VOLUME XCVTI—NO. 56.
MOSCOW STRIKERS PREPARING TO RESIST
TROOPS AND CITY MAY BE SACKED.
QUARTER OF A MILLION MEN WILL OPPOSE THE CZAR'S SOLDIERS
MOSCOW, Jan. 24.—Strike leaders, under the direction of the Social Democrats, have arranged for a great demonstration to
morrow, similar to that which led to the bloodshed in St. Petersburg on Sunday. Warnings issued by the authorities are being ignored
and the workmen are preparing to resist the troops. It is expected that within twenty-four hours the strikers here will number a quarter
of a million men. It is feared that they will overpower the military and that the city will be sacked.
BIG FLEET
TO BACK DP
NEW POLICY
Gathering of War
ships at Santo
Domingo.
One Vessel to Be Stationed
at Each ol the Prin
cipal Ports.
Stern Measures Taken to Overawe
Island Rebels and Restore Order
in the Republic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SA\' ,'I'AV Po'-tn Hi.-o, Jan. ,24j«ww|
The revenue cutter Dexter has been I
dispatched to Mayaguez for the pur
pose o£ intercepting an expedition
carrying arms and ammunition to
Santo Domingo for the leaders of a
contemplated revolution.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2 4.—ln carry
ing out the plan by which this coun
try is to assume control of Santo
Domingo's finances, President Roose
velt is proceeding to practically take
charge of the island with a powerful
fleet of warships. This feature of the
programme has been conducted with
much secrecy, and it was with great
reluctance that the facts finally were
officially admitted this afternoon.
Rear Admiral Sigsbee, commanding
the Caribbean division of the North
Atlantic fleet, is at Santo Domingo
with his full squadron, which consists
of the flagship Newark, the cruiser
Detroit, the gunboat Castine and the
collier Sterling. The torpedo-boat
Stewart reached Santo Domingo to
day, but its arrival, for some reason
that was not explained, was not men
tioned in the daily list of ship move
ments issued by the Navy Department.
The Stewart, it is said, will be used as
a dispatch boat, and other torpedo
* boats may be sent there for the samfe
purpose. The new cruisers Tacoma
and Denver have been ordered to join
Admiral Sigsbee's squadron and will
arrive at Santo Domingo In a few
days. Further reinforcement of the
squadron with cruisers and gunboats
is being considered, and it is probable
that two or three more ships will be
sent.
With the fleet now and on its
■way one -shin could be assigned to
each of the seven principal ports of
the island, but it is der-ired to have
warship in place of the collier and
gunboat in place of the torpedo-boat.
The naval forces will be used to
overawe the rebellious natives, who
are in practical possession of three
of the nothern ports, and firmly to es
tablish the American dictatorship.
The warships will practically take pos
session of all ports on February 1,
when the protocol signed by President
Morales and Commander * Dillingham
goes into effect. The result will be to
strengthen the Morales Government,
and, It is expected, to prevent any re
sistance in carrying the protocol into
effect.
SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN
ARRESTED IN THE SOUTH
Wrangle Over the Estate of a Mrs.
Dewey Ends In Warrant Being
Served on Sister.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 24.—A I
sensational step was taken to-day in j
the fight over the estate of the late i
Mrs. A. C. Dewey between the surviv- j
ing husband and the sisters of the dead j
woman. One of the sisters of the de- j
ceased, Mrs. Gertrude Harkison of San |
Francisco, as administratrix of the will
and under the advice of her attorney,
took from the Dewey home a mantel
piece, valued at $60. This Incensed
Dewey, and he had the woman arrest
ed, together with the - constable who
made the seizure. Later the District
Attorney dismissed the charge against
her.
MEXICAN AND SERVANTS
MURDERED BY YAQUIS
Three Persons Meet Death Where
Five Americans Were Slain
Lost Thursday.
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 24.—Antonio
Astlzarian, a member of a prominent
Mexican family, with two servants, has
been murdered by Yaqui Indians in the
same district where five Americans
were slain last Thursday. The family
of M. Doane, a ranchman, was robbed,
but they were allowed to go with their
IH* 1
THE .
Forecast made at San Franc!
thirty hours ending midnight, Jamr»« ■
ary 2B:
San Franclico and vicinity—Fair
Wednesday; light north winds.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
MADE SICK
AT SEA, TEN
DIE ON WAY
Illness Fatal Among
Immigrants on
Steamship.
Vaderland Encounters Rough
Weather on Her Trip
From Antwerp.
Steerage Passengers From Hungary
Not Prepare! lor Rigors of Voyage
and Pass Away En Route.
4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
, NSSW. YORK, ;Tnn. 54.--W**n the RM '
Star liner Vaderland arrived from Ant
werp to-day she reported ten deaths,
caused by seasickness on the voyage.
The victims were all steerage passen
gers, all were males, their ages ranging
from fifteen to forty years. Eight of
the bodies were buried at sea. The
bodies of two who had died just before
the Vaderland reached port are still on
board.
Captain Ehoff says that while the
weather was- extremely rough for the
first five days out from Antwerp, it was
no worse than the usual run of Atlantic
weather in midwinter. There were
j high gales and squalls of sleet and
I snow, but all vessels have been en
i countering these conditions.
Ehoff attributes the many deaths to
j the fact that the immigrants had come
!on board poorly fed, poqrly clad, still
' further debilitated by a long railroad
! ride, all having come from a distant
province in Hungary, and therefore
were in no condition to withstand the
rigors of an Atlantic voyage. This is
borne out by the testimony of two
members of the medical profession, who
j were among the saloon passengers and
I who were called In consultation by Dr.
Woersegers, the surgeon of the Vader-
I land. They are Dr. Sidney K. Simon,
:of New Orleans, and Dr. William
i Ackermann, of Milwaukee. They sign
!ed a paper which read:
"This is to certify that upon the re
i quest of the authorities on board this
; steamship, we, the undersigned, made
j an examination of many of the patients
and an Inspection of their quarters and
; found the latter in the best of condi
! tion. To the best of our knowledge, we
i believe the fatalities to be due to ex
j haustion attending a rough voyage."
FLOATING FOUNDATIONS
IMPERIL BIG BLOCKS
Obstacle In the Way of| the Proposed
Subway System in
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.—"Floating foun
dations" support sixty-four of the
large downtown buildings of Chicago.
This fact came to light to-day when
an inquiry was made following a dis
cussion of August Belmont's assertion
that Chicago's problem of subway con
struction was easier than that of New
York. G. W. Jackson and other engi
neers pointed out that In the very
"cheeEe-cutting" ease of digging into
the sub-surface of the city lay the
peril here. Jackson said:
"A slight miscalculation would dam
age and perhaps Ibause the collapse of
83 per cent of the office buildings in
the downtown district."
It is pointed out that under ordinary
conditions "floating foundations" are'
safe, but they complicate the subway
problem.
TEN YEARS IN FOLSOM
FATE OF A MANSLAYER
Italian Who Killed Countryman in
Row Over Dice at Glen EUeh
• Is Sentenced.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 24.—John Solani,
an Italian convicted of manslaughter,
was sentenced to ten years in Folsom
by Judge Seawell to-day. Solani shot
and killed John Guidotti, a country
man, at Glen Ellen last October during
a row over a dice game.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Jan. 24.—Bal
lots taken at noon to-day in the two
houses of the Legislature assure the
election of Senator Clarence D. Clark
for another term in the United States
Senate at the joint session to-morrow.
Clark received all the Republican
votes.
THE San Francisco CALL
Wyoming to Return Clark.
HIDING PLACE
OF NICHOLAS II
KEPT SECRET
Czars Retreat Is Not
Known to Russians.
Sway of Grand Dukes
Is Now Absolute.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald, Copyright, 1905, by
the New York Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 24—Over Gatsch.ina Palace no
imperial flag is waving, and rumors were rife to-night that the
Czar and Czarina had suddenly left for Livadia, .in the Crimea;
but in response to inquiries a court dignitary, who-refused to give
any positive information respecting the whereabouts of the Em
peror, assured me that the rumor was groundless.
I am informed on excellent authority th# the principal Mm*
* ister.s are wholly out of sympathy with the' acts of personages who
have been responsible for the public order since Saturday night.
They wash their hands of everything, but, lacking the means ot
expressing this publicly, they assure their friends that they con
demn the whole course adopted by the Government since Satur
day evening, when the Emperor, hearing of the intention- of the
workmen and having listened to the suggestions of Grand Dukes
Vladimir and Sergius, approved the policy of "firmness" recom
mended by his relatives and definitely took his stand against the
men who are now known to be the spokesmen of the whole Rus
sian nation.
Major General RydzefTsky. Assistant Minister of the Interior,
who was the head of the police down to Saturday last, remarked
to friends of mine a half-hour ago that to-morrow and Thursday
Continued on Page 2. Columns 3 and 4.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1905.
WILL THE ASSAULT OF THE RUSSIAN POPULACE UPON AUTOCRACY SUCCEED?
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 24.—St. Petersburg will be declared In a state of
siege to-morrow". General Trepoff, until recently Chief of Police of Mos
cow, has been appointed Governor General of St. Petersburg and has taken
up quarters In the Winter Palace. Strangely enough, the only precedent is
the case of General Trepoff's father during the reign of Nihilistic terrorism
under Alexander* 11, and it is also a strange coincidence that unsuccessful
attempts were made on the lives of both. General Trepoff Is a man of
great energy, but the measures he adopted at Moscow for suppressing the
student demonstrations in December last provoked much resentment, and
the revolutionists recently condemned him to death.
The aspect of the Russian capital is decidedly more calm. Business, which
had been at a complete standstill, has been resumed upon a limited scale.
The employes in a few of the smaller factories went back to work to-day,
and the crowds of strikers in the streets were diminished. The troops in
evidence were not so numerous as on Monday, and a more confident feeling
exists in official circles that the energetic measures which have been insti
tuted will ensure the safety and quiet of the city.
Beneath the surface, however, the ferment continues, and the public nerv
ousness and apprehension as to future developments is still unallayed.
Secret meetings of different classes in opposition to the existing order of
things were held in various places during the afternoon and evening, but
the divergent elements which were suddenly brought together by the tragic
events of last Sunday are advancing on divergent plans, and no common
ground of action has yet been found.
. In the meantime the police are actively searching out the leaders. Thre«
well-known Russian authors and a prominent editor were arrested to-day,
and the prisons are filled with agitators, revolutionists and student orators.
Such measures may result in bomb-throwing and terrorism to-morrow, but
the consensus of opinion is that the immediate future actions of the agita
tors depend upon what occurs in Moscow and other large cities of Russia
where the workmen are beginning to strike.
More than 100,000 men are out in the old capital of the empire to-night.
A telephone message from Moscow at midnight reported that there had
Continued on Page 2, Columns 1 and 2.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR —"The Conquerors."
CALIFORNIA—"Shaun
COLUMBIA —"A Country Mouse."
CENTRAL —"The Holy City."
CHUTES —Vaudeville. 1
FISCHER'S —Vaud-: ville.
GRAND—"TI*e Silver Slipper."
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville. Matinee to
day.
ALHAMBRA—De Pachmann Concert.
TIVOLI—Grand Opera.
MOB LEADERS
CROWD JAILS
Many Arrests in
the Russian
Capital.
Assassination Is Upoeil
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
INDUSTRY SUSPENDED THROUGHOUT RUSSIA
PRIEST CALLS
UPON PEOPLE
TO TAKE LIFE
Father Gopoira Urges Use of
Bombs and Dynamite.
Members of Romanoff Fam
ily Declared Outlaws.
ConUnued From Page I, Columns 6 and 7.
been no disorder there as yet. There will be a big demonstration In Moscow
to-morrow, and it is feared that it will be accompanied by bloodshed.
The situation confronting the military authorities in Moscow Is much
more serious than that in St. Petersburg. Out of more than 1,000,000 in
habitants of Moscow more than two-thirds are workmen, including an ex
ceedingly rough and turbulent element. The troops there are fewer and
the city does not lend itself, like. St. Petersburg, to natural barriers to
prevent the congregation of men. The center of the town has no bridges
and no canals, and hills and narrow streets make it difficult for troops
to act. Only the gates piercing the walls of the old Chinese town which
surrounds the Kremlin would afford the military natural places to bar
demonstrators.
At Kolvno and Vilna, where strikes have been begun, the workmen are
following the St. Petersburg plan of marching about the city and induc
ing or forcing other workmen to leave their employment. '
The windows and doors of practically every shop and residence in St.
Petersburg are boarded up, and at midnight the streets, as on Monday night,
were completely deserted, except for troops.
During the day there was a great crop of sensational rumors, includ
ing stories of strikers marching on Kolpino to seize the small arms fac
tory there and of the assassination of General Fullon, the prefect of St.
Petersburg, all of which on investigation have turned out to be false.
The inhabitants have again been warned to remain indoors.
It is not known definitely whether Father Gopon, the leader of the
workmen, is in Moscow or in St. Petersburg. A proclamation said to em
anate from him has been distributed, Indicating that he has gone over
body and soul to the Social Democrats.
The proclamation declares that since the Emperor and the Emperor's
Ministers have refused to listen to the people's grievances and fired on
them, the Government has outlawed itself so that every man's hand should
be-against it, and calls upon the people to slay the outlaws and destroy the
Government, root and branch. It authorizes the men to use fiombs, dyna
mite and other weapons, invites students to join and absolves the soldiers
from their oath of fealty. The destruction of Government property is
recommended, but the proclamation requests the followers of Father Gopon
to spare private property and ransack only shops containing vlctuais and
arms, and urges all to continue the fight until they succeed in obtaining
a national assembly.
STRIKERS SAID TO HAVE WRECKED GRAND
DUKE SERGIUS PALACE.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1905, by the New York Herald Publishing
Company.
LONDON, Jan. 25.—The London Daily Express has issued a 5 o'clock extra, in
which appears a dispatch from Moscow stating that the strikers in St. Petersburg have,
wrecked the palace of Grand Duke Sergius.
HELSINGFORS, Finland, Jan. 24.—Thousands of workmen joined in a demon
stration here to-night. Assembling on the huge steps of the Nicolai Cathedral they
paraded the streets till midnight, waving red flags. The windows of public houses,
hotels, breweries and a number of newspaper offices were broken. The police inter
fered rather late, arresting fifty of the workmen.
BRESLAF, Prussia, Jan. 24.—Special telegrams from Radom, European Russia,
describe that city as being in a state of siege, with military patrols in every street.
The soldiers occasionally fire on gatherings of the people, who have returned the fire,
killing three officers. The people are said to have blown up several buildings with
dynamite.
BERLIN, Jan. 24.—The Russian Government has ordered the Ludwig Loewe
arms factory to supply, as soon as possible, 500 machine guns.
DARING BOY RESCUES
TOURIST FROM DROWNING
Seves Traveler Who Was Knocked
From Boat Into the Ocean
by Boom.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 24.—A tourist
named Thomas was knocked into the
water by the boom of a boat In which
h* had been sailing alone last night.
"When he was almost exhausted Charles
Ws Hunter Jr., a boy of 17, went to
his rescue in a skiff, which was leak
ing* badly. Young Hunter jumped into
the..water and pushed the skiff up to
Thomas, who got aboard. The beat
would have gone down had Hunter
also got aboard, so he remained in the
water and by hard work managed to
| / push the skiff ashore.
YOUNG MAN IS KILLED
BY AN ELECTRIC SHOCK
Contact With an Overcharged Bulb
; Causes the Death of San
Diego Youth.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 24. — Forest
Brown, 21 years of age, was killed at
the Star stables in this city by a shock
frcm an overcharged electric bulb.
The young man was a son of Payne
Brown, one of the owners of the
stable,
BERLIN. Jan. 24.—Prince Ferdinand of Bul
garia will arrive here Thursday as the guest
of Emperor William and will remain in Berlin
until Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
100 Doses
for One Dollar
Economy in medicine must be
measured by two things—cost and ef
fect. It cannot be measured by either
alone. It is greatest in that medicine,
that does the most for the money—
that radically and permanently cures
at the least expense. That mcdi :
cine is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
It purifies and enriches the blood,
cures pimples, eczema and all erup
tions*, tired, languid feelings, loss of
appetite and general debility.
Hood's Sarsaparilla promises to
Cure, and keeps the promiff. ,
■ - 4 s
CABLE ENTRAPS
A BIG WHALE
Jaws of the Leviathan Get
Caught in Rubber Insula
tion and Monster Drowns
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 24.—A whale,
in an endeavor to swallow the entire
Sitka end of the Alaskan cable, so
satiated himself with rubber, copper
and packing .that he lost all ambition
and drowned.This story came over
the cable in an official dispatch late
last night. It was signed by Major
Russell and' was for trans
mission to Washington.
The purport of the dispatch is that
th(. cableship Burnside," after leaving
Sitka for a point thirty miles north of
that port, Where the cable'was broken,
endeavored to lift the severed end of
the submarine wires, ¥ The severed
ends were between submerged cliffs
and were difficult to raise. The men
o.i the cableship arranged their ap
paratus so that the Sitka end of the
sunken wire should be raised first.
••'Attached to the great Government
cible, the packed wire imbedded firm
ly In its jaws so that Jt could not be
disentangled without great difficulty,
was a large whale. It had evidently
been rubbing its back against the large
submerged wire. In its playful
"stunts" it had endeavored to sever the
great wire and the rubber packing be
came firmly imbedded in its jaws. Un
able to get awp.y from, the packing
which adhered to its jaws, the whale
simply drowned. How long it had
been dead, Major Russell was unable
to state.
UNION IRON WORKS NOW
A PART OF STEEL COMBINE
Articles of Incorporation Are Filed
With Secretary of State
Charles Curry.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 24. — New
articles of incorporation, showing the
Union Iron Works Company of San
Francisco" Id have been absorbed by
the steel combine, were filed to-day
with the Secretary of State. The prin
cipal place of business of the works is
given as Newark, N. J. The capital
stock is $2,000,000. The director** are
G. R. Sheldon. Pliny Fisk, J. E.
Borne and Charles W. Wetmore, all of
.New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1905.
MOBS TO ATTACK
THE ARSENAL
Eager to Seize War Munitions
Appeals for Aid Will Be Sent
to Foreign Countries.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 3 and 4.
would be the very worst days in St. Petersburg, and that
the revolutionary masses probably would visit the private dwell
ings and take whatever they wanted., But, he added, they would
doubtless refrain from harming those who refused them nothing.
A number of wealthy young officials are leaving the city to
night in consequence of fears entertained that to-morrow the
trains may cease to run, and reports have reached us that in the
provinces, on several stretches of lin,e in Central Russia, especial
ly in the Government of Yula," the rails have been torn up by the
people, but again repaired by the troops.
\ Desperate attempts have been made and will be made by
workingmen to plunder the arsenal. They complain that without
arms they can accomplish nothing, and many intelligent support
ers of the revolution are beginning to fear that a temporary col
lapse of the movement is a question of two or three days—
a collapse, however, which may last three or four weeks at the
most, and culminate in far resonant occurrences.
The majority are less pessimistic, and point to the fact that
in two hours at one center alone a sum of £1250 ($6250) was
collected for the strikers and their families, by whom the pinch of
hunger was painfully felt.
An appeal for foreign help, which was drawn up by a prom
inent literary man, has not been put forward because of his arrest,
but I am enabled to state that the appeal, which would have
borne well-known signatures, requests British and American
newspapers to open subscriptions for the strikers and to send the
money to the office of the Russian journal Asvaboshdennie in
Paris or to the Vorwaerts in Berlin.
SECRETARY OF FEDERAL
GRAND JURY DISCHARGED
Oregon Official Is Dismissed and Given
Warning by United States Dis
trict Court.
PORTLAND, Jan. 24.—Considerable
mystery surrounds the sudden dis
charge from duty to-day .qi Carl
Phelps, secretary of the Federal Grand
Jury. Friday Phelps requested to be
excused from duty for the day. He
then disappeared and nothing was
known of his whereabouts until Mon
day, when he was found in his room
by officers who were searching for
him. 7?
To-day, it is said, at the request of
the members of the jury, Phelps was
paid the money due him for his serv
ices as a grand' juryman, and, it is
said, ordered to return to his home and
remain there under pain of the dis
pleasure of the United States District
Court.
CHICO ELKS TO ERECT
THEATER AND CLUBROOMS
Building Association of the Lodge
Plane a Modern Structure to
Cost $50,000.
CHICO, Jan. 24.—Elks Building As
sociation of this city is planning to
erect a theater and club building in
the near future at a cost of $60,000 on a
lot on Second street. The building will
be the only one of its kind for Elks in
California north of Sacramento. The
lot on which the building is to be
erected is one of the most valuable in
the city. It adjoins the new public
library. The theater as planned will
seat 1200 people and will be modern m
every respect. The lodge room will be
elegantly furnished and equipped.
CRAWLS UNDER BATHHOUSE
AND BLOWS BRAINS OUT
Member of Italian Nobility, a Servant
at Dei Monte, Commits
Suicide. —
SALINAS, Jan. 24.—Jacques Gaudin,
aged 36, who for some time has been
in charge of the silverware at the
Hotel del Monte, crawled under a
bathhouse near the hotel Sunday
afternoon and blew his brains out with
a pistol.
The deceased left two letters, writ
ten in French, telling of his intention
to end his life. Gaudin was formerly
a resident of San Jose and San Fran
cisco. Letters found in his trunk show
that he was connected with the no
bility of Italy.
La Follette Elected Senator.
MADISON, Wis., Jan. 24.—80 th
houses of the Wisconsin Legislature
voted to-day separately for United
State& Senator, Governor La Follette
being named.
MERCURY TIKES
A GREAT DROP
Freezing Weather Reported
From Illinois, Indiana and
States of the Northwest
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.—Reports from
many cities and towns in the West and
Northwest show that the most severe
cold of the winter is prevailing and,
in s the majority of places, the low tem
perature is intensified by a high wind.
In this city the mercury fell from
twenty-two above zero to six below
in twenty-four hours. All of to-day
and through the greater part of the
night a gale of forty miles an hour
was blowing. There was but little
snow and traffic was not interfered
with, although there was much suffer
ing in the poorer districts of the city.
From the copper district of Northern
Michigan and Wisconsin it was re
ported that the most severe storm of
the winter raged to-day and to-night.
From Burlington, la., fifteen below
zero was reported with a high wind.
Marshailtown, la., reported the same
Intense cold and a severe wind storm.
In this part of the State snow was
drifting badly in the railroad cuts, in
terfering seriously with traffic.
The same general conditions pre
vailed throughout Indian* At several
points in the natural gas belt the sup
ply of gas entirely failed and there
were numerous reports of damage to
steam and electric railroads and tele
graph and telephone lines. All naviga
tion On the Ohio River has been sus
pended. The most severe cold in sev
eral years is reported from Southern
Indiana and Kentucky. Five below
zero was reported from Louisville as
the prediction for to-morrow morning.
Ten below, with a fierce wind from the
north, was reported from Springfield,
111., with the probabilities of a further
drop of five degrees before morning.
ADMITS THAT HE KILLED
CHAVES OF NEW MEXICO
Cattle Thief Says He Sought Rerenge
Because of His Conviction
for Stealing.
DENVER, Jan. 24.—A special to the
Republican from Santa Pc, N. M.,
says that Domingo Valles to-day con
fessed to killing Colonel J. Francisco
Chaves, the well-known politician,
who was assassinated at Plnaa Wells
while dining at the house of a friend
recently. Valles has been held in jail
at Santa Fe for some time on suspicion
of having committed the crime. He
Says he killed Chaves out of revenge
because the latter had him convicted
of horse-stealing. Valles will be given
a preliminary hearing to-morrow.
"USELESS" HARRIS' SLAYER
TO GET SHORT SENTENCE
Murderer of Negro Fighter of Hono
lulu Recommended for Leniency
by Jury.
HONOLULU, Jan. 24.— E. Geneau,
master at arms on board of the
United States gunboat Wheeling,
charged with murder in the first de
gree for the killing of "Useless" Har
ris, a negro prize-fighter, last June,
has been found guilty of manslaughter
In the third degree, the jury adding
a recommendation of leniency. The
greatest possible penalty under this
verdict is imprisonment for five years
or a fine of 81000.
Toga Fight Is Still On.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 24.—The
State Legislature took two ballots for
United States Senator to-day. The
ninth and last ballot resutled as fol
lows: Foster. 45; Piles, 31; Wilson, 17;
W. G. Graves, «i Jones, 7; Sweeney,2B.
Grip Colds.
Laxative Bromo Quinine, world-wide Cold and
Grip remedy, removes cause. CaH for full name
and look for signature of E. W. Grove. 25c. *
PEKING ISSUES A BOLD
DEFIANCE TO THE CZAR
China No Longer in
Fear of Musco
vite Power.
Denies All Charges
of Violations of
Neutrality.
c
Russia in Turn Ac
cused of Breach
of Faith.
Special DUDatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24. — China has
struck back as vigorously as diplomacy
will permit at Russia's recent charges
that the Chinese Government has
countenanced flagrant pro-Japaneße
violations of neutrality. In a note
delivered to Secretary Hay, who was
slightly ill at his home to-day, by Sir
Chentung Liang Cheng, the Chinese
Minister, the Peking Government not
only vigorously and specifically denies
the Russian charges, but accuses Rus
sia of flagrant violations of Chinese
neutrality.
This note is surprisingly vigorous. for
a Chinese document. It is a bold diplo
matic challenge to Russia. Sir Chen -'
tung advised his Government last week
to say frankly whatever it had
and apparently his advice has been
followed.
This stiffening of the backbone of
the Peking Foreign Office is ascribed
to the growing Japanese* influence In
China. Half a dozen years ago, when
Chinese affairs were swayed •by a
clique of men at Peking, most of
whom were under Russian Influence,
the Russian charges would not have
evoked such a radical reply. Rut now
the voice of the Chinese people is
potent in Peking and Japanese • influ-i
tnce is growing rapidly.
Secretary Hay will convey this note
to the President. A similar note will
be transmitted by China to air neutral
powers.
GIST OF CHINA'S ANSWER.
Regarding the charge that Chinese
bandits were enlisted In the Japanese
army, the Chinese Government call*
attention to the fact that they were
enlisted first by the Russian frontier
guards and fought against the Japan
ese army. If it is true, as alleged,
that they enlisted in the Japanese
army, that is a matter for the belliger
ents. The reply continues:
We find no Japanese officers in our northern
army at all. We do find in the Government
school at Paotingpu several Japanese trans
lators. All of them, however, had been en
gaged before the war, and after hostilities
broke out they were required to give their
word of honor to have nothing to do with the
conflict. These are on the same footing as
Russians and other foreigners in educational
Institutions throughout the empire and In our
maritime customs houses. China further re
gards this as a matter of Internal administra
tion of which no other Government has cause
to complain.
Regarding the iron ore said to have
been furnished the Japanese army, the
answer sayß this ore is from certain
mines owned by Chinese merchants,
separate from the Government mines
at Hanyang.
The Maotao Islands are said to have
been used by the Japanese as a base
for their navy. The Chinese Govern
ment for the last year has stationed
the swift cruiser Haiki to watch these
islands and the local prefect sum
moned the gunboat Haipu to patrol
these waters. No sign of any land
ing of Japanese has been reported to
the Government and it is unnecessary
to add that no such permission has
been given by the Chinese Govern
ment to Japan.
SHIPMENTS OF CONTRABAND.
Regarding the articles of contra
band alleged to have been sent to
Dalny, the answer says no ships have
left Chefu with the knowledge of the
Chinese Government for Dalny, and
no clearance papers for that port have
been issued by the Chinese customs
officials. If ships have run the block
ade that is the belligerents' lookout.
China is doing all she can to maintain
it.
Regarding the Ryeshitelhi incident,
it is stated that the seizure was as un
expected by the Chinese as by the
Russians. The Chinese Government
later requested Japan to return the
vessel and while the incident is not
yet closed, China considers that her
Government has done all possible in
the matter.
The Chinese Government considers
that Russia has violated neutrality in
a number of instances. Bridges have
been built by the Russians west of the
Laio River and Russian troops have
encamped on the west side of the
river, which is supposed to mark the
boundary of the neutral zone. In
many places in the neutral zone the
Russians have forced the sale of pro
visions. The Chinese have made many
arrests of Russians smuggling ammu
nition, arms and other contraband ar
ticles.
MAD DOG SCARE IN CHICO
ENDS IN POLICE COURT
Citizen With Fears of Hydrophobia
Aroused Kicks Animal and Its
Owner Uses Fists.
CHICO, Jan. 24.—A mad dog caused
considerable excitement at the corner
of Second street and Broadway by
howling and running back and forth
last night. The beast Jumped at a
schoolgirl and tore a large piece out of
her dress. The animal also snapped
at a man and another girl and then
disappeared. Later in the evening Rob
ert Humphrey was walking pn Broad
way when a small dog fastened his
teeth in his trousers leg. Thinking he
was attacked by the mad dog Hum
phrey kicked the dog in the jaw. The
owner of the small canine, James Eng
lish, promptly knocked Humphrey
down and out. Humphrey had English
arrested on a charge of battery.
Poolsellers Want Damages.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24.—Fitzgerald &
Co., whose poolroom was raided Sat
urday by the District Attorney's and
Sheriff's offices, to-day brought suit
against those officials and their depu
ties for 85000 damages and for an or
der restraining .them from interfering'
•with fhe business of the plaintiffs.
RUMOR OF SEA BATTLE
AND RUSSIAN VICTORY
News Agency Claims Fleets
Met in Indian Ocean. .
PARIS, Jan. 24.—The Agence Russe
has a dispatch from St. Petersburg
saying it is rumored in naval circles
that a fight has taken place in the
Indian Ocean between the Russian Bal
tic fleet and a Japanese fleet. Accord
ing to the rumor, the Japanese lost a
battleship and two cruisers.
The Agence Russe is subsidized for
Russian purposes and is most unre
liable.
• _
MUST PAY FOR TREACHERY.
Jail for Briton for Disclosing; Japan
ese Military Secrets.
YOKOHAMA. Jan. 24.— H. B. Collins
was to-day sentenced to eleven years'
imprisonment at hard labor for dis
closing: to the Russians certain Japan
ese military secrets.
H. B. Collins, of Portuguese blood but
a British subject, who had long been
a resident of Japan, was publicly tried
at Yokohama on Jnuary 19 on the
charge of disclosing milltarv secrets.
He was found guilty, but the passing
of sentence was deferred until to-day.
According to the evidence Collins
visited Port Arthur and Tientsin last
year and received $500 from Generals
OgorodinkOff and Desino, together with
a private cipher that he might trans
mit information. .
Last October, the evidence showed,
Collins wrote from Yokohama detailing
a proposed dispatch of troops, giving
their number, destination .and purpose,
to General Desino, but the letter was
stopped at Nagasaki.
MIKADO TOASTS ROOSEVELT.
TOKIO, Jan. 24.—The Emperor tb-
DEATH AGAIN PILOTS A
MARKET-STREET CABLE CAR
John Moore, an Aged Shoemaker, at
Hospital Dying as a Result of
Accident.
The cycle of street car accidents on
Market street seems not yet to have
been completed. The month of Jan
uary, although but two-thirds passed,
has witnessed more than a score of
cable car accidents. Two fatalities
Have resulted. Most of the accidents
seem to have been due to the careless
ness of pedestrians.
Last night John Moore, an aged
shoemaker, was run down by a
Haight-street car at Twelfth and Mar
ket streets and is dying from a frac
tured skull at the Central Emergency
Hospital. Dr. Herzog, who treated
the unfortunate man, does not hold
out a ray of hope for the patient's re
covery.
Moore, who is 73 years old, was on
his way to his home at 5 Tonningsen
place. He evidently did not hear the
approaching car, which was upon him
before the heavy vehicle could be
brought to a stop. Gripman Angus
Steuart was arrested and charged
with battery at the Mission police
station.
Moore will die. He leaves a wife
and family.
THIEVES AT WORK.—A number of bur
glaries and thefts were reported to the police
yesterday. The Orand Central Saloon at 131
Eddy street wai entered and $16 stolen from
the cash register. J. P. Jordan. 2626 Howard
street, lost a suit of clothes and other articles
valued at $26 75. J. C. Malloy. 207 Third
street, lost a revolver and cigars valued at
$6 66. L. A. Haley, 166 Fourth street, lost a
watch valued at $20 from his vest pocket.
Captain P. McOlnnis of the ship Redondo,
lying at Mission-street wharf, is short a suit
of clothes valued at $25. At the Redding
School, Pine and Larkln streets, twenty-one
■mall Iron block planes, each valued at $1,
were stolen.
Aluminium, once hailed as the com
ing metal, is not so much heard of now.
No satisfactory process of welding it
ever has been discovered.
ApVERTISEMIJfTS, ' • '
Wmm mm" It II I
H A Universal Remedy for Pains in the Back. I
Bg For pains in the region of the Kidneys or for a Weak Back | j
■ the piaster should be applied as shown in illustration. I
1 REMIMBIR-Allcock's Plasters bare bam In use over 65 Tears. H
I Thay are tha original sad genuine porous plasters and have never been «
mm equalled as a pain-surer. Guaranteed not to contain belladonna, opium
I laakst Upon Having AUcock'a. ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
day received Lloyd C. Griscom, the
American Minister, in special audience,
and later entertained Griscom and the
attaches of the legation at luncheon.
The Emperor requested the Minister
to convey to President Roosevelt his
great satisfaction over the cordial rela
tions existing between Japan and the
United States. He paid a high compli
ment to the courtesy shown to Lieuten
ant General Prince Fushimi by the
President and people of the United
States.
In replying Griscom thanked the
Emperor for the interest taken by
Japan in the St. Louis Exposition and
for the friendship manifested in the
visit of Prince Fushimi. The Emperor,
who was in high spirits, proposed the
health of President Roosevelt.
Prince Fushimi and other distin
guished Japanese were present.
JAPS ROUT SMALL FORCES.
Dislodge a Company of Russian Cav
alry Near Welstzuka.
TOKIO, Jan. 24.—A report received
from the headquarters of the Japanese
army at Sienchang, Manchuria, say»
that on Monday, last the Japanese dis
lodged about one company of Russian
cavalry at a place to the northwest
of Weißtzuku, and occupied the posi
tion." The Japanese captured a num
ber of horses and arms.
Another Japanese detachment, the
report says, routed the Russians in the
neighborhood of Chancheng, Inflicting
on them a loss of over twenty. The
Japanese captured Aye officers and a
number of men, horses and arms.
POLICE CERTAIN YATES
IS SAFE BEHIND BARS
Desperate Bellboy Makes Confession
in Chicago, Which Has Been
Verified.
According to a dispatch received
from Chicago by the local police last
night Andrew Yates, the bellboy in
the Hotel Dorchester, who robbed
Mr. and Mrs. Arnold Gundelfinger of
$3000 worth of jewelry on No
vember 4 of last year, is under ar
rest and has made a confession. In
substantiation of this the Chicago po»
lice say they have recovered a portion
of the property stolen in this city.
There seems to be little doubt as to
the Identity of the man.
The telegram that Captain of Detec
tives Burnett received from the Chi
cago Dolice is as follows: "Yates in
custody. Acknowledges identity.
Have recovered some property stolen
in your city; also have case against
him here. Send certified copy of war
rant and complaint or indictment.
Will let you have him If unable to
convict." The telegram is signed by
Francis O'Neil, chief of detectives.
In Chicago Yates is charged with
having a dynamite bomb in hie pos»
session. The authorities here will
make no effort to bring him to the
coast unless prosecution in Chicago
fails.
WOLF BATS HE WAB ROBBED.—Henry
Wolf, tailor. 1508 Turk street, reported to
Policeman Doyle early yesterday morning that
he had been attacked by four men at Jeffer
son square and robbed of a purse containing
$9 75. Two of the men, he said, had grabbed
him from behind, another had struck him
twice on the forehead with his clenched fist
and the other had gone through his pooketa,
Doyle took him to the ©"Farrell-street station
and Station Keeper Harrington, after ques
tioning him, said he did not believe, his story.
According to Harrington, Wolf showed no sign
of having been attacked.
More than 18,000,000 persons are en
rolled in the Sunday schools of the
country. In public schocls c enroll
ment is more than 16,000,000, or only
3,000,000 more.HATED TREPOFF BECOMES DICTATOR
COUNCIL OF MOSCOW
DEFIES THE EMPEROR
!• Reformer Re-elected Mayor of the City
j_ , t_
'" DOWAGER EMPRESS OF RUSSIA WHO WIELDS GREAT INFLUENCE OVER HER SON. EMPEROR NICHOLAS 11. AND WHO
» IS AN UNCOMPROMISING FOE OF ALL WHO FAVOR THE SLIGHTEST DEPARTURE FROM THE PRESENT AUTO
CRATIC FORM OF GOVERNMENT.
MOSCOW, Jan. 24.—The Municipal
Council to-day Ivy a vote of 113 to 10
"re-elected Prince Galitzin Mayor of
■ Moscow. The -Prince is a prominent
loader in the local reform movement
and resigned recently on the issuance
of the Government declaration con
demning the reformers' propaganda.
The Liberal paper, Russky Viedo
mosti, has created a sensation owing
to its comment on the official state
ment of the St. Petersburg shooting.
The paper says:
This official report does not come from the
scene of war; the victims have not fallen on
the battlefields of Manchuria, nor In a right
with a foreign foe but in a bloody conflict be
tween troops and Russian burghers. Arms and
slaughter may avail to put down a peaceful
demonstration, but force Is not powerful
enough to quench the aspirations of the RUFslan
heart, ward off the consequences of Sunday's
volleys and prevent the movement for liberty
and a Justly organized government coming to
a full fruition.
Infantry and cavalry are patrolling
the city to-night. Several groups *>f
drunken demonstrators have been
forcibly dispersed.
A. conference of employers met at
the. Bourse to-day, but achieved noth
ing, as the strikers have not yet for
mulated their demands.
The employes of the Bari Boiler
Works began work this morning, but
. the strikers forced their way into the
v orks and ordered the men to cease.
They immediately complied.
TRIESTE, Jan. 24.—Several hun
dred workmen assembled before the
Russian consulate here last night,
crying: "Down with the Czar!" "Down
with tyranny!" \ "Down with abso
lutism!" The police dispersed the
crowd without difficulty. A few ar
rests were made.
PARIS, Jan. 24.—The students of
the Latin quarter, including a number
of Russians, held a meeting to-day in
. sympathy with the St. Petersburg
sinkers and attempted to make a
•demonstration. The police broke up
thf. meeting. No serious incident oc
curred.
SEVASTOPOL. Jan. 24. —The report
that the fire at the arsenal on Monday
•v.as the outcome of a mutinous out
break of sailors and troops is wholly
unfounded. The commandant of the
•port reiterates that nothing definite
v.as known as to the origin of the lire.
' VILNA. Russia, Jan. 24.—A strike
has. commenced here. The town is
quiet.
KOVNO. Russia, Jan. 24. —Work
.has been stopped at all the 'actories
and railroad shops here.
GOPON FORMERLY HERE.
Said to Have Done Missionary Work
t In San Francisco.
. BOSTON. Jan. 24.—Father Gopon. the
Russian revolutionary leader, has been
Ui America twice. The first time was
in 1893, when he first entered the priest
hood. He was sent to Ansonia, Conn.,
and later to San Francisco as a mis
sionary priest among the Russians.
He stayed some time in each place,
laboring in the Russian churches. Rus
sian leaders here say that his real
■ame is Father Agathon or Agafon.
When he came to Boston three years
■go as a delegate to the Boston Youngr'
Metis Christian Association centennial.
A
bringing greetings from the only Young
Men's Christian Association in Rus
sia, that in St. Petersburg, founded
through the generosity of the New
York millionaire. James A. Stokes, now
In Boston, he came as Father Nicholas
V. Vassilieff. Though a priest in the
Russian orthodox church, he was only
excommunicated a few days ago. As
a worker in the Young Men's Christian
Association and another organization
for young men in St. Petersburg he
became known as a leader of ability
and thoroughly taught thousands of
the workingmen.
Father Gopon was born of peasant
j parents at Poltava and was educated
; through the help of friends of the fam-
I ily. He speaks English, French and
' German besides his own tongue. He
j wrote a book on,Christian Socialism
; that was suppressed by the Govern
j ment. He organized the iron workers
of Russia into a vast society and in
i augurated the strike at the Putiloff
i works.
*
I works.
•
BATTLES AND MASSACRES.
Correspondents Give Free Rein to
Vivid Imaginations.
LONDON, Jan. 25.—N0 report of al
leged occurrences in Russia appears
too wild or extravagant to find place
in some European journals. The free
dom accorded foreign correspondents
telegraphing from Russia,, as shown by
this fact, is the subject of remark in
the Daily Chronicle this morning as
indicating that Emperor Nicholas has
yet least one redeeming feature—a ca-
J pacity for keeping his word. The
Chronicle proceeds to refer to the
! promise of the Emperor to the Asso
j dated Press to complete the removal
of the censorship in news telegrams.
An instance of wild statements is in
I the Daily Mail's St. Petersburg dis
j patches, which describe a veritable
j battle between strikers and troops
) near Kolpino and a wholesale slaugh
ter of strikers.
The Daily Express' St. Petersburg
correspondent reports similar scenes of
massacre at Radom, and describes
General Kuropatkin's army as ripe for
revolt. .
There are conflicting: reports about
Maxim Gorky. The Stjsrhdard's St. Pe
tersburg correspondent says the novel
ist narrowly escaped capture, but the
Daily Telegraph's correspondent, who
was himself arrested but subsequently
released, says that Gorky was among
those arrested whose only crime con
sisted in having been members of the
delegation that visited Witte. president
of the Council of the Empire, after a
vain attempt to interview Minister of
the Interior Sviatopolk-Mirsky. They
are all, the correspondent adds, now
Interned in a secret section of the St.
Peter and St. Paul fortress. The cor
respondent says:
They are guilty of no illegal act except being
present at a meeting exceeding five persons.
Not one of them would have anything to do
wltti the secret committees or underground agi
tation. It was »hey who. In my presence, re
fused to listen to the suggestion that a perma
nent committee should be formed to direct a
'revolutionary movement. A young woman who
had been collecting money for hungry workmen
was arrested yesterday.
The Daily Telegraph's correspondent
adds:
I am enabled to state emphatically that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 25, 1905.
neither Witte nor Sviatopolk-Mirsky had any
»hand or part in the deeds of the last three
days, which they both sincerely deplore aa
blunders and crimes.
The Daily Chronicle's correspondent
at St. Petersburg also states that Min
ister of Finance Muravieff appealed to
the Emperor not to appoint General
Trepoff to the Governor Generalship of
the city" and government of St. Peters
burg or to declare the city in a state
of siege.
SANTA FE TO ISSUE
$50,000,000 WORTH OF BONDS
Will Bear Interest at 4 Per Cent
and May Be Converted Into
Common Stock.
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 24.—Practi
cally no opposition was manifested at
the meeting of the stockholders of the
Santa Fe to-day to the proposition to
Increase the common stock of the com
pany and issue $50,000,000 of con
vertible bonds.
The purchasers of the issue of the
$f 0.000.000 of bonds will be allowed
the privilege ef converting the bonds
into common stock at any time the
holder chooses. The bonds will bear 4
per cent interest." The money received
from the sale of the bonds will be used
solely in building or acquiring actually
new and additional mileage or prop
erty.
President Ripley of the Santa Fe
announces that stockholders of the
road will have the first chance to buy
the $50,000,000 bonds. If any are left
they will be offered to the public.
Ripley said it might take ten years or
more to use the entire sum. Concern
ing the improvements to be made this
year, he said:
We will begin the construction of the Belen
cut-off, the Pecos Valley line will be gradually
improved, and the two together will be made a
through line. We wllUgradually transfer our
transcontinental business to that route, i'he
funds that will be placed at our disposal will
be available to use at any place on the whole
pystem. We will build considerable second
track this year. 1 am not ready to say what
additional shop facilities will be provided.
There have been no immediate provisions mads
as yet. Necessities will, of course, arise from
time to time.
Hundreds of Fraudulent Ballots.
DENVER, Jan. 24.—The Joint legis-
lative committee hearing the Peabody-
Adams gubernatorial contest spent the
afternoon again to-day listening to the
reports of handwriting experts on bal
lots examined. Their reports showed
that of 2521 ballots found in ten boxes,
625, most of them Democratic, were
fraudulent, having been written by one
or two persona.
Scott Again to Go to Senate.
CHARLESTON, W. Va., Jan. 24.—
The Legislature voted separately to
day for United States Senator. Senav
tor Nathan B. Scott received a ma
jority of the votes. To-morro% in
joint session Senator Scott will be re
elected.
Prominent New Yorker Dead.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.—Ex-Congress
man Edwin Einstein, a wealthy lawyer,
who was the Republican candidate for
Mayor of New York against Thomas F.
Gllro'y. in 1892, died suddenly to-nlghu
of heart failure.
OF ST. PETERSBURG UNDER CZAR'S SIEGE PROCLAMATION,
WHICH MAKES HIM ABSOLUTE MASTER OF THE CAPITAL CITY -
FOREIGNERS
ARE FLEEING
TO FRONTIER
Era of Bomb-Throwing May
Follow Mobs' Defeat.
Proclamations Call for Blood
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 24. — The
I lower section of the Nevsky Prospect,
including the Winter Palace district
and the quay, where the embassies are
located, is in darkness to-night, and
there has been a resumption of the
panicky feelinj? of yesterday. Never
theless the authorities express increas
ing confidence that the backbone of the
strike is broken and say that all the
prominent agitators and many extreme
Liberals have been arrested. Father
Gopon has disappeared and is said to
Ibe in Moscow directing the strike
I there.
For the moment the men here ar«
without a plan of action and are seem- j
ingly commencing to realize that with- |
out arms it is folly to resist the
troops. If the strikers are paralyzed I
there is general fear that the revolu- !
tionist3 and terrorists, who are com
ing to the front, will begin a reign of
bomb throwing, and that the political
exiles' association, known as the "Il
legal Red Cross," will make large con
tributions.
There is no truth in the report cir
culating that strikers 30,000 strong are
inarching upop Kolpine, twenty miles
from St. Petersburg, for the purpose
of seizing the small arms factory there, j
An official account of yesterday's
events Is as follows:
During Monday there were no collisions be
tween the rioters and the troops. Detach
ments of soldiers had no need to use their
arms, as the crowds dispersed when the
troops appeared. In the course of the day an
attempt was made to attack Gostinny Dvor
market, but it was repulsed.
Workmen at the electric stations joined the
strike in the evening. Then some groups, tak
ing advantage of darkness, began to break (
windows in the shops, but order was every
where quickly restored.
No person was killed or wounded on Mon
day. The exact number killed on Sunday was
86; Injured &«, of whom 53 were treated at
the ambulance stations.
FOREIGN BRS ARE FLEEING.
The terror of the people has been
somewhat relieved, but the dread of
the next few days continues. Many
foreigners are leaving Russia. The
foreign embassies are not manifesting
alarm. They are expressing confidence
that the Government will be able to
handle the situation, and that there is
nothing now warranting apprehension
for the lives or safety of their fellow
countrymen. The authorities insist
that the danger is exaggerated, con
tinuing to scout the idea of a revolu
tion and maintaining the ability of the
Government to meet all emergencies.
Early this morning a press corre
spondent drove up the Nevsky Pros
pect and found that the damage done
during the night to the store fronts
was greater than was apparent last
night. A large number of business
premises were wrecked, the mob hav
ing devoted Itself principally to con
fectioners and pastry cooks.
Enormous crowds of strikers and
many sightseers, encouraged by the
mild weather, were promenading the
sidewalks this morning and the street
cars were again in operation.
The correspondent noticed several
men distributing proclamations. The
people were formerly shy of accepting
such documents; now they are eagerly
taking them and have nicknamed
them "lastochke" (swallows), an allu
sion to the spring which has become a
synonym of evolution. The corre
spondent secured a number of copie%.
All are signed by 'The Russian Social
Democrat Labor Party." One procla
mation, dated January 22, reads:
Comrades—So long as autocracy exists, no
Improvement tn our condition is possible;
therefore, we continue to Inscribe on our ban
ners the followins demands:
"The Immediate cessation of the war.
"Tlie summoning of . a constitutional assem
bly of representatives of the people elected by
universal and equal suffrage and by direct
secret ballot.
"The removal of class and race privileges
and restrictions.
"The inviolability of the person and domi
cile.
"Freedom of conversation, speech, the press,
meetings, strikes and political associations."
"LONG LIVE THE REVOLUTION."
A second proclamation, dated Janu
ary 23, says:
The proletarlal of all countries are united.
Citizens, you yesterday witnessed the bestial
cruelty of the autocracy. You saw blood flow
ing in the streets. You saw hundreds slaugh
tered defenders of the cause of labor. You
saw the death and heard the groans of the
wounded women and defenseless children. The
blood and brains of worklngmen were spat
tered around where their heads had been laid.
Who directed the soldiers to aim their rifles
and tire bullets at the breasts of the labor
ers?
It was the Emperor, the Grand Dukes, the
Ministers, the generals, the nobles of the court.
They are the murderers. Slay them!
To arms, comrades!
Seize the arsenals and the arms at the
depots and at the gunsmiths'. Day low the
prison walls. Liberate the defenders of free
dom. Demolish the police and gendarmeries
stations and all the Government and state
buildings*.
We must thrown down the Emperor and the
Government and must have our own govern
ment.
Long live the revolution!
Long live the constituent assembly of the
representatives of the people!
A third proclamation appeals to the
people not to attempt to injure pri
vate property.
General Prince Vasilchlkoff, com
mander of the guards, has not yet an
nounced the stringent rules usually
accompanying a state of siege, such
as forbidding persons to leave their
houses after 10 o'clock at night with
out special passes and the extinction
of all lights In private quarters after
that hour. The authorities evidently
are still confident that they have the
situation well in hand.
There is no confirmation of the re
port that the Emperor and Empress
, and their children are going to Co
penhagen, or, on the other hand, that
the Emperor has decided to appoint
! a mixed commission of officials, em
ployers and workingmen to consider
the strikers' demands, notably the
question of eight hours' work per day,
and to make an investigation of the
shooting of the strikers.
PREMATURE REJOICING.
All sorts of rumors are circulating
in both official circles and among the
worklngmen. A curious report spread
among the men last night was that
the Emperor had given in and that
three white flags had been placed
over the Winter Palace, signifying
that he had consented to reduce the
maximum legal hours of work from
eleven to eight. According to this leg
end, the Emperor would have dis
played a red flag if he had decided to
refuse the strikers' request. Many
workingmen. deceived by the rumor,
shouted "Hurrah!" in token of vic
tory and this possibly was the reason
that the strikers, believing they had
already won the day, refrained from
committing excesses yesterday.
Father Gopon's popularity is unim
paired, but it is already evident that
the Social Democrats are getting the
upper hand and that they are encour
aging the people to violence. From a
trustworthy source It is learned that
Father Gopon sent a letter to the. So
cial Democrats in the Following terms:
Tbey have fired upon and massacred us, but
we are not vanquished and the day of our
triumph is nigh. Do not spoil our triumph by
taking up arms and resorting to violence,
foment yourselves with destroying the por«
traits of him who Is no longer worthy to b*
our Kmoeror.
This pacific admonition irritated the
Social Democrats and does not meet
witb, a response from the workingmen,
who apparently are thirsting for
vengeance and are clamoring for their
leaders to distribute the arms.
The revolutionists are reported to be
actively preparing bombs and infernal
machines to wreck the post and tele
graph offices and destroy other Gov
ernment property. They talk wildly
of issuing a manfesto declaring a pro
visional government. They seem to
have broken completely with the
Zemstvoists, whom they treat with
contempt on account of what they call
their "truckling" to autocracy. Even
Prince Truebetskoi, who led the re
formers of Moscow, is regarded by
them with suspicion and even hatred
because in an article published by the
Fravo he described the revolutionists
as a "Port Arthur inside of Russia,"
which Russia would have to over
throw.
AGITATORS UNDER ARREST.
Hessen, editor of the Pravo, whose
advanced liberal views are well known,
has been arrested. The Workingmen's
Club has been closed by order of the
Prefect of Police. Professor Karsaff
and Annensky and Pechsechonoff.
three well-known writers, and Town
Councilors Kedrin and Schnitnikoff,
who are also lawyers, were arrested
during the night.
Traffic between St. Petersburg and
Moscow and St. Petersburg and War
saw is uninterrupted. The Northern
express arrived on schedule time.
During the afternoon came the news
that workmen were going out at Kov
no and Vilna, but particulars were
lacking.
Although the crowds on the Nevsky
Prospect continued to increase, just as
they did yesterday, there were no col
lisions Moreover, during the day
several of the . smaller mills resumed
work, and the men at other mills as
sured their employers that they were
anxious to return, but that the strikers
threatened to kill them if they did so.
The wildest rumors were in circula
tion. A mob was reported to be march
ing on Tsarskoe-Selo to see the Em
peror, as the multitude marched to
Versailles to ask King Louis XVI of
France for bread in 1779; but the story
is utterly without foundation.
In certain quarters, where the woes
of Russia are always laid at the door
of Great Britain, the feeling against
the British had become intense, it be
ing charged that the British are sup
plying money to bring about a revo
lution.
Cossacks, while dispersing a crowd
cf strikers at 4 o'clock, drew their
swords and wounded several men.
Work has been suspended at the
v/orks of the Belgian Electrical Com
pany, which furnishes the majority of
the electric supply of St. Petersburg.
Texas Renames Culberson.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 24. —The Sen
ate and House of Representatives met
separately to-day and balloted foi.
United States Senator. Charles A. CuN
berson, the Incumbent, was elected
without opposition.
Several Injured in Illinois.
ALTON, 111., Jan. 24.—A. G. Chap
lain, a fireman, was killed and several
passengers were injured to-day in the
wreck of an Illinois Terminal Railroad
train near here. A car containing
thirty passengers turned over.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ~^^^J^^~-^^~~~*~+*~
Cigar Quality
CAN FRANCISCO SMOKERS will soon
have opportunity to participate in the
cigar values that have built our great
business of hundreds of busy stores.
UNITED CIGAR STORES CO.
Largest Cigar Kfitailers in the World
Watch Announcements* _____
FOE OF MASSES
TO COMMAND
Nicholas Calls to His Aid Man
Condemned to Death
. by Revolutionists
Moscow's Former Chief of Police
to Put Down the Strike;
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 24.—The ap
pointment of General Trepoff, the
former Chief of Police of Moscow, to
the Governor Generalship of St. Peters
burg was accompanied by an imperial
decree announcing the creation of the
post of Governor General. The incum- j
bent of this office, the decree states, !
will be in control of all the depart- j
ments of administration of the city |
government of St. Petersburg, with;
power to demand the assistance of the
military and possessing all the rights
Of the Minister of the Interior over ap- i
pointments to the Municipal Council
and the Zemstvos and over the right
of individuals to remain in the city.
The decree, which is addressed to the
Senate, says:
"Recent events have shown the neces
sity for the adoption of measures for
the preservation of state institutions
and public security adapted to the ex
traordinary circumstances of the times.
On this account it was considered nec
essary to create the office of Governor
General of St. Petersburg on the basis !
of the provisions of the law prescrib- ;
ing the duties of Chiefs and Governor j
Generals and of the following regula- |
tions:
"First, the city and government of j
St. Petersburg are placed under the j
authority of the Governor General. ;
"Second, on the questions where the
maintenance of state institutions and
public security are at stake all the
local civil authorities and all the edu
cational institutions are made subject
to the Governor General.
"Third, the Governor General has the
right, with the assent of the Minister
of the Interior, to enforce measures
sanctioned by article 140 of the censor-
ship statute.
"Fourth, apart from the right of mak.
ing obligatory the regulations in ac
cordance with law providing for stricter
maintenance of order, the Governor
General will be empowered to make
obligatory the regulations affecting ob
jects of property of any kind in the
interest of public tranquillity and order
in his jurisdiction; while cases of viola
tion of these regulations, the penalties
and method of procedure prescribed in
articles 15 and 16 of the law for the
stricter maintenance of order are to be
adopted, whereby the Governor Gen
eral can commission the Governor and
! prefect of St. Petersburg, who are sub
' ject to him, to deal with said cases."
Another section subordinates to the
! Governor General all the gendarmerie
iin the administration, and every gen
j darme in his official district, as well as
i the authorities and official personages
lin the zone, is expropriated for rail-
I way purposes as far as police matters
i are concerned.
All the rights of Minister of the In-
I terior with reference to the confirma
tion in office of members of the com
munal authorities and zemstvos in the
territory of the St. Petersburg Gov
ernment aie transferred to the Gov
ernor General.
The Governor General is empowered
to prohibit individuals remaining in his
I official district.
KEEN INTEREST IN JAPAN.
Feeling That Riots Will Hasten End
of the War.
TOKIO, Jan. 24. —The Japanese are
keenly watching the developments in
St. Petersburg. -The newspapers pub
lish extras with accounts of the riots,
which are eagerly read. The people
were shocked at the death roll and
there is a widespread feeling that the
bureaucracy will be powerless to stem
the tide of reforms and that the
downfall of the bureaucracy must end
the war. A member of a foreign le
gation said:
"The war is over unless the Rus
sian people are crushed with an iron
heel. It has brought about a crisis.
The Japanese army is now fighting the
battle of the Russian people."
Convention Postponed.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 24. —The
congress of agriculturists, which
was to have met here on January 29,
has been indefinitely postponed by or
der of the Minister of Agriculture.
SAYS SOUTHERN WHITES
MUST REMAIN SUPREME
Governor Frazier of Tennessee Talks
of the Race Issue at In
augural.
NASHVILLE, Term., Jan. 24.—Gov
ernor James B. Frazier was to-day
inaugurated as chief executive of Ten*
neesee to serve his second term. In
his inaugural address Governor Fra
zier said in part:
The exigencies of the civil war freed tha
slave, but the black man remained, and with
him a problem unparalleled in its difficulties.
The problems of Industrial regeneration and
racial adjustment were laid upon the man of
the South and they were commanded to solve
them In peace and honor. But our people In
iess than forty years, with little help and
ympathy from any source, have almost solved
the one. and, if let undisturbed, are hopeful
of the other.
On the supreme question which touches our
racial integrity and supremacy let us give alt
mankind to understand that there will ba
neither compromise nor the shadow of turning,
and that the white peoplo of the South must
and will preserve that civilization which has
made them as a race and people strong and
great. Let us with patience bide our time,
and if the issue upon these questions comes,
and I pray God It may not come, then let ua
calmly and with dignity and firmness stand
upon our constitutional rights and demand
that whatever Is meted to us shall be given
in like tenor and effect to all other sections
of our country.
ARRESTED FOR AIDING
IN SUICIDE OF A GIRL
Man in Custody Who Formed Pact
With Woman and Then Backed
Out.
MILWAUKEE, Jan. 24.—Arthur
Henry Milligan. alias E. S. Terry, alias
Arthur Henry Smith, alias Arthur
Henry Brown, with whom Florence Q.
Groves agreed to commit suicide at the
Hotel Blatz and who backed out after
she had fulfilled her agreement on
Monday morning, was arrested in Ra
cine to-night, accused of aiding a sui
cide, and brought back to Milwaukee.
Milligan said that Florence Groves
tc.ok carbolic acid in his presence at
the hotel after she had made three at
tempts to kill herself.
Milligan was not married to her.
The couple left the Groves residence
in Chicago and eloped with the inten
tion of marrying, but lack of time pre
vented the currying out of the plans.
"Every day that we were at the ho
tel." said Millieran, "we planned to
kill ourselves. Finally we set Mon
day morning as the date. I didn't
have the nerve to follow her."
TALENTED GIRL DIES.
Former San Jose Belle Passes Away
in Philadelphia.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 24.—Miss Birdie Ash
more, a former well-known young so
ciety favorite of this city, died suddenly
in Philadelphia tx»-day of heart dis
ease. She was the daughter of Mrs.
M.J. Ashmore of this city. Her father
for a number of years was County
Clerk of Santa Clara County. The de
ceased was a very beautiful girl, and
prominent in musical circles. For a
number of years she was a teacher in
the city schools.
A few years ago Miss Ashmore went
to Manila with her sister. She was in
the school department there for some
time. Later she returned to Califor
nia, and then went to Philadelphia to
study music.
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
Weil-Known Business Man Answers)
Last Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24.—Rufus L. Hi«
gins, a pioneer resident of Santa Clara
and one of the best known In this
county, died suddenly to-night at his
home in Santa Clara. He had been ail
ing for a few days. Death is supposed
to have resulted from heart disease.
Higgins was a native of Maine and
61 years of age. A widow and two chil
dren survive him.
34
FIGHT OVER YOSEMITE VALLEY STARTS
RECESSIONISTS AND THEIR OPPONENTS LINE
UP AID EXCHANGE ORATORICAL SHOTS.
Senator Belshaw Leads
Party Whose Cry
lls "Recede."
Warm Time Promised
Before the Question
Is Decided.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 24.—Warm
timeß are ahead. The fight in the Sen
ate for and against the re-cession of
the Yosemite Valley and the Mariposa
Big Tree Grove has developed into a
political combat with Senator J. B.
Curtln, a Democrat, leader of the anti
re-cession forces. Opposed to him on
the floor are several of the Influential
Republican members of the upper
House, led by Belshaw of Antioch.
• Belshaw'* forces have the unqualified
support of the State administration
and the moral backing of the Federal
Government, a fact made clear by
President Roosevelt in his last message
to Congress, in which he said that
Yosemite should be included in the
great park system of the United States.
The desires of the Federal Govern
ment, however, are not weighing heav
ily in the fight. Sentiment, though it
is still railed at by the opponents of
the bill, has been abandoned and closer
attention is being paid to the prac
tical theory of "Trade," a legislative
scheme that has inflicted more bills
upon the people than all the genius of
oratory. Lined up with Curtin are
Senators Wolfe of San Francisco, Sel
vage of Eureka, Shortridge of San
Jose and Ralston of Melones. There
are others, of course, but these are the
orators of the opposition. And they
«,11 have bills before the Senate that
must come before the Assembly, where,
it is said, the majority stands for re
cession.
Frowns that come from those Sena
tors that are known to enjoy the con
fidence of the chief executive of the
State often follow the scoring of a
point by the anti re-cessionists. But
they are hammering ahead just the
same, regardless of consequences to
come and if these consequences do fall
upon them there will be a busy hour
in Sacramento.
"If they try to force us," said one
of the anti re-cessionists to-night, "we
will leave a page in Sacramento's his
tory that will stand out above them
all. The riots of St. Petersburg won't
be a circumstance to the row we'll
kick up."
BELSHAW FAVORS BILL.
Senator Belshaw was the first to
address the Senate on behalf of re
cession. He said in part:
California, doc* not own the valley, and mere
ly holds it as trustee of the national Govern
ment. Hence the question of sentiment that
has been raised here is eliminated.
What has California done for the valley?
In forty years it has expended but little over
$400,000. or $10,000 a year, and the fact stands
to-day that it will take $100,000 to put the
roads In proper condition. A bill is before this
house now which provides for the appropria
tion of $300,000 for the construction of a hotel.
All of these things are needed, but the fact
stands that California at this time is not in
a position to expend these large sums. The
Government Is able and will expend these sums
If the divided Jurisdiction now existing ia wiped
away and the Government is given full title.
We have a park of our own. the Big Basin,
and it needs all the money California can spare
. for park purposes. Let us permit the improve
ment Of the valley. There is but one way: re
cede X to the Government of the United States.
Senator Ralston followed Belshaw,
'speaking against recession. He said
that while the claim had been made
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOU CAN INTEREST HIM.
Any Man Over Fifty.
You can Interest any man over fifty
years of age In anything that will
male him feel better, because while he
may not as yet have any positive or
ganic disease he no longer feels the
buoyancy and vigor of twenty-five nor
the freedom from, aches and pains he
enjoyed in earlier years, and he very
naturally examines with interest any
proposition looking to the improvement
and preservation of his health.
He will notice among other things
that the stomach of fifty is a very dif
ferent one from the stomach he pos
sessed at twenty-five. That greatest
care must be exercised as to what is
eaten and how much of it, and even
wtth the best of care there will be in
creasing digestive weakness with ad
vancing years.
A proposition to perfect or improve
the digestion and assimilation of food
is one which interests not only every
man of fifty, but every man, woman
and child of any age. because the
whole secret of good health, good blood,
strong nerves, Is to have a stomach
which will promptly and thoroughly di
gest wholesome food, because blood,
nerves, brain tissue and every other
constitutent of the body are entirely
the product of digestion, and no medi
cine or "health" food can possibly cre
ate pure blood or restore shaky nerves
when a weak stomach is replenishing
the dally wear and tear of the body
from a mass of fermenting half-digest
ed food.
' No, the stomach itself; wants help
•and in no round-about way, either; it
wants direct, unmistakable assistance,
-Such as is given by one or two Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets after each meal.
These tablets cure stomach trouble,
(because their use gives the stomach a
; chance to rest and recuperate; one of
jjStuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contains di
gestive elements sufficient to digest
SOOD grains of ordinary food, such as
bread, meat, eggs, etc.
[ The plan of dieting is simply andther
name tor starvation, and the use of
prepared foods and new-fangled break
past foods simply, makes matters
Svorse, as any dyspeptic who has tried
them knows.
IT As Dr. Bennett says, the only reason
I can imagine why Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are not universally used
iverybody who is troubled in any way'
vith poor digestion is because many
jeople seem to think that because a
nediclne is advertised or is sold in drug
itores or is protected by a trade mark
r.trst be a humbug, whereas as a met
ier of tram any druggist who is eb
rervant knows that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets have cured .more people" of $n
llgestion, heart burn, heart trouble,
lervous prostration and run-down con
lltion generally than all the patent
nedleines and doctors' prescriptions
)rv stomach trouble cbmbined. »
*■ " * • ' ' m
LEADER OF THE FORCES IN THE SE NATE THAT FAVOR THE PASSAGE OF
THE YOSEMITE VALLEY RE-CESSION HILL AND A SENATOR WHO WANTS
PARK TO REMAIN IN CALIFORNIA'S POSSESSION.
that sentiment should have nothing to
do with the question he held a con
trary opinion. It was sentiment, he
concluded, that had established many
of the greatest institutions of the
State and the nation and when
the hour arrived when sentiment
should no longer prevail it would be
a dark hour for the people.
Senator Charles M. Shortridge had
received a petition signed by many in
fluential societies, institutions and cit
izens of his district asking that he
support the bill for recession. A note
on the bottom of the petition, saying
that it had been procured in an hour,
aroused the Senator's .suspicion, how
ever, and while he indirectly opposed
the measure with all his logic and
oratory he took advantage of the oc
casion to roast without restraint his
constituent that should dare to get
so speedy as to procure a petition in
an hour. In talking against the bill
Shortridge ran the gamut of history
from the day Webster replied to
Hayne on the rights of States and
wound up with a blaze of metaphor
that entwined -in his rhetoric the
golden sands, the golden sun. the
golden poppy and the golden haired
maids of the West, all of which, he
said, cry out against recession and he
stands with them.
Senator Hahn spoke in favor of the
measure, closing the morning session.
WOLFE TAKES FLOOR, .
Wolfe opened the afternoon session,
speaking against the bill. He raised
the point that the Legislature cannot
constitutionally re-cede the valley, for
it was a gift to the State in trust and
the question of re-cession must be sub
mitted to the people at the polls for
decision. He would not for one, he
said, confess that California was too
poor to properly maintain the Yosemite
and hence he was unalterably opposed
to the bill.
Selvage followed Wolfe, presenting
an argument against re-cession, senti
ment not being overlooked by him.
Senator Irish of Downieville followed
in favor of the bill and he placed a
.new construction on the sentiment
question that won the first applause of
the day. In part he said:
As chairman of the committee of which a
majority reported in favor of this bill, I be
lieve 1 should give you the views that caused
us to recommend it for passage. We reached
the conclusion that the Government at Wash
ington, the Government of the- people, for
the people and by the people, Is the
greatest Government on earth, and that all
the blessings we enjoy wa receive either di
rectly or indirectly from tfrat Government. We
believe that the head of this Government is at
Washington, not at Sacramento, and we resent
the imputation that the Government at Wash
ington would take any action that would be
Incompatible with our interaata. We owe alle-
Sience first to the United States of America,
•econd to California, and this question of senti
ment finds small favor with us. We know that
if the Yosemite Valley is re-ceded It will not
be taken from Us: that It will still be located
within the confines of our glorious State. But
we feel that the greater wealth of the United
States will permit the quicker developmnt of
the proposed Improvements that every man In
California would like to see Installed in the
valley.
Senator Curtln closed the day's de
bate. He used the same argument
against the re-cession bill he advanced
on the day the question was argued
in committee. He grilled the military
rule of government reservation and
closed his argument with quotations of
law •he said would prevent the State
receding the valley. But if they are
set aside without right, he concluded,
title to lands now vested in private
owners in the valley will fall and great
injustice will be done.
At the conclusion of his argument
Coggins m,oved that the discussion of
the bill go over for a week. Belshaw
seconded the motion and -on roll call
It carried. Within the week to come
before the bill is taken up there is
going to be some politics done. The
result will be awaited with Interest.
The bill will come up on special order
on February 2.
After the debate on the bill to re
cede the Yoaenlite to the National Gov
ernment the Senate took up Its regular
order of business. The joint Assembly
resolution memorializing California's
representatives in Congress to work
for the passage of a bill to reimburse
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 25, 1005.
Frank A. Leach, Superintendent of the
San Francisco Mint, for $25,000 that he
was compelled to pay the Government
because of the thefts of employes, was
unanimously passed. A number of
bills were introduced, and at 5 o'clock
the Senate adjourned till 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
CHARTER AMENDMENTS.
I.os Angeles Measure Still in Hands
of Committee.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 24.—The Los
Angeles charter amendments, six in
number, that were voted by the peo
ple of that city, are still before the
Committee on Municipal Corporations,
Beardslee chairman, where they have
been almost from the opening of the
session. The one providing that no
franchise shall be granted in Los An
geles for a period of more than twenty
one years is keeping them all from
adoption. There is such a strong cor
poration opposition to the one named
that it is feared all will be defeated if
they are presented for passage in one
measure, as the law provides must be
done. '
COOLIE FRUIT PACKERS.
Bill to Discourage Their Employment
to Be Introduced.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 24.—Upon de
mand of his constituents, Assembly
man Duryea of Placer will introduce a
bill making it a misdemeanor to fail
| to place on any package of frtrlt for the
I market a label stating whether it was
j packed by white or Asiatic hrbor. It
I is thought this will discourage the em
ployment of Chinese or Japanese in
j the packing of fruit, as members of
I labor unions will use only that handled
Iby whites.
SINGS MELODIES OLD AND
NEW IN CHARMING FASHION
Miss Ingeborg Resch-Pcttersen Gives
Interesting Concert to Enthusiastic
Lyric Hall Audience.
The song recital of Miss Ingeborg
Resch-Pettersen attracted an enthu
siastic audience to Lyric Hall last
night The fafr cantatrice was in fine
voice and rendered a efiversifled selec
! tion of songs to the approval of her
i auditors.
! Herr Hans Konig played solos on
L the violin with much sympathy and
] expression and Fr. Maurer was at the
I piano.
j Following was the programme:
Part 1, modern Scandinavian songs—"Maria
Gnadenmutter" (Chr. Binding); "Varen" <E4w.
! Grieg); "Kveldsang til Blakken"; "Efterar"
i (Lange Mulkr); "Fylgia" (Wllh Stenhammer).
Part 2—Violin solo. Concerto G minor (Max
Bi-uch). Hr. Hri.s Konig; aria, "Creation"
(Haydn).
Part 3, modern German and English songs—
"Am Meer" (F. Shubert); "Fruhllngszelt"
(Heinrich Sehnell); "A Barque at Midnight"
(Frank Lambert); "A Norwegian Song"
(George Aaplnall).
Part 4—Violin aria . (Bach); "Ziguener
weisen" (P. J. Sarasate). Hr. Hans Konig;
ancient Norwegian and Swedish songs.
Pictures of St. Louis Exposition.
The pictures in natural colors il
lustrating James W. Erwin's lecture
on the "Greatest of World's Fairs' 1 at
the Alhambra Theater next Thursday
evening are probably the finest col
ored slides ever shown on the coast.
The lecture teems with interesting de
tails of the wonderful St Louis Ex
position, while the pictures present
realistic views to those who could not
visit the fair and will renew past
pleasures for those who were there.
Charged With Embezzlement.
R. J. Schwab was arrested yesterday
at Palo Alto, brought to this city
and lodged in Jail, charged with mis
demeanor embezzlement. He Is ac
cused by H. D. Perrin, agent of the
Washington Life Insurance Company,
with collecting a premium of $25 on
a policy, which he has not accounted
for to the company.
DISCUSS MERITS
OF VACCINATION
Opponents of Practice Ap
pear Before Committees on
Public Health at Capitol
»
CHILDBEN EXHIBITED
•
Use of Vaccine Indorsed by
Two Physicians Who Are
Members of Upper House
»
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 24. —The Sen
ate and Assembly committees on
Public Health and Quarantine met in
the Senate chamber of the Capitol to
night to discuss Senator Frank Lea
vitt's bill, which repeals the present
compulsory vaccination law of the
State Board of Health. This law
makes vaccination a prerequisite for
admission into the public schools of
the State. The members of the Anti-
Vaccination League were present in
force to present their arguments in
favor of the Leavitt bill. The speak
ers for the league were Dr. W. W.
Allen, president of the Berkeley Board
of Education; Dr. J. U. Oberg of
Berkeley, Mrs. Campbell of Berkeley,
Professor J. Eicher of Oakland, J. S.
Wilson of Berkeley, Cs E. Kinard of
Oakland, Mrs. H. F. Hoffman of
Berkeley, and Wilbur Wulker, secrer
tary of the Merchants' Exchange of
Oakland.
Walker stated that one of his chil
dren died as the result of vaccination,
and Mrs. Hoffman brought one of her
five children into the Senate chamber
to show the effect that vaccination had
produced "on the child's skin. She
said that all her other children who
had been vaccinated in compliance,
with the present law were affected in
the same way.
J. S. Wilson made the principal
speech against the compulsory law.
He presented a great array of statis
tics intended to prove that vaccina
tion was not a preventive of smallpox,
and that it often caused the death of
the persons inoculated.
Senators J. A. McKee of Sacramento
and Chester Roweil of Fresno, both
practicing physicians and both menu
bers of the Public Health and Quar
antine Committee, replied to the anti
vaccinationists and upheld the pres
ent law. They declared that vaccina
tion was harmless and that as a result
of its discovery smallpox was dying
out all over the world.
The committee will hold another
meeting for the further consideration
of the arguments for and against
Senator Leavitt's bill.
LOSES THREE MORE VOTES.
Election of Niedringhaus to the Senate
Now Seems Improbable.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Jan. 24.—
In joint session to-day, Thomas *K.
! Niedringhaus, the Republican caucus
nominee for United States Senator, lost
three votes, which were given to R. C.
Kerens. The ballot stood: Niedring
haus, 78; Cockrell, 81; Kerens, 12;
Goodrich, 1. Necessary to election, 88.
J. E. Goodrich of Kansas City, who
received one vote, is a Kerens man.
He was not allowed to speak at yester
day's meeting of the Republican State
Committee.
To-day's blow at Niedringhaus was
the most serious yet received, and the
belief was expressed that he could not
now win.
PERSONAL.
F. G. Stanley of Denver is at the
Grand.
G. R. Thompson and wife are at the
Palace.
Judge J. M. Mannon of Ukiah is at
the Lick.
A. L. Shinn, a Sacramento attorney,
is at the Grand.
Joseph Durfee of Marysville is reg
istered at the Dick.
Former State Senator A. F. Jones
of Oroville Is at the Palace.
George W. Tattinson of the Stockton
Woolen Mills is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Hauck of Green
Castle, Ind., are guests at the Cali
fornia.
George W. Wilson, one of Vallejo's
prominent citizens, is registered at the
Grand.
Parke Godwin, a well known at
torney of Omaha, and wife are at the
Palace.
Rev. H. S. Hanson of Fresno and
Rev. Nelson Saunders of Merced aiffe
staying at the Occidental.
F. B. Hixon of La Crosse and Martin
Alexander of Wausau, well-known
Wisconsin lumber men, arrived at the
St. Francis yesterday.
Freeman Ford, secretary of the Pot
ter Hotel Company, who was recent
ly married to Miss Grace Guyer of
Pasadena, arrived here yesterday from
the south with his bride. They are
staying at the St. Francis.
Henry E. Dosch, commissioner gen
eral of exhibits and director of the
Lewis-Clark exposition, is at the Pal
ace. He has come to San Francisco
to confer with the Chinese Consul Gen
eral regarding .the proposed Chinese
exhibit at the fair.
G. E. Beekmar., representing a prom
inent excursion company of Boston,
and his wife, are at the St. Francis.
Beekman is. here in. connection with a
plah to bring a large number of New
Englanders to California during the
period of the Lewis-Clark exposition In
Portland.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace was a party composed of H.
B. Bpencer of St. Louis, general man
ager of the St. Louis-Louisville
branches of the Southern Railway,
and his wife; Miss Ethel Humphrey
and Miss Emily Hussey of Louisville
md S. H. Hardwlck of Washington,
general passenger agent of the South
ern Railway. The party Is making a
pleasure tour of the coast.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.—The follow
ing Callfornians arrived in New York
to-day: From San Francisco —W. R.
Landrnm, at the Hoffman; J. G. Ne
pave and wife, at the Grand Union;
A. Hamburger, at the Albert; Mrs.
J. S. Surney, at the Westminster.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.—The fol
lowing arrived here to
day:
At the New Willard—A. Meyer and
wife of Los Angeles.
The physician finds it more lucrative
to practice than to preach.
INCREASED PAY
FOR JUSTICES
Proposed Election Law Faulty
Measure Drafted by San Francisco's
Registrar Contains a "Bug."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4.—The Assem
bly got well into the final passage of
bills to-day, and quite a number of
measures, most of them of minor im
portance, ended their career before
that house. Among the bills passed
was the one increasing the salary of
the Justices of the Peace of San Fran
cisco, that exempting certain persons
from jury duty and those relating to
the new Court of Appeals and Its offi
cers. A bill from tile Registrar's office
of San Francisco amending the section
of the election law relating to the
counting of ballots was re-referred to
the Committee on Election Laws, as
what was considered a "bug" of seri
ous proportions was discovered in it.
The importance of the Democratic
minority in the House was established
by one of its members, Jones of Tuo
lumne, and the four Bourbor.s are
wearing enlarged chests in conse
quence. Owing to the early hour of
convening, and the fact that many
members are away on junkets, there
were only forty-three Assemblymen
present, and Jones, having important
business outside, asked to be excused
for the morning session. Stanton ob
jected, saying there were barely
enuogh members present, as It was,
for the passage of bills. Jones then
made the motion that he be excused,
and it was beaten by a viva voce vote.
Jones of Tuolumne had proved himself
indispensable.
When Assembly bill 120, amending
the election law providing for the
counting of ballots by merely provid
ing that the ballots shall be counted
by the election officers and the num
ber compared with that shown by the
tally sheet, but leaving off the provi
sion in the present law that the offi
cers shall place their initials on the
back of all ballots In order to identify
them, was read for ( flnar passage,
Treadwell called attention to the omis
sion and objected to the passage of the
bill without the provision providing for
identification.
Assemblyman Atkinson, who intro
duced the measure, along with others
given him by the Registrar, said he
had had no time to examine them, but
had presented them by request. He at
once agreed that the one in question
be sent back to the committee for the
insertion of the identification provi
McGowan is the first of the junketers
to return. He dropped into the Assem
bly to-day, though the tourists are not
due until the end of the week, just in
time to speak on the measure provid
ing for the increase in the salaries of
the San Francisco Justices of the
Peace.
"The Justices' offices are self-sup
porting and a great amount of business
is handled by the incumbents," said
McGowan. "The Justices are entitled
to the increase."
There was no opposition, the measure
being local to the metropolis, and it
was finally passed.
Assembly bill 69, by Waste, amend-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vladimir f
De
2s Pianola fMw I
B. "I have heard many piano-playing attachments, but the Pianola is the only one which ||
B can be considered really musical. j
BB "None but a great artist could play with such delicacy or power. I wish to add my tes-
En timony as to its excellence, both for professional use in reading elaborate piano compositions
Ps and for private use in educating the musical tastes of people who havt pianos and are unable
n to use them for want of a thorough musical training. I am astonished at the possibilitcs tSj
of the Pianola, whose playing has the characteristics of the work of human fingers." *w
I "The Standard Piano Player of the World" 1
Hj The Pianola is the only piano player which con- |j|
|B ■ SkflH other piano player contains anything even ;j|
Bf approximating the Metrostyle. It is the only device pj|
M We* sell the Metrostyle Pianola at the same
flf price charged for other piano players. Monthly . ||j
MM The Pianola can be attached to any piano, and any person can play it; and, with the f§H
IB aid of the Metrostyle. he can play any piece, however classical or difficult, with the same ex- 3|
■■ pression as do the great artists. gig
IB Come in and hear the Pianola perform any piece you like. Try the new Metrostyle Wa
IB device yourself. It will prove the truth of our every claim. fiS
|3 Exclusive Agents San Francisco and Vicinity. E3 '
I KOHLER. ®> CHASE I
fl (The Largest Music House on the Coast.) P|
■ CORNER POST AMD KEARNY STREETS H
■ ■
i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
lng the act relating to persons exempt
from service on juries so it will include
telephone officials and employes, as
well as those of telegraph companies,
clerks, stenographers and secretaries of
law offices and railroad brakemen and
motormen, was opposed by Chandler
of Fresno. "This bill simply exempts
more people from service as jurors," he
said. "There are too many on the ex
empt list now."
Chandler's opposition did not pre
vent the passage of the bill.
Among the important bills recom
mended passed by committees were
those providing for roads along the
Kings River and from Kern to Los
Angeles County, and that providing for
a commission to act in conjunction
with the Federal Government in inves
tigating the State's water resources
and providing the best methods of pre
serving the forests strengthening those
resources.
An adjournment was taken until 2:30
o'clock.
The feature of the afternoon session
of the Assembly was the fight over the
final passage of the bill providing that
all graduates of the University of
Southern California should be admit
ted to practice law on their diplomas.
The opposition was led by Coghlan
and the champion of the bill was
Houser. Goodrich, Manwell and Coyle
also spoke for It and Drew against it.
So warm was the opposition that
Houser was compelled to withdraw the
bill for the present, a vote on motion
of Coghlan that It be referred back to
a committee of five to look into the
character and standing of the college
developing fourteen votes, though lost.
"If we grant this privilege," said
Coghian, "at the next session there will
be twenty or thirty more small colleges
asking it. The University of California
is the only one that has had this high
honor conferred on it in this State.
Stanford, which is the equal of any
college In the world, has never been so
honored."
i "The Southern California Law Col-
I lege is as large as that of Dartmouth
ior Williams," said Goodrich, "and has
i professors equal to any in the coun
try."
"My sentiment ang sympathies are
! with the University of Southern Cali
; fornla," said Drew, "I am a contributor
:to its support I know its high
1 standing, but I think the granting of
I this honor would be ill advised. The
University of California is a State In
stitution and such privileges should
i rest with it alone."
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 24.—The Assembly
Committee on Buildings and Grounds
arrived here to-night, after having vis
ited the Los Angeles Normal School to
day. In the morning the committee
will visit the San Diego Normal School,
for which an appropritaion of $10,000
has been asked for. The members will
leave for San Luis Obispo to-morrow,
going thence to San Jose and San
Francisco.
Junketers in San Diego.
PATRONAGE ROW
IN COMMITTEE
Bill Providing Attaches for
New Court of Appeals Dis
pleases a Few Senators
AMENDMENT IS FAVORED
»
Report Opposing Abolish
ment of Assistant Clerk's
Office Is Made by Solons
, Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 24.—There la a
fight on in committee against the bill
providing for the attaches of the new
Court of Appeals. The lill as originally
introduced provides for the appoint
ment for each court of a chief clerk at
$2400 per annum, a stenographer at
$1800, an assistant clerk at $1200 and
a bailiff at $1200.
A majority of the Senate Committee
to which the bill was referred said
that it could see no reason for an as
sistant clerk and voted to report to
the Senate that the bill be amended
so as to consolidate the offices of sten
ographer and assistant clerk at tha
salary provided in the bill for tha
stenographer, and do away with the
assistant clerk. When the report of
the committee was made to Senate to
day, however," a motion that It be re
referred was carried and the commit
tee will again struggle over the ques
tion. _
STATE FEDERATION OF LABOR
OBJECTS TO DISCRIMINATION
Claims That Cheap Places of Amuse
ment Are Patronized by Majority
of Working People.
At a meeting of the executive com
mittee of the State Federation of La>.
bor held yesterday resolutions were
adopted condemning the recent acts of
the present Grand Jury in recom
mending the closing of certain cheap
placies of amusement in this city. In
addition to shutting out several union
mechanics and musicians from their
legitimate avocations, the movement
assumes the phase of depriving the
common working people of cheap
amusement.
Preparations on an extensive scale
are being made by the combined local
unions affiliated with the butchers'
branches -for the annual ball to be
given on Thursday night, February 2.
at Carmen's Hall, 310 O'Farrell street.
The last of the sub-unions affiliated
with the parent union, No. 116, and
known as Branch 1, Meat Cutters'
and Drivers' Union, elected the follow
ing officers for the ensuing six months:
Chairman, George B. Golden; vice
chairman. Charles Wenk; guide, A. F.
Hooper; guardian. Dennis F. Vasseur;
sergeant at arms. Andy Schnui/ke;
delegates to the joint executive board
—Chris Hillard. A. Piltz.
TRUST OETS FINAL PAPERS.—A deed
was recorded yesterday showing the convey
ance by George R. Sheldon of New Yofti to th«-
Union Iron Works of this city all the yarda.
docks, plant, real estate and property for
merly owned by the corporation In the State of
California and afterward sold to the ship
building trust. The property la the same as
that conveyed to Sheldon by James Smith Jr.
as special master of the Circuit Court of New
Jersey and receiver of the United States Ship
building Company on January 10. 1908.GENIUS SHINES IN
CREATORE'S
BIG BAND.
FAMOTJS BANDMASTER WHO
WILL, GIVE) A SERIES OF CON
CERTS AT THE ALHAMBRA.
An unusual and attractive person
ality has Creatore, who, with his Ital
. lam band, will appear in concert at the
Alhambra Theater all next week. Cre
ator's physiognomy is strikingly
distinctive. He has the head and gen- |
oral appearance of a poet. This, how- :
ever, is corrected, in a measure, by his I
Roman nose, which denotes the good j
generalship which he exercises over
his phalanx of carefully selected mv- |
slcfans. His demeanor is studious,
with rather more than a tinge of mel
ancholy, and this dominates his ex
• pression at almost all times.
••' No one who has ever once seen a
photograph or lithograph of Creatore ;
can ever after fail to identify the orig- j
Inal in any public place or gathering.
• Creatore has a very even disposition, j
and is the soul of Justice in matters
of right and wrong, especially where I
his musicians are concerned. While to j
Lhem he is always a strict disciplin- '
arian, he is, nevertheless, ever alert
to protect their rights against all \
comers. In this regard he shows no i
.favoritism, treating all with equal j
courtesy and justice. To Creatore one I
member of his band is as good as an
other, while to them his word is law. |
The favorable result of this successful
admixture of discipline and _ fairness
becomes apparent the moment Cre- !
atore takes his baton in hand, and i
■ thosje who attend his concerts reap |
the benefit in the form of such music ;
as Creatore and his men can alone pro- ■
dace. %
Denies Writs of Mandate.
The Supreme Court yesterday de- i
hied R. H. Countryman's petition that
the Superior Court be compelled to !
< onsider the contest instituted by him
against certaia members of the Dar
. bee-Immel Oyster Company for a seat
on the board of directors. The court
also denied T. A. and I. T. Finnell's
petition that Judge Melvin of Oakland
be restrained from dismissing an ap
peal from a Justice's court judgment
against the petitioners.
Seismograph Is Coming.
Professor McAdle of the Weather
Bureau announces that his superiors at
the national capital have promised to
-.furnish him a seismograph. The kind
of instrument for which he made a
special request will record the move
ments of the smallest earthquakes do
ing business in the vicinity of San
Francisco. The seismograph will be
pieced on Mount Tamalpais.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Delay
Xa keeping - social or business engage
msnta caused by nervous or sick head
ache, or other pains or aches by those
who have learned the merits of Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills. They simply take a tab
let when the symptoms appear, and they
are quickly dispelled. In fact
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills
will prevent, and also cure, all pains of
every nature, and are absolutely harm
less. The soothing Influence upon the
nerves and muscles quiet and refresh the
irritated conditions.
"Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills always cure
my headache, and the beauty of it Is, It
costs such a trifle. I am glad there Is
such a remedy for people who must
work, sick or well. Headaches never pre
vent me from keeping my engagements."
—MRS. Q. N. GRIFFITH, Santa Ana,
Csi.
The first package will benefit. If not,
the druggist will return your money.
16 doses, 25 cents. Never sold In bulk.
W w
A. P. HOTALING (8b CO.,
429-43? Jackson St.. S. T.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
, S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA
• tor and Ntrviue.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
'iVuic lor the Sexual Organs, tor both aexea.
Tha Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha
KiUneya ana iiladder. sells on Its own inerita.
NABKH, ALf'S & SKL7NE. AK*nts.
Q SS> Maakxt at., 6. 9V—(£e&d for Circular*.)
PERKINS WIELDS
SENATE GAVEL.
. •
Serves During Frye's Absence
. i
Suggestion Made That California
Should Grow Pineapples.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24. —Senator
Perkins is presiding officer of the Sen
ate and has been for some weeks.
President Pro Tern. Frye has long been I
in the habit of calling the Californian j
to the chair whenever he himself j
wished to vacate for a time, and so I
when Senator Frye took sick the place |
fell naturally to Senator Perkins. As
the days ran on there came bills to
be signed. Senator Perkins declined
to assume that function. But other
days passed and other bills piled up
ready to go to the President or to the
House, and so the Senate passed a
resolution authorizing Senator Perkins
to sign and make the bills good. So
he has since then been virtually
President of the Senate and as such
has certified to the Presidential re
turns from a number of the States.
And there -are none to say that the
business of the most distinguished leg
islative body in tfte world does not
move as smoothly and correctly under
his guidance as at any time in its his
tory.
Senator Perkins spent the Christ
mas recess in Florida. He had a curi
osity about it as being the only State
in the Union he had not visited. He
found a good many things much as
they are represented on the bills, but
he says "Pshaw!" when you speak of
comparisons with California. The ho
tels and the price per day are big and
fine, but for the rest, "well, Califor
nians don't know what they've got.
"I always feel that way when I
visit places that bear big reputations
along our own lines —for fruit, nuts,
olives, wines and the like. I've been to
Spalh, Italy, Greece and the islands of
the Mediterranean, but in every case I
go back to California satisfied that
they have little to show us. When 1
say that I, of course, take into account
the difference in age and put some
what into the balance on our side our
great stretch of fertile lands and the
energy and purpose of our people. In
very many things we have distanced
the old countries in the very products
that have made them famous. Still
there are things that we have not
done that we can do and that we will
do. We are moving rapidly and we
have almost unlimited opportunity.
"If Florida had our energy she too
could do much that she has not done.
For modern progress the State is in
debted almost to one man alone. The
negro as a laborer is a lazy and shift
less quantity and nothing very rapid
can be expected where he is greatly
depended upon. But yet Florida has
something to teach us. It is how and
why to grow the pineapple. That is an
easy thing to do, it appears, and they
tell me it yields a value of 5400 per
acre. Why it has not been grown,in
California I do not understand. The
eastern portions of San Diego, River
side and San Bernardino counties are
peculiarly adapted for the crop. The
pineapple is more of an air than an
earth plant. It grows in sand and re
quires very little water. It also re
quires but little attention, which is one
reason, no doubt, that it is so popular
down in Florida. However, that should
not be an objection anywhere."
Senator Perkins says this little ex
cursion was the first bit of recreation
he has taken in many years. During
the twelve years he has represented
California in the upper house he has
been absent from his seat but twice
while the Senate was in session and
then he was sick.
• • •
In the matter of drydocks, because
of the failure of contractors in more
places than San Francisco, the Gov
ernment is suffering a handicap. Only
at Brooklyn, of all the navy yards of
the nation, is there a dock of suf
ficient size to admit a battleship. And
because there are several battleships
undergoing repairs and which will have
to be docked for one reason or another,
the demand is much larger than the
supply. It will thus be seen that the
regivlng of the contract at Mare Island
was none too hurried.
In the long stretch of the Pacific
Coast from San Diego to Point Bar
row, there are two navy yards. That
at Mare Island is to be equipped at
once with a drydock capable of re
ceiving the largest battleship and also,
it is hoped and believed by the Cali
fornia delegation, despite the opposition
manifested in the Bureau of Construc
tion, with cranes and tools fitting It for
building as well as repairing. This is
recognised as a necessity. On the At
lantic Coast within the distance repre
sented on the Pacific Coast by Puget
Sound and Mare Island, there are seven
navy yards. These facts plead for
the most liberal treatment at the hands
of Congress for the Pacific Coast and
Its two navy yards.
• * •
The growth and popularity of the
Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks Is said to threaten the existence
of the magnificent animal from which
it gets its name, so far at least as the
State of Washington Is concerned. In
cidentally the slaughter that annually
takes place there In the Olympic
forest reserve robs Senator Foster of a
good deal of the Joy of living that
ought to be his. stream of
petitions and protests pours in upon
him complaining that hunters go into
the Olympic Mountains weeks before
the law gives them the right and that
they kill elk In great numbers only to
secure their teeth. Where the antlers
are good they take the head. Such
has been the wholesale killing this
year, it is said, that another such sea
son wl!l see the end of the elk. Sena
tor Foster has sought the aid of the
Secretary of Agriculture and of the
Secretary of the Interior, but both de
clare themesleves helpless. Secretary
Wilson advises the State of Washing
! ton to enforce her game laws, pro
tect male as well as female elk for a
! period of years, prohibit the sale of
teeth and heads and to provide an ef
fective warden system if she would
prevent the extinction of the animal.
The nation, he says, lack Jurisdiction.
• • »
Senator Foster of Washington, who
takes a lively Interest in the salmon
fishing industry of the Pacific Coast,
has been informed by Commissioner
Bowers of the Bureau of Fisheries
that artificial propagation is exerting
a very remarkable influence on the
supply of salmon, as is* instanced by
the fact that in 1896 6000 marked
fingerllng salmon were released from
the Clackamas (Oregon) hatchery and
of these during 1898, 1899 and 1900
hundreds were caught by the Wash
ington. Oregon and California fisher
ies. The weight of the recaptured fish
was about 10,000 pounds and their
market value, estimated at 5 cents a
pound, was $500. For every thousand
S. W. WALL
wlmon hatched and planted by the
bureau fishermen are catching 2000
pounds of adult salmon for the mar
ket. As the entire expense of this ,
work to the Government is shown to
be under $1 per thousand fish planted.
Bowers' estimates that salmon culture
Is yielding an enormous profit. If the
average results are but one-tenth those
indicated, he says, the bureau's oper
ations give an actual money return of i
1000 per cent per annum.
* • •
"Beneficial use" has come to be a
frequently used term in the talk of the
Reclamation Bureau touching the
question of the diversion of waters for
irrigation purposes. "Beneficial use,"
says the Secretary of the Interior in a
recent report to Congress touching the
Colorado River schemes, "should be
the basis measure and limit" under
which individuals or corporations may
ask or Congress should grant the right
to use waters of navigable streams.
The diversion of water upon land for
the purpose of irrigation is not
enough, it will be seen. The diver
sion must be upon land of a character
which it is known will respond with
profitable crops when so watered.
The inference is that all the land upon
which water, money and effort have
been expended is not of that charac
ter. Some of it is so heavily charged
with alkali that the water will not re
deem it.
In regard to the Colorado River the
report says, with its great fluctuations,
its flood In spring dwindling to a
thread of water in the fall, only by
the comprehensive plans of the
ernment, involving the building of
great and expensive reservoirs, can its
waters be properly conserved and any
considerable area be irrigated whiie
the navigability of the river is still
maintained. With the Government
plans carried out some 2.000,000
acres may be irrigated. It is declared
to be manifestly improper to permit
further appropriations by individuals
and corporations, as such make the
work of the Government more and
more difficult. Appropriations al
ready made, It is said, should be recv
ognized as "limited to the extent that
water has aclhally been diverted and
beneficially used upon land capable
of producing remunerative crops."
* » •
The so-called Klamath project is
esteemed by the Reclamation Bureau
as one of the most feasible of all the
reclamation schemes its engineers are
working out. The reason first asv
signed is that it will return more for
the money. But even an engineer
will lean to a picturesque feature In
his business. This scheme will first !
create a desert and then redeem it. It
will throw away an abundance of wa
ter, drain two or three lakes to get at
the tillable soil beneath, which it will
water from another lake higher up.
By draining Tule Lake 100,000 acres
will be uncovered. Lower Klamath
Lake will release 25,000 more. Then
there is a bog area to be drained,
embracing about 80,000 acres. About
120.000 acres of valley land is in
cluded in the scheme. All this is to be
watered by the proper disposition of
the waters of Upper Klamath Lake, a
body of water covering a surface
area of about 70,000 acres. This
scheme necessitates legislative action
on the part of the national Govern
ment and the States of California and
Oregon, the States being required to
waive their tit|e to the beds of the
lakes which are on the boundary. The
Government works will cost about
$4,000,000. The work will be begun
at once following the legislative war.
rant slated.
Oppose Reduction in School Fund.
President Roncovieri of the Board
of Education and Superintendent of 1
Schools Langdon leave to-day for Sac
ramento for the purpose of opposing
the proposed reapportionment of funds
received from the State for the sup
port of the public schools", which will
cause a loss of $250,000 in revenue for ,
San Francisco from that source. The I
two school officials will urge that the j
present method, which provides for
the Income of schools based on the
number of school census children, be
retained instead of the actual enroll
ment of nupilsas contemplated by the
proposecr act. „,
For the Board of Relief.
The Native Sons' joint literary and
sccial committee will give an enter
tainment in Native Sons' Hall this
evening in aid of the board of relief
of the order. An excellent programme
will be presented, after which there
will be an order of dances.
There is little duty anywhere in* Europe. I
Freight by sea is less than freight by land. B
All American products, except Sorosis £hoes, sell for less ■
abroad than at home. B
f Yet the staple styles of Sorosis Shoes cost $4.00 in Eng- B
land, $4-50 in Germany and Canada, $5.00 in Russia and France fi
—the same styles that cost $3.50 here. 0
It is merit and modishness that have created the great de- B
mand for Sorosis,'and it is this great demand that makes it B
possible to sell the world's favorite shoes to the people of B
the United States for $3.50 a pair. B(
In the United States, all staple styles, $3 50. M
Sizes, 1 to 9; widths, AAA to EE. , ■
The advance Spring Styles of Oxfords are here. ■
NOTE.—Sorosis Shoe.Parlor is a delightful place to keep* ap- ■
pointments with friends who nre shopping downtown. Cheerful, fine H
and all the latest magazines. Welcome whether you purchase or not. H
SOROSIS SHOE PARLOR.iROIALSiIOESTORE I
216 POST THIRD STREET I
THE (SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 25, 1905.
HEALTH BOARD
CASE ARGUED
Franklin K. Lane Questions
Good Faith in Abolishing
Offices and Making Others
ABE ETJEF REPLIES!
Says That Suit Is Subter-i|
fnge to Get Old Feeders *
Back to the Public Crib J
Franklin K. Lane of the counsel em- j j
ployed by the Merchants' Association 1
and Abe Huef, defending the Board of
Health, divided yesterday before Judge J
Sloss in the closing arguments in the
case of J. E. Quinn, who seeks as a
taxpayer to enjoin the City and Caun- j
ty Auditor and Treasurer from audit- j
ing and paying the salaries of the dep- j
uty health officer and inspecting physi
cians, whose appointments were made
coincidental with the creation of their
offices last January. .
Mr. Lane's 'argument went to the j
question of the good faith of the Board :
of Health in abolishing old offices and
creating new ones, thus disposing of :
old employes and making placed for
new public- servants. The attorney
contended that the power to abolish
an office was not arbitrary, but was
limited by the charter to the classifica
tion of the civil service. The very pur
pose of the charter, he said, was to
take these appointments out of pol
itics ami fill the positions by merit
alone. meaning of the charter was
that a man appointed on merit and fit
ness should remain in office until good
cause was shown for his dismissal.
Such appointees are protected by the
law.
Said Mr. Lane: "We can come m
as taxpayers, and protect the public
treasury from the consequences of il
legal acts done in furtherance of
schemes "to do politics' and make ap- '
pointments for expediency when the
political wheel turns." He read an
article., on the beneficent effects of the
civil service law and discussed the
evils of the "spoils system" by which
political workers are rewarded by ap
pointment for the work done and the
work they are able to do. It results,
he said, in inefficiency, extravagance
and the corruption of the elective
franchise.
Mr. Lane thought that the history
of the acts of the Board of Health, In
abolishing one office and creating a
new one, in disregarding the spirit of
the civil service rules, and In other
acts cited, had proved a strong case
of bad faith. Upon the plea of the
other side that the action of the Civil
Service Commission in approving the
new classifications of the Board of
Health had stopped the court from act- !
lng, Mr. Lane declared that the il
legal action of any board could not
prevent a taxpayer from appealing to
the Superior Court. The Civil Service
Commission had not gone Into the
question of duties, efficiency or good
faith in creating new offices, but had
merely assumed that the Board of
Health had the power to make a new
classification. If this rule should be
held good, said the attorney, the whole
scheme of the civil service must fall.
The change had been made in bad
faith and in avoidance of the letter and
spirit of the charter.
At the afternoon session Abe Ruef
answered Mr. Lane's argument. He
charged that Quinn was acting in bad
faith as a taxpayer to prevent the
payment of $1800 in salaries for work
which had formerly cost the Board of
Health $8100. He declared that Louis
Levy was doing the work of five men
for $150 a month, where $600 had been
paid before. He cited instances of the
Health Board's action to prove good
faith in following the rules of the Civil
Service Commission and in reviewing
the testimony of members of the board
who had acquiesced in the changes,
without having given personal atten
tion to the object, he said that faith
and confidence was placed in the judg
ment of Dr. Ward, the president, who
had an opportunity to determine the
necessities from former experience.
Referring to Quinn's suit, Ruef said:
"The action is a subterfuge to put
back to the public crib men who were
feeding there before this political wheel
turned which made one man do the
work of five; he Is merely asking your
honor to corrupt the administration to
put in $8100 of expenses where $1800
now exists." He said" that the suit
was based upon a hollow mockery, if
not fraud, and was intended to emas
culate the civil service: that if the
contention of the plaintiff should hold,
whole pages of the charter relating to
civil service would be wiped out. If
Levy's position were untenable, every
janitor, street sweeper and laborer in
th city's employ would have his job
illegally, not having undergone a civil
service examination.
The Board of Health, said Mr. Ruef.
had a right to abolish a position in the
interest of retrenchment: had the right
to create a new place and to employ
any one for the efficient carrying out
of its purposes.
I THE EMPORIUM. j r THE EMPOHI t .M.
** ********** ****** *****>»»*** tMe*x****** **** bihwwiwi? **** ****j****** ****** ***i
oai y 4 DAYS more
of the
StockAdjusttogSale
Women's and " isses* Tailored Suits Beckett. Carhart St Co.'s Men's Suits
1 hat were si 3.50 to {2;.oo; sola coored cheviots c r 1 c • v • xt \t l
. , . J . r ■ Styles of lack «uiu that are being sold in New York to
and nobby mixture,; for girl. , 4 yc.rs _ ' d « $IC . OO to $22 . 50; M ,j 2e , 30
to women , with 44-mch bust ...$. O 85 tQ * t \ $12.75
Women's and Misses' Tailored Suit*
ihat we.c „ 20 to $37.50, inc.udmg ft tourist H-ckett, Cirhart & Co.'s Young Men's Suits
coat suits and suits with bouse or j citet, now &15 c . . . . . . . . c
• *-* Sing cor aoubie-breasted sack suns, in neat Scotch mur-
Women's and Miss?s' Tailored Suits tares; 3Z to 36-inch chest; worth up to
Worth up to $35.00 eacn; line Scotcn and Eng i= h $'7-s°, m»rked $10*7 3
mixtures, cheviots and broadcloth in
so id colors $22*50 Women's Gloves. 75C
Press QTods Sale Misse*' 4-button kid, women's 3-cUsp French kid
Recent purchase* irom Eastern makers; a great variety o: gauntlet gloves and 12 to 24 button length Mous
handsome, new seascnab'e fabrics; worth from 50c to quetaire Suedes; worth up to 52.00 pair . .
ft. 15 the yard. now 29c, 39c, BOc, 890 J 75C
January Crockery and Glassware Sale
ij One of this week's additions to the stock adjusting sale. The biggest varieties an/1 lowest prices that the Emporium has ever j!
|i quoted for this cl ss of goods.
jj Dnner Set— ioc-pic« $9.90 American 40c English J t Tea Pot 2SO Ji.io thin-blown Water Tumblers, doi.
beauty femi-porcelain *et tor 12 re - Open Vcgettb c Dishes—That were I<c 59c
tons, now SB 45 to 55c each, now . .We, 14c. 19c 24c 30c 16-inch Flower Va;e .... f7o
/ Same set for 6 persons 43 45 Meat'Platters—(American beauty) that 2jc Salts and Peppers 160 jj
'!■' c 11 m , _ j were 20c to 65c, now Ior, 19c, 33r, 43c 15c 7-inch G ass Dishes SO
, imall Plates-Bread and butter. .J C g sc wrought iron Umbrella Stand.. B3o 50c fancy G ass Globes JJ«J j
jl2 '-jc Cups ar.d Saucers-Now .. Q 0 =cc Mi k Rtchers %2o And many other articles.
10c Standard Ginghams jgg Tricot F annel
In new stripej ana checked patterns; rail iine A j _ WOOl> in p i t i„ co ore, such as wine, tan and brown,
of 1905 co ors and designs, now, yard . . Gr/±C yarc j 250
Boys' Underwear
40c qua.ity Jersey ribbed cotton, light brown co or; $2.25 Table Cloths |
sizes 26 to 34, garment 25c Fine German dsmask; sizes Bto 12, now . . $1.78
\ Sale of
Ftee Our Great January Wrm . n . s jack,*
Song Recitals ffefffff a#lf Sal&
Diily Now in progress-remnants and short lots of Wack ' n '7 and
ir\ ~>r\ . a *> . . gray, a "d some
1U;30 to 4:3 J everything to wear and use in the home at iain co , ts that formerl ,
% to % off already reduced remnant prices. sold up to , 25.00 each,
| r _ n _ fWJlj^ now .... SO.SO
Boys' 50c Trousers , \ Corded Arabian Curtains
Heavy b.u: cheiiots and cheviots in neat mixtures; ages 4 A _ Thiet yards long, 50 inches wide; a 52 50 quality, now, pair . . .
tj 16, pair 35 C $1.85
Boy*' Suits. $2 50 White and Colored Organd es
3-piecc, for ages 10 to 16 years, and 2-piece for ages Bto 16 year;; Imrortei, 68 inches wide; the whit; worth 35c a yard and the sky,
made of strong cheviots and cashmeres, at about _ _ pink, cardinal and Nic worth 40c, marked, each
the cost of making &Zm5U 240 and 27C
Final Stock Adjusting Sale of The Wednesday and Thursday
Art Needlework Groceries ***** Liquors
Since stock taking we have called out ail articles Coilec—Our special 25c Hawaiian blend, lb . . .fßc
that were soiled or rampied in the holiday rush, and Tea —Oo ong, English or Uncolored Japan, regu *r y
marked them at new prices without regard to previous 4 oc ;he lb • • • • 29c
valuation, and beginning this mornirg at 9 o'clock we C. 58. Olive Oil—For * ne two da y*» DOtl '' e • • • 6tO
c ft cr: Sovps-A ' kinds, assorted, 3 cans 250
5© for Doilies, Art Squares and Novelties that were Jj n;e Meat-Hekw'a or Atmore'., a lbs 2So
**** 1 Evaporated Apples— Fancy, bright fruit, ib tOO
lOC to 25c. Fi»«s-White Catfornia, 3 lbs 2SO
Qq tor Doi ics, Fancy Boxes and Scarfs worth up to 50c. Rp; 0 .v:s—Large Queen Olives, quart 4-8o
13C ' or Stamped Linens that were up to 40c. Rice—Whole Carolina head, 3 Its 250
250 for Stamped Linens that were up :o 75c. Q"" n Li V °jj y °2. SoM L^J° T c ' •", V.'i '* * ' ii°
59c 9 98C ancl $I*9B for commenced Em- Domcst c Porter- Very fine, dozen. . . *1.03
oroiderv pieces worth ■ Champion Whisky—Bourbon,
$2.00 to <6.00. t\__ Wm n re f- >3 r«i., for . $2.40
* >>n m 1/* m Rock and Rye—Regular 75c a
Thi linens have only to be f £_ Oo" 1 * SSO
,'aundered to be equal to n:w. - SM/fm / M4 / §f/^f\/M£ £JFff Good TabkClaret—Oal. s©o
Ha f and \t\s than half M £ C^X^/Zl/t/ im/ m(L Cedar Run Bourbon Whiikv—
fo-mer prices <or embroidered CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- * Gallon 52m23
p rcf«, centtr piete , table coy- Eastern Alcohol —Full quarts
ers, sofa cushions etc., etc. ERICA'S GRANDEST STORE 830
**** .**w***w«***<a-***« mmim i«*w************wrta>t*an
MORE EVIDENCE
AGAINST HOCH
Relatives of Six of Man's
Wives Believe the Women
Were Killed With Poison
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.—Information of
more alleged victims of the supposed
Bluebeard, Johann Hoch, has been
given the police by John Frick, an em
! ploye of the Nickel Plate Railroad.
1 Frick has reported to the police that
his sister, Mrs. William Schultz, mar
ried Hoch, who then called himself Al
bert Muschburg, at Argos, lnd., in 1900.
Mrs. S< hultz had a child named Net
tie, then 5 years of age.
'Shortly after they arrived in Chi
cago letters ceased coming to me, '
said Frick. 'and I am under the belief
that my sister and her little girl were
done away with. My sister had about
$1500 at the time of her marriage."
Mrs. H. J. Schwartzman of Mil
waukee telegraphed to the police that
she was on her way here for the pur
pose of trying to Identify a photograph
of Hoch as the man who married her
sister in IS9S. The woman died short
ly after, leaving $1800 to her husband.
Relatives of tix of the thirteen wives
credited to Hoch have expressed a be
lief to Police Inspector Shippy that the
six women died from poison. The list
of dead and missing is as follows:
Mrs. Marie Welker Hoch, died Janu
ary 11, 1905.
Mrs. Mary Steinbecker, died 1894.
Mrs. Mary Becker, St. Louis, died
1902.
Mrs. Mary Schulta, died 1900.
<.'hild also disappeared.
Mrs. Lena Hoch, Milwaukee.
Mrs. Sophia Hoch. Milwaukee.
Acting on the theory that Hoch is
the missing janitor of the notorious H.
H. Holmes' "Castle," the police are
using the same methods to trace Hoch
as were used in seeking Holmes. The
officers believe Hoch to be a pupil of
Holmes and that he will use the same
ruses that were employed by Holmes
to escape arrest.
State Funeral Directors Meet.
The State Funeral Directors' Asso
ciation of California will hold Its first
annual meeting this morning in Red
Men's Hall, 220 Golden Gate avenue.
Sessions will be held Thlursday and
Friday. The morning sessions will be
devoted to the regular order of busi
ness. In the afternoons, at the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons, on
Fourteenth street near Valencia, prac
tical demonstrations on subjects of
interest to the profession and lectures
will be held. Professor W. P. Hohen
schuh of lowa will address the body
on several interesting subjects.
There is quite a difference between a\'
nominal fee and a phenomenal one.
_ £
DISCOUNT SALE on
KITCHEN UTENSILS
i
Fancy Troys 25 per cent off Wire Bathroom Fixtures
Coffee Mills 25 per cent off P**" c€nt off
Tinware 20 per cent off Coal Vases and Fire Sets
Scrub Brushes 25 par cent off 33K per cent off
Paxton Roasters.. 25 per cent eff Alcohol Stoves an i Heater*
O land Cos Heaters. 20 per cent off 50 per cent off
Agate Steel Ware .25 per cent off Bine Flame Oil Stoves
Iron-Fromod Wringer*. 30 per cent off
25 per cent off Aluminum Kettle* and Steamers
German Shelf Paper.. 15 pea* cent off 50 per cjnt eff
NathanDoKnnaWa^
4 Mfcfcl33 SUTTER ST
Mint Cases Dismissed.
Two cases brought by the United
States of America against William K.
Cole to recover $25,000 were dismissed
yesterday in the United- States Circuit
Court on motion of the United States
District Attorney Woodworth. The
money sought to be recovered was part
of the $30,000 stolen from the Branch
United States Mint in this city by Wal
ter N. Dimmick while Cole was
caehier. Cole's bond of $5000 was col
lected by the Government and the
$25,000 remaining was paid by Prank
Leach, Superintendent of the Mint,
several months ago.
The fellow who is addicted to the
flowing bowl 1c seldom the best bowler.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
SAYS HUSBAND
WAS JUSTIFIED
Witness Tells Jury He Be
lieves L. D. Campbell Did
Eight When He Shot Wife
WANTS PRISONER FREED
He Says Woman a Flirt
and Persisted in Keeping
Man in Much Suspense
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 24.
Testimony in favor of Lemuel D.
Campbell, charged with the murder of
his wife, was introduced at the trial j
of the case to-day. It is the en-1
deavor of the defense to show that (
mental worry over his wife's actions j
caused him anguish. Three witnesses
were put on the stand to tell the state
©f mind of Campbell months before
the tragedy occurred. To all of them
he talked and expressed the wish that
ahe would leave him alone.
Although divorced, she,called him 1
up daily over the telephone and upon
one occasion she threatened him with
a knife.
In regard to this affair A. W. An- ,
•elnii, a butcher, for whom Campbell, ,
wcrked, said:
Mrs. Campbell either came around to the
•hop or called him up nearly every day. I
went to the shop one day and they were In the .
back room and she had a pistol and pointed
it at Campbell. I told her to get out and
took the pistol away from her and 'put it
Into a drawer. As she went out she took up
a knife and made a stab at Campbell and cut
hia apron. I then put her out of the shop.
In less than a week sbe was around again.
I saw her with a man on one occasion and told
Campbell and he cried.
On cross-examination the witness
•aid that he and Campbell had been
friends for a long time, and he added:
"I want to see justice done him, and
I believe he was justified in doing
what he did."
J. F. Swart, a druggist, who acted
as physician for Campbell, gave testi
mony in his favor, and Dan McCarthy,
a saloon man at the Sixteenth-street
station, testified that Campbell often
cried over the misdeeds of his wife and
also told him that if she ever rang
him up to tell her that he was not
there.
JUNIOR CLASS
ELECTS WOMAN
AS PRESIDENT
BERKELEY, Jan. 24.—For the first
time in its history, the junior class of
the university last night elected a
woman as class president, Miss Sue A.
Ross being honored. All the other class
offices with the exception of that of
sergeant at arms were filled by women.
The result of the election was as fol- 1
lows: Miss Sue Ross, president; Miss j
Florence Ward, vice president; Miss j
Gladys Meyer, secretary; Miss Helen
Parker, treasurer; W. R. de Leon, ser
geant at arms; auditing committee,
Miss Mary Nelson, Miss Marian Mor
row and Miss Wright.
Professor Walter E. Magee, in charge
of the department of physical culture
at the university, has agreed to take
the part of the Mikado in the opera of
Gilbert & Sullivan, which the Pry
tanean Society'of women students will
present for charity sake, at the Mac
donough Theater in Oakland next
month.
Boy Persists in Thefts.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.—George Mat
theson, 14 years old, residing at 649
Linden street, San Francisco, was ar
rested to-day on a charge of stealing
bicycles. Beton Robinson saw the boy
take his wheel from a stand on
Twelfth street, near Broadway. Rob
inson overhauled the youth, who was
escorted back to the place after he
had said, ' I took the wrong wheel,"
and, mounting another one, rqde off
rapidly. Thus bicycle, however, be
longed to Edward Carroll, 1162 Camp
bell street, who also saw the theft and
captured the persistent young thief.
The boy's parents were notified.
Want to Be Happy.
OAKLAND. Jan. 24.—Rose Batters
by was granted a decree of divorce
from John J. Battersby, a planing
mill employe of Berkeley, this morn
ing by Judge Hall on the., ground of
willful neglect. He was accused by
her of squandering , his money for
drink and leaviftg her without the
necessaries Of life.
Albert L. Sanford has begun an ac
tion for divorce against Ida O. San
ford on the ground of desertion. They
were married at Carson, Nev., in 1902
and he states that she left him the
same year.
Grand Jury Meets.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.—The Grand
Jury held a .session this morning and
listened to a recital of the facts In the
recent police scandal as told by Police
Commissioner F. C. Turner. Super
visor Joe Ke-lley and Treasurer Feld
ler were called to state what in their
judgment was needed in the way of
a vault for the accommodation of the
county cash. Auditor G. W. Bacon was
interrogated in regard to the annual
statement of county affairs, which
needed some explanation.
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE INCREASES
Oakland, Jan. 24.—Enrollment of pupils for the
present term in the public schools is 10,570. an
Increase of 300 over last term.
DYSPEPSIA
"Having -taken roar wonderful "Cascsrett" for
three months find being entirely cured of stomach
catarrh and drsT*?p*ia.\think a word of praise Is
Se to "Casoafets forthtrtrwonderfnl composition,
lave taken numerous "other so-called remedies
t without avail and I find that Cascsrets relieve
more la a day than all the others I have taken
would in a year."
James MeGune, 118 Mercer St., Jersey City, K. J.
The Bowels
CANDY CATHARTIC
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good, Do Good,
STerer Stckea, Weaken or Gripe, 10c, Ssc, S9e. Never
•old In balk. The genuine tablet stamped COO.
Guaranteed to earn or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 592
/j.HKUALSALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
LOSES WIFE AND HIS COIN
ON WEDDING ANNIVERSARY
Mrs. Christian Werren Disappears
AGED INNKEEPER OF NORTH BERKELEY WHOSE WIFE HAS DIS
APPEARED. RUMOR BEING THAT SHE HAS ELOPED WITH FRED
TROSCH A MAN THIRTY YEARS HER JUNIOR.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Jan. 24.
"Gone with a handsomer man" is,
In effect, the message that Christian
Werren has received from his wife, a
woman of sixty years of age, who has
eloped, he says, with Fred Trosch,
thirty years her junior.
Mrs. Werren and Trosch have been
missing since last Saturday. He was
a boarder in the Werren home in the
hills of North Berkeley. The woman
drew her husband's savings from the
Union Savings Bank of Oakland on
Saturday, smuggled her clothing from
the house and left Werren to mourn the
loss of a wife and the savings of a
lifetime.
On the very day that Mrs. Werren
disappeared there was to have been
a wedding anniversary celebration in
the Wernen home. Thirty-five years
ago trie Werrens were married. Last
Saturday. friends of the family had
been bidden to a feast and a generally
good''time in the Werren household.
The>" guests gathered, prepared to
congratulate Mr. and Mrs. Werren, but
there was no hostess / fo receive them.
Instead, Mr. Werren-; bewildered and
in agony of mind, informed all who
came that his wife had disappeared
and he feared that she had not gone
away alone.
Th* would-be merry-makers left and
Werf en ' remained alone all of Satur
day night. The next day he ascer
tained that Mrs. Werren had drawn
from the bank the joint savings of the
couple, that her clothing had been re
moved from the home and that she
had been seen at the saloon of J.
Carnelohg on San Pablo avenue with
Trosch on Saturday morning. He then
was convinced that his wife had eloped.
The, Werrens. conducted a hotel and
drinking place in North Berkeley, on
the road to Contra Costa County. They
were regarded as picturesque old per-
Bo i ns.- J Each was a Swiss* he 66 and she
60? years old. Their resort, .was a, favor
ite ground for merry-making by the
university students, who knew the
well.
• Trosch was a lodger in the Werren
home. The old Swiss proprietor was
tealous and suspicious of his attentions
fo Mrs. Werren- and last Tuesday
Trosch left the place. The elopement
is supposed to have followed.
J. Camelong, the San Pablo avenue,
saloon-keeper referred to by Werren,
says that he saw Mrs. Werren and
Trosch together Saturday morning.
The Werrens were old friends and pa
trons of his. He states that he was
informed by a friend that Mrs. Werren
was seen at the Sixteenth street station
in Oakland Saturday evening, prepar
ing to board a train.
Mrs. Werren was a participant in a
sensational shooting affair at the resort
last spring, in March A masked high
wayman demanded that she deliver up
the money in the till. She refused and
was shot through the breast It was
thought that she could not live, but
her vitality was such that she event
ually recovered and Is now perfectly
. well, while her aged husband, who
nursed her back to life and strength,
'is feeble and bent, with years.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.—OakIand. Jan. 24.
The following marriage license* were Issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Homer C Cald
well, over 21, Galllpoiis. 0., and Lena Ehr
hardt, over 18, San Francisco; George F.
Allen, over SI. Oakland, and Laura Charles,
over 18, San Francisco; Edward Bremiller. 31,
jfid Alice Mclnnla, 80, both of Napa; George
Wnnedy. 21. and Ethel Hubert, 19, both of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 25, 1905.
GIRL REFUSES
MEDICAL HELP
'Peculiar Death of Miss
j Vekdnder to Be Subject
of Coroner's Investigation
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Jan. 24.
Because of the unusual circum
| stances in connection with the death
jof Miss Flora Ann Vekander, a young
j woman who died this morning in her
; room in the Thomas block on Center
; street, the Coroner has ordered an ln
! quest held next Thursday morning.
Miss Vekander was a Christian
| Science devotee. She refused the aid
lof all save believers in that cult when
I disease attacked her two weeks ago.
She was threatened with pneumonia,
; but received no treatment or attention
\ other than that provided by Professor
jE. H. Twight of the agricultural
; department of the State University,
who is a Christian Science believer,
j and his wife. The Twights reside in
! the same building with Miss Vekander.
Miss Vekander's brother, a viticul
tural expert, who graduated from the
\ State University and is now employed
as an expert at Sacramento, was sent
J for last Thursday. He states that his
1 sister was of an extraordinarily firm
temperament, secretive and independ
ent, so that his entreaties to have her
. provided with regular medical attend
, ante were unavailing. She had made
; out a document directing preparations
' for the disposition of her body In event
of death before he came.
The exact nature of the young
.woman's ailment will be determined at
the inquest, though it is believed to
have been pulmonary disorder that
-ended her life.
Haywards School Bonds Sold.
HAY WARDS, Jan. 24.-—The Hay
wards Trustees last night opened the
b;ds for the bonds to be issued for
.the improvement of the Laurel Com
i mon School. The bonds amount to
$7500. Six bids were received, of
which that of the Oakland Bank of
Savings was the highest, being
$7684 50, and the bonds were accord
irgly awarded to that institution. The
other bidders were: L. C. Morehouse of
San Leandro, the Farmers' and Mer
chants' bank of Oakland, the Bank of
! Haywards, the San Francisco Savings
j Union and the Nevada Bank of San
Francisco.
Rainfall in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.—The rainfall
for the last twenty-four hours was .S4
of an inch, making a total for the
present season of 16.39 inches. This
is nearly double the amount of rain
which had fallen at the same date last
year, the total precipitation to January
24 having been 9.67 inches.
BRINGS ANOTHER SUlT.—Oakland. Jan.
24.—Suit was brought by Attorney Gavin Mc-
Nab for the Continental Building and Loan
Association against Rostna and Joseph Groas
aer to dispossess them of some property at
Merrill and Putnam treets in Fruitvate. It
is -alleged that the Groassers are In possession
of the land without tight or title and that
the same belongs to the plaintiff.
MAKE A FIGHT
OVER MATERIAL
Rival Contractors at War
Over the Relative Merits of
Concrete and Brick Work
SCHOOL BOARD DELAYS
Directors Postpone Action
on Bids Until They Can
. Decide Regarding Matter
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Jan. 24.
There is a battle on between the
contractors of Oakland for the privi
lege of building the foundations to
the new public school buildings short
ly to be erected in Oakland. The con
test wages between the cement men
and the brick handlers. Each side
has made a strong fight, the re
sult being that the Board of Educa
tion has been called upon to decide
whether a concrete or a brick founda
tion is best.
The situation unfolded itself last
night before the board when bids were
opened for the buiiding of the foun
dation of the new Franklin School.
Bids for both brick and concrete were
called for, the result being that, to the
surprise of the board and its archi
tects, the brick men came In with
some low figures. The architects had
believed the brick bids would be much
higher than the concrete. More than
that, there was a wide range of dif
ference in the brick bids that gave
rise to considerable comment.
Childs & Arlett, at $3600, were
lowest on brick, and D. E. Brown's
bid of $4450 was the lowest for con
crete. The highest brick bid was
that of McPhee & Co., $5982.
The board wrestled* with the prob
lem and after much discussion de
ferred action for two weeks. Mean
while the board will try to get expert
information on the subject of con
struction materials.
SOCIETY WILL
HEAR POPULAR
SINGER AGAIN
BY ZOE GREEN' RADCLIFFE.
OAKLAND. Jan. 24—Happy the maid or
matron who had not planned anything for
to-day, for It required real courage this after
noon to venture out into the steady, insistent
rain, that not only came down in sheets, but,
hitting the pavements, splashed up again to
do double damage. Fortunately to-day had
been allowed as a sort of breathing spall tor
the t-marl s*:t, preparatory to the big events
that are scheduled for the rest of the week.
So moil of us Have accepted the moist con
dition ,of tfce weather very philosophically to
day, while sending up fervent petitions for
sunshine to-morrow—for to-morrow Mrs. Seth
Cnshnian't trlend.-" have beery-promised a rare
treat. Mrs. Cushman, Olive Reed that was,
has planned a inusicale for fifty or more old
friends, and as it has been long since htr
beautiful voice has been heard here those
lucky enough to be on her invitation list are
anticipating an afternoon of rare pleasure.
This i* to be the first of a series ot home
concerts that Mrs. Cushman will give, so
that all her friends will have, an opportunity
to hear the popular singer again. .She will
be assisted to-morrow by Mrs. Ernest H.
Hueter, Mrs. John Ramsey Hunter, Miss
Lita Schlesslnger and Mrs. John D. Sibley.
Mrs. George H. Perry will accompany the
singers.
Another card club has been added to an
already long list of suoh organizations. Mr:
and Mrs. William Lynham Shiels will be the
first host and hostess, and the members will
be entertained by them on Thursday evening,
February 2, at their Jackson street home.
Among those Invited to attend this first meet
ing are: Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Wlngate.
Mr. and Mrs. A. 8. Macdonald. Mr. and
Mrs. Henry A. Butters, Mr. and Mrs. Edward
Lacy Brayton, Mr. and Mrs. Beach Carter
Soule, Mr. and Mrs. George W. McNear, Mr.
and Mrs. R. Augustus Bray, Mr. and Mrs.
Alpheus Clement.
• • »
A dozen Oaklanders were entertained by
Mrs. Willian Gruenhagen yesterday at lunch
eon. The affair took place In her apartments
at the Colonial and was charming In every
way. Mrs. Clark F. Goddard was the guest
of honor and the other guests were: Hr*.
Allardt, Mrs. John D. Sibley, Mrs. Coombs.
Mrs. L Ghlradelll, Mrs. Vv*. W. Standeford,
Mrs. William R. Davis, Mrs. Harold Warwick,
Mrs. James A. Johnson, Mrs. John Gwin,
Mrs. E. M. Herrick, Mrs. Arthur Brown and
Mrs. Charles Mau.
• • •
The dancing set Is looking forward with
pleasure to th# Country Club cotillon, which
takes place to-morrow night. Considerable in
terest has been manifested in this dance and
as the programme will include the old-fash
ioned quadrilles and a german or two, there
will probably be some genuine fun. When the
young people of to-day, who are two-stepping
through life, eliminated the quadrilles and
lancers from their social menu, they cut out
a lot of real enjoyment that only the old
timers know anything about.
** * .
Mrs. John Irwin (nee English) Is spending
the winter with her aunt, Mrs. William D.
English.
Upholds Action of Mayor.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24. —The local
Barbers' Union has adopted the fol
lowing resolutions regarding the re
moval of obstructions by Mayor Ol
ney:
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 23, 1905. Whereas,
Mayor Olney has commenced a street ami
sidewalk: cleaning crusade, thereby causing the
removal of many signs. Including barber poles,
be it
Resolved, By Barbers' Union No. 134, in
convention assembled, that we approve of afore
said action of the Mayor; and be it further
Resolved, That we petition the Mayor of
the city of Oakland to also cause the removal
of bootblack stands, telegraph and telephone
poles and all obstructions to pedestrians.
Adrpted January 16. 1905.
~ GEORGE K. SMITH, President.
BEN LITZENSTEIN. Secretary.
Famous Guests at University.
BERKELEY, Jan. 24.—Two distin
guished guests from abroad were en
tertained at the State University to
day and a third notable man, an
American, is announced to be present
at a meeting at the university to-mor
row. The foreigners are M. A. Cobb
of Australia and Ettoreis Pais of Italy.
The American who is coming to-mor
row is Poultney Bigelow, who is to
lecture to the students. '
Want Board to Appoint.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.—The Builders'
Exchange and the Masters Builders'
Association have requested the Board
of Education to appoint the superin
tendents of construction of new school
buildings instead of allowing the archi
tects to name the overseers. The board
has deferred action on the request un
til the schdolhouses and sites com
mittee has reported on it
Charges made against J. P. Garllck,
principal of the Lincoln School, and
Miss Sparks, a teacher, by Dr. Rich
ard Frlcke, touching the disciplining
of his son, Edward Frlcke, have been
investigated by the board and dis
missed. The committee on rules and
regulations reported that proper steps
had been taken by the principal and
the teacher to correct insolent conduct
of the boy
HEART DISEASE
CAUSES DEATH
Autopsy Proves Miss McKee
Did Not Take Her Life as
It Was at First Supposed
BODY IS COMING HOME
Sister of Young Woman Says
That She Had Been 111 and
Under Medical Attention
ALAMEDA, Jan. 24.—According to a
telegram received here to-day by rela
tives of Miss Mary C. McKee, who died
on a westbound overland train, and
whose body was taken from the train
at Albuquerque, N. Mex., yesterday,
the young woman's demise was due to
heart disease. It was at first thought
when Miss McKee was found dead in
her berth in a sleeping car that she
had taken her own life, but an au
topsy has shown that she passed away
from a natural cause.
Mrs. L. B. Chase, a sister of Miss
McKee, says the latter >ad been in
poor health for some time, and that
on her way home from New York she
was forced to stop at Chicago for med
ical treatment. Miss McKee's body is
now on the way to Alameda and is due
to arrive here Thursday. Arrange
ments for the funeral have not yet
been made. Surviving Miss McKee are
two brothers and three sisters—Wil
liam K. McKee of Oakland, John £
McKee, Mrs. L. B. Chase, Miss Rose
an<j Miss Jane McKee. all of this city.
MORPHINE MAY HAVE CAUSED
THE DEATH OF MISS McKEE
Possible That She Accidentally Took
an Overdose to Alle
viate Pain.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Jan. 24.—
The undertakers who embalmed the
btdy of Miss Mary K. McKee, who was
found dead in a Pullman berth on a
Santa Fe train on Sunday night, be
lieve that her death was not due to
natural causes and intimate that mor
phine was used. There was no inquest
here as the death occurred outside the
county.
An undertaker in Alameda, Cal.. tel
egraphed last night as#lng that the
body be forwarded. It was accordingly
s?nt to Mrs. L. B. Chase of Alameda
tc-night. It is possible that Miss Mc-
Kee took an overdose of morphine to
aileviate some pain and with no
thought of suicide.
DUKE'S BRIDE
IN THE TOMBS
«
Arrested in New York on a
Texas Indictment and for
Want of Bail Put in Cell
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.—Mrs. Alice
Webb-Duke, wife of Brodie L. Duke,
was arrested at an office in Broad
street in this city to-day on requisition
papers issued by the Texas authorities.
Mrs. Duke had been indicted by the
Grand Jury at Nacogdoches, Texas, on
the charge that she and Charles L.
Taylor, of Chicago, ' made false state
ments in an instrument, on the strength
of which a stockholder in one of the
national banks in that place was in
duced to Indorse their notes for $20,000.
Mrs. Duke was arrested as she was
alighting from a cab to enter an office
in Broad street. When Mrs. Duke was
notified that she was under arrest she
became hysterical and screamed and
wept. She declared: "I'm the wife of
Brodie L. Duke. His family are trying
to hurt me. I have done nothing
wrong." She insisted upon making a
call In the building as she had intended,
but the detective would not permit it
and took her to the District Attorney's
office in a cab. She sat weeping in that
office until her counsel arrived.
When Mrs. Duke was, arraigned in
the Police Court she was held in $3000
bail. This her counsel was unable to
secure and was taken to a
cell in the Tombs Prison. She appeared
to be very much distressed during her
brief stay in the courtroom and several
times seemed to be about to faint.
The proceedings which resulted in
Mrs. Duke's arrest are entirely distinct
from her matrimonial difficulties.
EDISON SHOWS SIGNS
OF SPEEDY RECOVERY
Doctors Believe the Inventor Will
Progress Rapidly Despite Serious
Operation.
ORANGE. N. J., Jan. 24. —Thomas
A. Edison, the inventor, was recover
i ing rapidly to-day from the surgical
operation performed last night for a
mastoid abscess behind his left ear.
Owing to a similar trouble a few
years ago the operation was diffl
! cult, but the doctors declared it was
entirely successful. Edison was in
1 good spirits to-day. The doctors say
they expect an uninterrupted recov-
LAND IRREGULARITIES
ALLEGED IN COLORADO
A United States Commissioner Ac
cused of Accepting Illegal Fees
for Filings.
DENVER. Jan. 24.—Judge Moses
Hallett of the United States District
Court to-day issued a warrant for the
arrest of C. A. Morning, United
States Commissioner of Routt County,'
Colorado, on a charge of accepting
illegal fees in connection with land
filings. The issuance of the warrant
followed an Investigation which has
been made by a special agent of the
Interior Department.
TOWN IN THE PHILIPPINES
ATTACKED BY LADRONES
Contract Surgeon J. A. O'Neill Killed
In Raid on San Francisco de
Malabon.
MANILA. Jan. 25.—The town of
San Francisco de Malabon, in the
province of Cavite, was attacked by
Ladrones last night. Contract Sur
geon J. A. O'Neill was killed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.—The House Com
mittee on Naval Affairs to-day authorised fav
orable reports on the Senate bill providing
dental surgeons for the navy and the House
bill to increase the efficiency of the hospital
corps of the navy. %
ALARM OF FIRE
STIRS PUPILS
One Thousand Youngsters
Calmly March Through
Smoke at Lincoln School
DRILL PROVES SUCCESS
Not a Child Hurt in Empty
ing the Building, Show
ing Benefit of Drilling
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Jan. 24.
One thousand pupils of the Lincoln
School at Tenth and Alice streets, en
dangered by fire that broke out in the
big frame building, marched out of the
structure this morning under perfect
control of their teachers, in response
to the school alarm of fire that re
sounded through the edifice at 11:30
o'clock. The building was emptied In
less than two minutes. Not a child
was hurt and the splendid efficacy of
the "fire drill" in time of actual trou
ble was proven.
Though class rooms and hallways in
the rambling schodlhouse were sud
denly filled with smpke and the crack
ling of flames added to the terror of
the situation, order was maintained
while the children marched in steady
ranks, quickly but quietly, to street
and yard with the discipline of trained
soldiers. firemen arrived
responsive to an alarm sounded by Dr.
Henry M. Fine, who discovered the'
fire from the outside, the building wafl
cleared of every occupant.
The fire started from a defective flue
connecting with stoves in the primary
class rooms of Miss Rosa Kottlnger
and Miss Mary Jewett. There was a
sudden burst of smoke and flame
through the walls that for an instant
caused a commotion among the chil
dren. With precision the teaohers
gave.the command that started their
wards out of the rooms, while hurried
word was sent to Principal J. P. Gar
lick. He sounded the school alarm of
fire that warned every teacher In the
building. In a few seconds the pupils
were in line tramping steadily out ac
cording to the rules laid down in the
"fire drill" regulations. At exits and
on platforms and in hallways the
teachers itood at their posts, directing
the rapid outpouring of children.
The firemen speedily attacked the
fire which burned Its way through the
walls into the roof of the primary de
partment building, which is on the
Eleventh street side of the school lot.
The flames were quenched after walls
and ceilings had been cut away. It
was found that the flue had broken be
tween the two class rooms, the stove
in each room connecting at the top
with the chimney outside.
The primary building is separate
from the main structure, but is con
nected by hallways through which
smoke poured Into the larger part of
the school. At the time of the out
break, Principal Garlick was In the
basement attending to classes there.
He was warned by the cry of Are and
Speedily sent in the school alarm be
fore danger from possible panic had
been aroused. So quickly was the dif
ficulty handled that many pupils in
rooms remote from the scene of the
fire knew of its existence only when
they saw the Fire Department appara
tus- arrive.
Superintendent of Schools J. W. Mc-
Clymonds was summoned to the school
at once. He made a careful Investiga
tion of the cause of the fire and he
handling of the pupils. Commenting
on the episode. Superintendent Mc-
Clymonds said:
This experience demonstrates, first, the ex
cellent discipline under which the thousand
children were marched' out so rapidly and
under such good control to a place of safety.
The feature of the fire drill Is the absence of
any warning whatever as to the time of sound
ing the alarm. The children never know
whether the alarm Is a genuine one or a mere
drill call. For that reason they are never
frightened when the bella sound. Much credit
is reflected upon Principal Garllck and his
corps of teachers for their excellent work this
morning. We are all glad that the Are re
sulted no more seriously than It did.
This experience demonstrates the importance
of fireproof materials in oQr school buildings.
I am glad that the new ones will be built as
far as possible of brick and stone. There
cannot be too many safeguards against Are in
a school building. That of course goes with
out saying.
Principal Garllck also gave much
praise to his teachers for their serv
ices In the emergency.
Rival Jailed; Wife Repentant.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.— J. H. West, a
Pullman Car Company porter,
charged with stealing William Wig
gins' wife f and personal effects, was
taken to the City Prison this morning,
having been returned In custody from
Merced, where he was arrested Sun
day. Mrs. Wiggins is stranded there
and has written to her husband that
she is ready to come back and be for
given.
ALAMEDA EDUCATOR WINS
HONORS IN THE SOUTH
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 24.—Professor Dun
can McKinnon. principal of the Hi*h
street School. Alameda, has been elect
ed principal of the San Diego High
School to nil the vacancy caused by
the resignation of Harley P. Chandler,
who resigned on account of sickness.
Professor McKinnon is a graduate of
the Brunswick State Normal School
and Stanford University.
JURY ACQUITS YOUNG.-Bert Young was
acquitted by a Jury in Judge Cook's court
yesterday on a charge of assault with intent
to rob. He was represented by Attorney George
D. Collins. It was alleged that on October 2
Young and another man took Vincent May of
989 Howard street to a. room in a lodging
house on Market street and attacked him with
the intention of robbing him.
MiMM „ Every woman covets a
mWm SBB^B^MkT*hfm shapel ? • p re "y and
mWm mmm m m Hmtw* many of them deplore the
loss of their girlish forms
— after marriage. The bearing
wMwM MM MMmMM Mm o{ children is often destructive
m *MM MMMUOMM to the mother's shapeliness.
. . . , - All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby cornea, as this
great lmiment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from the
use of this wonderful
remedy. Sold by all ML MM — *dt B S
s u ou , mother * s
book. teWngall about w "
thU linimant, will be lent free, jf" B_ji_ _«f
ru BnfflH laaiitw ca.uuta.ta. F # #o#f €# *
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2149 Center* Street-
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1485 Park Street.
SANTA CRUZ BANKER LOST
MONEY IN ROULETTE GAME
Hotel Man Paid Losses and Check
Drawn by Loser Is Protested.
Suit on Trial.
A Santa Cruz banker, who played
at a roulette game and lost $1200, and
a prominent hotel-keeper of the same
city, who drew a check for the loss
and took the banker's check in return,
only to have it protested, were the
parties to an interesting case heard
and taken under advisement by Judge
Seawell yesterday.
J. C. C. Leonard, proprietor of the
St. George Hotel at Santa Cruz, sued
H. S. Demfng for $1300. Deming an
swered that Leonard had sublet a
room In his hotel to J. P. Peakes and
the Vein a gambling game was con
ducted. Deming played roulette, first
borrowing $100 from Leonard and
then giving checks for his successive
losses, which aggregated $1200. After
the game Deming was anxious that the
bank should not know of his unfor
tunate dalliance with fortune and hp
had Leonard draw a check'for $1200
for the gamblers, giving his own check
to Leonard for $1300 to cover the loan
and the losses. Demins/s check was
drawn on the Donohoe-Kelly Bank In
San Francisco and was assigned to J.
S. Harlan, one of the gambling firm,
who left for this city on the first train
In the morning following the trans
action of July 10, 1903, to get the
paper cashed, but he was met with a
refusal. Deming said that he had
frequently offered to pay the $100 bor
rowed from the hotel-keeper, but
would not stand for the other loss. He
testified to these facts yesterday and
Leonard was also on the stand. He
admitted that he had let quarters to
the gamblers, but deniea that he was
interested in the profits of their game.
COLUMBUS BANK ELECTS
TWO NEW DIRECTORS
Resignations of Gianninl and Cavag
naro Are Accepted and Suoces
sors Are Promptly Named.
Changes were made in the board of
directors of the Columbus Savings
Bank yesterday. A. P. Gianninl and
Joseph F. Cavagnaro resigned. C.
Sirocco of Sutter Creek. Amador
County, and Dr. C. Barsottl of this
city were elected directors to succeed
them. This second change In the
board In a short time made some talk
in the Italian colony. The explana
tion given by members of the majority
of the board is simple, being that Gi
annini and Cavagnaro are paid em
ployes of the Bank of Italy and that
the Bank of Italy gave them the
choice to remain with but one of the
Italian banks of the city. They chose
to remain with the Bank of Italy. It
was reported yesterday that A. Chi
chizola would resign from the director- •
ate of the Columbus Bank, but he did
not. The explanation given by Attor
ney Cavagnaro of his and Giannini's
resignations is that they found them
selves in the minority and concluded
that it would be better to withdraw
from the Columbus Bank.
RAINS CAUSE LAKE IN
WESTERN ADDITION STREETS
Many Ducks Swim In Temporary Pond
at Corner of Fillmore and
Sacramento Streets.
The lake-like condition of the
streets at the corner of Fillmore and
Sacramento streets during the recent
rains caused one of the wags in that
locality' to turn loose in that tempo
rary pond a lot of tame ducks. The
result was that the following Sign was
posted up against the telegraph pole:
$25 reward for arrest and conviction of any
one caught shooting on this preserve without
a permit from Board of Public Works.
A great crowd gathered around the
pond and the ducks, but the admoni
tion published in the sign prevented
any one from taking a shot.
JUDGE SUSTAINS LAWYER'S
OBJECTIONS TO A JURY
Clerk's Failure to Certify to List Gives
Man Accused of Manslaughter
Short Respite.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 24.—The trial of
the people againßt Francis McGrath.
charged with manslaughter, came up
In the Superior Court to-day. The at
torney for the defense objected to the
jury panel on the ground that the
clerk had not certified to the lists.
Judge Lennon sustained the objection,
and called another Jury for a week from
to-day. *
McGrath recently killed Quartermas
ter Taylor of the cutter Bear In a street
light-
CLEAR CHURCH OF DEBT—Alameda.
Jan. 24.—Rev.' P. C. McFarlane. pastor of the
Christian Church, announces that the debt of
$1900 on the bouse of worship has been cleared
away. This was done at a meeting of the
church officers last night, when it was said
that but $300 of the original debt remained.
This amount was Immediately subscribed by
those present. Officers were elected by th«
Christian Church last night as follows: Clerk.
M. E. M*cCauley; treasurer, Albert Hendrv;
financial secretary. J. G. Spence; members of
the board of deacons—Dr. W. W. Chatterton,
J. G. Spence and Albert Hendry.
TO GIVE MASQUERADE BALL.—The San
Francisco Schwaben Vereln will give a grand
masquerade ball at the Turner Hall. 363 Turk
street, on Saturday, January 28.BANKS GIVE
WAY BEFORE
THE FLOODS
Thousands of Acres of Valu-1
able Farming Land Along
the Sacramento River Are
Now Covered With Water
LEVEES AJtE BROKEN
IX SEVERAL PLACES
—
At Colusa Register Shows!
That Stream Has Risen to!
. a Height Above the Mark
: : Reached in March, 1904
*
• Special Dispatch to The Call.
•COLUSA, Jan. 24.—From all points
.on. the Sacramento River come re- \
•ports of broken levees and of great \
' damage by the floods, which have been
increasing in fury since early Mopday '
.morning. At Colusa the river reached
the highest mark ever recorded at 8
o'clock this morning when the gauge
registered twenty-eight feet two and
.one-tenth inches, one inch higher than
point reached last March when ranches
. from Sacramento to Redding were in- j
• undated.
'. It is estimated that there are at least
fifteen breaks on the east side of the .
river above Colusa and in some places
•the waters are pouring in torrents over j
the tops of the levees, something that ,
. has never occurred before. Several
thousand acres of land on that side are
under water. There has been no loss
of life or of stock so far. The Govern
ment contractors who have been put- '
ting in a large weir across Butte
SJough, five miles below Colusa, are
having a hard time trying to prevent
the current caused by the weir from
washing out the great levee protecting
district seventy, the breaking of which
will cause the loss of several thousand
acres of the finest grain land in
Western Sutter County. Those in
charge have little hopes of holding out
against the storm.
On the west side things are al
most as bad. There is one break on the
Davis place twelve miles north of Co
lusa that is more than one hundred feet
.wide and through which there Is al
most a river flowing. From this break
' the entire lands of district 108 in South
ern Colusa County and in Yolo County
■will be flooded. This district contains
•thirty thousand acres of land that has
been reclaimed and the loss there will
be enormous. There are several other
weak places on the west side to-night
• that are causing much uneasiness, but
as there are a number of experienced
men doing patrol s duty serious results
.are not generally looked for.
The rainfall here to-day has been half
an inch and from the upper Sacramento
River comes the report late to-night
Ihat the rainfall had been one and a
half inches, that the river which began
to recede this afternoon was again ris
ing rapidly and that conditions were
•very alarming.
•
RAINFALL IS GENEROUS
FROM TEHACHAPI NORTH
• Sacramento River Valley Towns Are
Threatened With Another Period
of High Water.
Yesterday's storm extended from
the-Tehachapi to British Columbia.
• 1 he heaviest rainfall was in the l#ac
•. hi men to River Valley and last night
i* was feared that the State might ex
perience another flood season. At Red
• Biuff the river measured twenty feet
and at Colusa 28.2, which is the record
for that point.
The wind was strong off shore but
light In the interior of the State.. In
Sati Francisco the precipitation was
nearly three-quarters of an Inch,
which brings the seasonal rainfall up
r«> 14.10 inches. Last year at this time
the rainfall was only a trifle more than
p< \en inches. Professor McAdie pre
dicts clearing weather for to-day.
He announces also that arrange
. ntents have been made for reporting
rainfall and snowfall at points In the
SI te having altitudes in excess of
5000 feet.
Bakersfield Welcomes Rain.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 24.—A heavy "
wind storm this afternoon was followed
by severe rainfall this evening. . The
rain is very welcome.
V
OLD BUSINESS HOUSE
MAY HAVE NEW OWNER
Offer Is Made to AH the Stockholders
of Will & Flack.
It is probable that a deal for the
business of the firm of Will &'Finck 1
will be closed to-day. An offer has '
been made for the stock held by the
owners of the property and this has
been taken under advisement, but '<
members of the concern said last
evening that the sale is likely to be
effected to-day.
The deal has been carried on for J
the purchaser by J. Golober. He rep* j
resents E. Cohn. who has been in !
business in the interior of the State i
fqr a number of years. One reason ;
wssigned for the npssible change is the i
desire of Julius Finck, the president j
of the corporation, to retire. He has j
been actively engaged in business in {•
this city more than forty-five years, j
The terms that have been proposed j
are not mentioned.
WEBER WINS MINOR POINT
IN FIGHT FOR HIS LIFE
Prosecution Allows Accused Youth's j
Attorneys a Copy of Their Client's ' i
Statement to Sheriff.
AUBURN, Jan. 24.—The attorneys on
both sides In the case of Adolph Weber
agreeing, Judge Prewett this morning
made an order giving a copy of the
statement made by Weber in the Sher
iff's office the morning after the trag
edy to the attorneys for the defense.
The court also made an order that a
daily transcript of such testimony In
the case as the attorneys desire shall
be made. District Attorney Robinson,
it is claimed, has found several other
witnesses who heard screams on the
night of the murder.
After Another Franchise.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24.—The San Jose
and Los Gatos Interurban Railway
Company to-day applied for a franchise
for an electric railroad to be construct
ed over Twelfth and San Carlos streets.
If granted this road will form part of
the system which is to gridiron the
eastern part of the city and valley.
Secure healthful nutrition by using
Last's Kidney and Liver Bitter* •
SOMETHING VERY DARK
CAME FROM COVER.
TENDER BROILER WAS VICTIM
Now His Blackness Must Be Very
Good for Next Ten Days.
It was not the intrinsic value of the
chickens stolen so much as the Incon
venience created by the unheralded de
pletions of the coop that angered Land
lord Henry Blanken. Nocturnal visi
tors to his wayside inn on the San
Bruno road were much given to order
ing warm birds and cold bottles, and
It was humiliating to him frequently
to find his hennery vacant after he had
whetted the appetites of his guests by
extolling the plumpness and tenderness
of his pullets. The popularity of his
establishment was not enhanced by giv
ing its patrons the alternative of eat
ing ham and eggs or going supperless.
So it was in genuine wrath that he in-
structed his trusty henchman. "Billy"
Dempsey, to sleep lightly, with fire
arms within easy reach, and to pepper
witli buckshot ihe nether limbs of any
person, regardless of color or social
status, whom he might detect in the
act of pilfering the feathered property.
,"Shoot low and shoot straight. Bill,"
was Mr. Blanken's final command, "and
keep on a-shootin' till somethin' drops."
Mr. Dempsey's acceptance of the
trust was cheerful. Placing a loaded
shooting-iron where he could instantly
lay his hand upon it in the dark, he
inaugurated a policy of wakefulness
that was debilitating, but he bravely
stuck to it until night before last his
patience was rewarded by the capture
of a chicken-lifter with the goods in
his possession. Wonted sounds were
suddenly overshadowed by a clucking
and fluttering that emanated from the
henhouse, and Mr. Dempsey leaped
from his cot, grasped his weapon and
intrepidly hastened to the scene of
commotion. As he ran he stumbled
over a sawhorse or a wheelbarrow or
something, and when he had disen
tangled himself from its legs or shafts
or whatever they were the clucking
and fluttering had ceased and all that
assailed his ears was a gentle rustling
amid a bunch of bushes near by. Level
ing his gun at the foliage. Mr. Dempsey
shouted in stern tone, "Come out a
there an' come quick!" To his intense
gratification there came the response,
"Please, don't shoot—l'm a-camin',"
and from the brush there emerged a
man with a broiler suspended by one
of its legs from one of his hands.
"Drop the bird an' throw uo yer
mitts!" yelled Mr. Dempsey, and the
mandate was obeyed with a prompti
tude that made the rest of his task a
sinecure.
The chicken-thief was registered as
Michael Boltes and the police desig
nated him a hobo. Judge Fritz scoffed
at his plea that he happened to catch
the chicken as it was escaping from
Mr. Blanken's yard and was conveying
it back to where it properly belonged
when Mr. Dempsey's gunplay thwarted
his purpose. Now he is serving a ten
days' sentence.
• » •
"As we haven't a whipping-post for
the disciplining of such fellows as
you," said Judge Mogan to* John
Harvey Robinson, insulter of unpro
tected women, "I will instruct the
Sheriff to see to it that your
six months' imprisonment involves
daily toil on the rockpile. Unfortu*
nately the law restricts me to limiting
your term to six months, for it would
afford me infinite satisfaction to send
you to the penitentiary for ten years."
"1 have letters to prove that I'm a
gentleman," muttered Robinson.
All the letters ever written or that
could be written would not make you
a gentleman," rejoined his Honor.
"You're a low-minded, cowardly fel
low, else you would not make a prac
tice of thrusting your attentions upon
women and girls to whom they are ob*
noxious."
Robinson was arrested at 8:30
o'clock Monday evening on complaint
of a respectable matron and her young
daughter, whom he had followed
along Bush street until they sought
refuge in the Hotel Sevenoaks, when
he stood at the door and hurled foul
epithets after them. Patrolman
Lanckman proved that the fellow was
arrested several months ago for
suiting women in Golden Gate Hall.
• * *
H. C. Rees, the New York club
man, whose alcoholic vagaries landed
him in Department No. 1 on the
charge of, threatening to kill a Mr.
Gignoux at the Hotel Princeton, has
been sent to a sanitarium at Belmont
by his relatives, and the charge has
been dismissed by Judge Mogan.
Dorothy McCabe, accused of obtain*
ing goods under false pretense from
the KmDorium and the City of Paris,
will have another hearing next Friday
before Judge Mogan. Depositions from
the officers of the San Bernardino
bank in which she claimed to have
funds on deposit have been sent for.
So shocked was Max Copper by the
inartistic arrangement of the stock
and fixtures of Martin Meyer's grocery,
147 Silver street, that he not only
chided Mr. Meyer for displaying poor
taste, but also undertook to remedy
the defects. If he had been perfectly
sober his recostructlve endeavor
might not have resulted in the wrecks
Ing of much of Mr." Meyer's property
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
and his own arrest for disturbing the
peace. .Tudge Conlan will sentence
him to-day.
Andrew, Wideler, convicted on two
charges of pilfering goods from men's
clothing stores, was sentenced to a
year's imprisonment by Judge Mogan,
and six months was the dose of pun
ishment prescribed by the same mag
istrate for John Foran, convicted of
stealing $5 from the till of Ole Simen
son's grocery, 725 Folsom street. Fo
ran is only 23 years of age.
Victor McLaren celebrated his
twenty-first birthday by absorbing in
toxicants until he was crazed. and
while in that condition he invaded the
dry goods store at 1010 Dupont street
and played sad havoc with the stock
in-trade. When the arresting police
man arrived at the scene of dis
order he found young Mr. Mc-
Laren freighting the air with
hoopskirts and shirtwaists and
bustles and other articles of femi
nine apparel, while the affrighted at
taches of the establishment cowered in
concealment. It was his first drunk,
he explained to Judge Mogan. and it
Barely was liis final one. Dismissed
with a reprimand.
c • •
Louis Piper (colored) denied that he
was one of the two men who throttled
and robbed of $700 an Italian farmer
in a Barbarv Coast hotel, but Judge
Conlan sent him to answer in the Su
perior Court. His attempt to prove an
alibi by averring that at the time of
the robbery he was engaged In the rare
occupation of taking a bath was off
set by the complaining witness posi
tively identifying him as one of the
thugs.
"Was it not on some other day that
you took that bath?" his Honor in
quired.
"No. sah." was the prompt reply:
"Ah doan take a bath so often dat
Ah'm likely to fo'git de day Ah takes
it."
a » •
"He can have his old clock and his
old statooettes and his old rugs by
sending for em at any time," said
Mrs. Violet Stevens, accused &f trying
to avoid payment for the articles men
tioned after she had obtained posses
sion of them on the installment plan
from A. Lake of 2b Sixth street.
Surmounting the blonde coiffure of
Mrs. Stevens was a hat of immense
circumference and fairly swathed in
'bird-of-paradise feathers. The fluffy
plumage lav in masses atop of crown
and brim and drooped In straggling
extravagance over the edges, some of
the pendants mingling with the long
fur of the white boa that loosely en
circled her neck and descended to her
feet. Her tight-fitting gown was a
dream of light gray.
"Why don't he send for 'em if he
wants 'em?" she asked, beaming
blandly at Judge Mogan.
"But I don't want 'em after you have
used em 'so long," protested Mr. Lake,
of unmistakably nervous temperament.
"I want the money for 'em, that's what
I want."
"Then, why don't you come and col
lect it?" inquired Mrs. Stevens, with
augmented blandness.
Mr. Lake's choler choked his utter
ance as he tried to inform the court
that Mrs. Stevens' elusiveness had
thwarted all his efforts to collect. He
delivered the goods to her at 511
Golden Gate avenue, and when he
went there to collect his first install
ment she had flown, and not until two
months later did he discover her in a
Market-street apartment house. The
clock, the two "statuettes and the two
floor rugs had been in active service
throughout the interim, and if he were
to take them in lieu of the money due
him he would be* a heavy loser.
Couldn't she be compelled to pay the
remainder of the Installments In a
lump? •
The court opined that she could not,
and Mrs. Stevens audibly wondered if
she were expected to run all over town
looking for collectors to pay money
to, when she had other matters to en
gage her time. What were collectors
for, if not to find debtors and collect,
she would like to know. Too bad that
Bhe didnf go a-sloshin' through the
rain and mud to find Mr. Lake and
save him the trouble of going to find
her. He knew where she was to be
found, didn't he?
It looked like apoplexy for Mr. Lake
as he asked what was the use of him
going to collect from her when she de
clined to be collected from.
"Well, then, why don't you take back
your old things?" she sweetly inquired.
All that prevented Mr. Lake tearing
his hair was the Judge's command to
Mrs. Stevens that she produce the
"things" in court to-day, so that the
alleged evidence of wear and tear may
be taken into consideration with the
framing of a decision.
BULGARIANS KILLED
BY A BAND OF GREEKS
Defeat of Company of Eighty Causes
Villagers to Flee to
Mountains.
SALONICA, Jan. 25.—A band of
Greeks on January 23 defeated eighty
Bulgarians near Chesgerl, killing or
wounding thirty. Bulgarian villagers
of the same district are fleeing to the
mountains in fear of the Greeks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1905.
SENATE READY
TO TRY SWAYNE
Chief Justice Fuller Admin
isters the Oath to
bers of the Upper House
• |
JURIST IS SUMMONED
I
Sergeant at Arms Leaves to
Bring Him Before the
Bar of the High Tribunal
•
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.—The Sen
ate to-day took an important step in
the impeachment trial of United States
Judge Charles Swayne of the northern
district of Florida. The organization
for the trial was effected by the swear
ing of the Senators for that purpose;
the managers of the House were re
ceived for the purpose of formally pre
senting the articles of impeachment
and 'a resolution summoning Judge
Swayne to appear was adopted. Piatt
of Connecticut was elected to preside
at the trial sessions. Further proceed
ings were postponed until Friday next,
when Judge Swayne is expacted to ap- ''
pear before the bar of the Senate.
The ceremony was Impressive and
was witnessed by a full Senate and
by well-filled galleries. #
Estimates as to tho length of time
that the trial will occupy vary from
ten days to a month after it is once
begun. It is believed that when Judge
Swayne appears next Friday he will
ask for a few days in which to pre
pare his answer and when he does an
swer a day or two more will be given
to the House'for the presentation of its
replication. A number of witnesses
will be heard and considerable time will
be consumed by attorneys. A part of
each day will be given to the trial.
Judge Swayne is now in Wilmington. 1
Del., and Sergeant at Arms Ramsdeli
of the Senate left for that city to-night
to serve the Senate's summons upon
him.
At the instance of Piatt- of'Connecti- :
cut a roll call of the Senate was or
dered a few minutes before 2 o'clock
in order to insure a full attendance at
the time of the administration of the
oath.
Seventy-two Senators responded to ;
their names and the last name in the
list had scarcely been announced when
< hief Justice Fuller appeared at the
south of the Senate chamber. He was
flanked on the one side by Fairbanks
and on the other by Bacon. He was
ciad in the full robes of his office.
The entire rtenate had risen when the
(.'hief Justice was announced and re
mained standing until he was seated
on the left of President Pro Tern. Frye.
H<; proceeded immediately to admin
ister the oath to the president pro tern. >
and then to Piatt as the presiding oftl
cer for the trial. After they had been
sworn the roll was called and Senators
appeared in groups of ten before the
Senate bar to take the oath, which was
administered by the chief Justice.
OPPOSES SUGAR BILL.
Palmer Argues Against Ijctting .Bars
Down lo Philippines.
! WASHINGTON. Jan. a
; hearing before the Committff on
I Ways and Means to-day Secretary j
Palmer of the American Beet Sugar i
! Association opposed the pending bill \
reducing the duty bn sugar and tobac- |
co from the Philippine Islands.
Palmer said thht just prior to the
tariff agitation regarding Cuban sugar
|in 1901 eighty-six factories had been :
projected in this country. Not one of j
these was built. Since that time Eu- !
j rope had curtailed her sugar crop mi- !
j der the terms of the Brussels agree- j
j ment and the price had gone up to j
I the point where American capital was
|on the point of again enlarging the
j sugar Industry in this country. Now
to open the Philippine market in eom
i petition with the American beet su
i gar industry would again discoufage
> this movement.
I In replying to a question by Curtis,
i whose bill was under consideration.
I Palmer said that the total sugar prod
| uct of the Philippines was 145,000
', tons annually and If the United States
i took it all there would still have to
Ibe imported annually 1,500,000 tons
i to supply the demand.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Bids Rejected for Buildings in Fresno
and Patents Issued to *
Callfornians.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.—Bids for
the construction of the postofflce and
courthouse at Fresno have been re
jected, being in excess of the amount
available. No further action will be
taken at the present time, a bill hav
ing been introduced in Congress pro
viding for an additional appropriation.
Patents were issued to-day as follows
to Callfornians: Abram D. Desolla,
San Francisco, article of manufacture;
Arthur D. Duchow, Sonera, lifting and
dropping mechanism; Willis H. Fisher,
Los Angeles, wall construction; Harry
Hanson, assignor to M. A. Hanson, San
Francisco, potato slicer; Charles R.
Harris, assignor to American Percola
tor Company, Los Angeles, filter; Asa
A. Hoyt, Watsonville, animal trap;
Carl G. Jameson, Berkeley, sidewalk
elevator door; Emphrey J. Rubotton
and G. H. Clement, Felton, Jack for
lifting vehicles; Thomas C. Slsk,
Stockton, farm gate; Lewis S. Siden
stricker, Henleyville, wire stretcher.
TO AMEND HAWAIIAN ACT.
Kalanlanoale Introduces Bill Chang
ing Salaries In Islands.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.—Kalanl
anoale, delegate from Hawaii, intro
duced a bill to-day, amending the Ha
waiian act by fixing the salaries of
officials of the Territory as follows:
Governor, $5000; Secretary of the
Treasury, $3000; Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court, $5500; Associate Jus
tices, $5000 each; Judges of the Circuit
courts, $3000 each; the salaries of the
Supreme Court Justices and Circuit
Judges to be paid ,by the United
States; the United States District
Judge, $5000; United States Marshal,
$3000; United States Dietrict Attorney,
$3000, and it Is provided that the Gov
ernor shall receive in addition to his
salary $500 for stationery and Inci
dentals, and $2000 for his private secre
tary.
SCHOOL TEACHERS UNDERPAID.
Thus Declhres Champ Clark in Behalf
# of Washington Educators.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.—The Dis
trict of Columbia appropriation bill
again occupied the attention of the
House of Representatives to-day. At
times the proceedings were enlivened
by vigorous remarks in defense of a
proposition to increase materially the
salaries of Washington school teach
ers, who had many supporters on the
floor. Clark of Missouri, in a charac
teristic speech, said that more money
"FAUST" DRAWS
VAST AUDIENCE
AT THE TIVOLI
There were probably a thousand more
people than seats at the Tlvoll last
night for "Faust," and three hundred
or so of them elected to stand, on their
own feet or their neighbor's feet. The
rest went down Eddy street wondering
why the architects hadn't made the
Tivoli bigger while, they were about It.
They missed a rather curious
"Faust." Of one thing alone in grand
opera one may of course be certain —
that every performance of it will be
different. With the same cast, same
conductor, conditions apparently ex
actly similar, the same Opera will
count up something singularly different.
I venture a prophecy that Saturday's
"Faust" will show many yariations
from last night's. Some are to be
hoped for; others would be deeply
to be deplored. Almost all of Sisnor
Bazelli's Faust, for example, except a j
couple of falsetto notes in the "Salve |
Dinora," would suffer from change. I
Again, take the "Soldiers' Chorus" and
I don't remember a more wooden ren
dering.
That was the curious part of it. The
big things of the opera, mostly, went
indifferently. The unfeatured passages
were frequently quite remarkable in
their beauty.
The "Jewel Song," with Tetrazzini's
jeweled voice behind it, went without a
glitter—which brings one to Marguer
ite and Tetrazzini. It is no derogation
of the Tivon diva to say that the part
is out of her scope. It is out of Sem
brich's. Yet, it is the last thing one
would have expected. •
Here, in a performance that those j
who best knew her work declared was I
impossible to her. Melba sang and
acted a wonderful Marguerite. The lit
tle Tetrazzini in everything before has .
acted all round Melba. Also she has
had the honor to be compared with her i
as a singer. So ran the promise. But i
it was not until the fourth act that I
the singer got her usual acting grip j
on the situation* Then came a little
scene that thrilled with its portraiture
of despair. The singing, too. I have
heard singers with one-half of the
voice and not a touch of the quality
rake in laurels in the "Jewel Song."
Last right there was hardly even an
attempt at an encore. Neither was the
"King of Thule" anything but a sketch
of that charming ballad. Yet, in some j
of the smaller love scene passages, Te- i
trazzini was exquisiteness itself. As a
whole, however, it is apparent that the
role is not hers.
Bazelli again developed most pleas- \
antly. His voice did not stretch to the
full need of the role and he has many j
faults of method, but he has such a
pleasing quality of voice, such taste,
tenderness and sympathy, and withal \
such a genuine lyrical sense, that these j
carry him very far, and Signor Bazelli <
makes a charming lover. In the garden '
scene his love-making was managed !
with a delicacy and fervor that I re
member combined in no Faust of my
acquaintance since Michelena's.
Rossi, in a remarkably hand
some orange and black satanic con
fection* was the Mephisto. Quite in
tine with the rest of the performance !
his "Calf of Gold" failed of much of its j
effect. Yet Signor Rossi is a singer of !
parts, though in him there is neither a |
De Reszke nor Plancon. nor anything j
even approaching our old Dado. His
voice has neither the mass, brilliance
nor flexibility necessary for the role,
yet he contributed importantly to the
general effect. His devil, from the act
ing side, is a rather benevolent old
person, who, however, at Valentine's
sword cross, shows a highly effective
picture of fear.
Bettini, the Bauermeister of the com- |
pany, was again most .serviceable as
Martha. With the aforementioned !
singers she did excellent work in the I
garden quartet. Miss Eugenic Barker |
was fairly effective as Siebel. Signor i
Romboli. always earnest and sincere, i
was rather out of his depth as Yalen- !
tine, but did his best. Signor Rom- j
boll's tremolo was in uncomfortable j
evidence last night. One wishes he
wouldn't.
And now. honor to Signor Polacco
and the orchestra, that did the best
work of the evening.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Pioneer Napa Woman Buried.
NAPA. Jan. 24.—The funeral of Mrs.
P. Grldley. a pioneer woman of Napa
County, was held from the family res
idence near Napa this afternoon. Mrs.
Gridley died yesterday at the age of 64.
She was a native of South Bend. Ind.,
and came to California across the
plains in 1 1847. She resided on "Grid
ley ranch'" near Napa for nearly half
a century.
was being paid Washington policemen
to crack the skulls of the people than
was paid to school teachers to im
prove what was in the skulls.
MEAGER SUM FOR STATE.
Comparatively little Provided for
Rivers and Harbors.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.—The river
and harbor bill is said to be about
ready to be reported. In any event
California's somewhat meager share in
it may be stated with reasonable cer
tainty. Her apportionment has been
made up subject to change, but a
change Is not probable.
Oakland, which had asked for $718,000
will receive but $250,000 to begin her
great work of improvement. San Luis
Obispo gets $25,000, San Pedro $250,000.
The Sacramento River gets no more
than a provision for her snags, $25,000.
The San Joaquin gets her usual allow
ance of $20,000. For the harbor at
Honolulu $400,000 is appropriated to
carry on a great improvement there.
The entire apportionment is a disap
pointment to the California delegation,
but It Is the same treatment that is
being accorded to every section. Only
in cases of the most urgent necessity
is a full allowance being made. The
total of the bill is about half that of
•the last river and harbor bill.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.—Contrary
to expectations, counsel for the de
fense in the Smoot investigation before
the Senate Committee on Privileges
and Elections did not cdmplete ttfe ex
amination of witnesses to-day. When
adjournment was taken until to-mor
row, an announcement was made that
one more witness would be put on the
stand to-morrow. The testimony giv
en to-day was of an unimportant char
acter and much time was devoted to a
discussion between counsel of docu
mentary evidence offered by the de
fense. .
Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 —By order
of the War Department First Class
Private George M. McDermott of the
signal corps at Benlcia Barracks will
be sent to Fort Grant, Ariz., to relieve
Sergeant Samuel B. French.
Orders to naval officers—Lieutenant
E. B. Lorimer is ordered to the Inde
pendence at the navy yard at Mare
j Island; Corporal C. S. Kendall to the
department of construction and repair
at the navy yard at Mare Island; Cor
poral A. Burke is detached from the
navy yard at Mare Island on Febru
ary 14 and is ordered to the Maryland.
r PRAQERB
Remember This Is the Last Wednesday in the Month
There will Be "Something Doing" At Pragers
..To-Day..
Groceries & Liquors of Highest Quality
(Fourth Floor)
Specials for To-Day and Thursday'
Groceries Liquors
HAMS—Our Reliable best c S2j a fj^3 c s a ye "non- wine;
Eastern Sugar Cured—lb. spfciaT y .. 5 °?.. a . ga . ...1 37c
12C Dollar Brand Whisky—We have
Castile Soap—Large bars; 10 Soo bottles only; sold every
imported olive; bar...... >"C where at $1.00 a bottle;
Lemon or Vanilla Flavoring Ex- s P cc,al sale P rice 00C
tracts — Tower brand; best Old Crow—The genuine o-year
goods made. Vanilla, 20c per old copper distilled; regularly
bott ! e :. Lemon :: isc a bottle §JF, per . ga !! on :. sp . e ; st.oo
Kona - Our Hawaiian; most Kummel _ The gen uine Gilkaj.we
stores charge 30c per lb; *g handle no imitation
° ur P f,ce iyC brands; bottle $1M
Rice — Fancy Carolina head; _ , _
cooks large and whole; rcgu- White Label Stout—Me- Cf
larly 10c a tf lbs for 25c Mullen s; dozen JI.OJ
Oyster Cocktail Sauce— OA P° rt or Sherry—Full quarts; rich
Snider's; bottle *WC port or amber sherry; n/J
Prunes-Extra fancy Santa 3 bottles H-W
Clara; large; 3 lbs Kentucky Club Bourbon—Sour
Crystola—The ideal scour- mash; full quarts; bot- 7
ing soap; dozen tie *«IC
"Fleisher yarns. We carry them.
Our fi AjSI 7 w * lX6 mak "
Opens VBb I REIJABLE require-
Feb. Ist I W MARKETS&ONESSTS,
; business.
REDLANDS YOUNG MAN
ENDS LIFE WITH BULLET
Commits Suicide While Despondent
Because of the Continued Illness
of His Mother.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 24.—Earl
Garrison, a young man. was found
dead in his room at Redlands this
morning with a bullet hole In his head.
He took his life in a fit of despondency
caused by brooding over the illness of
his mother, who has long been con
fined in one of the sanitariums in Red
lands. Garrison went to see her every
day, and this forenoon his failure to
appear at the usual hour prompted the
physician to send for him. The messen
ger found the young man stretched
upon the tloor of his room. In his right
hand was clutched a revolver.
KESWICK SMELTER IS NOT
TO BE ENTIRELY ABANDONED
Copper Company Announce* That One
Furnace of Plant Will Be Kept
in Operation.
REDDING, Jan. 24.—The Mountain
Coppe* Company has given out a state
ment of what it intends to do with-the
copper-smelting plant at Keswick,
which rumor had moved to Bullshead
Point, near Martinez. It will not
abandon its Keswick plant. One fur
nace will be kept running, instead of
four, and 300 men will be employed, in
stead of 1200. A plant Is to be estab
lished at Bullshead Point.
Senatorial Fight in Nevada.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 24.—The ballot
in the State Senate for United States
Senator to-day resulted in ten votes
for Sparks and seven for Nixon. In
the House, Nixon received twenty-four
votes and Sparks lifteen. A joint bal
lot will be taken to-morrow. John
Sparks is the Governor of Nevada and
is a Democrat. Nixon is the Republi
can caucus nominee.
M INSTRUMENTS %
W IN THE WORLD %
(VICTOR!
■ TALKING MACHINES I
They bring to your'home mm
the best vocal and instru- M
mental talent of the age. mWK
rgSmm. The Victor is the only MlWsfa
-fSSHL satisfactory talking ma- <Amyr**%
chine made Jt AmW^^ji
I Sherman, Clay <Sb Co. j
PACIFIC COAST DISTRIBUTERS ||
? Kearny and Sutter Streets, San Francisco
I 13th and Broadway, Oakland |
WOMAN GIVES LOT AND CASH
TO WORTHY ORGANIZATION
Mrs. Anna K. Bidwell of Chlco Makes
Gift to Young Men's Christian
Association.
CHICO, Jan. «.—Meetings hare been
held in this city In the last few days
with the object of establishing a
branch of the Young Men's Christian
Association here. An active campaign
was inaugurated last night at a ban
quet, at which a number of prominent
men were present. Mrs. Anna K. Bid
well has given a building lot and J2OOO
to the organizers.
Talk of Labor and Poverty.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.—The twenty
fifth anniversary of the publication of
Henry George's "Progress and Pov
erty" was commemorated to-night at a
dinner at the Hotel Astor. Represen
tative speakers reviewed the influence
of the book and considered the prob
abl future trend of public thought
and action on economic subjects. Ham
lin Garland presided, and the other
speakers on the subject of labor and
poverty were: William J. Bryan, Louis
F. Post. William Lloyd Garrison and
Henry George Jr.
Race Between Giant Vessels.
VICTORIA, B. Cm Jan. 24.—The
steamer Minnesota, the monster Hill
liner, which went to sea to-day, passed
out together with the Canadian Pacific
steamer Empress of Japan, and marine
men are much Interested In a prospec
tive race between the-»two vessels.
Consul Coming to California.
MEXICO CITY. Jan. 24.—Edward
D. Light, for many years United
States consular agent at Guanajuto.
has resigned on account of 111 health
and was given a farewell reception In
that city. He will immediately start
for his new home in California.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRJSCTtELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL, COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN • Manager
THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, BAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 25, 1905
THE TRANSPORTATION INTERESTS.
THE railroads are massing a great force in Washington to oppose
the policy of the President. Mr. J. J. Hill of the Great Northern
seems to be the field marshal of this well organized army.
. Railroad officials are active among the millions of employes, who arc
■. told that if the President prevail, and succeed in reducing rates, there
must be a corresponding reduction in the wages of the operatives.
This is intended to effect results at the polls. A majority of the
operatives are voters and each voter can influence one or more other
voters, and the campaign will be carried into the next Congressional
election.
The railroad view of the case was put very plainly and very
, : strongly during the late Senatorial contest at Sacramento. The
Union of that city, in an editorial expression, declared the right of
the Southern Pacific to influence the election of a Senator, on the
• ground that it represented an investment of $200,000,000, that was
as much entitled to a voice in that election and in shaping the policy 1
. of legislation as the farmers and manufacturers. But is this argu
.rnent sound? That a railroad has a right to protect itself from in
justice, and defend itself against measures that have mere spoliation ,
for their purpose, no one denies, but that it occupies the same po
sition as rural producers and manufacturers is not true.
The men who from the soil produce the food stock of the coun- j
. • try; and the fibers for its clothing, as well as most of the manufac
turers, have no power to make" the price pf their product. It is
prepared and sent to market, there to be subject to the law of supply
1 . and demand, and as far as its export surplus is concerned to meet
the competition of other countries. The only control its owners
have over it ceases when it leaves their hands and goes to market.
.'* ' -The products of the soil are at the producer's risk. He has to con
tend against wind and weather, frost, flood and drought, and when
these risks are passed has no power to recoup any loss they have
: "caused by adding it to the price paid by the consumer. To reach a
market the producer has to use a railroad or other means of trans- j
portation, and his freight has to be prepaid, or no shipment. Over
. the freight rate he has no control. He has produce to sell and is
•powerless to fix its price. The railroad has transportation to sell
•:. and fixes its own price, makes its own classification and takes its
• " own time. It does this without regard to whether the producer gets
' any profit or not. It shares none of his losses, assumes no part of
his risks, and is indifferent to his fate, except that it desires him to
produce tonnage which it carries for any rate it chooses to fix.
Now this situation is not one to quarrel about, nor to become
■ ' .socialistic about. It inheres in the nature of things. The power to
.fix a rate for transportation affects every mouthful of food the people
eat, every piece of clothing they wear, every board and shingle, brick
and stone that goes into the houses that shelter them, and every
; pound of coal that warms them or cooks their food. The rate of
• transportation, then, is in the nature of a tax levied upon all of the
necessaries of life, and it is seen at once that the corporations which
. .fix that rate occupy a totally different place, and have a totally dif
ferent relation to the public welfare and to State and national leg
islation, from the producer and manufacturer. It is entirely with
in the power of a railroad company to say where any form of pro
duction shall flourish and where it shall fade. In this State the
railroads can say where flour is to be made and where not. If they
° - are getting the benefit of the long haul .into California of any manu
: • factured product, they can prevent the manufacture of that product
• here, no matter what its benefit to the State. To say that a power
of this kind is merely on an equality with the manufacturer and with
'• the tiller of the soil is to do violence to common sense and misrepre
.sent the economic facts. ,
The foregoing statement is not made in a spirit of enmity to
■•. • railroads, nor with any desire to incite enmity toward them. Its
truth is known to every railroad manager in the United States. Com
pared with the rest of the world, all railroad rates are cheap in this
country, and our railroad system is an object of pride to our people
• and is the wonder of foreigners. Yet the evidence is indisputable
that in levying a transportation tax upon the producer there are cry
•ing inequities. When that tax is rebated to favored shippers the
roads confess that it is higher to the non-favored shippers than it
' ought to be. It is known that on this coast and in this State certain
. producers and certain shippers of lumber and other articles depend
. for their profits upon rebate of this transportation tax. That is not
• a healthy nor reliable condition for business. The shipper that pros
pers under it this year may be ruined by its transfer to another next
year. It is a system that can be used for the advantage of transporta
tion only. The farmer cannot give a rebate on the price of his
products to any favored consumer. He is powerless. Again, railroads
can crush any form of manufacture and obsolete it, ruin its projectors
and' damage the local community, by juggling with rates.
The President proposes only that this vast power shall be sub
ject to Government control, that the levy of the transportation tax
shall be subject to review, and that rates shall be for all, and not be
•secretly rebated for the benefit of a few. It will be seen that this is
not a proposition to lower rates or to raise them. It is merely a
»' proposition that this command of the welfare and condition of the
people shall be put under control.
It is our judgment that the transportation interests will do
wisely by helping the President, and unwisely by hindering him.
KLAMATH RECLAMATION SCHEME.
WITH some of our worthy solons the word "recession" has
come to be such a bogey that it is shied from with fear and
much frantic voicing of warnings whenever met. The matter
of the Klamath Lake drainage scheme is a case in point. Because
when the joint action of Oregon and California shall have brought
about the irrigation of thousands of acres of heretofore barren bad
lands, and the marshy borders of upper and lower Klamath lakes
shall have been drained as a consequence, the Federal Government
. will assert its title to all lands so drained, there are certain of the
California Legislature who see in this a dangerous "recession" of
, State lands to the National Government.
Here again, as in the case of the Yosemite, it is necessary to
• call attention to the fact that nothing can be receded to the Federal
Government which already belongs to it by inalienable right. The
tide cf the United States to the beds of such bodies of water as
those of the two lakes along tho northern boundary of the State is
tmdifputed and when a portion of these lake beds is exposed by
dra-.ning joint action of the Oregon and California Legislatures but
makes .formal asseveration of the Federal Government's right to the
Though Oregon's interest in the proposed reclamation project
is paramount, California has a great deal to gain from *he successful
prosecution of the work. By the lowering of the levels of upper and
lower Klamath lakes vast reaches of land in Modoc and Siskiyou
counties in this State and of Klamath County in the neighboring
commonwealth will be turned over to irrigation and made a rich
grass country for stock. The proposed engineering works will neces
sitate the diversion of waters from one State to another. The Gov
ernment reclamation service has made provision for conducting the
.work. It needs only the joint action of the two Legislatures in af
firming the Federal title to marsh lands thus drained to insure the im
mediate commencement of operations. A quibble over "recession"
should not be allowed to divert attention from the main ends in
view.
No change in the South is so great or so promising for lasting effect
as the immigration that is gradually and steadily turning thither. The Com
missioner of Immigration has considered plans for reducing urban congestion
by suggesting immigration to the South. Railroad agents are at work in the
same direction. Already the process has become visible. In the growth
of Southern manufacturing interests white labor la conspicuous, while in agri
cultural pursuits the presence of Italians chiefly Is marked by a sufficiency
of numbers to indicate the trend of development,—lndianapolis News.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1005.
BREAK O' DAY
HARRISON SMITH
He made his way toward the
sound and beheld Miss Curler.
* +
WHEN Preston stepped out
into the gray November
morning the camp was wrap
ped in silence. Far away to
the east a streak of gold her
alded the coming day. He paused for
a moment to watch a flock of geese
high above his head, winging their
way southward and listening to their
hoarse cries drifting down through
the still morning air.
The giant pines stood grim and
black against the sky and the little
group of log shelters seemed timid
pygmies nestling beneath them for
protection. There was a touch of
frost in the air which set the man's
teeth chattering. He picked up his
gun and strode briskly through the
underbrush toward the little pond
some rods back of the camp.
It was an ideal morning for black
duck, and unless he was vastly mis
taken, he told himself, there should
be quite a flock of them
abou,t the pond. He jammed a shell
into either barrel of the gun and
snapping the breech shut, he began to
move cautiously through the woods,
carefully avoiding the broken twigs
lest the noise of his footsteps should
alarm his quarry.
The last few yards between the
t amp and the pond he covered on his
hands and knees, creeping silently for
ward and pausing now and then to
peer through the half light and listen
intently.
When finally he reached the pond
the band of gold along the eastern
horizon had widened and the light
whs considerably stronger. There were
the ducks, just as he had expected.
In the middle of the pond was a large
flock, while close at hand a dozen
black figures lay quietly on the sur
face of the water.
Very cautiously he raised the gun,
took a long, cool aim at the nearest
birds and pulled the left barrel. To
his unbounded amazement not a bird
rose from the nearest group; the large
flock in the middle of the pond rose
with a great flapping of wings and
hoarse croaks of alarm. He fired at
them with the right barrel, but the
distance was too great for the shot to
inflict any apparent damage on the
retreating flock.
He jumped to his feet and stood
staring at the dozen black dots still
motionless on the water. To his In
HOW IT LOOKED TO HTM.
She (at the opera)— Mrs. Newrlche
puts on lots of style, doesn't she?
He —Judging from the way she
looks that's about all she's got on.
GOOD NAME.
Wenneck —Why do yqu call your
wife a dream?
Henpeck—Dreams always go by
contraries.
1 finite chagrin he discovered that those
twelve motionless figures were canvas
decoys, two of them with gaping sides
where his shot had told. He had
wasted his ammunition on the decoys
| while the ducks themselves had flown
away unharmed.
As the ridiculous truth flashed upon
j him Preston uttered a single word
j explosively—a short, expressive word.
|In fact, he said "Damn!" and the
manner in which he said it left no
doubt as to his meaning.
As he turned disgustedly from the
pond a peal of merry laughter echoed
from the underbrush. He made his
way toward the sound and beheld
Miss Cuyler seated on the ground, a
gun across her knees and tears of
merriment streaming down her face.
Preston stared at her in amazed help
lessness.
"You here?" he muttered incredu
lously.
The girl held her sides.
"I made an early start for black
j duck, too," she explained, "and -while
I was waiting for the flock to come in
nearer, you came stalking along and
—and—" She went into another spasm
of merriment.
J"I came—l saw—and oh! I heard!"
I she gasped, breathless from laughter. ;
j "You heard?" Preston said in dismay. ;
j"I didn't, really intend to say that. It j
: slipped out before I thought."
"I see," she said mockingly. "You'd
' better get the punt and flsh out those
damaged decoys or the story of your
, adventure may get around."
Preston turned to her questioningly.
"Aren't you going to tell the story
to the camp?" he asked.
"No," she said smilingly.
He looked at her with undisguised
relief.
"You are a trump!" he said emphati- '
cally.
She laughed lightly.
I "So long as I've frightened all the
ducks outVf the vicinity with my can
, nonading, I suppose we may as well go
back to camp for breakfast," he sug
gested.
He helped her to her feet and they
trudged back through the underbrush.
Preston noted that she was doubly
pretty with her short skirt and shoot
ing Jacket and the frosty air bringing
out the color in her cheeks. And, of
course, he told himself bitterly, it must
needs be before her, of all women in
the world, that he had made an idiot
of himself.
Half way back to camp the girl
turned to him impulsively.
"I'm going to make a confession,"
she said.
They paused under a tall pine. The
first rays of the sun were lighting the
tree tops.
"You didn't blow holes in both those
decoys," she said. "I fixed the first one
just as you did, an hour before you
came. It was very dark then, you see."
she added by way of extenuation.
"You took a shot at the decoys, too?" |
he crtod.
She"odded slowly.
"You are very generous to tell .me
that," he said with considerable
warmth.
"It's only fair to tell you." she said,
and then added, "You looked so funny
and It would make such a beautiful
story to tell the camp! Now you have
a story on me equally as good. That
will hold my tongue in check."
Preston looked at her gratefully. !
"I'll tell you what let's do," he said
suddenly. "Let's pool our secrets."
"Our duck secrets?" she asked.
"All our secrets," he said, taking her
hand and drawing her to him. "Let's
establish a community of interests—
for two."
The girl's glance dropped.
"If—if you think best—" she began.
"I do," he declared earnestly. "Now
we'll go back to camp and announce it.
It will make almost as good a story as
the one they will never hear."
(Copyright, 1905, by T. C. McClure.)
POOR MAN.
Smith—la your wife's mother with
you?
Jones—No, she's always against me.
PROOF POSITIVE.
Wiggs—How do you know that you
were never in love?
Wiggs—l got married.
She Is the Only
Woman Clerk of
Federal Court.
MISS CARRIE DAVISON.
nl S S CARRIE DAVISON,
daughter of the late Darius J.
Davison of Detroit, who has
just been appointed clerk of
the United States District
Court at Detroit, is the only woman
in the United States honored with
such an office. Her appointment by
Judge Swan comes as a reward for her
meritorious services and follows her
work as deputy clerk of the court.
Miss Davison first entered the office
as a clerk for her father in 1899, and
the following year she was appointed
a deputy.
WH ST AND IHE WOMAN
"I knew when I first heard the case
There was a woman in it!
Oh. Mr. Brown, is that your ace?
I'll play in just a minute.
Poor boy! I don't know what he'll do.
It seems a dreadful scandal!
Oh. dear! I've dropped a card or two.
They are so hard to handle!
"Oh, thank you, thank you. Mr. Brown!
I fear you got a bump, sir!
It seems 'tis known all over town!
What did you say was trump, sir?
Was that your ace? Oh. well, then I
Will change the card I'm playing;
Oh, yes. you did it, Mrs. Bly!
Let s see—what was I saying.
"Dear, dear! What was it that you led?
I wish that I wore able
To keep the cards all In my head! »
It fell beneath the table
I think—yes. it's right over there!
How careless 'twas to let it
Slip from my hand. Oh. Mr. Dare!
How good of you to get it!
"My lead? Oh. pardon me! I thought
You took the triek —that last one.
Has diamonds been led or not?
How these things do slip past one!
Oh. Amy, did you hear that Sue
Was coming for a visit?
What! Did I take that club trick, too?
Oh! That's trump signal, is it?
"Oh. pshaw! I've lost my king! Dear, dear!
How stupid 'twas to lose it!
I thought that ace was played—back
here!
Pray, Mr. Brown, excuse it!
They get the odd! I thought we had!
Some one reneged, I'm certain!
Oh, Mr. Brown, that is too bad!
I I'm awful sorry!" (Curtain.)
—J. W. Foley in New York Times.
THEIR FIRST "QUARREL
' Of course, everybody in the Pull
man knew they were bride and groom.
But, Just to show that they were, not,
he went forward to the smoking com
partment.
1 Suddenly the train shot into a tun
nel and as it emerged he came rushing
down the aisle toward her. His look
of chagrin was met by hers of resent
ment. He tried to explain, but she
looked steadily out the window and
said in that icy tone of finality, which
is an offended woman's last weapon:
"But you have been over the road be
; fore."
He pleaded in vain and finally went
| back to smoke. No sooner had he
gone than the train entered another
tunnel. He nearly reached her this
time, but daylight caught him again.
Everybody else in the car Jaughed.
They both looked around in"tfrprise.
Then the humor of it dawned on them
! and they laughed, too. He decided not
ito smoke, —Pacific Monthly for Jan
uary.
TO KEEP YOUNG/
Keep in the sunlight; nothing beau
tiful or sweet grows or ripens in the
darkness.
Avoid fear in all its varied forms of
expression. It is the greatest enemy of
the human race.
Avoid excesses of all kinds; they are
Injurious. The long life must be a
temperate, regular life.
Don't live to eat, but eat to live. \
Many of our ills are due to overeating,
to eating the wrong things and to Ir
regular eating.^
Don't allow yourself to think on
your birthday that you are a year
older and so much nearer the end.
Never look on the dark side; take
sunny views of everything; a sunny
thought drives away the shadows.
Be a child; live simply and naturally
and keep clear of entangling alliances
and complications of all kinds.
Cultivate the spirit of contentment;
all discontent and dissatisfaction bring
age furrows prematurely to the face.
Form a habit of throwing off before
going to bed at night all the cares and
anxieties of the day—everything which
can possibly cause mental wear and
tear or deprive you of rest. —Chicago
News.
Italy's Population Grows.
In Italy there are 172,000 skilled work
men engaged in the manufacture of
silk. In 1902 800,000 of her people emi
grated. More than 3,000,000 of her peo
ple have left their country during the
last ten years, yet there is a gradual
increase in population.
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st*
Special information supplied daily to
business housA and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE SMART SET
In the white and gold ballroom of the
i St. Francis one of the brilliant private
! balls of the winter was given with Mrs.
j George Whittell and Miss Florence
' Whittell as the hostesses.
The guests were received In the
drawing-room adjoining the ballroom,
where great bunches of carnations
stood about In brass vases. Fair, in
all truth, was the young hostess in a
fetching frock of white chiffon satin
and gold, displaying a superb poise,
gained, of course, from the big out-of
doors—wherein Miss Whittell spends
most of her waking hours.
The guests, numbering about one
hundred, arrived at, the late hour, re
cently established as good form. And
jit was not until nearly midnight that
the ball was in full swing.
Preceding the dance the hostess en
tertained thirty friends at dinner,
mostly of the Burlingame set. As at
the ball, the dinner was a gay affair—
I and superb In appointments. American
beauty roses and a wildwood of fern
graced the table, with a sweet witchery
of light falling from ruby shades.
Indisputably is the Whittell affair
the smart affair of the week—almost of
. the month.
Buttercups and daisies, baby-blue
eyes and whispering grasses, all fresh
from the warm breast of nature,
bobbed and bowed a welcome to the
two fair visitors to California, Miss
Katherlne McCann and Miss May
Deerlng, who gathered yesterday about
the luncheon board as the guests ot
Miss Jehnie Blair.
A wise thought, this—introducing to
visitors from frozen-up Gotham these
blossoms that grow wild and unheeded
on the hills about the bay. This
voiceless tribute to the prodigality of
our climate will impress the wanderers
as no words could or would.
Among those who lunched as Miss
Blair's guests were: Miss Katherine
McCann, Miss May Deering of New
York, Miss Constance Crlmmlns, Miss
Anita Harvey, Miss Margaret Hyde-
Smith, Miss Charlotte Wilson, Miss
Grace Spreckels, Miss Lily Spreckels,
Mrs. C. Fred Kohl, Mrs, Henry Foster
Dutton and Mrs. George McAneny.
• • •
Mrs. Gertrude McCauley and George
S. Field will h» married to-morrow
evening at the Pleasanton. Mrs. J.
E. McNeill will be matron of honor,
the groom is to be served by Frank
Owen as best man.
A very few friends of the happy pair
will be present at the ceremony. On
Tuesday night Charles H. White,
father of the bride, arrived from Col
orado Springs to attend the wedding.
• * •
The Comme il Faut Club of San
Rafael, recently organized, held an in
teresting meeting on January 17, when
THOSE WET STREET CAR SEATS.
Editor The Call: In line with the
agitation toward improvement of the
streetcars of this city a suggestion is
Offered to the United Railroads, which,
if carried out in these showery days,
will add greatly to the convenience If
not to the health of the traveling com
munity.
So far as is apparent no provision |
is made by the corporation to remove
the rain which falls on the outside
seats of its cars, that very necessary
duty being left entirely to the absorp
tion and natural heat provided by the
tired citizen, who chooses a temporary
rest at the expense of a possible cold
and pneumonia. The concave forma
tion of the seats is peculiarly fitted for
holding the water and about half of
the seating capacity of the car is ex- ■
posed to the weather.
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
zibeline top coat in very dark gray, lined with satin several
sliades 'tighter. A box pleat extending from the collar to the
bottom at the back finishes the necessary fullness and stylish
flare tozvard the hem.
SALLY SHARP
i the subject of "Russia's Graivi
! Mujik," by Count Leo Tolstoi, waa
I cleverly handled by Miss Helen Bing-
Iham. . •
Miss Katherlne McCann and Miss
' Leering, now visiting under the roof
j tree of the Kohls, will be most de-
I lightfully entertained during t
j stay.
I There Is nothing more promising i n
j the social forecast than the dance to
ibe given by Mrs. Frederick Kohl on
February 3 to the two fair New Yo;
ers.
• • •
Miss Marie Wells entertained at din
ner yesterday in honor of Miss Grace
Hecht.
• • •
Mrs. William Weir was hostess at a
large card party yesterday afterm
« * •
Mme. Fabbri-Mueller's concert
morrow night will be largely attends t
by our society folk and art lovero.
Mme. Francisca will sing the mad
scene from "Hamlet."
• • •
Mrs. George Pope entertained several
guests at dinner last evening prior to
attending the Whittell ball at the St
Francis.
• * •
A large bridge party was given yes
terday by Mrs. Gerrltt Livingston Lan
sing in her apartments at the St.
Dunstan.
• • *
Miss Christine Pomeroy gave a
luncheon to ten of the most Interesting
society maids on Monday in the palm
garden of the Palace Hotel.
• • •
Mrs. Charles Dougherty and Mr?.
Jabish Clement entertained on Monday
at a "telephone" tea in Mrs. Dough
erty's apartment in the Pleasanton.
• • *
, Miss Dorothy Eells. who leaves on
Thursday with her mother, Mr*.
Charles Parmelee Eells, for the East,
entertained informally at tea yester
day, making this an occasion of fare
well to her friends.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. Frank L. Johnson of
San Rafael are closing their home there
for a time, to spend a few months In
town.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Walton Tully
have arrived from New York and are
j temporarily visiting In Berkeley. Af
j ter an absence of a year and a half,
; Mr. and Mrs. Tully will remain in Cali
i fornia several months. Mra. Tully's
j new book Is completed and will soon
appear serially. Latterly It will be
dramatized. Mr. Tully is under con
tract for two plays, upon which he is
working with fine zeal. During their
stay the Tullys will build a home here,
showing their loyalty for California
j and the probability of a continuous
j residence on this coast.
The number of ears run is not suf
| ficient to provide inside seats for all
■ passengers, even though they are dte
| posed to ride inside, and they are thWs
| confronted with the alternative of sit
ting on a wet and sloppy seat or
of standing. In the case of the cable
cars If passengers elect to stand they
| have the added annoyance of having
their collars serve as drain pipes for
what is left of the latest shower.
The matter could be very easily
remedied by the company's instructing
the car employes to clean the seats
after each rainfall. Failure to do so
as at present is simple neglect and
does not show the attention to the
rights of a traveler that It is incum
bent upon a common carrier to fur
nish. GEORGE DALY RIDER. »
j £fan Francisco, January 23.EPISCOPALIANS CALL
ANNUAL MEETING.
FIFTY-FIFTH CONVENTION OF THE DIOCESE
The fifty-fifth convention of the Epis
copaJ Diocese of California opened at
: -Grace Church, California street, cor
ner of Stockton, yesterday morning. At
10:30 there was celebration of the holy
communion, the Right Rev. Bishop
William Ford Nichols being the cele
brant and preacher.
There was an exceptionally large at
tendance of clergy and laymen and
women, who listened intently to an Im
passioned and deeply spiritual address
:by the Bishop dealing with the con-1
duct of the convention and the liberal
privileges which allowed any one to
speak on the floor of the house.
■He expressed his deep admiration of
• such an institution as the "convention,"
wiiich, he said, was purely American.
.He believed that nothing more im
pressed the Archbishop of Canterbury
when attending the great Protestant
.. -.'Episcopal Convention in Boston, than
• the idea and openness and free expres
"j sion of the convention. In England,
he believed, there is now a movement
•for a freer expression of matters per
taining to the church.
Bishop Nichols asked that there be
• no disabilities, but that every parish
'• • might be fully represented, and he made
it clear that no one must feel that he
cannot have in that house a full and
- lair hearing.
. .He considered it "the power house"
which sent pulsation through the dio
cese, and being a "live church," it
' -looked'"live questions in the face.** He
' courted the consideration of the social
as well as spiritual and material ques
• tionjs and hoped that they would have
all-views presented.
• . Sacred music was beautifully ren
. dered by the splendid choir of Grace
. Church under the direction of William
H. Holt, the organist.
BUSINESS IN EARNEST.
At the conclusion of the morning ser
'• vice the whole of the immense delega
tion, as has been the custom for years,
' took luncheon at the Occidental Hotel
and on the assembly reforming in
Grace Church the business of the con
' vention began in earnest.
Bishop Nichols presided and the al
ready large attendance increased with
•' th.c arrival of delegates from other
cities.
With expedition the convention began
•tp propose officers. No sooner was the
• name of the Rev. Mardon D. Wilson
submitted for secretary, a post of honor
accorded him for many year* than the
. whole convention voted in 1 favor. A
' similar honor was conferred upon
George H. Hooke and the Rev. Clifton
-. Macon, whose past services were re
. membered Without opposition they
Were selected as assistant secretaries.
The following regular committees
were then appointed:
On credentials—Rev. M. D. Wilson, secre
tary; G. H. Hooke. assistant secretary, and
A. S. Bacon.
On the incorporation and admission of
parishes and missions—Rev. C. T. Walkley,
B L. Barney and C H. Hubbs.
On finance—L. M. Rlrgrwalt. Dr. H. C.
Davis, Brace Haydn. D. H. Kane and W. A.
. M - . Van Bokkelen.
On auditing—Francis Avery. F. H. Eich
baum and A. C. Kains.
■On canons—Rev. F. W. Clampett, Rev. D.
O. Kelley, Rev. E L. Parsons, A. N. Drown.
. VUecM Xeale, W. A. M. Van Bokkelen.
On Christian education —Rev. J. O. Lincoln.
.Rev. W. A Brewer. Rev. C. Hitchcock, Dr.
.\Y A. Merrill, Dr. H. R. Falrclough.
On church charities—Rev. Burr M. Weeden,
Rev.. N. B. W. Gallwey, E. D. Beylard. A.
B. Price, W. E. F. Deal.
'On the state of the church—Rev. D. C.
Gardner, Rev. J. W. Gresham, A. C. WyckorT.
. ' Or. unfinished business—Rev. David J.
.Evans, Charles R. Jones and E. E. Osborne.
{'ommtttee on diocesan conference—Rev. D.
' 0.-. Gardner, Rev. Burr M. Weeden and Dr.
. C- Gayley.
: • AMENDMENTS ADOPTED.
Proposed canonical amendments
. came up for consideration and were
.' submitted by the Rev. D. O. Kelley,
with the result that section 290 was
amended, having reference to the selec- i
tinn of a rector by the vestry in the!
'absence of the Bishop, requiring that!
ADVERTISEMENTS.^
RATIONAL TREATMENT
OF
Stomach Diseases
MEANS :
•Discard Inj\irio\is Drug's
A Harmless Powerful Germicide
Endorsed by Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
'on Free Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
druggists.
NOT OENUINC WITHOUT MT SIftNATURE:
61 O PRINCt ST.. NEW YOHK.
Writs ros Pmt Booiarr oh rational Trsatsbwt
of Di-iAee.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
In All Its Branches.
PAINLESS
'fw^ mnmrm SL in aU that
the term
i ijj implies.
.Guaranteed full set of teeth S3 .on
■ Guaranteed bridge work, per tooth K3.4M)
Guaranteed gold crowns, 22 karat g01d..f3.00
Guaranteed sliver fillings SOo
We Extract Teeth Positively and Abso
lutely Without Pain.
We use no gas: our method is simple, pleas
ant and harmless as milk.
• • We remove nerves without the slightest pain I
to 'patients, and heal abscessed teeth In from
one to three treatments.
Ho Students In This Office.
Crown and Bridge Work Wa Make a
Specialty.
Note—lf you can't afford to pay all down for
your work, pay what you can and we can ar
range easy payments for the balance.
IT DON'T HURT A BIT is what you will
Bay It you go to the
AMERICA, PAINLESS DENTISTS
Office hours, 9 to 9; Sundays, 10 to 2.
030 Market St.. Opposite Emporium.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CURE FOR MEN.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
casts In a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. HO OTHER TREATMENT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Curea Stric
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
p. s. man gw arm act. ios Bddy.
C ways.Remember the gull Jrjfißf
axative promo Qmnine
Cure*• ColdiaOueDsy,Grfjta 3 Days
-A.'
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL DIOCESE OF CALI
FORNIA WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE PART AS DELEGATES IN THE
FIFTY-FIFTH CONVENTION. WHICH OPENED YESTERDAY.
Immediately after such meeting tht
name of the clergyman selected must
be communicated to the Bishop. The
Bishop, if he desires, is to designate a
date for a conference, which date shall
be within twenty days after receiving
notification of the. selection. By the
amendment it will require an affirm
ative vote of two-thirds of the whole
number of vestrymen to elect a rector.
The proposed amendment of section
326 of the Canons was carriecW and |
reads:
The duties of the archdeacon shall be those
of a eene-ral missionary in the diot-ese, under
the dtrection of the Bishop, and adjutant to
the Bishop in the administration of the work
at church extension in the diocese. He shall
be, ex officio, a member of each convocation.
Section 420 was amended so that at
each annual convention there shall be
elected six persons who with the Bishop
of the diocese, ex-officio, shall consti
tute a board of directors of "that cor
poration known as The Protestant
Episcopal Church in the Diocese of
California."
Section 430, (Canon 17). which was
adopted, relates to a Sunday School
commission of the diocese consisting
of nine clergymen and three lay mem
bers to be appointed by the Bishop.
The commission may adopt by-laws
providing for president and other of
ficers.
IMPORTANT DECISION.
By the adoption of an addition to
section 561 all canons enacted, unless
otherwise ordered, take effect after and
on adjournment of the convention in
which they are enacted.
The following important amendment
to the constitution was approved to be
finally acted upon at the next con
vention:
Trust funds—Section 94. The canonical pro,
visions and retaliations relating to the invested
funds and trust funds of the diocese now ex
isting or which 'may hereafter be created, at
such provisions and regulations may stand at
the time of any gift or bequest to such funds
or at the time of any collection taken .up in
this diocese for any of such funds, and such
further conditions -s may have been specified
In any gift or bequest to any of such funds,
shall constitute a specific contract between
the diocese and the donors or contributors to
such funds; and the good faith of the diocese
Is pledged that such contract shall be faith
fully kept and observed. The canons regu
lating the Invested funds and trust funds of
this diocese may from time to time be altered
or amended, but no such alterations thereof
or amendments thereto shall In any way af
fect gifts, bequests or contributions which
have been made prior to such alteration or
amendment.
A recess was taken until 9:80 this
morning, when the matter of "The
House of Churchwomen" will be taken
up, a proposal which has created the
greatest interest.
SERVICES AT ST. PAUL'S.
Choral Pieces Will Be Rendered by
Quartet and Chorus.
The feast of the conversion of St.
Paul will be celebrated in St Paul's
Church, California street, near Fill
more, at 10 o'clock this morning.
There will be a celebration of holy
communion. At 7:30 p. m. choral
numbers will be sung by St. Paul's
quartet and chorus choir.
At 8 p. m. the tenth aniversary of
St. Paul's Guild will be celebrated,
followed by a reception, at which the
ladies of the guild will serve refresh.,
ments.
Arrangements are being made to
place in the church a beautiful roemo«
rial marble font In memory of Mrs.
William Mackay, a devoted communi
cant and chorister.
A boy Is old enough to be welcome
In the neighbor girl'g parlor long be
fore his sister thinks he Is old enough
to sit In the parlor at home.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1905.
ENCAMPMENT OF GRAND
ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC
Indications That Colonel A. D. Cutler
Will Be Chosen Department Com
mander.
The annual encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic Depart
ment of California and Nevada, will
take place in Marysville next April.
There are signs of a contest for the
office of commander, with indications
favorable to the election of Colonel
A. D. Cutler of San Francisco. He was
a candidate two years ago, but the en.
campment at that time conferred the
honor of leadership on Major General
Shatter. Colonel Cutler has many
active supporters, and if the large
posts of this city declare in his favor
he will be elected. Word comes from
the north that the people of Tuba
County are making extensive prepar
ations to welcome the veterans and
promote the success of the encamp
ment.
It is better to kiss a girl right under
her nose than behind her back.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
First Rightway f||t
___ i_ g j__s Mm*
Special Newt Thii Week. _y
We have selected for your special attention one line of
shoes for men and women. The regular price of both is
$3.00 —the sale price will be $3.35. Makes a great chance,
because you are sure of your size and width.
FOR MEN FOR WOMEN
There is a full line—all sizes The leather is vlci kid. with dull
and widths. They are made on the mat kid or plain kid top, with pat-
Manhattan last, of vlci kid and ent tips. Medium and heavy
box calf, in lace style. Aft rip weight soles, welted. Aft A p
Regular prloe $3.00. \ I a! k Regular price $8.00, VI 1k
sale price WeVItJU sale price tPe&ItJV
Country Orders Filled the Some Day at Received.
WEDDING CORES
DYING WOMAN
Shadow of Reaper Vanishes
When Minister Gives
Cupid Chance to Shine
CEREMONY IS MEDICINE
Emma Shalich Revives After
Marriage Ceremony Makes
Her Mrs. Walter Bright
4t
When Walter G. Bright went to the
bedside of pretty Emma Schalich of
2816 Golden Gate avenue and asked
her hand in marriage she was in the
shadow of death. They had long been I
lovers, but a few days ago a malig
nant form of appendicitis struck her
down. The potions of the physician
fail«d to alleviate her intense pain
and suffering. He feared the shock
of the surgeon's knife, and to the
sembled family and friends said there \
was no hope.
Bright was apprised of the critical
condition of the girl who had plighted
her troth to him. he sought her
bedside and asked to be left alone i
with her. When he emerged he an
nounced that a wedding ceremony waa
to be performed and then was quickly
on his way to the City Hall. The pa- j
tient was found with her sunken eyes
Ut up and her feeble words were
spoken stronger. Shortly Bright re%
turned with Rev. Mr. Liebe of the
Richmond Lutheran Church. The
young man stood at the side of the
bed and lifted the hand of his bride
a trifle as the marriage vows were
spoken. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Scha
lich. the narents. and a few friends
in the household were in attendance.
The only hope, if any, lay in an
operation, said the doctor. Mrs.
Bright was an hour later conveyed to
the French Hospital. The operation
was performed yesterday, and last
evening the surgeon gave almost posi- L
tive assurance that his patient would
recover.
' She had rallied to a remarkable j
degree before the operation was
formed,"' was his explanation. "She
was not the weak patient that one j
fears will succumb under the knife. ;
She had revived wonderfully and was j
strong and brave for the operation."
Bright was formerly a car con-,
ductor, and a few months ago was
employed as an extra man in the Reg%
istrar's office.
BAIRD'S WIFE AND SISTER
DIFFER OVER ALLOWANCE
Controversy Not Ended in Matter of
Apolieation of Rutli Baird for
Support From Husband.
The young wife of Miles T. Baird,
who !s now under the guardianship of
his mother, and the sister of the young
incompetent, were on the stand in
Judge Coffey'? court late yesterday af
ternoon to give evidence in the con
troversy over the junior Mrs.
Baird's application for an al
lowance of $200 a month out of her
husband's estate. Mr. Baird and his
mother were in court and were
sented by Attorney Partridge, while
Attorney C. J. Heggerty appeared for
the applicant. An attempt of Mr.
Partridge to examine Baird's wife as
to her own income was objected to,
and the objection was sustained. Th&
court held that a wife in entitled to
support from her husband's estate.
Mrs. Baird said that she had received
$200 a month from her husband and
had never asked any questions as to
where it came from. She did not know
that it had been borrowed, but knew
that he had borrowed money, includ
ing from his mother. A
question as to her knowledge of the
trust of the young man's property cre
ated by him was objected to by Mr.
Heggerty. who insinuated that the
proceedings were to be used in the
case in aonther court now pendiug for
dissolution of that trust.
Mrs. Baldwin, sister of Miles Baird,
and secretary of the Baird estate-<:omv
pany, told the court that his income
from the estate was $306 a month.
She also explained how the mother
and sister had tried to pay his debts,
and said, "Before we get through his
debts around town will amount to
$1.0,000. There is interest due. and
people want the money." said Mrs.
Baldwin. Mr. Heggerty asked the
witness whether she had children, afad
receiving an answer in the affirma
tive, inquired whether she thought
Mrs. Baird Jr. needed a nurse for her
child. "I can only reply by saying
that I took care of my own babies,"
said Mrs. Baldwin.
Further hearing went over until
Saturday afternoon.
, . j**
Gain StrengUrfor Wirk
In and factory, shop, store or kitchen girls are at flr*%%B
work all over this land, and, alas! far beyond their strength. 1 g
MM Young women who work are especially liable to female Ills. Too often * |
HI the girl is the bread winner of the family and she must toil unremlt- J
II tingly, no matter if her back does ache, her limbs and abdomen throb | |
11 with dull pain and dragging sensations, and dizzy spells make her 1 1
II utterly unfit for work. These are the sure signs of female Irregularities fr 1
11 which kill beauty and youth. f |
I lydiaLPmkhanfe Vegetable Compound I
H builds health and strength for all women who work and are weary. It 11
mm creates the vitality that makes work easy. From the thousands*of 11
|| grateful letters written by working girls to Mrs. Pinkharn we quote
If the following: |
|;J Dear Mrs. Pinkham :— I feel It my duty to tell you the good Lydia ' 1
WH E. Plnkhtm's Vegetable Compound and Blood Purifier have done for me.
Ijl Before I took them I was very nervous, had dull headaches, pains In back, 1 J
Jam and monthlies-were irregular. I had been to several doctors and they did
bM me no good. 1
I*l Your medicine has made me we'll and strong, I can do most any kind of
HH work without complaint, and my periods are all right
|1| I am in better health than I ever was, and I know It is all duo to your " 1
|$8 remedies. I recommend your advice and medicine to all who suffer. »
wm Miss Abby F. Barrows, Nelsorrvllle, Athens Co., Ohio. * 4
|1 Oh, if American girls who work would only realize that they have but ~ i
Eg one life to live, and make the most of their precious health and j
El strength! sjf
|| Mrs. Pinkham extends to every working girl who Is In ill health a |
pi cordial invitation to write her for advice. Such letters are always kept
|j| strictly confidential, and from her vast experience Mrs. Pinkham prob- t \
ffi ably has the very knowledge that will help you—and may save your life.
HLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound Cures Where Others Fail I
I^2SffIS^^^^32sKES^SSiSS^ESSSB^^HBES^ffIE3EiBBB»«^
AMUSEMENTS.
aai lIUBIA m
VUI»UmPIIf LEADING WAnit
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FRANK McKEE Presents
Wallace nvix Jt nn
In Arthur Law's Comedy,
A COUNTRY MuUSE
Preceded by Augustus Barrett's Curtain Raiser,
CAPTAIN JANUARY
NEXT MONDAY—Charles Frohman Presents
WILL I -A. im:
COLLIER
In Richard Harding Davis' Farce,
THE DICTATOR
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
MELBA **rgWI ALHAMBRA
SPECIAL
the COLUMBIA
benefitHviatinee
In Aid of the Naval Clubhouse at Vailejo.
TOMORROW (TWJRSDAY), at 2:15
SOCIETY AMATEURS
In Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
THE LIARS
(By arrangement with Charles Frohman.)
Cast will includa: Miss Frances Jollifte,
Mrs. Mark Geratle, Mrs. J. Wilson Shlels,
Miss Olga Atherton, Mrs. H. M. Spencer, Miss
Eleanor Haber, Dr. J. Wilson Shlels, Lloyd
Lowndes. H. M. Spencer, Thomas Eastland.
Courtenay Ford, Royden' Williamson, L S.
Ford. Jack Baird and Joseph Eastland.
Seats $1.50 and $1.00 - Now Ready
HiTIVOLIffIR
GRAND
OPERA
IN ITALIAN
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLINO.
PRICES—»2. II 30, |1, 600.
TO-NIOHT. "ZAEA." Berlindl as Zasa;
Thursday "TRAVIATA," Tetraxzinl as Vl*.
letta: Friday. "ZAZA," Berlindl as Zaza;
Saturday Matines, "FAUBT," Tetraailnl as
Marguerite: "Saturday Night, "CAVALLERIA
RUSTICANA" and "I'PAGLIACCI," with Ber.
llndi in both operas; Sunday Night. "LUCIA,"
with Tetrazzini as Lucia.
BKIM ! Sfii
New **vL& Jockey
California \P+ Club
OAZLAVO JTHACX,
Racing every week day, rain or shine.
Race* start at J:l5 p. m. sharp.
SIOOO Handicap, tojU Hun WsjaMdsy,
Jan. 25. Calif ornii Oaks, S2OOO J eld
ed, to B* Bun Saturday, Jan. 38.
For special trains stopping at the track take
g P Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12-30 1:00 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave'the track at 4:10 and 4:46 p. m. and Im
mediately after the Isjrt race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND =
LAST WEEK—MATINEE BAT.
JOHN C. FISHER'S STUPENDOUS MU
SICAL PRODUCTION.
SILVER™SUPPER
(By tha Authors of Florodora.)
SEE THE WHIRLWIND ENGLISH OIRLS
In THE CHAMPAGNE DANCE.
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
J. H i tod art in The Be no i 3 Briir Bush
PRICES —25c. 50c, 75c, $1,00
-"~——-»«————————————
ALHAMBRA THEATER
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15.
Thursday Night and Saturday Matinee.
DE PACHMANN
THE RUSSIAN PIANIST.
Seats, $2 $1 SO, $1; gen. admit., $1.
Special Chopin eve.. Hotel St. Francis to
morrow (Thurs.) night; tickets, $2.50.
Week commencing next Monday, Jan.
30. matinees Saturday and Sunday.
CREATORE
J% m m as? ifAiMHj*
' Mmc Barill, soprano
Vi, _l_H_f soloist. Magnificent
A aHv programmes, changed
r nightly. Monday. Car
_l_3_] men night.
•*■■■'*■■*■_► Seats. $1. 780, 60s.
SEATS Ready TO-DAY for
DOLMETSCH
Concerts of old muslo on a wonderful
collection of old instruments. Including
Harpsichord. Luts, Viols, &' Amour, Viola
da Garoba, etc.
Lyric Hall. Tuesday and Thursday.
Jan. 81. Feb. 2; Sat. Mat.. Feb. 4.
The Novelty of ths Season.
Seats, $1.80, $1.00, 76c.
THE IXAB TBXO, 4 OUT AH*.
And ft Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evan in sr in the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
Till: JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE.
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS IN
THE ZOO.
Latest Novelty—THE WONDERSCOPB!
Amateur Nigrht and Electrlo Fountain
Thursday.
ADMISSION Ite | CHILDREN So
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
1 11 .1
MISCELLANEOUS.
Pfltarp DON ' T FAIL 70
laiaWW MC th« beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Ifill room, the EMPIRE
aUU PhRLOR, tha
r J PALM ROOM, the
ilfAfld LOUIS XV PAR.
UIOUU LOR, and the LA
II DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
AMUSEMENTS.
CARTER Dl HAVEN SEXTETTE;
Alclde Capltalne; Btnns. Binns and Blnns; Tho
Great Thereeea;
CRESSY AND DAYNE,
Presenting "BILL BIFFIN'S BABY":
4 Musical Avoloa; Clifford and Burke; Or
paeum* Motion Pictures, Showing "Tha
Trials and Troubles of an Automoblltst,"
10 NELSONS.
Regular Matireer Every Wednesday, Thurs
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices—loc, 25a
and 60*.
f CALIFORNIA %
Edward Ackerman, Lessee and Mgr. ■
....FAREWELL WEEK I
THE FAMOUS AND ORIGINAL S
JOSEPH MURPHY I
1 Presenting His Oreat Irish Play, I
SHAUN RHUEI
■ Hear Mr. Murphy Sing His Famous I
3 Song, "A Handful of Earth." |
a T _ni a r_T ft Belasco * Mayer,
ALCAZAR
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT—MATS. BAT. AND SUN.
Paul Potter's Romantic Military Drama,
THE CONQUERORS
Splendid production.—Call.
Large, enthusiastic house. —Examiner.
Oast and staging splendid.—Chronicle.
LILLIAN LAWRENCE REAPPEARS.
Ergs., 280 to 76c; Mats. Sat. ft Sun.. 25c to 60a.
SPECIAL MATINEE of Ibsen's Maaterpleee,
OHOSTS
POSTTTVELY ON THURSDAY, February ft,
Next Monday—First Time In Stock,
THE OAT LORD QTJEX
Arthur Wing Plnero's Powerful Play.
CENTRAL
Market at* near Eighth. Phone South SBt>
TO-NIOHT—ONLY THIS WEEK!
Mats. Saturday and Sunday.
Greatest Biblical drama ever written I!
JERUSALEM
THE HOLY CITY
A seento production never before equaled!
300 people in production—6o girls In ballet!
Return engagement of JULIET CROSBY.
PRICES—Eva. 10c to 80c Mata. 10c. 15c. 28a
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
FISCHER'S THEATER
TONY LUBELSKI, Gen. Mgr.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
10c and 20c. Children 10c.
Afternoons, 2:80. Evenings, 7:30 and ft.
CONTINUOUS SAT, SUN.. HOLIDAY*,
t to 8 and 7 to 11 p. m.
TEN GREAT ACTS. New Moving Pictures).
IA/. X. HESS,
Hotft— Public and Attoraey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Glaus Spreckels bid*
Telephone Main 983. *
Residence, 1802 McAllister St.
> Residence Telephone Pace OftaL
910
'MOBILE RACES
GATEWAY CAPTURES THE HANDICAP
Defeats the Favorite,
San Nicholas, in
a Drive.
Track at Oakland Is
Muddy and Long
Shots Bloom.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLiAND.
■Venator sported the colors of his new
owner in the seven furlong handicap;
at Oakland yesterday, and if the dis- I
tance had been cut down to the length !
.of the grand stand he would have had j
a royal chance. Coupled in the betting j
with Sea Voyage the pair enjoyed the j
honor of being quoted at 8 to 5 in the J
early betting, and their notoriety ended
there.
"yenator raced off in the lead with
> San Nicholas, the post favorite, to the
far turn, where Michaels, his com
mander, asked for a transfer. San
Nicholas might have won if Davis had
not made such a sweeping turn into
the stretch. He lost more ground than
was necessary there, and at the wire
."Big BUI" Knapp, with the leg up on
Gateway, beat the black horse out a
neck. Ishlana ranes close third. Six
to one could be obtained about the win
= ner.
TWO FAVORITES IX FRONT.
' Bain fell almost incessantly and the
attendance was only fair. Lady Fash
ion and H. P. Kane came home at
"fancy odds, only scatteringly played.
Two favorites earned brackets, Emma
' Reubold and War Times.
' Meßride, instead of Graham, had the
mount on Emma Reubold in the open
• Ing sprint, and the mare was returned
an easy winner. She had a decided
call in the betting and led Pencil Me
past the judges five lengths. Floriana
Belle, a 40 to 1 shot, took the show.
. .In the five and a half furlong scram
ble following, Hipponax, the favorite,
got away back in the bunch, and failed
Ho ' show among the leaders. Davis,
astride Educate, sneaked away in front
and in a hard drive at the finish,
° earned the decision over Batidor. a.9
ts 1 outsider. The show went to Wa
terspout, the mount of Sam Green-
JleJ.d. ■
DEL CARINA FAILS TO LAND.
.' • Boh Smith's filly. Del Carina, light
ened the cinch players by failing to
'finish among the first three in the six
and a half furlong run for three-year
'■ olds. She w\nt to the post at odds of
11 to 20, and. apparently, would not
extend herself any part of it. Lady
Fashion, a 25 to 1 shot from the stable
•of M. D. Miller, piloted by Meßride,
passed Andvari in the stretch, winning
by five open ■ lengths. Michaels did
finally succeed in landing third with
Mabel Bates, the second choice.
Two fine choices were hashed up for
the mile ; nd a furlong selling fixture,
ih The Hawaiian and Kickumbob. The
latter was slightly impregnated with
early speed, but Taylor could do noth
ing with The Hawaiian. H. P. Kane
made his first start at the meeting,
and quoted a 25 to 1 shot in the ring,
had the race at his mercy from start
to finish. Minder, astride Mr. Dingle,
disposed of Theodora L for place
honors.
With Modicum scratched. War Times
was installed an even money favorite
for the mile and a sixteenth selling
run. Sam Greenfield rede the black
mare and she led from start to finish.
Langford James lost the place to Glen
arvon. §
TRACK NOTES.
Horatius was shipped to Los, An
geles yesterday, where he will start in
the handicap on Saturday. Michaels
will have the mount.
Meßride was the only rider to pilot
two winners.
"Big Bill" Knapp rode an excellent
race on Gateway.
In a car which reached Oakland
from Los Angeles yesterday morning
were horses representing three stables.
Sais, Tramotor and Cincinnatus are
owned by Mrs. J. Blute; Judge Den
ton by L. A. Bonsack, and Frangible
and Erne are the property of James
Curl.
Loretta M, owned by Tichenor &
Co., will be shipped up from Los An
geles to start in the Oaks on Saturday
at Oakland.
Places Drawn for Roller Races.
The final arrangements for the
interclub roller bicycle races to be
held to-morrow night at Native Sons'
Hall were completed last evening. The
heats were arranged as follows: First
heat—New Century Wheelmen vs.
Bay City Wheelmen; second heat—
Oakland Wheelmen vs. Bay City
' Wheelmen; third heat—Central City-
Wheelmen vs. Oakland Wheelmen;
fourth heat—Central City Wheelmen
vs. California Cycling Club; fifth
heat—California Cycling Club vs. New
Century Wheelmen.
.. C. L. Mclnerney was appointed ref
eree and A. E. Berg and John Bolger
judges. The races will be two miles
• each. The clubs can arrange their
two riders in the heats as they see fit.
The races will be held under the aus
pices of the New Century Wheelmen.
§' Ms -
Diseases
I ESPECIALLY
solicit those cases
Varicocele. Hydro
cele, Btrlcture,
Contracted Disor
ders. Specific Blood
Poison, etc., that
f me, ». have been unsuc-
DR. O. C. JUSTIN, cessfullvtreated by
The Leading Specialist other specialists.
My methods of
treatment are dif
ferent, and by curing stubborn and diffi
cult cases I have won a reputation from
the Atlantic to the Pacific as the leading
specialist in men's diseases and have built
up the largest practice of Its kind In the'
entire West.
O -Q
My fees are fair; my cures are
permanent, and yon can pay when
eared.
6 O
"LIVE ALL TOUR YEARS A MAN."
This is the title of my pamphlet that I
mall free to those who write. Consultation
is free at office or by mall.
DR. 0. CTJOSLEN
Cor., Market and Kearny Sts.
Private Entrance, 702 Market at.
SELECTIONS MADE
ON FORM RECENTLY
SHOWN BY HORSES
BY FRED E. MULHODLAND.
First race—Sir Preston, Hip
pona\. Educate.
Second race—Pickaway, Dora
I, Sol Lichtenstein.
Third race—Misty's Pride,
Bell Reed, Albert Fir.
Fourth race—W. R Condon,
Modicum, Sals.
Fifth race—Major Tenny,
Clncinnatus, Anvil.
Sixth race—Sea Air, Salable,
Hooligan.
EXCELLENT FIELD IN
THE HANDICAP.
A splendid field starts in the handi
cap over one and an eighth miles at
Oakland this afternoon. Among the
entries are Sais, a first class perform
er at Los Angeles; W. R. Condon,
Stilicho. Veterano. Modicum and
Captain Forsee. The day's entries:
First race—Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up. selling.
7757 "Sir Preston (Scharetg) 104
Spondoollx (Jones & Dusk) M
7752 'Flaneur (Murray) 108
775H •Profitable tWinter) 104
77«t> 'San Jose < Wilson) 82
< 7774)' Educate (Hoppas) 102
7774 Hipponax (Deane) 114
7752 Hellas (Cotton) 100
Second race—Futurity course, four-year-olds
and up, selling.
(7757)Hulford (Schneokloth) 112
5774 Fort Wayne (Ross) 108
7521 Majesta (Mrs. Cason) 104
(7767) Instrument (Baird) 110
7767 Sol Lichtensteln (Madison) 115
7609 'Dora I ißyan) 105
7579 'Pickaway (Jackson* 104
Third race —Five furlongs, three-year-olds
and up. ourse.
7720 Be.l Reed (Fitzgerald) 114
7728 Misty - s Pride (Jones) 107
6720 orchan (Edgewood Farm) 104
7658 Albert Fir (Jones & Lusk) 94
7700 Downpatrick (Ryan) 94
7754 My Order (Rowell) 91
Tramotor (Mrs. J. Blute) 91
Fourth race—One and an eighth miles, four
year-olds and up. handicap:
7706 Barrack (Barrett) 93
6347 Sals (Mrs. J. Blute) 103
7765 Modicum (Fountain) 96
(7760) Captain Foresee (New England Stable) OS
7746 Veterano (Multnomah Stable) 100
7765 Stilicho (Baker City Stable) 99
7764 W. R. Condon (Ezell) 110
776;; Red Cross Nurse (Fleur de Us Stable) 9*
Fifth race—One mile and fifty yards, four
year-olds and up, selling:
7750 'Bard Burns (O Rourke) 107
7763 'Anvil (Murray) 104
'Cincinnatus (}lr». J. Blute) 107
7770 'Mr. Farnum (Wilson) 104
7G86 Matt Hogan (Romlgh) 109
7747 Major Tenny (Multnomah Stable)... .109
7729 'Budd Wade (Baker City Stable) 104
4143 Frangible (J. Curl) ICa
Sixth race—One mile and flftjr yarli, three
year-olds, purse:
(7772) Salable (J. Ryanl 104
7772 True Wing (T. li 9
7766 M. A. Powell (Wilson).. 107
7760 Yada (Cahlll) 112
7766 Hooligan (Fountain) 101
7705 Morita (Napa Stock Farm) 102
(7766)5ea Air (McLaughlin) 107
•Apprentice allowance.
WILL SHOW BULL-FIGHTING
STRIPPED OF BRUTALITY
Senor Enrico Robles Ready to Per
form in an Improvised Ring in
Woodward's Pavilion.
Bull-fighting, with • the brutality
eliminated, will be shown in Wood
ward's Pavilion to-night by Senor En
rico Robles, who bears the scars of ten
years' work in the ring. He will enter
the ring with the bull and will dodge,
sidestep and do other fancy stunts.
The main floor of the pavilion has
been securely fenced in. It is covered
with tan bark to give a secure footing.
The spectators will witness the affair
from the security of the balconies and
the gallery. There will be music and
other features for the entertainment
of the spectators.
DATES ARE SELECTED
FOR ANNUAL DOG SHOW
Kennel Club Exhibition Will Be Held
This Year in the Month of
May.
The officials of the San Francisco
Kennel Club are already, planing for
their ninth annual bench show, which
will be held In Mechanics' Pavilion
May 10 to 18, Instead of in April, as in
other years.
The bench show committee is made
up of John E. de Ruyter, Charles K.
Harley and John L. Cunningham. The
committee is already in communica
tion with a noted English judge, who
would pass upon the merits of all the
dogs entered.
Corinthians to Elect Officers.
The annual meeting of the mem
bers of the Corinthian Yacht Club
and the election of officers to serve
during the cbming twelve months wili
be held .to-night in Red Men's. Hall.
610 Bush street, at 8 o'clock. The
commodore, secretary and treasurer
will read their reports for the last
year and the nominees submitted by
1 the nominating committee will be
• elected for 1»06.
After the meeting the members will
be the guests of the newly elected of
ficers at a downtown tavern.
New Orleans Race Results.
■ NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 24.—Result* .of to
day's races: * '
First race, three and a half furlongs—dila
tory won. Showdown second, Oreydal third.
Time, :46 3-5.
Second race, one mile —Frank Kenney won,
Belllndlan second, Lineal third. Time, 1:48 4-5.
Third race, six furlongs—Rapid'Water won,
Jack Sanders second, Malster third. Time,
1:18.
Fourth race, one mile—Phil Finch won, Fore
' hand second, Monaco Maid third. Time,
1:461-5.
Fifth race, one and a half miles—Hymettus
won, Royal Arms second. Semper Vlvax third.
Time. 2:46 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile—Coruscate won, Lieu
tenant Rice second, Darius third. Time,
1:46 4-5.
Racing at Hot Springs.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. Jan. 24.—Essex Park
racing results:
First race, three furlongs—Roseburg won.
Main second, Saldora third. Time, :37%.
Second race, six furlongs—Shady Lad won,
Ike second. Martius third. Time, 1.15.
Third race, live and a half furlongs—Little
Buttercup won, Frltzl Scheff second, Chlorka
Maid third. Time. 1:09%.
Fourth race, six furlongs—Thespian won,
Gladsmile second, Amorous third. Time, 1:14%.
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards—Leen-
Ja won, Cornwall second. Swift Wing third.
Time, 1:46.
Sixth race, six furlongs—Oudon won, Jake
Ward second, Moabina third. Time, 1:15.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 25, 1905,
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Tuesday, Jan. 24. Weather raining. Track sloppy.
furlongs;
up; value to
Horse and Owner.
ft.
ft. Str. Fin.
7750 1Em. Reubold. 5 (Burger Co.).
7758 'Pencil Me. a" (Mrs. Grsheim).
7767 Floriana Belle, 4 <H1U Co.)...
7761 Trapsetter, 4 (L. H. Ezell)...
7750 ! Wistaria, 4 (Stockton Stable).
7497 [Pldalla, a (J. Kennedy)
7761 (Silicate. 4 (A. E. Barrett)
7714 Rey Hooker, a (Appleby Co.).
7503 |Go Lucky, 4 (J. O. Ordway)..
3 ... 2 h 2 ft 1 lftl 5
5 ... 3 2ft3 ft 2 1 23 |
2 ... 4 n 42 32 35
4 ... 8 h 9 5 h 4 ft
6 ... 6ft65 61 5 lft|
1 ... 12 1 lft4 ft 6 2ft
9 ... 74 58 7 3 75 i
8... 9 84 8586!
7 ... 5 3 7 3 9 9
[Barrett ...
MeBride . ■
8-5 3-2
6 10
80 40
3 18-5
10 12
30 6»
4 5
15 15
30 75
: League ...
! Bonner ...
;\V. Knapp..
iMlnder
;F. Hildbrd.
Time— :25ft, :51, 1:18 ft. At post 3ft minutes. Off at 2:16. Emma, place. 3-5: show.
3-10. Pencil, place, 4; show, 2. Belle, show. 8. Winner, br. m., by Hamilton 11
--1-u.lu R. Trained by G. Burger. Scratched—The Pride. Start fair. Won easing up.
Second and third easily. Winner received strong ride and was best. Pencil Me did
fairly well. Floriana Belle showed improvement. Trapsetter a slow beginner. Pidalla
ran out. Silicate a disappointment.
'4. SECOND
furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first
Horse and Owner.
ft. 'ft.
ft. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
Op.
CI.
7761 Educate, a (S. A. Hoppas) 106
<7750)jBatidor. 5 (Walker & McK.).!l06
7757 j Waterspout. 4 <R. A. Smith).. 98
7756 iRIesca. 4 (R. H. Dunn) I 98
<7743)|HlpDonax. a (A. C. Dean) 111
7738 IRosebud, 6 (C. Parker) : 96
7761 {Doublet a (D. S. Fountain).. 98
7783 iBilly Taylor, a (Hoag & Co.). 1103
IT. Riley, 4 (J. McLaughlin)..) 99
6803 Bassemo, 6 tL Palace) I103|
7699 |Recipe. 6 (J. Hackett) 101
1 ... 2 h 1 h 1 n 1 ft |W. Davis..
3 ... 3 3 2 4 2 4 2 lftiF. Sullivan
6 ... 5 h 52 3 ft 3 2 iGreehfleld.
4 ... 4 lft4 lft4 4 4 5 IMcBrlde ..
8 ... 61 62 62 5n lAlarie
2 ... lh 3 n 5ft6 lft|Earnshaw
9 ... .8 2 7 1 7 2 7,4 [L. Fountain
6 ... 7 ft 8 2 8 1 8 ft ]J. Jones...
10 ... 10 6 9 3 9 3 9 4 |t. Clark...
7 ... 9 4 10 5 10 6 10 8 T. Stewart.
11 ... 11 11 11 11 C. King...
|W. Davis.. 4 7-2
F. Sullivan! 6 9
Greenfield, j 7 9
MeBride ..I 8 «
Alarie 2 5-2
lEarnshaw | 15 25
L. Fountain, 6 6
J. Jones...) 20 25
T. Clark... 60 100
T. Stewart. 30 »5
C. King...| 100 100
Time—:24ft, :51%, 1:11 ft. At post 10 minutes. Off at 2:50. Educate, place, 6-5: show.
1-2. Batidor. place, 7-2: show, 8-5. Waterspout, show, 8-5. Winner, br. m.. by Rus
aell-Edlth. Trained by J. E. Hoppas. Scratched—Sir Preston, Bummer. Remark,
Standard. Start good. Won all driving. Davis on winner outrode Sullivan. Water
spout Blow to begin. Rlesca is improving. Hipponax away poorly, closed strong. " Roae
bud had speed. Doublet no mudder.
RACE—Six and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds; value to
Horse and Owner.
ft.
ft. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
7759 Lady Fashion (Mrs. Miller)..
7731 Andvarl (Mrs. Knapp)
(7751)jMabel Bates (G. Strobel)
7702 jDel Carina (R. A. Smith)...
7751 Duet (W. Roche)
7759 jEscobosa (Edwards & Co.)..
1
1 22 22 25 11 15
2 12 1 ft 1 n 3 3 2n
3 4 ft 5 3 3 2 2 2 3 2
46 6 6 4146
6 S U, 4 n 42 52 5 2Vi
6 3n3h5Vj6 6
MeBride ..
|W. Knapp.
H. Mirha*!*
Greenfield .
O. Chandler
tAIarie
MeBride ..
W. Knapp.
H. Michaels
20 25
8 9
4 5
1-2 11-20
6 9
20 20
Time—:26, :51, 1:19%. 1:27. At post ft minute. Off at 3:08. Fashion, place. 7; show,
8-6. Andvari, place, 11-5; show, L Bates, show, 2-5. Winner, eh. f. by Prince of
Monaco-Lady Jack. Trained by J. Stern. .Scratched —Edrodun. My Order. Start good.
Won easily after an early drive. Balance driving. Lady Fashion something from
the backwoods. Andvari ran a clever race. Michaels on Mabel Bates picked the poor
est going. Del Carina, bothered some at start, apparently sulked.
miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up;
Horse and Owner.
ft. ft. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
6731 |H. P. Kane. 5 (J. E. Plerson)
7771 |Mr. Dingle. 5 (Tierney & Co.)
7753 (Theodora L, 5 (P. E. Smth).
7771 'Achilles 6 (Fleur de Lis Sta.)
7761 The Hawaiian, 4 (Wilson) .„
7767 Kickumbob. a (H. E. MaplW
7771 IGln Spray, a (R. de Neffe)..
7771 iOutburst, a (J. J. McAlester)
5 I 2V41 Iftl h 1 ft ] lft
2 8 ft 3 n 25 23 2 2V;
6 2n4h4n3H32
7 3h 56 5n 64 42
4 7 ft 7 6 68 6 5 55
1 41 2h3h 43 64
8 65 6h75 75 74|
3 8 8 8 8 8
!L. Fountain
{Minder
i J. Jones. ..
Alarle ....
10 25
6 9
• 5 4
6 »
5-2 1S-5
4 18-5
6 6
30 30
| Taylor
iGreenfleld .
iMcBrlde ..
Time—:2sft. :52%, I:3oft, I:4Bft, 2:03. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:33. Kane, place, 10;
show, 5. Dingle, place, 7-2; show, S-5. Theodora L, show. 7-10. Winner, b. g.
by Reggie-Why Not. Trained by J. Hennessy. Start good. Won all driving. Winner
had all the speed. Minder on Mr. Dingle rode a vigorous race. Achilles bumped at
start. The Hawaiian requires strong handling. Too far for Kickumbob. Gin Spray
stale.
up;
:; to
Index! Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. ft. ft. ft. Str. Fin. | Jockey. ! Op. CI.
77CT War Tin-.es, 4 (Mrs. Grosheim)! 99j 1 12 1 3Vil 3 12 1 % jGreenfleld . 1 1
7T.V( Glenarvon. 5 (Summers & Co.)'lll 4 5 3 t 3 2352% Minder 4 8
7770 jLang. James, 4 (W. Cotton).. ;106 3 2 n 2 n 2 n 3 10 |Bell 4 13-2
7771 Uack Little, 4 <L E. Flne)..;i08 5 4 & 3 ft 4 3 4 2 4 h |W. Knapp. 9-2 7-2
7758 IDr. Shorb, 6 <W. McNames).. ;106 2 3 3 4 n 5 5 5 IMcBride ... 6 11
7685 ICarilee a (L. Redemeyer) 1109 6 « Pulled up |Graham ... 30 50
Horse and Owner.
IW'tiSt. ft.
ft.
%. Str. Fin.
Time—:24ft. :50ft. 1:18. 1:47, 1:54. At post 2ft minutes. Off at 3:sßft. Times, place,
11-20: show out. Glenarvqn, place, 5-2: show. ."-5. James, show, 7-10. Winner, blk.
m. by Artillery-Virginia Dare. Trained by W. M. Came. Scratched—Modicum. Start
good. Won easily. Balance driving. War Times had the speed. Glenarvon beat Lang
ford James this day. Jack Little away none too well and outfooted. Dr. Shorb no mud
der.
:-year-
>; value to
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
CI.
7764 jGateway, 4 (E. E. Burnett)..
(7727)jSan N'icholas. 6 (P. Ryan)
(7730)|lshlana, 4 (D. A. Ross)
(772SMVenator. 5 (Mrs. Miller)
(7744)|Sea Voyage, 3 (Mrs. Miller)..
774* Ferryman. 3 (M. J. Daly)
!10G 2 2 h 3 n,, 4 8 2 h 1 n IW. Knapp.
!114 6 3 4 1 % 1 H 2 2% W. Davis..
I 99 1 42 46 3 »i 4 5 37 McBride . .
.118 3 In lh 21 3 '4 4 4 H. Michaels
| 92 5 0 4 6 5 2 5.1 5 3 Taylor
I 01 46 5 % 6 6 6 jw. Daly...
B 24-B
2 2
4 14-5
8-6 14-5
• •
80 150
y...
Time— :24ft. :49%. 1:17%, 1:30%. At post ft minute. Off at 4:24 ft. Gateway, place. 9-5;
show, 4-5. Nicholas, place. 7-10; show out. Ishlana, show, 2-5. Winner, br. g. by Del
Paso-6eco. Trained by W. Crelghton. Start good. Won all driving. Knapp on winner
rode a well Judged race. Davis, astride San Nicholas, lost race by making too wide a
turn Into stretch. Ishlana ran a fair race. Venator quit. Sea Voyage outclassed.
OVERLAND GOES
INTO A DITCH
Cars of Westbound Limited
Leave the Kails at Early
Hour at Kodak in Nevada
OGDEN, Utah, Jan. 24.—Southern
Pacific passenger train No. 1, known
as the Overland Limited, which left
here at 3:55 p. m. yesterday, jumped
the track at Kodak, four miles east of
Lovelocks, Nev., about 5 o'clock this
morning, and eight of the ten cars
composing the train left the rails. Re
ports from the scene of the wreck
state that no one was seriously injured,
although several were badly bruised.
The overland was making good
speed when the accident occurred. The
cause of the derailment is ascribed to
the springing of a switchpoint, which
caused the cars to climb the rails. The
accident occurred on a dirt embank
ment. While the passenger cars
ploughed into the ditch the damage to
them was slight.
Shortly after the accident wrecking
crews were sent out to Kodak from
Sparks, west of the wreck, and from
Carlin to the east. It required about
ten hours to clear the right of way to
enable trains to pass.
TOO MUCH EDUCATION
BREAKS UP A HOME
Wife Tires of Husband Who Devoted
All of His Earnings to Improv
ing Her Mind.
EAST ORANGE, N. J., Jan. 24.—
Testimony taken by order of Chan
cellor Magic before Special Master in
Chancery Thomas M. Moore of Passaic
recently in divorce proceedings insti
tuted on October 14 last by Abram
d'Zon, has revealed an unusual story
of domestic discord.
The couple came from their home
in Russia as immigrants nearly twenty
years ago and the wife, then only a
young girl, became possessed with
such a passion for knowledge that
she gave up all thought of home life
and for more than fifteen years studied
night and day, her husband turning
over to her, to enable her to continue
her education, all of his earnings. The
wife, after she had obtained a college
diploma and traveled through Europe,
told him that he was no fit companion
for one of her intelligence and must
live without her.
NEW CITY HALL PROPOSED
FOR THE CITY OF SALINAS
Common Council Flans to Issue Bonds
to Provide Funds for the
Building.
SALINAS, Jan. 24.—The Common
Council of this city has directed that
an ordinance calling for a bond elec
tion to raise funds for tne erection of
a modern Oity Hall building be pre
pared. The project has the hearty
support of all classes. %
AT ORMOND, FLORIDA, SUFFER OWING TO
the distressing accident to croker
JURORS RAID
BELDEN PLACE
Sheriff Curtis Disappears
With His Deputies After
Six Warrants Are Served
Under the direction of E. J. Bowes,
chairman of the police committee of
the Grand Jury, Belden place was
raided by a force of deputy sheriffs
last night. Foreman Andrews was a
spectator, holding aloof from «active
operations, for Judge Hebbard has en
joined him and Juror Davis from enter
ing the houses to make arrests. The
purpose of the raid was to test the
writ. Bowes was not named in the
injunction and it therefore devolved
upon him to bid defiance to the court.
The Grand Jury is very indignant at
Judge Hebbard's action, and according
to Foreman Andrews the Judge Is tc
be made the subject of a thorough in
vestigation.
The raid was largely farcical. Pri
vate detectives had sworn out war
rants for the arrest of six of the
women, and it was the purpose of the
grand jurors to accompany the officers
and authorize the arrest of many more.
But Sheriff Curtis, fearful of Judge
Hebbard's stern Injunction, disappeared
with his deputies as soon as the half
dozen warrants had been served. The
grand jurors went on making arrests
without warrants in the belief that the
alley was bristling with deputies eager
for commands.
Juror Speck captured two women and
was leading them off to prison when
Attorneys Mack and Nagle appeared
with loud calls on the prisoners to re
sist and louder threats of suits for dam
ages against the juror. William V.
Bryan, secretary of the Grand Jury,
came along with three more of the
painted habitues. He quailed instanter
when the strong voice of Lawyer Mack
spoke. The mention of a suit for dam
ages gave the juror a nervous start
that loosened his grip on the women
and threw his hands into the air.
Speck had more fight in him and
insisted on taking his prisoners off to
jail. He appealed in vain for help
from Bryan, for the women were strug
gling vigorously. Deputy Sheriff Mc-
Manus came along at this juncture and
Bowes called on him to take the pris
oners to the lockup. McManus, uncer
tain in his fear of Judge Hebbard.
hesitated. Bowes was so full of energy
about it, however, that the deputy
sheriff finally complied. The lawyers
then raised a hue and a cry for the
women to break away. There was
much struggling, and finally McManus
let them go.
District Attorney Byington declared
last night that he would have warrants
sworn out, charging Nagle and Mack
with interfering with an officer.
Greater excitement isi looked for to
day, for it is expected that Judge Heb
bard will take some drastic measures.
At least, the grand jurors are expect
ing trouble, and hope to bring matters
to an issue with him.
Policemen were stationed In front of
620 Jackson street and 1129 Dupont
ROBADOR FIRST
AT LONG ODDS
Beats Sweet Kitty Bell
airs and Kehailan at Good
Odds of Forty to One
ESCALANTE HAS SPEED
Gets Off Last in Five Fur
long Sprint Race and Then
Scores by Three Lengths
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 24.—Robador,
at 40 to 1, surprised the spectators at
Ascot to-day by winning the second
race from Sweet Kitty Bellairs and
Kehailan, the second choice and favor
ite respectively. Four favorites were
successful and the public had the bet
ter of the argument. McGrathiana
Prince, at 6 to 1, beat Arabo, the heav
ily played favorite for the fifth race at
one mile. Escalante ran a splendid
race in the five-furlong sprint affair,
getting off last and winning by three
lengths. Weather clear; track fast.
Summary:
First race, steeplechase, short course: Jim
Bozeman. 145 (Follls), 4 to 5, won; Cazador.
142 (Tullv), 3 to 1, second; Autumntime, ISO
(Bernhard), 10 to 1, third. Time, 3:oßft.
Dr. Clark also ran.
Second race, Slauson course: Robador. 11a
(Prior), 40 to 1, won; Sweet Kitty Bellairs.
110 (Dugan), 5 to 1. second; Kehailan, 115
(Fuller). 2 to 5. third. Time. 1:10 ft. Ma
nera. Skeptic, Woodthorpe, Corslcana, Dan
zador and Charles Elliott also ran.
Third race, six furlongs, selling: St. Winl
fride, 100 (MeDaniel), 11 to 5. won; Elfin
King, 112 (Lynch), 9 to 1. second; Agnes
Mack, 103 (Kent), 15 to 1, third. Time,
1:18 ft. Happy Chappy. Cloverton, Komombo,
Dollie Welthoff. Our Pride and Sugden also
ran.
Fourth race, five furlongs: Escalante, 112
(Truebell). 7 to 10, won; Henry Ach. 96 (Kunz),
40 to 1. second; Crown Princess, 89 (Moriar
ity), 15 to 1, third. Time, 1:01. West
Brookfleld, Pilon, Gorgalete, Sincerity Belle.
Interlude. Little Adele and Venecia also ran.
Fifth race, mile, selling: McGrathlana
Prince, 107 (Dugan), 6 to 1, won: Arabo. 11l
(Lynch), 7 to 5, second; Mart Gentry. 87
(Moriarity). 7 to t, third. Time, I:4oft.
Oerro Santa. Durbar, Dutiful and Mr. Robin
son also ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling: Susie
Christian, 07 (Kent), 4 to 1, won; Metlakatla.
97 (MeDaniel). 50 to 1, second: Crigi. 97
(Moriarity), 4 to 1, third. Time—l:l4. Free
sias, Effervescence, Respirator, Ulloa, Mac-
Flecknoe. Frank Mayo, Mac Gyle, Blackbraes,
Riceful and Suave also ran.
BERKELEY DESIRES CHANGE
IN REGARD TO COACHES
Would Leave the Matter" Open to In
dividual Action at Each
University.
BERKELEY, Jan. 24.—The question
whether graduate football coaches
shall be engaged to handle the respec
tive Berkeley and Stanford football
elevens this year was discussed at
much length to-night by the executive
committee of the associated students,
preliminary to the intercollegiate com
mittee meeting Saturday in San Fran
cisco. Though no definite Instructions
were given the Berkeley members of
that committee th« trend of opinion
was toward allowing each university
to do as it pleased In the selection of
coaches. In short, the view predom
inated that the intercollegiate com
mittee should leave the matter of
coaches open to individual university
action.
Ezra Decoto and Leo Bishop, two of
Berkeley's intercollegiate representa
tives, took part in the discussion.
Everett Brown, the third Berkeleyan,
was absent. It is not expected Sat
urday's conference will result in def
inite action, as each university will
desire to receive a report before the
final decision shall be given. President
Wheeler has received an Invitation
from the El Paso, Tex., Chamber of
Commerce to send the university foot
ball team to El Paso in November to
play the Louisiana State University
eleven.
Nick Williams, who graduated in
1902, and who played as pitcher for
the Seattles last season, was appointed
baseball coach. The committee award
ed medals to Hans Lisser, Henry Finch
and Harry Rogers, authors of "The
Mon From Stanford," last season's
football farce.
THIRTEEN TRACKS TO MAKE
A NEW RACING CIRCUIT
Seven Turfmen Form an Organization
in Opposition to the Western
Jockey Club.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Jan. 24.—
Seven turfmen who are to form a new
jockey alub In opposition to the West
ern Jockey Club met in executive ses
sion to-night in a room at the Arling
ton Hotel and discussed the various
angles of the racing situation.
"You can say that a new associa
tion has been formed and from now
on we are foes of the Western Jockey
Club," said Ed Corrigan, the "master
of Hawthorne," who acted as spokes
man for tha revisionists. Those who
met to peirect. the new turf body,
which will have thirteen tracks in Its
circuit, were Ed Corrigan, P. J. Car
mody, Matt Winn, J. W. Rhynock.
Rome Respess, Sam Wagner and
George B. Cox.
"Nothing can be given out at this
time of a public nature until this body
has another conference to-morrow
night," said Matt Wynn, who peeped
through the door for a few minutes.
Pat Carmody, who is one of the
leading spirits of the conference, said
the following tracks would form the
new .circuit: Panama, Essex Park,
Lexington,* Nashville, Louisville,
Union, Kansas City, Hawthorne,
Worth, Grosse Point, Highland Park,
Fort Erie and Los Angeles.
FIGHTS WITH MEN WHO
WOULD SAVE HIS LIFE
Despondent Man Swallows Carbolic
Acid and Resists Attempts Made
to Revive Him.
CHICO, Jan. 24.— J. B. Bennett, while
despondent because of his inability to
secure employment, to-day swallowed
four ounces of carbolic acid. Only the
prompt arrival of a physician saved his
life. his mouth and throat
were terribly burned by the drug the
poisoned man fought with the City
Marshal and the physician who treated
him, and it was necessary to force the
required antidotes down his throat.
Later at the city prison while Janitor
McCargar was giving him his dinner
Bennett made a dash for lUaerty and
ran some distance before he%ras over
taken.
street last night to arrest persons com
ing out of those places. Chief Witt
man detailed patrolmen under Instruc
tions from the Grand Jury. Announce
ment was made last night that there
would be a general hauling up to-day
of the police and grand jurors for
failing to obey Injunctions.
FIGHTERS SET
A FIST PACE
Neil and Hyland Take Suf
ficient Work to Condi
tion Pair of Heavy Weights
WILL TAPER OFF SOON
Rest Will Be in Order for
the Tiny Boxers Within
a Few Days of the Match
Frankie Neil and Dick Hylandare
still taking enough exercise to fit a
couple of heavyweight boxers for the
ring, but they will soon commence to
taper off. Hyland went on the road
yesterday morning and In the after
noon he boxed ten hard rounds with
two sparring partners. He wanted to
go six rounds with each of them, but
the pace was too hot for one glove
wielder and he retired after four
rounds.
Whether the joke is on Frankie Neil
or Trainer Frank McDonald was the
principal topic of conversation dis
cussed yesterday at the former's train
ing quarters. It happened like this:
On Monday night the boys attended a
vaudeville show and the feature of the
programme was the great train rob
bery, shown on the Biograph. Frankie
Neil was deeply impressed with the
scene and talked robbers all the way
home. In the small hours of the morn
ing Frank McDonald was roughly
shaken out of a sound sleep and com
manded to throw up his hands. After
rubbing his eyes he realized Neil had
the nightmare and told him to go back
to bed.
Without warning Neil swung a right
and a left and yelled "Bang, bang;
you're dead." The right hit the bed
post and Mac smiled, but the left
caught him in the eye.
In the morning, when Frankie was
awakened, he immediately said: "Gee,
I'm glad I'm aWake. I dreamt I was
a robber and shot a guy." Mac in
formed the boys of Frankie's escapade
and thinks he has a joke on him. The
boys are inclined to think McDonald
is the victim, however, by the look of
his optic.
Neil is working hard for his coming
battle and while he does not hold Hy
land cheaply he thinks he will surely
be declared the winner.
Trainer McDonald has him in fine
shape and says Frankie can go into the
ring at a moment's notice. McDonald
has trained Neil for all his fights but
two, and on those occasions the little
bantam lost the verdict. Frankie thinks
Mac the only trainer living. Although
the rain fell in torrents yesterday
Frankie donned his old clothes and hit
the road for six miles.
In the afternoon he and Young Cor
bett spent o\ r er an hour In the gym
nasium, going through the routine
work at a fast pace. Frankie will take
a rest to-day and go duck shooting
with Young Corbett.
There has been but little betting up
to the present Jime. Nell will ap
parently be made an overwhelming
favorite as this is Hyland's profes*
sional debut and he is supposed to lack
experience. Both boys are hard hit
ters, Neil especially having a wicked
left hand. ,
HAWTHORNE CLUB BOUTS.
Matchmaker Young Arranges a Prom
ising Series of Boxing
Matches.
The Hawthorne Athletic Club offi
cials are making big preparations for
their initial boxing show, which will be
givefl In Woodward's Pavilion Friday
night. This is the club's first venture
in the boxing game. It would not have
gone into the promoting business but
for the need of money to buy gymnasi
um apparatus and to repair the build
ing it occupies. Matchmaker Al Young
has prepared an excellent programme
and it promises to result in one of the
best shows of the year. Seven con
tests are on the card and each will be
of four rounds duration.
The main event will be a four-round
"go" between Lew Powell of the Haw
thorne Athletic Club and Bob Cairns
for the amateur lightweight champion
ship of the coast. The pair are in
training and will Weigh in at the ring
side at 135 pounds. Cairns is power
ful and clever and has been defeating
the best men of his weight in the city.
Powell is exceptionally clever and has
a stiff punch. A "roughhouse" battle
is expected between Frank Mayfleld
and "Roughhouse" McDonald. These
two are hurricane fighters and should
put up a fast exhibition.
Two special events will be fought be
tween such clever amateurs as Eddie
Kehoe and Harry Baker, Harry Ten
ny and Frankie Edwards. Tenny is
the youth who visited Hyland in his
training quarters and electrified the
crowd by making such a good showing
against Richard for four rounds and
taking many damaging -blows without
wincing. The winner of the Kehoe-
Baker contest will be matched to fight
George Finnigan. Young Dempsey and
George Curran will meet in a return
match. They put up a hard fight last
week. Pete Sullivan, who beat Artie
Granfleld so decisively at the Olympic
Club, will go against Jim Keegan. This
will be the curtain raiser. Eddie Smith
of Oakland will referee all the contests
Willie Wolf Is training hard for his
bout with Charley Dunne, and these
two ought to put up a hard battle.
Dunne beat a professional "ringer" last
month and Is improving all the time.
Wolf is a brother of Ted and can go
some himself.
ACTOISTS INTENTIONALLY
RUN DOWN A POLICEMAN
About to Be Overtaken by Officer on
Motorcycle, They Crash
Into Him.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.—1n attempt
ing to capture an automobile party for
overspeedlng, Bicycle Policeman En
nis, who wears a score of medals for
bravery, was deliberately run down
to-day and seriously injured.
Ennis sighted four men leaving Cen
tral Park at One Hundred and Tenth
street in a machine running at the
rate of forty miles. He rode a motor
cycle and sent it along in the wake of
the automobile. To his yells the four
men seated In the car shrieked with
laughter. Ennis was gaining slowly
on the big car. when suddenly it came
to a dead halt and began to back up.
Into it Ennis crashed, head-on. His
machine was shattered and Ennis was
whirled headlong into the road, uncon
scious and bleeding from a dozen deep
wounds on the head and face. In an
other instant the big machine was
speeding away.
WORLD'S RECORD
IN AUTO TRIAL
An Englishman, Driving
American Machine, Lowers
Vanderbilt's Former Mark
BALD SHOWS HIS SKILL
Former Bicycle Champion
Takes Lead and Maintains
.It Throughout a Race
ORMOND, Fla., Jan. 24.—Arthur E
Macdonald, an Englishman, driving &
90-horsepower American machine,
smashed the world's record for fly«
miles on the Ormond-Daytona race
course to-day, covering the distance In
3:17 flat.
The world's record for the distance
was held by W. K. Vanderbilt, who
covered five miles last year In 3:31 1-5.
The time was made In a speed trial be
tween the regular races.
The first day's automobile races
opened promptly on time to-day, the
first event being one kilometer. The
starters were Webb Jay, in a 16-horse
power gasoline machine. Mr. Jay
won in :44 2-5. He broke a shaft
200 yards from the finish and coasted
the rest of the way. E. M. Stack,
driving the 20-horsepower machine,
finished in 1:01 4-5.
The second race, In which the entries
were a 40-horsepower gasoline, to be
driven by G. W. Vaughan, and
Jay's 15-horsepower steam, and the
third race, for steam cars, one mile,
for the R. C. Clowry trophy, In which
the entries were Louis S. Ross' 20
--horsepower, R. B. Kimball's 10-horse
power, J. Edmonds in Mr- Ross' B
horaepower, Rollln H. White in his
40-horsepower and Webb Jay in his
15-horsepower, were postponed owing
to the shaft of Mr. Jay's machine be*
ing broken.
Fourth race, five miles, for stock
cars—Charles Soule's 30-horsepower
machine, driven by Eddie Bald, took
the lead and maintained it, winning in
5: IS 3-5. Harry S. Houpt's 40-horse
power was second, 34 1-5 seconds be
hind. Thomas John Caswell's 40-horse
power electric was third.
Fifth race, cars to be driven by own
ers, was postponed until to-morrow.
The meeting is suffering somewhat
frcm the recent distressing accident to
young Croker.
In a time trial of five miles G. W.
Vaughan, in a 40-hoi sepower, made the
distance in 4:32 3-5.
Sixth race, for stock cars from $4000
tc $6000. five miles, starters—2o-horse
power, driven by Albert Leblanc. and
30-horsepower, driven by Charles
Soules. Soules won. Time, 5:17 3-5.
Seventh race—Postponed.
Eighth race, five miles, for stock cars
costing from $650 to $1000. starters-
Charles N. Wheeler, 12-horsepower,
driven by owner; 10-horsepower auto
car, driven by W. E. Evans, and Louis
S. Rose's 8-horsepower steamer, driven
by owner. Rose won. Time, 6:42 3-5.
Evans second.
Ninth race, five miles, handicap,
stock cars—The starters were two elec
trics, one 18-horsepower and the other
a 35-horsepower. The heavier car was
handicapped 1:47. The race was won
by the lighter machine. Time, 7:18 1-5.
The cars finished ten seconds apart.
Tenth race, ten miles, for stock cars
costing from $2750 to $4000—The starters
were Harry S. Houpt's 40-horsepower,
M. Roberts driver; John Caswell's 35
--horsepower, driven by owner; and a
30-horsepower driven by Charles Soules.
Mr. Soules won in 10:35 3-5. Mr. Cas
well was second.
Boxing Promoters Quit the Annex.
The development of the "amateur**
boxing game is shown in a recent ac
tion of the clubs. The expenses are
so great that it is no longer profitable
to promote these affairs in Mechanics'
Pavilion Annex, which has been
abandoned. The clubs affected are
the Lincoln and the Bay City.
Woodward's Pavilion is the only
available place and this is controlled
by Alex Greggalns and Morris Levy,
who have "amateur" clubs of their
own.
'♦ * f
Handball Matches at Olympic Club.
The.handball tournament of the Pa
cific Athletic Association, will be
continued to-night at the Olympic
Club. The players are paired off as
follows:
George James (Olympic) vm. Al Collins fßt.
Ignatius): George Cunningham (Olympic) va
Charles Wtlgus (St. Ignatius); Louis Levy
(Olympic) vs. Prank Skelly (Occidental); Harry
Cory (Olympic) va, W. B. C ana van (Occident
al). James C. Nealon. refers*.
Ladies Postpone Golf Handicap.
The handicap over eighteen hole*,
medal play, set down on tha schedule
of the Women's Annex of the Ban
Francisco Golf Club, did not take place
yesterday morning on account of the
wet condition of the Presidio course
and the heavy rain. The event was
postponed until Tuesday, the 31st
Inst., at 1 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Men and
Rupture Cured.
y<SJSN Our perfected
MM»«M» M AOTRq Vacuum treatment
lH wm Quickly DE-
V ; IHSi 2 KIRK AHO
2 vigor or
»I|!eT m c * Ot'TH. It U th.
filri olWOft only positive mean,
'feM**Q UAWt - "M* a known which will
5 fu!!y en »*rg» and
sass. " completely develop
the uncam. Used with our Soluble Medicated
URETHRAL. MTCHCAI lUH
Uretrral Cray out, quickly cure* all drains » a( j
discharges. Varicocele, Stricture. Prematura
IX cay. Enlargement of Prostata Gland, etc.
Special cure for RI'PTUREi no knife, ao de
lay from work. Guarantee perfect cure.
Money left In bank. Our physician* are
well known to be experienced and strictly re
-1 able specialists and cure Rapture and ail
diseases of men only by modern method*. Call
S£J ; ree examination and full detail* of our
special cure for Rapture.
We want aleo especially every weak or un
developed man to call or write for our most In
structive 100-pag* illustrated book. It fully ex
plains the artijn of our remarkable Vacuum
and Crayon treatment. We have the moat
Kucces*ful home cure In the world. We give
treatment on lO days' trial and np
proval. Book sent securely sealed, free.
Kvery man should read It. Call or write to
day. Hours t« to 9. Sundays, 11 to 1. VACUUM
API* I*l AXCtC CO.. « o*Farrell street.
afek ■Imm 4% Ammunition. Hunting and
■ 111 MM %■ Sporting goods. Largest
■ml I 111 stock. Lowest prices. Send
111 for catalogue.
U W I M SHREVE Sz BARBER CO..
788 Market *t. and Ul
Kearn* sLADMITS CHINESE
IS TOO CLEVER
. ,• •
Foreman Andrews of Grand
Jury Tells of Unsuccess
ful Grill of Chan Cheung
IS QUESTIONED BY BUDD
Claims His Mind Is in Con
dition to Act With Impar
tiality as to Defendant
. Further argument on the challenge
to the Grand Jury in regard to the in
dretment against Chan Cheung, charg
ing, him with the murder of Tom Yick
of the Chinese Educational Society,
•was'heard by Jurge Lawlor yesterday
mofning. The point In dispute was as
to whether the condition of the mind
of Foreman T. P. Andrews was such
as to enable him to act with entire im
partiality in finding the indictment. It
was Anally decided to continue the ex
amination of Foreman Andrews.
Foreman Andrews, in answer to
questions by Attorney James H. Budd,
admitted that the object of taking
phan* Cheung from his home and de
taining him for over forty hours was
to get from him, If possible, the ad
mission that he was the go-between
In regard to the bribery fund supplied
by Chinese gamblers for police pro
tection. Chan, he said, was too clever
for them, and be believed that Chan
was not telling the truth when he told
them he knew nothing about it. |
Chan was grilled for five or six hours,
and .was then taken to a room in a
hotel, where he was closely guarded.
"Why did you keep him locked in
a. room for so many hours after the
grilling was concluded?" asked Budd.
"Well, •we were informed that he
would.give up," replied Andrews.
Budd wanted to know who gave him
that Information, but the question was
objected to by Assistant District At
torney Ferral. Objection sustained.
"YVas it Mr. Carpenter?" again
asked Budd, and the same objection
•was:held good.
Andrews said he did mention to
Chan about the murder of Tom Yick,
and that he presided when the de
rision was reached to Indict him. He
aid . not .vote, as he told the other '
Grand Jurors that he had reasons foi I
jt which might disqualify him. He !
was satisfied that notwithstanding
•what he believed about Chan and the j
Chinatown corruption fund his mind
-ft'as in such a condition that he could
'have acted fairly and Impartially in
the'premises.
E. J. Bowes, chairman of the Po
•lice Committee of the Grand Jury, was ;
raljed to testify, but his answers were
evasive and nothing definite was ell- |
cited to show whether Foreman An
drews was prejudiced against Chan. !
The case was continued till Saturday. •
EXCURSIONISTS
ENJOY A SWIM
IN MIDWINTER
. HOTEL DEL CORONADO, Jan. 23.
A' large party of Rayraond-Whltcomb
excursionists arrived here Saturday
night. It was raining when they ar
rived, but the rain did not last long
and Sunday was devoted by the excur- '
sionlsts to thorough enjoyment on the j
beach, in,the surf or at the afternoon
concert, which invariably fills the ho
tel theater on Sunday afternoon.
Those who came with the party are F.
F. Crowson and Mr. and Mrs. A. B.
Hathaway, Providence, R. L; Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. Derby, Revere, Mass.;
Mrs. E. L. Waitt, Newton, Mass.; Miss
Mary Wry. Somerville, Mass.; Miss
Ella Proctor and Miss Adelaid W.
Proctor, Gloucester, Mass.; Miss Anna
W. Haas, Ipswich, Mass.; Frederick
W. Lathrop and Miss Frederica La
throp, Springfield, Mass.; B. F. Neal- ;
ly, Dover, N. H.; Mrs. Hubert H. Foss.
Dover, N. H.; Miss A. D. Frey, J. W.
Saunders, Harry T. Saunders, Mr. and 1
Mrs. Wlllard Larkin, Mr. and Mrs.
Maxwell K. Kennedy and Thomas T.
Duffleld, Philadelphia; Mrs. Henry
Lack, New York, and Miss Marion
Bridges, Chestnut Hill, Mass.
The excursionists will go north '
(rom here to-morrow, touring the rest ;
if California before returning to their
frozen homes in the East.
These days are record making days
it the Coronado golf links. Many of
he devotees of the game are here '
juite as much because they can fol-
OW their favorite pastime through- !
mt the winter as for any other rea
ion. Certainly most of those who play :
lere look as though they did not need j
0 come West for their health, though
hey may have come for their com
'ort. George A. Lawrence of Gales
>urg, 111., is among the constant play
irs, and M. J. Weber of Cleveland,
i>hio, Is very frequently his compan
on on the rounds. Each is trying to
ower his own record on the links.
Everybody about the hotel is
ideaeed with the information that it
will not be long before the vessels of
he Pacific squadron, under command
)f Admiral Goodrich, will be an- :
:hored off the hotel. The admiral has ,
.•hanged his flag to the cruiser Chi- \
:ago and has sent the New York
1 round the southern continent to the
Atlantic. Mrs.' Goodrich has already |
engaged rooms for herself and daugh
er at the hotel and expects to meet I
ler husband here within a few weeks.
A'ives, mothers and friends of a num
>er of the other fleet officers have also
nade reservations for the time the
iquadron Is here.
An event In which many of the ho-'
el guests took considerable Interest
\as the concert given Saturday
ng at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
fames P. Gardner by the Knights of
ving Arthur, a society of Episcopal !
)oys who propose to use the fund '
•aised for the equipment of their out- r
loon gymnasium. A party of hotel •
ruests, admiring their spirit, ■ sent j
heir regrets at not being able to be
<resent at the concert and accom-1
'unled the note with a double eagle [
o add to the gymnasium purse.
This is the season of the year when
;ut'Sts, begin to arrive by the score
nd .page after page of the great ho
el register is being filled daily. Among
he recent arrivals are the following
rom San Francisco: H. F. Stall and
vife, A. M. Getz and wife, F. S. Long
nd wife, W. W. H. A.
dunaoxu-C R. Morgan, J. C. Beread
en and J. J. Fitzgerald.
Recent arrivals from the East in
lude N. Hottinger, George A. Steph
ns and wife, Fred Meyer and wife,
/irs; C. R. L Putnam, A. G. Perry and
viti, R. S. Sargent and wife, Mrs. L.
Jlarrz and family, A. E. Sathern, |
-Irs, "Minnie Hayes, Miss Alice Col
ins and Miss Nellie Howard, all of !
Chicago; Mrs. Cora M. Cook and Miss I
Charlotte Cook. Elkhart, Ind.; Mr. ]
nd .Mrs. Ben Read, Oshkosh, Wis.; '
Jrs. W. L. Hoins, Miss Hams and
Irs. E. H. Daniels, 'Minneapolis; Mrs.
leorge N. Tomay. Hanover, Pa.; Mrs.
). F. Garrison, Mrs. J. V. Vickers,
:iifiton E. Worden, Purcell Rowe,
)udley James and Mrs. B. F. James,
>enwer; Dr. Hoagland, Colorado
RAIN DELAYS THE LOADING OF
THE BIG MANCHURIA
Will Sail for the
Orient on Next
Saturday.
Pacific Mail Wharf
Piled High With
Freight.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
Manchuria, Captain Saunders, will
sail Saturday for the Orient. The
rain, which has fallen almost con
tinuously since she arrived, has added
considerably to the difficulty of dis
charging and loading, and it will be
only by the efforts of a large army of
stevedores working night and day
that the big ship will be ready for sea
on schedule time.
The Manchuria brought from the
Orient more than 12,000 tons of cargo.
This will all have to be discharged and
14,000 tons placed on board before the
Manchuria is ready to leave. On ac
count of the rain the work of dis
charging has to be done under cover,
and this hampers the work to a se
rious extent. Inability to move the
freight from the wharf as fast as it
Is discharged and lack of wharf space
in which to stow the unloaded cargo
has caused a serious congestion and
leaves little space for handling the
outward cargo.
When the new wharves are com
pleted problems like this will have no
dread for the men responsible for
loading and discharging ships, but un-.
der present conditions life on the Pa
cific Mail wharf is chockful of ex
citement.
The Manchuria will carry a large
number of passengers for the Far
East.
Overdue Bark Arrives.
The British bark Loch Etive, 186 days from
Melbourne, arrived yesterday at Queenstown.
She was quoted for reinsurance at 20 per cent.
The arrival of the Loch Btive led to the re
duction In the rates on the French bark
Neomi and the Norwegian*ship Norge, from
15 to 8 per cent. The British bark Lord Elgin,
out 136 days from Sydney for Falmouth, was
reported spoken and her name was removed
from the overdue list. She was quoted at 15
per cent. The British bark Stork, out 127
days from Hudsons Bay for London, Is quoted
at 80 per cent and the German bark Robert
Rickmers, out 225 days from Philadelphia for
Hiogo, remains at 85 per cent.
a
Government Positions Vacant.
Applications for civil service examination
will be received at the office of the United
States Lighthouse Inspector during the next
thirty days for establishing registers of ell
gibles from which appointments of assistant
keepers of lighthouses will be made In the
Twelfth Lighthouse District (California). Ap
plicants must be citizens of the United States,
over eighteen and under fifty years of age.
Applications will also be received for civil
service examination for mate of light-vessels at
a salary of $800 per annum. Applicants must
be citizens of the United States and must be
licensed by the Steamboat Inspection Service
las mates of ocean vessels of 400 tons or
i more. J
i Blank forms of application may be had
by applying to the office at 404 Safe Deposit
i building.
Nearly on the Rocks.
The scow schooner Emille Martin, bound for
Tiburon, narrowly escaped going ashore Mon
day night on Dime Point. Her anchor, which
had dragged until the little vessel was dan-,
gerously near the rocks, suddenly took a hold
ing grip and the Emilie was safe.
Th« life saving crew responded to her sig
nals of distress and one of Crowley's launches
stood by the schooner for four hours waiting
to tow her off. The anchor, however, had
fouled the cable. It could not be cleared and
the Emilie's captain hesitated about cutting
his cable. When the tide turned the Emilie
drifted out of danger.
Water Front Notes.
The steamship Centennial, which ran into
the Kosmbs liner Amasls a few days ago on
Puget Sound* arrived yesterday 116 hours from
Seattle, looking little the worse for her en
counter with the German steamer. The Cen
tennial is the grandmother of all the coasters
and is one of the most ancient vessels now
in commission. She was built forty-six years
ago and In her long career has sailed many
seax for many masters. Captain Pierce, at
one time marine superintendent here of the
army transport service, is her commander.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao left Mazatlan January 23 for this
pore
The army transport Sheridan, Captain Pea
body, will sail at noon to-day for the Philip
pines. She will carry a large cargo.
The liner Coptic, Captain Finch, left Yoko
hama yesterday,'homeward bound.
The steam schooners Del Norte and Man
dalay are still off Crescent City, unable to
make a landing on account of heavy weather.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The tank steamer Argyll was cleared yester
day for Honolulu with 25,000 bbls crude oil In
bulk, valued at $35,000; 15 drums distillate,
valued at $125, and 4 bbls aephaltum, valued
at $12.
Tonnage Engagements.
The latest charters reported are: The Brit
ish ship Colonial Empire, general merchandise
from this port to Melbourne (lump sum):
schooner Fred J. Wood, lumber from drays
Harbor to Levuka, FIJI Islands; schooner
Joseph L. Eviston, seme business from Port
-t. ■
n— ~
Springs; Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Rellly,
Buffalo; William A. Rolfe and Mrs.
M. Collins, Boston; Ira W. Arnold and
wife, Lancaster, Pa.; N. H. Elliott,
Mr. and Mrs- S. Berchardt, New York
City.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1905.
STEAM SCHOONERS MANDALAY
AND DEL NORTE. NOW STORM
BOUND OFF CRESCENT CITY.
land to Haiphong; bark R P. Rithet, general
cargo from here to Honolulu.
The French bark Gael, now at this port, and
the French ship Vtlle de Mulhouse, at Port
land, will proceed In ballast to Sydney Heads
for orders.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Statee Coast and Oeodetlo Survey—
Tim© and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, J ANT.'ART 28,
Sun rises 7:19
Sun sets 6:25
Moon rises 10:S8 p. m.
M [Timel |Tlme| I Tims] JTlmej
f Ft. ! 1 Ft Ft. Ft.
c H W [L W| |H Wj |L W|
25 2:541 5.3! 8:35 2.1 2:32 4.7| 8:45 0.7
26 3:38 6.4| 9:43 1.8 3:46 4.3 9:40 1.4
27 4:25 5.4i10:47 1.6 5:06 4.1 10:40 1.9
28 6:15 5.5;12:00 1.2 6:41 3.9 11:41 2.4
29 6:10 5.5 1:00 0.7 8:07 3.9. .f
L W [H W L W H W
30 ) 0:43! 2.81 7:07 6.6, 2:10 0.2 9:16 4.1
81 I 1:46 r 2 M 8:04 ».7| 8:03—0.2 10:15 4.8
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from, the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ie the mean
of, the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydro-graphic Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, CaL,
January 24, 1905:
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Northland Portland at Astoria ....
Elizabeth Coqullle River
F. Kllburn Portland A Way Porta.
Breakwater... Coos Bay
G. Dollar Seattle
Chas. Nelson.. Humboldt
Eureka Humboldt
Areata Coos Bay A Pt. Orford.
Umatilla Puget Sound Porte
Queen San Diego A Way Pts.
Point Arena... Mendocino A Pt. Arena.
H. Dollar San Pedro
Chehalls ■ San Pedro
Pomona ', Humboldt
San Juan | New York via Ancon..
Curacao j Mexican Ports
Rainier Seattle A Bellingbam..
Coos Bay Newport A Way Port*.
Roanoke j San Pedro
South Bay San Pedro
Del Norte Crescent City
Mariposa Tahiti
Amasis j 8eattle
Coronado 'San Pedro
Norwood San Pedro
8. Monica | Grays Harbor
Wellington Nanaimo
San Pedro Humboldt
Columbia Portland A Astoria ....
Centralia Grays Harbor
Arctic I Humboldt
Nebraskan. ...| Honolulu A Kahulul..
State of Cal...! San Diego A Way Pts.
S. Barbara... I San Pedro
Corona i Humboldt
Benator Puget Sound Ports....
Santa Crus Ban Pedro A Way Pts.
Porno Point Arena A Albion..
City Sydney.. New York via Ancon..'
Korea China A Japan ;
Costa Rica Portland A Astoria....:
Jeanie Seattle A Tacoma !
Due.
ran. 25
Fan. 25
ran. 25
ran. 25
ran. 26
ran. 26
ran. 26
ran. 2H
ran. 26
ran. 26
fan. 26
ran. 26
ran. 27
ran. 27
ran. 27
ran. 27
tan. 27
fan. 27
ran. 27
ran. 27
an. 28
an. 28
an. 28
an. 28
fan. 28
an. 28
an. 28
an. 28
an. 29
an. 29
an. 29
an. :>0
an. SO
an. 30
an. 30
an. 31
an. SI
an. 81
'eb. 2
•eb. 3
>b. 8
'eb. 3
TO SAIL.
'
Arctic
City Puebla.
ureajt water.
Elizabeth...
Homer
Redondei...
G. Lindauer.
January 30.
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
January 86.
Coos Bay direct
Coqullle River
Grays Harbor ....
Portland ft Way..
: Grays Harbor
j Humboldt
iHono. ft Kahului..
W'lllapa Harbor ...
San Pedro ft Way.
[San Diego ft Way.
Pt. Arena ft Albion
January 87.
I Seattle direct
I Grays Harbor
0 am! Pier 2
11 amiPier 9
1
5 pm]Pler 8
5 pm Pier 20
Pier —
4 pm Pier 2
6 pm Pier 2
1:30 p Pier 8
12 m Pier 23
12 m Pier 20
8 ami Pier 11
9 am Pier 11
6 pm Pier 2
S pm]
5 pm
4 pm
6 pm
Corona
Nevadan....
Sequoia
S. Cruz
State of Cal.
Pomo.......
9 am
6 pm|
centennial.. Seattle & Taeoma, I
C Rica Astoria & Portland 1
January as.
Norwood.... Seattle direct I 1
Point Arena. Point Arena •
Areata Coos B. ft Pt. Orf d 1
Manchuria.. China ft Japan....!:
Peru %.|N. T. via Ancon..ll
F. Kllburn.. Portland ft Way.. :
Eureka Humboldt I
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 1 i
Roanoke Portland * Way.. I
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports.) I
January 89.
Centralia Los Angeles Ports. IH
Pomona Humboldt .'.jl
Queen San Diego * Way.) I
Tonnim in I
Seattle ft
Astoria &
January 89. !
Loa Angeles Ports.
Humboldt .*.
San Diego ft Way.]
January 30. |
I Grays Harbor
inuary 28. (
le direct I
: Arena
B. ft Pt. Orfd
i ft Japan....
'. via A neon.,
and ft Way.,
boldt
s Harbor ....
and ft Way..
1
* pmlPier 20
8 pmjPier 2
5 pm Pier 20
11 amiPier 24
I
8 pmlPier 2
4 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
1 pm Pier 40
12 m Pier 40
2 pm Pier 27
8 am, Pier 13
4 pmjiPier 10
8 pmlPier 13
2 pmjPier 2
10 amiPier 10
1:30 p Pier 9
8 am Pier 11
1
4 pmlPier 2
4 pm'Pier 20
9 amjPler 20
11 am Pier 9
I 9 amjPier 11
4 pmjPier 10
II am'Pier 24
1 pm Pier 40
2 pm Pier 7 I
(12 mlpier It j
ill am I Pier ■ I
January 30.
8. Barbara. .1 Grays Harbor >.
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor
C. Nelson... Humboldt I
tTmatllla Puget Sound Ports. 11
Coos Bay... Newport * Way.. I
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports.
Newport ft Way..
:
January 31. (
I January 31.
Rainier j Seattle & Bllnghml <
February 1.
U..".rML-5i-J,,
Columbia... 1 Astoria * Portland l:
February a.
Doric China A Japan.... 1
Sonoma Sydney ft Way J
Amasts Hamburg ft Way.. 1:
February 4.
Senator Puget Sound Ports. 11
rflOH SEATTLE.
Dolphin
Farallon
Cottage City..
Excelsior
Skagway A Way Ports.
Skagway A Way Porta.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Cooks Inlet * Way Pts.
Sails.
ran. 80
ran. 81
ran. 31
>b. 1
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 24.
Btmr Edith Ha!!. 180 hour* from Nanalmo.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 45 hour* from Eu
reka.
Stmr Porno, Reinertsen, 17 hour* from Al
bion.
Stmr Centennial, Pierce, 115 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 24 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Whlttier, Dickson, 8 days from As
toria.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 108 hours
from Grays Harbor, bound south, put in to
land passengers.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 8 hours from
Bolinas.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 24.
Stmr Argyll, Gllboy, Honolulu; Union OH
Co.
Stmr Cascade, Johnson, Portland and Asto
ria; Cascade S S Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria; P C
S a Co.
Br ship Belford, McKinnon, Vancouver;
James Sc Alex Brown.
SAILED.
Tuesday, January 94.
Btmr Montara. Rellly. Seattle.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, Mendocino.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Monterey.
SPOKEN.
No date, latitude or longitude—Br ship Lord
Elgin, from Sydney, for Falmouth.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan. 24, 10 p. m.—Weather
clear; wind S; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMEBTIC PORTS.
BAN PEDRO—Arrived Jan 22—Stmr Dee
patch, hence Jan 19; schr Dauntless, from
Grays Harbor. Jan 23 —Stmr South Bay, hence
Jan 20; stmr Shasta, hence Jan 21; stmr Helen
I P Drew from Point Arena Jan 24 —Stmr Ru
i anoke. hence Jan 22; stmr San Gabriel, from
I Umpqua River, via Eureka.
Sailed Jan 24 —Schr Lucy, for Umpqua River.
Arrived Jan 24—Stmr Coronado, from Port
Los Anseles.
Sailed Jan 24 —Btmr Acme, for Ban Fran
cisco.
SANTA BARBARA—SaiIed Jan 24—Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Pedro.
VENTURA—Arrived Jan 24—Stmr Asun
cion, from Redondo; stmr South Bay, from San
Pedro.
Sailed Jan 24—Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAT—Bailed Jan 24>—Stmr F. A. Kll
burn. for San Francisco, via Eureka.
Sailed Jan 24, 10 a m—Stmr Areata, for San
Francisco. _
EUREKA—Arrived Jan 24 —Stmr Pomona,
hence Jan 23; stmr Marshfleld, from San Pedro.
Jan 23—Schr John A, hence Jan 21.
Arrived Jan 24 —Stmr Eureka, hence Jan 23;
stmr San Pedro, hence Jan 23; stmr F. A. Kll
burn, from Coos Bay.
Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Brunswick, for San
Francisco. . ~_ ~,
TATOOSH—Passed out Jan 24—Stmr Min
nesota, from Seattle, for China and Japan.
Passed in Jan 24— Schr Transit, hence Jan
20, for Port Townsend.
Passed in Jan 24—Schr Ludlow, from Ban
Pedro, for Port Townsend.
BELIJNGHAM—SaiIed Jan 24—Stmr Rain
ier, for San Francisco. •
ASTORlA—Arrived Jan 24—Btmr Prentiss,
hence .
Sailed Jan 24 —Schr Eldorado, for Shanghai,
hence Jan 21; stmr Columbia, hence Jan 22.
Arrived Jan 24—Schr Mahukona, from San
Sailed Jan 24—Stmr Northland, for Ban
F r& no Isco •
FORT BRAGG —Arrived Jan 24 —Stmr Na
tional City, hence Jan 23.
HARDT CREEK —Sailed Jan 23—Stmr
Marshfleld. for Eureka. „, *
PORT LOS ANGELES —Sailed Jan 24—Stmr
Coronado, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK—SaiIed Jan 21—Ger stmr
Amasis, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
CEBU—Sailed Jan 23—Bktn Chehalts, for
Wlllapa Harbor.
• EASTERN PORTS.
NEWPORT NEWS—Arrived Jan 28—Br stmr
Albuera, from Baltimore.
NEW TORK—Arrived Jan 23—Br stmr
Nemes, from Iquique.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DUBLlN—Sailed Jan 4 —Br ship Llsmore.for
San Francisco, via Liverpool.
ANTWERP—SaiIed Jan 23—Russ ship Fen.
nle. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 23—Br ship Ra-
Jore, for Havre. ■ -,
GIBRALTAR—Passed Jan 21—Br stmr Kin
nebec from Hongkong, for New York.
MAZATLAN —Sailed Jan 23—Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. „„ _
RIO DEL PLATA—Arrived Jan 23—Br stmr
Coya, from New Tork. .
TOKOHAMA—SaiIed Jan 24—Br stmr Cop
tic, for San Francisco.
ENGLISH CHANNEL—Arrived Jan 24—Br
bark Loch Etive, from Melbourne.
NANAIMO—SaiIed Jan 23—Stmr Wellington,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK—Passed Nantucket lightship
Jan 24—Atlantic transport liner, probably Me- ,
nominee, from London.
Arrived Jan 24—Stmr Vaderland, from Apt-
W G(LASGOW—Arrived Jan 24 —Stmr Furnes
sia, from New Tork.
NAPLES—SaiIed Jan 24—Stmr Citta di Na
poli, for New Tork. Jan 23—Stmr Deutsch
land for New Tork. Jan 24-*Stmr Necker,
from Genoa, for New Tork.
LONDON —Arrived Jan 24—Stmr Minnehaha,
from New Tork, via Southampton.
DUNSMUIR CASE IS STILL
BEFORE COMMISSIONER
J. J. Dwyer Talks of Probate law and
Indulges In Tilts With Sir Charles
Tapper.
The Dunsmuir case is still going on
before Consul Bennett. J. J. Dwyer
was the only witness before the board
yesterday. His testimony was of the
same order as that he has given dur
ing the last ten days.
Sir Charles H. Tupper conducted
cross-examination, and, as heretofore,
asked the witness to make his answers
to the questions as brief as possible,
but in each instance the witness re
plied that he could only answer in the
way that he thoaght would explain
his ideas on the subject.
The case will be resumed at 10
o'clock this morning. Expert Dwyer
will again be the star witness.. From
present indications it will be several
days before his testimony will be con
cluded. m
J. A. S. Lowe will follow ram. and
one or two other witnesses will then
be called.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 24—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 22- 6iNew Orleans 72-48
Cincinnati 30-28 Pittsburg 26-18
Chicago 22-12 Philadelphia 28-22
Honolulu, H. 1...76-62 St. Louis 84-20
Jacksonville 68-61 Washington 82-20
New York 26-2(1
SAN FRANCISCO 60-54.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, aa compared with those of the same date
last season, and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Station*— 24 hours. Season. Season
Eureka 1.72 21.55 23.35
Red Bluff 1.60 21.66 13.62
Sacramento 0.10 11.82 5.13
San Francisco 0.70 14.10 7.10
• Fresno 0.00 6.97 1.47
Independence 0.00 0.97 0.42
San Luis Obispo 0.04 3.69 1.90
Los Angeles 0.00 6.10 0.57
San Diego 0.00 4.78 0.46
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. |
as s s
iff! *t
Eg 33
HIS 2L 3
ft r* .
£ c •
3 3 :
*1
tr
e
I
o
9
Baker 20.08 46 84 BE Cloudy .02
Carson 30.00 68 86 8W Cloudy .00
Eureka 29.96 68 CO S Clear 1.72
Fresno 30.08 62 44 8 Cloudy .00
6.E. Farallon.80.08 67 64 W Cloudy .46
Flagstaff: 80.28 48 12 E Clear .00
Pocatello 30.12 64 82 B Cloudy .00
Independence .30.02 60 84 8E Cloudy .00
Los Angeles ..30.10 72 68 W Cloudy .00
Mt.Tamalpais 30.08 64 46 NW Clear .96
North Head ..29.78 52 48 BE Clear .62
Phoenix 30.02 78 42 BE Pt.Cldy .00
Pt. Reyes L't.30.02 55 52 NE Clear .33
Portland 29.84 66 4.4 W Clear .28
Red Bluff 80.06 64 60 BE Rain 1.60
Roseberg 29.88 58 46 BW Clear .22
Sacramento ..30.08 66 60 S Rain .02
Salt Lake 30.12 62 38 BE Cloudy .00
S'n Francisco..30.10 60 64 NW Pt.Cldy .70
8. L. Obispo ..30.06 60 40 SW Pt.Cldy .04
San Diego ...30.06 68 56 W Clear .00
Seattle 29.86 62 48 W Rain .22
Spokane 29.94 46 36 N Rain .14
Tatoosh 29.72 64 — S Cloudy .10
Walla Walla..29.96 40 82 NE Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca .30.00 58 34 NE Cloudy .00
Tuma 80.02 78 64 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm Is moving slowly eastward. Rain
hae fallen from Point Conception northward,
and has been heavy in the Upper Sacramento
Valley.
The following are the river stages: Red
Bluff. 10.3 feet, rising; Colusa, 27.2. falling:
Marysvllle, 14.8, falling; Sacramento, 20.2.
falling.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight January 25:
California, north of Tehachapi—Showers
north; fair south; light variable winds.
California, south of Tehachapi—Cloudy,
possibly showers, Wednesday; light south
winds.
Nevada/—Cloudy: light snow or rain.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Wednes
day; light north wind.
Los Angeles and vlolnlty—Cloudy Wednes
day, possibly showers; light south winds.
Sacramento—Cloudy Wednesday; fresh south
erly winds.
Fresno— Showers Wednesday; fresh south
winds. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
FISK DISRATES
BEN M'KINLEY
Assistant Postmaster Given
Position of Money Order
Clerk at a Lower Salary
Postmaster Fisk yesterday after
noon announced that he had trans
ferred Ben F. McKinley from the po
sition of Assistant Postmaster at $3000
per annum to that of money order
clerk at $1200 per annum In place of
W. J. Phillips, who resigned last Mon
day for the purpose of practicing law.
Mr. Fisk explained that since he
had become Postmaster, which was
thirteen months ago, he had intended
to transfer Mr. McKinley at the first
opportunity, as the appointment be
longed to him. •
"I wanted to hold him in the de
partment," added Mr. Fisk, "and so
I deferred removing him from the po
sition he held until a vacancy should
occur."
Mr. McKinley, or "Uncle Ben," as
he is affectionately called. Is 74 years
old and has been employed in the San
Francisco postoffice for more than
twenty-five years. At the time of the
election of his nephew, President Mc-
Kinley, "Uncle Ben" held the position
of Superintendent of one of the sub
stations in this city. After President
McKinley's inauguration he was pro
moted to the position of Assistant
Postmaster at a salary of 53000 per
annum.
Hull McClaughry, who was appoint
ed secretary when Postmaster Fisk
took the office, succeeds Mr. McKln
ley, as Assistant Postmaster, and
W. F. Burke, a well known
newspaper man, assumes the place va
cated by Mr. McClaughry.
The other changes are: Miss Alma
E. Bartling, transferred from Station
34 In the ferry building to the money
order division; J. A. Wagner, from
Presidio substation to Station 34; Mrs.
Abbie M. Atkinson, from Station H to
Station 36 in the Mills building; Mrs.
Margaret D. Kirk, from G to C, and
Julius Meyerstein, from C to the regis
try division.
Hit by Piece of Spar.
Thomas-E. Priest, a millhand, em
ployed at Fifth and Bryant streets,
was severely injured yesterday by a
piece of a broken spar that was de
tached from a revolving machine. His
ii juries consisted of'several lacerated
and contused injuries of the head, with
a possible concussion of the brain.
Although requested to remain at the
Emergency Hospital by Dr. Mercy
Kuisich, Priest preferred to depart for
his home, which he was permitted
to do.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nice tings about you's'e dat she does about her gas
range I'd marry you Va ter-morrow! See *>
OAS RANGES ABB HEATERS TOM SALE BY SAN FRANCISCO OAS & ELEC
TUC CO., 415 POST ST.
YOELL'S VALET
ON THE STAND
John Kay Declares That
His Employer Wrote and
Destroyed Many Wills
CLAIMS HE WAS CLOSE
Servant Says That Santa j
Clara Pioneer Was Too
Stingy to Buy a Drink
•
"I got tired of witnessing wills for
him," declared John Kay, former valet
of J. Alexander Yoell, in Judge Kerri
gan's court yesterday.
Kay testified that his master seemed
to take a delight in writing wills, only
to destroy them and* write others. This
is one of the reasons that the valet, j
introduced by the contestants to prove
tiMtt Yoell was not of sound mind when |
he made the will in favor of the chil- •
dren of his first wife, thinks the Santa
Clara pioneer was insane.
All sorts of suspicions regarding the j
children of both wives clouded the old 1
man's mind during his last years, ac- j
cording to Kay. The valet relates an j
incident that happened near the Cliff ;
House shortly before the father of the
two families died. "Mr. Yoell was lean
ing on my arm," said Kay. "He said
he was going to die soon. Then he saw ;
a strange gentleman looking at us. He i
flew into a rage and said 'The is |
Bpying on me!' I think that he was !
crazy."
On cross-examination by D. M. Del- ;
mas, Kav said that Yoell had often j
declared that the children of his second
wife were only waiting for him to die,
so that they could get his property by !
proving that he was of unsound mind.
The valet testified that Yoell finally
became suspicious of him and charged
him with being a spy. Kay was dis
charged in August, 1899.
The valet told in detail how Yoell be
came suspicious of his children, one by '
one, and how he even quarreled with
Mrs. Evelyn Levy, who became exec
utrix of his will. Quaint revelations as
to Yoell's penuriousness were made by
the valet.
"Was Yoell a drinking man?" asked
one juror.
"No, sir; he was too stingy," replied j
Kay. The valet told how his master !
had at one time bought 10 cents' worth J
of cherries at a market to save car
fare to go home for lunch.
William Klummenacher, who worked
around Yoell's home at San Jose, re- j
lated incidents Intended to show that ■]
the Santa Clara pioneer was not of
sound mind.
He declared that one day the old man
disturbed the house with shrieks for
"Allie." The witness said that when
he attempted to soothe his employer.
Yoell became furious and continued to
shout for Allie.
The case will be taken up at 11 a. m.
to-day, when depositions from wit
nesses who are living in San Jose will
be read. Nearly all the children of
Yoell were present yesterday.
POLICE PUZZLED OVER
A MISSING CLIPPING
Filed as Evidence in Burglary Case,
but It Cannot Be Found at
Defendant's Trial.
James Mickens, alias John Williams,
a colored man, was convicted by a
jury in Judge Dunne's court yesterday
on a charge of burglary and was or
dered to appear for sentence on Jan
uary 28. He entered the saloon of
Gcmez and Gilmette, 412 Pacific street,
on July 27 and stole several articles,
Including a gold watch.
A feature of the case was the disap
pearance of a clipping from a receipt
book of William Schmalz, a pawn
broker on Market street The clipping !
bore the signature of John Williams j
and at the preliminary hearing- before I
Judge Mogan Theodtjre Kytka, hand- I
writing expert, testified that from an j
examination of the defendant's signa
ture on the prison book the signature j
"John Williams" was also written by 1
him. The receipt was for the gold
watch stolen from the saloon.
At the trial yesterday it was dis
covered that the clipping could no\ be
found. It was filed as evidence in
Judge Mogan's court and no traces of i
it could be found after that. It j
should have been taken by Detectives j
ODea and Mulcahy, the arresting of
ficers, to thf) property clerk, but the
property clerk had no record of hay- j
Ing received it. The result was that
when Kytka was called to testify yes- |
terday his evidence was objected to '
and the objection was sustained. An j
investigation will probably be made to j
ascertain who is responsible for the 1
disappearance of the clipping.
Ragan Warns Dairymen.
Health Officer D. F. Ragan and
Chief Inspecting Physician W. C. Hass
ler yesterday went out on a very early
morning visit to the dairies of this city.
Ragan said that arrests of owners who j
permit their employes to violate the ;
provisions of the pure milk ordinance
would be made and furthermore that ,
if the former do not show a willing- '
ness to comply with the regulations \
he will recommend that their per- |
mits to sell milk be revoked. This
completes the dairy inspection of San
Francisco for the purpose of rating
the same and a rigid inspection will be
made of the dairies in outside counties
that supply milk to San Francisco.
RUN THEATERS WITHOUT PERMITS. —
Warrants were sworn out yesterday for the
arrest of Dennis Qrauman of the Unique Thea
ter, Ed Homan of the Midway Plalsance,
Samuel LoveTtch of the Novelty Theater and
E Fried of the Mission Theater for conduct-
Ins a place of amusement without having a
permit from the Board of Public Works. They
were arrested and released on cash bail.
CLAY STREET
ENDS AT PARK
City Engineer Reports That
Thoroughfare Does Not
Cross Lafayette Square
NOT ON OFFICIAL MAP
»
Contention of Owners of
One Block Is. Submitted
to Attorney for Opinion
»
City Engineer Woodward filed a re
port yeterday with the Board of Public
Works to the effect that Clay street
does not run through Lafayette Square
between Gough and Laguna streets, as
It is not delineated on the official map
as a public thoroughfare between the
streets named. The report says that
the land that would constitute Clay
Btreet were It to be continued westward
is part of the square and therefore is
under the Jurisdiction of the Park Com
missioners.
The report was filed as the result of
the petition of property owners that
the city fix the responsibility for the
proper care of parts of the blocks form
ing the connecting links of streets ow
ing to the fact that rubbish and gar
bage was allowed to accumulate there
on. The Park Commission has been
caring for the two blocks on the
westerly side of Lafayette Square, but
has not cared for the easterly blocks
owing to the litigation involving title to
same.
The Holladay estate and others have
been adjudged to be the proprietors of
the block bounded by Gough, Octavia,
Clay and Washington streets, contain
ing six fifty vara lots.
The City Engineer thinks submission
of the question to the City Attorney for
an opinion would be proper and he so
advises the Board of Public Works.
LEG BROKEN IN A BRAWL.—M. H.
Canny, -who room* at Market itreet. got
into a brawl with some drunken companions
at Fourth and Market streets at 4 o'clock yes
terday morning;. In the mixup Canny's left
leg was broken below the knee. It was set
at the Emergency Hospital.
I
i ADVERTISEMENTS.
Get a Good
Pocket Knife
A knife that you can depend on. Has
three blades of finely tempered razor
steel, and is a splendid value for the
money $ 1 -><>
I have other knjves in all leading
foreign and domestic makes, at prices
ranging from SI.OO up
WANT A RAZOR?
You can't do better in getting a
high-class shaving instrument than
by coming to me. I have good razors
as low as #1.4X1
Razors ground and honed. Honing
•••••• s 25c
Kail Orders Promptly Filled.
That Man PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 Market st.. opp. Fifth. 8. f.
f MUSEUM OF ANATOMY $
A 1061 aaSXIT ST. kit. M*7!ft, 8. t .C.l 4
X .Sf Th * Lw S**t Asatoeaieal MtMn la tha \
if ■ 'iftji Wcrid. Wctkr.nm «i mj coauacted A
O fISBI <m ib* Cowt E»t. 36 yean %
4 tJSCt ORa J O«OAN-D!g£ABEB OF MEN 4
\ ■ OHI Coairaltatioa fr«« and strictly printa \
Q I Yeiif 8 Traanaer.t pcnonally or br lertar. A at
T I/ HI AaHw CWa*> »»arycaaeandrrtafraa. W
Arm Wm ruL««erav *r A
T I It* ■asaiass. maiub r«n, (AT
A 9 iw ** lu » b '* beok '•' at#a)
PM^fo^K^JjW^CßlMarty g#
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
629 KEARNY ST. Established
in ISS4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseasea The Doctor curesiwhen
Others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Care* gnat r«n teed. Call or write.
Dr. J. T. OIBBOW. San FrarvJaco. Cat
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamer* of company, or
which It is agent, leave
Piers 9 and 11, San Fran- .
Cisco:
For Ketchikan, W range],
Juneau, Treadwell, Haines,
Skaguay, etc., Alaska— U a.
m., Jan. 25, 80, Feb. 4.
Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver, Anacortem, Port
Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, South
Belllngham, Belllngharo—ll a. m., Jan. 26.
30. Feb. 4. Change at Seattle to this com
pany's steamers) for Alaska and O. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:80
p. m., Jan. 23, 29, Feb. 4. Corona, 1:30 p. m
Jan. 20, 26, Feb. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Queen, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon
terey, San Simeon, Cava cos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. % a. o£. Jan. 22. 30, Feb. 7.
Santa Crus (freight only). 9 a. m.. Jan. 28. v
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del 'v
CaDO, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia. *
Ouaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th pf each month.
For further information obtain folders. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing date*. (
TICKET OFFICES—4 New Montgom-'
cry st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st. and Bread
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
_ wsaw*)a»rw» D|Mfi , yg. w M||(lt
S.B. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 21. 11 A.M.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney. Thurs., Feb. 2, 1905, 2 P. M.
8. a MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Feb. 7. 11 A M.
].I>.SPKECKILS«BROi CO., AjTS-.TlCtat offlCBW3 l!r
-llL limi (Met 327 MilKfl SI, Pig 7, Pittlg >L
COKPASNII GENERALS TRANSATLANTIC,PR
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—Paris.
Balling every Thursday instead of -amllß
Saturday, at 10 a.m., from Pier 42, *-s^B"a7w
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. §70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building)
New York. Jk F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific ("oast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For V. 8. Wavy Tard and TaUaio.
Strs. General Frlsble. Monticello and Arrow.
B 45 a.m.. 12:3© p.m.. 3:H p.m.. « p.m.. S::;a
p.m.: Sundays. 9:46 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 pun..
8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m. XS'M
v m . 3:15 p.m. p.m. Saturday). « pji .
Sundays. 7 a.m., 9 a.m.. 3 P.m 6p m. Pier
2, foot Mission St.; phone Mala lfed*. HATCH
SBQ8»
1112
OUR CLASSIFIED COLUMNS ARE A GREAT
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McNAUGHT Blanager
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office' Market and Third, 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 78
Cta. Fer Month. Single Copies 6 Cts.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash "With
Order):
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), 1 year...58.06
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6m05.... 4.00
DAILY CALL—By Single Month Tso
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year *•«>
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 1.80
FOREIGN f Bundar- 4.15 Per Year Extra
»QBTAaic We * kljr " 100 Per Tear Ellr *
jtubtaue. . .t.9,80 pe r Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of ad
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAMUEL W.'WALL Post Building 1
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Butldlne;.
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Builllng I
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
II p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
6:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
630 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 0 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
open until 0 p. m.
(PjOO Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
° MEETING NOTICES.
•MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and O
A. M. —Called meeting THIS (WED- *VV
NESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third Desree.
• THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
•CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. »
M.—Second Degree THIS (WEDNES- VY
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. />T\
By order of the W. M.
. • R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 168 F. and X. •
M.—Second Degree THIS (WEDNES- W
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock sharp. /V\
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. »
Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- Vy
DAY) EVENING at 7:::0 o'clock. /\A
Third Degree. R. E. ALLAN, Sec.
FA RNSWORTH Lodge No. 95. T
O. U. F. —Second Degree THIS v£MHmk&
i WEDNESDAY) EVEN ING,
January 25, at 8 o'clock sharp.
Welcome Hall. G. E. JOHNSON, N. G.
G. A. BCRMAN, Recording Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Loyal
Rebekah Lodge No. 215, I. O.
O. F., will assemble at Prospect
Hall, Seventh and Market sts., w
WEDNESDAY, January 25. 1905, at 10 a. m.
sharp, to attend the funeral of our late sis
ter. SARAH HANNAH. By order of
MYRTLE CARBERRY, Noble Grand.
FOR Auld Lang Syne—The St. An- V «ry v,
drew's Society will celebrate the 3\ mmSEa
146 th anniversary of the birth of >|kl2s
ROBERT BURNS on WEDNES-
DAY EVENING, January 25, it Scottish
Hall. Larkin st. Address by Rev. William
Rader. An excellent musical and literary
programme, followed by a social dance; ad
mission 25 cents.
IND. RED MEN'S HALL ASSO- OjtWM
CTATION—AnnuaI meeting—The
regular annual meeting of the WR"
shareholders of the Ind. Red Men's Hall As
sociation will be held at Red Men's Hall,
510 Bush st., S. F., Cal., on FRIDAY, the
27th day of January. 1905. at 8 p. m., for
the purpose of electing a Board of Directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
CHAS. RCHLESINGER. President.
C. G. BOLSDORFF. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro
cess from Santa Fe Gold Mining Company,
In Santa Fe mine, near Westville. Placer
County. Cal., draining into John Dick Creek,
which reaches North Fork of Middle Fork of
American River, gives notice that a meeting
to receive any protests will be held at room
68, Flood building, San Francisco, Cil.. Feb
ruary 6. 1905, at 1:30 p. ra.
AGENTS WANTED.
RELIABLE agents make $100 month selling
Remove Why not you? DEMING. 927 Market.
ATTOaSEYB-AT-LAW.
Advice free in all legal matters: private divorcee
a specialty, quick, quiet; no pay unless divorce
is granted: collections made; partnership bill of
sale, wills, deeds, etc.. drawn. Open evenings
by request. Established 22 years. G W.
HOWE, 1122 Market st., bet. Mason & Taylor.
ADVICE fr-?e. private, confidential; business
legally and promptly transacted; attachmnts
collections, probate, mechanics' liens, tenants
ejected, bankruptcy: contracts, wills, etc..
drawn. V,'. MATTHEWS, 032 Market, rm.23.
R. W. ICING, Attorney-at-law, Exam, bidg.,
6th floor: entrance room fill; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free; legal divorce, costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee In advance; open Sat
urday evenings; ether evenings by appoint
ment; call and save money. 819 Market, r. 83.
AA—Divorce; cost* $12; qulck,qulet;adv!ce free:
all law business; no charge unless successful;
open evenings. 927 Market St.. room 801.
A A—DIVORCE; costs $12; advice fre*7
All legal bus.; no charge unless successful.
Examiner building, room 316.
JOHN GUIDERY, attorney-at-law, rooms
and 86, Chronicle bldg.; phone John 2781.
IF you need a lawyer consult me at once; low
est fee. H. H. HEATH, 855 Jamea Flood bid.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tion free; no fee* in advance; open evening*.
AUTOMOBILES.
A CADILLAC auto for sale; better than new.
as it has only been run short while. Box
4402, Call office.
FOR sale —One White Stanhope; one White I
touring car, canopy top, brass trimmings; i
all in excellent condition. 820 Crossley bldg.
FOR sale —Automobile (Dolson); will sell very
reasonable. Box 4001, Call office.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly; I
10c. 25c. 50c. 1002 Market, St. Nicholas, also
Wishart, Tenth and Washington. Oakland.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED —1 or 2 children to board; good
country home; Jersey cow: no other children.
Address MRS. C. BEI DON, Santa Rosa.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS,
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason st —ClotWng
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1: scouring and
dyeing*. Bon Marche, Ezamner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver Tree. /
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—s3soo; HOTEL with properly 3 lots, house
12 rooms, barroom, fine grounds; about 120
miles from S. F-; license $21 per quarter.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000; BUTCHER shop on Third st.; dally
receipts abovt $30; horse t wagon; lease; good
business. See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; BAKERY in lively town, 30 miles
from S. F.; rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—s22oo; COFFEE saloon, in best location;
rent $50; place taking ln'above $70 per day;
10 years' lease; a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A- -$2260; coal, wood, hay and grain business;
8 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34; estab.
years; owner a widow; must sell at once,
as she wants to leave the State. Call R.
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny at.
A—sB6o; delicatessen store and branch bakery
on Ellis St.; 4 living rooms; rent $70; a bar
gain. See iR. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s2ooo; RESTAURANT and lodging-house:
130 beds; rent $80; located Sacramento and
Montgomery sts.; place clears about $300 per
month. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s3ooo; CORNER grocery, kept by owner 9
years; doing a large businese; owner has an
other corner grocery and bar for $8000; must
sell either one; take your choice; location the
I best. See R. G. WILKE, 28% Kearny st.
A—s76o; DRY goods and notion store in Berke
ley; rent $16; 5 living rooms; a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon on Sixth st.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years;
lease; a first-class business proposition. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—sSoo; OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29; good business;
owner must sell this place or his other oyster
and chop house on Montgomery aye.; price
$450; rent $16; come investigate and take
your choice. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOI'SE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; ehuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call ft. G. WILKE. 26%^iCearny.
A—-$2200; CORNER saloon on California St.;
rent $76; old established business and good
paying place; flne fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doling a flrst-clase bueiness; investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses, wagons and buggy: one of the beet
In this city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—ssoo; and electri
cal repair ehep; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny ct.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo: LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000; stcck guaranteed; one block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with 6
living rooms; on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny ft.
$1200 —CORNER grocery, produce and delicacy
business across the bay; horse and wagon; 4
living rooms and bath; rent $1800 per month;
more than value in sight: old age account of
selling. M. LESS & CO., room 31, Bacon
block, Oakland.
$1000 —CORNER grocery, branch bakery and
delicacy; rent $15; living rooms, horse and
wagon. M." LESS & CO.. room 31, Bacon
block, Oakland.
$1000 —WOOD, coal hay and grain business;
horses and wagon. M. LESS &. CO., room 31,
Bacon block. Oakland. ,
$2500 —A CORNER house, 14 rooms, elegantly
furnished; best location In Oakland: rent
reasonable; long lease; $150 to $175 per month
clear, rare chance; call at once. M. LESS &
CO., room 31, Bacon block, Oakland.
$375—CORNER cigar stand; good stock and
fixtures; slot machine cash register and
good-paying trade. 1007% Market st.
WANTED—Honest and sober man to look after
office and keep plain accounts; experience un
necessary; small capital required. 1007% Mkt.
$200 BUYS nice little home, good furniture;
rent only $30, water free; this is a flne cor
ner flat of 7 roomseand bath. 1007% Market.
$275 —BARBER shop; good business; 2 chairs;
3 living rooms: snap. 1007% Market, nr. 6th.
$175 —PARTNER in cor. fruit, vegetable and
poultry store.; N. Market. 1007% Market st.
$225 —CIGAR store; club room; wholesale dis
trict; rent $10. Western Realty, 1007% Mkt.
J. S3. OBERLE. W. H. MASSEY.
Eaele Realty Office,
230 Kearny, rooms 1 and 2; phone Black 6694.
RESTAURANT; seats 90; flne business; must
be sold account of death. 230 Kearny st.
100 SALOONS from $550 to $6900; all parts of
the city; bargains. 230 Kearny st.
SALOON, boarding, lodging house; old estab.:
fine business; good opportunity. 230 Kearny.
$560 —BLACKSMITH, horseshoeing shop or will
take partner for $300; snap. 230 Kearny st.
8375— LODGING-HOUSE. 11 rooms; rent $45;
clears $90; 200 others; bargains. 230 Kearny.
TO INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only.
From $600 to $60,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum.
Fullest investigation courted.
Call or write for particulars.
J. W. JAOUITH & CO.,
James Flood building.
Rooms 874. 876 and S7B; tel. John 2421.
F. A. BROOK BANK.
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market st. between Fifth and Sixth.
A—PARTY with $300 and services can secure
an Interest in well paying business clearing
$200 to $250 monthly at present and same
can be easily Increased; must be sober and
industrious. Particulars with RROOKBANK.
$4775 —ALL the furniture of a first-class hotel
of 57 rooms. Including bar-rocm and fixtures,
billiard room and table, dining-room linen,
crockery, range, etc.; a 'bus, 2 horses and
harness; with 10-year lease on house; situ
ated In one of the best small cities In Cali
fornia and near San Francisco. Address box
4902, Cai: office.
$2200 —SALOON in Oakland; principal business
part of city; great thorcughfare night and
day; must be seen to appreciate; rent very
cheap; established 30 years. If you mean
business call at once. HENRY SCHMIDT &
CO., 855 Broadway, room 11, corner of Sev
enth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale—A bargain; who!? property; a coun
try hotel, with bnr. at railroad station, to
gether with furnishings, complete; piped for
gas. own system; pays $50 per month rent;
or will exchange for suitable ranch. Ad
dress Owner, box 28, Windsor, Sonoma Co.
THE Inventor of the new process for soldering
aluminum wants capital to establish a fac
tory for the making of cans to supply the
fruit and fish canners of the Pacific Coast.
Box 4745. Call.
$800—STEADY man wanted as partner in es
tablished cash business: will pay on an aver
age $90 per month to each; duties light;
easily learned; no night or Sunday work.
fi32 Market St.. room 6.
PARTNER with $800 to take charge of lunch
counter and cigar stand; lady preferred; good
profits: short hours. Address 50 Geary st.,
room 8. 2 p. m.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT Sc CO., Ellicott square,
Buffalo.
WANTED —An established delicatessen store;
no difference what the present trade is if It
is located in a good residence district; give
full particulars to box 4901. Call office.
INTEREST in light mfg. business paying large
profits: small amount cash required. Box
4450. Call office.
$600 —CANDY store; flne stock and fixtures;
fountain; adjoining P. O.; live town; sales
$200 monthly; rent $15. 26 Montgomery. r.~B.
SALOON for sale, with lease. 200 Ninth st.
WANTED —Partner harness business: small
capital; low rent; nr. Market. Box 4752, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1905.
CHANCES^
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Bt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A—sssoo; one of the best corner grocery and
bars in S. F.; downtown transfer corner; 5
years' lease: cheap rent; doing big business,
but compelled to leave for Europe; here is
chance of lifetime to secure first-class busi
ness proposition that will bear investigation.
CAMERON & CO.
A—s3oo; good Market st. cigar store; cheap
rent: well located under first-class hotel;
this is a rare chance to get fine location and
business cheap. CAMERON & CO.
A—-635C0; tip-top stationery snd bazaar; swell
location; long lease; cheap rent; stock and
fixtures up-to-date; never changed hands;
established 10 years; clearing now $300 to
$350 per month; best reasons for selling;
genuine snap. CAMERON & CO.
A—31500; well located cafe, bllllard-room, two
chair barber nhop, with 8 well furnished
rooms above; rent only $30; cost over $2300
to furnish; call and make offer as owner
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.
A—$1800; first-class saloon on line corner,
wholesale district; rent only $60; doing good
business; no night or Sunday work; big
opportunity. Sea CAMERON * CO.
For sale—Well located. 3-cha!r barber shop ;
on Fillmore st.; rent $15; doing good busi
ness; old established stand: here is a chance I
to Kct paying business for little money: |
owner leaving city; price $300. CAMERON ;
& CO.
A—s3 Boo; first-class 38-room country hotel, |
bar alone cost $1500; one of the best Inland j
towna in State; 50 miles from S. F.; doing
good business; family troubles causing sale; J
furnishings npw and up-to-date; now is your 1
time. CAMERON & CO. J
A GOOD chance for a lady to get half Interest I
In rooming-house; small capital required
610 Geary st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
$500 —HAY. grain and boarding stable; estab.
:!0 years: good place for wood and coal yard;
owner retiring. 1318 Grov« st.
FOR sale—First-class bakery In San Diego, Cal.
Particulars, -the little wonder,"
24th and Bryant sts., city.
BUTCHER shop wanted with an established
trade. Address, with particulars, box 4801,
Call office.
$330—DELICATESSEN store, including 2 fur
nished rooms; in good business location; re
ceipts $10 per day; rent low. Box 4906. Call.
RESTAURANT for sale; doing a good business.
1024 Hyde st.
PAPER route for sale; large outside route.
531 California st.
RESTAURANT: must sell; price no object;
must leave this week. Box 4747, Call.
1 WANT to buy second-hand store or harness
shop. Box 4723, Call.
grocery and bar; good location
in Mission. Box 4501. Call office.
WANTED —To buy cigar stand; state location,
etc. Box 4803. Call office.
$1450 WILL buy gent's furnishing goods store,
good bus 926 Western aye., Petaluma.
MAN or woman with $300; good-paying busi.
ness. Call 204 First St.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at ICO6 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
One of the swellest 83-room family hotels in
San Francisco, catering to same class of people
as St. Francis or Palace; furniture, carpets
ROd furnishings of tb? best; everything up to
date; there is nothing that excels it in this
city: never been on market before; this hotel
now clears, over all expenses, $1400 per month;
beM of reasons for selling; this house cost $40,
-000 to furnish; to be sacrificed for $24,000; ex
clusively with us.
40 rooms; brand new, up-to-date proposition;
beautiful building, furniture, carpets and dra
peries of the best; fine location; near Market;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; clearing over $200
tier month; all full nice roomers; any one
looking for first-class new house can't overlook
this; part cash, balance paid out of huse;
price, $3500.
9-room modern upper flat; rent $50, water
free; only 5 months furnished, with elegant
furnishings; choice block Ellis St.; $300 down,
balance can be paid 825 per month.
21 rooms, south Market; rent $85; well fur
nished and clearing $75 per month; cost over
$IL'£o to furnish; car. be had for $850, with
one-half cash, balance 1 per cent.
10 rooms. Eddy st.; $65 rent; oak and cherry
furniture; carpets good, and clears $75 per
month; leaves 3 best rooms for family; part
down, balance can bo made from bouse.
100 rooms: heart of business center; grand,
new, moii"rn building with all the up-to-date
appliances; steam heat, electric light and ele
vator; furnishings and draperies the best; the
cheapest rent In San Francisco for downtown
bouse; rare opportunity to get first-class busi
ness that will pay $400 to $500 per month;
owner must leave city; only with us.
6-room modern flat; flew 6 months; rent $25;
beautifully furnished; fine location; and cost
over $900 to furnish; snap at $400.
35 rooms, part housekeeping; rent only $140;
oak furniture; fine carpets; clearing $150 per
month; long lease; can be had for $1800 down,
balance time at low Interest.
57-room, new and modern apartment house;
exquisitely furnished In weathered oak. ma
hogany and blrdseye maple. Axmlnster and
velvet carpets: 2 and 3 room apartments; 5
years' leawi; full first-class people; obliged to
leave for the East.
14 rooms. Eddy; cheap rent; well furnished
In oak, with good carpets; part housekeeping;
whcie you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work; price,
$SOO.
10 rooms, well located on Eddy; oak furni
ture, good carpets: fine rendition; clears $60
r.r.f! leaves 3 best rooms landlady; reduced to
$1200.
6-room upper flat, corner; rent $30; lease If
wanted; beautiful:;.' furnished; only furnished
one year and cost $1280; bargain at $050.
60 room*, all lig'it and sunny: close in;
beautiful new hu!Uit:g; fine entrance; elegantly
furnished throughout in weathered oak, mahog
. any. binlsoye maple; finest velvet and Axmin
stcr carpets: long lease with cheap rent; clears
$30<» per month; never before on market; Illness
of hnsbnnd causes sale; only with ua
.a
10 rooms, located in first-class neighborhood,
close in: rent only $85; extra well furnished
•tnd clearing $61 per month; alt full; part
housekeeping: price $1400.
11 rooms; Geary, close In; cheap rent; fur
nished in onk and mahogany; carpets first
claws; al! full and clearing nice little Income;
must leave city; price $750.
70-rcom country hotel: best interior town in
State; barroom, 2 lining roms and 5-room
totuvge besides; rent $100 per mnth; can get
10 y?ars' lease: brick building: everything fine
condition, fine business proposition.
12 rooms, well furnished: rent only $5 per J
room; you can make $50 per month and have }
2 nice rooms for family; only $850.
SO-room family hotel on Nob Hill; elegantly i
furnished: all light and sunny rooms; choice !
location and clears fine income; sickness In j
family compels being disposed of; make offer.
30 rooms; first-class, n*v transient house; 1
well furnished and doing fine business; owners
are getting old and wish to retire from bust- ;
now.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room- •
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
BEST INVESTMENT "
This 19-room house, rent $3 a room, will clear
$90 per month; this Is positively the best In
vestment; will sell for SI2OO, part cash. 121
Montgomery st.
11 ROOMS, housekeeping; clear $40; rent cheap;
departure; refuse no reasonable offer. 116
Page st.
ELEGANT 47-room house: bargain; make of
fer; or will exchange. Room 45. Parrott bid.
A WELL-PAYING 11-room house, nicely fur
nished; sunny aide. 606 Eddy st.
21 ROOMS at 238* Kearny; Income $220 month;
price $1750; lease; bargain. Call at room 9.
8576—BARGAIN; ten light rooms, good loca
tion; low rent; good income. 817 Post st.
FOR sale—At a bargain, first-class 21-room
lodging-house. Inquire at 726 Folsom st.
lopoinq-houses 3porj»aiiE —Con.
Money to Loan.
Phone (private line) Main 33-4-3.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Up-to-date offices in. the James Flood build
ing, corner Market and Powell. Entrance op
posite "Emporium."
Suite SOI. near elevators.
Free service to buyers. Titles guaranteed.
HIGH - CLASS. RECOM-
B E A U TI FUL MENDED
NEW AND —37 rooms—
MODERN C 8 NEW and-MOD
rooms (partly ERN. The fur
fumished), full nishings are new
of roomers. Rent and beautiful,
mly $5 per room; Clears 5175
D-year lease; monthly. It is
price, $3500. the finest in this
Fine opportun- chy.
Ity. See
See MARION
MARION GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN.
S M A L L WANTED.
HOUSE. NEW A cultured lady
AND MODERN. to buy this
IDo you want a iashionable ho
nice, quiet, aun- tel cf 45 rooms;
ny CORNER clearing $200
HOUSE? It has monthly.
;24 rooms —Price $5000—
—and in a Vi cash; install
iplendld location. ments.
Owner out of —NOW —
city. We are or- —WE—
dered to sell and —SAY—
will submit any —THIS—
offer. —HOTEL —
Please —IS—
Remember. —O. X.—
MARION Respectfully,
GRIFFIN MARION
"Will submit GRIFFIN,
any offer."
SNAP it quick:! IF YOU
$.">CO for 1(11 want to ex
rooms; n. c. cor. change your
fine location. I house for any
north of Market. other house,
Rent $30: $230 MARION
down and $10 GRIFFIN
monthly. In- can arrange It
come should be for you.
$!*0 monthly.
Business propo
sitions.
GREAT BAR-
GAINS. 68 rooms
north of Mar
-30-room apart- ket; elevator;
ment house; rent modem; $5700;
$35; clean and % cash; eesy
full; easy terms; terms; income
price $1600: $430 over rent;
sickness. 7-year lease.
39-room lodging 87 rooms* and
house; clears bar; $4250; rent
$140; rent, $60: $.125; owner
price, $1600; positively guar
well furnlshea. antees $300 pro-
fit monthly.
10 rooms on
Geary st.; nice, 32 rooms, new
$450; $100 down and grand; o
and small pay- year lease;
ments. clears $350
monthly; $1500
18-room house, 3 down and in
blocks north: re- bailment 3.
duced to $500 if
sold by 5 p. m., 154-room apart-
Jan. 24th. ment house;
K7500; $2000
24 rooms; 3-year cash; profit $306
lease; central; , monthly.
clears $80; price
$1300. one-halt 3S rooms. very
cash. Clean and swell, on Sutter;
respectable. clears $150
■ monthly; price
22 rooms: near reduced from
Ellis and Lar- $.!500 to $3000.
kin; rent $70: Do not fall to
clears $70; price See
$1100. -educed to MARION
$945. GRIFFIN
ONLY $200 paid Do you want a
down ffor a hotel or board
trial) ing house? We
—19 rooms— have several nice
3 blocks north, propositions,
—price $1200 — Call and see us.
reduced from MARION
$1000. We back GRIFFIN,
you for a thous- James Flood bid.
and.
FISCHER & CO.,
Successor* to Mitchell & Co. in rooming
houses, hotels and flats, James Flood bldg.,
Powell und Market, room 430. Phone Main 3354.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A—EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings, 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age. occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
« TELLS YOU WHEN AND ,
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or qoman you
love and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALU SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st.—42l A—Ellis st.
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
MME. LYNN.
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic.
SPECrAL REDUCTION THIS WEEK.
Readings 60c 50c 60c 50c 50c 60c 60c 50c
Wonderful, bewildering Is the work of
Mme. Lynn, whose readings are a revelation;
advice on love, marriage, courtship, business,
mines; also reunites the separated: givVs
secret power to control any one In 21 days.
Bhe tells you full name and what you want
to know. All business strictly confidential.
2.".9 Powell St.. near Geary.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs of lif-i; never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
MRS. DR. HARBICH, clairvoyant, palmist and
card reader; gives advice in business, health,
love, employment, etc.; $1; English, German.
Hungarian, Polish and Bohemian spoken. 1838
Telegraph aye., near 33th st., Oakland.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight: tells past, present, future:
ladles, 50c; gents by cards, $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 303 Jones.nr.Eddy.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
26% Kearny st.
ISM AR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m to 6 p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer knd life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MIPS ZEMDAR. young girted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. KRONEN BERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fail try me; read-'
lnes 25c. 102% Sixth st.. near Mission.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market st.. parlor 31, clair
voyant, gives names, dates: take elevator.
PROF. JOHNS,.palmist, clairvoyant, card read
er; readings, 25c: 2 to 9 p. m. '512 Jeesie st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. tOS 6th St..rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents —The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 t> g r year.
■ SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seance, 50c,
Wednesday evening. 8 o'clock. 328 Ellis st.
FRED P. EVANS, the world's most famous
slate-writing , psychic. Office 1112 Eddy st.
C. MAYO BTEERS, trance medium; 3568 17th
st.: readings 1 to 6; tel. Capp 856.
OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 6550.
CARPET 1
COM PRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used j
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal; ;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed j
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.; ]
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. j
WHEN you become disgusted with your work i
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- |
Ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISO 9 Har
rison st.: AS cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN & CO."; phone Mission 225.
TEL~ Sutter 1981—STAR.RENOVATING CO.,
530 G. G. aye.; carpet clean., fit. lay.; reaa.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.—First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel, Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 390. GEO. WAI.COM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: nrtces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone —Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
< warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
FILLINGS, 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 960 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. "sc: crowns, $2; no
pain; op.Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,lol% Grant aye.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist.r.H.lst
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor.O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor Hush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; frowns $2 up: fillings 25c. j
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grrnt aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
AeeofwOß, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory- 11° Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory i
school for university, law and medical col
leges, is now In its twelfth year; the work
Is better than ever Tjelore; departments In
i English literature, language*, mathematics,
history, sciences, etc., cannot be surpassed
In excellence of instruction; two of the best
teachers in California are In charge of Eng
lish and of mathematics. Ccme and we will
prepare you well. Refs. President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Day and even
ing sessions. Phelan bldg.
AT 2 p. m.. Mondays, Wednesdays and Thurs
days, classes in short-story writing and
Journalism are taught at r. 383, Phelan bldg.;
terms very moderate: join these classes; In
struction thorough: real and rapid progress.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured: day. eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St., S. F.: civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates arc getUng posi
tions. S. F. Business College. 73«S Mission st.
ENGINEERING —Civil, elec. mtn., mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1884. Van
ncr NaiUer. School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2126 CalN
fornia st.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January :», 1906.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1:182 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A^—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
DESIGN, strength, materials, graphic statics
machines, structures: evgs.; mall. 20 Hartford.
Arith.,gram.,bookkpg,shorthand.ss m.: day.eve.
mdiv. lnstruc. Western Bus. Col., 1281Mkt,n.9th
MME. PRILL'S Piano School. London Con!
2105 Golden Gate aye.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING—Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor*ly by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.—Night class.
SPANlSH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Post; est.lB7l :ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office —Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Main 6732
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. WmT
YOSHY, 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
LADY with small Income wishes board for self
and daughter, 13, and baby, 2 years, in
country, near school, in exchange for ser
vices; Is good housekeeper, cook, nurse or
seamstress; best of references exchanged.
Box 4451, Call.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes general house
work and cooking; small washing; city or
Oakland; in American family. Box 4439,
Call office.
A RELIABLE woman wishes a position aa
housekeeper, city or country. 138 McAllister
St.; phone South 1162.
AN American woman wishes a position as
housekeeper or clerk In a grocery store. Call
or address 509 Jones St.. room 25.
A YOUNG girl wishes position for general
housework; wages $20; good references. Ap
ply 208 Minna st.
YOUNG girl wants to do light housework and
assist with children. Box 4452, Call.
WOMAN wants to do housework, laundry,
cooking or any kind of work. 120 Lily aye.
A YOUNG woman wants chamber work in ho
tel or lodging-house. Phone South 1182.
NURSE wishes few cases of hourly nursing;
all kinds of treatments given; doctor's orders
carried out; convenient for invalids not wish
ing to keep nurse in house. Box 4750, Call.
WELL educated, clever and reliable business
woman wants situation to run roomlne;
houso; party has first-class-references. Box
4772, Call office.
CAPABLE German woman wants position as
working housekeeper; has girl 9 years old;
city or country. Address Mrs. J. H., 1511
Market st.
A RESPECTABLE young woman would like
another engagement as nurse for ladles in
confinement; willing to do light housework;
reference given. C. A., box 4766. (.'all office.
NEAT young woman wishes situation as lady's
muld; understands halrdresslng. manicuring;
can sew; $30; references. 1372 Tenth St..
Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by woman to do house
work in small family; plain cooking; wages
$18 to $2J. Apply 214 Fifth st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation as
houseworker; Is good laundress; city or coun
try. Box 4755. Call.
YOUNG woman wants to do housework by
the day and sle-p home at night. Call or
address 1369 Vallejo st.
YOUNG girl wishes position for general house
work; wages $20; good references. Apply
2('S Minna st.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes position
as housekeeper, with little girl 4 years old.
Address 1346 Utah st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place for general
housework. Call at 316% Rltch St., bet.
Br-mnar. and Townsend.
t _____________
GOOD laundress wants day work In families:
no cleaning: good ironer. Address Laun
dress. 145 Twelfth st.
ELDERLY woman wishes a housekeeper's
'place: good cook. 136 Fifth St., bet. How
ard and Mission.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housT
work or cooking; good cook. Call at 711
Polk st.. near Ellis.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a position in pri.
vate family; has the best city references.
1810 Fillmore st.
WANTED—Position as pantry girl and dish
washer In hcte! or boarding hcuse by two
friends. Address L. B. M., box 364, Ukiah.
EMFLOx^ENTJ»7AOTED^-Fe^
LADY and daughter want chamber work in ho
tel, or take entire charge of rooming-house.
091 Geary st.
WANTED —Situation as chambermaid or as
housekeeper. Call at room 28, The Bruns
wick.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes washing or
cleaning by the day. Address by letter, M.
X., lt«9 Mission st.
A YOUNG colcred woman wishes light house
work or cooking. Call at 23.32 Greenwich st.
A POSITION as tall cress Box 4972, Call of
fice.
2~~COMPETENT colored women want chamber
work In same house. Box 4590, Call office.
COMPETENT stenographer and office assistant
desires position. Box 4555. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young girl; 8 years'
reference; general housework. Box 4881, Call.
JAPANESE girl wishes to do housework and
nursing. A. N. p 11 St. Mary st.
HEALTHY woman, with 6 months old baby,
wishes place as wet nurse. Box 4443, Call.
An elderly lady would like a few hours light
work each day. Box 4424. Call office.
A COLORED girl as nurse for children and do
sewing. 351 C Minna st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
PRIVATE parties or Investment companies
building homes or flats can secure the ser
vices of a first-class architect and foreman
carpenter; one who can construct your build
ings quickly and properly; can design your
plans, take charge of your building and ad
vise you in purchasing your necessary mate
rials to economy: wishes to build either by
contract labor, salary or pereentage~.Apply
box 4432, Call office.
BY mlddle-agsd lady and gentleman from the
East positions on dally or weekly news
paper as advertising solicitors or assistants
in almost any department; capable of taking
fuil charge of country weekly, editing, re
porting, reading proof, making up forms,
keeping nccounts, collecting bills, etc.; thor
oughly- reliable in every respect. Address at
on™. Editor, general delivery. San Francisco.
WANTED —Position by competent man; well
experienced as Janitor or teamster. Address
5409 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS compounder of whisky, brandy,
bitters, cocktails, cordials and syrup wishes
position; best of refs. Box 4746. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man as cook's
helper and kitchen man; strictly temperate
and reliable. Box 4724. Call.
GOOD barber, middle-aged, wants Job, city or
country. Address box 4719, Call office.
A YOUNG man, formerly marine fireman and
oiler. Al references, wishes position as fire
man or oiler, coal or oil, or engineer of
small plant; understands pumps, dynamos,
steam engines and steamfltting. Box 4201.
Call office.
FJRST-CLASS bricklayer will do any kind of
brick work by the day or by the week; give
good satisfaction: prices reasonable. 147
Fifth St.; tel. Howard 3157.
MARRIED man, no children, wishes charge of
fruit, dairy or poultry ranch: capable
and experienced; can arrange, do building
and manage to success; references. Box
4885. Call office.
GARDENER, first-class (single), of long ex
perience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and green-house work, wishes a situ
ation on private place; references. E. S., box
48.10, Call office.
BY male nurse and masseur, with first-class
training and experience; invalid or mental
patient; private or Institution anywhere;
references. Box 4751, Call office.
MACHINIST wants work In small shop doing
automobile and general repairing work, with
privilege of buying interest. Box 1011, Call
office. Oakland.
PORTER, 25. stranger in city, seeks any em
ployment at once; willing worker and handy
around my place; try me. Address box
4726, Call. I
BUTLER —Thoroughly competent Japanese boy
wishes position in city or country immedi
titi-ly: have good references. R. G., 407
Pest st.
BAKERS!—First-class, all around bread and
cake baker and confectioner, wants situa
tion: country preferred. HUNTER, 508
Ninth st.
AN elderly man wants work In bar, grocery or
cigar stand; speaks English and German.
Box 4751). Call.
A RELIABLE man wishes a position around
a gentleman's place; care of horses and gar
den. 258% Tehama st.
A POSITION as janitor or watchman by inid
dl?-aged German man; best B< x
4447. Call office.
WANTED —Position by traveling liquor sales
man with good trade in Oregon »md Wash
ington. 315 Eddy st.
BLACKSMITH orwhelper wants wo-k in city;
carriage shop preferred. D. \V. PEERY,
1130>4 Howard st.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation in grocery store and bar-oom
good references. W. BOHLING. 417 Keurny!
WANTED—By young man, position of any
kind; must have work; well acquainted with
city and used to handling horses. 4731, Call.
YOUNG man, 24 years old. would like position
as bill or entry clerk; two years' experience.
872 Mission st.
WANTED —Position as pressman; first-class
references; steady and reliable. Box 4995,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted to take care of a private
place by a reliable man: understands horses.
Address K. E., 255% Tehama st.
RAPID single key-board typewriter operator
desires steady position: resides with parents;
highest references. Box 4505. Call.
BOATKEEPEF. position wanted by a sailor
on private yacht. Address MR. MILLE,
50.'i Folsom st., corner First.
A YOUNG Filipino, recommend speaking
English, wonts place as house servant. Ad
dress 2117 Ninth St., West Berkeley, Cal.
COACHMAN —Position wanted by competent,
reliable young Englishman; understands gar
dening; can milk, etc. Box 44C0, Call office.
A MALE nurse with four years' experience In
traveHng N desires care of a gentleman. T. R.,
451 Devlsadero.
WANTED —By a young man, a situation as
porter In store; not afraid to work. Ad
dress C. A., 741 Tehama st.
CARPENTER—EIderIy first-class carpenter
wants work: Hty or country; best references.
Box 443.-., Call.
DRAUGHTSMAN (experienced architectural)
wishes position In architect's or builder's of
fice. Address ROB.. 1118% Folsom st.. city.
EXPERIENCED draughtsman (naval architect)
wishes position. Box 4559, Call office.
A HANDY young man wishes to get night
work of any kind. Box 4854, Call office.
AN experienced wholesale salesman wants po- i
sltion; married. Box 4737. Call.
COLLECTOR wants situation: first-class refer
ences. Address box 4767, Call office.
BOY. 16 years, to be apprentice; some good
trade; electrician preferred. Box 4445, Call.
YOUNG man experienced In paper warehouse
v.ants situation. Box 4788, Call office.
Al SECOND cook wishes position in city or
country. Box 4947, Call office.
GOOD young Japanese (retired midshipman)
wants a i>ositlon as a schoolboy or do house
work in good family; if you like I will
teach jiu jltsu. A. OKADA, Japanese M. E.
Church. 1329 Pine st.
A—i WISH work in city; very good home; I
can cook well; nice recommendation- very
honest boy; wages $25 a monn. IT A* (Jap
anese), 405 Kearny st.
YOUNG Japanese girl wants position as plain
cook and houseworkcr In small family around
the eleventh block of st.; wages $4 50
we*k. 8. SAKUKI, 1484 Fulton st.
JAPANESE, well experienced boy r wishes sit
uation as waiter on table and housework in
family: waf.es $6 up week. Address HENRY
NAGAO. 804 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 19. city.
JAPANESE, experienced cook. wantsXposltion
in private family. 1544 Polk st.; phone Lar
kln 3862.
A JAPANESE boy wants a posUlon as school
boy or house worker. A. HAT ASH I 7*4
Post St.; tel. Sutter 781.
A JAPANESE boy wants a portion to do
housework; $4 a.week. GEORGE. 8i» Geary
st.; prime Hyde 2084.
BRIGHT Japanese wants position in store or
office. H. MILER, 931-Sacramento it.
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MM©—Con.
RELIABLE Japanese wants position as porter
In saloon or hotel or store work; manage-,
elevator: perfect English; notify by I»tt,r
HENRY T. A.. 235 Valencia st.
A GOOD strong Japanese boy wants to work
house-cleaning, dishwashing, etc.; jn„i '
English. Tel. Polk 4085. aKt
RELIABLE young Japanese couple want po-|.
tions In private family; wife as cook; man
to do general work. ■ 521 Jesse st.. Tamura.
Hotel.
PRIVATE position wanted by handy Japanese
to work in stable or milk cow. Address ft*
A. N.. 319 Grant aye.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants posit7on~~| n
morning or evening. T. T.. 931 Sacramento.
CHINESE, with experience, as excellent fam
ily cook; references; city or country; «
$H5 to $40. Send your letters to box A 73»4,
Jackson st.; phone China 665, bet. 9 an( j
12 a m.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes position
in hotel or boarding-house, city or country
Address Cook. C 25 Dupont at.
EOKBMA CURB.
$100 FREE for any case of eciema. salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st
FINANCIAL.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In , $4 600.000 ito
Surplus 840,901 6«
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office—No. 14. Sansome st.,
San Francisco. Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES and fiats to let; an bnmense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-59 Geary
St., on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us flr.'l
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1039 Market St., opp. McAllister.
NINETEENTH. 3950. block from Eightt .uh
or Castro cars —Lovely sunny lower flat, 3
rooms with extra room on porch; key lot;
$23 50; water free; must be seen, etc.
MISSION. 3007%. near 26th—9 rooms and
bath; rent $25 month. Apply McKAY &
CO.. 2955 Mission st
CORNER flat of 6 sunny rooms and bath, r»
the corner of Twenty-fourth and Dougla?s
sts.; rents $20. Apply on premises.
NEW, elegant flats; latest improvements; Just
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB, 630
Market st.
NEW, elegant 9-room flat. 1181 Turk st.
LOWER flat of 7 rooms; rent $27 50. 1588
Fulton st.
POLK 2500 cor. Filbert—Fine sunny corner
flat, 7 rooms and bath; marins view; $35.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath. 3436 Twen
tieth, between Howard and Capp.
MISSION St., 2721—Upper sunny flat, 6 rooms;
modern, yard and basement.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON Sc 116 Montgomery st.
B SUNNY rooms, with bath; $18. Call 2210
Fillmore st.
? ROOMS, new, with carpets. 1012 Pine st.
FLATS FOB SALE—FURNISHED.
CARPETS and handsome oak furniture of 3
room apartments, facing Panhandle; rent
$22 60; cheap for cash. Call 1 to 4at 401
Cole st.; Oak-st. car.
SUNNY 4-room furnished flat and bath; birds
eye maple set: none but neat, steady couple
wanted; rent $35; references. 1660 Jones St.,
near Broadway.
FOR sale—A newly furnished flat of 7 rooms;
rent reasonable. Inquire at 1438 Sacramento
St., bet. and Hyde.
$500—NEWLY furnished flat with piano; T
roams; 50c on the dollar. 3645 17th St.
NEW 10-room flat. Just furnished, full room
ers; cash or time: no agents. 582 Geary st.
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
HANDSOME modern flat of 5 rooms; hand*
snmely furnished: near Geary, east of Leav
enworth. Box 4745, Call.
PINE, 732 —Sunny 5-r. and b. flat, well furn.,
for sale bar., or rent, reasonable; no agents.
FURNITURE WANTED.
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"—We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
finings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market St.. be
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 178.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc., until you g*et his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD, auc. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 23:^;.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush Sl3
CALL on Alfrejl Wollpert. 773 Mission St., be
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4402.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Beautiful .'l-r. aptmt. furn.< going Europe; Jef
ferson Sq. 348 Gough St.; tel. Grant 24.
SELF WANTED—FEMALE.
4~CroKs/
2 cooks. American style. $30.
2 Infant nurses. $30-$35.
3 German nurseglrls. $25.
2 nurseglrls. $20-$25.
French upstairs girl, $25.
Housework, no wash, Ross Valßy $30.
Housekeeper. 2 men, Pelaluma. $15.
Chambermaid, country hotel, $25.
Janltrcss for ,a home. $30.
6 waitresses, city and country hotels, $25.
Housework, city, nice place. $36.
Second girl. San Rafael, $20.
A large number of housegirls for city and
country, good places and first-class wages.
Call early. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sut
ter at. .
TWO nurses for the same institution; $25.
board and room; place In city.
Two strong young girls to do chamber
work in an institution; $20. board and room.
MISS PLUNKETT. 428 Sutter st,
GIRLS to learn halrdresslng. manicuring, etc.;
trade taught from A to Z In 2 wks.; tuition
$5 to those entering now; 3 positions to fill
Immediately; positions guar, at $10 per week
up; only recognized college of Its kind on
coast; day and eve. class. 233 Geary, r. 18.
WANTED —Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season; both season-' taught from start
to finish in one month for $15; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlora 143 Stockton St.. r. 18.
A—PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; -only
recognized college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening claases; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY: STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS * CO.. 32%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STR.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY: STEADY WORK; GOOD FAT.
LEVI STRAUSS * CO.
WANTED —Middle-age German woman for
chamber work; good wages; reference*. Box
4744, Call office.
YOUNG girl for general housework; no win
dows nor washing; wages $20. Apply morn
ing. 1522 Broadway.
GIRL wanted, chamber wk, Berkeley; t flrst
class waitresses; $26. Mrs. Lewis,. 807 Powell
WANTED —A young girl for cooking or lowa
st airs work; $25. 1018 Sutter st. A.CLEARING-HOUSE OF HUMAN INTERESTS
HBLP WANTED—FEMALE—Continued.
V. ANTE.?-- -Lauie* to ieera hair-dressing, man- j
. '••-ring, racial taa**ag»4tn4 scalp treatment*; i
« weeka complete-; export infractors; call 1
«i write. M.'.rr System Co., <!49 Sacrament ~ j
A Experienced onerators on ladles' waists I
land salts; paid by the week; good wage*. J
• «6t. Mission st., third floor.
GIRL to*do light housework and mind children;
■•*',:' wegi:«. Cell 337 Elm aye., between
Franklin and Gough *t*.
GIRT, for general housework In small family;
wag-. $„. Call iBl7 Prince St.. Lorln.
South Berkeley.
ALL hairdresalfig, manicuring, fate massage
ar.d scalp treatments are fret at the Moler
Ftyatem College, 649 Sacramento: hours 1-4.
A—Tuckers wanted; (fjod wages. 656 Mission
St., third floor. >
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
A—MURRAY * READY. 034-636 (lav st.
Phone Main 8848
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave la 1904 1005 we hope to
04,000 men work. increase 64,000.
SPECIALS.
OPEN AT 7 A. M.
Steam shovel foreman; see boss here; $100 1
and found. {
Cement finisher; good, long Job: $3 60 day./
. Man to run carding machine, city factory;
$2 28 day
FARMB.
DAIRIES. ORCHARDS. VINEYARDS.
Teamsters, farmers, milkers.
HOTELS.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, gardeners, por
ters, bellboys, elevator boys, yardmen etc
MARRIED.
Man and wife, country, $40 to $50 and found;
cook and wife. $80 and found; 2 waiters,
Southern California, good hotel $26 and
found. $1 25 fare.
BOOKKEEPER.
. Bookkeeper for country store and Postofflee, !
south; married man preferred; must give
bonds; $60.
Bookkeeper and general office man, mining
company; must have experience around mine;
$90.
bookkeeper, country merchandise store, $75. 1
Working foreman, ranch, south. #30 and fd. ]
Farmer and wife, chicken ranch, good propo
sition.
BUTCHERS.
Shop butcher, south; good job; $45 and fd.
Butcher, shop and wagon; near city; $86 and
found.
Butcher, city Job; steady: $12 weeek.
TEAMSTERS.
3 teamsters, 2-horse lumber wagon, city,
$2 60 day.
1 teamster, near city, $2 day.
Jobbing gardener, city, $40.
2 concrete finishers, near city, $4 50 day.
Man and wife, ranch, Placer County, $32 50
and found.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
■01.302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor. 121 Geary.
. Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for:
Offlce men. Assistant bookkeepers.
• Bookkeepers. Hotel clerks.
Stenograph***, Railroad clerks.
Office managers. Timekeepers.
lent clerks. Collectors.
A «UI tants. Bill clerks.
Buyers. Shipping clerks.
.•Traveling salesmen. Law office clerks.
.Mai Brger for dept. stores. Entry clerks.
. Cashiers. Cigar clerks.
Credit men. Dry goods clerks.
■ Becretarlea. Receiving clerks.
General office work In all lines of business.
Office* and representatives In other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau,
• 801-302 Starr King bldg.. 3d floor, 121 Geary st.
-t ,
A—FREDERICKSON. the tunnel foreman, who
used to work for Carney A Roy at Casper,
please telephone or telegraph address to
.. C. R. HANSEN _ CO 429 Bush st.
A hotel butcher, city....s4o to $45 and board
Blacksmith, city t $2 50 day
Silverman, country hotel, fare paid....s3o fd.
.C. R. HANSEN A CO 429 Bush st.
. WE NEED GOOD MEN
To fill the orders received dally; many of
the best firms come to us for men; we can
• show that we place our subscribers in good
positions; our publication reaches employers
weekly; whether employed or not, we can
help you; Investigate us.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY,
416 Starr King bldg.
YOUNG man, good address, experienced gro
.• ' eery salesman, to handle line of grocery
* specialties in city and across the bay; lib
eral salary and expenses. 415 Starr King
•' building.
. BUTLER, $40; blacksmith's helper, $2 to $2 50
[ day; 2 machine miners. $3 day; ranch team
ster, $35 and found; choreman, $15 and
found; butler. $40 and found, and others.
• J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st,
• "*" AT HORD A SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third at.
Teamsters, bay shore, $2.
Solicitors, tea and coffee, 60 per cent.
WANTED—Traveling representatives for reli
able book firm; salary $20 per week and ex
penses; small cash security. Address box
'271, Sacramento, Cal.
PARTY with $350 in light business; good
profit; light service required. A No. 1 busi
ness. Inquire 283 Fourth St., barber shop.
• WANTED —One or two men to learn a trade;
must have $10 security; ne Sunday work.
Ca!l 212 First st.
WANTED —Boy with little experience to help
on cakes. 1098 Clay St., cor. Mason.
8-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap. 804
Folsom st.
BARBERS—For sale, cheap, one complete six
ohalr. compressed air outfit. 89% Turk *t.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade at
ths original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.; 8 weeks completes;
positions guaranteed; expert instruction;
wages while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 644 Clay st.
WANTED—A first-class map draughtsman and
letterer: one who Is also a land surveyor pre
ferred. Address, with sample of work, box
634, Salinas, Cal.
A FIRST-CLASS bookkeeper and stenographer
(Remington) wanted; apply handwriting
only; references; state aalary desired. Box
4767, Call office.
WANTED—26O men to know that "The Best"
•till leads and i* the cleanest and most com
fortable lodging house In the city; room*, 10c
to 26c 607 California st., near Kearny.
WANTED—A minister without a charge to do
special work In Northeastern California;
transportation and $75 per month. Box 4850
Call office.
WANTED —Laborer* and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor ha*
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 room*; 26c to 50c per night.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade7~S
weeks completes; position* guaranteed; ex
pert instructions; wages while learning.
- Call or write Meier Sys. Cel., 649 Sacramento.
WANTED—Men and boy* to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. Bchool of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-75 Eoston aye., St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED—Proofreader with knowledge of
general office work: state wages; references.
. Box 4758, Call office
WANTED—Three men to learn harbor trade;
absolutely free and will pay you while learn -
• ing. 751 Mission st.
TRY our men's shoe*. Union made; $1 and $1 80
par; foot-form (hoe*, $2 50; we pay express
•charges 11 8d st. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
WANTED—Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothe* closets, hair mattresses, elec
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 671 Mission St.. bet. l»t and 2d st*..
or 11 Third «♦ Fxamin<*r building.
AN elderly expert physician on diseases of
men. DR. KING 23 Third »t.
WANTED—Young m*n to work for hi* tuition
in S. F Barber School. 741 Howard st,
SWELL 2-chair shop for sale; doing nice busl
rtiess; owner retiring. 2684 Market st.
— |
2-CHAIR barber shop cheap; going in other
business. 1850 Howard st.
BARBER shon sold at a bargain if sold before
lb* Ut. 729 Mission st.
TO be an expert barber go io GlMeU's School;
cheapest and qus>k»st. 611 Commercial st.
L>BOR debt* onlleotad; suits, attachment*.
Law A Adjustment Co., 49 Peoond St., r 522.
■BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
* h!p * HALLHERT. 617 Jackson »t.
HEN to '.enrn the defective business: paid
.while 'earning. 997 Market St.. room 104.
MEN -Tinted at 137 fid's;., where shoes are r»
palred by machinery: sewed sole* 10 mm..750.
PENSION atty.. ■TaTbullls r. 4o7Phelan bid
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
HEX.-? WANTED—MALE—Continue-.
ittentkjkl ' -
Vve bare opened a first-class barber college
in connection with our I-os Ang-ele* college;
S weeks completes the trade under our ex
pert instructors; wafi—i paid while learning;
positions guaranteed; next ten students at
h_f our Marnier price; call or write. Ad
'--LJAfAN'S COLLEGE. 627 Clay St.
vt/ANTED—Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenue an-.i custom-noui-e positions;
free catalogue Pacific Ccnrespondonee Insti
tute, Grant bldg., luM Market; open evngs.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar
ket—7oo rooms; 83c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
beeu opened at 100$ Market St.. opposite
Plfth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENT?, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts
ALL size.* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price 571 Mission St.. brt. l.t and 2d sts.
HOBSB9 AND WAGONS.
CAMP, express, grocery and peddling wagons;
surreys. 3 and 4 seats; al! kinds of business
and rubber tire buggies; 100 sets single and
double harness; 12 fine ponies; 1 fast pacer,
going at half price; horses from $10 up;
auction every Tuesday, 11 a. m., at 1140
Folsom St., bet. Tth and Bth.
•200- BAY horse. 16:3 hands high; will road 10
miles an hour without stroke of the whip;
reason for selling is. I am disposing of
everything and have no use for horse or car
riage. Can be seen at Waterbury'a stable,
Berkeley station.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY.Pres.,6IO Golden Oat*.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at U a. m. 327 Stxth st.
BAY horse for sale; good trotter; 0 years old.
Address box 4003, Call office.
WANTED—A good horse, buggy and harness.
Box 4403. Call office.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. B.* STEWART * CO.. 220 Valencia.
Fire sale—All vehicles at reduced prices during
alterations at O'Brien's, 600 Golden Gate aye.
GOING out of business, r.ew and second-Stand
wagons sold cheap 1680 Mission St., nr. 13th.
HOUSES TO LET.
A—PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
NORTHWEST corner Pierce and Pine sts. —
House of 10 rooms and 2 baths, electrlo
lights, beam ceiling dining-room, cement
basement, etc.; thoroughly modern. Apply to
owner, GEO. H. KAHN, 201 Kearny St.
HOUSES TO LET—FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished corner sunny house, seven
rooms and bat">. 104 Pierce st.. nr. Height.
HOUSES FURNISHED —FOR SALE.
$275; SNAP; downtown 9-room house; $30 ov*r
rent. Box 4720, Call.
8 ROOMS nicely furnished; price $300; rent
$23 50; leaving city. Box 4701. Call.
JESSIE, 478 (near Sixth)—A furnished house
of 12 rooms for sale reasonable.
INVESTMENTS.
WANTED—A man with $20,000 to take an in
terest In 3 mines located In Nevada; money
to be used for developing purposes and neces
sary mills; over 100,000 tons of ore now In
sight ,nat wlll ™ n from $-*35 to $35 per ton;
samples of ore can be seen at room 3, 26
Montgomery st. R. E. CALLAHAN.
REALTY Syndicate certificates ridiculously
cheap. 136 Ninth st.
INSTALLMENT 3UTLDINO.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 612 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
LCST AND FOUND.
LOST—A passbcok with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In Iho
name Of PATRICK CAREY. No. 198-S5O.
The finder will please return tc bank.
LOST—Fox terrier; Alameda license tag; an
swer* to name of "Mac"; solid white body;
black and tan marks on head; $10 reward for
return to 1737 Alameda aye., Alameda.
FOUND—Purse, containing keys and $50;
owner can have same by proving property
and paying costs. Apply WILLIAM COR
LISS. 227 Folsom st.
LOST —Lady's gold watch, north of Market *t.,
Tuesday p. m.; very liberal reward. Clerk,
Winchester Hotel.
LOST—Mare, white face and white hind legs,
long mane, long tall, 3 years old. Return
to 400 Cambridge St.; $20 reward.
LOST —On Union St., January 22, pocket-book
containing $15 and valuable receipt*. Re
ward of $5 if returned to 2829 Baker st.
LOST—English setter dog; white, black ear
and shoulder; no collar: answers to name of
Dick. Return to 800 Guerrero st.; reward.
LOST —Certificate of deposit on Columbian
Bank. PETER BERRY, United States Hotel.
LOST—Diamond solitaire ring; liberal reward.
W. R., box 4582. Call office.
FOUND—A Laverach setter. Address J. WIL
SON. Sausalito.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNETLITIaUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATRIMONIAL.
TWO young men. chums, holding steady po
sitions, wish the acquaintance of honest
and sespectable ladles; matrimonial Inten
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has put
him at the head. He guarantees relief or no
pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL —All who are sick cr
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every case taken; immediate relief; no pei
sonlng drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LADlES—Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room L Est. 14 yean.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re
lteX guaranteed. 1006%-Market st., opp. 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all femaie
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 yeat a' experience. 944 Post st,
ALL case* of female irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 850
Market st., opp. Fourth, room 37.
MRS. DR GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth *t., be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, near 4th.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2996 Folsom St., corner
26th. ).. .-. relief or no fee; $10.
PC fi C ELLAR ECUS— FOR SALE.
ID-HAND uvaehlnery, engine*, boiler*, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MOHY. CO., 130-132 Beale «t.
DOES YOUR ROe)fHIRAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or iron
roof? Cov«r It with Mastle Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leak*. Write
us about It. Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Market.
JEWEL ga* range and heater, in use three
months; cheap. 1247 California st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-h«nd machinery. McIN
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 198 197 Fremont st.
FOR sale —Moving picture machine and Aim*;
cheap. Box 4721. Call.
FOR sale or exchange -Choice selection of ml»
-•ral *pecimeuts;what have youT 800 McAllister
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1905.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE—Con.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on credit
by paying one-fifth down, balance payable at
your own convenience. Pacific Jewelry Co.,
21 Stockton ft., second floor.
A —BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
FOR sale, to be removed —A good S-room
house, 1714 Pacific eve., near Franklin st.
Apply at 1721 Vaiiejo st.
TRY our men s shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
PRINTING press, Bxl2 Peerless, with throw
off and fountain, for sale cheap. Apply 619
Filbert st.
FOR sale—A collection of doctor's books; com
plete library: useful for students. 8695 Sacto.
FOR saie—Good paying restaurant; good lo
cation; cheap. Call at once, 2045 Folsom st.
TALKING machine records; second-hand; good
condition. 307 Sansome *t., room 8.
TWO fresh cow* for sale: one Jersey. Apply
48 Chapultepeo st.
12-FOOT windmill and a 10,000 gallon tank
and 3 horsepower ga* engine at 518 Jersey.
SAFES and desks at nearly cost; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. L FREEMAN, 1325 Market st.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
SD-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, saah,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFEST—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremor.t st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Faint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 4i3.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA—Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
Highest prices paid for ladles' and gents' cast
off clothing. Tllton, 154 9th; tel. Jesale 3910.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladies' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Red 77.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 405, Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny st.: phone Black 3036.
MONET TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Ino.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, c*.
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests fn property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment*.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office. _
SALARY LOANS— .
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential end courteous treatment;
call and get terme. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1197
Market and 27 Third st.
A —ON furniture or piaaos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, rbom 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE—Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,523 Parrott bid.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
ON notes, salaries, etc. United Loan A Trust
Co., 21 Stockton St., second floor.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank Bid.
2 PER CENT per month on valuable* Port
land Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st-
MONEY loaned on mining and oil stocks.
WILLIAM H INK EL A CO.. 326 Pine ct.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California st., rooms 14 and 18.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 638 Kearny.
8% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room Bi, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEST Inducements; best selection of stock.
Over 10 years' experienoe renting piano*
Square pianos and organs, $1 per month.
Good uprights, $2 and $2 60 per month.
One year rental allowed.
The best Instrument in the city for $8 month.
SCOTr CURTAZ, 660 Hayes *L
a""BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright . $6$
1 Stoddard, mahogany $115
Also one Chlckerlng, Weber, Vo*e, Sterling,
Steinway, Curtas, Rudolph, Fischer, Haines
and others. Eaay payment* BENJ. CUR
TAZ A SON. 16 CFarrell *t
A FEW snap* left In *econd-hand pianos;
your terms our terms; rents $2 up allowed
•if purchased; Installments $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St., S. F.; 1252
Broadway, Oakland.
AUCTION Jan. 24, 1906; annual storage sale,
27 high-grade new second-hand pianos, stor
age furniture, desks, safes, etc.: sale bona
fide. WHITEHEAD'S Storage. 1636 Market.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright! one good
square. $20. HORtfUNG. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights,new A 2d-hand.s4s to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.
j SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
' player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
! NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ A CO., 16 McAllister st.
j 8-PBDAL Steinway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
■ Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS., 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
( WINDOW; suitable for clgarmarker or watch
maker; 'also basement; good location; rea
sonable. Inquire Call office.
RENTS reduced; office* to let; 289 Post, cor.
Stockton; all light rooms; janitor and ele
vator service*
STORE with fixtures, 3 rooms and bath. Ap.
ply 1025 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
PERSONALS.
A—MME. GILLINGHAM, dermatologist; rate*
this week; ladle* with one-half the face
treated can be seen daily; will show perma
nency: home for patients; my personal care
given; will teach; write or call for booklet.
148 Stockton.
"REXRADIO'S" time being fully ENGAGED,
he cannot receive NEW patient* for a "few"
day* '
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*
DR. Q. 8. MOORE. 832 O'Farrsll at.
INFANTS adopted; maternity villa: private
Dr. Emilie Funk*. 1416 Bth *t., Alameda,
PERSONALS—Continued.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im
proves Its growth, stops faliing.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdresser*';ac
eept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Folk
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1890. 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
MENDING BUREAU—I7I4% Polk st. Cloth
ing neatly mended.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suit*
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
WRINKLES, freckles, mole*, superfluous hair
removed; latest meth. Mme. Marie.lo42 Ellis.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fins clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 5a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bu»h and DuponL
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wl£g;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
BLOOD POISON.
Serum-Toxin given hypodermlcally la pain
lea* and quickly cure* contracted blood pot
ion; administered only by Ami-Toxin fab
oratories. Western offices, 850 Market St.,
suite 27.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL—Of flee and residence,
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar atention paid to diseases of women.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; on* week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 9 Powell st.
BLOOD, skin and rectal disease* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED—DR WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treat* all diseases of the human body; for
. past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor—All dl»
-eaacs cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P.
tornev-at-!*w. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market St.
REAL ESTATE—COUNTRY—For Sal*.
WHITE A BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
INSURANCE.
$7500—20 acres at Sunnyvale Santa Clara
Count}-. 6 miles of San Jose; all In full bear
ing prunes, peaches, almonds and cherries;
rich black loam; modern house, 7 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; brick cellar: cement
floor; windmill; 3-story tankhouse; 2 fine barns;
complete drying plant; farming Implements;
half cash; superb gentleman's horn* with large
Income.
$175 per acre—ln 10-acre lot*; on main coun
ty road, 2 miles of Haywards; rural delivery;
close to school.
$3500 —14 acres; 1 mile of Haywards; 7 acre*
rich valley loam; small house and barn; fenced
3 fields; 60 cords of wood; hay; half cash.
$3500 — 7 miles of Lodl; 62 acres; 6-room
house; barn, good well; family vineyard; 13
acres wine grapes.
$2200—Only 2 miles of Ripon; 40 acres with
4-room house, barn and well; close to creamery
and station.
$9600—Only 7 miles of Haywards; 480 acres,
about 300 farming land; flne stock ranch; 2
small houses, f large barns; plenty wood.
$1800 —5 acres; 300 fruit trees, mostly apri
cots; small house, barn, windmill; running wa
ter, plenty wood; close to school; 3 miles of
$2800—58 acres: only 2 miles of Soquel; 21
acres of best black sandy loam, suitable for
truck gardening; about 4 acres full bearing or
chard and vineyard; raises best corn and pota
toes In State; 6-room hard finished residence;
hot and cold water; barn, granary, wagon
shed, poultry-houses; abundant water; only
$800 down; easy terms; 400 cord* of wood.
$3000-Foothlll ranch, 160 acre*; only 3 miles
of Clayton, Contra Costa County; 80 acres plow
land, balance pasture, family orchard; house
and barn.
SlT.'.o—l6o acres, of which 90 are level; 140
under cultivation; near Clayton; new house, 5
rooms and basement; new barn, 36x40; poultry
houses; fenced 4 fields; water piped to build
ings; family orchard; terms.
$1900^ —Only 2 miles Santa Rosa; 5 acres rich
bottom land; neat 4-room cottage; good barn,
poultry-houses; buggy and harness; poultry;
farming tools.
' $10,500—Only 1% miles of Santa Rosa; 93
acres; on fine drive; 25 acres full bearing
French prunes and pears; 50 acres black grav
elly loam, adapted to walnuts; modern 9-room
residence: fine barn, holding 200 tons of hay,
carriage-house, windmill and tank, corncribs,
etc.
$600^ —Almost adjoins stores, P. O. and 6
miles of Anderson; 10 acres; 6 acres bearing
peaches; cabin 18x24; under irrigation ditch;
well fenced; poultry men, investigate quick.
$300 down—l mile of R. R. town; 18 acres
level black loam; no buildings; well fenced;
13 acres full bearing pears and French prunes;
flne creek for poultry; price $2000, any terms.
$12,500 —386 acres rich alluvial soil; 2 miles
of two thriving railroad towns and not far
from Lodl, San Joaquin County; small almond
orchard; good house, * rooms, and house for
help; fine barn, holding 100 tons; wagon-shed,
blacksmith shop; windmill, 5000-gallon tank;
fenced and cross-fenced; terms or exchange
gilt-edge bay property.
$8500—On oiled drive: 1 mile of Llvermore;
40 acres healthy, full bearing vineyard; about
6 acres fruit; plain dwelling; barn; good well
and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for this
place.
$3000—25 acres; 1 mile of Courthouse and
high school; 6 acre* flne alfalfa; 10 acres Bart
lot; pears and almonds; balance alfalfa land;
2 wells, fully equipped pumping plant: dwell
ing, barn, poultry-houses, drying plant; half
cash.
$8500 —Close to Napa City; 50 acres rich,
level land; 35 acres In ordchard 12 year* old:
good 8-room house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant; poultry yards; horses, cat
tle, farming tool*; good furniture; flne Income;
half cash.
$2600—25 acres, half rolling and balance
level; near Santa Rota, 3 mile* of Kenwood;
rich land; 2 acres orchard; vine yard; creek; 2
wells; nice cottage, 5 rooms; large barn;
fenced Into 4 fields; 5 poultry-houses, large
wire netting yards, 150 laying hens; good horse,
8 cattle, spring wagon, top buggy; 4 tons hay;
easy terms.
$2950—2 mile* of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
garden aoll- 8% acre* bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit: good dwelling, barn, poultry-house*;,
horse, wagon, carts, plows, 3 sets harness,
tools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
fine crop.
$1700 —25 acre*, close to Calistoga; adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard; cozy 6
room cottage; good bam; fine water.
$400 down—6 acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house, 2 Incubators, brooders; all
farming tools; near Petaluma; price $2000.
$6500 —Only 1 mile of Haywards; 37 acres
flne land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
house, 6 rooms and bath; finest barn In county,
alone cost $4000; flne view; this is the best buy
in the vicinity.
LODI— LODL
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10-acre
lots; only 2% miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
soil rich, black, sandy loam. 12 feet deep;
school on the tract; $75 per acre; this will not
last over 80 days; first come, first served.
|1200 —10 acres in vine and fruit belt, near
Lodl; sandy loam; 6-room house and barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi
fied printed list on the coast.
WHITE A BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN BUT
TER COUNTY.
$C 6 an acre buy* choice orchard land within
three mile* of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery: beet market center for all kinds
cf fruit: the Butte County Irrigation ditch
coming this way; survey* under way for
two electric line* to traverse this section
and an overland road (the Western Pacific)
passing through here all point to a large in
crease in land value*; four dally passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now: no
• other section offers a better opportunity for
profitable Investment: also have com* good
dredge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Estate
Dealer, 406 Second «t.. Marysville, Cal.
~ A SURE PLACE FOR A HOME!
We have a few Improved and unimproved
farms, situated In Santa Cruz and Monterey
counties, where there are no dry year*; no
booms no malaria; the bert climate and water
In the State. Apply GAFFEY A MAHON, 11
Montgomery at.. San Francisco.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERtS!
Btnd postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California.. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market st. ' *
■fQ reach Pacific Coast dairymen list your
dairy ranches with Rianda A Co., 027 Montg.
REAL ESTATE—CITY—TOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS I
Incomparable "Oceanslde" Dlst. lots!
$500 to $1200.
Your choice in graded new block*. Easy terms.
Fronting right on Boulevard and Ocean.
$600 to $1000— Lot* fronting Park; unobstructed
view of Park and Ocean; on official grade;
has positively best future in this city. On
installments.
$100 $150, $250 to $860—Near Park and Ocean.
The prices and location and terms cannot
be beaten.
All bargain*! Be* them at oncel
Branch office on corner H street and 47th aye.
Open daily and Sundays.
$300 to $450— North of Park, near Fulton st.
and Park; opposite Spreckela Lake and
Speedway; superb view of Park, Lake
and Ocean.
$160 to $400 —Level Excelsior Hd. lots, near
Mission-street cars. $5 monthly.
$1200 to $3500 —Modern cottages in Sunset,
Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior Hd.
All bargains I Easy terms'.
SOL GETZ A SON Owner* and Dealer-
Room 64. fourth floor, Chronicle Bldg.
E. N. WILL BERG," Licensed Surveyor,
109 MONTGOMERY ST.
City LoU Accurately and Officially Surveyed.
CHARGES REASONABLE.
My Held book*, diagrams show, by actual
measurements, the exact points from which
your lot was surveyed, which is Imperatively
necessary, as tha City Surveyor and other sur
veyor* do not show that, and also because all
the original monuments were taken out when
the streets were formed in the early days of
the city, since which time the different City
Surveyors extending to the pre*ent time have
made innumerable error* in their street and
lot surveys, and to conceal such errors they
have moved the monument lines away from
their original correct positions without legal
authority from the people, causing blocks and
streets to measure incorrectly, creating excess
measurements In blncks of the most valuable
portion of the city, wnich they do not distribute
proportionately throughout tho block, but often
give the entire excess of sometime* 12 Inches
or more to one person, thereby interfering with
the deed distances of the people and the abso
lute security of boundary lines.
Consult me before moving your valuable
buildings on such unfair surveys. Work guar
anteed.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 26 PER WEEK
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mission-st. electrlo
cars; bound to double in value.
$400 each,on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes.; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 6704.
A FINE BARGAIN!
LESS THAN COST!
$6950 —NEAR SACRAMENTO ST. AND IST
AYE.; 3 very good flats, 6, 6, 7 rooms; well
arranged: rents. $725 yearly; *treet bitum
inized; you'll buy this; act quickly.
$1575—C0R. CLEMENT ST. AND 27TH
AYE.; lot 60x100; on grade: Al buy.
$5250 —TWO NEW FLATS; near Clement;
terms.
$4200 —MISSION, near CHINA AYE.; 160 x
53:6; 6 lots on main thoroughfare; street
bltumlnlzed; reduced from $6000; sacrifice.
H. E. POEHLMAN. 304 Montgomery st.
$10,500 —Including bitumlnizlng of st; term* to
suit; 8 swell sunny fVts Just completed;
rents $1080 per annum; every known possible
latest Improvement; 16 minutes from City
Hall; 7th-ave. boulevard, nr. Fulton St., close
to Park; 6 car lines, one runs all night. Ap
ply from 12 to 4, Seventh aye., near Fulton.
FOUR or five room modern cottages; wooden
mantels; latest plumbing: tiling, etc.; near
Folsom-st. electrlo cars; only $100 cash re
quired; balance to suit. THE DOLAN CO..
home builders. 1607 Market st.. opposite
Franklin.
NEW colonial houses. 2 flats, 5 rooms, reception
hall each: lot 34x116; rents $46 60: easy pay
ments; $5500. Third aye., bet. A and B sts.
$2500 —COTTAGE. 4 rooms, bath and barn; lot
100x100- $250 cash, balance $15 mo. MIS
SION REALTY CO., 3297 Mission st.
FINE sanitary plumbing; latest system. AHL
BACH A- MAYER. «S6 Howard St.
"POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
Bargains, bargains, bargains, bargain*.
$650 —Corner Richmond aye. and 2d; 65x110
$1000—Corner Bissell and First; 60x112.
$750—Corner Chancellor and First; 60x112.
$650— Maedonald aye. near Third st,
$250 —First St.. near Bissell.
$300 —First St., near Maedonald.
$050 —Two lots; big bargain; Chancellor st.,
near First; 62x112.
The above lots are In the
business center and are among the
best Investments In Point Richmond.
$10 per month will buy some
of them. J. W. LAYMANCE.
632 Market at., room 10, S. F.
SAN MATEOJ*EAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric car*; 45
minute* from Fifth and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipe* laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lot* $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt.
$10 to $60 down and $10 per month.
Go down and Investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO.,
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also at Lomita Park.
MENLO FARE REAL ESTATE.
A—MENLO PARK-FAIR OAKS.
Large villa sites and tracts of from one to
five acres, beautifully wooded and ready for
imildlng; convenient to station and In best part
of Fair Oaks and Menlo Park; road work free
of expense to buyers; exceptionally easy terms:
finest climate In vicinity of city; unexcelled,
educational facilities. For particulars write
SELBY, RODGERS A CO.,
Main 673. 116 California st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTS'M'TS
$2100 WILL buy or build a new modern cottage
of 6 rooms: lot 33x155; choice lots, $10 and
$15 per front foot: terms.
$2250 will build a complete cottage of 6
rooms, lot 35x108; Grand St.; all street work
and sidewalk; plans and specifications free
with all work done. J. H. YOUNG, Architect
and Builder. 1243 Park st, Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTS'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale—Restaurant, with complete fixture*
and furnishings; good paying buainess;
choice location, with lease; a snap.
We have good bargain* In house* and lota
in all parts of Berkeley. ALBEE A COR
YELL.. 2139 Center »t.. Berkeley; Real Es
tate and Insurance.
$187 60 BACH; lots In Berkeley; one block
from station; little cash required. RIANDA
A CO., 627 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTS'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
BFKINS VAN AND STORAGE CO.. general
movers; we have the best ware.iou»e in the
West (only covered vans used). DON'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER. 1016 Broadway.
Oakland; phone Main 907.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargain* in furni
ture. H. Schelhaaa, 11th st.. cor. store, Oakland,
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH aye., 23—Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: running water.
CALIFORNIA. 1272—Large sunny front room
with kitchen for 2 gentlemen or man and
wife.
CASTRO. 429, rear—B unfurnished upper sun
ny, pleasant housekeeping rooms; large
yard; $10.
FULTON, 442—Sunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping.
GEARY, 1225—3 rooms, completely furnished
for housekeeping; only $20; nicely situated
and separate from- main building. ,
JACKSON. 964—Furnished sunny large front
housekeeping rooms; $8 to $10.
JESSIE, 323—2 large rooms; coal and gas
range; $4 week; other room*, $2, $8 and
$3 75 each.
KEARNY, 104—Sunny unfurnished front *uite*
of 2 and 3 rooms; running water, bath; $11,
_$18. $20.
MCALLISTER, 907—2 nicely furnished *unny
bay-window rooms and bath; $18.
MISSION, 1148—Front suite of 4 room*, com
plete for housekeeping. $20; single front
room, $8.
OAK, 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping'; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
SECOND, 212—Furnished room* for house
keeping; central; clean; quiet; no children.
BHOTWELL. 628—2 sunny furnished rooms
for light housekeeping; bath: piano.
THIRD, 354%—Clean housekeeping rooms; also
single room; rent reasonable.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3174—2 rooms for house
keeping.
VALENCIA. 909—8 or 4 nioe sunny room*;
complete for housekeeping; bath; gas range;
very convenient; no children wanted.
WALLER, 71—Regular dining-room and kltch
' en, furn, complete, $20: smaller suite, $12
APARTMENT HOUSES.
JUST opened; The Loralne apartments, 730
O'Farrell, bet. Hyde and Larkln; 2 and 3
rooms: new and modern; prices reasonable.
APARTMENTS WALTTED.
WANTED—A completely furnished modern 4
room apartment. Address, with terms, box
4503. Call office.
WANTED—To rent apartment of 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished. Box 4702, Call office.
ROOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfurn.
A —BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.—Rooms
260 to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane—New
brick building; al! sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only flrst-claas house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market *t. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) —Rooms, 25c to 50c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
A NEW corner building; sunny rooms; fresh
and clean; every modern convenience. The
Sahleln, SW. cor. Polk and Buah sts.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH, 806—Alcove and single room* for gentle
men with reference*; private family.
EDDY, 867—Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
with or without board; rent reasonable.
ELLIS. 460—The Pierpont, Mrs. J. H. Babbit
mgr.": flne sunny rooms, single or en suite
GRAND '•Southern, 7th and Mission —Rooms 85j
to $1 26 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD, 715— Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
HOWARD. 829 —Rooms of all kind* and price*.
JESSIE, 367—Nice furnished front room* from
$1 per week up.
LEAVENWORTH, 513—Large sunny rooms,
suitable for two.
MARKET, 719—Furnished room*; newly reno
vated; double or single; day. week, month.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) —Sunny rooms;
$2 to $5 week; baths; elevator; also hskpg.
MCALLISTER, 114—Flat 6, 3d Jloor; 2 or 3
hskpg rooms; every convenience; reasonable.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.—4oo
single and family rooms 35c to $1 60 per day.
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele
vator day and night to Its guests.
NATOMA. 282 near Fourth —To let, 6 rooms;
upper floor; rent $12
NINTH, 157—A well-furnished sunny front
room and others; gas and bath.
O'FARRELL, 908—Single furnished room, $4
month; double. $10.
PINE, 827—Sunny Turnished rooms for gentle
men; private family; $8 and $10.
POWELL, 222—Front eunny room*, suitable
for of flee; also other rooms for housekeeping.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis —Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooms per night, 350 to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TAYLOR, 313 —Small sunny front room; $160
per week.
"THE LAUNSTON." 110 Eddy—Flrst-claa*
transient rooms; neat and quiet.
TWENTY-FIRST, 8338—Room*, furnished or
unfurnished, to let.
TURK, 42 —Sunny furnished rooms; single and
en suite; day, week, month.
TURK, 123—Clean, sunny furnished room*.
with board: suit* or single; $5 up.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy. nr. Market—4oo
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Furn. room*, suite
or single; suite $5 week up. 15 Turk.
WASHINGTON. 1026%, near Mason —Large
sunny room for two gentlemen.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 8d *t., nr. "Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to SI 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus. baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscription* ha*
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Baltimore. 1015 Van Nes* ave.—First
class hotel, on American plan; families es
pecially; elegant rooms, all modern and every
convenience; very sunny; flne views; table
unsurpassed. C. SHANNON, Proprietor.
HOTEL L'AIGLON, 601 Geary St.—Large,
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2,
$50 month; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; just renovated.
POLK 699, corner Eddy—Sunny single and
double room*; good home cooking; beautiful
groun I*.
CHURCH, 301—Well furnlahed front rooms,
with or without board; corner flat; private
family: reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye. 1081—Sunny fur. room;
bath; good board; $23: two $36 month.
CALIFORNIA, 807—Beat rooms, table and *er
vice in the city for the least money.
JONES, 434, flat B—Suite, with bath, and
single rooms; board; new house; no signs.
TABLE board can be had by the day at 909
Polk st.; reasonable.
FRANKLIN, fl 09—Bunny suite; also single
rooms, with excellent board.
HOTEL Comora, 621 O'Farrell—Dollar for dol
lar in rooms, table and service.
VALENCIA. 936—Large sunny bay-window
room, excellent board; auitable for couple.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
• A SINGLE gentleman would like board and
room with another gentleman. Address box
4502, Call office.
WANTED —Room and board for one, two or
three persons. Address box 4722. Call.
WANTED —Suite of rooms and board for mar
ried couple; give terms. Box 4701, Call office.
*?S ' '"
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
_~ * ...
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $26; other typewriter* at
higher and lower price*; rental* $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 630 California st.
SD-HAND typewriter* sold, rented, repaired.
, Webster Typewriting Inapec Co.. AOS Market.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
WE show th« best and finest collection of
sewing machine* In the worid; prices from
$4 to $100. WHITE SEWING MACHINE
CO.. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
■ price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $5. $8: slightly
used, $10, $15. $20; you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kind* bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1913 Mission St.
J
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Drumm St.;
phone Main 31: JOHN F. COOPER, pres ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore at.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co . 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
jmOIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby give* notice that It has ad
mitted Into the orphanage from July 1. 1904.
to December 31, 1904. the following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and girls,
viz: Marian Newman, aged 7 years and A
months; Nathan Llndeman, 12 years and 11
months, and Charles Llndeman, 11 years and
11 months.
TXATZ.
A WAT to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone Eest 282.
REDEMPTION BONDS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS —
Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of article eight of the mortgage
from this company to the Central Trust Com
pany of New York, trustee, dated August 1,
1»U», this company has set apart out of the
net income derived by it from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twen
ty-five dollars In trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there
with. Bids are hereby Invited for tbe sur
rendei of such bonds at prices to be named
by the bidders, to the amount of $26,670 SO,
la the sinking fund. Such bids should be
presented to this company at its office, 120
Broadway, in the city of New York, on or
before the 14th day of February, 1905, at 12
o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed "Bids
lor Surrender of Central Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York, January 16. lflpS.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
(OF CALIFORNIA)—FIRST CONSOL
IDATED MORTGAGE FIVE PER CENT
GOLD BONDS OF 1893—Notice is hereby
given that the board of directors of this
company has determined to use to redeem
First Consolidated Mortgage Five Per Cent
Gold Bonds of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company' (of California) $20,477 72 now .a
the slnkina fund for the redemption and pay
ment of bonds of that issue, and that bonds
of such issue will be redeemed therewith.
Bids are hereby Invited for the surrender of
such bonds at prices to be named by the
bidders. Such bids should be deposited with
Andrew K. Van Deventer. esalstant treas
urer of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, at his office, 120 Broadway. New York
City, at or before 12 o'clock noon, on the
14th day of February, 1906, and should be
Indorsed, "Bids for Surrender of Southern
Pac'flc Railroad Company (of California)
Five Per Cent Bonds."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
New York. January 16 1905.
I J
LEGAL NOTICES.
ESSEX County Orphans' Court. State of New
Jersey. —In the matter of estate of Jotoii
Winter. —Order to show cause.—ELIZABETH
WESTERMAN, sister, one of the next of
kin of JOHN WINTER, late of Newark,
New Jersey, having filed her application in
writing with the Surrogate of Essex County,
New Jersey, alleging therein that said JOHN
WINTER, being a resident of the State of
New Jersey, has absented himself from said
State for seven years successively. That
his next of kin and heirs at law are the
said ELIZABETH WESTERMAN, a sister.
LENA GEISHJSIMER, a sister, and SOPHIA
STORCK, a sister. And praying for an
order that cause be shown why letters of
administration of said JOHN WINTER'S
estate should not be granted to said ELIZ
ABETH WESTERMAN. and that letters of
administration of the goods and chattels,
credits and estate of said JOHN WINTER
be granted to said ELIZABETH WESTER
MAN. And It appearing that said LENA
GEISHEIMER and SOPHIA STORCK have
renounced all right and claim of ad
ministration of the goods and chattels and
credits of said JOHN WINTER and re
ouested that administration be granted to
said ELIZABETH W'ESTERMAN.
Now. therefore, It is on this twenty-third
day of December, Nineteen Hundred and
Four, ordered that cause be shown, by any
or all persons Interested herein, before the.
Surrogate of the County of Essex, at his
office in the Courthouse In the city of New
•ark New Jersey, on the twenty-third day
of February, Nineteen Hundred and Five,
at 10 o'clock In the forenoon, or as soon
thereafter as the matter can be heard, why
letters of administration of the goods and
chattels, credits and estate of said JOHN
WINTER should not be granted to the said
ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. And It is
further ordered that said order to show
cause shall be published, within twenty days
hereafter, in the Newark Evening News, a
newspaper printed and published at Newark,
in the State of New Jersey, and In the San
Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and pub
lished at San Francisco, in the State of
California, for four weeks successively, at
least once in each week.
G E. RUSSELL, Surrogate.
CHARLES T. GLEN. Proctor. 741 Broad
street. Newark. N. J.
NOTICE JTO STOCKHOLDERS.
NOTICE. —The annual meeting of the stock
holders of THE RIGHTWAY SHOE CO.
will be held at the Office of said corporation.
No. 812 814 Market St., in tbe City and
County of San Francisco, State of Califor
nia on the 30th day of January, 1906. at
8 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing
directors and for the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before
said meeting. The stock transfer books w'll
be closed at 1 o'clock p. m. January 80; 1008,
and remain closed until 10 o'clock a. m.
January 81. 1906.
H. E. TREMBLE. Secretary
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 810 Diamond.
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. 8 to 12
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licensee were Issued
yesterday:
Alexander Cogs*ad, 30, 864 Geary street, and
Marie C. Jonassen. 28, 884 Geary street.
F.duard Blschof, 26, 214 Halght street, and
Johanna Wetlenman. 24, Alameda.
Daniel J. O'Hearn. 30, city, and Pauline
Bchaffrey. 79, city.
Vincenzo Marcelllno, 27. 413% Green street,
and Elena Petricevich. 18, 418% Green street.
Adolph Schlmmel, 30, 128 Scott street, and
Susan M Morrln, 26, 1036 Filbert street.
Henry A. White, 21, College City, and Carol
L. Phelps, 18* Red Bluff.
Walter H. Castagnetto, 21. 1234 Dupont St..
and May Castagnetto, 18, Yosemite Valley.
Otto M. Becker. 41. 419 A Natoma street,
and Maria Ha user, 34, 814 Alvarado street.
Joseph Pincollni. 81. Verdi, Nev.. and Nellie
Pi;oeoll. 21. Steamboat. Nev.
Meredith Sawyer. 28. city, and Florence
Martin. 20, 8474 Clay street.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
BROCKHOFF—In this city, December 8, 1904.
to the wife of A. G. Brockhoff, a daughter.
MAHLMANN—In this city. January 21, 1906,
to the wife of George H. Mahlmann. a son.
ST. DEGER—In this city, January 21. 1903.
to the wife of H. H. St. Leger. a son.
MARRIED.
BATT—JELINSKY—In this city, January 15,
1906, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Samuel Batt
and Sadie Jelinsky. both of this city.
GOODMAN —BECKER —In this city. December
2«. 1904, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, William M.
Goodman of Del Monte and Rae C Becker
of this city.
MENDELSON —GREEN BERG —In this city,
December 17, 1904, by Rabbi Isidore Myers.
Louis Mendelson and Matilda Greenbers;.
both of this city.
Continued on Face Fourteen.
1314
DIED.
Andresen, Emilie—49 [McCauley. John— »4
Ruchholl Uma A. D. — iMeenan. Hannah—s3
V, months. jt'ort, Harriet—B6 j
L'alletider, Mary Rodrlgues. Sister Mary
bleary. Patrick ! S. N. —Tl
Darcher, Feliciana A. — ißotb, Arthur W.—2*
74 Shey. Elizabeth— <2 I
t>*', '.er Mabel C—24 jSweeney, Catherine—6B |
Denver, Minnie E.--23 iTracy. Julia T. [
feannah. Sarah—3o .Vekander, Flora A.—2o |
lohnson, Kathrina C— Watts, Stephen—6o j
(52 |Weber, Martin—ss
Kelly, Margaret A. iWell. Leopold A. <5
Lagan, Rev. Hugh iWyroan. Mary L.
Mahoney, John F. '
ANDRFSEN--In this city. January 24, 1905. |
Emi''e wife, or Christian Andresen, and
mother of Emilie, Bertha, Chryetal. Ruby, I
Lest<— and Cyrill Andresen, a native or j
Baden, Germany, aged 49 years 9 months j
gSTßemains at the parlors of Clark ft j
Booth. 612-614 Van Ness avenue. j
BUCTIHOLZ- In this city, January 23, 1905. ,
lima A. D.. beloved daughter of William,
and Clara Buchholz, sister of Claudlne Buch. .
holz. and granddaughter of Captain and Mrs. |
M. Maas and Wilholm Buchhois. a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 6 months and 7 days.
will be held to-day (Wed- !
nerdav). at 1:30 p. m.. at the residence of
her parents, 619 Powell street, between Bush
and Bine. Interment private.
CALLENDER -In Oakland, Cal., January 22,;
1908 Mary beloved "wife of John T. Cai
lender, mother of Mrs. Pinkie Taylor and |
Mrs Amelia Davie, sister of Mrs. Ellen
Pointer and the Rev. John Pointer, and niece
Of Richard Lenard, a native of Pennsylvania.
$t7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday January 27. at 2 o'clock p. m., at ,
the A. M. E. Church, Fifteenth street,
near Market. Oakland Interment Moun
tain View Cemetery.
CLEARY—In this city. January 22, 1905, at
his residence, 1303 Saifthcz street, Patrick,
beloved husband of the late Jane Cleary, and
beloved father of Timothy. Henry and Katie
Cleary and Mrs. F. Danton. a native o. ,
County Tipperary, Ireland. A member of 1
Division No. 1, A. O. H., B. of E.
(CT"Friends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, 1303 Sanchez street, corner
Twenty-sixth, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DARCHER—At Reed's Station, Marin County. •
Ca) , Feliciana Alcantar Darcher, beloved
aunt of Georse Alcantar and Mrs. Antone j
Bufelt. a native of Mission Dolores. San
Francisco aged 74 years.
CTlnterment Holy Cross Cemetery, by the
11 o'clock train.
DECKER—In this city, January 22. 1905, Ma
bel C, beloved wife cf Mervll E. Decker,
and devoted mother of Merviiyn Decker, a
native of California, aged 24 years 7 months
• and 11 days. (Jacksonville, Amador County,
papers please copy.) / !
t?" Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesdayl. at 2 o'clock p. m., from her
late residence, 376 Fell street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
DENVER—In this city, January 24, 1905, Mm. |
nie E., beloved wife of John L. Denver, a
native of Maine, aged 23 years 4 months and
12 days.
HANNAH—In this city. January 23, 1906,
Sarali, beloved wife of Colin Hannah, a na- 1
tive of New Brunswick, aged 36 years 6
months and 18 daae.
• ' (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
i "(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from Odd
fellows' Hall. Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of Loyal Rebekah Lodge
•No. 215.
JOHNSONV-In Oakland. Cal., January 23, 1905, \
Kathrina C. Johnson, beloved wife of tbe
late Captain James Johnson, and mother
of the late James Johnson Jr.. Frederick C, |
Otto J.. William and George W. Johnson, ;
and Mrs. Albert Grunitiger. Mrs. F. G. ,
Wight. Mrs. F. R. Woolsey. Mrs. W. W.
■ Glddings. Mrs. W. W. Reed and Catherine!
and Selma Johnson, a native of L>enmark,
aged 62 years and 10 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect
.fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
January 26, at 2 o'clock p. m., from the,
family residence, 140 Claremont avenue,
. Oakland. Interment private.
KELLY—In this city, Januery 24. 1903, Mar- :
garet A. Kelly, beloved daughter of James
' R. Kellv. and sister of Alfred R. and John
J. Kelly and Mrs. William S. Lyle, a na- ,
live of San Francisco.
CrFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her
lets residence. 501 Devisadero street, thence
to St. Ignatius Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of .
her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment
. ■ private. Santa Clara Cemetery, by special
car leaving Third and Townsend streets at
10:30 a. m.
LAGAN —A solemn requiem high mass
' (month's mind) for the repose of the soul of
the late Rev. Hugh Lagan w ill be celebrated
on Wednesday morning, January 25, at 10
o'clock in Sacred Heart Church, corner of
Fillmore and Fell streets.
MAHONEY —In Goldfleld. Nee., January 19.
1985, John B*. Mahoney, dearly beloved son
of the late Denis and Margaret Mahoney.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Wednesday), at 9:30 a. m., from the resi
dence of bis sister, Mrs. K. M. Nesfield,
1 ."47 Pacific avenue, thence to St. Brigid's
church, where a requiem mass will be ce.le- ;
Nrated for the repose of his soul, commenc- ,
ing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem
etery, by ele; trie funeral car from Eighteenth *
and Guerrero streets.
Me' AI "LEY —In this city, January 22, 1905,,
John McCauley, beloved husband of the late !
Susan McCauley, father of Mrs. G. Ander
son, Mrs. W. S. Taylor and John McCauley. I
and stepfather of Edw. Skelly, a native of 1
Ireland, azed 74 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances ar<» respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late
residence. 037 Third street, thence to St: |
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, ,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ME EN AN—ln this city, January 23, 1905,
Hannah, beloved wife of Hugh Meenan, a
native of Ireland, aged 53 years.
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day :
• Wednesday), nt 8:30) a. m., from the par
lors of McFadden, Mcßrearty ft Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re. j
quiem # high mass will be celebrated for the ,
repose of her soul, at 9a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PORT —In Alameda. Cal.. January 24. 1905,1
Harriet Port, mother of H. Port and Mrs. ;
M. Lewis, and grandmother of Ruth Lewis,
a native of England, aged 86 years.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), from the undertaking parlors
of C. H. Wever. 1602 Park street Inter- i
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. !
BODRIGUES—In this city. January 24, 1903,
Sister Mary Stanislaus Natividad Rodrlgues. '
a native of Santa Ouz, Cal., aged 71 years j
4 monthss>and 16 days.
(CFNotice of funeral hereafter.
ROTH-r-In this city, January 24, 1905, Arthur i
W.. Tieloved son of Max and Fannie Roth, j
and brother of Irma and Herbert Roth, a I
native of Petaluma, Cal., aged 22 years 8 I
months and 12 days.
SHAY—In this city, January 24, 1905, Eliza- j
beth. beloved wife of the late Dennis Shay, '
and devoted mother of John and James Shay, '
Mrs. Charles Eidredge, Mrs. W. D. Sulli- I
an. and the late Mrs. Robert Gamble and
Emma Shay, a native of County Cavan, Ire
land, aged 72 years and 1 month.
funeral will take place Friday,
January 27. at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence, 911 Treat avemie, between Twen
ty-second and Twenty-third streets, thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a requiem high |
mass vvil! be eelel.rated for the repose of i
her soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SWEENEY—In this city. January 24, 1905 I
Catherine, wife of the late Dennis Sweeney!
■ na,tlve of Scotland, aged 68 years.
tT7~SoV.ee of funeral hereafter.
TRACY —In this city. January 23, 1905, Julia i
, T.. dearly beloved daughter of Hannah and !
the late John F. Tracy, and loving sister of !
J/.hn F.. Joseph L., Edward i. and Mamie |
A. Tracy, a native of San Francisco. (New!
Orleans. La., and Albany, a. V., papers j
pieaee copy.)
GJTFriends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day I
• Wednesday), at 8 a. m., from the residence '
of her mother, 616 Fell street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com
mencing st 8:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
VEKANDER—In Berkeley. Oa!., January 24
. 1905, Flora A., beloved sister of Andrew '
Vekander-i a native ot Han Francisco, aged
26 yea re 3 months and 25 days.
W ATTS -In Oakland, Cal.. January 23 1906
at 912 Pine streer. Stephen Watts, beloved
husband of Annie Watts, and father of Mrs
3. d. S.ioberg. a native of Wllshire. Eng
land, aged 60 years 2 months and 14 days.
WEBER - In this city. January 24. 1005, at his
residence. 1821 Green street, between Oc
KfcNRY J. CALLAGHE* CO.
(Successors to Flanragan * Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FITNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
_o Fifth opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
-Funeral Director* and Embalmera .
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between F'.unti and Fifth, near Fifth at.
Finest Equipment* at MwUrat* Bate*.
r James Mctilnn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN * CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
—Funeral Director* and Embtlmers
-14 Eddy »t. Tel. Ea»t eg. j
tavia ar.'i Laguna, Martin Weber, dearly be
loved husband of Katie Weber, and loving
father of Julia, Henry, Katie and Francis
Weber, a native of Hesscn-Darmstadt, Ger
many, aged 55 years 10 months and 18 days.
WEIL—In this city. January 2\, 19u5. Leopold
A husband of the late Bertha Weil, and
father of Mrs. Leopold Well. Mrs. Sol Hond
heimer, and Adella and Alphonse B. Well,
a native of Baden. Germany, aged 75 years.
£y Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. in.,
at his iate residence. S7B Eddy street. In
terment Home of Peace Cemetery.
WYMAN—In this city. January 24, 1900,
Mary L. Wyman, a native of New "iork.
CFFriends are respectfully Invited to at
tend the funeral Thursday, January -8. at
11 o'clock a m. from tiie mortuary chapti
of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company.
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first, in
terment cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric
funeral car from corner Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 11 :30 a. m.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Fa«e Fifteen.
Bay CPC 55.108 — lOceanie S ss. 60 .0
Cal C G 6.103 — Om Cable 65.1J1% —
Cal G& Eg IPae G l«» ~ 38 !
m & ct 6b. 85% — IP E Ry 5s -106% -
Cal st C ss. 112 — |P Ac C H 85.108% —
C C Wat ss. - 100 IP A- o R.6S.US —
EdL A P 66.124% — f'owell-st 6s. — 114 V%
Fft C H Cs. — — iSuc EG&R55.101%102
Geary-st 65.. — 90 SF A 5JV55.120% —
H CAS 5%5.105 — ISierra X 65.. — —
Do 6* ....105% — IS P of A Os
Hon R T 65.106 - j (1909 JSi/ 1 H
L A Elec ss. — — ! (1910) .....106% —
LAG &Elss — — |S P of C6s
L A Ry 55..116*4117%! (1905)5r A.lOl 101%
LAL gtd ss. — 105% (1905)5r B. — 105%
DAP lem 5.101 - I (1906) ;^' 05 %
Mkt-st C 65.114% — I G912) 114% —
Do Icm 55.116%11«% ; 5PC 1 eg ss. — —
MV& MtTss. — W8 I Do stampd.loß% —
NRR of C 65.103% — |S P B R 05.135 —
Do 6s 120 — S V Wat 6s. 105% —
N P C R 55.104% — I Do 4s 2dm. 100% —
N C Ryss.. — — i DO 4s 3dm. 99%100
N C P C ss. — 102%! Do X mtg4s 97% 99
NS R R ss. 99%100% i Sikn G*E6s. 93 —
Oak TCo 68.119% — !U Gft Ess. — —
Do 5s 111% — fUR of SF 4s. 87% —
Do con ss. 104% — I •
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 33 36%! Fort Costa... — —' j
Marin C 0.... — 59%'S V "Wat Co. 3. 3.%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent Lft P. 3% 3 7 ,S V G & E. 51 61%
Mutual E L. — 10.. Stkn G & E. —
Pac L C 0... — 6S%iU G E Ce. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 340
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 135 IL P & A.... 152 —
Anglo-Cal .. 89% 92 IMer Trust.... — 240
Bank of Cal. — — iMerch Ex 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 — IS F National — —
Frst Nation!.3lß — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger Sft L.2330 — ISav & L So.. — 100
Hum SftL. — — ISec Say Bk.. — 410
Mutual Say. 100 — !Union T C 0.2700 3300
8 F Say U. 610 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — ! Presidio — 41
Geary — 50 i
POWDER.
Giant 64% — IVigorlt • 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 90% 92 Makawell C 37 87%
Honokaa S C 24% 24%;Onomea S C. 39% 40
Hutch S P C 17% — ,Paauhau S C 27% —
Kllauea S C. 5% 5%:
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 88% 89% lOceanie S Co. 4 4%
Cal F C A. 97% 99%|Pac Aux FA. 4 —
Cal Wine A. 82 84 I Pac C Bone. 157 —
MV& MtTm. — 100 IPac S Tel Co — 108
SALES.
Morning Seeelon.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 90 58
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 9'» 28
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 90 00
150 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 89 00
10 Honokaa S Co 24 50
50 Makawell 37 25
300 Paauhau S P 'o 27 50
30 S F Gas ft Electric, s 90 62 00
25 S F Gas ft Electric 52 00
69 S F Gas ft Electric ! 51 00
25 Spring Valley Water Co 37 50
$1.04)0 Hawaiian C ft Sugar ss, cash. 105 50
$3,000 S P of Arizona (1909).- 107 25
Street—
$9,000 Ixjs Angeles Ry 6 per cent..ll7 00
$1,000 Oakland Transit 6 per cent..ll2 25
$4,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 106 50
$6,000 S P of Cal 6s (1906) 106 12% I
$0,010 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 75 j
Afternoon Session.
Board—
35 Alaska Packers' Association... 90 25
105 Alaska Packers' Association... 90 uO !
70 Giant Powder Con 65 00
30 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 90 00
120 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 90 50
o."> Hutchinson S P Co 17 75
25 Oceanic S S Co 4 CO
100 onomea Sugar Co 39 25
50 Onomea Sugar Co 39 50
25 Onomea Sugar Co 39 62%
50 Onomea Sugar Co, b 3 39 76
25 Onomea Sugar Co 39 75
50 Paauhau S P Co 27 50
75 S F Gas ft Electric, s 30 51 00
50 S F Gas ft Electric 31 00
$3,000 Market-st Ry Ist con 5s 116 50
$1,000 Sacramento El Gas ft Ry 55..101 25
$8,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 75
Street—
60 California Wine Association... 82 50
$1,000 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 5a 105 50
$2,000 North Shore 5 per cent 100 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 100 — ISF ft NP 55.112> —
B L Wat 6s. — 114%|S P Co 4%5.100% —
Cal NW 55.. — 114 Sun Tel 65...110 —
M C Wat ss. — 114 Do 5s 106% —
SF Drdk ss. 112 — Isuttr-st R55.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 20 iMlls Nat 8k.300 —
Amsr Bis Co — 90 |Nev Nat 8k.208 215 I
Cal Cot Mils 80 — NS R R Co. — 12%
Cal O&ECor. 49% 50 N Cal P Co. 9 9%
Cal Powder.. 130 145 !oak Bk Say. 125 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 |Oak T Con.. 76 —
Cal T I ft T — 155 |IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak 66 — lOrpheum Co.. — 16%
Chutes Co .. 5 6 jPacC Cas C 0.125 —
City &CBk — 120 IPac Sur Co. .105 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 0 Paraf Paint.. 44 —
DptPwd pfd. 80 — |S F Drydock — 65
Do com .. 47% — ISF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — |S J Wat Co. 103% —
Fischer Thtr — I%JSO ft MTgbt.l2s —
Frnch-A 8k.105 110 Swiss-A Bk .120 —
Hono P Co.. 37% — Truck Elect.. 11% 13
Do pool .. 37% 38 [Union 8 Co.. — 30
Lonft SF Bk. 67% — |UR InC pfd. 67 68%
Mat Nay Co. 70 — i Do com ... IT —
SALES.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Honolulu Plantation Co 37 23
150 Honolulu Plantation Co (pool). 37 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil stocks — Bid. Asked
Associate* Oil Co Cert 31 32
Caribou '. 7 25 7 37%
Central Pt. Con 70
Claremont • SO
Coalinga and Pacific 85 1 25
Forty 48
Home 43 45
Imperial 16 00
Independence 29 ....
Kern 6 25
X m River 10 00
Monarch of Arizona 20 23
Monte X'rlsto 82% 85
Nevada County 40
Occidental of W Va 07
Oil city Petroleum 69 70 .
Peerless 12 50
Sovereign „ 30 ....
Str dug * 2 00 ....
Wnbash 31 ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
2100 Associated Oil 81
2500 Oil City 69
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Caribou 7 37%
50 Sovereign 80
Street —
920!) Associated Oil 31
400 Kern (old) 7 60
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stocl: and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session—Comstocks.
200 Andes 21 i 200 Hale ft Norc.l 40
600 Belcher 28; 200 Mexican 2 25
400 Caledonia 481 500 Op Iter T 00
408 Challenge ... .111 200 Potosl 15
100 Challenge ... 32! 100 Scorpion 19
100 (Thollar 301 500 Sierra Nev 46
300 Con Cal ft V.l 75; 900 Utah 20
100 Confidence ... 98! 600 Union Con 69
300 Gould ft Cur. 23!
Afternoon Session —Comstocks.
' 200 Belcher 24! 100 Hale & Norc.l 40
300 Bullion 25 200 Mexican 2 25
500 Caledonia .... 48! 200 Ophir 6 87%
100 Challenge ... 29! 200 Savage 40
600 Challenge ... 28i 400 Scorpion 19
300 Chollar 291 lpn Scorpion 20
40-) Chollar 281 400 Sierra Nev 47
100 Con Cal ft V.l 75! 300 Sliver Hill 66
500 Gould ft Cur. 28! 300 Union Con 68
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Aak.j Bid. Ask.
Alpha 16 18iJulia 04 tm
A!ta 04 o«!justlcs 17 18
Andes 31 :'.2iKentuck 01 02
Beieher ...*... 22 23jr,a<1y Wash ..02 04
Best ft Belch.l 05 3 15 Mexican 2152 20
Bullion 24 SMOcctdental ... 86 90
Caledonia .... 46 48'Ophlr 675 6 87%
Challenge ... 2» 28iOverman 26 27
Chollar S8 29 Potosl 14 15
Confidence ... 05 1 00! Savage 38 39
Con Cal ft V.l 70 1 75' Scorpion 18 20
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 25, 1905.
Con Imperial. 01 02'Seg Belcher... 07 03\
(on N V ■... •04 05' Sierra Nev 46 47
Crown Point.. 19 201 Silver Hill 66 67
E Sierra Nev 06 —IBt. Louis 10 —
Eureka Con.. — 50| Syndicate 15 » —
Exchequer ... 50 641I T mon Con 68 69
Gould ft Cur. 22 " 231 Utah 19 21
HaM & Norc.l 40 1 45! Yellow Jacket. 25 27
TONOFAH AND GOLD FIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
1000 Dixie Mm ... 25; 18U- Mont Ton .. .2 20
500 Cent. Eureka. 1 85!2300 North Star... 25
500 Gold Anchor. 331x090 North Star .. 26
SCO Gold Anchor. 31 500 Orig Bullfrog. 28
4(iot» Gold Anchor. 30 500 Red Lion .... 10
500 Goldfleld B Bl 081 500 Rescue 06
500 Goldfleld Ton. L0;2100 Sandstorm ... 70
Km Jumbo Ex .. 24! 1000 Silver Pick .. 18
2WX) Jumbo Ex .. 26.1000 Sylvan la 27
1200 MacNamara ■ 3114000 Ton Gold Mt.. 13
700 MacNamara . 30! 10G0 Ton Midway.. 58
500 Mont Bullfrog 1212700 Ton Midway.. 50
1200 Mont Bullfrog 13!T""» Verde 07
1000 Mont Ton. .2 07%! 1000 Vernal 14
Afternoon Session. .
1000 Blue Bull M. 20,300.0 Pennsylvania.. 10
100 Bullfrog Mm. 78; 1000 Red Top 18
4000 Bullfrog Mm. T5!8800 Red Top 19
400 Bullfrog Mm. 7t' 30 Sandstorm ... 65
500 Bunker Hi 11..1 251 !00 Sandstorm ... 70
1500 Brunswick ... 08J 10 Sandstorm ... 75
500 Cent. Eureka.l 88] 200 Sandstorm ... 89
2100 Goldfleld Mm. 731 500 Sandstorm ... 62
lfino Goldfleld Dmd 1211500 Timber Hill .. 20
1 COO Kendall 36! 400 Ton Fix ten ...4 73
1000 Little Ton .. 30 1500 Ton Gold Mt.. 14
1 of' MacNamara . SO! 1501* Ton Midway.. 51
ICO MacNamara . 31! 1000 Ton Midway.. 52
70 Mont Ton. .2 07U.11000 Ton Midway.. 53
20,00 North Star .. 281 500 Vernal 14
200 North Star . . 26!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask.! Bid.Ask.
Gold Anchor. 30 32! Rescue 05 06
.Tim Butler .. 40 451T0n Belmont.. 71 73
Little Ton .. 25 35! Ton ft Cal — 10
MacNamara . 30 3l!Tor. Cash M.. — 12
Mizpah Ex .. 05 — iTon Exten ..475 500
Mont Ton. .2 05 2 07%; Ton Midway.. 63 54
N V Ton Con 11 13ITon N Star... 25 26
Ohio Ton 29 83! Ton Nev.. 11 62% 12 50
Paymaster .. 03 01) West End ... 20 25
Quincy M Co. 10 — |
Goldfleld District.
Adams 12 Mhk. 14 16
Black Butte.. 21 2J|Olrtfld Red L. 05 0«
Blk Butte Ex 10 —|Goldfleld SPk — 18
Blue Bull M. 20 22] Goldfleld Ton. 00 10
Booth M Co. 10 —iGldfleld Verde. 06 07
Columbia Mt. 27 —IJumbo M Co. — 69
Diamondfleld. 29 82l.lumbo Ex ... 23 20
Dixie Mm ... 23 25! Kendall 36 40
Goldfleld 88l 07 OSfMay Queen .. 33 35
Gldfield RAM — 12 Pennsylvania.. — 01
Gldfld Colum. 06 08'Ped Top 18 19
Goldfleld Dmd 11 12' Sandstorm ... 62 64
IJihernia 20 21! Vernal Mm ..18 18
Goldfleld Mm. 73 741
Other Districts.
Bullfrog Mm. 75 —IRay & O'Brien 05 07
Colehan — 101 Southwestern. 60 —
Esferanza ... 01 021 Ton Gold Mt.. 14 18
Lucky Tom... 03 OoiSvlvania 26 27
Mont Bullfrog 10 12! United Ton .. — 09
Orig Bullfrog. 28 30|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session.
6000 Adams 13! 600 Mont Ton ..2 07%
3000 Austin G M. 32|1500 Pa Goldfleld.. 09
6000 Esperanxa ... Oil 100 Ton Belmont.. 73
1600 Gldfld Red L 06! 100 Ton Exten ...4 30
1500 Goldfleld S Pk 181000 Ton Midway.. 50
1500 MacNamara . 3311 COO Ton Midway.. 62
6500 MacNamara . SlllOCOTon Midway.. 51
1000 MacNamara . 30! 20 Ton of Nev..l2 00
500 MacNamara . 32! 500 Ton N Star... t&
11 a- m. Session.
2000 Austin G M.. 82T600 Orig Bullfrog. 2*
100 Cent. Eureka.l 90 : r-00 Paymaster ... 08
1000 Goldfleld B Bl 06T2500 Ton Gold Mt.. 14
1000 Gldfld Red L 061 500 Ton Midway.. 50
1000 Goldfleld SPk IS! 500 Ton N Star... 24
400 Mont Ton. .2 07% !
2 p. m. Session.
1000 Adams 1115000 MacNamara .. 30
100 Blue Bull M. 22! 450 Mont T0n...2 07%
100 Cent. Eureka.l 90(270(4 Orig Bullfrcer. 29
500 Cent. Eureka.l 85' 100 Orig Bullfrog. 30
100 Cent. Eureka.l 80! 500 Paymaster ... 03
600 C. Eureka.. 1 921.1000 Red Top IS
1000 Goldfleld B Rl Ofi'lOoO Red Top 19
300 Goldfleld Mm. 722200 Ton Midway.. 50
1000 Gldfld Red L. 06*1000 Ton Midway.. 51
1000 Goldfleld SPk 18' 200 Ton Midway.. 49
3000 MacNamara . 81!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.| Bid.Ask.
Adams 12 —I Little Ton ..25 —
Austin G M.. — 82|Lucky Tom .. — 17
Black Butte.. — 23!MacNamara .. 30 31
Blue Bull M. 22 - !Mont Ton.. .2 05 2 07%
Columbia Mt. 28 -johlr. Ton 32 —
Dlamondfield. — 30!Orig Rullfrog. 28 .30
Esperanza ... — 02 ! Pavmaster ... 02 03
Free Gold M. — 15iRav A- O'Brien 06 08
Gold Anchor. 32 — iRVd Top 18 19
Goldfleld 88l — ofi| Rescue 05 06
Goldfleld Mm. 72 - !Rothw»!l G M 10 —
Gldfld Red L. — 06!?and«torm ... 65 72
Goldfleld SPk — lS|Ton B«lmont.. 71 73
Gold Mt Con. 02! Ton Exten ...4 26 -t~
Hazel Kirk .. — 12' Ton Gold Mt.. 13 14
Jumbo M Co. 61 —iTon Mldwav.. 61 52
Jumbo Ex .. 21 23' Ton of Nev..ll 50 —
Kendall 35 1 00, Ton N Star... 23 26
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 24.
Robert McElroy to James R. McElroy, lot on
E line of Pierce street, 75 N of Waller, N 50
by E 106:3; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Eliza
S. Tallant, lot on S line of Green street, 103:1%
Eof Devisadero, E 34:4% by S 137:6; $ .
George and Emmellne L. Bates to Susie E.
and William C. Anderson, lot on S line of Fil
bert street, 202:9 W of Broderlck, W 27:5,*
by S 107:6: $10.
Hugh Keenan Construction Company to
Frank J. Butler, lot on N line of Halght street.
118:0 E cf Masonic avenue, E 25 by N 137:6;
$10.
Same to George I. Butler, lot on N line of
Haight street, 143:9 E of Masonic avenue, E
25 by N 137:6; $10.
George B. Rlchart to John C. and Barbetta
Schmidt, lot on W line of Angelica street, 145
S of Nineteenth (103 E of Guerrero), S 25 by
W 73; $10.
George A. and Sarah E. Merrill and Mary M.
and George B. Miller to Rose Stern, lot on W
line of Noe street, 150 S of Eighteenth, S 25:5,
W 12, W 113 and fractional part of inch to
point 175 S of Eighteenth, N 25 by E 125; $10.
Louis Zeh to Agnes V. feoyson, lot oh E line
of York street, 156 N of Twenty-fourth. N 26
by E 100; $10.
Charles P. Boyson to same, same; gift.
Estate of David R. Jones (by Charles C. Be
mis, executor) to Charles G. Stuhr, lot on NW
comer of Twenty-fifth and Dolores streets. N
26:6, W 114, N 87:6, W 204:6. S 114, E 318:6;
$ .
Mary E. Hamilton to Victor Rosenberg, lot
on XE corner of Twentieth and Colllngwood
streets, N 110 by E 50; $6000.
Anna A. Pitman to James G. B. Reid, lot on
W line of Diamond street, 160 N of Twenty
third. N 50 by W 116:9; $10.
George Monnier Jr. to William A. Kelly,
undivided half of following: Lot on NE corner
Of Geary and Larkln streets, N 80 E 60, N
57:6, E 27.C, S 137:6, W 87:6; also lot on S
corner of Howard and Sumner streets, SW 2S, ;
SE 75, SW 30, SE 25. NE 68, NW 100; also
lot on NW line of Howard street, 300 NE of |
Eighth, NW 90 by NE 60; also lot on SW cor- 1
ncr of Twenty-second and Fair Oaks streets, i
W 117:6 by S 31. and interest In estate of
George Monnier, No. 31.107; $10.
Winlock W. and Pendleton Miller to P. A.
McDonald, re-record 2014 D 281, lot on SE line
of Folsom street. 250 SW of Fourth, SW 62:6,
SE 90, SW 7, SE 75, NE 69:6, NW 166; $10.
George R. Sheldon to Union Works, lot on
SE corner of niinois and Eighteenth streets.
E 200 by S 400; also lot on SE corner of Illi
nois and Nineteenth street's. E 200 by S 400; ,
also lot on SE corner of Michigan and Nine
teenth streets, E 200 by. S 400: also lot on SE
corner of Eighteenth arid Michigan streets, E
2<>o by S 400: also lot on SE corner Georgia and |
Eighteenth streets, E 200 by S 400; also lot
on SE corner of Nineteenth and Georgia
streets. E 200 by S 400; also lot on SE corner
of Louisiana and Nineteenth streets, E 200 by i
S 400: also lot on SE corner of Louisiana and
Eighteenth streets, E 2CO by S MM); also lot
on SE corner of Eighteenth and Maryland
streets. E 200 by S 400; also lot on SE corner
of Twentieth and Michigan streets. E 200 by
8 400; aleo lot on SE comer of Georgia and
Twentieth streets. E 200. S 131:8, W 95:3%,
S 6% degrees, W 240:0%, S 27:7, W 52, N
400; also lot on W line of Georgia street. 220
N of Twenty-second, W 100, N 5:6%, W 100,
N 173:6*8, E 200, S 180; also machinery plant
and all property of first parties; $100.
Caroline V. Black to Francis M. Black, lot
on NE corner of Eighteenth and Point Lobot
avenues, E 120:8 by N 100; gift.
Francis M. Black to Lillian E. Black (wife),
same; gift.
Henry G. and Estclle Meyer to Charles J.
Bosworth. lot on E line of Fifteenth avenue, i
100 N of Fulton street, N 50 by E 127:6; $10. '
Lincoln E. Bemise to Margaret R. Bemiss, :
lot on N line of I street, 95 E of Third avenue,
E !>5 by N 110; gift.
Sarah MeCombe to T. C. McCombe and Mary
Button, lot on W line of Florence street, 350
N of Sherman, N 50 by W 100, lots 83 and
34, block 45, City Land Association; also lot
6?. block 196. Outside Lands; gift.
T. C. McCombe and Mamie D. Sutton to J.
Frank Jewell, same (description ambigious);
$10. ' !
J. Frank Jewell to Thomas C. McCombe, lot I
33. block 46, City Land Association; $10.
Julius C. Rels to Otto Thews, lots 16 and IT,
.block 45, Rels tract: grant.
Luigi and Mar>* Baclgalupi to William C I
and Louisa W. Schraft. lot on NW line of j
Tiffany avenue, 223 NE of Twenty-ninth street, I
NE 27:4 by NW 80. portion of lots 35 and 36.
Garden Land Homestead; $10.
Caroline, John C. and Oscar E. MeussdorfTer '
(executors of the estate of John C. Meuss- |
dorffer) (by M. J. Vandall. commissioner) to [
George Tourny, lots 175 and 176, West End
Homestead Association; $125,000.
George and Marie E. Tourny to Caroline j
Meussdorffer, same and property out of cownty; !
$10.
Dettef and Catherine E, Schnaek to Ed
ward F. Haas, lots 40 and 41, block I, Park j
Lane tract No. 7; $10.
Elizabeth Nelson to John Leale, lots 79 and
80. Prtcita Valley Lands; $10.
Thomas W., Katherlne A., Christopher C.
RESUMES DUTY
OF HIS POST
General Francis Moore Takes
Up Command of the De
partment of California
SHERIDAN SAILS TO-DAY
Transport "Will Leave for
Manila Crowded With
Passengers and Freight
General Francis Moore resumed the
duties of his post as commander of the
Department of California yesterday.
He was pleased with his visit to the
Hawaiian Islands. He was not favor
ably impressed with the location of
Camp McKinley, and thinks some of
the other Government reservations
there would better serve for a perma
nent camp. The only troops there now
are the Twenty-eighth Company Coast
Artillery in command of Lieutenant W.
W. K. Hamilton, and the Ninety-second
Company Coast Artillery in command
of Captain Henry B. Farrar. The post
is in command of Lieutenant Colonel
John McClellan. As these are the
only three officers at that post, they
are forced to do double duty, and only
occasionally get an opportunity to go
into Honolulu. For this reason they
are not well pleased with the station.
This trip to Honolulu ends the in
spections of the posts belonging to this
department, with the exception of posts
at Benicia, Monterey and San Diego.
These will be inspected by General
Moore in the near future. General
Moore will retire from the army on
April 5 and will make his home in Cali
fornia. His aid, Lieutenant Creed F.
Cox, will then resume his duties with
the Eleventh Cavalry, now stationed at
Dcs Moines.
Mrs. Francis Moore and her daugh
ter, Miss Jessie Moore, are still in
Honolulu, and will return here on the
transport Logan about February 15.
The transport Sheridan will sail for
Manila at noon to-day. She goes as
an extra, occasioned by the great
amount of freight and a large number
of casuals that were awaiting trans
portation.
Following is the list of passengers:
Colonel Thomas C. Lebo. Fourteenth Caval
ry-; Major William R. Rochester Jr.. pay
master V. S. A.; Major Frank Greene, wife
and daughter; Lieutenant Gordon N. Kimball,
Twelfth Cavalry; Mrs. H. E. Wilson. H. E.
Wilson. H. E. Colleen and wife. Miss Grace O.
Hoskins, Mrs. Georgia Leonard. Martin Rose,
wife and two children; Miss Bessie C. Beck,
Mrs. William P. Banta, Mrs. H. J. Castles,
i-ogan Tucker. Miss Bertha Purcell Miss Mary
Humphreys, W. C. Bunnell. Mrs. J. H. Baker,
Mrs. G. R. Phillips. Mrs. William Wetherell,
Mrs. V. G. Willis. Mrs. •Emilie Holstein.. Mrs.
J R. Woods and three children, Mrs. S. R.
Beard and child. Miss Alice Finley, Mrs. R. B.
Praia and daughter. Mrs. Eugene Garnott.
Miss Mattle Huff. Mrs. S. E. Greene. Mrs.
R. L. Barron, Mrs. R. Campbell, Mrs. Albert
L, Miiler. Charles J. Simpson and wife, George
M Swindell and wife. William C, Gash. Cap
tain Jcaquin Monet. Manila>po!i<'e force; Mrs.
Clinton D Whipple. John V. Daddey, Mrs.
Colonel Clem, George E. Smithers, Mrs. V.
Van Pelt and two children, Mrs. Katherlne
L. Dodge and daughter. Omar Dwight Con
ger.
For Honolulu —Lieutenant Trotter, H. E.
Colleen and wife, Mrs. Christian Morgan, Mrs.
E. E. Mead and infant, Mrs. O. C. Hamlet
and daughter, Mrs. Henry Hlghton, Edward
M. Shaw, C. H. Durfee, wife and Infant;
Mrs Mark Weil and three children. Dr.
• 'harles Slough and wile, John O'Connor, D.
P. Lawrence, wife and son; Mrs. Thomat
Dunn.
From Honolulu to Manila—Major William
B. Davis.
The Sheridan also takes 2500 tons of
hay, SOO tons of engineer stores, and.a
big quantity of supplies for the com
missary department.
Captain and Mrs. John J. Bradley
departed for Vancouver Barracks on
Monday night. Mrs. Bradley has en
tirely recovered from her illness oc
casioned by her sojourn in the Philip
pines.
Surgeon John D. Yost, U. S. A,, will
not sail on the transport Sheridan to
day for his new post in Honolulu, but
will go on the Sherman, sailing from
here February 1.
COOPER APPLIES FOR LETTERS
UPON MORSE'S SMALL ESTATE
Present Husband of President Mc-
Kinley's Niece to Settle Affairs
of Wife's First Spouse.
Harry R. Cooper, second husband of
Ida McKinley, favorite niece of Presi
dent McKinley, yesterday applied to
the Probate Court for letters of ad
ministration upon the estate of George
E. Morse, Mrs. Cooper's first husband,
who died on November 8 last. Cooper
and Morse were blose friends. The
estate is valued at $3000 and no will
has been found. The heirs at law are
Mrs. Cooper and hen young daughter,
Marjorie Morse.
Fear Causes Her Suicide.
Mrs. Minnie E. Denver of 38A
Eighth street committed suicide last
night in her room by taking carbolic
acid. Filled with the fear that some
one was trying to hypnotize her, the
apparently demented woman drank
the contents of an ounce bottle of
carbolic acid. .She was discovered by
her husband when he came home to
supper. The police were notified and
the dying woman was rushed to the
hospital. She perished on the operat
ing table before aid could be given
her. Mrs. Denver was 23 years of
age. It is said that she had attempted
suicide before.
CONVICTED OF MANSLAUGHTER. —Mrs.
i Frances Delphine Vollmer, alias Forsyth, was
cohvicted by a jury la Judge Dawlor"s court
! yesterday on a charge of manslaughter and
I will be sentenced on January 28. On October
ilB while under the influence of liquor, she
j went to a shooting gallery at 815 Kearny
' street and. picking up a rifle, said she wanted
:to have a shot. Am Noda. the Japanese In
i charge, loaded the rifle and the woman turned
! the muzzle toward him and fired, killing the
Japanese. The defense was that the shooting
j was accidental.
and Lily A. Rivera to Oliver M. Forrest, lot
15, block A. Glen Park Terrace; $10.
T. B. Potter Realty Company to T. J.
Brazzale, lot —, Reis tract; grant.
COOK BOOKS FOR CULL READERS
Cut out this coupon and mail to CALL office with your
remittance of 50 cents to pay cost of book, and if you are an
out-of-town subscriber send 25 cents additional to prepay ex
pressage.
NAME
ADDRESS
*THE CALL'S TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK
BOOK is the'best cook book on the market. Only CALL
readers are entitled to this premium rate.
BOY FOOTPADS
RAID GROCERY
Three Men in Pear of Store
on Geary Street, Near Ma
son, Are Quickly Robbed
THIEVES MAKE ESCAPE
Proprietor Follows Them for
Two Blocks, but Loses the
Trail on Arrival of Police
Two young footpads entered the
side door leading to the bar in the
rear of a grocery at Martha place and
Geary street, between Mason and Tay
lor, at 11:15 o'clock last night and
held up the proprietor and two other
men in the room, taking $30 from the
cash drawer and about $40 from the
victims.
The proprietor of the store is John
Stelling, and according to his state
ment the footpads were boyish loking
and apparently novices at the work.'
Stelling and Robert Thurman were
seated at a small table in the rear
room, playing cribbage, while R. Car
son stood watching the game.
Suddenly the side door on Martha
place was thrown violently open and
two masked figures stumbled in. Both
were of slight build and wore hand
kerchief masks and soft hats. One
carried a pair of revolvers and com
manded the party to throw up their
hands.
The occupants of the room needed
no second invitation and three pairs
of hands went up under the persua
sion of the revolvers in the hands of
one men. The other went to
the cash drawer and through the
pockets of the three men. In his haste
he overlooked a wallet in Stelling's
pocket containing $200.
Keeping the men covered, the foot
pads backed out of the door and ran
up Geary street to William, down Wil
liam to O'Farrell. where they entered
a building. Stelling followed them,
yelling lustily for the police, and in
response to his calls Policeman M.
Behan appeared. The trail had been
lost, however, and Detective Wren is
working on ttie case.
SAYS EVIDENCE
SHOCKS NERVES
On Friday there may be a sensation
in Judge Graham's court in the
Vincent case, if the promises of Mrs.
Vincent's attorney. Ferman, are made
good. Mrs. Vincent is suing her hus
band, "William, for separate mainten
ance and the hearing was to have gone
dh yesterday noon, but Vincent was
not in court. His attorney. George Av
erill,. explained that the husband and
father had been so overcome by the
testimony of his wife and daughters,
and by the hints of their attorney, that
he had succumbed to nervous collapse.
Judge Graham was not satisfied, and
ordered an attachment to be issued for
Vincent's person. The man appeared at
2 o'clock, armed with a physician's
certificate as excuse for his absence.
It was apparent that Mr. Ferman
could have taken judgment for his
client on the proof adduced of the de
sertion of the husband, as charged in
the complaint, but the lawyer was n*>t
content to rest. He told the court
that he wanted an opportunity to pro
duce all of the evidence in this "hor
rible, extraordinary case," and then he
begged the court to ask the newspaper
men not to use the names he would di
vulge, "because a human life depends
upon it." He explained that the moth
er of the girl who will be accused of be
ing too friendly with Vincent would be
shocked to death upon hearing the dis
closures. Ferman demanded a further
opportunity for cross-examining Vin
cent and asked the court to issue sub
penaes for certain witness if they de
cline to appear. Among other things,
he intends to prove that Vincent made
arrangements to marry his inamorata
before he asked his wife to permit him
to get a divorce.
Judge Seawell, who has had the case
under submission, yesterday granted
an interlocutory decree of divorce to
Martha E. Braham from Louis Bra
ham, a vaudeville artist. They were
married on September 1. Other di
vorces were granted thus: By Judge
Hebbard to William H. Whelan from
Mina Whelan, who hurled beer bottles
at him; t) Catherine Hart from Mich
ael Hart, desertion; by Judge Troutt
to Warren A. Lester from i'lorence E.
Lester, desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by Nora
Ren worth from George Renworth, de
sertion; Zada C. Lee from William J.
Lee, neglect.
Mangled by Machinery.
C. M. Carsoul. an employe of the
Union Iron Works, was caught in the
machinery of a traveling crane yester
day and received injuries that may re
sult in his death. Both of the man's
legs were terribly mangled and his en
tire body was covered with ugly, lace
rated wounds. He was taken to the
Pctrero Hospital, where Dr. Buell
found it necessary to amputate the
mangled limbs. Carsoul's home is at
215 Arkansas street.
Tells of Indian Life.
E. S. Curtis gave an interesting lec
ture at the Press Club last night upon
the subject of American Indians. The
lecture was illustrated by a number
of slereopticon views. For the last
sir years Mr. Curtis has made a study
of Indian life and his stories and
anecdotes gave pleasure to the audi
ence of nearly 200, a large percentage
of which was the fair sex.
SCOTS HONOR
BOBBIE BURNS
3lembers of Clans Assemble
at Native Sons' Hall to
Celebrate His Birthday
OLD MUSIC IS REVIVED
Place Rings With Sweetest.
Song's of the Man Who
Wrote Verse That Lives
With a, brave display of tartans the
Sects of this city assembled at Native
Sens' Hall last night to commemorate
the memory of Robert Burns, Scot
land's poet. The gathering was un
der the auspices of the Clan Fraser,
but all the other clans were well rep
resented.
The entertainment was essentially
Scottish, There were songs in the
"bonnie braw dialect" and pibrochs of
"Scotia's Isle." Many of the songs
that made Bobbie Burns famous all
over the world were sung, and sung
well. "Scots, Wa Hae Wi' Wallace
Bled," sung by Robert Lloyd, roused
the enthusiasm of the clansmen to a
high pitch, and "Afton Water," sung
by the Harmony Quartet of female
voices, touched chords. Dancing
wound up the evening's enjoyment.
Following is the programme in full:
Overture, "A Nicht Wi' Burns." Fairgrleve's
orchestra; Introductory address. Chief T. A.
Munro; pibroch selections, I. S. R. Tevendale
and Robert McD. Murray; chorus, "Scotland
Yet," by the clansmen; "There Was a Lad
Was Born in Kyle," Robert Lloyd; "Afton
Water," Harmony quartet accompanist Miss
Edith Adams; "My Love Is Like a Red. Red
Rose," Mrs. A. T. Fletcher; oration, subject,
"Robert Burns," Professor James Main Dixon;
tableaux and choral representation of "Caller
Herrin." by members of Lady Lodge;
humorous Scotch selections, Kenneth McLean;
"John Anderson," Mrs. John Madden; duet,
"O. AVert Thou in the Cauld Blast." Miss M.
Gordon and Mrs. A. T. Fletcher; characteristic
tableaux from Burns' works, descriptive re
marks by Alexander Smith; "Robin Adair,"
Harmony quartet.
The following committees were in
charge:
Amusement—T. A. Munro. A. R. Calder.
Alexander X.ing, R. McD. Murray, James
Smlllle. Hugh Fraser. J. W. King. M. L.
Crowe. Thomas Wilson, William Cormack.
. Dancing—A. E. McKay, floor manager; as
sistants—James E. Davidson. John T. Smith,
Robert Russell, Thomas W. Forsythe. David
Munro.
Reception—William Rae (chairman), David
Mowatt. James Sinclair. William G. Lind,
Alexander Brown, Robert Stevenson James
Stewart.
PIONEERS COMMEMORATE
THE DISCOVERY OF GOLD
Men Who Helped to Build California
Extend Open House to
Many Guests.
The Society of California Pioneers
gave a reception at Pioneer Hall last
night in commemoration of the dis
covery of gold in California. Over 900
persons accepted the hospitality of the
Pioneers and until midnight two floors
of the building were filled with guests
and members. An orchestra on each
floor furnished dance music.
A dainty supper was served at 10
o'clock and around the tables the old
Argonauts told tales of "the days of
old, the days of gold, the days of '49."
Among those who spoke interestingly
of the good old times were: William L..
Duncan, marshal of the society; J. M.
Burnett, president, and J. I. Spear, sec
retary. The following worked hard to
make the affair a success: J. M. Byrne,
R. A. D#ane, W. S. Hobart, H. L.
Mitchell and Harvey B. Root.
Watkins Rearrested.
O. J. Watkins was arrested yester
day by the United States Marshal on a
complaint charging him with having
used the mails for the purpose of ad
vertising a lottery scheme. United
States Commissioner Heacock has or
dered him remanded to Los Angeles
for trial in the United States District
Court at that place. He had been pre
viously arrested on a Federal indict
ment charging him with having used
the mails for the purpose of defraud
ing his correspondents by means of a
get-rich-quick scheme.
Brazilio Charged With Murder.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yes
terday on the body of Joseph Brogaio,
the fisherman, who was shot in the
back and killed on Vandewater street
on January 22. There was nothing
new in the testimony. The jury re
turned a verdict that decedent came
to his death from a gunshot wound
inflicted by Andrea Brazilio and others
unknown to the jury. Brazilio and
the "others unknown" - are charged in
the verdict with murder. ,
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Tuesday. January 24.
Stmr Cascade. Johnson, for Portland.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE —Sailed Jan 24—Stmr Jefferson,
for Skagway; stmr Santa Clara, for Valdea.
j Icmicago T in3days|
?1 LEAVES DAILY ATS.3O A.M.I
Other Santa Pc Trains:
[ 7:30 a. m. 1
9:30 a. m. } For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
I 8:00 p. m.j Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas, City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
I Ticket Offices—6-11 Mark, t s,t. and Ferry Depot,
.San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak
j land, Cal.; also 27 South First. San Jose.
Via Sauaalito Ferry
j SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, daily at tT-fl*
| 7:46. 8:25, 9:10 9:60. 11:00 a.' m .; 12:20 lis
! 3:15. 4:35. 5:15, 5:50. 6:30. 7:15, 10:15 and
■ 11:35 o. m.
Arrive at San Francisco daily at T6-40
i 7:35 8:15, 8:50. 9:36. 10:50 a. m.; 12*10 liO
| 2:55. 4:25. 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and 11-25
I 0 m.
tDatly except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur
' days at 3:15 p. m... and daily except Saturday
; and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS,
i 7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only—For Cazadero.
i etc.
j 6:16 p. m. daily, except Saturday and Sun
day for Tomales, etc.
TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market st.
FERRY—Union Depot, foot of Market st.
KAIL W AXTItA \ XL.
' lra,n » anrt mrm «!«••
SAN FRANCISCO.
V-V / Fbom Janpart 15, 1909
(Foot of Market Street >
i.oatic — Main LINE"". - A-<RiTtT
7 00a V KCuTllle. vv luier*. Kunnej 7 bO*
7.00 a Renicla. Blmlr* am! SiK-ranienfo . 7 20"
7.30 a vallejo. Nap*, t *ll»t"p, Sams
lioaa. Martinez.. Sau Bamee 6-20p
7 30a Nile*. Tracy. Lathrop, SutcJCToa,... 7 20p
8 00a Shasta Kxpreta — (Via Daviai.
Wttltamr. Willows, tfrato. lied
Bluff. Portland. Tacoum. Seattle 7.50*
8 00a DmYls.Woodl.tnd. Knights Landing,
Msryavi; Orevllle 7 53p
8 30a Martinez. An Hoc U. riyroii. Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Los Banot,
Mendota. Annona, Hanford.
Visa!!*. Porterrllle 4.20P
8 30a Port Costn. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno. <»oah«n Junction, Han
ford. Vlsalia. Bakertlleld 4 50P
8 30a Nllet, Saa Jose, Llvennore. Stock
ton. (tMilton). lone, Sacramento.
MarysvlHe. Cblco. Bed Bluff .... 4 20P
8 30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. Bo
norn. Tuolumne and Angels 4ZOP
8 00a Atlantic Express—Ogden and Eatt. 5 20*
8 30a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 8 50P
10 00a The Overland Limited — ogden.
Omaha, Chicago. Ben vet, Kansas
City i
10 00a Vallejo 1120'
10.00 a Lea Angeles Passenger — Tort
Cott*. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Goshen Juno
tion, Hanford. Lemoore, Vital!*,
Bakertlleld, Lot Angeles 7.20*
10.00 a SI Pato. Kansas City, St. Loult
and Chicago 720*
12.00 m Hayward. Nllet and Way Statlont. ~J-20»
11.OOP Sacramento River Steamert Til .OOP
3 30p Benlcla, Winter*. Btortniento.
Woodland, Kulght* Landing,
MarytTlile and OroTtlle 10 50*
S.SQp Hayward. Nlles and Way Statlont.. 7 SOP
S SOp Port Costa, Martinet, Bjrron.Tracj,
Lathrop, Stockton, M odea to,
Merced. Bercnda and Fretno... 12-20P
4 OOP Martinez,San Kumon. V*llejo,Napa,
Callitoga, Saut* Rota 9 20*
4 00p Nllet. Tracy. Stockton 10 80*
4 30p Hayward, Nllet. Irvlngtoa, Baal tg 60a
Jote, Llvennore ") tl 1.60 a
5 OOpThe Owl Limited—Newman, Loa
Banot, Mendota. Fretno, Tulare,
Bakertfleld, Lot Angelet 8.50 a
S-OOP Golden State Limited—El Pate,
Kansas City, St. Loult and
Chicago 8 60A
tS 30p Hayward, Nllet and San Jose 7-20*
$ 00p Hayward. Nllet and San Jose 9 50a
$ 00p EtKtero Ezprett—Omaht, Chicago.
Denver. Kausas City. St. Lout*.
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento,
Colfax, Reno, Sparks, Mostello,
Otden 12.80*
B.oop Vallejo, dally, except Sunday {, 7 R0 _
7 00p Vtllcjo, Sunday only f - — -
7 OCp Richmond, San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinet and War Statlont 1120*
7- OOp Reno Pattenger— Port Costa, Be
nlcla, Buliun. Elmtra. Dixon,
Davit, Sacramento, Sparks, Tone*
pah. Goldfleld and Keeler 780*
8 OSp Oregon * California Exprett—Bto
ramento, Marytvllle, Redding,
Portland, Puget Sound and Katt. B.Bo*
O.IOP Bay ward, Nllet and San Jot* (Sun
day only) 11-80*
COAST LINE <»*rr*w Uasgt).
(Foot of Market Street.)
B.lBa Newark. CenterTille. San Jots,
Feltoa. Boulder Creek, Santa
truz and Way Station! 5 58*
t2l6p Newark. CenterTille. San Jots,
New Almadcn.Loa uatoa.Felton,
Bonlder Creek, Santa Crag and
Principal Way Statlont 110.85 a
4. 16p Newark. Ban Jote, Lot G*to»...-j : }J,||jJ
•9.30* Hnntert' Train (Saturday only)—
San Jote and Way Statlont 17-25*
COAST LINE (liroad bang*).
JgT (Third and Towuacnd Street*.)
5.10 a San Jote and Way Stations 8-30*
OOa San Jote and Way Statlont...' 6 40*
8 00a New Almaden (Tuet.. Frld.. only). 410*
8 00a The Coaster—San .lose. Salinaa,
San Ardo, Paso Roblet, Santa
Margarita. San Lais Obltpo,
Guadalupe. Gavlota. Santa Bar
bara, San Baen*vcntnr*,Oxn*rd,
Burbank. Lot Angulct 10-30*
B.ooa Gllroy, Hollltter. Castrovlile, Del
Monte, P»clflc Grove, Surf, Lom
poc 10.30*
B.ooa San Joae. Trea Plnot.Wattonvtlle,
Capitols. Sauta Cruz, Pacific
Grove. Salinas. San T.tna Obit, o
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10p
10-3CA San Jote and Way Statlont I 200
11 30a San Joae and Way Statlone 7.30 »
2 15p San Joae «i.d Way Stationi 8 36*
3 LLP Del M»nte Express—Sinn* Cl»r*.
S»n Jote, W»tso n v 111 c, Sant*
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove 12-15*
*3 00p Lot Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge -10 45a
8- 30* Valencia St., South San Francitco,
Burllngame, San Jose, Gllroy,
Hoi Hater. Ires Plnoe 10 45a
4 30P p *n Jose and Way Statlont +8 00*
t6.ooPB»nt» Clara. Sas Jote. Lot tittot,
aud principal Way Statlont r9.00a
56 30p faa* Joteand Principal Way Statlont {9.40*
8 46p Sucaet Express.—Redwood. San
Jote.Gllroy.Salinas,l'a.ao ltoblet,
San Luia Obispo, Sunt* Barbara,
Lot Angeles, Deming. El Pato,
New Orleant 910*
6 45p El Pato, Kansas City, St. Loult,
Chlctgo 1030P
B.4SpPajnro, Writ mm vine, cap! tola,
Santa Cruz, Cattrovllle, Del
Monte, P»cific Grove 10 30*
16-1 Bp bait Mateo.Beresford.Ueiniont,San
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oak*.
Meulo Park. Palo Alto t8 48a
8 30p San Joae aad Way Station! 6 38A
5 COpPalo Alto and Way Statlont 10.16*
11 .30p South San Francisco, Mlilbrae. Bur
llngauie, San Mateo, Heimont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oak*,
Meulo Park, and l'aio Alto tB-46P
«1130p Maylleld, Mountain View, Sunny
vale, Lawrence, Sam* Clara and
San Jose 18.46*
• OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
i Foot of Market St.)
17.18 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p. m. 3.00 p. m. 8.18 *. »a|
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
: 6unday excepted 1 Sunday only.
o Saturday only. b Monday only,
tbtope at *ll statlont on Sunday.
| CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
j Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
I SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN BAFAEL.
! WEEK DAYS —7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m_; 12:38,
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trig)
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:60 and 11:30 p. no,
SUNDAYS—B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80, 3:88.
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. na.
SAY BAfAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—6:OS. 7:35. 7:60. 9:20. 11:11
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:85 p. m,
SUNDAYS —8:00. 9:40. 11:16 a. nou; 1:48, 8(48.
4:05, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave J In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2, 1904. [ Ban Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- i Sun- I Week
Days. ] days. I tlon. j days. ( Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9-To » 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:28*
3:30 p 8:30 p 6:o6'p 8:20 •
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:36 p|
7:30 a ' 9TIO a 8:40*
8:80 a Novate 10:40 a 10:20*
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:05 p 6:20 |
6:10 p 8:30 p and 7;35p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
_____
8:00 a Fulton. 7:36 p 6:20 9
8:30 p 3:30 pi _—
I Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur*. 10:40 a 10:*) •
Lytton. _ . „
8:30p 3:30p Geyserville, 7:36p 6:_ofj
I Cloverdale. I
'7:3oa| 8:00 a) Hopland 110:40 a! 10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p| and Uklah. f 7:35 pf 6:20 9
I i Wilms and I i
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood. I 7:35 p[ 8:20 9
7 to _l £ OOal 110:40 a, 10:20 a
3;30p! | 7:35 pj 6:20 ■
7:3oa| B:Coa| Sonoma | „:i_| *l _ : i?*
6:10 p| 5:00 plg^_ EUen - ! 6:05 p| 6:30 9
7:30 al 8:00.1 "~~ . I 1 0;" "-i 1 •
8:30 p| 3:30 p|__ Sebastopol. 1 7:35 p[ 6:20 9
\ STAXJES"connect at Green Brae for Saa
Ouentin- at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Ivtton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagg*
__rh?__- at "lovVrdale for the Geysers. Boone
viiie and Grevnwood; at Hopland for Duncan
S<rin_s Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carl*,
hart Sorings. Soda Bay. Lakeport, Barilett
snrinxs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
cu-4hl for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Spring*,
wnie Lakes Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
r oiTcr Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day s.
• Lierly's. Buckneir*. Sanhedrln
tioi.hts Hullville, Orrs Hot Springs, Halfway
House Compt.he. Hopkins. Mendocino City,
v, -t Bragg Westport and Usal; at Witltts for
v-rrt Bragg' Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
! fnr Cahto Covelo. Laytonvllle, Curomings.
1 Reli s Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruitland,
I Dyei\ Garbcrville, Camp 3, Pepperwood. Scotia
! Monday round trip ticket* at re
duced rates.
I r,n Sunday- Rctmd-trip tickets to all points
! beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket office. e5O Market street. Chronicle
i FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A*t.
WIT, Tamalpaisßailway
" Lt. S*n Fnuui-.e If ■ S*-'nineiii*
~ ...j "8:85 a figSNH 1:30p ' *_O:5<H
9:50 a gOA 3:55pj 8:55p
l:i'dr'\ 1:45rl j?:3 , ii> '""'(jriir
j "&tt.i_j» 4:35p S»t_r«*j» ll:t,e*
*Tt* _r»Tity Oir V Mt _m*lrais t* ■_! ftHm
TtCl-T I6SOMARi__TST.,(North Shore RaUroj_)
I ilfifiiS \ and Sausauto Heary, Foot MUiaet •*_COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
IVall-street Stacks lower on the day.
Local Stocks and Bonds quieter.
Not .much change in Silver or Exchange.
Wheat, Barky and Corn quiet. Oats active and firm.
Lima Beans lower. Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
| • Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables firm.
' Poultry in light receipt and firm and Game also in sympathy.
• Heavy rain restricts business in Fruits.
Butter higher and extremely scarce. Eggs and Cheese as before.
. 'Driad Fruits, Nuts and Raisins unchanged.
•" Pro-visions continue slow m all markets.
Bale of netv IVool in from Hanford. Hops quiet. .
Hides and Leather active at firm prices.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
. .Castor Oil marked up.
Plenty of rain reported all over the State.
. Grain Bags firm, in sympathy with Calcutta.
The Weather and Crops.
. • The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, *ectton
director of the climate and crop eervlce of the
Weather Bureau. Is as follow*:
\ GENERAL SUMMARY,
f ■;'The weather waa generally warm and cloudy
■r in -all part* of the State, with frequent heavy
rains', in all sections at the beginning and close
•of the week. So far as reported there has been
ho - *erlotis damage by the continued rain*,
1 though farming operation* have been consid
erably •retarded. The seasonal rainfall in the
central and southern section* 1* more than
double that of last season.
'' • *The .soil Is thoroughly saturated and in *ome
- .places' 1* too wet for cultivation, but In other
. sections plowing and seeding are In progress.
The grain acreage is reported much larger than
" last Reason's in nearly all sections and wili
• bi considerably Increased as soon as condi
tions pewnlt. Early sown grain is in excel
lent, condition and making fair growth, but
.would be greatly benefited by a few days of
sunshine. .Alfalfa is looking well and making
•good" growth. Green feed i* abundant in all
•ections and cattle are In prime condition.
Prospects for excellent crops of all kinds were
never better at this time of the year.
. " .Oranges and lemon* continue in good oondl
' tlon and have not been seriously injured by
frost this season. Pl.-klng and shipping are
progressing rather slowly on account of the
wet weather. The lemon crop In Southern
v'aliTornla is rejorted larger and better than
u/sual.
' SACRAMENTO VALLEY. —The continued
warm weather and frequent rains are causing
•some a't'jirehension among farmers as to grain
.prospect*. The soil is completely saturated
iand- farm work is temporarily suspended. At
Wheatland the precipitation for the season is
over twelve inches; la*t seaaon at same date
7.T3 in. lie?. The rainfall has been heavier
F'SKtrtb of .Wheatland and heavy snow has fallen
*fn the. mountains. Grain is reported in excel
lent condition and making fair growth, but
. would be benefited by sunshine. A large acre- !
a*.-.- has. been sown to wheat', oats and barley
and "will be increased if conditions are favor
..Xbla* Pasturage is abundant and of good qual
ity. ' 'Stock are In prime condition. PrunlngTs
prog»ej«ing in orchards and vineyards.
; COAST'AND BAY SECTIONS—Warm and
Cloudy • weather prevailed most of the week,
Vith frequent heavy rains in all sections. The
t>oil .is-thoroughly saturated and in some places
in. too Wet for cultivation. At Healdsburg the
lainfai.i for .the week was 2.25 inches. The
' precipitation for the season is greatly in ex
• teas of last season's in all sections, and in
»ome bf. the southern districts it is fully four
tiyiies as great as at this time la*t year. Pros
pects for good crops of all kinds were never
be»tfr. Grain is in good condiUon and making
iair growth. The acreage in grain i* large
.end will" be materially increased. Green feed
Uf quality u» abundant and stock
(♦ri; doing well. Pruning is in progress in
orchards and vineyards.'
•SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.—Generally cloudy 1
.Anti warmer weather with frequent showers
.prevaiJe'd during the past week. The rainfall
averaged over an inch throughout the valley,
■with "heavy- snows in the high Sierras. Seed
ing rs about completed in the northern por-
Uon" pf. the valley, but continues In the cen
tral and. southern portions. Grain 1* coming
up well, a good stand and color; early sown
IS making rapid growth. A large acreage will
be sown to grain. Green feed is plentiful and
Stock are-heaJthy and in good condition. Vine
yard and orchard pruning is progressing rap
idly. Almond buds are beginning to swell In
the Lodl district.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.—The weather
was warm and partly cloudy, with generou*
rains at the beginning and close of the w?ek.
The recent heavy rains have been of great
benefit to grain, grass and orchards. At Los
• Angel e« the total for the season is ti.lo inches;
last season. .67 of an inch. Nearly equal
amounts have fallen in other districts. The
•oil in some sections is too wet for cultivation,
but in other places plowing and seeding are
progressing rapidly. The acreage In grain Is
reported larger than for several year*. Early
sown grain la in excellent condition and mak
ing good growth. Green feed is abundant and
growing rapidly, and stock are steadily im
proving. Oranges and lemons continue in good
condition; picking and shipping are pro
gressing.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— W»rm and
good growing weather following the rains
caused vegetation to spring up on every hand.
Young grain and pasturage are making good
■growth. Plowing and seeding continue, with
•oil in flne condition. Pruning and cultivating
orchards progressing rapidly.
:EUREKA SUMMARY.—Farmer* are plow
ing arid putting in spring crop*. Oats continue
making rapid growth. Grain sowing in some
localities i* practically finished. Snowfall in
mountains light and not far down.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.—Close: Money on
oali, steady, 1%©2 per tent; closing bid, 114
--offered at 2. " ' *'
Time loans, easy; sixty days, 2%®8% per
cent; ninety days, 2%»/3; six months, .!©.(%.
Prima mercantile paper, 8%04% per cent
Starling exchange, strong; with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at «4.875"«4.8780 for de-
Band and at $4 8635{g>4.864 tor sixty-day
bill*.
Posted rates. $4 80 and $4 88%.
Commercial bills, $4 86%.
Bar sliver, 60% c.
Mexican dollars, 47% c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
irregular.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK Jan. 24.—The most notahl*
fact about trading In rtocka to-day was the
decided »Üb*ldence of activity. Jiven with
yesterday's excitement the total dealings for
that day fell below last week's average, which
was above a million share*, and to-day that
average would have been fuily cut In half
but for- th* spasm of liquidation at the close,
"ho xuarkrt became almost idle at tunes and
the movement of prices wa* Intensely sluggish
. until near the close. The tone, however,
: ahowed evident improvement over that of yes
• terday. and prices started upward briskly from
the outset. Thl* waa due in large part to
the lea* alarming view taken of the course
of- events In Russia. The idea that an im
; mediate overthrow of the existing Government
was threatened wa* pretty definitely dismissed.
There wa* some disposition to argue that
Russia* internal troubles might have the
eviect of hastening the conclusion of peace
with Japan and the cutting off of the enormous
expense of the war. with the possibility of a
positive benefit resulting to the finances of
the empire. But the foreign situation had lit
tle effect here except in a negative way, when
there was a cessation of the foreign pressure
to .liquidate American securities agalnat
threatened losses in other direction*. From
.'•'■* influence there was a normal tendency
'owiard- recover}'. In a few individual stocks
there was a resumption of attempt* to lift
price*. But the motives of the buyers in
these cases were rather vague and not dis
closed to the general public. Their sym
pathetic effect on the general list was also
■ very moderate. The renewed rise in Northern
Securities on the curb revived all the long
standing rumors pointing to the widespread
reiults to be expected from the settlement
out of the Northern Securities case.
The gupnosed imminence of the announcement
of tbe Southern Pacific refunding plan was a
contributory cause to the firmness of the
tir.rrimaji stocks. There was a disposition to
-attribute the movement In Eri*. which waa
•qutte conspicuous, to a *uppo*ed connection
with the wide-reaching settlement of the
Northern Securities case, which Is a potent
mystery for stimulating all sort* of move
ments, in the market. But the firmness of
the coaler* had a more substantial explana
tion In the eettlement of net earnings for De
oemb-ta- of the Central Railroad of New Jer
•ey d,»clo«tng favorable conditions not only
1n ...* i Kb leVß ' of earnings, but in a
cutting down of operating expenses. Reports
of heavy orderr, by railroads for bridge ma
yL rla we 2L a helD to United State* Steel pre
rerrea. The initiation of dividend* on Hide
and Leather preferred wa* a favorable in
fluence on the indurtrial list generally. A
faarp /Uo In the international mercantile
marine stocks on the curb was also an in
fluence In th« Industrial list. But tha de
mand for stocks easily ran out all the higher
levels in the cases of all the day's advances
and there was a sprinkling of declines which
kept the tcne irregular fqr most Mt the day.
Commission-house business was on a small
scale and there was a clearly discernible dis
position among operator* outside of limited
professional circles to maintain a waiting at
titude in the speculation for the present. The
unsatisfactory response of the market to the
advance in prices caused «ufflcient disappoint
ment to Induce the active selling of the last
half hour, which more than wiped out the
> laborious gains of the previous four and a
half hours and closed the market weak and
at net losses.
The bond market was irregular. Total sales,
par value, $6,565,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
call.
New York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton A Co., 490 California street,
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that exchange:
Sales. | STOCKS. High Low. Bid. I Ask.
1 1
19,e00 ; Amalg Copper . 73% 78 73%( 73%
Am Can Co 10V41 10%
I Do pfd 62% i 63
l,3ooiAm Car AFy Co 31% 31% 31% 81%
300 Do pfd 92 91%
700, Am Cotton OIL. 34% 34 33% 84%
Do pfd J 94 97
3iX>)Am Gr Twine Co 11% 11% 11% 12
200 Am Hide A L.. 10% 10% 9% 10
Do pfd j 48% 49
500jAmerican Ice ... 6%| 6% 6% 6%
500: Do pfd 30%| 35% 35% 88%
100] Am Linseed pfd. 92',., 92 %
• 2,000) Am Locomotive. 84 33% 33% 33%
1,000 Do pfd 106% iO6 1105 105%
200 iAm Malt 7% 7%| 7 7%
J Do pfd ! | 25 26%
13.600; Am Sra ARf Co 85-, 83%! 84% 84%
l.lOOi Do pfd |117%i114V,116% 116%
2,900 Am Sugar 141% 140% 140% 140%
200; Am Woolen 22% 21 21 21%
Do pfd ••«•• 03% 94%
1,300 Anaconda ; 105% 1105 106 106%
3.800 ATA S F I 88% 86% 85% 86%
900| Do pfd 1100% 99% 100 100%
6.700] Bait & Ohio |102 101 101% 101%
Do pfd i 96 97V*
9.7008 R T 61%! 59 59% 61%
12,2O0IOanadian Pacific 132 ! «ti 132% 131 % 131%
888,43 & 0 48% 48 48 ! 48%
C A A 41% 42
Do pfd 80 83
9,700 C & (5 W 22% 22 22 22%
Do pfd A 66 07
80Oj Do pfd B 33%; 32% 82% 33
2.400 C A N W 1224% 220 219%!220%
4.800 C M A St P 175 1173% 173% 173%
35.1001 C R IA P (new) 86% I 34% 34% I 34%
800| Do pfd 81%J B*>%t 80% 81
ItOOiChicago Term .. 15%' 14 % I 16%! 15%
2001 Do pfd 26% l 25%1 26 | 26%
• 200 C C C A St L.. 95 ) 93% 94 I 95
4,70MCM0 Fuel A Iron 45% 45 45% |46
I,6oo'Colorado So 1 24% 23%! 23% i 24
1,200 Do let pfd ... 62% 62 I6li 62
900 1 Do 2d pfd 37 36% 36% 137
2,800;Conaol Gas 200% 109%i199%200
ICon Tob pfd 1130% 1131
1,6001 Corn Products ..! 19 18% 18% |19
2001 Do pfd 75% 75 I 74%; 74%
Hel & Hudson.... 182%i182%] I
lOOID &R G 34%| »4 34 |35
20O' Do pfd 86 86 85 (86
.... IDetroit Un Ry ( i 75%1 76%
9001 Detroit So 9% 9%! 9%| 9%
|Do pfd | 33% 34
1.400: Distil Secur ! 37 136| 36 36%
20O:Duluth S S A A..1 14%| 16 i 15% 16
300| Do pfd 35 I 34 I 33% 34
G9.loo|Erie I 41%! 40%1 40% 40%
10,100! Do Ist pfd ... 79%j 78%! 78% l 78%
8,500! Do 2d pfd .... 64% 63 I 63% 63%
4,500 Gen Electric ... 186%f185%|
iGreen Cons Cop 25%1 25%
l,soo!lHinois Central . 155 154%!154% H54%
Inter Paper I | 21% l 21%
Do pfd ! 76 77
lowa Central I 29 30
Do pfd | 55% 56%
IKC FtS A M pfd | ! 82 1 52%
200'Kans City So ..I 29%| 29% i i
4,soolLouis A Ka5h...|137%j135%'t136%11»6%
800 Manhattan 170% 169%i169%|170
I Met Securities... 77% 76%! 76%1 76%
5,500(Met St Ry .... 117% 116% 116%'110%
3.soo!Mexican Central | 22% i 22%
400 M, St P A S S M 94 ! 93%! 93%
1,300! Do pfd !161 !150 1150 !151
600|Mo, Kan A Tex.' 31%! 30 |
I.SoO!Missouri Pacific. 10«% 106% 100% 1188%
000)Nash. CA St L.!140%i140 140 143
I.7oo!Natlonal L#ad...| 26 i 25%! 26% 1 25%
SoO| Do pfd 99 : 98%1...."1... .
Ntl R R Mcx pfd! 1 41% 42
2OO'X V Air Brake. 149 147 1145 "i 149
4,sooiXew York Oen.. 144 142%; 142% 142 %
m V, C A St L. ! 43 ! 43%
I.IOOIN Y. Ont A W.I 43% 43%! 43%! 43%
LlOOlNorfolk A West.l 78% 77%1 77H 77 ',
' Do pfd 92 94
INorth American.! | 98 ! 98%
20OjPaclflc Coast ) 81 80%! 80%: M%
Do pfd It, I 82W.| 86
lOOlPaciflc Mail I ! 42% 43%
26,10O|Penn R R C 0... U36XT 135% !135%|1««
800 People's Gas 1106*4 108% 106%119fi%
200|Pre»«ed Steel Carl 35% 35 35%| 36'
2001 Do pfd 89 88% 59%
700iRy Steel Springs 33% 33% l 33% I 33%
Do pfd 93 | 94
T6.ooo!Reading | 88 85%! 86 j 86%
IDo Ist pfd J J I 91%! 92
I Do 2d pfd I 85 I 86%
OOOlßepuhlic SAL. 15% ISiAi ir>%! 18%
100 Do pfd 68 87% 67%| 68%
! Rubber Goods 25% 26%
IDo pfd 94 95
ISloss S S A I Co 61 63
800 BtL A SF Ist pfdl 26 25% 25% 26
l.wn.; Do 2d ofd ... 71% 70% 70 70%
40f>'St LA S W ... 25 24% 25 25%
I,loo' Do pfd 81 60% 60 60%
86.300 1 Southern Pao .. 88 64% 04% C 4%
j Do pfd 118% 117% 117% 118%
10,400lSouthern Ry ... 84 33% 33% 33%
400 Do Pfd 97 96% 96% j97
l,2oolTenn Coal A I. 70% 69% 60%! 70
lO.OOOlTexas Pacific .. 84% 33% 33% 34
Toledo St L A W 24 24%
Do pfd 52% 88
(Twin City R T 105 100%
71,100IUnlon Pariflc ...!ÜB% 119% llfi-V, U«€
Do nfd 97% 98%
lUnited Rof S F 22 23%
IDo pfd 67% 68
Do 4s 87% 87%
600 U S Cart Iron P 24% 23% 23% 24
200 no pfd 84% 84%
1.900 U B Leather ... 13% 12% 12% 12%
1.700! Do pfd 101% 101% 101% 101%
I.OOfHU R Rubber .... 36 84 % 34% 86
600! Do pfd 99% 99 99% 99%
26.30MU S Steel Cor .. 29%! 28% 28% 28%
38,000 Do pfd 93% i 92% 92% 92%
l.lOOiVa-Car Col 35 133 33% 33%
900 Do pfd 106% 106 105 108
100 Wabaeh 22 21% 21 21%
1,000 Do Pfd 42.% 42% 42 42%
900IWestern Union.. 92% 92 94 92%
800 Westlnghouse ..180 176% 1176% 178
W A L B 17% 18
Do Ist pfd 45% 46%
Do 2d pfd ;.. 26% 26
Wisconsin Can 21 22%
Do Pfd 44 46%
678,400 —Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2e re*. .104%(Japan Ba/ cert 97%
Do coupon. 104% L A N unified 4s. 108
Do 8* reg 103%iMan con gold 4*. 106%
Do coupon 103% Mcx Central 4*... 74
Do new 4s re*. 130% I Do lat mc 23
Do coupon 131% I Minn A St L 4s 99%
Do old 4* reg.los%lM, X A Texaa 4*.101
Do coupon. 106%! Do 2ds *T
Amer Tob 4s, oert 73% NR of Mcx con 4a 82
Do 6s. cert 112 NYC gen 3%5.. 100%
Atch gen 4* 108% N J C gen 6* ...lisC
Do adj 4* 95% Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Atlantic C L 4*.102 Do 8s 77«
Bait A Ohio 4*..104%1N0r A W con 45.103
Do B%s 96% OS L refdg 45... 97%
Central of Ga Bs.W3%tPa cony B%s ICS
Do Ist mc 91 Reading gen 45...102%
Do 2d mc 70 SLA 1 M con 55.118
Che* A Ohio 4%5.109 is L A S F fg 4s. 90%
Chi A Alton B%s. 82%15t L 8 W con 4*. 82%
C, B A Q new 4*.loo%(Seaboard A L 4s, 88%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, TANUARY 25, 1905.
C. R I 4 Pro tm 81% So Pacific 4a 96%
Bo col 8a 98 So Railway fia 119%
C.C.C A BLgn 4».103 Tex A Pao 1ata..120%
Chi Term 4s 99 Tol, St LA W 4a. 84
Colo Midland 45.. 74% Union Pacific 4a.106
Colo & So 4s 92 Do conr 4s 116%
Cuba 6s. oert 106% U S SUel 2d 6*.. 93
Den ft Rio O 4e.101% Wabash lata 118%
Diet Securitlee 6a 79% Do deb B 66%
Erie prior lien 4s.lol%?Westero Md 45... 93
Do gen 4s 92 jw A L Erie 4*... 95
FWA D C lsts.lll Wis Central 45... 91%
Hock Val 4%a. ..109%|
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20j Little Chief 06
Alice 60'Ontarl» 8 75
Breece 20 o p hlr 8 60
Bruns Con 10 Phoenix 11
Com Tunnel .... 09 Potosi 13 1
Con Cal & Va... 185 Savage 87 !
Horn Silver 1 55 Sierra Nevada 45
Iron Silver 2 00 Small Hopes 27
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 1 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds. *
Money — (U 8 Steel 28%
Call loans ....8%@3%! Do pfd 92%
Time loans 8 @4 IWesting Common. 88
Bonds— I Mining—
Atchison 4* 102%! Adventure 6%
Do adj 4s 94%|Alloue* 19
Mcx Central 45.. 76 lAmal Copper .... 72%
Railroads— Amer Zino 12%
Atchison 55% Atlantic 17%
Do pfd 100% Bingham 30%
Boston & Albany.2s6 Calumet _ Hecla.66s
Boston A Malne.l74 (centennial 20
Boston Elev 157 |Copper Range ... 65*4
Fltchburg pfd.... 144 |Daly West 15%
Mcx Central 22% |Dam Coal 60
N T. N H & H..2oO%|Frankltn 11
Pere Marquette... 95 IGranbv 6%
Union Pacific 116%|isie Royals 25
Miscellaneous— Mass Mining 9%
Amer Arge C!hem. 20 (Michigan 11%
Do pfd 87 I Mohawk 61%
Amer Pneii Tube. 4%! Mont Coal A Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 140%|01d Dominion ... 26
Do pfd 138% Osceola 92% |
Amer Tel A TeLl42%lParrot 28%
Amer Woolen ... 21 IQulncv 106
Do pfd 93%! Shannon 7%
Doin Iron * 5... 17 I Tamarack 12«
Ed Elect 11ium..254 iTrlnlty 7%
Oen Electric . ...ISI%U S Mining 21%
Mass Electric 15 U S Oil 10%
Do pfd 60 (Utah 40%
Mass Gas 3R%|Vlctoria 8
United Fruit .. .105% j Winona 11%
Un Shoe Mach... 69%IWolverln» 106
Do pfd 33 |
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money... 87%1N V Central 146%
Do for acct..B7 15161N0r A Western... 80
Anaconda 5% I Do pfd 94%
Atchison 88% Ont A Western... 44V4
Do pfd 10_%|PennsyIvanla 69% I
Bait & Ohio 104%! Rand Mines 10*4 '
Can Pacific 135%|Readlng 44% 1
Che* A 0hi0...;. 49% l Do Ist pfd 4f!%
Chi Great West.. 22%! Do 2d pfd 44% I
Chi. Mil & St P.175%!50 Railway 34%
De Beere IB ( Do pfd 99 |
Den A Rio G 32% So Pacific 86% i
Do pfd 77 Union Pacific 120% '
Brie 42%) Do pfd 100 '
Do Ist pfd 80%IU S Steel 20% !
Do 2d pfd 64 ( Do pfd 95%
Til Central 159 (Wabash 22
Louis A Nash 148 (/ Do pfd 4RU
M X A Texas... 31%' Spanish 4s 89%
Bar sliver—Steady; 2*d per ounce.
Money— per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for J
short bills is 2% per cent and for three i
months' bills 2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury,
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24 —To-day s state- i
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balances, 8136.096,132; gold. $54 - !
810.336.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Jan. 24.—COTTON—Futures
opened firm; January. 6.50 c; February, 6.50 c: :
March. 8.88 c; April. 6.69 c; May, 6.76 c; June,
6.80 c; July, t!.88c: August, 6.90e.
Futures closed steady. January, 6.53 c; Feb- I
ruary. 6.66 c; March, 6.61 c: April, 6.65 c; May.
8.88e; June, f1.73c; July. (i.7Sc.
Spot closed quiet. Middling uplands. 7c:
middling pulf. 7.25 c; sales, 81 hales.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 24. —COTTON—Easy. I
Middling, 6 9-16 c.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24—FLOUR—Receipts,
33.500 barrels: exports, 1200 barrels. Steady, '
with fair trade.
WHEAT—Receipts; 29,000 bushels. Spot. !
steady; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and $1 20
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 25%
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened easier on ac
count of poor cables, liberal Northwest re- '
c»ipts and realizing. Later the price rallied
on covering, but in the afternoon ruled Irregu
lar owing to bear pressure. May closed
$1 14%; July closed $1 02%: December closed
95% c.
HOPS —Quid.
HIDES —Stead}'.
WOOL—Firm.
COFFEE—The market for coffee futures ■
closed fairly steady, with demand improving !
somewhat toward the close. Sales, 72,750 bags, i
including: February, 7.35 c; March. 7.40®
7.50 c, May, 7.60@7.75c: July, 7.90<3T.95c;
September, 8.10@«.20c; December, 8.30@8.35c.
Spot, quiet.
SUGAR —Raw, nominal; refined, steady. \
BUTTER—Unchanged.
CHFESE—Unchanged.
EGGS—Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market is
quiet, demand being light, but with stocks 1
moderate. Holders are confident and the tone
Is firm. Common are quoted at 4®5%c; prime,
s%*ir»%c; choice. and fancy, o%ifr7r.
PRL'NHS— Show no fresh feature. There Is
a little demand here for certain sizes, but it Is
for small lots and recent coast advices indi
cate a light movement In the primary mar
kets. Quotations range from 2@5%c, accord
ing to grade.
APRICOTS —Are receiving slight attention
for the time being, although stocks In the East
are very light. Choice are quoted at 10@10%c;
extra choice, ll@12c; fancy. 12@15c.
PEACHES —Are firm. Choice are quoted
at 9%c; extra choice, 10%@10%c, and fancy, 1
11%©12 c.
Now York Metnl Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24 —The London tin mar- '
ket was higher, with spot closing at £130 5s J
and futures at £129 15s. Locally the market
remained quiet, but was steady, with quota
tions ranging from 29«i29.60c.
Copper was a little lower In London, but i
so far as could be learned no Important con- i
cessions were to be had in the local mar
ket. In some Instances Lake Is quoted a little
under the figures given, but It is not probable
that much actual business could be done below
15..-)0e: electrolytic remains unchanged, and
casting at 155.16.25 c.
Lead was is 3d lower in London at £12
13s 9d. Locally the market was quiet at the
recent' decline to 4.45<54.55c.
Sprit r was unchanged at £24 17s 6d in Lon
don and at 6.20@0.30c locally.
Iron closed at 53s 9d In Glasgow and at 47s
10% d In Mlddlesboro. Locally trade is rather
quiet at the moment, but prices are well main
tained, and but little talk of shading quota
tions Is heard. No. 1 foundry Northern U
quoted at $17 50 to $17 96, the Inside prices
being more or less nominal. No. 2 foundry
Northern ie held at $17 50, and No. 1 foundry
Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern soft at
$17 76_18.
Stocks of Grain.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24 —Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes In sup
pi lee as compared with last accounts:
Wheat—United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 888,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decreased 1,800,000; total
supply, decreased 2,688,000.
Corn—United States and Canada, east of the 1
Rockies, increased 620,000.
Oats—United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1.215.000.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.—Fear of developments
in the Russian situation restricted trade in '
wheat to-d_y. The result was a decline of %
<B>%e. In view of easier cables, the Russian
disturbances did not appear to be regarded
abroad as likely to disturb commerce. In
consequence Russian affairs were seemingly
given little weight as a direct influence.
Their effect, however, was felt as a decided i
drag In speculation. The market opened easy
under a pressure of heavier receipts in the i
Northwest. May started %c off at $1 1 ,
and there was a further decline to $1 14 %@
1 14%. Uncertainty as to possibilities In Rus- !
sla was said to be keeping the larger specu
lative Interests out of the market. Business
was restricted mainly to balancing of trades ;
between small operators. Not until receipts
at St. Louis and Kansas City were made
known did a marked diversion in the course <
of the» market occur. Shorts, who regarded
receipts of 82,000 bushels at those points
against 262,000 bushels a year ago as cause
for alarm, brought about the only period of
strength in what strength the market ex
hibited. May advanced to $1 15%@1 16%.
The improvement was not long sustained. In
the absence of any demand from the shorts
whose wants were soon satisfied, May re
acted closing easy at $1 14%<g>i 14%.
Corn during moat of the session was dull
with prices fairly steady at about the open
ing range, 44% to 44%©, which was %c to
i%c under the previous close. May sold at
44%C48<\ receding, however, at the close to '
44%#44%«.
Oats ruled extremely dull, but held steady
on a slight decline. The opening was a
shade down for May at 80%e, and the market
closed steady at 89% c.
Provisions were firm for the whole list.
Outsiders and grain traders led the buying.
May pork showed a gain at the close of 10®
12% c, lard is up 7%0 and ribs gained 2%@50.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 1 14% 1 16% 1 18% 1 14%
July 98% 98% 08% 98%
Corn No. 2—
July 44% 45% 45% 45%
January .... 42% 42% 42% 42%
May 44% 46 44% 44%
Oats No 2—
January 30% 30% 30% 80%
May 80% 30% 30% 30%
July 30% 30% 30% 80%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January ....12 87% 12 87% 12 87% 12 87%
May 12 95 18 10 12 96 12 97%
Lard, per 100 pounds—•
January 6 85 6 90 6 88 6 90
May 7 05 7 40 7 06 7 10
July 7 17% 7 22% 7 17% 7 22%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— r
January .... .... 6 70
May 687 % 692 % 6 87% 6 92%
July 7 00 7 06 7 00 7 06
Chicago Grain and Produce.
CHICAGO. Jan. 24.—Cash quotations were
as followe: Flour easier; No. 2 spring wheat,
91 13®1 15; No. '8, 91 10©1 14; No. 2 red.
$1 16%@1 18%; No. 2 corn, 43% c; No. 2 yel
low, 43c; No. 2 oats, 80% c; No. 2 white, 31V,®
8l%c; No. 3 white, 31c; No. 2 rye, 75% c;
good feeding barley, 37c; fair to choice malt
ing, 43®48c; No. 1 flaxseed, 91 15; No. 1 North
western, $1 21%; prime timothy seed, 92 75;
mess pork, per barrel, $12 87%®12 90; lard,
per 100 pounde, 96 00; short ribs sides (looae).
96 50@6 75; short clear sides (boxed), 96 62%®
6 75; whisky, basis of high wines, 91 23;
clover, contract grade. 912 65.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 39.500 36,300
Wheat, bushels 48,000 674,000
Corn, bushels 461,200 205,500
Oats, bushels 226,200 264,700
Rye, bushels 1,800 5,800
Barley, bushels 87,600 26,300
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.—0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was quiet.
Creameries, 19<?/27c; dairies, 18@24c. Eggs, firm
at mark, cases Included, 19®24c. Cheese, quiet,
ll®l2c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 24.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 11,000; steady to 10c lower. Native
steers. $3 5085 60; native cows and heifers,
91 75®4 00; stockers and feeders, 92 7584 20;
Western fed steers, 98 5085 25.
HOGS—Receipts, 10.000; steady to shade
lower. Bulk of sales, $4 60®4 80.
* SHEEP—Receipts, 60,000; sheep, steady;
lambs, weak. Muttons, $4 50®4 75; lambs, 96
@7 50; range wethers, 95 50®kj 60; fed ewes,
84 2585 15.
Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA, Neb, Jan. 24.—CATTLE—
Receipts. 4700; market steady, lower. Native
steers, 93 50®5 75; cows and heifers, 92 75®
5 25: Texas steers and canners, 91 50®2 25;
stockers and feeders, $2 50@4; calves, 92 50®
5 75; bulls, stags, etc., $2®3 50.
HOGS—Receipts, 11,500; market shade high
er. Heavy, 94 65fi4 75; mixed, 94 62%®
4 67%; light, $4 50®4 65: pigs, 98 75@4 40;
bulk of sales. 94 62%©4 70.
SHEEP—Receipts, 8000; market steady. Fed
muttons. Western yearlings, 95 50®6 35; weth
ers, 95®5 60; ewes, $4 25®5 50; lambs, 96 60
®7 50.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24—CATTLE—Receipts,
6000. Good to prime steers, 95 65@6 15; poor
to medium, 93 76®8 50; stockers and feeders.
92 30®4 25; cows. $1 25®4 40; heifers, 92®5;
canners, $1 255(2 55. bulls. 92 10®4; calves,
92 75®0 85.
HOGS—Receipts, 30.000; to-morrow, 40.000;
steady. Mixed and butt hers. 94 56®4 80; good
to choice heavy, $4 75®4 87%; rough heavy,
84 8664 65; light, 9* 558 4 70; bulk of salea,
$4 658 4 76.
SHEEP—Receipts, 16.000; sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, 94 90®5 60;
fair to choice mixed, ?454 SO; Western sheep,
94 8585 05; native lambs, 95 75@7 75; West
ern lamb 3, 95 7587 75.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 7 1% 7 % 7 %
Closing 7 1% 7 % 7 %
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 23 66 24 60
Closing 2 ! 60 24 55
Flour —
Opening 30 80 32 00
Closing 30 70 31 05
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Jan. 04.—Owing to the exceed
ingly smaii tttocks of domestic wool available
actual business in the Boston market is un
usually dull. Territory wools are noticeably
scarce. Reports received Indicate that the
contracting for wool on the sheep's back is
In progress in all section* of the territories
and it is estimated that alreudy 40 or 50 per
cent of the coming clip has been sold. In no
previous year has buying been so general.
Pulled woola are somewhat easier. Foreign
wools are In fair demand and hold firm.
Territory quotations:
Idaho—Fine. 18@18%c; heavy flne, 18@17c;
flne medium, 18%®19c; medium, 22823 c; low
medium, 23®24c.
Wyoming—Fine, 17%®18%c; heavy flne, 14
@16c; fine medium, 17%®18c; low grade me
dium. 23® 24c.
Utah and Nevada—Fine. 17®18c: heavy flne.
loft 16c; flne medium, 17%®18c; medium, 22®
23c: low medium, 2.3®24c.
Montana—Fine choice. 21@22c: fine average,
19®20c; fine medium choice. 21®22c; average,
10®20c; staple, 22ft23c; medium choice. 23®
25c; average, 21i&22c.
London Wool Market.
LONDON, Jan. 24—The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 12,253
bales. High grade New South Wales greasy
merino was in demand for French and Amer
ican account and medium descriptions were se
cured by home and French buyers. New
Zealand. Swan River, bright medium cross
breds were taken for America Crossbreds
were generally easier to buy than last week
and values declined to a shade below the
opening figures, especially In poor sorts. Fine
Punta In good condition sold readily at a
fractional advance.
St. Lonts Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 24.—W001, quiet and
steady. Light, fine, 18®22%c; heavy fine, 14®
18c; tub-washed, 278-*lc.
London Silver Market.
LONDON. Jan. 24.—Bar silver closed firm
at 28 l-10d per ounce.
_——-
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.*
PORTLAND Jan. 24. -Wheat—Walla Wal
la, 83c; bluestcm. 88c; valley, 87c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 24.—Wheat, unchanged;
bluestem. 9Cc; club. 8, r .c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jan. 24.—Clearings, 8784,424;
balances. $198,599.
TACOMA, Jan. 24.—Clearings, 9440,180; bal
ances. $65,329.
PORTLAND. Jan. 34.—Clearings, 9596,681;
balances. $123,264.
SPOKANE, Jan. 24.—Clearings, $437,400;
balances, $94,331. .
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. .94-85%® —
Sterling Exchange, sight 4.8785®4.8825
Sterling Exchange, cabl-.s 4.88%® —
New York Exchange, sight 07%® —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 10 ® —
Silver per ounce 60%® —
Mexican Dollars 47%@ —
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.14%
New York on Mexico 202
Pari* on London 25.13
Berlin on London 30-44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Continue nominal,
with no business, at 12s 6d, usual European
options. The chartered Wheat fleet In port
has a registered tonnage of 3289, against 3417
on the same date last year; disengaged, 28,820
tons, against 97,570; on the way to this port,
162,730 tons, against 179,375.
WHEAT—The foreign market* continued j
quiet and not materially changed. Chicago-,
also stood about the same. A cable from ■
Liverpool said that Australia expected an ex
portable surplus of about 20,000,000 bushels,
against 27,000,000 as the last previous esti
mate. ' ,
In this market there was fair trading in fu
tures at slightly lower prices, but the cash
grain continued quiet and steady
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. 1 50®1 52%; California
White Australian, 91 «2%®1 66; Northern
Club. $1 52%®1 66; Northern Bluestem,
91 05«1 66%; Northern Red. 91 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 47 1 47 1 46% l 48%
December—No sales. 91 30% bid, 91 31,
naked.
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May 91 46% 147 1 46% 147
December 1 80% 1 80% 1 80% 1 30%
BARLEY — Trade continues dull in cash
grain at quotation* which have ruled for a
week or more. There waa a fair business in
futures yesterday, with May higher and De
cember lower.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, 91 15®1 18%; Brewing and Shipping",
81 20®1 22%; Chevalier. $1 20®1 26 per otl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11.30 a. m.
Open. HlKh- Low. Clo*e.
May 91 18% 1 19 1 18% 1 10
I
December 06% 06% 96% 96%
I p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
**y (1 19% 1 19% 1 19% 1 19%
December—No sales, 06 bid. 96% asked.
OATH—There was a very good business yes
terday, and one house alone sold off 5000 sks
at full figures during the morning session
of the Exchange. Receipts are moderate,
stocks are light and the market continues
firm. White, $1 45® 1 57%; Surprise. SI 55©
1 60; Red for feed. $1 45®1 50 for No. 1 and
$1 40®1 42% for No. 2; choice, for $1 50
61 65; Black, si 35©1 45 for feed and $1 50®
1 65 for seed; Eastern Whit* $1 42%®1 45
per cU.
CORN—There Is no further change in quo
tations, but the market continues quiet and
the feeling is rather weak than otherwise.
There is enough stack here to supply the
current demand. Western sacked, #1 25®
1 27% for New Yellow and White and XI 22%
mt 26 for Mixed; California large Yellow,
*1 27%© 1 82%; small round do. SI 65® 1 80;
White, $1 26®1 30; Egyptian, $1 35® 1 87%
for White and 81 17%@1 20 for Brown.
RYE—Firm, with light offerings, at II 45
©1 60 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—4I 75®1 85 per otl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
The demand for all goods under this head it
not over active, though tbe output of the local
mills does not accumulate. Prices remain as
before.
FLOUR—California Family Extras, 94 80®
8 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, 84 704)6;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at 84@4 50
per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS—Prices in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100
lhs; Rye Flour, $3 75 (In barrels S4 75); Rye
Meal, S3 50 (in barrels $4 60); Rice Flour,
88: Corn Meal, $2 60; extra cream do, 83 75;
Oat Meal, 84 25®4 50; Oat Groats, 84 50;
Hominy, $3 75®4; Buckwheat Flour, 94 50®
4 75; Cracked Wheat, 84; Farina, 94 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, 93 75; Rolled Oats, bbls, 96 50®
7 50; in sacks, 96®7; Pearl Barley, 96;
Split Peas, boxes, 95 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
"
Hay and Feedstuff's.
These markets are running along in a rut
and changes are infrequent and even then
narrow. Bran is fairly steady and Hay Is
quiet and easy, with the abundance of green
feed operating against the market.
BRAN —920®21 5o per ton.
MIDDLINGS—92S®2B per ton.
SHORTS—92O® 21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS—RoIIed Barley, 924 50®25 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, 931 50®
82 50; jobbing, 933; Cocoanut Cake, $23@24;
Cocoanut Meal, 924®25; Corn Meal, $31 50®
32; Cracked Corn, $32®32 50; Mixed Feed, $22
®23; Horse Beans, $30®40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY—Wheat, 910®15; Wheat and Oat,
S10®14; Oat. 99®12 60; Bariey and Oat, 9«@
10; Volunteer Wild Oat, 97(510; stable. 99@10;
slock, 96®7 60; Clover. 9T®lO; Alfalfa, 9»@12
per ton. ,
STRAW —35®60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Lira as have again declined and are reported
very quiet. For that matter the whol*> Bean
market has been dull for several months and
prices have shown no marked variation far !
some time.
Mustard Seed is nominal, as dealers say
that there- is practically none in the State.
There was no crop to apeak of last year.
BEANS—Bayos, 92 75®3; Pea, 93 25@3 50;
Butter, 93®3 25; small White, 93 25®3 40;
large White. 92 45®2 65; Pink, 93 40@3 GO;
Red, 94 75®5; Lima, $3 90®4 05: Red Kidneys,
94 25®4 60; Blackeyes, 92 50®2 60 per ctl; 1
Horse Beans, 91 85®2 40. . j
SEEDS—Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow ;
Mustard, nominal; Flax, 92®2 75; Canary,
6%c; Alfalfa, 12%®13c; Rape, 1%@2%c;
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%@3%c per lb; Mil
let. 2%®3%c; Broom Corn Seed, 920@21 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS—Nlles. $1 75®2 50; Green
Peas, 91 75®2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
The general tone of the Potato market Is
one of firmness, the daily receipts of prime
Burbanks being light and such stock passes
out of receivers' hands almost immediately
upon arrival. River Burbanks are arriving
freely, but most of them are coming In to a
few dealers who control the market lor that
line of goods and prices are well maintained.
Onions and Sweet Potatoes are firm at the
recently advanced prices.
Receipts of southern vegetables were light,
•i usual on. Tuesday, and fresh offerings of
most descriptions did better. Offerings of
Wax Beans consisted wholly of carried-over
stock of poor quality, which was hard to sell
at any price. Some Rhubarb came in from
across the bay and sold at 7c per pound.
POTATOES—Burbanks from the river. 75®
00c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25® 1 40 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. 91 20® 1 30 p»r ctl:
River Reds. 56®65c per ctl; Early Rose. $1 25
@1 30 per ctl; Garnet Chiles, 91 40®1 50 per
ctl; Sweet Potatoes. 9l®l 10 per ctl.
ONIONS -82 60®t 70 per ctl.
VEGETABLES—Green Peas, 4®«c per lb: '
String Beans, 10®12%c per lb. Wax Beans, 5®
8c: Tomatoes. $1 2.V<t 1 50 per ixix <<r crate;
Summer Squash. 75c#$l per box: Hothouse
Cucumbers, 91 25®1 60 per dozen; Cabbage,
50c per ctl; Carrots, 30&40e per sack: Garlic,
9® 10r per lb; Egg Plant. 10®12%c per lb:
Dried Peppers. 10®12%c for sun-dried and 13®
14c per lb for evaporated: Green Peppers, C®
8c per lb for Chile and 12%8'Sc for Bell:
Mushrooms. 10®20c per lb; Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash, 910@12 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry' market was slenderly supplied
and firm under a steady call for all descrip
tions, particularly large young chickens, and
Hens, Fryers and live Turkeys were quoted
higher. The day's receipts of domestic stock
were only 36 coops and there was no Western
received. All Indications point to a firm mar
ket for the balance of the week, as it is ex
pected that the receipts from the West will
be light and the storm will hold back shipments
from domestic points. Game was in demand,
owing to the scarcity of Poultry, and some
kinds of Wild Ducks were higher.
POULTRY—Dressed Turkeys, nominal; Live
Turkeys, l!)y21c per lb; Geese, per pair, 92®
2 50; Goslings, ; Ducks. 95®6 per dozen
for old and $6®7 for young; Hens, $5®5 50 for
small and $«®7 for large; young. Roosters, $6®
7; old Roosters. $4 50@.">; Fryers, 16 #6 60;
Broilers, $3@l; Pigeons, 91®1 25; Squabs, $2®
2 50.
GAME)—Mallard Ducks. 93®4 50 per doren:
Canvasback, 92 50®4 50; Teal, 92; Sprig, 92 50
®3; Gray Ducks, 92 50; Widgeon, 91 75®2; Red
Heads, 92 50; Black Jacks. 91 50; small Ducks,
9125; Gray Geese. 93; W r hlte Geese, 75c@91 50;
Brant, 92 50 for large and 9160 for small;
Honkers, 93 5085; Snipe $3 for English and
91 60 for common; Hare. $2: Rabbits, 92 60 for
Coti'cntalls and 91 60 for Brush.
Butter, Oieese and Eggs.
There were very few boxes of Butter In San
Francisco yesterday. For several days quite a
small fleet of boats with supplies has been
trying to reach this port, but all have been
delayed by rough weather, and as the brisk
local and outside shipping demand has cleaned
up the market, as already mentioned, the result
ir no Butter left. Under mese circumstances
quotations are of course nominal. The situa
tion yesterday was, not what the receiver could
get, but what he chose to force the buyer to
pay. If he wanted to squeeze him into paying
an advance of 2 or 3 cents he could easily do
so. Most of the merchants, however, chose to
be moderate In their asking prices and keep
their regular patrons good natured.
Eggs were steady, as the storm cut down
the receipts, and store descriptions were firm,
being wanted for shipment..
There Whs no change in Cheese, but the
market was dull and not oversteady.
Receipt* were 27.900 lbs Butter. 468 eases
Eggs and 2100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER—Creamery at first hands, 27%®
28c for extras and 25®27c for lower to medium
grades; dairy, 19®25c; cold storage, 22®22%c;
store Butter, 13®15c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15®16c.
CHEESE—IO®IIc for fair to choice mild
new and 10c fcr old; Young Americas, ll®12c;
Eastern, 13®15c per lb.
EGGS—Ranch. 24826 c for good to choice and
22%®23c for common; store Eggs, 22%®25c;
cold storage, nominal; Eastern, nominal at 23®
24c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. ■ !
The heavy rainfall restricted trade In fresh !
fruits yesterday, and dealers who were In
clined to purchase freely* of Oranges and other
Citrus fruits on the preceding day were holding
off, waiting for the weather to clear up. Stocks
of everything In the Citrus line were ample
and all kinds stood as previously quoted, for
the reason that there was not sufficient busi
ness to warrant any change. Four or Aye cars
of Oranges will be auctioned to-day. Stocks :
of Apples were Increased Dy 3 carloads, and
that description ruled weak, with large lines
unsold. Prices were no lower, aa nearly all of
the offerings were bought at high prices up north,
which necessitates the asking of correspond
ingly high prices here. Large buyers experi
ence no difficulty in shading the quotations, i
however. Bananas are abundant and weak.
It is estimated that there are nearly 20,000
bunches, rapidly maturing, in the cellars.
APPLES—9I 50®1 75 per box for fancy, 91 15
®1 60 for choice and 85c®91 for -common; Lady
Apples, 91®1 50 per box. «
CITRUS FRUlTS—Oranges. Navels, 91 40®
175 per bex for fancy and 91 26®1 50 for
choice and 91®1 25 for standard; Seedlings,
75c©91; Tangerines, 90c@41; Japanese Man
darins, 76c; Lemons. 92®2 50 for fancy. 9125
®176 for choice and 9'©128 for standards:
Grape Fruit 91 60@2; Mexican Limes. $4 50®
5 per case; Bananas. $1 75®2 50 per bunch for
Central American and 76c®9l 76 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. 91 50®2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, fTuts, Raisins. Honey, j
This market la still dragging along at un- i
changed quotations, and the situation has
shown no change for several months. There I
is a steady export inquiry for Prune* for i
Europe, especially In New York, but the <
Europeans want the fruit for almost nothing.
Stocks of other fruits are insignificant.
Honey continues lifeless. Nuts are steady,
but the demand is light.
FRUlTS—Apricots. B®llc for Royals and 11
®12% c for Moorparks; Nectarines, 6%@8%c
for White and 6%®7%c for Red; Peaches. 7%
@9%c per lb.; Pears. 7® 12c; Plums, pitted, 4®
5c for black. B%@7c for red and 4%@Bc
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks. 45c; 3-crown,
50c; 4-crewa, 60c. 6-crown, 65c; bulk white,
2%@3c; black. 2%®5%c; Evaporated Apples,
4 if 6c per lb.
PRUNES—I%®I*4c per lb for the four sties
and 2%e basis for the large sixes.
RAISINS—IOO4 crop f. o, b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters, $2 25@2 50; Deheaa. (1 3081 35;
London Layers, 85c@$l; Loose Muscatels, 4
crown. s®sVic: 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 80
3%c: Seeded. 3%©6 c; Thompson's Seedless,
4Vi®4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3@sc per lb.
NUTS —Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12@13c;
No. 2, 10@llc: No. 1 hardshell, 12c; No. 8,
10c; Almonds, 16@17c for Nonparlels, 14®14%0
for I X L, 13%@14%c for for Ne Plus Ultra
and 11c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6®7c for
Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50®6;
Chestnuts, 7<59c per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb, 11%@13c for white and 10®
110 for amber; water white extracted, 5%@
6%c; light amber extracted, 5®5%0; dark, 3®
4..c.
BEESWAX —27@290 per lb.
Provisions.
Dullness still prevails, and quotations show
ao further variation.
CURED MEATS—Bacon, 10c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, 12c for light,
12% c for extra light and 14 %c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 8c; Bellies, 11c; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs, 12c; 15 to 16
lbs, 11 Uc; 17 to 20 lbs, 11c; California Hams,
11 %c; Mess Beef, $10010 50 per bbl; extra
Mess. $10 50611; Family, $12®12 50; prime
Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear, $22; Mess
$18 50: Pig Pork, $26; Pigs' Feet, $5: Smoked
Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD—Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and B%c for pure; half-barrels, pure. B*4c;
10-lb tins, 9V4C; 6-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins, 9%c..
COTTOLENE—One half barrel. B%c: three
half barrels. B%e; one tierce. B%c; two tierces,
B%c: five tierces, B%e per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
A bale of new Spring clip Wool has been
received from Hanford. This is remarkably
early, and is more the result of rivalry to get
in the first bale than the result of normal
shearing, hence it cuts little figure.
Hop dealers continue to quote a quiet mar
ket in their line at unchanged quotations.
The Hide market continues firm and active
at previous prices. Receipts pass quickly out
of receivers' hands.
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about %®lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 12c r medium, 11c; light, 10% c; Cow
Hides. 10% c for heavy and 10c for light:
Stags. 8c; Salted Kip. 11c: Salted Veal, 11 He;
Salted Calf. 12%e; dry Hides, 18c; dry Kip.
16c; dry Calf. 22c r Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®
40c each; short Wool. 50®750 each: medium.
90c!S$l 10: long Wool. $1 15®1 75; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and 82 50 for me
dium, $1 50®2 for small and 60c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 25®
1 50 for medium, $1 for small, 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins—Dry Mexican. 80c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c: dry Central American, 80e:
Goat Skins—Prime Angoras, 76c: extra large
do. $1 25; large, 50c; medium, 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW—No. 1 rendered, 4®4%c per lb;
No. 2 3®3%c; Grease, 2®2%e.
WOOL—Nominal; none here.
HOPS—I9O4 crop, 27030 c per lb; 1906 crop,
17%@18c bid.
Meat Market.
Hogs continue In light receipt, and though
the demand Is also light the packers are
hinting at a possible advance before long.
Beef. Mutton and Lamb continue In free sup
ply and weak at the lower prices with which
the week opened and both butchers and pack
ers report the demand very slow.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF —606% c for Steers and 4®s*4c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL—Darge. 6M,®Bc: small, B®9%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers, 7®7%c: Ewes. «%®7o
per lb.
LAMB—9®9%c per lb for Yearlings and
for Spring.
PORK—Dressed Hogs. fl%©BHc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers. 7%®7%e : Cows and Heif
ers sU®6%c: thin Cows. 4@sc per lb.
CALVES—4O4He per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP—Wethers. 3%®3%c; Ewes, 3@3%c
per R> (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 5008 75 per head.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs. 4*4®4%c;
1.-.0 to 280 lbs, s®sVic: 80 to 130 lbs. 4%@4%c :
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations..
General Merchandise.
BAGS—Grain Bags, firm. In sympathy with
the Calcutta market, at 5%c spot and 6c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 30032 c: Fleece
Twine. 7%c.
CANNED FRUITS —Following are prices for
the 1904 sack:
i£ 05*1 ? o
FRUITS. I, a S ?
p• 1 •
Apples $1 55!51 30 $1 20 $1 10
Apricots 1 25 1 15 1 05
Blackberries 1 601 1 35 1 25 1 15
Cherries. Royal Anne... 2 10 1 80 1 65
Do white 2 00 I 65 16©.*
Do black 1 80 1 65 160
Grapes, Muscat 1 25! 1101 00 90
Nectarines I 50! 1 25 1 15 1 05
Peaches, yellow 1 75! 1 35 1 25 1 15
Pears. Bartlett 1 901 1 60 1 60 1 30
Plums. Green Gage 1 35! 1 10 1 00 90
Do Damson 1 401 1 15 1 00 1 00
Raspberries 2 50! 2 251 2 00 1 90
Strawberries 2 00| 1 75] 1 60 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES—Tomatoes, 2%-lb,
standards. 65®70c; gallon standards. $2: 3-lb,
solid pack. 87 1 i(fjft0c: Green Peas —Petite pois
$1 35; extra sifted, $1 15: standard sifted, $1.
standards. 85®90c: Marrowfats, 85®87%c f. o.
b. San Francisco.
COAL.—Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 50: Brvant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50;
Richmond. 88; '"umberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennslyvania Anthracite Egg
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Dump,'
$11 50: I'annel. *9 per ton: Coke. $11 50(813 per
ton in bulk and |15 In sacks: Rocky Mountain
descriptions, ss 50 per short ton.
PACIFIC CODFlSH—Bundles, per lb. 4%e;
rases, regular, $5 55: cases, extra large, 6%c;
Eastern style, 614 c: boneless, <SV*c; "Norway,"
6Hc; "Narrow Gauge," 6*ic; "Silver King,"
7%c; blocks, "Oriental," 6%c: blocks. "Sea
bright," 7c: tablets. 7%c; middles, 7®9%c;
fancy boneless. 9H®9%c; pickled Cod! bbls.
$8: nickled Cod, half bbls, $4 75.
CORDAGE—The local company quotes as
followp. 00 diys or % per cent discount for
rash, no sales under 10,000 lbs: Manila 15c:
Sisal. 10*ic; Duplex. 914 c: Bale Rope, 11%®
12% c per lb.
COFFEE—Costa Rica—Nominal (stock 304
bags), 13®14c for strictly prime to fancy
washed; H%012%C for prime washed; 10%®
11c for good washed: ll®l2c for good to prime
washed peaberry; lt)®lle for good to prime
peaberry; 10® 11c for good to prime; 8%®9%c
for fair; CW.®Bc for common to ordinary.
■ Salvador (stock 5522 bags)—l2 l 4®l3%e for
fancy washed, nominal: li%<R>l2c for strictly
prime washed, nominal; 1014011 c for good to
prime washed; 9%®10c for fair washed; 10%
@ll%c for fair to prime washed peaberry; 9%
®10c for good to prime semi -washed; 9%®100
for superior unwashed: 9*Ac for good green
unwashed; 10a for good toXauperior unwashed
peaberry; B%@Be for Inferior to ordinary.
Ecuador (no stock) —9®9%c for current un
washed.
Nicaragua, nominal (stock 186 bags)—ll®
18c for prime to fancy washed: 9%®10%c for
fair to strictly good washed: 9%®9%c for good
to superior unwashed; 10®10%c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala (stock 12.092 bags) and Mex
ican (stock 1142 bags) — 13%®14c for
fancy washed; 12@13c for prime to strictly
prime washed: U%®l3%c for strictly good
washed; 10%®llc for good washed; 9%®loV«r
for fair washed: 8%®9%c for medium; 6%®
B%c for inferior to ordinary; 10%®11%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 10®10%c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9%<810e for
good te superior unwashed.
Hawaiian (stock 6162 bags)—l3® 14c for
fancy, nomlnnl; !2®12%c for prime; 11011% c
for good: 10010% c for fair: 11©ll%c for pea
berry; 6%©9% c for low grades.
LEATHER —The market continues very ac
tive and -firm. Sole, heavy, 29®31c; extra
heavy, 31®33c per lb: medium. 28®30c: light,
27®2»c; Rough Leather, 2S®soc; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35037 c for No. 1 and 32#34c
for No. 2; medium. 30©37 c; light. 29035 c;
skirting. No. L 40042 c; No. 2. 36088 c; Col
lar Leather. 15® 16c per feot; Trace Leather,
40®44<*: Kin. unfinished, 40®50c per lb; Veal,
finished. 56#60c per lb: Calf, finished. «r,c®sl
per lb; Wax sides. 16®17c per foot; Belt Knife
Srlits. 14®16c; Rough Splits, B®loc per lb.
TANBARK—Ground, $25®28 per ton; stick,
$16 60081 per cord.
OlLS—Baker's Castor is higher. Quotations
are for barrels; for cases add sc; Linseed. 55c
per gallon for boiled and 63c for raw; Castor
Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70c: Bakers' AA, cases.
$1 1401 16; Lucol, 50c for boiled and 48c for
raw; China Nut, cases, 65®80c per gallon; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 68c; natural winter Sperm Oil, 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 57c: natural Whale
Oil, 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil' 73c-
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63cf light Herring OH,'
42c; dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c
boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw Fish Oil, 85c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil, 31c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.—Water White
Coal OH, In balk, 12% c; Pearl Oil. In cases
19c; Astral, 19c; Btar, 19c; Extra Star, 22c;
Elaine, 25% c; Eocene, 21c; Deodorised Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; in eases, 22% c; Motor
Gasoline, in bulk, 18c; in cases. 22% c; No. 1
Engine Distillate, Iron bbls or drums, 8c; No.
2 do, 6%e; cases, 6%e more; Benzine, In bulk.
13c; in cases. 19% c; Rtt-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 25c;' in cases, 31e.
TURPENTINE—7Bc per gallon In cases and
72c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead, 7%®
78ic per lb; White Lead, 7%4f7%c. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER—S4OO4I 60 for local urn and
$38(839 per flask for export.
SALT—Bales. 90c for common and #1 for
granulated; Dairy, 85 50 per ten; Granulated,
AUCTION SALES
£a
AUCTION SALEJF HORSES
60 HEAD OF HORSES, weighing from 1000
lbs. to 1700 lbs., consigned by W. 2. MOSS,
Lakeview, Or. This Is a flne lot of horses.
Every horse will be guaranteed aa to sound
ness and work at time of sale.
Also 20 head of GOOD PLOW HORSES.
Farmers wanting good work bora— can get
them at thla sale.
SALE THURSDAY, JANUARY 88, 1906.
At 11 a. m.. at
STUARTS HORSE MARKET. 838 TE
HAMA ST.
HORD 4t SMITH. Auctioneer*.
Horses at sale yard Tuesday. Jan. 84.
AUCTION SALE
Wednesday January 25, at M a. m., AR
CADE HORSE MARKET, 327 SIXTH ST..
I will aell the rolling atock of San Francisco
Coal Co., consisting of 20 good HORSES; 1
three-ton platform spring wagon, 5 coal cart*.
8 email wagons, 15 >ts harness, also 26 all
purpose horses. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE —Office General Superintend
ent, Army Transport Service, San Fran
cisco, Cal., January 10, 1906 —There will be
sold at public auction, at 11 o'olock a. m.,
January 26, 1906, at Folsom-street wharf, a
lot of miscellaneous condemned Quartermaa
' ter's store*, a list of which can be seen at
Folfom-»treet wharf. C. A. DEVOL» Major
and Quartermaster, U. S. A.
* $6@6 60; Half Ground 100-lb bags, $8 88; do.
! 50-lb bags. $3 75; Rock Salt, $2 7608 in 100 and
$3 25 in 50-lb bags; Genuine Liverpool, $11 50,
, $12 60 and $18 50 per ton In packages of 224,
1 110 and 50 lbs respectively.
SUGAR—The Western Sugar Refining Com
' pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
) Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.28 c; ,
I Powdered, 8.IO0; Candy Granulated. 6.10 c; Dry
I Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
I 6c; Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
! (100-lb bags only), 5.80e; Confectioners' A. 80,;
Magnolia A, 5.60 c; Extra C. 5.5t»c; Golden C.
j 6.40 c; "D," 6.30 c; barrels, 10c more,- half bar
rels, 25c more: boxes, 60c more; 50-lb bags,
I 10c more for all kinds. Tablets—Half barrels.
! 6.50 c; boxes. 6.75 c; H. aY E. Crystal Domino*.
9c per lb. No orders taken for leaa than aev
enty-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER—Pine, ordinary sizes, $18018; ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood, $19023- Lath. 4
feet, $8 7504; Pickets, $17025; Shingles, $2
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes, $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $33088. '
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY M.
Flour, qr ska.. .12,1031 Wool, bales 1©
Wheat, ctls .... 45 Tallow, ctls .... 228
Barley ctls 1,750 Leather, rolls ... 200
Oats ctls 803! Hides. No 694
Shorts sks 30) Pelts, No 1.200
Screenings, sks.. 105 Lime, bbls 456
Feed, sks 15 Paper, ream* ... 275
Beans, sks 1.229 Wine, gals 66,850
Potatoes, ska ... 4,9oß'Ralsln*, bxa 1.700
Onion* ska 750! Sugar, ctl* 2,540
Bran, sks 25*! Brandy, gals .... 4f»o
Middlings, sks .. 30!Ohicory. bbls ... to
Hay tons 8291 Buckwheat, ■*».. 47
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, otl* 12,2501
AUSTRALIA.
Onions, eaaea ... 6001
STOCK MARKET.
Local Securities Quieter. With Fewer
Fluctuations.
There was less trading in the sugar stocks
yesterday and prices were more of lea* un
settled. Hawaiian Commercial wa* higher.
; selling up to $90 60 in the afternoon, but none
iof the others showed any advance. Alaska
Packers was still an object of some attention
j and was higher at $90 50 at the opening, but
j fell back to $90 later on. Giant Powder made
! another advance to $65. Ga* and Electric was
lower, declining from $52 to $51. Salea of
bonds' showed a marked decrease, amounting
:to only $45,000. There was a sale of $2000
! North Shore 6 per cent bonds at $100. jL,
The Comstock mining shares were quieter,
with prices showing little change from the pre.
i ceding day. There was a good business in
I the Tonopahs, with MacNamara and Tonopah
Midway leading.
The dividend on Onomea Sugar, Increased to
30c. is payable February 6.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay
a regular monthly dividend of $1 per share
j January 30.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 35c per share
j February 6.
The Alaska Treadwell Mining Company has
! declared a dividend of $1 per share and the
1 Alaska Mexican Mining Company 30c per
! share, both payable on the 28th.
The Sftn Francisco and Tonopah Mining Ex -
i change now holds three sessions dally, at 9:30
la. m.. 11 a. m. and 2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Jan. 24—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.] Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .105% 106 |4s qr cp new. 130-% 131 %
4s qr reg. . .105*4106 13s qr coup.. .104% 106
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — lO G L&H 6*loß —
! Asso Oil 6s. 87 — |0 W gtd 6a. — —
Continued on Page Fourteen.
.ADVERTISEMENTS.
N.W.Halsey&Go.
BANKERS
New Tork. Saa Francisco. Chicago
W* are pleased to announce that we
have extended our facilities for serv
ing- our friends and the nubile gener
ally by establishing an office la San
Francisco, at tbe corner of California
and San soma Streets, where we will
be represented by MS. CTEUS
PEIECB. for many years successfully
encrasred in the business of Investment
banking In Philadelphia.
With nearly twenty years' active
experience in tbe purchase and sale
of h.l<rh-STade Railroad. Government.
Municipal and Corporation Bonds, am
ple capital, affiliations with some of
the largest Eastern financial institu
tions, and aa Intimate knowledge of
the entire Western portion of the
country, we are la a position to pur
chase outright entire issues of sea
soned bonds aad to supply investment
needs of financial institutions sad
private investors.
We shall ensraare in a general bank
ing business and sollolt deposits of
funds awaiting investment, upon
which interest will be allowed, bat
will not receive active accounts.
Correspondence sad personal inter
views invited.
N. W. HALSEY & CO.,
California and San so me Streets.
Saa Francisco.
Xi, COMMONLY CALLED g~
\THB big board"? ;
f GOID FIELD j
} TONOPAH i
I MINING JTOCK LISTED" *'|
> COM. <>f J
t LIST Or MJTMSJCMS JZNT TO C
New Tork Pbone San Francisco Phone
Call Broad 4209 Call Main 3070
E. F. BUTTON & CO.
Bankers and Brokers,
490 California St, San Francisco.
MEMBERS—New York Stock Exchange
New York Cotton Exchange
New York Coffee Exchange
Chicago Board of Trade
Richard E. Mulcahy. Mgr. 88-85 New St..
San Francisco New York
1516
LOVE LETTERS LEAD TO A TRAGEDY
Young Man Kills
Woman and
Himself.
Double Crime Is
Caused Btj
Jealousy.
On discovering that the woman with
whom he had lived was playing him
false and owing to the slow but sure
encroachments of poverty, Edward C.
Tidcombe, member of a prominent
Portland, Ore., family, shot and killed
Mrs. Georgia Nelson, whom he
was supposed to have married
four months ago under the alias
of E. L. Jameson. Tidcombe
then sent a bullet into his brain and
lingered for several hours before death
ended his suffering. The tragedy took
place at 945 Stanyan street at an early
hour yesterday morning, but nothing
was known of its startling details until
nearly noon.
S. Richmond, from whom Tidcombe,
under the name of E. L. Jameson,
rented apartments, was summoned to
the telephone yesterday morning by a
woman who asked for the Jamesons.
Richmond knocked at the door of the
Jamesons' room but received no re
sponse. At 11 o'clock the woman again
telephoned and Richmond made a sec
ond attempt to arouse the roomers.
Becoming suspicious he looked through
the keyhole and saw Tidcombe lying on
the bed, his head resting on a blood
stained pillow.
The landlord notified the police of
the Park Police Station. Corporal
Rainsbury responded and decided that
it was best to force the lock to the
Jamesons' room. This was done and
the apartments opened just as Captain
of Police Gleeson arrived. The In
vestigators found the woman dead in
• bed and the man lying by her side
with a bullet in his brain. Mrs. Nelson,
or Jameson, as she was known in the
house, had been shot «»ack of
the left ear and was almost
instantly killed. From the posi
tion of her body it would appear
that the shot was fired while she slept.
Tidcombe had a wound under the right
ear, the bullet penetrating the brain.
He was still breathing. The ambulance
was summoned and the wounded man
was taken to the Park Emergency Hos
pital, where he died at 7:30 last night.
CAUSE A MYSTERY.
The mystery in the tragedy lies in the
fact that the desperate deed appeared
wholly unpremeditated. Tidcombe,
upon retiring Monday night, had care
fully placed his trousers under his pil
low for the purpose of pressing them,
where they were found In zhe morning
wet with blood.
The floor was strewn with letters ad
dressed to the woman from many male
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MSFIGURED
WITHECZEMA
Under Physicians Five
Months. Went from
Bad to Worse.
CURED 3Y CUTICURA
Wonderful Changs in One High!.
In a Month Face Was
Clean as Ever.
**I was troubled with eczema on the
face for five months, during which
time I was in the care of physicians.
My face was in such a condition that
I could not go out. It waa going
from bad to worse and I gave tip all
hope, when a friend of mine highly
recommended Cuticura remedies. The
first night after I washed my face with
Cuticura Soap and used Cuticura
Ointment and Cuticura Resolvent it
changed wonderfully, and continuing
the treatment it removed all scales
and scabs. From that day I was able
to go out, and in a month my face
was as clean as ever."
THOMAS J. SOTH, 317 Stagg St.,
Brooklyn, N. Y. /
THE AGONIZING
Itching and Burning of the Skin
As in eczema; the frightful scaling, aa
in psoriasis; the loss of hair and crust
ing of scalp, as in scalled head; the
facial disfigurement, as in pimples
and ringworm; the awful suffering of
infants, and anxiety of wornout par
ents, as in milk crust, tetter and salt
rhenm — all demand a remedy of al
most superhuman virtues to success
fully cope with them. That Cuticura
Soap, Ointment, and Pills are such
stands proven beyond all doubt. The
purity and sweetness, the power to
afford immediate relief, the certainty
of speedy and permanent cure, the
absolute safety and great economy
have made them the standard akin
cures of the civilized world. Abso
lutely pure=
Sod throughout the world. CutSeniAsttwvent, Me.
(in form cl Chocolate Catted HIU, 2*Jr&> rial of »),
ointment, Mc, fnap, JSe. Depot*: La^doa,?T Charter
house Sq.; Peril, 4 Hue de la Ptix; Mm 1(7 Colombo*
Aft. Foster Drug * Chela. Corp., 8oi« JTepriertore.
fSeed Talk
Complete and reliable informa
tion and advice on seeds, planting,
etc.. In our new, amply and beauti
fully illustrated annual catalogue.
1905.
*j Mailed free on request.
2 ALL SEEDS FOR FARM AND
■ GARDEN.
I Fruit Trees and Ornamental Plants
I COX SEED CO.
H 411, 413, 415 Hansoms Street.
1 SAN FEANCISCO.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
833 MARKET ST.. OPP. HASOH.
All Musical Goods at Lowest Prices
admirers. Tidcombe evidently had been
reading these letters.
It would seem that Tidcombe awoke
during the night, and after brooding
over his discovery of the perfidy of the
woman, or, perhaps, his financial trou
bles, decided to end her life and his.
He went Into the rear room and got
two revolvers. Both were of 32-caliber,
one with the barrel sawed off. Select
ing the long-barreled pistol he returned
to the front room and did the deed.
When the police broke in the door they
found the revolver on the man's body,
while on the breast of the dead woman
rested a pet kitten, purring softly.
No line was left by Tidcombe to show
cause for his act, although a memo
randum book showed that the pair
were hard pressed for money. Among
his effects were letters showing that
he had been employed in this city by
J. K. Armsby & Co. and by Moise,
Klinkner & Co. since May, 1904, coming
to the latter firm from Portland, Ore.,
under the name of Jameson. He bore
a good reputation with both firms, and
was discharged from the former after
the holidays were over.
Tidcombe formerly lived with
his mother in Portland at 700
Thurman street and it had
been arranged that she should
come to this city to live. He was a
graduate of the Portland High School.
Tidcombe was about 25 years old and
magnificently developed physically.
Two of his sisters live in Oakland.
MAKES STRANGE STATEMENT.
Yesterday afternoon an unknown
man telephoned to the Coroner's of
fice and said that he was acquainted
with Tidcombe, who left Portland a
year ago under the name of Edwards
owing to financial troubles there; He
alleged that Tidcombe went to Hono
lulu and the Samoan Islands and that
upon his return he went to St. Louis,
where he met Mrs. Nelson.
Mrs. Georgia Nelson was the di
vorced wife of Frank D. Nelson, a
salesman for H. N. Martin & Co., a
tobacco firm of Louisville, Ky. Prior
to her marriage she was Miss Georgia
Mabry of Vandalia, 111. She was of
slight build and pleasing countenance
and appeared to be about 28 years old.
Among the 'satchelful of letters
were communications from her hus
band accusing her of improper con
duct in Los Angeles and begging her
to be faithful to him while he was
away from her. There are several
letters from a prominent business man
of Seattle offering her money and ask
ing her to come to him or let him go
to her. Other letters are from a
woman friend, who is a nurse in this
city. One of these letters congratu
lates Mrs. Nelson on capturing the
Seattle man and expresses the hope
that she "will soak him good."
Mrs. Jean Willering of 1067 Oak
street, Oakland, a sister of the dead,
woman, called at the Coroner's office
yesterday afternoon and while being
shown the pictures and elTects of Mrs.
Nelson attempted to secrete the letters
and pictures In her dress. She was
prevented from doing so by Deputy
Coroner Meehan.
WELL KNOWN IN PORTLAND.
Tidcombe Is of Good Family, but Has
Bad Record.
PORTLAND, Jan. 24.—Edward C.
Tidcombe was a well-known young
man here. He comes of a good family
and had been Hying with his parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Tidcombe, at 700
Thurman street. He was a graduate
of high school and a member of Mult
nomah Athletic Club. He was a foot
' ball player, a runner and weight
J thrower. His best success was as half
( back on the football team of the high
■ school.
There was considerable scandal at
the time of his • disappearance from
here four months ago. He had been
employed as bookkeeper for the Tbke
Point Oyster Company and embezzled
a considerable quantity of money. He
j was a poker player and lost heavily.
I All last summer he is said to have lost
j regularly. It is not known how deep
-1 ly he was indebted to his employers, as
1 they have never made • a very deter
j mined effort to locate him.
1 When he left It was supposed that
jhe had gone to. Mexico. But within a
few weeks a number of Portland peo
-1 pie had met him in San Francisco,
where he had been living under
an assumed name. Whenever seen by
Portland people he was with a wom
an whom he introduced as "Miss"
Nelson, who w»s supposed to have
eloped from Portland with him when
he left. Whether he was married to
the woman or not Is not known,
though his mother heard indirectly
that he had been married.
The news of the tragedy came as a
8 hock to Mrs. Tidcombe. She had ex
pected, to visit her son in about two
weeks.
Charles Tidcombe and wife leave
for San Francisco to-morrow morning.
THE SAN CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1905.
FORMER PORTLAND MAN AND
SUPPOSED jWIFE WHO WERE
PRINCIPALS IN A TRAGEDY.
AUDITOR BAEHR WINS BET
FROM TREASURER McDOUGALD
Draws Down Wager by Signing More
Municipal Bonjls in an Hour
Than His Associate.
Auditor Baehr yesterday won a $5
: hat from City Treasurer McDougald
;as the result of a wager made as to
j which of the two city officials could
j sign the greater number of municipal
: bonds within one hour's time. Baehr
! and McDougald, together with Mayor
!St hmitz arid Supervisors' Clerk Fay,
have been busily engaged in the task
for several days past. The first named
two were returning from lunch when
McDougald began to brag about the
number of bonds he had signed the
day before.
"I'll bet .1 signed more than any
other official," said McDougald.
"I'll bet that I can sign more in an
hour than you can," retorted Baehr.
"Done for a $5 hat," replied Mc-
Dougald.
Timekeepers were appointed and the
i two officials began operations. At the
I end of the hour Baehr had signed exact
j ly 500 bonds, while McDougald had af
; fbed his signature to 497. McDougald
paid the bet like a little man, but
claims that he lost because his name
contains more letters than that of
Baehr.
Bohemian Club Nominates.
At a special meeting of the mem-,
bers of the Bohemian Club yesterday
the following nominating committee
to propose officers for the official year
.was elected: Colonel A. G. Hawes,
Frank P. Deerlng, C. K. Field, W. H.
Lowden and Edgar Mathews.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Beware of Imitations
TO SMOKERS OF
"Bull Durham"
ff m An imitation of "BULL
DURHAM" Smoking
I; Tobacco is being placed
t: fl|ij rfjJßnl Examine your "BULL
HBraSftll DURHAM " carefully, and
1 see that the picture of the Bull
is on the label of every pack
jj |l| age and the tag on the string.'
l ss.»J l Blackwell's Durham Tobacco Co.
i 'J
DEMINGS' NOTES
MIX THE BANKS
Some Want Eppinger Grain
Identified, While Others
Demand Pro Rata Division
BOOK CAUSES FLURRY
Memoranda Showing Loca
tion of Wheat and Barley
a Problem for Attorneys
James Demings and his notebook
were the peak about which the storm
of conflicting claims for the remnant
of the Eppingers' grain assets gath
ered yesterday in Judge Murasky's
court. The lean little keeper of the
Crockett warehouse records had made
notes highly gratifying to some of the
banks which make claim to* specific
lots of wheat and barley as security
for their loans to the bankrupts and
disheartening to those who are plead
ing for a distribution of a pro rata
share of the value of the 3600 tons of
grain remaining after the Eppinger
failure as collateral for some $700,
--000 advanced.
Demings was on the stand all morn
ing. He was permitted to refresh his
memory from a notebook containing
entries he had made from copies of
statements rendered to the Eppingers
regarding grain in the warehouse at
the time of the failure. Before he
had finished the dozen or more attor
neys, representing as many interests,
were in an uproar, some demanding
the exclusion of the evidence and
some insisting upon its admission.
When Attorney Freidenrich, for the
International Banking Corporation,
took the witness in hand he an
nounced his purpose of discrediting
both witness and book. He drew out
that Demings, after making his notes,
had placed the book in charge of his
wife and had lost it about the time of
the giving of his deposition in Janu
ary of last year. Later the book was
found, how he did not know, and it
was compared with a statement pre
pared by Attorney Chickerlng, repre
senting the American National Bank,
which demands certain specific lots of
grain. Judge Murasky thought the
witness might refresh his memory
from the book, but was in doubt as to
its admission in evidence in support of
various facts by the entries made.
The American National is anxious
for the book to be admitted. It holds
that six lots of grain are identified as
its own securities, making about 25
per cent of its total claim. Other
banks claiming specific lots are the
Bank of Stockton, Wells, Fargo & Co.
and Blum & Co. Among those liable
to lose if the specific lots are identified
are the Nevada National, the Londqn,
Paris and American, the International
Banking Corporation and the San
Francisco Savings Union. These and
others want a pro rata division of the
grain. They contend that while Dem
ings' book shows certain lots In their
right places In the warehouse the
original grain in the lots was taken
out and shipped or graded and re
placed by other grain, which the
holders of the warehouse receipts
have no right to claim.
Judge Murasky has admitted the
cross-complaint of Trustee Henry
Wadsworth, claiming the grain for
the benefit of all the Eppinger cred
itors. The hearing will be resumed
this morning.
Coughs and colds are dangerous intruders.
Expel them with Parker's Ginger Tonic.
Parker's Hair Balaam aids the hair growth.'
ARGUES THAT ORDINANCE
IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Judge Cook Will Render Decision on
Applications for Habeas Corpus
Writs on January 30.
The seventy-nine women arrested at
620 Jackson street and 1129 Dupont
street during the raids of the Grand
Jury and deputy sheriffs filed into
Judge Cook's courtroom yesterday af
ternoon and listened to the arguments
of counsel on the applications for
writs of habeas corpus for their re
lease from custody.
Attorney Ach, for the petitioners,
argued that the ordinance passed on
December 12, under which the women
were arrested, is unconstitutional be
cause it interferes with the individual
rights of the people. He gave defini
tions of the words "visitor" and "in
mate" and argued that a physician,
grocer, plumber or any one who had
legitimate business at a house of ill
fame could be arrested under the or
dinance.
District Attorney Byington and As
sistant District Attorney Harris re
plied, and the Judge said he would
render his decision on January 30.
SLAVE RELATES
HER SAD STORY
Leung Ah Duck Testifies
Strongly Against Lee Toy
and Interpreter Da Silva
BEATEN ON BOARD SHIP
Tells How She Was Coached
in Hongkong and on the
Steamer by Her Tormentor
Leung Ah Duck told a story yester
day-on the witness stand in the United
States District Court implicating Lee
Toy, a wealthy resident of Phila
delphia, and Hlppolyttus da Silva,
formerly interpreter in the Chinese
Bureau, in the business of importing
Chinese women to this country for Im
moral purposes. The accused men were
being tried before a Jury on an indict
ment presented several months ago.
Through Dr. John Endlcott Gardner, a
bureau interpreter, Leung told the Jury
about an eventful episode in her his
tory. She was a slave girl, and was
released by her mistress to a Chinese
man who turned her over to Lee Toy
in Hongkong for the purpose of being
taken to the St. Louis Exposition. She
told how she had been coached by Lee
Toy and Da Silva to say to the Immi
grant officials on her arrival here that
she was going to the exposition to act
as a waitress in the tea garden. Lee
Toy, she said, also told her the real
purpose for which she was being taken
to the United States, and warned her
not to let the immigrant officials know
anything about it. On board ship she
was also coached b.v Da Silva, and
when she ventured to remonstrate Da
Silva beat her. Lee Toy was present,
she said, when Da Silva beat her, and
Lee Toy remarked, "You haven't been
beaten enough; you must be beaten
some more."
The woman added that when she ar
rived here she told the coached story
to the Chinese Bureau officials, but re
fused to swear to it.
During the testimony of the woman
numerous objections on technical
grounds were made by Bert Schlesinger
and Samuel M. Shortridge, counsel for
Lee Toy, and Thomas C. West for Da
Silva, but Judge de Haven brushed
aside all technicalities and directed that
the woman should be permitted to tell
her story in her own way. Then Mr.
Schlesinger took the almond eyed lady
In hand for cross-examination.
"You never Intended to come to this
country for an immoral purpose, did
you?" he asked.
"No," was the reply. "I told Lee Toy
on the steamer that I never would lead
an immoral life."
She said further that Lee Toy had
threatened to hang her should she re
fuse to testify to the coached story.
The witness was still on the stand
when the court took an adjournment
until this morning. The case Is handled
for the prosecution by Ben L. McKin
ley, Assistant United States Attorney,
the evidence having been gathered
by George W. Hazen, United States
Secret Service Agent.
, Three other slave girls in custody of
Miss Davis of the Chinese Mission will
be called as witnesse.
Travel Talk.
Mr. Frederick W. Prince will talk of >
"A Jaunt to Chicago" at Y. M. C. A. j
Auditorium. Tuesday, January 31; admis
sion twenty-five cents.
There will be 200 magnificent stereop
ticon slides; grand views of Yosemite and
beautiful pictures of the Qrand , Canyon
of Arizona; interesting glimpses of Moki
land and the snake dance. Tickets on
sale at office of Y. M. C. A., Mason and
Ellis streets. •
Railroad Men Wanted.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces the following
examinations on February 13 for the
Panama canal service: Railroad yard- ;
man, age limit 25 to 50 years, salary
$130 per month; switchman, age limit
21 to 45 years, $100 per month;
switchman's helper, age limit 21 to 45
years, $75; train conductor, age limit
21 to 45 years, salary $100; trainman,
age limit 21 to 45 years, $75. For the
position of switch engineman salaries
have been fixed at $83 33, $100 and
$115 per month. Steam and air drill
foreman, age limit 25 to 50 years, $100
and $125. Steam and air drill work
man, age limit 25 to 45 years, salary
$75 and $83 33.
Apply to the United States Civil Ser
vice Commission, Washington, D. C,
for application form 1422.
Benevolent Society Meets To-Day.
The German Ladies' Benevolent So
ciety will hold Its annual meeting
day at 3 o'clock in the east parlor of
Golden Gate Hall.
ADVERTI SKME.VTS.
iiwhiii am .nimnn.il linn iwm ■» ■'' '■' tMI,wl "'" "muwiiiwij maumiumm ■
LAST DAYS
OF OUR
Great Alteration Sale
This is the closing week
of our Great Alteration.
Sale and will he the last
opportunity for our cus
tomers to take advantage
Of the GENERAL REDUCTIONS
made in all departments.
Attention is particularly
directed to the great
values offered in the Silk,
Dress Goods, Linen, Cur
tain, Ribbon,. Waist, Silk
Skirts and Muslin Under
wear Departments.
111 to 121 Post Street
INSINUATIONS
DISPLEASING
Executor Bridgford Takes
Exceptions to Questions
Asked by A. J. Clunie
The plasters on the Clunie-Briogford- :
White wounds were pulled off again j
yesterday, and the soreness re-ex- i
hibited to the critical eye of Judge
Coffey. Andrew J. Clunle, half j
brother of the late Thomas J. Clunle,
and one of the three executors of his
will, in pursuance of the examination
in the matter of his objections to the
account of administration rendered by
E. A. Bridgford and Burrell G. White,
the two other executors, had the former
in range of the fire of his questions for
most of the afternoon, then fired a few
scattering volleys at Whiter
During the examination of Bridgford,
Clunie demanded an exhibition of the
witness' private account at the Western
National Bank, of which Bridford Is a
director. Clunie said his purpose was
to show that Bridgford and Judge
Grant had divided the $8000 attorneys'
fee allowed to Grant by White and
Bridgford, for legal services rendered.
Bridgford declined to produce his
private account, and the court sus
tained him. In the course of the per
sonalities which followed Clunie said:
"You have been holding my money
away from me and using it for your-
Belf, and you have been using the
money of others in the same way."
Judge Bridgford paled, but restrained
himself, and a moment later he said,
"I am tired of your insinuations."
Whereupon Judge Coffey interrupted
with "I can try this case without refer
ence to these personal matters."
Clunie proceeded to examine Bridg
ford upon the matter of Grant's em
ployment, and asked as a matter of
fact whether the Woodland Judge had
not been employed before there was
any contest, and whether Mrs. Clunie
had never really made a contest, but
had simply asked for a postponement
of her proposed claim for community
property in lieu of taking under the
will. He also asked whether Mrs.
Clunie's father, in her behalf, had not
first offered to settle for $50,000 and
then for $25,000, which Bridgford ad
mitted; but he declared that the pro
posed settlement was interrupted be
cause Andrew Clunle new Into a pas
sion when asked to sign an agreement
that he would not contest the guardian
ship of Jack Clunie. Here Clunie asked j
whether he had not prayed, almost on
his knees, for Bridgford to settle Mrs. j
Clunie's contest.
Bridgford, satirically, said, "If you I
went on your knees there would be |
holes in your pants to show for it."
Clunie retorted, "No, I am not In the j
habit of praying, or passing the plate, 1
like you."
White's examination as to the em- :
ployment of extra attorneys brought |
out nothing new excepting that Walter j
Robertson asked for $3500 before ac- ;
ceptlng $2000 for his services.
Bnrnctt'n Extract of Vanilla is the
best, perfectly pure, highly concentrated. •
BENTENCED tOR EMBEZZLEMENT. —
Arthur Loeb, who pleaded guilty to a charge
of felony embezzlement, was sentenced yes
terday by Judge Dunne to serve four years in
San Quentin. Loeb waa a salesman for
Fleischmann A Co.. SGB Front street, and on
August 12 embezzled $100.
For catalogues and general Job printing, sea
Gabriel, 419 Sacramento street, San Francisco.*
WANT ELECTRIC LlGHTS.—Merchant*
yesterday petitioned the Supervisors to ere-t
an electric light at the Intersection of Wash
ington and Drumm streets and property-owners
ask that two arc lights be placed at each end
of Lenders street, between Fourteenth and
Fifteenth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURTAZ
PIANO
b§|lß instrument
known all over >
m I Golden West as I
I the best in its!
I We have been I
I making Cortaz 1
I Pianos since 1851 I
I and have never I
I produced a disap- I
I pointment : : : I
■
I Sold on the Rent- 1
I Contract Plan \
I Benj CUHTAZ y I
1 I6.oFarreUSaX 9 fi
R , s*u> Jok fllenxda Jl
Eyes Itch, Blur,
Smart or Burn?
George Mayerle's Eyewater
CLEARS misty or bW-
ring eyes, strengthens
weak eyes, cures painful,
U chln B\ discharging, In
§MV33f j4 jured, twitching or sore
eyes aiul floating spots,
fecllusf like sand in eyes; rests tired eyes.
At r 1 bl i dru*gl:ts\ cr direc. from G v ge
Mayrle German Expert Optician. 10714
Market S. F.. 60c; by mall. «2c. MAY
ERLE'S ANTISEPTIC EYEGLABS WIP
ERS. -* FOR 25c.
avoid Injurious imitations be abso
lutely sure of the name "George Mayerle,"
and number, 1071 Vi Market street.
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR..
Finest Perfect-Fitting Clothes at
Lowest Prices.
201 Montgomery St.. Cor. Bash.
1110 gad 1112 Market »t.. ». T.
nDTTCUrO kor barbers, bak
□nU JllLu cr »> bootblacks, bath-
Viiwuaiuw houses, billiard tabic*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, pape •
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, st ,
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*, st*.
BUCHANAN lIM.
3rush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento St.
I