VOLUME XCVII —NO. 34.
CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE IS OPENED
THE California Legislature was opened yesterday without any display of that friction that usually accompanies the organization of great political bodies.
Within a short time after getting together the Senate chose Senator E. I. Wolfe of San Francisco as President pro tern, of the Senate. In equally quick time
the Assembly met and chose F. G. Prescott as its presiding officer. The day's proceedings were enlivened by a Struggle on the part of some of the solons to
reduce the amount allowed for patronage. The effort came to naught and the usual number of plums will be distributed to the party workers. The contest for
the Senatorship was enlivened by the entrance of Postmaster Arthur Fisk into the fight.
SOLONS ARE ANXIOUS TO
START TOGA FIGHT.
♦;
POSTMASTER FISK OUT FOR HONORS
*
Former Speaker's Appearance in Contest
Cause of Much Speculation.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-1
MENTO, Jan. 2.—The Controller Is
ready to audit the demands of the Leg- |
Islature. There is in the State treasury'
a sum in excess of $8,000,000. This is
the largest amount of money ever
placed at the mercy of a California
Legislature. Of the sum mentioned, a i
portion, amounting to $3,000,000, is in
the general fund and is therefore im
mediately available. A very large i
amount of the remainder will be ap
portioned, to the schools of the several \
counties during the present month. It i
if? said that the Senate was apprised of 1
the available wealtfi of the State when j
the majority Senators in caucus re- j
solvit) to appropriate each for himself J
a patronage stake of $20. It is figured
' that the cost of running the Senate for |
seventy clays will approximate $67,000.
This estimate is leached by adding!
$18,000 for statutory officers to the sum I
of $49,000 allowed for patronage. ■ No
.body* asserts that the Governor is;
pleased or that the representatives of j
the Republican State Central Commit
tee are happy over the action of the
. tnau: < auc us. Statesmen, however,
console themselves with the reflection
that the sum of $8,000,000 i 6 in the!
treasury and that a portion of the ac-J
cumulated wealth should be put in cir
culation among the people.
The Senatorial contest, compared
With former struggles for the toga, is j
tame and uninteresting. There is some
talk ol an organization of all the anti-
Flint forces, which causes the Flint
boomers to assert that here is an ac
knowledgment that the Los Angeles
aspirant is the leader in point of
strength. The suggestion of a caucus
of the antis" is inspired by the knowl
edge that the railroad end of the so
called "organization" is displaying con
siderable activity in behalf of Flint's
candidacy.
The railroaders say that orders have
been given to keep hands off as between
Flint and Knight. This peculiar in
struction is interpreted by several
statesmen to mean that the railroad
managers expect to round up the legis
lators for Knight and Flint and ulti
mately vote them for Knight. It is just
possible that Flint will get the prize
goid brick of the session. On the other
hand, it is said that the initials "G. A.
K." «re already engraved on the brick.
The balloting will begin Tuesday,
January 10, and the first joint conven
tion Of the two houses will take place
at noon Wednesday, January 11. It
would not surprise the politicians if an
election of a United States Senator
should be reached at the first session
of the joint convention. The celerity
■with which both houses effected organl-
Eation to-day in order that balloting
for Senator should begin at the earliest
time possible is indicative of a desire
of the legislators to dispose of the Sen
atorship quickiy. The Assemblymen
exhibited so much haste to-day that
they received in a formal manner a
message from the Senate before the
Assembly waa organized.
FISK IX THE FIGHT.
There are aspirants for the office of
United States Senator other than Bard,
Oxnard, Flint and Knight. The light
ning rod of Postmaster Fisk is visible.
Senator Shortridge and Assemblyman
Jones are In the camp of Fisk. Assem
blyman Samuel H. Beckett will line up
for I. W. Hellman Jr. Senator Welch
and Assemblyman Treadweii will sup
port John D. Daly. It is expected that
the San Diego delegation will vote for
U. S. Grant. A bunch of metropolitan
statesmen will name Ruef when the
roll is called.
No word has yet arrived from the
mysterious body politic known as the
organization. If the election of a United
States Senator depends upon the de
sire of that Intangible force the people
of California must wait patiently until
the word arrives to lift the burden of
uncertainty that exists and direct the
loyal legislators to the proper path.
Late to-night word was circulated
that over the telephone from San Fran
cisco the order had come that Frank
P. Flint must be clothed with the toga
at all hazards. All inquiries, however,
failed to give the report authenticity
and Flint not only denied that such
.was true but Joined with the. opinion
expressed by Knight and the managers
cf Bard that the so-called organiza
tion has agreed to keep hands off and
give every man full opportunity to de
velop the strategy born of his ambition.
KNOWS OF NO ORDERS.
"These reports of orders from San
Francisco are simply based on the
hopes of some of the political hangers
on," said Flint. "They have no basis
of truth. We are all fighting honor
ably and fairly, but I can say that I
think I have the battle won. Some of
my friends are sanguine that I will be
elected on the first ballot, but I do not
. claim this. I will say.vhowever, that
I believe I will be elected on the sec
ond ballot after those that desire to
indulge in complimentary votes deflect
to the avowed candidates. And in
conclusion I will say that this talk of
orders from headquarters is all mere
THE WBATHBR.
IVMMt made at Baa Eranolsco for
thirty hours nOtnt midnight. Jan. 81
Ban Praaossoo and vicinity—Cla*dy
Tuesday; light southerly wind.
G EL WTLLSON,
I Local Forecaster.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
rumors and will be indulged in so long
as men run for office in California.
But there is no truth in it. I have
heard nothing of it. 1 do not believe
it and still hold that this fight will be
fairly fought."
The serious hand Arthur Fisk has
taken in the fight has given rise to
much speculation. Fisk is now an
avowed candidate and says he hopes
to land in case none of the men now
prominently mentioned in the fight se
cure enough votes to elect. Fisk's candi
dacy shows that he thinks there is a
probability of a deadlock and he knows
something about the game of electing
United States Senators.
"1 am what you may call a receptive
candidate," said the former Speaker,
"I am ready to receive anything that
may come my way. My candidacy fs
purely personal and I think I have
enough friends to elect me if matters
shape themselves right. 1 am in the
fight in earnest and in case one of those
supposed to be leading in the fight does
not develop enough strength to win I
think I can get the place."
Fisk is credited with only two votes
that are certain —those of Jones of San
Francisco and Shorlrldge.
IN A RECEPTIVE MOOD.
Fisk's announcement that he is in a
receptive mood is taken as an indica
tion that he believes the forces that are
backing the southern candidates were
so embittered during the recent fight
there that it is impossible for a south
ern man to be elected and that all
northerners in receptive mood and cor
responding ambition had better get into
the field early. Some say that George
A. Knight is going on the same theory,
but Knight has another story to tell.,
Knight says that he is here to get
into the fight on the first ballot and
stay in it until the last and that his
claims will be based on naught but his
record. The story that the organiza
tion had sent out word that Flint was
to be the man Knight also discredited.
He says he has positive assurance that
the fig.it is open and that it will be won
by fair means, no matter which man
gets it, and that the scandals of past
elections will not be repeated. To sub
stantiate his theory he points to the
fact that the legislators are all un
certain as to what the outcome of the
contest will be. Those that are pledged
know how they are going to vote and
that is all. The others are open to f , con
viction, but in just what manner this
"conviction" will reach them is only
conjectural. The day of the balloting
will alone determine this.
OXNARD IS CONFIDENT.
Henry T. Oxnard had lost none of his
confidence. He says that as yet every
one is at sea and that the battle has
not as yet fairly opened, to say noth
ing of the claims of some that it is al
ready won. The votes will show, he
says, and we must wait for them and
on them the future campaign can be
based.
At Senator Bard's headquarters the
same calm assurance prevails. Sena
tor Bard, they say there, has repre
sented California well and it is not
Callfornian that he should not be re
turned and his course in the Senate of
the United States indorsed. Politics
may have some bearing, they say, but
the loyalty of the legislators to one
that has filled his office well is more to
be depended on and on this they are
mostly depending, at the same time not
forgetting that politics must be played
and the points of the game consid
ered.
In brief, the situation hardly war
rants speculation as to its probable
outcome. It is a big game these am
bitious Californians are playing and so
far it Is an open fight, with the best
man," whoever he may be, the prospec
tive winner.
Governor Pardee Will Appoint Judges
Early Next Week.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.—Governor
Pardee said to-day that he would ap
point the judges of the new District
Court of Appeals some time next
week.
"I Intended to go to San Frajicisco
to talk with Chief Justice Beatty over
the appointment of the appellate
Judges," said Pardee, "but I was pre
vented from going through the press
of other matters. I feel that the
Chief Justice should be consulted re
garding the personnel of the new
court, as the Supreme Court is direct
ly interested in seeing that it is well
organized. I will take un this work
early next week and will see that the
new court is soon in operation."
NEW YORK MAN SHOT
ON AUSTRIAN FRONTIER
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1»03. by the New York
Heraid Publishing Company.
VIENNA, Jan. 2.—Aurel Battonyl, a
well-known New York whip, was shot
in the left arm to-day %y Count
6f.echenyl in a duel on the frontier.
THE San Francisco CALL
APPELLATE COURT.
COVETED HONOR FALLS
TO A SAN FRANCISCAN
E. I. Wolfe Is Elected President Pro Tern. of
Senate by His Colleagues.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.—The Senate
is organized and the majority of its
members, at least, are happy In the
contemplation of the Joys to be found
in distributing $20 a day patronage.
The Senate went into oaucus at 10
o'clock to agree upon officers and to
settle the patronage question. The
question of officers was easily settled
and in half an hour Senator E. I.
Wolfe had been agreed upon to serve
as president pro fern. L. A. Hllborn
had been named secretary, J. Louis
Martin sergeant at arms, B. G. Holt
minute clerk and the Rev. W. S. Hos
kinson chaplain.
But the question of patronage de
veloped a minor storm. Fifteen mem
bers of the Senate stood firmly against
the allowance of $20 a day and pro
tested that $16 was liberal* enough
and that If the Senate would be just
to the interests of the State It would
reduce even this figure, making the
allowance $12. Senators Ward, Wood
ward, Belshaw and Hahn led the fight
against the larger allowance and held
the question from a vote until they
had thoroughly argued the question,
but it was without avail.
When the vote was called on the
resolution to make the patronage $20
a day the fifteen opponents stood firm
and voted against it. The economists
are Senators Anderson, Belshaw,
Broughton, Carter, Hahn, Leeke,
Lynch, Mattos, McKee, Rambo, Row
ell, Rush, Simpson, Ward and Wood
ward. Senator Lukens was absent and
did not vote on the question, but it is
understood that he was opposed to
greater patronage than $16 a day.
ORGANIZATION EFFECTED.
The opening of the Senate at noon
was accomplished without flourish.
First the roll of hold-over Senators
was called and then the names of the
newly elected members were an
nounced and they were called to the
desk where the oath of office was ad
ministered. Just in front of the desk
are three chairs that lent a somber
touch to the scene. These chairs are
draped in black and during the last
session were occupied by the late Sen
ators Hubbell of San Bernardino, Wil
liams of San Francisco and Byrnes of
San Mateo.
After the new members had been
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
sworn In a resolution that the body
come to order was passed and Senator
Leavitt immediately took the floor to
place Senator Wolfe in nomination for
president pro tern. The nomination of
Wolfe was seconded by Senators
Shortridge and Welch on behalf of
the majority and by Senator Curtin on
behalf of the Democratic minority of
Aye, of which Curtin has been selected
the leader. ,
Senator Lukena placed Hilborn in
nomination for secretary, Hahn nomi
nated Holt for minute clerk and Sel
vage named Martin for sergeant at
arms. There was no protesting voice
and they were unanimously elected, as
was the Rev. Dr. Hoskinson -for chap
lain.
MESSAGE FROM PARDEE.
A resolution was next presented by
Senator Ralston providing that a com
mittee be appointed to notify the As
sembly that the Senate was organized
and ready for business. President An
derson appointed Ralston, Hahn and
Emmons a committee to notify the As
sembly and Lukena, Rowell and San
ford were named to notify the Gov
ernor. In a short time a message
came from the Governor. It gave him
pleasure, he said, to congratulate the
Senate on the fact that it had organ
ized under such pleasant auspices and
he Informed the body that he would al
ways be at its service during the ses
sion so pleasantly opened.
Senator Shortridge presented a reso
lution providing that the rules of the
thirty-fifth session of the Legislature
be adopted as the rules of the pres
ent session, except that rule 1 be
amended so as to provide that the
Senate meet each day, excepting Sun
days, at 10 a. m., unless otherwise pro
vided. Word then reached the Senate
that the Assembly was not yet or
ganized and upon motion an adjourn
ment was taken until 3 p. m.
When rhe Senate reconvened a mes
sage from the Assembly was read, to
the effect that the lower body had
perfected organization and was ready
to proceed. The Senate, after passing
a resolution of respect for the mem
bers of the body that have passed
away since the last session, adjourned
until 11 o'clock to-morrow morning.
At that time it is understood the Gov
ernor's message will be read and the
work of the session begun in earnest.
UaUTDNAW GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA AND TWO MEN WHO RECEIVED
HONORS AT THE HANDS OF THE 6ENATE AND ASSEMBLY OF THE
GOLDEN STATE NOW IN SESSION IN SACRAMENTO.
Prescott Is Chosen Speaker Pro Tem.
by Members of the Assembly.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.—The amount
of money each Assemblyman should
have to make good the promises of
patronage given by him during the
campaign was the subject that most
concerned the Republican members of
the Assembly during the caucus prior
to organization this morning. For
nearly two hours the statesmen
wrangled. The opinions as to what
was a proper amount per Assemblyman
to be set aside as a reward for those
who had labored in the ranks ran from
$6 to $12. The matter was finally put
to a vote on a resolution that the figure
be $10. This met the general support
of the San Francisco delegation, it
looking as if $12 were impossible. Drew,
Rolley, Chandler, Cromwell, Devlin
and others battled for a six-dollar limit.
A viva voce vote was taken. There
seemed to be a shade of noise in favor
of the negative but Atkinson declared
the $10 resolution carried. The ruling
was reversed on roll call by a vote of
forty to thirty-three. The matter went
over until the afternoon session.
The caucus also voted for Speaker
pro tern., Cromwell not lying down
without a flsht. The vote was forty
six to twenty-six. Prescott was ten
dered some nice compliments by his
colleagues during the process of elect
ing him Speaker. He was named by
Walsh of Alameda,, a member of the
last Assembly, who placed him in that
list of "Stalwart Americans."
Stanton of Los Angeles said that, but
for the uncertainty of politics he might
have been the one to be seconded, but
notwithstanding he spoke warmly of
the many* good qualities that endeared
Assemblyman Prescott to the house.
Duryea of Placer eulogized Prescott
and moved the nominations close.
LONESOME DEMOCRATS.
A Henry Clay figure rose over in the
corner and made a protest. It was
Assemblyman John F. Pryor of Han
ford who spoke.
"In behalf of the minority of this
House," said Pryor, gazing proudly on
the three other Democrats who held
seats, "I want to make a nomination
for Speaker."
He named Aubrey F. Lumley of Tu
lare, who was a member of the last
House.
"I beg the gentleman's pardon,"
said Duryea, "for overlooking the fact
that there are some Democrats in the
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR—"OId Heldslber*."
ALH AM BRA —Gadski Concert.
CALIFORNIA—"Yon Yonson."
COLVMBIA—' 'Sultan of Sulu."
CENTRAL—"ChiId Slaves of Kew
York."
CHUTES—Vaudeville. *
FISCHER'S —Vaudeville. v
GRAND —"The Darling of the Gods."
MAJESTIC—"HeId by the Enemy."
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville.
TIVOLI—"KInr Dodo."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
"JAKE" STEPPACHER
OCCUPIES CHAIR OF
THE MIRUTE CLERK
State Central Commit
tee's Secretary
Mollified.
House. I withdraw my motion."
So the complimentary votes of the
Democrats, the lonesome four, went
to Assemblyman Lumley.
Speaker Prescott's speech in ac
cepting bore the stamp of originality.
He refused to take the ground that an
honor had been conferred upon him —
only a tremendous responsibility, he
said—and he asked the House to as
sist him in every way in carrying the
weight of that responsibility and car
rying out the wishes of their party and
the people.
"This session will be a historical
one," he said, "from the fact that the
burden of the responsibility of all Its
legislation rests entirely on the Re
publicans of ths House, with the ex»
ceptlon of four gentlemen. I do not
regard the election of any of us as an
honor or a rote of confidence, but as
the placing upon us of a terrible re
sponsibility by the people. This re
sponsibility now pertains In a greater
measure to me. I was chosen not for
the conferring of an honor, but ftor the
placing of a heavy responsibility."
STEPPACHER MOLLIFIED.
The complimentary vote for Speaker
pro tern. went to Hawkins of Wood
land.
Burge of Merced had a man for
minute clerk and would have taken
from Jake Steppacher that which had
been offered him in consolation. Burge
nominated George W. Donahue of Ma*
dera for the place and gave him his
vote.
There was a grave fear that Step.,
pacher wouldn't serve, but when it
was announced that he would have to
swear In before he could draw his $8
per, he moved up to the desk at a gait
that showed he could forget the chief
clerkship and devote his time to his
country in some other capacity.
The well-known secretary of the
Republican State Central Committee
was given a hand as he crossed the
floor and a responsive smile drove
away all outward evidence of any
sulkiness that may have lingered with
him.
Postmaster Fisk, former Speaker,
occupied a seat on the floor beside
Assemblyman Jones of San Francisco,
and whispered some instructions In his
ear at intervals.
The large percentage of old mem
bers who have been returned will
make the learning of the ropes easier
to the new men and will facilitate leg.
islation.
The Assemblymen reversed them
selves at their afternoon caucus and
Continued on Page 8, Column 8. ,2
JAPANESE WILL MARCH INTO PORT ARTHUR TO-DAY
TOKIO, Jan 3. —The terms of the capitulation of the Russian forces at Port Arthur were signed by the Russian and Japanese commis
sioners at 9:45 o'clock last night General Nogfs victorious army will march into the captured city to-day. While the terms of capitula
tion have not been made public, it is understood that, in accordance with the expressed wish of the Japanese Emperor, General Stoessel and
;the remnant of his garrison will be accorded all the honors of war. The capital is wild with rejoicing over the victory.
SIGNING OF TERMS
OF CAPITULATION
ENDS WAR TRAGEDY
Mikado Orders That Stoessel Be
Accorded Full Honors.
Garrison's Destruction of Warships De
nounced by Tokio Press.
CHEFU, Jan. 3.—Arrivals from Port Arthur estimate the total Jap.
nnese casualties during the siege of Port Arthur at 80,000. Of the Rus
sian garrison of 40.000 men only 5000 were fit for active service in de.
fense of the forts when the end came. There are 15,000 sick and wounded
in the Port Arthur lH>spituls.
PARIS, Jan. 2.—A Chefu dispatch to the Temps says the officers of
the Russian torpedo-boat destroyers which have arrived there report that
the entire town of Port Arthur has been destroyed, including the hospital
in the northwest section.
CHEFU, Jan. S.—Before the capitulation of Port Arthur the Rus
sians blew up the battleships Retvizan, Poltava and Sevastopol and the
protected cruiser Pallada They also destroyed vast sections of the re
maining defenses to prevent their luture use by the Japanese.
TOKIO, Jan. 3.—The text of General
"Nogi's telegram announcing the capit
ulation of the Russian forces at Port
Arthur is as follows:
"The plenipotentiaries of both parties
concluded their negotiations to-day at
4:30 o'clock (on Monday). The Russian
commissioner accepted on the whole
the conditions stipulated by us and
consented to capitulate. The document
has been prepared and signatures are
now being affixed. Simultaneously
with the conclusion of the negotiations
Tooth armies suspended hostilities."
Marshal Yamagata, chief of the gen
eral staff, under orders from the Em
peror, dispatched the following cable
gram to General Nogi:
"When I respectfully informed his
Majesty of General Stoessel's proposal
•'fur capitulation, his Majesty was
* pleased to state that General Stoessel
, has rendered commendable service to
his country in the midst of difficulties,
and it is his Majesty's wish that mili
tary honors be shown him."
'. . TWO HISTORIC NOTES.
I General Nogi's report of his corre
spondence with General Stoessel was as
follows:
"At 5 o'clock in the afternoon of Jan
uary 1 the enemy's bearer of a flag of
truce came into the first line of our po
sition south of Shujtghiying and handed
a' letter to our Bflcers. The same
reached me at J* o'clock at night. The
letter is as follows:
" Judging by the general condition
of the whole line of hostile positions
held by you, 1 find further resistance
at Port Arthur useless and for the
purpose of preventing needless sacri
fice of lives I propose to hold negotia
tions with reference to capitulation.
Should you consent to the same you
will please appoint commissioners for
•discussing the order and conditions re
garding capitulation and also appoint
a place for such commissioners to meet
the same appointed by me.
" 'I take this opportunity to convey
to your excellency assurances of my
respect. STOESSEL.'
"Shortly after dawn to-day I will
dispatch our bearer of a flag of truce
with the following reply addressed to
Stoessel:
" 'I have the honor to reply to your
proposal to hold negotiations regarding
the conditions and order of capitula
tion. For this purpose I have appoint
ed as commissioner Major General
Ijichi, chief of staff of our army. He
will be accompanied by some staff of
ficers and civil officials. They will
meet your commissioners on January
2 noon, at Shuishiying. The commis
sioners of both parties will be em
powered to sign a convention for the
.capitulation, without waiting for rati
fication, and cause the same to take
immediate effect. Authorization for
such plenary powers shall be signed
by the highest officer of both the ne
gotiating parties the same shall
be exchanged by the respective com
missioners.
" I avail myself of this opportunity
to convey to your excellency assur
ances of my respect. NOGI.'
DENUNCIATION OF STOESSEL.
General Stoessel is being sharply
criticized for having destroyed the
Russian warships, attempted to choke
•the entrance to the harbor of Port Ar
thur and dispatched the torpedo-boat
destroyers to Chefu subsequent to his
Offer to surrender the fortress. The
Nichi Nichi says that while General
Stoessel made a gallant defense, his
action in blowing up the ships after
he had offered to surrender leaves a
lasting blemish on his military repu
tation. His act indicates a want of
sincerity and leaves no room for an
extension of treatment of him com
mensurate with the reputation won
by the bravery and gallantry of his
defense. The Nichi Nichi contrasts
the action of the Emperor in directing
that full military honors be paid with
that of General Stoessel.
, The Jiji characterizes General Sto
essel's "Ttction as mean and unlawful
and says that it should deprive him
of any military honors at the hands of
his captors. The JiJl also revives the
charges of Red Cross violations at
Port Arthur and declares that no
treatment would be too severe in flx
iijp the terms of surrender. The Jiji
compares the action of the Emperor
of -Japan with that of General Stoes
sel.
PEACE NOT EXPECTED.
Count Casslnl Says Russia Will Fight
Until Victorious.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.—Although
he had no official news regarding the
surrender of Port Arthur, Count Cas
. sini, the Russian Embassador, had no
hesitation in reiterating what he has
repeatedly announced, that the loss of
Port Arthur would not have the slight
est effect on Russia's determination to
fight to the end. He said:
"Russia will pursue the war to the
end and the temporary loss of Port
Arthur, after such a valiant defense,
can only spur Russia on to ultimate
victory."
Kogoro Takahlra, the Japanese Min
ister, was asked to-night whether in
bis opinion the fall of Port Arthur
would hasten the end of the war with
Russia. Without directly responding
to the inquiry, he referred to the fact
that while the fall of Port Arthur was
impending and its capture by the Jap
anese inevitable the Russians had dis
patched the second Pacific squadron to
the Far East and notice had been
given of the intention to send a third
army to Manchuria. The further
prosecution of the war now, he said,
rested with the Russians. If they should
continue it Japan would be prepared
to meet them on sea and land.
"Will Japan now welcome any of
fers for peace that might be made by
Russia?" he was asked.
"Japan always has been for peace,"
the Minister replied. "The Japanese
always will be for peace, if Justice can
be obtained for all concerned. Japan
starte d in this war fighting for a prin
ciple and she will continue to fight for
the recognition of that principle and
the just attainment of her rights."
Concerning the fortress at Port Ar
thur, the Minister expressed the opin
ion that it would be so cared for by
the Japanese as to be prepared for any
emergency.
RUSSIAN FIRE SLACKENS.
Ammunition Exhausted During Final
Six-Hour B&ttle.
VNDON, Jan. 3.—Ttye Daily Mail's
correspondent with General Nogi says
the capture of Wantai involved six
hours of the fiercest fighting, while the
attacks on the forts to the southeast
were carried on simultaneously. De
scribing the final siege, the corre
spondent says:
"The slackened fire at points in the
northern and eastern forts seemed to
show that the Russian ammunition
was faiiing. Their position was now
desperate. Great explosions around
the forts proclaimed that the Rus
sians were exploding their magazines.
Flames and smoke in the harbor were
followed by explosion after explosion,
which revealed the destruction of the
Russian ships. The Russians also ap
parently blew up two of their own
forts. The battleship Sevastopol was
blown up, and the other warships were
destroyed aa thoroughly as possible.
The battleships Retvizan and Poltava
and the protected cruiser Pallada
caught fire."
WARSHIPS REACH MADAGASCAR.
Roje.stveiisky*s Division Anchors in
the Roadstead of Saint Marie.
TAMATAVE, Madagascar, Jan. 2. —
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's division
of the Russian second Pacific squad
ron, consisting of five battleships,
three cruisers, the transports Kam
chatka and Anadyr and the hospital
ship Orel, anchored in the roadstead
of Saint Marie to-day. The dispatch
boat Libau afterward visited Tama
tave to file dispatches. She rejoined
the division this evening. The war
ships are in excellent condition de
spite the severe storms they have en
countered.
Tamatave is the chief port and cap
ital of the island of Madagascar. It
is situated on the east coast in about
18 degrees 10 minutes south.
Saint Marie is an Island north of
Tamatave and not farSfrom Madagas
car. The chief town of the island is
also called Saint Marie. It has a good
harbor.
DETAINS THE ARDIA.
United States Prevents Shipment of
Submarine Boats.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Jan. 2.—
The situation to-night indicates that
the predicted hold-up of the German
steamship Ardla, with two submarine
boats, reDortecs to be destined ulti
mately for the Russian navy, on board,
has occurred.
Just after a pilot had boarded the
steamship, which was scheduled to sail
at 4* o'clock, a stranger, whose identity
was not learned, appeared at the ship
yard and a few minutes later it was
announced that the vessel would not
sail.
Information as to the cause of the
change of programme, the destination
of the submarines and the identity
of the messenger is refused.
FAMOUS GENERALS KILLED.
Kondratenko and Smyrnoff Die i n
Port Arthur's Defense.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 2.—Gens
eral Stoessel, in a dispatch to Em
peror Nicholas, confirms the Port Ar
thur reports that Major General Kon.
dratenko, commander of the Seventh
East Siberian Rifle Brigade, was killed
on December 18.
General Stoessel also reported that
Major General Fock, commander of
the Fourth East Siberian Rifle Brig,
ade, was seriously wounded, and Gen
eral Smyrnoff, commander of the Port
Arthur fortress, killed.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drugglsu refund the money It it fall* to cure.
E. W. Orove'e signature uon well box. 2Sc*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
SAD PLIGHT OF GARRISON
AT LAST REVEALED.
Without Food or Ammunition
CHEFU, Jan. 2.—Commander Kart
zow of the Russian torpedo-boat de
stroyer Vlastni in an interview to-night
said:
"Port Arthur falls of exhaustion—ex
haustion not only of ammunition, but
of men. The remnant of the garrison
left had been doing the work of heroes
for five days and five nights, but yes
terday it reached the limit of human
endurance.
"In the casemates of the forts one
saw everywhere faces black with star
vation, exhaustion and nerve strain.
You spoke to them, but they did nut
give answer, only staring dumbly.
"The lack of ammunition alone
would not have suggested the seeking
of terms. Scant ammunition had long
been common in the fortress, and dur
ing the past month many of the forts
had nothing with which to return the
fire of the enemy.
"The Russians sat in the casemates
firing not more than once to the 200
shots sent by the Japanese. Then when
the assault came they repulsed the en
emy with bayonets. But the men them
selves, Having existed for three months
on reduced rations, were so worn that
it is marvelous they stood the final
strain so long. v
BRAVE OLD STOESSEL.
"Yesterday General Stoessel would
still fight. His wound, which was re
ceived early in the siege, had been both
ering him. but his determination to
fight while one man stood had not been
diminished.
" 'But we cannot fight,' said his gen
THE END AT LAST!
'erals. 'Our men cannot move. They
sleep standing. They cannot see the
bayonets at their breasts. We can or
der, but they cannot obey.'
" 'Then you generals fight,' said
Stoessel, clenching his fists.
"He seemed fanatical on the subject,
but finally he was brought to see rea
son by the insistence of his subor
dinates. Admirals and generals, some- j
times with broken voices, urged the j
step which all had dreaded so long.
"I am sure Port Arthur would have !
sought terms a month ago had it not i
been for General Stoessel, who with
bulldog tenacity repeatedly refused to
permit such action to be taken. He had
told his Emperor that he would never
surrender, and he meant to keep his
word.
"The greatest loss suffered by Port
Arthur occurred a fortnight ago, when
Major General Kondratenko was killed.
Officers and men alike regarded him
as the brightest star in Port Arthur's
firmament. When his death became
! known, the fall in the spirits of the
soldiers was plainly visible.
KILLED BY BURSTING SHELL.
"General Kondratenko was seated in
the casemate of a certain fort, dis
cussing with seven other officers the
best way of countermining against the
Japanese, when an eleven-Inch shell
burst, killing everybody in the case
mate.
"General Nogi has taken Port Arthur
with his artillery and his tunnels. His
rifle bullets were seldom found to be
of use.
"We constantly endured a bombard
ment fiercer than any in history. The
Japanese periodically assaulted, and
then, if repulsed, they calmly resumed
their bombardments.
"We who came here to-day do not
know the terms of surrender suggested
by General Stoessel to General Nogi,
nor the answer to them, having left
Port Arthur even before the messenger
had been dispatched. The general im
pression, however, is that Stoessel has
proposed thart the army shall go free
and that he alone be made a prisoner, i
Even that concession seemed to wrench :
the sturdy old man's heart
"Whether or not the negotiations
terminate in an agreement on terms
of surrender, it is certain that Port
Arthur is doomed. We still have some
ammunition and some guns on Liaoti
Mountain, but that mountain is not
adapted for the be3t defense from the
land side, and the Japanese would find
Its capture easier than the other tasks
they have attempted. Tiger's Tail
Peninsula has to be similarly viewed,
and Gold Hill has been without am
munition for three months.
"Since reaching Chefu I have seen
that attempts have been made to make
it appear that Stoessel alone wished to
surrender, the other generals desiring
to continue the fight. This is a lie, and
it is based solely on personal dislike of
Stoessel.
AMMUNITION EXHAUSTED.
"It is a simple atory. Had the am
munition held out, the fortress would
have held out indefinitely. For months
we held Port Arthur by bayonets alone,
until flesh and blood could do no more."
When a man fell there was none other
to replace him. Thus the garrison was
gradually worn down. Two-Hundred
and-Three'-Meter Hill alone cost us 5000
men. The capture of that hill was
the beginning of the end.
"The Japanese artillery was excel
lently served. They had 400 guns bear
ing on 203-Meter Hill. They advanced
their trenches while their artillery was
shelling the Russians out with a show
er of metal and then occupied the Rus
sian positions.
"In personal combat the Japanese
was greatly inferior to the Muscovite.
One Russian could take care of three
Japanese in a bayonet fight and some
of our soldiers have records vastly
higher than that. The Japanese are
CITADEL IS D[TENDED WITH
THE BAYONET ONLY.
Foes Losses Are Enormous
good, brave soldiers, although I have
little liking for them. ,
"It has cost the Japanese 80,000 men
to take the fortress, while some say
they have lost more than 100,000. The
number of our own dead is not known,
even to the high officers.
"The fighting since August has been
merciless. When Rlhlung Mountain
was taken, 500 men occupying a case
mate were not able to emerge, so quick
ly came the Japanese rush. The Rus
sians tried to get out by the use of
their bayonets in the face of machine
gun fire. Thus every man died—trying
to resist machine guns with bayonets
alone.- The Japanese did not give them
a chance to become prisoners, but the
men would have preferred death any
way.
"Realize this end! Picture a fort
strewn with shells and you have a
picture of the end of Port Arthur.
FOES OCCUPY SAME FORT.
"One peculiar incident of the siege
was in fort No. 3, where for three
months the Japanese occupied one part
of the fart while the Russians occupied
the other. They fought ceaselessly, as
saulting each other and mining and
countermining.
"Once when a Japanese Prince was
killed the Japanese sent to negotiate a
truce in order that they might secure
the body from heaps of others which
had long remained unburied. The Rus
sians received the envoys courteously
and in an easy manner, as if they had
untold breweries working, gave thein
the last bottle of beer at Port Arthur,
with the idea of creating an impression
of plenitude. As a matter of fact, the
only real ration for three months has
consisted of rice, which ultimately
caused hundreds to fall sick of Icorbut,
a disease much like berri-berri. Last
month the rations were reduced forty
per cent.
"Nothing was thought too great a
sacrifice in order to Impress the enemy
that all was well inside the fortress.
"This is the first potato I have tasted
for two months—and is this really,
truly steak?"
CHEERFUL TO THE END.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 2.—ln
view of to-day's news, from Port Ar
thur, pathetic interest attaches to a
dispatch sent by General Stoessel to
Emperor Nicholas and given out this
afternoon. It was written on the Em
peror's nameday, December 19, and
was as follows:
"We are happy to greet our sover
eign and offer our respectful homage
to your Imperial Majesty on the occa
sion of your nameday from Port Ar
thur, which we have now held for eleven
months, with the aid of God and your
prayers.' The spirit of our warriors is
magnificent. To-day, on parade, the
resounding hurrahs given in honor of
our father, the Czar, testified to how
potent is the influence of your Ma
jesty's rule and our traditional loyalty
to the Czar, our father."
War News Continued on Page 15.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding PUea.
Tout druggist will refund money UPAZO OINT
MENT fall* to cure you In 6 to, 14 days. Mo,*GREAT VARIETY OF BILLS
AWAITING LEGISLATION
Numberless Changes in School Laws Desired
Senators and Assemblymen in Sacramento Prepared to
Rectify the Existing Evils.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.—At this ses
sioo of the legislature many matters
ol importance to the schools of the
r-'idte will be brought up. In discussing
these to-day Superintendent of Public
Instruction T. J. Kirk said:
"The most important educational
matters just now upon which legisla
tion may be asked are the following:
"First —Readjustment or change oi
method of apportioning the State school
fund. The basis for fifty years has
been census children without reference
at to how they are massed. Until aboul
UTS all school funds, both State and
county, were apportioned according tc
the number of census children, and al
that time a partial correction of the
method was made by a law, still ir
force and universally approved, appli
cable, however, only in the counties. By
this law the county school fund and th€
State school fund after It reaches the
county are apportioned according tc
the number of teachers or schoolrooms,
one teacher being calculated for every
seventy census children or fraction ol
seventy not less than twenty. If the
teacher or schoolroom is the proper
basis for the county fund, why is it
not also for the State fund?
"Legislation will be asked authorizing
the State School Superintendent in ap
portioning the State school fund to be
governed by a rule similar to that
which now governs the county School
Superintendent. The justice of the
teacher or schoolroom basis may be
fairly understood upon reflecting that
it costs almost as much to maintain a
school of twenty children as it does one
of forty. But under the existing law
the school of forty children gets just
twice as much money from the State
as does the other. In readjusting or
correcting this evident erroneous meth
od some counties which are now get
ting more than their share of the
State's bounty must suffer a loss that
others may gain it, and if it could be
afforded I would like to see the State
add enough money so that no county
would be getting less State aid than al
present. Yes. 1 am sure that $S 50 In
stead of $7 per census child would make
good the entire loss to the losing coun
ties.
$400 SCHOOL DISTRICTS.
• Second —A change in the law so as
to do away with what are known as
school districts. A school that is
worthy of existence at all should re
ceive enough money to maintain a re
spectable school. By these so-called
$400 districts we are now offering a pre
mium on poor teachers and short school
terms.
• Third—A change in the law so as to
require an average daily attendance of
eight instead of five pupils during the
school year to avoid the lapsing of a
s* hool district.
"Fourth—Restoring- to County
Boards of Education in counties hav
ing a population of 50,000 or more the
right to grant high school certificates
nn t xamination. In such counties high
schools and high school teachers are
numerous and a board quite as com-
I tent as the State Board of Educa
tion to determine the qualifications of
hit;h school teachers may readily be
found.
BURDENSOME TASK.
• . ' The work that has fallen upon the
State board and particularly upon the
office of the Superintendent of Public
instruction in the matter of granting
special high school credentials has be
come burdensome, and neither the time
lor the opportunity is at present af
forded as I think it should be afforded
a candidate for high school certificate
to show his qualifications by examina
tion.
"Fifth—Amendments to the County
Government act or otherwise provid
ing for deputies for the superintend
ents in a number of the large counties.
The best interest of the people and
the welfare of the schools certainly
show that it is not economy to deny
these officials absolutely necessary
"Sixth—Providing for a normal
school building in San Francisco.
Seventh—Appropriations to meet
pressing needs at the university, at the
■ Polytechnic school at San Luis Obispo
and due allowances for maintenance
and encouragement of the good work
that is being done at the State normal
schools.
"There are numerous other proposed
•educational measures to which my at
tention has been called and upon which
my opinion has been asked, as changes
in the hi&h school law relative to tui
tion fees under certain circumstances,
engagement of the teachers for the
ensuing year, if not notified to the con
trary by a given date; change of date
for election of srhool trustees, and
• ways and means for the Introduction
'of increased nature study or agricul
ture Into the schools."
BADGE FOR CHAUFFEURS.
Auto Drivers and Owners to Be Sub
ject of Legislation.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.—A Mil is to
•be Introduced establishing a State
license for automobilists, the license to
be general and to supersede the county
•licenses now prevailing. This bill, it
.Is said, will provide for a common
license badge, which, In case of acci
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
We Offer Our Entire Extra Fine
Collection of
ORIENTAL RUGS
ANIKURTAINS
25% DISCOUNT
li cm Regular Retail Prices
We are Sole Agents for John
Crossley & Son's Celebrated
English Carpets.
Chas. M..P!um& Co.
Cor. Ninth and Market Sts.
j dent, will aid In locating any offending
auto drivers and prevent the con
fusion that now results owing to the
fact that various machines now bear
the same number, the same num
bers being issued by several counties.
! The automobilists will also urge a bill
granting them the use of all county
, roads under certain restrictions.
| A bill that will interest every debtor
■ and every creditor in the State is in
i course of preparation. This bill. If
passed, will make illegal the assign
ment of claims for collection on com
( mission. To make assignments of such
claims valid the bill will provide that
| such assignments must be bona fide
■ and procured through the payment of
I a consideration without understanding
\ that such consideration is to be re
turned to the assignor in event of the
failure of the assignee to collect the
claim through process of law.
, It Is said that a bill will be Intro
duced repealing the statute requiring
; foreign corporations (corporations
! organized under the laws of other
States and nations) to file copies of
their articles of incorporation In this
State before they can prosecute actions
in its courts, and for the tiling of
which papers they must pay the same
| fee as that required of domestic cor
porations. It is said that many of the
I larger railroad companies will tight
: the bill on the ground that it is burden
some, the fee for a company capital
ized at $100,000,000 being $10,000. and
largely increasing with increasing capi
talization. There will be a hot fight if
an attempt is made to repeal this bill,
for Its repeal, it is said, will mean the
loss of millions to the State.
An act of legislation that will be
pressed by commercial organizations
and business men of the State generally
is for an amendment of the constitu
; tion in relation to the custody of public
moneys. First, the Legislature will be
asked to repeal the penal clause of the
law, which makes It a punishable
offense for city, county or State Treas
urers to deposit public moneys in
banks. The proposed act, probably
providing for a constitutional amend
, ment, contemplates that the city and
county Treasurers may deposit the
, money in their charge in banks desig
-1 nated for the purpose, the banks to
give ample security in the shape of
] Government, State or municipal bonds
or first mortgage bonds, and pay inter
! est on the deposits.
WOULD SAVE FORESTS.
Bill to Prevent Fires on State Timber
Lands.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.—A bill will
be presented by Assemblyman W. A.
Johnstone of San Dlmas, to provide a
penalty against setting out fires in
brush and timber on State lands, where
they will sweep into the forest reser
vations, and authorizing the Govenor
to appoint the Federal forest rangers
as State fire wardens, with author
ity to arrest violators. Statistics in
the forest rangers' supervisor's of
fice show that three-fourths of the
fires, and all of the bad ones, that
have damaged the forest reserves,
started outside of the reserve limits.
The bill was prepared by a committee
of Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
members and is indorsed by the State
Board of Trade.
Johnstone will also Introduce a bill
to change existing road laws so as to
permit a larger expenditure of the
road fund for main road purposes.
A State aid road law similar to those
in successful operation In New York,
New Jersey and Connecticut will also
be presented by Assemblyman John
stone as will a bill to change commit
ments of girls to State Reform Schools,
so that they may be held until twenty
one years of age. At present any girl
can leave the school as soon as she
become eighteen years of age with the
result that most of them immediately
return to the surroundings from which
they were taken. Another bill that
will be Introduced by Johnstone, if
passed, will compel commission mer
chants to furnish a statement of per
sons to whom goods are sold, upon de
mand of shipper.
Senator John N. Anderson of Orange
County will introduce a bill asking for
a graded salary for Justices of the
Peace and Constables in counties of
the fifteenth class in substitution for
the fee system now in vogue. He will
also introduce another bill authorizing
Judges of Superior Courts to allow a
certain per diem fee to counsel ap
pointed to defend indigent persons
charged with crime who plead not
guilty and ask for counsel.
TAX REFUNDING BILL.
Measure for Relief of San Franciscans
to Be Introduced.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.—Assembly
man Treadwell of San Francisco will
introduce a bill providing for the re
payment of taxes which the Superior
Court haa decided were Illegally col
lected In San Francisco. The drain
age tax and Montgomery-avenue ex
tension tax are included. All the
large taxpayers who paid under pro
test have had their money refunded,
but the small taxpayer, not having
taken that precaution, cannot have
It repaid under the present law.
Treadwell will also instroduce a
bill regulating the fees of attorneys
in probate proceedings. The bill will
reduce the present fees paid to ad
ministrators and fix a schedule of at
torneys' fees.
A bill making it unlawful to issue
so-called trading stamps will be
fathered by Treadwell. Such bills
have been passed In other States.
Many of them have been held invalid,
but Treadwell's bill Is believed to be
free from constitutional objection.
A bill regulating policies issued by
title insurance companies Is also to
be introduced by Treadwell. It Is
claimed that the present policies are
no protection to the property owner.
Marc Anthony will present bills
providing for the recall by voters of
criminal office holders, for State civil
service, and to increase the salary of
Superior Judges in San Francisco to
$6000 a year.
Senator Woodward will introduce a
bill asking for an appropriation of i
$50,000 for an administration build-
Ing at the Home for Feeble-minded
Children at Glen Ellen; also for a sun
corridor at the cottages recently con
structed there from the appropriation
given at the last session. He will also
Introduce a measure tending to clas
sify cities into grodps. in which a cer
tain amount will be necessary to
transact business as a trust company, j
This bill will be modeled after the 1
present banking act.
OLMSTED'S MEASURES.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 2.—The San
Rafael Improvement Club, largely
controlled by prominent ladles of that
city, has expended more than a thou
sand dollars during the last year In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
waging war upon mosquitoes, and As
semblyman Olmsted of that city has
a bill prepared to aid them in their
work. The bill provides for the or
ganization of a district something af
ter the manner of an Irrigation or
sanitary district.
Olmsted also has several bills of
minor importance, in addition to a
bill to perfect the title to salt marsh ]
and tide land and swamp and over
flowed lands sold by the State, and a
bill giving city trustees power to com- I
pel the filling of lots or lands on
which water stands and becomes stag
nant and a menace to health.
A bill providing that the State dairy
bureau shall furnish daily the mar- |
ket quotations on dairy produce for
newspapers desiring to publish same
will also be Introduced by Olmsted.
San Franciscans in Caucus.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.—The Sen
ate delegation of San Francisco
caucused at' 3 o'clock. Senator
R. J Welch was elected chairman and
Joseph Jordan secretary. After some
discussion the delegation agreed upon
a resolution which It will present to |
the Senate to-morrow, providing that
all proposed legislation in any way
affecting San Francisco shall be first
submitted to the San Francisco dele
gation and by that body presented to
the Senate for its action.
"Many outside county people imag
ine that it Is their destiny on earth
to interfere with conditions in San
Francisco," said one of the San Fran
ciscans this evening, "and we propose
to end their Interference this session if
possible. If the Senate will stand by
us and declare that we are to be the
judges of what San Francisco wants,
much trouble will be avoided, even
though it does deprive some country
delegate of the pleasure of posing as a
reformer, a promoter of civic progress ,
or the active molder of the policy to be 1
pursued by an imperial city."
The Senate committees have not as
yet been named. It is said, however,
that Lukens will be the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee. Leavltt of
the Committee on Election Laws, Ward
on the Code Revision Committee, Bel-
Bhaw of that on Finance and Pendleton '
of that on Corporations. It is the opin
ion that these committees will be
named to-morrow.
settled upon $10 a day per member, by
a vote of thirty-eight to thirty-two.
The Democrats probably will be
counted in on the patronage deal. The
San Francisco delegation has elected
Frank McGowan as its chairman. It
is probable that Stanton will be made
chairman of the Ways and Means
Committee. Walsh may be given the
chairmanship of the Judiciary Commit
tee as a balm for his defeated Speaker
ship aspirations, though Duryea It
mentioned for the honor. Other
chairmen probably will be Bliss, Banks
and Banking; Dorsey, Claims; Tran
sue, Commissions and Public Expendi
tures, and Slavin, Education.
The Assembly adjourned to meet at
9:30 to-morrow morning.
* +{
F. G. PRESCOTT
WILL PRESIDE
OVER ASSEMBLY
Continued From Page 1. Column 7.
KOSSUTH GAINS
AN ABLE ALLY
BUDAPEST, Hungary, Jan. 1—
Emperor Francis Joseph, King of Hun
gary, arrived here this evening. He
was met at the station by a great
crowd, which gave him an enthusiastic
New Year's welcome. The King will
read the speech from the throne before
the members of Parliament on Wednes
day. «
Count Albert Apponyi said to-night
that to-morrow he would formally
throw his lot with the Independent
p*arty, whose president is Francis Kos
suth. The news doubtless will cause
a great sensation in political circles
here, as rumors of the Count's intention
have not been taken seriously, but
only as a threat. To the Independent
party the accession of a politician of
the prominence and experience of
Count Apponyi will be a great gain.
He will take with him the members of
the National party, numbering about
twenty, and is likely to assume the
position 'of leader In the Chamber of
Deputies, while Herr Kossuth remains
president of the Independent party,
Politicians regard Count Apponyi's
action as a probable death blow to his
political prospects, destroying forever
his hope of becoming president of the
Council.
IRVINE'S ROUT
IS COMPLETE
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 2.—The devel
-1 opments to-day in the controversy be
tween Dr. L N. W. Irvine, the deposed
priest of the Episcopal church, and
Bishop Ethelbert Talbot of the diocese
of Central Pennsylvania Indicate that
the case of Dr. Irvine against the Bish
op has entirely collapsed. J. Frederick
Jenkinson of Philadelphia, assistant
counsel for the presenters, is said to be
on his way to Philadelphia with a
statement from Bishop Tuttle, presid
ing Bishop of the Episcopal church,
asking leave to withdraw the present- ;
ment and requesting permission to i
make a new presentment.
The vestrymen of St. John's Church, I
Huntingacn, Pa, held a meeting to- j
night and vtnanimously adopted a res
olution affirming confidence In Bishop
Talbot. A statement signed by the six !
vestrymen whose names appear on the :
Irvine presentment was forwarded by j
W. B. Bodlne at Philadelphia. It makes j
the specific declaration that their sig- j
natures were obtained by deceit after'
they had positively refused to sign a
presentment against Bishop Talbot.
Dr. Edgar R. Bryant.
Has removed bis office* to Jamee Flood build- !
Inc. Market sad Powell streets. •
CHICO ELECTRIC
ROAD OPENED
Citizens of Butte County
Town Enjoy Ride Over Line
of Diamond Match Company
CORPORATION'S GUESTS
Pleasant Trip Ends With
a Dance at Plant of the
Builders of the Railway
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICO. Jan. 2.—The Chlco electric
railway was opened to the public to
day, the occasion being - made one of spe
cial moment by the company through
, the issuance of souvenir tickets en-
I titling the holder to a trip over the en
tire system, concluding with admission
:to a dance given by the company in
the Immense planing mill of the Dia
; mond Match Company at Barber. Be
i ing a holiday nearly the entire popula
| tlon of this city and suburbs availed
I themselves of the opportunity, and the
i cars were crowded from the initial trip
; to late at night.
The opening of this road is deeply
: significant to the people of this commu
nity from the fact that in its equip
ment It compasses all the essentials of
the lnterurban roads of Southern Cali
fornia far beyond any needs for the
traffic of this section. The road is con
structed in the most substantial man
ner. Its rolling stock is massive and
of the most modern design. It is gen
erally believed that the near future will
witness the road's extension or connec
tion with an important system which
will open up a new and convenient
route to San Francisco.
The road at present has a length of
4.9 miles, from Barber, the seat of the
Diamond Match Company's plant, to
Sandy Gulch, two miles north of Chico,
traversing the principal streets of this
city and its principal suburbs. The
principal owners are the officers of the
; Diamond Match Company.
j* *
PROTEST FROM
THE ISLANDS
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU. Dec. 27.—1n Governor
Carter's annual report is incorporated
a paper on the coffee industry of Ha
waii, prepared by William W. Bruner.
Bruner attacks the commisary de
partment of the army in San Francis- .
co. He says:
Aa a matter of fact, the commissary depart
ment of the army In San Francisco. In Its
specifications for coffee to be supplied to It.
contains a Joker which absolutely precludes the
use of Hawaiian coffee. The specifications call
for samples of various coffees, including Ha
waiian, which may all be blended except the
sample of Hawaiian coffee, which cannot be
blenoed. This absolutely prevents the use of
Hawaiian coffee, for lt« is high-grade coffee t
and certainly cannot compete with similar
grades of other coffees which have the privi
lege of being blended with cheaper coffees.
This Is rank discrimination again*! Hawaiian i
coff«e by an important Government department;
In fact, to be fair to the Hawaiian producer,
as Ban Francisco is the principal market for
his coffee, the specifications should call for i
samples which must contain not less than SO
per cent Hawaiian coffee. While there ha«
been in Porto Rico, and to some extent here, a
demand that the Federal Government should
help the coffee producers In some way, either
by bounty or protection, they at least might
hope to secure the support of the Government
by the use of only American coffee In the army
ant navy.
The Hawaiian and Porto Rlcan coffee grow
ers are injured In the market which belongs to I
them by reason of the Immense amounts of
low-grade coffees imported. The competition
with the" superior grades they can and should
stand. Eliminate the poorer grades of coffee
and triage and prohibit their Importation t)y an
act similar to the tea Inspection act of IK')7
and the American consumer will get good coffee !
nolens volens and do the most possible good to
the producer of good coffee everywhere.
Secretary Atkinson of Hawaii, who is
now in Washington, has taken up this
subject jointly with Governor Win
throp of Porto Rico, and the War De
partment has promised that fairer
treatment shall in future be accorded
the coffee growers in Hawaii and Porto :
Rico.
SUPPOSED SUICIDE
APPEARS TO EXPLAIN
Finding of Overcoat and Satchel of
"Boy in Los Angeles Leads to
an Error.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 2.—Frank J.
Murray, aged 17, the son of Mrs. Joseph
Murray of Fort Collins, Colo., who last
night was believed to have committed
suicide by casting himself into the sea
from an Ocean Park pleasure pier,
solved the mystery of his supposed (Sis
appearance to-day by appearing. The
finding of his overcoat and hand
satchel on the pier had started the
story of suicide.
Young Murray explains that he left !
the articles unguarded in a street sta- !
tion for a moment and they were stolen
and by the thief must have been car
ried to the pier.
~—
YOUNG NEWSPAPER MAN
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
Huntley W. Caldwell, Fprmerly of San
Francisco, Kills Himself in
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2.—Huntley W.
Caldwell, a newspaper man, formerly
of San Francisco and Portland, com
mitted suicide in a hotel here to-day
by taking morphine. He had made two
previous attempts to end his life. Cald
well was a victim of the drug habit and
was despondent over financial affairs.
Be was 26 years old and had been en- !
gaged In advertising work on local
papers. He was married, but was sep
arated from his wife. His mother lives
Hi this city.
ASKS THAT CALEB POWERS
BE DENIED A NEW TRIAL
Attorney General Requests That the 1
Death Sentence Be Allowed
to Stand.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 2.—Attor, I
ney General Hays to-day filed a peti- j
tion for a rehearing in the case of ;
Caleb W. Powers.
The Court of Appeals. In reversing
the death sentence, ordered a new j
trial. The Attorney General now j
asks the Court of Appeals to reverse j
itself and allow the death sentence to
stand.
NEGRO YOUTH LYNCHED
BY AN ARKANSAS MOB
Taken From Officer and Strang Up ]
Because of an Attack Upon
a White Farmer.
HOPE. Ark.. Jan. 2.—White Jetton,
a negro, less than 18 years old, who,
with a negro companion, assaulted a
white farmer named Nobbs near
Spring Hill, ten miles south of here,
was taken from a constable and |
lynched.
FRIENDS OF GOVERNOR PEABODY WIN SPEAKERSHIP
FIGHT IN COLORADO LEGISLATURE.
DENVER, Jan. 2.—The cause of
Governor Peabody made a distinct gain
this afternoon, when the Republican
caucus selected W. H. Dickson of this
city as Speaker of the next House of
the Colorado Legislature. Although
Dickson has been a resident of this
State for three years, he has not been
active in the interest of any Repub
lican faction, but his candidacy was
pushed by the friends of Governor Pea
body, and his selection by the caucus
is regarded with much complacency by
the Peabody people.
The Republican leaders have not
yet determined positively upon their
line of action after the Legislature is
opened. It is possible that Harry Crid
dle, one of the three members of the
City Election Commission, may present
a report to the Legislature declaring
that there was much fraud perpetrated
in Denver against the candidacy of
Governor Peabody, while his two fellow
Commissioners will simply certify to
the election returns less those districts
thrown out by the Supreme Court.
The Legislature would then have for
its consideration practically a majority
and minority report on the result of
the election in the city of Denver. Some
of the leading Republican politicians
say that this will not be done, but the
attorneys who are handling the case
for Governor Peabody say that it may
be done.
Another plan that Is meeting with
favor among many members of the
Legislature is to follow the action of
the Supreme Court In reviewing the
ballots In this city. As soon as the
Supreme Court has finished with a cer
tain number of precincts the Legisla
ture Is to take them up and conduct its
own examination along lines similar to
those employed by the Supreme Court.
It would be months before the execu
tive committee having this recount in
charge would be prepared to report.
The Republican leaders have no hesi
tancy In declaring that the first thing
they will do is to unseat the Demo
cratic Senators, Born and Healy, who,
two years ago, were given the seats of
the Republicans, Dick and McDonald.
There are four other Democratic Sen
ators who may share the fate of Born
and Healy. although it has not yet
been definitely decided that they will
be unseated. The Republicans base pos
sible action in these four cases on the
public statements of ex-Congressman
Shafroth, who announced that 7000
fraudulent votes had been cast for him
at his election.
Third Term for Toole.
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 2.—Joseph
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Suits and Overcoats
on Sale for $ 6
The suits were formerly sold at $10.00, $1250, $1 J.OO and $17.J0;
the overcoats at $B.JO, $10.00 and $12.J0.
So large a reduction is very unusual—but we have good reasons:
We want to dispose of several slightly broken lines of tall goods
right now. ■
We want you to come here always for your needs in clothing —this
is a price to get us acquainted.
We want to give our regular customers a very unusual value in
return for their liberal patronage.
This is why the price is $6.00.
Don't judge these suits and overcoats by the price—see them—note
the fall patterns and winter weights.
See our windows —better yet, try on the garments—the question
of buying will be left entirely to you.
740 Market Street
K. Toole to-day took the eath of of
fice* for a third time as Governor of
Montana. Both houses of the Legisla
ture convened at noon. After the
members had been sworn adjournment
was taken until to-morrow, when the
Governor's message will be read.
IDAHO SOLONS MEET.
Witness Induction Into Office of Gov
ernor I-"rank Gooding.
EOISE, Idaho, Jan. 2.—The eighth
session of the Idaho State Legislature
and the twenty-third, including the
Territorial period, convened to-day.
The two houses met in Joint session
and witnessed the induction Into of
fice of Governor Frank R. Gooding
and other State officials.
J. Frank Hunt, Speaker of the last
House, was unanimously elected
Speaker as the result of caucus ac
tion. Further organization was de
ferred. The Senate completed its or
ganization, selecting Senator Crura of
Nez Perce as president pro tern.
The principal matters to com? be
fore fhiq session relate to perfection
of the State government, which has
long been restricted, so as to put it
oti a more modern basis, internal im
provements and vital questions af
fecting State timber resources.
HIGGINS TAKES OFFICE
IN STATE OF NEW YORK
Amid Elaborate Ceremonies He Is
Formally Inaugurated as
Governor.
ALBANY, N. V.. Jan. 2.—Frank
; Wayland Higgins of Olean was for
; mally inaugurated to-day as the
' thirty-eighth Governor of tht State of
[ New York. The ceremonies were elab
orate.
♦
Cutler Succeeds Wells.
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 2. —At noon
! tc-day for the first time in the his
; tory of Utah as a State a retiring Gov
j ernor handed over the keys of office to
his successor. Governor Heber M.
I Wells, the State's first chief executive,
: retired after having served two terms
j and was succeeded by John C. Cutler.
Both are Republicans. The State
| Legislature will convene next Monday.
La Follette Begins Third Term.
MADISON, Wis., Jan. 2. —Robert M.
La Follette was Inaugurated Governor
of Wisconsin for a third term to-day.
The Inauguration took place in the
Assembly chamber of the Capitol.
Chief Justice ''assiday administering
the oath of ofiice. The inauguration
was preceded by a military parade.
Bate to Go Back to Senate.
NASHVILLE, Term., Jan. 2.—Re
publicans in the State Legislature to
day nominated Congressman W. P.
Brownlow as their candidate for the
United States Senatorship. The Legis
lature is overwhelmingly Democratic
and Senator Bate will succeed him
self.
Knox Gets the Toga.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 2.—Phil
ander C. Knox of Pittsburg, the ap
pointee of Governor Pennypacker as
United States Senator to succeed the
late Matthew S. Quay, was unani
mously nominated to succeed himself
at a Republican joint caucus of legis
lators to-night.
Wyoming's New Governor.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Jan. 2.—Bryant
B. Brooks was inaugurated Governor
of "Wyoming- to-day. The ceremonies
were brief and were attended by a
good-sized crowd. An iuaugural ball
and reception to the new Governor
were held to-night at the Capitol.
Another Term for McCumber.
BISMARCK, N. D., Jan. 2.—P. J.
McCumber was the unanimous choice
of the Republican caucus to-night for
re-election to the United States Sen
ate. The caucus selection is equiva
lent to an election, as the Legislature
is overwhelmingly Republican.
Free Exhibition.
Mark Hopklna Institute of Art. Mural Paint
ings by A. F. Mathews. This week only.
Daily 9 till 5. •
Theodore Thomas May Recover.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2. —The condition
of Theodore Thomas, director of the
Chicago Orchestra, who is 111 with
pneumonia, was so much improved to
night that the attending physicians
said they had grounds for the hope
that he would pass safely through the
crisis of the disease.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.—The fol
lowing: Californians arrived here to
day:
At the St. James—E. B. Thomas of
Los Angeles, W. D. Creighton of San
Francisco.
34
marked that are absolutely the very lowest, /^j^^^^^^l
J) JJ t\% B week v at y 2^T ,no d UB £ -A.LHMKS RELIABLE JfT
C*s^^ /V * o'clock. a complete MAT M *T%\ w~"w* •T'WtC
fx ra salespeople have been secured and our delivery
Jgjm / b p e ro m r a a d? me of I P UONLS &TO\ service has been greatly augmented. I
f|f Wonderful Lace Bargains w ,^A? h Some Superb Embroideries I
j/" JL (Main Floor) 20-inch White India Silk—special, a ■ (Main Floor) >rmt__lL I
Torchon Laces—Just the thing for trimming your muslin under- 2 /-' nch White India—special, a yard Swiss Appliques and Trimming Galoons—Fancy embroidered and very I
I wear; from ito 5 inches wide; insertion to match from * white a pretty for trimming house wrappers and gowns; worth ioc a J'-fSX (Vv'lr^Kl
' lik \\/ f\ W |\ to I inches wide; worth 8c and ioc; special, the /* yard 40c yard ; special at IKyTC\\IA \/|J»* il
// i\ I I iL) 27-inch White India—special, a yard Edgings — Made on good quality muslin; with good firm edges and \\S&>§^ir\^f|
l& I lM\ Point de Paris and Double Thread Valenciennes Laces in a big CrVme White*Taffeta—2o'inches wide in a large assortment of patterns; widths from 2to 4 inches; j- \^JKf^^|
IwIT /A ! tfflm variety of styles ; edgings from 2to 4 inches wide, with in- —guaranteed—special, a yard. .SOc worth 8c and ioc a yard. Special, a yard J^EpEal
/fill sertions to match; worth 10c and \2y 2 c a yard; spe- c Cr?>me VVhite Lining Silk—2o inches Cambric Edgings and Insertions—From 3 to 5 inches wide; inser- I
1 17 cial, a yard DC ™ ]w "A* * tions Itol V* inches wide. In openwork pattern. Worth 20c aa a JPVs£ t
' ' FyVl*lh H f 1 W Normandy, Valenciennes and Point de Paris Laces, that wash ."" yard. Special, a yard I I
I \ m iLMsv 1 r anc * are use( * so mucn * or underwear trimmings; edg- I j n a n Cfziinnorv Embroidery Edgings—From 6to 14 inches wide; made on fine muslin '"^fi^jiK^
§ l'/JV w\ I ings from 3to 6 inches wide, with insertions to match; q Llflcfl Dial I Off crjr and cambric; with close stitched scallops; worth 40c and 50c sfzß
I \ffi\\\ V «§1 II worth 15c and 20c a yard: special at \*C (Main Floor) a y ar( j ; special at JLDC
. ..." I \0 LaCC Allo . vers ' to cov . er the en L il ! e waist; in three popular styles Sa t \ , " 0 th'ev°come 24 Cambric an(l Nainsook Edgings, in handsome Irish Point and Blind pat-
IMS —Point de Paris. Valenciennes ami Guipure; 18 77 sheets and 24 envelopes in a prettily terns; 12 to 15 inches wide; splendid for corset covers; worth hC r A
W^^^^^Tj^^y^^ IJfif inches wide ; worth $1.00 a yard ; special at IDC decorated box and are sold regularly 75c and $1.00 a yard. Special at. a yard
Venise Lace Allovers, that look exactly like Irish Point. They r :lt ?° c \ White Sale special.. ..25c Demiflounces—l6 inches wide; made on sheer Swiss with beading at the top
fifirffOTTT 1 " at a ii* 1 r -jx " . 1 C'Mirt of tlie Empire and ot tne , , , , 0 . ( /f ■ \\» '/••ir
ft *i ff come 111 Medallion ami lenerirfe patterns; worth tfjr 40 Netherlands—special linen—regu- to draw ribbon through; many styles in blind and openwork «jq // //.*/
. 1/ / $ I -5°- White Sale Special 4>I«10 larlv 40c. White Sale special. .25c effects; worth 50c a yard; special at ZI7C
•'; Sofa Cushions I Cuihion Tops . I Cows Cow* 8 ; Reversible Portieres Extension Rods I *f*«s** J^^M
" • g \ (Second Floor) (Second Floor) (Second Floor) very swell; special at 50c (Second Floor) (Second Floor) Sheer Swiss Embroidered sv&r
I/ ' JSSf&r \ Sofa Cushions, made of . ' „. .Pretty Roman Striped Cocj de Roche—entirely new in style We will give you your A big .shipment of splen- Handkerchiefs—very large Is|&N. /bP?
%U*ss A P re «y f«»* Cretonne; A great clean up sale of 75 c h Covers-50 inches jnd effect; shown for the first time: choice of about twelve pat- did brass extensic-n rods. assortment to make your
■ If* wth a double ruffle; they dozen Or ental Cushion wde and finished with special, a box.. «Oc ~ . fr ;««P -.v • . T . selections from. Some X^^OT
are filled with the best qual- T ff . . knotted fringe all. around. Kara Linen-125 sheets of good linen terns of bright, pretty str.ped with pretty silver ends. They have Valenciennes lace
I aJL ity floss and can be wa 'hed.| ops at tne very low price Sold everywhere at $2.00; a writing paper in packages; spexial reversible Portieres. A great extend to 54 inches. Com- borders, others hem- vs/
I Pillow complete /kO^»l To P s at the very low great value at... tff i\f\ at 25c white Sale spe- AOl plete with brackets.. j/J- stitched or dainty seal- !
• I "^t| priceof J>I.I/I/ Envelopes to match—3 packages tor cia] . a if H/C loped borders. fOl/.
P y* > ■ ... •••••• o< ' I Special at l£2l ■
These Values are Certain to Double the Business of all Previous Sales
Extraordinary efforts h ve been made to accum
Wash Goods
(Main Floor)
Muslin—White Muslin, a yard wide, and free from dressing, special, the r
yard
Other values at 6#c, 7c and 9c a vard-
Flannelette—It fleeced back and is twilled with cashmere finish. It will
not take lint nor wear fuzzy. .Worth a yard. White Sale /"
special, a yard
Percales—In various colors ; appropriate for wrappers, blouses, etc. Spe- Q
cial, a yard 7v
Long Cloth—English Long Cloth a yard wide; just the thing for f\r
waists, aprons and underwear. A piece of 12 yards for $l»Uj
Another erade at $1.45; worth $2.00.
India Linon— 40 inches wide, the real French India linon; it is close
■ woven and sheer; a yard » y
14c value at 10c; 19c value at \2}4c; 22c value at 15c.
Heavy Roller Toweling
This is a heavy soft finished roller toweling, 18 inches wide (twilled) ; A
regular 8 1-3C a yard quality. White Sale Special at
Huck Towels
A Good Heavy Huck Towel-With pretty red borders; nicely hemmed,
at S l /sc each, or a dozen $ 1 .OO
$2.00 a dozen Irish Linen Huck Towels—one dozen $1.50
20c German Linen Towels for 15c
Hemstitched Huck Towels (only 50 dozen), at 12K 7 C
Women's Beautiful Muslin Underwear at Prices That Are Near Cost
(Second Floor)
An unequaled stock of the mo>t beautiful and exclusive patterns ever shown in this city at the small prices we have m rked them. Not a woman can afford to miss this grand opportunity*
Serviceable Night Gowns
These gowns are made of Nainsook, with five tuck
m yokes, edged with fine embroidery around the neck
JM| and the wrist. They are extra full and 60 inches
J6Hjf long. Regular $1.25 value. White Sale Special
* Extra size gowns, made of strong muslin, with a deep,
fESffi/ square yoke, all over tucks and lined in the hack. They
are trimmed around the neck and down the OQ-
Rtt'j front with narrow embroidery. Special at..,.. OsC
» V \ Gowns made of a good firm muslin, with a double lined
\ yoke. The front of the yoke is made with 18 tucks,
finished around the neck and down the front with a
JI narrow ruffle. They have a deep hem and are 56
I I I inches in length. Regular price 75c. White JiQ r
/ I A Sale special TOC
Al l\ c aye at tn * S P" ce severa l styles of gowns; some
f\ \l\ /\l \ are tr ' mm ed with hemstitching, some with embroid
' cry and inserting; some are made of muslin, and others
of cambric. All are regular $1.00 values. Spe- £L\(\~
cial at ... Oyt
Ten different styles of gowns in low neck and elbow sleeves or high neck, ano
trimmed with Valenciennes lace, insertion or embroidery. They are all
new and very beautiful. The selling price is $1.50, $1.75 and f «>r
$2.00. Special for the White Sale
Men's White Furnishings
(Main Floor>-
Handkerchiefs—White hem- Night Gowns — Made of
*9ftr> stitched; soft finished; large white muslin; they have
JSF " size; half and one-inch hem; fancy fronts and are 52
V'/ regularly 8c value; OF, inches long; always sold
sc; or6{or at 75c; White Sale Spe-
Handkerchiefs — Made of cial at 65c, or 2 Cf 01
\ %Kf / P ure Irish Linen; nicely for .. J)l»£mJ
IB\I 1l / s t itched ; H* V* and 1 White Shirts—These include
WhfiL !" eh hem; , largC ff c; rCgU " all the best makes on the
lar 20c value; iaj4c; JQ market and all si.es and
JL-> /"llPLkr x? r ? tor^ V/j r sleeve lengths; there are
Night Gowns - Made of j and short bos
white mushn; cut extra full 0 bacU and front| open
a " d lon^: doube , seams back and open front only.
*™ u e h ° ut v re^ vu f larl y soc; Tnese are our regular $too
* White Sale Special.. J£ snirts< 3 for . . 75
PRAGF.RS I PRAGERS PRAGKRS | PKAGERS | ' PRAGERS I PRAGEKS I PRAGERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. JANUARY 3, 1905.
late a stock of table linens, beddre. curtains and wash goods
Unparalleled Curtain Offer
(Second Floor)
EXTRA SPECIAL —We have ten thousand pairs of these lace curtains—
tlv largest purchase ever made by a retail store in this city. They were
*ht direct from the mill. The values are so wonder
food that they will appeal to every one, especially *m
hotel-keepers. We have large numbers of each design, so
that houses may be completely curtained. A pair
Nottingham Lace Curtains—Our pr. ; ce is less than 5c a yard ; a won- *%C r
derful value—a pair ■KPt
(We limit 4 pairs to each customer.)
49c a pair for those worth 75c.
75c a pair for the regular values —$1.00.
95c a pair for Arabian Lace Curtains everybody sells at, a pair, $1.50.
$1-45 for Curtains, yards long, that are worth, a pair, $2.50.
$1-95 gives you your choice of $2.75 and $3.00 values.
$2-50 for White and Arabian Curtains, heavily corded. Worth $4.00.
$3-25 for $4.50 and $5.00 values.
Silkolines—Figured Silkolines. fully a yard wide ; regularly sold at ioc y
a yard ; White Sale Special f %
Scalfs and Shams —Scarfs V/ 2 yards long: squares 30 inches; some open
work; others blind embroidery. Worth 40c and 50c. Special at
Stylish New Skirts
Here is a plain skirt, made of firm muslin, with a
J&t* deep flounce, finished at the bottom with an extra
raffle; it also has a dust ruffle 4 inches A©-
JL.\ wide. Regular 75c value. White Sale Special iOQ
" The body of this skirt is made of heavy muslin with
\ a cambric flounce, the latter being trimmed with
three wide tucks and a ruffle of Torchon lace 3
inches wide; regular $1.25 value; special J^jJ^
We offer a skirt made of fine cambric, with a 20-inch
nlT^Tf flounce, trimmed with a ruffle of torchon lace and
insertion. 8 inches wide, that sells regu- a- <f
BUSSLWSmW larly at $2.00, for... 4>I.JT
Made of undressed cambric, with a very deep flounce
of lawn, trimmed with five hemstitched tucks, and
the ruffle of blind embroidery 6 inches wide; also
a deep dust ruffle; always sold for 4>* 7Q
' $2.50. White Sale Special J>l**JJ
Dainty Corset Covers
Made of a strong quality of muslin, high Jm%£§L
neck and tight-fitting. Regular q
price 25c. White Sale special... OQ
"*! Made of soft cambric, trimmed with a
very pretty design of Torchon lace .-^B^hiiii'iliiililTO?
ruffle around the neck and arms ; there / «^^^^^^H\
is one row of narrow ribbon drawn / \ |
through the lace. A fine 50c *\Ckf ( C \\ IU ! f/> j
cover. White Sale Special., • 3* >ok lu/d' / J I
I This corset cover is made of white cam-
I brie, trimmed with a dainty pattern of f
embroidery. Regular 35c. Spe- I
Try the 29c 4(% Ruchings J
j&W&tw 'EM
Cafe v|[y w^Ve" 8 "
(Fourth Floor) | X MARKET&dONESSTS \ ££V : 9c
'hat is without equal for quality and low Drices.
California Wool Blankets — A famii>
blanket over 2 yards wide and nearly
2hi yards long. Made of fine California
wool; special at,<a pair .... Cij^
We have other blankets at 4*2.50,
1*3.05. i*«.W> and 1*7.50 a pair.
Single and *4 Blankets—ln white 7C/«
or gray—a pair I «JC
Double Blankets —In white or tf4 C/l
gray .•.fl.lO and J> i.JU
Bed Spreads—Heavy honeycombed bed
spreads for double beds; always sold
at $1.00; White Sale special YSC
$1.45 heavy raised Marseilles; tf4 t\(\
special J) I .1/1/
$2.00 French Marseilles — spe- tt'f C/)
cial 4>I.JU
$2 50 French Marseilles — ex- 95
$4.00 French Marseilles —extra f5
Comforters—Made of nice quality of silk
oline and filled frith fine white 7Q/*
cotton; special at ...... I
S*l.lo for reversible Silkoline Com
forters.
Pretty Drawers
These drawers are made of a firm muslin, cut extra full
through the body, and finished at the bottom with a
six-inch* flounce, trimmed with a cluster of five small
tucks and a hemstitched hem. They are made on a T^w|\
yoke at the waist, and all have French seams. OC-
Regular 40c value. White Sale Special fc*/C /
Made of a soft finished muslin; extra wide through the f^V ]gr
body, and have a six-inch cambric flounce, trimmed hA/J^
with a neat pattern of embroidery 3 inches wide and a XjJy >w
cluster of fine tucks. Made with a yoke at hO A jrl 4
the waist. A regular 75c value. Special at.... *OC
Here are drawers made of a fine quality of cambric, finish-
ed with a full lawn flounce. Trimmed with Swiss em
broidery 4 inches wide and five tucks. A Cf\ A wJW
great value at 85c. White Sale special */l/C WW
In this line the drawers are made of soft cambric, and &m
trimmed with very dainty patterns of openwork em
broidery. They are extra wide in the body and C/l
-are closed. Regularly 75c. White Sale price....
Made of a very fine quality of cambric, with a deep lawn flounce, trimmed
with two rows of Valenciennes inserting and edged with a fish- C\ r
eye pattern of Valenciennes lace. Special at U^C
White Porcelain Dinner Ware
(Third Floor)
Cups and Saucers—Plain Breakfast Plates — Plain °- r^ffi
white, regularly ioc; white; regularly jc each; /
White Sale price.... DC White Sale price.... 1)
Dinner Plates—Plain White; L
regularly ioc; White |" Platters—l 6 inches long; reg- >"" =^
Sale price DC ularly 48c; White JC -
Platters— 14 inches long— Sale price £>DL j&r*~ ''T^J^^^W
plain white; regularly 25c; Milk Pitchers—Plain white; f jf"''
White Sale price., fC _ regularly 13c; White O-f f.
IDC Sale price OC }^^^^U
Milk Pitchers—That hold Slop Jars —Plain white; reg- «fc^^T2jf^
nearly three quarts; plain ularly $1.25; White OF. SSK^^^mSc
white ; regularly 25c; 4r* Sale price ODC jlft
White Sale price *DC Wash Bowl and Pitcher— i^L, v> : jp^v
Oyster Bowls—Heavy, plain Plain white; regularly
white; regularly ioc; r_ *$i.oo; White Sale fTQ- gKjIL *
White Sale price • DC price, pair DJ*X
. Specials in Bedding
(Main Floor)
Table Linens
Bleached Satin Damask — A pure
snow white satin damask—a yard m
Mercerized Satin Damask—ln the newest
patterns-r-dots, fleur de lis, clover, etc.
Special White Sale price, a yard
Damask Napkins — Regular Yx size pure
white damask napkins; a GC/*
dozen ✓»7C
Pure linen % Napkins — a tf*
dozen $K»£iD
$2.25 pure linen Napkins — a tf 4 i£jT
dozen $ 1 • V*S
$3.00 Pure linen Napkins 25
Turkish Towels — Heavy, big Turkish
Towels that sell regularly at Iflf
15c; special at JVC
12 hie for some a little larger and a lit
tle heavier.
15c for those worth 20c. •
J2se for real Turkish Towels, extra
heavy double thread and worth 35c.
Bed Pillows—A 3-pound bed pil- [IQ/>
low; made of good feathers.... iwt
A 3%-pound bed pillow; made of 7Ef<
good feathers a JC»HENEY RETURNS
FROM PORTLAND
United States Attorney in
the Oregon Land Frauds
C ase Gives Out Statement
SCORES POLITICAL KING
Says That the Revelations
of Conspiracy and Crime
Are Only Just Beginning
Francis J. Heney of the San Fran
cisco bar, the special United States At
torney who procured the indictment of
Senator John H. Mitchell and Repre
sentative Binger Hermann of Oregon
and the removal of United States Dis
trict Attorney John H. Hall, in connec
tion with the Oregon land frauds, re
turned to San Francisco yesterday. In
speaking of the cases involved, Mr.
Heney said:
Th» extent of the land fraud ease* la Ore
fon la tar greater than J Imagined, even after
learned the extent of the Hyde-Benson frauds
through my oonnectlon' with the prosecution
of that oase. Oregon Is under the domination
of a corrupt political line, which hesitates at
nothing to accomplish Its ends. Hundreds of
thousands of acres of the finest timber land
In the world hare been secured from the
United States within the paat fire years by
half a do sen individuals, through fraud, per
jury and subornation of perjury. The good
people of Oregon wUI be as much astounded
when they hear the evidence In the case
against Senator Mitchell and Congressman
Hermann as they were when they heard the
evidence In the case of Puter. MoKlnley and
others, which has already been tried, and In
which the defendants were convicted. The
case against Mitchell and Hermann does not
depend In the slightest degree upon the testi
mony of Puter and McKlnley. The evidence
la sufficient to warrant and sustain a
tton without placing either of them upon the
stand as a witness. I have firmly adhered
and will continue firmly to adhere to the
principle that no man ought to be Indicted
upon the testimony of an accomplice or of a
convicted person unless that testimony is cor
roborated oy other evidence as to svsrjr ma
terial Issue and circumstance.
The Indictments already procured touch only
ths edge of the vast frauds which have been
perpetrated in Oregon. The Orand Jury and
I have fully a month's work ahead of us and
X expect to procure the indictment of at least
a dozen prominent and wealthy persons who
have profited most by these frauds.
HALL'S REMOVAL.
I was reluctantly compelled to request the
President summarily to remove John. H. Hall,
United States Attorney for Oregon, for reasons
which I deemed amply sufficient and which f
will make public in detail at the proper time
and Just as soon as is compatible with the
best interests of Justice. It may become
necessary for me to request the removal of
certain other Federal officeholders In Oregon
before we complete our investigation, but I
recognize the grave responsibility which rests
upon me in making such requests and am
proceeding with the utmost caution and will
not ask the President to act until I am in
possession of unimpeachable evidence of the
Improper conduct of such officers.
In October, 1903. I was tendered a position
a* a regular assistant to the Attorney General
at Washington by the then Attorney General.
Hon. P. C. Knox, upon purely personal
jsi unda, and I declined the appointment solely
i*ason of the fact that I could not afford
sacrifice, my civil practice here by thus
. king my permanent residence at Washlng
> I> C. In November. 1903, Attorney General
Knox urged me to accept employment as Sfpe
cial Assistant Attorney General to prosecute
the land fraud cases In which Puter. McKln
ley. Ware and Watson had been Indicted at
Portland on October 29 of that same year
and I accepted the employment with great
reluctance because I feared It would require
my absence from my business here for the
greater part of a month. Had I realized the
amount of work and the time which would be
required thoroughly to exploit the land frauds
in Oregon I would have declined the appoint
ment on business grounds but. having once
gone Into the fight. I feel morally bound to
complete It at whatever sacrifice to my own
business interests, since It would be difficult
for any other attorney to pick up the threads
where I left them and secure equally good re
sults.
CLAIM SPtTEWORK.
My success up to tha present time in these
prosecutions is due primarily and almost en
tirely to the great moral influence which the
ruggedly honest character of our honored
President. Theodore Roosevelt, Is exercising
over the people of the United States. It has
reached into every mansion, home and hamlet
' throughout every State and Territory in the
Union. John H. Mitchell and Blnger Her
mann realize that fact and it is for this reason
that they are loudly proclaiming and vigor
ously asserting that the present attempt to
stop graft in the State of Oregon is merely
the result of a spiteful desire for vengeance
against them by the Hon. E. A. Hitchcock.
Secretary of the Interior.
It Is a matter of general knowledge In Wash.
Ington. D. C, that ths removal of Blnger Her
mann wss requested by the Secretary of the
Interior, by reason of the fact that, as Com
missioner of the General Land Office, he sup
pressed from the Secretary of the Interior In
formation which reached him from Arizona ex
posing the vast extent and character of the
Hyde-Benson land frauds. From that day to
this Hermann and Mitchell have been violently
attacking and abusing Secretary Hitchcock, but
the latter has steadily pursued the Investiga
tion of land frauds throughout the United
States and has earnestly insisted upon the
prosecution of all offenders, both high and low,
.without discrimination.
When I was first appointed by Attorney
General Knox to prosecute the Oregon land
fraud cases ths political ring at Portland set
to work to discount my efforts the moment they
discovered that I was probably the kind of
man who could not be handled. In pursuance
of their plans a letter was addressed and sent
to Attorney General Knox on December 10,
1908, abusing him for appointing me. This
letter was signed by both the Senators from
Oregon, the name of John H. Mitchell appear
ing first. From recent developments it Is ob
vious that the reasons given In this letter for
the attack upon Attorney General Knox did
not constitute the real motive which was be
hind tha letter. It Is quite evident that John
H. Michell then feared exactly what has hap
pened, towit: a vigorous prosecution which
could not be diverted or thwarted by political
or any other kind of Influence, and which
•would Inevitably expose his own connection
with the frauds.
REFUSED TO RETURN.
Senator Mitchell refused to return to Port
land as a witness In the case against Puter,
McKlnley et al., although in my telegram sub
poenaing him I explained the great Importance
and materiality of his testimony, and I only
succeeded in making the proper connection in
the evidence by calling Mr. Richards the
present Commissioner of the General Land Of
fice, away from his important duties, on one
hour's notice, for that purpose. It la claimed
that I flooded the newspapers with statements
that Mitchell was connected with the fraud for
ten days before he started for Oregon: but the
fact is no intimation was given in any news
paper through me. or otherwise, to my knowl
edge, that Senator Mitchell was criminally con.
nected with the frauds until the day before
he arrived in Portland. He and Blnger Her
mann returned to Portland of their own mo
tion upon the strength of a telegram which
Senator Mitchell received from Mr. Patterson,
ADVFJtTTSEMEyTS. _
pace Powder
BEWARE! .
m i sssssssssssssm Every woman who values her complex- 1
§ ,m ft fSV— JIM **>n is cautioned that the genuine Lablache g
■ P /UWWU Gtm Fnce Powder bea ™ the signature of "Ben I
I fV**** rM Levy " in red acr °ss the label of the btrx. »J
I 8 All otners are cou nterfelts and dangerous. «
LABLACH R FACE POWDtU
, , ~ is pure and contains no minerals. It is sci-
Bl c\ /i- r-> y entiflcally prepared to nourish and freshen
#9w EL Vf L.M the skin, remove all impurities and blemishes
m \y/\| Ikt/* an<i glve health and charm to the face of the
3 woman who uses it. It makes the skin smooth,
| clear and beautiful. Preserves a fine complexion,
S restores one which Is faded. Its peculiar perfume is
■ extracted from flowers and plants which possess antiseptic properties.
P Accept no substitute, Flesh, white, pink, cream tints. SOc box, druggists or mail.
I BEN LEVY & CO., trench Fer.'umers, 125 Kingston St., Boston, Mass.
GRAFTED WITH
RABBIT'S EYE
Effort by Unique Experiment
to Save the Sight of a
Young Boy in Philadelphia
DELICATE OPERATION
«> *
Three * Weeks to Be Re
quired Before Result Can
Be Definitely Ascertained
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 2.—Parts of
the eye of a rabbit have with skillful
nicety been grafted to the eye of a boy
at a hospital here. The patient is doing
well and the surgeons are hopeful that
with care the delicate operation may
save his sight.
Francis Smith, 8 years old, Is the pa
tient. While playing with some com
panions around building operations he
got some lime in his eye. Smith was
sent to the hospital. There it was
found that the lime had eaten into the
conjunctiva or transparent skin over
the eye. When the pain was relieved
the boy was almost sightless.
Drs. C. M. Thomas, Messeroe and
Speakman were called In, and the con
junctiva was taken from a rabbit's eye
and grafted on that of the boy. It will
take about three weeks to determine
whether or not the operation Is a suc
cess. In the meantime the boy's eyes
will be closed by heavy bandages.
the Collector of Custom* at Portland, urging: ,
them both to come to Portland Immediately
and defend themselves; as they were in danger |
of Indictment. Mr. Patterson certainly did J
not get his information from the newspapers, i
as he sent his wire more than a week before j
anything was published on the subject. More- j
over, during that week politicians had been j
gathering In Portland from every county In
which any grand Juror resided, and the pur- j
pose of their gathering is easy to guess.
After the resignation of Binger Hermann
as Commissioner had been requested by Sec
retary Hitchcock, and before the month of
grace allowed him within which to retire had
expired, he directed Mr. Muller, the chief mes- i
senger in his office, to destroy about thirty- I
five or forty letterpress copy-books, which
contained all the letters written by Hermann
to Oregon correspondents on either private or
official business during his entire term of of
fice. Many of the letters thue destroyed would
be Important evidence in the land fraud cases
now being Investigated. These books also
contained all the official letters written by-
Hermann to Arizona In relation to the Hyde-
Benson land fraud matters.
PRAISES DETECTIVE WORK.
The Attorney General is giving me his earnest
support and confidence, and without it there
would be no possibility of success. The great
est credit for the unearthing of these frauds Is
due to Special Agent William J. Burns of the |
Secret Service, who was assigned to the case
at my request, on account of the magnificent :
work which he performed In the notorious j
Dimmlck case in this city, and likewise in the
Hyde-Benson land fraud case. Mr. Burns is,
la my opinion, the cleverest and ablest de- I
tectlve In the world, and his success in Ore- )
gon in securing evidence has been phenomenal. J
I am classed as a Democrat and I have al- j
ways heretofore voted the Democratic ticket j
for President, but have Invariably voted In- I
dependently as to State, county and city of- j
flcera At the last election I voted for Theo- I
dore Roosevelt for President of the United j
States and I informed all of my friends and j
acquaintances that I intended so to do, but I j
did not announce publicly any change In my
party allegiance, because I was satisfied Cali
fornia would go Republican by such a large
majority that nothing I could say would affect
the result, and I further felt that a public
announcement might be construed by many
Into a bid for a political appointment and I
desired none.
I am proud to proclaim myself a Roosevelt
Democrat in every sense of the word. When
he was Police Commissioner of New York
City I openly avowed that if he ever was nom
inated for the Presidency I would vote for
him, and I rejoice in having had the opportu
nity to do so. I feel highly honored by being
trusted with the responsibility of aiding him
In his sturdy efforts to stamp out graft at
any cost and to establish a higher ideal of
American manhood In public office. In my
opinion he Is the greatest exemplar this coun
try has ever had of the Jeffersonlan doctrine
that "a public office is a public trust."
I make this public statement at this Mime
because I believe the people generally are en
titled to be taken into my confidence to this '
extent,, as we cannot hope to succeed in prose- ■
cutlons of this magnitude unless a wholesome |
public aentlment eustains us. Hereafter I shall '
let the evidence produced and my conduct of I
the case speak for themselves.
SECRETARY OF PORTLAND
GRAND JURY IN JAIL
Man Prominent In Land Fraud Case
Beats His Wife in the
Street,
PORTLAND, Jan. 2.—Scandals in
the Federal Grand Jury, having In
charge the hearing of the land frauds,
terminated to-night in the arrest of
Carl Phelps, secretary of the body,
who was locked up in the city Jail on
a charge of being drunk and disor
derly. When seen by a policeman he
was beating his wife on Morrison
street. Portland's main thoroughfare,
and a large crowd had gathered to
witness the fight.
Policeman Austin was obliged to
call upon a citizen to assist him in
taking Phelps and his wife to the cen
tral station, where he was locked up
without ball. He fought furiously all
the way.
Questions put to Phelps and his
wife by Captain Moore developed the
fact that money that was to have been
used for the purchase of transporta
tion had been spent for liquor, and
they were without funds. As secre
tary Phelps possesses all the infor
mation that has been before the Grand
Jury, and Is liable to severe punish
ment for his conduct. This Is the sec
ond scandal in the Grand Jury.
MITCHELL GETS A TIP.
Invited to Stay Away From Senate Till
Cleared of Charges.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.—Senator
John H. Mitchell of Oregon, who has
been indicted by the Federal Grand
Jury in Oregon for an alleged consplr
acy In land frauds perpetrated in that
State, has been given an intimation
that it will be best for him to remain
away from the Senate chamber until
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
PRAGERS I PRAGERS j PRAGERS I PRAGERS j PRAGERS
Bright as the Noonday Sun
A really marvelous light —the brightest, the simplest and the most easily managed of any. It
" burns eight parts of air to one of gas, thereby reducing your gas bills one-half and giving at the same
JjP time over four times the light you get from any other burner. Every Block light is guaranteed to pro-
;;s
Opal Shade The vital principle of the Block light lies in the commingling y/^V^
Complete $f.75 of £ as and air - Producing perfect combustion. Its construction / / ///f/mh "I V\\ Oomeaad.ee
is simple. There is a check which regulates the flow of gas and an ******
fthe air. The degree of brilliancy of depends upon the
perfection of this mixture. An air shutter regulates the flow of ga3 ' ™ "** ~
to the burner.
Block Mantles Block Glassware Block Lights
They .are made of specially l assv ~ re used on the DIOCK Are never sold for less than $1.25
heavy texture and very much c g a ssware use on c Appears on the mant i e an( j burner. p or t hj s you get everything corn
tougher than mantles ordinarily in Block light is made in Germany and None Other Genuine plete.
Opal Shade Tl,e J' wi ;; notonl y° u,kthe is the highest standard of glass- p . ; mantle A Burner, a Shade
* m i« I- ordinary mantle many times over, b rncesi x mantle . *JC " J v J.
Complete $1.25 but win produce the whitest quality ware made in the world. It is de- xx mantle 35c an<l a Mantle
of light. signed especially for this light. xxx mantle 50c Ready to be attached.
F There will be Tt I The Block Light
y Will actually pay for itself in a surprisingly short
TO Something Doing 9 ' MA ft S ttX"™*™ a^? c you
gjSf On every purchase of JL % \s The Block Light
Ssg!fj/ # ▼ ▼ C Is sold witn a P ositive g" arante e to perfect
T§7 Blntk Liflhfc I B .— - satisfaction or money refunded.
Complete Made tO-day. W JUfARKFT*™ t IfINFS &T!£ ■ Is not an e *P ensc ' but an absolute economy; sav
-75 (Third Floor) A M **9* M -* Ma * M ***** TJ/V w****- j ng gas b ji} s as we ll as your eyes.
BOUNDLESS FUN
AT THE CENTRAL
"Child Slaves of New York"
Keeps the Audience in
Good Humor for Hours
They may talk about Port Arthur,
but give me New York every time
when it comes to shooting. If you care
for conviction on this point take in
"The Child Slaves of New York" up at
the Central this week. The drama Is
by Howard Hall, but the gun's the
thing. Three shots a minute, and the
play Is yours. They all go a-gunnlng
In It. There is even a girl behind the
gun. Lavishly they always do things
up at the Central, but the waste, the
splendiferous, gorgeous waste of pow
der here! It suggests Christmas sales.
It shrieks of the bargain counter. Or,
one wonders again, if Gadski's hus
band, Mr. Tauscher, who Is here to pro
mote the introduction of foreign bodies
into your enemy's—most ancient and
honorable of professions—marked down
some damaged goods.
Pistols only, and one could have kept
one's mouth shut. But when It comes
to Gat ling guns! It did come there in
the third act. It got there, too, by what
kept at least one hardened playgoer on
a continuous performance grin. You
see, the play does not run much to the
child slaves. However, they are all
there, with an Imported Fagln, who
teacnes them to steal. But the drama
concerns Itself mostly with a detec
tive that—as the boy behind said—
"has Sherlock Holmes skinned and eat
en." He has. For sheer Johnny-on-the
spotness Homer Sherwood has any one
you will remember "skinned."
A good many of us have wondered
what kept Herschel Mayall In Central
melodrama. See him this week as the
detective and wonder no longer. The
fun is worth twice the salary. Dis
guised as a "Caramba!" dago, as his
own father, as a tailor's dummy, as a
Klondiker, as a Hebrew peddler and
such, Mr. Mayall has about all the
fun coming to any one In this Ibsen
epoch. Seriously, Mr. Mayall does some
stunning bits of character work here,
and when, after he has climbed Sown
the burning building In which the vil
lains have caged him, pulled out his
pistol to shoot the big villain, who still
pursues, and finds there isn't a shot
left, the house Is one groan. And here
Is where the Gatllng comes In. A police
boat manned by three "coppers" and
an Indian, with a huge, glided Gatling
gun snapshotting at the villain, bursts
upon the scene just as—you know the
rest.
Danny Halifax as the detective's of
fice boy, Butts, seemed to have just as
good a time as Mr. Mayall only not so
many shots. James Corrlgan's Fagln—
he has been cleared of charges made
against him. Senator Mitchell has left
Portland for this city, but It is prob*
able that in view of the intimation
given him he will not attend the ses
sions of the Senate, which will be re
sumed Wednesday.
Senator Mitchell's position is similar
to one in which Senator Burton of
Kansas was placed after his indict
ment on the charge of using his offi
cial position to aid a "get-rich-quick"
concern in St. Louis. From the day
of his Indictment up to the present
time Mr. Burton has absented himself
from the Senate chamber, and has not
attended any meetings of committee*
of which he is a member
Abraham Levy, they call him—was
shotless, but an entirely successful
Hebrew. Julia Blanc was a clever
shot as Biddie O'Moore and an excel
lent Irishwoman. Henry Shumer and
Lloyd Edwards mostly handled knives
as the Gaspetti brothers, but received
none tho fewer hisses on that account.
Pryse Mackaye was the villain. He
fired the first shot.
Miss Myrtle Vane is the other lady
trusted with a gun. As Miss Junie
Hart, a "lady reporter" of peculiar
habits and straight aim. Miss Vane
was quite acceptable. Edna Ellsmere
is the adventuress, Ethel Clifton the
heroine and Baby Martine the leading
infant. All fill In cleverly.
I But if you wish to laugh see' "The
Child Slaves of New York." There
Isn't a chink in it for a yawn. >
BLANCHjj PARTINGTON.
Majestic.
"Held by the Enemy" ought to serve
to hold the friends of the Majestic for
the coming week. It made a promising
start yesterday with a special holiday
matinee and an evening performance,
both of which drew a good crowd.
There is much in the play to satisfy
the lovers of military heroics, with a
sop to the romantic who like to see love
get the best of duty now and then,
even in the disguise in which Gillette
puts it forth. And there is something
to weep for. If the story and the ac
tion do not produce tears there is pow
der smoke enough in the third of the
five acts to bring water to the dryest
eye. The laugh or two through the
serious parts of the piece are to be
charged to the clever efforts of Harry
Mestayer as Thomas Henry Bean,
"Special for Leslies," and in the last
act, where war is forgotten, his fun
blossoms with that of Elsie Esmond,
the Susan McCreery of the story. How
ard Gould frequently has the center of
the stage as Colonel Charles Prescott,
hero and lover, while J. H. Gilmour's
appearances are limited to four' brief
shows of his person, once dead, and
three times able to use voice and eyes
to captivating advantage. Adele Block
was a satisfactory Rachel McCreery
from the "suppressed emotion" point of
view, but she might do more and hurt
the part less. A part of the applause
was meritoriously bestowed upon
George Woodward, who portrayed a
typical Uncle Rufus.
Tivoli.
The last performance of "King
Dodo" will be given on Sunday even
ing. The Tivoli will then close until
the following Wednesday evening,
when the grand opera season will
open at this theater. Three days will
be devoted to the final rehearsals and
preparations on the part of the hig
organization. The members of tne
Grand Opera Company are now on
their way from Mexico to this city,
and will arrive here the* end of this
week. )
The sale of reserved seats for the
first week of the grand opera season
will begin, at the box office next
Thursday morning. The prices will
range from 50 cents to $2. The first
opera to be Rtit on has not yet been
decided, the choice for the opening
night lying between three very strong
works of the company's repertoire.
Columbia.
"The Sultan of Sulu" will continue
to reign merrily at the Columbia
Theater up to and including next Sun
*day night. The George Ade musical
satire has fulfilled every expectation
as to book and music and company
and production. The tragic story of
"Salammbo," as prepared for the
stage by Stanislaus Stange from Flau
bert's celebrated novel will be the
vehicle for the appearance of Freder
ick Warde and Kathryn Kidder at this
theater next Monday night. It is a
spectacular production, and one of the
most acceptable attractions offered
here In months. The Columbia man
ROSE FESTIVAL
AT PASADENA
Tournament of Flowers Held
on More Elaborate Scale
Than Ever Before in City
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2.—Under the
most auspicious weather conditions
imaginable and in the presence of a
great throng of 60,000 people, Pasadena
to-day held her seventeenth annual
New Year's feast of flowers, the cele
brated "Tournament of Roses." Never
before in the history of this novel mid
winter carnival has such a magnificent
display of floral decorations been seen
as that afforded to-day.
The parade of gorgeously decorated
floats, chariots, carriages and automo
biles followed the general lines of
former years, except that the use of
flowers was even more profuse and
the decorations more elaborate- than
ever.
The city itself was splendldlyi ar
rayed for the occasion, the scheme of
floral decorations being carried out
throughout the entire city. A series
of beautiful canopies and triumphal
arches embellished the principal
thoroughfares, through which the pa
rade wended between the long lines of
thousands of spectators. The pageant
passed in review before the stand of
the Judges and then proceeded on to
Tournament Park, where the afternoon
festivities were held.
Chariot races were the principal at
traction at the park, supplemented by
motorcycle races and other contests.
The celebration was concluded this
evening by a grand concert at the
Lowe Opera House and a ball at the
Hotel Maryland.
agement announces that owing to the
engagement being limited to one week
there will be matiness on Wednesday
and Saturday of next week.
The Chutes.
"Princess Fantan," the delightful
Japanese musical extravaganza, was
played to two packed houses at the
Chutes yesterday after a most suc
cessful holiday run and, this after
noon the regular high-class specialty
entertainments, for which the Chutes
is renowned, will be resumed. Among
the new vaudeville people will be the
four Gordons, phenomenal acrobats:
Dan Russell and Blanche O'Neil, an
Irish comedy duo, presenting their
original absurdity, "Sullivan, the
Coachman"; the Burton bell ringers,
musical entertainers of renown; Eld
ridge, who makes portraits and paint
ings in sand, and Sallie Randall, a ver
satile and vivacious singing soubrette.
The American blograph and also the
animatoscope will show the latest
novelties in moving pictures and the
amateurs will appear on Thursday
night. _
Grand.
Blanche Bates in "The Darling of
the Gods" continues to win praise at
the Grand Opera-house and nightly
the seats are tested to their limit.
Fischer's.
The bill offered this week at Fisch
er's Is one of unusual merit and the
fact is attested by the large audiences
that attend the performances.
Alcazar.
"Old Heidelberg" still continues to
draw full houses at the Alcazar.
SOROSIS CLUB
DOES HONOR TO
CLEVER ARTIST
By Sally Sham.
A right royal time was on at the
Sorosis Club yesterday afternoon, when
it played host—or is It hostess?—at a
reception in honor of Mrs. Sarah Ben
der de Wolf, the clever artist, who
puts on canvas flowers and fruits so
you can feel them, drink their breath
and all but eat them.
The clubrooms were made glad with
a forest of ferns, pepper branches and
the radiant poinsettia, and in the hall,
where the receiving party stood, a
crackling Are sputtered on the hearth.
It assuredly was the reception com
mittee's busy day, but a charming co
terie It was—and right smartly gown
ed. Among them were Mrs. A. H. Vail,
the president of the club; Mrs. J. J.
Brice, Mrs. F. A. Wood, Mrs. G. J.
Bucknall, Mrs. Adele Brooks, Mrs. L.
L. Dunbar, Mrs. J. Fennimore and Mrs.
W. J. Landers.
During the afternoon over 400 guests
called," among them a lot of charming
men—verily, the men of San Francisco
are becoming more and mgre social
creatures. In the new year may they
give less tfme to grubbing and more to
social amenities'. Amen! And thus
will the world be happier.
On the walls of the clubrooms were
displayed the pictures of Mrs. de Wolf,
which rank with anything done in the
West, in the line of flowers and fruit
portraiture. A pleasant feature of the
exhibit was the sale of two of the
largest canvases, a rose picture and an
exquisite production of grapes, red,
amber and luscious —the delight of the
disciples of Omar Khayyam. The pic
tures will be on exhibition at the club
rooms for the rest of the week, during
which they will lie, seen by many times
400—the aggregate of the admiring
throng of yesterday.
Superb music from a stringed or
chestra accompanied the chatter—a
wicked thing, too, for melody of that
type should win silence and the atten
tion that cqmes of appreciation.
• • •
The Charming Auxiliary held a
meeting yesterday afternoon in the
parlors of the Unitarian church and
the discourse offered was one of the
most instructive and entertaining ever
presented by this club. Henry Payot
gave a very interesting and concise ac
count of Oriental cities. Mr. Payot
DeUfhtfaHy k%Ttlt Cootlsg «<? Stops ttcfctag instantly.
NEWBRXVS Herpicide
Til* ORIGINAL remedy that • kHis the Dsadrulf Otm."
GOING"!
A stiIAIVI'O tAf Irr fsmllv.becausedandruffl«a contagious
M IYIMIM W Wirt First Is Infccrljn. then after weeks or months dand-
It Is the duty of some wives to patch and darn the ruff appears, followed by HcWne scalp and falling
family's wearing apparel, but when the natural hair. Newbros Herpicktt kills the germ and
covering on Dubbys crown wears through, it curat every stage of this **«:ept enronte
shows that the "stitch In time' was neglected. baldness. Msrvelou* results follow ttt use. Aa
Every wtfe should be "scalp Inspector" to the exquisite hair dressing. «
Bn|sHmsl.oa STO 19c, SUMS, t» bWICIDE CO, 9e»t H, Ostn*. Wei., Hr ? Uf*sl
APgT.IOATT.OBTB AT FmOamPfEITT BABBBS SKOPB.
"SULTAN OF SULU" COMPANY
GIVES CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL
Stage of Columbia Theater Is Scene
of Merry-Making and Yaude
_ ville Performance.
The "Sultan of'Sulu" company gave
a Christmas festival at the close of the
performance at the Columbia
last night,. It consisted of a minstrel
first part, followed by a vaudeville en*
tertalnment. Every number was re
ceived with great applause. Waltei
A. Lawrence acted as master of cere
monies.
Following the entertainment came a
Christmas tree, on which were pres
ents for every member of the com
pany. The festivities closed with a
fine supper, enlivened by three cases
of champagne, the gift of Ned Green
way. -«
The guests of the occasion were
Blanche Bates and her company from
the Grand Opera-house and the mem*
bers of the Tivoli Opera-house com
pany.
The affair was a great success in
every particular.
Dies in Lodging-House.
Andrew Peter Paulson yesterday en
tered a lodging-house at 1116 Mission
street, rented a room and was found
dead several hours afterward. Dr.
Alfred Newman pronounced the ease
one of alcoholism. A person giving the
name of Nlelson telephoned the Cor
oner that the man had been poisoned,
but an examination gave no oause fir
such suspicion.
Gedski Concert To-Night.
Th« first concert by Mm*, dad ski wffl b»
given at the Alhambra The*tar to-night. Willi
the following magnificent programmat Part I
—Classical arias and aonga: a) Aria, "TrM
schutz" (Weber); (2) "Lotosblume," (3) "Nuss.
baum," (4) "Mondnacht," (5) **Wldmung"
(Schumann). Part II—(1) Aria. "Nona dt Fi
garo" (Mozart); (2) "Ich Ltebe Wen" (Bee
thoven): (3) "Aus Melnan Grosaen Schmerxen."
(4) "Die Halde 1st Braun," (6) "Fur Muslk"
(Franz): (6) "Murmelndes L*iftchen" (Jensen).
Part III—<1) Piano solo, "Wotans Abechted,"
"Feuerzauber" (Wagner), H. Selmar M«yn>
wltz; (2) "Xeuglertge." (3) "Oretchen am
Spinnrad." (4) "Haldenrosleln," (5) "Erlke
nlg" (Schubert). On Thursday night an entire
ly new programme will be offered and at tha
Saturday matinee an entirely Wagnerian pro
gramme has been arranged. •
. . +
V r
has a very fine collection of pictures
from all parts of the globe and has
utilized them , considerably in his
sUreopticon views, which are elabor
ate and appropriately illustrative of
his lectures. Mr. Payot's hearers were
attentive and enthusiastic. A large
and fashionable audience was present,
representing the artistic and Intel
lectual circles of society.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
PRESIDENT WHEELER
ASKS FOR COIN
..'WANTS TO TRAIN TEACHERS
: Will Petition Legislature for $30,000
' BERKELEY, Jan. 2.—Professor E.
E. Brown, head of the department of
education of the University of Califor
. 'nia, received news to-day that a project
most dear to him—the establishment of
a school on the university campus
where students of his department
might receive actual practice and
training as teachers—had been formal
ly presented to Governor Pardee by
.President Wheeler and a committee of.
Regents.
Professor Brown said that the recom- !
inendations made by President Wheel- j
er. were, supposedly, part of the
result of communications sent by him J
.to the president on December 26 in con- j
nection with this subject. He had been |
Invited by President Wheeler to put in i
' writing the idea he desired to have ]
presented to the Legislature in con- j
nection with the matter, and to-day
gave out for publication copies of this
letter to the president.
It is the wish of Professor Brown
that $30,000 be appropriated for a build- '
ing where pupils may attend school
and be taught by students of his de- :
partment. His letter to President j
Wheeler is as follows:
After mature consideration the following rec- •
ixnmondations with reference to provision for a j
school of practice and observation are respect- j
Jully presented by the corps of Instruction of |
the department of education.
That a piece of land be set apart In the ,
northwest corner of the present university |
grounds rectangular in shape, approximately .
"400 feet on Hearst avenue by 600 feet on Ox- |
ford street, for a term of ten or twelve years, ,
for the use of a school under the direction of j
the department of education.
That the Legislature be asked to appropriate I
at the coming session the sum of $30,000 for
. the erection and equipment of a wooden build- j
ing on this piece of land for the use of the .
school.
That the current cost of maintaining the 1
school be defrayed from the general funds of
the university, tuition to be free.
It is estimated that the current expense of i
'the school for the first year. 1906-6, five school !
rooms being in operation, with about thirty ;
pupils In each room, will be $9000. With the i
..addition of other rooms, about one new room '
'being added each year, this expense may j
amount to $26,000 a year in eight years, at !
the. end of which time the school, twelvo
.grades and kindergarten, may be expected to
be complete.
In response to your request I beg leave to
submit the following statement of the principal
grounds on which the department of educa
tion urges the establishment at this time of a
pehool of observation, practice and experimen
tntion. The reasons are twofold, depending
lh the first place on the essenUal nature of the
work In which we are engaged, and secondly,
• p the actual present situation in California.
IMPORTANCE OF IDEA.
. -Education finds Its place in our university
. acherne as an art. as an applied science and as
a profession. Practice teaching enters into any
..'adequate preparation for education as an art,
in much the same way that a course in free
' 4iand drawing enterß into the preparation of
•the future painter. As an applied science, a
v4ose analogy holds between education and
agriculture, education requiring its school of
observation and experimentation somewhat as
'agriculture requires its botanical and chemical
laboratories and its experiment stations. As
profession education requires its school of
'practice and observation very' much as medi
cine has its hospital and its clinics. Accord
ingly we find the movement toward the estab
lishment of such schools and the provision of
facilities for practice teaching approved and
promoted In some of our strongest universi
ties, notably In Harvard. Columbia. Chicago
and Missouri.
• The consideration which I would respectfully
emphasize at this point is that the higher prep
aration of teachers cannot permanently main
tain a real university standing without ade
quate provision for such concreteness and ob
jectivity of treatment and such training to
expert efficiency as is found In other univer
sity departments.
The view set forth above has Influenced the
• work of our department of education since
its establishment in 1392. By arrangement
••with the school authorities of Berkeley and
Oakland some Inadequate provision for obser
vation, experiment and practice has been made
from the beginning, which was partially con
centrated in the Tompkins School In Oak
land from 1895 to 1899, and in other schools
was organized and conducted with great care
by Mr. Heaton from 1897 onward. This pro
vision has proved very useful, but at beet
ir has been wholly insufficient. In addition
t.>. deficiencies in other directions it has failed
lor the most part to offer opportunities for
teaching in high schools. And positive oppo
sition to the arrangement has appeared in the
Berkeley Board of Education during the past
year. We have accordingly for a long time
looked forward to the establishment of a
university school and the maintenance of such
a school was Included among the recommenda
tions relative to a teachers' college, which I
laid before you in the fall of 1902. The ap
• pointment of Dr. Karrington to an assistant
professorship in the university was recom
• mended last spring with the view particularly
to having him devote the year 1904-05 to the
working out of this problem of practice teach
ing, a purpose which he is now carrying into
effect.
PRACTICE NEEDED.
In recent years there has grown up a very
urgent demand on the part of school author
ities in this State that university trained
teachers should be trained in the actual pro
cesses of teaching. This demand has been
put -forward in many ways, of which the two
following are typical examples: First, a rule
of the Oakland Board of Education that in
experienced graduates of the universities shall
not be employed to teach In the schools of
Oakland unless they shall have completed suc
ressfully a course of practice teaching under
proper pedagogical supervision; second, a rule
of the State Board of Education requiring
such practice teaching of university graduates
, who are candidates for the high school teach
ers' certificate. We accordingly face this pros
pect. t n »t before long inexperienced graduates
O* the university will be unable to find em
ployment in the better teaching positions in
the State or even to secure the teachers' cer
- tiflcate without such practical training. It
is possible that the university might secure a
reversal of some of these rules by forcing the
Issue, but that could be accomplished only by
a sharp contest, in which the university would
be on the wrong side.
There Is a larger need which seems equally
dependent on the establishment of a university
school. The university ought to send out
specially prepared and competent superintend
ents and principals of public schools and in
structors In normal schools in this State and
Pacific and mountain States generally. The
. oa-U for such men hss become very urgent of
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
AS TO COLDS
Feed a cold—yes, but
feed it with Scott's Emul
sion. Feeding a cold in this
way kills it. You cannot
afford to have a cough or
cold at this season or any
other. Scott's Emulsion
vill drive it out quickly
and keep it out. Weak
lungs are strengthened
and all wasting diseases
are checked by Scott's
Emulsion. It's a great
flesh producer.
We'll •end you • sample free.
SCOTT & BOWN X, 409 Pearl Street, New York.
late. We find it impossible to provide ade
quately for the special training of such super
visors and teachers while lacking in adequately
equipped schools under university manage
ment.
The gist of the statements presented above
U this: That In the Judgment of the depart
ment of education the university cannot give
to the publio such educational service and
educational leadership as Is now reasonably
demanded of It without the maintenance of a
strong university school.
"I do not wish it understood," said
Professor Brown- to-day "that this
plan for training teachers is to compete
in any way with the normal school
work of the State. We co-operate with
them, and they, I believe, regard the
matter in the same light. President
Wheeler approves the project, I think,
and we hope for favorable action by
the State Legislature. Our proposal
for a building for use during a term
of ten or twelve years is made bo as
not to interfere with the Benard plan
for the greater university.
"I hope to see the time come when
we will be able to do as Columbia Uni-
versity does —provide such facilities
that a child may enter a kindergarten
on the university grounds, go through
grammar and high school grades and
receive his university degree all under
the same auspices and on the same
campus.
"We propose to have students in our
department teach each one subject in
this grammar school room, with a su
pervising teacher over all. This would
give practice to about seven or eight
student teachers in each room. That
would be but the beginning. Eventual
ly we hope to provide such actual prac
tice for at least a hundred student
teachers.
"Our aim is ultimately to equip stu
d< its for supervising positions in
school work and to turn out high
school Instructors as distinguished
from the normal school's product of
primary and grammar grade teachers."
OFFICIALS HAVE BEEN
BUSY THE LAST YEAR
Records of the County Offices Show
Good Business—Few Prisoners
at County Jail.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.—The records of
the Alameda County Receiving Hos
pital show that during the year just
ended 3382 patients were treated at
the hospital. Out of this number only
29 died, nearly all of these passing
away a few moments after their ad
mission to the hospital. Eighteen of
the cases treated were those of peo
ple who attempted suicide by poison
ing, only one resulting fatally.
The insane ward of the hospital re
ceived 134 patients during the year,
91 of whom were committed to the
State asylums, and 43 were discharged
after examination. Drs. O. D. Ham
lin and R. T. Stratton, the surgeons in
charge, have every reason to feel
proud of the record of the year.
During 1904 993 suits of all descrip
tions were filed at the office of the
County Clerk. 333 of which were ac
tions for divorce. In 1903 there were
994 suits filed, 323 being for divorce.
A heavy Increase over last year Is
shown by the records of the County
Recorder's office, 23,831 documents
having been filed this year, as com
pared with 21,756 in 1903. The fees
received by the County Recorder
amounted to $33,258 05, and the to
tal expenses of the office have been
$25,861 45, leaving a net balance for
the county treasury of $7396 60.
At the close of 1904 there were only
37 prisoners confined in the County
Jail. The record of the year shows
that there have been 503 prisoners
confined there during the year. Dur
ing 1903 there were 735 prisoners
confined at the County Jail.
Fines and forfeitures collected in
the Police Courts during 1904
amounted to $10,519 50. From De
partment 1 $4953 50 was gathered, of
which $2989 50 went to the county
treasury and $1964 to the city strong
box. From Department 2 the total
receipts were $5596, the county's
share being $3509 and the city's re
turn $2057. The number of cases
handled was 4373, divided as follows:
Department 1, 2152; Department 2,
2221.
STUDENTS HONOR MEMORY
OF EDWARD ROWLAND SILL
Three Classes of Oakland High School
Erect Monument in Lafayette
Square.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.—The students
of the Oakland High School have
erected a mounment to the memory
of Edward Rowland Sill, one of the
ablest of California's poets, who was
formerly a teacher at the High School.
The monument was set in olace to
day in Lafayette square, where it will
be unveiled in about two weeks. The
monument is in the form of a bronze
sundial and is mounted on a base of
rough hewn granite.
The memorial has been placed n*nr
the Eleventh-street side of the square
just south of the High School. On
the Eleventh-street side is a bronze
plate, bearing the following inscr'p
tion: "Erected to the memory of Ed
ward Rowland Sill by the Oakland
High School classes of June, '98- De
cember, '99, and December '01."' On
the opposite side of the base are
following lines from the pen of the
hue poet:
Forenoon and afternoon and night
Forenoon
And afternoon and night—
Forenoon and—what?
The empty song repeats Itself. No more?
\ea, that Is life: Make this forenoon sub
lime.
This afternoon a psalm, this night a prayer
And time is conquered and thy crown is won!
Arrangements for the unveiling are
in the hands of Miss Sadie Drinkwa
ter, Miss Fannie French and Edgar
M. Sanborn.
Would Test Postal Law.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2. —P. R. Porter,
the editor of Porter's Weekly, says he
will test the present United States
postal laws. Mr. Porter wanted t*
have his publication entered aa second
class matter, but this the Postal De
partment refused to do unless he sub
mitted his subscription list to the in
spection of the officials of the depart
ment. This, Mr. Porter contends, is
improper and unnecessary, and he is
threatening a legal contest in the
Federal courts.
Supervisors to Organize.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.—The Board of
Supervisors will organize to-morrow.
As all the old member have been re
turned it is unlikely that there will be
many changes In the appointments of
thf. board. John Mitchell, the present
chairman, will be re-elected and the
committees will remain the same.
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3. 1905.
'CHASER FALLS
AT FIRST JUMP
Galanthus Fails to Clear
Obstacle and Is Killed
While Jockey Is Injured
LADY WALKER A MARVEL
Two-Year-Old Steps Three
Furlongs at Ascot, Seduc
ing Track Kecord Time
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 2.—The New
Year's card at Ascot to-day was the
most attractive offered during the
present racing season. Between 8000
and 9000 people were present. A stee- j
plechase, the Rose selling stakes, with j
$1800 in cash and a S500 cup donated i
by George Rose, and the first "baby
race" of the year 1905 were the fea>
tures of the day. The two-year-old
race developed a sensational sprinter
in Lady Walker, owned by J. E. Crush
ing. She covered the three furlongs ,
in 35 seconds, a second and a half be
low the track record made by Belle
Kinney last winter. Father Catcham
was second and Silver Wedding third, i
Williams' entry, Cash Box and Loyal |
Front, was the favorite, but Lady
Walker got a running start and was
never in danger. Catcham made up
a world of ground in the stretch and
showed he was a good one.
In the steeplechase the well-known ,
horse Galanthus fell at the first jump
and broke his neck. Jockey Nevins,
his rider, was severely bruised and
shaken up, but not seriously hurt.
Flea, the favorite, won easily from
Mrs. Grannan, with Cazador third.
The Rose selling stakes went to an
outsider, Luckett. at 15 to 1, leading
all the way and winning by a neck
from High Chancellor, with Evea G
third. Princess Tulane, the
played horse in the race, and Golden
Sunrise were left at the post. Elliott
and Ethylene, both strongly played in
the books, failed to get inside the
money.
Fossil ran seven furlongs in 1:26%,
a track record, and won the fifth race
from Hans Wagner and Tim Payne in
the order named. Fossil was a red
hot favorite. Hildebrand was the
strong tin in the last race and won
handily from Tarn o* Shanter and
Golden Light. Twenty-one books cut
in to-day. Weather clear; track fast.
Summary:
First race, selling, six furlongs—The Major,
110 (Fuller), 4 to 1. won; Schoharie. 110 (Hil
debrand), 7 to 2. second; Agnee Mack 108
(Kent), 9 to 1. third. Time. 1:13%. Useful
Lady. Ben Lear. Our Pride. Bricula. Efferves
cence, Dorlce. Susie Christian and Dipper also
ran.
Second race, steeplechase, short course—Flea
136 (Amos), 6 to 5, won; Mrs. Grannan 168
(O. Rice), 3 to 1, second; Cazador, 130 (Tul-
Jey). 6 to 1. third. Time. 3:11%. May S and
Gray Morn also ran. Galanthus fell and broke
his neck.
Third race, Ross selling stakes, mile and a
sixteenth—Luckett, 91 (Kent), 15 to 1,.w0n;
High Chancellor. 108 (Hildebrand), 16 5,
second; Evea G 85 (Moriarlty). 10 to 1. third.
Time. 1:46*4. Line of Light. Elliott and Ethy
lene also ran. Golden Sunrise and Princess
Tulane left.
Fourth race, three furlongs—Lady Walker.
112 (Hildebrand), 7 to 2. won; Father Catcham,
116 (Booker), 7 to 1. second; Sll*er Wedding.
112 (Kent). 6 to 1, third? Time, :35. Wee
Girl, Azuba. Cash Box. Loyal Front. Express
ing. Klttie B, Unnamed and Cazazza also ran.
Fifth race, seven furlongs—Fossil, 117
(Prior), even, won; Hans Wagner, 106 (Walsh),
10 to 1, second; Tim Payne 10r» (Hildebrand).
5 to 1, third. Time. l:2fH-i. Kenllworth,
Judge Denton and Felipe Lugo also ran.
Sixth race, selling, one mile—Hildebrand, 30
(Wood). 16 to 5, won; Tarn o" Shanter, 100
(Tooman), 2 to 1, second; Golden Light. 106
(Lawrence). 13 to 5, third. Time, 1:41. Past
Master. Lauretta Phillips. Exapo, Cloche dOr,
Invictus and Lena Leford aleo ran.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 81.
Annie E. Marks to Abbie E. Magorty, lot on
N line of Haight street. 137:6 W of Gough,
TV 27:6 by N 120; $10.
Elizabeth Mears to James J. Flynn and
Timothy E. Treacy lot or S line of Green
street, 162:6 W of Steiner, W 25 by S 107:10;
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to National
Land Company, lot on N line of Parnassus
street, 202:5 W of Willard. N 131:10%. W
90:11%. S\v 134:0%. E 120:11; $ .
Fred and Belle N. Southworth to Emma S.
Howard, lot on SW corner of Walnut and
Pacific streets. W 35 by S 100; $10.
William and Annie Hill to Anna Meyer, lot
on SE corner of Sixteenth and Prosper streets,
E 30 by S 103:6; $10.
Maria A. Hoed to Henrietta Whitehead, lot
on N line of Twenty-second street. 150 W of
Sanchez. W 25 by N 114; $10.
Same to Samuel W. Whitehead and Claude
R. Wilcox, lot on N line of Twenty-second
street, 175 W of Sanchez, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Carl K. P. and Era Ahjgren to Nils Nellsson.
lot on BE corner of Twenty-sixth and Church
street. S 26:6 by E 96; $10.
Alliance Building and Loan Association to
Simon and Anna Levitt, lot on N line of Thir
tieth street, 105 W of Sanchez. W 25 by N
114; $10.
Lucy Bodkin to Thomas P. Bodkin lot on N
line of Twenty-third street, 265 W r of Noe. W
25 by N 114; gift.
Thomas P. Bodkin to John Anderson, same;
$10.
Auguste Poullain et al. to Ellen H. Spantor
(wife of James H). lot on N line of Pacific
street. 149:10 E of Dupont. E 20:5% by N
137:6; $10.
Ellon H. and James Spanton to Pierre Genes
ton, lot on N line of Pacific street. 149:10 E
of Dupont. E 20:5% by N 137:6; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to H. B. Pinney,
lot on S line of California street, 137:6 E of
Stockton. E 34:4% by S 91:8; $3500.
Helena Schleslng to Improved Real Estate
Company, lot on SW corner of Fifth and Fol
som streets, SE 90 by SW 75; $10.
Julius and Anna Berendsen to Alexander
Bond, lot on SW line of Brannan place, 200
SE of Brannan street, SE 75 by SW 60; $10.
James W. Kerr to Susanna Lowe, 45 coy 338,
S % P. N. 97, quitclaim deed; $ .
E. Louis and Susan or Susanna Lowe (Mur
phy) to Stauffer Chemical Company, lot on NW
corner of Fifteenth and San Bruno streets,
W 200 by X 2( 0; $10.
O. L. and Margaret E. Center and J. B.
and Mabel L. Cnryell to George and Theresia
Sutter, lot on N line of Seventeenth street, 25
E of Carolina, E 50 by N 100; $10.
Daniel Counihan to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Thomas G. and Margaret Kltnk to James
Cairns, lot on NW corner of Thirty-sixth ave
nue and Fulton street. W 32:6 by N 100; $10.
John W. and Sarah A. Fllnn to J. W.
Wright & Son's Investment Company, lot on
E line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 175 N of R |
street. N 50 by E 120; $10.
B. Ducas Company to Oscar F. and May E. I
Wood row. lot on SE line of Howth street 225 •
SW of Mount Vernon, SW 50 by SE 103:6, lots
23 and 24. block D, Gets Addition to Lake
View; $10.
Andrew P. and Emme C. Anderson to Eman
uel Lewis Investment Company, lot on NE line
of Brazil avenue, 99:7% NW of London street, ',
NW 4% Inches, NE 100, 8E 2% Inches. SW I
100, portion lot 5, block 2, Excelsior Homestead |
Association; $10.
Emanuel Lewis Investment Company to An
drew P. Anderson, lot on N line of Brazil ave
nue, 74:7% W of London street, W 0:4%, N
100. E :02%. S 100; $10.
Andrew P. Anderson to Emma C. Anderson,
lot on N line of Brazil avenue, 74:7% W of
London street. W 25 by N 100; gift.
Archibald Barnard to Dominion Investment
Company, all real and personal property, ex
cept law library, furniture and personal ef
fects; $10.
New Year Drama at Ye Liberty.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.—The first pro
duction of "Rupert of Hentzau," which
is the new year drama at Ye Liberty,
was given at a special matinee this
afternoon. This play is the sequel to
"The Prisoner o* Zenda" and has all
of the attractions of that play. It is
given in a very strong manner by the
regular company, with Landers Stev
ens at the head.
MORE ROBBERS
ON THE ROAD
Highwaymen Are at Work in
the District Around Fruit
vale and Edge of Alameda
MAN WEARS A MASK
John 3loir Is Held Up on the
Tidal Canal Bridge While
on His Way to Theater
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 2.
Footpads are still operating nightly
lin and about Oakland. This evening
I John Moir was held up and robbed at
| the point of a pistol at the tidal canal
, bridge between East Oakland and Ala- j
meda, and Saturday evening the Cos
mopolitan saloon, owned by John
Byrne, on the San Leandro road, was j
held up, though not robbed, by a high-1
1 wayman, who fired four shots and then i
escaped.
Moir lives at 528 Kennedy street, East
Oakland, and was walking to Alameda
to attend the Park Theater. When he
reached the Alameda end of the tidal
canal bridge a tall man In a mask and
with a revolver stopped him. Moir
obeyed the usual order to throw up his
hands, whereupon the highwayman
turned him around so that he could not
make close observations, took $2 in
money and marched him down Park I
street into Alameda. He then made
bis escape across the fields toward
Fruitvale. Moir went to Alameda and
reported the hold-up, but no trace of
the man was found.
The hold-up of the saloon on the San
Leandro road was more sensational
and less productive for the robber.
There were a number of people in the
place when a man with a flesh-colored
mask and carrying a revolver walked
in. John Byrne, the proprietor, was on
duty, and his first idea was that it was
a joke. When told, to throw up his
hands he made the remark that he
would "get his gun and see what would
be doing." As he said this the man
opened Are and four bullets buried
themselves in the wall, while the man
backed out and made his escape.
It is possible that the man who tried
to hold up the saloon and the man who
did hold up Moir to-night are the same,
as they are operating in the same gen
eral district.
LIGHT PLANT TROUBLE
WILL BE INVESTIGATED
Chief Engineer Joseph Messer and
Fireman Edward Duffy Will
Explain to City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 2.—Chief Engineer
Joseph Messer of the Municipal Elec
tric Light Works will probably be
called upon by the City Trustees
Wednesday night to explain by what
authority he attempted to discharge
Edward Duffy, a fireman, on Saturday.
Duffy was appointed to the position by
the City Trustees nearly three years
Bgo and he claims that it was not
within Messer's province to remove
him. That was the reason why he de
clined to pay any attention to the en
gineer's notice that his services were
no longer required and refused to
leave the works until the assistance of
Superintendent Joseph B. Kahn and
the police was invoked.
Duffy asserts that Messer has been
fattening a grudge against him and
making matters disagreeable, hoping
thereby that Duffy would quit his job.
Messer has been in the employ of the
city as enginer of the Municipal Elec
tric Lfccht Works for several years. He
was removed by one Board of City
Trustees, but succeeded in getting the
place back after being out two years.
Duffy has agreed to remain idle and
keep the peace pending the investiga
tion of the matter by the City Trus
tees Wednesday night.
Save Her From Asylum.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.—Judge Melvin
to-day issued an order for the re
examination of Miss Mary Acherman,
who was committed to the insane asy
lum on Saturday. Miss Acherman
came to this country a few days ago,
utterly unable to speak English. She
was lost one night and arrested. No
one could be found who could speak
to„her in her own language and she
became nervous and worried and was
supposed to be weak-minded. Since
her commitment her story has been
learned and some countrymen have
agreed to care for her If the commit
ment is revoked. This will be done
to-morrow.
. Will Install New Officers.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.—Oakland
Chapter No. 36, Royal Arch Masons,
will install'the following newly elected
officers on Wednesday evening, Jan
uary 4, at the Masonic Temple: High
priest, John Charles Foster; king, Ar
thur Thomas Piercy; scribe, Charles
Pinkerton Maclafferty; captain of the
host, Benjamin Franklin Woolner;
treasurer, Frank Howard Brooks;
secretary, William Henry Craig; prin
cipal sojourner, Alton Cass Jackson;
royal arch captain, Edward Charles
Bridgman; master of third veil,
Charles Frederick Ott; master of sec
ond veil, Wallace Covert Price; master
of first veil, Dudley Almont Smith;
guard, Robert Griffith Evans.
May Have Been Murdered.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.—Public Admin- |
istrator George Gray is investigating 1
a rumor that John Spitzkie, who was •
burned to death at his hog ranch in
Upper Frultvale a few days ago, had
a large amount of money. Several
persons have said that Spitzkie was
known to have had considerable money ■
just before his death and it has been
suggested by some that he, may have
been murdered for his money and the
house burned to conceal the crime.
No evidence has been found as yet,
however, to warrant such belief.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, January 2.
Stmr Sierra Houdlette, 21 days 8 hours from
Sydney, via Honolulu B days 10 hours.
BAILED.
Monday, January 2.
Stmr Asuncion, Bridgett, Seattle.
Stmr Alaskan, Nichols, New fork.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN it MIDNIGHT.
Schr Ida McKay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN—SaiIed Jan 2—Stmr Santa
Monica, for San Francisco; schr R. C. Slade,
for Valparaiso: schr Repeat, for San Fran
cisco; brig Lurllne, for Ban Francisco.
SAN DlEGO—Arrived Jan 2—Nor stmr Ti
tanla, from Nanalmo.
GRAYB HARBOR—Arrived Jan 2—Stmr Ho
mer, hence Dec 30.
MAYOR'S ORDER
NOW EFFECTIVE
His Honor Expects Little
Trouble From Execution
of the Sign Removal Edict
MERCHANTS FAVORABLE
Service of Notice to Be Fol
lowed Where Necessary by
a Compulsory Enforcement
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 2.
Enforcement of Mayor Olney's order
directing removal of all street and
sidewalk signs and obstructions will'
begin to-morrow morning. The first
move will be to serve official notice on
all persons maintaining such signs to
remove them. Street Inspector W. W.
Blair has been instructed to notify
merchants and business men generally.
Broadway and Washington streets
are the thoroughfares that will receive
attention first, these being the main |
busines thoroughfares. Not a vestige i
of an obstruction will be permitted to
stand after reasonable time has been
given shopkeepers to remove volun
tarily all objectionable sign boards,
bicycle racks and the like.
Mayor Olney has been feeling the
public pulse with relation to the sign
order. He expressed his gratification
to-day that the move had been re
ceived with favor by merchants. The
Mayor had been a bit doubtful lest the
drastic order should excite opposition
among business men, but it has had the
opposite effect, according to the re
ports that have been taken to his
Honor by police and street department
officials who have been doing prelim
inary work toward the execution of
the order. Concerning the regulation,
Mayor Olney said to-day:
Much of the trouble that could have arisen
over compulsory removal of the obstructions
will be averted by the voluntary action of
business men. It is a good indication of civic
awakening when they willingly undertake to
meet the new situation, although it means
some expense In getting rid of the signs.
Heretofore there has been a mistaken im
pression that the City Council or the Board
of Public Works had authority to grant per
mission to maintain sidewalk signs. The fact
is that no such right exists. The streets and
sidewalks belong to the people for their use.
No obstruction to their free use should be
peimltted and it is unlawful to obstruct the
thcroughfarea
DRUMMERS PLAY
AT BASEBALL
"I'll bet they'll be sore to-morrow "
So said a P. C. C. T. man to a U.
C. T. man in the grand stand at Rec
reation Park yesterday and the party
of the first part was right in more ways
than one. He was justified in posing
as an anatomical sharp because he
knew that mid-winter baseballists
reap a harvest of strained muscles and
stiffened joints after their sowing of
vaunted athletic capabilities. He was
right in posing as a seer and rtveiator
because he guessed that the son Is al
ways better than the father and this
was proven in the fact that the Pacific
Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion was able to beat its parent organ
ization, the United Commercial Travel
ers' Association, at the great American
game, by a score of 14 to 10.
They played the whole nine innings,
too, which is out of the ordinary among
men who know more about high balls
and diamonds that wiegh by the carat
than they do about the horsehide and
the battle ground of the knights of the
hickory stick. But the road agents, or
rather the men who hold up the mer
chant princes for orders for goods that
sell, were abroad in a commendable
cause —the Widows' and Orphans' Fund
—and the noble effort netted something
more than $400 for the charity.
It was a great game. There were
more features to it than there are quills
on a porcupine and the picking out of
such quills is a day's job. The techni
cal end of it Is Boon told. The U. C.
T., wearing abbreviated blue overaUs
and blue shirts scored four runs Tn
the first inning and held the basket
for goose eggs for the five rounds that
followed. Then, by an error, a wild
throw and a safe hit five runs were
scored in the ninth, which, added to
one made In the eighth, made the total
of ten. The. knights of the grip who
claim the Pacific Coast as their juris
diction got two in the first, six in the
second and four In the third—enough
to put the kibosh on the aspirations of
any possible competitor in the field.
The Pacific Coast boys wore brown
overalls and white shirts decorated
with red ribbons.
As is usual with the foxy boys who
are plugging for advantage in trade,
each side had something up its sleeve.
They chose to spring it in the fifth
inning. For the Browns, Howard
Friedlander, the "real hat man," was
supplanted by Sam Gorlinsky, "bashful
and good looking," who had speed to
rival an automobile. It was a delicate
reminder to Andy Mahoney, who
pitched the first half for the Blues,
that there was something faster than
the teams he used to. drive at Coos
Bay. The Blues filled Mahoney's place
in the box with Alva Posner, who
used to pitch baseball in Marysville.
They say he is going to be married
next month, which may account for his
wildness yesterday.
Nat Cahn played a game at shortstop
for the Blues that would have done
credit to a National Leaguer and then
gome of his friends were unkind enough
to ask why he had to be called through
a transom at Sacramento. Sam Hall,
who travels for a tent maker In Stock
ton, came down especially to play
third base for the Uniteds and escaped
with one run to his credit.
The persona who watch things were
full of admiration for Fred Bradley,
who carried his 310 pounds like a
winged cupid at first base for the
Browns. He fell in his glory, however,
in the eighth inning, when he had a
chance to reach third base and fell
midway with a sprained (?) ankle.
Then he went out and to the bench.
Bradley's honors were shared with
"Handsome Tom" Dunne, right fielder
for the Browns, who always met a
heroic death before he trod the first
bag.
There were two umpires: Carl Koe
nig, big as a mountain, and Michael
Fisher, of the Tacoma team. Mike
knew what he was up against and
carried an unconcealed six-shooter In
which the cartridges were blank. He
fired a dozen of them at_ those who
questioned his decisions arid when the
bluff wore out he was removed from'
the field by two policemen.
CLEAR TITLES
AND PROSPERITY
Much Permanent Develop
ment Results From Set
tling of Vexed Question
CONTRA COSTA GROWS
New Roads Building and
Prospects for New Rail
ways Cause Improvement
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. %
The development of Contra Costa
County has not been entirely along the
bay shore. While thousands of men
are now employed in this section where
there were but hundreds a few years
ago, much improvement has been made
in the fertile valleys that abound in
the interior. New sections are being
opened up; many new uses have been
found for the soil, and In the last
few years there has been an unusual
increase in the number of fine fruit
trees, vines and nuts that have been
planted.
Much of the Increase in agricultural
interests is due to the now almost com
plete settlement of all land title liti
gation. For years there was trouble
over the titles to valuable lands all
through Contra Costa County, partic
ularly in the section just over the hills
that seperate Alameda and Contra
Costa counties. Many have been
killed in the years ago over land title
claims and the litigation has been end
less. Clear titles were hard to get in
some sections, and this contributed
to retard the growth of one of the
finest districts in the State.
But much of this litigation has come
to an end in the last year, and final
decisions from the courts have been
handed down, notably in the case of
the famous Sobrante ranch litigation.
This has confirmed the title to some
valuable pieces of land, and the own
ers who got complete title from the
courts now feel that they can go ahead
with substantial development. A feel-
ing has existed for many years that
permanent Improvement might be
wasted through some decision of the
courts, but now that this uncertainty
has been done away with these broad
acres are being developed. This sec
tion is likely to be opened soon by
railroads. '
In the Walnut Creek section there
is a great development of the industry
that gave the place its name. Not
only are all of the thousands of na
tive black walnut stock, which are non
bearing, being grafted with the Eng
lish variety, but thousands of new
trees are being started.
In the great Moraga Rancho at La
fayette special Improvements are being
made by Albert Burton, the overseer.
This famous ranch of thousands of
acres Is owned by Horace Carpentler,
the first Mayor of Oakland, and is
leased under the management of Mr.
Burton, who is very popular in that
section. John Devlin of Glorletta has
undertaken the management ©f the
largest single holding of this rancho
and is showing In dairy, produce and
grains what this section can do.
Supervisor Ralph Harrison of Dan
ville, who assumed office to-day, has
announced that he will endeavor as
supervisor to give all of this section
the best roads possible In order to
put them in better communication
with Oakland and the county seat,
Martinez, and to give them an outlet
for their produce.
JANES SHOWS
MARKED CLASS
The final rounds of the class singles
tennis tournament played on the Cal
ifornia Club courts yesterday brought
jut some interesting tennis. The
first and second class matches were
tiardly close enough to be exciting, but
:he third and fourth class players were
;venly matched and the scores were
;lose. George Janes easily carried off
:he honors in the first class, while Mel
ville Long had no trouble winning the
second class trophy. Moulten Warner
won the hardest match of the tourna
ment from Albert Kenyon and carried
>ff the third class trophy. Fourth
;lass honors went to R. B. Daggett.
The result of the match between B.
f, Nourse and George Janes was nev
sr in doubt. Nourse played his usual
iteady game but was no match for
lanes. The latter outclassed him both
n strokes and in condition. Of the
ictlve players Janes is undoubtedly the
>est in the club. By winning yesterday
md also by climbing to the top of the
continuous tournament he proved this
fact.
Melville Long occupies the same po
sition in the second class that Janes
Joes in the first.' He was easily the
oest in the class and had an easier
Lime winning than any man in the
tournament.
When Moulton Warner and Albert
Kenyon came together in the finals of
the third class a great match resulted.
Three of the sets were (5—4, one 13—11
and the other 7—5. Kenyon won two
out of three, but Warner took the last
two sets and match.
R. B. Daggett was given little con
sideration in the fourth class and his
victory came as a surprise. In all his
matches he finished strongly and his
victories were well earned. His per
fect cor.dltion had a great deal to do
with his success.
Several good matches were played
in the continuous tournament. W. B.
Collier again defeated R. B. Cornell in
straight sets and Immediately chal
lenged Janes, the number one man.
Dr. Bush and Harry Rolfe played a
close and exciting match. The medical
man won three sets out of four from
his opponent. • The first two sets were
exceedingly close but Bush won the
last two easily. The winner Is an ex
champion of one of the Middle Western
States and has an excellent style. He
is a tall, rangy player and when he
becomes accustomed to the courts wiH
be one of the club's strongest players.
Many think he mlgftt at present beat
Janes. The day's results:
First class—George Janes beat B F Nourse
6-3. 6-1. 6-4.
I*=°™! |l*sa— Melville Long beat Paul Jones.
Third' class—Moulton Warner beat Albert
Kenyon, 4-6. 7-5, 4-6 13-11 7-5
Fourth class—R. B. Daggett beat Bradley
Wallace, i-5, 6-0; Ed Bacon beat W G
Knowlton 9-7 1-6 «-3 Finals—Daggett' beat
Bacon. 5-7, 6-0. 6-2, 6-1.
Continuous tournament—W. B. Collier beat
R. B. Cornell, 6-3, 6-4. 6-4; Dr. Bush beat
Harry Bolfe. 10-8, 16-8. 6-3, 6-0" W G
Knowlton beat B. I. Tancovtch. 6-4. ' 7-5;
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1485 Park Street.
NEW CITY HALL
FOR LIVERMORE
Trustees Give Their Town
a Much Appreciated Pres
ent for New Year's Gift
BUY DUNGAN PROPERTY
Old Building, Formerly
Occupied by a Bank, Will
Be Transformed at' Once
LIVERMORE, Jan. 2—The thriving
town of Livermore has received a New
Year gift from the Town Trustees in
the shape of a city hall and municipal
building. Livermore, which is the
liveliest town In the great wine-making
and mining section of Alameda County,
has now taken its position among the
actual cities of the county and will
have a home for its municipal officers.
The building that has been bought
and will be transformed into a City
Hall was formerly occupied by the
Bank of Livermore, situated at the
corner of First and McLeod streets,
and belonging to the Dungan estate. A
partial distribution of this estate was
made recently, and this property fell
to Miss Jessie Whipple Robson, one
of the legatees. An offer was made by
the Town Trustees of 53000 for the
building, which has been accepted and
to-morrow the Trustees will formally
ratify the deal. The building originally
cost $7500.
All of the munloipal offices will be
transferred to the new building, the
offices of Town Marshal D. A. Smith,
City Clerk Wright and Justice Taylor
occupying the lower floor. The second
story will be turned into a hall that
will be used by the Trustees for meet
ings. There is already a fine vault in
the building, which will be used for
storing public records.
The Town Trustees, who have given
Livermore Its first City Hall, are:
Thomas E. Knox, Chairman of the
Board; Daniel J. Murphy, Charles E.
Beck, J. D. Ryan and F. Matheson.
Pioneer Woman Passes Away.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.—Mrs. Mary A.
Long, who for the last fifty-two years
has been a resident of California, died
early this morning - at her residence,
1786 Ninth street, age 92 years. Mrs.
Long was the wife of the late Maxwell
Long, who was well known among the
mining men of the' State. The de
ceased leaves four children, Henry E.
and Emery M. Long, Mrs. BJ. A. East
man and Mrs. Ada Dennen, and one
adopted daughter, Mrs. Alice Smith.
Sees Purse Stolen Twice.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.—Mrs. M. K.
Miller, residing at 479 Merrimao
street, witnessed a double theft of her
purse, containing $15, which she
dropped while boarding a Telegraph
avenue car this afternoon. A block
away Mrs. Miller saw a boy pick up
the reticule. She alighted from the
car and started back to recover the
bag when a man driving a buggy
stopped, took the purse from the boy
and drove off rapidly. The boy dis
appeared.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
BURGLARS IN A STORE.—Oakland, Jan.
2.—A. M. Silvera's store, 701 East Twelfth
street, was entered last night by burglars,
who stole $18 worth of goods.
DR. A. 8. KELLY RETURNS.—Oakland,
Jan 2.—Dr. A. S. Kelly, who for the last week,
has been absent from the city on a hunting
trip, has returned to Oakland, and has re
sumed his practice, which during his absence
was in the hands of Dr. J. M. Shannon.
CELEBRATE THE •TORA."— Oakland. Jan.
2.—Members of the congregation mt Beth Abra
ham celebrated the completion of the "Tora"
at Germ ant a Hall yesterday. Rev. M. Block
conducted the services.
SAYS ESCORT STOLE PURSE—Oakland.
Jan. 2.—Miss Willey Bennett charges Charles
Pullen with stealing $10 from her purse after
they had watched out the old year Saturday
night at the Afro-Methodist Church. Pulleu
was arrested. He denies the theft.
SHOT IN THE HAND.—Oakland, Jan. 2—
Allan Watts, cabin-boy on the ship Eph Mont
gomery, now in Oakland Creek, was shot in
the hand by a companion who was loading a
rifle. Watts had his hand in his pocket and
the bullet went through the hand and was
found in the bottom of the pocket.
POULTRY FANCIERS TO MEET.—Ala
meda, Jan. 2. —Officers will be elected by the
Alameda County Poultry Association to-mor •
row night at a meeting to be held in Llnder
man Hall. The annual report of the secretary
of the organization will be read and a talk on
"Incubation" will be given by W. F. Tullock.
WED AS OLD YEAR DlES.—Oakland, Jan.
2.—Charles E. Hall, employed as a towerman
by the Southern PaclHe Company, and Mrs.
Mary G. Chase, were married at midnight on
New Year'B eve at the home of the forrrier. HOT
Wood etreet. Hall Is well known among rail
road men. having been prominent in the great
strike of 185 M.
Harry Bullivan, 8-4, 6-3. and H. Lund. 6-4,
6-2.
Practice—W S. MacGavin beat Dr. Younger,
6-4 6-4; George Janes and Melville Long beat
Herbert Schmidt and Carl Gardner. 8-6. 6-2;
Albert Kenyon beat Schmidt, 6-3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S|CK HEADACHE
I = —l Positively cured by
PADTrDQ these Little Pills.
vMIA I Ll\o Ther *ls<> relieve Dis
■jH tress from Dyspepsia, In-
ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
p3 lIIPB Eating. A perfect rem-
H llf tf% edy for Dizziness, Nausea.
I PILLS* Drowsiness, Bad Taste
Mm ■» la the Mouth, Coated
MMI Tongue, Pain in the Side.
I TORPID LIVER. They
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SHALL PRICE.
carters! CIRE sICK l,£AUA^t - _
Hittle Genuine Must Bear
I PILLS Fac-Simila Signature
I** 1 J^£~<**£&*tfMONTANA BUFFALOES
ARRIVE AT THE PARK
Three Sturdy Bisons From Eaton Ranch
Added to the Local Herd.
THREE BUFFALOES THAT ARRIVED YESTERDAT FROM MONTANA. THEY
ARE FINE SPECIMENS OF THE BISON FAMILY AND WILL BE ADDED
TO THE HERD IN GOLDEN GATE PARK.
The Golden Gate Park herd of buf
faloes has been increased by three
new arrivals from Montana, a bull and
two cows. The strangers came to town
yesterday in a cattle car and were
taken to the park in a specially con
structed cage built on a truck.
The three Montana bisons were
turned loose in a paddock near where
the spotted dear and the kangaroos re
side. For a while they trotted here
and there through the inclosure, snif
fing the wind suspiciously. But one
taste of California grass made them
feel at home.
The Park Commissioners, who take
every precaution for the welfare of the
buffaloes, found that the park herd
was in danger of deteriorating be
cause of in-breeding. New stock was
needed, so the three new buffaloes were
purchased from the Eaton ranch in
Montana. The importations are fine,
healthy speciments of the bison, and
all of them are 2-year-olds.
The new arrivals will be kept to
HILDA FECHHEIMER MARRIES
EASTERN BUSINESS MAN
Daughter of Well-Known Merchant
Will Make Her Home In
Grand liapids.
A pretty little home wedding was
celebrated last Wednesday evening,
when Melville H. Fechheimer wa*
united in marriage to Miss Hilda
Fechheimer at the residence of the
bride's father, 1753 Pine street.
None but the immediate members
of the bride's family was present at
the ceremony. The Rev. Dr. Jacob
Voorsanger officiated. The young
couple left for a short honeymoon im
mediately after the wedding.
The bride is the daughter of Charles
S. Fechheimer, the well-known mer
chant and capitalist. The groom is a
prominent business man at Grand
Rapids, Mich.
Mrs. Fechheimer will not accom
pany her husband, who leaves for the
East in a few days on important busi
ness matters. She will join him and
make her future home in Grand
Rapids in about three months.
Despondent Man Attempts Suicide.
While despondent from the habitual
use of morphine, Edward Smith drew
the keen edge of a razor across his
throat yesterday in his room at 1178
Stockton street. By a strange freak
of his unsteady hand the principal ar
teries were left untouched, although
his head was almost severed from the
body. When the man was placed on
the operating table in the Emergency
Hospital by Dr. O. S. Kucich his head
was adjusted and stitched in its orig
inal place, but there is very little
chance for his recovery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OPERATIONS NOT ALWAYS
NECESSARY.
Doctors Frequently Mistaken.
"I suffered untold agony with plies
for over three years. Two doctors told '
me nothing but an operation would
: cure me. I tried different remedies, but j
nothing did me any good until I used !
Pyramid Pile Cure. I bought six 50- ;
cent boxes at the drug store, and now
I can do my work and go out, where j
before I spent most of my time lying
down. I thank God for giving the dis- !
coverer the knowledge to make such |
a cure. I recommend it to all my
•friends, and if I ever have piles again
will certainly use this remarkable rem- j
edy. You can use this In any way you
wish to make known the
merit of Pyramid Pile Cure." «s.
Wm. Mucky, 81 Marshall street, Eliza
beth, N. J.
The experience of this lady Is that of I
thousands of others who have been as- j
sured that nothing short of an opera- j
tlon would rid them of this distressing
. complaint. On the face of it, it appears j
as if too many surgeons operate in or- i
der that they may keep their hand in, !
and lose no portlon»of their skill; then, !
again, too many surgeons are anxious !
to experiment (like the scientific man in
Mark Twain's pathetic story of the dog i
and her little puppy), and do not have
. proper regard for a *atient's physical j
welfare or condition.
We advise every sufferer to think
twice before submitting to an opera
tion for piles, and suggest that those
write to the Pyramid Drug
Company, Marshall. Mich., for their |
little book on the causes and cure of
piles, which is sent free for the asking. I
themselves for a while. The males of
the original herd would fiercely resent
the intrusion of the bull from Mon
tana and the cows in the big paddock
might not receive the females cor
dially at first introduction.
The Montana animals look little the
worse for the rough experiences they
have been through. They were roped
by dexterous cowboys on the Eaton
ranch; then they were loaded Into
a cattle car and for several days
whirled along behind a noisy, shriek
ing engine. They seemed more than
glad to feel the soft turf under their
feet. Their present quarters are a lit
tle cramped, for in Montana they had
many acres to roam over.
The sight of a truck load of buffaloes
naturally created considerable excite
ment along the streets. The animals
eyed the curious spectators indifferent
ly, though they had never been in close
quarters with mankind until they
started on the trip to California,
One of the cows has a slight defect.
A horn was torn from her head in a
fight back in Montana.
DRUG AND ROB
A SIGHTSEER
Actress and Waiter in 3lar
ket Street Resort Are Ar
rested for Taking Cash
W. A. Williams of Williams, Arizona,
I started out to see the sights Sunday
I night. When he awoke yesterday
morninc; he found that he had been
robbed of a wallet containing $1400 in
bills and of $100 in gold coin. He re
ported the matter to the police and
two arrests have been made. Lillian
Lucas, an actress in a Market street
I resort, and George Kennedy, a waiter
jat the same place, are in the City
j Prison and it is alleged that they got
i the money.
Williams, who came here recently,
has been staying at the Pioneer House,
48 Fourth street. He wanted to enjoy
life Sunday night, so he started down
the line and finally found a theater on
Market street. One of the actresses,
Miss Lucas, attracted his admiration
and after she had done her "turn" he
I invited her to join him in one of the
| side boxes and have a drink. The
| drinks came fast and Anally Williams
i announced his intention of going home,
jHe says that the bartender detained
him and insisted that he have another
drink. He consented, but when he
drank the beverage his mind became
almost a blank and he remembers
nothing mere than requesting that he
be sent home in a hack.
Joe Baruh, a hack driver, was called
; and drove around to the Stevenson
: street entrance of the Yesort. There
j the hackman picked up his fare. When
j Williams awoke this morning he found
that his Wallet containing $1400 in
greenbacks had been taken from an in
; side vest pocket, also that about $100
in gold had been extracted from
' another pocket. Detective Thomas
Ryan was assigned to the case by
j Captain Burnett and when he learned
i Williams' story he placed both Miss
i Lucas and Kennedy under arrest. Wil
liams says he was given knockout
drops in the last drink and that there
| was a conspiracy between the actress
j and the waiter to rob him. He says
!he remembers that Kennedy took hold
lof him after the drink was served, but
at the time he did not suspect what
he was doing.
Fight With Knives and Razors.
A dispute as to who would pay for a
ound of drinks in a Kearny-street
ance hall last night ended in a fight
rtth knives between four Porto Ricans.
'he light occurred on the corner of Pa-
Iflc and Kearny streets. Henry R.
trenas was cut on the head and neck,
le says the wounds were inflicted by
lanuel Morales, Santa Boas and Julius
todriques, but they deny having cut
ixenas, and say he was cut by a col
red man who mixed in the quarrel,
lorales, Boas and Rodriques were
slightly cut about the face and hands.
A pair of scissors and a razor were
found on Arenas and he acknowledged
having cut his three friends. He was
charged at the police station with an
assault with a deadly weapon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
OPPOSITION FORMING AGAINST
THE STATEHOOD MEASURE.
PLAN TO OPEN TERRITORIAL LANDS
Richness of the Region Being Adver
tised by Representatives.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2— The sublimity
that it is proposed shall characterize
the ceremony of the inaugural is being
obscured somewhat by the ridiculous
contest over the place to hold the ball.
As though it wasn't disappointing
enough to those who wish to go that
the ball should be set for Saturday
night, which silences the bands and
stops the dancing at midnight, the
House has refused to allow the func
tion to be held in the Pension building.
The ball has been held in the Pension
building before, and it is greatly de
sired to hold it there again, because it
is most eminently tit.
The Pension building is a large brick
structure in-a park about half-way be
tween the treasury and the Capitol. It
is not esteemed as a triumph of archi
tecture except perhaps by the architect.
A high building, it is yet "all on the
ground floor." It is this feature that
recommends it for an immense as
semblage, such as is always the in
augural ball.
There is a splendid reach between the
floor and the skylight, with big pillars
upholding the latter, all of whiah lends
itself admirably to the schemes of the
decorator. Fireproof and with exits and
entrances to suit, it could not be more
desirable if built to order for this pur
pose of a ball. Its wide floor is now
covered with great chests of drawers
filled with papers without end. They
are arranged in streets and alleys, that
makes them readily accessible.
The objection of the House to lending
the building for the ball is nothing less
than that it would interrupt the busi
ness of the Pension Commissioner and
his army of clerks to an extent that
has been figured in dollars and cents
to a value of $30,000. Washingtonians
take a great pride In this quadrennial
celebration, as. of course, they should.
They subscribe liberally of their own
money to make it go. They look upon
the $30,000 as nothing in the debate.
The House has proposed the Capitol
building and the magnificent building
of the Library of Congress, but Wash
ington stands with the Senate in reject
ing both. The House is expected to
come to terms when they get together
again.
The price of admission to the ball,
men and women alike and no free list,
is this year, as always, and despite the
Saturday night limitation, $5. This
is one way in which the expense of the
ostentatious ceremony is recovered.
• • •
Opposition to the statehood bill seems
to be developing and nobody seems to
know just whether the measure really
has the large following that is claimed
for it or whether its champion*; intend
to use it as a weapon with which to
defeat other legislation. If the bill goes
through it is not thought likely that
the people will reject it by their vote,
notwithstanding the opposition mani
fested in Arizona. There will be a
thousand offices to fill in each of the
new States and the interest and enthu
siasm aroused in the contest for these
alone will do the business.
The new State of Arizona-New Mexi
co—if the combination is effected—will
be the largest in the Union, save Texas,
625 miles long and 329 miles wide.
Texas has 30,000 square miles the bet
ter of this. Representative Hodey of
New Mexico, an ardent champion of
the bill, declares that his Territory has
a population of 350,000 and Arizona 175.
--000, enough to entitle them, combined,
to a representation of three members.
They will get but two, being rated by
the census of 1900.
Rodey, who is well stocked with Ter
ritorial statistics, says that Oklahoma
and Indian Territory have a million
and a half of people and will rank at
once with some of the older States.
There are twenty-three States in the
Union less populous than this. In area
the State would contain about 70,000
square miles, about the size of Mis
souri. The land is exceptionally rich
for agriculture.
A bill proposed to be introduced by
Senator Stone of Missouri after the re
cess is intended to throw open prac
tically the whole State of Indian Ter
ritory to settlement. It will, if it be
comes a law, be the biggest chance for
settlers ever proposed at one throw.
Under the bill each of the 80,000 In
dians is allotted forty acres, the rest
to be sold to whites at a fixed minimum
price. Whether or not, this is intended
to influence the statehood bill is not
certain, but should they both go
through there is no doubt about the
boom it would give the new State.
• • •
New Mexico has been knocking for
admission since the time of California.
In 1874 Stephen B. Elkins, now Sena
tor from West Virginia, was delegate
to Congress from New Mexico, and he
had about arranged the matter. One
day Burrows, now Senator from
Michigan, then a Representative from
the same State, made a very effective
speech on one of those force bills that
aroused so much ugly feeling in Con
gress. Elkins was in the cloak room,
did not know what the speech was
about, but heard the applause. Re
turning to the floor he met Burrows
coming down the aisle and wishing to
do the nice thing took and shook both
his hands. That livtle unintended in
discretion has kept New Mexico wait
ing outside these thirty years.
The Democrats wouldn't believe his
explanation and declared that if those
were Elkins' sentiments he could go
to with his statehood bill. Elkins, now
a grave man of great avoirdupois
and wealth, will have a chance to say
whether the Territory shall come in at
last coupled up with Arizona and
against Arizona's will or stay out still
a little longer.
• a •
The statehood bill Is liberal enough
in some things. It gives Arizona-New
Mexico 24,000,000 acres of land and
$5,000,000 cash as a school endowment
and treats the others as well. Irriga
tion will make the arid lands of Ari
zona available for productive farms,
ar*d as for other natural resources,
Arizona claims the largest forest now
standing In the United States, with
New Mexico next. Rodey claims for
the latter more iron and bituminous
coal than any other. From Silver City
alone 1000 tons of iron are being ship
ped daily for seven years to the steel
plants at Pueblo, Colo.
H. P. Wood, Secretary of the San
Diego Chamber of Commerce, has had
an office for a month or so where he
could display his maps, diagrams and
photographs of San Diego harbor and
beautiful San Diego itself. San Diego
wants a naval coaling station In her
harbor. The Navy Department has an
Ideal location save that a quarantine
station has been placed at an unfor
tunate point. The desire is that the
quarantine station be moved a little
farther along and clear of the naval
location. The Treasury Department,
which has Jurisdiction over the quar
antine station, has been slow to see
BY S. W. WALL.
the necessity and there has been a dis
position to balk over the passage of the
bill introduced last session by Senator
Perkins providing for the transfer.
Wood has been assured that the ob
jections urged will be withdrawn and
he has gone home in excellent temper.
While here Wood took the occasion to
send greetings on behalf of San Diego
in the form of a bit of nicely illustrated
printing to a selected list of Wash
ingtonians and the interest aroused
surprised even him, enthusiast that he
Is in his subject. Tbye incident may
lead to some more extended endeavor
in the same direction.
*■ ' *
NEW ROAD
FROM HERE
TO BUTTE
Line Will Cut Down
the Distance to
Montana.
Special Disoatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 2.—Word has
been received here of the formation at
Boise, Idaho, of the San Francisco,
Idaho and Montana Railway Company
for the purpose of constructing and
operating a line of railroad between
San Francisco and Butte via Boise, j
Idaho. The road when completed will !
traverse the States of California. Ne
vada, Oregon, Idaho and Montana
with branch lines from Mason to Para- i
disc Valley and Winnemucca, Nevada.
The company is organized with a ,
capital stock of 550,000.000. The officers
will be as follows: President, William
Peyton Mason of Minneapolis: vice
president. C. H. Fleming of Minneap
olis; secretary. G. T. Propper of Boise;
treasurer, W. E. Foran of Boise. The
incorporators are prominent financial
men of Minneapolis, officials of the ,
Western Surety and Adjustment Com- |
pany, and Judge John A. McGinty.
who has been employed in the prelim
inary work.
The road, which will be about 1000
miles in length, will reduce the dis
tance between San Francispo and
Butte over 300 miles and wfli open up
a rich section of the country.
In an interview to-day, George L.
Propper, secretary of the road, and
who is also secretary of the Western
Surety and Adjustment Company, stat
ed that he could not give out any de
tails at the present time, but that the
people backing the project are well
up in railroad and financial circles.
Mason is connected with financial in
terests in Minneapolis and Fleming is
a prominent railroad official of that
city and connected with the Illinois
Central interests.
PERSONAL.
Dr. C. L. McCracken of Pescadero is
at the Grand.
Dwight H. Miller of Sacramento Is
at the St. Francis.
H. Weinstock. one of Sacramento's
leading merchants, is at the Palace.
John P. Barnes and wife of Lewis
town. Mont., are at the Occidental.
Among the latest arrivals at the
California is C. de V. Campbell of
Java.
Former United States Senator Thom
as J. Geary of Santa Rosa is at the
Grand.
Lieutenant O. J. Watkins and wife
of Los Angeles are registered at the
Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Rand of West
minster, B. C, are among the latest
arrivals at the Palace.
Colonel and Mrs. Gastrin of India
arrived on the Sierra from Australia
yesterday and are staying at the Cal
ifornia.
Bonner KJee Winters, a well known
English racing man, who has beer
attending the meeting in Los Angeles,
arrived at the St. Francis yesterday.
F. J. Shepard, general superintend
ent of the Western system of th«
Santa Fe road, Is up from Los An
geles and staying at the St. Francis
C. E. Harvey of Glasgow, who is
interested in the project to establish
steamer connections between Mexlcc
and British Columbia, is registered a 1
the St. Francis.
Mrs. Augustus Saint Gaudens, wife
of the famous sculptor, whose statuee
of General Logan, Admiral Farragut
Abraham Lincoln, General Shermar
and other distinguished Americant
grace the squares of various cities in
this country, has arrived from the Easl
and is staying at the Palace.
Change of Office.
M. L. HADLEY, the special advertis
ing agent, for the past seven years lo
cated at 207 Sacramento street, has re
moved to a handsome and convenient of*
flee at 19 First street. Mr. Hadley hai
been actively engaged In newspaper ad
vertising for over severi'teen years anc
yet one hears but very little of him out
side of new/paper and advertising cir
cles. Being .\ close student of advertis
ing, hU chief delight is the mastery ol
some advertising problem, hence club anc
social life claim but little of his atten
tion.
It is undoubtedly true that Mr. Hadlej
has a most- accurate knowledge of the
value of Western newspapers, as he en
joys the distinction of being the onlj
agent in the country who has used all ol
the newspapers published In the Westerr
States, and this advantage is evidently a
strong factor In his business.
In 1890 Mr. Hadley began buying
space for a large local firm and for the
past twelve years has been kept busy
placing advertising for the principal
general advertisers on the coast as well
as for several large general advertisers
in the East.
It is said that none but firms of high
integrity and reputation can open an ac
count with Mr. Hadley, as he Insists
upon knowing that the advertising placec
through his office is honest
AGED WOMAN ABPHYXIATED. — Han net!
Saunders, an elderly woman, was found un
conscious from gaa at 845 Howard street yes
terday afternoon. She was treated at the
Central Hospital and there Is slight hope ol
her recovery. The asphxylation was probabl)
accidental.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Overstocked —$80,000
STOCK OF READY-MADE GARMENTS
SLAUGHTERED OIN THE DOLLAR
Tailor Suits Skirts Skirts
$12.50 Shirtwaist Suits slaughtered Rainy-Day Skirts and Dress Skirts Much
at 9 2.95 LesB Tha|l one-Half Price.
$15.00 Suits slaughtered at 4.95 $2 5Q gkirtg slauo . htCTcd at ,96
$17.50 Suits slaughtered at G. 90 . ,
$18.00 Suits slaughtered at 7.45 W *° Skirts slaughtered * 1.18
$20.00 Suits slaughtered at 8.95 **.58 skirts slaughtered at 1.65
$i' 2.50 Suits slaughtered at 9.95 $5.00 Skirts slaughtered at , 1.95
$25.00 suirs slaughtered at. ..... 11.95 $6.00 Skirts slaughtered at 2.25
$30.00 Suits slaughtered at. ..... 12.95 $7.50 Skirts slaughtered at 2.45
$1 7.50 Silk Suits slaughtered at. . 8.95 $g 00 Skirfg Blauffntftred at 2>95
$22.00 Silk Suits slaughtered at. . . 9.9 a ci AnA„ . , . . , ,
$10.00 Skirts slaughtered at , 3.95
Craveitette Coats $12.50 Skirts slaughtered at 4.95
$7.50 ( oats slaughtered at $2.45 $15.00 Skirts slaughtered at 6.95
$12.50 Coats slaughtered at 4.95
$15.00 Coats slaughtered at 6.95 SIIK and WOOI WaiStS
$20.00 Coats slaughtered at 8.95 $2.00 quality at $ .65
COatS $3.00 quality at 1.25
Almost Away. $%.o0 quality at , 1.45
45c. 65c, 75c. 95c, $1.45 and $1.95. $4.00 quality at 1.95
Sale Continues To-Day at 8:30. $5.00 quality at 2.45
1142-1146 Market Street
TWO FOOTPADS
ROB SALOON MEN
Masked 3lcn Enter a Howard
Street Resort, but Fail
to Secure Much Money
Two masked men entered the saloon
of Fred H. Burmeister at 1901 Howard
street last night and robbed the pro
prietor and two customers, Benjamin
Kern and John Linehan. As there was
only a little silver in the cash register
their loot was not large. They got
$12 50 from Kern, $7 from Burmeister
and a few cents from Linehan.
Angry because they did not get more,
one of the thugs struck Burmeister
on the head with a revolver. Both
robbers were rough in their treatment
of the victims. After their pockets had
been emptied the three were thrust into
an anteroom and the door was bolted
on them.
Policeman Timothy Cronin, whose
beat is in the neighborhood, heard the
curses shouted at the three men by the
and he ran toward the saloon.
Just as he reached the door the robbers
burst out, tearing the masks from their
faces. Cronin grappled with one but
the thug tripped him up and threw him
to the sidewalk. Kern says that
Cronin made no attempt to follow
them.
When they were sure that the rob
bers had gone the three victims began
to shout lustily. Their cries brought
Burmeister's wife to the place, and she
released them. Just as they were let
out. Kern says. Policeman Cronin
walked in, saying: "Look at my uni
form. One of those fellows threw me
down."
The two thugs had evidently watched
Burmeister's place for some time, as
they had their work perfectly planned.
They were seen to enter an alley in the
rear of the place about 10 o'clock.
1 There they probably donned their
masks. They entered the saloon with
a rush, each flourishing a revolver.
Loudly cursing, they drove the three
men to the rear wall.
"Throw up your hands!" was the or
der. "Higher yet!" commanded one,
as Kern seemed a little reluctant.
j One of the men opened the cash reg
ister and uttered a volley of oaths
when he saw that there were but a
few dollars in it. "Where is the rest
iof your money?" he shouted.
j "1 don't know, I'm only the barten
der, the proprietor is away," replied
Burmeister.
i "You He,—you," shouted the thug,
and rushing toward him dealt Bur
meister a vicious blow with the butt of
a revolver. Then the victims were
, rushed Into the anteroom and the door
. was bolted.
None of the victims could give any
adequate description of the thugs. They
were powerful men, a little over me
dium height.
Five men, two of them under the In
fluence of liquor, entered the saloon of
John McCann at 700 Church street, and
while three were assaulting McCann,
i the other two broke open the cash
] drawer. They were interrupted In the
i act by the entrance of Mrs. Kate Mc-
Cann and she was held by one while
the other seached a bed in an adjoin
ing room, where It was rumored the
McCanns kept their money. Fortunate
ly Mrs. McCann had previously moved
the money and all the men secured
' was $4 from the till. The McCanns
know two of the men by sight and the
police are working on the case.
DRUG CLERKS CONDUCT
ANNUAL FESTIVITIES
i Open House at the Headquarters of
the Association on Second
Street.
The San Francisco Drug Clerks' As
sociation held its third annual open
house at headquarters, 31 Second
street, yesterday. The merry-making
began at 10 o'clock in the morning
and continued until nearly midnight.
The rooms were beautifully decorated
for the occasion, and an orchestra
contributed to the enjoyment.
Hundreds of the friends of the drug
clerks visited the place during the day
and evening, and the compliments of
the season were exchanged. Refresh
ments were served and tables laden
i with fruits, turkey and other delica
cies were strongly in evidence. The
committee having charge of the affair
consisted of C. B. Whilden. president;
Paul A. Dubois, past president, and
W. W. Seay, G. M. Sutherland and A.
lE. O'Neill.
ORPHANS AT HEBREW
ASYLUM ENJOY TREAT
Pupils of Paul Gerson School Give
Enjoyable Entertainment for Edi
fication of Little Ones.
An evening of comedy was given the
children of the Pacific Hebrew Or
phan Asylum on Sunday by the pupils
of the Paul Gerson School of Acting
under the auspices of the alumni of
the asylum at Gymnasium Hall, 600
Devisadero street. The performance
was a great delight to the little ones
and laughter and applause were the
order of the evening.
Following was the programme:
"Cupid In Shirt Sleeves." a farce In one act:
characters —r>r. Arthur Fielding, an author.
Lester Alden: Mabel, his wife. Miss Grace
Tannin; Ada Steams, her sister, Miss Anne
Bellew; Eugene Pelham, Lloyd Fountains;
Jane, the servant. Miss Lillian Earl.
Specialties. Miss Doris Lansbenrer.
Selection, Hebrew Orphan Asylum Band.
"A Quiet Family," a farce In one act; char
acters—Mr. Benjamin Bibbs. Lester Alden; Mr.
Rnrimby Ribbs, Walter Richardson; Mr. Peter
Parker. Lark Corum; Grumpy, the servant,
Henry Lyons; Mrs. Benjamin Bibbs*, Miss
Grace Cashln; Mrs. Barnaby Bibbs, Ml-? Anne
Bellew: Miss Selina Summers, Miss Beatrice
Shields; Snarley. the maid. Miss Lillian Earl.
Fall hats. 1904, just arrived, nobbier
than Qver. Tom Dillon & Co., opp Palace."
H. Weinstock to Speak.
The winter term of the educational
department of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association will open to-night with
an address by H. Weinstock, the well
known merchant. He will use for his
subject "Luck vs. Pluck." The associa
tion will provide instruction on over
forty subjects, with faculty of twenty
five instructors. The work covers sub
jects from the fifth grade to prepara
tion for the universities. The enroll
ment in all classes was 440 men and
boys. The gift made by Raphael Weil
has enabled the association to equip
another room and provide an additional
teacher.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
JANUARY SALE
Tha anxiety of moving Is over and now we are comfortably settled In our splendid new
store. We want the public to know oar new location as well as they did the old—to associate
with It the highest quality of Furniture, Carpets, Draperies and Wall Papers and the sterling
business Integrity that has characterized the house of Fredericks for over two generations.
For the sole purpose of familiarizing every one with our new location, we shall offer
during the ,
First Ten Days of Every Month
some one line from our stock at a reduced price, after which period the original prices will pre
vail. Every month a different offering will be presented.
January's Dining-
Great Room
Offering €r Tables
perfectly made, finely finished and tn all the different woods—Golden Oak, Weathered Oak, Ant
werp Oak, Early English and solid mahogany; square and round tops, pedestal or five leg tables,
all lengths, sizes and tops These tables are Important factors in our stock, the largest In San
Francisco, but to emphasize the magnitude of our Ten-Day Sale we are offering
EVERY DINING-TABLE IN THE HOUSE
AT A REDUCTION OF 25 PER CENT
And there are EIGHTY SPLENDID PATTERNS to choose from.
We want you to know Fredericks' store and Fredericks' stock and the multitude of
magnificent things that can be procured here at the same prices asked elsewhere for furnishings
of Inferior quality.
• Josjredericks & (g- •
34-50 ELLIS ST ■ MARKET
HOWARD'S HEART UNABLE
TO RESIST ANAESTHETIC
Railroad Section Hand Expires in Uie
Operating-Room of a Dental
Concern.
Thomas Howard, a section hand em
ployed by the Southern Pacific Com
pany, died while chloroform was being
administered to him in the operating
room of the Hale Dental Company, at
702 Market street, last evening. How
ard desired to have a tooth extracted
and requested that an anaesthetic be
used. Hardly had the operation com
menced when he expired.
Howard came to the offices of the
dental company by appointment short
ly after 5 o'clock. Dr. Victor Orella,
one of the dentists, was present to ex
tract the tooth, and Dr. H. E. Vreelantl,
a physician residing at 631 Golden Gate
avenue, was present to administer the
chloroform. The gauze mask was
placed over the patient's face and Dr.
Vreeland started to drop the chloro
form upon it. In a few seconds he
found that Howard had no pulse, and
after lifting the mask it was ascer
tained that he was dead. Captain Bur
nett made an Investigation and sum
moned both physician and dentist. Both
made their statements and the police
are satisfied that death was due to ac
cident. Dr. Vreeland says the man had
a weak heart and the first inhalations
of the anaesthteic produced death.
Drops Dead Near Park.
Butler Smith, 54 years of age, a clerk
in a real estate office, dropped dead at
the corner of Twenty-fourth avenue
and Fulton street early last evening.
Butler was taking his evening walk
when he toppled over and expired. His
body was taken to the Casino, a park
resort near by, and the Morgue officials
were called. Death is supposed to have
been due to heart disease. Smith lived
at Broderlck and Fulton streets.
A wise physician sometimes natters a
man by teliing him he has brain fag:.
7S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
.U •11 > j). SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGHT • Manajrer
1 I I.ICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRAN IS >^
TUESDAY JANUARY 3, 1906
a \"O'i"HER storm has brewed in this city, originating in the
.i\ desire to keep pure and perfect the morals of Chinatown. !n
* that view of it the matter is provocative of derision. The
tiir.e. talents and emotion spent over the morals of our Mongolians
may be devoted to that purpose to the neglect of similar conditions
among our non-Mongolian population. The pretense that China
town in San Francisco is the sole location in which the stock follies
and vices of humanity are to be found does violence to the truth and
to common sense. The only difference seems to be that Chinese vice
and tolly is rather more screened and is flaunted with less offensive
publicity. v
These conditions are confined almost exclusively to Chinese
themselves, and affect the white population but little. Yet Eastern
tourists are taken through that quarter of the city and introduced to
gambling rooms and worse, but no one thinks of escorting them
through the red light district that is inhabited and frequented by
whttes, \\>e have never been able to understand why the vices com
.mon to both races are considered such a curiosity when practiced
by the Chinese. Is it because we expect the yellow races to be alto
' gether free of these things, and enjoy the satisfaction that is in all
forms of surprise when we find it otherwise?
ft is now charged, with much probability of truth, that the
Chinese pay for immunity and that police officers are the bene
ficiaries of a policy of prudently averted vision. This offense has
• always had probable existence. But it must not be concluded that
the Chinese who offend high heaven by their sinful ways are the
only offenders who are willing to pay more for closed eyes than the
public pays for them open. The good name of the city is not spe
cially fortified by newspaper hysteria on the subject. It is far within
the judicial capacity to sift the evidence and find and punish the
guilty, and we have faith that this will be done.
The dragnetting and wholesale condemnation on no evidence
will produce no permanent good effect, while the judicial certainty
and finality will be beneficial. Nothing is gained by dragging in the
innocent, nor by magnifying the virtues of accusation at the expense
of the city's fame. In all large cities these matters are the problem
and often the odium of municipal administration. It was expected
that our new charter would automatically eliminate them here, and
it ill becomes the advocates of that novel instrument to bring into
use the microscope to reveal the errors and offenses that occur under
it. All these were foreseen and predicted by those who failed to be
enamored of the charter, and for this foresight they were denounced
as enemies of the public welfare.
Yet they were philosophers who knew that no phrases of funda
mental law, assembled together and printed and bound, had inherent
and self-operating virtues to cleanse public administration. It is
worth remembering that the more faith the people have in that mix
ture of printers' ink, paper, pack thread, paste and binders' beard,
called the charter, to do all things needful for uprightness of admin
istration, the less care are they apt to take in selecting the officials
who are to administer the law. If the charter itself be a mixture of
A-ray and radium, if it be pure government per se, self-operative
and always at work, what difference does it make who is Chief of
Police, or who is at the head of the city administration?
The reformers cursed all the evils of the city and put them on
•the old consolidation act and sent it into the wilderness as a scape
goat, carrying all the sins of the people, and made welcome its pure
and perfect successor, the present fundamental law. Since this incar
nation of virtue has been in force it has been observed that things
tfo on about as usual, only they cost more. The various methods
of human transgression are in operation everywhere, except in the
cemeteries, and the paths of dalliance on which men and women go
the pace are just as numerous and well lighted as they were before.
Perhaps the mistake is in making a charter for the good people
who need no government at all, but who would walk as uprightly in
the midst of urban temptations as they would in the wilderness, ac
companied only by their fishing tackle and bait. It is sadly true,
however, that we will always have with us those needful of the re~
straining hand of authority, and that among them are several—
white, black, brown and yellow of complexion—who are willing to
pay the restraining power not to restrain. The Call hopes and ex
pects that justice will be done without fear or favor, and none can
expect more and none should take less.
THE City Council of Oakland is attending again to the water I
problem in that city. While some attempts are apparent to j
make use of prejudice and passion as motives of any action pro
posed, for the most part the deliberations are on the lines of reason.
Why not project such lines into the real business of the proposition?
To put in a muncipal plant in competition with the existing private
plant is not business and cannot be justified from any business view.
To make the proposed bonds a mortgage upon the city's credit is
not business and cannot be justified.
Any policy that leads away from these two propositions will
ultimately work such injury to that city as to discredit the repu
• tation of those whose zeal causes such a mistake to be made. If
Oakland be determined to embark in that form of Socialism called
municipal ownership, it should be glad to deliberately take advan
tage of the opportunity to start right. By so doing the pace would
be set for other cities that wish to go into business, and there would
' be furnished an opportunity for the proper business administration
of the public plant, but if Oakland throw away all safeguards at the
start what will follow will be without remedy.
The bonding of the city to start in a business in a field where
a competitor is already equipped is a proposition so serious as to
justify the consultation of business men, whp have no personal gain
to make in water politics. The Call has treated ques
tion of municipal ownership as a purely economic issue. No answer
is possible to the proposition that bonds issued for a municipal plant
should rest on the plant itself and not upon the property of the
taxpayers. The plan to bond Oakland for about six millions for a
water plant means the embarrassment of the city's credit to embark
in a business that will have no profits in sight if a competitor be left
in the field. It will prevent the use of the city's credit for parks, city
buildings and other much needed improvements, all for the purpose
of buying a plant that has at present no existence and was con
demned by the only expert that has ever examined it. With a
neighborly interest in Oakland we advise her people to go slow and
keep the middle of the road in this matter.
OUR attention has been so long fixed upon the industrious mi
crobe as our mortal enemy that we begin to think that longevity
depends upon keeping him at arm's length. But there are
others, as proved by a recent case in New York reported in a medi
cal journal. A young man dressed in his best bib and tucker went
with companions to a dance. In the midst of the pleasure he was
seized with vertigo. Ascribing it to the waltz, he resorted to the
sober square dance. Still his head whirled. He excused himself
and with his friends started home. On the way they all took some
stimulant. Arrived at his room he immediately fell into insensibility
and in a few minutes was dead.
The Coroner was summoned with the autopsy surgeon. The
brain was found normal. Lungs, liver and kidneys were all sound and
the contents of the stomach were innocuous. The death was a
mystery until an examination of the blood showed nitro-benzine.
How did it get there? The smell of it was found in the closet in his
room and further search revealed a pot of shoe blacking with the odor.
"His dancing shoes were examined and were found saturated with
this liquid blacking, which had stained his stockings and his insteps
MORALS IN CHINATOWN.
WATER IN OAKLAND.
A NEW DANGER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 3, 1905.
THE LITTLE
GREEN HAT
IT was such a beauty of a hat; all
soft shaded velvets and shining
breasts, with a few creamy rosea
close under the brim.
"You never trimmed anything
quite so lovely as that, Miss Nannie,
said Josephine.
Miss Nannie blushed all over her
delicate old face.
"My dear/ she protested, then she
straightened up with a little gesture
of pride, "I do think it is a success
myself. I thought of you when 1 was
trimming it. Your hair has just
enough gold in it to go with the green
beautifully "
But Josephine interrupted her. "Oh,
dear Miss Nannie. I can't possibly
afiord that hat. "lou mustn't think u£
it. Put it in the window and sell it
to some one who can have more than
one hat in two years," and Josephine
showed her shabby black turban, with
a much worse-for-wear feather.
"I will let you have It at cost, my
dear,'' began Miss Nannie, but Jose
phine stopped her.
"No, 1 must get used to being poor,
you dear, but, oh. Miss Nannie,"
cried poor Josephine, why couldn't
we have lost our money when
1 was old and ugly and didn't want
pretty things?"
The little milliner patted the girl's
hand. "It is too bad," she said, "and
1 wish you'd let me help you."
"As If I would," indignantly, "when
you have to do things all your life
that yo€ didn't want to do. And now,
as I can't have a new hat, you must
help me plan something from these
old things," and she untied a package
and showed a conglomerate mass of
silks and laces and ribbons.
But while Miss Nannie twisted and
turned the inadequate materials, Jose
phine could not resist one more try
ing on of the little green hat. She
set in on her soft, bright hair and
gave a glance in the mirror, then she
whirled around with a startled cry.
Why, Jack Van Horn," she ex
claimed, "where did you come from?
Miss Nannie, you know Mr. Van Horn,
don't you? I'm trying on hats," she
continued, a little fluttered by the look
he bent upon her.
By Jove," he said, "that's a stun
ning hat, Miss Mason, I never saw
you look so well; it's most becoming."
'But I can't have it," she said with
a sigh.
His eyes showed his surprise.
"I'll come in again and plan, Miss
Nannie," she said hurriedly, and then
with a quick "Good-by" she was out
and off.
"And now, how can I serve you,
sir?" asked Miss Nannie, to her mas
culine customer, who stood looking
after the bright vision.
"Oh, ah, yes—l came in to get some
feathers, I'm making flies—for my
fishing," he explained; but she could
see that his thoughts were rambling—
"the green on that hat is what I
want."
"I haven't another feather like that
in the house," said Miss Nannie, "and
It would be a pity to spoil the hat."
"Well, I'll buy the hat then," he
said.
"Buy a whole hat to make a fly to
catch a trout!" Miss Nannie's tone
was suspicious.
The young man blushed, then he
broke out awkwardly:
"Do you think I could send it to
her?"
Miss Nannie stiffened.
"Miss Mason could not possibly ac
cept it," she said.
"Oh, I know," Mr. Van Horn was
gettting redder and redder, "not if she
knew it came from me. But she ought
to have it. It suits her beauty."
"Yes, it does," said Miss Nannie,
' what a pity that her father should
have failed at this time in her life."
"And she so infernally proud," com
plained the young man. "Why, I've
asked her to marry me half a dozen
times, and she won't. She "
Miss Nannie gave a quick cry of
pleasure. "Oh, then you are the
'Jack' she talks of so often.
The young man seized her hands
eagerly. "Did she call me that," he
cried rapturously. "I didn't suppose
that even in her dreams she called me
Jack," and his voice lingered on the
word.
"Perhaps I shouldn't have told you,"
hesitated Miss Nannie.
"Oh, yes, you should. You have
carried me straight into heaven. If
she can think of me as 'Jack' she shall
call me that, or my name is not Jack
Van Horn." Then he held out both
hands to the little milliner. "Help
me, Miss Nannie," he said.
"There is only one way you will
EVEN SCORE.
Barber —Beg pardon, sir, but this
la a bad dime.
Customer —It ain't any worse than
the shave you just gave ma
and ankles. Perspiring In the dance, the poison had been absorbed,
taken up by the blood and killed him.
His was actually the dance of death. Nothing is said about this
poison blacking except that it is made in Chicago. Here is a new
danger. It is not enough that we get formaline in our milk, salicylic
acid in our wine, sulphate of copper in our pickles, aniline in our cat
sup, wood alcohol in our whisky, preservaline in our butter, borax
in our meat and no gluten in our bread, but every time our shoes
are blacked we are one step nearer the grave. Our shoe barbers
should return to the good old Day & Martin and discard the modern
polish.
If the Democratic mule gets many more lashings people will take him
for a zebra. —Baltimore Sun.
TEMPLE BAILEY
get Josephine Mason to marry you,"
said Miss Nannie, with decision.
"And that?"
"Work on her sympathies. She is
proud and she won't take if she can't
give."
"If she would only give herself,"
groaned the young man.
"You can't lose your money,"
Miss Nannie, "nor break your bones,
no~ go blind " then suddenly she
gs c a little cry.
She's coming back," she said.
"Is she?" cried Van Horn; then as
I'jephine entered, he sank into a
hair.
"I left my " began Josephine,
and stopped as she caught sight of
Van Horn's drooping figure.
"What's the matter with him, Miss
Nannie. What's the matter? Mr.
Van Horn "
"Everything looks black." moaned
the hypocrite, who had his eyes closed
and was telling the truth.
Miss Nannie gave a quick gasp, then
entered into* the conspiracy with a
zest.
"Pull down the shades, Josephine,"
she commanded. "It must be his eyes,
poor fellow."
"I wonder If I am going blind,"
murmured Van Horn.
Josephine knelt by his side. "Do
your eyes pain you?" she questioned
fearfully.
He put out his hands gropingly, un
til they touched her hair, then they
rested there.
"I am a bit more comfortable now,"
he said.
"Open -your eyes and see If you can
bear the light."
Van Horn blinked and then shut
them again.
"That this should come to me—ln
the strength of my youth," he mur%
mured. y
Then Josephine gave way.
"Oh, Jack, Jack," she wailed, "let
me take care of you."
Every fiber in Van Horn thrilled,
but he was heroic.
"I could not accept such a sacrifice,"
he said.
"But " and there was a softness
in Josephine's voice that made Miss
Nannie scurry away, with a murmur
of "something to put on his eyes";
"but," and Josephine's voice was a
whisper, "it wouldn't be a sacrifice,
Jack!"
How' Van Horn was led home and
how he stayed for a week in a dark
ened room was the outward manifes
tation of his deception. Only Miss
Nannie knew the inward meaning of
It all and Miss Nannie never told. But
when the wedding came a month or
two later, she brought out the band
box in which the little green hat had
remained ever since that fateful day,
and Josephine wore It on her wedding
journey. Then, and not until then,
did she know of the ruse by which she
had been won. and out of the fullness
of her happiness she forgave her hus
band.
(Copyright, 1904, by Temple Bailey.)
JUST SMILES
HTS CHANGE.
Mr. Thomas—Say, your mother-in
law has fallen down the well, but she
has hold of the bucket that's attached
to the rope. -
Mr. Naggit—l'll give a hundred dol
lars to the man who cuts the rope.
"Do your eye* pain you?" she
questioned fearfully.
CARNEGIE'S
MOST TREASURED
LETTER.
ANDREW CARNEGIE is the best
advertised of all the world's big
bugs just now, and physically
he is about the smallest of them
all. He is so short that a man of 5 feet
7 inches—the average American stature
—looks glantesque beside him. Since
ho began trying to give away his in
come he has received more than 3,000,
--000 begging letters, and his wealth dis
tributing bureau is an overworked In
stitution. Of all these communications
not more than two or three in 1000
ever reach his eye. There is one which
he treasures as his prize letter. It
!■» framed in bog oak and hangs in the
library of Skibo castle.
To a village In Massachusetts the i
great ironmaster presented a pipe or- j
gan, which was pronounced very fine. ,
The first recital stirred the whole coun- j
ty. Some months later Mr. Carnegie ;
was urged to contribute toward the
improvement of the waterworks sys
tem of the village, whereupon, feeling
himself imposed upon, he replied
wrathfully through his private secre- j
tary that he thought It as little as the
community could do to take care of j
itr own corporate necessities; that it j
was to the moral and physical welfare
of the people to Improve their water
works themselves, etc. The answer to
this letter by the authorities of the vil
lage contained this statement:
"Our water works was entirely satis
factory for all our needs until you gave 5
us that splendid organ. We find now
that the pressure ain't sufficient to
pump the organ and tnought you'd
like to assist us in purchasing a new
boiler."—New York Press.
BE ACCURATE.
The head of one of the largest dry
goods commission houses in this city
was asked the other day how It hap
pened that his partner, upon whom
the principal responsibility of the
business rests, came to attain that po
sition while not yet 80 years of age.
"Purely and simply on his own mer
it," he replied. "He came into my
office one morning some ten or twelve
years ago and told me that he had
just finished school and was looking
for a position. I happened to have a
position open at the time for an of
fice boy and started him in at $5 a
week. His rise from that position to
the one that he now occupies was
steady and rapid and was due entirely
to the fact that, after having received
an order of Instructions, he could be
relied upon to carry them out and do
it correctly, too. He never start
ed off on anything 'half-cocked,'
so to speak. He was not afraid
to ask questions and thus get
his Instructions straight before under
taking the work in hand. In fact. I
might say that he owes everything to
the fact that he was always accurate
In all that he did. You may think
that I am preaching a sort of sermon,
but if young men entering business
positions, whether high or low, would
take for their motto the two words,
'be accurate,' and would live up to it,
there need be no fear of the ultimate
outcome of their undertakings."—New
York Commercial.
EXCEPTIONS.
Whatever fortune oomes your way.
Regardless of Its merit.
It isn't always safe and right
To simply grin and bear it
For if your cherub child decides
That jam shall never fall it.
The course you must pursue la plain,
You ought to grin and whale it.
Or if your love has grown so great
You blissfully reveal It,
She says "this Is so sudden," then
You gladly grin and seal it.
If but a single seat is left
While others jolt and jog It,
Let go your strap and make a diva
You'd better grin and hog it.
-McLandburgh Wilson, in New York
Sun.
ANSWERS.
SPLINTS—A. S. P.., Palo Alto. If
you are subject to "shin splints" In
sprinting, stop sprinting.
CONSTITUTION.—V. P. P., City.
There is no law in California which
prohibits the constitution of an In
corporated society from being printed
in English and another language. It
may be printed in any number of
languages.
HORSES—CaII Reader, Mapleton, Or.
To ascertain what the trouble is with
your horses you will have to commu
nicate with a veterinary surgeon. This
department does not find any such dis
ease of horses as is described In the
letter of inquiry.
THE JOHNSON IMPEACHMENT.—
Subscriber, Melburne, Mendocino
County, Cal. Andrew Johnson, Presi
dent of the United States, had come
into sharp conflict with Congress,
about the questions conected with the
reconstruction, and the breach between
the executive and the national legis
lature widened until it grew into an
Impeachment—the only impeachment
of a President in our history, and one
of the most. noted in the world's his
tory. On March 2, 1867, Congress
passed what Is known as the tenure of
office act. It was vetoed by the Presi
dent and passed over his veto. Edwin
M. Stanton, Secretary of War, was not
willing to lend himself to Johnson's
scheme of reconstruction. Therefore
on August 12. 1867. the President sus
pended him and appointed General
Grant ad interim. When the Senate
met the President laid his reasons for
the suspension before it, but that body
in January refused its sanction and
Stanton therefore resumed his office.
On February 21, 1868, Johnson again re
moved Stanton and appointed in his
place General Lorenzo Thomas. Stan
j ton, supported by a resolution of the
' Senate, refused to vacate his office.
; The House of. Representatives on Feb
j ruary 24 adopted a resolution for the
Impeachment of Johnson by a vote
, which stood, yeas 126, noes 47, not vot
ing 17, and on the 25th a committee
;of the House appeared before the Sen-
I ate and impeached the President. The
: articles of Impeachment, eleven in num
ber, were presented to the Senate
March 5. In brief they charged that
the President, in violation of the tenure
i of office act, had removed Stanton and
THE SMART SET
The breakfast given by Lieutenant
George C. Rockwell on Sunday morn
ing at the St. Francis was a delightful
affair, and thoroughly English in all
appointments. The Christmas season
was impressive by reason of the deco
rations, while elaborate menu cards
completed the beauty of the table.
Among the guests were: Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Gaston Ashe, Mr.
and Mrs. Davis, Miss Elsie Sperry,
Miss Maye Colburn, Miss Alice Borel,
Miss Sophie Borel, Miss Elizabeth
Cole, Miss Ethel Shorb; Major Roches
ter, U. S. A.; Philip Paschel. Dr.
Genthe, Sherrill Schell; Captain Con
rad, U. S. A.; Captain Bridges. U. S. A.
• • •
Mrs. William H. Smith entertained
at a New Tear's party yesterday aft
ernoon, serving in the old-time way,
and making a merry event of the date.
Among the guests were Miss Helen
de Young, Miss Constance de Young,
Miss Pearl Landers, Mr. and Mrs.
Emile Bruguiere, Miss Jane Wilshire,
Frank Goad. Edward M. Greenway,
Porter Garnett, Enrique Grau.
• * •
Judge and Mrs. William Hunt arv
rived in town some weeks ago from
Porto Rico, Judge Hunt filling the
place of Judge Morrow, who has been
spending the holidays in Washington,
D. C. To-day Judge and Mrs. Hunt
leave for Burllngame to be the guests
of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knight, from
there to go to their home in Mon
tana. '
Many affairs have been riven in the
honor of these visitors, and among
others recently was a dinner at St.
Dunstan's given by Mr. and Mrs. H.
H. Bancroft. Mrs. Randall Hunt also
entertained at an "eggnog" party on
New Year's eve at her home on Pa
cific avenue. About thirty guests were
present, and the New Year was hailed
with glad weloome.
• • •
Miss Atwood of Chicago is at the
Hotel Crocker, en route for a world's
tour. Having been an extensive trav
eler, Miss Atwood has a collection of
curios and antiques that are of ex
treme value and interest.
f m m
Miss Alice Andrews, who left here
a few weeks ago for an Eastern trip,
is in Cleveland, Ohio* with relatives.
• • *
Sir Charles H. Tupper, the eminent
Canadian barrister, was entertained on
New Year's eve at the home of Mrs.
C. H. Hubbard, 2209 Green street. The
evening was delightfully spent in In-
POULTRY RAISER'S LOT
IS NOT A HAPPY ONE
Correspondent Pours Out Tale of Woe and Suggests That
Promotion Committee Help the Industry by "Promot
ing Some of the Thieves Out of the State."
Editor The Call,
San Francisco.
Dear Sir: In the Weekly Call of De
cember 21 I see that the California
Promotion Committee is quoted aa giv
ing statistics of the great quantity of
poultry products brought Into the State
each year and deploring the fact that
they are not produced within the State,
as they very well might be.
Every once in a while the newspapers
break forth with similar statements
and wonder why every one—except the
writer —does not roll up his sleeves and
engage in the hilariously diverting oc
cupation of raising poultry for other
folks to eat.
I should like to answer the question
by asking why the writers of these en
tertaining articles do not do It It Is
a wonder to me that they do not hold
ing as they do such ideas of its de
sirability.
I wish some of them would try It I
should Just love to live next door to
him during the progress of the experi
ment and would spend half my time
looking over the fence observing the
development of his interesting theories.
After a short time I guarantee he
would know more than he apparently
does at present even if he were not
materially richer. But there is another
answer to the question. There are too
many dogs and thieves In California.
Poultry is taxed and dogs and thieves
swarm the State and are encouraged
by being leniently dealt with. If the
Promotion Committee will address
themselves to the task of promoting
some of the thieves out of the State
they will not have to worry so much
over the poultry Industry. The law of
supply and demand will regulate it
once it is relieved of its chief enemies,
and there will be less need to establish
an expensive experiment station for
Impractical scientists to blunderingly
Investigate the question. What is the
matter with poultry in California?
It is hard enough to fight for the
lives of one's poultry with rats, cats,
dogs, skunks, coyotes, hawks, lice and
roup, with a long dry season when
there is no green grass for the foods,
with high price for grain for feed, and
high transportation rates to market,
but when in addition to all that Is hu
man thieves, the average man con
cludes the combination is against him
and looks about for an easier job.
When, after continual work every day,
Sundays and holidays, and with eter
nal vigilance night and day the year
around, he raises some hens and two
stolen to every one he sells; when a
appointed Thomas; that he had been i
guilty of intimidation of the former
and of an attempt to seise unlawfully
the property and money of the War
Department; that he had declared that
the Thirty-ninth Congress was not a
legally constituted body and that he
had failed to properly execute its acts.
The Senate was organized as a court
for the trial of the President on March
t. Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase pre- I
siding. After various preliminaries the
taking of evidence commenced on!
March 30. This was finished April 20, j
and on May 6 the counsel had finished ;
their argument. On May 16 a vote was j
taken on the article which concerned j
Johnson's declaration as to the constl- j
tutionality of the Thirty-ninth Con- j
gress and his desire to prevent the en- I
SALLY SHARP
. formalities, Sir ("harks, an feiceiletlt
j raconteur, elvlng many ctiarming talea
of" adventure and history. BflM
; Hubbard played several violin sot< s
. with finished technique. Among t! c
guests were Sir Chaffer Tupper. Pail
Kosackevitch of the Russian consul
ate, Mr. King of England. Miss
Blanche. Mr. and Mrs. E. McNeil
Moore, Rev. Cecil Marrack and D. L.
Bender.
• » •
An extremely pretty New Year's
party for children was given on Satur
day afternoon, December 31, by Mrs.
James Singleton Spilman at her home
or. Union street. Christmas berries and
greenery were all about the house and
in the dining-room the little people s
eyes were gladdened by a brilliantly
lighted Christmas tree that was by no
means shorn of its goodly store- Lit
tle Miss Elizabeth Spilman was hostess
and she winsomely entertained these
playmates: Carlton Moore, Marjorio
Moore, Kathleen Moore, Ruth Lee Spil
man. At the close of the Juvenile fes
tivities Mr. and Mrs. Spilman enter
tained the following guests at dinner:
Dr. and Mrs. B. B. Brewer, Mr. and
Mrs. E. McNeil Moore, Miss Gertrude
Gates, Miss Ida Maloon, William
Brewer. The table was attractively
dressed, English holly In profusion giv
ing the real air of yuletide.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Bourn garo a
dinner a few days ago In honor of
Judge and Mrs. William Hunt, who
have been in the community for some
weeks. Among the guests were Judge
and Mrs. Hunt, Mr. and Mrs. Bobbin*,
Mr. Porter, Joseph Grant and Mrs.
Randall Hunt.
• • •
The marriage of Mia* May Cofrnaa
and Henry U. Brandensteln, the Su
pervisor, was quietly solemnised yes
terday at noon at the home of the
bride's parents, 1268 Franklin street.
There were no attendants and the af
fair was confined to members only of
,the two families, Rev. Dr. Voorsanger
performing the ceremony.
see
Captain William Leonard Bert ran*
Hill, late of the British army and well
known In the British colony In San
Francisco, and Miss Charlotte Louisa
Johnson of thla city were married by
Rev. Mr. Leavitt of the First Unitarian
Church on December 19. They are now
spending their honeymoon In Lake
County, where they will remain for a
few weeks.
man is relieved of the output of his
hennery by the State officially in taxes
and his neighbors Informally, who dis
like to see him have so much stock to
care for, the remainder is not wdrth
bothering with. Mind, lam not Bay
ing poultry raising Is hard work. Jt
isn't as far as the muscular exertion
required is concerned, and It might be
fairly profitable under reasonable con
ditions. But it is unceasing work with
no holidays, and the men who are look
ing for a soft snap and easy money do
not And it here, and it is better in the
long run pot to pretend they will.
We might just as well sweep away
at once the fairy cobwebs of fancy the
writers have woven about It and get
down to real facts. It can't stand the
strain of so much loss. As long aa the
policy prevails in California of taxing
all kinds of industries to the utmost
extent and countenancing the predatory
classes because their vote la aa good
as any one's and the politicians want
them, just that long you may continue
to Import poultry from localities where
thieves and sports are leas highly es
teemed than in my beloved native
State, California
If one breaks into a saloon and takes
a few dollars every officer for miles
around and other men with them scour
the country to bring him. to Justice.
But if he steal my hens that I keep to
make my living by and pay taxes on,
the gallant officers are quite unable
to do anything about it It la thought
to be a very good Joke, Indeed.
As long aa the idea remains preva
lent, as It does, that "them that has
ought to give to them that has not,"
people will not try to raise too many
hens to divide up.
If the powers that be consider It ad
vantageous to coddle the non-produo
lng and tax industries, and that fools.
1. a, working people, exist to be ex
ploited, they need not complain at the
results of their system. You can't fool
people always by this bluffing.
I should be glad if you would print
this. I hardly dare hope It, as the
plain facts are not what you are look
ing for with a microscope, I fear, or
they would have been discovered long
ago. Only please don't print any more
of those articles lamenting the small
poultry Industry of the State. It is
very aggravating to those who have
tried it, and a great injustice to the
guileless and confiding Easterners who
may read and be deluded into trying
the experiment.
I remain, yours very truly,
J. A. BARRETT.
Concord, Cal., Dec. 29.
forcement of Its acts. The vote lacked
one of a sufficient number to convict.
It stood S5 for conviction and 19 for ac
quittal, seven Republicans voting in
the minority with the twelve Demo
cratic members of the Senate. On May
26 a vote was taken on the articles in
volving the- legality of Thomas' ap
pointment, with the* same result. No
vote was taken on the other articles,
the court adjourned sine die and by
direction of Chief Justice Chase a ver
dict of acquittal was entered.
| Townsend's California Glace fruits in
| artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.«
Special information supplied daily to
! business houses and public men by tha
j Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), SO Cali
l fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUTICURA
Soap, Ointment and Pills
the World's Greatest
Skin Cures.
PRICE THE SET $1
Complete Treatment for Every
Humour, from Pimples
to Scrofula.
The agonizing itching and burning
of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful
scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of
hair and crusting of, the scalp, as in
scalkd head; the facial disfigurement,
as in pimples and ringworm; the
awful suffering of infants and the
anxiety of worn-out parents, as in
milk crust, tetter, and salt rheum, all
demand a remedy of almost super
human virtues to successfully copo
with them. That Cuticura Soap, Oint
ment, and Pills are such stands proven
beyond all doubt. No statement is
made regarding them that is not justi
fied by the strongest evidence. The
purity and sweetness, the power to
afford immediate relief, the certainty
of speedy and permanent cure, the ab
solute safety and great economy, have
made them the standard skin cures
and humour remedies of the civilized
world.
The grandest testimonial that can
be offered the Cuticura remedies it
their world-wide sale, due to the per
sonal recommendations of those who
have used them. From a small begin
ning in the simplest form, against
prejudice and opposition, against
monied hosts, countless rivals, and
trade indifference, Cuticura remedies
have become the greatest curatives of
their time, and, in fact, of all time,
for nowhere in the history of medicine
is to be found another approaching
them in popularity snd sale. In every
clime and with every people they have
met with the same reception. The
confines of the earth are the only
limits to their growth. .They have
conquered the world.
Sold throughout th» world. Octkrar* Banal i nil, Ms.
(in form of Chocolate Coated Pill*, 2Se. par vial of •),
Ointment, 50c., Soap, tie Depot, i London, tf Chartar
hoase Sq. ; Piria, S Roe dt la Falx; Boston, IST Colusa-
Sat Art. Potter Pros ft Cham. Corp., Sal* janwissslsi
sarsind tor "A Book abaat CuUettrv"
Gillette Safety
/Sssfyl^ "l\ abl-"n*g%
(»6oody^r a
Evtry Day v
Shave yourself with one of these
razors. Cut smoothly and cleanly,
and need no honing or stropping.
STAR SAFETY RAZOR makes
Shaving easy and conve- SJ *>C
nient. Regular price $2.00. J X*%
My price now »§»•"• safer
Leather Goods at One-Half
Regular Prices.
Call to-day. It will pay ypu to get
one of these SHOPPING BAGS now
at these slaughtered prices:
CALENDARS in large and artistic
lines. DIARTES for 1905 at popular
prices.
Out-of-town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 MARKIfr ST.. Opp. Fifth, S. T.
L. LEAF
On the advent of the New Year will, if
you care for personal appearance and
cleanliness, include the determination to
patronize this "all right" laundry. What
we do know about laundering linen for
men would fill a book; what good things
people who have "tried out our work
would say about us would make a larger
volume. Suppose you Join the majority
In electing this popular laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone South 420.
carters! cure sick headacre 
■ittle Genuine Must Bear
Fac-Simile Signature
4§||kEverv Woman
. \lM\\\sV Umtereatefl au< 1 should know
,* 6Sl;\"«*«Jsns. about the wonuerful
MARVEL Whirling Spray
\ VvSSfllwThe new Vaginal Syringe. Injrc-
ASiiasL. tionand Sttrtio*. Best- Saf
v. P ifflnn ■ Host Conrenlent.
1 1 X)])l il Claanae, UwiUly.
i-k irar aracclf t for It. "'tm
he < annot supply the v,
tl %KYKI.. accept no NwT, w :'C_^>*-v__
"!Uer. but send stamp for
illustrated book—aeaie*. Itgrrea m I W'm
full particulars and directions in- ak, i M
rsiluable to ladies. !»l ARVBL CC c£#, , ,_M
41 rark How, Sew Vera. ~^n*}^JpW
152 New Montgomery, San Francisco, Cal.
William Hatteroth (Ladies' Dept.), 224 Sutter,
['nion Drug Co., 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers, 7th and Broadway, Oakland,
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 cJlls
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABBTY ST. Established
in 1554 tor the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlngon body and mind and
Bkln Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
rnrr*(aaraslrr4. Cull or write.
Or. J. V. CIIBBON. Han FrarvMsco. CaL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MI ANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 823 Market.
GREAT PLANS
FOR NEW YORK
Mayor Shows That the City
Has Grown Faster Than
Provisions Made for It
MOKE WATEK NEEDED
New Schools, Bigger Police
Force and Light Necessary
to Keep Up With Expansion
NEW YORK. Jan. 2. —A funded in
debtedness for New York almost half
as great as the national debt, and a
yearly average growth and expansion
so immense that every effort to keep
abreast of It in necessary improve
ments has failed, is shown in the an
nual message of Mayor George B. Me.
Clellan, which was submitted to the
Board of Aldermen to-day. In all the
great departments the necessity for
immediate extension is shown. In
this connection the Mayor says:
Th* numerous evidences of the city's unu
ing development, which give so much satis
faction to the people, at the same time sug
gest Important plans for the future. Ex
penditures in this direction now will, I feel
sure, be regarded as a Judicious and econom
ical investment when the city of four million
shall have attained ten million Inhabitants.
The present system of water sup
ply, which has a capacity of 357,000,*
000 gallons per day in the boroughs
of Manhattan and the Bronx alone, is
inadequate, and a plan to expend im
mediately $90,000,000 in acquiring
water sheds and building aqueducts
and mains is approved.
Although twenty-two new school
buildings, among them some of the
largest in the world, were completed
and many additions to existing build
ings made during the year, affording
accommodations for more than 57.000
pupils, many thousand children are
obliged to attend part-time classes.
Contracts have been let for nineteen
new school buildings and twenty-nine
additions, which will provide 49,500
new sittings at a cost of nearly
Stj.ooo,ooo, but in view of the average
yearly increase part-time classes will
be in order next year.
Of the police force, which is now
made up of 8291 officers and men, the
Mayor says:
The police force of the city is an inferior I
I organization only in point of numbers. The I
force has not Increased proportionately with j
the population, property values and the needs !
joi the five boroughs. It is almost impossible,
j therefore, to afford the people of this city
iat all times the fullest measure of protection
)to which they are justly entitled. Any ap
j plication, therefore, for an increase In the
city's patrol force may be regarded as timely
j and most reasonable.
There is an urgent need also for an
| extension of the paid Fire Department
; system, in spite of the fact that 419
! firemen were added to the force dur
| ing the past year.
The rapid transit system planned
i but four years ago already has been
; overtaken, says the message, and the
i city has been put to new projects to
| keep pace with its expansion.
In favoring municipal ownership
and operation of an electric lighting
plant to light the streets, parks and
public buildings of New York, the
message says:
I do not believe that the Government should
engage in any service which can be done
better or as well by private enterprise or i
should invade business fields in competition
With the legitimate trade of the citizen. The
prices which the city is compelled to pay for J
gas and electric light, however, are so out j
o" proportion with the charges in other cities (
that they must be extortionate.
A statement of the city's financial
condition, which was included in the j
message, shows a gross funded debt of
$558,265,517. Against this there is a
sinkink fund of $157,380,352. leaving
a net funded debt of $400,935,165. The
; present borrowing capacity of the city
jis $68,326,725. The total national
j debt on December 1 was $1,282.
--| 585,575.
SOCIAL CIRCLES STIRRED
OVER MRS. CLARK'S COMING
Speculation as to How Young Wife of
Senator Will Be Received in
New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.—The report j
from Paris announcing that Senator
W. A. Clark and his wife are booked I
to sail for the United States next
Wednesday has caused a stir in social
circles here. How will New York so
ciety receive this new member of the
Clark family, the mistress of one of
the most expensive mansions of Fifth i
avenue ?
This will be the first appearance in
America of Mrs. Clark since the an
nouncement of her romantic marriage
to the Senator was made on July 12
last —more than three years s.f ter the
ceremony—to which was coupled the
tidings that a daughter had blessed
the union.
Anna E. La Chapelle, the daughter
of a French Canadian physician of
Butte, whose family Senator Clark
had found in poverty and elevated to
w-ealth, had been known as his ward.
There had been rumors of his inten
tion to marry her, but that the cere
mony had been performed was not
dreamed of by the Senator's friends.
They were married, however, at Mar
seilles on May 25. 1901.
Children Die in Flames.
DIAMONDVILLE, Wyo., Jan. 2.—.
Two children of John McPhee, one five
yc.irs old and the other a baby, were
burned to death in a fire that de
stroyed the McPhee home last night.
The parents were absent at the time,
and did not learn of their loss until
they returned.
To Wed a Tennesseean.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 2.—A marriage li
cense was issued to-day to William T.
Henderson of Nashville, Term., and
Hattle B. Holmes of San Jose, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
uebigllF
COMPANY^yyT
EXTRACT / f 6cmm
rats
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
NATION'S CHIEF
ACTS AS HOST
President Eeceives Seven
Thousand Guests at the
White House Beception
ASSISTED BY CABINET
Greets Diplomatic Corps, the
Army and Navy, and the
People of the Capital City
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.—Official and
resident Washington this morning ex
tended New Year's greetings to the
President and Mrs. Roosevelt at the
White House. The event—brilliant and ]
attractive as the, New Year's recep- j
tions always are—marked the formal j
opening of the social season of 1905. j
The reception was characterized by ;
true democracy. The portals of the !
White House swung wide for all the
world. All were welcomed to the his
toric mansion and afforded the oppor
tunity personally to greet both the
President and Mrs. Roosevelt. Thou- •
sands embraced the opportunity.
As the callers entered the White j
House they were greeted by a melody j
from the Marine Band, sixty pieces .
strong, stationed in the great vesti
bule: a blaze of color and breath of
perfume from beautiful floral decora
tions and a scene of splendor, the bril
liancy of which was enhanced by the
soft glow from myriads of shaded
electric lights. .
Preceded by his military aid. Colonel
Charles Bromwell, and his naval aid.
Commander Cameron McR. Winslow,
President Roosevelt, escorting Mrs.
Roosevelt, descended the stairs, fol
lowed by the members of the Cabinet
and their ladies, constituting the Im
mediate receiving party. The distin
guished party crossed the corridors and
entered the blue parlor, where the
President and Mrs. Roosevelt received
their guests.
I,AM! FOR THE GUESTS.
A lane was formed by old gold silk
velvet cord, through which the guests
passed from the red parlor to the green
parlor. Near the entrance to the red
room the President and Mrs. Roosevelt
stood. Directly In the door stood a
secret service officer who closely
scrutinized every person who passed in
line.
Every precaution was taken through- :
out the house to insure the safety of :
the President and others, an extra de- [
tail of police, besides several secret f
service officers, being on duty. Nobody \
was permitted to carry handkerchief j
or muffler in his hands and nobody
was permitted to pass along the line
With his hands in his pockets.
Just before 11 o'clock the members ;
of the diplomatic corps began to as- |
semble in the state dining-room. In
all, the representatives <»f thirty-eight
foreign countries assembled, all attired
in full dress.
CASSINI AT THE HEAD.
For the second time, as head of the |
diplomatic corps, Count Cassini, the
Embassador of Russia, was the first
diplomat to present a New j Year's
greeting to the President.
Baron Stanislaus Hengelmuller. the
Embassador of Austria-Hungary; Se
nor Don Manuel de Azpiroz the
Mexican Embassador, and Mayor den '
Planches, the Italian Embassador, with
their staffs, followed. M. Jusserand,
the Embassador of Frame, followed. '
and the greeting he received from the
President was notably cordial.
Sir Mortimer Durand. the British
Embassador, was a notable figure.
Standing several inches over six feet,
his height was accentuated by the
long coat of his uniform. Sir Morti
. mer's principal decorations were war
medals awarded him for services in the
field.
It was no new experience to Minis
ter Grip, the Minister of Sweden and
Norway, to lead the line of Ministers.
He has held the position at every New
Year's reception for many years. Mm- .
ister Kogoro Takahlra of Japan was
welcomed cordially by the President. ,
who took occasion to congratulate him
BpOB his recovery from his recent ill- {
ness.
MRS. HAY ENTERTAINS.
After the passing of the members of
the diplomatic corps, Mrs. Hay, wife
of the Secretary of State, left the re
ceiving line and accompanied the Sec
retary to their own home at Sixteenth
and Lafayette Square. There at noon
the Secretary and Mrs. Hay enter
tained the members of the diplomatic
corps at the usual diplomatic break
fast.
Chief Justice Fuller, accompanied by
the Associate Justices of the United
States Supreme Court, and the ladies
of their households, was presented to
the President and Mrs. Roosevelt im
mediately after the diplomats.
Senators. Representatives and dele
gates in Congress and the commis
sioners and Judicial officers of the Dis
trict of Columbia were next received.
Following the legislative came the
military branch of the Government. It
consisted of officers of the United
States Army and Marine Corps on
duty in Washington, and the general
and staff of the militia of the District
of Columbia. All officers were in full
uniform, and Lieutenant General Adna
R. Chaffee, chief of staff, was at their
head.
LARGER THAN LAST YEAR.
Next came the naval officers, attired
In their full dress, with the admiral
of the navy, George Dewey, at their
head.
Beginning at 12:15 o'clock the recep
tion to representatives of civilian gov
ernments began. At 12:30 p. m. mem
bers of various civilian and seml-mlll
tary organizations were received.
About 1 o'clock the general reception
to citizens began.
The reception was concluded at 2:27
o'clock. The total number of callers
was 7718, nearly a thousand more than
last year.
LATTER DAY SAINTS
REJOICE OVER WORK
Jubilee Celebration Held in New York
to' Review the Year's
Achievements.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.—lf the Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions had been in Harlem yesterday
Its members could have gathered some
Information pertinent to the case of
Senator Smoot without giving the el
ders the "th'rd degree." There was a
Jubilee gathering of Latter Day Saints
In the Hawthorne building, at which
all sorts of revelations were made.
Besides being a regular Mormon
feast day the gathering was in the
nature of a celebration of the mis
sionary work accomplished here in
New York in the last year. The half
dozen elders in charge of the Jubilee
performance had not the least hesita
tion in bragging about their work in
their speeches of felicitation.
It never seems half so bad to lose ten
dollars on a horse race as to lose ten
cents by dropping it down a lottery
slot.
AI>ViroTyFIIVfrTNTB. - ... - .
■■■■■■■■■■
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. ■ 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
THE GREATEST OF ALL SALES EVER HELD IN SAN FRANCISCO.
&200,000 STOCK OF
Fashionable Tailor Suits, Jackets, Long Coats, Skirts, Capes, Furs, Waists and Children's Jackets Will Be Sold at 25c, 40c and 50c on the Dollar.
Thousands of ladies responded last week to the announcement of our great yearly BARGAIN EVENT. Crowds grew larger
and larger, till we were obliged to close the doors. What brought the crowds? What sold the goods?
Sensationally Low Prices. Only This Season's Best Styles. No Misrepresentation. Goods Sold as Advertised.
TO-DAY AT 9 A. M.
We will place on sale thousands of Garments which could not be shown last week. Do not miss this opportunity. Many garments
will be on sale at less than ONE-HALF OF COST OF WHOLESALE PRODUCTION.
TAILOR SUITS and I JACKETS ISKIRTS! SKIRTS! SKIRTS!
SHIRT WAIST SLITS MM Black Cloth Jackets cut to °»* 4
$12.50 All-wool Shirtwaist Suits *?f » «*J j••• • - • • WALKING SKIRTS
cut to $2.95 $10.00 Covert Jackets cut to 3.9* $2 .00 quality cut to $ .95
$15.00 Panama Cloth Shirtwaist llHl?^^^^I'll *3.50 quality cut t*> IM
Suits cut to 5.95 f" .0 Jackets cut to. .. 8.45 #4.00 quality cut to 1.75
r... $20.00 Polar Bear Jackets cut to.. 9.4* «t ko nnniifv i.n* ta 1 Q5
$17.50 Fanev Silk Shirtwaist .yi-.&o quality cut to
suit* cut to 7.95 NOVELTY and EVENING GOATS S^^***! o l'll
$20.00 Fancy Silk, Extra Heavy Silk or Broadcloth. £?® !J!
Fancy Taffeta, cut to 9.95 $35 . 0 0 Coats cut to ,19.95 g£ 1111111111 !2
$22.50 VELVET SUITS Must Goal $7.45 SSS:!::::::;;;;; til
$20.00 All-wool Tweed Tailor $50.00 Coats cut to 27.50 ™ 4 * 9 °
Suits, loiii,M'oat effects, cut to.s 5.45 $t>o.oo Coats cut to 30.00 L iAArt i-? \ * 7 *
$22.50 Novelty Tailor Suits, long: , n fc $10.00 quality, fancy trimmed,
coat effects, cut to 9.95 CHILDREN'S JACKETS cut to $4.95
$20.00 Fancy Trimmed Blouse 82.00 Jackets cut to $ .75 $12.50 quality, fancy trimmed,
Suits cut to 7.95 $2.50 Jackets cut to 95 J cut to 6.95
$15.00 Black Cloth Suits cut to. 6.95 $3.00 Jackets cut to 1.251915.00 quality, fancy trimmed,
$27.50 Tailor Suits cut to 12.95 53.50 Jackets cut to .. 1.45 J cut to , 7.95
$30.00 Tailor Suits cut to 14.45 $5.00 Jackets cut to 2.25 $17 - 50 quality, fancy trimmed,
$33.50 Tailor Suits cut to 15.45 $6.50 Jackets cut to 2.75 cut to 8.95
$35.00 Tailor suits cut to 16.95 $8.00 jackets cut to 3.45 Panama Cloth and Elamirte Skirts
$40.00 Tailor Suits cut to 19.95 _____ $6.50 quality cut to $2.95
Full-Lengtii and COATS FURS! FURS! FURS! $mo quality cut£ WY.W.W\ l.tl
$12.50 Black Cheviot Coats at. . $3.00 Fur Boas now $ 1.95 $10.00 quality cut to 4.95
IWMY TWEED TURKU-QUARTER $7.50 Marten Scarfs now 4.45 $12.50 quality cut to 5.95
<OATs. BODY and SLEEVES $15.00 Mink Stoles now 7.45 DRESS SKIRTS
SILK LINED— $10.00 Fur Capes now 3.45 $3 . 50 quality cut to $1.25
$15.00 quality cut to $6.95 $15.00 Fur Capes now 7.45 $4.50 quality cut to 1.45
$1 7. 50 quality cut to 8.45 $20.00 Fur .Capes now 9.95 $5.00 quality cut to 1.95
$20.00 quality cut to 9.95 $25.00 Fur Jackets now 14.95 ,56.00 quality cut to 2.45
$15.00 quality Throe - quarter $30.00 Fur Jackets now 19.95 $7.50 quality cat to 8.45
Coats, black cloth, with velvet Child's Cloth Capes, $4.00 and $10.00 quality cut to 4.45
collar and cuffs, cut to 6.4 5 $5.00 value*, cut to 1.95 High-Class Crepe de Chine—
Cravenoite Coats at Less Than One-Half Silk and W 00l Waists Less Than One-Half $30.00 quality cut to $18.45
Price. $2.45 Upward. Price. $35.00 quality,cut to 19.95
GOLDEN GATE CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE, 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET, NEAR JONES
The Last Week of
the Tivoli's Famous
Opera, Success
KING
VJ s« 1 mJ wkijnksoay
OPERA ™? .
IN ITAI.IA*.
SAUK OF RESERVED PEATS
OPENS THURSDAY MORNING, JAN. 5.
PRICES. $2. $1 50. $1. 50c.
Orders by mall, accompanied by check or
money order, will receive attention In the or
der in which they are received.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
f»*f PASCO BY
cf. &^^.g&S-.
Palarp don't fail to
Id la WW tee yjj, beautiful
j COURT Lounging
9fin room, the EMPIRE
aim parlor, the
C j PALM ROOM, the
LOUIS XV PAR
q ij. DIES' WRITING
Hotels I ROOM.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE VftRRANTED
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON
Special prices on Guitars for 10 days.
AM ISEMENTS.
A T M~*\ A 1~1 A "T"s Belasco & Mayer,
ALLAZAK ?tt*,
• General Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY
TO-NIGHT—Mats. Sat. and Sun.
Only San Francisco Production of Richard
Mansneld's Version of the Delightful Play,
OLD HEIDELBERG
The Quaint German Studont Songs by a Triple
i Male Quartet.
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
NEXT MONDAY—First Time in Stock.
Joseph Arthur's I OCT DtVFD
Famous Comedy L» V* I I\ltL|\
With the Bicycle Race, the Chaae and Wonders
of Realism.
CENTRAL'i;-
Market Street, Near Eighth, Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT MATS. SAT. 9t SUN.
The Greatest Metropolitan Scenic Success,
CHILD SLAVES
OF NEW YORK
Full of Dramatic Interest, Splendid Comedy
and Thrilling Climaxes.
Spellbinding- rescue by the polio© patrol
tug altar a thrilling hand-to
hand battle on the rive*!
PRICES —Eve., 10c to 60c. Mats.. 10c. ISo. 250.
KESER7E SEATS ZABXtT!
THE FOUR BARDS
And Last Week of the
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
HEADED BY
McINTYRE AND HEATH
IN A NEW ACT.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices: 10c. 25c and SOc.
A Splendid Show Every Afternoon and
Evening- in the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS IN
THE ZOO.
Amateur I light end Electric Fountain
Thursday.
ADMISSION 10c ; CHILDREN BO
When 'Phoning. Ask for "The Chutes."
I* ft lIfMB IA sai nwiascos
wUkUIVIDIIf LEAOiKG T HEAi3r
LAST « NIGHTS—MATINEE SATURDAY.
Last Tim* Sunday Night.
Henry W. Savage Offers George Ade's Musical
Satire.
THS
SULTAN ? SULU
Music by Alfred G. WathaH.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
FREDERICK KATHRTN
WARDE and KIDDER
In the Spectacular Drama,
"SALAMMBO."
Seat sale Thursday—Mats. Wed. and Sat.
t CALIFORNIA \
■
n ALL THIS WEEK.
_BBh_ «n*f_ Funniest of alt I
W ft ■11 Swedish-American J
A Dialect Comedies I
Yonsoi.
SUNDAY NIGHT—BLACK PATTT
. TROUBADOURS.
' "Greatest Colored Show on ftrtk."
H W. BISHOP. Lessee and Man agar.
ALL THIS WEEK.
28e—MaTINBE THURSDAY—2Bs.
Oliver Morosoo Offers
HOWARD GOULD, J. H. GILMOUR
And the Majestic Players
In William Gillette's Great War Romance,
HELD BY THE ENEMY
NEXT MONDAY—ELLA WHEELER WIL
COX'S poetical drama MIZPAH. or the Story
of Esther. Music by Las combe Searrelle, ths
Musical Wizard.
New e4jKT Jockey
California Club
OAKXtAJTS TBACK.
Racing every week day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
$1000 Kaadioap, to be ran Wednesday,
Jan. 4; rollanehee Handicap, gaooo
added, to he ran Saturday, Jan. 7.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 18:00,
12:30, 1:00, 1:80 or 1:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:4 ft p. m. and im
mediately after ths last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
_____ _ J AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND Souse
SECOND WEEK
MATINEES THURSDAY
AND SATURDAY
DAVID BELASCO PRESENTS
BLANCHE
BATES
i« The Darling of the Gods
SPECIAL MATINEE
THURSDAY
"Madame A My Aunt's
Butterfly" n Advice
The Play That D The Flay That
Makes Men Cry. Makes Men Laugh
LYRIC HALL WILL GREENBAUM
BURTON HOLMES
TRAVELOGUES
MAOEIYTCEHT COLORED VIEWS
ORIGINAL MOTION PICTURES
TWO COURSES EXACTLY ALIKE.
___________ Course A ' Course B
IN LONDON Tues.. Jan. 10 Wed., Jan. 11
ROUND ABOUT
LONDON Thum.Jan. 12, Fri., Jan. 11
IRELAND Sat., Jan. 14; Mon.. Jan. 16
RUSSIA Tues.. Jan. 17 Wed.. Jan. 18
JAPAN Thurs..Jan. 18; Fri.. Jan. 20
SALE OF COURSES TICKETS. 84. $3 AND
$2 THIS MORNING, at Sherman. Clay ft Co.'s,
corner Butter and Kearny streets.
GADSKI
THE GREAT SOPRANO
3 Concerts—Alhambra Theater
TO-NIGHT iat 8:15
THURSDAY NI6HT —SATURDAY MAT.
SEATS - - $2.00, $1.50, $1.00
At Sherman, Clay ft Co.'a, where pro-
Fischer's Theater
TONY LUBELBKI, General Manager.
High Class Vaudeville.
10c and 20c. Children 10c.
Afternoons at 2:30; evenings. .:30 and 8.
Continuous performances from 2 to 11 a n,
Saturday, Sunday and Holidays.
Ten Great Acta Moving Picture*
9_10
BIG HANDICAP WON BY CLAUDE
MARKING THE FIRST DAY'S RACING OF THE YEAR AT OAKLAND
RESULTS IN A SENSATIONAL STRUGGLE, WHICH IS FINALLY
DARUMA, WITH BULLMAN UP,
WINS TWO-YEAR-OLD EVENT
Daughter of sofitaire Never headed
Claude Carries His Weighty Impost
and Defeats Bombardier.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
By shouldering 132 pounds and win
ning the New Year handicap, at a mile
and an eighth. Claude threw 10,000 rac
ing enthusiasts into a state of frenzied
enthusiasm yesterday at Oakland. The
bay son of Lissak will long be remem
bered as one 6t the greatest horses that
ever faced the starter in California. He
handled his weighty impost with the
ease that Sandow would juggle a feath
er mattress, and it is just probable that
he could have carried in addition flat
cars loaded with gravel enough to fill
in the lately discovered crack in the
moon and then have won.
The holiday gathering was an im
mense one, though possibly not up to
the Christmas throng. Still there was
no room for a lounger anywhere, and a
pilot's license alone made navigation
through the betting ring a certainty.
Latest creations of the milliner's and
dressmaker's art contributed to making
the grand stand a dream of fairyland,
while wealth and fashion crowded and
elbowed each other on the clubhouse
lawn and verandas. The weather was a
reminder of a day spent in the Bermu
das, and the Easterners were perforce
compelled to acknowledge our climate
supreme.
FOUR OUTSIDERS LAND.
Then, again, there was variety and
spice enough about the sport to make
it interesting. Two successful favorites
and four outsiders to furnish the sur
prises left nothing to be desired. Con
ceding Claude the laurels of the big
event, worth $2210 to the winner, Daru
ma, the Napa Stock Farm representa
tive, carried off the honors by taking
the first two-year-old event of the sea
son.
A heavy track reduced the number
of starters in the handicap to a field
of five. To oppose Claude were the Jen
nings pair, Gold Money and Rockaway,
Bombardier and Modicum. It was not
an imposing alignment, and Mike
Daly's crack went into the starter's
hands a 13 to 20 favorite. Willie Daly
rode Claude, and previous to the race
Pa Daly, with a chart of the good and
bad spots of the course, gave his son
instructions enough to carry him
around the world in seventy-eight days.
Unfortunately for Willie, he could not
put them to practical use.
MODICUM AS PACEMAKER.
Jake Holtman gave the bunch a good
. send-off, but Daly was beaten to the
clubhouse turn by Modicum, so Willies
plans were knocked in the head at.the
commencement, for this placed him in
■the deep going on the rail. When Mod
icum faltered W. Davis astride Bom
bardier took his place, and on the far
turn it looked a ferry-boat to a custard
pie that Bombardier would capture the
plum. But prospective success ruined
Davis. Striking the stretch first, he
forced Daly on the favorite to keep in
on the rail. Then, a furlong from home,
when Claude began drawing up on his
mount, he could not resist departing
from the good path, but jammed Daly
in the heavy going, where he could
possibly do a bit of jockeying. This
equalized matters, and Claude, respond
ing to every call, outstayed and out
gamed the lightweight, winning by a
neck. Eight lengths back. Gold Money
ran third. The winner was the recipient
of a tremendous ovation, the equal of
which has seldom been witnessed on a
California track.
Next in importance came the kinder
garten event at three furlongs for 2
year-olds. Eleven baby racers sport
ed silk. D. Cameron's Sir Wilfred had
th« call at 12 to 5. Tips were numer
ous, especially on Daruma, Sis Hop
kins and Chief Wittman.
DARUMA ATTRACTS ATTENTION.
Daruma, the first of the get of the
English horse, Solitaire, to face the
barrier, attracted more than passing
attention, for Bullman had the leg up.
Alert as ever, Bullman got the shapely
filly away in front and she simply tow
roped her field, winning from Sir Wil
: fred by four open lengths in :36%.
Chief Wittman finished a fair third.
Bonner took the first race of the
new year with Alta G., a 10 to 1 shot,
played down to 4%. The mare got
away well and. opening up a gap of
• daylight over her field, won easily by
five open lengths. Emma Reubold, the
favorite, finished second, three lengths
before Inspector Munro. J. H. Ben
nett, backed at "long odds, failed to
make good.
Enough money was bet on Judge to
sink a ferry boat. Rector, a long shot,
beat him without effort for the six
furlong purse event, third to be de
cided. The price about Rector dropped
from 15 down to 8, and with Travers in
the saddle, the gelding made a run
away race of it. Michaels, who piloted
the first choice, Judge, did succeed in
leading out Ishlana for place honors.
Bullman rode his second winner of
the afternoon when he placed Sol Lich
tenstein over the home plate first for
the seven furlong selling number. Sol
closed a 4 to 5 chance, and in a busy
finish beat Dora I, the pacemaker, a
neck, with nothing to give away. Re
volt, the runner up for most of the
journey, ran into the show. The Lieu
tenant performed to no advantage.
LADY GOODRICH SCORES.
The after piece entitled "How to Fool
the- Native Sons," made an instantan
eous hit, and will later be taken to
dear old Broadway for Knickerbocker
approval. In it Lady Goodrich took
the part of the underestimated heroine
and ably supported by Charley Bell,
enlisted the sympathy of the smart
bettors from the raise of the curtain.
Her Ladyship played to a poor house
one week ago, but with added brass
in the orchestra and brand new scenic
effects, it looks as if she might still
occupy a proscenium box in the stellar
firmament. Charley Bell was seen at
his best. There was an absence of
ranting and fooling with the discard
and her opening quotation pared from
10 down to 4, Lady Goodrich strutted
in an imposing winner over Downpat
rick and Ara. A. Muskoday and Hooli
gan, first and second choices respec
tively, made as good a showing as
Parker did in the recent election.
TRACK NOTES.
Four field books accommodated bet
tors besides the twenty-five books in
the ring.
Arthur Redfern, the crack Eastern
rider, viewed the racing from the
ground. Arthur leaves for Hot Springs
shortly, where he will ride for Tommy
Griffin.
Dr. Dunn, track physician at Oak
land, received a hearty reception from
his many friends, it being his first ap-
HORSES WHICH
SHOULD SCORE
ON PAST FORM
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
First race—Haven Run, The Stew
ardess, Karabel.
Second race—Barrack, Allopath,
Rowena.
Third race—Hainault, M. A. Pow
ell, The Gadfly.
Fourth race—Red Cross Nurse,
Northwest, Follow Me.
Fifth race—Albemarle, Cousin Car
rie, Mocorlto.
Sixth race—Freckman, Veterano.
Major Man sir.
GOOD FIELDS
AT OAKLAND
In the last event on the card at
Oakland this afternoon Horatius, a
great favorite, makes his first appear
ance. The fields throughout are even
ly balanced and have a most open
look. The day's entries:
First race —Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up, selling.
7670 Lecturer (Woods) 110
7641 'Haven Run (Harris) 89
(7324) The Stewardess (Winter & Johnson). .105
7633 Box Elder (Moran) 104
7631 Serenity (Dayton & Kahn) 102
75114 Frank Pearce (Stephenson) 107
7617 •Karabel (Bottger & Harmon) 100
7643 'Batador (Fine) 102
7642 Aibonita (McAbee & Davis) 106
<7295)Claudator (Blackburn) 107
7(141 'Silurian (Lamasney Bros.) 102
7012 Resin (Walker & McKensle) 107
Second race—One mile and fifty yards, four
year-olds and up, selling.
7687 Barrack (Barrett) 114
7C24 *Mlss May Bowdish (Blaslngame) 99
7655 Dandle Belle (Winter & Johnson) 109
7001 *Rowena (Gaylord & Co.) 99
75!tf 'Duke of Richelieu (Gottung) 106
7630 »Myrtle H (Hertzell) 104
7643 Dollle H (Burnett) 104
7643 'Allopath (Lamasney Bros.) 104
7655 »Young Marlow (McLaughlin) 106
7655 Glenarvon (Summers) 11l
7617 'Mosketo (Strobel) 106
7655 Petrolia (McCarthy) 109
Third race—Seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and up, selling.
(7635) M. A. Powell (Jones & Lusk) 102
7649 •Gallant Cassie (Miller) 82
(7«4B)'Halnault (Thomas & Reavey) 105
7637 Mr. Farnum (Wilson) 100
766:} 'Dora I (Ryan) 99
6938 Pope Leo (Murray > 103
7669 Paddy Lynch (Lynch) 99
7695 Scotsman (Brinkworth A Co.) 104
7636 Fay Templeton (Dodge) 93
7035 'The Gadfly (Price) 95
Fourth race—One mile, three-year-olds and
up, selling:
7300 'Cracko (Thompson) 94
7654 'Red Cross Nurse (Molera & Josephs). 99
(7633)Meistersinger (Healey) 110
7575 'Royal Sweepstakes (Wilson) 89
(7596)F0110w Me (Mozter Bros.) 107
(7620)* Northwest (Figaro Stable) 95
7635 *Ban Jose (Wilson) 80
6448 Bob Palmer (Coalter) 99
7636 'Entre Nous (Nealon) 87
Fifth race—Six furlongs, four-year-old» and
up, selling:
7648 H-.pponax (Dean) 112
"648 War Times (Grossheim) 102
6830 Floriana Belle (Coffey) 102
7633 'Flaneur (Murray) 107
7619 'Cousin Carrie (Gaylord & Co.) 100
(7621)*Albemarle (Quinlan) 107
6625 The Hawaiian (Wilson) 104
(7641)Bronze Wing (Fountain) 107
(762-1 )*Educate (Hoppas) 105
7621 *Molto (Shannon) 102
7621 *Mocorito (Ryan) 105
Sixth race—One and an eighth miles, four
year-olds and up, purse:
Circus (Cora Eckert) 110
6581 Horatius iMt-Alester) 110
7882 Colonel Anderson (McLaughlin) 1C2
7652 Ink (Damasney Bros.) „ 105
7634 Veterano (Multnomah Stable) 105
7544 Major Mansir (Brinkworth & Co.) 102
7634 Freckman (Bradley & Dunn) 97
•Apprentice allowance.
Olympic Club Handball.
Two fast games were played in the
handball tournament at the Olympic
Club yesterday. Fred Baine defeated
Hugo Poheim in two straight games.
Scores, 21-10, 21-10. Baine proved
himself a great player. Poheim did
splendidly, but was no match for the
coming champion. George James suc
cumbed to H. Began after two excit
ing games. Scores 21-19, 21-8. In
the first game James played brilliant
ly. The tournament has shown that
men who play the old Irish game with
a hard ball have no license to play
with a soft ball. Al Hampton will
play Baine for the club champion
ship next Friday night. Bogan and
Baine will play on Wednesday night.
New Orleans Racing Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 2.—Results of to
day's races:
First race, one and three-sixteenth miles—
Captain Hugh Bradley won, Barca second,
Royal Arms third. Tlrie, 2:07 8-6.
Second race, one mile—St. Sever won,
Arachne second, Rabunta third. Time, 1:47 3-5.
Third race, six furlongs—Van Ness won,
Coruscate second. Josie third. Time, 1:17.
Fourth race, special handicap, six furlongs—
Trapper won. Janeta second. King's Trophy
third. Time, 1:16 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile—Midge won, Rankin
second. High Wind third. Time, 1:44 3-8.
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenth miles—
Rachael Ward won, Revellla second. Gravina
third. Time, 2:06 3-5.
Temple and Dixie Kid Fight Draw.
BALTIMORE. Md.. Jan. 2.—Larry
j Temple of New York and Dixie Kid
of San Francisco, colored middle-
I weights, fought fifteen rounds to a
. draw before the Eureka Club this af
ternoon.
pearance after a severe attack of ty
phoid fever.
Once more has Harry Stover lost
Hulford. The gelding was claimed out
of the first race by A. Yehl, owner of
Florinel.
Bullman was the only rider to pilot
two winners. John appears to be re
gaining his form, for his handling of
Daruma could not have been improved
upon.
Solitarie, sire of Daruma, was pur
chased in England, together with
Marius 11, for A. B. Spreckels, master
of Napa Stock Farm, by Enoch Wish
ard. Sons of this noted horse,, bred at
the Napa establishment, brought fabu
lous prices in New York last summer
and now a daughter brings him into
prominence by leading out a smart
field in the first kindergarten event of
the season. Trainer Bill Carroll is en
titled to much credit for the splendid
showing made by the young Miss.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
SILVER DICK DEFEATS A STRONG FIELD OF PONIES
Bas Blanes Captures Champion Stakes in Copper Colors of C. W. Clark
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Monday, Jan. 2. Weather fine. Track heavy.
7659. FIRST RACE—Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $328.
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
a.
7631 Alta G, 5 (Mrs. Hertzell)
7641 E. Reubold, 6 (Appleby & Co.).
7622 Inspector Munro, 4 (T. Fox)....
7619 Hulford. 4 (H. Stover)
7641 At Waddle, 4 (8. J. Jones)..
2368 C. Harrison Jr., a (J. Reilly).,
7631 Rene 5 (Lamasney Bros.)....
7571 Vulcaln, a (1* H. Ezell)
7642 J. H. Bennett, 5 (Romigh)
7107 Georgie Blaak. 4 (Hansen)
7426 Florlnel II. a (A. Yehl)
763" Contestant. 6 (D Meek)
4 ... 12 14 14 15
6 ... 3 I V< 2 2 2 2 3
3 ... 4h 51 42 31
5 ... 5 1 Vj4 2 3 1 4 2
7 ... 71 72 63 63
1 ... 22 61
10 ... 12 10 2 8 2 7 2
8 ... 10 2 11 3 92 83
2 ... 91 62 71 92
12 ... 8 3 0 1 10 3 10 3
9 ... 61 81 11 3 11 5
11 ... 11 2 12 12 12
uonner ....
iTravers ...
Greenfield ..
W. Knapp .
J. Jones ..
1 Minder
i Watson ...
[Barrett
I.
6
2
8
6
20
10
30
15
50
50
8
50
9-2
5-2
7
4
30
50
60
25
12
15
20
150
T. Clark ..
L. Fountain
|T. Stewart .
|F. Hlldbrnd
Time, :25%. :51, 1:14V 4 . At post 5 minutes. Off at 2:18%. Alta, place, 8-5; show, 4-6.
Reubold. place, 1; show, 1-2. Munro, show, 3-2. Winner, rh. m. by Nephew-Llllie W.
Trained'by G. March. Start good. Won easing up. Second easily. Third driving.
Alta G ''doped" the best and won in ragtime. Emma Reubold ran to her notch. Munro
Improved. Hulford not ready, but will do soon. J. H. Bennett a false alarm.
7660. SECOND RACE—Three furlongs; purse; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. |WtjSt. %.
.... IDaruma (Napa Stock Farm). Ill, 1 ...
Sir Wilfred (D. Cameron) |ll4 5 ...
.... Chief Wiltman (Ferguson) [114 2 ...
.... Arestallator (Summers & Co.).|114 4 ...
.... Bellona (W. Macdonough) Jill 3 ...
F. W. Barr (Stanfield & Ellis). 114! 6 ...
iSis Hopkins (Harris & Co.).\ tll| 7 ...
.... I'm Joe (J. Steel) |ll4ill ...
.... jAbe Meyer (H. Stover) Ill » ...
Yolo Girl (A. Forbes & Co.)..llll lO ...
Key Boute (Biasingame Bros.) Ill 8 ...
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
... 14 14
... 2 4 2 8
... 3 1 3 h
... 7 \i, 4 h
... 4 2 5 h
... B 1 6 2
... 5 h 7 3
... 10 h 83
... 9 1 9 1
... 11 10 1
... 8 %11
%. Str. Fin.
I Jockey.
Bullman ....
J. Jones*...
Helgesen ...
Travers ....
Jenkins ....
Minder .
W. Davis ..
H. Michaels
|W. Knapp..
Anderson ..
Crosswaite
8
7-5
4
10
10
4
5
6
6
20
20
Time. :24V4, :36%. At post X% minutes. Off at 2:44. Daruma, place, 2; show, 1. Wilfred,
place, 6-5; show, 3-5. Wittman. show. 6-5. Winner, eh. f. by Solitaire-Georgia VL
Trained by C. W. Carroll. Scratched —Arodon. Start fair. Won cleverly. Balance
driving hard. Winner is a smart filly and Bullman got ofr sailing. Sir Wilfred not
the wonder he was cracked up to be. Chief Wittman ran a clever race. I'm Joe will do
some day. He has plenty of speed. Abe Meyer Is fast, too.
76«t. THIRD RACE—Six furlongs; purse; four-year-olds; value to first, $325.
7645 | Rector (C. E. Eckert)
7656 Judge (J. J. McAlester)
7656 Ishlana (D. A. Roes)
7625 |Capt. Forsee (New England S.)
7U20 Rowena (Gaylord & Co.)
5646 |F. E. Shaw (Bianchi & Co.)..
3 ... 11 13
1 ... 2h33 2n 2 %
2 ... 32 2n32 36
5 ... 53 41 64 4n
4 . 41 53 4h 6 12
6 ... 6 6 6 6
IH. Michaels
[McBride ...
jBullman ...
IW Knapp ..
I Bell
15 8
6-6 11-10
3 13-5
8 13
3 11-2
8 20
Time, :24%, :49, 1:15%. At .post XVt minutes. Off at 3:09. Rector, place. 5-2; show, 1.
Judge, place. 2-5; show, 1-5. Ishlana, show, 2-5. Winner, eh. g. by Crowberry-Lenten
Lily. Trained by G.. 8. Bernhardt. Start good. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Rector possibly best. Judge had Michaels on his back, and that should enlist some
sympathy for his cause. Ishlana not much. Captain Forsee has gone back. Rowena
will have to mix with the lower set. Bell tried Shaw.
7662. FOURTH RACE—One and an eighth miles; New Year's handicap; 3-year-olds and
up; value to first, $2210; second, $400; third. $200.
Claude, Q (M. J. Daly) !
Bombardier, 4 (P. Skinner)..
Gold Money. 5 (Jennings).... !
Modicum. 5 (D. S. Fountain)..
Rockaway, 4 (Jennings) p
1 2 ><, 2 % 2 2 2 2 In W. Daly...
5 4 h 3 3 1 3 1 3 2 8 |W. Davis..
3 3 h 4 1 4 8 4 IB 3 ns IW. Knapp.
2 11 1 h 3 3 3 1 4 25 HL Fountain
4 6 5 5 5 5 jBonner ...
7-10 13-2
6 18-
5-2 18-
8 2
29
Time— :25, :50%, 1:16%. 1:43%, 1:56%. At post % minute. Off at 3:40. Claude, place.
1-4; show, 1-7. Bombardier, place, 7-10; show, 1-3. Money, show, 1-2. Jennings en
try, show out. Winner, b. h. by Lisaak-Lida H. Trained by M. J. Daly. Scratched —
Military Man, Leila, Ananias. Start good. Won first two driving hard. Third same.
Claude was in the worst going all the way. Modicum bothered him on" the first turn. As
race was run. ridden with better judgment Bombardier might have won. Davis took him
In the bad going through the stretch in an effort to hook Claude. Rockaway not ready.
Going did not suit Money. 'Coupled with Gold Money.
760.*t. FIFTH RACE—Seven furlongs; 4-year-olds and up; selling; value to first, $325.
Index 1 Horse and Owner. IW
7462 I Sol Lichtenstein, 6 (Madlson)llOI
(7615)|Dora I. 6 (J. Ryan) 10
74154 'Revolt, 5 (V. Gilbert) 10
7605 (Trapsetter 4 (L. H. Ezell) 9i
7648 Brennus, 5 (Judge & Co.) 10
7615 The Lieutenant, 4 (H. Stover) 10
7616 The Fretter, a (O'Rourke) 111
6077 Bill Massle, a (Skinner Co.).. 101
VtlSt. %. Vt. %. Str. Fin.
i
W 3 2 h 3 2 3 2 3 2 In
K! 1 12 1 % 1 % 1 H 2 8
)7|7 8 >i 2 H 2 Vi 2 n 34
>6 5 7 6 7 J 7 10 « % 4 "4
» 6 6 3 52 4 ij 6 3 52
)1 2 43 4h 53 4h 62
12 4 5 % C 6 6 4 7 15 7 15
)5 8 8 S 8 8 8
Hull man ...
iMcBride ..
jW. Knapp.
iBarrett
1
0
6
30
10
4
8
12
4-5
8
•
60
20
7
15
26
101
'Jenkins ...
!J. Jones...
Minder
Time— :2i%, :50V,. 1:17%, 1:80%. At post 3 minutes. Off at 4:11. Sol place, 2-5; show,
1-5. Dora, place, 8-5; show, 4-6. Revolt, show, 1. Winner, blk. g\ by St. George-Ada.
Trained by J. Madison. Scratched —Haven Run, Batldor, Flaneur. Start poor. Won first
two driving hard. Third stopping. Bullman rated Sol and nearly waited too long. Dora
I ran to form. Revolt tired. Brennus not at his best. The Lieutenant has an ailing
foot. The Fretter no speed.
7664. SIXTH RACE—One mile and fifty yards; 8-year-olds; purse; value to first, 1325.
Horse and Owner.
7628
7661
7628
762S
76C8
7644
763!)
Lady Goodrich (Applegate)...
Downpatrlck (Ryan A Co.)
Ara (Stevens St Son)
Hooligan (D. S. Fountain)
A Muskoday (G. W. Dodge)..
Big Beach (G. W. Wilson)
Ferryman (M. J. Daly)
6 1 h 2 3 22 21 1 "ii
3 2 _% 1 % 1 h 1 Vi 2 3
1 5 2 Sh 3 2 32 33
7 63 6 H 5 4 5 3 41
5 83 43 43 42 5 15
2 4 Va 6 5 6 10 6 10 88
4 7 7 7 7 7
15011
'. Jones.
IV. Davis..
10 6
6 8
4 5
5-2 18-5
2 5-2
6 t
25 60
erson ..
ner
Daly.. .
Time— :25, :50%, 1:16%, 1:45, 1:48%. At post 8 minutes. Off at 4:88%. Goodrich, place,
2; show, 4-6. Downpatrick, place, 5-2; show, 6-5. Ara, show, 1. Winner, b. f. by
Goodrich-Volma. Trained by C. Snyder. Start good. Won easing up. Second and third
driving. Even the near sighted bettors and those afflicted with astigmatism strung with
Lady Goodrich this beautiful holiday. Downpatrick did his best. Hooligan requires
stronger handling. Muskoday hadn't eaten enough for four days to give a White Nils
chimpanzee the wind colic.
DARUMA'S TABULATED PEDIGREE.
rAyreshrre (») ...
i Solitaire (12) imp. \
iSolesky
fFlambeau (2) ...
Georgia VI ...a»«{
1 Goula, imp
nampion uu; oy uora cnrden c
Atlanta by Galopln C
Thunder (2) by Thunderbolt (1
Utopia by Rataplan (i
•Wild Idle by..Imp. Australian (1
Flirt, imp by Hermit (I
Exminster (7) by Neuminster (I
Qoura by Beadsman (11
And on to the nineteenth dam, Tregonweirs
Daruma 1* from the Bruce Lowe family
No 1. Her dam Is a young mare by Flam
beau the best son of Wild Idle. She has two
crosses of Stockwell and one of his full brother.
Rataplan, two of Hermit and a double cross
of imp. Emelia, the dam of Imp. Australian
and is the dam of Orpheus among other
noted winners. Imp. Solitaire, her sire, was
a very high class racehorse and a close rel
ative to La Carmargo, the champion race mare
of France which sold for more than any other
mar e purchased expressly to be bred to Flying
Fresno Football Men Beat Selma.
FRESNO, Jan. 2.—Fresno football
men defeated Selma to-day in a game
for the championship of the San Joa
quin Valley by a score of 17 to 0.
Fresno was coached by Kavanaugh,
the Olympic center, and Selma by
Mini, the former University of Cal
ifornia halfback. Pete Smith of the
Olympics refereed, and Kittrelle of
Berkeley umpired. Fred Scott, W. S.
Chapman, J. Jarrett and J. B. Steph
enson, an ex-Stanford player, played
a star game for Fresno.
. Daly'.!'
barb mare.
Fox. Ho wu winner of the gold vase at
Ascot (two miles) and the champion stakes
at Newmarket (one and three-quarter miles)
In 1887. His sire, Ayreshlre, was the best
racehorse of his day, winner of the Derby and
2000 ruineas in 1888 and eleven other races.
Among his get in the United States are
Bowling Brook, a Belmont stake winner: Peep
o' Day, a winner of twelve races, and Imp.
Slave. Daruma, both on her sire's female and
her own line, comes from the very best of Eng
lish blood lines.
Swimmer Breaks a Record.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2. —E. P. Swatek
of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, in an open meet here to-night,
broke the world's record for under
water swimming. In accomplishing
this feat, however, the swimmer re
mained under water so long that he
collapsed completely and had to be
rescued. Swatek covered a distance
of 320 feet, a record that supplants
the mark of 312 feet held by T. W.
Riley of London, England.
EXCITING FINISH OF THE QUARTER-MILE PONY RACE AT SAN MATEO AND THE WINNER.
GOOD RACING
AT SAN MATEO
Brilliant sport marked the racing on
the private course of Charles W. Clark
at San Mateo yesterday, under the aus
pices of the California Polo and Pony
Racing Association. The stands were
well filled, while there was a brave
showing of automobiles, four-in-hands
and smart traps lined up along the in
field fence. All were filled with people
well known in the fashionable world.
Rudolph Spreckels carried off the
lion's share of the honors, his ponies
finishing first in three of the five races.
Through bad racing luck his beautiful
mare Becky did not have a chance to
show her speed in the quarter-mile race,
in which she was defeated in compara
tively slow time by W. S. Hobarfs Sil
ver Dick.
Charley Dunphy, who is as alert at
the post as John Bullman, had the leg
up on Silver Dick. There were several
false breaks at the post, in all of which
Dunphy was away flying. When a
start was finally effected Dunphy was
out in front with the Hobart pony.
Becky was off absolutely last and was
tangled up with another pony. Frank
Skinner had to take her wide at the
turn. She finished at a tremendous
pace, cutting down Silver Dick's lead to
one and a half lengths at the wire.
Hobart had two strings to his bow, as
he also started Marigold, which he
scratched out of another race. Silver
Dick had all the racing luck and
Charley Dunphy hustled him along the
entire journey, never giving him a
chance to loiter.
The interest in the Champion stakes,
at six furlongs, run for the first time
at this meeting, was lessened when
it was found Fusillade would be an
absentee. This left Rudolph Spreckels
and C. W. Clark each represented by
two entries. Charley Dunphy sported
the copper colors of Mr. Clark on Bas
Blancs, a sweet bay pony. He got her
off in front and soon opened up a gap
of three lengths on his field. They
were never able to reduce this lead, Bas
Blancs winning cleverly from Honoma.
The last race furnished the greatest
surprise of the day, Charley Dunphy
rode Carlotta, the crack Southern
California mare which was made a
strong favorite. She assumed the lead
at the start but was displaced by
Brown Peggy after a furlong had been
covered. The latter led into the
stretch, where she was passed by Car
lotta and a shout went up, "Carlotta
wins!"
A moment after R. J. Dunphy
brought Mr. Spreckels' Cheerful up
with a rush and the two brothers
hooked up in a desperate finish. R. J.
Dunphy finally landed Cheerful a
winner by the shortest of necks, Car
lotta being second.
The cerise, green fleur de lis of Ru
dolph Spreckels were carried to vic
tory in the first race, at three-six
teenths of a mile, by his pony Don,
ridden by Frank Skinner. Charley
Dunphy shot into the lead at the start
with C. W. Clark's Silver Queen and
held the advantage well into the
stretch. Once Don was straightened
out for home he outfooted his field and
won easily by an open length.
R. J. Dunphy followed in the foot
steps of his illustrious brother, Charley,
landing Mr. Spreckels' bay mare Hope
ful an easy first in the race at three
eighths of a mile. He opened up a gap
at the start which the others could not
overcome, winning ultimately by two
lengths. In a whipping finish C. W.
Clark's Chanate beat Rudolph Spreck
els' Lady Gay for the place.
Frank Skinner finished first once and
second twice. Charley Dunphy rode
two winners and two place horses. R.
J. Dunphy, who made his debut as a
gentleman jockey, rode two winners in
clever style.
There will be racing again next Sat
urday when larger fields will prevail.
The day's results:
Three-sixteenths of a mile—
Rudolph Spreckels" I>on. 158 (Skinner) 1
C W. Clark's Silver Queen, 131 (C. Dunphy)..2
C. W. Clark's Cakewalk. 145 (Clagstone) 3
Time, :19W,. Queen Rucker and Mary Alleen
also ran.
Three-eighths of a mile —
Rudolph Spreckels' Hopeful, 146 (R. J. Dun
phy) 1
C. W. Clark's Chanate. 152 (Clagstone) 2
Rudolph Spreckels' Lady Gay. 151 (Skinner).."!
Time, :39. Carlotta and Maudie Swift also
ran.
Quarter-mile —
W. S. Hobarfs Silver Dick. 160 (C. Dunphy)..l
Rudolph Spreckels' Becky. 155 (Skinner) :.2
W. 8. Hobarfs Marigold 155 (Carolan) 3
Time, :25Vi>. Queen Rucker. Cakewalk and
Althomer also ran.
The Champion stakes, six furlongs—
C. W. Clark's Bas Blancs. 150 (C. Dunphy)..l
Rudolph Spreckels' Honoma, 150 (Skinner).. .2
C. W. Clark's Morning Glory, 150 (R. M.
Tobin- 3
Time by quarters, :26. :53, 1:24. Lotrix also
Half-mil*—•
Rudolph SrJreckels' Cheerful, 140 (R. J. Dun
phy) 1
W re. Pedley's Carlotta, 150 (C. Dunphy) 2
Rudolph Spreckels' Don. 153 (R. M. Tobin)..B
Time. :54%. Brown Peggy also ran.
AEOLUS IS VICTORIOUS
IN THE HOLIDAY STAKES
Aeolus showed a flash of his old
time form yesterday by showing his
heels to a fleet field of greyhounds at
Union Coursing Park. Aeolus won his
trials strictly on merit, leading and
outworking his opponents. Ina Cis
sus was beaten easily in the deciding
course by a score of 10 to 1. Charter
Member was made the stake favorite,
but his chances were ruined by hav
ing an undecided course in the fourth
round with Daisy Rocket. He was
beaten in the next round.
The betting during the day was
brisk and the talent fared badly, as
there were thirteen winning outsiders.
The defeat of Texas Jill at 5 to 1 and
also the defeat of Rocked Asleep by
Texas Mamie at like odds were rude
shocks to the wise players. Follow
ing is the way the dogs ran, with the
scores of Judge J. P. Reilly:
First round —Dorothy M beat Bob R, 7-5;
Charter Member beat Kalispel, 8-1; Jigamaroo
beat Sherman. 10-3; Muggsy beat Romping
Girl, 8-1; Mimico beat Liberator. 0-2; Stingaree
beat Checkers, 7-4; Daisy Rocket beat Kittle
man, 2t-0; Duncan beat Texas JIU, 4-2; Aeolus
beat Reckless Rose, 6-0; Texas Hoo Hoo beat
Frisky Boy, 7-0; Quicksand beat The Sheriff.
7-2; Renegade Apache beat Annie Ryne, 5-1;
Rapid Water beat Lucy Glitters, 4-2; May
Tunison beat Mellinwood, 8-6; Belle Marie beat
Little Mercy 6-1; Story's Sister beat Red But
terfly, 7-0; Yellowstone beat Siroc, 6-4; Syl
vester beat Belfast, 4-3; Graceful beat North
ern Lad, 8-6; Ina Cissua beat Irma Hotfoot
6-0; Cranberry Sauce beat Foxhunter, 3-2;
Texas Mamie beat Rocked Asleep, 7-5- Mc-
Henry a bye, Sunnybrook withdrawn; Presto
beat lone Hill, 7-3.
Second round —Charter Member beat Dorothy
M, 12-7; Jlgamaroo beat Muggsy. 6-2; Mimico
beat Stingaree, 2-1; Daisy Rocket beat Dun
can, 4-3; Aeolus beat Texas Hoo Hoo, 7-0-
Quicksand beat Renegade Apache, 8-4;' May
Tunison beat Rapid Water, 6-0; Belle Marie
beat Story's Sister, 5-2; Yellowstone beat Syl
vester, 9-7; Ina Clssus beat Graceful, 8-2-
Cranberry Sauce beat Texas Mamie, 5-3- presto
beat McHenry. JO-6.
Third round —Charter Member beat Jlgama
roo. 10-3; Daisy Rocket beat Mimico. 13-4-
Aeolus beat Quicksand, 6-5; Belle Marie beat
May Tunison, 9-4; Ina Clssus a bye, Yellow
stone withdrawn; Presto beat Cranberry Sauce,
6- 5.
Fourth round—Charter Member beat Daisy
Rocket, 11-5; Aeolus beat Belle Marie 6-2-
Ina Clssus beat Presto, 7-5.
Fifth round—Aeolus beat Charter Member
7- 2; Ina Clssus a bye. , '
Deciding course—L. Cord fir's Aeolus (For
Freedom-Golden Russett) beat E. Geary's Ina
Clssus (Narcissus-Geary's Bonnie Lass), 10-L
GOLFER ABBOTT
IN RARE FORM
S. L«. Abbott Jr. was In gTeat form
yesterday on the course of the San
Francisco Golf and Country Club. He
won the Liverpool gold medal, which
is emblematic of the golf champion
ship of the club at medal play, with
a score of 38, 42, total 80, for eighteen
holes. He also won the prize for the
best gross score in the thirty-six hole
handicap, with 38, 42, 46, 48, total
174. As he received a handicap of 12
strokes his net score for the thirty
six holes was 162, the lowest net score
made during the day.
The prize for best net score went,
however, to Dr. F. \V. Clampett, with
168, as it is not the practice to award
the prizes for best gross and best net
scores to the same competitor. B. D.
Adamson, though he has been absent
from the links for more than a year,
returned the excellent gross score for
the thirty-six holes of 175, his after
noon rounds of 43, 42 being the best
made after luncheon. The name of
S. L. Abbott Jr. will be engraved on
the Shreve shield, .which is a conspic
uous ornament of the clubhouse man
telpiece. The course was in good con
dition and the weather favorable to
golf. The full details are shown in
the table:
■THIRTY-SIX HOLE HANDICAP AND CON
TEST FOR LIVERPOOL MEDAL.
COMPETITORS.
2
3
0»
8
a
3
E
|
5
a
I
a a
i I
: I
•a
7.
■
S. L. Abbot Jr
F. W. Clampett
C. H. Bentley
S. C. Buck bee
B. D. A damson
H. A. Blackman
t'harles Page...
H. C. Golcher
Leonard Ohenery....
J. R. Clark
Admiral Trilley....
L. B. Edwards
R. J. Woods
Captain J. S. Oyster.
W. J. Dutton
T. W. M. Draper....
G. E. Star
W. Gregory
W. H. La Boyteaux.
R. V. Watt 4 ..
n
53 2i
42 r
49111
47 11
391 r
51 ill
47 11
...
....
...
I...
As shown in the foregoing table,
the following made returns for the
first two rounds, for the Liverpool
medal, only: G. E. Starr, 49, 48 to
tal 97; Warren Gregory. 49, 56, total
105, and Rolla V. Watt, 44, 50, total
94. Worthlngton Ames, handicap 20
E. N. Bee, handicap 32, and C. W
Bennett, handicap 36, made no" re
turns. ,
The annual meeting and election of
officers of the San Francisco Golf and
Country Club will be held in the club
house next Saturday afternoon at 4
o'clock.
Weibel Breaks Cycling Record.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2.—ln the century
run made by the Garden City Wheel
men, beginning- at midnight Saturday
Weibel made a record of 100 miles iti
five hours and one minute. The pre
vious best record was five hours and
three minutes, made by the Sacramen
to Wheelmen in 1900.
It may seem odd. but a fellow isn't
in the swim when society throws him
overboard.RESOURCES OF GLENN COUNTY ARE DESCRIBED
Great Area Is Rich in Possibilities That Are Alluring
GLENN County this morning is given opportunity to draw the attention of the world, through the columns of The Call,
to its vast and fertile domain. on%'hich many thousands of persons could easily he accommodated and all find homes
and prosperity within their reach. The wheat ranches have been superseded by small farms. Towns and cities have
sprung up where formerly the land was devoted to one crop and lauds have been made to blossom as the rose by the intelligent
application of labor and irrigation. The list of the rich products of the county submitted is sufficient to attract attention even
in opulent California.
GREAT CENTRAL CANAL, FORTY MILES LONG AND WITH A BIG FLOW, WHICH SUPPLIES IRRIGATION FOB TWO COUNTIES,
Isidore J. Proulx has written for The
Call an account of Glenn County,
which he describes as "the gem of the
Sacramento Valley." Its southern line
is 110 miles north of San Francisco and
sixty miles north of Sacramento. It
contains 850,000 acres. Between the
• Sacramento River and the first low
hills on the west are more than 300,000
acres of level land. Just west of this
is a belt of low, rolling hills, in which
73,000 acres are in cultivation. The
. steeper hills cover about 150.000 acres
. that are principally used for grazing.
The hills protect many rich vaileys
which yield abundantly. In the narrow
• valley of Stony Creek are 50.000 Acres
of farming land, with about an equal
u mount of grazing land between the
' valley and the mountains proper.
Mr. Proulx writes:
• 'The higher mountains are by no
means a wilderness, but abound in cozy
homes of hardy mountaineers and
; ] leasant summer residences of dwellers
of the plain, drawn hither in pursuit of
deer and trout
Stony Creek rises in Colusa County.
. twenfy-miles south of the county line,
. .and Mows north through a narrow val
intil it has traversed two-thirds of
° <Jlenn County. Here it receives the
water of Grindstone Creek, which car
. lies about an equal volume, and to
gether they begin to force their way
. Ihrouph the ranges of hills that parallel
the mountains. From here the course
• is northeast till it passes the last of
; these barriers at a point in Tehama
•County, one mile north of the county
line, and fourteen mile* west of the
It then turns anj flows south
easterly till it reaches the Sacramento
River nine miles south of the north
. boundary line of Glenn County, and
'• due east from the point where it breaks
through the first range of hills.
COUNTY'S GARDEN SPOTS.
"Willows, the garden spot, county
seat and principal town of Glenn Coun
ty, is located on the railroad a little
. buuth of the center of the county. The
. < ounty buildings, consisting of a splen
did,'modern courthouse and a jail and
• hospital, are located here. It has a
• JiO.ooo grammar school building and a
. tine high school building, which was
completed last year.
'The town is lighted by electricity.
. and has splendid water works, which
furnish pure, good water for domestic
and fire purposes. It has two well
equipped hose companies.
"A creamery, centrally located and
fitted up in the most modern style and
.with up-to-date machinery, is one of
• the industries.
"The streets are perfectly graded,
graveled and oiled and lined on either
side with shade trees The sidewalks
in the residence portion of the town
•are all graveled with nice fine gravel
■ and in the business portion of the town
•they are paved with concrete. Visitors
"to Willows notice the fine orange and
lemons that are grown in the town.
• "The lovers of civic or secret socie
' ties find flourishing lodges of Masons,
\ Odd Fellows. Woodmen of the World,'
Workmen, Eastern Stars and Re
• bekahs. There are four splendid
, churches and five organizations—Cath
• olic, Baptist, M. E. Church South,
.Episcopalian and Christian—all having
gr od congregations and regular serv
ices.
- "Willows Is governed wisely and
economically, the-e being no town debt.
•'The population of the Incorporated
.. town and its additions is 2000, and Is
rapidly increasing; the breaking up of
the large ranches near has infused new
. dfe into the community.
"Transportation facilities are excel
lent. The main line of railroad passes
' tn . r< ? u * n tne county from north to south,
with a branch extending to Frutn.
steamboats ply regularly to all points
on the river, and with their great
carrying several tons in tow
' ?? ey , furnls h cheap transportation for
• tne immense crops of wheat, barley
?ands ther produce raise(l on contiguous
The wagon roads are unsurpassed'
and are never muddy In winter and
• seldom dusty In summer. They are a
■valuable asset to the farmer, since they
permit him to move his produce to
railroad or river at a moderate ex
pense. All streams and water ways are
crossed by substantial bridges. Good
horses, bicycles and automobiles are'
I very much In evidence. Traveling over
j such roads is a rare pleasure.
"Orland. in size the second town in
• the county, is on tho railroad, seven
! teen miles north of Willows. It has a
j fine graded school and a high school,
j There are several orange groves in Or
| land and a fine orange and lemon nurs
i cry. A small irrigation canal in that
; section of the county passes through
! the town. Orland is growing very rap
, idly. ,
"The other railroad towns are Ger
mantown, near the center of the coun
j ty, and Norman, near the south boun
; dary, and Fruto, seventeen miles west
|of Willows and the terminus of the
, branch railroad running from Willows.
' Elk Creek <uid Newville are thriving
: villages in the valley at the base of
I tho mountains on the west. Butte City
| is located on the rich lands on the east
side of the river. Jacinto, which was
an important business center many
years ago, is situated on the west bank
of the river, about midway of the
Glenn ranch. It has long been omit
ted from the list of towns, but will now
have to be reinstated, as the sale of
this land has created a demand for the
town, which has been surveyed and
platted.
SCHOOLS ARE ABUNDANT.
'"California has always made liberal
provision for schools, and those of
Glenn County are up to the high stand
ard of the State. There are thirty
seven districts, employing forty-seven
teachers, besides the two high schools,
one of which is at Willows, the other
at Orland. Two new districts have re
cently been formed on the Glenn ranch,
made necessary by the settlement of
these lands, and it is a matter of but
a short time before others will be or
ganized.
"The rights of children are well pro
tected. As soon as fifteen of school age
arc- brought together in a new locality
a school is equipped for their instruc
tion.
"There are more than a dozen fine
church buildings in the county—four
at Willows, three at Orland, two at
Butte City, while Germantown, Elk
Creek, Newville and Afton have houses
[ of worship.
"The population of Glenn County in
1900 was 5150. In wealth per capita
it is the richest county in the State,
and with the recognized standing of
California in this regard, this is equiv
alent to saying that here the oppor
tunities for brain or brawn are greater
than in any other part of the world.
"There is not a foot of desert land,
nor an acre of submerged land in the
county, if we except the beds of the
running streams. Every part is fer
tile and productive. From the garden
lands along the river and other
streams, through the grain fields and
stock pastures, up the hillsides,
through the goat ranges, to the forest
of the valuable timber on the high
mountains, every acre is contributing
something to the wealth and comfort
of the inhabitants.
"Stony Creek is the last stream on
the west side of the valley that emp
ties directly in the river. Those
north of it have not sufficient volume
to build up the valley as fast as the
river does, consequently the river is
flowing on a slight elevation, or ridge,
the land sloping gently down to the
west for a few miles to the bottom of
the 'trough,' and from there grad
ually rising to the base of the west
ern hills. This 'trough,' as It is called,
has its beginning about half way be
tween the north and south boundaries
of Glenn County and deepens as it ex
tends down the valley, until in the
counties below It becomes a basin, re
taining its waters till late in the sea
son.
GREAT FERTILE AREAS.
"Before the days of the levees, the
overflow from the river at flood time
used to rush back to this 'trough' and «
on to the south, adding fertility to the j
soil and building up the land by de- !
positing its sediment. Consequently
the land between the river and the
bottom of this depression is known as
river land and is the richest to be
found. All the 40,000 acres east of
the river and over 80,000 acres on the
west side are of this character. The
country between this depression and
the hills is known as nlains land, and
is also very fertile.
"It varies In character from * the
gravel of a narrow strip near the mid
dle of the plain, to the richest black •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
adobe. 50,000 acres of which are ly
ing west and south of Willows. There
is also a large area of black adobe
of slightly different character, in that
it contains a large percentage of or
ganic matter, northeast of Willows
along the west side of the Glenn
ranch. Near the north side of this
ranch and extending back to the mid
dle of the plain is a large body of
a reddish clayey soil that is recognized
as being the best wheat land in ex
istence.
•'Just north of Willows, Willow
Creek has built up a broad belt of al
luvial soil closely allied to that along
the river, and has carried it across
the plains from the hills to the river
land. Just north of this, near the
center of the plains, is a great bed
cf whitish clay soil which produces
abundant crops of cereals.
"Those six soils—the two adobes, the
two clays and the two loams—are for
grain-growing of almost equal value
and are held at about the same prices.
Besides these there are smaller bodies
of different grades, such as gray grav
el, red gravel, white silt, etc., each be
ing the soil par excellence for some
particular crops, as alfalfa, citrus
fruits, grapes, etc. Back among the
hills are many small valleys contain
ing several hundred acres with soil
similar to the best along the western
rim of the plain.
"Just south of Willows, along the
bottom of the depression referred to as
the trough, is a narrow strip of very
fiat land of poorer quality, which can
be classed only as grazing land. There
are only about 16,000 acres of this in
Glenn County, but as the railroad runs
along it and through it visitors fre
quently get the impression that south
of Willows good land is rather scarce.
The truth is that on either side of this
is to be found the richest land in the
valley.
' The latitude of Willows is 39 degrees
30 minutes north, which is practically
the same as Baltimore and Cincinnati.
This fact makes it hard for people
from the Eastern to understand
why there Is a mild, semi-tropical cli
mate in the Sacramento Valley. To one
familiar with the elements of physical
geography a little reflection explains
the matter. The western side of each
continent is warmer than the corre
sponding latitude on the eastern side,
and when a comparison is sought the*
Pacific Coast of America should be
compared, not with our Atlantic States,
but with the western coast of Europe.
Glenn County is three degrees farther
south than the extreme southern point
of France, and most of Spain and all of
Italy lie farther north than Willows.
The records of the Government observ
ers show the climate of Glenn County
to be very similar to that of Sicily, the
island so famous for its lemon groves.
U'Xl RIAXT VEGETATION.
"To visitors the climate is vouched
for by stately palms, by bearing olives,
oranges, lemons and even limes; by
mammoth fig trees producing tons of
fruit each season; by the luxuriant
growth in the open air of thousands of
semi-tropical shrubs and vines, and by
ever blooming flowers. Roses bloom in
December and January—though not in
such profusion as in May and June,
when every bush is a large bouquet.
"Glenn County is well watered and its
opportunities for irrigation are ideal.
Butte Creek, already referred to as the
southeastern boundary, is a living
Stream, carrying a large volume of wa
ter from the Sierras. The Sacramento
River.which at all seasons carries suf
ficient water to irrigate the whole val
ley, is tapped near the north line of the
county by the Great Central canal.
This great canal was begun about fif
teen years ago by the Central Irriga
tion District, which comprised 52,000
acres in Glenn County and over 80,000
in Colusa County, all being plains land
lying west of the trough.
"Owing to some defect in the organ
ization and a consequent legal tangle,
the ditch was not completed. Two
years ago it came into possession of
the Central and Irrigation Company,
which is now about ready to deliver
water to these lands. Not content,
howevtr, with furnishing water for this
vast area, the company has already a
big ditch down the river which will
serve 60,000 acres in Glenn County, in
cluding the famous Glenn and Packer
ranches, and much more in Colusa
County, Including the great ranch of
Senator Boggs.
■
' This la all land of the richest qual
ity, lying east of the trough and out
si.lt- of the limit of the old irrigation
district.
"Water has been already turned into
this big ditch and lateral ditches are
now being made to those who are hold
ing water rights and are wanting wa
ter for next season's irrigation.
WATKR IS SUFFICIENT.
»'To him who does not find a canal
ready to deliver water to his land or
who wishes to be complete master of
the source of his supply, the water be
neath the soil is an easy solution of the
problem of irrigation. There are sev
eral well-defined strata of water bear
ing gravel beneath every bit of the
valley lands.
. "Irrigation in Glenn County is no
experiment, as water has been success
fully applied to the soil in the northern
part of the county for many years.
As an illustration it may be well to
mention a little Glenn County irrigated
farm of but one acre, which has re
cently become as famous as the Glenn
ranch with its many thousand acres.
This is the farm of the late S. G.
Cleek. On the one acre Mr. Cleek
comfortably supported himself and
wife, and beside contributing to church
work in which he was interested was
able to save something like $400 a
year."
All fruits grow to perfection in Glenn
County. Irrigation is not necessary, as
the average rainfall is 17 to 18 inches
in the valley portion and more in the
hills. The county is a la*hd of bound
less opportunities for live people. Mr.
Proulx adds the following statements:
P—ch—. pears and prunes yield from |200
to <3no per acre, and begin bearing the third
and fourth year. No other fresh fruit Is so
easily handled as Bartlett pears, nor any
other bo easily dried as prunes. All the
finest canned peaches In the world * market
come from the Sacramento Valley.
Here one can have a home of his own,
with his cows and pigs and chickens fur
nUhin.; him with fresh milk, butter, meat
and eg:*, and In his own bark yard in
proper season can gather apples, apricots
almonds, cherries, fig?, plums, prunes, pome
granates, grapefruit, grapes, lemons, limes,
louuats. oranges, olives, peaches, pears, per
simmons, qulnoes, walnuts, blackberries and
strawberries. He can from his own garden
iet the best and tenderest of vegetables, and
be always at home with or near to his wife
and children. Is It a wonder that in such a
land the great wheat kings are finding It dif
ficult to get,,men enough to plow and sow and
reap for them?
VARIED CELEBRATION
OPENS THE NEW YEAR
Rweptlon, Gymnasium Work and
Dramatic Entertainment by Young
Men's Christian Association.
The advent of the new year was fit
tingly celebrated by the members of
the Young Men's Christian Association
yesterday. There was a good pro
gramme, and the festivities continued
several hours. Many friends of the
association were present to exchange
New Year's greetings and those hav
ing charge of the affair arranged
every detail for their thorough enjoy
ment.
Early in the afternoon an informal
reception was given in the parlors of
the association by the Woman's Aux
iliary. A corps of young ladies as-,
srsted in serving refreshments and en
tertaining the guests. Later exercises
were conducted in the gymnasium un
der the direction of Howard M.
Strickler and Mr. Adler, physical di
rectors. A wrestling match, some hor
izontal and parallel-bar work, a bas*
ket-ball game and a tug-of-war added
to the amusement. In the evening a
comedy, "The Rich Miss Poor," in one
act, and the comedy, "Mr. Bob," in
two acts, were acted in the auditorium
by pupils from the Paul Gerson
School of Acting. A large audience
was present.
Unconscious From Gas.
Tony Sevely, a cook, was found in
his room at 541 Sixth street yester
day afternoon unconscious, A gas jet
was open. He was removed to the
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. O. S.
Kucich administered restoratives. His
chances for recovery are good. Sevely
is a recent arrival in this country, and
probably did not understand the dan
gers attending illuminating gas.
Cleanse the stomach and restore and
tone it up by using Lash's Bitters. • j
WEIGHS FAULTS
OF THE CRITICS
Rev. Boardman Says They
Fail to Place Themselves
in a Spiritual Condition
REVIVAL IN EVANGELISM
Ministers Learn of Work
to Be Done in California
During the Ensuing Year
"Mad rush for the accumulation of
' money has resulted in a disregard for
spiritual matters," said the Rev. H. I*
j Boardman at a meeting of the Baptist
| Ministers' Association yesterday. He
was discussing "The Moral Requisite
| for the Discernment of Spiritual
Truth," and he felt that men in these
: times measure things by material
standards, with the result that spirit
ual truth is not attainable in the whirl
of speculative interest.
He considered that apprehension of
truth is as conditional as any other
knowledge that is obtained, and said
that purely intellectual opinions may
chill the heart and are the basis of
average skepticism, and that spiritual
truth, is the essence of unselfishness.
The speaker said that in the pulpit
there is a temptation to compromise
the truth in order to meet more readily
the people. At the same time he con
sidered that while the minister was
right to use! art to make converts and
to, do the best possible, even to make
use of the "sensational," he must never
"compromise the truth."
The fault with critics, he held, was
that they failed to place themselves in
"a spiritual condition," and he declared
that no man can set that condition
aside and successfully criticize the
Scriptures.
Rev. Robert Whitaker, pastor of the
Twenty-third-avenue Baptist Church,
Oakland, told the meeting that his con
gregation contributed $1500 on New
Year's day toward lifting the debt. The
handsome offering now left them with
only $3000 to pay, which amount Mr.
Whitaker felt would be forthcoming
during the year.
It was announced that the Rev. H.
A. Slaughter of Los Angeles had been
appointed city evangelist by the Bap
tist City Missionary Society. The Rev.
Madison Slaughter will enter the evan
gelistic field In California. His home
will be at Fruitvale.
Dr. C. M. Hill, president of the re
cently established Baptist Seminary,
said that a building had been pur
chased on Dwight Way, Berkeley, for
the seminary headquarters at a cost of
$6550, a sum considered to be very mod
erate. Next Sunday will be "Seminary
Sunday," when the interests of the new
institution will be presented to the
whole of the Baptist congregations.
Wilbur Chapman, evangelist, is ex
pected to arrive in San Francisco the
beginning of March, when no less than
thirty churches will combine in a strong
evangelical movement.
At the West Side Christian Church,
Bush street, near Devisadero, to-mor
row evening there will be a meeting of
much importance to the body, when the
roll call of the churches will be called
and reports of the year will •be read
from all the organizations connected
with the Christian church. It is possi
ble that some interesting news as to
the progress of the forthcoming con
vention will be told the assembled rep
resentatives of the church.
Jostled Against a Woman.
Frank Smith of 223 Dore street, and
two companions, while wending their
way along Ninth street, between Fol
som and Harrison, at an early hour
yesterday morning, jostled against a
woman who was with a man. The
jostle was considered by the man and
the woman as an insult, -as it was re
sented by a blow on the side of the
head, which knocked Smith down.
While lying on the sidewalk he re
ceived a kick on the side of his face
that broke his jawbone. He was
I treated at the Emergency Hospital by
S Dr. O. S. Kucich. He has no idea who
I kicked him.
Ninety-Fifth Annual Exhibit
I --Of the—
HARTFORD FIRE
..INSURANCE COMPANY..
HARTFORD, - - CONN.
January, I, 1905.
Total Assets $15,632,483.34
| Reserve for Reinsurance 9,010 890.59
| Ret Surplus ever ill, including Capital Stock • 4,026,248.67
■ »
Surplus to Policy-Holders:
I $5,276,248.67
| Over $80,000,000.00 Losses Paid to Patrons
| Agencies in All Towns and Cities.
|j &EOH&E L CHASE, President t p. c. ROYCE, Secretary
I CHAS. E. CHASE, R, M BISSELL, Vice Prtsidßlts
| PACIFIC DEP'T, 313 California St., San Francisco
J PALACHE & HEWITT, General Agents.
\ ADAM GILLILAND, Manager City Department.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Kind You Have Always bought has borne the signa
ture of Clias. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no ona
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
" Just-as-good" are but Experiments, and endanger tha
health of Children—Experience against Experiment.
m What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare*
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tha
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleen.
The Children's Panacea—The Mother's Friend,
The Kind You toe Always Bought
Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
TMC CENTAUR COMPANY, TT MURRAY STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
NOTED MURDER
CASE ON TRIAL
Charles Tucker Before Court
in Massachusetts, Accused
of Taking Woman's Life
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. 2.—Charles
L. Tucker of Auburndale, appeared In
the Middlesex County Court to-day to
answer to the charge of murdering
Miss Mabel Page at Weston. Mass., on
March 31. 1904.
The jury was completed without
great difficulty, and the indictment
was read. Counsel for the defense sug
gested the wisdom of the jury visit
ins: the scene of the crime. On this
point the defendant himself said to the
court:
"Your Honor and gentlemen of the
jury 1 should like to have the jury take
a view of the premises, but I should
not like to be present."
The evidence against the defendant
has been carefully concealed by the
State representatives. It is known,
however, that-one of the most impor
tant features will be a penciled note
bearing the name of Miss Page, and
written, it is claimed, to furnish the
writer with a pretext for gaining en
trance to the Page home. The State
will present four handwriting experts
to connect Tucker with the note. The
defense also will present four experts
for its side.
Few murders anywhere have attract
ed wider attention. Miss Page, who
was 40 years of age, was killed while
alone at home. Her father, Edward
Page, a former steel merchant, re
turning from Boston early in the after
noon, found the body lying in her
chamber. Cuts in the throat were
taken to indicate suicide and the medi
cal examination so resulted, but the
next day an undertaker discovered
that Miss Page had been stabbed in
the back and the fact murder had been
done was established.
For weeks the whole police machin
ery of the State and of the cities near
Weston was at work on the mystery.
At length Charles L. Tucker was ar
rested on suspicion, but after arv ex
amination was released, an alibi ap
parently having been established. A
week later, however, he was again ar
rested and subsequently was indicted
for the murder.
STATE RIVERS
CLAIM NOTICE
Xcedham Takes Up Question
of Improvement With the
Congressional Committee
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CALL. BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.—Representa
tive Needham to-day had an interview
with Chairman Burton of the Rivers
and Harbors Committee concerning
the Sacramento River and an appro
priation for its improvement Burton
first of all expressed a desire to see
the report of the State commission and.
the recommendations it makes. The
committee has taken no action In this
matter nor is it likely to until this
report is laid before it.
While Congress is in no way bound
by the action or recommendation of a
State commission, the Rivers and
Harbors Committee wants the fullest
and best information obtainable upon
matters within its jurisdiction and pre
sumes that such is contained in this
report. Needham, at Burton's re
quest, has wired Governor Pardee to
forward a copy of the report at all
speed.
Needham will introduce a joint reso
lution providing that the work of the
State commission be reviewed by the
War Department. This is with the
hope of its possible acceptance by that
department, thus effecting a saving of
time and expense in coming to some
agreement between the National and
State governments for sharing the cost
and labor for a comprehensive and
satisfactory improvement of the river
and its tributaries.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
yffifr As>v Steamers of company, or
for which it is agent, leave
Afef \«>A Pierß 9 »nd 11, San Fraa-
I I I I For Ketchikan. Wrange!.
I 1 XfsWslm/ / Juneau. Treadwell, Haines.
\*Fv \\ Pjßl Skaguay, etc., Alaska—ll a.
m.. Jan. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25. 30.
V<tlMV Feb - *• Cnan «c to this com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver, Port Townsend,
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. South Belltngham.
Belllngham—ll a. m., Jan. 5, 10. 15, 20, 25. 30,
Feb 4. Change at Seattle to this company*
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Beattl*
0.- Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Jan. 5, 11, 17. 23, 29. Feb. 4. Corona.
1:30 p m.. Jan. 2. 8, 14, 20. 26, Feb. 1.
Fcr Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Dos Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San 'Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 6, 14, 22. 30, Feb. 7.
Santa Cruz (freight only), 9 a. m., Jan. 2.
10, 18. 20.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, I.a Paz, Santa Rosalia,
Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each month.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing date*
TICKET OFFICES—4 New Montsom
ery st.(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broad
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Franciso.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st., will
call for and check bageage from hotels an!
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plvmonth— Cherbourg;—Southampton.
•Zeeland.Jan.l4,lo:3o a|St. Louis Jan. 28
New York Jan. 21 Philadelphia Feb. 4
•Calling at Dover for London and Paria.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE
New "York—London Direct.
Minnehaha Jan. 14|Menomlnee Jan. 28
Manitou Jan. 21 Mlnnetonka ....Feb. 4
RES STAR LINE.
New Tork—Antwera —London—Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
Finland Jan. 21IKroonland .....Feb. 4
Vaderland Jan. 28 Zeeland Feb. 11
WHITE STAR LINE.
New Tork—Oueenatown —Livtrpool.
Ms)<*9ti<\.Tan.lS. 10 amjTeutonlc, Feb.S. 10 am
Baltic Feb. 1 Oceanic Feb. 15, 2 pro
Boston —Qneenatown —Liverpool.
Cymric Jan. 251 Wlnlfredlai* ....Feb. 8
NEW TORS AND BOSTON DIRECT
To the Mediterranean
Via Azores, Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
Alexandria.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLIC Jan. 14, noon: Feb 25, noon
CRETIC Feb. 4. noon; Mar. IS, noon
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC ..Jan. 28. 3:30 p.m.: Mar. 11. 1 pm
CANOPIC Feb 18. 8:30 a m.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coa«t,
21 Poat St.. San Francisco.
Ai»aftHlilP*l ft sTa% ■*#j*iL •AltOa, CIS
VVVWMWjrVaWaWVO VXd US* to fAMir
g. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney, Tburs., Jan. 12, 1905. 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 21. 11 am
8. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 7. 11 a.m.
1. D.SPRECKELSi BROS. CO., AgtS.,Met 001C3543 tat
to Ireiiit Gfflce 327 lariet SL Pier l Past.? i:.
OOxPASNIB OSftERALS TRANSATL ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a-m.. from Pier 42, ■*bhb^bW
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre, $46 and upward. OEN
; ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STAIES AND
! CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building),
I New York. J. F. FUGAZI * 00., Pacl3c Coast
I Agents 6 Montgomery avenue. San Frtaclaco.
! Ticket* sold by all Railroad Tick-it Ag«nta
Tor V. 8. Navy Yard and Vailajo.
Stra. General Friable, Munticello and Arrow,
9:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. 0 p.m., 8:30
p.m.: Sundays. 0:45 a.m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p m.,
8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo. 7 a.m., 9 a.m., 12:30
p.m., 3:16 p.m. <»6:45 p.m. Saturday). 6 p.m.
Sundays. 7 a.m., 9 a.m., 3:20 pirn., C p.m. Pier
2. foot Mission at.; phono Main 1508. HATCH
[ BROS.
1112
YOU WANT wifrs TO BE KNOWN TO THOSE H TO KNOW
,; ! ! -V P- SPRECKl^^^Proprigtg;
Address Communications to
JOB
vv J- MARTIN... . Bjn^esn_Managgr
TELEPHONE.
A*-k for THE CALL. The Operator wi "C° n *
xiect You With the Department You Vvisn.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
..Editorial Rooms lUT to 232 Stevenson I-
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts'. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash v*un
Order):
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year...sS-w
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday), 6 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL —By Single Month 7j»o
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year f'^X
WEEKLY CALL. 1 year - - ••• •• • ••i f - wu
r Daily. ..SB.BO Per Year Extra
lOI.EIGN J £ ' 15 p Tear Extra
- POSTAGE, j Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
'Sample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested. . -
' Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad
dress should be particular to give both >b.vv
>ND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main »w»
BERKELEY OFFICE:
CHS Center Street Telephone North n
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Fo«rt Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
\ - Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. B™tM° ,
•Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDSt
Bhenr.an House; P. O. News Co j. °Tf*}
Northern Hctel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNES3, Marquette BtJJldflJS.
' (.Long Distance Telephone, "Central 261». I
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
'C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
J,OOB Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
H P. m.
127 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m.
pro Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
• McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
•€ls Larkln street; oren until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
, IC6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m,
corner Church and Duncan streets;
. open until 9 p. m.
8900 Klllmore street: open until 0 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
■CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., at
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-'aAf
• ING; Jan. 8, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated
meeting and installation of officers.
. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary
-GOLDEN GATE Ledge No. 30, F. and JB
: A. M. —Stated meeting THIS (TUES- YV
. -DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /v\
EDWIN L. MEYER, Sec.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. SB
M.—A stated and special meeting
• .THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, at /V\
• 7.30 o'clock.
R. C. JEWELL, W. M..
' • A. S. HUBBARD. Sec.
PAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360, F. Q
and A. M., 2t5CB Mission st — Stated
meeting this (TUESDAY) even-/VN
ING, at 8 o'clock.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. Q.~O.
F.—The officers and the
Committee of the above-named
' lodge aro hereby notified to as- '^ssisJbb»^
scmble at Odd Fellows' Hall. cor. Market
t and Seventh sts., on WEDNESDAY, Jan. 4,
1906, at 1:30 o'clock p. m., for the purpose
o' attending the funeral of our late brother,
THOMAS VORRATH.
AUG. WILHELM, N. O.
CHARLES QUA ST, F. B.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204, L -uVMIVT-
O. O. F.—lnstallation of of fleers
TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 3.
.• Visitors cordially invited.
F. N. HOLMES, N. G.
THE annual meeting of the Golden Gate Kln
" 'dergarten Association for the election of di
rectors will be held at 560 Union St. on
MONDAY, January 16, at 10 a. m.
VIRGINIA FITCH, President.
.. JESSEY DORR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re
„ celved applications to mine by hydraulic pro
. cess from Wing Kee, in American Hydraulic
mine, near Port Wine, Sierra County, Cal.,
. draining Into Morrlstown Ravine, thence Into
Yuba River; from Jerry Curtis, ■tn Forest
• Grove mine, near Johnsvllle, Plumas County.
Cal.. draining inW> East Nelson Cre*--k, which
reaches Feather ISlver; from North Star Min
ing Company, in Lanrell Placer mine, near
Mokelumne SHIII, Calaveras County, Cal.,
'• draining Into Rich Gulch, which reaches
• Calaveras River; and from J. A. Hartman,
in Claytcn Ranch Ravine mine, near Forbes
town, Yuba County. Cal., draining into Dry
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no
. ttce that a meeting to receive any protests
' will be held at room 68. Flood building,
f-"an Francisco, Cal., January 16, 1905, at
5 1:30 p. m.
ST?E annual meeting of the stockholder* of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran
cisco, Cal., will be held at its banking
house, 3Ql_ Montgomery st.. San Franalsco.
'. Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10, 1908,
at 8:15 p. m., for the election of directora to
• rerve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business aa may
ccxne before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10. 1904.
'ANNUAL MEETING —The annual meeting cf
the «tockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Company wtH he held at the office of the
company. Btckton st., at 12 o'clock,
" noon, on WEDNESDAY, the 11th day of
January. 1005, for the election o: directors
to serve for th? ensuing year and for the
transaction o f such other business as may
cem» before the meeting.
W. AMES. Secretary.
ATTORNEYSjATj-I^W^
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at $12 and
is no good: for 22 years I've made divorces
1 specialty; quick, quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted: perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free: collections
made. G. W. HOWE, 1122 Market st.
rT W. KING, Attorr.ey-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
flth floor: entrnnce room 011: established 20
yearn; all court?:, general court and office
. practice: no fees In advance or for consulta
tion: evening hy appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA —Divorce; costs $12; ouick.quiet:advlce free;
,'al! law business; no charge unless success
ful: open evenings. 927 Market st.. room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: no fees or
costs In advance; all law business: offlcs
cp«n Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooms - 8
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red 6617.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA CURE.
.DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly;
10c. 25c. 60c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
■•>!fo Wishart. 10th and Washington. Oakland
1.. ■ . ja
AUTOMOBILES.
\ ' N'TED—An automobile of good make and
must be in good condition. Box 3408, Call.
V \ NTED—To buy automobile for two persona
Pox 3397. Call.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
'yf ANTED —To board and room a child. 118
Pago st.
WANTS to take care of nn Infant; good ears.
2*2 Turk St.. MRP. WEBER.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WANTED —Energetic and thoroughly reliable
man, with $4000 to $6000 to Invest and take
management of already established extensive
paying business; salary $150 monthly as
manager besides his share of profits, which
easily will be $300 to $400 monthly; must be
able to give excellent references. For full
particulars see TOMY LUBELBKI. Fischer s
Theater. 8. F., or Tuesday evenings at Nov
elty Theater, Oakland,' Cal.
GROCERY, JISOO; clean standard stock. Ad
dress R. S. V. P., Palo Alto, Cal.
jwA N TED—To buy a delicatessen store; state
lowest price. Box 2298, Call.
BUSINESS CRANCEB—Ooßttnned.
A—s22oo: CORNER saloon on California at.:
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSB; 4 furnished rooms!
rent $60; lease; shulfleboard; place estab
lished many yeara; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand In leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a splendid otter and rare
chanco. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chophouse; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years, baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses, wagons and buggy: one of the beat
nl See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3so; well established real estate office la
Napa Co.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par
ticulara. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s7so; HALF interest in manufacturing buai
ness; established 16 years; partner can clear
$160 easy per month; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A—slsoo; tea and coffee store, crockery, etc.;
estab. years; stock invoice to about $2500;
owner engaged in business in Arizona; must
sacrifice. Particulars R. G. WILKB, 26%
Kearny st.
A—s6oo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R, G. WILKE. 26%
Ktarny.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rant $120; place established
many yeara and known as a good paying
business. Sea R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s9oo; BAKERY with delicatessen store, tea
cream parlor; In very beat location; will be
sacrificed: owner must leave at once for New
York; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—s3soo; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed; 1 block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—sl2oo; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 3 horses; .4 wagons; net rent $20;
place estab. for many years and has a large
patronage; a good paying business. Call on
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for sale, in the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; daily
receipts, $150; opposite the round houss; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic
ulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
-$600 —WILL take partner in a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the best in city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners' not all cash necessary. Particulars
«te R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s26oo; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
tor $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery* and bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento st.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$550—RESTAURANT: very best location; rent
$60; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
investment; investigate. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st_
A—s23so; COAL. wood, hay" and grain busi
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 years and known aa a good buai
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A—s24so: CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness: location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s26oo; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab
lished years; doing a first-class business:
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s.'isoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et.; rent $60; living rooma; stock will in
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—CAMERON A CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale—2Bo acres, all tillable land; 2 miles
from S. P. R. R.; 20 miles from coast, on
main line between S. F. and Los Angeles;
San Luis Obispo County; In rich valley of
Hucno River; deep, rich loam soil, 6 feet
deep; 80 acres of this Is little rolling, but
easily cultivated; no house or barn; fine
well of water: refused $10,000 short while
ago; rice now $8000, as must leave coast.
Here is an opportunity of getting one of the
best groceries and bars in city; flne transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
$1800 to $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAM
ERON A CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
rocmlng-house and business chances. CAM
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
One of the best tjroctry and liquor stores: been
established for 20 years; doing flne business;
clearing $300 to $500 per month; owner has
made fortune and wishes to retire from busi
ness; good horse and wagon) with complete
stock, goes for $1800; fixtures worth price
asked; present owner there 8 years.
For sale —First-class bazaar and cigar busi
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent;
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; flne new stock of goods: has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON
A CO. \
For aale —Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $150; ten-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; flne. grow
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON A CO., 3 Eddy.
First-class saloon; downtown; two blocks from
Market St.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $26 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price, $1600. CAMERON
A CO.
First-class short order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; flne opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell
ing. CAMERON A CO.
For sale —First-class downtown cigar store;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.
A— ■
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
Removed James Flood building.
Rooms 874, 876 and 878.
A PAYING grocery in Western "Addition, fins
cash trade. $3500; good saloon on Turk St.,
$800; roadhouse on Mission road. $650; sport,
ing -house In cpuntry. only one In town, at
invoice; coffee and lunch house on Market
St., $1000; cigar store on Eddy st., $400;
flne hotel in Pajaro Valley. $2500; businesses
of all kinds sold and exchanged. EI TEL A
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$10,000 —Market-st.ealoon; elegantly fitted up;
excellent location: 5-year lease; reasonably
low rent; $2500 Al stock; clears not leaa than
$350 per month; owner must sell on account
of other business; Investigate this; grand
place. R. E. CALLAHAN, 26 Montgomery.
STEAM laundry for sale in a large coast
town: the only steam laundry in town; the
plant In first-class condition. Address box
8723, Call office.
$100 secures legitimate office buainess clearing
$250 a month; investor fully secured; ex
perience unnecessary. 1118 Market st, room 1.
$200 —ACTIVE man wantad aa partner to do
plain, light work; sure profit of $75 to each
per month. Apply 632 Market st.. room 6.
DELICATESSEN store on Union St.; good
neighborhood; small business and good trade;
will sell for $300. Box 8402. Call.
RESTAURANT for sale. 181 Sixth st.
FOR rale—Complete restaurant outfit; cheap.
Apply 242 Fourth st.
- THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
BUSINESS CHAHOTS—Coattnu*!^
F. A. BROOKBANK,
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market at., between Fifth and Sixth.
$300 AND services secure an Interest In old
estab. office and commission buainesa clear
ing $200 to $250 mo.; no experience required;
party must be sober and reliable and furnish
good references, aa same will be tendered
him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
$125—PARTNER for restaurant on water
front; clearing $75 to each monthly; no night
or Sunday work. See BROOKBANK.
FOR sale —Old stand, family liquor store; low
rent; price $1250: more than value In sight.
Inquire at 104 Clay at.
CIGAR stand for sale cheap. Inquire 427 Tay
lor at.
WOULD Ilka to purchase a cigar atand. Box
8097. Call.
A GOOD living; $1200; retiring from buainess;
second-hand book store. 1250 Mission at.
WANTED —To buy a grocery store; no agents.
997 Market at., room 212.
FOR sale, or will take partner, saloon and IB
roomai last chance. 212 East at.
$100 —GOOD business; man or woman. Box
8724, Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
REMOVED ' Jan. 1, 1908.
REMOVED.
' MARION GRIFFIN
Ham r emoted from the Hearst building to anlte
801, near elevator*,
JAMES FLOOD BUILDING,
Corner of Market and Powell eta., opposite
Emporium.
Free list of
HOTELS AND ROOMING-HOUSES.
of 68 rooms; 7
-38.
Fashionable room- year" lease. In-
Ing-house of 88 come $430 over
rooms, on Sutter rent. MoJirn
at. Furnishings building Price.
coat $8010. Every- $5700. Terms %
thing la cash.
FIRST CLASS. See
All the roomers MARION
must give ac- GRIFFIN.
ceptable refer-
ences. House is
full. Profit is ex- 19.
actly $187 month- Draw $200 In gold
ly. Owing to 1m- out of the bank
mediate departure and let the bal
from city price is ance of youi
$3500. money stay there
——— until you have
See given this 19
- room house a
MARION thorough trial.
Price $160Q, re-
GRIFFTN. duced
—to $1200—
Tou pay $200
down and we
154. back, you for a
Clean profit $396 thousand; house
monthly in a par- located in busl
tlally furnished ness center, north
154-room house. of Market st. For
Price $7500; Ist this holiday snap
payment $2000.
See
Bee
MARION
MARION
GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN.
16.
24. THINK rapidly
Transient house, and act quickly
near Market st.; on this 16-room
clears $125 to $200 house; north of
monthly. The net Market In a quiet,
profit for 1904 up respectable neigh
to Christmas was borhood.
exactly $1506. —Rent $30—
owner desires to Price put down to
leave S. F. at —$500—
once. For $500 Terms, % cash
first payment will and $10 monthly.
put you In pos-
session. See
See MARION
MARION GRIFFIN,
GRIFFIN. Suite 801.
JAMES FLOOD
85. Building.
READER, see No.
85. IF YOU ARE Cor. Market and
AMBITIOUS to Powell.
MAKE MONEY
take a little time
and examine this 9.
grand corner CORNER house, 9
house of 85 rooms rooms, for $350;
large, airy and on Sutter st.
most beautifully —RENT $45—
sunny rooms. All INCOME
well furnished and $90 monthly,
full of roomers; All large rooms;
rent $4 50 per all sunny rooms;
room; 4-year new furnishings,
lease; owner out —Cost $741 —
of city; make Will show the bills
your own offer to THIS is a
SNAP
MARION for the
Glad NEW YEAR
GRIFFIN, Owner Is away.
House runs Itself.
Bulte 801. No work.
The roomers
JAMES FLOOD are high class.
Building, MARION
Cor. Market and GRIFFIN,
Powell.
Suite 801,
JAMES FLOOD
100. •
E L E G A NTLY Building.
furnished house of
100 rooms; first- Cor. Market and
class; right down- Powell.
town; very deslr-
able location;
long lease; rea- 82.
sonab'.e rental; Bargain hunters
clears a large stop howling
amount of money; about high prices
if you are looking and let me show
ror a great busi- you my 32-room
ness proposition house on a prom
you have It In Inent corner; well
this bouse. jExclu- furnished; abso
sive'.yl lutely respectable;
roomers all mem-
WITH of the
"SMART SET."
MARION Lease if desired;
you'll find no
GRIFFIN, fault with the
Suite 801, price; It's almost
a gift. Get full i
JAMES FLOOD particulars of my
only agent.
Building.
MARION
Cor. Market and
Powell. GRIFFIN,
in the NEW
JAMES FLOOD
68.
Dependable house Building.
ZZZZ ««
A—CAMERON A CO. Phone South 1080.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
* All Kinds of Business Chances.
For aale, 4 years' lease and buainesa of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding house;
swellest location in city; full permanent, first
class beople; on account of departure soon
opportunity la offered to start in business for
the small investment of $500.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele
gantly furnished; has 80 light and sunny
rooms: always full and clears a flne income,
but sickness Is only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay
ing investment at sacrifice.
Big anap; 31-room apartment house; rent
only $4 per room; well furniahed and clearing
$90 per month: will only take $550 cash, bal
ance time; price, $950.
24 beautifully furnished rooms; new house;
new furniture; modern and up to date/ com
pleted less than 2 months: close in; sudden
Illness in family causes sole chance to get
brand new house as cheap as old one. Owner
sick In bed; rare opporeunlty.
First-class investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 in 46
-room house: rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter St.; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st.; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooma;
rent only $425: obliged to leave city; will be
sold at half cost to furnish.
Grand, new. modern apartment-house; beau
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE—Con^
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny St.; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
This Is a flne opportunity for some one with
$1000« cash to get 26 rooms well furnished in
oak and cherry; everything in first-class shape
and clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house.
Beautiful new. building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; steam heat; 60 light
end sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls; draperies and fittings „r tne best; where
you can have an exquisite home besides clear
ing $300 per month above all expenses; close
In; cheap rent and long leaae; thla house Is
always full of best people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
Nice little houss of 16 rooms, with good fur
niture and carpets; rent only $65; muat dis
pose next ten days: make offer.
One of the best 28-room transient houses In
city; flne corner; good location; newly fur
nished; flne condition, and if taken at, once
can be got at a bargain; only requires $600
cash down, balance can be paid out of house.
Will clear $100 to $200 every month; has 2
years' lease; owner obliged to leave city.
Rare bargain can be got In a beautifully
furnished 100-room down town houss, carpets,
furniture and draperies of the best; building
and furnishings leas than 2 years; electric
elevator, lights, steam heat; everything mod
ern and up-to-date; cheap rent; owner com
pelled to leave city on account of other buai
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exclusively.
Here Is a nice little bom* of 12 well fur
nished rooms; rant only $60; where you can
clear $50 per month and hare 8 best rooms;
Van Ness aye.; only $850.
70-room country hotel; best Interior town in
State; barroom, 2 dining rooms and 6-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 yeara' lease; brick building: everything fine
condition; flne business proposition.
Beautifully furnished 6-room modern flat;
new 6 months ago; rent only $20; fine location;
cost over $900; to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable:
every equipment; modern and up to date; al
ways full and clears $360 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
New. modern 8-room upper flat; choice loca
tion on Ellis: mahogany, birdseys maple fur
niture; Axmlnster and velvet carpets; cost
$2200 to furnish; will be sold at one-half cost
on account of buying larger house.
14-room house, furnished in oak and mahog
any; good carpets; first-class location; all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get It for $600 cash.
16 rooms well located on Eddy St.; r*nt only
$65; oak and cherry furniture; clears $76;
leaves 8 best rooms for landlady; everything
first-class condition; here is a fine home com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as you maks It.
Rare chance to get choice 7-room flat; rent.
Including garbage and Janitor service, $40 per
month: furnished in mahogany and oak; beat
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and cost
$800 to furnish: will sell for $450 on account
of leaving city.
We have a number of special bargains In
fiats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern: can
be had for less than half coat to furnish;
must be sold, either account of sickness or
departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 8 Eddy st.
NEW FIRM—FISHER & CO.—NEW FIRM.
Successors to Mitchell & Co. In rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
FOR BALE—Lodgirjr house, 26 housekeeping
rooms; gas ranges, etc.; house full all the
time; will sell at once for $1700. Address
box 3502, Call office.
FOR sale—A rooming-house of 17 rooma Call
after 12 m., 162 Fourth st.
10 ROOMS and bath, cheap; good location; low
rent: Income. 817 Post st.
Roomlng-Hoaseß and Hotels For Sale.
H. C. DECKER 908 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARE DEALING—CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses In thls>elty.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
Following Bargains:
20 rooms; transient , $850
14 rooms; only $350 cash 760
10 rooms; rent $75; only $250 cash 750
24 rooms; all light and sunny; rent $60. 1400
20 rooms; Market st.; snap 2500
25 rooms: up-to-date hotel; swell location 3200
10-room house; new furniture 600
27-room house on Post st 2000
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
V for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 303 Market at.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works.3ss-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN A CO.; phone Mission 225.
MICHELL'S. 24£ Fourteenth at.—Flrst-clasa
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO., Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS'.
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason st. —Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, SOc;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market7nr.~Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,2o4 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst,r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accorlion, sunburst and knlfs pleating. Stew
art's button and buttonhole factory.llo Taylor.
BDUCATIONAIu
A—THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical c< j
legea, begina ita twelfth year. We shall do
better work than before, and give general aa
well aa special course* Our departments In
English literature, languages, mathemetica,
sciences, history, etc., are excellent. Two
©f the best teachers In Callfon'a are in
charge of English and of mathematics. Come
and be with us, we prepare you well. Refs.
Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Day
and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journal
ism will be formed on January 3, 4 and 5 at
2 p. m., at.383 Phelan bldg.; terms very rea
sonable; join these classes; the instruction Is
excellent; rapid progress assured.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ay res Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$60; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st., S. F.: civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE, 1382 Market st. Send for .catalogue.
PRIVATE lessons in telegrsphy; rapid success
assured students. 246 Scott at., nr. Haight.
EDTJOATIOHAIi—ContnInad,
A SUCCESSFUL, college; new, large rooma;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING —Civil, elec., mln., mech.. sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1884. Van
der Nallien School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo.; 47 les
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi
tion; mdiv. instruc. West. Bus.Col ,1281 Mkt.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng., Math., etc. day and
eve.; individual lnstr. 306 Larkin st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pao. Bus. Cot.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2126 Cali
fornia a*..; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 8, 1006.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 603 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R- H. Webster, Prea
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2108 Golden Gate ay.; realdent pupils taken.
DESIGN; strength materials; graphic statics;
practical: helpful from start; evenings;
mall. 20 Hartford st.
BOOKKEEPING —Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. 83 per month;
vocal lessons 81. 828 Haight st.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market—Posi
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 802 Montgom' y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.—Night class.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A — EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Chargea
Complete clairvoyant readings 80c thla week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age. occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels.
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you. and how to overcome all
your enemi/s and how to make a person at
a distance think of you. and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable
Ellis St.—42lA—Ellis St.
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 a. in. Private flat.
MME. LYNN,
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic.
Special Reduction This Week.
Readings 50c, 50c SOc 500 50c 50c SOc 50c 50c
Wonderful, bewildering is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
also reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any one in 21 days. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. All
business strictly confidential.
239 Powell at., near Geary.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. LANGE gives you advice by her gen
uine Egyptian sympathy palmistry, spirit
ualism and crystal readings; has the mag
netic mirror, the greatest secrets of the
world; tells by cards; shows the picture of
your future husband. Como and convince
yourself; 50c and up. Hours, 10 to 8, and
Sundays. 38 Turk St., bet. Market and Taylor.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life; never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without ashing a ques
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future; 1. 60c; g. by cards $1; palm
istry full life read., $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
A—MRS. DR. F. CLARKE the well-known
trance medium; readings daily, 10 to 6. 343
Geary st.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted, clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names, 714 Franklin at.
MME. KRONEN BERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me'; read
ings 25c. 102% Sixth st., nr. Mission.
MISS WARD, 1206 Market st., parlor 31, clair
voyant, gives dates; take elevator.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 108 6th St.,rooms 1-2
MME." MASSEAU, card reader; L 25c, G SOc.
645 Minna st. Phone Folsom 3597.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A —MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c; 619
McAllister; readings daily; come, skeptics.
MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seances Wed.,
Friday and Sunday eves., SOc. 328 Ellis st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Lar
kin. room 49: readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer anl
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SB7.
REMOVED—MRS. LESTER to 872 Misison st.;
cir. Mon., Fri., 8 p m., 10c; read, daily, 50c,51.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office —Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
HOTEL housekeeper of experience and ability,
accustomed to taking entire charge of the
housekeeping department In large, first-class
hotel?, thoroughly competent, can give the
best of references from former employers, de
sires position in large hotel. Box 3467. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to find good home; will be
companion and give light service; is neat,
Intelligent and refined, but entirely deaf;
only those who know what they want need
answer. Box 3587, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman to do
assistant housework, city or short distance In
country; will work for $6 per month. Ad
dress 1404 Mason st.
A FAITHFUL Japanese girl desires a position
at housework in a small private family;
wages $3 a week. H. KOZAKO. 1216% Post
et.; phone Larkin 703.
YOUNG lsdy from the East, experienced as
nurse, wants place to attend an invalid or
hospital; best references. Box 3672, Call.
— r
SEAMSTRESS, can cut. fit children's clothee.
mend N fine laces, table linen, engagements,
day or week. MISS STATHAM, 28 Eighth.
A WOMAN with references desires to To
washing or housework by the day; terms $1
and carfare: Box 3573, Call.
WOMAN wanta general housework in private
family from 8 a. m. until 2p. m. Address
E. L., 38 Clinton Park, near Valencia st.
WANTED —A position as chambermaid or as
sistant cook In small family by colored girl.
Box 3586, Call office.
A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a situation
on a ranch. Apply 1165% Pacific st., between
9 and 12 a. m.
COLORED woman desires a position aa nurse.
11l Leroy place.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleaning, $1 50 and car fare. MRS.
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st.
A WOMAN would do washing by the day;
' $1 25 per day. Please address MRS. E. X ,
. 318 Turk St.; hours, 8 to 5.
ggggggPgS WARTrED--Famals^Oon-
A—BOOKKEEPER, caahier, young lady; ex
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems; highest references; last position 5
years. Box 3691, Call office.
A YOUNG Swedish girl would lik* a position
doins upstairs work and waiting on table;
wa.es $25. Call at 832 Mtbamt al. bet.
Twentieth and Twenty-first ats., between
the hours of 11 a m. and 3 p. m.
A STEADY, competent person wishes a posi
tion to do general housework in a small
family; wages $20. 66 Rose aye., oft Mar
ket at.
A SWEDISH girl wishes position at general
housework, plain work or upstairs work; no
postals. 1161 Pacific.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor on suits and
coats shirtwaist suits; experienced and only
first-class work made at home: engagements
per day. MISS BARBS. Sherman House. 28
Eighth st. •
QUICK and Intelligent young lady wishes po
sition in office; no stenographer; writes ex
cellent business hand. Please call or ad
dress, stating terms. 861% Greenwich st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would Ilka a few
mors engagements in families; $1 60 day,
carfare. Call or writs MRS. DE BARR, 486
Fourth st.
MIDDLE- AGED woman, American, wishes
light housework! small family of adulta:
country preferred. Address, Housekeeper, 1
Polk st. .
POSITION aa housekeeper for widower or for
a number of men. by a middle-aged widow
from the East; best of referencea. Box 1891,
1006 Market
WANTED —By an elderly woman to assist
with housework where there are no children;
rood cook. Addresa 128 a Pag* St., MRS.
WILLIAMS. '
FINE young cook wants position In small fam
ily; an excellent manager; very economical;
wagea $25 to $30; fare expected. Box 3206,
Call office.
A RELIABLE middle-aged woman would like
to keep houae for a single lady or elderly
couple; referencea. Box 3692, Call office.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes a few mors cus
tomers at home; first-class work at reason
able prices. Phone Scott 995. 647 Myrtle aye.
A CAPABLE woman wishes work for Tues
days; washing: won't go out far. Call 146
Twelfth st., room 8.
COMPETENT woman wishes a s*w families by
day, washing 1 , cleaning or chamber work.
488 Geary St.; phone Brown 32.
AS caretaker in the home; care of invalid or
mother's helper with grown children. House
keeper, 390 Page at.; phone Page 2356.
YOUNG English woman wishes position as
working housekeeper; fond of children. Box
8478, Call office.
A STEADY, competent person wishes a posi
tion to do general houaework in small fam
ily; wages $20. 6 Rose aye., off Market at.
CHILDREN'S nurse wants position: private
family; wages $30 to $35. Box 3439, Call.
A FINNISH girl wishes a position In small
family for general housework. Apply 1131%
Harrison st.
GERMAN woman wants washing; underwear,
curtains, blankets. 2685 Mission st., near
Twenty-third.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing,
ironing and housecleaning; $1 60 day. Box
3509, Call.
YOUNG, healthy Scotch girl wants position as
wet nurse. 3306 Twenty-fourth St., near
Ml.ssion.
A REFINED young German wishes a position
as governess or companion; references. Bex
3742, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position: American,
Spanish, French; $30, $35. 703 Stockton St.
LADY takes washing home; open-air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
WOMAN wishes work in the kitchen of a deli
cacy store. Call at 12 Elwoods st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation aa Cook. 723
California at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
WANTED—PIace to care for, as coachman,
gardener, foreman; m any branch of farming,
gardening; also improve new lands, with irri
gation, etc.; experience; reference. Address
box 3590. Call office.
AA—A FIRST-CLASS painter, paperbanger,
tinter and grainer. desires work by the day
or Job; tools furnished; work guaranteed;
prices cheap. 1454 Devlsadero st.
WANTED —By young man, willing and ener
getic, good references, work for eight hours
a day in the city; warehouse or work of any
sort. Box 3587,Ca1l office.
STUDENT of Affiliated Colleges wishes to ex
change work for board and room; understands
cooking; location near park preferred. Box
3597. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carriage-maker and painter,
who is able to work at any branch of car
riage-making, wishes position. Box 3737,
Call office.
YOUNG man wants Job on ranch or country
place; can take entire charge; good worker;
references. Box 3578. Call offlcs.
ELDERLY man wants work as choreman or
care for horse and garden; $15 per month.
Box 3575. Call.
AN Industrious middle-aged man would like a
place to work a few hours a day. Address 16
Jansen st.
DRAUGHTSMAN and engineer desires engage
ment: structural and topographical expert.
Box 3435. Call office.
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman*wanta po
sition with local or Eastern mercantile house
or manufacturer. Box 3589. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes position, ex
perienced, useful, milk, handy with tools;
good references. Box 3584, Call office.
A GOOD barber wants position for Saturdays
and Sundays. 715 Filbert st.
PORTER wishes position In wholesale house; Is
an experienced man, Address box 3696, Call.
CARPENTER, non-union, experience In office
fixtures, wants work. Box 3571, Call office.
ACTIVE young carpenter desire* employment,
rough or finish, $3 day. Box 3747. Call.
LANDSCAPE gardener wants place. Improve
new grounds, pruning, planting orchards,
vines; California experience; referencea Ad
dress box 3484. Call office.
RANCH foreman wants take charge of small
orchard, vines, pruning, lay out new grounds;
California experience; references. Address
box 3455, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman. Is a good cook
and will do washing; will go ahort distance
in country; wages $20 to $25. Address 1318
Hampshire st., near Twenty-flfth.
WANTED—A position by an experienced por
ter or shipping clerk; 8 years with last firm,
who has retired from business; references.
Address box 3714, Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery and barroom;
good references. W. BOHLING, 417 Kearny'
street.
A GOOD boy. 15 years old, wishes a good
home to do chores around ths houss for pin i
money. Call at 2202 Mission st-, cor. 18th.
A GOOD, reliable man for private driver or
garden work; references. Address J. J.
HUGHES, 733 Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS grocery clerk wishes position
in store; speaks German. Box 3208, Call.
YOUNG first-class barber wants work. Box
3JJO7, Call office.
WANTED—By reliable, middle-aged, married
farmer, position as working foreman on
stock, grain or fruit ranch; thoroughly ca
pable of taking full charge, having made
stcok. grain and fruit raising a study; can
furnish references if wanted. Box 3471, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a male nurse and
masseur, a graduate of Stockholm, Sweden:
10 years' experience in Chicago, 8 years In
last place; would like position in Institution
or private. Address box 3458, Call. ■
SCANDINAVIAN (Danish) wants situation as
gardener or man about place; can assist In
housework; city or country; best of refer
ences. Address ANDREW JOHNSON 331
Kearny st.. room 36, S. F.
GENERAL or private cleaning or work of any
kind wanted by young porter by hour, day.
week or month; must have work. Box 3731,
Call office.
JEWELER, repairer and salesman, 2 years'
experience, wants position; anything with
chance of advancement accepted. Jeweler,
box 3780. Call.
BAKER with experience wants position on
bread or cakes In city or country; can give
reference. Address WM. R. JANTZEN. 844
Mission st. f
EXPERIENCED young porter and packer,
stranger in city, must have work; any kind;
general or private; give me a trial. Box
3203. Call office. ' <
IMWggnglg WAITTI!I>-^Mal>>—Com.
YOUNG German with experience desire* posi
tion in grocery; 3 years in last place; beat of
referencea from the same. 201 Montgomery
avenue.
GERMAN with some experience in wholesale
and retail liquor business as Dorter and
stock clerk wants work; sober habits and
reliable. Box 3693. Call office:
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man; a
good typewriter; desires office work where
he could practice reporting shorthand:
wages not concerned. Box 1690, 1008 Market.
EXPERIENCED young- porter. 24. wishes any
kind of place: city or country; general or
private: must have work at once. Box 3738,
Call office. |
FIRST-CLASS carriage maker and painter,
who Is able to work at any branch of car
riage making, wishes position. Box 3737.
Call office.
WANTED—A position by an experienced por
ter or shipping clerk; 8 years with last firm,
who have retired from business; reference*.
Address box 3714, Call office.
TOUNG man wishes a position In a plant;
handy man; experienced steam fitter and
boiler operations. Address 8758 Twenty-third
st., city
STRONG elderly man wants work, private
family; gardener, horses, cooking; useful in
general; all round man; referencea; wages
no object. Box 8870, Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, first class, open for engage
ment January 1; age 38; salary $100; best
city references and cash bond. Address box
8941. Call office.
PAINTING, paperhanglng and tinting by a
first-class mechanic. 86 Mary ST
ALL- ROUND tailor and cutter, sober, wants
position. Box 8688. Call.
ENGINEER, gasoline, open for position first
of year; marine license. 108*4 Turk st.
SITUATION wanted aa gasoline engineer. Box
1588, Call office. San Francisco.
WANTED —A position as a traveling- sales
man. Box 3411, Call office.
TOUNG man desires position aa an assistant
bookkeeper or as clerk. Box 3750, Call.
FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger, tlnter and
polisher wants work. VEITH, 718% Grove at.
WANTED—A situation as porter" In barber
shop. G. BROWN, 787 Mission St.
ACTIVE young carpenter desires employment,
rough or finish, $3 day. Box 3747, Call.
WANTED—By experienced Englishman, sober
and reliable, position aa coachman or second
man; good referencea Box 3711, Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position as general re
pairer or taking care of property. J. KANE,
842 Minna st.
YOUNG colored man wiahes position as porter
In barber shop or running elevator. Address
Harry Taylor, 915 Powell; phone Red 142.
A FIRST-CLASS upholsterer and carpet layer;
will work by the day or piece. 927 Eddy
St.; phone Larkin 3094.
BOY, 16 years, wishes a Job as press feeder;
has been feeding for 2 yeara Call at 815%
Jessie st.
A YOUNG married man wants a situation at
some kind of work. Address C. A., 741 Na
toma st.
SITUATION wanted by exaerlenced stenog
rapher; preferably in wholesale house; good
references. Box 3461, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer, 8 years'
experience; rapid and accurate; good office
man and correspondent. Box 3460, Call.
EXPERIENCED Janitor wants position; Ger
man-American: strictly sober and reliable;
not afraid to work; non-union. Box 3428, Call.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a slt
situatlon as schoolboy In a good family; cook
or waiter; $2 week. K. SAKA. 807 Polk st.
Japanese Mission,
A GOOD Japanese and wife desire work, both
good cooks; wife will do general housework;
have references. Address box 8588, Call.
I WISH work In city or country good home;
good cook; nice recommendation*; very hon
est Japanese boy; wages $25 a month. HITA
417 Bush st.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a position at
housework; wages $5 to $7. KIME, 318 De
vlsadero st.
AN honest young Japanese boy wants posi
tion as schoolboy. F. UNO, 2316 California
St., Japanese Mission.
A JAPANESE boy wishes position to do dlsh
washing every night in family. S. MORI,
716 Leavehworth st.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a po
sition as schoolboy; $2 week; plain cook or
waiter. K. SAKA, box 3598, Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as a
school boy; wages no object. FRANK
OGAWA, 744 Post St.. city.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as schoolboy
in a family. OKA, 744 Post at,; tel. Sutter
1731.
j m
JAPANESE couple want work, man as plain
cook and wife waiting and house-vsbrk; city
or country. 1628% Park St., Alameda.
JAPANESE schoolboy wanta position In small
family; wages $1 a week and up, H T
1617 Geary st.; tel. West 97.
JAPANESE strong boy wants position either
as schoolboy or do housework. ELDER
1431 Bush st.
A GOOD Japanese boy wanta a position as
cook In a family. 503 Frederick st.
JAPANESE good boy wants position as school -
boy. K. TAN_ 322% O'Fa—ell st.
ES~EMA CURE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rh< am
or barber itch that I can't cure: a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
EXCHAMPE.
FOR exchange—Fine paying newspaper and Job
office for Improved town property In Cali
fornia; send description; write quick. Box
A, Vancouver, Wash.
FLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
at., ou the square.
COTTAGES, houaes and fiats to let; every de
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists: service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "wa
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market st„ opp. McAllister.
NEW. swell sunny flats. 6 rooms, to let; every
possible latest convenience; close to the main
entrance to the Park; 5 car lines; one runs
all night. Seventh aye., near Fulton at.; open
11 to 4.
SACRAMENTO. 2463-5-7—S beautiful new
fiats, 6, 7 and 8 rooma, sun In every room,
marble steps, electric lights, reception hall;
rent $35 to 845.
SIX elegant, new, sunny fiats; Just finished; 5,
6 and 8 rs. tiled bath r*.: eunny ator* rs.;
$25. $27 50. $30. $32 50. $37 80. $47 50. Cor. let
aye. and Sacramento st,; open 10 a. m. to 5.
TO let—Two nice flats, 2529-2531 Post st, of
5 rooms and bath each; rent of middle flat
$26 50; lower flat. $21 50; with water.
MODERN lower flat, 6 rooms e_4 bath; pan
eled dining-room, garden. Jar it or service,
water free; $30. 1259 Page al.
NEW, elegant flat*; lateat improvement*; Ju«t
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB, 830
Market st.
MODERN fiat, 7 sunny rooms, bath, 2 attlo
rooms, basement 1428 Green st, near Van
Ness aye.
FELL, 524 —Flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent $28;
water fr -c.
NEW itfoom fiat, bath; latest Improvementa
4159 26th st, nr. Castro; small family.
PINE. 732—Flat five sunny rooms and hath
well furnished: rent $25: part sale; bargain.'
TEN rooms, four of which are in basement
sunny: rent $35. 616 Haight st.
OAK. 1361—Beautiful 7-room flat; facing pan
handle McKinley statue; rent $30.
FOUR.-room flat; in town; $30. 813 Taylor st
TWENTY-FOURTH. 2127—New upper flat- 6
rooms and bath; rent $18; adults
AN elegant new sunny flat, 7 rooms; choice
neighborhood. 1740 Steiner st. near SutterT
BUNNY modern middle flat, 7 rooms and h_tt>
849 Fell st.. near Webster.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. rvn
on LYON & HOAG. 118 Montgomery*/: THE WANTS w^ T THEN USE w £* T ADVERTISEMENT IN THE CALL
PLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
I RNI'HED flat, 6 rooms, bath; sunny: 2 car
• i<nes on view from 10 until 1; upper bell.
1415 "Washington St., between Leavenworth
.. PLATS FOR SALE—FURNISHED.
MODERN '.' room flat: rooms all rented; $25
o ver rent; bargain; 12 to 8. 1178 Ellis
FURNITURE WANTED.
•'WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"—We pay
, | money for furniture, carpets, otflce
Httii ea merchandise and houses. MARK J.
' LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market at., bo
• tweee :>th and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABE~LEVY,
" Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
— Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
pa) 20 per cent more for furniture than
| M ers or will sell on commission. L. H.
• BITRD anc, 163fi Market; phone Jessie 2336.
CAI l> on Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission st.. be
fi re R-iiina; your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
FURNITTJR- FOR SALB.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
alture. carpata etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
.FURNITURE of 4 rooms complete for hskpg.;
cheap; as whole or any party. 310 A Clement.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4,600.000 00
Surplus 940.901 86
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office—No. 14 Sansome st_,
San Francisco, Cal.
<Y>MPANIES rormed; mining or patents: stock
. sold: strong Eastern connections; advice iree.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crosaley bldg.
HELP WANTED—FFIiALE.
COOK, country hotel. $35; cook, small eanita
' • riutn. $35; 3 cooks, little washing, $30-$35;
French chambermaid and seamstress. $30; 2
second girls. $20-$25; cook for Oakland, up
stairs girl and mending. $25; nurse girl, $30;
butler. $86; 2 waitresses, country, $25; 5
.. waitresses for city, $30, no room; 2 kitaben
belpers. $25. for country hotel: man and
Wife, $60; a large number of general house
work girls for city and country; at $20-s2s>
$30 Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 334
Sutter st.
AN Opportunity for Capable Women.
1' you work, why not earn more
than a ltvlr.g?
Bright, educated, earnest women
have a mission.
That mission should be to build
one's self and help others.
Be Independent. Do good.
The Vlavi Company already em
ploye over twelAe thousand women.
The work covers twenty-three
countries of the world.
We will entertain applications
' -apable women.
\ i canvassing, but a helpful,
difnifled work.
investigate. Apply by mail only,
address THE VIAVI COMPANY. 2304 Van
Ness aye.. San Francisco.
A- WANTED—GirIs to learn hairdresslng,
n;ar.i<~uring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
■ 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
3 positions to fill Immediately; position-,
guaranteed at $10 week up; only recognised
of Its kind on coast; day and even-
classes. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED—GirIs to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A I ACTFIC College teaches hairdresalng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours
I a day; guarantees positions; only
•' r*-ognized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK:
. ni, PAY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. 32%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY: STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
PI Ft A TORS ON SHIRTS. STANDARD FAC
TORY, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
LA' lES wanted everywhere copying letters at
hnnp. e\enlngs or spare time and return to
no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
I; materials free; onolosp self-addressed
envelope for particulars. .Guarantee Co.. No.
W 12, Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED—Chocolate dipper; $10 to $12 pee
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak
land, office 477 Seventh st.
A- WANTED—Operators on ladles' waists. 666
Mission St.. third floor.
A Operators wanted to take work home. 656
Mission St., third floor.
COOR hotel waitress wanted. 922 Battery st.
CTRL to a"i3t with care of Infant; references.
MOW Sacramento St.; carfare.
WANTED—A girl to assist with housework
and taking care of child. 2562 Pine st.
CTRL for second work and waiting; references
required; sunny room. 2309 Devlsadero st.
FIRST -LASS operators, work by power, on
ladies' wear. 338 Fell st.
RELIABLE girl for cooking and general house
work. Call between 10 and 2. 1905 Broadway.
A YOU NO girl for housework and cooking.
1075 Gou*h St.. corner of Ellis.
OPERATOR and finishers on custom vests. 509
Kearny St.. room 2.
NEAT, reliable girl to do general housework
and rooking; wages $25. 1 Scott et.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
(~hutes. c p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
ENER<;FTIC woman for position with well
established business. Box 34. r >6, Call offloe.
LADY clerk wanted for grocery at 916 Bryant
st.: German preferred.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU?"
301 -802 STARR KINO BLDG., 3d Floor. 121
Geary st.
CONDUCTED ON STRICTLY BUSINESS
PRINCIPLES.
Positions secured for
O'flce Men. Assistant Bookkeepers.
Rookk-epers. Hotel Clerks.
Stenographers. Railroad Clerks.
Office Managers. Timekeepers.
.< Clerks. Collectors.
Arr'.untnnts. Bill Clerks.
Buyers. Shipping Clerks.
Traveling Salesmen. Law Office Clerks.
Managers Dept. Stores. Entry clerks.
Cashiers. / cigar Clerks.
Credit Men. Dry Goods Clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving CTlerks.
General office work in all lines of business.
Offices and representatives in other cities.
I i. i AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU
301 502 STARR KING BLDG., 3d Floor, 121
GEARY ST.
"AT HORD * SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third St.
Teamsters, bay shore $2
Laborers, bay shore $2
P 'lleltor, tea and coffee 60 per cent
Dye man. experienced $20
BAKER, country hotel; butler. $35 and
O'und; barber to run shop In hotel; waiter
and wife, country. $."0 and found; and others.
J F CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento et.
Ft] pt CLASS machinist wanted; r*>st be a
hustler; none others need apply; good position
to right party. B. I. and Mach. Wks., 523
llrannan St.
WANTED—M— and hoys to learn plumbing
trade. Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
t'lumblng; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-75 Easton aye.. Ft. Louis, Mo.
AVANTED—One cr two men to learn trade;
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
' -ji2 First st.
WANTED—At once, first-class plumber and
tinner. 012 Merchant et., Independent Em
ployment Agency.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings, $9 60 week. Send addressed en
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 12,
rox lili, Philadelphia, Pa, i
HELP WANTED—MALE—Contlnntjd^
j MURRAY & READT, 634-686 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
THE RIGHT OP MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK,
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave in IMS 1804 we hor>e to
60,010 men work. increase 00,000.
SPECIALS.
FOREMAN.
Steam shovel foreman, country, ace boss
here, $100 and found.
PLANING MILLS.
Sticker hand; country planing mill; see boss
here, $4 day. '
MISCELLA NEOVS.
MINES.
Lumbermen, north, $90.
Young man to assist shipping clerk; city
firm; S9 week.
Bookkeeper, country store, south, $75.
FARMS* DAIRIES, ORCHARDS, ETC.
25 farm hands, teamsters, milkers and chore
men and boys.
ASSAYER.
Aasayer and melter for gold mine; see boss
her*. $S* day. * I
HOTEL.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, porters, bell i
and elevator boys. ; .
Cook and wife, country restaurant. MS; cook
and wife, mine boarding-bouse, $55 found.
OREGON, COAL MINERS. OREGON.
OREGON.
10 coal miners for a good mine by contracte;
big money can be made on this job.
i Rare refunded. Fare refunded.
4 placer miners, north, $45 and fd.
Young man, drive delivery wagon, city, $10
waek.
6 nruners, 75c fare. $26 found.
Walter, mine boarding-house. $25 found.
MURRAY A READY, 634-836 Clay I
PLANER hand, city $2 25 day up 1
5 ranch hands $26 and found !
j Handy man to run boiler of laundry..s9 week
I German milker, also milker'and herder.s3o fd.
ELECTRICIAN
I To wire cottages, bose here.
I jMURRAY A READY. 634 and 686 Clay St.
I HOTEL GAZETTE, r. 12, 26 Montgomery St.—
Wanted, night watchman, city; $30.
' COMPETENT men wanted—We have the most
j complete and successful method for finding
j positions; we desire only high-grade men.
who can furnish satisfactory proof of their
qualifications; none but mem specially fitted |
for some particular work need apply; com
missions payable only on securing a position.
Commercial Clearance Co.. 415-16 Starr King
building, 121 Geary st.
MERCHANTS and manufacturers desiring to
employ commercial travelers are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion. 416 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
$300—WANTED, partner in Al business; big
profit; light service. 288 Fourth St., barber
shop.
MUST sell; 3-cM!r barber shop; good location;
cheap rent; lease. Apply box 3585, Call.
DISHWASHER. 26 Sacramento «t.
PORTER wanted for barber shop. 799 Geary
street.
BARBERS—For sale, 2-chalr shop. 1203%
Golden Gate aye.
A BARBF.K wanted; steady. 34 Montgomery
street.
WANTED—Men or boys to peddle fruit. Call
at 563 Natoma st.
BOY about 14 or 15 for men's furnishing store;
$4 a week at first. 424 Kearny st.
WANTED—Boys deliver telegrams; wages $30
to $35 per month. 300 Montgomery st.
FOR sale—A 2-chair barber shop. Corner
Fourteenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED—Man of good address for permanent
position with reliable company. Address
MANAGER. P. O. box 271, Sacramento. Cal.
MEN —The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade in 8 weeks: wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College, 849 Sacramento St.
lately moved from Clay st.
EXPERIENCED man with good references to
handle an up-to-date line of children's and
misses,' coats at popular prices, excellent
chance for right man. Address HI'TNER
BROS.. New York.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active: positively no other; no traveling;
ralary $200 or more when well started. Cali
at 25 Third st,
WAN'TElS—Educated gentleman to visit email
towns to write short articles for Eastern
magazine: $1000 per year; local rets, re
quired. Box 4000, Call office.
WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenue and costotn-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evgs.
WANTED—Laborer* and mechanics to know
that .Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, hae
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 260 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
MAN under 35 from San Francisco or vicinity
to prepare for coming railway mall clerk
examination; good appointments:
opening. W. L. COFFEY. 465 Parrott bldg.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; cigar stand
and laundry; owner going East. 218 Mont
gomery - aye.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission st., bet. let and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
WANTED—Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair/mattresses, elec
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d at., Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
CASH boys wanted. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
in S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market St., room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d' St., where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mm., 75c.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachment*.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r. 415.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bull is, r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar
ket—7oo rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been orened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
'ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 671 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LIGHT gray mare, sound and perfectly gen
tle, for sale: weight 950 lbs. Address Gray
Mare, general delivery. Alameda.
I THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
, lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DU E.I CKEELY.Pres.,SIO Golden Gate.
BUS. buggies, surreys, rub.-tire runabout, ex
press wagon; cheap. 100 Golden Gate aye.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. E. STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia.
WANTED—To buy a good and stylish road
horse. Address box 3297, Call office.
1 FOR sale—Two well matched buckskin horses,
gentle: a bargain. 2111 Baker st.
i AUCTION sa!» of horses, wagons and harness
j every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
j HOUSESiJTO I
; A- PRINTED list of houses to let; senTfoVch£ i
_cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery, j
I UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home; I
■ Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
CaJ ' office.
? UP-TO-DATE residence; 10 rooms and bath;
. 2267 Union St.; rent $75. MADISON A
BURKE.
I HOUSE 8 rooms and bath Inquire 126
I Eddy -t
APARTMENTS WANTED.
I WANTED —4-room apartment; state rates and
accommodations. Box 3398. Call.
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van Ness aye.—
This first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location is unsurpassed. Th«
equipments are all modern, with every con
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; auperb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
t New York, and Moana HoteL Honolulu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 3, 1905.
INSTALLMENT BUILDING.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot:
$S a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your ln
stailments less than rent: send for circular.
LOST AND FOUND.
IF' party who found black purse with small
brass buckles on each side, containing call
ing cards and several other articles, will re
turn to the penny auditorium they will re-l
ceive reward.
LOST— Tan leather bag. New Year's eve; small
purse and gloves inside. Return to 1230
Market st. and receive reward.
LOST—Sunday afternoon. Deo. 11, at beach,
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward »f returned to 1326 Forty
ninth aye.. Boulevard station, or for infor
mation of whereabouts.
LOST—English setter dog: black and white
Boots; license number 4481. Rejwrn to 716
Clayton st. and receive reward.
$20 REWARD; no questions asked; lost. Dec.
31. string gold beads. Return to 30 Baker st.
FOUND— Gold badge, headquarters Co. L, L.
C. C. Apply Baumgartner, 1046 Market st.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
c a. mcneill launch co., foot of ciay
St.; for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 534
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief or
no pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st. rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: postlvely corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every case taken; Immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
all case* of irregularity; by consulting m*
save time and money; advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LADlES—Possibly I'm nottthe cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped: I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room L Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and irregularities; instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. sth.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for*all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr
inge and tablets : price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
ALL cases of female Irregularities relieved at
once: guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 850
Market St., opp. Fourth, room 87.
MRS. DB. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission st.. near
Fourth; home In confinement; 25 years' expe
rience: beet\medical attention: low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
DR ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
2Pth: ladies, relief or no fee: 810.
■ MONEY TO LOAN.
AAAAA—A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided interests.
Goods in bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates in probate.
Life estatea
Rents.
Special department for loans to ladles on
their notes.
Private offices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton St., near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAA A —THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month: if you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484f and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET."
Private offices at 21 Stockton et.. 2d floor.
N. B.—The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es
tates In probate, undivided interests in prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; prone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at 2
l>er cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate:
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 48
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
AN V amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal; other security; fairest
rates; strictly confidential; no commis. Na
tional Credit Co., 506 Donohoe bid., 8 Taylor.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
PRIVATE—Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee: no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,623 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
• private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st., rooms 14 and 13.
SALARIED people on note. 8. F. DISCOUNT
A'il'NVY, 12.".-12? Phelan bide. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
Z% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MQRRELL. (VP Examiner building.
MONET WANTED.
FOR good mortgage loans, $300 to $16,000. DU
RAY SMITH, broker. 426 Tenth. Oakland.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Writs
us about It. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
p alleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry sold on
credit by paying one-fifth down, balance pay
able at your own convenience. Pacific Jew
elry Co., 21 Stockton st., second floor.
BAKES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st. J
MISCELLANEOUS —FOB SALE—Cor..
BOILERS, engines. 2d-handjnachinery. MeIN
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHTTELAW, 263-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents" full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.;
THY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 parr;
' foot-form shots at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont
gomery st., room 12. upstairs.
ACETYLENE gas plant for sale, and I am go
ing to sell it; you know the rest. J. E.
LEWIS, Ross, Marin Co., Cal.
A GOOD billiard table and one dozen fancy
tip cues at a bargain. 627 East Twelfth
St., Oakland.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
BEAUTIFUL white polar bearskin, mounted;
sacrifice; at Taxidermißt. 11 City Hall square.
PURCHASER for complete set of unused Ca
nadian jubilee stamps. Box 3666, Call.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
ID-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged, T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st.; t*l South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sa'e, rental;
bargains. Bullard St Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES —New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at.
ROOMB papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 418.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont St.
MISCELLANEOUS WAVTB.
AAAAA--Highett prices for ladies', gents' cast
eff clothing. Tel. Davie 825. (i5O Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER St CO., r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny st.; phone Black 3036.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress,
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folson.; tel. Red 77.
HIGHEST prices paid for ladles' and gents'
castoff clothing. TILTON, 154 Ninth st.
MU SIC AL INSTKUME NTS.
A BUNcTToIMBAItGALNi.
1 Haake $38; 1 Decker, $48; 1 Stoddard, $110;
1 Fischer, $125.
ALSO
1 Sterling. 1 Stelnway. 1 Curtas. 1 Vose, 1
Weber 1 Haines, and many others. Easy pay
ments. BENJ. CURTAZ St SON, 16 O'Far
rell St y
A GREAT opportunity—We are closing out
our entire Seattle stock In S. F. at pric-s
never heard of before; all makes; your
terms are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary St.. S. F.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; cost
$700; price $288; will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 660 Hayea st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square. $20. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $185
takes it. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for.s96
237 Geary at.
ELEGANT uprights.new St 2d hand.s4s to $500
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th ats.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy planoe Cecellan piano
pUyer. ' BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Poet st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOfKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 218.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
barber shop.
PEBSOKAM^^^^^^^^
' •—R—E—X—R— A—D—l —O—' B—'' .
HUMANIZED "RADIUM" TREATMENT.
' THOUSANDS" JbAVS been promptly, suc
cessfully treated for various alleged Incur
able diseases. Including over TWELVE
HUNDRED cases of TOTAL DEAFNESS.
Multitude of "testimonials," also REFHsa-
BNCBB to grateful patients. Consultation
free; terms moderate. 1 Fourth st. (up
states), corner Market.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial bautifylng; a face with
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and book
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im
proves Its growth,stops falling,cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at druggists .hairdressers';ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy C 0.,1338 Polk
HAIR growers. Are you using the right one?
Best recipes and treatment for each kind of
baldness. All 26c. Box 14. Sheepranch, Cal.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore St.; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over
coats ami trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St.. near Powell.
INFANTS adopted; housekeeping rail if de-..
sired. Dr. Funke, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St., be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In flne clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton,369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary,r 38
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'B Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druugisiV
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL —Office and residence,
1031% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famoua herb doctor —All dls
easee cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured: new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 9 Powell.
flne business; $200 month;
light work: bona fide. Box 3600, Call office.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
torr.ey-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market ay
PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit
ed. 306 Larkin st., room 49; tel. South 319.
Mts^.sfwffl^sj' llOUJttleaT—For Sal*.
$6000—80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva
tion, with improvements. In orchard sectiou
of Sutter County; only three miles from
county seat and on line of new irrigation
ditch.
A snap If taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
406 Second st., Marysville, Cal.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
048 Market at.
CONTRA COSTA County Real Estate for sale.
Send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
JKEAI ESTATE-CTTT—FOJB SAXiB^
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post st.
City agents for Firemen's Fund Insurance
Company; publishers of the Buyer and Seller, a
real estate monthly pamphlet, containing ar
ticles of interest pertaining to real estate and
a fine list of properties for sale; free; send
for one.
$20.000—Rent $2040 per annum: 6 new. sunny
flats, modern Improvements; centrally
located. Julian aye.. n. ar 14th St., car
transfer corner; within ten minutes'
walk of City Hall, new postofflce and
manufacturing district.
$",500 —Shrader st.. near the park; elegant
new house of 9 rooms and bath, electrlo
lights, furnace, gas grates, etc.; mort
gage of $4500 can remain; lot 25x120;
terms If desired.
$5.500— Walnut st.: 3 new flats of 6 and T
rooms and bath, renting for $58 per
month; 27:0 feet frontage; convenient
to the car lines.
$10,500—Hyde st., near transfer point at Cali
fornia; substantial three-story building;
store on ground floor, renting for $80,
and two flats above of 5 and 6 rooma
and bath each renting low at $20 and
$22 50 per month; total rents, $72 50;
inside business property at this low
figure is seldom offered; this is your
opportunity.
$6,000-Monthly returns in rent are $66; this
ia a first-class buy for income; four flats
in the Mission warm belt; half block
from 24th-st. cars; flne condition; al
ways rented; large lot, 50x100.
$15,500—Centrally located downtown Income
property; short distance from Pine and
Kearny ats.; frame and brick buildings
renting for $130 per month; mortgage of
$7000 with bank can remain at 6 per
cent; lot 35x137:6.
«
$4,000 —I St., near 17th aye.; artistic home of
rooms and bath; modern In every de
tail; lot 25x100; comfortable home; easy
terms.
$6,000 —Avery St., near Geary and Fillmore;
three fiats of 8, 6 and 6 rooms and
bath each; rents $59 50.
$5,750—8u5h St., near the electric line; two
flne flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
renting for $50 per month; in good con
dition; investigate this.
$30,000—Page-st. business corner; 2 frame
buildings, consisting of grocery store
and 4 flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath,
renting for $200 per month; large lot,
37:6x106:3.
$12,000--Washington-st. business corner, near
Kearny; brick building, leased to one
tenant for $120 per month.
$9,500 —Stelner St., near Alamo Square; fine
2-story house of 10 rooms, bath, fur
. nace. hardwood floors, etc.; leased at
present for $65 per month; comfortable
home in a desirable location.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
Realy for building; only a few of these choice
marine-view lots left; In block bounded
by Vallejo, Green, Broderick and Baker
ats.; property on official grade; streets
and crossings; sewered; low prices on
terms to suit.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Finest subdivision of home building lots of
fered to the public in years; Parnassus
Heights fronts Golden Gate Park on H
st. and extends from Ist to 7th aye (the
boulevard) and back to the Affiliated
Colleges; office corner H st. and 7th
aye; open every day, including Sun
days: attendant with rig to show you
around.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
SPECK & CO..
200 Montgomery St.
Selling. Rents Collected.
Leasing. Insurance.
INCOME PROPERTIES.
$127,500—Choice hotel property, new brick
building, on CO ft. lot; first-class down
town location: leased for a term of
years; pays 7 per cent net.
$52,500— Splendid new building: 56 rooms. 20
baths; leased; cash security; rents
$4670; Mne Investment.
$23,500 —Corner in select section of Western
Addition; stores and flats above; lease
one tenant. $#100 yearly; nets over 8
per cent; positively a good buy.
$21,600 —Exceptionally bright and sunny, well
located new Western Addition fiats; 36
ft. corner lot; rents $2460 year; see this.
$17,500 —Harrlson-st. corner, close in; 55 ft.
frontage; good Improvements and yield
ing an Income of over $2000 yearly.
19,000—Fine Western Addition flats; lot 25x
122:6 renting for $76 50 monthly.
$7,600 —Dupont-st. business property; a sub
stantial Investment; improvements in
flne condition: leased for term of years
at $72" annually.
$6,200 —An exceptionally good paying invest
ment in flats; In best .part Richmond
District: on 4 carllnea and close to
Park; will pay 20 per cent on invest
ment; see this sure.
$s,6oo—New and cozy flats in flne neighbor
hood, Western Addition; nothing nicer
for the money; 25 ft. lot; all rented at
$6CO yearly.
$3,800 —3 small flats south of Market St.,
now renting for $35 month; should rent
for more; make an offer.
BUILDER'S REMODELING CHANCE
$0,000 —SE. cor. Sutter and Scott sts.; 10
-room residence; convert Into 4 stores
and flats above at a cost of $5000, and
same will easily rent for $176 month.
$50,000 —Corner in wholesale district; one
block from Market and California sts.;
lot 46x100; old improvements.
RESIDENCES.
$35,000—Beautiful modern 10-room residence.
Pacific Heights: magnificent marine
view; lot 27:6x137:6.
$15,500— Splendid California-st. residence; 12
rooms; large grounds, very choice.
$5.000 —Tremont-ave. dwelling of 10 rooms;
flrst-claes condition; 25 ft. lot; certain
ly cheap.
$5,000 —Elegantly appointed, new and dainty
cottage of 5 rooms; 50 ft lot; In fine
neighborhood; Western Addition; a bar.
gain and very nice.
$33,000—The most superbly located residence
site in the city; elegant neighborhood
and extended marine and city view;
cheapest purchase of its kind In TTie
city; 8* frontages. 128x137:6 feet.
LOTS.
$25,500 —Superbly located residence site; Pa
cific Heights; choicest in city; 62 ft.
frontage; unsurpassed marine view.
$4,2so—First-ave. boulevard; near Lake at.;
50 ft. frontage.
$4,250— Very choice Clay-st. lot, 80x112 ft;
select neighborhood.
We have a large list of lots in all sections
of the city; some special buys in the Rich
mond district.
SPECK St CO..
209 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Exoelslor Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on grade;
close to flne school and Misslon-st. electrlo
cars; bound to double In value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month:
no taxes; flne lota, near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Pars;; these are the cheapest lots in this dis
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., r. 8. Phone Main 6704.
$80,000.
CLOSE TO GEARY AND TAYLOR.
Nearly 70 ft. front by 137:6 ft. deep.
Has rear frontage.
Excellent site for Improvement and positive In
crease In value.
Present old improvements pay $230 a month;
could pay better.
THOMAS MAGEE St SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
A DECIDED bargain—Fine 12-room residence
on corner lot, 50x125; located In best section
of Western Addition; can be bought for al
most value of ground. For particulars call
or address J. J. 8., room 801. 927 Market.
$7000 —HALF cash; new, sunny flats; frescoed,
tinted; 5 and 6 rooms; baths: attic. 2085
-2087 Golden Gate aye., near Central.
GOOD work our motto: prices moderate. AHL
BACH St MAYER, plumbers, 836 Howard st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A GUARANTEED curs for
FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per box: war
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding, itching,
external, internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without fall, no matter how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero st., near Sutter.
THE following half-orphans have been ad
mitted into the Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren: Jennie 'Campiau. 6 yeara; Llllle M.
Lowe, 6 years; Wilfred Janoe, 11 years;
Gordon Dobson, 6 years.
SAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
IAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fail
to see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park, the ideal propety of them all. Lots of
about one acre each. Bound to be moat valu
able; $900 up.
HAYWARD ADDITION.
Adjoining the town. Business and residence
lota Street work complete. Covered with ma
jestlo oaka Easy terms. See our local agent,
Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo office open
Sunday.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, 25 Post st.
LOMITA PARK.
As an Investment or for a home site, a 50
-foot lot In Lomita Park offers exceptional ad
vantages. Only 45 minutes from the city on
the San Mateo electric line; outside the fog
belt; well located and drained; artesian water:
streets graded; water and eewer pipes laid.
Terms—A first payment of from $10 up and
balance at $10 per month. Easily within the
reach of all. First placed on the market Au
gust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Go down and investigate or
write to-day—to-morrow may be too late to
secure a choice.
6ELBY. RODGERS ft CO..
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also at LOMITA PARK.
ALAMEDA ADVEBTOMTS
ALA MED A REAL BBT ATB.
E. D. JUDD CO.
The Bay Side Tract of Alameda has been
placed on the market and is attracting at
tention as being the finest of all residence sec
tions. It has never before been offered for aale
The tract contains 48 lots, 50x150, fronting
on Bay st, the latter being 60 feet wide. The
land lies high, sloping gradually from San
Antonio aye. to the water front, where a
cement bulkhead has been put In.
The Bay Side Tract has been sewered and
all sewer connections made to the lota.
The streets will be beautifully macadamised
and the gutters formed of rock and cement,
and all sidewalks cement; on each lot have
been reserved from one to four flne large oak
trees
Electric light poles will be furnished. The
adjoining locations will contain the most ex
pensive and attractive homes in Alameda
Sherman st. being one block to the east.
Lying aa this 'tract does, in the heart of
the finest residence section, we look for a
genuine awakening on the part of Investors as
to the desirability of these lota. Morton st.
ststion lies within 10 minutes' walk and the
electric car line passes the north end of the
street.
For further Information inquire of Baldwin
ft Howell, 25 Poet st., San Francisco, or E.
D. Judd Co., 1424 Park St.. Alameda.
SPECIALS.
North side San Antonio aye.; new house of
9 large rooms; lot 50x150; gas, electricity;
beautiful bathroom; cost $8500; sacrificing at
$6500.
New house of 10 rooms on Sherman st.; lot
76x150; cost $16,000; now offered at $13,000.
Large cottage of 6 rooms, all modern plumb
ing; lot 60x130; artesian well water; offered on
easy terms, $2760; originally cost $4500.
Modern cottage 5 rooms; lot 40x120; $1300.
Modern cottage, 6 rooms; lot 80x150; $1400.
25 or 30 flne building lots; choicest In Ala
meda
E D. JUDD CO.,
1424 Park st.
BERKELEY ABVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A FEW BARGAINS.
$2000— Four acres sdjolnlng U. C. grounds on
east, graded road to land, living water.
$1500—Large lot; 52x140; Berry-Bange Tract,
near Derby street and Telegraph aye.
$1500 —Walnut street lot: flne marine view.
$3000 —8-room house, near College aye.
$3150 —6-room house; Oxford st.
$2600—New 6-room cottage; Harper at.
$3500 —New 6-room house; Dana st.
For rent: Good 7-room house on Charming way;
flrst-clase condition.
Other lots and houses in Berkeley we will
show on application at our office.
R. A. BERRY ft CO..
Postofftce Block. Berkeley.
FOR salo at great sacrifice—Two-story house,
8 rooms: lot 155x207: must be sold by 20th;
owner going East; no reasonable offer refused;
is situated 1 block north of Corbin station.
West Berkeley. T. J. BEVTS, on premises.
FRUITVALE ADVERT'STS
FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR rent —3 places for chickens, one 10-acre
place that has 100 pigeons, 80 hens, ducks,
nice cow, horse, 2 wagons, 2 sets harness,
these things are for sale; a 2%-acre place,
all fruit trees, 4-room house, stable; 2 places,
no chickens, very pleasant; come don't write.
M. H KENISTON, corner Hopkins st. and
Peralta ay*.
OAKLAND ADVERTS'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
! 6000—Worth $7500. $6000— Worth 87500.
6000—Worth $7500. $6000—Worth $7500.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
The choicest and most sightly lot In Pied
mont; 100 feet frontage on two streets by a
depth of over 300 feet; all street work com
plete; surrounded by elegant residences; con
venient to cars; grand view of Golden Gate,
San Francisco, Marin hills, the bay and Oak
land; easy terms; must be sold.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1062 Broadway, Oakland, CaL
- BARGAIN!
$ftooo will buy a flne $3000 home.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
Fine home of 9 rooms and all conveniences,
surrounded by palms; lot 160 feet front: lot
surrounded by three streets: on electric line,
almost entirely free from fogs: climatic con
ditions unexcelled.
If you wish a flne sheltered home see this
property. It Is In the Piedmont district.
For particulars see
J. H. MACDONALD ft CO.,
1062 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
ELEGANT residence lots, 40x120 and 40x200
each, in Piedmont district; 3 short blocks to
"Key route" depot; one block from Broad
way; elevated ground; fine view; atreet
work complete; entirely new neighborhood;
30 minutes to San Francisco; convenient to
Country Club.
FOR PRICES AND TERMS SEE
3. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1052 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
* ———— |
!
U C THIS!
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A SNAP IN I
A FIRST-CLASS. ELEGANT HOME HOUSE
OF 9 ROOMS; LOT 50x150; FINE MARINE
VIEW; TERRACED LAWN: STONE STEPS.
WALKS AND WALL WITH IRON FEN<~E
AROUND ENTIRE PROPERTY; 5 OAK AND
MAPLE MANTELS: OAK FINISH IN HALL
AND DINING ROOM; CONSTRUCTION
GI'ARANTEED, AS THIS WAS THE FOR
MER HOME OF OUR GOVERNOR AND
BUILT OF THE BEST MATERIAL MONEY
COULD BUY. PRICE ONLY $6250. EASY
TERMS.
$4200 —New, modern store and flat: a rare
chance to get a good piece of business '
property located at the terminus of Key
Route; flat rented under two years' lease
at $30 per month: store will rent for $2."
per month; good opening for any kind sf
business.
$4100 buys a new 7-room house, all modern im
provements, pillared archway to parlor,
panel dining-room; situated In the most
aristocratic neighborhood of Oakland; this
is certainly a snap. See
-KREISS ft HORSWILL.
1070 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAP LOTS—CHEAP LOTS. J
What Next?
Closing Out What's Left.
860 a Lot. Jessie Jones Tract
$75 a Lot. Westall Tract.
$75 Laurel Grove Park.
$125 Florence Jones Traot
$100 Galindo Tract.
Any one of these lots may be a fortune for
your little one; $5 cash. $1 50 monthly; ad
joining East Oakland; no fogs nor raw winds
here; all Al lots; call or send for circular.
455 Seventh St.. opposite Broadway station.
Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
A SNAP—Choice let, 110x125, SW. cor. 21st
and Myrtle sts.; will be sold as a whole or
in subdivisions; sold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle st. Oakland. i
OAKLAND APVERTWTS
Oaklnnil Fnrnlxlied Flat* for Sal*.
FOX sale-rFurnish*d ti-room modern flat, nil
new: bath, gas and electricity; flne location:
good landlord: great bargain: owner leaving
city: no agenta. Apply 1011 Washington St..
Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO MORROW the day for bargains In furni
ture. 11. Schelhaas. 11th ?t.,eor store,Oaklanil
San Francisco Advertisem'tN
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 421—Two sunny rooms, nicely fur
nished for housekeeping; gas.
BUCHANAN. 031—Nice furnished rooms; also
use of kitchen: reasonable.
BUCHANAN. 1404—Three rooms furnished for
housekeeping.
EDDY, 743—Two sunny well furnished house
keeping rooms: gas range, yard. etc.
FOURTH. 73—Two housekeeping, $10; unfur
nished. $8; electrlo lights; phone.
GOLDEN GATE aye. 887—Newly furnished
sunny front rooms, light housekeeping; lock
door; bath.
GOLDEN GATE ava, 438—Furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 881—Nice single rooms
for housekeeping.
GEARY. 1225—Fine, sunny, bay-window suite:
all conveniences; nice marine view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
HARRISON. 8408%, bet. 20th and 21st—2 sun
ny front rooma with bath; gas rangs; gas
Included; $12.
HOFF aye., 31, bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth
sts.—Nice sunny room; light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 840—Front sun. suite,grate, 2 bed*.
$3 50 wk.; hskpg,private kitch.; no children
HOWARD, 737%, Manila House—Sunny front
suits 2 rooms; coal stove.
HOWARD, 822—One suite housekeeping; also
single.
HOWARD, 1708—2 sunny nicely tarnished
housekeeping rooms; gas range, bath, etc
HYDE, 1616—8 or 4 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping, furnished or unfurnished.
JACKSON. 1800, cor. Polk—New and nicely
furnished front housekeeping rooms, com
plete; marine view; $20.
JESSIE, 323—Large front parlor; gas range,
sink; $14 mo.; other rooms cheap.
KEARNY, 805—Nice front room, with fire
place; also hkpg. rooms, with gas and bath.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine -
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted: free baths; rates reasonable
LARKIN, 810% —Nice, large housekeeping
room; gas stove; bath.
LAFAYETTE, 16 —2 furnished housekeeping
rooms, with bath; $13.
LEAVENWORTH. 606— Two sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms.
LIBERTY. 602—2 unfurnished sunny rooms for
light housekeeping; use of bath.
MARKET. Vaienola—2 sunny aids
rooms, with oval stove; $11.
MARTHA place. 2, off Geary, nr. Taylor—2
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
MASON, 406—Furnished rooms; also house
keeping.
MCALLISTER, 1953—Three sunny housekeep
ing rooms; bath and laundry; new flat; $lt>.
,
MISSION. 1520—2 sunny front rooms for
housekeeping, gas stove; also single.
OAK, 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12: gas range; hot hath: adults.
OAK GROVE aye., 19, betTFlfth and^lxth—2
connecting rooms; gas; bath; laundry.
OTTAVIA, 1232—1 or 2 housekeeping rooms,
rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 208—3 connecting rooms; gas
range, running water; complete; 2 beds.
O'FARRELL, 820—Housekeeping rooms, en
suite and single; sunny side; cheap; con
veniences.
PAGE, 278—2 housekeeping rooms; hot bath;
$l*. ;
POLK, 1843, cor. Clay—2 nicely furnished sun
ny front rooms, $18; 2 back rooma. $12.
SOUTH PARK. 106—Housekeeping rooms.
STEVENSON, 255—Single room, $1; front room
for tailor or florist; housekeeping; complete;
$1 75. -
TEHAMA, 426—Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; $8 up; single $5; suites $10.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3306, near Mission—2
small housekeeping rooma $8; gas, yard;
no children.
VALENCIA. 822—2 sunny furnished housekeep
ing rooms; electric lights; gas stove; $16.
VALENCIA. 210 —2 sunny front rooms; light
housekeeping: private family.
ROOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfurn.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane—New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric tights; only first-class house
In locality; rooms $1 60 week and up.
A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.—Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open ail night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms, 25c to SOc, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electrle
lights, running water in every room: 2CO
rooms; 26c to 50c per night; $1 26 to $3 week.
BUSH. 1338, near Polk—Furnished sunny
room with home privileges: $6.
CALIFORNIA. 1284 —Nice sunny front room;
running water: large closet; nice location.
DE LONG aye., 155, Ashbury Heights—One
large alcove room. I windows: gae, bath ■r-d
tubs, slso small room for cooking: rent $12.
EDDY. 871—Newly furnished rooms, suitable
for one or more gentlemen: reasonable; bath
running water; phone East 1171
EDDY, 1254—A large, commodious room, suit
able for two gentlemen; modern house; hot
baths; $8 per month.
GEARY. 878— Large back room; t eloaets.
grate, etc.; $10 per month.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 357—Newly furnlshe,',
sunny rooms, $t 60, $2 50 up: bath; lock door.
GRAND Southern-, 7th and Mission—Rooms 33e
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD. 715 —Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
JONES. ♦ 808 —Single snd double sunny fur
nished rooms.
LARKIN. 817% —Sunny corner room for light
housekeeping; ressonable.
MARKET, 917—Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 993—Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) —Sunny moms:
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator: also hkpg.
McALLISTER. 14—Large, light, sunny rooma
unfurnished: suitable housekeeping; reason
able; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 128 Third st —400
single and family rooms 36c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and given.free baths and ele
vator service day and night to Its guests.
MINNA. 217 —2 furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 1056 —Nice sunny single room; 81 T5
per week.
MISSION. 1638B —Nice large room for 3 men.
cheap; also front room; grate, bath; with
or without board.
MISSION. 1007. nr. Twelfth—Sunny single fur
nished front roam. $5; other room; gaa bath.
O'FARRELL, 797. corner Larkin—Nicely fur
nished sunny bay window room: also suit
with connecting bath: cheap.
O'FARRELL. 230—Nice sunny rooma, single
or double: house changed hands.
POST. 610 —Room to let.
POWELL 222. nr. Geary-—Sunny housekeep
ing rooms and others; rent reas.; see them.
For - Additional Classified Advertise,
meats See Page 14.
1814
BOOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfara.
POWELL. 93S—Furnished rooms.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis—lncandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 60; wee!.-. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH, 22+ Nice furnished rooms; reasonable;
toed location. •
STEVENSON) 275—Nice front room to let;
$2 week. '
SAN JOSE aye., 267—Sunny front room, newly
iurnished: private family.
THE ST KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.- POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY. NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS, TELEPHONE SERV
ICE HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
T! UK. 183—Clean, sunny furn. rooms, with
board: suite or single; housekeeping; $5 up.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4082 —3 sNnny rooms and
bath: rent 812; no children.
VKNDOME. 1 Market — Furn. rooms, suite
or single;' suites $5 week up. 15 Turk.
UNITED S TATES. 123 Eddy, nr. Market—4oo
rooms 35< to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec
'rio lights (no gasl, running water In every
I oth: < t r, rend. -ro. m; tree bus, baggage.
VAN NESS aye.. 1008—Sunny rooms to let,
furnished or unfurnished.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., nr. Market-
Most corvenlent and respectable: 700 rooms:
36c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to *S week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL LAIGLON. 501 Geary St.—Large,
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 8,
$60 mo.; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
GOLDEN GATE aye, 1031. nr Jefferson Park.
fur. front rms. bath; private house; good
board, $20. $22; 2 $M 2. $38 morvth.
LEAVENWORTH, 1C23-Sunny room's with
board; reasonable; good home cooking: bath;
phone: central.
EXCELLENT home cooking, $4 per week;
with large sunny room, $5. 323 First st.
TABLE board. 316 Minna st.
COMOjRA <Th.». «'2l O'Farreil—Quiet, homey;
rates, service, table satisfactory: billiards.
HAIGHT. eB. near Market Handsomely fur
nished room, with good German board.
ROOM and board for lady or gentleman. 229
California aye. ■
PENNY front rooms, with excellent board; rea
sonable. HOP Franklin
MASON 615 A. near >ut;er—Room and board
for lady; private family.
CALIFORNIA. 607—Best rooms, table and ser
vice in the city for the least money.
ELLIS. 453—Splendid single rooms with best
of French table board; reasonable.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED —Room and board for 2 adults: state
rata* and location. Box 3103, Call office.
BOOMS WANTED. \
I'I'KNISHED room wanted by single man.
r x :i572. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND^SUPPLXES.
THE opportunity of a lifetime to buy the
best sewing machine in the world at little
price Is now; the place is the new retail
office of the White Co., 915 Market St.; all
shop-worn and used machines are being
closed out regardless of cost to manufacture;
sale now going on.
ALL makes. 2d-hand, $2. $5, $7. $9; new, $4. $8;
drop heads, D-drawer. golden oak. $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rales. National Automatic
S. M. Co., 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use; beat
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price, all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic office, 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
ALL kinds s-cond-hand 83, $5, $8; slightly
used |10, $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
fad. CHAS. PLAMBECK, 1818 Mission at, j
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723
-731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Drumm st.;
phone Mint 2<J4l; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving :
flee Post and IVwell sts.. tel. Prlv. Ex. 871. j
PACIFIC Stcrasr<- ar.<l Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery ,
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: The Giant Powder
Company. Cun. —A dividend. No. 73. of fifty
centa tSOc) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay
able n1 the office of the company, rooms
202. 204 and 200 Hayward bldg. San Fran
cisco, on Jan. 10. 1905. Transfer" books close
Jan. 3. 1905. at noon. C C. QUINN, Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—ltalian American Hank,
corner Montgomery and Sacramento sts. —
For the half-year end.ng December 31, a
dividend has been declared at the rate' of
3Va per cent per annum on all savings de
posits, free ot taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3, 191.5. A. SBAHBORO.
President; A. E. SBARBOKO, Cashier.
OFFICE of The Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones
sts.—San Francisco, Dec. 28, 1904.—At a
regulur meeting of the board of directors of
this society, held this day, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one
half (3Va) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending December If,
1904, free from all taxes, and payable on
and after January 3, 1905. ROBEHT J
TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—Central Trust Company
42 Montgomery street—For the six months
ending December 31, 1904 dividends hay»
been declared on the deposits la the savings
department of this company as follows: Oa
term deposits at the rate of 3 «-10 per cent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at roe
rate of 314 per cent per annum, free from
taxes and payable on and alter Tuesday,
January 3, 1905.
H. BRENNER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice—San Francisco and Subur
ban Home Building Society, sth floor, Mutual
Savings Bank buildUm, 70S Market st„ op
posite Third st.—For the half-year ending
December 31, 1904, a dividend has been de
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Monday January 2, 1905.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD, Manager.
J. M. DUKE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice—California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery st».—For the six months ending
December 31. 1904. dividends have been de
clared on the deposits In the savings depart
ment of this company as follows: On term
deposits, at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per
annum, and on ordinary deposits at the rate
of 3 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Tuesday, January 3,
1805. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND notice—Mechanlca' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts.—
For the half year ending with December 81.
1804. a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three and one-quarter (3%) per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay
able on and after Tuesday, January 3. 1906.
Deposits bear interest from date received
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE—SECURITY SAVINGS
BANK. 222 Montgomery st.. Mills building
for naif year ending December 31, 1904
dividends upon all deposits at the rate of
three and one-quarttr (314) per cent per ;
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on
and after January 3, 1906. FRED W. RAY
Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at 626 Market 1
street, opposite Palace Hotel, for the half
year, ending December 31. 1904, haa declared
a dividend on deposits at the rate of three
and one-quarter (314) per cent per annum,
free of taxes; payable on and after Tues
day, January 3. 1906.
W. E. PALMER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice—Savings and Loan Society
101 Montgomery at., corner of Sutter, has
. declared a dividend for the term ending
December 31. 1904, at the rate of three and I
one-quarter (314) Per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes and payable on and
after January 2. 1905. CYRUS W. CAR
MANY. Cashier.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 80. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California et.
2D-HAND typewritera aold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. C 0.,608 Market
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE.—Office of Insurance Commlsslonsr,
State of California, San Franclaco, December
—. 1004—To Whom It May Concern: Pur
suant to the requirements of section 595 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that tb. Ocean Accident ft Guarantee Cor
poration, Limited, of London, has surren
dered Its certificate of authority -previously
granted by this department, thus withdraw
ing from business In this State, and said
company Is no longer authorised to transact
business therein. E. MYRON WOLF, In
surance Commissioner.
NOTlCE—Office of Insurance Commissioner.
State of California, San Franclaco, December
—. 1004.—T0 whom It may concern: Pur
suant to the requirements of rectlon 095 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that the Firemen's Insurance Company of
Baltimore has withdrawn from business in
thi* State, and said company is no longer
authorized to transact business therein. E.
MYRON WOLF, Insurance Commissioner.
NOTICE —Offlce of Insurance Commissioner.
State of California, San Francisco, December
—, 1904. —To whom it may concern: Pur
suant to the requirements of section 593 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that the Greenwich Insurance Company of
New Ycr!: has surrendered Its certificate of
authority previously granted by this depart
ment, thus withdrawing from business In
this State, n.rd s.-<id company is no longer
authorized to transact business therein. E.
MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Dec. 15. 1904.—T0
whom It may concern: Be It hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA
HAN, under the firm name of MONAHAN,
O'HARA ft CO.. Is hereby dtssolved. The
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from the
said concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. J. MONAHAN.
VIAVI.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond.
521 Franklin. Inquire 621 Franklin. 8 to 12.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will net be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the. publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
CAILLEAU—In this city, January 1, 1906,
to the wife of Armand Cailleau. a son.
DAVENPORT—In this city. December 28. 1904,
to the wife of H. A. Davenport, a son.
DOWD—In this city, December 24, 1904, to
the wife of Steve Dowd, a eon.
Mc KEN NAN—In Bollnas. Cal., December 16,
IWO4, to the wife of \V. H. McKennan, a
daughter.
PADUYERIS—In this city, January 1. 1906,
to the wife of D. Paduverls. a daughter.
SIMON—In Alameda. Cal., December 28. 1904,
to the wife of Charles D. Simon, a son.
TONKIN—In this city, January 2, 1905, to
the wife of James V. Tonkin, a son.
WILSHUSEN—In this city, December 22, 1904,
to the wife of Henry Wilshusen, a daughter.
MARRIED.
McDONALD—JUDSON—In this city, December
27, 1904, by the Rev. William Kirk Guthrie,
Byron McDonald and Mignon Judson, both
of this city.
DIED.
Acker, Helene —7 Murray, Kate —73
Andersen, Albert P.—55 Neilan, Nellie C.—4l
Baker, Sarah—6B Norrington, Wm.—66
Bent, Silas E.—74 • Parrott, Helene E.
Cohn, Sadie Breslauer Pyne, Geo. J.—lo mos.
Corrigan, Peter—79 .Rlbby. Mary—6s
Culllgan, Louisa—33 Richardson, John —23
Davib, John H. —62 |Root, James M.—Bl
Kills, Henry—4B j Roller, Wm. F.—67
Escalle, Ellen Sawyer, Bosworth—23
Furrer, Rudolph—3 ' Schachhuber,Caroline —
Howard, Thomas—36 ; 68
Kearney, P. F.—63 Schroeder, Freddie—l
Kelly. James —70 Smith. Butler —54
La Brie. Victor—l 7 Steimke, Dorathea—s4
Long, Mary Ann —91 Sullivan, Matthew
Mahler, Theresa—l ; Talbot, Mary A.—24
Mallory, Thos. H.—69 Vorrath. Thos. H.—BB
McFeeley, Bernard—76! Wells, Catherine—67
Murray, Clara C.
ACKER—In this city, January 2, 1906, Helene.
beloved daughter of Franz and Johanna
Acker, and sister of Hermlne, Anna, Carl
and Francis Acker, a native of San Fran
cisco, aged 7 years and 7 months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m., from the resi
dence of her parents, 307 Leavenworth street,
near Eddy. Interment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
ANDERSEN —In Alameda, Cal., December 31,
1904, Albert Peter Andersen, beloved and
only brother of Mrs. Hertha Kraul of Peach
street, Alameda, a native of Denmark, aged
66 years and 17 days.
(L~7Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from James Fowler's Under
taking Parlors, 1524 Park street, Alameda.
Cremation Oakland. Please omit flowers'.
BAKER—In Oakland. Cal, January 1, 1905,
at 616 Fortieth street, Sarah, beloved wife
of-George Baker, and mother of George E.,
Harry H. and William H. Baker and Mrs.
W. I. Drake, a native of England, aged 63
years 3 months and 2 days
BENT—In this city, January 2. 1906, Silas E.
Bent, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 74 years.
at the funeral parlors of the
H. p. Maass Co., 917 Mission street.
COHN—In Los Angeles, Cal , January 2, 1905,
Sadie Breslauer Cohn, beloved wife of Isi
dor Cohn,' and beloved sister of Mrs. Jake i
Cohn of Susanville, Mrs. Julius Siegel, Mrs.
Henry Zellcrbach and Julie Breslauer, a na
tive of San Francisco.
liyNotice of funeral hereafter.
CORRIGAN—In Oakland. December 31, 1904,
Peter, beloved husband of Catherine Coirigan, I
and father of Mrs. F. X. Schempp and Peter |
A. and E. O. Corrigan. a native of County I
Monaghan, Ireland, aged 79 years 9 months
and 22 days.
ffyFuneral Tuesday, January 3. at 8:30
a. m.. from the residence of his son, E. O.
Corrigan, 1211 Chestnut street, thence to
the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a requiem high mass will be cele
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc
ing at 9a. m. Interment St. Mary's Ceme
tery, Oakland.
CULLIGAN—In Santa Clara, Cal., January 1,
1808, Louisa, beloved wife of Patrick Culll
gan," and beloved mother of Maud and Bert
Culligan, a native of San Francisco, aged
33 years 2 months and 29 days.
DAVIS—In this city. January 1. 1905 John
H. Davis, beloved husband of the late' Annie
Davis, and devoted father of William J
Davis, Mrs. L. E. Johnson, Mrs. Otto Wilson
and Mrs. Joe Cuneo. a native of North
Liabury. Mass.. aged 62 years.
CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). January 3, at 1:30 p. m., from his
late residence, 182 Guerrero street, near
Fourteenth. Interment Mount Olivet' Cem
etery.
ELLIS—In Cojma, Cal., January 1 1905,
Henry, husband of Agnes Ellis, a 'native
of England, aged 48 years.
E?" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chapel of Clark & Booth, 612 and 611
Van Ness avenue, near Turk street.
EBCALLE—An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated at St. Raphael's
Church, San Rafael, Tuesday, January 3
1905. at 10:30 o'clock, for the repose of the
soul of Ellen Escalle, beloved wife of Jean
Escalle of Larkspur. Friends and acquaint
ances are respectfully invited to atend
FURRER— In this city January 2 1906' a t
the residence of his parents, 2732 Mission
street, between Twenty-third and Twenty
fourth. Rudolph, dearly beloved son of Frank
and Emma Furrer, and beloved brother of
Josephine, Erna and Frank Furrer Jr a
native ot San Francisco, aged 3 years 5
months and 8 days.
HOWARD—In this city, January 2. 1905
Thomas, brother of Martin and Patrick How*
ard and Mrs. H. McCarron. and cousin of
Mrs. M. C. McGrath and Mrs. M Murohv
a native of County Clare, Ireland aged 36
years.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor &Co 767
Mission street. ■'
KEARNEY —In this city, January 2 1006
at his residence, 54 Fair Oaks street' P f'
Kearney, beloved husband of the late Mary
J. Kearney, and father of May Annie
Frances and Gertrude Kearney and Mrs
*red Dahnken Jr., and brother of Mrs j'
Bealdsley, Mrs. Joseph and Michael
F Kearney of Hallux. Nova Scotia aged
59 years and 11 months.
KELLY—Jn this city, January 1. 1905 Jamea.
dearly beloved husband of Margaret Kelly
and uncle of Thomas Kelly, Mrs. P Manlx
and the late John Kelly, a native of County
Roscommon, Ireland, aged 70 years.
BZTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi
dence. 3 Morrell place, between Pacific and
Broadway. Hyde and Larkin streets, thence
to St. Brlgld s Church, where a solemn re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 a. m. Please omit
flowers. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31
F. J. MONAHAN & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2339-2341 Mission st., near Nineteenth, '
San Francisco.
James McGinn. HenrylStnßsnT" , ""i
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros
Funeral Directors and Em balm era
ri*_gddy_st. Tel. East 86.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3. 1905.
LA BRIE —In thla city, January 2, 1808, Vlo
tcr, beloved son of Edmond and the late
Mrs. La Brie, and brother of Luolls La Brie,
a native of California, aged 17 years.
LONG—In Oakland, Cal. January 2, 1806, at
! 1780 Ninth street. Mary Ann Long, beloved
mother of H. E. Long, Mrs. E. A. Eastman,
Mrs. Addle Dennen, E. M. Long and Mrs.
I Alice E. Smith grandmother of Viola Farm-
I er, Clarence and Mary A. Dennen, Ruth.
Stanley and Eastman Long, and great
grandmother of Georgenla Dennen, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 91 yeara 10 months
and 9t> days.
MAHLER- In this city, January 2, 1905, Ther
esa, beloved daughter of William and Fau
line Mahler, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 3 months and 11 days.
MALLORY—In Oakland. December 30, 1904,
Thomas H. Mallory, a native of Ohio, aged
69 years 3 months and 8 days.
and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday afternoon. January 3, at 2 o'clock,
at the hall of Oakland Lodge No. 171. B.
P. O. Elks, 416 Fourteenth street. Oakland.
McFEELEY —In this city. January 1, 1906,
Bernard, beloved husband of Bridget Mc-
Feeley, and loving father of James, Daniel,
Ben, Edward and Mamie McFeeley and Mrs.
Joseph W. Cooney, and grandfather of Ber
nard J. McFeeley, a native of Donegal, Ire
land, aged 75 years. (Boston and Philadel
phia papers please copy.)
(DTKrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence. 872 Greenwich street, thence to
St. Francis Ohureh, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9:30 o'clock a m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MURRAY—In this city December 31. 1904,
Clara C, beloved daughter of the lste Wil
liam and Elizabeth Murray, a native of San
Francisco.
CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m., from her late resi
dence, 1232 Buah street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY—In this city. December 31. 1904,
Kate, dearly beloved mother of Michael and
Jerry Murray, Mrs. Janses Leahy, Mrs. Gus
Reinhsrt and Mrs. J. Posey, a native of
Ireland, aged 73 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tueeday). at 8:45 a. m., from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor ft Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
requiem high mass vWlll be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NEILAN—In this city, January 1, 1906, Nellie
C, dearly beloved wife of Michael T. Neilan,
beloved mother of Manuel W., Robert J..
Elena M. and James A. Neilan, and aunt of
Raymond Connor, a native of Honduras,
Central America, aged 41 years.
lE?"Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m., from her late resi
dence, 1803 Harrison street, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services, commencing at
10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage. •
NORRINGTON—At Belmont, December 31,
1904, William, beloved husband of Margaret
E. Norrington, and father of Mrs. W. H.
French of Denver, Colo, William E. and
Esther Norrington. a native of Ixmdon. Eng
land, aged 56 years 8 months and 25 days.
(South Dakota papers please copy.)
£7" Funeral services under the auspices of
Hayward Lodge No. 226, F. and A. M.. of
San Mateo. Funeral from Belmont Tuesday,
January 3 by 12:11 p. m, train, thence to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PARROTT—In this city, January 1. 1905,
Helene Eulalla, beloved daughter of John F.
and Margaret Parrott, and sister of Mac and
Irene Parrott. a native of San Francisco.
EJrFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late real,
dence. 1723 Hyde street, then c to St. Brlgid s
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
PYNE—In this city, January 1, 1905, George
Joseph, dearly beloved son of Daniel and
Millie Pyne, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 months and 21 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi
dence of his parents, 1577 A Treat avenue,
between Precita and Tremont avenues. In
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RIBBY—In this city, January 2, 1905, Mary,
beloved wife of the late James Ribby. and
beloved mother of Mrs. E. Smith, a native of
County Wexford, Ireland, aged 55 years 4
months and 20 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of McFadden, Mcßrearty A
Green, 1171 Mission etreet.
RICHARDSON—In this city, January 1. 1905,
John Richardson, beloved son of Emma and
the late John Richardson, and brother of
Mrs Mattle Schmidt and Mrs. Fred Staud
of Watsonvllle. a native of California aged
23 years 8 months and IS days.
giyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), from the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first, at 1 p. m.,
thence by electric funeral car from corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 1:30
p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ROOT—In this city, January 2, 1905, James
M., beloved husband of Emily M. Root, and
father of Mrs. John York of Steckton, Leilla
A., Alice M., Ellis J., Gilbert W. and Dr.
C." B. Root, a native of Vermont, aged 81
> ears 5 months and 28 days.
ROLLER—In this city, January 2. 1906, Wil
liam F., dearly beloved husband of Caro
line Roller, loving father of William F.
Roller Jr., Mrs. W. Hogan and John, Au
gust and Elka Roller, and brother of Carl
and August Roller, a native of Boltngen,
Wurttemberg, Germany, aged 57 years 7
months and 6 days. A member of Eureka
Lodge No. 6, O. D. H. 8. (St. Joe papers
please copy.)
K7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
SAWYER—In this city. December 28. 1904.
Bosworth Sawyer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years 6 months and 3 days.
SCHACHHUBER—In this city, January 1,
1905. Caroline, beloved wife of the late John
Schachhuber, and loving mother of Mrs.
Otto Schmidt. Mrs. Andrew E. Brown. Mrs
James P. Mallon and the late John Schach
huber Jr.. a native of Vienna, Austria aged j
68 years 1 month and 9 days. A member of
the Chrlstliche Mutter Vereln.
IL7Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Wednesday), at 8:45 a. m., from the reel- ;
dence of her aaughter, Mrs. James P. Mai- i
lon, 1122 Vermont street, corner Twenty- ;
third, thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army '
street, near Folsom, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of J
her soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Inter
meat Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHROEDER—In this city. January L 1905,
Freddie Schroeder, dearly beloved and
youngest eon of William G. and Annie 1
Schroeder, a native o£ San Francisco, aged
1 year and 3 months.
and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m., from the ,
residence of his parents, 370 Preclta avenue, i
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH—In this city, January 2, 1905, Butler, '
beloved husband of Emily May Smith (nee I
Bovyer), and father of Genevieve and Ran- 1
dolph Smith, a native of Ohio, aged 54 years
and 9 months.
(C 7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
STEJMKE —Entered into rest, in this city,
January 1, 1905 Dorathea, beloved wife of
Frederick Steimke, and devoted mother of
Mrs. Sydney Vernon and John H. and Sophie
Steimke, a native of Germany, aged 54 years.
A member of St. Markua Frauen Verein.
(CrFriends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ■
(Wednesday), at 11 a m., from her late resi
dence, 2765 Octavia street, corner Union. In
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SULLIVAN —In this city. January 2, 1905, at
his residence, 1112 Tennessee street, Mat
thew, beloved husband of Mary E. Sullivan, '
father of Frank, May and Clarence Sullivan,
and brother of Mrs. P. Banworth and Mrs.
M. McCoy, a native of Connecticut.
(E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
TALBOT—In this city, January 2, 1906, Mary
A., beloved wife of Joseph Talbot mother
of Frank F. and Joseph C. Talbot, daugh
ter of Catherine and the late Alexander
Sweeney, sister of Mrs. E. O'Connor and
Lizzie Murphy, and niece of John and Pat
rick Dempsey and Mrs. P. Lanan. a native
of San Francisco, aged 24 years 7 months and
7 days.
K7Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 a m., from her late
residence, 664 Howard street, thence to St
Patrick's Church for services at 10 a. m
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VORRATH—In this city, January 1, 1006 at I
his residence. 241 Twelfth street, after a iong
and painful Illness, Thomas H., dearly be
loved husband of Sophie L. Vorrath and be
loved father of Mrs. Annie White Mrs
Sophie Buttelmann. Mrs. Clara Juel Mrs.
Bertha Spotswood and Ernest, William
Albert. Walter and Henry Vorrath and
brother of Diederlch and the late a H
Vorrath, a native of Helde. Holsteln Ger
many, aged 66 years 7 months and 17" days
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O
O. F., and Verein Eintracht.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner Beventh and Market
streets, where services will be held under
the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. o.
O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WELLS —Entered into rest, in this city, Janu
ary 1, 1906. Catherine Wells, beloved mother
of Mrs. William Doyle. Mrs. L. W. Dies,
Mrs. Frank Farrell. Mrs. George Booker and
Frank Wells, a native of County Armagh,
Ireland, aged 67 years.
07Frtends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), January 8. at 8:30 a m. from
her late residence. 11 Bartlett street, be
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second Va
lencia and Mission, thence to St. James
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reposs of her soul, com
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Thir
tieth street and San Jose avenue. Kindly
omit flowers.
IN SPITE OF BIG STORMS THE LINER SIERRA
REACHES THIS PORT AHEAD OF SCHEDULE TIME.
Steamer Anchors in .Quarantine Before Sunrise Yesterday
French Cruiser Protet
Is on Her Way to
This City.
The Oceanic Steamship company's
j liner Sierra, Captain Houdlette, began
the New Year well by getting into port
yesterday from Australia in the dark
early morning and landing her pas
sengers at Pacific street wharf before
the city had fairly opened its eyes. The
Sierra arrived off the bar at 4:30 a. m.
and after taking the pilot on board
headed for quarantine, where she was
all ready for the doctor at sunrise.
The Sierra left Sydney December 12,
and between there and Auckland en
countered heavy southerly gales. There
was more heavy weather between New
Zealand and Pago Pago and after leav
ing Honolulu the Sierra first encoun
tered westerly gales and then a good
stiff blow from the south. In spite of
strong winds and high seas, however,
she held faithfully to her schedule and
reached this port several hours before
she was expected. She was five days
and ten hours coming up from Hono
lulu.
The Sierra's passengers included the
following:
From Sydney—Walter L. Bell. Mrs. W. L.
Bell, Master W. Bell Charles J. Carey,
Mrs. C. J. Carey James G. Real. Mrs.
J G. Real, Mrs . Jennie E. McDanleU,
Mrs. J. w. Fox, Poultney Btgelow, Sam
uel C. Simmonds Mrs. Simmonds, Mrs. Gri
sella Stein, Master William L. Stein. Lieuten
ant Colonel Everard Gastrin. Mrs. Gastrin,
Edward de Moleyns, Mrs. Frances Vickars.
Miss Dorothy Vickars, Miss Margaret Vickars,
Miss Matilde Masson, Mrs. E. M. Du
prez. Miss May Duprez, Robert B. Spar
row, William Gray. Miss E. Brookr,, Rev.
William Newman Hall, Mrs. W. N. Hall.
Master H. Hall, John R. Van Nagell, Dr. H.
Odell. John B. Wilkie, Mrs. E. Davis, Miss
Maria Abraham. Johann H. Asbeck. Mrs. D.
Abraham, Miss Rachel Abraham, Frank M.
Carpenter, Miss Bessie Abraham, Gustave
Slopoffski.
From Auckland—Miss Agnes Byrne, William
H. Carpenter.
From Pago Pago—John F. Cox, Charles E.
Browne, Henry Wolbert William H. Byrne,
Earl C. Jackson, Charles Pullack, Anthony
Bowen, Joseph Wightman Jr., H. J. Brown,
Mrs. Joseph Wightman Jr.
From Honolulu—Captain J. C. Nicholls G.
L. Rtddell and wife. W. M. Graham and wife,
Mrs. Patterson. W. w. Hoogs, Charles Hamil
ton. F. L. Waidron. H. H. Dempaey. J. R.
Myers and wife. J. F. Morgan. E. A. James,
Miss M. Rasmusseu Mrs. Thomas Dunn, G.
Berlulot.
c
Fishermen in Trouble.
If Uncle Sam will Inform the Greek flsher
men who ply their trade on the waters of this
harbor Just how much of the water surround
ing Angel Island Is sacred to the Government
the sons of Greece will arrange their cruising
accordingly. Loudly and with bitterness the
fishermen are complaining of the treatment ac
corded them of late by the military authorities
stationed on Angel Island, and they are un
able to get either explanation or redress. A
few days ago a fishing boat passing the island
was hailed by a military guard. The fisher
men ran their boat to the beach. Soldiers
seized them and. taking nets, oars and a jug
of wine from the boat, took prisoners and prop
erty inland. A sergeant compelled the sol
diers to give up the wine Jug, but the men of
Mars retained the nets. The fishermen were re
leased and now are unable to fish for lack of
nets, and so far have not been able either to
recover their property or to find out why it
was taken from them. Five fishermen were
seized a day or so later and are said to be
still detained on the island. At army head
quarters at the Phelan building the fishermen
were told they must tell their troubles to the
commanding officer on Angel Island. When 1
the* tried to visit that dignitary they were |
ordered away by a sentry, who threatened to
shoot if they stood on the order of their going.
The, fishermen have always respected the order
to give Alcatraz a wide berth but in the past,
they say, their right to fish tinder the shadow
of Angel Island, except at the quarantine sta
tlon, has never been questioned. They have
tried to adjust the new difficulty themselves
and have failed. They have decided to enlist
the services of a lawyer and hope with his
assistance to persuade the commander of the
Angel Island force to give their grievance a
hearing. Meanwhile they are giving Angel lsl.
and a wide berth.
♦
Lakme Starts South.
The steam achooner Lakme, which lost rud
! der and tall shaft when she bumped the Hum
j boldt Bar on Sunday, started south yesterday
lln tow of the steamer North Fork. About the
j time the North Fork and her tow left Eureka
the tug Sea Rover left this port to meet the
' vessels and relieve the North Fork of her bur
den. The Lakme will discharge her cargo of
I lumber at San Pedro before being repaired at
I this port.
•
French Cruiser Coming Here.
I The French cruiser Protet sailed yesterday
from Honolulu for this port. She has been at
Tahiti moat of the time since her last visit.
The Protet is well known here and some of
her officers are favorites In local society.
Rough Weather for Coasters.
The steamers Jeanie and Despatch, which
arrived yesterday from Seattle, report having
encountered strong southerly gales. The De
spatch was unable at times to steam against
the sea and wind, and big waves repeatediy
washed her decks.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted for
reinsurance as follows: Stork 60 per cent-
Edith Mary, 80 per cent; Brier Holme 90 per
cent.
Amasis in Quarantine.
The Kosmos liner Amasis. which arrived late
yesterday afternoon from Hamburg, proceeded
direct to in anchorage off the quarantine
ground. She will be released, probably this
morning. '
Movements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
January 3.'*
Samoa Loa Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Jeanie Seattle ft Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
S. Barbara. Loa Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Breakwater Coos Bay direct 3 pmlPler 8
January 4. I
F. Leggett. Los Angeles Ports.|12 miPier 2
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Areata Coos B. ft Pt. Orfd 12 m|Pier 13
January 0, j i
Norwood... Seattle direct | 6 pmlPler 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 11:30 p|Pier 9
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor ...)12 m Pier 2o
Anubis Hamburg ft Way. 110 am Pier 10
Iaqua Astoria A Portland. | Pier 2
Coronado... Gray a Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Porno Pt. Arena ft Albion fl pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego ft Way. 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Porta. 11 am Pier 9
Nebraskan.. Hono. ft Kahului. 3 pm|Pler23
January 6. | I
San Pedro.. Humboldt |10 am|Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 amiPier 11
Saxcnia Hamburg ft Way. 12 m Pier 19
N. Fork.... Humboldt 9 amJPier 20
January 7.
Redondo... • Astoria A Portland 6 pm'Pler 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmlPler 2
Aurelia Astoria ft Portland 4 pmlPler 27
O. W. Elder Astoria ft Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Para.. »T. T. via Ancon.. 12 m|Pier 40
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 10 am I'ler 11
January 9. j |
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPler 2
January 10. [ |
China China A Japan 1 1 pmlPler 40
City Puebia Puget Sound Ports.. Ill am|Pier 0
\ Leggett.
Otitic
ircata
lor wood...
'omona... •
equoia... •
.nubls
aqua
loronado.. •
•omo
tate of Cal
jueen
>ara.
I
1
0
3
San Pedro..
Coos Bay...
Saxcnia
N. Fork....
iao.. ■ •
Arena
la,.,..
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination.
Dolphin Skagway * Way Ports.
Portland Seldovla A Way Ports.
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports.
Jan. 7
Jan. 10
Jan. 18
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Dja
Empire Cooe Bay |Jan. 8
Coronado Grays Harbor ;Jan. 3
G. Dollar Grays Harbor iJan. 3
laqua San Pedro ijan 3
Areata <"oos Bay & Pt. Orfordj.Tan. 3
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor Jan. 8
North Fork . Humboldt IJan. 3
Saxonla Seattle Jan. 3
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor (Jan. 3
Edith Oyster Harbor (Jan. 3
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. \ Jan. 3
Chico Point Arena A Albion. Jan. 3
Pomona Humboldt IJan. 3
F. Leggett... Humboldt Jan. 4
Redondo Portland A Astoria iJan. 4
Aurella Portland & Astoria. ... Jan. 4
G. W. Elder..] Portland St Astoria |Jan. 4
Chehalls ! San Pedro IJan. 3
Norwood | San Pedro ]Jan. 3
Point Arena.. I Mendocino & Pt. Arena.; Jan. 8
Acapulco 1 New York via A neon. . Jan. S
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Porte, j Jan. 8
Corona ! Humboldt I Jan. 8
City Puebia.. I Puget Sound Ports [Jan. 6
8. Monica.... Grays Harbor 'Jan. 6
Breakwater.. Coos Bay |Jan. 7
Santa Cruz... Newport St Way Pts.lJan. 7
Nevadan Kahului I Jan. 7
Columbia Portland St Astoria.... IJan. 8
Newburg Grays Harbor IJan. 9
Homer Grays Harbor Jan. 9
Umatilla J Puget Sound Ports IJan. U
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Burrey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance W> San Francisco
Bsy. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE —The high and low waters occur a>
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 3.
Bun rises 7:25 a. m.
Sun sets 5:04 p. m.
Moon rises 6:06 a m.
S iTime! ITime! ITlmej jTimel
5 1 Ft. I ! Ft. [ 1 Ft. Ft.
? |L w| In w| 'l \v| in w|
8 I 2:51! 2.6' »*:10! 6.2 4:05 —0.5 11:161 4~4
4 | 3:40j 2.8*7:51 6.2; 4:50:—0.7
IH W 1. W! !H W L. W
5 10:03! 4.6! 4:2S| 2.9 10:35 6.1 8:31—0.8
6 | 0:48| 4.6| 5:14| 3.0.11:16! 6.9 6:10—0.6
7 I 1:301 4.71 6:00| 3.0,11:551 5.5| 6.60—0.4
NOTE —In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus <—)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, January 2.
Br stmr Wellington, Cutler, 96 hours from
Nanaimo.
Ger stmr Amasis, Jansen, 99 days from
Hamburg, via Ocos 10 days.
Stmr Jeanie, Bartlett. 8 days 8 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Centralia, Erickson, 41 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr State t>f California. Thomas, 41 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Pasadena, Hendrlckson, 34 hours from
Eureka.
SAILED.
Monday, January 2.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts, San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Helen P. Drew, Gunderson, Point
Arena.
Stmr Corona, Gielow. Eureka.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. Howerfs Landing.
Stmr Vanguard, Odland. Eureka.
Stmr Centralia, Erickson, Grave Harbor.
Br ship Strathgryfe, Mcintosh. Newcastle.
A us. '
Fr bark Marguerite Dollfus, Sautrel, Sydney.
Bktn Fullerton. McKechnle, Honolulu.
Tug Sea Rover. Thompson. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 2, 10 p. m.—Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity (i miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
REDONDO —Sailed Jan 2—Stmr Coos Bay
for San Francisco; schr Samar. for Everett '
GRAYS HARBOR—Sailed Jan I—Stmr Grace
Dollar for San Francisco
ASTORIA—SaiIed Jan 2—Stmr George W
Elder, for San Franclaco
Sailed Jan 2—Stmrs Northland and Redondo
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY—Arrived Jan I—Stmr Alliance
from Eureka. Jan 2—Stmr F. A. Kllburn'
from Eureka.
Sailed Jan I—Stmrs Areata and Empire,
for San Francisco; stmr Alliance, for Astoria*
Sailed Jan 2—Stmr Czarina, for San Fraa
ciaco.
SAN DIEGO —Arrived Jan 2—Nor stmr Ti
tanla. from Nanaimo, B. C.
TATOOSH—Passed out Jan 2-Stmr Mon
tara, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
Passed in Jan 2—Stmr Umatilla, hence Dec
31, for Victoria and way ports.
SEATTLE —Sailed Jan 2—Stmr C ottage City
for Skagway. Jan I—Stmr Santa Ana. for
Valdes.
PORT ANGELES—SaiIed Jan 2—Stmr Edith,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA—Arrived Jan 2—Stmr Acme,
hence Jan 1.
Sailed Jan 2—Stmrs Pomona and Fulton, for
San Francisco; schr George E. Billings for
Sydney; stmr North Fork, for San Francisco,
with stmr Lakme in tow for San Francisco iv
disabled condition.
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Jan 2—Stmr Alcasar,
from Greenwood; stmr James S. Hlgglns. hence
Dec 31.
PORT LOS ANGELES—Arrived Jan 2—
Stmr San Pedro, hence Dec 31, and sailed for
San Pedro.
BANDON—Arrived Jan 2—Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Dec 31.
PORT HADLOCK—Arrived Jan 2—Ship
James Drummond, from Port Townsend.
ISLAND PORTS.
MAKAWELI—SaiIed Dec 31—Ship Emily F.
Whitney, 'or San Francisco.
HONOLULU—SaiIed Jan 2—Fr war stmr
Protet, for San Franclaco.
Arrived Jan 2 —Schr Ariel, from Newcastle.
A us.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, Aua.—Sailed Nov 6—Schr
STEAM SCHOONER LAKME,
WHICH LOST HER PROPELLER
BY STRIKING HUMBOLDT BAR.
Ariel, for Honolulu. Nov 19 —Fr bark Bossuet,
for San Franclaco. Nov 22—Bktn Koko Head,
for Honolulu. Nov 20—Br bark Melanope, for
Kahulul; achr Rosamond, for Honolulu. Dec
2- Bktn Amazon, for Kahulul. Dec 3—Ship
Henry Fall In*, for San Franclaco. Dec 14—
Br bark Adderley, for San Franclaco.
In port Dec 13—Br bark Senator and achr
Watson A. Wwt, for Honolulu.
VICTORIA—Passed In Jan 2—Br atmr Wye
field, hence Dec 29, for Comox.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LlZAßD—Passed Jan I—Stmr Kroonland,
from New York, for Dover and Antwerp.
GLASGOW—SaiIed Dec 31 —Stmr Cartha
ginian, for St John, N. F., and Philadelphia.
INSTRAHULL—Passed Jan 2—Stmr Mongo
lian, from New York, for Glasgow.
CHRISTIANS AND—Arrived Jan 2—Stmr
Vnlted States, from New York, for Copen
hagen, and proceeded.
BREMEN—Arrived Jan I—Stmr Gera, from
New York.
Memoranda.
Per stmr Jeanie, at San Francisco, Jan 2,
from Seattle —Encountered very strong south
erly gales, followed by fine weather.
Per stmr Despatch, at San Francisco, Jan 1,
from Seattle—We had very stormy weather,
and were in gales from southeast to south for
four days, and at times It was impossible to
steam against the sea and wind. Seas would
occasionally sweep clean over the vessel.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2.—CATTLE—Receipts, 37,
--000; market 10020 c lower; good to prime steers,
$5 4O0f? 20; poor to medium, $3 7005 50; stock
ers and feeders, $2 3004 25; cowb. SI 50@4 20;
heifers, $2 2505; canners. $1 5002 40; bulls'
$2 1004 10; calves. $3 5007 25.
HOGS—Receipts, 47.000; to-morrow, 42,000;
market 5010 c lower; mixed and butchers
$4 4004 07 Vi: good to choice heavy, $4 60®
4 75; rough heavy, $4 4004 55; light, $4 30®
4 60; bulk of sales, $4 5004 60.
SHEEP—Receipts, 25,000; sheep weak, lambs
lower: good to choice heavy, $4 0005 65- fair
to choice mixed, $4 1004 S5; Western sheep
$4@5 40; native lambs, $5 2507 25- Western
lambs, $607 25.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 2. —CATTLE—Receipts,
5000; steady to 10c lower; native steers. $3 75
©0; native cows and heifers, $1 7504 75;
stockers and feeders. $2 7504; bulls, $2 2504;
calves. $306 50; Western steers, $3 5005 26-
Western cows, $1 750.'! s*l.
HOGS —Receipts, 5000; market s@loc lower
bulk of sales. $4 3004 55; heavy, $4 5004 60;
packers, $4 400 4 52</i,; pigs and light, $3 750
4 45.
SHEEP—Receipts, 2000; strong: muttons,
$4@5 25; lambs. $5 5007; range wethers'
$4 7506; ewes. $405.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Jan. 2.—CATTLE—Receipts, 1800;
market 5c lower; native steers. $3 4006 10;
cows and heifers. $2 5004; canners, $1 75®
2 40; stockers and feeders, $2 5003 85; calves
$2 5006 50; bulls and stags, $1 7503 50.
HOGS —Receipts. 6600; market 5010 c lower
heavy. $4 330 4 40; mixed, $4 37V404 40: light'
$4 400 4 45; pigs. $404 40; bulk of sales'
$4 37H04 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1250; market 10020 c
lower: Western yearlings, $505 60; wethers
$1 8006 40; ewes. $40 4 75; common and stock
ers. $2 5004 50; lambs. $506 60.
Silver In London.
LONDON, Jan. 2.—Bar silver steady, 28% d
per ounce.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BONDS TO YIELD; 5 1 A%.
$250,000
UTAH LIGHT & POWER COMPANY
First Cons. 4% Gold Bonds.
Denomination $500. Bat 1930. Interest payable Jan. Ist and July Ist at Colonial
Trust Company. New Tork, Trustee.
This Conipsny controls all the gas and elec trie lighting;, and also the great water power
business in Salt Lake City and Ogden, Utah, serving an aggregate population of over 100.000.
Net earnings are over 2% times Interest on the entire bonds issued, as officially reported by
President Joseph F. Smith. Dividends on the preferred 3tock have been regularly paid since
the organization of the Company. We recommend these bonds as a conservative investment
yielding an exceptionally high rate of interest.
Price 82& & Int., Yielding 514%.
SPECIAL CIRCULAR ON APPLICATION.
Lawrence Barnum & Co.,
37 * 29 FINE ST.. NEW YORK.
PHILADELPHIA, BOSTON
Weather Report-
G2oth Moridian— Pacific Tlma)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
I season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last Thla Last
Stations— 24 hours, eeason. season.
| Eureka 00 17.21 18.12
I Red Bluff 00 14.78 12.18
' Sacramento 00 8.78 4.68
, San Francisco 00 11.18 8.08
; Fresno 00 6.18 0.82
; Independence 00 0.45 0.42
San Luis Obispo 00 6.47 0.82
j Los Angeles 00 3.66 0.43
I San Diego 00 2.59 0.42
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
|
a
■
I
3
c
t
s
Baker 30.62 32 28 SW Clear .00
Carson 30.52 42 18 E Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.28 fi2 40 S Cloudy .00
Fresno 30.24 5« 32 NW Pt.Cldy .00
8.E. Farallon.30.36 55 48 E Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 30.42 42 28 E Clear .00
Pocatello 30.74 30 12 SE Cloudy .00
Independence .30.48 54 24 W Clear .00
Loa Angeles. .30.24 78 82 W Clear .00
Mt TamalpalB.30.40 57 48 S Pt.Cldy .00
North Head.. .30.40 62 48 RE Rain .18
Phoenix 30.28 68 44 NE Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt.,30.33 56 48 SE Cloudy .00
Portland 30.16 60 42 W Rain .04
Red Bluff 30.42 52 30 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.20 62 36 S Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.42 50 36 N Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 30.70 32 .. S Clear .00
San Francisco.30.40 56 44 N Pt.Cldy .00
San L. Obispo.30.30 72 36 N Clear .00
San Diego 30.20 72 46 NW near .00
Seattle 30.14 50 34 SW Rain .32
Spok- ne 30.33 38 26 SE Cloudy .64
Tatoush 62
Walla Walla..30.24 32 86 NW Pt.Cldy .02
Wlnnemucca .30.64 38 20 NE Cloudy .00
Yuma 30.30 68 46 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm off the Washington coast last
evening has remained nearly stationary. Gen
erally cloudy weather prevails over the north
ern portion of the Pacific slope and fair over
the southern. Light rain has fallen over West
ern Washington and Northwestern Oregon-
High southeast wind is reported off tha
mouth of the Columbia River.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Wash
ington and Oregon and risen over Utah and
Arizona.
The temperature has risen over Western
Oregon and extreme Northwestern California
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hcurx ending midnight. January 3:
California north of Tehachapl—Cloudy Tues
day; probably showers In north portion; light
southerly wind.
California south of Tehachapl—Fair Tues
day; light east wind.
Nevada —Cloudy; warmer Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy Tries
day; light southerly wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity—Fair Tuesday I
light east wind.
Sacramento and vicinity—Cloudy Tuesday.
Fresno and vicinity—Cloudy Tuesday.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
STOLEN PIG PAWNED
BY LOUISVILLE THIEF
Gets Seventy-Five Cents for Animal
He Purloined From Captain
of Fire Company.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 2.—Shortly
after Captain John Smith of Engine
Company No. 12 had made the an
nouncement that he would provide a
fine fat pig for the supper which was
given to-night at company headquar
ters he was chagrined to find that the
pig had been stolen from his buggy.
He was greatly relieved when the ani
mal was found and recovered from a
second-hand store, where it had been
pawned for 75 cents. The purlolner
of the pig has made good his escape
and there is no clew to his identity.
The shoat was taken from his buggy
while Captain Smith was attending a
New Year's recption.JAPAN WILL NOW OFFER LIBERAL PEACE TERMS TO RUSSIA
CHRONOLOGY
OF SIEGE OF
PORT ARTHUR
Fierce Fighting Dur
ing Past Eleven
Months
WAR'S SAD COST
The following are in brief the prin
cipal mc idents of the siege of Port Ar
thur:
February S —Admiral Togo's torpedo flotilla
attacked the Russian ships off Port Arthur and
damafied the Cesarevitch, Retvltan and Pal
lada
February o—Bombardment by the Japanese,
during Which the Poltava, Askold, Diana and
Novfk were hit.
February 12—Russian mining ship Yenisei
sunk by accident; ninety-six officers and men
February 14—Torpedo-boats attacked Port
Arthur at 3 a m. in a snowstorm and suc
ceeded in sinking the Boyarin.
February 24—Attempt to block harbor en
t inca by sinking steamships only partially
succeaafen.
March I—Fourth bombardment. Russian de
stroyeT sunk.
March 22—Fifth bombardment. Destroyer
Rilr.i mpaged six Japanese boats.
March 20—Another attempt to block harbor
. failed, the loaded merchantmen sinking, but
• not In the desired positions.
April 13—Battle off Port Arthur. Hattleship
. P-tropnvlovsk sank with Admiral Makaroff.
the artist Verestchagin, the chief of staff and
780 officers and men. The Pobleda was dis
abled and one Russian destroyer sunk.
May s—Japanese transport, convoyed by tor
pedO-boat. disembarked troops at Pltzwo for
the siege cf Port Arthur
• May 7—Another attempt to block the harbor
•entrance, which it was reported, wa»s success
ful.
May 15 —Japanese battleship Hatsuse and
cmlser Yoshlno of Admiral Togo's fleet punk;
the Toshino owing to a collision with the Ka
• suga. and the Hatsuse through accidentally
.striking a mine.
May 26-27—Battle of Kinehau and Nan
ebpn." General Stoessel returned to the fort
ress being forced back from the neck .of the
Kwangtung peninsula.
May ;iu— Japanese raptured Port Dalny.
June 14-16—Genera] Stackelberg, advancing
. to the relief of Port Arthur, driven back by
•. General Oku at the battles of Wafangkau and
TvliKni.
June 23-24 - Sortie of Russian squadron
failed.
July Tapanese torpedo attack repulsed.
Japanese occupied Kinsan Height*
' July Fourth Japanese army landed at
Port Dalny.
July 26-29 —General Stoessel reported repulse
Of all' Japanese attacks.
July 30- -Japanese captured Wolfs Hill, six
Mies from Port Arthur.
August 2—Sortie by Russian torpedo-boats.
Auirust s—Japanese captured defenses of
Wolf's, Qreen and Christ hills, north and east
Of the' cltV.
August 7—Japanese landed troopa in Louisa
Bay. vest of Port Arthur.
August 10 —Sortie and dispersal of Russian
Squadron by Japanese fleet under Admiral
Togo. •
August 14 —Defeat of Vladivostok squadron,
ptternptins to form a junction with vessels of
Port Arthur squadron.
August 14-10—Terrific bombardment by the
Japanese. Capture of Pigeon Bay positions.
August 16—The Japanese Emperor's offer for
"the removal of non-combatants, with demand
for surrender, delivered to General Stoessel.
August 17—Refusal of General Stoessel of
the fillcado'fl offer. Terrific fighting resumed.
August 18—The Japanese captured several
Pigeon Bay positions.
August. 19—Russian gunboat sunk off Port
Arthur.
August 26—The Japanese In full control of
/Pigeon Bay positions. Capture of one of the
Inner defenses.
. August 2H—Japanese captured parade grounds
ar.d Etzshan, one of the Important heights of
Port Arthur.
August* 30— Russian Emperor Issued a ukase
about reducing- the terms of service of the
brnve defenders of Port Arthur.
September 1 to 19. 21 and 22—Continuous
bombardment by the Japanese. During the
last three days the Japanese captured Fort
Kuropatkin.
September 27 —Russian water supply cut off
by the Japanese. Russians made a sortie,
but were driven back with loss.
September 29— Russians partly assumed the
* offensive and triei to recapture lost positions
and the water supply, unsuccessful.
October -i— General Stoessel Issued a procla
mation.
October 9—A steamship with ammunition
reached Port Arthur.
October IS —Japanese bombarding unceasing-
Iv. Shellinz became more violent.
' " October 20—Fighting on Rihlung Mountain.
Severe cold weather caused Buffering among
tho Japanese.
October 2.i—Water supply cut off. The new
town practically destroyed.
rvtober 2f—A general assault and bombard
rmnt by the Japanese. Slow advancement by
N vember 2 —Japanese increased blockading
fleet.
' November 8-6—Japanese capture minor po
■Ul'-ns.
November B—Japanese offered terms of sur
render to Russian soldiers.
November 10—Report current that Stoessel
asked for an armistice. General Nogi em
powered to negotiate for surrender.
November 12—The Japanese began some Im
p< rtant tunnel ing operations.
November 1.1--Japanese captured trenches
In front of Rihlung and Sangshu forts and
moats of prin' ipal forts of eastern fortified
ridse.
November lf> General Stoessel ordered his
troops to die at their posts.
November 16—Russian torpedo-bat destroyer
Raptoropny arrived at Chefu and subsequently
was blown up.
November 19- General Stoessel said to have
requested the Emperor to furnish supplies and
to'have added that he could hold out for sev
eral months.
November 18—British steamship Victoria ran
the blockade at Port Arthur.
'November 19—United States Government
heard that Port Arthur would fall In about
twenty days. Dysentery and typhoid fever ap
peared In fortress.
November 21—German steamship Betalau
captured by Japanese while attempting to run
•blockade.
November 22—Russians abandoned north fort
©n Keekwan Mountain.
November 26 —Wireless communication be
tween Port Arthur and Chefu ceased. Japa
nese made a general attack, but were repulsed
with enormous losses.
November 30 —Japanese began attack on 208-
Meter Hill: lost 4000 men in an hour, but
eventually captured the hill. Bombardment of
Russian ships in the harbor by the Japanese
guns on the hill became effective and event
ually all but the Sevastopol were sunk.
December 7 —Russians said to hays lost B*oo
men in trying to recapture 203-Meter Hill.
December TO —Announcement mada that Gen
eral Nogl's son was killed before Port Arthur
on November 30.
December 11—It became known that the
Japanese cruiser Saiyen struck a Russian mine
on November 30 and sank.
December 13—Details of several, torpedo-boat
attacks on the Russian battleship Sevastopol,
which had succeeded In getting out of PorSJ
Arthur during a dark night. She was perma
fnenily disabled by the torpedoes.
.December 17—General Stoessel sent a leter
to General Nogi. asking him to refrain from
Bombarding the hospitals.
December 19 —Some Russian officers rea-cVjed
Chefu with dispatches giving details of \he
capture of 203-Meter Hill by the Japanese.
' ruber 19—Japanese guardship Asagirt
captured the British steamship King Arthur
while she was attempting to leave Port Arthur
after running the blockade. '
December 11—Confirmation of the reported
capture of Keekwun Mountain fort by the aged
Japanese General Samajima on December 18.
•December 27—Japanese steamship Nanshu j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
No soap in all the
world is so cheap.
No soap in all the
world is so good—none
so lasting.
Sold all over the worW
FAMOUS SIEGES IN THE WORLD'S GREAT WARS.
Here Is the record of some of the famous sieges in the world's greatest wars:
Aiitinople
ltnr
ossa
wp
topol
1458
1779-83 . .
1808-09 . .
1832
1854-55 . .
1857
1862-03 . .
1870
1870
1870-71..
1884
ivrn
French-Spanish J
French
French
English-French
English
Union army
Germans
Germans
lllft-KS
English
Spanish
Dutch
Russians
Sepoys
53 days
Greater part 3% years.
4 months
19 days
11 months
4 months 9 days
13 months 16 days. . .
2 months 3 days
1 month 17 days
4 months 9 days
Almost a year
Fell
Held out
Fell
Fell
Fell
Fell
Fell
Fell
Fell
Fell
Fell
burg
>«rg
Confederates
French
French
French
English-Egyptian. • • •
Germans
M;ilull'> forces
loiun <
In wars before 1741 there were more sieges than battles. From 1741 to 1783 theTe were 67 sieges
to 100 battles, iiio proportion steadily decreased until during the French revolution the proportion was
25 to 100. wliile during the First Empir e only 16 sieges occurred to 100 battles.
Tokio Government Will Endeavor to Induce President
Roosevelt to Act as Intermediary.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 3, 2 a. m.—
While there is no longer any doubt in
official circles in St. Petersburg that
the fate of Port Arthur has been de
cided and General Stoessel's long and
Kaliaut defense ended, news of the sur
render has not yet been allowed to
reach the public. Foreign telegrams
have been withheld from the news
papers, pending the issue of the offi
cial announcement here. The Govern
ment is fol'owing the dictates of its
own Judgment in this course, but the
public so far is entirely unprepared for
news which must prove a serious blow
w hen it comes. The newspapers merely
intimate that the defense of the garri
son is proceeding as usual, but every
one has realized for some time that the
end was approaching and there is no
question that the majority, if they were
prepared by a preliminary announce
ment by the Government, could forgive
the loss of the fortress in admiration
of the garrison's heroic defense.
Possibly some of the hesitation of
the authorities here to make the an
nouncement of the fall of Port Arthur
is due to threats and rumors of radical
demonstrations, coupled with the ab
sence of the Emperor, but it is certain
that no demonstration is likely which
could assume serious proportions and
the radical leaders would be sure to
alienate the sympathy of many, even
of the more liberal Russians, if they
chose such a moment for a revolution
ary demonstration.
GEAR ADVISED CAPITULATION.
It has been learned that the last mes
sage sent by Emperor Nicholas to Gen
eral Stoessel vested the commander of
Port Arthur with jdiscretionary powers
and urged him to exercise them rather
than allow the defense to go to the last
ditch. This may account for the ap
parently brief time required to con
clude the negotiations between the
Russian and Japanese commanders, no
time having been occupied in communi
cating with Emperor Nicholas. It is
equally certain that General Stoessel
did not surrender without previous
authorization.
In diplomatic circles to-night, where
there Is every reason to believe there
is the best information regarding the
plans of the Japanese, }t is said that
the fall of Port Arthur will be prompt
ly followed by an offer of peace from
Japan. It is understood that a strong
effort will be made to have the of
fer come through President Roosevelt.
It Is even suggested that the terms
might Include an arrangement which
would give Russia an outlet through
the Persian Gulf.
There is, however, no indication as
to whether an effort to induce Presi
dent Roosevelt to move in the matter
would be likely to succeed. It certain
ly is regarded as unlikely that such
a suggestion should come through the
United States, unless the President has
the strongest previous intimation that
It would be favorably considered by
the Russian Government. It may be
added that, while it is known that Em
peror Nicholas from the beginning re
garded the war with great abhorrence,
there is nothing yet to indicate that
his Government intends to recede from
the programme of fighting to a finish
which is repeatedly announced.
BALTIC FLEET MAY RETURN.
There is much discussion relative to
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's voyage to
the Far East. It is rumored that his
squadron will be recalled to the Baltic
to await reinforcements and proceed
eastward next summer, when it will be
decidedly superior in strength to Ad
miral Togo's fleet; but there is nothing
authoritative to support such a report.
The situation, so far as Vice Admiral
Rojestvensky is concerned, is not ma
terially different from that when the
Port Arthur squadron was first de
feated. It is known that Admiral Ro-
Jestvensky had alternative instructions
when he sailed, covering such a con
tingency as has now arisen. So far as
known he has no intention of altering
his plans owing to General Stoessel's
surrender.
ALL PRAISE STOESSEL.
British Fighting Men I.a ml the Grim
Old Warrior.
LONDON, Jan. 3.—General Stoessel's
defense of Port Arthur has excited the
admiration of Earl Roberts, comman
der In chief of the British forces.
"It has been a magnificent defense,"
said the veteran fighter, enthusiastical
ly. "What a splendid fellow he is, to
be sure! How all the world must ad
mire him."
Field Marshal Viscount Wolseley and
Major General Baden-Powell also pay
enthusiastic tributes to General Stoes
sel, General Baden-Powell saying:
j "It is an honorable surrender after a
' splendid defense."
j Major General Sir Alfred Turner be-
I lieves that, in the face of such a great
I blow to her prestige, Russia, to rein
! state herself, will turn her attention to
: the northwestern frontier of India.
The London papers this morning dls
j < uss the fall of Port Arthur in all its
| bearings on future events, besides pub-
I lishing every available item of news
j and make quite an exceptional display
; of portraits of the heroes of the siege,
i together with maps and pictures of the
I scenes enacted. The sympathies of the
i British press naturally flow in the di
rection of Great Britain's ally, but
nothing could exceed the generosity of
the tributes paid to General Stoessel's
magnificent defense.
There is much difference of opinion
as to the lessons to be learned from
the siege, but the majority of the edi
torial writers take the view that the
defense of Port Arthur was a tactical
: error; that the fortress exercised a
fatal fascination for the Russian army
left Yokohama with naval attaches and other*
to sec the fall of Port Arthur.
December 29—Reports that General Kondra
tenko had been killed and General Btoessel
again wounded were confirmed.
December 29—Rihlung fort captured with
1000 Japanese casualties. Japanese also cap
tured Yanghphuban Hill.
December .il—Japanese mounted eight big
guns In commanding positions north of the
Etze forts nnd later captured Sunshu Moun
tain, west of Rihlung; "H" fort, a fort on
Panlurg Mountain, the heights south of Hou
sanyantao and Yanajtai Hill
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
and the Russian fleet and that, had
Russia abandoned Port Arthur at the
outset, she would probably have been
enabled to crush the Japanese advance
in Manchuria,
On the other hand, it is agreed that
its enormous strength compelled the
Japanese to waste their energies for
many months and prevented them em
ploying their full forces against Gen
eral Kuropatkin.
The fall of Port Arthur caused great
rejoicing among the alien Jews in the
east end of London.
OPINION IN FRANCE.
Stoessel's Capitulation Imperils the
Army of Kuropatkin.
PARIS, Jan. 2.—The news of the
surrender of Port Arthur created a
profound impression here and was the
one theme of conversation in official
and diplomatic quarters and with the
public generally. The newspapers dis
cuss it at much length and in a tone of
sadness. The Russian officials here
learned the situation from the press
dispatches from Tokio and the Jap
anese legation received a brief official
summary of the progress of negotia
tions.
The prevailing French view Is
summed up by the Temps which says
the historic defense of Sevastopol has
now been surpassed. Port Arthur add
ing a glorious page to military annals
which will long remain unequaled.
Continuing, the Temps points out that
the surrender will exert a tremendous
moral effect favorable to Japan. The
Japanese, the paper says, are now re
venged for the loss of Port Arthur
after the Chino-Japanese war.
French military critics regard the
surrender of Port Arthur as rendering
General Kuropatkin's position increas
ingly dangerous, as the besieging army
of 80,000 men is now released and will
reinforce the Japanese army in the
north. It is expected that Admiral
Rojestvensky's squadron will proceed
no farther in the direction of the seat
of war.
The hope is expressed in some of
ficial quarters that the surrender of
the fortress will hasten peace, but the
prevailing view is that the fall will
accentuate Russia's resistance. # Some
Paris journals assert that Japanese oc
cupation of Port Arthur will consti
tute a menace to all Europe, which the
chancellories should prepare to meet.
BRITAIN'S ATTITUDE UNCHANGED
No Thought of Intervening in the In
terest of Peace.
LONDON, Jan. 2.—The capitulation
of Port Arthur was the sensation of
London to-day. It was the one topic
of discussion from the street corners,
where groups were sheltered from the
driving snow, to the comfortable ser
vice clubs, the legations and the resi
dences and offices of Cabinet Ministers.
Everywhere the utmost admiration
was expressed for the defenders and
th»i attacking army and the proba
bility that General Nogi has made con
cessions to the gallant General Stoes
sel is received with much satisfaction.
The announcement of the fall of the
Russian stronghold created little sur
prise in official and diplomatic circles,
where it has been discounted by recent
events. It was known as early as Oc
tober* that, notwithstanding the brave
showing in the official dispatches,
Stoessel's resources were nearly at an
end.
Nowhere, not even at the Russian
embassy, was there a doubt concern
ing the generosity of the Japanese in
the arrangement of the final terms. In
diplomatic circles the main question
was that of the effect of the surrender.
The consensus of opinion was that it
might tend in the direction of peace,
but none dared venture to say that
peace was in sight. It is believed it
will do no more than to bring out sug
gestions from foreign Governments.
At the Foreign Office it was said that
the British Government's attitude was
unchanged; that while peace was most
desirable affairs had not reached a
stage where any foreign power could
hope to offer its good offices with the
assurance that it would be considered
a friendly act by either of the belliger
ents.
At the Russian embassy the same
spirit of determination to prosecute
the war to the bitter end was ex
pressed. In fact it was confidently
stated that Russia would regard the
surrender of Port Arthur only in the
light of fresh Incentive and would
spare on efforts for its recapture.
The general tone at the Russian em
bassy formed a striking contrast to the
cheerfulness and activity prevailing at
the Japanese legation. Minister Hay
ashi was the recipient during the day
of hundreds of telegrams of congratu
lation from all parts of Great Britain
and other countries. Minister Hayashi
declined to discuss the probability of
peace negotiations. He said, however:
The fall of Port Arthur will at any rate end
the horrible slaughter in one part of the the
ater of the war, and I sincerely hope that in
some way it will facilitate final peace. This
depends upon Russia and not upon us. It may
strengthen the determination of Russia to con
tinue the war at all costs. Its effect on Japan,
however, can not be doubted. Our fleet is free
and the release of the besieging army gives us
increased forces available for service else
where. Our bass becomes more secure than
ever.
Speaking of General Stoessel, Mm- I
ister Hayashi said:
The surrender will in no way affect the
glory belonging to him and his men, nor oar
admiration for their splendid defense.
a
RUSSIAN SECURITIES FIRM.
Values on the Berlin Boerse Are but
Slightly Affected.
BERLIN, Jan. 2.—Russian securi
ties, which are largely' dealt In on the
Berlin Boerse, stood the shock of the
Port Arthur surrender with scarcely
a quiver, Government securities losing
one-tenth of one per cent and private
companies' shares losing from one
quarter to one-half point. As soon
as the report reached the Boerse pow
erful financial influences immediately
met it with statements that the Rus
sian Government would not deviate in
the slightest from its determination to
tight out the war and by repeating the
figures recently put forward that Rus
sian finances, as shown by the expen
diture of less than $400,000,000 over
the usual budget since the war began,
would permit Russia continuing the
war more than ten years without
reaching a breaking point. It might
be supposed that the news from Port
Arthur would ruin the chances of the
new Russian loan, but the bankers
consider the loan is likely to be taken
without difficulty.
The military critics treat the sur
render of Port Arthur as the begin
ning of a new phase of the war, liber
ating General Nogi's army for co-op
eration with the armies before Muk
den and removing causes for anxiety
for the Japanese, who are now able
to risk more in attacking General Ku
ropatkin. Captain yon Pustan be
lieves the Japanese will now proceed
against Vladivostok and destroy the
last Russian naval base in the Far
East. Colonel Gaedke, who has now
returned from Mukden, says Port
Arthur's defense practically- saved
General Kuropatkin's army and that
the Japanese have lost in the attack
more men than the whole Russian
garrison numbered.
All the newspapers here eulogize
the courage and persistence displayed
on both sides and some of them re
gard the recall of the Russian second
Pacific squadron as being a possibility.
STOESSEL'S LAST COUNCIL.
Officers Weep While Discussing Pro
posal to Capitulate.
CHEFU, Jan. 2.—General Stoessel
hoisted the white flag yesterday and
proposed to General Nogi that negotia
tions should be entered into for the
surrender of Port Arthur.
With the ammunition exhausted in
the northern and eastern forts, with
only 500 convalescents and able-bodied
men available for resistance and with
15,000 wounded men overflowing into
the streets from the shattered hos
pitals, General Stoessel decided to call
a council of war, at which Admiral
Wiren was present.
Amidst the shells that shrieked cease
lessly, leaving no part of the town safe,
the solemn and wornout officers looked
their fate in the eyes. According to
one who saw the historic meeting, its
pathos was profound. More than one
voice was choked with sobs.
An agreement was soon reached. The
terms which the council of war decided
to accept were to be honorable: other
wise the garrison, would die fighting.
This was the sentiment generally ex
pressed by those present at the coun
cil.
Then orders flew quickly. Soon two
great explosions occurred in two forts
near the railway, which, having no am
munition, had. been destroyed by the
Russians.
The remnant of the garrison, which
had retreated, was now prepared to
fight to the last in the harbor forts,
where all available stores had been col
lected, unless the terms offered by Gen
eral Nogi should prove to be generous.
Although General Nogi had not occu
pied all the northern forts last night,
the general opinion among the Rus
sians was that their possession by the
Japanese would be merely a matter of
assaulting them.
Rihlung Mountain fort when
the ammunition there had been ex
hausted and the garrison almost to a
man had died fighting with bayonets
and with their rifles used as clubs.
PRESS BREAKS THE NEWS.
Russian Populace Informed of the
Citadel's Surrender.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 3, 7 a. m.—
The Novoe Vremya and the Rubs
briefly and sorrowfully announce the
fall of Port Arthur. Those journals
say that it will be sad news to Rus
sians, though jt has been expected and
regarded as inevitable for weeks past.
Both papers passionately call upon the
country not to let the bloodshed dur
ing the last seven and a half months
in defense of the fortress go for
naught, but to continue the war with
♦he same steadfastness of purpose as
before.
The Novoe Vremya editorially de
clares that it has authoritative news
that British warships are following
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's squadron
and reporting Its disposition and move
ments to Tokio from each cable port
reached. The paper adds that the
North Sea incident has shown that Ro-
Jestvensky is a man whom it is danger
ous to tamper with and advises the
British Government to call off its "of
ficial spies," and thereby prevent the
possibility of the occurrence "in the
Indian Ocean of an Incident which
would be regrettable alike to Great
Britain, Russia and the whole of Eu
rope."
WAR VESSELS DISARM.
Escaped Russian Craft Put Out of
Commission at Chefu.
CHEFU, Jan. 3, 10:30 a, m.—A third
Russian launch has just arrived from
Port Arthur. Four of the Japanese
torpedo boat destroyers have departed.
Chinese report having heard heavy
firing at sea last night.
CHEFU, Jan. 2.—The Russian tor
pedo boat destroyers Skory, Stratni.
Vlastni and Serdity, which escaped
from Port Arthur and reached this
harbor, have been disarmed. The
Japanese warships which followed
them in have left the harbor and are
on guard outside. It is now believed
that there will be no trouble, as the
Russians are seemingly sincere in the
disarmament of their destroyers.
Two other destroyers, the Smoly and
the Boiki, accompanied by a transport
carrying 800 wounded Russian soldiers,
have reached the German port of
Tsingtau.
Cars Collide, Several Hurt.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2. —A street
car collision occurred in front of the
Raymond Hotel at Pasadena this aft
ernoon, in which a Japanese had his
leg broken, an unknown woman was
severely Injured and several other
passengers received minor hurts.
OYAMA'S ARMY
AGAIN MOVES
TO THE ATTACK
Renewal of Battle
on the Banks of
the Shakhe.
MPPON REPULSED
MUKDEN. Jan. 2.—A heavy cannon
ade and rifle fire commenced on the
Russian center early this morning and
continued during the day. It is re
ported that the Japanese attacked in
an effort to break the center, but were
driven back with great loss.
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS, Saturday, Dec. 31.—
The positions of the Japanese and
Russian armies south of Mukden have
not been materially changed during
the past two months. In few place;*
are the lines more than a mile apart,
and they are so close before the Japs
anese left that loud 'talking in the
Russian trenches can be plainly
heard.
, Though the Russians became very
quiet during the first half of Decem
ber, they have renewed the bombard
ment of the Japanese center and left
in the past fortnight, and they have
selected several points to which they
devote the most attention. The Japs
anese usually lie low in their trenches
and remain silent. Often several hun
dred sheils will be fired in a day withs
out doing any damage, though
sionally a shell strikes an exposed
group or kills some careless soldier.
Almost every hour of the day or
night artillery is booming or rifles are j
popping somewhere along the lines, j
The Russian bombardment usually be- |
gins before noon and continues until I
sunset, but it is often resumed from j
midnight to the breaking of day. Fre- j
quent sorties are made by companies i
or by a detachment, when the fighting
becomes severe. Both armies are
using the hand grenade as one of their
regular weapons for close fighting.
Reconnoitering forces constantly
patrol the country on both flanks to
guard against offensive movements
and to protect the auxiliary lines of
The Japanese soldiers are all
clothed in furs and heavy overcoats,
and the equipment and supplying of
the army continues, as it has been
since the Japanese landed In Korea
nearly a year ago, to be almost above
criticism.
Russian Cruisers Need Repairs.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 2.—The
delay in the Russian cruisers Izumrud
and Oleg leaving Suda Bay, Island of
Crete, is explained by the Admiralty
as being due to the necessity for ef
fecting repairs of their boilers. The
ships are new and started on then
voyage to the Mediterranean practi
cally in the nature of a trial trip, but
it Is said that the defects developed
are not of a serious nature.
Pope Hopes War's End Is Near.
ROME, Jan. 2.—The news of the
fall of Port Arthur was received here
to-day at first with incredulity. Pope
Pius, on hearing the news, exclaimed:
"Let us hope that it is an augury that
the end of the war is near, now that
both nations have proved their
mettle."
Mayfield Saloonmen Arrested.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 2.—Five
keepers in Mayfleld. who kept open in
defiance of the prohibitory town ordi
nance which went into effect to-day.
were arrested this afternoon. They
gave bail in the sum of $1000 each.
They will test the ordinance in the
higher courts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heat your
office at
once
This weather causes pneu
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your stenographer, book
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value?
We can warm any office,
store or house quickly
and economically with
GAS
Phone Exchange 8 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
THE QHS COMPANY
415 Post. St.
if H. S. BRIDGE & CO.,
8 MERCHANT TAILORS. ]»
BE MOVED TO «
| 112 Sutter Street. jf
li SAW FRANCISCO. «
j I Novelties in Imported Wear. X
carters] cure sick BEADACtIE>
BRittie Genuine Must Bear
lIVER Fac-Simile Signature
Mil /^u^^^tf
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
One of the Best-Known Sea Captains
Making the Part of San Francisco
Tells of His Quick Cure by
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC
_ TREATMENT
CAPTAIN SAMUEL ESTVOLD. 332 V» Ritch st.
San Francisco, Cal.
"Some time ago. on my vessel. I injured my
! right knee. A lump began to form about the
i knee joint and the Joint became stiffened.
I A 'ter that had gone on for a while I began to
I be affected In different parts of my limbs with
rheumatic pains. These were quite aevere In
I both my hips and across the small of my back.
!M y blood was In a very bad condition and the j
general circulation wa s evidently bad, because !
at times some of my fingers would become stiff |
and have a kind of a dead feeling, which was 1
very unpleasant. These symptoms I am sure
was the results Of bad blood and poor circula
tion. In this condition I took up the Electro
; Chemlc treatment and In about one month's
time I have been perfectly cured. My rheu- ',
matlsm is all gone and the lump on the kn-e
jis gone and there is every evidence that thf
I blood is now circulating normally. I feel that
j this Is a wonderful result to achieve In such a
I short time and at such a small expense, and
i for that reason I feel it my duty to make this
j public statement of my cure by the Electro-
Chemic treatment. I will surely recommend it
to my friends and I hereby recommend It to
all sufferers.
"(Signed) PA MI.'EL ESTVOLD.
332V6 Ritch st., San Francisco. Cal."
norm consultation
i « C EXAMINATION.
All sufferers are given a cordial Invitation to
j call at the Electro-Chemic Institute, 118 Grant
aye., for a thorough Electro-Chemic exaralna
| tlon, free of charge. Electro-Chemistry Is tha
1 most scientific and the most successful treat*
' mtnt In use for the cure of CONSUMPTION,
1 CATARRH, ASTHMA. BRONCHITIS DEAF- !
j NESS, RINGING EARS, CANCERS. TU
MORS, ECZEMA, BLOOD POISON, SKIN :
DISEASE, RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA.
LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, PARALYSIS, SPE
CXAL DISEASES OF WOMEN—IRREGULAR
! ITIES. DISPLACEMENTS, PAINFUL PERI- !
ODS. WEAK BACKS. DIZZINUS3, FALNT
i ING SPELLS, OVARIAN PAINS. ULCERA
| TIONS; SPECIAL DISEASES OF MEN—
I PROSTATITIS. STRICTURE. VARICOCELE,
I LOSS OF STRENGTH, NERVE EXHAUS-
I TION. ETC.
HOME TREATMENT—The Electro-Chemic
! treatment is the most successful known for '
\ home application. An expensive Electro- '
Chemlc outfit Is loaned free to patients living ,
at a distance. They should come for personal j
examination or write for full instructions re- '
garding home examination and treatment. It j
Is always best, however, for the patient to
OtJsstt) for the personal examination if possible, j
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC
INSTITUTE
118 GRANT AYE., comer Post St.,
SAW FRANCISCO, CAL.
Office Hours—B af 4 m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8
p. m. daily: Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate apartments for ladies and gentlemen.
1
f MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A ICSI stASm ST. bet. otk*7ts, STCii. Q \
\ tjr The Largest Anatomical Mtattsa in th. \
Q -giJ|L_ World. WMknenn ©r tny cnntrsct.ri A ,
T rTHB disewe p««ill*rlj' car«.>t fry the c!de«t V
O fSjH I s P« cl * ll - t °* ,h « Com. Est. 36 year*. £
h DR. JUROAN-D'SiASES OF MEN A
\ fCSwI Consultation frt. and strictly prlrats. .
Q a I Treatment prnou' v or by letter. A m
\I W TIM P ** t * 9 * in atery cane unilcrtakes. \
AF If 11A Wri '« ,e * Boek > i-taiaosiui-a y*r A
T 11 (I BtanniACiE. mailed vna.%. (a 6/
\ n jl valuable bo-ik for men) \ ;
DB. J»BDA> aICO., 1051 Market St..B. F V
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Perry, root of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS —7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS —8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—6:O6, 7:35. 7:60, «:20. 11:15,
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:35 p. m.
. SUNDAYS—B:OO, 9:40, 11:15 a m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:09, 5:05, 6:25 p. tn.
Leave t In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. I Oct. 2, 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- 1 Sun- ! We»k
j Days. I days. I tlon. ( days. | Days.
i 7:30 a 8:00 a I 9:10 aT 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
; 3:30 p 3 30 p 6:06 p 6:20 p
! 6:10 p 5:00 p 7:36 p[
7:30 al 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p| 9:30 a Petaluma 6:06 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
j 5:00 p Santa Rosa. J
7:80 a T 110:40 a] 10:20 a
B.ooa Fultcn. [ 7:36 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p[ I . I
Windsor,
1 7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton, I
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:85 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:80 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p] 3:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:36 p| 6:20 p
T J WlTlits and I
7:30 at 8:00 af Sherwood. | 7:36 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00a1 110:40 a[10:20 a 1
3:30 p| 3:30 p| GuernevlTle. | 7:36 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:06 pj 6:20 p
T:3cTarB :00 a| 110:40 ajld-20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. [ 7:38 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Ban
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs anJ Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at t'loverdale for the Geysers, Boone- I
villa; and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls- j
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport, Bartlett 1
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs,
Upper. I__ke, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, ;
Riverside, Llerty j, Bucknell s, Sanhedrin i
Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway »
House, Comptche. Hcpklns, Mendocino City, j-
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Willits for !
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto, Covelo, Laytonville, Cummtngs,
Bell's Sorings, Harris, Hubbard. Frultland.
Dyer, Garberville, Camp 5, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re
duced rates.
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all points ;
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 660 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen Pass Agt.
Mr, Tamalpais Railway
" Lt. &_ 7i_a:]tco I _a_B|^^ fc _ 'roneitco
WkTiavs Sundays Saa -*J» w k. Dayi"
~ l:30p *"i6TSOA
9:50 a 9:50 a \»tW__tsW 2:55p %:Zr>r
i'-'-fj'p'' i':4Sp 6?2gp ''^eToap
Saturdajt 4:35p -*»-r-»Ti ll:12p
•Via Gravity Car V Mt Taisalptit to Mill Tsllsf
ntXK i 650 Markbt ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
W7ICIS ) aad Sausauto Ferry, Foot Market StY
AUCTION SALES
Special Auction Sale of City's Horses
\\ EDNESDAY. January 4, at 11 a. to., AR
CADE HORSE MARKET. 32T Sixth at. I
will sell a lot of City Horses user] In Various
Departments of City: also 60 good young
Horses from country. Must be sold without re
serve or limit.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
*&*>
Don't forget the big closing out sale of
HORSES, WAGONS. SURREYS, all kinds of
rubber-tire buggies, carts, all kinds of harness.
TUESDAY, Jan. 3. 11 a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM
WM. gUOPOH. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYS I
1 LEAVES DAILY AT 9'JO A tsA I
with pitsE.pjsAh»o et-egpgßaJ!
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:30 a. m. ]
9:30 a m. } For Stockton Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8:00 p. m. J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla,
4:00 p.m. For Btockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyoe
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices—64l Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land, Cal.; also 27 South Ist, San Jose.
pf**K TsaißM leer* mm€ a** «»*•
to arrive ot
BAN FRANCISCO.
rMOM Ooraasni __, INs.
Faaar Pasai
vLC \jS (Toot of Market Street)
j. r Av X - MAIN LINE. ESS
7 00a Vecavllle. Winters, Katniey 7 60*
7.00 a Benic.la, Elmira ami Sacramento.. 7.20 a
7.30 a vallejo. Napa Callttoga Santa
Kosa, Martinez. San Ramon 8.20*
7 30a Nties.Trary. Lathrop, Stockton.... 7 20*
8 00a Shasta Rxprett— (Via Darts).
Williams. Willows, tFruto. Ked
Bluff. Portland, Tacoma Seattle 7-SOf
8 00a Darta, Woo-land. Enl__U Landing,
Marysyllla OrovlUe 7605»
8 30a Martinez, Antlocn. Byron, Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Lot Banoa
Mendota Armona Hanford.
Vlsalla Portervllle 4.20*
830 a Port Costa. Modesto. Merced,
Fresco, Goeben Junction, Han
ford, Vlsalla. Bakersfleld ... ... 4.60 a
8-30 A Mies, San Jot*. Ltvertnore, Stock
ton, (♦Mlltoo), |t>ne, Sacramento.
MarysTliie. Chlco. Red Bluff ... 4OT»
8 30a Oakdaie. Chtnene, Jamestown. 80
-nora Tuolumne and Angels T_S*
8 00a Atlantic Exprett—Onden and Bast. 8 20*
8 30a Ulchmond, Martinez and Way _ '
Stations B.Sos>
10 00a The Overland Limited — «»gden.
Omaha, Chicago, Denver, Kansas
CI ty, St. Louis 0 2p*
10.00 a Vallejo...- ..... 12-20»
10.00 a Los Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc
tion, Hanford, Lemoore, Vlsalla
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 7-20*
f 2.00 m Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations. 32g*
tl-OOP 6acramento River Steamers. ttl.OOa
3 30P Benlcla, Winters. Sacramenta
Woodland, Knlgnta . Landing,
Marysvllla OroTllle and way
stations 10.60 a
5 SOPHoyward.NliesandWay Stations.. 760*
IJOP port CosU, Martinez, JBrron.Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port. Cost* 12-20* .
« 00p Martinez.s»n Ramon,ValleJcNapa
Calistoga, Santa Rota 8 20*
4.00P Nllea. Tracy, Stockton 10.20*
4 SOP Hayward. Nllea Irvington. So* I t8 50*
Jose. Livermore I 111.60 a
6-OOPTbe Owl Limited—Newman, Los
Banot, Meudota. Fretno. Tultra
Bakersfleld. Lot Angelea _ 8&0*
It 30p Hayward. Nllet and San Joss ..._» 7.204
6 00p Hayward. Nllet and San Jots. 8 60*
6-OOp Etifteru Kxprett --Omaha. Chicago,
Denver, Kansas City, St. Lou la
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax, Reno, Sparks, MontcUa,
— Ogden .2.80*
B.oo* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday ) 7 fiP _.
7 OOP Vallejo, Banday only f * -BW
7470P Richmond, Han Pehlo, Port Cost*,
Martinez and Way Stations 11.20*
7-OOp Reno Passenger—Port Costa Be
nlcla, Satsan, Elmira, Dlxoa.
Davis, Sacramento, Sparks, Ton*
;>ah. Keeier and Way Stations... 7.00 a
046 a Oregon *> California Express—Sac
ramento. MarysTliie. Redding,
Portland, Paget Souad and East. 8-60*
4.10* Hayward, Ntlet and Son Jose (Sum
day only) 11-604
COAST LINE <?larrow UasgsL
(Foot of Market Street.)
5 16A Newark. Centerrllie, San Joss,
Feiion, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6 88*>
H. 16P Newark. Centervllie. San Joss,
New Almaden. Lot Gatoa.Felto*.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cms sat!
Principal Way Stations tlO 55*
4.16* Newark. Ban Jose, Los Gatos... j
*0-3Gp Hunters' Train (Saturday enly)—
San Jote and Way Stations $7-26*
COAST LSNE <Bro*4Usage).
tw~ (Third and Tuwntend Streets.)
5.10 a San Joae aad Way Statlona I SO*
00a San Jote and Way stations 6-40*
8 00a lf» Almaden (Tues., FrttL, only). 4-10*
• 00a The Coaster—San Jote, Salinas,
San Ardo, Paso HoMes. Bant*
Margarita, San Luis Ob! spe,
ftuadalupe, Gavlota, Santa Bar
bara. Ban Buenaventura, Mos
tslvo, Oxnard, Burbank, Las
Angelet 10-OOP
I.oo* Gilroy, Holllster, CattroTllle, Dai
Monte. Pacific Grove, Birf, Lon>
poo 10JO»»
B.ooa San Jote. Tret Piaot.WatsonTtlla
Cap)tola, Santa Cruz, Pacig*
Grove. Salinas, Ban Lull Obispo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4-10*
10-30 A Ban Jote and Way Stations 1 20*
11 30a San Jose and Way Stations _, 7.30*
2 16p San Jote and War Stations ... .... 8 30*
6 Cop Del Monte Express—Santa Clara
Bon Jose, Wattoavllle, Santa
Cruz, Del Monte. Monterey,
PactncQrove...... 1216 a
UVOOp Lot Gatos, Wright, Boulder Creak,
Bant* Cruz, via Santa Clara sad
Narrow Gauge tlO-46*
S-30P Valencia St., Bout* San Francisco,
Burllngame, San Jote, Gilroy,
Hoi litter, Tret Plaos 10-46*
4 30p San Jote and Way Statloaa 18-00*
tfc-OOP Sink Clara Son Jose. Lot Gatos,
and principal Way stations (ex
cept Sunday) tO-00*
if.3op fc-anJoseandPrlnclpalWayStations (9.40*
6 4*p euntet Express.—Redwood. Baa
Jote.Gilroy,Salinas.Pato Koblea,
Ban Lnlt Obispo, Santa Barbara
Loa Angeles, Demlng. Bl Paso.
NewOrleane, New York 0-10*
6.48P Pajaro, Wattonvllle, Capitols,
east* Crnz, OastroTlfl*. Dei
Monte, Pacific Grove 10-90*
18.1|P tap Mateo.Beresford,Belmont,San
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Msnlo Park, Palo Alto t0.46*
6 30p San Jote and Way Statlona... I SO*
8 00p Palo Alto and Way Statlona 10 16*
lI.SOp South SanFrancltco. Mliibrae. Bar
il ngame, San Mateo, Belmont,
Ban Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oak*,
Menlo Park, and Polo Alto 10.40 a
•11IQP Mayneld, Mountain View, Sunny
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
Ban Jose <tV4)IO
AtorMorulnK- P tor Aftemooa
lOnnday excepted- tßnndayoaly.
«- Saturday enly. i Monday oalp.
tfitvPt st all itatloat on Sunday.
MILL
CAZADERO, Etc.
MftSRSmMtSBnl Via Sausallto Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, daily, at t7:06,
7-46 IJL 8:10. 0:50. 11:00 a m.. 12:20, 1:46.
3:13! 4:35. 6:16, 6:60, 6:30, 7:13, 10:16 and
11:35 p. m.
Arrive at San Franclaco dally, at 16:40,
7-3o 8:15, 8:60, 0:33, 10:60 a. m.; 12:10, 1:30.
2:55. 1 23, 5:05, 5:42, 6:22, 6:57, 7:40 and 11:28
p. m.
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, at 7:48 a. m.; also Satur
days at 3:15 p. m., and daily except Saturday
and Sunday at 5 :15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily—Cazadero and way atatloaa
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only—For Cazadero,
etc.
5:19 p. m. daily, except Saturday and Sua*
day for Tomales, etc.
TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market st.
FERRY —Union Depot, foot of Market st.
WEEKLY. CALL
16 Pages. $1 per Year
151C
HALES. I HALES. _J HALES. I HALES. I HALES. I HALES. I HALES.
Muslin Undergarments " "^^gi
Hale s January Sale Starts This Morning y _?^^ p
Twenty tables on the second floor ar.e drifted high with snow-white beauty The picture may give you a better idea as to style and elaborateness. But even Children's Undermusllns
skin, corset cover', and economy, besides the usual counter space. Half the windows in the en- the picture tells nothing of the splendid qualities of muslin ana cambric that Th a f\^
and WCr own Ch tHm C tire f ront are f li,ed witn § owns » skirts, drawers, corset covers and chemises, have been used, and how generously every garment has been made and how Examples:
m"d with v "ace, em- plainly marked so they can tell their own story and the advantages to be perfectly finished. ,m nr . T"!? 8 at ye a? s . s so"
broidery and rib- o-oirio-l l-.tr hntrinrr mnclin nnrlpru;pqr now The 50 000 P ie ces that are here this mornins were not made up specially from one muslin, finished with
r,rm CMhmZ gained DV DUying mUSlin UnaerWear nOW. Tories in a "hurry way," as many big orders are. but represent the pick of the best garments irom three tuckjj
boil beading. Other => J . twenty-five of America's foremost muslin underwear makers. Regular stocks specially P ri ced■ SMrt t
four - piece sets, In JTOWnS, OriCeS Start at 2/C, then IQC, dBc and Up, Mere are drawers at thousand pieces in this one store, and many other thousands in five other■California .stores• "o you ze " \g 14 s
beautifully trim- < lo T „j. A*~ J«A r wonder that makers are glad to do the unusual for this big California outlet? But let the \aiues raiic muslin, finished
mcd with lace at 21C, 2$C, 2oC and Up. bkirtS at 40C, OQC and Up. Corset COVer prices for themselves. with ruffle of cambric.
$7.00. ' start at 8c arid run up to $2.50. Chemises at 25c and up to $2.87. Extra salespeople are here to make buying easy. o o
Drawers at 21c First the QowtlS at 27c Corset 8c White SkirtS at 69C Chemises at 25c
Of soft white muslin, with wide ' . Not elaborate, but plain and good, „ , . . ~ Here s one of the best values of all
hemstitched cambric ruffle, and s small Though we think there are plenty, we would advise not wait- wel , ma(Je tight . fitting . pearl but . Two styles to choose from. Both fine, soft cambric. One and fhe most welcome. Soft mushn,
ing too long. For they are made of fine, soft muslin, with high tons . Size ; 34 to £„ t time we and hemstitched tucks-other trimmed with open front neck
Vuu _ P neck > square yoke of clustered tucks, cambric ruffle around the had 8c corset covers they went dur- n T _*t- a . wlth torchon lace ' made spiena»a»y
wTmn muslls, Ul W t fl collar and cuffs. Generously made aid perfectly finished. Sizes £_?tSe More Zs £t,t<t Aounce of 6-inch embroidery. Lengths 40, 42 and 44- full, perfectly finished. Sizes 34 to 44.
with umbrella ruffle of lawn edged 14 to 17. Here are Other gowns equally interesting and im- we'd advise early buying. Other skirts: . At 380 Soft muslin neck and sleeves
" tyle trlmmed W " h portant. \ At i4e_Cambric corset covers, tight fit- At 89C 4 StvleS* Soft mUB " and ?T trimmed W ' th embroidery ' S,zeB 84
Al 28c—Soft muslin drawers, with ur- A * on o I Softmus- Ai en ~y Ci I . Soft mus- ting, V neck, trimmed with embroid- lln and others with deep ruffle of fine to 44
brella ruffle of lawn, finished with deep At JMCI i. Styles! lln high At SVCI J styles: i ln> high cry. Pearl buttons. Sizes 34 to 44. cambric, umbrella flounce, with 20 swlss embroidery. Lengths 40, 4- _ 7e __- st Tles—Soft muslin or cam
hemstitched hem and 3 hemstitched necks, yoke of embroidery inser- or low neck, yoke of embroider* ■»« _ • _ _ . . „ fine cluster tucks and 6 wide hem- and 44. tJK wJ™m with embrolderv lact.
tuck> - tlon and tucks. Other with low, insertion and hemstitched tucks. At 18c—2 Styles—Cambric, round or V stitched tucks Some trimmed with brie, trimmed ."J™. f™"™ l^
At 33o—a Styles—Cambric or soft mus round neck, elbow sleeves, neck Collar and cuffs of embroidery. neck, tight-fitting or full front, trim- stitched tucks borne trimmed witn . F1 n c and insertion; also skirt chemise trim
lin. umbrella ruffle of embroidery. Also and sleeves trimmed with hem- Sizes 14 to 17. mcd with embroidery. Sizes 32 to 44. ruffles of rich embroidery, others Jl._;o. £. OiyicS. -„ mbric mcd with lace and ribbon,
cambric ruffle finished with row of lace stitched ruffle. Sizes 14 to 17. „ , with 3 insertions of torchon lace ' v .. '
insertion and lace ruffle. At 68c* S StvleS* 1? mus " At a2c — s S*7i e «—Cambric or nainsook. and lace ruffle. Lengths 40, 42 with deep umbrella flounce, with At 69o _^ J styles—Regular or . skirt che-
At 39c—3 Styles—Fine cambric umbrel- At 48c* .3 Styles* ?. oft mut L" tTi^T!i *„„~ r French style; some trimmed with em- and 44. row s of Normandy, Valenciennes mlse length, yoke of embroidery or
. otl i ers T* th row ?, ? f hem ; a* n-7 ■C* I . Fine cam- and wide ruffles to match. lace insertion; bottom finished with
style with torchon or Valenciennes S&,"SvSS f d siseS Vto 4™ At 97C 5 St y ,eS: brie'deTp Extra dust ruffle. Lengths 40, 42 cambric ruffle and flne tucks.
lace and insertion. or em broidery insertion and clus- 14 t to 17. umbrella flounce, with rows ol and 44. ... ' ..- - ."- . .
Other styles at 47c, 69c, 87c, 97c, $1.18, ter tucks; hemstitched collar and Other styles at 870, 980, 81.19, $158, Other styles at 28c. 38c. 47c. 57c. 67c. 890. 1 t * ko A * .0 ' Other styles in skirt chemises at S7O,
$158. $1.68, $158 and up to $850. cuffs. Sizes 14 to 17. $1.89, $2.19. $2.78 and $650. 98c, $1.18 and up to $2.50. (Jther Styles at $1.00 tO $4.30. $1.79. $2.19 and $2.87.
Saturday's express brought us a traveling salesman's entire ■ -tt | | HA T To-day we are clearing out odd lines
Sample Line New Belts blTlDrOlderieS INOW Lace Curtains at 65c
1500 in all: Belts that are selling in the regular way from 25c to $1.00 and Regular 75c and 85c Curtains, 3 yards long and a good width for small
more. Out first time to-day and we will sen them First Opportunity in 190? Unusually Important tcfnTSi ° r ecru ' vanety nt Pat "
At 15C, 25C and 50C It's the opening event of the New Year at Hale s-planned on, worked ahead to so Table Covers at $1.25: SK^SSt'fflg^t'UforTngsV^izes^il
In the 15c Lot X'*^*? 6 ™?" b f t3 \ pl^f ted Bty,es ' resultfull y> that feet •»« «»«• «
without ornaments; in black, blue, red. green, white — j r% • * , 0 ,/„ c , ; . : WmaOW SliadeS the bottom. Come in tan. slate and terra
and orange I He r" I PrirP V S\ft\ 12j4C Yd. Embroideries cotta. Regular 50c value at 25c.
In flip ?Sr» Int Are belts of silk and velvet, girdle and crushed effects, ■ llv I 11 91 ■ 1 IVW 19 «JC ICI 1 U „ . fv , ~i / . F or dnintv curtain draDlni- can b« \inmA on mr mmmk
in me LOl wl th jewels. ..or gold, or steel ornaments and buckles to . . . J . . , , , " , Worth -15c and 20c—Swiss, nainsook BraSS Rods 7 l AcI from 2Vto 4 U^
match; in black, red. orange, blue and green. For cambric embroidery edgings. I inch to inches wide; embroid- and cambric embroideries, edgings '_± " uw irom leet iqe - '*=° eacn -
In thf» SOr I nt Are broad girdle belts, shirred or pleated: in silk, velvet cries such as ?c usually buys Insertion*; 1/ to xi/ inrhec widp an<J Insertions, in open and blind ef- %»■•*>%'*. tr\r\r\ wt- M ' ,
in me 3UC LOl or taffeta; with gold, steel and oxidized ornaments. Some »„ t ;J ie «V % % inches wide. fects floral teneriffei grapef scroll A New Year SSae of 1000 Winter HitS at 25c
that are jeweled. In black, blue, red brown green and orange But xt ,s tne number of different patterns you can choose from, and and other designs. Edgings 3to 7H ° t» uau at t-^v^
But one of a kind. "Samples" tells the story of the unusualness of the l he h £ u }l of K the P att 7"s individually and the quality of the cam- inches wide, insertions lto 2 inches Ready-to-wear felt hats Some of the styles sold earlier at $2.00 Many
opportunity. They're out on a table to-day first time . used tnat wou,d make them splendid values at sc. "™ of them soiled now by handling. Weve marked them all 25c and made
They're 3c a yard to-day, along with these other splendid embroid- 18c Yard Embroideries » n opportunity that should be seized upon quickly.
* h cries ' Some of them at half-price. Worth aso _ Swiss , na insook and . ~T
* Cake That Won't "Fall" 5c Yard Embroideries 9c Yard Embroideries 1 n „. B . Mail * *m
£LW% mW 1 imt VVUII L rclll Worth up to 10c yard—Cambric Worth 12 u,o—Cambric and flne feet% in fleur lis. clover leaf. Order 1?V Mail < QMs&mW «mt JW 9^>»
Visit the cake-baking demonstra- and swiss embroldpry edgings. 1 swiss embroidery. Edgings and acorn, floral and many other dainty Am , t( . in . , fv , Tf „_. f Hftr" JMOK. tW A AWn£> 9U&
JW JSS i-^>- —. tlon downstairs to-day. and see to 4 inches wide, in both open and insertions, some in matched pat- designs. Some of them finished with ™„! + Jr «t««, i „ M%W AW >* B ** r 59^^
how the Van Deusen cake molds blind effects. Insertions % to ternsr. E3dglngs 3to 6 inches wide, a hem. hemstitched and embroidered, 7u m Hm*JEtVLa mW r -^?^
- • prevent cake from falling. Inches wide; several of the nar- insertions y» to 1% inches. Open number of patterns with beading /J ad\an-
Market Street, Near Sixth. * 4. rower ones in finished edge pat- and blind effects, in floral, bow edge. In sertions 1»4 to 2% inches iages to you.
terns - knot, wheel, dot and scroll designs. wide, in many pretty patterns. t- —— -fr Market Street, Near Sixth.
THREE PERSONS
SUFFOCATED
Two Elderly People and Sev
enteen-Year-Old Boy Are
Victims of Poisonous Gas
i
Three deaths from suffocation by il
luminating- gas were reported to Cor
oner Iceland yesterday.
Victor La Brie, the 17-year-old son of
Dr. E. La Brie, was suffocated with il
luminating gas last Sunday night in
bis room at 1210 Mason street. He was
found dead in bed yesterday morning
with a copy of a Sunday morning news
paper at his side. Qas was flowing
from a partly opened jet. His death is
supposed to have been caused by acci
dent, either by carelessness In turning
off the flow of gas or by a sudden
diminution of pressure in the pipes
while the boy was asleep.
The body of Mrs. B. Kelly was found
in bed yesterday morning at her home,
832 Turk street, a lodging-house kept
by her. Her divorced husband, Joseph
Bigin, who lived in the same house and
did chores for her, told the deputy cor
oner that he traced the odor of gas
yesterday morning to the room occu
pied by his former wife, and that on
forcing an entrance he found her dead
In bed, the gas escaping from an open
burner. He said that he and Mrs. Kelly
• had agreed to be remarried soon.
Mrs. Randall, a lodger, who occupies
a lower floor, said that Mrs. Kelly had
been very despondent for a long time
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
-|-|-inr
t| ' '°ur Store Closes Be.tui-daysatep.nl.)
MAGNIN'S SALE OF BOYS'
WOOLEN RUSSIAN SUITS
• If With Bloomer Trousers—Ages 2 to 6 years.
I AT LESS THAN
I ONE-HALF FORMER PRICES.
| * Sale Commences To-Day at 9 A. M.
II 918-922 Market St. Mo Branch Stores. I
MR. CHASE THINKS THAT
HEUER'S BODY WAS LOOTED
Elevator Man Had Forty Dollars in
Gold When He Left Home
Sunday Morning.
E. M. Chase of 1621 Stuart street,
Berkelc-. thinks that John C. Heuer's
dead body was robbed on Sunday aft
ernoon in the Phelan building before
the Coroner's deputy arrived. Heuet
was elevator boy in the building and
fell or was thrown down the shaft.
When Deputy Coroner Michael Brown
arrived he found that the body had
been taken out of the elevator well
and placed on %he first floor. He sum
moned Peter Semenza, the janitor, and
Dr. F. W. D'Evelyn as witnesses to his
search of the body. There was only
$2 85 found in the pockets.
Mr. Chase informed Chief Deputy
Coroner McCormick yesterday that
Heuer had about $40 in small gold
when he left the Chase residence in
Berkeley Sunday morning to go to his
work. Janitor Semenza said that he
and two other men had removed the
body from the pit and that he did not
see any one take anything from the
dead man's pockets until Deputy Cor
oner Brown arrived and made the
search in Dresence of himself and Dr.
D'Evelyn.
Your Grandmother used Plso's Cure. It
is still the best remedy for Coughs. *
* +
and that she had often threatened to
kill herself. Mrs. Kelly was 65 years
old and a native of Ohio.
The third victim was William Roller
Sr., a native of Germany, 57 years old.
He was found dead in his bathroom
at 1516 Folsom street yesterday morn
ing. Gas was escaping from one end of
a rubber tube, the other end of which
had been fastened to a burner. Roller
was a bartender in the Owl saloon, on
Sixth street, near Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905.
STANFORD MAY
BE ONE CHOICE
Selection of Subjects for
Statues at Washington
Is Theme for Discussion
Andrea Sbarboro, president of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation of California and also president
of the California Promotion Commit
tee, says that he believes that Ice
land Stanford and either James Mar
shall or General Sutter by their ser
vices to California are better entitled
than any other two persons to be rep
resented in Statuary Hall at Washing
ton, D. C, where each State will have
two statues of its illustrious sons.
This statement was made by Mr. Sbar
boro yesterday after he had read the
article in The Call telling of the dis
cussion begun concerning the choice
that California is likely to make.
George K. Fitch, who edited the San
Francisco Bulletin for more than forty
years, said yesterday that probably
Junipero Serra, as an individual, exer
cised as much influence as any single
individual on civilization in Califor
nia. Marshall found gold. He was
not searching for it, however, but was
digging a ditch when the gold was first
seen by him. His find attracted the
attention of the world. Junipero Serra
had definite purposes. He did just
what he intended to do and the only
civilization that California had for
many years was that originating in the
teachings and example of the padres.
It would take a long time to think out
who were entitled by reason of excep
tional services to the State to be made
the subject of statues at Washington
as proposed. Many men had a claim
to memory, but which were the better
claimants he could not say.
Several men of prominence were in
terviewed yesterday, but they had no
choice yet. It is evident that a great
field for discussion has been opened
up. Whether the pathfinders, the
goldfinders, the railway constructors,
the educators or the founders of edu
cational institutions like James Lick
and Leland Stanford are the favored
ones will be talked over at length
from varied points of view. The gen
eral impression seems to be, from con
versations with tho#e who know some
thing about California, that there is
little doubt that Leland Stanford will
be selected as one of the subjects for
the statues.
Brewery Workmen Elect Officers.
The following: officers have been
elected by the Brewery Workmen's
Union: President, August Knopf;
vice president, Herman Floegel;
treasurer, Frank Stenz; secretary,
Emil Muere; sergeant at arms, W.
Push; executive committee—John
Kroeger, Henry Brandstetter and John
Beigle; examination committee—
Frank Stehlin and Herman Floegel.
Branch No. 6 has selected these offi
cers: President, P. O'Brien; vice
president, Charles Closs; secretary
treasurer, Frederick Hansen; execu
tive committee—P. O'Brien and Fred
erick Hansen; examination committee
—Thomas Kennedy and P. O'Brien;
sergeant at arms. Frederick Weishei
mer.
Have it printed by Edward Knowle* Com
pany. 24 Second gtreet, near Market. •
SAN LEANDRO NOW HAS
PAID FIRE DEPARTMENT
Retirement of Old Organization
Marks Another Step in Prog
ress of the Town.
SAN LEANDRO, Jan. 2.—The vol
unteer fire department, which for
many years has served San Leandro,
is now a thing of the past. The
equipment of the department was
yesterday turned over to the reorgan
ized paid call force. The new de
partment has assumed control of the
fire apparatus of the town.
J. Yogt has been appointed chief
engineer and his assistants are: First,
W. Reid; second, E. Whitcomb. The
members of the new paid department
are. - ~
Members of Company No. I—t1 —t Ca
hill, F. Eber, H. Eber, C. Blacken
ship, O. Geisenhofer.
Members of Company No. 2—E.
Campbell, A. Leno, Charles Rantzau,
A. Larsen, W. Lundberg.
Members of hook and ladder com
pany—E. Biglow, R. Gray, N. Offer
sen, A. Ury, B. Gray, H. Hoerst.
Bicyclist Run Down.
.A boy named Gabriel Dellasso, aged
11 years, residing at 334 Green street,
was run into by an automobile on
Market and Powell streets yesterday.
The boy and his wheel Were pitched to
one side . There were two men and
one woman in the auto, which carried
the No. 731 on its rear end. The col
lision smashed the hind wheel of the
bicj'cle and injured the boy, who re
ported the occurrence at the City Hall
police station and afterward had his
wounds, which consisted of lacera
tions and abrasions of the head and
face, dressed at the Emergency Hos
pital.
Burton Holmes Sale Opens To-Day.
The sale of course seats for the Burton
Holmes lectures begins this morning at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'b. Mr. Holmes will deliver
his first lecture. "In London," next Tuesday
night, January 10, at Lyric Hall. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TAR i jiM. IS A iAH TAR
Soft, spongy, sensitive gums result from
tartar accumulation. It should be removed
at once by your dentist and thereafter pre
vented by the use of
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
. i I -
and its complement, SOZODONT Liquid.
The Powder is slightly abrasive, is abso
lutely free from grit and acid, and Is just
the thing for those who have an Inclination
for the niceties of every-day life.
3 FORM 0 ' -QUID, POWDER. PASTE.
| SEEDS 1
our beautifully illustrated B
|V catalogue and one packet of H
■I LUTHIE BTTBBAnCS ■ f
■9 latest introduction ■
wm Australian Star Flower H
mL\ a live-forever everlasting H
mailed for 95 cents ■
■ COX SEED CO. ■
\W 411, 413. 415 Sanaome Street, ■
8A If TJULvauo^^^^im
CAR RUNS DOWN
CHILD AT PLAY
Four-Year-Old,While Throw
ing Ball, Ground "Beneath
Wheels on Mission Street
Death rode on the wheels of a Mis
sion-street car yesterday afternoon
and crushed out the life of little four*
year-old Rudolph Furrer, who was
playing in front of his home at, 2732
Mission street. The accident occurred
at 4:30 o'clock in the sight of many
people who were powerless to prevent
the tragedy. Many rushed to remove
the frail form from beneath the heavy
car trucks, and soon hundreds were
crowding around. For thirty minutes
men worked desperately to extricate
the child from the running gear, while
the frantic mother pleaded to be al
lowed to go to her baby.
•The car, No. 1143, was going south
on Mission street at fair speed. The
boy was playing ball with two com*
panions. According to the statement
of Motorman Frank Reynolds the lit
tle fellow turned and darted directly
in front of the car, which could not
be stopped in time to save him. Po*
licemen Edward Davey and B. Kelle
her were soon on the scene, and while
Davey led in the work of recovering
the body Kelleher took Conductor C.
A. Rollins and Motorman Reynolds to
the Seventeenth-street station, where
the latter was charged with man
slaughter.
By the time the car was lifted the
child was dead, and it is presumed
that he was instantly killed. A hasty
examination showed severe laceration
of the scalp, fracture of the skull and
several broken ribs.
The only eyewitness to the whole
accident was Mrs. E. W. Liberty of
2738 Howard street, who confirmed
the motorman's statement that the
child was playing near the track and
ran in front of the car. W. W. Willis
of 3118 Fulton street and T. J. O'Neill
of 219 Eddy street saw the car strike
the child and ran to his assistance.
Frank Furrer. the father, works In
South San Francisco. He returned to
comfort "his wife, who sat in the front
room at their home with little Ru
dolph's older brother and two
sisters. The body was not taken to
the Morgue.
ASSOCIATION PREPARES TO
HANDLE CROP OF 1905
Alameda County Growers of Rhubarb
Assured of a Good Market
in the East.
SAN LEANDRO, Jan. 2.—The Rhu
barb Growers' Association of Alameda
County is preparing to handle the
crop of 1905. B. Funcheon, manager
of the organization, has sent out a
communication notifying the growers
that the association is prepared to
market the entire crop by the same
aa that used last year.
The association has been notified'
that one of the great Chicago firms
can handle a large amount of the
product. This, combined with the
San Francisco market, will assure a
sale for all the rhubarb grown in Ala
meda County.
No woman feels that she is growing
old until she begins to forget her birth
days
CELEBRATES NEW YEAR'S IN
COMPANY WITH HIS FAMILY
General MaeArthur Enjoys Holiday at
Home With "His Sons and
Grandson. %
General MaeArthur enjoyed a fam
ily gathering yesterday for the first
time in many years. He had his en
tire family with him to see the old
year out and the new year in. Be
sides the general himself there were
his son, Lieutenant Arthur MaeArthur
Jr., U. S. N.; his grandson, Arthur
MaeArthur third, and his son, Lieu
tenant Douglas MaeArthur, engineer
corps, who is now stationed at this
post. Mrs. MaeArthur Sr. was radi
ant with smiles at having all her fam
ily gathered about her.
In accordance with instructions
from the War Department, yesterday
was observed as a general holiday at
division and department headquar
ters and at the army posts in and
about the city. All exercises and
drills of every sort were omitted and
only the actual duties necessary to
post life were carried out.
In the absence of General Moore
the duties of the office of department
commander will be filled by Major
Samuel W. Dunning, adjutant general.
Major Frank Greene, signal corps,
on his way to Manila, registered at
department headquarters yesterday.
He is staying at the St. Nicholas.
The officers of the post called infor
mally on Colonel Charles Morris yes
terday.
Red Eyes and Eyelids, grandlated Eye
lids and other Eye troubles cured by Mu
rine Eye Remedy. Murine doesn't smart.*
Chattanooga Exceeds Contract.
NEWPORT, R. L, Jan. 2.—The offi
cial report made by the cruiser Chat
tanooga, on her four hours' speed run
at sea yesterday was 16.7 knots an
hour. The announcement was made
to-day by the navy trial board. The
speed called for by the contract was
16.5 knots.
GHIRARDELLIS
CJmco/at&
HrJK \gJ A dainty to make 1
\ one's lips smack.
COTTON PLANT
GOES TO WALL
Receivership Asked for the
Davis Mills, Located at
Fall River, Massachusetts
FALL RIVER, Mass.. Jan. I—Appli
cation for a receiver for the Davis
Cotton Mills was made here to-day.
The Industrial Trust Company of
Providence holds a mortgage for $500,
--000 on the plant to secure an issue of
bonds payable in twenty years. The
assets of the corporation are placed
at $587,836, and the liabilities at $1,007.
--342.
The mills, in common with many
other concerns in the industry, have
had to meet unfortunate markets for
raw material and finished goods. They
are also involved in the operatives*
strike. Judge Fox has taken the pa
pers in the receivership case in order
to consult other judges.
The failure of stockholders to pay
in full amounts to the capital fund
called for and losses in raw cotton
purchased during the high prices,
which followed the bull campaign of
Daniel J. Sully, are supposed to have
contributed to the mills' trouble, as
well as the tying.up of large amounts
of money through the storage of un
marketable goods.
It was announced this afternoon
that if the receivership plan is agree
able to the court as presented, it is
the intention of the petitioners to hold
it pending the adoption of a plan of re
organization by which the capital can
be cut down and new capital paid In.
Most of our time is ■pent in getting
used to the things we didn't expect.