VOLUME XCVII—NO. 37.
RUSSIA LOSES
BATTLESHIP OF
BALTIC FLEET
Report of Foundering of Warship
Disaster to the Kniaz Suvaroff,
Carrying the Flag of
Rojestvensky.
Special Cable to Tl, e Call and the Xew York Herald. Copyright, 1»05. by
the Herald Publishing Company.
PARIS, Jan. s.—The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Paris edition of the New York Herald telegraphs that
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's flagship, the battleship Kniaz
Suvaroff, has struck a rock and foundered.
MAKES DENIAL OF THE REPORT
ST. PETERSBURG. .lan. 6 (By Associated Press).—Reports that Vice
Admiarl Rojcstvensky's flagship, the battleship Kniaz Souvaroff:
struck a rock and sunk are unfounded. ' nas
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 6.—The
latest report from Vice Admiral Rojes-
Ventsky's squadron was contained in
a dispatch dated Tamatave, island of
Madagascar, January 2. in which It was
•tated that the vice admiral's division
«f the Russian second Pacific squad
ron, consisting of five battleships, three
cruisers, two transports and a hospi
tal Ehip. had anchored on that day in
the roadstead of Sainte Marie, an island
©n the east coast.
The Kniaz Suvaroff, flagship of the j
second Pacific squadron, was a battle- j
■hip of 13,516 tons, with a nominal |
speed of eighteen knots. She was
launched only in 1901 and was one of j
newest four battleships of Russia, all j
of the same class, the others being the j
Alexander the Third, the Borodino and !
the Orel, with which it was hoped Ad- I
miral Rojestvensky might be able to I
cope with the four remaining Jaratte- i
ships of Japan. The Kniaz Suvaroff
tvas armed with four 12-inch guns and
twi'ive 6-inch guns and for protection
against torpedoes had four inches of
Admiral Sinovf Petrovioh Rojest
vensky. whose flag was flying on the
Kniaz Suvaroff. was born 56 year* ago
and received his early naval training
In the Russian Corps of Marine Cadets
and in the Marine Academy, tte left
the latter institution in 1876, in time to i
take part in the Russo-Turkieh war. In
the following year he earned the fourth
class of the Order of gt. George for his
gallant attack with the Vesta on a
Turkish warship in the Black Sea. He
became n second-class raptain in 1885
and up to 1891 commanded a succession
of warships, among them the Vladimir,
the Monomach and the Pervenez. In
3896 he was promoted to rear admiral.
He 1 commanded the revolutionary
pquadron in the Baltic during the ma
neuvers carried out in the presence of
the German Emperor in 1902 and on
that occasion received the thanks of I
the Czar and was attached to the im
perial suite. Last year he was ap
pointed alternate to the chief of the
admiralty staff.
It was definitely announced yester
day that because of the fall of Port
Arthur orders would be sent to the
Baltic fleet immediately for its recall
to homp waters. The intention of the
Government is to hold the fleet here
until It has been brought up to its full
strength by the addition of vessels now
undergoing repairs or in process of con
struction.
COURT-MARTIAL FOR STOESSEL.
Announcement Arouses Indignation of
Russian Populace.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. s.—Few
incidents of the whole war have
aroused more bitter criticism than
the blunt announcement, officially is
sued by the General Staff, that Gen
eral Stoessel will have to come home
and stand court-martial for surrend
ering the fortress of Port Arthur.
While this is an ancient regulation
and quite according to law, it is bit
terly resented on all sides that such
an announcement should have been
gratuitously made in the same bul
letin containing General Stoessel's ap
peal to the Emperor for "lenient
judgment on a garrison reduced to
shadows, who have done all that was
possible for human beings to uphold
the honor of Russia in the face of her
enemies." The Novoe Vremya. despite
the example made by the suspension
of the Rush yesterday, says:
By all means let us have a court-martial
•s>d make it. if possible, severe. The cruel
.Judge will, perhaps, deal leniently with those
who have *iven their blood and lives for their
country. Perhaps, also, the .court will deter
mine why a fortress known to be threatened
with blockade is not supplied with necessary
food and munitiona to enable It to hold out.
Perhaps such a court will bring- to light many
dark, hidden things and expose the creeping,
underground enemies of Russia who are In
finitely more dangerous to the nation than
those v.-ho fight in the open.
There is no definite information
here regarding General Stoessel's con
dition, but it has been public gossip
for some time that he is suffering
from cancer.
a
REFORTIFYING PORT ARTHUR.
-I -1
Japan Will Make the Captured Strong
hold Impregnable.
CHEFU, Jan. s.—The statement in
tlie censored dispatches from corre
spondents with' General Nogi's army
that the Japanese lost only 50,000 men i
in taking the fortress is declared to be
absurd by Russian naval officers here.
Their lowest estimate, based both on
personal observation and on stories
told by prisoners, places the Japanese
loss at 80,000. i
Advices from Japanese sources say i
that the condition of Port Arthur is 1
chaotic, but that General Nogi and J
General Stoessel are rapidly system- ]
atizing affairs there. General Nogi la "
prepared, through -agents who have ]
been recruiting for months, to put a
horde of Chinese coolies at work in
THE WEATHER.
Fan Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy,
unsettled weather Friday; possibly
showers by night; fresh southeast
wind. A. <3. Mr A PIE.
District Forecaster.
the rofortifying of Port Arthur. Vast
quantities of cement and timber are
already on the Yalu River for this pur
pose, while steel plates and other
manufactured material are ready in
Japan for transportation to the fort
ress.
Ammunition, food and medical sup
plies to last for years will be sent to
Port Arthur. Japan being heedful of
the mistakes made by the Russians.
RELIEF SHIP STOPPED.
I Japanese Turn Back British Cruiser
Carrying Supplies.
WEIHAIWEI, Jan. 5.-The British
| cruiser Andromeda, which sailed from
> here yesterday for Port Arthur with
| hospital stores and surgeons to assist
; the sick and wounded, returned here
I to-day, not having been allowed to
j make a landing at Port Arthur. The
cruiser proceeded to a small bay ten
miles north of Port Arthur, where she
was met by some Japanese. The latter
refused all assistance or stores of any
kind and declined to allow the- ship*s
officers 10 approach closer, the reason
given being the presence of unlocated
mines.
i'HEFU, Jan. s.—Japanese Consul
Mizouno to-night notified Russian Con
sul Tiedemann that the first of the 1000
I Russian non-combatants at Port Ar
| thur who are to come to Chefu will ar
rive on Friday. It will be some time
before the entire 1000 reach here, owing
to a shortage of transportation facili
ties.
The authorities at Tokio having re
fused a proposition made by the Rus
sian Minister in Peking, Paul Lessar,
to send a ship laden with medical sup
plies and food for the invalids, it has
been suggested that this ship be divert -
jpd to ('hefu for the benefit of the non-
I combatants.
Consul Mizouno says that the refusal
of the Japanese to allow either the An
dromeda or the ship'proposed by Min
ister Lessar to visit Port Arthur is in
pursuance of a strict policy not to al
low any foreign vessel to approach the
harbor. It is understood, however, that
the refusal of the Japanese to accept
the aid tendered by the Andromeda
was an error born of their desire to
show to the world that Japanese hu
manitarianism was fully equal to the
occasion.
Sympathy for the sick and wounded
Russians at Port Arthur is widespread,
but the suggestion that they be cared
for at Chefu, Tientsin, Shanghai, Wei
haiwei and Tsingtau has led to an in
quiry which developed the fact that the
combined facilities of the places named
are equal to harboring only a very
small percentage of them. The general
opinion here Is that the great majority
of the sick and wounded will be com
pelled to remain at Port Arthur until
they are sufficiently convalescent to
return to Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. s.—The an
nouncement from Weihaiwei that the
Japanese turned back the British
cruiser Andromeda, having on board
doctors, nurses and hospital stores, so
much needed at Port Arthur, arouses
irfdignation here, and goes far to de
stroy the good Impression created by
the attitude of the victors. If the Jap
anese were unable to allow the Andro
meda to enter Port Arthur, it is not un
derstood here why they did not permit
the Andromeda to land her supplies at
Port Dalny unless the Japanese did not
care to reveal the condition of the be
sieging army.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. s.—The
steamer Kanagawa, which took a car
go of submarine boats to Japan on her
last trip from Seattle, arrived to-day
from the Orient. The torpedo-boats
were shipped in Sections. Officers of !
the Kanagawa report that the Jap- |
anese Government now has about
; thirty submarine vessels, many of ]
which are ready for service. Others
are being put together at Kure.
BRITONS LOSE CHINA'S FAVOR.
• i
SHANGHAI. Jan. s.—The North
China Daily News reports that Chou
Fu, the new Viceroy of Nanking, has
appointed a German named Basse as
manager of the Chinese arsenal at |
Shanghai. This probably means, the i
paper says, the ousting of the present
British manager of the Ordnance De
partment and the bringing of the Chi
nese arsenals at Chinanfu, Hankow
Shanghai. Nanking and Tientsin into
German hands.
Torpedo-Boat Sails for Russia.
NEW YORK, Jan. s.—The torpedo
boat Gregory, built by Lewis Nixon
at Perth Amboy, N. J., for the Rus
sian Government, left New York har
bor this afternoon, passing Sandy
Hook outward bound. It has been re
peatedly reported that the Gregory
would go to Russia nnder her own
power.
«
War News Continued on Page 2.
THE San Francisco CALL
Bard's, Managers Expect to Bring
About a Conference When He Ar
rives From Nation's Capital.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. s.—The dullest
Senatorial campaign ever conducted in
Sacramento is just beginning to give
some signs of animation. At last the
members of the Legislature from the
south comprehend that if they do not
speedily adjust their differences of
opinion and consolidate their entire
forces in the support of one candidate
the legislators from Central and North
ern California will hand the toga to
George A. Knight or Arthur G. Fisk.
There are inaications to-night that
measures wiil be taken soon to bring
together all the conflicting forces in
the ranks of southern Republicans. Ac
cessions to the Knight column have a
tendency to accelerate the negotiations.
There is elation at Knight s iuad
quarters and depression in another
camp over a report, which is generally
accepted as authentic, that James Gil
lis, State Librarian, has captured and
transferred to Knight the Sacramento
delegation of three members—Senator
James >A. McKee and Assemblymen
Charles O. Busick and Frank J.
O'Brien. Oldtiir.ers assert that a Sac
ramento delegation can see a railroad
programme earlier, catch it quicker
and hold it longer than can any other
aggregation of statesmen in the land.
Hence some special significance is at
tached to the attitude t>f the Sacra
mento representatives. All this leadd
to a surmise that the gilded brick which
Herrin has molded will bear the initials
"F. P. F.\" instead of "G. A. K."
The Flint boomers do not conteniDlate
the candidacy of Knight with serene
complaisance. They complain with
some degree of justice that their candi
date has been hammered because Jere
Burke, John Mackenzie and Walter
Parker of the Southern Pacific political
staff are espousing Flint's candidacy,
and after the hammering another aspi
rant for the Senatorial toga succeeds to
the favor of the corporation. Judge
Dibble, who is here as George Knight's
chief of staff, insists that Herrin is
keeping "hands off" as between Flint
and Knight, but the railroad blanket of
neutrality does not cover Senator Bard,
who is exposed to the merciless ele
ments of corporate disfavor. Bard has
done something or there is apprehen
sion that he will do something to incur
the displeasure of Herrin. Lynch.
Burke,' Parker and Mackenzie are ex
pected to hammer Bard until he is
driven from the field and then Herrin
will step in and say to the Republicans
of the Legislature, "My hands are off.
You can give the Senatorshio to mv
candidate of the north or my candi
date of the south."
When Senator Bard arrives in Sacra
mento steps will be taken to bring
about a conference of the leading Re
publicans of Southern California.
Frank P. Flint openly asserts that he
would sacrifice his own personal ambi
tions rather than that the south should
lose the Senator. Henry T. Oxnard
stands ready to cast the weight of his
influence for harmony on the Senator
ship in the south. It is said that Sen
ator Bard, whose ambitions are not in
tense, will be as magnanimous as his
competitors are. The importance of
harmony and a consolidation of all the
Republican forces in the south were
topics dwelt upon at a conference be
tween Dr. Rowell and Oxnard this aft
ernoon.
Senator Will Visit Sacramento and
Meet Members of Legislature.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6. — United
States Senator Bard Is supposed to be
on his way to Sacramento to enter in
person the Senatorial fight. He tele
graphed on Wednesday that he would
stavt to-night, and if he did so he may
be expected in the California Capitol on
Monday next. The Senator's managers
felt that his interests demanded his
presence here and that he owed it to
those legislators who had never seen
him, but who wanted to vote for him
jan opportunity to size him up before
• they did so. The managers say they
[ are not in any way afraid of the result
of the "sizing up." They telegraphed
1 him on Tuesday that, in their opinion
|he should be here. The message being
,of a most urgent nature and calling for
an immediate reply. Bard's managers
waited for an answer, but yesterday
! went by and none came. To-day was
I nearly done, and still there was no
! word. The Bard people wondered what
was wrong. This evening State Senator
| Rowell of the Bard headquarters hap-
I pened to be in a hotel other than the
i one where the headquarters ,are and
looked over tha telegrams In the "R"
box, thinking one intended for him
might have been sent to that house by
mistake. There he found a telegram
from Senator Bard opened. it had
come yesterday morning and had lain
in the box nearly two days after being
read by some one it was not intended
for.
Senator Bard announced in the tele
gram that he would start for Califor
nia Thursday night unless the irriga
tion and statehood legislation, which
was then occupying his attention, de
tained him too long.
The opening of the telegram and the
failure to put it in the hands of Rowell
earlier are in keeping with some other
SENATORIAL
BATTLE IS
STILL TAME
Forces of Southland
Not United on a
• Candidate.
Likely to Lose the Toga
Unless They Adjust
'Differences.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BARD IS COMING BACK.
Continued on Page 3, Column* S.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY,
RIVER IMPROVEMENT PLAN IS ADOPTED
MEN WHO WERE ATTENDANTS AT THE DELIBERATIONS YESTERDAY OF THE RIVER IMPROVEMENT AND DRAIN
AGE ASSOCIATION OF CALIFORNIA IN THIS CITY AND WHO TOOK A PROMINENT PART IN THE PROCEEDINGS
WHEN PLANS WERE CONSIDERED FOR RECLAMATION OF LARGE VALLEY AREAS rautnnwHus
CONGRESS
BALKS THE
PRESIDENT
No Railroad Rate
Legislation at
Present
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
CALL BUREAU. POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.—Railroad rate
legislation is dead, so far as the pres
ent' session of Congress is concerned.
It was said by leaders in both branches
to-day that nothing could be done, no
matter how much President Roosevelt
may desire it or how much he may
urge It.
The collapse of the campaign for gov
ernment supervision of railroad rates
takes away from the present session
I the only real live question which prom-
I ised at one time to keep Congress agi
tated. When the President gave up all
j hope of having something done in the
■ line of tariff revision, he had reason to
believe something might be accom
plished in railroad legislation. But this
has now gone the way of tariff revi
{ sion.
! The present situation has been
! brought about by an utter failure to
I come to an agreement on the form of
legislation. The belief was expressed.
! both in administration circles and in
I Congress, that something should be
done at once to remedy the evil point
ed out in the President's message, but
only on this point was there any agree
ment. When it came to methods, not to
say the phraseology of the bill to be
presented, there were almost as many
different views as members of the
Cabinet and leaders in Congress.
Senator Elkins had another confer
ence with the President to-day, but on
coming from the White House he
would not say that there was any
chance for action on a railroad bill in
the near future.
ANUARY 6, 1905.
THE River Improvement and Drainage Association of California reached a unanimous agreement yes
terday regarding a plan for the improvement of the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers and the
reclamation of i ,000,000 acres of land that annually are menaced by floods. It was estimated that
when reclamation is permanently affected the value of $ 100,000,000 will be added to the taxable property
ot the State. The report of a board of engineers was accepted as a working basis.
FINDS NEW
SATELLITE
OF JUPITER
Important Discov
• cry at Lick Ob
servatory.
Special Dispatch to Tbe CalL
SAN JOSE, Jan, s.—Lick Observatory
has discovered a sixth satellite of Jupi- ]
ter. The discovery was made by Pro
fessor Perrine by means of the Cross
ley reflector and is the result of a sys
tematic search begun early in De
cember.
On photographs taken at that time
of the region west of Jupiter the image
of an unknown body, which changed
its position nightly, was found by Per
rine. Since then investigations have
been carried on to decide whether it
was a satellite or one of the asteroids.
During the present week observations
have been made which leave no doubt
that the body is revolving around the
planet. Last night it was forty-five
minutes of an arc due west of the
planet and the distance is now increas
ing slowly.
The satellite is of the fourteenth
magnitude, and to detect it requires a
telescope as large as ten or twelve
inches in diameter.
The orbit of this moon cannot be de
termined until observations extending
over many weeks have been obtained.
However, Professor Perrine says it is
five or six times farther from the
planet than is the outermost of the five
satellites previously known, and it is
possible that the period of revolution
around the planet is from six to eight
months.
The observations that led to the dis
covery of the satellite were the first
made with the Crossley reflector since
it has been provided with a modern
mounting. This Is the second satellite
discovered at Lick Observatory.
Jupiter's four very bright satellites
were discovered by Galileo in 1610, but
GARFIELD
GOES AFTER
BEEF TRUST
Personal Inquiry to
Be Conducted in
Chicago.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
CHICAGO. Jan. s.—Following the
charges made by Attorney General
Moody that the packers were in a con
spiracy to control the market of the na
tion for fresh meat, it was learned to
day that Secretary Garfield of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor is
coming to Chicago to begin an investi
gation in person. The packers are much
agitated over the news.
It is said Secretary Garfield is* anx
ious to have the Federal courts nass
on the question of whether he can com
pel the packers to produce their books
and submit to* direct examination on
the witness stand as to the methods
they follow in business.
At the annual meeting of the stock
holders of Swift & Co. to-day Presi
dent Lewis F. Swift said:
"It is needless for me to say to those
present, who are more or less familiar
with the facts, that the reports In cir
culation about the 'beef trust' are
without foundation. There is absolute
ly no conspiracy or combination to con-
S trol either the purchase of livestock or
the sale of meats or packing-house
products. On the other hand, the Dack
lng industry is subject to the severest
kind of competition, both in buying
and selling, and the per cent of profit
on sales in the packing Industry is less
than in other lines of business lust
now."
It was not until nearly 300 years after
ward, on September 9. 1892, that Pro
fessor £. E. Barnard discovered the
fifth with the Lick telescope. The fifth
and sixth satellites are of approximate
ly the same brightness.
TBE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR—"OId Heidelberg" '
CALIFORNIA —"Ton Tonson."
COLUMBIA—"SuItan of Sulu."
CENTRAL—"ChiId Slave* of New
York."
CHUTES—Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S —Vaudeville.
GRAND—' 'The Darling of the God a."
MAJESTIC—"HeId, by the Enemy."
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville.
TTVOLI—"King Dodo."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Steps Taken
to Interest
Legislature
Co-operation of the
Federal Power
Is Sought.
COST CONSIDERED
Important Meeting
Is Held at the
Palace.
HARMONY IN WORK
Unanimous Action
Is Taken After
Discussion.
The River Improvement and Drain
age Association of California, at a
meeting held yesterday at the Palace
Hotel, unanimously adopted a report of
its executive committee, in which a
plan was embodied for carrying out the
great work which is advocated by the
association. It was set forth in the re
port that 1,000,000 acres of land now
subject to ravages by floods in the val
leys' of California, by the rivers, can be
reclaimed, and that the increased value
of the land, for purposes of taxation,
will yield to the State an annual added
revenue of 1300,000. These statements
were based upon the report of a com
mission of engineers who visited the
great interior valleys and inspected the
rivers and their watersheds. The engi
neers are T. G. Dabney, Henry B. Rich
ardson, M. A. Nurse and H. M. Chit
tenden.
The report of the commission of engi
neers was before the River Improve
ment and Drainage Association in
pamphlets. One paragraph is as fol
lows:
"The direct benefits to the entire Sac
ramento Valley as the result of perfect
ing the plan of improvement in the
reclamation of about 1,000.000 acres of
extremely fertile land and placing it In
a position of assured safety from over
flow, together with direct and indirect
advantages to many associated inter
ests, must be expressed in a moneyed
valuation reaching at least $100,000,000,
which will assuredly justify the cost of
the work required to bring about these
results."
It was estimated that the works pro
posed by the board of engineers will
cost something like $24,000,000. The
works are, as planned, to consist of
channel rectification and pnlarsrement
by the point action of natural and me
chanical agencies and also the gradual
concentration and confinement of the
volume of floods of the rivers and the
lesser streams of the Sacramento Val
ley between lines of levees so located
"as to ultimately provide ample chan
nel area for transporting all the flood
volume."
In the meantime, until such channel
rectification shall have been secured,
the engineers suggest that "relief will
be afforded the levees by introduction
of escapement weirs to temporary by
pass channels for conducting the floods
through the basins."
Concerning the engineering plans
there was no discussion at yesterday's
meeting. Some talk took place regard
ing the means proposed by the execu
tive committee of the River Improve
ment and Drainage Association to se
cure funds to carry on the great works.
COMMITTEE SUGGESTIONS.
The executive committee suggested,
briefly expressed, that the lands within
the drainage district should pay one
third of the cost, the State to pay one
third and the Federal Government one
third, but also recommended that a
method of officially determining the
cost to be borne by the different inter
ests should be provided. Nothing can
be done, so it was set forth, to affect
the regimen of the rivers without the
consent of the Federal Government,
and Joint action of the State and Fed
eral Governments should be secured as
the first step. Therefore it was pro
posed by the executive committee that
the Legislature should be asked to rec
ommend to Congress the adoption of a
joint resolution authorizing the ap
pointment of a board of three engineers
of the United States army to examine
and report upon the report recently
submitted by the board of engineers
that viewed the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers.
A minority report was filed by Charles
Wesley Reed and E. A. Walcott. Reed
made the principal speech in support of
the contention in the minority report
that the way to proceed directly was
to have a constitutional amendment
submitted to the people in regard to the
action that will be necessary to raise
the State's share of the more than $20,
--000,000 to be expended. This caused
some rather warm discussion, but in
the end, after the minority report had
been rejected, Reed and Walcott voted
to make the action of the association
'Continued on Page 2, Column t»2
NOGI CLASPS
THE HAND OF
HIS LATE FOE
Meeting Between Japanese
General and Stoessel.
Prisoners Are M arshaled
PORT ARTHUR. Jan. 6. —A meeting
between General Stoessel and General
Nogi took place to-day at Shulshi vil
lage. Noon was the hour fixed for the
meeting, but owing to a misunder
standing of the time General Stoessel
arrived at 10:30 o'clock and was re
ceived by a lieutenant. General Stoes
sel remained at Plumtree cottage until j
II o'clock, when General Nogi arrived j
with his staff. The two generals met in :
a room of the cottage and after an ex- ■
change of greetings held a long con
ference. When they emerged from the I
cottage they shook hands and General i
• Stoessel mounted his horse and re- j
turned to Port Arthur.
• LONDON, Jan. 6.—Special dispatches; :
•from Tokio say that the Port Arthur •
garrison was marshaled at 9 o'clock on 1
Thursday morning at Yahutsui in ac- j
cordance with the terms of the supple- j
°mentary agreement.
The Standard's Port Arthur corre- j
spondent reports that the town appears :
to have been little damaged by the I
. bombardment. Carriages and ricka- ,
shas, he says, are moving about with |
well-dressed persons, who apparently
are anything but "starved. The ruined |
forts resemble hills shaken by a
mighty convulsion, and in many cases
every trace of the works has disap
peared.
. TOKIO, Jan. 5.—-A report from Gen
•al Nogi's headquarters, which was
received to-day, largely increases the
figures of the surrendered garrison, and
. intimates that the force handed over
tn the Japanese will be H2.000, exclusive
.of 15.000 or 18.000 sick and wounded.
- making a rough total of 48,000. The re
port is as follows:
Vs previously reported the transfer of the
i-i.jecte mentioned, in article 2 of the capitula
tion compact took place on January 4 ami the
transfer .ot the forts and batteries has been
c mpleted.
The prisoners will lie assembled at the Mace
appointed on January T>. but the investlgatl. n
relating to these prisoners is so complicated I
that the result cannot !>e rejiorted at present. |
" • . Reports received up to data are as follows:
Kieht generals, four admirals, fifty-seven oof- j
oriels and majors. ion captains and command
ort Ml arms captains ami lieutenants. 200
na\al lieutenants and naval officials. 99 army
Officials 169 surgeons. 2i» chaplains; of the
' • rank and file of the army. 22.414; of the rank
and file of the navy, 4,j00; army non-com
''..itants. SStf; naval non-combatants. oOO:
'total, :i2.207.
Besides these there are ahm t 1.1.000 or 16,900
... k and wounded in the hospitals. The vol
unteers are chiefly included in the list of nnn
romhatants. ___ —
one hundred saddle horses and 1«»." draft
. horses were surrendered.
The Japanese naval officers have not ■■
examined the sunken warships at Port .
Arthur, and nothing is known of their j
condition and possibility for further
use. The Japanese are keenly anxious
° to know the condition of the sunken
ships, and it is believed some of them
are salvable. The Russians ingenious- ■
ly blocked the drydock. They towed
the transport Amur inside the dock,
blew her up so that she partly turned
turtle and sank side-wise, and then de- |
stroyed the dock gate. Th;' Russians j
turned over to the Japanese ten small J
steamers available for immediate use.
All the Other craft had been sunk.
The work of clearing away the mines
commenced as soon as the Russian
charts provided tor In the capitulation
agreement were delivered to the Jap
anese.
Tho official figures giving the Rus
fcinn and Japanese losses at Port Ar
thur are not yet available.
PREPARING FOR BATTLE.
Japanese Reinforcements Concentrate
Above Liaoyang.
HUANSHAN. Manchuria. Jan. 5. —
Japanese reinforcements are now
concentrating around Benshiu, thirty
miles northeast of Liaoyang. This
' ■ fact, taken in conjunction with the
reports of the completion of the rail
. roads in Korea arid the bridge across
the Yalu River, indicates the Japanese
have again transferred their attention
to the right Hank. Meanwhile they
are continuing the erection of forti
fications north and west. The Japan
ese continue to bombard Poutiloff
Hill and the villages west of it.
WARSHIPS OFF MANILA.
Japanese Vessels Cruising in the
Waters «f the Philippines.
MANILA. Jan. s.—Steamships re-
AJ>V£UVriSI£MJ£XTS.
<£haB.&cUu* tr Ota.
Exclusive
Jlifjb'iSrafte Clothiers
No Branch Stores and No Agents.
FAULTLESS DRESSERS
BUY CLOTHES HERE.
THEY KNOW THE POINTS
THAT INDIVIDUALIZES.
THE MANNER OF DRESS
IS QUITE AN ART,
AND WE KNOW SOMETHING.
We never have
a sale here.
But ! 111 l 11
IhurUia Stock
1 1 ( (
turning here from the south report a
Japanese cruiser patrolling San Ber
nardino Straits.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon the Jap
anese cruiser Takansi approached the
entrance to Manila harbor. When
signaled, asking if she intended to '
enter, the answer was in the negative, j
She refused to state where she was
from or whither she was proceeding ;
| and put to sea under full steam. '
LEARNS HIS WIFE IS ALIVE
THROUGH DIVORCE SUMMONS
■
Lcgnl Document Tells Canadian of j
Womnn He Had Not Seen in
Five Years.
OTTAWA, Ontario, Jan. 5. —Ed-
ward O'Reilly of Ottawa has heard
from his wife, from whom he has been
separated Aye years. The news came
in the form of a notice calling on him
to appear in an action for absolute di
vorce brought by Mrs. Eliza O'Reilly
in the Superior Court of the county
of Los Angeles, Cal. Sheriff McLaeh
lan served the notice, but as Unltext
Stiites divorces are not recognized by ,
Canadian courts O'Reilly will ignore
the matter entirely.
Five years ago at Aylmer, Quebec, j
Judge Fulconbridge gave judgment in |
B.n action brought by O'Reilly for the
custody of two children, issue of cue
marriage of Mr. and Mrs. O'Reilly. :
The woman not wishing to comply,
went to Winnipeg and then to Los An- t
geles, where she entered action for di- |
vcrce.
■ ♦ ■ . i
MAY CALL UPON WOMEN
TO SERVE THE STATE
Proposition Advanced by Dr. Ida Hil- i
sicker Receives Serious Consid- j
oration in Germany. .
BERLIN". Jan. 5.—A number of I
representative German papers are dis- j
cussing with all seriousness the propo
sition of Dr. Ida Hilsicker of Zurich, •
that women be called upon to serve
the State one year after the analogy
of the military service of men.
The majority do not go as far as ;
Dr. Hilsicker in demanding compul- !
sory service, pointing out that the
cost N prohibitive, but suggesting that j
a year of voluntary service might have !
many advantages, especially educa
tional and disciplinary.
The state, it is argued, could utilize
women in army hospitals, asylums,
public nurseries and also to train in I
the household arts.
SHIPPING DEAL OF MUCH
IMPORTANCE IS COMPLETED
Alaska Packing and Navigation Com
pany Sell* Four Steamers to Uie
Northwestern Commercial
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. s.—By the j
terms of the deal which was com- j
pleted here to-day four of the steam- !
ers belonging to the Alaska Packing j
«nd Navigation Company operated on i
the run between this city and Valdez j
passed into the hands of the North- j
Western Commercial Company, the I
purchase price being $400,000. It was I
stated to-night that the steamers, 1
which are the Santa Clara, Santa
I Anna, Dora and Excelsior, would be
I continued on their present run for
the time being. The deal is consid
ered of much importance by local
shipping men.
PRINCE'S WEDDING GIFT
IS VALUED AT $123,000
One Hundred Prussian Cities Contrib
ute Toward the Cost of Mag*
nificent Silver Service.
BERLIN, Jan. s.—The joint wed
ding gift of one hundred cities of
Prussia to Crown Prince Frederick
and the Duchess Cecelia of Mecklen
burg Schwerin, on the occasion of
their approaching marriage, to which
i invitations to contribute were sent out
iby a committee of Mayors yesterday,
wil? represent about one cent from
each Prussian city dweller.
The present will be a silver table
service for fifty persons and of more
than a thousand pieces of original de
signs, costing $125,000. or $25,000
more than the similar gift to the im
perial pair in 1881.
FOREIGN MINISTER TITTONI
IS SUDDENLY STRICKEN
Diplomat Is Attacked by Apoplexy
While on a Hunting Trip
at Migione. I
ROME, Jan. s.—Foreign Minister
Tittoni, while attending a shooting
party with Embassador Meyer at Mi
gione, near Perugia, yesterday was
stricken by apoplexy. His condition is
reported grave. The following bul
letin was issued by the attending phy
sician to-night:
'Signor Tittoni is suffering from
cerebral congestion, produced by a
cold and from congestion of the right
lung. Pulse, 135; temperature. 101;
respiration, 38. Prognosis is reserved.
"MAZZONI."
United States Thanks Russia.
$T. PETERSBURG, Jan. s.—Count
Cassini, the Russian Embassador to
Washington, has transmitted to the
Russian Government the thanks of
the United States for the good offices
rendered by Russia in adjusting with
Persia the question of the punishment
of the murderers of the American
missionary, Rev. B. W. Labbarree, son
of Rev. Benjamin D. Labbarree, at
Urumla, Persia, in April last. Persia
has similarly acknowledged Russia's
services.
Overdue Ship's Buoys Found.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Jan. 6.—Two life
buoys marked "Edith and Mary, Glas
gow," have been found off Cape St.
Marys. They probably belong to the
Iron bark of that name which left
Ascension September 1 for St. Johns
and is now 113 days unreported. It
Is feared she was lost on Cape Marys
with her whole crew, probably ten
man.
Moore Attack British Consul's Home.
TANGIER, Morocco, Jan. s.—The
British Consul's residence outside this
city was attacked by Insurgents last
night Guards drove the attackers
away.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. JANUARY (>, 11)05.
APPORTION THE BURDEN
PARTIES CONCERNED
ARE TO CARRY.
SHARE OF EACH INTEREST IS ONE THIRD
Commissions Are Provided For to Con
duct Operations on Streams in Detail.
The report of the executive commit
tee of the River Improvement and
Drainage Association of California is
given in full herewith. The principal
points contained in it refer to the cost
and apportionment of . the work to be
performed and contain a declaration
that there can be no question that the
burden must be divided between the
Federal and State governments and the
land owners; sots up that Fed
eral Government belongs the "preserva
tion of the navigability of the rivers
and the restoration of channels and to
prevent the escape of water from the
rivers; estimates the gain that will
accrue to the State under a great
reclamation plan: recommends that
one-third of the expense shall be car
ried by the Federal Government, one
third by the State and one-third by
the property owners; adopts the recom
mendation of the engineers as to the
basis of river improvement; provides
for a drainage district to include with
in its'boundaries the territory shown
in the map submitted by the engineers;
also provides for a board of river con
trol of two members to have charge
of the construction of levees and chan
nels In connection with the disposition
of flood waters and their care; also a
drainage commission of eleven mem
bers who will appoint assessors
to assess upon the land with
in the drainage district charges
proportioned to benefits; asserts
that it is of great importance that
the entire funds needed shall be guar
anteed from the start; recommends
that any appropriation of money by the
State shall be conditional upon appro
priation by the Federal Government;
urges immediate action upon the ex
ecutive committee.
The text in full of the executive com
mittee's report is as follows:
Your executive committee, appointed at the
oioee of the convention held In San f«nclac?.
May 28 and 24 last, begs to submit the fol
lO furt'herance n ln of the resolutions passed at
the convention three eminent engineers resid
ing out ot the State of California were ap
pointed to submit n comprehensive plan of
river Improvement, the State engineer co-op
erating with the»c three gentlemen.
The State Is to be congratulated on the
character of the cm mission of engineers thus
organized, and your commute* does not hesi
tate to express its fullest belief that the re
port presented by this commission cannot fail,
if carried out in its essential features, to solve
effectively ana permanently the problem or
river reform.
In anticipation of this report your commit
tee has spent much time and effort in the en
deavor to arrive at an equitable and Just ap
portionment of the estimated cost of the
work. '
That the burden roust be divided between
the Federal and State governments and the
landowners there can be no Question.
The navlgatton pf the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers is a matter purely within the
jurisdiction of the Federal Government, and its
I protection is a burden that the Federal Gov-
I rnment has in ail cases assumed. At an early
period the Sacramento River was susceptible
of ravtgatlon throughout it? entire course in
the Sacramento Valley and the Feather River
was navigated as far as Marysvllle. From
various or.uses the channels of these rivers
have been obstructed and filled with sediment.
Both the navigability and the flood carrying
capacity ot the rivers have been seriously im
paired This condition has arisen from the
failure of the State and Federal governments
ito protect and maintain the channels, and in
iustlee to the State of California the Federal
Government should contribute to the Joint
fund it is hoped to create, the object of which
will be not only to lestore the channels to the
\ condition they were In before impairment, but
I add to their capacity to such an extent as
1 shall justify reclamation of the lands through
which thoy flow.
To do this, and maintain them in future,
the report of the engineers shows plainly the
work necessary to be done. It will be neces
sary to prevent the escape of water from the
river and to concentrate the flow within the
channels in order to provide sufficient current
Ito remove the sediment which has already
: accumulated and to prevent deposit in the
| future.
| There, ia an additional burden that should
j be borne by the Federal Government, and that
jl» the correction and improvement of the
I channels, so aa to make them more servlce-
J able for navigation.
Commerce i.« rapidly increasing and the
I valleys are becoming more productive, and
I this calls for some consideration on the part
lot the Federal Government to make provi
sions for moving the product. The burden of so
i doing is one that the Federal Government has
; assumed throughout the United States, and
we can see no reason why it should not be
adopted on the Pacific Coast.
STATE IS INTERESTED.
The State is interested In this work for
j many reasons. The lands already partially
I reclaimed within the valleys will "be saved
I from recurrence of the disastrous flood? that
i have heretofore periodically devastated them,
j A large area of land that is now useless and
! unoccupied will be placed In a condition to
j make its reclamation possible, will afford
homes for increasing population and add to
the products of the State to an enormous ex
: tent. It is estimated that 1.000.000 acres ot
the richest land in California can be safely
ana permanently reclaimed and an average of
; WW- an acre added to its value. The reeiama-
I tion of some of this land has already b»en
' attempted, but part of its has been allowed
'to lapse entirely and more of it la subjected
|to occasional overflow and an insignificant
I proportion only can be looked upon aa being
I permanertly reclaimed. •
The increased value of the land for pur
i poses of taxation at the present rate of tax
, ation on the land alone would add to the
revenue of the State- at least $250,000 annually,
iln addition to this opening of the land to
settlement and cultivation will necessarily re
quire the erection of improvements upon the
land and the acquisition of personal property
for the purpose of cultivation and manage
ment. This will easily add another $50,000 to
1 the revenues of the State, making a total of
; $;)00,000 per annum that the State will de
j rive in benefits —and this benefit will be per
petual.
Indirectly the State will gain largely from
I the progress of so Important a work. The
1 entire coat of the work will be spent right
here in California; employment will be found
for ft large force of men. a large fleet of
dredgers will have to be built and operated.
Vast quantities of fuel will be required for
power; freighting supplies will of iteelf be ft
.large Item. Subsequently the magnificent ter- 1
ritory developed, all susceptible of intense and
varied.cultivation, will be sending through the
channels of commerce o splendid contribution
to the product of the State.
LAND OWNERS' SHARE.
A portion of the expense should undoubtedly
Ibe paid by assessment upon the lands to be
i benefited, for the reason that they will be
enhanced In value.
A somewhat exaggerated estimate of the
probable enhancement has become current. It
is sometimes suggested that a great part of
■ tha cost of the proposed work should be borne
by the lands because of the greatly Increased
value to be given to them. Values of $100 and
$160 an acre are sometimes talked of. and it
Is forgotten that the high value of some re
claimed tracts of thia State has been reached
by added improvements of houses, barns, good
roads and tbe growth of important settlements,
with their hotels, poatofflcea, etc. Moreover
the high estimation of the value of lands la
rather an anticipation of the value It may
have when we have ft large population and
assured markets for the product of intenae
cultivation. But w« think the price that Is
realized In tbe aelling of large tracts of land
cornea approximately near establishing their
value and the following statement of facta
should be considered before accepting; tha more
picturesque estimate of value:
The upper division of Roberta Island, con
tatnlnrfl 12,000 acres, was cold In farms In
1888-1889 after reclamation, at an average
price of $30 per acre. •
The lower division of Roberta Island, con
taining 13.000 acre*, was sold in farms la
1892-1897 after reclamation, at an average
price of $80 per acre.
Some 4000 acres of land on Grand Island
were sold in farms between the years 1890
--| 1901. after reclamation, at prices averaging $00
, per acre.
The land is undoubtedly lntrinaically worth
more than the prices detailed—that Is to say.
It will pay Interest on higher valuations, but
the element of risk recognized is a potent fac
tor in determining Its selling value.
VALUE TO BE ADDED.
A conservative estimate of tho additional
value to be added to the lands by complete
reclamation is $50 per acre. Thia at first
would seem to be such an advantage that the
lands could well afford to bear a large pro
portion of the burden, but we must bear in
mind that this Increased valuation will not be
produced solely by the expenditure of the
money contemplated by the report of the en
gineers. When ail the work has been done, as
contemplated by the report, the lands will still
he only partially reclaimed, or to be more ex
act, this work is to-Justify the further work
necessary to reclaim the lands. There will be
an additional expense pumping plants, etc..
the entire coat of which will fall upon the land
owners.
While It |g Just that the Federal Government
should restore the original natural condition
of the channels, and that the State. In pursu
ance of iv undertaking with the Federal Gov
ernment to reclaim the awamp lands, should
supplant this with such additional work as
sliuuhl give control of flood water, still It must
be constantly borne in mind that to Create con- i
dltlons which will render possible the recla
mation of private lands by their owners at
their own expense Is all that can be asked of
either, and everything for direct land reclama
tion must be eliminated from the estimates
before determining the share of the burden the
State and Federal governments shall be asked
to bear.
, PLAN OF ORGANIZATION.
For the execution of the work and the ad
ministration of the funds, your committee rec
ommends the tullowlng plan of organization:
That the recommendations of the engineers
appointed by the State bu adopted as the basis
of river Improvement.
That a drainage district be formed at the
prevent session nf the Legislature to include
within its boundaries the territory shown by
the map of the commission of engineers.
That a board oi rtVSf control ite created,
consisting of two mrniliers, one selected by the
State of California and one by the Drainage
Commission hereinafter mentioned. The board
of river control to have charge of the con
struction of such leveen and channels as are
intended to do duty in disposing of flood wat
ers, and thereafter control the said levees and
channels, such hoard of river control to act In
conjunction with such board or officer aa may
be hereafter designated by the Federal Gov
ernment.
The member of said board of river control
selected by the State to be a civil engineer.
A drainage commission for the district con
sisting of eleven members shall be elected by
the land owners of said district: three from
Sacramento COUBty, two from San Joaquin
County, one from Placer and Yuba Jointly, one
from Glenn and Butte jointly, one from Sut
ter, one from Colusa, one from Yolo, one fr*»m
Solano.
TCaeh bona fide owner of lands in. the district
shall be entitled to vote In iierson or by proxy
for the election of members of tbe drainage
commission at meetings to be held at desig
nated places every four years and shall have
the right to cast one vote for each $1 worth of
real estate Owned by him or her in the dis
trict, the value thereof to be determined from
the next prcedlng assssment roll of the county,
and a majority of the votes cast at such elec
tion shall elect.
I.and belonging to the estate of any Infant
owner may be represented b' - the guardian of
the estate or such Infant, and that belonging
to the estate of any deceased owner by his
executor or administrator.
The drainage commission shall apporftt three
assessors wljo shall not be owners of or Inter
ested in land embraced In the district.
THE LAND.
The Assessors shall assess upon the land
within the district a charge proportionate to
the estimated cost of the work according to
the benefits to be derived therefrom and shall
make a list of the charges so assessed against
the land in each county separately; the As
sessors shall return said lists to the drainage
commission, which shall appoint a time and
;>lace in each county and give notice thereof
In some newspaper published in said county
for a hearing. At such hearing any landhold
er dissatisfied with the assessment may ap
pear before the ucmmlssion and file objections
thereto. '?h a commission shall take evidence.
If any is offered, and shall decide upon the
merits of the objections so made and the de
cision of the commission shall be final.
The drainage commission shall have power
to form new reclamation districts within said
drainage district and change the boundaries
of any district when necessary or desirable for
the promotion of better reclamation.
They shall have charge and control of all
matters of reclamation In said district affect-
Ini; the public safety and welfare, outside of
those placed in charge of the board of river
control, and excepting those conferred upon
the trustees of reclamation districts.
All existing reclamation districts to be con
tinued as they are now formed, until changed
by the Drainage Commission. Those now ex
isting and those hereafter created to nave
local Jurisdiction aa now provided by law,
excepting so far as such Jurisdiction may be
affected by powers conferred upon the Board
of Rtver Control and upon the Drainage Com
mission.
The i ost of constructing the works that are
to be placed in charge of the Board of River
Control to be paid as follows: One-third by
assessment upon the lands within the drainage
district: one-third by the State, and one-third
by the Federal Government.
The assessment to be placed upon the lands
to v be apportioned thereon acordlng to the bene
fits received; that is to say."work exclusively
benefiting any particular locality must be as
sessed solely upon the land situated therein.
All the money collected from assessments
upon the lands shall be deposited in the State
treasury.
NEED ENTIRE FUND.
We strongly urge that the recommendation
of the engineers that '"the entire funds for
the work should be guaranteed from the
start" is of great Importance, to prevent pos
sibility of the work being commenced and
money expended that would produce no re
sults unless the work were completed.
Aay appropriation made by the State shall
be conditional upon appropriation by the Fed
eral Government and assessment on the lands
of an additional sum sufficient' to complete
the work, and all assessments levied upon land
of the district shall be made available and
only on the condition that the State and Fed
eral governmenta shall make appropriations
sufficient, to furnish tbe additional funds to
meet the entire coat. —
While we recommend the foregoing specific
i division of the cost, we recognize that there
are too many conflicting opinions to permit
a hasty conclusion and therefore suggest a
method of officially determining the propor
tion ot coat to be borne by tbe different in
terests. • • . .
As the State can do absolutely nothing af
fecting the regime of the rivers without the
consent of the Federal authorities and *s. in
any event. Joint , action by the State and Fed
eral governments is essential' to the solution
of th- problem, the first step must necessarily
be" to secure auch co-operative action.
To that end we recommend that the executive
> committee be- authorised to memorialize tbe
I Legislature In the name of the association,
,to recommend to Congress the passage of a
joint resolution appointing a board consisting
of three engineers of the Cnited States army
for the purpose of making an examination
and report on the report recently submitted
by a commiaßion of engineers appointed by
the State of California, for the improvement
of the Sacramento 'and San Joaquin rivers and
eatimating the cost of restoring and improving
the -original navigable capacity of said rivers.
Such project shall Include all necessary rec
tification, straightening, deepening and widen
ing of said stream, as well as the construction
iof any levee system or systems that may be
I required to rectify the river and provide means
■of escape of the flood wave to tidewater, hay
, Ini in view not only the interests of naviga
tion, but also those of flood control and rec
lamation.
Said board, so far as practicable, shall work
In harmony with any engineers, commissioners
or officers representing the State of California.
I * -r>
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
THE NEW
GRAHAM BISCUITS,
Made by tbe
MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
PLAN ADOPTED
FOR IMPROVING
LARGE RIVERS
Continued From Page 1, Column 7,
unanimous iv the adoption of the ma-
Jorlty report.
With the adoption of the majority re
port the work of the association for the
day was about ended. Congressman
McKlnlay pYomised to give assistance
in Congress. P. J. Van Loben Bels an
nounced that measures ha 4 been taken
to have the California Legislature tn
terested at once. Thanks were voted to
the executive committee and to Rufus
P. Jennings, the president of the asso
ciation, for services
Among those who took parf, In the
proceedings were: C. B. Clark of Stock
ton; who Introduced resolutions that
were adopted presenting as the voice
of the association the recommendations
of the executive committee; Charles
Wesley Reed, E. A. Walcott, A. Sbar
boro. J. Parker Whitney of Rocklln. A.
G. Park of Hanford, P. J. Van Loben
Sels, Thomas Magee Jr.. A. L. Shinn of
Sacramento, General Will S. Green of
Colusa, John W. Ferris, Samuel Frank
enheimer and George W. Tatterson of
Stockton. The resolutions that were
adopted instructed the executive com
mittee to proceed to carry out the as
sociation's recommendations at once to
secure State and Federal co-operation.
JENNINGS' ADDRESS.
At the opening of the proceedings
yesterday President Rufus P. Jennings
made an address. In part he said:
"It is impracticable at this time to
go into all of the details of the work !
that has been done by the commitee. j
The necessity and importance of j
prompt action, however, is realized, '
and that the comprehensive report of '
the engineers now before us should be
carried out with all possible dispatch
is evident.
"We are menaced with a constant
danger and the sooner this danger is
averted the better. The points of con
troversy that have heretofore divided
forces and probably delayed conclusive
actions are all, I hope, finally disposed
of by the report 'of the commission of
engineers. Any one who studies care
fully the argument made by these
gentlemen which they arrive at their
final conclusions cannot fall to see that
most of the remedies previously sug
gested had their measure of jnerit. I
This shows what all of us have recog- '
nized that they were the conclusions j
of thinking men who were probably
not furnished with the elaborate de
tails from which the commission of, en
gineers worked.
seems» to me good reason has !
been shown why all controversial i
points should be abandoned, and aban- j
doned forever. Never again must our ;
efforts b» weakened by discussing the
several issues that have been settled by I
the report of the commission of en- j
gineers.
"There is much yet to be done. The
work has only commenced. That which i
is before us needs the help of every •
one, and it is believed that Californians
Will join together and carry out a plan
which i:i its benefits to the State are i
scarcely to be estimated. The ends de- j
sired, however, can only be accom
plished by concerted action, a setting j
aside of individual prejudices and even ;
personal interests. One for all and all
for one."
Willie Wise and Tommy Tuff Fool
Simple Sammy.
Sure enough, but only for a minute. ,
In Next Sunday's Call—Comic Section, j
WASHINGTON OFFICIALS
WILL PASS ON THE BIDS
Proposals Are Received at Phoenix
for Supplying Reclamation Ser
vice With Fuel Oil.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. s.—Bids were
opened at the headquarters of the
reclamation service here to-day for
furnishing 50,000 barrels of fuel oil
for the Roosevelt dam and they will
be referred to Washington for the
awarding. There were various propo
sitions submitted, including oil at the
supply point, or delivered at Roose
velt, at Mesa City and Globe, the near
est railroad points, and also on the
wagon haul. The lowest quotation at
the supply point was by the Union
Oil Company at 19 9-10 cents a barrel
at Bakersfleld. The lowest bid of oil
delivered at the dam was by C. R.
Eager & Co.. Los Angeles, of $3 48.
The lowest for delivery at Mesa City
by the Associated Oil Company, San
Francisco, $1 26; lowest wagon haul,
Wolf Sachs, Tempe, Ariz., $2 24%. The
cost of railroad freight to the Govern
ment if the oil Is bought in the field
apparently will be the determining
factor.
Missouri's New Senator.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 6, —
Thomas K. Niedringhaus, chairman of
I the Republican State Central Commit
i tee, to-night was nominated by the
! caucus of Republican legislators for
j United States Senator to succeed Fran-
Ids M. Cockrell. The nomination mi
i sures Ills election. Mr. Niedringhaus
lis a manufacturer of St. Louis.
In the premise*, with the view of arriving at
a common plan for the permanent improvement
of said river by State and nation conjunctively,
and apportioning the amounts of the cost to
be paid by the Federal and State governments,
respectively, and also that the executive com
mittee request the Legislature to provide for
the appointment by the Governor of a com
mittee of three to confer with the board ap
pointed by the Federal Government.
Further, that the said committee shall pro
ceed to Washington at the expense of the
State, to assist the California Congressional
delegation to eeour* the passage of said Joint
resolution, and also to otherwise promote the
interests of river Improvement In California.
Also that the committee of this State appoint
ed to act with th* Federal board be authorised
to act as a Stats commission in conjunction
with a commission of equal number to b* se
lected by the drainage district before men
tioned, for the apportionment between the
State and the drainage district, of the amounts
to be contributed by each.
Th« report was signed by Rufus P.
Jennings, M. J. Boggs, E. W. S. Woods.
P. J. Van Loben Sels, George W. Tat
terson, John W. Ferris, Samuel Frank
enhimer and Frank D. Ryan.
SAN FRANCISCO
WOMAN MISSING
Friends of Mrs. Augusta Dispute Over Custody of
Bishop Fear She Was Vie- Mrs. Chadwick Is Settled
tim of Colorado Murderer I by Federal Authorities
FIND NO TRACE OF HER
Anxiety Not Relieved by
Seeming Identification by
Mrs. fouton's Relatives
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Jan. 6.—Mrs. Augusta I.
Bishop, who came to Denver early last
year from San Francisco, may have
been the woman murdered on Mount
Cutler, near Colorado Springs, whose
body was found on the mountain on
December 17. Her friends In this city
are certain that ahe answers the de
scription of the dead woman In every
way, and are not shaken by the seem
ingly positive identification of the body
as that of Mrs. Bessie Bouton of Syra
cuse, N. Y.
Mrs. Bishop has not been heard from
since last June. Shortly before that
time she went to Colorado Springs. She
was engaged In selling hair and face
preparations, and when she left Den
ver about $300 worth of various prepa
rations were left in this city in the care
of Mrs. L. U. Jones, with whom she had
stopped. Mrs. Jones has not heard from
her and still has the goods. Mrs. Bish
op promised to return not later than
October. Her general description close
ly answers that of the victim of the
mysterious tragedy. Her hair was the
same color and her weight and age the
same.
When Mrs. Bishop came to Denver j
she said she came from San Francisco
and that her home was in California, i
She was retiring and unepmmunicative, :
and those who made her acquaintance!
learned little of her affairs. She did not
make money here, and went to Colo
rado Springs in a search for a new lo
cation.
Mrs. Jones sent a letter to Colorado
Springs several days ago addressed to
Mrs. Bishop. It was returned, the
postal authorities having been unable
to locate the woman.
While the identification of the body
found as that of Mrs. Bouton is strong, ;
there is enough doubt about it to cause 1
much anxiety among Mrs. Bishop's j
friends.
MICHIGAN CAPITALIST
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
Finding of Remains in River Clears i
Up Mystery of a Disappear
ance.
BATTLE CREEK. Mich.. Jan. 5.—
The body of Neil S. Phelps,' the capi- i
talist of this city who mysteriously -
disappeared a number of weeks ago,
and who was later supposed to have I
been located in British Columbia,
was found to-day badly decomposed
In the river here.
Phelps had been missing since Oc
tober last. In 1903 Phelps* affairs
be< Hine involved and he was given a
year ,in which to straighten out the
tangle. It was- JusJ: bejfore the expi
ration of this year that he disap
peared. It is believed he committed
suicide.
ADVERTISEMENTS-
Suitable for any room fjjw
and broad comfort
back. A strongly built chair of golden finish with cobbler seat.
$3.50 values. Special, $1.85.
j VERY LIBERAL CREDIT OF COURSE |
DEMONSTRATION
We are now showing, for the first time, our new and complete
Stove Department. We have the San Francisco agency for the pop
ular "Buck" Stoves and Ranges, the make that saves you Sc to 7c
per day on your fuel .bill.
To buy a stove that has been on the market—and given satisfac
tion—for 57 years—means that you are taking 110 chances in your
stove-buying at all. That is the record of Buck's.
$ 1.00 down
$1.00 a week irjrT 7 aftflngtes
For this king of all ' J <$SE&
Steel Ranges |j<gp |JSS O f[ Ng27
Good cooking brings hap- j1,,,,ig jffiftm, l\ g *Sr^ i
piness and contentment.
"Buck" Stoves and Ranges 1
are celebrated for their cook- HSSffT n
ing qualities. I
$1.00 will set one up in
your kitchen to-morrow
morning. Don't wait, order a 1
to-day. aS *^
NOW IN TOILS
OF UNCLE SAM
MARSHALS ON GUARD
Woman's Attorney Refused
Admission to Client's Cell
Despite Furious Objections
CLEVELAND, Jan. s.—As a result of
a dash between the Federal and coun
ty authorities that has been on since
Mrs. Cassis L. Chadwlok arrived In this
city from New York as to who had
jurisdiction over the prisoner's career
while she is in the County Jail, the
Federal authorities to-night definitely
stated that they would assume control
of the fair prisoner.
Two deputy United States Marshals
have alternated in the County Jail to
day, and to-night are guarding the way
to Mrs. Chadwick's cell. Not even her
| attorney, J. P. Dawley, was allowed to
see her to-day because he had not ob
tained permission from the Federal of
ficials. Dawley, who is a very prom
inent lawyer, asserted the prerogative
:of his calling to see his client, but a
powerful deputy marshal refused him
entrance to the women's corridor of tha
jail. Dawley was furious and said to
the marshal that if he had half as
much physical strength as he had de
termination he would throw the mar
i shal out of the window.
| The trunk belonging to Mrs. Chad
wick was opened to-day by Attorney
Louis Grossman. It contained only
j wearing apparel for Mrs. Chadwlck,
! consisting of four dresses and an en
tire suit of moleskin, the whole being
i worth. Mr. Grossman thought, perhaps
14000 or 15000.
SLAYER OF HIS SISTER
FOUND GUILTY BY JURY
Murderer Is Given lif'J Imprisonment
for Taking the- Life of
His Twin.
RISING SUN, Ind., Jan. 6.—James
Gillespie, who, with his sister, Mrs,
• Bell and Mr. and Mrs. Byron Bar*
i bour. was indicted for the murder of
; his twin sister, was found guilty to
night and sentenced to life imprison-
I ment. The other defendants are still
}to be tried. Miss Elizabeth Gillespie
| was shot and killed while within tha
of her home preparing to enter
tain a woman's literary club.
Colds Cause Sore Throat.
Laxative Bromo Quinine, the, world-wide Cold
and Grip remedy, removes the cauee. Call for
the full name and look for signature of E. W.
Grove. 25c. *
Would Make Polygamy a Crime.
BOISE. Idaho, Jan. 5. — Both
branches of the Legislature having or
ganized, the two houses met in joint
session to-day and received the mes
sage of Governor Gooding. The Gov
ernor advised that a law be passed
making polygamy a crime.
BOSTON. Jan. 5 —William U Doug-lan of
Brockton was Inaugurated Governor of Massa
chusetts to-day. Ke is the fourth Democrat
to hold that office within the past fifty years.SPEAKER OF HOUSE PRESCOTT DESERTS BARD AND JOINS FLINT
SAYS BARD WILL NOT WIN
Assemblyman From Redlands
Explains His Position.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAJCFINTO, Jan. s.—The first
sensation of the session same late to
night, when it was announced that
without warning or explanation
Speaker Frank C. Prescott had aban
doned the camp Of Senator Bard and
joined the forces of Frank P. Flint
in the Senatorial contest. Flint's sup
porters are elated over this acquisition
■if strength, though depression is not
j'oticeable at Bard's headquarters,
" where it is said that it was known two
• v ..eks ago, when Walter Parker saw
Herrin and programmed the Speaker
ship. Prescott, however, will not have
■it that way. He strenuously denies
that he was elected under a pledge to
his constituents to support Bard first
and last, and asserts that he entered
the contest with diametrically op
posite views, based on the fact that
to develop an issue it was necessary for
him to act independently, as his Dem
ocratic opponent was an avowed Bard
supporter.
Speaker Prescott was located at the
heme of friends and readily consented
.to explain, over the telephone, his posi
tion.
V'Yes, it is true," he said, "that I have
announced myself in favor of the can
didacy of Mr. Flint. I did this, how
ever, only after a thorough study oi
the situation and mature deliberation.
I am now confident that Senator Bard
has not a ghost of a show to succeed
himself and my belief that he has been
eliminated from the race resulted in
my being in favor of Mr. Flint. I pro
ceeded «. n the belief that if we all get
behind Mr. Flint we can elect him. It
is necessary that Southern California
be recognized and that we elect a Sen
ator this time from our district. We
cannot re-elect Bard, so I am going to
do all I can to elect Mr. Flint. I know-
Mr. Flint very well; we have been
friends for some time and I am thor
oughly familiar with his record. Men
tally, morally and socially he is all
that could be desired and would honor
California in the Senate of the United
States."
"Were you elected by voters that
were under the impression that you
were pledged to Bard?" was asked.
"No, I was not," answered the
Speaker. "While it is true that during
the campaign the San Bernardino Sun
printed an article the headlines of
which said I was unequivocally pledged
to Bard, the article did not bear out
' this statement and explained my posi
tion correctly."
"Then you came here as a Flint man
and not as a Bard man, as was gener
ally supposed?"
"Well, hardly, yes," answered Pres
cott. "I intended to vote for Mr. Flint
from first to last, and the impression
that I have only changed now in grati
tude for the elevation to the Speaker's
chair is not correct. I am absolutely
free; no strings are upon me. My only
desire is that Southern California shall
• have the Senator, and believing that
, Bard cannot be re-elected, I have an
AMERTISEMENTS.
Your Heart
Is a wonderful pump that works inces
santly, averaging seventy 50-pound
strokes a minute, and forcing from 20 to
30 pounds of blood throughout the body
minute.
The power that keeps this wonderful
pump in. motion is nerve-force, the en
ergy furnished by nerves.
• Disease, over-exertion, fright, anxiety,
sleohol. tobacco and other stimulants
weaken these nerves, but the heart, in
stead of stopping, makes extraordinary
efforts and causes heart strain.
Then comes shortness of breath, heart
.palpitation, dizziness, etc.. because the
nerves are too weak to furnish power.
Take the only safe remedy.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
ft strengthens and builds up the
nerves and muscles of the heart so they
can supply the necessary energy.
. "Dr. Miles' Heart '""ure is a marvelous
remedy. I always use it when cardiac
trouble is present. It meets the indica
tions surelyi and completely."—C. F. P.
BfRfHMOREj M. D., 496 Mass. Aye..
B°ston. Masf.
The first bottle will benefit, if not, the
aruggist W in return your money.
nounced myself for Flint and I believe
he will win."
LEADERS ARE TO CONFER.
Meeting May Take Place in San Fran-
Cisco Next Saturday.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6.—The first
conference of leaders to bring about a
union of the Republicans of the south
may take place in San Francisco next
Saturday or It may be postponed so
as'to take place here immediately after
the arrival of Senator Bard and U. i?.
Grant. The latter, it is said, has ar
ranged to attend the meeting of the
Presidential electors hi this city next
Monday. Events may suggest the in
troduction of Grant as a candidate ac
ceptable to the several factions.
The question is asked in all camps,
"Where will the Arthur Fisk bunch go
when the break comes?" The impres
sion gains that the supporters of the
Postmaster's candidacy will be used to
advance the position of some aspirant
from the south, so that Senator Per
kins shall not be confronted by obsta
cles four years hence.
The Ruef delegation of San Fran
cisco statesmen will disintegrate at the
"proper time." Knight boomers who
are claiming the ultimate support of
the San Francisco delegation will prob
ably find that Ruef has made other ar
rangements.
The notion that President Roosevelt
is losing much needed sleep nights in
consequence of the uncertainty of the
outcome of the battle for the Senator
ship in California is becoming stale and
unprofitable. It Is known that Roose
velt has a speaking acquaintance with
several of the candidates, and It is also
known in a general way that he doesn't
care which one succeeds provided the
Legislature does not choose a man who
is tied up hard and fast to the railroad
corporations.
The peculiarity of the present contest
in Sacramento Is the eagerness of as
pirants to convince the Legislature that
the railroad is with them in the fight
for the Senatorship, and also that they
will be with the President in his fight
on the railroads.
HELPING A FRIEND.
jU. S. Grant Take* Hand in Politics
of Missouri.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 16.— U. S.
i Grp.nt was in Kansas City to-day.
"I have been in Jefferson City for
I several days," he paid, "working:
j the old soldiers in the interests, of
my friend. Richard Kerens, in* his can-
I vass for election to the Senate to sue-
I ceed Cockrell. I came all the way
j from San Diego. Cal., to help him if
j I could. I have done all that I could
; and now I shall anxiously await the
result of the Republican caucus to
night to see whether my trip was for
nothing."
Grant left to-night for Sacramento,
Cal., where as elector at large he is
to perform the formal duty of casting
his vote for President Roosevelt In a
few days.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Jan. 6 — Th* Standard Oil
Company made another cut of & cents to-day
in ail grade* of crude oil except Raglan Thia
ia the third 6 per cant reduction within' three
weeks. t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY 6, 1905.
BARD STARTS
FOR CAPITAL
Will Return From Washington
at Request of Managers.
OXNARD STILL CONFIDENT
Continued from Page 1, Column 3.
work not of a very creditable nature
that is being done against Bard. The
attempt to hold the Senator up before
legislators who do not know him as a
decrepit man of eighty years is repudi
ated by the managers of Flint's cam
paign. They say they have been in no
way party to if.
"We-do not want to be connected in
any way with any such stories," said
John Mott, one of Flint's supporters.
"Our main desire is to keep free from
any attack upon any other candidate.
We are here to ooost Mr. Flint and
t-iiall confine ourselves strictly to that.
We have not and shall not say any
thing detrimental to any other candi
date."
Bard s managers will be able to con
vince the doubting legislators of his
hale condition and that he is a long
way from fighty when he gets here,
and they feel his presence will settle
many a wavering vote in his favor. r
Friends of Flint declare that Bard
will be doing injudicious politics if he
FOUR PROMINENT MEMBERS OF
THE UPPER HOUSE OF THE
STATE LEGISLATURE.
I recedes from his determination not to
Ibe present at the meeting of the Leg
! islature. They say his cojning now will
detract from his dignity and lose him
some of the admiration he has gained.
The definite announcement of Bard's
coming has naturally aroused great en
thusiasm at his headquarters and cre
ated excitement among those interest
ed in the election. The presence of a
real United States Senator as a can
didate will add largely to the import
ance of the battle.
Thomas Hughes of Los Angeles has
arrived to join the Bard forces, and his
j coming adds to the confidence in the
Senator's camp. Hughes is a leader of
recognized force in, the southern city,
and his enterprise and sagacity are
well known. His presence will add
much strength to the Bard fight. R.
N. Bulla, former Senator, is ex
pected here soon to aid in the Bard
fight, and other prominent Los An
geles Republicans may come up to as
sist. Bard does not lack powerful
friends in the city of angels.
Oxnard looks- upon himself as the
dark horse—as the man who must come
in to receive for the south that which
belongs to it in case neither Bard nor
Flint can reach the goal. He Is still
maintaining his headquarters and still
receives all coiners with that cheerful
smile and geniality that cannot but
make him friends, even if they are not
potent enough to draw votes already
tied up somewhere else.
L. M. Andrews and Walter Bacon
are still managing Oxnard's fight and
they show no dejection. It is evident
that they feel the lightning will tear
things up very close to them and con
sequently there is no talk of withdraw
ing the Oxnard camp. Oxnard points
to the fact that he is a friend of Presi
dent Roosevelt and that he is an advo
vate of the policy inaugurated by
Roosevelt and which will be carried
out for the next four years. It is
said by Oxnard's friends, however,
that his greatest desire is that the new
Senator shall be from the south and
that if he finds he cannot win the fight
he wil cast his influence in favor of
some other southern candidate.
A local paper, while Oxnard was in
San Francisco, published a story that
he had left Sacramento in a huff be
cause his candidacy had not been
taken seriously enough and that he
would not return. The publication
evidently perturbed Oxnard, who is
passing through his first campaign
and doesn't realize perhaps like some
of the other candidates just what a
soft path he is being allowed to travel.
So open and so quiet has been this
fight up to date that the candidates in
volved are drifting into a condition
that will cause them to die of shock if
they ever get mixed up in a real stren
uous battle for a toga.
*T merely went to San Francisco to I
see my brother off for the East," said I
Oxnard, "and transact some business. I
I haven't the least intention of going to |
China or anywhere else other than Sac-
I ramento for tne present.
One feature of Fisk's fight that is
I creating comment among the politi-
I cians is the fact that he is the first
[ Federal officeholder, in San Francisco
! who has made a fight for the "Senator
> ship while serving under the Govern
! ment. Others have come here to help
| candidates, but none to seek office
themselves. The late Collector, John P.
Jackson, interested himself in Perkins'
fight, United States Marshal Shine was
here for Grant in 1889, and John C.
Lynch, Internal Revenue Collector, was
here for Burns, later for Perkins and
now for Knight and Flint, but never
before has a man holding a Federal of
fice tried at the same time to become
United States Senator.
"Supposing Fisk should receive a tel
egram from the Postmaster General ad
vising him that his duties were in San
Francisco," suggested an Assembly
man, who, by the way, is not in the
Fisk column. He went no further than
the suggestion.
Fisk departed for the bay this after
noon, as did also John H. Lynch. There
will be a general exodus of candidates,
legislators and attaches to the me
tropolis to-morrow, and Sacramento
will relapse into its normal state until
Sunday night. Then they will come
surging back and the real life of the i
Senatoria4 contest will begin. Legis
lators who have been in doubt how
they were to cast their votes will have
made up their minds or received their
instructions: combinations will have
been decided upon. The last fierce
struggle to secure votes before the bal
loting begins will be inaugurated and !
the legislators will find themselves
pulled hither and thither by a whirl
wind of conflicting interests, the ma
jority to remain where they stood or
had been put, but some to waver and
change base, perhaps more than once
in the last two days before the ballot
ing should begin.
Knight and Flint are going down to
see Herrin and each will try to find out
whether he is to receive the votes that
the "Southen Pacific" controls. The
Ruef men at present are simply wait
ing.
Like soldiers on the field, who know
naught of what is before them, they
await the command that will send them
into the fray. "Somehow or another
they seem to think the man they land
on will be the Senator. They seem to
believe that other votes, controlled in
various ways, will go in the same di
rection. Incidentally some of them do
not think that $9 a day is enough
money for a man holding the dignified
title of Assemblyman. Ruef's men, i
some of them say, will never go for
Knight. The San Francisco boss dis
likes this particular Senatorial candi
date too much for that, they allege
It is said that Knight treated Ruef
with disdain at the Chicago convention,
and that the last named has treasured
this up.
Candidate Knight and Governor i
Pardee were to have had a talk to-day I
to renew felicitations and pledges of
friendship, but when the Senatorial
candidate called at the CaDitol the
Governor was deep in some matters of
legislation and Knight said he would
call another day. If he had had any
doubts on the matter, the publication
by The Call of the fact that the Gov
ernor had his hands entirely off the
Senatorial fight convinced Knieht that
the Governor was in no way obstruct
ing him.
Assemblymen from above Tehachapi
are still being sounded as to a caucus,
and one will undoubtedly be held by
the-northerners early next week if the!
south has not by that time united on a
man and elected him. The southern
delegation is holding many caucuses, i
It is understood now that when the <
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jgL About Our Special
Jl 11 I*6 Suit Sale
.< We put this sale on last Friday morning and
| j actually sold suits for $6 that were originally
$ f 7o°< $ I J.OO, $12.50 and $lO.OO; there
V / r\. j * were some overcoats that had sold for $12.
V '§&r and $10.00, which also went for $6.
m \ A great many suits have been sold —there
F'''-fIHB has been a steady stream of customers. Natur-
ai| y the $ ! 7oP and $ I 5.00 values went first —
I m * act tfley are ail so,d - We still have a good
I H|H| P |i| assortment of the $12.£0 and $10.00 values.
I 1 B j| : -:^ X you want one of these suits and overcoats
I for $6 come in to-day or to-morrow. It is
l Iw likely that every garment will be sold out by
I 'Jl P fe/ Saturday night.
/ '21 >% " ~Mw =^ These suits and overcoats are for men meas
■| / uring from 34 to 40 chest measure.
Suspenders 25c XI \A/ft ft l"l *JT Ct\ Hats
Men's Suspenders of fine webbing; *[\* IIW \J Vr U (S) IVr Soft and stiff shapes; £2.00 values for
leather ends; regular 50c values; special ▼ $1.30; also caps in plain or Norfolk
tor 25c - 740 Market Street
ASSEMBLY DISTRIBUTES
ALL ITS PATRONAGE
Treadwell of San Francisco Not
Pleased With Rules Adopted.
DEADLY DUEL BETWEEN
OFFICERS AND A THUG
Capture of Pugilist's Brother Accom
plished After One Policeman Is
Slain and Another Wounded.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.—One person was
killed, one mortally wounded and two
were wounded less seriously to-day
during an attempt by the police to
capture Harry Feinberg, a brother of
former Pugilist "Kid" Farmer, now
in the penitentiary.
Policeman James Keefe and Rich
and Birmingham encountered Fein
berg to-day at Twenty-fifth place and
Wallace street. Without, warning
Feinberg fired twice at his would-be
captors. The policemen promptly re
turned the fire. During the fusillade
Birmingham was struck and slightly
wounded. Feinberg ran. entering a
saloon, the policemen following* In
the house three more shots were fired
by Feinberg, one lodging in Keefe's
abdomen. Keefe fell to the floor, dy
ing instantly. Saloon-keeper Frank
Gagan also was wounded.
In the excitement Feinberg escaped
from the house, but was captured
later, being trailed by blood in the
snow.
MANAGER OF A PASADENA
THEATER UNDER ARREST
Police Charge That He Locked Doors
and Exits of Playhouse During
a Performance.
LOS ANGELES, Jan: 5. —A special
from Pasadena says that warrants
were issued there to-day for the ar
rest of H. C. Wyatt, manager of the
Mason Opera-house of this city and
lessee of the Lowe Opera-house of
Pasadena, charging him with violat
ing the city ordinances regulating the
conduct of theaters with reference to
the safety of the public. It is charged
that on December 31. the anniversary
cf the Iroquis Theater Are in Chicago,
the Chief of Police went to the Lowe
Opera-house, where a performance
was being given, and found all doors
and exits locked.
Father Accidentally Kills Son.
EVERETT, Wash., Jan. 5. —While
Splitting wood to-day Frederick Sop
per brained his 4-year-old son, John.
The child was swinging about a post
near where the man was working. The
little fellow's arm slipped and he fell
forward, striking face downward on
the chopping block just as the ax was
brought down with a heavy swing.
The blade sunk deep into the boy's skull
crosswise. He died three hours later.
The father is almost crazed with grief.
Garrett Is Sent to Insane Asylum.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 5.— J. H.
Garrett, the young man from Los An
geles who passed a forged check here
yesterday, when he represented him
self as a Knight of Pythias, was com
mitted to-day to the insane asylum.
Noted Public Man Dead.
NEWTON, Mass., Jan. s.—William
Claflin, ex-Governor of Masachusetts
and ex-Congressman, died to-night,
aged 87 year«?.
Assembly committees are announced
to-morrow Duryea, at one time rated in
the Knight fold, will be made chair
man of the Judiciary Committee, and
that the chairmanship of the Commit
tee on Corporations will go to Walsh.
Assemblymen not pledged to Flint are
still complaining that the southern sup
porters of that candidate are still try
ing to whip them into line through
committee appointments.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6.—When the
Assembly convened, the first business
j taken up was the consideration of the
i resolution providing for the underscor
| ing and bracketing of portions of bills,
j Assemblyman He-user said that the
I proposition was not thoroughly under
j stood and he urged that the decision of
j the question go over for a day. As
semblyman McCartney favored the
! resolution and wanted it passed at
j once.
| A messenger from the Senate then
announced that concurrent resolution
providing for the appointment of a
committee to report on the form of
I printed bills had bee#i passed in the
! upper house. The Senate resolution
j was adopted and Speaker Prescott ap
, pointed a committee consisting of As
semblymen Cromwell. McCartney and
Houser to act in conjunction with "the
Senate committee. The matter was
made a special order for to-morrow
morning.
Assemblyman E. W. Treadwell of
San Francisco gave notice that at the
next meeting he would make a motion
to reconsider the resolution by which
the report of the committee on rules
I was adopted.
j The following additional list of at
taches was then appointed, using all
I the patronage at the .disposal of the
Assemblymen:
A. T. Hatch, assistant journal clerk. J5;
n. A. Mateon. assistant to chief clerk. $«;
J. E. Cuddy, assistant clerk. $5; E. B. Gree
ley, assistant minute . clerk $5: Percy Hay
selden. assistant clerk, $5; 'C. M. Coyle and
J. B. Kenny, stenographers. $5 each: G. An
gell. George Edwards. Mrs. D. Hanna. Mifs
Clara Hubbs Dr. George S. fase. J. C.
Shearer. Mrs. K. P. Held. J. J. Campbell.
John Milllken George E. Waddell. John R.
Lenhart. S. E. Kutz, E. Nolan, committee
clerks, S4 each; O. C I.uelllng, assistant ser
geant-at-arms. $4; Albert Kerr. Thomas Smith
and S. P. Walsh, sergeant-at-arms to commit
tees, $1 each; V. McKenney. clerk. $4; M.
J. Holman, clerk. S.V Miss I. Burton, assistant
postmistress. $4; Cyrus Llndley, J. Toomey and
Peter Crane, gatekeepers, S3 each; F C.
Young, F. Smith and Wesley Smith and Rush
Brunner. watchmen. S3 each; William Halley.
T. F. Gunn and Thomas Tanian. porurs. $3
each; Leslie Burnett, page. $2 50: Al Fish,
clerk. $4; Roy Hart, gatekeeper. S3; Frank
Matthews and John Williams. rommi'.tee
clerks. 14 each: Herbert Scott, assistant ser
geart-a'.-arms. $3; F. J. Neidlein. page. $2 50:
E. Caminert. clerk. $4; J. S. Brown, committee
clerk Si.
After adjournment of the Assembly
the San Francisco delegation held a
heated caucus, called by Assemblyman
George McGowan, as a result of the no
tice given by Assemblyman Edward
Treadwell that he would move for a
reconsideration of a resolution by
which the report c-f the committee on
rules was adopted.
The clause in the rules which caused
Treadwell to jump the programme is
the making of the San Francisco dele
gation a standing committee "to whom
may be referred matters of interest in
particular to the city and county of
San Francisco: but not to the exclu
sion 'of jurisdiction of other commit
tees." %
Treadwell, it seems, was not aware of
the plan of his colleagues to have this
go through. • The members of the dele
gation argued with Treadwell anoT en
treated him to stand with the delega- j
tion, claiming that San Francisco could j
not get proper recognition on the floor |
of the Assembly except as a standing j
committee. Treadwell informed his i
colleagues that he would "think about |
the matter.
♦
BRIEF SESSION OF SENATE.
Mahy Members of Upper House Are
Excused Until Monday.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. s.—The first
week's work of the Legislature is
practically closed and it may be said
that neither house is'as yet thorough
ly organized. By Monday or Tues
day of next week, however, bills will
begin to flow in for consideration,
though the Senatorial fight will center
all Interest until it is finally disposed
of.
At to-day's session of the Senate
MARYSVILLE APPEAL
PASSES TO NEW HANDS
Colonel E. A. Forbes and His Political
Associates Now Control Tuba
I County's Pioneer Paper.
" The Marysville Appeal, one of tha
oldest daily papers in California, was
" sold yesterday to a Marysville com*
! | pany, at the head of which is Colonel
•j E. A. Forbes, the well known lawyer
iof that city. Fifteen days ago Forbes
' ; and a number of his associates pur
[ | chased the Mary sville Democrat and,
- I placing W. M. Cutter in the managing
, j editor's chair, declared that the future
i I policy of the paper would be political
.i iy independent.
. | Forbes and his political friends had
[ long been bitterly assailed by Editor
I I Frank Johnson of the Appeal and
i , when they got control of the Demo
! crat they declared war upon the rival
! newspaper owner. Realizing that
' ! Forbes and his associates, who are
i J prominent in Republican politics in
Yuba County, would be able to turn
the county patronage, which he had
enjoyed for many years, to their own
| paper. Editor Johnson gracefully de
clared his intention of retiring from the
newspaper field in that section of the
State. The result was the sale of the
Appeal to Forbes and his friends.
Colonel Forbes, who is staying at
the Palace Hotel, last night confirmed
the news from Marysville that the Ap
peal had been sold and added that
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwin,
j who is a director and stockholder in
~ the Democrat, had been appointed
temporary business manager of the
other paper. The Appeal will con
tinue as a Republican journal.
Horse Falls on Mounted Policeman.
While pursuing an automobile last
night on Fulton street, near Eighth
avenue. Mounted Policeman Edward
PigeOn was injured by his horse fall-
I ing on him. Pigeon, believing the ma
j c hine did not have a license, called
to the chauffeur to stop. Instead of
I obeying the command he increased the
I speed. Pigeon's body was bruised. He
; v/as treated at the Park Emergency
Hospital.
He finds there's many a slip when he
; takes a dip. In Next Sunday's Call—
: , .
» • ■»-
I the question of form in which bills are
to be presented was again discussed
Jat length and finally resulted in the
■ adoption of a resolution providing for
the appointment of a joint committee
to consider the question and report
back Monday. The report of the
special committee on contingent ex
penses was received and approved.
The report of the committee on rules
will be ready Monday.
j Many Senators were excused to-day
from further attendance this week
and it is possible that when the high
er house reconvenes to-morrow it will
find that a quorum is not present,
which will necessitate an abandon-
I ment of all proceedings until the new
I week opens.
PRISONERS PLEAD GUILTY. — Allr-ine
Hill, who was chanted with grand larceny,
pleaded guilty in Judge Cook's court yrsterday
to petty larceny and will be sentenced to-day.
She stole a diamond ring valued at ST»O front
Romie P. Hale. 411 Minna street, on Novem
ber 20. John Hammond, a say, pleaded guilty
in Judse Dunne's court to a charge of grand
larceny and will be sentenced tormorrow. He
stole $200 from Mrs. <\ H. Halverson. »1«
McAllister street, on November 18.
AIRSHIP COMRANY—The Heaton Ariel
Navigation Company was incorporated yester
day for the expressed purpose of "manufactur
ing and selling complete- airships and giving
exhibitions thereof." The capital stock Is
(200.000, of which has been sub
scribed by the incorporators as follows: George
E. Heaton and Lizzie E. Heaton, $25 each,
and C. T. Spradlng. William Spradlng and
James B. Allen. $1 each.
34
CRIMINAL ACT LANDS PRETTY
WOMAN IN CITY JAIL
Mrs. A Poro'iiv McCadi, an attractive young woman from San Bernardino,
after a short star a! th" Palace, Si. Francis and California hotels, spent last night
in the matron's ward in the City Prison, where she is detained on a charge of
parsing a worthless check on a local firm.
Mrs.- McCade Ac-:
x'used of Uttering
Bad Check.
—#.—
NO FUNDS IN BANK
Local Firm Causes
Her Arrest for
Swindling
A Strong penchant for passing worth- I
lets checks has Anally landed behind
piopon bars Mrs. A. Dorothy McCade. j
Vife of a weh-known mining man of
Kan Bernardino. Yesterday the woman i
v. as Uken into custody at the Cali
fornia Hotel by Detectives Dinan and
"Vv ivn on complaint of R. D. Davis &
Co. On December 28 Mrs. McCad .
who was then staying at the St. Fran
cis Hotel. Visited the Grant avenue '
dry goods stoic and purchased a dress,
giving in payment a check on the I
farmers" Lai.k of San Bernardino for
and receiving in change $.i sin cash.
Later in the aay she telephoned to \
Davis & Co. as.King if they would
oblige her by cashing another check ■
"on the same bank, ah > strange request
aroused the suspicion of the firm and
telegraphing to San Bei .iardino they |
received a response to the effect that
Mrs. McCade had no funds in that |
bank. s
" hi- matter was then turned over to
Detectives Dinan and Wren and the !
latter visited Ihe woman at the St.
Francis Hotel. Mrs. McCade declared ,
ii was all a mistake and that she would
rectify it. Failing to keep h«r promise,
however, the detectives yesterday took
her into custody and had her placed in
the matron's ward at the City Prison 1
pending an investigation into her past
lie
WARNING FROM THE SOUTH.
-Mrs. McCade arrived ht:e during the
Utter week of December and stayed
one night at the Palace, and on the fol-
Lowing day she went to the St. Francis
Hotel, where she registered as "Miss"
A. D. McCade. On the same day that
t-he telephoned to Davis & Co. request
in;: them to cash a second check she
presented a third for $25 to the cashier
of the St. Francis for collection in San
Bernardino. Meanwhile, however, the
n iragemrnt of the Van Nuys Hotel in
Los Angeles had advised the St. Fran
.tis not to cash the woman's checks
and h°r $25 check is still in the hands 1
of the management of the latter hos
telry. Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Mc
<;;d° quietly left the St. Francis and
the next heard from her was at the '
California Hotel, where she had reg- i
islered as Miss Julia Arnold of Oak
land.
Mrs. McCade is 26 years of age and
stylishly dressed. In the opinion of the
detectives, who closely questioned her
Monday night, she does not seriously
appreciate the offense she has com
mitted and at times appears to be
laboring under some great mental
trouble. She has told several rambling
stories and her entire demeanor has
lacked anything that would suggest
that she is experienced in the uttering
of bad checks.
ASPIRES TO THE STAGE.
Tt was learned yesterday, however,
that while recently a guest at the Van
Nuys Hotel in Los Angeles she passed
three checks, aggregating $85. drawn
on the State Bank of San Bernardino
When threatened with exposure she
made good the amount and left the
hotel. She says she is on friendly
terms with Maxine Elliott and has fre
A D V F.RTISEMENTS.
STRANGER THAN' FICTION.
A Remedy Which Has Revolutionized
the Treatment of Stomach
Troubles.
The remedy is not heralded as a won
derful discovery nor yet a secret patent
medicine, neither is It claimed to cure
anything except dyspepsia, indigestion
and stomach troubles with which nine
out of ten suffer.
The remedy is in the form of pleas
ant tasting tablets or lozenges, contain
ing vegetable and fruit essences, pure
'aseptic pepsin (Government test), gold
en seal and diastase. The tablets are
sold by druggists under the name of
.Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. Many in
teresting experiments to test the diges
tive power of Stuart's tablets show
that one grain of the active principle
contained in them is sufficient to thor
oughly digest 3000 grains of raw meat,
eggs and other wholesome food.
Stuart's Tablets do not act upon the
bowels like after dinner pills and cheap
cathartics, which simply irritate and
Inflame the intestines without having
any effect whatever in digesting food
or curing indigestion.
If the stomach can be rested and as
sisted in the work of digestion it will
very soon recover its normal vigor, as
no organ is so much abused and over- j
worked as the stomach.
This is the secret, if there is any se- !
crot, of the remarkable success of Stu- 1
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, a remedy
practically unknown a few- years ago !
and now the most widely known of any j
treatment for stomach weakness.
This success has been secured entirely
upon its merits as a digestive pure and !
simple because there can be no stomach >
trouble If the food is promptly digested.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act entire- !
ly on the food eaten, digesting it com- i
pletely, so that it can be assimilated I
into blood, nerve and tissue. They cure !
dyspepsia, water brash, sour stomach, 1
gas and bloating after meals, because '
they furnish the digestive power which '
weak stomachs lack and unless that j
lack Is supplied it is useless to attempt
to cure by the use of "tonics," "pills"
and cathartics which have absolutely
no digestive power.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be I
found at all drug stores and the regu- ; :
lar use of one or two of them after |
meals, will demonstrate their merit bet- \
ter than any other argument.
CASTOR IA
For Infants and Children
the KM You Have Always Bought
Bears the SJj?*
Signature of (JLaf-/ZT<&&*t '
YOI'XG SAN BERNARDINO WOMAN. WHO IS DETAINED IN THE CITY
PRISON ON A CHARGE OF HAVING SWINDLED A LOCAL FIRM WITH A
WORTHLESS CHECK ON SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BANK
quently expressed to those she has met
a determination to go on the stage. It
is also said that with this purpose in
view she has been negotiating with a
Los Angeles paste diamond concern for
the purchase of a lot of stage jewelry.
Last night she denied that she had
ENJOINS CIVIL
SERVICE BOARD
Examinations for Ambulance
and Patrol Drivers Are
Stopped by Court's Order
The Civil Service Commission was
last evening served with an injunction,
issued by Judge Murasky, restraining
It from proceeding with the examina
tions for police patrol and ambulance
drivers. This is the third attempt on
the part of the commission during the
last two years to place civil service ap
pointees in these positions.
There are 627 applicants for the po
sitions of ambulance and patrol driv
ers. Last night 150 of them present
ed themselves at the commission's
rooms to take the physical examina
tion, and because of the restraining or
der they were turned away. .
City Attorney Long is prosecuting the
case. It is said that the present hold
ers of the positions in question were
instrumental in having the injunction
issued.
On November 22. 1902, the Civil Ser
vice Commission attempted to exert its
authority and place its appointees In
the positions in question. An injunc
tion was obtained by those holding the
positions. Another Injunction was is
sued March 21, 1903, the one yesterday
making the third.
The injunction was asked for on the
ground that the drivers should be class
ed as laborers and taken from the list
ol* laborers, the charter making no spe
cific provision for classifying drivers
under the civil service. If sustained
the injunction will leave the men now
employed as drivers still in their po
sitions.
GOVERNMENT TO STOP
THE SALE OF LIQUOR
Declares Against Drinking Resorts
Along the Line of the New
Irrigation Canals.
RENO, New, Jan. 5. —Members of
the next General Assembly of this
State have Received word from the In
terior Department at Washington that
Nevada will be expected to take steps
ot the coming session of the Legisla
ture to stop the sale of liquor along
the line of the irrigation canals that
are being constructed in connection
with the reclamation work.
The Interior Department insists that
the various States that are enjoying
the benefits of the reclamation act
must give heed to the suggestion, as
the presence of liquor resorts along
tho line of the canals has resulted in
many crimes and seriously interfered
with the prosecution of the work.
The members of the Assembly living
at Reno are heartily in sympathy with
the department's suggestion and will
press the bill as soon as the Legisla
ture convenes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JANUARY 6. 1905.
ever been married, but added that she
had a brother in Soutnern California
who will come to her assistance. She
also insists that she has money on de
posit in San Bernardino and exhibited
to the detectives a bankbook in sup
port of her statement.
VETO AWAITS
YOSEMITE BILL
President Opposes Measure
on Ground That It
Imperils Sequoia Grove
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. s—The Times
has the following from Washington:
The President will- celebrate the pres
ence of the National Forestry Con
gress in Washington by sending to
Congress to-morrow a veto of a bill
that has passed both houses which
might imperil a grove of fine large Se
quoia trees in the Yosemite Park in
California.
The bill was intended to cut off from
the park a piece of territory which was
•needed by some large mining interests,
where the mines could not be worked
and would be a complete loss to the
owners without the bill in question. A
short-line railroad running to the
neighborhood also was interested in the
The President decided that the pre
servation of the big trees was of para
mount importance.
The Onion Sisters Give a Party.
Mr. Carrot comes to grief as a candy
puller. In Next Sunday's Call—Comic
Section.
CRUISER CHATTANOOGA
STANDS A ROUGH TEST
Encounters Severe Gale After Leaving
Newport for a ©ay's Trial at
Sea.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Jan. 6.—The
new protected cruiser Chattanooga
returned to thid port to-day. She
went out Tuesday for a twenty-four I
hours' sea trial, and was expected to I
finish at New York. On account of the I
severe storm of Tuesday night and |
Wednesday she came back.
The cruiser sustained no damage.
The trial board announced to-day
that it would recommend her accept
i ance by the Government, as she had
! successfully passed through the
| roughest and most trying test ever I
j sustained by a United States naval
craft.
JURY ACQUITS MURDERER
ON A PLEA OF INSANITY
Judge Instructs Sheriff to Hold the
Prisoner for Commitment to
an Asylum.
COLFAX. Wash., Jan. 5. —Charles |
Martin, on trial for killing Frank Par
ker at Cplfax Thanksgiving day, was
a< quitted by a jury to-night on a plea
of insanity. Judge Chadwick ordered
that Martin b« confined until released ,
by this or some other court. 1
OUR TREES
BACKBONE
OF COUNTRY
President Makes a Stirring j
Appeal for Preservation of j
Timber Lands at Ameri-j
can Forestry Congress I
SPEAKS OF GREAT
DEMAND OF NATION
Wood Famine Will Be Inevi
table Result Says the Ex
ecutive, Unless Steps Are
Taken to Stop Destruction
! WASHINGTON, Jan. s.—President
1 Roosevelt was the principal speaker at
a special session of the American For
estry Congress held this afternoon at
, the National Theater. The President
accompanied by Secretary Loeb ar
i rived at the theater promptly at 3
j o'clock. He was escorted to the stage
! entrance, and as he appeared be*fore
' the immense audience which filled
every part of the house the Deople re
; ceived him standing, while the theater
rang with applause and the orchestra
played a patriotic air.
Secretary Wilson, in presenting
President Roosevelt, who was the first
speaker, made no address, simply in
troducing Mr. Roosevelt as the Presi
dent of the United States. After the
applause had subsided the President
spoke in part as follows, his address
i being punctuated frequently with ap-
I plause:
It is a pleasure to greet the members of the
i American Forestry Congress. You have made,
by your coming, a meeting which is without
parallel in the history of forestry. For the
first time the great business and the forest
, interests of the nation have joined together.
! through delegates altogether worthy of the or
, ganization they represent, to consider their in
: dividual and their common Interests in the
j forests.
The producers, the manufacturers and the
i great common carriers of the nation had long
I failed to realize their true and vital relation
to the great forests of the United States, and
forests and industries both suffered from the
failure. But the time of interference and mis
understanding has gone by. 1
j The place of the forest in the life of any
nation Is far too large to be described In the
rime at my command. This is particularly
true of its place in the United States. No
man Is a true lover of his country whose con
fidence In its progress and greatness is limited
to the period of his own life, and we cannot
afford for one instant to forget that our coun
try is only at the beginning of its growth. Un
less tho forests of the United States can be
made ready to meet the vast demands whlcn
this growth will inevitably bring, commercial
f disaster la inevitable.
I If the present rate of forest destruction is
' allowed to continue a timber famine is obvi
, ously inevitable. What such a famine would
mean to each of the industries of the t'nited
: States it is scarcely possible to imagine. And
the period of recovery from the injuries which
; a timber famine would entail would be meas
ured by the slow growth of the trees them-
I selves.
Whatever it may be possible for the Gov- '
I ernment to accomplish. Its work must ulti
-1 mately fall unless your interest and support
give it permanence and power. It is only as
j the producing and commercial interests of the
! country come to realize that they need' to have
! the trees growing up in the forest not less
l than they need the product of the trees cut
i down that we may hope to see the permanent
i prosperity of both safeiy-^eiureil.
This statement Is true* "not offfy as to for
j eats In private ownership, but as to the na- j
• tional forests aa well. Unless the men from
j the West believe in forest preservation the :
. Western forests cannot be preserved. I am ]
heartily glad to know that Western sentiment
supports more and more vigorously the policy |
of setting aside national forests, the policy of j
creating a national forest service and espe
cially the policy of increasing the permanent
usefulness of these forest lands to all those
who come in contact with them.
At the conclusion of the address the
President, bowing his acknowledgments
i to the audience, left the theater and re
turned to the White House, the audi
ence standing and the band plavinsr
' "The Star-Spangled Banner" before he
! left the stage.
| Secretary Wilson then introduced M. !
, Jusserand. the Embassador from :
I France, who delivered an address on •
j "The Forest Policy of France."
Other speakers at the session were
I Howard Elliott, president of the North
!em Pacific Railroad, who spoke on
j "The Dependence of Business on the
Forest," and F. E. Weyerhauser of St. ]
! Paul.
TWO MURDERERS TO MEET
DEATH ON THE SCAFFOLD
I Sing Vow and Henry Milton, Alias
O'Neil, to Be Hanged for Their
Crimes To-Day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6. —Sing Tow,
convicted of murdering Jeong Him at
Walnut Grove, Sacramento County, in j
! October, 1902, is to be hanged at Fol- j
som State Prison to-morrow. The '
killing occurred over a gambling,
transaction, several highbinders going j
to Walnut Grove from San Francisco
j and San Jose for the purpose of klll
! ing Jeong Him for failing to pay his
! gambling debt to Sing Vow. Chin Non,
i another of the murderers, was sen-
I fenced to life imprisonment.
| SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 6.—Henry Mil-
I ton, alias Lupton, alias O'Nell, will be
! hanged at San Quentln to-morrow
, morning. Milton shot and killed
| James Gilleece, an aged saloon-keeper,
jin San Francisco on April 15, 1903.
while trying to rob him.
MRS. HERVEY LINDLEY
FILES SUIT FOR DIVORCE
Wife of Former Political Boss Alleges
in Complaint That Husband
Deserted Her.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. s.—Mrs. Her
vey Lindley, wife of the president of
the Klamath Lake Railway and former
political boss of Southern California,
has brought suit here in the Superior
I Court for divorce, on the ground of de
! sertion. The complaint alleges that the
I defendant has not been in his wife's
company in the last three years; that
jhe maintains his residence in Klama
i thon. in Northern California, having
] left the family home at Whittier, Los
; Angeles County, of his own accord;
; and that, though he has visited Los
; Angeles several times in the last three
years, he has avoided the company of
the plaintiff. Mrs. Lindley asks for a
division of all property, which is un
derstood to be of large value.
SECRETARY MORTON MAY
HAVE CHANCE TO EXPLAIN
I
President Ripley of Uie Santa Fe
Asks for Rehearing of Celebrated
Traffic Case.
CHICAGO, Jan. s.—President E. P.
Ripley of the Santa Fe road to-day
telegraphed to the Interstate Com
merce Commission asking for a re
hearing in the now famous Colorado
' Fuel and Iron Company case. His pur
pose, as indicated in a statement made
lr.ter, is to endeavor to clear his rail
way of charges of lawlessness and to ;
1 give Secretary of the Navy Paul Mor- J
, ton an opportunity to answer his i
1 critics. I
SUPERIOR JUDGES
ELECT MULVEY AS
THEIR SECRETARY
POPULAR YOUNG MAN WHO HAS
BEEN CHOSEN SECRETARY OF
THE SUPERIOR COURT.
Thomas S. Mulvey was elected yes
terday as secretary of the Superior
Court Judges to fill the vacancy made
by the resignation of James W. Cof
froth. He received seven of the twelve
votes, the five others having been cast
for his only competitor, John F. Tyler,
assistant librarian of the law library.
On Wednesday, Judge Sloss being ab
sent. Mulvey received five votes and
Tyler six.
The Judges selected H. L. Joachim
son, former Police Judge, as Court
Commissioner to fill the vacancy made
by the promotion of Mulvey.
The new secretary is a young man,
extremely popular at the City Hall and
elsewhere, having made many friends
during his service as Court Commis
sioner. The Judges and other court
officials extended their congratulations.
STATE LABOR FEDERATION
ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
Frank J. Bonnington of San Francisco
Is Chosen as Secretary and Treas
urer of Organization.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. s.—At to
night's meeting of the State Federa
tion of Labor the following officers
were elected: President, Harry Knot
of San Francisco; secretary-treasurer,
Frank J. Bonnington of San Francis
co; first vice president, Thomas M.
Gallager 'of Oakland; second vice
president, Nicholas Blum of San
Francisco; third vice president, Daniel
D. Sullivan of Sacramento; fourth
vice president. J. R. Hillis of San
Jose; fifth vice president, C. W. So
linquist of San Diego; sixth vice presi
dent, J. C. Templeton of Fresno;
seventh vice president, John Guinne
of San Francisco; State organiser,
George K. Smith of Oakland.
STATEHOOD BILL.
Measure Discussed in Senate—Legisla
tion for Army.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.—The joint
statehood bill ~«rain to-day occupied
the major portion of the attention of
the Senate and Nelson completed his
speech in support of it. The omnibus
claims bill was read in part, but no
effort was made to secure action on it.
Bills for the reorganisation of ,the
medical corps of the army and regu
lating promotions of army officers in
the ordnance department were passed.
Steamship Tacoma Is Again Afloat.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. s.—Tugs
succeeded to-day in floating; the steam
ship Tacoma,' which went aground
Tuesday afternoon on a sandbar off
V. est Point Lighthouse. The part of
the cargo which was lightered yester
day was loaded to-day. The Tacoma
Bailed this evening for the Orient.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REGALRANGE
Makes housekeeping a pleasure. Embodies more labor
saving devices than any range on the market*. Every
part* covered by an absolute guarantee. Own a Regal
and cut* your fuel bill in half.
Terms $1 °9 down and $ I a week
fCORDESi
245-259 GEARYS* ON THE SQUARE
NEW CHARGES
TO BE FILED
Dr. Irvine's Friends Will
Renew the Attack Upon
Bishop Ethelbert Talbot
•
FIRST ONSLAUGHT FAILS
Accusations Repudiated by
Certain of the Signers
Are Formally Withdrawn
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. s.—The pre
senters of Bishop Ethelbert Talbot of
the Central Pennsylvania diocese of the
Protestant Episcopal Church, who have
not repudiated the paper filed against
him, to-night formally withdrew tht
charges in writing made against the
Bishop by friends of Dr. I. N. W. Ir
vine, the deposed priest. They reserve
the right to present new "charges in
writing."
The withdrawal is dated January 2.
and is addressed to Bishop Tuttle, to
whom a copy has been sent. The doc
ument begins by saying that all the
signers to the present paper knew the
contents and the purpose of the
"charges in writing" and enumerates
the changes as follows:
Crime, to wit: A criminal libel.
Immorality, to wit: False statements. i
Breach of ordination and consecration vowa.
Conduct unbecoming a Bishop.
Continuing, the document says:
We are in possession of such proof as is
sufficient, in our opinion, to put Bishop Talbot
upon trial. We believed, and sttll believe, that
the grounds are sufficient to put the accused
Bishop on his trial. The charges were formu
lated in order that the manifest scandal in
the church and the disgrace of the office of
Bishop Ethelbert Talbot should be inquired
into by the board of Inquiry, in the expectation
and belief that the board would direct the
church advocate to prepare a presentment to j
b<> signed by such of the board as agree
thereto. , I
Although Rev. Dr. Gilberson sisrned
the foregoing, he issued a statement to
night disavowing any further connec- |
tion with the case and will not allow j
his name to be used "to support such
fraud as has been perpetrated in this |
case." *
LINERS IN CLOSE RACE
ACROSS THE ATLANTIC
I I
Graf Waldersee and Cassel Arrive at
New York City Only Five j
Minutes Apart. ,
NEW YORK, Jan. 5. —Arriving this
morning at Sandy Hook Aye minutes
apart the Graf Waldersee of the
Hamburg-American Line and the Cas
sel of the North German Lloyd Line
completed what was tantamount to a
3000-mile ocean race. From Dover
on the English Channel both had
steamed, bow and bow, the course
across the Atlantic and until Wednes
day were in plain sight of each other,
sometimes the one, sometimes the
other ahead and never more than Aye
minutes apart.
The officers of the two vessels deny
that there was any attempt to race,
tut none of the excitement of such a
contest was lacking. Captain Krech
of the Graf Waldersee ana Captain
Petermann of the Cassel both say that
never before in their sea experiences,
covering nearly forty years, have they
known two vessels to cross the At
lantic so near together.
VIOLATOR OF EXCLUSION
LAW RECEIVES SENTENCE
Wealthy Chinese Sent to Jail for Try
ing to Import Countrymen Into
the United States.
CHICAGO, Jan. s.—Convicted by a
Jury In the United States District Court
on a charge of having attempted to
Import a Chinese into the United
States in violation* of the Chinese ex
clusion act, Lam Chee, a wealthy Chi
cago Chinese, was to-day sentenced to
two years in the House of Correction
and fined $1000.
Lam Chee was arrested after the
body of Leong Dick was found frosen
in a refrigerator car at SL Louis near- j
ly a year ago.
Singer's Illness Is Fatal.
LONDON, Jan. 5. —Belle Cote, the
American singer, whose illness was re
ported yesterday, died this morning at
5:30 o'clock.
SHERIFF KEEPS
A CLOSE WATCH
Fears Thai an Attempt May
H<' Made to Lynch Alleged
Murderers ol Miner Dunn
ROBBERY THE MOTIVE
Report Is in Circulation at
Crescent City That Both
Suspects Have Confessed
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CRESCENT CITY, Jan. 5. — Harry
Brown ard Thomas Kelly, who are ac
cused of the murder of George Dunn,
ar. aged miner, in an isolated cabin on
the Crescent \.'ity and Grants Pass
road, were taken before Justice Bar
ry to-day, but on motion of the Prose
cuting Attorney their examination was
postponed, owing to the absence of
1 two important witnesses.
' It is reported to-night that the two
suspects have confessed to the Sheriff
and Prosecuting Attorney and that
they will waive examination. Feeling
is running high in this vicinity, as
j Dunn was well liked by his neighbors,
I and a close guard is being kept over
j the prisoners. It it feared by some
: that a lynching may follow if it is
i true that the men have confessed to
: the terrible crime. Dunn was beaten to
death in his lonely abode by robbers,
who- secured only a few dollars from
■ him.
GIVES UP HER EFFORT
TO BREAK A WILL
San Francisco Woman Enters Into
Compromise With Residuary Leg
atee, a Catholic Priest.
NASHUA, N. H., Jan. 6.—Mrs.
McCabe of San Francisco, who, on
behalf of the heirs of the late Miss
Mary Burps of this city, figured as
contestant of the will of, Miss Burns,
settled the case out of court to-day.
Rev. P. J. O'Donnell was the pro
ponent, and it is understood that the
suit brought last fall has been settled
to the satisfaction of both parties.
Miss Burns left a very large property,
mostly real estate, in this city, and
Father O'Donnell was named as ex
ecutor and residuary legatee.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A high Grade —
\ value and of
\ fin* work
\ rr a n a h tp.
Pearl handla
and strongly
made: blades of -best raior steel.
HAVE YOU AN OLD RAZOR?
Bring U to me. I will make you a
liberal offer for it. toward a new one. I
have good razors aa low as gI.OO.
STAR SAFETY RAZOR ia regularly
priced at 42.00. I sell It for only SI.US.
GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR require*
no honing or stropping. Always ready for
use. Price fli.OO.
SHOPPING BAGS AT ONE-HALF REGU
LAR PRICES.
Out-of-town orders promptly attended to.
THAT HAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, tha Stationer,
1008 MARKET ST., opp. Fifth, 8. T.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
SIS Moats-ornery Btreet.
Capital paid up $ 600,000
Uvidends paid to depositors. 1,656,226
CHAS. CARPT. President. .
ARTHUR LEGALLET, Vice President
LEON BOCQUERAZ, Secretary.
JOHN GINTY. Asst. Secretary.
DIBECTORSi
Dr. E. Artlfue*, Chas. Carpy, Leon Kanffmaa.
O. Boslo. J. B. Clot, A. Roos,
Loon Booqueras, J. M Dupas. A. LefalUt,
J. A. Bergerot. J. 8. Godeau, J. J. Mack.
Interest paid on deposits. Loans mad* 09
Real Estate and approved securities.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBE FOB MEN.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. HO OTHES TREATMENT
RBQUXBBP. Prevents and Cures Btric
| tures. PBJB VENTS CONTAGION. Harm
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
t. b. nan >«a«kaot. 10a Bddy.
DDTTCUI7C for barbers, bak
jDla U *jJTIIIIJ er«. bootblack*, bath-
W maamm houBea buiiaxd table.,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy maker*, carmen,
dyers, flour mills, foundrle*. laundries, paper
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BNOS,
Brash Mannf aotnxTS. SOS Bt.
«Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
129 EIABNT »T. Established
11SS4 for tbe treatment of Private
Hseases. Lo*t Manhood. Debility or
laease wearlngon body and mind and
kin rb *?^ M , r^lT_Jt^- a
ther* fall. Try him. V,n» r **» |jw.
*Mssps*rMtee«]. Call or writ*.
[8808. Mm Fratvlsco. Cat.
patents! ii
WI. X. HESS.
Notary Public and Attoraey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels bid*;.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 1802 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Pass S64L
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
j Catalogue arid Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
LEAKY ROOTS AND SKYLIGHTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works,
1176-1178 Mission St. Phone Main 6481.
ecu.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS.
1 418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1718.COLORED MAN
ATTACKS GIRL
Protege of Kentucky Banker
Ts Badly Injured by Negro
in Her Home in Louisville
BLOODHOUNDS ON TRAIL
Citizens of Blue Grass City
Aroused to Great Excite
ment by Act of African
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. s.—Miss
Alice Brightwell, a protege in the
family of John T. Bate, a bank teller,
was attacked to-day by a negro in
Bate's residence at Crescent Hill, a
high-class residence portion of Louis
ville. The young woman was badly
injured.
A detailed force was at once sent
to the scene and four officers with ;
bloodhounds have taken up the trail
of the negro. The Crescent Hill dls- I
trlct is in a state of high excitement
and Captain Reilley of the Louisville j
police has given orders if the negro be ;
found he be brought to the County Jail
here Instead of being taken to the po
lice station.
URGES ESTABLISHMENT
OF CHILDREN'S PLAYGROUND
School Board Will Ask Supervisors to
Devote Part of Block in Mis
sion to Purpose.
The Board of Education yesterday
received a communication from Su
perintendent Joseph Myers suggesting
that a portion of the block opposite
the Mission High School be set apart
for children's playground purposes in
view of the fact that the city is about
to acquire Mission blocks 86 and 87 '
for park purposes. The board thought
the suggestion a good one and dele
gated Director Altmann to confer with
the Board of Supervisors relative to
the improvement.
Teachers' certificates were granted
to F. J. Browne, Charles S. Downes,
Tracy R. Keliey and Misses L. McDer
mott, Isabella Evans, Frances Cook,
Belle Smith and Mary Busteed.
The petition of the Thirty-ninth '
District Improvement Club that a
portable schoolhouse be placed in
West Richmond District and that bet
ter accommodations be granted for the
Park Primary School was taken un- \
advisement.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Misses F. M. Bliven, Madge Sprott,
Sophia Kraus. Edith Boyle and Mrs.
F. M. Grosjean, teachers in the de- j
pprtment.
The board adopted the Gallagher-
Marsh system for the study of stenog- .
raphy in the schools.
INSTALLATION ATTENDED
WITH HIGH CEREMONIES
Officers of Golden Gate Aerie Are For
mally Inducted in Their New
Positions.
The public installation of the of-
Beers for the ensuing year of Golden
Gate Aerie No. 61, Fraternal Order of
Eagles, was attended with high cere
monies at Native Sons' Hall last night.
Nearly 1000 people were present to
witness the installation. The hall was
profusely decorated with American |
RagS and the balcony was hung with
red, white and blue bunting. Worthy i
Past Grand President Harry Frolich
presided.
A splendid band furnished appro- ■
priate music. All the officers were in <
the full dress uniform of the order.
Following are the new officers for
1905: Worthy past president, Louis
Chester; worthy president, Edward
Murphy; worthy vice president, J. J. i
Smith; worthy chaplain. T. J. Fitz- I
Simmons; worthy conductor, J. W. [
Cramer; worthy secretary, B. F. Han- j
Ion; worthy financial secretary. Jo- i
s>ph O'Connell; worthy treasurer,
John J. Cassidy; worthy trustees —
BiniJ Nelson, Joseph P. Kelleher,
Charles A. Westcott; worthy inside
guard. James Buchanan; worthy out- |
fcide guard. John Sherman; worthy ,
physicians, T. B. W. Leland and F. T. j
Fitzgibbons.
Dancing wound up the festivities.
PERSONAL.
Dr. J. W. Hammond of Byron is In
the city.
Judge J. M. Mannon of Ukiah is at
the Lick.
B. L. Ten Eyck of Newark, N. J., is
at the Occidental.
J. P. McGonigle, a merchant of Ven
tura, is at the Lick.
Dr. J. L. White and wife of Sacra
mento are at the Grand.
E. R. Flach and wife of Tombstone.
Ariz., are at the California.
Banker O. McHenry of Modesto is
registered at the Occidental.
Edwin E. Chase, a prominent resident
of Denver, is staying at the Palace.
' John H. Bryan and wife of Atlantic
City.'N. J., are registered at the Grand.
B. J. Turner, proprietor of a hotel at
Hanford, and his wife are guests at the
Lick.
C. O. Whittimore, a well-known Salt
Lake City attorney, is at the St.
Francis.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Occidental were: J. P. Sargent, a
wealthy rancher of Stockton, and his
wife.
Edward Chambers, general freight
agent of the Santa Fe road, and J. S.
Leeds, manager of the company's re
fngerater car service, arrived at the
.St. Francis yesterday.
Charles Fee, passenger traffic mana
ger of the Southern Pacific Company,
and his family, who have been spend
ing several days in Southern Califor
• nia, returned yesterday.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.—The following
■ Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco—E. A. Drew,
at the Grand Union; G. H. Gerwin, at
the Hotel Astor; D. A. Lyon, at the
Murray Hill; G. H. Umbsen and wife,
W. H. Smith and E. F. Brittingham, at
the Hotel Astor.
• From Los Angeles—C. Harvey and
. Vife, at the Navarre, and J. E. Pres
ton and wife, at the Hotel Astor.
RECEIVER OF SHIPYARD
TRUST ASKS $200,000
James Smith Jr. Wants Fee. Which
Reorganization Company Says
Is Exorbitant.
• NEWARK, N. J., Jan. 5.—A fee of
$200,000 for James Smith Jr. for act
ing as receiver for the United States
Shipbuilding Company was asked of
Judge Lanning in the United States
District Court Wednesday. Counsel
for the Sheldon reorganization com
mittee opposed the application and
said that the sum named was exorbit
ant. It was finally agreed to refer the
Question to a master to take testimony.
THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
Great Stock Adjusting
Sales Suits and Coats
m§ The sales in this de
partment since Tues
day have been the
largest in our history
for a like period of time,
conclusively proving
the real merit of the
numberless bargains we
are offering in Women's
and Misses' Garments.
These are the lowest
prices ever quoted in this
town for high-class up-to
date Suits, Coats and
Waists.
Our former low prices are
*j exactly as stated. You'll
f see them on the tickets just
as you saw them before we
began stock adjusting, our new prices following.
An unprecedented Suit and Cloak Clearance
—Almost every style, material and color desired
will be found in this sale. The assortment given
below includes Suits for women and misses:
$12.50, $15.00 and $17.50 values at.. $7.50
18.50, 20.00 and 22.50 values at.. $10,85
25.00, 27.50 and 30.00 values at. $14,50
32.50, 35.00 and 37.50 values at $18.50
40.00. 42.50 and 45.00 values at $25.Q0
50.00 to $150.00 Suits. $35.00 to $75.00
15.00 to $25 Silk Shirt Waist Suits, .if 9.35
Great Stock Adjusting
Umbrella Sale
*2.** and *2 Values, *!.**
350 only ladies'and men's
I Umbrellas, fine quality union
|(j silk covered, absolutely rain
AS S & proof and fast color, best Par-
IMi Eh N agon frame,bulb runner, steel
tyiPM r ° d; tiie andies are p ear|
fwlrfc ancl sterlm ? trimmed, select
! 111 Up horn and ivory, stag horn,
Nlffltt tancv trimmed boxwoods,
etc., etc., worth $2.00 and
$2.25, for this sale, beginning
this morning, each ••*ifO
Great Stock Adjusting
Sale of Ribbons
Thousands of yards of 5-inch Taffeta Ribbon,
with satin stripes, in white and black, and
4 'i-inch Surah Ribbons, in lavenders, reds, pinks, green* and other
colors, worth regularly double the sale price, are now
marked, yard eW*rV
Thousands of yards Striped Taffeta,
with satin polka dot and plain Taffeta Ribbon, in black, white,
cream, mail, light blue, pink, lilac, scarlet, etc., worth 'f —_
double the tale price, are now marked, yard m
Great Stock Adjusting
Sale Kid Gloves, 58c
500 pairs only women's 2-clasp Kid
Gloves, in black, white and some col
ors —the balance of two lots which we
wish to discontinue — sizes running
from 5y 2 to 6?i in the blacks and Sii
to 7*4 in the colors, marked to
close out, per pur wC
These are good $1.00 values.
Great Stock Adjusting Sale
Curtains, Draperies
A golden opportunity for housekeepers and hotel
keepers.
Novelty Lace Cvrlains—Rich and effective designs,
that were w275 to 8.50 the pair, now
$1.98, $2.09, $2.50, $3.25
Nottingham Lace Cvrlains—Ecru and white, nice
patterns, that were 75c to #2.75 the pair, now
54c, 89c, 99c, $1.98
fi.oo and Si. 50 Madras Curtain*, now, pair 780
Fast color Orienral Mant-i Drapes, now 350, 48C
51.85 and $1.7; Ye our Mantel Drape*, now 3 1.35
$2. 50 and $3.50 Tapestry Table Covers, now $1.35
25c the yard Table Oil C oth, now 1&0
Stair Oil Goth - To says th-: carp*, yard 7o
White Enimslsd Curtain Poles, w :h end* and brackets .... 80
CALIFORNIA INCREASES
HER GOLD PRODUCTION
Figures Submitted to Mint Director
Show Largest Output In
Many Years.
WASHINGTON. Jan. s.—The prelim
inary figures upon the production of
gold and silver in the United States in
1904 submitted to the Director of the
Mint show larger gains over the pre
ceding year than were expected. Near
ly every State of importance in yield
has increased its output. California
has made, the best output for many
years, as follows: Gold, $19,000,000; sil
ver, $1,380,000.
Among the notable increases in the
silver production over 1903 are: Cali
fornia, 460,000 fine ounces, and Idaho,
493,000 ounces. Colorado shows a loss
of about 490,000 ounces; Nevada, a loss
of about 550,000 otmces and Utah 676,000
ounces.
In the production of gold Alaska
shows a gain of about $386,000; Califor
nia, $2,895,500; Colorado. $3,460,000; Ida
ho $390,000: Montana. $549,000; Nevada.
$1,572,000; South Dakota, $443,000, and
Utah, $1,000,000.
MONEY IN STATE TREASURY
MAY BE LOANED TO BANKS
Attorney General Webb Renders an
Opinion on the Subject to
Governor Pardee.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. s.—Attorney
General Webb has rerfdered an opin
ion to Governor Pardee anent the sug
gestion of Controller Colgan that the
money in the State treasury be loaned
to banks that are willing to pay inter
est and furnish bonds as security.
Webb advises that an act be passed
by the Legislature authorizing the
loaning of the money and points out
the fact that the views of the Su
preme Court as to the constitutionality
of the bill could then he obtained.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6. 1905.
Mysterious C&sar and Co., in Grand Trunk Mystery and Parlor Magic
Attraction Hall, Second FIoor,FREE Daily Entertainments, 10 and n a. nt., 2:30 and 4p. m.
Stock Adjusting Sule
This sale is one of The Emporium's great successes. Enthusiastic buyers have
crowded the big store daily since it began. We realize that to reach the mark we have
set for 1905 (a 20 per cent increase of this already immense business), stocks must
be larger, more varied, better than ever. We have started the necessary readjustment
of the stocks by a vigorous price-cutting of all small lots .and all surplus lines. To
these we have added immense purchases of new merchandise, bought especially for
the Annual Opening-of-the-Year Sales. Forty departments offer you unprecedented
bargains now.
Sale Women's Best Kinds Knit Underwear
Sharp Reductions to Adjust Stocks
SilK Union Suits —Women's pure thread silk union suits, Equestrian Tights —Pure 4 thread silk "Ypsilanti," black
fashioned bust and hips; the "Piqua" make, on y, ail sizes; instead of $6. 50, now .... $3*95
pure white; were $9.50, all sizes, now . . $5*35 Vests and Panls—Women's Jersey ribbed wool mixed gar.
Silk Union SvilS—Women's pure 4 thread silk union suits, ments, mostiy pants,natural white and sky; were J 1.25,
heavy weight, the "Ypsilanti" medium size, *U sizes, now 580
black only; were #11.00, now $5eS5 Wool Tights —Swiss ribbed, ankle length, open, black and
SilK and Wool Union Sui(s—F "hand white cplora, short *y> aii sizsS J were $ U 7S .»ow 980
sleeves, "Ypsiianti" make, medium size; Vests and Pants—Jersey ribbed, heavy fleece lined, small
were $8. 50, now $3*25 and ltr B e SIZCS > colors ecru and white; were 50c, now
Wool Union Suits—The unshrinkable "Ypsilanti" make, ''.*'* \ V ' ",' ' . ,
natural and white.smail sizes; were <S-50,n0w $1.35 Women's Hose-Imported high grade fancy hose vertical
lace stripes and Jacquard effects, were $1.00 and #1.50,
All-Wool Union SvitS—"Ypsilanti" make, natural, back now gQ Q
and white; were S3-°o» ail »izes,now .... St.B3 — . . .... r- vi ■ _j u-. .• 1
~ ,' , J'l T. Women's Imported Hose— Fancy black and white vertical
Merino Union Suits—Natural and back, "Ypsilanti male;, str ipes; were 75c pair, now 38c
sm.li size* only; instead of 52.00, now . . $f. tß Hose _ Fu ll 4 thread Maco cotton
SIIK Mercerized Union SvitS —Swiss ribbed, white, pink and hose, heavy weight; former price 25c a pair, sale price
sky, aii sizes; former price $450, now . . . $2.75 170
Merino Union Suits —"Ypsilanti," natural and back, small Lace Lisle Hose —Women's sizes, fast black; former price
sizes; former price S'-7>, now 980 2scapair. sale orice 17c
Shoes lor Men, Women and Children
Greatly Reduced for Stock Adjusting Sale
C«,v Burt & Packard "Korrect Shape" Men's Shoes, patent
colt and vici kid; sizes 5 to 11, now $2*30
Jjpg Men's $3.50, $4.50 and $5.00 Shoes—Broken lines of famous &„_k
nnkes, for this sale, pair $2 SO Wwmm
"Little Gent's" and Youth's Calf Lace Shoes, all sizes, 11 MJB
to 2, pair 93c MrT\x?»
Boys' Shoes—ln box calf and vici kid; regularly $2,
Women's Kid and Box Cal! Lace Shoes—Worth $2, sizes 4 to 7 . . $1.15 Ir_J_L,
Women's $2 Oxlords—Patent colt, military heels, pair 980 JauWßm
Women's $3.50 Lace Oxfords—Patent kid, Louis XV heel .... $I*7B MSBB
Women's Blucher Lace Shoes —Box calf; worth $2-50 $1*54 kw\rm
Children's Kid Shoes—; 1-50 Blucher style, sizes 4to 8 980 MBJ it^
Infants" 75c Patent Kid Button Shoes —Sizes 2 to 5 490
Infants' Mottled Velvet Patent Kid Foxed Shoes—Sizes 2tf to ■ . 78c
Great Stock Adjusting Great Stock Adjusting
Sale Domestic Dept. Sale Juvenile Dept.
Table Linens at prices you could Dress your little boy or girl now at a third
never have hoped to get such good qualities* to a half less than usual cost.
for; a good every-day cloth, 53 inches wide, as low as 2 . piccc Suits—Navy blue or mixtures, sizes 7 to
22c * y*rd; 63-inch Mercerized Tao c Dimask at 540f 16 years.. • $2*oo
arge German Damask Coths at $ 1*28; n orlo fc S vits—Navy blue cheviots, sizes 7 to 14
German Damask Cloth, pure linen, at 440$ 20-inch years $2*oo
Hemmed Linen Napkins, with red borders, at 78c the Russian Coats-Navy blue, olive or oxford gray,
dozen; 22.inch fine Bieached Damask Napkins at $1,48 f or 2% to 7 years $2*oo
the dozen, and many.gwJJlMJ remarkable values. Boys » erl Top Coals—Half price to close! now.s_?*so
Sale Of Bedding —A good $6.00 Long Overcoats—Oxford gray and nobby plaid
White Woo! Banket, that has some slight manufacturer's effects, heavy materials* for ages 7to 15 years
imperfection, can now be bought, per pair, $3*98; gray, $3*oo
brown and navy wool Blankets, also sightly impenect, per Boys' $7.50 and #8.50 Overcoat*—For ages 6to 13years,
pair, $2*25; g ood re'iab'e comforters that were $\ to now- $4*75
$2 each, now marked 780 to $1.58; five styles of Bed Misses' Fine Coats—Cloth, covert, cheviot and mix-
Spreads, regu'arly 85c to 53.50. now S3o to $2*6B* tures, in red, blue, tan and green, short lots of good
Flannels* Ginghams* Towels — styles, that were #8.50 to #21.00, now
9c Tennis F anno s now 6 2"3o; lOC P anne ettej now $4*25 to $10*50
S)io; 35 c Cream Woo. F.anne.s now 24c; very pretty Children's Reefers—ln serges, cloths and cheviots,
50c Fancy Whisting F annes (also some plain cream Wool were $1.65 to £5.50, now
Flannel*) now 36c, and 56-inch AH-Wool Flannels, in 98c to $I*9o
dark colors, regularly 75c, for 560; > SC»5 C » 20c and 25c Misses' and Girls' Dresses—Broken lines in Buster
Huck Towels for Ho, 12c and 15c; 25c Damask Brown, sailor and other styles, that were $5.65 to
Towels for 21o; 25c and 35c Turkish Towels for §Bo* $12.50, now
etc.. etc. Second Floor. $2*87 to $6*25
Cigars f • Butter 35c
3 for 10C Cnoice creamery;
California's largest-^ — regular size squares;
am popular brand 5c cigars. grand—t store to-day and Saturday.
ON TRIAL FOR PERJURY
IN IOWA MURDER CASE
Woman Accused of Testifying Falsely
in Connection With Her Hus
band's Death.
MARENGO, la., Jan. 6.—The second
trial of Mrs. Sarah Ellen Gallaugher,
on the charge of perjury in the trial
for the murder of her husband on
June 19, 1902, has commenced here
before Judge Byington, the defense
having secured a change of venue from
Johnson County.
James Gallaugher was murdered
while he lay Bleeping. Footprints
leading to the home of Charles Hallada
were found and the latter was placed
under arrest. He was convicted of
complicity in the murder and given a
life sentence. Mrs. Gallaugher was
also indicted, testified in her own be
half and was acquitted. She was after
ward indicted for perjury, but the ver
dict was set aside by the Supreme
Court.
One Vessel Remains at Esquimalt.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 6.—ln fur
therance of the abandonment of Es
quimau by the British navy. H. M. S.
Bonaventure has received orders to
proceed to Hongkong on March 1 to
join the China squadron, which will
hereafter protect British Interests in
the Pacific. Commodore Goodrich, in
command of the Esquimau station,
will leave for England February 1.
This will leave but one vessel, the
on Sire station.
To Protect Honolulu Harbor.
HONOLULU, Jan. 6.—The Govern
ment has purchased a battery site
oh Waiklki beach for the protection of
Honolulu harbor.
PEKING Jan. s.—Conger, th* American
Mlnlater, left Peking to-day for the Philip
pines. Secretary Coolldge assumed charge of
the legation.
JURY IS IMPANELED
TO TRY SMELTER SUIT
Shasta County Fruit Growers Say
That Fumes From Roaster De
stroy Their Crops.
REDDING. Jan. 6.—A Jury was se
cured Wednesday and the taking of tes
timony commenced In the suit brought
by eight farmers and fruit growers
against the Mountain Copper Com
pany to recover $34,500 damages al
leged to have been done their crops
and trees by fumes from the smelt
ing plant at Keswick. Some of the
fruit growers live seventeen miles
from Keswick and claim that the
fumes from the Keswick roasters pre
vent their trees bearing.
There is to be expert testimony on
the part of the company tending to
show that roaster fumes are beneficial
to trees rather than detrimental.
New Fisheries Company Organized.
SEATTLE, Jan. 6. — E. B. Demlng,
who recently bid in the Pacific Pack
ing and Navigation Company's sal
mon canneries for $310,000, has re
turned from Chicago, where he or
ganized a new company, known as the
Pacific-American Fisheries. The of
ficers are all Chicago men and are:
President, J. F. Harris: first vice pres
ident and general manager, E. B.
Deming; second vice president, J. G.
Snydacken; secretary, Frank L. Dem
ing; treasurer. Samuel Scatten.
To Abolish Canal Board.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.—Representa
tive Mann of Illinois, a member of the
House Committee on Interstate and
Foreign Commerce, has introduced
a bill abolishing the Isthmian Canal
Commission and providing that the
powers now vested in the President be
extended until the end of the Fifty
ninth Congress.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
WASHINGTON. Jan. B—Representative
Adams of Pennsylvania to-day Introduced a
bill providing- for the establishment in the
District of Columbia of a whipping poat for
wife beaters. m
SALT LAKE CTTT. Utah. Jan. s.—About
thirty witnesses for the defense in the Bmoot
investigation, which will be resumed in Wash
ington on Tuesday next, have been subpenaed
in Utah and Idaho.
WASHINGTON. Jan. s.—The Houae Commit
tee on Appropriations to-day reported the for
tifications bill carrying $6,747,883, which la
$770,299 less than appropriated at the last ses
sion. The estimate* aggregate $10)458,570.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.—The Cabinet din
ner, the first of the formal evening social
functions at the White House for the season
of 1905, took place to-night, when more than
fifty guests enjoyed the hospitality of the
President and Mrs. Roosevelt.
TOPEKA, Kana.. Jan. S.—A call has been
issued for a meeting of the Santa Fe stock
holders on January 24. A vote will be taken
on a proposition to Increase the capital stock
of the company by fifty million dollars and to
issue bonds for that amount.
WASHINGTON. Jan. s.—How the Emperor
of Russia regards his Embassador at Wash
ington is evident from a letter Count Cassinl
, has }ust received from his sovereign, informing
him that the Emperor has conferred upon him
the high order of St. Alexander.
HAVANA. Jan. s—The steamship Dora,
from Colon and Panama, has brought here 111
passengers, three of whom are ill with what
may prove to be yellow fever and have been
taken to the Detention Hospital. The other
passengers have been quarantined.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.—"The College Wid
ower," a burlesque on one of George Ade'a
plays, was the new offer which the Weber
and Zeiefeld company gave at Its Broadway
Theater to-night. A large audience received
the parody with much enthusiasm.
WASHINGTON, Jan. B.—Major Walter A.
Bethel, Judge advocate of the Department of
the Columbia, has been assigned to duty In
the Philippine* as Judge advocate of the De
partment of Luzon, relieving Major Frank
L. Dooda. who will return to tha United Statea.
WASHINGTON. Jan. B.—One of the most
elaborate floral designs ever exhibited In tha
Senate Chamber surmounted the desk of Bur
rows ot Michigan when the Senate convened
to-day. It was a map in flowers of the State
of Michigan and was a testimonial from ad
miring friends aa a compliment upon tbe Sen
ator's renomlnatlon for the Senate.
Great Stock Adjusting
Sale Men's Clothing
We are bound to close out quickly the broken lines
and surplus stock of men* clothing. You have never
bought clothing cheaper than these tale prices, and we
don't believe you ever will.
Men's Svits that were $10.00 to $15.00— A small lot of cut
away sack and frock suits, in back and _% mm *9t/t
mixtures; sizes 35 to 40, for this sale . <^W'«? #%M
Men's Coats and Vesls that were $730 to $18.00—Cuta
way frocks and sacks, in black thibets and diagonals,
also tome mixtures, sizes 34 to 42, jm mm am
all at #O
Men's Suits that were $10.00 and $12.50 —Stylish tack
suits in a iarge variety ot good pat- __
terns, also some in blue and black,
sizes 33 to 42 (a great many of them W
for large men of 40 and 42 chest
measure), wonder- mm mm mm m^rr****-,
ful bargains. . . mf mmf O (\
Men's $15.00 tos2o.ooSvtts— Stylish Wit
and dressy sack suits of fine worst- J/J Ir /#• /
eda and cheviots, in. handsome W'sMrr^^^il
mixtures, sizes 33 75 Tm^Z^C^
Men's Overcoats that were $15.00— |
B.ue and black kersey, splendid B : n I
materials, well made garments and 1 m
p enty of sizes from _»__ mm mm tt j|L
35 to 48, now. . mmW \ W
Men's Overcoats that were $22.50 and ltt J J
$25.00 —Mostly the higher-priced V ,j|t 1
ones, too, in all sizes from 34 to I j\ ,
42, choicest kersey and thibet. \ » X
in black and oxford gray, best lin- y'\ fmM i
ings and makings; neat, sumptuous In ,
garments at less than the cost of
making alone, at *0% mm j— Ef
the new price . M %9
-———-————-——-—-——————— ————^—^— —————,
Great Stock Adjusting Sale
Men's Furnishings
The biggest single offering
of Men's and Boys' Shirts
ever made west of Chicago.
Every shirt will be found to be full cut and perfectly
made. The men's shirts .and furnishings on sale on first
floor; the boys' in the Juvenile Department, second floor.
Men's So!t Bosom Shirts —Neat stripes and figures, sepa
rate cuffs, $1.00 values, for. QOc and 55c
Men's Stilt Bosom Shirts—ln neat stripes and figured
effects, separate cuffs, the best $1.00 values, for . .
63c and 69c
Men's Mercerized $130 Underwear —In pink stripes,
tor this sale, garment 93c
Men's Camel's Hair Underwear—Perfect fitting, $1.50
garments, for this sale, each 97C
Men's Ties—Fancy shield bows, formerly 15c, now Qq
Men's Cashmere Half Hose—ln natural color, fancy effects and
black with white feet, 15c and 35c value*, now, pair . . . 17 O
Band Bows—Black satin, worth 50c each, for ..... . 18 O
Men's Suspenders— 50c values, pair StSO
Men's Wool Sweaters—Navy, maroon, black, oxford and combina
tion colors, f 1.00 values for B>sc
Men's 50c Four-hvHands and Tccks, new styles .... 19c
Men's Half Hose— 75c fancy imported 37c
Men's 15c Initial Handkerchiefs Oc
Men's 10c Initial Handkerchiefs 7o
Boys' Sweaters—Fancy all-wool, worth #1.50 each, for this
• 7Be
Boys' Overalls—Blue and white stripes, in small sices only, 50c
values, to dote out at IQo
Boys' Suspenders—lsc values Sc
Boys' Tccks—tfC values for IQo
Boyß' Golf SMntm- Fancy pleated and white, 75c values,
each 4 Q 0
Boys' Shlftß —Stiff bosoms, stripes and figured effects, 50c
and 75c values, each 28c
Boys' Turkish Bath Robes—Sizes for 4 to 16 years, $3.00 to % 4.00
values, for this sale, each $1.85
Great Stock Adjusting
Sale Men's Hats
Soft Hats—ln Fedora style, either bound or raw
edges, flat crowns, with rolling or flat brims, and
Dunlap crusher style, in brown, black, nutrias
and pearls.
Derby Hats —In black, browns and tans, all widths
of brims and heights of crowns; our regular #2.00,
?a. 35, 13.00, $3.35 and $4.00 values (mostly |*g
13.00 hats) on special vie, now mm O %Jf
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
BOY THROWN FROM A HORSE. —George
Marlow, a boy residing at 641 Tehama street,
was thrown from a horse at Twentieth and
Shot well streets yesterday afternoon and sus
tained severe sprains of both legs. He was)
treated at the Emergency Hospital.
SEIZES MONEY IN BANKS.—A writ of
execution waa served yesterday by the Bherlff
against the California Water and Mining
Company at the Instance of Sterling D. Carr.
who has sued the corporation for 114.877 42.
Moneys in th* San Francisco Savings Union
and the German and Anglo-California banks
standing In the name of the company were
seized by the Sheriff's deputy.
PETITION IS WITHDRAWN.—The petition
,of the Concrete Steel Construction Company to
permit the construction of concrete steel
buildings was withdrawn at yesterday's meet-
Ins; of the Supervisors* Fire Committee. The
petitioners will submit an amendment to the
building ordinance to permit auch construction.
WILL BE DEPORTED.—Wong Sen. a Chl
ntse laborer, waa turned over to the United
St* tea Marshal yesterday for trial for de
portation. He was found at Salinas In a
west-bound boxcar containing pianos and had
evidently been on the road several days. He
wis without a certificate of registration and
is believed to have surreptitiously entered this
country by way of Mexico.
TAKE ACTION AGAINST DEADBEATS. —
Frank Lee of the Pacific State Automobile
Company obtained a warrant from Police
Judge Cabanlss yesterday for the arrest of
Edward Qulnn on a charge of defrauding a
chauffeur. Quinn engaged an automobile on
December 20 and incurred a bill for $17 50.
which he refuses to pay. Garage owners are
determined to punish deadbeats and other war
rants will follow.
SUES UNITED RAILROADS.—A Milt
against tbe United Railroad* waa begun yes
terday by Wellington C. Burnett, who de
mands $25,253 damages for Injuries alleged to
have been sustained on August 11 last at the
intersection of Polk and Sutter streets. He
says he had alighted from a Sutter street car
for the purpose of transferring when he waa
struck by a north-bound Polk street car and
permanently injured.
PETITION FOR LETTERS.—JuIia Agnes
Walsh, by her attorney. Garret W. McEner
ney, yesterday filed a petition for letters of
administration upon tbe estate of her late
husband. William R. Walsh, who died Decem
ber 1. The value of the real property of the
estate Is stated to be in excess of $1000 and
the personal property at more than $5000. No
win lias been found and the heirs at law are
the widow and three sons.
A Rare Spot.
One of the queerest corners of the
earth Is Chatham Island off the coast
of Ecuador. This island lies 600 miles
west of Guayaquil, and the equator
runs directly through it. Captain Rein
man, who was sent to the Galapagos
group of islands to inquire into the
proper grounding of a deep-sea cable,
stopped at Chatham Island, and says
it abounds in cats, every one of which
is black. These animals live in the
crevices of the lava foundation near
the coast, and subsist by catching fish
and crabs instead of rats and mice.
Other animals found on this island are
horses, cattle, dogs, goats and chickens,
all of which are perfectly wild.—lndian
apolis News.
There does not seem to be much
"graft" In Australia. All its public
men who have died in recent years
died poor. The late Sir George Dibbs.
whose will was probated recently, left
only about $10,000.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. B. —The Dominion
Government Intends to seek the appointment
of an international commission to Investigate
the fisheries on the Pacific Coast with a view
to providing Joint regulations for the preserv
ing of the fisheries.
HIT BT FALLING PLANK. —Andrew ghu
brage, a laborer, was hit on the head by a
falling plank while working on a new building
on Eddy street yesterday. He suffered a frac
ture of tha skull and may die of his Injuries.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
THE NEW
GRAHAM BISCUITS,
Made by the
MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
Free With Every Small. Ad In
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
OLNEY'S ORDER
IN OPERATION
'•' Street Department Forces
Rip Out Many Signs That
. Had Not Been Removed
CLEAN IP IS GENERAL
Mayor Hopes the Next Step
Will Be to Bury All Elec
trical Wires Underground
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 5.
Street Inspector W. W. Blair and Su
perintendent of Streets C. F. Ott with
a force of men armed with sawst picks,
hammers and tongs and guarded by j
two policemen ripped, sawed, cut and I
dug standing signboards, posts and,
other sidewalk obstructions to-day
■long' Broadway. So far as the Street j
Department force went they cleaned the •
sidewalks thoroughly. The work will
be continued throughout the city.
The crusade was conducted in strict
adherence to the Mayor's instructions.
Merchants were given twenty-four
hours' notice to remove , their street
signs. Those who did not heed the
word were visited as rapidly as the J
street gang could move. Many oid
signs were carted off to the corpora
tion yard, their owners preferring to
permit the city to remove them instead
of going to the expense themselves. The
work was accomplished without serious
objections. Here and there a shopkeep
er rebelled, but by dint of tactful ex
planation Inspector Blair persuaded
the objecting one to join the procession.
Such signs as were taken in charge
by the city were those that had long
ago passed the stage of usefulness. It
is not the intention of the city officials
to cause unnecessary annoyance to
business men who have unwittingly
gone to heavy expense in installing
electrical displays. Reasonable- time
will be given for reconstruction of such
aigns so that they shall not obstruct
the streets or sidewalks.
Electric signs or others that are fasti
to buildings and can be, swung flush
with the property line when not in use i
will not be disturbed. There are a num- 1
ber of signs which are set fast to posts
and project across the sidewalk. These j
have been ordered down. Mayor Olney i
said to-day after Inspecting had
been accomplished in the direction of
improvement that he was in favor of
continuing the movement until all side
walk obstructions had been removed.
The next step will be toward ridding
the business section as rapidly as can
be done of all telegraph and telephone
poles.
All of the mhnicipal fire alarm and
'police telegraph wires are above
ground. Superintendent George Bab
cock estimates the cost of putting them
underground at $50,000. In his annual
report to the Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners Chief Engineer N. A.
Ball of the Fire Department has made
a, strong recommendation that all over
head- wires be removed as soon as pos
" sjble.
Many hundreds of telephone wires j
have been placed in underground con- !
. duits. The telephone company has also
Installed underground pipes for use in j
connecting lines with Its new buildings
on Franklin street, near Fifteenth.
'* • • —
RETRACTS A STORY OF
ATTEMPTED POISONING
Wife -Refugen on Witness-stand to
Substantiate Tale She Told Con
cerning Her Husband.
■ OAKLAND, Jan. 5. —"This case is
rotten," was Prosecuting Attorney
Leach's comment to-day when he
heard Mrs. Vicente Addiago retract
. . • her charges that her spouse had at
. tempted to poison her, as well as their
, children, by putting rat poison in their
food. - Mrs. Addiago was the chief wit
ness against her husband, who was on
trial to-day in the Police Court. She
' did not much more than sustain a
.- .minor charge of battery she had also
made against Addiago. Police Judge
Mortimer Smith reluctantly dismissed
the more serious case, but convicted
the husband of battery and will sen
tence him to-morrow.
«. • When the wife applied for her hus
band's arrest she's insisted he had fol
• lowed the poisoning episode by se
verely beating and kicking her. The
best she would do for the prosecution
to-day was to admit Addiago slapped
. her face.
Rosa, a daughter. 10 years old, who
had been expected to corroborate her
mother, was hopelessly ignorant con
• corning the case when,she was placed
on the witness-stand.
ALAMEDA COUNTY WINS
GRAND PRIZE AT ST. LOUIS
Excellence of Exhibit In the Agricul-
tural Department Is Recognized
at the World's Fair.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5. —In addition to
ihe many prizes won by Alameda
County exhibitors at the St. Louis I
World's Fair, information has just
been received by W. H. Weilbye. a
member of the Alameda County com
mission to the fair, that a grand prize
has been awarded to Alameda County
for its excellent general exhibit.
The following letter to Commis
sioner Weilbye tells of the award:
Mr. W. H. Weilbye— Dear Sir: X have the
honor to inform you that a grand priz*
was- awarded to Uameda County for the
excellence of its general information In the »
agricultural department, and that n gold medal
was awarded to the Alameda County repre
sentatives as collaborators. I am very glad
to convey this bit of good news and congratu
late you accordingly. This will bring the to- I
tal of grand prizes won by California to some- i
thlni over thirty and the number of gold
medals close to 300. Very' sineerelv yours. '
J. A. FILCH ER.
California Commissioner of the St. Louie Prize
Commission.
FACILTT CLUB GIVES UP PLAN —
Berkeley.' Jan. B.—The Faculty Club has given
up Its plan to buy the stock of the Dining
room Association, which has Its quarters In
the clubhouse on the campus, having found the
plan not feasible. The steward of the -dining
room has been retained by the club for lt3
own purposes, however, and to this extent the
absorption and control of the dining-room by
the club has been acquired.
* . ■*
FREE FHEE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
THE NEW
Git AH AM BISCUITS,
Made by the
MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
- Free With Every 1 Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
4 ' «■ *
BURGLARS LOOT
COUNTRY HOME
OF MRS. HOPPER
ACTRESS' HEIRLOOMS STOLEN
Storeroom at Elegant San Leahdro YiHa Is
Entered by Thieves, Who Make Off
With Their Plunder in Wagon.
OAKLAND, Jan. s—Thieves last
night stole several hundred dollars'
worth of plunder from the Dunsmiur
home at the Souther Farm, near San
Leandro, the property or Edna Wallace
Hopper, the actress. A storehouse in
which had been placed expensive pieces
of furniture, a handsome clock and
other articles of value was entered and
everything taken. The thieves must
have taken their plunder away in a !
wagon, the track of which was lost as
soon as it got upon the main highway, j
Constables and deputy sheriffs are j
busily engaged in an effort to trace the
trail of the burglars.
Notice of the robbery was telephoned
to Sheriff John Bishop at an early hour \
this morning and Deputy Reilley was
dispatched to the scene. Later in the
day Sheriff Bishop himself paid the
SUGAR BEETS
NEED THE SUN
Chemistry Division of the
Department of Agriculture
Tells of Its Research
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.—That high
temperature and sunshine are the
dominant factors in producing the best
quality of sugar beets is anounced as
the result of five years' experiments
which have just been concluded by the
chemistry division of the Department
of Agriculture. The data obtained is
expected by agricultural officials to
save Immense amounts to capital by
pointing out on what sugar beet in
dustries should be instituted.
The experiments were made in lo
calities ranging from New York to
North Carolina and entirely across the
continent. The environments the in
fluence of which sugar beets require,
the soil, cultivation and the period of
artificial fertilization, temperature,
hours of sunshine and of cloudiness,
elevation and latitude -and longitude
are pointed out. The results indicate
that a high temperature is the greatest
of these factors in the producing of
beets with sunshine next in impor
tance.
The average temperature of the lo
calities, according to these results, not
exceeding 70 degrees Fahrenheit during
the three growing months, June, July
and August, is most desirable. Above
this figure richness of the beets con
stantly diminishes, and the longer day
and consequently longer hours of sun
shine makes a location best fitted for
high sugared beets.
TWO ARID LAND BILLS.
Senntor Bard Presents Irrigation Com
mittee Measures.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5. — Senator
Bard, chairman of the Committee on
Irrigation, to-day introduced two bills
directed toward the development of
arid lands. One authorizes the Secre
tary of the Interior to construct Irriga
tion works along the shores of Little
Kiamath, Lave, Tule, Rhett and
Goose lakes, which lie on the boun
dary between Oregon and California.
The other provides that all lands cedefp
or purchased under the provisions of
the reclamation act shall be dis
posed of according to the same; that
lands not hitherto surveyed may be
surveyed and formed into farm units
of ten acres and that the Secretary of
the Interior may lease the lands for
such time as they are not needed in
connection with the reclamation plans.
The Senate Committee on Com
merce has reported Perkins' bill pro
viding for a steam tender for the en
gineer service of the Twelfth Light
house District, to cost $135,000. '
PRESIDENT'S FRONTIER
FRIEND TO GET PLACE
Bullock Can Have the United States
Marshalship at Nome If
He Wants It.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.—Captain
Seth Bullock, the President's old
friend of his ranch days in the West,
undoubtedly will be appointed United
States Marshal at Cape Nome. Alas
ka. There are dozens of applicants
for the place, but Captain Seth can
have it if he wants it. He is now
chief of the Black Hills Forest Rang
ers, in which country he has spent
most of his life.
Bullock was marshal of Deadwood
in the early days and was the first
man to establish order there.
Among the applicants for the place
are J. P. Cl»m, postofflce inspector in
charge at New York, and Timothy
of San Francisco, and Mike
Sullivan of New York, both of whom
are mining in Alaska.
NATURALIZATION OF ALIENS.
I Secretary Hay's Recommendations
Laid Before Congress.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5. —Secretary
I Hay's recommendations on the na
turalization of afiens, laid before Con
gress, are that the law should restrict
naturalization to certain courts defi
nitely named and forbid all other
courts from entertaining naturaliza
tion proceedings; that the nature of
the testimony upon which naturaliza
tion may be conferred should be more
particularly prescribed by law than
it is now; th" 4 the language and
form of certificates should be pre
scribed; that they should be printed
upon a particular paper, made for the
purpose, so as to prevent the extensive
counterfeiting which now prevails,
and that all courts having power to
naturalize'should be. required to make
returns of naturalization to ihe gen
eral Government.
ALAMEDA POLICE REPORT.—Alameda,
Jan. 6. —Chief of Police John Conrad's report
for last year on file with the City Clerk, shows
that 894 arrests were made and 186 convictions
obtained. Fines imposed and ball forfeited
amounted to $1071. Licenses collected by the
police amounted to $16,170 10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1005.
place a visit. The property taken was
especially prized by Edna Wallace
Hopper as heirlooms. It had been care
fully stored away during the altera
tion of some of the rooms at the beau
tiful villa.
The robbery is one of the boldest In
the annals of crime in the county.
Evidently familiar with the ground and
knowing just what they wanted and
how to get it, the thieves drove up the
private driveway with their wagon as
close as they dared and then proceeded
to the storehouse from which they
wrenched the lock with a jimmy. From
the tracks backward and forward
around the place a number of trips
must have been made between the
wagon and the storehouse. With prob
ably several hours of darkness to spare
they were miles away before there was
sufficient light to disclose to any
passerby what was in their wagon.
CRUM WILL
DETAIN OFFICE
Senate at Last to Con
firm Colored Man's Nom
ination by the President
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.—The Senate
Committee on Commerce to-day au
thorized a favorable report on the nom
ination of William B. Crum to be Col
lector of the Port of Charleston. S. C.
Confirmation of the Crum nomination
has been opposed for three sessions of
Congress by Senator Tillman, on the
ground that "a colored man is oblec
tionable to many of those who conduct
business through the Charleston cus
tom-house."
Crum is filling the position of Col
lector on a third recess appointment,
and the indications are that he will
now be confirmed by the Senate, de
spite the .objections of Senator Till
man.
MINORITY MARINE REPORT.
Discriminating Dnty Flavored Instead
of Direct Government Aid.
WASHINGTON. Jan. s.—The views
of the minority of the Merchant Ma
rine Commission have been prepared
in the form of a report, which to-mor
row will be. made iif the Senate by
Senator Mallory of Florida, and in
the House of Representatives by Rep
resentative Spight of Mississippi. Sen
ator Martin of Virginia is the only
Democratic member of the commis
sion who has not subscribed to the
minority views.
Representative Spight is the author
of the minority report, the principal
feature of which is advocacy of the
discriminating duty policy as a sub
stitute for direct Government aid for
American ship-owners, as proposed by
the bill presented by the commission.
In this bill the minority says: "We
cannot help but see the 'trail of tiie
serpent' that has been over all other
bills on this subject."
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.—By order of
the War Department First Lieutenant
John D. Yost, assistant surgeon, is re
lieved from duty in San Francisco and
will proceed on the transport to sail
about February 1 to Honolulu to relieve
Major William B. Davi3, surgeon. Major
Davis will proceed to Manila for duty.
Captain Robert S. Woodson, assistant
surgeon, is relieved from duty at Fort
Clark, Texas, and will proceed to Fort
McDowell, California, for duty. First
Lieutenant Charles W. Farr, assistant
surgeon, in addition to his present du
ties will perform the duty of attending
surgeon in San Francisco. Corporal
Herbert C. Wesley, band, Twenty-first
Infantry, Presidio, is transferred to the
Twenty-eighth Infantry as private. He
will be sent to the headquarters of that
regiment at Fort Snelling, Minnesota.
Major Walter A. Bethel is relieved from
duty as judge advocate, Columbia, and
will proceed to Manila for duty as
judge advocate in the Department of
Luzon to relieve Major Frank L. Dodds,
who will proceed, to San Francisco and
report by telegraph to the military Sec
retary. First-class Private Moses Mont
gomery, hospital corps, now at Steelton,
Pa., upon expiration of the furlough
granted him from the Presidio, Mon
terey, will report to the commanding
officer at Fort Niobrara, Nebraska. Re
cruit Charles E. White, cavalry, Jeffer
son Barracks, Missouri, is transferred
to the signal corps. He will be sent to
Benlcia Barracks. Contract Surgeon A.
M. Wilkins is relieved from duty at
Fort McDowell. California, and will
proceed to his home at Delta, Ohio, and
report by letter to the surgeon general
of the army for annulment of contract.
COTTON REPORT ATTACKED.
Congressman Declares Government's
Figures Are Erroneous.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5. —The Gov
ernment's cotton report, as prepared
by the Agricultural and Census bu
reaus, formed the subject of an ex
tended discussion In the House to
day. Livingston of Georgia attacked
the reliablity of the Government's es
timates and charged that the inac
curacy of the figures had created a
panic in the cotton market.
The bill to improve currency con
ditions was further discussed, but ad
journment was taken without final
action.
New Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 5.—
John A. Smythe has been appointed
postmaster at Caatella, Peter A. Jur
gensen at Lovelock, and C. F. Rlecken
at Oakvllle. Napa County, California.
ADELPHIANS* UNION MEETING.—Ala
meda. Jan. D. —Mies Anna Strunsky, who col
laborated with Jack London in the production
of the "Kempton Wace Letters." will lecture
before the union meeting of the Adelphian Club
Saturday on "William Marris. Artist. Poet and
Socialist." Musical number* will be rendered
by Miss Hazel Knowles and William B. Wag
goner.
•
FATHER'S FAME
PLEASES SON
University Student Reads
of Recognition Accorded
Parent in Far-6ff Home
RENOWN OF BUENCAMINO
Notable Filipino. Whose
Boy Is at Berkeley, Sub
ject of Elaborate Story
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 5.
j The eyes of Felipe Buencamlno, a
j Filipino student at the State Univer
. sity, bulged out with delight to-day,
I when he was shown copies of the Cen
tury magazine, containing an illus
trated article which described in eu
logistic fashion young Buencamino's
father, who is one of the most promi
nent Filipinos on the islands.
David Gray, a correspondent and an
army officer . from . America spent
i Christmas with the Buencaminos in
! Manila, and Gray has written of the
! family, and the Christmas celebration
j enjoyed with its members.
I The son, who is at the university, is
'.referred to in the article, in connection
| with a paragraph which describes the
J senior Buencamino's habits of modern
| thought.
• Pictures of the elder man, of his
wife and daughters adorn the article,
and the youngster at the university
danced with delight as he recognized
the loved familiar faces, in scenes
which to him are home.
The elder Buencamfno is rated as one
of the most able of the Filipinos. For
his services to the American Govern
ment he has been rewarded with power
and position. His loyalty to the Fili
pino people was not questioned during
their resistance to both Spain and
America, but when wisdom and
patriotism (these being the words of
Buencamino's admirers) dictated that
the Filipino people could serve their
own interests better by co-operation
with Americans than by resisting
them, then Buencamino "came in," as
the saying is. and with him most of the
influential men .of his party.
Aguinaldo is a friend and intimate
of the Buencaminos. Young Buencam
ino, at the university, knows the fa
mous war chief of the Filipinos from
having seen him at the Buencamino
household. The o§ce belligerent war
rior is now at peace, but though de
feated, Buencamino says he has not
lost his hold on the Filipinos, who still
revere him.
SEEKS RELIEF IN DEATH
FROM BURDEN OF WOES
Alexander Main, an Aged and Lonely
Scotsman, Finds Life Too
Heavy to Endure.
OAKLAND, Jan. b. — Despondent
over the death of ■ his wife, ill and
troubled about his son's burdens, Alex
ander F. Main, 77 years old, ended his
earthly woes to-night by shooting
himself In the head while alone in the
old Horace Carpentler residence, 252
Third street.
Neighbors heard a shot shortly after
6 o'clock this evening and summoned
Patrolman Kyle, who found the body
in the room, the pistol lying near by.
Friends of the old man said he had
been brooding for a long time over his
condition. Soon after Mrs. Main's
death several months ago Herbert
Main, the son, an employe of the
Southern Pacific Company, met an ac
cident which cost him many weeks of
suffering in the Railroad Hospital and
the loss of several fingers. Young
Main was barely out of bed when his
wife was taken seriously ill from ty
phoid fever and was sent to the hos
pital. These things distressed the
elder Main greatly.
Main was a native of Scotland. For
many years he was in business as an
expert accountant. Coroner Mehr
mann took charge of the body.
VAN HORNS WILL FIGHT
OVER POSSESSION OF BOY
Attorney for Mother Believes Appeal
From Divorce Decree Stays
Giving Son to Father.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.—Willis Van
Horn, the 14-year-old son of Professor
Ross Van Horn and Marion Van Horn
of Berkeley, was not produced in court
this morning by the mother, as di
rected by a writ of habeas corpus left
for her at her home at 2222 Bancroft
way, Berkeley, last night. This after
noon, however, Mrs. E. Sloane, a sis
ter bf Mrs. Van Horn's, appeared and
stated that she was not at home and
upon representations of her attorney
the matter was continued until Mon
day.
When the mother did not appear
this morning Van Horn felt fully con
vinced that the boy had been taken
out of the Jurisdiction of the court,
but the appearance of the sister and
her attorney allayed his anxiety. He
was granted the custody of the child
when given a divorce some weeks ago,
but has been unable to get the child
and has Instituted these proceedings,
to have it given him through the
courts. Attorney W. W. McNair, for
Mrs. Van Horn, has filed notice of an
appeal in the divorce case and is in
hopes that this will act as a stay on
the court's order until the appeal has
been heard.
Finds New Double Stars.
BERKELEY, Jan. 5. —More double
stars have been discovered and meas
ured at the Lick Observatory. The
latest bulletin issued by the University 1
Press contains an account of another
hundred new double stars discovered
and measured by Assistant Astronomer
R. G. Aitken. These new double stars
are of the same character as those pre- I
vlously discovered at the Lick Obser
vatory. The distance between the two !
components in most of them is very I
small and nearly all would be difficult
objects to observe under conditions less
favorable than obtain at Mount Ham
ilton.
Special attention is called to two of
these new' pairs, because they consist
of closer components than previously
known double stars and are likely to
prove interesting binary systems.
WANTS DUCK POND.—Oakland, Jan. 5.—
The hearing of an injunction to keep hunters
oft certain duck ponds near Newark is taking
place before Judge Melvln. G. W. Emmons
of Alameda claims to hold a lease of the land
from Sebastian Ligouri. the owner.. The lat
ter says Emmons abandoned the lease, which
was made In 1807 to run for. ten years. For
thai last two or three years ' Ligouri has In
vited his friends to shoot over the ponds and
Emmons has laid claim to them and asked for
an injunction and claims the lease la still is
force.
OLD ST. JOHN'S
HALF CENTURY
Mother Episcopal Church of
Alameda County to Cele
brate Its Golden Jubilee
THREE DAYS' SERVICES
Members to Hold Memorial
in Honor of Father Aker
ly, Founder of the Parish
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 6.
The celebration of the Jubilee anni
versary of organization of St. John's j
Episcopal Church of Oakland will be- ,
gin at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning
with the parochial celebration of holy
communion and will continue until j
Sunday evening. January 8. Special
services will be held on each of the
three days, including a union service of
all the parishes of Alameda County,
and a memorial service for the Rev.
Benjamin Akerly, D. D., the founder of
Bt. John's Church. The Right Rev.
William Ford Nichols, Bishop of the di- j
ocese; the Right Rev. Sidney C. Par
tridge, Bishop of Kioto, Japan; the
Rev. W. A. Brewer, registrar of the
diocese; the Rev. David McClure of
San Francisco, the Rev. S. J. Lee and
the rectors of the Episcopal churches
of Alameda County will participate in
tho jubilee celebration.
St. John's Episcopal Church was or
ganized in 1855 and is known as the
"mother church" of Alameda County.
The church was established by the
Rev. Benjamin Akerly, D. D., who for
many years was its rector. The first
regular service was held on the first
Sunday after Epiphany, in 1855. in an
upper room on the corner of Broadway
and Seventh street. During the long
rectorship of Dr. Akerly, while St.
John's was yet a mission, its clergy
man and people reached out to plant
new altars in other places, and to as
sist in maintaining those already set
up. To read the history of St. John's
Church is to read a very important
part of the history of the other Epis
copal churches in Alameda County.
On Sunday morning, December 13,
1896, the main building of the church
was destroyed by fire, but the guild
room and the vestry were saved, and
with them were saved the parish rec
ords, containing all the more important
historical records of the church. The
present church building at Eighth and
Grove streets was erected almost on
the site of the >one destroyed by fire,
and the Rev. W. A. Brewer, who will
preach the jubilee sermon next Sunday
evening, preached the sermon at the
dedication of the new edifice.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
WELL-KNOWN RESIDENT DEAD.—Oak
land. Jan. 5. —Henry 8. Klnsel, a member of
the well-known Kinsel family that Uvea near
San Eeandro, died last evening at the family
residence.
GROCERS' ANNUAL BANQt'ET. —Oak-
land, Jan. s.—The annual banquet of the Re
tail Grocer*' Association of Alameda County
will be held on Monday evening, January !♦.
at Foresters' Hall.
RAILS FOR ROAD. —Richmond, Jan. B.—
The rails for the connection between thls*T?lty
and Oakland of the electric street railroad
system have arrived, and it is expected that
the road will be in operation In about a
month.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.—OakIand. Jan. 5.
The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Narciso Lucchesl.
23, and Emma Lenchtony, 18, both of Oak
land; Joseph H. O'Brien. and Margaret M.
Rcbinson, 25, both of San Francisco.
BANKS HOLD M£ETlNG.—Oakland, Jan.
6—The State Savings Bank has held Its an
nual meeting and elected the following offi
cer*: : President, J. C. Mi Mullen: vice presi
dent. Dudley Kinsel; cashier. R. J. McMulien;
director?. J. C, McMulien. Dudley Kinsel, C.
H Jones. J. P. Langtry and W. C. Moody.
LOST THEIR MINDS —Oakland. Jan. 5.—
Joseph Mitchell, 84 years of age, was ad-
Judged insane this morning and committed to
the Stockton Asylum. He is suffering from
senile dementia. Nina Frontin is now confined
In the Insane ward awaiting examination, It
being alleged by Mrs. Annie Forrest of 26:;
East Eighteenth street that she is dangerous
to herself and others.
WOODMEN CHOOSE OFFICERS.—AIame
da. Jan. f>.—Encinal Camp No. 767. Woodmen
of the World, has elected the following offi
cers: Council commander. A. E. Coffey; ad
visor lieutenant, Thomas Spead; clerk, M. C
Turner; banker, J. J. Knight; escort. D.' A.
Sullivan; watchman. William Doubledee; sen
try. John Fause; manager. F. B Van Nos
trand.
OLD-TIME EDITOR DEAD.—Oakland, Jan.
B.—Word has been received from Brooklyn,
N. T., of the death of Thomas Cook, an old
time newspaper man well known on this coast.
He was for a while editor 6t the Oakland
Times, and at different times held positions or,
San Francisco papers. He was 73 years of
age and of late had been doing editorial work
on the New York Mail and Express.
CARNEGIE LIBRARY OPENlNG.—Berke
ley, Jan. s.—The trustees of the new Carnegie
library have set the night of January 26 as
the time for the opening of the institution.
Each person visiting the building and hearing
the speeches and music then will be required
to bring a book, to be donated to the library.
The structure cost $40, COO and waa designed
by John Galen Howard, professor of archi
tecture at the State University.
ORGANIZE THEATER PARTY.—Oakland,
Jan. 5. —Young Men's Institute day is to be
celebrated In Oakland on February 22 with a
theater party by ail of the Institutes in this
section. The party will be at the Liberty
Theater and the regular performance will be.
sL'i-plemented by special exercises by mem- I
bers of the order. "Paul Revere" will be the
attraction for the evening. The special exer
cises are In the hands of committees.
WANTS BLASTING STOPPED.—Oakland.
Jan. 5. —The touching off of eight big blasts
mar the property of Mrs. G. Melvln at Seven
teenth avenue and Twenty-second street was
stopped by injunction to-day and the fuses
may not be lighted until January 14, nor then
If the court deems It a nuisance. The blasts
are those of the E. B. & A. L. Stone Con
struction Company and their operations are
annoying Mrs. Melvln, who proposes to stop
it if she can.
ROBBERY AT RACETRACK.—OakIand.
Jan. *s.—The police have been notified that a
gi>ng of thieves and hard characters are oper-
I at'.ng a*, the Emeryville racetrack, stealing
from the stables and holding up horsemen.
Tuesday evening; a foreman in L»e Blasln
game's stables warn awakened to find a vicious
pistol staring him in the face, while a gruff
command came for him to keen/ quiet under
penalty of being shot. The intrtder had ran
sacked the place. He locked the foreman la
the barn when he departed.
GRANTED DECREES.—Oakland, Jan. 5.—
I The following Interlocutory decrees of dlvorc*
vere granted to-day: Attlla B. Gilligan from
Martin F. Gilligan for habitual intemperance:
Elizabeth McMahon from E. L. McMahon for
desertion; Jennie B. Cook from Charles I}.
Cooktfor failure to provide; Mamie Hornberger
from Elmer E. Hornberger for neglect and in
temperance; Esther Brennan from Edward E.
Brennan for habitual Intemperance: Margaret
Welch from Jofln Welch; Louise M. Orear
from William L Orear for adulter)'- A final
decree was granted Clara J. Tate from John
H. Tate for desertion***-
Heir to a Large Estate.
PASADENA. Jan. 6.—Richard P.
Taylor, a grocer, has been informed
that he is heir to a large estate in In
dia left by his brother t othe Rajah,
who cannot, according to the laws of
the country, accept it. Taylor thinks
.the fortune amounts to more than
$100,000, He will leave shortly for
India.
FAMILY OF SIX
CROSSES DESERT
W. A. Wright, Wife and Four
Daughters Travel From
Colorado in an Old Wagon
ARRIVE IN BERKELEY
Five Teams of Horses Worn
Out in Long and Tedious
Journey to California
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Jan. 5.
The days of '49 were recalled to
those who have read of tbe overland
pilgrimages made at that time when
Warren A. Wright, hla wife
and four daughters rolled into
Berkeley last night in a "P r & iri ®
schooner," in which they have lived
since July 7. The girls and their par
ents have traveled 5:400 miles over
desert, mountain, river and P- laln
wearing out five pairs of horses in tne
journey, and at last they have found
a haver- in South Berkeley.
The father was in search of employ
ment when he left Boulder. Colo., si*
months ago. He is a paper-hanger.
Fayette, Idaho, was his objective point.
That was a 400-mile trip. There was
nothing for him at Fayette, and then
began the long overland Journey to
California, through the Northwest and
down the coast by way of Oregon.
Mrs. Wright said to-day:
The trip wae a weird one. I wonder we lived
through it. Once when our horses gave out on
the desert nobody would sell ue hay. Some
times the alkali and thirst nearly drove us
wild. At night we often fought mosquitoes,
unable to sleep. Often we helped the animals
pull the wagon through the sand and snow.
At night we would think of home and pray.
The four girls of the family range in
age from 16 to 4 years. The Wrights
have rented a cottage at Fifty-eighth
and McCalla streets. When they light
ed the fires there last night it was the
first inclosure they had found shelter
In, besides their tented wagon, since
July 7.
OAKLAND'S MOST
GIFTED SINGER
NOW A BRIDE
BY ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE.
OAKLAND. Jan. announce
ment of the marriage last evening of
Miss Carolyn Crew to E. Walter Kasor
is one of the many surprises the new
year has had in store for us. It is only
lately that the friends of the talent
ed young singer have begun to suspect
thatf mere man was sharing her devo
iior( to art, and preparations for last
night's event were so quietly made
that few knew it was to be.
This wedding was a charming home
affair, a profusion of Christmas berries,
and holiday greens supplying an ar
tistic setting for the nuptial picture.
The ceremony was simplicity itself.
Rev. Dr. Dille officiating. There were
no attendants, the bride being given
into her husband's keeping by her
father, J. S. Crew.
The bride, who is petite and bru
nette, wore neither veil nor bridal
white, her gown being an exquisite cre
ation of pearl gray chiffon. A notice
able ornament glittered on her breast —
the diamond cross, which was the wed
ding gift of her mother.
Tnis happy young bride of a day
has probably the most perfect lyric
soprano of any singer in California.
Her voice acquired a rare perfection
of tone under the careful training of
Clement P. Rowlands, who. up to his
recent departure for England, was her
only tutor. Siuce then she has been
studying with Dr. H. J. Stewart of
San Francisco.
Mrs. Ra3or avers that marriage shall
make no change in the musical career
she has mapped out for herself. She
will continue to occupy her position
as leading soprano in the choir of the
First Methodist Church, and will also
take part, as planned, in the opera
Miss Cope is now rehearsing for the
big Fabiola benefit.
Mr. and Mrs. Rasor will enjoy their
honeymoon in the southern part of
the State, and on their return will re -
side at 1376 Haight street, San Fran
cisco, where the groom has made ready
a beautiful home for his bride.
The groom is vice president of the
well-known lumber firm of Sudden &
Christenson.
• • •
Mrs. James A. Johnson will entertain
next Monday afternoon.
• • •
On Tuesday Mrs. Henry Abrahamson
will be nostess at a large card party
given to a number of her girl friends.
♦ • •
Miss Marie Hopps, who has been
Miss Noelle de Golia's guest for some
time, will be the motif of a pleasant
affair being planned by Miss Marion
Walsh for Saturday week. A dozen
guests will enjoy a luncheon and the
ater party across the bay.
* £ •
Paul Lohse has accepted a Govern
ment commission in Mexico, and left
j last night for Jiminez. Mrs. Lohse and
Miss Clarlsse Lohse will not join him
| until later in the year.
Funeral of David Vogt.
OAKLAND, Jan. 6. —The funeral of
David Vogt, who was found dead in
the bathroom of his home, 522 Twen
tieth street, last evening will be held
next Sunday, under the auspices of
Oakland Lodge No. 118, I. O. O. F.
1 The Red Men and Hermann's Sons, of
which the deceased was also a member,
will hold services at Mountain View
I Cemetery, where the remains will be
| interred in the family plot. Mr. Vogt
j leaves a wife and five children. Henry
and John Vogt, Mrs. Charles Grimme,
{ Mrs. A. Gates and Mrs. Jessie Andrew.
{ He also leaves a stepdaughter, Mrs. L.
j Agnew.
Hemenway to Succeed Fairbanks.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Jan. s.—The
Ltgislature convened to-day. Senator
Albert J. Beveridge will be elected
unanimously to succeed himself and
James A. Hemenway. chairman of the
Appropriations Committee In the Na
tional House*of Representatives, will
be elected to succeed Vice President
elect Fairbanks.
NEW YORK. Jan. s.—lt waa reported in
New York to-night that the presidency of the
Dong Island Railroad, made vacant by the
death of W. H. Baldwin Jr.. will be offered
to Samuel Rea. now fourth vice president of
the Pennsylvania Railroad.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Jan. s—The Dodge
lectureship at Yale University for the vcar
l»oe win be fllled by the appointment of Wil
liam U. Taft. Secretary of War.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF< THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
. Telephone North 17.
ALAMEDA.
1455 Park Street.
SOUND OF WAVES CAUSES
ATTACK OF HYDROPHOBIA
Patient En Route to Pasteur Institute
Succumbs on Board Brooklyn
Perry-Boa t.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6. —Wnils on the
way to a Pasteur institute in Brook
lyn, accompanied by a physician,
Henry L*nehan of Wilkeabarre. Pa.,
said to be tha son of a well-known
attorney, died in great agony from
hydrophobia. He was bitten two
months ago by a pet spaniel, and, al
though little indication of rabies de
veloped, it was decided to bring him
here for treatment.
According to the physician who ac
companied him, the moment
heard the swashing of the waves
against the ferry-boat in the river he
went into a spasm. The doctor lmme
dlately applied drugs and revived Mm,
but before the boat reached the ferry
slip in Brooklyn the unfortunate
young man was attacked a secona
t 'ln the ferry-house he was overcome
again, barking and shrieking in a man
ner to frighten the crowd. Despite the
best efforts of the doctor he died In a
few minutes.
KANSAS CITY AUDIENCE
WELCOMES MELBA'S PROTEGE
Australian Singer and Talented Amer
ican Girl Appear in the Latter**
Home City.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 6.—Madame
Melba and her company appeared in
Convention Hall before the largest au
dience ever gathered in this city to
hear concert or grand opera.
Her protege, Miss Elizabeth Par
kinson, known professionally as Miss
Parkins, whose home Is In this city,
made her first appearance here since
her European successes and the great
audience gave her an extraordinary
welcome home, recalling her again and
again. Mme. Melba, who also was
warmly received, was very generous,
introducing the younger singer, and
giving her the principal numbers of
thf programme.
The company is on its way to fill en
gagements in Australia. Mme. Melba's
son. Charles Armstrong of Texas- will
her to the Pacific Coast.
SPECIAL AND LIMITED
TRAIN IN A COLLISION
Trains Crash Together in Blinding
Snowstorm and Eight Passengers
i Are Injured.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 5.—A
rear-end collision occurred late last
night between the Twentieth Century
and the Chicago, Boston and-
New York special on the Lake Shore
road near Angola, N. V., as a result
of which eight passengers were in
jured, but none fatally. Both trains
were eastbound. A blinding snow
storm prevented the engineers of the
train following from seeing the block
signal. Among those injured waa Ma
joV Richardson, U. S. A., cut on the
head.
DETECTIVE FOUND DEAD
IN CHAIR IN APARTMENTS
Police of Chicago Believe official s
Death Was Accomplished by
Foul Means.
CHICAGO, Jan. 5. —In the death of
George H. Venekamp, a detective, the
police believe they have a possible
murder mystery. A week ago Vene
kamp was beaten Into insensibility by
two men who attacked him on the
street and it was only two days ago
that he left a hospital. His body was
found upright in a chair in his apart
ments. There were bruises on the
head, but the police could not deter
mine whether they were freshly in
flicted.
New Agent for Wells-Fargo.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5. —A. T. Drisser
has been appointed by Wells, Fargo &
Co. to take charge of the local office.
He will assume control on January 9.
For five months the Oakland office has
been in charge of C. C. Morey, who will
at once return to his former position as
route agent of the company on the Pa
cific Coast.
Christian Science.
Rabbi M". S. Levy of the Geary
Street Temple will deliver his second
lecture on "Christian Science as it Af
fects Jewish Sympathizers," at the
regular morning service to-morrow at
the Temple, Octavla and Geary
streets.
WOMAN SHOPLIFTER "CAUGHT. —Mrs.
Mary Johnson was arrested yesterday after
noon for shoplifting. She was caught In the
act of taking three shirt waists from one <>f
the counters in O'Connor, Moffatt * Co.'s
store. After taking the waists off the counter
she went downstairs and wrapped them up.
Joseph Costello, who is connected with the
house, notified a policeman and as the woman
was leaving the store she was placed under
arrest.
NAME OF NEW BOAT.—Oakland. Jan. 5.—
The name of the new Key Route ferry-boat,
which is nearly completed at Dickie's yards
in Alameda, has been decided upon and the
craft will be called the San Francisco. The
engines have arrived from the East and are
being put in place.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
are cured by
Hydrozone
▼ and
Glycozone
Endontd by tht MmHeml Profession.
By destroying germs, they as
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-rive cents to pay ex
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Sold by Leading DruggUt*.
Net genalu* ualcms label bears my signatsrs;
610 Prince Street. N. Y.
Write r»r free inrornsttna
■Ypnoaeaa «■« «i,TC*tTOMi»\ADVERTISEMENTS. '
SAN FRANCISCO STORE ONLY
JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE
All imported goods—worth from $3.50 to $7.00 per yard—all must I
=- =be cleared up in this sale
SUITS OR. OVERCOATS MADE TO ORDER. FOR f Og^
NO MORE J s # oo INQ LESS
FREE! FREE! AN extra pair of pants with every suit or overcoat FREE! FREE!
Black goods in 100 different styles and makes —Blue goods as many. Genuine imported Scotch* Tweeds and hundreds of other styles go in this sale. • MS^SSr^^W^V
These goods are from the best make of woolens and only carried by the best merchant tailoring houses and sold from $35.00 to $50.00 a suit or overcoat. Our price
with the best workmanship and trimmings for % mi^ffSSP^pri
INQ MORE J s # oo IN ° LESS
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLAR STOCK to select from. All full bolts of goods. % Hj
During this sale we will make the following styles of suits: Double-Breasted Sacks, Doubie-Breasted Prince Alberts, 3 or J Button Cutaways, J, 3 or 4 Button iSBv
Sacks, and also Tuxedo Suits. Bfir
OUR GUARANTEE—If any part of garment, does not, wear satisfactorily we will renew same FREE OF CHARGE.
FR.EE! FR.EE! DUIUNC this sale we will silk line any black suit free of charge FR.EE! FR.EE!
SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS. Inc.
1009 MARKET STREET : : : San Francisco Store ONLY
SERI INDIANS
ARE DEFEATED
f roops Headed by Governor
Ysabel Are Victorious in
a Battle With the Savages
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
• TUCSON, Ariz.. Jan. s.—The expedi
tion against the Seri Indians of Tib
uron Island returned to Guaymas
"Wednesday, dissipating the rumor that
the entire party had been ambushed
acd massacred by the savages. Gov
ernor Ysabel, who commanded the ex
pedition, instead of being surprised by
the Indians, 'took the savages un
"a wares, slew nearly three score in a
.sharp fight, and took the survivors,
numbering nearly a hundred, prisoners.
Tne Papagc-es who went from Guay
mas .by land to Tibuion are still be
lieved to have been annihilated by the
S«.ris. although no information re
'•gardin>r them can be gained from the
prisoners who survived the fight on
Tiburon.
'The Mexican expedition came upon
the Seris the second day after landing.
• The island is not large end the mixed
f i <. of Seris and Yaquis was soon run
dawn. The Seris were armed with
bowa and arrows while a few of the
Yaquis had rities. The battle was
short, but the Mexicans had lost twen
ty killed and reduced the ranks of the
enemy by half before the Seris surren
dered. The survivors, together with the
women and children who huddled to
. gother at some distance, had watched
the fight, were made prisoners. The
fhip which brought the Mexican ex
pedition to the island could noi make a
Second landing for two days because of
h veritable hurricane which came up
the night after the fight and Ysabel
was consequently compelled t;> remain
on the l3la:id for two days. A detach
ment which crossed to the mainland In
'search of the Papagoes could find no
• trace of them.
The v wage to Guaymas was delayed
b> storms, making the party almost a
• v late, thus causing great anxiety
giving rise to wild rumors io the
t it;xt the men had been aa
•i ■>>• thp Indians or shipwrecksd
the suit The Mexican authorities
ar»» not <]isp*jS'-d to be severe with th?
S( . is- and homes for a number of the
• Kildren have already beer, found in
Guaymas. If the leaders can be dis
• d « ill bie tried and executed.
Town Talk.
'J'here are some interesting paragraphs
is week's Town Talk on the sensa
' .' paff of a local attorney who is
■ in the public eye. The Saunterer
1 icubsse* the latest object of Interest to
Lchmaking mammas, tell* of a dread
( ficaae that has broken out in San Fran
r isco society and why the assembly
'"ances n:e to be discontinued. He also
usses l_»avid Starr Jordan's latest ih
• r -tion. gives some Interesting inside
Information on the subject of the Sena
torial contest and tells of some Federal
plums that ar© about to fall. This week's
paper in of exceptional interest to liter
ary people, containing, as it does, an ex
pose of tho methods of an Eastern mag
azine in connection with its short story
contests. Politicians will be interested
In an open letter addressed to Governor
Pardee. •
WALLER TOANSKHRREO.--J. Waller;
Clurese interpreter for the t'nited States Im
migration Dureau, haa been transferred to Los
Aiigelee.
EXPECT LIVELY
TIME IN DENVER
Legislature of Colorado
Is Keady to "Do Things*'
at Its Session To-Day
DENVER, Jan. s.—To-morrow the
Colorado Legislature will "commence
to do things." When the joint session
of the House and Senate was dissolved
at 5:30 o'clock this afternoon all the
preliminaries to the canvassing of the
vote for State officers had been swept
away.
It is known that Lieutenant Gover
nor Haggott is of the opinion that the
courts are the proper place for the ad
justment of political contests, and an
effort may be made to induce or force
him to give way to Speaker Dickson,
who is favored by those members of
the Legislature who believe that the
contest between the rival candidates
for the Governorship should be settled
by the Legislature itself.
The message of Governor Peabody
read by the Governor, dealt, for the
most part, with recommendations con
corning reports frcm the various Slate
institutions. On the subject of the
militia, he touched briefly, referring the
Legislature to the executive report of
Adjutant General Sherman Bel, which
was so large that the Governor de
clared that he could not attempt to
epitbmize it. On the question of elec
tions, the message was as follows:
The fraudulent conduct oi elections under
our present system demands your immediate
and conc-rten action. in a general way it
seems sufficient to say that a modern primary
and registration law should be enacted and
the advisability of introducing voting machines
should be considered. In sorrow we must ad
mit that (ha elective franchise, especially in
Denver, has been sadly misused and prosti
tuted. A patient people protest and these out
raiti- should Us ended.
On the labor troubles the Governor,
after urging the adoption of a reason
able eight-hour law, said:
B*r!y In ;ny administration a certain organ
ization hnown as the Western Federation of
Miners, claiming public consideration under
the nr-me of labor, whose officers and those In
direct charge of Its management are bold,
careless, reckless men. attempted to ferment
tuMc in several industrial sections cf Ctol
i rado, to the end that that particular organi
sation should have recognition In the opera
ar.d manasfrnent of the mines, mills and
j-melteis, wherever located In the State, which
»rr.:ts culminated in the arbitrary calling of
the most senseless, causeless, unjustifiable and
inexcusable strikes ever known in this or any
otter country.
I recommend the passage o* an act by your
honorable body prohibiting boycotting, picket
ing, unfair lists or other Interference with the
lawful business or occupation of others and
ptwvtde a suitable penalty therefor.
Both Democrats and Bepublicans in
sist that everything will pass off peace
ably. The sole prophet to the con
trary was Representative Bromley.
who with comic seriousness'objected to
a railing being placed across two of the
three archways in the rear of the
House. Representative Freeman pro
posed the railing with the idea of pro
tecting the members in the rear seats
from the crowding by spectators. Rep
resentative Bromley, who sits in the
last row, declared that he wished no
railing behind his seat.
"There may be things doing in this
room before long," he asserted, "and I
may want to get out quick."
The roar of laughter that followed
his words effectually disposed of the
proposition to build the railing.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6. 1905.
WILL APPEAL
FROM DECISION
Harriman and Pierce Are to
Carry Northern Securities
Case to the Supreme Court
NEW YORK, Jan. s.—That the
Northern Securities case will be taken
up to the United States Supreme Court
on a writ of certiorari by E. H. Harri
man and the interests allied with him
was announced by W. D. Guthrie of
counsel for the Harriman faction to
day. Copies of the decision of the
United States Court of Appeals were
received by counsel to-day. After pe
rusal of the decree Guthrie said an ap
plication for a w-rit would be made to
the Supreme Court as soon as the court
reconvened.
The Court of Appeals dissolved the
injunction which had been secured by
the Harriman interests restraining: the
distribution of the assets of the North
ern Securities Company nr.d its decision
was in effect a defeat for the interests
of Harriman and Winslow S. Pierce to
secure the return of the Northern Pa
cific stock which they turned over to
the Northern Securities Company, and
which was valued at $75,098.000.
It is expected that a writ of certio
rari from tho United States Supreme
Court will act as a stay and prevent
temporarily the distribution of the
Northern Pacific stock held by the
Great Northern Company.
"NAN" PATTERSON SEEMS
FATED TO STAY IN JAIL
Action on the Actress* Application for
Freedom Is Delayed by
Technicalities.
NEW YORK, Jan. s.—When argu
ment for the release of "Nan" Patter
son on bail was heard yesterday by
Justice Greenbaum, in the Supreme
Court, the Justice reserved decision
until to-day and requested the attor
neys to cubmit briefs.
This morning Justice Greenbaum
informed Abraham Levy, counsel for
Miss Patterson, that he had received
no briefs from the District Attorney's
office, and therefore could render no
decision until later In the day.
This afternoon the District Attorney
made his return to the petition fdr
bail, but did not hand up a brief. Jus
tice Greenbaum then informed Levy
that he would take the matter under
advisement, and that he would not
hand down his decision before to
morrow.
ZIONIST SETTLEMENT
IS UNDER DISCUSSION
Vienna Scene of Convention of Which
British East African Project
Is Sole Topic.
VIENNA, Jan. s.—The conference
of the Zionist Committee on the pro
posed Jewish settlement in British
East Africa is proceeding here. No
decision has yet been reached. It is
probable that the International Zion
ist Congress, to be held later in the
year, will decide the settlement ques
tion after the committee of investiga
tion now in Uganda reports on the
subject.
DEMENTED MAN
IS CAPTURED
stranger Who Jumped From
Santa Fe Train Is Caught
in Mountains Near Keene
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. s.—Constable
j Ketts to-day arrested a wild man in j
j the mountains near Keene, on the:
j Southern Pacific line. The man. who j
j appears to have been an old soldier, j
j became demented last Tuesday while j
I passing through the mountains as a
! passenger on the Santa Fe train, and !
! breaking the window in a Pullman car 1
| sprang to the ground and tied into the
! adjoining hills.
I When found to-day by the constable
j the stranger was covered with blood,
I due to cuts made by the broken wln
dow glass. He had wandered around
miserably in the mountains during two ■
! severely cold nights. He fiercely fought i
j *he officer and had to be tied hand and
foot. He is now lodged in the County
| Jail and an effort Is being made to dis-
I cover his identity.
OPPOSES DISSOLUTION
OF IRRIGATION DISTRICT
Attorney of Escondido Says Petition
Was Not by Majority of
Stockholders.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 6. —Attorney F.
P. Willard of Escondido this ' after
noon filed a document in the Superior
Court opposing the dissolution of the
Escondido Irrigation District. It is al
leged that the petition for the dissolu
tion of the district was not signed by
a majority of the land owners of the
district and that the assessment made
is not a valid lien against the proper
ty. It is further alleged that the plan
proposed is a scheme to change the
irrigation district into a stock com
pany and sever the water from the
land.
Some weeks ago the property own
ers of the district voted to pay off
the indebtedness of the district
amounting to a quarter of a million
dollars. This wjas done and it was
then proposed to form a water asso
ciation. Attorney Willard says the as
sociation would not be a public utility,
but on the contrary would'be a close
corporation. The court has not yet
confirmed the dissolution. The pro
test will be heard by Judge Conklin
at a date not yet set.
ATTEMPT MADE TO WRECK
FAST NEW YORK EXPRESS
Heavy Iron Bar Driven in Switch on
* Uie Baltimore and Ohio
Road.
WHEELING, W. Va., Jan. s.—At
Underwood an attempt was made to
day to wreck the faat New York and
Chicago express on the Baltimore and
Ohio road. A heavy iron bar was
driven in the switch with such force
that twenty minutes* work was re
quired to remov* it. Had the train
gone through at the regular rate it
would have rolled over the mountain
side. There were more than 200 peo
ple on the train. The condition of the
switch waa discovered by a trackman.
DEPUTY LOSES
TWO PRISONERS
(toes Into Napa Courthouse
Leaving Them in the Yard
and They Promptly Decamp
Soecial Dispatch to The Call.
i NAPA, Jan. 5. —Two prisoners who
j v. ere undergoing sentence in the Napa
I County Jail. Nathan Chord and Morris
j Happ, made their escape this after
| noon. Four prisoners had been at work
j sawing wood in the courthouse yard
: and another one was clearing up the
lawn. Two young men from St. Helena,
from which place Chord was commit
ted, stood talking for a few minutes
>vith Chord and Happ, while Deputy
sheriff J. F. Hottel was guarding the
men. Hottr] went to the courtroom for
a few minutes to act for the Sheriff
[at a trial in progress, and Chord and
i Happ saw their opportunity. They
walked away, and when a few blocks
distant from the jail tvirned and ran.
The other three prisoners in the yard
made no attempt to escape. When Hot
tel discovered the escape of Chord and
Happ their companions were still at
thr- woodpile.
Chord was serving two terms of ISO
days each for petty larceny. He was
convicted on October 29. 1!»04. Happ was
serving a sentence of SO days for steal
ing razors from a barber shop. He was
convicted on December 2, 1904. Officers
are scouring the country for the fugi
tives. "
WILD BUILD NEW WAGON
ROAD INTO THE BIG BASIN
Board of Supervisors of Santa Cruz
County Appropriates $12,000 to
Carry on the Work.
BOULDER CREEK. Jan. 5. —The
Board of Supervisors of Santa Cruz
County has appropriated $12,000 to
construct a wagon road from Boulder
Creek to California Redwood Park,
commonly known as the Big Basin.
Work will commence at once and it
is believed the road will be open for
travel by summer. The route adopted
provides an easy, wide grade, with
concrete drains and guard rails along
all dangerous places.
Oil Companies Sign New Contract.
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 5. —The inde
pendent oil agency represented by
eighteen prominent companies have
signed a contract with the Associated
Oil Companies which practically
means the delivery of four million
barrels of oil at 18 cents a barrel, be
tween now and January 1, 1906.
Among the companies that have
signed and that represent a daily pro
duction of 12,000 barrels are the Ves
ta, Nevada. County, Globe, Continen
tal, Illinois Crude. Enterprise. Mari
copa, Lackawanna, Euclid, Sterling,
Lion and Poloma.
New Lighthouse in the Bay.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.—The Sen
ate Committee on Commerce reported
favorably to-day bills providing for
the establishment of a lighthouse near
Santa Barbara Landing, Cal., and .a
lighthouse and fog signal at Red
Rock, San Francisco Bay.
DODGE GEMS BRING LESS
THAN HALF OF VALUE
Jewels Seized by Customs Officials
Two Ye«rs Ago Sold at
Public Auction.
NEW YORK. Jan. 5. —The now
famous Dodge jewels, which were
seized by customs inspectors from Mrs.
Phyliss E. Dodge two years ago be
cause their owner failed to declare
them, were sold to-day at public auc
tion. The average purchase price was
generally less than 50 per cent of the
appraised value.
A pearl necklace valued at $35,060
abroad, with a duty of $21,036 in the
United States, total value $56,096. was
sold for $21,000. A ruby and diamond
charm and pendant brought $525 and
a diamond dog collar value at $4500
abroad, with a duty of $2700. whole
value $7200. was sold for $3525.
Contract for New Smelter.
' BOSTON*. Jan. 5. —President R. D.
Evans of the United States Alining
Company announced to-day that a
contract had been let by the company
for the construction of a 600-ton smel
ter at the Mammoth group of mines in
California and the company is assem
bling the machinery, presses, etc., for
development on a large scale.
WASHINGTON. Jan. s.—The prospects are
that this session of Congress will not pass a
river and harbor bill.
made
DIES RATHER THAN PAY
FOUR CENTS FOR AN EGG
New Jersey Miser Finds It Easier to
Quit Life Than to Obey
His Physician.
BURLINGTON, N. J., Jan. 5.—
Rather than pay 4 cents apiece for
eggs, which had been prescribed as
necessary nourishment to hold body
and soul together. Firman Dubell, 86
years old, an eccentric miser, died of
starvation in the midst of his curiously
hidden fortune, which amounts to al
most $500,000.
Eggs and milk the physician had
prescribed for the aged miser, who
had grown weak after living all his
life on mush and molasses, bread au/i
cheese, with the occasional luxury of
salt pork or ham.
A hired man, who received * s hi"
weekly wage a share of the generous
fare served at Dubell's table, with 1:>
! cents as an especial favor at Christ
mas, was sent to the grocery for th
necessary eggs. When told the price
the °'<I man forbade the purchase.
Loses Fortune On the Street.
CHICAGO. Jan. s.—Somewhere in
the streets of the downtown district
and possibly unnoticed by thousands
of passersby is $1,800 in currency,
wrapped in ordinary brown paper and
bound around with a woolen string. J.
Eardenhire, a small dealer In Jewelry.
lis the loser. He did not trust banks.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRBCKBDS Proprtetor
ADDRESS ALL, COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN MoN AUGHT Manager
PTIBIJCATTON OmCE THIRD ACT MARKET STREETS, BAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY JANUARY «, 1905
CESSION OF THE YOSEMITE.
MEMBERS of the Native Sons' organization originated the
proposition to re-cede the Yosemite Valley and the Mari
posa Big Tree Grove to the Federal Government. The val
ley is now surrounded by the Yosemite Xatibnal Park, which is
under Federal jurisdiction, and the Big Tree Grove is surrounded
by a forest reserve, also under Federal jurisdiction.
The originators of the re-cession policy sought its indorsement
by the State Board of Trade. That body is in such high repute as
the promoter of all the material interests of the State that its in
dorsement is continually solicited by persons and organizations for
matters of public concern. The power and position of the State
Board of Trade have been preserved by the caution with which it
examines all these appeals. W hen any matter gets its indorsement it
is passed to the confidence of the State. The State Board refused
to indorse the policy of re-cession of the Yosemite Valley and Big
Tree Grove, and immediately provided a plebiscite to test the con
dition of public opinion as to that matter, for the benefit of the
Legislature.
This wise course on the part of the board is justified by the
general attention that has been aroused. So far it is apparent that
the proposition does not meet with favor. The reasons given for the
opposition are various, but in the mass of expressions appears some
influence looking to the use of the opinions presented as an influence
upon the Legislature, to secure large appropriations for the valley
from the State treasury.
This makes proper a statement of the reasons put forward by
the proponents of the re-cession, since these seem to have received
no consideration by a majority of those who have expressed them
selves in the matter. The re-cession was not put upon the financial
needs of the valley. The appropriations have been quite sufficient
for the proper and economical administration of the trust. If made
much larger they will promote extravagant vagaries that will injure
rather than conserve the great scenery of the valley. There is no
good reason for expecting that the Federal Government would much
increase the expenditures now made by the State. So the financial
considerations may be eliminated.
The actual reason for the cession is that as long as the State
administers the valley within the Yosemite National Park there is
a divided jurisdiction, frequently working at cross purposes and
often in open antagonism. To reach the valley from any direction
visitors must pass over the National Park under Federal control.
The roads and means of access are not controlled by the State at all.
. It cannot increase the facilities of access, nor in any way affect the
regulations of the National Park that incloses its jurisdiction. Un
der these circumstances the Federal Government has been besought
to buy and improve the roads to the valley, but obviously it has no
interest in doing so. If it had jurisdiction of the valley it would
naturally have to own and maintain those roads. The State will not
spend what is necessary to buy the roads and keep them up for
they run through Federal jurisdiction. In this and a variety of other
ways the divided jurisdiction is felt as an incumbrance.
There are two ways to end it. One would be the cession of the
Yosemite National Park to the State; the other the re-cession of the
valley to the United States. We may be pardoned for saying that
there is no question of State pride at issue, though it seems to be
used to enlarge the appropriations for the valley. The valley and
the Big Trees were there before the State's trusteeship existed, and
they would stand steadfast in their place, with undiminished gran
deur, if divided jurisdiction ceased and the administration were turned
over to the United States. As it js proposed to put the national
parks in the care of the Federal Bureau of Forestry, of which Mr.
Gifford Pinchot is the head, it is probable that the administration
would be greatly improved and that California would enjoy every
advantage now offered by the valley and the trees at Federal ex
pense.
This, we take it. is a reasonable statement of the position of the
• re-ceders. There is considerable hysteria in the expression of each
side in the matter. But for this there is no good reason. Of course
the parties who now enjoy the official advantages and emoluments
incident to State jurisdiction see dark plots and sinister motives in
the proposition, but the general public can afford indifference to these
visions.
In Golden Gate Park we have an example of a change of juris
diction that did not! obliterate any of the charms of that famous
spot. The Commissioners of that park, formerly appointed by the
Governor, are now appointed by the Mayor, and not a leaf has faded
nor a blade of grass grown dull in consequence. So would it be if
the United States received back the valley and the trees, and re
lieved our .State treasury of the cost of caring for them. In such
a> matter it is well to eliminate tragedy and epithet.
THE CONVERSION OF TSI AN.
j. . 1— i
IT is unofficially announced that Mr. Conger, our Minister to
China, with tin assistance of his wife, has converted the Empress
Dowager to Christianity, or at least to the cult known as Chris
tian Science, that peculiarly appeals to the Oriental mind. Tsi An
has for many years been the actual ruler of China, and up to the
conclusion of the Boxer war was stubbornly reactionary against all
reforms in that empire. After that she proceeded to relax much of
her rigor. The Manchus were ordered to intermarry with the Chi
nese, and were instructed to travel and seek education in the West
ern nations, like the Chinese have done for years. She also decreed
lhat the process of producing small feet in women should be no
longer practiced. Then she invited the wives of the foreign Ministers
to take tea with her. and unbent to a degree that was gratifying to
the legation ladies.
It was rumored that her marked preference for the society of
Mrs. Conger excited some jealousy among the ladies of the other le
gations, but the intimacy continued and is now said to have been
used by the Minister's wife in making an imperial convert to the
doctrines of Mrs. Eddy. As Christian Science is a strictly American
institution, of Boston origin, this conversion should result in the
progressive Yankeeizing of China. Whatever one may choose to
think about the Eddy religion the political effect of the adhesion of
Tsi An may be very marked. We have to advise her. however,
that it will not do to rely on Christian Science to defend her fron
tiers or preserve the territorial integrity of her empire. The land
grabbers do not care a tinker's dam, which is made of wet bread, for
mind waves, when it comes to seizing a seaport or pocketing a hin
terland. It may help her rheumatism and her often infirmities, but
guns, powder and soldiers will still be needed to keep the white
devils from gobbling up her country.
ANOTHER FROM KANSAS.
SOME irresponsible Solon of the Kansas Legislature has an
nounced his intention of submitting a bill legalizing the propa
ganda of the ten year marriage, which was advanced recently
by a respected British author now manifestly in his dotage. This
radical reformer of the social order would have it that marriages
should be regulated by the renewal of the license every ten years,
just as we give continuance to the privilege of conducting a saloon or
allowing a dog to run loose; then would the family tie be ideal ac
cording to his reckoning and the State Utopian.
We are accustomed to almost anything coming out of Kansas—
Populism, Carrie Nation, giant pumpkins and cyclones—the list of
curiosities is varied and interminable. This new freak of social phil
osophy is, then, probably but a sport of the hard winter or a mani
festation of the effect of spots on the sun. In the light of former
experiences with the Kansas product of thought we can afford to be
indulgent. A joint caucus of men and women, called to con
sider the worth of this ten year marriage law, would certainly be
instructive if it did not contribute to the gayety of the nations. i
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6. 1005.
HERE IS A PICTURE
OP THE HAND THAT
DAZZLED RICH hEN
MRS. CHAD WICK IS THE OWNER.
* —: .
THE illustration shows the hand and wrist of Mrs. Cassie L. Chad
wick, as she bedecked them with diamond rings, bracelets and orna
ments preparatory to calling on some millionaires of whom she pro
posed borrowing an immense sum. The woman, who is a consummate ac
tress, says the Philadelphia North American, never overlooked any detail
of her "make-up." and her jeweled hand played no small part in her
game of dazzling bankers and others into the impression that she was
possessed of limitless wealth.
AURORA'S MODEL
HARRISON SMITH
IT had originally been a big. bare
garret, but under Aurora's magic it
was transformed into a decidedly
attractive studio. Tapestry hang
ings concealed the ugly outlines of un
planed studding: wide divans littered
with comfortable cushions suggested
luxurious repose; a curiously carved
cabinet stood near one of the windows.
"1 am waiting." lie said pa
tiently.
and quaint brasses, candlesticks, fend
ers and copper kettles were everywhere.
There was orderly disorder and restful
chaos.
Under the wide north light sat Auro
ra before an easel, her hair bristling
with an imposing array of scalpels and
brushes. On the canvas before her an
autumn landscape was slowly coming
into being. The landscape was not de
veloping satisfactorily, and the Bcalpels
were being pressed into service quite as
much as were the brushes.
The door opened and Paul Radford
entered. He stood apologetically by the
door smiling blandly at the girl before
the easel.
"Hello, Aurora!" said he with a
meekness becoming an intruder.
"Ccune in and shut the door," said
Aurora. "You must sit down and be
very quiet. This is my busy day."
Radford tossed his coat and hat upon
a divan, thrust his hands into his pock
ets and strode over to the easel.
Jove, Aurora, that's a stunning ma
rine," he observed.
"It's not a marine," said she testily.
"It's a landscape—autumn."
"Oh," said he, "isn't that water in
the foreground?"
"That," said Aurora, scraping an
overdone cloud zealously, "will be a
cow when it's finished."
"I beg the cow's pardon, I'm sure."
said Radford. "I hope it's to be a red
cow, Aurora. I'm very partial to red
cows." >
"Please Bit down," she snapped impa
tiently. "You'll find some magazines—
somewhere about," she ended vaguely.
"Sorry, but I haven't time to look for
them," he said. "Besides, I came here
this afternoon to offer myself as a
model."
"A model for what?" she asked. "In
dolence?"
"A model of sorrow," said he.
"You don't look your part particular-
I ly." she remarked.
I "I'm consumed with it," he declared
i gloomily.
"How sad!" she said mockingly.
| Radford retired-to a divan in the cor
ner and settled comfortably on a pile
of cushions.
"If you could tra/isfer my sorrow to
i canvas your name would be made," he
1 said.
i Since when has this affliction de
scended upon you?" she asked.
"Since Tuesday afternoon at 4:30."
"Pshaw!" said Aurora, her eyes fixed
on the landscape.
it's no pshawing' matter with me,"
I said he. "Your sixth refusal has filled
j me with gloom."
"Perhaps a seventh might hearten
you a bit." she suggested maliciously,
i "There'll probably be a seventh be
fore I leave," he returned despond
ently.
Aurora laughed: then she turned
about in ncr chair and regarded him
gravely.
"Paul, why on earth can't you be
sensible?' 1 she asked. "Why can t you
good friends with me without —oh,
spoiling it all?"
"My dear Aurora." he explained sol
emnly, "if Providence had intended
men to be sensible in your presence,
be would never have given you that
cbin and those lips and "
"Bosh!" said Aurora, coloring a bit.
Kadford deserted the divan and
came over to the easel. He stood for
a time looking down at the girl
thoughtfully.
"I'll make a compact with you," he
said at length. "Tell me for the
seventh time that you won't marry me,
and I'll see to it that it is the last."
"And we'll be friends ever after?''
she said lightly.
"No, we won't be friends," he said,
"except in name."
She shrugged her shoulders, but
said nothing.
"Listen, Aurora, just say 'no' once
more and I'll take myself off. I won't
trouble you after that. I'll leave you
to your landscapes—and—and—the
fellow who is luckier than I."
She looked up. His face was very
grave. It was unlike him to be seri
ous. She felt a trifle alarmed.
""Now, Aurora," he said quietly, "tell
me for the seventh time and I'll.go."
Aurora made a pretense of re
touching the cloud.
"I am waiting." he said patiently.
Still she said nothing. Radford
picked up his hat and coat. Then he
again took his stand by the easel.
"Are you going?" she said weakly,
j "As soon as you tell me," said he.
Aurora arose deliberately from the
J easel. She went over to the window
and began to clean her palette with a
scalpel. Radford watched her and his
eyes narrowed dangerously.
"Of course it means very little to
you," he burst out hotly, "but it seems
to me you need not delay in this use
less fashion. Y.ou might at least be
mercilful."
Aurora lifted her eyes slowly, and
as slowly her face lighted with a won
{ derful smile.
j "There are several ways of being
merciful," she said gently.
In a moment one of the brushes in
her hair had left a ghastly streak of
red on his face.
(Copyright, 1904, by T. p. McClure.)
Ireland's Cofctner Mines.
Copper mining once flourished in
Ireland. The Bally Murtagh mine, in
Wicklow County, averaged 6000 tons of
copper pyrites per annum between 1840
and 1843. Desultory, prospecting is
going on at the present day in several
localities.
EXTRA VAGANCES
OF OUR SENATORS
The salary of a United States Sena
tor, like that of a member of the
House of Representatives, is $5000.
and he is allowed, in addition, mileage
at the rate of 10 cents per mile each
way between his home and the Capi
tol for each session of Congress, a pri
vate secretary at $1500 (if he is not
chairman of a. committee, in which
case he has the appointment of a
j higher salaried clerk) and $125 for
'stationery. That seems modest; but
the perquisites and emoluments not
; set down in the law are numerous and
' attractive and account in. no small
; measure for the tenacity with which
a small caliber Senator holds on when
once he has been elected.
The Senate is a small body, but It
takes a big amount of money to run
it. as the following extracts from the
last annua) appropriation bill will
show:
For compensation of Senators $+50,000
For mileaee of Senators 45,000
For expenses of the office of Vici*
President t there is none, by the
way, but Mr. Frye occupies this
room) R. 760
Chaplain Ms*
| Office of secretary to the Senate ... 71,59*
I Document room 10.120
Clerks and messengers to committees. 187.:>6<>
Office of sergeant at arms and door
keeper 154.861
Postofflce 17.588
Folding room 27.520
Engineers, elevator service, etc 27.4R5
Senators' secretaries 45.000
(Stenographers of investigations and
inquiries 20,000
Reporting debates 25.000
Miscellaneous, not including; the ex
pense of the capitol police force,
one-half of the total ($75,000) being
paid by each house loO.ttCO
Grand total $1.227.5T::
The total of $1,227,873 tells in a gen
eral way the story of how expensive
it is to record the doings of ninety
law-makers, and to keep them com
fortable and happy for a period of
twelve months, but it is the details
that are most interesting.
In 1878 a Senator of the United
States provided himself out of the
public treasury, in addition to his sal
ary, with his mileage, his $125 for
stationery, and one clerk, if he hap
i pened to be the chairman of a com
| mittee. *That was practically all. In
! 1904 a United States Senator would
sniff at one clerk, and declare it im
possible to attend to his work without
two or three. Such a thing as paying
for a clerk out of his pocket, as his
predecessors, up to a comparatively
few years ago. were accustomed to do,
would be regarded by the Senator of
to-day as a crime.—December Pear
son's.
HOW B*l EVEN SOX
VIEWED WOMAX
Mrs. Kate Leslie Smith has contrib
uted a most attractive article to yie
! January number of the Bnoklovers
I Magazine on "Stevenson's View of
\ Woman." Mrs. Smith says that "to
, form an opinion of Stevenson's attitude
to women in general—or woman in
| particular—from a critical study of his
i heroines, would be making the greatest
possible mistake." His heroines are
disappointing. "That he loved his
mother devotedly, we know well from
his letters," continues Mrs. Smith, "and
yet when he named his heroines, what
a phenomenal procession of motherless
girls! Kirstie Elliott, Catriona. Bar
j bara Grant. Flora Gilchrist, Blanche de
Maletrolt. and many another. How
frequently he testifies to the success
and happiness of his own marriage; yet
;we look in vain in his books for pic
tures of connubial bliss, and must con
tent ourselves with sketches of Jim
Pinkerton and his bride In 'The Wreck
er.' Monsieur and Madame Berthelini in
'Providence and the Guitar.' and the
generous struggle of Keawe and his
Kokua to buy the bottle from each
other in 'The Bottle Imp.' "
Stevenson owed much to women: to
his nurse, to his wife, and to his f lend
Mrs. Sitwell, who first made him be
lieve in his own powers. He made
grateful acknowledgment of his in
debtedness. His attitude to women
might be summed up in two words:
: detached chivalry. His sympathies
were artistic as well as personal, and
to quote Charles Warren Stoddard.
! "his intimacies were born and bred
! above the ears."
Words of Praise for Us.
More than any other country of the
; present time, with the possible excep
i tion of the Russian empire, says the
Saturday Review, the United States
• may be regarded as a complete homo
! geneous economic entity. It is able to
i grow all the corn it requires, it can*
: raise all the live stock that it needs,
i its cotton plantations are sufficient to
supply all its requirements, its mineral
resources both on base and precious
metals are extensive, and its coal mines
i are inexhaustible.
Add to this every year enormous ac
cessions by immigration of carefully
selected adult able-bodied and skillful
workmen to assist in the development
of these very varied resources. The
development of that country is prob
ably due in large degree to these
causes. We may be sure that, in the
future, it will become more and more
independent of all other countries.
World's Best Timepiece.
! The world's best timepice, an elec
tric clock in the basement of the Ber
lin Observatory, was installed by
Professor Foerster in 1865, and has
often run two or three months with
an average daily deviation of only
15-1000 of a second. To improve even
this marvelous performance, the as
tronomers in charge are arranging to
place the air-tight glass case in an un
derground vault, securing freedom
from changes of temperature and air
pressure.
Oldest Sexton on Earth.
Charles E. Pope of Sandwich. Mass..
is the oldest sexton in the country, if
not In the world. He has rung the
bells of the First Parish church of
that town for nearly three-quarters of
a century. Mr. Pope was born July 11,
1820, and was made sexton at a very
early age. Mr. Pope is a most remark
able old gentleman, and, unlike the
average sexton, he is an educated man.
! Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistle fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
This week best gold eyeglasses, specs.
20c to 50c (sold in store $3-$4). at 79 4th
front of celebrated Oyster Restaurant. *
Bpecial information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE SMART SET
SALLY SHARP
4*
Mrs. A. P. Hotaling was the guest
of honor at a large bridge party given
yesterday afternoon by Miss Blair.
The color scheme was red, carried out
through the entire house, represented
by rich carnations and American
Beauty roses. Miss Blair has not en
tertained for some time, but will be
hostess at several affairs through the
season. The guests included Mrs. Wil
liam S Tevis, Mrs. Alexander Garceau,
Mrs. Henry Scott. Mrs. Mountford Wil
son. Mrs. Walter S. Martin, Mrs. R. P.
Schwerin. Mrs. Frederick McNear,
Mrs. Eugene Murphy. Mrs. William H.
Tavlor Jr., Mrs. Frederick Kohl, Mrs.
Joseph S. Tobin, Mrs. Robert Nuttall.
Mrs. Augustus Taylor. Mrs. Latham
McMullin. Mrs. James Follis. Mrs. Wil
lard Drown, Mrs. Worthington Ames,
Mrs. George Shreve, Mrs. Frederick
Tallant. Mrs. George Boyd. Mrs. Rob
ert Oxnard, Mrs. William Hinckley
Taylor. Mrs. William G. Irwin, Mrs.
Hyde-Smith. Mrs. H. M. A. Miller,
Mrs. Welty, Mrs. Louis Monteagle,
Mrs. Daniel Drysdale. Mrs. Edward
Pcnd, Mrs. H. C. Breeden, Mrs. Rooert
Greer, Mrs. Emory Winship, Mrs. Jes
sie Bowie-Dietrich, Mrs. John Rogers
Clark, Mrs. Cooper, Mrs. William
Sherwood, Mrs. Horace Pillsbury, Mrs.
Henry Daltcn, Mrs. Reginald Brooke,
Mrs. Samuel Knight. Mrs. Maurice
Casey. Mrs. M. P. Jones, Mrs. William
H. Smith, Mrs. Robert McChesney.
Mrs. Charles Josselyn, Mrs. Ida Pierce,
Mrs. B. B. Cutter. Mrs. Hepry L.
Dodge. Mrs. Richard Bayne, Mrs.
Breyfogle, Mrs. Alfred Tubbs, Mrs. Ger
ritt Lansing. Mrs. William P. Morgan.
Mrs. Van Fleet, Mrs. Edgar Preston,
Mrs. Gale, Mrs. Seward McNear. Mrs.
Henry Mendell, Mrs. George Newhall,
Mrs, Silas Palmer, Mrs. William H. j
Crocker, Mrs. John D. Spreckels, Mrs.
John D. Spreckels Jr., Mrs. Clinton j
Worden, Mrs. A. N. Towne, Mrs. Hew- j
ett. Mrs. Frank Sullivan, Mrs. Mc- j
Aneny, Mrs. Mastick, Mrs. A. P. j
Hotaling Sr.
* • *
The Gayety Club was the recipient of j
Edward M. Greenway's hospitality last |
evening in the ballroom of the Palace :
Hotel. The club, which is a delightful \
dancing organization, is one of the !
merriest and most fun-loving ever as- j
sembled in San Francisco, the dancing i
dates being eagerly looked forward to j
by the members, and last evening the j
enjoyment was heightened by the ge
niallty of the host. A sufficient number j
of potted plants and palms were scat- j
tered about to lend attractiveness, and
the musicians were inclosed by a bank
of ferns. Dancing lasted until 12 o'clock
and was then resumed after an interim
which was devoted to a dainty supper.
The members of the club are Miss Eliz
abeth Allen, Mrs. Frances Allen, Miss
Maud Bourn, Miss Olga Atherton. Miss
Linda Cadwallader, Miss Helen Chese
brough. Miss Newell Drown, Miss Doro
thy Eells, Miss Frances Howard, Miss
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
CI.AUS SPRECKELS BUILDING—
8. \\\. City. The height of the Claus
Spreckels building from sidewalk to
upper cornice is 310 feet.
WAR DEPARTMENT—"CIub," Al
cutraz. Cal. All appropriations for
United States military purposes'are to
the credit of the War Department.
MARIE P. WALSH—R. M.. City. A
communication intended for Marie P.
Walsh, authoress of "Two Husbands
LIFE'S SUNNY SIDE
DOLLARS! DOLLARS!
Knicker —Votem Wright told m<
himself that he never took a penny ai
a political bribe in all his life.
Bocker —I don't doubt that he nev
er took a penny. He Is a high-pricec
man.
HIS REASON.
Officer Toole—Who is that fellow
over there who is talking so loud and
long against yacht racing?
Officer Rourke—He had his pockel
picked in the crowd while he wai
watching one of the bulletin boards
during the yacht races.
' " r
Genevieve King, Miss Carolan, Miss
• Gertrude Josselyn, Miss Cora Smed
berg. Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Natalie
Coffin, Miss Abby Parrott, Miss Jose
phine de Guigne. Miss Anita Harvey,
Miss Lutie Collier, Miss Christine
Pomeroy, Miss Lucy Gwin Coleman,
Miss Margaret Newhall, Miss Elisabeth
Livermore. Miss Elsie Tallant and Miss
Isabelle Kittle. These, with a corre
sponding number of men, made just a
delightful dancing group, who were re
ceived by Mrs. Mayo Newhall, Mrs.
John Parrott and Mrs. Russell Wilaon.
• • •
Among other travelers who are about
to depart from San Francisco are Mr.
and Mrs. Sidney Catlin Partridge, who
will return to their home in Japan dur
ing the coming week. A luncheon was
given in honor of Mrs. Partridge yes
terday by Mrs. David E. Allison, who
entertained for twelve guests.
• • •
Mme. Gadski will be entertained to
day by Mrs. Grant Selfrldge, who will
give a luncheon.
*/,-•■•
Miss Jeannette Hooper entertained
Miss Florence Starr at luncheon yester
day. The decorations were tasteful and
dainty, snowdrops and daffodils adding
their freshness to the other beauties of
! the table, which also bore candelabra
jof pale yellow shading. Miss Starr was
greeted by these guests: Miss Pearl
! Sabin, Miss Irene Sabin, Miss Kelsey
i Patterson. Miss Harvey Anthony, Miss
! Gertrude Palmer, Mrs. Walter Starr,
! Mrs. Henry Beatty, Mrs. A. A. Moore.
Mrs. William Lindsley Spencer, Mrs.
! Sumner Crosby, Mrs. McKee and Mrs.
i Wiggington Creed.
• • •
John P. Babcock of Victoria Is in
! town for a short visit. Last evening h"
; was given a dinner by Mrs. Marion It.
Higgins, among the guests being Mr.
j and Mrs. Charles Stetson Wheeler. Mr.
! and Mrs. Sanborn, Mr. and Mrs.
| Coombs, Mr. and Mrs. Charles L.
' Rhodes.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Plnckard and Miss
Helen Chesebrough leave this week for
their trip abroad.
• • •
Mrs. Fletcher Ryer entertained at
dinner in the white and gold dintn*
room of the St. Francis last evening.
Among the guests were: Mr. and Mrs
i Clinton E, Worden, Mrs. Towne, Miss
1 Lily O'Connor.
I * • •
A delightful supper for twelve was
j given by Mrs. Jennery at the St. Fran
cis last evening, after having enter
tained her guests at a theater party.
• * •
The wedding of Miss lone Penning
ton and Chester G. Chipchase took
place on Wednesday evening at yie
Pleasanton. The bride is a grand
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Short,
Rev. W. K. Guthrie of the First Pres
byterian Church performed the cere
mony.
and One Wife," if directed to the care
cf "The Mascot Library," New York
City, N. V., will reach her.
_LICENSE— H. H., Venture. R. H. B. (
Watsonville, Cal. In California "every
traveling merchant, hawker or ped
dler, who carries a pack and vends
goods, or merchandise, of any kind
ether than the manufactures or prod
j ucts of this State, must pay for a li
cense of $5 per month." If sold from a
I wagon the license is $15 per month.
WANTED TO RE POSTED.
Teacher —Once upon a time there
were two rich men one of whom
made his fortune by honest means,
while the other made his by fraud.
Now, which of these two men would
you prefer to be?
Frankie (after thinking) —Which
made the most?
+ • *
—
PAPA KICKED.
Edith—Did papa kick against our
marriage ?
Eddie —Yes; but he kicked harder
against my trousers.NOB HILL BUTLER
ATTENDS AUCTION
Com Crushed anil Eve Bruised
ASSAILANTS IGNORE DIGNITY
With tight-fitting frock coat buttoned
ami silk hat daintily poised in right
hand, Max Machner announced that he
\\ as chief butler in the big Stanford
mansion on Xob Hill. His appearance
bp fore Police Judge Mogan, he ex
plained, was to push to the extreme
limit the charge of battery which he
had entered against Jerome K. Sawyer,
an auctioneer at 411 Kearny street,
where the alleged misdemeanor was
(ommitted. As he recounted the inci
dent Mr. Machner became excited, and
iiis descriptive gestures erased much of
the impression of calm dignity origin
ally conveyed to an interested auditory
by his coat and hat and announcement
of vocation.
"Id is vile I'm valkin' Kearny shdreet
along," he said, "dot dis mans vos
>houdin' der augshun blace inside of. I
shtops to lisden. und anodder mans
-ays ter me dot der pargains in shewl
y und vatches und breshious shtones
.os like gifin" dem avay. Den I inside
goes, und der augshun mans a vatch
holds oop und says, 'Vot for id am I
offered—vot for id am I beed?' Anodder
mans shtandin' me beside says, 'Ten
dollar.' und der augshun mans geds
mad und says, 'Yer moost dinks dls
vatch vos shtolen.' Der odder mans
pokes his elbow mine reebs indo und
vishpers mine ear indo, 'I knows dot
vatch vos shtolen und dot id's verth
yon hondred dollar. Beed nnfdeen dol
lar und yer may ged id.' Bod I don'd
vand no vatch, because I haf a lofely
vatch alretty yed, und yen I dells dot
to der mans ad mine side some odder
mans shtepped hard mine soft corn
upon. 'Look ouid,' I says; 'ged mine
foot off.' Den der augshun mans he
joomps down from vere he is shtandin'
und he says ter me, 'Vod fer mine corn
yer shtamp upon, eh?' Den I says, 'Id
ain'd yer corn dot's mashed —id's mine.'
Den he plooged me der eye in, und him
arresded I geds."
The defense claimed that Mr. Mach
ner disturbed the peace of the auction
mart by indulging in loud and offensive
language and that the alleged assault
was c6mmitted by some person other
than the defendant. A decision will be
handed down next Thursday.
• • *
Mrs. Lena Johnson, who stole some
articles of trifling value from one of the
big department stores in which she was
ostensibly shopping wept so piteously
in court that Judge Fritz fined her only
$20. Her husband, Otto, also shed tears,
and there was moisture in the voice of
the attorney that pleaded for leniency.
It was her first arrest for stealing and
she earnestly promised to steal no more.
• • *
Otto Grandquist and Henry Hendrick
son, able seamen, commenced their
fistic combat in a water front saloon,
and after their ejectment therefrom by
the bartender they went to the Howard
street wharf and resumed active hostil
ities. Patrolman Slattery told Judge
Conlan that it was a very neat bit of a
fight, and the faces of the defendants
bore evidence that he told the truth.
They were fined $5 apiece.
• • •
Mrs. Tomley of 863 Hayes street won
dered why James Lewis had neglected |
to send her a Yuletlde gift, as had been j
his wont for many years, until she as- |
rertalned that a package of Jewelry
forwarded to her was received at her
door by Charles Elsley, a former mes
senger boy, who appropriated it to his
own use. He falsely represented him
self to be a brother of the lady to whom
the present was addressed. Judge Ca
baniss gave him sixty days.
• • •
Blx young fellows were arraigned
before Judge Mogan on the charge
of burglary, filed by Patrolmen O'Con
nor and Blick, neither of whom ap
peared to prosecute. The defendants,
however, were permitted to tell how
it came to pass, and their story made
even Bailiff Mahoney laugh.
They boarded the roof of a freight
car at San Jose with intent to steal
a ride to this city, but had not been
there long ere the chilling wind
prompted them to seek a warmer re-
Ireat. So at the train's first stopping
place they descended from their perch
and entered a car, carefully faatened
the door and prepared to spend the
remainder of their journey in com
parative comfort. No sooner had the
train started, however, than they dis
"v>red they were inmates of a re
frigerator car, and It was only by
•lancing to prevent their blood freez
ing that they were enabled to reach
San Francisco alive, as the train did
not again atop until it rolled into the
yard at Third and Townsend streets.
.So great was their hurry to get out
that they threw caution to the winds,
and that's how they came to be ar
rested. *
His Honor continued the hearing
until to-day.
• • c
Dennis Feeley's facial cuticle was of
purplish hue and his side whiskers
showed signs of recent rough handling
as he stood before Judge Fritz and
announced his readiness to stand trial
on the charge of assault with a dead
ly weapon, to-wit, a knife, on the per
son of an unknown man who did not
appear to substantiate the arresting
policeman's complaint. It was at San
Bruno avenue and Army street that
Mr. Feeley's countenance was bat
'<-rcd. and his plea was self-defense.
Ihe case went over for one week. t
• * c
Mary Smith and Emma Anderson
were accused of purchasing racing
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
pools at the barber shop of Charles
Russ, 3410 Mission street, and Mr.
Russ and his son were charged with
selling the same. Patrolmen Heffernan
and Hemenez, who made the arrests,
informed Judge Mogan that the two
women were caught fairly in the act
of violating the anti-pool ordinance
in conjunction with the male defend
ants. The gaming was carried on in
a rear room of the tonsorial estab
lishment, and the desire of the ladies
to place their money on a horse with
a pretty name, irrespective of its rat
ing by the bookmakers, led to a dis
cussion and ultimately to the arrests.
Miss Smith and Miss Anderson were
undecided as to whether they would
better back Thorndale or Pearl Wat
ers to win, as the favorite, Sly Sam,
was nomenclaturally handicapped, and
the vociferous endeavor of Mr. Russ
and his son to convince them that
Sam was a cinch, despite his title, at
tracted the attention of the human
sleuths. The defense will be heard
next Friday.
After he had sold his proprietary In
terest in the Pullman cafe, 212 Town
send street. William Waddell, alias
"Nervy Bill" (colored), regretted the
transfer, and endeavored to undo it.
But the purchaser, Robert Jackson
(also colored), declined to consider Mr.
Waddell's proposal, whereupon that
gentleman drank to excess and at
tempted to accomplish by force what
he had failed to attain by suasion.
Armed with a razor he invaded the
cafe and challenged Mr. Jackson's bar
tender, one Len Harris (likewise col
ored), to fight to the death, but Mr.
Harris ran upstairs and remained there
until Mr. Waddell departed in quest
of Mr. Jackson, whom he preferred to
carve. Soon afterward Mr. Harris, who
had buckled on a fully-loaded revolver,
was seated at dinner, consisting of
j roast chicken and fixings, behind the
bar when Mr. Waddell re-entered and
renewed his Invitation to fight. Mr.
Harris made threatening display of his
shooting iron, but Mr. Waddell laughed
it to scorn. •
"Ah'll jes take dat yah pill box ob
yourn." quoth Mr. Waddell, "en gib to
mah sistah's baby fo' to play with. So
nan' it obah heah."
Mr. Harris weakened and inconti
nently fled, leaving his dinner, which
Mr. Waddell devoured as spoils of war.
He was enjoying the final mouthful
and preparing to pick nts teeth with
the wishbone when Tillman Baxter
! J. . . .T.
(tan-colored), a friend of the absent
Mr. Jackson, entered and inquired as
to that gentleman's whereabouts.
"Ah doan know whafo' he am." said
Mr. Waddell, unfolding his razor, "but
you'll do jes as well In his place."
With a whoop Mr. Waddell leaped at
Mr. Baxter, who rushed to the street
shouting for help.
"Doan waste yo' win' a-yellin, njg
gah," shouted Mr. Waddell, in close
pursuit, "fo' you'll sho'ly need all de
bref in yo' body 'foah dis yah chase am
finished. Ah'll git yo' shuah."
Mr. Waddell was hunting his quarry
around a street car when Patrolman
Bruce grabbed and held him, very
much to the relief of Mr. Baxter.
"Ah'll have mah 'fense ready ter
morrah," said Mr. Waddell to Judge
Conlan. i
"And a strong one you'll need to keep
you out of Jail," answered Judge Con
lan.
c c c
Chris Johnson, arrested for disturb
( ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bargain Basement Department
January Clearance Sale of Serviceable Winter Coats
~~ BROKEN LOTS AT BADLY BROKEN PRICES
Children's Coats, sixes 6to 16 years, were $2.so—reduced to $ 1.75
Children's Coats, sizes 6to 16 years, were $5.00 - reduced to $3.50
Children's* Coats, sizes 6to 16 years, were $7.so—reduced to $5.50
Children's Coats, sizes 6to 16 years, were $ 10.00—reduced to $7.00
Women's Jackets, sizes 32 to 40 only, were $2.so—reduced to $1.75
SILK SHIRT WAIST SUITS FOR. SPRING, 1905
FIRST SHOW —FIRST SALE —OF THE SEASON. You'll find these new arrivals in the Cloak and Suit Department
First Floor.
■ 1 SILK SHIRT WAIST SUITS. Brown or green. Boa pleated waist, with leg-of-mutton
i sleeves—handsomely trimmed with Persian embroidery. Box pleated skirt $16 50
SILK shirt waist suits. Beat and serviceable checks. Shirred waist, with boa pleat
ed front and lear-of-mutton sleeves—beautifully trimmed. Bleated skirt $1 7 SO
SILK SKIRT WAIST SUITS. Green or brows. Box pleated waist, with the «55 e/\
new. larire sleeves and girdle belt—effectively trimmed. Boa pleated skirt
SILK SHIRT WAIST SUITS. Brown or srreen. Bleated blouse, with lace vest at f\(\
and fancy le?-of-mutton sleeves—richly trimmed. Bleated skirt *Pt-J.UU
SILK SHIRT WAIST SUlTS—Green or brown. Shirred blouse—with pleated CIA An
back, lace Test and large sleeves—elegantly trimmed. Banal skirt, with flounce.. vJv.uU
SILK SXIBT WAZST SUlTS—Brown or green. Corded and shirred blouse, with fancy lace
yes with Persian bands. Corded and shirred skirt, with flounce $35 OO
DON'T FORGET OUB NUMBER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1905.
MRS. METCALFE
GETS REVOLVER
Presents Order for Fire Arm
With Which Keeley After
ward Shoots Her Husband
SAMPLES AID CULPRIT
They Neglect to Inform the
Police While He Changes
Clothes in Their Rooms
At the inquest yesterday on
the death of Edward Bruce Metcalfe
the fact was brought out in the testi
mony that Mrs. Metcalfe presented to
Mrs. William Sample of 603 Eddy street
an order for the revolver with which
Edward Pierce Keeley afterward, on
December 29, murdered her husband. It
was also shown that Mr. and Mrs. Sam
ple shielded Keeley from arrest and as
sisted him to escape after he had con
fessed to them that he had murdered
Metcalfe.
Mr. and Mrs. Sample testified that
shortly before 2 o'clock, less than an
hour after the shooting, Keeley had
come to their rooms and said, "I have
done it."
"What have you done?" asked Mrs.
Sample.
"I shot Bruce," replied Keeley.
Keeley had then explained that he
went to Metcalfe's room at 18 Seventh
street and heard somebody crying. He
then knocked on the door and it was
opened. The room was in darkness, and
Keeley drew his revolver and shot Met
calfe. He heard Metcalfe fall and then
left the building.
Mr. and Mrs. Sample, leaving Keeley
in their rooms, went to 18 Seventh
street. They passed two or three
patrolmen on the way, but did not tell
them that Keeley was the murderer
and that he was then in their rooms.
"Why did you not inform those po
licemen that the murderer was in your
rooms?*' inquired a Juror.
"Because—well, I didn't inform
them," replied Mrs. Sample, giving "the
woman's reason."
When they returned to their house
Keeley was still in their rooms. He had
shaved off his mustache and put on a
pair of blue overalls over his trousers.
Then, Mrs. Sample said, she ordered
him out of the house, and he went.
Sample told about a revolver given
him by a cousin by marriage whose
present whereabouts was unknown to
him. He had offered the revolver to
Keeley for $1, as he did not want to
have it lying about the house, and had
given Keeley an order on Mrs. Sample
for the weapon. When Keeley present
ed the order Mrs. Sample could not find
the key of her trunk, and he went away
without it. Several days later Mrs.
Metcalfe presented the order, and Mrs.
Sample gave Keeley the revolver the
next time he called. That was a few
days before the murder.
Mr. and Mrs. Sample testified that
they had always known Mrs. Metcalfe
as Mrs. Keeley and supposed that she
was Keeley's wife.
The jury returned a verdict charging
Edward Pierce Keeley with the murder
of Edward Bruce Metcalf* 3 on Decem
ber 29. •
Pictures of Port Arthur
General Stoessel's heroic defease of Port
Arthur anl the city"! final capture by the
Japanese makes a most thrilling chapter In
the world'■ history. Those who are Interested
In the great struggle In the Orient will find a
good article in January Sunset Magazine on
"China, the New West," written by Mr. P.
W. Unger, war correspondent of the London
Time?, and illustrated by four full-page re
productions of photographs taken at Port
Arthur. Many other interesting news articles.
For sale at all news stands. •
AWARDS TWO CONTRACTS. —The Board
of Works met yesterday and awarded two con
tracts to the San Francisco Construction Com
pany for the bitumlnizing of Hugo street, be
tween Second and Third avenues, and of Sec
ond avenue, between H and Hugo streets.
In Silhouette Land.
Showing that the postponed laugh is
often the heartiest. In .Next Sunday's
Call —Comic Section .
ing a Salvation Army meeting at 29
Washington street, pleaded that it was
in no spirit of irreverence he annoyed
the worshipers.
"Ay ban oop town with Hans Nel
son," Mr. Johnson explained, "an' Hans
hay ban ay fonny faller. Hay say
'Let's go toe meetin',' and Ay go with
hame. Faller with red cap say toe
Hans, 'Doe yoe want salvation?' an'
Hans hay say, *Noe; Ay ban lookin'
fore Sal Oleson.' It ban so fonny Ay
laugh loud. Faller with red cap hay
mad, an' Hans ron away an' Ay stan'
an' laugh an* am arrested."
Lieutenant Richard Goode, S. A.,
testified that Mr. Johnson's unseemly
Interruption of the services was
prompted by inebriety rather than by
the unintentional wit of Mr. Nelson, so
Judge Mogan pronounced Mr. Johnson
guilty of disturbing the peace.
Mr. Johnson and Mr. Nelson are ship
mates aboard the scow schooner Lena
Anderson.
SHOTS FRIGHTEN
HOTEL GUESTS
Bellboy at the Berkshire
Fires at Another and Two
of the BuUets Take Effect
WOUNDS NOT DANGEROUS
Assailant Surrenders Him
self and Declares the
Shooting Was Accidental
A shooting affray at the Berkshire
Hotel, 711 Jones street, yesterday
morning caused the wildest excitement
for a few minutes among the guests.
The participants were William Grant,
head bellboy, and Robert Drake, one of
-his assistants, both colored. Grant
was wounded in the hand and leg and
was taken to the Central Emergency
Hospital. Drake surrendered himself
to the police.
Grant and Drake quarreled on
Wednesday night and while Drake was
going upstairs carrying a tray Grant
struck him. Drake put the tray down
to defend himself, but Grant took
refuge in the elevator.
The manager of th» hotel on hear
ing of the occurrence discharged Grant
yesterday morning. Grant went to his
room to pack up and Drake was ad
vised to keep away from him till he
had left the hotel. Miss E. Kincfdd, a
waitress, had given Grant two skirts
to get cleaned and she went to his
room to ask him where he had taken
them.
While she and Grant were talking
Drake made his appearance and said
to Grant, "I want to see you." Grant
replied, "I have seen all I want of
you," and closed his door. Drake, who
had a stick in his left hand and had
his right hand in his hip pocket, pushed
the door open. Just then Miss Klncaid
turned and walked away. She heard
three shots fired In quick succession,
but did r»ot know who fired them.
The police were at once notified and
Detective Ed. Gibson was detailed on
the case. He sent Grant to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital and while the
detective was making inquiries at the
hotel Drake surrendered himself at
police headquarters. He declared that
Grant had drawn the revolver and that
during a struggle for its possession it
was discharged three times. One bul
let struck Grant on the hand, another
in the leg and the third struck the
wall. The police discredit Drake's
story. He was locked up pending de
velopments.
WYMAN TRIAL STILL DRAGS
IN JUDGE LAWLOR'S COURT
Justice's Comment on Point Advanced
by Attorney Countryman Rouses
Some Little Interest.
The progress of the Wyman trial
was as slow yesterday as it was the
day preceding. The only moment
when any interest was displayed was
when Judge Lawlor said, in reply to
a point advanced by Attorney Coun
tryman, "The case you have cited does
not point that crime cannot be
committed, even If the proceedings
connected with the election be found
faulty."
The morning session and most of
the afternoon were consumed in prov
ing the validity of the petitions of the
parties in the primary election in
question. Countryman fought every
inch, objecting on every possible tech
nicality. One of his objections w T as
sustained by the court.
He contended that the notice of
election was not published three times
in a daily paper, fifteen days before
the time of election. This was sus
tained, and the notice of election was
not entered as evidence. Several times
during the day Attorneys Countryman
and Hosmer treaded on the borders
of repartee. They were admonished
by Judge Lawlor. who hinted that
there was too much talk wasted in
the case.
The roster of voters in the Seventy
third Precinct, where the felony is al
leged to have been committed, was
produced just at the close of the af
ternoon session. The prosecution will
probably offer evidence intended to
show the actual commission of the
crime to-day.
Says Drummer Was Idle.
Tlllmann & Bendel yesterday filed
an answer and cross-complaint to the
suit of F. P. Katz, a whisky drummer,
who demanded 59125 25 damages be
cause he had been discharged before
the expiration of his contract. He was
to be paid $6500 for the first year and
$7500 for the second, and entered
upon his duties in August, 1903. In
May, 1904, he was discharged, and
thereupon he sued. The firm, in its
answer, says he was not discharged
without reason, but from September,
1903. to the following May had idled
away his time, lost many customers
for the firm and refused to abide by
the company's regulations. On this
account, in its counter claim, the com
pany sues him for $15,000.
WILL QUESTION
GRAND JURORS
Chan Cheung Files a Chal
lenge and Also a Motion
to Set Aside Indictment
GROUNDS ARE ALLEGED
Argument Before JudgeLaw
lor on the Points Raised
Will Be Heard To-Morrow
When the case of Chen Cheung.
I indicted by the Grand Jury for the
; murder of Tom Yick of the Chinese
Educational Society in May. 1903, was
called in Judge Lawlor's court yes
-1 terday for the defendant to plead,
i his attorneys filed a motion to set
j aside the indictment. The grounds al
leged are that it was not found, ln-
I dorsed and presented as prescribed by
! the Penal Code; that the names of the
• witnesses examined of whose deposi
tions were read were not inserted at
the foot of the indictment or indorsed I
j thereon, and - that a person was per
' mitted to be present when the charge
j'was under consideration who was not
' privileged or entitled to be present
A challenge to the Grand Jury was
I also filed on a number of grounds,
'■ among them that the requisite number
of ballots had not been drawn from
the ballot-box; that notice of the draw
ing had not been given and that It was
: not had in the presence of the officers
j designated by law. The grand Jurors
!as individuals were challenged on the
. grounds that at the time the Grand
; Jury began its Inquiry a state of
; mind existed on the part of each mem.
I ber in reference to the case which
j prevented him from acting impartial- .
.ly and without prejudice to the de
fendant.
The case was continued till to-mor
| row when arguments on the motion
I and challenge will be heard. Attorney
I Bell of counsel for the defendant said
he would subpoena each member of
the Grand Jury to be present to tes
tify on the challenge.
Shattered nerves, weak stomach, im- |
paired digestion and inability to sleep all
disappear when Lass's Bitters are used.*
LUNATIC DEPORTED.—Primo Bacuttl left
! this city last night for New York In charge
lof United States Immigrant Inspector E. L,
: Ktmniel and Supervisor John McLaughlin of
I the Napa aaylum for the insane. Baguttt Is
jto be deported to Europe, whence he came.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR.
ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
•• • S \m* E- •• •
..Begins..
Tuesday, January 3d
Discount on
Everything
S.&G. Gump Co.
113 Geary St.
PflfarA DON T FAIL TO
raiatw Bee the
t COURT Lounging
/■fin room, the EMPIRE
. ttUW parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
linHlQ LOUIS XV PAR.
D ±~t~ DIES' WRITING
Motels room
AMUSEMENTS.
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
( ALL THIS WEEK.
25c-50c—MATINEE SATURDAY —26c-60c
Oliver Morosco Offer*
HOWARD GOULD. J. H. GILMOUR
And the Majestic Players
In William Gillette's Great War Romance.
HELD BY THE ENEMY
NEXT MONDAY—"MIZPAH," or "'The
Story of Esther." by ELLA WHEELER
WILCOX and Luscombe Searelle, the Musical
Wizard.
IYRIPIMII DIRECTION
Li niu nHLL will asssHßAtm
BURTON HOLMES
TRAVELOCUES
MAGNIFICENT COLORED VIEWS
ORIGINAL MOTION PICTURES
Course A | Course B
IN LONDON Tues., Jan. lOjWed., Jan. 11
ROUND ABOUT
LONDON Thum.Jan. 12!Fr1.. Jan. 13
IRELAND ... Sat.. Jan. 14 Mon., Jan. 16
RUSSIA jTues. Jan. 17iWed.. *Jan. 18
JAPAN |Thurs..Jan. 19i Frl.. Jan. 20
COURSE SALE CLOSES TO-DAY.
gliurle Seats, $1.00, 75c and 60c; To-morrow,
Sherman. Clay & Co.'a.
Ml! Racing!
New A&T Jockey
California Club
OAKLAND TRAGI.
Racing every week day, rain or shine,
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Follansbee Handicap. 32000 added, to he
run Saturday, Jan. 7.
I For special trains stopping at the track take
jB. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
; 12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2:0 O. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and lm
i mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS President.
' PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
" PRAGERS
FridaYSurpriseNo.2s
Prices for to-day only. NoC.O. D ar telephone orders
Mrs. Vwoman's Sink Strainer ] Enameled Teapots.
(Third r'loor)^
clean, the waste pipe clear, They arc
and is sanitary and economi- of the Im
cal. It always sells at 25c. ported Enamel Ware; none
Special Friday Aj JtL better; your choice of any
Surprise ....... I our 35 c < s oc - /*5 C anc * $ lO °
1 I % values. This Fri- *^
— mmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmm day Surprise at M%M f
Winter Waists Reduced. fc/v
(Second Floor) j j ■■
We have taken all of our /nnc/fafp and Frilii
$2.50, $3.00 and $3.25 new LVflbUaie 3/1(1 mill
winter waists and reduced OT W€ LOOW MUSllll
them to one-half and over. (Main Floor)
They are made of Albatross, Qn i y 150 pp c yard
Scotch Flannels, Mohan,
Nuns' Veiling, In plain and wlue '
fancy patterns; the fronts Sold elsewhere at 10c
and backs are made with me- VSrd Our
dium and wide pleats; new • , a£l
shape sleeves and fancy stock P r lCe today ft . g
collar; all colors only V*fV
and sizes; Fri-Cf AC ■
day Surprise.... 4>* 35c Waste Basket 15c.
Pretty Veiling.
(Main Floor) * ThlS XV aste
Veilings in all the new ISSSOT Basket 1 s
colorings and meshes; some 11x11 !n ches,
have large chenille dots; COlOrS ° l
others plain crossbars and D * 11 e »
Tuxedo meshes; every yard green and
Is 18 inches wide and a' re- purple, and
markable value. They have B wrapped 1 n
been reduced for this Friday white straws. Fri- Mmm
Surprise from 25c a yard to day Surprise Spe- 1 *\f
9c a yard. ' | " al 1
IT" 7 Galloons
\\\*K\X\ft&\\*£m lions.
* ' !oon» 'and
AIWIVY.4 REUABLE Venise Modal-
MARKET** e/OtY£S SKS, Hi* a?v
I and 25c a yd.
M mLm H Serial at
J I All the shopping inducements that have maae m
thia store popular are still here. j£
AMUSEMENTS.
Last Week of the Tlvoil's Famous
Opera Success.
KING
DODO
GRAND WEDNESDAY
nrrrk a evening.
OPtIKA JANUARY
IN ITALIAN. EIJSVEN '
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES —$2. |1 60, $1. 600.
Repertoire first week—"Rigoletto," "Zara."
\ "La Tosca," "Barber of 8evllle," "Andre
! Chenier."
Orders by mall, accompanied by check or
i money order, will receive attention m the order
, in which they are received.
ftfll HMD! A m mQ%m
i LAST 8 NIGHTS—MATINEE SATURDAY.
Last Time Sunday Night.
Henry W. Savage Offers George. Ada's
Musical Satire.
THE
SULTAN ? SULU
Music by Alfred G. Wathall.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
FREDERICK KATHRYN
WARDE and KIDDER
In the Spectacular Drama,
"SALAMMBO."
Seats Ready—Matinees Wed. and Sat.
/ CALIFORNIA \
LAST TIME TO-MORROW NIGHT,
Funniest of alt
■ Hll Swedish-American
Jfc Dialect Comedies
Yonson
SUNDAY NIGHT—BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS.
"Greatest Colored Show on Earth."
With Mme. Sissleretta Jones (Black
Pattl) and John Rucker, the "Ala
a T n 1 7 I Ta Be l *"*:© * Mayer.
ALCAZAR iTTri-
General Manager.
THREE NIGHTS MORE
TO-NIGHT—Mats. Sat. and Sun.
Only San Francisco Production of Richard
Mansfield's Version of the Delightful Play,
OLD HEIDELBERG
The Quaint German Student Songs by a Trlpls
Male Quartet. <
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
NEXT MONDAY—First Tims In Stock,
Joseph Arthur's I f DIVFD
Famous Comedy L. VFO 1 I\IVLK
With the Bicycle Race, the Flight on Horse
back and Wonders of Realism.
bLNIHAL *c
Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South 633
TOfvll/-J■-|T LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
The Greatest Metropolitan Scenic Success.
CHILD SLAVES
OF NEW YORK
PRICES—Eve.. 10c to 50c. Mata, 10c, 15c. 25c
NEXT WEEK —Central Theater Stock
Company in
MINSTRELS
AMUSEMENTS.
THE FOUR BARDS
And Last Times of the
ORPHEUM hOAD SHOW
HEADED BT
McINTYRE AND HEATH
IN A NEW ACT.
Regular Matinee Every Wednesday, Thurs
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices—loc, 25c and 50c.
COMMENCING SUNDAY MATINEE
CJRJE& SY and DAYNE
AMD A BIG NEW SHOW!
GRAND =
MAT. SATURDAY—EVERY NIGHT
DAVID BEL AS CO PRESENTS
BLANCHE
BATES
In Tiw DARLING of tha GODS
Matinee Tuegday. Hedda Gabler
Mat. Thurs., Taming of the Snxow
LYCEUM THEATER
Seventh and Market sts.. Odd Fellows' bldg.
COMMENCING MONDAY, JAN. 9.
3 Big Shows Daily
AFTERNOONS. 2:80; EVENINGS, 7:30 an* ».
Extraordinary Vaudeville Novelties.
The 4 OLIFANB: STAR TRIO, MONTGOM
ERY. WARD and CANTOR; BERNARD WIL
LIAMS: YALE DUO; CHARLES RICHARDS:
SALLIE RANDALL; WONDERFUL MOTION
PICTURES.
POPULAR PRICES—IOc and 20c.
▲ Splendid Bbow Every Afternoon ut
Evening- ia the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO BEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN BPECTACLM
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMAL*
IN THE ZOO.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY NIGHTS.
ADMISSION 100 | CHILDREN 5»
AMUSEMENTS.
GADSKI
Last Concert—Alhambra Thaata*
To-Morrow (Sit.) Mat. at 3 O'clock
Special Wagnerian Programme
SEATS - - - - 52.00. 81-50. SI.OO
AT SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.'S.
Fischer's Theater
TONY LUBELSKI. General Manager.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
10c and 20c—Children 10c.
Afternoons. 2:30. Evenings. 7:30 and 0.
Saturday and Sunday Continuous From 2 to
5 and 7 to 11 p. m.
Next Monday. World's Greatest Feature,
MME. ZISKA.
WEEKLY CALL, f 1.00 FSB YBAJL
910
GANS-GARDNER BOXING MATCH NOT TO TAKE PLACE IN THIS CITY
SAD SAM BEATS A FAST FIELD
HORSES WHICH
MAY REACH THE
WIRE IN FRONT'
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race—Mogregor, Ohar
ntel, Joe Frey.
Second race—Glendenning,
Redan, Bell Reed.
Third race—Riesca, Doublet,
Tro;\
Fourth race — Isabellita,
Bronze Wing. Miracle 11.
Fifth race—Follow Me, Scots
man, Flying Torpedo.
Sixth race—Little Wally, The
Lady Rohcsia, Padua.
OPEN FIELDS
AT OAKLAND
Th© card at Oakland to-day is only a
moderate one, selling: affairs predomi
nating. The different fields have an
•pen look, and picking winners looks a
difficult task. The day's entries:
First race—Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up. selling.
767 0 Pearl Waters ■ Waters) 87
6038 Pope Leo (Gruwell) 112
761-7 'Jennie B (Bruhns) 97
7641 Distributor (Neil) 101
7f>Bo Nullah iMcKenzie) 103
'Kimberly < Chap pell) 99
'7616 Standard (McAlester) 104
7809 Carter H. Harrison Jr. (Reilly) 164
7675 Joe Prey (Schorr) 112,
7«7:i "Lady Fashion (Miller) 82'
7678 Malwells (Dayton & Kahn) 99
7678 Kubelik (Santa Fe Stable) 104
76301 'rbano (Boyle) 104
7661 Channel (Bridgett) 102
7653 'Mogregor ißianchi & Co.) 92
Second race—Five furlongs, four-year-olds
and up, selling.
7579 Adieu (Clifford) 117
767."> Revolt (Gilbert* 117
7579 •Glendenning iCameron) 114
<76.">4>»8e1! Reed (Fitzgerald) 114
BUS T. J. Cox (Webbt 115
7667 *I>ora 1 (Ryan) 112
<7628)'Ponapa (Clark) 108
7«T.". Redan (Strobel) 119
7547 Clausus (Ryan) .' 122
Third race—Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
nr. selling.
7580 Marello (Freters) 104
7561 Sir Dougal (Sheridan) ID4
7(UB War Times (Grossheim) 104
7570 •DoaWet (Fountain) 104
7568 Goldflnder (Fitzgerald) 109
7031 Yellowstone (Fine) 112
6716Riesca /Dunn) 104
.... Duet (Roach & Landsberg) 92
7666 'Myrtle H (Hertzell) 102
7631 Sterling Towers (Stockton Stables)... 107
7641 Troy (Gilberts 109
6.-75' Best Man (Rowell) v 104
Fourth race—One mile; four-year-ol*» end
Up, selling:
fees Bronze Wing (Judge) 109
7«6» 'Flaneur (Murray) 104
6580 'Miracle II (Knapp) 99
7K(C> Maxtress (Kronick* 97
, 7890 'Jack Hanert (Fountain) 99
7680 Bard Burns (O'Rourke) 112
7887 Isahellita (Ror.aldson) U)7
7550 Step Around (Boyle) 107
. 7400 'HatTy Beck (Lynch) 99
7577 'Vaughan (Hertzein 99
7650 'Sunny Shore (Dunn) 99
Fifth race—One mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and ur>: selling:
7659 'Hulford (Yehl) 96
<7627>*Anvil (Murray) 106
766S Meisterslnger (Healey) 114
7673 'Mr. Farnum (Wilson) 101
7657 'Dungannon (Knebelkamp) 99
7667 'Scotsman (Brinkworth) 106
7663 'Follow Me (Mozier Bros.) 106
7646 'Flying Torpedo (Ezell) 100
Sixth race—Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up: purse:
7C7.". Peter .1 (Romigh) 109
7480 Rainier (Donahue) 108
7678 Cinnabar fChappell) 106
7676 Little Wally (Brinkworth) 106
7592G«orge Berry (Bottger) 10H
7676 Padua (Price) 100
7640 Last Knight (Lamsney Bros.) 112
7652 The Lady Rohesia (Hcnshall) 104
•Apprentice allowance.
SLOAN TO WEAR CORRIGAN'S
GREEN AND WHITE COLORS
Famous Jockey Expects to*Be Rein
stated in This Country on the
French Court's Decision.
CHICAGO. Jan. s.—Tod Sloan, the
much talked of jockey, and, as his
friends declare, the much abused
youth of the saddle, is in this city. He
is, according to Ed Corrigan, to ride
for the latter next season, providing
the turf body in control gives him a
license. That he will get one is based
on the opinion of the French court's
decision that Sloan is entitled tp $40,
--000 for the injury done in ruling him
off by the French Jockey Club. The
feeling here is that Sloan is guiltless
of any turf crime abroad.
Sloan's appearance in the saddle
again will be watched with much in
terest to see if he has lost any of
his old time skill, judgment of pace
and ability to get a horse to run kind
ly for him.
CHOKER'S HORSES CANNOT
BE TRAINED AT NEWMARKET
Jockey Club Officials Refuse Per
mission, but as Usual Give
No Reason for the Action.
NEWMARKET, England, Jan. 5.—
The Jockey Club has refused to grant
permission for the horses of Richard
Croker recently purchased In Ireland
to train at Newmarket. As usual the
club officials gave no reason for its
action.
The secretary wrote to J. E. Brewer
of Heath House at Newmarket, with
whom Mr. Crocker had placed three
of his Irish horses for training, that
he would not be permitted to train
there. The three horses are still at
Newmarket.
APVEKTiSEMEN'TS. "
Weak Men and
Rupture Cured.
i ii , iV l A\D N !;> V .
*i2>l x ,<!,> b OK
Won the -isz u,l lH - ":<
Sua or °, O,° = Positive means
• 1 '" wn w ««cta will
■«Bis*aM»iisM" 1 completely develop
the organs, l :*ed with our Soluble Medicated
urethral
Urethral Crayons. uuickiy cures ail drain* und
discharges. Varicocele, Stricture, Prema'ure
iKcay, Enlargement ot Prostate Gland etc
Special cure for RUPTURE; no knife, no de
lay from work. Guarantee perfect cure
Money left in bank. Oar physicians are
well known to be experienced and strlctlv re
liable specialists and cure Rupture and all
d'ecases cf men only by modern methods. Cali
for free examination and full details of our
special cure for Rupture.
We want also especially every weak or un
developed man to call or write tor our most in
structive iro-page illustrated book. It fully ex
plains the action of our remarkable Vuvumu
and Crayon treatment. We- have the most
successful euro in the world. We give
treatment on 10 days' trial and ap
proval. Book sent fceeur*ly sealed, free.
Every man should read it. Call or write to
day. Hours 9to 9. Suaday*. 11 to 1. VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO., 0 OFarrell street
Mansard Meets With
Poor Racing Luck
v and Gets Place.
Smithy Kane Awakes
With a Start and
Nearly Wins.
Jakie Jones didn't accomplish much
with Misty's Pride in the five-furlong j
purse event yesterday at Oakland.
Jakie doesn't appear able to do much
with any of the short-priced ones he
rides of late. Pretty soon his services
will not be in such big demand.
The Oregon mare was played down
from 8 to i to 13 to 10 and ran fourth.
She did not run her race. Sad Sam, a
7 to 1 chance, after cutting off and foul
ing almost the whole field on the far
turn slid in less than a length ahead of
Mansard in 1:00%. As the race was run
the latter sprinter should have won, for
when cut off by Sad Sam Davis had to
pull him up, losing at least three
lengths. The favorite lost show honors
to Martinmas.
FOUR OUTSIDERS WIN.
Outsiders captured the first four num
bers on the card, then two choices
reached home in front. The track was
in excellent condition and a large
crowd viewed the sport.
Mimo, the mount of Travers, had first
call in the betting in the opening six
furlong event, and the gelding finished
second to Mocorito. The latter mare re
ceived careful nursing at the hands of
Mcßride, and coming from behind out
gamed the first choice, winning by
nearly a length. Hipponax finished a
close third, in front of The Cure.
There were fourleen starters for the
seven-furlong selling run. which fol
lowed. Suburban Queen looked the most
eligible, but Knapp could not drop the
mare in among the first three. The win
ner turned up in Karabel. a 13 to 1 shot,
which scored, ridden out, from Cinna
bar and Haven Run. Suburban Queen
died away after looking to have a great
chance.
ROBERT MITCHELL HAS SPEED.
Robert Mitchell, with Travers in the
saddle, made an awful showing of his
company in the six-furlong sprint for
three-year-olds. The Kismet colt re
ceded in the betting to 8 to 1 and then
went out and won in stake horse
fashion, scampering in nine lengths be
fore Sweet Kitty Bellairs, a 50 to 1
shot. Princess Zula, the 2 to 1 favor
ite, with Helgesen up, ran a fair
third.
A dozen cheap platers lined up in
the mile and seventy yard selling num
ber, .riugie, with Davip up, closed an
11 to 5 choice and with little in re
serve downed Adirondack less than a
length. Mcßride finished third on
Rene, a3O to 1 outsider. Frank Woods,
the mount of Bullman, the opening
favorite, came in for steady support,
but the old horse appears to be all in.
After running two bloomers Smithy
Kane came out for a "fair dinkum"
in the concluding five and a half fur
long dash. The fireside folks had the
temerity to back the Texas halfbreed
to beat Prince Brutus, a 1 to 2 fav
orite, and the good thing nearly went
through. Smithy Kane unwound a ball
of speed which was much longer than
any one was led to suspect he pos
sessed. Jakie Jones, who rode the fav
orite, tumbled to this fact when the
stretch was reached and through dint
of hard work got the Prince up in
time to win by a neck. David Boland
was third.
TRACK NOTES.
The apprentice allowance of Travers
expires to-day.
Only a few days back Lee Blasinerame
lost Salable from a selling race, "Kan
sas" Price claiming the son of Sam
Lucas. The three-year-old started in
the first race yesterday with the Price
colors up for th<? first time, and after
finishing fifth was claimed by George
Wentworth, trainer of Mocorito, for
$«25.
M. J. Daly purchased Arcade from
Walter Jennings yesterday for $1000.
Puerl Wilkerson, now in Los Angeles,
claims to hold a contract oh the ser
vices of "Big BIN" Knapp, the jockey,
tVhich does not expire until March 26
next. The jockey's father affirms that
no such contract exists. Wilkerson
filed his claim with Judge Hamilton
of Ascot Park. Knapp Sr. and his son
left for Los Angeles last evening to
settle up the matter. Walter Jen
nings recently engaged Knapp to do
the riding for his stable, and he states
that even if Wilkerson does hold any
sort of a contract on Knapp it is null
and void, tor Wilkerson owes the
jockey 5200 in unpaid riding fees.
The Pacific Jockey Club allotted the
following dates at a meeting held yes
terday: Seattle, May 27 to July 19,
inclusive; Portland, July 22 to Sep
tember 16, inclusive. Kenilworth Park.
Petaluma, has two weeks, following
| the close of the season at Oakland.
Several touches have come off in the
ring since the season opened, and Dell
Fountain is the latest victim. Dell
started to make a bet on some horse
! yesterday, and while holding up his
J wager to a bookmaker the crook re
j lieved him of 5420 which he carried in
a side pocket. *
Robert Mitchell, winner of the third
j event, was bid up from $500 to $1200 by
j "Kansas" Price, owner of Sweet Kit
ty Bellairs, which finished second. Gill
j Summers retained the colt with the
usual $5 bid.
"Kansas" Price shipped Schoolmate
ito Los Angeles last night., The Wads
worth gelding will start in the stake
event at Ascot Park to-morrow, with
112 pounds up. Anderson went down
to ride him.
i Willie Harris and Jim Neil had? a
j wordy argument on the paddock lawn
; over the capabilities of Jockey W.
j Davis. Harris, who holds the contract
jon Davis, made a complaint to the
I judges about the remarks passed by
i Neil. Jim said a mistake existed some
\ where, and the matter blew over like
i many another race track muss.
Baine Wins Handball Tourney.
; The handball tournament at the Olym
, pic Club drew a big crowd Wednesday
j night. Fred Baine won the first prize
;in the first class, with Harry Bogan a
! close second. In the first game Baine
, used the best headwork and won by
121-16. The second game was close,
j The puir were even at 19- and then
j Baine by a series of kills scored the
[points. The spectators were on their
, feet yelling all the time. Score, 21-19.
I Baine will meet Al Hampton next Sun
! day for a handsome silver cup.
I in the second class Bullion defeated
i Martin. Score, 11-21, 21-16, 21-2.
! Postelwaite beat Young by excellent
! serving to left court. Scores, 21-11,
I 21-20. Referee, Henry Cory; scorer,
] Louis Levy.
| WASHINGTON. Jan. s—Secretary Hay.
through the Secretary of the Treasury, has
] asked Congress to appropriate «750<> annually
Itj provide lor an envoy extraordinary and
1 minister plenipotentiary vo Morocco. -
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. JANUARY B, 1905
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Thursday, Jan. 5. * Weather cloudy. Track fast.
7<J77. FIRST RACE—Six furlongs; selling; three-year-old* and up; value to first.
Index j Horse and Owner. |Wtl8t. tt. tt- %• Str. Pin. j Jockey.
7600 llfceortto, a (J. Ryan) !102i 2 ... 7h «3 3nl% (McBride ...
7841 Mimo. 5 (P. Sheridan) ; 104) 4 ... 1 n 3 ltt2 1 2 ?i |Travers
7W.> iHlppon&x, a (A. C. Dean) jllOi 3 ... 3 lVjl 2 1 ltt3 tt iBullman ..
7830 [TIM Cure, d (Biinkworth) [10019 ... 8 5 8 4 7 2 4 2tt|W. Knapp.
7629 (Salable/ 3 (W. S. Price) 97 7 ... 6 1%5 ltt8 4 6 n IJ. Jones ..
(7K50)!Aita O, 5 (Mrs. Hertzelll |107| 6 ... 4 n 7 2 6 tt 6 tt Bonner
<7324> The Stewardess, fi (Wntr & J.)il01>j 1 ... 5 2tt* n 4 tt 7 1 [W. Davis ..]
764!> Golden Duck. .'! (Mrs. Schorr).! 9ftj 5 ... 2 h 2 n 5 tt 8 3 |Kunz
7650 I J. H. Bennett. 5 (Romigh) jlO»| 8 ...9 9 9 9 jT. Clark. ■■
Horse and Owner.
• tt.
tt-
%. Str. Pin.
Jockey.
5 *23-5
5-2 5-2
8 12
3 6
10 9
10 40
4 8
H 8
30 200
Time— :28, -AhU., 1:14i 4 . At post 3% minutes. Off at 2:l3tt- Moccrlto. place, 8-5; show,
4-5. Mlrr.o. place, 0-10; show, 2-5. Hipponax. show. 2. Winner, eh. m. by Amigo-Santa
Monica. Trained by. O. Wentworth. Scratched—A Lady, Royal Sweepstakes. Start
good. Won driving and going away. Balance driving. Slow to begin. Mocorito received
a superb ride and outgamed Mimo. Hipponax ran a nice race for a horse not supposed
to be a sprinter. The Cure requires strong handling. Salable tried to run out. The
Stewardess did well and will be hard to beat next time out. Golden Buck retired grace
fully.
7678. SECOND RACE—Seven furlongs: celling; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Horse and Owner.
tt.
tt-
\. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
7665
7637
7665
7«itift
7654
7665
7665
7665
7624
7562
7492
7637
7624
7631
Karabel, a (Bottgrer & H)
Cinnabar. 4 (E. A. Chappell)..
Haven Run, t 4 (Mrs. Harris)..
Silurian, a (Lamasney Bros.).
Sub Queen, 5 (Winter & J.)..
Aibonita. a (MeAbee & D)
Batidor, 5 (Walker & McK)...
!Frank Pearce* a (Stephenson).
Mai wells, 4 (Dayton & Kahn).
W r istaria, 4 (Stockton Stable).
[Penzance, 5 (H. Stover)
[Thorndale, 5 (W. M. Murry)..
Young; Pepper, 4 (E. Getchell).
iKubelik. 5 (Emeryville Stable)
10 ... 8 1%7 1 4 n 1 % I
11 ... 9 3 9 3 6 1 2 1%
6 ... 1 ltt3 lttS 1 3 %
5 ... 7 tt 7 2 4 n |
3 ... 3h2n2h5nl
4 ... 2 h 1 h 1 h 6 i,
8 ... 82 6 % 6 % 7 2
2 . 4 tt 6 1 8 1 8 2tt
9 ... 51 4 tt » 2 Stt
12 ... 11 3 11 10 2 10 2
14 ... 14 14 12 11 3
13 ... 13 %13 -13 12
1 ... 10 VjlO 1 11 13
7 ... 12 1 12 14 14
.....
p •
10
20
6
6
2
80
10
4
10
15
80
50
80
15
13
15
5
8
3
30
12
6
6
15
100
150
60
20
teigesen ..
r. Miller ..j
Cuns j
loffman ...
*. Stewart.
101
110
larnshaw .
tollman
Time— :24, :4H%, 1:15%. 1:28%. At post 6% minutes. Off at 2:43%. Karabel, place, 5: show,
5-2. Cinnabar, place, 6; show, 3. Run, show. 6-5. Winner, b. m. by Kisniet-Brlerfoot.
Trained by E. G. Harmon. Start fair. Won all driving. Karabel overdue. Away better.
Cinnabar could have won. Silurian was knocking at the finish. Suburban Queen can
do better when right on edge. Aibonlta looked dangerous for a while. Frank Pearce
badly buffeted about.
767f>. THIRD RACE—Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; value to first. $325.
7653 (Rob. Mitchell (Summers Co.)
7640 IS. K. Bellalrs (\V. .6. Price).
7600 I Princess Zula (Lagoria & Co.)
(7047)|Glendene (Mrs. Sanders)
7586 (Edna Sullivan (P. Sullivan).
7606 iThe Reprobate (Keene Co.)..
7491 jEl Paisano (G. Strobel)
7651 iBearskin (Skinner & Co.)....
jNika (L H. Ezell)
7647 Pearl Waters (O. F. Waters).
7644 jBen Eric (Blaslngame Btos ).
7ii47 Julia South (De I*a Montanya)
7539 jAndvarl (Mrs. Knapp)
7473 (>darburg (Alhambra Stbl.)..
109 3 ... 1 1%1 3 15 19 ITravers ...
104 7 ... 6 n J H S !4 2 % 1.1. Jones....
109 1 ... 8 h 4 4 4 4 3 l'o Helgesen ..
109 10 ... ft *; 6 2 ft 1 4 2*4 Minder
109 11 ... 10 2 8 3 6 2 5ft Kunz
Ill 5 ... 2 % 2 l} a 2 n 6 1 W. Davis..
109 12 ... 13 12 7 % Bonner
109 4 .... 12 10 8 2 8 ?4 H. Mlchels.
104 2 ... 9 10 9 2 Anderson .1
! 99 9 ... 8 4 7 2 11 10 ' Greenfield .
|l06! 8 ... 7 14 9 2 12 11 McBride ..
1104113 ... 11 13 13 12 Bell
114 fl ... 4 1 9 2 13 W. Knapp.
ll" 14 ... 14 14 14 14 Bullman ..
111
6 8
40 60
3 2
10 12
30 40
3 11-2
50 40
10 10
80 30
15 12
( 80 1ft
50 150
5 8
20 40
Time—?24*i, :48?i. 1:14%. At post 1 minute. Off at 8:07%. Mitchell, place. 5-2; show,
6-5. Bellairs. place. 15: show, 8. Zula, show, 3-5. Winner, b. c. by Kismet-Carrie
Dare. Trained by G. Summers. Start good. Won ridden out. Balance driving hard.
Winner bid up from $500 to $1200 by W. S. Price, but was retained. Winner had all
the speed. Sweet Kitty moved up a peg or two. Princess Zula ran a fair rac*. Away
better, Glendene would have taken more beating. The Reprobate sulked. Andvari can
do better when ready. J
7650. FOURTH RACE—Five furlongs; purse; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Horse and Owner.
it.
Fin.
(7642)
7639
7645
7645
7658
7656
7661
jSad Sam, a (H. Green) j
[Mansard, 5 (Keene & Co.)...
Martinmas, 5 (C. Henshall)...
jMlsty s Pride, 6 (S. J. Jones)
Sea Air. 3 (T. McLaughlin)..
|Sea Voyage, 3 (Mrs. Miller)..!
F. K. Shaw, 4 (Bianchi & Co.)
112
! 9i
' 91
2 ... In 1 2t£l % 1 % Sherwood .
ft ... 4 3 4 V, 2 1%2 \ |W. Davis..
3 ... 3 J£ 3 n 4 % 3 h |Kunx j
1 ... 2h 2 1 3 ft 4 2%|J. Jones....
4 ... 5 4 5 4 5 4 5 1%|W. Knapp.
7... 7 63 64 68 Wiley I
6 ... 6 V, 7 7 7 Bell
4 6
5-2 13-5
4 8
8-5 13-10
12 13
30 60
30 100
Time—:23. :47*i. 1:00%. At post % minutes. Off at 3:32. Sam, place, 11-5; show, 4-5.
Mansard, place. 7-10; sh*>w, 1-3. Martinmas, show, 1. "Winner, eh. g. by Rancocas-
Heeley. Trained by E. Getchell. Scratched—lrldlus. Start good. Won all driving.
Mansard was best and should have won without trouble. He was cut off by the winner
on far turn, losing at least three lengths. Martinmas outfooted. Too much weight for
Misty's Pride.
7881. FIFTH RACE—MiIe and 70 yards, selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. 8325.
Index! Horse and Owner. I
(7637);Augie, 6 (H. E. Magill) ]:
17»'.4::> Adirondack, 5 (Shannon)
7659 Hene. 5 (Lamasney Bros.).... !
7663 ITrapsetter, 4 (L. H. Ezell).. ]
(7C65)lBox Eld-;r, 4 (J. J. Moran).. :
7538 J. V. Kirby. 6 (G. Strobcl)..
7655 P Woods, a (Garden City St.)
(7655) Vigoroso 5 (Appleby & Co.).. :
7590 Theodora L, 5 (P. E. Smith). :
7666 Y. Marlow, 5 (T. McLaughlin)
7650 ' Hogarth, 4 (J. C. Turner)
7571 iMorengo, a (Maryland Stable). 1
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
110
104
14 2 \ 2 % 1 n 1*1%
12 1 »i In 2 4 2 "4 2 6
16 9 n 7 1 7 1%4 2M,3 H
| 9 6 % 5 5 1 ,1 H 4 314
7 » Jh 4 2 3 % 5 2 5 n
8 5 h 8 2 8 2ii6 % 6 2
110 1 6 14 6 n 7 1 7n
10 4 m.1 h 4 1*48 2 8 %
i 3 11 5 11 8 10 2 9 2 9 3
111 7 %10 14 9 n 10 2 10 2
5 8 44 9 n 11 4 11 4 11 4
[12 12 12 12 12 12
'. Davis..
ravers ...
cBride ...
irrett
"O
'. Kr.ii pp.
jllman ..
3 11-5
6 S
30 20
15 20
4 11-2
6 6
5-2 4
15 20
30 100
20 20
30 100
30 60
irevnneia .
f. Jones....
Vrlght ....
Uarle
ving
Time— :24%, :49%, 1:15%. 1:42, 1:46%. At post % minute. Off at 3:56%. Augie, place, 1;
show, 2-5. Adirondack, place. 3; show, 3-2 Rene, show, 5. Winner, eh. g. by Harvey
Barbor-Mlggle. Trained by W. Short. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving. Augie
tired some at close, but was best. Adirondack ran a good race. Rene showed improve
ment under better handling. Too short a price for Box Elder. J. V. Kirby won't do. Frank
Woods quit under hard pressure.
Index J Horse and Owner. ■
(7658)'Prince Brutus <T>. Cameron)..
7644 Smithy Kane (Hall & Co.)
(7649)jDavid Boland (Baird & Co.)..
'Squire Johnson (Mrs. Miller)..
7638 'Hstella J (W. B. Jennings)
7417 (Duplex (J. Touhey)
7517 |Prickles (H E. Magill)
7647 lAppollonia (B. Foley)
2 ... 1%2 1 In
1 ... 12 12 1 11,42 4
3 ... 3 3 35 34 3n
4 ... 4 % 4 % 4 >4 4 15
5 ... »H«H«2 5 n
7 ,.. 7 8 7 10 7 4 6 3
6 ... 6 4 6 % 7 10
8 ... 8 8 8 8
IJ. Jones....
W. Davis..
Bonner ....
1-2 11-20
7 7
12 12
4 21 -5
50 40
300 500
300 50O
300 500
McBride ...
|W. Knapp.
[Kunz
J.oaKue ....
IT. Clark...
Time—:23, :48. 1:07. At post % minute. Off at 4:24%. Brutus, place, 1-3; show, out.
Kane, place, 9-5; show, 3-5. Boland, show, 3-5. Winner, eh. g., by Brutus-Princess
Trained by D. Cameron. Start good. Won driving. Second stopping. Third driving
Smithy Kane came down from the Catskllls and ran like a son of Rip Van Winkle
Prince Brutus just did nip him. Boland ran a clever race. Squire Johnson can do bet
ter at a longer price. Others outclassed.
WITHDRAWS ORDINANCE
RELATING TO CREMATION
Health Board Finds Proposed Measure
Conflicts With State Law—Per
mits Granted for Sanitariums.
The Supervisors' Health Committee
yesterday listened to Health Officer
Ragan and other officials of the
Health Department in support of the
proposed ordinance making it unlaw
ful to cremate the remains of any dead
person until they have been in a re
ceiving vault for at least thirty days.
Dr. Ragan said that the State law re
quires remains to be kept five days
before cremation and as the proposed
ordinance conflicts f with the statute
he asked to withdraw the measure.
This was allowed.
Dr. Ragan was heard regarding the
objections of the Health Board to the
establishment of a laundry at York
and Twenty-sixth streets and the rec
ommendation that soap factories and
tanneries be excluded from the district
near the swamp at Twenty-sixth and
Army streets. Ragan stated that such
industries were a menace to health,
owing to there being no sewer connec
tion. The committee laid the matter
over pending the making of some ar
rangement to connect the York-street
sewer with the Army-street sewer. The
Board of Works was asked to make
an estimate of the cost of the im
provement.
The committee was kept busy hear
ing petitions for permits to conduct
sanitariums and maternity hospitals.
Permits were granted to various in
stitutions that complied with the or
dinance, while a few that the com
mittee was doubtful about were taken
under advisement.
DEMENTED MAN OFFERS
FORTUNE FOR AN APPLE
Martin Britt Would Pay a Thousand
Dollars for Fruit, But Gen
erosity is Spurned.
Martin Britt, a demented but good
natured man walked up to Deputy
Health Officer Louis Levy yesterday
afternoon and demanded that Levy
sell him an apple for a thousand dol
lars. Levy was unable to accommo-
Sate Mr. Britt, but escorted him to
the insane ward of the Central Emerg
ehcy Hospital where he told his trou
bles. . 1
Among other things, Britt told
about a $50,000,000 deposit to his
credit in the Hibernia Bank, donated
to him by H. E. Huntington. He pre
sented a check for the amount and
when it was dishonored, he felt sore.
Britt will probably be sent to one of
the State hospitals for the insane to
day. He says his home is in Oakland.
DESK IS ATTACHED.—An attachment was
levied yesterday on a desk belonging to M. T.
Haird in the Cross ley building by Herbert
on a claim of $82
COUNSEL CANNOT SHAKE
GALLAND'S TESTIMONY
Attorneys for George Monnier Elicit
Nothing New From Deputy
Sheriff.
The damaging testimony given by
Jesse Galland, one-time bosom friend
of George Monnier, who is suing for
a share of his father's estate, was
carefully gone over by Sullivan and
Roche, for the contestant, yesterday.
Galland's testimony as to the abuse of
the old man by George and the re
quest that he endeavor to get George
"shanghaied" withstood all technical
assaults by the lawyers.
During the testimony some personal
questions relative to the witness' con
nection with politics were asked, and
Galland said he had made money at it
in the past and stood pretty well at
present.
Miss Marie Labarcat and Miss Marie
Vidaillet, servants in the Monnier
household, told of the Quarrels and
bitter language occurring frequently,
and the latter witness said she had
seen George choke his father and
chase him with a butcher knife.
Mrs. Monnier was on the stand for
half an hour under a fire of questions
from Sullivan. She refused to tell her
age, and Sullivan insisted. George D.
Collins strenuously objected to her
answering, but Judge Graham allowed
the question, and Mrs. Monnier said
that she was born in 1847 and came to
California when she was 16. She tes
tified that she failed to remember
where she lived in San Francisco be
fore her marriage. The case will be
continued Monday morning at 11
o'clock.
COME FAR TO TESTIFY
IN A BURGLARY CASE
Four Army Officers Arrive from Fort
Snelling as Witnesses Against
Juan Sanchez.
Captains J. A. Pearce, E. G. Over
shine and I. J. Carr and Lieutenant S.
A. Price of the Twenty-eighth Infan
try arrived yesterday from Fort Snell
ing, Minnesota, to give testimony
against Juan Sanchez, a former Fili
pino scout, who is to be tried in the
United States District Court on a
charge of burglarizing the house of
Captain Pearce at the Presidio in
September. Sanchez was captured by
Captain Carr. On the person of the
prisoner was found the loot, consisting
of jewelry and valuables. He had en
tered several houses at the post.
Inasmuch as the crime was commit
ted on the Goverment reservation the.
prosecution devolved on the Federal
authorities. The cost of bringing the
four officers to San Francisco will
amount to about $1000, whereas the
total amount of Sanchez's, thefts could
not have been more than $250 j
HORSES LOWER
TRACK RECORDS
New Marks Are Established
on the Course at Ascot
Park at Three Distances
CRUZADOS IS IN FORM
Spreadeagles His Field in
Six Furlong Race, Winning
Cleverly in Fast Time
LOS ANGELES, Jan. s.—Three new
track records were made at Ascot to
day as follows: Emperor of India, one
mile and seventy yards in 1:44; Cruza
dos, six furlongs in 1:12%,, and Cerro
Santa, six and a half furlongs in 1:20.
The track was lightning fast, and fa
vorites were generally successful.
Patsy Brown was the only outsider to
upset calculations, winning the second
race at 16 to L
High Chancellor, Elliott and Elie
were heavily played for the handicap,
the feature of the card, but none of
them finished inside the money. Em
peror of India, coupled with Sheriff
Bell, was backed at 3 to 1 and won han
dily in fast time. Tulane was a close
second and Sals third.
Cruzados spreadeagled his field in
the fourth race. He had the others
dizzy when the finish came. He won by
five lengths from Oxford, with Sand
stone third. The time was the best
that has been made this season.
Weather cloudy; track fast. Sum
mary:
First race, selling, five furlongs—Revel, 98
(Kent), 7 to 2, won; Linda Rose, 98 (Walsh),
4 to 1. second; Lady Witt. 98 (Miller). 12 to
1, third T;me, 1:01%. Zuzu, Snrlngleaf,
Dingdong 11, Bailey, Massacre, St. Dixie,
Primero and Dipper also ran.
Second race, selling, one mile—Patsy Brown,
Wt (Moriarity), 16 to 1, won; Lustig. 98 (Per
rine). 5 to 2, second: Anirad, 93 (Kent), 8 to
1. third Time. 1:41%. Ethel Scruggs, Hel
gerson. Huapala. Golden Ivy, Lookaway and
May Holladav also ran.
Third race one mile and seventy yards—
Emperor of India, 105 (Miller). 3 to 1, won;
Princess Tulane, 106 (Walsh). 4 to 1, second;
Sais, 107 (Dugan). 10 to 1. third. Time, 1:44.
Elliott. High Chancellor. Ralph Reese, Sheriff
Bell and Elie also ran. Emperor of India and
Sheriff Bell coupled in the betting.
Fourth race, six furlongs—Cruzados, 107
(Fuller), 11 to 10. won; Oxford, 95 (McDanlel),
8 to 5, second: Sandstone, 87 (Hennessey). 20
to 1, third. Time, 1:12%. Delagoa and Wil
liam Wriant also ran.
Fifth race, selling, one and a sixteenth
miles— Merwan, 104 (McDaniel), 3 to 5. won;
Montana Peeress, 102 (Fitzgerald), 12 to 1,
second; Needful, 104 (Kent). 4 to 1, third.
Time, 1:47%. Laureatea, Ml Reina, Canejo
and Phyz also ran.
Sixth race, selling, six and a half furlongs—
Cerro Santa, 110 (Herbert), 7 to 5. won; Dur
bar. 101 (McDaniel). 2 to 1, second; Cloche
d'Or. 100 (Fitzgerald), 15 to 1, third. Time,
1:20. Cloverton, Alarnansor and Buchanan also
ran.
New Orleans Racing Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. s.—Following are to
day's results:
First race, six furlongs—Mrs. Bob won,
Green Gown second, Jade third. Time,
1:15 4-5.
Second race, seven furlongs—Lineal won,
Light Note second. Harpoon third. Time, 1:29.
Third race, seven furlongs—Ascot Belle won,
Kitty Piatt second, Flight third. Time,
1:28 2-5.
Fourth race, mile and twenty yards—Monte
won; Pawtucket second, Xo Trumper third.
Time, 1:43 4-5.
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards—Lady
Chariot won. Mint Rod second, Nowa third.
Time, 1:47.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles—
Reveille won, Foremaster second, Arachue
third. Time, 1:50 3-5.
Lipton Seeks Another Designer.
NEW YORK, Jan. s.—Sir Thomas
Dewar, M. P., arrived to-day on the
Graf Waldersee, bringing the news
that Sir Thomas Lipton is looking for
a new designer to build another
Shamrock to compete for the Ameri
ca's cup.
Harris Signs Another Pitcher.
Manager Harris of the San Fran
cisco Baseball Club received a signed
contract on Wednesday from Pitcher
Roscoe Miller. The latter has played
with Pittsburg and other National
League teams. %
WIFE OF A RAILROAD
MAN IS GIVEN DIVORCE
Mrs. Nettie Taylor's Tale of Cruelty
Induces Judge Graham to**-
Grant Decree.
Judge Graham yesterday granted a
divorce to Nettie J. Taylor from Mar
vin L. Taylor, a Southern Pacific con
ductor, on the ground of cruelty. Their
property interests were settled out of
court. Mrs. Taylor's complaint was
sensational in its charge that her hus
band had boasted that he had killed
two persons and had "kicked the life
out of his passengers," and was ready
to kick the life out of her. She also
said he pinched the nose of his step
daughter until it produced a growth
on that member. The mother and
daughter testified to these and other
facts in court.
Other divorces were granted as fol
lows: By Judge Graham, to Lillian
Mitchell from Francis Mitchell, deser
tion; by Judge Troutt, to Marthie
Downing from Warren Downing, de
sertion; by Judge Kerrigan to Agnes
Kellow from Thomas Kellow, neglect.
A. E. Stanley sued her husband,
James F. Stanley, for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. In her long list
of allegations was one to the effect
that four years ago he refused to pro
vide a wardrobe for an expected
babe, with the remark that "it would
not be the first baby born without
clothes."
Other actions for separation were
begun by Peer Ernest Segerstrom
against Helma. Segerstrom for deser
tion; Josie» Lenterdt against Christo
pher Lenterdt, neglect; Frank A. Roux
against Sarah C. Roux, desertion; Ed
ward J. Thompson against Mary
Thompson, habitual intemperance;
John Donnachie against Maria Don
nachie, infidelity.
Accused of Perjury.
Mrs. H. M. Wright, 32A Rausch
street, obtained a warrant from Po
lice Judge Conlan yesterday for the
arrest of Warren G. Grove, a petty
officer at Mare Island, on a charge of
perjury. It is alleged that Grove, dur
ing his examination in a divorce suit
brought by his wife and tried in
Judge Troutt's court on December 2.
swore that he had no money or means
except $7 due him next pay day.
\»hereas he $565 in the bank of
tile United States Steamship Inde
pendence at Mare Island.
WOMEN LOSE THEIR JEWELRY.—Mrs.
Ai.#e Wilds and Mrs. Ella Coffey, who oc
cupy a room at 225 Fourth street, reported to
the police yesterday that during" their absence
on Wednesday some one had entered the room
with a pass key. The bureau drawers had
been ransacked and their jewelry and a coat
had been stolen.
MEXICO CITY. Jan. 6.—A slight earthquake
was felt In the remote districts of the state of
Oaxaca this morning. At Omepetic the shock
waa severe.
ANOTHER HITCH
IN PROGRAMME
Gardner Refuses to Come
Here for the Pleasure
of Mixing It With Gans
DOUBLE EVENT PLANNED
Neil and Murphy and Finn
ucane and Hyland Are On
the Bill as Substitutes
The fight layout for this month was
switched again last night. Jimmy
Gardner does not feel disposed to come
all the way to San Francisco just for
the pleasure of a mere mix-up with
Gans. He informed Manager Greggains
of his decision by wire last night, and
the latter set about matching Frankie
| Neil, the bantam, with Tommy Murphy
of Philadelphia, and Dick Hyland with
| Billy Finnucane of Chicago as a double
! event in place of the Gans-Gardner go.;
The outlook for a "fight" has become
! quite a joke along the line. The news
! that the Gans-Gardner bout was off did
. not create a great sensation at that.
When the match was made last Mon
day night there were many who took it
as a joke, and still others declared it
was another deeply laid plot by which
Herford might get away with some
more California coin. Many of the wise
[ fraternity are sure the Gans-Gardner
match was made in Baltimore by the
wily Herford.
Gardner says in his telegram that he
has a fight on at Denver on the 25th
inst., and therefore could not get to
this city in time to go a few rounds
with Gans. No one seems to know the
true reason why the match was de
clared off, though Herford might have
had something to say about that, too.
Gans and Herford will come .right
through to San Francisco just as
though nothing had happened. They
do not seem to be the least bit afraid
of meeting a lynching party or a vigil
ance committee at the ferry. Their
mission here will probably be explained
when something- comes off and a big
wad of the public's coin finds its way
into their capacious pockets.
Murphy and Neil were practically
matched by Greggains last night. Both
boys say they are eager for a go, and
there seems no hitch in the proceed
ings. Murphy's manager is willing to
post a forfeit of $2500 and let this sum
go for a side bet. Neil says he is ready
to bet Murphy any amount he desires.
The Hyland-Finnucane bout was
not settled last night. Hyland is will
ing to go on, but no word was received
from the Chicago lad. He is rated as a
fast boy, having met such men as Tom
my Mowatt, Willie Mack. Tommy Sul
livan and others. Greggains thinks the
double match system will make a hit.
Both mills will be twenty-round affairs.
Morris Levy is trying to sign Nelson
and Young Corbett for a return bout
before the Hayes Valley Club in Febru
ary. It is almost an assured fact that
the match will go through. Corbett
wants to fight and is at present in
training. Nelson will be about ready to
talk business when he returns from his
hunting trip some few weeks hence.
The men will likely be signed at 130
pounds at 6 o'clock, the weight they
met at before. There is practically no
other match in sight for the promoters.
Know-It-AU Jake Plays the Races,
His horse finishing last, it proves his
finish. In Next Sunday's Call—Comic
Section.
ARE GUESTS ON STEAMER
EXCURSION ON THE BAY
Delegates to the Master Painters' and
Decorators' Convention Visit
Many Interesting Points.
The delegates to the Master Painters'
and % Decorators' convention were
guests of a well-known wholesale
paint house on an excursion yesterday
around the bay. The party left the
Clay-street wharf early in the morn
ing in one of the bay steamers. All
the interesting points about the bay
were visited. The day was chilly, but
it did not have the effect of marring
the pleasure of the members. Plenty
to eat and drink added to the enjoy
ment of the party.
At the opening session of the con
vention Wednesday, at Red Men's
Hall, many interesting papers, dealing
with vital points of the craft, were
read and discussed.
At the session to-day many impor
tant resolutions will be brought before
the body to vote on., and it is expected
that some of them relating to existing
conditions will be adopted.
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Credentials—O. X. Yeakle. Ran Francisco;
G. A. Dennis. Oakland, and C. B. Stllwell.
San Jose.
Resolutions—Daniel Foley, Charles Metzger
and J. C. Stilwell. ,
Delegates present: P. X. Kuss. James Ca
hill J. E H. Black. Henry Kern, Daniel
Foley. O. X. Yeakle, W. T. Beck, L. A. Rea,
Max Cohn. John Quadt, H. Axt. W. 8. T'p
ham H. F. Wagner. G. A. Dennis, H. Sheele,
H. Wayne. S. C. B. King, Thomas Wastie.
Xathaniel McDonald was appointed sergeant
at-arms.
JEWISH WOMEN DEBATE
OBSERVANCE OF CHRISTMAS
Council Meeting at Temple Emanu-El
Listens to Able Papers on
Interesting Topic.
The Council of Jewish Women held
a, very interesting convention yester
day afternoon in the rooms of Tem
ple Emanu-El. The subject, "Should
We Celebrate Christmas in/ Our
Homes?" was ably and pointedly dis
cussed. Two papers, by Mrs. J. C.
Levey and Mrs. D. Hirshberg, were
favorably inclined toward the observ
ance of Christmas, stating that it in
no wise harmed nor interfered with
the Jewish faith. The negative was
emphatically upheld by Mrs. M. C.
Sloss and Mrs. «.M. Neumann, the
latter particularly protesting against
the introduction of Christian rites
into the households of Judaism.
Much enthusiasm greeted each
reader and the papers were excellent
in argument and reason.
Veterans Install Officers.
Colonel Cass Post, Grand Army of
the Republic, held a banquet and in
stallation of officers last night. The
following were installed: Command
er, G. W. Arbuckle: senior vice com
mander, A. B. Donnelly; junior vice
commander, James Butler; adjutant,
J. H. Riley: quartermaster, R g.
Dodwell; surgeon, Andrew Ferrora;
chaplain. officer of the
day. John H. Welch; officer of the
guard, Edward Johnston; quartermas
ter sergeant, John O'Neil; nargeant
major, John Welch; representative to
encampment, Andrew Ferrora; alter
native, Thomas Clifford.
FIGHTING CLUBS
TO BE PROBED
Supervisors Will Investi
gate the Iniquitous In
stitutions Next Week
BERGER IS UNDER FIRE
Olympic flub Directors to
Dispose of His Case To-
Night at Their Meeting
The Supervisors' Police Committee
postponed action yesterday on the peti
tion of the Hawthorne Club to give an
amateur boxing exhibition on the 31st
inst. The committee decided to await
the outcome of the agitation raised by
the Olympic Club relative to the al
leged irregularities of boxers in violat
ing the amateur rules. The committee
cited representatives of all the ama
teur clubs to appear next Thursday,
when an inquiry into the alleged viola
tions of the rules will be commenced.
The Brooklyn Athletic Club, through
E. C. Harrington, manager, filed aft ap
plication to give a professional boxing
exhibition during March.
President William Greer Harrison of
the Olympic Club andr George James
and other officials of the Pacific Ath
letic Association will be among the
men who will endeavor to show the Su
pervisors the deplorable state into
which the so-called amateur boxing
has fallen in this city. While many
people know of the existing conditions
it is difficult to get them to testify,
especially as the promoters stand to
gether and deny that money is paid,
although it is a matter of common no
toriety.
The directors of the Olympic Club
will take up the Berger case to-night
at their meeting. Although powerful
influences are at work to save him, it is
expected the. resignation he placed in
the hands of the directors some months
since will be accepted. He claims that
at the worst he is in the same category
as Jimmie Britt, Eddie Graney, Phil
Wand, Young Mitchell and others who
are professionals and who are allowed
to remain in the club. He overlooks
the fact that charges of conduct preju
dicial to the best interests of the club
have been preferred against him, while
there is nothing against the others.
EMPIRE GUN CLUB ELECTS
OFFICIALS FOR THE YEAR
Confidence Is Shown by the Members
in the Old Board. Which Is
Returned.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Empire Gun Club held Wednesday night
the following officers were elected to
serve for the ensuing year: President,
James P. Sweeney: vice president, t>r.
George G. Gere; secretary-treasurer, J.
B. Haver; captain, A. J. Webb; lieu
tenant, W. O. Cullen: sergeant at
arms. C. A. Bennett. Every officer or
the club was re-elected, which speaks
in a gratifying manner of the
esteem in which they are held by the
large membership and the apprecia
tion of the various duties performed
by each official. The same committees
were named by President Sweeney as
are at present handling the club's af
fairs, namely: Executive committee—
Dr. Gfyorge G. Gere, J. B. Haver, F. S.
Judah, J. Peltier, Con Roman.
The club's finances were reported
dn excellent condition. The initiatory
fee was raised to 5200, beginning July
1 next. Besides enjoying great pros
perity, the club boasts of having a full
membership and a long waiting list.
Hayes Valley Club Bouts.
Manager Morris Levy has arranged
the card for the boxing to be given by
the Hayes Valley Athletic Club in
Woodward's Pavilion on Friday even
ing, the 13th inst. It is as follows:
Willie Edwards vs. Jack Bradshaw,
115 pounds; Chiefle Johnson vs. Frank
Smith, 105 pounds; Willie Duff
vs. Jack McDonald. 125 pounds-
Jack O'Brien (Telegraph Hill) vs.
Young Dempsey, 125 pounds; Abe
Label vs. Jack O'Brien, 122 pounds;
Frank Mayfield vs. Joe Thomas, and
Young Choynski vs. Lew Powell.
Oarsmen Elect Officers.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 5.-M>fficers have
been elected by the Alameda Boating
Club as follows: President, Albert
Kihn: vice president, W. C. Donnelly;
secretary, John Trainor; treasurer, A.
G. Bell; captain, E. B. Thorning; lieu
tenant captain, F. M. Shay; sergeant
at arms, Charles Dufosee; executive
committee—J. J. Hammond, F. S.
Cone. F. M. Hunt; master fo cere
monies, Charles Henry Walsh.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR WEAK MEN!
With Free Suspensory.
If your manly strength has been wasted by
the dissipations of youth or of maturity, over
work, worry or sickness. I can promise, if you
will wear my Belt, that you will regain the
vicor and pleasure of perfect strength.
DR,MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Cures weakness in Men and Women. Weak
Backs. Varicocele, Rheumatism, Stomach.
Kidney and Liver TYoubles. Constipation and
all Nervous Diseases.
FREK TKST—Call at my office and test my
Belt and see tf<e testimony of the cured".
FREE BOOK—If you can t call, inclose this
ad. and I will mail, sealed and free, my beau
tifully illustrated 80-page book, which tells
all. Address
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin,
936 Market St., San Francisco.
(Author of "Hand's System of Handicapping
and Turf Speculator's Guide.")
BOOMS 1-2-3-4. 850 MAEKET ST..
San Francisco.
Our figures are based strictly on the class
and form of horses and jockeys as shown in
A<"l't'AI- races-not "Inside Information" or
"workouts"—the result belns that we obtain
an average of OVER 40 PER CENT OF THE
WINNERS coNTiNi OCSi.v.
("all and investigate uy and our methods of
doing buflnefcg.
Terms—43.00 Daily. $15,00 Weekly or
$50.00 Monthly.
REFERENCES—ANY reputable raetaff mar.
in America.TUG SEA ROVER IS AGAIN SEARCHING
FOR DISABLED STEAMER LAKME.
DERELICT IS SIGHTED
•' The steam schooner North Fork is
having a hard time of it hanging on
. jfo her broken down sister, Lakme. and
.j. "if the tug Sea Rover is again unsuc
• • A eSsful in finding the dereltct the
'". North Fork may run short of coal and
t , be /compelled to abandon the vessel
. she' undertook to tow from Eureka to
this port. The Lakme. loaded with
. „°.lumber ' and carrying fourteen pas
..' sengers, left Eureka January 1 for
' this port. While crossing the Hum
' hoidt bar. she struck bottom, bump
• • ing off her rudder and breaking her
•„ tail shaft. Passengers and part of the
■* crew were taken off and in tow of the
steam schooner North Fork, the Lak
. me' started for San Francisco. The
tug Sea Rover was dispatched from
•".here by the Charles Nelson Company,
owners of the Lakme and North Fork.
...Southerly gales drove the North
• Fork and her tow far to the north
• ward of Humboldt Bay and the Rov
er returned to this port, having been
unable to find the broken down coast
"• vr and her willing but weak escort.
• . The Sea Rover left here again on
Wednesday for another hunt, but when
; last sighted the Lakme and her tow
were so far off shore that it is feared
' the Rover will again miss them.
. . The Lakme and North Fork were
; sighted Wednesday morning übout
ten miles off Cape Mendocino by the
. steamer Santa Barbara, which arrived
. here yesterday. The tow line had
. broken and the water-logged Lakme
. was wallowing laboriously in a heavy
. swell, shedding a few feet of her cargo
• of/lumber with every roll. The North
;• Fork was standtng by.
•./..•The steam schooner Aurelia. which
arrived yesterday, brought from Eu
reka seven of the Lakme's crew and
. fourteen of the passengers who left
.. the Lakme and returned to Eureka
: ' when the coaster was found to be too
• seriously damaged to make anything
. : but a slow trip to San Francisco.
-•; • ♦
Harbor Commission Meets.
•" • The State Board of Harbor Commissioners
met yesterday and disposed of some unlm
jortant routine business. Elwood Cooper.
•; •.' 'oi;imis»k>ner of Horticulture, wh" has quar
. ;-ters ift the Ferry building, asked the board
. s'*>r more room, the space allotted to him being
ir sufficient for his work. H. D. Newhouse
wants" the board to rent him six square feet
-.. in the ferry depot where he would like to
•• _ manufacture and sell candy. The Harbor Com
, • missioners passed a resolution authorising the ,
\ m attorney of the board to attend the present
"■ se«elon of the Legislature as the representative
. *• of the board.
• . a
Tacoma Is Afloat.
Tugs succeeded yesterday in pulling the
. steamship Taccma Into deep water and she
" was expected to sail last evening for the
Orient. She went ashore In Puget Sound. n*ar
the West Point lighthouse. As fur as known
, she .sustained no damage.
• • a
Many Vessels Arrive.
Mqre than a score of vessels came in through
. • th» Golden Gate yesterday between sunrise
'and' dark. They were all coasters and mo?.
02 them lumbar carriers.
• •' •
To Command the Arabs.
.'-■"aptaln George Harvey, formerly commo- j
. dcre captain of the Merchants' and Ship- '
• owners' Towboat Company, has entered the ]
. service of the Pacific Mail Company aa com
ir.ar.uer of the new tugboat Arabs. When the i
•new tug was built R. P. Schwerin decided ]
that to get the best out ot the boat an ex-
towboat man should have command, j
There are many towboat men here, but none
suitable that would take the Job at the pay
offered by the Pacific Mail Company, which
was lower by >50 a month than the wage
. paid here on first-class tugs. A man was i
' brought from the East and Captain Harvey ;
was -ngaged to take command while the East
erner was studying the harbor and schooling
himself to qualify for a local license. The I
..Imported captain apparently has failed to :
satisfy the company's demands, and the wage
. scale ha 9 been elevated to the local standard, '
for It was announced yesterday that Captsin '
Harvey had accepted the command of tin j
. Arabs as a permanent appointment. Harvey
is considered one of the beet towbdat men at
thia port.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
.' -tot reinsurance as follows: Stork, 70 per cent;
.''Edith Mary, 85 per cent.
«
Water Front Notes.
"The British tramp steamer Crusader, which '
. arrived Tuesday night from Moji with 6000
tons of coal, will discharge her cargo at Oak
land. 1
The Chief Wharfinger yesterday recom- I
mended that the request of Henry Johnson
and Charles Peterson for permission to use
the boat landing at Folsom street be granted,
and the Harbor Commissioners so ordered.
* The ship Marion rhilcott arrived yester
. day at Honolulu from Monterey.
Captain W'llliam Roberts of the United States
revenue cutter service is in the city on busi
•,'ness connected with the life-saving service of
which he has charge on the Washington coast.
Captain Roberts was stationed at this port for
many years and In marine and social circles
has many friends.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
\ Matters of Interest to Mariners and '
Shipping Merchants.
. - • The Dutch ship Europa was cleared yester- |
' day for London with 20.670 ctls barley. 48.070
cs canned fruit, 6000 cs canned salmon. 18.063 \
'"gals wine. 381,084 lbs dried prunes, 51 cs pre- j
served cherries. 6300 gals 1 cs brandy. 5 cs
canned vegetables, 1 cs syrup. 103,710 lbs zinc
. skimmings and 114,125 lbs tallow, valued at
$214,522.
The vessel also carried 10,000 ft lumber as
•dunnage, valued at $150.
Tonnage Engagements.
The British steamer Crusader, which arrived
h»re- on Wednesday, was chartered prior to ar- ♦
• tlva; for lumber from Puget Sound to China
'at'Mi 3d: barkentlne Aurora, now at this port,
. proceeds to Puget Sound to load lumber for j
' shanghai at 33s tkl; the bark Kaiulani loads !
general cargo here for Honolulu; the French |
park Notre Dame d'Arvor proceeds to Noumea
in ballast.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N . Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
January 5. 1905.
' The' Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exaftly at noon to-day—
1 c. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
.P. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
: ' Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
a
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Cnlted Slates Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
.. - at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
, . *»ay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
. NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
. riiinutes later than at Fort Point; the height
.of tide Is the same at both places.
'• !
FRIDAY, J
Sun risea 7:25
Sun sets 5:06
M ion nets 6:17 p. m.
O. |THne[ ITImej [Time] iTlme
•„ Ft. f 1 Ft. Ft. ! Ft.
• » !H Wf f_ W| (H Wj |L W
6 I 0:481 4.61 5:14 .'JO 11:161 5.91 6:101—0.6
•7 1:30| 4.7 6:CO : .1.0 11:55! 5.516:50—0.4
8 . 2:\V 4.8' 6:481 3.1 12:38! 5.1 7:25 0.0
ft 2:49. 4.8 7:41 3.1 1:24 4.7 ! 8:02! 0.4
• 10 3:2.1! 4.8 8:37 ! 3.1 2:13| 4.3! 8:371 0.8
.11 4:00! 4.8! 9:40! 2 9 3:06! 3.9! St: 18 1.2
12 t 4:35' 4.ftil0:45j 2.6j 4:12| 3.6!l0:08| 1.7
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides j
'he early morning tides are given In the left t
hand column and the successive tides of the j
.<iay in the order of occurrence as to time; the
'■ unh time column gives the latt tide of tha
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
.-addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < —)•
' sign precedes the height, and then the number
Sivea ia subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. 4
Steamer.
Saxonia j Seattle 'Jan. 8
Elizabeth Couullle River iJan. 6
S. Monica Grays Harbor Jan. 6
Acapulco New York via Aneon. . Jan. 6
Santa Rosa... J San Diego tt Way Pons Jan. 6
Corona j Humboldt .ia.-. 6
City Puebla.. .1 Puget Sound Ports Jan. 6
J. Higglns | Sar. Pedro IJan. 8
Eureka 'Humboldt jjan. ti
Edith Oyster Harbor Jan. 8
Chehalia San Pedro Jan. «
Norwood San Pedro Jan. 6
Sana Cruz... San Pedro t: Way Pts. IJan. 7
C. Nelson San Pedro Jan. 7
I_i)Ua San Pedro |Jan. 7
Vanguard.... Humboldt jJan. 7
Nevadan Honolulu tt C... .:. Jan. 7
Sequoia iWtllcpa Harbor ! Jan. 7
San Ptdro San Pedro jJan. 7
Arctic Humboldt jJan. 8
Columbia Portland & Astoria Jan. 9
lireakwater...: Co-is Bay iJan. 9
Stste Cal I San Diego & Way Pts. ; Jan. 9
Pomona 1 Humboldt |Jan. 9
Homer Grays Harbor I Jan. 9
fel Norte 'Crescent City Jan. 9
N'ewburg Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Pomo i Point Arena & Albion.. Jan. 10
Cascade j Grays Harbor Jan. 10
;j>uer.. Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Areata ! Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Jan. 11
VmatlHa Puget Sound Ports Jan. 11
North Fork.. J Humboldt I Jan. 11
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Jan. 11
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham.. iJan. 11
Ctr. Panama.. New York via Aneon.IJan. 11
F. kilbnrn ■ Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 11
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Jan 12
Ctntralia Grays Harbor |Jan. 12
Doric China te Japan IJan. 13
Er.i.-M.r.s* • Hllo '• iJan. 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 14
Queen j Puget Sound Ports ; Jan. 18
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination, j eaus. ■ nw.
Steamer. I
January 6. I
Areata Coos B. ft Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
S. Monica.. Lc*> Angeles Ports; _ pm;Pler 2
Anubis Hamburg ft Way..] 10 am Pier 19
Norwood -Seattle direct 1 5 pmjPier 2
Coos Bay... i San Pedro * Way. 9 amPler 11
January 7. |
Iaqua Astoria ft Portland 2 pm Pier 2
Redondo Astoria ft Portland; 4 pmi Pier 2
San Pedro... Humboldt | 4 pmlPier 2
Elizabern.. .iCoquille River | 5 pmjPier 20
Point Arena.!Point Arena | 4 pm'Pier 2
Aurelia Astoria ft Portland 4 pm Pier 27
G. W. Elder ! Astoria * Portland'll amPler 24
City Para.. .IN. T. via Ancon..jl2 m, Pier 40
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
f'zaiina Coos Bay direct...! 5 pm Pier 8
G. Dollar... Seattle direct I 4 pm'Pier 20^
Saxonia • Hamburg ft Way..!lo am!Pier 19
South Bay.. Grays Harbor '12 mSPier 27
C. Nelson... Humboldt j 2 pm Pier 20
{ January 8. I
Corona Humboldt |1:30 p]Pler 9
S. Rosa , San Diego ft Way| 9 am,Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt j 8 amlPier 13
; January 9. I t
Vanguard...] Humboldt j 5 pm-Pier 27
Argo !Eel River Ports...I 4 pm Pier 2
January 10.
China China ft Japan 1 1 pm Pier 40
City Puebla. Puget Sound Port*. 11 amPler 8
H Cruz San Pedro ft Way. 1 9 am Pler 11
January 11. J
Pomona Humboldt l:30p,Pier 9
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 1 4 pmlPier 20
Arctic Humboldt I » am Pier 2
Breakwater-:Coos Bay direct i 5 pm ; Pier 8
January 18. I
State of Cal•! can Diego ft Way. 8 am!Pier 11
porno Pt. Arena ft Albion! 6 pmPier 2
Sierra Sydney ft Way Pts. 2 pmjPier 7
Columbia...! Astoria & Portlandlll am[Pier 24
Homer j Grays Harbor I 4 pmiPler 10
January 13. !
G Ltndauer. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier —
January 14. !
Acapulco... ! N. Y. via Ancon..|12 nippier 40
F. Kilburn..; Portland & Way.; 4 pmjPier 27
Rainier Seattle ft BUnghm; 4 pmjPier 20
Newburg... j Grays Harbor j 4 pmjPier 10
January 15.
Umatilla Jpuget Sound Porta. Ill am|Pier 8
FROM SEATTLE.
Destination.
{ Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Ramona Skagway & Way Ports. |Jan. 10
Portland Seldovia & Way Ports, j Jan. 10
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports.'Jan. 13
Excelsior i Va!dex & Way Porta.. !Jan. 18
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. January 6.
Stmr Northland. Jamieson. 70 hours from
Astoria; bound south; put in to land passen
gers.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, 18 houra from
Mendocino, via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing. '
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. S3 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put In to land
passengers. .
Stmr Aurella. Erickson. 92 houra from Co
lumbia River.
Stmr Coronado, Llndquist, 5 days from
Grays Harbor. * ■■
Stmr Empire, Burtis, 93 houra from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Redondo. Ahlin, 79 hours from Port
land, via Astoria «8 hours.
Stmr Prentiss. Ahlstrom. 24 hours from
Eureka: Potat Richmond direct.
9tmr South Coast, Olsen. 16 hours from
Ca>par.
Stmr Francis H Leggett. Reiner, 24 hours
from Eureka; bound aouth; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 22 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Montara, Retlly, 98 hours from Se
at ßtmr Maggie. Whitney, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. - _ „
Bktn Gardiner City, Olsen, 18 days from
Grays Harbor.
Bktn Encore, Palmgren, 12 daya from WII
-lapa Harbor. _
Schr Onward, Anderson, 10 daya from Ban
*Bchr Wawona, Peaslcy. 17 daya from Bel
,ln 'Transit, m sf'hr Klintburn. 11 daya from
Grays Haibor.
Schr, Llzrle Prten. Hanson, 11 daya from
<\>qulllV River.
Schr Mlndora. Larsen. 12 days from Aatorla.
Schr J-nnle Griffin, Gibson, 3 hours from
E Falk, Hennlngaen. 10 daya from
Grays Harbor.
Schr G W Watson. Weitkunat. 11 daya from
E Smale. Wirachulelt, 80 daya
from Port Blakeley, via Clallam Bay 15 daya.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1005.
THE SANTA BARBARA
BRITISH STEAMSHIP CRUSADER.
MOW IN PORT WITH 0000 T«NS
OF COAX. FOR MOJI.
S-'rhr Ida A, Campbell. 4 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday. January 5.
Stmr Pomona. Swanron. Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nieolsun, San Pedro; Pacific
CoajFt Steamship Company.
Stmr Nebraskan. Weeden. Honolulu; Wil
liams. Dlmond & Co.
Stmr Queen. Cousins. Victoria, etc; Pacific
Coan Steamship Company.
Ger stmr Anubls. Riemers. Hamburg, etcf
J D SDreckela & Bros Co.
Dutch ship Europa. Bcna, London; Geo W
McNear. N
Fr bark Marechal de Vlllars, Rioual, Mel
bourne; James and Alex Brown.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 5.
Stmr Argyll. Gtlboy, Portland and Van
couver.
Ger stmr Amasls, Jan sen. Victoria.
Stmr Maggie. W hitr.ey. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr State of California. Thomas. San Diego
and way ports.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Queen. Cousins, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart. San Pedro.
Stmr Pasadena, Hendrlcksen, Eureka,
w Stmr Pom-jna, Swanson. Eureka.
Slir.r W H Kruger. Nordberg, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Francis H Leggett. Reiner, San Pedro.
Stmr Northland. Jamleson, San Pedro.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson. Mendocino.
Stmr Porno. Relnertsen. Point Arena and
Albion.
Fr bark Rene, Mace, Sydney.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodeea.
Sehr J M Weatherwax. Zenthen. Astoria.
Tug Sea King. Rasmussen, Port Harford,
with barge Santa Paula In tow.
Barge Santa Paula. Pllle, Port Harford, In
tow of tug Sea King.
SPOKEN.
Dec 31— Let 24 17 N. long 74 17 TV, etmr
Seguranca. from New York, for Colon.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 6, 10 p m—Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CAPE MENDOCINO—Passed Jan 4. 10 mllei
off—Stmr* North Fork, with stmr Lakme in
tow. from Eureka, for San Franciaco.
S (CATTLE—Arrived Jan 6—Stmr Dolphin.
1 from Skagway. Jan 4—Bktn Gleaner, hence
| Dec 2S.
POINT REYES—Paased Jan o—l a m. stmr
Bee. from Portland, for San Pedro; 9 am.
' stmr Francis H Lergett. from Eureka, for
I San Pedro; stmr Rosecrans, from Portland,
Ore, for Monterey.
BELLING HAM — Arrived Jan 5— Stmr
Rainier, hence Dec 31.
SANTA BARBARA—Arrived Jan s—Stmr
! .Santa Rosa, from San Diego, and sailed for
I San Francisco.
ASTORIA—SaiIed Jan Br bark Dunreg
[ gan. for Durban; Ger stmr Arabia, for Yokc
[ hama.
Arrived Jan s—Schr Borealls, hence Dec 20.
TATOOSH—Passed out Jan s—Br bark
Strathdon. from Port Townaend, for Mel
bourne.
REDONDO —Bailed Jan 6—Stmr Robert
Dollar, for San Franciaco.
PORT LOS ANGELES —Arrived Jan 6—Stmr
Alcazar, from San Pedro.
( MONTEREY—Arrived Jan s—Schr Mon
terey, hence Jan 4. in tow of tug Dauntless.
Sailed Jan s—Schr Monterey, for San Fran
cisco in tow of tug Dauntless.
SOUTH BEND—Sailed Jan s—Schr Alpha,
for San Pedro.
WlNSLOW—Arrived Jan s—Schr Lyman D
Foster, hence Dec 28.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANlLA—Arrived Dec 18— Br stmr St Bede,
from Shanghai.
HONOLULU—Arrived Jan s—Ship Marion
Chilcott. from Monterey.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 4—Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PUNTA ARENAS—Arrived Dec 13—Ger
stmr Hathor, hence Sept 18, for Hamburg.
ANTON—Arrived Dec 26—Stmr San Juan,
hence Dec 2.
AUCKLAND—Arrived Dec IS—Br ship
Peri from Manila.
CALISTA BUENA—Arrived Dec 16—Br ship
Elginshire, from Iqulque.
COR INTO—Arrived prior to Dec 29—Stmr
Barracouta, from Acapulco.
HONGKONG —Arrived Jan 4—Ger stmr
Nicomedla. from Astoria.
VALPARAISO —Sailed Jan 4—Br stmr
Thornhlll. for New York.
PORT SAlD—Sailed Jan I—Ger stmr Bel
la bia, for Boston.
ROTTERDAM—SaiIed Jan 2—Fr bark Ven
dee for Sen Francisco.
SYDNEY—SaiIed Drlor to Jan 4—Fr bark
Anjou, for —■—.
Arrived off the Heads prior to Jan s—Br
ship Mayfleld, hence Nov 12; received orders
and proceeded.
LEITH—In port Dec 18 —F ship Leon Bu
reau, for San Francisco, via Tyne.
MONTEVIDEO —Sailed Dec 17—Br stmr
Oruba. for Valparaiso.
YOKOHAMA—Arrived prior to Jan 4—Jap
stmr Iyo Mam, from Seattle.
Arrived Jan 4 and previously—Stmr Gaelic,
from San Franciaco, via Honolulu, for Hong
kong; stmr Tartar, from Vancouver, for Hong
kong. _
JAPANESE PORT—Arrived prior to Jan 5—
Stmr Altec, hence Nov 27.
MELBOURNE —Arrived Jan B—Br bark
Mennock, from Caleta Buena.
VICTORIA —Arrived Jan 6—Ja» stmr Kana
gawa Mara, from Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
XEW YORK—Arrived Jan B—Stmr Casael.
from Bremen; itmr Graf Waldersee, from
Hamburg; stmr Masaba. from London. .
Arrived Jan B—Stmr Prlna Adalbert, from
Genoa Palermo. Nanlee and Gibraltar.
Sailed Jan 6—Stmr La Champalgne, for
Havre; Smr Numidlan. for Glasgow.
LONDON—Arrived Jan 6—Stmr Menominee,
from New York.
GLASGOW —Arrived .Tan 4—Stmr Hunga
rian, from Portland, Ma.
HAVRE —Arrived Jan 4—Stmr La Savole,
from New York.
Weather Report.
(12Cth Meridian, Pacific Time).
SAX FRANCISCO, Jan. 5—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures ?»re reported for the previous day:
Poston 16-14 New Orleans 56-42
Chicago 26-22 Philadelphia 24-12
Cincinnati 26-12 Pittsburg 24-16
Honotulu. H. 1...74-64 St. Louis 32-28
Jacksonville »6-32 Washington 22-12
New York IS-12
SAN FRANCISCO 50-44
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and the rainfall In the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Statvns — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 17.37 18.53
Red Bluff 00 14.75 12.60
Bs Taiwan to oo 8.78 4.73
Sa;i Francisco 00 11.18 6.20
I Fresno 00 6.18 .92
] Independence 00 .45 .42
j San Luis Obispo 00 5.47 . 82
; Lot- Angeles 00 3.56 .43
San Diego 00 2.59 .42
THE COAST RECORD.
g SS K O 2 _M
5 $5 5j si' 3 1
e »S. »— S 5 S 8
STATIONS. 8 3333 3= So I
» S3 g 9 i 3 ? I
r I 1 : § i
____________ • ■ a •
Baker 30.52 28 12 SE Clear
'-"arson SO.38 40 20 E Cloudy .00
Kureka 30.12 54 40 W Cloudv .00
Fresno 30.20 10 86 g\V Cloudy .00
h. E Farallon.80.10 53 46 E Cloudy .00 .
Flagstaff 30.22 44 12 S near .00
Pocatello 30.54 32 12 W Clear .00
Independence .30.26 54 28 SE Cloudy .00
Imb Angeles. ..30.10 72 48 NE Cloudy .00
Mt. Tainalpals30.18 50 84 E Cloudv 00
North Head . .30.28 64 38 N Cloudy .00
Phoenix 30.10 68 82 W Pt.CIdy .00
Pt. Reyes Lt. .30.05 62 43 SE (Tloudy .00
Portland 30.26 44 84 NW Pt.CIdy .00
Red Bluff 30.18 56 36 8 Cloudy .00
Rcseburg 30.22 40 88 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.20 40 30 Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 30.44 32 20 SE Clear .00
San Franr;sco.30.18 50 44 SB Cloudy .00
S. I_ Obispo. .30.10 66 38 8 Cloudy .00
San Diego 30.06 72 48 W Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.40 46 32 N Clear .00
Spokane 30.50 36 24 W Pt.CIdy .00
Tatoosh 30.34 46 40 E Pt.CIdy .04
Walla Walla..30.44 42 28 8W Clear .00
Winnemucoa ..30.42 42 18 NE Clear .00
Tuma 30.10 70 42 N Pt.CIdy .00
STATIONS.
_
i-i- o
l» —
«e -
It 3 3
e
9
1
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL :
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over California, with !
rule fog- in the great valleya.
The pressure is falling slowly along the
Oregon coast.
Warm weather continues in Southern Call- :
fornia. with afternoon temperatures of about
70 degrees.
Forecast made at San Franciaco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. January 6:
California, north of Tebachapi—Cloudy, un
settled weather Friday: possibly showers on
the northern coast; fresh southeast winds.
California, south of Tehachapi—Cloudy, un- '
settled weath.?r Friday: light east winds. '
Nevada—Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy, unsettled
weather Friday; possibly showers by night;
fresh southeast winds. v
Loa Angeles and vicinity—Cloudy, unsettled
weather Friday: fresh east winds.
Sacramento —Cloudy, threatening weather
Frldav; fresh southeast winds.
Friday, with fog: fresh south
winds. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
•r * !
QL'EENSTOWN—SaiIed Jan s—Stmr Ma- :
Jestic from Liverpool, New York.
f'HEßßOl'RG—Sailed Jars s—Stmr5 —Stmr Kron
prlnz Wllhelm, from Bremen and Southamp
ton, for New York .
'Memoranda.
Per bktn Aurora, from Blame Jan 4—DA
28 had a very heavy gale from SSE. 200 miles
west of Cape Blanco bar down to lat 28 85 N;
no damage done to vessel.
IjONDON, Jan 4—Liverpool salvage is ca
bled; Br stmr Menantlc. from New York, previ
ously reported ashore near Coronel. rough sea
prevents reaching vessel, which is breaking up
and w'!l he a total loss; cargo under water;
saving cargo will depend on weather; little
prospect of salvaee.
TACOMA. Jan s—Tugss—Tugs succeeded in float- .
ing stmr Tacoma. previously reported aground
near West Point lighthouse, this morning;
cargo discharged yesterday Is being restowed:
tt Is thought vessel Is uninjured and will sail .
to-night for Shanghai.
SEATTLE. Jan s—Stmr Tacoma. floated to
day anchored here, will sal) Jan Cam.
BELLINGHAM. Jsn s—Bark S D Carleton.
previously reported on beach here, lies in about
the same position; tugs thus far have been
unable to get her off.
Files Charge Against Policeman.
Attorney John T. Carroll filed a
charge yesterday afternoon with the
Board of Police Commissioners against
Policeman Frederick A. Daurenheim.
accusing him of being intoxicated and
insulting him. Carroll says he went
into a saloon about 1 o'clock yester
day afternoon on the corner of Dun
bar alley and Merchant street look
ing for another attorney. Dauren
heim, who was there in citizen's dress,
made an offensive remark and when
Carroll told him to attend to his own
business he showed his star and grab
bed hold of Carroll, beginning to.
search his pockets, and declaring Car- !
roll a suspicious character. Carroll
was taken before Sergeant Moffitt at
the Central Station and on giving his
name and address was allowed to go.
+: + i
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
THE NEW
GRAHAM BISCUITS,
Made by the
MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
Free With Every Small Ad la
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
CLUNIE ACCUSES
TWO EXECUTORS.
Objections to Account Are
Full of Charges of Mal
administration of Estate
INVESTIGATION BEGINS
.
Allegations Read in Court
and B. G. \Vhite Submits
to Kigorous Examination
Sensational r bjections to tbe aecourt
| ing of E. A. liridgford and Burrell G.
! White for their administration of the
million-dollar estate of the late Thomas
!J. Clunie were read in Judge Coffey's
court yesterday by Andrew J. Clunie.
' the third executor and brother 'of
the deceased. The written objections
bristled with the words "looting,"
; "misappropriation," "grossly false" and
| "illegal." and in the course of a search
ing examination of White, which was
unfinished at the end of the afternoon,
Mr. Clunie added "conspiracy" to his
; list of charges against the two txec
j utors.
! Bridgford and White were both in
: court and were represented in the pro-
I ceedings by Hudson Grant, former
! Juda;e at Woodland, whose employment
as attorney by the executors is one of
the chief grounds of Clunie's attack
1 upon the account. D. M. Delmas was
! also present, but his interest is in a
matter that will be taken up later—
that or his fee as attorney for the es
tate. In the examination of White
some of the questions were not gone
j into because of the absence of certain
receipts arid documents that he will be
required to produce in court on next
: Monday afternoon.
t'lunie especially excepts to certain
; items of receipts and moneys on deposit
that Mill be investigated when the rec
, ords are produced. These include
the distribution to Florence Clunie ol
$40.325 received from Andrew Clunie on
I the settlement of her contest. Andrew
jJ. Clunie says this was never paid to
j the executors as such, but was the
property of Florence Clunie, held by
I the trustees.
DISCREPANCY EXPLAINED.
An exception was made to the report
Of the sale of personal property for
$12,862 SO,-when the arriount was really
$19,480. White admitted that there was
a mistake in the entry, but said it was
explained by another entry for the sale
of sugar stock, whi< h covered the dis
crepancy. Objection was made to a
charge for the keep of a horse which,
Clunie said, was used by White "for
his private amusement and con
venience." White hotly denied this,
and at this point declared that the ob
jections were "blasphemous and out
rageous," and that he did not want a
day to pass without a full investiga
tion.
Exception was also taken to the pay
ment ot $150,000 to Mrs. Clunie under a
decree #f partial distribution on Feb
ruary 5 last, on the ground that "no
such decree was ever made and no such
payments could have been legally
made."
In examining White on the settle
ment of Mrs. Clunie's contest. Andrew
J. Clunie asked him if he had selected
John R. Wilson as Mrs. Clunie's attor
ney. He replied that he had only men
tioned him in connection with getting
an allowance for Mrs. Clunie. Clunie
brought out that White and Wilson
were warm friends, and then asked
why White had not employed him as
his own attorney. White declined to
answer, and Judge Coffey sustained his
objection, whereupon Clunie remarked
that he wanted to show that White
brought about all the trouble with Mrs.
Ciunie and sent attorneys to her.
Pursuing the same line he attempted
to go into the relationship between
White and Bridgford for the purpose,
he said, of showing a "conspiracy to
vote away the money of this estate."
White was very close to General Clunie
and attended to all his business. He
was present when the will was made
and read the items to the testator. This
led to a line of questioning upon
White's construction of a clause in the
will appointing three attorneys as
executors and instructing that the
three should choose one/of their num
ber to act as attorney ia the adminis
tration.
HIRED ATTORNEYS.
White said that he and Bridgford at
first thought that much legal service
would not be necessary in the adminis
tration, but upon Clunie's assertion
that there would be a contest of the
will they concluded to get assistance.
Bridgford wanted Hudson Grant to rep
resent him and White wanted W. H.
Robinson. Both were employed, Grant
preparing nearly all the papers in the
estate and Robinson passing on them
for White. A few weeks ago it was
agreed that Grant should have $8000
for his services and Robinson $2000.
These amounts were paid and Clunie's
objection thereto says: "It was wholly
unwarranted by law; paid without
services having been rendered in return
and paid and accepted with the full
knowledge that the payment constitut
ed a looting of the estate and a mis
appropriation of the money." Clunie
declared that the services were not
worth $500 and that the payments were
net for the attorneys, but were to be
shared by the executors. Questioning
White on this point and in regard to
the checks which were cashed at the
Western National Bank, of which
Bridgford is a director, Clunie said he
would demand an inspection of Grant's
private account at that bank.
It was further charged that the law
yers were paid out of the receipts from
the sale of personal property, permis
sion to sell which had been obtained
by representing that there were no
funds from which to pay legacies.
White admitted that the money was
so paid, and that he had told some one
that he had no funds to pay legacies.
Clunie also objected to an item of
$2500 "in the hands of E. A. Bridg
ford," and charged that it had been
paid as an advance on commissions,
contrary to the rule of the court. White
would not swear that this was or was
not true, but said there was an un
derstanding that the money would be
repaid. Clunie declared that there
should be no commissions, because
there was no labor in administering the
estate and "upon the grounds that the
executors have willfully misappropriat
ed the property of the estate."
Clunie said that D. M. Delmas was
employed as attorney for the estate,
according to the report, but he be
lieved he was employed by Bridgford
because the latter waa fearful of losing
his position as trustee.
Says Blasting Causes Earthquakes.
John F. English sent a letter to the
Supervisors yesterday stating that he
has been informed that the recent
earthquake shocks are really caused
by the blacting operations on the
Southern Pacific bay shore line.
English suggests that the blasting be
done in the daytime, so people can
sleep at night. -
LIGHTS FOR SOME STREETS. —The Su
pervisors' Light Committee yesterday directed
Gaa Inspector Tupper tc arrange to have a
number of street lights in various portions of
the city.
LEE ASSERTS
HIS INNOCENCE
Denies He Passed a Raised
Bill Upon Mrs. Vallade to |
Pay for the Macaroni
SHE SWEARS 'TWAS HE
Prosecution Oifers to Prove
Defendant Was Once Ar-;
i
rested on Forgery Charge
Much contradictory testimony was
given yesterday before United States
Commissioner Heacock in the prelim
inary examination of Le Roy Lee,
charged with passing a $1 silver cer
tificate raised to $10 on Mrs. A. J. Val
lade. proprietor of a delicatessen store
at 114>_ Sixth street, on December 26.
Mrs. Vallade and her daughter Grace
positively Identified Lee as the man
who had passed the raised note. They
said he had been In the store several
times before that and had bought sev
eral articles.
Miss Grace Vallade told the court
that at 5 o'clock on the afternoon of
the 26th Lee and his wife came in and
bought 5 cents' worth of potato salad,
for which he paid with a 50-cent piece.
Lloyd Lee. their 12-year-old son, was
no-t with them. In fact Miss Grace and
her mother were positive that they had
never seen the boy until he appeared ir.
the courtroom. At half-past 6 o'clock
Lee had returned alone and bought of
Miss Grace 10 cents' worth of macaroni
cakes, giving her the bad 810 bill.
On the evening c-f the 28th she saw
him pass the store, and she and the
dishwasher followed htm until they saw
him go into 934 Howard street, where
he roomed. They then Informed Po
liceman T. B. Riordan, who. arrested
Lee.
Lee and his wife swore that they.
\« Hh the boy, bought two mince pies
and pome doughnuts on the occasion
reterred to and that Lee paid with a
$5 bill, which bill was genuine. This
bill Mrs. Vallade admitted having re
ceived but at an earlier date than the
one testified to. The boy. Lloyd Lee,
12 years old. swore that he saw his
lather give a $5 bill. In answer to a
question by Judge Heacock the boy
said he had not spoken with his
parents at all about the affair.
Judge Heacock remarked that there
was much contradictory testimony in
the case and that it came from the de
fendant and his family. "Under the
well known rules of law," he said,
"such testimony is to be received, if at
all. with very great caution."
W. D. Redington, wholesale druggist.
A. H. Vail of Sanborn & Vail and
Richard de Lancie. Deputy United
States Marshal, testified to Leo's good
reputation.
United States Secret Service Agent
George W. Hazen and Assistant United
States Attorney Charles M. Fickert
said they would prove by Police De
tective Gibson that he had arrested
Lee five years ago on a charge of
forgery. The hearing was thereupon
continued until 2 o'clock this after
noon in order that the detective might
be present and testify.
Joco and Jack.
They try ballooning; and create a sen
sation. In Next Sunday's Call—Comic
Section.
TWO SOCIETIES INSTALL
OFFICERS FOR THE TERM
National Union and Independent For
esters Have New Leaders, Dance
Following the Ceremony.
i Installations in fraternal societies
' are in order at this time. During the
current week California Council No.
530 of the National Union had its of
ficers for the term installed in public
in Native Sons' Hall in the presence of
a very large audience. The new offi
cers are: D. Burns, president; W. C.
M. Brodrick, vice president; C. Ben
dell, ex-president; E. C. Ker, speaker;
W. M. Sperbeck, chaplain; Charles H.
Van Orden recording, and J. B. Stov
all financial, secretary; F. Schumach
er, treasurer; J. R. McGuffick, usher;
W. R. Dreisbach, sergeant at arms; J.
E. Ludwig, doorkeeper; P. A. Doane,
A. Geiger and G. R. Hubbell, trustees.
The installing officer was E. H.
Hills, past president of the cabinet of
the order, assisted by Dr. E. W. Coup
! er, chaplain of Mission Council, as
usher. The ceremony was followed
by a very interesting address along the
lines of fraternal protection as carried
out by the National Union, delivered
by Joseph A. Wilson, general deputy
for California. After that there was
dancing for two hours, under the floor
managership of W. C. M. Brodrick.
assisted by A. A. Bans, H. A. Berg
mann. Matthew McGuire. J. R. Mc-
Gufflck and W. M. Sperbeck.
The officers of Courts Southern
Heights, San Francisco and Acacia, of
the Independent Order of Foresters,
were installed in public in the Laurel
Hall of the Shiels building. There
were many who witnessed the induc
tion of the officers of the three courts
by William Stewart, president of the
San Francisco Board of Deputies, as
sisted by E. E. Northrup, conductor,
a number of the members of the
board acting as high officers. The new
officers' names follow:
For Southern Heights—John B. Switrer,
court deputy; Dr. Herrington, physician; Dee
A. Lewis, junior past chief ranger; H. M.
Kelly, chief ranger; Percy Woodhouse. vice
chief ranger: J. W. Hamilton recording, and
W. Stewart financial, secretary; Thomas
Strahan. treasurer; Chester A. Smith, orator;
G. F. Damon, organist; Samuel Hamilton. R.
L Kintoul, woodwards; Alex Watson 'and
James F. Reld, beadles; Fred Head and T. H.
Morrison, trustees.
For Court San Francisco—W. H. Adair,
court deputy; Dr. F. W. Harris, physician;
W. J. Rodzers, chief ranger; O. H. Walker,
vice chief ranger; J. H. Mahan recording,
and E. H. Seymour financial, secretary: C. F.
Stewart, treasurer; J. AY. Hudson, orator; M.
I. Glass and T. J. Desmond, woodwards; M. C.
Aroa and O. C Miller beadles.
For Court Acacia—E. S. Lemme, court dep
uty: Dr. J. C. Stlnaon. physician; K. H. How
el!, past chief ranger: O. K. Brown, chief
rarurer; Oeorre A. Glelow. vice chief ranger:
W. E. Busse recording, and W. L. Mecum
financial, secretary; G*orge W. Salmon, treas
urer; L, B. Davis, orator; A. B. Swan, organ
ist: J. L. HUdreth. R- H. Munro, woodwards:
J. R. Week, beadle; O. K. Brown. A. N. Dan
iels and J. S. Williams, trustees.
After the Installation, High Chief
Ranger G. Q. Stewart, presented a
beautiful emblematic badge on be
half of the court to retiring Past Chief
Ranger Dow. of Court Southern
Heights. This was followed by
speeches for the good of the order,
and dancing for two hours.
Considers Horseshoeing Bids.
The Supervisors' joint Committee on
j Health, Electricity and Police yester
day considered the bids filed for the
shoeing of the horses of various city
departments. The different bidders
addressed the committee in support
of their ability to do the work. The
bidders who are members of the Mas
ter Horseshoers' Association all bid
12 60 per horse and $ 1 50 for rubber
pads, claiming that the prices were
fair if the best work is desired. Ed
Toy. who is not a member of the asso
ciation, was the lowest bidder, at $2 25
for shoeing a horse and ft 25 for the
pads. The committee took the matter
i under advisement
GARBAGE MEN
STILL IDLE
Mayor Schmitz Will Make an
| Effort to Settle Strike
at the Reduction Works
RESIDENTS INDIGNANT
Refuse Is Piled Up on Va
cant Lots by Oraer of
the City's Chief Executive
The big garbage crematory at the
foot of Eighth street looks like a de
serted fortress now. The huge piles
of garbage surrounding the place
makefit appear even more suggestive,
and the passerby who is ignorant of
ihe fact that a strike ia in progress
would suppose that these heaps of
rubbish were the breastworks of some
besieged army.
The people of the neighborhood are
up in arms against the city officials for
allowing the garbage to be dumped
near the crematory. But yesterday
they discovered there was no redress,
for the Mayor has granted the scaven
gers permission to dump the refuse
on adjoining vacant lots till the strike
has been settled.
A delegation of the men employed
in the crematory yesterday waited
vainly for Mayor Schmitz to tell him
their troubles. The Mayor will hear
the tales of woe of the men and the
officials of the crematory to-day and
bus already undertaken to straighten
out the trouble.
There was no riot at the crematory
yesterday. A squad of patrolmen par
aded up and down In the vicinity of
the place to keep order. Many of the
strikers were on hand to see what
would happen, but they behaved them
sehrSs and casually looked on, while
wagon after wagon drove up and
dumped its contents on adjoining lots.
The men say they will not go back
till the time clock is done away with.
They have taken a dislike to this piece
of modern machinery and vow they
WW have nothing to do with it. They
also want extra pay for overtime. The
off Vials Bay the demands of the men
will not be granted and that their
Pisces will be filled within the next
U w days.
In the meantime the garbage is fast
piling up in the vacant lots near the
crematory and residents of the district
are wrought up over the nuisance.
The foul smelling garbage is a menace
to the community and unless some
thing is done within the next fqrty
eight hours there is likely to be
trouble.
There are about twenty green hands
at present at work in the crematory.
These men cannot begin to handle half
the stuff that comes in, and, as the
scavengers insist on making quick
time, they simply dump the refuse In
some convenient place and hurry on
their way amid the abuse hurled at
them by the indignant residents of the*
district.
Water Company Files Statement.
The Spring Valley Water Company
yesterday filed with the Supervisors a
statement of its properties and works
now in use for supplying water to the
city. The statement is a voluminous
one, and give 3 a detailed statement
of its properties in San Mateo, San
Francisco and Alameda counties, to
gether with a list of water rights and
rights of way purchased on the Ala
meda Creek system.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
Heat your
office at*
once
This weather causes pneu
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your stenographer, book
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value?
We can warm any office,
store or house quickly
and economically with
GAS
Phone Exchange 8 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
THE gftS BBS
415 Post St.
i)visit DR. JORDAN'S •meat*
JIUSEUI OF ANATOMY^
A Cm 1551XASBT If. tot ftlftfla. 1.7 (U. f)
\ fT Tha Uritu Aaatsssiasl MaMHS la 'k. \
A m^mfj mmt wwld. Wwnm. ar aay ■■■!»»m< Q
■L {hH dlimsc pvaftlvslg tmrm* ir tha .Idas: T
• (Mil *pe<*att« m ik. Ctat lit j* jmm*. #
$ #Bt?4 SR ' JMOAN-.IgiAJES OF MEM 6
\ WWmWm Cot-Mltsdoa thtm sad Wri-By prfimto. \
4 I BWI Twnwt MMl T"* b» '«"«' A §
\ m Wyiw ' WMV " Om» i« <*** \
Alf 81 writ. f« Ms, nii.«Niara< «r i
Il " ■C*fiTr l> rr ? M " LU VMMa \
«4flPM*j MENANDWOMEK.
Use Big • for anaatarai
AmvkfX bite. *»i> m M discharges.! nflaiumatlc-M,
MmW ftimiS I irtitatisas »r oleeratioa*
(•I 34* «• Mrtotar*. of Bocoll BJ*»rir»n«a.
■T> dj Trmmm r«iu«u Psid.m*. and sot astrl*.
MgatTHl ElMBCataaatCe. gsnt or poisonoas
\ftm OHK4MiTI,(MBB *•'** Draavtata,
Lit, AWm ar asnt in »la)a wrinjl,
umTSk by .xsrsss. prs»ald. fat
»i 00. or s t*>tu— «.r».
■ C'rcular tact «• faaoeajfc
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strangth to sexual organs. Depot. 328 Market.
1112
FREE—A BOX 0T THE NEW Q RAH AH BISCUITS, HADE BY THE
Tfffi^GAJjL
JOHN D. . . ■
Address Communications to
JOHN McNAUGHT LZ^^?^
'W. MARMN. ... Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect You with the Department \ou Wish.
Publication Office... .Market and Third, 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier, M Cta Per Week, 75
(is. Per Month. Single Copies 5 (ta
Terms by Mall Including Postage tCash Witn
Order):
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year. - -$8 "«
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 moe... 4.UU
DAILY CALL By Single Month
SUNDAY ( ALL, 1 Year
WEEKLY ( ALL. 1 Year •• • • • ■ LOT
FOREIGN 1 Daily.. -$8.80 Per Year Ex ra
FOREIGN I Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE, f weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested.
" Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OlS> ADDRESS in order to insure a
. prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest. •
OAKLAND OFFICB:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW YORK _ NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
Cnlotr Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGt) NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
. ' CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building.
• tLong Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT.
' C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1006 Market street, opposite Fifth; open *ntil
• 11 p. m. ..
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
0:30 p. m.
500 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. nj
-639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
818 i-arkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open v until 10 p. m.
lOC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
•Northeast corner Church and Duncan atreeta,
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
—— I—■ ——-c—
IFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. _ —
T Masonic Temple—Stated assem- (jSp
fefy THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, (BSj
7-30 Oder of the Temple. "
CHARLES M. PM'M, Commander.
L. A. LARSEN, Recorder pro tern
PACIFIC Lodge No! lift F. and A. M. a
Stated matins THIS EVENING, >%fyr
7:30 p. m. „ *Ti
. GEORGE PENLINOTON. Sec.
' A-POLUrLodg7 No. 123. I. O. O.
' ' * Insolation of officers-elect j^HHHj
i HENRY NEW BERG. P. G «P
• \ of Hay City !>odgc No. ,1. I. O.
.o. F.; District Dowuty
'District No. 55, THIS . FRII '-^ n E \^ l ££:
Jam.arv <!. 1806, Memorial Hall. Odd Fe
low- building, at 8 o clock A full
' attendance of Apollo's membersls"
• , lU ested. Visitir.g brethren invited.
ARTHUR BEHREND, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS, Rec. Sec.
• CALIFORNIA lyxige No. 1. K. ot
. . r. meets THIS (FRIDAY) at »
o'clock. Pioneer building, 24 Pourtli Afiß£
«t Installation. Report of officers
°' * . for term. Surprise for members.
V isitors cordially & Q
»'.• R. N. McLENNAN. —. of R. and S.
GOLDEN GATE Harbor N"'^-__
to \ v ■_^F|l^B^ B __
4t __C__BB_B- B^^
Installation of officers FRI -J—mj^W 9^^
DAY. January 6. S p. ni
Social and smoker, with re-1
freshments. P. N. STOFEN, Captain.
J. T. JONES. Captain's Clerk.
.-. BAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18, _d)_ff(<%___
X O I M. Review THIS dES_^-'5H_
(FRIDAY) EVENING at s KZ| <fi KM
o'clock. Pioneer Hall, 24 wXS
D.
' " REGULAR meeting of the Cale- v
donian i Hub this evening at $V JJiTtf
S. o'clock, Scottish Hall. 117 Lar-
kin st. D. D. McRAE, Chief.
■ JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting (annual)—To the
stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship Com
.pany: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Oceanic
Steamship Company will be held at the
principal office of the comoany (1. c.. 327
. . Market st., room 4, second floor). In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Oall
■ _ fornia. on SATURDAY, the 21st day of
January. A. D., 1005, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing directors and for
the transaction of such other business as
may properly come before the meeting. The
stock transfer books of the company will be
dosed ten (10) days prior to said day of
meeting. By order of the beard of director.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Oceanic
Steamship Company, 3?7 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal.
San Francisco. January 5. 1905.
THE California Debris Commission, having re
• ' celved applications to mine by hydraulic pro
cess from Wing Kre. in American Hydraulic
mine, near Port Wine, Sierra County. Cal..
draining into Morrlstown Ravine, thence into
.•' Yuba River; from Jerry Curtis, in Forest
Grove mine, near Johnsville. Plumas County,
Cal.. draining into East Nelson Creek, which
reaches Feather River; from North Star Min
ing Company, in Lancell Placer mine, near
Mokelumne Hill,* Calaveras County, Cal..
draining into Rich Gulch, which reaches
Calaveras River; and from J. A. Hartman,
In Clayton Ranch Ravine mine, near Forbes
town. Yuba Cgunty. Cal., draining into Dry
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no
tice that a meeting to receive any protests
will be held at room 6R Flood building.
San Francisco, Cal., Janfary 16, 1905 at
1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL MEETING—A special meeting of
the stockholders of the Pajaro Valley Con
solidated Railroad Company will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market street
San Francisco, nn TUESDAY, the 17th day
of January, 1905. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the rurpose of electing a board
. of directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. The transfer
hooks of the company will close on Friday
January 13. 1905. at 3 p. m. By order of
the president. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
.the Nevada National Bank of San Fran
cisco. Cal.. will be held at Its banking
house. 301 Montgomery st.. San Francisco,
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1905.
at 3:15 p. m., for the election of directors to
perve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10, 1904.
ANNUAL MEETING—The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
r-ompany will be held at the office of the
company, 126 Stockton st., at 12 o'clock
noon, on WEDNESDAY, the 11th day of
January. 1905. for the election of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE annua] meeting of the Golden Gate Kin
dergarten Association for the election of di
rectors will be held at 560 Union st on
MONDAY. January ie, at 10 a m.
VIRGINIA FITCH, President.
JESSEY DORR. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call,
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AUTOMOBILES,
AUTOMOBILE gasoline runabout for sale or
trr.de for city property; $700 cash. Box 3653
• Call office.
. J_X< HANGE —Handsome new mahogany grand
piano in exchange for standard make 1904
automobile. Box 3231, Call.
' WANTED—An automobile of good make and
must be In good condition. Box 3403, Call.
WANTED—To buy automobile for two persona.
Box 8397. Call.
I ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
I A FRAUDULENT divorce la dear at $12 and
Is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick, ?ulet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
made. O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market at.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-law. Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor; entrance room 611: established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA—-Divorce; costs $12; quick,quiet;advlce free;
all law business: no charge unless success
ful; open evenings. 927 Market st., room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no feea or
costs in advance; all law. business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
L 6. CLARK, 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
JOHN GUIDERY, attorney-at-law, rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery St.; phone Red 6617.
AOBNTS WAJTTED.
| SOLICITORS and agents wanted. Apply Meri
| den Light Co.. 137 Stockton st.
ASTHMA CUBS.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy rellevea instantly;
10c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas.
also W T lshart. 10th and Washington. Oakland
BjOAADrRJjrJTO^
WILL board child 2 to 12 years old In fine
country home; school accommodations. Call
or address 19 Powers court, Alameda
BUSINESS CHANCES.
BAKERY in lively town. 30 miles
from S. F.: rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses, 2 wagons: large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 264
Kearny st.
A—$800; OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29; good business;
owner must sell this place or his other
oyster and chop house on Montgomery » y e.:
price $450; rent $16; come investigate and
take your, choice. R. G. WILKE, 26 V 4
Kearny at.
A—s6so: SALOON on 4th st., close to Market;
a good business, worth at least $1000. Par
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; shuffleboard; place estab
lished many years: best location on San Ma
teo road Call R. G. WILKE, 26',-j Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California St.;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call It. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—SI2OO;~?RUIT and produce stand in leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'. a Kearny.
X—$800; RESTAURANT and chophouse; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business: investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo: BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses wagons and buggy; one of the best
in this city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3so; WELL established real estate office in
Napa Co.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop: established 25 years; best
location. Particulars P.. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Bt.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKK, 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market: a very rare chance. Call On R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar: 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for sale in the best
mining town In the State of Nevada; daily
receipts $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic
ulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the beat In city:
monthly sales $6CCO; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s2soo; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room. bus. 2 horses,
cow. etc., and 7 acres oi land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s23so: COAL, wood, hay and grain busi
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best location;
a good cash business, gee R. G. WILKE,
Wfa Kearny st.
A—$800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 years and known as a good busl
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 2(3% Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s26oo; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R G.
AVILKE. 26% Kearny st.
GROCERY AND SALOON FOR SALE.
The undersigned executors of the estate of
Henry Kleen, deceased, offer for sale the re
tail grocery and saloon of said deceased,
located at the southwest corner of Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, San Francisco, compris
ing generally a complete stock of grocery
merchandise, wines, liquors, cigars and to
baccos, with safe, cash register, etc.
This is a rare opportunity to purchase an
old-established business. For information
respecting the same apply to John I). Helns
400 Folsom street, or Henry Bohls, 244-246
Fremont street. Sealed bids to be delivered
to G. Gunaendorfer. attorney for the estate
of said deceased. 325 Montgomery street, on
or before Saturday, January 7, 1905 at 2
P. m.
Lease of the premises can be obtained by
purchaser If desired.
DORETTE KLEEN. JOHN D HEINS
HENRY BOHLS. executors of estate of
HENRY KLEEN, deceased.
Dated January 4, 1905.
INVEBTORB—Tour attention is called to tha
stock of a corporation engaged in the manu
facture and sale of a hardware specialty
upon which a patent has been allowed, which
stock is for sale In amounts to suit. The ar
ticle is displacing other articles intended for
the =ame purpose now on the market on ac
count ot its simplicity, lightness and ease of
operation. A well known business man Is at
the head of the enterprise, and the profits
which can be made In the business will allow
a good income on the investment. Full par
ticulars at Sonntag's Patent Agency "14
Pine ft.; telephone Front 14. A rull investi
gation solicited.
a— nzz
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy 'or a
purchaser for what you have to sell
J. W. JAQI'ITH,
Removed James Flood building
Rooms 874, 876 and 878. «■»"
WANTED—Energetic and thoroughly reliable
man. with $4000 to $6000 to invest and take
management of already established extensive
paying business; salary $150 monthly as
manager besides his share of profits which
easily will be $300 to $400 monthly; must b»
able to give excellent references. For full
particulars see TONY LUBELSKI Fischer's
Theater. S. F„ or Tuesday evenings at Nov
elty Theater, Oakland, Cal.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT
917 Market St.. between Fifth and Sixth.
$r.oo— PARTNER for well paying
on Market st.; elegant fixtures; large stock;
must be sober and reliable man; no experi
ence required. See BROOKBANK.
$400—Partner wanted; established genteel busi
ness; no night or Sunday business; duties
light, will pay $100 month to each; no expe
rience required; trial allowed*untll satisfied
Apply MARIN INV. CO., 285 Kearny at.
WE are offering guaranteed Investment you can
not afford to miss; large or small. 904 Call Wd.
A PAYING coffee house and restaurant; $800
takes it if sold at once; good location: low
rent; owner going Into a larger place. Box
8244. Call office.
WANTED—Young man with some cash for
legitimate business that will stand investi
gation: no experience required. Box 1894
Call of floe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1905.
CH^HCB^-^caitinneca.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060.
8 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Here Is an opportunity of getting one of the
beat groceries and bars In city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
$1800 to $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAM
ERON ft CO. ,
Exchangee made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
One of the best fjrocery and liquor stores; been
established for 20 years; doing fine business;
clearing $300 to $500 per month; owner hae
made fortune and wishes to retire from busi
ness, good horse and wagon, with complete
stock, goes for $1800; fixtures worth price
asked; present owner •here 8 years.
For sale —First-class bazaar and cigar busi
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent:
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; fine new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON
ft CO.
For sale—Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; 69 rooms; rent only $160; ten-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through
out; about 80 mMes from S. F.; fine, grow
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON ft CO., 3 Eddy.
First-class saloon; downtown; two blocks from
Market St.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price. $1600. CAMERON
ft CO.
First-class short order restaurant, downtown:
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; fine opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell
ing. CAMERON ft CO.
For sale—First-class downtown cigar store;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.
MUST be sold; grocery business; flrst-clase
fixtures and stock; store at 2001 Fillmore st.
Excellent opportunity for any one wanting
to go into business.
FOR sale—Good saloon on water front, near
Market st.; will'be sold cheap on account of
sickness. Apply SIEBE BROS, ft PLACE
MAN N, 328 Sahsome st.
FOR sale—Good-paying dairy: well located and
equipped, With choice patronage; fine lot
mixed stock; cozy home; cheap lease. Box
B. Call office, San Jose.
$7500—GROCERY and bar (separate); promi
nent corner; Immense stock; fine teams, etc.;
long lease; established 20 years; owner to re
tire; no agents. Apply P. O. box 2228.
WE Incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle vi.listed securities: loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Elllcott Square,
Buffalo.
FOR sale —A grocery, doing very good busi
ness; all new goods; must be sold as owner
is going away. Address 6602 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland. jr
160 ACRES, partly improved, within 95 miles
of this city. $825. Standard Inv. Co.. 131
Montgomery st.
FOR sale—Half or whole Interest in a patent
revolving harrow which is in demand; in
vestigate this. Box 1590. Call office, Oakland.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
GOOD second-hand store for sale. For par
ticulars apply 617 Washington st.
FOR sale—Account departure, cheap; paint
shop, complete. 2880 O'Farrell: fruit store.
$450 —CIGAR store for sale; vicinity Ellis and
Powell. Box 3848. Call.
FOR sale—Good fruit store; leased. 1201
Golden Gate aye.
LOOKING for a grocery and baf? Inquire
728 Folsom st.; price right.
. MUSICIAN can find safe and highly profitable
investment for $200. Box 3213. Call.
FOR sale—Complete restaurant outfit; cheap.
Apply 242 Fourth st.
LIQUOR store and saloon: fine wine cellar; good
lease; good corner. 2898 16th, cor. Howard.
$125—RESTAURANT worth $300; must sell to
day account sickness. 238 Kearny st.
FOB. sale or to lease, small printing office.
Box 3541, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale. 181 Sixth at.
WANTED —To buy a delicatessen store; state
lowest price. Box 3298. Call.
WOULD like to purchase a cigar stand. Box
3097. Call.
$100 —GOOD business; man or woman. Box
3724, Call office.
LODGING-HOXTSES FOR SALE.
A—CAMERON ft CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
For sale, 4 years' lease and business of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding house,
swellest location :n city; full permanent, first
class people; on account of departure soon
opportunity is oriered to start in business for
the small investment of $500.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele
gantly furnished; has 80 light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a fine Income,
bu: sickness la o:iiy cause for being on the
market; good ohitnee for some one to get pay
ing investment at sacrifice.
Big snap; 31-room apartment house; rent
onlr $4 per room: well furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal
ance time; price, $950.
24 beautifully furnished rooms; new house;
new furniture; modem and up to date: com
pleted less than 2 months; close in; sudden
illness in family causes sole chance to get
brand new house aa cheap as old one. Owner
alck In bed; rare opporeunlty.
First-class investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 in 4ti
room Uous<e; tent only $123 per month; choice
location on Sutter st.; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter St.; beautifully
furnished; alwa.i- full: there are 80 rooms;
rent only $425: ohliged to leave city; will be
sold at half cost to furnish.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau
tiful building: olegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 16 minutes' walk
from Kearny St.; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
This is a fine opportunity for some one with
$1000 cash to get 26 rooms well furnished In
oak and cherry; everything In first-class shape
and clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; sleam heat; 60 light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls; drai/erles and fittings or tne best; where
you can have an exquisite home besides clear
ing $300 yer month above all expenses; close
In; cheap rent and long lease; this house Is
always lull of beat people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dis
pose next ten days; make offer.
One of the best 28-room transient houses In
city: fine corner; good location: newly fur
nished; fine condition, and If taken at once
can be got at a bargain; only requires $600
cash down, balance can be paid out of house.
Will clear $180 to $200 every month; has 2
years' lease; owner obliged to leave city.
Rare bargain can be got In a beautifully
furnished 100-room down town house, carpets,
furniture and draperies of the best; building
and furnishings less than 2 years; electric
elevator, lights, steam heat; everything mod
ern and up-to-date; cheap rent; owner- com
pelled to leave city on account of other busi
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exclusively.
» —
Here is a nice little home of 12 well fur
nished rooms; rent only $00: where you can
clear $50 per month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness aye.; only $850.
70-room country hotel; beat Interior town In
State; barroom, 2 dining rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition. ,
Beautifully furnished 6-room modern flat;
new 6 months ago; rent only $25: fine location;
over $900; to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice .80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment; modern and up to date: al
ways lull and clears $350 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
New, modern 8-room upper flat; choice loca
tion on Ellis; mahogany, blrdaeye maple fur
niture: Axminster and velvet carpets; coot
$2200 to furnish: will be soli at one-half coat
on account of buying larger house.
14-room house, furnished In oak and rnahog>
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE— -Con.
any; good carpets; first-class location: all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get It for 9600 cash.
16 rooms well located on Eddy St.; rent only
965: oak and cherry furniture; clears 975;
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
first-class condition; here is a fine home com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as you make It.
Rare chance to get choice 7-room flat; rent,
including garbage and Janitor service, 940 per
month: furnished in mahogany and oak; best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and cost
9800 to furnish; will sell for 9450 on account
of leaving .city.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern: can
be had for less than half coat to furnish;
must he sold, either account of sickness or
departure.
Have large llEt of real estate, hotels, room
ing houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy at.
REMOVED Jan. 1, 1905.
REMOVED.
MARION GRIFFIN
Has removed from the Hearst building to suite
801, near elevators,
JAMES FLOOD BUILDING,
Corner of Market and Powell sts., opposite
Emporium.
Free list of
HOTELS AND ROOMING-HOUSES.
of 68 rooms; 7
-88.
Fashionable room- year lease. In
, ing-house of 38 come $430 over
rooms, on Sutter rent. Modern
st. Furnishings building Price,
cost 96010. Every- $5700. Terms %
| thing Is cash.
' FIRST CLASS. See
All the roomers MARION
must give ac- GRIFFIN.
ceptable refer-
ences. House Is
full. Profit Is ex- 19.
actly $187 month- Draw $200 in gold
ly. Owing to im- out of the bank
mediate departure and let the bal
from city price Is ance of youi
$3500. money stay there
until you have
See given this 19
- room hou.se a
MARION thorough trial.
Price $1600, re-
GRIFFIN. duced
—to $1200—
— You pay $200
down and we
154. back you for a
Clean profit $396 thousand; house
monthly In a par- located In busl
tially furnished ness center, north
154-room house. of Market st. For
Price $7600; Ist this holiday snap
payment $2000.
See
See
■ MARION
MARION ■
GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN.
16.
24. THINK rapidly
Transient house. and act quickly
near Market st.; on this 10-room
clears $125 to $200 house; north of
monthly. The n»t Market In a quiet,
profit for 1904 up respectable nelgh
to Christmas was borhood.
exactly $1506. —Rent $30—
owner desires to Price put down to
leave S. F. at —$500—
once. For $500 Terms. % cash
first payment will and $10 monthly.
put you in pos-
session. See
See MARION
MARION GRIFFIN,
GRIFFIN. Suite 801.
JAMES FLOOD
86. Building.
READER, see No.
85. IF YOU ARE Cor. Market and
AMBITIOUS to Powell.
MAKE MONEY
take a little time
and examine this 9.
grand corner CORNER house, 9
house of 85 room? looms, for $330:
large, airy and on Sutter st.
most beautifully —RENT $45 —
sunny rooms. All INCOME
well furnished and $f<i> monthly,
full of roomers; All large rooms;
rent $4 50 per all sunny rooms;
room; 4-yea- new furnishings,
lease; owner out —Cost $741—
of city; make Will show the bills
your own offer to THIS Is a
SNAP
MARION for the
Glad NEW YEAR
GRIFFIN, Owner Is away.
House runs Itself.
Suite 801. No work.
The roomers
JAMES FLOOD are high class.
Building. MARION
Cor. Market and GRIFFIN.
Powell.
Suite 801.
JAMES FLOOD
100.
E L E G A NTLY Building.
furnished house of
100 rooms; firs:- Cor. Market and
class; right down- Powell.
town; very desir-
able location;
long lease: rea- 32.
sonable rental; Bargain hunters
clears a large stop howling
amount of money; about high prices
if you arc looking and let me show
ror a great busi- you my*" 32-room
ness proposition house on a prom
you have It In lnent corner; well
this house. Exclu- rurnlshed; abso
sively lutely respectable;
roomers all mem-
WITH of the
* "SMART SET."
MARION Lease if desired;
you'll find no
GRIFFIN, fault with the
Suite 801, price; it's almost
a zift. Get full
i JAMES FLOOD particulars of my
only r.gent.
Building.
MARION
Cor. Market and
Powell. GRIFFIN.
_ In the NEW
JAMES FLOOD
68.
Dependable house Building.
NEW FIRM—FISHER & CO.—NEW FIRM.
Successors to Mitchell & Co. In rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
FOR sale-Lodging and boarding house and 19
sunny rooms; electric lights; reasonable. 121
Drumm st.
10 ROOMS and bath, cheap; good lpcation; low
rent: income. Sl7 Post st.
Roomiasr-Houses and Hotels Tor Sal*.
H. C. DECKER 906 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 631.
SQUARE DEALING—CLEAR TITLES. j
Over 28 years selling houses in this city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the following bargains:
22 rooms: corner $1000 I
9-room flat 400
24 rooms; fine corner 1600
100 rooms; offices 8500
8 rooms: $200 cash 400
180 rooms; apartments 7500
80 rooms; corner 10,000
52 rooms; new; $2000 cash COCO
24 rooms; good house 850
21 rooms; on Powell st 850
20 rooms; transient 850
14 rooms; only $360 cash) 750
19 rooms; rent $75; only $260 cash "SO
24 rooms; ail light and sunny; rent $60. 1400
26 rooms; Market-st. snap 2500
25 rooms; up-to-date hotel; swell loca
tion 3200
10-room house; new furniture 600
27-room house on Post st » 2000
H C. DECKER, 90C Market st.. cor. Stockton.
100-ROOM HOUSE DOWNTOWN.
COST $14,000 TO FURNISH.
PRICE $5000. NOW SEE IT AT ONCE.
DECKER HAS IT FOR SALE.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us ar.d have It charged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon ilarche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CLAIRVOYANTS
I A— ETXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judee.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels.
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman ye*
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you. and how to < overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
. a distance think of you. and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st. —421A—Ellis st. ,
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
MME. LYNN. '
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic.
Special Reduction This Week.
Readings 50c. 50c 60c 50c 60c 50c 50c 50c 60c
Wonderful, bewildering is the work of Mme.
! Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
also reunites the separated; givea secret power
to control any cne in 21 days. Bhe tells your
full name and what you want to know. All
business strlctlv confidential.
239 Powell st., near Geary.
! Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
j MME. LANGE gives you advice by her gen
i vine Egyptian sympathy palmistry, splrlt
j uallsm and crystal readings; has the mag
netic mirror, the greatest secrets of the
world; tells by cards; shows the picture of
your future husband. Come and convince
I yourself; 50c and up. Hours. 10 to 8. and
Sundays. 38 Turk St., bet. Market and Taylor, j
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor- j
rectly. gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on 1
all affairs in life; never failed to give satis- i
faction; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner, i
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born '
with second sight; tells past, present, future; |
ladles, 50c; (tents by cards, fl; palmistry and
clalrvcyant sittings. $1 50. 303 Jones.nr.lfddy.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
20% Kearny st
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes
day evening. 0 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WTI.LE, 310 Ellis St.. clsirvoyanT
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted, clatr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, busincs-s, etc.: L.-50c,
j G. 91; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
A —MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known
trance medium; readings daily, 10 to 5. 343
Geary st.
MME. KRONENBERG. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; when others fail try me; read
fnes 25c. 102% Sixth st.. nr. Mission.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. 222 Eddy St.; no sign.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladies, 25c;
gents. 50c. 545 Minna st.
MME. ELLA from New York, greatest card
reaffer In West; 25c and 50c. 1200 Market st.
MISS WARD. 120 ft Market st.. parlor 31. clair
voyant, glees nani's dates: take elevator. "
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. ICS 6th st..rooms 1-2
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st
SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium: 3868 17th
St.; readings 1 to 5; tel. Capp 856.
EARLE, Hotel Higgins. 235 O" Farrell st —
Seance Sunday; regards to all old friends.
REMOVED—MRS. LESTER to 878 Mission st. i
clr. Mon., Fri.. 8 p.m.. 10c; read, dally. BOc.fl.
MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seances Wed.,
Friday and Sunday eves., 50c. 328 Ellis st.
PROF. FRED EVANS noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
■ ! J i-i.!"?
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop: price* moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market at.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
j WHEN you become disgusted with your work
| fend for SPAULDING S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works.3ss-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40
WESTERN Caroet Cleaning Works 1809 Har
rison st.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225
MICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.—First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
COLLEOTIOK OPFICES.^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pac'.flc Collectldn Co.. 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5380.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. 93 60; fillings, 50c;
plates, 95; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c-; sliver, 36c; crowns, 92; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.2o4 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental jiarlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. 92 up; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved frOm Geary at.
to corner Sutter st. ar.d Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOW ELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunturst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button and buttonhole factory.llo Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A—THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatr.?y
schcol for university, law and <ued;cal ci i
ltges. begins Its twelfth year. We shall do
better work than before, and give general as
well as special courses. Our departments in
English literature, languages, mathemet;cs.
sciences, history, etc., are ex:el'.-mt. Two
of the best teachers In Callfov i : a are m
charge of English and cf mathematics. Com*
and be with us, we prepare you well. Refs.
Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Lay
and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journal-
Ism will be formed on January 3. 4 :md 5 at
2 p. m.. at 333 Phelan bldg.; terms very rea
sonable; Join these classes; tho Instruction" is '
■ excellent; rapid progress assured.
I E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col
j lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; 95 month; life scholarship
950; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines ana Engineering 24
Post st., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new. large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College. 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elec.. mjn.. mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 118 Fulton, pr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1883; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches. 95 mo.; 47 les
sons Benn Pitman ehorthand hotd any posi
tion; lndlv. inatruc. West. 8u5.C01..1281 Mkt.
c ■ —
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2126 Cali
fornia st.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3. 1906.
DESIGN; strength materials; graphic statics,
practical; helpful from start; evenings;
mail. 20 Hartford st.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
CTTJOATYOH-JC^^ontnlned.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2105 Golden Gate ay.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING —Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Height st.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market—Posl
tlons, shorthand, typing. bookkeeplngjjsB mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day snd
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.—Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES
A—JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; cRy or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY, 415 Stockton et.; tel. Bush 869.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411% CFarrcll; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE" and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeara
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
! EMPLOYMgyr WAirraP—T-MAIJBL
A—BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady; ex
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems; highest references; last position 6
years. Box 3691. Call office.
YOUNG French lady would like position aa
governess in private family to teach French
to children; does not speak English. E. T.,
229 Taylor st.
SWEDISH girl for general housework or cook
ing; good cook. Call at 228 Chapultepec st..
off Mission, near Twenty-ninth.
A GIRL wishes to do upstairs work and care
ot 1 or 2 children; wages $18 month. 525
' Shotwell st.
. WANTED—By middle-aged woman, position
as cook and housekeeper. Address KATIE
SMITH, Johnson House. Watsonville, Cal.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation in
orphanage or institution- city or country.
Box 3:28, Call. •
ELDERLY woman would keep house for a
widower who has children. Please call 264
Pace St., above Franklin.
YOUNG Gorman girl would like situation In
private family. Address box 2169, Call
branch, 2200 Fillmore at.
POSITION wanted by a parlormaid and wait
ress; wages $30. Apply 126 Lily aye.. near
Gou_h st.
EXPERIENCED lady wishes position In first
class hotel as chambermaid. Box 3216, Call.
1 ——
YOUNG lady as office nurse In doctor's office.
Box 3561. Call.
FIRST-.CLASS cook wants a position. 217
Minna st.
HOTEL housekeeper or experience and ability,
accustomed to taking entire charge of the
housekeeping department in large, first-class
hotels, thoroughly competent, can give the
best of references from former employers, de
sires position in large hotel. Box 3467. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to find good home; will be
companion and give light service; is neat.
Intelligent and refined, but entirely deaf;
only those who know what they want need
answer. Box 3587, Call office.
A YOUNG Swedish girl would like a position
doin_ upstairs work and waiting on table;
wasea $28. Call at 832 Alabama st., bet.
Twentieth and Twenty-first sts.. between
th- hours of 11 a. m. and 3 p. m.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor on suits and
coats, shirtwaist suits; experienced and*only
first-class work made at home; engagements
p*r day. MISS BARSS. Sherman House. 28
Eighth st.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes position
in private family as upstairs girl. Call at 3T
Madison avenue., between Fifth and Sixth
sts. off Harrison.
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman, is a good cook
and will do washing: will go short distance
In country; wages $20 to $25. Address 1318
Hampshire tt., near Twenty-fifth.
A YOUNG lady desires position as stenograph
er; neat accurate and willing; experienced;
moderate salary to begin. Phone Church
7171.
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman to do
assistant housework, city or short distance In
country; will work for $6 per month. Ad
dress 1404 Mason st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, American, wishes
light housework: small family of adults:
country preferred. Address, Housekeeper, 1
Polk si.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. house
cleaning; $1 50 and carfare. Apply 1607
Howard st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker from Chicago
wishes to go out by the day. 1962 McAllis
ter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl would like to do general
housework or second work. Call 2386, Bry
ant st.. San Francisco.
COMPETENT Frtnch dressmaker wants en
gagements by the day: $2 per day. 1113
Sutter st.
A REFINED young German wishes position as
nursery governess or companion; referencea.
Box 3611 Call.
m — - i ,
WOMAN wants to take washing home: men's
underwear, blankets and curtains. 2685 Mis
sion St.. near Twenty-third.
COMPETENT youns lady bookkeeper, stenog
rapher and typewriter desires position. Box
3550. cut.
YOUNO la'Jy from the East, experienced as
nurse, wants place to attend an Invalid or
hospital; best references. Box 3672, Call.
A WoMAN with references desires to do •
washing or housework by the day; terms $1
and carfare. Box 3573, Call.
A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a situation
on a ranch. Apply 1105% Pacific st., between
9 and 12 a. m.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleaning, $1 60 and car fare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st. 1
A SWEDISH girl wishes position at general
housework, plain work or upstairs work; no
postals. 1183 Pacific. I
AS caretaker in the home; care of invalid or
moth-r's helper with grown children. House- ■
keeper. 390 Page St.; phone Page 2356. h
YOUNG, healthy Scotch girl wants position aa
wet nurse. 3306 Twenty-fourth st., near
Mission.
A REFINED young German wishes a position
as governess or companion; references. Box
3742. Call office.
A YOUNG woman wants any kind of work by
the day. Box 3209. Call office.
LADY lalxes washing home; open-air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
COLORED woman desires a position as nurse.
11l Lercy place.
CHILDREN'S nurse wants position; private'
family: wages $30 to $35. Box 3439. Call. ]
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position: American.
Spanish, French; $30, $36. 703 Stockton at.
LADY takes washing home; open-air dry.
Phcne Page 7931.
WOMAN wishes work in the kitchen of a deli
cacy store. Call at 12 El woods st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation aa cook. 723
California at.
A FAITHFUL Japanese girl desires a position
at housework In a small private family;
I wages $3 a week. H. KOZAKO. 1215% Post •
i st.; phone Larkln 703.
I A JAPANESE girl wishes a position aa cook
and light houseworker, near Alamo square,
I for less than 4 persons in family; wages $4 50*
8. SAKAKI. 1484 Fulton st.
JAPANESE woman wants to work In small
family; plain cock and housework. Address
1226 Fulton st., rear.
A JAPANESE woman wishes position at gen
eral housework; wages $4 week up S MI
YAHARA. 451 Jessie st.; phone Folsom 2742.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
AA—A FIRST-CLASS pamtei\ papernanger
tinter and grainer. desires work by the day .
or Job; tools furnished; work guaranteed
prices cheap. 1464 Devlsadero st.
GERMAN. 30, speaks, writes English. Span
ish. German, some French, good business ex
perience. wants position. Box 3294. Call.
MAN and wife (colored) desire place In prl-
fj, m, ly in city: good references. J. H.
TERRELL, room 12, 639 Pine st.
EXPERIENCED cook and nurse wants post- \
tion with 2or 3 gentlemen. Box 3266, Call.
SITUATION aa gardener. ~Address box 2168.
Call branch. 2200 Fillmore at.
EMPLOYMENT WAKnp^M^*Z^?^
MARRIED man, 27 year*. Having had 12 years'
experience In the retail hardware buslnesa.
and ia thoroughly capable of taking charge
and managing all branches, is desirous o,
obtaining a position in or around i ran
cisco; best city and Eastern referencea. Box
3235. Call office.
AS - medical attendant and masseur to Invalid
or mental patient by experienced and reliable
man under middle age; of education and
thorough training; best of references; terms
moderate; correspondence solicited. Address
J. J.. box 3570. Call office.
BY young man experienced coal fireman or
running small pumping atatlon or choreman.
city or country; sober and reliable. Box
8236. Call office. . . ,
ANY kind wanted by reliable
young porter; experienced in grocery, hotel,
bar and general or private work. Box
Call office.
TYPIST (own machine) desires some home
work; terms reasonable: accuracy and delib
eration a specialty. Please address I*. <-.
L., box 3271. Call office.
A YOUNG married man. experienced book
keeper and cashier, traveling salesman or
ability, position of trust, where faithfulness
and trustworthiness count; flrst-claae refer
ences; do not use tobacco or Uquorsi __v.
E. WEATHERBY JR.. 142 Woodland aye.;
phone Fell 8268.
WANTED—By reliable, middle-aged, married
farmer, position as working foreman on
stock, grain or fruit ranch; thoroughly ca
pable of taking full charge, having made
stcok, grain and fruit raising a study; can
furnish references If wanted. Box 3471. Call.
WANTED—PIace to care for. aa coachman,
gardener, foreman; m any branch of farming,
gardening; also Improve new lands, with Irri
gation, etc.; experience; reference. Address
box 3590. Call office. _
SITUATION wanted by a male nurse and
masseur, a graduate of Stockholm, Sweden;
10 years' experience In Chicago, 8 years la
last place; would like position in Institution
or private. Address box 3458. Call.
1 YOUNG man would like a position In country;
has had 2 years' experience on chicken rancn;
willing to work for board and lodging. Box
8212. Call office. ■
A YOUNG man of 20. with 3 yeara' experience
In the hardware business, wishes position fill
ing orders or selling goods; city or country;
references. Add. Hardware, box 3567. Call.
SOBER, elderly man wants work; private fam
ily; used to gentleman's place; horses, gard
ening; all-round man; references; wagea no
object. Box 3537. Call.
Scandinavian (Danish) wants situation, gard
ener or man about place: can assist In house
work; city or country; best references. An
drew Johnson, 331 Kearny St., room 36.
WANTED —By young man. willing and ener
getic, good references, work for eight hours
a day In the city; warehouse or work of any
sort. Box 3587,Ca1l office.
STUDENT of Affiliated Colleges wlahee to ex
change work for board and room; understands
cooking; location near park preferred. Box
3597. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carriage-maker and painter,
who Is able to work at any branch of car
riage-making, wishes position. Box 3737,
Call office.
BAKER with experience wanta position on
bread or cakes In city or country; can give
reference. Address WM. R. JANTZEN. 844
Mission at.
RANCH foreman wanta take charge of small
orchard, vines, pruning, lay out new grounds;
California experience; referencea. Address
box 3485. Call office.
WANTED —A position by an experienced por
ter or shipping clerk; 9 years with last firm,
who has retired from business; referencea.
Address box 3714. Call office.
YOUNG German with experience desires posi
tion in grocery; 3 years In last place; best of
references from the same. 201 Montgomery
avenue.
COACHMAN and gardener (Danlah) wishes
situation: first-class recommendations. Box
3549. Call office.
YOUNG man of 28, having 10 years' experience
in store and office; rapid penman, accurate
at figures. Box 3560, Call.
EXPERIENCED man wants » position In a
dairy, creamery or cheese factory. Box
3538, Call office.
AN experienced gents' furnishing goods sales
man desires permanent position: cfty or coun
try; city references. Box 3639, Call.
A YOUNG Englishman desires position as
butler or valet; first-class New York refer
ences. Box 3581. Call office.
DRAUGHTSMAN and engineer desires engage
ment; structural and topographical expert.
Box 3435. Call office.
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman wanta po
sition with local or Eastern mercantile house
or manufacturer. Box 3589. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes position, ex
perienced, useful, milk, handy with tools;
good references. Box 3584, Call office.
A GOOD, reliable man for private driver or
garden work; references. Address J. J.
HUGHES, 733 Stevenson st.
WANTED—By experienced Englishman*, sober
and reliable, position as coachman or second
man; good references. Box 3711, Call office.
YOUNO colored man wishes position aa porter
In barber shop or running elevator. Address
Harry Taylor. 915 Powell: phone Red 142.
BUTCHER—Young experienced German desires
position; first-class references. 1413 A Scott.
A GOOD barber wants position for Saturdays
and Sundays. 716 Filbert at.
PORTER wishes position in wholesale house; Is
an experienced man. Address box 3596, Call.
FIRST-CLASS grocery clerk wishea position
in store; speaks German. Box 3209, Call.
FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger, tinter and
polisher wants work. VEITH, 718% Grove st.
A JAPANESE couple want place; man ac good
cook, wife wait on table and housework -
both speak English. Address 2302 Enclnai
aye.. Alameda.
A GOOD Japanese boy wishea position to do
housework; speaks English: plain cooking
done well; wages $3 50. Address O. 8. N
1431 Bush st.
A TRUSTWORTHY and competent Japanese
boy. speaks good English, would like a place
as schoolboy; best of reference. Box 3408.
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese waiter wishea posi
tion In hotel; wages $26 up. H. S., 508 Tay
lor at.
HONEST Japanese requires a position In lodg
ing-house from 7 am. to 5 p. m. Address
M. E„ 508 Taylor st.
A YOUNG Japanese elevator operator wishes
position at any place, night or day. Address
Y. S.. 508 Taylor at.
A JAPANESE boy wants a place to work aa
schoolboy In good family near the addresa
HENRY M.. 442 Devlsadero St.; phone 2109.
JAPANESE boy wants position to run ele
vator; hotel or any place. WALTER ISONO,
528 Stevenson at.: phone Mint 3241.
JAPANESE, honest boy. wants position aa
schoolboy; wages, $1 50: general housework -
er, $3 week. F. YAMATO. 1303% Castro at.
JAPANESE (experienced) boy wants position aa
schoolboy or half-day's work. FRANK,
ohone Polk 3802.
A GOOD Japanese and wife dealre work, both
good cooks; wife will do general housework;
have references. .Address box 3588, Call.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as a
school boy;, wages no object. FRANK
OGAWA. 744 Post at., city.
JAPANESE boy wants situation aa schoolboy
in a family. OKA. 744 Post st.; tel. Sutter
1731.
A YOUNO Japanese boy wants a good place aa
a schoolboy. Address WADA. 1319% Larkln.
A JAPANESE, boy wants a position aa dish
washer from 6 p. m. HENRY. 1308% Castro.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy.
Phone Sutter 4132.
A JAPANESE, genteel, honest boy. wishes po
sition as schoolboy. A. 8., 81 Minna at.
JAPANESE good boy wants position as school
boy. K. TAN. 322% O' Farrell st.
A CHINESE, excellent cook, wishes position,
hotel family, boarding-house or restaurant;
good ' references. CHAS. WILL. 1113 Clay
St.: tel. Black 3668.
A CHINESE (excellent cook) wishes position;
hotel, family, boarding-house or restaurant;
good references. CHARLES WILL, 1113
Clay at.; tel. Black 3658.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants poaitlon
In boarding-house; wages $40 to $50. Call at
Wong Tee's, 828 Washington at.
YOUNG Chinese boy wishes a poaitlon aa cook
or housework In small family. AH FONG
7 Brenham place.
YOUNG Crdnese cook wants position; flrst
class cook; wages $40 to $45. Box 3669. Call.
A CHINESE flrst-clsse cook wants position la
family. SAM. 715% Dunont st.
CHINESE boy wishes a position mm
cook In family. AH KEE. 7 Brenham plaoe.MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY, TO SMALL AD PATRONS—FREE
ECZEMA CUBE.
. $1"0 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barbei itch that I can't cure; a trial
neatnvm lrev. UK. UR..AVN. 54 Sixth st. :
financial.
THE HE ALT- SYNDICATE.
• iiplta! paid in $4,600,000 00 |
- " Surplus 940,001'•*« 1
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office—N*. ll ■enceaw at..
San Franc'.sro, Cel. [
■n'\!! S 'l-S formed; m'ning or patents; stock
ng Ka»t'-rn connections: advice free.
.•V r: A. F. HARASZTHY. 582 Crossley bldg. I
"•REALTT Syndicate i-.vtiflcates bought. MAN
" ' i' A TTA N I.'AN co. 107 St rocker bldg
FLATS TO LET.
.A HOUSES and fiat* to let; an immense Hat;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
• - irtment; ll will save you time and I
•- trouble. Cordes Furniture Co. 245-59 Geary '•
*. ■ it., ii the aq_er_ |
". COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de- l
slrable vacant place in San Francisco on
.our lists: service absolutely free; let us find
. you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we I
4c the rest." Sterling Furniture Company. I
• 1039 Market st.. opp. McAllister. j
NEW. swell sunny flats. t> rooms, to let; erery
. .possible latest convenience; close to the msln |
entrance to the Park; 5 car lines; one runs '
KU msht. Seventh aye.. near Fulton St.; open
' II to 4. j
THREE ne.W< e>gsr.t, sunny 5 and 6 room |
• park flats at 22."., 225 and 227 Parnassus aye.. i
near Stanyan St.; oft car line; rents $25, •
! $27 56. $27 50. I
SACRAMENTO. 2453-5-7—B beautiful new
flats. 8, 7 and 8 rooms, sun in every room,
marble steps, electric lights, reception hall;
rent $36 to $45.
NEW, elegant flats; latest Improvements; Just
Inlshed; park panhandle. STRAUB, 630
Market *t.
TO let—Flat of 2 rooms; rent $10. 308 Fill- ,
more st.
PAGE, 1272—A desirable, sunny upper flat in
house of two flats.
FOR rent—Newly decorated flat; 715 Taylor
St.; rent low. Address box 3568. Call office.
TElt rooms, four of which are in basement;
6unny; rent $35. Cl 6 Height st.
LARGEST list cf houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
FLATS POB SALE —PUBHXSKED■
P-NEv 782—For sale, bargain, part furniture
flat 5 rooms and bath; rent $25; make offer.
FURNITURE WANTED.
'" "WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"—We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market St., be
•'tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
'"' ABE LEVY,
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie I—.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
; WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L H.
BIRD, auc. 1636 Market; phone Jeasle 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission st., be
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
KELP WANTED—FEMALE.
CO UK. no wash $40
2 cooks, boarding-houses $30
5 cooks, German families $30-s3.">
2 cooks. American families $30
4 second girls, city and country $25
2 upstairs girls and seamstresses $25-$' SO
. Housekeeper for 2 men $25
'. Infant's nurse, German $30
4 nursegirle $15-$2O
3 waitresses, country, fare here $20-$25
'8 waitresses, with and without room, city
$25-$3O
4 general housework girls $30
And 44 housework girls for city and coun
' try $20-s_.l-$3O
' *-' A l'P ly to J F CROSBTT A CO.. 334 Sutter,
GIRLS to learn hairdressing, manicuring, etc.;
trade taught from A to Z In 2 wks.; tuition
' $5 to those entering now; 3 positions to fill
•immediately; positions guar, at $10 per week
'. ' up. only recognized college of Its kind on
day and eve. class. 233 Geary, r. 13.
WANTED —Girls to learn millinery now for
•' spring season; both seasons taught from start
.to finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 "positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
At—PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS; NO _X
PERTENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD FAT. LEVI STRAUSS tt CO., 82ft
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OV_RAXX_; NO EXPERIENCE NEJCES
' SARY; STEADY WORE; GOOD FAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
WANTED—Teacher to go to Nevada to fill
'gut an unexpired term; $80 per month and
t ranaportatlon; refs. required. Box 3514,
'"all office.
GIRL orer 18 to go errands, olean goods, an
swer doorbeil, weekdays, 8:80 to $5; $4 per
week and lunch: references. CaH 1117 Van |
Ness are., bet. 9 and 11.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands to work on
Jaoketa waists and skirts. Apply superin
tendent's office the Emporium.
AN experienced teacher of embroidery for large
city store. Address, stating experience, etc.,
• " box 8232. Call office.
WANTED—Operators on wrappers. Apply
MARKS BROS.. 122Q Market at
GIRIj for general housework. 1711 Geary at.
THREE cooks. 607 Powell St., after 8 a. m.
GIRL for housework. 607 Powell at, after
9 a. aa.
OKE second girl. 607 Powell St.. after Bam.
.GIRL to care for two children; aleep heme;
r.-ages $12. 800 Baker at, cor. Fell.
•TWO bright, industrious ladies about 25, for
light positions; fair wages. Box 3239, Call.
TWO Industrious, intelligent ladles wanted;
. rermanent positions; fair salary; no triflers.
3211, Call.
-WA dipper: $10 to $12 per
week. Anply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak
land, office 477 Seventh at.
• GIRL for light housework. 945 Clayton
street,
YOUNO girl for general housework. Apply 505
Haight at..
LADY clerk wanted for grocery at 914 Bryant
•»!.; German preferred.
KELP WANTED—MALE.
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents, 05 Third at.
Piumber, contract, city.
Plasterer, contract, city.
• Teamsters, bay shore, $2.
I . '• man, experienced. $20.
Solicitors, tta and coffee.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter for R. R.
office assistant In country. $40 and found;
. buttermakcr. $40 nnd found; butler, $40 and
found; man and wife for Institution, $50 and
found; uid others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED—Furniture talesman; experienced In
every department: none but thoroughly com-
I "tent men need apr-ly. Box 3240, Call.
FIRST-CLASS pre.-s-r. SNOW ft CO., 1949
Mirricn st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted at once. 401
Minna st.
BOY for ltnotvpe office with printing experi
ence. KIIANLY. 411 Clay at. I
ITU 171? To Our f>fk
! ..V IxJ-Jt.. SMALL AD PATRONS ••F IvltJt..
{ HEALTHFUL NOURISHING DELICIOUS I
» ' T
t We offer to our Small Ad patrons this week the latest Graham Biscuit made. None others are like it and none compare to *
t it in flavor and quality. Graham biscuit are suitable for any meal of the day. Make a dainty reception food and are particularly accept
j able to those who do not care for cakes too sweet. J
I They are made by the Mutual Biscuit Company, 610 and 612 Battery street, whose standard of purity and quality in the goods J
they manufacture is exceptionally high. These Graham Biscuit represent the acme of the bakers' art, and are I
1 Free to CaH Business <Mfce, Third and Market Sts.
______ SUNDAY CALL OAKLAND OFFICE - - - 1016 BROADWAY w \
HELP WANTED —MALE—Contintied^
A—MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 6848. „
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave in 1903 1904 we hope to
Uvimi men work. Increase 60,000.
SPECIALS.
FOREMAN.
Steam shovel foreman, country, see boss
here. $100 and found.
FARMS. DAIRIES, ORCHARDS, ETC.
25 farm hands, teamsters, milkers and chore
men and boys.
HOTEL.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, porters, bell
and elevator boys.
Cook and wife, country restaurant. $85 cook
and wife, mine boarding-house. $55 fd.
MISCELLANEOUS. |
Stableman, stage stables. $45.
4 placer miners, north, $45 found.
6 pruners. 75c fare. $26 founcL
MURRAY ft REAPY._Jj34-636 Clay at.
NEW
COMPANY WORK.
STEADY JOBS.
3 men to fire furnace, city jobs. $2 day.
6 laborers, city Jobs, steady company work.
10 pruners, $26 and fd.; waiter, near city,
88 week and found.
MURRAY de READY. 634-636 Clay St.
7Z BOOKKEEPER.
SEE BOSS HERE.
Bookkeeper, country store, steady Job, lio.
FOREMAN.
Carpenter foreman, to run Job near city,
$4 50 day. .
Harnessmaker, camp, near city, $40 fd.
FIREMEN. FIREMEN.
FIREMEN..
LABORERS LABORERS.
TO HELP FIREMEN.
MURRAY ft READY. 634-636 Clay at.
NO FEE CHARGED IN ADVANCE.
We have calls dally for competent
Bookkeepers. Stenographers.
Furnishing goods salesmen. Shipping clerka
Bank clerks Clothing sa esmen.
Railroad clerks. Dry goods salesmen.
Grocery salesmen. Hardware salesmen. {
And many other high-grade men.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
415-416 Starr King bldg. _
WANTED— Manager stationery and Jewelry
department by a department store In North
ern California; we want an active man; one
who can push a department and has execu
tive ability: address In own handwriting and
give full particulars; applications treated in •
confidence. Apply box 3545. Call _*#__?____ !
WANTED— Manager crockery and bouse fur- j
nishlng goods by department store in North- j
crn California; we want an active man; one |
who can push a department and who has ,
executive ability; address In own handwrlt- i
ing and give full particulars; application
treated In confidence. Apply box 35*6. Call.
WANTED —An honeat. Industrious young
man that has had some experience at plumb
ing; steady work. Devlsadero at.
partner In Al business; big
profit: light service. 283 Fourth st., barber
shop.
WANTED —One or two men to learn trade;
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First St.
LABOrTliebta' collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 49 Second St.,
room 522.
WANTED— Boya JOE ROSENBERG, 816
Market st. _
WANTED— Experienced card-writer and win
dow dresser. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Market.
BOY wanted at 281 Poetst.
GOOD plumber wanted at 145 Third a_
BARBERS —Downtown shop for aale, or half
Interest; good lease. Box 3664. Call.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chaire. 915 San
Pablo aye., Oakland.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
phyelclen and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active: positively no other: no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third St.
WANTED —Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade? Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-75 Easton aye., St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mail,
Internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evgs.
WANTED —Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new roome to the Denver House, |
217 Third at.; 230 rooms: 25c to 50c per night. |
GET your shoea half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts..
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
HOTEL barber shop for sale. 610 Sixth et.
FOR sale--2-chalr barber shop. $85: good loca
tion; rent 916. Address Call office.
BARBERS'.—2-chair shop for 8ale; cheap, if
sold by Monday. 1074% Howard st.
FOR sale —Barber shop; 2 chairs; good loca
tion. J. PORCO. Napa. Cal.
TWO men to learn the barber trade: abso
lutely free; g__U chance. "51 Mission at
BARBER shop for sale; good location; three
chairs. Irqulre at 1202 Fillmore St.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sals. 817 Mont
gomery aye.
THK SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY fi, 1005.
HELP WANTED —MAX_E—Continued.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
801-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions Secured for:
Office men. Assistant bookkeepers.
Bookkeepers. Hotel clerks.
Stenographers. Railroad clerks.
Office managers. Timekeepers.
Correspondent clerks. Collectora
Accountants. BUI clerks.
Buyers. Shipping clerks.
Traveling salesmen. Law office clerks.
Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerks.
Cashiers. Cigar clerks,
credit men. Dry goods clerks.
Receiving clerka.
General office, work In all linea of business.
Offices and representatives In other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau.
I 991-309 Starr King bldg., 3d floor. 121 Gpary,
MERCHANTS and manufacture™ desiring to
employ commercial travelers are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion. 416 Market st.. San Franciaco. Cal.
WANTED —Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattreseee, elec
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
i 4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; cigar stand
and laundry; owner going East. 218 Mont
gomery aye.
TRY our men'a shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 8d at.. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
BARBER shop for sale, cheap. 729 Misstate st.
MUST sell; 3-chalr barber shop; good location;
cheap rent; lease. Apply box 3585, Call.
FOR sale—A 2-chalr barber shop. Corner
Fourteenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
In S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard at.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
i MEN to learn the detective business: paid
while learning. 997 Market St., room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bull's, r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar
ket —700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
j free 'bus end baggage to and from ferry.
, A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
j .Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
j ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
41 g _ i ,ii
SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED—At once, young man to travel and
organize for an old firm; previous experience
not essential. Box 3651. Call office.
KORSES AND WAGONS.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready: mailed free upon application
to DR.E.J.CREELY.Pree.,SIO Golden Gate.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. E. STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
JBOJDWBSJPOJLBT.
A—PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir
cular. G. H. UMBSEN ft CO., 20 Montgomery.
TO let—B-room house. $30, unfurnished or with
carpets; no children. Box 8217, Call.
: UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
«■ Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office.
BOUSE 8 rooms and bath Inquire 126
j Eddy st
HOUSES FUBNISKED—POB SALE.
14 ROOMS, furnished, for sale; good-paying
house; price to suit party. 491 Fourth st.
TURK, 124—Eight rooms, nicely furnished;
yard; will aell at a sacrifice.
OOTTAOES TO LET.
SUNNY rear cottage, 6 rooms, bath; 1532>_
Eddy St., near Stelner; rent $18. Apply 623
Golden Gate aye.
APARTMENTS WANTED.
WANTED —4-room apartment; state rates and
accommodations. Box 3398. Call.
SSJ"__S___^__________wm———_■___■—_—
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1016 Van Ncsa aye.—
This first-class hotel, now being conducted on
I American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
| equipments are all modern, with every con
! venlence. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable: superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN
i NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham.
New York, and Moana Hotel. Honolulu.
INVESTMENTS.
A FEW shares of the first sold stock In the
La Zacualna Rubber Co. for aale at a bar
gain. Room 6. Columbian bldg.
INSTALLMENT 3UTLDINs_.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your ln
stallments less than rent: send for circular.
LOBT ASP POUND.
LOST, strayed or stolen —On the evening of
Dec. 27, from 11th St.. bet. Washington and
Broadway, a dark brown gelding, about 4
years old. branded "47" under mane; new
harness; runabout, black body, red wheels;
black robe and nose bag; reward of $20 for
return to KARL H. NICKEL, rooms 62-63
Bacon building, Oakland.
LOST—A passbook with th* Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of WILLIAM J. WORKMAN, No.
284-1221. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST—Sunday afternoon, Deo. 11. at beach,
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward if returned to 1328 Forty
ninth aye.. Boulevard station, or for inform
ation of whereabouts.
LOST —A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MARY McNAMEE, No. 260-1197.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST—Medium-sized yellow dog; resembles
collie or spitz; answers name "Moe"; last
seen Third and Market. Owner, 1302 Turk.
LOST —Lady's gold watch, chain and coin in
red leather watch ease; liberal reward. 1150
Golden Gate aye.
LOST —From 2900 Pacific aye., a black cocker
spaniel answering to name "Mingo." Re
ward given to party returning
I,osT—Female Spitz dog: answers name of
• Flossie"; return 229 Valencia St.; reward.
LOST—lrish setter dog; answers to name of
Dick. Return to 1869 Page st.: reward.
ItATTNCHES POB KUKH.
C. *A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.: for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 534
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS., 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
mmmmmm ■ i i»
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White. |
the only graduate physician in San Francisco I
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or no pay.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—AII who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu
■ate helped; the mcst difficult cases treated:
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs: low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of Irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LADIES —Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no ehargo. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. O. WEBT. office 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008H Market St., opp. 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
ALL cases of female Irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 850
Market st, opp. Fourth, room 37.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission st., near
Fourth; home Ir. confinement; 25 years' expe
rience; best medical attention; low fees.
DR. and HINDOoHherbS;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
_J«SOTX_^_rBOOS—^
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roofT Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Writs
us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co.. 718 Market
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc, bought sold,
rented snd exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-182 Beale at
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH ft WOLPMAN. 196-197 Fremont st
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITE LAW. 263-266 Spear at
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress,
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPEB.
21 Stockton st. (formerly st Palace Hotel.)
FIXTURES for sale at a ridiculously low
figure; must be removed at once. Apply 612
Market st.. upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at XX and 91 90 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charces. ll 3d st.. Exam. bid.; catalog free.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOB SALE—Con.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on
credit by paying one-fifth down, balance pay
able at your own convenience. Pacific Jew
elry Co.. 21 Stockton st., second floor.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont
gomery St., room 12, upstairs.
HANDSOME new white fox stole, value $30,
accept $15. 376 Fifth ava, Richmond Dlat.
FOR sale cheap—Alaska Icebox, 5x6; almost
new. Call 717 Larkln st
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I FREEMAN. 1328 Market st
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 26 Stockton st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolaa Co.. 1407 Market
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, aale, rental;
bargains. Bullard tt Breck, 181 Post et
SAFES—New and aecond-hand. THE HEB
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery at
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 Third; tel. Main 413.
GAsoi inf. engines, automobiles snd launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 44 Fremont st.
l_-BCEL_A_-OTTS WANTS.
A A AAA—Highest prices for ladles', gents* cast
off clothing. Tel. Davie 825. 660 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER tt CO.. r. 406, Adams
bldg.. 206 Kesrny St.: phone Black 3036.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Red 77.
Highest prices paid for ladies' and gents' cast
off clothing. Tilton. 164 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAAAA—A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on tha following:
Salaries.
Life insurance pollclea.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided interests.
Goods In bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgagee
Estates In probate.
Life estates.
Rents.
Special department for loans to ladies on
their notes.
Privates offices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton st., near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA —THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential.
_:. STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET,
i Private offices at 21 Stockton st, 2d floor.
! N. B.—The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises: free use of same to all cua
j tomers.
—MANHATTAN Ll >AN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST fift AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, ea
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop- ,
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds, 1
legacies, and undivided interests in property
purchased.
I MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Sic HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount en
Ist 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate,
f In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest. •
Give full particulars
of property,
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terma., Drake, 463 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advancea on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent lntereat. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
A—ON furniture or pianoa at loweat rates, no
removal- no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in 46
principal cltlea. TOLMAN. 663 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal: other security; fairest
rates: strictly confidential: no commls. Na
tional Credit Co.. 506 Donohoe bid., 8 Taylor.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precloua stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security. The Whit*
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 19.
PRJVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
SALARIED people on noteT S~F~DISCOUNT
AGENCY, 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary* until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bid.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811, Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds _ Jewelry - at 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank 538 Kearny.
8% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notea without
lndoraer. MORRELL, 600 Examiner bldg.
CHEAPEST and beet In America—The Weekly
Oil, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 81.
MDSICAI. XHSTBD-08-TS.
XIiuNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 Haake $38; 1 Decker. $48, 1 Stoddard, $110;
1 Fischer. $125.
ALSO
1 Sterling, 1 Stelnway, 1 Curtas, 1 Voee, 1
Weber 1 Haines, and many others. Easy pay
ments. BENJ. CURTAZ tt SON, 18 O'Far
reli st
A GREAT opportunity—We are closing out
our entire Seattle stock in S. F. at price*
never beard of before; all makes; your
terms are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed if
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary et.. S. F.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; cost
$740; price $286; will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary at
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed if pur
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayea st
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright: one good
square. $20. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
A SMALL Stelnway upright; coat $600; $188
takes It 287 Geary st.
FISCHER upright: cost $350; will sell for 998.
237 Geary st
ELEGANT uprlghts.new £ 2d-hand,s4s to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos Cecellan piano
pliyer. ' BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ tt CO.. 16 McAllister st
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Bhonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 286 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Wsekly
Call, 16 pases, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AND STOKES TO LET.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis~st Apply at
barber shop.
! sf-ecialTlbetweelS^
this week for facial bautifylng; a face wlth
! out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
I color of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and book'
let free. M. ELLA 128 Geary st
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im
proves its growth,stops falling,cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers'.ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
A. BIMONOFF. ladles' tailor, has removed
from 1208 McAllister st. to 331 Leavenworth,
Where he can be found at the new parlors;
best work guaranteed; call.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2063.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor, 721 Market at.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 532 O' Farrell et.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per "week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 st. near Powell.
MRS DR. GWYER, 611 A Leavenworth st., be
i tween Geary and O'Fsrrell. Tel. Eaat 697.
EASY installments for Men snd Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 117 Mkt
jsl a week; suits to order $16 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
i ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.OS
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mkt.
; ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1 at alt druggists'
j A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
j tion of advertisements ana subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
! !■" ■■
PATH-ITS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 832 Market at
_t_AX> ESTATE—CITY —FOB BALM.
ONLT A FEW LEFT.
SI 25 PER WEEK. ,
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. . Excelsior Homeetead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on grade:
close to line school and Mission-st electrio
cars: bound to double In value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes: fine lots, near .Ocean boulevard:
best residence location south of Golden Gete
Park; these are the cheapest lots in this dis
trict. advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
20 Montgomery St., r. t* Phone Main 8704.
880,000.
CLOSE TO GEARY AND TAYLOR.
Nearly 70 ft. front by 137:6 tt. deep.
Has rear frontage.
Excellent site for improvement and positive In
crease in value.
Present old Improvements pay $230 a month:
could pay better.
THOMAS MAGEE A -OMR,
6 MONTGOMERY ST.
SPECIAL bargains this week. RIANDA ft
CO , 027 Montgomery st.
FOR sale—Two lots. Richmond: moderate;
must be sold. Room 309. 708 Market et.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHL
BACH & MAYFP.. plumb-rs. arts Howard St.
j BEAT- ESTATE—COUBTBT—For gale.
| INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
-1 TER COUNTY.
$65 an acre buys choice orchard land within
three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and s
large winery; b*st market center for all kinds
of fruit; the Butte County irrigation ditch
coming this way: surveys under way for
two electric lines to traverse this section
' and an overland road (the Western Pacific)
passing through here all point to a large in
crease in land values; four dally passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now; no
' other aectlon offers a better opportunity for
profitable Investment: also have aome good
dredge mining propositions.
Address M. *J. NEWKOM. Real Estate
Dealer. 406 Second at.. Marysville. Cal.
FOR sale —280 acres, all tillable land; 2 miles
from S. P. R. R-; 20 miles from coast on
main line between S. F. and Los Angeles;
San Luis Obispo County; In rich valley of
! Huerro River; deep, rich loam soil, 6 feet
deep; 80 acrea of thia Is little rolling, but
easily cultivated; no house or barn: fins
well of water; refused $10,000 short while
ago- price now $8000. as must leave coast.
CAMERON ft CO. Phone Bouth 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and PowalL
* ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
' bargalna In California. C. M. WCOSTER CO..
648 Market St.
CONTRA COSTA County Real Estate for sale.
Send for list. P. J. WEST, Martinea. Cal.
SAN MATEO J»E AL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of Ban Mateo electric carei 46
—tnut*s from Fifth and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artealan water.
Lota $400 and up. j.
Outside tbe fog belt
$10 to $50 down and $19 per month.
Go down and Investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGER3 ft CO ,
i Main 673. 118 California sfc.
' Also at Lomlta Park
OAKLAND ADVEKTWTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAHLAHD BEAL ESTATE.
$2450— REDUCED from $2750 to make Imme
diate sale to close estate; 8-room house and
barn- vines, trees, etc.; lot 50x120; corner
11th aye. and 23d at.. East Oakland. DR. F.
G. BAIRD. 502 Sutter at, San Francisco.
A SNAP—Choice lot, 110x126, SW. cor. 21st
snd Myrtle sts.; will be sold as a whole or
In subdivisions: sold to settle an estate. 1463
Myrtle et.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE POX SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargalna in furnl-
Hure. H. Schelhaas. 11th st. .cor.store.Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem't'g
BOOMS FOB HOUSE EE EPESO. .
rooms; also
! use of kitchen; reasonable.
DOLORES, 984 —2 or 3 furnished rooms far
housekeeping; basement; gas; cars pasa doer.
EDDY, 743—Two sunny well furnished house
keeping rooms; gas range., yard. «tc.
FELL 228—Nicely furnished suite hou»rk#ep
ing;" central; $14; bath; gaa range; adulta.
GEARY. 1228 —Fine, sunny, bay-window suite;
sll conveniences; nice marlns view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
GROVE, 82—Unfurnished rooms for house keep
l ing.
HOFF ava, 81. bet Sixteenth and Seventeenth
■ts. —Nice sunny room; light housekeeping.
HOWARD. 640—Front sun. suite,grate, 2 beds,
$3 60 wk.; hskpg,private kltch.; no children.
HOWARD, 737tA, Manila House —Sunny front
i suits 2 rooms; coal atove.
HOWARD. 1130%— Housekeeping rooma
' KNICKERBOCKER Apartmenta. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 8-room suites; steam heated.
I electric lighted; free hatha; rates reasonable.
• LIBERTY, 602—2 unfurnished sunny rooms fer
light housekeeping; uss of bath.
MARTHA placs. 2. off Geary, nr. Taylor—-9
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 1953—F0r rent, one room $«,
• two $12 and three $16; nice new flat
MCALLISTER, 1853—Three sunny housekeep
ing rooms; bath and laundry; new flat; $16.
MOSS, 13. off Howard, near 7th—2 rooms, fur
nished complete for housekeeping.
I MISSION, 1520—Two completely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gaa; range.
, OAK 117—Rooms complete, housekeeping; $9
to $12; gas range; hot bath: adulta.
OAK GROVE aye., 19, bet. Fifth and Sixth—B
I connecting rooms; gas; bath; laundry.
' O"FARRELL, 208—Three nicely furnished, sun
ny rooms, 8 beds; gaa range; yard.
I POLK, 1643, cor. Clay—2 nicely furnished sun
ny front rooms, $18; 2 back rooms. $1—
I SIXTEENTH. 3468—3 connecting sunny rooma
bath, gas; regular kitchen comp.; $15: adulta.
THIRD, 622—Front aunny room, complete far
housekeeping; rent 87.
; BOOMS TO LET—Furn. and TJnfurn.
, A^klns/corner Third st. and Park lane—New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
1 water; electric lights; only first-class house
In locality; rooms $1 60 week and up.
' A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.—Rooma
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $6 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st )—Rooms. 26c to 50c, $1. $1 60 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights running water In every room; 260
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 wsek.
} DE LONG aye., 156, Ashbury Heights—One
large alcove room, 8 windows; gas, bath and
tubs, also small room for cooking, rent $12.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 89T—Newly furn.. sunny
suites; also single roam; 99 to $5 week; bath
• GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission—Rooma 99a
to $1 26 night: $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
r HOWARD. 715—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooma;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator: also hkpg.
MCALLISTER 14 —Large, light, sunny rooma
; unfurnished; suitable housekeeping; reason
' able; elevator _________ .
SuSTROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st—4oo
I single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to 98 week; the only new and modern
; hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
r that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele
vator service day and night to_lts guests.
' OAK, t2, nr. Market Nitely fur. sunny front
. parlor, suitable tor 2 ladies or married couple
! O'FARRELL. 208— Nicely furnished, sunny
front rooms; also single; $2 50 to $6 w__.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
1314
BOOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfurn.
O*FARRELL, 230—Sunny front rooms, single
" or double; house changed hands.
POLK 1243—Nicely furnished sunny room:
'. also'small ones; gas; phone; ?l and $2 25
per week.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis—lncandescent lights;
'.. reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par
lor; rooms per night, Ssc to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $:»; elevator on ground
. floor; rooms with hot and cold-water: btths.
THIRD. 308—Nice furnished rooms; good lo
cation; transient: 25c. 50* and up per night.
TURK. 123 —Clean, yunnv furn. rooms, with
board; suite or single; housekeeping; $5 up.
YEN DOME 1104 Market—Furn. rooms, suit*
•or single;" suites'ss week np. 15 Turk.
UNITED ST-VTES, 123 Eddy, nr. Market —400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read -room; tree bus, baggage^
VAN NESS aye.. 1008—Sunny rooms to let,
furnished or unfurnished.
' WASHINGTON, 1025%, near Mason—Nicely
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
WILLIAM. 23—Nice sunny furnished rooms:
telephone; gas; price reasonable; key at 229
Taylor st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 8d St.. nr. Market—
. Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
85c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
e>c. lights; reading-room: free bus. baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion, of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ro.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received st
Call branch office, cor. Duncan end Church st*.
ROOMS AND BOARD
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 601 Geary St.—Large,
. sunny rooma board; suites, with board for 2.
$60 mo.; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
'GOLDEN GATE aye., 1031. near Jefferson
Park—Furn. front rooms: bath; priv. house;
good board; $20; two, $32-s:f6 month.
ELLIS, 453—Choice rooms: light and sunny:
. all 'conveniences; best French table board.
PJNE, 1951—Rooma en suite or single, with or
without board.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, table and ser
vice in the city for the least'money.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
" DR. C. C. O'DONNELL—Office and residence,
1021% Market st. bet. 6th and 7 th; particu
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED—-DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
• • WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor —All dls
• eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham. 9 Powell.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE—The Nevada National
. Bank of San Francisco—At a regular meet
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held January 8 1905, a dividend for the
quarter year ending December 31, 1904, was
declared, at the rate of seven (7) per cent
' , per annum, payable on and after the 16th
instant: transfer books Will be closed from
the 10th to the 16th Instant, both days ln
•' elusive. GEO. GRANT, Secretary. San
Francisco, Cal., Jan. 5, 1905.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—Central Trust Company.
42 Montgomery streef—For the six months
ending December 31, 1904. dividends have
been declared on the deposits in the savings
department of this company as follows: On
term deposits at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent
•'• per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of 314 per cent per annum, free from
taxes and payable on and after Tuesday,
. January 8, 1905.
H. BRUNNER, Caahier.
DIVIDEND Notice —Ban Francisco and Subur
ban Home Building Society. sth floor. Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st., op
posite Third st—For the half-year ending
December 81, 1904. a dividend has been de
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Monday January 2, 190 E.
:* JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
'J. M. DUKE. Secretary
' DIVIDEND Notice—California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.—For the six months ending
December 31. 1004, dividends have been de
clared on the deposits in the savings depart
ment of this company as follows: On term
deposits, at the rate of 8 6-10 per cent per
annum, and on ordinary deposits at the rats
of 3 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Tuesday, January 3k
1806. J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: The Giant Powder
Company. Con. —A dividend. No. 73, of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the issued capital
atock of the company has been declared pay
« able h* the office of the company, rooms
202. 204 and 206. Hayward bldg.. San Fran
cisco, on Jan. 10 1905. Transfer books cloae
• Jan. 3. 1905, at noon. C. C. QUINN, Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—ltalian American Bank!
corner Montgomery and Sacramento sts.—
" For the half-year ending December 31, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of
8% per cent per annum on all savings de
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3, 1905. A. SBARBORO.
' President; A. E. SBARBORO. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at 626 Market
street, opposite Palace Hotel, for the half
year, ending December 31. 1904, has declared
a dividend on deposits at the rate Or three
and one-quarter (3%) per cent per annum,
free of taxes; payable on and after Tuee
■ day, January 3. 1905.
W. E. PALMER. Cashier.
PROPOSALS.
MANUFACTURE of clothing—Office~Depot
Quartermaster. 36 New Montgomery st.. San
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 4. 1905 —Sealed propos
als, in triplicate, subject to usual condi
tions, will be received here until 10 o'clock
a. m.. Pacific standard time, on Friday,
January 20, 1905, and then opened, for manu
facturing 3600 pairs of dress trousers (the
Quartermaster Department furnishing the
materials), as per specifications to be seen
at this office. Further Information and blank
Proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be mark
i ed: "Proposals for Trousers. No. 10,499."
to be opened January 20 1905, and ad
dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL Q. M.,
1 V. 8. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
' NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall. Berkeley, on
or before 12 noon, January 14, for the plumb
ing for California Hall, as per plans and
specifications on file at said office. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond in favor of the un
dersigned, equal to 10 per cent of the bid
with sufficient sureties, conditioned that, if
th* bid be accepted, the bidder will enter
Into a contract faithfully to perform the ob
ligations In accordance with said bid and
with said plans and specifications. The right
to reject any or all bids is hereby reserved.
The Regents of the University of California.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT NOTlCE—Company
Seven —Location of home office, aulte 37
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal.—Notice
is hereby given that at a meeting of the
Board of Directors, held on the 12th day of
December, 1904, an assessment of 10 cents
per share was levied upon the stook of the
corporation, payable immediately to the sec
retary of the company at the office of the
company, suite 37, Flood building. In the
city of San Francisco, Cal., payable in gold
coin of the United States. Any stock upon
•which this assessment shall remain unpaid
* upon the 24th day of January, 1905. will be
delinquent and advertised for sale at public
auction, and unless payment is made before
will be sold on February 9. 1905. to pay the
delinquent assessment, with costs of ad
vertisement and expenses of sale. By order
x of the Board of Directors. CHARLES BUR
TON DARLING. Secretary, office suite 37,
Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., U. S. A.
aEOAL NOTICES.
•&OTICE. —Office of Insurance Commissioner,
State of California..San Francisco, December
—. 1904 —To Whom It May Concern: Pur
suant to the requirements of section 595 of
the Political Cede, notice is hereby given
that tho Ocean Accident & Guarantee Cor
poration, Limited, of London, has surren
dered its certificate of authority previously
granted by this department, thus withdraw
ing from business In this State, and said
company la no longer authorized to transact
business therein. E. MYRON WOLF, In
surance Commissioner.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Dsc. 15, 1904.—T0
whom It may concern: Be it hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MO.Na-
HAN, under the Arm name of MONAHAN,
O'HARA & CO.. is hereby dissolved. The
aaid D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from the
said concern and his name discontinued,
DANIEL J. O'HARA F. J. MONAHAN.
BAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 23. 1904—This Is to
certify that the legal co-partnership between
ihe undersigned has been and Is this day
*■ . 'dissolved by mutual consent.
ALFRED J. MORGANSTERN,
BRADFORD '.YE BSTER.
viavx
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VXAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone Eaat 282.
• SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
e THE opportunity of a lifetime to buy the
I beft sewing machine In the world at little
j.riot? is now; the place is the new retail
• office of the White Co., 915 Market St.; all
• shop-worn and used machines are being
closed out regardless of cost to manufacture;
tale now going on.
; ALL makes; 2d-liand. $2, $5. $7, $9; new, $4, $8;
' drop heads, C-drawer. golden oak, $15; rented,
1 repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
• S. M. Co.. 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3796.
- DOMESTIC—The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
I price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
1 tic office, 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5, $8; slightly
used $10, $15, $20: you know where the dolls
stvins in the window. 1051 Market st.
1 i ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call,
Iff pages; in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIAIi HOTICEB.
THE following half-orphans have been ad
mitted into the Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren: Jennie Campiau, 6 years; Llllie M.
i Lowe, IS years; Wilfred Janoe, 11 years;
Gordon Dobson. 6 years.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco
Ladies' Protection and Relief Society will be
held at the home, Franklin and Geary sts.,
THURSDAY. January 12, 1908, at 2 p. m.
MY wife having left my bed and board. I will
i no: be responsible for any debts she may
contract. Signed. P. J. SCHAUMBURG.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
: PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of
flce Post and Powell sts.: tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
i ! . , ■
i PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
! SEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
j TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
! AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California at.
I 2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspeo. Co..606 Market.
I STUTTERING AND STAKHVIERING.
j MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond,
j 521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin, 8 to 12.
| =================
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Charles S. Wlieeler, 27, 480 Ellis street, and
Daisy P. Hemenway, 26, Leeds. Kans.
Lambert Wierda, 21, 722 Clementina street, j
. and Maude Layton, 23. Uklah.
Rizieri Fornaciari. 36, 413 Broadway, and
IMarianna Paganucci, 33, 110 Paclflo street.
Jean Labourdette, 23, 2325 Pine street, and
Laurence Lapoubie. 22, 221 Mason street.
John Cuff, 24, 244 Onk street, and Annie
I O'Connor. 21, 0*7 Fell street.
Harry 8. Goldberg. 21, Los Angeles, and
j Gertrude M. Cohn. 18, city.
George F. Norvall, 21, 4109 Twentieth street,
and Annie M. Keenan, 18. 4109 Twentieth st.
Ewlng K. Dart. 21. Point Arena, and Alma
G. Farnell. 18, Point Arena.
Antonio Damen:ci. 21. Halfmoon Bay. and
Mary J, Cardoza. 24. Halfmoon Bay.
Charles R. Hardy. 45, Sweetland, and Maude
E. Peck. 30 North San Juan.
Charles Frost. 28, 330 McAllister street, and
Gertiofcheely. 21. 129 Guerrero street.
MonTOore Llpman, 25, 270A Mission street,
and Cordelia Smith. 21, 4 Folsom avenue.
Frank F. Passalacqua, 27, San Jose, and
Lyle M. Abbott, 20, Ban Jose.
Abraham Simon. 28, 1351 Ellis street, and
Amelia Michael. 24, 133A Harriet street.
James M. McDonough, 20. 36 Clarence place,
and Florence Hines, 18, Oakland.
Oust O. Olsson, 32, city, and Elise M.
Hagen. 20, city.
BIRTHS —MARRIAGES —DEATHS.
Birth, marrlagre and death r.otices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed \
in at either of the publication offices and be j
indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published. 1
Notices restricted simply to the announcement i
of ihe event are published once in this column '
free of charge. ■ j
BORN.
ARNBERG—In this city. January 4, 1905, to
the wife of Adolf A. Am be re. a son.
CHAPMAN—In this city, January 4, 1905, to
the wife of Albert P. R. Chapman (nee
Butcher), a daughter.
CHILDS—In this city, to the wife of Charles i
Childs, a son.
:
MARRIED.
I Lunn —DAJnuv^n —in mi* city, January 1,
1905, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Dr. Albert
Cohn and Carolyn Craner Baruch.
FOX—GRONER —In this city. January 1,
1905, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Adolph Fox
and Annie Groner.
GENSLER—OPPENHEIM—In this city, Janu
ary 1. 1905, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Edgar
Gensler and Celia Oppenhelm.
HARRIS—COHN—In this cltv January 1. I
190C, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Herman
Harris and Mrs. Celia Cohn.
MENDELSOHN—CAMPE—In this city, De- '•
cember 19. 1904, by the Rev. M. S. Lew,
Morris P. Mendelsohn and Annie Sarah
Campe of St. Louis, Mo.
| NORIEGA—DUNDAS—In this city. November
23, 1904, by the Rev. L. C. Sanford. Joseph
N Noriega and Elizabeth A. Dundas, botn
of San Francisco.
ROBERTS—ATTELL—In this city. December
25, 1904, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Max
Roberts and Ray Attell.
I B I "1. I I !
DIED.
Anderson, August—50. Horan, Frances.
Anderson, Leonard—64. Hughes Annie.
Brunings. Llvinia—70. Jones, Sablna—68.
Burnett. Jerome J.—28 Joost, Katherlns.
Burns, Mary J.—83. Kelly. Mary F.
Cleary. Thomas—75. Llnderman. Gladys—2.
Cook, Ann—87. McDonough A. J.
Croft, John E.—10 dys Noonan, Michael—72.
Dlckleson. Edward C. O'Connor. Timothy—40
—9 months. Purnnagen, Fred—25.
Drost, Johann D.—42. Quadt, Agnes R.—26.
j Egan. Ethel L.—4 mos. Quill, Dennis.
Fauth, Elmira M. —39. Richardson Emma—69
I Ford. Catherine—67. Saunders. Harriet.
| Cearhard, L. C.—50. Sherman, Francis—78.
I Hamilton, David—48. Stevens. May Dee,
\ Heuck. Fannie E. Vogt, David J.—75
Hildebrand. Dr. Jen- Ward, Martin B.—60.
nle Brooks —72.
I
ANDERSON—In this city, January 4, 1905.
August Anderson, a native of Finland, aged
j 50 years.
j ANDERSON —In ths City and County Hos
pital. January B, 1905. Leonard Anderson,
a native of Finland, aged 64 years.
BRUNINGS—In this city, January 4, 1906
Llvinia Brunlnire, beloved mother of Mrs'
J. M. Bohlken and Martin, John H. and the
late Henry Brunings, a native of Charles
ton. S. C, aged 70 years and* 3 days. (New
York City and Palisades Park, N. J., papers
please copy.)
CTRemalns at ths parlors of H. T. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Funeral snd interment strictly
private.
BURNETT-In, this city. January 4, 1906,
Jerome J. Burnett, beloved adopted son of
Robert snd Alice Stone, and brother of
William Burnett of San Leandro and Mrs.
J. Atkin of Alameda, and adopted brother of
Charles Stone, a native of Son Francisco
aged 28 years 4 months and 4 days. A
member of Court America No. 8, F. of A.
BURNS—In this city, January 4. 1905 Mary
J. Burns mother of Mrs. T. A. English.
Mrs. Virginia Evans. Mrs. R. B. G. Hunt
ington and Oscar Burns, a native of Penn
sylvania, aged 83 years.
CLEARY-In this city. January 3. 1905
Thomas, beloved husband of Bridget Clearv
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 75
years.
CyFrler.ds and acquaintances are resoert
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), atJJ:30 a. m.. from his late resl
denoe, 1024 Howard street, ther.ce to St
Patrick s Churdi, where a requiem hleh
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
t°ry at ° m ' *§l er "* e,,t HoIy Cro »" Ceme-
COOK—In Wstsonvflls, Cal.. January 5 1906
Ann relict of the late M. S. Cook and
mother of Mrs. James G. Piratsky of'Wat
sonville. and grandmother of Mrs. Thomas
E. Murphy of Hollister, a native of Ire
land, aged 87 years.
CJ Not ice of funeral, which will be held
m San Francisco, hereafter.
CROFT-In this city, January 6. 1906, John
Edward, infant son of John and Julia Croft
a native of San Francisco, aged 10 days
DICKIESON-In this city, January 4, 1905
Edward Charles, beloved child of J. E and
Henrietta M. Dlckleson. and brother of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
<Succ dTi5ieL 0 K'^ova'n
FUN^R^hu DIRECTORS AND emba'lmers
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers —
formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
'Villi SAX I-KAXCISCO CALL, KKIDAY. JANUARY fl, 1905
Marjory Helen Dickieson. a native of San
Francisco, seed 0 months and 21 days.
(CFFriends and acquaintances are respeet
fullv invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
.Tiinuary 7. 1905, at 10 n. m., from the resi
dence of his parents, 128 Lexington avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec
tric funeral car from corner Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 10:30 a. m.
DROST—Entered into rest. January \ 1905.
Johann D., beloved husband of Winifred F.
Drost, and father of Florence A. Drost, a
native of Germany, aged 42 years.
{ETFriends and acquaintances and officers
and members of San Francisco Tent No. If
K. O. T. M., are respectfully Invited to a'
tend the funeral services Sunday, January
8. at 9:30 a. m., at the parlors cf the West
ern Addition Funeral Directors. 1724 Devisa
dero street, between Sutter and Bush. In
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townaend streets at
11:30 a. m.
EGAN—In this city, January 6, 1905. Ethel
Louise, dearly beloved daughter of Eugene
I. and Lulu Egan, a native of San Fran
cisco, aged 4 months and 23 days.
£_TFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), January 7. at 1:30 p. m., from
the residence of her parents. 4192 Seven
teenth street, between Douglass and Eureka.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FAL'TH—In this city, January 4, 1908.
Elmlra M., dearly beloved wife of William
Bt, Fauth. and loving mother of Grace E.
Fauth. and sister of Mrs. J. J. Wassen and
Charles and Harry Hawthorne, a native of
San Francisco, aged 39 years 3 months and
8 daya..
EFThe funeral will take place Sunday,
January 8, at 2 p. m., from her late resi
dence, 238 Fourteenth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
FORD—In Seattle. Wash., December 27. 1904,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late John
Ford, and mother of Mrs. Mary Shanley,
Mrs. Annie Miller Mrs. Margaret Allen, Mrs.
Alice Gordon. Mis. Dealia Gillen and the
late Edward, Martin and John Ford, a native
of Ireland, aged 67 year*.
(CNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.
GEARHARD—In this city, January 5, 1905.
L. C. Gearhard, a native of Ohio, aged 60
years.
fC7"Rcmains at the parlora of the United
Undertakers, 866 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
HAMILTON—In the City and County Hos
pital, January 5, 1905, David Hamilton, a
native of Scotland, aged 48 years.
HEUCK—In this city, January 2, 1905. Fanny
Elizabeth Heuck, dear adopted mother of
Mrs. E. H. Fol:-:om. and sister of Mrs. Ellen
Ghiham. a native of Dublin, Ireland.
in?"Fiiends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 6, at 10 .a. m., at the
chapel of N. Gray & Co., 353 Sutter street.
Interment private.
HILDEBRAND—In this city, January 6. 1905,
at 141 Julian avenue. Dr. Jennie Brooks
Hildebrand. beloved mother of Stanley A.
HUdebrand of Sacramento. Mrs. W. C. Hen-,
rlcl of Kansas City, Mo. (J and Mate H. Cart
wright of Ron Francisco, Cal., a native of
Covington, Ky., aged 72 years 1 month and
21 days.
HORAN—In this city, January 4, 1905,
Frances, widow of the late John C. Horan.
and beloved mother of Francis W., Frances
F. and the late George G. Horan, a native
of Dublin. Ireland.
H-TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. m., from her late
residence. 2144 Devlsadero street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be cetebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUGHES—In this city, January 4. 1905,
Annie, beloved daughter of the late Michael
■ and Mary Hughes, and sister of Mrs. Wil
liam J. Pearl, a native ot Weymouth, Mass.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence, 3268 Folsom street, between
Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth, thence
to St. Peter's Church., where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JONES—In Yountville. Napa County, January
4, 1905. Sabina, wife of Edward Jones, and
mother of Elmer. Charles, Mlltcn and
Mandes Jones. Mrs. Annie Carmlchael, Mrs.
Ella Danaher and Mrs. Emma Giger, a na
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 62 years.
KFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of J.
C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. Inter
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
JOOST—In this city, January 5. 1905, Katn
erine Joost, beloved wife of Martin Joost,
and daughter of Sophie and the late Henry
Schweder. and loving mother of Albert.
Henry. Walter, Herman and Edna Joost, a
native of San Francisco. A member of St.
Paulus Frauen Verein and Schuetzen
Ladles' Club.
|C?"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KELLY—In this city, January 4. 1905, Mary
F. Kelly, beloved daughter of Mrs. T. and
the late F. R. Kelly, and sister of Frank,
John, William and George Kelly and Mrs.
F. 80110, a native of San Francisco.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 6, at 8:45 a. m., from her late resi
dence, 53 Stanley street, thence to St. Bren
dan's Church, where a requiem high mass
Will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
thence to Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
for electric funeral car. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.'
LINDERMAN—In this city, January 6. 1906,
Gladys, dearly beloved daughter of Isadora
and Nora Llnderman. and sister of Charles
Leland Llnderman. a native of San Fran
cisco, aged 2 years 3 months and 25 daya.
CFriends are respectfully Invited to at
tend the funeral from the residence of her
parents. 1328 Fell street, Sunday, January
8, at 10 a. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem
etery.
LLOYD—In this city, Lillian Narcissa, be
loved child of Owen and Lillian Lloyd, aged
3 years 2 months and 5 days.
McDONOUGH —In this city. January 4. 1905,
A. J. McDonough, a native of Sioux City,
lowa.
EFMembers of Wood. Wlrs and Metal
Lathers' Union No. 65 are requested to at
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 2
p. m.. from the parlors of McFadden! Mc-
Brearty & Green. 1171 Mission atreet, be
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy
press Lawn Cemetery. By order
J. D. NAGLE. President.
NOONAN—In this city, January 4, 1905,
Michael, beloved husband of the late Cath
erine Noonan, and father of Mrs. F. A.
Smack. Mrs. F. J. Egan and John Noonan,
and brother of Patrick and Martin Noonan
and Mra. James Qutnn of Situate, Mass., a
native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 p. m., from the parlors of
Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thence to
St. Peter's Church, Alabama street, near
Twenty-fourth, for services, commencing at
1 p. m. Interment Holy Crofts Cemetery.
O'CONNOR—In this city, January 5, 1905,
Timothy O'Connor, a native of Ireland, aged
40 years.
(CFNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor A Co. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
PITRNHAGEN—In this city, January 4, 1906.
Fred, beloved son of Beckle and the late
Christian Purnnagen. and brother of Wil
liam and Dick Purnnagen, a native of Ger
many, aged 25 years and 4 months.
(EFFrienda and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). January 6, at 2:30 p. m., from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
QUADT—In thia city. January 4, 1906, Agnes
Roslna Quadt. dearly belovad daughter of
John and Maggie Quadt, and beloved sister
of Mrs. B. W. Dassow, Mrs. W. J. Conrad.
Mrs. G. Wende and Joseph and the lat«
Louis Quadt. a native of San Francisco
aged 26 years 6 months and 23 days.
ICFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of the H. F. Maass Comnany, 917 Mission
atreet. thence to St. Boniface's Church
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and
Leavenworth, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
QUILL—In this city, January 4, J. 906, Dennis
Quill, beloved, son of the late Catherine
and Michael Quill, and brother of Mrs.
Frank Kruse and Mrs. E. Copeland, a native
of San Francisco.
(T-FFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 6. at 9 a. m., at the parlors
of Julius S. Godeau, 306 Montgomery avenue
Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
RICHARDSON—In this city, January 4 1906.
Emma Rlchardaon, beloved wife of the late
John Richardson, and beloved mother of
Mrs. Fred A. Staud, Mrs. Mollle Schmidt
and of the late John Richardson Jr., a na
tive of England, aged 65' years.
- CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.v
January 6, at 1 p. m., from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com
pany. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
thence by electric funeral car from corner
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 1:30
p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SAUNDERS—In San Francisco. January 3,
1906, Harriet, widow of the late P. L. Saun
ders, and mother of George A. Saunders, a
native of England.
_7*Remains are placed In vault at Moun
tain View Cemetery, Oakland. Notice of In
terment hereafter. '
SHERMAN—In this city, January 5 1006,
Francis, beloved husband of Lavlna A. Sher
man, a native of Plymouth, Mass., aged 75
years 4 months and 12 daya
CFlnterment private.
STEVENS—In this city, January 4, 1906.
May Dee. beloved wife of Everett H. Ste
vens, and loving mother of Onita and Thelma
Stevens, a native of Indiana.
tt—F Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
at Greeley, Colo.
VOGT—In Oakland. January 4, 1908, David
John, beloved husband of Emma F. Vogt
and father of Mrs. Charles Grimme, Mrs. A.
Gates, Mrs. E. Andrews and John and Henrj
Vogt, a native of Germany, aged 75 yeara i
months and 3 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday
January s. from I. O. O. F. building, cornet
Eleventh snd Franklin streets, where ser
vices will he held, commencing at 2 p. m
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
, land.
WARD—In this cltv, January 5, 1905. Martlr
8.. beloved husband of B. Agnea Ward, and
father of Louise A., William A. and Francis
O. Ward, a native of County Galway, Ire
land, aged 60 years 1 month and 26 days.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
DEC. 6.
Spring Valley Water Company to Louisa M.
Sloan, lot on N line of Chestnut street. 137:6
w » f ,„Larkln. W 187:6 by N 137:6; $6000.
William and Sarah A, Grant to James W.
troodwin. lot on SW corner of Francisco and
Larkln streets, W 137:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Julia Murray and Mary E. and Charles W.
Meeiian to David Samuels lot on N line of
Hayes street, 165 W of Polk, W 27:6 by N
60; also lot on S line of Ivy avenue, 166 W of
Polk street. W 27:6 by 8 60; $10.
Harriette DeWltt Kittle to Alfred A. and
Cora G. Mlchelettl. lot on E line of Franklin
street. 137:6 S of Chestnut, S 25 by E 114:9;
Same and Mary H. Cunningham to P.
Mlchelettl, lot on E line of Franklin atreet,
162:6 S of Chestnut, 8 25 by E 114:9; $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Lombard
greet, 87:6 B of Franklin. E 27:3 by N 87:6;
Central Trust Company (formerly Germania
Trust Company) to Harriet Holm, lot on SB
corner of Fell and Octavla streets, E 65 by
S 120; $10.
Ernelle Lyons to Alice L. Alexander (wife
of yvilliam F.), lot on 8 line of Greenwich
street, 314.11 W of Fillmore S 120. W 50:5%,
N 120. E 38.11. quitclaim deed; $1.
Vvilliam F. and Alice L. Alexander to Louis
Arata, same; $10.
Charlotte E. and Clyde 8. Payne to Anna
Boyken. lot on 8 line of Union street. 93:9
E of Steiner, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Patrick (or Patrick B.) Lynch to Mary T.
Lynch lot on N line of Bush 81:3 E
'of Steiner, E 25 by N 127:6; gift
Pauline M. and Eugene B. O'Neill to W. F.
R. Schindlcr, lot on E line of Pierce street,
62:4% S of Clay. S 25 by E 93:9; $1.
Lizzie M. Rogers to Morris and Annie
Lando. lot on N line of Ellis street. 90 W
of Scott, W 30 by N 75; $10
Estate of Julia Leahy (by Michael J. Kelly,
executor) to Peter Daly, lot on W line Of De
vlsadero street, 63:9 S of Jackson. S 25 by W
137:6; $8700.
gift eter DaJy to M<UT Daly (wlfe) - -ame :
William Peters to Edward W. and Ada M.
Bender, lot on SW corner of O" Farrell and
Broderlck streets, S 60 by W 100; $10.
Francis Sherman to Lavlna A. Sherman, lot
on N line of Page street, 62:6 E of Masonic
E 25 by N 100; also lot on S line of
Clay street, 82:6 E of Broderlck, E 27:6 by
S 100; gift. T
Hugh W. T. Williamson and Archibald H.
Turnotitl to Llllle W, Turnbull (wife of Archl
j bald H.), lot on E llne»of De Long avenue, 316
S of Frederick, S 30 by E 85; $10.
Geor.e W. and Ella Kline to Herman D.
and Bertha L. Hogrefe. Iqt on S line of Haight
street, 118:9 E of Clayton, E 28:9 by S 137:6;
Adolph and Ray Goldberg to Jullua Steln
berger. lot on S line of Clay street, 112:6 E of
Walnut. E 25 by S 102:8%; $10.
J. J. and Audrey C. Hayden to Reglna Rom.
mcL lot on 8 line of Waller street, 47 E of
Carmelita, E 24 by S 90, block 3, Marlon
I Tract; flo.
Mary A. Tobln to Moses Fisher, lot on W
line of Stevenson street, 240 S of Hermann, S
60 by W 82:6; $10.
Estate of Joseph Levy (by Hermann and
Alexander J. Levy and Ella Llevre, executors)
to Emll Gunzburger, lot on E line of Folsom
street, 273 N of Twenty-second. N 32 by E
122:6; $4700.
Emll Gunzburger to Alice, Tlllie and Edgar
I Levy, same; $4700.
Louis and Anna Schloch to Frank L. Guntz,
lot on E line of Dolores street, 147 S of Eight
eenth, S 29 by E 110; $10.
Alexander and Jane Bouick to Wilson F. and
Ella. Leeman. lot on S line of Fifteenth street,
75 E of Sharon, E 25 by P 100: $10.
Augustus J. Rankin to Ann KJnsella, lot on
i W lino of Sanchez street, 212 N of Fourteenth,
I N 26 by W 125; $10.
Cornelius and Margaret R. Donohoe to Jen
nie Paulsof. lot on S line of Seventeenth
street, 175 W of Sanchez. W 25 by 8 114; $10.
Luigi Gendottl to James Rolph Jr., lot on
E line of Mission street, 140 S of Twenty-sec
ond. 8 25 by B 122:6; $10.
Maud S. and Jennie Rodgers to William
Miller. lot on B line of Florida street, 175 N
of Twenty-second. N 29 by E 100; $10.
Richard and Katherine B. Gratto to Dora
Bloom (wife of Henry), lot on W line of Chat
tanooga street. 150 N of Twenty-fourth, N
77:11% by W 150; $10.
M. L. and Ellen Pouly (Drlscoll) to George
T. Davis, lot on S line of Twenty-seventh
street. 240 W of Sanchez. W 80 by S 114; $10.
Horatio P. Ll verm ore to Thomas P. Bod
kin, lot on N line of Twenty-third street, 255
W of Noe, W 25 by N 114. quitclaim deed; $5.
Abram B. Van Slyke to Harriet A. Badde
ley (wife of James), lot on E line of Diamond
street, 124 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by E 125;
tlO.
Marten B. and Nettle D. Joost to Adolph
O. Cordell. lot on NB comer of Eighteenth and
Eureka streets, E 25 by N 75; $10.
Raufortb E. Steele to Benjamin F. Harvey,
lot on N line of Lombard street, 137:8 E of
Taylor, E 29:8%, NW 46:4* i. S 85:8: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Eliz
abeth E. Cost, lot on E line of Jones street,
107:6 S of Pacific, S 27:6 by E 137:6; f— —.
Ella A. Judson to Charlotte D. J. Levan
saler (wife of J. A ), undivided % of lot on
NE corner of ©"Farrell and Leavenworth
streets. E 68:9 by N 80; gift.
Asa R. Wells to Reba E. Wells, lot on N
line of Jackson street, 55 W of Hyde, W
27:6 by N 112:6; gift.
Estate of Thomas Brady (by Anna Bradv.
administratrix) to Mary C. Kyle, lot on SB
line of Clementina street, 175 NB of Fifth.
NE 26 by SE 80; $3750.
Patrick or Patrick B. Lynch to Mary T.
Lynch, lot on NW line of Mission street. 180
SW of Blxth. 8W 25 by NW 85; gift.
Same to same, lot on N corner of Mission
and Laskie streets. NW 102 by NB 66; gift. I
California TiUe Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Ernest L. Hueter, lot on NW corner
of Twenty-fourth and Kansas streets. N 125.
W 100, 8 26, B 60, S 100. E 50; also lot on
SW corner of Twenty-third and Kansas
streets, 8 125. W 100, N 25, B 60. N 100, E
60; $10. »
William A. and Grace G. Lange to Amelia
R. Kellogg, lot on E line of Sixth avenue,
373 N of Lake street, N 32 by E 120: $10.
Josephs Martens to D. Cavalier Deleroze.
lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue, 100 N
of Lake street, N 60 by W 120; $10.
San Francisco Land Company to Felix Mar
cuse, lot on N line of California street, 32:6
W of Sixth avenue, N 87. W 25, S 89:6 3-10.
B J»:2%; $10.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Myrtle J.
Campbell, lot on N line of California street,
30:3 W of Sixth avenue, N 87. W 27:6. S
89:6 8-10, E 27:6; $10.
Isaac Liebes to A. O. Mulligan, lot on B
line of Twenty-first avenue, 131 N of Cali
fornia street. N 25 by E 120; $5.
A. O. Mulligan to Donald Mackenzie, same;
$10.
Donald and Helen E. Mackenzie to James
Gilchrist, same; $10.
John Olden to Dorathea Olden, lot on SE
corner of Twenty-sixth avenue and Lake street.
B 87:8 by 8 100; gift.
A. J. and Gladys GaJbreath to David Shoe
maker, lot on SW corner of Sixth avenue and
Clement street, W 82:6 by 8 100; $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Charles F. Wilson, lot on E line of Fortieth
avenue. 100 N of A street. N 37:6 by B 120;
$10.
Louis Levy to William M. Lacey, lot on W
Una of Ninth avenue, 875 S of Point Loboa
avenue. 8 25 by W 120; $10.
George W. an* Emma L. Merritt to Bernard
Getz, lot on 8W corner of Thirty-fifth avenue
and A street, W 140 by 8 100; $10.
Abraham Ruef to same, lot on S line of A
street, 60 B of Thirty-sixth avenue. E 50 by
8 100; $10.
A. W. (or Alexander W.) and Rose Wilson
to Gottardo Rusconl, lot on SW corner of
First avenue and C street. S 50 by W 104 1
$10.
Henry O. and Estelle Meyer to Charlea J.
Kern, lot on W line of TTilrty-flrst avenue.
150 N 0 f Fulton street. W 240 by N 150t $10.
Elliott B. and Emma S. Minor to Louis W.
Claassen. lot on W line of Sixth avenue. 50
N of Hugo street. N 25 by W 96; $10.
Harrison A. and Clara W. Jones to Stephen
Potter, undivided half of lot on W line of
Fourteenth avenue, 281:5 8 of X atreet, S
186:2 by W 127:6; $10.
Hermann Butter to Caroline Butter, lot on
E line of Ninth avenue 225 S of M street,
8 25 by E 120; gift.
William and Mary B. DeWolf to Elizabeth
Bias, lot on B line of Sixteenth avenue, 275
8 of T street. 8 25 by E 120; $10.
Josephine E. and Clancey R. Dempster to
John H. and Rcse Davis, lot 1. block D,
Spreckels subdivisions of blocks A. B and D.
Park Hill Homestead No. 2; $10.
Mary L. and Ellsworth Maxfleld to James
and Elisabeth McKay, lot on NB corner of
Fourteenth and South Broderlck streets, N
26:3 by B 86:3. block C, Park Hill Home
stead; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Robert C. Rothl,
lots 256. 268. 272, 273 and 289 Heyman tract;
$10.
Abraham C. Freeman to Malcolm C. and
L. C. Ferguson, lot on E line of Andover
street. 137:6 8 of Eugenia, 8 37:6 by E 70,
lots 187 and 189, Gift map No. 1; $10.
Malcolm C. and L. C. Ferguson to Marie
A. Pache. same; $10.
Eliza C. Luddlngton to John R. Blanchard,
lot on N line of Loboa street, 275 W of
Plymouth. AY 50 by N 125. lot 7. block P.
Railroad Homestead; $10.
Henry Buchu to Kate Rudden. lot on SE
line of Edinburgh street. 250 SW of China
avenue. 8W 25 by SE 100. block 47, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Julius C. Rels to Robert and Gustav Post
ler. lots 32 and 33, block 29, Rels tract;
grant.
Continental Building and Loan Association
t& Carvll W. Marlatt. lot on NW line of
Madrid street, 25 NE of Persia, NW 76 by
NE 25. block 28. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
George and Kate Ryan to George S, Pullen,
lot on NW corner of Wall street and Holla
day avenue, W 25 by N 75 block 3. Fran
conia; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Ag.n.'s J. and Thomas W. Anderson (owners)
with John J. Binet (contractor and architect) —
All work for a 1%-story frame building on
H line of Forty-sixth avenue, 200 S of Point
Lobos avenue; $2205..
Jacob Kamm (owner) with Mahony Brothers
(contractors), architects Bliss and Favllle —
Basement, floors, sidewalks, brick, carpentry,
concrete, elevators, excavating, electric wiring,
fire-proofing, glazing, galvanized iron, marble,
iron, plaster, plumbing, painting, framing, for
elevators, etc., for a seven-story building on
lot beginning at point 125 feet on Market
street from SW corner of Market and Third,
thence on Market 50. S 170, E 80, N 70, W 30,
N 100; $166,929.
Joseph Lenormand (owner) with Ralston Iron
Works (contractors), architect Oliver Everett —
Steel work and setting of same for building on
S line of Howard street. 369:6 W of Third;
$1335.
Jacob Goldberg (owner) with George Heal
ing (contractor), architects Henry H. Meyers
and Clarence R. Ward—Carpenter, mill, tin
and concrete work, front porch tiling and
marble work, floors, glass and glazing, new
! shingles, roof, etc., for alterations and addition
to residence on NB corner of Paclflo and
Franklin streets, 1732 Pacific avenue; $2134.
Julius A. Hisronimus (owner) with Merton H.
Cox (contractor). architect—All work ex
cept iT.antels, gas fixtures and shades for a
two-story and basement frame building (flats)
or. S line of Greenwich street, 98:4, W of
Scott, 24 by 08:9. W. A. 471; $4200.
John F. Ritter (owner) with C. F. Weldon
(contractor), architect C. F. Weldon—All work
for a 5-room cottage on lot commencing at
point 250 S of K street. E 120 by S 25. sit
uated on East Tenth avenue; $1925.
George D. Domln (owner) with George Good-
I man Artificial Stone Company (contractors)
I architect John R. Hamilton—Excavating.
| grading, concrete foundation, walls and base
ment floor for a two-story and attic frame
building on iot on E line of Sixth avenue, 601
N of Lake street, N 33 by E 120; $560.
Same owner with William H. McKilllcan
j (contractor), architect same—Rough lumber,
i rough hardware, roofing, carpenter and Join
er's work for same on same; $3280.
Herman N. and I,iu.se G. Lange (owners)
with C. L. Wold (contractor), architect August
Nordin—All work except some mantels, light
fixtures and painting for two-story and base
ment frame building on lot on E line o( Stan
yan street. 125 S of Carl. E 100 by S 25;
$5151.
Same owner with William S. Snook & Son
(contractors), architect same—Sewer work,
plumbing and ga s fitting' for same on same;
$705.
Mary J. Wrixon (owner) with G. J. Doerlng
(contractor), architect . All work for a
two-s|pry frame building on lot on S line of
Twenty-third street. 230 E of Castro, B 25
by S 114; $3650.
Alameda County.
Wlckham and Florence W. Havens (wife) to
Frank W. Rounthwaite, lots 2 to 11, and 82
to 37, Batchelder Tract (recorded January 4
1905). Oakland; $10.
H. F. Clan-age (single) to J. J. Murphy, lot
I on N line of Felton street, 80 W of intersec
tion with right of way of California and Ne
vada Railroad, W 40 by N 134, portion lots 7
I and 8, block C, amended map J. W. Craw
t ford Tract, Oakland; $10.
Berkeley Development Company to Esther
i Frank W one-half of lota 1 and 2, block 9,
i Falrview Park (Oakland, Berkeley and Oak-
I land Township), deed and assignment, Oak
! land; $10.
j John B. and Frances A. Rider to James and
Bridget Mulqueeney, lot on W line of Henry
I street. 163 S of West Fifth S 25 by W 125,
! lot 34, block G or 469, Bay View Homestead,
] Oakland; $10.
John A. and Florence E. Britton to Henry
I A. Butters, lot on N line of Thirteenth street,
I 101:0714 W of Clay, W 48:11%. N 100, E 150,
S 62:11%, W 40:10% to corner In wall of
Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company's
building. N 2:134, W following N line of said
building 00:2%, S 39:1% to beginning, lots 19,
. 20 2f> and portion of lots 24, 23 and 24, block
| 168, Kellersberger's map, Oakland; $10.
W. N. and Minnie Macintlre (wife) to Hol
comb Land Company (Heron), lot on SE line
of Howe street, 120 SW of Mather, SW r 30 by
■, SE 125, lot 18, block L, Thermal Hill, former-
I ly Howe Tract, Oakland; $10.
Holcomb Land Company (corporation) to
> Anton Ibsen, same, Oakland: $10.
Le Roy H. and Minnie Briggs to L. G.
i Haaven, lot on W corner of East Twenty-sec
i ond street and Eleventh avenue, NW 100 by
SW 60, lots 17 and 18. block 131-B. map
Brenan Estate property in East Oakland,
; blocks 117 and 131, etc.. East Oakland; $10.
F. M. ond Mary R. Smith (wife) to H. D.
I Brown (single), plat 9, Watson Tract, map
! survey 826, for Oshorn and Sessions, Watson
Tract, 100 acres, East Oakland; $10.
Carrie Ovenell (widow) to Nettie Innes, lot
! on S line of Benton street, 84 W of MacCall.
S 96:8 by W 41, portion lots 10 and 11, block
G, resubdlvlslon map portion Brumoglm Tract,
W of Shattuck avenue, Berkeley; $360.
Annie and William Wolters (husband) to
Horace A. Johnson, lot on S line of Virginia
street, 200 E of Grant. E 40 by S 135:4%.
portion lot 4, block 1. lands State University
Homestead Association No. 4, etc, Berkeley;
$10.
Northern California Improvement Company
to William Wolters, lot on W line of Ells
worth street 51:6 S of Russell. S 60 by W
90. portion lot 11, block C, Suburban Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Horace A. and Helen K. Johnson to same,
lot on S line of Russell street. 90 W of Ells
worth. W 45 by S 101:6. portion lots 10 and
11, block c, same map, Berkeley: $10.
Elmer K. and Jessie N. Cole (wife) to Cal
vin 8. Wlnchell, lot on W line of Grove street.
160.39 S of Ashby avenue (Mason). S 61.61 by
W 122.01. lot 22 and portion lot 23. map sub
division block 7, Central Park Tract, Berkeley,
recorded January 4, 1905; $10.
Frederick Wigglnton to Margaretha Wig
glnton (wife), all Interest In lot 10, block 19,
map 5, Shattuck Tract, Berkeley; gift
Eliza Doran (widow) to Rev. John Joseph
Doran, lot on W line of Fifth street, 100 S
of Jones, 8 77:6 by W 125 lots 11 to 13,
block 54, Tract B. Berkeley L. and T. I. As
sociation, Berkeley; $10.
Puget Sound Lumber Company to Gertrudo
Knott (wife of W. E.). lot on N line of Pa
clflo avenue, 60 E of Sherman street. E 83:4
by N 160. 1305 Pacific avenue. Alameda; $10.
Adolph' and Caroline Hecker to Jessie P.
Pond (wife of Henry M.), lot on N line of
Haight avenue. 4S0 W of Fifth street (Second
avenue). W 212:5 by N 135, block 223, Ala
meda; $10. .
Niels and Carrie Knudson (wife) to Jose
phine Couralet (wife of John), lot 17. block
A, Salsbury Sc. Campbell resubdlvlslon of block
A, Oakland Heights Tract, Oakland: $10.
The Realtv Syndicate to Frank J. Lobbett,
lot on SE line of Gilbert street. 174.42 NE
of Fortv-flrst. 8E 140. SW 37.40. NW 140.52,
NE 49.42, lot 6 (except NE 2 feet), block A,
map 1. Highland Terrace, Oakland; $10.
Mabel C. Needham (wife of Paul A.) to
Helen A. Josephine and Alice Stewart (all
single), lot on W line of Arch street, 60 N of
Cedar, N 69:6 by W 134:7. lot 17. block 8,
map resubdlvlslon of portion of T. M. Anti
sell's map of Villa Lots, Berkeley; $10.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall (wife) to Frank
B. Pritchord, lot on E line of Dana street,
44.83 — of intersection with S line of Derby
street. S 44.83. E 80, N 17.60, E 10. N »7.33,
W f>0 to beginning, portion of lots .6, 7 and 8.
block N. I Leonard Tract, BerKeley; $10.
Mary Mulligan to Peter Hansen, lot 9, block
113, tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association. Berkeley; $10.
The Scientific Alarmist.
The plain citizen 1b booked for all
sorts of trouble if he takes with deep
seriousness—a habit of the plain citi
zen—all we are hearing these days
about "Impure food." We learned that
our coffee is tainted with some kind
of an acid that just glories in chewing
up the nerves and membranes and fur- <
nishing physicians with new clinical
subjects for the paresis class. The oat
meal contains a liberal percentage of
sawdust secured from trees that grow
in a marsh where the original malaria
germ has its habitat. The milk is a si
lent partner of the typhoid germ and
the rolls are shortened with a lard sub
stitute made from cottonseed oil pro
duced from cotton that is full of boll
weevils. The man who dodges these
and other attendant evils at breakfast
and is allowed to live until dinner finds
prussic acid in his peas, strychnine in
his olives, deadly phosphates in the
soup, sure death in the cheese and
borax in everything. — Washington
Post. ,
Beds Teed by Soldiers.
The beds used by the soldiers of Ger
many and Russia are simple straw
beds, without sheet or mattress, on
which they sleep with a blanket or
over them. In Russia, till recently, the
soldiers slept with their clothes on, on
camp beds, but now the ordinary beds
are being put into use —the result of
association with more civilized coun
tries. After this it cannot be doubted
that the French soldier's bed is the
best of all. He has a wood or iron bed
stead, a straw bed, a wool mattress,
sheets, a brown woolen coverlet and
an extra quilt for cold weather. Thus
the bed of the French soldier is the
softest of all soldier's beds, as the bed
of the French peasant is acknowledged
to be the best of all in European coun
tries.-!-Indianapolls News.
Shipments of anthracite coal from the ;
mines In the month of May aggregated
5,28Efc079 tons, which is larger than *.n
any month ever reported, except April
of this year and January of last year.
This heavy movement does not include
the usual volume of shipments by lake,
as lake navigation is largely suspended
on account of the strike, and the de
mand is still great.
ENGLISH AS RENDERED
IN PARLIAMENT
Some Curious Instances of Misuse of
Rhetorical Figures by
Numbers.
Curious Instances of a misuse of tropes
and other figures of speech by British
Parliamentary orators are not difficult
to find in any collection of speeches
from that source, according to the
Chicago Chronicle. Following are
specimens from what were probably
extemporaneous efforts:
"Sir, we are told that by this legis
lation the heart of the country has
been shaken to its very foundations."
"I am only too thankful that we
have removed one of those miserable
barbed-wire entanglements and that
we find ourselves in smooth waters at |
last."
"The Secretary of the Education De- J
partment was the father of a state
ment of which the bottom was '
knocked out by those who followed !
him in the second reading debate, yet j
the honorable member for St. Pancras 1
has thought fit to trot It out again." ' j
"Among the many jarring notes I
heard in this house on military affairs j
this subject at least must be regarded
M an oasis."
"The interests of the employers and j
employed are the same nine times out
of ten—l will even say ninety-nine
times out of ten."
"Our*ongues are tied, our hands are
fettered and we are really beating the '
! air to no purpose."
4*l will now repeat what I was about j
jto say when the honorable member in- :
i terrupted me."
I "The West Indies will now have a i
j future which they never had in the
past."
"A thorny subject which has long
bt en a bone of contention among, us." ,
"A slumbering volcano which at any j
moment a spark might set aflame."
"The Chancellor of the Exchequer |
has denuded us of every rag of the \
principles which we have been pro- ;
claiming from the housetops."
"Ah! The honorable member oppo- !
site shakes his head at thaL But he 1
can't shake mine."
Relief of the Poor.
During 1903 Great Britain spent more
than $61,000,000 fn poor relief. In vari
ous English towns there are now daily
processions, 500 to 1000 strong, of un
employed mens marching through the
streets demanding food or work from
the authorities. In Westham, near |
London, with a population of about i
200,000, 7000 or 8000 men, with families !
dependent on them, are out of work, j
In the United States, while conditions !
are not so bad, the pressure on chari- I
table institutions both public and pri- j
vate is steadily increasing. It is said
that there are more men "out of a j
job" in New York City to-day than i
ever before.
The grave fault of all these remedies
is, according to Mr. Champness, that
they .are aimed at the symptoms rather
than the cause of the disease. It is
like trying to cure a man with a can
cer by giving him opium to relieve the
pain. Society finds a certain number
of its members poor and helpless. It
puts its hand in the-"well-to-do" man's
pocket and takes enough to keep the
paupers from starvation.
Mr. Champness very reasonably con
tends that it could better afford to
spend its money in a scientific hunt for
the cause or causes of pauperism, and
if possible so amend its laws as to de
crease or do away with the worst forms
of poverty.—New York Globe.
The Size of Texas.
"This will help you to figure out just
how large Texas really is. If you have
a star mathematician in your family,
tell him the number of square miles
there are In the big State, then tell him
the population of the globe; then ask
him if all the people in the world were
placed in Texas and its soil divided out
■Among them per capita, how large
would the man's farm be who had a
wife and two children? When he gets
through figuring, then wnlsper in his
ear: 'More than half an acre.' "—Tex
arcana Courier.
Growth of Absentmindness.
There was a time when weddings and
funerals were looked upon as engage
ments which It was impossible to post
pone. Of late, however, the growing
laxity of the age has affected even
these. Men—and women, too —are be
coming so careless that they not only
put off the'r weddings, but now and
then miss the appointment. Some are
so incorrigibly casual that they would
be absent from their own funerals if
they had any volition In the matter. —
The Tattler.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, January 5.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, 4V4 days from
Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 6.
Stmr Nebraskan, Weeden, Honolulu.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN —Arrived Jan s—Schr A B
Johnson, from Redondo: schr Robert Lewers,
from Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL—Arrived Jan s—Stmr Baltic,
from New York.
PALERMO—SaiIed Jsn o—Stmr Romania,
from Genoa, for Boston, via Naples.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Grace Dollar, from Grays Harbor—
On Jan 4. 11:30 p m, 30 miles north of Fort
Bragg, saw stmr North Fork, with stmr
Lakme in tow.
i RAILWAY TRAVEL.
7 —
ml m\\\\\\ „ja%
fswfsffPtftßfl
■CHICAGOm 3 DAYS I
I LEAVES DAILY AT93OA M I
«^>2^T^^oi^ttß^^Mr^^^e^^ißB^H
Other Santa Tm Trains:
7:30 a m. 1
9:30 am. f For Stockton Fresno, Bakersfleld,
8:00 p. m. j Merced, Hsnford snd Vlsella.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8 -.00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
.and Chicago.
Ticket Offices—B4l Market st. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak
land. Cal.; also 27 South Ist, San Jose.
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausalito Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD OAUGE. !
Depart from San Francisco, daily, at t7-n« i
7 45 8:25, 9:10. 9:50, 11:00 a m.; 12:20 1
4:35. 5:15. 6:50, 6:30, 7:15, 10Vl5 and
11-86 p. ni.
Arrive at San Francisco daily, at tu-io
7-35. 8:15. 8:50, 9:35, 10:50 a. m.,- 12*10 110
•J:55. 4:26. 5:05. 5:42. C:22. 6:67. 7:40 and l 3
| P 'tDaily except Sunday.
j For Fairfax dally, at 7:45 a m. : also Satur- I
; days at 3:15 p. m. and dally except Saturday
I and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. ' 1
THROUGH TRAINB.
7:45 a m. dally—Caradero and way stations. '
3:15 p. tn A Saturaaya only-For Cazadero I
etc. '
6:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun- '
day, for Tomales, etc. oun ,
TICKET OFFICE—66O Market st.
FERRT—Union Depot, toot of Market st. |
| RAILWAY TRAVEL.
kT_N. Twat-s la_va ■>*•
«• arr» ja ot
f 0 FRANCI3C<X
I • V—/(Jy '»o* Ocrassa 29. Ms_
\jf fFoot of Market Street)
- MAIN LINE. - AKRiT.'
7 00a Vacsville. Winters, iitiiusey 7 60s
7 00a Benlcla Klmirasml Sucramento . 72UP
7 30a YsUeJo, Nepa. Cailavoga. Bentt
Itou. Martinez. San Ramon B ?5*
t 30a Ntles.Tra<-y. Lathrop, Stockton.... 7 20P
SOOAShasts Express— (Vie Davis).
Wtlllamt. Wlllowo, fFrato. Red
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7 60P
• CCA Dsvls. Woodland. Enlghts Lauding.
Marysville. Oroville /•OOP
••30a Martinez. Anvlook. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Nawman, Loi Bsnoa,
Meadota Armona, Hsnford,
▼Isella rortervllle 4.20P
• 30a Port Costa. Modesto. Merced,
Fresno, Go*ncn Jaactton, Ban- -
ford. Vlsalia, BaSersfleld *»up.
8 30a Nlies. San Jose. Livermore, Stock
ton. (tMlltoal, lone, Sacramento. »#»_.
MsrysTllle. Cblco. Ke.i Bluff .... « * BP
8 30a Oakdnle, Chinese, Jamestown. So
npra, Tuolunm- snd A ngels
• 00a A tlantlc Express— snd East. 5-ZUP
8.30 a Richmond, Martinez and Way ____
Stations 8 50 *
1000 a The Overland Limited — «»gden.
Omaha, Chicago, Denver. Kansas
City. St. Louis ~ .8 sB_
10.00 a Vsiiejo 12.200
10.00 a Loi Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Mevcad,
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Jaat
tion, Hsnford. Lemoore, Vlsalla _
BskertQeld, Los Angeles i"ss*
I?.COm Bsywsrd, Nlies and Way Ststtons. .? _«»
11.OOP Sacramento River Steamers til.3o*
I-50P Beolcia, Winters. Ssci a'nento.
Woodland, Knights Lnndlng.
Marysville. Ororllle sad way
stations 10,60*
5- 30* > Haywerd.X:iesandWsT Btatloaa. 7 50e
•X9p Port Costa, Mirtiaez. By roa,Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda Fresno snd
Way Stations beyond Port. Costa 12-20P
4 OOP Martinez. San Ramc«,ValleJo,Nape,
Csllstogs, Santa Rosa 9 20*
4-OOp Ntles, Tracy, Stockton 10 20a
4 SOp Be/ward. Nilei. Irvtagtoa. Baal 18 50a
Jose. Llvermore ) 111.60 a
5 OOP The Owl Limited—Newman. Los
Bsnos. Mendois. Fresno, 'fulsra,
Bakersfleld, Lot Angeles m •■6oa
t6 30p Hsywsrd, Nlies aud San Jose ..... 7.20*
••OOP Hsywsrd. lilies snd San jose 8-&U*
6-OOP Eastern Express -Omafca. Chicago,
Denver. Kenias city, St. Louis,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacremenbe,
Colfax. Keno, Sparks, MunteUet
•-„ Ogdes '{2.805)
•••Dp Vallejo, daily, except Sunday.... I 7,M
7 OOP Vellejo, Sunday only f
7.COP Richmond. Sen Psblo, Port CoeU,
Martlnes and Way S.attons 11.20*
«<oop Bcno Passenger—Port Costa. Be
nlcta, Satsun, Elmlra Dixon.
Davis. Sacramento, Sparks, Ton*
i-ah. Keeler md Way Stations... 7.610
OOSp Oregon A Csllfornla Express—Baa
ram en to, Marysville. Redding,
Portland, Paget Suhiuc nnd East. 8 60a
•MOp Eay ward, Nile* snd Saa Jose (Sun
day only) 11-60*
COAST LINE /Marrow Gauge).
(Foot of Mar/et Street.)
8-16 A Newark. Centervlile. San Josa
Felion. Boulder Creek, Ssnu
Cruz and War Station 6 55e>
tt-16p Newark. Ceatcrvllle, Saa Jose,
hew Altnaden. Los Oatos.Feltos.
80-ulder Creek, Ssnts Crux and
Principal Way Stations +10 55a
4,1 Bp Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos... j t T s lia
*4).30p Hnnters' Train (Saturday snly)—
Sen Jose and Wsv Sistlons 17-25P
COAST «<asge).
fw~ (Tblrd snd Tuwnsend Streets.)
f.IOA San Jose and Way Stations. 6 30P
00a Sen Jose nnd Way Stations 6 40»
8 00a New Almsden (Tues., Frld.. only). 4.10P
040 a The Coaster—San Jose, Salinas,
Baa Ardo, Paso Robles, Ssnts
Margarita, San Luis Obispo,
Guadalupe, Gariota, Santa Bar
bars, San Buenaventura, Mon
talvo, Oxnard, Burbank, Loa
Angeles 10 Soe>
8O0AQl!roy, Hollleter, Castrovllle. DeJ
Monte. Pacific Grove, S'irf, Lom
poc 10 30P
B,ooa Bsn.Jose. Trei Pinos.WatsonvlMa
Capitol fi, Ssuts Cruz, Paclfle
6rore, Salinas, San Luis Obispo
and Pfinclpsl Way Stations. ... 4-1 Oa
10- 30a San Jose and Way Stations. 1.20p
11- 30a San Jose snd Way Stations 7.30p
016p San Jose snd Wsy Stations 0.30 a
O.COPDeI Monte Kxpreas—Santa Clara,
Sen Jose, Watsonvlile. Ssnts
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
Paclfle Grove 12 18a
10-00P Los Gstos, Wright, Boulder Creek. #
Sants Crnz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gsnge ; +10 45a
I-SOp Valencia St., Sotitii San Francisco,
Bnrllngame, San Jose, Gilroy,
Hoi Hater. Tree Plnos 10.45 a
4-SOp Ban Jose snd Way Stations t8 00*
•6-OOP Bant» Clara, San Jose. Los Gatot,
and principal Way Stations fex
cept Sunday) tS.BO*
|6-30p Ban JoteandPrinclpalWayStatloni jQ 4(l*
6-46P Bnnset Kxpress.—Kedwood. Saa
Jose.Gllroy.Sslloßa Paso Robiea,
San Luis Obispo, Sants Barbara
Los Angeles, Detnlng. El Paso,
et.Louts. New Orleans, New York 9 10a
646pPaJaro, Watsonvlile. Cs pi tola
bants Crnz. Caatrovllle, Del
Moate, Pacific Grove 10.30P
16.16P SenMateo.Beresford.Belmont.San
Carlos, lied wood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 18-48*
• OOp Ban Jose snd Way Stations 6 38a
8-OOpPslo Alto and Way Stations 10.15*
lI.SOp South San Francisco, kl 111 brae, Bur
liagame, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo A1t0...... tO 46*>
sflllOP MayUeld, Mountain View, Sunny
vale, Lawrence, Ssnts Clare sad
Ban Jose 10.16s
A for Morning. F for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. 1 Bandar only.
• Saturday only. t Monday oaty.
{Sloan st all stations on Sud Jay.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS—7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a m.; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra tre
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
I SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5 00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—6:O6, 7:35, 7:50, «:»>. 11:15,
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 6:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS —8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a, m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:05. 6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. [ Oct, 2. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. 1 tion. I days. | Days.
"tTsOs 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:80 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3 .30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:38 p
"7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novate. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
6:00 p Santa Boss.
'7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a FultCß. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30p
Windsor, I
7:30 a 8:00 a Heaidsburg, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
8:80 p 8:80 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
CloverdsJe.
"7:80 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p) 8:30 p) and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 8:20 9
j j Wllllts and j j
T:3oa| 8:00 a| Sherwood. I *jBspi 8:20s
7:80 al sToO al JlToliTa[lo:2o a
8:30 p| 3:80 pf Guernevilla | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6.20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
B:3op| 3:3op| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Bprtngs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cioverdale for the Geysers, Boone
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle Caria
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Sprints; at
L'klab fox Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Law, Laurel Dell Laka, Witter Springs.
Upper Lale, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day s,
RlveraideA Llerly';. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights, rslUville. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
House, Cofnptche. Hcpkins, Mendocino City
Fort Brass, Westport and Usal; at Wllllts for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covelo, Laytonville, Cumminga
Bell's Springs, Harris. Hubbard. Fruitland.
Dyer, Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re
duced rates.
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all pclnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. .
JAS. L, FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen Pass Ant.
Mt. Tama lp a isJR ailw a y
"lv. 5m rnaasco ~Ar. S*n handse*"""
H: 35a 1 •'3op *'i6::soi
»:50a JV 2:55p! 3:55r
i:4sp 1:45p 6:22p
Satardavs 4:35p aatordajTTlViaT
*Vis GrsTitr Ctr T lit Tsmslpau to Mill Talis*
SISSm \ M0 j Ma "W St.,(North Shore Railroa*
V FIUB j and Sausauto Ferry, Foot Market St,
WeefiF Call $1.00 w MCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• ' • York Stocks still unsettled. Co'tnn higher.
• , v market rising and Copper s.'ocl; higher.
: , Local Stocks still dull, but Mining Shares active.
. Silver loiter again. Sterling Exchange firm.
' * Wheat qu>ct and featureless. Barley firm and selling tvett.
- . 'Corn declining. Oats firm and Rye steady.
-.'Flay. Beans and Feed stuffs as before.
0 .. Vhtatoes in moderate receipt; moving more freely. Onions weak.
\ . Povltry in light receipt and firm. Game plentiful ar.d zcrat.
/ . Cold weather against the Fresh Fruit market.
- •. Butter, Cheese and EggS continue their decline.
° : Provisions listless and Meat market quiet.
. • ]' Copper and Copper Stocks.
In regard to the advance In Amalgamated
'.Vpper stock yesterday the New York wires of
= E. F. Hut: r. & Co. said:
..."There is an active demand for copper from
China and our consumers. Prompt deliveries
aire secured only at higher prices. Amalga
mated is obtaining a large premium on saost
• sa.les for prompt delivery. Copper will In all
probability seil at 17c and the stock will sell
.A much higher prices on its merits."
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 5.—Money on call was
• steady, 2<?2% per cent: closing bid. 2 per
coat; offered at 2% per cent. Time loans
were easy and dull; sixty and ninety days.
3*T3% per cent: six months. 3Vfr3% per cent.
. Prime mercantile paper. per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual busi
ness in bankers" bills at $4.871">-g4.8720 for de
mand and at •4.84804f4.S490 for sixty-day bills.
Posted rates. 64 85%#4 as. Commercial bills.
*t 84% Bar siKer, eo%c. Mexican dollars,
. 47%c. Bonds—Governments, steady: railroads,
irregular.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan 5.—Thers was little life
left in the stock market to-day and the senti
ment as expressed was thoroughly uncertain.
The fluctuations werr constant and the level
of the market shl'ted many times from an
average nigher than last night to a lower
, • cne. Dealings were small snd were attributed
• almost altogether to professional sources. It
was the common remark that there was no
evidence of public participation In the market.
The expected January investment demasid foil
ed to develop and the fear was thus engen
dered that whatever buying was to be ex
pected on this account had been Included In
the remember movement, which was attribut
ed at the time to a demand from dealers for
the purpose of stocking up for the January
investr..ent dtmand. The feeble downward
. moyerr.entf which alternated with the Indif
ferent advances were supposed to be due to
short-celling by traders to a large extent, such
as is the consequence almost invariably of a
dull and halting period in the buying of
0 stocks There was some natural reaction from
the stimulation caused by the fall of Port
Arthur and the Northern Securities decision
' and the tone of the discussion, both here and
. abroad was much less hopeful of a prompt
■• peace 35 the result of the surrender of General
' • Stoessel. Rumors of prospective railroad com
binations and absorptions still attracted atten
tion, but there was less confidence in the
universal tendency of the prospective changes
to harmonize thi railroad situation as a whole
and tbe possibility was canvassed of new
' rivalri-s being awakened instead.
SoriV effect was produced on sentiment by
• rather censorious discussion of recent episodes
in making bank loans for stock market pur
poses, which have come to light in the pro
0 res* of liouidation. The criticism offered by
the New York State Controller In his annual
report of some banking and trust company
• methods are given additional force by such
Further engagements of gold for
export added to the influence of that factor.
Mon»y. h"*?ver. continued extremely easy and
served as a safeguard against any pressure
tip'.n the stock market. The general list was
s «tained also by a number of points of posi
-trength. Amalgamated Copper bad the
' benefit of a further advance in the price of the
• metal. The coalers proved the main stay of
' the market and it was the strong advance In
. the Eries that made the closing steady.
The bond market was very broad, but the
movement of prices somewhat Irregular. Total
• ' sales, par value. S3.42n.000.
Cnited States bonds all unchanged on call.
New York Stock List.
E. ¥. Hutton A Co.. 490 California street.
San. Eranclsco. members of the New York
• '.Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
• ciuotations of that Exchange:
.. Adams Express .,
A mala Copper .,
" Am Can Co
. ". i Do pfd |
._«;. ■ Car A Fy Co:
•. i Do pfd j
1.700,Am Cut ton Oil..I
Do pfd i
'Am Dist Tel
200 Am Express ...
' 700 Am Gr Twins Co
Am Hide A L...
a*> Do pfd
890 American Ice ... j
700 Do pfd
....... 1 Am Linseed ....
{ Do pfd j
300 Am Locomotive .
400 Do pfd j
Am Malt
j Do pfd
8,160]Am Sm&RfCo. j
Do pfd
2.200 Am Sugar j
1,400, Do pfd j
. (Am Tel A T Co.,
' Am Tob pfd
800 Am Woolen
' i Do pfd
'Anaconda .1
(Ann Arbor 1
Do pfd
• .».i W1 A T & S F
1.30O; Do pfd
9.40OBalt A Ohio
l.OOOj Do pfd
: Bay State Gas..
'B R T
{Brook Un Gas...:
j Bruns D A I ;
... .Canada Southerni
3.500 Canadian Pacific
3.500 C A O
300 C A A :
Do pfd I
8.200 C A G W
Do pfd A
1.700 Do pfd B
Do debs
200 CAN W
7,100iC M A St P....
Do pfd i
•3f,500iC R I A P (new)
BOO! Do pfd
Do 4*
4.t00'Chicago Term ..
5.1001 Do Pfd
1.100 Cbic Un Trac...
Do pfd
, tWCCC 4 StL...
Do pfd
Cleve Lor AW..
I Do pfd
*.300 CoIo Fuel A Iron
1 Do nfd
400 C0I Hock C A I.
400'Colo Southern ..
Do 1st pfd
5001 Do 2d pfd
3.600'Consolldated Gas
iCont Tob Co pfd.
600'Corn Products ..
Do pfd
l.lOOIDs! A Hudson...
4C0|D L A W
' D A R G
900; Do pfd
. Des M A Ft D..
•• .. - 'Detroit Un Ry..
;Detroit Southern.
] Vp pfd
!Diafnor.d Match..
JDls Securities • ••
I Do Bonds
iDuluth S S A A.
Do pfd
ln3.600lErie
20.100' Do 1st pfd
21.4001 Do 2d pfd....
E * T H
' Do pfd
- Ft W A D C
!Gen Chemical ...'
.A Do pfd I
200 Gen Electric
'Great North pfd.l
IGreen Con Cop..
• Havana Tob Co.
Do pfd
600 Hocking Valley..
1.700' Do pfd
2,600'IUinols -Central..
Internatl Paper.
100| Do pfd
Internatl Power..
Ilntematl Puriip..
[ Do pfd
Iowa Central ...
300' Do pfd
'Kanawha AM..
]K C Ft SAM pfd
• S.OOOfK C Southern.. ..
2,0001 Do pfd
[Keokuk ADM.
Sales.,
STOCKS.
I I
34 j
!*35%';
1
211
. 13%!
i 6%;
137 ,
j
I. -. I
'35% I
I
Low. I
II
43%
6%
1
i I
33%
Bid. Ask.
|236 *25U
72%; 72%
. H%. 11%
62 % -53
33%! 34
94%. 95
3o% 85%
94 97
i 38 39%
|210 ;212
12% 13%
UtU. l.>%
46% 47
6% ••»%
; 36% 37
i 16%| 17%
j 37 {41
33% 3*
; 104%.lU5%
6%, 7
I 26 I 27%
82% 83
,112% 113
142% 142%
137 jl39
146 149
93% M\
22% 23%
I 93 94
109% 109%
1 31 35
; 62 1 66
87% 87%
1101 101%
105% 105%
! 96% 96%
% %
61%, 61%
208 '212
I n%; 12
as 70%
j'82%1
jl42'" j
1 g »
,143 \l*2 142%
«z
"2J
i * 93%
[ 28% 22%. 22%
I 93
w»
IS
88 [ 87% 87%
101% 101 101 I
105% lo4% 105%:
96% 96 I 96%
%
I 61%; 61% 61%
2U8
! j H%|
S3
133% 132% 132%
1 49 I 48%i 48% ]
t 43 i 43 2*
81%
; 24 23%; 23%;
67 I
: 35%; 35%; 35%;
J I 86
i 81%j
; 23%
51.
! 133%
! 49
43
8H
! 23%
! 70
88%
88 4
21 *l
207 !
1174% 173 173%,
i 1183 i
37%> 36% 37 i
84 83%; 84 j
78
•Yl 7% 8%
18% 18 I 18% I
10 9%\ 9%
I 40 i
91% 91% 91%
{115
71
120%
47% 46%; 47%
89
173%
186
! 37%
; 84%
! 79%
8%
10
4.1
91%
120
* Urn
1 23%
; MT *!
36%
187
47'
N
illO
I 47%
90
i 17 H
1 23%
62
I*"
i'20%
■
'86%
\'.'.'.'.'.
'76%
i
22 I
76%! 76 I
65 I
38% I
87
SO I
SB I 55 I
I j 87 I
82% I
28% 28%!
LH? ¥\
I 43
! »1%
»3%
IS?
-T
i 38%
' 88
31
I 56
I 38
j 82%
28%
53
! n
I tuaeiece «ias pia. I
500 Lake E & V '38 i 37
j Do pfd
I Long Island
i 3.100 L & N ;140%139%!
| IManhattan [166% .166 |
i Manhattan Beach; ,
1.300 Metro Securities. ■. 79 78%'
4.sOO ; Metro St Ry ...!120%il20 j
I 24.900 Mex Central ...I 24% 23
Minn •& St L
Do 1st pfd I I
M St P & S S Mi ; 1
I Do pfd ; I
300 Mo Kan & Texasi 32 31%
600' DO pfd ..; 63%; 63%!
9.000 Mo Pacifl: 107% 107%'
N'uh Chat & StLj i :
1.400'Natknal Lead . 25% 24'-.
100 Do pfd | I
1.000 N R R of M pfd: 41 %i 41%
Nat Biscuit j
: Do pfd j
lOOINew Jersey Cent'192% 192
[ IN Y Air Brake! |
10.900 N Y Central ...14*5% 144%
j IN Y C St St L..| J
! Do 1st pfd 1 1
[ "N Y Dock I j
N Y N H & H. !
MOWN Y Out St W.i 40% *40%
3.400 Norfolk & West. 79% 79%
Do pfd I !
;North American!
13.000 North Securities. 132% 130%
lOmaha i
i Do pfd 1 1
!0 9 L 4'S I
900 Pacific Coast ... 81 I 81 I
I Do 1st pfd j
I Do 2d pfd
1.600.Pacific Mall ... 46%| 48 '
17,2<X> Pa R R Co '139 138%
1.500:People s Gas '107%!l07 ]
Per* Marquette.)
Do pfd I »»*..]
PCC48tt..[ I
I Do pfd J 1st.*.
800'Pressed Steel Or 38% "s%
300* Do pfd j 90%! 90%
Pullman Car Co.! ! j
j .. .'Ry Steel Spr Cot 1
I j Do pfd i ■ I
95.900'Reading : 81% 79%
BOH Do 1st pfd ... 92% 92
200. Do "2d pfd
Republic S & I. 16% 16%
300' Do pfd ! 70% 70%
600 Rubber Goodsi . 27% 27
' ! Do pfd '
200S1OSS S S&I CO.! 63 62%
I Do pfd
;st j * g i ..| f
! Do 1st pfd . ..I I I
' Do 2d pfd I
,StL*SF 1st pfd. |
300; Do 2d pfd ..." 71% 70%
! St L St B W
1.300' Do pfd 68%' 58
\ 20,300 Southern Pac ..188% 94%
j I Do pfd 11« 115%
4.500 Southern Ry ... 35% 34*»
1.400: Do pfd j 97 ; 96%
Standard Oil ! J
I Standard R & Ti J
Tern Coal & I. 71% 71%
Texas P L T Coi
1.200'Texas Pacific .. 35% 35%!
Third Avenue
Toledo St L & W
I Do pfd I
Twin City R T.i
(Union Bag & P(
Do pfd 1 )
49,200 Union Pacific ..115% 114%
300i Do pfd j 98 | 97%
United Cfopper ..' !
United R of S-F] !
Do pfd !
6.000' U S Cast Iron P' 23%' 22%
5,300! Do pfd 82/C! 81
I [TJ S Exnress i
2.900 U S Leather 13%! 13%
! 2.10o; Do pfd 101% 101%
2,900|U S Rubber 33% 34 •»
400: Do Pfd 98-* 98%
I 47.S00U S Steel Cor .. 30 I 29%
l Do pfd 93 1 92%
1.600: Va-Car Chem Co 38% 37%
' Do pfd 10»%109
200' Wabash '
500 -Do pfd ' 42%j 42%
...«*_.. Do deb Bs
... Wells Fargo Ex !
«O0'Western Union..; 94% 94
31.10 Westtnghouse ..{181% 180
I Do 1st pfd ... j j
m & L E
Do 1st pfd ...J J
I Do 2d pfd ...I I
200- Wisconsin Cen . 22 5 22
900' Dc Pfd '46 I 45%
I
I I
: 81%
| 92%
18*
! 70%
27%
18%: is*;;
i iaa 200
' 11W 2W
•40% 40%, 40%
79% 79%; 80
i * 93 98
'101 'l01%
'130% 132% 132%
152 157
187 1195
1 1104 'l08
I 81 I 80%i 81%
100 105
85 i 87
45 M% 46%
138% 138% 138%
107 107% 107%
75 80
79 j 81
77 j 77%
%*...104 !l08
*S% 38%! 39
! 90% 90% 91
285 '231*
t ! 33 ! 33%
i ! 93%| 95
79T-. 81% Sl%
I 92 it J »2%
.... 84%. 85
16% 16% 17 •
70% 70% 70%
27 '26%: 27%
I ! 94 96
62% 62% H2%
1 102 |104%
I ! 15%' 16%
j 50 ! 58
2« | 28
, 77% ro
70% 70 7"% i
25 25%
B8 58 % 50 ;
«4% 64%' 64%
118% 115% 116% !
344, 35% 35%
96% '.-7 % 97%
! J630 !633
2% 3%
71%| 71%! 71%
i 36 ! 39
I 35% f 35 35%
130 132
36 ! 37
83%! 54%
108% 106
! 10 11
73 74
114%114%114%
; 97%; 97%; 98
. I 7%: 9
120% 24
j f «5 ' 65%
I 22%; 22%! 22%
1 81 ! S2 «2%
|115 |125
13% 13% 13%
101 % 101% 102
34% 35% 35%
OS % 99 99%
! 29%' 29%' 29%
92% 92% 92%
37% 37%' 37%
'109 Il09 1109%
22 22%
j 42%; 42% 43
! | 66 U67
233 [245
94 98% I 94
180 1M)V 1<«1
190 "196
| | 19 19%
1 45 j 46
I I 28 I 27
1 22 j 22 i 22%
I 45% 45 i 43%
'37"
I
I
ie«%
'••%
78%
120
: 23%
I 51
I 89
88' x
1146
: 31%
63%
107%
«
41V.
56%
115
192
185
145
110
! 11
79
120%
23%
HO
I 98
' 90
14M
31%
83%
107%
77
»%
88%
41%
66%
1115%
193
158
14-%
12"
78
18%
200
. 40%
<*o
i 96
101%
132%
187
195
!l06
s l%
;105
46%
138%
107%
80
•'71%
97'
i 7
665,115 —Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s r eg. .104%: Japan 6s. cert... 95
Do coupon 1(«4% LAN unified 4s. 102%
Do 3s reg 103% Man con gold 4s.105%
Do coupon 104%|Mex Central 4s... 75
Do new 4s reg. 130%; Do 1st lnc 25
Do coupon 130% Minn A St L 4s.. 97
Do old 4s reg. 105 % M. K A Texas 4*. 100%
Do coupon 105% Do 2ds 86%
Amer Tob 4s. cert 71%iNR of Mex con 4s 82
Do 6s, cert 110% N Y C gen 3%s..lC0%
Atch gen 4s 103%'N J C gen 5s....133%
Do adj 4s 94%'Nor Pacific 4s 108
Atlantic C L 4s.l01%! Do 3s 77%
Bait A Ohio 4s. 103% I Nor & W con 4s. 102
i Do 3%s 94% O S L refdg 4s.. 97%
] Central of Ga 5s.ll3%'Pa conv 3%s 1«3%
Do 1st rnc 92 'Reading gen 4s...101
Do 2d lnc 72% S L A I M con 5s.ll6% ;
Ches A Ohio 4%s.l08 iS L A 8 F fg 4s. 88% !
i Chi A Alton 3%s. 81 St L S W con 4s. 81
I C B A Q new 4s. 99% I Seaboard A L 4s. 83
: C R I A Pac 4s. 82 'So Pacific 4s 95%
Do col 6s 95% So Railway 5s...118
C.C.C A SLgn 4s.l01%!Tex A Psc lsts..li'0%
Chi Term 4» 88 'Tol. St L A W 4s. 84
Colo Midland 4e.. 75 Union Pacific 4s. 105%
Colo A So 4s.../ 91%' Do conv 4s 114% ,
Cuba 5s cert 103%:u S Steel 2d 5s.. 92%
DM A Rio G 4« 100%: Wabash lsts 118%
Dist Securities 6s 79 I Do deb B 66%
Erie prior lien 4s.loot. Western Md 4s.. 90% I
Do gen 4s 91%'W A L Erie 4s... 94
F W A D C 1sts.l08% Wis Central 4s... 91
Hock Val 4%s...l09%'
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20'Little- Chief 05
Alice 60s Ontario 8 75
Breece 20!Ophlr 6 18
Bruns Con 081 Phoenix 09
Com Tunnel 09'Potosl 251
ConlCal A Va... 2 00!Savage 43
Horn Sliver 1 60! Sierra Nevada 60
Iron Silver 2 00!Small Hopes 26
Leadvllle Con C2 Standard 1 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— IU S Steel 29%
Call loans ....2%@S%| Do pfd 92%
Time loans 2%S4%'Westlng Common. 94
Bonds— I Mining—
Atchison 4s 102%;Adventure 8%
Do adj 4s 94 Alloues 20%
Mex Central 4s... 74 lAmal Copper 73%
Railroads — lAmer Zinc 12%
Atchison 87% I Atlantic 17%
Do pfd 101 I Bingham 34
, Boston A Albany . 256 j Calumet A Hecla.660
I Boston A Maine. 174 Centennial 26
; Boston Blev 157% I Copper Range ... 69%
I Fltchburg pfd ... 148 IDaly West 12%
: Mex Central 23%(Dom Coal 61
i N Y N H A H. .199%'Franklln :.. 11%
Pere Marquette... 79 JGrancy 5%
Union Pacific 114% i Isle Royals 27
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 9%
Amer Arge Chem. 20 (Michigan 10%
Do pfd 86 i Mohawk 52%
Amer Pneu Tube. 5 I Mont Coal A Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 142%!Old Dominion ... 27%
Do pfd 138%'Osceola 93
Amer Tel & Tel .146% Parrot 29%
Amer Woolen ... 23 [Qulncy 116
Do pfd 92% Shannon 8%
Dom Iron A 8... 18%|Tamarack 122 1
Ed Elect Ilium.262 Trinity 94
Gen Electric 185 10 S Mining 20%
Mass Electric 13%!U 8 Oil 11%
Do pfd 50 lUtah 42% '
Mass Gas 38%:Victoria 8 I
United Fruit 105%'Winona 12
Un 8hoe Msch..." 66%'Wolverine 108
Do pfd 3l%!
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money. 88%iN Y Central 150
Do for acct.88 13-16'Nor * Western... 81%
Anaconda 5%l Do pfd 05
Atchison 90%-Ont A Western... 42 j
Do pfd 103»41 Pennsylvania 71
Bait & Ohio 108 !Rand Mines 11%
Csn Pacific 136%' Reading 41 :
Ches A Ohio 50 Do 1st pfd 47
Chi Great West.. 24«4' Do 2d pfd 43
Chi. Mil A St P.178 I So Railway 3*U
De Beers 17%i Do pfd . .99
Dsn A Rio G 32%l t " . 69% j
Do pfd 79 :L T nion Paclflo ... .118% '
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JANUARY 6. 1905.
* I
' Erie 40% I Do pfd 99>4 f
; Do Ist pfd 78% U S Steel 30% I,
Do 2d pfd 60%! Do pfd 95% : i
I 111 Central 161 %; Wabash 22%
Louis A Nash 144 ' Do nfd 44 i
M. X A Texas... 32% | Spanish 4s 89% L
Bar stiver—Quiet: 27 15-lHd per ounL-e. h
Money—l%©l% Per cent.
The rate of discount tn the open market for i
; short bills is 2% per cent and for three (
months" bills 2%62 7-16 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. s.—To-day'a state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the J150.000.000 gold re
serve la the—division of redemption, shows:
Available casW balance, $14«.2)57,038; gold. $77.
--027.331. j
New York Cotton Market. j
NEW YORK. Jan. s.—The cotton market '
i or-ened weak at a decline of 16622 points in
! line with weakness in the Liverpool market,
i Trading was fairly active at the opening and
: the initial decline carrying prices nearly 40
. points below the high level of yesterday, there
v.-ss considerable profit-taking by scalping
j shorts. In spite of this demand 1 the decline
i was gradually increased and toward the entLa
: ol' the flrst hour prices were about 25#2tr
p. :nts net lower.
Futures opened weak; January. 6.70 c; Feb
ruary, 6.80 c; March. 6.90 c: April. 6.95 c; May.
! 6.98 c; June. 7.06 c; July. 7.10 c; August, 7.15 c;
I September, 7.2 Cc bid; October, 7.20 c.
I Cotton futures closed steady; January. 6.73 c;
February. C.Blc; March. 6.85 c; April. 6.96 c;
May. 6.39 c: June 7.09 c: July. 7.12 c; August,
7-15 c; October. 7.22 c.
Spot cotton closed quiet. 23 points lower:
middling uplands 7.10 c: middling gulf, 7.35 c.
Sales. 30 bales
_—— —
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6. —FLOUR —Receipts,
21,300: exporta 15.600. Dull but firm.
WHEAT—Receipts, 15,600; exports, 8000.
Spot, steady: No. 2 red 81 21 % elevator; No.
2 red. si 224 £ o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern
Duluth, ?1 26% f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 hard
Manitoba. $1 10 f. o. b. afloat. Early in the
day wheat acted firm, although dull, being in
fluenced by an abundance of bull news from
the Northwest, but after midday eased off
under rumors that bulls were selling in Chi
cago, and closed partly lower. May. $1 16%8)
1 15 15-16. closed 51 15%; July, $1 02%©1 03%.
1 closed *l 02%.
HOPS—Firm.
HIDES—Firm.
WOOL—Firm
PETROLEUM—Easy.
SUGAR—Raw. firm.
COFFEE—The market for coffee futures '
closed steady. March, 7.95 c: May. 8.20 c; July,
5.3568.40: September 8.55458.60 c. and De
, cember, 8.75©8.80 c. Spot, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED * APPLES—The market is
firmly held, but demand Is light. Common
are quoted at 4©4% c: prime, 4%@5c; choice,
r>%©6%c: fancy, 667e.
PRUNES—Seem to be attracting a better
demand and are firm, with quotations ranging
from 2c to 5%e, according to grade.
APRICOTS—Are in strong position statls-
Ucally and prices show firmness. Choice are
quoted at 9%<Sloc; extra choice. 10%©llc;
fancy. 12(115c.
PEACHES—Are scarce for the time being,
and while demand is not more than moderate. ,
holders sbcw confidence in prices. Choice are
held at 9%c; extra choice. 10%«10%c; fancy, >
tll44J£fts.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.—The London tin mar
' ket was firm and higher, with Spot closing at
I i 132 7s «5d and futures at £131 17s 6d. Local -
* ly prices were also advanced, with the market
I reported firm, although business did not seem
' particularly active. Spot is quoted at $29 05©
| 2:> 25.
< 'opper also was firmer abroad, closing at
I £68 12s 3d for spot and £69 for futures.
Locally the market was firm. $15 37%©15 50
for lake. $15©15 25 for electroyltlc and $14 15
; 615 12% for casting.
Lead was 2s 6d higher at £13 2s 6d in Lon
\ den. Locally the market continues firm, with
i quotations holding around $4 <5064 70.
Spelter closed at £25 5s in London. Locally
' the market Is Arm at $6 104*6 15, the inside
i price being more or less nominal.
Iron was unchanged at 55s in Glasgow.
| while Mtddlesboro was a shade lower at 50s
6d. Locally the market Is quiet, but Prices
are firmly held; No. 1 foundry, northern. $17 25
©17 95; No. 2 do. $17&17 50: No. 1 do south
ern and No. 1 do soft, $17 75® 18.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. s.—The wheat market opened
firm, with May up a shade to %©%c at $1 14%
to $1 14%. The cash situstion in the North
west was the principal cause of the early
: strength. News from Minneapolis was quite
i bullish, a claim being made that 1.600,000
' bushels of wheat had been ordered taken out
'■■ cf ston to go to outside mills. In addition it
! was reported that elevator stocks there yes- ■
terday increased 125,000,000 bushels. Another
' bullish Influence was a cablegram from Ar
gentina stating that the wheat yield in Buenos
jAy res province was considerably below ex
! pectatlons and that general rains were inter
fering with late harvesting. Lower prices at
Liverpool, however, had a depressing effect
on the market here. Reports of the excellent
condition of wheat In the United States also
caused encouragement to bear traders. Many
of the pit traders were apparently bewildered
by the conflicting reports and remained inert.
As a result the volume of trading was rather
small during the flrst part of the day. Later
the market became more active and a firmer
tone developed. May sold up to $1 15%. Dur
ing the last hour of trading*, however, all of
the advance was lost on profit taking. May
acid off to $1 14%, cloalng %6%c lower at
81 14%.
During the entire session the corn market
was subjected to liberal selling by commis
sion houses. May closed at 44% c, a loss of
%©%c.
Oats were weak. May closed %c lower at
GOV.
Provisions were weak as a result of renewed
liquidation by local holders. At the close May
pork was down 10612% c, lard was eft 567 %c
and ribs were 2%©6 c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May 1 14% 1 15% 1 14% 1 14%,
July 98% 98% 98% 98%
Corn, No. 2—
January 41H ■»% 41% 41%
May 44% 44% 44% 44%
July 44% 44% 44% 44%
Oats, No. 2—
I January 29% 29% 29% 29%
May 31% 31% 30% 80%
' July 31% 31% 30% 80%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January - 12 12% 12 15 12 10 12 15
May 12 62% 12 65 12 50 12 62%
Lard, per 100 lbe—
January « 57% 6 57% 665 656
May 6 87 % 690 680 6 82%
July 6 95 6 95 6 90 6 00
Short ribs, per 100 lbs-
January 6 32% 6 32% 6 27% 880
May 6 52% 666 6 57 % 660
July 6 75 8 75 6 70 6 72%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Jan. s.—Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring
wheat $1 10©>1 15; No. 3, 9Sc©sl 12; No. 2
red. $1 16%51 18: No. 2 corn. 42c; No. 2 yel
low 42c- No. 2 oats, 29% c; No. 2 white. 31%©
32% c; No. 8 white. 30%©51% c: No. 2 rye,
75c- good feeding barley, 364537 c; fair to choice
malting, 41&48 c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 15; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 22%; prime timothy seed.
$2 77%; mess pork, per bbl, $12 12%®12 25;
lard, per 100 lbs, $6 55; short ribs sides
Goose), $6 12%©6 37%; short clear sides
(boxed). $8 6008 62%; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 24; clover, contract grade, $12 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 52,700 30,000
Wheat, bu 121,000 67.200
Corn, bu 830,900 370.500
Oats, bu 224.800 202.700
Rye. bu 8.000 2.700
Barley, bu 185,500 40,200
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Jan. s.—On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries. 17028 c; dairies. 16624 c Eggs
steady, at mark, cases Included, 20024 c.
Cheese steady, 11® 12c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGB.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Jan. s.—CATTLE—Receipts, 7000;
10615 c higher. Good to prime steers. $5 60
66: poor to medium, $3 8065 60: atockers and
feeders. $2 40©4 15: cows, ll 3564 40; heifers,
$265; ranners, $1 356*2 40; bulls, $2©4; calves,
$3 10©7- *
HOG8 —Receipts, 84.000: to-morrow, 25,000;
stronger. Mixed and butchers, $4 35©4 70;
g-ood to choice heavy. 84 6664 75; rough heavy,
$4 4064 50; light. $4 30©4 80; bulk of sales,
$4 5C6-4 62%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 16.000; sheep, strong;
lambs steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 856
I 5 50; fair to choice mixed. $4©4 75; Western
i sheep, 840*5 40; native lambs, $5 50©T 50;
Western lambs, 86 75©? 15.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Neb.. Jan. 5. —CATTLE—Receipts.
1000; strong to 10c higher. Native steers. $3 60
66 75: cows and heifers, $2 60©4; canners,
$1 6003 40; stockers and feeders. 82 5004:
calves, 82 60©6 50; bulls and stags. $1 75©
$3 50.
HOGS —Receipts, 6000; shade to 5c higher.
Heavy. 84 45©4 55; mixed, $4 4564 50; light.
14 40*4 50: pigs. $4©4 40; bulk. $4 45©4 50.
SHEEP— Receipts. 4000; active and atronger.
Western yearlings. $5©5 76: wethers, $4 80©
6 60; ewes, $4#4 80; lambs. $5 50©6 75.
Kansas City.
I KANSAS CITY. Jan. S.—CATTLE—Re
celpts, 3000: 10c higher. Native steers, $3 50®
5 75; native cows and heifers. $1 7564 50:
stockers and feeders, $-394 25; bulls. $2 254*4:
calves $3©6 50; Western fed steers. $3 50®
5 25: Western fed cows, $1 75©3 30.
HOGS—Receipts. 0000; 5c lower. Bulk. $4 25
©4 55: heavy, $4 5064 60; packers, $4 40®
4 55; pigs and lights. $3 75©4 45.
SHEEP—R-celpts. 2000; strong. Muttona
$4 25§5 50; lambs, $567; range wethers, $5©
6 15; ted ewes, $4©5.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Wheat — March. May. July.
Opening; 7 1 7% 7%
Closing 7«4 . % 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 23 80 24 75
Closing 23 90 24 75
Flour —
Opening 81 35 82 25
Closing . - 31 35 32 35
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 5.—W001, steady. Medium
grades, combing and clothing, 23®29c: light
fine 1h<?122%c; heavy fine, 14®18c; tub washed,
27641 c."
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. S.—WHEAT —For export.
Walla Wn'.la. 8lc; bluestesi, 88c. Milling,
Walla Walla, 85c; bluestem. BS©B9c; valley,
87c. Eastern market basis. Walla Walla, 83©
85c; bluestem. 90c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. B.—WHEAT —Unchanged.
Bluestem, 88c: club, Ssc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver declined %c. Sterling Exchange con
tinued firm.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..s4 85 © —
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 87%® —
Sterling Exchange cables 4 S7" 4 ® —
New Ycrk Exchange, sight 02%@ —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 05 0 —
Silver per ounce 60%© —
Mexican Dollars 49%© —
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5 15
New York on Mexico 203
Parts on London 25.14
Berlin on London 20.40%
Wheat a"nd Other Grains.
WHEAT —The markets everywhere continue
quiet ar.d featureless. This market Is kept
more or less weak by free offerings of Cali
fornia descriptions. Futures were weaker yes
terday, with not much going on.
CASH WHEAT.
California Cub, $1 45© 1 52%: California
White Australian, $1 60©1 62%; North-rn
Club, $1 50®1 65: Northern Bluestem, $1 60©
1 62%; Northern Red. $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 4ti $1 46 $1 46 $1 46
December—No sales; $1 S3 asked.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 45% $1 46% $1 45% $1 46%
BARLEY —Rules firm at the advance already
noted. There is a good demand for Feed, but
Brewing is dull and Is being sold for seed.
Futures were higher yesterday.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 12%©1 16%; Brewing and Shipping.
$1 17'«61 20; Chevalier. $1 15©1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 12% $1 13% $1 12% $1 13
2 p. m. Session.
May—sl 13%.
DATS—Another car of Eastern white came
In" yesterday and was quoted at $1 42%. Lo
cal descriptions remained unchanged, the mar
ket ruling very firm, with Red scarce and
Black taking their place.
White $1 4061 57%; Surprise. $1 65©! 60:
Red for feed. $1 45® 150 for No. 1 and
$1 40®1 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed,
$1 50©1 55; Black. $1 356 1 45 for feed and
$1 50© 1 65 for seed.
CORN —The weakness continues and seliera
are quoting still lower prices. Offerings are
larger than the demand, which is slack.
Western sacked. $1 22%©1 27% for new Tel.
low. White and Mixed; new California large
Yellow $1 2561 27%; small round do, $1 656
I 80: White. $1 25; Egyptian. $1 3561 37%
for White and $1 17%©1 20 for Brown.
RYE—sl 42%61 47% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—SI 50® 1 75 per ctl.
Flour and MillstulTs.
FLOUR—California Family Extras. $4 80©
5 10. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 70©5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $461 50
per bbl.
MIL LSTUFFS—Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Ryt Flour. $3 25 (in barrels $4 75); Rye Meal,
$3 50 (in barrels $4 60); Rice Flour, $7; Corn
Meal. $2 50; extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Meal.
$4; Oat Grdats. $4 25; Hominy. $3 6063 85;
Buckwheat Flour $4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 "5;
Far.na $4; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbis $6 75©7 50; in sacks, $4 25; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, boxes. $5 50; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff*.
There is no further change to report in any
thing. Bran is quoted very Arm. Hay ia
steady at the familiar prices.
BRAN—$2O©2l 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—S2S©2B per ton.
SHORTS—S2O62I 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $24028
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. Hi so®
32 50; jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake, $233x24;
Cocoanut Meal. $24625; Corn Meal, $31 50®
32; Cracked Corn $32032 50; Mixed Feed, $22
033; Horse Beans. $30©40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY—Wheat $9©14 50: Wheat and Oat,
$9©13 50; Oat, $9®12; Barley and Oat. IS610;
Volunteer Wild Oat, $7610: stable. $9610;
stock, $5 50©7; Clover. $7610; Alfalfa. $9© 12
per ton.
STRAW —35©60 c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Aside from the weakness in Limas already
mentioned there is no feature at the moment.
All kinds of Beans are dull.
BEANS—Bayos $2 50©3; Pea. $3©3 50;
Butter $3©S 25; small White. $363 35: large
White' $2 4062 60; Pink. $2 7563 50; Red.
$4 2564 50; Lima $4 0564 15: Red Kidneys.
$3 50®4 blackeyes. $2 35©2 50 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 Ss©2 40.
SEEDS —Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 3%'53%e; Flax. $2®2 75: Canary,
6%c; Alfalfa, 12%©13 c: Rape. 1%©2% c:
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp, 3%@3%c per lb; Mil
let. 2%63%c; Broom Com Seed. $20®21 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlies. $1 75©2 50; Green
Peas. $1 75©2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were moderate and all
grades moved freely at previous prices, even
Inferior offerings of river Burbanks, which
had previously been very weak, being in fair
request for shipment. Onions conttnued plen
tiful and weak. \
Southern Tomatoes were in free supply and
weak, with very few sales reported at the top
quotation. Receipts Included quite a quantity
that were Intended for export to Puget Sound
ports, but which arrived too late for shipment.
Peas and Beans did better and Summer Squash
and Egg Plant were steady.
POTATOES —Burbanks from the river, 50©
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 15®1 45 per
ctl.; Oregon Burlpinks. $161 20 per ctl.;
River Reds, 50©60 c per ctl; Early Rose. $1©
1 20 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. 60©90 c per ctl.
ONIONS—S2©2 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES—Green Pea*. 4©7 c per lb:
String Beans. 6©Be per lb; Wax Beans, 6©Be;
Tomatoes 75c@$l 25 per box or crate; Sum
mer Squash 75c©$l per box; Hothouse Cucum
bers $1 25®1 50 per dozen; Cabbage, 50©60 c
per ctl; Carrots. 30©40 c per sack; Garlic. 788 c
per lb; Egg Plant. 4©>6c per lb for southern:
Dried Peppers. lC©l2%c for sun-dried and 13©
14c per lb for evaporated: Green Peppers. s@Bc
per lb; Mushrooms, 10©15 c per lb;. Marrow
fat and Hubbard Squash. $S®lo per ton.
Poultry and Game.
There was continued firmness in all descrip
tions of live Poultry, and as receipts were ',
light the market was practically bare at the i
close. The car of Western that was expected
did not arrive, but was reported close at hand
and will probably be available to-day. Game
was quiet and weak, with recelpta heavy and
carried-over stock plentiful.
POULTRY—Dressed Turkeys, 254898 c per Ib;
Live Turkeys, 21 ©23c per lb: Geese, per pair,
$1 7562; Goslings. $2©2 25; Ducks. $5©6
per dosen for old and $6©7 for young; Hens.
84 50®5 for small and $5 50©t for large;
young Roosters, $5 60©6; old Roosters. $4©
4 50; Fryers. $4 50®5; Broilers. $2 6003 50;
Figeons. $I@l 25; Squabs. $2©2 50.
GAME—Mallard Ducks. $2 50©3 per dozen;
Canvasback. $2 50®4: Teal. $I©l 26; Sprig.
$1 50®2; Widgeon. $1 25©1 50; Red Heads,
$2 60; small Ducks. $101 50; Gray Geese. 88;
White Geese. $I®l 60: Brant. $1 25©2; Honk
ers. $366: Snipe, $2 50-for English and $1 50
for common;
Hare. $1*7502; Rabbits. $2 for
Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
General dullness Is the complaint all along
the line, and Butter. Cheese and Egsjs all
show a downward tendency. Butter la about
%c lower and most houses are atill shading
the quotations to sell. Cheese has lately been
dragging and has had to give way %c. Ranch
Eggs have declined more sharply than either
Butter or Cheese and are still slowly accumu
lating, though receipts are not very large.
But as this Is the season of the year for thetn
to decline buyers are holding off In expecta
tion of still lower prices, which increases the
weakness. Store Eggs are meeting with a
better demand than ranch, as during the cool
winter months they are about as good and
are certainly cheaper.
Receipts were 40.700 lbs Butter, 530 cases
Eggs and 27,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at flrst hands. 22%©
23% c for extras and 20®22c for lower to me- 1
dlum grades: dairy. 18©21 c: cold storage,
nominal* store Butter nominal: Eastern cubes,
nominal: Eastern ladle-packed. 15© 16c.
CHEESE—IIc for choice mild new and 10©
10% c for old; cold storage, 10®l0%c; Young
Americas. ll©12c; Eastern. 10®13e per lb.
EGGS—Ranch. 34©38 c for good to choice
and 30©33 c for common: store Eggs. 28©32% c;
cold storage. 25©30 c: Eastern, 25628 c for
choice. 22624 c for standards and 20621 c for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The fruit market continued very quiet, trade
in oranges and other Citrus fruits being re
stricted by the unfavorable weather, and local
buyers were taking no more than absolutely
necessary for immediate requirements. Stocks
of Apples are steadily decreasing, and as the
receipts are very light the market remains
firm. There is nothing new to report in other
fruits.
CRANBERRIES—B96IO per bbl for No. 1
and $668 for inferior Eastern.
APPLES—9Oc6SI 26 per box for fancy and
50685 c for common to choice; Lady Apples.
$1 2562 per box.
PEARS—Winter Nellls. $1 50©2 per box:
cooking varieties. 50c@$l per box.
PERSIMMONS—SC67Sc per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS—Oranges. Navels. $1 7562
per box for fancy, $1 3561 60 for choice and
$161 25 for standards; Seedlings, 75c651;
Tangerines. 75c for small and $1 for large
boxes; Japanese Mandarins. 75c65l per box;
Lemons. $2 50©2 75 for fancy. $1 75®2 25 for
choice and $I®l 50 for standards; Grape Fruit,
$1 7562 50; Mexican Limes.' $46 1 50 per case;
Bananas, $2®3 per bunch for Central Ameri
can and for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 50
63 per dosen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts. Raisins, Honey.
The Nevada Honey is still piled up here,
with nobody touching it. Fruits continue as
before quoted.
FRUlTS—Apricots. B®llc for Royala and 11
©12% c for Moorparks: Nectarines. 6%68%c
for White and 6%67%e for Red; Peaches. 7%©
B%c per lb; Paars. 7612 c; Plums, pitted, ti©
C%c for black. 7%68%c for red and 768% c
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks. 45c; 3-crown,
50c; 4-crown 60c; 8-crown, 65c; bulk white, v
2%©3 c: black 2%65%c; Evaporated Apples.
460 c rer ib.
PRUNES—I%®I%c per lb for the four sixes
and 2%c basis for the large sixes.
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters. $2 25®2 50; Dehesa. $1 30©1 35;
London Layers. 85c651; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown, 5©5% c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown. 3©3% c;
Seeded. 4*4©6 c; Thompson's Seedless. 4%©
4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 365 c per lb.
NUTS —Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12©13 c; No. j
2 10©llc; No. 1 hardshell 12c; No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, 18617 c for Nonpariele 14©14% c Tor
I X L. 13%©14% c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6® 7c for Eastern;
Pecans. 1 1613 c; Cocoanuts, $4 5065; Chest
nuts. 8610 c per lb. for Italian.
HONEY—Comb, 11%©13 c for white and 10©
11c for amber; water white extracted. 6%©
6%c: light amber extracted, 565% c; dark, 3®
4%c.
BEESWAX —27©29 c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues sluggish at the old |
quotations.
CURED MEATS—Bacon. 10% c per lb for
heavy, 10% c for light medium. 13c for light;
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies. 11c; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to 14 lbs. 12% c; 15 to 16
lbs. 12c: 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California
Hams, ll%c: Mess Beef. $10610 50 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 50®11; Family, $12612 50;
prime Mess Pork $14 50; extra clear. $22;
Mess. $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5;
Stacked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD—Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c; 10
--ib tins. 9%c: 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE—One half barrel. B%c; three;
half barrels. B%c; one tierce. B%c; two tlercea. |
B%c; five tierces, B%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about U©lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. ll%c; medium. 10% c; light. 10c; Cow ,
Hides, 10c for heavy and 10c for light;
Stags. 7®7%c; Salted Kip. 10% c: Salted
Veal. 11 %c: Salted Calf. 12% c: dry !
Hides. 17%618c; dry Kip 15c: dry Calf. 20c:
Sheepskins shearlings. 25640 c each; short
Wool. 50©'75 c each; medium. 90c65l 10: long
Wool $1 25®1 75; Horse Hides, salt. $3 for
large and $2 60 for medium, $1 50@2 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large and $1 50 for medium. $1 for small. 50c
for Colts. Buck Skins—Dry Mexican. 30c: dry
salted Mexican. 25c: dry Central American.
30c; Goat Skins—Prime Angoras. 75c; txtra
large , do. $126; large. 60c; medium. 35c; .
small. 20c.
TALLOW—No. 1 rendered 4©4% c per lb; ;
No. 2. 3He; Grease. 2% ©3c.
clip—San Joaquin and South
ern 9©llc; Southern B©9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9©llc; Middle Counties, free. 12614 c;
do defective. 10612 c; Northern, free. 12©14 c;
do defective. 10®12c; Humboldt and Mendo- 1
cino. 16618 c per lb.
HOPS— iWM crop. 25©28 c per lb; 1905 crop,
17%©lSc bid.
Meat Market.
It is a regular midwinter market, with
everything in good supply and fluctuations few
and narrow.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers :
are as follows:
BEEF—667c for Steers and 4%®6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL—Large 6%©Be: small. B©9%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers. 7®Sc; Ewes. 6%©7% c
pcs lb.
LAMB —9610 c per lb.
PORK —Dressed Hogs, 6%08%e per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40©
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers, 7%07%c: Cows and Heif- I
era, 5%@6%e; thin Cows, 4©sc per lb.
CALVES —4©4% c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP—Wethers. 3%©3% c; Ewes, 3©3% c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 50©2 75 per head.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs. 4%©4% c; ]
130 to 200 lbs 5©6% c; 80 to 130 lbs. 4%@4%c;
soft Hogs not wanted; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50' per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
; off from above quotatlona.
General Merchandise.
BAGS —Grain Bags. 5%©5% c spot and 6©
6%c for June-July; Wool Bags. 30©32 c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL—Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 50: Roslyn $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond. $8; Cumberland $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite En, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 60©13 per
ton In bulk and $15 In sacks: Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
OlLS—Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc; Linseed 55c per gallon for boiled and
63c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. L 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases, $1 10® 1 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases. 65©
: 80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels, 58c
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c: natural win
ter Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached winter
Whsle Oil. 57c;" natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil 75c: No. 1 Lard Oil.
66c; pure Neatsfoot Oil '73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil, 42c; dark Herring
Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c;
raw Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint OH. 33c; raw
Paint OH, 31c.
COAL OlL—Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
13c : Pearl OH. in cases. 19% c; Astral. 19% c:
Star. 18% c; Extra Star 22% c; Elaine, 26c;
Eocene. 21 He; Deodorised Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 16c: In cases 22% c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c: in cases, 19%%; 86-degree Gasoline, Is
bulk. 25c; In cases, 31c. »
TURPENTINE—7Sc per gallon In cases snd
69c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead. 7%©
7%c per Ib; White Lead. 7%©7% c, according:
to quantity.
SUGAR —The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6.25 c;
Powdered. 6.10e : Candy Granulated. 6.10 c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
<100-Ib bags only), 5.96 c: Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.60 c: Extra C, 6.50 c; Golden C.
5.40 c; "D." 5.30 c; barrets. 10c more; half
; barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 50-lb hags,
i 10c more for all kinds. Tablets—Half barrels,
' 6.50 c; boxes, 6.75 c: H. A E. Crystal Domlnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
: enty-flve barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, JANUARY 8.
Flour, qr sks... 8,888: Pelts, bdls 228
Wheat, ctls 670|Leather. rolls ... 46
Barley ctla 71,2t'8 Lime, bbls 374
Oats ctls 518; Paper. rolls 1.270
Beans, sks 300 Quicksilver, flsks. 85
Potatoes, sks ... 2.923! Brandy, gala 4,800
Bran, sks I.4BB!Wine, gals 84,150
Middlings, sks .. 920jHay. tons 532
Feed, sks 33' Straw. tons 16
Raisins bxs 750' Hops, bales 155
Chicory. bbls ... 251 Wool, bales 36
Hides. No 138!
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. .20.002! Potatoes, sks .... 82T
Wheat ctla 2.sooiOniona. sks 368
Barley" ctls 2,ooo'Bran, sks 3,200
EASTERN.
i Oats, ctls 500; Corn, ctls 600
STOCK MARKET.
Continued Activity In Mining Shares,
f)%hir Lead Inc.
Trading on the Stock and Bond Exchange
continued light, most of the business being in
bonds. There were no variations worthy of
note. The Comatock mining shares were again
very active on reported finds In Ophlr. but
though quotations moved up and down ' con
siderably the net changes for the day were
narrow. The Tonopahs were quiet In the
morning, but more active In tbe afternoon,
with no pronounced fluctuations. The oil
stocks continued inactive.
The total dividends paid an oil stocks listed
on the California Stock and Oil Exchange for
December. 1904, were $106,000, making a
grand total to date of $5,714,206.
The Kern River Oil Company has declared
a dividend of 10c per share, or $2000. payable |
January 16.
Dividends paid yesterday: Paciflc Lighting
Company, regular monthly 35c per share,
amounting to $14,000: Hawaiian Commercial .
and Sugar Company. 50c per share, amounting I
to $50,000: Onomea Sugar Company, regular I
monthly. 20c per share, amounting to $10.000. !
The California-atreet Cable Railroad Com
pany will pay s regular monthly dividend of ,
90c per share January 11. This Is an increase
of 15c per share over the rate heretofore paid.
The Paciflc States Telephone and Telegraph
Company will pay a regular quarterly dividend
of $1 75 per share January 16.
The First National Bank of San Frane'aco
has declared a regular semi-annual dividend
at the rate of 10 per cent per annum. Thia
with the extra Christmas dividend, makes 14
per cent for the past year.
The Osceola Copper Mining Company has de- '
dared a semi-annual dividend of $2 per share, !
payable January 27. This is $1 per share
more than pais! aix months ago.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 5—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask-i Bid. Ask.
4e qr coup. .105%108 !4s qr cp new.130%131%
cc qr reg. .105%1C6 13a qr coup... 104%106
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
AU A W ss. — — O G LAH ss. — 110
Asso Oil ss. — 86%'0 W ttd ss. — —
Bay CPC 55.101%1C2 VOce.udc 8 ss. — 71
Cal C G sa. 104% — Om Cable 6a — 122
Cal GA Eg 'Pac «: Im 4s. — 98
mA et 6s. — 84 |P A Ry 55.\104%104%
Cal-st C 55.H2 — |P A C H 68.106% —
C C Wat ss. — 98% P> O R 65.H3 — ,
' EuL A P Cs. — 128 Pcuell-st 6s. —
F A C H 65.115% — (Sac LGARSs.IOI% -
Gtary-st 55.. — 80 SF A S»JVsa.ll»% — |
H CAS 5%5:i05 — ISicjra R 6a. — —
Do 5s 101% 103 S P of A 6e
Hm R T 65.106% — (1909) 107 —
L-V Elec ss. — — | (1010) 107% —
LAG AEISs— — jS P of C6s
L A Ry 55..116%117 (10O5)Sr A.lOl 101%
LAL gtd ss. — 105%' (1906)5r B. — 103%
LAP Icm 55.101 — ! (1806) 104% —
l Mkt-st C 68.113 — i (1912) 114% —
Do Icm 55.118 — jSPC 1 eg ss. — —
MVA MtTSs. — 108 I Do etampd.loß% —
NRR of C6s.loS%lC3%iS P B R 6a.135 136
Do 6s ...119% — [S V Wat 6s. 106 — j
NP C R 65.103 — I Do 4s 2dm. 100 VI —
NC Ry 55.. — — i Do 4s 3dm. 89% —
NC P C ss. — — ! Do g mtg4s 97% —
NT R R ss. 88% — Stkn GAEOs. 93 —
Oak TCo 6s. 119% 121% UG A S ss. — —
Do 5e — — >UR of SF 4s. 87% 87%
i Do con 6s. 102% — '
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 31 (Port Costa... — —
Marin C 0... — 59%1S V Wat Co. 38% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% — S F G A BL 54% 64%
Mutual EL.— 11 'Stkn GAE. — 6%
Pac L C 0... 60 — !U G A E Co. — —
INBURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132%! L P A A... .152 —
Anglo-Cal ..88 — IMer Trust.... — 230
Bank of Ca1.420 — IMerch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp 132 — IS F National — — |
Frst Nationl 310 _ |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SA L 2330 — Say A L So.. — 100
Hum SAL. — — |Bee Say Bk. . — 424
Mutual Say. 99% — 'Union T C 0.2700 33C0
S F Say U. 610 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..205 — ! Presidio — 41
Geary — 50 I
POWDER.
' Giant 63 65 IVlgorlt 3 4% ,
BUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73% 74 Makaweli C. 32 32%
Honokaa SC — 18 i Onomea 8 C 31% 32%
Hutch SPC 15 15%'Paauhau S C 20% 20%
1 KUauea SC.— — !
MISCELLANEOUS.
I Alaska PA. 92 93% Oceanic S Co. 5 6
! Cal F C A. — 99%'Pac Aux FA. — 5%
Cal Wine A. 80 82% Pac C 80rx.157 —
MVA MtTm. 96 102 'Pac S Tel Co. 106% — i
SALEB.
Morning Session.
Board—
! 100 Central Light A Power 3tt
! 140 S F Gas A Electric 54 50
176 Spring Valley Water Co 39 00
13.000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5s 101 75
$1,000 N P C R R 5 Bar cent cash. 103 00
$2,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s. cash . 103 50
$2,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. .104 75
$26,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62%
Street—
$7,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5s 101 75
i $3,000 S P Cal Ist con 5s (stamped).loß 62%
Afternoon Session.
Board— . i
160 Hutchinson S P Co 15 00 1
5 Pacific States Tel A Tel Co. .106 50
50 8 F Gas A Electric, s 10 54 50
140 S F Gas A Electric 54 50 ,'
150 8 F Gas A Electric s 90 54 50
65 Spring Valley Water Co 38 00 1
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 55...101 87%
; 81.000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent 111 50
j 51.000 Omnibus Cable 6 per cent 121 75
i $3,000 Spring V Wat gen mtje 4a.. 97 87%
Street —
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62%
Enlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Ss.lOO — |SF ANP ss. 110 —
' B L Wat 6s. — 114% S P Co 4%5.100% —
Cat NW 55.. — 113%! Sun Tel 65...110 —
M C Wat 58.100 — I Do 5s 106% —
SF Drdk 55.112 — iSuttr-st RSs.lO4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 Mat Nay Co. 70 —
' Amer Bis Co — 90 |Nev Nat Bk 201' —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN SR R Co. — 12%
! Cal GAECor- — 51 N Cal P Co. — 9%
C Jockey CI. — 115 I Oak Bk Say. 125 —
Cal Powder.. 130 145 lOak T Con.. 76 — ,
. Cal Ship Co. — 21 HOOF Hall A 6% — i
Cal TIA T — 155 [Orpheum Co. — 16% !
Cen Bk, Oak 65 — IpscC Caa Co. 125 —
I Chutes Co .. — 6 [Pac Bur C 0.106 —
j City ACBk — 120 Paraf Paint.. 39 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6% S F Drydock — 65
| DptPwd pfd. 75 80 SFASJ Coal. 17% 20
i Do com .. — 50 IS J Wat C 0.103% —
FN Bk, Oak. 120 — 'BO A MTgbt.l2s —
Fischer Thtr — I%'Swiss-A Bk 120 —
, Fmch-A Bk.lOR 110 iTruck Elect.. 11 12%
' Hono PCo.. 27 — (Union S Co. — 30
Do pool .. — 28% UR InC pfd 65% —
LonA SF Bit 59 — 1 Do com .. 17 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
50 United Ry Inv Co pfd 65 00
California Stock and OH Exchange.
OH Stocks-* Bid. Asked.
Alma 80
, Apollo 36
! Associated Oil Co ST Cert 26 28
! California-Standard 18 19
! Caribou 700 900
! Claremont 82%
Coalinga and Paciflc 75 1 00
Esperanza 75 ....
Fauna 20
Forty « 45 47
Four 54 55
Hanford 186 00 200 00
Home 41 ....
Imperial 16 50
Independence 29 30
Junction • 18 1 20
Kern 5 75 ....
Kern (new* 30
Kern River ..., 12 60
Linda Vista 16 20
Monarch of Arizona 29
I Monte Cristo 75 *»
; Occidental of W. Va 08 09
Oil Cltj- Petroleum 67
Pittsburg 11 20
Reed Crude 2 00 2 25
Sovereign 30
Sterling 2 25
Superior 03
i Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec 25
Twenty-eight 12 00
Union 68 00
! Miscellaneous —
I Associated Oil Co Bonds... 86 00 ....
SALES
Morning Session.
! Street —
272 Associated Stock 27
Board —
' 1000 Independence 29
Afternoon Session.
! Board—
800 OH City Petroleum 68
I 500 California-Standard 19
; 930 Pittsburg y 10
Mlnln# Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on the San Fran
! Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session—Comstocks.
' 2600 Alta 05! 100 Mexican 2 20
, 700 Andes 38! 150 Ophir 7 12%
100 Belcher 28 100 Ophir 7 25
100 Best A Belch. 1 251 400 Ophir 7 87%
, 200 Bullion 34[ 106 Overman 26
100 Caledonia .... 50! 600 Overman 27
100 Caledonia .... 49 550 Potosl 2s
100 Caledonia .... 4S| 200 Potosl 27
100 Caledonia .... 47| 300 Savage 50
500 Chollar 40! 200 Savage 51
300 Con Cal A V.2 05! 500 Scorpion 24
900 Con Cal A V.2 00' 500 Seg Belcher... 08
800 Gould A Cur. 341 600 Sierra Nev 64
1 200 Gould A Cur. 35[ 300 Sierra Nev 66
> • 200 Julia CBi 700 Union Con 88
1500 Lady Wash .. OS' 600 Union Con 87
I 400 Mexican 2 15! 300 Utah 11
Afternoon Session —Comstocks.
800 Alpha 18! 500 Kentuck 03
1500 Alta 051 400 Mexican 2 15
700 Andes 36 100 Ophir 7 50
200 Belcher 29! 100 Overman St
100 Belcher 30| 600 Overman 28
100 Best A Belch.l 25i 100 Overman 28
100 Best A Belch.f 20 160 Overman ..... 17
1000 Caledonia .... 52! 100 Potest 30
100 Caledonia 53! 500 Potosl 29
300 Choliar 43 2000 Savage 51
600 Chollar 42! 100 Savage 50
500 Con Cal A V.l 95! 800 Scorpion 25
100 Con Cal A V.2 00 100 Seg Belcher... 08
200 Crown Point.. 22! 580 Seg Belcher... 07
200 Con NT 05: 500 Sierra Nev 65
100 Exchequer ... 61 200 Sierra Nev 66
100 Exchequer ... 62' 100 Silver Hill 62
100 Exchequer ... 64! 500 St. Louis 11
200 Gould A Cnr. SBi 100 Union Con 88
70 Hale A Norc.l 25 600 Union Con 88
500 Hale A* Norc.l 50: 500 Yellow Jacket. It
AUCTION SALES
j & 3^t
JAT AUCTION.
On MONDAY Jan. 9. 11 o'clock, at the IN
TERNATIONAL HORiE MARKET. 12TH and
HARRISON STS. By order of H. C. Reckart
I will sell 60 head of well-broken tuavy
draught horses snd mules, direct from his
ranch. This stock Is In good condition out
of hard work and must and will be sold.
s S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
I 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.: Bid. Ask.
Alpha 18 20 Julia 08 19
) Alta 06 O- .'u-w.os 11 12
; Andes 35 ff* Xentuek 01 04
.Belcher 2ft 31! Lady Wish . 04 08
■ Best A Belch. 1 2l> 1 30 Mexican 2 06 2 10
j Bullion .» 32 33iOccidental ... 92 95
Caledonia.... 53 54'Ophir 7007 28
' Challenge ... 28 80 Overman 27 SB
Chollar 40 41 I - » 80
Confidence ... S3 86 Scorpion 26 26
Con Cal A V.l 95 200 Savage 51 52
Con Imperial. 01 (ttßeg Belcher... 08 08
■ Con NT OS 07 Sierra Nev 62 64
Crown Point.. 22 23 Silver Hill 61 68
Eureka Con.. — Fo>St. Louis 10 15
Exchequer ... 61 63 Syndicate if< 85
E Sierra Nev 03 OSiCnion Con 86 88
Gould A Cur. 38 39 Utah 10 If
, Hale A Norc.l 40 150 Yellow Jacket. 22 25
| TONOPAH AND GOLDF'BLD STOCKS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid.Ask Bid Atk.
I Ton of Nev..10% 11 oo'Ton A Cal — 15
Mont Ton ...1 95 2 00' Ray A O'Brien OS OA
Ton Exten .. .3 00 —Paymaster ... 03 04
MacNamara .26 27'Mlxpah Ex .. 12 —
Ton Midway.. 34 35 Little Ton .. — St
Ton Belmont.. 69 70 Esperanza 01 OB
Ten N Star... 20 22' Gold Anchor.. 20 25
Ton Ohio — 25 Qulncy 11
Weet End ... 14 16(N V Ton Con. 13 14
Ton Gold Mt. 14 15' Timber Hill . 20 —
Rescue 06 071
Goldflcld.
Sandstorm ... 48 49 Black Butte.. 21 tt
Red Top .... 14 13 Booth M Co.. — IS
Goldfleld Mhk 14 l' !i ßlue Bull ... 25 tf
Columbia 27 29 Adams 10 It
Dlamondfleld. 30 32! Silver Pick ... — It
Jumbo 57 60 May Queen .. 16 —»
Jumbo Ex . . 21 22 : Nevada 80y... 17
Vernal Mln .. 13 14!Orig Bullfrog. 13 tf
Pennsylvania — lO'Rullfrog Mln . — St
Goldfleld 76 71! Blk Butte Ex 16
Kendall 25 26' South Western 60 •*%
Oakland ..... 21 23'
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran*
' Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange
Morning Session.
I lot*) Blue Bull M. 27 2000 Rescue Of
2500 Jumbo Ex .. 21! 10ft Ton Exten 3at
i s<»o Mont Ton ...1 80 60 Ton of Nev. 10 80
, 500 Oris Bullfrog. 20 1100 Ton Belmont., ft
' 1000 Red Top 14' 700 Ton Belmont., ft
2000 Rescue 081
Afternoon Session.
1000 Blue Bull M. 29,1000 Pa Goldfleld.. Of
500 Blue Bull M. 301 700 Sandstorm ... 4t
1000 Gldfld Red L. 08 500 Ton Belmont.. 89
! 1100 MacNamara . 27! 600 Ton Belmont.. TO
I 200 Mont Ton. ..1 92%! 100 Ton Exten . 8 10
500 Mont Ton .. .1 85!1100 Ton Midway.. St
500 Mor.t Ton ...1 901500 Ton N Star... tt
2000 Orlg Bullfrog. 192800 Ton N Star... 31
500 Paymaster ... 03 500 Vernal Mln .. It
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask,
Black Butte. .21 22 NY T Con M. 10 —
Blue Bull M. — 29iOrlg Bullfrog. 10 SO
Bullfrog Mm. — 6ft!Paymaster ... 02 Ot
Columbia • 22 —IPs Goldfleld.. — It
Dlamondfleld. 21 —IPine Grove .. IA —
Esperanza ... — 02 Red Top 13 14
Free Gold M. — 15 Rescue 06 07
I Goldfleld 88l — 05'Rothwell OM. 10 59
Goldfleld Mln. 70 -Sandstorm ... 48 51
i Gldfld Red I* — 06' Ton Belmont.. 6ft TO
On'iifteM Pk — 18' Ton Exten . .3 00 S 25
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Gold Mt. 14 18
Jumbo 66 s*Ton Midway.. 34 85
Jumbo Ex .. — 21! Ton r»' Nev.lo 75 11 00
Kendsll 21 — Ton N Star... 20 tl
Little Ton .. — 40 Utopia 10 —
Lucky Tom.. 04 17! Vernal Mln ..13 —
MacNamara .25 28' West End ... 14 20
Mont Ton.l 92% 1 ftTU'
FURNISHES MATERIAL
FOR CAREFUL STUDY
Electric Corporation Issues Interest
ins Map of the Central Part
of California.
The California Gas and Electrlo
Corporation has issued a large map of
Central California lithograohed in re
lief, showing: in a most comprehensive
manner the county lines, rivers, roads,
cities, towns and railway lines. The
map is also platted with the water sys
tems of the California Gas and Elec-
I trie Corporation and shows the loca
tion of the company's various power
houses and distributing stations and
its pole lines, which stretch over the
greater portion of the central part of
the State.
The map is one of the most interest
ing studies of what is being done in
Central California in distributing elec
tricity for power and lighting yurw
poses.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\SWCKUSTBDi
\ SAN FBAMOSCO STOCK)
I EXCHANGE BOARD C
Big Board " \
\ \ Aas dectdcxTtv List the tedding*
i IsJTOCXJ in the cttWr districts. \
\ \ REGULAR CA LL ****** **1
OCEAN TRAVEL.
® Steamers of company, oft
for which It ia agent, liasl
P see » and 11, Son Fresx
For Ketchikan. Wrasse*,
Juneau, Treadwell. HaJsss*
Skaguay, etc.. Alaska—ll aw
m., Jan. 5, 10. 18. 30. 25. 9%
Feb. 4. Chance to this com
pany's steamers at Seattla
For Victoria, Vancouver, Port TownseasV
Seattle Tacoma, Everett. South Belllnghag,
Belllngham—ll a m., Jan. 6, 10. 15. 20. 25. SO*
■ Feb 4. Change at Seattle to this company**
• steamers for Alsaka and O. N. Ry.; at SeatUa
o.- Taccma to N. P. Ry.; st Vancouver tS>
C P Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona 1:84)
!p. m. Jan. 6 H. I. 23, 29. Feb. 4. Corosnv
I 1:30 p m.. Jan. 2. 8. 14/50. 26. Feb. ft.
1 For Los Angeles (vta Port Los Angeles SS4
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 am.
State of California. Thursdaya. 8 a m._
For Loa Angeles (via San Pedro and Bast
1 San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cms, Mso
'■ tcrey, San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
i Coos Bay 9 a m.. Jan. 6. 14. £1, 30. Feh. T,
Santa Crux (freight only). 8 a. m., Jan. X
, 10. 18, 26. _
1 For Ensensda. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
jfa bo. Masatian. Altate, La Pax. Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas (Mex.), 10 s. m., 7th of each month,
t For further information obtain folder. Right
! Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates,
i " TIOKBT OFFICES—4 New Montgotn
l cry st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St., and Rroad
way wharves. Freight Offl.cs. 10 Market st,
C D DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. Ssn Francisco*
i The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
i residences. Telephone Exchange 312
6CCMICSc.S.CI.
i g s SIERRA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.* Thurs., Jan. 12. 1906. 2 pm.
i S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Jan. 21, 11 am
i S. 8. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Feb. 7. 11 a S3.
:: J.B.SPRECIELS4 BROS, CO., A£U.Tkl6t offlCB6U iv
!: ifl. Frags! OICJ 387 ftrttt St, PUT 7. PiClti t
I COXPACM.E aCKIXIUB TBAHSATLAIfTIQOI,
, DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—PARIS fjfcls)
Sailing every Thursday Instead of eJWfyßm
Saturday at 10 am., from Pier 42. *sbsbb^bb»
North River, foot of Morton st.
; First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. OBN
! ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STAIES AXO
. CANADA. 32 Broadway (Halson building).
New York. J F FT GAZI A X>.. PactOc Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San FranclsOO,
; Tickets sold by all Railroad Tick-it Asvnts
11 For V. S. Wavy Yard and Yallajo.
Strs. General Friable. Monticello and Arrow,
» 915 am 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 0 p.m.. 840
\ p.m.- Sundays. 9:45 a.m.. 12:30 noon. 6 pm..
t 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:34)
p m., 3:15 p.m. (*5:45 p.m. Saturday). 0 p m.
i Sundays. 7 am.. 9 a.m.. 8:20 p.m.. 0 p.m. Pier
> 2 foot Mission st.; übono Main 1508. HATCH
! BROS.
1516
MARKS BROS.
MARKS BROS.' I
Clearance Sale
NOW IN PROGRESS..
Here Are 3 Big
Leaders for To-Day
flA nnel /f /Ufiti
FLANNELETTE PETTICOAT, like cut.
made with flounce SCALLOPED IN
- SILK; hH colors.
MERCERIZE! > SATEEN PETTICOAT,
like cut. made with DEEP ACCORDEON
PLAITED FLOUNCE, finished with
RIFFLE.
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1224 Market St.
Australians Entertain.
The Australian Coo-ec Club grave a
splendid entertainment last night at
Odd Fellows' Hall. Dr. Isidore Myers
was in the Chair. The whole of the
programme was given by Australians,
ihe entertainers being J. H. Pollard.
F. J. Frair. M. Michelson. Dr. Nagel.
O. Rices, W. W. Willis, S. Goldstein.
Madame Cas-Hamber, Miss Violet
Kohn and Miss M. London. The Coo
ee Club decided to visit Fischer's
Theater next Thursday night in honor
of Oliver Ashton, an Australian who
is now appearing there, and on the
second Thursday in February the
members will again meet at Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
Reduction Sale of Chil
dren's Woolen Dresses
(Ages 4 to 14 years) , '
Will Continue To-Day and To-Morrow
The lint* embraces imported and domestic
models as well as those made in our own
workrooms. All are this season's styles.
Note the following reductions:
CHILDREN'S DRESSES of all-wool cashmere, fadW
cloth and granite cloth; black only; sizes 8 and 10 d»fl Qf\
years only; $5.00 to $8.50 values reduced to 4>l. J\J
CHILDREN'S DRESSES of woolen cashmere: trim
med with lace, taffeta and braid; ages 8 to 14 fa f\f\
years. $3.50 values reduced to 4>£.UU
WOOLEN CASHMERE DRESSES —Trimmed with
lace and taffeta; ages 8 to 14 years. $5.50 val- r/v
ues reduced to 4>&.3U
CHILDREN'S DRESSES—Of all-wool fancy tweed mix
tares, neatly trimmed; ages 3 to 14 years. $7.50 C 3 *7C
values reduced to 4?0.f 3
FANCY RUSSIAN and ONE-PIECE DRESSES—
An assortment of about 36 styles; ages 8 to 14 CC AA
years. $7.50 and $10.00 models reduced to 4*3. UU
CHILDREN'S DRESSES—lmported models for street
wear; m Russian, sailor and one-piece effects. C 7 CA
$13.00 and $15.00 models reduced to. mt »2rV
CHILDREN'S DRESSES—For party and street wear
ages 6 to 14 years. $18.00 and $22.00 values re- tf*m g\g\
duced to JiU.UU
CHILDREN'S DRESSES—lmported model,; lieht col
orings, for party and street wear; ages 10 to 14 CIC AA
years. $2.5.00 to $3.5.00 models reduced to 4>l J.UU
CHILDREN'S WOOLEN DRESSES-Imoorted mod
els; made of fine cloth and fancy. light-weight woolens
handsomely trimmed, lined throughout with silk; ages 10 to
12 years. $.50.00 and $70.00 models reduced to j£2s QQ
In addition, the remaining stock of CHIL
DREN'S and MISSES' COATS, HATS, CAPS and
BOYS' RUSSIAN SUITS, with bloomer trousers,
will be sacrificed regardless of former values.
Also vast reductions in CHILDREN'S WOOL
EN DRESSES, ages 1 to 7 years.
918-922 Market St. "o Branch Stores.
POLICE BOARD
LURING THEM
Drs. Poheim and Drucker and
John O'Brien Are Strug
gling for Appointment
A PRETTY FIGHT IS OX
Mayor Favorable to Rela
tive and Friend, but Medi
cos Are Strongly Backed
A pretty three-cornered fight was j
j being waged yesterday for the Po- j
! lice Commissionershlp which becomes I
! vacant next Monday owing to the ex
; piration of the term of Police Com- !
' missloner Howell. The three men who |
appear to be the most formidable can- j
1 didates for the post are John O'Brien, j
I a salesman for Roth & Co., the j
j liquor merchants; Dr. Joseph Poheim
of the Board of Health and Dr. George
Drucker, former member of the Board j
!of Education and ex-member of the
j Grand Jury.
John O'Brien is a new Richmond in
! the field and is related to the Mayor
jby marriage. The Mayor is desirous
iof having a personal friend on each
of the municipal boards and com-
I missions, and the Police Commission
lis the only one upon which such is
I not the case. His Honor is very kind
ly disposed toward O'Brien and the
i family influence is being strongly ex- \
! erted in O'Brien's behalf.
On the other hand the friends of i
Dr. Poheim have not lost all hope ,
that he will be the next Police Com
missloner notwithstanding the Mayor's j
recent declaration that he would re- j
appoint Poheim on the Board of j
Health. Poheim has the backing of
Abe Ruef for the office and political |
pressure of the strongest kind is be- j
ing exerted in his behalf.
Then again the friends of Dr. \
George Drucker are making valiant
efforts to secure the plum for their |
favorite. In fact one of the political
powers acknowledged that Drucker j
has brought Influences to bear thati
cannot be ignored. Drucker is strong
ly backed by the "Horses and Carts," '
which wing of the Democratic party
has rendered good service to Mayor
Schmitz in the hour of need. This is <
the situation oh the Police Commis- j
sionership fight as it stood yesterday, j
although Arthur Dudley Cross and G. j
M. Roy are said to be still in the
j running.
Thomas F. Egan still seems to have
j the inside track for Commissioner of ;
j Public Works and things look rosy j
I for William H. Metson for the Park
l Commissionershlp. Commissioners
Altmann. Wreden, Voorsanger and
Rogers will be reappointed and Alex
ander O'Grady Is slated for secretary i
of the Police Commission.
Royal Arch Holds Installation.
San Francisco Lodge No. 2 of the 1
Knights of the Royal Arch held Its an
nual Installation Wednesday night in
Eagles' Hall. Grand Valiant Commander
I Theodore Lunstedt was the presiding
officer at the ceremonies. The annual
report showed that there were more
than 1000 members belonging to the I
order and that there was $10,000 in
the treasury'- The next State conven
tion of the order will be held In Sac
ramento in April of this year.
WANTS PAT FOR FINGER.—James L. j
Scanlan. who was employed as a miner by '
the Stsuffer Chemlcsl Company at Leona
Heights, Alameda County, yesterday buf ' for
$10,608 damages for the loss of a fing». by
the tilting- of a car of ore which he was
dumping. The accident, he says, was caused
by the defective condition of the track.
THE SAN FKANIISLQ CALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY 6, 1905.
BLANCHE BATES
AS PLAYWRIGHT
Accomplished Actress Ap
pears in Own Clever Come
dietta "3ly Aunt's Advice"
PLAYLET FULL OF FUN
Versatility Shown in Her
Production at Same Mati
nee of "Madame Butterfly"
Blanche Bates made her debut as
I playwright yesterday afternoon at the
Grand Opera-house, when her come
dietta, "My Aunt's Advice," written in
collaboration with George Arliss, was
1 presented. The piece is in one act and
j highly amusing, though it fails to con- I
' vince. The story is a good one, but !
i the vague drawing of one of the three
I characters concerned makes it largely j
implausible,
j Mr. and Mrs. Middleton, married j
three months, and Dick Richards, a i
i guest of the house for the same length |
of time, are discovered. Mrs. Middle- j
ton is tired of the situation and is de- j
sirous of getting rid of the intruder
in the conjugal tete-a-tete. The stu- j
pidity and rudeness of the friend —Mr.
Ormonde makes him both stupid and
rude in the beffhining—renders Mrs. j
Middleton's desire explicable. Her hus
band's desire for his continual com- i
pany is less easily explainable. Mr. and
' Mrs. Middleton have "words'* about the j
i man. But Mrs. Middleton has an aunt j
! who knows things. To her the young ;
j wife has confided the situation. Louisa j
J —the aunt—adviseB a flirtation with the
I gentleman after the manner of a cer- i
j tain chapter by Le Sage In the "His
| tory of Gonzales." This by letter.
Mrs. Middleton, seeing that her hus-
I band is Impossible of conviction, pro- i
I ceeds to take the advice of aunt. She J
! confesses, a la Gonzales, an overpower- j
; ing passion for her husband's friend, i
i bidding him "Fly!" Very funny is the
| friend's reception of the announce- |
| ment as done by Mr. Ormonde, still j
1 as the stupid though now polite friend.
He promises to fly. with a delightfully J
■ complacent glance in the mirror at his j
fatal beauty. But after Mrs. Middle
too has left the room he picks up and .
; reads Aunt Louisa's explanatory let- ]
ter! Here he becomes the cad. Then j
j he plans revenge in a humorous and j
! Imaginative fashion quite at variance j
! with what has heretofore been seen of j
j him. That kind of man would not .
I have been third in a honeymoon.
Still, when Mrs. Middleton returns,
and Richards, whom she had thought
gone, returns to make a burning dec
laration of his hidden passion, in
phrase a la Dumas the younger, the
situation is distinctly hilarious. Mean
time her husband has demanded an ex- j
planation of his friend's departure. !
Mrs. Middleton has insinuated Rich- !
ards* guilty passion. Middleton then
follows the supposed would-be de
stroyer of his peace. He returns to find
Richards In the middle of his mock;
declaration. But why Mr, Richards j
should imagine that Middleton would j
see through the pretense gets me. The
curtain, however, goes down on Mrs.
Middleton with her head on Mr. M.'s |
I shoulder and Richards waving them
a valedictory adieu. Yet one laughed all
j through.
Blanche Bates, as Mrs. Middleton.
was welcome in her good American
gown, again looked charming and did j
I everything for the part. Mr. Or- >
monde also did what he could and Mr. j
McGrane as Middleton filled in satis
factorily.
It was a far cry from this to the
"Madame Butterfly" that followed, the
"Madame Butterfly" with which
Blanche Bates has been so famously j
connected. Anew, the play touched, de- j
lighted, thrilled. It is a little classic,
and Miss Bates' Cho Oho San a thing j
of sheer beauty. The actress was un- J
fortunate yesterday in Baby Gertrude !
Slavin's defection. A small yelp from j
the wings was all of Miss Slavin that
made its appearance. The piece was j
played without "Baby Trouble," and
those that have seen it will understand j
the unfortunate difference.
But Miss Bates was a delight
throughout. Her performance was !
cameo-like in Its finish and fine- j
ness. Yet there was color, exquisite
color. She realized with happiest In
stinct the tielicate pathos, gayety, ra- !
cial charm of the character. Its touch
ing patience, sweetness, faith, dignity,
delightful coquetry were all pictured
with a. sure and admirably reserved
art. But one forgot the art In the ex- .
quislte humanness of the portrait. It'
was not Blanche Bates before us, but a j
little butterfly of a "Japanese wife." !
who happened to have a soul. We gave
tears to her grief, and as many, per- j
haps, to her pathetic faith in the man
that had deserted her. You will hardly ! 1
find a thing more artistic, more subtly
realistic, or more charming than Miss ;
Bates' Madame Butterfly. ! <
Ada Lewis was a distinct addition to
the illusion as Suzuki, the maid; Mr. !
Ormonde's Sharpless was wholly in the
picture, and Albert Brunlng, as the ',
would-be Japanese husband, was a sat- \
Isfying brown man. The American
wife, with Miss Leslie Preston, came
Just as crudely as It always does. But, i
then, that was not Miss Preston's fault I
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Dice Throwing for Cigars Legal.
A • misconception having arisen in
the minds of some policemen as to an
ordinance published in the Police I
Bulletin last Tuesday regarding shak
ing dice for money, Chief Wittman in | '
yesterday's issue of the Bulletin ex- ' !
plains that the ordinance does not ap- ,
ply to shaking dice for drinks or cl- J i
gars. Some policemen had notified j :
saloonkeepers on their beats that they t
must not allow shaking dice for drinks ' '
or cigars and the Chief expresses sur- j i
prise at their stupidity in so constru- •
ing the ordinance.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A LOVELY COMPLEXION
New York Lady Proves That
Every Woman May
Have It By
USING CUTICURA SOAP
Mrs. R. Reichenberg, wife of the
well-known jeweller Fulton St.,
New York, says: "I had a friend who
was justly proud of her complexion.
When asked what gave her such a
brilliant and lovely complexion, she
replied, 'A healthy woman can be sure
of a fine akin if she will do aa I do,
use plenty of Cuticura Soap and
water.' She insisted that I follow her
example, which I did with speedy con
viction. I find that Cuticura Soap
keeps the skin soft, white, and clear,
and prevents redness and roughness."
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
— "" ' 1 " ' '
f Like Finding Money! 1
f Our holiday business was simply enormous, the biggest we ever experienced, consequently many I
lof our most desirable lines are now what we would term "singles"—sold down to single suits,; nd the j j
I price we name on them for this Friday and Saturday is almost like finding money.
i The prices we are going to quote are merely two samples of what we are doing. You will find the ;
I same values prevailing throughout the house wherever there are odds and ends, and wherever you i
£ find them, it is like finding money.
I $5.00 SAILOR SUITS... { $6.00 TOURIST
j Sizes 2& 3. 4 and S NORFOLK SUITS... f
Have you a Swagger kW\
$1.95 $3.50 11 .
To* Suit 'The Suit $
$ 6 Two-Piece Suits ' \
f I s:e B '-«- $3.50 iSt ]
i That's Like That's Like {
Finding Money Finding Money I
WINE MAKERS
OBJECT TO TAX
»
California Viticultural Club
Petitions Authorities to
Help the Young Industry
The California Viticultural Club held
an animated meeting yesterday with
the idea of taking steps to protest
against the proposed internal revenue
tax on sweet wines, which Commis
sioner Yerkes has recommended in his
annual report.
A set of resolutions embodying the
protest was drawn up and copies were
forwarded to the President of the
Senate and to the Speaker of the As
sembly at Sacramento with the re
quest that the same be adopted by
both branches of the Legislature. The
resolutions follow:
Whereas, Commissioner Yerkes of the In
ternal Revenue Bureau, In his annual report
to the Congress of the United States recom
mends the it-vying of a minimum tax upon the
grape brandy now used in the fortification of
sweet wine manufactured within the United
States amounting to 25 cents per proof gallon,
and which tax Is equivalent to not less than
5 bents per wine gallon on the sweet wine
manufactured; and
Whereas, California being essentially a grape
producing State and the largest producer of
sweet wines manufactured within the United
States*, and
Whereas, The imposition of such a tax would
work incalculable Injury to an Industry In
which there la Involved over $80,000,000, and
which amount was invested with the Inspira
tion that the sweet wins laws of the nation
would be continued In their Integrity; and
Whereas, The Industrial business Interests of
California, In conventions assembled, have
strongly protested against such a tax, declaring
that Its Imposition will virtually destroy the
sweet wine Industry of California, and have
appealed to the Legislature to strengthen the
protests an a Inst such a tax; therefore be it
Resolved, That the Senate and Assembly
of the State of California concur In these ex
pressions of opinion and recommend Cali
fornia's representation in Congress to ener
getically oppose the enactment of such a meas
urc, and further to petition the President of
the United States, Theodore Roosevelt, to
veto any law levying such a tax, as an enact
ment of that character would injure the busi
ness Interests of California many millions of
lollars and wipe out the viticultural interests
vt this State and retard the State's progress,
while no material Increase can accrue to the
revenue of the General Government by ths
Imposition of a tax upon sweet wines manu
factured within the United States, as the busi
ness from which such tax Is expected will
sntlrely disappear; and be it further
Resolved, That the Governor of the State
jf California. George C. Pardee, be and he
s hereby requested to have transmitted to
he President of the United States, to each
Senator and Congressman representing the
State of California in the national Congress
i copy of this petition st the earliest pos
ilble moment.
ANIMATED MEETING.
The meeting was an animated one.
rohn Swett presided and E. H. Twight.
vas secretary. Nearly everybody pres
ent took a hand in the proceedings, and
here was but one opinion expressed re
rarding the proposed tax.
The members were nearly all practi
:al grape growers and manufacturers
>f wine. They declared that the Droar
•ess of viticulture in this State would
>c destroyed by the adoption of Com
nissioner Yerkes' recommendation
hat a minimum tax of 25 cents a proof
rallon be levied upon the grape brandy
ised in the fortification of sweet wines,
rhis would be equivalent to not less
han 5 cents a wine gallon on the sweet
REV. W. M. REILLY IS
CONFINED TO HIS HOME
Rector of St. Paul's Church Suffering
From Indisposition, but His Con
dition Is Not Serious.
The Rev. W. M. Reilly, rector of
St. Paul's Church, California street
near Fillmore, has been indisposed for
some days and since his sermon on
j Christmas day has been confined to
his room.
On Christmas eve the Rev. Mr.
j Reilly was the recipient of a
j beautiful gold watch, which was pre-
I sented to him by Miss Beatrice Fife
jon behalf of the parishioners. Ac
-1 companying the watch was a parch
ment, on the upper corner of which
is a water color miniature of St. Paul's
Church, designed by Harry Hedger,
bearing the inscription: "Presented to
Dr. William Maxwell Reilly this
Christmas eve, December the twenty
fourth, in the year of our Lord nine
teen hundred and four, by his parish
ioners in token of their esteem and af
fection."
Mrs. Reilly last night said that the
Rev. Mr. Reilly was much improved,
although still confined to the house.
Peter Barnnm Pott's Unicycle Stunt
demonstrates that a rolling boy may
gather a great deal of trouble. In
Next Sunday's Call—Comic Section.
Father Charles Lathrop Lectures.
Father Charles N. Lathrop gave the
first of a series of four lectures under
the auspices of the Catholic Club last
I night at the Occidental Hotel. He
used for his subject "The History of
the Mass and the Reservation of the
Blessed Sacrament." Edward Adams,
the president of the club, acted as
chairman of the meeting.
+ *
wines manufactured. California is the
leading sweet-wine-making State in
the Union. Sherry and port are the
leading wines In this production.
Sherry is largely used by druggists in
compounding their medicines and is
also largely used for medicinal pur
poses. Brandy is one of* the prominent
factors in the production of these
wines.
BRANDY IN SWEET WINE.
About three-fourths of. the brandy
produced in this State is used in the
production of sweet wine. Brandy is
taxed at the rate of $110 per gallon of
the alcohol contained in it. For the
purpose, however, of aiding the domes
tic sweet-wine industry, the statute re
mits the tax on brandy used in forti- i
fying sweet wine. In his recent reDort.
however, the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue recommends the reimoosition
of the tax on brandy used in the man
ufacture of sweet wines, or at least that
there be collected a minimum tax of 25 j
cents per proof gallon of the alcohol in |
the brandy.
Winemakers say that this would re
sult in a tax of $1,000,000 per annum. ;
and this young industry at its present '
volume cannot stand it.
Percy W. Morgan, George W. Peltier ;
and-M. A. Tarpey were among the lead- ;
Ing spirits of the meeting. Among oth
ers who took part in the proceedings
were: W. W. Phillips. Burton A.
Towne, Frank J. Swett, M. F. Tarpey,
A. B. Tarpey, Hermann C. Esrgers. J.
E. Colla, Victor Piezzi. William Mait
land. F. A. Haber. D. H. Whitmore. E.
D. Gillett. A. Lachmann. Henry Edgar
ton, Joseph S. Wyland, W. A. Beard.
Richard Wheeler, J. A. Filcher. Colo
nel J- P. Irish and John Markley 1
GADSKI CHARMS
WITH VARIED
PROGRAMME
The second of the Gadski .recital
drew an even larger audience than th'
first to the Alhambra last evening
Both were more than good for the tim<
o' year. Last night's programme lacke<
much of being as the first evening's
Naturally, also, the singer was not ii
quite the inspired mood of Tuesda:
night. But when the gods give us Gad
j ski in any mood we may be thankful.
By the way. My bad script is doubt
less responsible for my being made t<
say in Wednesday morning's criticisn
that Gadski's voice lacks power. Wha
I did say was that Gadski's highei
notes lack fullness and quality. Per
haps this was even more discernible
last evening, one feeling the voca
strain when there was any demand foi
climax in the far upper range. It seemi
that since her appearance here in open
these notes have somewhat suffered
but there is a corresponding gain ir
the remarkable beauty of the lowei
compass. But it is a beautiful voice
and how she is blessed In its use!
Gadski did not begin really to "sing'
last night until her encore to the sec
ond group of songs, the "Still as th<
Night." The usual aria from "Samsor
et Delila" preceded this, handsomelj
enough sung. She gave then a grouj
of Brahms lieder, that included th«
"Feldeinsamkeit," the lovely "Vor,
Ewiger Liebe," and the "Slumbei
Song"—charmingly given. Part second
of the programme was devoted tc
American composers. Perhaps it was
this that rather indisposed the singer!
They were not our best songs, though,
Madame,and they came humbly enough
between Brahms and Wolf. Parker's
"Hora Novlssima" is, however, an aria
to arouse patriotism. It is a splendid
song and was admirably treated by the
singer. Hammond's "Cupid Wings"
was rather amazing fare on a Gadski
programme, and amazingly, also, was
encored. The Rider-Possart "Christ
mas Night" followed. Then came
MacDowell's "The Clover" and a simple
and charming little ballad, "Airly Bea
con," also encored. Nevin's "Night
ingale Song" followed and was encored,
After that Madame began to sing!
Her "Still as the Night" was adorably
sung, palpitating with the essential
musical thrill. So was the Wolf "Ver
borgenheit," the delightful "Kinder
li*der" of Taubert with their artless
humor; the two Strauss songs, "Traum
Durch die Dammerung" and "Caecilie."
She was finally encored and gave a
stunning "Erlkonig," though not with
quite the breathless sweep of the
Tuesday evening rendering.
Mr. Meyrowitz showed himself again
the miraculous accompanist. I have
never seen him bettered—don't know
how he could be. And it is very good
fun to hear him direct Wamer at the
piano. It was the "Meistersinger"
prelude last night, and mighty interest
ing in its orchestral grasp. The Satur
day matinee will be all Wagner. Gad
ski and Wagner! How's that?
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
INJURED IN BATHS.—JuIia Dunn yester
day sued the Olympic Salt Water Company for
damages for personal Injuries alleged to
have been sustained on November 7 at the
baths on Seventh and Mission streets She
says that a ventilating or drainage trap in
the corridor of the baths had been left open
by the attendants and she stepped into it and
mrarn hni)»d anil r~« •V, a H
Jacob A. Rils Will Lecture.
Jacob A. Riis, the noted writer and
reformer, will lecture at the Alham
bra Theater on Monday evening l , Jan
uary 9. His subject will be "Tony's
Hardships," dealing with the prob
lems of the city street boy. Reserved
seats will be on sale this morning at
Sherman & Clay's.
Burnett** Kxt ract of Vanilla la tbe
standard everywhere. Sold by beat trocars. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
loo PKG. CRYSTAL SALT 8c.
Best Cane Sugar, 100-lb. sack..... 35.40
Extra fine dry granulated. 50c below trust
price.
FAVORITE CATSUP, tOc
Parlor Brooms, anion made, st Ste
Polished hardwood handle; light, durable.
Worth 35c.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE, 2 BOTTLES~26c
Java sad Mocha Coffee, lb S8s
Best grade; perfect cup qualities. Usually 35c.
TAPIOCA OR SAGO. 7 LBS. 26c.
Butter, Clover Valley, square SOs
For table and cooking 1 . Usual size.
5~CANS BEST TOMATOES tSo.
Mission Tigs, fine eating, 3 lbs 8Bo
Large, tender and Juicy. Grown by Dr. Kelsey.
GHIRARDBLLIS CHOCOLATE, CAX 23c.
Prsaoh Prunes, largest siss. 4 lbs 85s
I Thin skin, small pit. For health. Usually
lOe lb.
BANNER LYE~10c CAN at 5a.
Benillsne Soap, 6 large bars SBo
Twice the value of Fels* Naptha and does not
chap the hands.
. QT. BOTTLE BEST SALAD OIL 15c!
Baps Claret, gallon 35a
Three-year-old table wine. 3 gals. fl.OO.
j IMPERIAL PORT OR SHERRY. GAL. <5cT
: Old Government Whisky. SI bottle. . 72c
All high-grade liquors at cut prices.
j GOOD RANCH EGOS. DOfc. 80c! \~
11001 FiUmtS-c~ U9 Taylor
Parte 183 Phone Howard 1021
J s
| H. S. BRIDGE & CO., ||
MERCHANT TAILORS, h
BXKOVEO TO %■
\\\ 112 Sutter Streets. I
SAN PBANCZSCO.
| Novelties in Imported Wear. |;
Cveys. Remember the Full Name
axative Rromo f\ramae
Cares a Colo in One Day, Grlpm 2 Days
UlJllO ?- k catafogu e e. tPriCe8 -
, UVllV SHREVE* BARBER CO.,
I 739 Msrket at. and Sn
Kearny at