THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hours ending midnight. Febru
ary 8:
Warn Francisco and vicinity —
Thursday; light north winds.
A. O. McADtE,
District Forecaster.
VOITM' \.\li_xo. 71.
JORDAN ADMITS HE BRIBED SENATORS
— . , ,, — _
JORDAN, the man who was said to have acted as the agent of building and loan corporations and purchased immunity from
investigation at the hands of the Legislature from four members of the Senate, confessed last night that he had handled the bribery
money, and as such agent paid over to Senators French, Emmons, Wright and Bunkers, members of the committee appointed to investigate
certain corporations,s3so each. He verified in every detail the statements of the detectives employed by the corporations The confession was
obtained only after counsel for the accused Senators had made every effort to keep Jordan off the stand.
TALE OF CORRUPTION TOLD BY GO-BETWEEN
AGENT'S CONSCIENCE
IS UNABLE TO CARRY
THE BURDEN OF GUILT
j
.
SAVES HIMSELF AT EXPENSE OF OTHERS
Emmons, French, Wright and:
Bunkers Sell Their Hon- !
or for $350.
•
RAM EN rp, Feb. 8. — Joseph S. Jordan has confessed and the doors of the peniten
tiary swing open for Senators Frank French and Harry Bunkers of San Francisco, E. J. Km- •
s of Bakcrsfick) and Eli Wright of San Jose. District Attorney A. »M. Seymour of Sacra
ment* > lias fought to successful issue the greatest battle of the scandal and the criminal courts have
their prey. Backed in force by counsel the guilty >ought to-night by every means
their power to reach the witness chair, there under oath tc make such explanation as they
oi the terrible charge of which they now stand convicted and then to laiigh at the laVs
intainers and- heal iheir wounded honor with the guinea's jingle. But to-night all the good, red
- cannot dispel theii terror of the fate they see ahead.
nfession of Jordan astounded a majority of the great audience that jammed the Sen
iiamber to suffocation. Character witnesses had been telling that Detectives Tichenor and
Hartling. who first pointed the linger of accusation at the alleged boodlers were men of good
racter and known veracity and integrity.
EMMONS UNABLE TO STAND THE STRAIN.
The audience saw a dull session ahead when it was announced that Senator Emmons would
kI. to be followed by the rest of the accused, to nail under oath the sworn charges
them a- rankest perjury. Once under oath the accused would have been absolved from pros
ition for bribery under provisions of the law framed to induce men to confess when guilty of
i! ways proved with difficulty. Bui they were to be denied this privilege. Dis
id 'Attorney Seymour ro^e and demanded that the committee do not thus sacrifice the rights of
; tate: that the fate of the accused be reserved for the decision of courts that alone could mete
out to them just punishment for their crimes.
jiit. and a tremendous burst of applause marked the temper of the audience.
Emmons, who had hastened to the witness chair when his name was first called, sat for a moment in
bewilderment mopping his forehead with a handkerchief, and then rose and made his way out of
the chamber, accompanied by his wife, who hastened here to aid him when he first stood accused of
"he sympathy of the entire audience was hers, but what little there was for her husband
ted from her. Bunkers sat. his face aflame with excitement; the features of Wright were
ashen ; French was sullen in the face of the adverse turn the case had taken.
JORDAN DISPELS THEIR LAST HOPE.
And then .came Joseph S. Jordan to the stand. With a clear voice he tore .aside the last
remnant of defense that remained for the accused and they stood exposed beyond possibility of
(icten-c. Jordan told in every detail as to the manner in which he received the gold that bought
race lor Bunkers, Emmons, French and Wright from the hands of the detective set to trap
them. He told how he paid the Senators the sums they demanded to carry out their dishon
orable compact to protect the men that parted with the price of their dishonor, but he varied in
one important particular from the testimony introduced by the prosecution.
Clarence Grange, manager of the Phoenix Building and Loan Association, who raised the
purse with which the boodlers were trapped, testified that Jordan first came to him and told him
that the Committee on Commissions and Retrenchment was organized and open for business
and it was then he conceived the idea of ending the public careers of the men that sought to
blackmail him. With other building and loan men he proceeded, he testified, to place the mat
ter in the hands of Gavin McNah. attorney for the Continental, and success waited on their efforts.
SAYS GRANGE SUGGESTED BRIBERY.
Jordan testified to-night that it was not he but Grange that first rnised the question as to
whether the committee could l>e bought, and that it was in obedience to Grange's instructions that
he went to «^ee the men he picked out of the committee as corruptible and entered into the compact
. >r a stated sum they would protect the Phoenix. Renters and Pacific States companies, the Pa
lates refusing later to enterthe scheme of entrapment. It was also, he said, at Grange's sug
l that he inquired of the now -convicted Senators how much it would cost to protect the Con
inental. and that in answer the boodlers told him they could not do it for less than $10,000 — that
too hard a fight wa* being directed against the institution.
There is no question but Jordan has escaped the consequences of his acts as a lobbyist and
briber of legislators, but whether he will escape prosecution for perjury yet remains to be deter
mined. Mr. Grange is not in a temper to be trifled with and Jordan has cast the lie fairly and
xjuareh at him. But it is thought that Jordan's disgrace is sufficient punishment for him and
that Grange will be willing to let the question of veracity between him and Jordan rest for final
ston with the great jury of public opinion.
District Attorney Seymour said to-night that no arrests would be made before to-morrow,
when the Grand Jury would resume its investigation of the bribery cases. It is presumed that that
body will at once return indictments against the four accused Senators, or against Bunkers and
Emmpßfi, anyway.
When the hearing was finished to-night many spectators thronged the corridor outside the
Senate chamber, expecting that some of the accused men would be taken into custody at that time,
but no arrest was made.
The four Senators are closely watched by detectives, so that none of them will be able to
escape from Sacramento.
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1905.
COUNSEL MAKE
BITTER FIGHT
FOR ACCUSED
Try to Save Clients
by Use ol Law's
Technicalities.
EXCITING SCENE
*
Chance to Make a
Sworn Statement
Is Denied Them.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. B.— After an
hour's weary work examining witnesses
that testified to the good character of
Detectives Tichenor and Hartling, the
great climax of the bribery scandal was
reached to-night. The prosecution had
announced that it had exhausted its
list of the character witnesses, but that
more would probably be in on the late
train. Then the defense announced that
it would go on with its case. Attorney
Cator said he would call Senator Em
mons to the stand, and later the rest ot
the accused, that they might disprove
the grave charges against them. Then
the sensation came. District Attorney
Seymour of Sacramento, who had not
appeared before to take part In the
proceedings, took a place near the
desks of the committee and said:
SEYMOUR OBJECTS,
"I object to the effort here to swear
j these accused Senators. I do not care
what may be my opinion of the merits
of the charges that have been lodged
here, it is apparent to every man that
a grave offense against the laws of the
State has been committed and that
crimes denounced by the penal statutes
were consummated."
Cator leaped to his feet before Sey
mour could proceed further and said:
"I have the highest respect for the
District Attorney of this county, and
agree that if he wishes to address him
self to the legal status of this case he
has the right, but I say that it is highly
improper that he should in any man
ner express an opinion or refer to the
evidence in the case. If he is ready to
present any reason why this case
should not proceed let him do so. I
cannot believe from past statements
that he has made that he would do
anything to prejudice the interests of
the accused. No one supposes that
these men are going to ran away."
Senator Simpson of the committee
NEWSPAPER MAN TVHU CONFESSED THA^ HE GAVK RRIRK Mf'N'F.V TO
MEMBKRS OF THE BEN ATE TO PURCHASE IMMINITY FROM INVESTI
GATION, AND THK DISTRICT ATTORNEY OF SACRAMENTO COUNTY.
Boodlers Receive
Marked Notes.
here entered the controversy and
moved that Seymour be given the right
to proceed. The motion carried and the
District Attorney continued:
"If Mr. Cator will listen as patiently
to me as I did to him I will soon show
this committee why these men should
not be sworn. I will say. if Mr. Cator
objects to my remarks heretofore made,
that there is reasonable cause to be
lieve that a srrave offense has been
committed by two at least of the ac- j
cused men. and they should be placed
on trial in the criminal courts for their
acts.
"What would be the legal effect if
they are sworn here?
CITES THE CODE,
"Section 304 of the Political Code, |
bearing directly on this case, will free
these men from any prosecution what
ever if they are sworn here. This sec
tion reads as follows:
" 'No person sworn and examined bo
fore either house of the Legislature or
any committee thereof can be held to
answer criminally or be subject to any
penalty for forfeiture for any fact or
act touching which he is required to
testify; nor is any statement made or
any paper produced by any such wit
ness competent evidence in any crimi
nal proceeding against such witness;
nor can such witness refuse to testify
to any fact or to produce any paper
touching which he is examined, for the
reason that his testimony or the pro
duction of such paper may tend to dis
grace him or render him infamous.
Nothing in this section exempts any
witness from prosecution and punish
' THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Are You a Mason
CALIFORNIA— 'The Mummy and th«
Humming Bird."
COLUMBIA— "The Dictator."
CKNTRAL— "A Fight for Millions."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FlSCHEß'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND — "Mother Goose." ' •'.... --
LYRIC HALL — Dolmotsch Concert.
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matinee to
day
TIVOLI— Grand Ooera.
ment for perjury committed by him on
such examination.' "
Senator Simpson again interrupted
the District Attorney and asked him
if he knew of any rule under which
the committee could refeuse to swear
the accused. Seymour answered as
follows: •
"No, I do not. These proceedings
arc unusual, and I doubt that such a
rule can be found, but public interest
demands that you grant my request
and refuse to swear these witnesses.
My duty is plain and the courts should
be giwn th<^ right to determine the
merits of this case. If they are guilty
they should be punished for their acts
anil disqualified to hold office of public
trust forever.
"What punishment can you mete out
to th^m? All y<ui can da is to expel
them from the Senate and can you do
that? I'nder the law it takes a tno
thirds vote to expel a member from
either house and in this instance they
have four votes themselves. Then they
would have to rally but ten friends
around them and they would be safe
from all your efforts. If you swear
these men they will be absolved from
prosecution, and can never be held to
answer criminally for this offense or
any offense upon which they are called
to testify.
"I ask you in all earnestness that
you do not swear them. Are you go
ing to tie the hands of the authorities
of this State, the representatives of the
people and defeat the ends of justice?"
SUGGESTS A RE3IEDY.
"What do you suggest, then?" asked
Simpson.
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
CASH IS PAID
AS DESCRIBED
BY DETECTIVES
Plot to Entrap the
Legislators Is a
Success.
ROLLS OF BILLS
Money Slipped Into
Pockets on the
Streets.
"I suggest that if these men want to
do so tftat they make statements be
fore this commission but not under
oath. The eyes of the whole people are
upon you. You can not afford, as I
have said, to absolve these men fron*
the consequences of their acts and that
is what you .will do if you swear th<^B
here and permit them to testify. I con
ceive what is my duty, but if you pre
vent me the responsibility rests on you,
not on me."
When Seymour concluded his address
the decorum of the hearing was broken
for the first time. The audience joined
tn tremendous applause and the rap
ping of the gavel of the chairman eou!<i
not be heard in the din. Finally si
lence was restored and Cator. astonish
ment written on his features, rose and
said:
'•I do not hesitate fen say that what
the District Attorney has said in true
in part, but I claim that if these men
do escape prosecution thf law has made
The responsibility will rest
upon none of you. The law has even
been extended in section 84 of the Penal
Oode in eloction cases. It contains a
principle that has been put in the
books by the representatives of the
people and in no event can any of you
be held responsible. The responsibility
rests alon^ in the law "
('utnr was -hen asked by the commit
tee if he objected to the accused mak
ing voluntary statements to the com
mittee not under oath. He said that
decidedly ho did: that he would advise
Continued on Page 8, Column !.2
JORDAN CONFESSES
THAT HE ACTED AS THE AGENT FOR
GRANGE AND AIDS TO ESTABLISH
GUILT OF SENATORS
JORDAN SAYS THAT GRANGE
MADE FIRST OFFER
SUGGESTED BRIBERY
ASKS IF SENATORS
CAN BE PURCHASED
Continued lYoin Page 1, Column 7.
. nui to make such
Attorney Jacob* sajd he would
th.i ntftitm iilHlliry <>f one
- at to any
and. continuing, said:
ii 1 \ or .1 \« <»i;v
"These men are presumed to be inno
cent until proved guilty. The action
contemplated by this committee would
ter.d toward an expression that the ac
cused are presumed in advance to be
guilty. These men are willing to take
th<? stand and swear they had nothing
to do with the taking of any bribe.
Kvcn should these statements on their
part be later proved false they would
not escape. The law plainly provides
that in any event they can be prose
cuted for perjury, and the evidence in
such a case would be the same as that
in proceedings against them for bri
bery. These men have come here and
accused these Senators to further their
own selfish ends and I insist that the
accused rfiall have the full protection
of ihe .aw."
A certain element in the rear of the
hall broke into applause at this lasjt
remark and Chairman Belshaw said:
"If any further demonstration takes
pluce here to-night the committee will
order ihe chamber cleared of every on*
not directly interested. Decorum must
be maintained."
His threat had the desired effect and
during the rest of the session the audi
ence sat ■ silent witness to the dra
matic scene.
"If you refuse to place the accused
on the stand to make statements on
their own behalf, under oath, this com
mittee wil! refuse to proceed with the
examination, but will n port the ques
tion that has arisen to the entire Sen
ate and ask instructions," said Simp
son.
Again Cator refused to permit any of
his clients to take the stand and the
committee voted to refer the question
to the Senate. The audience thought
the end of the evening's session had
come, but McXab got up. walked over
to District Attorney Seymour, and then,
addressing the committee, said:
M.NAIS TAKES I LOOR.
« c are *iot Here as prosecutors. We
presented certain facts in an affidavit
and the committee then ordered us to
present our proofs. The District At
torney has just informed me that Mr.
Jordan is willing to testify. Mr. Jor
dan has been charged by the District
Attorney ■with certain crimes as the
recognized agent of the accused Sena
tors. While we do not ask it, we do
not object to Mr. Jordan taking the
stand if the District Attorney is will
ing."
Attorney Charles Jones, who, in the
absence of Attorney Hirman Johnson,
represents Jordan, asked to be heard
at this point. He said:
"I appear for Mr. Jordan and I
wish to say that Mr. Jordan has been
instructed that if called upon by this
committee to testify that he must do
co under the law. 1 have advised him
to tell the whole truth and he has
Riven m c assurance that he will do
BO."
District Attorney Seymour then an-
Fwered McXab as to his willingness to
have Jordan go on the stand.
"I presume that a word of expla
nation is due," he said, "in view of
the stand 1 have taken here against
the accused Senators being sworn. It
had been my intention to object to
Mr. Jordan testifying as a witness In
this case, as I have done regarding
the accused Senators, but in the inter
ests of justice I think that he should
testify for the people. He under
stands that if he falsifies that a charge
of perjury stares him in the face and
he also understands that if he tells the
truth he will be absolved from fur
ther prosecution. He desires me to
say that he will keep his pledge to
tell the truth and if he does this, and
I believe he will, every man here
ought to take his hand and honor him
for his desire to leave for those he
Joves the priceless heritage of a good
name."
Cator and Jacobs objected in vain
while the District Attorney was voic
ing his last remarks, but he raised his
voice above their protest and finished
with a sweep of eloquence that
caused the chairman to stand up and
hold aloft his hand in warning that
a demonstration would not b« toler
ated.
JORDAN'S STORY.
Jordan was then called to the stand
and with every- eye upon him and
every ear strained to catch his words
he told his story. It is as follows
"I am a resident of San Francisco.
I am a Journalist and have been stop
ping here at 1116 Seventh street since
January 2. I know Clarence Grange
and also the accused. I wish to make
a statement regarding all the fact* in
this case. I am an employe of Mr.
SCOTTT EMULSION.
SCOTT'S EMULSION
Scott's Emulsion
Scott's Emulsion
Scott's Emulsion
Scott's Emulsion
Scott's Emulsion
— the old. story, told times
without number and repeated
over and over again for the
last thirty years. But it's
always a welcome story to
those in need of strength and
health. There's nothing in
the world that stops wasting
diseases as quickly a= Scott's
iCm ul si on.
WVH send jou ■ sample, free
SCOTT * »OWS E, 409 Pearl Street, New Y«m*.
Grange and have been doing his ad- J
vertlsins tor him for some time.
"The reason of my coming here was j
to represent the Evening Post of San
Francisco as its correspondent. It was
my habit to go to San Francisco every
Friday or Saturday, and upon the sec- '
ond Saturday that I went below I found ;
a Mter waiting for me from ilr. .
Grange, asking me to call and see him.
This was on th& 14th of January. The
1 ing morning I rang him up and
he wanted to know what I was doing
iii Sacramento.
'1 told him I was the secretary of the
S«n Francisco Senatorial delegation, in
addition to the correspondent of the
Poßt. He said that was good; that leg
islation was coming up in Sacramento
in whi^h he was interested and he
would like to have me look out for it.
"To begin with, he said he would
like to nave me gvt all bills that had
b.-en introduced relating to building
and loans. 1 informed him I would
be down the following Saturday. He
said that was good, as It was impor
tant that he see me and that there
vraa good money in it for me. I
went to the State Printer's office and
got the bills, two copies of each. On !
Saturday, 21. I went below.
"A message was waiting for me at
tht (<m'-e of the Post, telling me to i
ring him up. I told him I could not
see him as I had an engagement to
go to the theater with my wife. He
rang me up again, however, and was
Insistent that 1 come out and bring j
the bille.
< ALLS AFTER THEATER.
"I finally consented to drop out and ■
see him on roy way home, and he asked |
me how things were looking. I told him I
1 thought they were going to do things :
to us. He then asked me what I j
thought of pending investigations" and j
I told him I believed that not only the
•.^ntal but all of the loan com
panies would be investigated. He then
asked me what I thought of the status
of the commission, whether I thought
there were any business men among
its members.
"I asked him what he meant and he
said, Do you think any of the mem
ber? will do business; can you ap
proach any of them?' I <••;>.! ?e<l over
the names and he then asked me how
ood.
"He said Bauer was with the build
ing and loan companies and wanted to
know if I knew the other members well
enough to talk to them. He asked me
to go and sound them — see if there were
any that could be bought. I told him
I thought if any of them could that
it would be Bunkers, Wright, French
and Emmons. He asked me to see
them and see what I could do.
"I told him I could not see them all,
as only Bunkers and French were in
the city. He asked me to go and see
them and try to see what I could do.
He said his company did not fear in
vestigation, but he did not want to be
put to the trouble of going up to Sac
ramento.
"He said there were four of the com
panies, the Phpenix, Pacific States,
Renters and Continental, working to
gether, and he asked me what it would
be worth to protect them.
FIXES PRICE AT $250.
"I told him I thought it would be
worth $250 apiece. He told me to see
I th.t Senators and get them to make a
proposition to protect three, if not four
of the companies. I told him I would
not attempt to do his- bidding in the
I case of th<; Continental, there was so
; much talk about it. ~ I went to the
theater that night. Later I found
j Bunkers and asked him what could be
I done.
"He told me he would see French to'
see what could be done and asked me
Ito see him the next day at noon. I
kept the engagement, but he had not
! seen French. I asked him if he did
• not think $250 apiece would be about
right. He said that four would have
! to be taken care of and that he did
not know what they should expect.
"I went to .Grange with this, but he
eaid it was unsatisfactory — that he
wanted a definite proposition. I told
him I would return to Sacramento and
would report the figures to him by
telephone. He asked me what I thought I
I should be entitled to for my share in
the work, and asked me if $250 would
1 not be about right. When I reached
Sacramento I went to Bunkers and had
another talk. He said he had agreed
with French that $500 apiece would be
about right to take care of the three
companies — that the Continental could
take care of itself.
"He said the case of the Continental
was different; that t.iey couldn't touch
it for less than $10,000. I told Grange
he would have to come up and see me
about that. He told me he was going
to see the Senators and the Pacific
States, and that he could answer him
self for the Phoenix — that it would be.
all right. He said the Continental could
take care of itself— that he would not
lay my proposition before it.
"He again nsked me what I expect
'd i\* my share, and I told him he had
said $250 woulid be right, and we agreed
■ hat sum.
"He agreed that if he telegraphed me
he would ufo the name Bill Newell and
assure me that he would be up. Later
he rang me up and told me there had
been a change in the programme— that
lid not come up, but that a man
would come up who had been instruct
ed to go to my room. I told him all
right.
TICHFXOR IS NEWELL.
"Finally the man I now know to be
Tichenor «ame up. He said '1 am <
Bill X< weil.' He said there fc: d been
a change in the programme mid that
the Pacific States wouldn't stand in.
H* MLld he only brought $350 each
foi the men and $150 for me. I told
him there must be a mistake, that they
greed to give me $2SO. He snid
he would tfleiihone me and that the I
$100 additional would he here by 7i
o'clock. He gaid he wanted to arrange
to see th<> Senators himself.
"H*> apkt<l me to go and see what
the Senator* said about this proposi
tion. I gave him a pass-key to my
room and went and saw Bunkers.
Bunkers would not agree to having
any one pay him but me. and told me
that he did not believe the other Sen
ators woukl agree to such a plan,
either. I told him they would be
taking chances to take money from
a man they did not know. I didn't
THE -SAN FRANCISCQ CALL, THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 9. 1905.
JORDAN TELLS OF PAYING THE SENATORS
I said to French "I'm going to hand you something 1 ." He said "All right" and
I gave him the roll of bills. He took them and put them in his pocket. Next I
went uptown to look for Wright. * * * Then Bunkers called me over to the
cuvh 'Aiv.\ said his roll was short $50. I told him I had seen the money counted out
by Tiehenor and thought there were four $350 packages. "Well," Bunkers said,
"right is right, and if the others get $350, I ought to get it too." I said I had
Wright's roll si ill in my pocket and would count it. I went inside and did this
and found it contained $350, seven $50 bills. I then started to my luncheon and
met former Senator Tyrrell of Nevada City. He walked with me and at Ninth and
X streets we met Wright, and Tyrrell told him he wanted to talk with him. I said
I did too, and taking W.right aside I told him to meet me at 2 o'clock at the Irish
Tavern and I could give aim the money. I went there and talked to Danny Walsh,
the proprietor, for awhile and in five minutes Wright came along * * * * *
We went inside and I gave him the bills. I told Emmons about Bunkers' claim of
shortage. He said the matter ought to be fixed up and he would see that it was —
From Jordan's Testimony.
MANAGER OF COMPANY
EMPLOYS GO-BETWEEN
Culprit Declares His Pay for Doing Dirty
Work Was First Fixed at $150.
see any other of the three Senators.
"Tichenor, as I now know him. told
me all he wanted was some assorance
that 1 would do the right thing and
pay the money, and asked me if 1
could arrange to pay it so he could see j
me I said I would try it, and I again j
went to the State Capitol to see the .
Senators. Bunkers told me they ,
couldn't trust a stranger, and that un
less some other plan could be agreed
on it would be the end of the matter.
I agreed to meet Tichenor at the Golden
Eagle at 5 o'clock, but he did not come.
'Afterward he told me he went
down to the Western because he didn't
care to be seen. I asked him if any
one knew him. He said he knew Em
mons. Finally he said he would be
satisfied if I took the money and dft?
trithited it to the rest. I finally told
him that it would be all right for him
to see me pay the men.
PLANS DECEPTION.
"It was my purpose to pretend to
cany out some- plan he might suggest
and make him think I had paid them
while he was looking, but It was not
my intention to do so.
"We then went to the room again. He
took the money out of his pocket and
made up four packages of $350 each. At
my suggestion he rolled them up into
small mils and I put two of them into
my right hand trousers pocket, one into |
my left hand troueers pocket and one |
into my right hand vest pocket.
"He said he would have the extra
$100 (or me by 7 o'clock and I then
left him and went into Hanlon's sa
loon, where I met Emmons. He and
I came out and walked diagonally
across the street, where we saw Mar
tin Kelly talking with some friends.
We also' met Senator Welch and sa
luted him and went down to the club ,
at 1109 Eighth street. We looked
around there a few minutes and then
came out.
"Tichenor was on the corner of X
and Eighth streets, across X street \
from us. We walked south on X j
street, and when about the middle of
the block I told Emmons I would
shake hands and say good by. We
passed Bunkers and I hailed him
and told him I would see him soon.
At Ninth and X streets I shook hands
with Emmons, and as I did so I
placed in his hands one of the rolls
of bills.
"He put the bills in his pocket and
went on his way. I returned and met
Tichenor and asked him if he had seen
me pay Emmons. He said yes that it
was all right. I then told him I would
see Bunkers.
"I crossed the street and met Bun
kers near the Clunie Opera-house and
v/o walked up X street and turned up
Eighth near Hanlon's saloon. A little
way from the corner we stopped and
I took out one of the rolls of bills,
shook hands with him and gave him
the money in the shake. He took it
and we separated. I rejoined Tichenor
and he told me that he had seen me
pay Bunkers and that it was all right.
TALK WITH FRENCH.
Senator Simpson carried Jordan back
to the conversation with French, who
had asked the witness whether it was
the Pacific Coast Company that was
mentioned among those to be protected.
Upon being informed that it was the
Pacific States French said that was all
right, but that he would not stand for
the other company— the Pacific Coast.
Testifying about the attempt to find
French and Wright at the committee
headquarters at 817 Tenth street, Jor
dan corroborated the testimony of
Tiehenor up to the time the detective
left him in front of the place. Jordan
brought himself and the detective to
the headquarters and then said:
"Tiehenor said we were a little late,
that they had evidently all gone inside.
I couldn't get Inside at all. French
sent out word by the colored man that
he wouldn't see any newspaper men. I
told the colored man to go back and tell
him it was Jordan. The man came back
and said he could not get in at all.
Tichenor then went down town, after I
had told him I would meet him in front
of the headquarters at 10 o'clock.
"I waited there and saw the whole
committee come out. I walked down
Tenth street, but didn't find Tichenor.
The members of the committee went
their way, but I waited half an hour
along there for Tichenor. Then I
thought I would go to the Western
Hotel, where he roomed, and try to
find him there. I met him on X street,
a little bolow the Golden Eagle Hotel.
He said he didn't understand that I
was to meet him on Tenth street.
"'Did you pay them?' he asked, and
I replied, 'Why, certainly.'
" 'I am sorry I didn't see you.' he
said, 'but that is all right as long as
you paid the money.' *
"He then asked me if we should co
some place r where he could give me the
money coming to me without beine:
seen, and I said 'No, pay me right
here,' and he gave me three fifty-dollar
bills. Then he went to the depot after
the other $100. which he said was
around somewhere.
PAYS COIN TO FRENCH.
"Then I met French and asked him
to go with me to the Irish Tavern at the
corner of Seventh and I streets. We
walked down Seventh street to J.
where we were overhauled by Senator
Carter. After he left us we walked
on and about a quarter of a block far
ther toward I street. I said to French.
'I am going to hand you something.'
He said, 'All right,' and I gave him
the roll of bills. He took them and DUt
them in his pocket.
"Next I went up town to look for
Wright. I went to the Capitol and
Golden Eagle hotels and in the Golden
Eagle I met Tichenor again. He said
he had the other $100 for me and we
walked around the corner on to Sixth
street, where he gave it to me. We
had a bottle of wine at the Capitol and
then I left to get aboard the train for
San Francisco.
"The next morning, Wednesday, a
little before noon, I saw French in front
of the Capitol Hotel and he asked me I
if 1 had seen Wright. I said 'no,' and j
he said Wright was looking for me. I '
said, "I am looking for him, too.'
"Then Bunkers called me over to the
curb and said his roll was short $50. I
told him I had seen the money counted
out by Tichenor and thought there
four $350 packages.
" 'Well,' Bunkers said, 'right is right j
and if the others get $350 I ought to ,
get it too.'" I said I had Wright's roll |
still in my pocket and would count it. |
I went inside and did this and found
it contained $360, seven fifty-dollar
bills.
BOODLE GIVEN WRIGHT.
"I then started up to my luncheon ,
and met former Senator Tyrrell of
Nevada City. He walked with me and j
at Ninth and X streets we met Wright |
and Tyrrell told him he wanted to I
talk with him. I said I did too, and j
taking Wright aside I told him to j
meet me at 2 o'clock at the Irish Tav
ern and I would give him the money.
I went there and talked to Danny
Walsh, the proprietor, for awhile and
in five minutes Wright came along. I
saw him outside across the street. We
went inside the saloon and into the
lavatory and I gave him the bills.
"I walked up I to Tenth with him
and he went to a meeting of the com
mittee and sent Senator Emmons
down. I told Emmons about the short
age. He said the matter ought to be
fixed up and he would see that It
was."
"Had you talked to Wright person
ally on what this matter was about?"
asked Simpson.
"I don't remember that I did," re
plied the witness.
"Did you have a conversation with
any of the Senators prior to paying
them the bills as to what they would
have to do for being paid?"
"Yes," was the reply.
"Did you have any talk with them
as to the services to be rendered?"
asked Simpson.
"It was understood they were not
to subpena the Phoenix or the Rent
ers' Building and Loan Association,"
replied Jordan.
"What Senators did you talk with?
"Senator Bunkers did most of the
talking."
"Did you have a conversation witn
French?"
"To this effect. He met me during a
recess of the Senate on Monday and
asked me what companies were to te
taken care of. I told him the Renters,
Phoenix and the Pacific States."
DETAILS OF AGREEMENT.
In reply to questions Jordan repeated
Emmons' statement that he would "not
stand for" Tichenor paying him the
money, and was then asked:
"You never had an agreement to pay
Emmons money for immunity for these
companies?"
"No, sir," he replied.
"Did you ever mention any com
panies to him?" waa asked.
"Only the Phoenix," was the reply.
"Did you have any conversation
with Wright about what the money
was for?" asked Belshaw. .
"None at all," said Jordan.
"When you talked with Bunkers on
Tuesday," asked Simpson, "did you
say the other Senators were to aid
these companies?"
"No, that waa understood when I
saw Bunkers in San Francisco on Sun
day," said Jordan.
"Did Bunkers arrange to flee the
other Senators?" asked Belshaw.
"Xo," replied the witness.
There were a few scattering and un
important questions from the commit
tee and then Attorney Nicol said his
side would not undertake to cross
examine the witness without a tran
script of the testimony. Attorney Ca
tor said the same thing for nig side.
Reporter Vaughn said he could have
a transcript of Jordan's testimony
ready for the attorneys by to-morrow
afternoon at 3 o'clock.
SPEAK FOR TICHENOR.
James G. Maguire of San Francisco
was called at the opening of the session
to testify to Tichenor's good character:
"You were once the Democratic candi
date for the office of Governor of Cali
fornia, were you not?" asked Gould.
"That is a subject I do not care to al
lude to very often," answered Judge
Maguire, and the audience joined him |
in a laugh.
Judge Maguire then testified that he
had known Tichenor for some time and
had employed him and had found his
veracity and integrity beyond question.
D. S. Hirschberg, former manager
of the Preston School of Industry,
testified that he had known Tichenor
for many years in Oakland and San ,
Francisco and that his reputation is
good. H. Blodgett, a resident of Bak
ersfield. engaged in the oil business,
testified that he had never heard the
reputation of the detectives discussed, I
so he was dismissed. 1
H. D. Morton, proprietor of Mor
ton's Special Delivery and w r ell known
in other lines of business in San Fran
cisco, testified th»t he had employed
Tichenor and believed his reputation
to be good. B. F. Kenble, superin
tendent of Pinkerton's San Francisco
agency, testified that Tichenor's rep
utation is good.
HIS CHARACTER GOOD.
Phillip Conradl, a merchant of Oak
land, testified that he had engaged in
business with Tichenor and that his
reputation is good. F. W. Thompson,
San Francisco agent of the Rock Is
land System, also testified his reputa
tion is good. Andrew Carrlgan, vice
president of the Dunham, Carrigan,
Hayden Co., said Tichenor's reputation
is good.
Oscar Jones, a resident of Alameda,
formerly of Downieville, testified that
Hartling's reputation is good.
Ex-Senator R. F. Del Valle of Los
Angeles testified that Tichenor's repu
tation is good. 4 \
F. G. Finlayson, an attorney of Los
Angeles, testified to the same fact, and
added that through long acquaintance
he knew Tichenor to be a very conser
vative man.
Captain of Detectives Braddish of
Los Angeles also gave Tichenor a good
reputation. H. D. Bailey, who said he
has resided in Los Angeles one year
and one day, the southern agent of the
- Pinkertons, Bald Tichenor's reputation
is good. F. A. Baldwin, a merchant of
San Francisco, who has known Tiche
nor for twenty-nine years, testified to
the same fact.
As soon as Baldwin left the stand it
was announced that more character
witnesses would be called to-morrow
evening, but in view of later develop
ments it is not thought their services
will be required, for the detectives
stand corroborated in every detail' of
their testimony.
CALLS LAWS A FARCE.
Grange Thinks Building and Loan
Statutes Need Changing.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8.-The special
committee of the Senate appointed in
place of that on Commissions and Re
trenchments to investigate building and
loan associations held Its first meeting
this evening in the Senate chamber.
The only witness was James L. Field,
for ten years secretary of the State
Building and Loan Commission.
He said the main cause of the com
plaints was the fact that the investors
did not read their certificates. In some
cases misrepresentations of agents
were responsible. There were legisla
tive remedies for whatever faults ex
isted, he said, but his experience had
shown that the laws as they existed
had been complied with by every asso
ciation In the State.
Just as the session was breaking
up Clarence Grange, secretary of the
Phoenix Association, said to the com
mittee: "The laws as they exist are
an absolute farce."
"Many meanings can be placed on
the word, 'Farce,' eaid Curtin. "What
do you mean?"
"I mean that the laws covering
building and loan associations, as they
exist, afford absolutely no protection
to' either the investor or the borrower.
By the investor I mean the man that
l invests In the shares of companies and
by the borrower the person that bor
rows funds therefrom and before this
Investigation is concluded I should like
the privilege of suggesting legislative
remedies."
Grange was assured that he would
be given such opportunity.
The committee will hold another ses
sion to-morrow morning at 9:80.
DRAINAGE MEASURES.
Fear Is Felt That Bills Will Be De-
feated.
reated.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. — A fear is
expressed by those Interested In the
swamp land and reclamation meas
ure presented before the Assembly
that it will not be passed and that no
legislation on this important matter
will be accomplished at this session.
Dissension is rife among those who
are to be affected by the proposed
reclamation scheme. Some who have
land that is amply protected do not
care to be assessed to reclaim lands
belonging to others and the exclusion
of some tracts thoroughly reclaimed is
arousing opposition on the part of
owners of unreclaimed holdings.
There is to be another meeting of
the Committee on Swamp and Over
flowed Lands and Drainage this week
and the various objections to the bill
submitted will be heard.
WOODLAND, Feb. 8. — The Board
of Supervisors to-day unanimously
; adopted resolutions opposing the
j drainage "bill now pending in the Leg
islature and instructing the county's
representatives to use all honorable
means to defeat the measure.
Bark With Ten Men Missing.
LONDON, Feb. B.— The British
bark Edith Mary has been posted at
Lloyd's as overdue. She carried a
crew of ten men.
To Cure n Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Brcmo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c. •
OLD WAY SUITS
LEGISLATORS
Proposed Amendment Allo
wing People to Elect United
States Senator Defeated
FEW FAVOR A CHANGE
Method Now in Use Is De
clared to Be Wisest and
Best by the Upper House
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. B.— Sanford's
proposed constitutional amendment de
signed to enable the people of the State
to express by ballot their preference for
some person for the office of United
States Senator was defeated in the
Senate this morning by a vote of 24
to 8. Sanford made a lengthy address
on behalf of the bill and. probably to
his surprise, found a ready second In
Senator Ralston.
Shortridge and Lukens, howe-ver, ex
pressed the opiniorf that the law should
stand as it does; that the people should
not attempt to change a system that
experience had told the greatest states
men of the nation was the wisest,
safest and best, and they asked that
the proposed amendment be defeated. |
A majority of their colleagues shared i
their views, and but eight votes were
cast in favor of the measure. .
San Quentin and Folsom prisons will
undergo inspection by the Senate Com
mittee on Prisons and Reformatories, a
resolution to this effect introduced by
Belshaw this morning being adopted.
Muenter sought to make the investiga
tion of these institutions the basis of a
junket in force, but met with over
whelming defeat.
Lincoln day. February 12, will be ob
served by the members of the Legisla
ture in joint meeting in the Assembly
chamber. The Senate this morning
adopted the Assembly joint resolution
providing for the ceremonies and Pres
ident pro tern. Wolf appointed Senators
Keane and Ranford to make arrange
ments on behalf of the Senate.
The Committee on Agriculture rec
ommended that Senate bill No. 307, in
troduced by Senator Lukens, do not
pass. The bill, among other things,
provided that all packages of butter
offered for sale »hall bear a stamp giv
ing the name and address of the manu
facturer and of the seller, with the
weight.
Senator Nelson of San Francisco in
troduced an important bill at this aft
ernoon's session. It provides for the
amendment of section 2466 of the Polit
ical Code, and if passed will do away
with the payment of half pilotage by
shippers, which they are now compelled
to pay, even though they sail their own
vessels in or have them towed in. The
bill also aims to reduce pilotage fees
from $5 to 13 a foot draught on vessels
of 800 tons or less, with the same reduc
tion on vessels of more than 800 tons
burden and an additional reduction of
the present fee on such vessels of 4
cents per ton registered measurement
to 2 cents. Senator Nelson said he In
troduced the bill to do away with what
he believes has been a crying evil for
years.
Senator Coggins Introduced a bill
providing for the construction of a
building near Folsom for the criminal
Insane.
Senator Belshaw presented for the
consideration of the Senate the esti
mates of Architects H. B. Maggs and
R. A. Harold relative to the cost of re
pairs to the Capitol building. The ar
chitects estimate that It will cost $170.
573 to put the building in sanitary con
dition and $352,925 to fireproof it
throughout.
PRESIDENT ON THE TRAIL
OF FEDERAL LOBBYISTS
United States Attorney Peremptorily
Ordered to Leav e West Vir
ginia's Capital.
CHARLESTON, W. Va.. Feb. B.— At
a session of the committee investieat
ing the charges of a scheme of officials
to defeat oH legislation, a number of
legislators mentioned in the letter of
the United States Marshal testified.
Members of the committee made vain
efforts to commit Speaker Grosscup to
an alleged illegal deal between the Gov
ernor-elect and the Standard Oil Com
pany to throw their influence for Re
publican success at the polls.
As the result of the railroad men's
protest against Federal officers lobby
ing in the interests of various corpora
tions, District Attorney Blizzard of the
Northern West Virginia district to-day
received a telegram from President
Roosevelt to leave Charleston or re
sign. Blizzard left Charleston.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B.— Attorney
General Moody to-day addressed a
communication to all District Attor
neys, Marshals and others employed in
or under the Department of Justice,
warning them not to appear hereafter
in their respective States as attorneys
or otherwise in promoting or organiz
ing the enactment of laws by the State
Legislatures.
BRITISH COLLIER EASTRY
CAPTURED BY JAPANESE
Vessel Carryin* Coal to Vladivostok
Becomes a Prize of
War.
TOKIO, Feb. B.— Reports from the
Manchurian army headquarters say
that the Russians shelled various parts
of the Japanese lines on Monday and
Monday night. Small forces of Rus
sian infantry attacked at various
points but were repulsed.
The British steamship Eastry, bound
for Vladivostok with coal, was captur
ed off Hokkaido yesterday. She is be
ing brought to Yokosuka.
The Eastry is a steel screw steamship
of 299S tons register. She va 8 built in
1892 at Furness and belongs to the Im
perial Steamship Company Limited at
West Hartlepool. She is commanded
, by Captain W. T. Horsfield.
AS USUAL. THEY DID NOT
KNOW GUN WAS LOADED
Examination of Old Rifle by Youthful
Pair Results in Shooting of
Little Girl.
URIAH. Feb. 8. — Myrtle Duncan, a
twelve-year-old girl, was shot and seri
ously wounded Monday by her eigh
teen-year-old brother in Redwood Val
ley. The children had decided to ex
amine an old rifle that had been hang
ing on the wall for years. Xo one sup
pesed It was loaded. When the boy
worked the lever and pulled the trig
ger the girl screamed and fell to the
floor crying that she was shot. The
bullet struck her in the right ankle.
1 •
■■ I
;
I
S
END OF SESSION
IS IN SIGHT
Resolution Fixing March 4
as Date for Adjournment [s
Introduced byAsemblyman
OPPOSITION EX PEfTED
Members Who Have Import
ant Measures on Files Will
Fight Early Closing Move
Special DUpatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. B.— ln the As
sembly this morning McCartney intro
duced a concurrent resolution that bot.
houses of the Legislature terminate thy
session on Saturday, March 4, which
would give a sixty-one day session.
The resolution was referred 10 the
Ways and Means Committee.
McCartney s resolution is the resuir
of the movement that has been on foot
for some days in both the Senate and
the Assembly to arbitrarily adjourn at
the expiration of the statutory aixty
days, whether the business of the Leg
islature was finished or not. Many
members who have important measures
that are well down on the flies will op
pose the movement.
Stanton got through with one vote
his measure making oral contracts to
sell real estate binding. Attempts to
pass this measure through the Assem
bly have failed at previous sessions.
McCartney's bill providing for the ap
pointment of an attorney to appear for
defendants not represented in divorce
cases was defeated.
A precursor of the debates that may
be expected when the general game bill
is taken up for serious consideration
came this morning, when Burke'a meas
ure changing the law relative to shoot
ing game birds at night was reached
on the final passage file. The present
law provides that there shall be no
shooting of game birds between a half
hour after sundown and a half-hour
before sunrise. Burkes amendment is
that there shall be no shooting of such
birds between 6 p. m. and 6 a. m.
Hawkins was opposed to changing
the present game laws, as they wer<»
satisfactory, he said. Manwell said
Burkes bill shut off the best hour of
shooting in certain 9easons^ — that before
sundown.
The Assembly was dizzied by the va
riety of opinions that even this small
measure brought out, and the matter
went over till to-morrow, the members
sighing when they contemplated what
is In store when the general bill is
taken up.
A resolution providing for the pay
ment of mileage for the Public Chari
ties and Corrections Committee waa
presented by Chairman Coghlan, JDJJ
announced that the committee wouT*
report to-morrow. Coghlan says he is
not sure whether the committee will
consider in it 3 report the alleged in
considerate treatment of legislators' by
the State Board of Charities and Cor
rections.
Houser secured permission for re
consideration of his bill permitting law
graduates of the University of South
ern California to be admitted to the
bar by the Supreme Court on their
diplomas. It is understood the author
of the bill will amend it so as to in
clude Stanford University, and that in
this form it will pass.
Branstetter's bill making it a felony
to kill an elk anywhere in the State
was passed.
Assemblyman Waste announced that
it had been found impracticable for
the entirely Assembly to accept the in
vitation of President Wheeler of the
State University to visit that institu
tion on Friday, and a committee con
sisting of Prescott. Waste, Stantoo,
Hawkins, Treadwell and Johnstone
were appointed to make the trip.
Barnes presented a measure provid
ing for compulsory vaccination of
school children throughout the State
and making such vaccination a charge
against the funds of the various school
districts.
Estudillo presented a bill providing
that cities having their own lighting
plants may sell lamps and lighting fix
tures to consumers at cost.
SIGNING OF CONVENTION
WITH SANTO DOMINGO
WASHINGTON. Feb. 8. — Minister
Dawson has cabled the Stats Depart
ment from San Domingo that the new
protocol providing for the control of
Santo Domingo finances by the United
States was signed yesterday. The
document is expected here early next
week and will be submitted immedi
ately to the Senate.
An important feature of the protocol
is the omission -of the provision in th«
original memorandum of January 21,
guaranteeing the integrity of Santo
Domingo. The new document simply
binds the United States to respect th- 1
integrity of Dominican territory. The
Monroe doctrine Is regarded as suf
ficient to convey the broader guaran
tee.
Gunboat Newport Is Safe.
NEW YORK, Feb. B.— The Mallory
line steamship Coneho, in to-day from
Galveston, yesterday passed the dis
abled United States gunboat Newport.
which sailed from Boston a week ago
for Santo Domingo. The Newport
was reported as having lost her pro
peller at s«a on February 3. When
passed by the Coneho 3he was off
Hatteras and proceeding under sail
toward Norfolk. She simply asfced
the Coneho to report her.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .• ;
RATIONAL TREATMENT
m • , '' ' y \ -;- v '
Stomach Diseases
CANS : .
Discard Injurious Drugs
Sfycozone
A Harmless Pow«rftil Germicide
Endorsed by Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Fret Trial Bottl*. Sold by leading
druggists. .
NOT «CMUINC WITHOUT MY SIGNATUNC:
61 O PRINCE ST NEW YORK. '
w»iti row Fist BooKirroN BATioim. T»«.n ■» i
\, * or OOMA3M.m X-.^^-,'- -.-_--. ADVEKTISICMKNTS. _
m , mW Aw^^^
f What Joy iheydring f
* rVERY nOME !
id smiling faces they romp. and — when in health I
) health the games in which they indulge, the outdoor L
rily, regular habits they should be taught to form and s |
vhich they should partake. How tenderly their health |
tby constant medication, but by careful avoidance of I
njurious or objectionable nature and if at any time a I
red, to assist nature, only those of known excellence. I j
es which are pure and wholesome and truly beneficial j I
ant laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs, manufactured by ll-
p Co. Syrup of Figs has come into general favor in i
informed families, whose estimate of it's quality and I
n personal knowledge and use. ' j I
so met with the approval of physicians generally, be- I '
holesome, simple and gentle in its action. We inform I
s to the medicinal principles of Syrup of Figs, obtained,
om certain plants known to them to act most benefici- I
agreeable syrup in which the wholesome Calif ornian |
note the pleasant taste; therefore it is not a secret rem- I
?e to refer to ail well informed physicians, who do not -
ines and never favor indiscriminate -self-medication. ©
and teach your children also that the genuine Syrup s
ull name of the Company— California Fig Syrup Co. . *
2 front of every package and that it is for sale in " A"
If any dealer oners any other than the regular Fifty |
nted thereon the name of any other company, do not (I •
get the genuine you will not get its beneficial effects. 11l
'ays have a bottle on hand, as it is equally beneficial /ll
hildren, whenever a laxative remedy is required. jjjp
H OUSE LEADERS
TALK POLITICS
WASHINGTON. Feb. S.— For five ;
hours in the House to-day the question j
of freight rates regulation held full i
sway. As on the previous days of the ■
debate .both Republicans and .Demo- •
crais claimed the credit for originating;
ihe present legislation. .', j
Esch of Wisconsin, who M ted in (
framing the Tounsend bill, summed up
the arguments for and against that bill
up to the present time. Some, he said.
had regarded it as the most important i
legislation e=inee the rebellion, while I
others had contended it amounted to j
nothing. Such extreme views he held
to be indicative of the fact that the bill
*as v.hat it was claimed to be — a com- :
promise.
Grosvenor of Ohio ridiculed the Dem- i
ocrats for their claim to credit for rate :
legislation. He provoked laughter]
•when he declared that, "following our]
footsteps, toernarking our tracks, .
camping to-night where we camped I
last night, and begging to be taken on
board, is not .a new policy or principle j
cf the Democratic party."
Grosvenor was discussing the rela- !
tive merits of the several bills when he
■was interrupted by Shackleford 91 Mis
souri with the statement that the
Hearst bill had been denied an oppor- !
tunity to be considered.
Oh," replied Grosvenor. amid laugh- j
ter and Republican applause, "your
party denied it before we did."
The Hearst bill, he declared, was as
dead as Julius Caesar, having been j
slaughtered by a Democratic caucus.
James ot New York accused the Pres- \
ident of taking the platform of the
Democratic party "that bears the !
bloody stain of Bryan's faithful feet,"
and holding it up to the people of the
country. He cared not how much it
was said that the Democrats were fol
lowing the President. He knew that \
the soldiers of the United States fol- ]
lowed the President gallantly at San
Juan Hill.
"But." he added, "no more. sir, than
th<? Democracy w-il follow him when
he charges the Harrimans. the Vander
biits, the Cassatts and the Hills in this
country of wealth."
The Democrats applauded Heflin of
Alabama when he said that William J.
Bryan, th<? Daniel of Democracy, had
advocated the present legislation be
fore the people of ■ he country .
In a characteristic speech Oaves of
Tennessee, who was th«» sole Democrat
who voted with the Republicans on the
adoption of the rule, said he did so be
reuse he found them right on the ques
tion, even though they gritted their
teeth after having been "egged" on by
the President, who had applied the
cat-o'-nine- tails to their backs.
__ ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Ib The STAR I
w'ktf SAFETY
*£? / s v/\ Is raechanifMl-
f-^-t -^ ■ / lr perfect- and
ps=3-* =^*<iic/^' fully t *■ s1 ' d
• ■ i." ' — *^"- t before leaving
the factory. Positively safe to use.
Compact and liandy. Xcver pulls and
will shave the toughest beard. Reg-
ular price $2.00. My price now f51 .23
OIILETTI SAFZTT SAZOS re-
quires no honing nor stropping. A
perfect shaver for any kind of beard.
Price - .$.*».00
REGTTX.AB STAND KJIEOK.S
e«t low m $ 1.00
A GOOD POCKET KMITE for.. 91
Razors honed and ground. . Honing',
Mail orders promptly filled.
That Man PITTS
F. \T. PITTS. The Stationer.'
100* M*Kirr ST, opp. ruth. S. 7.
BAD OUTLOOK
FOR PEABODY
DENVER. Feb. $.— ln the Adams-
Peabody gubernatorial contest this !
afternoon the Democratic attorneys i
introduced their first expert testi- i
monv. Two .handwriting experts, who |
testified on four precincts in L«<= Ani
mas County, said that out of 1449
ballots 59" KepublLcan and 56 Demo- j
cratic ballots' were written by four
or five persons. '
The most important witness of the j
afternoon was James P. Dolan. Demo- |
cratic committeeman for Precinct 14.
Ward 1. Denver. Canvassers had de
clared they could not find ftfty-seveif
of the men who voted in this pre
cinct. After looking over the list Do
lan declared he knew personally
thirty-five of the fifty-seven. A Pea
body expert had declared that ; 178
i Democratic ballots in this precinct
! were written by two or three per
j sons. I Witnesses identified 153 of
these votes.
City Detective William H. Green
pleaded guilty in the Criminal Court
i to-day to the charge of stuffing" a
ballot-box in 1903. It was alleged,
i that Green, with others, cast "87
; fraudulent ballots in the precinct
I commonly known as "'Green county."
On his plea Green was sentenced , Ly
1 Judge Johnson to jail for ninety days,
I the sentence to take effect at once.
Green is r.ow serving a sentence of
six months' imprisonment imposed by!
the Supreme Court for violation of its
injunction in the election of November
& 'last.
Republican members of the House
. in caucus have agreed upon an eight
! hour bill, which is said to be entirely
I satisfactory to the corporations, and
' it is announced that this measure will
be pressed for passage by the Repub
lican majority in the ' Legislature in
. place of the bill advocated by the la- i
bor unions. The new bill provides
that the eight-hour law shall be ap
plicable only to men directly engaged
in digging coal or attending blast fur-:
naces, stamps and chlorination and
cyaniding processes, and not to all
j men employed in mines, mills and
■ smelters. <Shß
SALVATION HAS
ITS DRAWBACKS
■With an admonition to practice their
religious preachings and not bring their
petty differences into court, Judge Heb
baru yesterday declined to divorce two
members of the Volunteers of America.
\Vill:am J. Fairburn, a familiar figure
on the streets as the tall one of two
men who wore red gowns and mortar
boarde adverticing Herbert Ready's
"op^n Fhop ' employment agency, sued
hiß wife, Ethel Dolly Fairburn, for di
vorce on the ground of cruelty. He al
leged that she had struck him on the
nose, making It bleed, and hal falsely
accused him of flirting.
On the stand Mrs. Fairhurn said that
her husband had struck himself on the
nose and that ?h<> had seen him flirt in
the open-air meetings of the Volun
teer?. When she passed the plate he
managed to gpt hold of the collections
and appropriate them to his own use.
Judee Graham's record as a recon
cile- was added to yesterday In the!
hearing of the application of Miss
Garety. the probation officer, for letters
of guardianship over the three children
of William F. and Margaret Murphy.
Father and mother promised to pledge
themselves against further use of in
toxicants and to live together in peace
again. On this showing the guardian-
Fhip application was continued indefi
nitely.
Divorces were granted yesterday by-
Judge Hebbard to Asunta Gionetto
from Giovanni Gionetto. cruelty; to
Elizabeth B. Kilgore from William B.
Kilgore. desertion; by Judge Sloss to
N. L. Olgen from Edwin Olsen, cru
elty; by Judge Kerrigan to Anton
Bowman from Lily W. Bowman, de
sertion: to Sarah McPherson from Os
bornr- McPherson. neglect.
Suits for divorce were begun yester
day by Abe Wafhalur against Esther
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9. 1005.
CONTEST OVER
WATER IN KERN
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. X— What will
probably result in one of the hardest
fought legal battles the county has
ever seen was commenced to-day by
the filing of a complaint bjf Miller &
Lux. the K>rn County Land Company
and all of the canal companies owned
jointly or severally by the two corona
tions against the Associated Oil Com
pany, a branch of the Standard, the
cum Development Company and
other oil companies operating in the
Kern River field.
It is contended in the complaint that
the various oil companies made parties
defendant in tht- suit have bored nu
merous water wells on lands adjacent
to the natural channel of Kern River
and by means of powerful pumping
machinery are drawing enormous quan
tities of water from the river, thereby
greatly decreasing its natural flow. An
injunction is asked to restrain the de
fendants from continuing to pump
water from the ground, and especially
at points above the intakes of the va
rious* canals owned by the different
companies.
WOMAN CHOOSES
TO DIE BY FIRE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACuMA, Feb. B.— Mrs. Thomas Ehr
hart, the wife of a former cook at the
Wisconsin Lumber Company's mill,
four miles west of Chehalis, last night
saturated her clothing with oil and
went to an outhouse and set her cloth
ing on fire. The woman was burned to
death before aid could reach her. De
spondency was the cause of the suicide.
She leaves a husband, a four-year-old
son and a seven-months-old baby. Her
relatives live in the East.
It is believed Mrs. Ehrhart adopted
this method of suicide from reading of
the suicide which occurred at Coving
ton recently. The means of death and
mode of carrying out the plan were the
same in both Instances.
COMERFORD IS EXPELLED
FROM ILLINOIS ASSEMBLY
Member Who Preferred Charges of
Bribery Punished by the Men
He Accused.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Feb. B.— Frank
D. Comerford, a Representative from
the Second Senatorial District of Cook
County to the Thirty-fourth General
Assembly, was to-day expelled as a
member of that body and his name
stricken from the rolls of the House of
Assembly. His expulsion was the cli
max of a series of sensational charges
of corruption and attempted bribery
made by Comerford ag.-.inst members
of the Illinois Legislature in a lecture
before a law college in Jhicago, which
were investigated by a special commit
tee of the House and declared to have
been unfounded.
comerford was cited to appear before
the bar of the House and show cause
why he should not be expelled. In a
brilliant speech of more than an hour's
duration he reviewed the testimony
taken before the investigating commit
tee and fiercely scored the committee
for so limiting the scope of the investi
gation that "God Almighty himself, if
he came here, would have been pre
vented getting evidence against a self
confessed thief." He continued:
"This committee stands convicted be
fore the country' of resorting to subter
fuges to prevent any real investiga
tion."
On roll call the resolution of expul
sion was adopted. 121 to 13. Eight
members declined to vote.
Waghalter, desertion; by Nellie V. '
Acheson against James M. Aeheson, de
sertion; by Lillie J. Roper against
Charles W. Roper, cruelty; by Hannah
BJorn against Carl F. BJorn, Intem
perance and cruelty, and by Nils Olsen
against Inge M. K. Olsen. intempei - j
ance. 1
STATEHOOD
BILL COSTLY
TO ARIZONA
Seven Thousand Square Miles
of the Territory Annexed to
Utah Through a 3lisundor
standing' in the Senate
KEARNS AMENDMENT
STANDS AS ADOPTED
Its Opponents Mistaken in
Bel in Th at Bard's Vic
tory Had Nullified the "Act
tion Changing Boundary
Special Dispatch to Tht Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B.— The confusion
of m«ny members of the Senate with
regard to the amendment of Kearns
transferring 7000 square miles out of
the northwest corner of Arizona to
T'tah was an interesting feature in the
fifsht over the statehood bill. The gen
eral understanding when the bill
passed last night was that the failure
of Arizona to get within the Union
lines had carried defeat with it to the
Kearns amendment, and, as Senator
Kearns was believed to have voted
against his convictions on the bill, in
consideration of a promise of its cham
pions to carry this amendment for him,
the pleasure its defeat gave the other
side was not concealed. But when it
was developed under discussion to-day
that the amendment, having been reg
ularly adopted, would hold good, not
withstanding Arizona remained out of
the statehood reckoning; the general
chagrin was no less evident than the
satisfaction had been.
Kearns had offered as argument for
tho amf-ndment that the territory in
cluded in the transfer was made inac
cessible to officers of the law of Ari
zona by the Grand Canyon of the Colo
rado, which they could not cross, save
by a great detour carrying them
through .several States, and that the
strip was in consequence a rendezvous
of criminals menacing to Utah, whose
peace officers could not follow them
across the State line.
The interesting fact was disclosed
to-day that the Senate Committee on
Public Lands reported a bill granting
to J. ty Butts right of way for a trail
leading through the Grand <"any<~n,
with thr right to build a great suspen
sion bridge over tho main canyon. The
daring and picturesque nature of the
enterprise proposed lends Its added in
1 tareai to the fact that it will, when
completed, overcome the difficulty that
allowed Utah to filch 7000 square miles
of the Territory of Arizona, without
giving her anything whatever in re
turn.
ITAH SENATOR BADLY MIXED.
Reams Claims Ho Voted "Nay" on
Banl's Amendment.
WASHINGTON. Feb. B.— The Senate
to-day received from Kearns of Utah
a disclaimer of the vote in favor of
separate statehood for New Mexico,
with which the records for yesterday
credited him. He said that he had
been misunderstood by the clerks and
that he had voted against the provis
ion. Several Senators corroborated his
statement, but a number asserted that
they had understood him to vote for
the amendment. Immediately after
opening prayer Kearns took the floor
and said:
I rise "to a question of personal privilege.
In the first vcte on th«> amendment of th^
Senator from California i.Mr Bard) last even-
Ing I votPd "nay" In a distinct manner. It
appears the clerk misunderstood me, and I
was numbered ameng these favoring the amend
ment.
The statement had the effect of bring
ing a number of Senators to their feet
and to call out from them a number
of statements as to their understanding
of the Utah Senator's vote. The first
of these was made by Nelson, who sits
near Kearns in the Senate, who said:
"I was sitting near the Senator from
Utah when he voted and heard him
vote 'no' distinctly."
On the other hand, Foraker, sitting
somewhat farther away, received an
opposite impression. He said that he
had been keeping a tally and had dis
tinctly iieard Kearns vote in the
affirmative
Other Senators sustaining kelson's
view were Quarles, Clapp, Kittredge.
McComas, Scott, Dubois. Dallinger,
Hansbrough, Clay and Gorman. 'All
expressed the conviction that the rec
ord of the clerks was justified.
Rejoicing in New Mexico.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Feb. B.—
Great enthusiasm prevails throughout
the Territory over the passage of the
statehood bill by the JS&nate, with the
amendment admitting New Mexico as
a separate State. Mass meetings and
Jollifications were held here and In
other New Mexico cities. The Legis
lature this afternoon passed resolu
tions thanking the United States Sen
ate.
SAYS CHINAMAN
OFFERED BRIBE
Ah Wee, a property ownpr and one
of the most influential residents of the
Chinese quarter, was arrested last
night by Patrolman Skelly and booked
on charges of carrying a concealed
weapon and trying to bribe a police
man. Skelly was suspicious of the
Celestial and placed him under arrest.
The patrolman says Wee offered him
$6 to release him. Skelly took the Chi
naman to the City Prison aoid locked
him up. An ugly looking six-shooter
was found in his possession.
LOCKED FOR A WEEK
IN REFRIGERATOR CAR
Travels From California to Missouri,
Lives on Oranges, but Feet Are
Frozen.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 8. — Wil
liam Smith, aged 24, an orange pick
er, who went into an orange refrig
erator car at Pomona, Cal., on Feb
ruary 1 to take shelter from the rain
and fell asleep and was locked in,
was liberated here when the car
reached its consignee. He had lived a
week on oranges. He was thinly clad
and the weather here being very cold
his ill shod feet were frozen soon af
ter he left the car. Smith Is now in
the City Hospital.
ADVOCATES
KILLING OF
IMBECILES
Club Woman Would
Doom Deformed
Infants.
Special Ehgpatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Feb. B.— "The Spartans
and Kedea and Persians, who put their
imbecile or deformed children to death
as soon as born, were wiser than we,"
Mrs. Margaret Forwer^r told the Social
Economies Club to-day in a general
discussion of penitentiaries, reforma
'. Tories and insane asylums.
"Brutal as it may seem, such an at
; titude is necessary for the greatest
! good to the greatest number," she
: continued. "Society would profit if the
insane and hopelessly deformed were
put to a swift, painless and legal death.
In that respect some old pagan civili
zations were in advance of our own.
"Asylums for the seclusion of such
persons, where they drag out a miser
able existence, should be replaced by
1 hospitals for those of criminal and de
generate tendencies. Those \vho are
fcopeless should be done away with un
der legal sanction."
FORGER POSES
AS J. P. MORGAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Feb. B.— Officers i
arrived here yesterday from Eureka, \
Cal., to take back a young man who j
has made use of the name of J. Pier- ,
pant Morgan to secure mon&v. The
man, who now says he is J. W. James j
of California, is wanted in Eureka to j
answer the charge of forging checks i
■ under the name of the great financier. I
He was caught In this city by Sheriff'
Lewis and at the time of his arrest was
attempting to pass' a forged check on i
a local liveryman. James registered at
the Palace Hotel here as "J. Pierpont |
Morgan." When taken into custody a I
cheCTi for $100 payable to J. P. Morgan ;
was found on hfs person. He admitted '
• the check was forged.
The prisoner said that he bore no re- ;
lation to the great multi-millionaire.,;
He used the name simply because it j
was easier to pass a check by it than
by any other.
NEWLY ELECTED OFFICERS
INSTALLED BY" UNIONS j
Cooks' Association to Give Its Annual
Unique Ball in Native
Sons' Hall.
The newly elected officers of the fol-.
lowing unions have been installed:
The National Association of Postofflce Clerks
— President, I'aniei B. Dwyer; first vice presi- J
dent. A. Liebscher; second vice president. John !
J. McNaughton; third \ Ice president, F A. '
Haas; recording secretary. A. S. J. Woods;.;
financial secretary. C P. Feely; treasurer, J.
H. Donohue: executive committee — A. J. '
Hearst, Daniel B. Dwyer. Joseph Rudee. A. S. >
J. Wocds md Frank B. Sullivan; Mutual Bene- ,
tit Association committee — W, E. Murphy. A. :
R. Imbrie. F. B. McStocker, George J. Asmus- I
sen and John L.. Sullivan.
Metal Polishers' and Buffers' Union No. 128 •
— President. Thomas Caldwell; vice president, j
•William Edeell: recording secretary, Eugene ;
Dingley; financial secretary, John Guthrle; I
treasurer. William Meredith; s*rgeant at arms.
AVilliam Skinner.
Haekmen's Union — President. M. W. Coftey. !
\ice president. John Mclaughlin: recording
secretary. James Bowlan: financial secretary, j
Charles T. Quirey; warden, M. F. Shanncn.
Preparations on a grand scale, far
surpassing those of previous produc
tions, are under way by the Cooks' As
sociation of the Pacific Coast for the
fifth annual ball to be given next Sat- >
urday night in Native Sons' Hafl.
Particular attention is being devoted
to the "Culinary Art Display.' And
shculd it surpass the one which was on
exhibition at the last annual ball and
entertainment it will be well worth ,
•while patronizing.
JAMES MORTON BROWER
GOES TO HIS LAST REST
Typographical Union Pays a Fitting
Tribute to the Memory of Its
Departed Member.
Impressive services were held over
the remains of James Morton Brower
yesterday at the undertaking parlors
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., on Mis
sion street, where the relatives and
friends gathere 1 to pay the tribute of
their love and respect to ;he departed.
The services were conducted under
the auspices of San Francisco Typo
graphical Union No. 21. of which Mr.
Brower had been a faithful member.
A quartet composed of E. S. Belch
er, David Hughes, J. E. Hooper and
J. J. Chaudet, members of the craft,
rendered several sacred selections over
their fellow worker. Rev. F. M. Lar
kin, pastor of the Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church, said prayers for
the dead.
George N. Walton, who for years had
worked alongside of Mr. Brower in the
proofreading department of The Call,
paid a sterling eulogy to his lost
friend. He recalled many of the no
ble traits of character of the deceased
and said that The Call had lost an en
ergetic worker, who had rendered more
than twenty years of faithful service
to the paper.
The interment was at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. The following members
acted as bearers: Will J. French, J.
A. Snell. Fred E. Lake, J. H. Mac-
Mullen. E. Best and A. F. Smith. H.
Reid acted as marshal.
Mr. Brower leaves a widow, brother
and sister, Mrs. C. W. Pendleton, who
came from Los Angeles to attend the
funeral.
Favorable Report on Treaties.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8. — The Sen
ate Committee on. Foreign Relations
by unanimous vote to-day authorized a
favorable report on the arbitration
treaties between the United States and
several foreign governments. An
amendment was adopted providing for
th< submission to the Senate of each
ciaim to be arbitrated under the
treaties. The treaties are with Great
Britain. Portugal. France, Switzer
land. Germany, Italy, Spain and Aus
tria-Hungary.
Death of Walter F. Plunkett.
SEATTLE, Feb. 8. — Walter F.
Plunkett, a prominent young civil
engineer, died very suddenly this
evening. He wai a native of San
Francisco, where he had a mother
and sisters
. Am'ERTISEMEXTS.
MARSHALL FIELD MANAGER
Cured of Catarrh of Kidneys by
. Pe=ru=na.
'•£&?£■■ '■■ :'•■ :'■•' jjy' Iiw'SiIKSJGS?^ x : $)£9B^k i ' i '' .
fsis ■'■ < i > ■' '. '■ > cSv ■ ':*<WBwm«v: ■ sB"3KsS* «Ka»#a«
JOHN T. SHEAHAN
John T. Sheahan. who has been for seventeen years manager of Marshall Field
& Co.'s wholesale warehouse, and is Corporal 2d Regiment Infantry. I. N. O^
writes the following letter from 3753 Indiana avenue. Flat Six. Chicago. 111.:
" / caught a cold which seemed to settle in my kidneys and affected
them badly. I tried a couple of kidney remedies largely advertised',
but they did not help me any. One of my foremen told me of the
great help he had received in using Peru** in a similar case, and I
at once procured some.
"It was indeed a blessing to me. as I am on my feet a large part
of the day, and trouble, such as I had, affected me seriously, but four
bottles of Peruna cured me entirely, and I would not be without it for
three months' salary."
The ureters are small tubes that con- Wlmhw the kidney is affected by
vey from the kidneys their excretion. " catarrh it is known --is Bright « Disease.
The pelvis of the kidneys is a sort of Peruna la the remedy for catarrh
reservoir into -which all of the little wherever located— whether in the kid-
tubes of the kidneys empty. I neys. the bead, th© lungs or the pelvic
-•■-;- . i organs.
All these tubes and cavities are lined B2ckarhi» i* u«imiiv th» nrmt Q-mntnm
with mucous membranes very much like of^dney^roT.bie^ toe a^eara^e 3 J
the membranes of the nose, throat or tne nrBl svmplom Peruna should be '
mid«e etr. The mucous membrane of takf .,.. D*laya are dangerous often
.-the membrane to catarrh organ. causing fatal" results Hartman. Prudent
as the membrane of any other organ. .j..,, „  a „ ' . _
_^ ■ Address Dr. S. R. Hartman. Pr«>«M»nt
The catarrh may be acute or chronic of The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
It may be of the dry or humid variety. Ohio, for free medical advice.
IS SEED WHILE
ON HONEYMOON
♦
Special Dispatch to Trie Call.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. B. —"When Eleanor
Campbell O'Kelly returns from her
honeymoon trip with her bellboy hus
band she will be confronted with a suit
filed by Charles Rufus Campbell for
a division of the vast estate left by
the late Allen G. Campbell of Utah.
Hearing of the case has been set for
February 14. when Mrs. O'Kelly will
be called upon to show cause why the
son of her husband by a former wife
should not enter at .once into posses
sion of one-sixth of the entire estate.
Allen G. Campbell died here about
three years ago. He left an estate
estimated at about $1, 500.000, consist
ing of property in California. Nevada.
Utah and Kansas. The bulk of the es
tate is in land, mines and securities
in the State of Utah. The greater part
of this estate was left by the will to
the widow. The provisions of the will
placed the petitioner, Charles Rufus
Campbell, under the guardianship of
the widow.
Mrs. Campbell O'Kelly was formerly
a school teacher in Salt Lake City and
a society writer for one of tlie news
papers of that city. Last week she
startled Riverside by becoming the
bride of Frank C. O'Kelly. foraer bell
boy at the Glenwood Tavern aud about
flften years her Junior.
TWIN BABIES
BORN ON TRAIN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. B.— Twin sons were j
born to Mrs. W. E. Eastburn on a !
Southern Pacific train at Lathrop about ;
3:30 pclock this afternoon, while she and i
her husband were en route to this city
from Oregon City, Ore. A physician !
happened to be on the train and he :
«ired for the woman. Both babies are
healthy ones and with their mother are
none the worse for having come into I
the world under such conditions.
The railroad company ran the tourist ]
sleeper through to this city from Xilea
to accommodate the mother. Here an
ambuiance met the train and the East
burn family were taken at once to the
home of her father. W. C. Douglass.
•■ m ■
WAITER IS MISSING.— PauI C. Harris, a
waiter by occupation, is reported misjlns: from
his lodginsrs'at 19 Post street. Harris has
been acting in a queer manner lately and his
friends fear . that ■he ' has taken his life. He
was last seen February 5.
NEWB&G'S HERPICIDE
The ORIGINAL remedy that "kills the Dandruff Otnn."
GOIN&i GOING- ! \ v GONE 111
C ■««K mv un it. Kmcnc fill SAVE «l\ mun m mmam. ** -
A WOMANTQBE PRETTY ,, rO y S tt)is M env of b«auty an 4 nuMts 111* hair
must have pretty hair Beautiful Jocks have a . to resume its natural luster and abundance. M-
tubtle charm, for the poet says. " ralr most »iarv<?lous result* f«Kow me us* of rUrpkWa.
Imperial race ensnare The unpoeuc and in- An exquisite Mir dressing Overcoa»ejexce*».
tensely real dandruff microbe makes ih« hair dull. rye witness and makes toe hair Kg* m* flufiy. i
: brittle and luster l«s* with Uter dandruff." ttchior No *.rea»e or dye. Stops itching iniuntly.
• - One Skm, $1.00. UH iec;it«^ ««««« »• ■*■ ■• ■** ■*• * • "■*
ACTLICATIOaB AT fBOKnUHT t BAMCT WOW.
TEN-YEAR-OLD
AIDS A FORGER
Special Dispatch to Til* Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. B— A 10-year-old
boy. Roy Binder, is being detained at
the City Prison on the charge of pass
ing bogus checks. The prisoner claims
that he was given the checks by an
old man. but the police are mcli.'
believe that the boy has been w.irkinj;
them off for some forger.
Yesterday afternoon the hoy entered
the store of Charles Henry, at t li
ner of Seventh and San Fernando
streets, and presented a bogus check
for 96. Henry at once notified th^ po
lice station and Captain Campbell soon
after arrested the lad. Binder *aid that
he met an old man on Fifth street a
short time before and th- na i
him 10 cents if he would pass th»
check. A search was made for the oid
man, but he could not be found. Some
time ago other business houses were
victimized by bogus checks passed by
a boy, and Binder was to-day identi
fied as the one who passed the checks.
SEAMETB I \lo\ WOULD
RAISE STANDARD OF SKILL
Andrew Furuseth Proposes Amend
ment to Bill Now Before *
House Committee.
WASHINGTON. Feb. — Vigorous
efforts are being made by the Inter
national Seamen's Union to raise the
standard of skill in seamanship in or
der to reduce to a minimum marine
disasters. The House Committee on
Merchant Marine and Fisheries re
ported a bill yesterday amending the
statute on this subject, which was pre
pared at the Department of Commerce
and Labor, but. in the opinion of
members of the union, this bill Is not
specific enough in defining the stand
ard. Through Andrew Furuseth of
San Francisco, chairman of the legis- •
lative committee, important amend
ments to the bill have been proposed
covering these points: ,
That not less than throe-fourths of each,
complement called for by any minimum man
sin? schedule established by the Department
of Commerce and Labor in case of deck crews
of American vessels shall be individually ef
fective hands that - is, -of ratines not lower
than able seamen.
That the able seaman shall be considered
the unit upon which to calculate the number
of effective hands, an ordinary seaman to b«
counted as two-third* of one ♦effective Sana
and a toy to be counted as one-third of on*
effective hand. 'TtMMHI
That an abia «»amaa. within the meaning
of law. must be 19 years or more of age and
must have had at least tare- years' experience*
at sea. of which at least one year shall bar* 0
been aboard a sailing or other seagoing 1 vessel.
WASHINGTON. Feb. S.— The Interior De
partment has temporarily withdrawn from alt
forma of disposal 345.600 arre« in the Carson
City iNev.) land district on account of th--
Truckee-Carson Irrigation project.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
YOUNG MOTHER BORROWS BOY
AND KEEPS HIM.
Parent Hunts Son
MARSHAL OF BERKELEY IS ASKED TO
HELP FIND THE MISSING LAD.
BERKELEY, Feb. S.— Mrs. Mary
Fields of Madison, Yolo County, has no
objection to lending her boy to persons
requiring the pervices of a "chunky"
< leven -year-old youth, but she feeis
1 hat the article, once borrowed, nhould
be returned within B reasonable time —
bay 6ix months.
-. Field* ynunp son was lent for
the vacation period, iMMt summer, to a
voman In San Francisco, a stranger to
Fields, and both b->y and woman
hkve rone out of h< r View. The mother
is perturbed and v? investigating the
matter and ha? written the following
: erkeley.
UNIVERSITY
RECEIVES ITS
RACING SHELL
BERKELEY. Feb. 6. — The rowing club of
Hi* university has been Informed of the ar
rival at Oakland of Its hew racing shell,
purchased tor $400 from Cornell. Stanford
ordered a Ehell from Cornell, identical with
that bought by California, and the two were I
chipped together from New York. They now j
IS? on flat cars in The freight yards at Oakland.
Golden "C" emblems were awarded by the j
A. S. V. C. executive committee last night >
to the representative* or California in the I
re-cent Carnot debate with Stanford. The men j
thus honored are W. J. Mufgr E. C. Baker i
and M. E. Harrison. The Carnot team is to j
be tendered a banquet at an Oakland hotel oil |
Saturday night, February IS. The congress '
and senate have charge of the affair. The i
committee which le arranging the details in- |
eludes G. B. Gi'.lson, Ben Walker, B. S. Haw- .
ley, H. H. K<-:iey. D. Hadsell and F. P.
Griffith. Many members of the faculty will
be invited to attend.
The graduate coach football system Is to be
the subject of a debate by the students' con- i
£r<rfs on the evening of February 21 at Stiles
Hall.
The Pelican, a humorous publication edited
by university students. Is to be given over to
vomen students next week and they will ,
publish the paper on St. Valentine's day.
Miss Alice Phillips Is In charge of the enter- :
X'rfse.
Miss Kathenne Hershey, who is to have .
charpe of the Occident en woman's day, has ;
arnounced the names of her staff of associates,
the list including the following* Virginia
■Whitehead. Isabel Mcßeynolds. Sybil Jones. !
Kliiabeth Frazer. Eleanor Gassaway, Alice
rhillips. Camllle Johnston. Irma Weill. Irene
tialnes. Florence Alnsk-y. Irma Frank, Frances
Frost, Marian Morrow. •
Tho half-hour of mask In the Greek Theatet
rtxt Sunday Is to be supplied. by the Women* |
fhcral Society.
im)l.a\oki:ks will instxi.l
nkwl.v eubcted officers
Sixteenth Annual Convention of Ala
meda ( ountv Union Will Be
Held V\t I riday.
OAKLAND. Feb. *.— The Christian
Endeavor Union of Alameda County
will hold its sixteenth annual conven
tion at the First Methodist Episcopal
Church on Friday, February 10. Two
us will be hejd, the first begin
ning at 3:30 p. m. and the second at
7:ID p. in. At 5:30 p. m. a
luit h will be served
in the parlors of the church.
The i rog! ;. mine of the afternoon ses-
Fion includes a praise service led by
the junior chorus and addresses by
-worth. E. A. Hugill. the
Rev. B. Dent Neylor and a number
of others.
The evening session will open with
rnony meeting conducted by Dr.
». This will be followed by
a business meeting, after which the
offio | for the present year
will b<? installed by the Rev. T. A.
Royer.
The cjosinp address will be deliv
by ihr Rev. E. R. Dille. The
other speakers j f t th» evening session
will he W. S. Jenkins, the Rev. Mr.
■one and J. EC While.
Hibtor> Making Trowd.
OAKLAND. Feb. B.— Frank K. Mott
has presented to the Merchants' Ex
change the trowel that was used in
placing the Oakland stone in the Sloat
Monument at Monterey. Mr. Mott was
one of the committee Interested in the
jilaring of the stone and secured the
trowel, which is of sterling silver. Mr.
Siott has had the instrument engraved
as follows: "Trowel used in laying the
Oakland stone in the Sloat Monument,
September 12. 1904. Presented by
Frank K. Mott, Master of Live Oak
Lodge No. €1. F. and A. M."
Basket Work of Indian*.
BERKELEY. Feb. — An exhaus
tive discussion of the art of basket
making by the Indians of Northern
Cellfornia is contained in a bulletin on
the subject, just Issued by A. L. Kroe
ber. executive officer for the anthropo
logical department of the University
of California. Mr. Kroeber, after re
ferring- to the names the Indians give
to their designs on baskets, declares
hifi belief that none of the designs or
names are intended to be symbolistic,
like the work of some Indian tribes of
• the- Sou tit \J ;■. ,; ", " ;
MIHI'HV I l^ APPOINTED
TIHVM V AT s\\ i)\ i:\TI N
IVi«on Directors Provide Place for
Brave Official Itocently Dismissed
Warden Yeil
SAX RAFAEL. Feb. 8.-^-Capta.in R.
J. Murphy, who was recently dis
charged from Folsom Prison after
twenty-five years' strenuous service,
has been appointed turnkey at San
Quentln Prison.
It is- understood that the prison. dl
rectors at their meeting last Saturday
unanimously agreed on Murphy for the
position. Warden Tompkins an
nounced the appointment to-day.
J.Vfi; SHIPPI\<; INTF! UGKNCK.
ARRIVED.
Wr<JnpFday. .Fobruary «. ■'
Ftmr Ontor.nial. T'lorce. 72. hour* from
DOMESTIC term.
ABERDEEN— SaiIed F^b B— Briir I,urtin< .
lor San Francisco; «chr Kona, for Kan Pedro.
IELAND PORTS.
XAHUL.Ul— Arrived Fcb B— Stmr Argyll,
trcm Honolulu.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb — Stmr Sonoma,
hrnte Feb 3 lor Sydney.
FOREIGN PORT.
OYSTEH HAIJBOn— Palled Feb 7 — Rr etmr
WV.llinstor.. for .San Francisco. ■
TO LECTUKIt ON AIJItAHAM LINCOLN.—
Rev. William Uadcr will lecture Oils evening !
at the Klt-Bt Presbyterian Church. Van Ness !
avenue- and Sacramento street, am Abraham j
Ursula. i
I Dear Sir: Is there any one in your town
| or about there a woman by the name of H.
i Weise? Last June a woman giving the above
name called at the Youths' Directory In San
Francisco for a boy for the vacation. Since
then I have never heard from my boy, who
wag allowed 10 go out with her.
His name is Terence Fields, 11% years old,
fxtir complexion, light hair and eyes; of stout
build: good-elzed for his age. He has a, scar
on his forehead; quiet in manner and back
ward In actions. Please let me know !f you
hear of any such party. She carried a baby
in her arms and was young. Very respectfully
yours, MRS. . MARY FIELDS.
Marshal Kerns is unable to find any
trace either of a Mrs. Weise or the
youthful son of Mrs. Mary Fields and
has written accordingly to the mother
In Yolo County.
PUBLIC ENJOYS
POLACCO NIGHT
AT THE TIVOLI
Last night was a Polacco night at I
the Tivoli, with a brilliant and power
ful interpretation of "Andre Chenier"
Ito his credit. Signor Polacco had the
[ honor to conduct the premiere of the
i opera in Milan under the guidance of
the composer, and has here had better
opportunity in rehearsals than with
most others of the operas given. Last
mini's production accordingly showed
I the conductor at his best, as a leader of
striking resourcefulness, utmost intelli
and thorough musicianship.
Signor Polacco was most ably seconded
by the orchestra, which was in excell
ent form and luminously illustrated the
rfully picturesque and most sym
pathetic reading of the conductor.
The principals concerned were
Frosinl in the title role, La Puma as
Girard, and Berlindi as Maddalena,
Frosini showed up in excellent fashion,
giving a virile and dramatic portrait
of Chenier, effective from the vocal
side, wanting something perhaps of
poetry, but on the whole very satisfy
ing. His debut with Berlindi in, the
second act aroused large enthusiasm.
Berlindi added yet more to her large
score as Maddalena. evincing all her
usual line- sincerity, picturesque emo
tional powers and vocal capability. La
Puma surprised. His Qirard showed
unusual temperamental grip and was
sung in part with the fine vocal power
he occasionally permits us to suspect,
and acted in spots as if he had
quitf forgotten La Puma. The
more rapidly and fully he can for
get him is evidently the secret of suc
cess for the singer. Cortesi again was
capital as usual as the dandy. Miss
Barker as Bersi furnished much i
P' sture and little voice, but as Made- I
lon supplied a really effective bit of !
acting and singing. The chorus did ex
oellent credit to Signor Longo's train
ing last night— it did its best work so
far of the season. The production was
altogether notable--if Mr. Jordan's
Sacramento solo had not been such a
brilliant affair I should say so at more
length.
BLANCHE PARTI NGTON
The Dolnietsehes.
The Dolmetsches at Lyric Hall last
evening inducted an intensely musical
audience into the music of the time
of William Shakespeare. All the in
strumental and the vocal numbers
were from Shakespeare's time and
many of them were alluded to and
were used in the performances of his
plays when he was alive. Mr. Dol
metachc made clear hitherto obscure
portions of Shakespeare's text by ex
plaining the office and significance of
the music that Shakespeare knew.
Mrs. Dolmetsche and Miss Salmon
ably assisted. The music was
sweet and much more pretentious
than might be supposed to be the ease
< onsidering its antiquity. Its chief
characteristics were delicacy and
grace. This evening Mr. and Mrs.
Dolmetsche and Miss Salmon will il
lustrate the Italian music of the sev
enteenth and eighteenth centuries.
Present Saber to Thrir ('apt it in.
OAKLAND, Feb. 8. — A handsome
s;il/f-r was presented to Captain H. J.
L,eonnrd of Company M, League of
the Crs>ss Cadets, by the members of
the company last night at the annual
banquet of the organization, which
was held in St. Francis de Sales Hall.
The presentation was made by Lieu
tenant J. J. Gillick. Among those
present at the banquet were Colonel
J. E. Power, Major B. L. McKkiley
and the Rev. F. O'Ryan.
TEX THOUSAND POUNDS
OF DYNAMITE EXPLODES
Many Miners Killed or Maimed and
Men Miles Distant Knocked
Down.
CALUMET, Mich.. Feb. 8. — Ten
thousand pounds of dynamite stored
underground in a magazine at the
eighth level, No. 3 shaft of the North
■avgC branch of the Osceola Con
solidated mine, exploded to-day, kill
ing at ]e;ist three men <'in<i injuring
many others. The impact was felt
f<ir iniies around, and men working
in other portions of the mine some
miles from the explosion were
knocked down. The cause of the
disaster may never be known, as
William Pollitt Jr., the man who was
in charge- of the powder, was blown
into thousands of pieces, no trace of
him having been found.
JOHN U SULLIVAN MAY
OI'KN SALOON* IX PORTLAND
IhitjiJist Writes to fe the Chief of Po
lice in Regard to the • *
License. N T. I 3
PORTLAND, Feb. Chief of Police
Hunt to-night received a telegram from
John L.. Sullivan inquiring/ what the
chances were for the ex-puglilist to ob
tain a license to run a : saloon in Port
land. The Chief an,d Sullivan are old
friends and the former will use his in
fluence to have the license granted. ,
The supposition 'is that "Sullivan
wishes to have a saloon here during the
fair. If Sullivan comes be will bring
with him the famous $10,000' Jeweled
belt to hang behind the bar. The sport
ing fraternity here considers this the
greatest, honor the town has ever " re
, ceived.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1905.
AVERS WIRING
IS DANGEROUS
City Electrician of Alameda
Asserts Live Lines Are Not
Insulated in a Safe Manner
LIABLE TO CAUSE FIRES
Thinks City Trustees Should
Enact Measure Regulating
the Wiring of Buildings
ALAMEDA. Feb. B.— City Electri
cian Joseph B. Kahn, who succeeded
G. A. Wiese as the head of the Mu
nicipal Electric Light and Power
Works, declares that much of the
electrical wiring done in local resi
dences and business buildings is un
safe and not in conformity with the
requirements of the National Board of
Underwriters.
Kahn asserts that .he has already
inspected numerous houses, and in
many of them he found that the elec
tric wires were without the proper
insulations and were run through par
titions without being prevented from
coming in contact with the woodwork.
Regarding- the result of his investiga
tions Kahn said:
Taking: into consideration the manner In
which live wires have bain run through many
building* here, it is a surprise to me that
there have not been more fires started as a
i>-^ult of deficient insulation. Wires that
should be heavily Insulated I found In many
instances almost bare an>i to rest directly on
vi ,Uv, rk. instead of betiuc kept away from
the walls by proper porcelain fittings. I am
Jt accusing any one of careless wiring, but
there i<= ample evidence that a great deal of
wiring has been dune in Alameda in a manner
that would nut be recognized as safe by the
national board of underwriters. I believe the
situatit n •lemande action by the City Trustees.
An ordinance should be passed stipulating
Ju«t how electrical wiring should be done in
Alameda.
ATTEMPTS TO EVADE
FEDERAL INJUNCTION
Scavengers' Attorney Thinks He Can
Find a Way to Get Around
a Restraining Order.
OAKLAND, Feb. 8. — How to cir
cumvent the order of United States
Circuit Judge W. W^ Morrow restrain
ing the scavengers from doing business
in Oakland, pending final- decision in
the case of the Pacific Incinerating
Company, grave Attorney J. H. Cree^ley,
the scavengers' representative, a men
tal problem to-day. Creeley declares
he recognizes the full import of the
Federal Court's injunction, but he has
hopes of meeting the order and still
leaving room for his clients to continue
collecting garbage.
The scavengers, according to their
attorney, are not debarred from gath
ering "waste matter."
L. S. Church, attorney for the in
cinerating company, announced to-day
that the first scavenger who moved a
wheel after he had been served with
the order would be haled before the
Circuit Court for contempt. Church
contends that the temporary injunc
tion is» in full effect and is binding
on the scavengers. The cases of twenty
recently arrest^ l scavengers were on
the Police Court dockets this morning,
but all of them were continued.
VOTING MACHINES WILL,
BF. ISED IN OAKLAND
Thirty of the Ballot Recorders Of
ferred for a Test at Municipal
Election.
OAKLAND, Feb. 8. — Voting ma
chines, will be used at the municipal
election on March 13. The City
Council in committee of the whole to
night decided to accept the offer of
Frank C. Jordan of the free use of
at least thirty United States Standard
voting machines, provided the legality
of the arrangement is formally af
firmed by the City Attorney. Jordan
said he might be able to furnish a
machine for each of the fifty odd vot
ing precincts.-
The Council postponed the water
rate fixing hearing until Monday
night. Councilman Pendleton re
quested the water company to pro
duce its data on revenue sources,
t;ixes and other necessary informa
tion. The finance committee recom
mended the payment of engineers in
the Bay City Water Company investi
gation as follows: J. B. Howell,
$2500; A. M. Hunt, $2500; F. C.
Turner, $1000. The city's share of
the expense is one-half.
CLAREMONT COUNTRY CLUB
MAKES SEVERAL INNOVATIONS
IJy-Laws Are Amended With a View
to Increasing the Membership
of Organization.
OAKLAND, Feb. 8. — The directors
of the Claremont Country Club have
decided to adopt innovations in the
management of the club, the purpose
of which is to increase the member
ship of the organization and insure a
larger attendance at the social func
tions given by It. The by-laws relat
ing to fees and dues have been
amended so that now the entrance fee
of $100 paid by the head of a family
extends the privileges of the club to
all the members of his family of des
ignated ages.
The monthly dues are as follows:
For th« head of a family, $5; for men,
$6; for women, $2 50; for a family of
more than two persons, $10. The en
trance fees and dues of members of
the faculty of Berkeley and Stanford
universities will bf one-half, the reg
ular fee, and no entrance fees will be
required of army and navy officers
and attaches of foreign embassies.
Must Send Children to School.
OAKLAND. Feb. 8. — Police Judge
Samuels told Manuel Alameda to-day
that unless he could find a way to
send his children to school the derelict
parent should go to Jail. The father,
who resides at 1861 Fifth street, as
serted that his hopefuls were beyond
his control. His Honor, declared the
law must be upheld, but he gave Ala
meda time in which to tfolve the situ
ation.
Death of Edward Bernstein.
OAKLAND, Feb. 8.-i-Edward Bern
stein, an aged insurance agent, died
suddenly this afternoon at Theodore
Gier's wine rooms, Washington street,
near Ninth. Bernstein had been ill
for some time. .He was a native of
Germany, 79 years old. The funeral
will be held Friday afternoon at 2
o'clock from the Bernstein residence,
1018 Jefferson street.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. — Oakland. Feb. S.
The following marriage ■ licenses -. were ; Issued
by the i County Clerk . to-day: Chement R.
Liiiivllif, .14. and ; Irene Salvador, s 24. •' both i o/
Santa ; Rosa; ■■ Charles L.. !*>atea, •_ over > 21, Pan
Francisco, and Myrtle Bryan, over ; 18, Berke
ley: Benedict J ; KairV 2«. Sacramento,; and
Ida Berg,' 24, EmeryVJlo; Charles J. Crandall
23,. San Francisco, end Louisa William*. 18,
Antloch.
SURPRISE HIM
WITH CHARGES
Superintendent of Schools
Answers Letters He Has
Received From Citizens
WATEIiMAN'S FIGURES
Gives Account of Money Used
in Construction of the New
Carnegie Library Building
Berkeley Office San Francisco Can,
2148 Center street, Feb. 8.
Distressed and surprised because of
the receipt of letters charging that
there was "graft" in connection with
the construction of the $40,000 Carnegie
Library here, Superintendent of
Schools S. D. Waterman, who is also
president of the board of library trus
tees, to-day issued an "open letter to
the people of Berkeley," giving a de
tailed account of the expenditures in
connection with the building.
Mr. Waterman has a letter signed
"Charles Miller," in which the writer
says that he and "many of his friends"
will oppose the issuance of school
bonds in the sum of $150,000, aa pro
posed by the School Department, un
less he is assured that the money will
be in other hands than those ' which
built the Carnegie Library. The writer
asserts that "every contractor or citi
zen knows that the library could easily
have been constructed for $30,000, in
stead of the $40,000 that was expended."
Superintendent Waterman's reply to
this is in part as follows:
TO THE PEOPLE OF BERKELEY:
In accordance with a . promise made at the
opening of the new Library building:, and In
Justice to the public, who are entitled to know
about the manner in which their servants per
form their duties, the following- statement as
to the erection of the building; is made:
On November 3, 1903. bids were received by
the Board of Library Trustees for the erection
of the building according: to the plans of Mr.
John Galen Howard, which had already been
adopted.
The architect was authorized to consult with
the lowest bidder to Bee if the price could tw»
reduced to $35,000. On November 10 the archi
tect reported that he and Mr. Grelg had
changed the specifications, substituting brick
for terra cotta and stone, so as to make a re
duction of $3005; finished in pine, leaving the
figures at $33,985. Afterward, at the same
meeting it was decided to have the wood finish
In the main rooms of the second story and thp
main hallway on the first floor done in oak.
At a meeting held on November 23 the presi
dent and secretary were authorized to sogn
the contract with Mr. GrPig for the construc
tion of the building as sonn as exact figures
were agreed upon by Mr. Greig and the archi
tect.
On November 28, 1903, the contract was
signed for the erection of the building at a
cost of |34, 534. The books are open for inves
tigation.
The library trustees, besides Mr.
Waterman, are A. W. Nalor, president
of the First National Bank of Berke
ley; Professor Leon J. Richardson of
the Latin department of the University
of California; Charles Sleeper and
Charles P. Henry. None seem to know
who "Charles Miller" is who writes to
Superintendent Waterman.
FRANCO-TURKISH RUPTURE
DUE TO GERMAN THRIFT
Berlin Financiers In Complete Pos
session of Ottoman Empire's
Financial Field.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. B.—Ger
many's victory In capturing the con
tract for the rearmament of the Turk
ish artillery threatens to result in a
serious disturbance of Franco-Turkish
political relations. French Embassador
Constans proposes to leave Constanti
nople soon for Paris to consult with
Foreign Minister Delcasse. Meanwhile
the Embassador has informed the
Turkish Government that the French
market is closed to any fresh Turkish
loan.
Tewfik Pasha, the Turkish Foreign
Minister, tried to compromise by offer
ing to settle the Syrian Railway ques
tion in a manner satisfactory to the
French claimants and to purchase mil
itary equipment to the value of $2,300,
000 in France. The Embassador, how
ever, demanded the expenditure of
$6,000,000. being one-third of the value
of the new armament, with French
gun factories and the complete satisfac
tion of the French demands regarding
the railroads. These terms the Em
bassador declared to be final, and, not
having received a reply on February 6,
he informed the Turkish Government
that he refused to continue the nego
tiations, adding that the French mar
ket was closed to further Turkish
loans.
As a result of this notification the
Ottoman Bank withdrew its proposals
for the projected loan. The Deutsche
Bank then came to the Porte's aid with
an offer to assist the treasury. The
Germans are thus for the moment in
complete possession of the financial
field, and an irade has already been
promulgated ordering the purchase of
all the new guns in German factories,
but it has been decided only to rearm
sixty batteries at present, instead of
142, as originally proposed.
NEW COMET OBSERVED
AT LICK OBSERVATORY
Professor Altken Computes the Orbit
of Latest Member of Solar
System.
SAN JOSE, Feb, B.— Professor Aitken
of the Lick Observatory has observed
the faint comet discovered by Borelli
at Marseilles on December 28 last. For
eight nights the comet has been seen at
Lick, and in computing its orbit Dr.
Aitken has found that it is traveling in
an elliptical path around the sun. It
completes its orbit in seven years and
four months. It is thus a member of
our solar system. Its nearest approach
to the sun is between the earth and
Mars, and its greatest distance from
the sun is Just outside the orbit of Ju
piter. The comet is of the tenth mag
nitude and may be seen with a tele
scope of moderate size.
SUBTLEST OF POISONS
FOR WIVES OF HOCH
Chicago Physician Believes Curve
Was Placed Upon Their
Wedding Rings.
CHICAGO, Feb. 8. — Curare, the
most subtle and deadly poison j
known to modern science, Is believed I
by Dr. Joseph Springier, formerly
Coroner's physician, to have caused
the death of Johan Hoch's wives. Dr.
Springer Is convinced the fatal drug
was administered by means of en
gagement or wedding rings. He said
to-day:
By turning: the Inner edge of the ring, or
making it rough or sharp, or In any manner
applying the curare on the rough edge and
then slipping the ring on the finger no as to
cause the slightest abrasion of the skin death
would follow.
It would only be necessary for the slightest
quantity of the poison to reach the .blood
i One-sixtieth of a grain of curare is fatal, j
SAYS DIVORCE
IS NECESSITY
Wife Would Banish Club
man, Stating That Popping
Corks Spoil His Temper
IS HER SECOND ACTION
The Troubles of George E.
Lawrence Reach a Climax
and He Must Make Defense
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Feb. 8.
Despairing of being able to live with
her husband, Mrs. Laura I. Lawrence
began a second action of divorce I
against George E. Lawrence, clubman
j and bon vivant, to-day. Their troubles j
have gained publicity on a number of i
occasions owing to the fact that his [
life, she avers, is accompanied by the i
popping of many corks, in conse- ,
I quence of which he arrives at home in j
the small hours in an intoxicated con- j
] dition. When home, his wife alleges,
jif things do not go to suit him he I
, makes a wreck of the establishment. !
Lawrence is reputed to be worth !
$250,000 and has a monthly income j
of $500 which keeps him busy spend- I
ing it. Twice his wife has had to re
sort to the police to restrain him.
Last July she began an action for di
vorce, which she afterward dismissed,
their troubles having been patched up.
They were married at Napa in 1903
and have one child and have a pretty
home at 3655 Piedmont avenue.
A final decree of divorce was
granted Charles P. Reed to-day from
Winifred A. Reed on the ground of
desertion. Anna M. Mitchell has filed
an amended cross-complaint to the
divorce action brought by W. A.
Mitchell, a traveling salesman, and
eliminated all her charges of a more
serious nature than desertion.
"HAYFOOT, STRAWFOOT"
ORDER IS RESCINDED
Captain Xanee Relents and the Digni
fied Seniors Feel Greatly
Relieved.
BERKELEY, Feb. 8. — Captain J. T.
Nance to-day revoked the order re
quiring seniors to march in military
formation into classrooms for instruc
tion in the theory and practice of mili
tary science. This was the order
whose promulgation two months ago
when Captain Nance took charge of
that department of the university
caused a wild tumult on the campus,
followed by summary disciplining of
several riotous students. Hereafter
the dignified seniors will be permitted
to enter the department of military
science in their own way and will be
absolved from what they have termed
the childish method of "hayfoot,
strawfoot" to sit at the feet of Captain
Nance in his elucidations of the mys
teries of right face and left face and
the reasons therefore. Captain Nance
has not given an explanation for the
rescinding of the order. He has fol
lowed strict military custom and rule
In that regard.
LAVISHES GOLD
ON SWEETHEART
Small Boy Steals Coin and
Has a Gay Time Until
the Police Catch Him
Henry Gardemeyer, a 14-year-old
boy, who lives at 713 Polk street, is in
the City Prison accused of the theft of
$680 in coin from F. Kaiser, who con
ducts a delicatessen store under the
Gardemeyer apartments. The lad con
fesses that he took part of the money.
The sum of $107 was recovered, $80 of
which was in the possession of his
sweetheart, one year his junior.
In accounting for the missing balance
Gardemeyer tells a tale of buggy rides,
expensive suppers, theater parties, can
dy and ice cream sodas. His sweet
heart, Daisy Magnin of 17 Willow ave
nue, to whom he intrusted the sack of
gold soon after he had stolen it and
who supplied him with funds on de
mand, is also accused by him of having
appropriated a large sum to her own
use and of having made no account
of It.
Gardemeyer was formerly employed
by Kaiser, but quit his position about
six weeks ago to go to Portland. He
returned to this city on January 20 and
four days later came in possession of
the gold, which he knew was kept be
hind the cash register.
When he abandoned hope of return
ing the money he resolved that his
sweetheart and he should live the life
of the merry as long as the wealth held
out. Buggy rides to the cliff occurred
daily and theater parties were arranged
as evening diversion. Gardemeyer was
»ot shabby in his arrangement of mat
ters, and a box was always provided
for the party, as well as a sumptuous
supper afterward. Meantime the sack
grew smaller, and one day when some
thing over $100 had disappeared, of
which he had no knowledge and for
which he did not ask, ho took the cus
todian to task and asked for an ex- j
planation, and she could give none.
During these days of revelry Detec- '
tives Dinan and Wren were at work on \
| the case and had no difficulty in trac- '
ing the theft to the youth. They learned ,
of his lavish use of coin, anu last night
confronted him at his home with the
evidence they had. Gardemeyer broke I
down and confessed. The boy has not !
been charged yet, but the detectives
will make arrangements by which he
shall appear to answer before the juve
nile court.
! INJURED IN A RUNAWAY.— Thomas Ma-
Iguire. an employe of the Board of Health
who live* at 185 Preelta avenue, was thrown
out of his buggy yesterday at Howard and
, Sixteenth «str*rts. He was taken to his home
I and treated for some sllrht bruises.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CAM,
SMALL ADS.
NEAR
CUT GLASS
FRUIT PLATE.
Free With Every Small Ad hi
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars'.
WANT WEALTH
HE SCATTERED
Son and Widow Deny Legal
ity of Will of Capt. Fletcher
Giving Estate to Strangers
TONS AGAINST FAMILY
Old Mariner Meets Sweet
heart of Early Days and
Leaves Her Large Bequest
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Feb. 8.
To prove by letters, acts, and deeds
to property that her husband had
i loved her for thirty-three years, but |
; that at his death he left a large share
j of his estate to another woman is the
i history of a day's session in the trial
of an action brought by Mollie
j Fletcher and her son Albert to have j
the will of her late husband, Captain!
]>Roy Fletcher, set aside on the '
ground that he was mentally unsound.
Fletcher was a , steamship captain.
He traveled up and down the coast.
A year or two before his death he met ,
a Mrs. Leveina Emerson of 245 Texas
street In San Francisco. The two had j
known each other in their ' childhood .
days in Maine, and a strange fancy
trek possession of the old salt. He.
then deserted his home for another's
and on the day he died left his own
home early in the morning and went
to that of Mrs. Emerson and died
there. He left . an estate of about
$30,000 and bequeathed Mrs. Emerson
a legacy of $2000 and an interest in a
ship. He disinherited his own son and
gave away all but a half of his prop
erty to strangers.
The son has brought the action to
have the will set aside, alleging that
his father had had no less than eight
apoplectic strokes and that after the
first one a. noticeable change came
over him which grew more marked as
the succeeding ones occurred until he
dfserted his friends for strangers.
The case is being heard before Judge
Ogden and a Jury. ' ~i~\;
— •—
COLLEGE GLEE CLUB MEN
DID NOT GO FLIRTING
Mills College President Gives Uni
versity Boys Clean Bill of
Health.
BERKELEY, Feb. 8. — Strenuous
denial ia made by the glee club men
of the university to-day of the edi
torial charges by J. P. Loeb in the
Californian that they misbehaved, by
flirting with the girls of Mills College,
during the concert there last Friday
night, and their denial is backed up
by an official statement from Mrs.
Mills, head of the girls' seminary, who
i.s exercised over the matter.
Mrs. Mills has written a letter to
Stuart Hawley, manager of the glee
club, in which she says the criticisms
of the singers' acts while at her college
are unfair and unfounded. She denies
that her girls were the subjects of
flirtatious attacks by the college visi
tors within her gates, and gives the
young collegians a clean bill of health,
as gentlemen and concert singers.
• _•_
WHEN DIVORCES
BECOME FINAL
Supreme* Court Establishes
Status of the Absolute
Decrees Given in Error
Absolute divorces granted by certain
Superior Judges in the interim between
the passage of the interlocutory decree
law and the affirmation of its validity
by the Supreme Court are void accord
ing to an opinion signed by the seven
Justices of the State's highest tribunal
yesterday. It is held, however, that
the absolute divorce shall be con
sidered as an interlocutory decree and
the judgment may be made final on
application. The question was brought
before the Supreme Court on the pe
tition of James Grannis that Judge
Kunt be restrained from annuling his
previous judgment granting an abso
lute decree.
At the time the interlocutory divorce
law was passed, many legal experts
claimed the provision was invalid. In
accordance with this view. Judge Mel
vin of Oakland, Judge Rhodes of San
Jose and other Superior Judges in dif
ferent parts of California granted ab
solute divorces as they had done under
the old law. When the case was
brought before the Supreme Court,
the Justices sustained the validity of
the measure. Several people who had
remarried on the strength of the abso
lute decrees illegally rendered found
themselves in an unfortunate predica
ment.
In the Grannis case, the wife had
secured an absolute decree In July,
1603. In August, 1904, she asked that
the judgment be set aside in view of
the Supreme Court decision upholding
the interlocutory law. Judge Hunt
signified his intention of altering the
original order so as to make the 1903
decree interlocutory instead of final.
Grannis petitioned the Supreme Court
to restrain the Judge from taking any !
sui h action and requested that the '
divorce be made final from the date of !
entering the decree. The Justices say ■
that the absolute decree was illegal
and therefore void but that Judge
Hunt's subsequent order making it in- |
terlocutory was just.
After the Supreme Court had sus
tained the latter law, p. Claudius of ,
Oakland petitioned Judge Melvin to
make an absolute decree in plaintiffs
case interlocutory from the time the
judgment was rendered. Judge Melvin
made the order interlocutory from the
time the Supreme Court had sustained
th* law and Claudius appealed. It is
ordered that his interlocutory decree
be dated from 1903 as he desires.
Pay for Alameda's Water.
Hermann Schussler. chief engineer
of the Spring Valley Water Works, re
sumed his testimony yesterday morn
ing before United States Commission
er Heacock and gave a list of the per
sons and incorporations outside of the
city and county of San Francisco to
whom the company is compelled to
deliver water by contract. This in
cludes a large number of persons in
Alameda and San Mateo counties, re
ceiving all .ne way from 500 gallons
a day to 500,000 gallons a day. The
operating expenses of the plant from
which this water is supplied are paid
by the consumers in this city.
*•
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL »
ALAMEDA COUNTY
- ' OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
IiAWYKtto 1^ Mk * unto
CASE COMB TO BLOWS
Judge Boone and V. E. Shaw Clash
in Gay Proceedings in San
Diego.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. — Lawyers in
the Gay divorce case, which has been
much in the public eye for some time
past; came to blows last evening over
the service of some papers in the case.
The action has been bitterly fought
and the attorneys have not been on
speaking terms.
Last evening Judge L. L. Boone, at
torney for Gay, asked V. E. Shaw to
accept service of a bill of exceptions
en one of the issues of "the case and.
on being refused, intimated -that' the -
other lacked the instincts of a gentle
man. Blows followed but before seri
ous injury could be done the two were
separated. Their differences were
made up this afternoon and each ex
pressed regret that the trouble had
occurred.
NKW ORDER WILL t lIAVGF
APPEARANCE OF PRES
Temporary Camp of \V*^ath**T-Beat«-n
Tents to Be Removed From
Lombard-Street Gate.
The line of weather-beaten tents
near the Lombard-street gate at the
Presidio, which added a picturesque
appearance to the entrance to the
reservation, will soon be a thing of
the pAt. Colonel Morris, command
ing the Presidio, has ordered their
removal. The tents served as a tem
porary camp for passing regiments
during the late war. The departure
of the Twenty-nrst Infantry leaves
their permanent buildings vacant and
these will be occupied by troops tem
porarily stationed at the Preside
The army transport Dix arrived on
the sth at Honolulu homeward bound
from the Philippines. The Sherman
Is due at Honolulu to-day and car
ries the Twenty-flrst Infantry to the
Philippines. The transport Logan has
left Honolulu and is rapidly nearin*
this port. She is due to arrive on th«
11th.
Captain R. S. Woodson of the med
ical department, with station at Fort
McDowell, is staying at the Califor
nia HotPl and registered at army
headquarters yesterday.
William Graves Takes His Life.
William Graves, a conductor in the
Southern Pacific Company's employ,
committed suicide last Tuesday night
by Inhaling gas in a room at Central
avenue and California street. The
only word left by the dead man was
this memorandum: "To whom it may
concern: My name is Graves* that's
all." A railroad official called at th*
Morgue yesterday and identified the
dead man. He said Graves lived at
2437 Fifth street. West Berkeley. H«
also said that he believed Graves had
been in trouble with the railroad
company. Graves had been living with
a woman named Amande TlerniccL
though he had a wife and four chil
dren, whom he had not lived with for
some time.
Seeks Charles Wyman's Release.
Attorneys representing Charles Wy
man. the convicted ballot box stuffer.
petitioned the Supreme Court yester
day for a writ of habeas corpus in
favor of their client on the ground that
the primary election law is unconsti
tutional. The same question Is already
before the Supreme Court in the cases
of Rebstock and Steffens.
> ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
.rr : ' ' " « — | Positively cured by
PAQTTDv thesß Little Pills.
vMil I Li\O rhg 7 also n]leY9 D*
n tress from Dyspepsia. Io-
W&jp I TTLE digestion and Too Hearty
Eg IW C B Eating; A perfect rem-
|3 ■ •-■ W - Ct edy tor Dizziness. Nausea.
El PILLS. Drowsiness. Bad Taste
!!"]■■ la the Mouth. Coated
■HMI Tongue. Pain in tile Side.
l^^^^^^ I TORPID LIVER. THey
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
GARTERS! CUR£ SICK H£ADACfIg "
Oittle Genuine Must Bear
1 IVER Fao-Simila Stgnatui*
■ PILLS. -0 °-p - - -■WOMEN CRY AS MRS. WEBER'S
CLOTHING IS EXHIBITED.
Grewsotne Details of Awful Tragedy
Arc Given by Citizens of Auburn
AUBURN. Feb. B.— The picture of the
removal of the bodies of Mrs. Mary
Weber, Bertha Weber and little Earl
Web<br from the burning home on the
r.ight of November 10 last was vividly
portrayed by several witnesses of the
awful spectacle to-day. During the
recital Adulph Weber seemed listless.
He showed very little animation at
cither of the sessions, spending his
time In gazing ftfrtively about the
court room. His features at times wore
a worn and tired expression-
Clarence Gear was one of the princi
pal witnesses of the day. He related
at length the finding of the pistol with
which young Weber is said to have
killed his relatives in the Weber. barn.
He said that he found empty shells in
the chambers of the weapon. The pistol
was lying on one of the sills of the
barn. Before he touched the weapon,
s»i<i the witness, he called to Detective ;
Homier to come and take it.
Beu Dc-pendener testified that he was
early at the scene of the fire. As he
was rushing around the burning house
hi said he met Adolph Weber and
heard some one sa\ , "Is there any one
in the house?"
"I heard some one say "I don't
know,' " continued the witness. "The
reply came from Adolph's direction."
The blood-stained undergarments of
Mary Weber were shown to J. T.
Walsh, an undertaker, for identiSca
tion. At the sight, of the grewsome
exhibit, Mrs. Snowden and Mrs. Hess,
sisters of the murdered woman, hurst ;
into tear?, but young Weber displayed
no emotion.
Guy Lukens told how he rushed to
the scene of the fire, and how, after
the window on the porch had been
broken in, he entered the front room
and in the darkness stumbled over the
bodies pf Mrs. Weber and Bertha
Weber. He described their removal
from the house.
George :u:h. who assisted in carry
ing out the bodies of Mary, Bertha and
lla rl Weber, was closely cross-exam
ined by Attorney Grove L. Johnson for
the defense. During the cross-exam
ir.ation Johnson said to Ruth. '"Several
days after tho burning of the Weber
h^roe did you not go down to Ophir
nnd there meet Fred Lutz and Charles ',
Vaughn?"
Ruth replied that he had been to
Ophir at that time.
"Did not Lutz say to you. 'Ruth, you
yet* a hero at the Weber fire,' and
*hen you asked him what he meant |
did he not say to you. 'Why, you car- !
ADVEKTISEM
. THE A M.I I OF CHARCOAL.
Few Proplo Know How Useful It Is In
rreservlnc Health and Beauty..
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant end purifier in nature, but
fey.- realize its value when taken Into i
th'; human system for the same cleans-
lr>K purpose.
Charooal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; It Is not a
drug: at all, but simply absorbs the ■
prases and impurities always present in |
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after j
pmokinj?. drinking or after ratine
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im- i
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth ar.d further acts as a natural j
and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels: it
disinfects the mouth and throat from ,
the poison of catarrh. Be^fS
All drusrgists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably th best
charcoal and the most for the money !
Is In Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they i
are composed of the finest powdered j
Willow charcoal nd other harmless |
antiseptics in tablet form, or rather in j
the form of largre, pleasant tasting ,
lozenges, the charcoal being mixed 1
with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
guon tell in a much improved condi- '
tion of the general health, better com- |
plfxion. sweeier breath and pur£r
blcod. and the beauty of it is that no j
possible harm can result from their j
continued use, but, on the contrary, j
great benefit.
A Buffalo physician, in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I ad- I
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all i
patients suffering from gas in stomach |
nnd bowels, and to clear the complex- i
ion and purify the breath, mouth and j
throat: I also believe the liver is great- i
ly benefited by the daily use of them;
they cost but twenty-five cents a box at
drug stores, and. although in some
sense a patent preparation, yet I be-
lieve I get more and better charcoal in
FJuart's Charcoal Lozenges than :in
«x>v of the ordinary charcoal tablets."
JUDGE BEFORE VVHOM THE WEBBB <'A.-X IS BCING TRIKD AT AUBURN.
AND AN AUBURN TOUTH WHOSE TESTIMONY IS OF VITAL IMPORTANCE
T«> THE PROSECUTION OF ADOLPH WEBER.
at the bodies of Mrs. Weber, Ber- I
tha and little Earl'? In reply to this
v not say. 'No, I did not carry
'•ut the little boy; I only helped carry
out the old woman'?'
To this Ruth emphatically shouted,
"1 didn't say anything of the sort."
J. F. Landis told how he found Mrs.
Snowden on the front steps of the
Weber BOOM when he arrived at the
scene of the tragedy. "She was pre
vented from entering the house by
some of the neighbors," said Landis.
"With a chair I broke the window
through which Ruth and Lukens
Jumped into the burning building."
Charles H. Dunham testified that he
saw Adolph Weber jump out from the
side window of the parlor to the lawn
while the fire was in progress.
E. H. Elder said that when he g»t to
the Weber slace there was only one
person there, Mrs. Snowdf-n, who was
on the front steps of the burning house.
He said he rushed around to the back
part o* the house, where the fire was
blazing, and at the corner between the
kitchen and the dining-room he ran
into Adolph Weber. Elder said he asked
Adolph, "Is there anybody in the
SENATE ASKED
TO OUST PLATT
WASHINGTON, Feb. B.— C. W. Post
of Battle Creek, Mich., who has inter
ested himself largely in the establish
ment of a parcels post system, to-day
filed with President pro tern Frye of
the Senate a petition for the expulsion
of Senator Thomas C. Platt from the
Senate. The petition, is based on the
assertion that Platt, . as the executive
officer of the United States Express
Company, Is a party to a conspiracy to
; maintain identical rates among express
companies for articles shipped over
their lines and asserts that Platt has
stated that he will oppose all legisla
tion injuriously affecting his company's
interests.
In his petition Post charges that six
I express companies of the United States
ar^ plotting to violate the law of the
United States by monopolizing the ex
press business and fixing the rates.
He alleges "the express companies have
been collecting and are now annually
i collecting from the people of the United
i States and from the banks, trust com
[ panles and other financial institutions
I and from publishers of books and
others having frequent occasion to re
, quire the service of express companies.
, hundreds of thousands of dollars over
I and above Just compensation for the
service which they render."
Post charges that in his capacity- of
president of the United States Express
I Company, Senator- Platt is participat
ing in the conspiracy charged, and
i proceeding adds:
* ii, I* daily engaged In performing overt
acts and in the Senate 'he has used and Is
' continuing to uw his influence as a Senator
to oppo«e the pelage Of money order mail bills
I on the cr-iund that if passed they would affect
Injuriously the business of said express com
pi.r.ies and reduce the amount which said
companies by reason of said combination and
conspiracy are yearly obtaining from the peo
ple of the United States over and above Just
j compensation for the services which they
rcr.der. * . ,
Post therefore asks the Senate to in
stitute an examination into the case
and that. if the charges be proved the
Senator be expelled. Explaining his
reason for proceeding against the Sena
tor, he says: '■'■;, .
• . fas petitioner and the public are without
THF. SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 9. 1905.
house?" and that Adolph replied. "I
don't know."
"Adolpb th^n threw a bundle against
the dining-room window, breaking the
glass." said the witness, "and then b*
gan kicking the window sill in with his
left foot. 1 did not see him <jo into the
house."
The last witness of the day was Miss
Edna Fulton, daughter of Jailer J. Ful
ton. She stated that she lived near the
Weber home and that as soon as she
heard the call of "Fire" she ran over
to the Weber home. She said she found
Adolph standing on the front steps and
took hold of his arm and said, "Dolphy,
where is your mother?"
"He did not answer me," said Miss
Fulton.
Miss Fulton will be the first witness
to be called to-morrow morning at 9
o'clock.
The courtroom was crowded again to
day. About 75 per cent of those pres
ent were prominent women of Auburn.
It is exnee'ted that the murderers
pistol will be introduced in evidence
to-morrow, and there is a probability
that Mrs. Snowden will be called to the
stand.
SENATOR RESTS
UNDER CHARGES
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Feb. S.— A con
current resolution was introduced in
thp State Senate to-day by Senator
Keister. a Democrat, relating rumors
of serious charges against United
States Senator Francis E. Warren, and
demanding a triple investigation, by
the State Legislature of Wyoming by I
the Senate of the United States and
by President Roosevelt.
The resolution was promptly tabled
by a vote of 18 to 5.- Senator Patrick
Sullivan was the only Republican who
I voted against tabling the resolution
I The charges mentioned in the resolu
| t-on were as follows:
That Charles M. Smith, a brother-in-law of
Senator Warren, wm kept on the Senate pay
roll at Washington as a clerk of the Committee !
on claims, of which Senator Warren was :
chairman, at a salary of 12230 a year, while in
fact he r.ever »erve>l in surh capacity In Wash
ington, but stayed in Cheyenne all the time
turning hi.* salary over to Senator Warren
That Hiram Sapp (■lmilary collected $14(i>
fron. the Government as assistant clerk and
turned the money over to the Senator, while re
malnlng in Cheyenne.
That Fre.itrirk B. Warren, son and name- '
fake of the Senator, is drawing pay as an 1
assistant cieik of the Committee on Claims al
though being from Washington and a student '
at Harvard University.
That Senator Warren leased a buifdinK to the !
Government to be used as a postofflce while a i
I'nlted States Senator.
That Scna(\ Warren has, in violation of the i
Federal statutes, fenced In a vast area of Gov- I
ern'ment land.
Trflat Senator Warren used his influence to
-securo from the Federal Government a con
tract for lighting Fort D. A. Ruesell of Chey
enne for the ( hi-yonne Light, Fuel and Power i
Company, of which company he was incorpora- i
tor and is a stockholder.
an adequate remedy elnewhere against the |
Btltl Thomas Platt becaune of the provisions !
of section 5 of article 1 of the constitution of
the United State? which makes the Senate the
Hole judge of the qualifications of Its member*
and g-ives to the Senate only the power to
d< prlvc a Senator of his seat.
In support of his statement Post
filed Hn affidavit by Clarence E. Daw- j
son to the effect that Senator Platt had |
told him that he was against the Post
chvk bills because the plan if adopted
weduid interfere with his business and
h* would use his position as a Senator
to defeat them. •
MITCHELL'S
LAW PARTNER
IS INDICTED
Federal Grand Jury
Accuses Him oi
Perjury.
True Bills Are Also Re
turned Against Former
Officiate
Taniier Is Accused of Giving False
Testimony During Recent Examina
tion by Inquisitorial Bod;.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. B.— The Fed- |
eral Grand Jury which is investigating !
I the land fraud cases in which the !
Government contends that it has been (
defrauded of large tracts of public land '
I in this State, to-day returned three in- :
dictnients.
In one indictment A. H. Tanner, law j
partner of United States Senator John |
H. Mitchell, is alleged to have per
j jured himself in giving testimony be
1 fore the Grand Jury January 31, 1905, \
during the investigation of charges
against Mitchell. Another is against
Hamilton H. Hendricks, an officer of 1
! the Butte Creek Land and Livestock
Company, who is indicted for suborna
tion of perjury in connection with his
testimony before the Grand Jury" Janu
ary 15, 1&05.
The third indictment is against
Henry Meldrum, ex-United States Sur
veyor General of Oregon; George F.
Waggoner, chief clerk in the Surveyor |
General's office; David W. Kinnaird, |
examiner of surveys; Rufus S. Moore,
surveyor, and John W. Hamaker and
Frank J. Van Winkle, notaries public.
They are indicted on a charge of con- |
sptracy to defraud the United States
Government of public lands in Central .
Oregon.
CHARGES AGAINST TANNER.
The Indictment of Judge Tanner
brings before the public with unex- ,
petted suddenness the name of a man
heretofore unconnected by rumor or
fact with the land frauds cases now
being investigated. It is alleged in the
indictment that Judge Tanner, while |
a witness before the Grand Jury on I
January 31, 1905, said that the firm of j
Mitchell & Tanner had received money j
and other compensation for work done j
for Frederick A. Kribs in expediting j
land cases through the General Land :
Office and passing them to patent, but I
that of this money Senator Mitchell ]
had not received any part for himself, j
This the Government thinks is untrue, 1
as it will attempt to prove that Sena- i
tor Mitchell did receive money, placed
to his account by Judge Tanner at the
expiration of each month.
It is further alleged that Judge Tan
ner testified that the office had not 1
kept any books of accounts showing j
what portions of such money had been !
received by Senator Mitchell, when in !
fact such accounts had been kept and j
were then in existence.
Another charge against Judge Tan- 1
1 ncr made in the indictment Is His tea- ,
1 timony in regard to a copartnership
j agreement which Is dated March 5, .
I 1901. It is alleged in each indictment !
' that this document was not written .
: and signed on March 5, 1901,« but that
: It was written by a clerk in the office
of Mitchell & Tanner during the recent
• visit of Senator Mitchell to the city.
OTHER FRAUDS ALLEGED.
The indictment of Hamilton H. Hen
dricks, secretary and treasurer of the 1
Butte Creek Land, Livestock and Lum- i
ber Company of The Dalles, was due j
to subornation of perjury, alleged to
have been committed on January 15,
1905.
Meldrum and others are indicted for
having entered into a conspiracy on or
about April 18, 1902, to defraud the
Government, by fraudulent surveys. It
i is alleged in this indictment that the
i defendant 3 took advantage of the fact
I that there had been filed in the office
! of the General Surveyor a number of
false and forged applications purport
ing to be from bona-fide settlers that
the lands upon which they were living
be surveyed, but It is alleged that the
defendants knew that the lands were
arid and uninhabited.
A fourth indictment was returned
against George C. Brownell, amenda
tory to the Indictment returned last
week against Brownell, accusing him
of subornation of perjury.
MUST ENFORCE THE LAWS
FOR SAFETY APPLIANCES
Moody Calls Attention of United"
States Attorneys to Measures to
Protect Traveling Public.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8. — Attorney
General Moody has issued a letter of
instruction to all United States At
torneys requiring a strict enforcement
of the safety appliance laws enacted
for the protection of the traveling
public, aa well as for the protection
of employes.
In this letter the Attorney General
cites the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States in Johnson
vs. the Southern Pacific Company, in- I
volving the construction of the "au- I
tomatic car coupler act." and calls at
tention to the rulings of the
court that locomotives are com
prised within the term "any car' as
used in the act; that the act forbids
the use of cars which cannot be cou
pled together automatically by im
pact, the object being to obviate the
necessity of going between the ends
of cars to couple or uncouple thenv
and that the act applies to cars used
in interstate commerce, whether emp
ty or loaded.
New California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8. — The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate the fol
io-wing nominations: Postmasters in
California — Jane E. Loveland, at Men
lo Park; George B. Hannahs, at San
Jacinto.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
NEAR
CUT GLASS
FRUIT PLATE.
Free With Kvery Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Pagr for Further
Particulars.
MEN ARE NOT WANTED
IN WOMEN'S CLUBS.
FEDERATION'S LAWS *
REMAJN UNCHANGED
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 8. — To-day
was the "busy day" of the State con
vention of women's clubs. At 9:30
this morning Simpson Auditorium was
amply filled. In the assemblage sat
a solitary man. The morning session
was given over to the long discussed
proposed amendments to the constitu
tion, chief among which was that cov
ering the elimination of "women"
from the official title of the State or
ganization, which reads, "The Califor
nia Federation of Women's Clubs."
The northern delegates were solid in
opposition to this change, which was
designed to admit men into the clubs.
"The humorous part of it all is that
the men who really count don't want
to come in," said Mrs. Arthur Corn
wall of San Francisco and Mrs. Rob
ert Burdette of Los Angeles, the lat
ter being the only southern delegate
opposing the amendment.
The solitary break in the monotony
of reports was brought about by the
1 discussions, which at times rose to
the height of humor, an element con
spicuous by its absence from most
women's conventions. After an hour's
charging and countercharging, the
amendment admitting men was voted
I down — a signal victory for the hosts
i from the north.
The amendment second in import
ance was that providing for a biennial
State convention instead of an an
nual. This, too, was divided between
the northern women and the southern,
the northern delegation again winning
out.
The election of officers for the ensu
ing year, which should have been con
cluded in the forenoon, was by vote
1 extended until late to-night. The re
sults in all probability will be as fol
lows:
President Mrs. Josiah Evans Cowles; vice
president at large. Mrc Robert Devlin. Sac
ramento; recording secretary. Mrs. Frank E.
Prior, Ix» Angeles: corresponding secretary.
Miss ' Anna. Meeker of Pasadena; treasurer.
Mrs. Emery- E. Donoughue of Fresno; auditors.
Mrs C. A. Sanborn of Redlands and Mrs.
John Bakewell of Alameda; general secretary.
jj r . George Law Smith of San Francisco.
Vice presidents — Northern District. Mrs. W.
F Little of Woodland: San Francisco District.
Mr« F W. Gorham of Vallejo; Alameda Dis
trict Mrs J. E. Thane of N'lles; San Jnaquin
Valley District, Mrs. J. E. Hughes of Fresno:
i Lou Angeles District. Mrs. O. C. Bryant of
I Los Angeles; San Diego District, Mrs. E. B.
Scott of San Diego.
Mrs. George Law Smith, the presid
ing officer, was tendered the nomina
1 tion for another term by the delega
\ tions from every district, but in a most
j gracious speech she declined the honor,
i throwing her weight to Mrs. Cowles.
The official announcement of the elec
tion will be made to-morrow morning.
To-night the following programme
was presented at the Unity Church:
"California Writers." Mrs. Robert J. Bur
dette- "Our Public Schools; Their Artistic Bet
: terme'nt." Miss Mary Foy, Los Angeles: "In
' dlan Love Song" <In costume). Miss Mollie
'■ Adelia Brown: "California Old and New" (il
lustrated lecture), Mrs. Emma M. Greenleaf.
> Contemporary Club. Redlands; music, mando
lin club; music, mandolin club, composed of
i twelve Indian students of Sherman Institute;
"California History and Landmarks," report
of. chairman. Mrs. A. S. C. Forbes, Ruskin
Art Club, Los Angeles
The present convention Is by far the most
strenuous session ever held by the California
Federation. Three sessions each day are h«ld,
I with many social functions sandwiched be
: tween To-morrow will bring the convention
I to a close, with Friday given up to pleasure.
It is only now that the Mtter experiences
i of the northern delegation astray In the streets
! of Los Angeles at 2:30 a. m. on Tuesday morn-
I ing have been forgiven and perhaps forgotten.
Cissie Loftus Seriously 111.
AKRON, 0., Feb. 8. — "Cissie" Lof
tus. the actress, is at a hospital here
suffering with a serious case of nervous
prostration. Since she fainted on
Monday night while on the stage she
has gradually become worse.
- Federal Assayer Removed.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B.— Smith H.
Woolley, Government assayer at Boise
City, Idaho, has been removed. It is
charged that Irregularities have been
discovered in Woolley's accounts.
CLUB WOMAX WHO PROBABLY WIU
BE ELECTED PRESIDENT OF CALI
FORNIA WOMEN'S CLUBS.
NO MORE GAY
LIFE FOR "NAN"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. B.— "Nan" Patter
son is keeping a diary in the Tombs,
which she expects to expand into a
neat little printed valume. She con
sented to give out the following ex
tracts from her journal to-day:
December 25 — What a sad Christmas day
this has been for me. I had hoped to be with
mominii to-iiay. How I looked forward t •'-.■>
i nuiment when I could throw my arm? about
her and weep out all my sorrows on her hear:.
I Poor da.l.ly was almost heartbroken, cck
"Man proposes and Ood disposes."
January 3—l3 — I know that my life after I met
, for a few years before my arrest, was
not what it should have been and that I lived
without reflection of what would b« the end
of it. But I was so set about with Kay-ties,
with such a maelstrom of joyousness, that I
I never had time to come to myself -at ail and
ask myself the questions "What is thts lead
ing to?" "Will there ever be any awakening
from the dreamland happiness of it all?" It
has required this awful lesson to bring me
back from that unreal world and show me
the vanity of It all.
How much better and sweeter it is to lead
a quiet, restful life, doing good and useful
things, than to be flitting about from pleasure
to pleasure and never finding anything like
the happiness that I used to have when I
was with mother. If anybody had told me
I th« day before my arrest that I was to be
locked up so mar.y months I would have pre
ferred to die. and yet 1 have been ab!e to
pass through even this. And I know that I
am better for it: for it has opened my eye*
and shown me the folly of leading a gay
thouehtless iife.
JEWEL THIEVES ARE SENT
TO JAIL FOR FIVE YEARS
UHlhoy* Who Stole Gems From Guest
of Pasadena Hotel Plead Guilty
and Are Sentenced.
LOS ANGELES. Feb." 8. — John
Morgan and Carl Wilson, the Pasa
dena bellboys who robbed Mrs. Wil
liam Edey, a guest of the Maryland
Hotel, of $20,000 worth of Jewelry, to
day pleaded guilty in the Superior
Court^to burglary and were sentenced
to five years each in the State peniten
tiary- The Jewelry they stole was re
covered shortly after their arrest.
The world needs cheerful rustlers.
It has no use for gloomy idlers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO PREVENT GOLDS
■ Keep the system' strong and healthy
and- well fortified by taking a few doses
of the Bitters., and you need not fear an> '
attack of Chilli, Golds or La Grippe, it
has; made a splendid record of cures in
such cases during its SO yean' exper-
ience. •
mQ STOMACH should be in every
lfln(^lTTPl)^\ home, especially
•■■ **)}*-* -*££>S.- during these cold,
SS 'iSSCv^'V never fail*. Then
. . Trj i bail! it oiei. i
■ - . .-'■■>-. • . ■
ADVERTISEMENT^
B.KATSCHINSK!
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO
Adjoining Call Building-.
OUR MOTTO: j
Square- Dealing Is On* Success
f^ras. »% Uli D J
LADIES' PATENT KID
4-BUTION OXFORDS
"We have the goods, all up-to-
date in style and quality. In addi-
tion we have a system whit en-
ables us to save you money on
every purchase, and undersell all
other stores. We are ■ satisfied
with a 7E3Y SMALL ?»O?IT
on our ESORMOD3 BT7SXJTXSS.
That's where you reap the benefit.
HEBE IS OT7S 7SOOT: Ladies'
very latest style Four-Button Ox-
fords, made of patent leather kid,
with neat plain coin toes, square
edge sewed soles and dressy Cuban
heels. A perfect model of style
and- beauty. OX7B special 32-
DUCED PRICE SI .(;."»
Sizes 2% to 7 4 Widths BtoK.
W|k; -; // - : ■' - ,^\
BLUCHER VAMPS,
LADIES' VICI KID
J Look at this exceptional value.
■ Never sold for less than $2.50 else-
where. Ladies* Vici Kid Blucher
Vamp Lace Shoes. Made with cir-
cular vamps and heel foxing, fine
dull mat kid tops, yellow stitched
extension sewed soles, new drop
toes, and patent leather tips nnd
military walking heels. SPE-
CIALLY REDUCED PRICE
*1.7«
Sizes 2\t> to 8. Widths B to £.
MAIL ORDERS PILLED. £
B. KATSCHINSKI
10 THIRD ST.. San rraaciico.
DISEASES OFIEN~
•■r na •tiers tad •p-t«-«l»«« 2**Js"
•«!■ for the certain id spe*<ly or* of srric-
tnre, Rapture Injured . r»«t«t«.
File*. Blood Poi.«on. Xer-rou» Of-
bllttr and Contracted Disorder* •■▼»
woo for ns thousand* of i ■■•■(■l*
from pat lent a wbo hate beca cured.
Varlcocele. w« trett by »nr lmproTed niod-
Ie«l Tlbratory method. wb*n» others xtn* the
kaife. We Inane a bond aa a graaran-
tee to fare «11 cases we undertake.
Any mis anSerine from Wrikafu tad who
la Undeveloped <-«a obtain from m 4 free
by mil) oar 1* Jits' apeclal tr»«t«i«« r aad
ili'i*trati>d chart de*cribttie th* e>mi> and 'tier'
of L«»t VltaJltr and »>aka«n. It«-
ffnt cases cured In on* day by the Kreaea
Dilatiira- and Irrtsattnc Method.
All correapondenee strictly pri-
▼ate nnd confidential.
the DR. TALCOTT CO.
1140 MARKET ST.
Opp. Hale'a. Saa Fraactr.eo. Pal, \
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great 2
* MUSEUM of ANATOMY*
\ n| 10ilHlKSETST.bet.Stb*;t!i.lP.C*L^
W 3r Tin twse«t Aauamieal Woseaalatti* W
A »V World. Wtakacnes or may oentraetoi A
W _Vm disru? p»»ltl-»«-ly Itftl »y tfc* »Mm» f
• I^~ HI SP*^*- 511 oa Uli Co* 3l - B't. M y«»ri. < 0
A &*?£* i OR. JOSOAN-OISEASES OF MEN A
\ WGrnKkt, Con«olt»ti»n tt*« and strictly prirtu- \
W I I»W^fl Trtmiment p-rrsoni'.ly or *>y Inter. A A
\ITr M I pomtirs curs la erery sue oadertakra. V
4 } I \l • Write ft* Book, P«HI.O*OPItT«r A
T« 1 11^ MAaniA4.fr. Ktijg rSXS. Uf
A £ £ Tmluat>l«-book tor avra. > a
W »B.JORDA> A «0.. 10.M Market St.. S.F. '
>ggVDEWEY,STRONG aCO.^ffX
(1 PATENTS! J
aßamanaaaaananajßanßasFV,^ 1 Tj^
patents! ;}
Vgg^aao market sr.sT^y __
jrjO&S^tim MENANDWDMEft.
C^BBS'uCKfia^wl Use B!?Oforunn»tur\T
.a^BBT la 1«• 5 carol disrhar?«s.iofla,nnnitiona.
MR »>«»r»ate«4 V Irritations or ale*' »tioer«
■Sf wiMiiriMra. ™ of ma 30 as m»mbr»»««.
1> fj rmw* rm><4u. »».a,M«, and not *»trl»«
RainitEianCM^MlCJU.Cl. g*nt or psiwnoua.
Vgk SJ»S»»A:U.«Bi ••1-bTBr-ttW*
Vnßk r.t i, SCTr or «ect In plain -rrairpjTv
ffaa^ak dST™ by *x »''•••• ?r«P*'<l. Cat
VKnga^Pi •> °° or > !»ttl«« M.7».
■ CtrcmlM- trat m aaaaaflai
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE I'AMIANN. BITTERS. TUB
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. !KE! Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
MA
LUBRICATIXO OlLri; LKONARD * KI.LIS.
41S Front »t.. B F. Phone Main 1719.
PBZNTiaro.
F. C. BUGHES. ,a a^SSJ'J: » r.
THE WEEKLY GALL
$1 per Year.
56
FIVE CHOICES ARE BOWLED OVER AT THE OAKLAND TRACK
BRAGG. WITH OTIS IN THE SADDLE.
WINS THE $1000 HANDICAP.
Arcade, ttie Pronounced Choice of ttie Putilic,
Breaks Down and His Jockey Pulls Him Up
Best Man the Only
Short Priced One
First
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
Owner James Curl's bay horse
Bragg, which won the six-furlong
handicap on Tuesday, picked up an
additional five pounds and captured
the $1000 mile and a sixteenth handi
cap yesterday at Oakland.
That's going- some over an old
fashioned plank road for a fresh ar
rival from Los Angeles. It's also
proof positive that we northerners
have only brotherly love and affection
for pilgrims from the southland,
here, the bees thrive on orange blos
soms and the bunko men are one
lunged Yankees. Fortunately, per
haps, for Bragg. Arcade, the favorite,
broke down on the back stretch and
was pulled up. While Michaels was
dreaming on Cloverland, with a hand
full of wraps to sell at popular prices,
Otis made a sharp move with Bragg
on the far turn, stealing the race. At
the wire he scored cleverly by two
lengths. Michaels, astride Cloverland,
after scientifically ducking the leads
and left hand jabs of Otis, did nose
out Veterano for the place.
I I\ I < HOKI> AKi; BKATEX.
Backers of favorites certainly did
enjoy themselves. The track was still
in a freckled condition and five
rhoices were bowled over.
From a bookmaker's point of view
Foxy Grandpa makes a splendid fa
vorite. Jimmy Coffey's Roman nosed
black horse had first call in the bet
ting on the first event and finished un
placed. Myrtle H. a 6 to 1 shot, with
Harrett in the saddle, went out in
front and won all the way. Dundreary,
played from 10 down to 5, ran sec
ond, two lengths before Mr. Dingle.
Maud Muller, a mare from the Miller
stable, showed to be far the best of the
eight starters in the Futurity course
run following. Holding next to last po
sition on the back stretch, Wiley
brought her through on the rail and
at the wire beat Box Elder in a drive,
Presidio cut out the early pace, and
had Willie Daly not shot the rank out
sider across the stretch a furlong from
home, in a vain search for good going, '
he would Lave won. Estraza, the 2 to
1 favorite, made a delightful showing
for a r»anel or two.
Its a dry goods box full of Govern
ment bonds to a pile of second-hand
Milwaukee pressed bricks that Edro
dun can beat My Order and Alone. Still
he didn't do it. The man who ,gave
Lloyd Fountain orders to rate the
three-year-old In the third event <
should t have his badge taken up and
should be decorated with oil cans by
The lud«>s.
MV OKDEK DEFEATS ALONE.
If there was one ripe, mellow spot
on the card Edrodun looked the berry,
and no wonder the crowd ate up even
jr. Fountain rated him to the
h, and My Order won easily from
Every third person met coming from
■ iddock had Beat Man for the
fifth number, and the tip was all right.
Dr. Rowell's sprinter was backed from
■ to y to 5, and downed the
r, Alta G, like breaking duck
egps with a piece of gas pipe. Alta G
80 to 1 chalked about her, and led
he dOr out four lengths for the
place. Sol Lichtenstein, the favorite,
performed disappointingly.
Should Jim Jeffries be matched to
fight Deacon Jones at Dawson City in
midwinter with icicles hanging from
the house eaves six feet long his
chances would look no brighter than
did those of Byronprdale, favoYite for
the concluding chapter. It must be
that the hand of Trainer and Owner
Jack Crane ha? lost its cunning, for
the speed the bay gelding displayed
would have made him a rank outsider
in the redlight district.
Esherin, the mount of Jakie Jones,
made all the running and then
stopped considerably the last six
teenth, defeating Erne by a neck only.
Ity finished third.
TRACK NOTES.
Travers. whose riding has been re
stricted for some time to the stable of
Dr. Rowell, was given permission yes-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3i|H
Columbus, Ohio, May 20, 1903.
, Six years ago I had a severe attack of
Inflammatory Rheumatism. I was laid up
in bed for six mouths, and the doctors I
had did me no good. They changed med-
icines every week and nothing they pre-
scribed seemed to help me. Finally I be-
pan the use of S. S. S. My knee and elbow
joints were swollen terribly, and at one
time my joints were so swollen and pain-
ful that I could not close them when
opened. I was so bad that I could not
move knee or foot. I wasgetting discour-
aged, you may be sure, when I began S. S.
S., but as I saw it was helping me I contin-
ued it, and to-day I am a sound well man
and have never had a return of the disease.
S. S. S. purified my blood and cured me
of this severe case of Rheumatism after
everything else had failed. I have rec-
commended it to others with good re-
sults. R. H. Chapman.
1 355 Mt. Vernon A ye.
The poisonous adds that produce the in-
flammation and pain are absorbed into the
blood and Rheumatism can never be con-
quered till these are neutralized and fil-
tered out of the blood and system. S. S. S.
goes directly into the circulation and at-
tacks the disease itself. It purifies and re-
stores the blood to a healthy, vigorous
condition. It contains no potash, alkali or
jgßfo /KS*n A^k other strong mm
J^t d^^S m^^m erals, but is guar-
fil HI In 1 anteed entirely
Eft* 2*. \£% vegetable. Write
yzk >£3k us a &d our physi-
i|» cians will advise
without any
B 1 I l I charge whatever.
m&Jw j^J &>*£& Ourbookonßheu-
matism sent free.
Tbe Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND Wednesday,. Feb. 8. Weather fine. Track heavy.
7551. FIRST RACE — Six and a half furlongs; selling: 3-year-olds up; value first, $325.
Ir<i>-». Horse and Owner. ' Wt St. % . %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. ' CI.
7515 |Myrt!« H. «5 (Mrs. Hertzell)..] 98 3 2 h 12 15 1 3 15 Barrett 6 "6
7CS9 jDundreary. 4 (J. A. Murray). ,los 7 3 IV>2 »i 2% 2 1 1 ,52 2 H Michaels 6 5
7827 Mr. Dingle, 5 (Tlerney & Co.) 108 1 0 ?;"5 C 3 % 3 111 2 -. Minder 4 9-2
7750 Urbano. 5 (Mrs. T. H. Boyle. 105 2 8 4h4Vj 5 4 4 n (T. Stewart. 20 20 .
7M7 Fo:;y Grandpa, A (Coffey).... 108 11 i\ 14 7 2 5 1&4 n 5 5 Alarle .... 8-5 ' 2
7774 Tom Hiley. 4 (McLaugtilln). 103 8 7l" 8 -«2' (12 6 3 J. Jones... 40 40
; 7827 (Bob Palmer, a (J. J. Coalter) 10« 5;4%6?i7n 7 14 7 h (Bell 10 . 10
, 777ti j Kickumbob, a H. E. Maglll). 105 4 1h 3 2%S 8 8 JBonner .... 4 5
Time— :2b%. :02»4, 1:19%. 1:26%. At post 3 minute*. Off at 2:13. Myrtle H. place, 5-2;
show, 7-5. Dundreary, place, 11-5; show, 1. Dingle, show 4-5. Winner, eh. m. by
Nc|.hew-L,ulu. Trained by G. March. Scratched— Cinnabar. Start good. Won easily.
l!;.;.iri. . driving-. Myrtle H at least had some soeed. Dundreary a supposed good
thing. Mr. Dingle won't do. Urbano played. Foxy Grandpa, should be tied down on
th- mud flats at low tide. Kickumbob started "off like a skyrocket and came down
like a carload of bricks.
7552. SECOND RACE; Futurity course; soiling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Ind«i Hor»e and Owner. |Wt|St. H- $4- %■ Str. Fin. I Jockey. ! Op. Cl.
7«23 jMaud Muller. 5 (Mrs. Miller) 95! 5 ... 6 1 6 n 3 hi 1 1% Wiley 6 11-2
752.1 Box Elder. 4 (J. J. Moran). . 107 3 ... 2n2142 Vj 2ns [Birkenruth . 4 5
77:-. [Presidio. i (D. Z«linsky) . . . . 102 2 ... 15 15 12" 35 W. Daly... 20 40
7543 I Yellowstone. • (W. P. Fine) 110 8... 8 52634% Otis • 6 . 8
; 7803 Doublet, a. (D. S. Fountain) 97 7 ... 6147 \5 n 5 n L. Fountain 7-2 9-2
7823 Estraza. 5 (V. Chloepek) 102 4 ... 4% 4 n 4% 6 3 J. Jon«i.... 6-2 2
78M Pencil Me, a (Mrs. Groshm).. 102 <! ... 3 1 3% 7 6 710 H. Smith.. 20 20
7815 (Lib Candid. 4 (Burger Co.). 106 1 ... 7 2 8 8 8 - Alarie .... 16 13
Time — :2t>, :C2, J:Ui>£. At post 3*; minutes. Off at 2:40%. Muller, place, 2; show, 4-5.
Elder, place 2; ' show, 4-5. Presidio, show, 6. Winner, eh. m. by Rio Bravo-Bonlta R.
Trained by J. Stern. Scratched — Judge Hughes. Start good. • Won ridden out. Balance
driving. Winner came from the rear and was best. Box Elder well handled. Pre
sidio would have won if Daly had not gone on a wild goose chase for good going in the
•trptch. Yellowstone has gone back. Doublet , won't do. Estraza ,a false favorite.
Llbbie Candid can do better. \ .
7Sfi3. THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. >4 . \i. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
7.N25 My Order (H. E. Rowell) 107 1 ... 1 lt£l 2 1 2'*l 1& Travers ... 13-5 16-5
7849 Alone (Summers & Co.) 108 2 ... 6 5 4^43 -2 3 Minder | 15 1.1
7*41 Edrodun (Fitzgerald & Cree) 108 5 ... 4 2Va& 3 2 n 3 4 L. Fountain 1 9-10
7S:J9 F. Templeton (G. W. Dodge). 106 3 ... 3h2%3h 45 1 Alarle ..... 10 15
7KOS Harvester II (M. J. Daly)... 106 7 ... 7 7 7 5 n |\V Daly... 16 20
775!» Melar (O. Strobel) 103 4 ... 2 n C 3 5 4 6 I%;H Michaels 7 15-2
7520 Steel Wire (H. Stover) 104| 6 ... 5 l'/j3 n 62 7 - [Hoffman ..| 30 100 .
Time — :26, :Wi, 1:12>4. At post I^4 minutei Off at 3:05. Order, place, 1; show, 1-2.
Alone, place^ 3; show. 7-5. Edrodun, show. out. Winner, b. g. by Order- Mollie B. B.
Trained by H. E. Rowell. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving:. My Order well
ridden. Alone ran well. Fountain rated Edrodun to the stretch. Melar did a panel
Etunc Harvester may improve.
7S.V*. FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; handicap; 3-year-olds up; first, $800.
Index! Horse and Owner. WtlSt. U. %. %. Str. - Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl. \
(7849) Bragg, C (J. Curl) 109 1 4 n 2 11*12 12 12 Otis ...... 3 16-5
7544 Cloverland, 5 (J. A. Murray) 103 7 7 4 4 n 2 % 2 % 2ns H. Michaels 6 13-2
7STJ6 Veterano. 5 <Multnomah Sta.) 107 28 7 6544 3 5 Birkenruth 6 10
(7*44) Soufrlere. 4 (Dayton & K.)..;102 4 3 lV>f> 3 3 n 3V> 4 5 C. Miller... 5 7
(7525) A Muskoday. 3 (G. Dodge*..., 91 5 1 1141 142 53 5 8 L.. Fountain 10 8
7828 Big Beach. 3 (Q. W. Wilson) 91 6 2 5 3?is»i 6 1 01 Taylor 20 16 '
7825 GaJlopoff, 3(M J. Daly) '89 3 5%(i 4 7 7 7 W. Daly... 30 40
7550 Arcade, 5 (Figaro Stable)... 105 8 654 Broke down. J. Jones... 5-2 11-5
Time— :2r." 4 , :52i4. 1:201,. 1:47»4, 1:54%. At post •% minute. OfT at 3:32Vi. Bragg, place,
7-5; ibow, 7-10. Cloverland, place, 5-2: show, 1. Veterano. show, 8-5. winner, b. h.
by Slddartha-Cantatrlce. Trained by C. Curl. Scratched — Gateway. Start good. Won
easily. Balance driving. Bragg best ridden. Cloverland might have won with a vig
orous ride. Veterano closed strong. Big Beach requires strong handling. . ,
7855. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; 4-year-olds and up; selling; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtiSt. %. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl. ..
47805) Best Man. 6 (H. E. Rowell).. 109 8 ... 3 n 3 1%2 %1 % iTravers ... ~" 3 9.5
7513 Aka G. 6 (Mrs. L. Hertzell).. 107 2 ... 1 1 In 1 1%2 4 Bonher 15 20
75.14 Cloche d'Or. 6 (Mrs. Coffey).. 112; 7 ... 5^51 2 35 Birkenruth 4 5
(7834) Sol Llchtenstein. 6 (Davidson) 114 4 ... 4] ? 4 n it 4n Alarle 2 16-5
7506 (instrument. 4 (Baird A C 0.).. 11l 5 ... 2 I%* 2^3 15 14 Blake 6 5
7724 Mountebank a (Keating)... . 1 1<O 6 ... 7 2 73 0 1 .6 4 Minder^.... 7 10
77:* Lady Kent, a (A. Kimberly). .1107 1 ... 61 61. 7 1.7 2 , Wright.. ... 6 15
7733 {The Jew. 4 (J. F. Clifford) '101 1 3 ... 8 8 8 8 R. Butler. 40 100
Time — :26, :52, 1:19 U. At post, 2% minutes. .Off at 4. Man, place, 4-5; show, 2-5. Alta
place. «; show. 5-2. Cloche, show, 1. Winner,, b. g. by Florist-Effle C. Trained by
H. E. Rowell. Scratched— Mack. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving.
Beet Man, cut off and pocketed on two occasions, displayed some form. Alta G had speed."
Cloche d"Or ran fairly well. Sol Llchtenstein etale. Mountebank no speed. Lady Kent
won't do. ' ,-■■':, '■-
7856. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 50 yards; 4-year-olds and up; selling; value to first, $320.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7SOI Esherin, 5 (Mm. Schorr) 11l 121 1*413 1 2',-il n J. Jones~/ 8 7
7842 (Erne. 6 (J. Curl) 103 1 4 4%4%5%2n 24 Greenfield . 6 7
7534 (Serenity. 4 (Dayton & Co.) 102 2 1 %22 2 2&3 4 3 8 C. Miller 20 13
7843 Modicum, 5 (D. 8. Fountain).. 101 3 9 6 5n5444 Fountain 3 16 1 *
7700 IByronerdale. 5 (J. M. Crane).. 113 5 31 32 45 4n 5 3 Alarle . 6-5 S-*>
7843 Mr. Farnum, 5 (G. Wilson).. 103 ! 653540 '6. 6 Bonner' '.'.'.'. 6 6
Time— :26%. :53. 1:20, 1:47%, 1:51%. At post 1% minutes. Off at 4:23. Eeherln dace
5-2; show, 1. Erne, place. 2; show, 9-10. Serenity, show, 8-5. Winner b m' by Esher'
Sonora. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Start good. Won all driving. Winner bid ud from
$800 to $1300 by P. Ryan and sold. Esherin possessed the speed. Erne stumbled shortly
before reaching the wire. Modicum sore. Byronerdale ran pounds below his form Mr
Farnum Just visiting. . ' ,
SELECTIONS
FIGURED ON
BEST FORM
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
First race— Abe Meyer, Archelita,
Scmilune.
Second race— Sir Dougal, Jack Lit
tle. Gin Spray.
Third race — Hulford. Dr. Sherman,
Cousin Carrie.
Fourth race — Gateway, Foncaster,
Dr. Leggo.
Fifth race — Play Ball, Ethel Abbott,
Hugh McGowan.
Sixth race — Major Mansir, Clover
land. Royalty.
terflay to accept outside mounts. By
the way, Travers piloted two winners,
My Order and Best Man.
Johnny Schorr lost Esherin from the
last race. "Packey" Ryan bid the
mare up from $800 to $1300 and
Jchnny let her go.
Yellowta.il. the giant chestnut horse,
has been retired to Capt. H#.ckett's
farm in the San Ramon Valley.
A recent arrival at Brentwood Stock
Farm is a colt foaled by Rubicon from
the fast mare Genua. both sire and
ds»m being owned by Ed. Lanlgan.
Joe Kinney, a well known horseman
of Boiße City, Idaho, died in this city
on Tuesday.
Dundreary was a red hot tip for
the opening sprint.
Raring at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. B— Results of to
day'e race«:
First rare, one mile — Revpille won, Raphael
Ward second Merry Acrobat third. Time,
1:51 1-5.
r.d race, sir furlongs — Viperin* won.
Fox Hunter second, Ranger third. Time,
1:1» 1-5.
Third race, one mil* — Garnish won, Kfttle
Power* second, Luralighter third. Time,
1:47 4-6.
Fourth race, Carnival stake*, half a mile —
I^eonard Joe Hayman wr»n, Proteus second,
Verdent third. Time. :52.
Fifth rac<\ one and a quarter miles — Lady
Mlftake won. Caithness second. Royal Arms
third. Time, 2:l'J 4-5.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Mussulman won.
Sharp Boy second, Gladiator/ third. Time,
l:OC4-6. /
Turf Association Adjourns.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. B.— The
American Turf Association adjourned
to-day subject to the call of the
chairman. Campbell Scott of Lexing
ton, Ky., Walter Parmer of Nashville
and /Humphrey Devereaux of Hot
Springs, were made members of the
executive committee. No president
has as yet been appointed. Thomas
Cromwell of Chicago was selected for
thf position, but declined it. The ex
ecutive committee will select a license
committee.
No man is a bore who is willing; to
lend money.
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1905.
CLEVER FIELD IN
HANDICAP.
A handicap at seven furlongs is the
special feature of the card this after
noon at Oakland. Among the starters
is Dr. Leggo. The three-year-old is
asked to concede a lump of weight to
older horses. If he can 1 do so, it will
stamp the McCafferty colt as a sterling
performer. The day's entries: ' \
First race— Three and a half furlong* two-
J-<»ar-o]d.«, selling:
,-f?"rvo CheUta SSr ( Stock Farm) 104
(.SlO)Southern Lady (Spratt) 104
(7833) Abe Meyer (Stover) ""106
, Ethel Thatcher (Green):.. '.'.".110
~~. Pirate of Penzance-Roeanna. ,
7646 Isla. (Daly) 104
7846 Semilune (Roche) 104
.... Rumore (Nell) I"."." 10*
Rubicon-Morelia.
Second race— Seven furlongs, four-year-olds
and up. Benin*:
7809 'Tannhauser ' (Haye«) ........... .....101
1 815 Moßketo (Strobel) , 109
7844 Resin (Devers) ..." 109
Hellas (Cotton) ..........ioo
V7M7 Rey Hooker (Appleby & Co.) ........109,
TTM Gin Spray (De Neffe) 108
I <BJil Kickumbob (Mafrill) i. 109
7«WS Sir Dougal (Sheridan) 109
(84. Rlesca (Dunn) 'Ai 104
--H Wistaria (Stockton Stable) .;.. 104
7.!»;{ Jack Little (Fine) ......:....; 106
<829 Harlem Sailor (Eckert) 100
Third race— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and up;. selling: .1
7855 Instrument (Dalrd & C 0.).....'. .107
.S4O Waterspout (Smith) 107
7822 Dr. Sherman | (Hoppas) .......;..... 107
7840 Revolt (Gilbert) ................. 105
7847 Skip Me (Madison) *105
7757 'Cousin Carrie (Gaylord & :C0.).....: C0.). ... . .10))
7845 The Hawaiian (Wilson) 107
7799 Hulford (Schneckloth) ■ 107
7822 Hipponax (Deane) 107
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; three- year-olds
and up; handicap: ,
(7841) Dr. I^kko (Wilson) .............;... 104
783« Gateway (Burnett) la*
7849 Sea Voyage (Miller) " ' 88
7844 Foncasta (Curl) " * .m
7837 Tim Hurst (Blute) ..'............."* oc
7718 Cardinal Sarto (Summers) ........." 88
7849 Sal« (Blute) - ins
7838 Golden Idol (Wilson) .'....;... „, Ps
Fifth race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling: ■  « . .^r
(TBsl)Myrtle H (Hertzell) ...'..... .:. . . ... . . 107
7844 Hugh McGowan (Dyer) .....■...;- "lOG
7078 Frank Pearce (Stephenson) '.'.'..' >109 j
7«77 The Stewardess (Winter & Johnson). .lo7
7300 Dug Martin (Murphy) ......... 109
7851 Mr. Dingle (Tlerney) .......... ••'-"* 'll2
7R.!5 'Trapsetter (Ezell) : ' jat
7771 San Lut10n(D1x0n)..... ........ .."""i0n
7845 'Ethel Abbott (Miller) ........... " v 91,1
7.142 Mordente (Reed) ■ '. " '107 I
7852 Ltbbie Candid (Burger & Co) '* : 104
7842 Play Ball (Daly) ... . ...... . '. . . . .'.'.V.'.IOC !
Sixth race— One and* a quarter miles; four-
I year-olds and up; purse: •
J 771 0 Colonel Anderson (McLaughlln) ....... 1 09
7710 Major Mansir (Bonsack) "no
i 7844 Circus . (Eckert) - . . . ...... ..::.. " 1 07
7«::4 Royalty (Green) .....:...:."....'." '' ' if
I 7854 Cloverland (Murray) .............*" ; {
. •Apprentice allowance. > •.'
Hoppe Defeats .Schaefcr*
CINCINNATI. Feb. 8. — Willie
Hoppe defeated Jacob Schaefer, the
world's chumpion billiard player, in
this city at eighteen-inch balk line by
a score of 400 to 321.
FREE HANDICAP
FOR FAVORITE
Bay Colt Schoolmate, Owned
by "Kansas" Price, Scores
Cleverly at Ascot Park
LA LONDE IS BEATEN
The Public Choice Is Led
Out by Confessor, a 15
to 1 Outsider in Betting
LOS ANGELES, Feb. B.— Schoolmate
won the free handicap at Ascot to-day,
carrying 118 pounds and selling at 11
to 20 in the books. The defeat of La
Londe. the 1 to 2 favorite in the fourth
race, was a blow to the talent. Con
fessor at 15 to 1 was the winner of this
race. Two favorites won.
Weather clear; track fast. Sum
mary:
First race, four furlongs — Necromancer, 118
(Mclntyre), 8 to 1, won; Ila, 115 (Helgerson),
9 to 2, second; Loyal Front, 118 (W. Dugan),
7 to 2, third. Time, :49. Daisy Brouck, Sena
tor Boggs, That's What, Astral, Prince of
Coins. Sandstorm, Dr. Lowry Sizs, Avonella
and Mabel V also ran.
Second race, one mile, selling — Huapala, 96 '
<W. Miller), 8 to 1, won; Montana Peeress,
106 (Me ßride), 9 to 10, second; Eleven Bella,
106 (McDaiiiel), 13 to 6, third. Tim*. 1:41%.
Miss May Bowdish. Ulloa, Headstrong, Emily
Oliver and Ed Guinzbere also ran. •
Third race one and an eighth miles, handi- |
cap— Schoolmate, 118 (W. Dugaji), 11 to 20,
won; Blissful, 05 (McDaniel), 6 to 1, second;
Sheriff Bell, 97 (W. Miller). 5 to 1, third.
Time, 1:53^. Diamante also ran.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs—Con
fes-Bor, 100 <W. Miller), 15 to 1, won; Witch
Hazel. 107 (W. Dugan), 4 to 1, second; Dorado,
105 (Truebel), 100 to 1. third. Time. 1:07. In
vader, La Londe and One Way also ran.
Fifth race. Brooks course, selling — Golden
Light 104 (E. Walsh), 8 to 5, won; Helger
son, 96 (Moriarity), 7 to 1, second; Iras, il4
(McDaniel). 4 to 1 third, lime. 2:04%. Posi
tion, Invictus. Briarthorpe, WiiMam F II and
Henry Clay Rye aleo ran.
Sixth race, six furlong*, selling — Azelina,
89 (MffDaniel). 9 to 2, won; E. M. Brattaln,
110 (Fuller). 6 to 5 second; Counterpoise, 108
(Lynch), 5 to 1, third. Time. 1:13%. Susie
Christian My Gem, Dod Anderson, Joe Kelly,
Elfin King, Hersaln and St. Wlnlfride also ran.
WILL COURSE TWO DAYS
ON UXION PARK FIELD
Ainety-Six Kntries Are Accepted lor
a Class and a Reserve
Stake.
Ninety-six entries were accepted
for the coursing this week at Union
Park. The reserve stake of eighty
entries will be run down once on Sat
urday, commencing upon the arrival
of the 1 p. m. special train. The six
teen-dog class stake will be run in
Its entirety on Sunday. The draw re
sulted as follows:
Reserve stake — Our Motto vs. Earl; Old
Ironsides r». Kittleman; Tralee Maid vs.
Adonis; Medley vs. McHenry; Rush Away vs.
Presto; Whoa Bill vs. Gold Chain; Mickey
Free vs. Miss Brummel; Stingaree ye. Fairy
Belle; Blaze vs. R^by Sankey; Cranberry Sauce
vs. Texas Mamie; Little Dainty vs. Rose of
Gold; Fenil vs. Muggsy; Real Pasha vs. Glit
ter; Apple Blossom vs. Sea Lion; JoeJe Le«
vs. Sherman; Texas Betty vs. Mi Amtgo; Texas
Hoo-Hoo vs. The Duke; Royal Spirit vs. Mel
linwood; John Heenan vs. Yellow Tail; Rocker
Ann vb. Crawford Belle; Big Klamath vs.
M.nlo Queen; Concord Tralee v«. Fierce Fire;
Pride- of The Hill vs. Prompto; Dear Gaaton
vs. Duncan; Angus Cissus vs. Domestic Lad;
Ina Ciseuß vs. Vandal; Lulu Girl vs. Bright
Fortune; Raby Aurora vs. False Alarm; Belle
Marie vs. Texas Jill; Bright Future vs., Aman
dan; Rap Again vs. Brewery Maid; Frank
C vs. Nellie M; Wedgewood vs. Conroy; My
Bonnie King vs. Fortunate Dawn; Forest Fire
vb. Kalispel; Van Nora vs. Frisco Lad; Grace
ful vs. Confident; Mlbs Rocklin vs. Tralee Boy;
lone Hill vs. Golden Garter; Honest John va.
Oreina.
Class stake — Lord Brazen vs. McVey; Friend
less Boy vs. Duhallow; Silver .Heels v«. J
E H; Renegade Apache vs. Richard Anton;
Humboldt v«. The Referee; Belle Free \m. Rec
tor: Gambit vs. Wild Turkey; Hudson vs. Lost
Chord.
SIGOURNEY IN FINE FORM
IN BILLIARD TOURNAMENT
Defeats Conklin of • Chicago in. the
Only Game the Latter
Has Lost. ' '
CHICAGO, Feb. Charles F.
Conklin of Chicago, with five games
won and one lost, stands to-night at
the head of the winning .column in
the amateur billiard tournament for
the championship of the United States
now in progress in the Chicago Ath
letic Club. .. Edward G. Gardner of
New York and W. H. Sigourney of San
Francisco are tied j for second place,
each having won four games and lost
one. These two players will meet to
morrow in . the final scheduled game
of: the tournament. The winner will
then meet Conklin for the champion
ship.
In the first of the finaj matches to
day W. H. Sigourney defeated Charles
F. Conklin, 300 to 273. This game
was by far the best game played in
the entire tournament, Sigourney es
pecially playing an ; excellent game.
Sigourney took the lead In the first
inning and never ' relinquished it dur
ing the -. entire & game. ■ Sigourney's
high run was 33 and average 7 6-42;
Conklin's high run was 40, average,
6 12-42. A
Conklin defeated Gardner to-night,
300 to 247. , .'■_'■■_ ■ ' '■
Model Yachtsmen Meet.
The meeting of the San Francisco
Model Yacht Club held last night at
Unity Hall was the most enthusiastic
held in months. The principal topic
of discussion was the Dickie cup,
which will be competed for this
month. M. London, owner of the
Cricket, which won the trophy, made
a motion requiring the winners of in
termediate regattas to race off to see
which should race the cup holder.
This would mean that the race would
be between a holder and challenger.
This motion was loSt. In its place a
motion was carried which will require
the cup holder to race against two
boats instead of one. The winners of
the two intermediate regattas will be
opposed to the Dickie cup holder.
Helena Gambling Dens Closed.
HELENA, Mont., Feb. B.— County
Attorney Lacrolx to-day ordered Sher
iff Scharrenbroich to stop all forms of
"gambling in Helena. The Sheriff com
plied with the order and gambling
houses are at least temporarily closed
| in Montana's capital.
Essex Park Races Postponed.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Feb. 8. — The
races at Essex Park were again post
poned to-day on account of the frozen
condition of the track.
FREE FREE
■-..■.: ■: ■■ .WITH': ;v ::. ,; ;■-;-■;'
SUNDAY CALIi
./ ■■■/'; SMALL
NEAR
CUT GIiASS
, FRUIT PLATE.
Free With ''"Every Small fAd in ,
Sunday Call. I ; .
See Small Ad rage ; for Further
Particulars. ' '
*— .: ... v:,;.:,. " ' ' ■!■
NELSON WORKS
ON THE ROAD
Dane's Weight Is Trouble
some and Necessitates
Long Tramps in the Woods
CUTS OUT HIS BOXING
Slight Injury J^ring a
Hunting Trip Puts a Tem
porary Stop to Practice
♦ From present appearances the inter
esting spectacle will be presented of
an opponent of Young Corbett strug
gling to get down to the required
weight. In the past it has been the
dapper New Yorker who has had to
resort to severe methods at the elev
enth hour to dispose hurriedly of his
too solid flesh.
Battling Nelson has thickened up
considerably since he fought Britt.
He is said to have weight 145 pounds
in ring costume when he commenced
training on Sunday for his meeting
I with Corbett two weeks from to-mor
j row night, when he must weigh in at
130 pounds. He has been doing hard I
road work for several days to get rid
of some of this weight and expects to
gradually work down to the required
I notch.
He will be a little backward in his
• boxing practice owing to a slight in
jury to his arm during his last duck
shooting expedition. If Dick Hyland
is able to move about on his injured
foot he will do some boxing with Nel
son.
Jim Flynn, who was matched to fight
Dave Barry at San Diego, injured him
self in training and the bout has been
declared off. Another opponent will be
found for Barry.
IXGLESIDE MANAGEMENT
PRESENTS A GOOD CARD
Many High Class Hounds Are Billed to
Compete in Reserve and
Class Stakes.
The weekly draw for the coursing at
Ingleside Park last night brought out
a number of fast dogs. Two stakes are
or the card, a reserve of forty-eight
entries and a class event of sixteen
entries. The latter include* some of
the best dogs in the State. Following
i 3 the result of the draw:
Reserve stake, forty-eight entries — Ricnochet
vs. Idleness; Alice Dunn vs. Haphazard; Mount
Lowe vs. Miss Green; Golden Fortune vs. Hid
den Hatred; Prometheus vs. Hermit; Glancing
Pasha vs. The Mist; Little Plunger vs. Oulda;
Annie Ryn<- vm. Miss Florence; Miss Domestic
vs. Yellowstone; Coirrtly Guest vs. Red Pep
per; Equator vg. Laboring Boy; Bob R vs.
Frank Dunn; Doc Burns vs. Becky Sharp;
Siroc vs. Pure- Pearl; Daisy Rocket vb. Good as
Gold; Clarice ye. Hot Patti; General Fremont
vs. Hesper; Moonbeam vs. Concord Boy; Kid
Clair vs. Aurelia; Butte City vs. Rapid Wa
ter; Agitator ye. Sunny South; Lancashire Lad
vs. Star Sylvanus; Silent Water vs. Free From
Flaw; The Rival vs. Queen's Motto.
Class stake, sixteen entries— May Tunison vs.
Frisky Barbara; Sacramento Boy vs. Loretta;
Freeport vs. Sampler; Princess Savoy vs. Agile
Spurt: For Gold vb. Pasha Pleasant: Oalveston
vs. Choo Choo; Reckless Acrobat ts. Polka
Dot; Valley Pride vs. Quita.
St. Mary's Nine Beats Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Feb. 8. — The baseball
team from St. Mary's College in Oak
land defeated the varsity team, on
the college campus grounds this after
noon by the score of 3to 2. The game
was called at the end of the eighth
inning, when St. Mary's had three men
on bases and one man out. Darkness
prevented further playing. "Heinie"
Heitmuller's pitching and batting were
the features of the game. Heitmuller
allowed only three base hits, struck
out eight. men and brought in both of
the runs made by California, with
timely hits to deep left field. Fergu
son pitched a heavy gave for St.
Mary's, allowing but five hits and
striking out eleven men. The teams
v/ere made up as follows:
California — Heitmuller and Freuler, pitchers;
Blisa, catcher; "Wulzen and Graham, flrat base;
Gillls. second base: Gunn, third base; Causley,
phorstop; Jordan, Reed and Wulzen. right field;
Pweesy and Schmidt, center field; Butler and
Cunha, left field.
St. Mary's — Fersrusson, pitcher; Ryan,
catcher; Brady, first base; Haley, second base;
Halloran, shorstop; Waters, third base; liundy,
left field; Poultney, center field; Rooney, right
field.
MRS. BROWN A WINNER
IN SEMI-FIN^AIi ROUNDS
Will Play Final Golf Match of
Council's Cup Contest To-Day
Against Mrs. Miller.
The semi-final round of the competi
tion for the Council's Cup for women
of the San Francisco Golf and Country
Ciub took place yest°rday afternoon
on the Presidio course. Mrs. R. .Gil
man Brown beat Miss Chesebrough
seven up and six to play and Mrs. W.
G. Miller won her match against Mrs. .
Leroy Nickel by the default of the
latter. »
The final round will be played to
day between Mrs. R. Gilman Brown
and Mrs. W. G. Miller. If Mrs. Brown
proves victorious her name will be en- :
graved on the handsome silver cup for
the second time, she having been the !
winner of the first competition held j
for it. If Mrs. W. G. MiMer wins, it
will be her third victory and the cup
will become her property.
'■ ♦ •
Boxing: Bonts Are Promising.
The programme of four-round box
ingr bouts arranged by Manager Morris
Levy for to-morrow evening's show in
Woodward's Pavilion is an interesting
one. Fightgoers are promised more
fighting than they could see In a pro
fessional fight of twenty rounds' dur
ation. They will also see Young Cor
bett and "Battling" Nelson, the two
premier boxers, in the role of referee.
Johnny Murray, who hails from New
York, gives six pounds to Eddie Carr
and his wise friends are ready to
wager heavily that the New Yorker
comes home with the prize. Murray
fought thirty-eight battles in the East
and lost nono. George Peterson Is in
splendid shape for his bout with Frank
Mayfleld.
A«k Assistance of Police.
Several young men who allege that
they have been duped by the Ameri
can Commercial Bureau, Starr King
building, have been calling at police
headquarters asking for assistance in
compelling the company to return
fees of from $3 to $4, which they had
deposited on the promise that clerical
positions would be procured for them.
Miss Ida M. Cooper, who is said to
be the head of the concern, called
upon Sergeant Donovan of the license
department, and she said the young
men had signed contracts to subscribe
for a magazine and not 'to get em
ployment. No action has been taken
against the company.
ALCAI-DE PARLOR BALI^ — Alcalde Par
lor, N. S. O. W., will celebrate the fifteenth
anniversary of Us Institution by a ball in Na
tive Sons' Hall to-night. This function Is
strictly Invitational. The grand march will be
started at 8:46 p. m.
CALIFORNIAS
ROLL STRONGLY
Milwaukee Bowling Team Is
E oil ted in the First of
the Exhibition Matches
CAPTUEE TWO IN A KOW
Lagarde and A. W. Martin
Do the Best Work of Night,
Securing Highest Scores
The first of a series of three exhi
bition matches between . the crack
bowling , teams of the city was won
last night ;by 'the Californias, who
beat the Milwaukees two out of three j
games on the California alleys. The ,
proceeds of the games are to go to de- j
fray the expenses of the team which |
is to be sent to Milwaukee . to repre
sent this city in the tournament.
•. The games last . nigjit were well
played and hotly contested for a time,
although there were no sensational 1
features. Lagarde, a star from the
Milwaukee team, cast his lot with the
I Californias to make the contest a lit
tle more even and interesting. He
played a strong game, being the high ,
man on his team.
The Californias started with a rush
that surprised their opponents and i
also the ■ large crowd of spectators. |
They won* the first game by a score !
of ' 910 to 890. This fast pace was j
maintained in the second contest, the ;
Californias again • winning out, this
time the score standing 942 to 888.
The Milwaukee team made a des
perate effort in the final struggle and
managed to give their opponents a
snowballing. The final score was 996 I
to 956. The last game was the best j
of the night and most of the rival con- ;
testants rolled up good scores. The j
play was exciting and the steady work ;
of the Milwaukees told in the long
run.
A. W. Martin of the Milwaukee
team did the best work of the night,
scoring 236. 222 and 238 in his three
games. McGrath too"k the place of
Knowlton on the California team in ,
the last game and rolled up the good
score of 216.
To-night the Golden West team,
champions of the city for 1903 and
1904, will line up against the Milwau
kee contingent. Lagarde will play |
with the Golden Wests. A good con- '
test is looked for, as both teams are .
evenly matched. . Following is the ;
score of last night's contest:
California*— "
Knowlton 202 139
Taggart 183 ' 191 172
Hegen 160 209 191
Merrill 192 180 15«
Lagarde 173 223 221
•McGrath ... 216
Totals 910 »42 906
Milwaukee*—
Williams 146 ISO 19? '
Bertelson 102 144 203
Tuttle 158 179 - 143
Harry Burke 158 Mi 210 1
A. W. Martin .....238 222 238
Totals 890 " 888 996
•Bowled for Knowlton in third game.
LEGISI,ATTVE SACKS ARE
NOW TO BE INVESTIGATED
The Grand Jury will begin an inves
tigation to-morrow of reports that
certain building and loan associations
have in past years raised corruption
funds to defeat measures in the Leg
islature calculated to put thebusinesa
on a sounder basis, but detrimental to
j the interests of the concerns which
I contributed money to buy votes. The
matter has been called to the atten
tion of Foreman Andrews by persons
who are waging war against the Con
tinental Building and Loan Associa
tion.
Douglas Young, the expert, is go
ing over the records of the Civil Ser
vice Commission and the department
is to have a thorough overhauling by
the Grand Jury. Other branches of |
the municipal government are like
wise being investigated.
Drop Charges Against Pittman.
Barton Pittman, the Tonopah
broker, was before the directors of the
San Francisco Stock Exchange Board
yesterday in relation to charges made
against him by Judah Boas. Pittman
was accused of having manipulated
certain stocks that a number of brok- i
ers, including Boaa, had "shorted."
The board yesterday, however, decided
tc drop the matter, it being apparent
that Pittman had committed no seri
ous offense against the rulee of the
exchange.
£gyS5 TlS ??lj!™7 : ' s> •
I A TRUE FRIEND! {
'"PHE friend who comes to your **
O BBpR * relief when you are sick and J|
• pv^iJS ' yes y° u back the health which j t
• fi| ou prize so highly Is a true friend, ( »
J fl Hm and toward such a friend you are •
S I p^l I bound to feel gratitude. Mr. James •
J B B* afl^lKfeiiiHH W- Barr °* Clovis, Ca!.. says that hs J ►
• will alw *y s be a true friend of mine J |
• I^^HLV r> - . - aK^^^^a b ecau9 *- after he had suffered for J |
• MM y fari with pains in his back and sev- o
9 V tti I era l other troubles, and spent a great •
5 P^niijl I deal of money- for drugs and the * >
9 IfthL-^^TH I man so-called remedies for such ail-. J
SM WJL~''JbJ I more than pleased with the results of 5
BhHH H more ( han pleased with the results >f J !
• B using your electric belt, for it has \ (
2 SB fgS one a great deal more for me than { t
5 Hr I ever hoped it would. My back is 4 >
Z ai am entirely cured and I feel like a dit- i •
( I BY ter ent man now. and thank you a{ '
• HT thousand times for it. I will 1 recom- j[
• ,l',^/^^^ . mend it to my friends and do every- «
t J5« g Can to J hovr them 1 that it is much cheaper in the long run #
• than taking medicine. I inclose the address of one friend of mine •
2 who. is always doctoring and never gets better. I advised him to get < I
3 1-. ',1 v d °" not J ike to P a y the P" cc - I showed him that it •
• was much cheaper to buy a sure cure even if the price was more -•
• than he pays for medicine, because he is buying medicine all the 2
• time, and it amounts to a great deal more than the belt w.ouli cost." §
• «ft«r tt^BTiT^^^r H**^ X *»•»■•«». X «<mt need it uid am not •
S ££^?-5V hh * y eftrn on dra »»— dope that 1. p»«U T «lnff the^ rttai or- •
f pound of strtarth for tt* HunOr«l» of cloUars wa»ttd. ■--.."*>" 5
• t> " E1 «ctricity is the coming cure all," says the Saturday Evening •
• ♦»,♦• Ine work that I've been doing with my belt tor years prove* 5
•' • that it cures all weakness, nervous and stomach troubles after all a
% other remedies fail. . 5
• Call to-day, or write for my book, which will inspire you to be a •
g strong man It tells how Ido it. Free if you send this ad. •
• r Hours 9to 8. Sundays io to I. " •
|; Dr. M. C. McLaughlin,^ B-
ttttHtltCflHtMMltNttltMHtNMUtttlHt
SAUSALITO TARS
ELECT OFFICERS
Ticket as Prepared by the
Nominating Committee Is
Elected With Unanimity
CLl'B IS PKOBPEKOIS
Board of Directors Is Em
powered to Buy Property
Adjacent to Clubhouse
There was a large attendance of
members at the annual meeting of the
San Francisco Yacht Club held last
night in the banquet hall of the Cali
j fornia Hotel. The principal business
, was the election of officers to serve dur
| Ing the coming twelve months. There
' was a "regular ticket," as prepar
the nominating committee, and a
"members' ticket." One hundred and
eleven members voted, the "regular"
nominees winning by so large a ma
; jority that they were declared unani
mously elected. The officers for the
cum*ing>year are: W. G. Morrow, com
modore; J. M. Punnett, vice commo
dore; T^F. Kennedy. p->rt captain; VV.
I W. Wilde, secretary; VV. \V. Roberts,
treasurer; A. G. A. Mueller, rinanci&l
secretary; If. \V. Farrar. measurer.
The reports of the commodore, port
1 captain, secretary, financial secretary
' and treasurer were read and appro veil.
They showed the club to be in a satis
i factory financial condition. The new
board of directors was empower
buy more property if in its judgn&ent
the interests of the club requir- tkat
this be done to accommodate the in
creased number of members. The
' commodore, however, stated that n>
; additional property will be purchased
! without consulting the whole body of
I members.
In referenoe to the lack of harmony
! existing last season in the club it was
declared to be the sense of the m
that loyalty to the officers is essential
to the interests of the club and that
i the officers be empowered t> Mlfaii »
the by-laws strictly against any mem
• bers who defy the regulations made
\ by tht officers or attempt la < r<»at • i
club within a club. It was decided (q
appoint a regatta committee i<;
members, three to take charge of yacht
races and sailing regattas and th
', maining three to manage power boat
races.
MAIL CARRIER Mod! \\V
MARKS A CONFESSION
Acknowledges Having Stolen One Dol
lar and a Half Out or a Regis,
tered letter.
William J. McGraw, a letter carrier,
appeared yesterday before United
States Commissioner Heacock for
preliminary examination on a charge
of having embezzled the contents of
a registered letter and having de
stroyed the letter. He was defended
by Bert Schlesinger.
Postoffice Inspector James O'Con- «
nell testified that in his presence and
that of Assistant United States .'At
torney Ben L. McKir.iey the defendant
confessed that he had taken the
money from the letter and destroyed
the letter. The money was a $1 green
back and a silver half-dollar, both of
which had been marked by Mr.
O'Cosnell for identification before
they were placed in the letter.
The case went over for one week.
"EDUCATIONAL MEN"
IN ROLE OF GAMBLERS
Chinatown Squad Raids Their Head*
quarters and FlndM an Inlawful
Game in Progress.
Corporal Ross of the Chinatown
squad swooped down upon the head
quarters of the so-called "Educational
I Society" on Commcci.-l street early
yesterday morning and caught a gam
bling game in progress. Four Chinese
and the paraphernalia were captured.
Some time ago the educational men.
who have been active in giving infor
mation to the authorities concerning
i gambling in Chinatown, appealed for
j police protection and ever since a pa
trolman has been stationed at the en
j trance to their headquarters. Tester
; day morning Poiiceman Fenner notl
! fled Corporal Ross of his suspicions
j that a game was in progress inside
i and the raid was planned at once.
The "educational men" have posed
as the Puritans of Chinatown, but
they are said to be among the most
vicious of the highbinder element.BATTLESHIP OHIO ON HER FINAL TRIAL TRIP SATISFIES NAVY
BOARD THAT SHE IS UP TO REQUIREMENTS.
Admiral Whiting Says She Proved Herself a Good Ship
Sailing ol Big Liner Korea
Postponed Until Next
Wednesday.
fiM Doited States battleship Ohio,
:.opan. returned yesterday
from hor laa« trial trip. The trial
. resulted In her being ac
cepted by the Navy Department took
place long ago and the big fighting
,ne has been in commission for
some time. 1 trial was for
the purpose of giving every part of
the battleship and all her equipment
a thorough, practical 6ea test. Upon
the report made by the trial board de
pends the payment to the Union Iron
V.orks of the last installment of th<»
cost of construction. According to
.Admiral Whiting, president of the
board, the Ohio proved herself a
good ship, and although the official
report must be In the hands of the
Navy Department before It ie made
public, there 16 every reason to believe
that H will be favorable.
The trip occupied several days. The
"8 were submitted to all sorts of
herok strains and the steering gear
1 In Intricate evolutions. Barges,
cutters, steam launches and life rafts
*ere launched and made to show their
Quality. Each bit of gear and auxil
iary machinery tvas tested in the tusk
for which it had been constructed.
Big guns and iittle guns were fired
end all in all the Ohio was mas" to
prove that she could do everything
called for In the specifications under
I 1 fhe was built.
Instead of returning to her ar.ch»r
ff the Union Iron Works the
dropped anchor yesterday off
Ked Rock, where a general inspection
of the crew was held. The battleship
. leared for action. Then blue
• 's and marines left the ship in
landing parties. But they did not
laud anywhere. After rowing a few
hundred f^et away from the Ohio the
men rested on their oars until re
called to the gangway.
Ahnut I o'clock Admiral Whiting"s
nld him that he was due
*oor I rba Buena dinner table.
so he tvafted a wireless order and the
as dispatched from the
g station to bring the admiral
(.ap in Panama Service.
Owir.g to th» detention on the Central Amer
ican Coast of the liner Newport there will b;
nj Pacific Mail steamer from Panama until
n< xt Wcdnefcday. when the City of Peking is
cut. The coffee «"OP this year is said to be
oxve- cf the largest en record, and It was on
account of the unexpected mount ready for
eaiiy Efcipment that the Newport was taken
<TT the tegu!ar run and turned temporarily to
coffee tramping. The City of Peking will
r.c up the Newport's cargo as wei! as her
own. The freighter Aztec is now on her way
frcm Japan to Acapulco. The Aztec. Ba-.ra
icuta and San Mateo will do the Pacific Mail
• "urr.panv's tramping until the coffee crop ha?
l>cen gathered and shipped to market, t.'pon
'.}?r ar:!vaJ at Acapulco of the Aztec the New
}«.rt will con-.p here to be placed on the San
J'rancisco-Portland run. r-~
Korea Will Take Bic Cargo.
Owir.g to the discovery til a crack in her
Ficrn frame the liner Korea will not get off
iLe drydock until to-iiaj". A 6iraUar but more
*..rious Saw was found in the liner Siberia
end that vessel was out of commission foi
mary weeks. In the Korea's case a patch.
:t is eaid. will suffice to Insure the stability
< .' the defective casting. An enormous amount
of freight for the Orient has accumulated here
end the Korea, whost sailing date ha« been
pcstpcr.ed until next Wednesday, will be
ie&ded to her full capacity, carrying nearly
10.000 toes cf careo.
Puts Into Montevideo.
Another cf the •_»-Horn fleet ha*
been compelled to put into Montevideo for re
pairs. Many vessels well known here have
been there cf late, all victims of the storm.
The latest arrival at the southern harbor of
refuse is the ship Benjamin F. Packard, bound
frcm Baltimore for San Diego. She arrived
t-i Montevideo yesterday in a badly damaged
COfifiltlOß.
Water Front Notes.
Ttie Oceidectal and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's lire' Coptic, from th« Orient, will be
to port early this morning.
The French bark Gael, which cleared Feb
ruary 3, secured a crew yesterday and aailed
for Joey Heads.
The British trarrp steamer Glenturret. which
srrived a few days aro and is said to have
cotne here to load cargo for Vladivostok, Is
f-'.l'. at anchor in the stream.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted for
reinsurance as follows: Stork, 80 per cent;
JRcbert Rickzsers. 90 per cent.
Charters.
Tt>e lAoflnw Poarteas Is chartered for lum
ber frcm Grejt Harbor to Oaaymaa and th«
•hip Falla of Clyde returns to Kilo with gen
eral earxo.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. February 8.
V S «tmr Ohio. Logan, rrtm Santa Barbara
Stair CclusLbia. Dormn. 6814 hours from
Portland, via Aston* 42 hours.
Stmr Pcmoiii, Swanson, 19 hour* from
ICmrta.
Ettcr Shasta. Hanaan, 8 days from Bellins
riatn: bound for Kan Pedro; put in to land
passengers.
Strrsr '"has >.»ca, Csirlrtiaii»en, 22 hour*
fr/^ni Eureka
Star Nome City, Laevinson, 00 hears from
Everett.
Stmr Santa Monica, Ols*n, 44 'hoora from
Rtdondo. via Santa Barbara S3 hours.
Sefcr James A Garfleld, Norby, 7 Cays from
Aberdeen.
Pchr Advent, Otcrn. 4 days from Coos Bay.
Echr Chas R Wilson, Sar.dberr, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Wed«e6day. February 8.
f-trr.r State cf California, Thomas. San Dl
+gr> and way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship
Company.
£?mr City '' Puebla. Jep«on. Victoria, etc;
PacSflc Coast Steamrhli* Company.
S;mr Ayuncicn. Bridrett. Portland; master.
.SAILED.
Wednesday, February 8.
filnir Arctic. Nelscn. Eureka.
Fhs.«ta, Hanson. Ean Pcfiro.
Stmr 'Sirnai. Xiendfßard,' Cocs Bay.
v:rnr Brooklyn. C'arlscn, M^ndoctno."
Ptmr Ikiith, Hail. Gynter Harbor
Ktmr Nen-fhny. I>ec. Crescent City.
Ptmr F A JviJbum. Thompson, Portland, etc,
Simr Fclton. l'anz»r. Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix. Walter*. Eureka.
fctmr nreakxvaW, Johnyon. Coo» Bay
Kimr Je.-nes S H!c«:in?. Hisjrin*, Fort Bragc.
Ktmr (Asuncion, Br'dgett. Astoria-
Pears'
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort and
cleanliness.
Pears 1 soap cleanliness —
perfect cleanliness and
comfort.
•©Wsliow the world.
• Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Ft bark Gael, Savary, Sydney Heads.
Schr Volunteer. mem. Coos Bay.-
Schr Mar}' Etta. Uruggel, Iversens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 8, 10 p m — Weather
clear; wind .N'.V: velocity 6 miles per hour..
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Rainier,
hence Feb 4: sunr Portland, frum Valdes.
Feb S — ?tmr llcbert Dollar, from San Pedro.
VEXTT.KA— Arrived Feb S— Stmr Scotia,
from San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb S— Stmr Vanguard,
hence Feb 6.
Sailed Feb »— Schr OttllMe Fjord, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Feb — Stmrs Eureka and Corona,
hence Feb 7; stmr Pasadena, her.cc Feb 6;
Mmr Marshfield. from Hardy Creek.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Feb Bktn
Retri»>v»»r. from San Pedro.
PORT HAKKORD— SaiIed Feb B— Stmr
Whittler. for San Francisco, with barge Santa
Pauls in tow.
Arrived Feb S — Stmr Coos May. hence Feb
7. snd sailed at 6 i> m for San Pedro.
BELLINGH AM— Arrived Feb S— Stmr Rai
nier, enc- Feb 4. via Seattle; G-er stir.r As-
Fuan. from Port Gamble.
TATOOSH— Passed in Feb B—Stmr8 — Stmr Ne
braskan. hence Feb 5 for Seattle.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb B— gtinr Rosecrans,
for Monterey.
CRESCENT (ITT— Sailed Feb B— Stmr Del
Norte. for San Francisco.
COOS BAY-xArrived Feb — Strar Homej>
from Eureka. ,
Salted Feb S — Stmr Homer, for Portland.
Sailed Feb S — Stmr Roanoke.. for San Pedro,
via Knreka and San Francisco."
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Feb S — Stmr Santa
Cruz h«ac ■ F<;b 4.
Sailed Feb & — Schr Dora Bluhm, for Grays
Harbcr; mr W H Krujcer, for fan Fran-
DON DO— Arrived Feb — Stmr Aurelia.
from Portland.
FOI»T BRAGG — Sailed Feb S — Stmr Bruns
wick, tor San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Feb — Stmr
Queen, from San Dleso, and sailed for San
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Feb «— Schr Manila,
from Port Gamble.
Sailed Feb — Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco; s=chr Lottie Carson, for Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Feb 6— Schr C
A Thayer, hence Feb 1,
. ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Feb 6— Br etmr Moana.
for Vancouver.
Arrived Feb — Br stmr Doric, hence Feb "J.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK — Sailed Feb 7— Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BERMUDA — Arrived Feb 7—7 — 6tmr Ken
nebec. from Yokohama, for New York; coaled
and proceeded. - '■ /
CORONEL — Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Oregonian,
from New York, lor San Diego and San Fran
clpco. *
Sailed Feb B—Stmr8 — Stmr Oregonlan, for San Fran
cisco, via San Diego. „ ,
ANTWERP— SaiIed Feb — Br ship EutleJ.
for San Francisco. -
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 6 — Br stmr Em
prees of JaDan. from Vancouver. Prior to
Feb B—Jap8 — Jap stmr Kanagawa Maru. from Ta-
C °ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived Feb s— Nor
Etmr Bergenhaus. from Iqulque; coaled and
PI VICTORIA — Pasaed out Feb B— Br etmr
\ 'liTOEIA— PaEB-d out Feb B—Br8 — Br etmr
Athenian, for Yokohama; s-.mr Ramona. for
Sk #ANTA. ROSALlA— Arrived Feb B— Bktn
Newsboy, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Feb 4— Schr Golden Shor«, for Grays
Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— F*b B— Stmr Teutonic
for Lli'erpool. __.
gT THOMAS — Arrived Feb i — Stmr Prin
zeesin Victoria Luis*, from New York, en
CT MOVILLE— Arrived . Feb 8— Btmr Sicilian,
from St John. N B. and Halifax, for Liver-
P °NAPLiES — Balled Feb 7— Stmr Prince Adel
be 6C)U f TH\ f MPTO CNC N— Sailed Feb 8-Stmr Kron
prinz Wilhelm. from Bremen, for New York,
VI DOVE^-^Arr!ve<J Feb 8-Stmr Pennsylvania,
from New York.. . ■• '» l .r .
Memoranda.
LONDON. Feb 8— Ship Ben J F Packard,
from Baltimore for San Dieso. put into Mon
tevideo. with sundry losses a.d damages bus
tained in heavy weather. _. , _ r-»,
TOKIO Feb S— Br Ftmr Eastry. from. Car
diff for Vladivostok with a cargo of coal, was
captured yesterday off Hokkaido Island and
taken to Yokosruka.
- • '■>-', ♦
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. X.. . Mer
. chants' Exchanger San Francfsco. Cal..
February S.- 19<Jj. < • M ' . _
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. c. at noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C, BURNETT,
! Lieutenant. V. B. >'.. In charge.
■ . :. -* -. :--
Pun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Tim* and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort 1 Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
I rainutea -later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the aame at both places.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY ».
Fun rises 7:07 a. m.
tun eets 5:42 p. m.
Moon sets • .....10:43 p. m.
M iTime 'Time! Time Time]
p rt. I 1 Ft. ! Ft. — Ft. ;
a 1H W i. W| HW L. wi
• j 2:SS . 4.8 7:48 2.4 2:40 4.0] 8:38 1.7
10 3:22 4.8 9:30 2.2 3:35 8.7 0:15 2.1
11 3:54 4.8 10:32 1,9 4:47 :'..!> 10:04 2.4
12 I »:.TJ 4,»i11:56 1.5 6:18 3.5 11:04 2.7
13 5r!S 5.0 12:«7 1.1 7:33 3.7 . .'....
• 1L Wl |H W L, W h w
J4 O:Wi 2.9[ «:15 R. 2 1:33 O.G 8:48 ' 3.9
15 I 1:141 2»i 7:091 6.3 2:24 o.l| 9:38| r 4.2
NOTE — In the above ; exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left <
hand column and the successive tides , of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; "the
fourth time column, irtvffe the last .tide rf>f- the
day except when there are but three. tides, as
sometimes occur*. The heights Riven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coaet Eurvey Charts, except when a minus, —
elgm precedes the height, and then the number
Cl ven Is subtracted from the depth ~ given by
THE SAN T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9. 1905.
SHIP BENJAMIN F. PACKARD, I
BOUND FOR SAN DIBGO. WHICH
PCT INTO JIONTEAIDEO.
the charts. The p'.ar.e of reference ts the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. • From. ! Due.
Czarina I (?oos Bay 'Feb. 9
Roanoke Portland &' Astoria. ... Feb. 9
South Bay Portland & Astoria Feb. 9
Titania Oyster Harbor .... Feb. 9
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Feb. »
Coptic China & Japan Feb. 9
Queen San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. ■ 9
V mat ilia Puget Sound. Ports Feb. 10
Del Norte Crescent City ..'.... :. Feb. 10
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 10
Corona Humboldt ..V .....Peb. 11
Chlco Coquille River Feb. 11
Wellington.... Oyster Harbor .Feb. 11
Coos Bay . Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 12
San Pedro 'Grays Harbor Feb.- 12
0reg0n. . ..... J Seattle ........ . V: ..... Feb. 12
Aroata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Feb. 12
Arctic ! Humboldt Feb. 12
Centralia ! Grays Harbor Feb. 12
Elizabeth eoquille River Feb. 18 I
Costa Rica... I Portland & Astoria Feb. 13
Ventura > Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. IS
Northland I Portland & Astoria Feb. IS I
Norwood ; Seattle Feb. 13 j
Nebraskan Seattle Feb. 13
State of Cal. . San Dirgo & Way Pts. Feb. 13
Breakwater. . . Coos Bay Feb. 13
■B. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla . . . Feb. 14
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Feb. 14
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 14
Porno Point Arena. & Albion.. Feb. 14
City Peking... New York via Ancon..|Feb. 15
Senator Puget Sound Ports.... Feb. 15
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham.. Feb. 15
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. Feb. 16
Denderah Hamburg & Way Ports Feb. 16
i Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma .. Feb. 17
: Assuan Seattle Feb. 17
F. Kilburn Portland & Way Ports. : Feb. 18
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ...j Feb. 18
TO SAIL..
Steamer. > Destination. | Sails. l Pier.
February 9. I I
Roancke ... Los Angeles Ports. 9 amiPler 13
8. Monica... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
F. Kilburn.. Portland & Way.. 4 pm Pier 27
S. Bay Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 27
G. Lindauer. Grays Harbor .... ' 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Montara.... Seattle direct i 4 pm Pier 9
February 10. , |
Redondo. . . . I Portland & Way..; 4pm Pier . 2
Pomona Humboldt ..... 1:30 pJPier 9
February 11. | f
Newburg Grays Harbor I 4 pmlPier 10
Chtco Los Angeles Ports. 5 Pier 2
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier 20
Point Arena. Point Arena .. | 4 pm Pier 2
S. Cruz San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Sydney. N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
C. Nelson... Humboldt - 9 am Pier 20 I
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24 !
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Chehalis Grays Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2 I
February 12.
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt | fl am Pier 13
Queen San Diego & Way. . | 9 'am Pier 11
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. I 1 pm Pier 2
February 13.. | .
Northland. . . Los Angeles Ports.! spm Pier 27
Corona Humboldt .]l:3op Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.l 5 Pier 20
Norwood.... Los Angeles Ports. 1 I Pier 2
February 14. i |
Elizabeth... Coquilie River 1 5 pm.Pier 20
8. Barbara.. I ./OS Angeles -Ports.! 1 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Ft. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Korea china & . Japan. ... 1 pm Pier 40
UmatiHa....' Puget Sound -Ports 11 am Pier . 9
February 15. . : ! ■ - 1
Arctic r. Humboldt .... . I 9 am Pier '- 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.... ' 5 Pier 8
Coos Bay... Newport & Way., 9 am Pier 11
February 16. ' • /
Nebraskan.. Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pm Pier 23
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
February 17. - 1-
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor...... ; 4 pmPler 10
.- - February 18. I • '
Costa Rica... NY.- via Ancon .. 12 ;■: ml Pier 40
Rainier Seattle & Bllnghmi 4 pnVPler 10
February 19. ■ I l -
Senator ; Puget Sound Ports.. 11 ami Pier 9
V ' FROM ' SEATTLE.
-Steamer. " ; Destination. : I Sal is. ■
Portland .....'. Seldovla ! & ' Way .Ports. I Feb." It
Santa Clara.. . Valdez |& ■ Seward .*..:.*. Feb.< 13
Jefferson..".... Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 13
Cottage City. . I Skagway . & , Way Ports. Feb. ; 14
Fara110n...... Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 15
Santa Ana.... j Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. Feb. 10
Alki. Skagway & Way Ports. ! Feb. IS
■■ ♦ ■
Company X to Entertain.
The members of Company X,
League of the Cross Cadet?, of St.
Paul's parish, have completed ar
rangements for the entertainment and
dance to be given by them this even
ing at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street. The well known Manhattan
quartet will render selection* during
the course of the programme, the rest
of which contains some of the best
amateur talent in the city. An excel
lent orchestra has been engaged to
dispense music for the dancing, which
will commence promptly at 10 o'clock.
A real good time is in store for the
many friends ot this company.
PAUPER . DENIED , A * LANDING.— On , the
report •of 5 United j States - Immigrant ' : Inspector
de .la Torre the "; United ; States : Immigrant j Bu
reau at this port has denied a : landing to Mrs. 1
Felipe Enriquez,"' 66 years ! old.i who came from
Mazatlan on . the .-. steamship j City lof 1 Sydney.:
The f reason , for., the - denial war \ that the old
woman t was ;a' pauper and liable to become a
public chars*. -
Weathw Report.
(120:h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. S— s p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day: -
Boston 24-12 New Orleans 66-44
Chicago .".O-10 Philadelphia 28-14
Cincinnati 22-18 Pittuburg 26-8
Honolulu H. 1... 76-64 St. Ix>uis 24-20
Jacksonville 64-46 Washington 2S-1C
New York .£2-12
SAN FRANCISCO 60-48
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to I
date, as compared with those of same date
last seeson, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
LAit This Last
Stations^ — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 00 22.55 26. 1S
P.ed Bluff 00 24.12 14.10
Sacramento 00 13. 6 St.ST I
San Francisco 00 16.02 7.95
Fresno 00 7.90 1.74
Independence '*> .... 0.41
San Luis Oblspo 00 14.21 3.8*
Los Angeles On 10.81 1.63
Pan Diego 00 8.88 1.32 I
THE COAST RECORD.
-g. pin 4 ..*; §
, stations. ;| |ff liS g« ||
<■■ I* *""?*■ *• '. -"•
'. '. '.■" . .i V , C. I - i ' "-*■■'■ ,", §
-.• - .;,. •.#. .S-.3- .:. ...,:■ ■.■■■ °
Baker .v...... 80. 16 62 20 SW Pt.Cldy .01
Carson 30.08 44 22 NE Clear .00
I Eureka ......30.20 62 88: N Clear .00
Fre«no 30.10 60 40 . W Clear .00
S.E. Farallon 30.10 .61' 61 SW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.84 '84 , 8 "W Clear T.
Pocatello .....30.12 30 22 SW Pt.Cldy .01
1 Independence- .29.98 68 — J?E Clear .00
Los Angeles ..30.10 62:42^8W Pt.Cldy .00 i
Mt.Tamalpals SO. II 61 41 N\V Pt.Cldy .00
North Head ..30.28 46 40 W Cloudy .03
Phoenix ;..... 30.06 62- 42 W Clear .00
Pt. Reyes L't.30.06 68 49 SW- Cloudy .CO 1
Portland 30.28 46 8« SW Cloudy .03
Red Bluff . . . 30.06 ;62 38 N Clear .00
Sacramento ...30.10 66 40 BE , Clear . .00
Salt Lake ....30.]2 80 2S SW Cloudy .02
San Francisco 30.12 60 48 W Clear .00
San L. Obispo.3o.lo 62 38 NW Clear. .00
San Diego ..30.10' '62 46 W .Clear .00 1
Seattle ....... 30. 20 46 36 S -, Cloudy .06'
Spokans 30.14 36 28 SW Cloudy .00 J
Tatoosh .. 30.12 48 — W - Cloudy .16
Walla Wa11a..30.18 ;42 32 8 Pt.Cldy .00 1
Winnemucca ..So. 12 38 28 SW Cloudy .00}
Yuma 30.04 66 44 S Clear . .08 i
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather continues clear on the Pacific
Coast, except In Washington and Northern Ore- j
gon, where there have been light showers.
Light snow is reported in Itah and Idaho.
Light frosts occurred in California..
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 9:
California north of Tehachapl — Fair Thurs- '
day; light frosts in Interior; light north wind.
California south of Tehachapi — Fair Thurs
day; light frosts In morning back from coast;
light north wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
light north winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
light northeast wind?.
Sacramento — Fair Thursday; light north
winds.
Fresno — Fair Thursday: light north winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
ORDER BRIDGES
TO BE REPAIRED
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday requested the Board of
Works to furnish an estimate of the ]
cost of painting and making repairs on
the Fourth and Sixth street bridges.
John Karnett, an expert employed by
the committee, filed a report that the
heavy traffic over the bridges would
result in a serious accident and the
committee requested the United Rail
roads not to allow more than two cars
on the Fourth street bridge at the
same time. Barnett's report says:
"Something must be done soon to
prevent the overloading and overcrowd
ing of these . bridges, which may cause
a serious accident that might be very
expensive. It is not unusual to see I
four of the street cars loaded to their 1
full capacity and heavily loaded drays
on the Fourth street bridge at times
after it has been closed and again
closed. The iron work should be paint
ed every two years to prevent corro
sion."
Tirey L. Ford, attorney of the United
Railroads, appeared before the com
mittee in answer to the complaints that
the corporation refuses to tear up
tracks, the franchises of which have
been forfeited owing to non-us«. Ford
agreed to file a written statement re
garding the complaints.
The committee d°clded to pay no
attention to the communication of E.
F. Troy demanding that the curve
track at Post and Kearny streets re
cently laid by the United Railroads be
torn up forthwith until he had couched
the missive in more temperate lan
guage. The committee stated that the
Board of Supervisors has no strong
men able to rip up the rails and could
not delegate its clerks to do it.
The committee referred the petition
of the direct-line telephone com
pany for permission to erect overhead
wires in districts outside of the under
ground districts and underground wires
In euch underground district* for the
CLUNIE RECALLS
THREAT TO KILL
Bridgford Hetorts That He
Would Not Harm an
Enemy With a Pistol
AKGOIENTX ABE BEGUN
Executors Charged With Em
bezzlement Because They
Paid Fees of Attorneys
The Clunie-Briclgford-White contro- j
versy, arising out of the objections of j
Andrew J. Clunie to the account of his ,
co-executors in " the Thomas J. Clunie I
estate, reached the argumentative !
stage yesterday, and this afternoon,
after E. A. Bridgford has presented his
views to the court arid Andrew Ciunie 1
has answered them, the conflict will be
.taken under submission by Judge Cof
fey, without reference. to the personal
bitterness which has surcharged the
proceedings. •
A final* fling at -the' sensational was
had in the following dialogue, when
Clunie was on the stand yesterday and
Bridgford the examiner.
Bridgford — Why have you teen constantly re-
I ferrinsr to that Harcourt note in this proceeding
since I told you it was paid?
Clunie — Because I thought you were . guilty
of perjury in hating left White's collateral
■ note out of the account. An.l - I am going to
] refer; to It again" in my argument. 1 am under
' oath now.
Bridgford— And you are lying under oath.
: Judge Coffey (to Clunie) — You are not under
oath to Impute a crime. Leave out this "guilty
of perjury" from your testimony. You may
say what you please in an argument.
Bridgford— You'll never . ay it outside of
this court.
Clunie (deprecatingly) — Oh, you've threat
ened to kill me two or three times. Judge.
Bridgford — I'll never harm you that way.
Clunie — Well, you can't harm me any other
way. because. I am watching you.
So much for that and no blood was
shed..
When Clunie took the stand in his
own behalf he explained many of the
matters contained in his objections to
the account. He had, he said, never
consented .to the payment of $2500 to
Bridgford as an advancement on his
executor's commission, and when he
discussed the matter with him Bridg
ford "used foul language" and ordered
him out of the office, "but I didn't go,"
said Clunie, "because it wasn't his
office; he didn't pay a cent for it."
i After Clunie's testimony was taken
both sides rested and then Clunie ob
jected to having the report of Ac
countant Knapp, certifying to the cor
rectness of the executor's books, be
come a part of the records in the case.
Judge Coffey said the report had no
legal value.
Then Clunie be^an his argument, de
claring that the executors had misap
propriated $10,000 of the estate's funds
In paying attorneys whose services
were not needed. He asserted that
they were therefore guilty of embezzle
ment under the. section of the Criminal
Code relating to the trust of executors.
He contended that if the services of
Judge Grant and Walter Robinson
could be charged for the court would
not have allowed more than $3000, and
he relied on that provision of General
Clunie's will that one of the three ex
ecutors, all lawyers, should choose one
of their own number as attorney for
the estate.
When Judge Grant answered the ar
gument he , made ■ the point that the
provision of the will that one of the
three "may be designated as attor
ney" was not mandatory, but merely
to be construed that if one of the three
acted he should have extra compensa
tion for the service. The services by
himself and Robinson, he said, had
been rendered in good faith and the
money had been paid. If it was not
allowed by the court the executors
could be held personally responsible.
Judge' Coffey intimated that attor
neys often drew wills in their own in
terest and that the court could not ut
terly ignore the provision of Clunie's
will. It either meant" something or
nothing regarding the employment of
one of the three executors as attorney.
Grant, for himself. wanted to say
that he had been charged with helping
"to loot the estate"; that it was a se
rious charge, gravely made, and if true
ought to be followed by proceedings
for his disbarment from practice. "If
false," said he, "it constitutes criminal
libel."
"I am willing to answer the libel,"
interjected Clunie.
"You will be called upon to answer,"
said Burrell White. '
GIFTED CAST IS REHEARSING
TO PLAY GERMAN DRAMA
Indications Point that "Frau Koenl
gin" at the Alhambra Will Prove
Striking Success.
Under the direction of Herr Arthur
! Becker the cast of "Frau Koenigin" is
I industriously rehearsing at the Al
hambra Theater for the performance
to be given on February 25. Those in
charge are highly pleased with the
manner in which the clever amateurs
are getting along.
Those in the cast are Miss Grace
L,lewellyn Jones. Herr Carl Mem. Miss
Amy Porter, Miss Louise Hulling. Miss
i Etta Eiben. Miss Rosenstein. Madame
| Inez Carusi. Dr. Knight Smith, Dr.
■ Broderick, Dr. Planez, M. Lachter. B.
i Burkhart and others. The play will
be given in German. The proceeds
will be given to the German depart
' ment of the State University library.
purpose of connecting private tele- i
phones to the City Attorney for an ]
opinion as to whether a grant of i
franchise is not necessary in the
premises. *
if LIMITED \
mm is a luxurious solid through train EVERY DAY \&'
> MM IN THE YEAR, less than three days to Chicago TO"
mm over the only double-track railway between the »m*
■■ Missouri River and Chicago. Electric lighted ll
■I throughout. Two trains daily via the II
11 CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC If
11 AND NORTH-WESTERN LINE. ff
"1» Direct r connection for St. Paul and Minneapolis. H
w^ Fast time. . MB
VL The Best of Everything. H
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and fuil infor- MM
mation apply to nearest ticket jlttSmm&fSl*.
asent, or to ;
lp fSftlnfHi I likJ X*" *t7 Mtriet Bt, Ajt Pieil« C«st, C a !.-¥. RT,- gtfa*j|j||W
HAZEN MISSES
SIX MAIDENS
Secret Service Man Kept in
the Dark as to Revelations
.Made by the Chinese Slaves
* ■ «
HE BEPOKTS TO WILKIF
Blame Is Attached to the
Commissioner General, to
J. Dunn and Hart North
The Appraiser's building is fairly
ouzzing with the Lee Toy scandal, and
the details of the criminal negligence
jf the Chinese Bureau people here and
in St. Louis and of the office of the
Crated States Commissioner General of
Immigration are coming to light. It
appears that six Chinese slaves whm
had been sent to the Chinese village at
the St. Louis Exposition had confessed
as early as October 25 to Inspector
James R. Dunn that Lee Toy's agent
In China had purchased them for an
immoral purpose and that Lee Toy had
coached them as to what they should
say to the immigrant authorities on
their arrival at this port. The prices
paid for them as related by the slaves
are as follows: H. Sun Won. $1500 Mex
ican; Fong Ngan, $1400 Mexican; Ng
M<fw San. $600 Mexican: Loo Ngung,
$1000 Mexican; Can Gin Vow, $500 Mex
ican, and Ho Hung, $900 Mexican.
Mr. Dunn reported these confessions
to his superior officers in Washington
and recommended the deportation of
the women. Neither he nor his supe
riors ever thought of notifying District
Attorney Woodworth or Mr. North of
the revelations made by the women un
til November 19, three weeks later,
when Dunn wrote to North informing:
him that the women had confessed and
that their confessions implicated Lee
Toy and others. This latter was re
ceived by North on November 21 At
that time the six women were in cus
tody here, and would have been de
tained as witnesses in the Lee Toy-Da
Silva trial had Mr. Woodworth been
notified of any of these facts. North
deported the women mi November 2t>,
and on December 5 sent to Mr. Wood
worth the duplicate copies of the con
fessions.
'Woodworth came to my office on De
cember 5," said United States Secret
Service Agent Hazen yesterday, "hand
ed me the confessions and asked. What
3o you think of that?' He informed me
that they had been handed to him by
Mr. North's messenger without any
letter of transmission explaining their
history. I reported the case at once to
Mr. Wilkle. chief of the United States
secret service at Washington. The
women could have been intercepted at
Honolulu had we been notified and
brought back here to testify on the
trial of Lee Toy and Da Silva-. but they
were out nine days at that time and
had passed Honolulu. I have no doubt
that with their testimony Lee Toy at
least could have been convicted."
Mr. Woodworth said yesterday that a
conviction could have been had if the
svorr.en had been kept here to testify.
"The written confessions would not
be admitted in court," he added. "It
would be necessary for the women
themselves to testify."
F7I.E ANSWER TO THE
SUIT BROUGHT BY RAYL
Defendants Allege That Plaintiff Was
Beaten By Friends of Girl
He Attacked.
Frank G. Hancock. Roland Murdock
md John Daley filed through their
ittorney, Frank Costello, an answer
yesterday in the suit brought against
;hem by Garfleld Ravi in the Justice's
rourt to recover $299 damages for an
illeged assault. The answer puts in
i complete denial that the defendants
aeat or maimed Rayl and also makes
illegations against Jiis moral char
icter, claiming that he poses as a
pugilist and is known as '"Kid" Rayl.
rhey also allege on information and
belief that Rayl attempted an attack
:>r. two occasions upon Terese Mc-
Htnry, once at the Edgemere Hotel
md another time in a law office. The
iefendants further state that they are
informed that Rayl did receive a beat
ing at the hands of the friends of
rerese McHenry for his attempted at
tack upon her.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
9k Taken on arising, faflMfl
■■X (half a glass), frees |9
Bref|| the Bowels — thor- M|
km ou£hly» .bat gently — PEfj
|jm relieves ( onstir>«Uou Mjß
W&R and cleanses the sy»> fßm
BBb ' tern. The superiority ram
iBB of - > mam
OM "HUXYADI .lAXOS" '3R
WSBi over other Laxative {gglf
ShH Waters is nctncrwl- JSaa
E&m *«lgpd, ■> • It -was HH
KM awarded the Grand MfS
B| Prize at the St. Louis g^g
BK3 — 9s^3
HI ■" Take the best ear« iSm
r ADVERTISEMENTS.
Joi^*^k JUST
Wf COME TO
m ME
§COWE TO
ME
■ ** V - TO
- t-- 1 ?.'•.-« 'I^SM ■ SSI for treatment'
' «-'i ? i>^?..'^>*^ expect to be cured.
1 WiSD^^K Tf others hay» failed,
/"s,. ***Y<2Ajtg expect ma tr» car«
A v XiaaJßHi' you. Unless I know
f X I A>. that I can cure you I
/W I st\ v* will not accept your
J V^«.,', -Y^f \ \ cas * and In every
**Ti^^7 V-J Infill ii I treat by my
.J -J  _own original advanced
v»B.O.C.JOSIEv »B.O.C.JOSlEI 11 ,, l scientific methods. .
I ' ho Leading Specialist I treat
MEN ONLY
Ky Pees Art Pair. My Cores
Permanent, and Yon Can
Pay When Satisfied That
Tom Are Welt.
My experience as a specialist In men's
diseases is or a seventeen-year quality I
tr»at and cur« "WEAKNESS" ''"KPMA
TORRHOEA. VARICOCELE. HYDRO.
CKLJS. CONTRACTED DISOnDERS
SPECIFIED BLOOD P0130.V. STRIC-
TURE AND PILES.
Consultation and Instructive pamphlet
free at office or by mall.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
Corner Market and Keamy Sts.
j " Private entrance 702 Market at.
A Word From the Wise
- 'Tis the small things which annoy—
lump or scratchy collar, a smudgy shirt,
a ragged-edge cuff or perhaps a waxy
; looking colored vest. Try another laun-
dry. Phone South 420. We have been
pleasing our patrons. "We will continue.
"We will please you. A trial will con-
vince you.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET .
I • ■ Telephone South 420.
carters! cere sick H£ADACnH -
■little Genuina Must Bear
1 IVER Fao-Simile Signature
■Li y^e^^^^f
V^™^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
flr>O-C^n <*-9 KEABST J»T. Established
U-^g^aAiii 193-1 rorttjs treatment nf rrivat-*
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ti'29 KEABXT MM. E^rablishen
. 1H.5-1 for tue treatmei:: ■■'. frivam
Dtaeaae^, I.mt Manhood. T>»hi
niw VYmSfii "*' ' w <*arlDeon bodyaml ruin.! *n«t
O|TWS5K3^lt!n Di!>-»«es. The Dortornir^w'p*!!
others fall. Try him inarms low.
1 Enaranlrril. Call or writ*
Dr. J. P. (lIBBOJI, San Frarv.Uco. CaL
OCEAN TKAVEIi.
S Steamers of company, or
/£\C55-SQjv for whica It Is agent, leave
fjtfj >lyft Piers 9 and 11, San Fran-
cisco:
ll I I For Ketehlkan. WratageL
I \ \tto*4U I '•"*"• Treadwell. Halnes.
NeFv \\ ~ Tftl Skaewar. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
m.. Feb. 4, 9. 14. 18, 24.
March 1. Change to this com-
pany's steamer at Seattle.
For \ictorla. Vancouver. Port Townsend.
Seattle. Tacoma Everett, Anacortes. Sout.l
Bellineham. Belllngham— ll a. m.. Feb. 4. 9.
14. 19. 24, March 1. Change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry •
at Seattle or Taeoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona 1:3»
p. m.. Feb. 4. 10. 18, 22. 28. March ». Corona.
1:30 p. m., Feb. 1. 7. 13. 19. 25, March 3.
For Los Angeles (via Pert Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego. and Santa Barbara-
Queen. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crus, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Sa»
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme —
• ,Ccos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 7, 15. 33. March *■
Santa Cruz (freight only). & a. m.. Feb. »
11. 19. 27.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joe* dat
> Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a. m.. 7th or each
month.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing data*.
TICKET OrPICIS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freisrht Office, 10 -Market St.
C. D. DUNAXV General Passenger Agent.
10 Market at., San Frandsco.
AMXSICABT IETE.
— Cherbonnr— Southampton.
New Tcric Feb. I*- Philadelphia Max. 4
St Louis Feb. 25fSt. Paul Mar. 11
i ATLASTIC TBASfSPOST XZ2TS.
Hew York — London Direct.
I Minnetonka. . . Fob. 18iMenomlnee Mar. 4
i Manitou ...... -F?b. 25- Minneapolis.... Mar. 11
Tf qt.t. a |fT>. a **vit.Tt* a ujj.
NEW YORK— ROTTERDAM, via BO V LOON*.
Sailing Wednesdays at. 10 A. M.-
1 Ryndam Mar. 1 Noordam Mar. 29
Rotterdam...... Mar. BiStatendam.'..;.3£ar. 29
KXX> STAB UXTE. .' ' '-
1 New — Antwerp — London Paris.
* • Calling at Dover. for London and ' Paris.
Finland '. . -Feb. IS, Kroonland Mar. 4
Vaderland Feb. . -'> Zetland.:. .....Mar. 11
.. WHITS STAS U2n!.
. Hew Yor* — Qne«nstown —
Majestic. Feb. 22. 10 am [Teutonic. Mar 8. 10 am
•Battle ... Mar. I. ■ - pm! Oceanic .Mar. 15. noon
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric ..ilar. lj Winifredian.. .Mar. 13
JTEW TOSX AITS BOSTON DZBXCT
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores, Gibraltar, Haples, Qtao*,
Alexandria. WffSm
. ~ FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLIC ..........Feb. 23, April 13
CRSTIC.V. ..Mar. 1?. April 39. June II
ROMANIC : July «
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC.-.-Feb. IS. April 1. May 13. June 24
ROMANIC. Mar. 11, April 22. -in« 8
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
Oeeai.ics.sxo. Isa -" °""
c"<s"~ ALAMEDA. .'or Honolulu. Feb. 11. 11 A.M.
S £ VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
lane! and Sydney, Tours.. Feb. 23. 2 P. M.
S. a MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Hen. 15, 11 A.M.
RLC&LS* BROi GDI, Aftl,nc*3t wbsq iv-
Ul . fisfciii QIC' 327 3tari3i st. Par 7,- Facil: .:.
XOSMOS LINE. SA3T TSASTCISCO.
Passenger Servlce-S. S. ••ASSUAN." WOO
tons Captain Paessler. sailing from San Fran-
cisco. Feb. 22. for Europe, via ports on west
coast of Mexico, Central and South Americ*.
FoVrates and accommodations apply LENDAL
M. GRAY. Manager. 329 Market st.
COKFASNIX BENSKAEX TRASSATLAMTiaraL
DIRECT. LINE TO HAVRE— Paris. _grfff|j
tailing ?v?ry Thursday Instead of SmHC
Batu'idav. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 12.
North River, foot of Morton it
First class to Havre. $70 and upward.. S«o-
ond class Is Havre. *« and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buildings
New York. J F. FUGAZI A CO. Pa=ino Coa.t
Aren's 3 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Tor S. »a*T Tax* and TaUejo.
Strs General FrUbie. Monticello anil Arrow.
945 a m 13:. 30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., tt p.m... 8:30
pro.; Sundays. 9:45 a.m.. 12:30 n00n.. 6 p.m..
SS& p. m Leave .Vall«jo. 1 a.m., 9 a.m.. 12:30
p.m.. 3:15 "■ <*5:4» P m ; Saturday i. > p.n».
Sundays. 7 a.m.. & a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. Pi«f
2. foot Mission st.: phone Mala 1508. HATCH
BROS. - I____^__
WEEKLY GALL, ?1.00 PER Y££s\.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECTIKLB »■ ; Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL, COMMUNICATIONS TO
SOWS McNAUGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE third AKD MARKET STREETS. saw FRANCISCO
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 9, 1905
THE warfare goes on in the House at Washington between vari
ous bills drawn to cover some phase of the railroad problem, as
it is presented by the President. Mr. Hearst is frantically striv
ing to keep in the glare of publicity by pasting his name on the
ideas of other men, and is just now tilting at John Sharp Williams,
the Democratic leader, and denying that he, as a Democrat, is
i hat the boys call "the true Peruvian doughnut." Through all
the confusion the vision of discernment can see an outcome as sat
isfactory to the country as it ought to be to the railroads.
Railroad law, providing a maze of regulation, of permissions
and prohibitions, has been built up during the last thirty years by
rule of thumb. Part of it is Federal legislation and part of it is by
the States. It is complex and confusing, often" contradictory and
frequently unreasonable. Its peculiar features are due to the fact
that, for the most part, it is in response to popular feeling against
some feature of transportation policy. To this feeling the politicians
have responded with excessive alacrity, until a codification of Ameri
can statutes on railroads would present a complex and various sys
tem which, if always obeyed by the corporations, would prove a
hindrance rather than a help 10 trade. All of this is not to be won
dered at. Legislation had for the purpose of punishment or revenge,
or enacted in the frenzy of passion, is always hectic and often in
effective.
It is evident that these features are appreciated by the President,
and therefore he desires to approach a reform from a different direc
tion entire!}'. He invites the railroads to co-operate in the simpli
fying of this mass of statutes. He evidently desires that legislation
•-hall <le?ert the turns and angles and the labyrinth heretofore its
characteristics, and that the matter shall be taken up as a business
concern of vast importance to the people and to the owners of rail
road property. He evidently desires that Federal railroad law shall
am, consistent and uninvolved, and that it shall affirm all rights
and inflict no wrongs.
It is equally evident that the railroad people, arguing from past
experience, believe that this cannot be done. Among their reasons
for this belief may be put the simian antics of Mr. Hearst, who is
<i<~>in£ more to hinder what he pretends to help than any other man in
:he United States. All business men fear any legislation on any
subject that impinges upon business, made in the destructive spirit
which he promotes.
The spirit of the President is entirely different. It is that of
an economic philosopher who is aware oi the necessity for legislation.
and proposes it free from passion and prejudice. Now, if Congress
proceed in that spirit, and enact a body of railroad and transporta
tion law, following the principles set forth in the clearest judicial
decisions, what is now confusion will become consistent, and what is
crooked and conflicting will be made Straight. If this be done, such
rm in the spirit and text of the law will satisfy the country
and should satisfy the railroads, as a substitute for the chaos of
statutes through which they flounder.
If ihe Federal Government set the example, the States will fol
low it in simpler laws regulating their domestic transportation, and
the law departments of railroad companies will soon appreciate the
nee between laws that are the fruit of prejudice and passion,
and those that are the result of business-like deliberation. If we
properly appreciate the situation, the most expert railroad talent in
' 1 co-operate in this endeavor to strengthen the law
by purging it of complexity. It is clearly their right to so co-operate,
man would ask them to sit in council with Mr. Hearst,
ice in the efficacy of personal abuse outlaws
the company of the jufil and reasonable." But they should
free consultation with reasonable men like the Presi-
It must be d that there are railroad men who are not in a
mind toward the President. Of these Mr. J. J.
Hill - • -f. and it is just as unfortunate that he should head' the
-ition to the President as that Mr. Hearst should, with
modi try to make the country believe that his spirit in
ctive legislation. If Hearst and Hill could be strung
over a clothesline like two rival tomcats to try it out with tooth and
claw, while the President and Congress go calmly about the great
- f composing a controversy that may soon become acute, the
tld be benefited.
The situation is now apt and favorable for a settlement. The
people will accept reasonable results at the hands of this Congress
or the next. If such results do not appear, the question will go to
the people and demagogues will appear with congested necks, shout
iag for the inflammatory and the impossible. The invitation of the
■o-operation is reasonable and right, and to disregard
it and fight him may set the storm signals riving from Hoosac tun
nel to the wharves of Astoria.
GALLANTRY, NOT JUSTICE.
HOW quickly is The Call justified in its contention that women
are too good to be hanged. Two unfortunate women who
killed their husbands and were condemned to the gallows by
hard-hearted juries are standing in its shadow. One of these is in
Vermont and the other in Pennsylvania. As their day of doom ap
proaches, there occurs one of the most remarkable and creditable out
bursts of mercy and gallantry the world has ever seen, demanding
that they be saved from the rope. We hope it will succeed. It is un
civilized to hang a woman. In Vermont the hard-fisted Yankee
Sheriff has served notice on the Governor that he will not be hang
man to a woman. His deputies also decline to do a legal duty, in the
performance of which the image of their mothers will rise in rebuke.
Sinful these women were, yes. But when the circumstances of
their training and treatment and of their station in life, to which
fate compelled them, are taken into consideration, who shall say
that part of their sin and weakness is not on the conscience of society
-elf? Let any sensitive eye traverse the rough path they trod to
the horrid moment of their crime, and note the points at which a
wise and helping hand that never came would have changed their
whole destiny. It is easily deniable that they should be held to
the same accountability as men. Men go wrong from choice ;
women from necessity.
In connection with this matter we beg most respectfully to ask
3 the Susan B. Anthony Club of San Francisco is in favor of hanging
hese two forlorn and uphappy women? Justice demands it, but
mercy and gallantry say no.
SO far have the efforts at making efficient the use of oil for roads
proceeded that the matter may be said to have passed the ex
perimental stage and attained practicality. In the recently
issued biennial report of State Commissioner of Highways Ellery
attention is given the progress made in the making of solid road
beds by oil application and suggestions offered for the perfection
of present methods.
Commissioner Ellery finds that oil used simply as the settler
of dust and applied to a road previously unprepared by foundations
produces no satisfactory results. If an oiled road is to be in any
measure satisfactory efficient rolling of the roadbed and provision
for the draining of water should be made previous to the applica
tion of the crude. Provided the oil used contains a sufficient
amount of asphalt, the gradual setting of this solid material in con
tact with the hard, drained surface of the roadbed will produce a
highway to all intents and purposes as perfect as a macadamized city
street. In the south great progress in the making of oiled roads
has already been made, and the Commissioner expresses it as his
opinion that throughout the whole State attention should be given
this practical method of good road-making.
RAILROAD LAW.
OILED ROADS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9. 1905.
THE GOLDEN CALF
THE girl had stood silently at
the window for some few min
utes watching the long slanting
lines of rain that came driving
down from the dun-colored
clouds in the sky, with every savage
gust of wind the dead leaves came
swirling down and the giant elms in
the street tossed their branches in
wild distress.
The strife of the storm without
seemed typical of the stormy combat
that was going on In her heart — a
warfare between her Inclinations and
the dictates of sane, calm Judgment.
The man sat quietly by the library
table, his keen eyes fixed steadfastly
on the girl and a grim expression,
half expectancy and half iron deter
mination, curving the corners of his
mouth.
The girl turned from the window,
and from her eyes he learned the con
flict was not yet brought to an issue.
She spoke slowly, with something like
appeal in her tones.
"Must you go to-morrow?" she
asked.
"To-morrow," he replied inexor
ably.
"And — and you want an answer be
fore you go?"
"An affirmative answer," he correct
ed smilingly.
"Don't go out there, Tom," she said
with a queer little quaver in her voice.
"I must," he said simply. "It's a
magnificent field. It offers everything
I want — money, power and position."
His eyes burned as he spoke, but they
softened as they rested on the girl's
face. "Think what it means," he fin
ished.
"You're sure you want all this — the
money and the power?" she asked.
"Absolutely certain," said he cheer
fully.
Blm turned to the window again
and watched the leaves driven hither
and thither in the wind; then she
faced the man at the table with a pa
thetic smile on her lips.
"Tom, I — I — can't," she said.
He sat quite still, as if the words
had stunned him. His eyes stared
blankly at her.
"You don't love me, Helen — is that
it?" he asked very slowly.
"It's not that," she confessed.
"Don't you < have faith in my ulti
mate success?" he asked.
THE WIPE SHOULD BE A CLINGING VINE
Even if She Marries a Scrub Oak of a Man Her Love Has a
Mission to Perform.
SOME college girls were talking
over Eugene Field's fable of
"The Oak and the Ivy," which is
published in his "Little Book of
Profitable Tales." Said one girl:
"The story means to me my ideal of
married happiness. A man should be
like the strung oak, the woman should
h<i like the clinging ivy."
"Oh, yes," commented the cynic of
the group, "only a girl doesn't often
meet such an oak as Eugene Field de
scribes, a king of the greenwood. Most
men. nowadays, are of the scrub-oak
variety."
The second speaker, of course, got
the applause. She had said a clever
thing. . Yet she had missed entirely
the point of Field's exquisite narrative.
Or, possibly, she had deliberately dis
regarded it for ihe sake of a fling back
at man, in retaliation for that ever
li.sting anecdote of his about Eve and
the apple.
To me the story of the ivy's devo
t:on to the oak typifies the love which
a good woman gives to the man whom
she marries, if he is worthy of her.
She looks up to him, she clings to his
strength for protection, she grows in
knowledge of the world by listening
to his ambitions and to what he tells
her of the wider life that she, safe in
the sheltering haven of the home he
gives her, cannot know. And thus, as
years pass by, she becomes a part of
him. In wind and rain and sunshine
the two are one, because each is neces
sary to the other.
MORMON SATIRE ON CHRISTIANITY
A remarkable article on the Mormon
endowment ceremony in the World To-
Day for February contains passages
showing how the secret rites of the
Latter-Day Saints satirize Christianity.
For example, in a dialc-gue between
Adam and the Devil the latter has
many flings at the gentiles. Adam has
been calling on the, name of the Lord
and the Devil answers him.
Dcvil — I hear you. What is it you
want?
Adam — Who are you?
Dcvil — I am the God of this world.
Adam — Who made you the God of
this world?
Devil— l made myself. What is it
ytru want?
Adam — I was calling on father.
Dcvil — Oh, I see you want religion.
I'll have some preachers down here
presently. (Enter preacher.)
Parson (looking around) — You have a
fine congregation here.
Dcvil — Oh, you are a preacher.
Parson — Yes.
FIRST SOUTH AFRICAN DIAMOND
From Kimberley comes news of the
death of John O'Reilly, whose name
is prominently associated with the
discovery of the first diamond in the
area now worked by the De Beers cor
poration. It was in 1867 that Mr.
O'Reilly came Into possession of a
"beautiful pebble" picked up by the
little son of a Dutch fanner while
playing near Hopetown, on the banks
of the Orange River. The child took
It home with a handful of other peb
bles, and the extreme brilliancy of
the stone attracted the attention of
LEONARD FRANK ADAMS
"All the faith In the world," she de
clared.
"Then tell me, Helen, what makes
you hesitate?" said he.
"I don't know just what it is, but
something makes me afraid of you,"
she replied. "I think it's because I
"You're sure you want all this?"
she asked.
know you'll have money and power
and all that goes with it. I'm afraid
I shall become just a side issue in
your life."
"Never!" he maintained stoutly.
She held out her hand deprecatingly.
"I've watched you rise," she went
on; "I've watched you cljmb up. vp — al
ways up. But you are never satisfied.
DOROTHY FENIMORE
Then great trouble comes. The
stormwinds blow about them in over
I Devil— Ever been to college and stud
ied the dead languages?
Parson — Why, certainly. No man can
preach the gospel unless he has been to
college and studied the dead languages.
Devil— lf you will preach to this con
gregation, and convert them, mind you,
I will give you, let me see, four thou
sand a year.
Parson— That is very little, but I will
do the best I can. (To congregation:)
We will sing on page 256. "When I Can
Read My Title Clear." (All sing.)
Parson (to Adam) — Do you believe in
that great spirit who dwells beyond the
bounds of time and space and sits on
the top of a topless throne, who is so
great that he fills the universe, yet is
so small that he can dwell in your
heart, whose center is everywhere and
circumference nowhere?
Adam— l don't believe a word of it.
Parson— l am sorry for you. But per
haps you believe in hell, that great bot
tomless pit which is full of fire and
brimstone, into which the wicked are
his mother, who drew a neighbor's
attention to its sparkling qualities.
The neighbor, another farmer,
showed the gem to Mr. O'Reilly, who
at that time was a traveling trader,
and he, shrewdly suspecting its real
character, undertook to get it valued.
Several people in various parts of
Cape Colony to whom he showed the
stone ridiculed the notion that it had
any extraordinary value. Finally
Lorenzo Boyes, the Civil Commis
sioner of Colesburg, pronounced it to
be a diamond, and his opinion was
You are bound to go on and on and on.
You speak of money; you have an
amount now that many a man would
envy. You talk of power; It Is yours
here. And yet it isn't enough. You
must go to other fields with greater
opportunities. Tom, dear, it's hard to
say, and yet I must; you bow down to
the golden calf and you always will. In
the years to come you would think
more and more of your ambitions, and
correspondingly less of me. That la
why I say I can't marry you."
She sat down opposite him and rest
ed her head on her hand. He rose quiet
ly and came round to her side of the
table. He stood beside her, his big
hand resting very gently on' her brown
head.
"Did you ever stop to think why I
fought so hard to rise?" he said.
She shook her head.
"It was because of you," said he.
"Every ambition, every motive I owe to
you. If I conquered the world and laid
It at your feet I should still feel un
worthy of you."
He stood silently looking down at her.
The wind whistled shrilly and the rain
beat sharply against the window panes.
She felt the hand on her head tremble.
"Helen, do you love me as I am?" he
asked.
"Yes," she said.
"Would you love me if I were penni
less?"
She looked up at him- with a smile
that transformed her face.
"How I sfenild love you then!" she
said simply.
He caught one of her hands in his
and fell to laughing softly.
"My ambitions are really of your mak
ing. Do with them as you will," said
he.
"You mean you won't go out there?"
she asked.
"I mean I have ceased to worship the
golden calf you mentioned." said he.
"No man can serve two masters, and I
think I make a wise choice in serving
you," he laughed.
He bent over her and saw there were
tears in her eyes.
"What on earth are you crying for,
Helen?" he asked.
"Well, I have a sneaking sympathy
for the golden calf," she said, smiling
happily through her tears.
(Copyright, 1905, by T. C. McClure.)
whelming fury. The great oaks maj
esty is riven. In agony of pain and
broken pride he cries: "I> cannot
live!"
Now comes the sweetness of the
story. What went, before is common
place beside it. From this point on j
we have revealed to us the beauty of
the ivy, which as I- said before, is like ;
the- beauty of a good wife's love. The j
ivy nursed the oak back into strength j
and hope. She bound his wounds up
first, Ad then she comforted him by
telling him the simple, humble things
which she had learned by living close j
to earth; but she told them to him in j
the language of his own ambitions, j
that he had taught her. And she j
ccvered up his scars and shielded him
with the strength of her beauty: and
straight he stood and looked toward
God; and no one passing by would j
ever guess that once his kingly heart
was riven.
Suppose a woman marries a scrub
oak of a man. Why should the story
be very different? Probably she is not
a vine that could grow to the height of
a king of the greenwood. Nature, if
left to herself, arranges these things
suitably. Anyhow, her wifely love has
Its mission. She, too, should listen to
her lord's ambitions, and learn from
them — should cling to him — for at her
best she is only a yine — should give
him dear companionship in return for
his protection; and she must grow to
his height whatever it is, and whatever
vitality she has left over she can best
use in making the beauty of her life a
glory added to his own.
cast and where they are ever burning
and never consumed?
Adam — No, I don't and I am sorry
for you.
(Voices speaking above.)
Elohim (to Jehovah) — Adam seems to
be true and faithful. Let us send down
to him Peter, James and John.
Jehovah — That is good.
Elohim — Go down to Adam, who
seems a good and faithful man. (Enter
Peter, James and John by stairway at
rear of room.)
Peter— Hullo! What is going on down
here?
Dcvil — We are making religion.
Peter — What are you making it
out of?
Dcvil — Newspapers, novels and no
tions of men and women, sugared over
with a little scripture.
Peter— How does it take with this
congregation?
Devil— Pretty well, all except that
man Adam. He don't believe any
thing.
subsequently confirmed by Dr. W. G.
Atherstone of Grahamstown. the lead
ing colonial mineralogist of the day.
Such is the story which credits Mr.
O'Reilly with being the discoverer of
the first South African diamond.
Strangely enough, he continued to fol
low his calling of trader — he died at
died at his store near Taungs —
whereas he might, had he so chosen,
have exploited far more of the spark
ling gems that have made Cape Col
ony prosperous and enriched individ
uals beyond the dreams of avarice
Westminster Gazette.
THE SMART SET
SALLY SHARP
St. Valentine is beginning to exert
his prowess, tingeing all coming affairs
with his touch of magic and senti
ment.
Teas and luncheons will sound his
praise through the coming week, and
even those more dignified than the
mirthful debutante do not hesitate to
cater to the patron saint of lovers and
sweethearts.
The rumor goes that our stately
Sequoia will bend to the subtle craft
of his Saintship at the next convening.
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. K. Nut tall enter
tained at dinner last evening in honor
of Mrs. Agustus Spreckels.
Miss Helen Wagner was the guest of
honor at a luncheon given by Miss
Helen de Young and Miss Constance
de Young on Tuesday.
Mrs. Philip Mills Jones will enter
tain this evening at her home on Jones
street, in honor of Mrs. Josephine Gro
of New York.
Miss Laura Farnsworth is preparing
to entertain at bridge within the next
few days.
A goodly number of the season's
maids were merrily entertained Tues
day afternoon by Miss Helene Robson.
The home of Mrs. Buckley, grandmoth
er of the hostess, on Lombard street,
was a scene of pleasure and bright
ness. Bridge and five hundred divided
the attention of the following guests:
Miss Ursula Stone. Miss Jessie Fill
more, Miss Edna Middleton, Miss Edith
Cutler, Miss Alice Treanor, Miss Helen
Davis, Miss Maylita Pease, Miss Flor
ence Cole, Miss Elizabeth Cole.
Amy Gunn, Miss Violet Buckley. Miss
Ethel Wallace, Miss Gertrude Jolliffe
and Miss Norma Castle.
Mrs. A. B. Tourtellot was "at home"
on Tuesday afternoon in honor of Mrs.
Josephine Gro of New York. Mrs. Tour
tellot's home on Union street, flllad
with sweet-scented acacia and violet?,
presented an unusually attractive ap
pearance, for a rare collection of Chi
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
STEEL ENGRAVING — W. S. D..
City. The records of steel engraving
do not show when the first steel en
graving was produced In the United
States, but it must have been a new
art in 1819, for in that year Perkins
& Heath of Philadelphia. Pa., intro
duced fine line steel engraving in
London, England.
SWIFTEST VESSEL — C, Oakland.
Cal. The question •'what vessel is the
swiftest in the world?" has been sub
mitted to a number of individuals
who have taken a deep interest in
vessels for many years, and in each
case the answer has been "I should
not like to say. for some one else
would name some other."
PERSPIRE AND TRANSPIRE — H.
X.. City. The dictionary definition of
perspire is: "To evacuate the fluids
of the body through the exeretories of
the skin,." and as to transpire the def
inition is "To emit through the excre
t'»ries of the skin; to send off in vapor;
to pass off in insensible perspiration."
The use of either word to designate
sweating ta proper, but perspire is the
most common.
TRAINING SCHOOL — NAVAL,
ACADEMY — C. D., City. For infor
SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE.
GOOD REASON.
Scribbler — Why are your hands al
ways in your pockets?
Dauber— Well, you see, there's noth
ing else in them.
HE NEEDED SAXD.
Carrye— Charley has been coming to
see me for three years and has never
proposed. What do you think would
be proper for me to give him for his
birthday?
Her Mother—A box of sand
nese and Japanese curios is a constant
source of interest anri observation.
Those asked to meet Mrs. Gro were
Mrs. Jules Mersfel.hr. Mr* Tta<
Bonnet. Mrs. W, B. Wright. Mn J. K.
Hoagg. Mrs. Philip Mil
Hull McClaughry. Mrs. M
Mrs. McA-iams. Miss Gertrude I
Miss Wells and Miss Gladding.
Mrs. Ryland Wallace entertain- •
terday at bridge, the affair being in
honor of Mrs. Reginald Brooke.
Mrs. Emile Bruguiere and Mrs. Pedar
Bruguiere will be hostesses at a largw
tea in the near future.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Jefferson J-
New York, who are visitors co 3an
Francisco, were recently entertained by
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Render at their
home. 1602 Washington street. Mr. Jef
ferson is a son of the famous actor,
while Mrs. Jefferson, known profession
ally as Blanche Bender, is a gran
of the hostess. Another gue?t
Philip Bender of New York. J
Jefferson Sr. Is spending the winter at
his residence at Palm Beach
Preparations are rapidly pu»hi^
ward an end for the •vaudeville stunt*"
to be given by society Mi at t
hambra on February 13. Th-s :
are withheld, but abundant surpr
in store for the auditors, who will i •*
greatly entertained by a clever pro
gramme. The endowment fund of the
Children's Hospital, the beneri
will profit materially.
The women of the local Rel I
Society are preparing a programme in
aid of the Japanese Red Cv^f 0*
The event, to take place at the Alham
hra Theater February I*. is to be of an
interesting nature, introducing uniqu-;
Japanese numbers — sword dances, an
cient fencing by youths. mu»i
samlsen and other national instruments
and two acts of a drama of old Japan.
Mrs. John F. Merrill, president of th
local Red Cross Society, will be one of
the patronesses among several other
society women.
mati'>n relative to admission to the
Naval Training School on Goat
Island address a communication to
the commandant and a circular of In
formation will be sent to you.
information for admission to th ■
val Academy at Annapolis address ■
letter to the Congressman of the dis
trict in which you live.
SUCCESSION— A. C. R., City. The
reason that the Secretary of Ajr
ture and the Secretary of Com men •»
and Labor are not included In the list
of possible successors in the Presiden
tial line is that In IMft when the law
creating Presidential succession passed.
these officers were not members of th**
Cabinet. An effort will be made la
have them added to the list. The Sec
retary of Agriculture did not become a
member of the Cabinet until 1889 an<)
the Secretary of Commerce and Labor
did not become a member of that body
until 1903.
Towr.send's Cala. (ilace Fruits, !n ar
tistic fire-etched boxes. 10 Kearny mt. •
Townsend'B California Olace frutta la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st '
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th-»
Press Clipph>K Bureau (Allen at. 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042 *
FOOLED THE DOCTOR.
Powders— Old Miserly cheated h *
doctor.
Pills— How ?
Powders — The doctor said that he
wouldn # t charge him anything if he
didn't curs him, and Miserly died.
HIS REFTGE.
Philosoph— Ah! we ar« growing hard
er all the time. We have no cities of
refuge now for the oppressed.
He npeck— What's the matter wttfc the
•jßlaflHONORA SHARP WILLS
FORTUNE TO CHARITY
NO RELATIVES TO GET BOUNTY
Husband's Memorij Impels Bequest
Of $200,000 to Park Commissioners
To Adolph B. Spreckels and K. U. Lloyd. Park Commissioners,
without understanding as to its use, $200,000,
To the King's Daughters' Home for Incurables, $25,000.
To Ui e Salvation Army for relief of the poor and aged of San
I'YanciMX), $25,000.
To the San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals. $25,000.
Mrs. Honora Sharp, rge 60 years, died
yesterday morning at the Hotel Savoy.
Her will was filed for probate yester
day afternoon by Samuel G. Murphy,
president of the First National Bank.
who applied for special letters of ad
ministration upon the • ate.
What might appear to be an unseem
ly haste in coming to the probate court ,
1-efore the last rites were said over the
dead finds full excuse in the statement
that there is not kith nor kin to pro
vide for the funeral of a woman who
leaves nearly all 'a large fortune for
public good and deserving charities.
In the words of her friend, whom she i
named as her executor, Mrs. Sharp's j
will puts to shame the memory of j
those who have died richer than she." ;
£he was the v widow of George F. Sharp, |
well known as an attorney in San j
Francisco before his death, many years
ago. He was the owner of realty which ■
appreciated in value when Golden Gate j
Park was opened, and he participated |
in the dedication of the public pleasure '
ground. This incident in her husband's
acquirement of fortune and her later j
pleasures in the delights of the park i
impelled the woman to do something]
to perpetuate his memory in a manner
that would enhance the park's attrac
tiveness, and rather than be balked by
a possible misconstruction of the laws
relating to charitable bequests she in- !
trusts the bulk of her fortune to two
of the Park Commissioners, Lloyd and ■
Epreckels. to use as they please. In ad- i
dition to $200,000 given to them, she I
leaves {25,000 each to the Salvation |
Army, the King's Daughters' Home
end the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. Brute and man,
outcasts though they be, must feel her
beneficence for a long time to come.
Besides the charities mentioned there
are bequests of $25,000 for Margaret To-
Jetti and $3000 for Charles Gildea. The
residue of the estate goes to Samuel G.
Murphy.
Mr. Murphy was well acquainted with
Mrs. Sharp, chiefly in a business way,
though she never kept a bank account.
A few years ago she married Judge "W.
L. Pierce, a lawyer, but wa- later di
vorced from him. He is not mentioned
in the extraordinary will, which ap
pears in full as follows:
THE WILL.
I. Honor* Sharp, widow of the* late G>orge
F" Sharp of the City an<i County of San Fran
cisco State of California, <So mak«, publish
sn<3 dfclare th!» to be my lart will ard testa
ment In BBBBCT and form following:
First — I r.omlr.ate and appoint my friend
Sair.utl G. Murphy sole executor of this will.
to servo without giving: bonds or ether security
for th* r-erfonnsnee of any duty or trust
hereunxJer.
Second— l hs.ve no ne*r relative* nor any to
whom I desire to give any part of my estate.
My late husband. George V. Sharp, now c>
cea*»l. haxir.g derived profit from the dedica
tion end opening of Golden Gate Park, in said
GRAPE-XCTS.
IN CALIFORNIA
They Use I mil and Grape-Xuts.
Out at Los Angreles, CaL, they have
ptople who give some attention to
food as a sure way out of sickness.
A lady says: "Husband has been a
sufferer from dyspepsia and bllious-
tu-ss together with indigestion for a
£reat many years. He kept getting
worse in spite of all the medicine he
look- '
"We did not know what to do, for
he was steadfly running down, and
whether he ate meat, bread, eggs or
B nything of that sort, he kept losing
ilesh, until he got down' to a skeleton
jtnd, of course, was ■ physical wreck.
"One day a friend advised .him to
«;ult his regular breakfast entirely and
use only Grajje-Nuts and cream to-
gether with a little fruit.
•'He took the advice and began to
prow better at once. It was only a
short time when he began to fatten up
«nd grow stronger. Now he is the
picture of health and his old troubles
have disappeared.
"We give Grape-Nuts to our baby
boy. He is very fond of the food and
is healthy and strong. We think he is
the happiest year-old baby In Califor-
nia!" Name given by Post', m. Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
Look in each pkg. for the famous
little book, "The Road to Wellvill*."
WEALTH T WOMAN WHO DIED
YESTERDAY LEAVING NEARLY I
■-■ Ki.R CHARITABLE USES. ] I
city and county, and I, during my later years,
having obtained much enjoyment out of said
park. It was my desire te erect some suitable
memorial to my said late husband In said
park; for that purpose I intended to donate
a lanre portion of my fortune (all of which
was inherited by me from my said late hus
band), towards erecting a memorial pate at
the entrance to what is known as the par.
handle of the Dark to commemorate his
memory: but there being some doubt as to
whether or not a donation for that purpose
would or would not be considered a charity,
or an unlawful trust, and be set aside, at th»
instigation .'. some one claiming heirshlp to
me, to whom 1 had left nothing, and to whom
I desired to leave nothing — have therefore
abandoned that idea; and do now devise and
bequeath to Adolph B. Sprockets and R. H.
Lloyd, two of the Park Commissioners of the
City and County of San Francisco, the sum
or two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000).
This is an absolute bequest ■to them, without
any trust cr understanding either express or
Implied as to Its use or appropriation or other
wise.
Third — I devise and bequeath to the King's
Diuphtprs' Home for Incurables, now located 1
at 317 Francisco street, San Francisco, fifty
thousand dollars.
Fourth — rive, devise end bequeath to the
Sal ion Army, now located at No. 127-1
Mission street. San Francisco, twenty-five
thousand dollars, to be used for the relief of
th* poor and aged of San Francisco.
Fifth — I give, devise and bequeath to Mar
garet Tojetti twenty-five thousand dollars.
Sixth — I give, devise and bequeath to
Charles Gildea five thousand dollars.
Seventh— My executor shall pay out of my
estate all collateral inheritance taxes or other
Utxea levied or assessed against or made a
charge upon or against any devise or bequest
herein contained; excepting* the residuary de
vice; so that the devices and legatees shall
receive their legacies and bequests In full.
nighth— ln case any bequest or devise la
this will hereinbefore specified shall fail or
be declared inoperative or void for any cause,
then he amount of such devise or bequest
shall go to and be a part of the residue of
my estate and shall go to and bo the property
of my residuary legatee, hereinafter named.
Ninth — All the rest, residue and remainder
of my estate, be It real, personal or mixed,
and wheresoever situate, and all illegal or In
operative bequest* or devisees, I give, devise
'. and bequeath to my said executor, Samuel G.
I Murphy. . .
I Tenth — I direct ray remains be burled In my
plat In Holy Cross Cemetery. San Mateo Coun
ty, California.
In witness whereof I have hereto set my
hand and seal at the city and county of Ban
' Francisco, this 4th day of January, ! A. D.
. (Signed) HONORA SHARP.
' Witness: Chas. C. 'Wadsworth. Mary Fitz
gibbon. ' - (Seal)
The foregoing will was, In our presence, on
the day it bears date, signed and sealed by the
! therein named testatrix, Honora Sharp; who
i then and there, in our presence and In the
' presence of each of us, published and declared
! the same to us to be her last will and testa
i rr.<"vt- and ire then and there. In her presence,
' and In the presence of each other, and at her
I request. Figned our names thereto, and hereto,
i as subscribing witnesses: and we further de-
I clare that at the time the said testatrix ap
peared to be of sound mind and acting of her
own volition. WAr>SWORTH .
CHAB. C. "vTADSWORTH.
1104 Van Ness avenues Sa-n Francisco, Cal.
MART FTTZGIBBON, -
1523 Geary street. San Francisco, Cal.
*.*'i - CODICIL.
I, Honora Sharp, the testatrix in the fore
going will, of date the 4th day of January
A I). Ml, do now hereby change the said will
in this respect, viz. : In and by the third sub
division of said will I devised and bequeathed
I to the King's Daughters' Home for Incurables
> fifty thousand dollars. I now cancel and re
i yoke said devimt and bequest, and In place and
I stead thereof I give to the eald the King's
j Daughters' Home for Incurables twenty-five
i thousand dollars. I give to the San Fran
' cisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty |to
' Animals twenty-five thousand dollars. In all
i other respects I affirm and republlsh the said
will ard declare It with this codicil to be my
i last will. •
Witness my band and seal at San Francisco
! thl* twenty-first flay <' January. A. D. 1905.
: HONORA SHARP (Seal).
■vntn»es:
MRS. ADELIA HESTHAL. Hotel Savoy,
j San Francisco.
JOSIE J. CRONIN, Hotel- Savoy, San Fran
cisco, Cal.
- CODICIL TO MT LAST WILL. ...
I Honors Sharp, made my last will dated
' January 4. A. D. 1005, and subsequently made
! a eodicll thereto. In and by said will I made
c G. Murphy executor thereof. Since then I
I thought it would be well to name some one
1 to take his place In case of his death . or '. In
i ability to act. Now, therefore. In case of the
death absence, declination or Inability of the
said S O. Murphy., then, to net In his. place
and ftead I nominate and appoint E. B. Pond
of the city and * county of San Francisco ex-
I ecutor of said will, to serve without riving
bonds or other security for the performance
of any duty or trust as such executor. :In
I all other restart? , I affirm and republlsh said
codicil and- will as my last will and testa
1 „.»„, t. «iicui wh«iw«S T li«v« >.•-.»., _ *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 9. 1905.
FUGITIVES MAY
BE EXTRADITED
Government Wins Point in
the Gaynor-Greene Case
in British Privy Council
KEAKKESTS TO FOLLOW
Efforts to Be Kenewed to
Bring 3len From Canada to
Stand Trial in Georgia
LONDON, Feb. B.— The Privy Council
rendered its decision this morning in
the Greene-Gaynor case in favor of the
American Government. The Council
reversed the two judgments of Justice
Caron of Quebec, rendered on August
13, 1902, and ordered the respondents to
pay the costs of the appeal. The Coun
cil's decision caustically criticizes the
action of Justice Caron in releasing
Breene and Gay nor.
The decision leaves Greene and Gay
nor under remand as before Justice
(jaron intervened.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B.— Although
sufficient detail is not before the law
officers here to warrant a final opinion
■as to the effect-of the Privy Council's
decision in the Gaynor-Greene case, the
present understanding is that it will
result in the immediate rearrest of
Gaynor and Greene, who are now at
large in Quebec under surveillance of
Washington secret service officers.
If the renewed application for extra
dition is granted the men will be taken
to Atlanta, Ga., for trial on charges
growing out of the misappropriation of
Government money in connection with
the river and harbor works on the
Georgia coast under the administration
of Captain Oberlin M. Carter.
The officials feel that their hands
have been much strengthened in deal
ing with extradition cases between the
United States and Canada by this pai
ticular decision, indicating, as it does,
a disposition* on the part of the British
authorities to waive trifling technicali
ties and resolve any doubts in favor of
the spirit of the extradition treaty
rather than its letter.
MONTREAL, Feb. B.— Donald Master,
K. C. counsel for the United States in
the Gaynor-Greene case, refused to
discuss the next steps to be taken.
Judge La Fontaine. Extradition Com
missioner, before whom the case was
being heard on Its merits at the time
of the habeas corpus proceedings, said
to-day:
Unless something unforeseen occurs, the
Sheriff of Quebec will now have to deliver the
prisoners to Governor Vallee at the Montreal
Jail and they will then be brought before me
and the regular trial, halted by the writ of ha
beas corpus, will be recommenced. I sha'.l
then upon the evidence submitted decide
whether or not there are sufficient grouns for
extraditing the accused.
John F. Gaynor and Beniamin E.
Greene were indicted in Savannah,
Ga.. December 8, 1899, charged with
embezzlement and defrauding the
United States Government, t jj ther
with Captain Oberlin M. Carter, in the
performance of Government contracts
for the improvement of the Savannah
River and other river and harbor work
in that district, the illicit profits being
estimated at $2,000,000.
Gaynor and Greene were arrested in
New York. 3*hey contested extradition
to Georgia, and when the United States
Commissioner decided that they must
go to that State and plead to the in
dictments they fled to Canada. They
had been at liberty on $40,000 bail each,
and this was forfeited. Efforts to ex
tradite Gaynor and Greene from Mont
real were progressing favorably when
Gaynor and Greene went back to Que
bec. A question arose as to whether
they could be brought back, and detec
tives kidnaped them and took them to '
Montreal.
There was a big legal fight over this
action and a Quebec Judge issued a
writ of habeas corpus which was
served on the jailer at Montreal, who
delivered up the prisoners without au
thority -from the extradition tribunal
and permitted them to be rushed back
to Quebec.
Efforts to quash the writ of habeas
corpus under which ..hey had been re
turned were denied by Justice Caron.
After a long legal controversy Gaynor
and Greene obtained their liberty
within the. limits of the province of
Quebec. The United States Govern
ment then appealed to the Privy Coun
cil of England, the highest court in
that country.
Art L/eeturo With Pictures.
To-night, Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art. Galleries open at 7. Lecture on
"Beginning of Art" at 8. Admission 25c*
J. B. Garland Dies.
J. B. Garland, for twenty years
owner and publisher of the "Wholesal
ers' and Retailers' Review, died at his
home, 725 Castro street, last night. He
had been ill for six weeks. Mr. Gar
land was formerly a well known rail
road ticket agent and was widely ac- ,
quainted throughout the "West. His ;
widow survives him.
Over and Over AjraJn W> Tell You
L<es!le Steriliied Salt is a grand product. Free
running for table. Velvet grain for kitchen.
Xo typhoid germs. No contamination. •
my hand and seal, this 24th day of January, ,
A. D. 1905. HONORA SHARP
Witness: Mrs. Adelia Hesthal. Hotel Savoy;
Marie A. Ross, 1157 Octavia street. San Fran
cisco. (Seal)
BENEFICIARIES GRATEFUL.
When told by a representative of
The Call regarding Mrs. Sharp's be
quest to the Salvation Army, Colonel
George French^ the head of the or
ganization in San Francisco, was sur
prised. He expressed deep sorrow at
the death of Mrs. Sharp though he
had no recollection of ever having seen
the charitable woman. The colonel
said that such news as a gift of $25,000
to the Salvation Array for the purpose
of relieving the poor of the city came
as an offset, to some bitter disappoint
ments he had met with throughout the
day.
Mrs. Richard Brown, the financial
secretary of the King's Daughters'
Home, Sl7 Francisco street, also ex
pressed sincere regret at the news of
the death of Mrs. Sharp. Mrs. Brown
had only met Mrs. Sharp once and
then it was as far baok as five years
apro. The bequest to the institution of
$25,000 was a great surprise to Mrs. I
Brown. The King's Daughters' Home
is devoted to caring for incurable
patients who are rejected at the hos
pitals. There are sixty-five sufferers
In the home at the present time.
Cleanse and renovate the vital fluid (or
blood) and healthfully stimulate every
bodily function with Lash's Bitters. •
FRENCH CRIMINAL DEPORTED—
Charles Budle, Marie Gaudens, Charlotte Oau
dens and Emily Qalllard started for New York
vtsteroay In charge of United States Immi
grant Inspector D. J. Griffiths, United States
Watchman Nobitt and Mrs. Nobitt. Budie
will be held at New York City for trial on a
charge of Importing the women for an im
moral purpose.
Ask for I»g Cabin bread at grocers and
kratirh toaJtarUo. Whalaaala. 800 Dolores at. •
COMMISSIONERS ANNOUNCE
CALIFORNIA WINNERS.
SEVEN HUNDRED PRIZES
State and Counties Reap Crop
Of Glory From St. Louis Show
The California commissioners to the i
St. Louis Exposition yesterday issued
the first complete list of awards made
to California at St. Louis. The list fills
a pamphltt of many pages. Thirty-six I
grand prizes were awarded to Califor- |
nia by the international juries. There !
were 196 gold medals, 271 silver medals
and 199 bronze medals, or 702 prizes in |
total.
The State of California for collective
exhibits took grand prizes in the de- i
panaient of agriculture for canned \
fruits in tins and glasses, vegetables in I
process, collective exhibit of wines and
brandies, dried fruits and raisins and
for general installation of exhibit. In j
the forestry department for aggregate j
forestry exhibit, in the department of j
mining for gold and quartz milling, in :
the department of horticulture for ex- '
hibit of beneficial parasites and for col
lective exhibit of fruit and in the de
partment of education for general ex
hibit, elementary and secondary edu
cation. The University of California ,
took grand prizes for its collective edu- j
cational exhibit, its exhibit in metal- |
lurgical laboratory and its astronomical
exhibit.
Other grand prizes were awarded the
Long Syrup Refining Company, W. S.
Keyes & Co., Paul Masson Champagne
Company of San Jose, Dresel & Co. of !
Sonoma, Alameda and Contra Costa ]
counties for processed vegetables, j
Roeding Fig Packing Company of Fres- j
no. Stockton Chamber of Commerce for {
reclaimed lands and irrigation, the Los 1
Angeles Chamber of Commerce for
olive oil, the Los Angeles World's Fair
commission for preserved vegetables;
Bishop & Co. of Los Angeles for pre
served fruits, etc.; Cawston's ostrich
farm of Pasadena for ostrich feathers; I
Los Angeles, Fresno, Alameda and
Contra Costa counties and the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association
for installation of exhibits in the de
partment of agriculture; Riverside
County for irrigation exhibit, Los An
geles County for exhibit of fruit,
Southern California Fruit Exchange of
Los Angeles and the Los Angeles Coun
ty World's Fair commission for exhib
its of fruits, and C. P. Bailey & Sons'
Company of San Jose four grand
prizes for live stock.
GOLD MEDALS ARE MANY.
The gold medals in the department
of agriculture that were won for Cali
fornia included two that went to the
State for comb and extracted honey
and collecive exhibit of soils. Other gold
medals went to the Alameda County
commissioners for vegetables in pro
cess, the University of California for
exhibit of seeds, the Santa Clara Fruit
Exchange for prunes, Santa Clara
County for collective exhibit of dried
fruits, the Co-operative Association of
Fresno for raisins, Fresno County for
raisins, the Stockton Chamber of Com
merce for vegetables and beans and j
seeds, San Diego County for raw silk
and cocoons and collective exhibit of
dried fruits and rye, Orange County
World's Fair commission for vegeta
bles; Ventura County for beans, etc.;
the Santa Barbara County commission
for mustard seed, the Sacramento Val
ley Vegetable Growers for vegetables,
the Sacramento Valley Development
Association for hops, the Sacramento
County Bean Growers' Association for
beans, the Woodland Slltana Raisin
Growers for dried fruits and Orange
County for installation.
Gold medals also went to the follow
ing firms and individuals in the depart
ment of agriculture:
J. K. Armaby Company, Griffin & Skelly
Company, Chauche & Bon. A. Flnke's widow,
Our.lla.ch-Bundschu Company, Italian Swiss
Colony, Mount Diablo Vineyard Company.
Napa'and Sonoma Wine Company, A. Refold
& Co., AVetmore-Bowen Company. P. C. Rofsl,
the Rosenblatt Company, Theodore Gier Com
pany. Dr. H. N. Cross of Livermore, Barton
Eatate of Fresno, H. Jevne of Los Angeles,
Sierra Madre Vintage Comrr.ny, the Southern
California Wine Company, California Winery-
These all for wine and brandies, with the ex
ception of the three firms first named, which
were winners for dried and canned fruits.
Pure Water Company of Berkeley, Hunt
Brothers of Haywards Pacific Vinegar and
Pickle Works. E. A. Wright of Oakland (two
medals). Pleauanton Hop Company, J. M. Doty
of Livermore, August Hageman of Livermore.
F J. Lea & Co. of Oakland, George Frank
& Co., J. H. Fllcktnger Company,, Sorosis Fruit
Company of Saratoga, L. H. Wakefleld of |
Saratoga. Mrs. Sarah S. Cutler of Ban Jose.
C C Morse Seed Company of Santa Clara, A.
V. Stuart of San Jose, C. P. Bailey & Son*'
Company of San Jose, Andrew Larson and
N'areg A Sanders of Layton, F. H. Busby of
Concord, Petaluma Incubator Company, Fresno
Home Packing Company, Mlnnewawa Home
Packing Company of Fresno. Roedtng OH Com
pany ?>f Freeno, Los Alamltos Sugar Company
(two medale). Coreica Citron Company. George
Williams, California Cream of Lemon Com
pany, Lemola S"ap Company, F. W. Braun &
Co.. James Hill & Sons, J. V. Mills, E. C.
Ortega (all of Los Angeles). Boatonla Fruit
Growers and Packers' Association, Citrus
Products Company of National City. Ackerman
& Tuffey and C. M. Gifford of San Diego.
Thomas Nicholson of El Modina, .Tames Irvine
of Tuetln. Golden West Celery Company and
Ed Ut of Tustln, OJai Olive Company, Ellwood
Cooper. J. M. Howell of Henley vllle, J. H.
Glide of Sacramento, John Heaney of Gridley,
Lovedale Brothers Company of Sacramento,
Blrdsall Olive Company of Auburn, Aldeu An
derson, Ehmann Olive Company of Orovllle
(two medalß), John C. Gray of Orovllle, Ek
man & Stow of Orovllte, Stlce & Gardner of
Red Bluff, Shasta Mineral Water Company,
Central California Canners' Company, Durst
Brothers of Wheatland. Charles F. Wyer of
Fresno Charles L. Wilson of Loa Angeles, J.
E. Mayo and O. Harder of Sacramento.
PHIZES FOR HORTTCn/TURE.
In the department of horticulture ;
gold medals go to Santa Cruz, San Joa- i
quin, Yolo, Alameda, Contra Costa, I
Fresno, Placer, Sacramento, San Ber- ;
nardino, San Diego and Santa Barbara i
counties; to the Antelope Valley Pro- !
ducers, Azusa Foothill Association, j
California Citrus Union, Cucamonga !
Citrus Fruit Growers' Association, Da- j
visville Almond Growers' Association, ,
Orange County World's Fair commis
sion, Pasadena Orange Growers' Asso
ciation, Sacramento Valley Develop
ment Association, San Bernardino |
Orange Growers, Stewart's Citrus Fruit
Association, Sacramento County
World's Fair commission, the Southern
California Walnut Growers' Associa
tion, the Mountain View Orange and
Lemon Association, the Stockton State
Hospital. W. L. Detrlck of JuMan,
George C. Roeding of Fresno, the Fan
cher Creek Nurseries of Fresno, C. W.
Leffingwell of Whittier and P. W.
Morse & Co. of Watsonville.
The city and county of San Francisco
won sold medals for its elementary
and secondary educational exhibits.
For itß exhibit of professional work the
State Normal School in San Francisco
ha* a gold medal. Robert Furlong and
Thomas J. Kirk also have gold medals
for their work. In the educational de
partment other gold medals were
awarded as follows:
State of California for traveling libraries—
City of Oakland, for secondary education;
State Normal School at Ban Joae, Los An
geles, San Diego and Chlco, for professional
work: Stockton, Loe Angeles and Paradena,
for Bpcondary education: Sacramento, for ele
mentary nnd secondary education.
MINES ANT> MINING AWARDS.
In the mining department the State
of California took gold medals for
bulldingr stone, collective exhibit of
mineral waters, gold ores, general mln
inn- exhibit and collective exhibit of n»
troleum. The State Mining Bureau was
awarded a g:old medal for literature
and gold ores. A gold medal went to
Nevada County for ores. The State
won a medal for magnesite. Other goid
medals in the mining department went
to the Joshua Hendy Machine Works,
American Magmesite Company, West
ern Carbonic Acid Gas Company, Pa
cific Tank Company, California State
Mining Bureair for model of a stamp
mill, L. E. de Camp of Stockton. F. W.
Braun & Co. of Los Angelea and John
C. Branner of Stanford.
In the fine arts department a gold
medal went to Byron Mauzy. Other
gold medals and the departments in
which they were awarded are as fol
lows:
Forestry department — Sunset Photo Engrav
ing Compkny. California Manufacturers" Asso
ciation, California Sugar and White Pine
Agency, Dodge-Posey Company of Lo» An
gelet: machinery department — Hercules Gaa
Engine Company (two medals); livestock de
partment — C. P. Bailey & Sons Company of
San Jose (six m«dals); city of San Francisco,
for general municipal exhibit in the model
city, as collaborators — Governor George C.
Pardee. J. A. Fllcher, Frank Wigging.
Among the multitude of silver medals
the State of California took one for its
butter exhibit, three for infusorial
earth, copper ores and mercury; one for
maps and photographs relating to
mines and mining, one for collective
fish and game exhibit and one for an
exhibit of social economy. The coun
ties that received silver medals for ex
hibits are Butte, El Dorado, Riverside,
San Luis ObisDO, Solano, Tehama, Tu
lare, Santa Clara, Orange, San Diego,
Inyo, Stanislaus, Alameda, Fresno and
Kern. Silver medals went to the cities
of Fresno, Stockton, Los Angelea,
Berkeley, Sacramento, Santa Cruz ard
San Diego. A silver medal went to the
Merchants' Association of San Fran
cisco for participation in exhibit and
civic pride in municipal improvements.
Two bronze medals were taken by the
State of California, for grasses and
forage plants and for seeds and cereals.
Among the array of bronze medal tak
trs were also the following:
Sacramento Valley Development Association
for dried fruits; Sacramento County grain
growers, for cereals: Glenn Sutter. Humboldt
and Colusa counties, for agricultural products;
Sonoma County for elementary education; Loa
Angeles County, for elementary education;
the State of California, in the mining depart
ment, for quartz crystals, leridollte, asphalt,
clay, soda, mltfr, »alt, mineral paints iron
ore granite, sandstone; the State Mining Bu
reau, for model of a drift placer mine and
flume.
STOLEN BOND
IS RECOVERED
Taken in the Famous Man
hattan Bank Robbery 27
Years Ago, It Reappears
NEW YORK, Feb. B.— Dr. Lewis O.
Wilcoxson is under arrest here, to
gether with Joseph A. Taylor, of I
White Plains, N. V., and James A.
Smith, of this city, in connection with
the recovery of a $10,000 United States
Government bond stolen from the Man
hattan Savings Institution in 1878. The
three prisoners claim to be capitalists
and promoters.
The complaint on which they were
arrested served also as the basis for a
warrant for the arrest of one Samuel
Warren Miller. Secret Service detec
tives, who are busy unraveling the case,
Bay they are in doubt whether
Miller is a real or a mythical person- !
age. The only evidence that such a
man exists rests upon the fact that his
name, written out in full, appears upon
the bond in the place where the name
of the Manhattan Savings Institution
should appear, and the additional fact
that Dr. Wilcoxson describes Miller as
the man from whose hands the bond
came into his possession as the result
of a business transaction.
When Deputy Assistant United States
Treasurer G. W. Malor received the
bond from a bank messenger in the
course of business, he instantly recog
nized it because of the number and
called Captain Flynn of the Secret Ser
vice. They examined the paper and
found no disfigurement except in the
perfect substitution of one name for
the other. The name Samuel Warren
Miller appeared to have been written
many years ago.
Captain Flynn went to the Aetna
Bank and there found James A. Smith,
who had presented the bond and who
had been asked to wait while it was
referred to the treasury officials.
Smith said Joseph A. Taylor, a friend,
brought him into contact with Dr. Wil
coxson and that the latter had
authorized him to negotiate a loan
for $9500 with the bond as collateral.
Smith and Taylor were to receive a
commission.
On the back of the security it ap- '
peared that Miller had on Monday
morning transferred the bond to Wil
coxson in the presence of President
Moyer of the Shoe and Leather Na
tional Bank as required by law.
The recovery of the bond recalft the !
robbery, twenty-seven years ago, of
the Manhattan Bank, one of the richest
hauls ever made in America. The
burglars secured nearly $3,000,000 in
cash and negotiable seenrities.
Troubles are like rainbows — if you
go toward them they disappear.
- ■-.- ... ■■ .j. j ■ -■■-■....»■ ■
I ssl ■ ssl I D I
" I give him bis Mellin's Food and
he sleeps ' til morning." . How many
mothers I can say this of their babies?
If your baby does not sleep well it
may be that he }is : not properly fed.
" A poorly nourished baby is a poof
sleeper. > Mellin's . Pood babies are
good sleepers. Our book the " Care ft
Feeding of Infants," seat free of charge. >
MeUla'. Food it the ONLY Infant. •
: Feed, which received the Grand | Prise,
the kUhtft award of the Louisiana Fmr-
c base Exposition, St. Umls, 1904. High-
er thaa •> geld medaL
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
MEMBER VOTE
IS CANVASSED
Senate and House Offi
cially Declare Roosevelt
and Fairbanks Elected
JOINT SESSION BRIEF
Only Fifty 3linutes Are Con
sumed in Disposing of
the Electoral Keturns
WASHINGTON. Feb. 8. — Although
the result of the Presidential election
was known early on the evening of
November 8, it was not until to-day,
when the Senate and House met in
joint session, that Theodore Roose
velt and Charles W. Fairbanks were
officially declared to be elected
President and Vice President, respec
tively, for four years beginning March
4, 1905. This function of Congress
attracted to the House chamber,
where the electoral vote was can
vassed, an Immense gathering, promi
nent among the audience being Mrs.
Roosevelt, Miss Alice Roosevelt, the
President's sister, Mrs. Cowles, and
Mrs. Charles W. Fairbanks, wife of
the Vice Presldeut-elect. President
Pro Tern Frye of the Senate presided
and delivered the announcement of
the result of the count, which
showed that President Roosevelt and
Mr. Fairbanks received 336 electoral
votes and Parker and Davis 140. The
whole proceeding consumed exactly
fifty minutes, thereby establishing a
new record in counting the electoral
vote.
The States were called in alphabet
ical order. The first mention of Pres
ident Roosevelt's name came when the
vote of California was announced. It
was the signal for applause from the
Republican side.
SMITH'S BAIL IS REDUCED.— An appli
cation for a writ of habeas corpus for the re
lease of Harry Smith, charged with the mur
der of Joseph McCann at Turk and Taylor
streets, on January 11. vu denied by Judga
Cook yesterday. The prisoner was remanded.
Smith had been held to • answer by Polic«
Judge Fritz and his bonds fixed at $10,i»»>.
With the consent of the District Attorney the
Judge reduced the bonds to $5000. Smith shct
and Wiled McCann after McCann had vlllifled
his mother and sl3ter. The' mother conducts a
Taylor-street resort.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WILL GIVE $1000
-ruug" j^ If I fail to cure any
RIP^ CANCER
V or Tumor I treat
•asv j^^. Jn before It poisons
deep glands w
7 WioKnifel No Pain!
£&, pHo Pay Until Cured
/in *> years I bavu cured more |
** ft cancers than any other doctor
. _^t^y I " * n ** Bo X Baj or other strla- j
ffgfcjj^ry^ X cUe> INVt«TIQATC
K^ >4IW Mt Absolnta GiuuUc
Rtr^f&MlA LUMP IN
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
They always poison the glands In tne armpit
and shoulder; then cure Is often Impossible. Any
tumor, lump or sore oa the LIP, FACE or any*
where six months Is nearly always cancer.
They never pain until almost past cur*. * .
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
with symptoms and testimonials of thousands '
cured whom you can see and talk with.
CHAMLEY CANCER INSTITUTE lie I
OR. S. R. sad MRS. CHAMLEY. Ma-agert
" Strictly Reliable." Two Lady Assistants.
Offices 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
law i^wJWHEN OUT
W^^f^FOß the DAY
•w^B^ErYou can make
. T^^^^r In a moment
|^^ Asa^^^ bracing beef tea
R O/f with water heated on an
t^^^Sm alcohol lamp, and a
I Umpahys -155? *
1 ' * I EXTRACT /) S.^-^
|l I£. ¥******?
'VainC* DONTFAILTO
laiaVW Bee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
H flfl room, the EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
C 1 PALM ROOM, the
Ii ran a louis XV PAR-
uiuuu LOR th- LA
O i. 1_ DIES* WRITING
Hotels I rqom I
AMUSEMENTS.
EaCing! jfcfiaclig!
He* Jockey
California S^ Club
' oaklahs track.
Racing every weekday, rain or shine.
. , . Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
PALACE HOTEL KAJTDICAP. $2000
. ADDED, TO BE RUW SATUR-
DAT, PEBRUART 11.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8. P. Perry, foot of Market street, at 12:>*>.
12:30. 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im-
mediately after the last race. ■
THOMAS H. WILUAM3. President.
PERCY " W. TREAT. ? Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
THE DOLMETSCHES
li Concerts on the Old Instrumtnts.
X.TBZO HALL
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15.
SPECIAL FBOOmAMHTS
Old • Italian and German Masters.
FRIDAY APTXKHOON at 3:30.
The Music of BhaJcespeaxe.
. Seats $1.00. 75c and 50c. "
- At Sherman, Clay It Co.'s.
VjHßb^A)} General Manager.
xSbe^^Z/ Continuous Vaudeville.
S>^sJ^ ■ Matinees v and Evenings.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBSA ys f?a:-iciscc'3
LAST 4 ifiaHTS — MAT. SAT.
Charles Frobman Presents
WILLIAM COLLIER
In Richard Harding Davis' Farce*
THE DICTATOR
•Be.qrinninsr JTEXT MONDAY
Lawrance D Orsay
In Augustus Thomas' '"rowning Comedy
Creation,
THE EARL OF
PAWTUCKBT.
SEATS HOW BIAJT. *; '■[
lExtra-Altiamtipa
NEXT SATURDAY AFTERN'ONN,
Second and Positively Last Appearance*
MELBA
- Seats sl to $1, at Sherman. Clay & Co."*.
GRAND SSK
Every ETe'nlng, Including Sunday
MATINEES And, Wednesday 3l 2
Awe Inspiring In Its
Bursts of Splendor
KLAW & erlan'ger's suprems ;
production;
MOTHER
I SEATS rO» SECOWD WXEK [
I OH* SALS THIS MOaJTOrQ.
I
COLE JOHNSON ;
Robert H. Hodge and Company: v*ui*l<*> Broth-
ers: Newell and Nlblo: Happy Jack Gardner
and Orpheiam Motion Pictures.
Last Times of the -
PROSPER TROUPE;
John and Bertha Gleesnn and Fred Houlihan
» -■- — And Tha —
CARTER DE HAVEN SEXTETTE,
In New Songs, Specialties an.'. Costumes.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 'i^o
and 50c. __.
+ CALIFORNIA N
Edward Ackerman. Lessee & Manager. V
TO-NIGHT 1
PAUL GILMORE |
In the Big London and New York So- I
ciety Drama Success, |)
"THE MUMMY I
!! EDE D HUMMING BIRD I
NEXT SUNDAT— The Odd Comedian. I
HAitRT BERESFORI> ot 'Wroiif ■
Mr. Wright" fame, in his latest and I
best comedy. "OUR NEW MAN." - _J
Performances at S Sharp.
POSITIVELY LAST TWO WEEKS.
GRAND OPERA
IN ITALIAN".
TO-NI6HT, "THE PEARL FISHERS"
i Fin«t time in America).
. WITH TETKA2XX2TI
Friday. "LA BOHEME." with B«r!indi.
Saturday Matinee/ "LUCIA." with Tetraa-
zlni (last time): Saturday Night. "ANDRE
• CHENIBR." with Berllndi: Sunday, "LA
TRAVIAT.v." with Tetrazzin 1 (last time).
NEXT AND LAST WEEK.
Tuesday. PTRITANI. • with TetraszlnL
SEATS NOW SELLING.
AT i~* A T A T> Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR" FSST
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT AND SUN.
ARF YOU SCR^
t\ IV L-* I V *— ' LAUGHTER
A MASON? s sr
Don't Miss "ARE YOU A MASON V • ]~
Evgs.. 25c to 75c; Mats, to— lay & Sun. .2sc to 90s)
IBSEN MATIMEE TO-DAY.
GHOSTS
Lillian Lawrence and Barry Mestayer.
NEXT MONDAY— 1 ReTival.
OLD HEIDELBERG
' HUNDREDS ASK TOR IT.
CENTRALS
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South 539.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATS. SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Positively one of the most startling scento
sensations of a sensational age!
A Fight for Millions
The first submarine boat used on any stag*'!
The genuine Marconi wireless telegraph sys-
tem in full operation on the stage!
PRICES— Eve. 10c to 80c; Mats. 10c 15c. 28e.
; Next— "THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS."
jli — i
Hitfh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and ETeniaff In the Heated Theater.
to-jtiokt: electric rowTAijr
DISPLAY.
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE.
CONCLUDING with ;
A FAT LADIES' SACK RACE
CHARLES BIGNEY. Champion High Diver.
SEE TH JOHSSTOWH FLOOD.
Watch for THE CIRCLE SWING.
ADMISSION I'"' I CHILDREN 5c
When Phoning A.«< for "The iiui^"
■pEL CALL
16 'Pates. SI oerYcar
910
FREE— A NEAR CUT GLASS FRUIT PLATE
THB^CALL
JOHN' D. SPRKCKKLS . • Proprietor I
Address Communications to
JOBS Hi \ U OUT .Manager
W. J. .i;n\ Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect rou With the Department You Wish.
Tubliraticn Office Market and Third. S. F.
Kditcrial Rooms 217 to — L Stevenson st-
Ixlivered by Carriers. 20 CtR. Per Week. 75
Cits. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cta
Terms by Hall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order): « „
DAILY CALL (induU. BnaOaDJ 1 year... 58. 00
DAILY CALL (ircl-Jd. Eanday). « ir.os * "0
DAILY CAM By Sirsle Month '>•"•
ECSfPAT CALL. 1 Yea: f-2
tt'ggJOUT CALL. 1 Year ] °°
FOREIGN fDaily...sS.SOf Daily.. .$S.SO Per Year Extra
;^ T "'' A Sunday. 4.X.-, Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. l_\veeU!y. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS AR~ AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Carrple Copies will be forwarded when re-
Quested.
l!ail subscribers in ordering change of a<J ;
«ref* fhould be partit-ulai to give both **-"
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to '«ure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
•aeat.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10&..
BERKELEY OFFICE: __
»48 Center Street Telephone North ••
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6ABUEL W. WALL V* Building
NEVT YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- A Ftoria Hotel; A. Brentar.o. 31
Cr.lon Square; Murray Kill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hc-rtman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern not«"l- /T*rr.or.t House; Auditorium
Eotel; PaJraer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE IvROGNFPS. Marquette Building.
<Loef Distance Telephone. "Central 2613.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building j
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE C the San Francisco Call
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night -.:-. the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IMS ITarkft street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 r>. m.
t~ Montgomery street, comer Clay; open until.
9 :.'« r- m.
$(.:' Haye? street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*53f» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin str?et; open until '->:S0 p. m.
JW; Mission street; cr«n until 10 p. m.
1(* Eleventh street ; open until 9 p. m.
JC96 Valencia street; open until 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until '.' p. m.
1200 Fillmore Ftreet; open until 9 p. m .
2£~~XT— Ct NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council of Ka<i<*=h i^SBT
No. 7. A. and A. S. R.. :-"•• |HT
Geary «*•— Called meeting TO- m (K__T_
DAY (THURSDAY) at 10 __raSsKM
O'clock n. »n. Decrees r-.eteetv.h j£_^}&_»*
to thirtieth inclusive. Visiting R. . §3j 13
brethren cordially Invited. _££o2
CHAS. JKLLIN'EK. Recorder. "^a»
CALIFORNIA Consist! i No. 5, l^ssS
A. nit A. S. R. . 1559 Geary ~Bfi~
st. — Called mooting THIS f?t-___?LTil
.THURSDAY) EVENING at 8 'Ej^_?_iJ
o'clock. Degree thirty-first. irr^_9_\Wtj
Visiting brethren- cordially In- " Hi-
"HAP JELLINEK. Registrar.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. _
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) *_?_*
EVENING. February 9. at 7:30/V\
o'clock. First degree.
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120 F. and A.M. m
— Special meeting THIS (THUHB-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third degree. Master Masons cor-
dially Invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— •
Fir* degree THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Maeons cor- /V\
di&lly invited. Order of the Master.
• J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
PTARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and A. •
M.. 317 Devlsadero St. — First degree >_%f
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING ai/>r\
7:30 o'clock. Visiting brethren ccr-
dlally invited. By order of the W. M.
H. F. WRIGHT. Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thist!* v «y v,
•Tlub meets THIS (THURSDAY) SV, a3a
EVENING in Fraternity Hall, 32 >S»JLXjC
OFarrell ft., at R o'clock. ' <| e_Hfc
GEO. W. PATERSON, Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
RIGGERS' and Stei*>dores' Union, Lo- -.
.-a: 222. of the I. L. M. and Tr A. — tLt
Members, attention! Special adver- i^^»
need meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _«3§?4
F.VKNIN'. ■ o\ iock. Important \£*}_j
business. By crder --VV^?
P. D. EUBTBOfiK, President. «__s~
JOHN H. DOLAN. Roc. and Cor. Sec
CHE Servian Benevolent Society ~
holds its regular meetings «. ...
every second and last THURS- |_ 49 J
DAY of the month at 103 *»i < v_^^
O'Ferrell st. at 7.30 p. m. V___*fc3?
JOHN A. LJUBIBRATICH. )_@^
President. l_^wSC_
V. RADOJEVICH. Secretary. O%£XL
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco will be held at
the office of the company in the Union Trust
Company's bui!ding, 2 Montgomery St., San
Francisco. Cal.. on THURSDAY, the 9th
day or February, 1905, ».t the hour of 2
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the following
year, the amendment of the by-laws of the
company and the transaction of such other
»i-5ln»«8 as may come before the meeting.
JL'HARLES J. PEERING. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
gation Company will be held at the office of
the company. 227 Market St.. San Francisco,
Cal.. or. THURSDAY, the 9th day of Feb-
ruary. 1905. At the hour of 2 o'olock p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of dlrec-
tcr» to aerve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. GEORGE A.
DOUGLASS. Secretary. '
KOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
BANK OF CALIFORNIA — NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that In pursuance of a
resolution of the Board of Directors of The
Bank of California, a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the State of
California, passed and adopted on Tuesday,
th» Slet day of January. 1005, at a regular
meeting of said Board duly held at No. 400
California street, in the City and County of
Ban Francieeo, in the State of California
(the tame being the banking-house and prin-
■ cipal place of business of said corporation
and being the building where the Board of
Directors of said corporation usually meets),
a meeting of the stockholders of said cor-
poration is hereby called for and will be held
at No. 400 California street, in raid City
•_d County of San Francisco (the same be-
ing the b&nking-ho_j>« and principal place
of bu£in<*n» of said corporation, and 'being
the building where the Board of Directors
nf «m i<! corporation usually meets), on TUES-
DAY, the 4th day of April, J905, at three
o'clock in the afternoon of said day. for the
purpose of considering, deciding and acting
upon the proposition to increase the capital
stock of said corporation. The Bank of Cali-
fornia, from three million (3,000,000) dollars,
divided into thirty thousand (30.000) shares
of the par value of one hundred <100) dol.
lare each, t<> four million (4,000,000) dollars,
to be divided into forty thousand (40.000)
■hares of the par value- of one hundred (100)
dollar* each. By order of th* Board of Di-
rector*. Dated Jan. 31st, 1905 ALLEN
M. CLAY, Secretary of The Bank of Cali-
fornia.
ANNUAL meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany— The regular annual ' meeting of the
stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held nt the office of the
company. ."30 Market street (4th Ccor 'of
the Clark bulMing). in the city and county
■of San Francisco. State of California, on
THURSDAY, the 2Srd day of February. A.
TV 19CS. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of elating a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of euch oilier business as may
property come before the meeting. Transfer
books will close ten (10) days prior to date
of meeting.
M. EHRMAN. Secretary Pro Tern.,
Honolulu Plantation Company. 330 Market st.
■ Ean Francisco. California, Feb. &. 1005.
SPECIAL meeting — A special meetlnj: of the
holder* of Sprcckds Sugar Company
will b« held at the office of the company.
527 Market *t., Fan Francisco. . Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 14th day of February. |Bii.\.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of amendinr Art. VIII of the. By-laws
' In reference to . the close of the fiscal year.
9} order of th* President.
i . . W. H. HANNAH. Secretary. j
ATTO_NE~S-AT-I.AW.
Advice free in all legat matters; private divorces
a specialty; quick; quiet; no pay unless divorce
Is granted; collections made; partnership bill of
sale, wills, deeds, etc.. drawn. Open evenings
by request. Established 22 years. G. W.
HOWE. 112* Market .st.. bet. Mason & Taylor.
ADVICE free, private, confidential; business
legally and promptly transacted: attachments,
collection*, probate, mechanics' liens, tenants
ejected, bankruptcy: contracts v.-ills, etc., '
drawn. W. MAITHEWS^ C 32 Market, r. 23
R TV. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Ex.am. bids., j
Cth '.floor: entrance room 611; established 'M j
years: all courts, general court and office '■
practice; no- fees in advance or for consulta- !
lion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601. '
ADVICE free: lejral divorce, costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday <>venlnßs: other evenings by appoint-
ment; i all and save money. BM Market, r. 33.
A A— DIVOP.CE: cost $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; ell law business: no charge unless suc-
cessful: epen evening-. 027 Market, room 301.
DIVORCE- lowest fee: advice free. H. H. j
Heath. MB James Flood bldg, 070 Market st.
L. S. CLARK, 527 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free: no fees in advance; open evenings.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS started In business: no capital: rood
workers make $100 month. Box COIS. Call.
ADOPTIOir.
INFANTS adopted at Maternity Villa: private.
DR. EMILIE FL'NKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
ASTHMA CURB.
Dl KOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly;
10c. 25c, 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas, also
Wishart. Tenth "Washington. Oakland.
AXJTOMOEH.ES.
WANTED — A second-hand automobile in good
condition. Box 5295. Call office. .
BOARDING FOE CHILD BE".
LAUV would like to care for child from 2 to 5
years old. Call 491 Fourth st. ; MARTIN.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— 11800; CORNER saloon on Sixth Ft., one of
the best corners; Investigate at once; this
Is a rare chance; disagreement of partners
only eaaaa of sale. Call R. G. WILKE, 26
Kearny st.
$20CO— A BAKERY and "coffee saloon; estab.
many years; clearing never less than £300
per month; m u*t be sold at once, as owner
la engaged in another large enterprise. Par-
tlcuiars R. G. 1 iLKE, 26i* Kearny st.
A— $1800; CORNER saloon, cpp. cable-house;
place doing a flrst-class business; cigar
stand in front and- a good business offer.
See R. G. WILKE, i! 6'<! Kearny st.
A— s22oo; '"ANDY store and factory; In best
business town across the bay; store elegantly
furnished ; soda fountain, etc.; the leading
place in that city; a rare chance; Investigate
at once. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $1000; HALF Interest in millinery store;
one of th« best In this city; retiring partner
to go to the country; location close to Mar-
ket st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny St.
*350; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Ellis Ft.; 4 living rooms; rent $17;
a bargain. See R. G. WILKE, £6Vi Kearny.
A—s3soo;A — $3500; HOTEL with property 3 lots, house
12 rooms, barroom, fine grounds; about 120
miles from S. F. : licence $21 per quarter.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000;A — $1000; BUTCHFR shop on Third st.; dally
receipts above $30; horse, wagon; lease; good
business. Ste R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— sl2oo; BAKERY in lively town. 30 miles
from S. F.; rent $27: 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; .*{ hcrses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
K-arny st.
A— s22oo: COFFEE saloon in best location;
rent $50; place taking In above $70 per day;
10 years' lease: a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20% Keamy st.
A— 42250: COAL* wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; ,'! horses, 3 wagons, net rent $34; estab.
years; owner a widow: must sell at once, as
s-he —ants to leave the State. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s2ooo: RESTAURANT and lodging-house:
ISO beds; rent $80; located Sacramento and
Montgomery ets.: place clears ebout $300 per
month, See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$0000;A — $0000; CORNER grocery, kept by owner 9
years; doing a large business; owner has an-
other comer grocery and bar for $8000; must
Eeli either one; take your choice: location the
best. See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A—s7so;A — $750; DRY goods and notion store in Berke-
ley: rent $1S; 5 living room s; a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A $5000; CORNER saloon on Sixth st. ; place
doing a good paying business;. estab. years;
lea.-*?: a first-class business proposition. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE. 26% -Kearny.
A—$800;A — $800; OYSTER and ,fhop house, clo.«e to
■ Market and 7th s-t*. ; rent $29: good business:
owner must sell this place or his other oyster
and chop house on Montgomery aye.; price
$450; rent $16; come Investigate and take
your choice. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kcarny st.
$1200: • ROADHOUSE: 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; fshuf fletioard ; place estab-
lished many years; beet location on San Ma-
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
$2200; CORNER saloon on California st. ;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures: large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. , 26% Kearny.
— $800; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; investi-
Bate; this In a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo;A — $4000; BAKERY and confectionery, estab-
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses, wagons and buggy: one of the best
in this city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Keanj' st.
A—$1800;A — $1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market st.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— sr.sCo; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000; stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market: a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny est. .
A— $1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $80; lease: place lo-
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$1750; CORNER* grocery and bar, with 8
living rooms: on Sacramento st. ; 4% years"
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny- at.
A— s24so; CORN grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash" busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. , ■
I A— R. E. CALLAHAN, r 26 Montgomery St..
Telephone James 6301. '
Business Locations and Leases a Specialty.
I Will positively guarantee any place I ad-
~ rertise to be exactly as represented. Will
give you from 5 to 10 days to investigate.
You cannot find any of my opportunities ' In
any other office. All business strictly confi-
dential. " , ■
WANTED— A man with $20,000 to take an in-
. terest in 3 mine* located in Nevada; money
to be used for developing purposes and neces- I
aary mills; over 100, tons of ore now in 1
Bight that will run from $435 to $35 per ton; I
samples of era can be seen at room 8, 28 i
Montgomery st. R. E. CALLAHAN. :
j $8500 ELEGANTLY fitted up corner grocery
and bar. north of Market St.; good lons lease;
doing a guaranteed lousiness of 565 per day;
all bar trade; excellent reasons for selling.
R. E. CALLAHAN. 2« Montgomery.
F. A. BROOKB/VNK,
San Francisco's Leading -Agent,
817 Market St.. bet. Filth and Sixth.
ARE you disgusted with working for others,
find would like to associate yourself with a
good, reliable and onergetlc man who con-
ducts an old established business which is
clearing $2CO to $250 monthly? If your an-
twer is yes, and If you have $300 capital to
invest I would advise you to call and have a
talk will-, me and 1 will " give you - full de-
, tails. BKOOKI3AXK. -
J. B. OBERLE> , W. H. M ASSET '
EAGLE REALTY OFFICE.
230 K-arny st.. rooms 1-2. Phone Black MM
'* £125 — Flat. 7 rooms; nicely furnished; rent
j $15; lie sacrifice.' 230 Kearny st.
[ $150 — Corner saloon; license, • stock; good
; trade; must' be sold to-day. 230 Kearny st.
I $S50 — Corner - grocery and saloon; license,
stock: 3 living rooms; rent $35. s 230 Kearny st.
' $27f — 10-room house: fine furniture; rent $40-
200 ether bargains. 230 Kcarny . St. ;
WANTED— Party with . $2000 who I? j willing
to speculate and . talte ■ a . chance ~ whero -• he
-ill have 00 pericent the best- of It:; chance
to-maj-.o SuO.COO in a *hort time; none but
roFponsibla' parting need reply; references ex-
changed. Box (5214. ; Call office. '
A PARTNER wanted in old established busl-
ncss: email 'capital required. Particulars 47
Geary St.. room 5
__MH__feHß_H«#_2
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9. 1905.
BTTSI"~SS — Conttenefl.
A— CAMERON _ CO. —Phone South 1050.
.3 Eddy et.,,ct)r. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A—$1800;A — $1800; first-cia^s saloon on fine corner,
v.holf district; rent only $00; doing good
business; no night or" Sunday work; big op-
portunity. See CAMERON & CO.
Wanted— Partner in lor.g established under-
taking business, S. F. ; ; must be . German,
Catholic, not over 40 years old; have nrst-
■ lars equipments, fine hearse,  carriages,
horses and harness; owns own building;
chance of lifetime to step into substantial,'
paying business for low price of $3500; part
down; fe'ood man needed more than money.
CAMERON & CO. - - - .
FOR sale — fine copper claims, north of San
Francisco: title perfect: 2 mountains of ore:
Selby's aesay, lowest 23 per cent, highest 40
per cent; solid ore from surface, solid ore
from ledge, no waste; 35 miles from coast,
on river; water, wood and coal plenty; gold
. enough to. pay for expense of ' working mine;
$4,000,000 worth of copper within 100 feet -oC
surface. For further particulars see CAM-
ERON 4: CO. '. , ■
FIVE years ago 16,000 snares of f gold coin
stock of Cripple Creek.'. Colo., was offered
■ an Omaha man at 3 cents ■ per share, or
$4SO for the block. To-day: that stock Is
worth $80,000. The Omaha man said : "No.
thank you, not any for me." The other
man who bought . the stock 'is a. rich man
to-day. Now, to-day I offer to ten persons
' only In the whole United States 15,000 shares
. of Continental Gold, of Colo., par value
$16,000. for ?300. If you can Invest this
amount, I can prove to you that I offer a
better .opportunity- than was offered the
Omaha man. W. W. WEAVER, Sfec. Buena
Vista, Colo. ■
FREE."
For the purpose of advertising our business
all property and business listed with us and
sold on or before March 1, 1905, .will be done
so free of charge. To buyers:. Please call
and see our free list of opportunities In all
lines of business and in all parts of city;
' bank and commercial references. .
O'DONNELL. JEPSON & CO.,
Real Estate and Business Brokers, ■
1130 Market st. ,
CIGAR stand, Kearny st.; good machine play;
elegant stock; partners ', cannot agree; gift
for ?SCO. See DECKER, 900 Market.
LIVERY stable; fine location; excellent busi-
ness; large stock of horses, buggies, wagons,
carts, hacks and harness, etc. : . established
several years; only $3000. See DECKER,
908 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
$350— BAKERY: living rooms; horse and
wagon; across the bay; must be sold at once;
owner going- East. M. LESS & CO., room 31,
Bacon block. Oakland. Cal. - ■■
$1100-^-CORNEF. saloon, building Included: 8
living. rooms; cheap ground rent. M. LESS
& CO., room 31. Bacon block. Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND' bowling alley and cigar etand; 7
regulation alleys; prefer to sell half Interest
to party who would manage on salary; pres-
ent owner obliged to he absent on other busi-
ness; good business; money-maker; investi-
gate. Owner Thirteenth st., near Clay,
Oakland. . . ■
IF looking for a safe Investment that will pay
15 per cent per annum, write for particulars;
triflers-not expected- to reply. This Is -an
honest proposition, backed by honest people.
Bo* 0000. Call.. -.; -.- ■ •
I HAVE $2250 to Invest In rome good, legiti-
mate, profitable business where I can also
employ. my time; can give references. Reply
with full particulars to box 5297. Call office.
No agents.- ' -.•-.-.:.
$600— PARTNER wanted to take half Interest
In old established, large restaurant: central
location: doina: good business; dally " trade
from $75 up. Box 5851, Call. '
WANTED — Partner in lumber and' shipping
business; must invest ' $5000. Apply 632
Market St.. room 23.
PARTNER with $2000; big paying and old
established business; will stand investigation.
Box 6833, Call office.
$500— PARTNER; gentile: specialty, men's
clothing, street car, mall carriers' uniforms,
etc.; agency Calfiornia. Box 60S1, Call office.
CHEAP; good florist business; long lease and
cheap rent; transfer corner. 339 Leaven-
' worth st.
— STEADY man as a partner to do plain,
light work in-a cash business; sure profit of
$S0 a month to each. 632 Market St., r. 6.
$235 — SACRIFICE on account of other busi-
ness; complete home, with store: no reason-
able offer refused; no agents. 204 First st.
FOR SALE — A very fine hotel proposition In
Vallejo; good trade; good profits. Address
for further particulars, box 5101. Call office.
A FINE meat market, poultry and vegetable
• stand- for sale In Oakland, good trade, busi-
■ ness location; make offer. Box 5202. Call..
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
FOR sale— Rooming* and boarding house; 15
■ rooms; all full; rent $40; at your own price.
323 First st. . . •
FOR sale — Cheap; good paying restaurant;
owner going to Europe. 52 Eighth st.
SALOON for sale. 827 Howard st, bet.
Fouith and Fifth sts.
"WANTED— To buy a delicatessen store for
- cash. Box 4005. Call.
WOULD like to buy a branch baking and no-
tion store. Address, box 5198, Call office.
FOR rent — store. 610 Kearny st.
— ELEGANT saloon and dance hall;
lease; worth $2000. 410 Pacific st.
WANTED— A branch bakery, notions, candy;
good locality. Box 5685, Call office.
A. CAMERON _ CO. —Phone South 1050.
.3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters • for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
63 rooms; fine corner; rent only $200; water
free; well furnished and equipped apartment-
house; fine neighborhood; near Larkin St.; al-
ways full and clears over $200 per month;
owner retiring from business; fine investment
at $4200; exclusively with us. '. *
100-room grand ' new modern building in
heart of business center; has all up-to-date
equipments; electric elevator, lights, . steam
heat, carpets, furniture and draperies of ■ the
best; cheap rent; long leass; this opportunity
should not be overlooked .to get first-class
business that will i clear $400 to $500 for one-
third the cost to furnish; owner leaving city;
exclusively with us: price $5000. SSftgi^&Wj
14 rooms, Eddy; cheap rent; well furnished
in oak; with good carpets; part housekeeping;
where you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work; -price
$700. . •. ■ gi ■ • . - .- , ,
One of the swellest 83-room family hotels In
San Francisco," catering to same class of people
as St. i Francis or Palace; -furniture, carpets
end furnishings of the beet; -everything up to
date; there is nothing that excels it in this
city; never been on market -before; this hotel
now. clear?, over air expenses, $1400 per month: ,
best of reasons for : selling; this ■ house - cost
$40.00* to furnish; to be sacrificed for $24,000; j
exclusively with us.
60 rooms; new and elegantly furnished \: In
weathered oak, mahogany and blrdseye maple:
bePt of velvet and Axmlnster carpets; grand
'new modern : building; Jong lease; cheap rent;
will guarantee to clear $300 per month; never
been on market before; illness In family cause
sale; only with us. ; , ...
. 9- room modern upper flat; rent $50,- water
free; only 5 months : furnished, • with elegant
furnishings; choice block Ellis st. ; $300 down, |
balance can be ; paid . $25 ' per ; month.  , • ,
80 rooms; .. flrst-class: -r. new • transient house;
well furnished and doing fine business: owners
are getting eld . and wish to retire . from busi-
ness. ' '■ - - - - -.'.-'; , •■/..
11 rooms; Geary, close ; in: cheap i rent; fur-
nished : In oak and .mahogany; carpets first
class ; all | full and | clearing nice little : Income ;-
must. leave city; price $750. .- ■,
-A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 'Eddy sL '
A— JUST A FEW : OF. MANY BARGAINS. •■ -"
22 rooms; >150 cash. bal. payments to suit. ■■'•
80 rooms; fine cor.: $2000 cash. bal. terms.
11 rooms;; 5250 cash: "r beautiful. home.
10 rooms: clears $50;.only:;r;TrA*^r77-r. . $300
110 rooms; money-maker: reduced;.. 1". $5000
12 rooms; Sixth' and Market: only :Y.": 5350
Many others not i advertised."--- Please 'call }
RETSLOFF;'& SPAULDING. . rooms .6 ' and
6 A, 906 Market ■ St.. corner - Ellis. 5 ;-.' :': ■ • ; *„;-.- •;
ATTENTION ' — ; one ; desiring: good ; paying
lodging-house,* --.very central, will ■do " well ;: to
answer, this ad; «, good reason; -for "« selling;
book' open . for ; Inspection: >no : agents ■or tri-
flers.- Box ■ 5836, Call ■ office. ■'..; ' ' .'; ;: .
~*T' ~ . FISHER & C 0.,/-:.-.--. ..- -"
■ Successors -to . Mitchell ■•■& Co.. In 'rnomlng-
liousps. i hotels ; and '■, fiats. . .' James ■* Flood < bide,
Powell and Market, room 4."fi; phone Main 3354.
.ROOMING-HOUSE. for sale;/ rooms; : always
'• ■ ranted; w rent /'- reasonable: >4 death ■■? in * family
" reason • for selling; ano v reasonable j offer <■: re-
: . fused. Apply 1024: Howard ; et.;; no agents." -
FOR pale— lodging hou«e of '2s' rooms. ; Apply
869 Washington St., Oakland. ..> -
Money to Loan. Tel. (private line) Main 33-4-3.
M— A— R— l— O— N G— R— l— F— F— l— N.
M— A— R— l— O— N G—R—l—F—G — R— I— F— F— I— N .
ZZIZH i
UP-TO-DATE Offices m James Flood Bldg..
Corner Market and Powell sts.
Market-st. Entrance Opposite "Emporium."
Ellls-st. Entrance Opposite "Golden West
Hotel."
Suite 801. Near Elevators.
Free services to buyers. Titles guaranteed.
"We sail any house on the installment plan.
N. B.
—FOR RENT. FURNISHED—
Doing a good business; a large, modern
apartment house; in a fine location; with
proper management it should clear $.'550 month-
ly^ MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 15—
ONE of our unmarried gentlemen clients
i owns a beautifully furnished 15-room house;
wants a housekeeper with $200, who may have
all the profits.
—NO. 30—
DEATH of owner makes sale Imperative of
a well furnished, corner, SO-room house, with
27 bltf and sunny bay-windows; profit $143
monthly.
— Lease If you prefer It —
MAKE YOI'R OWN OFFER TO
—MARION GRIFFIN—
P. 8. — This houss can bo successfully man-
aged by either man or woman.
■
—NO. 22—
MEDIUM grade house of 22 rooms; on street
car crossing north of Market; rent $70. (Why,
that's only a little over $S a room)! Worth
$1400. will take $900. Roomers pay $8 per
room. What would ths profit be?
MARION GRIFFIN.
— Room J«01 —
— James Flood Buildings —
Market-st. Entrance Opposite "Emporium."
—NO. 109^
"The Klnest"
Straight Rooming-house.)
109-room house: new and modern In
— Every Detail-
No finer or more costly furnishings can be
found In any hotel or rooming- house in this
city. Suites bring $40 to $75 per month. Not
a vacant room.
— Lease for 10 years —
— Profit for January, $611 —
Books will be shown and fullest particulars
will b« given tc any buyer who oom«w with an
agent from MARION GRIFFIN'S Office,
But not otherwise.
—NO. 52—
"AN AIR OF WEALTH PERVADES IT."
House of half-a-huntired gorgeously furnished
rooms. Any good manager could
— Bank $350 monthly —
— As the present owner does —
Owing to the necessity of changing climate,
owner will sell for M less than cost. Terms,
$1500 down and Installments aa made In the
business.
— See —
MARION GRIFFIN,
— Our Agent —
—NO. 14—"
REWARD OFFERED.
READ AND BE WISE.
A corner houpo of 14 rooms, near Geary and
Taylor. Profit $89 50 over rent and all ex-
penses. Price $1200: half cash and little in-
stallments. Landlady only cares for 3 rooms.
— "IS IT CLEAN?" —
If you can find one ounce of dirt in that
lady's house we will pay you a LIBERAL
REWARD.
(Signed) MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 80—
"BACHELOR'S HOME": 30 rooms; rent
$S>o- all rooms occupied permanently by men.
Price $850. MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 17—
RICHLY FURNISHED home of 17 rooms;
near Butter and Hyde; income $63 over ex-
penses.
An exclusive home.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 801,
James Flood Building,
Onp. "Emporium."
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
Rcominsr-Ho-ises and Hotels for Sale.
H. C. DECKER, 006 MARKET ST.; PHONE
JOHN 681.
Headquarters for
Rooming-houses,
Lodging-houses,
Apartment-hcuses.
Hotels, Boarding-houses,
Flats, Private Homes.
Store?, Business Opportunities.
City and Country Real Estate
For eale and exchange.
Over 29 years selling places In this city.
COLLECTION OPPXOBS^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery Ft., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5550.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
RICHARD MAYO.
THE EMINENT
CLAIRVOYANT, j
421A— ELLIS ST.— 42IA
BPECIAL THIS WEEK.
REDUCED FEE.
At a glance the great master of secrets
knows all; he asks no questions and makes
no guesses, hut tells you to the point just
what you want to know, what to do and
what to expect, giving names, dates, loca-
tions, etc., concerning any one or anything;
secret knowledge and influence placed in your
own hands to remove the cause of any
trouble, failure, influence, disease, misfor-
tune or unaappiness, and opens a quick and
sure way for relief, success, information,
happiness and the contentment you most de-
sire; business, health, love, marriage, di-
vorce, property, money, speculation, family
affairs, changes, positions, personal magnet-
Ism, physical development, power, etc.
Richard Mayo understands nature's condi-
tions and desires of humanity and is most
generous, sympathetic and confidential with
a'l who geek his counsel; the special aOc fee
is made this week to give those in moderate
circumstances who are troubled, discontented
or unsuccessful a chance to consult him;
regular fee- $? and up; remember, if nothing
can be done to your complete satisfaction no
charge will be made.
The uecret art of calling you by your full
name, also giving your age, occupation, etc.,
etc., will be demonstrated free.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. daily and Sunday.
Private flat.
421 A Ellla St.. near Jones.
MME. LYNN,
The Eminent Clairvoyant — Psychic — Mystic.
SPECIAL REDUCTION THIS WEEK.
Readings 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c
Wonderful, bewildering Is the work of
Mme. Lynn, whose readings are a revelation;
advice on love, marriage, courtship, business,
mines; also reunites the separated; gives
secret power to control any one in 21 days.
Ehe tells you full name and what you want
to know. All business strictly confidential.
239 Powell s t., rear Geary.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, who has
been before the public in this city for 20
years. Is permanently located at 17 Third St.,
next Examiner bldt; she redds your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
reveals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with life
or have domestic, love or business troubles
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them; valuable advice
all affairs In life. FREE consultation; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45G9.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
26'^ Kearny st.
MME. PORTER^ clairvoyant, medium; horn
with secon.l sight: tells past, present, future:
lariien, 50c; Rents by cards, $1 ; palmistry and
crairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 303 Jones, nr.Eddy.
/ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St., Sun Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis et., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; $1; hours. 10 to 8.
MIIE. ODELL, clairvoyant, card and teacup
reader; reasonable. 222^ Eddy St.. near
Jones.
LINDO — Don't fail to consult this famous clair-
voyant, psychic and healer. 17 3d St.. next Ks-
amlner bid. ; hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. ; rdg. 50c.
MME. KRONENBERG. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; when others fail try me; read-
ings 25c. 102 '^ Sixth st.. near Mission.
JIRS. AUGUST, great clairvoyant, card reader
palmist: name door. 1140 Mission, upstairs.
MISS WARD. 12(W Market st.. pnrTor 31. clair-
voyant, j;lvcs names, dates; take elevator.
.Mis.- /C.MDAU, yoanc gifted clalrT, palm.;
names; L.'SO.-; o. $1. 533 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. SHAFFER, clalrvoyant~rard~reader. has
returned; sittings daily. 108 6th st., rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
ttller. is now at 317 Ellis st
BPISI-— -_ISM. '- '"'
A — MRS. : J. J. WHITNEY, ; bus. medium and
\ life reader, 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S marvelous spirit messages to-
night. 619 McAllister, 10c ; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance night
and Sun. at 8; "friends only." 1084 Bush.
FRED P. EVANS, the world's most famous
• slate-writing psychic. Office 1112 Eddy st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium^ 35GS 17th
st.; readings 1 to 5; tel. Capp 858. /
CARPET BEATING AND CLIANINQ.
COMPRESSED Air and ..Vacuum Process used
j for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. •F. Com-
, pressed Air Cleaning Co.. SOS Market St.;
phones Main 152. and Bush 479. .
•WHEN- you -become- disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
..'- Ing works. 335-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st. Al cleaning. 3c. ' FRED H AGE-
• DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
TEL. Sutter 1981, Star Renovating 'Co.. 530 O.
. G. aye.; carpet clean., fit. lay.; upholstering.
MITCHELL'S. .240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. • Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
.. tel. Main 390. OHO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: Mission 263.
CIiOTHiyQ BEWO7AT— O. *
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
. dyeing. -Bon Marche, Examiner bldg.; r. 410;
Phong Drum m 44. Call for and deliver free.
C__DIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. .ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
_ what you v.aat from us and have It charged.
DENTISTS.
DR. F. H. CAMP uses the Basford Obtunder,
the only device by means of which sensitive I
, teeth may be drilled or ground absolutely!
without pain. For a demonstration call at
rooms 517-18 Callaghan blag., corner Market
and McAllister sts.; phone Howard 3563.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates,-. $5, - full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
, DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
' — No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
FILLINGS. 250 : and 50c; crowns. $2. NEW
' YORK DENTISTS, 069 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD filling's. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
- pain; op.Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lOl^ Grant aye.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Putter st. and Grant aye. .
DEESSKAKEBS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
MRS. T. CLUNE of New York opens dress-
. making parlprs at -2170 Post St., opp. Hamil-
: ton Square; prices reasonable. S. T. Taylor
• system. ...
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory.- 110 Taylor.
'_ PAY AND CONTRACT WORK.
WHEELER & WAGNER want " contract* and
Jobbing of all kinds; estimates furnished:
• lowest prices. 1441 Ellis. st., near Webster;
phone Pine 617.
EDUCATIONAL. ,
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned ; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
. $50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America.; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
— THE LYCEUM. an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical college;
ref " Professor Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post : st., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. F. Business College. 738 Mission st.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng., Math, etc., day and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkin st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pao. Bus. Col.
ENGINEERING — elec., mm.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est". 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Pest St.
Established 1863; largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2126 Cali-
fornia st. ; . Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3, 1905.
— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
•aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
FIRST-CLASS lady pianist ' would like few
more pupils. 28 Laskle at., off Mission.
Arith.,gram.,bookkpcr,shorthand,ss mo. ;day,ev<s.
lndiv. lnstruc. Western Bus. CoL, 1281Mkt,n.9th
Thorough French tuition, beginners or advanced;
home cr studio. Mme. Osborn, 1460 Hyde.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2105 Golden Gate aye. ; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert, 217 Parrott building.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorny by mail and per-
sonally. - Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
• PARTINQTON'S, 424 Pine st.^Night class.
SPANlSH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Post; est. 1S71; ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.. *
"A ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. - 426 ■ Powell st. ; tel. Main 6752.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese • help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeara.
■ Tel.". Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT wait ted— r___.z,_.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes few more
' engagements by the day or. take work home.
 4 Morse " place, off Broadway, near.' Leaven-
worth st. .-"
A YOUNG girl wants : position to assist with
.■> housework; references. 138 McAllister st.
Phono South 1162. .~
COMPETENT elderly woman wishes place to
- do : light housework; city or short distance
'country ; wages $7. ; 638 Green st. : .
WANTED— Position aa stenographer by young
lady; 2 years' experience; salary $50. Box
. 6841., Call ;of flee. .-
A NEAT smart girl wants second work; excel-
' lent i references. 138 McAllister st. Phone
: South 1162. -. .-"-..-..- , _-. . ''•-;•-■:...
EXPERIENCED waitress (Eastern) or cham-
:"• bermaid wishes position in private American
family. 405 , Fifth st.
, A WOMAN" with a child wants position; house-
i -work*. . email ; wages. : 324 • Mason st. Phone
;-.': Black 2396. V •"■
YOUNG , woman 1 wants cooking and ■ down-
stairs work; % references. 138 McAllister st.
, Phene South 1162. :. - ;- ■
RELIABLE* ■ middle-aged woman would like a
' place ,to '. do : general - housework. 311 Locust
1.-; aye., off ; Franklin st. .-• . . ; ' .
RESPECTABLE ; woman «s« s wants ■-; housework;
--, city ior country: Is ; good t plain cook; wages
$15. with car fare. Address box 6210. ; Call.
WOMAN -': with a • child ' wishes ; work; country
■; preferred -. adult '; family. ' ■ 630 Howard ' st.
.WOMAN with ; a \ child *, wants % position house-
keeping. Call 165 Ninth st.
YOUNG ; woman ; wishes i change occupation:
: '; wages ■ $7- a ; week; no canvassing or house-
_ work. ?■> Box • 5853, -, Call. V. : v : . - ,t '<
RELlABLE 'elderly German; woman would like
- ".« to \ take /;are of child : after : 10 a. , m. ; ; small
compensation. Box 5852. • Ca11.'. .-- - ■■■:.-;■.-.
YOUNG woman from country desires .general
housework; second; work; willing." Box 5318
".':. Call j office. • -■-•-.- ,; !•,-. *.--- ; . -/ --.-.;, \ '
RESPECTABLE woman with a ' little ; child
-i wishes to assist; in light housework for room
and board.'; Box 6179,! Call office. •- ; ', ,
YOUNG ' Swedish '■> girl ? wishes general house-
- Work. : Box : ">S39, Call.
- : : - ■- . ■" -.■-.•'■-.■
c
laaTtOTnawrtjirMrrax^romaj^—coa
YOUNG woman would like a position as com-
panion to invalid lady or child: or would take
entire charge of house; thoroughly com-
petent; references exchanged. Bos t-U.
Call office. . ,
YOUNG colored girl wishes situation as maid
and seamstress or chambermaid or waitress
of laund™£ iT M? B. JORDAN. 1006 Clay st.
YOUNG German woman wants situation: Is
experienced cook; wages no less than $->0-
Address Hi Day St.. near Church.
A' PROTESTANT lady wants a place as
A housekeeper or care for invalid. Apply 850
Folsom St., city.^ ; [ *
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a posi-
tion as a cook; city or countrj. l»0^
Ninth St. m
YOUNG English trained nurse desires ens-age-
nvnts confinement cases: reasonable; highest
references. MRS. J- 426 Lily aye.
WOMAN wants general housework by week or
day. washing or housecleanlng. Please call
or address 1057 Folsom st. _______
A SCIENTIFIC masseuse would like position
lr. hospital or sanitarium or would take a
few more private cases. MISS C. WX_-
COX. 3044 . Sacramento st. .
LADY of refinement. Intelligence and expe-
rience wants position as chaperon to one
three or five young ladies traveling. Box
89»6. Call office.
CASHIER and office assistant desires posi-
. tion; has been 1.2 years with present firm,
who are retiring from business. Al refer-
ences. Box 5683. Call office. ■
A RESPECTABLE young woman would like
another engagement as nurse for ladles in
confinement; willing to do light housework.
reference given. C. A., box 5628. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German widow wishes posi-
t ion as housekeeper, or nurse for invalid.
Address 1121 Stanyan St.; phone Waller 523.
NEAT young German girl wishes position for
housework in German family. Apply l*-l
Mission st. . _
ELDERLY lady wishes to keep house for
widower; no washing; or care for child. Call
or address 1777 Stockton st. -
WANTED— as cook. 11151. Bryant
: street. -^
YOUNG girl would like position to take care
of children. Call 1015 Franklin st.
REFINED German, experienced in housework
and sewing, wants position. Box 6030. Call.
PLAIN sewing. 638 . Chestnut st.
LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 7931. - . ■ -
LADY of good appearance wls"hes position In
. .physician's office. Box 5454. Call office.
LADY wishes position to take charge of room-
ing-house. Box 5446, Call office.
JAPANESE girl wants position as cook or
housework; good reference. TAKATA, 518
Jessie st. ~ . ' -_
YOUNG Japanese girl who has just come
from Japan wants a position as schoolgirl In
small family; city. H. NAKASAKA. 811
Stockton at. 1 . .
YOUNG Japanese girl wants position in small
family. Address 3. HOIMOTO, 640 Pine st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta
EMPLOYMENT WAHTSO — MAT,-.
RELIABLE, Industrious man. under middle-
age, no incumbrance, first-class trained
nurse and masseur, seeks permanent position
with Invalid, nervous or mental patient; any-
' where; massage or any modern treatment;
also good driver, barber and experienced
traveler; . responsible references: low terms
for permanent good home. Box 5540. Call.
AA — A COMPETENT, experienced man wishes
■ position; used to care of horses, garden;
handy with tools; good references. Box
6056, Call office.
A HANDY young man wishes situation around
any place of business; baker's helper, eleva-
tor man. carpenter's helper; wages no ob-
ject; references. Box 5844, Call.
STEADY man; handy with tools, experienced
porter, houseman. Janitor, or bandy man
about any or private place; moderate wages;
good home. Box 5830. Call office.
AN experienced man desires a position In gen-
eral store grocery and bar; city or country.
Box C 033. Call. *
STEADY, reliable young man wants employ-
ment with chance of promotion; not afraid
of hard work. Box 5837. CalL
EXPERIENCED waiter would like position In
good family. Address Japanese Mission. 2316
California st.
A HANDY young man would like a position at
any kind of work; can run elevator. Box
'5843. Call office.
WOODWORKER, planerman, also handy on
other machines, wants work In open shop;
city or country. Box 6212. Call.
ALL-ROUND handy man, mechanical, wishes
situation: hotel, resort or Institution. Box
f.213. Call office. _-
FIRST-CLASS German barber wants steady
work.- Box 5835, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man. business experience,
speaks English. French, German, seeks work,
clerical or about place, care of invalid, any-
thing; references; small wages. Box 6178,
Call office.
WISH charge of fruit, grain, stock or. dairy
• or poultry ranch; experienced, capable; use
all tools; handy at anything: married; no
children; references. E. X. L.. 636 MeAl-
- lister st. • ■
YOUNG man wants work; understands crude
oil burner, furnace work and running heavy
mill machinery; 2 years' references from last
place. Box 5842, Call. .
YOUNG married couple, neat appearing, ex-
cellent address, Industrious, ' desire . position
of trust, where worth will be appreciated;
Al references: no agents. Box 5529, Call.
A GERMAN, \ middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation as clerk .In grocery etore and
barroom: good references. W. BOHLING,
417 Kearny st. ■
YOUNG married man, with experience la of-
fice and - outside work, would like- position
with reliable firm for whole or part of day.
Box 6180. Call office.
ENGINEER and practical electrician wants po-
. sition where electric . lighting is a specialty;
with present employer eight years; good ref-
erences. - Box 6131, Call office. J
GARDENER , (single) wishes situation; com-
petent In greenhouses, orchard, vegetables;
California experience and references. Box
0001. Call office.
ENGINEER -wishes steady position running
boiler engines, . dynamoes. all-round work-
handy wtth carpenter tools; good references.
316 1 Lancrton at.
POSITION wanted by a young; technical gradu-
' "ate in electrical 1 engineering; best of refer-
ences. L. A. GARY. 1523 Stahton st., Ala-
medo. - - j
UP-TO-DATE business man. 34. seeks posi-
tion of any. kind: good salesman ; handy
mechanic, and has tools; references. Box
5797. Call. .
A BRIGHT, active young salesman, best city
references, wants any steady Inside posi-
tion where advancement can be obtained.
,- Box 6038. Call. .
YOUXG colored man wishes situation In hotel
or . private house; will do most anything.
• Address 127 Second st.
STEADY, honest boy of 16. living with par-
ents. ■ would ■ like to learn machinist trad-.
- Box 1650. Call. ■
BARBER wants Wed., Eat., Sun. or steady
Job. F. SASSO, 644 Filbert st.; tel. Black
■ 6301. -.--'•-* ■
COMPETENT, middle-aged man wlsh-s work
is willing to do anything; speaks both Eng-
lish and German. Address box 5819. Call.
ELECTRICIAN*, willing to take wiring cr line
work; good. references; will go to country
•.:R. F. R.. box 5432. Call office. ""*"">•
GENERAL farm hand; can take care of horses
and milk; can run any kind of machinery
gasoline or steam engine. Box 5649. Call.
MAN and wife wish positions on ranch- wife
good cook and housekeeper, man first-class
: vineyard man; references. Box 6079. Call
GOOD, steady industrious man 'desires a'no-i
'\ tion as teamster or any. laboring work in
 ply 1069 Mission St.. room 36. D "
COMPETENT man with best references would
i like >a , position .as » manager of stock farm
Address J. R. ; M.. 1025 SteJner st. •
YOUNG man desires position with advertising
t - or commercial illustrating company ; can Q I
drawing and ; lettering. ■ Box 6134. Can.
GERMAN. 22 sr>eaks» English. Spanish and
A RELIABLE pharmacist wants position- man"
OaWanl presciiptlon * 13 <> Telegraph ??£
SITUATION 5 wanted— ~ clerk, ' telT-
graph operator. Box 6J.77. Call.
— Kg_O~M~~~ ~ r — ~T~P — Male —
GOOD rotisserie waits* wants dinner or even-
In* job or steady place: speaks English.
French and German. Eox 5073. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS sausagemaker and pork packer.
21 years' experience, wishes work, city or
country. Bos 6100. Call office.
BUTLER— Thoroughly experienced Japanese
boy wishes position in city! or country; has
good reference. Box «o^7. Call office.
MAN, handy with carpenter and electrician" '»
tools, wishes a position; good city reference.
Box C 163, Call office. "
WANTED A position as sales—an, wholesale
or retail: IS years' experience; city or coun-
try. Address A. A. P.. "5 Shipley st. _ _
FLOUR miller, understands roller system, also
millstone dressing desires position: city or
country. Address F. T. 49 Perry at.. 9. F.
MAN just returned from the island, wants
wcrk of any kind; carpenter by trade. Box
5-IS3. Call.
GRADUATED male nurse wishes to take
charge of any kind of invalid, at home or
traveling: best references; speaks German
and French. Call at SOS Sutter st.
MAN wishes work of any kind, on farm or in
city. Box 5t»20. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by ftrst-clas- colored cook
or butler. P. D.. 8:3 Chester St.. Oakland.
VERY good bricklayer wants work by day.
week or contract. Call at 1219 Market st.
BOY of 18 years; good penman; understands
bookkkeeping. Address • 519 Brannan st.
PLANING mill machine hand wants work;
city or country. Box 6036. Call. .
BARTENDER wants work In the city or out.
Address J. T.. box 61f»«, Call office.
YOUNG man wants work as laborer, or any
kind of work. Box 5642. Call office.
YOUNG man would like to learn the carpea-
t«r trade. Box 5357. Call.
WANTED — Position by competent man a* lire-
mac or watchman. Box 5163, Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position In a
small family as* a cook, waiter or house-
work In city, Oakland or Berkeley; wages $7
up a week. Y. 8.." "27 Devlsadero st.
COMPETENT Japanese, first-class cook. d>-
sires a pcsitlon In private family; has -•'•
erences; *« week. FRANK T. 1304 Post
St.; phone Sutter 4132.
JAPANESE boy wants a position. _»ner«!
housework In private family:, good experi-
ence; speaks English. 416 Haight at.; tel.
Fell 3028.
JAPANESE couple want positions in city or
country; man as first-class cook and wife %a
waitress- best reference. J. N., 1001 Larkin
St.. cor. "Post.
JAPANESE man and wife want position*;
man to cook, woman to wait at table: good
references. Apply MISKITANI, 539 Steven-
son st.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as
schoolboy in a calm cart nt Oakland.
FRANK. SO4 Stockton St.. San Francisco.
A JAPANESE excellent laundryman wants a
position In a family; has long experience.
KATO. 1 St. Mary st.
JAPANESE couple want positions: man v*
cc-ok. wife for general housework. F. FUJII.
s.'B> Stevenson st.
JAPANESE wants plain cooking In a family;
city or country; references. H., 1543 Web-
ster St.; phone Jackson 3641.
JAPANESE young boy wants position to Ar>
housework; speaks good English. FRANK
ENDO. 235 Valencia s t.: phone Church 3131.
JAPANESE, young boy. wants position as
schoolboy in small family. Address K.
HIMOTO. «40 Pine st. 
JAPANESE couple want positions; man as
cook, wife to do general housework. 919
Webster st., Oakland.
YOUNG and honest Japanese wants position
to do housework. T. MURATA, Japanese
Gospel Society. 7-5 Geary st.
AN honest Japanese boy wants a position as
school boy; rpeaks well. Y. IWASAKL -0
Harlan place. Grant aye.
JAPANESE boy wishes every afternoon work 1
as short or all afternoon. HENRY, VM
Larkin St.; tel. Mint 3521.
NO wages: a Japanese wishes to" do little
work early mornings for board -and a room.
E. K. G.. 417 Jones st.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position to do any
kind of work every afternoon. Tel. Hyda
2084. FRANK. 869 Geary st.
JAPANESE wants place as cook or house-
worker. HARRY. . 10 S*lina place.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes place in
private family.' LOUIE. 32 Waverly place.
ECZEMA. CUM.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
FINANCIAL.
Realty Syndicate and Continental B.&_ certlfa.
bought. Manhattan Loan Co., Crocker Bldjr.
PLATS TO LET.
— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will say» you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 342-50 Geary
St.. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality: "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company
1039 Market St.. opp. McAllister. —"--»•
SUNSET. Ninth aye., 200 feet from entrance of
park, half mile from park music stand, Two
5-room 525-flats. new modern; 2 $20-stores.
with living rooms; take blue car at foot of
Ellis st. direct without chance.
CORNER Buchanan and Green — New sonny
5-room Cats; modern: main hall and stair-
way carpeted, lit and Janitored: open.
FLAT. 8 rooms and bath. 119 Leavenworth rt.
LOMBARD. 808 — Upper and lower fiats. 5 and
8 rooms: newly tinted: $22 50. $25. $27 50.
1231. BUSH. flat. 3 rooms; bath; boiler; rent
$23. Apply 1223 Bush st.
BUSH. IK.S — 9 elegant large, sunny rooms- for
large family or small boarding house. $42.
SUNNY flat. 28 Cedar aye., near I— rkia
street.
NOE. 156, near Duboce Park— By the 14th,
lower flat of 5 r. and b.; adults; rent $23.
$25; SUNNY baywindow Cat. 9 room*, bath-
roo— . 1710 Washington st.. near Polk.
TO — Two new flat* 8 r. and b. 2508 Polk
street. • —
FLAT S rooms. $12. 283 Natoma St.. near
Fourth.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAO. 118 Montgomery st. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
- 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
PLATS FOB SAX_:— ~"TJ___S__D.
NEWLY furnished 4-room flat with all mod-
ern conveniences. 9t£ Verona place off
Third st. -
EIGHTH. MB— sunny furnished flat of 7
rooms and bath for sale; flne for renting
rooms; rent $2.">; near Market st.
SNAP— S-room flat, all newly furnished; own^r
obliged to leave city, call and Investigate- a »
agents need apply. 1203 O'Farrell st.
NICELY furnished flat of 9 rooms, an oak
furniture-, for sale; reasonable. > IUS Sutter.
$550— RENT paid to March 1; finely furnished
9-roo— flat: central. 717 Sutter.
FLATS TO -usr — r~~jjri~ir~]>.
FURNISHED house; 2302 Clay at . near Flll-
. more; sunny side; 7 rooms, bath, piano;
open 11 to 4. . .
' ===~~— == — — : __ , . ___
•- ' '■ TVHaviwßtji WAjrrxD.
••WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"— We " pay
the most money for furniture, carpets. office
?* £!".?"■ merchandise and houses. MARK J.
•LEVY AUCTION. CO.. 1321 Market St.. be-
tween Oth and 10th. Phone South I". ;v; v
ABE LEVT\
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 751.
Don t sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
HENRY MATER Pays hizhest prices for fur
niture. carpets, etc. 752 Minalon; tel. Bush 313
CALL on Alfred Wol!p*rt. 773 Mission St.. b*-
Tore selling ycur furniture. Phone Red 44t>-
V F~KJIITU__: TO* a___.
A couch $2, bedlounge $2 50; furniture bought
•ola,_chansed. Anderson" s,li>Turk;t9l3o-— — *TO ALL OURSMALL ADVERTISERS-FREE
, SEEP WAK7ED — FEMALE. ;
4 COOKS. Gerraan style, no whim ..S3O-S4O
*-ook. some housework, one lady, city.... s3o 1
Cook for Santa Crux, see lady here ?25 I
V .waitresses tor country hotels $25
liousetclrl. American family . city 535
infant nurse 530;
-<anitress :cr an institution $50
- fcecond girls, city $25 1
Nurse icr grown child, city $25 i
ilous«wot'k, San Anee.mo, little wafhlng.s30 1
-. chambermaids and waiting, country $20
Laundress :or r.n institution $25 1
4U houseglrls for Germa» and American fam- j
i'.ies, city and country $20-$25-$3O i
Aj-Piy to J. F. CHOaETT & CO.. -UltT. I
I3KXXED OPPORTUNITIES COMPANY.
Suite t>s. Chronicle lilds. ; tel. James 2e21.
Office and store clerkF.
Stenugiavhcrs; bookkeeper*, a! ladies.
Department heads for hctels.
GIRLS to learn hslrdresslng- manicuring, etc ;
trade taught from AtoZ in - lea. : tuition
*o to those entering njw; a positions to fill
Immediately; positions guaranteed $10 week
up: only recotrired colleK> of Us kind on
coast: tfay and eve, class. 233 G«ary. r. 13.
'AANTCD — Gir;» to Jearn millinery now for
>l>riug t*>ason; both reasons taught from start
to fin;*h In or.c month for $15; position* as
Trimmer*, a&lefladies. makers, ijuaranteed at !
»10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled at
once. School 143 Stockton et. room 13.
A— LEARN at Pacific Hairdressinit School;
whole trade, hairdresslng. manicuring, mas-
nape, etc.; positions waitine. $10 a week up;
cay and evening classes. Is 3 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER.
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS: NO EX- j
PERIENCE NECEEBAP.Y; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI 6TRArSB & CO.. 32*
rREMOXT ST. MR. DAVIS.
M OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY ST«..
SEWING machine OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
EART; STEADY WORK: GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work: 2 adults; 2 grown children; v.-ages $20.
Apply 109 Lyon st.
SWEDISH or German girl for plain cookinsr;
3 in family; tlZ>. Apply at office. 700 Mc-
Alltftpr bt.: residence on Green st
WORKING housekeeper wanted: no obj»cticn
to one child. Apply 3CO Clementina st.
after 15 o'clock.
GIRLS to learn millinery in 1 mo. for $5; posi-
tions f-aranteed: eve. only. 2->3 Geary, r. 15.
V: ANTED— First-class millinery trimmer. Ap-
V'y bttween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
VV'ANTZr> — Fsnl*her on custom coat", experi-
enced on button holes. 14 Harriet st.
FINISHER wanted on coats. 363 Fifth st.
cor. Clara.
CANVASSERS to r^t orders on good propoel-
tlon; Quick rales; big com. Scott 359 Sutter.
WANTED — German or Swedish girl for general
—work; good wages. lOCS Valencia st.
WANTED— Woman to wait at table in chap-
house. 200 Elehth st. .
WANTED— A girl for housework. Call at
tfckcry. Feventeenth and Dolores sts.
STENOGRAPHER and type* i an excel-
lent opportunity 'or a competent stenog-
rapher doing general work: afsl-t room and
privileges in prominent offlce building given
in exchange for nominal service. Box SSS3.
Cal! efflce.
ALL ■ --s.r.g. manicuring, face maw-ape
and Boalp treatments are free at the MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 648 Sacramento st.
Hcurs I to 4; trade taught
WANTED — Ladles to !e«rs ha!rdre«»irg. man-
icuring, facisl massage and scalp treatment*:
4 weeks complete; expert Instructors: call cr
write. Moler System Co., 643 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Girl to assist In light housework;
raust be good plain cock; wages J2O. $24
Army st.
WANTED— GirI for cocking and housework in
small family; wages $25. Apply ISO 2 Me-
V.llster »t.. cor. Raker.
WANTED-" essploy lady with knowledge of
:ry«le: references required: work cutsi le of
city; $£00 per year. Box 4607. Call office.
YOUNG girl for dining-room -work. Call be-
tween 10 and li. '. Van Ness aye.
PRIVATE as ■■ taught in h&'.rdreseing, men-
:c"jr:r.g; rate* reasonable. ~'JJk Powell St.
ANTED- Ladles to learn the barber trad*. '
€44 Clay st. i
EAKSEKS — Employment and Supplies:
ATTENTION! ——-•-
vre have opened a first-cJa«F barber collecs
in connection with our Los Angeles college ; 8
■weeks completes under our Instructors: wages
paid while learning; positions .-.teed;
:>it its students at half reyular vice; caJi
or write. OILMAN'S COLLEGE. C 27 Clay.
WANTED — Men to learn the barber trade at
the oritfnal JNO. A. MOLERS BARBER
COLLEGE. 644 Clay st; S weeks completes;
positions guaranteed: expert Instruction;
wage* wcUe learning. Call or write (correct
turr.ber) 644 Clay «t.
WANTED — Men to learn the barber trade; 8
weeks completes; petitions guaranteed; ex-
pert instruction*; wages while' learning.
CaU or writ* Moler Col.. 648 Sacramento.
BARBERS wanted — Brown & Sharp No. 0.
No. 1 clippers at $2 50 per pair; best grind-
ers in the city. DECKELMAN BROS., 106
El!la at.
A ENAP — 4-chalr barber shop for sale; good
trade: well fumlfh*d; location best in city.
COLEMAN'g. 7CS Market E t. room 808.
WANTED — Three men to learn barber trade;
absolutely free and will pay you while learn-
:r.p. 751 Mission et.
BARBERS — T*or sale, barber furniture com-
plete fcr 4 chairs. Box 5831. CalL
BARBER shop for sale: owner has other busi-
na— Apply In saloon, 72* Mission st
BARBER chop for sale. Inquire ARONSOHN,
€32 Market at., room 8.
TO be an expert barber go to <3illett> 8choo;
chear>est end culckest. 611 Commercial St.
KELP WAJTTED—
~ AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
301-302 Starr King bldg.. 3d floor. 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions Secured for
Office men. Assistant bookkkeepers.
Bookkeepers. Hotel clerks.
Stenographers. Timekeepers.
Office .j-.gers. Railroad clerks.
Correepondect clerks. Collectors.
Accountants. Bill clerks.
Buyer*. Shipping clerks.
Traveling aaleamen. Law office clerks.
Manager for d<-pt. stores. Entry clerks.
Cashiers. Cigar clerks.
Credit men. Pry goods clerks.
Secretaries. ~ Receiving clerks.
General 'fire and commercial work in all
lines of busines*. Offices in other cities.
AppJy American Commercial Bureau,
201-302 Starr King bldg.. 3d floor. 121 Geary. I
_ ___ ,
A HOTEL taker. $46 and f«und; *cc party in I
our otfice JO x. m. tf»-day. J
C. R. HAICSEN & CO 429 Bush at.
MAN about place handy with tools: 2 ma-
chine miners. $3 day: brick setter, $2 50 day;
clay temperer,- $2 ..' day: cook for small
mine. «35 and found; and others. J. F.
CROfcJE.IT & CO.. C2B Sacramento rt.
UNITED OPPORTUNITIES COMPANY.
BotT 05 Chronicle bldg; telephone James 2021.
Office and «tore olerks.
HaJrsmen and notkkeepers.
Hose] help, city, country.
AMBITIOUS yosng man to take charge of
branch of local manufacturing company:
rt<-a4!nep* anrt reliability required rather than
* exj*rience; mbma given one In position
to take ttock in company. Box 6WS. Call.
VaNTKD — Two first-class mechanical
drauUitimrn: state experience and references.
Write to Box 200. Epreckeln. Cal.
PLATEN* iwess- feeder wanfed. 809 Mission
■t.. 4th floor.
CANVASSERS to E»"t orders on Rood propo-
sition; quick sales, blu com. Bcott. 359 Butter.
WOOD turner nanted. A. HERFI RTH. 213 '
Mission st. I
WANTED — 3 laborer*: Fourteenth aye. and $f I
ft.. s<?uth; tcke Kr-ntucky-st cars.
BOOTBLACK wanted in barber »hop. 1006 Mis-
sion at.
WANTHD — Mechanical draftsman. 51 Third
ft., room 8. :
COMPETENT, reliable advertising men: to
iroch, good openfng. Address Box 5551, Call.
WANTED — Boy, 16 years, 6y a dentist. Box
f>&2. Call ofhee.
CHAM for -nn» man out of work to
make money. Box ££18, Call office.
WAHTID — KALE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
_., „*~ Phone Main 5848.
THfc. RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
- a, RIGHT OF MAX TO WORK,
i-tadlnir Employment and Labor Agents.
W.ooy\\ork. . increase • 1.000
farm hands, ranch teamsters and chortmen
" and boys. $15 to $33 and found.
I milkers and dairy men, $30 to $40 found.
l«?•>l «?•> d wUe - :ruit ranch. Placer County,
v;;*- cooks.
v, cook? - Walter». porters and kitchen
nands. other places, $20 to $7.'. and found.
itcll boys. «»levatcr boyt«.
.. FOREMAN.
-"an to take charge of marble quarry; see
boss here; good wage*.
Marr.egsrr.aker, camp, north, see boss here,
U SO flay.
Mar. and wife, email farm. Placer County,
f-5 found.
Farmer and wife, good ranch, south, $50 fd.
■J^a;-) io run chicken ranch on shares; Bee
bo»s here.
Woodworker, city Job. $■■'. day.
„. SPECIALS. '
\. on<x turner and band tawver. country plan-
ing rrjll J.I lay
Baker. <Mty shop. $17 week.
Tinsmith, ranch, iight- work, $2 day.
BUTCHER— SEE BOSS HERE.
Butcher, large company boarding-house,
f->0 ■ nd. I
Cook, institution, i*-ar city, gee boss here,
?35 found. \
Gardener, jobbing work city. $40.
MURRAY & READY. 634-G3B Clay St.
YOUR chance; quick money; 1 trade quickly
learned that nets BOc to 7.V per hour: mall
Instructions complete. $1; no trifier? WAT-
BON, trade agent. C 42 Folsom St.. S. F-, Cal.
WANTED- to prepare for railway mail,
internal revenue and custom-house positions;
frte catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute. Grant bids.. 10V." Market; open evngs.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
aided 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third *t . 250 rooms; Ue to BOe per night.
WANTED— Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-
.78 Easton are.. St. Louis. Mo.
GREEN hands, blacksmiths carpenters, for
steam whalers, north for summer at HER-
MAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
WANTED— vrfter for an out of town de.
partment itore; state experience. Apply box
SS24. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS spotter wanted at New Pa-
risian Dyeing and Clerking Works, 2104 Foi-
«om st.
WANTED — Man of eood address to travel for
reliable house; small cash security; references
required. Address box 271. Sacramei.to. Cal.
THY our men's aboes. union made; $1 and $1 50
fair, foot-form shoes $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st, Exam. bid. : open till 9 p.m.
WANTED— Men to fill SOO rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses elec-
tric light in every room. CSI Howard.; M.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. 671 Mission et . bet. Ist and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third Et.. Examiner building.
SALESMAN on comm'sslcrr* for wholesale and
retail coffees. te«s. eplces. extracts. 25 Main.
WANTED— Toting man to work lor his tuition
in Si P. Barber School. 741 Howard st
LAEOR debt* collected; rults. attachments.
Law & Adjuytmect Co.. 43 Second st. r. 022.
FAILORS and young men ;?reen hands) for
t:-.ip«. HALLBERT. .V.7 Jackson st.
12EN to learn the detective business; paid
v.l!> learning. CO7 Market Et. room 104.
PEXSIO3I atty.. E. A. Eullls. r. 40. Phelan bid
Fast Cera. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
MEN* wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are re-
;;aired by machinery: sewed sole? 10 m!n..75c,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms: He night; reading rooms;
free 'bug and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
A DVERTIEEMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ALL sizes men's shoe*, slightly damaged, half
Trice. ■'*' Mission at. bet. In and 2d >•».
_^ SOLICITORS.
WANTED — Solicitors for a good thing; both
sexes. Apply to W. F. RODGERS. 1806
Ellia »t.
TAIX.ORS — Employment and Supplies.
TAILORS wanted — To have shears ground.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale — Two first-class delivery wagons In
the best of condition, made by O'Brien &
Sons, also 2 seta double harness: property of
I loos Bros.; can be seen at Blumenan &
Newman's. 731H Minna st
RETIRING from business ; they have raised
our rent; harness, saddles, robes, blankets,
whips, buggies, wagons; everything at cost;
row Is your time. Ean Francisco Saddlery
Co., entrance 517 Market st.
AT a bargain— delivery wagons of all sizes.
15 fine 4-sprlng business buggies, 6 rubber-
tired runabouts, 7 surreys. 5 camp wagons
1 fine rubber-tired victoria, all kinds of har-
ness from $7 up at Klelber's, 1503-5 FoUom.
FOR SALE. '
Draught stallions weighing ever a ton;
prices and term* to suit the times. For
particulars address THEO SKILLMAN. El
Verano, California.
THE quarterly bulletin of 6. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY.Pres., 010 Golden Gate.
MARE for sale; 8 years old; child can drive
. her; rood hajßf animal. Box 519€. Call.
WANTED— A good driving horse. Box 5204,
Call office.
HEAVY buggy for tale. Box 0197. CalL
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
CARLOAD gentle business, buggy and livery
borseß. E. STEWART & CO.. 220 Valencia.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons col/1 eh«»aD. 16SO Mission st . nr. 13th.
HOUSES TO LET.
— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr.
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO 20 Montgomery.
6- ROOM house, bath; stationary wash tubs; sun
all day; rent reduced $25. Apply on premises,
1224 Filbert Bt, near Hrde-st. car line.
BROADWAY. 1932, nr. Laguna— Eight rooms,
bath;- marine view; rent $42 60.
- HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
2502 CLAY St.. near Fillmore, 7 rooms, bath
end piano. Open 11 until 4. Sunny side.
HOUSES FUSNISHID — TOM SALE.
FELL. 29, near Market and Tenth — 6 rooms
and bath; rent $25; well furnished in oak;
new carpets; part housekeeping; clears ex-
penses; $350.
FOR tale — Furniture of 0- room houFf; full of
good roomers. Call 1-5 p. m.. 18 Franklin.
— SNAP — Doarotown 9-room house; fine lo-
cation for renting rooms. 313 Taylor Bt
COTTAGES TO LET.
2931 PIERCE; swell modern cottage, 9 rooms,
including attic: 7 ft basement, cement floor.
Yard and garden. Will be vacant Mar. Ist
INVESTMENTS.
A— TO INVESTORS. -.-.
We off«r a great opportunity to realize 100
per cent In 00 days; we are authorized by
board of directors of Florence Ext«n«ion
Mining Co. of Tonop&h, New, to sell lim-
ited number of shares (treasury stock) at 15c
per share, for development; par value, $1;
Bend in orders at ence. Call or write J. W.
JAQUITH A CO.. room 878. Jam on Flood bid.
JIU-JITSU SCHOOL.
NIPPON School of ■ num. 12S1 Market st.
Siajeetic 1 !r. ; expert Japanese Instructors.
LOST AXri> rotrtra. '
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco In the
name of JULIUS FORBRICH; No. 214-1005.
The finder will iiliase return to bank.
LOST — Between Hotel Pleaeanton and Mason
M . diamond eunbuirt pin. Finder will be
liberally rewarded "by returning to Hotel
Pleasanton, Butter and Jones st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of : Kan Francisco In the
titm* of CAROLINE KAYSER, No. 276-1285.
The finder will pleaee return to bank.
LOST — Corker spaniel. puppy, white on breast,
from 019 Ashbury at., about noon hour Feb.
7: liberal reward.
LOST— 81) i rd dog; license i;. r .L'»; nair.e Kover;
liberal reward. 730 Fulton st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9. 1905.
I; F TO SMALL AD PATRONS'! I
I D iv!p An /"Mr TTT Y^l ace fh 1
i R —NEAR CUT GLASS— R !
ITU 1 1TT* DI A TTIT 1
g E^ - I ... •'*• ;. . *^ §
s ' ... ....■' 8
O - m f«
' JlT> lff9B^^|J6B3Jßsssßßll^sssssssV^ssssiß'^sssssssssF ■■■■-■■-■■ "•"" ■■ /** ■ ' ■■■■ .•'<"'>'. ■ ■■>*. ■ y ..■■ '/■ #%*■ -''" ■*■ ■" j*^ '*t-^y^??^"^Hi|^B^fegffJ?*^^'^ :^?* tS^*^^ty wS^^pPy^' 1^" '^ '"'-•■ 4" "'" "' ; V'^HbHBI H ?Y
lop ' ' ■** <f I ■■■■■■ ■ /' "*■■■ ■■*^ *■'■■ - ■*_:^.-^:._ -.:.■ j^~n.~- ■* . .-.- j 1 ..:...:. 1 ■■■ ■■ r <»l r v-^V^ •.+> " ■ • .-yMJ^^y •'.■r'J -StJ*;, j'w.i-X 1 *' I *'* "■ •"-"■ : •;■■■■■ ■■ ■•&& '%■ ■ OE?
Vs^ *fitf&S2*le%& jJzttF*- *Xy "*^Jr^Krii'Hr*^rSf' '-V; *■ vfc ■ \ •aJ^'"- '■ ■' *""**' '*.■:■.-> & -■-■- i '^V "■ "' "- ■«-"■*■ ■ jj *Jm<!'S '" jf^f '" J '^ ' *".■'■■■•„--* ■■'-% -■ *■' '-"•" *■ ' J^bsbl <T>
4 f ' J^j^j^f 1 4 ,*~£ri]? f?Sl^f?- **^^"** i SCf^?JFß^> ' "'" >A* ' \ '"^" ' ' ' ' ■'" '" *■■■■■■" 't*^ -■"■■■.■■.■■ -. «#■■■ ■■ ■. v* ■■■ .■■ I * ll ;■■■■■ . . , * j^fca^ "■ v^ JssssßsPlssP^sssssf B^Kssssssssl J*ST
_ — - g
§ Cut glass is the diamond of tableware. It is the richest adorn- g
S ment of table decoration. Near cut glass is the latest product of §
8 mechanical genius. Its resemblance to hand cut glass is marvelously §
S accurate. Its fire and color is almost equal to the highest grades of >^£" «
a '™* expensive '-cut glass. The fruit plate we offer this week to our small §
8 ad patrons is of an entirely new pattern and an article never §
g. previously displayed or sold in this market. .§
§ Free to any person presenting a small ad at our office §
I Thursday, Friday or Saturday 1
FOR s
I THE SUNDAY CALL 1
I Call Business Office, Third and Market Streets 1
I OAKLAND- OFFICE— IOI6 BROADWAY 1
LOST AND rOTnTD— Continued.
LOST — In Chutes Theater, Sunday
atternoon; size 3 1 ,ix4H. Return to 358
■ Golden Gate aye.
LOST — Diamond bar pin. 10 diamonds; liberal
reward. 603 Montgomery St., upstairs.
LOST — Sunday last, on Hyfie-st. car, opal
pin. Reward, 2500 Clay st.
LOST— poodle bitch. Reward, 1111 El-
llg st. • '
LAUNCHES tOU HIBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMAN from the East, lawyer by pro-
fession, under 40, wants to meet a lady of
means: object matrimony. Box 5&50. Call.
MATTRESSES AKD PILLOWS.
TO order — renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS., 1432-34 Howard st. ; phene South 210.
I MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their Bex can find
Immediate relief by j consulting Dr. ' White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has put
him at the head. He guarantees relief or no
DR.' WHITE. 702 Market st. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE-
LIABLE graduate pnyslclan. When in trou-
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten-
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re-
sults or no charge; sanatoriim if desired; ad-
vice free: call or writ". Hours, 9-9. . Est. 14
yrs. DR. R. H. WESTON, • office 30(5 Kearny.
X— DR. E. G. WEST, the old reliable specialist
for women; hrs. 1-*. ' 805 Kearny st., room 1.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELIr-All who are lick or
in trouble, consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the mont difficult cases treated;
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi-
soning drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of Irregularity: by consulting me
save time and money.* Advice free. Office.
1018 Market at — . .
MKS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles- and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 Market St., opp. sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ■ specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' . experience. 944 Post st
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSOOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and . Broadway,
Oakland. ' - • ■ , ■ ' ■* •
-MRS DH. GWYER. BIIA Leavenworth st, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR and MRS. DA VIES and' Hindoo Herbs,
. original method of treatment. 1226 Market
MRS DR. ALLEN.' ladles', specialist, removed
from HIS Market st. to 838 Mission, near 4th.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2SWS Folsom st., corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief or no fee: $10. - >
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to ,' any address ■In tbt
United States or . Canada' one ; year, for -f 1.
MISCEIiIiANSOtTS — FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps, I
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. B. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
■ Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic P.cof Paint and I
Roofing Cement will stop -small leaks. I Write |
us about it. Elaterlte Roofing Co.. 713 Market. ,
j FOR sale— and second-hand billiard and
pool tables: easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix- I
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER, 652 Mission st.
AT Tea and Crockery Store. 1037 Market st.
National cash register, counter, scales, ta-
bles, desk and office chair, counters. Fair-
bank platform scale, tea and coffee caddies,
■ etc. • ■ ' - • - :■-■■■ ■■ ■■•■
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry sold on credit
by paying one— fifth down, balance payable at
your own convenience. Pacific Jewelry Co,,
21 Stockton st, second floor.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. ; WHITELAW. 263-255 Spear st. . .
HANDPOWER pipe threading machine, % to 2
Inches lln I good running order; cheap. : (523
' Golden Gate aye.; ■
GAS engine, turret lathes, brass finisher's
lathe, engine lathe. Box IC3B, Call office,
Oakland. v |
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full drew. '
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER, I
21 Stockton st (formerly at Palace Hotel).
■ TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot- form shoes at S2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d Bt., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
j BOILERS, engines. : 2d-han<3 machinery. McIN -
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 106-197 Fremont st .
i 2D-HAND building material, cheap; 3500- gal.
tank. J. B. FRENCH, NE. cor. 15th-Valencla
TEAS, coffees, spices, extracts, baking powder;
wholesale and retail. ARGONAUT, 25 Main.
SAFES and desks at nearly cost; must make ■
- room. Richardson . Bros.. 128 New Montgmry.
SAFES and "cash 'registers: new and seoond-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st
t A- VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar- |
galn at Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st
iraln at Portland Jewelry Co., Stockton |
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash. I
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market
MOVINO-plctures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and - second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
•all slaes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
■ ■ * „
ROOMS papered, |4 up; tinting, painting.
. Hartmann Paint Co., 819 Third: W. Main 413.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA— prices for ladles'. gents' cast-
oft clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladles', dress-
es, gents' clothes. 122 Folsom; , tel. Jessie 446.
Highest prices paid . for ladles' and gents' cast-
off clothing. Til ton. 154 9th: tel. Jessie 8916.
AT once, wicker >or sole ; leather • trunk good
condition. Box 6157. ••- Call; ■■'■:■■ . .
DIAMONDS ' and ' precious • stones ; bougnt ■ for
cash. KARL KBER ft CO., rooms 400-401
1 Adams - bid.. 206 ! Kearny; phone Black 3036.
~~ MONET TO LOAN. ™^ ]ji
—MANHATTAN LOAN ' COMPANY "(Inc.)—
........ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST 5% AND « PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY '.
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds.»
legacies and undivided interests In property
purchased. ■-•'
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5824.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
1 601-002-603 Examiner building-.
• Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. I
Estate, second mortgages, undivided lnter-
ASts. assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. : legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. •
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
I When. You Need Money .
Sete HERMAN MURPHY.
, - WILL LOAN '■
A reasonable amount on
A Ist, 2d or 3d
. . Mortgages on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property,
! Location, etc. . • ■
, ' ■ . Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— *
' Money loaned ■ salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential c.nd courteous treatment;
call ; and get terms. Drake, 45-1 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
978 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branh 1192
Market and 27 Third at. -
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real . estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security, any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 38.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants; teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In 46
, principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott j bldg.
SALARIED people, without security: also on
furn.. estates In probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest Co.. 612 Parrott bid.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; i diamonds ,or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0. .523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
. private, . confidential. <26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at 2 per cent. a month; gold.'
„ . silver, -■ diamonds, - pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ON notes. salaries, etc. United Loan & Trust
Co.. 21' Stockton St.. ; second floor.
DON'T borrow money :on salary until you see
■ us. Huttcm Credit Co., 012 Mutual Bank bid.
2 PER i cent per month 'on valuables. ' ' Port-
land Jewelry Co.,- 28 Stockton st.
MONEY loaned on mining and oil stocks.
-(VILLIAM HINKEL & CO.. 326 Pine st.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California St.. rooms 14 and 13.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. ■ DISCOUNT
- AGENCY. 12&- 127 Phelan bldg. Private.
STAR Loan ' Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
;• employee. Room 311, • Mutual Say. , Bk. • bldg
ALL loans en I diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up ; no removal :
1 no com. r V. , TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st
CASH | loaned salaried people on ' notes without
;-. lndorser. : MORRELL, 609 Examiner bide
MOSEY WASTED.
$300 TO $75,000 for first-class mortgage loans.
DU RAY SMITH. Broker. 426 Tenth St..
Oakland.
MPSICAIi UrBTRTTMEITTS.
ABSOLUTELY iowtst prices and best value;
Wadsworth upright. $35; Fischer upright,
$96; Gibson upright. $115: Chlckerlng up- j
right, $185; Stelnway upright. $165; 200 oth-
ers rent $2 up, applied on purchase. Install, '■
ments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO., 233-57
Geary' St.. S. F. . 1252 Broadway. Oakland.
A BUNCH Op BARGAINS—
2 nice small uprights for practice $33
1 fine Weber, good order. . : $70
Also 1 Jawell Arlon. Mendelssohn. Ster-
ling, Vose, Chickering, Weber and many oth-
ers from $135 up. Easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ * SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
BEST Inducements; best selection of stock.
" Over 10 years' experience renting pianos.
Good uprights, $2 and $2 50 per month.
One year rental allowed.
The best Instruments in the city for $3 month.
SCOTT- CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st
A SMALL Stein way upright; cost $300; $IS3
takes It. 237 Geary st. ■ -
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and fur-
. niture. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market st
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square, $20. HORNUNG 216 McAllister st j
ELEGANT uprights.new * 2dh*nd.s*s to $300. I
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts. j
SOHMER Byron Mauxy pianos. Cecellan piano I
player. ' BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st. }
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly Day- i
ments. BCHMITZ ft CO.. 16 McAllister st. '
'■ 1
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand
Shonlnger little used. Keeffe's. 255 O'Farrell.
. OmOlß aHP STORES TO LET.
RENTS reduced: offices to let; 289 Post corner
Stockton: all light rooms; Janitor and eleva-
. tor service. - .
PEBSOXAX.S.
MME. GILLINGHAiI removes wrinkles, etc.
from your face. Ladles with one side the
face treated can be seen dally. 143 Stockton
st. I can show faces treated by myself 4 !
and 5 years ago. Home for patients.
Write for booklet
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists' .hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy C0..153S Polk.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rug», silk portieres, dealer in
carpet twin* in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. G«o. Matthews, 70» Fifth st. Oakland.
RUG 3 made from old carpets; Ingrain, Brus-
sels, tapestry and moquette: chenille curtains
. woven into new rugs. Fluff. Rug Factory.
862 Market st. Oakland; take West ath car.
"REXRADIO" has R-E-M-O-V-E-D to larger,,
superior OFFICES; "new" ADDRESS an-
nounced shortly.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Flllmore St.; phone Oeary 2033
AT 'less than cost; uncalled- for suits, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'.
London Tailor. 721 Market at.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for *7 Z<>
down -and $1 50 per week.. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Powell.
PRIVATE detective work done in or out city;
reasonable, confidential. Phone Polk 3699.
BEAR-OLA shine with me; be a good fellow;
Bear-Ola Shoe Polish.
SPARROW Jewelry Co. has moved to 18 Mc-
Alllster st; old gold bought
/ — — '
BELLE-OUDRY Is not a lady.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
CATARRH, all kinds, cured: free until Improv-
ed. Call or write DR. WILLIAMS. 140 Geary.
MENDING BUREAU— I7I4*4 Polk St. Clota-
lag neatly mended.
EAST Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton. 233 Oeary. room 38.
$1 A WEEK: salts to order $13 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market st. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In - flee clothing
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suits $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN St CO.. 733 Mkt
A BRANCH office of Th« Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
, nrraicxAirs ASP gTTaOEOIfS.
DRTc^cTo'DONNELL—Offlce and residence,
102 m Market st. bet 6th and- Tth; particu-
lar attention paid to disease* of women.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cure; new methods; on« week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham. 9 Powell *t
REMOVED — DR.". WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leaven
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — dl*-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
PATXJTTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
_ FaoposAl|S>
OFFICE C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.. February. 7, 1905. The U. S. oilers
for sale two Stern Wheel Steamers at Fort
Gibbon. Alaska, and one Steam Launch at
Fort St Michael, Alaska- Sealed proposals
therefor will be received here or by the
Quartermasters at the Pests mentioned until
2 o'clock p. m.. Pacific time. April Oth. 1903,
and then opened. Proposals must be In du-
plicate and accompanied by a certified check
equal to 25 per cent of the amount of the
bid. Separate price will be stated for each
boat The boats can be Inspected at the
posts mentioned. For further information
apply here. U. S. reserves the right to re-
ject or accept any bid or any part thereof.
Proposals must be signed by bidder. Inclosed
in sealed envelope, marked '•Proposals for
boat" and addressed to Quartermaster. Fort
Gibbon, or Fort St. . Michael, or to F. O.
Hodgson. C. q. M. ■■ ' -
PROPOBALB for Public Buildings— Office Con-
structing Quartermaster. San Francisco.
Cal. February 6, 1905. Sealed proposals. in j
triplicate, subject to the usual condition*, j
will be received at this office until 11 o'clock
a m . Pacific time March S. 1905. and then
opened in the presence of bidders, for the
construction plumbing, heating and electric
wiring of a barrack for one company of
coast artillery at Fort Baker. . Cal. Infor-
mation furnished on application to this office;
also to the office of the Depot Quartermas-
ter Seattle Wash., and Portland, Ore. The
United States reserves the right to accept
or reject any bid . received, or - any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
must be Indorsed "Proposal for Public Bui: 1-
Ing at Fort Baker. Cal.," and addressed to
CAPTAIN W. C. WREN. Quartermaster.
U. 8. Army. Phelan building. San Fran- j
ciaco. Cal. -
SEALED proposals will be .received at the
office of the Lighthouse Engineer, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. until 12 o'clock m.. March 3.
'*1905. and then opened, for the construction
of a ■ keeper's dwelling, fog-signal house,
with machinery, etc., at ' Piedraa Blam .is
Light Station, . Cal.. In accordance with
specifications, » copies .of which, with blank
proposals and other Information, may be
had upon application to Lieutenant Colonel
THOMAS H. HANDBURT. Corps of En-
-glneers. U. 9. A.. Engineer.- ■ . >•_
3TOE AOE AW WiXUXOUtSS.
A— EMPORIUM Storage* Van Co. ; furniture]
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st. nr. Third; phone Main 31.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Dnimra st. ;
phone Main 31: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 371.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving- Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st; phone Jackson 281.
BE KINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
TTFJBWBZTZXS AND nTPniES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California at.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, recalr-fl.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 M
A WAT to health: mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free: write for it
VIA VI CO.. Van Ness. Pbon* East 282.
SEAZi ESTATE — CTT-rOS SALS.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. »
AUCTION.
AUCT
AUCTIi 'N'
Following properties of the estate of JOHX
PFORR. deceased, will be offered at our sales-
room. 20 Montgomery st. Tuesday. February
14. 1905. at 12 o'clock noon. Subject M con-
firmation by the Superior Court:
971-7 McAllister st and tSBO-6 Ash aye..
near Buchanan st 2 three- story dwellings of
ID rooms and bath each. and 4 two- story
dwellings of 6 rooms and bath each; rent»
$152. Portion of lot fronting McAllister st.
not built upon: lot £2:<Sxl2U
769 McAllister St.. near Gougb. 2-story
dwelling of 10 romos and bath, rents $47 60;
lot 25x137;6.
1179-81-3 Oak st. near Broderlck: 3 two-
story dwellings of 8 » rooms and bath each;
rents $77 50; lot 50x110.
253-5 Tehama st .. near Fourth; 2 dwellings
of ♦> room* each; rents «29; lot 2BxBo.
242-4 V* Clementina st. ; 4 tenements of 4-3
rooms each; rents $10; lot 07:6x50.
246- Ms Clementina st-: 3 ten-merits of 5-4
rooms each; rents $23 50; lot 25iS0.
248- * i Clementina st; 2 tenements of 3-3
rooms each: rentp $22; lot 23:«xS0.
260-2 i a Clementina st: 4 tenements of 4-3
rooms each; rents $40; lot 39xS0
Outside land block SKH excepting 1 lot Xlii
xIOO.
N'W. corner 30th ay*. and J st: 82:6x100.
Block 1. Mission and Thirtieth at*,) Ex.
H.J Union.
Portion of block 2. Mission and Thirtieth
sts.; Ex. Hd. Union.
Block 3. Mission and Thirtieth sta. ; Ex. Kd.
Union.
Block 4. Mission and Thirtieth sts. ; Ex. Hd.
Union.
Lots 7-12 to 16 block 3 Mission and Thir-
tieth it*. ; Ex. Hd. Union.
Block 8. Mission and Thirtieth sU. . Ex. Hd.
Union.
Block 9. Mission and Thirtieth sta.; Ex. Hd.
Union.
Block 10. Mission and Thirtieth sts.: Ex..
Hd. Union; rented nominally for $10 per mo.
Block 11. Mission and Thirtieth sts.; Ex. Ha.
Union.
. Block 12. Mission and Thirtieth sts. ; Ex. HcL
union.
Lot 5. block 14 Mission and Thirtieth st*.:
Ex. Hd. Union.
Lots 16-17. block 47 Sunnyslde Tract
Portion of block 3. Academy Tract
Seventeen lots in block 67 Excelsior Home-
stead Tract.
Lot 13 of block 3 College Homestead.
Lot 11. block 4. College Homestead.
Lots 19-20. of block 12. College Homestead.
Lot 8 of block 13. College Homestead.
Lots 56-7 of West End Tract
Portion of block E. Mission Street Land Co.
Lots 1-2. block L. Mission Street Land Co.
Lots 29-30-31 of block N. Mission Street
Land Company.
Lots 21 -2». block Q Mission Street Land Co.
Lots 37 of block S Mission Street Land Co.
Lot 3 of block 25. West End Map No. 2.
Bernal Rancho. 3% acres, close to the In-
tersection of San Bruno and Railroad avea.
For catalogue and further particular* apply
at our offlce. -
G H. UMB3EX * CO.. 20 Montgomery at.
W. J. ;' \n
": Vx;B3o CALIFORNIA STREET.
Savings Union Buildir.g.> .*:. .
$240 per foot and under. Pacific Height",
marine view lots. Beautiful building sites «a
east sld« of street, ncrth of Pacific avemi*.
having th» sun front and rear. All street
work done; sightly and elevated: theicholcest
and cheapest lota offered; 34 feet frontag*
by 137.6 in depth, or any sia* that is required,
offered at one half the price that lot* are
held at en Pacific avenue, and with a pan-
oramic view.
$300 per foot, N. E. cor., the sunny cor.,
and most sought after. All street work
don« and accepted, with a marine view that
is a picture. Will sell 57x105. Close to tbla
lot a corner just sold for $500 per foot.
Union st. sunny side. 2 lot:* 27.6x110.
ready for building, we will give a bargain;
fine buy for a builder; marine view, must b«
sold. "
$175 per foot. Vallejo st. 2 sightly lots. S4x
137.6; fine marine view; street bltumlnlzed;
submit effer.
$4350^ — Union, sunny side. 50x137.6; grand
marine view.
$2000— Filbert, on sunny side. 23x137.6. with
L In rear 30x100.
$1600 each. Filbert, sunny side, lot* 23x120.
to street In rear.
CHEAP PROPERTIES NORTH OF THB
PARK.
$1100 each. 2 lots, 11th aye.. east side, near
Clement. 25x120.
$2500— Lake st. cottage and lot, 27 ft.
frontage, on sunny side.
$1200 — B at., on sunny side. 25x100; near
7th aye.
$1550 — Lake st. lot. 27. feet frontage, on
sunny side. . •*
$3'JOO — 21st aye.. 90x120; grand marina
▼lew ; near Lake.
$2000 — 21st aye.. 80x120; fine marine view
lot; near Lake.
— 10th aye., near Clement, 28x120.
$110©— 7th aye.. east side, near B. on th«
grade. 25x1 2a
' 7th aye., large corner. 57:6x100. near Park:
a splendid cor. to Improve with store and
fiats; very cheap. - •
$1150— California, near 10th aye.. »xlo«>;
make offer.
W. J. Gfyy,
630 CALIFORNIA ST. _^
=■ -^w.
AT AUCTION.
THTJRSDAT. February 9. 190*.
At 12 o'clock noon. . . - '-
•k At . our office,
23 POST ST. -'.
PACIFIC AVI.
BUILDING LOTS.
As per diagram.
: I L
PACIFIC AYE. >
"U jMI Ml M I 137:9 '
A* 5 6
!•■•■■ •111 1
1 1 1 - ' 1 i
S
SWELL a
NEIGHBORHOOD. £)
FINE VIEW.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
AUCTIONEERS.
• 23 POST ST.
ONLY THREE LEFT *
$1 28 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
- $228 for choice lota. Excelsior Homeat*a4
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mlsalon-st. electrlo
cars; bound to double In value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine iota, near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location south of Golden Gat*
Park: these are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict: advancing la price rapidly, i --,-.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Mala lit*.
$7000—1 ALMOST new flats. 4 and 9 rooms
each; rent $S3: latest Improvements; 60 feet
front: X lot. 90 feet east of Mission st. : 3. 4.
6 and 3 West aye.. or 32d st.; bank mortgage
$5000 can be secured at 6 per cent; see prop-
erty. DOLAN CO.. owners. 24 Montgomery.
TWO excellent new flats for sale; on east ald«
of Diamond st. . between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth: rents $600 a year; open for In-
spection. D. CONDON, builder, on premises.
FOUR or 5 room modern ootUfaa; wooden
mantels: latest plumbing, tiling, etc; near
Folsom-st electric cars; only $100 cash re-
quired: balance to suit THE DOLAN CO.
home builders. 1607 Market opp. Franklin.
FELL. 847. near Flllmore — 3 new elegant flat*;
cheap: fine Investment: good Income
FINE sanitary plumbing: latest system. AHL-
BACH ft MATER. 836 Howard St.
MAM MATEO BIAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK.
— — ~—
On the line of San Mateo electxio can; 44
minutes from Fifth and Market st*
Sewer and water pipe* tal#
Pur* artesian water.
Lota 1400 and V 9.
Outside th* fog belt.
$10 to $30 down and $10 per mssMaV ' -
Go dawa and investigate.
Map* seat on application
SELBT. RODGERS * CO.. *
Main «73. U9 California St.
Also at Lomlta Par*.
Fr*TXiO Pyil BE A3* ESTATE.
MENLO PARK-FAIR OAK*.
Large villa sites and tracts of from on« to
five acres beautifully wooded and ready for
building* convenient to station and in best part
of Fair Oaks and Mrnlo Park: road work fre»
of expense to buyers; exceptionally easy term*:
finest climate in .vicinity of city: unexcelled
educational facilities. For particulars writ*
\ SELBT RODGER3 * CO..
Main 673. • »6 California. •»•
Continued on P»|e Twetm *
1112
REAL ESTATE — COUWTRY— For S«le.
INVEST TOUR MONET IN" LAND IN SUT- |
TER COUNTY. |
PGt> an acre buy* choice orchard land within I
tliree miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a i
large winery; best market center for all kinds |
cf fruit; the Butte County Irrigation ditch j
coming this way; surveys under way for |
two electric lino* to traverse this section ;
•nd sn overland road (thr Western Pacific) :
I ttf.m; through *-» r«> all point to a large In- j
crease In land values; four daily passenger '
trains to San Francisco each day now; no j
ether section offers a better opportunity for .
profitable Investment; also have some good
dr*dse mining propositions.
A<3cre?K M. J. NETVKCM. Real Bstats
Dealer. 40C Second ft.. MarysvtUe. al.
ATTENTION. HOMEEEEKERS!
Send jioFtal for emtmlmgme of the best land
bargains in Oallfcrnla. C. M. WOOSTER
CX>.. <;»S Market ft.
?I5'X) — RANCH of 12 «rr«; house and barn;
2*7 miles from Martiner. Room 502. Central
Bank building Oakland.
A WEEKS news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, '
16 pages. In wrapper, for Waff. Jl per year, i
ELMHTJaST EBAL ESTATE. ,
$15 MONTHLY: Fmall ash payment: new 4- j
room cottage; rhi< - ken-hou«-f : 8 lerge lots; !
fenf-ert; only ,V» minutes from the city. !
OSr-AR HEYMAX & BUO.. 14 Post M. j
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE .
FOR exchange — Two business lots; corner. S"x t
108, or. Macdonald aye.; finest corner and the
best business corner In the city of Richmond; \
value J2500; can be Improved and made to
pay 2 per cent per month; will exchange for
Ban Francisco, Oakland or Berkeley house
and lot and assume mortgage; do not ml**
this opportunity of getting a corner that will
make you rich. J. W. LAYMANCE. 632 ,
Market st. Sac Francisco. j
PROPERTY WAgTED. j
INCOME paying property wanted; must pay 10
to 12 per cent grose: $30,000 to Invest; com- r
munications confident iaJ. Address J. F. C, j
box f>£S*. (is;; office.
OAKLAND ADVERTWTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY. '
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. !
A FINE up-to-date 9- room house: modern In
e\#ry respect; open plumbing; enameled
bath; sunny side of htreet mot BO situated j
that lt gets the i>un all day. located on !
broadest street In Oakland: one block from j
[••f,; car line and within 10 minutes' walk
cf narrow-gauge local. Must be sold this [
week; price fc>.*«oo. Terms can be arranged '<
if to defired by purchaser; lot 45x100 feet.
Don't miss this; must be sold at once; ele- •
gant Queen Ann B-room modern house; sunny I
side cif street; paneled dining-room: pillared
erch from reception hall to parlor; Quaker
fireplace; porcelain bath; open plumbing; large
ELuny r'orch with turned posts; open lawn; j
cement walks arour.d house and only 3 short
block* from train: swell neighborhood ; price j
$3250, including large gas range and vent {
hoed; Peaty water heater; only small cash ;
payment required. I
For ex 'hatipe — We have a fine 10-room ■
house, situated on the heights in the best part ,
of Oakland- The place is of the finest finish
throughout: all rooms are large and sunny and |
*\ery bedroom has running water; open nickel j
yiumbing: bath enamel porcelain; fine stable j
in rear; lot 50x120. Will exchange for Oak- i
land proi*rty or a ranch In a good locality;
value J7MXV
XREISS i HORSWILL.
1070 Broadway.
Phone Main 422.
zzz= :
A BARGAIN — Fine residence of 12 room* and J
»11 conveniences; on 'ackeon sr; . ; lot 100x170; \
nevr rer.ted to a good tenant at $70 per month; ■
price $10,000.
Klegant tod 40x200, near Key Route station ; I
street macadamized; 30 minutes to San Fran-
clswd; new neighborhood; price $1500.
Fine northtve-st corner on Grove ft., 32x90:
comfortable house of 7 rooms and bath; price '
12200.
Elegant corner. 50x150, bounded by three 1
streets; In Blaedel Tract; bank property; must I
be sold; terms very easy; price $000. i
Several cl^ctirt lots still unsold In the Frost j
Tract; this is bank property taken under fore- ;
closure cf mortgage; terms vtry easy.
Elegant northwest corner, near boulevard;
;ot i.140: house of 9 large rooms; for Bale
ly order of bank; price $7000; this Is a chance
for a builder or speculator.
J. H. MACDONALD A- CO.,
1052 BROADWAY.
$500 CASH. $10 monthly; Es*tlake cottage; •
rooms; good well of water; deep, sandy loam I
soil; away from fogs and cold winds; adjoin- ;
Ing Cast Oakland: some young fruit trees: 4 I
lots; all fenced; 100x100; price In all $1475; j
desirable and comfortable home; a bargain. J
•"•all or send for circular, 455 7th *t-. opp. j
Broadway atation. Oakland; carriage free.. '
REMOVAL NOTICE— KOENIC & KP.OLL j
have removed their real estate office from j
1006 Broadway to 678 Broadway, SE. cor Sth. <
GEO. H. VOEE has removed rrom 972 Broad- !
way to ©6S Broadway. Phone Main 308.
OABXAZTD STORES TO LET.
OFFICE to let — Handsome ground floor office; !
centrally located: carpeted: phone; modern. :
Inquire C. E. REED. 468 11th St.. Oakland. ]
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni- ■
ture. H. Schelhaas.il tli st-. cor.store.Oakland. :
San Francisco AdvortVents
ROOKS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARDELL. 15 Page st— l. 2 or 3 "nice furn. ,
hkpg. rms.. $1 to $3 week; yard;' gas.
I
BRYANT, 421 — One or two nicely furnished !
•unoy room* lor housekeeping; gas.
CALIFOItNIA. 25^6 — Two back ninny fur-
nished rooms; small kitchen; gas. bath- ref-
erences; Jl5. !
FOURTH. 491— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
GEARY. CIO, The Carl — Housekeeping rooms,
single or en suite; day. week, month. $150 up.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 120t— Neatly furnished
cuteide rooms for light housekeeping, $io.
HARRISON. 731 — 2 rooms, connecting for |
housekeeping; rent $13.
HAVES. 407 — Two or threw furnished rooms
for housekeeping; gas range.
HOWARD. 1606 — Nicely furnished housekeep- ':
ing room; gas and running water.
HOWARD, 2016— Two housekeeping rooms; <
$12. :
HOFF «ye.. 27, I Sixteenth ut.. near Mis- j
cion — Two nicely furnished rooms; bath and
ras.
HTDE. 1412 — Upper. floor. 3 un famished rooms
and bath; gas range furnished; $20.
HYDE. IMS — I or 3 sunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping.
JACKSON. 864— Large furnished room, two
grates, with housekeeping privileges.
MASON, S25 — Elegant, rooms. 1-2-3-4; cheap;
modern.
MAYBELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— Bun-
. r,y furnished and unfurnished 3-room suite*;
121. $26.
MCALLISTER, 1400 — Beautiful tunny corner
tuite of housekeeping rooms, with kitchen
end private bath; private residence.
MISSION. 81 l\i— Housekeeping room to let;
clngle room.
MISFION. 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; t-omolete; no children.
MISSION. 1917 — Large sunny suite, furnished
for houstkTping; running water; gas range;
porch.
OAK. 117— Rooms, complete, housekeeping: $5 j
to $12; ga» range; hot bath; adults. j
PEARL. 13. ni. Mark, — Furnished house-
keeping rooms; use of laundry and bath.
POET. 92*— Sunny housekeeping rooms, and '
other mm.
POST. 862 — Pleasant rear suite, $10; sunny
front suites, $12. $15; water, gas; central.
SIXTH. 131, over book — Sunny bouse-
Loe;.ins, or tingle room.s.\J
WALLER, 71— Fine eulte of rooms, furnished
complete; $20.
WASHINGTON. JO2SU. near Mason — Front
eulte furnished or unfurnished, with kitchen
If desired; other sunny rooms.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & : Church' sts.
APARTMENTS WANTED.
i
EMALL apartment wanted of 3 or 4 rooms, j
nicely furnished and containing all the mod- ■
cm improvements; can give best of refer-
ences and the tenants of the other apart-
ments must be quiet and highly respectable.
Box 5102, Call.
JWAXTED— To rent a 3-room apartment, fur-
aiabed; eta te rates. Box 5201. CalL
T 3 —
ROOKS TO LET — 'and Unfnrn.
A ; I*T. KATHRVN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LtAVENWOHTH STS. THREE HUN-
2 DttKD ROOMS. MOIJKRN AND UP-TO-
* DATE. LIGHT, sfL':#.Y. AIRY. HAIR j
MATTRESSES. FREE BATHS, HOTEL
ACCOMMODATIONS. SINGLE ROOMS
WITH BATH. ROOMS FROM THREE :
LABS TO EIGHT DOLLARS PER
v\ i.i : k
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane— New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold j
• water; electric lights; only first-class house I
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up. ■
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms ,
SB) to $1 per night. $1 2.") to $.~i per week and ;
light housekeeping; rooms; open all night. I
AT "The Almonte." . 73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) Rooms. 25c to He. ?1. $1 «> night; |
$1 M to $10 week: house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market p.nd 21 Turk— Electric j
liKhts. running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to sOc per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
BIRCH aye., 23— One unfurnished room; run-
nine water. J
• Brunswick. ;»."-'?', Washington. Oakland— Sunny
i rms., suites, single; transient, permanent.
I , — . \
! BUSH. .'•'!'. corner Grant aye. — Single and
i double rooms: reasonable. •
i BUSH. 806 — Sunny alcove room and single '
• rooms for gentlemen; references.
! FELL. 29— Nice sunny furnished rooms; house-
| keeping or single; gas; phone.
' FOLSOM. 13152— Sunny front single room, $6;
sunny bay-window room, $10.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c I
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room. ,
~ j
HAVES. 379 — Nicely furnished front room.
HOWARD, 715— Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
. . —
HOWARD. 829— Rooms of all kinds and prices. !
HOWARD, 1130%— Nicely furnished room.
HOWARD, 2016 — Furnished front room.
JCNES. 601 — Sunny Rat; modern; 2 elegant :
rooms; newly furnished; private bath; bach. |
LARKIN. S04 — Sunny front rooms, connecting-, j
light housekeeping. $13. i
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth)— rooms; i
$2 to $5 week; baths; elevator; also hskpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St. — 400 ',
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day. ;
$2 to 5 s week; the only new and modern j
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco I
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold '
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat ;
In every room and gives free baths and ele- j
vator day and night to its guests. j
OAK. 2037. nr. Park— Nicely furnished rooms; .
housekeeping if desired; bath, phone.
O'FARKELL, 504— Newly furnished sunny
front rooms: also single, $2 50 week up; hot !
and cold water; bath and phone.
: POWELL. 415 — Small room. '6; others, suit- I
able for light housekeeping. $3 week.
ROYAL HOUSE~.T26"e!iTs^ lncandescent lights; !
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par- |
lor: rooms per night. 36c to $1 50; week, $2 j
to I*; month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground I
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath?. !
SAHLEIN (The), ccr. Bu?h and Polk— Every- 1
thing new; single rooms, with private bath !
and phone or en suite; breakfast served in |
rooms; week or month. ' >
SIXTEENTH. 2936. bet. Howard and Mission— !
One sunny front room; newly furnished; gas; |
bath; rent $S.
SEVENTH. 235 Elegant front room for 2 gen- !
tlemen; also buck parlor for hsekpg.; clean. •
THE Launston. 110 Eddy— First-class. perma- !
nent and transient rooms; opposite Tlvoli.
TURK. 123 Clean, sunny, double, single rooms
with or without beard; $5 up. ■ j
TWELFTH. 220. near Howard— Hall bedroom. !
$6; large room. $7; for gentlemen; no sign. [
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 4oo !
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights mo ga»>, running water In every j
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage. j
VAN NESS aye., 11 — Sunny furnished rooms '
for gentlemen; $10, $15; gas, phone; refer-
ences.
VALENCIA. 210 — Large, sunny room, private
family; call Sunday or evenings.
VALENCIA. 223— Nice, sunny, single front ,
room for worklr.g lady, use of parlor; home- ■
like.
VENDOME, 1104 Market— Furn. rooms, suits
cr single; suite $5 week up. 16 Turk St.
I
I WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 room*: ;
Ssc to Jl 50 nightly: $2 to $8 week; elevator; i
eiec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep- j
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has j
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite :
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ subscriptions received at j
! Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church Ft«. j
. BOOKS AND BOARD. • •
j HOTEL Baltimore. 1015 Van Ness — First- \
clasi hotel, on American plan; families es- {
pecially; elegant rooms, all modern and every j
convenience; very sunny; fine views; table i
unsurpassed. H. C. SHANNON. Proprietor. j
CALIFORNIA, S07 — Best rooms, table and eer- j
vice In the city for the least money.
! Cotrora (The), 621 O'Farrell— The good fare,
quick service ard air of rennea home.
PINE. MM— Nicely furnished rooms with !
board; good location; terms reasonable.
; —
; TURK. lir>» — furnished rooms in new flat
with board; for gentleman.
! VAN NESS aye., 932 — Furnished rooms with
table board; central.
; A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper, for malting. $1 per year.
f^"^~" — - . ... g
BOOKS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By young couple, room and board
In Oakland or Berkeley. Box »9, Call office. '
BOOKS WANTED.
j A LADY wishes a room, unfurnished or partly
furnished: !»tate price. 32fiO Twenty-second.
' »*^ — ■ "^— ■ —^^—^^^^^»
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
' WANT to rent a sewing machine? Telephone
the White Co.. 915 Market St.; they will at
i . once furnish you with the best machine on
eesrtL at th« same price asked by others for
Inferior makes. Telephone Jessie 4461.
I DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
I ALL kinds second-hand, $3, $5, $8; slightly
used, $10, $15. $20: you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
: ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
STTTTTERIHGr AITS STAMMESING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. 8 to 12.
REDEMPTION BONDS.
; CENTRAL PACIFIC RA Y~COMPAN V
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Nttice is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of article eight of the mortgage
from this company to the Central Trust Com-
pany of New Ycrk. trustee, dated August 1,
1839, •his company has set apart out of the
rift income- derived by it from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twen-
ty-five thousand dollars in trust to be used
to redeem saM bonds, and that bond* Issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with. Bids are hereby invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to be named
by the bidders, to the amount of $26,670 90
in the sinking fund Such bids should be
presented to this company at Its office 120
Broadway, in the city ot New York, on or
before ih> 14th day of February. 1905 at 12
o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed' "Bids
for the Surrender of Central Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANT
By B. H. HARRIMAN. President. '
New York. January 16. 1905.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD company
(OF CALIFORNIA)— FIRST CONSOLI-
DATED MORTGAGE FIVE PER " CFVT
GOLD BONDS OF 1893-Notice Is hereby
given that the board of directors of this
company has" determined to use to redeem
First Consolidated Mortgage Five Per Cent
Gold Bonds of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company (of California) $20,477 72 now in
the sinking fund for the redemption and pay
»MS* of bonds of that Issue, and that bonds
of such l6«ue will be redeemed therewith
Bids are hereby Invited for the surrender of
such bonds at prices to be named by the
bidders. Such bids should be depowited with
Andrew K. Van Deventer. assistant treas-
urer of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, at his office, 120 Broadway, New York
City, at or before 12 o'clock noon on the
14th day of February. 1905. and should be
Indorsed, "Rid* for Surrender of Southern
Paclflc Railroad Company (of California) Fiv e
Per rent Bonds."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
By K. H. HARRIMAN, Presidtnt. '
New York January 16, 1905. >
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1905.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. |
The following marriage licenses < were Issued :
yestcrdav: .' •
Frank P. Taylor, 31, Riverside, and Agnes
1 11. Knerr. 18, '-T>l Devisadero street.
William Lewis ■'"., 858 Folsom street, and.
. Tosie Magrath, 25, 1063 McAllister street. j
David Crisby, 21, Virginia City,, and Carrie
A Benfcam is. UO5 Market street.
*- Mortie Levy. 21. city, ami Sadie Crocker, 21,
city. • ' - '
"Mar. nee % Luckenbach, 21. 115 Third aye-
I nue, and Am* L. Biddle, 21, Cincinnati, Ohio.
j Edward M. Hallrtt. 32, Woodside, and Anna
■ M. Meyer. 20. Woodslde.
. Carl" .S»>eronl. 88, Sausalito, and Maria
! Malrlanl,. 24; 1028 Kearny ltd
j Patrick H. Geary. X, 000 Twenty-second
' street. Nnl Nora Casey, 2:5, 4052 Twenty-fifth.
Frederick J. Raicevich. 26. 3606 Twentieth
street, an.i May A. Miller.. 20.- 2484 Market.
Stephen F. Carey. 2«. 1111 Butter street, and
j Anita L. HornFtnan. 21. H'.'!2 Union street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
i mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
1 In at either of the publication offices and be
. Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
' Notices restricted simply to the announcement
I of the event are published once in this column
| free of charce. _.
BORN.
DOUGLASS— In this city, February 6. 1906,
to the wife of William Y. Douglass. a
daughter. '
HEEGLER— In this city. February 7, 1005. to
the wife of Louis M. Heegler. a daughter.
I JENEVEIN— In San Bruno, January 26. 1905,
to the wife of A. Jenevein,' a son.
• •WILKINB— In this city. January 31, 1906, to
the wife of S. J. Wilklng, a daughter. .
MARRIED.
HALLETT- MEYER— In this city February
S. 1905. by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown. Ed-
ward M. Hailett and Anna M. Meyer, both
of Woodside. San Mateo. County.
DIED.
Alexander, Jacob— 7o. Levy, Marcus
Anderson, Mary A\ — 89 Lorlng, Harriet G.
Bernstfne, Edward — 71*. Maas, Johannes — .
I Buch. August — 65. Magncr, Airs. E.
Cohn. Pauline— 72. McCormlck. J. J.—
: Culbertson, Margaret. Moore, Catherine.
' Da Vega, Mabel— lB. Morehouse. Emma — 70.
i Devlne, Catherine— GO. Quill. Rev. Wm. P.
j Doden. Hennan — Rc-ra. -Charles
Druhe. Wm. H. — J5. Savory. Kate — 69.
I>utra, Manuel — 31. schmid, Victor 6l.
! Eklund, Rebecca — 26 Sellanga. Jacob — 24.
I Garland, John B. — 19. ■ Sharp. Honora.
I Gildea. John- ißmith, James— 78.
i Haggerty, Maggie. Smith. Samuel — 87.
l Hodges, Colonel A. P. Sullivan. Catherine —
' Laird, Mary A. L. — 42. rhomaachewskl, O»-
• I^ancaster. Elizabeth— wald — 39.
j 55 year*. Tuggy, Henry — 60.
| Lenhardt, Joseph— 24. 'Ward. Chas.H. Jr.—
! Levercni, Giulla— [Welby. Catherine — 60.
ALEXANDER— In this city. February 6, 1905,
Jacob A. dearly beloved husband of Pauline
!' Alexander, and devoted father of Abe and
Adele Alexander. Mrs. B. Gross and Mrs.
W. Newman, a native of Posen, Prussia,
aged 70 years.
~(ny Friend- and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
"Thursday). February 9. at 10 a. m., from
his late residence, 1352 Flllmore street, be-
j tween Ellis and Eddy. Interment New
I Salem Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. train.
I ANDERSON— In this city. February 7. 1905. |
: Mary Ann Anderson, dearly beloved. wife of
the late Captain Edward A. Anderson, and
| mother of Mrs. K. M. North- Whitcomb. Cap-
tain Oscar O. Anderson and the late Edward
A. Anderson and Mrs. Sarah E. Miller, and
sister of Mrs. Captain- Andrew Nelson and
the late Mrs. Hannah Leale. a native of
Yarmouth, England, aged S9 years and 7
months.
i CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- j
j fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
1 at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late residence,
-414 Pacific avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, via the electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
' BERNSTINE — In Oakland, February 8, 1906,
i Edward,, beloved- husband of Louisa Bern-
I Btlne, arid father of Fred E. Bernstlne, Mrs.
! C. C. Belden. Mrs. A. yon Adelunjr, Mrs.
James Dallas, Mrs. Sol J. Levy and Alice
" L. Bcrnstlne. a native of Germany, aged
! 79 years 5 months and 11 days.
BUCH— In this city. February 8, 1905.
August, beloved husband of Pauline Buch,
and father of Mrs. T. N. Whitehead, and
, brother-in-law of Mrs. August Bishoff and
' Adolph Bercke. a native of Germany, aged
65 years 10 months and 14 days.
C 7 Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), February 10, at 2 p. m., from the
new fuperal chapel of Theodor Dlerks, 432
Golden Gate avenue, between Larkln and
Polk streets, .where funeral services will be
held under the auspices of Court Hubertus
No. IS, F. of A. Cremation Odd Fellows'
j Cemetery.
; COHN— In this city, February 7, 1905,
Pauline, beloved wife of the late Nathan
Cohn, and aunt of Mrs. L. Jamison. Mrs.
Max Galllck and Meyer Cohn, a native of
: Germany, aged 72 years.
| |n?"Frlendß and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
', (Thursday), February 9, at 10 a. m., from
'he new funeral chapel of Theodor Dlerks
& Co., 432 Golden Gate avenue, between
l^arkin and Pclk streets. Interment New
Salem Cemetery. by 11:30 a. m. train.
! CULBERTSON— this city, February 7, 1905,
Margaret M. Culbertson, beloved wife of
j George A. Culbertson, a native of Santa
: Barbara
i tc?" Interment at Santa Barbara.
| DA VEGA — In this city. February 8. 1905.
Mabel Frances, beloved daughter of Eleanore
and Edgar da Vega, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged IS years 2 months and 11 days.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
• DEVINE— In Oakland, February 8. 1905,
j Catherine Devlne, beloved mother of Jose-
phine May, Nell and Kathleen Devlne. a
native of Ireland, aged 60 years 7 months
and 7 days.
1 Nut Ice of funeral hereafter.
i DODEN— In this city, February 6, 1905,
Herman Doden. a native of Germany, aged
64 years 1 month and 14 days. A member
of Harmony Lodge No. 15, K. of P.
tCTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the new funeral chapel of Theodor Dierks,
4."2 Golden Gate avenue, between Larkin
and Polk streets. 
DRUHE — In Oakland, February 8, 1005, at
1120 Eighth street William H. Druhe, a
native of San Francisco, aged 45 years 6
months and '- M .l days.
DUTRA— In this) city, February 8, 1905,
Manuel, dearly {beloved, son of Minnie and
the late Manuel Dutra, and brother of An-
tone, John, Joseph, Frank, King. Minnie,
Rosa and Annie Dutra and Mrs. Mary
Nevis and Mrs. Clara Fonts, a native of
Indiana Ranch, Yuba County, aged 31 year*
and 9 months.
Services will be held ■ Thursday, Febru-
ary 9, at 8 p. m., at the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Services under the auspices of the local
Foresters of America Board of Relief. In-
terment Friday. Remains will be shipped
Friday morning to MaryEville. Cal.
' EKLUND — In this city, February 6, 1906. Re-
becca, beloved wife of - John A. Eklund,
daughter or Elizabeth Edwards, sister of
I" Harry Edwards Jr. and Mrs. J. Magoonis,
and stepdaughter of Harry Edwards, a na-
tive of England, aged 26 years 1 month and
5 days. • ,
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. , r
GARLAND — In this city. February 8, .1905,.
John B. Garland, beloved husband of Cath-
erine Garland, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 49 years 9 months and 6 days. ••. .'■
GILDEA — In Long Beach, Los Angeles County.
Cal.. February 5. 1905. John, dearly beloved
brother of James J., Ann and Martin Joseph
Gildea, Sister Rose Mary Catherine, Mrs.
Andrew J. Pettigrew, Mrs. Robert A. Burns.
Mrs. Hugh O'Neill, Mrs. A. H. ■ Ste. Mario
and Mrs. John Singer, a native of the par-
ish of Crosena, County Roscommon, Ireland,
aged 37 years 11 months and 20 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street
thence to St. Mary's Church (Paullst) Cali-
fornia and Dupont ■■ streets, where a , solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of hin soul, at 9:30 a. m. Interment
private, Holy Cross Cemetery. ■" Please omit '
flowers.
HAGGERTY — In this city, February 8. 1905,
Maggie Haggerty. beloved sister of Joseph
Haggerty, and sister of the late John F.
Haggerty, a native of San Francisco.
(CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), February 9. at- 1 p. m..
at Mission Dolcres Church, ' Dolores street,
near Sixteenth. Members of Ramona Council
No. 28. I), of P., please take notice. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
HODGES — In this city, February 8, . 1905,
Colonel A. P. Hodges. .•■..-. ■- . • -
tCT'Notlce of : funeral hereafter.
LAIRD — In this city, February 7. 1905. Mary
Ann Louise Laird, beloved wife of William
Laird, and Bister of ■ Thomas J. -.. Henry
Oakes. a native of Mystic, Conn., aged 42
years and 37 days. ". v_
C?" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend : the funeral - Friday.
February 10,. at 8:30 a. m., from the. parlor*
of Julius S. Godeau,' 810 Van : . Ness avenue,
between Eddy and Ellis . streets, . thence •to
St. Brigld's Church, where a . requiem, high
mass will bo celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 a. in. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
LANCASTER— ; Oakland, February 8,1 1905,
Elizabeth, beloved , wife of Joseph Lan-
caster. . and mother '.;■ of i Charlotte.-. ; Harold.
Bessie and . Edith . Lancaster and ■ Mrs. W. J.
Brown, and sifter of Mrs. iW. , Streathearn,
a native of England, aged 55 years. ■ ' ; ; .
LENHARDT— In » this city, February 7. k 1905
•'•• Joseph Lenhardt,'.- beloved ; son of • Mrs. K.
Rehm. and ! brother of .• Emma Lenhardt and
Mary Rehm, ■ a " native of San • Francisco, aged
.24 years 8 month? 15 days. A 1 member
of Court San Francisco :. No. s 7. VF.:of ,' A.,
and .Bartenders' i lnternational 4 League. f! ' -
tCTFrlends and • acquaintances ■■ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-day
■-..'■■.■-■- ~ - - - .-.•*. - . '-.
(Thursday), at 2:30 p. ni., from the parlors
of H. F. Puhr & C,. U3l Mission etreet.
between Seventh and eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
LEVERONI— In this city, February 6, 1905,
Glulia Leveroni, beloved aunt of Emilio,
Amalla. Albtna and Eliza Ravezzani, sieter
ni Maria Defferrari, and mother-in-law of
Emllio Ravezzani. a native of Chicagna,
Italy, aged cr> years 8 months and 14 days.
CT'Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitod to attend the funeral Thursday,
February 0, at 10 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 4 Union place, between Du-
pont and Stockton, Union and Green streets,
thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian
Church, where at 10:30 a. m. a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul.
LEVY— In this city, February 8, 1005, at his
residence 763 O'Farrell etreet. Marcus
Levy, beloved husband of Bertha Levy, and
father of L. C, leadore C, Charles C. and
Benjamin C. Levy, and only brother of
Iyouls Levy, a native of Wresthen, Prussia,
Germany. ,
LORING — In this city, February 7. 1905. Har-
riet G. Loring, beloved sister of Mrs. A. Au-
gusta Cottrell and Mrs. Thomas R. Hayes,
a native of Damariscotta, Maine.
|C?" The funeral service will take place to-
day (Thursday), at 2 '/dock p. m.. at j
the chapel In Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MAAS— In this city; February 7. 1905, '
Johannes, beloved brother of CaDtaln M. j
Maas. a native of Fehmarn. Germany, aged ,
SI yeais 7 months and 9 days.
CT" Services will be held to-morrow
(Friday), February 10, at 'J p. m.. at the
residence of his brother. Captain M. Maas. |
3438 Nineteenth street, between Mission and i
Valencia. Interment private.
MAGNER— In San Mateo, February 8. 1905. I
Mrs. E. Magner, beloved mother of John and |
Thomas Mugner, Mrs. H. D. Goodman, Mrs. ,
I>. J. Baker Mrs. W. E. Bain and Mrs. j
F. W. Bain.
(C7"Notic3 of funeral hereafter.
McCORMICK— In this city, February 6, 1905, !
J. J. McCormlck, brother of the late Mar- |
garet Eldrauher. uncle of William F. and
Charles Eldracher, and brother-in-law of j
Helen V. Eldracher, a native of Tipperary, I
Ireland, aged til years 11 months and t> days. >
(Worcester. Mass., papers please copy.)
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the
parlors of Cfcrew & English. 29 Van Ncsa ,
avenue, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele- :
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc- !
Ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
MOORE— In this city, February 8. 1905.
Catherine Moore late of Los Gatos, sister .
<.f Mrs. Frances Shepherd, Mrs. Minnie |
Swift and John, William, Frank and Se.by .
Swift, a native of Illinois.
MOREHOUSE— In this city, February 7. 1905,
Emma, beloved wife of G. W. Morehouse, |
a native of New York, aged 70 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day :
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
The Veteran Rebekah.* are requested to ;
meet at Halsted &. Co.'s- funoral parlors, 940 ,
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth, I
at 9:45 a. m. to-day (Thursday), to attend ,
the funeral of Mrs. Emma Morehouse. By
<>rd<r of MRS. M. A. HAWLEY, Pres.
QUILL — An anniversary solemn • requiem high
mam will be celebrated for the reDOse of
the soul of the late Rev. William P. Quill
at 10 o'clock a. m.. at St. Agnes Church,
Thursday, February ». Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
REIRA— In the City and County Hospital, j
February S. litOo, Charles Relra. a native ot |
Corsica, aged 80 years.
SAVORY— In this city, February 6, 1905,
Kate Savory, devoted mother of Clara L. and
the late WiconvT. Savory, a native of Ire-
land, aged (59 years 2 months and 7 days.
ETFriendf: and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited toittend th« funeral this day '
1 Thursday) at 10 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 524 Jones street, between O'Farrell
and Geary. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem- .
<very.
SCHMID — In this , city. February 6, 1905.
Victor, husband of Paulina Schmld, and
father of Fred Schmid. a native of Baden, ,
Germany, ajced 61 years 1 month and 12 .
days.
E>"Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral services ,
to-day (Thursday), February 9 at 10 |
a. m". at Charles J. B. Metzler's under- ;
taking parlors, (W6 Washington street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SELLANGA— In the City and County Hos- j
pltal. February 8, 1905. Jacob Sellanga, a
native of Finland, aged 24 years.
SHARP— In thls< City, February 8, 1905, ,
Honora Sharp, widow of the late George H. <
Sharp, a native of Quebec, Canada.
IETThe funeral will take place to-morrow j
(Friday) at 8:U0 a. m., from the parlors of
Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue. (
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a j
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:.'H)
a. m. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth ,
and Guerrero streets.
SMITH— In this city, February 7, 1905. James
Smith, a natlv* of New York, aged 78 years. |
A member of the Exempt Fire Company.
IC7Frlends and acquaintances and members
of the Exempt Fire Company are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral services to-
day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from
the parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van
Ness avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery, by the 3:30 p. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
SMITH— In this city, February 7, 1005, Sam- !
uel Smith, beloved husband of the late L.
Smith, a native of New York, aged 87 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the
parlors of Valente, Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme- ■
tery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, February 8. 1905. ,
Catherine Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged i
76 years.
THOMASCHEWSKI -In this city, February
6, 1905. Oswald P., dearly beloved husband
of Marie Thomaechewski, son of Clara
Thomaschewskl. brother of Richard and
Edgar Thomasohewski, and son-in-law of
Mr. and Mr?. J. Rebstock. a native of Ger- j
many, aged 39 years 1 month and 27 dai*3. j
A member of Harmony Lodge^ No. 5, A. O. j
V. W.; North Beach Lodge No. 9. Hermann's
Sons, and Journeymen Tailors' Protective
and Benevolent Union.
E^Frlendp and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day |
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the
funeral parlor.s of Porter & White. 42:: Golden
Gate avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem- j
etery. via the electric funeral car from J
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
TUGOT — In Alam«la. February 8 1005. I
Henry Tugey. beloved husband of Hannah j
Tuggy. and father of Mrs. W. C. Vorrelter. !
Mrs. H. L. Lorentzen, Mrs. Z. Fuller and j
Hattie E.. Edward, Esther, Henry. Robert •,
and Amy Tuggy. a native of Redding. Eng- !
land, aged CO years and 6 months.
C7Funeral services at Christian Chapel.
San Jose and Park avenues, Aiameda, at
2 p. m. Friday, February 10.
WARD— In this city, February 7. 15M).\
Charles H. Ward Jr., beloved son of Charles
11. and the late Mary Ward, and brother of
Helen and Harry Ward. Mrs. C. L. Arfsten
an«l .Mrs. George Hullflish, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 yeara S months and "J
days. A member of Bartenders' Inter-
national League. Local No. 41, of San Fran-
cisco.
Cl/'Frlencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at !» a. m., from the parlorts of
McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WELBY— In this city, February 8. 1905, at
her rcsidrnce. 445 C Tehama street. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of John T. Welby, and
loving mother of John J.. Charles and Rose
Welby, Mr?. J. S. Harlan. Mrs. T. I>. Sul-
livan, Mrs. F. Pennlck, Mrs. J. Ford, Mrs.
William Provan and Mrs. J. Kenna. and
sister of Mrs. Bridget Mulligan and Mark
and Patrick Cooney, a native of County
Mayo. Ireland, ased HO years.
ICTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
February 11. at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence. 44r>(' Tehama street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
masw will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9a. m. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
CARD OF THANK?.
We wish to thank the many friends for
th«* many floral offerings, kindness and sym-
pathy In our late bereavement in the loss
of a lovins wife and mother.
FREDERICK BOSS AND DAUGHTERS.
St. Dominic's Church Building Associa-
tion — The monthly rfqulem high mam for
the deceased members of St. Dominic's
• Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be eung
In St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 a. m.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
"WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8.
Nicola and Angola Armanlno to Frank D.
Telicano and G. B. Gtnochio undivided 1-8 in
terest in following: I^t on NE corner of Han
over and Guttenborg streets. N 2CI. E 164:1,
SK 293. W 1K>7:.5, lots 73 to 75, West End
Homestead; also lot on W line of Watt street,
124:9 S of Hanover, S 101:1, W 202:6, N
100, E 187:6, subdivision SOL same: also lots
13 and 22. block 11. Syndicate's First Addition;
also lot on NE corner of Watt and North B?ll
vue streets, XW to Hanna, E to center West
End Creek, .SE along creek to Bellvue. SW to
btKinning: also lot on N line of Hanna or
Hanover street and NE line of Watt avenue,
NW to Esmond. N 125. E to West End Creek
Si; along creek to Hanna. W to beginning:
also lot on E line of Watt street and W line
of Esmond. NW to Brunswick, E to renter
West End Creek. SE along West Kn«l I'reek
tj Esmond. S to beginning; also lot on N line
of Brunswick street and NE line of Watt ave
nue. NW to Mackoy, X to ti line lot 21) block
2, Kyndicate Tract. E to center West End
Creek, S to Brunswick. W to beginning: also
lot on NE line of Watt avenue and W line
of Mackey street, NW to Morse. E to West
End Creek, S along creek to Mackey, 8 to
beginning; also lot on N line of Morse street
ami NE line of Watt avenue, N to Mission
street extension, SE .100. W to beginning; also
lot on SE corner of Guttenberg and Bruns
v.ick streets. N 36:5. PE 108:2, W 49:2: also
lot on SE corner of Guttenberg and Brunswick
streets, S Ksb, E I<>*:l, N 185:1. \V 70:11.
i Hiibdivision V 2, West End Homestead Associa
tion, recorded February 7, 19O5; $10.
Emma G. Butler to Louis Friedman, lot on
SW corner of Pine and Franklin streets, W
lUO by S 00; $10.
Annie E. Dickinson (wife of John H.) to
Katp K. Henesey. lot on S line of California
street, 137:0 W of Octavia W 34:9 by S 137:6;
$10.
Maggie E. and Sophie A. Grote to Ellen M.
Grote, lot on NE corner of Golden Gate avenue
, and Devisadero street. E 30 by N 100; $3.
Matilda Simmen to John Slmmen (husband).
! undivided of lot on N line of Fell street,
106:3 E of Broderick. E 25 by N 137 :<J: $5
Clara L. DlepenbrOok to Dominic A. Marino,
lot on W line of Dfvlsadero street, 100 S o*
Hayes, S 23 by W 10ti:.'t; grant.
Eureka Building and Loan Association to
John J. O'Connor, lot on SW corner of McAl
lister and Parker streets, W 100 by S 52:3 V*;
$3COO.
E. Petrie and Alie M. Hoyle to Georgia W.
Stolz, lot on N line of Jackson street 202 :»?
E of First avenue. E 97:11%. N 81:7. SW
i)8:4»/4. S 72:11',i and all interest in Western
Addition Ssl, quitclaim deed; $10.
Thomas and Rebecca Denigan to William F.
Sharp, lot on NE corner of Fifteenth and Shot
well streets, N 110, E 122:6, S 25, W 87:6, S
H5, w 86; $n>.
I Katie Smyth to Mary Doherty. lot on E lino
I of Guerrero street. ISS S of Nineteenth, S 25
I by E 90; gift.
M. Rontet to Suzanne Alferitz, lot on NW
line of Market street and S line of Fifteenth,
SW 00. NW 7tS:llU. W 118:-1?4; $10.
Thomas Kirtley to Emanuel Goodman, lot
I on E line of Castro street, 50 N of Nineteenth,
N 25 by E 06; $10.
I Ella O. Fritschen (wife of J. C.) to John M.
j Boseus, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street,
i 160 E of Castro, E 50 by S 114, quitclaim deeJ;
I 11.
Anna or Annie Pcmme to Tbomas Dunne,
! lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street, 185 E
i of Castro, E 25 by S 114; $10.
I Ranforth E. Steel to Narciso Cervelll, lot on
' W line of Taylor street, 137:6 S of Francisco,
| S 17: C, W 47:lVi. NW 22:9V4. F. 61:SHi: $10.
WUllam F. and Grace B. Sharp to Thomajs
I Denigan, lot on S line or Geary street, 28 W
| of Williams. W 28 by S 62:6; $10.
John H. and Annie E. Dickinson to Clyde S.
Payne, lot on E line of Hyde st., 74:1H V ot
! Pacific. N 23:4^,, E G5, 8 2V, W 1:2, S 3:3, "W
i 28:3, S 0:34 W 35:7: also lot on N line of
: Lynch street, 66 E of Hyde, E 20 by N 20; also
; all Interest In 50-vara lot 1287, with use of
i, alley :i feet wide to E line of lot hereby con- j
veyed; $10.
Clyde S. Payne to Charlotte E. Payne, same; j
gift.
George E. Berton to Marie E. E. Berton. lot |
I on SE corner of Ellis and Hyde streets, E '
I s(i:7!> by S 37:6; gift.
| Ira Pierce. W. P. Johnson and William F.
Bowors (trustees estate Henry Pierce) to H. ;
I and W. Pierce, lot on SE corner of Jackson '
] and Larkin streets, S 27:6 by E 82:6; $10.
H. and W. Pierce to Hattle Simmons (wife :
iof S. W.) same; $10.
Samuel W. Simmons to Hattle Simmons. ;
same; gift.
Michael and Frances A. McKenna, to Mar- |
, saretlii I,andon. lot on N"\V Hue of Silver '
1 street 127 NE of Fourth NE 28 by NW 80;
$10.
Hind Estate Company to Eisa L. Bowman .
(wife of J C), lot on E line of Third avenue, t
175 S of Clement street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Charles B. and Mary E. Humbert to Walter
B. Needham lot on E line of Eighth avenue,
100 N of A street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Huldah G. Smith to Harry G. Smith, lot on
E line of Thirty-fourth avenue. 100 S ot B
, street S 100 by E 240; gift.
Estate of Emily B. Barstow (by George P.
• Thurston and Warren Olney. executors) to A. '
Hammersmith lot on NW corner of Twentieth :
avenue and Fulton street. N 600 by W 120;
$9500. |
Albert Meyer to Georre Cooney, lot on W
: line of Twentieth avenue 175 N of I street,
; N 25 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Albert G. Dol- .
beer, lot on W line of Forty-seventh arenue,
, 200 N of L street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Mathllde and William Wolff and Walter and ;
i Charlotte Speyer to George M. Mitchell, lot ;
'on SE corner of Forty -fifth avenue and P
street, E 240 by s 600 : $10.
Charles H. or C H. and Isabel Warner to
i Dominick F. Roberta, lot on SE corner of
I Forty-eighth avenue and R street, S 100 by
I E 107:6; $10.
Ida M. an.l Archibald Cambridge to Thomas
j and Elizabeth MacMullen. lot on E line of
I Forty-fourth avenue 175 S of W street. S
43:10, E 120:21 a N 60:7. W 120; $10.
Bridget Cullum (wife of Frank) to Lonn
Scheafer, lot 244. Gift Map 1; $10.
~H. G. Jr. and Mabel T. White to Levitt H. ',
Cox lot on E line of Lotta street, 325 S of
I Parnassus, S 25 by B 101, lot 19, block C. [
\ Sunset Heights; $10.
Elizabeth Nicholson to Charles M. Bailey
I and F D Macbeth lot on W line of Harold
street ' 123 N of Grafton. N 125 by W 112:6,
' lots 45 to 49. block E. Lakevlew; $10.
Kate L. and William Brooks and George and >
' Stella M. Leviston to Spring Valley Water j
' Company! lot 6, section 27, township 2 S, X J
i 6 W, and that portion of lots 1 and 6, section :
1 34, township 2 S, R 6 W. lying N of line run
' nlng due W to Pacific Ocean, which point Is
formed by beginning at angle of 158 degrees
26 minutes in fence dividing property of Os
mont et al and Spring Valley Water Com- '
pany, which angle Is about due N from Rodg
ers' house. SW 167. NW 157. NW 165. NE
16J». NE 206. NW 330; also all Interest In lot
B, section 27, and lots 1. 2. 5 and 6. section 34,
township 2 S. R C W; also all property lying |
between Lake Merced and Pacific Ocean and
all interest in Lake Merced; $10.
Richard C. and Frankie A. Jones to Richard '
■ C. Jones & Co.. lot on E line of Wlllard street, I
132 S of ParntMUs. S 50:8, E 82, N 50, W 80:1,
block D, Sunset; SI.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Fran-!
Cisco (P. W. Rlordan) to Joseph and Maggie
La Ferrera. lot on NE line of Croke street,
175 NW of Mission, NW 25 by NE 150, Acad
! emy Tract: $10.
Benjamin and Sarah D. Barbash to Charles
! B. and Elizabeth B. Lighttoot, lot on SE line
: of Mission street (as widened). 175 SW of Rus-
I «ia. SW 25 by SE 83:6. block 5, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
William J. and Jane T. Kelly and Owen and
, Annie Murray to Margaret Mazeau iwlfa of Jo
seph) lot on N line of West Park, 200 W of
Mission street, W 25 by N 100. lot 21, block
C, French and Gilman Tract; $10.
Thomas M. and Gussie C. Osmont to Spring
i Valley Water Company, lots 2 and 5. seotlon
I 34 township 2 south, range 6 west, and that
portion lots 1 and 6. section 34, township 2
south, range 6 west lying S of line running
I duo W to Pacific Ocean and point of com
1 mencement. which line is formed by beginning
at angle of 158 degrees 25 minutes in fence
dividing property of Osmont et al. and Spring
1 Valley Water Company, which angle is due
' N fri>m Rcxigers' house. SW 167. NW 157.
NW 165, NE 130. NE 206. NW 3.'10 : also all
interest In lot 5. sevtlon 27. and lots 1, 2, 5
and 6. section 34. township 2 south, range 0
I west; also all Interest in land lying between
! Lake' Merced and Pacific Ocean, excepting lot
1 4, section 34, and all interest In Lake Merced
j and claims against Spring Valley Water Com
: pany; $10.
Julius C. Reis to Johan B. Relte. lots IS
and 14. block 40, Reis Tract; Grant.
Louis and Sarah Getz to Anna D. Joost. lot
on N line of States' street. 175 W of Castro,
! \V 25 by N 100, block 14. .Flint Tract; $10.
Minn'.e Phins to Antonio Podesta lots 312.
314. 311.. Stfl and 320, gift map 2; $10.
Elizabeth Rothermel to Anna D. Joost. lot
I 48. block 18. City Land Association; $m.
Anna D. Joost to Frederick J. Jacobsen.
lot on NW corner of Randolph and Vernon
street? N 125, W 100, S 25, W 50. S 100. E
150, lots 1 to « and 48, block 18, City Land
Association: $10.
Jacob. Heyman Company to Thomas and
Kf.therlne Begley. lot on S line of Thirtieth
street. 23 W of Harper. W 25 by S 125. block
24. Fairmount; ?10.
Edmond and Ellen Kenney to John E. Chal
fant, lot on SW line nt Seventeenth avenue.
73 NW of H street, NW 75 by SW 100. block
352, South San Francisco Homestead; $10.
John E. and Sunan J. Chalfant to F. G.
Lucas Jr.. lot on SW line of Seventeenth ave
nue. 75 NW of H street, NW 75 by SW 100.
blcck 352 yame; also lot on NW line of Twen
| ty-flrst avenue. 150 SE of L street, SE 75 by
i NX 100. block 403, South San Francisco Home-
I stead; $10.
F G Lucaa Jr. to S. Ducas Company, same;
$10.
Builder's Contract,
Henry Mayer (owner) with Louis Oreghlno
(contractor), architect Sylvain Schnattts-cher —
All work except gas fixtures, shades, plumbing
for a H^-story frame cottage on lot on N
Hr.« of Elizabeth street. 106 E of Castro. E
25 by N 114; 52S1R.
SECRETARY METCATiF MAKES
DECISION FAVORING BANK
Clerks' Duties Declared to Partake
of the Nature of Some I^eamcd
Professions.
The lengthy opinion of Secretary j
Metcalf of the Department of Com- j
meree and Labor, allowing Kwanlchi J
Miyamoto to land, notwithstanding ;
the adverse recommendation of
United States Immigrant Commis
sioner North, was received by the
latter yesterdny. Miyamoto was a
clerk in the Yokohama Specie Bank
at Yokohama and came here under !
contract to take a clerkship in the j
New York branch of that institution. ■
Bank clerks having been denied land
ing heretofore as contract laborers.
Mr. North recommended his deporta- i
tion. Miyamoto took an appeal, and :
the appeal being sustained he was
allowed to proceed to New York.
Secretary Metcalf's decision holds
that the Yokohama Specie Bank is
different from all other banks and its
clerks different from all other bank
clerks; that while other bank clerks
coming hither under contract are
contract laborers, the clerks of the
Yokohama Specie Bank are profes
sional gentlemen. That settles the
moot Question.
DUKE CHARGES
INTIMIDATION
Police Captain Alleges That
Editor Tried to Force 31.
O'Keefe to Commit Perjury
COMMISSIONERS MEET
Regular Weekly Hearing Ke
sults in Clearing Calen
dar of Eoutine Business
.Last night, before the Police Com
i missioners, Police Captain Duke
I charged I. W. Parsons of 222 Montgum
: cry avenue, editor of the North End
; Review, with felony, consisting in
lan attempt to intimidate a witness.
} The complaint to which Duke's signa
ture is affixed recites an alleged hap
pening in the Hall of Justice shortly
after Michael O'Keefe was arrested
charged with stabbing the captain.
The complaint alleges that while
O'Keefe was in a cell Parsons appeared
' and, showing him his card, asked If he
! had not attacked Captain Duke.
j O'Keefe said that he had and asked for
j the card, but it was refused by the vls
i itor. Then, it is said, Parsons made
: the proposition to O'Keefe that if he
j would swear that his sister was alone
! in the room with Duke he would hire a
I lawyer and have him freed.
O'Keefe indignantly refused to ac
' cede to the request and the complaint
: alleges that Parsons left after caution-
I ing O'Keefe not to mention his visit.
Later an article attacking Duke ap
peared in the North End Review and
■ this caused O'Keefe to mention the
; matter to Duke.
Later O'Keefe identified Parsons as
j the man who visited him and Parsons
admitted the visit, but said that
I O'Keefe had misunderstood and mis
i represented the conversation. Captain
! Duke assigns as the cause for Parsons'
animosity that he succeeded in stop
ping a crap game formerly conducted
by Parsons in the Oregon House. As
Parsons runs a saloon the Commission
, ers cited him to appear to show cause
why his license should not be revoked.
Acting as a pension board, the Com
missioners granted the request for a
, pension of the widow of Detective Abe
' Anthony, who* was injured while pre
; venting the escape of a prisoner.
Twenty-four restaurant keepers, five
! hack drivers and saloon men applied
; for licenses.
Charles L. Dall was granted a license
to conduct a saloon at 317 Sixth street.
i formerly owned by R. R. Miller, and
was given the privilege to remove to
1938 Great Highway. This provision
, practically carried with it the licensing
of a saloon on the Ocean boulevard and
Commissioner Reagan voted In the
negative. The case of John A. Carl
son and "Will Burgis went over for a
: week. The commission then adjourned
! to to-morrow night at 7:30 o'clock.
"THE IK. I! I KTERXAI/* IS
SPLENDIDLY PRESENTED
Big Audiences Witness Martin V.
Merle's Beautiful Play at
Alhambra Theater.
"The Light Eternal" was presented
yesterday afternoon and evening 1 at the
Alhambra Theater by the Senior Dra
matic Club of Santa Clara College and
on each occasion the audience taxed
the capacity of the house. The play
was presented under the personal dir
ection of Martin V. Merle, the author.
• The beautiful lines were delivered with
power and fine intelligence and the set
ting was excellent.
The cast was as follows:
Christians — P&ncrartlus. of the House of Cleo
nlus, James A. Bacigalupl; Dionyslus, his
uncle. George A. Casey; Sebastian, captain of
the Emperor's Guard. William Johnson: Lucius
Pella. friena to Dionysius. Fred J. Sig-wart;
Damiua. a wealthy merchant. Floyd Allen:
Julio, a guard In the Maertine Prison, Francis
de S. Ryan: prisoners in the Mamertlne — Pat
rlus. Francis Floyd-Jones; Praga, Robert Fitz
gerald; Tellius, Mortimer Gragg; Agus, a slave.
William Heffernan.
Pagans — Diocletian. Emperor of Rome, John
J. Ivancovlch; Corvinus. afterward Prefect of
Rome, William J. McKagney; senators — At
i tllius. Leander Murphy; Daclus. Floyd Allen;
i Afjellius. Francis de S. Ryan; Potitus. John
McElroy: Antonlus. Frank Belz; Afflus, cap
tain of the Prefect's Guard. August Agulire;
Claudius, a messenger. William J. Maher; Sa
lartus, a guard. Leo Atterldge; Marius. a
: taller In the Mamertlne Prison, August
Agulrre; senators, courtiers, soldiers, heralds,
pages populace, musicians, etc.
ST. TERESA'S INSTITUTE BAI>I»—
The young ladies of St. Teresa's Institute
No. 29 ar» to give an entertainment and ball
next Thursday night at the Potrero Opera
house.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Kauforni a limited!
|CMICAGO T |N 3 days i
I LEAVES DAILY ATftSOA M B
31 WITH OIN£RSANOBLEePERs3
Other Santa Fa Trains: '
7 :30 a. m. 1
9:30 a. m. } For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m.J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
6:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— Market «t. and Ferry Depot
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.; also 27 South First. San Jose.
■ To SAN RAFAEL,
Ross valley;
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
.._ . . ▼!■ Sanaallto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally at t7-u*
7:45 8:25. 9:10. 0:50 11:00 a. m. ; 12:20. lii*
a:l5. 4:35. 6:15. 5:50. «:30. 7:15. 10:15
11:35 p. m. 'f "Ji*lf"N»««l'q*i'fl *
Arrive at San Francisco dally, at ta-4n
7-33 8:15. 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 a. m. ; 12 : 10 1 &
2:65: 4:25. 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:37 7:40 aid 11 °!&
' tDally except . Sunday.
. For Fairfax dally at 7:45 a. m.; also Batur
day* at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Saturday
and Sunday st 5:15 p. m. . - . **
THROUGH TRAIXS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way station*
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only— For Casadero.
etc-
5:15 p. m. daily, except : Saturday and Sun.
day for Tomales. . etc.
TICKET OFFICE— €SO Market st.
FERRY— Union TVpot. foot of Market st.
Mt, Tamalpais Railway
" It. San ?raaci»eo ! lr - ss * a rrineiics '
ft D.Ti !hind«js_ M€^^^L. "Sondayi ;' Wk.'jsjT
- B:3r> -\l*2sS 0 l:»Op »1O:5O.%
9:50 a .^° A i«g3f »:55p! 3:55 ''
i':'4sp l:4sp' l_6:ggp : 6:*g*^
Batnrt»7» 4:35p J»tartUjs 11:12*
*Via GntTity Cur - : ".- y . ' ' MVT>unalp*i» to Mill Tate
C 2XL \ 650MARUn " S T^(North Shore Ra.lrce*
UtltU ( and Sausauto e**v. Foot Market Sc
RAILWAY TJtAVEL.
Train* 1«»t« and mr» «ln<»
W{4£!*nS*\ SAN FRANCISCO.
rjjoftffiTy / 7io» FBB«r*iT 1, 1906
\dyQs£SZ\// Fesrt Otrnr
j >^jC|^X (Toot of Market Street .
X..,« - MAIN LINE. - »««tvi
, ""7 00a Klehmond, i'oi. Cc»U, Var>jo,
'•"*"* vsc«Tllie. •Winter*. Kum«e».Sui-
»un Is«n!div Elmtra and Sacra-
m , B M(vlaXapaJuncMon.. 7 . 50p
7 DO* Ds»!s. Woodland. Knlrtu* Liimliug.
ilarysrine.OroTllle.... 7.50*
7«l*J»*lle!» Pleasaoton. Llvermore.
'"** Tracy. Lathrop. s:o. •* on n.OO*
7 30A Sha«w fixr>^»»- '» v ' ■*•• 3asa»
'* U men:,, and I>«v» >v^ !»„„.
Willows, fFruto. Keel Bluff. Port-
land, rscoina. Seattle.... 11. 00
7.30 a Atlantic Kxr>re«s—. Via Port Costa.
#m»u Murttnez.Trscv. Stockton. Sacra-
mento). OgHen and Batt.... 5 50"
8 OPa V.illeio. Jiapa. Calistogm Santa
8.30 a (Going tZj» Martinez returning rt*
Klles). Tr«cy. Stockton. New-
mnn. Los Bauds. Mendota, Ar-
uiona. Uanford. Vl.slla. Porter-
T llle ' 420»
«.30a Port Costs. Msrtlnez. Antloch.
Byron, Lathrop. Mode«to. Mer-
ced, Fretno, Uoahen Junction.
Uaaford. Vlsalfa, l»»lter»neld ... 4.50»
8 50* Files. San Joie.Pleasanton. hirer-
more. Stockton, (t Milton). Lodl.
▼alley Spring, lose. Sacramento,
MarysTllle. Chlco. Red 81uff..... 4.20»>
8.30 a O«k(iale. Chlneae. Jamestown. So-
nor«. Tnolnmne and Angels +•£»*
8 00a The OTerl»nd Limited — Ogdsn.
Omaha, Chlcngo. Denver. Kansas
City "••• • 50 *
330 a Richmond Marrtnea and wsy
Station* ?|X
10 00a Vallejo, dany; 2J»j>a, Snaday • mn
10.00 a Anirelea senjter — Port
Costa. Martlnes, Byroa. Tracy,
Lsthrop. Merced. Uaymond.
Fresno, Goshen -function. Han-
ford, Lemoor-, Visa: la. Baker*-
field. Los Aaiteles 7 •*>•>
10.00 a El Paso. Kansas City, 8«. Loni*
and Chicago J-ZX m
12 00m Hay ward. Nlles and Way Station*. 3-20*
t1 00i» Sacramento Hirer Steamer*. Ml .OOP
2 Fort Coeta, Vallejo. Nspa. Salaoo,
i. Benicls, Klmlra, Winters. Sacra-
. mento. Woodland. X sights • ■ ,
Landing. M*ry» rllle and OroTlll* W.SOa
5 00Pn»yward.NlIea.Plea»anton,UTer- ■
more and Way Station* 7ZOP
3.30p Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,Tr»cy.
Lathrop, Modesto. Alereed.
Berendaand Fresno 12-20*
4CoPMarttnez.San Bunion. Vallejo. Nap*.
Callatog*. Santa Rosa. 9.20 a
4 30p Bayward, Slles, Ll»«rmors ] tI^MA
BOCs»The Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Banos. Meadota, Fresno. Talare,
Bakenaela. Los Angeles I>M*
••OOP Golden State Limited — El Pa*©,
Kansas City. St. Locli sad
Chicago *.50a
6-COp Eeno Fae-.eos? r— Xl!ei (iTTlnictoß,
San Jose . Ltveraiore, Stockton.
Lodl. Gait, Sacramento. Spark*.
I Tonopah, Gold&eld and Keeler.. 8 20*
t6 JOp Hay ward. Xlle» and Sen Joss 7-? 0 .*
t&.3o*> Vallejo, Port Coeta. Marttnea 11-20*
b UUP Hayward v Nlle«aßd San Jose ••M)a
6 OOp Eastern Expreaa — Omaba. Chicago.
Denrar. Kaaaaa City. sit. Louis.
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax. Keno, Sparks. MonteUo,
Dirden 12450*
J7XOp Richmond. Vallejo. San Pablo. Port
Costa. Martinez sod Way Stations 11.20 a
7-OOp Oregon * California Expree*— <Vla
Martinez and Bt«>c*ton> Sac- '
rameato, Maryirllle. Redding.
Portland. Paget Sound asd Kast. IQ.2QA
06p Hay ward. Nile* and San Jose (Son- -
day only) and War Station* tli&U
COAST LINE Carrim «-•*•>.
(Foot of Market Street.)
8 16a Newark. CenterrJUe. Saa Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Croz and W »j Station* 5 55*
|2.15p Newark. Ceaterrille. Baa Jose.
I Sew Almaden. I. ok Gato».F«ltoo.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crua and
Principal Way Statioaa '10-s&*
4-IBp Newark. Saa Jose. Los Gato*... <j ; !°'||^
09-sop Hunters." Train (Saturday only)—
San Jo»e and Way Sudont .. 17-25*
COAST LINE <l»ro*a «*»«•).
qr* (I'nlrd «.na TuwnnenU Streets.)
B.loa San Jose and Way Stations 6-3Cp
7 00a San Jose and WaV Stations „ 6 40*
B.ooa New Almaden (Tues.. Vrtd.. only). 4.10P
B.ooa T be Coawer— .lone. Saltnaa. " *
San A.rd», Pa*o Itohlea. Santa
Margarita. Sun Lula Oblspo,
Gaadalupe. G«tl ,t.t. Santa Bar-
bara, San r.uenateatari.Oxnarcl,
Burbank. Loi Angeles 1930*
B.ooa Gllroy. HolMster. CiutroT<Ue. Del
Monte. Pacific (.rove. Sarf. Lon>
poc 10.30*
9.00 a &an Jose, Tret Plnot.Watsonvtli*.
Cspltola. oanta C'rm, Pacific
(.rove. Salinas. San Lnl* Oblapo '*
and Princlpa. Way Stations. ... 4?op
1040 a 6an Jose and Way Stations t 20=>
11 -30a San Jo»e and Way Stations 7.303
2 IBr> baa Jose and Way Station* (-38 a
3 COp Del Monte Bxpresa — Santa Clara, "
tan Jose. W a tso n v 1 i 1 Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific GroTe 12 ISp
3-00p Los Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cms. via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge H0.45*
3-30P Valencia St.. Sonth San Francisco,
Bnrlinzai&e. San Jose. Gl>roy,
• Hoi lister. Tre»rnßos 10-48 a
4-SOp San Jose and Way Stations t3-Co*
15-COp Santa Clara, San Jose. Lot Cato*.
and principal V ay Station* ... t9-OOA
{6 30p ban Jos* and Principal Way Stations M.44U
6 4«p Bnn*et Express. — Redwood, San
Jo*e.Gtlroy,Sallna*,l^uo Koblea,
San Lulu Üblspo. Santa li*r»%,-a,
Los Angeles. Ueuilar, Xl Paso,
New Orleans 3 9-10j»
6.45p El Paso. Kansas City, St. Loots.
Chicago 10-Mp
8.46p Pajaro. WatsoßTille. Capitols,
Santa Cruz. CaatroTille. Del
Monte. Pacific Orore 1030*
TS-16»» tanii»teo, BeresforU.B«lmont.S«Ji
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Mealo Park, Palo Alto „ IS-48a
640p San Jeee and Waygutloaa. 4.38 a
8 COp Palo Alto sod Way Station* 10 Wa
11 ~3op South San Fraac!aci>, Mnibrae, Bur-
llagame, San Mateo, Belmoat.
Baa Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaka>
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto ..... *• j r
aIISOP May Held. Mooatala View. Sunny-
Tile, Lawrence. Saata Clara aad
, San Jose „ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ttUB»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Market St.)
r 7.11a.m. 9.00 a. m. 1100 a.m.
____^ 1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 8,18 *».«*,
A for Morning. P for Aftaraooa.
tlnnd»» except**. l Randay only.
■ laiarday only. • Monday oot%-
IS MS* at all *tatton* aa Sanday.
j ■
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEM IT. CO.
Tlburoa Perry. Poo* of Market *tr«««.
SAW PSAITOXSCO TO SAW BATAJSXk
WEEK DAYS— T:UO. 9:0O, 11:00 a. m. . I^:3*.
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:90 and U:3Op.aa.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. S:3».
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 d. m.
SAW BA7A£L TO SA2T PBA3TCX3CO.
W)v£K DAYS- tt;OS. XSHI ?:90. 9:20. 11:1*
a. m. ; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
. Saturdays- -Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. ta,
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:40. 11:15 a. m. : 1:40. 3:40.
4:05. 8:05. 6.25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. f San Fran. _
Week I Sun- I Destln*- I Sun- I Week
Days. I day*. I Moil - 1 days. f Day*. :
7:30 a 8:00 a 19: a, 8:40 »
9.30 a Ignaclow 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3.10 6:06 p 6:20 9
6:10 5:00 p 7:35 pi ;
7.30 a | 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Norato. 10:40 a 10:20*
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:06 pi 8.» E>
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa. I , m
7-30 a ~" 10:40 a 10:20 »
8:00 a • Fulton. T33 p\ 6:20 9
8:30 p 3:"0p _^ ■ j
" '• Windsor.
! 7:30 a 8:00 a Healdaburs. 10:40 a 10:29 ♦
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p GeyserTUle. 7:35 p «:»p
I | CloTerdale. ■
7.30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a) 10:20 *
8:30p|3:30pl and UHUh, | 7:35 p{ 6:20 9
I I Wllllts and J 1 ' /
7:30 8:00 a| Sherwood. |7:55p|6:20 9
7:30 a | 8:00 al " , J10:*0 a!I0:20 *
I 1:30 p( 3:30 p{ QqfrneTlll*. \ 7:SA pj_6:2o a
7:30 at B:Coai Sonoma v I 9:ioal 8:40 a
8:10 pi .8:00 PI Glen Ellen.> I 6:05 j>!_o:23_J>
j ~7:30 a|*9:oOaJ " 110:40 a|io':2o"»
! 8:30 3:30 p| Sebaatopoi. 17:35p| C:2O P
STAGES connect at Green Br*« for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Koaa for White Sulphur
Spring* and Marie West •prtna:*: at Lyf for
I Lytton Springs; at QwjrservlUe for Skagg*
i Spring*: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boons-
I v'.Ue and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe. Carls-
bad Springs. Srf'la Bay. Lakeport. Bart let i
Springs and « Lake County Hot Sprtngs: at
Ik ah for Vich? Springs. Saratoga Sprins.s
! Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*
' Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day*.
Riverside. Llerly's. Bucknetl's. Sanhedrla
Heights. Hullvllle. err. Hot Sprln&s. Halfway
House Comptche. Hopkins. Mrndoctno City.
1 Fort Bragg Westport and Usal; at WUllts for
• Fort Bragg. Hearst ami Sawyers; at Sherwood
! for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvttle. Ctimmlngs.
j Bell's Sprtngs. Harris. Hubbard Frutt!and.
! Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia.
• and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. -, ' .
On Sunday — Round- trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at naif rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
bntldtn*.
JAS U FRA2IER. . R. X. RTAN.
____^__ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Weekly Gall $1.00 Ber YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF UfE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks irregular. Cotton higher.
Local Stocks quieter, but Mining Shares active.
Sterling Exchange easier. Silver about the same.
Wheat and Barley Futures driven down by shorts.
Oats. Corn and Rye quiet and unchanged.
No material variation in Hay. Fcedstuffs or Beans.
Potatoes and Onions quirt and stcadw
Not much change in Poultry and Game.
Oranges quiet. Limes higher.- Apples slow.
Butter and E«gs week and the latter arriving heavily.
No advance in Cured Meats yet. Meat market reported dull.
1 ISraU StARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. B.— Money on call was
euedy at 2@2 1 4 i>er cent; closing bid, 2 p« r
c»-nt; crfred, 2% P*r cent.
Tlmt loans were steady, with 80 and 90 days
at S ;«?r cent and *ix months at 3i* i»er cent.
Vrime mercantile paper, 3Visj4Vi per cent.
| exchange was weak, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4.878504 .-" for
<3err.ai.d and at $4.8565 for Elxty-day bills.
I'.M^ted rates. $4.86%e4.8».
Commercial bills. $4-55%@4-85%
liar silver. «ll«.e. ■
Mexican d'oilarß, 47 %c
S Bonds — Gov«mnjent», steady; railroads,
firm. ' / : . -
_______ _
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. B.— The stock market
had Its rtrong point* to-day, »■ filch acted
with ruetalnitur effect on the general list. in
•'-cordance with the precedent of several days
previous. The movement In Reading and On
tario and Western was carried over from yes
tt-raay. But, on the other hand, yesterday's
buoyant ris* In Norfolk and Western, Atchi
eon. Tennessee Cccl and some others showed
evidence of having run out and halted
or turned back to-day. There were news
developments of interest and of Importance,
but price movements showed no direct reflec
tion of the«; Influences. Yesterday's rise m
Atchison. unexplained at the time, found the
motive in the election today of H. H. Rog- !
ers and H. C. Frick to the board of direct
ors. Wail street -.gards this is confirmation
of a report now 6evc-r_l monihs old of an ex
tension of hidings In this prcjierty in the In
terest of Uh.on Pacific domination in the
transcontinental railroad field. This particu
lar ~i>ort had long dropped out of eight, and
had not figured In the recent busy rumors of
railroad dtale. It U th« first really substan
tial evidence, however, that has come to the
public to corroborate the belief that the par- ;
Ucular parti' of financiers thus represented j
Is reaching cut for extension and consolida- ]
tlon of control in the railroad field. To this
extent it served to revive confidence In some
depree Sa other deal rumors which have been
infiuemiaJ in th« speculation. Union Pacific !
«w the only one of the stocks Immediately •
concerned to "be much affected to-day, Atchison,
lttelf, as has been SMI being subjected
to realizing. The rise in Reading and Ontario
and Western hud some explanation in the. high
rate of January production of anthracte and
in the report* ot reduction of stocks on hand
•n h:ch is resulting from winter obstacles. But
other members of th« group of coalers were
unresponsive, notable the Erie*. The easier
ton*? in the exchange market and the check
to ttoe export of pold to France had some ef
ifcct <n speculative sentiment, al—OURh large
engager..«2vs for Cuba and South America
s«-rved as a partly offsetting Influence. For
eign discount markets were inclined to be
easier, and the pric« of gold was lower In
London, while sterling exchange advanced In
l'arls. Peace rumors continued to affect the
fcrej— j markets, end there was some buying
h^-« of stocks for foreign account. Reports of
further purchase* of pig Iron by the United
Suites Pieel 1 ration was regarded as a ,
s*.ilfJ actory - Index of be Induetrl&l situation.
but United Stat^ Eteel stocks were not af
* r«vtetJ. There were many advances, however, I
«l other points' eC the industrial li6t_ There !
»a« toaw t*lk that Xew York. New Haven '
and "Hartford was extending ; Its hlodlngs of '
Ontario ar.d Western, and this wa# held to ac i
count fcr the buoyant upshoot In that stock. I
which served to support the market at the !
last and rnafie the closing strong. Previous to
this the large realizing, which had Ix-en In
progress all day, had rather generally over
come the ftrrr.r.ess of the market. The large
number ot offerings of new securities, which
ie in evidence In the financial advertising from
day to day. the local closing up of under
writing syndicate* and the ready absorption
of new bonds is a factor in the prevailing
strength of conditions in the Investment mar
ket.
Bonds were firm. Total sales (par value),
$6,410,000,
United - •-« br.'.< were all unchanged on
c_U.
NEW YORK STOCK LIFT
Stock*— Sales. High. Lew Clow.
Atchison 21,700 69«4 S*s% 88%
Atcfcisoa pfd 2,000 103 102% 102^,
Atlantic C Line.,.. 400 1.2% 122>4 1-.
Bait & Ohio . 34,700 106% 105% 10«%
Belt & Ohio pfd.. 100 98 «8 97%
Canadian Pacific .. 4,300 134% 133% 134%
Central of X J 400 201% 201 200
Che, & Ohio . . 16,100 51% 60%- 51%
Chicago -A Alton.. 200 41!« 41% 42
§ Chicago & A pf_ SO
Chicago G W .... 16,500 23«4 23 23 :
Chicago N' W 3,600 24H* 239 239^
Chi. Mil • St Paul. 11.000 177% 176% 176 V*
Chicago "&T. . . . 700 17% 17 17
Chicago T& T pfd. 600 31 30 30
CCC _St Louis.. 100 9«% 9«% 96%
Colorado &So 400 ■ 26% 26% -Cti^i
Colo So Ist pfd .. 300 64^4 64 64
Colo &. £0 2d pfd. 200 3St* 33 38
J.*lawjLre & Hudson 3.000 194 194 193%
Del. Leek & West 350'
Denver A Rio G 32%
D«n * Rl-, G pfd. 300 88 .... M%
Erie 31,100 44% ... • 43%
Erie Ist pfd 3.200 80*. .... 80%
F-rie 2d pfd 2,000 . 66 65%
Hocking Valley 90
Hocking Vel pfd... 200 91 »i 91
Illinois Central ... 8,900 157«» 168 156%
1 • wa Central sjs)£
lowa Central pfd 57
Kansas City So ... 3.C00 31% 3i'i 31%
Kan» City So pfd. 9.80» CS^ 6«% O«T_
Louisville & Nash... 2.600 lSfc% 137% 137%
Manhattan L 32.900 174% 171 173 V
Metropol SecuriUes. 19,400 S2^ 4 80% 82
Metropol St Ry .. 33,900 122% 119% m%
Mexican Central .. 6.100 23 22 22%
Mir.n A "' Louis .. 100 62 62 58
M.StP & B Ste M.. I.VjO 100=4 99% 991;
M.t-tP* fi 8 M pfd 100 159 159 100
Missouri Pacific .. 10,900 10S&i 107 li 107 i«i
Mo. Kans A- Tex... 3,900 S_2 31* 32^
tio, X A Tex pfd. 800 «:<£ tni£ «0«w
ICatior.l of Mx pfd . 41 a
M y Central 8,100 14S"i 14714 147 {*
XV. Ontario AW. 61.100 48% 45' a 43 2
Norfolk & Western. 10,300 83% 63U k.{2
Norfolk A W pfd.. 100 92 92 «•>
Pennsylvania 8C.500 140% 140 140^:
Plttabg, cC_ St L 300 82% 61% Sl%
Trading 296,200 97% 94% 96ii
Reading l«t prfl.... 100 o:{% 93% ssi!
Heading 2d pfd 900 ill. 91% 90
Rock Island Co ... 12.000 »5% ■ 34% 3414
Kock Ibl Co pfd... . 2,200 81}, 81 Vi 81
Xt L _ 6 F -. pfd 72»_
6t Louis 6 \v .... 2,000 27 26% 2C*k
6t Louis SIV pfd.. 6,600 64 C 2% Gr2
fcouthern Pacific .. 21,900 67% 66% 67L
■ouU.. Pac pfd.. 200 llfci» 11 s^ llsv
Bouthern Ky 6,400 34** 54% 34
Southern Ry pfd... 500 97S 87% 97%
Texas & Pacific .. 11.300 37% 36% 36%
Tol St L * West... l(»0 . 36% 36% 36
T. St L A Wert ptd 200 54 54 63%
inion Pacific 81,900 123% 122% 122%
Vnion Pacific pfd.. 100 97 97 87
"Wabash 2,200 23^4 22% 22 T 4
"lY.bash pfd 900 45% 45 45
Wheeling *: L E ■ UW
Wi* Central .. 1.000 23' 4 23% 23V*
Wis Central pfd... 1.500 5«% 43% 49%
Express Companies —
Adams - 237%
American 100 230 230 230
United States 300 134 133% 130
W«-Ils-Fargo 240
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 21.100 74% 7:: ■; •&%
Am Car * F 1.0 33»4 C 3 33>4
Am Car & F pfd. 800 93% 93%. 93
Am Cotton Oil .... 1.300 35% 34%. 34%
Am Cotton Oil pfd 94
Am Ie« 600 -6% «>4 «■*
Am Ice pfd 1,500 40% 59% 33%
Am linseed Oil .... 16
Ara Linseed O 'd M
Am Locomotive .. 1,400 37., 38% ::<>% i
Am Loco pfd 100 110% 110% 110% ,
Am Smelt _ Ref-- 10.800 57«4 86% 88% [
Am -•It «- R pfd 1.800 118% lIS% 11«%
Am Sugar R*f.... 5.400 144% 143% I*4
Am Tob prd B.SOO 99% 9SU 09
Anaconda M Co . 700 10«% 105% 106%
Proofclyn Rap Tr. IS MO 62T4 «1%. 62%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 15,200 49 . 47% 47%
Consolidated Gas.. 4.400 211 209 200
Corn Products 7,000 22% 21% -1"»
Com Products pfd. W0 76% 78% ; 78
I>is F^curitleg 300 S6V4 36« i 36
Gen Electric 4.000 lfcS% 187 V 187
Internatl Paper .. 1,400 22% 22 21%
Internat! Pap pfd. 77
Internatl Pump .. ...• .... S8
Internatl P pfd M?
Natlcmsl -•,* S»o .117,4 30% 31
Korth American .. 300 inn% 103 103
raciflr Mail ... R.flOO 4«5 44 'i 45Si
Peoples Gas €,400 109% 100 I0!»V.
Pressed Steel -. Car. f«on 3«% T,d Sfi%
Pressjfd Pte*l C pfd 500 M »0 89%
Pullman Pal Car 243
*»— -ibMc Steel .... • ■«» 16% i«— •■* I
, Republic Steel pfd. 2.300 71% , 71 70% !
Rubber Goods 2,000 27 26 20%
Rubber Goods pfd. bOO »«H 951* 96
! Term Coal & Iron. 20,200 77% 75*, 76%
C 8 Leather B. too 14»» 13% 13%
I V 6 Leather pfd.. 10,000 106% 105* 105%
iU S P.ealty . . T. 700 91 »1» 1 »0& ;
U S Rubber T.MC 3S»i 37% 3S
r 0 Rubber pfd... 4,400 109 Vi l<*Hi 108* {
V S Steel 33.100 31 1* 30% 80% ,
V S Steel pfd 17.200 04»<, 04 94
Vs. Carolina Chem. 2,«OO 36 35»i '■>'•
Va Car Chem pM. 1.300 10S% 10S 107%
Westinrhoufe Elec. 2,2'X> 181% ISO ISO
Western Union ... 900 93 92% 93
Total sales... 1.207,200
New York Bonds.
D S rtf 2s reg... 104%: Japan Cs. cert.... 98%
Do coupon 104%|L & N unified 45. 103
Do 3s reft lU3\iMan con gold 4s.ICC% |
I Do coupon 103»4]Mcx Central 45... 74
< Do new 4s reg.lill | Do Ist inc. .... 23
Do coupon.. 131 (Minn & St L 45.. 97% !
Do old 4s reg..105%!M. X & Texas 4s.l00"-i
Do coupon 105%j Do 2ds 86
I AJner Tob 45.... 7<;- 4 SB of ilex con 4s B'JH
i Do 6* 117& IK V C pen 3%5..100 l i
I Atch gen 4a .104 |NTN T J C gen 6s IStlVi
i Do adj 4a !'< -« N. Pacific 4a.. 105%
I Atlantic C L 45.103% Do 3s 77
, Bait & Ohio 45.. 14 - 4 Sot & W eon 4b.104
Do SV 8 93% OS L refdK 45... 9'%
'. Central of Ga 59.113 IPa cony 3%s l<4*j
Do Ist Inc 91 Reading gen fa... 103
Do 2d mc C 9IS L & I M con 58.117
Chee & Ohio 4%5.103 I 4IS I. & B F fp 4b. 92%
Chi & Alton 2%b. S2 ! «'St L S W con 4s. S2V4
C. B & Q new 48.100^1 Bra board A L 4s. --
C. R I & Pa- 4-. 82T4 so Pacific 4s 96%
Do col 5s 9C%|So Railway 5s 119% 1
C.C.C v SLjcn 4s.lO3Vi!Tex & Pac 1et5.. 122
J Chi Term ■»» OCVjIToI, St L & W 4s. S;!«4
Colo Midland 4s. 73%jt'nion Pacific t0.. 100 ,
Colo & S3 -1*.... 92^,1 Do Cony 4b 122V4
Cuba ss. cert 108% r_- s Steel 2<\ 55..'91%~
! Den & Rio G 4s.lol^!Wabash lsts 119%
Dlst - curities 5* 79%| Do deb R . 69%
j Erie prior lien 45.102 (Western Md 45... 93%
Do pen is 92 ;\v & L Erie 4«... ■ i
I V W & D C lsts.llO%!\Vis Central 45... 94*4 :
i Hock Val 4%5...11l |
New York Mining Stocks.
i Adams Con 20 Little Chief 05
' Alice »'.'; Ontario ....375
; Brecce lSlOphlr TOO
: liruns Con 06iPhoenlx 11
, Com Tunnel 09 Potoei 23
; Con Cal & Va. . . 2CO Savage '38
I Horn Silver . 1 60: Sierra Nevada.... M
j Iron Silver 2 CO'Small Hopes ...... 25
j Leadville Con O2'.Standard 1 50 j
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
I Money— |U S Steel 305&
j Call loans 2%(J3 | Do pfd 94%
; Time loans. .. S%@4%!W>Btltis: Common. 89
Bonds — | Mmmg —
• Atchlson 4s ..»..102%l Adventure 6%
Do adj 4s 93 lAilouez 19%
j ilex Central 4«.. 74 |Amal Copper .. 73*4
Railroad*— lAmer Zinc 11
i Atchlson MV j Atlantic ...: 18%
Do pfd H:r;!-am 32%
i Boeton & Albany. 2"iS iCaJuraet & H«eli
, Boston. it Maine. 177«4 [Centennial ]7«4 '
j Boston Elev 155 Copper I'.ang-e ... 08%
i ntchburs M . . 145 (Daly West 1.1%
i M« Central 22%JDom Coal 66U
1 X Y. N H & H..105 irranklln I©% !
j tTr.l on Pacific 122%|Granby 5*
Miscellaneous — [Isle Royale 25
i Ani*>r Arge Chem. 21Ti'Mai=s Mining 11%
Do rfd S9%|*4 ! <-ti!can 12V4 i
j Ar.ier Pn*u Tube. 5 " j Mohawk 52
j Amer Bugar ....143%1M0nt Ccal ft Coke 4%
! Do rfd 139 |O;d Dominion 26*4
i Am»r Tel & Tel.Ml^lOsceola 93'
| Air.fr Woolen ... 25*«! Parrot 27
Do pfd 991-ilQulncy 107
jDom'lron & 5... 181,4 Shannon <- 8%
] Ed Klect 11ium.. 251 14 Tamarack 130
On Electric ....IK" Trinity 10%
Mars Electric... I" 1 * V 5 Mining »M
Do rd m Vs OH 9%
Mass (in» 42 |Utah 41% '
T;nlt»Hi Fruit 108 |Victorla 4T«4 T << i
Un Shoe- Mach... 77 (Wlnona 11%
Do pfd 33 (Wolverine lit I
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money . . 88% i N V Central 15l«4
Do for acct 88*4 Ncr & Western... K>%
■ Anaconda 54! Do pfd 95
j AtchisT! Ol^jOnt & Western... 48
Do pfd 105% ! Pennsylvania 72%
, Bait & 'Mo 108 Rand Mines 11%
j Can Pacific 138 Reading 48 r N
! Ches & Ohio 53 ( D o Ist pfd 47%
1 Chi Great West.. 24' i Do 2d pfd 44',
j Chi. Mil & St P.lßl%'So Railway 35% j
De Beers 18 ! Do pfd !»«4
Den & Rio O 33*4 1 c o Pacific ... C 9%
Do pfd 79*4 (Union Pacific 12. -ii
Erie 45*«! Do pfd 99%
Do let pfd W%IC S^Steel 33
Do id pfd 67 1 -,' do rfd os »'
111 Central 160%'Wabanh 23%
Louis & Na«h... Do pfd 40%
M X & Texas... 33 (Spanish 4s 81%
Bar stiver — Steady; 2Si,d per ounce.
Money— 2U<|3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
i short bills Is 2% per cent and for three
1 months' bills 2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Feb. To-days treasury
etatement: Available cash balance $1-11,378 -
078; gold, $45.072.614.
Wmm York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. . B.— COTTON— Future*
opened firm. February, 1 7.Soc bid; March,
7.45 c; May. 7.52 c; August, 7.65 c; September,
T.CSc; October, 7.73 c; November, 7.75 c; De
cember, 7.75 c bid.
Futures closed steady. February, 7.49 c
March. 7.55 c: April, 7.55 c: May. 7.57 c; June
; 7.62 c; July. 7.67 c; August, 7.71 c; September!
1 7.72 c.
; Spot closed quiet. 10 points higher. Mid
' dling Uplands, 7.90 c: Middling Gulf. 8,15 c;
I sale?. 646 bales.
The Cotton Exchange will be closed Satur
day and Monday. Liverpool and New Orleans
market "will be open.
Hear Orleans Cotton Market.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. COTTON—
! Middling. 7%c. m ___ m ___^
Xew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Feb. 8— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,800 barrels; exports, 1042 barrels. Market
firm but »low.
WHEAT— Receipts, 9750 bushels. Spot. easy.
No. 2 red. nominal, elevator, and fl 21*4 *• o
b., afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 2C>?4 f. o.
b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba. $1 11% f. o. b.,
afloat. • Options were exceedingly dull all day
■ and generally weaker in response to lower ca
t bl«>*. a lens cash demand . and - liquidation.
May. $1 15*491 16 9-18, closed $1 15%; July.
*1 W^-i,! ..-.-,. closed $1 04%; September,
96^(5 87 3-l«, closed 00% c. " • • •:
HOPS— Quiet. . . , .
• WOOL— Quiet.
I PETROLEUM— Quiet.
HIDES— ... . - .: . .
COFFEE — The market for co!Im( ' futures
closed steady at a net decline of 10@20 points.
Sales. _102,000 bags, including: March, 7.25 c;
April. 20c: May. 7.30 c: July. 7.5057.55 c: Sep
tember. i.70©7.50c: December. 7.95®8.05c;
January 8.05 c. Spot Rio. quiet. No 7 Invoice,
e^: lid. quiet. Cordova, io@l3c. -
. JJ^GAR— Raw, dull. Fair refining. 4%c; cen
trifupal, !»n test. 5Hc: molame. sugar. 4%c.
Refined^ quiet; No. «. 5.3.V; No. 7. 5.40e;.N0.
r',?. -30c i No. % f,.25c; No. 10. 5.28 c; No. U.
a'lsS. : * N( \ 12 J 5 - <S5c; No - 13 - -t-lK*; No. 14^
4.90 c; confectioners' A, 5.90 c; mold A, 4.40 c;
cut loaf t(.75c; crushed. 6.7.V: powdered, 6.15 c;
granulated. e.CiSc; cubes e.3oc. •
BUTTER — Unchanged .
CHEE6E— Unchanged.
-Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
firmer, with Prime fruit In particular demand.
Common. 4©i%c; prim*. 5%©5% c; choice, C@
6^-.<. ■; fancy. «c. "
PRUNES— Are without special feature, with
prices ranging from 2c to 6%c. according to
»rade. . .
APUICOTS— Are quiet, but |)rm on small
supplies, with choice quoted at in«rio%e - ex
tra choice, ll«?12c, and fancy 11%@15c
PEACHES— Remain unchanged, with choice
held at O^eiOc; extra choice. 10^@lSc, and
fancy n UQUc,
RAISINS— Are attracting a little more Job
bing demand and are steady. ■ Loose Musca
tels, 204 c- Crown.. 4%@se;< London layers
fl UHtil 20; seeded raisins. s%@C%c.
Now York Metal Market.
NKW YORK. Feb. 8. — The London market
fur tin was (inner, spot closing at £131 5s and
at £130 6d lor futures. Locally the demand
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1905.
seemed a shade better and holders were firmer
in their view** the market ranging from about
$_» 25 to $_» 50.
Copper was unchanged at £67 5s for spot and
at £67 lls 3d for futures in the. London mar
ket. Locally the situation is without material
change. Some scattering lots, it is said, might
be secured a little below the quotations given,
but the larger produc«rn are still firm in their
views. Lake is held at $1 SO; electrolytic,
$1537>6@'15 50; casting, $15@15 25.
Lead v.-as unchanged at £12 Its 3d In Lon
don and at $4 4.'>© tOO in the local market,
which- Is still subject to special condition*.
The London tin market for spelter was un
changed at £24 1. .5. Locally the market Is
quiet, with quotations ranging from -50 10 to
$0 20. ft Is stated that some lots are offered
at $0 12>£.
■ Iron is unchanged at r>2s ed In Glasgow, but
a shade steadier in Middlesboro, closing at 4Ss
l*d. Locally iron is firmly held. No. lr foun
dry. Northern. $17 60@17 95; No. 2 foundry.
Northern, $17 sfr; No. 1 foundry, Southern, and
No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, $17 95ig18.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions. i
CHICAGO. Feb. — Dullness to the point '
where trading was almost at a standstill was
witnessed in the wheat pit to-day. Prices
throughout the- entire session showed a down
ward tendency. At the outset there was sell
ing of July by longs, who felt that the general
snowstorms throughout the winter wheat
bell would make prospects of new wheat
lin July more * reassuring. \ There was
; also Home selling of May by commis
; sion houses. Lower " prices at Liverpool ■
' had some effect on early trading. Initial quota- |
tions on May were off &@&c at $1 IBM,® !
1 16%. July was also down V6®V*c at i
$1 01%@l 01%. After July had sola oft to I
; f 1 01% the price rallied to $1 01% on buying
I of a fair line ■by a arorninent commission ;
house. In sympathy May sold up to $1 16%.
The support, However, was only temporary,
the market soon becoming easy on lack of
buying. One reason for the poor demand was
the fact that the domestic situation as to ex
letlr.g supplies and general distribution aa- t
i parent'y offered little encouragement •to be- '
I lever* In higher prices. . The increased ar- ,
rlvale from Minneapolis and Duluth formed
; probably one of the chief causes of moderate '
| selling here during the day by houses with
"Northwestern connections. Selling developed
fair proportions late in the* session and re
.; sulted in a weak feeling. , Closing prices were ;
at $1 10 % for May and $1 00% for July.
Notwithstanding the weakness of wheat the '
! corn market held comoaratively firm. May
opened unchanged to a shade higher at '45 %c j
to -4.1 >>, V -* •"« ! * <-■ and closed at 46»4c.
An effort by local bear leaders to raid the
! oats market was frustrated by active buying
' by shorts and commission houses. May closed
■ &C down at 30%&;J0!-ic. i
Considering the heavy receipts of live hogs,
; the provisions market was surprisingly steady.
iAt the lose May Dork and ribs were un
> changed at $12 $24 and $ti 82V4 respectively.
, Lard wan off i*c at.sti&7%.
The Board of Trade will be closed Monday,
; February Li — leeal holiday.
CHICAGO, Feb. B.— The leading future*
ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close
j heat. No. 2— • >*
j May 1 16»; 1 16% 1 18 1 16%
July 101^ 101% 1 00% 100%
September .... 03% U3% »2) 4 SKi%
Corn No. —
February vv ' V.V..V . ... 42% \
[ May 45H . 45^ 45 45%
July *$% ' 45% 45% ' 45^,
Oats No. 2—2 —
Februarys •.... .... .... .... 30
j May 31»» 31*, 3l>i% SOU
July so% 30% 20% 30
September 29 28 23 23
I Mess Pork, per- —
I February 12 62 i
j May 12 77 12 85 12 75 12 85
! July 12 87% 12 05 12 87% 12 92% ;
Lard, per 100 lbs— i
February .... -- i .Y. v 670 !
May 685 690 686 6 87% 1
July 700 00 6 97% 700 j
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— '
February -. ;'.V.. , 8 67%
May 660 6 82% 680 6 82%'
■ July 695 " 6 97% 6&5 6 97%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. B.— Cash quotations were
I as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 12© 1 1C: No. 3, $1 0501 18; No. 2 red, $1 18
0119%; No. 2 corn, 43"4 c; no. 2 yellow.
43 '-jo; No. 2 oats. 80c; No. 2 white. 31@32%c;
I No. 3 white. Sli* o32c; No. 2 rye, 74c; good
reeding barley. 370*34*:; fair to choice malting. ,
425-4tse;Xo. 1 flax seed. $116; No. 1 North-"
i western, $123; prime timothy seed. $2 62%;
i mess pork, per bbl. $12 60012 65; lard, per 100
lbs, $t> 67%@6 70; short-rib sides (loose). $6 60
«?«> 75; short clear sides (boxed), |6 87%
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23; clover I
contract grade, $12 50. . „..,
Articles— - ',■ Receipts. Shipments. !
Flour, . barrels .. 38.300 41000
Wheat, bushels 43,000 66,500
Corn, bushels 485 100 258 800
Oats, bushels .2391200 114 900 :
Rye. bushels 16,000 7s!o00
Barley, bushels 129,000 ■ 18, 100 !
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
, CHICAGO. Feb. B.— On the Produce Ex
; change to-day th? butter market was firm
Creameries, 21@31c: dairies. 21®28c. Errs
easy at mark. 25©30 c. . Cheese, steady, ll@
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Feb. CATTLE — Receipts.
23.000. Slow. Good to prime steers, $5 60»
6 25; poor to medium, $3 75<g* 45; stockers and
feeder?. $2 istg-4 30; cows. $1 25@4 35; heifers,
$204 90; canners, $1 23@2 55; bulls, $2@3 40;
calves, $3{?T SO. *«»»v.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 50.000; to-morrow
40.000. Market 15c lower. Mixed and butch
ers, $4 iOQ4SS; good to choice heavy. $4 754*
$4 90; rough heavy, $4 r,(V3>4 75; light $4 65ig>
4 65: bulk or sales, $4 00@4 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18,000. Steady to strong
Lambs, strong; good to choice wethers. $5 600
6; fair to choice mixed, $4 50!g-5 25: Western
sheep. $4 5056 25; native lambs, $5 75flS;
Western lambs. $5 7558.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. B.— CATTLE—
Receipts.- tiOOO. Steady to 10c lower. Native
steers, $3 50<e5 75; native cows and heifers
$1 75"g'4 25: stocken* and feeders, $2 75@4'>.V
bulls. $2 25553 65; calves, $3g > « 50; Western fed
steers, $3 5099 25: Western fed cows, $2<S>3 75
HOGS— Receipts, 15.000. Market 10c lower' ''
Bulk of sales. $4 70S* 90; heavy. 94 85@4 92%- |
packers, $4 753* 90; pigs and light. $4<S-4 SO " ' !
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000. Steady. Muttons
$4 5055C5; lambs, $6 50®7 65; range wethers!
$5 25@C 75; fed ewes, $4 75@5 35. . ■
Omaha.
OMAHA, Neb., Feb. B.— CATTLE— Receipts
3000. Slow. Native steers, $3Q3 CO; cows and
heifers. $2 75®4 10; canners, $180<§>3 50; stock
ers and feeders, $2 40^4 25; calves, $3 50125 75
bulls and stags, %\ 80@3 70. '
HOGS — Receipts, . 7000. Market 10c lower
Heavy, $4 65<g4 75; mixed, $4 3004 75- light
*4 454H55; pigs, $3 50@4 40; bulk of sale%
$4 60*4 65. j
SHEEP— Receipts, 4500. Steady. Western '
yearlings $5 75@6 40; wethers, $5@5 60- ewes
$4 25@6 25; lambs. $6 25 7 40. '
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign . Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat March. May. July !
Opening 7% 6 11% 6 11%
Closing... 1... 7 % 6 11% 611 I
PARIS.
Wheat— . ' Feb. May- Aug.
Opening 23 30 23 90
Closing 33 30 23 85
' Flour — / -
Opening... .....3005 30 80
Closing 30 05 30 80
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Feb.- WOOL— Steady. Me
dlum grades, combing and clothing 23@28%c/
light „ fine, 18@22c; heavy fine,. 14@17c- tub
washed, 27@41c. ____^__ ' . °
% Northern ; Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. WHEAT— WaIIa I
Walla, 86c; bluestem.- 91c; valley. 87c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. ? B.— WHEAT— Unchanged- '
bluestem, 91c; club,. 86c. . PQ|
Northern , Business.
SEATTLE, Feb. B.— Clearings, $653,461- bal
ances, $141,743. , . . ,
TACOMA. Feb. B.— Clearings, $381,045; bal
ances $18,500. ■ ; . j
PORTLAND, F*b. B.— Clearings, $534,818- *
balances, $46,815. ' ;■•-, -.-;.: v. * '
SPOKANE. Feb. B.— Clearings. $451,372; bal- i
ances, $65,595. .-m -
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, eixty days.. s4 85%@4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight ......". 4 88 - @4 BS^4
Sterling Exchange, cables...... 4 88%@4 88%
New York Exchange, , sight. . . . 07%@ ) — -
New York Exchange,' telegraphic 10 @ —
Silver.; per. ounce ...; 61%@- '—'/■
Mexican Dollars f! .Trrrrrrmyrrg Nominal 50 I
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris . . ;."..; ..*.".. ... . . ; . .5.14%
New York on Mexico .."... ':...... ;.;..., ;.202,
Paris on London i.T.TT^:.".~-.Tr.v;......25.17%i .T.TT^:.".~-.Tr.v;......25.17%
Berlin - : on London /.......:.. 20.48%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were not ma
terially changed. Chicago was %c lower on
the day. ' " .
In this market futures were extremely
active, the brokers • reporting 'it : the ' liveliest .
day for months. The bears hammered: the
market to such purpose that they beat prices
down 2c for May and %c for December. The
shorts are. trying to get the May option down
to where they can fill their contract*. • The
cash grain 'did, not ; sympathizer, with futures
and continued well held, though the demand
was slow. The statistical position of the mar
ket Is strong, the grain being scarce all over
the State. . . .. ..
•» , CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 sO@l 55; California
White Australian. $1 62%@1 65; k Northern
Club, $1 52 mil 55; Northern Bluestem,
$1 tt«V4@l 67%; Northern Red. 91 60 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
: Open. * High. Low. Close.
May $151% $1 51% $1 49% $149%
December ... 1 20% 1 29% 1 29% 1 29%
2 p. m. Session. j
Open. ' H^;h. Low. ■ Close. i
May— sales; $1 49% bid, $1 49% asked. . i
December ...$1 29%- $1 29% $1 20 $1 29
BARLEY — The bears made a raid on the
May option yesterday and drove It down 2V«c.
carrying December down 2c with it. Their
opportunity for a raid presented itself in the
recent widespread rain, coupled, with the re
ported countermanding of a Russian shipment
order for about 5000 or 6000 tons. It was re- !
ported that this large line of Barley was al
ready at tidewater ready to go aboard ship,
and the throwing of It on the market naturally
depressed the situation. Whether this report
prove fully correct or not, It was accepted as
approximately bo, and certainly served its pur
pose. The trading in the pit was reported the
heaviest for months. The cash grain weak
ened in sympathy and was reported sold down
as low as $1 18%. . •
A line of 1400 ctls came in from Kansas
and cold in bulk at $1 11% for export. ' Under
the provisions of the offering it had to go
for export to be purchasable at this figure,
for It came in under an export freight rate,
and If sold for local use IDe freight would
have to be added, besides the cost of eacklng,
which would place Its price somewhat about
•$1 35.
.;-! CASH PARLEY.
Feed. $1 18%@1 21*4; Brewing and Shipping
$1 22%@1 25; Chevalier, $1 22%@1 30 per ctl!
FUTURES. »
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. ' Low. Close.
May $1 20«, $120*4 $119 $119
December ... 92% 921 91% , 91
2 p. m. Session.
May— sales; $118% bid, $1 IS% asked.
December— No sales; 91% c bid. 92c asked.
' OATS The market was affected by the •harp
decline In Wheat and Barley futures and was
very dull, though prices showed no change.'
White, $1 45@1 67%; Surprise. $1 65@1 CO;
Red fdr feed. $1 47%@1 52% for No. 1 and
$1 40<31 45 for No. 2; choice, for seed, $1 50
f'il 55; Black, $1 35@1 45 for feed and $1 50@
1 65 for seed; Eastern White, $1 42% @1 60
per ctl. .
: CORN — The market . continued dull at un
changed quotations.
Western sacked, $1 25®1 27% for Tel
low and "White and $125 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 27V-@1 30;
small round do $1 85; White,- $1 25@1 30;
Egyptian, $1 35<gl 37% for White and $1 17%
©1 20 for Brown
RYE— sl 45@1 50 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI T.Vui 85 per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
.FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 80®
6 10. usual terms;- Bakers' Extras, $4 7(Hi(5;
Oregon and Washington, j jobbing ■ at $4@4 50
per bbl. _
FARINACEOUS GOODS Prices. in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour,' $3 60 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour, $3 75 (in barrels $4 75); Rye
Meal, $3 50 (in barrels $4 50); Rice Flour,
$8: Corn Meal $2 50; extra cream do, $3 75;
Oat Meal $4 25©! 50; Oat Groats, . $4 60;
Hominy, $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@
4 75; Cracked Wheat, $4; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour $3 75; Rolled Oats, bbls, $6 50®
7 50; In sacks, $C@7; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
There was no change in anything yesterday.
The circular of Somers & Co. said of Hay:
'•Receipts of Hay for the past week have
amounted to 3990 tons, in . comparison with
3480 tons for the week preceding. This Is
the heaviest week we have had for some time
past, and the amount of Hay brought in is
too great for our market to stand, especially
at this time of year, when the majority of
consumers are well stocked up.
"The export trade, which has been quite
active of late, has held the market up, and,
although the amount shipped, away has been
small compared to the estimated surplus of
Hay in ] the country, yet it must .be acknowl
edged a potent factor In holding prices up to
the present range. ;Of course it is impossible
to foretell how long this demand will con
tinue, but one thing seems certain, should it
suddenly cease, consignees would have much
more difficulty in disposing of their shipments
than --they have at", present. - .^■-«^--r-«i-T»u----;
"The continuance of abundant " rains*" has
given assurance of good crops and this has
caused many holders of Hay to week a market
for their stocks. Considerable amounts have
been offered from all sections of the country,
but present ' conditions give little encourage
ment for any one to buy." •-**
BRAN— S2I BOOS 260 per- ton.
MIDDLINGS— S26®2B 60 per ton.
SHORTS— S2I 60@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $25026
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill $3150®
32 50; Jobbing, $33- Cocoanut Cake $23@24;
Cocoanut Meal, $24@25; Corn Meal. $29 501?
30 50; Cracked , Corn, $30 60@31; Mixed Feed,
$24825; Horse Beans. $30® 40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed,'- 90c - per CM.-
HAY— Wheat $10014 60; Wheat and Oat,
$10@14; Oat, $9<f?l2 50; Barley and Oat $«®
10; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7@10; stable $9@10:
stock, $G@'7 00; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa, ?»@l2
per ton. .■. ■ ' *
STRAW— 3S@6Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The scarcity In small White Beans is caus
ing firmer prices in this description. Lima*
continue firm, with an Increasing demand for
Eastern account, as already mentioned. -.There
is nothing else new. ''
• BEANS— Bayos. $2 25©3 10; Pea, $3 25@
3 50: Butter $303 25; small White, $3@3 45;
large White $2<@-2 60; Pink, $2 50&3 60;
Red $4 75@5--Llma, $3 90@4; Red Kidneys.
$4 50«4 75- \ Blackeyes- $2 50®2 70 per ctl;
Horse Beans. $1 85@2 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2@2 75; Canary.
0%c;; Alfalfa. 12%ei3c; Rape. lU@2'Ac;
Timothy 5%c; Hemp. 3%@3%c per lb; Mil
let. 2%@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per
tori. - - •'•■'■ . •• ;.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2 50; Green
Peas. $1 Wg-2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The best lots of Onions and ' Burbank Pota
toes were still firmly held at full figures, but
there was not much business transacted dur- ;
ing the day as buyers were holding off pend- "
Ing the unloading of ■ the steamer - Columbia,
which brought : down : 4244 . sacks of Potatoes
and 553 sacks of Onions from Oregon. A car
of ' Sweets was marketed and : sold at " slightly \
lower prices. V«- '
Receipts of southern vegetables continued
light and the market was firm for all kind*,
particularly for Summer Squash, ; which had a
sharp advance. Mushrooms continued -. to ad
vance under decreased receipts, and Asparagus
from the river , Bold at 50c per pound.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 75c®
$1 05 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 40 per
ctl; Oregon '. Burbanks, $10133 per ctl;
River Reds, 65@75c per ctl; Early Rose, $1 25
61 50 per ctl; Garnet Chiles, $1 40@l 50 per
ctl ; Sweet Potatoes. 75@90c per ctl. .
ONIONS— S2 50@2 75 per ctl. • I
VEGETABLES — Pea*. 696 c per lb; ;
String Beans 10@12%c per lb; Wax Beans, 8@
10c; Tomatoes. $101 50 per box or < crate;
Summer Squash, |I@l 25 per box; Hothouse
Cucumfcers. $I@l 50 per dozen; Cabbage, ,
600 per ctl; Carrots, 30@40c. per sack; Garlic, !
10®llc per lb; Egg Plant, ; 10@12%c per lb; I
Dried Peppers, 10@12%c for sun-dried and 13® '
14c per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers, s@6c
per lb ■; for . Chile and *10@12%c : for - Bell:
Mushrooms, ' 20@25c per lb; Marrowfat and
Hubbard • Squash. $15 per ton. 1
Poultry and I Game. . I
Poultry was '. In ,; free supply and the ' market
had an easy tone. but. with, trade fairly ac
tive prices of live stock were well maintained.-
No more Western * came v in, but ' the market
was ,' liberally -\ supplied with stock . that had
been previously received, and the receipts from
domestic points were over 60 coops. Turkeys,
both live • and dressed, sold slowly. Eleven
cases of the latter came In. ■■: Changes In Game
were slight, the receipts being Just about suf
ficient to satisfy the demand. .. '
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. . 21@23c per lb; •
Live Turkeys. 18020 c per lb; Geese. per j
pair, $2®2 25; Goslings.-— ; Ducks. $5@6 per 1
dozen for old and $C(&7 for young; Hens. $5® J
6 50 • for small and $606 50 for large; young I
Roosters ~ $6*30 !>0; old Roosters.- $4 50@5; Fry- :
ers $s<??<i: Broilers, $3 60^4 60; Pigeons $ia 1
1 25; Squabs. $2@2 60. / „!,'. ?\
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $304 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3@4 50; Teal, $1 15001 75; Sprig '
$2»2 50; Gray Ducks,' $2; 'Widgeon, $v 50;
Red '■"=• Heads, -; $2 50; > Black Jacks, $1 60;
Spoonbills, $1 25; Gray :< Geese, . $3; ; White
Geese, 75cS$l 60: Brant, $2 i- for large and •:
$1 for small; Honkers. $3 6003;* Snipe $3
for English : and $1-60 for common ; Hare. $2; ,
Rabbits.. $2 60 for ,' Cottontails and} $1 • 50 \ for
Brush. - ______ -' - ■'■
Butter, Clieese and Eggs. \
The Butter market i continued easy, though
prices -showed "no change.-; Receipts were lib
eral. l% There ; was no ■ change In Cheese. >1 Ar- -'
rivals 'i of t Eggs ?. were ■ the j largest | for I months,
being 019 case* and the market was decidedly
weak .: The » only. ■ thing v that . kept •* it . from
breaking was a pood demand for northern ship
ment. Store Eggs were reported : sold . at . a ••.
slight decline, -: though good : lots f still brought :
25c without t much difficulty. They continue ,
relatively firmer than ranch. , , , ' :■-..;.
?■ Receipts were 50,500 lbs , Butter. 919 ' cases
Eggs and 43,100 lbs Cheese. :■■: . ■:,m-*s*sps
»« — Creamery ' nt first : hands. - 27%©
28c ' for .' extras '• and ; 26@27c j for •■ lower" to i me
dium grades : • dairy, i 22(&25c ; • cold ' storage 22®
24c; • store -\ Butter, : - 13@15c ; \ Eastern ■ , cubes
nominal ; Eastern. ladle-packed,' 15i®16c.. ■
CHEESE— loeilo for r fair - to ? choice mild .
new and 10c for old; Young Americas. ll@12c;
Eastern. 13@15c per lb. • -
EGGS— Ranch. : 2&827 c for good to choice
and 25c for common; : store Eggs, 24@>25c; ' cold
storage, nominal Eastern, nominal at 2*J@24e '
per dozen. v ■ -. . — -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
/ Trade ' in the open s market , for . Oranges was
quiet again and . there .was i' general, complaint
among retailers of -the light consumptive de
mand. In the auction rooms a fair amount of
business was' done in cheap fruit, •' peddlers
taking the bulk of the offerings of standards
at low prices. - Seven cars of ordinary, fruit
were disposed of, fancy selling at". $I@l 60,
choice at 85c35l 40 • and 1 standard at 75c@$l.
Mexican ■' Limes were closely cleaned up and
higher, while the other • Citrus 1 , descriptions
were plentiful and dull. at weak prices. Apples
moved slowly, only . the very best stock being
wanted. - ,d, d .- • .:  ' -.-  * ;
APPLES— SI©I 50 per . box for fancy and
75c<3'$l for common to choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navels. $1 25®
175 per .box for fancy. |I@l 50 for
choice and 85c*i$l 25 for standard; Tangerines
90c@$l; Lemtms. $2@2 50 for fancy. $1 25@1 75
for choice and • $I@l 25 for standards; Grape
Fruit, *1 50@2; Mexican Limes. $s<gs 50 per
case; Bananas, $15002 50 per bunch for Cen
tral American - and 75c@$l-50 for Hawaiian; j
Pineapples. , $2@3 per dozen. |
1
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey. I
FRUlTS— Apricots, S@llc for Royals and '
11%@12%c for Moorparks; Nectarines. 7*49
B%c for White and . 7%c for Red; . Peaches.
S'<r<i'..e per lb; Pears. 7@l2c; Plums, pitted,
4@sc for black, s^@7c for red and 4^@«c
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks, 45c; 3-crown,
50c; 4-crown, 6-crown, 65c; bulk white,
2%@3c- black, 2»s<&sUc; Evaporated Apples, ,
4@7c per lb. . . . I
— l%dn%c per lb for the four slaes
and 2^c basis for the large sizes. ■
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters. $2 25@2 50; Dehesa. $1 3501 40;
London Layers, 85c@$l; Loose Muscatels 4
crown, 4% @5c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 39
3^c; Seeded 4%(g«ic; Thompson's Seedless,
4». t0-!'"'-; Seedless Sultanas, 3@sc per lb.
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12@13c;
No 2, 10@llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c ; No. 2,
10c; Almonds 16®17c for Nonpariels, 14@14Hc
for I X L, 13i. i r u l4M,c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts. C@7c ' for
Eastern; Pecans, ..ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 60g5;
Chestnuts 7@»c per lb : for Italian.
HONEY — Comb. 10@12c for white and 9@loc
for amber; - water white extracted. s^^
613 C; light amber extracted, s@s^c; dark, ag»
4V4c. . - ■■-.., 1
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb. "
Provisions. . j
The market continues . unchanged 'In every
respect, the expected advance In Cured Meats
having not yet been announced. . ■"
CURED, MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c foe light,
12-..c for extra light and 14'ic for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides, 9c; Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs, 12c; 15 to 16
lbs, ll^c; 17 to 20 lbs, lie; California Hams.
II He; Mess Beef, *10@10 50 per bbl; .extra
Mess. $10 50©ll; Family, $12012 50; - prime
Mess. Pork $14 50; extra clear, $22; Mess,
$1« 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked
Beef, ■ 14c per lb. -
-LARD — Tiercee quoted at 5%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and B>4c for pure; half-barrels pure. B%c; 1
i 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins. »^c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 7%c; three
half barrels. 7%c; one tierce, 7 Vic; two tierces,
7%C;.flve tierces.- 7c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops. J^ 2
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about J /S@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 12c; medium, lie; light, 10% c; CoW
Hides. 10^c for heavy and 10c for light:
Stags, Sc : Salted Kip lie; Salted Veal. ll%c;
Salted Calf 12% c; dry Hides. 18c; dry Kip,
16c; dry Calf, 22c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 253
4i>c each; ; short Wool, 50@75c each; medium,
POcigJl 10; long Wool. . $1 1501 75; Horse 1
Hides, salt, $3 for large - and $2 60 ■ for me
dium. $1 50@2 for small and 50c • for Colts; I
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 25® 1
1 50 for medium. $1 for small. 60c for Colt*, j
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c: • dry Central American, 30c;
Goat Skins — Prime , Angoras, 75c; extra large
do, $1 25: large, 50c; medium, 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered 4@4^c per lb;
No. 2. 3@3^c; Grease. 2@2%c
WOOI> — Nominal; none here
HOP3 — crop. 25<327e per lb; 1905 crop,
I7@ißc. .. -. -:. -
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: - '
I BEEF— for Steers and 4©5% c per lb
for Cows. i - ~
VEAL— Large, 5%@7c; small. 7^'a>9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7<g7%c; Ewe*. 6Va@7c
per lb.
LAMB— per lb for Yearlings and
12>4@15c for Spring.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6%©9 c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. '.
£a The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 40^
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle : •
CATTLE— Steers. THOTHcj Cows and Heif
ers. 5%<58!6c; thin Cows 4® sc per lb.
CALVES — 4@4%c per lb (gross weight). '.
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3?4c; - Ewes. 3@3V4c
per lb (gross weight). ■ -• ■■
LAMBS— 50(52 75 per head. ">
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs, sc; 130 :
to 2CO lbs. *%B: SO to 130 lbs. 4?4©3e:
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20. per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations. .
General Merchandise.
BAGS Grain. Bags. s%©Bc spot and 6t4@
614 c for June and -July; Wool Bags, 80@32c; .
Fleece Twine. 7^4c. - -';-;
— Wellington. . $8 per ton; New "Wel- '
lington, $8: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $6 50; ;
Beaver Hill. *5 50; Roslyn, »7; Coos Bay, |r. 50;
Richmond, $-9; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, '
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; -Welsh Lump, 1
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13 per !
ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain i
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
— Quotations are for barrel*; for cases I
add 6c; Linseed. 55c per gallon for
boiled and 53c for raw; ; . Castor Oil, In i
cases. No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. cases, !
$1 1401 16: Lucol. 50c for belled and 4Sc for,
raw; China Nut. cases, 65t?80c per gallon; Co
coanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached * winter Sperm
Oil, 68c: natural winter Sperm OH, 63e: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil; 67e; natural Whale
Oil. 52e; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c; -
No. 1 Lard .Oil, 65c; pure Neatsfoot' Oil 73c
No. 1 Neatsfoot > Oil. C3c; light Herring OIL I
42c; dark Herring Oil, 40c: Salmon Oil 34c;
boiled Fish Oil. 37c ; raw Fish OH 35c- boiled
Paint Oil, 83c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil. in bulk. 12% c; Pearl Oil. in cases,
19c; Astral. 19c: Star. 19e; Extra Star, 22c;
Elaine. 25c;; Eocene, 1 21c: Stove Gasoline, In
bulk. 16c: in canes. 22Hc; Motor Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c: in cases, -22% c; No. 1 Engine Dis- i
tillate. iron bbls or drums. 8c ; No. 2 do, 6Uc- '■
cases, 6%c more; Benzine. In bulk 13c; In '
cases, 19 % c; 86-degree Gasoline in bulk 25c- !
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 7Bc per gallon In cases and
72c In drums and Iron barrels. *
RED AND WHITE LEAD-^Red Lead, 7K®
8c per i lb : White Lead, 7H@Bc. according to
quantity. "
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com- !
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags: i
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.23 c; :
Powdered, 6.10 c; Candy Granulated. 6.10 c; Dry !
, Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse, !
6c; Fruit Granulated. Cc; Beet Granulated,
(100-lb bags only). 5.80 c; Confectioners* A; 6c; !
Magnolia A. S.fiOc: ;Extra .C. 5.50 c; Golden C. '
6.40 c- "D," 5.30 c: barrels. 10c more; half bar- 1
rels, • 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels, i
6.50 c; boxes. 6.75 c; H. & E. Crystal Domino 3, j
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, ; FEBRUARY 8
Flour, qr sks. . ." 2,690 Wine, gals 83,900
Wheat, ctls ..... 703 Quicksilver . flsks. 57
Barley, ctls .... 5,345 Broomcorn, bdls.. 151
Oats, ctls ...... 882 Feed sks ....... 44
Tallow, etta .... 221 Bean's, sks .....-• 1 117
Sugar, ctls ..... 1,640 Corn, ctls *. 125
Chicory, bbla... Potatoes, eks ... 8,822
Leather, rolls,'.. ' Bran. . sks ..'.'.:. 605:
Hides. No ....;;. 144' Middlings, sks ... 1,176 ;
Pel t».- bdls .'..:.. 600 Hay,- -tons -......"•: 690
Lime, bbls .. .... 1 18?' Hops bales 56
Paper, rolls .... * 635' W00l bales 33
OREGON. "
Flour, qr ..10.824' Potatoes, ska .... 4 244
Wheat. - ctl» ••". . . .12,600 Onions, ' sks 553
Oats, ctls ...;:. 3.000 Bran, sks .... . . 300
EASTERN. y--7y --7
Barley. ctls .... 1.4 C»!
STOCK MARKET.
Bonds and Mining Stocks Active, !.<»
cal Stocks Quiet.
Yesterday vSrb another good day In bonds,
but a quiet day in stocks of the Stock and
Bond Exchange. The sales of bonds amounted
to $90,000. The sugar stocks were generally
weak, with fractional declines, and Hawaiian
sold down to $01. Spring Valley Water was
higher, touching $38, and Gas and Electric
advanced to $53 50.
In mlnins shares the Comstocks were gen
erally lower and without excitement. The
Tonopahs. on the contrary, were firm, with
sales large and a number of stocks showing
marked advances. The oil stocks continued
inactive.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany raid a regular monthly dividend of 90
cents ncr share, or $9000. yesterday.
The Southern Pacific Company gives notice
that the Central Pacific Railroad through short
Itne first mortgage 4 per cent gold bonds due
October 1, 1954. are now ready for delivery to
the holders of temporary certificates. The
Centra! Pacific short line Is the Lucin cut-off,
on which tho bonds are a lien.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. k B— 2 p. m. .'
• -UNITED STATES BONDS.
■"*'-."-: Bid. Ask. I"- .- V Bid. Ask.
.4a ; <tr coup. .106^106 .--; |4s qr .cp new.l3ottl3l&
4s qr reg.'. -105%10« |3s qr c0ttp.,.103%104%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW* ss. — — |O G LAH ss.lOS' —
AssoOll ss. 83% — lOW gtd ss. — —
Bay CPC ss. 103 1* — | Oceanic S 5». 6fl 70
Cal C G ss. — 105 Om Cable Us. 122 —
Cal G& E g iPacG Im 4s. — 98
m& ct 6s. 88 - IF E Ry Ss.lOS^ —
Cal-st C 53.113 — |P &C H 63. 103%*—
C C Wat ss. — 100 P & O R tJs.US —
EdL & P Jii.l23^a — !Powell-st t*<. — 114' i
F& C H is. — 120 Sac EG&RSs.IO3 —
Geary-st 09.. — 90 SF & 5JV55.120% —
H C&S 5%5.105 — Sierra R «s.. — —
Do 5a 106J4 — is P of A 69
Hon RT C 5.106 — (19C9) 107*; — ■
L A Elec ss. — — (1010) .....108% —
LAG &E1 ss. 101 . — S P of C «•
LA Ry 55.. — -.- — I (19C6)Sr A. — —
LAL gtd ss. — 105% (1905)5r 8.102 —
LAP lem 55.101% — I (1006) 105 —
Mkt-st C 65.115 116 ' (1912) — —
Do lem 1164 — SPG 1 eg Us. - —
MV& , MtTS».IOO 110 ! Do stampd.loß%lo9%
NRR of Ctis.lo4 ■ — S P B R es.l."» —
Do 5s ...121 121 VS V Wat 8».105% —
X P C R 55.104' i — Do 4s 2dm.100 100U
N C Ry 55.. — 112 I Do 4s 3dm. 99*4100
XC P C ss. — ICO 1 Do g mtg4s twm, —
■XS R R ss. 90^101 IStkn GAEBB. 98 —
Oak TCo 69.121 — |U O & sa. — —
Do 5s .... — — pURof SF 4s. 89% 90%
Do con 65.105%106%[ %
■WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa »H t 39 -V Port Co«ta... -*■ ' ,— : "
Marln C 0.... 55 59% is V Wat Co. 37% 38
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% — [S F Q A E. 53H 53%
Mutual EL. 10 11 % Stkn GA E. — ft%
Pac L C 0... 58 60 rG * B Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 !
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl 8k.130 135 'L PA A 162 . —
Anglo-Cal ..89 91 ' Mer Trust.. ..220 250
Bank of Cal. — 444 iMerch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — IS F National — —
First Nationl — 350 |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2330 — ISav A L So.. — 100
Hum &I* — — Sec Sar Bk.. — 410
Mutual Say. 09 — Union T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say U. 610 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California . .205 — 'Presidio 40 —
Geary — 50 j
POWDER.
Giant 64 66 iVlgortt 8 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 00% — iMakawell C. 3*'-i 39
j Honokaa S C 23% — Onomea S C. TO 39%
Hutch 8 P C 17% ISV4 Paauhau S C 26% 27
Kilauea S C. 5 5%|
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 87 Oceanic S Co. 4U, 5
Cal F C A. &S%IOO IPac Aux FA. 4 —
Cal Wine A. — 81 Pac C Borx. — 153%
MV& MtTm. 95 ICO I Pac S Tel C 0.107% —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Contra Costa Water, cash 39 00
15 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 91 50
300 HonokaaS Co 23 50
75 Honokaa S Co 23 37%
15 Hutchinson S P Co 17 75
25 Makaweli ...'. 38 25
25 Makaweli 8S 5O
160 Paauhau 9 P C 0..... ; 26 50
240 Paauhau S P Co. 26 25
130 Paauhau S P Co. -. 26 OO
100 S F Gas A Electric 6-1 CO
5 Spring Valley Water Co 37 «24
120 Spring Valley Water Co 38 CO
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 55... 100 23
$2,000 Los Angeles Ry 5a 117 37Ji
$3,000 Northern Ry of Cal 9s 121 50
$.t.OOO Oakland Transit 5s 112 .*>o
$7,000 Sacramento El Gas A Ry 5»..102 87%
$1,000 9 P of C 6s (1905. Series A) . 102 37%
$5.000 3 P of C 6s (1912) 116 5©
$2/100 United R R of S F 4a 90 00
$13,000 Cal Gas &. El O M & C T 55.. 00
$15,000 Cal Gas AEIGMACTSs..97 87%
Street— _
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 88 DO
Afternoon Session.
! Board — ~-"V
5 Alaska Packers' Association... S8 50
50 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar »1 00
70 Makaweli SS 50
300 Paauhau S P C 0.... 1 ... 26 M
75 S F Gas A Electric ; 53 25
150 S F Gas A Electric ". 53 SO
150 Spring Valley Water. Co- 37 75
$I.<X)O Pacific Electric Ry 6« 108 ?5
$3.C00 Sacramento El Gas A Ry 55..1(K«)0
$20,000 Cal Gas & El G M ft C T 55.. WOO
s Street — '
100 Contra Costa. Water .......... 89 00
$10,000 Pacific Electric Ry 55... 108 25
[■-)■'; Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC «».100 103HISF A NP ss. — 113
B L Wat 6s. — 114%|S P Co 44s.l«Mi —
Cal N\v 55..11 l — Sun Tel 6a... 110 — '•£
M C Wat ss. — 114 I Do 5s 106% —
!SF Drdk ss. 112 — fSuttr-st R55.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
: Ala S C 0... — 26 iNev Nat 8k.22S — ;
Amer Bis Co — • 90 IN SR R Co. — ' 12U
Cal Cot Mils SO — IN CaJ P Co. 9 104
Cal GAECor. 50 — Oak Bk Sav.l2s —■, .
Cal Powder. l3o 145 . Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T — 153 HOOF Hall A 64 —
Cen-Bk. Oak — 75 Orpheum Co.. — 16U
Chutes Co . . 5 6 PacC Cas Co. 125 —
City ACBk — 120 PacSur C 0. .105 — '
Cyp L Imp.. — 6 |Paraf Paint.. 44 —
DptPwd pfd. — 80 IS F Drydock — 65
Do com ..50 — |SF*SJ Coal. 174 20
FN Bk. 0ak.120 — S Jos* Wat.lOSU£ —
Fischer Thtr — IVi SO & MT*bt.l2s —
Frnch-A 8k.103%110. I Swiss- A 8k..120 —
Hono P Co.. — 37 V1 'Truck Elect.. 12 — '
Do pool . .' — . 89 (Union 8 Co. . — 80 i
Lon& SF Bk 67 75 [UR - InC pM. 7S 80
Mat Nay Co 70 — [ Do com ... IT — i
Mils Nat 8k.300 — f "
* SALES.
Morning Session.
Street — •
200 Cal Gas A Elect Corp 50 06 :
Afternoon Session.
Street—
190 Cal Gas ft Elect Corp 50 00 j
California. Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stocks— > Bid. Asked. '
Apollo .... 35
Asso Oil Co cert M 29
Claremont ......... 75 77%
Forty ; 4S
Independence , ...... 27 28
Monarch lof Arizona ........ .... 22 I
Monte Crlsto 80
Occidental of W Va OS
Oil City Petroleum 60 • 65 !
Peerless ......... 14 CO
West Shore ....;............' 1 88 ....
Miscellaneous — . v
Northern Cal Power 9 75 ....
Pacific States Tel A Tel IOC 50 .... "
Truckee Electric 100- ....
SALES.
* - Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 Claremont 75
100 Monte Crlsto ..:.. 824
4i *> Monte Crlsto 80
1000 Associated XI
100 Caribou *.........- T 28 ' i
SCO Independence ......... 27
ISO Senator .'. 85
Mining Storks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session— Corns tocks.
400 Andes 32' 800 Mexican .. 2 15
100 Belcher ...... 23 100 Mexican ......2 10
100 Belcher ...... 22' 350 Ophlr 7 25
200 Caledonia .... 611 100 Overman 27
300 Caledonia ' 60; 200 Savage 40
800 Con Cal A V.2 06! 900 Seg Belcher... 12
200 Crown Point.. 18; 2<X> Scorpion ..:... 24
100 Exchequer ... 60 3,10 Sierra Nev.... 4k
200 Gould A Cur. 23 300 Silver Hi 11.... 6jT
1100 Hale A 1 Norc.l 45 1200 Union Cob . . . ■ ' «l
40 Hale A Norc.l 40 700 Utah IS
100 Justice ...... 1411100 Yellow Jacket. 27
■ 600 Kentuck .... 041
Afternoon Session— Corns tocks.
500 Alta. :... 061 300 Mexican ......2 10
200 Andes ....... 33 300 Ophir kT 25
200 Caledonia .... 62 100 Ophlr ......7 124
650. Con Cal A V.2 10) 100 Sav&g* MO
500 Crown P- 1 -' ■• 17 I<X> Scorpion 24
500 Hale A Norc.l 40! 500 Seg Belcher... 12
100 Gould A Cur. 221 500 Union C0n.... 63
J CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 17 lOlJulla ....:.... 06 07
Alt* .......'..' 05 06 Justice 13 '14
Andes ..." 34 36: Kentnck 03 C 4
Belcher 22 2-5 Lady Wash ..02 04
Best A Belch.l 25 1 30; Mexican 2 10 2 15
Bullion 26 t2B Occidental ... 85 90
Caledonia .... «1 • « ! Ophlr 7 124 725
Challenge -.':-. 28 30 Overman -....; 27 29
Chollar ...... 27 28 Potosi 13 14
Confidence ... .93 9'"> Savage 39 '40
Con Cal A V.2 10 215 ScorpHon 23 25
Con Imperial. 01 02 1 S««; Belcher... 12 13
Crown Point.. 17 - ISl Sierra NeT.... 40 41
Con NY .... 03 04! Silver Hilt.... 64 —
Exchequer ... «50 52' St. Louis .... — 10
E. Sierra Nev 03 06' Syndicate .... — 20
Eureka Con.. •" — SO' Union Con ... 62 *4
Gould A Cur. 22 231 Utah 17 19
Hale A Norc.l 35 X 451 Yellow Jacket. 25 27
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
2000 Black Butte.. ' 31} 100 Moat Ton. 974
2900 Black Butte.. 3011300 North , Star 39
, 1000 Bull A Bear. 12 2800 North . Star... 4O
f 1000 Bullfrog Mln. -80 7500 North Star 41
1500 Bullfrog Ex.. 2516850 North Star... 42
1000 Con Mercur... ,38! 5000 North Star... 45
1500 Diamondfield. i 601000 N V Ton Con. 12
1000 Dixie Mm ... 26 1 2000 Oakland ■ 16
3200 Gold Anchor.. 1500 Or4g Bullfrog. 47
600 Gold Anchor. . - 7S'WC<> Ort» - Bullfrog . 48
200 Gold Anchor.. 7713C00 Ori* Bullfrog. 50
200 Gold Anchor. . -; 79 2000 Paymaster ... C 5
100 Oo'.dfleld Mln. 751 500 Ray A O'Brien 08
: 500 GoldSeld Mln. 7413000 Red Top ..... 24
600 Goldfleld ; Mln. 72' 2300 Red Top ....^ 23
:- COO Goldfleld Mm. .7119500 Rescue .::..;. .10
2000 Great Westrn 04! 2000 Pylvanla 27
! 300 Jim Butler «O!25<X) Ton Belmont.. S3
100 Jim ' Butler - . . ■ B7I1«OO Ton Belmont.. Ml
15C0 Jim. Butler ■-. ■ 531 500 Ton Gold Mt."; 17
I ' 500 Jumbo •M ' Co. - 70t ICOO Ton Gold Mt. . 19
2300 Kendall ..... 37 "m0 Ton Midway.. 9.1
ICT.O MacNamara.. 58 20n0 Ton Midway.. v 94
! 700 MacNamara;. 56!««W1O Ton . Midway. .1 00
' 500 MacNamara.. 1000 Ton Midway.. 96
500 Mont Bullfrog 20! 500 Ton Mdway 1 024
BOARD MEMBERS
WANT TO KNOW
The members of the Board of Public
Works yesterday adopted a resolution
asking th« City Attorney for an
opinion as to whether they or the Su
pervisors have the power to designate
what kind of paving material shall be
used for street work. The opinion is
desire* in view of the fact that the
Works Board has recommended the use
of bitumen on H street, between Sev
enth and Twentieth avenues, and Mis
sion street, between Oncndaga and Por
ter avenues, and the Sup. , visors' Street
Committee insists on asphalt being
used in the paving; of the two streets.
The board awarded tho contract for
paving and widening Fourth street,
from Market to Howard, to Flinn &
Treacy for SI7.6SS 64.
The board also awarded the contracts
for repaying the street in front of th«
Phelan building and repairing Market
street from Second to Twelfth to the
City Street Improvement Company, th*
lowest bidder. The former contract will
cost about $1000 and the latter only $495.
Bids were ordered invited for th*» re
pair of bituminous pavements on block*
on Second. Third. Eighth. , Folsom,
Front. California. Sansome, Montgom
ery, Kearay. Bush, Sutter and Post
streets, sadly in need of it.
City Engineer Woodward reported
that all property owners maintaining
area walks on Fourth street, between
Market and Howard, have been in
structed to reconstruct the same along
the official curb line of the street. The
gas, water, telephone and other compa
nies have been notified to prepare for
the improvement of the street, and- the
United Railroads to set back thetr poles
four feet on each side of the street, an
the sidewalk widths will be reduced
from nineteen. to fifteen feet.
The bid of $1075 for the construction
of a safety station at Market anl
Powell streets was rejected as exces
sive and new proposals ordered invited.
Representatives of the California
Automobile Club extended a personal
invitation to the members of the boar'l
to attend a smoker on Saturday even
ing February 18. and took occasion to
compliment the board for its efforts to
have the streets repaired.
1 600 Mont Bullfrog 19 : 3O0O Verde- 06
: 200 Mont Ton .. .2 9& 1000 Verde 07
, 500 Mont T0n.. 3 07%!
. Afternoon Session.
1500 Adams 1811000 Mont Ton -.3 ©7%
900 Black Butte.. 3Ot 20» Mont Ton ...2 90
500 Black Butte.. Cl!l2.2C<> North Star. 44
500 Bullfrog Ex.. 25t4.T00 North Star ... 43
SOOO Dixie Mln ... 2«l2200 North Star ... 48
7COO D'x'.e Mln ... 27 1 12. 0C0 North Star.. 47
1000 Gold Anchor.. 75! too Oh!o Ton .... 4©
28CO GoMileld Mln. 7312C00 Reacue 10
: 600 GoMM Mln. 72|1000 Rescue 09
85C0 GoMfleld»Mln. 70| 800 Red Top 24
2500 OoJdnVM Mln. 73> .*.><> Ton Belmont.. «6
1000 GoldSeld Mln. 71115T0 Ton BHiriont.. 92
I<XO Hlbernla 1400 Ton Belmont.. 87
2CCO Indiana 15 '> Ton Belmont.. 8*
20CO Indiana .... 14'K.CO Ton !mont.. 89
SCOO Indiana l«!2oco Ton B-'mont.. 93
ICO Jumbo M Co lOfaWW Ton Gold Mt.. 19
3000 Kendall 39 500 Ton Midway.. 9S
2COO Kendall 42! 1300 Ton Midway.. M
2 •no Kendall .;... 3SI r>™ Ton M»dway.. W7
600 MacNamara.. ."!>2™»>T^n Midway.. 94
ICO MacNamara. . 60! 2O> Ton Midway. . 83
100 MacNamara.. I*l 23 Ton of N«v..12 oi>
20CO MacNamara.. 10*9 V#rds 07
3000 Mont BulifTO* 22 2CW V—de •»
10CO Mont Bullfrog 2' Mi W-«- End ... 33
IW> Mont Ton .2 97ull(IOO West End ... 40
6600 Mont Ton ...2 95
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopaa District.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Gold Anchor. 70 Rescue 09 10
Gold Mt Con. — 02[Ton Belmont. . 87 »
Jim Butler .. M — (Ton & Cat... — 17
Little Ton .. 40 —'Ton Cash Boy. 10 12
MacNamara.. *1 Ton Exten ..3 23 375
Mlipah Ex .. 13 —.Ton & Gt W. 01 04
Mont Ton. .2 62H -«3 Ton Mid-way.. 93 97
N T Ton Con 12 14 Tan N Star... 44 43
Ohio Ton 40 44 Ton of NeT. 11 75 12 00
Paymaster .. 04 05iWest End ... 30 ST
Qulncy M Co. 11 — '
Goldfleld District.
Adams 15 17 Goldfleld Mhk. IS —
Black Butte. . 30 .11 ';idf!i Red L. 03 **
Blk Butte Ex 10 — »Go'dfl«!d S Pit — 1<»
Blue Bull M. — 30 Goldfleld Ton. — *Hl
Booth M Co.. 10 — 'Oldfleld Verde. Oft 07
Columbia Mt. — 4Sf Jumbo M Co. «9 Hi
DUmondfleld. 5» CO* Jumbo Ex ... .'U 33
THx'f Mln ... 26 — I Kendall .;.... 37 ■
Oo!dn>ld 88l 04 ofl'May Queen .. 30 -12
r;i,ifleld B*M — 12'P*nn!rvlvanla.. — ll>
Gldfld Colum. «6 0«: Red Top 23 25
Go'dftMd Dmd 11 12! <»iin4»tcrm ... «7 .70
Gftd Hlb^rnla. 1» 2llVerna! Mia ..13 It
Goldfleld Mln. 72 73'
Other Districts.
Bullfrog Mln. W> — JOrig Bullfrog. — 4T
Bull fro* Ex.. 25 — I Ray * O'Brien 03 07
Co'ehan — 10' Southwestern. 80 «5
Roperanza ... 01 0° Tom Gold Mt.. 19 —
Lucky Tom. C 3 OTlSvlvanla 2« 27
Mont Bullfrog 21 — ! United Too ... — 09
TONOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th» San Fran*
Cisco and Tonormh Mining; Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session.
2000 Black Butte.. 311 700 Mont Ton ...2 7»
1000 Black Butte.. .12! SCO Ton B^lmont . «5
6COO Oldfld Red L. 08' ."inn Ton Ca«h Boy. It
10CO Jumbo M Co. 70 ! 500 Ton Midway.. 03
IDOO Jumbo M Co. Wl *■<> Ten Midway.. 9*
tOO MacNamara.. 60! 500 Ton N Star... :t»
3.*.>^> MacNamara,.. -Bit 300 Ton N Star... 33
200 Mont Ton ...2 70!
11 a. m. Session.
1000 Black Butte . 311 200 Mont Ton ...2 90
MOO Columbia Mt. 4511000 R^<i Top .. 24
25MV) Gltffti Red L. CBt «00 Ton B*lmor- W
1500 MacNamara.. fOf 500 Ton Belmont.. M
SCO MacNamara.. 59 1400 Ton N Star...' 42
SCO Mont Ton .3 10'SOOO Ton V Star... 48
2 p. m. Session.,
3000 Austin G M. 32 300 Mont Ton ...3 00
3000 Gldfld Red L. WM 500 Ori«; Bullfrog. 4*
10CO Gldfld Red L. 07! 100 Ton Belmont . «7
900 MacNamara .. eollOOO Ton N Star... 42
100 Mont Ton .. .2 93-1000 Ton N Star... 44
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I - Bid. Ask.
Adams — 19! Nev Goldfleld. — 23
Black Butte.. 30 31|N T T Con M — 13
Blue Bull M. 30 —Ohio Ton .... 48 —
Columbia Mt. — 46,Orig Bullfrog. 47 4*
Dixie Mln ... 27 29 Paymaster ... 08 05
Eeperanza ... 01 02! Ray A O'Brien — 07
Gold Anchor.. 67 — Red Top 23 25
Goldfleld 881 03 * Cs! Rescue 09 ■ 1O
Gldfleld BAM. 10 .. — I Roth well G M — 50
Goldfleld Mm. 71 77 Sandstorm ... 68 ' —
Gldfld Red L. 06 97 ! Ton Belmont.. 37 89
Goldfleld Pk — , 1* Ton Cash Boy. 10 11
Gold Mt Con. — 02! Ton Eiten .5 23 900
Jim Butler .. 80 — [Ton A Ot W. 01 —
Jumbo M Co. 68 71 Ton Cold Ml.. 17 IS
Jumbo Ex . . 26 — Ton Midway. . 98 1«0
Kendall 38 —Ton of Ner.l2 00 12 sf>
Lucky Tom... — 10 Ton N Star... 44 45
MacNamara.. 61 • 63' United Ton .. M —
Mont Ton ... — 3 Qf>'W»»t End ... 30 40
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S. F. & TONOPAH
MINING EXCHANGE
(Th* Original Tonopah Exchange-
MILLS BUILDING
San Francisco
Sessions — 9:30 a. m., 1 1 a. m. and 2 p.m.
* THE PUBLIC INVITED TO ATTEND ;
" Commission. # or 1%
List of M*mk«r« S«nt *n Application
_. ■
Great Opportunity
Goldfield
Lucky i Star Mining Co. owns
six claims in Goldfleld dis-
trict, viz.: Golden Star,
Wedge. Eagle. Moon. Comet .
i and Sun. Now Is the time to
' buy shares before the price Is
advanced. Stock is now sell-
ing for 6c. Call or write
F. DE FREITA3. Agent. 413
Kearny Street.
■■■- - / ■
1
1314
STONE BUDDHAS FROM
TEMPLES IN JAPAN
Tea Garden Images Arrive
MAKE RARE ATTRACTION FOR PARK
(STOXK IMAGES OF BUDDHA WHICH HAVE ! r.KN IMPORTED FROM JAPAN
BT THE PARK COMMISSIONERS ANIJ WHICH WIL.U BE INSTALLED IN
THE JAPANESE TEA GARDEN AT OOL,DEN GATE PARK.
Success has attended the efforts of i
the Park Commissioners to obtain from
the temples of Japan two stone
Buddha^ for the Japanese tea garden
in Golden Gate Park. The idols were
procured after considerable search for
just such specimens as would be de
sirable. It was soon ascertained by the
agent in the Orient who was author
ized by the commissioners to obtain
the specimens, that the tourists of the
world in quest of similar idols in stone
had been remarkably active, and as a
result of such activity the representa
tive of the park board had to send far
inland to get the images.
The pair of idols arrived in San
Francisco a few days ago, and after
having passed the ordeal of Custom
House inspection were conveyed to the
park museum. Yesterday the Buddhas
« ere taken to the Japanese tea garden:
one of the idols bears an inscrip
tion which indicates that it wife pre
sented to a temple in Japan fn the
eighteenth century. Workmen, under
the direction of Superintendent Mc-
I.arcn. will have the idols permanently
installed in the tea garden by next
U>Vs-Klf-~ '
ONE DOLLAR
HUMOR CURE
! Complete local and constitu- j& j
! tional treatment for every 3 •
"" . sQ
humour, from pimples to 8
I scrofula, from infancy to age, ft
| consisting of \ ' " g
6 CUTICURA SOAP 1
! J to cleanse, Cuticura Ointment g
i I to heal, and Cutieura Pills to a
« cool the blood, may now be R
jf* had of all drug- W
\ TIIP *Zrt sists5 ists for One S
§ 111 C OCI Dollar. A sin- |
!C1 flft £* c set is often S
I «pI*UU sufficient to |l
! cure. 1 1
* _^ M i^M^M^^g J l ii. .TU3MJJJ m. m- m_ '
No Breakfast Table
complete without
EPPS'S
The Cream of Cocoas.
COCOA
The Most Nutritious
and Economical.
SHERWOOD & EHEKWOOP.PacIfIc Coast Agta
in.PTrocl CCHE SICK HEADACHE.
UAH I _no
■ittle Genuine Must Bear
11 1 VER Facsimile Signature
■ pills. 1 /^u^^^f
Saturday. The outward semblance of
the granite Indicates that the images
h;ivc been exposed to the weather for
many a year.
TRIES TO PASS
A BOGUS CHECK
Stanley Bates. Scion of a
Wealthy Los Angeles Fam
ily.* in Serious Trouble
Stanley Bates, scion pt the wealthy
j Bates family of Los Angeles and
1 former society man of the southern
i city, is in a cell in the City Prison
j charged with trying to pass a worthless
money -order on John J. Daughney, a
saloon man at • 'Fourth and Folsom
streets.- Bates -was formerly clerk of [
the St. Clement Hotel, on Fourth street,
but was discharged frc-m his position
last September. . - . - -
Bates was in the habit of depositing \
! raon«y with Daughney, and when the
'■ Knights Templar conclave was at its <
i height .last September Bates did much !
business in this line with the saloon .
j man. — ; ■ . . -
. He drew on Daughney.; at the time ;
j for .$65. and when the latter asked for '
a settlement he save him an order on j
j E. Kins of the St. Clement Hotel for
i the j amount. Daughney could = not lo- J
j cate King for some time, but when he i
| did find the hotel man he was told that
Bates* accounts were in bad shape and !
that he ' had no money coming. ' ' .. i
Bates is - reported to have been short |
: In his accounts while a clerk at King's ■
Hotel, but if such deficiency ' occurred
it was made good. by the young man's i
, mother. . . ; .
Daughney did not prosecute the i
young. man at that time, as the latter
I promised to make a settlement. Last '
; Saturday, night Bates came to Daugh- {
i ney and tried to cash a check for $500.
! Daughney was suspicious, and, would
j not cash the paper. Bates returned
[ next day and tried to have Daughney's i
j partner cash the check,, -but failed I
j again. On ■ Monday night Bates made !
I another attempt to get money, for the !
| check from Daughney. *■*......._
This time the saloon man took Bates
to task and asked what ■ he meant.
Bates tried to . make excuses, and
I Daughney called a policeman and had
I the young man taken to the City Pris
j on on a charge of passing a worthless
' order. Detective Tom Gibson took !
! charge of the case, but failed to find
i the check, . which Bates has evidently
] destroyed. . . .  -
Bates is married •to a : young . and
| beautiful woman, who has a child !
I about a year old. He has been a hang- j
i er-on * around - poolrooms ;'" for • several
i months past. •. .. ; ''.';. -. V
Say Complaint Is Unwarranted.
School Directors Boyle and Altman
yesterday visited the James Lick and
Xoe Valley schools to investigate the
cf-mplaint of the West of Castro Club
against the interchange of two primary
and grammar classes. The directors
f<und that more than fifty per cent of
the pupils in the classes transferred
live within five blocks of the respective
schools and on that account regard the
complaint as unwarranted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 9. 1905.
WIFE'S FORGIVENESS FAILS TO SUE
JAMES ROGERS FROM COURT'S REBUKE
Wants him Dismissed From Custody,
But Appeaf Comes Too Late.
WAYWARD GIRLS PROMISE TO BE GOOD
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
To unwarranted interference with
! his domestic life by neighbors did
James Rogers, building contractor, as
1 cribe the marital conditions that even
; tuated in his arrest a,nd arraignment
before Police Judge Fritz on the
' charge of wife beating.
For three years, Mr. Roger? in
| formed the court, he fairly reveled in
connubial bliss, and then he unfor
tunately removed his household estab-
lishment to 1608 Pacific street, where
he and his better half. Augusta* M..
v.ere hardly settled when infelicity en
tered and bided, with varying; degrees
of discord, until it culminated In the
occurrence that climaxed In his Incar
ceration. During peaceful intervals he
had wondered why the jars happened,
and his conclusion was that if certain
hcus^wivAc; living 1 in the vicinity had
attended to their own business and
abstained from counseling hi? wife
there would not have been any jars.
As he spoke he glanced significantly at
two matrons who had testified for the
prosecution, and one of them ex
claimed "Mercy!" while the other
i glared angrily at him and said,
••w-e-i-i:-
As for the accusation that he had
battered his wife. Mr. Rogers pro
nounced it preposterous, despite what
1 she or any of her witnesses might
have sworn to the contrary. When he
left home that morning it whs with
bitter feeling toward the complainant,
because they had engaged in a matuti
nal "tiff." but as the day advanced his
anger waned and when he returned at
eventide he was eager to forgive and
to be forgiven. With outstretched
hands and in conciliatory spirit he ad
' vanced upon his helpmate, but she,
'. apparently misunderstanding his in
tention, started in affright and col
| Ikied with one of his fists. Then she
! raised a window and loudly screamed
"Police!" and neighbors gathered be
neath the lattice and called him un
complimentary names. When the
police arrived he offered no resistance.
At the conclusion of Mr. Rogers' de
; fense the two lady witnesses. Eva
Markell and Jane Haspteau. looked at
each other with elevated eyebrows and
; mournfully shook their heads. Mrs.
Rogers, however, was differently im
pressed by the narrative, for she gazed
tenderly at the defendant and then re
quested the Judge to dismiss him. But
the mischief was done. He was pro
nounced guilty and remanded for sen
tence, with bail fixed at $200, which
yap furnished.
• • •
Seventeen-year-old Margie Prentz,
charged with waywardness by her
mother, professed penijence and whs
told to go and sin no more. She ran
nwuy from home four months ago.
Judge Conlan was informed, and an
officer of the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety traced her to Oakland, where he
f< and her living under an assumed
name fan a disreputable house on Fifth
street. When told that she must ac
company him, she went to her room
to don street attire, but almost imme
diately reappeared and frantically
called for her mother to come and
kiss her for the last time, as she had
taken poison. She was hurriedly re
moved to a hospital and treated until
she was past the danger point, after
which she was conveyed across the
bay and to prison. She wept copious
ly as the Judge pointed out the error
of her way and depicted the inevita
ble finish of the life which she had
dtserted her mother to adopt.
Marian T»mple. 19 years of age,
also promised to reform if Judge Mo
gan would temper justice with mercy.
Betrayal under promise of marriage
led to her disgrace and abandonment
of her mother, .a professional nurse,
who expressed willingness to forgive.
The girl was dismissed.
Charles Perino, a barber, disclaimed
paternity of the infant child which his
wife accused him of failing to provide
for. He told Judge Fritz that after
the birth of the babe, at Eureka, he
was forced by a body of citizens of
that town to marry the woman. They
shoved him into a carriage, he said,
and compelled him. under dire threats
of bodily injury, to make the woman
his Wife. He had never seen the baby,
nor had he ever lived with its mother.
The case went over till next Mon
day.
• • •
W. M. English, accused of defraud
ing a hackman, averred that he had
acted the part of a Samaritan and was
entitled to commendation instead of
arrest for it. In a saloon at Ellis and
Powell streets J. Dunphy of 2122 Wash
ington street had been knocked down
by an unknown assailant and was pros
trate and unconscious when Mr. Eng
lish summoned Hackman F. Meyers
and in that person's conveyance ac
companied the Injured man to the
Emergency Hospital, where he is under
treatment for a skull fracture. Meyers
demanded that English pay the car
riage hire, but English declined to do
so and was arrested. Judge Conlan
continued the case till Friday.
Miss Ida Smith, charged with having
disturbed the peace of the Tenderloin
by hailing passing pedestrians whom
she did not know, electrified Judge
Mogan's court by proving that she was
not a vagrant, but a regular recipient
of large .sums of money from her
wealthy father in England, her last
remittance being $17,000.
i live on Fair Oaks street and am
easily worth $50,000," she said, "and I
was calling after Haekdriver Egan to
come back with my diamond sunburst,
which I had left in his cab, when the
policeman arrested me and said 1 was
■rounding.' Guess I had a right to re
cover my sunburst before somebody
would find it in the cab and keep It,
hand't 1?"
She disclosed a remarkable acquaint
ance with the names of persons and
places familiar to the half-world, and
she wore costly apparel and, sparkling
gems. Several policeman corroborated
her claim to being a remittance woman,"
and Htated that she had a pf-nchant for
cab-riding in the red-light district, but
otherwise she was harmless. So she
was dismissed.
John McDonnell, accused of having
sold pools to women in his dry goods
store at 3242 Mission street, was dis
charged because the police were unable
to prove that pools had been purchased
from him. although they foiind charts
and racing forms and other gaming
paraphernalia on his premises. Before ;
ordering dismissal of the case, how
wer, Judge Mogan expressed his per
sonal opinion that Mr. McDonnell was
guilty as charged, and roundly de
nounced the surreptitious selling of
racing pools to women in the residence
districts.
"Gaming places in the guise of mer
cantile establishments are a menace to
the city's home life." said his Honor.
"for they place temptation to bet in
the way of women whose means do
not permit of that luxury. Wives of
workingmen cannot afford to wager on
horse race* and defray their house
hold expenses', and husbands and chil
dren are made to suffer by the pecuni
ary looses. T shall visit the law's ex- '
tieme penalty on any person proved
guilty before me of having combined
pool selling with legitimate business." j
* • *
Michael Salvo of 1107 Kearny street
declared that the eansizing of his two
horv-e t**am at Point I^obos and Th'rty
fourth avenues was directly attributa
ble to the equestrian eccentricities of
John Ginocoehi. although the pedes
trian freaks of Milton Crow wer ■ not
entirely free of responsibility for the
mischief. With his wagon laden with
Vegetables, Signor Salvo told Judge
Mogan. he was driving rttywarj when
Ginocochi, astride a sable steed, and
Crow, afoot, met and ac:osted hi;n. j
Being unacquainted with undented
Knglish, Signor Salvo imagined they j
were plain clothes policemen requesting |
him to display a peddler's license, and I
he promptly brought forth and showed
to them a document of that kind au- j
thorizing him to hawk vegetables and'
fruit at retail. Then, to his surprise, <
Ginocochi began to caracoh: his lr.-iunt i
in a way that might make any director j
of haute ecole enviou*, while Crow cut ;
some antics with his legs and arms j
that were also masterly in th-?ir way. i
Signor Salvo was in doubt a* to wheth
er he had run against a pair of escaped j
lunatics or was witnessing a double '
case of sudden insanity when his own j
horses began to fidget and back his j
wagon to the brink of a steep declivity !
at the roadside, and then he realized [
that the ostensibly imbecile exhibition \
was of malicious inspiration. While the >
steed of Ginocochi stood erect upon its •
hind legs and wildly pawed the atmos- ]
phere with its front ditto. Crow cut I
pigeon wings and curlecues and made a ■
human jumpingjaek of himself, all !
with evident intent to encourage the j
affrighted horses of Salvo to continue
their retrograde movement until they
backed the wagon over the cliff. That
very thing was done, and for being in- j
strumental in the doing of it Signor
Salvo had Ginocochi and Crow arrested
and jointly booked for disturbing the
peace.
The defendants denied the alleged
malicious mischief and said that Signor
Salvo had only his own negligence to
blame for the overthrow of his team.
After they had addressed him jokingly,
they added, he stopped his horses and
relinquished control of the reins in or
der to free his hands so that he could
extend them like fans, and with thumb
points touching his nose wave his fin
gers slowly to and fro. the movement
I being expressive of derision. So intent
I was he upon thus signaling his con
j tempt that he l j ft his horses to do as
| they pleased, and to back the wagon
; and themselves over the precipice was
apparently what pleased them.
The testimony Is being assayed and
returns may be announced to-day.
■■ •"■■"■'■■ : : '•■■■' : " HALES. '-'•'-■ ■■'v'-.-l'-'' ■ HAUC'S. ■'• , BALE'S.
Hundreds of Yards of Staple Black and Colored Silks
at Hale's in a Great
Spring Silk Opportunity
That begins at Hale's this morning. Unusual in quality, unusual in variety, unusual in prices
— happening that by its very forcefulness must demonstrate supremacy. It's when a man does
things in a strikingly different and better way that he is recognized and remembered. The same
with a store. ~ " ;}[£
. And when we founded this business we planned to do it in a different and better way. It's
primarily due to that idea that we are able to sell bright, new spring silks at the very start of the sea-
son for much less than the prices they were made to sell for. ; ..^
But a closer reason is the fact that buying silks for six stores through one order is a power-
ful magnet. A closer reason yet is the determination to do the silk business in such a different and
better way in 1905 that hundreds more women will come to think Hale's naturally when they think silks.
So to-day the "first demonstration.
The items mentioned here are only a fraction of the advantages that are ready in the store.
Costume Silks at hoc. - . Liberty Satin at 55c. Chiffon Faille, $1.00.
The new fancy brocades. all the Th .. 19 inches* wide It th» now Rich and very soft, with * heavy rib.
wanted colors, oddly different designs cMffon «ti n «B^lar Tic oualitv in Tt "* all silk " (i in all th « wanted
for the prettiest waists and costumes: ™£ n for street or .verm- wear Its shades; suggestive and susceptible of
20 indies wide. It's a silk that should ?****?* rich Ink- 2n excenYio^a? ormor so many different ways of treatment,
sell at $1.00. This morning. 60c. tunUy exceptional oppor- 20 lnche3 wlde at Sl#o o yar(L
White Japanese Silk at 30c: p on 'a cc Silk at «Jc yard ■ \ Black Satin at 60c-
27 inches wide. It's the Japanese - - JJ • * That's 23 Inches wid* A rich Mark
Habutai silk that makes up so prettily That's . 19. inches wide, natural col- Liberty satin that's one of the most
and comfortably into spring and sum- ors. And a greater surprise from the unusual values in the whole event It
mer waists. White only, It's an on- fact that pongee and the pongee color came to us so. It's a rich bright
usual weight for more than 30c. Heav- is favorite for spring. 35c yard, 19 trous quality, that's soft and suscepti-
ier. 27 laches wide, at 35c, 40c and 50c laches wide; 40c, 30 inches wide; 75c, ble of any treatment; regular Jl.OO
yard. ■ 23 inches wide; 85c, 24 laches wide; value at 6Oc.
Black, Peaude Soie. 6oc. SI.OO. 29 laches wide; 31.25. 30 laches 24 Inches wide at 70c.
That's 20 inches wide. For cos- D . " - I~~jr . I I
tumes and wraps; yes. even for sepa- ntaCR J OTtCta, SOC We'll Cut Prpp
rate skirts. It's heavy and soft, with a O1 . . - A T i ... nc v vui «mi w rrcc
good velvety finish. We are able to 21 inches wide. Lustrous, rusthnsr From any silk or dress goods
sell it- ao inches wida at Goc* 23 inches quality. So good we can guarantee-it ilum *"■£ 3X . ur urcss gooas
wid« at 70c^ 24 inches wide at 80c to wear unusually well. It's the qual- you may buy. in any style you
■Extra heavy double-faced peau de Ity of the silk and the goodness of the want. Petticoats or overskirts.
wide JltttJ 1 ttt? # "- Wld ' 9 C: M inChM .!C h Thevmale EnlTnS. - alkin^ *f« " *?< Ie "f th »'
wide at $1.00. ■_ of the price. 50c. Our expert man tailor will cut
24-ill'ch Pori£CC at (lOC. . And other black taffetas: 26 inches them free and give you direc-
That's a regular 75c duality, natural wide at 6Oc yard; 37 inches wide at tions how to sew them,
color, splendid value. • ' - 70c; 36 laches wide at 800 and 90c. ——— —^———^— — — .
120 Sheets Irish Linen Visit the Free An unusual chance to buy
Writing Paper 1 2y>c Entertainment 4th Fl. white dinnenvare and sazw
Either ruled or unruled. It is so New moving pictures and illus- Third floor.
good we have had our name put on tratcd songs. First exhibition at _______
it. Because we took so much of it 10:30. then 11:30 a. m., then 2:00, Vr^
comes an unusual opportunity for 3.00 and 4:00 p. m. / V Every Da\ MOW Limits ■
women to buy good writing paper —-——-~~~* . '"'- ■'■':'' •'■-'.
to-day. 120 sheets at u',c. Sale of All inter Suits con- Valentine Choosing
4 mine for boys to din in to- - titvies; one of the most interest- For buying is becoming brisker and
. : . . . '- * ■-■ • '•• • «~_;~_ ~t *u~ ~.,~~u Ar^-.. tne prettiest are being taken rap-
day in these ijig topi™ of the week. New d , v . Table . Ucd w f hundre ;,.
Tr r Igtric kTnivf»« prices start at $B.C)v of pretty, meaningful ideas. Tables
-3C JaCK ivnivcs* 1 . ■■ " i main floor.
We Will Sell at 15c . .-.,;{:■ .... • 0,
"With two blades of good steel, stag __. jsgf *%jl • v ■• -"' x.~~'~r- "
handle. And there is a key chain at- r^ Off Jm/ j. M' _#g_y&_C2_. JO"in. IY&USIin at JC
tHched to each ojie. so thp knifo won't Zjtjif? mr± f& J %2 — i^flK> „, . . „.
run away hide S where yon can't jUT /£f <fgsm* *!S*^*g**&^ Bleached. It a a regular 10c qualltr.
find it. A story back of them, not half /Jm JBB^ '*^ r Some of the pieces damaged by hand-
as interesting as the fact that they are ,^Ssf____««>*M> OOOD£*^ ling m transit. A saving la you of 3c
■25c knives at 18c to-day. - '~^ ' " — — >— ■ yard to-day. .-^
FOUNDER'S DAY
IS OBSERVED
Public Shows Its Interest in
the Wilmerding School
and Inspects Departments
Founder's day was observed at the
Wilmerding School of Industrial Arts
yesterday. The interest shown by the
public seemed to surpass even that of
previous years. Throughout the after
noon there was a large attendance.
John A. Britton, Regent of the Uni
versity of California, delivered an ad
dress in the hearing of iIOO boys in the
morning. He started out to trace the
development of San Francisco and the
country tributary to it as he had seen
it during the last forty years.
Regent Britton predicted a still great
er development during the next genera
tion, and pointed out to his youtluul
audience the wonderful opportunities
in this community that were awaiting
men of intelligence and character, n.en
with just such an education- as is af
forded at the Wilmerding School.
On the platform with Regent Britton
were Regents R. J. Taussig. chairman of
the Wilmerding School committee: Guy
C. Earl. John'E. Budd and Dr. C. N.
Ellinwood.
From 1 o'clock until 4 the public
came in large numbers and paid their
respects to George A. Merrill, th^ di
rector. The boys, in their workday
clothes, escorted the visitors thrcugh
the departments of bricklaying, plumb
ing, carpentry, electricity, cabinet
making, wood carving, architecture and
the laboratories and draughting-room?.
The young students are already well
forward with their new permanent
brick buildings, which are to form im
portant additions to the school. L,. H.
Werson, instructor in building, ex
plained the various and progressive
stages of his pupils in the building line.
Much interest was also shown in th?
departments of architecture and elec
tricity. The whole course of studies
was fully investigated by those who
avatled themselves of the chance to see
the departments in full working trim.
The new athletic ground has just
been completed. It has a strong retain
ing wall, surrounded by a ten-lap cmi
i der track, all of which has be^n con
structed by the boys of the school.
The Nipon School of Jiu-Jitsu, 1281
Market st.. Majestic Bldg.. is giving In
struction, both private and class, in that
wonderful Japanese science of self-de
fense. •
Drinkhouse Sued by Trust.
Blackwell's Durham Tobacco Com
pany, by its attorney, Henry Ach. yes
terday sued the J. A. Drinkhouse
Company for $300 alleged to be due as
a balance on $6588 worth of smoking
material sold and delivered since
March 2 3 last. Bull Durham is a trust
tobacco and it remains to be deter
mined whether the suit for so small
a sum has anything to do with the
anti-trust tobacco fight in this city.
Trachoma Is granulated Eyelids. Mu
rine Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak Eyes strong. •
POLICE RAID A POOL.ROOM. — A poolroom
_at 128 CVFarrell street was raided by the po
lice yesterday afternoon and seventeen men
were arrested for violating the ordinance
against poolselling. They were each released
on $10 cash ball..
Our good printing worUs wond«rs. Try some.
Edward Knowles Company. 24 Second st. •
I FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CAIiL.
SMALL ADS.
NEAR
CUT GLASS
FRUIT PLATE.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Pag-e for Further
Partlirulars.
MARCONI PLANT
OPERATES WELL
The Call Sends Wireless
.Messages to Battleship
Ohio Several Miles at Sea
The new Marconi wireless telegraph
plant on Union-square avenue, lately
installed by Roland D. Onffroy and
operated by Dennis J. OBrien. is in
good working order, and many suc
cessful tests have been made lately.
Yesterday the plant was in communi
cation with the battleship Ohio several
miles outside the Heads, and many
messages were sent backward and for
ward, being relayed by the Goat Island
station.
The messages began to crune in
shortly before 7 oclock in the morning,
when the Ohio was a hundred miles
from the bar. Admiral Whiting sent
his greetings a"d told of the cruise of
the ship. At 1:30 a message of con
gratulation from The Call was sent
and a prompt reply received. The
Call's message read as follow?:
"The Call sends congratulations to
Admiral Whiting and hopes he had a
pleasant trip. Anything new? Signed
John McXaught." The reply came
promptly and was as follows:
"To Marconi Wireless Station D,
From Battleship Ohio at Sea— San
Francisco Call: Thanks for your kin.l
ness. Nothing new. Trials generally
successful. Bad weather Sunday. Ohio
is a good sea ship. Signed Whiting."
Several messages of official character
and otherwise were ticked back and
forth from the ship to the station. TIM
local plant worked to perfection, as did
the station at Goat Island, and also
the one located at the navy headquar
ters at Mare Island.
The messages are received *after the
manner of cable messages on long reels
of narrow paper, and the characters
are marked in the standard Morse al
phabet by a delicate indicator. This
plan was a success from the start
and. has been uspd exclusively at the
new station. The tests are being car
ried on daily, with the approval of the
i United States Navy Department.
The World's Beauties.
San Francisco has the distinction of
having within its boundaries the most
beautiful store in the world. It is sim
ply beyond the powers of description, a
fairy land of dazzling lights, beautiful
paintings and flashing gems. The pleas
ure of a visit will linger with you al
ways. Colonel A. Andrews' Diamond
Palace. 221 Montgomery st. •
ALLEGED EMBEZZLER IS
TRACED THROUGH TRUNK
H. L. tirahain. Who Is Wanted in Los
Angeles. Placed Under Arrest
in This City.
H. L. Graham, who is wanted in
Los Angeles on a charge of felony em
bezzlement, was arrested on Tuesday
by Detectives T. B. Gibson and O'Dea.
The Los Angeles authorities were no
tided. Detective Jones of that city
arrived hero yesterday morning: to
take Graham back.
Graham was employed as a col
lector for George F. Harvat, a pic
ture dealer, and about a week ago
fled from Los Angeles with $200,
which he had collected. He is a mar
ried man. and his wife led the police
to believe that he had deserted her
and gone East. They did not believe
her, and she was watched. She left
Los Angeles on Monday, arriving here
Tuesday morning. The police grot the
number of her baggage check and
wired it to Chief Wittman, who de
tailed Gibson and ODea on the case.
They went to the depot and followed
the express carrying the trunk to the
Hotel Netherlands, on Turk street,
where they found Graham and his
wife in a room.
OBJECTS TO VEGETABLE GARDENS—
The Point Lobos Improvement Club yesterday
petitioned the Supervisors to pass an ordinance
prohibiting th« maintenance of vegetable
gardens east of Sixteenth avenue Id the Rich
mond District
to CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY.— Th«
Army and Navy Corps of the Native Sons of
the Golden West will hold Its nrst anniversary
mask ball on Saturday evening: next at Union
square--Halt. '. Elaborate arrangements hava
been." made for the event, which gives prom-
Is* of beins a jrreat success. ' — -.T--
Staffers and Public Speaker* will
find P!so> Cure an effectual cure for hoarseness. *
A D VERTISE3IEXT3.
Pap F*^_3^BE?fißiß^sß?^S<lß^^^njMTßD
I j _. /^ Jk*~* __^_B
39 STOCKTON ST.. WEAK -CABJCXT
TELEPHONE -KAUf 5523
You may expect the promptest service by
placing your orders at least half an hour
before delivery time. 9 a. m.. 1 and 4 p. m
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS.
CUE AME BY BT7TTSS.. . . . square 40c
Strictly fresh and sweet.
PANCT &ANCI EGOS. . .par doz. 38c
B<»<>t I~WIIIW and Santa Rosa stock.
NEW CHOP TEAS, All sOc Grades 35c
Oolone, English Ureaktast. Ceylon,
Ynun? Hyson. Basket-fired and family
mixed.
¥1X1 22 VEX, ORAHGES — dozen 20c
- Reg. 3Oc.
OEaMAS MiiTrWUBST par lb. 30c
Fresh stock. Juat tn. Res. -4uc.
I BE2IES SAKXtZITSS ... 2 cans for 35c
A most reliable brand. Keg. 100 can.
EABTIBN SPLIT PEAS per lb. 5c
Reg t)'-j.\ The kin.l that cooks -well.
S. it W. ASPASAOUS per can 25c
Larare white, quanttty limited. Reg. SWc.
YELLOW AND WHITE CORN MEAL
10-lb. sack 25c
Rez. 35c.
CASOLIHA HICE 2 _• and 5 lb. pig's.
2Vi-ib 7»-lb
Special. _«»«• -UH?
Regular 0 23c M|
The best -:'■■• grown.
H. O. OATMEAL per P-ST. 10«
Reg. l"^ l jc.
The celebrated cereal. .', • -
G-B-rrXJTS SOLID PACKED TOMA-
TOES. 3 cans for 25c
Rear. 10c can. •
HEEJIITAOE BOUHBO2T. HESMIT-
AGX HTE bot. 9Oc; sral. $4.00
Res. $1 25 and $."■■
Whiskies with a reputation. - ■,
FAMILY BOITBBOXr * . .
per bot. 6Oc ; srallon S2.SO
Reg. TSc and -53.
Good and cheap.
A. V. H. OZH
. . . Xourar* bot. 31.40; small bot. 90c
Reg. $1 60 and $1 10.
Famous for quality and medicinal value.
CLARET. per ailon 40c
Rer. We. '
Aids direstlon: use with your meals.
ITALIAN AITS rXEHTCH VEX-
MOUTH .Per bot. 50c
; Res. «5Cc.
/^\M New Models ffr^O
if\ AUTOMOBILE/ii
goggles ->f\
AtTOMOBILE/li
GOGGLES
rrotn t
PARIS VJ
_ • +* MMark - t #x
When the little folks take colds
and coughs, don't neglect them
and let . them strain the tender
'. membranes of their lungs,
Give them
Shiloh's
Consumption
Cure SSic Luns
I It will cure them quickly and
strengthen their lungs.
. It is pleasant to take.
, Prices, 25c.. 50c. and $1.00. «