THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Franclico for
■lirty hour* ending midnight, Febru
ry T:
Par Francisco and vicinity — Pair
light north wind*.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— XO. C 9.
CORRUPTION OF POLICE IN CHINATOWN
LAID BARE BY GRAND JURY.
IN anticipation of the trial of Sergeant Thomas P. Ellis, which was begun before the Police Commission last night, the Grand
Jury yesterday made report of his startling confession that $250 a week was paid him by the Chinatown gamblers while he was
in command of the " squad. v The patrolmen received $40 a week. Only two of them confessed — Henry M. Heinz and R. R.
Chan Cheung was the disbursing agent in the great scheme of corruption. Ellis yielded up Si 330 of his ill-gotten
gains, and this sum was turned over to Judge Lawlor by Foreman Andrews.
ALL IS TOLD IN
SERGEANT ELLIS'
FREE CONFESSION
WHY RAIDS FAILED
• — >
Large Sum of Bribe
Money in Hands
of Court.
BIG FUND FOR SQUAD
Police Board Begins Inquiry,
but Headway Is Small.
A sackfnl of good, red gold. 11230
In amount, bribe money that the
Chinato-wn f&ntan games had paid to
fiergrarrt Thomas P. Ellis for police
protection, Tras lia.nd«»d to Jcdgre I^iw
lor by ForemM Andrews of tlie Grand
Jury yesterday.
Xot only had the sergeant made
complete confession of accepting; cor
ruption money, but he had yielded up
a large share of his ill-gotten lucre.
To the sergeant who commanded
the "squajJ"" specially detailed to sup
press gambling in the Chinese quar
ipr a sum ranging from $250 to %21»
a week, had been paid.
The patrolmen in the "squad" re
i contributions of $40 each a
veek. Chan Cheung, with whom the
grand jurors struggled so hard but
unsuccessfully for a confession and
Ihen indicted him for the murder of
1 ■:<-> agent who <!is
liurpod the fund thai was raised from
• 55 a week j>er fan lan
table.
The startling disclosures from the
I Jury rooTn were made in a re
in the inquisitorial board to the
Mng Judge. It was on Decem
: ihrtt Sorpeant Ellis and Patrol
men Hemz and O'Briea made a clean
I their rioting in filthy cor
•n. But the grand jurors had
I for morn far-r^a<hing revela.
and waited for morp develop
ts In vain. Still believing, how
that they r-ould unearth much
r < orruption of the police, they
■ that furthr-r
■ useless because of thr- an
nouncement of the Poli<«» Commls-
U would go ahead with its
:• • on.
This inouiry into the charges
former Commisioncr Hutton preferred
would frustrate all of the Grand
Jury's plans, and for this ' reason it
a report and brought its prob
of Chinatown's dark and devious
o a close. The jurors complain
that the Police Board forced them to
cwit a field in which there was much
j'rospect for good work.
COMMISSIONERS BEGIN.
Last night the Police Commissioners !
began their investigation with the ;
avowed determination to sift the case
of Sergeant Ellis to th^ bottom. Not
r.iuch headway was mad*, ihp testi
belng directed to the charp
former Commissioner Hutton that Ellis
neglected his duty in permitting gam- j
bling to go on and that he notified the j
games of the Commissioner's approach j
on the night of November 29, when he
made an unexpected visit to China
town. But the inquiry will be resumed
to-night and with Ite wide powers the
board will go into the bribery charges
that the Grand Jury makes. The hear
ing last night was somewhat diverted
by the Ftatements of Chinese witnesses
that they understood it was f'hief
■Wittman who received the corruption
fund and thf> Ohi^f enlivened things
with his cross-examination.
That there have been rake-offs and
ibutions in Chinatown for many
years and that corruption at times
flourished in degree that would make
the seat of a boodling legislator look
cheap has long been a matter of com
knowledgo. But it has remained
he prest-nt Grand Jury "to get the
goods" and make proof absolute for the
first time. It has the confessions of
Heinz and O'Brien, and* it has a
. y sum of tho very money that
ht immunity from the law. Ser
• Ellis had tak«n the gold to his
and there Foreman Andrews
I it where the faithless minion of
the law had hidden it in the china
closet leading off the dining-room.
XOT EXPERIENCED IV CRIME.
Inexperience in grafting on the part
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
The San Francisco Call.
FRACTURED
SPINE "SET"
BY MINERS
Bpeclal Diapatch to The Call.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M.. Feb. 6.--Dr.
Swisher of Socorro was called to attend
a remarkable cajse a few days ago at
the Kelly mining camp, and treated it
with what appears to have been re
markable success.
Juan Maria Padilla, a miner, was
passing under a shaft in the Kelly mine
when the cage came down ninety feet,
struck him on the back of his head and
shoulders, doubled him up and broke
his back. Dr. Swisher found the man
completely paralyzed below where the
dislocation and fracture of ,the verte
SAN FRANCJSCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1905.
DIVERS FIND WOMAN'S
BODY UNDER A SNAG
ASTORIA, Or., Feb. 6. — After a
search lasting over a month, the body
of Mrs. Marie E. Saylor of Portland,
who disappeared at Skamokowa.
Wash., on New Year's eve, was found
at that place to-day by divers. In
twenty feet of water, tightly wedged
under a snag. It is supposed that the
woman accidentally tripped and fell
into the water from the porch of the
building in which she had apartments.
At the time she disappeared there
were sensational rumors concerning
her disappearance. Her husband re
fused to credit the rumors, persisting
in the belief that she had been
drowned.
brae occurred and suffering intense
pain.
The physician called in six strong
men. Three of these took hold of the
upper extremities, while three held the
lower part of his body. By means of- a
steady, strong pull in opposite direc
tions they brought the dislocated verte
brae back into place with a snap that
sounded like a pistol shot.
At last accounts the patient was rest-
Ing well.
OVERHEARS
MESSAGE TO
HARRIMAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— Wall street
heard to-day a dramatic stcrry of how
the "leak" in the Supreme Court deci
sion awarding Harriman temporary
victory in his suit against the North
ern Securities Company came about.
Those who lost modest fortunes through
the "leak" have been bitter in their
accusations of the Federal judiciary;
but It was a pure accident which placed
in the hands of one of the biggest
brokerage houses in Wall street the in
formation which enabled It to prevent
a loss of $250,000.
A member of this firm who Is an old
: 4
rOI.ICK t SBRGEANT «* WHO COXFESSEr
J THAT-.-.HEf HAD REOKIVED $2000. I*
f BRIBES FROM qHINESE GAMBL.ERS.
MASTERSON
ELEVATED
TO OFFICE
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— The ap
pointment of William B. Masterson as
deputy United States Marshal by Mar
shal Henkel of the Southern District of
New York is made on the personal re
quest of President Roosevelt, who has
known Mr. Masterson for several years
and believes that he la a good man for
the place.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— lt waa an
nounced to-day by United States Mar
shal Henkel that the redoubtable "Bat"
Masterson, formerly Sheriff of Dodge
City, Kans., the hero of Innumerable
affrays and as ready with his shooting
irons as the renowned Colonel Cody
himself, has just been appointed dep
uty marshal of this district. He is at
present in Hot Springs, Ark., but It la
said that he will arrive in New York
City to-morrow, when the oath of office
will be administered. In speaking of
the new deputy marshal Henkel said:
"I appointed Mr. Masterson for the
sole reason that I think he is the man
for the place. He has been recom
mended to me by persons of the great
est importance, and I shall be only too
happy to have such a man associated
with me. He is a thorough gentleman
In every sense of the word, and for
honor and courage he has few equals."
The newly appointed deputy marshal,
whose full name is William Barclay
Masterson, known to friend and foe
alike as "Bat," was born about fifty
years ago out West somewhere, and
has built up an enviable reputation for
himself as a man fearless in the per
formance of his duty. It is said he has
killed twenty-eight men In fair fight.
Masterson was only 15 years old when
he emigrated to Fort Dodge, and be
fore three years had elapsed had made
himself widely celebrated as hunter of
bison, a gun fighter and a terror to evil
doers.
time telegraph operator dropped into a
telegraph office to send a message.
While there he overheard a dispatch,
which would have been unintelligible, to
an ordinary operator but which he In
terpreted, and saved his firm $250,000,
besides imparting the information to
other brokerr
r f&y\ ~ ■
r T*Tk THKATERS.
T^fcaAZA^-'-Are You a Mason?"
» AjbIAMBRA-^-Melba concert.
. CAtIFORN'IA->The Mummy and the
HuuwnfnK -Bjifd."
WfI&UMBIA-»<' i Tne Dictator.'
CENTRAIj— Flsht for Millions."
-CHlTTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S — Vaudeville. ..'.,
GRAND — "Mother Goose."
j ; ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
' TlVOLJ— Grand oeera.
ASSASSIN'S
BULLET FOR
PROCURATOR
Adviser oi Finnish
Senate Slain by
a Youth.
HELSINGFORS. Feb. s.— Soisalon
Soininen, Procurator General of Fin
land, who before he was ennobled was
known by the name of Johnsson, was
assassinated to-day by a young man
whose identity up to the present time
has not been determined. The assassin
of Soininen and his son were both
wounded in a duel following the mur
der. The motive for the crime appar
ently was purely political, the slain
official being a prominent member of
the Government party.
The murderer appeared at the Pro
curator's residence at 11 o'clock and
sent in a card m French bearing the
name of Alexander Gadd, who is In the
Russian service. The young man, who
was smartly dressed In an officer's uni
form, was at once admitted lo the of
ficial's study, and upon hi» entrance
,fired f<var shots from a revolver, one of
the bullets piercing the breast of the
Procurator, who expired almost in
stantly.
Solnlnen's 17-year-old son, hearing
the shots, rushed in fmm an adjoining
room and fired three or four shots at
the assassin, whose right leg was
broken below the knee by a bullet. He
also was slightly wounded in the
shoulder and a finger of his left hand
was struck.
The assassin fired the one bullet re
maining in his revolver at Soininen's
son, wounding him slightly in the calf
of the right leg. He then endeavored
to escape, but fell unconscious on the
floor of the anteroom. There he was
seized.
Dr. Wasastjerna was called imme
diately, but found the Procurator be
yond the need of his services. The as- :
sassin was removed to the surgical !
hospital, where he lies guarded by po
lice, answering no questions and evi
dently unconscious. His recovery, how
ever, is believed to be certain. Up to
the present the authorities have been
unable to identify him. He is of dark
complexion and apparently between 25
and 30 years old.
Soininen was born in 1856 and prac
ticed at the Finnish bar. He was high
ly esteemed and had held various gov
ernment appointments, including that
of Provincial Judge. He was appointed
Procurator General of the Duchy of
Finland.
Soininen was regarded as a wise and
patriotic official. Tt is understood that
it wasr at his initiative that tho Finns
exiled by governor General Bobrikoff
were allowed to return to Finland.
ERA OP TERRORISM FEARED.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 7.— The
news of the assassination otf Soisalon
Soininen, Procurator General of Fin
land, was not generally known in St.
Petersburg last night, but may be ex
pected to produce a great sensation
when it becomes public, as It will be
regarded as the precursor of an era of
terrorism for which the events of Jan
uary In St. Petersburg and throughout
Russia gave the signal.
Until the identity of the assassin Is
definitely known. It will be impossible,
of course, to establish the motive for
the attempt; but the present circum
stances in Finland render almost cer
tain that the crime is of a purely politi
cal character and of the same nature
as the assassination of Count Bob
rikoff. the Governor General of Fin
land, in June of last year.
Tbe Russlflcation of the province of
Finland has been meeting with great
opposition and creating much bitter
ness, especially since the formation of
the party of active resistance, which is
recruiting from the bolder spirits of the
original party of passive resistance and
to which the perpetrator of this latest
crime probably belonged.
At the conference of revolutionary
parties of Russia, comprising represen
tatives of the Finnish active resistance
party, the Polish National League, the
Russian Emancipationists and other
revolutionary organizations in Berlin
last night, a programme for general
concerted action was drawn up, and
i the assassin of Soininen undoubtedly
was in tc-uch with the dissatisfied ele
ment in Russia. As a matter of fact,
never before in the history of the em
pire have events of an anti-govern
mental nature been in closer connec
tion, as has been shown by the general
spread of the strike movement: and the
assassination of Soininen, though prin
cipally inspired by the grievances af
the Finnish Nationalists, undoubtedly
was also spurred on by the use of
troops against the strikers in 3t. Pe
tersburg and elsewhere.
SOIXIXEN MARKED FOR DEATH.
Little is known regarding the mur
der, but as Procurator General Soininen
was the adviser of the Finnish Senate,
which incurred the enmity of the anti-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DIAMONDS
SUDDENLY
DISAPPEAR
Guest at St. Francis
Is Minus Her
- Jewels.
The management of the St. Francis
Hotel, assisted by members of the lo
cal detective force, was engaged last
evening in tryirrg to gain some clew
that would solve the mystery surround
ing the disappearance of a box of dia
monds and jewelry belonging to a
prominent guest of the big hostelry.
Up to a late hour this morning the
detectives had not found the slightest
clew to the missing gems, but they
have not given up hope of recovering
them. For several weeks the St. Fran
cis has included among its must fash
ionable guests Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Hol
brook of Minneapolis. Holbrook is a
wealthy lumberman, who, accompanied
by his handsome wife, came to the
coast on business.
." Mrs. Holbroo,k, vho -was v always re
garded as one-o! -the m»j«t *ura*
dressed, worm'n at, the hotel. " carried
with her on her; trip ; to Sa a PVanciacu
h casket* of •'. jewels valued ■'- at .about
18000. - Yesterday ; the ooupJe prepared
for their departure for the East on the
evening train, and after "dispatching:
their trunks "to',the\deßpt, brook
went to the office ana got his wife s
valuables that! had been deposited m
one of the hotel safes. ..The visitors
were conveyed to the ferry in a car
riage and were accompanied by the
runner of , the hotel, who had been en
gaged to assist them in carrying their
hand baggage across the bay.
When the Oakland mole was reached
and ihe Holbrooks were about to enttr
the overland train Mrs. Holbrook, with
natural womanly instinct, suddenly
asked her husband If her jewel case
was all right and, much to the surprise
of both, it was discovered that the
valuable receptacle was missing. Hol
brook was positive that he had carried
the jewels from the hutel to the car
riage, and thinking that possibly he
had left them behind in the conveyance
he immediately telegraphed the man
agement of the St. Francis to institute
a search for them.
Acting upon his request the hotel
peo-ple hunted up the hack driver, who
had turned in his vehicle and gone to
his home, but he disclaimed all knowl
edge of the Jewels and cleared himself
of any suspicion by establishing as a
fact that he had not dismounted when
he reached the ferry depot with his pas
sengers, but that the hotel runner, w ho
had accompanied him, had gat hie red to
gether the coats and parcels ul the Hol
brooks and followed them across the
bay on the ferry.
Although the management of the St.
Francis was apparently absolved from
any responsibility, it decided to insti
tute a further search, and called in the
local detectives to assist in the case.
Notwithstanding that Holbrook was
certain that he had taken the jewels
away from the hotel a careful search
of the apartments vacated by himaelf
and wife was made, but without fruit
ful results. Holbrook expressed no dis
position to suspect the hotel runner.
who had accompanied him across the
bay, and the detectives finally arrived
at the conclusion that the wealthy lum
berman had carelessly left the valu
ables somewhere at the ferry or on the
boat. Acting on this theory the de
tectives at midnight were quietly try
ing to find out whether any person had
found the missing jewels.
Mrs. Holbrook was anxious to re
turn to San Francisco, with the hop*
of lending assistance to the detectives
in their search, but her husband, who
has business engagements In the East.
Insisted that their journey should be
continued.
Russian parties .on ' account .of the al
leged subserviency Ito the process . of
Russiflcatton. Soininen undoubtedly
w.as selected as the representative and
responsible victim.
Laws , : in Finland have mo , validity
without > the assent "of the Senate, and
that body, when it was ratified by the
jnanifestoof the, Emperor on February
15, : 1§99. ' and by subsequent . edicts ap
plying to Finland, took the position on
legal grounds that it was bound to as
sent to whatever was . promulgated 'by
the Emperor, entering at the same time
protests against the measures. This
was : held by -' the Nationalists to be ? a
subterfuge, but subsequent reorganlza-"
tion of the Senate, making It even more
pro-Russian. Increased , its ' unpopular
ity. Tne present Finnish Diet. ~; on the
other : hand, which '- was ; summoned *' by
the Emperor after the death of A Gov
ernor General Bobrikoff and upon ; the
latter's advice, stood ' firmly in , opposi
tion to the position of the Senate. Its
first step was to adopt." by the unanim
ous voice tof all the " four '.estates, a pe
tition asking the * Emperor •to restore
the liberties and constitution -of - Fla
landgnQßHll pSGBHBBh2
TAINTED GOLD
IS SURRENDERED BY POLICE SERGEANT ELLIS TO GRAND JURY
AND TURNED OVER BY FOREMAN TO SUPERIOR JUDGE LAWLOR
TWO OTHER IERBERS OF SQUAD
ALSO TELL OF THE CRAFTINC
Chan Cheung Had Big Fund
to Disburse Weekly.
STATUTE PRECLUDES CRIMINAL PROSECUTION
Oon tinned From l»a{je 1. Column 1.
of Sergeant Ellis made it possible for
the grafid jurors to penetrate the great
mystery of Chinatown. The taking of
bribe money was for him a departure
from a career that had long been hon-
He lacked the cunning of the
rogue, a smarting conscience made eye
and voice uncertain in denials, and an
and a haJf in the "sweating" pro
i.ad suftiied to draw the story of
From him.
The break came, and then he yielded
up everything, even the money he had
taken. The rascal will say that Ellis
is a r<M>L The law of sell-preservation
v uuld read the same. "Stout denials
would have saved Ellis, says Foreman
Andr-
Bad the sergeant maintained an at
iiiude of innocence he would in all
L>ud not be a disgraced man to
• \ iuence against him before he
rnnfiwrfl wum meager and flimsy. But
he v !i the courage of the
He fell t«. temptation, floun
dered in elements foreign to his nature
and experience, and within the space
at a few w cete worked the undoing of
an honorable reputation.
I*. wa< tar a deed of bravery that
won a piace on the force, and his
record thei-e has been noted for fear-
But he could not look into
: f an accuser with conscience
I harsh condemnation
• :n.
The confession of Ellis induced tive
two atrolmen— Heinz and O'Brien— to
tell of their participation in corruption.
He tried to aid the Grand Jury, and
acting the part of monitor, as it were,
encouraged the others to tell all they
Knew .
SQUAD CHARGED.
D the confessions of this trio,
<irand Jury makes sweeping
gainst the entire squad, and
:he Police Department in general.
Hut n<> Bpeclflc evidence was unearthed
i-.painst any one: the confessions of El
ieinr and O'Brien were all that
(HTrftH out, and they implicate
04 seriously but themselves.
The Grand Jury did set forth in its
• that Ellis, in loosing his tongue,
hat it was Sergeant H. H. Chris
-••n who directed him to Chan
Cbem he weekly contributions.
"Chinatown sack." But last
night Ellis said this was a mistake,
that the jurors had misunderstood him.
and he was eager to have it appear in
üblio prints that Sergeant Chris
tiansen was innocent of the whole af
fair.
p time ago at an investigation
by the Police Commissioners examina
tion of books captured in raids of fan
lan game* revealed that $5 was collect
ed fi • iible every week for pro
::terference by the police.
- confession corroborates
the evidem ■•■ gathered at this time.
During tht eight weeks that he says he
he weekly contributions from
• 'ban <'heung the total amount paid
him i |Mtt. He began making
<alls on the disbursing agent shortly
after Deing assigned to Chinatown. But
h<- denies emphatically that the $700 or
hat he could not turn over to the
<Jran<i Jury wmm given to any one in
c with him. He*says the money
to his personal use. It came much
und faster than money had ever
come to him before, and he spent it
with (^responding facility.
The Grand Jury did not spare Chief
Wittman in its searching for further
incrimination, but neither from the ser
peant nor any one else was the slight
videnee discovered against him.
NO INDICTMENTS.
There were no indictments by the
Grand Jury for the reason that all the
evidence available is that of co-ccrn
spirators. The law reads that there
• an be no conviction of an offender on
the testimony of a fellow-conspirator
without oornrboration. It therefore ap
iliat Ellis. Heinz and O'Brien will
" criminal prosecution, for the
<»ran<] Jury threshed the matter out
thoroughly and would have instituted
■>e<="n possible to do so.
report of the Grand Jury is as
In the partial report of the Police Commit
tee, handed to you ■ v. p^lc ago, we set forth
•i, epitome of the present Rituation of police
affairs* in Chinatown. We .explained In detail
the condition found t© exist and set forth in
the report of the Police Commission, together
with a confession of their Inability to discover
th< evildoer*, and the urgent necessity for thU
committf to institute Investigations.
The object of the said partial report wa» to
appeal to his Honor WlllUm P. Lawlor, 1h«
presiding Judge, to suggest to the Board of
I*ol Ice Commissioner* the propriety of delaying
their investigations, and thus granting us the
desired time to pursue our inquiries, and sup
plement such evidence and Information which
we have with additional corroborative proof,
which is necessary in order to render tt legally
effective.
The presiding Judge, after considering nur
request. indited a letter to the Board of Po
lice Commissioners, Inclosing the said partial
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the execretions
from it off ; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free alkali
in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
Sold all over the world.
report, and <«uiiTrcFted the advisability of
granting- our request,, and In that way co
openui:!K with us.
At the meeting of th<» Commissioners- last
Monday ni*-ht a copy of the report and reso
lution, as well as the communication of the
presiding Judge, were read to the Police Com
missioners, and the president of that body, an
nounced that no further time would be granted
and thti.t the examination must proceed at once.
The accus<ti ofliec-rs not being represented
by ar attorney, however, the matter was post
l< n*-d for one week, and the announcement
made that no further time would be granted.
S(X)I{ES POLICE BOAKD.
We fef-l that, a? we had made such splendid
progress in our Investigations, that had the
Commission granted us the extension
"d, wt would have succeeded in uncov
ering the nest of bribery and corruption exist
ing in the department presided over by them.
We beg to report the result of our labors as
follows :
V.' find from evidence before us that the
last squad of policemen who went into Chlna
town tor the purpose of suppressing: gambling.
prior to the appointment of this Grand Jury,
was the squad under Sergeant Thomae P. El
lis, and appointed by the Chief or Police on
or about October 1, IWM. And said evidence
Is to the effect that upon the first day Ser
geant Ellis assumed his new duties he wa« di
rected by Sergeant Christiansen, his predeces
sor in charge of the Chinatown squad, to call
upon on" Chan Cheung. 2 St. Louis alley. That
members of Ellis' squad were also directed
by members of the Christiansen squad to call
at the same place. That in - accordance with
this direction Sergeant Ellis did call at" 2 St.
Louis alley and for the period of time during
which he was In charge of the Chinatown
squad, namely, up to November 30, 1904. the
eald Sergeant Thomas P. Bills received from
said Chan Cheung from $2.Vt to $275 each a -<1
every wetk. That the members of. the squad
also called upon said Chan Cheung, 2 St.
Liouls alley, and received sums ranging from
$30 to S+n per week each. These ■ sums were
paid on Saturday of each week at 2 Bt. Lculs
■Hcjr and between the hours of 12 and 1
o'clock. That prior to any of said sums txung
paid and during the first few days of t!ie duty
on the *quad. the members of said squa-1 1 eld
a consultation on Dupont street, near Wash
ington, and agreed that they would on r-ach
Saturday, between the hours of 12 and 1
o'clock, go to 2 St.- Louis alley to collect the
paid amounts, and endeavored to arrange so
that no two would call at f=ald place at the,
came time. It was arrane-ed that betwton 12
and 1 o'clock on each Saturday the members
of the *quad would watch th» said doorway. 2
St. Louis alley, and a man would not mit»r
until the one preceding him had com» rut. At
the head of the stairs were two rooms, ay.l In
case some one was already there :he late
<jrm"r would step Into the second room it til
the other caller had rone.
ELLIS GIVES UP MONEY.
That upon receiving the lnformatlcn of money
having been jM-.id to Sergeant Ellis, your com
mittee went to the house of said Ellis, where
«'» were informed that said money was keit.
had secured the sum of $1330 in gold coin: said
amount being contained in fourteen paper pac<c
ages and consisting of $100 in $20 gol.l pieces.
$150 In $10 gold pieces and the balance in
r-leven packages cf $5 pieces. This money,
since it was secured, has been In the custody
of. the foreman of the Grand Jury and depos
ited In a safe deposit vault. Tour committee
hereby requests that It now be . delivered " to
the presiding Judge of the Superior Court In
ami for this city and county. ■ '■■ ■■■■•* .
That the "Evidence tends to show that all of
said m.-rnoy,, together with the money paid to
th j.atrolmen connected with the Chinatown
pquad. was received from Chan Cheung, now
under indictment upon a charge of murder
. That it i? apparent from the testimony taken
before this committee that said money was dis
tributed for the purpose of protecting gamblinr
In Chinatown. • That Information was pos-cd
from S-.rgeant Christiansen and the members
of his Mjuad to Sergeant Ellis and the members
of his squad to the effect that s>aid Chan Cheung
was the distributing agent, and advised that
the sergeant and patrolmen call and : see the
said Chan Cheung at Xo. 2 St. Louts all-y
and to take, what they were given and Fay
nothing.
It appears from the evidence that when raids
were made by the Chinatown squad It was
usually acting on the order of Chan Cheunsr.
wlio would notify the squad of the time and
place of the raid; the said Chan Cheung would
then arrange that only a» few Chinamen be
ir. the gambling premises when the. raid took
place.
\V> also find that when raids were arranged
by "t?r-r* than the said Chan Cheung, as soon
a« lnstruotions" were given to the squad to
that effect Chinese were at once notified as to
the time of the raid, so that they wouT3 be
amply prepared for the same.
Tlie nam-^s of the members of the Chinatown
squad under S<-rgrant K!11"= were: William Po
ran. Charles E. Munn. Henry Heinz. Richard
O'Brien. H<»rry T. MoOrath. and that the mem-
Irf-rs- r^' Pergesnt Christiansen's squad were:
J c Farrell. J. A. Hayes, A. M. Smith. E. J.
Rottanzi, B. M. Clancy.
CORRUPTION FAR REACHING.
That your committee jp unable to state for
what period of time and under what sergeants
this system has continued, but believes that it
has been carried along In . the department for
a number of years, and that the squads btm-
Inbefore mentioned have followed in *.h<? foot
steps of certain of its predecessors.
Tour committee is positive that a .vigilant
squad of police, commanded by an honest and
competent sergeant, can at i all times enfonce
the law In Chinatown or In any other portion
of this city. This han been 'proven by th» ac
tiont of - certain sergeants who have been pon t
to Chinatown to uphold th# law during the last
four or five years.
For the department to confess that any part
of this city Is immun* from the carrying rut
of the ordinances of the city or the statutes
of the State, so far as eonesrns gambling or
other crime, we hold to be ■ absolutely unten
able, and a confession of weakness upon the
part of the department making the- admission.
The Beard of Police Commissioner*. spesifteal
ly charged with the duty of seeing that cor
ruption does not creep Into the department
and to *rail)Mt« It when It rain* a faothold.
admitted In the 1 report filed in the Tiivith of
December last, that there were over iOO plnees
In ch'natown where gambling, has .been ron
ducted during many years last past. ' -
Tt neems to ;us that they could nlso . h<«.v*
discovered why this wholesale- violation *f the
law was permitted and have | taken the n«^ps
sary steps to prevent the ; same. • W» believe
that with, the machinery . which ; they : nave : at
hand the work should hay« been eas'er\ for
then than It hue been for the Grand Jury. . -'
We further find from the evidence before
uh that an Injunction' was granted by r>erart
rnfnt Ko. 12 of thf Superior. Court : »v»rin»
most of the plaees^of gambling In Chinatown,*
which injunction wb« continued In force do-p-n
to <%n or about November 7. IfKH. an.l that,
notwithstanding . wld , injunction.' the .* weekly
payments were regularly made to members of
th<-- Police P«>risrtmeTit. . ■ .
W« regret "Tceedlnirly that our ur?»nt ap
peal for further time .wns . not granted, and
to such refusal •w» lay the responsibility for
our failure- to adduce evidence , that . would
convict the guilty parties In a court of law.
CHRTSTf AXSEXV KXONTiHIATED.
Ellis Says He at Xo Time Accused the
Sergeant. •
Sergeant Ellis said last night that
the Grand Jury must have misunder*
stood him and that he had not made
the statement that Sergeant Christian*
sen told him to go to Chan Cheung to
get bribe money.
"Christiansen never directed me to
Chan Cheung or to any one else foi
corruption money nor did I so tell the
grand jurors." Ellis declared to the
press. "The jurors certainly miscon
strued what I said to them. I am
sorry that such a grave reflection has
been cast on the character of Sergeant
Christiansen when there is no founda
tion whatever for it. That is all I
h.-ive to say in regard ( to the Grand
Jury's report."
District Attorney Byington declares
thiit the Grand Jury made its report
from the shorthand record of Ellis'
confession and that there could be no
mistake as to what he said concern
ins: Christiansen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1005.
BEGINS TRIAL
OF SERGEANT
TOM ELLIS
After Long Delay
Police Board
Acts.
FAiN-TAN EXPERTS
Chinese Testify
to Gambling
Raids.
CHIEF TAKES HAND
The long deferred trial of Police Ser
geant Ellis under the charges preferred
by ex-Commissioner Hutton, that Ellis
allowed gambling in Chinatown and
that he warned the various gambling
clubs that were paying for police im
munity that a Police Commissioner
was about to make a visit, began be
fore the Police Commissioners last
night.
The proceedings started with the
reading of the charges of Hutton
against Sergeant Ellis. Several Chi
nese witnesses were then placed on the
stand to testify as to gambling in Chi
natown. With the examination of the
Chinese the situation changed from a
trial of Ellis to the placing of Chief
Wittman on the defensive.
Several Chinese said that they had
been told by representatives of the
Eight Statesmen Society that the mon
ey collected for prelection was turned
over to the Chief of Police. The last
witness, Long Hong Poo, testified that
Attorney Grant L. Carpenter told
twenty Chinese of the Educational So
ciety that a Police Commissioner was
going to make a raid. This testimony
favored Ellis' case and pleased Chief
Wittman. t
Hutton tried repeatedly to make the
witness say that he was the only Chi
naman notified by Carpenter and that
the notification took place just prior to
the raid, but failed.
The delayed session began with a
reading of an answer by President Po
heim to the severe criticism of the Po
lice Commission by the Grand Jury,
and then the case of Sergeant Ellis was
called.
Hutton was the first witness to take
the stand after his charges against El
lis had been read. He was questioned
in turn by Chief Wittman and Attorney
Richard Mogan for Sergeant Ellis, and
he retold the story of his visits to the
Chinatown gambling den. He was fol
lowed on the stand by Irving McAfee,
formerly a messenger boy, who testi
fied to his delivering the note sent by
Hutton to Ellis making an appointment
to meet for the purpose of visiting the
dens.
Lee Sing, the third witness called,
testified that a Chinese named Wong
Yu telephoned the house at 820 Wash
ington street that a Police
sioner was coming and that they would
do well to close the place. The Chinese
who received the message was Chin
Bok Gai, one of the Eight Statesmen of
Chinatown.
At the time the telephone bell rang,
Lee Sing said, he was gambling and
stood about ten feet from the phone.
After Chin Bok Gai had finished talk
ing he gave orders to close up and stop,
as a Policy Commissioner was coming.
On cross-examination the witness
said that representatives of the Eight
Statesmen who collected the money
had said that it was for the Chief of
Police. Wittman then ask«d the wit
ness why he did not say that in his
previous testimony. Lee Sing replied
that he had not been asked the ques
tion. "Isn't it a fact," continued Witt
man, "that Carpenter and the China
man who is the head of the Educational
Society told you to change your testi
mony and that since last testifying
you have 'cooked ud' evidence?"
"No," replied the witness.
The next Chinaman was Chin Fay,
a gambler, who has been living at the
Educational Society for four years. He
told of the payment .of protection
money at 11 Ross alley, where the price
was $5 for each fantan table operated.
This witness also said that he heard
that the Chief of Police received the
money. Again Wittman asked if he
was not coached in testifying by Car
penter and again receive*! a negative
reply.
The last witness of the evening,
Long Hong Poo. grave the most Im
portant testimony regarding the warn
ing of the various gambling dens. He
said that Attorney Carpenter had in
formed him and twenty other Chinese
at the Educational Society that a Po
lice Commissioner was about to raid
the gambling clubs. This information
was given out between 7 and 8 o'clock
in the evening, nearly two hours before
Hutton made his visit. Sharp cross
questionins by Hutton failed to shake
the testimony.
TETRAZZINI
HOLDS LEVEE
AT SEQUOIA
A gladsome greeting was that to the
song bird, Slgnorina Tetrazzinl, in
Sequoia's realm last evening. The Pal
ace rooms overflowed with congratula
tion, friendliness and fashion, the latter
in abundance, adding not a little tcfthe
atmosphere of satisfaction and pleas
ure that beamed from all faces.
Signorina Tetrazzini, surrounded
completely and continually, bestowed
her graciouß naturalness upon all with
the same ease and warmth that she
diffuses from over the footlights, and
by this personal contact the magetism
of her voice is more perfectly under
stood. Fully 150 guests and membe.s
of Sequoia were In attendance, the va
rious groups disclosing among others;
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Walton Tully,
Mrs. Mary Austin, Miss Anna Frances
Briggs, Royden Williamson, Charles H.
Lombard, William Greer Harrison, Miss
Marie Withrow, Miss Eva Withrow,
Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt, Eric Julihn,
Charles Townsend, Charles Dutton,
Charles Sedgwick Aiken, Mr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Campbell, Mrs. Morffew,
Mrs. 'lda Gray Scott.
POHEIM DENOUNCES GRAND
JURORS AS HYPOCRITES.
Says They Are Doing Politics
CHARGES POLICE COMMITTEE WITH
AUDACiTY AND RANK INSINCERITY
The Police Commissioners were in re
sentful mood last night at the asper
sions cast on them by the Gr^.nd Jury.
Dr. J. F. Poheim was the only one
who spoke out in meeting, however.
Immediately on calling the board to
order and in a voice that showed nam
ing wrath he denounced the police com
mittee^ of the Grand Jury as having
shameless audacity.
The new Commissioner called the
committee hypocritical and insincere
for refusing to indict policemen and
sergeants against whom it pretended to
have found evidence. The entire con
duct of the police committee of the
Grand Jury was said to savor more of
a desire to do politics than to adminis
ter justice. The doctor spoke as fol
lows:
Gentlemen of the Commission — I desire at
this time to call your attention to th» pub
lished reports of the police committee of the
Grand Jury to-day, which, in my opinion, Is
a deliberate mfcstatcment of the attitude of
thlg commission and a declaration of rank In
justice toward It. The police committee
•ays:
■\\» regret, indeed, that our urgent appeal
for further time was not granted and to such
refusal we lay the responsibility for our failure
to adduce evidence that would convict the
guilty parties in a court of law."
Nothing that this commission has done has
In the slightest degree interfered with the
work of the Grand Jury or with any Investi
gation which it has made or may desire to
make and any statement to the contrary la
untrue. It is true that I have protested
against any further delay in the trial of the
cases of the accused police officers who are
before this commission on charges, of negtect
of duty. My reasons for insisting upon a trial
are these: It has been a matter of common
report for many weeks that certain members
of th« Grand Jury, to wit. Messrs. Andrews
and Bowes, had secured a confession from
some of the accused officers admitting cor
ruption and bribery of themselves, and I was
also several times Informed that a sum of
money, approximating fifteen hundred dollars
of bribe money received by these officers, was
in the possession of the grand Jurors men
tioned.
GUARANTEED IMMUNITY.
who had confessed, but also that they would
guarantee Immunity at the hands of this
It was my wish to bring these charges to a
hearing in order to ascertain whether or not
any of the men accused had actually accepted
bribes as stated, and if such was the case 7
did not propose to be a party to any pro
ceeding whereby corrupt or dishonest men
should remain upon the police force of this city
while I was a member of this commission and
I did not care whether or not the police com
mittee of the Grand Jury or any member of it
had made such a bargain In consideration of a
confession or otherwise.
On the other hand If the men were inno
cent. I thought they should have a chance to
establish their innocence within a reasonable
time and not remain upon the police fore*
GRAND JURY BLOCKED.
Foreman Andrtws Sayfe inquiry Into
Clilnatowit Graft Is Ended.
"The Grand Jury is now through
with investigation of police corruption
in Chinatown, " said Foreman Andrews
yesterday. "As is set forth in our re
port, the announcement of the Police
Commission that it would proceed with
its inquiry thwarted all our plans. We
will drop the whole matter and devote
ourselves to other things."
The foreman expresses regret that
the Grand Jury could take no steps to
prosecute the bribe takers because all
the evidence available is that of co
conspirators and the statute is explicit
that there can be no conviction on
such evidence unless it is corroborated
by other witnesses.
"We had hopes," continued the
foreman, "that we might find an in
dictment against Chan Cheung for
bribing the police, but District Attor
ney Byington advised us t^iat, inas
much as the testimony was all that of
fellow conspirators, we could not do
so."
Concerning the report that the
Grand Jury had assured Ellis that he
would be "taken care of" because he
made a clean breast of everything,
Andrews made- an emphatic denial.
"No promise was made to Ellis or any
other policeman by myself or any
member of the Grand Jury," asserted
the foreman.
It appears that the police commit
tee of the Grand Jury had very little
difficulty in extracting the confession
from-. Ellis. "We had a line of his ac
cepting money from Chan Cheung,"
Andrews explains, "and after plying
him with questions for about an hour
and a half he began to make admis
sions. It took some time to get the
whole story from him, but he finally
tbld freely everything in connection
with his wrongdoing.
"We asked him what became of the
$2000 he had received and he said he
had kept most of It I sent for a car
riage at night and he took me to his
home, where he had $1330 concealed
in the china closet.
"When preßsed as to what became
of the rest of the money Chan Cheung
Had paid him he Insisted that he had
spent it in personal use. He denied
repeatedly under a hot fire of ques
tioning that he had shared his collec
tions with any one or had agreed to
do so. Asked if Chief Wittman or any
higher official was to get a part of £he
graft Ellis answered no time and time
again and asserted positively that there
was no 'divvying.' The money was all
for himself he said.
"Ellis' statement to- us of the con
spiracy of the Chinatown squad was
corroborated in part by the confessions
of Patrolmen Henry M. Heinz and R.
R. O'Brien that they accepted $40 a
week from Chan Cheung. These three
policemen were the only members of
the squad that acknowledged thei~
guilt. All the others were called, but
under the most rigid examination made
stout denial.
"We tried to follow up Ellis' state
ment that Sergeant Christiansen told
him to call on Chan Cheung for dis
bursements from the sack. But Chris
tiansen said that he never knew of
Chan Cheung's control of the corrup
tion fund and met everything with a
square denial. We could do nothing
with only one man's statement against
another's.
"Probably things would have de
veloped along the whole line had the
Police Commissioners not Interfered
with our plans. We had a campaign
carefully mapped out, but everything
went awry and now we have been com
pelled to give up what looked for a
while like a promising field. Chan
Cheung thwarted us, of course, for in
view of Eilis' confession we expected
to break him down.
"The result is very unsatisfactory to
me. We wanted to get somebody
'higher up." There is not much satis
faction in exposing Sergeant Ellis and
doing police duty every day under the cloud
of these acc-usatluns and charges.
I must say that I did not accept with much
pleasure the open statements made before this
commk-sion by Sergeant Ellis that Mr. Bowes
of the Grand Jury had in effect told him to
pay no attention to the* orders of the Police
Commission and not to prepare himself for
trial when ordered.
From the report of the police committee of
the Grand Jury tc-day it is apparent tfaat
there was more or less truth in the reports
which have reached me and it seems strange
Indeed that with this evidence in their pos
session aud with their expressed desire to run
wnnEfdoers to earth the grand jurors have
r*: trained from bringing any accusations of any
kind as-ainst the men who, they say, have
confessed their wrongdoing. It certainly looks
to n>e very much as if there was more truth
in the statements of Immunity promised than
th-? iwlice committee of the Grand Jury is
willing to state in Its report.
CALLS IT AX EXCUSE.
I cannot see how an investigation by this
commission Into the conduct of these officers
fan at all obstruct the work of the Grand
Jury in ferreting out bribe taking: or corrup
tion in any direction, and I am led to believe
that thh; Is but a poor excuse to rover up the
fact that they are unable to procure any fur
ther evidence.
Without desiring- to make any comment in
this connection favorable or unfavorable to the
fcead. of the police force of this city, whose
duty and opportunity It has been to exercise
absolute control over these officers, they are
very free with their comment on this commis
sion, one of whom, to-wit: myself, was ap
pointed long subsequent to the acts charged;
another of whom. Commissioner Drinkhouse,
hits not only been constant in his endeavors
to suppress gambling In Chinatown, but has
even made personal raids; and the other. Com
missioner Reagan, has always earnestly co-oper
ated in the same direction.
And it looks to me very much aa if there
was more "politics" than a desire to be Just
in the report of the police committee of the
Grand Jury.
So tar is it from the truth that this commis
sion hay ever thrown any obstacles In the way
of the Grand Jury committee or that It desires
to do so that, on behalf of the entire commis
sion, I now offer publicly to co-operate with
the Grand Jui-y In any effort to obtain any
evidence or to confirm any Information it may
have on any subject whatever, and will place
the entire Police Department of the city at
its disposal for this service, but this commis
sion does not propose to have any two mem
bers of the Grand Jury run -its business with
out even having the Common courtesy of first
consulting the commission, and, so long as I
am president of the board, let me assure you,
gentlemen, they will not do bo with my con
sent.
And In conclusion, permit me to say that I
ilo not believe that ever in the history of this
country has a committee of a Grand Jury ha.l
Ihe shameless audacity to admit that it la in
possession of positive evidence of guilt and
yet fall to Indict the guilty, as Is the case
here
And, as an American citizen as well as a
member of this commission, I resent the hypo
critical and Inconsistent action of that com
mittee and am willing to have the people of
ban Francisco Judge as between this commis
sion and the police committee of the Grand
Jury which is the more honest In the execu
tion of its duty.
MAKES VIGOROUS DENIAL.
Christiansen Declares He Did Xot Give
Ellis the Tip.
"If Sergeant Ellis says I told him to
go to Chan Cheung for bribe money
he speaks an utter falsehood," de
clared Sergeant Christiansen yester
day. "If he says that I ever discussed
police duty with him on other than
honest and legitimate lines he is lying.
I am ready for an investigation at any
time. I have nothing to conceal."
Sergeant Christiansen is now on
duty in the Southern district, under
the command of Captain Spillane.
Christiansen was in charge of the
Chinatown squad for nine months and
was transferred on October 1. Ser
geant Ellis taking his place. With the
confession of Ellis as a basis, the
Grand Jury "finds that grafting has
been going on in Chinatown for a long
time and virtually accuses the ser
geant with bribe taking;
"I began raiding the games as soon
as I was assigned to Chinatown," ex
plained Christiansen yesterday, "and
in three weeks they got out a writ of
injunction against me. Resorting to
argument, why should the gamblers
pay me money for protection when my
hands were tied by the injunction? I
never took a dishonest cent in my life.
The Chinese I never approached me
with offers because they knew I was
not that kind of a man. I have al
ways heard of the sack in Chinatown,
but as I was never on the hunt for it
those who held it never bothered me.
"The injunction that stopped me
from raiding the fantan and lottery
games was in force for a month after
I was taken from Chinatown and sent
to the Southern district. It looks to
me as if the writ was raised as soon
p.s it was ascertained that immunity
could be purchased from the police.
"I think that Ellis' statement about
me Is the dirtiest thing he has done.
It is absolutely without foundation
and he has recklessly sought to be
smirch my reputation.
"I was before the Grand Jury as a
witness, but I could tell them nothing
more than the rumors I had heard of
the existence of a corruption fund in
Chinatown. Then they inquired
searchingly into my private affairs.
They asked me how much money I
had In the bank and what property I
owned. I did nok know what they
were driving at, but I was frank about
everything. I had nothing to conceal
Trom the Grand Jury nor from any
one else."
Christiansen lias been a member of
the department for fifteen years. He
was made a sergeant in 1894.
A Guaranteed Ciice for Piles.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druggist will refund money If PAZO OINT
MENT fails to cure you In « to 14 days. 50c. •
To Hold Examinations.
The Civil Service Commissioners at
their regular meeting last night dcv
cided to hold examinations for posi
tions in the Board of Health and in
the Board of Public Works. At the
next meeting the Cotnmlsioners will
determine th^ scope of the examina-^
tions and prepare the questions.
No Pardon for Postal Frauds.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6. — The Pres
ident has declined to grant the appli
cation for pardon filed In behalf of
Diller B. and Samuel A. Groff, con
victed of conspiracy to defraud the
Government in connection with the
postofflce cases.
the patrolmen. We were after much
bigger game, but didn't get them, and
it was with a pang of grief that I sub
mitted the report this morning that
probably means the undoing of Ellis
and the patrolmen involved."
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. Ail
druggists refund the money If it fails to cure.
E. W. Grove' a signature is on each box. 25c.*
LONG RECEIVED
BY PRESIDENT
City Attorney Presents the
Needs of San Francisco
as to a Water Supply
FIXDS EEADY LISTENER
Commissioner of Forestry
Directed to Keport on Pro
posed Yosemite Diversion
Special Bispatch to The ("all.
CALL, BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— City Attor
ney Percy V. Long of San Francisco
visited the President to-day and laid
before him at length the needs of the
city in the matter of a water supply
and the efforts being made to meet
them. The President is perfectly fa
miliar with the Yosemite National
Park and Long found it easy to ex
plain the whole situation to him. while
he also found the President a ready
and interested listener.
A bill permitting the city to take
water from a reservoir in Yosemite, at
Lake Eleanor and Hetch-Hetchy Val
ley, has reposed in the Public Lands
Committee for a long time. Needham
is a member of that eomittee and he is
opposed to the bill on the ground that
the proposed use of the water would
divert it from the valleys of his district,
where his constituents need it for ir
rigation purposes. Long showed the
President that no injury would follow
to agriculture from the diversion of the
comparatively small flow of water,
while the needs of San Francisco were
paramount and imperative.
The President gave Long a letter to
Commissioner of Forestry Pinchot.
with a request that the latter go into
the situation thoroughly and report to
him. Long will see Pinchot to-moirow.
MANY HARBORS
CLOSED BY ICE
BOSTON, Feb. 6.— Nearly all of the
smaller ports on the New England
Coast between Passamaquoddy and
Narragansett bays are closed to-night
tightly with ice, while the larger har
bors, including Boston, Portsmouth,
Portland and Providence, are filled
with huge floating cakes that impede
and endanger navigation. The south
east storm and rising temperature that
prevailed during the day caused a tem
porary lifting of the ice embargo at a
few of the .blockaded ports, but to
night the wind changed to the north
west, a cold wave approached and it is
expected that to-morrow would bring
about conditions even worse than
those which have existed for the past
three days.
BALTIMORE. Feb. 6.— The ice em
bargo in the Chesapeake Bay on coast
wise shipping is now complete, only
the heavy draft ocean steamships be
ing able to make their way through the
dangerous channel to the capes. Bat
tling with the ice between Cove Point
and the Seven-Foot Knoll are four big
steamships from sea. These vessels
have been in the bay since early yes
terday. The ocean steamships arriving
here report navigation extremely diffi
cult on account of the great fields of
ice all the way from the capes to the
city wharves.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Feb. 6.—Spe
cials from a large number of points in
Western Texas indicate that the Dres
ent blizzard is the worst in ten years.
The whole northern portion of the State
is covered with frozen sleet. Cattle are
huddled in bunches and cannot be
moved to water. Stockmen estimate
losses aggregating hundreds of thou
sands of dollars, and that ranee cattle
will not recover in six months from the
damage done thus far. There is no
sign of the blizzard abating.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Feb. 6.— After re
peated and ineffectual attempts to free
the Nantucket Shoals lightship from
the ice pack in which she was caught
and by which she was forced ashore
to-day, the United States gunboat
Hist to-night approached within 200
yards of the disabled craft, where her
progress was stopped and she lay to
for the niffht.
NEW YORK. Feb. <s.— With miles of
residence streets in the upper part of
Manhattan Island and in Brooklyn
piled high with snowbanks, the discom
fort which the people of New York
have experienced from bad weather re
cently was increased to-day when a
snowstorm which began last night was
changed into a heavy fall of rain and
sleet that covered sidewalks and car
rails with an icy coating. Huge fields
of floating ice still fill portions of the
rivers and harbors and delay travel by
ferry.
GLEN'B FALLS, N. T., Feb. «.—
Northeastern New York is snowbound.
Fifteen inches of snow has fallen and
the storm still continues. Trolley traf
fic is suspended and stage mail routes
blocked.
CAMBRIDGE, Md., Feb. «.— "Word
has reached here that five men were
drowned in Hoopers Straits last Friday
while attempting to reach shore from
icebound oyster vessels.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— Another cold
wave is scheduled to follow in the wake
of a snowstorm which has prevailed
here for thirty hours. The snowfall
has seriously interfered with transpor
tation.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Feb. 6.—Commu
nication in the Central Southwest is
crippled to-day to a degree of serious
ness unknown in late years by a sleet
storm of many hours' duration, extend
ing from Georgia over into Texas and
as far north as the Ohio River. The
city of Atlanta. Ga.. which under nor
mal conditions keeps in touch with the
world by over 150 telegraph wires, was
cut off to-day from all communication
with any point.
New Orleans also is suffering from
lack of communication and only two
wires were working to that city Long
rows of poles were reported down in
Mississippi.
The commercial telegraph companies
owing to the impaired facilities, were
forced to route telegrams originally in
tended between cities only a short dis
tance apart over a territory covering
thousands of miles and involving much
delay.
Many Southern cities report the crip
pling of street car and lighting facili
ties, and in every direction trains were
hours late.
>V NEW. YORK. \ Feh 6.— John - Bramwell. : who
is ; satd i to; have i amassed . a fortune ;In .' the cot
ton Urade;by; running the- blockade of Southern
port* t durlnf -the blockade ; of the Civil War <
died 'at Flushing. ;' L.. • 1., ; to-day, aged 89 ,'years 4
NEW TEMPLE
IS DEDICATED
Impressive Ceremonies at
the Opening of Buildiiiir
of Scottish Kite Masou
JMCKOX KECEIYKS OUT
President of Association
is Presented With Val
uable Set of Silverware
With impressive ceremonies the Al
beit Pike Memorial Temple. 185!) Gears
street, was dedicated last night. The
structure is a beautiful one and re
flects great credit on the talffornia
Scottish Rite bodies that erected it.
The cornerstone was laid on July »
by the Most Worshipful Grand Lodge,
F. and A. M. of California.
The building r^pi-Hst-nts years of
earnest labor on the part of the Albert
Pike Memorial Temple Association,
consisting of some ot the most promi
nent Masons of the city. Among them
are: Fred J. H. Rickon- thirty-third
degree, president; Frank B. Ladd.
thirty-third degre- president',
William Crocker, thirty-second degree,
treasurer; VV. I. Brobeck, eighteenth
degree, secretary: and W. C. Ordway,
thirty-second degree.
F. J. H. Rickon, the prime mover
of the project, was presented with
a valuable set of silverware by
his brother Masons of the Scot
tish Rite as a token of their ap
preciation of his good work. Bestor
G. Brown, past grand master of the
Grand Lodge of the State of Kansas.
made the presentation speech, paying
a graceful tribute to the energy of the
local fraters. Mr. Rickon presented the
bodies with a beautifully bound Bible
The address of welcome by W. Frank
Pierce, sovereign grand inspector gen
eral of California, was a happily cho
sen one. He said, in part: "I con
gratulate you on your beautiful home.
Ladies, thrice welcome to you! En-
courage and assist us in our ffreat
work for God and humanity."
The stage in the upper hall, where
the dedication ceremonies were held,
was lighted by electrical Masonic em
blems in colors. On the platform
W. Frank Pierce, sovereign grand in
spector, as master: Fred J. H. Rickon.
commander in chief of California
sistory No. 5. as prior; Frank B. Ladd,
venerable master of California Lodge
of Perfection No. 10, as pre<
A. Scott, worshipful master of Califor
nia Chapter No. 7, Knight 3 Ro.««? < 'roix,
as primate: and L. A. March, comman
der of California Council No. 7. Knights
Kadosh. as master of ceremonies. The
invocation was by "W. H. Jordan.
Afttr the ceremonies visitors were
shown through the building and royally
entertained. The interior of the build-
Ing and its magnificent furnishings ex
cited much admiration.
VICE IN QUAKER CITY.
:iiarjje of Police Oollurton Is Made to
Mayor Weaver.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. rt.— Following
the allegations in the presentment <>f
the Grand Jury last Thursday that
syndicated vice exists in this city, and
that Director of Public Safety Smyth
is responsible for the condition, D.
Clarence Gihboney, secretary of the
Law and Order Society, to-day, in a
letter to Mayor Weaver, made a spe
cific charge of official collusion with a
disreputable resort. The place was
raided by agents of the society early
this morning. Gibboney, in his letter
to the Mayor, said:
This place hsa been protected by your poli-«.
On the bureau of the mlMress of the house th«
most conspicuous ornament wu a large cabi
net photograph of a patrolman oa that beat.
Th« hous* is a house of officially protected -- *
syndicated crime.
Mayor Weaver, in reply, said:
If I can get evidence that there is any aon
nection with a police official or any official
under my control protecting vice In any way.
shape or form in tnis city, he shall not dtay In
the employ of the city. I shall be glad: to re
ceive the evidence you hay« at the earliest
possible moment.
Gibboney will present his evidence to
the Mayor on a date to be fixed by that
official, at which time it is expected a
committee of five clergymen will be
present. This clerical committee, of
which Archbishop Ryan of the Roman
Catholic church and Bishop Mackay
Smith of the Episcopal church are
members, held a conference with the
Mayor to-day.
New York for Federal Control.
ALBANY. N. T.. Feb. B— The As
sembly to-night adopted without op
position a resolution requesting the
New York representatives in Congress
to favor legislation carrying out Presi
dent Roosevelt's views relating to con
trol of railroad rates.
TREATMENT OF PILES.
Permanence of Core the True Test.
Many so-called pile remedies will
afford the user slight temporary relief
and the majority of those afflicted do
not expect more than this.
The average sufferer, after having
tried every preparation recommended
for the cure of piles, comes to the con-
clusion that there is no cure except
an operation and rather than undergo
this "last resort" he suffer on, re-
signed to the situation, so far ;is may
be. The attention of those interested
is invited to the following expert*
"After ten years of suffering from
> blind, bleeding and protruding piles
and after using every remedy I could
! hear of without any benefit, I finally
bought a fifty-cent box of Pyrunid
Pile Cure and used it with such
result* I bought a dollar box, which
finished up the job. That was nearb
six years ago and aa far as piles is
concerned I am cured and have never
felt a symptom of them since.
"Many others have used this ren
by my advice with the same result*
and I always recommend it to suf-
ferers with piles." — C. H. Potts, Bur-
lii gton. Kans.
Testimony like this should convince
the most skeptical the Pyramid Pile
Cure not only curei, but cures t"
cured. It Is in the form of asu
I tory can be a PP lie< * in tne P«"* v !
' the horn* directly to the parts affected
and does Its work quickly and pain-
Druggists generally sell this famous
remedy for fifty cents a package and
i sufferers are urged to buy a packagr-
• now and give It n trial to-night
Iccpt no substitute.
\ little book describing the faugps
and cure of piles is published by the
Pyramid Drug Company, Marsha 1 .
i Mich., and same will be sent tri* to
• any address for the asking.FOUR ACCUSED SENATORS WANTED SECRET MEETINGS
BUNKERS,WRIGHT, FRENCH AND EMMONS
WOULD INVESTIGATE IN PRIVATE,
Voted to Exclude Both Press and Public
Startfing Testimony Gven Before Board of Inquiry 6y the Men Who Served
With Alleged Bribers en Committee to Probe Loan Company
SACRAMENTO. Peb. €.— After the
examination of the character witnesses
had been completed to-«iight the inves
tigating committee created some sur
prise by caliln* In President of the
Senate Anderson and Senators Cog
gins. Bauer and Rambo. the remaining
and untarnished members of the Com
mittee on Commissions and Retrench
ment. President Anderson denied that
any of the accused Senators, except
Wright, requested appointment on this
committee, and said that no- one bad
influenced him to appoint the commit
tee. The three Senators 'named caused
a sensation by testifying to the meth
ods of French Wright. Bunkers and
Emmons in the committee. They said
they were aware of a great deal that
•was groing on in that body and that
they attended but few meetings.
The four accused men were always
present when any of the other members
*ere there. The solid four prevented
the door* being opened while the inves
tigations were on. so it was testified.
Kmmon? had expressed himself as de
sirous that the doors should be open .
•whenever a crooked concern was being j
Investigated. It was obvious, though,
that the character of the institutions
Investigated could only be decided after
the testimony had been taken.
Attorney Cator announced that he
•would put the four accused Senators
on the stand to-morrow night, and
hoped to close his case in about two
hours at that time. The committee ex
pressed a desire to have William Cor
bln before it again to-morrow night.
A remarkable state of affairs was
presented to-night whtn tho Sefense
eought to discredit the testimony of
Detectives Tichenor and Hartling. a
ffcw-of the witnesses being actually
lorced into the confession that they
bad r*>*-n parties to a ■booting; scrape
<n section 26. near Bakersfield. and
that Tichenor had traced them down
end caused their arrest for participat
ing in the crime. A large majority of
the witnesses for the defense had noth
ing more to say against these men.
If ON s| \\i).
It was then announced that Senator
EL J. Welch of San Francisco wished to
make a statement. Senator Welch in
iormed the committee that he desired
to call to its atetntion an untrue state
ment in a San Francisco paper, to the
effect that he had been seen with Mar
tin Kelly and one or two of the ac
cused Senators on X street a few min
utes prior to the time it is alleged Em
nions was paid by Jordan.
He said he met Joseph EL Jordan
and Senator Emmons on X street, near
Tenth, ajid they hailed him and asked
where he was gtflng. He said he was
going to dinner at a club of which he
is a member, the club being located at
1103 Eighth street. Jordan asked Sen
ator Emmons if he did not want to
take a look through the club, and Em
mons assenting they walked up X
street to Eighth, turned down and en
tered th<" club. Emmons and Jordan
looked around a few minutes and then
Welch escorted them to the door and
they i-ft. walking toward X street.
Welch then enjoyed his supper and
thought no more of the Incident until
it was testified by the detectives that
after leaving the club Jordan and
French walked to X street, turned
down and when they had passed tlie
corner about forty feet they stopped
snd Jordan handed Emmons a roll of
greenbacks.
Senafr Welch said he had no apology
to make for his meeting with these
men, as it was only an incident that
occurs numberless*- times each day in
the life of every, busy man.
JORDAN l» I\« t SKI>.
At the request of Attorney c T.
Jon*>s sf ■acrassesto Jo* ph Jordan
x< used as a witness until to-mor
row nipht.
H. P. Dooer was the first witness in
troduced by the defense to Impeach
the character of the witnesses that
have entered for the prosecution. Dooer
declared that he would not believe
Henry Hartling, the detective employed
by the prosecution, under oath.
Charles P. Fox <.f Bakersfield also
: : ling a bad character. R L.
Brundage. Assessor of Bakersfield,
vsid that hp would not believe Hart
ling under oath.
Attorney McNab f<»r the prosecution
brought out thr fact iha| the three
■ -ses had onl- known Hartling
detective for Haggin & Tevis in
the Bakersfield fi^amu land cases.
It was further brought out that
Hartling had posed as a settler when
■ r developed that he was a detec
tive for the land owners.
F. H. Fogarty, a business man of
Bakersfield, was next called to the
>iand. He gave Hartling and George
M. Tichenor bad reputations for truth
and veracity. He said he had heard
that Hartling: had posed as a swamp
land settler when, according to the
witness, he was a "spy.' Fogarty
said he based his opinion on public
sentiment.
Another witness who gave Detective
Hartling a bad reputation was Myron
Holmes, -who has been a resident of
•sfiel^ for the last fourteen years.
Attorney McNab brought out the fact
'hat all Holmes had known of H;irt
\lng was based on the Bakersfleld
mamp land cases.
J. W. Jcun^soT;. a manufacturer of
hapi. sprang a sensation when
Emitted he had known Detective
nor. but that the latter had
:ound him to be a man who had
•^hot at two men during trouble over
• oil claim.
I. Dunlap, a railroad conductor
f Bakersfield. said Tichenor"s repu
tatfoa was "very bad." The witness
admitted that he had participated in
booting during the oil land trou-
Me. The fact was brought forth that
mooting was done v in April, 1901.
Dunlap h*d heard that Tichenor had
been a Pullman conductor and that he
had been discharged by the railroad.
Dunlap admitted that he had been
placed under bonds after the shooting
during the oil land trouble.
Hartling and Tichenor were also
civen a bad reputation by Policeman
M Tibbetts of Bakersfleld.
McNab again connected Hartling and
Tichenor as detectives in the swamp
land and oil cases.
"The general opinion imong the offi
cers of Bakersfleld," stated Tibbetts,
was that they would swear to any
Special Dispatch to The Call.
kind of evidence." The witness also
accused Hartling of killing cattle on
disputed land.
John F. Dooley, a miner who had
been one of the Bakersfleld swamp set
tlers, and, James A. Bernard of Kern
were witnesses who also testified
against the detectives-employed by the
prosecution.
At this Juncture Senator Simpson of
the Senatorial committee of Inquiry
moved that the number of character
witnesses <>n each side be limited to
twenty persons.
The defetise objected on the ground
that three nights had been occupied by
the prosecution in putting in their
case. It was further stated by the at
torneys for the accused Senators that
outside of the character witnesses the
only persons who would be put on the
stand would be the accused men them
selves. The defense also made the plea
that they had already subpenaed wit
nesses who had come from a great
distance.
Senator Simpson advised that the
number of character witnesses be lim
ited to twenty-five persons.
NUMBER I.JMITED.
The number of witnesses on impeach
ment was finally fixed at twenty-five.
J. W. Briscoe of Bakersfield was then
withdrawn and C W. Cross of San
Francisco was w called. He said he had
resided in San FYaneiPeo seventeen
y^ars and before that time ten years in
Nevada Cttjr. He had known Detective
Hartling for twenty-two years. "In
Sierra County Hartling"s reputation
lor swearing falsely was as bad as a
man's could be," declared thr witness.
In answer to MoNab's questioning
rops declared that he never had a
controversy with Hartling. The wit
ness admitted that he had been attor
ney in a case at a time when Hartling
was the official Constable. He stated
that the case had_ gone against him and
that people had said: "Why did you
not buy Hartling for $10 to testify for
you?"
Further than that, said the witness.
Hurtling had come to his office with
propositions which compelled him
(Cross) to think him a bad character.
< "larence Gray, a San Francisco at
torney, save Hartling a bad reputa
tion. The witness once had the detec
tive arrested for slapping his Cace.
.1. S. Daly, a former sea captain of
San Fn:n<isco, who claimed a flight
acquaintance with Hartling, also gave
him a bad reputation.
Attorney McNab made a futile effort
to show that the witness had held a
conference irttn Senator French and
Joseph Jordan.
<OM>KTOR TALKS.
At this point the prof=»»cution brought
out an admission from the defense that
Witness Ciray had been tried but ac
quitted on a charge of manslaughter.
<". 0. Xi< hoi. a railway conductor,
gave Detective Tk&enor a bad reputa
tion. He admitted, though, that he had
once been accused of stealing and had
left one company for another.
"The trouble was that Tichnor stole
Jr Bt and charged it to me." said
Nichol. Th«» witness offered affidavits
to support hi? statements.
attorney CSator .statfd that as the de
fpnsp had but ten more character wit
place 'in the stand, the de
wranted until to-morrow nigrht to
■elect them from the number that had
been subpe'uied.
A motion to adjourn had been made
and the crowd was dispersing, when
< 'hail mat. Belshaw rapped for order
and attorneys and spectators took their
s^ats apain. President Anderson of the
Senate was called t<> the chair.
"Htre you any statement to make?"
asked Chairman Belshaw.
"I have." said Anderson, "but F pre
fer that you question me and I will
answer."'
Belshav, then read the rlau.gr in Cnr
affidavft in which it was statpd
that th" Examiner secured the ap
j'ointment of th< committee and asked
him if it was true.
KKADS AFFII>.\\ IT.
"Txt me see the affidavit," said An
derson, and he looked over % the para
graph himself.
"This committee was created by the
Committee on Rules. The committees
of th<* Senate this time are the same as
previously, only two new ones, those
of Revenue and Taxation and Public
Buildings and Grounds, being added.
No man ever asked me to place any
body on this Committee on Commis
sions and Retrenchment.
I pave no promise to any Senator
prior to the coming to Sacramento to
make committee appointments. The
first day I asked them to write their
preferences for committee assignents
on slips of paper. Many did and then
1 u.«^d my judgment, considering the
length of service, political affiliations
and occupations."
"Did any Senator request that you
put him on this committee?" asked Bel
shaw.
"I had just one such request," was the
reply, "it was from Senator Wright.
He wrote eight requests, drew a line
under them and added three more,
county government, irrigation and last
of all commissions and retrenchment.
That was the only written or reauest
of any kind that I had."
In answer to questions by McNab An
derson said that this is not a very de
sirable committee.
"There was nothing about this com
mittee that indicated the power it af
terward assumed." asked McNab.
"I understood," was the reply, "that
they were to consider what commis
sions were to be abolished and what to
be consolidated."
"On motion of Senator French addi
tional power was given, was it not?"
asked McXab.
SECRET MEETINGS.
On January 10 it was reported that
the committee had some work it wished
to prosecute. This was not designated,
but further power of eubpena and in
vestigation was given."
Continuing, Anderson said that it
was a problem to give all the Senators
an average of assignments. He did not
have enough for some of them and put
them on this committee.
"Without you being conscious of it,"
asked McNab, "and with various con- 1
versationg passing to and fro, would It
not be possible for certain people with
ulterior designs to get Bone the least
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1905.
Important Senators on the least Impor
tant committee?"
"I don't think I was influenced in any
way," said Anderson. "There is al
ways danger that Senators will kick.
I got no kick from any one of the four
on this committee, but from one of the
other three."
"The accused four never objected,
then?"
"No," was the reply.
When asked by Nicol when he first
learned that this committee was trying
to investigate corporations, Anderson
said, "I didn't know much about it un
til you came walking down the center
aisle with yovir petition."
"Had it become a subject of discus
sion that this committee was meeting
secretly in a remote place?"
"I hadn't heard it."
"Do you know of any other commit
tee so' meeting?"
"No, sir."
Nicol then said that personally every
member of the counsel representing the
affiant. Corbin, thoroughly acquitted
Anderson of any design In appointing
the committee.
Senator Coggins, one of the three un
tarnished members of the Committee
on Commissions and Retrenchment,
was called as a witness by the investi
gating committee.
"I did not attend the first meeting or
two." he said. "'I was not present when
it decided to investigate building and
loan societies. The first meeting I was
present at the doors were closed. The
reason given was the committee did
not want the names of the people du
in? a legitimate business to be made
public. No parties were demanding a
hearing when this rule was made."
The witness said that Emmons seem
ed to be in favor of opening, the doors
when get-rich-quick parties were being
investigated. *
WAXTKD DOORS CIjOSED.
' Did Senators Bunkers, French and
Wright want closed doors?" was asked.
"I don't remember about Bunkers"
was the reply, "but French and Wright
wanted t*^m closed."
"1 was rot aware what the powers
of the committee were." said the wit
ness. "1 should not have undertaken
to include the duties assumed by it in
the committee. I objected to summon:
ing people indiscriminately."
"Didn't you, Bauer and Rambo unite
in protest?" asked Nicol.
\Y • did," was the rejily.
As an instance of how much any of
the members but the four men accused
knew of what was going on in the com
mittee, Nicol brought out the state
ment from Coggins "that two young
men were before the committee but
never gave the name of the business
they were conducting."
Coggins said further that probably
Senator French mentioned investigat
ing the Continental. He was not pres
ent when they decided to subpena Cor
bin. He was never there when anybody
was subpenaed. he said.
"I never saw Jordan around the com
mittee," continued <'oggins. "I think
there was some talk at one meeting
about who would be snbpenaed, may
be about the Continental. I never saw
any written complrint against any in
stitution or anybody."
The witness admitted that the com
YOSEMITE BILL
IS UP AGAIN
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.— The op
ponents of the Yosemite and Mariposa
big tree grove recession biU, headed by
Ralston, took a new move in the pro
r-fedings to-day and Introduced a pro
posed constitutional amendment that if
carried will take recession out of the
hands of the Legislature and give thf
voters of the State opportunity to ex
press their views on the question at
the polls. The purpose of the proposed
amendment is to add a new section
to tbe constitution authorizing the Leg
islature to re-cede to the Federal Gov
ernment the tracts named, it being held
that the vote on this measure will be
an expression of public opinion on the
question the Legislature should have
before proceeding further.
There was a spirited debate this
afternoon over Prescott's joint resolu
tion requesting the Senators and Rep
resentatives of California -at Washing
ton to use. their influence to have the
question of the joint admission to
statehood of Arizona and New Mexico
submitted to the people of the two
Territories that they may determine by
ballot whether they desire to merge
their identity and become one State.
Senator Shortridge spoke at length in
favor of the resolution, saying that in
his opinion the people of these great
sections should be permitted to decide
this issue themselves. He was of the
opinion that Arizona should be ad
mitted alone.
Senator Wolfe presented a resolution
to-day he believes will have the effect
of delaying, at least till the next ses
sion of the Legislature, the considera
tion of the school fund apportionment
bill which is so strongly opposed by
San Francisco. Wolfe's resolution calls
upon State Superintendent of Schools
Kirk to inform the Senate on the fol
lowing Questions:
What was the total attendance of the gram
mar and primary schools of the State and in
the several counties for the year 1903-4?
What sum would be required. In addition to
that now expended, to Increase the school term
all over the State to a minimum of eljht
months? To nine months?
What additional money would be required
to increase the salaries of grammar and pri
mary school teachers of the State to th« mini
mum respectively of $520. $560, $585 and $630
per year?
It is not believed that Kirk can
gather this information during the
present session and this will jrive Wolfe
and others that are fighting the resolu
tion an opportunity to argue that the
bill has been framed without due con
sideration and that pending the fullest
investigation no statute should be en
acted amendatory of the present law.
mittee, in deciding to investigate the
Continental, took its cue from the Ex
aminer.
BAUER A WITNESS.
Charles Vaughn, the stenographer
who is reporting the case of the ac
rused Senators, was the clerk of the
committee under fire, and he was or
dered to bring what notes he might
have •of the proceedings to-morrow
night.
Senator Bauer was the next witness.
He seemed anxious to give all the light
he could, and it was evident that he
was much chagrined at having been
connected with the committee.'
"I was unfamiliar with the early ac
tions of the committee," he said. "I
did not attend the meetings. There
was a full meeting when ;t was an
nounced that Corbin would be present,
but he did not come. There were two
press representatives present then,
and I made a motion that
all the press be admitted.
Wright proposed a substitute that
it be admitted to this particular
meeting. I said any honest concern
should not be afraid to show Itself In
the open. Enumms made the point
against me that if the concern under
investigation was good we should not
uo it any harm, but that if it was bad
it should be exposed. I attended only
three meetings. I got my first idea of
what was doinff when I saw in the Ex
aminer that the Realty Syndicate was
to be subpenaed."
T T nder Simmons' plans there would
have been closed doors all the time,
though Bauer did not state this point,
because it would be held that it could
not be determined whether a concern
was good <>r bad until after all the tes
timony had been taken.
BUNKERS KEEPS QI7IET.
Continuing about his attempt to
have open meetings of the committee,
Senator Bauer said that Bunkers was
chairman and said nothing during the
discussion. Bauer knew nothing about
who was to be investigated or why or
how. French. Bauer said, declared
that he (Bauer) was trying to clock
the proceedings of the committee. He
talked with Coggins and they decided
that the best thing to do was to hold
open meetings all the time so that the
press and the public would know what
was going on.
"How did the members vote on this
proposition?" asked Nicol.
"It never came to a. vote," said Bauer.
"Sometimes one can see tvhen one is
beaten."
"You saw you were beaten by these
four?"
"You bet. I did." answered Bauer.
"Were these four accused members
present at every meeting you attend
ed?"
"They were."
Senator Rambo, the third of the
minority members of the committee,
said he only attended two meetings
and was always in favor of open doors.
"I couldn't see why the Bardwell-
Ford Syndicate investigation should be
held with closed doors," he said, "be
cause the concern is a fraud on its
face. I know one of the men connected
with it and he couldn't be anything
that is straight."
When Senator Rambo left the stand
it was announced that an adjournment
would be taken until 3 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon.
____^_ ADVEKTIS^£??ZS^^---^-^~-
pll '|p I Suits to Order, $10 to $35
"- ' jfillsMi^. LLL L "^ ii I '{W§ Also aew Words About Our
"'.\-»H9a *e^%< J Advertising and Merchandise
j^l^^^^E^^^BSi^SlPi^l^R^ ' All we aim to do is to state absolute facts and
*° $35.00;' and for ' your selection have all the
J|HFjil& patterns and weaves identified with the season.
"JKiii^ select at $I0 ' $13 * 50 ' $15 ' $20 ' or u P ward ~ [t
JM IS /**«•*-** .Money back if you want it. Repairing, sponging
f~ - Orders r* XlXAAflfin r Cf\ CaUdogae
Suits satisfactorily made to order . O7V\f UUU I%J If you reside out of San Fran-
■y. ;,■.-'•:■; ■'■■:■■:■ :--:j.^'- •.-■; ■':■■--.•<-■>■■■ r-.^j^: ■.'•■-■';,:..'■■. > "^ / ■ ~ ■*' ' "~" ' ' *'7 ' V-r - . cisco write for samples, setf-meas-
i for out-of-town customers through ?40 Market StreeMnd uring blank coj>y of ur nm
| our self-meaning system. - powe|l ■, t^gfo j^ y^tgp S Catalogu l - j
PAY IS SAVED
NY TWO VOTES
Eesoliition Docking; Assem-
blymen Who Stayed Away
From Sessions Is Defeated
WILL WORK AT NIGHT
Legislators to Labor Over
time in Order to Clear
' Files of the Many Bills
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 6.— At this
afternoon's session of the Assembly
McCartney Introduced a resolution ask
ing that, as the charge had been made
that the Assembly was far behind in
its work and had been negligent in the
performance of the public trust im
posed upon it the Committee on Rules
and Regulations be instructed to Inves
tigate and report at the next legislative
day whether the work was behind as
compared with that of the Senate and
former sessions of the House and if
found to be so how far behind.
The resolution was adopted. It is
stated by some members that the lower
house is three weeks behind in com
parison with the Senate and former
sessions.
There were thirty-seven members of
the Assembly present when the lower
house was called to order at 9:30 this
morning. A call of the house resulted
in the rounding up of five more mem
bers by the sergeant at arms' assist
ants. The delinquents were called to
the desk and made to give whatever
explanations they had.
The forty-two being a quorum Drew
of Fresno, one of those who is in favor
of getting through as near the sixty
day limit as possible, introduced a reso
lution that the salaries of those who
had remained away without excuse be
withheld f«r the time they were absent.
The absentees came within two votes
of losing three days' pay, the resolution
being beaten by a vote of 22 to 20.
Drew announced that he would bring
the resolution up again to-morrow
morning and try to force its passage.
LINCOLN'S MEMORY.
Goodrich introduced a joint resolu
tion that both houses devote the hour
from 11 to 12 next Saturday morning to
Abraham Lincoln memorial services.
Treadwcll's hill, under which those
citizens of San Francisco who paid
without protest their proportion of the
special tax levied for new schoolhouses
and a new hospital, which tax was
afterward declared illegal, may recover
their money, was passed.
Dorsey's child labor bill was passed
without a dissenting vote. It prohibits
the employment of minors under cer
tain ages and certain illiterate minors.
The bill has passed the Senate, having
been introduced there by Wolfe, and is
now ready to go to the Governor.
Without a dissenting voice being
raised the nine amendments to the
charter of the city of Los Angeles, in
cluding the famous one limiting fran
chises to 21 years, were adopted by the
Assembly.
VACATIONS FOR FIREMEN.
T*he arguments for and against the
one limiting franchises have produced
a great deal of commotion in Los An
geles. Charges have been freely made
there that efforts are being made to,
kill it in tho interests of corporations.
Another side of the case is represented
in the statement that its adaption
would work an injury to the pepple, as
it would prevent the building of new
electric roads and tend to strengthen
the monopoly of those existing.
The fight against this particular
amendment will be made in the Sen
ate, to which the erftire nine now go
fcr adoption. The other eight, it is
held, will go down with it if the one
limiting franchises is defeated.
McCartney's bill providing a vacation
WOULD PROTECT THE CIVIL SERVICE
SYSTEM BY AMENDING CONSTITUTION
Three Important Measures to Preserve
the Merit Pfan Are Introduced.
GUARD RIGHTS OF EMPLOYES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. «.— Three pro
posed amendments to the constitution,
two of interest alone to San Francisco,
the other to the entire Sate, wer» in
troduced this afternoon by Senator
Belshaw at the Instance of the Com
monwealth Club of California, of which
H. Weinstock of Sacramento is the
president
One of the proposed amendments pro
vides for a liberal State civil service.
A second would amend the constitution
so as to remove the danger of sum
mary dismissal under which all civil
service men in San Francisco, includ
ing the members of the police and flre
departments, now rest. The constitu
tion gays that where no term Is ex
pressed employes ahall hold office at
pleasure, and that in no event shall the
term exceed four years unless other
wise provided by the constitution. It
Is to prevent the invalidation of char
ter amendments and subsequent re
moval of employes that this proposed
amendment is designed.
The third amendment puts the so
called county offices in the same cate
gory as the city offices, and extends the
civil service to the County Clerk's of
fice, the Sheriff's office and the As
sessor's office.
The constitutional amendment ere*
ating a State civil service was passed
by the Assembly two years ago, but
was defeated in the Senate.
THREE AMENDMENTS.
The proposed amendments are as fol
lows:
Se. . 8>;. Whenever a city and county gov
ernment has been merged and consolidated Into
one municipal government, it shall bo compe
tent In any charter framed under section 8 of
article 11 of this constitution to provide for the
uuaiitications of such city and county officers,
and of their deputies, assistants and employes,
and for tiie manner in which they shall be
appointed and removed, and any such provision
contained In any charter heretofore framed and
adopted under said section shall be valid.
Sec. 21. Whenever a city charter heretofore
or hereafter adopted provides for the methods
Ly which officials and employes shall be ap
pointed and removed, and wnenever the L#gl
islature provides by statute heretofore or here
after enacted the methods by which the ap
pointive officials and employes oi the State
shall be appointed or removed, such method
shall he followed by the officials who are given
the power of appointment or removals by said
charter or statutes; and their acts shall not
be subject to review by any other tribunal than
those named by such charters or statutes, but
shall be final as to all questions of appoint
ment or removals, whether of jurisdiction or
otherwise.
Bad 1. Appointments to the civil service
of th«> State of California, and promotions and
trnnsfer*. therein, shall be made for merit and
funfss. whkh ahall, so far as practicable, be
determined by open, public and competitive
examinations. Such examinations shall be
practical in their character, and so far as may
of four days each month for all firemen
was passed.
When the time for the afternoon ad
journment arrived Atkinson of San
Francisco moved that a night session
be held. This motion was carried, but
not enough appeared to-night to carry
on business. It has been the contention
of those who want Saturday adjourn
ments that the loss of time would be
more than made up for by night ses
sions and that the clerks need Satur
day to check up their work.
A petition against the adoption of the
proposed amendment to the charter of
the city of Los Angeles, limiting the
life of franchises to twenty-one years,
was presented to the Senate to-day. It
is signed by a large number of promi
nent business men and firms of that
city.
be shall rtlat* to tfeose matters wMoh win
fairly test the relative capacity and fltn*w of
the persons examined to discharge the <!utlo«
of that service Into which they seek to be as
pointed.
Sec. Z Laborers shall b» subject only to
physical examination and, their appointment
•hall t>* mode according; to priority of appli
cation.
LIST OF EMPLOYES.
' Sec. 3. The clerks, deputies and employes of
tha following offices departments and Institu
tions of the State shall be (ovtrned by till*
article: The Secretary ,of State, except chief
deputy; the State Controller, except chief dep
uty, and the Attorney General, except depu
ties and assistants; the Surveyor Qeneral. ex
cept cht«f deputy: the Cleric of the Supreme
Court, except chief deputy; tne Superintendent
of Publto Instruction, except chief deputy: the
State Printing Office, except general foreman:
the State Library, except State Librarian: the
State Capitol Commissioners, the Debris-Com
missioners, th? Commissioners of Public Works;
the State Mining Bureau, except State Miner
alogist: the Department of Highways; Board
of State Harbor Commissioners, except attor
ney, architect and chief engineer; Horn» tor
the Feebl» Mlndel, except superintendent, pby
"ician and treasurer; State hospitals tor the In
sane, except superintendent*, physicians ani
treasurer: State Board of Prison directors, ex
cept one ward-n m each prison ; Whtttier 9tat«
School, except superintendent and teachers.
Preston School of Industry, except superintend
ent and teachers, and institutions', offices and
departments hereafter created, except heads eC
Institutions and one confidential deputy tn each.
Sec. 4. The Governor . shall appoint four
Civil Service Commissioners, of whom not
more than two shall belong to the same politi
cal party, who shall prepare soitabl* rules
and regulations for the purpose of carrying
out the purposes or this article and such rule*
and regulations shall be followed by ta*> offi
cers and departments of the government when
approved by the Governor. The term ot ClvK
Service Commissioners shall be eight years,
but the first four . commissioners appointed
ihall so classify themselves by lot that one
term shal! expire at the end or two year*, ontt
at the end of four years, one at the end of nix
years and one at the end of eight years. The
Governor may remove any commissioner for
faniw after a hearlnx at which the commis
sioner may present evidence tn his own behalf.
The Civil Service CnmitiiMi or.vrs shall receiva
a salary of not less than $2«o© a year each.
FILING OF CHARGES.
Sec. 5. Heads of departments . and . institu
tions may summarily remove persona employ
ed under them and such removal shall not b"»
subject to review by any court or tribunal, but
on demand of th» person removed such head
of department or Institution must state .in
writing the reason or reasons for removal. and
a copy of such statement must be d»llv»re.l
to the person removed and another copy must
be filed with the Civil Service Commission:
provided, that such reason or reasons must
relate to the character of th* person removed,
to his conduct or to his competency to p-r
form the duties of his position. Persons hold
in? appointments under the Stats of California
at the time of the adoption of thl* article
shall not be required to pass examinations in
order to continue In their employment, but no
salary or compensation shall ,be paid to any
person hereafter appointed to the civil service
of the State of CaltfornU in contravention of
the crovislons nf this article. •
Sec. t5. Nothing in this constitution or in
any statute shall be construed to terminate by
mere laose of time the term of office or em
ployment of any person in " th« civil servte<»
of the State/ or of any * political subdivision
thereof, provided such person has entered tha
service by lawful appointment after competi
tive examination. •
Sec. , 7. .■ This article shall be self-executing,
the Legislature may enact laws not Incon
sistent therewith for the government and regu
lation of the civil service of the State.
FFRE ON W. S. TKVIS* RANCH
DESTROYS VALUABLE HORSES
BAKERPFIELD. Feb. 6. — The main
barn, thirteen head of very valuable
horses* and an Immense quantity of
hay and grain belonging to the Stock
dale ranch, owned by W. S. Tevis.
were burned this morning. The heat
was terrific and those who trted to
rescue the horses were driven back
Two other buildings, including a,
carriage shed, containing valuable ve
hicles and another ahed containing
livestock were threatened, but the
fire fighters succeeded in keeping the
flames away.
34
WEBER JURY VISITS THE SCENE
OF DREADFUL TRAGEDY.
ACCUSED LAD VIEWS RUINS Or HIS HOM£
rOR TIRST TIME SINCE ARREST.
Quails and Covers Eyes With Handkerchief
GUARDIAN OF ADOL.PH WEBER. WHOSE TRIAL. ON THE CHARGE OF MURDERING HIS MOTHER MARY WEBER, BE
GAN AT AUBURN YESTERDAY BEFORE JUDGE PREWETT OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, AND ONE OF THE AT
TORNEYS IN THE FAMOUS CASE.
+ . '■ : : — — — — - — +
Bpartal Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, Feb. 6.— The trial of
Adolph Weber, accused of the murder
of his mother, Mary Weber, began this
morntng. The' 'feature of the day was a
visit to the ruins of the Weber home.
Judge Prewett, the jury and the attor
neys on both sides and the prisoner
viewed 'the scene of the awful tragedy.
AdoJpb Weber's composure during the
trip was most remarkable. As "*.<=■ en
tered the grounds where once had stood
the pretty Weber home he raised his
handkerchief to his eyes ar ■ kept it
there for several seconds. As the silent
visitors passed to the front of the
Weber house where the terribie tragedy
had been enacted, Adolph turned his
back upon the ruins of his old home
and leaned against the basement walL
He was yery pale. During the visit
Weber's eyes * never for an instant
■~«urt 8t al! times on objects fftr
away. ■
. Court convened this morning at- 9 '
o'clock. Judge Prewett had the Jury
sworn in and gave the Jurors the cus
tomary advice to abstain from intoxi
cants while the case ie pending. ' Attor
ney General U. S. Weob made the
opening statement for the prosecution.-
He gave a full account to the Jury of
the terrible tragedy of .November 10.
He said In part:
\'Juryrnen, you will understand that
the evidence offered before you will be
entirely of a circumstantial nature. We j
will bring before you a. number of sep- i
arate facts, which will mate a chain
of evidence on which yam will, .base *
your verdict. On the evening that this
horrible affair took place Julius Weber,
. the father. May Weber, the wife, Ber- j
tha Weber, the daughter and little !
Earl, the youngeyt . son, were -all alive
. BCOTTS ESfULSION.
IT ALWAYS HELPS
An ailment like oonsninp"
tion that has been months
aad years getting a foothold
cannot be relieved in a week
or day. Scott's Emulsion
will always afford relief ai>d
often cure, bat not over night.
The consistent use of Scott's
Emulsion will positively help
the consumptive at any
stage of tbe disease. We
guarantee nothing beyond-
this, bat we know that right
living and Scott's Emulsion
have done more to cure con-
sumption than anything else.
and well at 6 o'clock and at 8 o'clock
they were dead.
POINTS TO DEFEXDAXT.
"Now we ehall chow you that Mary '
Weber. the mother, wu murdered by
her first born, her ena, who Kits there
before you, and we Ehall also chow you
that at the Bame time the other mem- I
bers of the family also were killed- We
Fhall produce before y*ou evidence
Ehovi-lngr that death came to them'
through a 22-caliber revolver. We shall
show you that the defendant immedi
ately after he had commjtted this.ter
rible crime rushed into <he American
Hotel and was ir. the act of washing
his hands when he suddenly discovered
that* there was another. occupant in the
room. He rushed out without shutting
oft* the water and drying- his hands. --.
"We" shall also show you his entire
course after he left the -hotel until he
came tb the scene of the fire. We shall
show you 'how he stood in front of his
burning home and saw the burning
bodies of his mother and sister carried
out; saw his little brother,. Earl, still
alive, rescued from the flames —
without offering a helping hand, or in
the slightest degree showing any inter
est in them.* We' will show you how he
stood there during the midst of this
terrible excitement— when the bodies
were laid upon the ground, when wom
en were fainting and tears were in the
eyes of every man who saw the ghastly
spectacle, calm as if he was witnessing
a play which he Jiad often seen played
I before. He calmly looked upon 'the
! body of his mother whose sightless eyes
I were turned toward heaven, but never
I for an instant did he proffer any as
| sistance. ' ;: - • , - - ... , '
"The property of ■ the ' Webers is
| worth $50,000 or more, and the defend
| ant sitting here is the sole survivor,
and as such the sole inheritor of the
; Weber wealth.' j , j -
"We will show you that the defend
: ant on the night of that tragedy, when
he ieft his home, took an entirely dif
• ferent course to reach town' from the
: course which he outlined when he gave
his testimony before the Coroner's
Jury."
Attorney General Webb closed his
statement to the jury by announcing
that he had other evidence to intro
duce in the course of the trial.
DIMAXU OF JOHNSON.
Attorney Grove L. Johnson, for the
defense, asked the court to compel the
ution to give the facts withheld
and which they intended to use later,
in order that the defense may be in a
position to meet them. The Judge,
however, overruled the request of the
defense.
The first witness called was L. F.
Warner, County Surveyor, who testi
fied mainly to the blue print maps that
had been distributed to the Jury at the
opening of the case. Three of these
blue prints showed the Weber home,
the Weber barn where the pistol was
found and the general location of the
hill on which the property was situ
ated. The fourth map shows the town
of Auburn and the hill over which
Adolph Weber walked on the night* of
the tragedy. This ended the morning
.on.
< The afternoon session began at 1:30.*
Warner, when again called ~'£, to the
stand, ' produced a . phqtographi of * the
.Weber baxa. Attorney Johnson took
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1905.
exception to the admission as evidence
of tn f : picture and suggested that the
court visit the baA. Judge Prewett at
once acted uhon this suggestion and
ordered the jury, the attorneys con
•l, the prisoner. Sheriff- Coroner
and Court Stenographer Adams to at
PBpeeed to the scene of the trag
edy. Following the advice of the
rourt, it was decided to go over the
exact route which Adolph'Weber swore
before the Coroner's Jury he had taken
on the night of the murder.
Shortly before 3 o'clock, headed by
Judge I'rewett himself, the party left
the courthouse. Immediately behind
the Judge came the twelve jurors.
With them was Attorney Fred P. Tut
tle, who described the different places
along the route. Behind the jurors
came the other attorneys interested.
Adolph Weber, in the custody of Un
der Sheriff William I. May. Sheriff
Keena and Coroner Shepard came next
walking side by Bide. In the wake of
the Dffieers and prisoner were promi
nent men of the town and many others.
SOLEMN PROCESSION.
As the solemn procession passed out
of the courthouse down the hill to Main
street, where they went to view Co
hen's store! crowds of people rushed to
v.indows and sidewalks to see' what
was going on. The news spread like
wildfire that Adolph was in the streets
of the city once more, and from all
points people came to take a iook at
him. He was the cynosure of all eyes.
Business in the town was temporarily
suspended as the procession passed
quietly on its way through the ttvn.
Leaving the main portion of the town
the party slowly passed up Brewery
lane", past the. brewery and then up to
the ruins of the Weber home. They
were led by Attorney Tuttle about the
ruins. He pointed out to them the dif
ferent points where the bodies 'of the
Weber family were found.
The scene was a solemn one. Stand
ing back and away from the visiting
party were the sisters and nieces of the
murdered woman. They were dressed
in deep black and stood with heads
bowed.
The day w-as still and calm and only
the voice of Attorney Tuttle, who was
explaining the situation, broke the si
lence. After viewing the ruins the
court passed slowly and silently down
the hill and over the grassy sward to
the Weber barn, where the bloody pis
tol was found and where the $ssoo in
gold was also, discovered. From there
they proceeded to the Henney house,
and then across to College lane and
back to the courthouse. They had cov
ered the exact route that Adolph Weber
stated he had run over on the night of
the tragedy.
DOCTOR AS WTTXESS.
N It was 4:30 ; o'clock % when a the court
house" \fras j again reached. John Davis,
the builder of : the Weber ] house, was
then called ito ; the . stand ito ' give t testl- :
mony regarding the construction the ;
house. He i was examined I first by Gen
eral .Webb and' then 1 cross-examined by
Attorney Johnson. ; !>^ / r•;*:'^■;^^ : .<i'^ ■; ■■'
■■', Dr. R. F. Rooney, made ',' the • au
topsy upon the bodies, r next called.
He ; gave J a :% description lof ,H the bullet
wounds on ; the bodies of Julius, Mary
and Bertha Weber and of the wound
on little Earl's head. He also - pro
duced diagrams showing tbe course of
HADES A PLACE
OF MONUMENTS
Thus Asserts Unitarian Pas
tor in Quaint Discourse
to His New Jersey Flock
PAVEMENT YARN FALSE
Satan's Tribnte to Aban
doned Good Intentions Em
blazoned on Large Columns
Boeclai Diroatch to The Call.
ELIZABETH, N. J., Feb. 6.—The
Unitarian congregation of All Koulh
Church last evening listened U> M
quaint discourse by* its paator, lu-.v.
Arthur H. Grant, on 'Oj)jreamland, or a :
visit to Hell. " Mr. Grant said:
"I was met qn my arrival by an old '
man with keen, bright eyes, who acted
as my guide and told me later he 1 wan
Satan.' The place contained many
monuments dedicated to men and wo
men of this earth. One monument
was of a woman and a child, with fig
ures emblematic of law and Justice.
This was dedicated to a lawyer called
William Cady, who started to devote
his life to the care of the poor and
the oppressed and to accord them Jus
; tice. On the reverse side of the jjionu
' ment an inscription said: 'He found
; that the corporations paid better than
the widows and orphans, so he became
an oppressor of the poor.'
'An imposing monument waa like a
mausoleum with four figures, three of
which were Industry, Justice and L*>ve.
The name on it was James Fenwick.
My friend said he was one of the
greatest reformers. He had thought
it ail out and was going to devote his
1 life to humanity and show the better
way to live; industry waa to take the
place of war, justice replace injustice
and love be the crown of life. This
man, however, spent his life sitting on
a barrel in a crossroads store, whit
tling, and was buried in a pauper's
grave.
"There was no monument to Wash
ington or Lincoln, but a particularly
fine lot dedicated to politicians. The
Inscriptions were nearly all alike — "I
am going to serve my country,' and on
reverse, I think it better to have my
country serve me."
"In the poets' corner, I saw a beau
tiful ideal of Lord Byron.
"I began to see what people meant
when they say: Hell is paved with
good intentions.' My friend said: 'I j
don't know anything about pavements, ■
but these are monuments to good in- •
tentions and this is Hell. They call me
Satan; of old they called the ac- !
cuser. I keep these monuments well
kept and the grass green; it is the best
kept cemetery in the universe. Each
man, according to his ideals, stands
out great and strong, and he can see
his monument to what he might have ;
been.'
"I didn't ask if tliere was a monu- j
ment to me; I wanted to get away.
Sttan was not what I expected to find;
he was simply one who stands out
against man and in the court of the
Most High pleads against men for their
higher accomplishments."
LIEUTKNANT DKSKRTS
FROM FOKT LEAVEVWORTU
William H. lPTummrr Disappears While
Serving S«"ntHrrf as Result of
Court- Martial.
. L.EAVENWORTH, Kans., , Feb. —
' Lieutenant William H. Plummer,
1 Sixth' Infantry, has disappeared from i
Fcrt Leaven-worth and*4s looked T upon 'j
as a deserter from the service. ;v Be- !
fore leaving he disposed of some of j
his property. '' i
- Lieutenant Plummer was recently
court-martialed and sentenced to re
main on the reservation for six
months. Last summer he disappeared
from his quarters and was found at a
farmer's home at Hiawatha. ■'■■- He was \
I court-martialed and it was • this sen- •
- tence he was serving.; ; : ' !
!' Lieutenant Plummer's home is in j
Rhode Island. He was an actor be-
I fore the Spanish-American war. Dur- ,
! ing the war he served in a Massachu- j
I setts infantry regiment. '. ,
■•♦ ■ — .
The Dolmctsche-i to Give Shakespear
ean Music.
Many lovers of Shakespeare who al
j most know his plays by heart have never
heard a note of the original music. The>
will have the opportunity this week, for
Arnold Dolmttsch and his talented as
sistants. Mrs. Mabel Dolmetsch and Miss»
Kathleen Salmon, will giv* three extra
concerts at Lyric Hall, two of which will
be entirely devoted to the songs, tunes
and dances used in the original Shake
spearean productions. On Wednesday
night the first concert will be given en
tirely Shakespearean, and this pro
gramme will be repeated at a matinee
Friday at half-past three, this hour hav
ing been selected so that the pupils and
, teachers of the schools may attend.
Thursday night a concert will be given
of Italian ar.d German masterpieces ot
the olden times. The plays from which
the music has been selected for the
Shakespearean concerts are 'Othello.
•Twelfth Night." -As You Like It. "Two
Gentlemen of Verona." "The
Wives of Windsor." "Alls Well That
Knds Well." 'The Tempest" and ' Romeo
and Juliet" Seats are now on sale at
Sherman, Clay & Co.s. and special rates
will be made to schools for the Friday
matinee.
COURT DECISION DOOMS
FOUR MEN TO DEATH
Colorado's Capital Punishment Law
Is Declared to Be Con
stitutional.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 6. — The Su
: preme Court of Colorado decided to
day that the capital punishment law
was constitutional. Four murderers,
whose execution has been postponed
from time to time awaiting this deci
sion, will now be hanged. Murder was
punishable with hanging in this State
from 1871 to 1897. In the latter year
the capital punishment law was re
pealed, but two years later it was re
enacted.
Held on Murder Charge.
BEDFORD, Ind., Feb. . 6. — Justice
McLaughlin to-day rendered his de
cision in the preliminary hearing of
Frank Evans and Elmer Browning,
charged with the murder of Miss Sa
rah Schaefer. Evans was released
and Browning was held to the Grand
Jury, which will meet on February 20.
the bullets that entered Mary Weber's
body. His testimony, however, was in
terrupted by the hour for adjournment.
At 9 o'clock to-morrow morning Dr.
Rooney will again go on the stand.
At both sessions of the court big
crowds were in attendance. At the
morning session Mrs. Snowden, Mrs.
Charles Hess and Charles Meyer, sisters
and brother of the murdered woman,
and Miss Bertha Hess and Miss Doro
thy Hoyt, nieces of the deceased, were
in attendance. The two Bisters sobbed
convulsively whenever the name of
their murdered sister waa mentioned.
ARREST PARTNER
OF ALICE DUKE
Chicago Police Act Upon
Instructions From Officials
in the Lone Star State
SWINDLING IS ALLEGED
Lake City Man Announces
That He Will Eesist At
tempt to Extradite Him
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— Charles F. Tay
lor, business partner of Mrs. Alice
Webb Duke, was arrested at his office
here to-day, charged with being a fu
gitive from Justice. He is alleged to
have been implicated in a swindle at
Nacogdoches, Texas, involving $3000.
Taylor says he will make a fight
against extradition.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— When Mrs.
Erodie L. Duke was arraigned in the
Police Court to-day for her adjourned
examination it developed that the
Texas authorities had not, as had been
reported, given up their intention of
obtaining her extradition to that State.
Just before court opened District At
torney Jerome received the following
message :
STATE CAPITOL, AUSTIN, Tex.. Feb. «.
1900. — Application for a . requisition for Alice
Webb, wanted in Nacogdoches County, . Texas,
for swindling, has be«n received by me and re
turned to th« officers of Nacogdoches' County
for correction. ' Will |be forwarded as soon aa
papers are made out properly. ■
<Slgne<J) S. W. T. LA.VHAM, Governor.
Counsel for Mrs. Duke tried to obtain
her release on parole, but the represen
tative of the District Attorney would
not agree. After hearing the argument
on that point Magistrate Poole said:
There is something queer about this whole
case. It looks as tf the Texaa authorities
have been trifling with the District Attorney's
office here. It is fifteen days since Mrs. Duke
was arrested and we have heard nothing ;
definite from them.
The magistrate granted an adjourn
ment until to-morrow and Mrs. Duke
was returned to the Tombs. When she
was being conducted back to the prison
she collapsed in a faint in the corridor
outside the courtroom and was carried
across the "bridge of sighs" to her cell.
MEN IN SHOPS
COMPLIMENTED
Divine Sees Intelligence
in Faces of All Railroad
Employes at Sacramento
Socialistic tendencies as found among
the working classes and the^tondition
of the less fortunate of the land were
some of the problems considered by the
Rev. H. C. Morrison, the noted Ken
tucky minister and evangelist, before
1 a large body of Methodist preachers at
their weekly meeting yesterday. The
speaker considered the subject with
great earnestness and laid particular
stress upon what he called the neces
sity for the church to come into close
touch with the "unchurched-"
He described the men he had found
in the railroad shops at Sacramento,
eaying that he had not encountered a
weak, stupid or uninteresting face
among them. Every man, he said,
looked serious and fntelligent, many
having heads and faces that would be
a credit to United States Senators. By
way of parenthesis, he hoped that their
morals were better than some United
States Senators'. He said that the
great mass of worklngmen think seri
ously, and need only stalwart, con
scientious men to direct them rightly.
When they saw millionaires planning
to corner meat, and on the other hand
saw a starving woman singing a lul
laby to a baby and unable to buy a
steak for their own sustenance to en
able her to nourish the infant, they felt
the necessity of doing something to
counteract such evils. The greed of
men having more money than they
pould count and still eager to make
more was sure to make the strong,
burly will of the masses rise in rebel
lion.
Mr. Morrison felt that the clergy
should preach in the shops and get in
touch with the masses, but not neces
sarily to abuse the classes. To reach
the masses they should resort to th«>
newspapers, to pamphlets, advertising
and even brass bands. There are men,
he said, of Socialistic tendencies who
are drifting toward anarchy, but if
reached their influence could be turned
to the building up of society.
Among the practical needs of to-day
was the regulation of transportation
companies. Men, women and children,
he said, were suffering for fruit. There
were children who never had a whole
orange, while oranges were left to rot
on the ground In California because of
the exorbitant railway tolls.
Dr. W. C. Pond spoke before the Con
gregational Ministers' Association yes
terday on % 'Work Among the Chinese
and Japanese in California. "
The Rev. A. C. Austin addressed the
Baptist Ministers' Association on "The
Pastor's Duty and Authority in Church
Government."
The Rev. W. J. Fisher addressed the
Presbyterian Ministers' Association In
favor of "Union Between the Presby- '•
terlan Church and the Cumberland
Presbyterian Church."
Dr. Walter M. White of the Christian
Church Ministers' Association opened
a discussion of Lyman Abbott.
Bishop Nichols spoke to a large meet
ing of the Women's Auxiliary at Grace
Church in the afternoon.
GENERAL MOORE WTLL,
LEAVE FOR MONTEREY TO-DAY
Department Commander and His Aid
Will Hold Annual Inspection
of Troops There.
To-day General FVancls Moore, ac
companied by his aid, Lieutenant
Creed F. Cox, will leave for Monte
rey for the annual inspection of the
garrison there. The Fifteenth Infan
try is stationed at Monterey and prep
arations have been made by them for
inspection by the department com
mander.
Lieutenant W. H. Raymond arrived
yesterday from Vancouver Barracks
with a detail conveying a batch of
prisoners to Alcatraz Island. Lieu
tenant Raymond is staying at the Oc
cidental Hotel.
Leave of absence for one month is
granted to Lieutenant Colonel George
H. Torney, deputy surgeon general,
Army General Hospital, Presidio, and
to Major Edward T. Brown, artillery
corps. Presidio.
I: After Yon ■> Have : Used All Others ,
Try liWlie Sterilised Salt and ace the difference.
Free •'* running 7 for ' table. * : : Velvet grain • for
kitchen. %Mo typhoid, . - No ; contamination, ' •
A DV KK'HSKMESTgB.
As Pacific Coast distributors of the famous
"Block" light, we take this occasion to
announce to the public that we have sold to
Pragers Department Store the exclusive
right for the sale of the "Block" light in
San Francisco. This store, or its authorized
canvassers, are the only ones having the
privilege to sell the "Block" light: We know
the value of the "Block" lights and unhesi-
tatingly guarantee them if purchased at Pragers.
If bought elsewhere we warn the public
that there may be doubt as to the genuineness
of the light. ::::::
American Import Company
Distributors Block Light for Pacific Coast
111 Battery Street
DELMAS OPENS
DRAMATICALLY
Attorney for Proponents in
Yoell Will Contest Be
gins in Startling Manner
An artistic and effective bit of melo
drama, introduced by Attorney D. M.
Delmas, enlivened the Yoell case yes
terday. When the contestants rested
their case in the morning Delmas rose
and gave an eloquent sketch of J. Alex
ander Yoell's career.
At the close of the peroration he sud
denly said: "I will call as a witness
the leader in the assault on his father's
character."
Turning to where John H. Toell sat,
Delmas pointed to him and said, "Take
the stand, Mr. Yoell."
"Very dramatic," remarked Yoell
quickly.
Delmas caught the attention of the
gathering in Judge Kerrigan's court
and held it till the last dramatic sen
tence was spoken.
Sensational charges were hinted at in
the attorney's speech. Mr. Delmas said:
The task before me is a painful one, but I
could not evade a trust reposed in me by the
• I ji. We intend to show no bitternebs or
resentment, but we shall proceed without fear.
It some of the blows aimed at the man who
did so much for his children recoil upon his
assailants theirs is the blame, not mine.
The whisper that a sensation was to
be sprung by the proponents in the
afterno-on drew crowds to the court
room. The testimony was not of such
a startling kind as was expected. Ru
mor says the heaviest bolt of the prose
cution is held back for to-day.
Evidence intended to show that the
pioneer's resentment against his son,
J<-hn H. Yoell, had some foundation,
was introduced. Letters from a young
er son, William Yoell, assailing the
elder brother's character, were read.
This letter from this member of the
family declared that bis sisters were
told and proud and that "Johnnie,"
his brother, was the cause of all the
family trouble. The letter runs:
I am sorry that you are so unhappy and
that your children are cold and proud when
they come to see you. 1 can't understand
who it was that brought the girl* up that
way. Whenever any little boy came to play
with me my mother w>uld aak who his peo
ple were or If they had money. It was the
same way with my sinters. They wert alwaya
cold and proud to me. I never had a sister's
love or advice.
When I was home. If I knew these things.
1 would have acted differently. I treated both
you and my mother badly. I wa* only a
headstrong boy.
In another letter William Yoell writes
ot his brother Herbert, saying:
Herbert is here. I do not want my wife
to meet htm. I do not think him flt to meet
her. He waa living with a woman here. He
has treated me shamefully and wrote a letter
to mamma with a lot of lies about me. Be
cause I owed him a little money he went to
my employer and tried to get my salary. He
let me eat at his house once and charged me
for the meals. Nice, brotherly conduct,
wasn't it?
Johnnie is at the bottom of all your troubles.
Mamma ought to have learned that he was
her evil genius. I believe thaCyou have acted
nobly and that you are not as black as you
are painted. Though you suffer from the
wrongs and sins of your children, remember
you have one son who loves you.
A shaft leveled at John Yoell in one
of the letters caused a titter of amuse
ment. It was an attack on higher edu
cation. "At college, boys are taught to
smoke and drink." declares William. "I
never knew a college man who amount
ed to anything."
Delmas brought out the fact that the
Yoell children had all received good
educations. John H. Yoell was on the
stand most of the day, and at times
displayed evidence of a ruffled temper.
The introduction of William Yoeirs let
ters was strenuously objected to by
the contestants.
The case will be resumed at 10:30 to
day.
BLOOD FLOWS DURING NOON HOUR.—
Fred Maurer. a yoath who lives at «39V» Jes
sie street and is employed by the Hioka-Ju.M
Company. 23 First street, during a luncheon
hour quarrel yesterday with his fellow em
ployes, attacked Martin O1O 1 Keef* also a
youngster, with a Jackknife. inflicting serious
wounds. In the subsequent struggle to retain
the knife. Maurer slashed his own wrist. All
th« injuries were treated at the Harbor Hos
pital. Maurer's hurt was alight, but on« of
the wounds that Maurer inflicted severed the
lendona of O"Keefes left hand and may cripple
the victim lor lif«. O'Keete live* at M)o
Buen* Vista avenue, AUuaeda,
ADYERTI>kMfcNTS.
$k Developing
SgM and Printing
m^-T-> PRICES
¥1 MH&kjF' Try my work If
I * la th ' J> Une and I'
ft yoa"H co-Kiirae to !■
• ** Bi y patrcn. |
f My price* are ■
■ reaionabla and I fill orders promptly. I
I DEVELOFDTO: I
■ Roll of »tx lO«?|Ron of 12.....15e I
PRINTING: I ' I
|| Ec!!o finish. 3c to Sc; Velox finish, I
I DAYLIGHT LOADrNO 7IL3CS. tn I
■ all popular si*e» at popular prices. I
ANSCO CAMERAS are hi?h class. ■
I Prices from 93.00 up. |
3 CTKO Developing Paper, pxiats fear I
■ artificial light. ■ "I
. | Cameras repaired at moderate prlees. J
I THAT MAN PITTS I
I F. W. PITTS, Th« Stationer. I
1003 MARKET ST., Opp. Fifth, S. F. 1
DISEASES OF MEN
Omr modern ap-to-date method*
for the certain and speedy cur* of prrrat*
diseaaen. Strictnre, Rapture, Pro*-
tatic Troable. Piles, IlluoU Poinon
\enon* Debility and Cuatraotoj
Dlsordem haa won for v* thosaaads of
testimonials from ' patient* • who haT*
t>e«n cured.
Varlcoeele, w* treat by ear improTed
medical vibratory method, where ethers as*
the knife. Oar Improved French Cones
never fall to produce a healthy and apeedv
core In tha treatment of the Injured
l'rimati". \\ «• i**ae a bond a* a
arnarantee to curs all cases we undertake.
Any man suffering; from Wrakirm and
who Is Undeveloped can obtain from us
(free by mall) ur 10 days' special treat-
ment and Illustrated chart descrlbta* the
cause and effect of Lost Vitality. v
Consultation. aad advice free.
All correspondence strictly prl-
v»te and confidential.
TSe DR. TALCOTT CO.
' 1140 MARKET ST.
Opp.* Hale'n. San Franelnco. Cal.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
T®ofh Powder
Cleanses and beautifies th»
teeth and purifies the breath.
Used by people of refill— nt
for over a quarter of a uMsTMT
Very convenient for tMMNk
PREPARED BY
CARTEFiSi cc 1 "^** "■"""■'
iTTLE fisWßi Vh« %m
|IVER fm^mm^ywm
■ pills. _0- —
smsmsssTm *ft>* "** ■* ' *^ *^^
/-patents; j
BBBVBBBnnwSBBBJBBJBJBBJBJBJBSSEBy«4Km
PATENTS. J
XS/33Q market sr.sf.NBS^-SOCIETY DOES NOT
ATTRACT COUNTESS
American Wife of Tankerville
Prefers Life in Country. '
AMERICAN PEERESS WHO. BY REASON Ot HER RKAITY ANI« iTHRJI
LD PLAT AN IMPORTANT PART IN THE SOCIETY <"'F LONDON BUT
■WO PUIIM THE LIFE OF THE COL'NTKY
IfDON, Feb. 6. — One of the most
;ful and accomplished of the
-«*ses in England. Lady
■ te. might easily be a reigning
<-,f May-fair if she oared to
DOA.N'6 PILLS.
io mm he!
San Francisco InflorsemeEt Is
WlatCoitsWiiKan
Francisco Pile.
You cant fool the public all the
time.
They will find you out at last.
y time a man Is fooled
ther skeptic is made.
■c remedy that makes the
:ic
Because it fails to keep its prom-
Doan's Kidney Pil's bring re-
reward.
They cure the skeptic.
— I of thi^ at borne.
Francisco proof for San
people.
Here's a case of it:
\i. Bent. woodworker in the
lanufacturing Co.. residence
jb Turk street, say^: "I had pain in
■>ack for over three months. It
was not the kind that comes from
vork. but wa<- deeper seated,
and from the indications I knew
kidneys were not perform-
ing their functions ■ropefjy. It
-truck me if Doan's Kidney~ Pills
v.ere for the kidneys and the kidneys
- they might at least help, and
1 took a course of the treatment
can put me down as an emphatic in-
d^rser of the claims made for Doan's
Kidney Pil!«."
For sa> by all dealers. Price 50c.
rMilburn Co., Buffalo. X. V. t
r the Cnhed States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no other.
TARTAR IS A TARTAR
Soft, spongy, sensitive gums result from
tartar accumulmtior.. It should be removed
at once by your dentist ar.d thereafter pre-
vented by the use of
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
and its complement. SOZODONT Liquid.
The Powder is slightly abrasive, is abso-
lutely free from frit and acid, and is Just
:ng for those who have an Inclination
for the niceties of every-day life.
S FORM*' T - T 'XJID. POWDER. PASTE.
An Invaluable aid to
Speakers and Singers,
devote herself to the frivolities of so
cietjr. But born in the far West — she
v.as formerly Miss Leonora Van Mar
ter of Tiic-oina— country life still pos
e far more attractions for her
than London drawing-rooms. In this
respect the Earl of Tankerville shares
her tastes aid is seldom seen at society
functions. It was while he was ranch
hiK somewhere we«t of th^ Rockies,
before he came into his title, that he
v nne-d an d won his beautiful bride.
They were married in lSitT. and now
have four children— two sons and two
daughters. The eldest, little Lord Os
.sulpton. inherits his mother's beauty
and is probably the handsomest child
in the British peerage.
The Bar] of Tankervflle owns about
31,590 a< re?, most of his estate being
In Northumberland. The historic an
cestral honr . Chillingham Castle, fa
mous among other things for its herd
of wild cattle, has been let for some
years to Sir Andrew Noble, the mil-
Ire vice chairman of the Arm
strong Ordnance Company.
At one time the estate owned a
ghost, known as tho "radiant boy."
time ago. however, during the
execution of extensive repairs, the
hones of a child were discovered ■rail
ed up in one of the bedrooms. They
were given Christian burial in the
churchyard and since then, accord
ing to the story, the ghost has been
seen no more about the castle. The
Karl and his family now make their
home at another of his seats—* pret
ty placp n^ar < 'ornhill-on-T\veed.
WARSHIP'S BAND
WILL PLAY FOR
HOTEL GUESTS
HOTEL DEL CORONA DO. F^b. 6 —
During the time that the flagship <'hi
<ago of the Pacific squadron is in the
harbor of San Diego Admiral Good
rich's band will entertain the hotel
guests. The musicians surprised the
dancers Saturday night and at yester
day's concert, adding not a little to the
charm of the occasion.
John MtN.iujrht, manager of the San
Fran<is«- Call, is among the late ar
rivals at the hotel. Among others whu
came from the northern metropolis are:
Samuel Mrs. E. E. Ellis.
John A \Valls and wife. F. A. Kenny,
A. L. Young and Mr. and fcfrs, B. Mr-
Corqundale.
Among the recent arivals are the fol-
I <"•••• ing:
*Jr. and Mr«. Graham June*, ''hicago Mr.
and Mrs. Fuller. Chicago: Mr*. Francis head.
OshkosV.Wis.: Mr* G. A. Morrison. Tacoma;
K. F. Dnri/rk. Lo«-An?:ie(; F. M. Jemper.
Honolulu: G. \Y Perkin?. Ixib Angeles: A. I.
•rv«int. l»g AngHea, I. s Carpenter, -• U. , R!i B
Chicago; l. R. Strmt, ir. s S. ChiCEBo:,Mn«.
°™ rl Holton. Toledo; William Godfrey and
wit' 1 . J-a-: Diego; C R. Kvann and wli>. Fort
Collins. C 01,,: Mr. and Mrs. J. I. Uppy Mr.
and '!<• T. .-v I.ippy. Seattle; Mr. and ' Mr*.
Ow-n X H.nr.*n. New York; Mm.vL.O.
I-cmtry. Boston; O. H. Hale ar..l wife, Ivjs
Angr)**; <■. F. H..t<hkiM. Mrs. C. F. Hotch
kiss. Los Angelrs; Mr». R. F. Larance, Cin
cinnati; Mm. C. D. Vlele. Loi Anselea; \V. H.
Harlow and wife. • Chicago.
CAVEIX OF A DITCH CAUSES
THE DEATH OF A LABORER
PL.ACERVILLE, Feb. 5. — While at
work in a ditch at the plant of the
American River Electric Company
Saturday night Charles Melchoir was
killed. The storm of Saturday night
loosened the dirt above one of the
hanks of the ditch and a cavein re
sulted. Melchoir's skull was crushed
by a large rock and his brother-in-law,
Charles Mr-Kellar, who was working
in the ditch with him, was badly
bruised.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7. 1905
MINERS' STRIKE
MAY SOON END
Some Have Already Resumed
Work and a Vote Will Be
Taken Thursday in Essen
PROPOSED LAW FAVORED
Government Plans by a New
Statute to Bring About
Better Conditions for Men
ESSEN. Feb. 6.— The committee of I
1 seven to-day addressed a telegram to ,
] the Mine Owners' Association, politely [
asking an interview for a discussion of ■
i the five points in the operatives' de
mands which the committee believed
I would lead to a resumption of work.
The association replied with equal po
liteness, declining to receive the com
mittee, alleging that it did not repre
sent the operatives, since it was un
able to control their actions. The as- |
sociation was willing only to discuss :
reasonable complaints after work was ,
resumed.
After getting this reply, Johann Ef
fert,chairman of the committeeof seven,
telegraphed to Chancellor yon Bulow,
informing him of the fruitless corre- ;
spondence with the association, mak
ing certain moderate demands for the
operatives, and stating that the work I
would perhaps be commenced imme- '
diately if conferences were commenced.
The Chancellor answered that if work |
were resumed he would receive repre- (
sentatives of the operatives and em
ployers for further negotiations.
The committee decided that it was
unable to advise the miners to resume,
but would leave the matter to the con- '
ference of delegates of the whole mm- '
ing district, which w ill meet on Thurs- '
day.
BERLIN, Feb. 6.— Two or three
thousand coal miners who struck in the ;
Silesian district returned to work to- '■
day, believing that the Government's
bill now in preparation will readjust
their relations with their employers.
The Governments proposed law limits
the working day to :.ine hours in gal
teriea where the temperature is about i
70 degrees Fahrenheit, including the
time going in and coming out of the
mines. In temperatures of 84 degrees
Fahrenheit and higher only a six-hour
day is permitted. Within two or three
years the nine-hour day is to be short
eaed to eight and one-half hours. :
About nine-tenths of the miners of
Germany come within these provisions.
Overtime will be paid for at the high
est rate.
Workmen's committees shall be rec- ■
ognized by mine owners as represent
ing the men. Making the present con
dition of the miners worse in any par- '
ticular than it is now is forbidden
("HAHLEROI, Belgium. Feb. 6.— As ;
a result of the decision 'of the miners' |
congress yesterday to declare a gen
eral strike to begin to-day, work' was
completely suspended this morning at
eight collieries and there was a partial
strike at thirteen others. Work is pro- '
ceeding as usual at twelve collieries.
OFFICIALS FORCED TO MARCH.
Oipturcd by Strikers and Cilveii a
IMnce In Parade.
BERLIN. Feb. 6.-The Lokal An
zeigers correspondent at Kattowitz
telegraphs: 4
"A state of siege h,as been declared at
Sosnovicc, General Jedczynski taking
command. The superintendent of police
has been dismissed from office. Gath
erings of as many as three persons on
the streets are forbidden. The military
are using their arms at the slightest
disobedience of orders. The tearing
down of placards announcing the state
of siege is punished with ten days' im
prisonment. Serious collisions are ex
pected. The strikers have abundant
supplies of dynamite and hand bombs.
The exodus of Germans by rail is very
heavy. Germans arriving at Sosnovice
are advised by the authorities to re
main at the railway station for safety.
"The procession of strikers at Sosno
vice. estimated at SO.OOO persons, con
tained a number of German mining of
ficials, whom the strikers had acptured
and compelled to march in their ranks.
The Russian industrial district along
the frontier is suffering great financial
losses through the strike. It is esti
mated that $5,000,000 of German capital
is employed at Sosnovice."
The Tageblatt's Kattow ttz corre
spondent reports that 1500 soldiers have
marched into Sosnovice under two gen
erals and that important events are
impending.
The Vossische Zeitung's correspond
ent at Kattowitz says:
"Three agitators were arrested at
Sosnovice on Saturday for distributing
revolutionary appeals to the soldiers.
One of the men arrested is a German.
Thousands of leaflets were seized in
their rooms."
Under date of February S the Vos
sische Zeitung's correspondent at Czest
chowa sends the following:
"The military are taking sharp meas
ures against the populace. Many sol
diers and police have already been
killed. Some high officers have been ar
rested for plotting against the' Gover
nment. The people are living in extreme
excitement and great fear. Many have
fled to foreign countries. There have
been a number of dynamite explosions
caused by the Socialists, but they have
failed to do much damage. Th% schools
have been closed."
FREDERICK LAWRENCE
BUYS A DAILY PAPER
Willinm !\ Lcac-h Succeeds Him as
Manager of Hearst'* Cliicago
American.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. — Frederick W.
Lawrence of Hearst's Chicago Ameri
can has bought the Peoria Daily News
of Peoria, 111., and will* assume charge
of the paper soon, severing his con
nection with the American. He will
remodel the plant and install new ma
chinery and other improvements.
Lawrence is well known in newspaper
circles, not only in Chicago, but in
San Francisco and New York. He has
been connected with the Hearst pa
pers for twenty years.
William P. Leach, formerly of the
San Francisco Chronicle, has become
manager of the Hearst papers in Chi
cago.
HAWAIIAN POSTMASTER
STEALS OVER $27,000
HONOLULU. Feb. 6. — Manuel Rego,
postmaster of Koloa. Island of Kauai,
was arrested to-day charged with the
embezzlement of $27,077 of money or
der funds. He was brought before
United States Commissioner Judd and
committed for trial to the April term
ot the Federal Court. To Postofflce
Inspector Hare, Regt> admitted that he
had taken the money and used it in
his private business enterprises.
All ailments arising from a disordered
stomach, torpid liver and constipated
bowels are quickly cured by using Lash's
Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
BALTIC FLEET TO PUSH
ON TO THE FAR EAST.
WILL NOT AWAIT REINFORCEMENTS
Departure of the Third Squadron
Postponed Until the End of May
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 6.— The
dockyard authorities at Kronstadt are
completing the preparations for active
service of the battleship Alexander 11,
the cruisers Pamyat Azova and Ad
miral Komiloff and the gunboat Groz
jastchy, which, with the new battle
ship Slava, will form the second di
vision of the third Russian Pacifip
squadron. These reinforcements are
expected to sail at the end of May.
The Admiralty confirms the press
statement that the first division of this
squadron will leave Libau in the middle
of February, but it is pointed out that
Admiral Rojestvensky will be unable
to await its arrival, because he will
have to cross the Indian Ocean before
the monsoon season, which begins in
March and renders navigation impos
sible for torpedo-boats, small cruisers
and coast defense vessels. Admiral
Rojestvensky will proceed to the Far
East at the end of February.
Military operations in Manchuria are
at a standstill. No importance is at
tached by the War Office to the Jap
anese movements on the Russian cen
ter and left, which are regarded as
merely demonstrations.
General Heiesman. a war critic, ex
presses the opinion that the Russians
are not likely to surrender the positions
captured northeast of Sandepas and
that a series of encounters there will
continue until the weather is favorable
for a general advance.
RUSSIAN ARMY HEADQUART
ERS. HUAN MOUNTAIN. Sunday.
Feb. 5. — The weekly reports from the
sanitary department of infectious dis
eases is interesting as showing the good
health of the Manchurian army. These
reports show for the week of January
21: Dysentery, 156 cases; typhus of all
kinds, 2 cases; influenza. 12? cases; re
mittent fever, 35 cases; Siberian plague,
44 cases; pink eye, 51 cases; diarrhoea.
205 cases; smallpox, 4 cases; measles, 1
case.
Regarding typhus only four cases de
veloped among soldiers at the front, the
remainder being among troops that
have just arrived.
Careful sanitary measures are en
forced in all sections of the army. All
the troops are supplied with warm
quilts and clothing and a large per
centage have felt boots.
The Japanese have lately shown
feverish activity in the construction of
new trenches, redoubts and abatis,
t-bpecially past of the center, indicating
that they fear another Russian ad
vance.
All is quiet along the front except for
occasional sentry shots and cannonad
ing directed against Japanese working
parties.
♦
GRIPENBERG DISOBEYS ORDERS.
Sacrifice uf Thousands of Men the
< ;>use of Ills Recall.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 6— The
press is authorized to announce that
not the slightest information has been
received at the War Office regarding
the alleged illness or resignation of
General Kuropatkin. On the contrary,
the War Offices information indicates
no change whatever in the headquar
ters- staff in Mam-hurta. an., that the
departure of General Gripenberg for
St. Petersburg is due to illness.
The version of the departure of Gen
eral Gripenberg now given in the best
informed official circles is that the gen
eral left the front because he exceeded j
General Kuropatkin's orders in push- j
ing beyond Sandenas and needlessly ■,
sacrificed thousands of men. This led j
Kuropatkin to demand Gripenberg's re- I
call.
Telegraphing under date of February i
3 General Kuropatkin reports as fol- j
lows:
"A Russian detachment marched to
Santaitso. twelve miles southwest of
Sibonbay. The Japanese at Santaitse
and Saodameng were repulsed. The
Russian losses were insignificant.
"The Japanese assumed the offensive j
along the line to Chuanchuantse to- j
day. Several of their batteries ad
vanced, but the Russian artillery re
pulsed them."
DIPLOMATS IX A FLUKRY.
Disturbed by I)iirniur« Xight Call at
the White House.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6. — Because
Sir Mortimer Durand. the British Em- |
bassador. in response to an invitation :
from the President, accompanied !
Spring-Rice, the first secretary of the j
British embassy at St. Petersburg, to '
the White House last night for an i
Informal chat, the diplomatic corps j
was ago? to-day over the supposed !
significance of the conference.
An eanly caller at the State Depart
ment to-diiy was Takahira. the Jap- i
anese Minister, who spent some time !
with Secretary Hay. The hesitancy
with which the Minister replied to the ;
question us to whether peace pro- |
posals were in the air contributed to 1
the suspicions already afloat that this j
Government was contemplating a step j
toward int?rvention. Later in the day j
came Count Cassinl, the Russian Em- j
bassador. The Embassador received 1
the most positive and categorical as- j
surances that this Government was I
not exchanging any ideas with any \
Government regarding the ending of I
the war and that the conference at
the White House was without political
significance.
TELEGRAPH KEPT BUSY.
Russian Government Uses Siberian
Line for Eight Hours.
LONDON. Feb. 7. — Much specula- j
tion has been caused here by the fact !
that the Russian Government on Mod- j
day assumed control of the Siberian
telegraph lines from 8 o'clock in the !
morning until 4 o'clock in the after- i
noon. It is said to be the first occasion !
on which telegraph communication
has been stopped since the war began. ,
Various possible causes are discussed, '
such as the strike movement on the Si- !
bcrian railway and important corre
pendence with General Kuropatkin.
Little attention is paid to rumors of
peace mediation, but the Chronicle's !
St. Petersburg correspondent sends !
the statement (which, however, is not j
confirmed in other dispatches) that '
tho recent conferences of the Grand i
Ducal party to consider the far East- '
em prospects arrived at an agreement !
as to the desirability of ending the I
war and that the rumor of General i
Kuropatkin's resignation was started J
to facilitate negotiations for peace.
MAY LEARN FROM JAPANESE.
Dr. Seaman Argues for Improvement
in Medical Corps.
WASHINGTON, Feb. «.— Dr. L. L.
Seaman was heard to-day by the
House Committee on Military Affairs
on a project to increase the efficiency
of the medical department of the
army. Dr. Seaman has recently re
turned from an observation tour with
the Japanese army and his compari
son of sanitation and medical methods
between the Japanese and American
armies was embodied in these words:
"They go us a million times better
in sanitation and military supplies."
He said that but 1 per cent of sick
ness is fatal with the Japanese army,
while .0 per cent of the sickness in
the American army during the Span
ish war was fatal.
WAR A BOON TO KOREA.
Increased Trade Follows in Wake of
Japanese Army.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— The State
Department is in receipt of a report
on the commerce and industries of
Korea and the effect of the war on the
trade of that country by Gordon Pad
dock, the American Consul General at
Seoul. Korea. Paddock says that
owing to the large number of troops
to be fed and the large railway and
other undertakings being pushed for
ward in Korea there has been much
money distributed throughout the
country.
The Consul General says that on ac
count of the orderly manner in which
the campaign in Korea has been con
ducted the regular routine has been
disturbed very little.
Following the advance of the army
there has been an immense immigra
tion of Japanese, mostly laborers and
small merchants, and much of the
available land in the treaty ports
notably Fusan and Chemulpo and the
city of Seoul, has been bought by
Japanese. The Consul says American
interests in Korea to-day are Un
doubtedly greater than those of any
European nation.
STRENUOUSLY INTRENCHING.
TOKIO, Feb. 6.— Official announce
ment is made that everything is quiet
in the vicinity of Changtan, with the
exception that the Russians are strong
ly intrenching.
The Russian force which attacked
Chitaitzu on February 4 retired north
ward on February 5. In the afternoon
of February 4 and the morning of Feb
ruary 5 the Russian artillery west of
Tanshan shelled Machuantzu Mountain
and vicinity. Small bodies of Russian
infantry attacked, but were repulsed.
Before abandoning Songchin, in
Northeastern Korea, on January 24 the
Russians burned all their stores. It is
believed that the Russians intend to
abandon all operations in Northeastern
Korea.
Russian Loan Floated in Paris.
LONDON. Feb. 6. — It is stated in
well informed financial circles in Lon
don that negotiations have been com
pleted for floating a new Russian loan
of $200,000,000 in Paris. The loan
will bear interest at the rate of 5 per
cent per annum. The date of the is
sue has not yet been fixed.
COWBOY ROPES A CHINESE
AND DRAGS HIM ALONG
Pulls Him Behind His Cialloping
Horse Until Outsiders Take
«•». Hnnd.
FRESNO, Feb. 6.— Sam Walker, a
cow puncher, while on a spree at Ar
moua last night, started out to do the
town. The first person he met was
Gow Tuck, a Chinese vegetable man.
He lassoed the Chinese about the
waist and started down the street, ihis
Imrse at a gallon. The cries of the
Mongolian attracted the attention of
bystanders, who stopped the cowboy
and released his victim. Walker was
plat ed under arrest.
'\ .". ADVI^TISEMEyrS. _' __ r_ _ • * .
I Sweeping Reductions]
I FROM REGULAR PRICES I
I TO CLOSE OUT OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF B
KNABE PIANOS
■ Not Second-Hand Pianos I
■ NoL Shopworn Instruments I
I Not* Old Styles • I
I Absolutely New Pianos I
I The Very Newest and Latest Designs I
B This move is made; necessary because we have secured the agency for the re- I
H nowned Weber Piano, and do not wish to increase the number of makes in our stock — ■
B -something /more-han- a dozen different ones now — and the KNABE is the piano we have fl
fl'; decided to close out. ;;• V -^ ; >;.■ '-•-. •'.' ,': : _ .-..,._ -\ . % I
H We have delayed in publicly announcing this fact, but one big shipment of Weber ■
fl - pianos has already arrived and others are on the way. We have not the room to accommo- H
fl date these two big stocks andit'is therefore no longer a question of whether we want H
I' to make -this sacrifice or not. W^errave simply got to close out this entire KXABE piano H
stock. Not alone this, but we have got to close it out in the shortest possible timr There H
fl ;■ is but one way to do — offer a big cut from regular prices, and this is exactly what we H
H . are doing. . ' ,~ - - H
■ : - Regarding the merits of the Knabe piano itself, even a word from us Is not necessary. You are ac-
quainted with pianos. At least ■ you ; know i the standing of "the-Knabe. -It; may be. that you have been «*x-
; to buy a Knabe some time. While this time ; may be earlier than you expected to d>< so. believe us.
I ' 'twill pay i you. and pay; you^well, to, anticipate your wants and make the purchase now. Probably there will ,
H never again be offered you an opportunity to buy a Knabe piano at anything near the favorable prices we aro -
offering now. In any event, it's a duty t you owe yourself to at least see this stock and learn our prices. WM
H BAST TZBMB TO ITnTBODT. HSS H
■; > ' , . - If You Cannot Call, Write, for H
■ L.ist of Styles," Prices and Terms. ;*; * . • ■
I Kohler @» Chase Corner Post and I
I IVOnier C» VrHaSe Kearny Streets I
fl (Th« I*ry«t Music Xons* on th« Cout) H
DEBATE ENDED
ON STATEHOOD
Beveridge Makes the Closing
Argument for the Bill on
the Floor of the Senate
SPEAKS THREE HOURS
He Favors Tnion of Arizona
and New Mexico, and Okla
homa and Indian Territory
WASHINGTON, Feb. «. — The long
drawn out general debate on the bill
creating two States out of the Terri
tories of Oklahoma. Indian Territory,
New Mexico and Arizona was con
cluded to-day with a speech by Bev
eridge of Indiana, which consumed
the greater part of the day's session.
He reviewed the principal argruments
in opposition to the bin, giving special
attention to the proposition to unite
Arizona and New Mexico. He spoke
for almost three hours and closed amid
a cordial burst of applause from the
galleries.
Previous to Beverldge's speech For
aker spoke in support of his amend
ment to eliminate Arizona and New
Mexico from the proposition. The
only other important business of the
day wag the receipt of the House rep
lication to Judge Swayne's answer in
the impeachment trial.
Beveridge based his advocacy of
the statehood bill upon the theory
that Congress has absolute control of
the creation new States and in
elaborating he said the interests of the
nation as a whole were paramount to
the wishes of the people of the Terri
tories. He declared that the consti
tution gave Congress power to impose
any condition in such legislation and
quoted many precedents to show that
the tendency was toward large areaa
and extensive population in forming
new States which, he said, must be
the case in order to do justice to sis
ter States.
He contended that Arizona and New-
Mexico were similar in topography
and other circumstances and not nat
urally separated by a mountain range,
as had been aimed by some of the
opponents of the bill.
Beveridge contended that the cre
ation of Arizona Territory had not in
volved any contract to maintain the
boundary thus established and his ar
gument on this point caused an inter
ruption by Alger. who said that peo
ple who settled In Arizona had gone
there on a practical contract with the
national Government.
"If." he said. "The United States is
not going to keep its agreement, what
are v.-c here for?"
Beveridge replied that there was no
more reason why a perpetual pledge
should have been given to the people
of Arizona than to those of any other
Territory.
"No doubt." replied Alger. "the
Senator knows all that I know and
more, but I know that when I was in
Arizona I heard a number of men re
fer to the pledge in a way showing
perfect familiarity with it."
He added that he had become the
owner of considerable property in
Arizona, which he would sell in a
minute if the present bill should be
come a law.
The vote on the bill will take place
to-morrow.
A bill was passed adding to the
State of Arkansas a small strip of
land in Fort Smith, now in Indian
Territory.
Asked to Remain in Service.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6. — Secretary
Morton to-day directed a letter to
Paymaster General H. T. B. Harris,
chief of the bureau of supplies and
accounts, informing him that, al
though his statutory retirement will
occur on March 10 next, it is the Gov
ernment's wish that he remain at the
head of the bureau for at least a year
after that date, in recognition of his
excellent administration.
WAIT IN VAIN
FOR THEIR SON
Disappearance of Wealthy
Klondiker Brings Sorrow
to Aired Couple in Fresno
PLAN A GLAD REI'XIOX
Willanl Akin Has Not Been
Seen Since He Boarded Ves
sel Bound for San Francisco
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
FRESNO. Feb. «.-Wl!lard Akin, for
i many years a well-known man in this
city, has mysteriously disappeared.
[ More than a month ago he left Seattle
to return home, but from that time no
trace of his whereabouts has been dis
' covered. His parents, who are wealthy
! vineyardists of Oleander, have exhausi
1 ed every feasible means to learn some
thing of their absent son. but all to no
avail. The aged couple have not seen
their boy for many years, and while a
few weeks since they were exuberant
with Joy to find that he had decided to
return, now they are plunged in the
depth of gloom for fear that some dir«
misfortune haa befallen him. He wu
well supplied with money and far from
despondent when last seen.
Seven years ago Willard Akin bad*
his parents farewell and set out to
amass wealth in the gold fields of the
Klondike. At first he met with but Mt
tle success, hut subsequently fortune
smiled upon his efforts and he found 14
spot near Valdez where the sands ran
rich with gold. He could not leave his
mining interests in the hands of other*,
and his parents, who are both octo
genarians, did not feel able to endure
the tiresome trip to the frozen north.
He wrote regularly, however, to tell
the loved ones of h(3 adventures and
his progress.
In November he sent word that h
had finally found time to come back to
Fresno and that he would leave Alaska
as soon as possible. Late in December
he wrote from Seattle that he w
sail next day for San Francisco on th~
Queen and that he would con
Fresno on the day after his arrival in
the metropolis.
Not a word has since been heard
from him. The Akin* noted the arrival
of the Queen and prepared to welcome
the long-absent son." Day after day
passed, and when he failed to appear
they became alarmed. Urgent mes
sages requesting Information were sent
out broadcast.
It was learned from the steamship
officials that the missing man rm<l
boarded the vessel at Seattle, but
whether he ever descended the (ang
plank at San Francsico cannot be dis
covered. His anxiety to get home after
his long absence bars the theory of sui
cide. His parents are almost sure now
after their long and fruitless search
that he is either the victim of a fatal
accident or has met with foul play.
GUNPOWDER rYHND UNDER
A HOTEL IX RAYMOND
Explosive Discovered in the Midst of
a Box of Smoldering
.Excelsior.
FRESNO. Feb. 6. — The Grunnagle
Hotel at Raymond was saved from 'in
struction on Sunday night by am
chance. Under a corner of the h
a box of smoldering excelsior
found with :i quantity of gunpowder
concealed within. The fire was ex
tinguished before any damage
don*.
Louis Gojaux. a French sheepherd
er, came to the totel during the dny
and asked for rooms. They were re
fused him. He became angry and left
the place, swearing he would get even
before he went back to the woods to
work. That night George Hansen. the
night watchman at Raymond, on hi*
rounds noticed a peculiar odor
from burning oil. Under the corner
of the hotel he found the box con
ing excelsior and powder.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
OLNEY'S ULTIMATUM
FORCES TAYLOR OUT
DECLINES NOMINATION FOR
CITY TREASURER.
CAUSED BY BAXKING PUBLIC FUNDS
OAKLAND, Feb. 6— As a result of
an ultimatum, said to have been given
Treasurer Felton Taylor to-day by-
Mayor Olney, the former to-night for
mally announced that he had with
drawn his candidacy for re-election on
the Republican ticket. Taylor's eud
den action is supposed to be the out
come of a conference between the two
to-day, when, it Is understood, that
Mayor Olney informed Taylor that un
less he withdrew from the ticket he
would prefer charges against him of
having deposited the city's funds in
private banks instead of keeping them
in the city's vaults.
Laet week Mayor Olney publicly took
Taylor to task for what he termed a
flagrant violation of the charter in re
gard to the handling of the city's funds
and at to-days meeting between the
two it is said that the Mayor informed
Taylor that he was prepared to fully
press his charge.
When the City Council met to-night
argep were presented to that body.
The following statement issued by
Treasurer Taylor after midnight set
tler the question of what went on at
these conferences for it contains his
resignation from the Republican ticket;
"In view of the fact that the Mayor
insists that the special deposit of funds
ln the banks is a technical violation of
the charter I feel that it Is my duty
f»6 a Republican to decline the nomrna
tion for Treasurer tendered me by the
Republican convention, inasmuch as
my candidacy may be a detriment to
the ticket owing to the p"isiti<'n taken
>-- Mayor. Under these conditions
uld be a difficult political fight and
I feel it would be unfair to jeopardire
the other nominees on the ticket.
TWO CONVENTIONS
NAME CANDIDATES
Democrats Indorse Most of the
Republican Nominees.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6. — Two more
municipal conventions completed
iheir tickets to-night, the Democratic
and Union Labor parties, leaving only
the Municipal League to finish its
work io-morrow night. The Demo
crats named practically the entire Re
publican ti-'k^t. while the Bair forces
and the friends of George B. Ran
dolph got together in the I'nion Labor
convention, Bair getting the nomina
tion for Auditor and Randolph that
yor.
The Democratic convention was al
most pathetic in its fewness of dele
pates, there being hardly twenty-five
present. When W. B. White, chair
man of the Democratic City Central
Committee, called the convention to
order he spent mu< h of his lime try-
Ing to get the delegates down front
where they would not be so lonely.
The usual procedure was gone
through. T. C. Coogan being elected
«hairman and H. A. Luttroll secretary.
Committees were appointed* as fol
lows:
•• :■: • ■ itrick I <"< hen. J.
X Million. 6. Racharach. P. E. Dallon, Thomas
• •!id Dr. B. F. Stetson.
1 Gal-
A. T. MrDonough. J. Henneht-rry, '•
•r.an, D. J. Murphy and M. A. Mrlinis=.
\V Har:in;ri<n. A. Borland, J. J
■M. prth«Mann. Alex Hlrschberg. Ed
«a:<l Muldoon. M. J. Laymsnce.
-r routine reports of the corn
ea had been a < rep ted nomina
tions Cor Mayor were called for. War
ren Olney Jr. placed in nomination
F. K. Mott. causing applause from the
meager audience. The nomination
-•^i-onded by Seth Mann and W.
B. White.
Moll IMxmsi.n FOR MAYOR.
delegate mentioned the name
of John L. Davir-. but be was thp only
one who did. and Chairman Coogan
red Mott the party nominee. The
k"! \vi>nt < through with
out a hit <h. th.' I>em"ocrats piacinp
practically only two nominee? on the
from their own party, with
. they expect to make a fight, J.
E. M< -Kirov for-City Attorney and D.
E. Bortree. who will fight Felton Tay
lor for Treasurer. The ticket is as
follows:
Mayor. F. X Mott; City Attorney. J. K. Mc-
Klroy; rity Kn>r:r.<-. : . F. C. Turner; Treasurer.
I>. K. Bortr«-e; Auditor. A. H. Breed; Council-
-»t-larß<>. A. K. llonson. George K. Aiik.-n.
Kdwln Meese. E. Thurston; councilmen — Flr«t
%Yard. Aleo McAdam; Second Ward. A. H.
iriHott; Third Ward. Gecrr- Fitzgreralu; Fourtn
Ward, Uichard Bahls; yifth 1 ard, B. H.
PenaiPton; Sixth Ward, \V. .1. Baccus; venth
Vtrd, J. T. Wallace.
fechool Directors: At large — Dr. Myra Knox,
l^oven J. Hardy. F. M. Hathaway «n<i C. H.
neddingtonv First Ward. Fred C. Cllft; Second
Ward. J»r. A. H Pratt; ,Thlrd Ward, E. E.
Crandall; Fourth Ward, VV irren Olney Jr.;
Fifth Ward. J. D. Isaacs; Sixth Ward. C D
Rorws; seventh Ward. Dr. W. J. Wilcox.
Lilbrarv Tru-i'-<-t— E B. Kiiac n, W. H. O<r
rill. H J* Carltou, W. Al< xa rider. J. H. Mor-
:.») Oumotlttee: KirM Ward— H F
r, M H FilZK'raid; Second Ward— l.
C. Bulloch,
J • .! V. ! ruUd PV urh Wai
W F :th Ward— J. M. EngiU
Ward— Edward Muldoon. H.
liUttrcll, S. \f-iiih W r,i— A. Kretr. C IJ.1 J . Kirk.
I M<)\ LABOR <X)\VKXTION.
The Union Labor party municipal
convention wan called to order at Ger
tnania Hall by F. H. Dahnke. who
elected chairman of the conven
tion. Martin Roger? was elected sec
retary. Upon th^ presentation of the
report of the committee on credentials
it was found that 132 delegate? h;>d
presented their certificates of election.
Upon organization of the convention
the following committees were ap
pointed:
Committee on platform and resolutions — J.
T. Kerns. D. A. Sinclair, J. Raymond, J. J.
Victory, il. Rorers. T. J. Hopkins and P. W.
Wutlie.
mittee on organization — J. B. Reboli, R.
M. Homb. L. Hyde. Richard O'Connor. B. B.
Booth. C. Ix>chren and Al Cordan.
Committee on credentials— J. Cavanangh. D.
P. Sullivan. T. C. DevlHJers, M. P. McQHt,
G. H. yon Werdw. Frank Hlgtwra and W. E.
Adams.
The combination of the Bair and
Randolph factions settled the question
of a contest and the following ticket
was nominated without opposition:
\ Mayor, George E. Randolph; City Attorney.
J. E. McElroy: City Engineer, Charles C.
PwafTonJ: Auditor. Ed 1.. : Bair; Treasurer,
Murray LaJdlaw: Councllmen at large. Georsre
K. Aitken. M. J. r Mannlnt, Joseph Raymond
and Ed**tn Me*se; • School ; Director*, at larg*.
C. H. Reddlngton. Dr. Myra Knox. Dr. J. B.
Wood and Reuben Wiand.
\ Councilmen— First Ward, v. Captain Z. J.
HatJv Second Ward, will* be nominated Wed
nesday evening ln caucus; Third Ward. George
Fltn«f»H: ■ Fourth Ward; John 'F. Teague;
•<«h Ward." will be nominated ,Wednesd«y
"There has not been and is no claim
that the money has not been on hand
subject to the call of the people at a
moment's notice. Since I have been ln
office my cash has always balanced to
a cent. I desire to express my appre
ciation to my friends for their earnest
support and confidence and to impress
upon them the importance of the pres
ent campaign to this city.
"FELTON TAYLOR."
Taylor has Insisted throughout that
the city has been protected fully, and
he had only followed a long-established
custom in depositing surplus moneys in
private banks. The present situation
results from an investigation made by
Mayor Olney last Friday morning, when
he went to Treasurer Taylor and de
manded to be allowed to count the
city's funds. Instead of finding in gold
coin all that the balances required,
certificates of deposit for $130,000 were
exhibited. It was disclosed that this
money was on deposit in the Central
Bank and the First National Bank.
Mayor Olney insisted that TayloT had
violated the city charter which, for
bids the Treasurer to deposit city funds
in banks. The Treasurer replied that
his vaults were not adequate to hold
the coin and he had, tojprotect himself,
put the money in special deposit, sub
ject to his immediate call. But this did
not satisfy the Mayor, who persisted in
his stand that this alleged violation of
the law was not to be overlooked and
that Taylor must not aspire to further
political honors. This thunderclap came
an the eve of the Republican conven
tion, but Taylor was renominated with
out opposition. That has been followed
to-day by the pronounced and insistent
demand that he withdraw and he has
heeded the demand.
evening; Sixth Ward. W. J. Baccus; Seventh
Ward. W. A. Donaldson.
School Directors — First Ward, Fred C. Cllft;
' Ward, will be nominated Wednesday
*>v.>ninfr; Third Ward, E. E. Crandall; Fourth
Ward. M. F. Nunan; Fifth Ward, John Hanks;
Sixth Ward C. D. Rodgws; Seventh Ward,
L>r W. J. Wi.cox.
Th»- nomination of Library trustees was left
to the City Central Committee.
BURNING CAR
ON WILD DASH
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 6. — A crowd
ed electric car on fire and running
wild, with men fighting to get to doors
or windows, and women and children
screaming frantically, caused great ex
ritement in Pasadena to-night. The
car had just been packed with people
from an entertainment, when a con
troller box in front blew out. The
motorman lost his presence of mind
v hen the flames shot up all about him
;.iid jumped off, leaving the heavy car
to dash on without control.
Hen screamed and climbed over each
other and through the windows, land
ing in heaps. In the panic the strong
trampled the weak, and it seems
miraculous that none were seriously
injured.
/ When the car was fairly tearing
along the flames and electric sparks
gave a weird exhibition with the pale
faces they lit up. Conductor Starks
made his way to the controller and air
brake at the risk of his life and stopped
the burning runaway.
FIDDLER OF PIOXEER DAYS
GOES TO THE ALMSHOUSE
A violin that made merry many a
mining camp in '49 and the early '50s
and its venerable owner, Phil Sheri
dan, were consigned to the Almshouse
yesterday. The old musician grew
tired of battling with the world and
walked into the Central Emergency
Hospital with his beloved Instrument
tucked under his arm.
♦ k "We've &o V O t,?° to the Poorhouse
the fiddle and I," he said. "But I'll
give yez one more tune before we go "
he added in the cheery manner of the
Celt, who is, never completely beaten
by the buffets of fate.
Tucking the fiddle under his chin
he drew the bow across the string
and a merry tung rang through the
wards where the suffering lay
Patients badly injured and suffering
pain smiled when the merry strains
f<*ll upon their ears. The old fellow
gladly responded to encores. When
h<- had played nearly all the tunes
that delighted the men of '4 9 he laid
down his instrument reverently in its
case.
"Who'd think it"" he mused
"Old Phil Sheridan going to the
Poorhouse, Old Phil Sheridan that the
people used to throw nuggets to But
the good, old days are gone and all
the people that Old Phil knew are
gone. He's only got his fiddle left "
And the old musician patted his in
strument lovingly and said good-by
Sheridan is over 75 years of ajre
and the fiddle is over 300. The instru
ment was made in Karrach-ma-Kursh
Ireland. '
■ m »
Alleged Impersonators Arrested.
Milton Crone, a carpenter, and John
Gmocchi were taken into custody by
the police last night and locked up at
the City Prison. The, men are said to
have impersonated officers and tried
to collect money from Socca Mokel
and John Falovo, Italians, by threat
ening them with arrest as they were
passing along Thirty-second avenue
near Point Lobos.
TYPfcWRITERS WANTED — Th, Unltad
Statefc Clrll BcrrlM Commission announces an
oxaminatton at Lo« Angelc*. March 22- Fresno
M&rch 24; Sacramento. March 27- Reno v.v
March 29; Redding. March 31, and San' K»Si
"lsco. April 10. for the position of aterioir
rapher and typewriter (male and female) for
th. T'nlted States service, and for male stenog
rapher tnd typewriter, Philippine gervlce Age
limits. United States service, 18 years or ov«r'
Philippine service. 18 to 40 years. Apply to
the Unltci StatM Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C. or to the BecreUry, Board
Civil Service Examiners. 301 Jackson street.
San Francl»co, for application forms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1905.
GIRL BATTLES
WITH FOOTPAD
Miss Lillian Smith, After
a Desperate Battle, Com
pels Ruffian to Leave Her
WAS RETUBNING HOME
Highwayman Tries to Grab
Her Purse, but She Screams
and Then He Attacks Her
BERKELEY. Feb. 6.— < Miss Lillian
Smith, residing at 2911 Beacon street,
to-night had a desperate fight with a
footpad near the Ashby-avenue station
of the Key route, vanquished the man
and then fled to her home near by.
Miss Smith was returning from San
Francisco alone and left the Key route
train only two blocks from her home.
She had gone scarcely half a block
from the station and was opposite
Vaughn's coal yard in the shadow of
a high fence when the highwayman
made a jump at her. She was carry
ing a purse and the man tried to grab
it. She cried out and he made an ef
fort-to stop her from arousing the
neighborhood. They struggled for a
few moments and the highwayman,
finding that the girl was a match for
him, suddenly darted down a side
street and disappeared. The young
lady had bravery and presence of
mind enough to report the matter to
Officer Bower and then find her way
home.
BUTS A RESTAURANT
FOR UNION WAITERS
Central Labor Council Takes Action
on "Open Shop" Issue Raised by
the Employers' Association.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6. — The Central
Labor Council has decided to take up
the fight of the Cooks' and Waiters'
Union against which the Restaurant
Keepers' Association declared "open
shop" on February 1. The council has
purchased the Piedmont bakery and
restaurant at Eighth and Washington
streets, and will conduct it as a
straight union establishment as soon
as the formal transfer has been con
cluded.
Charle.- \V. Petry ( president of the
Central Labor Council, with which the
union is affiliated, is the nominal
purchaser of the restaurant The
council decided against strike and
boycott in the issue raised by the res
taurant men's action. Notice of the
sale of trie restaurant was filed to-day
according to law with the County Re
corder.
BOND ELECTION IS
SET FOR MARCH 11
Oaklanders Will Vote on Proposition
to Pay Bay Cities Water Com
pany $5,700,000.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— The City Coun
cil to-night finally passed the ordi
nance calling the bond election for
March 11 on the proposition to pur
chase a municipal water supply from
the Bay Cities Water Company for
$5,700,000, this to include a distributing
system. The ordinance will be sent to
the Mayor to-morrow for his signature.
The Council's committee of the whole
will meet Wednesday night to take up
the inquiry into the fixing of water
rates for the year beginning July 1.
Frank C. Jordan's offer of the free
use of thirty voting machines at the
coming city election was referred to
the committee of the whole.
Marriages Fail.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6. — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by John
Schoenfelder against Fannie Schoen
felder on the ground of cruelty and
drunkenness. Hans C. Jensen obtain
ed an interlocutory decree of divorce
to-day from Mary Jensen for cruelty.
She, enjoyed the society of other men
more than that of her husband. Jen
nie A. Ley got an interlocutory decree
of divorce from Thomas A. Ley for
cruelty.
LINCOLN BIRTHDAY
DINNER IN NEW YORK
George A. Knight Will Come Second
on the List of Regular
Speakers.
George A. Knight left San Fran
cisco for New York last evening. He
will attend the Lincoln birthday din
ner at the Waldorf-Astoria next Mon
day evening and speak of the Repub
lican party.
President Roosevelt will be the
first speaker. Mr. Knight the second.
Senator Dolliver of lowa is third on
the list. He will speak of Abraham
Lincoln. The Attorney General of the
United States comes fourth and last
on the list of regular speakers.
Tables to accommodate 2000 guests
will be spread in the banquet hall. It
is expected that the senior United
Slates Senator of California, George C.
Perkins, will journey from Washing
ton to New York in order to again
listen to eloquent words from his
old friend and fellow campaigner,
George A. Knight.
The impression is misleading that
the Senator failed to respond to the
personal message which Mr. Knight
sent to him from Sacramento over
the wire a day of two before the first
Senatorial ballot. Senator Perkins did
respond, but owing to some delay in
the preparation, transmission or de
livery of the return message the re
sponse did not reach Mr. Knight until
Mr. Flint had been chosen United
States Senator. In the responsive mes
sage Senator Perkins gave expression
of sentiments of the highest regard
for Mr. Knight.
FOLDING BED IS A MUTE
WITNESS IN GRAHAM'S COURT
A folding bed, intended to illustrate
the d'jath-dealing capabilities of its
kind, was rolled into Judge Graham's
courtroom yesterday afternoon minus
the mattress and other soft things that
go to make a downy couch and hide the
mysteries of a dangerous mechanism.
This silent witness in the damage
suit of Kate Read against M. Friedman
& Co., furniture dealers, was placed
close tc tne jury box and the twelve
men who are to determine the cause,
with some humor and some wonder
ment, were treated to an exposition of
the workings of the bed by the plaintiff,
Kate Read, and her attorneys, Baggett
& Jones.
Miss Read, who is a colored woman,
Bays the bed ran amuck and did her
grievous bodily harm ln August, 1901.
She is suing the firm for $10,000 on
the strength of the mishap. The case
will be resumed to-day.
INCINERATING
COMPANY WINS
United States Court Issues
an Injunction Against the
Scavengers of. Oakland
STOPS THEIR BUSINESS
Order Will Be
Put in Force by the Dep
uty Marshals Immediately
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1018 Broadway. Feb. 6.
Judge W. W. Morrow of the United
States Circuit Court to-day issued an
injunction restraining the scavengers
of Oakland from carrying on their
business in this city pending the hear
ing of the Pacific Incinerating Com
pany's application for a permanent in
junction, under the terms of the com
pany's contract with the city of Oak
land. United States deputy marshals
will commence at once to enforce the
order. The decision gives the crema
tory people a clear field to handle all
of the city's refuse while the main
issue is unheard. The company's rep
resentatives assert they have no doubt
that the contract will be upheld.
The court's order forbids the scav
engers to collect garbage or refuse or
to obstruct or interfere with the Pa
cific Incinerating Company in the col
lection and destruction of garbage.
The order covers all points upon which
the corporation went before the Fed
eral court.
This move is the result of a long con
test between the company and the
scavengers who had refused to meet
the terms ' offered by the crematory
people when they began operations.
The scavengers continued in business
and did not surrender a customer
without a struggle. Many arrests were
made by the police, but the courts were
so clogged with cases that no progress
was made. After months of seesaw
ing in the State courts the crematory
company transferred its contest to the
Federal courts.
CLASH AGAIN
OVER CLAIMS
San Leandro Oyster Men
Wish to Gain by Law What
They Lost by Force of Arms
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Feb. 6.
Having ended the internal troubles
of the Pacific Oyster Company and the
Darbee & Immel Company by forc
ing the dissatisfied members of the
corporations to sell their stock, the
latter corporation --day filed a suit
against its enemy, the Smith Oyster
Company, which it alleges has jumped
its claim of 7000 acres of overflowed
land suitable to the propagation of
the succulent bivalve.
This claim jumping was'done with
the aid of an armed Unfted States
vessel, which was ordered to the scene
of the strife near San Leandro in
1903 to keep the peace. Troubles of
its own has kept the Immel Com
pany from taking any steps toward
the recovery of its rights. In its com
plaint filed to-day it is asserted that
the Smith Company t«ok possession of
the land, cut down th* stakes marking
the Immel Company's rights, floated
off the fences and put up its own.
Since the control of the Pacific
Oyster Company was obtained by the
Darbee & Immel faction as against
that of C. P. Overton, J. R. Daggett
and R. H. Countryman, a large num
ber of suits involving the affairs of
the company on both sides of the bay
have been dismissed.
PROMINENT WOMAN OF
BERKELEY DIES IN EAST
Frank Wilson Travels Fast, but Is
Beaton by Death in Race
to Wife.
BERKELEY, Feb. 6.— News of the
death of Mrs. Frank Wilson, wife of
a prominent Berkeley attorney, came
to the university town this morning,
when Mr. Wilson telegraphed to
friends that he was sidetracked at
Yucca, Arizona, by a washout on the
railroad while on his way to New
York, where the body of his wife lies,
awaiting burial. Mrs. Wilson died
there yesterday morning. Her hus
band had been asked by wire to come
East, the message having been sent
immediately upon the arrival of Mrs.
Wilson from Europe. Mrs. Wilson
was accompanied abroad by her son
Raymond, and a sister, Mrs. Baird.
She had been in ill health for some
time.
In Berkeley the Wilsons occupied
the magnificent place known as
"Rosemond," on the heights overlook
ing the university and the bay, adjoin
ing the grounds of Mrs. Hearst's home
and close to President Wheeler's resi
dence. Mrs. Wilson had been presi
dent of tha Town and Gown Club, and
active in other social interests. Her
body Is to be brought to California for
interment.
FRIENDS L.EARN OF
A SECRET WEDDIXG*
Romance -. in the - IJves of 'i. a,- Yuung
. Berkeley Conple : Comes to -
Light.
BERKELEY, Feb. 6.— Friends of
Alexander Larson and Rose E. Morris
learned with surprise to-day that the
young folks were secretly married at
San Rafael three weeks ago. The de
votees of Cupid have chosen to keep
their romance to themselves, living
apart, though married.
Larson resides with his mother at
2012 Delaware street. He is a clerk
in the local postofflce. His bride is a
bookkeeper in the Oakland office of
the Oakland Gas, Light and Heat
Company. She lives at 1341 Univer
sity avenue, in Berkeley. They had
planned to keep their marriage a
secret for at least six months. No
reason is given by either for the de
sire to avoid publicity.
HENRI EVERB AT POINT OF DEATH. —
Oakland, Feb. 6. — Henry Evers, the well
known undertaker, lies at the point of death
at his home, 424 San Pablo avenue. Mr.
Evers contracted a severe cold several weeks
ago, which has since developed Into pneu
monia. »nd his physician. Dr. Llllencrantz,
said to-day that there was grave danger that
the patient might not recover
JURORS FAIL
TO FIX BLAME
Coroner's Inquest Upon the
Case of Clarence Lubben
Results in Mild Verdict
CALLS FOR DISCIPLINE
Ascribes 1 Death to Tubercu
lar Meningitis, Possibly
Hastened by Kough Play
ALAMEDA, Feb. 6.— At the inqu««t
held this evening by Coroner Mehr
mann in the case of nine-year-old Clar
ence Lubben, who died Friday night
and whose death was ascribed in a
measure to hazing by boy pupils at
the Longfellow Grammar School, the
Jury rendered the verdict "that death
was caused by tubercular meningitis,
which possibly was hastened by rough
treatment which the deceased received
in the school yard of the Longfellow
School, and we recommend that the
authorities properly charged with that
duty see to it that a more effective
supervision be exercised over the boys
during their play hours at the said
school." On the Jury were R. M. Grant,
G. W. Johnston, H. G. Mehrtens, H.
Traube, E. J. Reese, A. It. Vivier, G.
H. Turner, L. R. Roos and C. H. Walsh.
President Frank Otis of the Board of
Education. Fred T. Moore, Superin
tendent of Schools, and Principal Carl
J. Philippi were present at the investi
gation as representatives of the school
department. President Charles R.
Smith of the West End Improvement
Association, which has Interested itself
in the alleged hazing, was present with
John Lubben, father of Clarence Lub
ben, and listened to the evidence. Mr.
Otis occasionally cross-examined wit
nesses after Coroner Mehrmann had
completed his direct questioning.
All the witnesses, including Principal
Fhillppi and Janitor Burton, asserted
that they had seen boys tossed in the
air and "bounced" by other boys. All
the witnesses, with the exception of
Philippi and Burton, thought that the
alleged hazing of the Lubben lad oc
curred on Tuesday, January 10. Phil
ippi and Burton were of the opinion
that it was on January 17. Melville
Brown, Charles H. Woest and Harold
Deal, pupils at the Longfellow School,
testified that they saw Clarence Lub
ben tossed by other boys larger than
himself, that he was permitted to Call
upon his back and that he later vom
ited.
John Lubben related how his son
came home from school on the after
noon, of Tuesday, January 10, bleeding
a« the mouth and vomiting, which the
child said was caused by his being
bumped by a larger lad. Dr. C. George
Bull, who attended the Lubben boy
and who performed the autopsy, testi
fied that death was due to tubercular
meningitis, and in answer to a question
from a Juryman said that the fatal
affliction might have been brought on
or hastened by rough handling. Others
who gave testimony were Mrs. Louise
Marx, Ethel Lubben, Charles Kiser,
Lumen Chandler and Albert Hasty.
EDITOR CALLS
UNIVERSITY
TO ITS TASK
BERKKLKY, Feb. 6.— The notable string of
vli tori-s wnn by Stanford University men
this year in competition with California, be
ginning with the big football game ln No
vember ar.rt culminating last Friday night ln
the '"arnot d?bate affair, has called forth from
Joseph P. Lioeb, editor of the Daily Californlaii,
the representative university publication, a
confession of the university's poor showing and
a spirited appeal for something different.
LiOfb's editorial haw stirred the colleges. He
frankly calls it a "wall." It is as follows:
"Stanford"B big y*-ar must not continue. Our
task is to put an end to her list of victories
and win enme ourselvs. Baseball, the intei
collf-friate debats, rowing, track and tennis of
fer glorious opportunities for us to retrieve
our failing fortune and let our triumphant ri
vals know that we are still on the map. This
we can do only If every one who is good for
anything does- his best to help. If you can
dfbate. try for the intercollegiate team. If
you can row, there is a i>lace for you on the
crew. There are so many Intercollegiate con
tests that almost all of uf can do some good.
Kvery year we hear the same plaintive wall
for better support and more enthusiasm, but
now there Is real feeling in the wail. We
have a hard row to hoe; let us all do our
EUrt."
Professor John Fryer, head of the Oriental
languages department of the university, ad
dressed the Hillside Club ln the Hillside School
house ln North Berkeley last Saturday night.
his ?üb.|pct being "Chinese Architecture." His
remarks were Illustrated by a valuable collec
tion cf 100 stereoptlcon views, made from pho
tographs taken :n China.
The bids for celling, partitioning, carpenter
and mill work in California Hall are to tx?
opened to-morrow at 5 o'clock ln the office of
Acting Secretary Henderson.
D. MacGavin. tennis player for the varsity
last year and tennU champion of the Pacific
Coapt, has written from Hongkong. China, to
his friend* here that he lias had several lively
tennis matches in the Orient. He Is making
a tour of the world ar 1 Intends eventually to
play gene matches in England.
The Freshman Debating Society will meet
next Wednesday night and discuss the ques
tion: "Resolved, that It will be for the beat
Interests *f the Russian people that the Czar
be deposed."
AVilliam H. IWfingwell of the class of '79,
who has recemly done the engineering for a
railroad In Central America, has returned to
the university town for a orief visit.
Th<* Choral Society is to give the half hour
nf mt!»te in the Greek Theater next Sunday
nft-rncon.
The complete catalogue of graduate ntudents
Is to go to press this week. Miss May Cheney,
appointment secretary, has gathered her copy
from such sources an the lists kept by Mr. Col
more of the agricultural department, Professor
O'Nell of the chemistry department and tha
list kept by the Journal of Technology. Postal
cards will be sent to all graduates asking
that informntlon about present address, occu
pation whether married or single, be sent to
the recorder's office. This informatiun will
he k-?pt up to date and a second and more
complete catalogue may follow the first.
ALAMEDA ARGIS LOSES
CITY PRINTING CONTRACT
Award by Trustees Is a Surprise and
May Be Fought in the
Courts.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 6.— The award for
city printing by the trustees this even
ing was a surprise, the contract being
awarded to the West End News and
taken away from the Argus. The
Fruitvale Progress put in a bid, but
the trustees decided that the contract
would not be awarded to any paper
having a plant outside of Alameda.
Editor Lydecker of the Progress says
he will fight this rule and there may
be a claim set up that the T,"est End
News is printed In San Francisco.
City Clerk Gllogly was instructed to
notify the Thompson Hose Company, a
volunteer organization, to disband this
month.
ALAMEDA LAW LlßßAßY.— Oakland. Feb
6. — A report of the condition of the Alameda
law library made to the Board of Supervisor*
shows that there are 5406 volume* and that
$11^0 06 is now on hand.
DICK DEADEYE
AND HIS MATES
Oakland Society Awaiting
Revival of Ever Popular
"Pinafore" This Evening
PROCEEDS FOR CHARITY
Admirable Production of the
Famous Gilbert and Sulli-
Tan Masterpiece Promised
OAKLAND. Feb. 6.— lf ""Pinafore" is
an artistic success to-morrow night
it will be mainly due to the efforts of
Miss Pearl King, the talented society
girl, who has been drilling the amateur
opera company that will sing for char
ity at Ye Liberty. There was a dress
rehearsal at the theater this afternoon,
when everything went with a dash and
a swing that augured well for the
final performance. The choruses ar«
unusually good and act and sing with
a uniformity that is not only pleasing
but surprising. It is no light task to
take fifty or more people, unaccus
tomed to the stage, and train them for
any sort of a performance, not to men
tion opera, and it speaks well for the
talent of the men and women who
have given of that talent and their
time to a good cause that they are able
to do so well.
It promises to be a representative
audience that will fill the big theater I
to-morrow evening — the house is al
most sold out — and the fashionable ele
ment will be largely in evidence. The
boxes and loges have all been sold,
among those who will entertain box
parties being the Requas and th* H. A.
Butters.
As has already been announced,
"Pinafore" Is being given for the bene
fit of the Congregational Chapel In
Fruitvale and everybody in that sub
urb of beautiful homes is Interested in
its success. Mrs. Henry Wetherbee of
Fruitvale, who has ever been a leading
spirit in the work of building and
maintaining the chapel, is the origina
tor and general manager of the "Pina
fore" production, and many of her
friends are coming from San Fran
cisco to hear the opera sung.
One of the prettiest features of the
evening will be the dancing of the
sailor's hornpipe by Miss Davlda
Bleuel, with pantomime accompani
ment by the whole company. Little
Marie Bennett makes a very cunning
midshlpmite.
The principals, Mrs. Mary Carpenefo
Mead, Miss Gertrude Gould. Miss Ruth
Weston, Dr. Rodolph, Harry Perry,
Louis Jacoby, Clarence Oliver and
Sanford Bennett, are all stars and sev
eral of the numbers will undoubtedly
receive more than one encore.
The regular company of the theater
will give a short curtain raiser,
"Mixed Pickles," before the opera be
gins.
FORGET CHILD
DURING A FIRE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Feb. «.—Wil
liam Addison, a four-year-old boy, was
burned to death in the flames which
destroyed the home of his parents, Mr.
and Mrs. John Addison. to-night. The
fire spread with great rapidity from a
defective flue and while the occupants
of the house tried to fight it, they for
got the child in a rear room. The
flames were soon beyond their control
and then it was found that access to
the baby was cut off by a wall of
flame.
The district is not yet provided with
water mains and the firemen's hose
proved unavailing owing to the lack of
water. The house and its contents
were burned to the ground, adjoining
residences being saved only by the
hardest work.
JURIST IS ACCUSED.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.— The charges
against Superior Judge Lucas F. Smith
of Santa Cruz and the petition for his
impeachment, that have been expected
for some time, were presented in the
Assembly to-day by Cleveland of Santa
Cruz. The charges are as published in
The Call at the opening of the session.
They are fathered by John H-. Leonard,
a Santa Cruz attorney, and are accom
panied by affidavits from Harrison
Rich, William Ayedelotte, M. T. Lang
ley, Julius H. Haesters, William Gard
ner and William F. White.
Favoritism to Attorney Charles M.
Cassin is the first accusation put for
ward. The Judge is accused of telling
Peter Paul Hartman, a litigant, that if
he had employed Cassin instead of
"that drunken lawyer," George P.
Burke, he would have fared better. It
is also charged that Judge Smith al
lowed Cassin to batter Thomas Dakan.
a litigant, in his presence and then
fined . Dakan for defending himself;
that when Nathan Smith waa convict
ed of assault with a deadly weapon
Judge Smith told his attorney that if
he would get a petition signed by 100
Watsonvllle people asking for leniency
he wquld sentence Smith lightly, and
that upon presentation of su* h petition
the defendant was sentenced to six
months in the County Jail: that Judge
Smith arbitrarily struck from the file
the complaint in the case of Helen
Younger against Charles Moore and
others because the Judge was a party
defendant; that when Nicholas Sam
buck was suing the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company for damages for al
leged injuries Judge Smith told his at
torney to let the railroad physicians
examine him, and told him to "bend
and squeal" while such examination
was in progress; that when Louis
Buelna was convicted of a statutory
crime Judge Smith told his mother to
induce him to waive all motion for a
new trial and that the court would give
him a light sentence, and that upon
this being done Judge Smith sentenced
Buelna to serve ninety years; that the
accused Imprisoned Attorneys P. E. Za
bala and J. J. Wyatt on fictitious and
false contempt charges; that 50 per cent
of all civil and 75 per cent of all crim
inal cases decided by him are reversed
by the Supreme Court, and, finally, that
he has at times shown great contempt
for the supreme tribunal of the State.
The charges and petition were or
dered printed in the journal and were
made a special order for to-morrow.
REGENTS RESPONSIBLE.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.— The mem
bers of the committee appointed to in
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND). .
1016 Broadway.
Ttflepbons Main 1083.
BERKELEY. :
1148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
■!■ — ; ■
SURGEONS
OUTDONE BY
A HEALER
Special Dispatch to Ta* CML
YOfNGSTOWN, Ohio. Feb. C—
"Bonesetter" Reese has cured Mrs.
John W. Timmons, daughter of Vice
President-elect Fairbanks, who for frw o
years has been unable to walk. She fell
at a dance, spraining her ankle. She
has tried numerous surgeons, without
relief.
Mrs. Timmons came here with Mis»
Warnock, daughter of Congressman
Warnock of Urbana, Ohio, who herself
has been cured by Reese, and for four
days has been under hTs care. To-day
for the first time she was able to walk
downstairs.
"Bonesetter" Reese originally was a
millman. His healing power led him
fifteen years ago to leave the mill and
devote himself to surgery. Since th<»t
time he has gained a wide reputation.
ON THE WATCH
FOR POACHERS
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. «.— Th« Cana
dian Fishery Corporation steamship
Kestra has received orders from Ot
tawa to patrol Hecate Straits and pre
vent American fishing vessels from en
croaching on the fishing ground* of
British Columbia.
Dispatches from Ottawa in this con
nection report that in the House to-day
William Sloan inquired If the Govern
ment had any information as to wheth
er American companies engaged in
halibut fishing are encroaching in
waters under the jurisdiction of the
Canadian Government on the Pacific
Coast and If any steps were taken t>
secure control of Hecate Straits. The
Minister of Marine and Fisheries an
swered that reports of encroachments
had reached the department and every
effort had been made to protect Cana
dian fisheries on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially since the commissioning of the
Kestra.
The claim to territorial Jurisdiction
in Hecate Straits has formed the sub
ject of some diplomatic correspondence
and at present is in an unsettled state.
FOUND DEAD
ON SEASHORE
■pecla! IKspateh to Th« Cmll
LOS ANGELES. Feb. «.— Thr«« flays
ago a well dressed man without a scrap
vt paper or anything about him by
which he could be identified was found
dead at the base of a seaside bluff in
Long Beach. This evening he was
identified as John Gildea, a member of
the Snn Francisco Elks, who had come
to Los Angeles for a visit.
He was about 40 years old and well
to-do. His brother is in the clothing
business cm Market street.
vestigate the financial system of the
State .University have returned, and it
is probable they will recommend that
the Board of University Regents h*
held responsible for the defalcat:
former Secretary W. A. McKowen. who
is now serving a sentence at San Quen
tin. The committee may ask that the
Regents he compelled to refund th*
$53,000 stolen by McKowen.
Speaking of the findings of the com
mittee. Senator Carter, chairman, said:
"A majority of the members of thy
committee believe that the
Regents should be held responsible for
the McKowen defalcation. The com
mittee will prepare its report as soon as
possible, although it has until February
10 to complete its task."
Senator Lukens. another member of
the committee, said.
"It is my opinion that the* Rearent*
cannot escape the responsibility for th*»
loose financial system that made it pos
sible for McKowen to steal the large
sum that he did. It seems to me th^y
will hav<> to make up the loss."
The report probably will contain the
further recommendation that a suit f-r
the recovery of the money be brought
against the Regents by the Attorney
General.
CHIEF DOTJGHERTT lU*— Assistant Chiet
J.»hn Dougherty of the Fire Department la su(i
fertng from a serere cold -which he Wintracted
a f«w nights ago. The attending ' physician.
fearing that it may develop into pneumonia. . I*
using every precaution and refuses to allow
visitors to see the patient.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
SJCk HEADACHE
r ■— S—lS — I Positively cnwed by
OADTTDQ these Little PUls.
\j§\ |\ I II\O ' Tae y a!so reUeve DI3-
■n ■ tress from Dyspepsia. In-
■■ ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
[ Ilirn Eating. . A perfect rera-
• |i If Ln edy tor Dtzzinem Nausea.
I PILLS. Drowsiness. .' Bad Ta3ta
■^^■1 in tne ■ Mouth. Ooatad
■■■■ Tonjue. Pain in tne Side.
iTORPID LIVSR. Tnfl7
regtilate ttie Bowels. Purer/ Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
carter'sl clß£ SICK H£ADACIiB
■ittle Genuine Must Bear
I ! VER . Fac-Simila Signaturt
H PILLS; --RAILWAY RATE BILL
TAKEN UP IN HOUSE
Republicans After Stiarp Debate
Adopt Rule to Shut Out All
Amendments to Measure.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— Following «
of hearings by the Committee on i
Interstate and Foreign Commerce, the
House of Representatives to-day be
pan the debate on the proposed legisla
tion locking to the control of freight
rates. This action was taken only after
the determined opposition by Demo
members, led by John Sharp
Williams of Mississippi, the minority
leader, to the adoption of a rule which
would shut out opportunity to amend
the bill. Two Republicans. Southwuk
Y'<rk and Vreeland of New
• i against the rule, and one
Dem« ::ies of Tennessee, voted
tt. Otherwise party lines were
y drawn.
izing the Committee on Rules'
hutting off all opportunity for |
amendment. Williams contended that if j
that opportunity were given the Demo
rats had v ith them a sufficient num- |
S i'Ublieans to pass a bill em- j
:ig in its particulars the views of |
the President. He offered to surrender ;
be time allotted to his side for de- j
as well as to forego a vote on the
minority substitute. .if amendments
Mould be allowed to be offered, but the
; wa? refused by the majority.
■ -mond of Missouri charged that
the right to amend had been denied "in
the narrowness of shallow partisan
ship."
DALZEIX DEFENDS RII.E.
The fairness of the rule to all mem
vas declared by Dalzell of Penn
sylvania to be apparent, since it af
forded full opportunity to vote on both
< flered by the two parties. The
rule wae also defended by Grosvenor of
Ohio.
T-wnsend of Michigan, one of the
authors of the bill under consideration,
and Richardson of Alabama occupied
the remainder of the day in discussing
it. both sounding a note of warning to
iit= th.v unless they joined
hands with Congress in the matter the
:>-mand more drastic leg
on.
aking up the question of
bet the House adopted the
ation of the committee of wewtm
managers to the reply of Judge Swayne
- impeachment charges, in which
11 wa? reiterated that Judge Swayne
be crimes alleged against
WILLIAMS SCORES FLAK.
In denouncing the ruling on the
t rate bill, Williams declared that
ADVERTISEaiEXTS.
|| On- ; ! I
Arising
drink half at glass of
the Natural Laxative
TVater
HunyadiJanos
] to insure a ft*ee more-
ment of the bowels
and. relief from
1 RONSTIPATION
Ask for it by the foil
name s*
Hunyadi Janos
I 1 Jl
• La grippe, pneumonia, and inflc-
enza often leave a nasty cough
\rhen they're gone.
It is a dangerous thing to neglect.
Cure it with
SHiloH's
Consumption
Cure The C Luns
%^\&& <G Tonic .
I The cure that is guaranteed by
your druggist.
Prices: . S. C. "Wells * Co. 9
2Sc. 50c $1 Leßoy, K.Y.. Toronto. Caa.
Sviirr DR. JORDAN'S great i
itBBTT DR. JORDAN'S great j
* MUSEUM OF.AHATOMYf
A f^ W*lalßaETST.ket.«th*7tk.S.F.G»L A
T YjF\ TheLsrrcft Aftuoalca! Vsmatatli* T
A -Tyi«. World. Wf »kn«f «r mt o»«r*-<«<l A
W flß^elß <t«f » po»ltl»«-ly cmrrd b» th« »lle»l W
A jB ?V1 Sr«ci*Uit oc the Cctit. Est-Stjfwm. 0
} fi«*H DR. 40RDAN-OISEASES OF KEN A
A I Y*W^ fl Tr»»tairnt peraontily «r by Int'a. A A
!I ML JMOAN-OISEASES OF MEN Z
l£A| Ontnltatlea tm ted strictly pritata. T
TSBT ■ Tr^mtmnit penoullT at my letter, a M
P^^k ■ potiu r* am In tmy esae üßdi-takea. W
ir f \m Write Book. PSIIf .o»e>P«rr A
T- if \\^ ■«HIII««.l . HaILXD P££K. (if
i JJ- J|. ftlutkknkbfßa) \
r I>B. JOBr>AX*«O..IOSIMsrkPtSt..S.P. W
Sjtf&m&tS MENANDWOMEII,
Ui«BlgOfor«Cß».tnr»|
/SsSr U 1 1» t <Uyi.X3 <!lsca»rgei,lcflamni»tioßt,
4HB ourutttt V irritalioni or «lc*r«tloM
P«Sf «tr»et«r*. of BVCOBI BUnbrtSM.
1* f rr»nii Cniufn. raln'ieM. aad set utrIa-
gJIirHS Er>HSCHEVK«ICe. g*ut or pcUonoos.
>JBl a. a. Bm * r ** Dt in x»r«nn«u.
EBW^ br *xiir«.», prepaid. tet
V*BBBBaIBBK^ ai.w.or*bittlae*3.7».
% illtWW***^ ■ Orcalar iest oa r»ao>rt.
U.ptcd'cl CURE SICK HEADACHE.
Wittle / Genome Must Bear
'.KJVER " Fac-Sirhils Signature,
gPSLLS. v^ ; ■ '^**—~ '■ \,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Gl£9 KEABST ST. Established
lit 1554 for the treatment of Frlrate
Diseases. Ix>st Kaanood. DebllUror
hjwi> n-eartcron body aod nilnd »i:<l
MUiiDlei iern The noctorcnr»>s wl.»-n
oth«rs fall- Try htm. Chai-ir»^ low.
(urMtaaraiilrri. CaUorwrlie.
nw. x. r. (iIBROK. Bt" FriiT-^iico. tai.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
Pon Application. \-\
ICATIXG OlX> ' s SARD I ELLIS.
S Frt>nt st.; B. X. . Plioce Main 1718.
POINTING.
t- C. HIGHESi * 611 PniN'TER, S. F.
t- V. ULUIICj] on Sansome et.. & F.
s&AB9R9BMRfaHiHHMaeHIMHnnsiR£9H?I
the object of the Democratic caucus
had br-en accomplished. That object,
he said, was to let the President of the
United States and the minority mem
bers of the majority party know that
there would be no mere partisan and
fartinnal opposition to a great public
measure. The rule, he said, amid
Democratic applause, had been brought
to for the purpose of preventing a ma
jority of the entire House, composed of
thf Democrats solidly and a number of
Republicans, from formulating a bill
which would accomplish the purpose
SOL'.ght.
'"Your object is." he said, "to prevent
your own men from amending your
| own bill with our assistance."
The Townsend-Ksch bill, he said, had
been framed on the presumption that
the Interstate Commerce Commission
would commit an error, which was to
be guarded against. William? then of
1 fefed to surrender every moment of
I debate if the rule were so amended as
, tv permit the vote to be taken on these
I amendments. He even offered to give
■ up the vo-te on the minority substitute
! if the privilege he asked was accorded.
ADOPTED BY REPUBLICANS.
Dalzell, however, denounced the prop
osition. The three amendments Wil
liams demanded were, he said, to give
the Interstate Commission power to
substitute a rate for one declared un
fair; to make that rate operative until
laid aside by final judgment of a court,
and to base an appeal or review to a
court upon evidence' adduced before
the Interstate Commerce Commission.
The- debate was brought to a close by
Dalzell, who said, amid Republican
laughter, that a Democratic caucus
v.as an exceedingly unnecessary thing
when it sought to give aid to the Presi
dent and the Republican party.
He congratulated the Democratic
party that since November last "they
have discovered that the man in £he
White House is a good man not only
for Republicans but also for Demo
crats to follow."
He argued that nothing could be
fairer than to permit the House to
pass on the ..wo propositions — the bill
of the majority and the minority sub
stitute. Dalzell would not agree to a
suggestion by Cockran of New York
th;!t the time for debate be dimin- 1
ish'-d. the remaining time to be de
voted to considering amendments.
This caused Cockran to remark that
the Democratic party proposed to sur
render debate and substitute action
In its stead.
On a rollcall the rule was adopted.
166 to 140. The House then went into
a committee of the whole to consider
the Towneend-Esch bill, with Currier
of Xew Hampshire in the chair
TOWNSEND OPENS DEBATE.
Townsend of Michigan, one of the
authors of the measure, began the
debate. He said that the bill present
ed ample occasion to bring into promi
nence the agitator who desired no
toriety before his constituents and
who was eager to strike a blow at the
railroads, "above or below the belt."
The occasion, he said, was equally
fruitful "for that greed and selfishness
born of great power and nurtured by
a desire for financial gain, which
would deceive the Congress and
the nation Into believing that the
creatures of the Government are out
side and beyond its control and that
the Droblem is so great and complex
that only the railroads can solve it."
Townsend, in reply to Richardson
of Alabama, said positively that the
bill. In conection with the so-called
Elkins act, would reach the private
car lines.
Richardson of Alabama said the de
mar- d for legislation to regulate
freight rate 6 had come in such an
earnest way that Congress could not
for a moment disregard it, but he
counseled against engaging in hasty
or hostile legislation. He w-as par
ticularly antagonistic to a special
court to pass on rates, maintaining
that it was a departure from the ju
dicial Bystem of the Government
PRIVATE LINES DISCUSSED.
Case Argued For and Against Before
House Committee.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6. — Opposi
tion to Federal control of private car
lines was presented to-day before the
sub-committee of the House Commit
tee on Interstate and Foreign Com
merce by President Reichman of
Street's Western Stable Car Lines. He
detailed the operations of his com
pany to support the contention that
it was not engaged in interstate com
merce.
E. M. Ferguson of Duluth, Minn.,
representing a number of jobbing as
sociations, was before the committee.
Ferguson said that in order to get
around the requirement to publish
rates, the Santa Fe operates about
5000 cars under a separate system or
corporation distinct from the railroad
< orporation. During the hearings
Ferguson referred repeatedly to the
Pere Marquette Railroad, and Sena
tor Newlands asked why reference to
that road was so frequent.
'Because we have been able to get
hold of a contract between that line
and the Armour Car Company and it
is of that contract I am speaking,"
said Ferguson. He concluded with a
demand for the extermination of the
private car line companies. He said
he believed the majority of railroads
will favor such elimination.
BREEDS PRESIDENT PROTESTS.
Tell* Stockholders President's Plan Is
Bad for Country.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. — President Un
dfrwood of the Erie Railroad has sent
nut a circular to stockholders of that
corporation. In which he says:
It is obvious that the owners -of railroad
securities have a vital Interest In the disposi
tirn of the bill relating to interstate commerce,
now under consideration: by th* committee : of
Congress. Any law enacted that will prevent
the cutting- of rates, unjust discrimination and
all other dishonest practices would * be • bene
ficial, not only to the public In general.' but ;to
th« railroads as well. . It Is, however, . the
opinion of those who have had | th© best oppor
tunity for studying the situation that it would
be a serious mistake to have a ; biU pawed
authorizing; the Interstate Commerce commis
sion to tix rates, for transportation.-
Inquiry Into Transport Service.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— The
House Committee on Military Affairs
to-day authorized a favorable report
on the Humphrey resolution asking
for detailed information from the War
Department regarding the army trans
port service.
Archbishop Agius Welcomed.
MANILA, Feb. 6. — Archbishop Am
hrnpe Agius, the new papal delegate
to the Philippines, arrived here to
day. He was greeted by nil the church
dignitaries In Manila and given an
enthusiastic reception.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1905.
J. E. GORMAN
TO SUCCEED
W. B. BIDDLE
MAN WHO SUCCEEDS W. B. BID
DLE AS THE SANTA FE FREIGHT
TRAFFIC MANAtiKR. ■
Will Be New Freight
Traffic Manager of
Santa Fe Road.
The local office of the Sarrta Fe road
yesterday received official confirmation
of the appoinUnent of James E. Gor
man to the position of freight traffic
manager to succeed W. B. Biddle, who
recently resigned to accept the third
vice presidency of the Rock Island
Railroad. Gorman, whofnow holds the
position of assistant freight traffic
manager of the Santa Fe, will enter
upon his new duties on March 1. His
appointment came as a pleasant piece
of news to local traffic men. who know
him well and regard him as a capable
man for the position.
Gorman's career as a railroad man
dates back to 1887, when he entered the
employ of the Burlington. He later
became an attache of the Rock Island,
the Northwestern and the Illinois roads
and gradually rose in the railroad
world. His early training- was under
Paul Morton, when the latter was head
of the traffic department of the Bur
lington system. In the employ of the
Santa Fe Company he was first a chief
clerk to the assistant general freight
agent, later assistant general freight
agent, then a general freight agent,
and finally, in January, 1904, he was
appointed assistant freight traffic man
ager with headquarters in Chicago.
ACCUSES LEGISLATORS
OF "WHITEWASH" PLOT
Illinois Representative Attempts to
Add to the Details of Alleged
Boodling.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Feb. 6.—Rep
resentative Frank D. Comerford, au
thor of the charges of corruption that
precipitated the legislative investiga
tion now in progress, gave his fellow
lawmakers to-day a still greater
shock. He attempted to read what he
called a bill of particulars, reinforcing
his attack and giving charges in de
tail far more sweeping. The commit
tee declined to hear the document
read. After a half-hour's deliberation
the committee announced that a full
investigation would be made of every
thing touched upon in the bill. A
heated wrangle ensued. Co*nerford in
timated that there was bad faith and
an attempt to whitewash.
Representative Lurton testified be
fore the House Investigating Commit
tee this afternoon that an attempt
had been made to bribe him in con
nection with the Democratic leader
ship in the House. He named Rich
ard Kinsella. a prominent Democratic
politica l leader of Sangamon County,
as the man who made the attempt.
ANOTHER EXCURSION.
Thousands Visit the Grand Canyon.
The Santa Fe's successful excursions
to the Grand Canyon of Arizona will be
continued on Saturday, the 11th, and
Wednesday, the 22nd of February. The
rate, thirty dollars for the round trip, is
the lowest ever made. See this great
gorge, three hundred times bigger than
Yosemite Valley — the Grand Canyon of
Arizona is tho biggest beautiful thins in
the world. Now is the time to make the
trip and see the gigantic gulf in Its most
beautiful aspects. There are two trains
daily from San Francisco, Oakland and
Berkeley to the very rim of the Canyon.
For particulars of the most luxurious
and the most economical ways to go, ad
dress the Pnnta Fe, 641 Market street,
San Francisco. •
KNOWN WIVES OF HOCH
NOW NUMBER THIRTY-ONE
New York Polfe* Add to the List of
the Bigamist's Many
3larriaitos.
NEW YORK Feb. 6. — The New
York police announced to-day that
they had discovered two other women
whom Johann Hoch had married. One
of them, the police said, is Mrs. Min
nie Westphal of Jersey City, whom
Hoch is said to havo married in 1898
under the name of William Frederick
Bessing. According to the police,
Hoch made her acquaintance through
a newspaper advertisement and got
$900 belonging to her. The name of
the other woman is not disclosed by
the police, but they say Hoch married
her in 1897 an 1 obtained $20$ from
her.
These additions bring the total
number of Hoch's wives up to thirty
ono.
Detectives working on the Hoch
case said to-day that a glass tube con
taining a white powder believed to be
poisonous was found last week in
apartments formerly occupied by
Hoch in this city. The tube was about
six inches long and was covered at
one end with an inflated rubber bulb,
which was used to eject the powder.
The Nipcn School of Jiu-Jitsu. 12S1
Market st.. Majestic Bidg., is giving in-
Btruction. both private and class, iti that
wonderful Japanese science of aelf-de-
Xense, •
NOBLES APPEAL TO NICHOLAS
ON BEHALF OF PEOPLE.
Ask That Representation .
Be Granted the Masses
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 6.— The As
sembly of Nobles of St. Petersburg to
day adopted an address to Emperor
Nicholas, congratulating him on the
birth of the heir to the throne and as
suring him of the confidence of the na
tion. The address asserts that the
union between the autocratic monarch
and his devoted nation is unshaken by
recent events at home and abroad, begs
his Majesty to permit of representa
tives of the whole people participating
in the discussion and legislation on
Government measures, and says:
Sire: "We have met in troublous times.
Foes are attacking us. their aim. being to bring
Russia to a shameful peace and bring to
naught the system of government which has
been sanctioned by centuries. A way out of
the difficulties must be found. We realize
that every word addressed by your Majesty
in this painful hour is weighted with grave
responsibility. We are all witnesses to your
Majesty's efforts to secure the welfare of Rus
sia. The decree of December '2't revived the
hopes of your subjects, who saw therein the
true salvation of the fatherland.
This is not the first time dark clouds have
lowered over Russia; but, despite former
efforts to shake the basis of the Government,
the country becanif stronger and advanced
proudly and puis^antly along the path of
progress. From union between an autocratic
monarch and a devoted nation Russia has
ever derived a strength which neither the
foreign foe nor trouble at home could exhaust.
Sire, the nobility of St. Petersburg are con
vinced that this union is unshaken and must
prevail. With tli° aid of God our valiant
troocs. who are not sparing their lives for th--
Emperor and the fatherland, will crown the
Russian arms with fresh glory and troubles at
home will cease.
Sire, the whole nation awaits with eagerness
the fuinilment of ' the Imperial will; but offi
cials and statesmen, of whatever qualities and
zeal, cannot solve all the questions of the na
tion's life. Your forefathers harkened to th«>
voice of Russians elected by the nation, and
this custom, so far from weakening, strength
ened the autocracy and aided it to attain its
present greatness.
Sire, order now that elected representatives
of the country may raise their voices to the
throne and participate, in accordance with your
sovereign direction, in legistlation and the dis
cussion of governmental measures. The nobles
of St. Petersburg sincerely believe that, pro
vided union of the throne and nation »s sup
ported with confidence on the part of the Em
peror, internal troubles will vanish and that all
Russia will rise and serve the sovereign faith
fully for the salvation and glory of the country
and the confusion of Us enemies.
The address was adopted— lsß to 20.
The workmen here have decided to
petition the Emperor to receive a depu
tation chosen by themselves, on the
ground that the deputation recently
received by him at Tsarskoe Selo was
chosen by the masters and was in no
sense representative of the workmen.
Nothing is known here of the report
ed charging by Cossacks upon rioting
women at Rostoff-on-Don.
Mme. Kuga. the opera singer, who,
alluding to the events of January 22,
recently congratulated the military on
•Russia's first victory," has been ex
pelled from Russia.
The report published in the United
States of a mutiny of 6000 reservists at
Peterhof, who are said to be under ar
ROOTED REBELS
SUE FOR PEACE
BUENOS AYRES, Feb. 6.—Govern
ment troops attacked the rebels, who
had fortified themselves at Mendoza, at
dawn to-day. Soon afterward the rebel
leaders fled to the mountains and the
men surrendered unconditionally. The
rebels had sacked the local branch of
the National Bank of Buenos Ayres
and seized $300,000. Numerous arrests
have been made and the city is now
quiet.
Late information shows that the in
surrectionary movement is now re
stricted to Cordoba. Generals Wintter,
Bravides, Garcia and Roca, with
largely superior forces, are surround
ing the city. The rebels are holding
Senator Yofre.
The Buenos Ayres police have seized
a quantity of guns and revolvers; also
many copies of manifestos and revolu
tionary documents.
The onl.- group of rebels in the
province of Buenos Ayres, 170 men
strong, has been defeated near Piro
va#io station. Two officers and seven
men were killed and 121 surrendered.
The rest, with Commandant Villama
hor, are retreating and Government
troops are in pursuit.
The insurrection is admitted to have
been a failure, and the Government
now has matters well in hand. Yes
terday the military rebels at Cordoba
endeavored to make terms with the
Government by offering to surrender if
they were absolved, and permitted to
retain their rank, threatening that if
these conditions were refused they
would hold as hostages Dr. Alcorta.
the Vice President of the republic, and
other notable personages surprised and
captured In that city on Saturday.
President Qulntana declined to listen
to any compromise, adding that rebels
had no rights as combatants and would
be amenable to military law.
The prompt suppression of the out
break would indicate the absence of all
the usual elements of a revolution. The
rising was purely military and was
limited In Its proportions.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— Beaupre.
the American Minister at Buenos
Ayres, in a cablegram received at the
State Department to-day, gays that
tranquillity has been restored there;
that the Government will be able to
suppress the uprising without serious
military operations, and that martial
law has been proclaimed in the repub
lic for thirty days. The Minister adds
that public opinion generally condemns
the revolutionary movement and that
business is progressing In the city as
usual.
WOULD HAVE CANADA PLACE j
A HIGH DUTY OX LUMBER
Toronto Association Favors It as a
Measure Against American
Manufacturers.
TORONTO. Ontario, Feb. 6. — The
Ontario Lumbermen's Association has
sent a deputation to Ottawa to request
a duty of $2 per thousand on lumber
imported into Canada. The associa
tion states that, whereas in 1903 the
total imports aggregated 60.000,000
feet, the record for 1904 showed tota.l
imports o* 140,000.000 feet. The Brit
ish Columbia manufacturers claim
that the American manufacturers
have pursued the policy of dumping
the lower grades of lumber in Canada.
HUMANE SOCIETY OFFICER
GETS FIVE YEARS IN JAIL.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 6. — C. M. Car
penter, a former officer of the humane
society, convicted of manslaughter, for
the killing of C. David Frey at a cock
fight near Los Angeles last summer,
was to-day sentenced to five years in
the penitentiary.
rest in their barracks, is grossly exag
gerated. As a matter of fact, there has
been some disaffection, but no case of
open mutiny.
Lessner's torpedo factory here re
sumed work to-day. The managers dis
missed the employes in obedience to
Governor General Trepoff's orders and
then re-engaged them.
SOLDIERS GUARD FACTORIES.
Conflicts Occur Betweeiv Cossacks
and Strikers.
LODZ, Russian Poland. Feb. 6. — A
few factories were enabled to partially
resume work this morning, through
the return of some of the employes.
The majority of the strikers, however,
are still out and attempts are being
made to prevent workmen' returning
to their employment. Soldiers are
guarding 1 the factories and they do not
permit malcontents to enter. Several
conflicts occurred between Cossacks
and strikers at the Geiner factory,
where the latter sought to intimidate
the men returning to work. A Cos
sack and a workman were killed and
fifteen strikers were wounded.
TIFLIS, Feb. 6. — A crowd of 300
strikers carrying red flags invaded the
center of the town Sunday morning,
distributing proclamations and firing
revolvers at gendarmes who tried to
seize the flag?. Two of the gendarmes
were severely wounded with bullets
and a third with a dagger. The police
dispersed the demonstration, arrested
thirty persons and pursued the others
into a tavern, where several of the
rioters were so badly injured that they
had to be sent to the hospitals.
BATOUM. Caucasia. Feb. 6. — With
the exception of one factory which is
partiafry working, all the factories
and oil wells and many warehouses
and shops are closed because of the
strike. The prices of foodstuffs have
risen. Patrols manage to maintain
order among the crowds in the streets,
but all traffic is suspended. The Sam
tredi Railroad station and several
miles of the railroad have been will
fully damaged.
WARSAW, Feb. 6. — The town is
quiet. The workmen of the large
factories and bakeries are still on
strike, tbe masters refusing to concede
their demands. Soldiers are still op
erating the gas works.
Advices from Kalitz say the strike
situation is serious. There are con
tinuous conflicts between the military
and the strikers. Twenty of the latter
have been killed and many strikers
and others wounded.
MOSCOW. Feb. 6. — The strike of
street car conductors here ended to
day. The municipality granted the
demands of the men.
MOXS, Belgium, Feb. 6. — The strike
situation here has become serious.
There are 16,000 men out.
TAKES SECRET
TO THE GRAVE
Special Dispatch to The Call-
TACOMA, Feb. 6.— With the death of
John Smith, a well-known character of
Tacoma, on Saturday night, the secret
location of a placer gold mine said to
be fabulously rich has been lost.
Smith was an old man, with few
friends and no family. Once each year
he has made a solitary pilgrimage into
the Cascade Mountains. Just where or
how he went no one knows, but after
an absence of only a few weeks each
summer he would return with from one
to two thousand dollars 'worth of gold
dust. Friends tried unsuccessfully to
learn the secret of his riches from the
old man and several have tried to fol
low him into the rocky fastnesses of
the foothills.
Soon after his return from the moun
tains last summer Smith was taken
sick and for a long time occupied a
room in a hospital. Saturday night he
was taken with a hemorrhage of the
lungs, and realizing that he was about
to die he started to tell a friend who
was with him the location of his mine.
Before he could give full directions
how to reach the place he died, and his
secrsi; will be buried with his body.
SAVES HIS COMPANIONS
AT * COST OF OWN LIFE
•Jolin McLaren of Wealthy Family
Dies in Vancouver After a
Long". Swim.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Feb. 6. — John
McLaren, r^sfding here and a mem
ber of the well-known millionaire
lumber family of Ottawa, died of
exposure as a result of a mis
hap which befell him while hunt
ing. With two friends McLaren
started out duck shooting from Bar
net. B. C, in a canvas canoe. By acci
dent McLaren fell in the water. In an
endeavor to help him into the canoe
the craft became filled with water.
McLaren was the best swimmer and
helped his companions upon a floating
log. while he undertook to swim
ashore. He reached shore in an ex
hausted condition and his death fol
lowed several hours later. His com
panions were rescued.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6— Secret \ry Tart,
after a visit to the President, said that head
quarters are to be established by the Panama
Canal Commission for the Young Men's Chris
tian Association at four points in the canal
zone — Ancon. Colon. Culebra and Emperador.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
-. - ■ - -■■. Ouidi ßtf it ■ eomfMmt ■*••■• emu »y • lerahi. * ,
GOING*! GrQING^I! GONE!!!
(Z) £ .©/ © /
kmwik inul*Tf It. w» teioc »ni uit rr. munm ■■»■
n^-\evit^- I^DV rAt/r wortai«i>.b«tßofaayofthei were 4es>fe<rjr
LION T URY r AlVfc so Chronk baldness is incuriHe bat Itt fore-
; . *'■■• . -v. ..-.-;.:- ..,w..., : i-\, :.;s;s;^ ■'■;--::-. f v,'-:=.-a-.-£ runners, dandruff. HcMne; scalp and faillnr hair.
'. The mere mention bl "hair remedy" throws mbm caa be cured by sto* ptar the microbk growth wtth >
' I aefi Into a fit of unreasonable Incredulity. 111 1 Is Newbro'e > Herplciie. -. It ■ prevents relnf ection.
I true that before the mlcroblc origin of baldness Money back If assatisfaciory. Dellchtrul balr
■' was discovered that most hair remedies were dressing;. Stops Itching of scalp Instantly.
One Stores, JI M. Sal 10c, staaps. t« ROPICiQE CO.. NpL I. Mrtß. Hca.. fir a sa^e.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIGINAL remedy tb*t"kUls tbe Dead cm ft Oera."
APPU:OATIOHB AT WOMnrgHT BABBEB SJOPS.- - **-..
PRINCE TO VISIT
UNITED STATES
Louis of Battenberg: Will
Command British Cruiser
Squadron on a Voyage
ADMIRER OF AMERICA
Opportunity Afforded to Re
pay v His Courtesies to
Uncle Sam's Naval Men
LONDON, Feb. 6. — No British
cruiser squadron will leave England at
the end of February on a cruise
around the world under the com
mand of the Prince of Wales. The
Admiralty official who gave this de
nial of the story added that no prepa^
rations were being made at present
for any cruise by the Prince of Wales.
The second cruiser squadron, com
manded by Rear Admiral Prince Louis
of Battenberg. will be inspected by the
King off Portsmouth at the end of
the month and it will then start on a
cruise of several months with the ob
ject of showing the British flag in dis
tant waters. The squadron will visit
American ports.
The exact date and details of th»
squadron's cruise in American waters
have not yet been decided, but it will
follow a three months" cruise in the
Mediterranean. Captain Stockton, the
American naval attache, expects to
receive shortly the itinerary from the
Admiralty and after that will take up
the matter with the Navy Department
in Washingon. Captain Stockton, who
is a personal friend of Prince Louis
of Battenberg, said to-day:
There Is none worthier than Prince Louis of
Battenburg of a hearty reception by the Amw.
ican navy and people. He is a moat stanch
admirer and friend of America and his visit
will afford an opportunity for the return of
the compliments he has heaped upon American
naval officers on the occasion of their visits to
England.
j GOVERNMENT WILX NOT BIT
IMPERIAL WATER SYSTEM
Reclamation Bureau Reaches Decision
Concerning Southern California
Irrigation Works.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 6. — President
A. H. Heber of the California Develop
ment Company, who lately returned
from Washington, D. C, where he had
gone in an endeavor to dispose of the
property of his company to the Na
tional Government, to-day received
dispatches from his attorneys in
Washington stating that the law de
partment of the Reclamation Land
Bureau had ruled that the Govern
ment could not acquire the property
of this company.
The company owns the irrigation
system of the Imperial Valley, in
Southern California, part of which,
consists of canals in Mexico. The
property is .valued at about $3,000.
000. For some time negotiations have
been on between representatives of the
development company, the National
Government and the settlers in the
valley affected, looking toward the ac
quirement of the property by the Fed
eral Government for operation in con
nection with other extensive irriga
tion projects along the Colorado
River.
PRESIDENT OF ELECTRIC
RAILROAD WILL RESIGN
John A. McNear of Petaluma Line to
Give Attention to Another
Project.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 6.— At to-mor- !
row's meeting of the directors of the
Petaluma and Santa Rosa Electric j
Railway Company. President John A. i
McNear will present his resignation.
AlcNear will resign in order to give
his undivided attention to his Point
Pedro project, which includes the con
struction of the electric road from
Petaluma to that point. A ferry serv
ice to San Francisco will be part of '
the equipment of the new road. Mc-
Ntar is a well-known pioneer banker
of Petaluma.
STANFORD WOMEN TO EDIT
COLLEGE HUMOROUS PAPER
Miss K. R. Mcrrielees and Assistants
to Have Charge of the
"Chaparral."
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 6.
Following an old custom, the women
of the university will take charge of
this month's edition of the "Chapar
ral," the Stanford humorous paper. '
Miss E. R. Mefrielees, who is the edi
tor of the "Sequoia. " the college liter
ary magazine, will be in charge of the
| comic paper. Her assistants are:
Alice Kimbal. 04; Miss A. Richards.
'05: Stella Wynn, 06; Louise Davis,
'06: Edith Osborne^ '07; Josephine
Herron, '06; Jeanette Haywards, '05;
Alice Hayes, '06; Bertha Jones, '06;'
Ruth Gilbert. '06; Hazel Patterson, '0«;
Ada Ross, '05.
JCRY FINDS BENTLEY
DIED OF HEART FAILURE
Police Unable to Locate the Mysteri
ous Woman Who Was With
Him.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 6. — The Coro
ner's jury in the case of Rev. C. E. '
Bontley of Lincoln, Neb., who died
suddenly under mysterious circum
stances in a lodging house in this city
last Saturday night, to-day returned a
verdict to the effect that Bentley rame
to his death from heart failure. There
have been no arrests in connection
with the case, efforts of the police to
find the strange woman who was sup
posed to have accompanied Bentley
having been without result so far.
ADVERTIS£3rEyfs. '
Rheumatism
Weak Back
Diseased
Kidneys
CURED BY
Electro-chemistry
.Bead More asm: Testimony Balcnr— Kr.
Braun Eai Lived Many Tears In Sa^
Praacisco. and Is a Wall-Known and
ThoronciilT Reliable Geatlema*. .
"I saltered for some t.mp with rheuman-"n
ana la (lolng my work it was necessary to d--»
prttty heavy liftlna: at times 'and finally at/
back <aye out en me and 1 had to quit work.
The weakness and pain in the back *>- very
serious and I immediately placed my self* un-
der medical treatment, but that did me ...»
good. I wettt to the Electro-Chemic Instttut •
at lIS Grant aye. for consultation, an i tlf
Electro-Chemic specialists found that I *a*
not only suffering; from rheumatism, but thnc
ny kiiln^ys were seriousfy • aSectedU They
made a thorough examination of me and C
was sure that they had found the real cause
o; my trouble, so I immediately began a course
of the Electro-Cbemlc treatment. 1 tm Rial
lo say thar in a short time and at a small
expense I hay» been thoroughly -ur»<l."
(Signed) . PHILIP BRALN.
2Ctt4ia Filbert st.. San Francisco, Cal.
rnrp consultation
I lILL examTnation
Electro-Chemistry Cures Quickly. Perma-
nently and Cheaply "Without Operation. Con-
9umptlon. Catarrh. Asthma. Bronchitis. Deaf-
ness. Hing-lnar Ears. Cancers. Tumors. Eczema.
Blood Poison. Skin Disease. Rheumatism.
Xeuraljfia. Ivjcomotor Ataxia, Paralysis. Spe-
cial ' L'.srajies of Womra — Irresulartties, Dks- .
placements. Painful Periods. Weak Back*.
Dizziness. Faintinj? Spells. Special Disease* of
Men — Stricture. Varicocele. I^ss of Strength,
Nerve. Exhaustion, et . t
Electro-Ghemtc Institute
118 Grant Aye., Cor- Post St.
San Franclaeo. Cal. ip^'
Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to %
p. m. dai'.y; Sunday*. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Sep-
arate apartments for la lies and gentlemen.
fTE. S. BRIDGE & C 0.,!
g MERCHANT TAILORS, Jj|
REUOVID TO
\\ 112 Snt*t«er St*reet». II
il SAS T*LAXCXSCO. $.
<| Novelties in Imported Wear. !v i
OCEAN TRAVEIi.
. > -*S?'7'sSv Steamers of company-, or
s "^*^ for which It ia atent. leavt
fj/r ■■- X#\- I*ieTg » and. 11. San Frao-
(l I I For Ketchikan. Wranset.
I \ \|«A/ I Juneau Treadwell, Haln*^
VtKk. \\ " 3M/ SJtasway. etc. Alaska— H a.
«SS3__^^*y ■»-• Feb. 4. 9. 14. 19. 2».
March 1. Chanjs to this com-
•J^^rr 0^ pany*s steamer at Seattle, v
For Victoria. Vancouver. Port - — nienil.
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes. South
Belllngham. Bellingham— ll a. n».. Feb. 4 3
14. 19, 24. March 1. Cbange at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and G N Ry ■
at Seattle or Tacoma to S. P. Ry. ; at Van-.
courer to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka IHumboldt Bay) — Pomona 1-39
p. m.. Feb. 4. 1->. 16, 22. 28. March t Corona
1:30 p. m., Feb. 1. 7. 13. 10. 25. March 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anselea and
Redondo)," San Diego, and Santa Barbara-
Queen. Sundays. 8* a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Loe Angeles (via San Pedro and Rase
Pan Pedro).- Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey,- San Simeon, Cayucoa, Port Uarford <Sa»
Laiis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme •
Coos Bay, oa. m.. Feb. T, 15. 23. Mar »
Santa Cruz (freight only) 9 a. m. Feb. >
11. 19. 27.
Fcr Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose <\=>\
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa r:r>-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Tth of eac.i
month.
For further Information obtain folder. Rts>nt
Is reserved to (.hang** steamers or sailing; datea.
TICKET OWICES — 4 V-w Mmifnom-
ery »t. (Palace Hotel 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. TTe-Urbt Office. 10 Mark at*
C. V. DUNANN. General Passenger A«et»t. - "'
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
ASTESICAN XJVX.
Flymoatt — Clierboarsr —
New Tcrk Feb. Il*[PhiladelphiaI 1 * [Philadelphia Mar.* 4
St. Louis.'. . . . . Feb. 251 St. Paul Mar. 11 '
ATLANTIC TSAJTS7OBT UHS.
. Hew Toxk — Londca Direct.
Mlnnetonka... -Feb. , IJ* Menomine*' Mar. ♦
Manitnu ... ..Feb. 25 Minneapolis. .'..Mar." 11
HOLLAJfD-AMEBICA TJ3TE.
NEW YORK— ROTTFR via BOULOGNE.
Sailing W«!no<.,l],y« at 10 A. M.
Ryndarn Mar. . l|Noordam.....*.Mar. ,23 I
Rotterdam Mar. S' StatenJam Mar. 29
. . " US STAS UJTZ. .
2T«w York— Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Do»<r for. nicn »nd Parln. .
Finland .. . ..Feb. ISI Kroonland. .....Mar. 4
Vader land.:... Feb. 25< Zee land ..Mar. It
"WKITTS STAB UVI.
*ew Tork — Oueenntown— laveroool.
MaJ'stlcFeb. 22. 10 amjTeutonic. Mar. S. 10 am,
Baltic. ..Mar. l. 2 pinlOeeanlc..Mar.l3. noon
• Boston— ens town — lveroool.
Cymric Mar. IJ-Winifrwlian. ..Mar." ,15
nw YOXZ ASD BOSTON DXJL£CT
To the Medtterranean, • - .
Tia Azores. Oibraltar. JTaplea. Genoa. ■
. ■ . ■ > ■ ■ • Alexandria. ,
. " FROM NEW TORK.
REPU8L1C........ -*.......F#b. 25. April;!."*
fRT.TIC Mar. 18. April Z). Jun» W
ROMANIC • -Juljf •*
FROM BOSTONV
CANOPIC Feb. IS. \prll 1, \la' VI. June 2*
R0MAN1C. ......... .Mar. .1 1. April 22. June- .1
C. D. TAYLOR.' Pa»n«»r Agent Pacific Coast.
■ • 21 Post st.. San Francisco.
•ccmicSaSaCt. EF&"H*
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. ".' 11 A. " M-.
8S ALAMKDA. for Bmiiulmlh, Feb. H. 11 A.M.
8 S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck.
land and Sydney, ' Thurs.. Feb. '£i. 2iP. JL
IJ.ifBICILLSk BiOi Ca. Aiti.nciKi OfficloO llt-
tti ' ; imttr CBci 327 Maftei si. Fig I Paoa:' >:.
COMPA3JIIX 653SXAI.S TIU.SSATLaSTKUJI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Paris. _£#«■»
Sallir^ 33M&
Saturday, at I l ' *
North River, foot or Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upwsiti, .S««.
ond cUs» >• Havre.;* 43 ami upward. OE.V. ,
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES ANl> *
r*AVAD\ 32 ' Brcadway. . »ilu.i.-..n buiKlins*.
New York. -J F.'FUGAZI * CO. Pa«Me Coa*s
\ rents 5 Montgor.very ivfnm. ' San Fran«iect>. -
Tickets sold by ; all Railroad Twi A<«nt«. -^ . : .
- KOSMOS zairs. sah . rßAjrciaco
Passenger Service— S-.^S. :"A6SV.\S."* m*W
tons Captain Paessler. saUin* from San Fran-
ci«co Feb. 22 'for Europe.- via ports on,>»e«it "
coast'ot' Mexico.- Central and South America.
For rates and accommodations apply LEN DAL
M. GRAT. Mana 323 Market st. t
Tor JJ. S. Havr Tard Talleio. -V
Sir*. General Frisbie. Mooticeilo and Arrow.
9-13 a. m..'12-3Q p. m.. 3:13 p-m.. « .p.m..V SSJH '■
'pm. • Sundays. 9:4S a.m.. lt:M» noou. tt p.aa..
8:SO p. di. - Leave Vallejo. . T a.m.. 9 am.. I2:J» ;
p.m. 3:13 p-m. t*345 p.m. Saturday^ « »,m. -\
Sundays. T a.m. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m., p.m. ««
2. foot Mlstloa it. : phone Main lSot> BATCH
8808. ■ - .mmaSi
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
.>« m\ it *-ri:? > i ; ,s. ...... L . .... : . . l>r» t> rtetoiv
ADDItESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
jjohn mo.nau<;iit. ....... •• 1 -_ IZZ - iiii^*_*.'JJ:.*-'-*.i:ijl:_-_:j_*-v> v* JJ _ lanacci ;
riTm^TXOK*orrrcc. ANIi HAHKKT BTKEBT* BAN ITRANCISCO
TUESDA V . ~. i .^ • .PSBUUAUV 7, 1808
IS the Legislature doing anything to carry out the well digested
recommendations of the Governor for comprehensive tax reform?
Some piecemeal bills have been introduced, but the matter can
not be <l«.ii: with in that way. If any part of the present system is
to be changed the whole should be changed <in<j replaced by a sane
and simple plan, which will forever separate the objects of taxation
for purposes of Siato- revenue from those that yield local revenue.
This is distinctly a borne rule. proposition. Under the existing sys
tem our local governments fix valuations for the purposes of taxation
and arrange the rate. Then the State Board of Equalization takes
it out of the tnds of the local authorities and proceeds to equalize
San ffanascb *ith San Bernardino, Alameda with Sacramento, and
to raise or lower the local assessment as the needs of the State
revenue seem to require. In this way home rule is entirely over
thrown, and we have the annual pilgrimage of local assessors and
committees of Hoards of Supervisors to Sacramento to implore the
State Hoard of Equalization for mercy to localities.
It is said that railroad corporations object to the system of
unitary taxation for State purposes only. We arc not able to regard
Mich objection as valid. Surely it is more convenient to have one
assessment of theil property than fifty assessments, and then have a
majority of these fifty assessments changed and disturbed by inter
vention of the State Hoard of Equalization. One assessment and one
tax, paid at one place, seems more business-like than the present
plan. If the Legislature will so provide, the tax on corporations for
State purposes only may be supplemented by a tax on State licenses
of many kinds, introducing for the purposes of State taxation a num
ber of varieties of privileges and property that now pay no tax at all.
It seems to be agreed on all hands that the present method of
taxation is unequal and defective, unscientific and expensive. The
State Grange hat disclosed its defects, and no one has appeared to
defend 'them. Personal property should be taxed where it is found,
regardless of the residence of the owner. It is a fiction of the
kest character that the owner of personal property may have his
property in one jurisdiction, while it is taxed in another, because
that is his legal residence. Personal property is I mobile and in
come producing property, and its owner puts it where its capacity
is the greatest. If be can do this and then take up his legal resi
dence where taxation is the lightest and so escape taxation of his
property where it is earning profits, violence is done to all proper
principles for the equalization of the burdens and benefits of gov
ernment.
It is ■ great question and one of such absorbing interest to the
people that they will expect the present Legislature to propose some
plan for a complete change. The shortness of the session and the
devotion of much time to exciting personal issues may prevent any
action. But so it will be with all future sessions. The same reasons
that prevent action BOW will always be present. The session is only
sixty days. Time goes into settling questions of patronage. The
appropriations are for a great variety of objects, all of which must
be examined. It is no reflection on members to say that many of
them are better qualified to deal with the routine of legislation than
they are to frame ■ comprehensive and equitable scheme of taxation.
The few who can grasp a subject so entirely scientific, naturally
have much of their time taken up with other matters of legislation
that |«ire the order of talent which they possess.
Under such circumstances it is probable that but little will be
done at this or any future session, through the legislative initiative.
But the subject is of such pressing importance that it should not be
neglected. Even*' year increases the evil wrought by the crudities
and the cost of our present method of assessment and taxation. The
inequalities are becoming more glaring, and especially is the burden
being shifted more and more to country realty. Something must be
done; but how, and on what initiative? The Governor has done his
duty in the premises. The statement of the case in liis message
cannot he improved. It puts the e\ ll and discusses plainly the rem
edy. But there the Governor's power over the issue ceases. He
may urge the Legislature to do something, but he cannot compel it
to do anything. All of these difficulties have been encounterci in i
other States, and have been met by the appointment of a State com- ,
mission on taxation, charged to investigate the whole subject and re
port a bill for action by the Legislature, with arguments supporting
its recommendations. It the present session can do nothing else it
can give the Governor power to appoint such a commission. It need
not consist of more than three members. Naturally Professor Plehn
of the university would be a member, for he is one of the leading
authorities on taxation in the United States and has a high standing
with foreign publicists. A commission of which he is,a member can
not fsll to report a system of taxation that will rationalize the whole
matter and give us a •nple and economical scheme in place of the
crudities and inequalities from which the State suffers. Will the
Legislature understand that the matter is too important to be wholly
neglected and that a commission is probably the shortest and best
way to the needed reform ?
HAZING IN THE SCHOOLS.
WITHIN the last year nearly twenty school children in the in
termediate or prammar grades have been killed* or seriously
injured by their companions in the cruel process of hazing.
The wild and reckless pranks of young nen at college seem to have
set an evil example, that is followed in the public schools. Usually
the 1 aker and shyer the victim the more severe is his punishment.
The children who are led by a mad spirit of cruelty to inflict these
injuries have no judgment to guide them and do not know how
serious may be the consequences of what they call sport. In Ala
meda within a month one boy has been seriously injured and an
other probably killed by this barbarous practice. It is a mistake to
let school children fall into these habits, on the ground that rough
play develops manliness. There is nothing manly in cruelty, nor
in ading the personal rights of others. Instead of making manly
boys it makes bullies and cowards, who will do in a crowd what none
would dare do alone. Parents send their children to school to ac
quire knowledge and not to be tossed up and injured or killed.
The evil seems to be growing and the casualties are so numercms
as to justify school boards in issuing instructions to teachers to
admonish pupils that such cruelties must cease. The public has an
interest in the matter, too, and a part to perform. There is too much
toleration of the rudeness and lawlessness of the young men at col
lege, whose exar is responsible for the deaths and injuries in
the public schools. Because young men are at college they do not
gain immunity to destroy or deface property, nor to be rude and
rough ir. public places. The effervescent spirits of youth can find
play consistent with respect for the rights of others. Let it be un
derstood that young men do not go to college to defy the law and
lampoon their professors, but to be gentlemen seeking a learned
equipment for a career.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
The author ef "The Simple Life" ssys America Is a better place than
Knctand for one to learn the English Unguajr*. But he should come to this
country in summer when the baseball reporter Is coining the brand-new
English w«e4s that fatten each new crop of dictionaries.— Denver Republican.
K4Uor Watterse© wishes the Democrats to stop talking and take a rest,
The Republicans hare already determined that, the r>raocT»t3 are not to be
allowed to tike aarthtng ♦!••.— -Atlanta Journal.
Ttiose w!k» h*re md the jirte stories in the Boston macutees will not
fee"; surprised tt> know that the beat on* was written by % crasy woman in
Minnesota. Baltimore Bvn. V.
Mr Ffcipr*- with Ms model tenements. mak«s Mr. Carnegie* hero medals
took, tike mmII pieves ot fractionad currency ©X a frequently stated value.—
Ch'.v«ro New*.
TAX REFORM.
THE SAN FRANCISC6 GALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7. 1905,
KITTY
FRANK H. SWEET
AS they walked she told her com
panion of new plans. That very
day she had secured employment
in the blanket factory, and would
commence work the next morning.
Six months before she had come home
■ broken wreck— her husband recently
killed in a drunken brawl, her own life
■polled, as she thought, by the man
against whom she . had been warned.
But now, with renewed health and
resolution,' she was about to commence
life again, to build up from the wreck.
Halstead listened quietly until she fin
ished, then. broke out: '
' "You know there ain't no need for It,
Kitty. You know I've been' waitin' for
you to get BtrOBC so I could say the
same thing I did before— before you
met him. it didn't seem right to per
suade jcui when you first came;»you
were bo weak an' tired. But now you're
strong Main an' know your own mind.
An. Kitty"— his voice trembling *in
spite of his effortß at self-control— "l've
been waitin' a good many years. I've
neVer felt to marry anybody else."
Her hand rose impetuously to stop
him.
"But you must think to marry some
body else, Halstead," she said earnest
ly. "You're too good a man to be wast
ed that way. An' you must Btop think-
In' of me, for It can't over be, after—
niter what's gone by. I ain't much,
but I couldn't be so mean as to harm
a man like that. Now, Halstead,
please" — touching his arm as she saw
the grim amusement on his face —
"don't make me go on feelln* I've
ruined your life. There's Nelly Bocup.
She likes you, an' — "
Halstead laughed aloud.
"No use talkin* that way, Kitty," he
interrupted. "I want you, an' If I can't
have you now I'm willln' to wait a
while. When it gets too hard 1 shall
grab you up an' run so fast an' far you
won't be able to get breath to say no."
"I'm sorry, Halstead." There were
tears in Kitty's eyes, but her voice was
firm. "I shan't ever marry any man
to hamper him. It won't be no use for
you to wait and ask me again, ever."
There was much ploknrsH in the town
that fall- a malignant spotted fever,
highly contagious and one by one the
poorer portion! of the town were put
under quarantine. Then one evening:
Ha;ste;i(l helped what ho thought to be
a drunken man to hla home, and the
next day the man CRine down with the
f. vi r and within a week was dead.
Within an hour after Halstead heard
this ho was on his way to the woods
for what he said was to be a few days"
hunting. In reality, It was to watch
himself.
One morning before people had be
gun to appear on the ptreeta he sta«c
pered to the sidewalk outside the fence
of his sister's home, where Kitty
boarded.
"Mary, oh, Mnry." he called. Th*n
when his sister appeared at the door,
"Don't come any nearer. Tou know
that empty caMn op by the big rock,
Where we walk sometimes?"
Yes."
' "Well. I want you to send some food
and water there soon's you can. I've
got the fever. Wait." raising his TotOt
a little bitterly as she withdrew hur
riedly Into the house. "There ain't a
mite of danger this far. not for you
nor the children. I won't go near the
cabin till you get £he things In. so It'll
be safe. I'll stay off In the woods a
couple of hour?. Put please hurry, for
I'm beplnnin' to lose sense of thincrs."
"Halstead!" It was a quiet but per
emptory voice from an upper window.
Hatetead raised his eyes and tried to
nx his mind on what he saw there.
"Kilty. Kitty." he said dreamily,
"that you" Hetter go In an" shut the
window. Maybe the wind's blowin'
that way."
•Halstead." the voice said slowly
nnd distinctly, "can you go straight to
the cabin by yourself?"
"Course," Indignantly, "straight's
an arrow. But I*ll wait two hours."
"No," peremptorily, "you must ga
FASHION'S MIRROR
"A group of the latest styles in sleeves as skovrnin Paris. No. i
is an embroidered xvhite net oz'er green silk. Green chin on
ribbon rttxies form the trimming. Xo. isabrouti Louisine
silk, draped zvith velvet ribbon. No. 3 is a modish leg
o-mutton used in any dress [fabric. \'c. 4 is a simple shirt
waist sleeze. No. 5 is a cape sleeve for street costume,
-- trimmed with Pty'si^ernbroidery;\\ o.6is an evening
of silk cttd Itc*. Xos. 7 and art to be made '.up of keavy
doth or cloaking.
at once, straight. I will see about the
food and everything else. I'll have a
doctor there almost as soon as you
are. An' I'll have a nurse. I'd make
you come In here, but there's your
sister and her children, an' there's
children In both the next houses. So
maybe it wouldn't be h,est. Now go,
straight, Ftmipht to the cabin."
Halstead raised his hnrul to his fore-
"Will yon marry m«, Halstead?"
head undecidedly. But the voice had
been clear and incisive, and just now
it was easier for him to obey than to
think. So he nodded vaguely and
staggered up the sidewalk. Kitty
wat-hed him anxiously until she re
alized that In spite of his wavering
steps he was heading toward the
cabin. Then she hurried downstairs.
Mary met her at the foot.
"What do you mean, Kitty?" she
began wildly; "you're not going up
there to him, an' then come back to
me an' the children? Most every
body's died of the fever so far."
"That's all right. Mary." answered
Kitty soothingly. "I'm not comln'
bai k. You would't have Halstead be
without a nurse, would you?"
"But everybody dies most, an' you'll
sure take It," remonstrated Mary hys
terically.
Halstead did not die, but It was
more than three months before he
was able to leave his bed and totter
across the cabin floor to a seat In the
doorway. There he sat for a long
time gasping for breath and gazing
moodily at the distant mountain tops.
Kitty came to him there a.fter she had
arranged his bed and tidied the room.
"Doesn't it look good, Halstead?"
she said.
He did not answer at onoe, but
presently turnefi to her with a dreary
smile.
"I — I don't know rs It does, Kitty,"
he replied. "You heard the doctor
tell me it would likely be six months
before I would begin to do any work.
an' that my eyes an' hearln* wouldn't
ever be quite co good again. That's
Just the same as If I was gettin' to
be an old man." He was silent for
some minutes, then added: "An' that
ain't all. Kitty. It'll take every cent
I've got to i'ny the doctor. You see,
before you came I never saved any
thing. I didn't feel any need. What
I got I spent to help Mary an' the
children. I've only been puttin' by
CZAR ONE-EARED,
BELIEVE THE
PEASANTS.
The uneducated peasants in the
Cherson province of Russia have an
extraordinary belief that the Czar has
only one ear. They are confirmed in
their belief by pictures and photo
graphs of the Czar showing a side face
, view, and naturally exhibiting only
one ear. They account for the ab
sence of the other in the following
manner:
Some time agt> a deputation from
their province waited upon the Czar
and in the course of the meeting the
Czar is said to have stated that all
Russian land would be divided equal
ly among the peasants of the various
districts.
To this one of the deputation boldly
said:
"As sure as you can not see your own
ears you will not divide the land."
The Czar's reply to this was to cut
off one of his (the Czar's) ears, which
he placed upon the table, remarking as
ho did so:
"As surely as I now see my ear I
will divide the land."
To this day the Cherson peasants
firmly believe that he has only one
ear, and unless the Cxar visits them
in person and proves to them by opti
cal demonstration that he possesses
the correct number this extraordinary
belief will not be shaken.
PAYS $200 FOR WIFE.
Wives at $200 are not too costly if
they are all as pleasing in appearance
ns the one who became the bride of
Salvantl Bessi in Camden.
That was the sum he paid her. He
told Assistant City Clerk Odell, who
performed the ceremony, that he felt
he was getting a bargain.
The bride's former name was Mrs.
Nuscio Culero. Her husband was
killed on the railroad, and Bessl im
mediately offered the widow $200 if
she would marry him.
He paid her the $200 In notes, sil
ver dollars and small change as soon
as the marriage certificate was handed
him. — Philadelphia North American.
WHEN PA GETS SICK.
My pa has got the stomach ache,
It's awful, I tell s you! ;
He rolls his eyes and tumble* round
And keeps us in a stew;
Ma put hot water on to him.
It leaked through to the tick)
ru bet ma wishes sha was dead
When
Pa
Oets
Sick.
Old Toweer seems to know something
Is wrong about the house;
tie does not even wag his tan.
But keeps still as a mouse;
The cat goes off and stays away,
The clock seems *frald to tick.
And we all walk upon our toes
Wh*n
Pa
Qsts
Sick.
He keeps ma on a keen, dead jump.
He wants so many things,
CntU I think she'd like to see
Pa fitted out with wings;
It's mustard — hot water fagn —
The doctor! Bring him Quick!
Oh. my! ' There's something doing here !
When
Pa
Oets
Sick.
— Troy Times.
the few months you was here, before
I was sick. What Is It?" for she was
now standing by his side, her hand
upon his shoulder, smiling down into
his face.
"Will you marry me, Halstead?"
He grazed at her stupidly for a mo
ment, then his lips began to quiver.
'"Don't, Kitty," was all he said.
"But I mean it, Halstead," earnest
ly. "I said I would never marry a
nan to hamper him; but I'm strong
an' well now. an* you're weak an' the
doctor says I can get all the work I
want nursin.' I can be making monej
while you're getting strong, and," low
ering her voice a little, "I believe I've
always loved you, Halstead, alwaj-s.
That — that "other was only a crazy
spell. Why. Halstead!" her voice sud
denly catching and then breaking into
a sob.
For the tears were streaming down
Halstead's face now. But he held out
his arms.
1905, by Frank H. Sweet.)
A REMARKABLE DINNER.
A remarkable dinner was served re
cently by a farmer near Ault. Colo.
The table was set for twelve and the
menu consisted of one 5 V* -pound po
tato, one 15-pound cabbage, one 10
pound chicken, one 6-pound turnip,
one 2-pound onion and three pies
made from a I^-pound apple. — New
Orleans Times-Democrat.
AN UNGRATEFUL MULE.
Old T*ncle Charley Renfro of Louis
ville has been up here for some time
trading old horses and mules and last
week an old mule died Just after eat
ing about twenty ears of dollar corn
and two big bins of fodder. Pap Ren
fro said if it had died before a
he would not care, but It eat and then
died. — Cincinnati Enquirer.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
WEIGHT IN WASHINGTON — S..
City. By an act of Congress In IS9«
the weight of a bushel of potatoes in
the city of Washington, D. C. was
fixed at 60 pounds.
PLOWING — F. W. M., Fresno. CaL
The question about plowing Is In the
nature of an arithmetical problem, a
class of questions that this department
does not answer.
,| WORDS — E. H. H.. Monterey. CaL
v In counting i the ■ number of words for
.an article for a newspaper or a pe
riodical - the : general rule *Is to count
every word written. " A and I and in
itials are counted trro for one word. V
Townsend*s Cala. Glace Fruits, la ar
tistic flre-etched boxes. Ie Kearny st. •
• ; Townsend*s California Glae* « fiuW ', ta
artistic fire-«tciied bcxea. 115 Market St.",
: J Special '{ Information supplied dally to
? r.ess hocses I sred | BSjMfci | BBSS Iby th«
Press Clipphiß Buresa (Allen's). 30 CaOi
t Xorai* street. , Tilnpoa— Mala liil, •
THE SMART SET
SALLY SHARP
Tn>r~aa D. Eastland entertained
twelve guests at dinner in the white
and gold room of the St. Francis on
Saturday evening. In the party were
Mr and Mrs. John D. Spreokels Jr..
Mrs. Forman, Miss Helen Wagner.
Miss Florence Bailey. Miss Grace
Spreckels. Miss Lily Spreckels. Harry
Holbrook, William Carson, Edgar MU
ner and J. L- Eastland.
Mrs. Emory Winship gave a luncheon
yesterday at the St. Francis In honor
of Miss Lily Spreckels. An exquisite
blending of flowers and pale green tulle
adorned the table, which made a dainty
picture with its burden of almond blos
soms, pale pink carnations and tulle
entwined. Candelabra, also of pale
green shades, gave a final touch of
artistic effect. The guests were Mrs.
Cosgrave, Mrs. Augustus Costigan.
Mrs. H. C. Breeden, Mrs. Henry Foster
Dutton, Mrs. Samuel Buckbee, Mrs.
Greer. Mrs. Spaulding. Miss Lily
Spreckels. Miss Grace Spreckels, Miss
Bessie Wilson, Miss Patricia Cosgrare.
Miss Helen de Young. Miss Constance
de Young, Miss Leontine Blakeman,
Miss Edith. Simpson. Miss Jennie Blair
and Miss Helen Wagner.
Among those who entertained box
parties at the presentation of "Mtzpah"
last evening were Mrs. Herbert E. Law
and Mrs. A. P. Hotailr.gr Jr.
The Sequoia Club rooms will be the
scene of a delightful tea next Sunday —
the first affair of its kind to be held In
the club. The projector of this pleasant
idea, Charles H. Lombard, has often
been a Sunday host in his own home,
but the gathering at the Palace will be
much larger. Mr. and Mrs. Richard
Walton Tully will be the honored
guests, and those receiving with Mr.
Lombard will be Mrs. Lewis H. Long.
Miss Eleanor Connell, Mrs. Albert Ger
berding, Mrs. Adolphus Graupner, Mrs.
M. H. Richardson. Miss Marie With
row. Miss Eva Withrow, Miss Adeline
KLnapp and Miss Ednah Robinson.
The Assembly dance last evening
was preluded by the usual number of
dinners, notable among which was that
given by Dr. and Mrs. Alfred Hunter
Voorhieß. The palm garden of the Pal
ace was the scene, the table decora
tions being of red carnations and red
candelabra. Miss Lily Spreckels and
Harry Holbrook. guests of honor,
shared the hospitality of Dr. and Mrs.
Voorhies with a dozen others, among
■whom were: Miss Grace Spreckels,
Miss Kathertne Herrin, Mr. and Mrs.
KING WOULD NOT BANT.
The Westminster Gazette tells this
story of Portugal's ruler:
A trouble of King Charles', which he
shares with many humbler mortals, is
his tendency to embonpoint. In this
connection amusing stories are told of
the efforts of Queen Amelie, whose
penchant for medical studies and ex
periments Is well known, to treat and
diet him. Eventually, it Is said, his
Majesty was compelled, like so many
others who have been put on a "diet,"
to strike and refuse to accept the regi
men prescribed, preferring peace and
plenty, even at the sacrifice of his fig
ure, to the ascetic life.
lightning Speed.
F. H. Qlew of London, England, has
calculated the time of a lightning flash
to be one-nineteenth of a second. He
obtained this result by means of a pho
tojrraph made with a vibrating lens.
which Indicated the multiple Image
taken and the rate of vibration of the
lens.
LIFE'S SUNNY SIDE
BTE WAS "OX."
The Fortune-Teller — There's a dark
man who is going to grtve you trouble.
Mr. Chargitt (absent.y — I guess
tbaf 8 the coal man.
WHAT DIT> HE MEAjf .■
Hix — A tool can ask more questions
tlian a wise nraa can answer. Don't
you think so?
' IMx— l StvtTit u»» ; . -
John IX Sprerkels Jr.. Nfrs. Malcolm
Henry, Lieutenant and .Mrs. Ei
Winahip, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas P
Bishop, Qrmntland
Carter Berkeley and Jerome B I
field.
Mr. and Mr* R • ; Waltrva Tully
were the guests nt | , Knapp
on Sunday at her home O* the slope or
Tamalpais. Thoroughly informa.
gathering was one of the most delight
ful that has taken place vi
Knapp's hospitabU roof: Thise asked
to meet Mr. and Mrs. Tully werf: Mrs.
William Dickenson. Mrs. w. r. Mor
row. Mr. and Mrs. Chester Bailey Fer
nald. Mr. ard M rs ,. Fairfax Wheelan,
Mrs. Gerberding, the Misses Knox.
Mrs. Dow of Virginia; Miss
Ednah Robinson, I harles H. Lombard.
Bruce Porter. Arthur Street. Charles
Keeler, Mr. Baraett, Dr. Bade. Miss
Wishart.
Miss Ethel Wallace and Charles
Fickert, whose engagement was recent
ly announced, will be married on
J£arch 1 at the home of the bride on
Gough street. The affair will be quiet,
guests limited to the relatives and a
few intimate friends.
Mrs. C. Frederick Kobl. who chap
eroned a happy party of lalds and
men to Del Monte on Saturday, will
return to-day. Among the number
were Mrs. Godsy of Washington, Miss
Anita Harvey. Miss Constance Crtm
mins. Miss Kathertne ilcCann, Miss
May Deering. Lansing Mlzner. Joseph
Tobin- Courtney Ford. Oscar Cooper,
Count Vanutelll and Edward M.
Greenway.
Mrs. F. Cans Drlffield wCI be hostess
at a tea at ncr home, 1917 VaUejo
street, next Thursday. Receiving with
Mrs. Drtffleld will be ilrs. "W. C. Mor
row, Miss Abbie Edward* and ML»
Kitty Snook.
Misses Helen and Constance d«
Young will give a lurcheon to-day at
their residence. 1913 California street,
in honor of Miss Helen Wagner.
Mr. and Mrs. Curtis M. Barker of
San Jose announce the marriage of
their daughter Jeannette to Alanson
Swain of San Francisco.
Mrs. A. D. Tourtellot will be "at
home" to-day in honor of Mrs. Joseph
ine Gro of New York.
Mrs. Ella Wheeler Wllcox will be
given a reception at the Palace Hotel
to-day at 2:30.
TOO WISE TO WED?
sflas Helen Gould recently enter-
tamed at luncheon at her residence a
number of little girls from a charitable
institution, according to the Detroit
Journal.
At the end of the luncheon Miss
Gould showed to the children some of
the beautiful contents of her house.
She showed them books, carved Ital
ian furniture, tapestries and marbles.
"Here," she said, "is a beautiful
statue, a statue of Minerra."
"Was she married?" asked a little
glrL
"No, my child," said Miss Gould,
smiling. "She was the Goddess of t%s
dom."
Ben Silent 800 Tears.
A modern church built upon the site
of an ancient one at LJanderand, Wales,
had no bell. A farmer offered on* t&at
was lying In one of his barns. It turned
out to be one that had hung tn the
tower of the ancient church and bad
not been rung for 300 years.
ML'STT BK. %
aMKh — Om apparently. si oce ef
these so-called new iiiiM—.
Estelie — Oh! ah* tmdonbtedly is.
Why. she's so fax a&ranced Chat she
no longer lies about her a**.
BBS AXIT3BTKT.
Ssarts* says he ha* * bbbbblt
tree.v-,,
I Jack— Ye*. HSs tsJMtty sssssf ••■»
'itby Cieir taiSa," ' ~; •ASSEMBLY'S LAST CALL
FOR THIS SEASON.
BRILLIANCE AND BEAUTY
CHARACTERIZE THE EVENT
TWO POPfLAR MEMBERS OF THE LOCAL, SMART SET. WHO WERE VERT
MUCH IX DEMAND LA?T NIGHT AT THE BRILLIANT ASSEMBLY BALL
IN THK PALACE HOTEL.
Last night's Assembly, the final for
the season, signalized the approach of
hammiK k days and sounded alarum for
•.withdrawal of festivity in her
winter garb. The debutante, with this
in mind, tripped more energetically,
her first bail seeing no lighter toe than
she gave to last eve's measure of time
and rhythm.
Dfaiii es are precious things from now
on, f'.r though society's booking
presages still a few, none carry a more
■d place among the smari
than ihuse of the Assembly, the first
the ranks of pleasure.
Hit Vuorhics' guidance and
for the happiness °f lne
paid tribute to its
r in animation not unmingled with
for the Assembly's adjournment.
With Mrs Voorhies were the pat
ses, all present except Mrs. Mc-
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. A.
•-. :rirk, Mrs. James P. Lang-
Mrs. W. F. Hcrrin, Mrs. J. W.
John D. t<preckels, Mrs.
I Mrs. H. E. Hunt
and Mrs. Harry Mendell also
ving.
Matron and maid, alike, adorned her
-oomingly, the Palace ballroom
presenting a revolving picture pretty as
. i.- illation might portray. Nota
ble among the attractive were the
following:
isian in crimson chiffon over
crimaoi. red rose*;.
Eleanor Martin, heliotrope velvet, with
bertha •
Miss Alice BoreC pink and white striped
plna rloth, with lace medallion* over pink
chiffon.
Miss Sophie BoreJ. white chiffon, embroidered
<•« over white chiffon
Mrs. de Barth Shorb black silk.
Mrs. Krauthoff. black tpaxigied lac« over
black <
Miss Elsa Draper, white silk with bands of
white beaded passementerie and lace ruffles.
Mice Bessie Kohl, gold spangled black net
over white cbiSon. /
"Once Used Always Used"
Is the verdict of those who have become acquainted
with the virtues and beauties of Lablachc Face Pow-
der. It so completely protects the c kin against the
unkind attacks of sun and wind, and then repairs and
makes better than new any defects in the complexion,
that every woman of taste considers it her friend for
life.
Lablache Face Powder
Is scientifically prepared. Its peculiar perfume is ex-
tracted from flowers and plants which possess sooth-
ing and healing properties and are also powerfully
antiseptic in their nature. Beware of dangerous coun-
terfeits or substitutes. The genuine bears the sig-
nature of "Ben Levy" in red across the label of the
box. There is none "just as good." If unable to ob-
tain it from your druggist, we will mail you a box on
receipt of 50c. Flesh, white, pink or cream. Address
BEN. LEVY (Sb CO., French Perfumers,
125 KINGSTON ST., BOSTON, MASS.
Mn. Draper, black satin striped genadine
over ' - : trimming of white lace.
Mr? Malcolm ITenry. K^ld spangled white net
ov. r white satin. y*»ilow rosee.
KathfTine H' rrin. pompadour silk with
ruffles of pink chiffon and white lace.
Mrs. John D. Bj ,:e-au-lait silk net
k. with girdle of pale blue Bilk.
Miss Maye Colburn. gold spangled white
chiffon over white whiffon. with orchids.
lira. Eugene Grace. Dresden Eilk with trim
ming of black velvet.
Mrs. Lindsay, stepl-beaded white net, with
fringe of steel and chiffon flounce.
Miss Elsie Dorr, white striped silk over white
chiffon.
Miss Roberta Deal, pale blue chiffon satin.
- Malsie Langhome pink flowered chif
fon.
Miss Gladys Deal, white ruffled chiffon over
white silk, with bands of gold passementerie
and yellow orchids.
Mies Jee*ie MrNab. white point d" esprit over
tr.mmf-d in bands of lace and roeebuds;
girdle of Dresden silk.
Mrs. Linda Bryan, white satin chiffon, with
bertha of duchees lace; wreath of leaves.
Mies Georgia Shepherd, white silk and net,
necklace of pearls.
Jeannette Deal, pale blue crepe with
pale blue point d'esprit ruffles.
Mrs. L. I. Coghill. pale blue chiffon crepe
over silk, with iridescent passementerie.
Mrs. Burke Ho'.laday, heavily embroidered
white lace over white Eilk; coral necklace and
diamond Etar and sunburct.
M.fs Marian Huntington. silver spangled
point d'esprit over pale green silk; girdle of
silver; pearl necklace.
Mrs. J. B. Schroeder. pale lavender chiffon
satin, pink chiffon ruffles.
Mis* Eugene Hawes. blue and white striped
pina cloth over white chiffon.
Mt«! Isabel Brewer, white chiffon embroid
ered !n pink and blue rose?.
Among the dinner givers preced
ing the dance wece Mrs. Burke Holla
day, who entertained at her home on
Buchanan street. Miss Marian Hunt
ir.eton, Miss Lucy Gwin Coleman,
James Talbot Power, Edward Davis.
DENTIST TEXXYSON ARRESTED.— After
long consideration Police Judge Mogan de
\esterday to issue th* warrant asked for
•ia Wil.wn, 37 years of age. for the ar
n»*t of Howard A. Tennyson, dentist, on a
chavCC of betrayal under promise of marriage.
T-nnyson was in court and at once surrender
*-<i himself. H« was booked at the City Prison
and released on $."500 bonds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1905.
WATKINS TELLS
OF BOARD WORK
Creditors' Settlements in
Twenty-Eight Years Show
Average of 48 Per Cent
MILLIONS ARE INVOLVED
Officers Are Re-elected by
Trade Body to Serve One
Year Without Exception
President A. A. Watkins of the \
Board of Trade of San Francisco re
ported at an annual meeting yesterday
that in the last twenty-eight years the
number of failures in business in
which the board has been called upon
to act numbered 13,472; that the lia
bilities in these failures reached the
great aggregate of $81,392,028; that
the average liabilities per firm were
$6041 57; and that the amount of re
coveries, amounting to $39,616,300,
represented an average percentage of
settlement of .4867.
This showing was used as an argu
ment for membership in the board.
Mr. Watkins said that "it is a matter
of record that the dividends received
through the medium of courts, in in
solvency cases, average less than 25
per cent. Our organization is a com
munity of interest. Every commercial
house and every manufacturer in this
city selling goods on credit should
become members of this organization,
thereby protecting their interests to
the mutual benefit of all."
Dealing with the commercial failures
in California Mr. Watkins reported
that the number in 1904 was 513 and
the liabilities in these failures reached
$1,4 98,127. In the preceding year the
failures numbered 406 and the liabil
ities were $3,840,017. The last year
therefore showed a decrease in the lia
bilities, as compared with 1903 of
$2,341,890 and an increase of 107 in
the number of failures.
Reviewing the commercial situation
in a large way Mr. Watkins found that
San Francisco now ranks eighth
among American cities in the matter
of bank clearances, and that in 1904
the San Francisco bank clearances
surpassed those of Los Angeles, Seat
; tie, Portland, Spokane and Tacoma
combined by $563,333,025.
j President Watkins, detailing the do
ings of the board during the year,
mentioned that the Board of Trade
had adopted resolutions received from
the Merchants' Association, which had
been sanctioned by the last named
body, in opposition to conferring the
power of ratemaking upon the Inter
state Commerce Commissioners.
Secretary H. L. Smith reported that
the present membership of the board
is 207. In the last year the cases re
ported numbered 1215 and action was
taken in 767 of these. In 34 cases the
loss was total
A report was received from Isaac
Upham, the treasurer, in which the
finances of the year were considered.
After the reports had been received
the annual election took place. A. A.
Watkins. C. R. Havens and William
Cluff were elected directors. The di
rectors subsequently met and elected
A. A. Watkins, president; T. J. Par
sons and Siegfried Nickelsburg, vice
presidents; H. L. Smith, secretary;
Isaac Upham, treasurer; and Joseph
Kirk, attorney. These are the old of
ficers, all re-elected.
HUSBAND WINS DIVORCE
ON HIS CROSS-COMPLAINT
Dentist Brown Troves to Court's Sat-
isf action That II Ls Wife De
serted Him.
Mary A. Brown, who sued Calvin D.
Brown, a dentist, for divorce on the
ground of his neglect, did not press
her charge and the complaint was dis
missed yesterday by Judge Hunt, who
awarded the decree to .the husband on
his cross-complaint, charging deser
tion. Judge Hunt also granted a di
vorce to Agnes ilacoraber from Frank
Maeomber for neglect, and Judge Sea
well divorced Edith W. Riffner from
Emory H. Riffner on the grourfd of
his desertion.
Catherine Daver, whose husband, P.
E. Daver, has a dry goods and notion
store at 110 Eighth street, yesterday
sued him for divorce on the ground of
cruelty and desertion. She says he
threatened to "stick a knife in her
throat." Judge Graham enjoined Da
ver from disposing of his $3000 stock.
Marie McDonald, who says her hus
band, Daniel, has more than $3000 in
bank, asks for divorce on the ground
of desertion. Suit for separation waa
begun by Frances Kirwan against
James P. Kirwan for neglect; by Mary
H. Trimble against Edward A. Trim
ble, desertion, and by Jennie Kraus
grill against Jacob Krausgriil, deser
tion.
SCHUSSLER TELLS
COMPANY SECRETS
How Spring Valley Worked Against
Gmnsky's Proposed Supply Prom
the Tuolumne River Watershed.
Hermann Schussler in his testimony
yesterday before United States Com
missioner Heacock, in the case of the
Spring Valley Water Company against
the Mayor and the Supervisors of San
Francisco, told several interesting
tfiings when cross-examined by As
sistant City Attorney Partridge. His
story was that when Engineer Grun
sky filed a report with the Supervisors
recommending the acquisition of the
Tuolumne River as an independent
source of municipal water supply the
water company took steps to defeat
the proposition. Schussler admitted
that he went to Hetch-Hetchy Val
ley and satisfied himself by borings
that a dam was practicable and that
the system recommended by Grunsky
was feasible. The company engaged
an attorney named Dennett at Mer
ced to stir the farmers to protest
against the proposal to take water out
of the Tuolumne and Schussler went
to the Secretary of the Interior to de
fend the company, he said, against
the slanders that were being circulat
ed regarding the purity and the vol
ume of the water supplied to this city.
The examination will be resumed
this morning.
Two Deaths From SUght Falls.
William Krueger, a widower, 85
years old, died at the King's Daugh
ters' Home for Incurables yesterday
morning from concussion of the
brain caused by a fall upon the side
walk Jast Friday. John J. McCormick
died at St Luke's Hospital yesterday
from the effects of injuries received
by falling upon the sidewalk last Sat
urday morning. Three weeks ago he
was knocked down by a street car at
the crossing of Market and Seventh
streets. McCormick was 62 years old\
and an engineer.
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions
in insolvency w«re filed yesterday in the
United States District Court aa follows: J. M.
Evans, bartender. San Francisco, liabilities
$1945, no assets; S. H. Williams, merchant I
Oakland, liabilities $2799, no assets. I
REMITS SMALL
EXCESS TAXES
Board Decides Not to Print
the Names of 21,000 Delin
quent Property Holders
TO BUY CITY CEMETERY
Accepts Offer of Site in
San 3[ateo County Subject
to Confirmation of Title
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted the recommendation of the Fi
nance Committee that the names of
some 21,000 delinquent taxpayers on the
unsecured personal property roll, whose
unpaid balances amount to one cent
or less be omitted from the delinquent
tax list of the year 1904. The excess
tax became due owing to the fact that
taxes were collected under the rate for
1903, and the tax rate for 1904, adopted
subsequently, was about one cent on
every $100. Tax Collector Smith re
ported that the cost of printing the
delinquents will amount to three cents
per name and the placing of house
holders on the delinquent list would
entail a great hardship in penalties.
A resolution was adopted accepting
the offer of the Brooks estate to sell to
the city twenty-five acres of land in
San Mateo County for $8750, to
be used as n. site for a city
cemetery for San Francisco. The
site adjoins the Chinese Cemetery
and the city cemetery owned by Ed
ward Kelly, one of the contractors for
the burial of the indigent dead. The
final acceptance of the offer is subject
to the City Attorney's approval of the
title. An appropriation of $5000 was
made in this year's budget for the pur
pose, and the balance of $3750 will be
raised in the next budget.
The petitions of the Board of Works
for authority to construct a concrete
parapet on grade from the beach to
the Cliff House at a cost of $4500; the
construction of sewers and macadam
izing the roadway and sidewalks on
Buena Vista avenue and on Holly Park
avenue, at a cost- respectively, of $500*
and $4000, were referred to the Street
Committee.
Formal juithority was given to the
Board of Works to repair bituminous
pavements and to use the funds set
aside for the purpose by the adoption
of a resolution on the subject.
Another appropriation of $400 was
made to continue the sanitary work in ,
Chinatown up to March 1, when it;
will cease.
When th" Mayor's message removing
Police Commissioner Hutton was about
i be read !> Ancona asked that the
reading be postponed one week to give
his Honor a chance to withdraw it and
make tin.- language therein less defi
nite, should he so desire. D'Ancona
■aid tli.it thr verbiage was hardly of a
nature proper to be put'on the records
and he* thought that if the Mayor were
present at the meeting he would be
willing to modify it.
CRUELLY TREATS
WIFE AND BABE
Warrant for the Arrest of
Wade H. Shadlmrne Sworn
Out by His Father-in-Law
A pitiful case of heartless neglect
of a young wife and child by a hus
hand enamored of another woman
was disclosed yesterday when Carl
Prazak swore to a complaint before
Police Judge Fritz charging Wade H.
Shadburne, his son-in-law, w : ith fail
ure to provide for his baby girl,
Thelma, 21 months old. Shadburne
Is a son of George D. Shadburne, the
well-known attorney, and ia manager
for a phonograph typewriting com
pany.
Prazak lives at 26 Joice street.
Shadburne, after his marriage, lived
with his wife at her father's home,
where her baby was born. It is al
leged that during the three years of
their married life Shadburne has not
contributed over $200 toward .the sup^
port of his wife and child. AHe left
his father-in-law's roof on November
30 last and ten days later returned
for his clothes. At that time he gave
his wife $10. Since then verbal and
written requests have been made to
him for money, but they have been
ignored.
Mrs. Shadburne is a young and
beautiful woman, but for the last
fourteen months she has been confined
to bed with inflammatory rheumatism,
which has temporarily made her a
cripple. With the best of care it will
be over a year before she is able to
walk.
What adds to her grief is the al
leged discovery that her husband had
been paying attention to another girl.
On January 22 a letter addressed to
her husband was sent to his office
and' from there to 26 Joice street. This
was in a woman's handwriting and the
invalid wife's curiosity was aroused.
She opened the envelope and made a
copy of the letter. It is as follows:
My Dearest Hampton: I write to tell you
I cannot make any appointment for Friday
or the near future. You do not know how I
hate to write this note, but it ls the best for
both of us ,It grieves me more than you
know. Forgive me this time and think of me
as one you know not, not as happy Sue of
three years ago, a llttla girl. I beg of you
not. to be angry for your affections belong not
to me. I am not a thief, so there. I may not
have It and it is a happiness I cannot enjoy
under existing circumstances, you understand,
and I can never be the one to ask you to
change them. You are a man now. Throw
off this frivolous delusion you are sailing un
der. Captain your own heart and soul, be
honorable to those you are bound with ana
Almighty God will never fall to reward your
sacrifice. A little trial that you will soon
become accustomed to and the fruits of which
will make you a happy man on this earth.
Wishing you all the good health and success,
your friend always, from silent, true and only
yours, __^ SUZANNE.
Goxernor Will Open Bids.
Bids for the construction of the
California building 'to be erected at
the Lewis and Clark Exposition at
Portland will be opened by Governor
Pardee at Sacramento next Monday.
The plans and specifications have been
received at the office of the World's
Fair Commission in the Palace Hotel.
While the building will be nearly four
times as large as the California struc
ture at St. Louis, it is estimated that
the cost will be much less propor
lonately. The principal materials will
be wood and staff.
BURGLAR IS SENTENCED.— Herman May
ers who pleaded guilty In Judge Dunne's
court to a charge of burglary, was sentenced
yesterday to serve three years In San Quen
tln. He broke Into the room of Louis Pltt
rofl at llP** Ellis street on November 2 and
Plttroff had a hard fight with him.
Ask for Log Cabin bread at grocers and
branch bakeries. Wholesale, 800 Qolorea at. •
NORTH'S ACTION
IS QUESTIONED
U. S. Attorney Woodworth
Formally Complains About
Commissioner's Queer Act
SIX WOMEN ESCAPE
Report of James R. Dunn
Presented by Accused Man
After Witnesses Depart
A dispatch from The Call's special
correspondent at Washington an
nounces that United States IMstrlct
Attorney Marshall B. Woodworth, of
this city, has filed with the Depart
ment of Justice a formal complaint
against Hart H. North, United States
Immigrant Commissioner at this port.
The complaint is to the effect that
North allowed six Chinese women, im
portant witnesses against / Lee Toy and
Da Silva, to go to China, instead of
detaining them here. Lee Toy and Da
Silva, the latter at one time Chinese
Interpreter in Mr. North's office, were
tried a few days ago in the United
States District Court on a charge of
attempting to import four Chinese wo
men into this country for immoral
purposes. The women swore positive
ly against Lee Toy and also incrim
inated Da Silva, but there being no
corroborative evidence to offset the
denial of the prisoners the jury chose
to believe them rather than the wo
men and brought In a verdict of ac
quittal. Shortly after the arrest of Da
Silva and Lee Toy, when the depart
ment at Washington was informed of
the statements of the four women,
James R, Dunn, Inspector In charge
of the Chinese Bureau at the St. Louis
Exposition, interviewed the eight wo
men who had come over with the de
fendants and the four women on the
steamship Doric and got statements
from six of them similar to those made
by the four women at San Francisco.
Mr. Dunn sent these statements to
Mr. North, who notified the United
States Attorney of that fact several
days after the six women had sailed
for China,
When Mr. Woodworth was shown
the dispatch last night he admitted
that he had filed complaint with the
Department of Justice against Com
missioner North. Mr. Woodworth
said:
One day last November Mr. North came
Into my office in the Appraiser's building frum
his office on the upper floor and notified me
of the statements that had been made by the
six women at St. Louis to Mr. Dunn. "Wh-ra
are those women?" I asked. "'Have >'ju
them in custody?" Tlu-n he told me they
had sailed for China eight or nine days be-
If we could have used these Women on
the trial of L* T»y and I>a Silva I have no
doubt we could . have obtained a conviction.
I therefore deemed It my duty to flle an
ofnYial complaint with the Department of Jus
tice.
Mr. North said last night that he
did not believe the United States At
torney had filed a complaint against
him. He said that the women sailed
for China on November 26, of last
year, and that he received Mr. Dunn's
report two days afterward. As soon
as he received the report he took it
to Mr. Woodwdrth. He said:
The department then took up the matter
and I wired them whether th»- wmuw could
not. be stopped and brmirht back, but noth
ing was done in the matter that X know of
and the affair was dropped.
FERRY POSTOFJ'ICE
WILL BE ABOLISHED
Mail Will Be Taken to the New Build
ing and Then Distributed to
the Trains.
The Postmaster General notified
Postmaster, Fisk yesterday that the I
department has decided to abolish the p
postofflce station at the Market-street j
1 ferry upon the completion of the new j
j Government building at the corner of '
Seventh and Mission streets. All mall
will be transported from the new j
building to the ferry in the most ex-
I peditious manner. The force now em- I
ployed at the Ferry postofflce will be !
j transferred to the new building-. The!
i Postmaster General says that the best i
; possible' service will be given. Post- j
master Fisk, Superintendent A. H. j
j Stephens of the railway mail service
j andr Harry B. Hall have transmitted
to Washington ; their report upon the I
• "comparative tests with automobiles
and wagons in collecting and deliver- j
ing mail-in this city. They made no
recommendation. They have report
j'ed that mail can be taken by the Mis
sion-street electric road from the new '■
j postofflce building to the ferry in elev
j en : minutes, but there Is always the •
I risk of delay by vehicles obstructing
I the railroad j track.
■./■■-■ • :■- :: — • ♦ ■ — __-■■/ ■.
HEARTY WELCOME GIVEX
REV.' FATHER McQUALDE
Loyal Parishioners of Sacred Heart
Church Greet Their Popular
New Rector.
A royal welcome was given last
night to the Rev. Father McQuaide,
the new pastor of Sacred Heart
Church and successor of the late
Father Lagan. The reception was
held in the basement of the church
and was presided over by Thomas H.
Fallon. Philip Fay delivered the ad
dress of welcome to Father McQuaide,
who made a feeling response. On the
platform with the new pastor was the
Rev. Father Philip Byrne. The pro
gramme was given as follows:
Chorus. Bacred Heart choir, under leadership
of Miss Hopkins: vocal solo. Miss Sullivan;
contralto solo. Miss Kittle Allen; clog dance,
R. F. Orennan; soprano solo. Miss M. Walsh
tenor solo. George F. Kelly; remarks. Rev.
Philip Byrne; soprano solo. Miss Nlcholl; wel- '
come, Ptilip Fay; humorous selections. W. J. ■
Hynes.
SOCIAL DISSIPATION.
A young woman from a nearby town, I
who was recently visiting friends in
Cleveland, was taken sick at the theater.
It became necessary to call a doctor from
the audience, and one promptly appeared
at the manager's office to render her as
sistance. After learning- her symptoms,
he ordered her to take a Red Raven. She
was sent home in her carriage. When the
excitement was all over the manager
said to the doctor. "I would serve Red
Raven to every lady in my audience if I
thought it would keep them well." "That
is not exactly the idea," said the physi
cian. "Thiß is a particular case. This
young woman has been suffering from
too much social dissipation. She has
been going somewhere every night for
the last two or three weeks, no doubt. A
theater with refreshments afterward, a
party, a late dinner and decidedly too
many luncheons. Her system has become
overtaxed. Had she occasionally taken a
Red Raven she would readily have stood
this strain. As it was, she allowed her
self to break down. There is nothing
like Red Raven for people in her condi
tion. But the trouble is they do not all
know it." •
Produce Merchant Arrested.
J. F. Morris of the firm of Morris
Brothers & Co. was arrested yesterday
by W. H. Saylor, assistant secretary of
the State Dairy Bureau, on a charge
of selling renovated butter. The firm
has been shipping dairy produce to
Caspar, Mendocino County. The case
will go before Judge Fritz to-day.
BRAVELY FIGHTS
WITH A ROBBER
Proprietor of a Napa Hotel
Saves His Cash by Attack
ing a Bold Hold-Up Man
PUTS THIEF TO FLIGHT
Thug Drops Revolver After
Being Knocked Down and
Manages to Make Escape
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Feb. 6.— A bold attempt to
rob the Geneva Hotel Saturday night
was frustrated by the courage of one of
the proprietors, D. Daglis.
Daglis was about to close up th»
hotel bar when a stranger who had
been hanging about the place all day
ordered him to throw hiß hands up.
Daglis obeyed, and was about to hand
over the money In the till when he no
ticed that two of the chambers in the
revolver held by the bandit were empty.
Quick as a flash Daglis struck the rob
ber and knocked him down and then
jumped upon him. During the strug
gle that followed the thief dropped th»
revolver and with a quick move threw
Daglis to one side, scrambled to his feet
and darted away.
Three of the chambers of the revolver
were found to be empty. The weapon
and a soft hat left behind by the
would-be thief were turned over to
Sheriff Dunlap by Daglis to-day when
he reported the occurrence.
Fraternal Eagles.
The Beventh anniversary of tha
founding of the Fraternal Order of
Eagles was celebrated last night In
Native Sons' Hall by San Francisco
and Golden Gate aeries of this city. A
pleasing programme delighted about
twelve hundred persons and was fol
lowed by dancing for two hours.
ADVE^tTISEaiENTS.
I The Evolution I
\\ or a
1 1 Coop Cook I
g£sg=g% i From NO extract I j
|r|J?S!»''^" 1 to ANY beef extract ;
|| J^^ I , then to the ONE I \
HhwlM I beefexfract — ' !
, #£sJ LICBIG
I^Kj company's! i
fl^PI EXTRACTofBEEF I
tsfesSc^j VVl{h Blue Signature |
ij^SSl ■ fDRR^fYHSS THE PHOT
• * i '* t^**^*v^ . i,— , ,— _.
— v^.V CAPITALISTS, ATTEimOHI . :
Just r« turned trom the tropics, wh«r» I
spt-nt about three years In practical study In
the research and • methods of handling; the
production of one of the world's most Import-
ant commodities. : I have concessions and can
obtain options | on about 2400 tons of a total
world's supply of 3000 tons. * Material always
In demand, marketable In the United ■ States,
England. France, Germany and Belgium. No
Inv-stment In machinery or any other doubtful
assets. Every dollar invested will be repre-
sented by so many pounds of material. Not
a treat deal ready money will be needed.
Banks will advance against documents nearly
its full value. By controlllns Its production
fully threa millions of dollars annually can b«
cleared for at least five years. In the history
of commerce nothing; like this has ever been
offered before the American public. Soon as
company is organized and options closed, ma-
terial must advance at least $1000 per ton.
This la a stlrctly legitimate business proposi-
tion and will stand closest Investigation. I
want to interest a few solid business men of
this city, who stand well In the financial world
and possess high executive business ability,
who will grasp the situation and take ad-
vantage of such a rare opportunity and assist
me to bring this matter to a successful Issue.
Have valuable and Interesting: < statistics,
samples, data, photos, references, etc.. which
1 will produce to proper parties. When reply-
ing pieast- give bank references. Address box
r *--''•>, Call office. '
_ :>: > ' ;' ' AMUSEMENTS. _ _" ■ ' /
GRAND S3*
: very tvening, Inc odiog Sunday
MATINEE TO-MORROW, at 2
Awe Xnrpirina; in Its
1 Burst* of - Splendor
KLAW S A ERLANGER'S SUPREMK
PRODUCTION. *
MOTHER
GOOSE
SEATS ro» SECOITD WEBI
ON SATjE TKTJKSOAT .....
t ■■■■■: ■■■_. I______________ — _J
orauiTVOLlias
. :. , Performance* at 8 Sharp.
POSITIVELY LAST TWO WBBKB.
GRAND OPERA
IN ITALIAN.
THIS WEEK:
TO-NIGHT "LUCIA." with TMrmMlnl;
Wednesday. "ANDRE CHENIER." with
Berlindl ; Thursday. "PEARL FISHERS."
with Tetrazzlnl • (first time in America);
Friday. ~\ "LA BOHEME," with Berlindi;
Saturday Matinee, "LUCIA," wltß Tetraa-
zlnl (last time) : Sat. • Xlght. "ANDRB
CHENIER." . with Berllndl : Sunday, "LA
TRAVIATA," with Teiraizlnl <la*t tlme>.
'/■•-■ SEAT 3 NOW SELLING.
i££f Concerts of Cld Music
DOLMETSCH
TO-MORROW (WED.) NIGHT. Feb. 8,
j ■ And NEXT FRIDAY * MAT., * -.30.
"The Music ef ■ Shakespeare's : Pliji"
NBXT THTJRSDAT '< BVENINO,' "TSB."'. »,
Old : Italian > and German Mactara.
The Friday Matinee has . been arranced
. specially ; for school children • and teachers.
Popular Prices '11. 75c and 605. : * "
; Seats »t Sherman, Clay 4 Co. 'a. f
';■'■ David '■' Bispham's ; ' Concerts -.' F*eb. i 21-83,
' EvenlEgs, ■ and - Saturday Matinee. Feb. ; 29.
" Mail 4 orders , addressed ■to W. . L. - Green-
: baum, accompanied by check or money or-
} i der, ; will ; receive ; Immediate attention. '
A3ITJSEMENT3.
f*ftl lIMBI m FBMQSCB<S
UULUIt]DI)4 mm Wia
• LAST 8 HIOHTTS— SAT.
Charles Frohman Presents
WILLIAM
COLLIER
la Richard Harding Davis" Fare*.
THE DICTATOR
Bertnainjr 2HSXT MO3TDAT IXOII
Lawrance Or say
In Augustas Thomas' Comedy.
THE EARL OF
PAWTUCKET.
BEATS READT THTJRSDAT.
Extra-Alhambpa
TO-NIGHT
And NEXT RATURDAT AFTERNOON,
MELBA
And Her Company. Including Stjrnorlna Bas-
1 soli. Harpist: Miss Davles, Pianist: Elllsoa
Van Hooae. Tenor; Charles Ollibert. Barytone.
Charles K. North. Flut*.
Orchestra, of Fifty— Paul Btetndorff, Con-
ductor.
Seats, 9* to tl. at Baerman, Clay a> C«.'a>
COLE JOHNSON ;
Robert H. Hodg* and Company:' Qulgley Broth-
ere; Newell and Nlblo: Happy Jack Gardner:
PROSPER TROUPE;
John and Bertha Gle«son and Fred Hooll-
han; Orpheum Motion Pictures and the
CARTER DE HAVEN SEXTETTE,
In New Soncs, Specialties and Costumes.
Regular Matinee* Evsry Wsdneedaj, Thurs-
day. Saturday aad Sunday. Prices — 100. 2Se
and 300. .
ff CALIFORNIA >
Edward Aekerman, Le— ee A Maaasac f
PAUL CILMORE I
In the Big London and New York •> I
dety Drama Bucoeea> |
"THE MUMMY I
•:: h n e° HUMMING BIRD" I
NEXT SUNDAY— The Odd Comedian. I
HARRT BERESFORD erf "Wron* I
Mr. Wright" tame. in his latest and I
sm best oomedy. "OUR NEW MAN." S
ALCAZAR^^rs-r
_____ General sfisajei.
TO-NIOHT— MATS. SAT. ANT> «U2f.
ARE YOU | jig*
A MASON? "£««2r
Don't MIM "ARE TOT 7 A MASON!" Bv«n tf
Toa Are Not!
Evgs..2sa to TBc. Mats to-day * Son.. 3So to 50a
SPECIAL MATINEE of Ibsen's Mastsrwark.
QHOSTS
POSITIVELY NEXT THTJRSDIAT AFT.
Lillian Lawrenoe and Harry Me«tar«r.
NEXT MONDAY— Splendid Ravtral.
OLD HEIDELBERG
CENTRAL'-s*
Market at., near Elshtii. Phone Boota 533.
, v
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS WJSJSUL
MATS. SATURDAY and SUNIX-Y.
Positively one of the, moat startling sotnls
sensations of a sensational age! -
A Fight for Millions
: The first submarine boat used on any stagn' *
| The genuine Marconi wireless telegraph sys-
tem In full operation on the stag*! .
I PRICES— E>e» 100 to QOc; Mats. 10c. 13c. 80.
Next— "THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS."
JAJEES 7. itttDOliU)
' Aad • a ffnlendld Show Erery A.fwaum
and EveaJna; la ta* Theater. .
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
' CHARLES BIGNET. World's Champion High
Diver.
RARE AND INTERESTINO ANIMALS "
IN THE ZOO.
: Amateur Slamt r - and Electrlo Toimtata
. Tnorsdsvjr.
Watch for THE CIRCLE SWTNO.
ADMISSION 10c , CHILDREN....... Bb
When Phoning Ask for 'The Chut**."
fiacn? jg& RatfE 1
New -'4&L- Jockey
Cairoia jw Club
OAJrXAXRD TSACZ.
Raetnc every week day, ram or shine.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
tIOOO Kandloap to Be Boa WedaaadaaW
>, r«b. 8. F*l»ce Hotel Kaadlcan, -.
taOOO Added, to Be Bna
Saturday. Teb. 11. .
For special trains stopping at the track take)
B. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 13:00*
12:30, 1:90, 1:30 or 2:00. Returnlna; trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:40 p. m. and tm-
, mediately after the last race. ■ «S^o-
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT,' Secretary.
M3SCELLAXEOUS AMI!S BTM Hl %' l*sy
j , i ■ ■ — «~ >^»
\ss^___«r^/ Continuous Vaudevth*.
N^^**^^^^. Matlneea and Evenings,
■ " 10c and 20c ,
PilliirA DONXPAILTOi
j COURT " XTounfinf
fl d roo xh EMPIRI
flUl f Parlor, ti»
a— 4 PALM room. *•
liniflQ LOUIS XVfpAH:
UiailU LOR, and th« LA-
Hotels »oom- WBmNO
I WEEKLY CALL, PER YIAB
910
DR. LEGGO REGAINS SPEED AND RUNS AWAY FROM TRAMOTOR
PLAY BILL WITH WILLIE DALY IN THE SADDLE FINISHES FIRST
BUT IS DISQUALIFIED AND PLACED IN THIRD PLACE.
Backers of Barney Dreyfuss Then Fell let© Lime
Dr. Leggo Outfoots
Tramotor in the
Run Home.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
Too much enthusiasm on the part
•C Willie Daly prevented the backers
of his father's horse. Play Ball, from
cashing their pasteboards, after the
fourth event at Oakland yesterday.
The distance was one and an eighth
miles, and Play Ball alternated with
Barney Dreyfuss in setting the pace.
About opposite the trainers' stand it
looked as if both Erne, the favorite,
ridden by Knapp. and Barney also
•were going to make It decidedly inter
esting for the Daly entry. Willie now
threw discretion to the winds and his
mount badly bumped both of the two
contenders mentioned. Every little
helped at the stage of proceedings, and
Play. Ball led Barney Dreyfuss out a
length at the wire. Erne finishing
third. On Knapp lodging a'cteim of
foul with the judges, the winner was
placed back In third position, the
purse being awarded to Dreyf uss, and
Erne placed second. The decision ap
peared to give satisfaction, as the
rcugh riding was apparent to all.
A track which was heavy and dry
in spots caused a number of upsets.
After four choices had been dethroned,
Cmcinnatus and Soufriere came
through, carrying ■ some big commis
sions.
Meada, a black filly from the stable
•f Bianchi & McGovern. was heaviiy
played at odds of 6 to 6 to win the
opening event. She displayed a spark
of speed and then falling- back finished
last. Miller's Daughter a 10 and 15
to 1 shot, backed dowi to 7, took the
lead in the stretch, winning handily
from Mabel Bates and San Jose.
A recent arrival from Los Angeles,
Agnes Mack took the Futurity course
run following. Piloted by "Kig Bill"
Knapp the mare outfooted Revolt
ihrouprh the stretch, scoring by nearly
a length. Greenock, the favorite,
eeemed slow in leaving the barrier and
after an uneven voyage ran into the
show.
If Charley McCafferty's Dr. Leggo
was short previous time out he was
lung on speed in the five and a half
furlong purse number. Tramotor, nicely
broiled over a charcoal flame, was
d at 7 to 10. the early comers rv
mewtuil under this. Th<>
medal brigade picked the twos about
xhf- more edible morsel.
Superb judgrment was thus shown, for
the favorite took a transfer for the tall
and uncut timber iji the stretch, and
the Doctor, which had been waiting
uith marked patience under Bonner,
sneezed in by three lengths. Alarie
landed E .odun third.
sibly had Modicum been wheeled
around the track in an invalid chair
■!d warrior might have won the
sellinp affair. As it v.-as he fin
. third, vainly trying to find a soft
tor his poor old feet. Oineinnatus,
ihe favorite, with Alarie up. ran under
lint to the stretch. Then given
:• ad ;he Rlute entry ran over Isa
nning with considerable to
is pare.
After a couple of unsuccessful essays
Soufriere finally annexed a purse. The
mare's price fell from T to 5 to 11 to It
in the betting on the last, a seven fur
run, and she won all the way.
rland went back in the betting
and encountering a gale off Shell
Mound Park and just escaping a loose
Chinese typhoon In latitude 23. near
Wash House Point, was docked in pier
S by Skipper Michaels. Foncasta. with
Knapp up, proved the contender
throughout, finishing a good second.
TRACK NOTES.
"Pack^y" Hyan was delighted when
h« saw the number of Play. Ball hauled
He bet SSOO on the Daly horse
df or S to 1.
Hal Anderson, who won the Burns
nandicap on W. R. Condon, leaves for
liev < 'rleanß to-day.
The cf George Wentworth
and Knebolkamp & Co. were shipped
to Los Angeles yesterday. Jockey Mr-
Uride Is under contract to the "latter
firm.
G«orge Baldwin recently telegraphed
from Ix>s Antreles for stables at Oak
land.
IV. Davis, the jockey, was indefinite
ly suspended by the stewards at Oak
land yesterday for Insubordination.
Success s«ems to have turned the
young man's mind upside down, for he
told his «.pent, Willie Harris, and the
Judge that he would not ride. He had
his age figured to the day and minute,
and thinks he can handle his own af
faire. An ice cap, a pair of martin
jralee and an undress rehearsal in the
v^ ADVERTISEMENTS. ' r ;
lIIHIMHHMmUHtMMHtMIMMMMm
BE A BOY AT 60 1
■ f~^^L There's no rational excuae for a man fl
r^XJiS wb lB not y* Bl Blxt years old Kruntlng m
it J^W and complaining about pains 'In hi* back. 2
mm 2Jk* r ~*"i£ . stiffness .In hl3 shoulders and legs, that 2
wflßß>r %Jf "tired feeling, 1 ' -weak back, nervea, mdi- 1
yflßHssWyriM gestion, constipation and failure of vital- f
J^wEmv^m ity - Tt shoul( not be. Nature starts «
■3*51 ERtA lYk/l l ou lth a oonstitiftion that . ought to 6
VgBS so! bbi^W V't X hay heid you good until you are eighty' C
*&3U&*B£m7 -V «v^H ajl<s you ou s h t to feel liko.a boy now. m
rBB^sV But you haTO overdone some things and 2
«>5*>«SF t oSraßr - wasted your vitality. You stm hay« the 2
Mg^^SF. -~ i'PSSr eonstitutlon, but lack the force. That's 2
J& WKr V_ nj electricity. You know that electricity j
K^ —"*•■ iM v 'tallty. I can restore It. C
fljggttsgg^ -A 'M ' Mr HA - I-<eiindorfl. proprietor of the 6
&&*%&s& BWB^LkHB Fernando Hotel, Fernando, Cal.. la a Q
ißg/sijZsS&JfflsFiffl aample of what my Belt will do. Mr. i
/^K^SSI sfiyS'SaW Lehndorff is one of the best known men m
£/£li 4H WSUKBBmS&SB in Southern California. He has been rea- 2
EBEKBStBNmk22& Ident of the valley for years, is a G. A. 2
4-^ ■.■■"*^B| **• veteran, and owns .the respect and es- J
ygjfSEflTwJisKa teem of thousands of people who know •
""■■ "',- him socially and in business. €
Wssfr Mfel^B' : Mr. Lehndorff. was a sufferer from the •
toSbI 'Ks^ft pangs of rheumatism for a long time. C
P* s ** lP&!lh, *** tried everything: known to dootora for (
AJH . \rai*i the trouble, and never got any lasting <
;.BIQ : : Yvjf ' . '--^S- benefit- until, he used "Dr. - McLaughlin'a " : J
li'-W \r'B»m =~ ► Electric Belt. He is now a well man. and ': \
" j^Wsm.'^ says he wlll praise the Brit for all time {
y * '*SSJiSir as the best remedy known for this terri- '
, _ ■ ' ble trouble. ~ ' ~ " '■(
I**ave cure* thousands of men who have squandered the «avlnr« of •
years 1b useless doctoring.. • m . ■ ■»»«ir» «h 2
■_ An old man of 70 says he ( feels atfonp and youn* as:he did at ' 36. : 5
That shows_ it renews the vigor of youth. It cures Rheumatism, Sclatlo
Pains, Lumbago. Kidney Trouble, banishes pain in a night never to return
FREE BOOK !t « ro * toda^' for m >- beautiful lllus-
i >l. "ww" trated book, wtth cute ahowing how my Belt is applied. J
ftofl- f»9dreadir.g matter for men who want to be "The Noblest Work of
rTA wwi*v t^ S a<S £ nd T wlll "" >n<l fhls book - free. <
.'■t£rZ D^^T If you can. call and see me and I.will show you how you •
can be cured and give you a free test of my .Belt CONSULTATIOX FREE : •
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin wSis *gg» s t
Office Hours: 8 a.' m. to Bp. m. Sundays. 10 to; 1. : •
SAX FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FOKM CHART.
OAKLAND — Feb. 6. Weather line. Track very heavy.
7S;U». FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; value to first. $328.
Indexi Horse and Owner. |\Vt|St. • H- *-i- %'. Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. : Cl.
ICtUer'a Daughter (Charles). ..JlOOj 2 5 »i-3 2 2 3 1213 IX Jones..: 6 15-2
7K02 |Mabel Bates. (G. Strobel) [lOll 7■o %6 2 "7- 5 >.i 2 3 |H. Mlchels •7-- 10
7504 iSun ' .-« m,. W. Wilson) (104 5 7 7 6n4n3ns |Bonner ... 0 12
7M."t jaiacene .1. H. Ezell) vr.JIOO 3 2% 2B a I^3 n 4 i:^ Anderson .. 8. 10
77:>7 |Fay Tcmpleton <O. \V. Dodge)! 95 64n3 «j 4 a 6153 L. Fountin 0 1<»
7^C2 ndvari (Mrs. Knapp) ..|IM L liti In 23 fin \V., Knappi 6 12 \
i77U7)jMpada (Biancht & Co) JIO3 43 n ; I^s h 7 7 |W. Daly.-.l 6-5 11-10
Time— :2f>. :52?i. 1:21%; 1:29. At post :!i: !i m<nutc. Off at 2:15. Daughter, place. 3; show,
y-5. Bates, place, 3;. *how. &-5. San .To«e, show, 7-5. Winner, b. f. by Belvidere-
Lind-?mere. Trained by C. J. Casey. Start good. Won handily. Balance driving hard.
Winner had sp-*>d and Jones selected the pick of the going. Mabel Bates showed Im
provement. San Jose no early spetd. Macene tired. Fay Templeton received no bou
quets over the footlights. Andvarl quit. Meada quit the cares of this life very early..
■_i .. t i-trTyV^J-VVvj-UTj-u-o---uT_r-i^^ .....-««
7»4«». SECOXD — Futurity course; celling; four-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. J4. %. %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
7347 Agnes Mack, f> (McClary) 105 3 ... 3»i 1 IV>l 2 1»i W. Knapp 6 7 ,
(7822) I Revolt. B (V. Gilbert) 109 j 5 ... 2?i ll^SI 2 5 H. Michels ,6.7
l7S2B)iGrtcnock, a (J. Wood?) 114 8 ... 6 l'-45 n 4% 3 % 'Minder .... >;2 7-«
-,^-£; Adirondack. 6 (Shannon) 107 1 ... AS 8 2 7n 4n Alarie .... : 7 10
TSUI Fort Wayne. 5 (A. Ross) 114 7 ... 4 2 3 9i3i652 Loague .... 6 13
7825 Waterspout, 4 (R. A. Bmltb).. 107 2 ... SI 9G 6 % 6 % Greenfield 7 10
781H Effer\cscence. 4 (Coffey) 101 4 ... 63 6 % SI 71 | Anderson 8 13
7t>os ducat*, a (S. A. Hoppas) 108 « ... 1h 4 2^5 n 8 l^Jßonner .... 7 10
7834 irianeur. a (Bianchi & MeG) 107 9 ... 7n 7 4 95 9 6 |.T. Jones 15 30
. Laura D, 5 (Ruggles & Co)..|100|10 ... 10 10 10 10 ; [Wright .... SO 100
Time—^.V-i. :52. 1:1 S. At post LU minutes. Off ai 2:42 s Mack, place, 3; show, 8-5.
Revolt, place. 3: show. 8-5. Greenock. show, 2-5. Winner, br. m. by The Hero-Miss
Rhodes.- Trained by A. Beebe-. Scratched —Lost Baby. Start . good. Won all driving.
Knapp. on winner, outgeneraled and outfinlshed Michaels on . Revolt. Greenock fiat
looted when barrier went un and compelled to accept any kind of footing. Adirondack
' bothered at start. Fort Wayne quit. .Educate like? lighter going, best.
-7541. THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs; r"r»e; 3-year-olds; value to first, $325.
InOexl Horse and Owner. WtjSt. U. %- % ■ Str. Fin. J . Jockey. Op. Cl.
7700 Dr. Leggo (G. W. Wilson)... 112 3 ... 4 3 35*38 13 Bonner .... 2 9-8
(7520) Tramotor (Mrs. J. Blute). 109 2 ... 2nlh 2^24 W. Knapp. 3-5 7-10
7520 Edrodun (Fitzgerald & C 0.)... 1 ... Hi 2»i 1^36 Alarie 8 9
770u Can't Tell (Papinta Stock F.) 107 4 ... 3 I^4 4 4 J. Jones.... 100 800 .
. jlnvoice (W. P. Fine) 108 5 ... 5 Pulled. up. Minder .... 100 200
Time— TlUj. :r»4\. 1:14. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:07. Lecgo, place, 2-6; show, out.
Tramotor. place. -1-5; show, out. Edrodun. show. out. Winner,- b. c. by Puryear D-
Sevens. Trained by C. C. McCafferty. Scratched— Prince Brutus. Start good. Won in )
a gallop . Ba-finee driving. There was nothing to it when Bonner let Dr. Leggo down.
Tram swerved frijm the ■ outside almost to the inner rail last eighth. Edrodun •
sllgrhtly outclassed. Invoice looked like a butter ball.
7642. FOURTH RACE — and an eighth miles; selling: 4-year-olds and up; first. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. WtlSt. % . %. %. Str. Fin. •• Jockey. Op.' Cl.
7.523 IPlay Ball, 4 (M. J. Daly) 104 3 In 12 2 IVj2 h »1 1 |W Daly... 6 11-2
7835 B. Dreyfuss. 4 <R. de Neffe). iio»i 6 21 2h In I^2 2V4H- Powell... - 4 6
7516 Erne 6 (J.. Curl) 10917 3 2',A3 »i 4 1%8 2 3n jW. • Knapp. 13-5 5-2
7516 Expedient, a (O. H Thomas) 104 2 4 '^, 4 h 6 4 n 4 1 J. Jones... 10 10
7530 Estoy Listo, 5 (El Primero). 112 5 5 2^5 n 5 % 6 5 h |Alarie 8 - 6
7816 Glenarvon 5 (Summers Co.). 109 4 66« 3h526 jMinder .... 6 6
E. Scruggs. 4 (Hoppas & G.)ilO7| 1 7 Pulled up. |Bonner .... 6 10
Time — :27. :54*». I:2{. 1:51»4. 2:06. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:33. Dreyfuss. place,
11-5; fhow. 4-5. Erne, place, 1; show, 11-20. Ball, show, 1. Winner, b. g. by Dorlan-
Nonage. Trained by R. W. de Nefte. Start good. Won easily. - Balance driving. DaJy
on Play Ball interfered with Erne and Dreyfuss opposite paddock. But for this Erne
might have won. Powell rode a more vigorous race on Dreyfuss to-day. Expedient :
could have won on a fast track. Glenarvon fell out of it when looking to have a. chance.
•Disqualified for fouling and placed third. . ■ .
7843. FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Indesl Horse and Owner. Wt St. 14 . Vi. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7534 Clncinnatus. 5 (Mrs. Blute).. 10Si 2 313 2 3 1%1 l\t, Alarie ..'.;. 2 5-2
7535 flsabelllta, 5 (J. Ronaldson) 103 I 2 2'£l 11125 25J. Jones ... 8 0
7830 Modicum. 5 (D. B. Fountain).. 103 5645 5 3 % 3 ns L. Fountain) 2 16-P
(7b35) Mr. Farnum, 5 (G. W. Wilson) ICS 44 142465 43. Bonner '....I . 8 6
7534 War Times, 4 (Mrs. Grosshm). 3 1 "i 2 «i 3 li£4 n 5 W Knapp . I 5*7
77t>9 The Fretter. a O'Rourke) 108 6 0 Pulled up. Minder :| 8 6
Time. :27U. :j3«i, l:21»i, 1:49., ■At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:5744. Cincinnatus, place, 1;
show 1-2. Isabelllta, place. 3; show, 7-5. Modicum, Ehow. 3-5. Winner, eh. h. by
Ornament-Emma l'rlmroee. Trained by J. Blute. Start good. ' Won easily. Balance
driving hard. Winner under restraint for six furlongs. Isabellita had speed. Modicum
was very sore and wlirda to pase up for a time."' Mr. Farnum ' sent ; his regrets and was •
placed on the waiting ltet. Too heavy for War Times. The Fretter core. - •..
7844. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; ; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325. :
Index' Horse and Owner. i IWt'St. %.. »i. Str.-Fin. I Jockey! - I Op. CIT
7826 Soufriere. 4 (Dayton & C 0.).. 105 2 24 1 1, 1 H 1 'i 1 2'fC. Miller 7-5 11-10
«587 Foncasta. 4 (J. Curl) 109 6 3 h 3 5 2 % 3 3 2 Vi W Knapp . 6 11-2-
TV:;.; Cloverland." 5 (J. A. Murray).. 112 S 1 n 2 2 3 6 2*i 8 8 H Michaels 7-5 11-5
7826 Circus. 6 (Mrs. C. E. Eckert).. 112 7 7 2%6 »i 5 5 5 4 42% Alarie ..... 20 .50 "
78V9 H McGowan. 4 (H. Rowell).. 110 5 5 n 5 I^4 341; J 5 iTravers ... - 20 :20
7815 Theodora X*. 5 (Smith & C 0.).. 107 i .8 8 8 7 I^B .66 :|J Jones ... 40 , 50
77!*: Resin 0 (M. J. Devers) ...... ilO'jjl t, 2^7 68 7 178 (Bonner .... 100 100
77;k* jChablis, 4 (P. Zelinsky) IC4 4 • 4?;4n«2 6^B W. Daly ... 100 100
Time, :25^. :52, 1:21. 1:35. At pout llj minutes. Off at 4:27%. Soufrlere, place, 7-20; show,
out. Foncasta, place. 8-5; show, 7-10. Cloverland, show, 1-3.. Winner, eh. m by In- •
epector B-Landsllp. Trained by F. T. Hinkey. Scratched — Bob * Palmer. Start good.
Won easily. Balance driving. Miller got away In front to-day with Soufriere, and there '
was " general rejoicing. Foncasta ran a smart race. Too short a I route for Cloveriand,
possibly. Circus ran a fair race. Others outclassed.
feedroom were resorted to some years
ago by trainers in endeavoring to dis
abuse a boy of fancy ideas and notions.
The association across the bay has
arranged a striking attraction for one
■reek from to-morrow. It is a rice at
r.ne mile, catt-h weights, with W. R.
Condon, Claude, HonJton and Dainty
as starters. Of course, if the track
should be heavy the latter mare will
not go to the post. A purse of $1000
is offered. -
The Fleur de Lis stable purchased
Briers from Dr. Rowell yesterday.
Jakie Jones was bubbling over with
wrath after the first race, in which he
rode the winner, Miller's Daughter.
Jakio. it appears, has been galloping
the filly for C. J. Casey, as well as his
fctable companion. Apple Blossom. The
latter is not overburdened with speed,
so Trainer Cas^y transposed the names,
ard when really galloping or working
Millers Daughter Jakie supposed hn
was on Apr'e Blossom. In the pad
dock yesterday a friend of the rider
asked him if his mount had a chance.
"X-a-w,"' said- Jakie, "this thing is
ro account. Vait till they start the
other one." Jakie puts a bet down
once in a while, and when he discover
ed that "the switch" had been worked
on him he was furious.
Charley . McCafferty may send Dr.
Jjeggo down to Los Angeles as a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1905.
t-tarter in the Ascot Park derby.
MANAGER MORRIS LEVY
PREPARES GOOD CARD
Young: Corbett and Battling Nelson
to Referee Amateur Bouts Next
Friday Night.
Fightgoers are looking forward to
some fast bouts next Friday night in
Wodward's Pavilion. The Hayes Val
ley Athletic Club will give its regular
monthly boxing exhibition, and those
well-known experts, Young Corbett
and Battling Nelson, will teach Eddie
Graney and others how to referee a
boxing contest. Both lightweights
will officiate in main events.
There will be seven bouts. The
main event will be between George
Peterson and Frank Mayfield, who
will box for the welter-weight cham
pionship of the coast. Johnny Crowe,
the clever bantam, will go out of his
class to try conclusions with "South-
Bide" Jack O'Brien, holder of amateur
feather-weight title. Jimmy Carroll,
a son of the famous lightweight. Is to
meet his old opponent, Harry Tenny.
Abe Label meets Georgia Curran and
John Murray, a youth from New York,
who is said to be a good one, will go
against Eddie Carr.
FRANK DICKEY QUIETLY
BECOMES A BENEDICT
Popular Sporting Man United In Mar
riage to Mrs. Delia Morehead
of Oakland.
Frank Dickey, the popular sporting
man and proprietor of Dickey's tavern,
was quietly wedded yesterday after
noon to Mrs. Delia Morehead of Oak
land. The ceremony was performed at
2:30 o'clock by Rev. Dr. Hcmphill at
the latter's residence, 2020 Broadway.
Only a few intimate friends of the hap
py couple were present.
The wedding was fittingly celebrated
with a banquet at Dickey's tavern last
night. The banquet hall of the place
was filled with the friends of the bride
and groom who came to drink their
health and offer congratulations. Mr.
and Mrs. Dickey will take up their resi
dence In this city.
Britishers WilPXot Come Here.
LONDON, Feb. 6.— The polo com
mittee, of the Hurlingham Club met
to-day to consider the invitation of the
American Polo Association. It was
decided not to accept the Invitation
as It was found it would be impossible
to send to the United States a really
representative team. At the same time
it was decided to acquaint the leading
polo clubs in the United Kingdom of
the invitation and to put no obstacle
in the way of any private team that
might wish to go to the United States
. Noted Horseman Dies.
TORONTO, Qnt. t Feb. 6. — R>R.
Pringle, one of the best-known figures
on the Canadian and American race
courses, is dead. His services were
much in demand as judge. He at
one time owned some of the best race
horses in Canada.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Feb. 6.— The elx
teemh ballot for United States Senator, taken
to-day, was without result.
ON RECENT FORM
HORSES SELECTED
FIGURE THE BEST
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
First race — Bell Reed, Yellowstone,
Flo Manola.
Second race— George A. Knight,
Mazapan, Isabeau.
Tuird race — Fair Liady Anna, Troy,
Prestiino.
Fourth race — Barrack, Briers, Cln
cinnatus.
.. Fifth race— Sais, Sea Voyage, Rec
tor.
Sixth race- — Arcade, Elliott, Haia
anlt.
Handicap the
Feature at
Oakland.
A handicap at six furlongs, with Sal 3
and Bragg among the starters, is the
feature of the card at Oakland to-day.
First race— Five and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and up, selling.
7831 Klo llanola (Daly) •• »5
. 7817 Yellowstone (Fine) .........107
<7823) Th e. Hawaiian - (Wilson) .104
(7831) Bell Reed (Fitzgerald) • 113
6600 »Ethel Abbott (Miller) 00
.... Bath Beach (McClary & Co.) 100
.... Cloeanthus (Eakle) 104
. Second race— Three J and a half furlongs,
maiden two-year-olds, purse.
.... Isla (Daly) 100
Riley-Loch Katrine. ■
.7810 Lorena M (De la Montanya) 100
7821 Lady Catherine (Zelinsky) ......105
7833 Bakersfleld (Murray & C 0.) ......... 112
.;.... Isabeau (Patterson) ....10«
Altamax-Jaunita.
7821 George A. Knight (Stover) .109
7533 Cazazza (Stover) ■ 108
7821 Mlssberg (Van Bokkelen) 105
7821 Santee (McLaughlin) 112
....Bill Bagwell (Eakle) • 112
Green-Grey Kagle.
7821 Mazapan iN:i^>a ■ Stock Farm) ....... 109
7749 Semilune (Roche) .^ 109
Third — Five furlongs, four-year-olds
and up, selling.' .*> • - •
Rtesca (Dunn) 101
7807 Blackthorn (Fink) .110
7813 Recipe (Hackett) ......100
7829 Foxy Grandpa (Coffey) 106
7823Prestano (Plerson) .......107
7689 Skip Me (Madison) 105
6743 Fair Lady Anna : (Flea.ro Stable) 105
'7571 Toto Gratiot (Multnomah Stable). 110
7787 Bassenzo ' (Palace) V 107
7803 Silicate (Barrett) : .101
7719 Ragnarok II (Rear Guard Stable). ...107
7823 Troy (Gilbert) >. 107
■ ■; Fourth •'. race — One and a nixteenth miles,
four-year-olds and up, selling:. - ... -
Briers (Fleur de Lis 5tab1e).. ....... .112
.7840 Grocnock, (Wool. >.. „■*».. ;..... 114
7838 •Flyinjj Torpedo (Ez»Jl) .10t»
7830 •AniM! (Murray) .........102
(7813)Cincinnatiis (Blute) .....'............117
7830 Barrac (Barrett) ...........; 114
Fifth race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up. handicap: . .
i64.ll)Bragg (Curl). ./. 104
7SOS Sea .Voyage (Miller) S7
(7Slß)Sais (Elnte) 110
IBSB M. A. Powell (Wi150n):............... 92
7796 Rector (Eckert) ........ .'. . . . . ..... .7. . 98
Slxthirace — One mile, four-year-ol<!s and up.
selling: ' . •
78.'!2 Major Teniiy (Multnomah Stable) 105
(7S24)Hainault (Reavey). .105
7824 Stilicho (Baker City 5tab1e)... ...... .107
(7S2G)Arcade (Figaro Stable) ........... ....112
-783 C Elliott (Da1y)...... .....110
•Apprentice allowance.
WORLD-FAMOUS RIFLE SHOT
WILL HANDLE GUN XO MORE
Sergeant Thomas J. Dolan, Who Was
Considered King of Sharpshoot
ers, Passes Away.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. — Commissary
Sergeant Thomas J. Dolan of the
Twelfth Regiment, New York National
Guard, who had many claims to being
the champion rifle shot of the world,
Is dead at his home here after five
months' illness. He was 52 years of
age. /
In 1881 Dolan won the military
championship of the National Rifle
Association. He was one of the
•American team contesting for the
Palma trophy in England In 1883 and
made the highest score of any rifle
man.
Dolan won the Secretary's prize at
Creedmoor in 1888. On September 6,
1896, at the tournament in Sea Girt,
he won the President's medal and the
military championship of the United
States, making 92 out of a possible
100 on a 1000-yard range. He was
the author of several works on gun
nery.
GUB GUERRERO DYING
AS RESULT OF INJURY
Former Champion Pedestrian of the
World Is Run Down by
a Cab.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. — While at
tempting to cross Broadway at Sixty
sixth street Gus Guerrero, a well
known athlete and holder of several
long distance pedestrian records, was
knocked down by a cab and is suf
fering from internal injuries which
will probably prove fatal. The driver
of the cab saw Guerrero, but because
of the slippery pavement was unable
to check his horse in time.
Guerrero twenty years ago was one
of the best known pedestrians in
America and participated in many six
day contests in different parts of the
country.
SAM BERGER RESIGNS
FROM OLYMPIC CLUB
Agrees to Box Jim Casey and Decides
to Quit Winged "O" of His Own
Accord.
Sam Berger last night voluntarily
turned in his resignation as a. member
of the Olympic Club. Berger has
signed to meet Jim Casey before the
San Francisco Club on -February 17
and decided to quit the club as the
board of directors would not sanction
his meeting with the longshoreman.
Berger says he thought he could
not get enough practice at the home
of the winged "O" and saw no future
for him there as a boxer. He did not
consult the directors before taking the
step and therefore his resignation
comes as a mild surprise.
BEU3RADE. Feb. 6.— The Cabinet formed
December 11 under the Premiership of M.
Paalcs hae resigned because- of court in
trigues against the Premier. The King has re
quested thti Ministers to retain office until he
has conferred with the politicians.
RUBIANA LANDS
AT GOOD PRICE
Books Lay 9 to 1 Against
Outsider Who Slips In
Safely Ahead of Field
SMALL ENTRIES PREVAIL
Many Horses Are Scratched
Owing to the Hard Eain
Which Makes Track Heavy
LOS ANGELES, Feb. «.— Small fields
■were the rule at Ascot Park to-day,
due to the numerous scratches after
last night's heavy rain. Favorites or
second choices were the winners ex
cept in the Hist race, which went to
Kuhiana at d to 1. "Weather cloudy;
track heavy. Summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Rublana, 82
(Herbert). 9 to 1, won; Belle Dixon, 96 (W.
Miller), 12 to 1, second; Hersain 91 (McDan
lel). 4to 1, third. Tim*. 1:16%. Nanon, Miss
Provo. Sun Mark, Lady Nlnora. M 153 Shylock,
Latoila and Vindlcta also ran.
fceeond race, four furlongs — Dr. HolHi, 117
(Prior), 3 to 1. won; Expressing. 110 (W. Mil
ler), 4 to 1, second; Ila, 100 (Crosthwalte). 7
to 1, third. Time, :49. Silver Sue, Wee Girl
Paddy Walker, Czarina, Search Mo and Cash
box also ran.
Third race. «ix furlongs — Azelina, 85 (Mc-
Daniel), 7 to 5, won; Seasick. 95 (Moriartty),
4 to 1, second; Metlakatla, 106 (E. Walsh) 5
to 1, third. Time, 1:15%. 3weet Kitty Bel
lairs and Komombo also ran.
Fourth race, one mile — Arabo, 112 (Dugan),
11 to won: Gorgalette. 100 (Crosthwaite),
8 to 1, second; Robador, !)1 (Mortality), 2 to
1. third. Time. 1:42? i. Three starters.
Filth race, Slauson course — Henry Ach 85
(Kunz), 6 to 5. won: Slnicado. U5 (Morlarlty).
11 to 2. second: Hllona, 105 (McDanlel), even,
third. Time, 1:11%. Three starters.
Sixth race, mile and fifty yards, selling —
Anirad. 94 (J. Kelly), 16 to 5, won; Canejo, 104
(Herbert), 2 to 1, second: Exapo, 102 (Mc-
Daniel), 7to 1. third. Time, 1:47 U. Capable.
Gentle Jfarry. Albert Enrtght, El Verraco,
Pastmaster. Henry Clay Rye, Prince. Palatine
and Frank Mayo also ran.
REIX WILJj PROBABLY
QUIT THE TOURNAMENT
TSigourney Keeps Up His Good Work
by Beating Stark of New
York.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— The probabili
ties to-night are that Edward C. Rein,
one of the local players, will with
draw from the amateur billiard tour
nament for the national championship
now being played at the Chicago Ath
letic Club, on account of indisposition.
Rein was scheduled to play J. Byron
Stark of New York to-day, but an
hour before it was time to call the
grime the local man sent word to the
committee in charge of the tourna
ment that he would be unable to take
part in to-night's play.
The first game to-day -was between
W. H. Sigourney of San Francisco and
J. Byron Stark of New York. The
game was rather one-sided, Sigourney
winning with a score of 300 to 17 7. No
remarkable runs were made. Sigour
ney secured the highest with 29 while
Stark made 25.
The other games resulted as follows:
Edward C. Gardiner defeated Charles
A. Norris, both of New York, 300 to
145. Charles Thresbie of Boston de
feated Charles S. Schmitt of Racine,
Wis., 300 to 237. Sigourney and Conk
lin are tied for first place, each hav
ing won four games and lost one.
WHITE ABHORS
LAWYER CLUNIE
Solemnly Swears He Will
Never Talk to Enemy
Two Minutes on Earth
The renewal of the Clunie -Bridgford-
Wblte feud In Judge Coffey's court yes
terday produced another "mystery"
and at least one fair exchange of per
sonalities. Andrew J. Clunie, by insin
uating interrogatories, roughly criti
cized Burrell G. White for withholding
from him, Clunie, as coexecutor infor
mation regarding the "purported exist
ence of a false deed," by which Mrs.
Florence Clunie had transferred all of
her community property to General
Clunie at the time they severed their
marital relations. **
White was angered, and by the time
his questioner had several times repeat
ed the charge that information regard
ing affairs of the estate had been with
held from him the witness vouchsafed
a reason. "We haven't spoken for six
months outside this room," said White,
"and I will not speak to you unless I
have to."
"Oh, don't let that worry you," Inter
rupted Clunie, and White went on:
"I'll never have another conversation
with you for two minutes at a time If
I live to be twenty-five years older.
You misrepresent what is said, and put
Into a man's mouth words that never
passed his lips."
Clunie merely chuckled and continued
his examination, dealing with a matter
of installing a new heating plant In ttie
theater at Sacramento, during the
course of which he asked whether the
lessees of the building had not offered
to employ White to get a ten years' re
newal of their lease while the old lease
had nearly four years to run. White
denied the implied employment, but
said the matter of a renewal for five
years had been mentioned.
Judge E. A. Bridgford, the other ex
ecutor, was called to the stand for en
other round of questioning. Ciunie
seemed to take much delight In pro
pounding the same query live times in
an effort to get a direct ansv.-er that
would meet with his approval. The
line of examination had to do with
what information White had imparted
to Bridgford regarding the former's
knowledge or belief that Mrs. CJunie
had signed a deed to property with
out knowing the contents of the in
strument. Bridgford said that White
had not told him the details of the
transaction involving the blanket
deeds, but "it was intimated that Mrs.
Clunie was not fully Informed as to
what she was doing."
Clunie asked Bridgford how he first
came into possession of the deed to the
property in question. The witness an
swered that it had been given tciiim in
a sealed envelope.
"By whom" asked Clunie.
"I decline to answer," said the wit
ness, and he appealed to the court for
support. "This and some other mat
ters connected with this estate are
things in which the public can have no
interest and should be* kept secret."
said Bridgford. and before Judge Cof
fey had determined whether or not the
question was material Clunie with
drew it.
The hearing will be resumed this aft
ernoon.
SAYS COACHES
IMBIBE FREELY
Editor of "Occident" Grills
Stars Who Come Here to
Train Football Players
THEY SET BAD EXAMPLE
Editorial in the Student
Publication Causes Mild
Sensation in Berkeley
Berkeley OfPce San Francisco Call.
. 2148 Center Street, Feb. 6.
The starting allegation is made offi
cially to-day'by I<eo D. Bishop in the
editorial columns of the university
magazine called the Occident that the
professional coaches who were utilized
by California up to three years ago
failed largely because they were wine
drinkers and ho unable to keep their
men in line. „
Bishop is assistant manager of the
university football team. Ezra Decoto
being his chief. The Occident Is edit
ed by Bishop, and his editorial to-day
on the subject of graduate coaches,
perhaps the livest topic at the uni
versity, has created a sensation. Never
before has it been definitely stated that
the high-priced, exclusive and fashion
able university men of the East who
came to California to train gridiron
players were too fond of wine, but
Bishop, who is supposed to be quali
fied to speak, makes the charge with
out equivocation.
Tho editorial which has caused such
a sensation is apropos of the decision
of the intercollegiate agreement com
mittee, representing Stanford and Cal
fornia, to give up the ■graduate-coach
exclusively" feature of the agreement.
Bishop is one of the three representa
tives of ttie University of California
who procured a fortnight ago the
change in policy. The action of the
Intercollegiate committee has not yet
h?en ratified by the executive commit
tee of the associated students of the
university, anrl cannot become a reg
ulation until it is thus ratified- The
committee meets to-morrow night. Last
week it met, but failed to approve the
action of its representatives who had
conferred with Stanford.
At this juncttire comes Bishop with
his editorial, which lifts the cover from
the situation as it existed a few years
ago, when professional coaches were
used. Bishop says:
Tha Intercollegiate agreement committees
have met ani agreed on certain rules regard
ing athletics. The most important thing that
was done is the omission cf article 5, relating
to the employment of graduate coaches. A
good many people are dissatisfied betaus« some
provision was not made whereby the system
Inaugurated four . years ' ago might be per
petuated. It ' is said that the graduate rule
was put In force because we had euch poor
success with Eastern men. These fellow* came
out hera ion a lark from the Kast and spent
a good part of their time over the bottle. Tlietr
conduct was such that it set a bad example
for the players. They Instilled a professional
spirit into the men — the spirit that all the
colleges In America have been fighting against.
No doubt the change made at that time as
beneficial. ' But we must analyze the conditlcntt
under which we are now laboring. California
has no man that can be pointed to as the coach
for the coming year. The football players al
most to a man are in favor of a change. More
over, .the feeling is so Intense over tho ques
tion that a graduate coach, it seems to us,
would fail vttcrly to bring out the best there is
In the men. <
Professor George C. Edwards, chair
man of the faculty committee on ath
letics, which operates with the execu
tive committee of the students In reg
ulating athletic affairs, is strongly op
posed to a return to professional
coaches. It Is his opposition which Is
believed to stand In the way of ratifi
cation of the intercollegiate agreement
committee's work.
Hot Springs Results.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. Feb. 6. — Results:
First race, six and a half furlongs — Remorse
won Second Mate second. Sol Smith third.
Time, 1:24%.
Second race, seven forloncs — Black Cat won.
Pancreatis second. Colonel Preston third.
Time 1:30.
Third race five, and a half fnrlongs^ — Mav
erick won. Delusion second. Harfan* third.
Time, 1:10%.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, Ken
tucky handicap — Asterisk won Canteen second
Bill "Curtis third. Time, 1:47*4.
Fifth race, fly« and a half furlongs — Van
Ness won. Right and True second. Aden third.
Time 1:00%.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs — Water
ford won. Jake Ward second. Amorous third.
Time. 1:24&.
New Orleans Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 6. — Results:
First, race, one mile — Belle of Portland won.
Sarah Maxim second Sea Sharp third. Time,
1:47 1-5.
Second race, fly* furlongs — Queen Rose won.
Presentment second. Bonamour third. Time,
1:04.
Third race. »ix and a half furlonis — Agnes
Virginia won, EVaskiU second, Pawtucket
third. Time. 1:26.
Fourth race, one mtl»— Garnish won. Fore
hand second, Katie Powers third. Time,
1:451-5.
Fifth race, on* and a quarter miles — Main
spring won, R«Tellle. second. Hymettus third.
Tim© 2:16.
Sixth race, six and a half tvrlons* — Klelnow
won. Poseur second, Redman third. Ttm«. 1:23.
Called Out Forever.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 6. — Ed. Cuthbert,
a veteran baseball player and a mem
ber of the famous St. Louis Browns,
died here to-day. Cuthbert retired
from the dlajnond several years ago
and had recently been in the saloon
business.
Improvement Club Reorganized.
There was a reorganization of the
Noe Valley Improvement Club at a
meeting of residents and property own
ers last night at Duveneck's Hall on
Twenty-fourth and Church streets. The
object of the revival of the old club is
to urge upon the municipal authorities
the betterment of this section of the
city by looking after street improve
ments and other necessities. Including
the enforcement of the cow ordinance.
It was said by those of the Twe«ty
fourth street end of the district that
this street had not been swept during
the year. The further object of the
club is to get the streets bituminized. A
permanent organization was adopted
and the following officers were elected-
President, Charles E. Myers; vice presi
dent, C. G. Kammerer; secretary
Adolphus Duffee; treasurer. Fred Fish
er; executive committee, W. J Gilfuyle
Paul Strehle, J. W. Newbert W A*
Grade^ O C Gunzel, H. Hildebrandt
and E. A. Lemolne. This body will
communicate with the Board of Pub
lie Works touching the needs of their
district.
Dry Goods Clerk Suspected.
. Max ; Bogel, a clerk employed by
Weinstock. Lubin & Co., is held at the
City Prison on suspicion of i mulcting
small amounts from " customer? It if
alleged that he has ' been \ altering
checks and misappropriating the dtffrr
ence, _The attention of , the firm was
called to the matter by Mrs * c Mo"
h« Vrhertfh Cl6rk had S * l ™»" d
lne police are looking up his i record. .
ATTELL BOYS
SECURE GOES
Abe Kipis to Box Hanlon
While 3lonte Is Matched
With Boston .Mm Walsh
COMES TO KDPIF/S TERMS
Conqueror of Murphy Gives
Away Weight in Order to
Secure the Coveted Bout
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— Two matches
were made this afternoon in which the
Attell brothers figure very prominently.
Abe Attell. who was recently the means
of pushing Tommy Murphy back one
peg in the piigilistic ladder, has been
matched with Eddie Hanlon. They will
meet before the Industrial Club of Phil
adelphia.
The best weight that Hanlon would
make for Attell was 130 pounds at 3
o'clock. In order to get the match At
tell had to accept the terms. This will
be a big handicap, as Attell can easily
do 122 pounds ringside. In fact, he did
that for Tommy Murphy only two
weeks aso.
Monte Attell. conqueror of Johnny
Regan, has been matched with Jimmy
Walsh, .the Boston bantam. They ar»
to box twenty rounds at 116 pounds be
fore the Commercial Athletic Club of
St. Louis on February 14.
LADIES TO COMPETE
FOR COUNCIL'S CTP
Second Contest for Trophy Begins To-
Day on Links of San Francisco
Golf Club.
The second competition held during
the present season among the ladies
of the San Francisco Golf and Coun
try Club for the Council's cup for
women will begin this morning on th«
links on the military reservation at
the Presidio. The drying wind of th<»
last two days has greatly lmprov-l
the condition of the course. The
Qualifying round over eighteen fa
medal score, should be played this
morning, but it is likely that the la
dies will dispense with this and will
proceed at once to the opening round
of match play. Among the ladies who
will probably take part are Mis.-«
Edith Chesebrough, captain of the La
dies' Annex of the Golf and Country
Club; Mrs. R. Gilman Brown, Mra. W.
G. Miller. Mrs. J. K. Clark. Mrs. Le
roy Nickel and Miss Florence Iveg.
The subsequent rounds of the compe
tition will be held to-morrow and
Thursday, play beginning at 9:30 a.
m. on each day.
STANFORD BALL TOSSERS
WILL HAVE LOTS TO DO,
1 ' '
Coach (imilfn Frames Up New
Schedule That Promises to De>
velop a Strong Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. i.
Coach Cowden has arranged • new
series of preliminary games for the
varsity baseball team. Under this
new schedule there will be games
with outside nines three times a week.
The necessity of batting practice is felt
by the coaches and they believe fre
quent games will do more to develop
a bunch of cardinal stickers than any
other system of work. The final
game between the two middle classes
will be played to-morrow and from
then on the varsity will be given all
the attention. The following is the
complete schedule of games:
February 9. Santa Clara; February 11. San
Jose Professional!*: February 14. Clabrough-
Golcher: February 18. St. Mary's; February
22. Independents: February Gattner-Ma -
1 tern; March 2. Santa Clara; March T t
Drough-GoK-her; March 9 Santa Clara: Marcki
11. St. Mary's; March 14. Clabrough-Golcher;
March 16, rian Jose Professionals; March IS.
Independents; March 23. Santa Clara; March
25, San Jose Professionals; March 31, Inde
pendents; April 1, Stanford va. California;
April S Stanford vs. California.
Turf War Now Assured.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 6. — The del
egates of the racing organizations In
opposition to the Western Jockey Club
met here to-day and organized the)
American Turf Association and elected
a president. These race tracks or
jockey clubs were represented at the
meeting: Chicago Jockey Club (Haw
thorne), Union Park, St. Louis; Kan
sas City Jockey Club; New Orleans
Jockey Club, Fort Erie. Highland Park
and Windsor, Lexington (Ky.) Jockey
Club, Louisville Jockey Club. Essex
Park Jockey Club of Hot Springs,
Worth Jockey Club. Chicago.
ADVEKTISEMEXTS.
TAINTED
Columbus, Ohio, May 19, 1903.
Some four years ago I was suffering
from impure blood and a general run-
down condition of the system. I had no
appetite, was losing flesh, and had an all-
gone tired feeling that made me misera-
ble. I began the nse of S . S. S., and
after taking seven or eight bottles my skin
was cleared of all eruptions and took on a
ruddy, healthy glow that assured me that
my blood had been restored to its nor-
mal, healthy condition. My appetite was
restored, as I could eat anything put be-
fore me, and as I regained my appetite
I increased in weight, and that 'tired feel-
ing" which worried " me so much disap-
peared, and I was once again my old3el£.
-. I 'heartily recommend S. S. S. as the
best blood purifier and tonic made, and
strongly advise its nse to all those in need
of such medicine. Victor Stubbihs.
Cor. Barthman and Washington Ayes.
Wheeling, W. V., May 28. MM,
My system was run down and my joints
ached and pained me considerably. I had
used S. S. S. before and : knew what it
was, so I purchased a bottle of it and have
taken several bottles and the aches and
pains are gone, my blood has been cleas-
ed and mv general health built up. I can
testify to it as a blood purifier and tonic.
1533 Market St. John C. STEIN.
re 1-
J^^ if T°u have any
j^^V &P^% symptoms of'dis-
~ ■ 1 a 1 ordered blood
wL write us and our
physicians will
'lA advise you free.
wm M Our book on
j, M kJB Ljg blood and skin
W^F diseases sent free.
Tb« Swift Specific Company, AtFmnta,' 6a,
iSEW GOVERNOR OF TAHITI AND SOUTH SEA PEARL KING
LEAVE HERE TO-DAY ON THE LINER MARIPOSA.
Oceanic Company's SteamsMD to Take Manu Passengers
Will Carry a Real
American Circus
to Papeete.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
hner Mariposa, Captain Lawless, will
leav* Pacific-street wharf at 11 o'clock
this morning for Tahiti. She will carry
a large number of passengers, includ- |
ing a Governor General, a pearl king
and a circus troupe, as well as many
travelers seeking health and recreation.
The Mariposa also will take a good
sized cargo of general merchandise.
E. Jullien, the new Governor General
of Tahiti, with his wife, daughter,
mother-in-law, secretary and suite,
will sail on the Mariposa. Governor
Jullien. as the representative of the
French Government, will occupy a po
sition of great authority and high re
sponsibility in South Sea affairs. He
comes direct from Paris and is looking
forward with great pleasure to an ex
tended sojourn in a beautiful land
where it is always summer.
Emil Levy, the pearl king of the
South Seas, is returning on the Mari
posa to his fishing grounds. He will
be accompanied by his wife, with
whom he has been traveling in Europe. <
Levy visits the Old World every year
in connection with his business.
Among the other passengers are
Kastern tourists and some Californians
who have been Induced to take the
voyage by the stories of friends who
have visited Tahiti and ever since have
talked enthusiastically of their delight
ful experiences in the South Seas and
on the way to and from Papeete.
And of most importance to young
Tahiti, the Mariposa is taking down a
small but real American circus. The
troupe is only nine strong and there
will be but a one-ring show, but* the
dusky youngsters of that tropical isle
are not so critical as young America,
and a circus is a circus, anyhow or
anywhere.
Following is a list of the Mariposa's
passengers:
Mrs. H. O. Beatty and maid, P. F Butler.
Miss G. Butler. H P. Bowie and valet. T>. B. !
Hurtey. A. L. Craig, Mrs. Crai?. William F. j
Doty. H J. Edwards. Elmer Grey. Eugene ;
]>>nt and valet. N. Franklin. E. Jullien. Gov
»rnor of Tahiti; Mme. Jullien and maid. Mile.
Jullien, C N Nichols. Mrs. Nichols. Emil
Levy. Kit. Levy. Miss Levy. H. W. McClel
land, John McKelvey. G. S. Hermann. Mrs.
Hermann. Miss Cohen. Miss Sophie Marks,
Mrs. S. Michaels. Mons. Pereard, R. T. Platt.
Mr*. Platt, F. C. Echramm, H R. Elmpklns,
Mrs. M. B. Wright. S. Bernard. Mrs. Bernard.
Miss Ethel Bernard. Miss Ivy Bernard. Master
■ Bernard. Gus Bt Leon. Miss G. St. Leon,
' Miss M St. Leon. Phil St. Leon.
Supar Packets Arrive.
Two sugar laden railing vessels reached port
yesterday from the Hawaiian Islands. The
big chip Falls of Clyde, Captain Matson. ar
rtwjl fmm Hilo, making the run in sixteen
days. She encountered some heavy weather.
The bark St. Catherine, Captain Saunders.
was <"ißhte*>n days coming up from Honolulu.
The Falls of Clyde brought 19.374 hags of
fu+rsr and the St. Catherine 2»,444 bags.
Runaway Sloop Recovered.
The slocp Irene, which broke away on Sun
day from her moorings and went cruising on
her own accomit, was picked up yesterday oft
the hrads by fishermen, who towed the run
away nailing" boat to Meigg.* wjrarf. ■ >jkt3
On board th» sloop were two shotguns, some
ammunition and other articles, of which th*
police have taken charge.
Water Front N"ote«.
There vet no change made yesterday in the
o\«-du« list. The Stork Is quoted at SO per
cent and the Robert Rickmers at 00 per cent.
Th*> bark S»a King. Captain Krebs. sailed
yesterday for Sydney.
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
I'uracno will sail this morning for Guaymas
• ajr ports.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ala
m«.<3a is due to-day from Honolulu.
TlTe* liner Korea will return to-morrow from
Hunters Point to her berth at the Pacific Mail
wharf.
■rong northerly wind prevailed off the
rday and all day the bar was break
ing badly.
A Cargo f° r Australia.
The bark Sea King sailed yesterday for Syd
ney with P»23 lbs hops. S»2,«>C5 ft lumber,
3H.214 ft doorrto<-k, 2573 doors 24 pkgs shooks.
l*-X» pkgs metal iiFh and 1200 gals distillata,
valued at $■::>, hSQ.
Shipments for Hawaii.
The bark Emily F. Whitney sailed yeeterdaj
ror Makaweli via Honolulu with cargo valued
«t $46,403 and Including the following: 34S
bhle flour, 181 ctls wheat 4470 ctls barley.
-48 Ctls oats, X>3 ctls corn, 38,797 lbs bra:i,
13.632 lbs middlings, M bales hay. 71til lbs
meals. 50 caeks beer, 5 cs liquors. 56 cs canned
goods. 1040 Ib* ham and baron, 500 lbs butter,
4K<» lbs codfish. 204 lbs cheese. 8000 lbs salt.
|C3»' lbs lard. 2357 Ibj- bread. Kill lb« sugar,
5 bbls ■•'gar. 28.1.00 ft lumber, 2930 bd's
shingles. 7600 cs coal oil. l««i pkgs building
material. 83 cs soap. 5 cs dry goods. 215 tons
:*ertl!!zer. 7 colls rope. 5 cs boots and shoes,
i bai- leather. I cs tobacco, 6 e» paint, 22
r« casolir.e. 500 redwood posts. 3000 railroad
tips, It bdls I<> pea pipe. C 350 fire bricks. 1100
xal* dirtlllate, " pkga wagon material, i cyls
ammonia. 10 mules.
Kxport* for the North.
.' The steamer Senator sailed on Saturday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
i niMttni il to the port of destination and other
British Columbian cities valued at $11,906 and
imludlnr the following: 20.195 lbs dried fruit.
3500 lbs raisitiß, 852 pkgs fresh fruits, 43 pkgß
Iresh r>:tM« «3 sfce potatoes, 1241 lbs
coflee. 355 gals wine.' C 54 lbs glucose, 800 lbs
sugar, JWJO lbs beans. 165 bxs paste, 47."i lbs
40 cs nira:«. 36 cs canned goods, 7 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 2SOO tins matches. 1770
!i+- >af tobacco, 7 cs arms and ammunition.
30 bdls 5 bars eteel. 42 bars Iron. 41 pkgs
tnarhln<-ry. » roll« leather,' 1 cs hats, 11 kegs
r.alls, H boiler tubes. H cs dry goods, 13 pkgs
paints. 6 cs übricating oil, 4ci electrical
goods.
1 /umber lYHpht*.
The latest lumber" charters reported are:
Barkentine Amazon (at Hono!ulj>. from Puget
frk,und or Portltr.d to Shanghai or Kaichou
at 355, with option of Taku 37s 6d or Manila
*« 80; narkemlnf Koko Head (also at Hono
lulu* from Portland to Shankhai at 36« 3d.
wiih" option of Ta*u 3Ss Sd, Manila $10, or
Guayaquil 46s 3d; bnrtcentlne Gardiner City,
from Grays Harbor to Santa Roealia.
The Amazon snd Koko Head were chartered
prior to arrival.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. February 6.
Stmr Newsboy, Lee. 48 houm from Cresoent
Strnr Fulton, Panrer, 32 hour» from Fields
■•mciirz.
fimr Olympic, Hansen, 34 hours from Ban
:'t-at-o. ' ' ■
fc'tnjr Edith Hall. 98 hours from Nanairno.
StMr Aberdeen. Hansen. 70 hours from As
turla.
Stmr G C L-indauer. Allen. CS hours from |
Grays Harbor.
Strar Advance. Orldneaaen, 7 days from
Coqullle River.
avmx State of California. Thomaa, 41 hours
from -Dietro' and way uorts.
Stmr Nojo, amotk, £5 hours from Eureka.
at jnr Eureka. Hall. 4 daj'B 16 hours from
StatUe. . . - -jj.nl> pVs&TßJfMfcffßP'TiTtß'^ayTar
Stmr Be«. Krog. 24 hours from Eureka (up
river direct.)
Ktmr Phoenix, Odland, 28 hours from Bu
rahs>. . :
fc'hip Falls of Clyde. Matson, 16 days from
Hilo. , •
Bark Bt Katherlne. Baunders, 18 days from
Honolulu . '■■■:*. ' ■
Bktn '..orge C. . Perkins, • Hanaen, B*4 day*
from Columbia Rtver. -'
Schr Esther Buhne, Olsen,-7 day» from Coos
Bay.
Schr L<ouise, Anderson. 7 days from Umpqua.
CLEARED.
Monday, February 6.
Coos Bay. Nicolson. San I'edro; P C
Bark Sea King, Krebs. Sydney; J J Moore
& Co.
Bark Emily F. Whitney. Goodman, Hono
lulu; Alexander & Baldwin.*
SAILED.
Monday. February 6.
Stir.r Costa Rica, Randall. Portland.
Stmr Vanguard, Odland. Eureka.
Stmr Premiss, Ahlstrom. Portland.
Stmr Olympic. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Pasadena, Hendricksen. EJureka.
Bark Pea King. Krebs, Sydney.
Bark Emily F. Whitney. Goodman, Hono
lulu.
Bktn S. G. Wilder. Jackson. Honolulu.
Schr Bessie K. Stark. San Vicente Landing.
Bchr Ida A. Campbell, Point Reyes.
Schr Newark. Johnson, Bixbys Landing.
Schr Halcyon, McDonald, Portland.
SPOKEN.
Jan 31 — In lat 38 57 N, lonir 38 18 W. Br
ship Earl of Dunmore, Ivence Sept 80, for Lon
don.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS. Feb. 6. 10 p. m— Weather
clear; wind HW; velocity 10 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 5, 4 a m — Stmr Nor
wood, hence Feb 2.
Sailed Feb — Stmr Centennial, for San Fran- |
claco.
Arrived Feb 6 — Stmr George Loomie, hence
I Feb 9.
TATOOSH — Passed out Feb 6 — Nor stmr Tl
tanla, from Oyeter Harbor, for San Francisco.
Passed Inward Feb o—Stmr0 — Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Feb 3, for Tacoma.
PaEEed out Feb 6 — Bark Louisiana, from Port
Blakeley, for San Francisco.
Passed in Feb 6 — Br stmr Brinkburn, hence
Fefc 3. for Comox.
Passed in Feb 6 — Stmr George Loomls, hence
F»»b 2. for Seattle. '-•*
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr
Qu*>en. hence Feb 5, and sailed for San Diego
end way ports.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 6— Stmrs "Homer
and F. A Kllburn. from Coos Bay; stmr Po
mona, hence Feb 4. * ■» • •
Sailed K<>b s— Etmrs Noyo. Bee and Phoenix,
for San Francisco.
Sailed Feb «— Stmr F. A. Kllbum, for San
Frar.c isco.
ASTORIA — Sailed Feb 6— Stmr Roanoke, for
San Francisco.
• Arrived ■ Feb — Stmr Roseerans, from Mon
terey. <r~.
Sailed Feb 6 — Stmrs South Bay and Colum
bia, for Ean Francisco.
Sailed Feb 6— Schr Oltca. for Kaliului.
Arrived Feb 6 — Schr- Ariel, from Honolulu.
Sailed F«»h 6, not 6th — Stmr Roanoke. for
San Francicco. via Coos Bay and Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Paired In Feb IltlM
Endeavor, hence Jan 27. for Port Townsend.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb s— Schr Vo
lant for San Fmnclwo. .
Arrived F>b — Stmr San Pedro, '• hence Feb
2 Keb — Stmr C^ntralia, hence Feb 3; schr
Fearless, ience Jan 27.
Arrived Feb 6 — Bktn Wrestler, from Santa.
Rosalia: schr Annie Larsen, from San Diego.
Sailed Feb 6 — Schr H. D. Bendixen. for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 3— G«r stmr
AEsuan, from Seattle. and| sailed Feb 4. for
ABERDEEN— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Centra
lia. fcence Feb 3.
Sailod Feb ■ — Schr H. D. Bendixen, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 6— stmr Afri
can Prince, for Singapore. -
BOSTON— Arrived Feb 4 — Br stmr Sellasia,
from CebU. — -
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— port Jan 24— Ger ship Adolf,
i for Oregon. •
DUNKIRK— Ss Iied Feb 2— ship Leon Bu
: reau, for San Francisco.
LADYSMITH— SaiIed Feb s— Nor stmr T1-
I tanla, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Passed out Feb 6— Nor stmr Ti
tania. from Oyster Harbor, for San Francisco.
Passed in Feb — Br ship Belford, hence Jan
26, for Vancouver.
SAN BENITO — Sailed Feb 4 — Ger stmr Den
derah. for San Francisco, via Mexican ports.
PORT SAlD— Arrived Feb 3— Br Ftmr Sa
gami. from New York, for Manila.
PORT NATAL— Sailed Feb 3 — Br stmr Lust
leish. for Manila.
ALGlEßS— Arrived Jan — Br stmr Knight
iSt George, from Yokohama, and sailed for
! N*w York.
COLOMBO — Arrived Jan 20— Nor stmr Tri
1 color from Batcum.
.TT'NlN— Arrived Dec 31 — Br stmr Blanc
'• ■fleld. from Tyne.
GIBRALTAR— Feb 4— Br stmr St.
i Bede, from HonekonK. for New York.
SAGNES — Passed Feb 3-«^3r stmr Suez,
i from Hartlepool, for . "
YOKOHAMA — Balled Feb — Stmr Siberia,
for San Francisco. . . >
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed Feb s—Ship5 — Ship
Jabez Howes,- for San Francls-co.
OCEAN STEAMERS. Uy^JU
NEW YORK — Feb 6— Stmr Zeeland,
', from Antwern. ■ ■ '
FlUME— Arrived Feb Stmr Carpatl;:a,
j from New York, via Naples.
1 PALERMO — Sailed Feb 3—3 — Stmr Sicilian
Prin<-»>. for New York <not previously).
, GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Feb 6 — Stmr Prinzess
j Irene, from Naples and Genoa, for New .York.
1 BOULOGNE— SaiUd Feb 6 Stmr Graf Wal
'-derpee, from Hamburg and Dovar, for .New
I York. - '
■ NAPLES — Sailed Feb 6 — Stmr Graf Wnlder
nee. from Hamburg: and I>over. for New. York.
Feb A — Stmr Perugrla. for New York.
CLYDE— Sailed Feb e— Stmr Osofa, for Van
couver «i|^B§§Ssij£flS
Memoranda.
Per bark Ft. Katherlne, from Honolulu, Keb
6 — Had NW and SE gales for last 5 days.
Sun, Moon and, Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay Published by official authority of tha
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 26
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide ia the same at both place*.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 7.
I Sun rises 7:00
Bun atts '. ItjM
Moon sets 8:46 p. m.
C JTtrae |Tlme| |Tlme| JTTme ""
I Ft. 1 1 Ft. - -I Ft. Ft.
? Jh w |l w| |h w| II w
"f 2:00| 48 7:12 26 l:0B| 4.61 7:24! 0.8
8 2:26 4.8 7:57 2.5 1:52 4.3 8:00| LI
9 2:35! 4.8' 8:48 2.4! 2:40 4.01 8:35 1.7
36 2.2 3:35 3.7! 9:15 2.1
8:64 4.8110:82 1.0 4:47 3.5!1O:O4 2.4
12 I 4:32| 4.»|ll:30! 1.51 6:18| 3.5111:04 2.7
J»OTE — In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
band column and the successive tides of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1905
AMERICAN SHIP FALLS OF CLYDE,
WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY
FROM HILO H. I.
day In the order of occurrence as to time; th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
imetimes occurs. The heights given are .n
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coaet Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Kail.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer-
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
February 6. 1905.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i t, at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. ( Due.
F. Kilburn. ... Portland & Way Ports. 'F*>b. 7
Chas. Nelson. Humboldt JFeb. 7
Porno Point Arena & Albion. . :Keh. 7
Alameda : Honolulu :Feb. 7
Roanoke Portland & A6toria |Feb. 8
•a San Pedro T->b. S
Redondo.". . ..' F .jtland & Astoria .... !Feb. *
South Bay I }•. rtland & Astoria. ... iFeb. 8
Pomona Imn^'oldt iFeb. 8
Columbia P( rtland & Astoria j Ffb. 8
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts.lFeb. fc
Titanla Oyster Harhor Feb. 8
.< Willapa Harbor iFeb. 8
Del Norte ! Crescent City (Feb. tf
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. :Feb. 0
China & Japan IFeb. 9
Queen han Diego & Way Pts.|Feb. 9
Centfr.n'ai. .. . Seattle & Tacoma |Feb. 8
Tmatilla Pucet Sound Ports. ... IFeb. 10
Eureka Humboldt !Krt). 10
corona Humboldt 'Feb. 11
.. . Newport & Way Ports. |F»b. 12
San Pedro I Gra.v.s Harbor |Feb. r_>
Ar-a;a ' Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordiFeb. 12
Arctic i Humboldt ll'eb. 12
Costa Rica (Portland & Astoria ;Feb. 13
CentraUa Grays Harbor 'Feb. 13
Ventura Pyi ney & Way Ports.. l Feb. 13
S. Barbara... jS.rttlf & 'Olympia .. . . 'Feb. 18
State of Cal.. ! San Diego & Way Pts. K. b. 13
G Dollar Grays Harbor 'Feb. 14
City Peking.. New York via Ancon..'Feb. lfl
Senator Puget Sound Ports IFeb. 15
Rainier Srattle & Hellingham. . 'Feb. 15
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma iFib. 17
Assuan I Seattle IFeb. 17
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ] Balls. l Pier.
February 7.
Elizabeth..! Coquille River [10 amlPier 20
Arcata i Coos B. &• Pt Orfd'l2 miPier 13
Eureka Humboldt I 9 am Pier IS
Cascade. — j Grays Harbor | 2 pmjPier 2
Corona \ Humboldt Jl:3Op:Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. f 9 am Pier 11
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11l am Pier 7
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ....111) am Pier 11
February 8.
Roanoke... Los Angeles Ports. 9 amPier 13
5. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm;Pier 2
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way.. 4 pmlPler 27
Breakwater Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
P.Ray Loe Angeles Ports. 5 pm! Pier 27
Arctic j Humboldt 9 am! Pier 2
February 9.
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor ' fi pm'Pier 2
State of Cal i Son Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno | Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm|Pler 2
City Puebla . Pugfi Sound Ports.lll amiPler !)
Montara.... 1 Seattle direct ....' 4 pm|Pl<:r 9
February 10. |
Pomona I Humboldt ..• |l:3OpPSer 9
February 11. |
Sequoia.... ■ Wi!lar>* Harbor . . . |12 m Pkr 20
Point Arena' Point Arena 4 pm|Pier 2
6. Cruz.... i San Pedro & Way. 9 amlPiT 11
Cltf Sydney I N. Y. via Ancon..l2 mj Pier 40
C. Kelson... Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Columbia.. J Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alatnede ..: Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
ChehaUs. . . .'■ Grsyn Harbor 3 pnvPier 2
February 12.
Queen S;tn bitffo & Way., 9 am Pier 11
San Pedro. . Lo>r AngoHs Ports. Ipm Pier 2
Februay 13.
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmPier 20
February 14.
Korea China & Japan.... 1 pmiPler 40
Umatllla... Pub<h Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
February 16. '
Nchraskan. Hono. 4- Kahului..| 3 pm|Pier 2-'<
Oregon Astoria Sp Portlandlll araiPier 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Portland Seldovia & Way Ports. !F»b 10 I
Santa Clara. . . Valdez & Seward JFeb. 13 '
Jefferson ; Fkagway & Way Ports. iFeb 13 I
FaraJlon Skagway & Way Ports. lFeb 16
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts JFeb HI ■
Alkl Kkafcway & Way Ports. IFeb" 18 '
Cottage City. . Skagway^ & Way Portß. |Feb 18
Levies on Trumbo's Team.
Colonel Isaac Trumbo, whose min
ing, matrimonial and political ven
tureß have afforded topics for conver
sation here and in Utah for several
years past, is in danger of losing his
team of blacks and his victoria for
non-payment of a livery bill. W. E.
Bridge, proprietor of the St. Law
rence stables, filed a lien yesterday
upon the property, alleging that the
colonel owes him $350 for care and
board of the team. The liveryman
gays the outfit was placed in his
►charge last July and the colonel
agreed to pay $50 a month, but up to
January 31 no money was forthcom
ing. The liveryman has the horses
and carriage and proposes to keep
them until the bill is settled.
Weather Report
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Feb. 5—55 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous day:
Boston 2ii -2-2 New York 32-20
Chicago 20-16 Philadelphia 34-18
Cincinnati 83-24 Pittsburg 26-24
Honolulu. H. 1.. .76-04 St. Louts 30-18
Jacksonville 50-44 Washington 26-16 i
SAN FRANCISCO 58-44
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to |
date as compared with those of the same date
laaat ■eaaon and the rainfall in the last twen- I
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace 22.55 25.04
Red Bluff 0.02 24.12 14.10
Sacramento 0.00 1, - 5.68 5.37
San Francisco ... 0.00 16.02 7.83
Fresno 0.00 7.00 1..77
Independence 0.44
San Luis Obispo.. 0.10 14.21 3.64
Los Angeles 0.68 10.81 1.63
San Dlefio 0.18 8.88 1.32
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS, g- Illf fi |R |
. " .. ■ n ka 3 .: a . ™ c
'■ '<*:% Hi : - ■.§
SB. . =
:•» • • j
Baker 30.02 32 24 NW Cloudy [oO
Carson 20. 34- 26 N "■.' Cloudy .2*
Eureka . .....30.02. 50 46 -N -r Clear ;T.
Fresno . . i.. .29.84 B0 ,88\ E H Clear .1)0
S;.E- Farallon.2:».B»- 64^i52-*NW Clear ' .00
Flagstaff ....29. 50' '32 2« S\V 'Cloudy' .48
Pocatello . .-. .89.92 34 4 « NE ' Clear : T.
Los Angeles. .20.70 CO '40W NW Clear, " .68
Mt Tanialpais.2U.B<; 50 34 NW Clear .w
North - Head.. 80. 12 4tt L " 3S W Cloudy .42
Point Reyes. .29.77 '54 48 NW Clear .00
Portland ....30.12 40 32 NW Cloudy .T.
Red Bluff. .•:•. 28.88 SB, 40 N Clear .02
Roseburg ...30.10 48 1 34,'N' 7 ■'■■ Pt.Cldy T.
Sacramento- .'.29. 50 56 : 42 NW clear ' .00
Salt Lake.. 2!t.72 44 34 NW ' Clear T.
San Francisco. 2y.S6 M 44 NW Clear .00
S. L. 0bi5p0..29.82 5R 40 N Clear .10
t-an Diego.... (10^48 N Clear .40,
Seattle ...;... 30.00 4« 28 E Pt.Cldy T.
Spokane ..:..30.04 58 '22 N Clear .01 '
Tatoosh ....:. 30. 04 48 .42 SW Cloudy .01 .
Walla Walla. 80.03 42 2« 9 Cloudy ,<X> i
Wlnnemucca .20.58 42 :2« SE Cloudy .22 i
Yuma ... 29.68 58 42 NW Clear .i>4 j
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm is moving slowly eastward over
Arizona and New Mexico. No rain has fallen
in California except at San Dlogo.
Strung northerly winds arc blowing in the
•■^t'-ramento Valley and along the northern
coast.
Forecast made at San Franoiseo for thirty
hours, ending midnight, February 7:
California, north of Tehaehapi— Fair Tuph
(\»y: fr?sh north wind?; heavy frosts in the
Interior if wind lulls.
California, south o*f Tehaehapi — Fair Tues
day: fr?sh north winds; heavy frosts in the
interior if wind lull?.
Nevada — Cloudy, cooler Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Kair Tuesday;
light north winds.
Ijos Angeles and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
light north winds.
Sacramento— Fair Tuesday; light north
wind.
Fresno — Fair Tuesday; frost in morning;
light north winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
ELECTRIC LINE
WILL BE BUILT
Supervisors Grant Permit
to Reconstruct the Cali
fornia Street Steam Road
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed the ordinance granting permis
sion to the United Railroads to use
electricity as a motive power on that
portion of the California street and
Cliff House road now operated as a
steam road. It lies between Parker and
First avenues.
The ordinance imposes a condition
to which the company has agreed —
that in the reconstruction ot the Cliff
House steam line, of which' the above
is a portion, iron poles shall be used
instead of wooden poles along Califor
nia street from Parker avenue to
Eighth avenue.
E. P. Troy filed a fiery communica
tion, which was referred to the Street
Committee, calling on the board to tear
up the curve track at Post and Kearny
streets because the use of the curve
was abandoned about eighteen years
ago, and under the charter the fran
chise has been forfeited by non-use.
Troy wants the company to establish
its rights in court, and not by taking
forcible possession of the streets.
The board accepted a deed from the
Sutro estate to lands for the opening
of Sutro Heights avenue from Forty
sixth to Forty-eighth avenues, between
A and B streets.
The board ordered grades to be
changed on Holly Park avenue and
West Park street.
A demand was drawn in favor of J.
H. Dockweiler for services as engineer
in the Spring Valley water rate case.
The Hawthorne Club was granted an
amateur permit for February 24, and
the San Francisco Club one for Febru
ary 17.
The roadway of Hampshi.e street,
APPEAL COURT
REVERSES CASES
Sailor Wiberg Loses Four
Thousand* Dollars Through
an Overturned Judgment
BANK WINS ITS POINT
Eights of Street Cars Are
Laid Down by the Learned
Judges of Federal Bench
Judges Gilbert, Ross, Hawley and
Morrow, sitting as the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals, handed down
the following decisions yesterday:
Thomas Pollard et al., claimants and
owners of the American steamer West
port, vs. Elias Wiberg— Northern Dis
trict of California— Judgment reversed
and the cause remanded to the court
below with directions to dismiss the
libel at libelant'g cost. In the United
States District Court judgment was
given in favor of Wiberg for $4500 dam
ages for personal injuries caused by
the giving ,way of a capstan on board
the Westixjrt. The appellate court
says:
It is also a fact that the record contain* no
I evidence that the capstan in question was un-
I safe, insufficient or unfit for any service for
which it was Intended, but on the contrary
j shows without conflict that the libelant witn
I the other seamen working with him had, by
means of this capstan, drawn in the slack of
| this particular hawser, for which the hawser
I had been, by the master's order, transferred
| from the bitts to the capstan. • • • In so
! far, therefore, as the equipment of the steam
| er is concerned, it is impossible to see where
; her owners were negligent. Nor is it claimed
that the officers of the vessel were, in any
respect, incompetent.
As has already been said, there was no evi
dence that the place where the libelant was
hurt was unsafe unless the improper use of
the capstan for Hie purpose of hauling the
vessel from the mud alongside the wharf made
it so. And if it be true that the master did
undertake to accomplish that result by means
of the capstan, as testified by the libelant and
by two of the other sailors, while it would
show negligence upon the part of the master, :
it would be the negligence of a fellow servant ;
of the libelant for which tke owner would not
be liable.
The United States of America vs. ;
the Wishkah Boom Company— Wash- j
ington — Decree reversed and cause re
manded.
The Aetna Indemnity Company vs.
William M. Ladd and others, doing
business as Ladd & Tilton—Washing
ton—Judgment affirmed.
The Empire State-Idaho Mining and
Developing Company and American
Bonding Company vs. Kennedy J.
Haniey— ldaho — Decree affirmed.
The Pacific Packing and Navigation
Co. vs. W. B. Fielding— Washington-
Judgment reversed and cause re
manded.
Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company ;
vs. Laurete Holmes — Arizona — Judg
ment affirmed.
London and San Francisco Bank,
Limited, vs. James N. Block, as Tax
Collector of the City and County of
San Francisco — This was an action in
equity for an injunction restraining
Block from collecting a tax of $12,000
for franchise; $14,576, amount due by
J. P. Morgan & Co.; $116774, due by
the Portland Branch, and $428,539. due
by the Tacoma Branch. The court
says:
The only question for this court to decide is
whether the court below erred in holding that
the items due from the Portland branch and
the Tacoma branch were assessable as solvent
credits taxable in California. ♦ • The au
thority of every Statp to tax all property, real
and personal, within its jurisdiction is un
questionable, but the taxing power of the
j State is limited, in a case of this character, to
property within the State. Under the fact* of I
: this case our conclusion is that the court
erred in holding that the two items under con
sideration aggregating $543,313. upon which
the tax waa $7634. were property assessable to ;
appellant as solvent credits. The decree of j
the Circuit Court as to the allowance of the i
tax and penalties on these two Items Is re- j
versed and th? cause remanded to the court j
below to strike out this portion of the decree
and make such further order In the premises
as the case may require, in accordance with
the views expressed in this opinion.
M. E. Rogers et al. vs. the De Soto
Placer Mining Company— Alaska-
Judgment reversed and cause re
manded.
Los Angeles Traction Company vs.
John Martin Conneally et al. In this
case the court says:
The rights of street cars, no matter by what
j powerfimpelled, are not superior to those of
1 other vehicles, save in the one Instance where j
i a vehicle is bound to get out of the way, and
not to obstruct the passage of the car owing
i to the inability of the car to travel in any
other part of the street. The element of tres- I
I pass is entirely absent in the case of a person
' cropping a street railway at any point, and the
' only care required of him is that which a
; reasonably prudent man would exercise hay
: ing due regard to the rights of others and as
suming that others (Including the street car
companies) will exercise the same care: in
: fact, knowing that such care Is imposed by
i municipal regulation upon the persons operat
■ ing the street cars. This assumption does not.
! of course, warrant such a reliance upon it as
! to neglect means of self-preservation, but Is
! an element of consideration in arriving at the
i standard of care to govern the particular case.
i'For the error pointed out above the judgment
' is reversed and the cause remanded for a new
trinl.
James C. Cavin vs. Southern Pacific
Company — California — Judgment re
versed and cause remanded for a new
trial.
Southern Pacific Company vs.
Charles A. Schuyler— Judgment af
firmed.
United States of America vs. Bark
entine Alta et al.—Washington—Judg
ment modified so as to award the Gov
ernment $77 34 without costs.
Sarah Archer vs. Ernest Beihl—
j Alaska— Judgment reversed and cause
j remanded for new trial.
Cabot T. Thomas vs. United States
I of America — Montana — Decree affirmed.
Edward Cardwell vs. United States
i of America — Montana — Judgment af
! firmed.
The Great i Northern Railway Com
pany vs. William C. Fowler—Washing
l ton— Decree affirmed.
Julia Brosnan vs. Albert White —
Alaska— Judgment reversed.
George Demko vs. Carbon Hill Coal
Company — Judgment affirmed.
John Kerr vs. John H. Shine — Cali
fornia—Judgment reversed.
Antone Marks vs. Melville C. Brown
and James M. Shoup— Alaska— Petition
denied, with costs.
between Twenty-second and Twenty
third, was fully accepted.
On Comte's motion, the Finance Com
mittee was directed to investigate the
retention of the steel plates from which
the municipal bonds were engraved by
the contracting company. Comte
thought the plates should be destroyed
as a protection to the city.
The following ordinances were finally
passed :
Fixing the widths of sidewalks on Pacific
avenue between Walnut and Laurel streets.
Ordering street work on Parnassus avenue,
between Stanyan and Wlllard streets.
Providing for the full acceptance of the.
roadway of Fifth avenue, between Point Lottos
avenue "and Clement street; Church street, be
tween Twenty-seventh and Duncan; Church
street, between Twenty-fourth and Jersey:
Church street between Twenty-fifth and Clip
ptr- Fourth avenue, between California and
Lake streets; crossing of Clipper and Church
streets- Church street, between Twenty-seventh
and Army paved with bituminous rock.
FALL CAUSES DKATH — Andrea Guastuc
ci 20 years old, died at St. Mary's Hospital
yesterday from the effects of a fall from a
tree In Sonoma last Tuesday. Guastucei
ellinbid into the tree in pursuit of a squirrel
and a rotten branch, upon which he was lean- j
injr. brokf-. His skull was fractured by the
fall. The parent* of the unfortunate young
man live at USO Green street in this city.
DUPES TO GET
TWO PER CENT
Fifty Thousand Dollars
the Total Value of Cas
sie Chadwick's Estate
LITTLE FOR CREDITORS
Holders of Large Claims
Are Averse to 3laking
Their Losses Public
CLEVELAND, 0., Feb. 6.—Receiv
: er Loesser filed a list of the creditors
: of Mrs. Chadwick, together with the
! amount due each, so far as known, in
the United States Bankruptcy Court
tc-day. While it is understood, unof
ficially, that Mrs. Chadwick's debts
will aggregate close to $2,000,000, the
, claims thus far presented to the re
ceiver foot up a total of only $63,310.
The list, as filed to-day, shows that
the sums due the bUr creditors are not
known. Among the latter are Ira Rey
nolds, Cleveland; Herbert Newton,
Brookline, Mass.; C. T. Beckwith, Ob
erlin, O.; Citizens' National Bank. Ob
erlin, O.; and J. W. Friend. Pittsburg,
Pa.
According to common report, the
claim of J. W. Friend amounts tv
$800,000.
Harold Remington, referee in bank
ruptcy, to-day set February 17 as the
date lor the meeting of Mrs. Chad
wick's creditors, at which a trustee
will be elected to take charge of her
property.
The valuation of Mrs. Chadwick's
estate waa not given by the receiver,
but it is generally believed that all
told the property is not worth to ex
ceed $50,000. On this basis Mrs. Chad- 1
wick's creditors will receive, after the
ccurt costs are deducted, not more
than 2 per cent on their claims.
MRS. EINSTEIN DECLINES
TO PROSECUTE HUS3AND
Daughter of Lillian Russell Falls to
Appear in Court and Case
Is Dismissed.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. — Actress Doro
thy Russell Einstein failed to appear
in court here to-day against her hus
band, whom she recently had arrested
on a charge of making threats to kill
her. Upon request of an attorney rep
resenting Mrs. Einstein, the case waa
dismissed, Mrs. Einstein not wish-
Ing to prosecute her husband.
Clark's Daughter Again Weds.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. — Mrs. Mary
Clark Culver, daughter of Senator
Clark of Montana, was married here
to-day to Charles Potter Kling. The
marriage took place at the residence
of Senator Clark in this city. Kling
is an attorney and a resident of New
York City.
• ADVERTISEMENTS. V
a^g^g^r^^^^^^Sff '- /.' iJA ' ? i
It Won't Work.
When you try to save money on your
laundering: the result is more than apt
to be -the opposite of your desires,
j wear and tear of garments excessive
and delivery uncertain. ♦ -;
Our eQuipment means a certainty
of satisfaction and delivery without
i extra cost.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
. 1004 MAMKBX STREET.
- T«lephon> Sonth 420.
|CALiroRNjALIMH^D|
|CALiroRNIAiLIXSITED|
|CIiICAGO T |N DAYS!
■ LEAVES DAILY AT9:SO A.M.I
B_wrrj^oiNE,RSA.KDot.eePHßSgß
Other Saat» F* Trains i
T^Oi.m.l, , - - ,- -
0:30 a. m. I ' For * Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8:00 p. m.j . Merced. ■ Hanford and ViaaJla.
4:00 p. m. ■ For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. -. . For Kansas ' City, Grand Canyoa
v. :. 'j . v and Chlcaco.
Ticket Office* Oil Market st. and Ferry Depot. ■
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak- j
land. Cal. also 2T South First. San Jose.
H To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERQ, Etc. j
Tla Sauaalito r«nry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE. !
Depart 'from San Fraacisco. r dally at f7:uo. I
7:45 8:25. 9:10. 9:50, 11:00 a. m.; 12:20. I:4*
3:15". -4:35. 5:15.. 6:i0. S:3O. 7:15. 10:15 and
11:35 p. m.
. Arr»ve; at San Francisco dally, at to:«i
I 7:»5 8:15. 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 a. - m.; 12:10,- I:3<>
I 2:60." 4:25. 5:05. 5:42. 6.32, 6:97. 7:40 and 11:24
V. m -
v "tDaily? except Bunday.
For Fairfax daily at 7:45 a. m. also Satur-
days at 3:15 p. m.. and daily except Saturday
and Sunday at ;6:15; 6:15 p. m ',
. . THROUGH TRAINS. ; • [
' 7:45 a. m. dally — Casadero and way statlona I
8:15 p. m. * Saturdays only— For Casadero. i
etc. ■'•■■ -•'".. .•-: ': ■• ". .r ■ -.- ■ ••-- \
, ' 8:15 p. - m. daily, except Saturday and Sun- I
day • for Tomales. - etc. — a^*^^*sW^SßßalEP
TICKET OFFICE— Market st.
. FERRY— CnIoo pot, foot of Market st.
Mr, Tamalpais RAt lway
-■ ■Lt San Frucuct - .^JBbbWw • ..- j^. *»" Ttae^* cm
HtTUxUjV "SMTdayi"^Tkriajr
- I 8:S5a(& l|im l:30r «1O:5O*
•:sOa 9:50 a B MB 9:55? 2 Sir
l';4si'"i l':4Sfl fiS^ *-99r <"~"i"iiv
'bttnkri'4:3sp Satordajs ll:l3ir*
"Tia Grant j Cat , V M>.T»«a]yai»tßHiUTafl^
TIOTT I J 650 Makkkt ST.,(North Shore Raiiroect
Wnm \ and Sausauto Fuuiy Foot Market St,
■■■.'■■■" " '- ■ 'TfiiiiTfliTtmrar
RAILWAI' TRAVETfc^IPISi
.f^frTV • Trml«« leave and mrm 4««
ig»3L2cjX to arrive at
rdiiZstr] BAN FRANCISCO.
I J*gm£jj3 j I* 0 * Finuin 1, IMS
. (Toot of Market 3«r*N.}
i'"» - MAIN LINE. - *amrr»
'7 00a Richmond, Port Costa, Va41»;o. r ~~
. VacaTllle. Wln*»rm. RamM>. S nl- -
tun. Benlct*. Elmlnt and Sacra-
mento (ria I» apa Junction) 7-50*
' 7 00a Darts, Woodland, Kalgbca L«a<lln«,
Marysrlllo. Orovllie 7-M*>
7 30a Ntles. Pleasantoa, Llvennore,
Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton 1100s*
7 30a Bhaiu Ezpreta— (Via Mies. B»ora-
mento and Darla), WilUamt.
Willows, tFrnto. Ked Bluff. Port-
lj' lan<i. Taeoma. Seattle 1100s>
7.30 a Atlantic Kxpress— (Via Port Cotta, .
Martinez. Tracy, Stockton, Sacra- >.
mento). Ogden and Baat : B.SOp
8 00a Vallejo. laft, taiUloga, Santa
Rn«a. Martinez. San Ramon t-20*
30a (Golns rla Martinez retarnlDg -»f»
Kites). Tracy. Stocktoa. S»w- ?
man. Loa Banos. Meadota. Ar-
mona, Haßford. Vlialta, Forter
rnio 4.SOF
. 8 30a Port Costa, Marttnes, Aatioca,
Byron. Latbrop, Mudetto. Mer-
ced, Fresno, (iotnon Junction,
Uanford. VUaJla. BakersSeld ... 4.50»
8-30 "<■». San Joae. Pletsanton. I.lT»r '
more, Stockton, (t Milton), L<>dl,
Valley Sprln*. loae. Sacramento,
Marysrllle, Cbleo. Red Blu.t 42O»»
8-30 Ookdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
. nora. Tnolnmne and Ansels ..... 4-20?
8 COa Tn« Orerland Limited — Osd«n.
Omaha. Chicago. Dearer, Sanaa*
«lty • t 50«»
8.30 a Richmond, Marttaei and Way
Stations 6 30*
i 10 00a Vallejo, 4aUy; Sapa. Snnday • *i 0» ft
10 00a Loa Ancelea Paa*enirer — Port
, Costa, Martinet. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop, Merced, Bond.
Fresno, Gosben Junction. H«n-
ford, Lemoore, Visalta. Bakers-
neld. Los Angela* 7Mp>
• 10.00 a Xl Paso. Kaatas City. St. Loals
■ ; ■ and Chleaco.... .' 7-50*
12.00 m Hayward, Kiles and Way Stations. 3.20*
t1 Mp Sacramento Rlrer Steamers.....'... ft I.OQp
2 Joi»Port Coma, Vallejo. Napa. Salann.
Brnlcta, Klm'.r*. WlnMra. Sacra- ,
mento. Woodland. Knlgats
Landing. Ifaryirlileand Ororlll* 18.80 a
3 00p Bayward. yiles. Pleananton, Llver-
more and Way 5tati0n5.;........ " 7 28)*
3.30p Port Couta. Martinez. Byron.Trscy.
Lathrop, Modesto, Merced,
Berendaand Fresno 12-20*
4-GOp Marttnez,San lUmon. ValleJo.Kapa. "
Calistog a, Saau Rosa 920 a
4 30* Hayward, iriles, LlTennor* -j tff^iOA
6.OOPTh« Ow] Limited — Newman, Lot * ■
Banoa. Meudota, Fresno, Tnlare. *
BakenSela. L«« Angeles 8.50 a
8-00* Golden State Limited —Xl Pwo,
Kansas City, St. Lonls and
Chicago BMA
00p Renu Passenger — Mllea (IrTlngtoa,
San J»»e . Ltrennore. Stockton.
. Lodt. Gait, Sacramento. Sparks.
■ Tonopah. Goid9el<l and Keoler.. 8-20 A
i t6 30* Hayward. Slles and San Jos« 7 20a
1 t6 30P Vallejo. Port Costa. Martinez 11.20 a <
B.OOP Hsr ward, Iffietand San Jote »50a
B.OOPKastera Express — Cblcago.
< Denrer, Eanaas City. St. Louis,
Marlines. Stockton. Sacramento.
Coif ax. Reno. Sparkt, Montello,
— _. Ogden 1280*
t/JiQp Rlcbmund. Vallejo, San Pablo. Port
Costa. Martinez and Way Stations 11 20a
700 p Oregon * California Sxprass— via .
Martlnex and Rtockton) Ss>e- ■
■ ramento, Marysrtile. Redding.
Portland. PngatSonnd aad £aat. 1020 A
18-06* Hayward, Niles %nd San Jose (3tu>
m aayonly) and Way stations II Ma
COAST LINE (»arr«w tlupi.
(Foot of M»rlcet Street.)
" 818 a Newark. Centerrtlle. San Joa*.
Felton. Boalder Creek. S»nt»
Cmi and Wsy Statlona 5 S3»>
t2l6* N'ewsr*. Centerrllle. Saa J«—,
New Almaden, Felton,
Boalder Creek. Santa Crua and
Principal Way Stations ......... ttO.S»A
4.lB#>«wark. a>a Jose. Los Oat«w...-| : ]g ||*
<r9-30* Banters' Train (Satarday only) —
I San Joao and Way Stations t7-25»
COAST LINE < Broad hiaiil. .
- Itr (Third and Towaa«n<t Straeta.)
8-1 Oa Saa Josa and Way StaUoaa. 50 •
00a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40P
I.ooa New Almaden (Tnes., Frtd.. only). 4.10P
8 00a Tbe Coaster— dan Jote. 'Salinas.
Ban Ardo. Pazo Rabies. Saau
Margarita, San Lais Oblipo.
Guadalape. Garlot*. Santa Bar-
bara, Saa Bnenarentnra,Oxaard.
Barbank, Lot Angeles 18-50*
8-OOa Gi;roy. Holllster. CastrorUle, Del
Monte. Paciac Qrore. Sorf . Lom-
poc 10-30*
9.00 a »an Jos«, Tres Pin&t.WaUonrllle,
Capltola, ■ Banu Crus, Pactflo <
Grore. Sallnaa. San Lala Oblspo
"-' an 4 Principal War Statlona. ... 4-iOp
10. "a San Jose aatl Way Stations. 120*
11 oOASan Jose and Way Stations........ 7 iQ*
2.15P San Joke and Way SUUont ... 36a
3 COP Del Monte Rxprew— Santa Clara, '.
San Jose, Watsoavtlle, Santa " '
Craz. I" 1 Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Orare IZ-1S?
'3-OOp Los Gatos. Wright, Boaldar Creek.
Santa Crus. rla Santa Clara and .
Vsrrow "10. 45*
5 30* Valfncla St.. South Saa Franclsen,
- Barlinfftnm. San Jose, GUroy.
Hoi lister. Tres Plnoa 10 49a
50* Han Jose and Wsy Stations tt.OOA
• tS-OOpSaaU Clara, Saa Jobe, Lot Gatos,
and principal Waw Statlona rS-OOA
1 5.30 Jose and PrindpalWay Stations 13.40*
64a Sun»et Express.— Hedwood, Saa
Joae.Gllro<r.Sailnas,Pato Robles.
Ban Luis Obtspo. Santa Barbara.
Los Angelen, ['eming, tl Psao.
Xew Orleant..... o.loa
5.46* E: Psso. Kansas City. St. Louis,
, Cnjcago 10-JOp
S.4B*ra]aro, Watsonrille, Capltola.
Santa Cruz. Cattrorille. Del
Monte, Psclflc Grore 10-30f>
16-15? Mairo,Bere«for<l,Belmoai,Bai»
■ Carlos, Ke<lwoo<l. Pair. Oaks,
Menlo Park, Palo Alto. tf.4BA.
6SOp Bsb Jose and Way SUUona. 8-Ma
8 OOp P»Io Alto and Way Sutlons 1015 a
lI.oQp South San Francisco. Ulllbrs*. Bur- -
; lingame. Saa ' Mateo, Helmont,
Ssn Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka, '
Menlo Park, snd fnio Alto t9-4&*
«1130p Maytield. Moamaln View. Sonny- '
- rate. Lawrence. Santa Clart> and
: 8»n Jo»» ". .... tt.450
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Market St.)
'7.11 a.m. 8.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
i ■ 1.00 p.m. 3.00* 6.15pm.
A for Morning. P for Afteraosm
. ' Vaaday exceptcd tsnadayoolr ,
a Saturday only. - , • Monday only.
IStcpt) at_all stations oa Sunday.
CALIFOBNIA NOBTBWESTERN RT Ca
Tll)tixon r«rrr. Foot of Market Stx*«t.
BA3T PBANCI3CO TO SA3T KAfaEL.
WEEK — 7:30. 9:W. ll:0O a. m.; 12;3X
3:SO, 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays Extra trip at 1 50 and 11:30 p.m.
ECXDAYS— 8: CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. i:3O. 3:30.
B:00. «.2O 11:30 p. m. » - «■-
SAJT KATA£L TO SAH PsVsVJTCISCO.
c.£.l£ l>Al"si— «:CS. T:U5.'7:30. »:2U. UUI
a. m. ; 12:S0. 3:40. 3:OU. S:2O p. m.
Saturdays— J£xtra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
; SUNDAYS— S:CO. l»:40. 11:13 a. m. ; 1:* O. 3:40 i
j 4:03. 8:06. 6.28 p. m.
Leave j In Effect J Arrive
gan^Tran. I Oct. 2. 1904. f Ban Fran.
-Week I Sun- I Destlna- j Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. { tlon. I days. I Days.
TTioa"B:C«a ~ 9:10 a «:40a
9:30 a I«naclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p «••« p 8:20 p
6:10 p 5:00 p . ~ - T::a P ■ •
T. 30a ' 8:10 at 8:40
800 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a.
3:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma. - «:0S p «:2O p
5:10 p 3:30 p -- -and . 7:33 p-■ ■ »
<< 1 S:COp _Santa Rosa. . •■ m
; -.30- ~ " ~ - tlO:40 a 10:20 a
8:0Oa Fulton. 7:33 p •:20"»
8:30 p 3:30p '-; .
""""" Windsor, .*.•*"
■T:3Oa 8:00 a HeaWsbur*. • 10:40 a 10:20 *
Lyttcn, *
3:SOp 3:30 p Q«ys«rvill«. 7:33 p «:20 p
I I Clo-v»rdal«._ .
7:30 a; B:COa[ Hopland * 110:40 a|10:20 a
a:3op( 3:30 pi and Cklaa. H:»P' »■*>»
! ' T:3oal 8:00 a{ Wllllts and I 7:33 p| «:20 9
T :90 a! 8 :«0 al Sherwood. f 7:38 P(_"_» »
-„, , e-nnal "'—i 110:40 a|10:20» •
3:TO sj^«||_Owrn«vlll«. _ J _T:M p' 6:» 9
"7T30al 8:00 al " Sonoma I 9:10 al 3:40 a
5":10 "I B:«0 p| QUn Ellen. U:OS pl_ 6:20 p
'I'tnTT^OoTl ' 110:40 a[10:20 a
jiiopl' 383 8 p/ Sevastopol. - t 7,:35 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Gr*en l Bra« " for Saa
Q^ntin- a: Santa Rosa for White . Sulphur
Bprtno and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton * "springs;/ at Oeyserrllle for Skaggs)
Spring*: at Cloverdale for th« Geysers. Boone-
vlll^and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncaa
Sprlna-s. Highland Springs. KeUeyville CarU-
3prmg* Soda Bay. Lakeport, Bartlett
SDrlngs and Lake County Hot Sprtngs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Spring*,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake Witter Spring*
1 ÜBDcr Lake Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's,
I Riverside. LJerly's, ~ ■> Bucknell's. S«nhedr»B
i Heights Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
HouL« 'Comptche, \ Hopkins. Mendoclno City.
Fort Bragg Westport and Csal; at WllUts for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at 3h»r\voo«t
for Canto '■■- Covelo. LaytonvUle, Cummlngs.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. • Frultland.
Dyer. GarbervllU. Camp 3. Pepperwood. Scott*
and Eureka. '.^ ■* Vi>*HMto#^MM«M*WDs|MjsaMa
• Saturday to Monday . round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ■±t ' .' " -
.On Sunday— -trlT> tlckats to all potata
beyond San Rafael at half . rates. ■
: Ticket ; office. . 630 ; Market \ street. Chrontol* *
bulldlof.
JAS L. FRAZIER. R. X WAX,
■•-■' f",en. Manager. ' Gen. . Pass. Agt. ■: .
Weely Gal Uw Year
1112
ONE HUNDRED PER CENT PROFIT 2J SIP
THE^CALL
JOIIX i). BP&ECK>:LS Proprietor
' • AAdresfc CcznMunka'.'.OD* to
«i<»ii\ HcXACCHT. • - j_: Manager
\Y.~jri\lAHTl>f. . . . Hushie&s Majutgcr
TELEPHONE.
A«ft ror TllE. CALL. The r-rator Wil'. Con-
nect You With tue Department ou Wlih.
Publication Otf.cc. ...Narhe! and ThirJ. S. F.
EdltortiU ilootr.* 217 10 £»'l - f»er.»;r *:.
DeiivM-ci by C«.rrier=. 20 Cle. Ter WMk. 70
Cu. Per Mo.V.h. S'.Ticl* Ccp'.es & <:ts.
Tf:ti!> by Mail. Inclad'.cg Fostas* vCa*a \\:th
Orrferr: -, nn
DAILT CALL (inciud; ;-ur.c«y». I year... ?S. oo
DAILY CALL <inclu<J. Bi=.Jar> 3 m0m.... *-00
£»ILY CALL — By B!ncU Month.- «"°-
S'.'NuAY CALL. '; Yew "M
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year I- 0 " 1
FOREIGN .'Dai!} . J- 90 P«r Year Extra
fURI -' u ' - C;JO a- w i 16 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. ２!j . 1 «X> Per Year Extra
ALL PO6T*MABTKRS ARK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCIUPTICNS.
£»mple Copies will be forwarded when re-
CUestcd. ' . .
Vail »übscribcrs in ordering change of ad-
<lren tliould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS Ie orfler to irsvirs a
rroir.pt and correct compliance with tneir re-
quest. -.<"-.■■. -:--■■:-■■
-.-^ OAKLA^CD OFFICE:
XOlO F way Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE J
21«S Center Ptreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:- j
SAMUEL W. WALL. Po«t Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waitforf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
tlr.lon Square; Murray HiU Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Kote! and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great j
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditortum |
Hotel;' Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEOKGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
«Lcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2618. ) i
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE :
FTEPHEN E. SMITH . .. 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
comer Market and Third streets: open until
32 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10OS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 d. m. *
C 27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
M:3O p. m.
f.Oc Hayes reet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3O McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*:'j Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3 941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
30<; Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
J"!»6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. n».
MEETIITG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. .\ R A. M.. a
Swill meet THIS (TUESDAT) 'EVEN- VV
ING, Fetruary 7, at 7:30 o'clock. />f\
stated meeting.
FRANKLIN H." DAT. Secretary.
LI EN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and _
A. M. — Stated eetin# THIS (TUES- wA/
DA Yt EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. y\>\
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary. ' *
CALIFORNIA Lodge of Perfection No. •
1«. A. and A. S. R., 1559 Geary St.- "VST
(•all^d niecUng THIS <TT'E^I>AYi /V\
AFTERNOON at 1 o'clock. Fourth to
thirtfenth degrees inclusive, and evening at
o'clock, fourteenth degree. Visiting breth-
ren cord'aily invited.
CHARLES JELLINEK, Secretary-
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. Q
M. il2Vonic Temple — Stated meeting O^-
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at 8 PlJ\
o'clock. R. C. JEWELL. W. M. '
A B HTJBBARD. Secretary.
SAX FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360. F. Q
and A. M. Miaalon Temple — Stated W
meeting THIS < TUESDAY) EVEN-/VS
ING at S o'clock.
A. A ANDERSON. Sec
IVANHOE Lo<!ge No. 5. X of P , will
confer the Knieht Rank (long form) v,TH>s >
WEDNESDAY. Febrcary S. It»05.
§at 21t) Golden Gate aye., at 8:30 A£re>
r. m. Members of sister lodges
cordially inrtted. L. A. HAECKL. C. C *
O. NORCROSS, K. of R. and S.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
BANK OF CALIFORNIA — NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that in pursuance of a
resolution of the Board of Directors of The
Bank of California, a corporation organized
End existing under th<* laws nf the State of
California, passed and adopted on Tuesday.
th» Sls-t day of January. 1905, at a regular-
routing of said Board duly held at No. 400
California street. in the City and County of
fan Francisco, in the State of California
tihe *a.mr being the banking-house and prin-
cipal place of business of said corporation,
and b^ing the building- where the Board of
Directors of said corporation usually meets).
» meeting of the stockholders of said cor-
poration is hereby called for and will be held
et No. 40<> fornia street. in said City
and County of San Francisco 'the same be-
ing the banking-house and principal place
of business of said corporation, and being
the tuilding where the Board of Directors
of paid corporation usually meets), on TUES-
DAY, the 4th day of April. 1005. at three
o'clock in the afternoon of Faid day, for the
purpose of considering, deciding and acting
upon the proposition to increase the capital
stock of eaid corporation, Th« Bank of Cali-
fornia, from three million (3,000,000) dollars,
divided into thirty thousand (30,000) shares
of the par value of one hundred (100) dol-
lars each, to four million (4.000,000) dollars
to be divided into forty thousand (40.000)
fhHr»> of the par value of one hundred (100)
dollars each. By order of the Board of Dl-
rt-ctor«. Dated Jan. 31st. 1905 ALLEN
M. CLAY. Secretary of The Bank of Caii-
fornia.
ANNUAL meeting — regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Trust
Company cf San Francisco will be held at
the office of the company in the Union Trust
Company's building. 2 Montgomery st Stin
Francisco. Cal.. on THURSDAY, the Oth
<J»y ot February. l&Oo, *t the hour of 2
o'clock r m., for the purpose of electing a
board or erectors to eerve for the following
year. the emendrr.»r.t cf the by-laws of the
toinpany and the transaction of 6uch other
luslnfe* as may come before the meeting
CHARLES J. PEERING. Secretary. *'
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
mg cf th* stockholders of the Matson Navl-
gation Company will be held at the offlce of
Vi- coTOpary. 2- Market St.. Pan Francisco,
Cal.. on THURSDAY, the »th day of Feb-
ruary. 1905. at the hour of 2 o'olcck p m
for the purpose c.T electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
•ranar'-tion cf ruch other business as may
rom* before the meeting. GEORGE A
DOUGLASS. Secretary. L A
EPECIAL niMtlr.E-A special ir.wtlnr of the
rtockho.dert of Spreckels Sugar Company
7£* « Bt th * ffW oi the -company;
."2. Market St., San Francisco. Cal on
TUESDAY, the Hth day of February. l»05
«t the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
r*n>* of amending Art VIII of th<- By-laws
'.n reference to the ciotse of the fiscal y<»ar
By orCer of tl o President.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
CHEAPEST nnd best In America— The Weekly
Call. :e pages, cert to any addresn In the
Lnt'^fl £tste<! t Canada .re year for $1
ASTHMA CURE.
Jjl NOLA'S Avtbma R»m»<Jy relieves l-.suntljr
"«-. 25 S Wic 1002 ll'rket. St. Nlchola*. «1m
VTte.-m.rt. Tenth ar.d Wart!rston. OakUnd.
ATTOKKrTS-AT-LAW.
Ad»-Ice lr*e In ail legal matters; private CtTorces
a rperfaity; quick, culet; no pay unless divorce
It rrantci: collectic-ns made; partnership bill of
*n!«\ will*, deed*; etc.. drawn. Op*n evening*
ty request. K3tft.bllEt-.e6 22 years G W
HQ-.VS. 1122 Market st . bet. Mason & Taylor/
ADVICE free, private. confl<Jentia]j buslneKs
lecalty anfl promptly transacted; attachments
<v.IU-cllos«. probate, mochanlcs' \amrn, teaanu
ejected, fcanlcrupicy: contracts, wills. «-tc .
«irawn. W. MATTHEWS. 632 Market, r. 23.
P.. W. KINO. Attorney at-Law, Exam. bl<ig..
€th f!oor: ecjtnancc room Cll; cetsbiished 20
rear»; all courts, general court and offlce
jirntticp; M t f«es In advance or for consu!ta-
Ji«on: tver.Jng by appointment. IVI. R«<] *601.
AimCE fr«e: )«fgal, C'.vorce. c-csts"sl27 sll law
race* ban4l«6; no fee in fcivaTice; open Bat-
jrday »mea!sjtra other «vr3iag« by appolnt-
tr.ent; call «j»d fa-.e mctiey. KlO Market, r. 33.
AA— :nvor;CE; cc«t Sl2; quick, quiet; sdvico
rr»e: sill law • ness; >no cl:«rt;e un>*s «uc-
cf.stfnl: ci.en evenings. r>27 *!•!•'.. et. room 301.
IF you «e*J • lawyer consult me at once: low-
••*t i**.. It. If. HnATH.~PSSJan-.es VtmA bl-1.
L. S. CI^AKK. t27 Market, room 304; conmlta-
Uoo free, uo :•*• in advance: 1 open eventojrs. '
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted at Maternity Villa; r-rlvate.
DR. EMILin.F'JNKE. 1410 6th St.. Alair.eJa.
AdCKTS \7A2JTED.
YOUR chance; Quick money: trace quif-icly
learr.ed that act« r>ocr >0c to Sic P«r hour: mall
instructions ootnpiete, $1; no trifler*. \YAT-
EOK. tmOe agvr.i. 642 Folsom St.. S. P.. Cal.
AGENTS starte'f lnTw.-inftys; no capital; goo<!
woskers ma** $'.00 month. Box COIS, Call.
ÜBEHAL conjn-.!r.s!on. Csil er aJ'lrees 1832
Bro«diray. Onklar.d: p!;on* Main 609. -
AT7TOMOBII.ES.
WANTED— A s-Trii-1 iincl automobile in good
con3:;ion. Eox s£iS. Call offlce. I
BOARDING FOB CffXXiDBEN".
LADY r.o-i!j like to care for child from 2 to 5
years old. Call 491 Fourth St.; MARTIN.
CHILD to beard: German lady; sunny home,
Sui Rafsei. See lady 843S Seventeenth St.
BUSINESS CHAKOES.
A—$1800;A — $1800; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.. one of
the best corners; investigate at once; th'.s
is a rare chance; disagreement of partners
only cause of sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. ■ - '
$3000-- BAKERY and coffee saloon; estab.
many years; clearing never less than $300
per ironth; must b« sold, at once, as owner
is engaged in another large enterprise. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— slsoo; CORNER saloon, opp. cable-hcuse;
place doing a flrst-class business; cigar
stand in front and a good business offer.
See R. G. WILKE, 26'« i Kearny st. ■ (
■ — ____— — — — ,
A— s22oo; CANDY store and factory;, in best!
business town .across the bay; store elegantly
furnished: soda fountain, etc.; the leading- |
place in tha> city; a rare chance: investigate
at once. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— S1000; HALF interest in millinery store; .
one of th- best In this city; retiring partner
to go to the country: location close to Mar-
k>t st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny 9t.
A—S35O;A — S350; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Ellis pt.; 4 living rooms; rent $17;
r bargain. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
a"-^53500; HOTEL with property 3 lots, house
12 rooms, barroom, fine grounds; about 120
miles frcm B. F.: license $21 per quarter.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$1000; BUTCHFR Khop on Third St.; dally
receipts abov© $30; horse, wagen; lease; good
business. S*e R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— sl2oo; EAKERY in lively town. 30 miles
from S. F.: rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Keamy st. '
A— s22oo; COFFEE saloon in best location;
re:*t *50; place taking in above $70 per day;
10 years' lease: a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A—£22so;A — £2250; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons, net rent $34; estab.
years; owner a widow; must sell at once, as
she wants to leave the State. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St. ■-■
A— s2ooo; RESTAURANT and lodging-house;
130 beds; rent $S0; located Sacramento and
Montgomery sts.: place clears about $300 per
month. See K. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— s3ooo; CORNER grocery, kept by owner 8
years; doing a large business; owner has an-
other corner grocery and bar for $8000; must
se'.i either one; take your choice; location the
be?t. Sec R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A—s7so;A — $750; DRY goods and notion store in Berke-
ley; rent $18; 5 living rooms; a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 2»>V. Kearny.
A—s3ooo;A — $3000; CORNER saloon on Shcth Bt. place
doing a good paying business; estab. years:
lease; a fln>t-cla«s business proposition. For
particulars see.R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
— $800: OYSTER I and chop house, close ..to
Market and 7th sts.: rent $29; good business; ,
owner must sell this place or his otMer oyster
and chop house on • Montgomery aye. ; price
$450; rent $16; come Investigate and take
your choice. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— sl2oo: ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished . rooms;
rent $16; lease ;• shuffiet>oard ; place estab-
lished many years; best location on San Ma-
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%. Kearny.
A— s22oo: CORNER saloon on California st.:
rent $75; old established business and good
}>aving place; fine fixtures; large stock; a
bafga'n. Call R. G.. WILKE,. 26% Kearny.
A SSOO; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carbouses; 5 roome;-rent $3.": established
yfars; doing a flrst-class business; Investi-
nat»; this If a good business and<a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— -$4000; BAKERT and confectionery, estab-
lished many years: baking 7 barrels per day:
6 horses, wagons and buggy: one of. the best
in this city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— *soo; HARDWARE. locksmith and electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Krarr.}- »t.
A— $1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. " See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— s3soo; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
B290O; stock guaranteed; , one block north of
Market: a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st. -
A— $1800; RESTAURANT and -coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo-
cated close to Market and a good business
CaU on R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny- st.
A— sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms; on Sacramento st. ; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the- very best location. See
_R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat: value in sight
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. «
A— R. E. CALLAHAN, 26 Montgomery St.,
Telephone James 6301.
Business Loratlons and Leases a Specialty.
I will positively guarantee any place I ad-
vertise to be exactly as represented. Will
give you from 5 to 10 days to investigate.
You cannot find any of my, opportunities In
any other" of flee. All business strictly confi-
dential. >
A—lA — I HAVE a client who wishes to invest $20,-
000 in hardware business in city; if you
have a bona fide proposition for this amount
of money, let me hear from you. -• - * ■ ■
R. E. CALLAHAN. 26 Montgomery St.
WANTED— A man with $20,000 to take an In-
terest in 3 mine* located in Nevada; money
to be used for developing purposes and neces-
sary mills; over 100, tons of ore now In
sight that will run from $435 to $35 per ton;
Fampies of ore can be seen at ■ room 3, 26
Montgomery St. R.;E. CALLAHAN. ,;
HAVING exclusive control ■ of profitable and i
established manufacturing business, with un-
limited possibilities, desire party with ample
means to become Interested; sufficient In-
vestment will secure-managing control -of a
gilt-edge business proposition. Box 6160, Call.
IF looking for a safe Investment that will pay
I.'. per cent per annum, write for particulars;
trlflers not expected to reply. * This Is : an
honest proposition, backed by honest people.
Box CO6O. Call. . . ;>
I HAVE $2250 to Invest in come good, leglti-
mate. profitable : business ' where ■ I caa also
• mi>!c> my time; can give references. Reply
with full particulars to box 5297, Call office.
No agents. ..' •
ANY honest man with $1600 cash , can make !
money with me; references exchanged. D'
W. PHILBRICK. 44f>i$ Guerrero St. N. B.—
No tiifi*>!u need call.
TOUNO mar. with $250 wanted as partner to
attend to light work with horse and buggy
2'il Kearny »t.. room 4. ■.
$225- SACRIFICE on account of other busi-
ne*s; complete home, wltn store; no reason-
able offer refused: no agents. 204 - First st.
* • - ■
$175 W *old at once; <Jellcate««en home cook-
r?;fi from U t0 80 hoardei-s: cauee sickness
IS3i In inn »t.; tel. Scott 2727.
I\>H , S , AI - E - - For $2SOO, grocery and bar with
4 llvlnc rooms and stable; thl« is a bargain
ar.d J must MIL liox MO4. cc n || office. ■
SALE— A very fine hotel proposition in
Xallejo: good trade; good > profit. Address
for further particulars, hox 5101.. Call offlce
A FINE_ meat markot^ poultry \ and \ vegetable
s-an-l for sale In Oakland, good trade, bual-
titw location; make offer. Box 5202. Call.
NEWSPAPER rout, tar sale In Oakland;, a
good Call route In Oakland for sale, j Apply
- . «t Call buslnrirs efflce for particulars. • -*
STEAT»T man aa a partner to do plain light
■work In; it ciish btislnms; sure prcflt of $80 a
-.; mentn to afh. 6.C Mcrhet it., room 6. - •.-. ..
FOR 6A LE— Bakery.'- grocery. '. ' delicacy < old
establlihed. . good paying business. 42?, 4th st.
WANTED— To V buy "a* delicatessen store for
ca*h. Box 4905. Call. ,
WOULD" like to buy a bnuicti baking and . no-
tion stor*. Address, box 5198, Call offlo*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 7, 1905.
' BTTSIN-RSS CHANCES — Continued.
— CAMEP.OX & CO." "" " Phone South 1030.
. :. Eddy .^t., cor. i Market I and - Powell* ■; •
Headquarters for all kinds t>i business chances.
A— SISOO: flrst-class ■' saloon on fine corner."
•a holcjale district; rent only $60: j doing good
business; no night or : Sunday • work ; big , op-
portunity. See CAMERON & CO.
— Partner in long established ■ under-
talcing business, S. - F.; must be : German,
Catholic, not over 40 years old; have flrst-
class equipments, ' fine hear3e. carriages,
horses a:ul harness; '.cwns . own; building;
cfcanoe of lifetime to step into substantial,
paying business for lew price of $3500; part
down ; gooil . man needed more than money.
: CAMEKON. & CO. ' . " -.'
FOIJ sale— 32 fine copper claims, north of , San
Francisco; title perfect; 2 mountains of ore:
Selby's assay. lowest 2.1 per cent, highest '4o
per cent: solid ore ' : from : surface. ■ solid , ore
from ledge, no waste; [35 • miles from coast,
. on rivt'r; water, wood and coal plenty; gold
enough to pay for expense of working mine:
$4,000.C00 worth of copper within 100 feet of
. surface. For further particulars see CAM-
. ERON & CO.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
San Francisco's Leading Agent,
917 Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
ARE you disgusted with working for others,
and would like to associate yourself with a
good, reliable and energetic man who con-
ducts an old established business which Is
clearing $200 to $250 monthly? If your an-
swer is yes, and if you have $300 capital to
Invest I would advise you to call and have a
talk with me and I will give you full de-
tails. BROOKBANK.
J. B. OBERLE. W ' H. MASSEY.
EAGLE REALTY OFFICE.
230 Kearny st.. rooms 1-2. Phone Black 0694.
$125 — Flat, 7 rooms; nicely furnished; rent
$15; big sacrifice. 230 Kearny st.
$450 — Corner saloon; license, stock; good
trade; must be sold to-day. 230 Kearny st.
$850 — Corner grocery and saloon; license,
stock: 3 living rocms; rent $35. 230 Kearny st.
$27."> — 10-rc.om house; fine furniture; rent $40;
200 other bargains. 230 Kearny .st.
$350 — BAKERY: living rooms; horse and
wagon; across the bay; must be sold at once;
owner going East. M. LESS & CO., room 31.
Bacon block. Oakland. CaL
FREE.
For the purpose nf advertising our business
all property and business listed with us and
sold on or before March 1. 1905. will be done
co free of charge. To buyers: Please call
and see our free list of opportunities in all
lines of business and in all parts of city;
hank and commercial references.
ODONNELL, JEPSON & CO.,
Real Estate and Business Brokers.
1130 Market st.
$1100— CORNER saloon, building included: 0
living rooms; cheap ground rent. M. LESS
& CO.. room 31. Bacon block, Oakland. Cal.
$500— PARTNER, gentile; specialty, men's
clothing, street car. mail carriers' uniform?,
etc.; agency California. Box 6081, Call.
WANTED — Partner In lumber and shipping
business: must Invest $5000. Apply 632
Market St.. room 23.
A PARTNER wanted in old established busi-
ness; small capital required. Particulars 47
Geary, room 6.
FOR sale — Rooming and boarding house; 15
roomn, all full; rent $40; at ycur own price.
323 First st.
SHOOTING gallery, moving targets, electric
motor, graphophor.e and building rent $5.
Particular*, 116 A Eleventh st.
OCEAN boulevard; old established roadhouse
to let; 141»i 49th aye. Call at 1795 Ellis st.
FOR rent— Cigar store. 510 Kearny st.
$1400 — ELEGANT saloon and dance hall;
loase; worth $2000. 440 Pacific St.
CHEAP good bualnesf; candy, stationery, toys,
cigars, etc. 1005 Folsom St.
LIQUOR store and saloon; fine wine cellar;good
lease; good cor. ; $2250. 2898 16th.cor.Howard.
WANTED — A branch bakery, notions, candy;
good locality. Box 5655, Call office.
Restaurant for sale; centrally located; estab-
lished 2.% years; must »<?11 at once. 181 Sixth.
CABPET BZ ATIKO AND CLEAKiyO.
COMPRESSED Air and , Vacuum" Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. .
WHEN . you become disgusted J with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISO 9 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO. ; phone Mission 225. V
TEL. Sutter 1981— STAR RENOVATING CO..
530 G. ■G. aye. ; carpet clean., fit, lay.; reas.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74. <r
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 300. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170.'} Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CEEDIT CLOTHIEES.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason stT^cflothTng
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
LODGING-HOUSES FOS SALE.
A. CAMERON &. CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
53 rooms; fine corner; rent only $200; water
free; well furnished and equipped apartmem-
house; fine neighborhood; near Larkin st. ; al-
ways full and clears over $200 per month;
owner retiring from business; fine investment
at $4200; exclusively with us.
100-room grand new modern building In
heart of business center; has all up-to-date,
equipments; electric elevator lights, steam,
heat, carpets, furniture and draperies of the
best; cheap rent; long lease; this opportunity
should not be overlooked to get first-class
business that will clear $400 to $500 for one-
third the cost to furnish; owner leaving city;
exclusively with us; price $5000.
14 rooms, Eddy; cheap rent; well furnished
in oak; with good carpets: pert -housekeeping;
where you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work; price
$700.
One of the swelleet 83-room family hotels In
San Francisco, catering to same class of people
as St. Franols or Palace; furniture, carpets
and furnishings of the best; everything up to
date: there is nothing that excels it in this
city; never been on market before; this hotel
now clears, over all expenses, ?1400 per month;
best of reasons for selling; this house cost
$40,000 to furnish ; to be sacrificed for $24,000;
exclusively with us.
60 rooms; new and elegantly furnished In
weathered oak, mahogany and blrdseye maple;
best ot velvet and Axmlnater carpets; grand
new modern building; long lease; cheap rent:
will guarantee to clear $300 per month; never
been on market before; illness in family cause
sale; only with us.
9-room modern upper flat; rent $50, water
free: only 5 months furnished, with elegant
furnishings; choice block Ellis st. ; $300 down,
balance can be paid $25 per month.
30 rooms: flrst-class: new transient house;
w«ll furnished and doing fine business; owners
are getting old and wish to retire from busi-
ness.
11 rooms; Geary, close In; cheap rent; fur-
nished In oak and mahogany: carpets first
claFs: all full and clearing nice little income;
must leave city; price $750.
A. CAMERON A CO., 3 Eddy st.
A— JUST A FEJW OF MANT BARGAINS.
22 rooms: $160 cash, bal. payments to suit.
<V> rooms;' fine cor.; $2000 cash, bal. terms
11 rooms; $250 cash; a beautiful home.
10 rooms; clears $50: only $300
110 rooms: money-maker; reduced $.VVW)
12 rooms; Sixth and Market; only $3fK>
M.my rthfr? not advertised. Please call.
RETSLOFF & BPAUI.DING, rooms 6 and
6A, 900 Market St., corner Ellis.
FISHER 3t CO.,
Successors to Mitchell & Co., in rooming-
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market, room 436; phone Main ;t3!H.
IN the very heart of Oakland, 66 rooms, corner,
bay windows on side and front; nicely fur-
nished: rent $130; new lease; clearing: from
$200 to $250 n*r month; it Is going to be
sold; what will you give for It? MITCH-
ENER & BARTON, 916 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sal* very ph«tp. furniture of 8 rooms.
with lease; very good location. Call Im-
mediately at 41* Post st
BARGAIN— IC-rootn house, well furnished. In
hou««k<*eplnK apartm»nts; north of Market,
near Polk: b«st offer takes it. Box 6052. Call.
[ FOR sale - Lodging house of 25 rootna. Apply
868 Washington St., Oakland.
LODOIKO-HOITSES
Money to Loan. Tel. (private line) Main 33-4-3.
U-Ji— R— l— O— N o_R_l— F— F— l— N .
M— A— R— l— O— N G— R —l— F— F— I— N .
UP-TO-DATE Offices In James Flood Bldg.,
Corner Market and Powell sts.
Market-st. Entrance Opposite "Emporium."
Ellis-st. Entrance Opposite "Golden West
Hotel."
Suite 801 Near Elevators.
Free services to buyers. Titles guaranteed.
We sell any house or the installment plan.
N. B. 9
—FOR RENT. FURNISHED—
Doing a good business; a large, modern
apartment house; in a fine location; with
proper management It should clear $350 month-
ly- MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 15—
O>fE of our unmarried gentlemen clients
owns a beautifully furnished 15-room house;
wants a housekeeper with $200, who may have
all the profits.
—NO. 30—
DEATH of owner makes sale imperative of
a well furnished, corner, 30-room house, with
27 big and sunny bay-windows; profit $143
monthly.
— Lease If you prefer It —
MAKE YOUR OWN OFFER TO
—MARION GRIFFIN—
P. S. — ThU housa can be successfully man-
aged by either man or woman.
—NO. 22—
MEDIUM grade house of 22 rooms; on street
car crossing north of Market; rent $70. (Why,
that's only a little over $3 a room)! Worth
$1400, will take $900. Roomers pay $8 per
room. "What wculd the profit bo?
MARION GRIFFIN.
— Room 801 —
—James Flood Building—
Market-st. Entrance Opposite "Emporium.'*
—NO. 109—
"The Finest"
Straight Rooming-house.)
109-room house; new and modern in
—Every Detail —
No finer or more costly fi rnishings can be
found in any hotel or rooming- house in this
city. Suites bring $40 to J75 per month. Not
a vacant room.
— Lease for 10 years —
— Profit for January-, $611 —
Books will be shown ancL Cullest particulars
will be given tc any buyer who comes with an
agent from MARION GRIFFIN'S Offlce,
But not otherwise.
—NO. 52—
"AN AIR OF WEALTH PERVADES IT."
House of half-a-hundred gorgeously furnished
rooms. Any good manager could
—Bank $350 monthly —
— As the present owner does —
Owing to the necessity of changing climate,
owner will sell for M. less than ccst. Terms,
$1500 down and installments as made in the
business.
— See —
MARION GRIFFIN.
— Our Agent —
—NO. 14—
REWARD OFFERED.
READ AND BE WISE.
A corner house of 14 rooms, near Geary and
Taylor. Profit $89 50 over rent and all ex-
penses. Price $1200; half cash and little In-
stallments. Landlady only cares for 3 rooms.
— "IS IT CLEAN?" —
If you can find one ounce of dirt in that
lady's house we will pay you a LIBERAL
REWARD.
• Signed) MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 30—
"BACHELOR'S HOME"; 30 rooms; rent
$90; all rooms occupied permanently by men.
Price $850. MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 17—
RICHLY FURNISHED home of 17 rooms;
near Sutter and Hyde; income $63 over ex-
penses.
An exclusive home.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801,
James Flood Building,
Opp. "Emporium."
FOR sale — 20-room lodging-house; must sell;
leaving city. Inquire 629 Clay st.
FOR sale— Rooming-house at 923^ Mission
St.; no agent.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
Eoominj-Houiei sad Hotels for Sal*.
H. C. DECKEH, 906 MARKET ST.; PHONE
JOHN 531.
Headquarters for
Rooming-houses,
Lodging-houses,
Apartment -houses.
Hotels. Boarding-houses,
Flato, Private Homes,
Stores. Flusiness Opportunities.
City and Country Real Estate
For sale and exchange.
Over 20 years selling places in this city.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
RICHARD MAYO.
THE EMINENT
CLAIRVOYANT,
421A— ELLIS ST. — 121 A
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
REDUCED FEE.
At a glance the great master of secrets
knows all; he asks no questions and makes
no guesses, but tells you to the point Just
what you want to know, what to do and
what to expect, giving names, dates, loca-
tions, etc., concerning any one or anything;
secret knowledge and Influence placed in your
own hands to remove the cause of any
trouble, failure, Influence, disease, misfor-
tune or unhappiness. and opens a quick and
sure way for relief, success. Information,
happiness and the contentment you most de-
i sire; business, health, love, marriage, dl-
v vorce, property, money, speculation, family
affairs, changes, positions, personal magnet-
ism, physical development, power, etc.
Richard Mayo understands nature's condi-
tions and desires of humanity and is most
generous, sympathetic and confidential with
all who seek his counsel; the special 50c fee
is made this week to give those In moderate
circumstances who are troubled, discontented
or unsuccessful a chance to consult him;
regular fet $5 and up; remember. If nothing
can be done to your complete satisfaction no
charge will be made.
The secret art of calling you by your full
name, also giving your age, occupation, etc.,
etc., will be demonstrated free.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. daily and Sunday.
Private flat,
421 A Ellis St., near Jones.
MMB. LYNN,
The Eminent Clairvoyant — Psychic — Mystic.
SPECIAL REDUCTION THIS WEEK.
Readings 50c 80c 50c 50c r.oc 50c 50c 50c
Wonderful, bewildering is the work of
Mme. Lynn, whose readings are a revelation;
advice on love, marriage, courtship, business,
mines; also reunites the separated; gives
secret power to control any one in 21 days.
She tells you full name and what you want
to know. All business strictly confidential.
239 Powell st., near Geary.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 3 p. m,
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, who has
been before the public In this city for 20
years, is permanently located at 17 Third St..
next Examiner bldg.; she reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurats description of the past,
reveals the present happenings and portray*
events to occur in the future: If you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with life
or have domestic, love or business trouble*
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them; valuable advice
all affairs in life. FREE consultation; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
26^ Kearny st.
MMF. PORTEn. clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight; tells past, present, future;
ladies. Me; gents by cards. $1 ; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 308 Jones, nr. Eddy.
ISMAR. Egyptian peeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to S p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evunlnjr. 6to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE. 810 Ellis at, clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MME. ODELL., clairvoyant, card and teacup
reader; reasonable. 222% Eddy St.. near
Jones,
LINDO — Don't fall to consult this famous clair-
voyant, psychic and healer, 17 8d St., next Ex-
aminer bid. : hours 9 a-m. to 8 p.m. ; rdg. 50c.
MME. IvRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; when others fail try me; read-
ings 2fic. 102 1 / i Sixth St., near Mission.
MIKS ZEMDAR. younc lifted dair.. palm.;
_ names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G.
MISS WARD, 1306 MarkeTst, parlor 31. clalr-
_voyant, gives names, dates; take elevator.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 108 6th St., rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
tkller. is now at 317 Ellis st. '
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. KONOLD CONNOLL, 148 Sixth St. —
meeting every night; all tests; ladles' cir.
Wed , 2:30; readings.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader, 1200 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S marvelous spirit messages to-
night, 019 McAllister, 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGAX holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
FRED P. EVANS, the world's most famous
slate-writing psychic. Office 1112 Eddy st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium; 356S 17th
St.; readings 1 to 5; tel. Capp $56.
COLLECTION OFFXCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. TeL Main 5680.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg. r. 410-
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DENTISTS.
DR. F. H. CAMP uses the Basford Obtunder,
the only device by means of which sensitive
teeth may be drilled or ground absolutely
without pain. For a demonstration call at
rooms 517-18 Callaghan blag., corner Market
and McAllister sts.; phone Howard 3563.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50; fillings 50e;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings. 25c.
FILLINGS. 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. NSW
YORK DENTISTS, 069 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD lilllngs. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,lol% Grant aye.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist. r. 14. 15t
floor. Phelan bid., 8U« Market, cor. O' Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND
MRS. T. CLUNE of New York opens dress-
Tnaking parlors at 2170 Post St., opp. Hamil-
ton Square; prices reasonable. S. T. Taylor
eystom.
.McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 1 10 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges, Is now in its twelfth year; the work
is better than ever before; departments in
English literature, languages, mathematics,
history, sciences, etc., cannot be surpassed
in excellence of instruction; two of the best
teachers in California are In charge of Eng-
lish and of mathematics. Come and we wtll
prepare you well. Refs. President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Day and even-
ing sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THR Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical college:
refs.. Professor Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
BOOKKEEPING. En*., Math. etc.. day and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkin st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec.. mm.. meeh., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st!
Established 1863; largest In the West: an-
nual tnronment 1000: send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2126 Cali-
fornia st. ; Easter term begins • Tueeday,
January 8, 1905.
A— METROPOLITAN Bua Col.. 602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
Arlth.,gram.,bookkpg,shorthand.ss mo. ;day,ev».
mdlv. instruc. Western Bus. Col., 1281 Mkt. n.9th
Thorough French tuition, beginners or advanced;
home or studio. Mme. Osborn, 1460 Hyde.
YOUTH wishes drawing instruction in pen and
ink or charcoal: state terms. Box 5205, Call.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2105 Golden Gate Rye. : resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert, 217 Parrott building.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION '^— Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
SPANlSH. French.etc. Prof. De Fll'.ppe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs.
EMPIOTMEHT OFFICES.
A — ORPHF-UM ': Employment " Office— Japanese -
Chinese help. ■ 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE :■ and ~ Chinese help. - WM.
; ' TOSH Y. 418 Stockton : st. : tel. i Bush 859. * ,
RELIABLE ; Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all k>nds help. 313 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese I help; estab. 20 years.'
Tel. Main 1997.1 BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOTMSBT -^ WAJTTED — PEMAT.E.
A-^WOMAN.wIth a child, good cook, wants po-
'< sltlon, : city, country. . 324 Mason; tel.,' Black
'"'■ 2390. : '."• • -■-'.■ A- ■■:;--:,:-,.:•.} ■ .r^--.
— WAITRESS, experienced, wanti ; position,
hotel, restaurant. 324 Mason ; tel. Black 239«.
A MIDDLE-AGED Eastern' woman wants a
• I situation lin• an ■ American family; Is . a good
: cook; will do washing; kind to children; will
go a short distance In the country; -wages $15
j to $20. v 794 Folsom Et. ■'• u_' '-.■ -. ■-. ■.--■'-  ' • .
DRESSMAKER.':, ladles', .tailor. on suits , and
■ :- coats, 1 evening gowns, . experienced cutter and
j fitter, designer; ' only a flrst-class work; fits
1 . guaranteed. - MISS BARSS. ■ Sherman • House,
s ; 28 Eighth st."..' , ;. " ;-./..- ;.. ,
TOUNO woman with experience would like po.
" * sltion >In store -■ as - saleslady - or : cashier; ■ can
V furnish best of references. ■- MISS R. H./299
Hyde st. ;= phone ; Hyde ; 2876.
RESPECTABLE * young h woman :s: s with . a ': little ■
•■ <- girl of 4 years .wants position as housekeeper,'
"j ■ or would do housework in family of 'adults.
; Please call i at 1346 Utah st.' \'. ;. -; ;
A *. RELIABLE % woman wants > place to take
■; care of; invalid or children; is kind and oblig-
ing; references. Apply ■or ■ address Nurse.
$Z 9BB; Mission st. ; ',?■« : "'.\. '" " i' ■ , ' :'
SITUATION a flrst-class French cook; is a
v' good baker; salary $40; city references. Box
•f. 5823. Call offlce. v VJ : , . "
■ RESPECTABLE "5 woman . wlthV a little ' child
.; wishes to assist in light housework for room
• •;• and board. Box 6179. 3 Call office. ; • : ,
TOUNO 1 colored ; girl wishes situation :as maid
i\ and f seamstress > or * chambermaid 1 or I waitress
or laundress. M. B. JORDAN, 1006 Clay st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress; good references:
£J $1 60 a day. Please call : after 10 a. m., 550
Zi Stockton;st. ; phone James, 1141, or write. :
LACE curtains done; no acids used: ref-
;Vi erences; s reasonable; ; take I'• washing 5 home
>: r private. 103 Cedar aye. ;V^t; j ■■ •• .;.. .
COMPETENT infant's t nurse t wishes a ' situa-
%■: tlon: good : references. v 211 Minna ■ St., near
,-.;;. Third. ;r.r;--- ; -' >._..;> ■ :,;;. :i: i : J '--: < -^; ■ -: ; ' ;; ■' :■ - : .-
RELIABLE girl wants chamberwork and sow-
v'" ing: references 1 and experience. Phone South
11C2. :?,-.-xS:i:SL ■-:-" t;^S^J; ,•■'.■- ■•■?;"<. ,-.-;■-•• »- ;
• NEAT,' girl ' wants * housework « ln •■ the : country: "
references. 138 " McAllister st.; 'phone : South
';jll(g.v^'- y.--,-/- "v : : -....:: ■_. '-■;../. ,.-.:;■..-■
A4 * POSITION >'• as .' nursery ; governess. . ' 274 A
:•■■■ Shipley st. . ... "■•"lWWlft' l !l l ilPiltfc ff** 1
GOOD i washer • and 3 house-cleaner; r by ; the - l day
&:5 hour; • references. 108 Cedar ave. *_.•;.-. c -:c
TOUNO German \ woman 'i wants < situation; 'Is
p -, experienced i cook: wages sno h less . than • $30.'
Address 144 Day Bt.. near Church. ■
EKPIOYMEHT WAKT333>— remala— Con
DANISH girl wants. work by day; $1 50 and
carfare. 1437 Jackson st. .
A ■"•PROTESTANT lady wants a - place as
• housekeeper, or, care for Invalid. Apply 858
': Folsom . st., city. -
A "SCIENTIFIC masseuse would like position
. lr. hcspltal or sanitarium or would take a
few more : private cases. MISS C. WIL-
CO3f. 3044 Sacramento st.
LADY of refinement, intelligence and expe-
v. rience .. wants ■ position as chaperon to one.
- three ■or five . young ; ladles traveling. Box
591M5. Call offlce.
CASHIER and ■ offlce assistant desires posi-
tion: ; has been 12 years with present firm,
> who - are retiring from business. A I ref er-
ences. Box 685.:. Call office.
A ■ RESPECTABLE - young woman would like
: another engagement as nurse for ladles In
' confinement; willing to do light housework:
reference given. C. A., box 5626, Call offlce.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a posi-
tion as ■' a cook; city or country. 130
Ninth st. ■-..-; :\ ".-''-..-.'
TOUNG English trained nurse desires engage-
ments confinement cases: reasonable: highest
references. MRS. J-, 426 Lily aye. ■ ■ \
WOMAN wants general housework by week or
' day, washing or housecleanlng. Please call
\ : or, address 1057 Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED German widow wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper, or nurse for Invalid.
■ Address 1121 Stanyan St.; phone Waller 523.
NEAT youn* German girl wishes position for
housework in German famib-. Apply 14_1
Mission st. ' 1- . , . ;' *. ■ ' . '"
GERMAN woman wishes a few places washing
and Ironing. $1 25_a day. 108 Sixth st.
ELDERLY lady . wishes to keep house for
' widower; no washing; or care for child. Call
or address 1777 Stockton it. ■:-:, :
WANTED— Situation aa cook. 1115% Bryant
street. ; . ... JT";;
POSITION wanted by dressmaker to go out
: by the day. 2023 Mission st. .- .
YOUNG girl would like position to take care
of children. Call 1915 Franklin st.
REFINED German, experienced In housework
. and sewing, wants position.- Box 6080. Call.
PLAIN sewing. 638 Chestnut St. .
LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 7931. . ,
LADY of good appearance wishes position in
physician's offlce. Box 5454. Call offlce.
LADY, wishes position to take charge of room-
ing-house. Box 5446, Call offlc*.
JAPANESE girl wants position as cook or
housework; good reference. TAKATA, 518
Jessie st.
YOUNG Japanese girl who has Just come
from Japan wants a position as schoolgirl In
small family; city. H. NAKASAKA. 811
Stockton st.
A JAPANESE girl wants position doing plain
cooking and general housework. 518 Jessie
' st.; phone South 99. '
YOUNG Japanese girl wants position in small
family. Address S. HOIMOTO. 640 Pine st.
EKPLOTHXHT WAHTED — HALS.
MIDDLE-AGED man, business experience,
speaks English. French, German, seeks work,
clerical or about place, care of invalid, any-
thing; references; small wages. Box 6178,
Call office.
A A — A COMPETENT, experienced man wishes
position; used to car* of horses, garden:
handy with tools; good references. Box
6058. Call office.
EMPLOYERS, ladies or gentlemen — Am young,
single man. handy and willing worker, wish-
ing employment, general or private, city or
country- Box 5827. Call offlce.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation as clerk in grocery store and
barroom; good references. W. BOHLJNG,
417 Kearny st.
YOUNG married man, with experienos in of-
fice and outside work, would like position
with reliable firm for whole or part of day.
Box 6180, Call offlce.
WANTED — By an experienced, reliable man.
a position as bookkeeper, or office work of
any kind: first-class references. Box 1644.
Call office^
COMPETENT, middle-aged man wishes work;
is willing to do anything: speaks both Eng-
lish and German. Address box 5819. Call.
HANDY man. can take care of horses, milk
cews, do garden or lawn work. and handy
with tools, wants work. Box 5828, Call.
ANA employment wanted by young man handy
with carpenters' and painters' tools; arouud
hotel building or private place. Box 5541.Ca11.
YOUNG man wishes position as all-around
handy man; city or country. Box 5821,
Call offlce.
BAKER'S helper want* a position; city or
country, or work of any kind. Box 5825,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class oolored cook
or butler. P. D., 825 Chester St.. Oakland.
STRONG young man woqld like a position to
learn blacksmlthlng. Box 5961, Call office.
VERY good bricklayer wants work by day.
week or contract. Call at 1219 Market st.
BOY of 18 years? good penman; understands
bookkkeeping. Address 519 Brannan st.
ELDERLY man wants work aa Janitor, watch-
man, elevator; references. Box 5826, Call.
BOY want* work of any kind. 275 A Minna
street.
ELECTRICIAN, willing to take wiring or Hn«
work; good references; wtll go to country.
R. F. R., box 5432. Call offlce.
GENERAL farm hand: can take care of horaes
and milk; can run any kind <of machinery,
gasoline or steam engine. Box 5549, Call.
WISH charge of fruit, grain, stock or dairy
or poultry ranch; experienced, capable; use
all tools; handy at anything: married; no
children; references. E. X. L-, 536 McAl-
lister st.
ENGINEER and practical electrician wants po-
sition where electric lighting Is a specialty;
with present employer eight years; good ref-
erences. Box 6131. Call offlce.
GARDENER (single) wishes situation; com-
petent in greenhouses, orchard, vegetables;
California experience and references. Box
COOl, Call offlce.
ENGINEER wishes steady position running
boiler engines, dynamoes. all-round work-
handy with carpenter tools: good references.
316 Lancton st.
POSITION wanted by a young technical gradu-
ate in electrical engineering; b«st of refer-
ences. L. A. GARY, 1523 Stanton St., Ala-
medo.
YOUNG married couple, neat appearing, ex-
cellent address, industrious, d-slre position
of trust, where worth will be appreciated;
Al references; no agents. Box 5529, Call.
GRADUATED male nurse wishes to take
charge of any kind of invalid, at home or
traveling; best references; sneaks German
and French. Call at 308 jSutter st.
UP-TO-DATE business man. 34. seeks posi-
tion of any kind: good salesman: handy
mechanic, and has tools; references. Box
.5787, Call.
A BRIGHT, active young salesman, best city
references, wants any steady inside posi-
tion where advancement can be obtained.
Box GOOB. Call.
MAN and wife wish positions on ranch- wife
good cook and housekeeper, man flrst-class
vineyard man; references. Box 6079, Call.
GOOD, steady Industrious man desirea a posi-
tion as teamster or any laboring work. Ap-
ply 10Ct> Mission St., room 36.
COMPETENT man with best references would
lik<- a position as manager of stock farm:
Address J. R. M.. 1025 Stelner st.
YOUNG man desires position with advertising
or commercial illusiratins; company; can do
drawing and lettering. Box 6154, Call.
GERMAN. 22 s>>e«ks English, Spanish* an.l
Fitnich, wants offlce work of any kind. Box
6129, Call offlce.
A RELIABLE pharmacist wants petition; man-
ager or prescriptions. 130 Telegraph aye.
Oakland.
GOOD rotlsserie waiter wants dinner or even-
ing job or steady place: speaks English.
French and German. Box 597:«, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS sausagemaker and pork packer,
20 years' experience, wishes work city or
ceuntry. Box 6109, Call offU*>.
CARPENTER— First-class, wants work Job-
bing; alterations, repairs; city or country-
Box 56U8, Call.
BUTLER— Thoroughly experienced Japanese
boy wishes position In city or country; has
good reference. Box 6027, Call offlce.
EMPIOTMEITT r WASTED — —
MAN wishes work of any kind, en farm or in
city. Box 3*29, CaU office. .
MAX. handy with carpenter and electrician"*
tools, wishes a position; good city reference.
Box §U§k Call offlce. . ■ .
A YOUNO man wishes position: is handy
around machine shop. . t>62 East Fourteenth
St.. Oakland.
WANTED — A position as salesman, wholesale
or retail; 12 years' experience; city or coun-
try. Addres3 A. A. P.. 35 Shipley st.
FLOUR miller, understands roller system, also
millstone dressing desires position; city or
country. Address F. T. 43 Perry St.. S. F.
MAN. just returned from the island, wants
wcrk of any kind: carpenter by trade. Box
&453. Call. , -
PLANING mill machine hand wants work;
ctty or country. Box CO3C. Call.
BARTENT>KR wants work in the city or out.
Address J. T., box 61SB. Call office.-
YOCNG man wants work as . laborer, or any
kind of work. Box 5642. Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like to learn the carpen-
t«r trade. Box 5557. Call.
WANTED— Position by competent man as Ore-
mac or watchman. Box 5183. CalL
GOOD Japanese boy wants place at any kind
°/ wo r k; 'Peaks well. «17 Larkin St.; phone
■rOIK 61. •
A JAPANESE flrst-class waiter wants position
in hotel; wa 9 $6 up per week. Address
A. R. V.. 503 Taylor st.
JAPANESE couple want positions In city Hr
country ;*man as flrst-class cook and wlf* as
waitress: best reference. J. N., 1001 Larkin
et.. cor. Post. '
A JAPANESE boy wants a position to do any
kind of work rrery afternoon. Tel. Hyda
2054. FRANK. BCO Geary at.
JAPANESE faithful boy wants place to do
. hounew'ork. or schoolboy: understands plain
cooking and speaks good English. M. X..
.care Tokyo Co.. 1615 Polk st.; phone Larkin
2700.
JAPANESE man and wire want positions:
man to cook, woman to wait at table; good
references. Apply MISKITANI. 530 Steven-
son at.
A JAPANESE young, honest school boy wants
position In private family. Telephone Polk
874.
JAPANESE, young boy. wants position as)
schoolboy in small family. Address K.
HIHOTO. 640 Pine st.
A YOUNG Japaaes* honest boy wants a posi-
tion- as schoolboy In good family- In city.
M. 1.. 607 Larkin st.; tel. Larkin 1494.
JAPANESE college student wants home; good
cook; speaks English; references. Address)
KAN. 1843 Webster st.; phone Jackson 3641.
JAPANESE, flrst-class cook, wants position;
city or country. T. ODA. 933 Sacramento et.
JAPANESE young couple want position in
city or country; man as flrst-class coolc and
wife as waitress: have best references. J.
N 1001 Larkin st . corner Post. •
JAPANESE boy wants a position as schoolboy.
S. MATSIN. 1908 Polk St.; tel. Larkin 1017.
tcinu cubs.
$100 FREE for any case of ecsema. salt rheum
or barber Itch that I cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN 54 Sixth st.
TT^ATS TO ZAT.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage* of
this department; It wtll save you time and]
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-53 Geary
st.. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
slrable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free: let us flnd
you a place: come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "w»
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
ICR9 Market St., opp. McAllister.'
6UNSET. Ninth aye., 200 feet from entrance of
park, half mile from park music stand —
5-room , $2S-flats. new modern: 2 $20-storea,
with living rooms; take blue car at foot of
; "Ellis st. direct without change. _ » . .
DOLORES. 075. near Twenty-second — Beauti-
ful new lower flat, 6 sunny rooms and bath;
low rent. G. B. CONANT, 240 Montgomery.
ELEGANT, sunny, Just finished. 5. 6. I ran.,
$30. $32 50. $47 50. Cor. Sacramento st. and
First aye.; swell neighborhood; open 1 to \.
CORNER Buchanan and Green — New sunny
5-room flats; modern: main hafl and stair-
way carpeted, lit ■ and Janltored; open.
A SUNNT corner flat: fine marine t1«w; corner
. of Union and Stelner sts. ; 10 rooms and bath;
phone West 1128.
CARL. 258. bet. Stanyan & Wiilard — 7 rooms,
bath and laundry; yard and basement: ftne
view of park; rent $30. . •
FLAT — 7 ' sunny rooms, bath (Mission warm
belt). 5435 20th st.. bet. Howard and Capp.
BUSH. 1658 — elegant large, sunny room* for
large family or email boarding house. $42.
FOUR sunny rooms, upper Sat; gaa, bath. 1820
Broadway, near Van Nesa. .
$12— SUNNY flat. 28 Cedar ay».. near Larkta
st-eet. « ■ '
NOE. IM, near Duboc* Park ßy th* 14th.
lower flat of 8 r. and b. : adults: rent $28
NEARLY new sunny upper flat. 4 rooms) and
' bath. 338 Tehama st. ■
SUNNY cottage ot 4 room* and bath. ga»; rent
$15 50. 407 Thirtieth st. «
TWENTY FIFTH. 4190, near Oaatro— New
modern upper flat; 6 rooms aad bath; $21.
$25;8UNNT baywtedow flat. 6 rooms, bath-
• room. 1710 Washington st.. near Polk. .
$28: ELEGANT sunny Cat. B rooms, bath: «mr-
- den. 2721 Pine st., nr. DeTisadero. ■
TWENTY 4032— Sunny . Cat. 3 rooms,
bath, gas: rent $12; adults.
TO let — Two new flats; 6 r. and b. 2508 PoUc
street. r -•".
FLAT 5 rooms. $12. 292 Natoma st.. near
Fourth. -..."••
LILY aye.. 430. r near Buchanan — middl*
flat. 4 rooms and bath: modern.,
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAO. 118 Montgomery st.
PLATS FOR SALE — nnUßtnß.
EIGHTH. ."!4B— Nice sunny furnishM flat ->f T
rooms and bath for sale; fine for renting
rooms: rent $25; near Market »t.
FOR sale — Sunny cvn«r furnished flat ot T
moms: 5 rooms rented; flat to rent. Inquire
after Monday, 822 Valencia st.
SNAP— B-room flat, all newly furnlsh-d; owner
obliged to leave city; call and investigate; nt>
agents need apr^ - Farrell st.
FOR sale — Sunny modern newly furn. apart-
ment. TAYLOR, Sentinel Apt.i . S7!) Turk.
BIG barnaln: 9-room finely furnished flat:
splendid location for rr^m-renttnu. 717
NICELY furnishefl 7-rooni flat, price
able. X; > ity Hal' a-. ■-
> riiATs to — muiism>
FURNISHED house: 2302 Clay st. near. Fill,
.more: * sunny, sl<l»; 1 rooms. bath, piano:
■-■"' ooen»ll;to 4. ' - *• -
CTTBUITOBIi WASTED.
••WE'LL" GET YOUR BUSINESS- * We pay
the most rroney for furniture, carpets., offlce
. fl»tin«s. merchandise and houses. rMARX J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market st.. be-
. tween Oth and 10th. Phone South IT9.
ABE LEVT. - '
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. ; ..Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture; carpets. - offlce fur-
niture, etc . until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 P*" cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell .on : commission. " L H.
BURP. , auc. 1636 Market: phone Jessie 233«.
HENRY MAYER pay» highest prices : for fur-
niture, carpeta. etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush Sl3
CALL on Alfred Wollpert.r 773 Mission st. be.
-. fore selling ycui furniture." Phone Rod *4«-J.
nrxmroßi! POB SAM.
A cnuch $2. bedlounge $2 ,V>: * furniture boughT
solQ.exchang*d. - Anderson' a. 10Turk:telSouth 89.4
waktid — racAikE.
WANTED- mpositors for <-atalo«u*» >' wnrk •
Apply SANBOUNV, VAIL* CO.. 741-7 w sjar-
ket st." • T2-3HBRMH
WANTED— German" girl for cooking and nous*.
'1. work in * small family. Apply , 1802 . McAl-
. lister st., . corner Baker. -OBT r E E D ST F M R E o N M T AN ' I N A WANT AD IN THE CALL
HELP WABTTEB — F_M___ Continued.
2 COOKS. German style $35, $40
Cock, little washing 9.0
Cock. s«oir.t housework, 1 lady $."50
'.ouscwort^ American family, city $35
houHwork, mb Anselmo. no wash WO
Kfiujcwork. 3in family, Koss, little _sh, *:o
Parlormaid and waitress, city S3!)
Infant nurse. German only &«)
I-rench maid and stamstress $25
Housework, Sar.ta Cruz, tsee lady here $25
\» jutress. commercial house, country 920
becond girl, gg a n Rafael, see i&dy 10
o'clock $25
Cook. San Mateo. little- washing $-J5
Chambermaid, wait one meal $20
Housework. «or;.::r.a. ccc 2ady bere . $20
A::d others; call <u>r!y to-day, as we have
W> tirrt -class house-work places, goi wag<-s,
In both German and American families.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter et.
AT C. R. HANEESJ & CO.'S.Phone Grant ISS.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
-0 more waitresses, Loc Ar.geles and neigh-
boring resorts. ?25. room, board, free fare.
Man and wife, cook and helper, country res-
taurant, J7i> found.
5 Eastern chambermaids, first-class country
hotel, 520.
Chambermaids, city, country $20-$25
Chambermaid, wait 1 meal now, afterward
straight work, country hotel, tree fare..
Waitresses, city, country hotels $25
FAMILT DEPAKTMENT.
Cooke, hnuseg-irls, second girls, nurK«rirli.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 4_» Bush et.
GIRLS H learn halrdressrng. manicuring etc. ;
trade taught from A to Z in 2 wks.; tuition
$5 to those entering now; 3 positions to fill
immediately ; positions guar. at 910 ;er week
«p: enly recognized college of ite kind on
coast: day and eve. c!aes. 233 Geary, r. 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn m::;inery now for
iprlng reason; both seasons taught from start
tc finish in one zacnth for $15; positions as
trimmers, BaJe*ladies makers guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
finn of year. Parlors 143 Stockton et.. r. IS.
CEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS. JUMPERS AXD COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. 32%
FREMONT ET. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAT STS..
fEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.
OPERATOP.E ON SHIRTS, OVERALLS AND
ENGINEER JACKETS. STANDARD FAC-
TORY. COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
A BODY lroner. first-class country hotel. $30
month, room board, overtime. , C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 429 Bush -•
A — ARN at Pacific Ha:r4r**a!ne School;
whole trade, hairdressinjt, manicuring, mas-
*af:e. etc.: positions waiting. $10 a week up;
day and evening dames. 133 Powell st.
UNITED OPPORUNITIES COMPANY. ~~
?uite 65. Chronicle bldg.: teL James 2«21.
■Manaping hotel housekeepers, city, country.
Cashiers, checkers, operators, linen attend-
ants.
AN eiderly laiy to assist in li*rht housework;
Email wages. - : R Bush st.
NCAT. reliable glr to do general housework;
no washing: .*es $25. 1 Scott et.
THOROUGHLY competent saleslady: 92S per
-Wee* to right party. Room 103. SO9 Market.
WANTED — Girl to help In the dining-room;
rvstaurant. 206 McAllister srt.
COMPETTENT girl tor light second work and
sewiig. 11S0 OTarrell et.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chute*. € p. m. Wednesday: salary no cbject-
ALL hairdreselng, • manicuring, face ma—
and s^lp treatments are free- at the MOLER
gTSTEM COLLEGE. 649 Sacramento St.
Hours 1 to 4;' trade aught.
WANTiiIJ — Ladies to learn hairdressing. . man-
Jcnrlnp. faciaf rcassajre ' a"n<J scalp treatments;
4 wcckE complete; expert instructors; call or
write. Moler -tern Co.. e4» Sacramento st.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer to
go to Sacramento. Apply between 9 apd 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — To employ lady with knowledge of
rr.uslc: references required; work outside of
city; $SOO per year. Box 4607. Call office.
WANTED — First-claes coat and cloak hands.
J BAEH, 1200 G«ary et.
WOMAN farr.:'..ar with travelliig for a position
which muet be fln«»d at once. Box 6011. Call.
PRIVATE lessons taught in hairdressing. man-
icuring; rates reasonable. 724 Powell St. *;
GIRLS 10 Irani millinery in 1 mo. for $5; posl-
tiens ETiaranteed ; eve. school only. 233 Geary.
WANTED— LadIes to learn the barber trade.
644 Clay st.
«E_ p W— rrn> — male.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
301-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions Secured for '
OfSc« men. A_aeta_t bookkkeepers.
Bookkeepers. Hotel clerks.
Stenographers. Timekeepers.
Office m-nagera. Railroad clerks.
Correspondent clerks, "; ; " ■ Collectors.
Accountants. Bill clerks.
Buyers. 6hlpping clerks.
Trav> aaleemen. Law office clerks.
Manager for ■■; t. stores). Entry clerks.
Cashiers. Cigar clerks.
Credit men. Dry goods clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving clerks.
General *fW and commercial work in all .
lines of buEioess. Offices In other cities. ;
Apply American Commercial Bureau.
801-302 Starr King bldg.. 8d floor, 121 Geary.
WANTED— Second-class leading ship drafts-
man, ?5 C 2 per diesi. Navy Yard, Mare Is-
land. Cal. An «xamlnatlon will be held at
the Navy Yard. Msxe Island, Cal.. February
21. 1805. to fill the above position and for
the purpose of establishing an eligible regis-
ter cf chip draftsmen. For application and
further- Information, address "Commandant,
Navy Yard. Mare Island, Cal."
TTED OPPORTUNITIES COMPANY,
Euit« €5. Cbrcr.lde fcldg. ; tel. James 2621.
Coßuner Help Department.
Office men: lnt:lt an<l traveling salesmen.
Accountants, bookkeepers and asalEtants.
Stenographers, correspondent*, clerks.
A BNAP — T-chalr barber chop for sale: rood
trade; well furalebed; location best In city
COLEMAN'S. 70S Market tt.. room 806.
GREEN hands, blacksmiths, carpenters, for
rteam whalers, north for summer at HER-
MAN'S. 26 Eteoart st
WANTED — Card Trrlter for an out of town de.
partnsent _f.re: state experience. Apply box
5e24, Call offle*.
"WANTED Compoeitcrs for catalogue work.
Apply EANBORN. VAIL A CO.. 741-745
Mirk*- et.
A FIRST-CLASS spotter wanted at New Pa-
risian Dyeing and Cleaning Works. 2164 Fol-
aofn st- .
FTRET-CLAES refracting optician and nalev-
man. GEORGE H. KAHN. 201 Kearny st.,
corner Eutter.
BARBER shop for sale: owner has other busl-
ness. Apply in <a.loon, 729 Mission et.
COAT, vert and panta makers wanted. Apply
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market.
BRIGHT boy: rood chance ti advance, ED-
■W"A" KNOWLES CO.. Printers. 24 2d st.
■WANTED — Boy. 10 years, t>y a dentist. Box
5822 Cali office.
CHANCE for business man cut of work to
make money. Bex SBlB, Call office.
BARBER — Wanted, partner to enlarge 4-chalr
rhop. Box 6037,' Ca1l office. " / .
BARBER I year's experience; eteady Job.
Box 5847. Call office. - .: . '
BARBER, 2 or 3 years' experience: munt be
good f haver: etate wages. , Box 5545. Call.
BARBER to work short hours. 047 Fillmore
•treet, ■ "
MAN to assist in UpM work; good w&ires; $20
security needed. 320 Fifth et. ' - '
WANTED — First-class barber. - Apply to Oak-
land Pier, barber enop. .
FOR aal« Berber shor. tn barrel house, S3
Eddy st. ; bargain - for - right ■ party ; owner
going East. . , ;
EAREEIt shop for sale. Inquire ARONSOHN,
€52 Slarket ft., room 8. ,
MAN competent te run coffe* wagon, soliciting
-family trade; give- experience. Box €135,
Cai: off.c*. iM^MMriEfIHHMNfeHtfSJfIMMMHV^Hi^BMBBfIHhM'
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
A— MUBRAT & READy/c 34-636 Clay st.
rtone Main O-is.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
■ RIGH'; OF MAN TO WORK. -
Lead.'r.i.- Employment and Labor Agent?.
VV'e save ia 11KH IMB we hope to
64.000 men work. Increase oi,ooo.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Working foremau. ranch, south, 930 and (<l.
Farm hands, ranch teamsters and chore men
and boys, $15 to $35 and found. /
7 milkers and dairymen, $30 to 940 and fd.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer County,
$32 00.
COOKS.
14 cooks, waiters, jwrters and kitchen hands,
other places. i 2« to $75 and found.
Bellboys, elevator boys.
FOREMAN.
Man to take charge of marble quarry, see
boss here, good wages.
Harness-maker camp, north, see boss here,
$2 50 day.
Man and wife, small farm, Placer C 0. ,935 fd.
Shaper hand, furniture factory, 92 day.
Farmer and wife. Rood ranch, south, $50 fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634-G36 Clay sL
MAN to run chicken ranch on shares, see
bo«s liere.
Dairyman, run separator, see boss here
$35 and found.
Mr. Sperling, dairyman, please call. „ . .
2 milkers, Monterey County.
MURRAY & READY. t34-e36,Clay St.
CLERK for this office, young man about 20 to
22 years: cail at 3 p. m. to-day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-63fl Clay St.
~~ ~~ INTERPRETER. "■
Young man for this office; speak Spanish,
Italian, French, Germanr cail at 3 p. m.
to-day. . ' . •
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SALESMAN on commission for wholesale and
reuil coffeea. teas, spices, extracts. 25 Main,
ATTENTION!
We have opened a flrst-claas barber colle&s
In connection with our Los Angeles college: 8
weeks completes under our instructors; wages
paid while learning; positions guaranteed;
next ten st.idents at half regular price; call
or write. GILMAN'S COLLEGE. 627 Clay.
WANTED Men to learn the barber trade at
the original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 644 <".ay st.; B weeks completes;
positions guaranteed; expert Instruction;
wares while learning. Call or write (correct
cumber) t44 Clay st.
WANTED — Barbers to buy Browne & Shaxpe's
clippers at reduced rates; second-hand chairs
and work rtands cheap; new lot of water
heaters Just In. G. A. TROST Barber Sup-
ply Co.. 3OS Mascn St.
BARBERS, attention — For sale, two-chair bar-
ber Fhcp and bathroom: shop is well fur-
nished and has good trade. For particulars
address P. O. box 1050. Angels, Cal.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mail,
Internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free catalogue. Paclflc Correspondence Insti-
tute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market; open evngs.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms -to the Denver House.
217 Third st. : 260 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED Men, to learn the barber trade; S
weeks completes; positions guaranteed: ex-
pert instructions; wares while learning.
Call or write Moler Sys.Col.. 649 Sacramento.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; «=end for catalogue. Address 4973-
75 Easton aye.. St. Louis, Mo.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady lob; good
wages; handy around marhinery. 266 O'Far-
rell «t.
WANTED Three men to learn barber trade;
absolutely free and will pay you while learn-
ing. 751 Mission st.
SWELL two-chair Ehop for sale; doing fine
business; owner retiring. 2JVS4 Market ft.
WANTED — Office mar. for books and corre-
spondence; cash security required; salary
with advance. Box 6189, Call office.
WANTED — Man of eood address to travel for
rellatle house: - T.ail cash security; references
re<ju:r«>d. Address box 271, Sacramento, Cal.
TRY our men's shoe*, union made; $1 and $1 SO
pair, foot- form chocs. $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d .Exam. bid. ; open till 9 p.m.
WANTED — Men to fill 300 rooms at 20e per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses elec-
tric light In every, room. 6SI Howard. nr. 31
GET your eboec half -soled while waiting; 26c
to 60a 571 Mission et.. bet. Ist and 2d sts..
or 11 Third et.. Examiner ; building. _
TO be an expert barber go to Gillett's Schoo:
cheapest and quickest. 611 Commercial st.
WANTED Young man to work for his tuition
in S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
LABOR debts collected; m!ts, attachments.
Law * Adjustment Co.. 49 Second St.. r. 522.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market Et.. room 104.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Ccm. Geo. H. Thomas Poet. G.« A. R.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery: sewed soles 10 m1n..75c.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— rooms: 35c night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. »
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisemer.ts and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open unt'.l 11 p. m. r
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ALL sizes men's chocs, slightly damaged, half
prtee. '"■ Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d gts.
SALESMAN WAHTn.
A WEEK'S r.ews for 5 cents — The Weekly Cal!.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y.-ar'.
BOSSES AND WAGONS.
RETIRING from business; they have raised
our rent; harness, saddles, robes, blankets,
whip*, buggies, wagons :«»everythlng at coFt ;
now Is your time. San FranciKco Saddlery
Co.. entrance 517 Market «.
AT a bargain — 21 delivery wagons of all sizes.
16 flne 4-spring business buggies, 6 rubber-
tired runabouts, 7 surreys, 5 camp wagon*,
1 fine rubber-tired victoria, all kinds of har-
ness from 9" up at Kleibf-r's, IWJ3-S Folsom.
FOR SALE.
Draught stallions weighing over a ton;
prices and terms to suit the times. For
particulars address THEO EKILLMAN, El
Verano, California.
WANTED — The use In the country of two
driving horees fcr their kepp; good care,
feed and pasturage; references given, etc.
Address box 6204. Call office.
9110 — LADY'S riding horse; b'.ack. with white
face; very neat; owner leaving city. MRS.
FIELD. &S7 Valencia et.
THE quarterly bulletin of 8. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready ; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. • REELY.Pree.. 510 Golden Gate.
W_M buggy for sale cheap. 523 Pulton.
FOR sale — Express wagon and team. Inquire
4S Twelfth nt.
FOR sale cheap, 2 young, sound horses; weigh
1100 pounds each. 564 Bryant st.
MARE for sale- 8 years old; child can drive
Mr: good buggy animal. Box 6196, Call.
WANTED-- good driving horse. Box 6204.
Call office.
HEAVY bugry Is* saJe. Box 5197, Call.
FOR sale— Good work horse. Apply at 79
n st.
WANTED — A bupgy harness; must be In good
condition. Apply 7» Sharon St.
TEN Urge draft horses for sale at 808 Monk-
rcrr.ery »t.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
CARLOAD gentle business, buggy and livery
hcrsei. E. STEWART A CO ■ 220 Valencia.
GOING out of business: new and eecond-hanil
f ,id cheap. 16gp Mission at., nr. 13th.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of liouiieT^TeTrsenTToTclr^
cu'.ar. G. H. UMBSEX & CO 20 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1932. nr. Laguna— Eight rooms,
bath; marine view; rent 942 50.
ELEGANT 12-room eur.ny home 9r,0; garden;
mar.ne view; water free. m'« Green at.
HOUSES TO liET — FURNISHED.
2602 CLAY St.. near Fillmore, 7 rooms bath
-*' ■ ' ' .-■'■' -■■-■• 4 S ..-.r.y s:de.
Houses r~__is__p — roa saxe.
9T7&- UfAP — I»L. A-ntown 9-ruom house; flne lo-
oation for renting rooms. 313 Taylor st.
9300 — NI<"KLY furnished houwe, 6 roomß bath-
spare rooms ail let; rent 927 SO. 106 Bth st!
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1905.
COTTAGES TO IJET.
2931 PIERCE: swell mr<dern cottage, 9 rooms,
including attic: 7 ft. basement, cement floor.
Yard and parden. wffl ** vacant Mar. Ist
ft INVEST—OBITTS;
A — TO INVESTORS. - ■• -
We offer a great opportunity to realize 100
per cent In I*o days; , we are ; authorized by
board of directors vof Florence Extension
Mining Co. of Tonopah, Nev., to sell lim-
ited number of shares (treasury stock) at 150
per share, for development; par value, 91;
Eend in orders at once. Call or write J. \V.
JAQUITII & CO., room S7S. James Flood bid.
JIU-JITSU SCHOOL. 4
NIPPON School of Jiu-jitsu, 1281 Market St..
Majestic bldg. : expert Japanese Instructors.
. LOST A^FOTTKS.
LOST or stolen, Friday evenlpg, English Better
bitch puppy; lemon and white. Return to
A. KOEHLER, 4C Geary st. *
— Diamond frog,' between Powell and Pine
and Orpheum. Raward, 801 Pine; cail morn-
Ing^ ■ ' .- ■ .. - .
— Diamond bar pin, 10 diamonds; liberal
reward. 605 Montgomery st.. upstairs.
LOST — Bunday last, on Hyde-st. car, opal
pin. ..Reward,- 2500 Clay st. • ..
LOST— poodle bitch, Reward. 1111 El-
lls st. .■■,'. --.;-■ ' 
LOST — Kodak, tn Chutes Theater. Sunday
afternoon; sixe B%x4tt. ■ Return to 358
Golden Gate aye.
— Jan. 21, from 890 Guerrero St., white
English getter, black ear and eye, named
Dick. Bend Information ■to LEO CLARK,
60 Market St.; reward. '•'■' .
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbemia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco in the
name of CAROLINE KAYSER, No. 276-1255.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — At racetrack, gold medal; reward. 481
Mission st.
LOST— Bunch keys; numbered key 798. Re-
turn 1054 Larkin st, receive reward.
— Female white bull terrier; good re-
ward. Return to ; 425 : Buchanan st. ~ -
LAtTWCHES POB HIBI!. *
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order — renovatM, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS., 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 210.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or Buffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women.
IT years' experience without a failure has put
him at the head. He guarantees relief or no
I ay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 asd 8.
LAPIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor y«>t
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE-
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou-
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten-
ticn and no danger; I guarantee prompt re-
sults or no charge; aanatoru m if desired; ad-
vice free; call or write. Hours, 9-9. Est. 14
yrs. DR. R. H. WESTON, office 3i>s Kearny.
X— DR. E. G. WEST, the old reliable specialist
for women; hrs. 1-4. 305 Kearny st., room 1.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AII who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
fv : y case taken; immediate relief; no pol-
tcnin^ drugs; low fees: my methods will cure
all cases of Irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
ÜBS. ... reliable specialist for all fe-
n.ale troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008& Market St., opp. sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. f<44 Post st.
YALPEAU'S female pilis; best regulating pills
•o'.d; price $'- 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $0. By express only
on receipt of price. ng^OOD BROTHERS.
Wtinlf sale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth st., be.
tween Geary and O'Farreil. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs,
original method of treatment. 1226 Market
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, remove.)
from 1118 Market et. to 83S Mission, near 4th
DR. RO?EN. residence 2935 Folsnm st.. corner
Twenty-sixth: ladies, relief or no f<?t>; <10
KDmra.
FOR sale — New 5-sjamp mill, built by Union
Ir«-n Works, complete, with power; stamps
■ rounds and steel fitted; will be sold at
a bargain. Address Eddie Engineering Com
pany, 503 Trust building, Los Angeles, Cal.
FOR sale — 50-ton concentrating mill, complete
with r>'!l?. screen?, elevator, jigs and tables;
all machinery ntw; will be sold at a bar-
frain. Address Eddie Engineering Company,
KB Tnißt building. Lob Angeles, Cal.
FOR sale — 25-ton reverberatory copper smelt-
Ing furnace: all complete and new; must be
sold at once. Address Eddie Engineering
Company, 503 Trust building, Los Angeles,
CaJ
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pu'.leys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, soli
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cemtnt will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. Klaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures, cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER, 652 Mission st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on credit
by paying one-fifth down, balance payable at
ycur own convenience. Pacific Jewelry Co.,
21 Stockton st., second floor.
A — BUYS. s*lls or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys^
etc. WHITELAW, 253-2& C Bpear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at 91 and 91 60 ralr;
foot-form shoes at 92 1 >0; we pay express
chargeE. 11 od at.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
GAP engine, turret lathes, brass finisher's
la he. engine lathe. Box 1638, Call office,
Oakland.
PRISM lights sash and glass »f all kinds and
lumber at B?SHOP building. Market, near
Third st.
NEW style Singer sewing machine, comijlete;
cheap. 1915 Mission st., nr. "Ifteenth.
10 SHARES Oakland Cremation Association.
Address 1920 Summit St., Oakland.
TANK windmill, frame and pump for sale;
cheap. Inquire IC3 Hartford st. "
THOROUGHBRED Spitz pups: tney are beau-
ties. f»08 Minna St., near Tenth.
TEAS, coffees, spices, extracts, baiting powder-
wholesale and retail. ARGONAUT, 25 Main.
CANARIES, good singers, cheap. 130 Mateo
street.
t
FOR sale — A diamond sunburst. 2 solitaires, 2
Persian rugs. 1 Phateton. Box 6012, Call.
WILCOX & GIBBS automatic sewing ma-
chine, all attachments, 920. 1408 Stevenson.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 198-197 Fremont st.
2D-HAND building material, cheap; 3500-gal.
tank. J. B. FRENCH. N'E. cor. 15th-Vlncia.
SAFES and desks at nearly cost; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1325 Market st.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar-
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 28 Stockton st
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery St.
OASOLIXE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sixes. J. EL DOAK, 46 Fremont st
_T-SCE_.IiAirEOPS^jPO3^gAriB— -Con.
FOR eale^ — Thoroughbred white and barred
Plymouth Rock eggs at 91 per 913: also stock
of same. Ing. 210 Sherman aye.. Ocean View.
ROOMS papered, 94 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladies' dress-
es, gents' clothes. 122 Folsom; tel. Jessie 446.
Highest prices paid for ladies' and gents' cast-
off clothing. Tilton. 154 9th: tel. Jessie 3916.
DIAMONDS 'and precious stones bougnt for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. rooms 400-401
Adams bid.. 206 Kearny; phone Black 3039.
MONET TO ZiOAXr.
LOAN ' COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST 51i AND ti PER CENT
CITY, OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
.! PROPERTY ..V.. ..........
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased. '■ •"'•
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.... .
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 8834.
AAA — HERMAN MURPHY,
, 601-602-603 Examiner building.
tOulck settlements; no disappointments.
- • ■ Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, , second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust
etc.; legacies, life estates. and undivided . in-
terests in property purchased. ...
Courteous treatment. Strictly oo_— dential.
When You Need Money - :-.-:
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount en
• Ist. 2d or Sd
- Mortgages on real estate, -
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest,
Give full particular* ' ,
of property, .
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call offlc*. '
SALARY LOANS— -—-——-—-
• Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowltdge- of employer or
any one: confidential andcourteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable - private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds.- Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
978 Market; tel. Main 1044. , Branh 1192
Market and 27 Third Et ' -
— ON: furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houseg. without
security: eapy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott ■ bldg.
SALARIED people, without security; also on
furn., estates in probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest Co., 612 Parrott bid.
PRIVATE! — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee- no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., Parrott' bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or. pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; 926 up; quick,
rrivate, confidential. 26. Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at 2 per cent a month; gold,
■ silver.' diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth »t.
ON notes, salaries, etc. United Loan A- Trust
Co., 21 Stockton st, second floor.
DON'T borrow money on salary until %rou see
. us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bid.
2 PER cent per month on valuables. Port-
land Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton et.'
MONEY loaned on mining ' and oil stocks.
WILLIAM HINKEL & CO.. 326 Pine st.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California St., rooms 14 and 18.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. P|tvate.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans toisalaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny
9% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
, no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81; 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned talarled- peopld on notes without
• * indorse. * J MOnn?IKU*- flOg^Bxaminer bid
«O~3Y WANTEP,
$300 TO 975,000 for first-class mnrtg_ge loans
DU RAY SMITH, Broker, 4_6 Tenth st
Oakland.
_ICUSZCAZ. LNSTKTJMEITTS.
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and best value'
Wadsworth upright, 935; Fischer upright,
$!»<;; Gibson upright, 9-U5; Chickering up-
right. 91*5: Steinway upright. 91<55; 200 oth-
ers, rent $2 up. applied on purchase. Install-
ments. 94 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-37
Geary St. S. F. , Il^i2 Broadway, Oakland.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS—
2 nice small uprights for practice 955
1 flne Weber, good order $70
Also 1 Jewell. Arlon, Mendelssohn, Ster-
ling, Vose, Chickering, Weber and many oth-
ers from $135 up. Easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
BEST Inducements; best selection of stock.
Over 10 years' experience renting pianos.
Good uprights, 92 and 92 50 per month.
One year rtntal allowed.
The best Instruments in the city for 93 month
SCOTT- CURTAZ, 5*50 Hayes at.
A SMALL Steinway upright; cost 9500; 9185
takes It. 237 Geary st.
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and fur-
niture. Whltehead's Storage, 1036 Market St.
960 UPRIGHT; one 930 upright- one good
square. 920. HORNTJNO. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d-hand,94s to 9500
Pleree's Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts!
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand
f honinser little u?ed. Keeffe's, 2S."> O'Fairell
OFFICES AWDJBTOBES TO I.ET.
RENTS reduced; offices to let; 259 Post, corner
Stockton: all light rooms; Janitor and elova-
tcr service.
FEBSOKALS.
PROF. MISS MOLIN, European graduate sur-
gical chiropodist. Just arrived her» and lo-
cated at 554 Hayes st-, removes corns bun-
ions and Ingrowing toenails in 10 hiinutes
without pain; \he work she does will surprise
the public; her -practice Is well known
throughout the United States and European
countries; speaks eight different languages
office hours from 8 to 12 and 2 to 6 and 7
to »; Sundays from 9 to 2.
MME. GILLLNGHAM removes wrinkles, etc
from your face. Ladl»s with one side the
face treated can be seen daily, 143 Stockton
st. I can show faces treated by myself 4
and 5 years ago. Home for patients.
Write for booklet.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
provc-s its growth, stops fallin^.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness-
cleanses sralp; at druggists'. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star -Remedy C 0. ,1338 Polk
"REXHADIO" has R-E-M-O-V-E-D to larger
superior OFFICES; "new" ADDRESS an-
nounced shortly.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY e«taU
1899. 2122 Fillmore St.; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy 975 worth of furniture for 97 5a
down and 91 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post at, near Powell.
CORNER laundry, barber shop; cigars to-
bacco; newspapers; suits cleaned. 800 Golden
Gate aye.
SPARROW Jewelry Co. has moved to 18 Mc-
Allister st; old gold bought
BELLE-OUDRY Is not a lady.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. 91 at all druggists'.
CATARRH, all kinds, cured; free untlTlmproV-
ed. Call or write DR. WILLIAMS, 140 Geary.
MENDING BUREAU— I7I4^ Polk st Cloth-
Ing neatly mended.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suit*
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
WRINKLES, freckles, moles, superfluous hair
removed; latest meth. Mme. Marie, 1042 Ellis.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
91 A WEEK; suits to order 915 up. LEMOB
1127 Market st. between Seventh and El__t_i '
RBSOHA-S— Conti_u«d.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In flne clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suits 97 5O; dress panU 92 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
102H4 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cure; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham, 9 Powell st.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, 91 per year.
REDEMPTION BONDS. ' -
CENTRAL PACIFIC ' RAILWAY COMPANY
- IHREE AND ONE-HALF PER CENT
MORTGAGE — Notice is hereby given
that, pursuant Sto the provisions of article
nine of the mortgrage from this company to
the United States. Trust Company of New
York, trustee, dated August 1, 1899, this
company has set apart out of the net income
derived by it from the lines of railroad
therein mortgaged /the sum of twenty-five
thousand dollars In trust to be used to re-
deem said bonds and that bonds issued under
said - mortgage will be - redeemed therewith.
Bids are hereby Invited for the surrender
of such bonds, jat prices to be named by the
I bidders, to the ■ amount of $26,669 07, in I the
sinking fund.. Such bids should be presented
- to this company at Its office, - 120 Broadway,
in. the city of New York, on or -before the
'14 th day of February, 1905. at 12 o'clock
noon, and should be indorsed "Bids for Sur-
render of Central Pacific Railway Company
[ Thr<"« and One-half Per Cent Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
New York. January 16. 1906.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
. FIRPT REFUNDING MORTGAGE BOND 6—
.■' Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of article eight ; of . the mortgage
from this company to the Central Trust Com-
■ pany of New York, trustee; dated August 1,
1809, this company has set apart out of the
net income derived by It from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twen-
ty-flve thousand dollars in trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds lssutd
under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with." Bids are - hereby Invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to be named
i by the bidders, to the amount of 926,670 80,
In the sinking fund. Such bids should be
presented to this company at Its office. 120
Broadway, In - the city ot New York, jon or
before tha 14th day of February. 1905, at 12
o'clock noon, and should be indorsed "Bids
for the Surrender of Central Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding; Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. January 16, 1905.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
(OF ■ CALIFORNIA)— FIRST CONSOLI-
. DATED MORTGAGE FIVE PER CENT
GOLD BONDS OF . 1893 Notice Is hereby
given that the board of ■ directors of this
company has determined to use to redeem
First Consolidated Mortgage Five Per Cent
Gold Bonds of tho Southern Pacific Railroad
Company (of California) 920.477 72 now in
' the sinking fund for the redemption and pay-
• ment of bonds of tnat issue, and* that bonds
. of such issue' will be redeemed therewith.
Bids are hereby invUed for the surrender of
mich bonds ac prices to be named by the
bidders. Such bids should be deposited with
■ - Andrew K. Van Deventer. assistant treas-
urer of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany,-, at his office. 120 Broadway, New York
N City, at or before J2 o'clock . noon, on the
14th . day of February. ■ 1905, and should be
'-. indorsed. "Bids for. Surrender of Southern
Pacific Railroad Company (of California) Five
Per Cent Bonds."- --•■-■
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY.
By E. H HARRIMAN, Pr*»ld-nt. '
• ■ New York. January 16, 1805. :■•
_EOA_ MOTTOES.
ESSEX County Orphans' Court, State of New
Jersey. — In the matter of estate of John
Winter.— Order to show cause.— ELIZABETH
WESTERMAN. sister, one of the next of
kin of JOHN WINTER, late of Newark.
New Jersey, having filed her application In
•writing with the Surrogate of Kssex County
New Jersey, alleging therein that said JOHN
WINTER, being a resident of She State of
New Jersey, has absented himself from said
State for seven years snceesslvely. That
his next of kin and heirs at law are th»
said ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. a sister.
LENA GEISHEIMER, a sister, and SOPHIA
STORCK, a sister. And praying for an
order that cause be shown why letters 01
administration of s%ld JOHN WINTERS
estate should not be granted to said ELIZ-
ABETH WESTERMAN. and that letters of
administration of the goods and chattels,
credits and estate of said JOHN WIKTER
be granted to Bald ELIZABETH WESTER
MAN. And it appearing that said LENA
GEISHEIMER and SOPHIA STORCK nave
renounced all right and claim of ad-
ministration of the goods and chattels and
credits of said JOHN WINTER and re-
ouested that administration be granted to
said ELIZABETH WESTERMAN.
Now therefore, it is on this twenty-third
day of December, Nineteen Hundred anc
Four, ordered that cause be shown, by any
or all persons interested herein, before tht
Surrogate of the County of Essex, at h 3
office In the Courthouse in the city of New-
ark New Jersey, on the twenty-third aaj
of February, Nineteen Huodrei and Fly».
at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, or as soon
thereafter as the matter can be heard, why
letters of administration of the goods and
chattel* credits and estate of said JOHN
WINTER should not he granted fo the said
ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. And It Is
further ordered that said order to show
cause shall be published, within twenty day k
hereafter. In the Newark Evening News, v
newspaper printed and published at Newark.
tn the State of New Jersey, and In the San
Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and pub-
lished at San Francisco, in the State ot
California, for four weeks successively, at
least once In each week.
G E. RUSSELL. Surrogate.
CHARLE3 T. GLEN, Proctor. 741 Broac
street. Newark. N. J.
NOTICE— That the office of the HONOLULU
PLANTATION COMPANY has been moved
from 327 Market St., room 4. second floor, to
830 Market St., fourth floor of the Clark
building. JAS. A. BUCK. President Hono-
lulu Plantation Company. February 1. 1303
PBOFOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Public Buildings— Office Con-
structing Quartermaster, San Francisco,
Cal.. February 6, 1905. Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
will be received at this office until 11 o'clock
a. m., Pacific time. March 8, 1905, and then
opened. In the presence of bidder?, for the
construction, plumbing, heating and electric
wiring of a barrack for one company of
coast artillery at Fort Baker, Cal. Infor-
mation furnished on application to this office;
also to the office of the Depot Quartermas-
ter. Seattle. Wash., and Portland, Ore. The
United States reserves the right to accept
or 1 eject any bid received.' or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
must be indorsed "Proposal for Public Bui'd-
ing at Fort Baker. Cal.," and addressed to
CAPTAIN W. C. WREN, Quartermaster
U. S. Army. Phelan building. San Fran-
cicco, Cal.
PROPOSALS for coal — Office Depot Quarter-
master, 36 New Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal., Jan. 16, 1905. — Sealed pro-
posals. In triplicate, subject to usual condi-
tions, will be received here until 3:20
o'clock p. m.. Pacific Standard Time, Thurs-
day. February 9, 1905, and then opened for
furnishing 5000 tons best specially selected
lump, coal (2240 lbs to ton), at Honolulu
H. T. The United States reserves right to
accept or reject any or all bids or any part
thereof. Further information and blank pro-
posals furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals to.be marked "Proposals
for Coal. No. 368," and addressed to MA-
JOR C. A. DETVOT* Q. M.. U. S. A.. Depot
Quartermaster.
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall, Berkeley, on
or before 5 p. m., February seventh, for the
carpentry and mlllwork for California Hall.
Bids are invited also fur partitions and
' ceilings, as per plans and specifications on
file at said office. No bids will be con-
sidered unless accomDanled by a certified
check or bond In favor of the undersigned,
equal to ten per cent of the bid, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that. If the
bid be accepted, the bidder will enter Into
a contract faithfully to perform the obli-
gations In accordance with said bid and
with eald plans and specifications. The right
to reject any or all bids is hereby reserved.
The Regents of the University of California.
6EALED proposals will be received at the
office of the Lighthouse Engineer, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock m., March 8,
1906. and then opened, for the construction
of a ke«psr's dwelling, fog-sig-nal house,
with machinery, etc., at Pledraa Blanea*
Ught Station, Cal.. In accordance with
specifications, copies of which, with blank
proposals and other Information, may be
had upon application to Lieutenant Colonel
THOMAP H. HANDBT'RY. Corps of Ea-
. gineers, U. B. A., Engineer. .
K3SAX gg-ATB— orrr— l-om aAXB.
- r'. AUCTION , .
SALE. »
BT ORDER OF THB
UNITED RAILROAD 9
OF B AN FRANCIBCO.
• THURSDAY.
February, 9, 1903.
At Office and Salesroom of
-' BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
■ 25 POST ST.. '
At 12 o'clock noon.
. FACTORY SITEsT"
; WAREHOUSES,
STABLE 3 AND --—-
•• - .-.- BUiLDiNO lots.
■OCTEENTH AND VALENCIA __,
BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
SIXTEENTH ST.— Fine business lot on north
side of Sixteenth st.. 132 feet west of Va-
lencia st. transfer point; lot 60x100 feet; ele-
. gant site for new building of stores and flats:
stable now rents for $30 per month.
VALENCIA ST.— Two building sites on .Valen-
cia st., weat aide, 138 feet north of Sixteenth
St.; 25x90 each; ground renta about $13 per
month each.
Also large plat of ground fronting 44 feet
on Valencia, by depth of 200 feet, with an L
L.3X215 feet, containing 32,400 square feet;
particularly suitable for factory 'Site or for
any business requiring large floor space; or If
Improved with tenements, flats or cottages,
with entrance from Valencia st.'and Interior
I courta. the investment would produce a hand-
some lnccme; present income 920 per month
, from a portion of the ground.
; MAHTJTACTURINa. WAREHOtTSSI ' '' ' ' ''
STORAGE AND STABLE SITES.
FOLSOM Folsom st., through to Shipley;
double frontage; 75 feet on Folsom st.. 175 on
: Bhipley ; west of Fourth St.; 19,875 square
. feet; frame and brick buildings; rents 9150:
also large holding - opposite on 3h;pl«y st..
running through to Clara St.. ISS feet of
frontage; 14.125 square feet; rents $40 per
month.
TEHAMA ST.— Double frontage • lot. ' 18T:« on
Tehama, 125 on Clementina, west of Third;
brick building used as a stable; leased, to
June 1. 1906. 9175 per month; adjoining
buildings, $40 per- month; entice property
worth 1300 per month: 23.500 square feet.
BUNNYBIDE>— AII of block No. 44, Sunnyslde
Addition; Circular and Sunnyslde ayes..
Baden and Arcadia sts. ; on Une of S. P. R.
R. and electric line; large frame 2-story
building. . formerly used as a power-house:
suitable for storage purposes or for manufac-
turing plant.
"■'-_ BUILDING LOTS.
THIRTIETH AND DAME, opposite Church St.
12 level lots at corner Thirtieth and Dame.
- opposite Church; splendid chance for builder;
Guerrero st. cars direct or Mission st. and
transfer to 29th; lota 28x129 each: sewered,
graded, macadamized, gas and water; also
one house, 6 rooms; renta 910.
MCALLISTER ST. — Four lota, west of Devisa-
dero St.. 25x137:6 each; splendid neighbor-
hood for flats or residences.
CARL ST. — Three lots, north side, west of
Willard, 25x137:6 each: commanding unob-
structed land and marine view and view of
Golden Gate Park; splendid neighborhood;
*. new lmorovements all around. - -
PACIFIC AYE.— Heights: 80-rara,
137: 6x127 Vi: can be subdivided into 6 lots;
select neighborhood: southwest corner of Pa-
cific aye. and Deviaadero • St.
ALSO LOT 427. GIFT MAP NO. 3—23x70.
- fronting on Virginia aye. and ' Elsie st. -
Particulars and diagrams at our offlc*.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
Auctioneers,
28 Post st. San Francisco.
AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. February 9. 1908,
At 12 o'clock noon.
At our office. ■
25 POST ST. I
PACIFIC AVH.
-.-•-. - .< v . BUILDDTO LOTS
;As t per .. diagram.
I L
PACIFIC AYE. '
V j M I 50 I .85 I ■ 137:9
_ H s '
g* 1 t J 2 c
H I 1
•<
x
SWELL ' H
NEIGHBORHOOD. O
-' FINE . VIEW.
| BALDWIN & HOWEXjL. - •
AUCTIONEERS, .
25 POST ST.
SPECK A CO.
200 MONTGOMERY ST.
Selling. Rcdu Collected.
Leasing. ■ Insurance.
INCOME* AND OTHER PROPERTIES.
$68.000 — Polk »t.. choice property: best busi-
. ■ ness block on street: 5 stores and flats
In best condition; net lnccme 6 per cent.
$35,000 — Turk at..' vicinity. Jones; splendid
V property to Improve; 50 ft. frontage:
'> present improvements rent $1,250.
Hayes st. and through to rear street:
37:0 ft. frontage; flne flat property
* renting for 922€0. ,
$22,500 — Corner stores and flats; vicinity Tay-
* lor st. and Broadway; lot 67x30 ft.,
' rented for $161 month. .
917,000— - st. business property, best
section: 28 ; foot lot to rear street: 2
stores . and flats: present • rents 9115
month, easily rent for 9150 month: this
Is a bargain; call and Inveatigate.
912.500 — Two .choice fiats, entirely modern;
. urst-clars coniiitlcn; desirable neighbor-
hood; east of Van Nes» aye, near Cali-
fornia St.; Income 91000; lot 27:6x100.
$10,500— McAllister *t., 2 flne modern . flats
with lance basement and billiard room;
select neighborhood; nothing nicer.
99,250 — Fourth st.. £5 ft. lot. with improve-
ments; north of Harrison at.; will
- greatly Increase in value after 4th st.
* widened. '
Have large list of flats in all parts of
city. RESIDENCES.
RESIDENCES.
$23.000— California st.. north side: near.Oe-
tavia; splendid, well built, modern 15-
room dwelling in best condition: 55 ft.
1 ' frontage; nu.st be sold: must be seen
to be appreciated. ;
$14.500 — iesldence on north side of Clay
st. near Van Nesa. 14 rooms and baths:
■ in first-class condition: or. would rent to
desirable tenant. •
110.000— Elegart Fags st. residence,: 14 rooms
and bath: lot 25x100 ft.
WE HAVE OTHKRS,' GET LIST.
LOTS.
$85,000 — Turk st.. near Market; 30 foot front-
■■ ' age: old Improvements. « ■. » . -<•;
$75.000— Splendid st>-foot lot: -right. off and
west of Kearny st. and south .of - Pine
. ■ . st., locality fast improving; . excellent
for hotel or aoartment bouse: with
stores below; old improvements
925 — Wasnington St., near Maple;, superbly
located.' . 62 : feet frontage lot; magnifl-
■-- oeui • marine ' view, : the choicest resi- .
. "- dence elte In San Frunelwo. « .j-- ■ '
94 250 — st.. near Stelner; 30x100. - " ;
li — California, st.. and Second aye. ; 2€x 1
• ■ ' ►-.100. "i :' : * ' ..•-••/ V|
$1 750— Cor. Turk St.. near Masonic are.; 23x.
;V *»v* 127 ttt.'^iiWWiL 'I' l Frrff-*ir~^*Tir>snrM
$1,250— 22 nd, near ' Banches; 28x114; make
' offer. .'•".■' •'■'■■■' •- . - 4 ■
— Richmond lots; close In and near
Golden Gate Park and on 4 car lines;
cbeapeat lots in vicinity.
We have lots In all part* of the city;
. call for list. ,
. SPECK A- CO.. • i
- -;..-,-.; " 200 Montgomery . Bt. .
ONLY THREE LEK^^-
91 25 PER WEEK.
. ; ■ NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$225 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on irrads;
close to flne school and Mlssion-st. electric
cars; bound to double In value.
- $400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
: no taxes; fine, lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
-Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dls-
- trict: advancing In price 1 rapidly.
■W. J. WHITE.
M Montgomery ■ St.. >r. 8. Phone Main 8704."
9700O — 4 - ALMOST '■ new 5 fiats. • 4 and 5 rooms
each;. rent $65: latest Improvements; 60 feet
front: X lot. 90 feet east of MJssion st. : 2. 4.
'■•:'■ 8 and S West aye.. or 32d st. ; bank mertgase
$5000 can be secured at 6 per cent; see prop-
erty. , DOLAN CO., owners. 24 Montgomery-
FOUR or 6 room modern cottages; wooden
: . mantels ; latest ; plumbing, tiling, etc: near
'-• - Folsom-st. electric cars; only ■ $100 cash re-
quired; j balance tto suit. THE DOLAN CO.,
-."-; home - builders. : 1607 i Market, opp. ; Frank! In.
NEW modern 5-room . cottage and bath: well
built: 10ti27:6x1.14:8 ft. Call 27 Tlldeo st..
--•■:•. bet. j 15th . and ; 16th. ; west of Castro.
FINE* sanitary plumbing: latest lyitera. AHL-
i BACH 4k MA YEH. 8M Howard sC
BXAX. ESTATX — CTT T— FOB SA__.
TWO excellent new flats for sale; on east «tde>
of Diamond St.. between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth: rents *htio a year; open for in-
spection. D. CONDON, bfailder. on premlws.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for 91.
United Statea '>r Canada one year for 91
BSATj estate — coTnrrmT— Sala.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN BUT-
TER COUNTY. *
$«3 an acre buys choice orchard land wtthi»
three miles of three large fruit eannertee,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery : best market center (or all kinds)
of fruit; the Butte County Irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under way for
■ two electric llnea to traverse thla section
and an overland road (the Western Pacl«e>
passing through here all point to a Urge la-
crease in land values: fotrr dairy passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now; xta
other section offers a better opportunity for
profitable investment: also have some good
iTt-'.ge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Batata
Dealer. 406 Second it.. Maryavtlla. Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMESEE2CERSI
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOO3TER
CO.. (US Market st.
$1500— RANCH of 13 acres; hcos* and -barn:
2H miles from Martinez. Room 502. Central
Bank building. Oakland.
GOOD fruit ranch with good buildings In foot-
hills, 1% ml!es from railroad, f r sale. Be*
owner at 228 Eighth aye.. Saa Francisco.
FOR — 56 acres 20 cultivated: sandy loam
orchard, vineyard; good bids. 26 Montg*y. r. i.
A WEEK'S newa for 3 conta — The Weakly CalL
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 91 per year.
murtiO PABiaiAL WTATI.
MENLO PARK-FAIR OAK 3. " ,
Large villa sites and tracts of from om to)
five acres, beautifully wooded and ready for
building: convenient to station and In best p*rt
of Fair Oaks and Manlo Park: road work free>
cf expense to buyers; exceptionally easy terms;
finest climate in vicinity of city; unexcelled
educational facilities. For particulars write |
BELBY. RODGERS A CO ,
Mam 673. 118 California «t.
BO33.TALIJT kxax. _btat_.
ROSS VALLEY acre tracU: rare chance for
speculation: cottaxe; lot*. J. E. LEWIB.
Kentfleld. Cal.
PmOP-— TT WAJTT— P.
WANTED— A piece of property tn neighbor-
hood of Webster and O'Farrell. Box onx.
Call office.
SAJT MATIO »___ MBATI.
BAN MATEO — — ■ SAN _ATSO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESTDENCS
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent resldenco
properties, villa sites and acreage. Dost fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park, the Ideal propety of them all. Lots of
about one acse each. Bound to b* moat valu-
able; $900 up.
HATWARD ADDITTO".
Adjoining the town. Business and resident*
lots. Street work complete. Covered with ma-
jestic oaks. Easy terms. See our local asent.
Frank S. Grummcn. San Mateo offloe opea
Sunday.
BALDWIN * HOWELL, _> Post at.
LOMITA PARK. " LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK.
■ . v ..: . -
On the line of San Mateo eleetrto ear*; 4»
minutes from Fifth and Market sta.
Sewer and water •pipes laid.
Pore artesian water.
Lots 9400 and up.
Oatslde the fos; belt.
B? 910 to ' $50 down and ' $10 per bms- *
Go dowa and lnvestigata.
>.' '. Maps sent on application.
-'-* SELBY. RODGERS A- CO..
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also st Lomlta Park.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAHOB.
FOR exchange — businens lots: corner. ■ fl'Tx
ICB, on Macdonald aye.: finest corner and the>
best business corner In the city of Richmond:
value $2500; can be Improved and made to
pay 2 per cent per month; will exchange for
.San Francisco. Oakland or Berkeley house
and lot and assume mortgage; do not ml.s
this opportunity of getting a corner that will
make you rich. J. W. LAYMANCE. 633
Market st.. San Francisco. - - - - .
' "V
OAKI2AND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 101« BROADWAY.
OAJCT^Ajrp SEAL KsTTATm.
A FINE up-to-date 9-room house: modern in .
every respect;' open plumbing: enameled!
bath; sunny s'.de of htreet and so- situated
that it sets the sun all day; located on
broadest street in Oakland; one block from
street 'car line and within 10 minutes' walk
of narrow-gauge local. Must be sold thlt
week- price 93500. Terms can be arranged
If so desired by purchaser; lot 45x100 feet.
Don't misa this: must be sold at once; ele-
gant Queen Ann 4-room modern house: sunn/
sids of street; paneled dining-room: pillared
arch from reception hall to parlor: Quaker
fireplace; porcelain bath: open plumbing; larg*
senny- porch with turned posu; open lawn:
cement walks around house and only 5 short
blocks from train, swell neighborhood: prica
$3250, - including large gas range and vent
hocdt Deaay water heater; only small cash
payment required.
For exchange — We have a flne 10-room
house, situated on the heights in the best pa. t
of Oakland. .The place Is of the finest fln;.-l»
throughout: all rooms are large and sunny and
every bedroom has running water; open nickel
Plumbing: ' bath enamel porcelain; flne staM-t
In rear- lot 50x120. WIU exchange for Oak-
land property or a ranch In a good locality:
value $7500. r*2SXIBBS23Sr%
-r KREIS3 A HORSWILU I
1070 Broadway. •
Phone Mala 422. . 1 '
A BARGAIN— Fine residence- of 12 room* ant*
all conveniences: on /ackaon St.; lot 100x170;
now rented to a good tenant at $70 per month:
price $10,000.
Elegant lot. 40x200. near Key Route station;
street macadamized; 30 minutes to £an Fraa-
cisco; new neighborhood; price $1500..
Fine northwest corner on Grove *t.. 32x90:
comfortable houaa of 7 roomu and bath; price)
$2200. ' / ' ..4— BiL* >!*>*%■' fciW* I *'* IMIUM'" 1 \'('S\
Elegant «orner, 50x150. bounded by thre*
streets; in Blasdel Tract; bank property; must J
be sold; terms very easy; price $600.
" Several elegant lots still unsold in the Frost
Tract- this is bank property Uken under fora-
closure ot mcrtsase.; terms very easy.
Elegant northwest corner, . near boulevarJ:
lot 150x140; house of 9 lar«e rooms, for aa:-*
by order of bank, pri-e $7000; this U a chaaca
for a builder or speculator.
J. H. DONALD A- CO..
106 a BROADWAY.
$SOO CASH, $10 thly: Eaatlake cottage: •
rootns; good well of water; deep, sandy loam
soil; away from fog» and cold winds; Join-
ing East Oakland, some young fryit trees: 1
lots; all fenced: 100x100; price in* ail $1475;
desirable and comfortable home: a bargain.
Call or send for. elrcular. -455 7th st. optk
Broadway station. o*_— i: QsUTiaga free.
BUSINESS . PROPERTY.:
On Broadway, in center of Oakland, iplendl.l
3-»tory brick building, containing 3 ■ store* *
and 22 living rooms: all well rented: lot 3Sx
- 60- price for quick sale $50,000. LLOYD A
STEIN. 458 Ninth St.. Oakland.
GEO. H. VOSE has removed from vn Broad-
way to 968 Broadway.. Phone Main ZC%.
REMOVAL NOTICE— KOENIG ,*" KROLL.
have removed their real , estate ofßee from
1008 Broadway to 873 Broadway. BE. cor Bta.-
O AKLAJTD UTOaVBB TO JtMT. ';.
OFFICE to — Handsome ground floor ofSce:
- centrally located: carpeted: phone; modern.
- Inqul— C. E. REED. 4<B 11th st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND TXTMMTTXJMM WXfM I*i' w *W
TO-MORROW ■ the ; day - for bancalns In furni-
- t-ure H. Bchelhaas.llth »t.. cor. store. Oaklaim."
For Additional : Classified Advertise,
■■..:. menu See Page 14.
1314
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
AX.AMEDA KCAL ZSTATE.
A JJAUGAIN— Fine hocse: the owner, here
from the- East, must M-il immediately; an
«-)e?ar.t. tnooern home, nicely located, one
iiiock fro:.i narr<-'» gauge Oepot; 7 large
rooms, reception lia'.l. bath. 2 toilets; 50-foot
:ct; $4500; terms to euit. Call or writ*
Owner. 619 Santa Clara aye.. Alameda.
$2!<*i-NEW cottage. 5 rooms; lot 33x155; SGOO
cash «r.d $20 a month. Railroad aye.. west
of Fifth et.. Alanteda. J. 11. YOUNG, owner.
TWO -ewly furr.iK}K-<j flats. 4 rooms, bath,
I«undr> ; choice location: eunny; reasonable;
ess range. ISOS Alameda aye.. Alameda.
San Francisco Advert s ents
BOOMS rOB HOTJSEKEEFIKO.
A.RDEI '1J Page st. — 1. - or 3 nice Turn.
bkpg. rms.. $1 to *.'; »eek; yard; gas.
BRYANT. 421 — One cr two nicely ! furnished
■unr.y rooms 'or housekeeping; gas.
FOURTH, 491— Two rurnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
GEARY. ClO. The Cart— Housekeeping rooms,
single or en suite; day, week, menth ; $1 50 up.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 372 — One. twi or three
lovely connecting housekeeping rooms; thor-
oughly renovau . everything new; yard; sta-
tionary tubs, trunk storage, bath; private.
GOLDEN GATE ay*., — Neatly furnished
outside room* for *i«l}t housekeeping, $10. 1
HATES. 407 — Two or three furnished rooms
for housekeeping; gas range,
HOWARD. 160S — Nicely furnished housekeep-
ng room: gas and running water.
HOWARD. 2016— Two housekeeping rooms;
112.
HOFF sve.. 27, off' Sixteenth St.. near Mls- j
elm—T wo nicely furnished rooms; bath and .
ca». •!
HTDE, 1412 — Upper floor, 3 unfurnished rooms (
andbath: gas range furnished; $20. ;
HTDE. 1515 — 2 or S sunny room*, furnished |
♦or housekeeping. j
JACKSON. 9€4— Large furnished room, two
grates, with housekeeping privileges. . j
MATBFLLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness — Sun-
r.y furniihed and unfurnished 3-room suites;
121. t». - '
MCALLISTER, 140O— Beautiful tsunny corner I
fciiite of housekeeping rooms, with kitchen ■
.and private bath, private residence, r 1
MISSION. 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; comulete; no children.
MISSION, 91 Housekeeping room to let;
single room. V"*:*'
KISSION. 1735, near Erie — Furnished room
for two; ■t of kitchen; housekeeping; $8.
OAK. 117 — Room*, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; ra.s range; hot bath; adults.
PEARL 13. nr. Market — Furnished house-
keeping rooms; us* of laundry and bath. j
POFT. P24— Sunny . housekeeping rooms, and |
ether BBS.
FOST. -s>f2— Pleasant rear eulte. $10; eunny
front suites, Jl2,' 115; water, gas; central.
SIXTH. 151, over book store — Sunny house* !
keering or tingle rooms.
SIXTH. 43t»H — Furnished housekeeping rooms j
<n quiet, family; rent reasonable.
TWENTi'-FOCRTH. 3305, near Mission— Large
front room; also two small rooms, housekeep— I
ing; yard; gas. t ■
TWENTY-THIRD. "2*. near Dolores — nice. !
neat sunny, bay-window suites of rooms, 4 ■
and 5 eac^i. complete for housekeeping;
rev.t reasonable.
WALLER. 71— Fine suite of rooms, furnished i
complete; $20.
WASHINGTON. 1025 H. near Mason— Front !
FuJt.e. furnij-ho.l or unfurnished, with kitchen .
If desired; other funny rooms.
APARTMENTS WANTED.
SMALL apartment anted of 3or 4 rooms, j
nicely turnlshed and containing all the mod- •
crn improvements:, can *ri\> best of refer- '
ence? »nd the tenants of the other apart-
me-nts must be quiei and highly respectable.
Box 51C2, '.all.
WANTED — To rent a 3-room apartment, fur- )
rished: state rates. Box 5201. Call. : ' !
BOOKS TO LET — Turn., and Vmfnrm.
AT^9?nC ATHRYNr'cORNER ~ ELUSAMJ
LEAVENWOKIH STS. THREE HCN-
I'RED ROOMS. MODERN AND LP-TO- j
DATE. LIGHT. NNY. AIRY, HAIR !
MATTRESSES. FREE BATHS. HOTEL
ACCOMMODATIONS. SINGLE ROOMS
WITH BATH. ROOMS FROM THREE
DOLLARS TO EIGHT DOLLARS PER
WEEK. . i
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
ISc to fl per night, $1 25 to $r. per week and I
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane — New ]
brick building: all sunny rooms; hct and cold :
water; electric lights: only first-class house j
in locality; rooms >I 50 week and up.
AT "The Almonte," 573 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c to 50c, 1, $1 50 night;
«l 50 to flO week; house open ali night.
BELMOXD House; over Owl drug ctore; Sen-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200 |
rooms; 25c to s<*c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BIRCH aye.. — One unfurnished room; run-
ning water.
Brunswick. 9J3Vi ■Washington. Oakland — Sunny
rms., euites, single; transient, permanent.
BUSH. 502, corner Grant aye. — Single and
double rooms; reasonable.
BUSH. Sunny alcove room and single
rooms for gentlemen; reference*.
EDDI 3 — Nicely furnished rooms; no better
locati in city; reasonable.
ELMER, S2l Bush— Nicely furnished rooms;
da> . week or month.
FOLSOM. 1362— nny front single room, $6;
*unny bay-window room. $10. ■ ■
OOUjBK GATE aye., Lovely front sunny
rm for Kent, o r back parlor; alt new;private.
tJRANIt Southern. Tth and Mission— Rooms 35c
to fl 25 night^Jl 50 to pn wk ; reading-room.
HATES. ST9— Nieely furnished front room.
HOWARD. 715— Furnished rooms single or
double; central location.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms ot all kinds and prices.
HOWARD. 1130^— Nicely furnished room.
HOWARD. 201ft— Furnished front room.
JCNES, 601,-Sanny flat; modern; - 2 elegant
rooms; newly furnished; private bath; bach.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny front room 1 or 2 per-
sons. $«iM>; r»at. r : front room, 2 beds. $7.
MARKET, Furnished rooms; newly reno-
vated; double or single, (j B}> week, month.
MARKET. If>49 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
?2 to p5 week ; baths: elevator; also hskpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 12» Third * st.— 4oo
*ln?le and family rooms 35c tosl 5O per day.
$2 to $t« week; Uie only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
Jhat has office on rround floor, hot and cold
water, el»>eTrl. lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room i-.-A gives free baths and ele-
vator iav and night to its guests.
OAK. 2037. nr. Park— Nicely furnished rooms;
housekeeping 1f desired; bath, phone.
POWELL. Pmal! room. 6: others, suit-
able for llpht u*ekeeptng. $?, week.
HOTAL HOUSE, 128 Bliis^lncandescent lichtT;
reading-room. nmoklng.-room and ladles' par-
Jor: rooms per night, Ssc to $1 V>; week. $2
10 $S: month. *-. to S3O; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; bathx.
£.' HLKIN <Thei. ccr. Bush and Polk — Every-
t!-,ii* new; single rooms, with private bath
.^nd phone or en suite; breakfast served in
roonie; week nr montE".
fci:VEXTH. -Ele«ant front room for 2 gen-
itemen; also back parlor for hsekng. ; clean.
PIXTEBNT! 2336. bet. Howard and Mission —
One sunny front rocm; newly furnished ; gas;
bath; rent $«..
THE Launston. 110. Eddy — First-class pertns-
nent ar.d transient roems: opposite Tivoli.
TURK. 123— Clean, sunny, double, single room*
g-ltn or without beard; «i up. -
TVi'fiTLFTH. 220, near Howard — Hali. bedroom,
$«: large room. $7; for. f gentleman; r.-, Hign.
UNITED STATE 3. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 4oo
room* S.V to $1 r.ipht, $1 75 to $6 .week; elec-
tric Heist* «no gas), running water in every
lonrn; elevator, nrad.-rpom; free bus, baggage. !
VAX NEisS aye.. 11— Sunny , furnishe'l rooms
for •-•iijllemen, f 10. $15; fas. phone; refer-
ence*.
VALENCIA. .10 Lerge, sunny room, private
■ ianjily; call Sunday or evenings.
ROOMS TO LET— rum, and Unfurn. ■
VALENCIA.* 22« — Nice, minny. single front
room for wcrklre Sady, use of parlor; home- 1
like. . j
VAN NESS aye. 100S— For rent, large front ,
alcove room, beautifully furnished, Eunshine |
all day. running water, hot bath, grate, ex- i
elusive neighborhood, suitable for one .or j
two rentlemen.
. : I
VENDOME. 1104 Market— Furn. rooms, suite 1
cr single; suite $5 week up. 15 Turk Et. j
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et., nr. Market—!
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms; j
35c to Jl 00 nightly: $2 to $8 week; elevator; ;
el«. lights; reaJlng-roon: : free bus, baggage, j
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at |
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts. :
BOOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Baltimore. 101P Van Ness aye.— First- !
«.la« hotel on American plan; families es- i
pecially ; elegant rooms, all modern and every
convenience; very sunny; fine views; table j
unsurpassed. H. C. SHANNON. Proprietor, f
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary St.— Large, I
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2. !
$50 month; eingle. with board. $25 up; special ,
ramlly rates; ju?t renovated^ I
WANTED— A married couple to board in pri-
vate famtlv of two; home cooking, with
nicely :umished sunny front room. 14la j
Van Iflis aye.; phone Polk 1793. i
CALIFORNIA 1526— Large room for 2. newly ;
furnished; hot. cold water; home cooking; ;
reasonable. |
■•,XTOX, 1332 — Room and board for one or j
two gentlemen; references required. Phone ,
Park 746. !
DEVISADERO. 1913. near Pins — Room and !
board optional; 2 complete housekeeping
rooms, $15. j
CALIFORNIA. 807— Best rooms, table and ser- j
vice in the city for the least money.
Corcora (The), 621 O'Farrell — Th« good fars. J
quick service arid air of refined nome.
BDDT. 824^ — Furnished, clean, sunny rooms, j
with excellent board. 2 meals; $22 and up. ;
ELLIS. 453— Nice furnished rooms with best
of French table board; very reasonable.
ELLIS. 1174 — Hrme place for refined youn* i
man;' pleasant loom and good board; $20.
FRANKLIN, 719 — Neatly furnished rooms; sun i
all day; also table board; home cooking.
FRANKLIN. 1109 — Large sunny room, with j
first-cl»ss board for two.
PINE. 109J> — Nicely furnished rooms with
board: good location; terms reasonable.
■ i
TVRK. 1159 — Nice furnished rooms in new flat I
with board; for gentieman.
VAN NESS aye.. 932— Furnished rooms with !
table board; central.
WANTED — Two young men board and room •
together. 2053 Fifteenth st.
BOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — By young couple, room and board ,
in Oakland or Berkeley. Box 99, Oa.ll office. ,
BOOKS WANTED.
BY a gentlewoman — Two sunny unfurnished l
rooms and dinners; in private family; West-
ern Addition; references. Box 6217, Call.
• i
YOUNG married couple desire three unfurnUh- |
ed rooms, not to exceed $12. Box 6046. Call, i
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at- '
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st. ,
SZ WING MACHINES AITS SUPPLIES.
WANT to rent a sewing machine? Telephone :
the White Co.. 915 Market st. ; they will at
once furnish you with the best machine on ;
earti, at the same price asked by others for
inferior makes. Telephone Jessie 4461. j
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best ,
is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any |
price: ali kinds rented lowest rat*s. Domes- ■.
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALI- kinds second-hand, $3. $5.^SB; slightly i
used. $10, $15, $20; jou know where the dolls <
swing in the window. 1061 Market st.
B NKW drophead sowing machines to be sold j
st once at $20 and $25; all high-grade makes. :
708 Valencia st.. near Eighteenth.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran- !
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st. ]
k WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call j
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. ?1 per year.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture, j '
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725— I
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Main 81. ,
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm St.; .
phone Main 31; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of- ]
He* Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571. |
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: j.hone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery I
-t.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
Ifi paires, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
STABX.ES TO LET.
TO let— Stable. T. stalls, with place for wagons.
Apply 138 South Park. ;
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond.
S2l Franklin. Inquire .'.21 Franklin. 8 to 12.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The '
Typewriter Exchange, 636 California »rt.
SD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
TXAYX.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for it.
VIAVI OQ.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
MARRIAGE LJCEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
resterdav :
William N*. L**, 35, San Jose, and Lorena S.
L«e, 38. San Joie.
Joseph P. McTammey, 21, 106 Fifth • street,
md May T. Roddy. 18, 119 Welch street. »
Charles H. Derham, 21, 1308 ' Mason ; street,
»nd Alice A. Brindle, 18, 1310 Mason street.
Thomas Silas, 27, Modesto, and Mary Avela,
19, city.
Clarence P. Cuneo, 20, 615 Bay street, and
Mary A. Hulten.- IS, 236 Fourth street.
William J. Hofrle. 33. New York, and Anna
E. Barden, 33. Utica. N. T.
Isadore G. . Caselli, 25. 1918 A Taylor St..
»nd Mary Oiavannini. 22 1918 - Taylor st.
Robert S. Hastle, 26. 120 , Etlta street, and
Edith Austin, 22. 116b' Ellis street.
James J. Flynn. 43. 1805 A Folsom «treet,
md Emma A. Bolller, 35, 3 Capp street.
Lowell C. Dlggs, 39. . Los Angeles, and Grac*
M. Pearse, IS, 644 Waller street.
Jacques Estacalles, 38, Menlo Park, "and ■
Anna M. Bouchet, 28. 2943 Mission street.
Robert M. Talt, 27. Sattiey, and Mary H.
Stewart. 22. Eierraville.
Hirashi Takeshita. 37, Toklo, and Chlyo i
Hasfirawa, \u, Toklo.
Kayoro Tsutsui. 37. Fresno, and Nabuyo
Yoshitanl. 29, Yakayama,' Japan.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by'
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the • same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement •
of the event are published once in this column I '
f r&g of charge.' .
*™""""" Tf "" M ""'" M*'"""™"""""'''""™^M *'"""™"""""'''""™^^ — "" I '^' M ' I
BORN.
BRADY— In this city. January 1. 1906 to the
wife of Peter W. Brady, a son.
CREIGHTON — In this city, February f> inofi
to the wife of John J. Crelghton, a son.
KAEINTZ— Tn this city, January IB 1906 to i
the Wtfl of Joseph G. Kaeintz. a son. '
MARRIED.
BLUME— In this city, February 1
1905,-. by the_Rev._. J. Fuendellng. Wilhelm b! i
Bsume and Rosa Bauer. • ,
fANNEMARK --< AHRENS— In thl« eilv i
February .'.. 1905. by tho Rev.: J. Fuende- '
llngr. George H. Danneroark and Rebecca :
I Cornahrens.- .. :- /;>
DIKD.
'.udwig— ft! |Lfahv. Thos. J 64
Rifhnp. C. C. — 71 Leverooi. Glulia— 65
James M. —5S i Maeholdt. Henry— B2
"arison Arthur — 8 Mathews, Chas I — :u
"urn*. Sidney P.— BH ! McCormlck, J. J i,'
.'onard. Henry N.— 36 ! Morellini, .1. V.—B mos i
:ouxhiin. «'atherin«— ~-i Nunan. Peter J. — 64
i rocker. William— K4 ■Quill. Itev William P
Divine. r>t«*r F— 26 -Rriniers Sophia J.— 56
Eklund. Rebecca— 3<> 'Riiidock. Urace E. — 22
r, Wm. L.— so Smyth, Katie A.
Garblni. Ri.-ardu .'!4 Stile?. Beatrice E.— 23
Gardner, James— 34 Btrong, Mildred D.— l 6
THE SA\ T fcRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 7, 1905.
Haggerty. John F. Thomaschewski.O.F. —
H.-.rt, Michael— 66 30.
Herrldge. Klizabeth A. Tozor, Charles W. — 75
— 39. j Trant. Catherine
Johnson, Isabel — 17 iVail, Pearl May — 19
Jones, Harrison C. — 751 Wedgwood. A. F. — 19
Juree. Catherine— C 4 (Wilcox. John W.— 72
Kiley, Mary— Bo IWolff. Peter— 4o
BECK— Ia this city. February 6, 1905, Ludwig
Beck, dearly beloved husband of Mary Beck,
and father of F. L. Beck and Mrs. F. Nico-
laus, a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged
*il years ti months and 23 days.
BISHOP— In Berkeley, February 5, 1905,
< urneliufi C. Bishop beloved brother of W.
H. Bishop, a native of New York, aged 71
years 4 months and 5 days.
tCs*Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. February 7 at 10:30 a. m., at his
brother's residence,' 1527 Ashby avenue,
Berkeley. Interment private.
BROWER— In this city, February 5, 1905,
James Morton Brower, beloved husband of
Nellie Brower, son of the late Judge J. D.
Dtp we* of cjuidun, and brother of J. D.
Brower of Salinas and Mrs. C. W. Pendleton
of Los Angeles, a native of New York City,
agrd 58 years it months and 12 days.
(C7Friends. acquaintances and members of
San Francisco Typographical Union No. 21
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
services to-morrow i Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock p. m., at the chapei of Charles H. J.
Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
corner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets, at
2:15 D. m.
CARLSON— In this city. February 4. 1905. |
Arthur Carlson, beloved son of N. A. and
Emma Carlson and brother of Henry Carl-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 8 years
9 months and 2 days.
C?"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), at 10:80
o'clock a. m., from the residence of his
parents, 1029 Sas Bruno avenue, near
Twenty-second street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
COUGHLIN— In this city, February 5, 1905.
Catherine, beloved wife of John Coughlin, and
loving mother of James, Kate, John and
Nellie Coughlin Mrs. W. L. Curtis and the
late William Coughlin, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 73 years.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 8 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 115 Twenty-seventh street, thence to
St. Paul's Church where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 8:30 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
rtTßTTS— ln this city. February 6, 1905, Sidney
Peiree Curtis, wife of the late Thomas Cur-
tip, and beloved mother of Emily Curtis, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 89 years 8
months and 17 days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1909
Mission wtreet. between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment private. In Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
X)NARD— At St. Mary's Hospital, In thla city
December 27. 1904, Henry Norman, beloved
son of Mary B. and the late Samuel Conard
of Sharon Hill, Pa., a native of Philadel-
phia, aged 36 years 6 months and 4 days.
LOOKER- In this city, February 6, 1906, at
the King's Daughters' Home, William
< rooker, a native of South Carolina, aged
84 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a, m., at the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by 11:30
train from Third and Townsend streets.
3EVINE— In this city, February 6, 1905, Peter
F., dearly beloved eon of Rose and the late
Patrick Devine, and brother of Mrs. Mamie
McMahon and Mre. Emma Carr, a native of
San Francisco, aged 26 years 9 months and
22 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to- morrow
( Wednesday*, at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his
late residence. 1608 Howard street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the recoae of
his soul, commencing at 9a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SKLUND— In this city, February 6, 1905,
Rebecca, beloved wife of John A. Eklund,
and daughter ot Elizabeth Edwards, a native
of England, aged 30 years.
ICT Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
SPPINGER — In this city, February 5, 1905,
William L. Eppinger, a native of New Or-
leans, ased 50 years.
(CT Remains at Clark & Booth's parlors.
612 and 614 Van New avenue, between Golden
Gate avenue and Turk street.
SARBINI — In this city, February 3 1905,
Ricardo. beloved husband of Emma Garblni,
father of Angelo and Umberto Garblnl, ion-
ln-law of Angelo and the late Rosa Boltano,
brother-in-law of Joseph and Paul Boltano,
and nephew of Angelo Borcioni a native of
San Donato, Lucca. Italy, aged 34 years. A
member of Volta Grove, U. A. O. D., No. 88.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 7, at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 2009% Fillmore street, between
Pine and California. Interment Italian Cem-
etery.
SARDNER — In Oakland, Cal., February 8,
1905, James Gardner, a native of Ironton,
Ohio, aged 34 years. . '
JAGGERTY— In this city, February 6, 1905,
John F. Haggerty, beloved brother or Mag-
gie and Joseph Haggerty, a native of San
Francisco.
lAHT— In this city. February B. 1905,
Michael Hart, a native of County Clare,
Irelahd cged 66 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attepd the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 a. m., from the Chapel
of the I'assion, attached to St. Mary's Hos-
pital, corner First and Bryant streets, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 7
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
11:30 a. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets. Remains at the parlors of McAvoy,
O'Hara -& Co.. 1239 Market street near
Ninth.
3ERRIDGE — In this city, February 8, 1905,
Elizabeth A., beloved wife of Charles' Her-
ridge. a native of England, aged 39 years
9 months and 26 day?.
ICyFrk-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) at 11 o'clock a. m., from the
funeral parlor* of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mis-
sion street (MUslon Masonic Temple), be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
fOHNSON— In this city, February 4, 1906,
Isabel, beloved daughter of Dora M. John-
eon and th« late Albert Johnson, and grand-
daughter of Charles H. Johnson of San Luis
Obispo. a native of San Jose. Cal., aged 17
yars. (San Luis Oblsao and Nevada papers
please copy.) ™ ■
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday}, at 10:30 a. m.. from her tate
residence, 2960 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services at 11 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
rONES— In this city. February 6 1906, Harri-
son C. Jones, beloved husband of the late
Caroline Jones, and father of J. j. Jones
and Mrs. J. A. Prie«, a native of lowa, aged
75 yt-ars 2 months and 14 days. (Bloomfleld,
Davis County. lowa, and Butte County Cal
papers please copy.)
C7"Remalns at the residence of his daugh-
ter, 630 Webster street, between Hayes and
Grove. Interment at Healdsburg, Cal., on
Wednesday, February 8.
rUßSS— Entered into rest. In this city Feb-
ruary 5, 1906, Catherine Jurat;, dearly be-
loved wife of the late John Jurss and de-
voted mother of Mrs. G. Boragno and Henry
Jurss. a native of Niederweisßer, Germany,
aged 64 years 4 months and 17 days. '
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of
the H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mission
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
X3LEY— In this city, February 4, 1905 Mary
Klley. beloved mother of Patrick Klley
Mr*. Delia Foley and Joseph Klley, a native
of Ireland, aged 80 years.
jEAHY— In this city, February 6 1905
Thomas J., beloved husband of Sarah J
I^eahy, and loving father of Daniel E
Charles H., Thomas F. and Mary C Leahy'
a native of County Limerick. Ireland, apod
64 year*. (Erie, Pa., papers pfea.fe copy )
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1603 Dolore* street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of Ills
»oul. at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Ometery .
_,Ft"ERONI— In this city, February 6. 1905,
Glulla Levferonl. beloved aunt of Emilio,
Amalia. Albina and Eliza Ravezzani, sister
Of Maria Defferrari, and mother-in-law of
Emilio Ravezzani. a native of Chicagna,
Italy, aged 65 years 8 months and 14 days.
CX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
February 9, at 10 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 4 Union place, between Du-
pont and Stockton, Union and Green streets
thenc* to Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian
Church, where at 10:30 a. m. a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul.
IIAEHOLDT— In thi» city, February 4, 1905, !
Henry Maeholdt. a native of Germany, aged
S2 years 10 months and 24 days.
(ETFrtendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
February 7. at 10 o'clock a. m., fiom Charles !
J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors, 636 '
Washington street, thence to Mount Olivet
Cemetery for interment, by 11:30 a. m.
train.
IATHEWS— In this city. February 6. 1905.
Charles I. Mathews, beloved son of the late
Margaret Mathews, and brother of Mrs.
Joseph Rohr and Mrs. Thomas Swan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 31 years and 4
months.
C7" Funeral services at 2 p. m. Tuesday,
February 7. at the chapel of N. Gray & Co.,
353 Sutter street. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemotery.
drCORMICK— In this city. February 6, 1905,
J. J. McCormlck, brother of the late Mar-
garet Eldracher. uncle of William F. and
Charles Eldracher, and brother-in-law of
, llPlen V, Kldracher, a native of ' Tipperary,
Ireland, ' aged 62 years 11 months ■ and -■ 6
::dayß.-.,,-/ - ■ ■■' ... ' : ./.■■■ ":■ -..'■' ••';
| MORKLLINI— In this city February. 5/ 1905.
.; John. Verdi, beloved 6on of John and . Isabel
. Morellini. a ' native of San Francisco, aged ' 8
/ months and 21 days. v. •■-'- .:"' ' '■. ' ■•
C?" Friends and acquaintances ; are respect-
, fully , invited ; . to " attend ; the funeral ; to-day
•- (Tuesday)/ at' 10:30 a.'. *n., from the home
- of his parents, 114 Shotwell >. street, - between
Fifteenth i and Sixteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 train from Third
. and Townsend streets.' .
NUXAN-In this city, February 3, .1906. Peter
.; J. Nunan. a native of Ireland, aged 64 years.'
QUILI^-An anniversary eolemn ■ requiem high
mass will • be ; celebrated for -. the reDOse iof
the eoul of the late Rev. - William P. Quill
\at 10 o'clock a. m., at St. Agnes Church,
J Thursday, '.February 9. Friends and ac-
quaintanoe* are resDectfully invited to at-
■-. tend. '.;- .■,.■•.'
REIMERS— In. this city. February 4. ,1905.
Sophia J.. beloved wife of ,-T.; Gustave
Reimers, . and : devoted mother of Mrs. Kate
Arentsen,. Mrs/= C. ; Stewart and William J..
Gustave A. and Fred F Reimers. a native
»■■ of ■ Wurtemberg, Germany aged 56 years 7
months and .12 days A member of Rothes
Kreuz , German Ladies' Benevolent Society
and_San Francisco ; Frauen * Verein.
IpTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited Ito attend the funeral to-day
• (Tuesday), February . 7 ■at 11 •a. . m., from |
.the parlors of H F. Suhr ■&■ Co.. : 1137 Mis- |
Rion street, between Seventh : and Eighth.
' Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery/ ;
San ■;-■ Francisco Frauen ; Verein ,■ the
officers and members of the San Francisco |
Frauen Verein: You are hereby requested to
assemble -at the parlors of H. F. Buhr &
Co.. 1137 Mission street between Seventh
and Eighth, to-day (Tuesday), February i
7, at 10:30 a. m. to attend th* funeral
of our departed »ister, Sophia J. Relmeri.
• By order ..-; . •■ .■■.-.
MRS. CAROLINH ÜBHOFF, Fr«i. :
MRS. A; MASS, Secretary. -,
RIDDOCK— this city February 0. 1908,
Grace Ethel, -beloved daughter of Jessie and
- the late 'Alexander ■ Rlddock, "and sister* of
Mrs. J. ■ Conger and "Wlngate N., Alexander
■ S. and George ' H • Riddock and Mrs. A. ■P.
Macphee. a native of Contra Costa County,
Cal.. aged 22 years 5 months and 24 days.
lE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully ■ invited to attend the funeral • ser- I
vices to-day. (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock I
1 a. m., at her late residence 211 Valencia '
■treet, . between . Duboce avenue and Four- -•
teenth street. Interment Mount Olivet Cem- (
etery. by electric car from corner Eighteenth
and I Guerrero atreets.
SMTTH— In this city, February 8. 1905,
j Katie A., dearly beloved daughter ot Bridget
and the lat«:C/ R. Smyth, and lovlnf sister
.of Mrs. John : Doherty and C. R. Smyth and
- the late Sister Marie d'Chantal and John T.
1 Smyth, a native of San. Francisco. '-
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from the 'residence
of her mother. 737 Guerrero street, near
> Nineteenth. v thence to Mission Dolores
- Church, where a requiem high mass will be
:. : celebrated for ■ the • repose of . her soul, com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy. Cross
"■■ Cemetery.
STILES— thia city, February B. 1905.
Beatrice BL Etiles. dearly beloved wife of
George R. Stiles, and daughter of Victoria
and the late Pletro Siml, and sister of Mrs.
C. A. Krone; H. •C. Siml and Mrs. 'F. Pin-
. nella, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
: years. - ', ;.:
IC7FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),- at 10:45 a. m., from ; her lat*
■ residence, 826 - Cole street, between Fred-
erick : and ~ Carl ■ streets. Interment . Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero atreetß. 4 .
STRONG — this city. February 4, 1906. at
her residence, 204 Eleventh street, near How-
ard, Mildred Dorcas, beloved daughter of
' Charles F. and Isabel M. Strong, and sister
;.? of Carrie E. and Clyde W. Strong,, a native;
■ of Omaha, Nebr./aged 15 years 2 months and
27 days. (Omaha papers please copy.) . . ;
C7Friends and ; acquaintances i are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
• . Tuesday. . February 7, at 1:30 p. m.. at th*
First Christian Church, "welfth street, be-
tween Mission and Howai-d. Interment Cy-
■■ press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
THOMASCHEWSKI— In this city, February 6.
i 1905 Oswald F., dearly beloved husband
of Marie Thomaschewskl, eon of Clara
Thomfschewski, - brother of Richard and
Edgar Thomaschewskl, and son-in-law %of
; • Mr. and Mrs. 3. Rebstock. a native of Ger-
many, aged 39 years 1 month and 27 days.
ICTNotloe of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden i
Gate avenue. ; : •
TOZER— In this city. February 6, 1905, Charles
.. W., beloved husband of. Mary E. Tozer, and
father of Charles M., Georgia R. and Roy S.
Tozer. a native of New York, aged 75 years.
-.-';'. |E7Sriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ■vited to .attend the funeral to-morrow
rWednlsday), :at 2 o'clock p. in., from the
family* residence. 1431 Webster ■ street. In-
• terment I. O. O.F. Cemetery. »
TRANT— In this '« city, February 5, 1905. at
the • residence of her parents. >■ 1330 Folsom
street, between. Ninth and Tenth. Catherine,
■ dearly beloved daughter of Thomas and Kate
Trant,. and . loving sister of .. Anna, .; ; - Mary,
Ella. Nona" and TM ward Trant. and niece of
Mrs. D. Lawlor and Mrs.' J. Glaven. a native
. of San Franclaco.'. ;- ■■ ■ - •
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral- to-day
(Tuesday); February . 7, :at 8:30 a. m., . from
, the residence of her . parents, ; 1330 Folsom
street, between Ninth and Tenth/ thence to
■ St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
I high mass will be. celebrated - for ; the ' repose I
of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. 'Inter-
ment ■ Holy Cross Cemetery. .'- * ' - : • . :-
VAIL— Oakland. Cal.. February ■'■ 6, ' 1905.
■ Pearl - May/ beloved daughter of N. B. and
Bell M. Vail and sister of Mabel and Dezzle
Vail : and Mrs. E. W. Davis, a native of i
Oakland, aged 19 years 8 - months ' and 19
•'day 5...... ... • , .•" -..'■■■.:-- .--•■;■■.;. .
WEDGWOOD— In Auburn, ; Cal.. February 4,
; r.)05. Arthur Francis, beloved son of William
) and Mary Wedgwood, 5 and . loving brother of
William and Ethel Wedswood - and 1 nephew
of -William Hujjhes and Mrs. William C.
Halllnan, a native of Oakland, Cal.. aged 19
. years and 9 months. ;'":•;■ :: . . ; .
-■ itTFriends and acquaintances ' are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m. from
the : parents' residence, 62S . Harrison - street, j
} thence to St. Patrick's Church . for ■ services j
: at 1 p. m. : : Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, I
by the electric funpral car from . Eighteenth i
.*' and Guerrero streets at 1:30 p.; m.
WILCOX— In this city. February 5. 1905. I
• John \V.. beloved husband of Tillle t>. Wll-
cox. and father of Ethel W. Wllcox, a native i
■ . of Frankfort, Ky.. : aged * : 72 years 1 - month i
' and 8 days. ■ (Merced, , Mariposa and Frank- I
fort. Ky., papers please copy.) ; . //
' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ' the funeral ■> to-day !
'(Tuesday), from St. Mary's Cathedral, where !
a solemn i requiem high- mass will bie cele- j
brated for the . repose of . his soul, commenc-
ing; at 9:30 a/ m. ' Interment c Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 h. m. • train ■ from Third
and Townsend' streets. : Remains at his late
residence.,, S5O McAllister street. /
WOLFF — In this city, February 6. 1905, Peter
■ Wolff, dearly : beloved ■ son of Mrs. Katie
; Wolff of Holy Cross. Wisconsin, •■ a native of
V Illlnols. : aged. 40 years. '." ... V:;:.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
B L Wat 6s. — 114%!S P Co 4%b.100',4 —
Cal NW 65..110',4H4 Sun Tel 65... 110 —
M C Wat ss. — 114 I Do 5s 106% —
SF Drdk 55. 112 — ISuttr-st RSs.UH —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 2« INev Nat 8k.222U2J\0
Amer Bis Co — 90 IN SR R Co. — 12%
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN Cal P Co. — I(s' i !
Cal G&BCor. 50 61 OaR Bk Sav.l2s — '
Cal Powder.. 130 148 [Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal TI& T — ISS IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak — 76 Orpheum Co. — 18W
Chutes Co .. B 6 PacC Cas C 0.125 —
City ACBk — 120 Pac Sur Co. .106 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6 Paraf Paint.. 44 —
DptPwd pfd. 7B — S F Drydock — 65
Da com ..49 — SF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
FN Bk. 0ak.120 — S J "Wat Co. 103% —
Fischer Thtr — I^4 SO & MTgbt.l2s
Frnch-A 8k.1(>7 112 Bwiss-A 8k..120 —
Hono P Co.. 38 39 Truck Elect.. 12 14
Do pool .. 3!l 40 Union S Co.. — 30
Lon& SF Bk 67 75 UR InC pfd. 77%
Mat Nay Co. 70 — - 1> O com ... 17
Mils Nat 8k.300 —
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 35
Asso Oil Co cert 28 29
Olaremont 75 85
Coalinga and Pacific 1 25
Forty 47
F->nr 58
Junction 20 ....
Kern 6 00 7 50
Kern fnew) ' 24
Kern River 9 S5
Monarch of Arizona 20
Monte Cristo 80 85
Oil City Petroleum «7
Thirty-three 8 25
Twenty-eight 12 25
RALES.
Morning 1 Session.
No sales.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
2">nfi Forty 27
5 500 Oil City 67
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran- j
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
3200 A lta 06| 100 Hale & Norc.l 45 j
9« Alta 05| :;00 Ophlr 8 23 '
600 Andf-s 38j 150 ophlr 8 12'^
400 Bullion 301 200 Overman 32
P.no Caledonia .... 68| KtO Potcsl 14
100 Challenge ... :;2| "00 Savage 41
TOO Chollar 29: SOO Savage 40
1200 Con Cal & V.2 :'.O 400 Reg Belcher... 15
200 Confidence ... 96 000 Scorpion 29 ,
inn Confidence ... 97 900 Scorpion 30
1200 Ton Imperial. 02 200 Sierra Nev 48!
400 Exchequer ... 51 400 Sierra Nev.... 47 j
100 Exchequer ... 52| 100 St. Louis .... 12
100 Exchequer -....53| 500 Union C0n.... 67
200 Gould & ; Cur. r 23 200 Utah . .". ... ... 20
700 Gould & Cur. 24 500 Yellow • Jacket. .. 30
: 100 Hale & Norc.l 40 -;•
Afternoon Comstocks.
200 Andes. ....... 4 36 1 SCO Exchequer ... 55
100 Andes •...";... 35; 200 Hale & Norc.l 40
I .200 Belcher .../.. 25| 500 Julia ......... 08
I 300 Belcher ...... 26| 200 Mexican ......2 25
, 300 Best & Belch.l 35! 200 Ophir ....:... 8 00
i - 400 Bullion •.- ..... 301 100 Overman ..... 30
J-.000 Caledonia .... 66 600 Potosi V...V... 15
j 100 Caledonia .:.. 651 ftOO Savage :./.... 40
300 Challenge ... 31 500 Scorpion ...... 29
100 Challenge ... •30 600 Seg Belcher... - 14
• - 100 Chollar . . . .-. .29 200 Sierra Nev. . /. •4k
i 1260 Con Cal . & V.2 25 700 Union C0n.... - V
; 100 Exchequer ... 54| y ' -.*
* CLOSINO QUOTATION'S. '.';-'/
■ v Bid. Ask. v ! Bld:Asfc.
Alpha ....... 18 Julia ......... 05 06
■Alta-; ;.. 08 07lJustlce ....... 14 16
Andes ....... 35 - 37lKentuck ..... 04 05
Belcher ...... 25 26[Lady Wash .. 02 04
Best & Belch.l 25 1 30 Mexican - 2 20 2 25
Bullion ...... 31 33IOccidenta"l ... 86 90
Caledonia.... «5 66jOphlr ........8 00 825
jjhallengs ... 30 Overman ..... 29 s3l
Chollar-.". 31 32lPotosi .... 15 16
Confidence ... 95 100 Savage ;...... 42 -43
Con Cal & V.2 25 2 30|Scorpion ...... 28 30
Con Imperial. 01 flßtSeg Belcher... M 16
Con NY..... 03 061 Sierra Nev 45 46
Crown . Point.. 19 21|Sllver Hi 11....; 62 6t
E. Sierra Nev 06 — ISt. Louis .... 08 —
Eureka Con.. — ' ,BO|Syndlcate .... — 20
Exchequer ... ,54 55! Union Con ... 66 «s
i Gould & Cur. 24 25 Utah ......... 19 ,21
Hal« & Norc.l 55 1 65| Yellow' Jacket. 29 )30
• TONOPAH i AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
t Morning Session.
500 Adanu^. ..... 15 10 ° Mont Ton . . .2 45
2000 Black ButU. . 29 400 Mont T0n...2 47H
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 70 5506 North Star 7.-87
2600 Bullfro* Mln. 71 1 2200 Orig Bullfror. 45
10 °° Bullfrog ' £?••'. 22J1000 Ortg Bullfro». 4«
500 Bullfrog- Ex.. 23 1600 Orlg Bullfro». 43
I r2s 2? Ufros ' Bx.. 24 15C0 Orlg Bullfrog. 44
500 Cash Boy ... 12! 1000 Paymaster ... 04
,i£2 ?lamondflel(l-'? lamondflel(l -' 60J2500 Pennsylvania.. ,10
V£Sl 2° Id Anchor -- 61 1500 Red Lion .... 06
r5S$ °° 1(1 Anchor -- ' 60 800 Red Top ...,. 21
1000 Goldfleld Dmd 1 121 800 Rescue ....... 10
700 Goldfleld Mm. •" 83| 800 Rescue 09
9000 Jumbo Ex . . 34 1000 Sandstorm ... 60
; J°» Kendall -""-- 38 1 250 Sandstorm ... 63
ii 22 MacNamara. . 67 200 Ton Belmont. . 84
}iSSi. MacNamara.. 66 400 Ton Gold Mt.. 15
J2s^ MacNalnara - 65 800 Ton Midway.. 90
J?22 w ac^ amara -- ■"' 64 800 Ton Midway.. 91
1100 MacNamara.. "■ . 63 ' 1.00 Ton Midway. . 92
«m 2 ont Bullfror 13 600 Ton Midway.. 83
8500 Mont Ton ■•-:"-. .2 60|2100 Ton. Midway.. 94
Afternoon Session.
9 £oo Adams ...... 1511400 MacNamara... 59
600 Adams * : 16! 700 MacNamara, . . 6T
1500 Black Butte.. 29 6HO Mohawk ..... 17
400 Black Butt*. . 30| 200 Mont Ton . . .2 50
o2™ la k Bu 4Sf" 28 ' 10 ° Mon T0n... 2 52 V>
2300 Bullfrog Ex.. 24 2COO North Star ... 38
JSOO Blue Bull ... 30 2000 North Star . . 87
i^a C. Eureka..2 12^4 250 Orl(r Bullfror. 45
J™2 £ Eureka... .2 10 1100 N V Ton Con. 11
2ft£ ™". Mercur/. 37 i 3500 NY Ton Con. 12
iwn ??i cMI:e M 1: •• 22 2500 N V Ton Con. 13
1000 Gold Anchor.. 60 4000 N V Ton Con 14
4ft^? Gold Anchor., fil |l ß. fiOO Paymaster.. 04
1000 Gold Anchor.. 62 2500 Red Top ;'.: 21
BCO Goldfleld B Bl OSIsOOO Red Top '.'.'.'.'. 22
500 Goldfield Ton. 2500 Rescue . 10
200 Jumbo M Co. 70 100 Sandstorm .... 61
' 400 Kendall • • SSI 100 Ton Belmont. . 85
V 2« acNamar *-- 6011000 Ton Gold Mt.. 15
,l%t MacNamara.. 611 800 Ton Midway.. 98
1800 MacNamara.. 58(2800 Ton Midway.. 94
CLOSrNG QUOTATIONS. -
Tonopah District.
'Bid. Ask. ' Bid Ask.
Gold Anchor.. 60 61JRe«cue ... 08* 00
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Belmont.. 84 85
Jim Butler •• 83 —Ton A Ca1.... — 16
Little Ton . . 40 — Ton Cash Boy. 00 10
MecNamara. . 67 B9jTon Exten ..525 575
Mizpah Ex .. 11 —Ton &Gt W. 01 03
Mont Ton ... 250 2 Ton Midway.. ,93 94
NY Ton Con 12 13 Ton N Star. 37 88
Ohio Ton 40 43 Ton Nev. . . .11 75 12 00
Paymaster . ..- (a 04 West End ... 40 43
Qulncy M Co. 11 — .
. Ooldfleld District
£?"?*■„"•••- 15 17 Goldfleld Mhk. 17 —
B ack Butte^. 28 — Gldfld Red L. 05 .©«
Bd Butte Ex 10 — Goldfleld BPk — IS
Blue Bull M. 30 — iGoldfleld Ton. — 03
Booth M Co.. 10 — loidfleld Verde. 06 07
Columbia Mt. — . Jumbo M Co. 69 T.I
Dlamondfleld. B0 65| Jumbo Ex ... S4 ■S5
Dixie Mm ... — 23)KendaII _ Is
Goldfield 88l 05 06' May Queen .. 30 30
GWfleld BAM. IMS Pennsylvania.. - 10
Gldnd Colum., 06 OR Red Top * 21 "•»
.Goldfleld Dmd 11 12; Sandstorm '.*/■- «r> 6*
S?, d .- H lb rnla - 20 - io! Vernal Mln ■■ 13 14
Goldfleld Mln. 75 80[
Other Districts
Rn!!£!s !£*• lo — |°rf* Bullfro*. 44 45
Bullfrog Ex.. 23 — Rey & O'Brien 05 07
Colehan . —/. 10 Southwestern. «0 fis
?B? BP ran^!L." •' 01 02' Ton Gold Mt.. IB 1R
Lucky Tom... 03. 06'Sylvanla 28 "7
Mont Bullfror 15. ,171 United Ton ... — 09
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE/
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:80 a. ; m. Session.
4m U Pe \- Gold M - 15 ! 100 Of* Bullfrog. -47
MacNamara.. 68 100 Ton BelmontT ' 85
I=2! M acNa mara V «e7« e7 ' 3000 Ton Midway. 90
V£Z 1^??-- 2 42 50 T n Midway 91
3000 Orig Bullfrog. 48|1POO Ton N Star. . 3«
' V . "lla. m: Session.
1000 Columbia ' Mt. 45|15C0 Orig Bullfror 46
100 Free Gold M. 15 10C0 Ortl Bu Ifrol' 4%
1000 Gldfld Red L. 07 1000 Paymaster^ 05
1000 MacNamara. . 60; 200 Red Top . . '. '. '. 21
100 Mont T0n. .2 47W1000 Rescue ...... * fA '
1400 Mont Ton ...2 60|1000 Ton-N Star!:: 37 ;
2 p. m. • Session.
■BJaek Butte.: 30| 500 Mont Ton ...2 65
100 Free Gold M. 15(3000 Ortjr Bullfrog 2?
500 Goldfleld Mtn. 81 1000 Paymaster °*' oi
1500 Goldfleld Mln. 50|4C00 Red Top ' .'" •>?>
«W; Kendall ...... 3611000 Red Top.*."*" 23
-,%£, MacNamara.. 60|l000 Roth ... is
1^ MacNamara. . 68 f 500 Rothwell . . "4
4500 Mont Ton . . .2 50 600 Ton N Star "7
300 Mont Ton..2B2ui^ Star... O 7
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I- { r.,, Agk
A»f D 15 10MacNamark...™9 60
Blackl Butte.. 29 30lMont Ton 250 " s«>t&
Columbia Mt. 40 4r,; Ohio Ton "! " . — 45
Dixie Mln ... — 30 Orig Bullfrog. 44 46
Esperanza ... 01, 021 Paymaster ... 04 » 05
Fr Gold M. -. 15! Ray O'Brien O3 _
Gold Anchor.. sf» r,2lße<l Top ... 21 23
Goldfleld 88l 05 OS! Rescue .'.'." OD 10
Goldfield Mm. SlßothTrell G M 24 _
Gldfld Red L. ■06 07Ton Belmont S4 ffi
GoldfieM S Pk — Ton Exten . . .4 75 h 75
Gold :Mt Con. — 02! Ton Gold™ It! \. 16 17
Jim Butler ... BO - Ton Midway.. 91 95
Jumbo ; M Co. 65 70! Ton of NY/..12 00 —
Jumbo Ex .. 26 , —I Ton N Star 1« so
Kenda11...... 35 S7!tTnUed To"' -- fg
Lucky Tom... — 10! West End ... 36 Jo
■ - ' « ♦ ■ — : '—. :
REAL ESTATK TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6.
K^£ n f\ N d ,. Nan l^ K - Field *to Fred H.
Koch, lot on X line of . Octavia street, 68:9 N
of Greenwich. N 2« by E 100- $10
n. HH nyn y ' i?' p n<l Frances K. : Taylor and Ade
line M. P. and Frederick P. Howard to Bav
slde^Company. lot .on S line of Geary street.
N i?7:6!"*Vo! ter> B 72:6 -* S 137:6 W 72: * ■
.■. ■ - Annie Ring to' Ella M. * Ring, lot on W line
of F ino street. 87:5 Nof Union,' N 27 by
W 100; i gift. - ■ . '.''■•, \ :•--.•■
Ella M. Rln to Elisabeth A. Ring, same;
Bernard ana • Fellrie Cassou to William O
and .Augusta - D. ; Stuttmelster. lot on N line
of McAllister street, 137:6 W of Fillmore W
40 by N 137:6: $10.
- Mary Fbgarty to ■ Michael Carroll, lot on .W.
line of Steiner street, S5 6 of Union S 27:6
by W 100: $10. . . /-\.-\ .
:--A.-. S. Keane. ' Kate and ■ Margaret O'Brien,
Hannah • Murphy ' and Ellen Crowley to F. ! J.
Kiercc, • lot 'on s E line ; of ' Masonic avenue , 100
S of Oak street. S 25 by X 100; $10.
William J/McKillop to Theodore and Sophie
Binner, " lot ;• on " X line lof - Ashbury street 60
N of Waller, N 25 by.E SHS; $10.
.' Bethla I. Cooley .to Mary T. Boweh, lot on
E line of Pearl street. SOS N of Ridley. N 25
by X SO; $1. ■ -, ■
' Abraham ; Sch wabacher ■et al. 'to; M. * Fisher
Company, lot on S line: of Duboce street, ; 170
W- of Valencia. W 100. : S 160, B 125 N• 70
W 25. N 00; $10. " . . -.
* James H. and Lillie A. Anderson' to Joseph
.yon t YVertliern, •: lot :on NW •. corner of Twenty
tliird ' and -Folsom' streets/ N 22:3?1 by W
77:6; $10. . '
?~ Alexander. and Nellie Bond to H«nry P. P.
.West,: lot' on: E line of Mission street. 167:6 S
of ,-i Twenty-fourth, S -27:6, E 115 .N; 93 6
JSW 135:l?i; $10. :
- ■; Frederick :F. \ (or Frederick) Heine to": F-. O.
SJogren." lot ton ; N<. line of ;. Day = street, 230 W
cf . No<\ ; W-, 25 by N 114. quitclaim deed ; . $1. .
r F. .. O. and ? Hulda ■; C. "■ Sjogren. to Arnold and
Augusta Bihler/ same: ! slo. • Pwfß^tenMHMM
- •" Savincs > and i Loan } Society i to : James : Brown.'
lot on line of Twenty-first street: 125 W of
Castro.VW 125 by N 410; S3OOO. .
: Annif Rin^ to May T. Ring, lot on W line
of Eureka street/ 1 229 N of Ocean road N 25
by W 130: gift. ■-.' -y :'\- :■, : „;
Hartlan<l Ada Law to Barker Klnney
(corporatlonVjlot on. NW line of Howard street. <
.100 NE of Second/ NE 75 ; NW, S5. .SW C 9 NW
80, SW 41. SE 80. NE 5/SE S3; $10. '.•.'■' '•
; David t. Cummin? i et's al. to », William Sharp.
lot ion W line >of Third \ street ■'• 50 ' N of ; Har
rison, N 25 by W, 80; $10. '
*: I/OUie ■ und « to ■ David 1 L.. Roach, lot on NE
line vof *■ Madi.«on * street." 87:6 SE of Harrison,
SD.2sibyiNE,7s: $10. ; •/ . - . ; .
'C; Mary J. Dowdall et al. to William A. Lange.
lot on ' NIN I comer ' of > Chesley . and Boyd • streets.
NW 60 by NE 60;$10.. : : r
■~\ George <F. Lyon \to "■ Frank L/ Gely s. ' lot >■ on
vW.line of Mississippi street. 275 N,of Twenty
fifth. a N 1 25 by W 100: : $325* : .
;« Ernst " J. and 3 Helen i, Wittenberg , x to : Agnes
J. Burnes. ■;. lot on N line, of » Lake street. 1 70- E
of < Fifth i avenue, t E 25 'by j N 00;" $10. '
=■* William Watson to Charles Oberfeld , Jr. and
Henry j Sass/: lot son■ S S line ■of i California street.
95iE- of Twenty- third 'avenue} E 25 by S 100;
$10. :-::: : = ■-■: ';-::■■ - v,.- .■ . ;-..* „•/;,- .: . - ;
::. * Wlllard :X:> and \ Marie . L. r Huntington .to '
Kate ; H. Dugan. lot ! on ; S . line ■of ■ Point ; Lobos
avenue. " ■ 105 s W of * Fourteenth avenue. WJ, 25
by S 105: b slo.sV, , i . : .
'*•■ Same 'to Elizabeth ,F. Nelson, lot : on. S-lina
of ; Point »Lobos : avenue, 130 > W of Fourteenth
avenu*. TV by 8 105; $10. ;;.f/ ; , =.
■•-; Same to Orlando G. Sag*, . lot ; oa" W ; line' of
■:<:':■ '< .':; ■'.'' ■■ * ■■" '■ _ *.■: -\" ■"-: .:".■:■" ■■ '-. - ..■■"- - .■ ■ -
ACCUSES MILES
OF BRUTALITY
Stinging Denunciation of
the General by Daugh
ter of Jefferson Davis
CALLS HIM INHUMAN
Says Her Mother Was Sub
jected to Insult When
Visiting State Prisoner
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Feb. 6.
General Nelson A. Miles' alleged true
story of the treatment accorded Jeffer
son Davis at Fortress Monroe and the
latter's alleged connection with the
assassination of Lincoln has aroused
Mrs. J. A. Hayes, daughter of Jeffer
son Davis and wife of the president of
the First National Bank of this city.
Mrs. Hayes says:
"I thought that the accusation that
my father was implicated in the as
sassination of Abraham Lincoln had
been so thoroughly exploded as to no
longer receive the consideration of in
telligent people. I remember distinct
ly what my father said wnen ha heard
of Lincoln's death. I was with my
father when he was captured in the
woods of Georgia. When he heard that
Lincoln had been killed ne said: 'This
is the bitterest blow that could have
struck the South. Lincoln was a good
and just man, according to the light
given him.'
"If Lincoln had lived, my father
would never have been subjected to
the treatment he received at the hands
of General Miles. The worst brute
could not have been more brutal than
was Miles to my father. He treated
Mr. Davis as a felon or murderer might
have been treated and not as a state
prisoner.
"Lieutenant Colonel John J. Craben,
who was my father's physician and a
Northern man. tells or the Inhuman
treatment meted out to my father by
Miles, in the book he has written on the
subject of my father's Imprisonment.
Miss Anna Craben, daughter of Dr.
Craben, personally cooked my father's
food, for fear he would be poisoned."
Mrs. Hayes told of insults to which
she says her mother was subjected
when the latter went to visit her father,
then beloved to be In a dying condi
tion.
"General Miles insulted my mother."
said Mrs. Hayes, "and my father, feeble
and emaciated as he was, shook the
iron gratings of his cell and said to
Miles:
" 'If I could get at you, I would tear
you limb from limb.' "
FRUIT DEALERS BUYING
FROM CALIFORNIA VTRECT
Chicago No Longer a Distributing Cen
ter for Towns Around Lake
Michigan.
BENTON HARBOR. Mich., Feb. «.
Fruit men say that Chicago Is losing
trade as a California fruit distributor.
For years the big market at the head
of the lake has been distributing near
ly all of the oranges and other Cali
fornia fruit among the larger towns
near Chicago in three States. Now,
however, carloads are shipped direct
ly to the small towns.
The freight on a carload of oranges
from California to Benton Harbor is
the same as to Chicago and is given
out at $350. Several Illinois towns
and many in Wisconsin are now get
ting their fruit from California groves,
the freight rate being such that di
rect shipment is advisable.
I Fourteenth arenne. 158 S of Point Lobo« ave
1 nue. 3 23, TV to lands described in 1974 D. 176
NW to point 155 S of Point Lobos avenue E
• to beginning; $10.
Same to Andrew Wlren. lot on W line of
; Fourteenth avenue, 130 S of Point Lobos ave
1 nue. W 155. S 19:8, TV 11, SB to point 155 8
of Point Lobos avenue, E to Fourteenth ave
nue. N 25: $10.
Same to Georjce W. McKay, lot on SW cor
ner of Fourteenth and Point Lobos avenues S
65 by W Ifl5; $10.
Same to Henry G. Meyer lot on W line of
I Fourteenth avenue. 55 S of Point Lobos are
;.nue. E 25 by W 105; $10.
Laura Goodman to Justina Bauer lot on W
line of First avenue. 175 S of P»int Lobos
avenue, S M by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Mattie E. Perlet I
; lot on S line of H street 57:6 W of Forty- i
| sixth avenue. W 50 by S 100; $10.
Fame to 1-ouisa A. Craig, lot on B line of i
I Nineteenth avenue, 175 N of X street N 25
by B 120; $10. ' **
Mattie E. Perlet to Solomon Get*, lot on E
| line of Forty-ninth avenue 112 05 N of P
street. N 25.17. E 131.01. S 2.-.. U. W 28.T5; $10
Rosa Puccini to M'illiam. Mabel F. and The- |
resa G. Puccini, undivided one-quarter of lot
on SE line of Mission street 300 NE of Vir
ginia. NE 30 by SE 183 :6, Preoita Valley block
368: also lot on E line ot Stockton strpet. 62 -6 |
S of Lombard, S 25 by S 50 to Wells court,
and all interest in Wells court; gift.
"William and Caroline T. Nicol to William
Nlcol Company, lots 1 and 2, block 5. D«
| Boom Tract; also lots 5» and «©. block C. I
Park Lane^ also lot on SW line of Greece t
street. 80 NW of Knights place. SE 40 by SW i
120. lot 13. Mission Street Railroad Homestead |
and portion block 11. West End map No 1;
also lots 3 and 4, block 151. and lot 4. block
154, University Extension Homestead: also lot
on NB line ot Princeton street. 125 8E of
ManrrM, EE 25:7, NE to Thjlversity street NW !
6, SW 240, block 124, University Mound; also
lot in Odd Fellows' Cemetery; $10.
Quon Jee to William C. Pond, lot on O line :
of Banks street. 200 S of Powhattan, S 50 by ;
E 70, lots 574. and 576. Gift map No. 1- i
$10.
San Francisco and Fresno Lund Company to j
Alexander E. Graham, lot on S corner of ■
Eleventh avenue and Q street. SSS 50 by SW i
100, block 226, O'Neil & Haley Tract; $10.
Alexander E. and Florence D. Graham to j
Produce Chemical Company, lot on S corner
of Eleventh avenue and Q street. SE 50 by SW ;
100. block 226. O'Neil * Haley Tract; $10.
Anna and Behrend Joost to Morris Evan*.
lot on NE corner of Cnrtl&nd avenue and !
Andover street, E 48:1H, N 81:3. W 4.8 g I
78:6*4, lots 208 to 210. Gift map No. I; !
$10.
.rean and Marie Esclosea to Andrea, G. ,
Ghiotto lot on NE line of Harrington street !
100 NW of Mission, NW 25 by NB 100. i
Academy Tract; $10. *■
Isaac Cohen to Isaac Penny, lot 142, Gift I
map No. 3; $10.
Columbian Banking Company to James D.
and Julia Courtney, lot on S corner of Preclta 1
avenue and California avenue. SE 2H s j(v> |
W 25, N 115, XE 13; also lot on SB line of
Preclta avenue, 143:8 NE of Mission (as wid
ened), NE 26:8. 3 115, W 23, N 105:64
P. V. 108 and 10P; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Pritchard & •, Wehland fown»rs> ' with W . ,T.
Hanna . (contractor). : architect — Plumbing
aod gasHttlnp for a two-story frame building
on SW; corner of Sanchez and Jersey <> streets ■
S : 5.S by>Jv- 43 : $1025. J «r— ts.
Charles . W. Haseltine - (owner) •- with McCul
lough ■ Contracting '■ Company (contractors) ar
chitect, James rA. McCullough — All work for a
two-story frame building on N line of Twenty
sixth '. street. 120 = W of San • Jose avenue w
30:3. N 112, E 30, 5.52.-B 3 inches S 30
$5385. •■ > ■ . . : . .■ *v ' '
■ Elliabeth A. ; Horn (owner) with W N j*««
(contractor). r — • architect— All ' work - for al
terations and - additions - to : make > a story
frame building with brick foundation Into four
fiats :oni SW corner of » Florida ' and i Mariposa
streeta. ■ subdivision 4■ of .block 17; fSIC™ P
LATE SHIPPING IXTEUJGEXCiI.
ARRIVED.
Monday. February c.
Stmr Breakwater, Johnson. :« hours from
Coos Bay.
OUTSIDE BOUND IX — 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schr John H. 
DOMESTIC PORT.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Feb «— U 6
stmr Ohio, hente T"b 4.
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA— Passed In Feb «- Br stmr
Brinkburn. hence Feb 3, tor Vladivostok via,
Comoi; stmr Senator, hence Feb 4 for Se
attle.
TO SORT MAILS
ON THE LINERS
New Postal Agreement Being
Drawn Up by Uncle Sam
With France and England
INCLUDES PARCEL POST
Americans Visit Europe for
the Purpose of Bringing
About the Desired Kesult
PARIS, Feb. B.— W. S. Bhallenberger,
Second Assistant Postmaster General of
the Postoffice Department of the United
States, has completed an arrangement
with the PostofHce Department here
and in London, which is expected to
bring about a number of important
changes in handling trans-Atlantio
mails. Shallenberger said to-day:
The decisions are t«ntatlve, but ax* snfS
ciently advanced ta Indicate that th«« Is na
doubt of their •atlifaciorr conclusion. T_ ar
rangement Includes:
First, sorting the mails oa board steam
ships so as to be ready for distribution *h«*
they arrive at New York; second, readjustment
' of the transcontinental railroad charges for
carry British malls acroaa the United Stsvtas
to and from Australia.; third, parcel posts be
tween the United States aud England and th«
United States and France.
The trip of Shallenberger-and Maatea
followed a conference with First As
sistant Postmaster General Wynne at
which it was decided to make an effort
to settle these long pending questions.
The Americana say they found the of
ficials In London and Paris ready to co
operate so that little remains to be set
tled except the details and the ratifica
tion by the authorities at Washington.
The sorting of the malls will be In
augurated by the White Star Line oa
April 5 on their steamships sailing both
■ways, and later. It is expected, will be
extended to other lines so aa to cover
all the heavy trans- Atlantic mails. Tha
system to .be adopted on board th»
steamships is the same as is in use on
American railroad cars.
The parcel posts arrangements con
template the conveyance of package*
up to four and a half pounds at the
rate of 12 cents a pound under similar
conditions to . the present German-
American parcels post. Heretofore the
service has been carried on through tho
express companies and will continue so
with packages over four and a half
pounds. .
Shallenberger considers the English
arrangement settled and says tho
French arrangement only awaits th 9
adjustment of details which are not
considered serious. The advantages se
cured are such that probably some
modification will be made in the
charges for carylng foreign mails on
the American railroads. Shallenberger
and Masten, who are highly gratified
with the results of their trip, left Paris
to-day on their return to Washington.
BAN ON EVIL PICTURES.
America Will Ask France to Prevent
Mailing of Them.
PARIS, Feb. 6.— Following the
complaint of Anthony Comstock of
New York concerning demoralizing
French pictures being received in
America through the French malls,
the State Department at "Washington
is seeking the co-operation, of th*
French Government to prevent tha
mailing of objectfbnable photographs
or pictures.
YOUNG NEGRESS OPERATES
AS BURGLAR IN CHICAGO
Hires Out as Laundress to Study
Houses She Intends
To Rob.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. — In the arrest of
I "Birdie" Brookes, alias Spears, a 19
' year-old negro girl, the police believe
they have solved most qt the myste
rious burglaries that have taken plae»
in Hyde Park and YVoodJawn resi
dences this winter. The rrtethod used
by the "woman burglar" wax to hir«
out as a laundress for a few days un
til she learned the arrangement of the
house. The night after her departure
the house would be rifled of Jewelry.
In the room where the girl was
found was a quantity of stolen prop
erty. With her occasional assistance.
for she claims she "can't remember
all the houses she robbed," the po
lice have identified 1 a number of «to
len articles.
Th e biggest robbery with which the
police believe the girl was connected
is that of the residence of Professor
Frederick Locard of the Hyde Park
High School. Wearing apparel, jewelry,
old coins and silverware valued at
$1600 were taken from this house on
the night of January 7.
WOXTLD HAVE BOXING
TAUGHT IN SOHOOIiS
New York State Senator to Introdnc*
Bill Adding to the
Curriculum.
NEW YORK. Feb. «.— State Sena*
tor Luke A. Keenan. representing
President Roosevelt's home district at
Albany, has caught the boxing fever.
It Is understood that he contracted
the malady when he read the press
reports about what President Roose
velt and his boys had done recently to
Professor "Mike" Donovan.
Senator Keenan believes that box-
Ing should be added to the public
school curriculum in New York. H«
has drawn up a bill to put his notion
into effect and has arranged to meet
leading educators for the purpose of
obtaining their views on Jabs and up
percuts.
Keenan believes that the cost of
teaching boxing lessons in the public
schools will not be excessive. He al
lows two fistic swatters for each 1000
young hopefuls.
SCHOOL TEAMS TO DEBATE
FOR THE STANFORD Cl P .
Students tYom San Francisco and San
Jose to Meet Soon on the
Rostrum.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 8.
The annual debate for the possession
of the Stanford cup will take place
at Stanford on February 25 between
the Commercial Evening School of
San Francisco and the San Jose High
School. The commercial school is at
present in possession of the cup, hav
ing won it from Alameda last year,
and San Jose, by winning the pre
liminary debates, will try to take the
cup away. The question to be debated
is: "Resolved. That the expenses of
government should be maL, by a. tax
on land." The commercial school will
take the affirmative of the question
and is represented by L. T. Diebela.
A. Becker and W. E. Trefts. The de
baters for San Jose are E. Shelton, F.
Hill and A. Cunfca.
Ml LLANY ESTATK. Michael F. Fa«an
yesterday •[ applied for ' letters of adminUtra
tion on the 'state of hla deceased sister. Ellen
M..llany. -who . died February l. leavina; per
sonal r>r>->p<-rty v3lu<h! «at 52J!Of> / and SMlOflO
worth of realty. No will has been * found
ati'l : rhe , heirs .at law are the p«Ution«r aivl
his - sister, ; Sarah Darling, who Hv- tn O_-
Uad.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
' street Stocks active and irregnlar. Cotton still higher.
r,u£d activity on the local bond and stock exchanges.
mget in Siiz.r and Exchange fexv and narrow.
If and Barky futures lower. Cash Grain unchanged.
firm, Rye steady and Corn arriving freely.
Hay quiet j*nd weak, -u^ith large receipts. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Putter m larger receipt and lo7ver. Eggs steady and Cheese easy.
Potatoes still plentiful. Onions in demand and higher.
Poultry in active demand and firm, but Game lower.
Oranges firmer , o-uAn^ to sunny weather. Apples generally weak.
Dried Fruits and Raisins show some variations.
Veal hotter. Beef, Mutton and Pork unclujnged.
Expected advance in Hams, Bacon and Lard fails to occur.
COFFEE MARKET.
Its Present Status and the Outlook for
mm.
The K«w Tork circular of Henry Nordllneer
4 Co. ears of ceSee:
"In t»- cocTse of last month a healthy re
action act In. caased in the flrrt Instance by a
tocnewhaj. protracted increa*e In the receipts
at Rio and Bantoc. in the second instance by !
'«*r of ansarlai disturbances on account of •
the BSBU upbeavai n Ruwia. and In the third :
Insttnc* t^ the renewed efforts of European
JniporterH to establish a lower buying basis.
r "At the lower lev*l of price the same par- ,
' •*■ who for some tirce part have been accu
rv.ulatlng the actual stuff as »-«ll as cnntr&cU
on the exchange took the bulk of the offer
ings. Tbelr confidence has not been shaken
in the least, as the conditions which form the
basis ot thetr operations are not expected to
fully cwrtlop cntil later in the crop year.
"":.-•* conditions are the sm&ilness of the MS
ent crop aad tht, expected smallness of the
next. :- :
"Trade demand has aguin been disappoint
ingly ligbt. Complaints have reached us from
the Southern States that business is suffer
ing er* on account of the great decline in
cotton. We consider- this depression in trade
circle* in the Southern States as only a t<?m
porary _ affair, as the great bulk of the cotton
crop I i-» marketed at prices which Tnust have
beta very remunerative to the planters. From
the Wertera and Xorthweetern States the re
ports which reach us show that there Is a
.reluctance on the part of dealers to stock up
on aecoust of the experience encountered a
jew ago, m-fcen a sudden collapee in price took
place after they had made considerable pur
chases. We consider this fear entirely ground
less.
TFB PRESETN'T AND FUTTTRE
"Tie prest-at position of the market differ*
from thax of a y«ar ago with re«;ar.j to sev
eral important features. Then we had a large
outside element, speculators of the wildest
kind buying hundreds oi thousands of bags of
ccticf. Tiii* el-Mnent Is not in the market this
year. We alse had at that time enprecedent
*c"!y Urge receipts of mild coffeee, wh; this
year the receipts of thes* kinds are running
even «na!!er than in normal years. On the
oth«r hand, it cannot be denied that the con
tention of the bull* that the current Kio and
Santos crop will be in the neighborhood of
H,r>OO.oqo bags is not borne out by the current
receipts at Rio and Santos, which still run
heavier than such a crop would warrant.
There are, of course, explanations given, and
7 lausible ones, why the receipti> do run so
heavy; for instance, it is stated that larse
rurchase* have been made by the United
t-tates for January-February shipment from
1-crazil. and Brazilian shippers, belnjr unabie to
obtain tht goods from the commisarios who
hold the bulk cf the stock at Ilio and Santos.
rail to go inland to the planter* in order to
fi;i their contracts. This rncrra.«ed th" receipts
a: the ports of Rio an.d Santo? beyond t^K
quantity that it would ordinarily have b*^n.
but, what has 'come forward from the; 'ianta
tions has FimpU'^- reduced the holding* of
1 I&nters that much, and the r^cHpts during 1
the coming; months should show up -mallfr
• than at any time before during the same
period.
"Tlie -stocks of Hnacil coffee .on January 1 i
in xiv principal European ports' were: . I^o2,
4.17Q.«20 bags; l»03, 6.^12.428 bags;' 'UW4,
«.r.»Vl.«;i>. hairs: ISOS. 4.NiO,4«iS bags; so that, i
while Europe is carrying . GOO.fJOO bags more '
than In l»O2. it has about 1.750,000 bags less
than a ypar ago.
••In accordance with the bo»=t information
obtainable there are to come forward of San- ■
tos coffee durinr the ntxi five months not I
nore than «ao.flOO bags, a drop in th* bucket
as compared with the consumption of the world
coring the same time. .' y
"The next Santne crop in accordance with
present indications will N> fully one million
basja less than the current one. It do*>» not !
apr>»ar feasible to us therefore that Eurcpe
»ill bucc*«l in rehabilitating h«»r stocks, even
If she waits for the movement of the next |
crop, frr trhen that time comes she will no
orubt encounter the competition .' American
buyers, juat as rbe did last summer.
Tlie Cottom Market.
v ;ree from K«w York yesterday
'•The general sentiment has changed ma
terially in" the last few days. People who
v.(-re v»-ry -arif-h at 6.63 for May cotton are
bull* to-dsy r,t 7.40. The third and last in
stallment cf the ginners' report Is expected
to tx> Issued in a day or so and the general
opinion "If that it will not be so much of a
boaris-h <-haracter as hes been anticipated.
The market in the late trading was v<-ry
nrm. t
"Very light receipts and wid»«pTead storms
«ith snow and elect. extending far into the
Fouth h»v» helped to counteract the disap
rointirws 1 cable* and encourage the bull elem*»nt
to continue acgresslve in its support of the
eritton mcrket and to work for still higher
price*."
EASTERN' MARKETS.
Xew York Money Market.
NKW Y<->I-:K Feb. «.— Close:" Monejr nn call
— Steady. l*i*?2 per cent; closing bid, 1%; cf
fere-4. 2 per cent.
Tiaae loans — Easy; sixty dayr. 2*4 per iv»nt;
ninety ■lcye, 3 per cent; six months, 3U@3%
p*r cent.
Prime merrantiis paper — 3%04*4 P«" cent.
Sterling exchange— : with actual busi
cees In bankers* t4Us at $4*.850(5@4.5510 for de
mand and at t4.8580A4.8885 for sixty day bliis.
Poeted rates— »4 66% and 94 89.
Commercial bills— (4 55%. - .
Bar silver — 61% c.
Mexican dollars —
Govemraert bonds, strong; railroad bonds.
New York Stock Market.
NFTW TORK. F*b. «. — The speculative ap
rotite »-day felt the lack of the highly sea
soned deal rumors with which It Teas braced
last t^t Somewhat . languid attention was
paid In consequence to railroad stocks, which
were concerned in most of la*t week's rumors.
There wa« a divewlon of Interest to the - list
cf specialties an 4 In that department there
v."T* »ome striking movements. Stocks of that
clas*. however, hove less Influence upon gen
eral fcentln«?nt than the standard railroad
stocks The sympathetic effect to-day was
confined to c j>ower of . resistance developed
against the »nr!y depression, .which pretty
well restored the level of prices, but did not
carry it above- - iturday's closing level. The
rf'.Uis: was in part a continuation of the Sat
urday mow»€at. which evidently t*as due to
!sUgiviri£S over the progress of the agitation
for control of railroad rates and to the poor
bank statement. -£$$SgSQ*EOTeP^BWHMm(
The «arly decline was Insignificant outside
of Borne of the etocka which had bwn unduly
cumulated iaat week. A number of the minor
Vanderbllts were In this category and showed
the effect cf the Gailttr* of confirmation of
6->i~e of the extravagant combination stories
which circulated last week. To-day's substi
tute for the custfiioary deal story was a re
vival of old reports of a combination under one
control of the N- ■* York city traction com
panies. A »rmrt of 12 TXrtnta to a new high
record by Interborough - Rapid Transit ' on the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Great Opportunity
Goldfield
Lucky Btax Mining Co. owni
«ix claims in Goldfield dis-
trict, viz.: Golden Star,
Wedg-e, Eagle. Moon, Comet
and Sun. Now is the time to
- ■ before the price is
advanced. Stock ia now sell-
Ie Call or write
F DE FREITAS. Acent, 413
Kearny Street.
curb gave color to the rumors, although the
movement was effected on light trading in the
stock. ■ The Metropolitan prop;-rties and Man
h*tUir. made a ready response, however, on
the Stock Exchange to this outside movement,
nctwithstanding the lack of official sanction
of any of the report*. The only oih-^r ad
vances of any ereat amount were in stocks
so little conspicuous as to have little Influence
on general sentiment. Most of the list was
slußK'-sh and uncertain in tone, but reflected
no general pressure to sell. Attention was
kept awake to the subject of Federal rate
control by various mt-asures of agitation
ogo.'.ntt the proposition on the ' part of th*
railroads "themselves, the movement in one
case takine the form of a circular addressed
to stockholders. The money market was unaf
fected by the bank staterrn-nt and some expres
sion was found fcr hope that the present export
movement of gold had spent its force. But
the rr.arket for exchange continued .firm IM
heavy additional engagements were announced
before the day had expired. It Is the general
expectation also that the Southern Pacific bond
transaction remains to be reflected In the loan
item ot the banks and Chicago made some
heavy drafts on New li*ork last week in con
nection with the street railway purchase,
which also figured to only a small extent in
last -week's banking averages. Speculative
sentiment was therefore Inclined to discount
to souie extent another unfavorable bank,
statement for this week. Railroad officials
report-ed soafte embarrassment to traffic on ac
count of the exceeding"ly cold weather and
th-- grain rate war is resulting in diverting
large grain traffic from Chicago to the itulf
ports, but at not very profitable rates. Gross
earnings of railroads for the fourth week of
January made a generally favorable showing.
Th«- heavy tnne in the railroad irtmnit
was unrelieved and the closing was fa*=y.
Bonds were firm; total sales, par value, $5,
325.C00.
I'nit.d States new 4s advanced '4 P«r cent
on call.
Xew York Stcxk Market.
X. . >". Hutton A Co.. 4fti> Califi>rnia street,
•"rancisco. members ot the New York
Stock Exchange, fu.nish :h- fi.ii.jwing official
quotations of that Kxchange:
i Sales., STOCKS. i,Hlgh|Low.i Bid.l Ask.
lb,jlX>'Amalg Copper .. 74 14 1 "31*1 T;. . 73T»
700; Am Car A: Fj Co| 34 ',4 1 32 |33 | 33%
4m>j Do P!d 1 03 i ir-vii t>-Vsl »3ii
lWjAni Cotton Oil.. I 34*fci 34->,| 33Va| ■■■>
i | Do pfd j ! I '.'- I»7
j |Am Dist Te1..... 1 j \ Ml i a«
, ,A:n Expr<?s« .... | j '23u \240
|Am Gr Tivine Coj j j luHl 11
IW| lin Hide & L..., N , 10 | 1" j U>'
6i>»; Do pM I 47T4| 47%| 47?4| 47':«,
2 2uO,Amertcan Ice .. tj^j, «'. ti^| «»s
3.100| Do pid 1 4O,*| 3^V*l 3«?4I 40
Am Linseed. I 1..---I 1« I 18
! I Do pfJ I-.-..1 I 37 I IS
1, Am Locomotive.) 3»V^| iitJVil SWHI 3ti^
2w\ Do pfd ....... iii ■» lit- |ii» in
]Am Jialt ( j j 7 I 7*4 :
2O^| lXi pfd i aSKI 20^ii 25^:1 M
S/oW^Xm Bm &Rf Co| BC*»| bs^;| hs'i| 85% :
j 2.3o<>j Do pfd ... il'.i instill!* n:* ;
l«t.lWo.Am Sugar 144 142^1143^1143^
j j Vo i.i<i ....:.. : ....Jl3B !130
j Am Tel & T C0.j... U4' 14«i4
' Amer Tobacco 4sj. ..I 74%) 7i>4
| ".".....( Do <is 1..... T."." .- li»; 11.
16.ttOO',Am Tob p!"d ■»*■*, 'M l i\ 96^1 '7
4.BliojAm Woolen | 25% 24*41 24V41 24»i
6OO| Do pici I Oa=J4 l tt)»4l l»9^|10«
3OO| Anaconda JlO7 |107 |107 jICMJ
lOOjAnn Arbor ......| 35 -I :» 34&1 3<i
»J»/j Do ptd 1 WJ ( »36 j <J5 I tin
S,SUO:AT & S F......| 88 | S7ii| 87UI S7^
l.fcoof Do pfd iious^iitc 'loi^jioa
. ».8«»!Balt & Ohio . . 1043«il04ttiltab WA
2,OW| Do pfd 07>,| 97%! »7 97»4
33.2tH>jB R T C3V4I 61% ' J-s 02"^
(Brock L'n Gas 207 214
Bruns D & 1.. . ll»i 11%
• IButterlck Co ; 60 C{
SOo,Canada Sauthern «9*4 €»% 69 6»»4
• anadian l-"acif; 134% 1.13% 133«4 133
5.200; C & O i 50Vt» 49% 43* i 50
C& a 42 43
Do pfd 80 82« i
|C 4k E I pfd 130 142
iC I & L pfd r 70 I S3
16,100 C fk g W.. 23«S 22J& 22;}, 23
Do pfd A. . . OOH «"
500 Do pfd B .-!•! .tr>% .v," 4 MV,
300 i Do* debs 86%) 56W, 85«4 87^
3.200' C & N W {240 237 237' 23S
15.700JC M&St P 17'::- 4 175^ 11755 il 175 Si 175;;
Do pfd , ......:... 183 190
6,200 C R I & P (new) .-ON 34% 34% 34"4
... j Do pfd 81V4 81 81 BS
1 COO' Chicago Term .. l« 16 15% 16
a.'oooi Do pfd :.. 30 2s>j 2s >a 2a%
35.«-Oo:Chicago fn Tra< 13 TJ'. 12% 1.1
1.100 Do pfd 51 50'ij 51 ' 52
000 •: CC&StL... 93 «7%! OS 9'J
... Do pfd LM IM
Cleve L.«- & W 80 i>s
j ....-.-.. Do pfd 106 115
5.000 Colo Fuel & Iron 47' 2 46>i 47 47»i
.lOolum H C ft I \ 16V4 ll\l
4,oooJColorado So • 2«*». 25% 26ft '2Q&
900 Do lot pfd ... «4% C 4 64 64%
500' Do 2d pfd .... 3SU, 3S 35% 38%
lO.OnOiConEOI Gas ..... 2n«"v 204.' 205^206
l«,9oC!Corn Products .. 22 20»4 21% 21%
2.400| Do pfd 78VJ 77K 78 7HU,
7.C00 Del & Hudson... 195 192H 1112% 193
iD L & W ". : 343 :54S
lOCjD * r G 32^4 31
7CO Do pfd H 87 874 87%
Detroit Un Ry ..|..... 77:. 77,
2,9oolDetroit So ... 71; 7 6% 7:.
200 Do pfd 34 33 34 35 '
:. liiemond Match l.';:, 140
1,900 Distil Secur .... 30% 36 30 .16%
'■ Do bonds ... 79 W SO
l.COOlDuluth SS ft A.. 15Vi 15 14% IR«4
1,000 Do pfd ...... :32 31»A 31 33'
24,200'Erte ...7. 44 W, 43% (T, tS%
1.0001 Do lst pfd . . . 80% 80 SO 80^
1,3001 Do 2d pfd .... eS^i, C 5 :«5 65%
B&TH " OS I 72
Do pfd : 87 90
Gen Chemical ... 55 j 60
; Do pfd • ICI'4 102*4
1,800 Electric .. 187% ISB 155% 185%
"-. .Great No pfd ........ .....250 253
l,7oo!Green Cons Cop.. 2C% 2r,i, 26*4 2<J%
■ Havana Tob Co . ; ....' ..... :6% 7V,
Hocking Val '. . 91 M 89 91
lOO! *Do pfd ....... 02 91% »1% 91%
2,9oollllinois Central . 166 155 155 155%
6.100 Inter Paper ..„ 22% 21 22 22%
1.100 Do pfd ...... 70% 76% 70% 77%
1,000 Inter Power ... 73% 72% 72% 73 "
1 Inter Pump .... i .18% 39
1 ... j Do pfd 86 88
200 lowa Central .. 31 14 31 10U 31W
800 Do pfd 57% 57% X i 53
I Kanawha & Mch ..... .".... SBU '374
200-KC FtS & M pfdt 52% 82% $2% 82%
4,900 Kans City So .. 31% .10 "j 31 31 Vi
25.60 C Do pfd ...... CB% 60 67% <i 7%
....... Keokuk & D M. .;... ..... 14% 17
Laclede Gas pfd ....*....;. 05 ■ 105 :
• Lake E & West. ..... ..... 37% 39
....... ; Do pfd j ..... j ..... [M 102'
ILong Island ..; ; ..v.. ..... j 62 I 65
4,»ooLoui- & Nash:.. 137% 137 137 i:iß
-- (Mackays ..... 39% 40J4
. ..... Do pfd ../. 74% 75
9.500 Manhattan . .... 171% 109% 170% 171%
. ... Manhat Btach... 11' 14
-Marine ........ ;.. 13% 14
Do pfd ........... j ....\VAVt 36
52,500 Met Securities... R44J 79% 53% 84'
BS.WK)!Met 5tRy...... 123^117% 122 122U
3,000 ! Mexicar Central. 22S 22- 22 ' "'•"A
l.lOOMinn *St L.... 61 ;60 159 62
...;... ! Do Ist pfd.... ' ....:..... I 88 9S
700 M. St Pft S S MllOO '99 99% 99%
100 Do pfd..:..... 159% 159% 160 160*
1,500 Mo. Kan ft Tex. 31% 31% 31% 31
: Coo| D 5 pfd .... 66% 65% 65% i 66
22.400 Ml?souri i Pacific. 108% 107% UO7'>4 i 107%
... Kash, Cft St L.i ..... „... 140 145 .
, B,Boo National Lead... 132 31 .{O% 31
.;...:.} Do pfd....:... .;>;. 1 ....*. 101 -. 102%
200'Ntl R R Mcx pfd 42% 42 42% 43
8.500 National Biscuit. 1 68 55 5r I 55»i
600 - Do pfd..;..... 117% 117% 116% 117
- 200 New Jersey Cen: 202-200 200 202. '
IN T Air Brake .;... ... ;. 150 = " 157U
5.900 New Tork Cen.. 148% 147 147 (1471?
SOON T, C & St L. 46 44 44 46
Do' lst pfd.... ...: 112 117%
........ Do 2d pfd.:... ..... ..... 78 • 80
New Tork Dock. ..... ..... 23% 25%
........ N T,;N H & H. ..... ..... 2CB 1210
7.700 N T. Ont & W. 44% 43% 43% 44 b
l.POO'Xorfolk ft W*»t. 81% 80% Sl« 81%
.......< Do pfd........ .;... ..... 92 «6
700 North Amerlcaa. 103% 102 102 103
....... Northern Sec...*. 152 148% 149 140U
....... O6 L 45......'. ..r.. ..... 104 J04%
200 Pacific Coa*t...-. 95% 96 95% 96 .
......: Do Ist pfd...; 10S , 109 : •.
200 Do 2d pfd...V. »4»-, 93 ; 94% 85
1 200 Padflc li&U . . . .) 43% 43% i 4£%j 44
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY t 1905.
....... |Perm R R C 0 . .. 140 139 139%|130% ■
6,800 People's Gas.... 108% 108% 108%!108H
200 Pere Marquette. . . ... . j ..... ..... I .....
400 Do pfd .... 87% I 86% 86 87 ■
500 P, C. C& St I*. 80^1 80 79% 80%
....... Do pfd ....... j ..... .'...'. 102 112
200 Pressed Steel Car 36 36 35% 38
200 Do pfd......:. 90 90. 89% 90
jFullman Car Co ..... ...... 240 247'
200 Ry Steel Springs 33% 33% 33. 33»i
J Do pfd........ ..:....... 93 94 •
110,200; Reading ........ 94% 93U 93% 93%
(JOOj Do Ist pfd.... 93% 83% 93% 93%
....... : Do 2d pfd..... 90 91}j
SOO'Republic S & 1.. 16 16 15% 16 ■>■■
200| Do pfd....Vly. 69 69 '68% 69
500! Rubber Goods... 25 % 25% 25% 2<5
....... i Do pfd....;... .......... 94 97
300!Slos- SSAI Co 62 61% 61% l 62
Do pfd........ :......... 101 104
St J A G 1 1 17 19
....... Dj Ist pfd.. 57% 50
"....... I Do 2d pfd..... ..... ....: 27% 20
100 StL &SF Ist pfd 79% 79% 79 SO :
»OO Do 2d pfd ... 72% '72% 72% 72%
400 St L A S W ... 26% 26 25% 26
1,800 Do Pfd \6iy. 61% 61 61%
64,»00 Southern Pac .. -67»& 66% 66% 6C%
, 3,200 Do pfd ....... 118\ 118>» 118% US%
5.000 Southern Ry ... 34% 33% 34 34%
500 Do n/d ...... 97% 97 97 97%
... Standard Oil .".. ..... ..... 650 655
400 Standard R A T 1% 1% 1 1%
14,300iTenn Coal A I. 74% 72V4 73% 73%
SCO Texas PLT Co 39% ! 3S%' 39 40
6.ooo|Texas Pacific ... 36% 35% 35% 36
6,loo|Third Avenue . . 132% 128 132 133 -
200 Toledo R& T Co 23 23 ' 22« 23
Toledo St L& W ... . . ." ' 36\i 38
100 Do pfd .'. 54. 54 I .52% 54
400 Twin City R T. 106 100 j105%|108
100 Union B & P pfd 73 73 72 74
82,300! Union Pacific .J122 121 121 121%
SOO Do pfd ...... j -97% 97% 95 1 »j5%
|United Copper '....;.. 7 8 .
600 United R of S F! 29% 29% 29% 30
i Do pfd .. 79 7514 7S;i 78%
1,400 U S Cast Iron pi 25% 25% 25% 25%
1.700 Do pfd ....... 80% 86% S6U 80%
D S ■ Express. ... ..... .....130 135
1,400 U S Leather 114 13% 13% 13%
2,600 Do pfd ...... 104% ia",% 104 V& 104' i
60WU S Rubber pfd!lOO% 100% 100% 100%
r.f.4CO U B 'Steel -Cor.. 31 30% 30% 30%
50,700 Do pfd ....... j96 951.'. U.-.i" 95%
300Va-Car Chem Co 1 35 34H H 34%
■... : Do ofd ...V ;.  10T14 ICS
1.500 Wabash ....... I 23% 22% 23 23%
2.300 Do pfd ...... j 45% 45 45 45%
' Do deb Bs ..". ..... | ..... 69% 70 "
I Wells Fargo Ex : . 240 250
300 Western Union.. 93 92% 52% 0'!
I 400 Westlnghouse ..180 180 176 ISO
I Do Ist. pfd ... ..... ..... 188 190
■ 100 W& L X ...... 19 19 19 19%
100 Do l*t pfd ... 47 47 47 4S .
500 Do 2d pfd ... 27% 27 27 27%
300 Wisconsin Cen.. 23% 23 22 22%
S 800| Do pfd ...;.. 50% '50U 50 I 50Vi
000 — Total shares Bold. - .. '
Xow York Bonds. .[ ;
' U S ref 2s reg-.lo4%|japan 6s. cert.... 9R%
Do coupon 104%1L & N unified 4s. 102%
Do 3s reg 103^i Man con gold is.lOt!%
Do coupon 108% Mcx Central _45., . 74
Do new 4s reg. l3l 1 Do Ist mc U.i
Do coupon 131 Minn &St L 45.. 97%
Do old 4s reg..lOs%|M. X & Texas 45.100"i
Do coupon.; 105% Do 2ds s"i
Amer Tob 45..... 74%:NR of Mcx con 4s Sl'&
Do 6s lie^iN V C pen 3%5..100'
Atch gen 45....;.1C4».« N J C gen 55.... 13tii4
Do adj 4s >. ae^lNor Pacific 45.. 106
Atlantic C L 45. 102. Do 3s ...'...... 77
Bait' & Ohio 45. .105 Nor &- W con 45.104^
Do 3%s  fISVjIO S L refds 45... »7'i
Central of Ga 55.113% Pa cony 3%5. .. 104'»
Do Ist 1nc.... 90 Reading fren" . .102^
r> o 2d mc 6»%|e L& I M con .',;.. 1 1 7
Ches & Ohio 4%5.1C9 |S L& S F fg 4s. 92
Chi & Alton 3%5. 82H'St L S W con 4s. 52%
C. B & Q new 4*. ICOV4 Seaboard A L 4s. SBU
C, RI & Pac 4s. BSVfcfSo Pacific 45... fi(!-%
Do col 5s 96"» 4 ISo Railway r.(« lllfK
C.C.C & SLgn 45.103 ITex & Pac 15t5.,121
Chi T»rir. 45... 97 ITol. St L & W 4s. 85^
Colo Midland 45.. 74»; ' Union Pacific 45. 100
Colo & So 45.... 92 I Do cony 45... 121
Cuba ss. cert....lOfi*S r S Bteel 2d 55.. 9414
Den & Rio G 45.101U Wabash lsts .. . 11!>
Dist Securities 5s 7!>», Do deb 3 CJ)^
Erie prior lien 4s.lol*i j Western Md 4#... ■ 9»XL
Do gen 4s 92 \V & L Erie 45... oti»i
F.W & DC lsts.lll 'Wis Central* 45... 'M.,
Hock Va! 4%5...110«|
\p\v VoiU ining Stocks.
Adams Con *20!Litt!e Chief ..... 05
Alice 60|Ontario .'...3 75
Breece 18!0phir ..750
Bruns Con ....... Phoenix .■..:.-...::■■. 11
Com Tunnel OOjPotosi 22
Con Cal & Va... 2 10|Savage M
Horn Silver .... 1 55;!5ierra Nevada... 53
Iron Sliver 2 00' Small. Hopes :... "5
Ij^advllle C0n....- 02'Stnnlaril ' ... .".".:. l 50
Boston Stocks jand Bonds.
Money — ■ • >U S Steel :...... : . — i
Call loans 263" J Do pfd ......... 9r|ti
Time loans .... .3«J4% 1 Westing Common. SS '
Bonds ! Mining—
Atchlson is 102 Vil Adventure ........ t;i..
Do adj 4s 9t? " JAllouez i»ia
Mcx Central 45.. 7tj I A ma] Copper .... T'S
Railroads — JAmer Zinc .... 11-^
Atchlson R7 lAtlantlc ........ i.-.i-.
Do pfd 101%|Bingham ;..... 22%
Boston & Albany. 2sß iCalumet & Heola "
Boston & Maine. — Centennial ... 171,
Boston Elev ....ISO ICopper Range-.-. mtt
Mcx Central . . . : . 21 %[ Daly - West ....} 15
N Y. N H & H..2oS%|Domlnion C0a1.... 63
Pere Mar<juette...lOO%lFranklln ...... ...lou,
Union Pacific... 121 [Granby "*." - J
Miscellaneous — jl#le Rovale . '.'. *>.•>
Amer Arge Chem. 21V.!MaF«' Mining ■ """"I* Tou
Do pfd 88HiMi"h!jfan .....I.] IS 2
Amer Pneu Tube. B | Mohawk- .. 5° "
Amer P-.ipar . 141^ 'Mont Coal 4 Coke" vi
■- Do pfd .1.'.0V.101d Dominion .. -r, '
Amer Tel & T<"l.l44%|Osceola ........... S
Amer Woolen ... 25 ! Parrot •••■• "714
Do pfd Qulncy ..'...'.....-* 110
Dom Iron & 8... , Shannon ........ ' 7
Ed -Eloct 11ium. .251 Tamarack . " IXX
Gen El-ctric .IR6 Trinfty ..."..."" '{qt
Mass Electric ... 15 IT R Mlnine.. . "211!
Dr> pM mi.'i- p o;i " o-'
M»fs G8S 1 41«/,lT7t<»h .... '""" 411!
United Frtjit ....ICS IVlctoria . * "* : i T
Un Shoe Mach... 7«! (Wlnona ...-.""*"" 111?
Do pfd ....'.... XJK ! Wolverine .'.'.'.'. l!!l0fl •
J.ontJon Cln«lnjj stocks.
Cons money....Rß J>-16!n V Central..... 151 U
Do acct ....8S Ll-18)Nor AVestern... : 82«
Ar.aeon«ia ....... .- S?M Do pfd ;.v <C,
Atchlson ;... fio*i Jont & Western. . . 4r,iJ
Do t>M ........ lOlHlPtnnsylvanla .. :. 7l»;
Bait A. Ohio 107 1 Rand Minos .'.... lOTt
Can Pacific W- Reading . ......'.. 45?4
CbV s * 0hi0..... -mm r>n i*t pfd..::: 171^
Chi Gr*at West .. «4 ;I'Do ;2d pM.. t*d
Chi. Mil & St P.IMUIBO P.aihvay .... 3.'!u
Dp Boers ; 17^; - Do -ifd . 1 . .... 100
Df-n & Rio G.... ::^%!so Pacific ....... »8U
_J>o pfd ........ 79*ltTnlon Pacific . 124*
Erie ............. 44% Do j, M .....: ICO '
DoUst pfd...;. S2H v S 5tee1....... ' 3m
Do 2d nfd ---- 67 I Do pfd ........ 9S '
111 Central 150U Wabash ...... »U
Liul« & Na5h....140T4l Do-pfd ...... .'. ."• Xrr\
M. X * Texas... 32»<i;spanish 4s ..... .90^
Bar siher— Stcady : 28>/id per ounce. :
Money— 2@2% 'per. cent." ■ , - • -»- .- "; --".,-
The rate of discount in the open market
for ibort billets 2 7-irfi?V. per cent and 'n
threr months: bills 2 7-ie^2H per ent
Condition of the Treasury.
B NGTO> V T e f «— Tb-dn,-» statement
of the Treasury balaifces In the general fund
exclusive of.the 9150.000.000 gold S er™ ln UvJ
division of redemption.; shows: Available cash
balance. 51 43,100. HM- gold. $48,695.703 ,
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK Feb. 6. -Cotton futures opened
easy; March, 7.ir,r; May, 7.C6c: July, 7.35-
August. MBc; September. 7.42 c bid; 6ctober"
7.48 c. '
Kuture« closed firm; February 7.37 - Mar^h
7.4:5 c; Apgi, 7.44.-: May 7.49 c- June 7
Juiy, 7.59F? Augurt, 7.62 c. '
Spot closed quiet. 15 points higher; middling
uplands. 7.75 c; middling gulf. 8c; sak-s 215
Xew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Feb. ■ 6.— FLOUR— Reeelnts ;
.18.300 barrels: exports. > 46oo barr'ls "■'•■■•» Sales' ;
4200 barrels. » Market ' firm with slow trade.
\\ HEAT— Receipts, -; 200 bushels; exports. :
10.C00 bushels. «! Market . for spot, steady No
2 red. nominal ' elevator and $1 22H f "o b
afloat; Xo. 1 Northern Duluth. 5127% \i': c
b. aflcut; No.; 1 hard Manitoba, $1 11%'f ob
afloat. Options— OwinE,^ to ;> firm r Liverpool
cables, foreign .< buying v and i a scare ;• of July
shorts, wheat opened v stronger. It then' de
clined on realizing - sales and was, heavy all
the afternoon, closing %c :. to ■ »4c ■ net i lower
May. ;*l 1W&.1 : 1674. : closed ■ $1 16 8-1 - July
$1 05?;ai 00U. closed $1 05%; September'
97%fii)7 Tic. closed 97%e. .-; ■ P Dr>
HOPS — State common to choice 1904
crop. r 28®34c. ;;- .-■--:•.• •-.-_■.-. '•" *
HIDES-^Steady. :" -•> :"■" ■'■■/:<. -V • -.
: J WOOL— Quiet.
: PKTROLEI'M— v ',-■
i » ■ ' COFFtTE— Spot i. Rio, steady. '.: No. 7 • Invoice
B%c; miW, quiet; v Cordova,y 10@13c. " - The
market ; 'or coffoe , futures . closed --, steady iat ' a :
- net »' decline of 8 to ■ 10 ; points. ■ Sales » 84,000
bags,- Including: <; March, 7.10@7.150- May
7.4</c; " June, 7.50 c; July, , 7.60 c; September <
7.8.V;; : December, 8.05 c ;; January, * 8.05@8.10c "■ •-
SL'GAR — Raw.-.' firm; s reflned.-j steady. ■ ' ■
.:-*. . ..-.-■ DRIED ■/ FRUITS ■ :
EVAPORATED APPLES— The - market ia
without further change, being • moderately ac
tive. ■'•• Common ' are : quoted at 4@6c; --•prime.-'
6U@3%c; choice. -■■ 5%@6c, and fancy ', at ?iW
©»c. ; ---'■ ■■■ ■;•■ : -- -:.a;v., :".■ ■-.--.-■ --.■■■-."/
PRUNES — The . larger i sizes '1 are ■ said %lo be
In . limited : supply.;; and v" the : ton* •la * steady : to
firm at quotations ranging from :2c to 6%c for
California '.'■ fruits, -;■: while f Oregon f. prunes are
quoted up to 6%c for the largest sizes.' -• i.
: AFRICOTS — Are held at 10@10%c for choice-
V.'a\lc . for extra, - choice, and < HMt®lsc ; for
fancy.
PIiiACHES— ■. firm, ' with choice ■at 9 14 ■
10c; extra choice at 10%@10%c and fancy at
11%@12c • -- ■■ ■: <:• ■- >'■■■• -■'-'■-:-; , : i ■-"
- — Remain :' in , the > position recently
noted. Looee ; Muscatels, 2@4c; Crown. ? 4%@
5%c; London layers, $110@l 15. and seeded
ralstns at from s\jc to 6%c. ; : , V
Xew York Metal Market.
- NEW YORK, Feb. 6. — The London tin ' mar
ket ■. was , a little , higher,"; with ? spot • closing at
£130 10s and futures at £129 17» 6d. Locally,
however, •: the market .- showed \ an 1 easier ten
dency, trade remaining . quiet .at $29 40@29 70
for spot. -.■■■.'..' ;.-.- '■•..■,'■■ • ':-' ~"''.-"---/-:. '.*.-:;■
' Copi>er • also - was easier aoroad. ■» closing •at
'£67 : 76 6d for spot and£67 13s 9d for futures.
Locally the market is quiet ■ for the time be
ing, and while producers remain ; firm |in their
views, it is said that a few speculatlveiy held
lots I might' be ■ obtained ■' at ".; concessions - from
regular quotations. - Lake Is ■ held f ; at $15 50,
electrolytic at t $15 37%@15 5O and ; casting at
$15@?15 25.V •- ■■" r: -.-■■ : ' '■;:-•:.'■■-r-?v
. Lead was unchanged at $4 45®4 60 in the lo
cal market, but was lower abroad, where spot
la quoted at l £12 13s 9d.p- •, ; .;.
\ Spelter : was unchanged at £24 15« - In ; the
London market and at $6 15®6 25 In the New
York market. , -•.?-,■.>%«
• * Iron • was - 52s 3d in Glasgow and 47s 6d In
Middlesboro. Locally ■ Iron .'hows ; a firm ! tone,
with trade "* said -to -be .- somewhat ~ improved.
No. 1 foundry, - Northern, is quoted at ' $17 60©
$17 75; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $17 60; No. \ 1
foundry "Southern, and No. 1 foundry, • South
era, soft, at $17 75®?18. \-
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— The visible supply of
gTain February 4. as compiled-: by. the New
Tork Produce Exchange, is as follows: ■ - .
- Wheat . 35.419.000 busheia, ► decrease 408,000
1 bushels; corn 11.395,000 bushels., decrease 287,
. 000 • bushels; - oats : 15,444,0C0 : bushels, *. decrease
'244, 000. busliels; rye 1,927,000 busheia, increase
; 24.000 . bush.-is; * barley 5,714.000 ; bushels, A^>
i crease 156, 000 bushels. - ;. ; C^
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain nnd Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— Dißpelllng of fears' that
fall-sown wheat had been damaged brought
out liberal liquidation in the - : wheat ; pit ' to
day/ At the close May _ was off %@%c l and
July -%@%c. ■'" Corn and oats are practically
unchanged. Provisions ; are up 2%@7%c.
■■■ The weakness in th^ wheat market developed
late in the day. a fairly firm tone being man
ifested ' early. At the opening . May was . vn '
changed to .He higher at |91 17@1 17% - and
•July unchanged to %c higher at $l*o2'g'l 02%.;
An active demand lor July by short"* was the
feature ;of .trading during the first • hour. Pit
traders nevertheless showed an inclination to
sell May -owing to ; the fact ■ that : cables . were
only a : trifle higher in face of a 2c advance
here Saturday.. Weekly statistics were gen
erally construed as rather bearish, world'B
bhipment& being large and the amount on pas
sage being considerably increased. - A ' heavy
fall of snow ■ throughout the : Weet and | South
west practically, insuring the winter, wheat crop
from damage by. cold weather was a bearish
factor when . trading began, - but - ■ apparently
under estimated until later 'In * the day. All
the . influences . named had ■ a depressing effect
on the market. Later many traders ; who had
bought July . wheat last we»k ; turned sellers.
Prices gradually yielded to the pressure. Dur
ing, the last half hour the market 1 became quite
weak, May Belling off to *l K>%<S>l 16% and
'July ■ to- $1 01%.; The closing : was -almost at
the lowest point of the day, final quotations
on May being at $1 li V"' 10 1 July closed
at §1 C1%®1.01%.': ' "■ : - - /. v.
The corn . market was subjected ;to ' consid
erable bu;. ins by commission ■ houses, but
prices showed only a slight decline.'- The par
ticular reason for the steadiness of the market
was a decrease in the visible supply. •;- May
closed unchanged from yesterday at 45ii©4«»*ic.
Trading Jin cats was , largely of :a - scalping
rnturc. The market wai steady, "prices show
in>: very little fluctuation. \- May closed at
30%@30^c.  :-:. .;
Provisions ,were quiet and firm. Sentiment
wajs Influenced mainly by , decreased , receipts
of live hogrs. At the close ■ May pork ■■ was -up
77 T ji . lard wa? up 5c and ribs gained 2%c. ;
The leading futures ranged as follows: ..'
Articles — Open. High. ■ Lew., Close.
Wheat Xo. 2—2 — -
May ■;.-. 1 17% 1 i - s 1 16>i 1.17%
July .... .:. 1 0294 1 02»i 1 01% 1 01S
September ..... 95% 05»i 94's .. -.- U4%
Corn No. 2—2 — • ■ .v . *\ y
February . .... "..... 42? i
May 4.*)% 45 'j 45 > 45»«
July ...-.-..• 4C% 40VC»;;;;:45'Ji 45*4
Oats No. 2—2 — : -
February " .... .... SOU
May ;.. 30% W?i ' 30% 30%
July ... Mil. 30% '- 30% 30
September ...... 211^, 29% 29 29 ,
Mt-ss Pork per bbl — ..--... ' .
May.; .".12 92V, \2 95 ; 12 90 12 »5
Lard, per 100 lbt — ■
Febmary . " 6 77
May (i :»:. 8 M 8 '■!'> 6 95
July .. . 7 OT> 7 10: 705 710
Short Kibs. per 100 lbs —
February ...: . .... 070
".May 890 tl '.tj'i 0 90- ti 90
July ...... .7 05 7OS * 7 02% 7 05
. Casli Grain and Provisions."-.
CHICAGO, i Feb. C. — Cash, quotations were as
follows: F!our, easy;. No. 2 sprrßg wheat, 91 1 >
STI 10; Xo: .1 9ies*M'»i . N-0.-Trt-.1. -*1 I*V''
l-2t>!<<; No. 2 corn, 4'J%c: No. 2 •'yellow, 4:: c::
No. 2 oats, i3l%c;rNo. '1 white,-32%c; No. 3
white :{l©34c;*!Nor."- 2 rye. 75c: 'good feedinp
barley. -.TTgSSe:'- f«ir to choice ■maltlns. 12940 c;
No. 1 llaxseed.' 91 IC: No.'; ''l Northwestern.
?1 22;': primp, timothy seed, $2 85;; mess pork,
per ''Brrrl. * sr_> -,:•■ 1280; lard, per -100 pounds,
$« 756(5 77%; *=hort ribs sides (loose); $8 i;J'...j
1; 7."i: short : clear sides (boxed). $073©(i 87%:
whisky, basis of h.jrh wines, $1 23; clover, con
tract grade, $\- 0O. 1 . .. . - -
Articles — '"", Receipts. (Shipments.
Flour.' barrels... 27,300 -,?.*r- 7,000
Wheat, bushels 84,500 « 25.C00
Com. bu?he> 270,:!00 157.3C0
Oatt, bushels... lls.ooo 80,301>
Rye. bushelp. IS, 000, , 14,800
Barley, bu5hn15. .....:..'.. 55,700- 10,700
. Butter. Cheese ami Eggs.
CHICAGO. Feb. 6.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the market was firm. Creamer
ies, I'JfioOc: dairiQß, 20@2."ie. Eggs, strong ;at
mark. 25331 c. Cheese, steady. 1 12c.
ELGIN. 111., - Feb. 6.— BUTTER— Firm .at
31c. Sales for the woek . were 597,5r>0 pounds.
CATTLE. SHEEP A\l> HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Feb. CATTLE — Receipts.
<"'•'. , steady, -Goo to prlirif- steers. : 9.' OC@
25; poor to medium, $3 05W5 45; stock^rp and
feeders. $2 ::."''7l .13; cows. $1 '2.",*? 1 45;- heifers,
$2©'"i 15: canners. . *1 2SQS C 5; .. hull!". . *24i4;
calv< s. *387 25.- -•..;--- .
•HOGS-— Receipts:; To-day, .13,000; to-morrow.
22.000. Market sff 10c liißhpr. Mixed and
l'Utrhers, <t75§4{»5; good : to chclce heavy,
f4 '.M,'.,r, 05; ; rough .heavy. '•;. $4 75»4 f»0; light,
»4 70(j4 90;. bulk of (ales, $4 75'^iaO. ■ ".
f HEEP- Receipts, . MCfe  Bbeep «nd lambs.
weak : good ' tr. choice wethers, ; 9&2o#S4fi; fair
t.. 1 hoioe mixed. $4 lf>@s 15: ' \\>stern i sheep,'
*4 50?r*. i;r>: native lambs, $6 6007 80; Western
lambs, S.I 70-&775. /; /-• r?:
Itanso* ciiy.
KANSAS 1 •MTV. Ho.. Feb. «.— CATTLK—
Receipt*" 4000. ' Strong, to; 10c . higher.' Native
steers. . .*•: 7,"55 75; V »iatlve ; cows ' and > heifers,
91 73ig4 JS; t stockors feeders, $3@4 25;
bulls. $2 •>.-»<?»:; T8: calves. s:t(&t; 50; Western fed
steets. $3 50^5 50; ; Wtstern fed ' cows, $2@3 75.
- HOOS-^Rccelpts.: K)00. Market. sgiCc hisher.
Bulk' of Kalds. $455<&5 10; heavy. $5 0000 15;
packerii.' $4SC<?i3 10; ; plgs and light, $4 15^4 95.
SHEEP— 8000. : Strong and active.
Muttons, 94CU5&75; lambs, $0 50-^7 50; range
wethers. $S!&S CO; fed ewes," 54 75(85 25. ■ ""."■•;
Omnho.
OMAHA, Nebr.,'Feb: 6— CAT'iLE
ICOO. Market 10c. higher." Native steers, %ji 40
r?+ CO; ■ cows and ;. heitera." ; *2 75@4 10; ■■ canners, ■
SI r.<KH2 GO: >Btockers< and feeders, Is 2 -VM/A 25:
calv**, 92 SCC^S 50; bulls and stags, ;$1 BO®3 75.
HOGS Receipts, T - 3500.--: Active, 1 10c higher.
Heavy. $4 87Vi414 95; ' mixed. $4 SO@4 85; light.
14 7004 87% ;v; v pigs. 93 75@4 50; bulk of sales,
>4 BOG 4 00. ,• --■- : -'- -:,Z ■■:•■,"'■■ "-.■*:■. ;-.;■■;;. - . -. :;
SHEEP— Receipts. 5500. ;.- Market ' strong.
Western yearlings. $5 6000 30; wethers,-- Js@
6 66; ' ewes,"- S4 25<& 3 25 ; * lambs, 96 25@7 40.
MISCELLANEOUS 3IAKKETS.
v" Foreign Futures. •-
- -■.. : .'-.' i; LIVERPOOL. : r'"v-V'* :; v '■> -■'-■
Wheat — " ' ' March. - May. July.
Opening ... ." ..."1% - ;'A■. . *"-U
Closing jV.*.V: . s •"".". V?ATilwraa7i.> 7
" PARIS.
Wheat — ■ " F*b. May-
Opening i.....'. 23 41 24 10 '
Closing .......'.. ...:..... 23 35 2.! 95
" Flour— '. -. ' ■ ■ ■ '. ■•.;.;■..-•.. ; ; "--;'
Opening ......... ..30 40 - ,31 10 :
Closing ......... .:.v..;.: 30 20 > 31 05
St. Louis Wool Market.
/'; ST. LOUIB, Feb. . 6.— WOOL— Steady / '■• Med
ium I grades, " combing * and I clothing, 23@2S >4c :
light. flnr. 18@22n;; heavy : fine. "}l4@l7c;>. tub
wasl:ec'. 27©41 c. ______^_ '. - - , ;
Xorthern ■ Wheat Market, \: i
V '.■-'f : -.:;,■ ' : -OREGON, .x/j,;^: .:- ;-, '' .
i" : PORTLAND. Feb.; WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 86c; bluestem,' 91c; valley, 87c. , -
. WASHINGTON". '.^§ggla9B
. : TACOMA. -i Feb. 6.— WHEAT— Blue
stem, aic; club, , ;B£<~__£_^_ "': - ' J
Northern' Business.
V SEATTLE. I Feb. — Clearings, $674,467
balances. |134.30 C. ' - :■ ..
"--■ TACOMA, »- Feb. 6. — Clearings, $395,620;
.balances, I>118,O7J». - ;r ;^ ■'* ' - .r .
.-- PORTLAND. Feb. J 6. — Clearings, $709,021
balances. $79,341. , ■■,:-'■■ -■: ■-'.:. r^ ---•.-.•*
■--. SPOKANE, Feb. ■ fl.-;-Cnearings, . $496,350;
balances.. $38,288. ; i - ..-- r C v . - '
LOCAL MARKETS.
r Exchange and Bullion. • '. --
- t LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. ft 86^494 86%
Sterling \ Exchange, i sight ;■ . : r.'.-. 4 BS%© 4 — ?■«
BterllnK Exchange. 4 , cables .■.::Vr; 4.VJ -@- : — X
• New ; York > Kxchanjje. si^ht.... :. --■' 07'(|(g — .~. ~ .
New York Exchange, Ulegraphio 10 w — :
Silver, ; per ounce •..."...;......'. 61%^ — -\-
Mexican Dollars .......'..:... ..Nominal 50 /
,'V VV INTERNATIONAL.
New ■ York on ' Paria , : . . .'.'.; . . . . . . . . .'. . . .5.14*4^
New York on Mexico \:..~7: -........".; 202
Paris on London .;.... ......'.... *.f..T.55.16
Berlin on : London ' . .'. "'. . :.:. ;:..:..... .'.20.49 :
■ - 4 - Wheat and Other Grains.
■ WHEAT— The foreign markets were not ma
terially - changed. The v world's • shipments for
th« week were 9,032,000 - . bushels,^; against 1
11,552,000 last year. *. Beerbohm . cabled a firm |
tone in Liverpool owing to unfavorable weather j
In : India ; and ■ unsettled political * conditions in 1
the : Argentine. ? , - : - ; -■
>; Chicago r was %o lower. ;.'i ; .'s . ' -
In this market the cash grain, though quiet,
was firm, while futures were dull and lower.
, ■ CASH WHEAT.
California Club. ,SI 50@l 55; California ;
White Australian. $1 62%@1 65; Northern ;
Club, ' '■-. fl 52V>@1 55; -:■ Northern Bluest«m.
fl «6%©1 67%; Northern Red. $1 60 per ctL
■ FUTURES. '
' . Session 9to 11:30 a. m. . :
- •■'■■Vi Open. High. .Low. CIOMI
May— No sales; $1 51% bid $1 82 ask«d_
December. ...fl 29% $1 29% $1 2»% $1 >H
. .. . J : -'2 ; p. m. ' Session. '•
May— No sales: $1 61 bid. . ...
December— sales; $1 29% bid, $1 29% askeC
' ''. BARLEY— May \ declined 1 %c. with actlr* I
; selling,- on -th«: morning's -session.. There, was
nothing ■ doing in December. *. The cash grain I
was quiet and weak, with buyers holding off, ;
though 100 tons of F«ed sold at $1 22%. .
- CASH BARLEY.
■ Feed. $120@l 22%; Brewing and Shipping
91 23%©1 25; Chevalier. $1 22%®1 30 per ctL
■^~^~- ; FUTURES.
V^ 01^ Session. 9 to' 11:30 a. m.
i^*%; ' Open. High. Low. Close.
May .$1 21% $1 21% $121 $1 21»4
December ... 94 -94 93% - 93%
' . ' 2 p. m. Sesalon.
May— No sale's; $1 21 bid. $121% asked.-,-'.
: December — sales; 93V4c bid, 93% c i asked.
: OATS — The market cotlnued without change,
holders , being ' very firm and the demand,
though v confined to the local market, being
* very fair. "■•' ■ '■-■ •,-.'.■ ■- "
i White, 91 4501 87%: Surprise. 91 65@1 60; ■
Red for feed. $1 47%®1 52J-i for No. ■ 1 and
!91 40@l 45 for No 2; choice -for seed, $l'sO
I <g>l 65; Black $1 35@1 45 for feed and $1 50®
1 65 for «eed; Eastern White. SI 42%©1 50
I per ctl. ■'.;■■■;-->■ i"-';-' ■': . .V .-. ■*• . .
' CORN — The market opened the ,week without
■ any change whatever. The usual shipment of '
' Western : came . in. • ; •
'Western sacked, $1 25@1 27% for - Yel- |
low and White • and -$lO> • , for Mixed; |
California " large Yellow. -$1 27M.@1 30; I
small ' round .do $1 85; AVhite, 91 25@1 30;
, Egyptian. $1 iss@l 37% for White and 91 17% !
! 1 2i> for Brown."
I RYE— 9I 45@1 50 per etl. '
■ BUCKWHEAT— 75@1 85 per ctl.
' Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
; ' FLOUR— California » Family Extras, 94 80®
6 10, usual ■ terms ; Bakers' Extras. 94 70^5; ■
Oregon -and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl. >■ : ' • : '.--' ■: ■ . . r .,
:■. FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices in packages !
' are as ■ follows : Graham Flour $3 50 per 100 j
lbs- Rye Flour "93 75 (In barrels *4 75) : Rye |
Meal. $3 50 (in barrels 94 50): Rice Flour. '
$8; Com Meal. $2 50: extra cream do, $3 75; t
Oat Meal. -$4 25@4 50; Oat Groats. $4-50; I
Hominy $."J 75<g4;. Buckwheat .'"lour. $4 50® j
4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4; Farina. $4 50; Whole 1
Wheat Flour. $3 75; Rolled Oats. 1-bls, S6 60#
I 7 50; :In . sack*, . $«#7. . Pearl Barley. $C;
; Split Peas, boxes, 95 50; Green Pea 3. $5 50 per
j ICO lbs. •' - s
. Hay and Fecdstiiffs.
Receipts, of ; Hay - were very heavy, being 1
iriCi:; tons. . and as buyers held off the market ,
continued quiet and : weak. There was nothing :
new in Feedstuffs. - _ - r- » ■ J
. BRAN- -521 5C(J?22 50 per ton. - j
. MIDDI.IX(!S- s2(=«?2B 50 per 'on - '.
SHORTS— S2I 50@22 50 per ton. ;.- 1
L FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. 92.'>©28 !
per ton; Oilcake' Meal at the n.IU. • t-'\ SOQ j
132 50; jobbing 933; Cocoanut Cake. $2.{'524: '
■Cocoanut Meal, 924^23; Corn Meal $"_"•• W9
30 50 : Cracked Corn. $:t0 50@31 : Mixed Feed.
'•!■_'">; Horse Beans. $.!U4i-i0 per : ton; Broom)
Corn Feed," 90c per ctl. ■-■■!': " - \
HAY— Wheat. ¥10<sm 50: Wheat and Oat,
$10@14; Oat, $:Hii2 90; Baili>y ami Oat, $S^ '
10; Volunteer Wild Oat, 97<&10. stable, $9«10; \
stock. $(5®7 50; Clorer. $7©10; Alfalfa;. $9@12
per ton. .-■'-•• -";, " - ■ *•- •>- - 1 >
I STRAW— 3S@COc per bale. ~" ' j
Beans and Seeds.
| r The steadier feeling : in Limas ' noted at the. 1
! close of "the week - continues and rather more |
•' movement is reported, with the oid quotations •
stil! ruling. Otherwise the Bean market .is .'
: without feature ;. -■ *l
. BEANS— Bayos, . 92 25«.{ 10; Pea,-'M 25 j
3 50; Butter,: 9398 S3: small White, $2 50tj !
. 3 40; large White. $2@2 CO; Pink. 92 50<g:j 50; j
; Red. $4 7-Tir, : Lima. 93 9004; Red Kidneys,
Is 4 50® 4 75; Blackeyes, 92 50@2 70 per ctl; »
; Horse Eeans,- $1:85@2 40
;-■ SEEDS— Brown ; Mustard, nominal; Yellow
; Mustard nominal: . Flax. -, $2f£2 75; ■:. Canary.'
CVjtC: Alfalfa, 1 - 12%©13 c; . Rape. n..'-cJ •■:
Timothy, .".Tic; . Hemp. 84fi^c - per lb: Mil
' let, -J%®s%c: r- ; Bribom Corn "Seed, - $20©21 per
ton. .- .=■■- .: • .- ■ '-'; ■-- :«, '.; -.-•--
DRIED PEAS— Niles, 91 75f?2 50; Green i
Peas. 91 75@>2 50 per ; ct!. -. . \.
Potatoes. Onions «md Vcsrctabjea^ I
There was a" fair amount of trailing in high- J
iradc Eurbank Potatoes : atvl pTtcei fbr them
.ruled steady, .but there was no Improvement
in the demand for cheap, stock, which was In •
burdensome supply. The ; Onion market was
slenderly supplied and firm. with the best .
lots finding; prompt sale at an . advance. The
Sweet. Potato growers of Merced and vicinity !
have formed . a | protective association for the j
purpose of regulating shipments and: have'
'appointed; four prominent ' local firms as dts
; tributinK agents. * Tw o cnrloads of fancy stock)
■ were dUposed of .. yesterday by the newly ap- 1
j pointed agents. ; - - . . ]
.Scu'.liern vegetables were in limit d .supply ;
. and firmer, .the train with fresh supplies hay- •■
ing been delayed by washouts near the oouth- '
; ern end -of the line. : Mushrooms -were firmer 1
under decreased receipt:-- and aragus from 1
! the river -sold at 5Cc per pound. .;. ;
i POTATOES— Burbanks.from the river. 73c0 ;
!$1 per ctl: Fallna* Burbanks $1 25@1 40 per
J ctl; Oregon Burbanks, '".'sl^l 35 per . ctl: i
j Rive- Reds, W976e per ctl: Early Rose. 91 '.'5 !
• ffl T>(' per : ct!: - Garnet Chiles, $1 40@l 50 per j
! ctl: Bweei Potato*? ■75c(ft?l" per ctl. '
• ONIONS— S2 0092 75 ' per : ctl. - / '
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. s®6c" per lh. j
Stilnir .BeKr !<;:lC v 'Vl-.»V l -.»- rer lb; Wax Bean?. s 'r ,
. lOo; .Tomntofs..:sl@l 50 , per box or crate; \
> Summer : Squash. '•• 75c@$l per box; Hothouse
. Cucumbrrs. : *W»1 s<i rer dozen: ~ Cabbajte. '
60 • per ctl; <;arrots. Uo®4oc pr sack: Garlic. '
OKllc per lb; . Egg; Plant. 10@12%c per lb: j
Dried. Peppers;- 10012%c for sun-dried and 13<9 j
14c per lb for evaporated: Green Peppers. s@Cc i
'• per : lb» for Chil« and Ki>il2Hc for . Bell: i
- Mushrooms. . 10@20c per 11>: . Marrowfat and i
Hul'bard Squash. ?1' per ton. _ . j
! ■.",.'■■'■, Poultrj' and Game. • |
• - Trade in Poultry s . was active and the two :
'carloads, of "Western stock that came in on \
■■' BSturday cleaned up readily at good prices. !
; Receipts from '< domestic shipping .points were |
I only I five I coops and. | as the market was < prac- 1
I tically Jbare I at ; the . close of " last • week.- a . firm !
feeling prevailed and all descriptions stood as
previously I quoted. > . Game was quiet and tome
kinds: were low>-r. : - v: : -• !
-'--•=■ POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 2u@22c, nor- i
lnal; Live Turkeys. 10@21c per lb; Gee?e, per |
' palr,*s2@2 25; .Goslings.' —^-; Ducks. X< rr < > per
dozen for old • and $C@7 ' for young; | Hens. ■; |I3<|
; ! 5 50 for small 1 and $6<Q7 for •>• large; ~* young
j Roo3tera '$0 5057; old Roosters. 94 50® Fry- j
'-ers f.Vuti: Broilers^ 93«4 50; Pigeons,- $I@l 25; j
.Squabs 7 $2^2 50. ;- - - - ; -
- GAMK — Mallard. - Ducks. S3'»4 . p«?r ■ dozen; ;
<: Canva«back. " $S@4 50; Teal. $1 25«? l 50; Sprig.
91 sC<§2 50; Gray Ducks.- 92; Widgeon, 91 50;
- Ke<3 .: Heads *2 50: •■ Black Jacks. 51 CO; ;
Sr-oonbllls. ;; -" 91 25; * Gray , Geese, : $3; White
"Geese,: 75c®?l 50-. Brant, 92 '■. for large " • and ;
I :; for -' small ;^ Honkers; $3 50@5;; Snipe. $3
• for ! English '. and 91 50 . for common; ; Hare," 92; ,
1 Rabbits, <$2 50 .' for Cottontails and $1 60 for I
, Bruah. . .'■--' ' ; -
Butter, Cheese and Egjps.
Receipts of Butter and Eggs were heavier
and those of Eggs were the largest Monday's
arrivals for a long time. Butter wa* slow
and top-heavy, with quotations '«c low.r and
dealers still complaining of the dullness of
trade. Cold-storage goods w*re quoted lower.
Eggs held up extremely well, as the demaid
was excellent and the inquiry for store Eggs
continued urgent — much better than that for
ranch. There was nothing new in cheese.
Receipts were 60,600 lbs Butter, 729 cases
Eggs and 11,500 lbs Cheese
BUTTER— Creamery at first hand*. 27 1...®
2Uc for extras and M 0£ c for l°wer to me
dium grades; dairy. 22ftf23c; cold storage. 90
24c; store Butter. 13® 15c; Eastern cubes,
nominal; Eastern ladle-pa^ke.l. 1591«e,
CHEESE— IG#IIc for fair to choice mild
new and 10c for old; Young Americas. Il^i2c;
Eastern. 33«?10c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 2G€ ; 27c for good to choice
and 25c for common; store Eggs, 25c; oold
storage, nominal; Eastern, nominal at 23@24e
per doien.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruit*.
<- The' fruit * market had : a healthier : tone >. yes
terday a'resultiof the mild. 7 sunny > weather,,
and V although ■'. trad-? :In the i open i marbet „ for
Oranges * was i still ;- of ;•; small '.i volume, "' dealers
were 1 more J opttmUitic> and | there was | less | in
cllnatlon'; to ( force sales. v. In - the •' auction ? rooms
business was ! fair, peddlers I being | the principal
buyers S«ven ? cars '• of fairly £ attractive , Na- '
vels were- disposed of. fancy selling at $1 100
1 65. s - choice \ at « 90c@|l' If ;■ and s standard "; at
75cS$l 10. ;y Advices . from ; Florida cay that " the
recent freeze in i that I State has worked greater
havoc w with f. the ,T Orange ? crop f" than ~ at ' first
thought; > the ; ti*e« \ as ; well : as . the ; fruit being
damaged S in ; some '. sections. The ' Florida crop
for *■■ tMs i season 1 It 1 estimated t at ? considerably
less than < 2.000,000 boxes and : Is ' said to be . leas
than a third -of - the " crop •' of ; ISO 4-5, ■- ■ the > year
of the ); "great .freeze," -when -6,000,000 boxes
were raised;" ;; '.'"" :r '■■■■.■■.^■.- ■ .':."."; ' '; :•'■ •■ ■ . !■'■ ".".iA"
The Apple 5 market i is very weak \ for ordinary
offerings, while : extra fancy lots *of ; ecme 1 va
rieties are -S comparatively % arm.' 1 ;-'- There ,- were
no i fresh 1 arrivals - y«fterday.'a^^S9|HibßP(
■<■* .'APPLES— SI@V) DO'; per ? box for fancy and
73c©$l" lor r ccmn:cu» ; to ; choi.e.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. Navels. tl 800
1 75 per box for fancy and $1 2591 80 for
choice and 85c©Sl 15 for standard; Tangerines
90c<S$l: Japanese Mandarins. 73©90 c; L(mon»,
$-<§2 50 for fancy. >1 2541 75 for choice and
$I©l 25 for standards; Grape Fruit |1 50@2;
Mexican Limes, $4 50@5 per case;* Bananas,
$1 50©2 60 per bunch for Central American
and 75cy|l 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $202
per dozen.
Dried Frnits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
, ■."■ The tone In .. Fruits is firm ; and slight , ad
vances in Feacb«s. . Apples . and Nectarines ar«
noted. '.- Otherwise ther<« is ' nothing . new. In
Raisins a few slight variations will be ob
served. <\' ' o - *. - ■*-
FRUlTS— Apricots. 8011 c for Rorals - and
im©l2tvc V for . Moorpark»: Nectarines. TH©
8&c- -for" White and 7Vic for Red; Peacb«a.
Hii^ViC per lb; Pears, 7©l2c; Plunas. : pitted.
4©sc for black. 5%©7 c ror red and 4^96*
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks. 45c: 3-crown.
60c; 4-crown, 60c; fl-crown, 66c; bulk -white.
2%, ©3c; Mack, 2%95Hc; Evaporated Apple*.
4STc per lb. - .- . ■: ; : ' ■ '
PRUNES— 1%01%c p«r lb for ■ the four «lze»
and 22 1 -|C baaia for the larg? sizes.
RAISINS— I9O4 crop t o. b. Fresno —
rial cluster*., $2 25®2 SO; -Deh<?ga. $1 35©1 40.
London , Layers, , 83ce$l; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown, 4si©sc; 3-crown, "4Hc: " 2-crown, 3®
3%c; Seeded. :■ 4%©6 c; • Thomp«on"s 3i.ai!fM.
4%®4%c; Seedlesa Sultanas. 3@sc per lb. •
— Walnuts, No. 1' ioftshell. 12@13c:
No. 2. x 10®Uc; 1 hardshell. 12c: No. 2.
10c; AJmonda. 1 16©17 c; for Nonparlels. 14@H%e
for I X L 13%©14% c for N'e • Plus Ultrm
and : 110 for . Languedoc; ' Peanuts. . 69"c for
Eastern; Pecans ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 509 ft;
Chestnuts, T@»c per lb for Italian. ' ' '' 1 '
HONEY— Comb, 109120 ; for whlt« and 9910
for , amber; . water •• white extracted. 5>«9
64c: light amber extracted. s®s^o; dark. 39
4%C.
BEESWAX — 27029 c per lb.
Provisions.
The proposed advance in Hams. Bacon and
Lard has not been realized, as sufficient
houses to prevent a general rise still sell at
previous quotations. The market continues
dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. 12c for light.
12% c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 9c: Bellies lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to 14 lbs. 12c: 15 to 18
lbs. 11 %c : 17 to 20 lbs, lie; California Hams,
11 %c; Mess Beef $10910 SO per bbl: extra
Mess. $10 50®ll; Family $12«12 50; prime
Mess Pork $14 50; extra clear, $22; Mess.
$16 50: Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef 14c per lb.'
LARD — Tierces quoted st 5%c per Tb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and S%c for pure: half -barrels, pure, B%c;
10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins. 9%0.
COTTOLEN'E — One half barrel, 8%o: three
half barrels. B%c; one tierce, B%c; two tierces.
8i»c; five tierces. B%c per lb.
Hide?, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND — Culls and brands " sell
about %®lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 12c; medium i lie; light. 10% c; Cow
Hides, =. 10% c for heavy - and .10c for light;
Stags. 8c; Salted Kip lie: Salted Veal. U%c;
Salted Calf. 12% c; dry Hides. . 18c: dry Kip,
16c; dry Calf, 22c : Sheepskins, shearlings. 251J
40c each: short Wool " 30^75c each; medium.
oOc<gsl 10; long Wool, $1 I£©l 75; Hor»e
Hides, salt. 93 for large and $2 50 for me
dium. 91 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry 91 75 for large and 91 25<8
1 50 for medium, SI for small, 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Mexican. 30c; dry sattH
Mexican. 25c dry Central American, 30c;
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras 75c; extra large
do. 91 25; large 50c; medium 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered 4£4%c per lb;
No. -2. 3@3%c: Grease. 2@2%c. - ' '
WOOL Nominal: none here. 1.
HOPS— I9O4 crop. 27®30c psr lb: 1908 crop.
17%@1SC ' , ■ . :
Meat Market.
There are some Spring Lambs coming la.
selling at the quotation. Veal Is lower, sup
p]\>-= being too large for the market. Beef
and Mutton show no change, though both are
in liberal supply.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale ratea from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: . . - . » . -- :. : •
BEEF— for Steers and 4&5%e per lb
for Cdws.. ■ ,; ■
VEAL— Large, s%ig7c: .small. 7%®9c per lb.
: MfTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes. «54-97 c
per lb. - • -.. .;•■-
.- LAMB— 9@9%c p«r lb for Yearlings and
12% c for Spring. .
PORK— Dresjied Hogs. 6%63« perlb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. "„, "
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
45 per. cent shrinkage for Cattle: -■
CATTLE — Steers 7U87%c: Cows and Heir
er», s'.^(ii'i,c; thin Cows 4@sc per lb. -
CALVES — liS4%c-per lb (gross weight). <-^
SHEEP-^Wethers. 3%©3% c; Ewes. 3@3%c
per lb (gross weight). -
LAMBS— $'- "fin 75 per head.
— Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs sc; 130
to 200 lbs. sU©s%c; SO to 130 lbs. 4\«»sc:
soft Hors, not* wanted: Sows, 20 per cent off;
{ Eoar>. 5O per. cent off and Stags. 40 per cent
f off from, above, quotations. ;,'..-. i»x-.'-' «*w—^»-i.
■ .... . - -^ f -.
General Merchandise.
PAGS— Grain Bags. 5%«6c spot and «%©
6'i»c for June and July; Wool Bags, 30932 c:
Fleece Twine, 7 I - J c.
COAL— Wellington. 9» per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. 96 SO; Bryant 96 50: ',
Beaver Hlil. 93 30; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay 95 50;
Richmond. $8: Cumberland. 913 in bulk and '
$14 25 in sack*; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
?14; Welsh Anthracite Egg 9i3; Welsh Lump,
111 B0; Cannel. 9*> per ton; Coke. 911 50^13 per j
ton in bulk and 915 In sacks: Rocky Mountain 1
descriptions.. 98 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases i
add sc: Linseed, 55c per gallon for '
boiled and 53c for raw; Castor Oil. In
eases. No. 1, 70c: Bakers' AA. cases, i
»1 14#l 16: Lucol. 50c for boiled and 4Sc for i
raw: China Nut. .-as»« 65^80c per gallon: Co- !
coanut Oil. in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 58e ■
for Australian; extra bleached wintfr Sperm
Oil. CSc; natural winter Sperm Ofl. 6.'tc; extra '
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c: natural Whale
Oil B3c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c-
No. 1 Lard Oir 65c; pure Xeatsfoot Oil. 73c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. ft^c : light Herring Oil.
42i ; dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil 34c;
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c: boiled
Paint Oil 33c: raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL. GASOLfNE, ETC.— Water White ;
Coa'. Oil. in bulk. 12 Vic: Pearl Oil. in cajres,
1(V; Astra! 19o; Star. 19c; EJxtra star. 22c;
Elaine. 25>-.-c: Eocene. 21c: Stnve Gasoline, in
bulk. 16c; In cases. 22Hc: Motor Gasoline, in
bulk. 16c: In cases. 22'^c; No. I Engine Diji
tillate, iron bbl? or drums. 8c: No. 2 do (5Sc:
cas«», 6^.0 more; Benzine, in bulk, 13c- in
cases. 19 Vic: S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 25c; i
tn cases. 3lc.
TURPENTINE— 7Bc per gallon in cases and
72c in <wums and Iron barrelt".
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7^^
8c per lb: White Lead. 74®8c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 1' 25c;
Powdered. 8.10 c: Candy Granulated. 8.10 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse
6c; Fruit Granulated 6c; Beet Granulated
dtiO-lb bags only). 5.80 c; Confectioners 1 a 6c-
Magnolia A. 5 60c; Extra C. 5.50 c; Golden C
5.40 c; "D." 5.30 c; barrels. 10c more: half bar
rels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 60- lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50 c; boxes, 6.75 c; H. A E. Crystal Domlnos).
9c per lb. Xo orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipt* of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. FEBRUARY 6.
Flour, ar sks... 2.S7OJLJme. bbls .;.....'. '.273 >
Wheat, ctla ..... '1,484 Paper rolls v; : .1 1.270 :
Barley, ctls ....11.627 Brandy- gals .... 3.SCO
Corn (West),' ctls 1.200 Wine, gals , .1;... 65 42."
Rye, ctls ...... .956 Feed, ska t-'-.1....: ■ • st»
Tallow.\ctls ••'..'. ■ 488| Beans. 1 51u~.V... 1447
Sugar. ctls ". . .".". : 2.9Bo,' Potato«s, sks ... 4 007 I
Quicksilver. . flsJcs - SO Onions, 1 sk» ...... 531
Leather, -i rolls . : .'■" 48|Hay, . tons ;■;. . ; .-. . 136.1
Hides. No .:....' Hops, bales ...... --33
Pelts, bdls ...... 873| 7 :
> WASHINGTON. -> / s
Flour, qr sks... B,79»|Oats. * ctls . . . . . I~ 2,870
;' OREGON.
Potatoes, sks . . . 255|<
STOCK MARKET.
Continued Activity, With a Dividend
by Alaska Packers.
The brokers on the Stock and Bond Exchange
are doing an excellent business nowadays, and
if they continue to Increase it as they have
during the last year or two Pan Francisco will
in several years have a world standing as a
stock and bond center. The business i? of a
first -class character and handled with dlgntty
and intelligence. Yesterday was another active
AD V ER TISEMEXTS.
Southern Pacific New
....4% Gold 80nd5....
We'have special facilities for handling a part of this issue.
All orders received by mail or telegraph will receive prompt
attention.
E. F. HUTTON <& CO.
Bankers and Brokers,
490 California Street, 33-35 New Street,
San Francisco. New York.
Members New York Stock Exchange.
AUCTION SALES
S^ £a fc%
Draught^Horses
Driying Horses
250
Heed selected, weil-brokm " Ors«o« and CtsA .
Or »*">. wefghing from 1380 to 1700: also IS
nead livsry Horsee. good style and gentle.
t^ 1 ?* fons'Bnnxent of 60 head will be offered
TUESDAY. February T. at 7:43 p. m. i
- 1 BY ELECTRIC LIGHT.  -;
And every second Tuesday followln* uatO ea-
tlr» lot is »oid.
Will entertaia bid* for carload lota If «c-
Lumbermen, truckmen ana an teamsters will
fs > ncV"rl t c°e» lnWCt the " * oTmm b# '° r * » Wiß «
WIT b« yuarant#«d as represented and win 1
mmf^27. n h * rness - B«nd . for eatalocuee.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET
E. ItEWART ft C 0 . . ... .„.., . 3T .'. Aaetloneer*
$^ WAIT FOR
THE AUCTION SALE OF HORSES,
MARES, WAGONS, . HARNESS. ETC.
WEDNESDAY. February 8 at 11 a. m. :
ARCADE HORSE MARKET 327 SIXTH ST.
.*» HORSES AND MARES will b. T Si
without reserve or limit. < ■ ■ x .-
- JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. %
day, with bonds leading, the transactions ia
them amounting- to 1157. 000. In stocks, busi
ness was rather lighter than of late, though
several of the sugars were well dealt in,
Hutchlnson lpadln*- m point of activity and
making a fractional advance 'o $18. Ha-
Tv.-.tlan Commercial sold from $91 up to $92 .V>.
The others were steady. In the miscellaneous
stocks Alaska Packers' Association rose from
$V*> 50 to $»T 25. and the association declared a
dividend of 750, payable on the 28th. tr
books closing on the 21st. Contra Costa Wat«r
waa also higher at $37. and Gas and Elect r!o
at $52 75.
In the mining stocks the Comstocks wer<«
fclgher under Increased activity in the fore
noon, with Ophlr selling up to $W 50 and the
other leader* proportionally stronger. Hale *
Norcroes sold up to II 60. The market eased
off In the afternoon, however, wfth Ophir clo*
mg at |S bi&. The Tonopahs were also acttv«\
but prices were unsettled and irregular
selling higher and others being weaker.
The oil stocks exhibited no new features.
The following dividends were paid yes
terday: Pacific Lighting Company, regular
monthly, 35<: per share, amounting to I I
Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Company.
regular monthly. 50c per share, amoun
sso,ooo; Or.cmea Sugar Company. regular
monthly, 30c per share, amounting to $15.0u«>;
Imperial OH. regular monthly of 20 cents per
share, or $20,000: Thirty-three Oil. regular
monthly of- 10 cents per share, or $10,000.
The regular annual meeting of the stockhold
ers of the I'nion Trust Company has bsea
called for February 9.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAT. Feb. «— p. m.
vrxzTEX> STATES BONDS.
; Bid. Asa.| Bid. Ask.
4s qr c0np..106%108 |U Qr ct» h«w.I3OHISI<4
4s qr r*g...10a%10» 3e qr coup... loS\ 104
" MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — OO L4H Ss.lOS —
Auo 041 ss. 84 — O W gtd 6«. — —
Bay CPC 55.103 i; — Oceanic S 3s. «MX4 70^'
CaJ C O 3s. — 106 Om Oibl» 68.121ij — •
Cal G it E g Pac G Im 4s. — M
m & ct 5». BTJ4 38 ' P B Ry 5»..10TH —
Cal-st C 55. 113 — P* C H 05.103% —v.
C C Wat ss. — 100 P* O R 6e.113 — '
Edl, & P 65..123% — Powell-st 9e. — U4»4
F & C H Cs. — — Sac EG.fcß3s.lo2*; —
Geary-st 5e.. — 9O I3F 4 SJVSs.I2O% — "
H C&8 &H5.105 — Sierra R os. — —
Do 3s 106 — I S P of A 6s
Hon R T Bs.lOfl — I (1909) 107*1 — T
L. A Eleo 6s. — — I (1010) 108% —
L.VO AEI 55.101 — |9 PofC 6a
L ARj 5a.. 117 IIS a»o6>9r A.IOIU —
LAL gtd ss.— 10&% - (1905) Sr'B. 102 —
LAP lem ss. lOt —- I (1906) .....100 —
Mkt-st C 63.113 lie " (1912)...". .113 —
Do lem 55.116H — I9PC 1 eg Be. — —
MV& MtTss.lCo 110 i Do Jtampd.l(W% — "-,
XRR of C&.104 — ISPBR 68.135 ■ —
Do Cs ....l20?il21?s!3 V Wat 68.105*4 —
N P C R 8e.. 04"^ — I Do 4n 2dm.100 lOOil
NC Ry Be.. — 112 ! Do 4s 3dm. 90% _ .
•JT CP C ss. — 102 1 Do g mt«-4s 9S —
NS R R 3s. 9»UlOt Stka GAE»s. 83 —
Oak TCo 69.121 — ICGcESi. — — '
Do 5a 1121.; — lUR of PP 4s. 59% M ■
Do coaJJSJtoe' lOT^p" ■ '; '~- V- ' " r C"
~? . WATER STOCKS.
Contra. Costa 37 - 37tJ (Port Costa... — ■ — ..
! Marln C 0.... 53. 59»i!gv.Wat Co. ST% — J
. GAS AXD ELECTRIC. . ; .
Cent L& P. 3% - S PG ft B. 82% 33« i
Mutual BLIO 11 fStkn GAB.— . • RiZ
Pac i/jCo... 3* «0 CGft B Co. — >—
INSURANCE. "
Flrem's Pnd. — 340 '
J-. ." .' . BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl 8k..128Van5 t. Pft A....151 — *
Anglo-Cal ..89 91 IMer Trust .220 K9 ■
Bank of Cal.. — 444 IMerch Ex.... 30 —
Cal Safe Dp-.152 — |3 F National — _
First N T atlonl — 398 | >.*■
SAVINGS BANTCS.
Ger 3«& r L.2330 — " ISav A L So.. — 100 '
Hum SAL. — — fSec Say Bk.. — 410
Mutual Sav.lOO — 'Union T C 0.2700. 2700 3300
S F Say U. 610 — '
STREET RATLROADB. .
California ..205\21."> Presidio .'.... 40 — '
Geary — 30 |
POWDER.
Giant ...... 9i\ t»6i..:vis;orit ...... t 414 .
SUGAR
Hawaiian C. 92>^ Makawell C 88% S9U'
Honokaa S C 24% 24 Onomea 9 C 39«4 40^-
Hutch 8P C 17% »V, Paauhau 3C 27 —
Kilauea 3C. 5 s>,|
- -' - '- -KLI.ANEOUS.
Alaska PA 87} i — JOceanlc 3 Co. 4%- 3 *
Cal F C A . 9H 100 Pac Am FA. 4 —
Cal Wine A. — 82«|Pac C Bora. — IS3X%
MVA MtTm. — 100 ,Pac S T«l Co-IOT ■>- — ™
SALES.
Morning . Session.
' , • Board — "
10 Alaska Packers' Association... Ml 79 '-'•
25 Contra ' Costa Water 37 ft» '
. 70 Hawaiian Coral 4 Sugar 91 5O •'
50 Oceanic S S Co ............... 4 62*4
5O Paauhou S P Co. . 27 0»
60 Pac States Tel A ' Tel C 0 . .. 107 *t»
$2.00»> Cal Gas A El G M A C T Ss. . .08 OO
J."!.o«o Northern Ry of Cal 35......:.12 l 30 -
- »I. OilO Oceanic S 3 Co 55...' •» CO '
$S, 000 -Pacific : Electric * Ry 5s ... .\ 107 *»5
$14, United R R of S F 4s 80 87^4
Street— JWMNSMBHEBRi
*8.000 Edison L A"P «s ......123*73 -
. $5.n00 " Hawaiian "Coml A Sugar 3s .lCrt 25
COO Oakland Transit Co 63 • 3.. 121 OO
$3,000 Oceanic S 8 , Co 5a. .;:.......; m 00
$3,000 Oceanic S S Co 6s (19©<R lua 25
• ;, >^ Afternoon ■ Session. ;
Board—
'I 10 Alaska Packers' "Association... 87 CO
: , 13 Alaska Packers' Association,. . . 87.23
' 100 Hawaiian Coral A Sugar ...... 92 3©
280 Hutcblßson.S P.Co.. ..^.17,87*4
• 600 Hutchtnson S P C 0.. .......... is CO •
50 Honokaa 9 Co ....."......•..... 24 50 •
1 • 75 Honokaa SCo .-.;<;.. .;.;...». 24 37*
f' 280 Honokaa S Co. bSO i.-.. 2* st> '
: 2O Oceanic S SCo ."......■........; \ »7vt
. . 100 Onotnea Sugar Co V. .*..;.; ;.";.■ 38'30>
• f 100 Paauhau -S P i C 0."...."....'.... 27 co
$4,000- CaIGABOMACTSs. DIOMOB
- $1,000 Oakland ' Transit Co 6a 12108 '
j $5,000 Paclnc  Electric Rj- 5s ...... ;107 50
- $5,000 Sacramento El Gas A Ry Sa. .103 73
$40,000 Spring Val 4s (3d mtge) ...... 99 73
; $12,000 United R R of 3 F 4s .....:. 90 110
Street —
$1,000 Bay Counties • Power Co 3s 108 50
' $5,000 Los Ansrelea Ry ss. .....117 37H
$4,000 Pacific Electric Ry " .V» ."......;. 107 23 ;»■
• $1,000 SP>. of Arixona (190»).-......l07 73
$30,000 United ; R R of S F 45.-......: SO 00
Unlisted Securities. I
• * ' MiaCEIJLANEOUS BONDS.
;;• Bid. Ask.J - Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC «s-100 — |SF sVP sa. - 113
Continued on Page Fourteen.
1516
DELAYS GRANT
OF FRANCHISE
Two Protests Block Passage
of Bill Giving Privilege
to the Santa Fe System
WJLL FIX WATER KATES
Supervisors to Begin In
quiry Xext Tuesday and
Company Files Statements
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
referred to the Street Committee for
further Investigation, the proposed or
dinance granting the Atchison. Topeka
and Santa Fe Railway Company a
franchise to operate a steam road along
Sixteenth, Indiana, Mariposa and other
street connecting therewith.
Captain A. H. Payson. vice president
Cf the company, addressed the board,
eayir.g that' he had offered Annie
Toomey, who protested against the
franchise. $400 for damages that he
caused her property. Payscn said he
•was willing to submit her claim to ar
b!traiion by the Street Committee.
"""Regarding the protest flied by the
J>hrke Estate Company against the
«rant of franchise on the ground that
its property on Indiana and Mariposa
streets would be injured. Payson said
the property was two blocks away from
the proposed line. Payson said that
the Indiana, street tracks had been laid
eo:ne yeans ago under another fran
chise and M. Lehrke had vastly im
proved hie property since the tracks
■were there.
Supervisor Boxton desired to know if
any provision would be made for pro
tecting pedestrian traffic at the cross
ings. Payson assured him that all
safeguards would be installed in that
connection at the six or seven cross-
Ings of the road. Supervisor Connor
explained that the road was in fact
a spur track to connect the Santa Fe
man, line with the industrial centers of
the city.
Attorneys for the protestants raised
th- i."int that as the Santa Fe Com
pany has already been granted a fran
chise to enter the city and connect
•with the water front the Supervisors
could not legally grant any more privi
leges of the same character.
Boxton's motion that the ordinance
be re-referred to the Street Committee
which recommended Its passage, for
the purpose of settling the protestants'
claims, was carried. The City Attorney
may be asked for an opinion as to the i
legal point noted. The committee will
mwt on Wednesday, February 15. at 3
p. m. &*.S''
In reply to questions put by Eggers,
who presided at the meeting. Payson
eaid the Eighteenth and Nineteenth
etreet bridges would be completed at
the earliest possible date, the former in
thirty days and the latter as soon as a
retaining wall to cost $20,000 can be
built. Supervisors Lunstedt and Eg
gers insisted that the residents in the
vicinity should be given relief.
The dispute over the resolution par
celing out the horreshoelng contracts
among seven bidders was resumed.
D'Ancona moved as a substitute that
the entire award be made to Ed. Tay
at $2 2a per hors*-. N. Morrisey, presi
dent of the Master Horseshoers' Asso
ciation, asserted that Tay was not re
sponsible and had caused trouble to the
craft when he was a walking delegate
of the Horseshoers' Union. The matter
was then deferred one week to give
Tay an opportunity to disprove the al
legation that he is not a responsible
bidder.
The beginning of .the annual investi
gation for the fixing of water rates had
b^-n made a special order and several
officials of the Spring Valley Water
Company were present to be ques
tioned. The usual resolutions directing
th«- company to furnish statements
showing: its revenue and operating ex
penses for 1904 and the clerk to ascer
tain its assessed valuation were adopt
ed. Braunhart said that the inquiry
would not take long, as a mass of evi
dence had been taken in investigations
for three years past, and it would only
bf necessary to question the company's
representatives relative to the. accrued
property ol the company. The inquiry
•will be formally begun on Tuesday.
February 14, at 2 p. m.
The .^tatemer.ts asked for were filed
immediately, showing the company had
expended $437,965 S9 in permanent im
provements in 1904. The receipts were
$2,187,436 74 and the disbursements $2.
1ii4.4.?2 98, a loss of $6,996- 24 in the fiscal
y-ar 1903-4. Ten dividends amounting
to $561,052 36 were r>aid.
Pt«o"« Cure for nnxamption is a
Sterling remedy for couprhs and cold*. •
Octal a Strangle Hold.
Hi-;;m Thompson of the Denver
House -Jl7 Third street, was attacked
in Jot-eph Fetz s saloon. Third and
rarly yesterday morn
ing by Thomas Doyle. 221 Ritch
Doyle, it is alleged, threw an
arm round Thompson's ne<k and
•trurk him in the face with the other
hand. Then Doyle reached down and
extracted Thompson's purse contain
ing ?! 00 from his pocket. Doyle re
1 h:« hold on Thompson and
started to run away, but Thompson
Kxabbed him. Policeman S. T. Clark
arrested Doyle for stealing Thomp
son's purse, which was lying on the
floor, Doyle was booked at the City
Prison on a charge of robbery.
_^ w~~ ADVERTISKMEXTS. .
GHIRARDELLIVS
F¥ ¥f^\f C^
Tempting bits of chccolate, V^^r^^|
toothsome and nutritious. ''^jffi'^frrt'^i
At confectioner? and grocer?. Mk \WWWm
POLICE COURT ADVOCATE
PROVES HIS PROWESS
PUNCHES CAPPER FOR RIVAL
Irate Lawyer Attacks a Prisoner Who
Interferes With His Trade.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Primarily responsible for the incident
was an infringement of the rule that
forbids attorneys to solicit business
from prisoners in a courtroom. If that
regulation had been strictly observed
the crowd in Po!lce Judge Mogan's
tribunal would have missed the rare
spectacle of an act of battery commit
ted fairly within the shadow of the
bench. Of course the bench was not oc-
cupied at the time, else the subsequent
proceedings would certainly have been
mrrre interesting.
It was just after the male defendants
had been horded into the cage and prior
to the Judge's arrival that one erf the
energetic professional advocates ap
proached the bars and wigwagged his
d<-sire to converse with owe of UK In
mates, John Daly, accused <--f attempt
tn murder. Daly advanced to .the grat
ing and with bent head was listening
to the lawyer's whispered communica
tion wht>n his shoulder was tapped
by a fellow-prisoner, Herman Krens.
charged with woman- beating, who
audibly advised him to have nothing tn
do with the man who was talking, but
to entrust his case to a rival pleader,
name mentioned, who "hez forgot more
about de law dan dat mug efer learnt."
Whereupon the fist of the attorney shot
between the bars and landed upon the
bridge o-f Mr. Krens' nose. The as
sailed one staggered backward, clutch
ing his bruised proboscis, and. without
attempting to resume hia interrupted
?"li< itation of Mr. Daly's patronage,
the assailant departed the spot.
As neither of the two bailiffs wit
nessed the assault — indeed if their at
tention had not been monopolized by
oth^r business the attorney's visit to
the <age would not have occurred — no
arrest wap made. But in the corridors
the incident was much discussed, and
disinterested opinion had it that the
end was not yet.
The trick r:f employing a prisoner to
work among his fellows in the interest
of an attorney is not by any means
new. but never in local Police Court
history was it so openly exposed as by
the interference of Mr. Krens and the
resultant damage to his nasal organ.
Luke Dolan. laborer, quarreled with
his wife at their home, 215 Harrison
street, and two policemen arrested him
for drunkenness and peace disturb
ance. His better half said he was a
decent man when sober, and he ex- s
hiblted to Judge Cabaniss a certificate
of good character supplementing his
honorable discharge from the United
States army.
"Possession of that document should
mak? your conduct all the more ex
emplary, ' said his Honor, "for when
you offend the law you also attack the
integrity of tboac who have vo-uched
for your good 'behavior. Remember
that a reputation acquired by years of
commendable living may be shattered
by one day of misdoing. Go home,
keep sober and don't again betray
your Uncle Sam's confidence."
Patrolman J. J. Tillman was on fluti
st 2 o'clock Sunday morning when he
saw a man attempt to effect an en
trance to a number of stores on Third
street, between Howard and Mission,
by fumbling with locks and shoving
doors with a brawny shoulder. Failing
to obtain entrance to the barber shop
at 122. the man tried the saloon at 124,
then the saloon at 138. then the notion
store at 152, then the drug store at 162,
then the barber shop at 208, then the
tea store at 218. By that time the po
liceman had decided that there was no
hope of his catching a burglar with the
goods, so he emerged from concealment
and arrested the man and charged him
with having attempted to commit the
act. The defendant, who registered as
Charles H. Brown, pleaded that he
owned a lunch counter at 159 Third
street and was drunk and trying to find
it when the policeman interrupted his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUAPY 7. 1905.
quest. Judge Conlan continued the
hearing.
• ■ ■
Patrolman George A. Sullivan was
also parading Third street at early
morning when he met two men who
were intoxicated and carrying between
them the dressed carcass of a sheep.
They gave the names of William An
derson and Elmer D. Gibson. Carl Mul
ler. a butcher, identified the mutton as
his property and the defendants are be
fore Judge Conlan. They pleaded com
plete ignorance as to how they became
possessed of the sheep.
• • •
Jefferson Davis Reese, 20 years of
age, is accused of having turned sev
eral dishonest pennies by delivering
messages marked "collect" to women
of the under world and disappearing
with the money thus obtained before
the envelope could be opened and the
contents read. The envelopes had been
purloined from the Western Union Tel
egraph Company, and each cpntained a
sheet of papef on which was written
an improper query. A woman of Hinck
ley place pursued the bogus messenger
and effected, his capture, and Judge
Mogan will hear her testimony to-day.
Thomas Campbell, arrested for loiter
ing in the O'Farrell street music halls
and accused of vagrancy, admitted to
Judge Fritz that he was an ardent ad
mirer of stage art and yearned to be a
"Johnnie," but was handicapped both
physically and pecuniarily in the at
tainment of his ambition, as the ladies
of the "profesh" were chary of smile
hestowal upon suitors who had neither
manly grace nor hard < ash— latter pre
ferred. His Honor advised Mr. Camp
bell to abandon his hopeless policy and
adopt a r'tck and shovel for utilization
as breadwinners. Then the case was
dismissed.
So long as his crayon portrait
adorned ihe sitt insr-room of his wife's
domicile at 91 PA Folsom street Peter
J. Carr. able soaman. could not con
sider himself entirely excluded from
her kindly consideration. True, she
had not only abandoned his com
panionship and gone to live alone,
supporting herself by selling notions
at retail, but she had also informed
him that she hoped to be spared the
affliction of ever seeing his face again.
Yet she clun? to the portrait which
he had given to her in the first flush
of their marital bliss. If she did not
w.int to se*» his countenance in the
flosh, why did she keep its limned pre
sentment where it confronted her
daily? There could be only one an
swer to the query. She still loved
him.
Hugging that sweet impression to
his >=oul Mr. Carr went to 919 A Fol
som street last Sunday evening and in
conciliatory tone requested admit
tance. The response was a vinegary
negative, supplemented with a threat
that if he did not at once begone the
police would be summoned. At which
Mr. Oirr laughed softly and assured
himself that she didn't mean a word
of it, but was merely angling for fur
ther blandishment. Instead of giving
her g n ntle insincerity, however, he
committed the fatal indiscretion of
indulging in sarcasm and informing
her of his opinion that if she didn't
love him she wouldnt keep his pic
ture. An instant later the air was
freighted with articles of his wearing
apparel hurled at him from the win
dow and when the textile ammuni
tion was exhausted out came his por
trait. Then the window was slammed
shut.
Mr. Carr was viciously kicking his
picture and loudly proclaiming his in
tention to serve in like maner the perv
son who threw it at him when Pa
trolmen Thompson and Nolan took
him in for malicious mischief and dis
turbing the peace. Judge Fritz is re
serving sentence.
"You'll come with me," said Patrol
man Alpers to Patrick Bean, found
drunk and incapable of pedestrianizing.
"I'll do nothing of the kind," said Pat
rick Bean to Patrolman Alpers. But he
d<d something of the kind, and when
Judge Conlan said to him, "Guess I'll
give you thirty days." he retorted by
exclaiming "Guess you'll do nothing of
the kind." And again he was wrong
• • •
When the case of eleven women
charged with having visited a poolroom
in a Polk street stationery store was
called before Judge Mogan only six of
the defendants responded, so the bail
of the absent five, amounting to $20
apiece, was ordered forfeited and bench
warrants issued for their arrest. Four
of those who did appear in court were
middle-aged and did not attempt to
hide their features, but the remaining
two were young and thickly veiled. The
arresting policemen testified that they
made the raid after a woman in their
employ had purchased a ticket from
Mrs. Grace Schwartz, wife of the man
who owned the stationery store, but as
the feminine detective did not appear
to prosecute the case went over till
next Saturday. Mrs. Schwartz, charged
with having sold pools, has demanded
a jury trial.
May Hooligan. Margaret Brown,
Clara Smith and Frank Lawrence were
also accused of visiting a lottery place,
a dry goods store kept by John Doe
McDonnell at 3242 Mission street, and
the case was continued till to-morrow
after the Judge had delivered to the fe
male defendants some remarks which
they did not seem to relish.
"It's a deplorable thing." he said.
SCHOOL BONDS
TO BE BOUGHT
State Board of Examiners
to Bid for Series so Two
Buildings May Be Erected
WHALT WILL BE USED
Supervisors Order Paving
of Mission Street to the
County Line With Product
I
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
received information that the State
Board of Examiners will put in a bid
for $269,400 of the earlier series of the
municipal school bonds on February 20,
when proposals for v large portion of
the bond issue will be opened.
The bid will enable the board to erect
two of the most urgently needed
schools, which are considered to be the
Washington Grammar and Spring Val
ley schools. As the estimate of cost of'
each building is $110,000 there will be
ample funds for the erection of the two
schoolhouses, including the purchase of
additional ground in the rear of the
Washington School.
School Director Walsh asked the
Finance Committee to provide well
lighted rooms for the draughtsmen in
the City Architects office who are en
gaged in preparing plans for the new
school buildings. The committee
thought c-utside rooms should be rented
for the purposf, but postponed action.
The board allowed $1100 for the main
tenance of twenty-rive more beds in the
County Hospital. Dr. Ward said there
were 468 patients in the institution and
thirty on the waiting list. Ward Baid
there was a shortage of about $2800
left as a legacy from last year which
would have to be made up or the num
ber of patients would have to be re
duced. The Finance Committee decid
ed to look over Ihe salary roll of the
hospital before takinp any action.
The Board of Works was authorized
to expend $2400 for an oil plant in the
Hall of Justice building-
The ordinance adding St. Mary's Col
lege tract to the limits within which it
is prohibited to keep caitle, to become
effective on Mann 1 next, was finally
passed.
The ordinance prohibiting the keeping
of swine within the city limits, except
in Butehertown and the Union Stock
Yards 1 , to become effective on July 1
next, was passed.
The board passer! the ordinance au
thorizing the Board of Works to pave
with asphalt the roadway of Mission
street, from Onondaga avenue to Por
ter avenue, for which the sum of $80,000
was appropriated.
An ordinance was also passed to
print amending thp specifications for
street work so as to include asphalt in
the paving materials permitted to be
used.
Property owners filed protests against
a stable proposed to he built on Florida
street, between Twentieth and Twenty
first, and also KKdinpt the erection of a
factory and laundry on Erie street, be
tween Mission and Howard.
The Board of Works will meet the
Street Committee to-morrow at 4
o'clcck to confer about the inadequacy
of the funds for sewer and paving
work, the consequent laying off of a
number of laborers and the need of a
$40,000 appropriation to continue the
work.
I'amily How in Court.
A family row in a boarding-house
kept by J. A. Thompson and his wife
t^rminat^d in a suit for damages in
Justice of the Peace Daniels' court
yestenlny afternoon. The Hannas
brought suit against the Thompsons
to recover $299 which they aver is duo
them for damages sustained for de
priving them of the use of their
apartments.
According to the testimony on both
sides, the house was the scene of fre
quent quarreling. All parties con
cerned admit this and seem proud of
the fact. The Hannas say the Thomp
sons locked them out of the apart
ments and therefore deprived them of
the privileges which they paid for in
advance. The case took up all of
Judge Daniels' afternoon, and" after
hearing all the testimony he decided
to take the case under advisement.
Then the warring clans filed out of
the courtroom. Mrs. Hanna and Mrs.
Thompson are sisters, but they looked
daggers at each other as they made
their escape.
Our "think" box In at your service. Edward
Knowles CO., printer?. 24 Second st. •
Strasburg I'orfcits Bail.
I. R. Strasburg failed to appear in
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday and
the Judgr- declared his bail of $600
cash forfeited. A bench warrant was
issued for his arrest and his bonds
fixed at $3000. Strasburg and H. E.
"Whitehouse were awaiting trial on a
charge of obtaining $300 from Daniel
Mack on November 23 by falsely rep
rosenting that they owned an adver
tising business at 722 Market street.
Whitehouse was in court and the cases
were continued till to-morrow.
"to find wives of workingmen betting
their husband's earnings on horse
races, and it is also deplorable that
they are furnished convenient facili
ties for such gambling. I have no
doubt that the men who provide these
housewives with money to meet house
hold exoenses are unaware of the use
to which it is put, and I think that it
is an excellent thing to give publicity
to every arrest of a woman for pool
buying."
Eric Larsen returned from a coast
ing voyage to find his home closed
and dark and his wife missing, and
after searching far and wide he dis
covered her among the defendants
awaiting trial in Judge Fritz's court,
the charge against her being that of
drunkenness. Twice did he attempt to
open verbal communication with her
and twice was he repulsed by a vigi
lant bailiff, and then in Swedish dia
lect he loudly proclaimed his inten
tion to burst in the door of his domi
cile if he were not permitted to ask
her for the key.
"I thought it was the woman you
wanted," said the bailiff apologet
ically, handing the doorkey to the en
raged spouse.
""Wo-man nit," was the heated re
ply. "Aye ban vant no wo-man
nef-er no more."
Then he departed, key in hand,
leaving his helpmate to her fate.
"Wait till I set out of here and I'll
fix you," is what Edward Hass, ac
cused of wife-beating, was reported to
have hissed at his spouse as she passed
him in Judge Conlan's courtroom.
When the Judge heard the report he
promptly raised Mr. Hass' bail to
$5000 and ordered that he be
charged with assault to murder, as he
had attacked the woman with a razor.
Murine Eye Remedy. A home feure for
Eye troubles. Wins friends. Used for In
fant and adult. Murine doesn't smart. *
"MOTHER GOOSE" IS BEST
SHOW OF ITS KIND EXTANT
Great Spectacle for Children of All Ages
"Are You a Mason?"
/lakes Lauofiter
: (jL Afcazar,
It takes no prophet to foresee the fate
of "Mother Goose." that made its debut
here last evening at the Grand Opera
house. One can see the theater
swamped during the engagement by
conscienceful adults who have discov
ered it their duty to "take the chil
dren" — even if they have to borrow
'em. The circus was forgotten last
night, though one would rejoice in the
circus dictionary to describe the show.
Heroically that is what "Mother
Goose' is. a glittering, gloriaus, splen
diferous show, the best by miles of
anything of its kind ever seen "here. It
is Drnry Lane pantomime transplanted
to Third and Mission, and no home is
complete without it.
If there is a place jvhere another
nickel could have been spent upon the
production it does not show. Heading
the company— that cannot get on the
stage all at onee — is an excellent choir
of comedians. More of its 300 and odd
folk combine into a large and feather
rooted ballet. Another contingent
brings the big novelty of the) produc
tion in the aerial ballet, that sails
through the air as cheerfully as one
takes the car. These and the rest,
pretty, prettier and prettiest girls by
the score, are garbed in costumes of
an extravagant magnificence and
beauty that must be seen to be ap
preciated. The settings, too, are of
the utmost gorgeousness, stupendously,
tolossally, overwhelmingly — where is
that circus programme? — beautiful.
There is also an augmented orchestra
and a leader that has evidently led
before.
Nor is the management content with
this. They thrust upon you, further
much good music, real voices and
mints of fun, with people most hand
somely chosen to distribute it. Take
Joe «'awthorne. for example. Mr. Caw
thorne j s worth the price twice him
self. He has to interpret the strenuous
role of Mother Goose, who is contented
though Irish, and therefore obtains the
goose that lays the golden egg. Mr.
Cawthorne is of the sumptuously funny
folk. If he looks one way you laugh;
if he looks the other way you laugh,
too. You can't help it: neither can he.
Bui he is to be thanked for an enun
ciation that cuts to the gallery without
flaw, for a hard-working heel that does
smtif of the featheriest funny things
heels d<> and for a noble conscience.
His Mother Goose is one of the most
irresistibly comical figures that have
walked this way, whether he is spout
ing some of its gloriously silly puns,
sinKing "Social Eclat" or figuring in
the burlesque aerial ballet.
Harry Kelly again, who is what Fpr
ri« Hartman's baby is going to be like
some day— lf he stays at all like Ferris
— conies not at all far from Mr. Caw
thorne. He is the son of Mother Goose
In the piece and humorous no end. W.
H. Macart a-s a Scotch laird makes an
excellent third. With Clifton Crawford
thesf four worthies furnish a burleque
on Jhr military drama that is. hyster
ically funny. They conclude it with a
travesty on the barnyard quartets,
w ith thp "Old Oaken Bucket" as ma
terial, that is simply sinful.
Then there is Corinne as leading boy.
fitter and younger than ever and still
with the I— gs of the company. She
looms up in a most agreeably animated
fashion and — for pantomime— as a
graceful enough singer. Miss Neva Ay
mar as Miss Goose is a Dresden china
sort of person, and that way eminently
attractlve and pretty. Miss Aymar will
do well to limit her vocal ambitions to
the contralto scope— they are leading
her down, down, down among the
barytones. The other lady of the cast
is Edith St. Clair, also a taking and ef
fective person. As to the fairy queen.
Messrs. Klaw & Erlanger.with a Chi
nese faithfulness of imitation, have ob
tained the same kind of nice and not
too beautiful old lady that always does
the fairy queens at Drury Lane. One
could have stood an innovation here.
Walter Stanton does the Goose in most
accomplished way, and Dawe and Sey
mour furnish a hilarious horse.
The story moves through all kinds of
amusing specialties and brilliant
tableaux, the best of which closes the
second act. Here the stage is crowded
from end to end with lovely color and
form, and crowning it seven girls that
take flight into the air ancl there poise
COOL WEATHER
FOLLOWS STORM
Falling Temperatures Are
Reported From Southern
Portion of the State
LOS ANGELES, Feb. «.— The storm
which has hovered over Southern Cali
fornia for several days has passed and
has been followed by clear, cool weath
i er. Thje temperature to-night is the ]
I lowest of the winter and snould the
wind abate frost may fall in the low
lands. The mountains back of Pasa
dena are covered with snow, the result
of last night's precipitation, which in !
this city amounted to about an inch of |
rain.
Railroads have repaired the breaks
! caused by washouts and to-night it is
announced by both the Santa Fe and j
the Southern Pacific that many delayed I
trains will reach here to-morrow. The ]
Southern Pacific brought in several
long overdue trains to-day.
The total rainfall to date is 10.89
inches, compared with 1.63 at this time
last year.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 6.— Rain continues
to fall in showers. Last night .40 of an
inch was added to the fall, accom
panied by high wind. This morning a
heavy shower continued for two hours.
For the storm the figures are 4.23; for
the season, 9.02, an excess of 3.21 over
the hfty-year normal. All the big
reservoirs in the county are being fill
ed. The San Diego River is 200 feet
wide and four feet deep. The Tia
Juana River is 400 feet wide and five
feet deep. The rainfall in the moun
tains has been heavier than in this
city.
A unique feature of the present
storm in Southern California is a heavy
fall of snow, which has succeeded the
rain in the mountain regions. Several
of the ranges are covered by a white
mantle. Reports from Cuyamaca state
that the snow is nine inches deep.
like the seagulls round the ferry- Even
this does nut end the surprise. One of
them comes forward to the footlights,
darts upward over the audience clear
to the gallery, scattering: flowers by th»
way. It is an altogether charming il
lusion. There is, in short, every reason
not to miss "Mother Goose."
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Alcazar.
There are many laughs coming to
those who see Harry Hilliard at the
Aicazar this week in "Are you a Ma
son?" The stock company opened
with the play last evening. Hilliard
in his female impersonation was eas
ily the applause winner of the array.
At the end of the second act there
were as many curtain calls as Tetraz
zini gets after the mad scene in "Lu
cia" at the Tivoll and Hilliard was the
particular target at which most of the
plaudits were aimed. He was not Urn
entire show but was a large part of
it. The people who talk about the
play to-day will say more about him
than about all the others combined.
But Craig was brisk and not too fond
of horse play in the role of Percy.
Maher was funny as Bloodgood.
Conness as Halton was not bad. The
situations kept the audience in a
laughing mood most of the time. The
men in the cast> made more of their
chances than the women.
The demand for "Old Heidelberg"
is so insistent that it will Be revived
next Monday upon the same scale as
before and with the same cast. It
is the greatest artistic success in the
Alcazar's history. "The Middleman"
is postponed.
Central.
"A Fight for Millions" scored a great
success at the Central Theater last
night. The drama is full of sensa
tional incidents and the mechanical
effects are far above the ordinary, in
cluding a full-sized submarine boat, a
set of wireless telegraph instruments
and a locomotive. A genuine ovation
greeted Myrtle Vane, the popular sou
brette, on her reappearance after her
illness. She played her pare with her
unual vim. Juliet Crosby, as a true
hearted American girl, had a good op
portunity to display her versatility
and she was most acceptable. She
was. as usual, charmingly gowned.
Herschell Mayall played the part of a
persecuted Inventor who triumphs in
the end with the ability tfcat char
AD V fcLKTISEMILXTS. — %
I OUR FEBRUARY SALE I
■ marks the greatest saving opportunity 9
9 ever offered on the highest grades of i
I BRASS and IRON BEDS I
■ Every Brass and Iron Bedstead in the hoose is offered, including the pro- 9
■ ductions of Adams and Westlake for which we are the sole San randsco 13
■ - agents..- These are the best : makes of Bedsteads on ths market, perfectly If
■ wrought • from the • fineet materials. ""We have them *in beautiful brass M
B design» at $250.00, to solid, substantial Iron Beds at $4.50. s a v n P
■ For the next four days they will be sold at the M
I;. : Sensational :2(y*>oft ... I
Reduction of ZU^ Oil
H If you want a splendid bedstead 'at a phenomenally low • price, NOW Is O
■ your opportunity. «::ssaa3ss::ua i
I SALE ENDS FEBRUARY 10th J
I •Josjpredericks & (|. • 1
34-50ELLISST.m nn r a k?t
ONE OF THE -MEMBERS OF La
NOrVEAC BALLET IX MOTHER
OOOSK •
acterlzes all his efforts. Ernest HowHl
did a fine Diece of character work as
a pawnbroker and Henry Shumet
made a capital villain. James Corri
gan. as a tramp, and W-ilt«*r Shan
non, the new Juvenile, made a favor
able Impression. Julia Blanc, aa the
society matron, and Miss Edna Ells
mere, as the wronged wife, were both
excellent. Baby Martina as Little
Madge, was exceedingly clever. Th-»
rest of the oast was in capable hands.
The house was crowded to the I
and a bl* week's business may be ex
pected.
I-Tschcr's.
Some clever new features with a
few of the holdovers make up an ex
cellent bill this week at Fischer's. The
merit of the show is attested by the
large audience present nightly.
Columbia.
The second and last week of Willie
Collier in "The Dictator" began l=*at
night at the Columbia.
The Chutes.
The "Three Tourists." singers, danc
ers and comedians, made decided hits
at both performances at the Chutes
yesterday. James F. Macdonald, the
artistic singer and raconteur, proved
a capital entertainer. Ah«rn and Bax
ter gave a humorous acrobatic stunt.
Mr. and Mrs. John T. Chick pres
a new comedietta. 'The Sleeping
Lion." Marie Sparrow, the Irish < omo
dienne; Mabel Lamson. the popular
singer of illustrated songs, and the
Animatoscope, showing many amusing
moving pictures, completed a strong
programme. Charles Bigney. a dar
ing diver, takes a plunge of one hun
dred feet every afternoon and evening.
The feature of the amateur perform
ance on Thursday night will be a
ladies' wood sawing contest.