THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hours ending: midnight, Febru
ary - 21 :
San Francisco and — Cloudy
Tuesday: fresh south winds.
A. G. McADIB,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVn— NO. S3
BOODLERS'
EXPULSION
IS DESIRED
Investigators Find
Four Senators
Guilty.
Recommend That They Be
Expelled From the
Legislature.
Report Declares Emmons, Wright
Bunkers and French Sold Their
Honor for $350.
6pecl*l Dlepauh to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, *Vb. 20.— Expulsion
from the Senate is the fate of bribers
Emmor.s, Bunkers, French and Wright
as decreed in the report of the spec
ial investigating committee filed this
morning. None of the boodlers were
present when the report was read con
demning them to disgrace and denying
them the right again in this life to
hold a position of public trust. Em
znons was present when the Senate
convened and rising in his seat he
eummoned his remaining nerve and
requested th; ; French be
r-d the right to absent himself
[f was a pitiable effort on
Vt oC the man from Kern to ap
uncor.cerned and confident, but
the chair tuck him seriously and said;
"If there is no objection Senator
French will be « xcused for the day."
A minute later, just as the door had
i b» hind Emmons as he walked
panted by his
xh< report came that not only
h tor the day but that
■will excuse him and his companions
itne from attendance forever. As
• he report was in Bunkers en
.ant-at-arms' room. A
the judgment against him was
handecf in him. He looked it over and
•v think of it?" n*
I give a d — n," he answered.
"I know what they say isn't true and
th^y rant hurt my feelings by expel
rie." If Bur.kere appreciates the
diigTa^e that has fallen upon him he is
summate actor. But those that
him best say he does not appre
thftt hi? moral sensibilities are
deader than Thebes. After the filing
part Emmons. French and
Wrigl vision. Upon them
th« report had fallen as a stunning
blow.
The San Francisco Examiner also
came in for the condemnation of the
committee, which, referring to the part
tak^n by that pap*?r in the effort tc
undo the Continental Building and
Loan Association, said:
The San Francisco Examiner,
tivee, actively
• d sMd committee in preparing
n of the affairs of
intinental Building and Loan
n by advising with Senator
French, a member of said committee,
th< i\i; l>e subpenaed,
and furni- expert to assist in
eaid investigation." Thus is the Ex-
I > linked with one of the
d puilty of bribery in oon
n with his dealings with building
I U M of Pan Fran
<
ntna n - rkport.
When the chair called for the reports
<" ( .mmii - ' KtOT Bel
special investi
said:
at. I have here some
. at a recent meeting —
■ stimony of ftfr. Ma Nab, Martin
5 and myself— which 1 wish print
ed and appended to the testimony
ly in prim. I also \\ i?h to pre
* he findings of the committee ap
d to investigate the. charges of
y against Senators Emmons,
h. Bunkers and Wright. ' He
handed in the following report:
"Mr. President: Your special com
mittee on investigation appointed Jan
uary 30, 1905. pursuant to the follow
ing resolution:
rhereas, There has been this day
fled with the secretary of the Senate
;tir.g certain charges contained in
en affidavit which reflects upon the
honor and integrity of certain mem
•he Senate, in that it does
charge said certain members with cor
ruption, corrupt conduct and a willful
violation of their obligations as mem
bers of this body; and
" "Whereas, It is fit and proper that
the charges be fully investigated by a
ittee to be appointed by the pres
ident of this Senate; therefore be it
.esolved. That a special commit
tee of five be appointed by the presi
"f the Senate to investigate all
< harges and statements contained in
•:ng upon the honor,
and conduct of the certain
ere of this Seriate with relation
;.. th<- subject matter contained In
affidavit; and for that purpose
the said committee be and it is here
i;powered to issue all necessary
I to have full power to send
• ! sons, books and papers, and to
h i the attendance of any and all
witnesses within this Stale
and require the production of any and
papers, books or docu
r that the r>c*vers herein
Kiven may be fully carried out: and
\all report the result of its
_ n to this Senate at the
ble moment.' beprs leave
following report:
<■ met immediately
■ liliffently prosecuted an inquiry
hareres made in the affidavit
. DHara Corhin, filed in the Senate
January 30. 1905, and mentioned in
resolution. Numerous sessions
held and many witnesses were
'Tarr.ined. some of whom would not
have been material in a court of law,
but It was deemed v.ise by your com-
Continued on Page S, Column 1
The San Francisco Call.
MARCONI WILL HAPPY
A DAUGHTER OF ERIN
He Chooses Miss Beatrice O ' Bnen
Wedding Set for
ttie Middle of
Coming Month
Bppclal Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 20.— One of Guglielmo
Marconi's chief worries has been thp
constant variety of girls to whom the
newspapers have engaged him to be
married. Excepting the German Crown
Prince and the King of Spain the
genius of wireless telegraphy has been
betrothed by rumor oftener than any
man living. Since the report that he
was to wed Miss Alire Roosevelt,
American girls have not appeared in
the Marconi list. Last week it was the
Princess Ruspblf of Turin, the report
arising doubtless from the fact that
Marconi was- then making a Hying trip
to Turin. This week it is Miss Beatrice
O'Brien. The peculiarity about the
O'Brien rumor is that it is true.
Marconi did not intend to have the
news published, and \n hen it first came
out. he smiled at it in his usual sphinx
like fashion and in consequence it was
taken for granted that tho story was
without foundation. He admitted to
day, however, that the news is correct.
The date of the wedding has been set
for March 15.
All of the women with whom rumor,
from time to time, has coupled the
name of the wireless wizard have been
pretty girls. Miss Beatrice O'Brien is
described as a beautiful woman. More
over she can boast a royal pedigree.
She is one of the eight sisters, all
pood-looking, of the fifteenth Baron
Inchiquin and can claim descent from
the famous Irish monarch, Brian Bo
roihome. who was King of the Emerald
I Fie fr^m 1002 to 1014, when he was
slain at the head of his army at the
battle of Olontarf. His grandson. Tur
logh. King of Munster, had four sons,
whereof the third was the progenitor
of the Barons 4 Inchiquin. One of Tur
logh's descendants, Connor O'Bryan,
was King of Thormond in 1529, and it
was his brother Murrough. who. after
usurping his kingship, surrendered to
H<-nry the Eighth and was then made
Earl of Thormond for life and also
given the Inchiquin barony.
A century later the barony developed
Into an earldom, tke £fth holder, of
whi<*h saw it convertecf into a mar
quipate, that of Thormond, which
passed away, however, with the third
holder, while the other titles became
dormant. It was Sir Lucius O'Brien,
nfth baronet of an Irish creation of
1656, in whose favor the claim to the
Inchiquin barony was made good a lit
tle over forty years ago, and his son
was the father of Marconi's bride
elect.
She is possessed in a marked degree
of th<* pprightllness, wit and vivacity
characteristic of the Irish tempera
ment. There is a certain appropriate
ness in Marconi's choice of an Irish
lady for his wife, for his mother was
of that nationality, although as every
body knows, his father was Italian and
he was born in Italy.
• •
LAWSON'S
ONSLAUGHTS
MAY CEASE
Rogers Said to Have
Purchased Im
munity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Feb. 20. — Stories are cur
rent here that Thomas W. Lawson haa
at last effected a settlement with H.
H. Rogers over the $1,000,000 or more
that Lawson has always claimed Rog
ers owed him for services rendered,
and it is rumored that nothing more
need be feared in the stock market
from Lawson's Amalgamated revela
tions. The March number of his
■Frenzied Finance" does not disprove
this rumor.
Two months ago Lawson was
offered $500,000 to call "quits," but
he demanded $1,100,000, claiming this
was the amount due him on certain
deals. It is said that he cleared from
$1,200,000 to $2,000,000 out of his re
cent stock market operations.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— Denis Dono,
hue, financial editor of the New York
Commercial, who has been running in
a magazine a series of articles, "The
Truth About Frenzied Finance,"
which are in reply to the statements
of Thomas W. Lawson about financial
conditions, was arrested to-day on a
warrant charging criminal libel, issued
upon complaint of Herbert Gray of
Haver hi 11. Mass.
ROBBERS OF SOUTHERN*
HOTEL MISS A FORTTJXE
Five Minutes Before Crime Was Com
mitted Clerk Takes $6000
I-Yoni the Safe.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 2<J.— Had the
men who .on Saturday afternoon
robbed the safe in the office of the
Hotel Angelus committed the crime five
minutes sooner they would have se
cured J6OOO instead of $830.
Five minutes before the theft one
of the clerks took $6000 from the safe,
and, accompanied by a porter for a
guard, went across the street and de
posited the money In the bank. It wag
in currency, most of it in $100 bills.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY J2l, 1905.
YOUNG IRISH WOMAN OF FAMOUS FAMILY, TO WHOM MARCONI IS EN
GAGED. AND WHO WILL BECOME THE WIFE OF THE WIRELESS TELE
GRAPH INVENTOR ON THE FIFTEENTH OF NEXT MONTH
DEMANDS
HOME RULE
FOR ERIN
LONDON, Feb. 20.— 1n moving as an
amendment to the address in reply to
the speech from the throne the decla
ration' that "the present system of
government (of Ireland) is opposed to
the will of the Irish people," John E.
Redmond led the Irish party in the
House of Commons to-day in an attack
that contained for the Conservative
Ministry more of menace than lay in
the fiscal debate precipitated by As
quith's amendment last week. The
Redmond amendment was carefully
calculated, in fact, to undermine the
Government's majority. Interest in the
debate was intensified by a well defined
report in the lobbies, and which quick
ly spread elsewhere, that the Earl of
Dudley had resigned the Lord Lieuten
ancy of Ireland. This report, which
was given wide credence, gave heart
to the Nationalists, who made the at
tack cm the Earl of Dudley one of the
features of their speeches. Late to
night the Earl's secretary declared the
rumor unfounded.
Redmond's speech was an uncom
promising demand for home rule. He
directly and unsparingly charged in
dividual members of the Irish admin
istration with incompeteney. Both
Redmond and Moore (Irish Unionist),
who followed, made a special point of
what they termed the "shameful
treatment" of Sir Anthony MacDonnell
in connection with the now famous
difference in the Ministry over the re
form scheme.
"Ireland," he declared, "ia governed
by a bureaucracy more devoid of re
sponsibility than the bureaucracy of
Russia, which England is so fond of
denouncing."
Armed revolt, he said, would be jus
tified if a chance of success existed.
Moore, who spoke in behalf of the
Irish Unionists, was as bitter as the
Nationalist leader himself in his con
demnation of the present Government,
which, Moore declared, was held in
contempt and disgust by a million and
a quarter of loyalists who have been
driven to revolt by the policy of glam
or and promise without performance.
Wyndham, Chief Secretary for Ire
land, delivered a straightforward ex
planation of how the unfortunate mis
understandings involving MacDonnell
arose. In doing so. he paid a splendid
tribute to Sir Anthony MacDonnell,
Vho, he said, was asked to accept the
post of Under Secretary, not in the
capacity of an underling, but as a
wise and able colleague. Wyndham
said he had given MacDonnell a free
Jjand to <ttal with the situation. They
JIU JITSU
WRESTLERS
DEFEATED
special Dispatch to The Call.
WEST POINT, N. V., Feb. 20.
The cadets saw to-day a demonstra
tion of jlu jitsu through the courtesy
of Japanese Consul General Uchida,
who accompanied two wrestlers to the
academy. The academic board is
making an investigation of the art
with a view of installing it as part of
the athletic education of the cadets.
Professor Tomito Loki and his as
sistant gave an exhibition. After he
had displayed his prowess with his
assistant, Cadet Woodbury volun
teered to wrestle the assistant and
soon had a fall to his credit, although
the Japanese outweighed him. Cadet
Tipton, the football center, next took
n turn with the professor himself.
Tipton pinned the little Japanese to
the mat.
had discussed the situation together.
He knew that MacDonnell and Lord
Dunraven been considering a re
form scheme, but he did not know all
the terms of their plan. "Wyndham
said:
"1 had often discussed reforms with
MacDonnell, who with his Indian ex
periences found analogies between my
ideas and ideas he had formed in In
dia. Here came the first soiirce of se
rious misunderstanding. I, with a
colossal ignorance of Indian affairs,
did not know that a semi-elective coun
cil exists in India, and therefore it
never occurred to me in my conver
sations with MacDonnell that he had
in mind any board partially elected
as part of the reforms of which
I approved. If I had thought he had
any such idea I would have told him
that it was, in my judgment, quite im
practicable."
Wyndham said he was absent for a
holiday when the revolutionary scheme
was published, and that, when he re
turned, without consulting MacDon
nell, he wrote to the papers denouncing
the elective council feature. Wynd
ham said the Cabinet never had doubt
ed MacDonnell's loyalty, but simply
had recorded itself as not approving
the action of an Under Secretary, who
had approved of a scheme without
first submitting it to his chief. Wynd
ham admitted that MacDonnell per
haps was justified in taking his ap
proval for granted.
The night session was taken up by
T. W. Russell, Winston Churchill and
others, who bitterly aqsailed the Gov
ernment's management of Irish affairs
and the Earl of Dudley's administra
tion.
ENTOMBED
BY A MINE
EXPLOSION
Scores oi Workmen
Believed to Have
Perished.
Many Hours Must Elapse
Before Rescuers Reach
Tbeir Bodies.
Disaster Occurs at the Birmingham
Property of the Alabama bte:l
and Wire Compmy.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Feb. 20.— 8y
an explosion in the Virginia mine,
about eighteen miles southwest of
Birmingham, at 4 o'clock this after
noon, between 110 and 135 union min
ers were entombed, and it is believed
that the entire number suffered an
awful death. Scores of vigorous res
cuers are at work digging into the
mine to relieve their friends and com
rades on the inside.
The explosion is believed to have
been caused by an accumulation of
gas, although the mine has heretofore
been noted for beiner entirely free from
dust. It is believed that, as the entire
quota has probably been killed, the de
tails of the cause of the disaster will
never be known.
The camp is almost isolated from the
rest of the world, as there is no tele
phone station at Virginia and the only
wire running to the place is a dt&
patched wire of the Birmingham Min
eral Railway, on which Virginia is \o
cated.
The class of miners employed was
the best in the district and all be
longed to the United Mine 'Workers of
America. Since tha strike has been
on in the Birmingham district many of
the most industrious and thrifty min
ers of Pratt City and other important
mift+nsr points have removed to- the
Virginia mines, so that the mines were
being worked to their full capacity by
the most skilled miners in the com
munity.
Relief trains with surgeons and
workmen were dispatched from both
Birmingham and Bessemer as soon as
the news of the disaster was received.
They began the work of succor before
6 o'clock, but at midnight had not dug
half way through the mass of debris.
It i^ believed that it will be 10 o'clock
to-morrow before the interior of the
stope is reached.
The stoDes are well arranged, and
there has never been the least trouble
in the mines before. They are owned
by the Alabama Steel and Wire Com
pany, but are leased and operated by
Reid & Co.
President Edward Flynn of the Ala
bama United Mine Workers and Na
tional Committeeman W. R. Fairly,
together with J. E. Allier. district or
ganizer, ha\t left for the scene. Pres
ident Flynn said >before leaving that
there were 135 men employed in the
mine regularly, but as yesterday was
pay day he could not say whether the
full quota was in the mine at the time
of the disaster or not.
EXPLOSION KILLS FOUR.
Disaster at Ohio Mine Also Injures
Fourteen Workmen.
ST. CLAIRSVILLE, 0.. Feb. 20.—
Four men are dead and fourteen in
jured, five of them seriously, as the
result <Jf an explosion to-day -of a
stationary boiler at No. 1 mine of the
Provident Coal Company, near here.
The dead: William Adams, president
of the local branch of the United
Mine Workers of America; Eli Minty,
engineer, aged 26, married, of St.
Clairsville; Michael Meili, aged 36, of
Glencoe, Ohio; unknown Hungarian
miner.
HOTEL IN BOSTON FILE&
SUIT AGAINST HEARST
Demands Pay for Refreshments Con-
sumed by His Campaign
Boomers.
BOSTON, Feb. 20. — The Hearst per
petual candidacy for President is re
ceiving some debilitating jolts from
Massachusetts. Following Congress
man John A. Sullivan's public drub
bing of Hearst comes a suit against
Hearst by the Hotel Revere of Bos
ton to collect a campaign bill.
The Revere management, at the be
hest of Granville McFarland, George
Fred Williams, "Jerry" Watson and
other similar statesmen during the
last Presidential campaign, allowed
the Hearst boomers to consume Re
vere House liquor and food to the
value of $241. Hearst refused to pay
the bill, hence the suit.
DR. HARPER ONCE MORE
SUBMITS TO EXAMINATION
Surgeons Said to Have Concluded
That He Has Cancer of
the Colon.
CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— Dr. William
R. Harper, president of the University
of Chicago, to-day submitted to an
other examination at the Presbyterian
Hospital, where he was taken to await
an operation on Wednesday. The sur
geons refused to make any statement;
of the result of their examination, but
it is said they have reached the def
inite conclusion that Dr. Harper has
cancer of the colon.
Composer Lame Passes Away.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20. — Albert Larue,
well known among musicians and
musical publishers as an arranger and
composer, died to-day at his home
here of pneumonia. He arranged the
scores of many of the musical comedy
successes produced here in recent
years.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Merchant of Yen
. ice Rgfg
CALIFORNIA— "Uncle Tom' ■ Cabin."
COLUMBIA— "The Earl of Paw
tucket.'*
• CENTRAL— "A Ride for Uf»."
CHUTES— Vaudeville. 3
GRAND— "Mother Goose."
LYRIC HALL— BiBDham Concert.
ORPHEUM- Vaudeville.
TIVOLJ-jGrand ODera.
SIXTY YEARS IN PRISON
FOR AN ARMY MAJOR.
HARD FATE OF CARRINGTON
Convicted of Having Falsified Vouchers
to the Philippine Government
MANILA. Feb. 21.— Major Carring
ton, who. was convicted of falsifying
vouthers'of the civil government to the
amount of $1500. was to-day sentenced
to a total of sixty years and five days'
imprisonment. He was sentenced on
five separate counts and the sentence
on each charge *as twelve years and
one day.
Major Carrington practically mads
no defense, his attorneys raising tech
nical points only.
The case will be appealed to the Su
preme Court of the islands and if the
decision there be adverse to the appel
lant the Major will appeal to the Su
preme Court of the Tnited States.
Major Carringtun was accused of
misappropriating funds in the Philip
pines that had been sent to him to
pay thf necessary expenses of getting
his battalion of Philippine scouts in
condition to be taken to the St. Louis
fair. It was also charged that he had
falsified his accounts in this connec
CLEVELAND CITY COUNCILMEN
ACCUSED OF TAKING BRIBES
Mayor "Tom" Johnson Names Two Fellow Dem
ocrats as Among the Alleged Culprits
CLEVELAND, 0., Feb. 20.— 1n the
City Council to-night Mayor Johnson
directly charged Councilmen Dewar
and Wilke. Democrats, with having
accepted bribes from the Cleveland
Electric Illuminating Company. At the
same time Mayor Johnson charged that
the votes of all the Republican raem
oers of the City Council had been in
fluenced by contributions from that
company to the last campaign fund of
the Republican organization and to the
campaign expenses of the Republican
candidates for the City Council.
The charges are the outcome of
Mayor Johnson's allegation of two
weeks ago that the recent defeat of
the ordinance to annex the village of
South Brooklyn to the city of Cleve
DEPEW HELD
TO BLAME
FOR LOSSES
Accused oi Being a
Party to Fraud
in Klondike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— Less than
thirty stockholders of the Ladue Gold
Mining Company of the Yukon, hold
ing proxies for 10,000 more stockhold
ers, met to-day in Jersey City, and
after making threats to sue several
prominent men once identified with the
company, appointed a committee to
confer with the new officers of the
company when elected and report to
the stockholders on April 21.
The company was organized in the
boom days of the Klondike by the late
Ladue. formerly of Plattsburg, N. V.,
one of the founders of Dawson City
and its first Mayor. It was capitalized
at $5,000,000 and among the original di
rectors whom Ladue interested in his
project were Senator Depew. Thomas
C. James, Smith Weed, W. J. Arkell
and John Carstensen. formerly con
troller of the New York Central and
Hudson River Railroad. None of these
men are now on the board and none of
them attended to-day's meeting aa
stockholders.
It is alleged by many of the stock
holders that the company, instead of
owning valuable mining property, has
only a vast tract of valueless Alaska
land and a few cheap buildings. They
state that they invested in the com
pany, relying upon the names of De
pew and others as a guarantee of the
honesty of the enterprise. It Is charged
that the only dividen* ever paid by
the company was not paid from the
earnings, but from tfce capital. For all
these reasons these stockholders think
that the original directors, including
Senator Dapew, can be legally and
equitably called upon to make good
their losses.
SUPREME COURT ALLOWS
SEA PAY FOR SHORE DUTY
Passes on Test Ca.se Which Concern*
Chief Kiiginer of the
Navy.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Justice
White to-day delivered the opinion of
the Supreme Court in the case of the
United States vs. Albert C. Engard.
Chief Engineer of the United States
navy, involving the question as to
whether a naval officer can collect sea
pay for shore duty. In this case the
auditor for the Navy Department re
fused to allow traveling exbenses on
an official trip to Ohio and return.
This decision waa overruled by the
court.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
tion. Carrington's accounts when sub
mitted to the Government were incom
plete and he was called upon to render
a full statement with the vouchers
attached. He delayed, and after pre
paring his battalion of seoute brought
them to San Francisco on their way
to St. Louis.
Major Carrington remained in San
Francisco for some time before going
to the fair with his scouts. He was
extensively entertained and made a
large number of friends while here.
He gave exhibition drills at the Pre
sidio which showed his skill as a drill
master.
It was while Major Carrington was
in St. Louis that the Government had
him placed under arrest. A close In
vestigation made in Manila had re
vealed wholesale falsifications in his
accounts and the major was ordered la
return to Manila to answer the charges
against him.
He left San Francisco for th« Philip
pines early last summer, stating at the
time that he had no fear of a trial aa
he had done no wrong.
land had been T>rou*ht about by un
due influence. At last Monday night's
meeting of the Council the Mayor re
peated his statements of alleged bri
bery and of undue influence, but gave
no names. His accusations were de
nied with much emphasis by several
of the Republican Councilmen and spe
cific charges In writing were demand
ed. These were made to-night.
. - The Council Immediately adopted a
resolution to investigate itself and
City Solicitor Newton D. Baker, a
Democrat, .was appointed prosecutor, of
the investigation. The resolution em
powers the City Solicitor ,to subpena
' ■witness»«*rarMj* i " fVu any 90099 or
j other documents which may be >>i
I value in proving or disproving the*
I Mayor's charges.
STEAMSHIPS
AID DOCKS
IN FLAMES
Big Loss by Fire on
• the Charlestown
Piers.
BOSTON, Feb. 21.— A fire that causea
immense losses broke out on pier 4 of
the Hoosac Tunnel docks at Charles
tov.n early this morning. It is be
lieved to have started from spontan
eous combustion. The flames commu
nicated with the Furness-Leyland
steamship Phlladelphian. which waa
tied alongside the pier, amd in a few
moments the vessel was afire from
stem to stern.
From the Phlladelphian the flames
Jumped over to the steamship Dalton
Hall "of the Antwerp line, which was
soon ablaze. It is believed that the
crew of the Dalton Hall escaped.
Th« Phlladelphian. arrived here on
Saturday from Liverpool. The Dalton
Hall was laden with a valuable cargo
and was to have sailed to-morrow.
Piers No*. 3 and 4 have been de
stroyed and the steamships Michigan
of the Warren line and Martello are
threatened. It is believed the loss will
be nearly $1,000,000.
The burned piers were stored with
valuable imported goods. At 2:30
o'clock this morning? the flames were
under control.
LEOPOLD WINS SUIT
BROUGHT BY DAUGHTER
Court Denies Her Claim to Portion of
the Property of the
King.
BRUSSELS. Feb. 20. — The Court of
Appeals to-day gave judgment in fa
vor of King Leopold in the protractor!
lawsuit instituted by his daughter, the
Princess Stephanie (Countess Lonyay)
and the creditors of Prim-ess Louise
of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Th<» for
mer claimed that she was entitled un
der the Belgian law to half of the
property of the late Queen Marie Hen
riette and to half the King's property
on the death of the Queen. The lower
court decided that King Leopold's
marriage contract, which provided for
separate estates, was a diplomatic in
strument superseding the Belgian law.
This decision was confirmed by the
Court of Appeals.
Admiral Wilde Retires.
BOSTON, Feb. 20.— P^ear Admiral G.
G. "Wilde. U. S. N.. waa to-day retired
from active duty after forty-three
years' active service. Admiral Wilde
turned over the command of the
Charlestown Navy Yard to Captain
Albert S. Snow, pending further orders
from the Navy Department.2
OIL TRUST
HARD HIT
ON MARKET
Stock Suffers Big: Decline
as a Result of Proposed
National Investigation and
HM Trouble in Kansas
TWENTY-ONE POINT
DROP IN A WEEK
Oklahoma and Missouri Now
Han to .Join in th« War
\irainst the Methods of
lh<' Standard Interests
Siiecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20— As a result
of steps taken against the Standard
Oil Complny in Congress and in Kan
eas, Texas and elsewhere, the stock of
the company has declined extensively,
especially on the curb. The stock
broke six points to-day, selling down
to $610 a share. One week ago Stand
ard Oil was selling at $646 a share.
During the interval a quarterly divi
dend of }15 •came off' the stock. Al
lowing for this deduction, the net de
cline D the stock within one week has
been twenty-one points. There is of
Standard stock $100,000,000 outstanding
and a shrinkage of twenty-one points
makes a reduction in the market value
of $21,000,000. Standard Oil is not an
active stock. To-day's dealings
amounted to 134 shares, made up of
small lots. Small as this quantity is,
the total is above the day's average
trading in the stock.
GUTHRIE. Okla.. Feb. 20.— A bill
providing for a territorial oil refinery
has been prepared by Representative
Mcßride and will be presented in the
House. The measure will also. it is
said, compel any corporation operating
in the Territory to sell its product at
an equal price throughout the Terri
tory- Governor Ferguson is said to
favor a measure similar to that recent
ly passed in Kansas.
OTTAWA. Kans.. Feb. 20.— J. D.
Phillips and W. B. Todd, independent
oil operators of Warren, Pa., were here
to-day talking to the oil men regarding
a proposed $3,000,000 oil refinery to be
established in St. Louis. Eastern capi
tal is ready to build the refinery, the
Pennsylvania men claim, as soon as
thr- proper encouragement can be re
ceived from the Kanssjß oil producers.
They are also waiting on the outcome
of all the oil bills now before the Legis
lature. " %
INQUIRY BY KANSAS.
TOPEKA. Kans., Feb. 20.— Kansas
may make an independent investiga
tion of the Standard Oil Company's
operations in this State. The Legis
lature may also make demands of
Congress regarding Indian Territory
oil leases. Senator F. Dumont Smith
has prepared a resolution, providing
for the appointment by the Legisla
ture of a committee to investigate the
charges filed with the Commissioner
of Corporations at Washington, by the
representatives of the Kansas Oil Pro
ducers' Association.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 20.— The
Missouri Legislature may be asked to
take up ■ Kansas' fight against the
Standard Oil Company. Representa
tive Lyons of Kansas City has. it is
tiiid, agreed to introduce in the House
at Jefferson City the maximum freight
rate ill and the bill making: oil pipe
lines common carriers. As soon as
copies of the bills passed by the Kan
fe:;s Legislature are received, a number
of Kansas City men interested in the
Kansas field will go to the Missouri
capital in the interest of these meas
ures.
I!)K\T Will. HELP.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20. — Repre-
Ptntative Campbell of Kansas, the
author of the resolution providing for
an inquiry Into the operations of the
cii interests of the country, had an
extended conference with President
r.oosevelt to-day regarding the in
vestigation. Campbell presented to
the President considerable informa
tion bearing upon the matter which
he has received since the adoption of
his resolution. 4
He informed the President that he
had received from the Speaker of the
House of the Texas Legislature a tele
gram urging him to request the Presi
dent and the Department of Com
merce and Labor to extend the pro
posed inquiry to the methods of the
Standard in the Beaumont fields of
Texas. He also told the President he
had received hundreds of telegrams
and letters daily from all sections re
gnrding the investigation.
The Standard Oil Company, Camp
bell informed the President, already is
ring it? defense and will resist to
the utmost rhe Government's investi
gation.
President Roosevelt assured Camp
btU that all of the power of his ad
ministration np^essary would be used
In the investigation he is undertaking
through the Bureau of Corporations
into the affairs of the Standard Oil
Company, to the end that the small
producer, dealer and consumer alike
shall have fair treatment, and that at
the same time no injustice shall be
done the Standard Oil Company or
eny other concern.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. -.nri. Bleeding or Protruding Pile*.
Ycur druggist will refund money If PAZO OINTM
ENT falls to cure you In C to 14 days. 50c. •
GUTHRIE. O. T. Feb. 20.— The- Maxwell
bill creating a board of railway commission- '
ers was passed by the lower house of the
Legislature to-night by a decisive vote of
SO. to 3.
nn^^ ADVERTISKMEXTS. I,
ijTgk ar • A 1 '■' ■'"
Profit *
Sharing Sale
Sale Makes Large Saving Come
Now On Housekeepers Early
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help You
CITY STOKES:
361 Market St. 3006 16tn St. 146 Ninth St. 206 Third St. -
213 Butter St. 2516 Mission St. 469 Fourth St. ; 3285 Mission fit.
1419 Polk St. 8008 Plllmore St' .705. Lark St. 52: Market St.
355 Hayes St. 475 Haiarnt St. w 2732 24th St. 366 Third St.
140 Sixth St. 1819 Devieaflero St. 521 Montjromery At*. '
OAIXaVS. AXAMEDA AKD SEtXELET STORES:
1053 Washing-ton St. *• 1610 Seventh St. Berkeley. 2141 Center St.
1185 23d At«, '. : :* 616 E. :12th St. Alamea-, 1355 Park St. '
LARGE SUM
WED FOR
NAVY YARD
House Passes Bill Carrying
$1 75,000 Appropriation for
Mare Island to Enable
It to Build the Collier
MEASURE CALLS FOE
TWO BATTLESHIPS
Seven-Hour Session Held and
Republicans and Demo
crats Cast Aside Party
Lines in Debate on Question
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— TJie House
to-day, after a seven-hour session,
passed the naval appropriation liill.
OUiytag a total of $1<9. 914,359. The pro
vision for two battleships, as reported
by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
was retained. Both majority and
minority were badly divided over the
proposition, at lea6t forty members of
the latter going over to the Republi
<;ins. while about an equal Dumber of
Republicans roted with th«- opposition.
Several important changes in the bill
«'"ri' adoptc-d. The proposed increase
Ot IL'OO men and officers for the Marine
Corps was stricken out as was also the
provision authorizing the construction
of a collier somewhere else than at
the Marr- Island navy yard in Cali
fornia. In order to do the work better
an item of $175,000 was inserted for
the proper equipment of the Mare Inl
and navy yard. For contingent ex
panses of the Marine Corp*, the ap
propriation was reduced from $215,000
to *\.-..000.
• >n a point of order by 801 lof Cali
(l rnia. the provision giving the Sec
retary of th<- Navy power to build else
where on the Pacific Coast the collier
authorized by Congress at the last ses
sion was stricken out. That action im
mediately was followed by th<> adoption
of an amendment by Knowland of Cal
ifornia providing for an appropriation
of $175,000 to equip the Mare Island
navy yard for building the collier.
SKNATF WORRIED OVI.K
STATEHOOD CONFEREES
Long Debate Takes Place as to Which
Members Shall Be
Appointed.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— Whether
f h< Senate conferees on the statehood
bill will represent the party that de
feated joint statehood for Arizona
and New Mexico, or the party that
fought for the retention of that provi
(?i< n. was debated at length in the
Senate to-day, but no decision was
reached. The usual manner is to
name as conferees the two ranking
majority members and the ranking
minority member of the committee
having the bill in charge. In thf* pres
ent caFe it waa contended by Gorman
and Teller that the conferees, if so
named, would not represent the senti
mtnt for the bill as passed by the
Senate.
NO RAILWAY LEGISLATION
KXPECTKI) THIS SKSSIOX
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20. — Presi
dent Roosevelt, who for weeks has
hoped that some definite action might
be taken at the present session of
Congress on the railroad rate ques
tion, practically has relinquished the
idea of securing legislation this win
ter. It is not reasonably certain that
he will not call an extraordinary ses
sion of Congress to meet in the spring,
bu: unless he changes his mind he will
call Congress together, probably next
October.
Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— The fol
lowing named assistant surgeons are
relieved from duty in the Philippines
division, to take effect on the dates set
opposite their respective names or a;
soon thereafter as practicable, and
will then proceed by the first avail
able transport to San Francisco,
where they will report by telegraph
to the military secretary of the army
for further orders:
Captain William H Wilson, May 12. 1905;
Captain William W. Quinton. May I'D, IMB,
First Lieutenant Eugene H. Whltmore. May
12 190S- First lieutenant Robert W. Patter-
May 12, 1906; First Lieutenant Rnderic
F O'Connor May 12 1W»; First Lieutenant
Conrad E Koerper May 12. 1905; First Lieu
t<nant Paul S. Halloran. May 12. 1905: First
Lieutenant Perry L. Hoyer. May 12 130.*)-,
First Lieutenant Roger Brooke Jr.. May IL\
IfH)T,: First Lieutenant George" P. Heard, May
•.'.; First Lieutenant James F. Hall. May
2f>. UK>R; Firsjt Lieutenant Kent Nelson. May
20 lftOf, ; First Lieutenant James M. Phalon.
May 26 1905; First Lieutenant Charles A.
Ragan May 26. 1906; First Lieutenant Wil
liam P Woodall. May %%, 1906; First Lieu
tenant Ernest L. Ruffner, May 26. 1905.
The following transfers of post com
mlspary sergeants are made by the
Pe< retary of War: Samuel H. Ed
wards, now at Fort Logan, Colo., to
tha office of the purchasing commis
sary, San Francisco; James O'Connor,
now nt the office of the purchasins
commissary at San Francisco, to Fort
Logan, Colo. The sergeants thus trans
ferred will be sent to the stations
designated, reporting upon their ar
rival to their respective commanding
officers for duty. The leave of absence
granted Colonel Alfred C. Girard. as
sistant surgeon general of the Depart
ment of California, is extended on»
month.
Navy orders — Warrant Machinist A.
D. Catherwood has been ordered to
the Union Iron Works at San Fran
t isoo for duty as assistant to the in
spector of machinery at those works.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1905.
WEBER'S COUNSEL MAKES
FINAL PLEA TO JURY
Cfopuence of Johnson Is Brought to
Aid of Accused Youth.
Webb Defends Mrs. Snowden
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, Feb. 20.— "1t seems to me
that I can hear the angel voice of
Mary Weber calling out to this Jury,
Spare my first born, spare him who
caused me my first pain and my first
joy. Adolph never hurt me; do not
kill an innocent boy." " These were
the words with which Attorney John
son closed the argument for the de
fense in the Weber case this afternoon.
They were delivered in a most dra
matic manner.
For a minute or two after their ut
terance a great hush filled the court
room. Adolph sat unmoved. His
manner was as stolid as usual. After
a short recess Attorney General Webb
began the closing argument for the i
prosecution. For an hour Webb talked, j
his remarks being listened to with !
great interest. I
The crowd that attended to-day's
session of the court was much larger
than usual. The majority of the spec- i
tators were women. They began ar- ;
niving at 8 o'clock this morning. Many
of the women wore white dresses and I
large picture hats, giving the court- |
room the appearance of a theater ■
rather than a tribunal where a life was j
at stake.
Attorney Johnson resumed his argu- i
merit at 9 o'clock by attacking Pawn- I
broker Carr, whom he described as a j
second Fagin.
Charles H. Reimer, the detective
bfred by the prosecution, also came
in for a scoring at Johnson's hands, j
as did District Attorney Robinson.
Johnson said:
SCORES PROSECUTION.
When Gf>n«?rKl Webb made his opening state
ment for the prusvoutlon, Carr, and his testl-
RioB) ami lii> revolver were kept in thr back
ground. They were sprung on the defense
When ih<- prosecution thought the case was so
far along that it would be Impossible for us
t'. Introduce, evidence to Impeach such testi- |
monr. We will, however, leave Carr to the
tender mercies of the orimirinl courts of San
Francisco. This revolver is a bis link In this
chain of circumstantial evidence. Without
testimony we would have asked his
Honor for a nonsuit.
Johnson here introduced a time-card
about two feet square. -upon which was
printed a memorandum of the time of
the events in which the defendant par
ticipated between the hours of 5:30 and j
7:42 on the night the Wehers were mur- :
dered. One of these cards was pinned !
upon the wall where all the spectators J
would see it and duplicates were hand- j
ed to the jury. Referring to this card
Johnson said:
Judging by tne statements made by the
prosecution and according to th*> various times
as taken by them. I say it is an utter impos
sibility for the defendant to have committed
the* murders. You will not* that at 5:30 the
family was alive and well, according to the
wstmimy of little Francis Snnwden. You
will aIRO notice that at 6 o'clock Zoe M. !
Ilagi r heard ihc piano playing. Mrs. A. Rech- |
eninacher stated oa the witness stand that she
heard Bertha Web-r playing the piano about
p:SP. According to the testimony of May
Clark. Adolph passed her house In Brewery
lpne somewhere between fi:."!0 and 6:40. This
testimony alone precludes the possibility of the
defendant having committed this hideoun
crime. I believe some ol this testimony to be
perjured testimony, and upon this presump
tion it would be judicial murder to hang that
boy. It would be a stain upon the county of
Placer.
Attorney R"bin«!on and Sheriff Keen'a did
winnK in lockinK Adolph Weber in r room the
'lav lfter the tragedy and forcing a state
ment from him. They told the defendant that
the statement would not be used against him,
aid the boy having no one to advise him, made
a voluntary statement of all he knew about
t*ie terrible crime. His attorneys were obliged
tn almost kick the door down before Sheriff
Keei.a would let them in. This boy has been
confined in Jail more than three months, and !
the Sheriff has allowed people to go in right
and left. It was r.o doubt the intention of
nnnie of thes» persons to try and make Weber
•ay (something. They hoped to catch him in j
ar. untruth. But he said nothing, for he had |
nothing more to say. He was like Dreyfus; |
he knew ho was innocent.
SPEAKS OF REVOLVER.
Now I come to the weapon found in the
Weiv-r barn. It was never placed there by
the defendant, but by seme one influenced by
hut*, or money. Clarence Geear did not see
the hair on that revolver. It took the micro
scopic eye of Detective Relmer to Bee that
hair, assisted by the equally microscopic and
distended eye of fnder Sheriff May. Why, if
the defendant put the revolver in that barn
he would have been the biggest fool on earth.
Nnw. It is not nil impossible that this hor
rible deed was done by some person In that
house. Julius Weber was a man of violent
te-nper. He mlsrht have done it. I don't say
he did. He could have shot the mother, daugh
ter and little boy in a- fit of anger, and then
realizing the enormity of the crime killed
h'nisf-lf. Hefore killing himselT he could have
set fire to the house; he could then have shot
himself In the bathroom and dropped the pistol
into the cesspool.
Now jurymen, remember that this case reet*
on circumstantial evidence. To-night when
you are home alone and with your God, think
this matter well over. As I am standing here
before you, I think I can almost hear the
4ngi»l voice of little Earl saying to yon:
"Dolphy nevtr hurt me, spare his Ufa." I
can almost hean the voice of sweet Bertha
saying. •'Dolphy did not hurt me, spare him."
I can hear the gruff voice of the stern father
saying, "It was not Adolph who did this deed,"
ana last of all I can hear the gentle voice of
his mother saying, "Spare my first born; spare
him who. caused me my first pain and Joy.
Adolph never hurt me; do not kill an Innocent
boy."
General Webb opened the argument
for the prosecution shortly after 3
o'clock. He scored Attorney Johnson
for his attack on the District Attor
ney, Sheriff Keena and Under Sheriff
May. AM these men, he said, were
honest, reliable and trustworthy. They
were known to be so throughout this
whole county or wherever they had
ever been. Continuing, Webb said:
District Attorney Robinson came to me and
urged me to come into this case, and that Is
the reason I am here. I have known Johnson
fo- many y<ars. I have always admired him
for his brilliant attainments, for his magnifi
cent powers, his eloquence, his logic Hnd his
fairness. I admired him all along In this case,
up to the point, when, holding the weapon that
was found in the Weber barn up before the
Jury, he stated that he did not believe the
revolver had been put there by Adolph Weber
When I heard him say that he "would not
if he were a Juror, convict a man on cir
cumstantial evidence," I could not believe my
own err«.
DEFENDS MRS. SXOWDEX.
Duriug his eleven hours' recital he has
I chosen to use the license of a lawyer to ques
tion the Integrity of men in this prosecution
that he would not dare use outside of a court
room. If the prosecution had for one ln
' stant even thought of getting testimony of
the kind that Attorney Johnson has hinted
■ at, and if they had got men who would swear
i to such an ouirngeous proceeding, they might
j possibly have got men who would have sworn
that they "saw the defendant coming out of the
i burning Weber residence Immediately after the
commission of the crime with a smoking re
v. Her still In his grasp. Why. Jurynvn. It is
preposterous to think for ore second that any
ol these men connected with the prosecution
; would swear away the life of an innocent boy.
Court adjourned at E o'clock, and at
| the request of General Webb and with
the approval of the Jury It reconvened
at 7 o'-clock. A great number of spec
| tators remained in their seats and had
| their dinners sent to them.
General Webb spoke for two hours
'at the night session. He defended Mrs.
: Snowden in the attack that Attorney
Johnson made on her and stated that
j Adolph could will his money coming
from the estate to any. one he chose.
1 This would make Mrs. Snowden's
chances very remote. The defendant
heartily laughed at thi .:. statement.
When court opened at 7 to-night
everybody connected with the case was
present except the defendant's attor
neys. Judge Prewett refused to allow
the case to proceed until one of them
should appear. After waiting ten min
utes the court ordered the Sheriff to
bring one of the lawyers into court.
Only one, Ben Tabor, could be found.
Attorneys Johnson, Pullen or Tut
tle did not appear. Much comment was
caused by this extraordinary action of
the attorneys, and it was the subject
of criticism throughout the town to
night. Tabor twice raised objections
to some of Webb's statements and was
each time overruled.
BAKER ASSAILS
THE PRESIDENT
Eccentric Congressman Ex
cited Over Message of Con
dolence Sent to Kussia
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— 1n the
House to-day Baker, the eccentric
member from New York, condemned
President Roosevelt for sending to the
Russian Government a message of
sympathy on account of the assassina
tion of Grand Duke Serglus.
"I declare," he vehemently re
marked, "that the American people are
not shocked by the killing of Grand
Duke Sergius."
The killing of Grand Duke Serglus,
he declared, was but 'an effort of the
Russian people to overcome the ty
ranny that had suppressed them."
General applause was accorded Mad
dox of Georgia when he declared that
the Democratic side of the House did
not approve "of this damnable assas
sination." He said the Democrats be
lieved in fair rights.
"We do not believe in slaughter," he
said, "and we do not believe in this
business which caused the slaughter
of the Grand Duke Sergius."
In the course of his remarks Baker
referred to the refusal of the House to
adjourn out of respect to the Russians
killed on the streets of St. Petersburg
on January 22.
With particular reference to this
subject Grosvenor of Ohio was bitter
in his criticism of Baker. Baker's ac
tion he declared to have been unpre
cedented. Had adjournment been' tak
en, he said, it would have been a
meaningless and stupid exhibition of
ignorance. The House and the 'world
knew that the American Congress did
r>ot sympathize with riot and unneces
sary bloodshed. There was no doubt a
strong critical opinion of the acts
there, but he said no intelligent man
would suggest that Congress express
an opinion on the subject. Grosvenor
ventured the assertion, and received
liberal applause in doing so, that if a
vote of condemnation of the President
was offered by any resolution of Baker
it would not get a vote except the lat
ter's own.
The House at this point returned to
consideration of the naval bill and the
incident was believed to have been
closed, but Baker unexpectedly inter
jected himself into the debate to read
a resolution declaring it to be the sense
of the House that the President did
not express the will of the American
people in sending a message of con
dolence to the Russian Government.
Baker excitedly asserted that he had
been told that If he introduced the
resolution a motion would be made to
expel him from the House. Rushing
down the aisle and waving the re^sp
lution in his hand he deposited it in
the box provided for such measures
and defied any one to make a motion
to expel him.
"Make it now," he shouted. "Expel, :
expel, expel; I tell you. Introduce your
motion to expel."
The House overlooked Baker and
continued its discussion of the naval
bill.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postal Changes Affecting California
and New National Bank
Officials Approved.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20. — The fol
lowing fourth-class postofflces in Cali
fornia have been commissioned to
Issue money orders: Barstow, Annie
Gooding, postmaster; Floriston, Mich
ael O'Brien, postmaster.
A special mail service has been es
tablished to Keewallk. Alaska. Otto
Schellenberg has been appointed post
master at Bernando to succeed Emil
Schellenberg, deceased. Hattie Reas,
postmaster at Success, to succeed
Henry Witt, resigned.
Bids were opened to-day at the
Treasury Department for metal shelv
ing for the postoffice at Oakland. The
lowest bidder was the Art Metal Con
struction Company of Washington, D.
C. at $625.
The Comptroller of the Currency
has approved changes in national bank
officials as follows: The Commercial
National Bank of Los Angeles, Philip
L- Wilson, vice president; the South
western National Bank of Los Angeles,
George J. Denis, vice president, H. B.
Kay and E. D. Elliott, assistant cash
iers; the Redlands National Bank,
Redlands. H. H. Ford, president, in
place of K. C. Wells, C. C. Ames, cash
ier in place of H. H. Ford, no assist
ant cashier in place of C. C. Ames;
the American National Bank of San
Diego, H. C. Keller, vice president in
place of Charles E. Summer, H. E.
Mills, vice president; the First Na
tional Bank of Sonora, Douglass Wat
son vice president in place of A. A.
Grant.
Smoot Report Postponed.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20. — No re
port will be made Jn the Senator
Smoot case during the present Con
gress. This has been agreed upon by
the members of the Senate Committtee
on Privileges and Elections.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Brorao Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Uon each box. 26c*
COMPLAINT
IS SERVED
ON WITTMAN
Police Board Sets Forth in
Specific Form Charges of
Incompetency and Neglect
of Duty Against Chief
CONGRESSMAN KAHN
TO BE HIS ATTORNEY
Accused Is Eager for Trial
Friday Night, but Secre
tary Boyne Thinks Case
Cannot Be Beached Then
♦
The Police Commissioners required
much time to deliberate on formulat
ing the charges against Chief of Police
Wittman of incompetency and neglect
of duty and not till 9 o'clock last night
were they ready for service. The sus
pended Chief was found at his home,
1231 Taylor street, at 10 o'clock, and
the chafing of impatience to know just
what allegations he must answer was
at last relieved when the papers were
served.
It was Wednesday night that the
commission resolved to make accusa
tion against Wittman because he had
failed to suppress gambling in China
town, but he was kept waiting for the
charges in specified form as long as
was allowed the board without invad
ing his charter right to five days in
which to prepare his defense, the trial
being set for next Friday night.
Chief Wittman expressed eagerness
yesterday to see the charges. He has
called at headquarters every day since
Wednesday night, asking Secretary
Boyne whether the charges were ready.
"I should like to have the charges
served as early as possible," declared
Wittman yesterday, "so I can find out
just where I am at and what I must
make answer to. I want to go to
trial as soon as possible. I am ready
now and at no time shall ask for a
continuance. Even if the board does
not serve in time to allow me the five
days I am entitled to, I shall waive
any right to a delay. I want to go
ahead Friday night.' Congressman
Julius Kahn 1s the chief's attorney.
But Secretary Boyne said he could
not see how the board could take up
the Wittman case on Friday evening
because of the large amount of busi
ness on the calendar ahead of it.
As to the report that the commission
could not dismiss Wittman from the
department, but had only the authority
to oust him from the command of the
force, the Chief gave it as his opinion
that the board has full authority to
sever his connection with the force
altogether.
"It is true that I was simply taken
from the rank of captain and made
chief," he explained, "without any
resignation or other formal action that
would put me outside the pale of the
regulations as to permanency of ser
vice. But the Commissioners certainly
have the right to dismiss me alto-^
gether under the charges of ineom-'
petency, if they choose to do so."
The following are the charges pf the
commission against Chief Wittman:
INCOSIPETEXCY ALLEGED.
Now comes J George Boyne. secretary of
the Board of Police Commissioners of the city
and county of San Francisco, and charges that
George W. Wittman. .Chief of Police of said
c-lty and county of San Francisco, is and at
all the times hereinafter mentioned was in
competent to perform the duties of the office
of Chief of Police of said city and county
and specifies the following acts and conduct as
the basis of such charge of incompetency. to
v.-it:
That during all the times herein mentioned
said George W. Wittman was and still is the
duly elected, qualified Chief of Police of the
city and county of San Francisco and as such
Chief of Police had sole and exclusive control
and direction of the police officers and mem
bers of the police department assigned to duty
In that part of the city and county of San
Franclaoo known as Chinatown, which is more
Bijxticularly bounded and described as follows:
On the north by Paciflc street, on the south
by Sacramento street, on the west by Stockton
street, and on the east by Kearny street.
And more particularly that Jie was in the
sole and exclusive control of a certain squad
or police consisting of five police officers and
one sergeant of police specially detailed In
said "Chinatown" to prevent and to suppress
unlawful gambling In Chinatown Rnd especially
tc, prevent and suppress the playing of the
game of fantan and other gambling games.
That said squad of police including said
officers and sergeant operated under the ex
clusive, sole and direct authority, control and
direction of said George W. Wittman. Chief
of Police.
GAMES RAN FREELY.
That from the 7th day of November, 1904.
to and including the 29th day of November,
1904. there were in active operation in said
Chinatown many open and notorious gambling
places wherein said unlawful game of fantan
and other unlawful games were operated and
conducted and which places were openly and
notoriously resorted to during all of said time
for the purpose of gambling and of playing
said unlawful game of fantan and o.her un
lawful games.
That such gambling places were conducted
and maintained openly, notoriously, and with
the knowledge of the sergeant of police and
police officers detailed in Chinatown as afore
said.
That as such Chief of Police It was the duty
of 3aid George W. Wittman to know the con
ditions existing with reference to said gam
bling places in Chinatown during such period
and it was his duty to exercise proper super
vision over the same and over the police offi
cers and sergeant detailed for duty in that
section of the city, and to suppress and pre
vent the existence of such gambling places
and the continuance of euch gambling.
That notwithstanding his duty as aforesaid,
the said George W. Wittman did not exercise
such supervision and did not prevent or sup
press the said places of gambling or such
gambling, but on the contrary allowed surh
places to be maintained and to be conducted
openly in violation of law and did not sup
press or prevent such gambling or take any
measures whatever looking toward such sup
pression or prevention.
Wherefore this complainant charge* the said
George W. Wittman as such Chief of Police
with being inefficient and incompetent to hold
the said office of Chief of Police or to con
tinue to exercise the functions thereof.
NEGLECT OF DUTY.
And for a further and separate cause of
complaint the said J. George Boyne, secretary
of the Police Commissioners of the city and
county of San Francisco as aforesaid, charge*
the said George W. Wittman as such Chief of
Police with breach of duty, to wit: neglect
to perform properly the duties of Chief of
Police of said city and county, and as basis
of such' charge avers as follows:
That during all the times herein mentioned
It was the duty of aald George W. Wittman
ac Chief of Police to suppress and prevent the
continuance of such gambling places and of
such gambling. ...
That during all said time he had the power,
authority and necessary police officers so to
suppress and prevent such gambling places
and gambling from continuing, but notwith
standing the same he failed and neglected to
suppress or prevent the continuance of euch
gambling places or of such gambling or any
part thereof, but permitted the same to con-
That in bo doing said George W. Wittman
■ s Chief of Police was negligent In the per
formance of his duty and was guilty of neglect
and breach of his duty ac Chief of Police.
That the conduct and acts hereinabove com-*
plained of in each of the charges hereinabove
specified was and is In violation of the rule«
and regulations of the Police Department of
the city and county of San Francisco In such
cases made and provided.
Ca J. GEORGE BOYNE.
Secretary of the Board of Police Commission
ers of the City and County of San Francisco.
POINT ARENA LIBELED.— Robert A. Si
mon filed a libel yesterday in the United
States District Court against the steamship
Point Arena to recover $1719. alleged d&mag*
to cargo.
ACT REPEALS
THE LICENSES
Supreme Court of the United
States Passes on Case
Concerning California
AXTI-TRI'ST LAW HOLDS
Kansas Statute Declared to
Prevent Combination in
Order to Boost Prices
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— 1n the
< cases of Flanigan vs. Sierra County ,
and Wheeler vs. Plumas County the
Supreme Court of the United States
held that when the Legislature of Cal- !
lfornia repealed the act authorizing
county boards in that State to re
quire a license from all persons doing
bMtom within their respective areas,
it also repeals the licenses imposed
under the act. This decision reverses
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. In Flanigan's case
$2500 as license fee on sheep was In
volved and he waa relieved from pay
ment.
Chief Justice Fuller handed down the
decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case of the North
ern Pacific Railway Company vs. Ely,
reversing the decision of the Supreme
Court of the State of Washington. The
proceeding was one of many institut 1
ed by the railroad company to quiet
title to its right of way. The decision
was favorable to Ely.
The Supreme Court overruled the de
cision of the United States District
Court of Montana in the case of the
United States vs. the Montana Lumber
and Manufacturing Company and the
Northern Pacific Railway Company, in
which it was held that the Govern
ment could not enforce penalties for
timber cut on unsurveyed public land.
The validity of the Kansas anti-trust
law was to-day upheld by the Supreme
Court of the United States in an opin
ion by Justice Brewer in the case of
Edmund J. Smiley, plaintiff in error,
vs. the State of Kansas. Smiley in
1900 was secretary of the State Grain
Dealers' Association, and the allega
tion in this case was that he organ
ized the wheat dealers in the town
of Blsnn, Rush County, into a trust
to control the price of wheat at that
place. The Supreme Court of the State
sustained the prosecution against him
and Justice Brewer's opinion upholds
that verdict. He based his decision on
the ground that the law was in har
mony with the power of the State to
control its own police affairs "and there
fore not antagonistic to the Federal
constitution.
BARD'S UnXAH BILL
AMENDMENT ADOPTED
Provides That No Part of the Fund*
Shall Be l/sed for Sectarian
Schools.
WASHINGTON, FeD. 20. — The
i Committee on Indian Affairs to-day
adopted the amendment to the Indian
i appropriation bill offered by Senator
Bard of California, as follows:
That no portion of the fund* appropriated by
this act, nor the principal or interest of any
Indian trust or tribal funds, held by the L T niie<l
• States for the benefit of any Indian trlba,
iihaH be available, nor be «*pended for the
'support ot any sectarian or denominational
, school.
San Franciscans In Washlnsrton.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20. — The fol
lowing San Franciscans arrlvefl here
to-day.
J. C. Campbell, at the Arlington;
Percy V. Long, at the New Willard.
DOAN'S PILLS.
A MEASURE Of MERIT j
San -Francisco "Citizens Should /Weigh
Well This Evidence.
Proof of merit lies in the evidence.
Convincing evidence in San Fran-
cisco
Is not the testimony of strangers,
But the indorsement of San Fran-
cisco people.
That's the kind of proof given
here—
The statement of a San Francisco
citizen.
Mrs. W. Heine (W. Heine em-
ployed in the Examiner) of 3007
Fillmore street, says: "It is impos-
sible for me to say too much in fa-
vor of Doan's Kidney Pills. I have
the best of reasons for this. I suf-
fered from an attack of kidney j
trouble in the winter of _ 1002, caus- i
ing pain across the small of my back
and down through the loins. "It!
finally grew so bad that I could
scarcely turn .or move without en-
during a most agonizing twinge, and
often as the pangs shot atross my
back I almost exclaimed. Just be-
fore I used Doan's Kidney Pills I
was so helpless that for two days I
could only get about the house with
the aid of a cane. There must be i
some merit in Doan's Kidney Pills,
for they , gave immediate relief. A
short ; course of the treatment
stopped that particular attack*, v I
now know what to do should others
recur."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. V.,
sole " agents for : the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and >
take no other. : ; . , '.
EXAMINE YOUR dentifrice
Acid and grit, deadliest enemies of the
teeth, abound in cheap dentifrices. Fine per.
fumes do not make fine dentifrices. Your
teeth deserve better of you than to be offered
up a sacrifice to your pocketbook.
SOZODONT
is' of proven value. Sixty years is a pretty ,
good test. No acid, :no grit "in Sozodont.
The Liquid penetrates the little crevices and
purifies them; the Powder gives a bright i
and polished surface. " I
3 FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER, PASTS.
For Sore Throat, Asthma,
Bronchitis, givo ; prompt .
relief. '. Moid only In boxmm.
j ADVERT K.N
Pears'
44 Beauty is but skin-
deep" was probably meant
to disparage beauty. In-
stead it tells how easy
that beauty is to attain.
"There is no beauty
like the beauty of health"
was also meant to dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
i Pears' Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
f .:" Sold all over the -world.
I DISEASES OF MEN
V^^B^fl SSBa^^^^^^aW
va\ *v ». ' s^af * r^BsHav
Oarmoilrrn and op>to^tat<> thod*
for the certain and sp«eay cure of *itri<-tar«
Rapture, Piles. Blood >'ai«<>n. Nerv-
ous Debility and Contracted Disorders
have won for us thousand* of testimo-
nials from patients who have been enred.
V«.rlcoe#le, we treat by our improTed
medical vibratory method, where others
the knife. YV« inane* bond a« a guaran-
tee to core all cases we undertake-. Our im-
proved French Cones for the treatment of
the Injured Prostate never fail. Any man
suffering from Weakness and wno is I'ml*--
▼eloped can obtain from us (free by mail
our 10 clay's special treatment and illustrated
chart describing the cause and effect of Lost
Vitality and Weakness. Recent cases
cured in one day by the French Dilating
and Irrigating .Method.
Correspondence private. Consultation FREE.
the DR. TALCOTT co.
1140 MARKET ST.
Opp. Hale's Ban Francisco. Cal.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Cleanses and beautifies the
teeth and purifies the breath.
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
Very convenient for tourists.
PREPARED BY
STATEMENT
OF TUB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
GERMAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PEORIA. IN THE STATE OF ILLI-
NOIS, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1904. and for the' year ending on that day. ae
made to tie Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 810 and Oil of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. ■ . . ■
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ...$300.000 00
ASSETS. ~ ~""~
Real Estate owned by Company.... 121.000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgage* 381.881 10
Cash Market Value of an Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... I'KT "HE 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledg*
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities ai collateral... 44,011 M
Cash la Banks 127.837 47
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans &230 83
, Intercast due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8.678 OS
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion . 6».0«4 «i
Bents due and accrued 240 00
Realized from consolidation of Ger-
man-American National with Com.
Germ National ' Bank of Peorta.
111 5.000 m
Total Assets -»7-tt.Ma 33
UABTLTTTES.
i Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense - 121. 7 C» M
Grose premiums on Fire Risks ran-
ning one year or less. $342,219 49:
reinsurance SO per cent ITt.lCs) 21
' Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $3a%V-
707 97; reinsurance pro rata 71 0. 544 10
Total Liabilities Mas..tB2 0*
rNcosre.
: Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $510.214 83.
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 20.C00 U
' Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Leans and from
all other sources 7.799 71
Received for Rents . &i 10
Total Income ....$533,717 73
HEBe expenditures. ""
Net amount ' paid for Fir* Losses
(including $17.9»« CO. losses of
previous - years) ....'■. $318,391 28
Dividends to Stockholders 27.000 0O
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 142.904 «7
Paid ■-' for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for offlcers, clerks, etc... 5.412 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 8.29183
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 21.326
Total Expenditures $524,326 55
- ; ' ■'■ Fire.
Losses Incurred during taa> . $320.0U) 00
! Risks and Premiums. l Fire Risks. I Premium*
I Net amount of Risks .
written v during the
, - year/,.....* $40,370,402 $623,412 10
Net amount of ' Risks!
expired during the
year ..:...•.. 23.599.887 444,89016
- Net amount In force
December 31. 1004.1 55.787.644 650.924 46 ■
■ BERNARD CREMER. President.
CHAS. • CRKMER. Secretary.
Subvert bed and swem to before ■ me. this
l"th day of January. 1905.
SAMUEL L. RICIIARDSOX.
tSMBgBBBB? Notary Public. -
GUT TE & FRANK, Genera! Agents
iti California St M Saa Francisco.
Cal $1.00 winJORDAN'S TALE OF CORRUPTION RECEIVES CREDENCE
COMMITTEE'S
REPORT STUNS
ACCUSED MEN
Pope to Rally Friends
and Defeat Final
Humiliation.
londmed from Pace 1. Column 1.
mittee to follow this course for the
sake of developing every feature of the
subject matter.
"From the evidence before üb, after
careful deliberation, we respectfully
eubmlt the following findings:
"First— That the appointment of the
Senate Committee on " Commissions
and Retrenchment and the placing of
Senators Rmmons, French, Bunkers
and Wright thereon came about in
the due and ordinary course of Senate
organization and without ulterior mo
tive, particularly as to Hon. AJden An
derson, Lieutenant Governor, who
made such appointments in entire
good faith and uninfluenced by any
other motive than a most equitable and
economic apportionment of committee
work, and that the San Francisco Ex
miner had no part in the 'creation or
Institution of said committee or the ap
pointment of said Senators thereon.
Second — That no agreement existed whereby
Senator Bunkers wae to receive a municipal
appointment or other preferment if he 'would
do his utmost against tbe Continental Building
*r<l Loan Aaaoclation.
Third— That the San Francisco Examiner,
through Its representatives, actively assisted
said committee in. preparing for an Investiga
tion of the affairs of the Continental Building
an.; Loan Association by advising with Senator
French, a member of said committee, as to
the witnesses to be eubpened and furnishing
an expert to assist in said investigation.
Fourth That on the 24tn day -of January,
3905, In the city of Sacramento. Senator E. J.
Emmoni, a member of this senate, did receive
and accept from one Joseph S. Jordan the
sum of three % ■-'■ '. ana fifty dollars in
t'niled States currency upon an understanding
that the official action or saifl Emir.ons ■•
*uch Senator urou'd be Influenced thereby .in
the manner following, viz.- That said Em
rr.oßs, as such Senator, would favor and pro
tect the interests o' the Phoenix Savings,
Building and Lean Association, and the Rent
ers* Building and Loan Association, two cor
;■' rations whose business methods were then
about to be investigated by the Committee en
Commissions and Retrenchment.
Fifth — That on the 24 th day of January.
1905. in the city of Sacramento, Senator Harry
Bunkers, a member of this Senate, did re
ceive and accept from one Joseph S. Jordan the
euhi of three hundred and fifty dollars In
United States currency upon an understanding
that the official action of said Bunkers, as
each Senator, would be influenced thereby in
the manner following, viz. ; That said Bun
kers, as euch Senator, would favor and protect
the interests of the Phoenix Savings, Building
acd . an Association, and the Renters' Build -
Ing and Loan Association, two corporations
whosw. business methods were then about to
fr* investigated by the Committee on Commis
sions and Retrenchment.
Sixth — That en the 25th flay of January, In
the city of Sacramento. Senator Frank French,
a member of this Senate, did receive and ac
cept from one Joseph S. Jordan the sum of
three hundred end fifty dollars In United
Stau-y currency upon an understanding that
the official action of said French, as such Sen
ator. v.-ould be influenced thereby in the man
nef following, viz. : That senator French, as
each Senator, would favor and protect the in
terests of the Phoenix Savings, Building and
7. '-an AMsofJation. and the Renters' Building
snd Loan Association, wo corporations whose
business msthiKis were 'then afcout to be inves
tigated by the Committee on Commissions and
Retrenchment.
Seventh — That on th« 25tn day of January.
19C5. in the city of Sacramento, Senator Elf
Wright, a member of this Senate, did receive
and acceft frcm one Joseph S. Jordan the
sum of three hundred and fifty dollars in
1 United States currency upon an understanding
that the official action of saJd right, as such
Senator, would be Influenced thereby In the
manner following, viz.; Tljat said Wright, as
such Senator, would favor and protect the in
terests cf the Phoenix Savings, Building and
Loan Association, and the Renters' Building
and Loan Association, two corporations whose
business methods were then about to be inves
tigated by the Committee en Commissions and
Retrenchment. .
Eicbth — That at the time said moneys were
paid to ««ch of the Senators, above mentioned.
Joseph S. Jordan was acting as the agent and
representative of Clarence Orange, the secre
tary °f the Phoenix Savings. Building and
Loan Association, and the money in each In
stance wan received and accepted by said Sen
ators as bribe money, with the improper and
corrupt understanding upon the part of each
of s^id Senators. In consideration of such pay
ments, that his personal und official favor
end protection would be accorded to said two
corporations in their official investigation be
fore said committee. :'•>«•"
■ conclusion, your committee
rs E. J. Tlr
French and Eh Wright
... • -• nate of the State
lorr.la, and so recommends.
SILENCE PREVAILS.
The report was read amid the pro
foundest silence. When the clerk had
ided his reading many of the
>rs looked at one another a«
'-h uncertain as to what to do,
■ne a score aroee and
•<1 into the corridor. Senator Bel
shaw first broke the silence.
"I move," he said, "that considera
tion of this report be postponed until
next Thursday morning and that it
: ;>ecial order. There yet
remains some testimony to be printed
and perhaps it is the de=ire of all that
have this before them before dis
n on tbe report corr.^s up." There
o dissenting voice and it was so
ordered. ,
Asked why the committee had found
that Bunkers had received $350 when
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PHYSICIANS EVERYWHERE
Know the Valu£ of Pyramid Pile Core.
"Gratitude alone prompts me to tes-
tify to the efficacy of Pyramid Pile
Cure. Last March I bought a dollar
package at the drug store, which cured
me of bleeding piles, and I was a suf-
ferer from them for eight years; but I
had not been troubled with them since,
until last September, when I gave birth
to a baby girl and after that I had a
very severe case of protruding piles,
which a trained nurse said was the
worst case the ever saw and my doc-
tor told me to get Pyramid Pile Cure
again which I did and was completely
cured in three days. I have not had
piles of any kind since and it is all
owing to this wonderful remedy. My
nurse took a box, which I was glad
to be able to give her. for I know she
v.ill be able to help lots of suffering
people whom I could never r see or
know.
"I recommend 'Pyramids' wherever I
know of any one suffering as I did. It
gjves me great pleasure to be able to
E ay lam entirely cured, which my doc-
tor says is true. I say God bless Pyra-
mid Pile Cure." Fr^m a former great
sufferer, Mrs. F. Ancott. 1206 Unity
street.'. Frankford, Philadelphia, Pa.
This remedy, which is "sold by drug-
gists generally, in 50-cent and $1 pack-
ages, is in a suppository form, is ap-
plied directly to the parts affected and
performs its work quietly and pain-
lessly. Its value is evidenced by the
testimony given above and we urge all
Eufferers to buy a package now and
give it a trial "to-night/ Accept no
substitutes and remember that there is
no remedy "just as -<'<1." A little
book on the Cause and Cure of Piles is
published by •he Pyramid Drug Com-
pany. Marshall. Mich., and will be sent !
tree to any address. ,
gENATORS Bunkers, French, Wright and Emmons sold their
honor for $3 each. Such is the verdict of the special committee
appointed by the Senate to investigate the charges of bribery brought
against these four Senators by William Corbin. The findings of
the committee were made public yesterday in a report made to
the members of the Senate in which it is declared that the four
Senators have brought disgrace upon the Legislature of the State of
California and should be punished by expulsion from their seats
in the Senate. It will require a two-thirds vote of the upper
house to expel the Senators. Action on J;he report was deferred
until Thursday, but it is believed that the committee's recom
mendation will be carried out, notwithstanding that the accused
men will make a hard fight to prevent the disgrace.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY SEYMOUR
ATTACKS DEFENSE OF BOODLERS
Official Cites Authorities Sustaining the Validity
of Indictments Against Senators,
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 20— District
Attorney Seymour argued before Supe
rior Judge Hart this morning in reply
to ex-Senator Morehouse's points in
favor of the demurrer to the indict
ment returned against the four bood
ling Senators — Emmons, French,
Wright and Bunkers.
"The defense has laid much stress
upon the importance of this case," said
Seymour. "The prosecution is neither
overwhelmed nor carried away with
the importance of it. There have been
before this court causes of more grave
import, though probably not attracting
so wide public attention as this one.
Opposing counsel may know at the
outset that the prosecution will pro
ceed with the utmost fairness and
with the same desire to meet only the
demands of Justice that would prevail
in any other case it had to deal with."
Th^ District Attorney then took up
the contention of the defense that as
bribery was a statutory on>nse in Cal
ifornia, decisions of other States where
the common law covered it could not
be considered. "If bribery under the
some of the testimony was to the ef
fect that he had protested to Jordan
that the roll he received was $50 short,
Senator Belshaw said:
•Jordan testified that he gave Bun
kers $350. We believe that he did; that
the roll was not short."
"Well, the end has come," said one
of the San Francisco delegation. "We
stood by the accused in favor of giv
ing them the right to be sworn, but
we can go no further. We have fol
lowed them to the end of the wharf,
l.ut we will not jump overboard for
them. We have ourselves to look out
for."
So it is that the now condemned
bribers are being deserted by their last
defenders. When it comes to the vote
they will have but very few friends in
court. Their expulsion will come next
Thursday, and disgraced forever, they
will turn from the Capitol to othrr
paths of endeavor, honest or dishonest,
as they choose, if, indeed, the doors
of the penitentiary do not close upon
them.
ACCUSED DESERTED.
There was a scurrying this after
noon on the part of the disgraced Sen
ators to rake uv sufficient force to
prevent them from being expelled when
the vote on the committee report is
called next Thursday, but they were
not successful. From now on till the
final day they will use every influence
they possess to gain votes, only ten
besides their own being necessary to
save them. It requires a two-thirds
vjte to expel a member of the Senate.
A careful canvass was made this
afternoon by legislators that know
pretty well the temper of the lower
house, and they say the boodlers will
be able to secure only five votes out
side of their own if, indeed, these five
do not lose their nerve at the last mo
ment and decide not to run the risk of
going to their political graves with the
accused. There is no question, how
ever, but that the vote will be pre
ceded by a v. arm dfbat^, hut many
members of the upper house have been
known to talk one way and vote
another when they saw the odds were
against them. It is the general opin
ion that this system will prevail when
Thursday comes and that some of
those that enter most actively into the
debate on behalf of the boodlers will
give way when they see the avalanche
approaching and vote with the major
ity to oxpel the men that have dishon
ored themselves and cast a reflection
upon the entire Senate.
STATE EXPENSES HEAVY.
Ways and Means Committee Makes
Report on Appropriation Bills.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 2 0. — After
several weeks' work the Ways and
Mean? Committee presented the gen
eral appropriation bill to the Assem
bly Just before adjournment late this
afternoon. The measure was ordered
printed in the Journal at the request
of Chairman Stanton of the commit
tee and was made a special order for
next Thursday night. The total
amount of the bill is, in round num
bers, 87.500,000, exceeding the Con
troller's estimate by nearly $500,000.
ParticularTy noticeable in the bill
is the large appropriation that has
been made for the maintenance of
San Quentin penitentiary. The
amount set aside for running expenses
for this institution is $396,352, as
against $60,000 given for support two
years ago, and $207,920, as against
$120,000 for salaries two years ago.
The reason given for the increase is
that instead of allowing the Prison
Board to handle the funds accruing
from the sale of jute bags the sums
will be turned over to the State treas
ury.
The University of California is giv
en $200,000, its full share, which is
in excess of the constitutional tax levy
of 2 cents.
An entirely new item appropriates
1 12,000 for the support and salaries of
officials and employes of the proposed
State Hospital for Insane Convicts.
The item of the State's portion of
the salaries of Superior Court Judges
was s^t at $350,000. an increase of
$20,500 over the budget of two years
ago.
The allowance for division head
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 21. 1905.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
common law is different from bribery
under the statute, then the contention
of the defense is sound." the District
Attorney said, "but if, as the prosecu
tion contends, bribery under the stat
ute is the same as bribery under the
common law, then the stand of the de
fense is not good."
After speaking in support of his po
sition on this point, Seymour said?
"Bribery under the common law and
under the statiites being one and the
same thing, then the d n cisions of those
States where the common law prevails
shall be taken as lights to guide your
honor.
"Any man who accepts any fee to
influence his vote, whether there is
anything before the House or not, Is
guilty of bribery. If I am the owner
of a street railway in Sacramento and
give some member of a board $5000 to
influence his vote on any matter that
may come up, that is bribery.
"The next proposition of the defense
is that the Legislature has no power
to investigate the affairs of private
corporations. It is a matter of com
mon knowledge that the Legislative
quarters was entirely eliminated and
several thousands were omitted from
the brigade headquarters appropria
tion. Armory rents and other ex
penses of the National- Guard were cut
from $102,000 to $75,000. Traveling
expenses of the officers of the guard
suffered the loss of a quarter of the
sum askod for, while the Ways and
Ifefttu Committee believed that $15,
000 was enough to set aside for gen
eral encampments instead of the $20,
000 asked for.
TRADING STAMP BIIX.
Assembly Passes Measure Declaring
Ajjainst Counon System.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 20.— The As»
sembly this morning passed Keane's
•Senate bill, identical with that of
Cophlan in the lower house, prohibit
ing the use of trading stamps. Cogh
lan in explaining the measure to the
Assembly said: "Commercialism is at
once the blessing and bane of the
age. We have mighty ships bringing
to our shores the wealth of the Orient
and railroads carrying across the des
erts the goods of the East, and pros
perity is with us. But out of this great
prosperity we see springing up a class
of men who do not work, but pre\
upon the credulity of the public. It
is at thorn this bill is aimed. From
the retail tradesmen of San Francisco
alone $4 SO. OOO is taken every year by
this illegitimate scheme."
TreadweU said the bill should have
been referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee for final inspection, as in other
States legislation against trading
stamps had proven abortive because
th« bills drafted were not constitu
tional. Coghlan said the authors of
the one before the Assembly were
satisfied that it would stick in all
court?.
TAXATION AND REVENUE.
Important IJHI Is Introduced by
Speaker Prescott.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 20.— Speaker
Prescott introduced in the Assembly
to-day a concurrent resolution pro
viding for the appointment of a com
mittee consisting of two members of
each house to make an investigation
into revenue and taxation matters
timing the next two years and recom
mend to the next Legislature such
constitutional amendments and legis
lative actfl as it deems necessary for
the reform and general improvement
of the tax system. The resolution
gives the committee power to employ
clerks, appoint stenographers, subpena
witnesses and do all things that the
Legislature would have power to do
in holding an investigation. The reso^
lution was adopted in the Assembly.
A bill was introduced by Prescott
empowering the Governor to appoint
an exnert on finance and taxation to
sit witii the committee named in the
resolution and any commission on rev
enue and taxation that may be created
by the Legislature.
EMMONS PROSTRATED.
Appendicitis Adds to Woes of the Ac-
cused Senator.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 20. — Senator
Emmons is confined to his room, a
very rick man. He took to his bed
yesterday afternoon and Dr. Hanna
diagnosed his case as acute appendi
citis. This morning Emmons insisted
on going to the Senate. He was im
mediately taken sick there and was
assisted back to his room. The doctor
says his case is serious, but that he
bopes to pull him through without an
operation.
Emmons has had appendicitis be
fore, but has always refused to be op
erated upon.
RIBL.E IX SCHOOLS.
Judiciary Committee Reports Against
Bill Dealing With Good Book.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 20.— The As
sembly Judiciary Committee to-da>
reported adversely upon McCartney's
amendment to an educational section
of the Political Code providing that
branch of our Government is fre
quently called upon to exercise powers
of a quasi-judicial nature. The Senate
is exercising such powers in investi
gating these defendants.
"We claim that a Legislature may
Investigate any corporation or indi
vidual for the purpose of obtaining
information upon which to base legis
lation."
Seymour also cited the celebrated
Keeler bribery case in New York, in
which the Supreme Court of that State
held that the Legislature had power
to hold Investigations into the affairs
of private corporations and individ
uals.
Morehouse devoted two hours to an
swerjng the District Attorney. He
said the cases cited by that official did
not apply to this State.
Judge Hart said at the conclusion
of the argument that he wanted two
or three days in which to consider the
case. Asked by Morehouse to fix a
definite date upon which it would
render a decision, the court announced
that it would decide the matter next
Saturday morning at 10 o'clock.
nothing in the section amended shall
be deemed to prohibit the use of the
Bible in public schools. The main
reason given by the committee for the
adverse report is that the amendment
even granting that the Bible shall be
used in the public schools, is not di
rect enough, and leaves a ground for
endlps<? discussion betwen those who
waiit the Scriptures a part of the
curriculum and those who do not
neither providing for nor against their
nse.
YOUTH'S BAD CONDUCT
LOSES HIM A FORTUNE
Monterey Capitalist Leaves Son But
Small Part of a Biff
Estate.
SALINAS. Feb. 20.— The will of the
Into Joseph P. Gregg, a Monterey
capitalist, was filed to-day. It divides
an estate valued at $150,000 among
the three daughters of the deceased.
A son, Joseph Gregg-, who is now serv
ing: a sentence for burglary, is left
$"00. The will expressly states that
the disinheritance of the son was in
tentional as his conduct had caused
the decedent deep mortification and
anxiety.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Suit as Pictured to Your Order $20
■': '- jj-^^/y^' , ' We would like to interest you
<^^^^ in the suits we make to measure
<§*J^ for $20, because we know .the
-■•;//' ultimate result will be your per-
/0-Q^^'f:, manent patronage.
•^j'- I ■>'■ . You will find a satisfactory pat-
...... ••••-). M^ I^'Aip^^^^ " tern in the assortment — especially
>^L^S^^^iW : fe^fe among the newspringgoods. While
.pV j^^^^^^i^^^vii^ •--' :^^^B* the garments are on your shoul-
'^^f^^^^^^^^^d^^f ders ' the responsibility of fit and
K^o :^ f S l^f^^iP^K" wear is on ours -
ii~-/" ,■-■; • . i-V\i /S^y^W ; "'" ■•^^fczT We guarantee every garment— money back is
'-"'}C^^i\ •-"'i J ?'."'"4. '. ■ >i /// r % :^|Bt"" your, protect. on— sponging and pressing
v //■• | 1 y ■■ / // WSi * ree js your p rivi!e § c -
.v: &**h ill 7 )M ':?, ||; £ // WS^^^^Q.. The average tailor will charge you £27.50 fora
VjJljSnf/ .|^| % |f-: :.|: .| .)/ Ifi?-'^ suit; like this. He has to do it — he buys cloth
..^ aSEtI W^iS-M^M: f i ■'"■••-I i' :r ■ ~: : ilp V . from jobbers. We buy the cloth from the mills
I ""'"""v... jiiF-i I ;l^V\- : :f? I. .i &^WM'^' direct for our six large workshops—hence we
 * 4jtsJ I'fjl v. : J i ■ 1&! m ? :. /■ ' save you one profit. ~- g^
-.. '''%}..; '% '^^-"^Sf^ fe:- • HLX^vilP?^B"— / -'*•■ ' While we mention to-day otir.s2O suits, remember we
'•"sv'% ' ' y ' ::^T^ yMr^o^^^ |I % ■ -^ ■■ W& -■■"/* /^** make them at all prices, ranging from $10 to $35. " /
'-. "''"\\.. \ X '' : '^^l^^^' :: '--^:^^ '. if I ;f~ Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town ctts-
rr*-v I :M\' V . ~"" ( %^ '-V'-fr"^ tomers by our self-measuring — write for blank and
Jj I -$m 'fm *• samples.
3/ / ' ■% 1 * We close Wednesday— Washington's
} J ' J / : >.;V> ;* : Birthday.
If SNWOOD4ft>
; T 740 Market Street and
- Cor. Poweil & Eddy Sts,
SENATE WILL
AGAIN TAKE
UP RE-CESSION
Yosemite Park Measure
• a Special Order
for Thursday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 20.— The Yo
semite re-cession measure and the
woman's suffrage amendment that were
made the special order for this morn
ing were continued until next Thurs
day to be taken up immediately after
the disposition of the report against
Senators Emmons, Bunkers, French
and Wright.
Two bills were Introduced In the
Senate this morning by Anderson to
enlarge the scope of the work of the
University of California. One pro
vides for the appropriation of $25,000
for the purchase of a farm for the
study of horticulture, the other for the
appropriation of $20,000 for the con
struction of a pathological laboratory
for the study of plant diseases and
culture conditions.
Ralston introduced a bill at the re
quest of citizens of Menlo Park that is
certain to create a fight on the floor.
It provides that no railroad, electric
or steam, shall be constructed within
500 feet of an existing road, except for
the purpose of crossing. It looked
like a railroad "bug" in the bill until
Ralston explained that the sole pur
pose of th/> bill was to keep roads far
enough apart in rural districts to make
their crossing by vehicles safe.
It was announced this morning by
Senator Mark^y that the bills providing
for the appropriation of funds for the
construction of a police boat and a flre
boat for San Francisco Bay would be
allowed to die in committee. "There
is not enough money in the treasury
In view of more urgent '1 ands." he
said, "to permit of the passage of
these bills. Hence there Is nothing to
do but to let them die."
This afternoon Senator Leavitt In
troduced two bills providing for the
establishment of police courts in Oak
land. The first provides for' the es
tablifhment of the courts and the sec
ond for the appointment of prosecut
ing attorneys therefor.
Senator Belshaw introduced a bill
providing for the establishment of
special tribunals to be composed of
public officials to settle contests in pri
mary elections.
Markey introduced a bill to amend
the Political Code in relation to rev
enue and taxation. It allow? corpora
tions or individuals who have paid ex
cessive taxes to recover the same by
suit against the State Treasurer.
Assemblyman Cromwell's bill mak
ing it a misdemeanor to violate or
refuse or neglect to conform to the or
ders of the State Board of Health re
specting the quarantine, disinfection
or isolation of persons, animals, things
or places was killed in the Senate this
afternoon. Shortridge. lijish and Leav
itt opposed the bill on the ground that
it would enable the Board of Health to
pass oppressive measures and then put
them in force.
McGowan's bill providing for the in
crease of the salaries of Judges of the
Superior Court to $5000 a year passed
the Senate to-day.
ASYLUM .-ATTACHES ENTER.. .
PLEAS OF NOT GUILTY
Attendants Accused of Killing Insane
Patient Arc Arraigned Before
•Judge GesforH.
XAPA. Feb. 20. — Attendants T. D.
Shaimhnn and Oscar Retzman of the
Xapa State Hospital, charged with the
killing of Patient Joseph R. Louis or t
December 25, 1904, were arraigned
this morning before Judge Gesford.
They each entered a i>lea of "not
guilty." Their trial on the charge of
murder will begin March 22.
DRINKS WHISKY
FROM TEA COP
Buffalo Bill. According to
a Witness. Suffers From
Liquor and Not Poison
INDULGES AT BANQUET
Testimony Offered in the
• Divorce Case to Show Good
Character of His Wife
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Feb. 20.— The
trial of the Cody divorce case was re
sumed in the District Court to-day.
Dr. C. L. Gillam of Cody, Wyo., first
gave testimony for the plaintiff. Col
onel William F. Cody. He accompanied
Colonel and Mrs. Cody and a large
party on a hunting trip in Big Horn
County in 1899. On that trip, he testi
fied, he heard Mrs. Cody say that her
husband had wanted her to accompany
him to Europe, but that she "would
not go anywhere with the old repro
bate."
Charles F. Iddings, a merchant of
North Platte, Neb., was called for the
defense. He said Mrs. Cody was al
ways very kind and considerate with
her husband and their guests. In re
ply to a question, Iddings said, "I con
sider Mrs. ("ody a better business
manager than her husband."
Arthur McNamara, president of the
First National Bank of North Platte,
Neb., corroborated Iddings with refer
ence to the character of Mrs. Cody.
Regarding the celebrated banquet In
North Platte in the fall of 1903 in
honor of Buffalo Bill's return to his
home. Banker McNamara testified that
it was whisky and not poison tlfat
made Colonel Cody sick on that occa
sion. He said that Buffalo Bill was
so under the influence of liquor that
he was unable to make the speech he
expected to deliver. McNamara added
that Cody asked for a cup of coffee
during the banquet, and that the chef,
thinking the guest of honor needed a
"bracer," gave him some whisky in a
teacup.
F. E. Bullard, an employe of the
Union Pacific at North Platte, corrob
orated Iddings and McNamara with
reference to the good character of Mrs.
Cody and stated that Mrs. Cody ap
peared to be solicitous for her hus
band's safety and welfare when he was
drinking. This witness testified that
Mrs. Cody educated and took care of
the children, and that Cody would not
have anything to do with them.
FEDERAL OFFICER WILL
CLOSE DERBY SALOONS
Prevalence of Crime In NeTada Town
Prompts Government to Adopt
Stringent Measures.
RENO. Feb. 20. — By order of the
United States Government, Robert
Crimmon, United States Marshal, left
tc-day for the lower end of WasTioe
County for the purpose of closing up
al! the salons along the line of Gov
ernment work now in progress there.
The order tame as a result of the
many crimes that have been commit
ted at and near Derby. In the past
year at least two dozen murders have
been committed in or near that town.
STKAMSIIIP TACOMA
AMONG THE MBBDM
Fears Are Felt for Safety of North-
western Coiiiiiien*lal Com-
Itany's Vessel.
SEATTLE. Feb. 20. — The where
abouts of the Northwestern Commer
cial steamship Tacoma is now a mys
tery. It was reported Thursday that
the vessel had been captured by the
Japanese, but according fo a tele
gram received to-day by the owners
the ship has as yet not reached Moji.
It is possible sh"e is coaling at the port
of Mori. Shipping men advance the
theory that the TacAna may be
caught 'n the Arctic ice floes.
INDIANAPOLIS. Feb. 20. — The
property loss by the fire In the center
of the wholesale district was to-day
placed at $1,100,000; Insurance, $826.
000.
CITRUS FAIR
AT CLOVERDALE
Exhibit of Products of
Sonoma Gourfy Proves At
tractive to Many Visitors
TO BE OPENED TO-DAY
Pretty Town Is Crowded
With Mranjrers Anxious
to Take Part in Festivities
■■trill Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE. Feb. 29. — Clover
dale's thirteenth annual citrus fair
will be formally opened to-morrow
night. The town is thronged with
strangers. While the exhibits are not
entirely Installed, It Is already evident
that the fair will surpass any fair »ver
held here.
John A. Barham of Santa Rosa will
welcome visitors to- Cloverdale. Wash*
Ington's birthday will be signalized by
a celebration and a reunion of Sonoma
County resident*. Thursday will be
Lake County day and Friday San
Francisco Jay. Saturday will be M»n
docino day. All the space in the pa
vilion has been taken. Competition
for prizes will be keen. The pavilion
decora tiCn scheme Is particularly ef
fective, the colors being orange, yel
low and green. The Santa Rosa ban<?
will give daily CSSJSSfti during th»
week. Director General Wilson is In
charge.
Among the exhibitors are Mrs.
George B. Bner. Fred W. Brush, W.
T. Brush. Miss Paulina Brush. Mrs.
O. H. Brush K. A. Cooley. Ernest
Simpson. Mrs. William Caldwell. Miss
Ethel Caldwell. Mrs. F. P. Connor.
Henry J. Crocker, the Italian-
colony. Miss Elizabeth Menihan. Miss
Seline Menihan. Market Kaer. HaroM
Smith, K. G. Furber. Mrs. Jane Whi r
taker, G. H. Ha?meyer. Mrs. A. M.
Coomes. Horace MeKoon. Mrs. Joh'i
Field, George B. Baer, A. C. Leg" .
Mrs. J. A. Kleiser. James Gardner. J.
A. Ward of Hermitage, the Women *
Christian Temperance Union, Madam
Preston, H. H. Hubbard. Mrs. W Ai>
pleton. Mrs. Fedora Pool. Mrs. I. K.
Shaw, Alice Hall, the Cloverdal
(•range Company and Miss AUBt*
Smith.
STRIPS HIMSELF AND RUNS
ABOUT NKVADA DESERT
Sick Man Suddenly Loses Mind and
Jumps From the Tonopah
Stage.
RENO. Feb. 20. — Edward White, a
resident of Reno, left here last Satur
day for the southern country. He was
ill at the time and while riding on a
stage between Tonopah and Goldfleld
became demented, tore off his clothes
and. jumping from the stage, ran
across the desert. For several hours
h-? wandered aimlessly about, but was
fli-ally captured and taken to Gold
field.
ONLY PERISHABLE GOO!>^
WILL BE FORWARDED
Express Company Follows Example of
Railroad In Handling FrHght
for Goldntld.
RENO. Feb. 20. — Wells- Fargo A
Cc.'s Express to-day flatly refused
to receive a shipment consisting of
machinery and other appliances nec
espary to establish a laundry at Gold
tield. As a result the owners will be
compelled to ship the material in by
ttams. The Southern Pacific having
refused to forward any but perishable
goods.
Two Murderer* Kleotrocuted.
(JsVUUMI N*. V.. Feb. 20. — Frank
Rimieri, who murdered Jaco Pinto,
a Brooklyn Junk dealer, and Adolph
Koenig. who strangled Mrs. Mary
Kauffman to death at her home in
New York, were put to death in th*
electric chair in Sing Sing prison to
day.
If Ignorance is bliss, the fellow who
knows it all must be a fool.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
"DANCE DEBTS"
EVIL IS SCORED
Kvery Class of the Berkeley
Hijrh School Said by Ed
itor to Be Extravagant
INVESTIGATION <s MADE
Seniors Plan Entertainment
to Pay Their Share of
Bills — The Facts Stated
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center street, Feb. 20.
■ financial situation of the < ia6ses
kif the Berkeley Hiph School ia dis-
Bd by Charles B. Phillip? editor
>>f the Olla Podrida, th< Khooi publi
n. Phillips dedans that the
.Hie dances given by the classes
have put eftd) < lass in debt, given the
.-.nding among commer
cial :iK-n and inaupurate>i an that
■ *d\)y increasing.
A small sensation has been caused by
the ■ 'lit. Podrida's plain statement of
th? facts and the editorial entitled
Th. Dance Debt Evil" has been gen
erally discussed, li is as follows:
An investigation of the finances of the eight
ilittfj-v in the school thows .-.*! all of the five
upj*i cl&scw-s are In debt from dances. This
• xtraordlnary lact beoo:n<"P more interesting
when it ><■ learned that the total debt on th.
school from dances alone is almost $60. One
debt of nearly S2<t is almost a year old, and
the others arf bills or long standing. Very
few in the school realize the name a school
gets from bad debts, nor how long the name
remains even after the Mils are j»aid. If they
did they would not go on giving: dances and
incurring additional openseK until all the
High School' bills had l>een ;>ald. Dance ex
jenses have l»een grcwing rapidly 'luring th«
latt four years, until now at least $100 la
needed to have a dance that will be a credit
to the givers. From $400 to *;.<«i is an enor
mous sum to s^end <:n dances during one
year, a sum great enough to pay for several
coaches an«l athletic supplies and leave a
pood balance for th? purchase of a piano or
two. Tt>.f action of two of the upper classes
in giving a dance that will cost within $3<i is
commendable in its way. but their accounts of
previous dances should be carefully Rone over
before they run into deep water. The seniors
arf at present planning an entertainment with
local talent to pay off their share in the debt.
and if there is any surplus it will he turned
over to the other classes to help them out.
lI.AN .IINKs FOB BYE
OF XX \sHlV<iT()\S ItIKTHHAY
Members of the Athenian Club
Will Make Merry This
Evening.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20. — The member?
of the Athenian Club will give a jinks
at the clubrooms to-morrow evening,
the eve of Washington's birthday, and
the committee in charge has prepared
an excellent programme. Among the
events announced by the committee
are the following:
Thp famous Nile Club Orchestra, und>r the
!«:<!ershlp of the only William J. McCoy,
wili be present tn th«"ir war paint.
Hecseman. Sloan and M< L*ughlin will do
ctte of their Inimitable etunts. then McLaugh
lin (Dave, you know Dave) will tell a few
of the very talent stories. He's a warm num
ber nil hy hltn*elf.
Then Mr. Lander* Stevens will give us a
reoftetion or two.
Two or three vaudeville stunts will keep
you warmed up a bit.
The Athenian Club Quartet will butt in
tw ry few minutes.
Lowell RedfleM. the cow boy. will five us
a few eolos.
Our good friend Newell, whose front name
is often written Ruhenftfin C. will (rive us
'■' his best at the piano.
That very smooth, bald-faced young man.
Fre.r.k W. Btlirer. will do a few surprising
stunts In *leljrht-of-hend with the cards.
Don't be evrpris<->d at anything, perhaps we
ha- ent told you all.
Remember this if for Tuesday. February 21.
CITIZKXS OF HAYWARDS
PLAN .NOVEL < KLKHRATIOX
Will Commemorate Washington's
Birthday by Breaking Ground for
Sew Carnegie Library.
HAYWARDS. Feb. 20. — The citi
zens of wards will celebrate
Washington's Birthday by breaking
ground for the new Carnegie Library.
The ceremony will be attended by the
library trustees, the members of the
Haywards Improvement Club and cit
izens of the town. Those attending
will march to the library site, headed
by two bands of music.
The first shovelful of dirt will be
turned at 2 o'clock by George A.
Oakes. the president of the Improve
ment Club. This will be followed by
addresses by G. S. Langan and P. J.
Crosby. At Athletic Park at 2:30 p.
m. a ball game will be played by
teams composed of the business and
professional men of Haywards. The
game is for the benefit of the Im
provement Club.
PRKPARATTOVS COMPLFTJ: FYIR
ST. IKANCIS I>l sAI.lv BKXKFIT
Kpec-ial CoMiimc* Have Been Swured
for "A Magnolia Blossom."' to Be
flNea \Vcxiiie*»da.v Xig-ht.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20.— The romantic
Southern drama. 'A Magnolia Blos
*»m." a story of human interest, will
be presented at the Dewey The;uej
on the evening of Washington's birthx
day for the benefit of St. Francis de
Sales Church. Special costumes have
been procured for the production next
Wednesday evening. Considerable
special scenery has also been pre
pared for the play.
The leading role, that of Carey, will
be assumed by Miss Tolma Zetta
Henry, who is well known as a talent
ed amateur actress both in this city
and in San Francisco.
SCOTT'S .EMULSION.
WASTING AWAY
It's the small but constant
loss of flesh that indicates
physical waste — the gradual
slipping away of healthy flesh,
pound by pound, which no
ordinary food seems to re-
Store. Scott's Emulsion will
restore it This Emulsion is
the greatest flesh builder ob-
tainable. Scott's Emulsion
first stops the wasting that's
one gain. Then when it sup-
plies new flesh and takes one
back to normal strength and
weight, that's another gain
and a big one.
gang °
* We'll •end r r» o . sample, trot
■COn & BOWSE. „<>, M *«•. *•• Y ork.
ACTS ON NEW
COURT RULING
Judge J. Ellsworth Grants a
Divorce, Treating Final
Decree a* an Interlocutory
CUTS SHORT LONG WAIT
Absolute Judgments of Year
Ago Will Be Continued
I pon Proper Application
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Feb. 20.
Basing his ruling on the recent de»
( ision of the Supreme Court in the
Claudius cam. Judge Ellsworth
granted a final decree of divorce to
Brace McGregor from Gertrude Mc-
QreatM* 10-day. treating a final decree
of divorce granted more than a year ago
U .n interlocutory decree. In the case
cited an appeal was taken by Attor
ney Asa V. Mendenhall from a decision
In Judge Melvin. in which he refused
to so consider a final decree granted
bj n in during the time certain Judges
<-on<sider«d the present law unconsti
tutional. Mendenhall took the matter
bo the higher court and won his point
and is now awaiting- the return of
Judge Melvin from the East to get his
decree.
The ruling of Judge Ellsworth this
morning is the first of the kind made
ill this i ounty in regard to these cases
and It is expected that other persons
will now take advantage of the de
'■isinn to cut short the wait of a whole
year that ordinarily would have to
'•lapse between the granting of an in
terlocutory :m«l final decree.
Lizzie J. McConahy was granted a
final decree of divorce to-day from
Harry E. McConahy on the ground of
desertion. They were married in 1903
and he left her shortly afterward.
Suit for divorce was begun this aft
ernoon by F. C. Rorabeck against Ida
S, Rorabeck on the ground of deser
tion.
CLASSIC PLAY
TO BE GIVEN
AT UNIVERSITY
BBBKKLBT, Feb. 20.— The recently formed
dramatl' K>Ctot]r of trie university, designed to
emtaaAe all the dramatic activities of the in
stitution, held the first meeting since ita
/.. nun in North Hall this afternoon. A
;. 1 i)!ay is to be produced under the
I auspices soon and the meeting to
day wae to consider sug-gestions about the
choice of a drama. Among those suggested
wt-rt Mllton'y "I'omus," Browning's "Return
of the Druses." Sophocles' "Oedipus." and
other Greek dramas, translated. A choice of
will be made at once and preparations
begun for its presentation.
dramatic society had Its origin last
l»:m la the planning of Professor W. D.
Arnicf. its president, to unify the dramatic
Bt» at college and arouse deeper interest
am. ng studnnis in dramatic affairs. The so
■ i'ts's memtx-rship include* the leading student
adire at the university.
Thr Commerce Club visited the American
National Bank in San Francisco last Saturday
: • -t the workings of the institution.
They «rere through the place by Ca.shifr
Lththrop and H <J Sl.fj.er, the latter the roan
ac<r of the San Francisco clearing-house.
The- mechanism of the clearing-house was
thoroughly explained to the student*. Before
I the city a visit was paid to the United
Hydrographical P.urt-au in the Mills
)>uH.Jins. Alexander McAdie, the weather ex
p. rt. explained the workings of his department
to the fiuis-ts.
Professor Bernard Moses, formerly Philippine
</' mmissioner. has been axked to write an ar
0 California for the Km-ycl.ii)edia Amer-
Icana. whicn is soon to be published.
The intagement of Miss Bfrnice Kthel Bar
r< w< h senior, to Dr. S. W. Hall of Chicago
ha- l.»-«>n announced The wedding will be in
Chicago in the spring.
Howard Stilliaan, a graduate of the class
• T!i. who it chief engineer of tests for the
■n I'aiifl'- Company, has recently come
university town from Sacramento and
wii! make his residence here.
Thf Weinhold library, whioh the university
ai'thorttiefi recently pordHUMd in Germany Is
now on its way to California. Th" pun hase
o; the library was made possible by the plft
■ ' $7immi to the board of regents by John D
BpreckeW. Thp Weinhold library is "considered
th« most desirable collections of books
in Germany. It includes thousands .if volumes
■•! an'-if-nt and modern frorfca.
The Carn"t debating tram of the university
was tendered a banijuet last Saturday night
at the Hotel Metropolc in Oakland by "th. d< -
bating bodies of the college. Besides the three
members of the team and the alternate Mus
gn ye. Baker. Harrison and Nathan— the
guests of honor were President Renjamin Ide
Wheeler and Professors Bacon and Overstrret
Nominations for Blue and Gold officers have
beet, madf as follows by the sophomore cla=s'
F/r;itor, J. R. Gabbert and Qurdon Bd wards;
manager. A. C. Hastings and John 11. Kggers
Th< election will be held next Friday.
WIFE IS NOT ALARMED
BY msßWD's ABSENCE
Friends of Missing Ixxige Treasurer,
H<>\M'v*r. Ask Police to
Find Him.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20. — Where is
William Munce? The police have been
looking for him for a week. Friends
and fraternal associates are worried
about Munce, who has been absent
from his smithy at Third and Clay
struts since last Monday. But Mrs.
Munce, who lives at 966 East Six
teenth street, declares she does not
share the fears of her husband's
friends. In fact, Mrs. Munce an
nounces that her husband hap not dis
appeared.
Members of a Knights of Pythias
lodge of which Munce is treasurer
went to the police Wednesday and an
nounced that he was missing, his ab
sence having previously been reported
by ■ patrolman. They had traced him
as far as a poker game in a Washing,
ton-street saloon Monday night, but
nfter that lost track of their man. It
is said by the police that during the
game Munce gave personal checks,
which later were dishonored, because
the funds were deposited to the joint
account of Munce and his wife. Con
tinuing their inquiry, with police as
sistance, the lodge members were ad
vised to-day that Munce was only
temporarily out of the city. Munce
according to his wife, went to Stock
ton and is now headed down the San
Joaquln Valley on a business trip.
Cadets to Entertain.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— The League
of the Cross Cadets of St. Anthony's
parish will give an entertainment to
morrow evening at St. Anthony's Hall.
in East Oakland, for the benefit of the
company uniform fund. The affair ia
in charge of Captain Fitzgibbon and
Lieutenant Dowling, who have spent'
much time in the preparation of the
programme.
Students Go; to Jail.
OAKLAND, F.'b. 20.— Lewis John
rop nnd H. K. Ranlett. said to be
Berkeley students, were sent to the
<"ity Prison to-day for three days on
complaint of Frank <Jrah;im. secre
tary of Ye Liberty Theater, who
•d thY young men with disturb
ing thf! yeage.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 21. 1905.
FAMILY FEUD FOLLOWS
DOUBLE MURDER.
ROWLAND DECLARES
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Feb. 20.
It is a case of brother against brother
in the family of Edward Rowland, the
Southern Pacific Company employe
who shot his wife and killed himself
several weeks ago at the family resi
dence. 918 Center street. George Row
land, a son, has complained to the
police that yesterday his brother. War
ren Rowland, and his half-brother,
Thomas Montgomery, with William
Jensen, broke into the house and start
ed to carry off some of the family
effects. He asserted that the trio had
no right in the place and he proposed
to swear to complaints against them.
The alleged burglars were arrested
by Policemen Fahy and Ahem on
charges of drunkenness, but were also
held for investigation on the more seri
ous accusation.
Since the murder and suicide the
Rowland residence has been closed and
SHKRIFF BISHOP'S ILLNESS
ALARMS HIS PHYSICIANS
Suffers From Serious Attack of Pneu-
monia and May Not
Recover.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20. — The condi
tion of Sheriff John N. Bishop, who is
critically ill with pneumonia at his
home. 161 l Twelfth street, became
critical to-day. Grave fears are en
tertained lest he die. The disease hus
attacked both lungs and the patient's
heart is in poor condition. His phy
sician, Dr. O. D. Hamlin. is in con
stant attendance. He said this e%'en
ing that the Sheriff's chances for re
covery wore about even. At a late
hour to-night Dr. S. H. Buteau was
called in consultation and he con
firmed the diagnosis of Dr. Haiilin.
NEWS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY
BIRGLAR STEALS WHlSKY— Oakland,
Feb. 20. — A burglar broke into D. Mulling'
saloon. 1323 Fourteenth street, last night and
stole a dozen bottles of whisky.
JUDOS MELVIN AT WASHINGTON.—
Oakland, Feb. l! 0. — Judge Henry A. Melvln of
this rity Is visiting Wasningtcn. It Is ex
fiected that Governor Pardee will name Judge
Melvln as one of the Judges of the Appellate
Court.
native: daughters ti entertain —
Oakland, Feb. 20. — The members of Piedmont
Parlor No. 87. Native Daughters of the Oolden
West, will give a grand ball at Maple Hall
on Wednesday evening. March I, for the ben
efit of the sltk fund of the parlor.
DEEDS LAND TO HIS SONS.— Oakland,
Feb. 20. — Jacob Salz, a well-known land own
er of Washington Township, has just deeded
100 a-jres of lard near Mission San Jose to
his sons. Ansley K. and Howard H. Salz.
The lurid was transferred as a gift.
POLICEMAN'S ASSAILANT HELD IN
JAIL. — Oakland. Feb. 20. — Lindsay S. Hack
ett. a former Southern Pacific Company yard-
3 (aster, who. it is charged, tried to shoot
atroltnan John T. Fahy has been held for ex
amination in the Police Court on March 2.
WHEELAN WILL LECTURE.— AIameda,
Feb. 20. — Fairfax Wheelan of San Francisco
will address the Men's Club of Christ Episcopal
Church at an open meeting to be held Wed
nesday night. His subject wiil be "The
Democracy. Need and the People's Neglect."
DOG POIIONBR AT WORK.— Oakland, Feb.
20. — Edward Egbert, residing at Fifteenth
and Harrison streets, reported to the police
to-day that a valuable dog he owned had been
prisoned. The police have received a num
ber of like complaints from the same neigh
borhood.
BK&LBT MARTIN RETURNS.— Oakland,
Feb. 2<». — Shelby F. Martin, formerly teller in
th<= Union Savings Bank, who wan forced to
rpsign on account of 111 health, has returned
from China. He had taken tho voyage In the
hope of bettering his health, but his condi
tion failed to improve.
IMPROVEMENT CLUB TO MEET.—Oak
land, Feb. 20. — The Piedmont District Improve
ment Club will meet at Oak Chapel in Pied
mont to-morrjw evening. The speakers will
be P. M. Fhhei and A. H. Ellis. At tho doM
of the meeting refreshments will be served
by the ladlt-p of the nlub.
HKXKKIT FOR THEATRICAL MECHAN
IC*-.—Oakland. Feb. 20. — An entertainment for
the bentflt of the Oakland branch of the The
atrical Mechanics' Association will be given at
tlie Mtcdonough Theater on Sunday evening,
March 12. This is the flret entertainment
ever riven by the local association.
SI I'KHiNTKNKKNT SANDERS HON
ORED.— Oakland. Feb. 20. — Joseph Sanders,
the superintendent of the Home for the Adult
JUind in this city, has been invited to parti
cipate in the opening and dedication of the
Stat Home for the Blind at Saginaw,
Mich. Mr. Sanders will probably accept the
invitation.
WILL REPEAT MINSTREL SHOW.—Oak
land. F-?b. 20. — The boys or the choir of St.
John's Episcopal Church, who gave a succeßs
lul minstrel show last week for th« benefit of
the choir fund of the church, will repeat the
entertainment next Saturday at Dletz Opera
hou!*\ It is expected that the attendance will
be larger than at t:ie first show.
TO HOLD OPEN MEETlNG— Oakland,
}■•■!> 20 — The Men's League of Trinity Episco
pal Church will hold an open meeting in the
guil.l room at Twenty-ninth street and Tele
g>aph avenue tn-mormw evening, and all the
members of the parish are invited to attend.
At the conclusion of a short musical pro
gramme refreshments will rje served.
KNIGHTS ATTEND FT. JOHN'S CHURCH.
—Oakland. Fob. 20.— Tw<> nundred members
cf the local lougeg of Knights of Pythias at
tended the services at St. John's Episcopal
church last night. Before the service an exhi
bition drill was given in front of the church
by the Uniform Rank. The Rev. Edgar F.
Ccc, the rector of the church, is a member of
the order.
:\IR3. MARIETTA TAYLOR'S PASSING —
AlHmeda, Feb. 20.— Mr?. Marietta Taylor, wife
ot G. A. Taylor of 1227 Park avenue, died of
paralysis yesterday at the family residence.
She was a native of Vermont, aged <KS years,
and leaves besides a husband a daughter, Misg
Olive Taylor, who is a teacher in the local
school department, and two pons, Will Tay-
I lor, a war correspondent In tlfe Orient, and
j Albert Taylor, a plantation superintendent in
J the Hawaiian Islands.
MISSING MAN TURNS UP.— Alameda, Feb.
| 20. — Eugen<? Etableau. a porter, who dlsap
, peared from the Park Hotel ten days ago un
, dtr circumstances that caused those who
: knew him to fear that he had either done
away with himself or had met with foul pltiy.
has been found In San Francisco, where he
called upon Dr. August christenson, a friend,
for money and food. Etableau was unable to
explain how he came to leave the Park Hotel
without Informing his employer as to hie
intentions.
MARRIAGE LICENSES— Oakland. Feb. 20.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
by the County Clerk to-day : Felix Tempel, 25.
and Alma Lehmann, 21. both of San Francis
co; Max Spaete, 36, and Llllle Guttrlch, 10,
both of Oakland; Howard W. Lawton, 21, and
Eugenic K. Champreux. 21, both of Oakland;
Joseph R. Helen, over 21, and Nellie Carr,
over 18, both of San Francisco; John B.
SpangUr. 22, and Clara A. Welch, 18, both of
OakU-id; Edward L. Ludlow, 24, and Lula
J. Herman, 19, both of Oakland; Volncy L.
lVirmrest. 2S, Benlcla, and Lillian M. .lack
son, 23, Llvermore.
Widow of Pioneer Buried.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— The funeral
of Mrs. Susan A. Tubbs, the widow of
the late Hiram Tubbs, who died last
Saturday, was held at 2 p. m. to-day
from the family residence, 266 East
Twelfth street, the services being con
ducted by the Rev. William Carson
Shaw, rector of the Church of the Ad
vent in East Oakland. The body was
laid beside that of her husband in the
family vault, Mountain View Ceme
tory. The funeral was largely attend
ed and many floral offerings were sent
by friends.
in charge of F. W. Sonderleiter, ad
ministrator of Rowland's estate. The
relatives until last night had kept
far away from the place, around which
hovered such grewsome recollections.
For some reason, not yet explained,
Warren Rowland and his companions
went there yesterday and it is charged
by the brother George, prepared to
remove a number of household articles.
The arrests followed and disclosed
the existence of a family feud which
had been on for a long time among
the children before the death of the
mother and father. Both Rowland and
his wife had each been married before
and each had children by other part
ners. The feeling that existed was ac
centuated after the deaths. It was
manifested when separate funerals of
the husband and the wife were held.
Rowland's song buried him In Oak
land, while Mrs. Rowland's body was
interred under her children's direction
at Byron, her parents' home.
WANTS WIRES
PUT IN GROUND
Finance Committee Investi
gates Delay in Removal
of Many Unsightly Poles
The Supervisors' Finance Commit
tee yesterday began an investigation
into the delay in putting the wires be
longing to the city underground.
Chief Hewitt of the Department of
Electricity made the rather startling
admission that no wires had as yet
been placed underground in districts
1 and 2, comprising the downtown
section, although he had promised
that such work would be completed
two years ago. Hewitt ascribed as the
reason for the delay that a switch
board had not yet been constructed.
He further excused the dilatory tac
tics of his department by saying that
the appropriation made for the work
was inadequate, when he was cut
short by Brandenstein, who said:
"Now, that is not so. It has been
said that you had 5250,000 to spend."
"That is not true," retorted Hewitt.
"My impression is that it was $120,
000."
Hewitt then agreed to prepare a de
tailed statement showing the total
amount received for underground con
struction, the moneys actually ex
pended for the work and other data
pertaining to the 1 subject under inves
tigation. Brandenstein then pinned
Hewitt down as to the date when the
underground work in district No. 3
will be completed.
"If we are allowed to use our en
tire allowance of $35,000," said Hew
itt, "we will complete it on June 30,
1905. We will have to use $1988 95
for work on Fourth street, and that
may delay us one month."
The amended ordinance regulating
the placing of poles and electrical
wires so as to require a permit to be
issued by the Board of Works as well
as the Department of Electricity was
referred to the joint Committee on Ju
diciary and Electricity. Supervisor
Braunhart oiled attention to the ne
cessity of some constructive legisla
tion to compel the removal of unsight
ly poles.
"The promiscuous way that poles
are being erected is an outrage,'" said
Boxton, "and I hope that restrictions
will be put upon the companies re
sponsible for their erection. It is a
fact that the dirt taken up to make
room for poles has not been removed
in some places for months."
The committee received a communi
cation from the Mayor that Commis
sioner of Works Maestretti had agreed
to file a now, official bond. The sure
ty company on his old bond gave no
tice that it desired to withdraw there
from, without, however, offering to re
turn the balance of the premium,
which had been paid in advance. The
committee decided that it had no
power to take any further action to
compel the immediate furnishing of
another bond.
The committee referred the peti
tion of Mahoney Bros, for the return
of $670 deposited as fees for the use
of streets for building purposes to the
Board of Works, with a request that
the money be returned. The coin is
part of the $8000 embezzled by ex-
Cashier W. J. White, who absconded.
The sum of $450 was allowed out
of the urgent fund for sanitary work
in Chinatown up to March 1 next. The
same fund will be drawn upon to the
extent of $200 in addition to the $750
appropriated for the safety station at
Market and Powell streets and $1750
for the maintenance of the new port
able sterilizer.
The committee decided to make
temporary repairs to the Fourth
street bridge, which is in a dangerous
condition. The sum of $1000 was set
aside out of the urgent fund for the
purpose. Engineer Lane of the Unit
ed Railroads said the piles under the
bridge had rotted, endangering the
safety of the public. Lane will pre
pare plans to put the bridge In nrst
class condition and an appropriation
will be made in the next budget. The
committee asked Lane to urge the
United Railroads to bear a share of
the entire expense, which may aggre
gate $5000.
YOUNG MENDAZONA DROWNS
HIMSELF WHILE IXSAXE
R. M. Aguirre, French and Spanish
interpreter at the Hall of Justice, re
ported to the Coroner yesterday that
the young man who was seen to throw
himself overboard from Lombard
street wharf last Sunday morn
ing was Antonio Mendazona, a
Spaniard engaged in the sheep busi
ness in Butte County. Mr. Aguirre
said that Mendazona, who roomed in
the same house with him at 1312
Powell street, seemed to have become
suddenly insane last Saturday night
and went out of the house bent upon
doing himself some mischief. Mr.
Aguirre followed him out Market
street to Tenth and back to Kearny
endeavoring to have him come home,
but the young man refused to do so,
saying that he was going to the ferry
to jump overboard. Aguirre left him
on Kearny street at 1 o'clock on Sun
day morning, being worn out with hie
long tramp. He has identified the hat
left on the wharf by the suicide as
that of Mendazona.
CITY TO PAY
FULL PRICE
Alameda Council Agrees
That Rate for Water Used
by the Town Be Doubled
GOOD TO THE COMPANY
Nothing Is Denied Corpora
tion Except an Increase in
Kent til of Fire Hydrants
ALAMEDA, Feb. 20.— An increase of
15 cents per 1(M)O gallons for water used
by the municipality for street and park
purposes and sewer flushing was grant
ed the Contra Costa Company to-night
by the City Trustees when they passed
the ordinance fixing water rates for
another year. Heretofore the city has
been paying but 15 cents per 1000 gal
lons for water, while private consum
ers were charged 30 cents per 1000 gal
lens. The ordinance passed to-night
makes the rate uniform.
Attorney A. F. St. Sure appeared for
tl^ Contra Costa Company and in ad
dition to asking for an increase of from
15 cents to 30 cents for the water sup
plied for streets, sewers and parks, re
quested that rental of fire hydrants be
raised from $1 to $2 per month and
that tho minimum monthly charge to
private consumers be increased from
$1 to $1 50. Both of the demands were
denied by the City Trustees.
Oakland Hearing Still On.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— The City Coun
cil to-nisht heard evidence In the water
rates inquiry from Arthur L. Adams,
consulting engineer of the Contra
Costa Water Company, on the valua
tion of the company's plant for rate
fixing purposes. Engineer Adams was
called a? the Council's witness after he
had said he was not prepared as the
company's representative to give evi
dence on valuation. Upon Councilman
Elliott's demand, Adams was sworn
and declared his opinion that the Oak
land division properties of the com
pany were worth $7,000,000 to $7,500,000.
Edward McGary, secretary of the com
pany, gave detailed statements con
cerning operating, construction and
tax expenses. Attorney M. C. Chap
man also appeared for the company.
The inquiry will be resumed Thursday
evening.
The Council directed the City Attor
ney to draft an ordinance to prohibit
bicycle riding (in sidewalks.
ENRAGED FATHER WOULD
SLAY ACCUSED MAN
Polite Get Prisoner Into Jail Safely.
Where He Is Charged With
Infrtmotis Crime.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20. — Charles Car
dona, father of Mamie Cardona, six
years old, residing at 656 Myrtle
street, was only prevented this after
noon from killing Howard Richard
son, 5 5 years old, by quick work of
the police. The enraged father begged
for a chance to shoot the man,
whom he accused of a heinous crime.
The police got Richardson safely into
jail and in time to check the mad
dened parent from carrying out his
threat to take the law into his own
hands.
Richardson pleaded with the police
for rotection from the child's father.
Jhe prisoner was formally charged at
the city Jail.
WOUIiD VOTE BONDS
FOR A HIGH SCHOOL
Residents of Bray. Melrose. Fniitvalc,
Lockwood and Elinlmi-st Ask That
an Election Be Called.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20. — A majority of
the heads of families in the Melrose,
Bray, Fruitvale, Lockwood and Elm
hurst school districts have signed a
petition sent to County School Super
intendent Crawford asking him to call
an election for bonding the districts
to erect a high school. These dis^
trices have been depending upon the'
high schools of Alameda, Oakland and
Berkeley and their children have been
crowded out by city pupils.
Superintendent Crawford announces
that he will call the election for March
4 if Dossible and if not for March 11.
There is nearly $6,000,000 worth of
property in this district and it is be>
lieved that a tax of 1 per cent will
pay all the expenses of the school.
ANOTHER SI IT BEGIN
AGAINST CREMATORY
Scavengers Again Attempt to Break
Into the Operations o f the Pa
cific Incinerating Company.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20. — Another suit
looking to the stopping of the opera
tions of the Pacific Incinerating Com
pany, which has a monopoly of the
garbage business of the city under a
contract with the Mayor and City
Council, was begun this afternoon by
Attorney James H. Creeley for Louis
Morando on the ground that the con
tract is illegal and void.
It is alleged that the proper steps
were not taken in advertising for bids
for the franchise.
Morando is a scavenger, who alleges
that he earned $150 a month by his
business and that this has been taken
away from him illegally.
Orrison Whipple Laid at Rest.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20. — The funeral
of Orrison Whipple. who died last Fri
day at his home in East Oakland, was
held yesterday afternoon from Odd
Fellows' Hall in East Oakland under
the auspices of Orion Lodge, of which
he was an old member. The pallbear
ers were Wilbur Walker. George Cum
mings. A. Sorensen. M. Dolbier, T. A.
Medau and E. Balch.
Felton Taylor's Case.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20. — The Grand
Jury has subpenaed Councilmen B. H.
Pendleton, Edwin Meeae, W. J. Baccus
and George Fitzgerald, members of the
Finance Committee of the Council, to
appear to-morrow to give evidence in
the inquiry as to City Treasurer Felton
Taylor's alleged action in depositing
city funds in private banks.
Forger Sent to Folsom.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20. — Henry D.
Morris, 23 years of age, was sentenced
to five years at Folsom this morning
by Judge Greene for passing a ficti
tious check for $2J on the firm of
Mesmer & Smith in payment for a
suit of clothes. , He pleaded for leni
ency, saying it was his first offense.
Coakley Bros., wholesale and retail dealers in
choicest stall-fed meats. 14th. nr. Washington.'
CRAIG'S JEW
IS MERITORIOUS
His Shylock at the Alcazar
Surprises Critics by Its
Strength and Lack of Kant
HAS CAPITAL SUPPORT
Central's Audience Thrills
at the Scenes and Dialogue
of "A Hide for Lite"
Admirers of John Craig went to the
Alcazar last night in fear and trem
bling as to what the outcome would
be of his essay as Shylock in "The
Merchant of Venice." It did not seem
possible that the actor who had given
such rare light comedy character as
he did in The Professor's Love
Story" could vault over the high stone
wall that divides comedy from trag
edy and succeed in a role which the
best tragedians have found difficult.
But those admirers and well wishers
troubled themselves in vain, for the
Shylock of Mr. Craig was a character
ization that made a hit from the start.
There was earnestness and directness
In the personation; strength without
rant, dignity without straining and
power without overdoing in the Shy
lock of Mr. Craig. In the passages
wherein he complained of the indig
nities to which he had been subject
ed upon the Rialto there was real pa
thos, such as enlisted the sympathy
of the audience for one of the most
unlovable characters that the great
Shakespeare ever drew, and in the
courtroom scene, where the Jew re
veals himself in his most detestable
aspect, the art of the actor called forth
disgust and derision.
The support was excellent. Lillian
Lawrence gave the critics a Portia in
which there was nothing to condemn
and much to praise. The Jessica of
Mary Young was most artistic in con
ception, as well as in execution. John
B. Maher'B Launcelot was one of the
best things he has done in many a
day. The play is beautifully staged
and costumed and will have a success
ful run.
Savage's Opera Company.
Opera lovers are preparing to ex
tend a hearty welcome to the English
pinging songbirds when the Savage
Grand Opera Company makes its first
bow at the Columbia Theater next
Monday night. This will be the first
visit of an ail-American company able
to give real grand opera. The Savage
company is the largest of Its kind. It
numbers over 150 people, with an
orchestra of fifty pieces under two
conductors, and carries a complete
equipment of scenery and costumes on
a special train of fourteen cars.
Among the principals are over a score
of prima donnas, tenors, barytones and
basses who are known by reputation,
hut who will be new to California.
The best known artists are Joseph
Sheehan, the high C tenor; William
"Wegener, the Wagerian tenor, and
Reginald Roberts, the lyric tenor;
Gertrude Rennyson and Jean Lane
Brooks, two superb dramatic sopranos;
Marion Ivell and Rita Newman, con
traltos; Winfred Goff, Arthur Deane,
Francis J. Boyle, Harrison W. Ben
nett and Kate Sherwood. The con
ductors include the Chevalier N. B.
Emanuel, who has had thirty years'
experience in Europe, and Elliott
Schenck, the Wagnerian conductor,
who is the only American musician be
sides Walter Damrosch, that has de
ve'oped into a grand opera musical di
rector.
Central.
The usual Monday night jam pre
vailed at the Central Theater last
evening to witness the initial produc
tion of "A Ride for Life.' The pro.
duction is a melodrama that is re
plete with startling and picturesque
features. It is remarkably well staged
and the four acts glided along much
too fast for the audience last night.
Herschel Mayall. as Jack Woodruff,
came in for his usual share of ap
plause. The clever actor interpreted
the role in charming style, and the
applause was deserved. Juliet Cros
by[ as Annie Powers, was as charm
ing as ever and appealed to the femi
nine portion of the audience. Myrtle
Vane, Julia Blanc, Walter Shannon.
James Corrigan and George P. Web
s-tor all scored hits in their respective
roles and the other members of the
company lent their support to the
stars satisfactorily.
Bispham's First Concert.
The first of the series of three con
certs to be given in San Francisco by
the noted barytone, David Bispham,
v.-ill take place at Lyric Hall this
evening. From all indications it will
be one of the most interesting events
of the musical season. Mr. Bispham
has enjoyed a rest of several days after
his transcontinental journey and is in
fine condition to give the enormously
difficult performances he modestly
calls "concerts." In the matter of
programme making Mr. Bispham is
m&ster. The range of his selections
is astonishing.
Tetrazaini Will Sing.
The committee in charge of the
benefit in aid of the Verdi monument
fund to be given at the Alhambra
Theater next Friday evening received
a delightful surprise yesterday in the
form of a brief and beautifully worded
note from Louisa Tetrazzini. the fa
mous soprano of the Italian grand
opera company now singing at the
Tivoli, volunteering her services for
the occasion. The prima donna has
selected for her number the cavatina
from "La Traviata," in \vhi<h she will
be accompanied by the Minetti or
chestra of seventy-five, augmented by
thirty professionals.
The Columbia.
"The Earl of Pawtueket" entered
upon it? second week at the Columbia
last night, with a good sized audience
and assurance of a successful termin
ation of its engagement.
Grand Opera- House.
The third week of the big produc
tion of "Mother Goose" began last
night at the Grand Opera-house.
Th« Chutes.
Raymond Teal, "the merry min
strel." maide his first appearance at
the 6hutes yesterday and became an
Immediate favorite through his clever
songs and stories. Murphy ;ind An
drews proved amusing Irish sketch
;.rti3ts. and Josip Kine and Phil Gott
hold repeated their laughing KtccWi
of last week. "A Medical Discovery."
John T. Chick and his company of
comedians brought down the hous a
with their original one-act domestic
musical comedy, entitled "My Wife'?
I Mother." Mabel Lamson, the popu
BRANCH OFFICES :
OF THE CALL IS U
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLA.VD. . •
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083. -
BERKELEY. ; • .
2148 Center Street-
Telephone North 77.
ALiAMEJDA.
1435 Park Street. /
RFAL ESTATE TRANSACTION*.
Alameda. County.
j MONDAY. FEBRUARY 20.
1 The Oakland Electric Light and Motor Com
pany (corporation) to Conrad Hehnke. lot on
NW corner of Secondhand "Webster streets. W
70 by N 100. portion of lots 19 to 22. block IT.
Kell<3rsberger*3 map. Oakland; $10.
Sarah A. McKee (widow) (by 3. B. McKee.
I attorney) to John A Jordan. tot on E line
( of Grove street. 45 S of glxty-flrst. S 90 by E
115. ..lots 2 and 3. block K. map of Santa Fa
Tract ■ No. 5, deed and agreement. Oakland;
; $10. ,
1 D. R. an 4 Mary A. McNeil! (wife) to Mar
' garet E. Evans (single), lots rt to <«, 10 to 1-. '
! 23 and M Idora Park Tract. Oakland; $10.
Hilda McElrtUh (single) to H. C. Poole. lot
;on S~W corner of Forty-rourth and Writ
streets. N 100 by W 100. lots 10. 20 and E l'>
feet of lot 21. Alden Tract, Oakland; flu.
Hatt!« F. Dewing- (widow) and Pearl M. and.
! Ethel R. Dewing, to F. C. Gentes. - lot on i
line of Forty-fourth street. 330 i. of Linden.
E 50 by 3 100. lot 10. bloc* 2007. A!der\ Tract
at Temeseal. Oakland; *ltf.
. Joseph and Eugenia B. Scnneily to John C.
I Coburn. lot on E line or san Pablo avenue,
I SCO M of Forty-first street, N 2.-M by B
167.37, portion of lots 10 and 11. map of 11.
C. Dohr"» Homestead. Emeryville. Oakland
Township; $10. ' •
William E. illshfll (widower) to Charles
Boudrow. lot on NVV corner of Oregon and
Fulton streets M 134:6 by W 175. lota 1. 2. 3
and 32. block E. map of southern portion of
Blake estate. Berkeley: $1«». ' ..:-."
B. F. Tilton (single) to G. Noschka. lot on
S corner of Jones avenue and county ■ road.
Oakland to San Ueandro. SE 115 by SW 135:7.
l"t|< 1. 2 and portion lot 8. block A. Jove*
•übdivlsion, Brooklyn Township; $10. --'■-'■ ■■■
Frank S. Brown Xsingle) to Fred H. Brown
(single), lot on D line of Fremont avenue.
TJ - of Washington street. S 7* by B 13.\
portion lot I. block 0. map subdivision N «
portion Sath«r Tract, etc.. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Joan C Robert 11. and John H. Stitt (heir*
estate of Robert Stitt) to William G. Hen
shaw. all interest In lots 7 and 8. bloc I «-»f>.
map resubdivi»ion portion block «49. Oakland,
convey all interest they may have m estate
of Robert . Stitt, quitclaim deed : $10.-
Oakland Bank of Sav#fea 'by James B.
Barber. Tax Collector) to VV. Frederick Brock.
X 27:8 of ldts 12 and 25. Work .K. Verona
Park. Loll* subdivision. Oakland; $*»». ...*.-.
Hilda McElrath (single) to Lydla F. Sh«p
ar<!>. n. lot on N line of Forty- fourth street;
ICO.W of West. N 100- by 'W 40. portion lot
21 block 2103. Alden Tract. Oakland: $10. "
Dell C. and Francis J. Woodward (and- as
attorney) to Susan E. Ferguson (widow), lot
on S line of Clinton avenue, 150 X of Union,
street E 60 by 3 100. lot 2. block U new
map Lynn Homestead. East Oakland; $10.
Mary GUebe (widow) to Rosie Gllebe (daugh
ter), lot on N corner of East Twenty-sixth
street and Fourteenth avenue. NW 10». ■ NB
35, SE 120 SW 39, to beginning, block* B7.
Highland Park, East Oakland: gilt.
Rosie Gllebe (singlet to Nan Townley (sin
gle) same. East Oakland; $10.
ThP Realty Syndicate to George W. Lelns.
lot on NW corner of Twenty-fourth avenu*
and Twenty-sixth street. N SO by VV 120. lot
12, block 4. map 3. BlasdeM Tract. East Oak
land Heights. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Oakland Bank of Savings to James A. Thom
son, lot on W corner or East Twenty-second
street and Twenty-fourth avenue. SW 73 by
NW US in block O. map of subdivision oC
Fifty Associate* Tract. Bast Oakland: $I©.
James A. .»• J. A and Janet Thomson to
Theodore J. and Amanda J. HigSEins. lot on W
corner of East Twenty-second atreet ami
Twenty- fourth avenue. SW. 75 bx.-NW 143:10.
block G, same map. East Oakland; also right
of way over strip 10 feet wide adjoining prop
erty above described on W. etc.. East Oak
land; $to.
Hiram Tubbs Estate Company (corporation)
to G.'.-Vandenjeereboom. ioia • 1 »* *». 20. "ZX
to 30. 34. 40 to 43 and 51 to 33. Templetou
Tract. East Oakland: '$V>.
George and Emily F. Adams to Florence A.
McGrew (wife of Harry), tot en NE line of
East Twentieth street, 125 SE of Eleventh
■ avenue. SF. 25 by NE lOrt, block 127, Clinton.
East Oakland: $10.
O. H. and Nancy M. Hull and H. V. ami
Vina Hull to 3. M Williamson < single), lot on
* line of Dwlght way, 110 F. of Shamir ave
nue E 50 by 8 •©, being N JM> feet of lot 83.
mar of part of plat «9. KeUersbeirer 1 * survey
of V and P. P»ralta Ranono. Berkeley: $10.
C. A. and Selma E. Tcrnell to Lena H.
Wagner lot on N line of Bancroft way. 117:*
E' of Roosevelt street (Catherine). E 37 :« by
N 100 portion of lota 11 to 14, block 10. Mc-
Gee Tract, portion of plat 67. etc.. Berkeley;
$10
Louise Hoppe (widow) to Anguste M. Perks.
lot on W line of Merrill avenue. 30 9 of Lane.
S 17:« by W 105. lot . 2 and portion . of lot 3.
block G. Frultvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. 1 .- . ; ■
Rosa Puccini (widow) to William, Mabel r.
and Theresa G. Puccini (children), undivided
i 4i 4 of lot on N line of Buen Vista avenue. 73
X cf Thirteenth street » formerly St. George or
Sherman), thence E 100 by N 125. lota 4 to «.
block J3 map 144. lots in Pa«« Tract; Ala
meda also lot on Muena Vista avenue.; 25x12.1.
adjoining above lots on E. Atameda; .also lot
on NE corner of Railroad avenue and Walnut
street, E 50 by N 103:4. portion of tot t.
block 33. lands adjacent to Encinal. A lamed a;
g Argonaut Mutual Building and Loan Associ
ation to George H. and Eliza Ireland (wife*
lot on W corner of county road Oakland ">
San Leandro and Fremont avenue. thence NW
62-6 by SW 1'"1 '" lot I* l block 5. map of NI3
portion of Sather Tract.' Fruitvale, Brooklyn
Township: $10. and Edith A. Donham (Mc-
Benjamin C. and Edith A. Don ham il
Kenn) to Minnie E. McKean (singlet, lot be
ginning at point on W line of street 40 feet
wide now called College ■■•■■■ I to its 1 Inter
section with prolongation In right line of 9
line of Madison. 9 50. W 19«:2. N M). »
19V-.6. «aid Madison street shown on map of
Ala meda surveyed by Stratton in 1853, Ala
metia: also all Interest In- estate of James
i Fi*ch*r McKean: gift. - \ - f
Same -to strae. same and all interest i
estate of Sarah Jane McKean. Alameda; gift.
Jennie E. and Nicholas r> . George A. and,
Anna V. and Winfleld M. McKean to Sam*'. .
pame and all interest in estate of James
Fisher McKean. Alameda; gift. . ." ■ .
Same to hub*, same and all interest In
1 estate of Sarah Jan? McKean. Alameda; gilt.
James E. and Sally M. McKean to same.
fame and all Interest in "State of James
I'isher McKean, Alameda: $10.
Same to same, same and all Interest in
estate of Sarah 'Jane McKean. Alameda; $10.
New Olfk-ers ( hosen.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 20. — Officers were
elected by the Alartieda Advancement
Association to-night as follows: Presi
dent, Charles S. N'^-al: vice president.
P. S. Teller; financial secretary. George
Sturtevant. B. C. . Brown . declined to
serve another term as secretary and
the choosing of his successor was de-i
f erred by the board of directors.
lar singer of illustr 1 th"
.mim amuslnar
moving pi'-tures. Th--- ,\ <\\
magnificent display '»f ttreworlM at th*
chutes to-morrow night in IMHM
Washington's birthday, and the im i
teurs promise many surprises for
Thursday evening.
ADVEKTISiaiKXTS.
SICK HEADACHE
I—'1 — ' — I Positively cured by
PADTTDQ these Little Pills,
%jf\ |\ I LI\O The a:so relieve DI3-
■Hpj tress from Dyspepsia. In-
«Bm ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
|9[ IVf p ff% Eating. A perfect rem-
g If Ll\ edy lor Dizziness. Nausea.
H PILLS* Drowstnei3. Bad Taste
g| cm In tl» Moatb. Coated
M|^^^ Tongue. Pain In the Side.
■^ Ithrptd liver. Ta«v
regulate tn© Bowels. Purely Vegetable. *
SMALL PILL SMALL OOSL SMALL TOE.
HARMS! CtRE SICK h£ADACtIiS *
Sittle ■ Genuine Must Bear
IVER Fac-Simile Signatun
m pills. s? . v ._ -T The UEBIQ Company etve all flsefrfl
I energies to Extract of Beef, from Isi
1 1 1 cattle to pattiivrtha «*&■*& That ill
j J is why theirs fate ten far torty yeara Ij I
i ■ the first," aad wfcr It is tbe ooJr 000 I
I imintodtartnfrtate.'S.wfeoaopyjßHiMd flll
1 Üb«is. otU their staff "Liable V: end Ml
B c-iucaasbsfbtttbotfOßaJciutLra. B\ 1
Thn «n«f«iil>ott&»jßra.tewufcgvcc»- BI
in» bo Uritctedj^ar gndttj/g basurc yoo 1 1
l^jratth* wal • t Ugb»Oo!ncsßy t s> w j(\
fASKFOR LIEBIO >i
COMPANY'S II
k^XTßAcror^gger^l
TO REDUCE STOCK
WE OFFER our
EWTIBX U3TE OF
SECTIONAL FILE CASES
lil Hi 60 DAYS
LrlL>=H^ I^-IK., I m DISCOUNT
p^^v r ""'^' il}?i 1 }? FLAT
LETTER
Tf^^t^^^S FILE
]^pI^THcABI!.ETS
CEO. H. FULLER DESK CO.
646-650 MISSION STREET.
No. 1. No. 2.
Cut No. 2 shows an improvement that
•re actually make by our up-to-date
methods.
"OBSORTUKDEB"
Is our local anaesthetic for extracting
teeth painlessly.
EITEACTIUO, 30c.
Bridge Work and irregularities of the
teeth given special attention.
Prices within the range of all.
DR. R. L. WALSH
301 SPTTIB STSEET.
When tiM little folks take colds
and coughs, don't neglect them
and let thera strain the tender
membranes of their lungs,
Give them
Shiloh's
Consumption
Cure TSn^"" 8
It will cure them quickly and
ilt strengthen their lungs. and
strengthen their lungs.
It is pleasant to take,
Prices, 23c., 50c., and $1.00. 6
A visiT OR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A rjs ICSI ST. beL6tk*7tk.S.F.CiL A
\ - TBr Tt>e l* r e' rt Anatssdeal Vnwnm la rtc W
A - jyp- World, irttioeues «■ any o*ctraeted A
W &S Dfc ■" .-»■•» p»Ni»»'r«-I»oar»-<J »» 'hr oilcjl w
• TSW^ SpecwliK on Cout. £R.K;un. £
A Wl OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ r C^& ' Coß*n!tid»« free tod strl«!y prirue. \
d 1 tWI Itfitnnt jvr»n«:!» or by Inter. A A
\I Sn jXMttweevrelßeTeryesiemtenikes. ¥
it tl# Vn^ hr B»rt, PBIL«l«PaT*rl
VI i II ■!*«.»., MAII.KO r&U. (AT
A A" if »»;u»fci« b«k C*r Bea.) ■-■ V
V r>K. JOKr»A>*«'O.. 1051 Market «t..B.F. "
|Th.s. brSge & c 0.,1
Jj MERCHANT TAILORS, J;
<> H.EICOVED TO <:
I 112 Sutler Street. |
BAST r&AJTCZSOO. ','<;
<> Novelt4es in Imported Wear. |:
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
833 MARKET ST., OPP MASON.
Special Attention to Mail Orders
> —
A GOOD
MAKES SKATTWO A FUMBTTKB.
Here is the place to buy It. I. have
fine Razors from SI.OO up. — ■-
GILLETTE'S SJLTSTT BABOS.
•with 12 double-edged blades, requir-
Inif no stropping nor honing. Price
* STAJt BAPETT KAZOE. Regular
price 52.00. My price now 81.25-
Razors honed and ground. Honing,
■"pocket Knives, Scissors and all
sorts of fine Cutlery.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN MTTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer. ;,
1008 aiABXET ST. OPP. Tilth. S. T.
■^■B^DnvEy.srßOKG&cd^gy
fjPATENTS->)
KB/330 MARKET ST.&F.^i^>
WEEKLY ri f T - T . 1.00 PZB TEAS,
COSSACK RIDERS
ON DARING RAID
General Rennenkampff's Di
vision Penetrates Well to
the Rear of Oyama's Army
ITS LOSS IS TRIFLING
One Man Killed and Twelve
Wounded During Six-Day
Tour of Enemy's Country
MUKDEN, Feb. 20.— General Ren
nenkampff's division, which moved out
on February 14, has returned from a
daring reconnaissance, having suc
ceeded in passing around the Japanese
left flank and penetrating well to the
rear, causing considerable consterna
tion along the line of Japanese com
munications. The losses were insignifi
cant. It was merely a raid, with no
Intention to strike in the direction of
Yinkow.
On the first day the division, which
moved in two columns, drove in the ;
Japanese cavalry and traveled twenty
five miles, stopping for the night in the
village of Santaitse, nine miles south
west of Jsiacobeje, on the line with
Liaoyang and the southward Japanese i
positions. Throughout the night Rus- '
eian videttes were in touch with the
Japanese and in the morning they I
brought in information that a force
c f infantry was moving northwestward
with a view of cutting: off the Rus- •
Bians. while a body of 5000 Chinese <
bandits, said to be commanded by a
Chinese Governor, appeared to the
southward to prevent a movement on :
Yinkow, had surh been the intention, i
At this juncture the commander de- I
termined. instead of retiring and i
abandoning his purpose of a reconnais
sance, to strike eastward, discover the !
strength of the enemy and threaten his '
rear. This bold movement was sue- j
cessful. At noon columns of Japanese '
cavalry were encountered, but meeting !
the fire of the trans-Baikal battery,
the Japanese fled, with Cossacks in j
pursuit. A battalion of Japanese in
fantry opened fire from a village. The
Russian left, which had changed front,
advanced and forced the Japanese to
abandon the village. Owing to dark- :
ness and lack of knowledge of the
strength of the Japanese, further pur
suit was suspended. The division
passed the night at the village of
Painkfan.
At daybreak of February 16 the di
vision moved eastward toward the vil
lage of Oudlagantse, which was en
trenched and occupied by Japanese
horse artillery. The advance guards
opened fire, concentrating on the
trenches in front of the village. The
distance was not great and the effect
of bursting shrapnel was easily visible.
The Japanese cavalry- suffered severe
ly, shrapnel bursting in their midst,
stampeding their horses. Detachments
of Russians occupied villages on the
flank and drove back the Japanese.
The division, having accomplished its
task, retraced its road, meeting no ser
ious resistance. The Russian losses
■were one Cossack killed and an en-
Fign and eleven men wounded.
CAPTURE OF THE POWDERHAM.
British Steamship Captured While on
"Way to Vladivostok.
TOKIO. Feb. 20. — The capture of the
British steamship Powderham, bound
for Vladivostok with a cargo of Car
diff coal, is announced by the Navy
Department.
The Powderham is a steel screw
steamship of 3019 tons register. She
was built in Middlesboro in 1892 and
is owned by the Powderham Steam
ship Company of Plymouth, England.
Liquor Supply for Baltic Fleet.
PORT LOUIS, Mauritius, Feb. 20.—
The Russian second Pacific squadron,
with colliers totaling seventy ships,
was still at Nossi Be on February 16.
Tht- Russians were buying stores, es
pecially wines and liquors. They asked
tor I'VXK) bags of flour and 60,000 cans
of potatoes at prices meaning fortunes
for the sellers.
ASSASSIN A MAX OF WEALTH.
Rough Outer Garments Evidently
Adopted as a Disguise.
MOSCOW, Feb. 20. — Although the
identity of the assassin of Grand Duke
Sergius has not yet been ascertained,
the police are convinced that he is not
a workman, but is a man of good birth.
His underclothing is of good quality
and is. fashionably made and his outer
workman's garb evidently was as
sumed as a disguise. He strongly ob
jected to donning prison attire and for
a long time refused to take off his
warm undershirt for fear of catching
cold.
Disturbances in Lodz.
LODZ, Russian upland, Feb. 20. —
Slight disturbances N»ccurred in dif
ferent sections of the city to-day. The
large mills remain closed and many
persons are leaving the city owing to
the report that a mobilization of re
serves will be ordered on February 23.
Additional trooos arrived here to-day.
Martini Law at Tsarskoe-Selo.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 20. — Mar
tiai law has been declared at Tsarskoe-
Selo owing to numerous threatening
letters being received at the Palace.
The Chief of the Secret Police has
ordered special precautions to prevent
any outrage on the Imperial family.
Railroad Men to Strike.
KIEFF. Feb. 20. — The employes of
the Southwestern 'Railway met to-day,
dlFeuFsed their grievances and decided
to call a general strike, but without
recourse to coercive measures.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
'^BKma WIWII lIHI'Ih'mIIW li "
W&M '. Taken on art«l»^ I
pi \ (half a *!■«•), frees 1H
i' , X the B«w«^-.ti»r. ■
>" ;-i ovgbly, bat - gently— : i MHE
T;.. relieves • C«mstlpatk» jgKf
,■.-■*'] and cleanses the ays- bHB
rl!£ ! tern. The superiority ffjßg
im\ of j EBB
m& "HDKYADI JANOS" / E S
§|||| over other XtJUBattVB- KB
||jfe W»tor»l» •ekasowl- !■
Ugl : edged, mm It wa« 2 BbM
§||§i »w«*d the Qraaftr. -i HH
jigK ; Priwe ait the St. Jboal* -M Kffl
■ Tafce Use Ixsrt car© - >Ui
I-" Take tile best core EStR
v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1905.
STUDENTS OF THE GREAT UNIVERSITY OF ST. PETERSBURG
JOIN STRIKE MOVEMENT AID THE INSTITUTION WILL CLOSE
Young Russia Adds Its Protest Against Despotism and Bureauc
racy and Joins in Demand for a Measure of Liberty.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 21. — With
the resolution of the student body of
the yreat University of St. Petersburg
yesterday to suspend studies for the
remainder of the university year, al
most the whole educational system of
Russia has entered upon a period of
stagnation — the protest of the youth
of Russia against the bureaucratic
system and other governmental griev- j
ances. Other universities of Russia, i
gymnasia and even grammar schools
j were already on strike, and the mil- '
| itary in various portions of the em-
I pire has been obliged to resort to
force to restrain schoolboys of tender
years who are joining the general
movement. [ _^
The meeting of St. Petersburg stu
dents, at -which more than 3000 par
ticipated, besides voting with practical
unanimity to suspend studies until
September 1, adopted a set of politi
cal resolutions demanding the forma
tion of a constituent assembly and
characterized the proposed summon
ing of the zemsky zabor as Inadequate
for the emergency. The resolutions,
after speaking of "the; progressive de
moralization of Russia under the in
fluence of the absolute regime," de
clare for freedom of speech,
lof the press and of conscience,
the right of association and
assembly and to strike, which are
described as necessary conditions for
the further progress of Russia. The
meeting also unanimously decided to
express disapproval of the Govern
ment's action In dealing with the
workmen who attempted to present
their petition to the Emperor on Jan
! vary 22 and its sympathy with the
victims of the soldiers. A large fac
tion voted in favor of ending the war.
A strong revolutionary feeling was
manifested, the red flag was waved
and the Russian "Marseillaise" and
other revolutionary songs were chant-
I cd. A large portrait of the Emperor
in the great auditorium of the univer
sity, where the meeting was held, was
torn into strips. The police did not
interfere.
Following is the text of the preamble
and resolutions adopted by the stu
dents:
Effete Rusßlan absolutism is drawing daily —
nay, hourly — to its Inevitable doom. Powerless
to cope with an awakened people, in Its agony
It devises one measure more ridiculous than
another and one more method more reckless
than another to delay its downfall. It entered
upon a criminal policy In the Far Bast whi«h
has cost the people tens of thousands of lives
and millions of hard-earned money. Con
eclous of its goal, the intelligence of the stu
dents has long conducted a stubborn fight to
obtain the most elementary human rights,
often falling; fainting before the brutal force
of an unbridled Government, until at last the
proletariat entered the historic arena and. at
the 6ame time, as it cam* to the knowledge of
itself, dealt Czardom the heaviest blow. The
recent bloody incidents have clearly shown
that absolutism is capable of no defense of
Its pitiful, shameful existence. The sincere,
fraternal, harmonious action of the proletariat
on these days of January signed the death
warrant of absolutism and without doubt in
sured the epeedy political liberation of Russia.
We, as n. faction of the educational commu
nity, conscious of our gx>al, welcome the
solidarity of the workmen and put forward the
following demands :
1 The summoning of a legislative assembly
on the basis of a universal, equal and secret
ballot cf male and female citizenship, freedom
of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of
organization and strike.
2 Amnesty for all who have been punished
for their political or religious convictions.
3. The fact of t>elonEing to any particular
nationality shall not prejudice political rights.
Further, as a guarantee against interference
of the Russian Government in the free execu
tion of these demands, a people's militia must
immediately be formed in whose ranks all cltl
aens can fight to realize our aspirations.
There is no conflrrrtation of the re
port that Emperor Nicholas has decid
ed to issue a decree on March 4 con
vening the zemsky zabor.
The joint commission of employers
and workmen instituted by the Em
peror to investigate the causes of labor
disturbances, is now taking shape. The
workmen of a number of large facto
ries have already elected representa
tives to the assemblage which will
choose the labor members of the com
mission. The Putitoff Company's men
have taken a bold step in selecting
among their men representatives who
were put into Jail after the affair of
January 22, including Inozemtzeff. the
vice president of Father Gopon's or
ganization.
"These are our leaders," say the
workmen; "now see if the Government
is sincere in saying it will allow us
free choice and immunity from arrest."
The peasants of two communes in
the Province of Voronesch, In South
west Russia, have taken the unprece
dented step of telegraphing direct to
Emperor Nicholas, asking that their
wishes be consulted in the settlement
of the grievances in the matter of
rents.
MASOX, Mich.. Feb. 20.— Mm. Carrie Jos
lyn. who pleaded rullty to having: murdered
her husband with poison, and Isaac- 1 Swan, a
former employe of tha Joelyns, -wen both na
tesced to-day to Ufa Imprisonment
SCENES. IN ST - PETERSBURG DURING THE STRIKE RIOTS -IN JANUARY. -
- < CULMINATING. IN THE TRAGEDY OF JANUARY '22. IN WHICH MORE)
THAN 500 WORKING MEN AND WOMEN KILLED OR WOUNDED.
REES ESCAPES
FROM BELMONT
Howell Caradoc Rees, the New York
clubman, whose recent eccentric ac
tions at the Palace and St. Francis
hotels culminating in his threats to
kill a friend named Gignoux, his arrest j
and final sequestration in a private
sanitarium at Belmont, made a recent
sensation, escaped from that institu- p
tion last night and walked back to the
city.
Late last evening, hungry and foot
sore, and bearing noticeable evidence
of having made a long and rough over
land trip, Rees suddenly appeared in
the St. Francis Hotel bar. There he
procured a drink and then returned to
the hotel office, where he told the
clerks that he had only a few hours
before escaped from the Belmont Sani
tarium.
His eyes were bloodshot, his formerly
full face rather drawn and his clothes
soiled with dust. To the hotel clerk he
said he had walked from Belmont, but
later he referred to an experience on
an electric car, which .suggested the
probability of his having ridden part
of the way.
"I won't take a room to-night," re
marked Rees, "for it is too late," and
turning around he marched out of the
hotel, whistling loudly. To several
guests of the hotel, who had met him,
while he was staying at the St. Fran
cis, Rees appeared to be as insane, if
not more so, than when he was ar
rested several weeks ago.
Rees comes from a good New York
family and is a well educated man,
who has seen much of the world.
During his several weeks' stay in
San Francisco he stayed first at the
Palace and then at the St. Francis.
At the latter hostelry he ran up a
large bill and was finally locked out.
His arrest for threatening Gignoux's
life followed and on January 25 he
vas turned over to his friends and
placed in the Belmont Sanitarium. A
week later -his brother came from
New York to arrange for his comfort
and eventual removal to a private
asylum in New York, whither Rees
was to be taken in a few days.
GRAND OPERA
IN THE SOUTH
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 20.— A season
of grand opera by the Savage English
Grand Opera Company opened at the
Mason Opera-house to-night under the
most favorable conditions. The open
ing opera was "Lohengrin," which was
sung in English for the first time in
this city. The production was splen
didly staged and the principals proved
to be thorough artists. The principals
In to-night's performance were as fol
lows: Lohengrin, William Wegener;
Henry I, Harrison Bennett; Telera
mund, Arthur Deane; herald, Thomas
David Richards; Elsa, Gertrude Ken
nyson; Ortrud, Rita Newman; Gott
fried, Frances Powers; conductor,
Schenck.
The Savage English Grand Opera
Company Is now In Its ninth season,
being the first successful organization
of Its kind during the fifty years' his-
ROBBERS BEAT
THEIR VICTIMS
Two men last night held up the sa
loon of James Hood, an aged man, at
the corner of Twenty-fourth and Noe
streets. The thieves beat the
proprietor and a customer Into
unconsciousness when resistance to
the robbery was offered. One of
the robbers, who gave the name of
Edward Welsh and said he was a
painter living at 921 Alvarado street,
was arrested later and booked at the
Mission station on a charge of rob
bery.
About 8:45 p. m. George Davorlen
of 441 Elizabeth street went to the
rear of Hood's saloon. He saw Welsh
and his confederate attempting to roli
away a barrel of whisky. When he
asked what they were doing the
thieves set upon him and dealt him a
succession of blows on the head and
face, cutting his scalp in three places.
Proprietor Hood heard the scuffle and
rushed to the rear of his establish
ment to ascertain the trouble. Welsh
seized a large cigar cutter and felled
Hood with one blow. While the pro
prietor and customer lay unconscious
the robbers went through the till, took
$7, all it contained, and made their
escape.
When Hood recovered conscious
ness he telephoned for the pollke. De
tective Graham and Policemen Cole
man and Harrison arrested Welsh at
Twenty-fifth and Harrison streets.
Hood identified him as one of his as
sailants.
Davorlen was removed to the City
and County Hospital, where it was
found that he had several ugly lac
erations of the scalp and a possible
fractured skull. Hood was prostrat
ed by the blows he received and will
be confined to his bed for several
days.
Welsh's confederate, who escaped,
is described as being about 24 years
of age. He wears a slouch hat and
light overcoat. Hood and Davorlen
say they can identify him if he is cap
tured. The police are still looking
for him.
At a late hour last night Harry
Craig of Twenty-sixth and Castro
streets was arrested by Policeman Col
burn and Detective Graham on the
belief that he was Welsh's confederate.
He has a bad police record. The po
lice had to break into his room to
capture him. He was identified by
George Davorlen as one of the men
who assaulted him and Hood. Craig
was booked at the Mission station on
a charge of robbery.
MUNICIPAL, OWNERSHIP
IN TOWN OF SAUSALITO
Citizens to Decide To-Day Whether
City Will Own Its Water
System.
SAUSALITO, Feb. 20. — The citizens
of this city will vote to-morrow on
the question of issuing bonds for
$100,000 for the purpose of acquiring
a municipal water works and a water
supply.
Tory of opera in America. The enMre I
company numbers 150 people, carries
an orchestra of fifty musicians and a
special trainload of scenery and cos
tumes for complete productions of each
opera in the repertoire. Its record in
cludes 4500 performances of grand
opera in English, with productions of
elgrhty-one masterpieces.
MUSICAL STARS
AVOID BERLIN
Paderewski, Melba, Kubelik
and Caruso Complain of
Unfairness in Germany
IRVING'S FORMER PAY
Famous Actor Forty Years
Ago in London Received
Fourteen Dollars a Week
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 20.— Hufi) Gorlitz.
Paderewski's manager, is authority
for the rather surprising statement
that owing to unfair treatment re
ceived by them in Berlin, six of the
greatest musical artists of the twen
tieth century, including Paderewski. de
cline to accept engagements in the Ger
man capital at any terms. Goriitz says
that when Paderewski played at the
Philharmonic Hall in Berlin, opponents
of the ereat pianist bribed members
of the orchestra. He declares that the
horn deliberately played out of tune,
and when an encore was given the con
ductor spent most of the time in sneez
ing. So Paderewski has refused to
visit the Kaiser's capital again, de
clining a recent offer of $7500 for two
concerts.
Gorlitz says that since Paderewski
was insulted the two De Reszkea also
have declined offers from Berlin and
that, Melba, Caruso and Kubelik all
have received such unfair treatment
from musical critics in Berlin that
nothing will induce them to visit the
city.
Apropos of Paderewski. an account
has just come to hand of a graceful
little act which the pianist performed
in Auckland, New Zealand, during his
recent tour. A concert which Pad
wrewski had advertised at Auckland,
having been abruptly abandoned,
thirty music lovers who had traveled
long distances to attend the recital
went to Paderewski's hotel for re
dress. As soon as the pianist under
stood their errand he had the whole
party up into his private apartments,
where he played several selections for
them and insisted on all hands having
supper with him afterward.
SHAW SCORES SHAKESPEARE.
George Bernard Shaw, having been
rediscovered in the United States re
cently, the go-ahead managers of the
Court Theater, who also are going to
produce plays by Ibsen. Briex, Mae
terlinck and W. B. Yeats during the
spring season, have decided to devote
much attention to the author of
"Candida." "John Bull's Other Is
land" is to have a two weeks' run
beginning next Monday. The skit,
'Hnw He Lied to Her Hsuband,"
which Shaw wrote for Arnold Daly and
whirh has not yet been seen in this
<ountry. will form part of a triple bill
at the Court before long, and a bit later
"You Never Can Tell' Is to be re
vival.
Ituidentally Shaw has been having
another go at the rival for whom he
has so eminent a contempt — the late
William Shakespeare. In a lecture de
li vrrod at Manchester the other day,
Shaw declared that Shakespeare was a
snob.
"He was born a snob, lived a snob j
and died a snob." asserted Shaw. ]
"His one dream was to get enough !
money to go back to Stratford to buy I
back the property of his bankrupt
family and get back their coat of
arms. Do not suppose that Shakes- i
pea re was a democratic character. He ;
had no religious belief, and his phil- I
nsophy was that evil is greater than j
good." Shaw also complained of the
want of sympathy for the democracy |
in Shakespeare's plays. "They are
crowded," he said, "with kings and
nobles, and the members of the lower
classes are always servants."
CALIFORNIA ON STAGE.
The play in "A Midsummer Night's
Dream," in which Bottom, the weaver;
Snug, the joiner, and their comrades
take part, is called to mind by a the
atrical performance which has just
been given in the little English village
of Hildenborough, Kent. The piece
given was a melodrama of California
called "The Luck of the Brians,"
which had been written in the village
and was performed by villagers.
The cast included a local tailor, two
blacksmiths, a bicycle repairer, a gar
dener, a saddler's apprentice, a groom
APVERTISEMEXTS.
j A truly artistic tendency is that which
I dictates the use of Oriental Rugs in those
f| rooms whei*e a note of richness is re-
Inquired to complete the theme. The
|| beauty of these glorious floor coverings
a in their deep lustrous dyes and wonder-
m fully intricate designs gathers perfect
|] emphasis in our exhibit. The gorgeous
§ reds, blues and yellows fjom Persian
H looms, the marvelous multifarious col-
q ors and shades from Turkey and the
jg conventional and cabalistic designs
1 from India are expressive of color, *
I richness and decorative utility. Our se-
tt lection in room sizes of Oriental Rugs
i for residence, hotel, club and office fur-
c nishings in all qualities is very complete
9 In smaller rugs a collection unrivaled
I in extent and variety is shown. j
B I An inspection of our window display reveals strik- I
■ I in g examples of the beauty of our Rug exhibit.
I eJosJprederioks 8c (| •
34^50 ELLIS ST. m n a c r a kSi
GRUNSKI TAKES
REGULAR FEES
Testimony Shows That He,
as the Others, Accepted
Coin as Railroad Director
LETTER MISLEADING
After He Learns the Views
of President Roosevelt He
Changes His Attitude
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.— Testimony
before the House Committee on Inter
state and Foreign Commerce investi
gating the affairs of the Panama Rail
road to-day showed that, notwith
standing the letter of Commissioner
Grunsky to Chairman Hepburn read
to the committee on Saturday, in
which it was stated that Grunsky had
returned "unopened" his first fee en
velope as a director <>f the railroad,
he afterward took the same fee and all
others accruins. amounting in all t<>
$250. This statement was made by
Vice President Drake of the road-
After stating in his letter that he
Had returned the first fee because he
considered it was compensation ir
lation of the President's order, Grun
sky Quotes the minutes of the Canal
Commission meeting hHd just after h«
had returned the fee and which con
tain the statement of Admiral WUker
that the President did not consider th»
fee "additional compensation," anil
that it was not In violation of n!a own
order. Grtinsky. however, did not ex
plain in the letter that afterward he
had taken the fee.
Mann asked Walker if It was not
his opinion that the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, controlled by th»
Union and Southern PariftV railway?,
was interested In keeping up th<*
steamship rate between San Franriso
and New York. Walker said tha* it
was not until the Panama Railroad
Company had threatened to break with
the Pacific Mail Steamship Compnnv
that it secured any considerable
amount of through freight. Thirty-six
thousand tons a year was wanted, hut
only 12.000 tons was forthoo4nfn«. A
demand for more brought the tonnage
up to 30,000 tons last year.
and a maker of cricket -bans. The
piece in which these rustic thespians
appeared was written by a medical
student and the editor of the local
paper and the scenery was home
made likewise. The village organist
wrote a special overture and a carol,
which was Introduced with "snowfall
effects." The village schoolmaster and
grocer- postmaster took charge of the .
business end, a master-painter was
property-man, a coachman was
prompter, a carriage-builder assisted
in the stage management and a couple
of plumbers acted as stage carpen
ters. The performance was a great
success.
SALATUFS OF TEAKS AGO.
There is much of Interest for the
ater-goers In a payroll, which has Just
come to light, of the old Queen's The-
I ater, which used to stand !n Lor,:
Acre, but w,»ich disappeared* year ago
from the list of « London playhouses.
I This payroll is dated 1567, at which
time the present Sir Henry Irving. El
; len Terry; Sir Charles "Wyndham, Toolc
I and Lionel Broush all were members
of the company at the Queen's.
According to this record Sir Henry'
' salary at that time was only £2 13a Id,
i or about $13 a week, whereas the pres-
I ent Sir Charles Wyndham was getting
; $15 and Ellen Terry. • $25. Lionel
Brough. who must now be receiving at
least $200 a week from Beerbohm Tree,
was then drawing $12 50. Tool* was
by far the best raid member of the
company, with a salary of nearly $60 ■
week, or about what a "star" of to-day
would spend on motoring. Another fa
miliar name in this payroll Is that of
the former Miss Hodson, who for many
years has been the wife of Henry
Labouchere, M. P. She received $15 ■
week. . .
I>ara Jtu-.Tltau; Instruction $3 p«r month.
Nippon School of Jlu-Jltsu. Majestic bulTdlnff.*
■ ♦ ■
VICTORIA. B. C. Feb. 20.— Information
was received at Esquimau to-<lay that the de
fenses there an/1 at Halifax will be taken over
■without delay from the imperial Government
by the Dominion of Canada. It Is estimated
1 that two million dollars a year will be ex
pended on the defense works. ' - ;
56
FOUR PUBLIC CHOICES FALL BY THE WAYSIDE AT OAKLAND TRACK
RECTOR, A HEAVILY SUPPORTED CHOICE IN THE RING,
IS EASILY DEFEATED BY JUDGE, WITH IVA POWELL UP
Mooropus Captures the Two- Year-Old Scramble in a Gallop,
Well Ridden by Bonner and Backed From 12 to 3.
Greenock Takes a
Fancy to the
Deep Going.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
Four public choices were tipped over
m the muddy going at Oakland yester
day. The bookmakers had little to
gloat over though, for the different
winners were all fairly well backed.
No doubt th« severest rebuff re
ceived by the talent occurred in the
concluding event, when Rector fell
easy prey to Judge. Mrs. Bckert's>
sprinter, which closed a 9 to 10 favor
ite, did not handle weight as well as
expected and Judge, nicely ridden by
Powell, won In ragtime fashion. The
winner's odds were forced down from
18 to 5 to 12 to 6.
The maiden two-rear-old scramble at
three furlongs wag responsible tor a
very warm one in Mooropus, a son of
Canopus. The youngster's price was
I'ounded down from 12 to 3 and, ridden
nner, yon in a gallop. Iron Wat
>-on beat the favorite, St. Francis,
engths for the place.
Greenock captured the six furlong
belling number, starting second choice
in the betting. The old fellow has
a decided fancy tor light muddy going
and he scored like a stake horse. Hlp
ponax, the favorite, finished second,
more than a length ahead of Port
Wayne. Bath Beach out out th© early
pace and then died away.
With both Alone and Mistress of
Rolls scratched from the seven furlong
selling number for three-year-olds, a
very open betting proposition was left,
Jimmy Coffey*s filly Light of.Day, with
Taylor up, had the call and finished
second to Grenore. Wright rode the
latter, keeping his mount in front from
start u» finish. Calculate failed to dis
play any epeed.
Profitable appears to be a very good
horse at times to play. In the betting
■ n the mile and fifty-yard selling run
he was the only one in demand, and
went out winning all the way. Glen
;.rvon finished second and Play Ball
third. The golnp was too heavy for
Follow Me. Graham was not strong
enough to do anything with Mr.
Dingle.
Not unlike many another young
rider, Graham found It impossible to
ride two races alike. The youngster
had the mount again on Barney Drey
fuss, favorite for the mile and a six
b selling event, and had rather a
tempestuous voyage. Finally losing an
acre of ground on the stretch turn, his
mount finished an indifferent second
-nt. the second choice. Budd
Wade took the show from Serenity.
TRACK NOTES.
The California Derby will be decid
ed at Oakland to-morrow.
Dr. Leggo, a native son bred at
Napa Stock Farm, will be the favorite.
Nobody is barred, and Jimmy Mc-
I^aughlin, owner of Oxford, can have
another crack at the Doctor if he
■want*; It.
% Bill" Knapp piloted two win-
Puss" Wright was there with two,
also.
Twenty-eight books are laying odds
kland. That is about as many as
ar P doing businesp at the two Ntor Or
trsrk.s rombihed.
Press accounts report Tod Sloan as
riding up to his old time form. Wait
until he is beaten on a 4 to 5 chance
for the real dope.
Dave Zelinsky sold the contract he
holds on the services of Jockey J. T.
an to W. M. Rogers yesterday
for I'iOO. Just at present Sheehan is
under suspension for a ride on An
drew B. Cook, which failed to please.
the way to the post Grenore
1 and was lei some forty yards
-.nouncer Bob McGibben. Near
the clubhouse Grenore suddenly
wheeled, but Bob, quick as a cat, es
i serious injury.
The stable of Joe Quinlan has been
restored to good standing by the stew-
TJv poor showing made in a
\ibemarle caused the trouble.
- l.'ing made by the as
ition u> bring the c racks together
rule handicap, which is down for
Saturday. The event will
- I to $1500 if the horses
named start, carrying the following
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN!
A BOOK FULL OF FACTS ABOUT
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt for Weak Men
I KNOW THAT NO MAN REMAINS A WEAKLING BECAUSE HE WANTS
TO; I am sure that you want to overcome every Indication of early' decay that has
shown Itself on you. I -don't think the man lives who would not like to feel, as big a
and strong as a Sandow, and I know that If you have a reasonable foundation to
build upon I can make you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want yon
to know that, you who can't believe It. and I want you to have my book. In which
I describe how I learned that manly strength was only electricity and how, l learned
to restore It; also I want to tell you the names of some men who will tell you that
when they came to me they were physical wrecks and are now among the finest
specimens of chyalcal manhood. ' ' < , - ,
A. HAPPY MAN.
SHERWOOD. Mendodno Co., CaL. Oct. 7, 1804.
PR. McLATTGHLIN Dear Sir: In answer to your letter I will say that your
Belt made a complete cure of my lame back In. about two months. This was some ,
two years ago, and notwithstanding th* fact that I have done the very hardest
kind of work elnce then I have not been troubled. I have made It a point to tell
every one I could of what your Belt has done for me, and I will certainly con-
tinue to praise It whenever I get a caarce. Tours very truly. N. W. CRAFT.
I want you te read this book and learn the troth about my arguments. If you
are not as vigorous as you would like to be. If you have rheumatic pains, weak
kidneys, loss of vitality, prostatlc troubles, . nervous spells, rarioocele or any ailment -
of that kind that unmans you. It would assure . you future happiness If you would .
look into this method of mine. Don't delay it, your best days are slipping by. if
you want this book I send It closely sealed, free If you send this ad. Call for
free consultation.
dr. to. c. Mclaughlin * 9 ?S2fSES'ooToS£ l^' ■
Office Hours a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, . 10 ;to; 1. , , ,' % 4
SAN FRANCISCO CAIL'S RACING FOEM CHART.
OAKLAND — Monday, Feb. 20. "Weather fine. Track heavy. ■ ' '•
7911. FIRST RACE — Three furlongs; pairs*; two-year-oldsj maiden** value to fir**, $825.
i — - ■ - - < , -|
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. $4. ft. %. Btr. Fin- I . Jockey. Op. ! Cl.
.... (Mooropus (Sheridan & C 0.)... 109 1 ..'. 77. /!T T* 1 2 [Bonner ....I 10 ' 8
.... Iron Watson (Stanfleld & Co.) 112 5 ... —  ... 8 1%2 5 J. Jones... 4 6
.... St.' Francis (Murry & Co.) 113 7 .... M . ... 48.88 Bullman .. 2 7-2
.... Ramon a (D. Zellneky) 10» 8 ..« .... ... 52.4 1% Bell 10 20
.... C. Eastland (J. Hackett) 100 2 .., mmm ... 28 62 Travers .^. 6 20
.... Canopa (H. Stover) 10© 4 ... _ „ „ .. 65 6 8 Hoffman -. 20 20
.... Sugar Maid (W. Scharetg) . . . 109 0 ... .... ..„ 7%7 1% Otis 10 10
.... Boloman (D. S. Fountain) .... 11210 ... ... ....8882 W. Knapp. 10 7
.... First Lake (P. McAullfte) . . . 100 6 ... ... ... 9 91% H. Mlchels. 10 20
.... Legal Form (Mclaughlin) 112 8 ... ... ... 10 10 Blrkenruth 15 20
.... Tenordale (Patterson & Co.). 112 11 ... ... ... 11 11 Laxsen .... 5 7
.».. EMwarda (Edwards & C 0.)... 112 12 .... 12 12 Sherwood . 20 60
Time— -SSi\i. -.38%. At post l«i minutes. Oft at 2:13%. Mooropos, place, 7-5; show, 4-6.
Watson, place, 8; show, 8-2. Francis, show, 1. Winner, b. g. by Canopus-Hannah
Moore. Trained by P. Sheridan. Scratched — King, Sploosa. Start poor. Won
easily. Eeoond easily. Third driving. Winner best. Iron Watson ran a nice race. St.
Francis did not have dear sailing at the start. Canopa will Improve on this.
7912. SECOND RACE— furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up: value to first, $325.
Index*. Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. \i. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. { Op. (3.
T907 Oreenook. a (J. W00d5)..,... 112 4 ... 68682 VI 1 2%|W. Knapp. f 8 8
7887 Hlpponax. a (A, C. Dean)... 109 2 ... 8 n 4%8 % 2 l%|Alarle 2 &-5
7007 Fort Wayne, 6 (A. Ross) 112 8 ... 41 21 4^B n" Loague ... 0 6
7901 Bath Beach 4 (McClary) 10!> 1 ... 11 1 1%1 n 4 % Bell ... 4 6
7900 iChablle. 4 (b. Zelinsky) 108 7 ... 71*7 S8 4 54 Blrkenruth 80 40
7828 Em. Reubold, 0 (Burger Co.) 102 6 ... 2 h 8 n 5 2%6 8 Graham ... 10 15
7558 Wistaria, • (Stockton Stbi.).. 104 5 ... 8 8 6% 7 8 7 5 Wright ... 15 -12
7899 Gyros, 5 (H. Green) 112 8 ... 6 3 810810 86 Sherwood.. 50 100
7841 «Lord EHden. 6 (Klmbly & B.) IIP 8 ...» 9 9 9 Tullett .... 80 50
Time — r25«4. :51. 1:18%. At post % minute. Off at 2:36%. Greenock, place, 1; show,
1-2. Hipponax. place, 7-10; show, 1-3. Wayne, show, 1. Winner, br. h. by Bramble-
LHllan Lindsay. Trained by W. P. Woods. Scratched — Me, Tarrlgan, Marello. My
Surprise, Laura D. ■ Start good. Won In a gallop. Balance driving. Greenock can go
some In light mud. Hlpponax did his best. Xo pebbles gathered on Bath Beach.
Others no account. 'Formerly Lord Kldred.
7913. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling: 3-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. jWtlSt. >£ . %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
7894 ] Grenore (J. Davis) 98 1 1 1%1 1%1 2%1 31 1% Wright .... 5 16-6
7444 Light of Day (Mrs. Coffey).. 100 6 3%4n41 41 21 Taylor .... 2 11-5
7875 Lily Goldlng (J. T. Collins).. 100 2 5 1%2 a. 2% 2 1*43.6 Alvarado ..6 5
7SS2 'Calculate (D. S. Fountain)... 107 4 4h5152 52 41 Bonner - 8 19-5
7Sd4 Olendene (Mrs. Sanders) 108 3 2 1«3 3 3 «i S % 5 U, Blrkenruth 8 10
Hl3 Glenflnan, (A. Ross) 106 6 6 6 6 6 6 Loague 80 80
Time— :2s%, :52%, l:20H, 1:33%. At post V, minute. Off at 8:01%. Grenore. place, 6-5;
show, 2-6. Day, place, 1; show. 1-2. Goldlr.g. show, 3-5. Winner, eh. g. by Rublcon-
Aaita B. Trained by W. Fisher. Scratched — of Rolls. Alone. Start good.
Won all out Balance driving. With a stronger ride Light of Day could have won.
Lily Goldlng ran a fair race. Calculate no speed. Glendene retired.
7914. FOURTH RACE — mile and 60 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. H. H. %. Btr. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
7901 Profitable 6 (A. Winters). . .1001 5 18 15 18 18 11% [Wright 6-2 B-2
7&02 Glenarvon, 5 (Summers Co). 109 7 6 2%4 1%3 1%2 1 2 6 Minder 7-2 . 4
7902 Play Ball. 4 (Mrs. Davidson) 100 1 86 36 44 34 8% W. Knapp. 4 18-5
7595 Mr. Dingle, 5 (Tierney & Co.) '103: 8 8 7 1%5 2 5^46 Graham ... 6 6
7867 Follow Me, a (Mosler Bros.). 105 3 2% 2 2V62 n4 4 5 6 Birkenruth .5 8
(7627) The Ledaean, 6 (Rohebgh)... 109 2 76 66 68 68 6n Blake 16 20
7858 Resin. 6 (M. J. Devers) 107 6 56 5%78 7 20 720 H. Michaels 60 60
7855 (Tom Rlley, 4 1 (McLaughlln) . . 100 4 4n 8 8 8 8 Greenfield . 20 25
Time— :2s%. :6m. 1:19% 1:47%. 1:51. At post 1% minutes. Off at 3:27. Profitable,
place, 1: show 1-2. Glenarvon, place, 7-5; show, 8-6. Ball, show, 8-5. Winner, eh.
g by Golden Garter- Ventura. Trained by P. Fitzpatrick. — Inspector Munro,
Estoy Llsto, Frangible, Jack Little. Start good. Won handily. Balance driving.
Profitable likes mud and was probably best. Glenarvon did pretty well. Play Ball
groped his way along, as If the going didn't suit him. Mr. Dingle requires strong
handling. Too muddy for Follow me.
7915. FIFTH RACE — and a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-y-o. and up; value to first $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. %. V,. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. 1 Op. Cl.
7904 Erne, 6 (J. Curl) 97 1 In lh 12 13 18 W. Knapp. 8 14-5
(7P04) B. Dreyfuss. 4 (R. de Neffe).. 93 5 4 IH3 1%8 4 2ft 2 6 Graham ... 8-5 18-10
7904 udd Wade, 6 (Baker Cy. 8.). 976 8n 21 21 82 36 Greenfield . 6 9-2
7002 Serenity. 4 (Dayton & X.) 107 2 5 % 5 2 4 6 4 12 4 20 C. Miller... 10 20
7410 M Peeress, 6 (Mrs. Coffey)... 93 3 2 1 4 n 6 2U5 »i 6 4 (Taylor .... 4 8
(7885) Sunny Shore, 5 (J. Dunn) 95! 4 6 6 6 6 6 |Wright.... .15 ,20
Time— :20% :52H, 1:19%. 1:48%, 1:53%. At post H minute. Off at 3:63. Erne, . place.
7-10: show 1-4. Dreyfuss, place, 11-20: out show. Wade, show, 3-5. Winner, br. g.,
by Eon-Guava. Trained by J. D. Stevens. Scratched — Claueus. Start good. Won easily.
Second and third easily. Erne received the best handling. Graham on the favorite got
cut off and finally lost an acre of ground on the stretch turn. Budd Wade ran out
in the stretch. Serenity can do better. Montana Peeress no m udder. Sunny Shore likes
a good track. ,- ' -,-,-,-,-,--,,-,-,--,-,-,•-' . . ! _.'
7910. SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse; 4- year-olds and up; value to first $325.
lu,j Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. C-T.
7003 'Judge. 4 (J. J. McAlester)... 112 1 ... 2n 33 32 1 2%j1. Powell.. 3 13-6
7903 Rector 4 (Mrs. Dckert) 109 6 ... 8 3 1 % 1 %2 3 W. Knapp. 1 9-10
7700 Rowena, 4 (Gaylord & C 0.)... 103 5 ... 1% 2 1 2n 3 n Graham ... 10 8
7897 iCaotain Forage, 4 (X.Engld S.) 112 4 ... 6 6 3 43 42% Birkenruth 6 13
7460 'oevrohe. 4 (Mrs. Coffey) 108 3 .... 4h 4n 61 64 FHzpatrik . 10 20
4|m Uta G, 5 (W. Adams) 107 2 ... 6h 6 6 6 Bell 40 50
Tlme^-25>4 :48*i, 1:18. At post % minute. Off at 4:23%. Judge, place, 7-10; show,
1-3 Rector, place 7-20; out show. Rowena, show, 4-5. Winner, blk. h., by Athellng-
Judy Trained by EL J. Ramsey. Scratched — Soufrlere. Start good. Won easily. Bal
ance" driving. Judge well ridden and beet. Too much weight for Rector to handle. Ro
wena pulled up In bad shape. Captain Forsee ran his race. Ocyrohe no speed to
speak of.
weights allotted: Claude, 116; Dainty,
113; Honiton, 108; Ananias, 103; W.
R Condon, 100. The naming of these
horses does not, of course, prevent
other horses from being entered and
they will be handicapped according to
their performances. In addition the
association will add $1000 more to
the winner's share of the purse if the
mile record of 1:37 2-5, held by Dick
Welles, is broken.
W. (Yellow) Dorsey, an old em
ploye of the association across the
bay, who has been in failing health
for some time, leaves for Banning to
day. The balmy air of the desert is
expected to work a wonderful Im
provement in his condition.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1905
TOOTHS PLAT
FAST TENNIS
McLoughlin Carries Home
the Trophy by Beating
Strachan in the Finals
The final match of the boys' handi
cap singles tournament, which was not
completed on the park courts Satur
day afternoon, was finished yesterday.
The contestants were Miles Mclaugh
lin and Robert Strachan. McLiOUghlin
was the victor and his name will be
the first engraved on the handsome
Reed and Barton trophy. This cup Is
the best that has been competed for
on the park oourts. About fifty boys
entered the tournament and each was
anxious to secure the first win. The
cup must be won three times under
handicap conditions.
McLrOughlln's victory was a well
earned one as he was the most heavily
handicapped player in the tourna
ment. He played from "80" below
acratch and in his first match also
gave "30." In the finals yesterday he
allowed Strachan owe odds of "16."
When darkness set in on Saturday the
score read set all and 4-4.
The players decided to play the
third and deciding set over. Mc-
Loug-hlln won the set played yesterday
quite handily. The soore was 6-2.
The winner was extremely steady for
a* youngster and made but few errors.
Strachan played a clever game for so
small a lad, but McLoughlin was too
strong for him.
Schaeffer Breaks Finger.
PTTTSBURG, Pa_, Feb. 20. — Jaoob
Schaeffer, the bllliardist, met with a
mishap last night that will keep him
from the table for six or eight weeka.
He slipped on the icy pavement at
Bdgewood while leaving the residence
of George Myers, where he was visit-
Ing. He broke the little finger of his
right hand. The physician who at
tended him said the finger will not heal
before six or eight weeks. Schaeffer
called off the tour with Willie Hoppe
and left for Chicago, his home, to-day.
Women's Foursomes on Links,
The ladies of the San Francisco Golf
and Country Club will play this ' after
noon In ; women's 5 foursomes, .. over
eighteen holes, medal score, i*. The win
ning pair will 'i receive ;t; t prizes. This
will be the last competition in '• which
the ladles will, engage during the pres
ent month , on*. the Presidio; course. For
the month of March { two contests have
been scheduled fc* the women's irf^n
SELECTIONS
FOR OAKLAND
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
First race — Novi, Semllune, Chief
Wittman.
Second race — Golden Buck, Agnes
Mack, Batidor.
Third race— Dora I, Hulford, Su
burban Queen.
Fourth race — Frangible, Isabellita,
TraDsetter.
Fifth race—Jack Little, Hungarian.
Play Ball.
Sixth race — ML A. Powell, D«l Ca
rina, True Wing.
SELLING PLATERS
HAVE A DAY.
The card at Oakland Is made up al
most entirely of selling events to-day.
The fields are evenly balanced and
some good sport should be witnessed.
First race— Three and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, selling.
7t>Bl Chief Wittman (Ferguson) 110
7U05 Cazazza (Stover) .......llu
78»3 *Dangerou 8 Girl (Murray) „ 102
7857 Isla (.Daly) 107
7509 'Southern Lady (Spratt) 102
7857 Semllune (Roche) »••* 107
7U05 *Lady Catherine (Zellnsky) 102
7905 Novi (Gardan City Stable) HO
7881 Miss Topsy (Cameron) 107
Second race — Futurity course, three-year-olds
and up, 861110?.
7912 Lord Elden (Klmberly & Small) 109
7883 Skip Me (Madison) ' 107
7726 Golden Buck (Schorr) ~..... 92
7867 "Meada (Blanchi & Co.) ... — 8(5
(7906) Silicate (Barrett) 108
7798 Batidor (Fine) 109
7859 The Hawaiian (Wilson) 106
7906 'Educate (Hpppas) 102
70Uti Agnes Mack (McClary & Co.) 107
Third race — Seven furlongs, four-year-olda
and up, selling-.
(7902) Suburban Queen (Winter & Johnson). .107
7896 Toto Gratiot (Multnomah Stable) 112
7907 'Hulford (Schneckloth) 101
7815 Bob Palmer (Coalter) 100
(7807)»Dora I (Ryan) ....102
7556 Mr. Famum (Wilson) ...... «. 100
7912 Hipponax (Deane) .....~ 1< 9
7899 Brown Patsy (Moorehouse) .... 106
Fourth- race — One mile and twenty yards;
four-year-oilds and ur. selling:
7004 •Trapsetter (Eze(l) ~ 102
7915 •Barney Dreyfuns (De Neffe) 99
(7877) The Fretter (O'Rourke) ...112
7877 Isabellita (Ronaldson) __~... 107
7901 •Modicum (Fountain) ....„_. M ._ ... 107
7907 Cloche dOr (Coffey) 107
(7908) •Frangible (Curl) 104
Fifth race — One mile; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
7908 Mordente (McClary & Co.) 107
7914 Glenarvon (Summers $ C 0.).. ...109
7806 Hungarian (McGrath) 104
7002 Foxy Grandpa (Coffey) .._....„ „.... .102
7914 Play Ball (Davidson) 99
7914 Mr. Dingle (Tierney) 107
7902 Blackthorn (Fink) 112
7877 'Homage (Stephenson) ............... 97
7889 Jack Little (Fine) ....104
Sixth race — Futurity course; three- year-olds ;
purse: .
7820 St. Dennis (Zelinsky) 102
(6762)Cloudllcht (Molera & Josephs) 100
Tl-^T 1 -^ .Vndvari f Hooper) 110
7sn» Celeres (Martin) 105
7800 Del Carina (Smith) ......100
7SS4 Lindsay Gordon (Daly) 105
7682 Duplex (Touhey) 100
7871 M. A. Powell (Wilson) 110
7892 True Wing (Ryan) 106
Crescent City Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 20. — Crescent City
results:
First race, five and a half furionge — Diplo
mat won. Old Hal second, Mercury third
Time, 1:12 4-5.
Second race, six furlonps — Que«n Rose won.
Presentiment second, FaJlona third. Time,
1:19.
Third race, four furlongs — Verdant ■wnn,
Filatory second, Jim McGlnnlsa third. Time,
:52.
Fourth race, one mile — Careless won, Phil
Finch second. Judge Mimes third. Time.
1:47 1-6.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Decoration won. Canyon Becond, Lampoon
third. Time, 1:55 1-5.
Sixth race, five furlongrs^ — Halcyon Pays' ■w-nn.
Queen Esther second, Monamour third. Timei
1 :07.
City Park Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 20. — Now Orleans
Jockey Club (City Park) results:
Flrßt race. fly« furlongrs — Lldwina won.
Roxell second. Peerless Queen third. Time,
1:05 3-5.
Second race, four furlongs — Reuben won,
Techomlnso second, Mint Boy third. Time,
:51 2-5.
Third race, seven furlongs — Fox Hunting
won, Janeta second, Mlzzenmast third. Time,
1 :85 1-6.
Plourth raoe, six furlongs — Tallow Hammer
won. Clifton Boy second. Banana. Cream third.
Tim*. 1:19 8-5. '
Fifth raoe, six furlongs — Moderator won,
Jvili.i M second, The Buffoon third. Time,
1:19 2-5.
Sixth raoe, one mile — Lady Chariot won,
Llda Lelb ncond, Morris Vollmer third. Time,
1:50.
Hot Springs Results.
< HOT BFRXNT3B, Ark.. Feb. 20.— OtMtim *».'
snltst • ~
First ' race, three and a half , furlong* —
America II won. Stclyou * second, Asure third.
Time, 1:47 4-5.
Second race, six • farlongß^ — Mlmon won,
Shady Lad second. Our . Dill* third. Time
1:20 4-5. . : . -V ,-, .•- ■ , ■:'-•;, . r- i, .■■ -■ *.
• Third raoa, one — Crucial won, Sll-v»r
nkln second, Fra Flllpo third. Time. 1:60 1-5.
Fourth two*, one mlle^ — Cornwall woo. Black
Cat second. King Rain* third. Time, 1:60 1-5.
Fifth raosv six furlongs — 8 won, Willie
Oilier second, little Wally tb&d. Time,
1:232-5. ■ ■ •■ ■ ■■;■-,?• . . ■■;. ■ '....; «!
Plxth raos, one mite — FTlectio won. X>oon«
second, Nanon third. ' Time, l:4Tl-5. . - ;
Blue and Gold Beaten Airatn.
BERKELEY, Feb. 20. — The varsity
baseball team was defeated again this
afternoon on the campus by the pro
fessional players known as the
fipa Hidings. The score was 2 to 1.
Carter and Goodwin pitched for the
professionals and Heitmuller and New
man for the university. Newman's
wildness lost the game. He forced in
the run that gave the Spauldlngs
their needed tally to win. Heitmuller
pitched superb ball and batted well.
Anglers' Club Meets.
The members of the newly formed
Anglers' Club held a meeting last night
In Pioneer Hall. The constitution and
by-laws were unanimously adopted. It
was decided to raise the initiation fee
to $5. The club will soon be installed
in oomfortable quarters in the Dono
hoe building.
Veteran Horseman Dies.
BUFFALO, N. Y. Feb. 20. — Cicero
J. Hamlln, founder of the Village
Stock Farm, organiser of the Nation
al Trotting Association and father of
the Grand Circuit died to-day, aged
85 years.
Harris Keeps Whalen.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20. — The Chica
go National Baseball Club has re
leased James Whalen to San Fran
jpisco.
NELSON QUITS
THE GYMNASIUM
Battler and His Retinue
Try Their Hands at Row
ing and Framing Jokes
COBBETT A BUSY BOXER
Little Denverite Keeps Up
the Same Old Grind and
Tips Beam at 135 Pounds
The programme was changed at
Battling Nelson's training quarters
yesterday, the gymnasium work being
dispensed with. Manager Billy Nolan
thought a change would do Bat good
jso he ordered the gymnasium locked
| and invited his protege and his traln
[ing mates for a boat ride in Escalle
Creek. But tWe boys soon became tired
of tugging at the oars and Smiling
Metzner suggested that the party take
a swim.
The weather wasn't any too tem
perate, but the boys procured bathing
suits and then the fun commenced.
"Rawhide" Kelly put one foot in the
briny deep and said "Not for me," and
proceeded to dress. The wink was
passed and in less time than it takes
to relate "Rawhide" was struggling
and sputtering in the water.
Smiling Metzner was sitting on an
ark screaming with laughter and mak
ing all manner of fun of "Rawhide,"
when Bat quietly crept behind him and
threw him overboard fully dressed,
Hugo wanted to finish Bat then and
there, but Billy Nolan interfered and
pacified the Smiling one.
The water was too cold to stay in
any length of time, so the party re
turned to camp.
In the morning Bat took his usual
run of ten miles and after a rubdown
walked half way up Mount Tamaipaie.
He seems to be in the best possible
condition and wishes the tight would
fake place sooner.
Young Corbett's training quarters at
Billy Shannon's villa looked deserted
yesterday after the rush of Sunday. A
few faithful fans were on hand to
greet the little Denverite and all were
greatly pleased at the form displayed
by him. Corbett seems tireless and he
is always ready to don his training at
tire. In the afternoon Corbett and
Gans were taking a sun bath in front
of the villa, when Frankle McDonald
yelled "Three o'clock, time to go to
work."
Corbett "was on his feet in a second,
but the sun looked good to Joe and he
pleaded for time. Bill couldn't see It
that way, however, and hustled Joe
into the gymnasium. Boxing was dis
pensed with, but the pair wrestled for
fully twenty minutes without taking
a breathing spell.
Corbett then jumped the rope 1000
times, punched the bag four rounds
and pulled the weights. He is as nim
ble as a £at on his feet and his wind
is perfect. The weight is the least of
his troubles, as he tipped the beam
to-day at 135 pounds.
Corbett says: "I never felt better in
my life and I feel as strong as an ox."
He certainly looks the part, not a flaw
in his make-up being visible.
Another Stake at Ingleside.
"When the drawing for the "Wash
ington's birthday stake was held at
Ingleside on Sunday the management
was short of hares. A shipment of
the jacks arrived yesterday and an ad
ditional sixteen-dog stake was drawn
last night. The draw resulted as fol
lows: Gllmore vs. Commercial Trav
eler; Odd Eyes vs. Vandal; Maid of
Mercy vs. Slim Jim; Pasha Pleasant
vs. Fenii; Helen Hayes vs. Courtley
Guest; Glancing Pasha vs. Shotgun;
Wedgewood vs. Belle Lloyd; Belfast
vs. Bob R.
BENEFIT GAME
A STAR EVENT
Leading Diamond Lights to
Be Seen in Action When
Time Is Called To-Morrow
The benefit ball game that will be
pulled off to-morrow afternoon at
Recreation Park in aid of Honest Jim
McDonald promises to be one of the
sporting events of the season. Already
thousands of tickets have been dis
posed of and every man and woman
who knows the noted wielder of the in
dicator will probably "be among those
present.
The game will be a battle of the
stars. Brother Joe Corbett will pitch
for one team and Parke Wilson is
billed to hold his curves. Hal Chase
plays first base, Mohler second, Irwin
third, Shay short and in the outfield
there will be Meany, Walters and San
dow. Merles, the pride of the New York
Giants. It looks like as fast an aggre
gation as ever played ball around this
village.
Big Ovie Overall, whom the people of
Cincinnati are all waiting 1 to see, will
pitch against • Brother Joe. Charley
Graham is to be Ovie's receiver. The
infield will be made up of Marty Mur
phy, Gochnauer, Devereaux and Truck
Eagan. In the outfield Charley Doyle,
Hogan and MoJLaughlin will scamper
around.
Mike Fisher and Charley Gaggus
have consented to do the honors with
the Indicators. A special feature of
the programme are the bouts between
the pugilistic stars. Britt and Berger
will hook up, as will also Gans and
Frankle Neil. The goes will be ref
ereed by Eddie Graney.
At the present time Jim McDonald is
a very sick man. He may never again
stand in the middle of the diamond and
shout "Play ball." Jim has always
been held in high regard by Bportingr
men of every description and on that
account the benefit should prove a rec
ord breaker.
Will Discuss New Field.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 20.
A student assembly is to be held at
Stanford to-morrow morning for th«
purpose of discussing: plans for the
building of the new athletic field.
Part of these grounds, the football
field, must be finished in time for the
intercollegiate game with California
next fall. When completed the field
will furnish ample provision for every
branch of athletics. Dr. Frank Angel
of the faculty and F. L. Berry. '00, of
San Francisco will be the prinlcpal
i speakers at the gathering.
FLEET PONIES
CARDED TO RUN
Exciting Sport Promised
When Tiny Horses Face
the Barrier To-Monrow
SOCIETY TO TON" OUT
Proceeds of the Meet Will
Be Handed Over to Two
Charitable • Institutions
The fastest and gamest little ponies
in the State have been entered for
the big charity meet at Ingleside race
track to-morrow afternoon. There are
six events on the card and every one
gives promise of excitement. The
ponies will be ridden by members of
the Burlingame Club and other well
known horse fanciers.
The meet is to be held under the
auspices of the California Polo and
Pony Racing Association. The funds
derived will be turned over to the
California Woman's Orphanage and the
Armitage Orphanage. The ladies of
the smart set have taken an active
interest in the meet. They report a
large sale of tickets and expect to
realize a handsome sum.
The first race will start promptly
at 2:15 p. m. A special train will leave
the Third and Townsend street depot
direct for the track, so that the big
crowd may be accommodated. Tickets
for the races are on sale at the Palace
and St. Francis hotels. Following are
the entries for the six races:
Firut race — Tha Orphanage stalraat thr«»
sixte.-nthd mile; top wolght. 165 pound* ; two
pounds allowed for each quarter inch under
fourteen hands two inches; prize cup or purse;
value to thp winner $28, to the second $15.
Entries: Que«n Rucker, Cake Walk. Alvernle.
Don. Hopeful, Leah, Princess Flavia-
Second race — The Ingleside stakes; three
eighths mile; top weight. lflO pounds; two
pounds allowed for each quarter Inch under
fourteen hands two Inches; prize cup or purse;
value to the winner $'^5, to th» second $13.
Entiles: Carlotta, ("hanate. Baa Blancs.
Becky, Althomer, Brown Peggy, Floradora.
Third rac* — TT»« "Washington stakes; one
quarter mile; top weight, lttt pounds; two
I>ounds allowed for each quarter inch under
fourteen hands two Inches; prise oup or purse;
value to the winner $25, to the secend $13.
Entries: Queen Rucker, Alvernle, Leah, Don,
Hopeful, Princess Flavla,
Fourth rac» — The Burllngame oup; two- mile
steeplechase; for hones that have b«en hunted
with the San Mateo hounds; catch weights,
minimum weight 160 pounds; prlae cup; valu«
to the winner $40, to the second $15. Entries:
Vanity, Bwft May, Quedado, Spectator.
Fifth race — The Hospital stakus; on«-hsif
mile: top weight, 155 pounds; i pounds al
lowed for each quarter inch under ten hands
two inches; prise cup or purse; valo* to win
ner $25. to the second $lfl. Entries: t Carlotta,
Baa Blancs, Ethel O, Chanat*. Chaerful,
Maudle, Swift, Honoma. Floradora.
Sixth raoe — The Ladles' cup; on* rafle; top
weight, 155 pounds; 2 pounds allowed for each
quarter Inch under fourteen hands two lnchss;
prize silver cup to the winner, valu* $75; to
the second cup or purs«, valns $15. Entries:
Morning- Glory. Ethel O, Bas Blancs, Fusillade,
Cacahaute. t
CHICAGO BOWLERS ASSfME
BIG LEAD IN TOURNAMENT.
Toledo Stars Hold Second Place,
While Men From Ijoulsville Are
Coming Strong.
MILWAUKEE, Feb. 20. — Chicago
leads by a good margin in the flve-m«n
team class in the American bowling
tournament, Century No. l's score of
2788 being 46 points ahead of the
nearest competitor, the Crescents of
Toledo, with 27 32. The Old Fosters
of Louisville took third place away
from the Schindlers of Chicago to-day
by rolling 2716 against 2707.
In the two-men team class D. A.
Jones, last year's national individual
champion, with Otto Best of Milwau
kee, leads with a score of 1137. F.
Blaul and Hildebrand of Rock Island
are a close second with 1132, and C.
AVeston and J. Shannon ot Chicago
third with 1116. or one point ahead of
Thompson and Gruver of Chicago.
The executive committee of the
congress to-day reported the following
nominations: President, J. H. Haager
of Louisville; secretary, Samuel Karpf
of Dayton; treasurer, Frank Pasde
loup of Chicago.
ENGLISH CHAMP CAMPS
ON JOE THOMAS' TRAIL
Star Welterweights Billed to Box at
Hawthorne Club's Show on
Friday Night.
Jack McLaughlin, the champion
amateur welterweight of England, will
make his bow to the fight fans of this
city next Friday night at Woodward's
Pavilion when he clashes with Joe
Thomas in the main event of the Haw
thorne Club's show. McLaughlin is
said to be a fast boy and should give
Thomas a hard fight. Lew Powell
and Gus Salisbury are carded to go
in the special event.
Another good match is that between
Harry Tenny and Jack Murray, the
clever New Yorker. Nobby Otts and
Bob Cairns are to settle an old grudge,
while George Sanfranson of Nome will
mix with Young Dempsey. The other
two bouts will be between Pete Sulli
van and Joe Ward and Kid Christie
and Bob Ritchie.
Sprarklln Knocks Stone Out.
DETROIT, Feb. 20. — Willie Sprack
l!n of Windsor to-night at the Detroit
Atheistic Club knocked out Jimmy
Stone of New York In the eighth
round.
Forbes Beats Paddy Wee.
INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 20. — Harry
Fc-rbes of Chicago was given the de
cision over Paddy Nee of Pittsburg at
the end of the ten rounds at the Audi
torium to-night.
LAWYERS OF THE STATE
ENJOY A "CLOSED SHOP"
No More Attorneys May Be Admitted
Until Governor Names Judges of
District Courts.
..When Attorney F. H. Merzbaoh of
Ban Francisco made a motion that At
torney ' Samuel T. Mock of Wisconsin
be admitted to practice In the courts
of this State before the Supreme Court
yesterday the astonishing fact was
brought to light that at present no one
can be admitted to the bar of Cali
fornia. ■ ■■".;.
: This anomalous state of affairs la
due to the fact that the pow«r to ad
mit attorneys to the bar has been con
ferred on the District Courts of Ad-
p £? ! i , Tne _ tribunals have been pro
vided for, by legislative enactment, but
there are no members of the bench
Therefore until Governor Par-dee shall
see fit to name the. Jurists who «h»i
Safe d the inter : of the pubUc
on the bench of the Districts ; 6>urts
of Appeal there can be no new law
yers. The present . members of the"
bar will bear the V Governor's delaj
with -a ■; chastened, holy Joy * and eive
him a valuable halo 'if he will main!
tain a closed shop" by never making
the appointments. "**Jun«
ONE FAVORITE
GETS THE COIN
Fustian Is the Lone Public
Choice That Looks Good
to the Judges at Ascot
LONGSHOTS ABE THEKE
Ala Bussell, Fireball, Gold
en Ivy and Sinner Simon
All Rush Bafely Through
LOS AKTOELES. Feb. *o. —^Favorites
had a disastrous day of it at Ascot.
Fustian at 2 to 1 being the only wt'
| ning first choice. The other winners
! were Ala Russell, backed from 10 to l
to 4 to 1. Fireball. 15 to 1; Sinner
Simon. 4 to 1. and Golden Ivy at 8 ta
1. The handicap event over sever,
furlongs was covered by Fustian in
1:26%.. Kenilworth. at 10 to t.
made the pace all the way and m
overhauled only In the last few strides.
Requiter got up in time to get the
■ show. "Watercure and Tryon were
equal favorites In the betting for th*
fifth race, the latter winning in a lorn?
stretch contest, with Bronze Wing
second and Golden Light third.
"Weather clear, track fast. Summary:
First race* three, and m. half furlocgs— Al*
Russell 112 (IMigan). 4 to 1. won. Rosaro 112
! (Mcßrlde). 100 to 1, second; Annts 105 Xunz>.
7 to 1 third. Tim* :42Vi. Ila, ■■o—tunsjl.
Slzz. Sandstorm. Tolo Girl, Mabel V Betty
Penzance Kisbrook and Gallant Lady also ran.
Second race, six furlongs — Fireball 103 (Du
ran), 15 to. 1. won; Confes«or 108 (Millar). 3
to 1 second; Ralph Reese 103 (W. Daly>. 20
to 1 third. Time. l£l4l£. George P. Mc-
Near, "West Brookfleld. Tim Hurst. Blueooat,
One' "Way and Capltananzo &2so ran.
Third race, one mile— Sinner Simon 10T fVT.
Miller) 4 to 1. won; Orchan 10T (Dugan), 13
to 1. second: Del Coronado 9T CB. Walsh' 10
to 1 third. Time 1:42. Henry Ach, Frank
L. Parley. Paclfloo, InTader and Orator alao
ran.
Fourth race seven furlong*— 105
(Miller) 2 to 1. won; Kenilworth 105 (Wal«h).
8 to 1 second; Requlter 115 (I>ugan). 13 to 5.
third. •• Time. 1:26%- Warts Nlcht. Blissful,
Sals and Atlantlco also ran.
Firth race, selling:, on* and a stxtaenth
— Tryon 92 (MocJsLrlty>. 9 to 5. won:
Bronze Wing 10* (McDanlel). 7 to I second;
Golden Light 109 (Walsh). « to 1, third. Time.
1:43. Loxene. The Lieutenant. Achilles. £>un
gannon and Watercure also ran.
Sixth race selling on* mile and mm— ■
yards— Ivy 108 (J. Kelly). 3 to 1, won
6tra*sler 121 (Fuller), 8 to 1. second: Varro
— (I>ugan). 3 to X third. Time. 1:46^.
Amlnte. William V n. MoJCwe. Henry Clay
Rye. Rose of Hllo, Ascetic. Palmist. Capable.
Dr. Clark and Loawelsea also ran.
81/CE AXD GOLD ATHLETES
ARE ROUNDING INTO FORM
Gne6lgtu<, the Football Hero, Clears 22
Feet l 1-2 Inches in the
Broad Jump.
BERKELEY. F«b. 20. — The field
and track men of the university wer
tried out to-day, the results beln<
quite encouraging to those in charge
of the preparations for the Intercolle
giate field day. The track was heavy,
but some good records were made.
Suedigar, the varsity football crack,
made a wonderful Jump, sinking thr>^
Inches In the clay and clearing 22 feet
1)5 inches. Most of the distances In
the running events were short. Th^
winners of the events were aa follows
75-yard dash— Snedlgar, Oolchar, F. Neigh-
bor.
216-yard run — First heat. "WTlcox, Edward*.
Howard: second heat. Prwno, Qrunaky. G.
Jones; third heat. Wood McNeely. Matheson;
fourth heat. H. Jones, Lyons, Slnahelmer.
100-yard run — heat. MUhler. Meals.
Roth: second heat, Lyons, Darling. Tost
Two-mil* ran — Moody, wheeler. Clifford.
High Jump— Hlckey. MaKerstadt, CItSo«4.
Pole vault — Schultz. Goph, Butler.
Broad Jump — Saedlgar, F. Neighbor. J.
Neighbor.
Hammer-throw— Zacharlas. Billot*. TTTTftan.
Shot-put — OUmore. Zacharias. Elliott.
Low hurdles — First heat. Carter. Lynch.
Barnecott; second heat. Byrnes. Elliott.
15-yard hurdles — Carter. GUmore.
MORE POSTAL ACILrTTEa— Pi It
Flak announce* that on April X th* Interna-
tional money order system will be In opera
tion In Station 3d at the Mills banding.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In July, 1883, I began to break outwitlx
Eczema on my head, legs and anas, an4j
began treatment with local doctors, but
did not get much relief. They said the di 9*
ease had become chronic. I then quit the
and tried various ointments arid soaps fn+
another two years, but as soon as col 4
weather came I was as bad off as ever, so I
finally decided to let medicine alone, and
for twelve or thirteen years did nothing
towards curing the Eczema, except bath*
ing. This seemed to do about as ranch
good as anything I had tried.
During the time I lost about one-half of
my hair. I began 8. S. S. doubtful of 4
cure, because the disease had run so long,
but soon discovered your medicine was)
doing me good, and continued to taketit.
I ' used seven bottles, when I was com*
pletely cured, not having a single spot on,
my body, which before was almost com*
pletely covered. F. c. NoaFOXK.
1017 Hackbetry St, Ottmnwa, la.
The head, feet and hands are ussally
the parts affected, though the disease ap.
pears on other parts of the body. While ex-
ternal applications allay the itching and
burning temporarily, it is the adds thrown
off by the blood that cause the irritation
and eruptions upon the skin. The acids
must be neutralized and the system clean*.
Ed of all humors and poison* before the
S£*^ jgfj^ cure is permanent.
£^Q S. S. S. is guararv
I» cl ***** eat i r^7
«L mk. of Potash, Arsenic
\^>. NX. an d other rnine>
~^k a * Book on the
akin and its d:*»
k I l I v I eases sent free.
Medical advi.a
j furnished free.
The Swift Speoifio Company, Atlanta, 6a.
wricht <ss .
ilWifffflTlV OITSOM
E^J m T ennis Ball
YD Bur b*.Wißdl
V VClliaploathip £v«ati
_. waiCMT a an sun
(CARTER'S) CUm SICK headache -
WrrnE Gennino Must Bear
I PILLS. ' i>Sin Signature .BRINKBURN RETURNS TO THIS PORT
FOR ORDERS FROM LONDON OWNERS
Departure of the Steamship for Vladivostok Is Delayed
Japanese Activity
Causes Hesi
tation.
Five of Blockade
Runner's Crew
Desert.
The British steamer Brinkburn
Captain Peters, which left "here re
cently with a large cargo of supplies
lor Vladivostok, returned yesterday
and will await instructions from Lon
don before either discharging her car
ro or proceeding for the Russian port.
The Brinkburn vent from here to
Comox,' where she filled her coal
bunkers for the run across the Pacific.
From Comox she was ordered to Vic
toria. While there the cable told her
owners in London that the Japanese
blockade was in first-class working
- axid that the Mikado's navy was
gathering in everything in the way of
Hoating property that was headed for
Vladivostok. It was decided to aban
don the attempt to take the Brink
bum through, the blockade and Cap
tain Peters was ordered to bring his
ship to this port and discharge his
cargo. When the Brinkburn arrived
off port, however, two sets of orders
were placed on board. One ordered
Captain Peters to proceed with all
speed to Vladivostok. The other or
dered him to wait outside for further
orders. As five members of the .crew
had deserted at Victoria and as the
orders were conflicting, Captain Pet
ers decided to come into port, and he
is here.
He communicated by cable with
London and expects to-day to receive
definite instructions. Meanwhile he
will ship five men to replace the de
serters and be prepared to carry out,
without delay, any orders he may re
ceive.
• c December 19 th* Japanese
have captured thirteen steamers off
Vladivostok. Four of them were load
:h Cardiff coal, 22,400 tons of it
altogether; one carried kerosene, an
machine oil and shipbuilding
Ifl and the others forage, pro
m and greneral supplies. Two of
■ hailed from this port, the
field find I Dollar. Of the
t-n blockade runners two were
in December, eipht In Jan
and three this month, two of
them yesterday. All hut two of the
■ ■ mers were under the
British P
11 Was Not the Aztffc,
The weather bureau lookout at Point Reyes
yesterday morning reported to the Merchants'
!:>.1 1.&r.g- and the Marine Exchange that the
Pacific Mail Company's freighter Aztec, Cap
tain Frailer, had passed that promontory,
bound south. As the Aztec is bound from
ilororan, direct to Acapulco. the Merchants'
Kxchange afiked to have the report repeated
and the nam^ of the steamer carefully spelled.
In tht amended report the n*»sln4f vessel
proved to be the Arctic from Eureka, which
later rcacaed port. The other exchange re
ixjrted the Aztec to tbe Pacific Mall Company
and Captain .7\cr was promptly pilloried
as all kinds of an un-navigator for getting
three thousand miles oS his course. It was
i-peallt-d that when the Aztec left her* with
orders to proceed direct to Yokohama, Captain
Trazier wandered into Honolulu and there was
much speculation as to why h* should lay his
course from Mororan for Acapulco by way of
Point Reyes. When the little tempest was
boiling rurlously the mistake was discovered
and all the hammers were put away. Captain
Frazier was formerly in the army transport
service, but was relieved of his command
and his Gcx'crnment Job when he ran the
Sherman on the rocks.
Southerly Wind Delays Coasters.
TVhpn the * wind blows from the southward
with a velocity of sixty miles an hour, as it
did on Sunday, it means that southbound coast
ers are going to burn an extra amount of
coal without any adequate compensation in the
way of increased speed. In fact with a slxty
tnile-an-hour breeze to buck, it's a powerful
coast *r that makes enough headway to keep
the log line stretched out astern. Standing
still sometimes means a high consumption of
fuel Tha steamer Breakwater, which under
onJinary circuniEuaicea easily makes the run
from Coos Ray to this port in thirty-three
hours, arrived yesterday Just seventeen hours
late. The City of Puebla, due yesterday morn
ing from Puget Sound, had not put in an
appearance late in the afternoon and all south
bound coasters that were out. in Sunday's
blow will be very late reaching port. . The
wind blew with less velocity yesterday, but
the bar continued rough and no vessels put to
t-«a unless the maintenance of a schedule de
manded It.
Santiago Ties the Archer.
Captain Lanc&Etcr or the barkentine Archer
spoke too soon on Sunday when he claimed
the victory in the three-cornered race between
his vessel, the bark Santiago and the barken
tine IrmpanL The Archer came up In tw°n
ty-flvfc day*. She arrived Sunday. "I have
won, hands down." said Captain Lancaster
when he found the other vessels not In port.
The Santiago, however, left Honolulu more
than a day later than the Archer and yester
day «he came Into port, al»o twenty-five days
from Honolulu, and Captain Anderson, if the
corrected time do** not show th« Santiago a
winner, expects at least to divide the purse
with Captain Lancaster. Trie Irmgard Is now
out • -.<•*■ r.ty-ii*v*n days.
Tbe Overdue list.
The British ship Hal^wood was added yes
terday to the overdue list. Bhe is out 127
days from Vancouver for Callao and In a cable
received from London by 11. A. Newell her
rate was quoted I.' 10 per oent. The rate on
the ,im«r 6kldby was advanced to 65 per
cent The other overdues are: Robert Rlck
mers, »0 per ©eat; Stork, 80 par oem; Fran
cois and Bxodlck Bay. 6 per cent.
VFWR OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
• Shipping Merchant*.
The British steamer • -turret will load
bariey tore for Yokohama (rechartered).
The barkentine Archer returns to Honolulu
with general cargo.
Exports by the Senator.
The steamer Senator nailed on Sunday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
contlrned to the port of destination and other
British Columbian port*, valued at $(«-.!. and
imlufilng the following:
<J22 pkgs fresh fruits. 92 - kg* fresh vegeta
ble* SCO eke potatoes, »278 pound* dried fruit.
4710 pounds raUins. 2230 pounda nuts. 38.C53
pounds malt, 4SO pounds beans. 801 pounds
coffee. 1*75 pounds farinaceous goods. 10 pkgs
provisions, 202 pounds cheese, 4 ! kkrt- paste,
M 0 pounds chocolate, 1000 pounds pups 307
cals 27 cs wine, 15&9 rolls building paper. 2283
fo«t hardwood 2 pkgs machinery. 124 pounds
leaf tobacco. 180 eks coal. 5 cs paints. 4 M
dryjroods. 24 bdls paper. 8 cs arms and am
munition. 780 tins matches. 7 crts bicycles.
The Bteamer also carried 36,875 pounds dried
fruit, valued at $1616. en route to Winnipeg,
and 50 pkgs dredging material, valued at $1525.
for Dawson.
Notice to Mariners. /
Th* following affects the list of lights, buoys
and marks. Pacific Coast. 1904:,
OREGON.
Williamette River, pa** — Ooon i Island
< hannel Buoy No. 6, a red first-class spar,
heretofore reported adrift, was replaced Feb
ruary 16.
7 WASHINGTON.
Gray* harbor entrance, page 71. — Trustee
fcnit Buoy No. 2. a red firsts-lass nun. was <■».
tablished February 13. in -" feet of water to
mark the extremity of a uand*l>it ■ making
out in a northwesterly direction from the
*nd of the jetty. '•■ - _ ... _
Point Brown. lon* tree. £•-*"-_£• : Jetty
Wharf, oaur en*. B. X." E. % B.; <•*•*• Har
BARKEXTI.VEP ARCHER AXD IRMGARD AND BARK SANTIAGO, WHICH LEFT HONOLULU WITH THE INTENTION OF
FUC!N<; TO SU" FRANCISCO. THE ARCHER AND SANTIAGO MADE THE HUN IN TWKNTT-FIVE DAYS AND MAT
DIVIDE THE ITRSE. THE IRMGARD 0! STIIJ^ AT SEA.
bor Lighthouse, E. % S. By order of the
Lighthouse Board. L. C. IIEILNER,
Commander, U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Montara ' Seattle Feb. 21
Edith Oyster Harbor Feb. 21
C, Lindauer.. . Grays Harbor Feb. 21
Sequuia Willapa Harbor Feb. 21
Czarina Coos Bay Feb. 21
CWJ I'uebla... Fupet fifuna Ports Fob. 21
Porno Point Arena *; Alblon.Feb. 21,
Northland Spn Pedro j Feb. 22
P-.edor.do Portland & Astoria Keb. i! 2
North Fork... Humboldt Feb. 2*
C. Nelson Humboldt '.Feb. 22
City Peking. .. New York via Ancoo. . 'Feb. 22
ChehaJis « ;ra vs Harbor Feb. 22
Vanguard Humboldt Feb. 22
H. Dollar San Pedro ;.|Feb. 23
Corona Humboldt Fc». 23
Poln« Arena... Mendoclno A Ft. Arena. F< b. 23
Queen San Diego & Way PU..Feb. 23
Oregon ' Portland & Aitoria ! Feb. 23
M. F. Plant.. Coos Bay Feb. 23
Korsrood San Pedro Feb. 'J&
Roanoke Portland & Way Ports, Feb. 24
Butt Cm... Ban Pedro & Way Pts. Feb. 24
RHzaric-Th foquillp River Feb. 24
Newb-:rg i Grays Harbor Feb. H
Tmatlla : Puget Sound Ports Feb. 23
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 25 i
S Barbara San Pedro F>b. 25 I
San Jose Xew Tork via Ancon. . Feb. 26 |
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 26:
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 26
Enterprise Hilo Feb. 26 j
South Bay Portland A Astoria Feb. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 27
5. Dollar Hongkong via Kobe !Feb. 27
State of Cal ... San Diego &. Way Pta.Feb. 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria Feb. 28
Alameda Honolulu IFeb. 28
Coos Bay Newport at Way Ports. | Feb. 28
City Para New Tork via Ancon.. jMar. 2
TO BAIL.
____—— __ — — -^— — _—^-^—— —
Steamer. Destination. I Balla.l Pier.
February 81. I I
Centralla... Gray? Harbor 1 4 pm I Pier 10
Rainier Seattle & Bllnphm! 4 pmjPler 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jeanie Peattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPler 20
F. Kllburn. . Portland St. Way.. 2 pmlPier 27
Break water, i Coos Bay direct 6 pmjPier 8
February 22. I
Bureka Humboldt I 9 am] Pier 18
Pomona Humboldt |l:3op'Pier 9
Arctic Humboldt I 8 am! Pier 2
Aseuan Hamburg & "Way.! Pier 19
Northland.. Astoria & Port!and|l2 mjPier 27
February 23.
H. Dollar... Poattle direct 4 pmtPler 20
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. Pan Diego & Way. 9 ami Pier 11
Coos Bay... ' Newport & Way.. 9 am, Pier 11
Ventura...- Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
gequoia Wiilapa Harbor.... 13 m Pier 20
Norwood | Seattle direct Pier %
Montara....: Seattle direct 4 pmjPler 9
Czarina nx>s Bay direct.. 6 pm I
J. HJggins. Los Angeles Ports. 11 amjPier 2
February 24. ,
Roanoke Lob Angelas Ports. S pmjPler 13
City Puebla. Puget found Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Redondo Portland #.- Way..| |Pier 2
February 36. I
Podnt Arena Point Arena j 4 pm;Pler 2
M. F. Plant. : Cooc B. & Pt Orfd 4 pmiPier 18
8. Monica.. ' Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 2
N Fork Humboldt 9 am! Pier 20
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm' Pier 40
City Peking N Y. via Ancon.. 12 m 1m 1 Pier 40
Elisabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pmlPier L'O
Corona ' Hum hold t l:3n p Pior S
Vanguard.. Humhnldt 5 pm|Pler 27
February 26. |
Oregon Astoria & Portlandjll am:Pler 24
r Nelson... Humboldt 9 ami Pier 20
Queen San Di^>go A Way. 9 am. Pier 11
February 37.
6. Barbara. Grays Harbor 4 pm]Pler t
February 88. |
Newtourg... Orayp Harbor S pmlPier 10
March 1. i
UmatJUa. . . Puget Sound Port*. 11 am Pier ft
Centennial. 'Seattle &. Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. 1 Destination. Sails.
Ramona Bkagway A Way Pts. Feb. 21
Jefferson Skagrvay & Way Ports. Feb. 23
I Bertha Seldovla A Way Ports. Feb. 25
Cottage City.. Skagway A Way Ports. Feb. 28
Exr*-i«ior Seward * Way Ports.. Mar. 1
Al Xl Ska»rway A Way Ports. |Mar. 8
Banta Clara IVaJdes A Seward (Mar. •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, XT. B. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
February 20, 1906.
The Time Bail on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. f. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 6
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, US. N., In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
1 United Elates Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San i Franclsoo
Bay. Published by official authority of the
• Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 21
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 21.
Pun rises 6:53
Sun sets ....5:58
Moon rises t.. ...:... ...;.. ..8:22 p. m.
O Time ITime Time Time
5. - - Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
* H W |L W HW - ... -L W
21 0:53 6.4 6:22 1.6 12:321 6.0 8:60 02
22 1:20 5.5 7:16 1.3 1:27 5.2 7:36 0.8
23 2:10 6.5 8:13 1.2 2:28 4.8 8:26 1.4
24 2:52 5.4 9:09 1.1 3:40 4.4 9:15 2.0
25 3:40 6.4 10:20 0»j5:03 ' 4.110:15 2.5
26 4:32 5.4 11:34! 0.7 6:33 4.011:22 2.8
2" 5:361 5.8 12:i2| 0.5 7:64 '4.1 j
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last , tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given . are '". In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from - the ' depth given ' by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1905.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Tims.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous day:
Boston 26-18 Pittsburg .... 42-82
Chicago 32-28 New Orleans 62-48
Jacksonville «4-50 New York .......80-28
Honolulu, H. L. .76-80 St. Louis 84-82
Philadelphia 34-28 Washington 38-28
SAN FRANCISCO 84-50. , '•
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same data
last season, and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.84 23.08 88.36
Red Bluff 0.00 25.85 16.78
Sacramento 0.00 14.67 0.05
San Francisco 0.00 16.92 11.27 .
Fresno Trace 8.02 .2.56
Independence 0.00 1.68 1.26
S. L. Obispo 0.04 16.33 6.43
Los Angeles 0.00 12.15 2.52
San Diego 0.00 10.29 1.76
THE COAST RBCORD.
» s s a « 5>
5 sfiwj if 4
STATIONS. | |||||i I* F
I 111 1 ■: " ?,
Baker 30.28 46 86 SB Rain .06
Carson 30.14 68 40 BW Cloudy .00
Eureka 80.14 60 48 6 Cloudy .84
Fresno 30.16 70 48 6"W Cloudy T.
B. B. Farallon.Bo.2o 62 60 S Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 80.28 44 22 B Cloudy .00
Independence .30.18 62 86 SE Cloudy .00
Los Angeles. .80.06 76 62 NW Cloudy .00
Mt Tamalpalß.3o.2o 68 44 8 Cloudy .00
North Head.. 29. 92 48 42 N Rain .96
Phoenix 80.08 74 48 NTV Clear .00
Point Reyes. .80.16 61 44 BW Cloudy .00
Pocatello 30.84 48 28 E Pt.Cldy .86
Portland 80.02 64 42 BE Rain .30
Red Bluff 80.18 66 48 8 Clear .00
Rooeburg .. . .80.06 B8 46 S Cloudy .08
Sacramento ..80.18 48 W Cloudy .00
San Francisco. 3o. 2o M 60 W. Pt.Cldy .00
B. L. Oblspo-.30.12 72 44 N , Cloudy .04
j San Dieg0.... 50. 00 72 54 NTT Clear .00
Seattle .....'. .30.08 62 42 SB Rain .16
Spokane 30.20 60 82 8 Cloudy .19
Tatoosh 29.96 48 .. B Rain .08
"Walla Walla.Bo.lß 68 80 S Cloudy T.
Wlnnemucca .30.24 56 28 SW Cloudy .10
Yuma 30.08 76 42 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AlfD GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the coast. It Is beginning to
fall south of Point Conception.
Light rain has fallen at Eureka and also in
Oregon and Washington. A thunderstorm la
reported at Pocatello.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, February 21:
California, north of Tehachapi— Cloudy, un
settled weather Tuesday, with showers in the
northern portion; fresh south winds.
California, south of Tehachapi —
Tuesday; light east winds.
Nevada — Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity* Cloudy Tues
day; fresh south winds.
Los Angeles and — Cloudy Tuesday:
light east winds. ■ '
Bacramento— Cloudy Tuesday; fresh south
winds.
Fresno— Cloudy Tuesday: light south winds.
A. O. MoADTB, District Forecaster.
the charts. The plane of rsferenoe Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
BHn»PIN» INTELIiIGENCK.
AIUUVBD.
Mondajr. P^bmarr *©.
Br stmr BrlnMmrn, Peters, 4 days from
Victoria, rut in for orders.
Mr Alcatraa, " Olaen, 88 hoars from Pan
Pedro.
• Stmr Pomona, Bwanson, 20 hour* from Eu
reka.
' Stmr Centralla. Erfeduion. 88 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Btmr Baa Pedro, Rutnuncn, 84 boon from
Ban Pedro. .
6tmr Arctic. Nelson, 43 hours from Bureka.
Btmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from Ban Diego and way ports. ...
Btmr Breakwater. Johnson, 60 boors from
Coos Bay. ■ .. • • - v
Btmr W. H. Kruger, Norberg, 99 hour* from
Grays Harbor, bound south, put In for fuel.
Stmr. Acme, Reed, 40 hours from San Pedro'.
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.  . . '■<■_:
Bark Santiago. Anderson, 10 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Mary C, Beok, » hows from Bodega.
CLEARED.
Monday, February SO.
Ftmr Columbia, Doran Portland and Asto
ria; S. F. and Portland 8 8 Co.
BAILED.
Monday, February 20.
Stmr Argyll, OUboy. Kahulul, with bktn
Fullerton In tow. ■ • - 1
Stmr Maggie, Whitney. Haifmoon Bay.
" Btmr Ban • Pedro, Rasmuasen, Eureka.
Hktn FuUerton, Mackechnle. Kahului :In
tow stmr Argyll. :, •" '■■,-■
Stmr W. H. Kruger, Korberg. San Pedro
" Btmr Despatch, Weber. . ■ -
Schr Mildred, Klndlln, Wlllapa Harbor
SPOKEN.
Feb 14— In lat 41 47 N. long 38 14 W Br
bark Oenevleve -Mollnos, hence Oct 20 ' ' for
Queenstown. ; , . .-? , -.■■■ :.-.;;.- .-A..;.* [.• .-■
Per Btmr Shasta, at Port Hadloek, Feb 18—
Oft Cape Lookout, «tmr Olymplo, from' Bel
llnKham, for Ban Frandsoo.
■TELEGRAPHIC. "
POINT LOBOB. Feb. 20, 10 p. —Weather
cloudy; wind W; velocity 6 miles per hour
Bar rough. <;.;-.:..„•;.■> ;ivj; . - ■ ■ ..«■
. DOMESTIC, PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb : 19— Stmr Mackinaw
benee Feb 18. Balled Feb 19— Schr Transit
for Redondo. < . ..: , .. ,-.
UMPQUA RlVEß— Arrived Feb 18— Schr
Lily, henoe Feb 10; sohr Louise, hence Feb 14 -
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb Stmr Chico'
from ' San Pedro. _■ -• ■ :■ vj
- PORT ■•■; HADLOCK— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr
Shasta, hence Feb 16. ;"'.;
FORT. BRAGG Arrived Feb 20 — Stmr Na
tional City, hence Feb 19; stmr James 8 Hin
ging, hence Feb 19. ■',:': .-.•-■■■ . •,_
-• ASTORIA — Arrived Feb 80— Stmr South l
Bay, Jaenoe Fab 17. : -. " ■ .
Arrived Feb 20 — Sohr Halcyon, hence Fsb 6.
Sailed Feb 20 — BUnr Redondo, for San Fran
cisco.
BANDON— Arrived Fsb 20 — Stmr Elisabeth,
henoe Feb 18.
TATOOBH— Passed In J%b 20 — Btmr Me
teor, hence Feb 17, for Comox.
Passed inward Feb 20 — Schr a&mb'.e, from
Algoa Bay for Port Gamble; schr Okaaogan,
hence Feb 10 for Port Gamble.
Passed out Feb 20 — Btmr Eureka, for San
Francisco. Passed in — Bktn Aurora, hence
Feb 18. for Muklltec.
SANTA BARBARA^-Sallsd V%\> 20 — Btmr
Queen, for Ban Diego.
PORT TOWNPEND — Arrived Feb 20 — Bchrs
Ensign and Alice McDonald, from San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD— SaiIed Feb 19 — Stmr Coos
Bay for San Francisco. Feb 20 — Stmr Whit
tier, with barge Santa Paula in tow.
COOS BAY — Sailed Feb 19 — Stmr Czarina,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 20 — Stmr M. F. Plant, hence
Feb 18.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 19 — Btmrs Pasadena,
Phoenix and Eureka, for San Francisco.
Arrived Fpb 20 — Stmr Corona, hence Feb
19; stmr Noyo, hence Feb 39; Btmr Fulton,
hence Feb 18.
Arrived Feb 20 — Bchr Ottllle Fjord, hence
Feb 18.
FORT BRA or.- Sailed Fes 30 — Btmr Na
tional City, f ■ San Francisco.
GRAYS HAKBOR — Arrived Feb 19 — Bohr
Honolpu, from San Pedro; schr Dauntless,
from Pan Pedro; schr Melrose, from Redondo;
pchr Espada, from San Pedro; schr Falcon,
hence Feb 11.
Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Coronado, hence Feb
lClh.
SEATTLE— Arrtred Feb 20— Schr Fanny
Dutard, hence Feb 4.
REDONDO— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr A«un
clon. hence Feb 17, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK — Sailed Feb 18 — Nor stmr
Sangstad for Odessa.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH — Bailed Feb 18 — Br chip Anau
rus, for Liverpool.
Arrived Feb 17 — Br ship Anaurus, from Ta
coma.
CALLAO — Sailed Fab 11— Br ship Eudora,
for TocoJllla.
MOJ l— Sailed Jan SI — Ger stmr Germanlous,
for Hongkong.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb B— Jap stmr Iyo
Mam, for Seattle. Fsb 17 — Br atmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver.
ANCON — Arrived Feb 6 — Stmr Acapulco,
hence Jan 14.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived Feb 19— Br ship
Drummuir, from Eureka, Cal.
LADYSMITH— Sailed Feb 18— Btmr Eureka,
for San Francisco.
SYDKEY— Arrived Feb 19— Bktn James
Tuft, from Bellingham.
VICTORIA — Arrived Feb 20 — Stmr Eureka,
from Lady smith. B. C.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 20 — Stmr Ryn
dam, from Rotterdam, off Nantucket light
ship. •
GENOA— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Liguria,
from New York, via Naples.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Feb 18 — Stmr Rotter
dam, for New Ynrk.
BOULOGNE — Sailed Feb 19— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam, for New York.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Feb 20— Stmr Koenlg
Albert, from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
Memoranda.
TOKIO, Feb. 20.— 8r stmr Powderham,
from Barry, for Vladivostok, and Br Btmr Sil
vlana, bound for Vladivostok, were both cap
tured by Japanese.
FORMER SURVEYOR DEFEATS
CITY IN A SUIT FOR PAY
C S. Tilton Must Be Compensated for
Services Rendered as Engineer
Thirteen Years Ago.
By the decision of Judge Troutt,
rendered yesterday in a written opin
ion, C. 6. Tilton is to receive $8500
and Interest for services performed for
the city and county more than a
dozen years ago. Tilton was City and
County Surveyor in 1891 and 1892.
By resolution of the Supervisors, in
January. 1901, he was directed to
make an investigation and report upon
a sewer outlet for Richmond District. :
After the report was made he was in- \
structed to prepare plans and speci
fications for the construction of the
system, and when the plans were ac
cepted he was then directed to pre
pare the usual diagrams of the prop- '
erty affected by the proposed sewer. .
These duties were those of a "city
engineer" and no such office then ex
isting the board was empowered to
employ the services necessary.
Upon the result of Tilton's labors a
contract for building the system was
awarded to the California Bridge
Company and afterward declined for |
the reason (held invalid by Troutt)
that the State law did not provide for
the construction of sewers through
private property.
After the expiration of Tilton's term
of office the contract was rescinded
and new specifications were ordered
made by the new City Engineer, Fitz
hugh. In a suit brought by Pitahugh,
in which the point was involved, the
Supreme Court held that Tilton might
be entitled to compensation for his
services whether he had a legal
remedy or not.
On the strength of this decision
Judge Troutt holds that Tilton is en
titled to recover and that the objection
that he could not claim compensation
for services performed while he was
Surveyor is not tenable. It is also
held that the constitutional amend
ment empowering the payment of cer
tain unpaid claims for certain fiscal
years applies to this claim.
When you have an aversion to food it
is an Indication that you should take
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitten, •
ABANDONS USE
OF OLD TERMS
Weather Bureau No Longer
to Divide State in Reports
Into "North" and "South"
NAMES ARE MISLEADING
California Climatic Belts to
Be Known as "3lountain,"
"Valley" and "Coastal"
The United States Weather Bureau
at Washington announces that It is
planning to discard from Its reports
the terms "north" and "south" in de
scriptions of the climatology of Cali
fornia. Instead of these misleading
geographical terms the bureau will use
"Mountain," "Valley" and "Coastal"
as more conveniently describing the
climatic belts of the State.
The decision of the Weather Bureau
is a result of correspondence with the
California Promotion Committee,
which suggested that inasmuch as
the climate conditions in California
were different from those of other
States, the usual nomenclature of the
bureau describing the climate in the
different States would not apply in
California. Geographical terms may
be misleading in describing California
climates. Climate in California Is not
determined by the distance north and
south as it is on the Atlantic seaboard,
but by the distance east and west, by
altitude and distance from the ocean.
What is known by the Weather Bu
reau as the "Orange-Growing Thermal
Belt," extends from San Diego County
on the south almost to the base of
Mt. Shasta on the north, a distance of
700 miles. The mean annual tempera
ture in this belt is between 60 and 70
degrees Fahrenheit. The first oranges
on the Eastern markets from Cali
fornia grow in the Sacramento Valley.
The decision of the Weather Bureau
to divide the State into valley, moun
tain and coastal districts will be of
advantage to the whole State and will
give the Eastern inquirer a correct
idea of the conditions he will find in
different parts of California.
The Promotion Committee has re
ceived the following letter from Pro
fessor Moore, dated Washington, Feb
ruary 8:
Referring to your favor of the 3d inst.. and
to previous correspondence regarding terms
used In California weather forecasts. I beg to
say that the climatic peculiarities to which you
refer, and the difficulty in covering them in a
general forecast, for even a part of the State,
la appreciated by the Weather Bureau, and a
plan will be devised to carry out your sug
gestion to divide the State into valley, moun
tain and coastal, rather than Into north and
south districts.
Thanking you for calling my attention to a
means by which the Weather Bureau can
improve its service In California, I am, very
truly yours, WILLIB L. MOORE,
Chief United States Weather Bureau.
An active campaign has been under
way for a year or more to secure a
more extended notice of California cli
mate in the East. The San Francisco
weather report receives a wider circu
lation than that of any other city in
the United States except Bismarck, N.
D., and Omaha, Nebr., which are, it is
said, peculiarly situated as forecast
stations for the entire country. The
San Francisco we.atb.er report Is sent
to the local weather observers in
eighty-seven cities with the direction
for publication in their weather re
ports to their local papers.
The committee has still on hand a
few copies of "Climatology of Califor
nia," by Alexander C. McAdie, of
which 2000 extra copies were struck
off by the Department of Agriculture
from the original plates for distribu
tion by the committee. Two maps are
available for free distribution, , »ne
showing the "Orange-growing Thermal
Belt" and the other showing the pre
cipitation for twenty years.
Old Mexico Excursion.
You ought to go to Old Mexico. Eight
een days of delightful sightseeing in a
wonderful land: ' Goes via the Grand Can
yon of Arizona and El Paso. The rate,
including all expenses, Is $199. Excur
sion leaves San Francisco March 7. Per
sonally conducted. For particulars ask
the Santa Fe, 663 Market street. •
FEE FOR F/PPINGER RECEIVER. — Judge
Murasky, who has had the matter under sub
mission, yesterday approved the account of
Henry Wadsworth, receiver in bankruptcy of
the Epplnger grain assets. The court ordered
the payment of $3000 to the receiver for his
services and $2000 to his attorneys. These,
sums were opposed by some of the banks In
litigation over the division of the remainder
of the assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THRO' SERVICE
Relieves the Passenger of Every
Little Worry About His Trip
And that's the service which the Burlington offers at
no additional cost to all who arc going in our high-
class Tourist sleeping cars (personally conducted) to
Omaha, Chicago, St. Joseph, St. Louis, the intermediate
points; thence to the farther East or Southeast. The
route lies across Great Salt Lake, and thro' the most
wonderful of the scenic Rockies, with glimpses of Salt
Lake City, Glenwood Springs, Colorado Springs and
Denver.
For full information Jtwt i«fld m# thte coupon.
W. D.SANBORN, Cen'l Agent, 631 Market St.. San Francisco
Send me full information concerning your thro' service.
Name
Address
HIM J
HEALTH BOARD
IS CRITICIZED
Finance Committee Declares
There Was No Need of an
Appeal for Food Donations
TO DISMISS MECHANICS
Department of Publk Works
Asks $5000 for 3lainte
nance of Building Bureau
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
received a report from the Fi
nance Committee in which the Health
Board is criticized for its recent ap
peal to the public for donations of
milk, vegetables and- fruit to the em
ployes of the County Hospital who
are dissatisfied with their fare. The
report contains a statement showing
that the allowance for the hospital in
1900-1 was $87,600; in 1901-2, $101,560,
in 1902-3, $110,000; in 1903-4, $l
and in 1904-5. $144,100. The committee
declares that the Health Board is not
handicapped by a smaller fund than
its predecessors. The report con
tinues:
The budget of 1904-9 allows tho City and
County Hospital $12,200 for maintenance and
$9100 for repairs in excess of the budget al
lowances of rjQ.'{-4, and $23,200 for maintenaiu-a
anti $11,000 for repairs in excess of the budget
allowances of 1902-3.
Your committee also reminds your honorable
body that during the past fiscal year tha
Board of Health, In direct violation of the
civil service provisions of the charter, ap
pointed an officer with the title of deputy
warden and custodian.
In order to safeguard the civil service sys
tem the Finance Committee recommended an
Itemlzation of the hospital fund, segregating
the fund for salaries from the allowance for
maintenance. Thereupon the above-named
official ceased to be a deputy warden and cus
todian and became a head ward tender. There
would be no special interest in this wer* it
not that the salary of the head ward tenri-r
(SI6OO a year) la taken improperly from the
fund allowed for maintenance, and diminishes
the fund available for vegetables and fruits
by $1500.
Grades were ordered changed and es
tablished on Bache, Porter, Roscoe
and Benton streets.
The Board of Works reported that
It would be compelled to lay off a
number of mechanics In the Bureau of
Building unless an additional allow
ance of $5000 is made. The petition
was referred to the Finance Commit
tee, as well as the one for $576 addi
tional to an appropriation of $10,000
to build an engine house on Twenty
sixth avenue and $500 to make altera
tions in the secretary's office.
A petition of the West of Castro j
Club that Twenty-third street be
tween Diamond and Douglass be made
passable was referred to the Street [
Committee. The club says it has ap- :
pealed In vain to the Board of Works
to afford relief.
The City Attorney was asked for an
opinion whether the city is liable for
the expense of paving Point Lobos
avenue with bitumen.
The Board of Works was authorized
to expend the sum of $4500 to con
struct a concrete parapet on grade
from the beach to the Cliff House.
The width of sidewalks on Califor
nia street from Presidio avenue to
Thirty-third avenue was fixed at fif
teen feet.
To Distribute Bliss Estate.
George D. Bliss Jr., as administra
tor of the estate of his father, George
D. Bliss, who died in February. 1902,
yesterday filed a final account and pe-»
titioned for a distribution of the es
tate, which is valued at nearly $400,
000. Nearly all of the property is in
extensive ranch lands in Tulare, San
Mateo, Merced and Madera counties,
and through the purchase of the in
terest of the other heirs the greater
portion of the estate will go to George
and Richard O. Bliss, his brother. The
young men deeded the San Francisco
home to their mother and contracted
to pay her $40,000 in money for hep
share. Agreements have also been
made with the daughters, Helen M.
Sullivan, Annie B. Rucker and Harriet
L. Herrmann.
Dr. Keck Has Returned From Europe.
Resumes practice, Jaa. Flood bldg., Powell
and Market, rooms 368-370, 3d floor. Hours 2-4
p. m. Res., 312 Ellis. .Special attention given
diseases of the skin. •
CHINESE MARY LANDED— Li tUe Mary
Drelbllbies. tho two-year-old Chines© girl who
arrived on the steamship Siberia last Sunday,
was allowed to land yesterday as a traveler
on a section 6 certificate. She is the adopted
daughter of Miss Carrie Dreibilbles, a Chris
tian missionary, who will return to China
with the girl In about six months.
j ADVERTISEMENTS.
Electro-Chemistry
TAKES THE PLACE OF THE
KNIFE
.^bOHLbBI
MBS. a. W. BBS WSTSB. PASO BO-
BUS, CAT... CUBED OF FLOATING
XIDHET BT ELECTBO-CHEMISTBT.
The Electro- Chemio treatment has a wonder-
ful curative enTiat In apeclol diseases of
women. It cures these bad diseases when the
ordinary medical treatments do them no good.
It cures bad cases that are turned over to th«
surgeon for treatment by the family doctor
because the family doctor falls to cure them
with medicines. There Is too much fiurgiaal
treatment upon women. Electro-chemistry la
taking the place of surgery In very serious
rases, and is curing the**, bad cases quickly,
painlessly and cheaply, thus saving sufterlns;
women the horrors and dangers and the great
expense of surgical treatment. No womu
should consent to the use of the knife until
she has at least Investigated what this won-
derful new Electro-Chemlc treatment will do
for her. Right here in San Francisco, many
happy woman have been cured by Electro-
chemistry after having been told that surgery
was the only treatment that con Id cure them.
Many have given public testimonials of their
cures. To all suffering women, the Electro-
Chemlc specialists extend a cordial Invitation
to come for a thorough Electro-Chemlc exami-
nation free of charge. This examination will
at least tell what can be done an 1 whether
or not surgical treatment must be resorted to.
This examination Is free and in many serious
cases it will show the sufferers a pleasant way
to health and strength and save them front
the knife. All sufferers are Invited to call at
the Blectro-Chemic Institute for free consul-
tation and examination. ETlectro-Chemlstry is
the surest, safest, quickest and therefore the
cheapest treatment known for the cure of
catarrh, consumption. asthma, bronchitis,
deafness, ringing ears, cancers, tumors,
eczema, blood poison, skin diseases, rheu-
matism, neuralgia, locomotor a tax la." paral-
ysis, dizziness, fainting spells, special dis-
eases of men— stricture, varicocele. loss at
strength, nerve exhaustion, etc. The Electro-
Chamlc home treatment is the most successful
because the patient is loaned, tree of charge. a
complete Electro-Chemie apparatus with which
the treatment la applied at home. Those per-
sons living at a distance who can conveni-
ently call for the personal examination should
do so. In the majority of cases the patient
can return home the same lay, taking the
necessary treatment along. Those who cannot
possibly come for the personal examination
should write a careful description of their
symptoms and receive, free of charge, full In-
structions for home examination and treat-
ment. The Electro-Chemie Institute Is the
only institution of this character on the. Pacific
Coast and Is centrally located at 113 Grant
avenue, corner of Post street. San Francisco.
Cal. The office hours are from nine In the
morning until five In the afternoon and from
seven to eight at night and on Sundays from
ten In the morning until one in the afternoon.
There are separate and private apartments for
ladies and gentlemen.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
c Steamers leave Piers 9 and
V^C- Mj^V 11, San Francisco:
/Bff_' ~^|\ For Ketchikaa, Wrw|«l,
UtM^ \^^ Juneau. Treadwelli Halnes.
(l 1 I Skagway. etc., Alaska.— ll a.
I V \VtAI I m.. Feb. 19. 24, March 1.
V#\. Change to this company's
steamer at Seattle.
\Bffiat/ For Victoria, "Vancouver.
V^fiy Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Anacortes, South BeHlngham,
BeUlngham— ll a. m.. Feb. 19. 24, March I.
Change- at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Feb. 18, 22. 2*. March 8. Corona. 1:30
p. m.. Feb. 19. 28. March 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San, Diego and Santa Barbara:
Queen. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San ■ Pedro and Baa*
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme:
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 23. March 3.
Santa Cruz (freight . only), 9 a. m.. F»>>.
19 27. s
For Ensenada, Majrd&lena Bay. San Jose d«!
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Ro-
alia, Topolobampo. Guaymas (Max.), 10 a. m..
7th of each month. ' /
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFPXCES — New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st and Broad-
way wharves. Prelsrht Office 10 Market at.
C. D. DUNAXN, General Passenger Agent.
/ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
jiamburg- American.
Plymouth— Cherbourg— Hamburg:
fßluecher Mar. 2 1 IWaldersee Apr. 8
JPennsylvania .Mar. 11 t'Bluecher ...Apr 'i
I Patricia Mar. 20 t'Moltke Apr. 2*l
{Pretoria Apr. 1 IBelgravta Apr. 23
■ tOrill Room. •Gymnasium on board. tDlrect.
|Vla Dover for London A Paris to Hamburg.
HAMBUB&- AMSHIOAK LIVI, 35-37 Broadway, »
; HERZOQ * CO.. 401 California, at.
AMZXIOAS ' I-rSfE.
— Cherbourg I — Southampton.
Philadelphia ..Mar. 4|New .'York. r... Mar. li
St. Paul./ Mar. 11 St Louis.... ..Mar. 25
ATLANTIC TBJUfSPOBT UVI.
New York London Direct.
Menommee ....Mar. II Mlnnehaha ....Mar. 18
Minneapolis ...Mar. 11 1 Mlnnetonka ...Mar. 25
HOU^ND-AMIXICA XtTJTB.
NEW TORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOULOONB
Sailing Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam ... .Mar. - 9' Statendam . . . Mar. 2S
Noordam ......Mar. 22>Ryndam .......Apr. 5
BBS BTAS LIHI.
Hew York Antwerp London— Part*.
Palling at Dover for London and Parts.
Kroonland ....Mar. 4. Finland ..Mar. »
Zealand Mar. llJVaderland .. . .Mar. 25
- JUTE STAB LXJTB.
Hew Tork — — Liverpool.
T«utonle.Mar «>. 10 am I Majestic. Mar. 22. 10** a
Oceanic. Mar. IS, noonlCedric.Mar. 24, • am
* Boston — Queemitown — Liverpool.
CymbrtcMar. 1. Apr SI Arabic Apr JT
HEW TOBX AND BOSTON DXBBOT
To the Mediterranean.
Via Asorea. Gibraltar. Naples, Genoa.
Alexandria.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPTTBLIC . . . Apr .1.1 ROMAN! 1 " Jwty *
CR8T1C.'.;."..; Mar. IS. April 29. June 15
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC Mar. 11. April 22. "JHB» %
CAN0P1C. ."..:.. April 1 May 13. June 24
C. D. TAYLOR. Pmnsensrer Astent Pacific Coast.
. 21 Poet st.. San Franotaco.
Oceanic Ses.c». E?iSrr:S
VVVUHIV«»iJ«VV» Qma vn wM(l|lfcw M(l|Ifc
8 VENTURA for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. Feb. 23. 2 P. M.
SS*ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Mar. 4, 11 AM.
1 B. MARXPO6A, for Tahiti. Mar. I* 11 A.M.
]J.SP!ECIELS*Bm ca.'i2BL,TldQt QOCS 643 Mar-
Ui FlslgHt Gltt 327 Martat SI. Pier T. Pacifc St.
COMPASBII 91MXS1L1 TBAHSATLAMTIQuTt .;
DIRECT LIJTB TO HATRS>-Parla.^£<gß|.
Sailing every Thur-aaytna^ad
Saturday, at 10 a. m. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st. _
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Seo-
md claa« to Havre. $45 and upward. OSS-
?r\l AQEN'CT FOR UNITED STATES AND
rAVADA 33 Broadway (Hudson bulldins).
New York". J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pactflo Coast
A«ents-5 Montgomery avenue San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
_ — -*
XOSMOS LINE. SAN PBAVCISCO.
Passenger service S. S. "AS3UAN," m«
ton* Captain Paessler. sailing from San Fran-
cisco Feb. 22. for Europe, via ports on west
coast of Mexico. Central and South America.
For rate* and accommodations apply LENDA_I>
M. GRAY . Manager. 329 Market at. .
For V. S. HaTT Tard and VaUeio.
~ Strs. General Friable. Monticello and Arrow.
8:45 a. m., 12:30 p. m.. 3:15 p. m. 6 p. m..
830 p. m. . Sundays. D.15 a. m.. 13:30 noon. •
p. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo. 7 a. on., •»
a", m. 12:30 p. m.. 3:15 p. m..(*5:43 p. in.
Saturday). «> P. m, Sundays. la. m...» a, m..
8-20 p. m.. * P. m. Pier 2.. foot - Minis— at. ;
shone Main IMb. HATCH BB0§» :._■ :^
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECTIELS. ........ r. '. Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXACGHT • « Manager
PUBLICATION' OFFICE .....THIRD AND MARMET STREETS. . SAN FRANCISCO
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 21, ' 1905
RUSSIAN CRITICISM.
THE Novoe Yremya. an official organ at St. Petersburg, is much
pleased at the disagreement of the Senate with President Roose
velt over the arbitration treaties, and improves the occasion by
iag American diplomacy. Among the things to which it ob-
Secretary Hay? note on the neutrality of China, and his de
mand 'that the administrative entity of that empire be respected in
ihe present war.
It may be said in charity for the St. Petersburg paper that it
American diplomacy because it cannot understand it. It is a
irait of the ignorant and superstitious that they either fear or laugh
ai what they cannot comprehend. The Russian idea of diplomacy is
the antithesis of the American. The Russian idea has succeeded in
all dealings with the khanates, by which they were cheated and
finally overrun, and it had a successful career in Eastern Asia until
encountered the Japanese, who replied to its paltering and false
hood by sinking a* Russian fleet at Port Arthur and defying the
nations to join issues in battle.
The incidents and instances of Russian diplomacy in Eastern
are quite fresh in the memory of the worid. She found Ul the
r rebellion an excuse to send an army south of tiie Amur River
to join the forces of toe concerted powers and move to the relief of
the legoi Vking. After that relief was accomplished the for
eign Mir Peking representing the concerted powers, in con
junction with the military commanders, made an agreement to
evacuate Chinese soil at a fixed date. This agreement was made
upon diplomatic honor and also upon military honor. Japan ob
served it, so did Great Britain. France, Germany, the United States
and every nation concerned, except Russia. She kept her army on
Chinese soil and made supplementary agreements, fixing other dates
for evacuation, all of which she violated.
The purpose of this perfidy, this diplomatic and military dis
v. as disclosed when our Minister, Mr. Conger, notified his
( lovernment that Russia was trying to make a secret treaty^ by
5, with China, using the presence of her army on Chinese soil
DC the empire into the compact. Upon receipt of this informa
tion our Government protested, whereupon the Russian Minister for
zn Affairs. Count Lamsdorf. ordered his diplomatic represen
tative at Washington. Count Cassini, to deny that any such treaty
Jiad been proposed, and to impeach the veracity of Mr. Conger. Fol
lowing this the Chinese Foreign Office furnished Mr. Conger with
an authenticated copy of the proposed treaty and a statement of the
coercive means used by Russia to compel assent to it by the Chinese
Government.
Now this series of events proved Russia to be destitute of diplo
matic and military honor, and to have descended to common lying
to impeach Minister Conger. Xot only to the United States, but to
oiher nations. Russia has disclosed this hardened disregard for truth
and honor in her diplomacy. The most recent instance was her en
tirely false charge that neutrality had been violated by China. Had
h not t>een for Secretary Hay that falsehood would have served as a
pretext for carrying the war over into Chinese territory, which was
■
'J he contrast between Russian and American diplomacy is
1. Secretary Hay stated the purpose of using our army" and
navy in the Boxer war on Chinese soil. Their use did not vary a
hair's breadth from that purpose. We left Chinese soil when "we
said we would. Secretary Hay wanted the open door policy in Chi
commerce. He said so to the other nations, and the open
door is there. He wanted safety and respect for Chinese jurisdiction
and territory in the present war. and said so. to the nations, and they
assented. American diplomacy is direct, frank and truthful, and
proceeds upon the fact that a straight line is the shortest distance
between two points. It has set the pace for the diplomacy of the
world. Russia will rage and go on insisting that a crooked line
ts the shortest distance between two points, but her style of diplo
macy is destined to disappear. Nobody believes anything that is
said either by her military or diplomatic representatives, and her
diplomatic and military honor is discredited and disbelieved. The
Novoe Yremya sneers at the President's "cornucopia of arbitration
treaties." Americans prefer it to Russia's Pandora's box of false
hoods, broken promises and perfidy.
TELEPHONES AND TELEGRAPHS.
A BULLETIN upon telephones and telegraphs, just issued by j
the Census Bureau, contains conclusive proof that these two j
inventions have passed beyond the range of conveniences and j
are now one of the absolute necessities of modern urban life. Leav- I
ing railroads out of consideration, there is no other common commod
ity that commands such a wide range of use or that answers so gen- ;
erally the demands of business and everyday affairs. Electric light
and electric traction have not the grip upon present day necessity
that these two contrivances for the speedy transmission of thought
hold.
Thomas Commerford Martin, the compiler of these statistics, es
timates that in the year 1902, for instance, there were no less than
5.000.000.000 telephone conversations carried on over the countless
wires throughout the country. In 1880 the census recorded
that there were 348 exchanges in the . land ; in 1902 there
were 10,361. At the time when the latest figures were
taken there were 2,315,297 telephone appliances in use. or one
for every thirty-four inhabitants of the nation. In fact, the telephone
is rapidly overshadowing the telegraph in general utility. The for
mer interest was represented in 1902 by an outlay of $348,000,000
capital as against $163,000,000 invested in the latter. The telephone
gave employment to 64,628 wage earners, and the telegraph to 24,978.
The telephone has in use four times as many miles of wire as its
companion contrivance.
The preponderance of general use which the telephone enjoys is
in large measure due to the specialized functions given it in the con
duct of large city systems. Mutual exchanges between business
houses, the connection of departments of one large concern by tele
phonic communication and kindred elaborations upon the original
function of the instrument have all made it one of the prime factors
of industrial and social life to-day.
KILLING WOMEN.
IN the last two months the papers have recorded the murder and
attempted murder of a score of women, either by jealous suitors
or beastly husbands/ To offset this only one woman was handy
enough with the pistol to put the man out first. In most of these
cases the same dismal story is told of the fool man threatening to
kill the woman, and she. foolish on her part, neglecting to have him
put under restraint.
It is time that lawmakers and the medical profession combined
in recognition of this furor that attacks a certain sort of men. When
one makes threats to kill a woman unless she marry or elope with
him it should be classified as a special kind of crime, and be pun
ished with the utmost severity. Such creJtures deserve, and should
have, no mercj\
It is a form of crime that seems to be upon the increase. It
•ruck down victims that had never desired nor encouraged the
attentions that end in murder. Good wofnen are made the prey of
erotic fools, who force their presence upon them. Existing law is
rot sufficient to restrain or punish these creatures. We beg fo su«*
hat the women voters in the States that have female suffrage
can find in this matter a legitimate object of attention. Having the
ballot, they can use it. if they will, to secure legislation that will be
gladly followed in the non-suffrage States. The crime is getting to
be the odium of our civilization. It is so common that there :s: s a
feeling of approval when a woman successfully 9onducts her own
defense with a gun.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1905.
The Runaway
IZOLA FORRESTER
"I want you to take Kleanor
home to Airslie. BUI."
C£. I ANT to see Mr - Mac Donald
*• I now, please."
; The girl stopped short in front
■ of Caxton's desk, alert and
slightly aggressive. Caxton cut
short his dictating and turned toward
her with courteous attentiveness and
inward annoyance. Many persons
wished to see Mr. Mac Donald —now.
The position of private secretary to
Mr. Mac Donald required many diplo
matic dodges and evasions. At first
sight of the girl's face he was on his
feet, looking down at her with eager,
longing recognition.
•Billy!"
She said it softly. It would never
do to let the stenographer guess just
how much it meant to her to see Billy
at that moment, but perhaps Billy
knew. Hf was a goose if he did not,
with her looking into his eyes in the
old, glad way, and her lips smiling a
tremulous welcome at him.
Caxton's hand gripped the side of
his desk. He tried to keep steady, to
remember all that might have hap
pened in three years, but all he could
say was:
"You've come back."
"Back forevermore." All her heart
was in her voice. "Where's papa. I
didn't know that you were here."
Caxton ignored her last remark, but
it brought him up short from the rose
colored dreams of three years ago.
"Mr. Mac Donald is in his private
office. Doesn't he expect you?"
"No, he doesn't." She hesitated
with laughing nervousness. "I'm not
sure of a welcome even. Ive — Billy
I've run away."
"Run away? From Airslie?" He
had not even heard she was home.
She shook her head.
"Not Airslie. I haven't been home
at all. I only landed this afternoon—
on the 'Cedric' You remember old
Fanny, mamma's maid? She is with :
me. And I've run away from mamma
and Europe, and Deighton."
'*>fighton? I thought—" He
stopped short.
"I know. Everybody thought so.
So did mamma. So did Deighton.
But I knew, you see." She raised her
fhin with the delicious air of authority
he knew so well, and as their glances
met her own was full, of sudden en
treaty. "Billy, I couldlh't stay over
there. You ought to see him. And
you know mamma. Jf I had stayed
she would have tumbled me overboard
sure as fate. So I simply ran away."
An electric button buzzed impa
; tiently at Caxton's desk, and he
: glanced toward the door of the pri
i vate office.
FASHION'S MIRROR
Shewing a modish evening cbpe in pastel blue broadcloth,
trimmed with shirring and ruffles of Luuisinc silk the same
shade. Velvet buttons and silk cord ornaments complete the
adornment.
"Shall I tell him you are here?"
"No. I want to surprise him. You
stay right here, Billy. I'll answer
that."
The man in the private room did not
turn at the opening of the door.
"Call up Judd and Holmes. Caxton.
Tell Judd I'm not in town. You don't
know anything about the M. K. stock
if he asks you."
Eleanor walked quickly over to the
j desk and folded her arms around his
j neck and laid her cheek to his.
"Hello, papa," she said softly.
Mac Donald jumped from his chair.
She felt her first shock of shyness as
he faced her. He certainly was not
glad to see her. In fact, he looked be
yond her at the door, with anything
but a pleasurable expectancy.
"Where's your mother?"
"In London, with old Lady Deigh
1 ton."
His brow cleared, and he looked at
I his daughter with more attention. It
i was three years since he had seen
[ either her or her mother. He had
never denied to himself that their de
parture had been a relief. While there
had been no trouble, as the world
views domestic trouble, there had cer
tainly been incompatibility of temper
in large doses, and Mrs. Mac Donald's
sudden decision that Eleanor needed
Continental finish had been a most
welcome peg on which to hang the
argument. The one great shock of
KleanQr's reappearance had been the ]
fear of the argument's immediate dis- I
lodgment from its peaceful peg of |
neutrality.
Eleanor gripped her gloves tightly. 1
If only he would look a little pleasant.
She plunged ahead recklessly.
"I didn't come over alone, papa. I
brought Fanny with me. Mamma
doesn't know that I'm here. Oh, I
please don't. Not just yeit," as her j
father looked up to speale. "Please
v«it till I tell you. I know it was a
terrible thing, but it was all I could
do. Mamma had even set the day of
the wedding, and I hadn't accepted
him yet."
"Accepted who?"
"Why, you know, Deighton.
Mamma's little Lord Deighton."
Mac Donald shook his head in dis
sent.
"Your mother has not seen fit to
keep me posted on current events in
Europe," he said.
"We met him last winter in Lon
don," Eleanor went on. "Mamma
simply grabbed at him. He was
brand new, and had only just come
into the title. And mamma told him
all about us, or at least she told old
Lady Lelghton, his mother, and how
you were gotfd for a couple of million
anyway, and they fixed it up. So you
see there wasn't anything for me to
do but run away."
MacDonfl.ld did not speak for an in^
stant. He wanted to laugh. If ' had
been possible, he would have enjoyed
parting with a small portion of that
couple of million he was good for to
have seen Mrs. Mac Donald's expres
sive face when she found her plans
had gone astray. As for the girl, he
regarded her with a new sense of
helplessness. He had never been an
expert at dealing with the intricacies
and eccentricities of the feminine
character. •
"Papa, I saw Billy Caxton out in
the office. What is he doing here?"
"Caxton went under". Bill's earning
a living at present. I wouldn't rattle
him if I were you. He needs a level
head for a few years."
"And you are helping him?" Her
voice was eager.
"He doesn't need much help: only
a chance. The boy will land on his I
feet. Caxton died."
"Oh!" Elennor drew in her breath
sharply. They had been in trouble,
and she had not known it. Billy
mi^ht have written. He had never
written to her at all. Suddenly the
remembrance of the look in his eyes
returned to her. He thought it would
make a difference to her. She gath- j
ered her courage to the point of ac- j
tion.
"Papa, I think you ought to know— »
I don't know whether you do or not.
Perhaps you do, and that's why you're 1
good to Billy." She came over to his j
chair and perched herself on its arm
as she used to do three years before. )
"I like Billy, and I know he cares for 1
me. He told me so three years ago. j
I promised him then there would
' never be any one else. That's why I
SERVIAN IS OLDEST
MAN IN THE
WORLD
STOVAX ZIKITSCH.
STOVAN ZIKITSCH says he is
the oldest person in the world.
He has passed 117 years and has
the records to prove it. Others
have declared they a^e older,
but Zikitsch refuses to believe them,
because, he says, they haven't pro
duced the evidence.
Zikitsch lives near Nish, Servia. and
Is wonderfully vigorous, with clear
memory, good eyesight and strong,
hearty voice.
He has much to say of his adven
tures in fighting against the Turks in
his earlier years. He took part In the
war which gave the Greeks their free
dom.
THE MIRROR'S PHILOSOPHY
A mirror met, by chance, a window
pane.
"Good friend." the latter begged, "can
you explain
Why our good mistress lavishes on you
Such loving care and such devotion true.
While I. though ever eager for a chance
To serve, am seldom favored with a
glance?"
"The reason, gossip, is not far to seek,"
Replied the mirror as he rose to speak:
"Through you each day her neighbors'
charms are shown;
I, wiser, tell of nothing but her own."
j. Forsyth Smith, in Lippincott's.
A DOCTOR ON AUTOMOBILES
I know of no reason why a man or
woman, with average intelligence,
sound limbs and good vision, should
not be able to successfully pilot an au
tomobile over our ordinary country
roads or city streets. It is remarkable
how quickly one's timidity vanishes
and how soon we attain a feeling of
confidence. As we learn our machine
we find that it is easy to control and
simple to manage. The nervous pa
tient, no matter how timid, need not
fear to take the first lesson at the
steering wheel; what appears to be dif
ficult and perplexing at first soon be
comes easy and fascinating. A good
deal of nonsense has been written
about the strenuous automobile face,
and the effects of wind and dust upon
the eyes and lungs.
Most of the faces I notice in the au
tomobiles that pass reflect content
ment and happiness. There is nothing
depressing or particularly strenuous
about riding in or driving a motor car
at a respectable gait, even through
the crowded streets. — l»eslie's
Monthly.
ran away, dear. I wanted you and
Billy. Now, won't you let me stay?"
Mac Donald pushed the electric hut~
ton under his desk. Caxton entered
the room.
"I want you to take Eleanor home
to Airslie, Bill. You may telephone
out for them to have things ready.
She Is not going back to Europe. I'll
be out on the 6:45. I am going to
cable Mrs. Mac Donald."
He kissed Eleanor and went out of
the office, shutting the door after
him.
Caxton waited. He was not sure.
Three years is a long time. Eleane^
raieed her tear-wet lashes and looked
at him.
"Must I say it again, Billy?" sh»
asked, and throwing Judgment to the
winds, Billy took the figure in brown
close in his arms.
"Say it again," he said.
Europe was far away. Eleanor
leaned her head back on his shoulders
and smiled up at him.
"There isn't anybody else in all the
world," she said.
(Copyright, 1905, by T. C. Me-
Clur/.)
MAKES A NOVEL DEFENSE
A blind man named Green made a
curious defense at Birmingham, Eng
land, to a charge of smashing a plate
glass window worth £15.
He had been blind, he said, for seven
years. On the night in question he
cried for assistance to cross the road,
but no one came. Then he heard some
one at a distance, and struck at what
used, when he could see, to be boards
surrounding waste ground. He was
astounded when he heard the sound of
broken glass.
The jury acquitted him and he was
discharged.
Iceless Budapest.
Ice Is so difficult to obtain at Buda
pest that an effort is being made to
secure a law compelling all apothe
caries to keep supplies of it for per
sons who need it in case of illness in
the family.
Townsend's Cala. Glace Fruits. In ar
tistic nre-etched boxes. 10 Kearny at. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street, Telephone Main 1042, *
The Smart Set
SALLY SHARP
Lawrance D'Orsay will be the guest
of honor at the Sequoia Club this
evening, the reception to take place
at 11 o'clock. Mrs. Russell Cool will
preside as hostess.
Bride bells will ring out in Santa
Earbara's old Mission to-day for the
nuptials of Miss Alice Baqon and
Thomas Driscoll. Romance surrounds
the affair, for 'tis many a year since
the marriage service was read in this
house of the early padres, the an
tiquity of which attaches sentiment
additional to the solemn rites. A nup
tial mass will be sung by a male
chorus and full religious ceremonial
will attend the marriage. It will also
be tinged with military setting, for the
bride comos of a naval family, her
father being Paymaster A. W. Bacon.
Miss Cornelia, Kempff. Miss Eleanor
' Phelps and' Miss Kittie Kautz. all
j children of the navy, are the chosen
i attendants of the bride. flfcfSl
; . ♦
The studio of Mr. and Mrs. Jules
I Mersfelder in the LJonhead building
\ as filled with an assembly of artists
!on Saturday evening. Music, delight
j fully given by Miss Eleanor Connell,
! Nathan Landsberger, Homer Henley,
1 Edward Moore, Mr. Housfelt and Mr.
I -McCoy added to the pleasure of the
i evening. Among the guests were Mrs.
! George Carr, Miss Eduah Robinson,
Mrs. Linda Bryan, Mr. and Mrs. C. M.
Miall, Miss Wishart, Mrs. Otto Bendix,
Charles H. Lombard, Porter Garnet,
Dr. George Redding. Dr. Arnold Gen
the, Amedee Joullin, Francis Mc-
Comas, Charles Rollo Peters. Charles
S. Aiken. John Gamble. Spencer
Wright, Robert- Aiken, Royden Wil
liamson, Mr. and Mrs. Homer Henley,
j Mr. and Mrs. E. McNeil Moore, Philip
j Faschel. , -
• «
The Innovation of Sunday teas over
which presides a man Is fast becom
ing a favored success. The home of
Eugene Lee, on Steiner street, an
artistic and inviting domicile, was
filled with tea guests last Sunday
afternoon. Conversation and delight
ful music by several cultivated musi
cians passed the afternoon in a con
ANSWERS TO VARIOUS QUERIES.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPH— H. C. D.
W.. City. Direct communication by
wireless telegraphy between Los An
geles and Catalina Island was opened
January 15, 1905.
PLEASANTON — Subscriber, City.
Steam cars first passed through Pleas
anton in 1876. Grading for the Ala
meda and Santa Clara Railroad (Nar
row Gauge) was commenced September
27, 1875.
THE NAVY— P. C, City. An enlist
ed man in the "United States navy can
not be commissioned as an officer.
Commissions are issued only to those
who graduate from the Naval
Academy. 1
NORMAL SCHOOL — Subscriber,
Ukiah, Cal. Address a communication
to the principal ot the normal school
you wish to enter for a circular of m
formation as to qualifications for ad
mission and the course of studies.
BREWERY— R. M.. City. For infor
mation as to the amount of. territory
that is occupied in England by a cer
tain large brewery and the number of
men employed in the concern, address
a letter of inquiry to the secretary of
LIFE'S SUNNY SIDE
PREFERS TO STAY. IN JAIL.
Kind Lady — "Wouldn't you like to
spend your Sundays with your wife
and children, poor man?
Prisoner — No, ma'am. It's wives and
children. I'm in here for bigamy.
HER HELPMATE.
Katherine— She's a great bargain
fiend.
Kidder— Her husband looks like a
remnant.
genial manner. Assisting Mr. Li»e
were Mrs. Lee. Mrs. James Snook. Mrs.
Harry Rice Mann, Mrs. Linda Bryan,
Mi» Ednah Robinson, Mrs. Florence
Porter Pfingst. Mm. David Erskine
Allison Jr., Miss Eva Withrow.
One of the leading events* for Thurs
day of this week is UM musica'.e to h«
given In honor of Miss Mari* Withrnvr
and Mrs. Olive R«*ed Cushman. Mr*.
John D. Sibley will be the hostess at
the Colonial.
• • •
Mrs. Gertrude Athert^n will he the
guest of honor at a dinner Thursday
evening, given by James D. Phelan
at the Bohemian Club.
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann will en
tertain a large number of guests in
her Washington street horn.? in March,
whpn Arthur Delroy will entertain with
his impersonations and card-readin*.
In Arril Mrs. Mann wffl give a r?inn-r
to Julia Marlowe, the famous actress,
who will be In town for two weeks.
Mr?. Frank Deertng will be -«ne of
to-day's luncheon hostesses.
Miss Josephine Lmighborough and
Miss Azalea Keyes leave to-day for
New York en route for foreign travel.
Mrs. Whittell and Miss Florence
Whittell are at the SC Francis for a
brief stay. Miss Whittell entertained
many callers yesterday at an "at
home."
• • ••
Mrs. Robert Armstrong Dean and
Mrs. V. T. Tlngley Lawrence will he
at home" to-day at 1450 Leavenworth
street.
Bridge, dominant and undupHcat»»<l ->•
magnetic Drowess, held sway yester
day in many homes. Among the at
tractive hostesses with several guests
were Mrs. B. B. Cutter and Mrs. Fr»<l
erick Hope Beaver. On Thursday
bridge will be the motive for a gath
ering called by Mrs. Timothy Hopkins.
Mrs. M. P. Jones, who is giving *
series of bridge parties, will entertain
again on Friday of this week.
the corporation. The information asked
for is not obtainable in San Francisco.
COURSE OF STUDIES— W. K. By
applying to tho principal of the Com
mercial High School or the principal ut
the Polytechnic High School you will
be advised as to the course of studies
therein.
WANTS TO KNOW— W. R.. Fair
banks, Cal. Ttiis correspondent wants
to know the history of the digging of
a ditch by monks between a cloister 111
Northern Peru which enabled them to
row in a small boat to a river that is
tributary to the Amazon. Can any of
the reader^ of this department advise
SOLDIERS' HOME— O. S.. Modesto,
Cal. There is a State h< .»» for dis
abled United States volunteers at
Yountvllle. Napa County. Ca!., ami 1
national home for disabled Unit-ii
States volunteers at Santa Monica.
The general qualifications for edmis
sion are that the applicant must be an
honorably discharged soldier and there
must be disability which prevents th>?
applicant from earning a living by
labor. For specific information on th^
subject address a letter of inquiry to
the commandant of each home.
HIS JOKE.
Nocoyne— lf any one calls, t«U them
I'm asleep.
Offlce-Boy — But that would be lying.
IVocoyne — Sure; you don't expect me
<o sleep standing, do you?
/wojLvn's WORK.
Mrs. Oldwed— Woman's work is never
done. '-.;
Mr. Oldwed— And lots of lit to nerer
started,' \. AbvKItTISE3IEN'TS. I
Healili of American Women
— — — — — — — — — . .
A Subject Much Discussed at Women's Clubs- 1
The Future of a Country Depends on the '
Health of Its Women. . rv j
At the Now York State Assembly of Miss Mattie Henry, Vice-President of
Mothers, a prominent New York doctor Danville Art Club. Danville, writes:
toid the 500 women present that healthy Dear Mrs Pinkham—
American women were so rare as to be " Many years' suftVrin* with female weak-
aimost extinct. ness, inflammation andaorokon down system
This seems to be a sweeping 1 state- made me more anxious to die than to live.
rnent of the condition of American but Lydia E. Piiikham's Vegetable Compound
women. Yet how many do yon know as restored my health an* lam so grateful
e^o 1 Ti fectl;r - we V nd *°°<**™ i^ l wtl I i!SarSTSS£& T£Z&
some trouble arising from a derange- 1 Compound will do for her." *
roent of the female org-anism which ! j rrri. ? Cn "J *■»»«* ,
unanf.svs itself in heaSa, hes. back- . WOmCD "« troubled with
• aches, nervousness, that bearing-down "«*»}«. suppressed or painful men-
feeling, painful or irregular menstrla- s^ va tion weakness leucorrhoea, dis-
tion. leucorrhoea, displlcement of The P^ement or ulceration of the womb,
utems. ovarian trouble, indigestion or J hat feeling, inflamma-
sleeplcssncss? There 'is a tried and J lon fl °J the ovaries, backache bloating,
4rae remedy for all these ailments «* s«*uleney), general debility, mdi-
a E. Pinkhams Vegetable Com- and nervous prostration, or are
md has restored more American b with such symptoms as dizziness
nen to health than all other reme J'i?, 1 ."/ 88 ' lassitude - excitability, irn-
dfes in the world. It regulates. tab . llltv . nervousness sleeplessness,
strengthens and cures diseases of the meanoholy 'all-gone w and "want-to-
female organism as nothing else can. }> c-e -l eft - aal oe? c feelings, blues, and hope-
For thirty years it has teen curing } essnes f' . c v f ™> ld remember there
the worst" forms of female com s.^rii^rveSSisrsSia^s
E. Pmkham s \ egetable Compound at
hnlfn»l as the following on ~ r . emove « such \\ r A °" h]e * ?° othe ?
should be convincing. medicine far. the world has received such
M^L c - wmadsen - of MaXmi^ - meSets^chT^cord o^urTo't
_. ' r '. . , female troubles. "Refuse to buy any
other medicine, for you need the best,
and 1 cannot exp're&s my gratitude to you in A light heart, a cheerful countenance,
words. For two years 1 spent lots of money j and all the charms of grace and beauty
in doctoring without any benefit for men- ' are dependent upon proper action of the i
Btrual irregularities and I had given up all bodily organs. You cannot look well
bop** of ever being well again, but I was « n i « _ o u *„-] wp ii
persuaded to try Lvdia E. Pinkham's Vege- vn J. e6s £ ou 1 leel w . eil •* n. 1
table Compound and three bottles have \ Mrs Pinkham invites all sick women
stored me to perfect health . Had it not been to *"*• her for advice. Her advice and
for you I would have been in my grave medicine ' have restored thousands to
to-day." health. Address, Lynn, Mass.
Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound Succeeds Where Others Fall.
WILL PROTECT
CITY'S RIGHTS
Mn|Kjtiißi>ln Send Represen
tatiye to Capital to Fight
the School Apportionment
The Board of Supervistors yesterday
authorized the Finance Committee to
employ H. A. Mason to go to Sacra
mento to oppose, on behalf of the city,
the passage of the bill now before the
Legislature changing the method of
apportioning the school funds, which
will result in a loss of $250,000 in the
revenue of the local school department.
Another bill introduced by Senator
Keane fixing a minimum tax for
schools, which will cost San Fran
cisco $500,000, will also t>e opposed.
A communication- was received from
President Roncovieri of the Board of
Education calling attention to the fact
that the vote on the final passage of
the bills changing the apportionment
of State school funds would come up
in the Assembly on Tuesday afternoon
and in the Senate on Wednesday
afternoon.
Brandenstein criticized Roncovieri
for having withdrawn his opposition to
the bills. The criticism drew forth a
reply from Gallagher, who warmly de
fended Roncovieri for his original
efforts to defeat the bill, which, how
ever, were futile. Roncovieri. how
ever, agreed to a compromise that the
bill go into effect in September instead
of July. •
Braunhart said that if Roncovieri
had withdrawn his«opposition with the
understanding that he was the official
representative of the city the state
ment should ■■♦- refuted. He opposed
any concession that will result in im
posing an additional tax on the tax
payers of the city.
Mayor ' Schmitz denied that Ron
covieri had claimed to represent the
city and was corroborated by H. A.
Mason, who had appeared before the
Legislature when the bills were first
under consideration.
The ordinances granting the Ameri
can Fixture Company permits to main
tain engines, boilers and oil fuel tanks
in premises on Erie street near Mis
sion ere repealed.
The City Attorney was requested to
rive an opinion as to whether the
board has the power to grant the Santa
Fe Railway Company an additional
franchise for tracks on Indiana, Six
teenth and other streets.
Demands for $231,350 were drawn in
favor of two Jewish societies as the
purchase price of two blocks for Mis
sion Park.
Th" Bay City Club was granted an
amateur boxing permit for March 3.
•^ WjEW AD\TSRTisEMEyrs._ •• _-■..
A "rlair«Mver" that craws la popularity.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIGINAL remedy that "kills the Dandruff Oertn."
cSrOING-l GOING-!! GONE!!!
urn urn vaTun n *emtm will un it. too vie m nemicwe.
.*;/•*«» A UAIB /"»I»4"*sTZ/lE?© hut « knowiedire of scalp anatomy to know
NOT /%, tX/\llv'"Vj*£> V^ aUIV that the hair jr*«» its nourishment direct from the
1;</ * «-»••*-»•"•» "--•.. tialr-psptlla, Thtref ore. the only rational treat-
K«it>ro"r Kerpklde *W ••* **** bfttr— nature mentis to destroy the cause of the disease. Herp-
to.it o.i (Ms— but >> destroyiat tftt mtrrnMi- eneales Srlde does this ; It cures dandruff, slops falling
cX r.«lr fc«»itl the h*!r li bowed to crow •» nature hair and relieves : Itching. -'A delightful heir
Intended : except In chronic bylines* ft requires dressing. Gives extraordinary results. Try It
•nc Sicrrv VJC Vs* ID:., stoas. to KERHCtSf. CO, Oegt. H. Oetrett. iicl, for a uapto.
A ypi.icAT;oirs 'at ?H.oai T 3asts^k 3 hops.
RECEIVES BIDS
ON BOND ISSUE
Board Opens Proposals for
Municipal Sureties Aggre
gating Sum of $1,703,200
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
received bids for municipal bonds
amounting to $1,703,200. The bids,
which were referred to the Utilities
Committee, are as follows:
.*ilirx>rnla Bank — Sewer bonds, $75,000; street '
bonds. M<»>. County Jail and Hall of Justice,
$201, 000; total. $436,000. : .
State Board of Examiners — School bonds,
$209,400. •
Hibernia and Mutual Bank* — bonds, j
j $181,200; school bonds. f8t,80»; street, $40,
600; County .Tall and additions to Hall of Jup
tice. $17,400: total, f 328.000. ,*}
J. D. Phelan — Street bonds, $27,500. !
Anglo-CaJlfornian Bank — School bonds, $241,- I
409.
San Francisco Havings Union— Hospital
; bonds, $250,000; sewer bonds, |26,000; street
bonds, $75,000; school bonds, 150,000; total,
5400.000. -
The secregation of the bonds as bid
upon follows:
Hospitals, ' $250,000; sewers, $281,200; I
: streets $213,000: County Jail addition to Hall
lof Justice, $278,400; school, $4550,600; total,
$1.7C3.200.
The Adornment Association sent a j
communication calling attention. to the .
great necessity for the improvement of i
Market street from the ferry to Sec- I
i mid street and of streets leading into .
It, which are below the grade on ac- '
count of a gradual subsidence of the !
soil. The communication says:
Th*> street* should now be filled up to grade, i
the fill resting on . suitable foundation such ]
as Is used for buildings in that district. The *
proceeds of bonds should be used for perma- )
! nent street work because repairs are properly \
chargeable to current revenue. \Y<- recommend
a pavement similar to that on Third street for
Market street from Ea*t to Valencia, also
I the widening; and paving "of Mission street. !
The petition of the San . Francisco
Chapter of Architects that steps be
taken to have an architectural com- j
petition for plans for the new public j
buildings to be constructed under the i
bond issue was referred to the Utili- j
ties Committee. *
The ordinance ordering the paving
i with » asphalt of Mission street from !
I Onondaga avenue to Porter avenue at
a cost •of $80,000 was finally passed.
i Similar action was taken on the ordi- :
! nances ordering the parking of Dolores
street from Fifteenth to Seventeenth
at a cost of $500 and the sewering and '■
macadamizing of Holly Park and
Buena Vista avenue at a cost of $9000. ;
■ ♦ «
BOARD OF FIRE WARDENS MEETS.—
Th' 1 Board of Fire Wardens, Comprising th«
battalion chiefs and executive • officers of th«
Fire Department, met yesterday morning. The
peneral discussion of improvements and n«cf.i
| ultles of the department was the chief business
before the meeting. Chief Sullivan presided.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 21. 1905.
BACOME'S BATH
ISSUE IN COURT
Wife of a Week Leaves Him
Because of Alleged Aver
sion to Soap and Water
DEFENDS HIS HABITS
Sister-in -Law Says the Old
liackman Is as Cleanly
as borne Other Persons
A widow, the mother of a married
daughter, became the bride of a man |
of tja, the hale survivor of two mat
; imonial ventures. The wedding was !
celebrated on August 31 last and a
week later the disappointed lady went j
back to live with her daughter. The '
gray-haired groom immediately in- j
serted a notice in the papers that he :
would not be liable for his wife'a bills ;
and^then he sued her for divorce, al
leging cruelty and desertion. She filed
a cross-complaint, in which she told <
of the uncleanliness of her spouse, i
Yesterday the trial was begun before '
Judge Hunt.
William Bacome, a hackman, who !
has accumulated a fortune of $20,000, j
is the plaintiff and in telling the court j
of his bride's desertion he said it had j
so sorrowed him that he suffered for :
the first time in his life from heart ;
trouble and sleeplessness. He had not I
been so affected when his former ,'
wives died and he said, "I'm the fair
est man to a wife in California."
Kit Bacome's story had to do with ;
uncleanliness and impolite table man
ners. She declared that Bacome told
her he had not bathed in thirty years ,
and the reason that she did not dis- ;
cover this before she married him was •
because he kept his face clean and ,
used perfume when he came courting.
The bath story was denied by Annie
McGee, who said that she kept house
for Bacome, being his sister-in-law, I
and she prepared water for his ablu
tions once a week. The case will be
argued this morning.
Judge Seawell yesterday granted a
divorce to Harry J. Pfiel from Jennie
E. Pfiel on a cross-complaint. The
wife sued in August, 1902, charging her
husband with having choked her. He
pleaded justification and said that she
left home and associated too freely
with one S. W. Shippuld, who was
also known by five other names. A
cross-complainant was also successful ■
in Judge Troutt's court. Maud P. Dix
sued Charles W. Dix for divorce for
cruelty, and in return he charged her
with infidelity with a soldier named
Bert Pfeiffer, proving the case.
Other decrees of separation were
granted as follows: By Judge Sloss to
Emma M. White from Dan White,
cruelty; by Judge Murasky to Sarah
J. Wheeler from George S. Wheeler,
desertion; to Grace M. Lowry from
William R. Lowry, desertion; by Judge
Graham to Susie F. Schanbacher from
Albert Schanbacher, cruelty; to Ger
trude Freese from Charles W. Freese,
neglect: by Judge Kerrigan to J. Wini
fred Butler from Clyde H. Butler, de
sertion; by Judge Hebbard to Helen
R. Peck from George G. Peck, deser
tion.
Nathan Cantor, a young hat factory
employe who was married two days
before last Christmas, yesterday asked
the court to annul the union because
his wife, Lottie, is in the last stages
of consumption. Since the wedding
sho has been sent to a hospital and is
now in Arizona seeking to prolong her
days. H> r condition was not made
known to her husband until it was too
late.
Amy N. Biggs, who married Frank
P. O'Neill on November 26 last, has
discovered that he has another wife
living and has feued for an annulment
■if her unfortunate union.
In July' las=t at Oakland Harry L,.
Hathaway married. He filed a suit for
divorce yesterday on the ground of
cruelty.
Othor actions to sever the ties of
thr unhappily wedded were begun by
William H.-rriman against Fanny Her
rimon, desertion; Isabel McMillan
against Alfred McMillan, cruelty;
Amelia E. Keser against Alfred S.
Koser. desertion; Elizabeth o. Hoev
elcr against William K. Hopveler, cru
elty; Mary D. Newton against Wil
liam H. Newton, desertion; Emma Mc-
Elreavy against Daniel McElreavy, de
sertion: Willis I. Hall against Annie
Hall, desertion; William H. Benson
against Myrtle M. Benson, cruelty. In
the later case the couple were married
two months ago and twice since then,
says the husband, the wife has re
mained from home all night.
i;i.i-ati:s EXPERIENCES
WITHIN PRISON WAI;I>S
Mrs. Rnllington Booth Says Her Kf
forts to Save the Sinful Have
B6M Fruitful.
Mrs. Ballington Booth, commander
of thf> Volunteers of America, and
justly entitled to all the reputation she
has gained for brilliant oratory, met
and addressed a gathering of her sex
in the red room of the St. Francis
Hotel yesterday afternoon on prison
work, to which she has been devoting
the greater part of her attention dur
ing the last ten years. Though the
attendance was not as large as had
been expected, the fact did not lessen
Mrs. Booth's enthusiasm in her dis
cussion, which deeply Interested her
audience.
She prefaced her remarks with a
story of how one day in New York
she received a bunch of pretty flowers,
the petals of which had been bruised
by careless handling, and how she had
watched them discolor and wither and
finally revive under her care. . From
these flowers, the speaker said, she
had gained her first inspiration in the
work that she had later undertaken.
As in the case of withered flowers,
Mrs. Booth said, there is a bud — a bud
of hope — in the unfortunate men be
hind prison walls, and it only needs
gentle care to revive the victims of sin
to a life of purity. She told of the
many thousands of seemingly helpless
creatures she had met in the peniten
tiaries in this country, and of the suc
cess that had attended her efforts and
those of -her religious followers in
bringing the minds of these men into
a hopeful mood so that they might
ltad better lives upon their release
and regain the confidence and sym
pathy of their fellow men.
Cnlor Begins Arguments,
The arguments on the motions to
dismiss or arrest the proceedings be
fore Jud??e Lawlor on the accusation
charging the Election Commissioners
with misfeapance in office and on the
demurrer to the accusation were be
gun yesterday afternoon. Attorney
Cator for the defendants argued at
length that the proceedings before the
Mayor against the Commissioners took
the case out of the Jurisdiction of
the court. 9» by the charter the Major
was clothed with the sole nower to
remove officials from office. Further
intent was continued till Thursday
morttinf.
PRIMARY
ELECTION
LAW VALID
Supreme Court Eefuses to
Issue a Writ Prohibiting
Judge W. P. Lawlor From
Trying Joseph Rebstock
JUSTICE AXGELLOTTI
WRITES THE OPINION
Accused 31 ay Yet Escape Con
viction by Pleading as
Defense That He Testified
Before the Grand Jury
Five Justices of the Supreme Court
declare that the primary election law
Is constitutional. This decision about
settles the fate of Charles Wyman and
Adolph Steffens. Joseph Rebstock, the
third member of the ballot-box stuffing
trio, may escape on a technicality.
.The opinion was rendered in answer
to Rebstock's petition for a writ of
prohibition to restrain ' Judge ; Lawlor
from trying him on the charge of re
fusing to perform his duties as an elec
tion officer in the Almshouse precinct
at the primary election | last August.
After an elector had been challenged
Rebstock should have made the ' man
make his statement under oath, but
this the petitioner categorically de
clined to do in the case at bar. .
The accused election officer was sum
moned before the Grand Jury and after
telling his story was indicted. He was
arraigned in Judge Lawlor's court and
was about to be placed on .trial when
the matter was carried to the Supreme
Court on a petition ; for a writ of pro
hibition. Meanwhile proceedings in the
lower tribunal have been stayed.
ADVANCES TWO /ARGUMENTS.
Rebstock's attorney presented two
arguments in defense of the claim that
the trial should not be allowed to con
tinue. The first was that the election
officer's confession before the Grand
Jury was a bar to . prosecution, the
other that the primary election law
was unconstitutional. The first argu
ment was baaed on section 64 of the
Political Code, which says:
No person otherwise competent as a wlt
nesft shall be disqualified or excused from tes
tifying concerning any of the offenses enum
erated and prescribed in this .title, on the
ground that such testimony may crimlate
himself; but no prosecution can afterward be
had against such witness for! any such offense
concerning which he testified for the prosecu
tion.
The court says the section quoted
may ,we,ll serve the - petitioner as a
defense like the statute of limitations,
but it is not a bar to prosecution. It j
is said that the writ of prohibition
would lie' in a case where some court
had exceeded its jurisdiction, but such
was not the case in the oresent in
stance. When Rebstock is placed on
trial he may plead in defense that his I
testimony before the Grand Jury;
shouhl save him, and' the question may '
come again before the Supreme Court
on an appeal from a possible convic
tion. The Justices refuse, ' however, '; to
grant the writ of prohibition because
there is no legal ground for it in the
proceeding considered. '.;J
PRIMARY LAW IS VALID.,
Rebstock's second, claim of ground
tor, release was based on the alleged
unconstitutionally of the; rules govern
ing the , primary election • law. The
court answers this argument briefly as
follows:
It is suggested that the Indictment falls to
Mate a public offense, for the reason that the
oath which the defendant omitted and re
fused to administer is in violation of section
5, article. II of j the constitution of California,
which provides as follows: "All elections- by
; the people phall be by ballot or by such other
method as may be prescribed by law; provided,
that secrecy In voting be preserved." Tho oath
mentioned. » to be taken by a voter challenged
on the ground that he has not a bona-flde
present intention of supporting the nominees of
the party, in whose nomination convention he
seeks to participate,, by voting for delegates
thereto, is one to the effect that* he has ■
present bona-flile Intention to support. the nom
inees of such convention. Assuming that the
question thus raised is one that may be prop
erly determined In. this proceeding- it Is mani
fest that" there is nothing in the point thus
made.
TEST IS PROPER.
! By' section 2% of the same, article 'of the
constitution, adopted In the year 1900, the Leg
islature is . expressly empowered to determine
the tests and conditions upon which the electors
may participate in any primary election, and
1 there is nothing ill a provision enacted by the
Legislature In pursuance of this authority re
quiring one seeking to participate in such an
flection as a member of any particular party
to openly declare his .allegiance to such party,
! which in any degree violates the, constitutional
I provision Invoked. .
! Such a declaration •is absolutely essential
'to the: proper -working, of -any primary law..
Hy his mere offer. to vote for delegates to a
convention of any party tne elector does, in
. effect declare . his ; intention to ■ support' the
nominees of such convention, and the oath ' 15
provided for as a guarantee of the truth of the
declaration already made by such offer to
' vote. ■ -. -" ,'.v>\ *- ; : '-"".'■' ! i : -\\:' {
Steffens, Wyman and Rebstock . ail
relied on escaping the consequences of
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; _^ c __^^^_^.
/BLOOMfNCV BEWARE!
:■■ M ' ' .' ....ij^ Every- woman who values her complex- 3
' Mt^t* f /£CV "2 '•'■ * 7»ft* '■■- ion is cautioned 1 that the genuine Lablache
m / ->ir| 0 ' jfIPPW Ah 1 Face Powder bears the signature of "Ben '
■ *Zf i\\X'£ M|s^-*V I* ■ Levy". in red. across the label of the box. A
. I X^tiT\ (uL.HitJl & 9 All 1 others are counterfeits and : dangerous.
I(^lltt^f)li/uJ^?» LABLACH- FACBPOWDtK f
,W^V-*^Vr- *>■■■- HMJy :is pure and contains no minerals. -It is scl- •■•'.
' V >r-ifL-r% m- entifically ' prepared to nourish and freshen
'■•■■ J^ Ei\/t.R 'M " the skin, remove all impurities and blemishes \-
,. "m^^* \*f\» ■*%**>' *~J and health and charm to the if ace of the
W Q\Jri{j^r woman who uses it. It. makes the skin smooth,
I '[ T^^i ■-■:•':■■ -^^v-- ■ ' clear. and beautiful.^ Preserves a fine complexion, ' ;
.1 - / V ' .. . restores one .which is faded. ] Its peculiar perfume is
I extracted from flowers and plants which possess antiseptic properties.
|i: Accept no substitute, Flesh, white, pink. cn»am tints. 50c box, druggists or ma!!. ■.
I BEN LEVY & CO., French Perfumers, 125 Kingston St., tostou, Mass.
111 11 1 nrr^ CURE SICK HEADACHE, ,'| '• .^ ■ - -1: \ - ....•.-. .-. . ■ ... .. ..-:;,■
CARTERS .m fc j Palace DON I FAIL TO
■ittle Genuine Must Bear I. IdlaCc -^ . £»^.
fiy|R Fac-Simile Signal aMI * &„£ *££™
la IS£ JB&IZ-jS and room, the EMPIRE
gaJ 1 /tfze4*>*H&o&*£{- x -: «"" parlor, the
iNFORMATION WANTED r rand PALM ROOM, the
INFORMATION WANTED " s«S
mIdUnIIIHIIUIV lIHIIILU », .^i-. DIESV WRITING
Of CHAKIES OXTTTTS, or family, late of Hotels room
New Zealand.' .."K.; S.'i-or Auckland-asks for ■ -,i ; v . v
SAYS ATTORNEY
DECEIVED HIM
Isaac Selby Calls Judge's
Attention to a Matter and
Demands Legal Discipline
TROUBLE ABOUT MONEY
Asks Permission to '{Defend
Himself at His Trial for
Assault to Commit Murder
Tsaac Selby, who fired a shot at
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard in his court
room on November 28, created a scene
in Judge Lawlor's court yester4ay
morning. His case was on the calen
dar for trial and when it was called
Selby stood up in the dock and said:
"I wish to call your attention to a
matter that reauires legal discipline.
I had told my attorney not to com
municate with my friends, asking for
money, but I find that he has done so.
He got £5, which I allowed him to
keep, but since then he has got £13
more, which he has kept without my
consent. The law gives me the right
to defend myself, and as I have lost
confidence in my attorney I wish to
dispense with his services, and I will
conduct my own defense."
The Judge replied that as an at
torney had been representing Selby
the right he claimed had been in a
measure withdrawn. The attorney,
W. G. Deal, who had been appointed
by the court, was a bright young man
and the Judge said he had every con
fidence in him.
Assistant District Attorney Ferral
said that as he understood the defense
would endeavor to prove insanity, the
defendant could hardly represent him
self. He agreed with the Judge that
Attorney Deal would look properly
after the defendant's interests.
By consent the case was continued
fyr two weeks ,and at that time it will
bje again continued, as a commission
has been appointed to take the testi
rriony of persons in New Zealand and
Australia on the question of the de
fendant's sanity. It will take three or
four months before the report of the
commission is received.
VISITOR FROM COUNTRY
L/OSES WEDDING DRESS
Loaves Card Box Containing: It at
Ferry by Mistake, and Some
One Steals It.
B. C. Crawford of Posteria. Cala
veras County, has asked the aasistance
of the police in getting him out of an
awkward predicament. He came to
the city to purchase a wedding 1 dress
for a young lady who would soon be
his wife. The dress, a tan colored
silk, cost him $75. He was at the
ferry on Sunday morning on his way
back to Fosteria and had the wedding
dress in a card box.
When he reached the Oakland mole ,
he discovered to his dismay that he
had forgotten all about the box which
he had left in the waiting room at the
ftrry. He took the same boat back
to the city, but when he rushed into
the waiting room the package had dis
appeared. Captain Burnett has de
j tailed Detectives Conlon and McGowan '
on the case.
Another victim of a thief at the
ferry on Sunday was Benjamin Gear
McDougall of Fresno. He had occa
sion to leave his grip for a moment
and when he returned it was gone. It
contained-* few personal effects and
a bank book.
Saves Two Children.
The prompt action of Christopher
Ward, a 15-year-old boy living at
529 1/21 /2 Bryant street, saved the lives of
Martin Pelahanty, a small boy resid
ing at 505 Fourth street, and Irene
Klipstein. who lives near Zoe and
Bryant streets. The children fell into
a smnll pond in the basement of a
new- building at Bryant and Zoe
streets last Saturday and would have
drowned but for young Wards com
ing to their rescue.
FRAUD ORI>ER ISSi'KD. — The Postmaster
Genera] hup Issued a fraud order against the
Ha thorn Mutual Commission Company, in the
Starr King huijdlnK. 121 Deary street. It is
said to be a Ret-rlch-qulck concern.
Ask for Log Cabin bread at rrocers and
branch bakeries. Wholesale. 900 Dolorea »t. •
their acts through an expected declar
ation hy the Supreme Court of the in
validity of the primary law. The
measure was held to be unconstitution
al because it was alleged not to main
tain tho secrecy of the ballot. The
court by the Rebstock decision de
stroys this part of the defense of
all three. Wyman and Steffens have
been convicted of ballot-box stuf
fing and sentenced to three years each
at San Quentin. Rebstock will now
have to go to trial.
The Supreme Court opinion was writ
ten by Justice Angellotti. Without
further argument or explanation Chief
Justice Beatty and Justices Shaw, Van
Dyke and L/->rig.an directly concur. The
other two Justices dirt not participate.
" .- ADVERTISEMENTS. -'
«M-±— _b_ .11.1 _ L_L'|L
H -. - ■.' * . - - * 9
I Rightway Specials I
I For the Week I
Great bargain news from m^
"that different store," owned . I^^? 11
;nd operated by 25 expert / if 1
shoe m^fi who "know / Jl ■!
what's right and do it." jC I .
Ladies'. s3.so C^ C r (§k $M I
Shoes - - V »«JJ vfA A^ I
One of the best bargains we have lP^^^^v C^ I
ever offered. J*^ egg* I
The leathers are patent kid and pat- «*%a&ta!l 9
ent colt. The soles are turned. ' Tis.\lßß^. 1
The tops' are dull mat kid. The lifflKßflMl
" . V styles are lace and button, with
tips or plain toes. Very latest
lasts. French heels. Plenty of ■^IS^*
every size. Our (£'% C C ■&
regular price, $3.50. <P J. * J I
y This week. wm%*o*o • ■
■ A Men's $1.25 Slippers 90c I
fc£'^\^v Not slip P er me ' yon say? But it should be. 1
&\.y or here's a rare chance. For this week we I .
kjfo'z A^^. W^' sell our black and tan vici kid patent 8
>§&. V A. leather trimmed men's S
%^t. \V-X — slippers, our regular Wil/* I j
$1.25 grade, for ■• W* H
■ \^i- $ T-5OT -5O is the popular price for this n
B \ifc-.. >^ grade everywhere. j
B I A [ yJJy C *^^^^^^ mm a» ■ — i f\ M
fr I tit* r\ C i w « "•*- ' wj I 1 L_ V^AJ M
AMUSEMENTS.
omTIVOLIbkm
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK.
GRAND OPERA
TO-NIGHT. "THE PEARL. FISHERS."
with .Tetrazzinl: Wednesday ami Friday.
"MIGN'ON," with BerUndi and . Francisca;
Thursday, "I PURITANI." with Tetrai-
zlni; Saturday Matinee. "LUCIA" (By re-
quest), with Tetrazzinl; Saturday Dvenlnsr.
"lli TROVATORE".; Sunday. SPECIAL
FAREWELL PROGRAMME. .
S?.f?- GRAND SYMPHONY CONCERT
Under the Direction of Sisnor GIORGIO
— Beethoven's nth Symphony in
C.Mlnoi- — Soloist. Madame LOUISA TET-
RAZZIXI. Seat* now on sale. 60c. $1. $1 SO.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT — OPENING OF
THE COMIC OPERA SEASON
p^uVo-? BOCCACCIO I
, Seats Now cm Sale. .
cm iimri a m mKem .
LEADiira m&
— I^AST SIX NIGHTS —
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
Kirk La Shelle . presents -
Lawrance D'Orsay
In Augustus Thomas* comedy,
THE EARL OF
PAWTUCKET
NEXT MONDAY— HENRY W. SAVAGE'S
English Grand Opera Company.
First week — "Othello." "Carmen." "Lohen-
Erln."
GRAND ssk
Every Evening 1 . Including- Sunday i
LAST TWO WEEKS
HOLIDAY MAT. TOMORROW
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Klaw & ErlanKer'.< Supreme Production
MOTHER.
GOOSE
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOB ALL
REMAINING PERFORMANCES
Alhambra Theater
FRIDAY EVENING. Feb. 24.
GRAND ORCHESTRAL AND CHORAL
CONCERT
For the benefit of the
VERDI MONUMENT FUND
Given by the
MINETTI ORCHESTRA,
Assisted by the
4 ■■*•:-■ HOWE CLUB
Of 150 Vocalists.
LIISA TETRAZZINI
Will sins: the Cavatlna , from "La TravUta"
and other . noted . vocal and Instru-
mental soloists will assist.
Reserved Seats, $1. 75c and 60c. On sale at
Sherman.- Clay & Co." s, - Monday. Tuesday,
Thursday and Friday.
Kin ' AND ' QOTTEOLD
And a Splendid Snow Every Afternoon
, . and Evening" in the Theater.
SEE. THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD.
'■' CHARLES BIGNEV. World's Champion High
Diver.
RIDE ON
THE CIRCLE SWING.
Fireworks Washington's Birthday
• AJHATETJR NIGHT THURSDAY
ADMISSION: : ..T. IDe | CHILDREN. .V
" <f**\ DAVID
y B ISP HAW
TO-NIGHT, at 8:15
iFTliiirs. lie'g., Feb. 23
. ■•^&!?>* r >; LYRIC HALL
- Saturday Afternoon — ALHAMBRA
':: Reserved ■■> Seats - *'_'. •■ *I.."<>. i ?1. ; i v. :on sal»
■ Sherman, Clay ;& : Co.'s, ■ where complete pro-
I grammes may be obtained On account of
I legal ' holiday - the ?a!e will be held at ' Lyrlo
I Hall i on 'Wednesday.
St. f f rancis Special Concert, Wed. Eve. '£
.:■ "Enoch Arden".: and / Songs. 1 : Seats $^50.
COMING MARCH 14th
ETJGEN D'ALBERT
The Greatest Biethoven Player in the World.
* AMUSEMENTS.
Ideal Attractions!
Delmore and Lee; Joaepbina Sabel: Bar*
ney Bernard; Hares and Healy; Bert
Howard and Leona Bland; Cola and
Johnson; Paolton and Doley; Ford and
"Wilson, and Orphetun Motion Picture*.
Showlnjr 'The Strenuous Life."
Regular Matinee* Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices: 10c, 2So
and SOc.
t CALIFORNIA v
TO-NIOHT *
Stetson's Production a
UNCLE TOM'S I
! CABIN
25c. MATINEE WEDNESDAT AND
SATURDAY.
Next Sunday— DAVlD HARUM. :
With W. H. TURNER and many
others of the original cast.
I Coming— MARGARET ANPH3C I
I t
AT £*% 17 1 T> Belaaco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR 555S
_ General MatuiKer.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT.. AND. SUNDAT.
HOLIDAY mat. TO-MORROW.
Great Revival of Shakespeare's Comedy,
THE MERCHANT
OF VENICE
Brilliant Costumes, Scenery and Music.
Mr Cralgr as Shyloclt. Miss Lawrence as Portia.
Ev«!>.. 25c to 73c: Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 25c to 500.
Next Mnn.— First Time in Stock. Clyde Fitch's
Comedy, • the Ethel Barrymore Success, •' '
CAPTAIN JINKS
OF THE HORSE MARINES
KNTRAISi?
JtEr But S tpj G B JB»^Tfc Buss p 5
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINSEP SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.; '
SPECIAL MAT. WEDNESDAY. Feb. 83.
A gorgeous, spectacular triumph of scenlo
splendor in the most thrilling melo-
drama of modern times. . ■ ,
A RIDE FOR LIFE
The most • pretentious railway effect ever
culled from science for theatrical purposes and
the acme of inventive genius displayed In tho
Btartllngly realistic scene where a full-steed
locomotive
DASHES ACROSS THE STAGE IN A
.' BLINDING BLIZZARD!!!! '
PRICES— Eve. 10c to 6»tc: Mats. 10c. 15c. 2Se.
Tab. 87~"WHT WOKM WXM.'* ,
Bad! jg&Raclig!
Hew ><&[ Jockey
California y*J Club
OAKLAND TBACI.
CALrrORNXA DERBY. 53500 ADDM),
TO BE KXTV WXSNBSDAY. FBB. 82. ' ■'
tIOOO HANDICAP. TO BE RUN SATTTB-
* ;-.,.-. DAY, FBB. 23.
Racing' Every Weekday. Rain or Shins,
- Haces start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8 P Ferry foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12-30* I 00, t:30.0r 2 "0. Returning train*
leave' the track at 4:10 and 4:46 p. m. and im-
mediately after the last race. HSSn
THOMAS H: WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W.- TREAT. Secretary.
MISCEULA>~EOT7B AMUSEMENTS
Grand Irish Song sod Organ Recital by
Madame Rosa d'Erina
Assisted by Professor O. R. Vontom.
Th« programme will include "Silent O
Moyle." "Rich and Rare," 'The Meeting of
the Waters." "Th« Minstrel Boy." "The Rls-;,
in' of the Moon," "O'Donnell.Abooi" etc, .
ALXAMBXA THEATER
This evening i o'clock. Prices '" and 7Sc.
Tickets on sale at room 87. Flood bids.
iiJfGALL
16 Pages. $1 per Year
910
A CALL WANT W%£ HOPE: RETURNS TOR THE COST
H LALL WAIN I n\J give I lUkL k L. I Ukl>O V XJ\< I FIL \JU<j i
munn QW*!?* /**\ A* ft
* b fi""tt H • ■ /Veil 1
JOUX D. SPKJSCKKLS IVoprictor
A<iilress Ccnusunicatlons to
McNACGHT ' .liMiiiri
\\\; J. 31AIlfi-N r . ...Business Man.i? r
TIOiTIiOXE.
Ask for TliU CAL!^ The Oj^ratcr Will Con-
nee: You With tho Department i ou Wish.
Publication Office JAsrkfl and Th:nJ. S. F.
Koitcrial liooms 217 10 ~-i Stevenson st.
l>?Jiverod by Carriers. 20 Cls. l>r Week. 75
Ctf. Per aionth. Single <"cp'.es .". Cts.
Terms by Mail, Xcci^Oir:^ Pcstsge <Casli With
OrOer) :
I'AELY C.M-L [tacind Sunday). 1 ycar...JRM
DAILY CJ.I-L, (inciuiL Sunday) 0 m 0?.... 4.00
•PAILY CAl.l^— By S:r.-;» Month tie
fUMUV CAi-L. 1 Year 2.50
UKEKLY CALL. 1 Vcar ICO
\ f DaCy. .^S-80 Per Year Extra
FOJIEIGN J SaC(ia j.. 415 per Tear Extra
POSTAGE, \weokly. I.W Per Year Kxtra I
ALL POSTMASTEKS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUMSCHIPTJCX&.
Saicple "Copies SrtD b^ forwarded when re-
<jaested.
• Maii rnbscrtber* jr. ordering change or ad;
«reaa choUJ be particular to give bo*.h ;s.fc.vv
AX» OLD ADIJIIBSS in order to las'ire a.
prcs:pt and correct com»llance with their re-
<J-esC :;'
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101* Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
j«3« Center Street Telephone North 77
• WASHINGTON CORHESPOXDENT:
fIIVEL W. •VTALI- Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
"SValdorf -Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentaao, 31
Trion Scnare: Murray Hill Hotel; Firtb-avenne
JJctil asd nnlfinac House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Phensan . see; P. O. News Co.; Great
Nortfc-Tn Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
hotel; PaltccT lloase.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS Marqaetle building.
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
HrEINi:?? OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
ocrcer Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
II Dl m.
806 Montsnnery aye.; open until 9 p. m.
EOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C;:t3 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
tin Larkin i-treet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
j:>4l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
Jf'S Eleventh street: open until 9 p. in.
Jo9fi Valencia street: open until 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
y?ftft Flilriiore ytreet; open until 3 p. m
KEETIHO HOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. C
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVKN-
ING, February- H. at 7:30 o'clock. f>f\
Stated meetinc.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodjre No. 30, F. and m
A. M.— Third Decree THIS (Tt7ES->#y
DAY) EVKXING at 7:00 o" clock. By
order of the W. M
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, P. and A. »
M., Masonic Temple^ — First Dejjree yy
THIS 'TUESDAY EVENING at 7:30 -^^
o'clock. Craftsmen are cordially in-
vited. R. C. JEWELL, W. M.
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
FAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360, F. •
and A. M.. Mission Temple^ — Third de-VV
gree THIS (TUESDAY.) EV EtCINa />r\
at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting brethren
oordially invited. By order of W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
. ,
GOLDEN GATE Lodpe No. 204, I. f^
O. O. F. — Members attend <iur^BKe.
next meeting. TUESDAY EVEN-£.i?^V?fV3
ING. February 'IX. Business of' ->^rrr?^*
importance and Initiation
C. M. QUINTERO, N. G.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Union
Iron Wcrks will be held at the office of the
Company, 222 Market street. San Francisco.
Plate of California, on TUESDAY. March
7. 1905. at 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuinp year, and for the transaction of
s-jrh other business as may com* before the
meetinr.
CHARLES N. CHAMPION." Secretary.
Office 222 iiarkct St.. San Francisco Cal
February 20. 10C5.
KOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
BANK OF CALIFORNIA — NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN* that in pursuance of a
resolution of the Hoard of Directors of The
Bank c: California, a corporation organized
end existing under the laws of the State of
California., passed and adopted on Tuesday
the 31tt day of January, 1905, at a regular
rr.eeting of said Board duly held at No. 400
California street, in the City and County of
E»n Francisco, in the State of California
(the came ing the banking-house and prin-
cipal place of business of said corporation
end being the building where the Board of
Directors of said corporation usually meets)
a meeting of the etockholders of said cor-
poration is hereby called for and will be held
at No. 40f> California street, in said. City
and County of San Francisco (the same be-
Jrg the banking-house and principal place
rf bueineeg of i-aid corporation, and being
the building where the Beard of Director*
■f said corporation usually meets), on TUES-
DAY, the 4th day of April. l!'O5. at three
o'clock in the afternoon of raid day, for the
purpose of considering, deciding and acting
upon the proposition to increase the capital
ttock of laid corporation. The Bank of Cali-
fornia, from three million (3,000,000) dollars
divided into thirty thousand (30,000) chares
cf Ike par value of one hundred (100) dol.
l*rE each, to four million (4,000,000) dollars*
to be divided into forty thousand (40,000)
»har«-« of the par value of one hundred (100)
dollars each. By order of the Board of Di-
rector*. Dated Jan. "Ist. 1905 ALLEN
M. CLAT. Secretary of The Bank of Call-
fcrnla. j -y-
ANNUAL meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pary- The regular ar.nuel meeting of the
stockholders cf the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
t-empary. 330 Market f:reet (4th floor of
the Clark building), in the city and county
S. f «^l T l.^ Fr^ lclsco - State of California, on
THURSDAY, the 23rd day of February A
D 3**' at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m ' for
the purpose of Meeting a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for tee
transaction cf such ether business as may
properly come before the meeting. Transfer
books will close ten (10) days prior to data
cf meeting. •
„ M. EHRMAN. Secretary Pro Tern..
Honolulu Plantation Company, 330 Market st.
gan Francisco. California. Feb. 8. 1905.
ANNUAL meeting Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company. The regular annual meeting of
the stock!-' of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office
cf the company. C 27 Market st. (Room 4
second floor). In the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, on SATUR-
DAY, the 4th lay of March, a. D. i»O5,
et the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur- !
l^ose cf electing a Koard of Directors to '
fccrve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of ruch other business as may prop-
trly ccme before th«- ■ting Transfer
books will close on Tuesday, February "1 '
IMo. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m. '
H. W. THOMAS.
B*cretary Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company
327 Market Ft.. .San Francisco. Cal.
ANNUAL MEETING. KAK'AUI' PLANTA-
TION COMPANY— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the HAKALAU
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
tbe olfice cf tbe company. •'1-7 Market st
«room 4, «cond floor), in — city and county
ft Ean Francisco,* State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, the Ift day of March. A. D.
i:»CS. Bt the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
1 urpose of '.Icctirjr a board, of directors to
icrve for the «r..-uin*; year and fcr the
transaction of eveb .- other business as may
properly ccme before the meeting. Transfer
. 1 (-ok* will close on Saturday. February IS
30C5. at the hour of 3 o'clock i» in H. W.
THOMAS. Secretary Hakaiau Plantation
Company. 327 Uerket gt.. San Francisco. Cal.
ANNUAL matins Kilauea. Sugar Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the '
rtcxkholders of ths Kllauea Sugar Plantation i
Company will be held at the office of the !
company. 227 Market tt.. in -the city and!
rounty of San Franrisco,' State of California, '
oh 'TUESDAY, the 2Sth day of February. A.
I>. 1005. at the hour cf :; o'clock a. m., for
ihc purpose of electing a hoard cf directdn*
. to serve for the year and for-t!ie
<r.ir.fa'"tion of such oth-jr business cs nisy
cojtc before the meclfns. • Transfer bool:«
will clccc on Fri-'aj-. February 17. lno.V at
the hcur or :> o'cioc!; p. rv H..W. THOMAS
Secretary Kllauea. Susrar • Plantation Com-
tpEuy. 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
ITwFEK'F r.cws for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 cases. In wrapper, for mailing. 11 par yets. '
I j| ATTOSSBYS-AT-LAW.
' Advice free In all legal matters; private divorces
a laity; quick: quiet; no pay unless divorce
i i» gr&nt"<:; collection* made; partnership bill of
1 wile, T.-ill«. deeds, etc.. drawn. Open evenings
iby request. Established 22 years. O. W.
I HOWE, 1122 Market St.. bet. Mason & Taylor.
j ApytCE free; private, confidential ;'buslness le-
gally and promptly transacted; attachments, col-
I lections, probate, mechanics" lions, tenants eject-
j c-d. tafciraptcy; deeds, mortgages, homesteads,
I partnership papers, contracts, wills, etc.,
I drawn. W. MATTHEWS, 032 Market, r. 23.
• R. W. KING. Attcraey-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
1 Oth floor, entrance room 011; established 20
I in; all courts, general court and office ,
i practice: no fees In advance or for oonsulta-
j ti^n: eveninss by appointment. Tel.' Red 3001.
ASJj DIVOKCE COSTS $12
Advice free, nulck. quiet, all law business:
no 'advance fees, no charge without success.
Kxpmtnrr. building. Heom 310.
ADVICE fre*: legal divorce, costs $12: nil law
cases handled: no fee In advance: open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call and save money. 81 Market, r. 33.
AA— DIVORCE: cost $12; quick, quiet: advice j
free; all law business; no charge unless we-
cessful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 30L |
ADVICE free; divorc*. private, costs reduced
half. H. H. HEATH. 855 James Flood build-
ing, 970 Market.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fee* in advance: open evenings.
ADOPTION. .
i INFANTS adopted at Maternity Villa; private.
DP. EMILIE FU.NKE, 1416 Bth st.. Alameda
AGEHTS WAHTUJJ.
WANTED— A capable business man, compe-
tent to earn $3000 to $5000 a year, who de-
sires to build up permanent business and is
In position to act as our general agent in
San Francisco and vicinity on commission
basis: must be thoroughly responsible; appli-
cations must contain reliable references.
STANDARD FIRE APPLIANCE CO., 27
William St., New York, U. S. A.
RARE opportunity; $10,000 per year for hust-
lers with small amount of capital to handle I
our goods, either personally or by sub-agents,
throughout the United States. Call and in-
vestigate. Room 307 Adams bid.. 206 Kearny.
' __ ASTHMA CtTRE.
DI N OLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly;
lie. Csc 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas, also
Wishart. Tenth and Washington, Oakland.
AUTOMOBILES. • - .
FOR — A bargain in model B Cadillac ;
been run only a short time: equipped with
top, baskets and acetylene lamps and with
four-inch special tires on the rear; no rea-
sonable offer refused. WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. 1878 Market st.
FOR sale l9o4 White touring car, at a big
bargain- must be sold at once; owner has
bought 1905 White. 1878 Market St.. phone
South 305. WHITE SEWING MACHINE
COMPANY.
AUTOMOBILE for sale; 12-horsepower; In
first- class running order. Box 6700. Call.
UNIVERSAL automobile; 10- horsepower
and in first-class shape. Box 7001, Call.
FOR White Stanhope auto. Box 5199,
Call cf/lce.
BXXSnSTESS CHANCES.
— $650; PARTNER wanted In good paying
saloon on Kearny st. ; German preferred. For
particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s22so;A — $2250; CORNER saloon, with 7-year lease;
best location in the Mission; place e^tab.
years; has large stock and is elegantly fitted
up; rent $56; a place known to be always
paying well. Call R. G. WILKE, 2«H
Kearny st.
A— $1000; SMALL steam laundry: estab. 2
years, but doing now already a business to
clear net $150 per month; Richmond Dis-
trict. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A $1100 UP-TO-DATE machine shoe repairing
plant acrcEs the bay, complete line of ma-
chinery, business well established, right
place for live man; owner going East. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A $1000 BAKERY in the Mission, living-rooms,
all store trade, dally receipts about $23.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A $1200 COAL, wood, hay and grain yard,
established 17 years. 3 wagons, 2 horses,
must be sold at once on account of death
of owner; a good business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny.
$800; LODGING-HOUSE for sale or to ex-
change for chicken ranch; 13 rooms; rent
$35; clears $50 per month. Call for par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 26^a Kearny st.
— $250; CORNER cigar stand on Montgomery
Et. ; location the best; a flrst-class business
offer. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— sl2oo; STATIONERY and variety store;
large stock, 2 rooms; rent $18; fine opportun-
ity for man and wife; place established
years. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s37so;A — $3750; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
comer In the Mission; 4 years' lease; rent
$75; place doing a first-class cash business
and is known as one of the beet paying cor-
ners in that location. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny. - •
A— ssoo; milk store and . branch bakery with
living rooms; best location in the Mission;
cheap rent. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$1000;A — $1000; restaurant and coffee saloon on Ellis
St.; place doing a flrst-class paying busi-
ness: must be sold at once on account of
clckness of owner. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
• Kearny.
A—slsoo:A — $1500: French liquor store on Howard St.;
rent $60; large family trade and a steady
bar costume; good stock on band: a bar-
pair.. Particulars. R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny. *
A— s3so; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Ellis ft.; 4 living rooms; rent $17;
a bargain. See R. G. WILKE*. 26% Kearny.
$1200; BAKERY In lively town. 30 miles
from S. F. ; rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day: 3 horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearry st.
A— s22oo; COFFEE saloon in best location;
rci't $50; place taking In above $70 per day;
10 ears' lease; a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearr.y st.
A—s3ooo;A — $3000; CORNER grocery, kept by owner 8
years; do:ng a large business; owner has an-
other corner grocery and bar for $8000; must
sell either one; take your choice: location the
best. See R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A—s3ooo;A — $3000; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years;
lease; a first-class business proposition. For
particulars Bee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— s22oo; CORNER saloon on California st. ;
rent $75; old . established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures; large stock; : a
. bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
$4000; BAKERY and confectionery, estab-
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses, wagons and buggy; one of the best
In this city. See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— ssoo. HARDWARE, locksmith and' electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. - WILKE. 26%
Ktarty st. • . - -,
A— s3soo; LIQUOR store, with 6 years' lease;
$2000: stock guaranteed; one. block north of
Mcj-ket: a very rare chance. - Call on K. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st. :
j — $1750; CORNER grdcery. and bar, with 9
living rooms; on Sacramento st. ; 4% years'"
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. VILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight
S«e R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. .
FREE. "
All property and business listed with us
and sold on or before : March 1, 1905, will be
done so free of charg/.
To Buyers— Please call and . see . our free
, list of apartment houses, hotels, groceries, lodg-
ing houses, saloons, ' butcher shops, bakeries
Fumfshed flats, cigar • stands, j tailor - ahops
and an antiquarian book store, also a large
: list real estate; hank and commercial , refers.
O"DONNELL. .U:p?<>N & CO..
1130 Market st. 4 .. .
TO INVESTORS. "
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only, .
From $600 to $50,000.
Have dividend propositions paving all the
way from .'> - to 20 per cent per annum
Fullest investigation . courted.-
Call or write for particulars.
3. W. .7AQUITH & CO..
James Flood ' building. "•
Rooms 874. 676 and 878; tel. John 2421.
WELL-ESTABLISHED paying business in ad:
joinir.j; town for nale; reasonable on account
• of other, interests that require my entire at-
tention. Address s>ox 7204. Call' office.
WANT l.i sell my cl.^ar stand and lunch
counter cheap: located near Grant and Geary
St.; rent rim!!: must leave.. Call at. office,
50 Geary et. suite I, at 10 to 11.
$75 MONTHLY— Steady man with $300 wanted
! as. partner; genteel business; must drive horse
and buggy. Apply 'Sib Kearny St.. room '4.-; •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1905.
STTSXITRSS CHANCES — Continued. !
A CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
.'{ Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.'.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — S2 fine copper claims, north of. San
Francisco: title perfect; '2 mountains of ore;
Belby'a assay, lowest 23 per cent, highest 40
per cent; solid ore from- surface, solid ore
from ledge, no waste; 35 miles from coast,
on river; water, wood and. coal plenty;, gold
enough to pay lor expense of working mine;
$4,OiiO.OCK) worth of copper within, loo feet of
surface. For further particulars pee CAME-
RON & CO.
A— We have tine list of saloons, all first-class
! locations, 1 ranging in price from $SOO to
I $10,000. See CAMERON & CO.
A— sl3so buys fine grocery and liquor store:
long established; first-class location: clearing-
s3oo to $350 per month above all expense;
K'"<«l horse and wagon, and complete stock;
b!g fiup; fixtures worth price. See CAME-
RON & CO.
A—soooA — $000 buys, the best little restaurant In
city; fine location; rent only; $12 per month;
I living room; large stock groceries on hand;
plenty table linen; fine steel range; liquor
license; rent paid to March 15; all goes;
clears $150 per month. See CAMERON &
CO.
NOTICE TO PHYSICIANS.
$2100 elegant" opportunity for an ambi- ■
tious physician in one of the most prosper-
ous mining towns in the state; a . fully
equipped and well stocked drug store in con-
nection with a large practice; you can gave
the purchase price the first year; this Is a
first-class opportunity. R. IS. CALZ.AHAN,
26 Montgomery st.
A— R. B. CAIjLAHAN, 26 Montgomery St..
' Telephone James 6301.
Business Location and Leases a Specialty.
. I will positively guarantee any place I ad-
vertise to be exactly as represented; will give
you from 5 to 10 days to investigate; you
cannot find any of my opportunities in any
other office; all - business ' strictly confiden-
tial. ■: -.-.■■■, .. ' ' -.'-
HENRY SCHMIDT & CO., OAKLAND.
855 Broadway. Cor. 7th St., Room 11. « ,
Real Estate, Insurance, Business Chances.
OUR MOTTO:
HONEST REPRESENTATIONS.
FAIR DEALING.
JUSTICE TO THE OWNER.
SATISFACTION TO THE BUYER.
Candy men, attention! — 2 different stores and
factories; one $600. the otner $1200. No more
about it. If you want to know, see us. ■
SALOON in the business center of Oak-
land; you cannot get a more favorable lo-
cation; every business house in blocks around
has made money and stays there. - If you
think you ara the right man in the right
place, see V
HENRY SCHMIDT & CO., .
855 Broadway, Oakland, room 11.
J. B OBERLE. W. H. MASSE Y.
EAGLE REALTY OFFICE.
230 Kearny St.. rooms 1-2.' Phone Black 6694.
FLAT, 7 rooms; nicely furnished; rent
$15; big sacrifice. 230 Kearny st.
$100 — BARBER shop; 4 chairs; good business;
*- steady customers; bargain. 320 Kearny st.
SNAP, snap, snap. •
Restaurant; must be sold at sacrifice; cus-
tom over $50 dally; rent $35 month; must be
1 seen to be appreciated; would consider offer
$1800. ALDEN, 1233 Broadway, Oakland.
NEWSPAPER and Job office— Whole or half-
interest in Democratic weekly and Job office
in California county seat ror sale; paying
handsomely; a real snap. Call on or ad-
dress CHARLES EDELMAN, 138 .Montgom-
ery at., San Francisco. .
F A BROOKBANK, ~~~
San Francisco's Leading ! Agent,
917 Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
GENTLEMAN on visit from Mexico, desiring
to settle down in farming business in Mex-
. ico, wants partner with $10,000; splendid
opportunity; safe Investment; liberal propo-
sition. Box 7045, Call office.
A STEADY man wanted as partner in a light,
plain business which will pay him $90 per
month; experience not necessary; $200 cash
required. Call 1027% MarKet st., room S.
$200 — GOOD chance for steady man to become
partner in cash business; duties easily
learned; sure profit of $75 a month to each.
Call 11-3, 131 Montgomery St., room 8. :
IN the best town on the bay; furniture, bar,
fixtures etc., of leading hotel, containing 38
rooms. ' Box 7047, Call office.
FRUIT store for sale at Invoice or half-Inter-
est $150. 1123 Market St.
WANTED — 1 or 2 men to learn good trade;
paid while learning; have $10 security. 212 Ist
$150 — PARTNER wanted; young man willing
to do light work. 47 Geary St., room 5.
WANTED — A partner with $2000 for a half in-
terest in one of the best trouble and worry
saving devices ever invented in the ma-
chinery line; full particulars ■ to the right
parties. Box 7501, Call office. *'
SALOON and grotto for sale, Redding, Shasta
Co., the liveliest mining town In State; must
be sold account of sickness; best fitted and
paying place in town; good location. Inquire
310 Market St., San Francisco, Calif.
OFFICE BUSINESS. « '.
Making money; needs services of good man;
small sum eecures half interest. Box 6907,
Call office.
FOR sale — Only carriage-trimming shop in the
city of Woodland, ■ established 30 years; will
be sacrificed on account of owner's health.
Address H. S. JOSLYN, Woodland, Cal.
A SET of lock and gun smith tools and stock
for sale; building to let. J. P. MILLER, 21
Locust st., Santa Cruz, Cal. -
TO sell 3000 acres of fine coffee plantation in
Southern Mexico; promoter wanted. Box 7019
Call.
$375— HARDWARE, paints, oil, carpenter and
locksmith shop; cigar store / attached. ' 1213
Valencia st. ... '. ,■ s .
FOR sale — and bar in a manufacturing
town on the bay; fine business and growing
steadily; price $1900. Box 7000. Call office.
A DELICATESSEN store and home-cooking
restaurant for sale; good business and long
established. Box 7201, Call office. .
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office, for particulars.
CANDY, notion and cigar store; open
window; 2 urn. rooms. Inquire 343 6th st.
GOOD inside route on The ; Call. Apply . 271
Fourth st., bet. 8 and, 12 a. m.
DENTAL office and practice for sale In city.
Box €896. 'Ca11.' . ' . ..-.-.•-.,
CIGAR, stand for i sale 'on Eddy st. ; business
district: low rent. , Box ; 7004, Call office. ':
I HAVE a fine ranch : will trade - for a hotel.
Particulars of box 7604, Call office. ' 
FOR SALE— Klondike Oyster House, 126 Third
st. ; owner retiring from business. ; '
A BARGAIN— Grocery at less than half price;
owner sick; come and see. 1407 Valencia.
$176 — CANDY, : stationery; low / rent; ; living
rooms; gold mine for candy maker. 442% 3d.
FOR eale — Philadelphia Oyster House; opposite
Postofflce.. 60 Seventh st." - - ■■ ;-.-■-.; -.-■-.
DRUG store ' for sale ; ■ price $1500. T. A. BA-
CON.. 490. Twenty- fourth, st., Oakland, : Cal.
$700— LIGHT manufacturing business for sale;
half cash. -Address; box 6763 Call of flee. * ]
A BRANCH office .of The Call for the reoep-
tion'of advertisements and subscriptions has"
been opened :' at 1008 Market - St.. ■ opposite
Fifth. Open '• until ;11> p. m. .; :
•A WEEK'S news for 6 — The Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year'
LOOGIWQ-HOTJSES FOB SALE, c
A— JUST A FEW OF ; MANY BARGAINS. '•
i 65 rooms; Market, St.; snap.". :.-..•.."..; $4500
22 rooms;. downtown; clears $125;..... .5500
55 rooms; to lease; '.vacant;' low rent. .•.-.■■■—'
50 rooms; clears $150 .». .....:..'...;... 52200
]tio rooms; long lease; : reduced j t0;.. .. .$7OOO
21 rooms; clears $100; long lease".*. .". $Siio
25 rooms; rent $50; only .:.......:..'. ..5600
10 roums; clears $50; only >...";...'...■;. .$3OO
'. Many others not advertised. -■- Please call
RETSLOFF & SPAULDING. rooms 6 and
• r 6A. 906 Market cor. Ellis. Phone 'John 4490.
A— SPECIAL BARGAIN; ;22 rooms . .V . . : ;; -
Price reduced to $1000: part cash;, balance
monthly. See RETSLOFF & SPAULDING.:.;
22 ROOMS; one block f rqm I Market : rent I only
Jr.."); .: rooms ■ never idle; ■ clears \ $125 \ month
;■ Reduced to $900. Retslpff & Spauldlng. :■ .-■ .
.->•.'..-„.• ;"'.v! :■' FISHER -.& ~ CO.. : - ■.■.-■■'-.-.• ~ •-
' Successors r ; to .Mitchell & ■ Co.', in rooming-
houses, note's • and - flats. .' James $ Flood V bldtc
Powell and -Market, room 436; phone Main 3354!
HOUSE of 12 rooms for sale.' cheap; call after
>?, Sunday. '■-» 345; Jessie- st. j,:..' ;';- ..; > -;•■ -y • ;
—Small * transient i rooming-house; '?' half
value taken at once; leaving 'city. 5 4th st.
.. :■'■ ■' ■■ ■■-' -. .•--,.-*. ■■•■'■■ - s .■-■.-. '• ■■ ■. ■- . . . '■ .
.".• '. -' "'' '-■■ ■■*'•■■". - t"- ■• ; -; - ■■- ' ... r ;. v
IODQIKG-HOTTSES POE SAM — Con.
A. ' CAMERON & ico— —^-Phone, South 1050.
, 3 Eddy, st.. ■ cor. Market and Powell. '
Headquarters for Roomlng-Housos, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. .■-". ■- "
70 rooms; 'modern' downtown -house*, cheap
rent; well furnished. and up to date; has fine
out of town "transient trade; never clears
less than $300 per month; dissolution of part-
ners cause of sale; exclusively with us.
{ 57-room. new, "modern apartment-house; ele-
gantly furnished.- in mahogany, oak ana birds-
j eye maple; velvet carpets; 'i and 3 room apart-
i ments; 5 years* lease; all full; obliged to go
East; only with us. -
- A beautiful NE. cor. 8-room flat on Geary;
rent only $55," where 4 rooms clear, whole of
rent; located east of - Hyde;' modern building;
well furnished; rare chance to "obtain, fine sun-
ny home cheap; price $050.
'21 rooms; central; rent only $140: new fur-
niture . and .carpets; : price $2200; part down,
balance $30 per month.
68 rooms; well located on NE. cor., where
the rent is less than $4 per room; well fur-
nished apartment-house; near Larkin-st.; al- ,
ways full and clearing over $200 per month;
owner retiring from business; first-class in-
vestment . for $4200; with us exclusively.
20 rooms; rent only $75; fine location; mostly
housekeeping; all full; well furnished; $800
! down; balance on time; will exchange for small
1 house or flat. . . .
60 rooms: fine new bulldm* and elegantly
furnished In weathered oak, mahogany and
blrdseye maple; Axmlnster and velvet carpets;
long lease; will guarantee to clear $-500 per
month; never been on market; sickness cause
of sale; only with us. jf
80 rooms; first class; new transient house;
well furnished and doing fine business; owners
ar» getting old and wish to retire from busi-
ness; price $2500.
100-room new modern downtown house: all
up to date; elegantly furnished throughout ;
long lease; clears $400 to $500 per month: can
be bought for 1-3 cost to furnish: price $5000;
owner leaving city; exclusively with us.
6-room modern flat: well furnished only 6
months ago; rent only $25; cost over $900 to
furnish; big snap; $400.
40 rooms; new modern building: up to date:
near Market st. ; elegantly furnished and
clearing over $200 per month: all lull; part
cash, balance easy terms; price $3500.
14 rooms, Eddy; cheap rent: well furnished
in oak .with good darpets; part housekeeping,
where you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work; price
$700. .
A. CAMERON' & CO.. 8 Eddy st.
WELL paying rooming-house; 10 rooms, for
sale: no reasonable offer refused; must sell.
830 Folsom. - ' .
11 ROOMS: well furnished: housekeeping; rent
$40; yard: stable rented; make offer. 116
. Page et. ' ■
LODGING-HOUSE. 38 rooms; very cen-
tral; close to theaters; this price Is very low
and must sell at once. Box 6299, Call.
14 ROOMS with lease, must sell, leaving city.
Call 974 A Howard st.
A BRANCH office of The, Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
.Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ■ -
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States nr Canada one year fgr_»l. .
Soomlng-Hotises and Hoteli for Sale. •
* UP-TO-DATE OFFICES.
MODERN BUSINESS METHODS.
ALL TITLES GUARANTEED.
Our services free to buyers. •
.Telephone Main 33-4-3.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Suite 801.
New James Flood , Building,
970 Market St.,
Opposite "Emporium."
NEAR THE ELEVATORS.
FOR SALE. ■-— ?:■: '
HOTELS and ROOMING-HOUSES . . , '-; ,
72 ROOMS.
Beautiful,' new and the profit is $25 .
monthly; apartment bouse.
. 42 ROOMS,
Corner; clears $100 monthly; price
reduced to $2000. All men room-
ers. Will exchange for a smaller
house. -j. . . .
11 ROOMS.
Price $300; ■ clears $45 monthly;
corner; all men roomers. Reason
for sale, owner sick. v
82 ROOMS.
Price $6000: half cash; new fur- .
niture; corner. Will exchange for :
real estate..
6? ROOMS.
$5000; corner; central; terms part
cash; banked $491 In January. :
15 ROOMS. 1
Central, sunny, north of Market;
$200; we back you for a thousand.
- 30 ROOMS.
Transient; central; corner; well
furnished; SNAP; cause death.
"68 ROOMS. '■*■ «
$5700; half cash; SWELL.; income
$800; rent $370; electric elevator;
MODERN.
20 ROOMS. '-
$550; rent $40; ELECTRIC V .
LIGHTS; profit $52 monthly.
90 ROOMS. .
"THE FINEST"; positively clears '
$500 monthly; near Nob Hill.
17 ROOMS.
BOARDING HOUSE; flrst-class
house; makes good living for three
people and . banks $S5 to ' $100
monthly.
24 ROOMS. i-
EXTRA SUNNY corner; full .of
first-class people; very appropriate
for a cultured' lady; north of
Market. > .
37 ROOMS.
NEW HOUSE; new. furniture;
eminently respectable: swell en-
trance; profit ; $175 , monthly. -
V 12 ROOMS. '
EXTRA LARGE; on Geary street;
Income $02 over rent; very quiet,
refined, I exclusive place; > same -
owner there ; 17 years. ; Price $1000.
31 ROOMS.
Price $1500 (9 rooms unfurnished);
apartment house; all rooms occu-
pied; It's a nice, clean, honest : . -j
house. :■- - ■ . .: :■•■■• •, , ■-...-
■■;''v 82 ROOMS. V *: :--\U
Swell; clears $350; price $2000 less
than cost; $1500 down and install- -.':;-
ments. I * ' . ■ .••'•"
! 35 ROOMS. B
$35 ■?• rent: price $1500; no dark
rooms; newly papered; clears $140
monthly. . . / . - ■ - ■ ,-
21 ROOMS. • :
$1000; . transient: near Ellis and
Powell; must be f sold. Make an
offer. . ' ■■-.■■ -s [. ■ » ~
8 ROOMS ' ' '
$300; easy terms; furnishings new;
located on Post street;? owner .-;' i' ■
sick In hospital: (2 rooms unfur- '--!"-;■'
nished). ;
' 48 ROOMS. '. '
Apartment house; price $4000; one-
thirdcaeh; rent $200; profit $200
monthly. . -. *- • • '
200 ROOMS, ■;
% furnished, great opening for an
energetic, ■ capable : man or woman.
124 ROOMS.
$4000; rent $360: north of Market;
roomers all business. men.' > "■ " I"
•"24 ROOMS. V
$1400;. rent $36; housekeeping; ■ full j
of nice ; families; t near Market on
an Ness. .
- ■ '. 41 ROOMS. ' ; ; H
(20 unfurnished) $1000; income $183 . -
per month over rent; north; owner '
sick. -•■■;.■..•.'■;■-.■-.-■. •-■■- ■■_■:'■ :■-•■;-; '-•"' . : , ; .> <
- 150 BOOMS ; . ' - '
TO LET furnished ;^ a '-.■ modern
apartment house, which If properly . -■".
maraped • should ' clear $350 ■ ' '■'*'
monthly. , v ■ ■■■■ . •-....-,,■,.. ,- ; . ■■.-':■' ''■ ■ ..- . '
"." ; HEin>TATnro:n
SUITS : cleaned and pressed, $1 ; ! scouring and
.-. ~ dyeing." Bon Marcho.'* Examiner; bldg., r. 410;
-*..■' phone .Druram 44. -i Call for and ; deliver free. •
''■"":. -"r~. CREDIT CLOTHIE-.S. ■
IC. F. AMS a CO., > 318 c Mason ; St.— Clothing
M for everybody s from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY i
"■ ■■';*■' > -. : . ' ' • To Consult ' •
; RICHARD MAYO »
_• --•■'■ At Reduced Charges. -■.. •
• Complete clairvoyant readings. 50c this week."
*.o charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
•» utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for ; and what you want to know. •He
, will tell you , your name, I your age,' : occupa- i
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
■ enemies are as real as though they stood 1
_• belore you. ■,_ - < .i ■
' t^OVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
I Gives, truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles,, marriages, restores lost affections. ,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
i.-j.., TELLS YOU WHEN AND <
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
S Ana how to WIN. the man or : woman . you
- Jove- and' how to make your husband or wife
, be true to you,: and how ' to overcome all
■ your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of jrou and how .to DE-
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS. . • '
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis . St.— 42lA— Ellis st.
Hours— lo a. m. to Bp.m. -, Private flat.
i MME. . LYNN] ■'■.'...'■: ■- ~~~ I '
The Eminent Clairvoyant — Psychic Mystic.
- SPECIAL REDUCTION THIS WEEK. -
Readings 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 60c
Wonderful, . bewildering ,Is the .work of
Mme. Lynn, whose readings are a revelation;
advice on love, marriage, courtship, business,
mines; also reunites the separated; > gives
secret power to control any one in 21 days.
She tells your full name and what you want
to know. All business strictly confidential.
239 Powell st., near Geary.
', . t Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. . m. ••"
MME. BERNARD, - . THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ■ and . business ". medium, ' reads
your life correctly: gives accurate : descrip-
tion ■of past: reveals • present i happenings;
portrays events to occur in the. future: valu-
! able advice on all affairs in life; satisfaction
guaranteed: 25c up. 17 Third St., nr. Market.
LIVINGSTONE, ~ T ~ ~
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE,
' . . - 20}4 Kearny st.
MISS M. WIL.LE/ 310 Ellis St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly ',
what you called ..for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; $1; hours 10 to 8.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant,- medium: born
with second sight; tells past, present. future:
ladies 50c; gents. by cards, $1; palmistry; and
. clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 303 Jones, nr.Edd>.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.: Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, Cto 8. Phone South 1141..
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
1 correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
. 50c. $1. 533 Golden Gate aye., nr. Van Ness.
MME. KRONENBERO. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; when others fall try me: read-
ings 25c. 102% Sixth St., near Mission.
ARTIMUS LINDO, clairvoyant, psychic healer;
full life reading this week 25c. 17 Third St.,
' near ' Market. *
MISS WARD, 1206 Market st., parlor 31, clalr-
voyant. gives names, dates; take elevator.
1276 California; Mme. Wilson, correct life read-
er and true .adviser; hrs. 1 to Bp. m. ; no sign.
MRS. DR. GORDAN, card-reader and palmist.
132 Sixth st. • '
MME. AUGUST, great clairvoyant, card read-
er and palmist; 25c. 50c. 1149 Mission st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 108 6th St.. rooms 1-2.
SPIRITUALISM.
AUTOMATIC slatewrltlng medium: circles
Hon., Thurs.. at 8; Wed. at 2; readings daily
, 50c, $1; sealed questions answered; If sick
come; RAJAH, the Hindoo, performs healing
miracles dally; no medicines. 147 Ninth st.
A MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S marvelous spirit messages
to-night 10c. 619 McAllister. Come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S Washington birthday seance
to-morrow, 1 p. m.; friends only. 1084 Bush.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seanoe every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st. .
MRS. CRINDLE special materializing seance,
2 o'clock Wednesday, sOc . 328- Ellis st. v -
FRED P. EVANS, the world's most famous
writing psychic. •• Office 1112 Eddy st. '-
PALMISTRY.
MME. SOLO, wonderful palmist, card reader;
when ethers fall see her. 313 Ellis st. •
CAEPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
" phones Main. 152 and Bush 479. :
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 335-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works." ISO 9 Har-
,- rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAOE-
DORN & CO. ; phone Mission 225.
TEL. Sutter 1981. Star Renovating Co., 530 G.
G. aye.; carpet clean., fit, lay.; upholstering.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth First-class
•• carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission .74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 390. GEO..WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. tel.Mlss.lon 263.
> 4 COLLECTION OFFICES. r^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or • country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS. v
DR. F. H. CAMP uses the Basford Obtunder.
the only device by means of which sensitive
teeth - may •be drilled or ground absolutely
without pain. For a demonstration call at
rooms 617-18 Callaghan bldg.. corner Market
and McAllister sts. ; phone Howard 3563.
A NEW — The Whalebone — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th—
No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; t«eth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush.
Set teeth, $1 50 up;crowns.s2 up: fillings, 25c.
FILLINGS 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. . NEW
C YORK DENTISTS, 069 Mission. SE cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c : crowns. , $2: no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hcwitt.lOl 1 ; Grant ay.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School—
,_ Patterns cut to measure; eve. .class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion. - sunburst ' and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
-;;i EDUCATIONAL. V
A— THE LYCEUM, an , accredited preparatory 1
school for university, law and medical col- |
lege ; ref s. ; ' Professor Jordan Jor any : Stanford 1
professor; s day. cveng. sessions. Phelan bldg. i
E. R. AYRES, : founder of Ayres Business Col-
- lege, has returned; bookkeeping,' penmanship,
• shorthand, typing: $5. month; life scholarship
 $50; ■ positions secured ; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
.Institution "devoted ; exclusively ,.- to dramatic
, learning : in.- America; positions guaranteed.
. Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of ; Mines and Engineering. 24
." Post St., S. F. : civil, mining,-electrical, ; steam
■■] and gas engineering. T. Send ; for prospectus. ■_
A SUCCESSFUL^ coIIege, new, large i rooms;
.; i perfect ■ light ; ; all . graduates are • getting i posl- •
v .' tions. ' S. :F. . Business College,': 738 Mission st. !
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec.mln., mech.'. sur-
v ey. assay, t cyanide: day. eve: ; est. 1884. Van
. der Naillen School, 113 Fulton; nr. City: Hall.
BOOKKEEPING.' Eng.. ' Math., ■ etc.. day and
V .:' eve. ; " individual ; instr. \ 308 * Larkin st. Prof."
; '■; . T. : A. Robinson, : former pres. Pac: • Bus. ;, Col. ;
HEALD'S I BUSINESS j COLLEGE, j 24 1 Post | st.
- : Established j 1863; largest " in the West; i an-
. , nual enrollment 1000: ■ send ..■; for circulars. "■;"
j IRVING Institute School for Girls. , 2120 Cali-
; -. -■ fornia jt st. ; Easter .."■ term • begins Tuesday,
j., ;■ January 3, 1905. :> ".:;„•. 5 _v
ENGINEERING and draughting: room studies:
Ij/ mathematics; -: evenings •; and  by - mall. 20
j ;.'*; Hartford Jst.'r-. -*:\-:-7>A '-"■■■ ■-■■':' ". ' .si '"':'■■:. .»..'. ■'
A — GALLAGHER - MARSH : BUSINESS • COL-
i ■■:• LEGE, 1382 1 Market ; st. y Send " for catalogue.";
A— METROPOLITAN * Bus. Col., 602, Van Ness
i •* aye. ;• positions secured; R. H. Webster, Prea.
t - EDUCATIONAL —
MME. PRILL'S piano school; pupils practice
at studio. ,760 Golden Gate aye. . '
Arith ,gram..bookFg.shorthand.ss mo. : day.eve. ;
indiv.instruc. Western Bos. Col.. 12*1 Mkt
Thorough French tuition.beginners or advanced;
home or studio. ' Mme. Osborn. 1460 Hyde.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, ■ nr. CM.
SHORTHAND' taught thor'ly by mail and per-
j 5.. nally. "Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgomery.
I SCHOOL OF. ILLUSTRATION- -Day and
' ; PARTINGTON'S 424 Pine Night class.
- EMPLOTMENT OrriCSS. jj
A-ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell I*l . tel. Main 5.5—
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. _ \vm
YOSHY. 413 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 85»-
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5189.
CHINESE' and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 540 Clay
EMPIOY-HENT ffASTBa-^IMALB.
MIDDLE-AGED German widow, good cook,
do small washing in small family, wants po-
sition; city or country; wages moderate; car
fare. ; 794 Folsom st. -
A~ SITUATION wanted by a strong elderly
woman; is a good cook, or light housework:
city or country. 1100 Powell st.; wages $15
to $20.
A— STRONG young woman wants housework;
city or country. 324 Mason; phone Black
23»6. ". . '
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires housework;
small family; city or country- references.
Address box C. Call branch, 800 Hayes.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position In private
family in city or country; references. 944
Flllmore. , '
EXPERIENCED stenographer . and typist de-
sires position with chance of advancement;
j references. Phone Church 1247.'
A SWEDISH girl wishes situation to take care
of child or do second work. Address 2225
Union st. .
A GOOD industrious girl wants general house,
work; good cook; city; references. Phone
South 1162. -
BY neat, respectable ' woman. housekeeper's
position; excellent cook; country preferred.
Domestic Exchange. > 462 Geary. John 3266.
RESPECTABLE ' Irish girl wishes general
housework and cooking; small washing; $25;
city or Oakland. lJox 6843, Call office.
AMERICAN woman wants a position In a
small family as cook; short distance in
country. . Apply 856 Folsom st.
CAPABLE woman wishes position in good
family as housekeeper; competent to take
entire charge; references. Box 7040; Call.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants to do
housework for 2 or 3 adults; small wash;
$15; car fare. Phone Folsom 2987. •
WANTED— By an American lady, position as
working housekeeper. Address HOUSE-
KEEPER, 301 Leavenworth st.
COMPETENT Gorman nurse: confinement
cases a specialty; reasonable. 1865 Mission. 1
COMPETENT middle-aged German woman
wishes i a situation for cooking, general
housework in families; nloe bread maker;
$18 to $20, car fare. Call from 10 till 3
p. m., 506 Fourth st.
AN elderly woman wants position as house-
keeper; good cook. 136 Fifth St., between
Howard - and Mission.
EASTERN woman, age 38, good looking, pleas-
Ing address, wishes position to represent
wholesale house; strictly business; a worker.
Box 7007, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS pianist would like engage-
- ments to play for dancing class or can fur-
nish best of music for dancing parties. Box
6034. Call office. . . -V -? :
DRESSMAKER and talloress wants few more
families;, good work guaranteed. Box 6917,
Call office. . ' ' - ■*.
FRENCH girl would like situation as nurse
for one or two children; can speak both lan-
guages. Box 6874, Call office. .
A BIBLE ■ teacher desires to read the Bible to
invalids for small compensation. Address
A M. H.. 2806 Jackson st.
POSITION as manager of corset department:
acquainted with the fine trade; references.
Box 6086. Call. • ' -
A WOMAN wants work by the day. .washing.
Ironing and house-cleaning. $1 50 and car
fare. Box 6973. Call.. '
POSITION by reliable elderly woman; likes
children; is economical, neat cook and laun-
dress; references; wages $12. Box 6927. Call.
A SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged
woman at housework or ranch cook. Ap-
ply at 11C0 Powell st.
BY 'American single woman, situation; good
plain cook: country preferred. ■ Housekeeper.
1026 Market st. *
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
housecleanlng; $1 5O and car fare. MRS.
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st.
YOUNG lady desires position In doctor's or
dentist's office, in reception-room; some ex-
perience In typewriting. Address. 370 First.
YOUNG ' German ' woman, experienced cook,
wants situation In private family; wages,
$30. Address 144 Day st. »
EXPERIENCED stenographer and office assist-
ant desires poslton- general office work, col-
lecting, etc. Box 6821, Call office.
A LADY going East would take care of chil-
dren or Invalid for her fare. * Box 6755. , Call.
DRESSMAKER wishes work; $1 50 day. 204
"\ Firth st.
YOUNG girl wishes to make herself useful In
nice family; sleep home. Phone John 3266.
A LADY wants work by the day. 174 Fourth
-■ street. ■ '.- ' \-j ''.%'?•
' RELIABLE woman wants work by the month.
362 Shotwell st. " ■'-",
.STRONG German woman wants work by the
day, washing and Ironing. - 974 Folsom st.
GERMAN lady wants position as housekeeper.
Box 6964. Call..
A YOUNG woman wants a position as child's
nurse; country preferred. Box 6983. Call. -
CASTILJAN -lady, cook: French. Spanish and
American cooking. 603 Stockton st.
NEAT girl wishes light housework; wages $20.
Call 362 Jessie st.
A GOOD woman wishes house and window
cleaning. ' 1351 A Webster st. .
GIRL.' 15 years wishes situation -to care for
:,: child. Call or address M. G.. 1124 Pine st.
JAPANESE ' woman wants a position to do
Rood cooking and housework. MASAKI, 60S
Post st. . .: . / •
JAPANESE girl wants place- good plain cook
and housework. KENO. t 559 Stevenson.
EMFXtOTMEirr WAXTZB — MALE ,
NOTICE.
WANTED. WANTED.
POSITION BY
A first-class foreman or .' superintendent, ca-
pable to ; take charge 'of large , country resi-
dence and ranch, or any other position of
trust: 10 years last place in California; first-
class references; as - foreman of a country
residence, ranch, orchard, \ lawn. etc: thor-
oughly •■•• understands - gardening in . all '
v branches, including ; fruit ... and ornamental
trees," and general supervision of all , depart -
• ments of a multi-millionaire's residence;, un-
* derstands j machinery thoroughly. . For full
particulars f apply to V -
: i MURRAY & READY. . 634-636 Clay st.
GERMAN, 41. miller, by trade, wishes work In
'•■- flourmill : or as generally useful; • experienced
■ stone dresser, • good carpenter; honest, sober.
v' obliging; can 'give bond and -best references;
will take any position of trust; day or night
. work. -E.N.,;0t:2: Post st.; city.
A GERMAN.' middle-aged and single, wishes a'
situation -as clerk in grocery store and bar- ;
room; good references, y W. , BOHUNG, 417 1
. . K.^rny st. : ; ; . .
1
YOUNG iriari. age years, wants job as press' •
feeder: experience 2 years: if not that some- ;
thins else, a JOE ! SEVINA. 1217 Kearny st.
VALET or . butler— A Japanese wishes a posi- '
tion; references. YAFUNE, 810 Stockton
St.; tel. Main 5513. ,'>tSSiBsflß*S£
YOUNG •' gentleman.% experienced cook, . would
likf i situation . in : private family; wages $:;i>
Address; 144 Hayes. ; .
BARBER— First-class,' 4 wants steady Job. MAR.
'-/ ■OCX, 513 A : Larkin st.*S^££KS£g£g£&[
A MIDDLE-AGED ■ man, 1 with experience, ' de-
■ sires ; situation i as watchman; ■ can give bond
if required; ' sober and reliable. Address box
.T6S9O,. T 6S90, Call. :-:{■: }.-.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MaIe— Con.
BAKER — First-class man on bread and cake*
want* a situation in country. Box 7039.
Call office. ■
M UN and wife want places on ranch or pri-
vate place; good all around man: under-
"stands care of horses, bandy with tools:
woman good, neat, plain cook. L. XHOMP-
SON. 35 Fifth Bt.
MAN of IS years" experience in commercial
and legal lines seeks engagement a<t secre-
tary, and accountant or private secretaryship;
highest references as. to character -and abil-
lty. Box 6744. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener (single), thoroughly
competent in alt branches, with- California -
experience iii references wish- situation
on private place. Box «Msl. Call office.
, PAINTER wants position tinting, whitening
and papering; low price: first-class WO! all
materials furnished: drop card. Painter. 611
Chestnut st.
A YOUNG man, married, wishes a steady po-
sition In a wholesale bous» or wnw other
, kind of steady work; good references; know
city well. 487 Bush St., or box 6929. Call.
' MAN from the East, age 27. wishes situation
1 as die sinker and engraver for jeweler's
work; 12 years* experience. C. RASMUS-
SEN. 58 South Park.
GARDENER, experienced, handy about plac*.
first-class references, wishes situation. Ad-
dress H. GARDENER. 737 Howard st. ■
DENTIST, technical, speaks German and Eng-
lish, desires position where he can work
himself up; small salary. 80x«6337. Call.
AN experienced man desires a position In real
estate and rental office. Address box 6878,
Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED American wants postt(oa
I as coachman: understands milking and gar-
dening. Box 6956. Call office. ,
PLANING mill machine hand, sober and care-
ful, with city, references, wants employment;
city or country. Box 6853. Call office.
PRINTER— Good, rapid Job- compositor; »x-
perienced on locking up, wishes position.
Box 6974, Call office.
! SOBER, steady man wants work as stab!*- .
man or teamster; city or country reference*.
Box 7088. Call.
YOUNG man, IS years, wishes clerical posi-
tion ; is competent and can furnish refer-
ences. Box 7COC. Call.
MAN with seven years" dairy experience wishes
work in San Francisco or vicinity; handles
machinery. Box 680©. Call office. :
A YOUNG, sober, steady man wants position
as coachman; best of references. Box 683 C
Call office. ,
A STRONG, willing boy of 17 Would like to
learn plUmbing trade. Address 4029 26th it.
A POSITION ■as cook In nice family. Boa
6700. Call offlce.
BOY living with parents, bandy with tools,
wishes to learn trade. ' 1311 Larktn st.
YOUNG man wants any kind of night work;
wages no object. Box 6862, Call office.
VERY good bricklayer wants work by day.
>, week or contract. Call at 1219 Market st.
A YOUXO Japanese wants a situation as wait-
er an ddo housework or plain cooking in fam-
ily; city, country. H. Yamato, 2081 Washgtn.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position to do any
kind work -very afternoon. FRANK. 868
Geary St.; teL Hyde 2084.
A JAPANESE first-class cook wants position
In nice family; has good reference. Cars
Tokyo Co.. I. H., 1613 Polk.; teL Larkin 2700.
JAPANESE good cook wants a situation in
small family;, good reference. K. V., 52*
Hyde st.; phone Hyde 930.
AN experienced Japanese elevator boy wishes *
position in hotel: speaks English. JACK NU-
MAMOTO care Tokoy _ Co.. 1615 Polk at.
JAPANESE young man wants situation as
cook and housework or private family. Bos
1677. Call office, Oakland.
JAPANESE, nice boy wants position as school
boy or housework, speaks well. Y. INOUYK,
744 Post at., city. —
EXPERIENCED Japanese elevator boy wants
a position in any place. Tel. Polk '.7^:l
N. N., 708 Larkin.
A JAPANESE; excellent family cook; wages
$35 up; prefer country. GEORGE* 2318 Cali-
fornia st. —
WAGES no object: to learn machine making:
experienced Japanese desires podtion in city
or country- EDERA. SI3B Valencia st.
JAPANESE wants to do housework or any
kind of work: good experience. A. 8. . 723
Geary st.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook wants position;
private family have good references. ENO-
MOTO, ; 703 Larkin st. ; tel. Polk 3752.
JAPANESE cook; boy and some, housework.
313 Sutter st.; tel. Black 424.
CHINESE first-class competent cook want*
position in private place. WANG. 21 Bren-
hani place.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes a posi-
tion in a private family: $35 to $40; beat of
references. Address GEE. 913 Dupont st.
YOUNG Chinese, flrst-class cook, wishes posi-
tion In hotel or boarding-house. $14 to $13
week. 1110 Stockton st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has)
been opened at 1008 Market it opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ■
Bcmu enram.
$100 FREE ror any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
FINANCIAL.
Realty Syndicate and Continental .it*, certlfa.
bought. Manhattan Loan Co.. Crocker Bldg.
FIATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense Hat:
service absolutely free: take advantage or
thi* department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Fun#ture Co.. 215-39 Geary
St., on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to Ist; every d*.
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists. 4 service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and th* locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
IC3O Market St.. opp. McAllister.
SUNSET— Ninth aye., 200 feet from park en-
trance. 6 minutes* walk from park music
stand, museum and other attractions: • 2 3-
room '$25 upper flats: Noa. 1230. 1230 A;
take blue car. foot of Ellis st. direct.
SUTTER. 2229-2235. near Pierce— Two desir-
able upper flats, 7 rooms and bath each; one)
middle, 7 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
TO let— Three ' sunny, 7-room flats; north side
Market St.. .between Sanchez and Noe; open
fcr inspection from 2 to 3 daily. -
TWO modern Cats. ' 8 rooms, bath; grand ma-
rine view; S. side Green St.; 2041-2043 bet.
Buchanan and .Webster; rent reasonable.
ELEGANT, sunny. just finished. 3. 6. 8 rooms.
- $."0. $32 30. $47 50: cor. Sacramento st. and
First aye; swell neighborhood: open I to 4.
SUNNY corner upper flat. 6 rooms, bath; part-
ly furnished or unfurnished; $20. 3123
Buchanan st. : key downstairs.
FRA NKLJN. 2350. bet Broadway and Vail Jo
— New upper and lower flat; marine viirw.
HAVES. i>62. near St-lner— Elegant modern
flat: every * room sunny, rent reasonable.
MODERN flat. 5 rooms and bath; rent rea-
sonable. 4543 Eighteenth st.
LEA YEN WORTH. 1519^ — Lower flat* ■• 4
rooms. . gas; rent $12.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4032— Sunny flat. 3 rooms.
. bath, gas: $12; no children.
NEW elegant »-room flat, every room flooded
with sunshine. '- 1161 Turk st. ,-
LOWER flat. 7 rooms and bath; rent '$27 3*
i 1588 Fulton st. »^
FTLLMORE. 3322— Tw0 new sunny flats. 3
large rooms and gas; $12 and $13.
ELEGANT sunny upper flat; 10 rooms and
bath. S7B,Eddy st.. near Van Ness aye.
THIRTEENTH— 229. . bet. Howard and Mis-
. slots; t> sunny n..,ms and bath; rent $22 30.
BUSH, less — 9 elegant large sunny rooms; suit-
able for large family or boarding house; $«.
;TO let— sl6; sunny • comer fiat : 4 rooms and
_batn.^Cor.^Seventeenth and Sanchsz st 3 .'
$22 50— ELEGANT mcdeVn~CaT.s"^oms^ gar- "
. den. ; 2721 Pine st.. near Bevlsadero.
MISSION. 3007^. near 2tth— o rooms and bath
♦- 1 month.* McKAY.&'CO..- 2053 Mission til
NEARLY new sunny upper -flat.. 4, room* and
bath. 336 Tehama st.THAN ANY OTHER fIEDIUH a&vAs W g IN SAN TPANCISCO
"FI.ATS TO LET — Contlnned,
< t^r. 94 Ji^f Pi «rce— Upper sunny flat of 8
roonaa and bath; modem.
il re^ C «i 5232 ' DC * r HadtEht — 6-«*>m flat; bath;
OCTAVTA. 405, corner Fell— Flat of 5 nice
rooms, bath, yard and basement.
A VERY. 6, off Geary, nr. Fillmore— Sunny flat
01 4 rooms: partly furnished; adults; $20.
A P^lclnl'lv* 11 * 1 ' * rooms Urge garden. 2405
I "^ ( TT I i? T *T nst of UMa and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
I»A.TS TO LEV — PTTHJTXSKED.
HAMPTON pL, 7, off Folsom. near 3d— Bay
__window flat; 3 rooms; complete for bousekpg.
PXATS FOB SALE — FTJMTIEHCBI*.
$160—6 NICELY furnished rooms, bath and
storeroom; rent $24; sun in every room. Pa-
clflc Business Association. 1148 Market st. i
A SNAP — Nicely furnished 7-ruom fiat for
aale. cheap, csJl between 3:30 and 5:3 a 886
Ellis st.
A NICELY furnished T-room flat; prloe rsa-
sonable- 83 City Hall aye.
*"wJHVwJSiB WASTED.
"WET-LI, OBIT YOUR BUSINESS-—W e pay
Use most money for fumtiure. carpets, office
fittings, •merchandise an<l nouses. MARK J
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1521 Market St.. be-
tween th and 10th. Phone South 179.
• ABE LEVY,
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 7«L
Don t sell your furniture, carpets, o£floa fur-
nitura, etc. •until you get bis estimate.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prloes for fur-
nlture, carpets, etc, 782 Mission; teL Bush BU.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St., be-
fore Bailing roor furniture. Phone Red 4462.
nrurmru fob SAT. ft.
A coach $2. b»dlouni?e $2 80; furniture bought.
<* Id. exchanged. Anderson' s.lflTnrk;telSouth 898
FOR sale — rooms' furniture; almost new;
no dealers. 231 Ash aye.. off Van Ness.
HELP WASTED— FEMAIrE.
V GERMAN cooks. $35. $40, $45.
Cock, delicatessen, no room, $30.
Assistant In kitchen, sanltorium, $30.
4 second rir!s. $25, $30.
Cook. San Mateo, $30.
Chambermaid, city hotel, $20.
Waitress. Monterey, $25.
Nurse for 2 children, go to Europe, $35.
Housework. 2 ladies, J25.
Nurse for grown child. $25.
Cook, private boarding-bouse, $85.
Chambermaid, wait one meal. $20.
Man and wife, country hotel. $76.
And a large number of housework gtrtt
city and country; $15 to $30; see ladies tn
our olfice.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT A- CO., 534 Butter.
AT C. R. HANPEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 186.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 more saßressßSSj Fresno, fare paid .. $25
1 more waitress, Los Angeles, fare paid. s2s
Waitress, arm work, short dirt.. s3o, r board
Woman, wash fancy dishes, short hours. s2o
Waitresses, city, country $25-$oO
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Houeegirl, plain place, $20; Housegtrl, ho
was=h, country, fare paid, $15; Housegirl,
Gfrmaa or Swedish. Oakland, $30; cooks,
housegirlE. B^cond girls." nursegirls, others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A— DOMESTIC Exchange— Private and Select.
462 Geary s*t- Phone John 3266.
Noat, bright second girl; good wages.
PirFt-class German cook at once. $40 to $45.
Oirl, suiFist housework. Sleep home, $16.
I lung woman, care of invalid, hotel. $25.
<"sirl, g-en. housework, no -wash, S adults, $30.
Nur**-girl. good home. $15 to $20.
Msr.y g-ood positions on file. MRS. T. B. CO-
REY. MRS. C. V. CHRISTEN SEN.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU
Conducted on strictly business principles.
Positions secured for- stenographers, type-
writers, correspondent*, bookkpepers, reception
ladies for doctors, dentists, etr. ; demonstra-
trirs; ladles capable of taking full charge- of
Ft ook; milliners, trimmers, foreladies. buyers,
cashiers. Room 801. Starr King building. 121
fieary et. .__.». . —
A— O»K. $30; 3 second girls. $25 each; house-
girl, $35. 2 in family; 3 housegirls, $30 each;
1« houseplrls, $2S and $20; a woman for
•ninlnt? town to cock for 4 men. $2.">, nurse-
Firl. $20; chambermaid, $25. MRS. NORTON.
SCS Miison st.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery trade for
spring : 2 season* from tart to finish in on*
mo. tor $7 50; positions guaranteed at $15
per wk up; S po-fltionF waiting to be filled at
once; day and eve. daes. School 143 Stock-
ton st.. "room 13.
A — LEARN at Pacific Hairdresslng School;
whole trade, rasping, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.; position* waiting. $10 a week up;
day and evening classes. 133 Powell 6t.
GIRLS to learn halrdrpssln*?, -nanVurinc.
massage, etc. ; from AtoZ in wks. ; tuition
$5 to those entering now; 5 positions to fill
immediately; guaranteed $12 wk. up; day
and eve. class. College 233 Geary St., rm. 13.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEV! STRAUSS ft CO., 32
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IV OAKLAND, COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
SARY: STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEV! STRAUSS & CO.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS. OVERALLS AND
ENGINEER JACKETS. STANDARD FAC-
TORY. COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
OPERATOR? OX TWO NEEDLE MACHINES.
STANDARD FACTORY. COR. GOUGH AND
GROVB BTa
GIRLS ABOUT 18 YEARS OF AGE TO TRIM
AND FINISH SKIRTS; HAND WORK.
STANDARD FACTORY COR. GOUGH AND
GROVE STS.
REQUIRED A companion for a young lady
to Epend . or 3 hours 3 days a week In Ger-
man conversation; must be perfct linguist;
apply by letter only. Room 454, Palace Ho-
teL
HAIRDRESSINO, manicuring, massage taught.
MOLER COLLEGE. 649 Sacramento at.; all
work free 1 to 4; call or write.
LADIES' millinery in 1 mo. for $5: -positions
guaranteed; eve, school only. 233 Geary, r.15.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework.
Apply 89 Webster rt.. near Waller.
\F,aT gir: for general housework and cook-
ing; references. 21 00 Mission Ft.
A YOUNG lady for reneral housework and as-
sist with child. 1422 Devrsadero st. I
GmL for general housework. $20; nursegiri,
$10 to $12. Apply 233 Third aye.. Richmond
District. .
WORKING housekeeper, bet. 18 and 30; 8 rms. ;
»->•"'<! home: small wages. Box fl»8». Call.
rx P ERIE"NCEI> operator on ladles' under-
wear. 1187 Folsom et. j
WANTED A' _-r! for general housework;
Norwegian preferred. Apply at 1810 Butter.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted. Oail DA-
VIS. 2586 Mission st.
—ED — A rood, capable girl tor general
housework. 1480 Masonic aye
1 STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 7044, CalL '
WANTED — Makers and trimmers: steady po-
sition. North Beach Wonder Millinery Co..
1411 Stockton at. -
WANTED— A •Ctrl .In bakery^ 1045 Valen-
'st - • ■ -■ •
TAILORESS <M coat flnlgblw. B. OHLSON,
1227 Park st.. Alameda.
MIDDLE-AGED woman who has had experi-
ence In selling. Address box 6575. Call.
WANTED — Ladies to learn the barber ■ trade|
$1C to $1« weekly. MOLER. 644 Clay st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
t*«n opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite*
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ■
BARKERS — Employment said SnppUem.
ATTENTION — Men to learn barber trade at
a special rate this month; 8 weeks completes;
wages earned while learning: position guar-
anteed; the only college In San Francisco
with expert instructors. Call or write Gill-
man's Barber College, 627 Clay st., near
Montgomery.
BARBER shop; near by prominent town; -fine
furniture; 3 chairs can be bought on easy
terms; only $250. down, balance on easy pay-
ments; lull particulars at STOLTZS, 723
Market St.
FOR sale Cheap; large, airy 2-chair barber
shop and sunny living rooms; everything
first class; receipts from $40 up; owner leav-
ing the State. Deckelman Bros., 106 Ellis.
BARBERS, take notice— Wednesday. Feb. 22,
being a legal holiday, all shops close at 12
o'clock m. J. R. BLIELY, Secretary Local
148. J. B. L U. of A. ,
WANTED — Three men to learn barber trade
absolutely free and will pay yon while learn,
Ing. . 751 Mission at.
COMPLETE fixtures of first-class barbers-shop;
live chairs, etc; whole or part; at sacrifice.
Box 6988. Call office.
BARBERS — A neat 2-chair shop for sale; good
location: rent $12; on aooount of other busi-
ness. 3250 Mission st.
BARBER shop; two chairs- good location- $80]
rent $18. 257 Third st
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop (Or sale: flrcV
olass furniture; at sacriflos prloe. 1055 Mkt.
BARBER shop for sale- transport dock. 6
and 8 Fblaom st •
BARBER wanted tor evenings. 661 Castro
street.
BARBERS, attention — Will be to Interest of
R. J. WABHBM to call and see me. ROSTE.
FOR sals— Barber shop; price $250* furniture
worth prloe. 695 nills at.
2-CHAXR barber shop for sale at a Baorlfloal
owner leaving city. 1547 Mission st
BARBER shop for sale on aooount of slckneas.
127 Clay st.
BARBER-SHOP for sale, at your own prloe.
729 Mission at. ' <
HELP WAjrTED-MALB.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 6848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We rave in 1904 1906 we hope to
64,000 men work. Increase 64.000
BUTCHER.
Married butcher, country shop, $40 and house,
fuel, eggs and butter free; slaughter work.
Blacksmith's helper, ebop near city.
Tinsmith, country job, $2 day.
FARMS.
Milkers, Monterey and Colusa Co., $30 fd.
Ranch hands. teamsters, choremen and
choreboys, milkers, butter makers and
dairymen.
HOTELS.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, kitchen hands,
bell and elevator boys, porters, housemen;
cook city hotel, $40 and found.
MINK FOREMAN.
Underground foreman, gold mine, see hose
here, good wages.
GOLD MINES.
MINERS— SEE BOSS HERE.
MINES.
2 machine miners for a gold mine; $00; see
boss lie re.
5 hand miners, good mine. $3 day, 8 hours.
SPECIAL— CONCRETE WORK.
Concrete finisher, country. $4 day.
Teamster, concrete work, $2 60 day; see boss
here on tnls Job. \^
SPECIAL FOR NEVADA.
10 laborers, concrete work. Government work.
for Nevada, $2 ."><> day
2 car repairers, $:-t day, Fee boss here.
TIEMAKERS.
10 tiemakers. redwood, good ground and tim-
ber, year round. 10c to 12c each.
SPECIALS.
Cook, city boarding house. $40**fd.
Shipping clerk, city, $10 week to commence.
Porter, hotel, country $25 found.
Man to work in coal yard, $2 25 day.
MARRIED.
Married laborer for mine, south, $40 found.
Milker. Monterey County, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st — Man to do
general work about private place, tend
horses, milk cows etc.. $30 and found; as-
sistant gardener, $40, no board; French boy,
private place. $25; assistant shorter, hotel,
I . »*K>;- *te"rrwash<-T, ■ hr-tel. «2.V bedmaiier. hotel,
$15 and found; waiter, near city, $25; as-
sistant waiter, $25; dairyman and wife,
$50, etc.
POSITIONS supplied; qualified men as book-
keepers, accountants, stenographers, collect-
ors, cashiers, traveling salesmen on salary,
traveling salesmen on commission, clerks, of-
fices, ta.ore£; technical men, mining and
trades, specialty men; can be of no service to
men without experience and credentials.
UNITED OPPORTUNITIES COMPANY,
suite 65. Chronicle building; tel James 2621.
WINDOW dresser and. card writer, $25
week ;. Scandinavian coachman, $35 to $40
and found; man about place, $30 and found:
cook and wife, waitress, $75 and found; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento Ft.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
C 42 Commercial st. Phone But h 833.
Tunnel foreman, new tunnel, ccc boss here;
10 coal miner*. Oregon, free fare; German
second cook, country hotel.
WANTED — An experienced patent-right man
to sell territory rights on commission for
article particularly adapted to Pacific Coast:
Is practical and In - demand; will divide
profits with right man. Box 7041, Call.
WANTED — Men who would like to iip* their
evenings profitably to equip themselves for
a good paying business; permanent positions
asß-ared to capable men of good character
with Al references. Box 7062. Call office.
WANTED — men of good character
who are able to earn $3000 a year; no capi-
tal required to build up a paying business;
work in city and suburbs; must have good
references. Box 7048, Call office.
STRONG, willing young man of about 20 to
make icecream and do general work in candy
• 6tore at 1655 EUslght st.; $6 week. Apply
Wednesday.
MIDDLE-AGED man to assist housework;
small wages and board and lodgings; small
family. 510 Devisadero st.
ERRAND boy for the up-to-date printing shop.
Edward Knowles Co.. 24 Second st.
ERRAND boy wanted. Apply MARKS BROS..
1220 Market st :
GOOD young barber to work extra, 2092
Mission st. • '
SALESMEN wanted — Agents, dealers, store-
keepers, start in business for yourself on our
capital. We make men's fine clothing to
measure. You can sell our perfect titling,
highest class tailoring at good profit for as
little money others retail ready-made goods.
You can control entire local trade with our
Una Spring line, 400 up to date styles of
woolens, fashion displays, etc.. now ready
and furnished free. A great opportunity.
Write to-day for full particulars and exclu-
sive t-*rrttory; experience not absolutely neces-
sary. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept. A,
Washington blvd. and Union St., Chicago.
ACTIVE educated men of business ability to
sell New International Encyclopedia on com-
mission; people are Interested, and a man
who understands the business or Is willing to
leirn can make big money. DODD, MEAD
6 CO , 601 Parrott bldg.. S. F.
HAVE you $1 capital? We will start you; no
canvassing. Come and be convinced, from 1
to 6 p. m. TAYLOR & HOWARD. 420 Pa-
clflc at. ' _^__ I
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; 8 weeks
complete: position guaranteed; tuition earned 1
while learnlnff. ' Call or write MOLER COL-
LEGE. 649 Sacramento st. ■-* ■■ ■
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; con-
stant practice; expert Instruction; situations
secured. Call or write MOLER'S BARBER
. COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.
WANTED — and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973- |
75 Eaeton aye., Bt. Louis, Mo. . •
"WANTED Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute, Grant Bldg., 1095 Market: open evngs.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House, '
217 Third et.: 250 rooms; 250 to 50c per. night. 1
GREEN hands, .blacksmiths, carpenters, for
steam whalers, north for summer, at HER-
MAN" B. 26 Bteuart st. " .
WANTED writer for an out-of-town
storo; must be experienced;' Address' box
6860. Call.
WANTED men's half *oIe B sewed, 50c:
best leather. ORPHEUM SHOE REPAIRING
C. 260 O'Farrell st. ______■
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 80
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam.- bid.; open till 9 pm
•WANTED— Men to fill . 300 rooms at 20c per
I night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. Bd.
(SET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third Bt.. Examiner building. - .- 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1905.
HELP WANTED- MA Contlnned.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
Conducted on strictly business principles.
Positions secured for
Office men. ■ Bookkeepers.
Stenographers. • Collectors.
Traveling salesmen. Accountants.
Office managers. '• Railroad clerics.
Shipping clerks. Bill clerks.
Law office clerks. Hotel clerks.
General office men in all lines business.
302 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary at.
WANTED — Male or female cook for small
boarding-house. 701 Battery st.
COATMAKER for country. RJESISS BROS. A
CO.. 24 Butter st.
PENSION atty., B. A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — rooms; 350 night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANTED Young man to work for his tuition
in S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard St.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law A Adjustmetnt Co.. 49 2d St., r. 822.
SAILORS and young men . (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
MSN to learn the detective business paid
while learning. 997 Market St., room 104.
MEN wanted at 187 Sd St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery ; sewed soles 10 mm., Too.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received ai
Call branch office, oor. Dunoan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reoep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. . .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 671 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d ats.'
BOSSES ASS WAGONS.
FINE bargains In IB saw and old business
buggies. 18 good delivery wagons of all
kinds, 8 rubber tire runabouts, 9 new and 8 |
second-handed surreys, 1 farm wagon, 8
camping wagons, carts, 1 pony and pony sur- j
rey; harness, $7 up. Klelbei's, 1503 Folsom. .
RETIRING from business; they have raised
our rent; harness, saddles, robes, blankets,
whips, buggies, wagons; everything at cost;
now is your time. San Francisco .Saddlery
Co., entrance 517 Market st.
FOR sale — A fine bay colt stallion, 2 years old;
height, 16 hands; weight, between 1500 and
1600 pounds. For further particulars ad-
dress J. X.. box 6757. Call, of flee.
FOR — Handsome driving horse, broke
single or double; will sell cheap. NOLAN'S
stable. 1611 California st.
FOR — Fine traveling horse. 6 years old;
also buggy and harness; at a sacrifice. Box
6800, Call office.
A LARGE assortment of horses, wagons and
harness. Auction sale every Tuesday at 11
a. m. at 1140 Folsom st.
THE quarterly bulletin of 8. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. B. J. CREELY.Ptps.. 510 Golden Gate.
CARLOAD gentle business, buggy and livery
horses. E. STEWART & CO.. 220 Valencia.
NEW and 2d-hand wagons sold cheap. 16S0
Mission St., near Thirteenth.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HOUSED TO LET.
$22 50 — MODERN house, 6 rooms; bath; near
Cliff House; grand marine view; 2 car lines.
410 45th aye. ■ ■ -
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let ; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
2502 CLAY et. . near FiUmore. 7 rooms, bath
and piano. Open 11 untfl 4. Sunny side.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— rent with view buying same,"
in a good neighborhood by responsible mar-
ried couple, cottage, 4 or 5, rooms with bath;
rtate full particulars and price. Box 7028,
Call office. - ' ' ■
HEMOBSHOIDINE.
PI Thousands radically .. cured, by this
method without knife or hindrance to busi-
BesS); you can be cured; no salve proposi-
j tion; investigate. THUS. J. KISNER, M.
P.. Columbian bldg.. 916 Market st., city.
JIU-JITSU SCHOOL.
LEARN Jlu-Jltsu: instruction $5 per month.
Nippon School of Jiu-Jltsu; Majestic bldg.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A pasebook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of Sim Francisco in the
name of MRS. HANORA BOW, No. 162-893.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A foxterrier; solid white body, black
markings on head; Alameda dog license on
collar. Return to 1737 Alameda aye., Ala-
meda: reward.
LOST — Chamois bag, containing 8 diamond
rings and sunburnt pin; liberal reward. Re-
turn to 877 Eddy st.
LOST — Watch; monogram L. G. on ribbon;
Knight* Templar fob; very liberal reward.
" L U. GRANT, 100 Tn— ln st.
LOST — Brown and white pointer, named Sport;
sore front foot; reward. IS7 ! Stevenson st.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of FRANCIS J. MILLER: No. 192-
1041. The finder will please return to bank.
— Feb. 18. pearl crescent pin, marguerite
spray, diam'd center; reward. 615 Bay st.
— Union seaman's pocket book with dlß-
charges. Please leave at Call office; reward.'
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LAUNCHES FOB HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
MANUFACTURERS' AGENT.
COMMISSION and manufacturers' agent.
Goldfield. Tonopah and all Southern Nevada
points, wants lines; located permanently at
Goldfleld. Address box 7046. Call office, for
■ personal Interview.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order — Renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
■• MEPICAI.
LADIES who are In trouble or Buffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
• Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has put.
him at the head. He guarantees relief or no
pay. - __.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE-
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou-
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten-
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re-
sults or no charge; sanatorium if. desired ; ad-
vice free; call or write. Hours, 9-9. Est. 14
yrs. DR. R. H. WE3TON, office 305 Kearny.
X— DR. E. G. WEST, the old reliable specialist
for women; hrs. 1-4. 305 Kearny st., room 1. ;
DR. G.W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble . consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu- j
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
1 every case taken: Immediate relief; no poi-
I Boning drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
1 all cases of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. * Advloe free. Office,
101S Market »C . :j . . ... -
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
' male troubles and irregularities; instant re- j
lief guaranteed. 1008"^ Market st. opp. sth. i
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female i
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years experience. 944 Post st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.'
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. . Pasteur's syr-
" inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price.. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
* wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
.Oakland., . .-:■.- * '_r
LADIES suffering from Irregularities J consult
reliable specialist: - graduate. .; 19 years' : ex-
perience; relief guaranteed from any cause;
strictly private. Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny.
MRS ' DR. GWYER, - 611 A Leavenworth St.; ■ be-
. tween Geary and O'Farrell. - Tel. East , 697.
MRS. DR. ALLEN,' ladies' • specialist, removed
from 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, nr. 4th.
DR. ROSEN, ■ residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
Twenty-sixth ; ladies, relief or no ; fee; $10.
, M O If E Y T O LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building;.
Quick Battlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate second mortgages, undivided , Inter-
ests, assignments of rents,, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased. ..
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN ■'.
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate. ' .
In oity, town or country.
Low rate of Interest. *
Give full particulars 1*
of property. ;
Location, etc. ' ."•O
Box 223, Call office. ■ .'
SALARY LOANS— ~ ' . ■ j^~^< :
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employers*
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott blag.
HIGHLY respectable private place to - obtain
liberal 'advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market; tel. Main; 1644. i .Branch, 1102
Market and 27 Third st^ , :: •■-..-■:
A— ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publlolty; also on real estate;
, Ist or 2d mortgages oron any seourity; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 86 Qeary, room 8&
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 658 Parrott bldg.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. 107 Crocker Bldg. ;
loans at a lower rate of interest on any se-
curity advertised In this column.
SALARIED people, without security; also 00
(urn , estates In probate, life in*, policies, etc
Empire Loan & Invest Co., 613 Parrott bid.
1 PER cant on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $20 up; qulok,
private, confidential, 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
I MONEY to loan at 2 per cent a month; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
PRIVATE Money loaned on salaries . without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; •no
com. *,' cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,623 Parrott bid. 1
ON notes, salaries, etc. United Loan & Trust
.Co.. 21 Stockton st.. second- floor.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bid.
2 PER cent per month on valuables. Port-
land Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st. ■
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California St., rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY, 125-127 Phelaivbldg. Private.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811. Mutual Bar. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per oent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 638 Kearny.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TRBMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner hldg.
MONET wanted.
WANTED — $500; first mortgage city property.
Apply KOEHLER'S. 634»4 California st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright for practice $55
1 Smith upright, a little better $75
1 Steinway, good order $110
Also Chickering. Vose. Sterling, Curtaz,
Weber, Mason & Hamlln, Martin. Mendels-
sohn, from $145 up; easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell st.
ARRIVE early for first selections and bargains
in the Steger, Singer and Reed piano line: 25
per cent discount on this shipment in order to
popularize them. HEINE PIANO COM-
PANY, 235-237 Geary St., 1252 Broadway,
Oakland.
BEST inducement*: best selection of stock.
Over 10 years' experience renting pianos.
Good uprights, $2 and $2 50 per month.
One year rental allowed.
The best Instruments in the city for $.'! month.
SCOTT -CURTAZ, 560 Hayes st.
A MAHOGANY finish, large Steinway upright,
cost $750; great reduction; >caab ok easy pay-
ments. 237 Geary at. .
A SMALL Steinway upright; cost $500; $186
takes it. 237 Geary st. .
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and fur-
niture. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square, $20. HORN UNO. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights.new A 2d-hand.s4s to $500.
r Pierces Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian plan"
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post Bt.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMIT£ & CO., 16 McAllister at.
3- PEDAL Steinway up: Chickering baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SAI.E.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; nee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale! — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments: we rent tables
■with privilege of buying: modern bar \ fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRI'NSYVICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER, 652 Mission st
LEAVENWORTH, 140». nr. Washington— For
sale, fine doors, sashes, casings, laths, splen-
did heater, mantels, flooring, roofing, tile,
firewood. '■■ ■ * '
COMPLETE set of tinners' tools, elegant bath
tubs, sinks, patent closets, faucets, etc., at
one-half price, from estate of Freeman &
Wrln (deceased). 213 -4th st. ' f
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress,
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at . $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., " Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
_ _____ .-
500,000
Second-hand brick at Bishop Building,
Market St., near 3d.
FRESH young Holsteln- Jersey cow; large
milker; rich milk; gentle; cheap. 1694 San
Bruno aye. - ■ '
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH _-. WOLPMAN, , 195-197 Fremont st.
YACHT for sale; 41 feet. Apply 3017 Six-
teenth Pt.
2D-HAND building material, cheap; tel. Capp
3905. J. B. FRENCH, NE. cor. 15th- Valencia.
Fd^B~sale — Stock baby grand piano. Box
* IGB9. Call office. Oakland. . -: - '
SAFES and desks at ! nearly coet; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second-
hand. 51. FREEMAN, 1325 Market fit.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar-
gain at Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st.
'2D-HAND bldg. material ; lumber, door. Bash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market. !
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st
SAFES — 1 and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. ;
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches; 1
all sizes. J. E. POAK. 46 Fremonf st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting,' painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 Third; tel. Main 413
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ' \ -••-; ■•.'.-■ j
: ! MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. .
Highest prices paid for ladies' and gents' cast-
off clothing. Tllton. 154 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
! PAYS special . price cast-off fancy ladles' dress-
j es. gents', clothes. 922 Folsom ; tel. Jessie 446.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought - for
cash. KARL EBER&' CO.. s rooms 400-401,
Adams bid.. 206 Kearny; phone Black 3086.
MINES AND : MINING. .
U -I' ,GOLD^Trv. M GOLID 71
A MOUNTAIN OF. IT M : !
See $2000 nugget ■ exhibit . In ■ window of Dillon
A Co., 636 Market street, each week day from
.10 to ■6. Come quick ;if you ; expect • any of
these shares. Only a few to be sold. - '
For full' particulars ■ - -■■ :■•■
BEE CHALMERS CO.. PI THIRD ST. j
WANTED— In Ralston Gold- Mining
Company; U state ' amount . and prloe. Box
:- '.-. 7042. : Call office. .- ■ «■■■::.>■■: ■■.-.■■■'■•- r-
MACHINERY" ; WAITED. :. ,"
WANTED— Second-hand i 12-inch | boss I planer;
."■ also- combined « cross and rip : saw. Address
>! GENT. , : Fourth and Clay Bts., Oakland. :. • 1
" " '■' ' ' '" -V ■-■.-'' '
OFFICES AMP STORES TO LET.
STORE; suitable for any kind of business;
bay window; good location. 1348 Valencia.
TWO or three furnished or unfurnished offices.
814 Butter st.
■ _ ■_. _ '.■:y, £ o^^g^ w^ ii _ nj _ rij^ j ,^
■•R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O' -S
"N-_-W" O-F-F-I-C-E-S are superior . and
commodious. R-E-M-O-V-A-L rendered nec-
essary by the MULTITUDES flocking to him
for his MARVELOUS (drugleee) Humanized
••r-A-D-I-U-M" treatment. WONDERFUL
results continually, with all kinds of supposed
"I-N-C-U-R-A-B-L-E" diseases; come and
WI-T-N-E-S-S them and * be "CON-
VINCED." for SEEING la BELIEVING .
The W-O-R-S-T cases preferred. Stacks of
TESTIMONIALS and REFERENCES. None
need DESPAIR. "Free" consultation 2 to
6p. m. Note THE NEW ADDRESS:— IOI hk
; GRANT AYE., (corner GEARY.)
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth,- stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers* ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1.338 P01k.
INFORMATION wanted of CHARLES GIT-
TUS or family late of New Zealand. K. S.
of Auckland wishes their address. - :
PROFESSIONAL nurse; massage a specialty;
10 years' experience. 317% O'Farrell st.|
phone Howard 2703. |
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor, 721 Market st. ' -
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
! SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
MRS. C. C JEFFRIES. 1283 Polk, room 10.
STEAM and hot baths: best In city. Vendome,
1104 Market, suite 16: best attention given.
BFARROW Jewelry Co. has moved to 18 Mo-
Alllster St.; old gold bought.
BELLB-OTJPRY Is not a lady.
ALFREDUM"S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1, at all druggists'.
i CATARRH, all kinds, cured; free until Improv-
I cd. Call or write DR. WILLIAMS. 140 Geary.
MENDING BUREAU— Polk st. Cloth-
■ ing neatly mended. ■
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suit*
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suits $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
PHYSICIANS AND BTTOGEONS.
DR C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.,
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcul-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured;, new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 9 Powell st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenwnnh.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at.
.. PATENTB. ■
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law.6 Hobart b1dg.,532 Market et.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Main 31.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Drumm st ;
phone Main 81; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
, - Main office Eddy, and. Fillmore; tel. -West 823
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et.: tel Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, ' rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co.. 508 Market.
Z.EGAX. NOTICES. I
NOTICE Is hereby given that 1 intend to ap-
ply to the State Board of Prison Directors to
be paroled from the State prison Of San
Quentln, according to law.
P. W. McGLADE.
February 9. 1905.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY Sale.
CHOICE ORCHARD LAND.
Located in Sutter County, within three miles
of three large fruit canneries, two dried
fruit packing establishments and a large
winery. ■
Best market enter for all kinds of fruit.
. ONLY $65 PER ACRE.
One of the best bargains In the State.
The Butte County irrigation ditch will soon
pass this tract. Surveys are now being made
for two electric lines to traverse this section,
and an overland road (the Western Pacific)
passing through here is certain to cause a
large Increase in values. Four passenger trains
to and from San Francisco every day. ■
. Owner about to leave the Coast.
Address M. J. NEWKOM, Real Estate
Dealer. 406 Second St., Marysville, Cal.
FOR the best list of country property, farms,
fruit and poultry ranches, stock ranches, al-
falfa and timber lands call or send for cata-
logue. .
ROTHERMEL * CO.. 507 California st.
POULTRY ranch for sale; 8 acres, near Santa
Cruz; well improved: trult and berries, stock
and tools go with the place. Address L. H.
MONROE, R. F. D. No. 1, Santa Cruz, Cal.
* .. ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains in j California. C. M. WOOSTER
CO., 648 Market St.. .
BAH MATEO REAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK. ' LOMITA PARK.
• LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric cars; 45
minutes from Fifth - and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt.
$10 to $50 down and $10 month.
• ' Go down and investigate.
Maps sent on application. -
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Main 673. • - - ' 116 California st.
-.- .. -■ .'. -r - Also at Lomlta Park.
JUST a little better than the rest: San Mateo
Park and the Hay ward Addition at San
Mateo- villa sites and building lots; terms,
of course. BALDWIN & HOWELL. agents.
25" Post St., 8. F. ; FRANK S. GRUMMON, :
310 2d aye., San Mateo. j
r ~~~~~~~''* M~"~~*~~~'~'''1"M ~"~~*~~~'~''' 1 " l ~ r^^^^^^^^^^ - .. ' i
•M-r-NIiO PABK BEAT* ESTATE.
A— MENLO PARK-FAIR OAKS.
■ Large villa sites and tracts "of from one to
five acres, beautifully ; wooded and ready for
building* convenient to station and in 'best part
of Fair Oaks and Menlo Park:, road Work free
of expense to buyers ; exceptionally easy terms-
finest climate In vicinity .of city; unexcelled
educational . facilities. For particulars write
■ SELBY, RODGERS & CO.. . ";''• - =••;
Main 673. .'.■■''' ■' - 116 California st.
SATTSAI.ITO estate.
forT^ale at a bargain. : .: :
-•- A beautiful home and ~, large "grounds in
. " Sausallto; , the house - is ; elegantly situated, 1
'"*. commanding a . fine view >of the bay, San
• " . Francisco ; and - surrounding -•> country. ~- •. ED-
• WARD F. BENT, 12 Crocker bldg.. S. F.
STJBTJBBAIf HOMES TOR SALE.
$200 L INSTALLMENTS, without interest ; ' per-
■ . fectly j appointed ;. 60x60 •.-: brand : ! new > house ;'
' -large grounds: near -- Burllngame station;
sewer. *. water, .- electrdlcity, " telephone; ten
■I •'- rooms' on first ; floor. .-• Full particulars room
1 720. Haywards bldg. L -
BEAL ESTATE — POB SAKE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, '&
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
City agents for Fireman's . FuntUlniUranea
Company. ' Send us your . name ana "we will
forward you, without any | cost to you, our
booklet., "Buyer and Seller," - containing a
complete list of choice real estate holdings
for. sale.
$13,000— Steiner St., Presidio Heights District;
elegant modern shingled residence of 10
rooms, bath, billiard-room, etc ; lot
27:6x110; flue marine view; owner must
leave city; see this.
$28,000— Fourth-st. business property: lot 40x
67:6; 4-story frame building, consisting
of 2 --tores and 36 rooms above, rent-
ing for $156 per month.
$40,000— Pacific aye., near Franklin St.; elegant
residence of 16 rooms, 3 baths, beamed
ceilings, conservatory, electric lights,
cedar closets, etc.; fine key lot. 37:6 x
122:6; reduced from $30,000 for a lim-
ited time.
$6,230 — $86 per month: pays 13 per
cent; 4 splendid flats in perfect order,
on lot 30x100. within half block of the
. 24th st. cars; 15 minutes' ride to the
City Hall; big Income and a snap; see
this at once.
— Elegant new apartment-boose In th«
Tlcioity of O'Farrea and Leavenworth;
89 rooms and baths, rented to one ten-
ant; secured lease; rents for $260 per
month; splendid investment; fine loca-
tion.
First-ay*, comer, near the park! toe
2-story : house of 9 rooms and bath and
stable; fine location and very comfort-
able home.
$2,000 — Jackson st. near Spruce; 25x127 I
reduced for immediate sale; ready to
build on; a snap. %
$4,loo— tth aye., near Lake* a residence of T
rooms and bath; renting for $30 per
month; lot 25x120; sleetrlo lixhtat
modern Ideal home.
$11,000 — Larkln at., near Sacramento, sunny
side: lot 31x6x100; fine residence of 9
rooms and bath; hardwood floors; lot
alone worth $6000.
$50,000 — Battery-st. corner, near California at.;
-, 2-story frame building, consisting of
store and rooms above, renting . for $203
per month; splendid lot in fine business
section.
— Folsom-st business corner; frame
building, consisting of store and 2 fiats;
building in splendid condition; rents for
$720 per year.
$o.2so— Ellis St.. near Devlsadero; 4 flats of 3
and 4 rooms each; rent for $50 per
month; lot 30x75.
$13,000— Powell st., near the Fairmont Hotel; 3
fiats of 6-6-6 rooms and bath, renting
for $102 60 per month; tina marine
view. • .
$4,000—2 splendid flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
porcelain bath; vicinity of Guerrero and
25th; lot 29:2x105; in perfect order.
$5,760 — Bush St.; 2 fine flats of 5 rooms and
bath each; renting for $50 per month;
In good condition; investigate this.
$5.760 — Minna St.. near 6th; 4 fiats of 4 and 6
rooms and bath each; In first-class
condition; rent for $50 per month; lot
25x80.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
SELLING FAST.
Ready for building ; only a few of these
choice marine view lota left; in block bounded
by Vallejo, Greene. Broderlck and Baker sts.;
property on official grade; streets and cross-
ings sewered; low price on terms to suit.
MECHANICS' HOME LOTS.
$150— AND UP— slso.
Near Union and Rlsdon Iron Works and
Sugar Refinery.
Take cars to 23d and Kentucky sts. See
our large signs.
ONLY $50 CASH.
ONLY $50 CASH. *
BALDWIN & HOWELL, Agents.
• 25 Post at.
1 ■ .
SUTRO HEIGHTS
ADDITION.
CALL AT
OUR NEW BRANCH OFFICER
NE. COR. 4J>TH AYE. AND FULTON ST.
As a convenience for
purchasers of lots in the '
SUTRO HEIGHTS ADDITION.
No expense is being spared to place this
new- subdivision in superior condition for heme
building: all streets are being placed on offi- I
cial grades; sewers are being constructed;
water and gas mains will be laid immediately,
and all th. streets and avenues will be mac-
adamized without expense to purchasers; go
out and see the immense amount of money the
owners are expending on this property; no oth-
<*f property near the Ocean Beach has all the
conveniences enjoyed by the Sutro Heights Ad-
dition; cars every tew minutes; macadamized
driveways; plank sidewalks; sewers; gas and
water mains: everything in as good shape as
If it were Pacific Heights, but with greater
attractions; the lots we offer are on 47th and
48th ayes. and B. C and Fulton sts., adjacent
to the Golden Gate Park and the Ocean Beach;
near the Sutro Baths and Sutro Heights.
Easy monthly payments and conservative
prices; take any car line going' to the beach
and get off at our branch office, 49th aye. and
Fulton St.; every day. including Sundays and
holidays; free conveyance to all parts of Rich-
mond and Sunset. -*
"BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post st.
' Branch office.
49th aye. and Fulton st.
Parnassus" Heights
Parnassus Heights
Parnassus Heights
3 New Blocks
8 New Blocks
3 New, Blocks
$1350 to $1500.
125 Parkview lots facing 4th. 6th. 6th and
7th avenues between "I" street and Par-
nassus avenue: within 600 feet of two en-
trances to Golden. Gate Park and overlooking
this world-famous garden. •
Over $100,000 worth of new buildings started
on Parnassus Heights during last month;
All lots on official grade; streets sewered;
paved with bituminous rock: granite curbs and
artificial stone sidewalks laid.
Absolutely the cheapest and best lots in the
city. ' ■ - > . - '■' ■
Go to our Branch Office, corner Seventh avenue
and "H" st., to-day and our agent will show
you the lots. .
We have others for sale in the Sunset Dis-
trict. Free ■ conveyance always at your dis-
posal. ■ L * ' ' ■ -
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
25 Poet Street.
Branch Office
Seventh Avenue and H Street.
ONLY THREE LEFT. '
$1 25 PER -WEEK. ;
. NO INTEREST. NO TAXES. I
$225 for choice lots. . Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school 'and Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; bound to double in value.
' I $400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes, : fine • lots, near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location ■ south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
1 W. >J. WHITE. ,
26 Montgomery at., r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
BAY-WINDOW cottage home; 4 rooms.
bath; porcelain plumbing; marble wash-
:, stand, tiling, wooden mantel, etc.; large
basement: stable and garden; $200 cash
Owner. 24 Bronte St., : near Cortland aye.:
take Folsom and San Bruno aye. cars.
$7000—4 ALMOST new flats. 4 and 5 rooms
; each; rent $65; latest Improvements; 60 feet
front; X lot, 90 feet east of Mission st. ; 2. 4.
8 and 8 West aye.. or 32d st; bank mortgage
$5000 can be secured at 8 per cent: see prop-
erty.' DOLAN : CO.. owners. 24 > Montgomery
IF-,, you are \. looking .' for < city property or a
j home In Berkeley. Oakland or Alameda, call
or send, for our selected - list. ROTHERMEL
A CO.. 507 California St.. S. F. . *.
A." BARGAIN — 8-room modern- cottage. See
• owner at once, ] 101 1 Castro St., city.
BEAT. — CITY — PO» SAKE.
SPECK & CO.
209 Montgomery St. - .
Leasing - Rents Collected
Selling Insurance.
INCOME AND OTHER PROPERTIES^
$140. — Splendid new apartment house; B-
story brick buildintr on main street
east of Larkln: 50 ft. lot; secured
lease: $75.G00 bank mortgage can re-
main; this magnificent Investment will
•__ tvv J l^. ov « r 12 Per cent.*
— Montgomery at. corner, near Cali-
fornia; large lot; good buildings; an »
per cent net Investment. Propositions
-_ like, this are few.
♦70,000 — Ideal apartment house; splendid lo-
cation; elegant appointments through-
out: large lot with two frontages; main
at., right off of Van Ness avenue; ft
year lease, secured rent yielding hand-
some income: win sacrifice for quick
_„„ _ sale; reasonable offer entertained.
$30,600 — Prominent Sixth si. corner, near
Market; 35x120 to rear street; 3 front-
' ages; stores and fiats: substantial im-
provements; $300 month rental.
$41,000— Exceptional bargain account partner-
ship dissolution; we offer for limited
• - period only; plat on Howard at. 50xlH»
feet, near Third st.. 2 trontaKes; re
duced from $50,000: eld improvements
now rent for ■ $ICO month; actually
cheapest property downtown.
: — Investor's opportunity to improve' W
ft. frontaf*; 6000 aq. ft., Turk st., not
fur from Market: present Improvements
rent for $100 month; $5000 In Improve-
ments will readily produce $300 month-
ly rent. Have tenant ready to take
6 yr. leas* of portion at that rate.
$23,800— Corner rrtorew and flats; vicinity et
Taylor and Pacific sts. Lot 07_30:
rented for $181 per month. .
$22,800— Mission st. business property: near
10th at.. 75 ft frontage; splendid in-
come proposition.
$18,000— Hayes st. best business" section: 28
ft. lot to rear St.. stores and flats
rented low at $113 month: price re-
duced; this Is a bargain . investigate.
118,800— Three exceptionally One flats; new
and full modern; bay windows; marble
vestibule: aler&nt finish throughout and
finely located In Western Addition; all
rented for $1560: a choice flat invest-
ment: 17:6 lot.
118,000— Two splendid modern flats: select
residence neighborhood; Sacramento at.,
near Van Nt*>e, «scecially adapted for
use of one as horn* and leasing the
other; lot 30x127 1* 1 *. which alone is
worth $12.0*J0.
$13.000— Hyde bt.. near Geary: 28 ft. lot wit-
improvements: make offer.
_, RESIDENCES.
$14.500 — residence on north side of Clay
St.. near Van Ness; 14 room* and
■ baths; In first-class condition; or would
rent to desirable tenant.
$10,000 — Page st. elegant modern residence;
14 rooms and bath; choice neighbor-
hood; lot 23x100.
LOTS.
— Clay at., north line: near Cherry;
29x123 ft.
$3.ooo— Webuter st. near Oak; west side.
MM
California .st. and Second _v«.; 28
_100.
Richmond lots: cloa* _a --"* sear
Golden Gate Park and os 4 ear lines,
cheapest lots In vicinity.
$1.400— ■'(■■• at., near 3rd ay»., 23x100. ■ZSmsM
We have lots in all parts of the city.
Call and get list.
SPECK A CO.
209 Montgomery's-, .
w J. sum
680 CALIFORNIA ST.
Savings Union Building.)
Cheap building lots, north of the park;
streets graded and macadamized, water mains,
gas and electricity down on streets and be-
tween three car lines; one running all night.
$l_so— East line Seventh aye.. between A
and B Ms ; 25x1_0.
$25110— East line Seventh aye., between A
and B 6ts. ; 50x120.
Fine northwest business corner; 67:8x100;
on Seventh aye.; Seventh aye. is a boulevard
and la the driveway from the Presidio to the
park: this is a fine corner to Improve
$1200— California St.; lot 25x100.
LOTS THAT ARE VERY CHEAP.
$550 — Twenty-first *v#. . — -*TTI
$350 — Twentieth aye. ; 23x120.
POINT LOBOS WE. PROPERTIES.
$1200 each — Three lota on sunny side: 25x100.
$1200 each — Two lots on sunny side; 23x100.
$3000— Northeast corner; 32:0x100; these lots
are not far out and all within a few steps of
the cars. -
$1200 — side B St., near Seventh a -ft .
25x100,
$22CO— Eleventh aye.. near Clement: 60x120.
J2200 — Ninth a*~f-.. near Clement; 50*1:.'"
SOME DESIRABLE PROPERTIES NEAR
AND AROUND LAKE ST.
$1575 Lake st.; sunny side; 27x72: cheap lot.
$230O — Cottage residence with lot 27 feet
i frontage. Lake st. ; fine location on sunny side.
Tw«nty-flrst aye.. ,">»>xl::«>, near Lake st. ;
grand marine view.
Twenty aye., 90x120. near Lake st. ;
marine view; very fine.
Union St.. on sunny side; two choice lots,
ready for building: sheltered location; near
Presidio; marine view; 27:6x110; a splendid'
bargain; must be sold; a fine buy for a builder.
— Filbert St.. sunny side; lots 25x120;
to street nl rear; east of Steiner.
$29CO— Mlbert: sunny side; L shaped lot: 25*
137:6. with lot 30xlCO; fine marine view
$4S3O— (nion; sunny side; 60x137:8; grand
marine view lot.
$1600— Greenwich; sunny aide; 27:«_13T:«- .
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
— Vallejo. near Fillmore; lots 31: It
137:6.
Broadway, northeast corner; 57:« x
105; the sunny corner, with a grand marine
view; a rerfect panorama.
Grand marine view bulldins; sites, east 9tde.
with sun front and rear, in sizes to suit buy-
ers; no flats can be built thereon; only first-
class residences ; call at office for particulars.
These are the choicest residence lots In the
city; buyers are informed that offers will bo
submitted for any of the above properties.
W. J. fit'NN. 530 California st.
$37.500 SEVENTH-ST. Investment; IPO-foot
front; near new Postofflce: big speculation;
2 frontages; pays 9 per cent. THE REN-
FRO-PECK CO., 634 Market st.
COTTAGES, 4 and 5 rooms: terms same as
rent. Lumber yard, cor. Army and London.
OUR phone number Is South 1088. AHLBACH
& MAYER, plumbers. ■<?« Howard st.
OAKLAND ADVEIIT > S ;
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAXI-ASTD BZAX ESTATE.
FORCED SALE.
A pretty, cozy, shingled, bungalow cottage,
good location, only 7 minutes' walk to Key
route station; lot 37:6x120; pretty aide en-.
trance and porch; cottage contains 6 largo
rooms- Interior woodwork natural finish, por-
celain bath; modern plumbing. This Is a
snap at $2500.
$2700 Is the price and don't miss this If you
want a chance to buy a swell 6-room Eastlake
cottage, located In the center of town. only 5
minutes' walk from local train; in choica
residence neighborhood; lot 30x100; all large,
sunny rooms, having east frontage; high bust*'
ment; don fail to investigate this.
Positively must be sold at once; rare op-
portunity to get a swell 6-room. modern, up-
to-date, story and a half cottage, sunny aids
of .street, good location: lot TSMIIH. Interior
finish, lower floor natural wood, upper floor
I white enamel woodwork. This is an ideal
home. Price only $3»>uo. Kany terms. •jMSas
MARINE VIEW.
Don't' miss this; must be sold at once; ele-
gant Queen Anne 6-room modern house, sunny
side of street; paneled dining-room, pillared
arch from reception hall to parlor; Quakei
fireplace; open plumbing; sunny porch, with
turned posts: open lawn; cement walk around
house and only 3 short blocks from electric
train; located in swell neighborhood on High-
land Terrace, which commands elegant marine
view and a view of the foothills; in fact, a
modern, up-to-dat* dwelling and only $3500;
small cash payment required.
KREISS & HO WILL,
1070 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
_- t '
________ - * \
$330— riNB lot. 30x125. near Telegraph aye ;
convenient to Key Route, street work all
done; reduced to make quick sale.
Fine lot on sunny side of V aides St., near
• Twenty-sixth; only $20 per foot. '
- Elegant lot, 100x125, near residence of
' Alex. Young and Senator Perkins: extra
choice; price $6000
A bargain: fine residence of 12 rooms and
all conveniences-; on Jackson at. ; lot IOOx
170; now rented to a gcod tenant at $70 per
month; price. $10,000.
Elegant lot, 40x200 near Key Route sta-
tion; street macadamized; 30 minutes to San
Francisco; new neighborhood; price $1300.
Several elegant lots still unsold in th«
Frost Tract, this la bank property taken un-
der foreclosure of mortgage; terms very
easy.
Elegant northwest comer, near boulevard;
lot 150x140; ' house of 9 large rooms; for sala
by order of bank. price $7000; this is *
chance for a bulkier or speculator.
J H. MACDONALD & CO..
1062 BROADWAY.
$"3 CASH. $5 monthly: 8 lots. 100x200: grand
site- good soil. lies high; near electric cars
and 'grand driviway: away from fogs and cold
wind* adjoining East Oakland; section new
and building up rapidly; price all told $400. -
Call cr send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. op-
posite Broadway station. Oakland: carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
Continued on Page Twelr*
1112
OAKLAND APYEIIT'S'MTS
oaeusd _orsr:s vo let.
lilE vvholo or liul!" cf a thoroughly modern 8-
1i... T-i .Iwpllin?. almost completely nlshed ;
iJ^raiit furniture; house surrounded W,:h a
r;<e la-an. cement w_ks. Urge ysrd; first -
<*•-* neishboihood; will rent reasonable to
rtgllt jHrties; see owner. R. E. CALLAHAN.
2« Montgomery eU. S. ■ Kranoisco.
[_%» nrgHiTPKr poe sale.
TOMORROW the day for bargains in furniture.
H. S<-he!hf.RS. 11th Bt., cor. store. Oakland.
Krr.NITURK for 3 rooms; no dealers: also
. .ttago to rrnt. 213 E. 19th ft., Oakland.
< IjJ'A ADVERT'S'MTS
_M—_i Furnished Souses for Sale.
j'on SALE — Contents of a 5-room cottage:
decant new furniture: rare bargain: party
poing Kast. Call -between JO and 2 o'clock
an;- day. CIO>S Eagle aye.. Alameda. >>!.
BERKELEY APYERT^NTS
BEEKEI— Y BOOMS WAMTEP.
WANTED— Two furnished momi for very light
housekeeping in North Berkeley, vicinity
university, near hills; must be refined »ur- !
rountfmgr; reference* exchanged. Box 5899.
Call office.
EEBIELEY HOTTS— TO I_T.
IS-ROOM house; large grounds; suitable for
lodging, boarding or private family; 1918 Uni-
versity aye.. 1 block from Berkeley depot.
Address I. J. TRUMAN. Call bidg . S. F.
FRUITVALE APVERT ? S ; TS
r_irrrvA_E _EAI. estate. ,
WILL the gentleman engaged In shipping who
looked at property on East 14th St., Frultvalo.
Sunday, Feb. 5, communicate with meT
Think we can arran«r terms MRS. A.
STEWAKT. P. O. box 220, Fruitvale, Cal.
■ 1 1
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOKS TOn HOTJSErrEEFTJTO
EHYANT. 421 — One large sunny nicely fur-
nished room for housekeeping; gas.
BRYANT, 1101, cor. Ninth— 2 front rooms, [
furnished for housekeeping; rent law.
BRYANT. 2805H— Two housekeeping rooms,
v.-ith phone; in sunny part of Mission.
BKEH. 1220 — Furnished housekeeping rooms,
1 16 SO; nicely furnished room. $9.
IJUSH." 2<50«A — 3 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; double parlors and kitchen with
v.ater. J2O.
CLARA. 177 — 2 rooms famished complete for :
housekeeping ; call after 5 p. m. ,
El DV. 307 — * sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath; upper floor; no children.
EDDY, 743— Nicely furnished rooms, with i
kitchens; pas rang**; paricr floor.
KLLIS, 1478 — furnished Housekeeping room?; !
funry a!! day. . ]
FOLSOM. "HA Sunny parlor housekeeping '
rooms. $14; r!?o " rear rooms, with yard, 12; ;
newly papered; clean; key 765 Market Et. ■
FOURTH. — Two rooms, furnished for I
housekeeping; no children; coal stove.
FRANKLIN. 1450 — Sunny housekeeping rooms,
corner; furnished or unfurnished. :■: ■ \~ ,"
FRANKLIN. 1517— Sunny front room; break-
fast and dinner; running water; $5 per wk. (
GEARY. ;0."2— 4 furnished rooms, complete for j
housekeeping; $30.
GOLDEN GATE, 357—2 or 8 newly fur-
nished runny rooms: hot and cold water;
bath: phone Folsom 2072. |
JACKSON. 1600 — Furnished rooms for house- i
keeping.
LARKIN. 1007, cor. Poet — Sunny rooms, com-
pete for housekeeping; gas range; bath.
LATIKIN". 433 — Nicely furnished rooms for I
housekeeping.
LARKIN, Sl7H — Nicely furnished sunny cor-
ner room: gas stove, folding bed; reasonable.
LAHKIN. 819H— Large. nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, gas stove and bath;
reasonable.
MINT aye . 22, near Fifth and Market — neatly
furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
MINNA, 514. near Sixth — Sunny front room
Bar housekeeping.
MAYBELLE, 202 Grove, corner Van Ness aye.
— Sunny, furnished 3-room suite, $26; unfur-
nished. $21.
. LIFTER. U7S Sunny front room; kitch-
en connecting: running water; also single;
reasonable.
McALLIS-T^R. 538 — Sunny suite; gas range;
hot bath; laundry; adults, $15.
MINNA. 032 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms, reasonable. Call between 2-6 o'clock.
NINTH, 4£3 — Two rooms, sunny, for house-
keeping: no children: rent $12. ..>■.
OAK. in — Rooms, complete, housekeeping: $5
to ■ -. gas range; hot bath; adults.
OTARRELL. 13»5 — Well furnished house-
keep, apartments; (run all day $15 and $20.
OTARRELL. 1712 — Sunny front rooms, with
kitchen, pas. bath, phone; grand view.
OCTAVIA. ISCs— Beautiful furnished rooms;
also housekeeping rooms for rent.
PINE, 2614 0ne or two housekeeping rooms,
furn. or not. running water, bath, sunny.
6OUTH PARK, 126 Four unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; no children.
SECOND. 14&— Central location for good house-
keeping rooms.
SOUTH PARK. ITS — Three or four furnished
room? for housekeeping.
SIXTEENTH, 2909 — Housekeeping rooms.
STEIXER, 3154. bet. Haight and Page—
furnished bedroom, bath adjoining, suitable
for man and wife or two women; use of
kitchen if desired.
THIRD. 333 — Nle» housekeeping rooms.
THIRD. 362 — Two rooms nicely furnished for
housekeeping; sink; porch, $10; other rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 188 — Beautlfu] alcove suit«
end kitchen, complete for housekeeping; no
children.
TVRK. J2s— Clean, sunny furnished rooms. $5
op; also board and rooms. $22 60 mo.; baths.
VALLEY. Cl — 3 or . 4 sunny rooms, bath and
yard.
WALLER. 71 — Newly furnished newly tinted
suite: grand view: 1 .n all day: $20.
ap AHTDtrirrs WAITTZD.
WANTED — A modern 3-room apartment with
kitchen detached: furnished; etate rates Box
7200. Call office.
KOOSCS TO let Turn, aad TJafura.
AT ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LfcAVENWOKTH STS. THREE HUN-
DSED ROOMS. MODERN AND UP-TO-
DATE. LIGHT. SUNNY. AIRT. HAIR
MATTRESSES, FREE BATHS. HOTEL
ACCOMMODATIONS. SINGLE ROOMS
. WITH BATH. ROOMS FROM THREE
DOLLARS TO EIGHT DOLLARS PER
WEEK. » ■
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
:.""- to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open ail night.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric light*: only first -class ho*M
in locality; rooms $1 50 week ana up. <
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st)— Rooms. 26c to 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 .'•<> to 910 week: house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 112* Market and 21 ' Turk— Electric
lights, running water in every room; t 200
rooms; 2Sc to lac per night: $1 25 to $8 week.
Brunswick. i)l2i~. Washington. Oakland — Sunny
rms.. suites, single; transient, permanent.
BUSH. 15C1 — Newly furnished sunny suite,
and E)ngl« room; housekeeping conveniences.
FREMONT, 347— Sunny furnished room for re-
tahla gentleman.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— 35c
to $1 25 night: SI *0 to $6 wlc; reading-room.
GOLDEN GATE. Ss7— Newly furnished sunny
front rooms; $2 week up; bath and phone. .
HOWARD. — Furnished rooms, single or
rtral location.
3ONES. 91P. near Bueh — Very desirable room.
b2th; all conveniences ; reasonable. -J- \
LARKIK. 1060 — front room.
LEAVENWOKTH. 712— Nicely ' furnished
■Mr room In private family; rent reas. -
I £ B.OOMS TO LET — and XTaf nrn. _ '
LARKIN. 1149— Single and housekeeping
rooms.
MARKET, 1019 (the Falmouth)— Sunny rms.,
52: smites. $4 and $5 weeK; bath, elevator;
housekeeping.
' METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.— 4oo
tingle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
f2 to ?8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
th»t has office^n ground floor, hot and cold
water, eieptric lights, call bells, steam heat
in everf^room and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to its guests. -
lOEICAI_ place. 24. oft Geary, near Mason—
■ Nice sunny furnished rooms, with or with- 1
out beard. _____________
O'FARRELL, 504 — Newly furnished sunny'
front Euites; also single rooms. $2 week, up; j
hot water, bath, phone.
j —
THE HARVARD — Transient, permanent; re- i
duced rates. 271 O'Farrell St.; new, neat, ,
clean. '
POST. 962 — Nicely furnished ' sunny front I
rooms, $1 25. $1 50, $2 week; central; every 1
convenience. 1
POLK, 1143. near Sutter— Elegantly furnished !
rms.; front, sunny, bath, phone, piano; reas. j
ROYAL HOUSE. 12« Ellis— lncandescent lights; !
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par- ;
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. 12
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ;
6AHLE-IN (The), cor. Bush and — Now |
open; new fireproof building; fine sunny j
I rooms, with private bath; breakfast served;
reasonable. i
EHOTWELL, — Nicely furnished room; prl- ;
vate family; bath and gas; modern, flat; 38- j
' TAYLOR. 203, cor. Eddy— cheerful
rooms, $8, $12, $15; bath, phone and clean. >
; 1 —
TURK. 38 — Nicely furnished sunny front room; |
private family; for one or two; $10 month.
TURK. 123 — Nicely furnished suite of rooms,
suitable for 2 or 4 gentlemen, with board;
gas; bath. . .
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market—
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
VENDOME. 1104 — Furn. rooms, suite
or elngle; suite $5 week up. 15 Turk st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
' 36c to $1 60 nightly: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
; Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
BOOHS AND BOAED.
•THE PLAZA."
1128 Eddy St.; all sunny rooms, overlooking
lawn and Jefferson Square; meals first class;
rates moderate. Tel. Jackson 166.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1031. nr. Jefferson Park
— Furnished front rooms, bath, good board, i
$20 : two. $36 month. I
COMORA (The). 621 O'Farrell — Home idea: j
generous table; good service and contented
guests. _^ i
ELLIS, 453— Choice room, with best of French I
table board; reasonable. MRS. TENCE.
HICKORY aye.. 215 Furnished front room for
2 gentlemen, with board; private family.
ROOM and board, very reasonable, at 909 Polk j
et.: home cooking. _^ !
CALIFORNIA, 807— Beat rooms, table and ser- j
vice in the city for the least money. :
ROOMS AKD BOARD WANTED.
"WAITED — Suite of rooms and board for -man
and wife in hotel or boarding-house; close '
in: hotel preferred; can give best of refer-
ences. Address box C5OO. Call office. ' ; "v |
BOOMS W—BTTZiD.
WANTED — By young couple. 2 or 3 partly
furnished housekeeping rooms; private en- '
trance. Box 99. Call office.
!
Z.OPTS TO I— T.
LOFT, 25x160; rent reduced. BACIOALUPI.
786 Mission et.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SPECIAL bargains this week— lot of shop-
worn White machines at a third usual price. ,
Used machines of other makes at almost any |
price at the WHITE SEWING MACHINE !
COS new retail ■ office. 915 Market St.; j
* telephone Jessie 4461. 1
DOMESTIC: — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $5, $8: slightly
used. $10. $15. $20: you know where the dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAB. PLAMBECK, 1915 Mission st.
A WEEK' news for 6 — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
VXAYI.
1 A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters' j
home treatment: booklet free; write for it. ',
VIA VI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
Pr~ OESTP ITOTICE3. ' v j
DIVIDEND notice The eighth monthly divi-
dend of 5 cents per share on the preferred i
stock of the United Milk Company has been I
declared and is now payable at the office Of j
the company at 524 Montgomery St.. S. F.
PROPOSALS. _ ___ £
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of bupplies and Accounts, Navy Depart- |
ment, Washington, D. C, until 10 o'clock ;
a. ;r... March 14, 1905, and publicly opened !
immediately thereafter, to furnish at the j
navy yards. Mare Island, Cal., and Puget !
Sound, Wash., a quantity of naval supplies j
as specified below. Schedule 79: Insulating
tape, electrical wire, transformers, nails,
blow pipe, carborundum wheels, "builder's |
hardware, pig iron, wrought Iron, brazier's •
forge, knife grinding machine, fir lumber, j
French range. Schedule 80: Searchlights. I
Schedule 81: Guid; hammer. Schedule 82: In-
candescent lamps, electrical cable tape,' and
glol»es, ; screws, nuts, cutters, birch, sheet
copper, tapping and drilling machine, surface
planing machine. Schedule S3: Roast, salt |
and corned beef, ham, bacon, salt pork. <
lard, salmon, beans, split peas, tinned to-
matoes, lima beans, string- beans, corn, peas
and succotash, rice, navy biscuit, macaroni,
cocoa, syrup, vinegar, pickles, evaporated j
ap?k3 and peaches, Sjnr.ed pears peaches j
and prunes. • Blank proposals will be fur-
nished upon application to the navy pay |
offices, San Francisco, Cal.. and Seattle,
Wash., or to the bureau. Applications should
designate by numbers the schedules desired.
H T. B HARRIS, Paymaster General, U.
s." >•, . 2-6-1003
STUTTEB—TO AVD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond.
621 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin, Bto 12.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: f
Friedrich W. A. J. Bchulx. 27, 759 McAl-
lister st.. and Anita E. Hermes, 21, Alameda.
Claud H. Van Olinda. 23, Bait Lake City,
and Emily Schell, 21, Oakland.
August Euber, 34, 321 A Fremont st., and
Harriet B. Morris, 24. 1825 A Sutter st.
Eugene N. Dentz. 27, 402% McAllister st,
and Josephine M. Hahn, 20, 34 Hoff avenue.
g Alexander K. Coady, 29, 2963 Mission street,
and- Grace R. Elliott, 18, 105 Serpentine ava.
Ira M. Woods, 27, Palo Alto, and Mary A.
Rose. 23. Palo Alto.
Raymond O. Donne, 21, Portland, Ore., and
Clara" A. Hussey. 18. Portland, Ore.
Abram P. Bell. 46. 148 Sixth street, and
Myrtle M. Baker. 27. 2522 McAllister at.
Eugene Devoto. -I. 742 • Broadway, and Kitty
Bogue. 19, 712 Green etreet.
Neuton rull 1 ail. -1. 326 Devlsadero st.,
and Catherine J. Mitchell, 18. 1635 Fulton et.
John Donohue, 28, 14 Jackson street, and
Hanna VLahoney, 2tJ. 25 Roecoe st.
Jose G Santa Cruz. 21, Cnlima, Mex.; and
Ampara C. Loaiza. 18, 121)7 Taylor street.
William S. Welden. 37, New London, Conn.,
and Catherine T. Hall. 33, 1125H Mission st.
William P. Humphreys 33, 976 Chestnut St.-
and Paula Wolff. 22. 1312 Washington st.
Abraham Frenkel, . 26. 1021 Minna street.
and Cecilia Brayman, 21. 1008 '■• Minna street.
William F. Lynch. 30. . Dcs Molnew. lowa,
I and Ethel Benton, 20. city.
James A. Morgan. 27, San Luis Obispo, and
Dolores M. Huntress. 18, San Jose.
Roy A. Lee. XL, 3017 Sacramento street, and
1 Belmont Walton. 18. 198 Carl street.
■ Peter Busalacchl, 26. 11l Vallejo street, and
Doratia BaHstriere. 24. 403 Bay street. .
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. ' Birth, marriage and " death notices : cent by
mail will not be Inserted.. They must be handed
in at either of the -publication offices and be.
. indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona _ authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to; the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. ' ■ --V ■*-•'•■- " '-
BORV. >
LAYDON— In ' this city February 20. 1905,
to the wife of J. A. Lay dun. a son. ■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1905
I 'AKRON— in this city. February 19.; 1905,
' to the wife of Captain Michael McCarron,
a con. *■ ■
POTTER— this city, January ; 31. . 1905, to
the wife of A. W. Potter, a daughter. ; - •
SHADE— In Sparks City. Nov., , February 18,
1909, to the wife of George Shade, a son.
SMITH — In this city." February • 15. 1005, to
the wife of Harry Smith, a son.
WEISS— In this city. February 14, 1905, to the
wife of J. M. Weiss, twin daughters.
?:».KKIED.
OLSEN -SVENSEN— this city. February
IS. 1905, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud, Otto
L. OUen and.Sclma Svensen, both of San
Francisco. "* ■
____________
DIED.
Adams. Juanita G. — 8 Jones, Harrison A. — 62
months • Kennedy. Wm. . T. — 26
Ahem, Margaret A.— 3l Kennerson,' Sophia G.
Armatrons;,Fred C. — 23 — S2
Bentley, Wm. F. — I King James L. — 76
Brinsmald. Mary J. — 82 Latapie, Marie—
Brown. Margaret — 76 Lehman. . M. W.— 29
1 Burrola. Francisco — 90 Levy, Samuel — 67
Byrne, John — OS . Marshall. Jos. C— 79
CaJlahan, Mary — 54 McDonough, Edward : P.
'Cantet, Mary— )McGouf?h Thomas —
i Carrere. Catherine J. McMahori, Thomas— sS
I Castro, Marina— 7o Nylander. J. W. — 43
Cohn, Casper — 57 Uadonsky, Jacob 37
I Conklin Susie F. Rltter. E. T. — 29
Connolly, Bridget Shields, Jennie — 18
Doherty, Mary Smith (infant)
j Donovan, Harma — Sweeney, Hannah— 7B
Frese. Herman N. — 20 Thles,- Caroline —
Gonzales Josefa P. . Tilden.Catherlne C. —
Halpin, William— 6s Walsh Thos. E. — 72
[ Harrington Ellen — 58 Weidner, Rosina —
Hoitt, Ira — 71 Wellbrock, Geo. H. — 20
Horstmann, Henry — 77 Williamson, Beatrlze —
Jacob!, David— SO 54
ADAMS— In this olty, February 20, 1905,
Juanita Godair Adams, dearly beloved and
only daughter of Joseph and Berta Adams, j
sister of the late Nonekah L. Adams, and
granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Louis Go-
dair. a native of San Francisco, aged 6
month* and 3 daya.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:80 p. m., from the resi-
dence of her parents. 1222 Bush street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
AHERN-In this city. February 18, 1905,
Margaret A., dearly beloved wife of David
M. Ahem, and mother of Clarence and Flor-
ence Ahem. and daughter of the late Michael
and Sarah Costello of Tombstone, Ariz., and
sister of Mrs. Mary Stevenson and the late
Nicholas J. Costello. a native of California,
aged 31 years 11 months and 24 days.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 21. at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence. 22 Alvarado street, thence to St. !
James Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero !
street*, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
ARMSTRONG— In this city February 19, 1906,
at the residence of his parents, 420 Tenth
street, Fred C, beloved son of Charles F.
and Mathilda Armstrong, and brother of
William, Lillie, Frank find . Florence Arm-
strong, a native of San -"Francisco, aged 23
years. *
[C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of
Craig. Cochran * Co.. 4271 Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Polk and Larkin streets. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BENTLBT— this city, February 18. 1906,
William F.. beloved husband of Ella Bent-
ley, and father of Eddie and Ernest Bent-
ley' a native of New York, aged 50 years. »
Funeral services at 2:15 p. m., Tuesday.
February 21 at the chapel ,of N. Gray &
Co.. 353 Sutter street. Interment Cypreas
Lawn Cemetery.
BRIXSMAID— In Lima, V. V., February 18,
■1905, Mary J. Brlnsmal; ! . sister of H. E.
Bostwick, aged 82 years . and 7 months.
BROWN — In this city. February 19. 1905, I
at 33 Rincon place. Mavgtiret Brown, wife
of the late Richard 'Br«wn. and sister of !
Mrs C. Lovett and Ml:«s Johannah Calla- j
ghan, a native of -. Cou/ity Cork, Ireland, ;
aged 76 years. ?
C7"Friendfi and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend 'the funeral to-day i
(Tuesday), from the Chapel of the Passion, |
attached to St. Mary's Hospital. First : and
Bryant streets, where a requiem high mass j
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BURROLA — In this city, February 18. 1905,
Francisco Burrola, a native of Mexico, aged
90 years.
BYRNE— In this city, February 18. 1905, John
Byrne, a native of Dundalk, County Louth,
Ireland, aged 65 years. A member of Court
Justice No. 16, F. of A., and the Veteran
National Guards of California.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:.':0 a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to the chapel of • St. Mary's
Hospital. First and Bryant streets, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at * 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CALLAHAN — In this city, February 20. 1905,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Charles Cal-
iahan, and mother of Charles Callahan, Mrs.
Florence Faunce and Mrs. Mary Beck, a na-
tive of Ireland aged 54 years. (Boston,
Mass., papers please copy.)
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the- parlors of J. C. O'Connor _ Co., 707
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
CANTET In this city. February 20, 1903,
Mary, dearly beloved wife of Robert Cantet,
beloved daughter of Richard and the late
Mary Otto, and devoted sister of Mrs. Nellie
Clark. Mrs. Annie Ryan and Richard and j
• Fred Otto, a native of San Francisco, j aged I
27 years 1 month and 26 days.
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 a. m., from the resi-
dence of her father. 360 Grove street, be-
tween Gough and Franklin. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets. •
| CARRERE — An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated for ' the recose of
j the soul of the late Catherine J. , Carrere,
Tuesday, February 21, at 9 a. m., at the
Church of Notre Dame den Victoires, Bush
street. Friends are invited :to attend.
CASTRO— In this city, February 20, 1905, Ma-
rina Castro, beloved mother of Mrs. Guada-
lupe Higuera, a native of Mexico, aged 70
years 7 months and 2 day.
C~*"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from, the
residence of her daughter. 1700 Sacramento
street, corner Polk. . ■
! COHN— In this city, February 19. . 1905, Cas-
per Cohn. beloved husband of Bertha Cohn,
and beloved father of Norma and Josie Cohn.
a native of Lebau, Prussia, ' aged 57 years.
- C^The funeral will . take place .. to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:15 a. m., at his late resi-
dence, 309 Octavia street. ' Interment Hilis
of Eternity Cemetery, by electric funeral
car leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
at 11 a. m. Members -of Pacific Lodge No.
43, ; I. O. B. 8., and Norman Lodge No.
1841, K. of H., are respectfully Invited ' to
attend. .
j CONKLIN— In this city, February 20, 1905,
Susie F., beloved wife of L. A. Conklin, a
native of San Francisco.
i CONNOLLY— In this city, February 19, ; 1906,
Bridget Connolly.
- ICy Funeral private. i".-.'';^'.--^
] DOHERTY— In this city, at her residence, 1744
Folsom street. Mary beloved wife of James
Doherty, mother of James, Walter and Mary
Ellen Doherty, daughter of Jerry and. Mary
Sullivan, and sister of Patrick and Timothy
Sullivan, a native of Ireland.
DONOVAN— In this city, 1 February 20. 1005,
Hanna Donovan, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 70 years. :
FRESE — In Burke, Sonoma County, Cal., Feb-
ruary 19. 1905, Herman N. Frese, beloved son
; of Mary A. and the late Herman Frese, and
beloved brother of Mrs. A. Warneke and
Hilda Frese, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years and 17 days. A member of Jour-
. neyman Butchers' Benevolent and Protec-
tive Association, S. :■. F. Lodge No. 1.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
residence of his mother, 815 Halght « street,
between' Scott and Devisadero. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ...-,.-.■ .
GONZALES— In this city, February 20, ■ 1905,
Josefa P. Gonzalee, dearly beloved mother
of Mrs. R. Luna, a native of Mexico. ;■ .7
HALPIN— In this city, February 20, 1905, Wil-
liam, beloved brother of Michael ; Halpin ;of
' San Luis Oblspo, Cal., a native of • County
■ Meath, Ireland, aged ■65 years 1 month • and
5 days. ■ ■ ,7>-.V '.-.■■._ ■: .-
Friends and acquaintances : are respect-
fully ■ invited to attend ■■ the , funeral ' to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
McFadden. Mcßrearty _, Green, 1171 Mission
street, between . Seventh : and • Eighth, : thence
to St. Joseph's Church for. services. . Inter-
ment "Holy Cross Cemetery. -
HARRINGTON— ' this city. February 20,
1905, Ellen Harrington, dearly beloved sister
of Patrick and Mary Harrington, a native of
- Boston. Mass., aged 58 years. (Boston pa-
pers please copy.) v.-v-v ■  ■", _ '-
Friends and acquaintances ■ are respect-
fully invited to attend the ; funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 ' o'clock "p. m., ■ from the
residence of her niece. Mrs. D. A. Sylvester, '
1 049 York street. Interment * Holy Cross
' Cemetery. ' ■' '" ''"" Xi \' ■ '■'=•: '.-' " - '■— '
HOITT — In Menlo ; Park, A February » 19, 1905,
Ira G. Holtt. a native •of Lee. :N. H., aged
71 years and 7 • months. -..:■■
(CTFriends and l acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited '■-. to attend , the ; funeral ' cervices
• at his : late residence In •; Menlo . Park on
Tuesday morning, . : the " 21»t ". inst., ;at ~ 10:30
: a. m • - or .:• at the First : Unitarian • Church,
Geary and Franklin streets, -at ■ 2:30 o'clock,
Tuesday»afternoon.'- Cremation private. :: •
HORSTMANN— In this city. February 20, 1903,'
Henry <' Horstmann, beloved husband of the
. late Marie /■ Horstmann,''' and ": father > r of ;• the
late Henry : Horstmann, . and ■ brother of Mrs.
John Bach, a•: native of Harpstedt.i Hanover,
. Germany. , aged 77 years '■ 4 , months : and 17
days ■— . - • v ;,•'- ■•:•-■!.•-- ■■•-. '■'■'. . V t--; ■:'':yjs-i..--. "v.
"-... E7 Notice of ' funeral hereafter. ..
JACOBI — In ■.; this : ■ city, : - February i. 19, ■-■■ 1905.
David. ": beloved husband ' of ; the . late ; Hannah
• ' Jacobl. ■ and \ beloved ; ■ father f. ' of : Louis H.,
7 Arthur Tlllle. - Samuel . and ■. Daniel H. Jacob!
and Mrs. A. Palmer, a ; native of Germany,
aged SO years 1 month and 18 days. \
Funeral ; and ' interment strictly : private.
JONES— In this city. February 20, 15)05. Har-
rison A. beloved husband of Clara W. Jones,
lather of HarriEon A Jr and Charles W.
Jones, and son of Isabella and the late Har-
rison Jones, a native of Louisville, Ken-
tucky, aged 52 years 8 months and 12 days.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
KENNEDY— In this city, February IS.~ 1905.
William T. Kennedy beloved son of Mrs.
Annie Kennedy and the late James Kon-
sedy, and beloved brother of Mrs. E.. N.
Wilkinson and the late John R. and \\ alter
J. Kennedy, a native of San Francisco, aged
26 years and 4 month*.
Cs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a m from his late resi-
dence. 2834 Baker street, thence to St.
Vincent de Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at D
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KENNERSON— In this city February 19, 1905.
Sophia Gunnlson Kennerson. a native uf
New Hampshire, aged 82 years 3 months
and 11 days.
(TT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. February 21, at 2 p. m., at her
late residence. 2500 Sacramento street.
KING — In thla city February 19. 1905, James
L. King, a Native of New York, aged 76
years.
.(ET'The funeral will take place to-day
(■uesday). at 2 p m., from the parlors of
( »aig. Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden Gate
j^jnue. between Larkin and Po!k streets.
Incineration Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
LATAPIE (nee Rondel)— ln Reno. Nev.. Feb-
ruary 20, 1905, Marie, beloved wife of Pierre
Lataple, mother of Pierre, Victorine. George
Bertrand and Mabel Lataple, eister of Ed-
ward Rondel, sister-in-law of Bertrand Salles,
aunt of Bertrand and Joseph Salles, and
cousin of Edward and Anna Jorgensen and
Frank and Victorine Cediey, a native of San
Francisco. t aged 87 years.
lE7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
LEHMAN— In this city February 19, 1906,
Melville W.. beloved 'son of Benjamin and
Hannah Lehman, and beloved broher of
Jessie, Florence and Sylvan Lehman, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2» years 11
months and 27 days.
E7"Fnneral and Interment private.
LEVY— In this city, February 19, 1905. Sam-
uel Levy, a native of London, England, aged
67 years 8 months and 2 days.
lL^"Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 a, m., from 864 Folsom
street Interment Salem Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streeta at 11:30
a. m.
MARSHALL— In this city. February 20. 1906,
Joseph C. Marshall, beloved husband of Mary
A. Marshall and father of Lome, John, Leo-
nora and R«y Marshall, a native of Rich-
land County, Ohio, aged 79 years 5 months
and 8 days.
ICTFuneral services will b« held to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 1 :S0 o'clock, at his late
residence, "416 Howard street. Cremation
private, Oad Fellows' Cemetery.
McDONOuGH— In Tucson, Ariz., February 18,
1905, Edward P., beloved son of the late
Peter and Ellen McDonough. and devoted
brother of Thomas P., Nellie G. and John J.
McDonough, a nati%-e of San Francisco. A
member of Court Twin Peaks No. 7556, A. O.
F., and the Brotherhood of Railway Train-
men.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:45 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, at 9:30 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Officers and members of Court Twin Peaks
No. 75. r >C, A. O. F., are requested to assem-
ble at Twin Peaks Hall at 9 a. m., sharp,
Wednesday, February 22, to attend the
funeral of cur late brother, E. P. McDon-
ough. By order
J. G. HOFMANN, C. K.
A. SMITH, Secretary-
McGOUGH— In this city, February 18, 1905,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Mary
McGough. and father of Rev. W. E.. John,
Kathryn Rose, Thomas, Dr. J. A., Eliza-
beth and Ella McGough and Mrs. E. G.
Waltz, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
(Ukiah papers please copy.)
%y Funeral postponed. Notice In Wednes-
day morning's paper.
McMAHON— In Santa Barbara, February 18.
1905. Thomas, dearly beloved brother of
Peter and Bernard McMahon, a native of
County Armagh, Ireland, aged 58 years.
C^Frlende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 866 Mission
etreet. thence to Bt. Ignatius Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his boul. commencing at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NYLANDER — In Alameda. Cal., February 18,
1905, John William, beloved husband of Anna
Nylander, and brother of E. E., G. A., J.
P. and Miss Ulrika Nylander of Sweden, a
native of Sweden, aged -to years 6 monthb
land 25 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, February 22, at 12 o'clock m., from
his late residence. 2261 Clinton avenue. Ala-
meda, thence to the Swedish Lutheran
Church, corner Tenth and Grove streets,
Oakland, at 2 p. m. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
RADONSKY— In Napa, Cal.. February 19.
1905, Jacob Radonsky, beloved son of Amelia
and the late Adolph Radonsky, and brother
of Mrs. Mary Edwards and Charles Ra-
donsky, a native of Missouri, aged 37 years
3 months and 20 daye.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock m., from Eagles'
Hall. 731 Market street, under the auspices
of Aerie No. 5, F. O. E. Remains at the
mortuary chapel of James Hasan & Co., 49-51
Duboce avenue (formerly Thirteenth street),
near Valencia street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
RITTER— At rest. February 20, 1905, Edward
T., beloved husband of Louise Rltter. father
of Edward T. and Elsa Rltter. son of Mrs.
Kate Ritter, and brother of John. Gustave
and Louis Rltter, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years 7 months and 20 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). from St. Johannes German
Evangelical Lutheran Church. Twenty-second
street, between Mission and Howard, where
services will be held, commencing at 1 :30
p. m. Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
SHIELDS— In Oakland, Cal., February 20, 1905,
Jennie, beloved daughter of John and the
late Margaret Shields, and sister of James,
John. Charles, Thomas and George Shields,
a native of Oakland. Cal., aged 18 years 8
months and 20 days.
IC^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 7CB Webster street, thence to
the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cem-
etery, Oakland.
SWEENEY— In this city, February 16. 1905,
Hannah Sweeney, beloved aunt of Mrs.
Michael Foley and Patrick Hurley, a native
of Bandon. County Cork. Ireland, aged 78
years.
It? Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass wfll be celebrated for the
lepose of her 6oul at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. February 15. 1905, in-
fant son of Harry and Mabel Smith, a native
of San Francisco.
THIES— In Oakland. Cal.. February 18, 1905
Caroline Thies, wife of the late Henry Tjßfcs,'
mother of Mrs. A. Erdmann of New Hfki
grandmother of Mrs. Lulu Wilson, great-
grandmother of Juanita Wilson, and sister-
in-law of Mrs. Richard Fiege and Mrs.
Johanna Thies, a native of New York, aged
t>7 years. (New York and Brooklyn papers
please copy.
(U.'Trieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
at 10 a. in., from her residence, 862 Kirk-
ham street, thence to the German Lutheran
Zion's Church, southwest • corner of Twelfth
and Myrtle streets. Interment at Mountain
View Cemetery.
TILDEN— In Berkeley, Cal., February 19, 1905,
at her residence. 2893 California street, Cath-
erine C. Tllden. beloved mother of Mrs. K.
M. Russell of Berkeley, and sister of Judge
Nathaniel King of Petaluma, a native of
Rochester. Mass., aged 89 years 5 months
and 23 days.
WALSH— In this city, February 18. 1905.
Thomas E.. beloved husband of Julia Walsh,
and father of Henry Mary, Ellen, Julia and
Frank Walsh, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 72 years A member of Har-
niony Alliance No. 15. St. P. A. of A.
—Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 a m.. from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for tha
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Harmony Alliance No. 15, St. P. A. of
America — The funeral escort will assemble
at 777 Mission etreet this at 8:45
a. m., to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Thomas E -Walsh.
F. A. O'BRIEN. President.
JOSEPH O'BRIEN. Secretary.
WBTDKER— Tn this city. February 1», 1905»
Rosina, dearly beloved wife of Michael
Weidner, and mother of Willie Weidner, and
sister of Mrs. A Keller Mrs. C. Goetz and
Frederick Klass a native of Wurtemberg,
Germany, aged 36 years 1 month and 9 days.
IL^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). February 21, at 1:30 p. m.. from
her late residence. 62 Elliott Park, off
Stetner street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WELLBROCK— In this city, February 19. 1905.
George H.. beloved son of George H. and
Emma Wellbrock, and beloved brother of
Louisa E. and Mabel A. Wellbrock, and
cousin of V. H. E. and Fannie Minnie
Koehler, a native of San Francisco, aged 2t»
years 1 month and 10 days.
JETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:45 a. m. from the family
residence, 909 Fillmore street. Interment
San Rafael, by 11 a. m. boat.
WILLIAMSON— In Oakland. Cal.. February
20. 1905. Beatrize beloved mother of Joseph
and Samuel T. Williamson. Mrs. J. C. Rose-
warne. Mrs. A. Kuster and Mrs. W. G.
Wright, a native of Monterey, Cal., aged 54
years 3 months and 17 days.
The annual solemn high mass of requiem
for deceased members of Ipnatlan Council
No. 35. T. M. 1., will be celebrated at St.
Ignatius Church on Wednesday, February
22, at 10 o'clock. Friends and relatives of
living and deceased membere are respect-
fully invited to be present.
Young Men's Institute — The annual re-
quiem mass for the deceased members of the
Young Men's Institute will be celebrated at
St. Mary's Cathedral at 10 a. m. on Wed-
nesday. February _. Friends and relatives
are invited to attend. Board of Manage-
ment. S. F. Council.
P. J. HAGAN, President.
A. J. SULLIVAN. Secretary.
The annual solemn high mass of requiem
for deceased members of Ignatian Council
No. 35, Y. M. 1., will be celebrated at St. |
Ignatius Church on Wednesday, February
22, at 10 o'clock. Friends and relatives of
living and deceased members are respect-
fully invited to be present.
JOHN F. LINEHAN, President.
'HAS. L. EBNER. Secretary.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirteen.
1000 Black Butta.. 42 1500 Red Top 88
500 Cent Eureka. .l 70 KXM) Red Top 40
1000 Columbia Mt. 62 0000 Rescua 10
1000 Esperanza.. Oltjl 100 Rescue 18
2000 Esperanza ... 0111000 St Ivea ....... 50
2000 Gldfld Red L. 0711000 Ton Ham* ... 21
6000 MacNamara. . 64! 1000 Too Home ... 20
SOO Mont Ton ...3 082000 Ton Midway. .1 26
800 Mont Ton ...3 101 500 Ton Mdway.l 2214
1000 Origr Bullfrog. 44 300 Ton N Star... 70
2000 Paymaster . . 05 1
2 p. m. Session.
1000 Black Ants . . 06|1000 Paymaster ... OS
200 Black Butte. . 30 1000 Red Top 80
2500 Goldfleld Ton. 04|2500 Red Top 40
3000 Gldfld Red L. 07 100 Ton Belmont.. l IB
1600 MacNamara.. 6512000 Ton Gold Mt.. 04
100 Mont Ton ...3 10|30<X) Ton Home ... 20
1000 Orig Bullfrog. 44130<>0 Ton N Star.,. 71
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.| Bta.Aolc.
Adams 16 19 Nev Goldfleld. 16 —
Black Butte. . 41 43W TTM Co — 16
Blue Bull ... 31 35 NY T Con M. — 15
Bullfrog Mm. "4 1 OOOrtfr Bullfrog. 43 45
Columbia Mt. — 65 Paymaster ... 04 OS
IMxie Mm ... 27 301 Ray Exten .. — 15
I Esperanza ... 01 02 Ray & O'Brien 06 —
Frisco Gold .. lf» —[Rescue 15 17
! GoMfleld B&B 10 — |St Ives 45 —
Goldfield Mhk lfi — iTon Belmont.. l 15 120
Gldfld Red t* 06 07 Ton EXten . . .4 50 625
Goldfleld SPk 15 — Ton & Gt W. 04 —
Jumbo M Co. 65 — Ton Gold Mt . . — 18
Kendall 40 41 Ton Home ... 1« 20
Little Ton .. 40 —Tn Miiwy.l 22*4 1 27W
X.ueky Tom... — 10 Ton of Nev.l2 00
MacNamara. . 64 65 Ton N Star. . . 70 72
Mlzpah Ex .. 16 —West End ... — 40
Mont Bullfrog 13 20
REAL ESTATE TRAXSACTIOXS.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20.
L*opol<J Neller to Minna Neller, lot on N
line of Union street, 176:0% W of Polk, W 25
by N 137:6; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Union street,
126:0% W of Polk, W 50 T>y N 137:6; gift.
Thomas Clark to Edward J. Clark, lot on S
line of McAllister street, 82:6 W of Franklin
W 27:6 by S 120: $10.
Eleanor C. Hooper to Central Trust Com
pany, lot on N line of "^llejo street 200 E of
Laguna, E 74:3 by N 13rT6; »10.
Caspar and Sophie Zwierlein to Charles and
Ann Noonan, lot on S line of Fell street 25
W of Fillmore. W 25 by S 66; $10.
Willette C. Johnson (by F. W. and A. F.
Bridge, trustee?) to Carrie E. Bridge. 1976 D.
15S. lot on N line of Fulton street. 250 W of
Scott. W 26 by N 137:6, trustees' deed; $1472.
Charles W. Fischer to Catherine A. Fischer,
lot on W line of Scott street, 137:6 S of Bddv,
S 24:8 by W 100; $10.
Sarah A., Mortimer C. and Sadie K. Dewitt
to Belle S. Macdonaid, lot on E line of Baker
street, 130 S of Lombard. S 25 by E 106:5; $10.
Joseph 8. Anderson to Frank L. Carpenter,
lot on S line of Clay street, 67:6 E of Walnut
E 26 by S 102:8,4- $10.
Rountree Home Building Company to Alexis
Speshneff, lot on W line of Shrader street, 200
S of Carl. S 25 by W 100; $10.
Citizens' Buildlug and Loan Association to
H. Fred Suhr Jr.. lot on SW line of Tenth
street. 50 NW of Bryant, NW 25 by SW 100;
also lot on NW line of Bryant street, 105 NE
of Tenth. NE 25 by NW 85; $10.
Albert H. Leaf to Alice Leaf, lot on W line
of Xanders street, 160 N of Fifteenth, N 25
by W 125; gift.
Bartholomew and Barbara Ney to Martin F.
and Annie A. Ney, lot on N line of Twenty
fifth street, 110 W of Castro, W 25 by X
114; $10.
Harriett H. and L. H. Moise to Ella M.
Flint, lot on N line of Eighteenth street, 69
W of Douglass. W 22 by N 85; $10.
John Center to Edwin Schwab, lot on SW
corner of Lombard and Montgomery streets
W 137:6 by S 137:6: also lot on SE corner of
Chestnut and Kearny streets, E 183:4, S 68:9
W 91 :S. S 45:10, W 91:8, N 114:7; $10.
Madge H. and George L. F*lsh to George D.
and Frank M. Greenwood, lot on SW corner
of Bush street and Grant avenue W 66. S
63. W 41:6. S 5, W 22:11, S 58 E 130:5.
N 126; |10.
James A. Commerford to Mary A. Commer
ford. lot on 8 line of California street, 80 E of
Hyde. E 28:9 by S 137:6; SlO.
Benjamin and Hilda Levi (Strassman) to
Joseph Pilger. lot on N line of Post street.
161:6 W of Hyde. W 25:4 by N 137:6; $10.
Leopold Neller to Minna Neller, lot on SB
corner of Clay and Kearny streets S 43:3 by
E 42:6; dft.
Joseph and Florence Herold to Conrad Her
old. lot on SW corner of Welch and Zoe
streets. W SO S 80, E 20, N 40 E 60, N
40; Eift.
Kate Donohue or Donohoe to Elvira Rix
ford, lot on NW line of Minna street. 130
SW of Fourth, SW 20 by NW 80: also lot
on NW line of Minna street, 150 SW of
Fourth, SW 0.4 by NW 80: $10.
Catherine Borden to Joseph Baer lot on SE
line of Folsom street, 100 SW of Fifth SW
50 by SE 90; $10.
Charles Monson to Jacob Rothschild, lot on
E line of Vermont street. 125 S of Twenty
second. S 25 by E 100; $10.
Mary A. Morton (wife of Howard) to Frank
S. Bunker, lot on S line of Twenty-second
street. 50 W of Georgia, W 25 by S 100; gift.
Sarah McNeil to James L. Day. lot on W
line of Seventh avenue. 125 S of Clement
street. S 25 by W 120: $10.
Kt-tate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma I* Mer
ritt, executrix) to John D. McCarthy, lot on
E line cf Forty-fifth avenue. "J0« S r( A street,
N 141, E 105:5. SW 152. W 55:5: $1650.
John D. McCarthy to McCarthy Company,
lot on E line of Forty-fifth avenue 29R S of
A street. N 141. E 10T>. SW 152, W 55:5: $10.
Bay District Land Company to Jamer H.
Plnkerton and Frank O. Richardson, lot on E
line of Second avenue, 175 S of C street, S 25
by E 110; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Walter Sweetman,
lot on E line of Forty-sixth avenue, 250 S of
H street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
Albert Meyer to Kate F. Corrigan, lot on
W line of Eighteenth avenue, 225 N of I street,
N 25 by W 120; $10.
J. W. Wright and Sons Investment Com
pany to John M. Loane, lot on W line of For
ty-seventh avenue, 200 S of T street. S 25 by
W 120; $10.
John M. Loane to M. C. Duffy, same: $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to James C.
Kane, lot on W line of Anderson street. 351
S of Eugenia. S 49 by W TO, lots 276 and 277,
Gift map 2; $10.
Julia Brown to Cornelius D. and Julia
Courtney, lot on NW line of Preclta avenue,
300 NE of Folsom street, NE 60 by NW 148,
P. V. 55: $10.
Julius C. Rels to Tlllle Elslng. Jot 16. block
4, Reis Tract, grant.
S. Ducas Company to Antoine DettHng. lot
on SW line of Precita avenue, 240 NW of Fni
som street, NW 25 by SW 75, lot 9, Ducas
Tract; $10.
Homer S. and Mittla B. King to McCarthy
Company, lots 10, 25, 37. 38 to 44, block 6,
Lakevtew; $10.
Ann O'Brien to Catherine F. Donohoe. lot on
N line of Powell avenue, 125 E of Mission
COOK BOOKS FOR CULL READERS
Cut out this coupon and mail to CALL office with your
remittance of 50 cents to pay cost of book, and if you are an
out-of-town subscriber send 35 cents additional to prepay ex-
pressage.
NAME ...., .* ■».■—..,. H
ADDRESS a~ . . ~
THE CALL'S TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK
BOOK is the best cook book on the market. Only CALL
readers are entitled to this premium rate.
street, old line (103:6 E of Mission street,
line). E 25 by N 120. P. V. 352 and 353. *li>-
Builders' Contracts.
Thomas K..Kelley (owner) with Thomas F.
Mitchell (contractor and architect)— All wont
for a two-story frame building (flats) on ioi
on W line of Spruce street; 107:7>4 S of Sac
ramento, S 25 by W 112:6: $5500. .
Charles Roller (owner* with Gustav Peter
son (contractor), • architect Arthur T. Ehren
pfort—All work except gas fixtures, shades,
gas logs and electric work for a three-story
frame building (flats) on lot on E line of Noe
street. 125 S of Fifteenth. S 2i>. E 146:11.
NW to point 125 E from Noe, W 125, Mission
block 102; $7200. • • ,;? >_ . _
Starr Estate Company (owners) with famine
Plating and Metal Works (contractors), archi
tects William Mooser and Edward G. B ol ' 6 *-"
Ornamental iron work for a seven-story brick
and iron and stone building on lot on E line
of Taylor street. 97:6 Mof Post N 10 -
E 01:8. S 45:10. E 13:4. S 40. ™ *05; $4800 .
A. S. Levin and Frederick Ellis (L«vin &
Ellis owners) with J. I. Mltrovich (contractor).
architect . All work for alterations to
stcre at 804 Market street: J1645.
Michael Rooney (owner) with William Lin
den (contractor), architects Rousseau & Son-
All work for a three-story frame building
(flats) on -lot -on N line of Fourteenth street.
100 W of Church, W 25 by N 100. Mission
block 99; $7840. ■ " _ ' ■ „._
The Balrd Estate (owners) with Judson. MM
ufacturlng Company (contractors), architects
Sulfleld s& Kohlbersr— Wrought and cast Iron
work. for* a seven-story and basement orlcK
building on lot on S line of Sutter ■*«*««:
127:6 W 0/ Grant avenue. W 26 by 8 Mi:
"same man with W. H. Wlokeraham (con-
Same owners with W. H. -Wiokeraham <co«
tractor), architects same — Carpenter work.
mill work, stairs, hardware, tinnia*. gal-ran
lwsd Iron and glaalng f or * same on same.
* ISal1 Sa l ownara with William T. Wilson Com
pany (contractors), architects same — StaaJß
heating for same on same: 81300. \
Sam« ovnin with same contractor, arohl
tc-ots same— fittin* and plombtng for sam«
on same; $6728. . ■ • ''•'_ —
Same owners wttn Ploodberg * McCaJrary
(eontraotorm). architect* aame— t4i_tesT and
plastering for sam« on same; $8248.
I/ATE SHIPPING I3fT_l_lOl_rC_.
ARRIVED. !
Monday, r*bmorr 90.
. Stmr Ab«rd««n. Hassan, 80 hours from As
toria. « •
Stmr Eureka, Jeesan. 82 hours from Ea
raka. _
Stmr Dei Nort», Payne. 67 boar* from Cres
cent City.
Fr bark Neullly. Salaun, 15« day* from Car
diff, via Cherbourg 147 days.
•. DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWN6END- Passed in Feb 20—
•tmr Forest Brook, from Moji, for Seattle: schr
Taurus, from San Pedro, for Port Gamble.
ABERDEEN— SaiIed . Feb — Stmr Che
halla. -for San Pedro.
Arrived Feb — Stmr Coronado, hence Feb
16; schr Mcl rose, from Redondo; schr Falcon,
hence Feb 11. -
LEVY DENIES THAT HE
RECEIVES CONTRIBrTIOXS
Deputy Health Officer Resents Charge
of Supervisors That Fellow Em
ployes Make Up His Salary.
Deputy Health Officer Louis I>vy
denies the charge made by the Fin
ance Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors that he Is being: paid a
monthly sum by several physicians In
the Health Department, owingr to the
fact that his salary is being: held up
pending a decision of the Superior
Court as to the validity of his employ
ment. The committee was prepared
to begin an investigation into the mat
ter at its meeting yesterday, but the
presence of newspaper reporters for
some reason prevented the inquiry.
Levy was present and anxious to deny
the charge, which he declares to be
not founded on fact. The inquiry was
indefinitely postponed. Speaking of
the matter. Levy said:
The Finance Committee thinks it has dis
covered that my salary is being made up by
monthly contributions from other employes of
the Health Department. Tne charge ta absurd,
and is evidently made to prejudice the case
now before Judge Slos», involving the legality
of appointments by the Health Board. When
the case was on trial evidence was given that
I was obliged to borrow money from A. Ruef
and others, in view of the fact that I was not
permitted to draw my salary. I also do some
outside work for newspaper, and In that way
pay my personal expenses, despite the holding
up of my salary which I am earning from
the city. Not one of the physicians of the
Health Board 4a making me any monthly dona
tion, and I am prepared to show the Finance
Committee that its charge is absolutely false.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. \
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbnron Terry, root at Market Street.
Saw pbancisco to SAW ba?_&.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
I 8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:40. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3 a
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAJEI. TO BAN I>B_ffCZBCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:OS. 7:35, 7:50, 9:20. U:l»
a. m. : 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. ■ -
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904, | , San Fran.
Week I Bun- I Destina- I Sun- I -Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. I Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a ~ 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a ' - lgnacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
' 3:30 p 3:30 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p| 5:00 p 7:35 p
" 7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. - 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
~ 7 -30 a ■- ; ' 10:40 a] 10: 20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p I
' "" Windsor, .
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
' ■ -- ' Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:35 p 8:20 p
Cloverdala.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p( 3:30 pi acd Uklah. [ 7:85 p 6:20 p
I . I Wlllits and j j
7:30 a] 8:00 a[ Sherwood. I 7:35 pi 0:20
7:30 al 8:00 a! ~" 110:40 ailO:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Ghieroeville. I 7:35 pi 6:30 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma.. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 pi 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:03 p| 6:20 9
7:30 at 8:00 al - T~"T ~" 110:40 a; 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect .at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Sprints; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Bprtngs; at Cloverdale tor the Geysers, Boon*.
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvtUe. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakepcrt. Bartlett
Brrin«s and Lake County Hot Springs; at
rkiah for Vichy Springs- Saratoga Spring-
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day",
Riverside, Lierly's, Bucknell-s. Sanhedrta
Heights Hullvtlla.'Orr's Hot Springs. Halfwa,
House. . Comptche, '- Hopkins, Mendoclno City
Fort Bragg. Weatport and Usal: at Willlta for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for CahtO, Covelo, Laytonviiie. Cummtnn 1
Bell's Bprin«B, Harris. Hubbard. FruitllaU*
Dyer. Garberville, Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. " ___
JAR L. FRAZTER. R. X. RTAJ»,
Gen. Manager. Gen. : Pass. Ajrt.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
BCAU TORNjAU mJt_D|
■CHICAGChn 3 days!
1 LEAVES DAILY ATS3O A.M. I
_ WITH o iNt:BSA '! <P3L ';l'!.^,Mß; l '!.^,MB
Other Santa, To Trains:
| 7:30 a. eb. ! ■' _ 1
: 9:30 a. m. I For Stockton. Fresno. Bulls is— ld.
, 8:00 p. m.j Merced. Hanford and Vlsalia.
; 4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
I Ticket Offices— 6s3 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.; also 27 Sooth First. San Jos*.
Tiblas !•_ m) tad sure) 4 a»i
#X? atva FRANCISCO.
SAW FHAJtdfl©W»
Faav Tint* x »* l> ML
FmT T*apar
(T-* a* Mar *m. — ■_»
>ia?i - MAIN LINE. - AMrn>
7.80 a —esmaao. for* Costa, Valleja,
V»e»»llJe, "Winter*. Baa»*ey,3a*-
■_. Sestet*. Bbnlra sad B>ssa
en to (via 9aaa Jwwtioa), 7 M^m
7JBA Da»l*. Woodiaaa, TatajMs Laartassj,
Marysnna, Or— TJOs»
7 XOaa, riaaaaaaoa, _*•*— K>»a,
Tracy. La»h to*. Beo*am . TUOBm
7 -30 a Skaata _presa— Ota sOea, 8a«r»-
meiw and D— »•>. wnifrsas.
' Willows, fF-wo. lied «_. Port-
land. Tacoaia, Se*«l9... . tV_»
7450 a Atlantic Bxpi— (TU Port Ooata,
archies. Tracy. Stoaktaa, Bear*
neiW). Ofdea _d Kaai _ M— >
8-OOATallajo. 3»pa, Cat Won. Ba_
Roaa, Martinez. S»a Ramon..... %JB}m
•-3{)a (OotBK via Mart—a* r«t— olb« v_
X. MUes), Tracy. Sloekiaa. «aw-
m— . Los B— aa, M«_a«a, A*-
moaa, Haaford. Ttaa_, ParMr-
T_s — - «3»
8450* Tort Costa. Mar— ea. AsSioelk.
By—a. La—rop. Modesto, Mar-
cad, Fresno, doaben Jaacttost.
Haaford, Vtsalii. Bakers fleta ... «•*»
•JOa Vile*. Baa Jos«.Plea<»_>Oß. Uf»
more. Stockton. (•• Milton), LmU*
Valley Sprtsib lose. Baenm«aCav
Muryrrlllfi. Colco. Bed Bluff «_>
• JOa OAkdaie. Chlaes*. Jamesto— L »o>
■■■ corn. Tnoltrmae *nd Aagels . ..„ 42_>
•Ma The Overland Limited — O«*Ua»
Omaha. Calca«o. Dearer. Sum*
City - — «— •»•» 1
9JO a Richmond. If— tines and Way
Statloa* — US*
10MAT«Uej«, daily; 71 spa. Bnaday... — *-*•»
10.00 A Angaiaa P_ aasrar — Part
• • Costa. Martlae*. Byron, Traef.
Latorop. Merced, Raymaaa. '
Fresae, Oosh«o Jaaeitoa, Haft-
ford. L«m««re, VltaJU, Bakaia>
■eld. Los Angelas 7.MP
10.00 A El Paso, X—mm City. St. Lotda
•ad Chicftiro 7-50»
12.00* Hay—. rd. Nlles sad Way Statlaaa. 9-2O»>
tl -OOP Sacramento Rlrer Steam et_...... riIJJOP
2 SOP Port Costa. Vallejo. Naps. Snlsaa.
Reaiela, Klmrr*. Winters. Sacra-
mento. Woodland, X nights
Landing. M*ry«TllleaiHi OrorUla 14*50*
SiSOP Hsyward. Xllei. Pleasantoa.Llver-
more and Way Stations 7-20*
3.30 Port Cos.*, M«rt(»M, BTroa,Tr»cy.
Lattrop. Modesto, Merced,
Berenda and Fresno 12-20*
440* 1 Martinez. R»moa.ValleJo,9apa,
Call ■ Cogs, Baataßoas. ... ■ 9.20 a
4 Harvard. Nlles, LlTennoT* .•} jjfUj
»00p The Owl — N«vbu, Los
Banes. Mend ->t*. Fresno. Tnlara,
Bakersflelo. Lot Angeles 4VMa
149* Golden State Limited — Xl Paaa.
Kansas City, St. Louis aad
Cnlcago ill*
&40P Reno Pajseager— NHas (Irvlngvm,
San Jose;, LtTeraore. Stockton.
Lodl, Gait. Sacramento. Spark*.
\ Tonopah, Goldfield and Keeier.. t-10-*
tB J0» Haywanl, Nile* sad San Joaa ...^. 7-20.*
tf-30* Vallejo. Port Costa. Martinez ..... 11 20*
6.OQP Hayward, Nlles »ad San Josa 9 50*
t4OP Xaatern Kxpreis— Omaha. Chicago,
. l>enTer. Kansas City. St. Louis.
Martinez, Scoclttca. Sacramento.
Col fax, Reno. Sparks. Moatello.
Onden 12.80»
f74Q* Richmond. Vallejo. S_ Pablo. Port
Costa, Martinez anil War Stations 11.20 a
744* Oregon * California Express— (Via
Martinet and Stockton) .■»«,--
■ -■ ■ - ■•aaaoto. - Hurctlla. Raddlnsv
Portland. Puget Souad »ad Km;. 10 24 A
tB-06s< Bsrward, Nile* and San Jose (Sn»-
day only) and Way Stations...... tl 1-504
COAST LINE (-larr.w tiaaajak.
v (Faat of Uarfcat Street.)
B.lBa Newark. Ceatar-vtlie. Saa Jos*. -"*
Feltoa. Boulder Creek. Santa
Cruz aad Way Stactosa ' 5-54**
12.14* Newark. Ceaterrllle. Saa Jose. *
New Aim ad en. Lorn Felton,
Boalder Creek. Santa eras aad
Prtaeipai Way Station* tl 3-55*
4.lB*H*wark. Baa Jmt, Los Gatoa... j '^SSa
30p Hunters' Train ( Saturday only) —
_ San Jose and Way S felons i 7.25»
COAST LINE (HrMd baa*.).
t— ~ (Talrd and Tomteßd Street*.)
1 8-1 0a San Jose ana Way Stations., 1335
7. 00 a San Jose aad War Station* (44*
■■00a New Almadea iTue».. Frid.. only). 4,10*
• 00a The Coaster— San Jose. Saltnaa,
■-'.«^- San Ar«1o, Paso Rubles. Santa
Margarita. San Lola Obispo,
Guadalupe. Gaviota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Ba«n*Tea;or»,Oxaard»
Burbank, Los Aa fro lea . 13-39*
440 a eilroy. Hoi lister. CastroTllle. Dei
, Monte, Pacific Orore, Sort, Lo_ ■
poc T9.9ob>
8.06 a Ban Jose, Tre* Pin Watson
Capltola. SaaU Cms, Pacific
GroTe, Salinas. San Lais Oaisp*
.___ ana Principal Way Station*. ... 4.10*
18 JOa Baa Jose and Way Stations 1.14*
11 -30 a Sam Jose and Way Sutlons ... 7JO^
2 .15 (» San Jeie and Way Station* , a — .
5-OOPDeI Monte Kxsreas— Clara, "
Ban Jove, Wata t • a ▼ ! ! '. Saata
Cms, Del Moat*. Mob Carey.
Pacific QroTa «_ lS**
*300» Los Quo*. Wrl«h«. Bavid er Creek,
Saata Crui. tU Pant* Clara a_
Narrow Gange ...... . -ff iHa
8J0*V»l-nc<« St.. Sooth San riMuliss'. "" '""
- BarlinKame, San Joae, OBroy, .
Hoi lister. Tret Ptaoa ;....... T«.<S*
4 JO* Saa Jose and Way Station* ITS?
l 6 OOp Santa Clara. S»a Jose. Los O- aa. ""**"
and priaetM! Way SUtiaaa +aaa A
16.30p Baa Jose and Way Stadaw _SI
s 4Sp Siunset Kxpress.— Redwood. Saa * w^~"
"• . Jesa, eiiroy.dattnaa.Paso HoMea.
San Lota ObUs*. Santa Barbara, .
Loe Angeles, Deaalac — Paaa>
New Orleans ...—..—... **•_
544* SI Pmo, Kaaaas CHy. St. Loalß.
8.45P Pa3ar»^wi£soiVn"hC**Ua*JYt V£_ _ _■-
6.45pP»J»t», WatsoaTilK Ceaftola, wm ~ m^
Santa Cnu. Caatrorma, Del
■ _ _Moat«. Pmclae Grove . I*|_r
16-iiP M*teo,Bere*for«.Belmoat.Saß T^^
Carlos. Redwood. Pair Oaka.
m_. Menlo Park. Pal» Alto TSJ«*
•Jop San Joae aad Way SUaoaa. AJt*
8 OOp Palo AIM aad Way 9iarto_; ..."'. li-il*
1 1 .30 South Saa Praadsoo, M Ulbi_. B— •
Ungame. Saa Mateo, Belaiont.
, San Carlo*, Redwooc. Pair o*_ ,
-»«»» -. Menio Park, aad Paio ... *%JOm
all3oPMay««ld, Mountain View. S_ay-
▼aie. Lawrence. Saata O— % aad
Ban Jose rS^46»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
_mm » < Foot of Market St.)
17.14 a.m. 8.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
. 1.00 p.m. ».oo p.m. -is>. m.
,-_ A f * r Kara ing. : P for A furrows. •
•■«€ay exceptad- tBa*_ y •aly.
« tatarilay only. » Monday oajm.
t6M^e at al! stations _oa_S_naday A
Mhß^kx^^l To SAN RAFAEL.
■ ROSS VALLEY.
MILL VALLEY.
CAZADERO, Be
"*• SatisaUito VarrY
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco d<ulv ax rT-OS.
7:45. 8:25. 9:10. »:60. U:00 __.:_•„ 1 45
*:15. 4:35. 5:16. 5:50. 6.30. 7:15. 10:1 aid
11:35 p. ■ m. •'Wb'^VMtivMUtMiaßMshuMa
Arrive at San Francisco dally at t8 # *0 r*«
8:15. S:SO. 9:36. 10:50 a. m. ; 12:10. li^ IS
4:25. 5:06. 5:42. «:22. »:57. 7:40 and 11 _
p. m.
tDaily except Sunday.
For Fairfax dally at 7:43 a. m. • also Satur-
days at 3:15 p. m.. and daily except Batur_ S
and Sunday at 5:15 p m. : -*-»* — iur_.
THROLOH TRAIN —
7:45 a. m. daily — Cuzadero and way stations.
3.15 p. m. Saturdays only — Casadarow
etc. - 'i *«S£;i^
5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day for Tomales. etc ■- .
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market at.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Marks* it.
Mt Tamalpajs Railway
Lt. ha Ftm-mco j _»jn _ 1 ij. s*a *-iaasra
_ __g _nj*y«_j^ i^~^||^ ' 3unds-'j W'^yf_
~-- »:25a (KgSgHIJBB UJOr •10:50.4
»:sOa 8:5(>a0««1 V 3:55p 3:5>P
- • 11O "*'^_W 4 : MpJ_
1:45p 1:45W VttS' \9:tir' "***"6:""s'-i?
SawriaTs 4:35p ~Br jttari»Ts ll:l-f
-_■ -*T>» 6r*Tlty Car , " sttTua aipaj»to»_Ta&;
_«& I 65 ° MABMar ST..(North Shore Railroad:
•KOI J aad Sacsauto Fiuv Foot Market StCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Tovopah Stocks quirt. Other Stocks qteiet.
-street Stocks higher on the day. Cotton unsettled.
IV heat, and Barley Futures lower and Cask Barley also off.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted. Lima Beans still rising.
Hay weak and quiet. No change in Feed stuffs.
Butter moving oft well Eggs rather weak. Cheese firm.
No further change in the Provision and Meat markets.
Hops inactive here and in other markets.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged and featureless.
Poultry and Game well cleaned up and firm.
Sunny wtmth I improves the demand for Oranges. 'Apples quiet.
Exchange and Silver about as before.
I ISma MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb.,2o.— Money on call steady
•t 2ii@2V£ per cent, closing bid 2»4. offered
£Ms. time loans slightly firmer, sixty and
rir.ety days I per cent, nx month* ri^^Si*
per cent. Prime mercantile paper. 3%®4V*
ret cent. Sterling exchange weak, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 57.455T4 87.50
for demand and at $4 58.2504 85.30 for sixty
dsy bills. Posted rates, $4 86®4 **'—. Com
r-.erclal bil!«. $4 $s«<i 65%. Bar silver. «c
Mexican dollars, 47^c Government bonds.
si«*ady; railroad bonds. Irregular.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20— The stock market
ripmiustrated again to-day in a iking man
n<r its power o* resistance against adverse In
fl'ieners such as would have worked decisive
ly Ear a reaction in periods of past specula
tive activity. Ev*n the traditional prejudice
esamst high and active opening on Monday
morning -proved of no effect, although there
».is hesitation in this connection after the
urons Inc But the upward movement
we? retum-d at m» points and the strength
of the market established mor* decidedly than
befote. The incst obvious vi the influences
against the market was the rather discour
aging condition of th-e country's transporta
tion, discovered with weekly talks with traf
fic officials. This, following paralysis by
FTorni and blockades on many lines east and
west, and while progress was reported to
ward br^akinc the blockades it was not likely
th«t normal conditions would be restored for
n *ny tv-epki. A still further cut was made
in 'he rates for export grain. The gross
earnings of the second week of February
ehowen already quite clearly the effect of thes*
influences. Thesp wore the cause of a halting
an<S tlugglsh response to the first buoyant rise
in Union Pacific. Th* n- xt demonstration cen
tered in ite industrials, and it, was not
until late in the day ihat the railroad stocks
centrally came up. The active list was large
ly congested in I'nion Pacific and Southern
Pacific Ontario and Western and the United
titatPß Steel storks, the total in which was
ran quickly at the rate of 1000 to 10.000
shares in 'single blocks. All of the stocks
connect.^ with the Northern Securities merger.
or with the supposed plan of readjustment to
fellow the dissolution of the merger waa strong
In sympathy . Northern P<»curit*es Itself adding
fs»veral point? to its record price In the curb
market*. The heavy buying of United Stetes
• St«"*l ait«T a period of comparative dormancy.
fas attributed to banking interests near to
vh*> corporation, and the credit given to this
eupposif.on induced other buying of the stock.
Report* of negotiations for the merger of
Southern Iron companies grew more explicit
and that group of stocks was strong in con
,vqn»M. The taking over by the American
»»<difng Company of a mining corporation and
persistent assertions of a plan for compara
tive combination of Lead Interests explained
the strength of another group of stocks. Ru
mors of coming pcare were received from
abroad, and the continued decline in exchange
marked the culmination of the foreign demand
lor our gold. Call money her*, however, was
r»ther irmcr and there was inclination
among stock exchange house* to take out
time loens. with a resulting firmer tendency
in that department of rhe money market. New
York exohan?* 1 ct Chicago fell to a discount
Tor the flw* ■<»»•* One »ea*»n. ma-rklt.e- th«
.-lose of Uiat t-upply for New York reserve*,
Reports from Washington of a decision by the
President not to press railroad rate legisla
tion -it this cession of Congress was a factor
in the demand for Mock* among professional
operators. The Rtook market took the later
realizing pretty well, end the close was firm,
the net at th-e toy level of the day.
Bonds were irregular. Total sale*, par value,
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
Hem York Stock List-
E F Hutton - Co.. -itfi> California street.
Ban Francisco, members of the New York
gtock Exchanee. turnlsh the following otncial
quotations of that Exchange: ______
S&iee.; STOCKS^ J^' nn ' Low - 1 . Bid l li^ l L
Z~T.. . ' Adam* Express ■\-"--\-"--> :i i~' . '^
- AmalK Copper -1 <6 j .4 «ST»I <«>
Am Can Co I I W£ JO»
: 1)O Did I- 1 1 W I°*
"C^Ain Car &. Vy Co s ■ ■-■■. 34%- m- 34Mi
100 Do l>fd i _* »3%i Vi%\ 94
1.30i»A-m Cotton Oil.. , 36 | .-Si>4 35 j ;^^«
I Do pld .." I i »5 _
iAm Dist Te1.... 1 I IS- 3|
Am tiprca 1 »v j--»
, 9.m Am Gr Twine Co Mi 8 | it i *>
rw Am Hide & L... »Hi B^l ,2^! **
.1 l>o pld ----I I *'9i! * 8
' "£w American Ice ... 6Vi « « | 6%
-1,5 * - 4'""4
UW>m Linseed .... I<*4; \*>* WA\ »•
2.7<>0, Do pfd |39 1 3&H 3d 39
l7oo\±m locomotive-- 4i^| . ll
Do pfd 11l 111 IHI 112
,Am Malt ........ 1 1 1 'V 4; '%
, do ofd 1 i---'-l -^ I "^^
"V.«ioAin Sm & Rf Co| «3T»i tg»\b\^%\ »»Vi
reoo do pm ;n» iiisviiiis "s'/i
fSJo'Am Sugar |1« »«5 1444 144\
I Do pfd 1 i Lag I 140
'""soOiAm Tel ■ 1 Co. 145 144 144% 14.".
Amer Tobacco 4s; i j *ip\ •*
3,00«» Am Tob pfd (88 ( »6%| »•% »;H
30V>iAm Woolen i 24%) 24 2*\k\ -4i,
• * Do pid OS";! «*»4! 88% gH
4,900 Anaconda U>B% 105^, 10S lO»b
'Ann Arbor 35 40
I Do pfd "0 <5
'Vl40o!A T £ S F 88% | W% *fe%i b»H
4 500 Do ptd 102? i 102 102-^llO3
«.«OBalT & 0hi0..-. W»£ 104 I^SJIW*
4001 Do pfd I 67% 87% 87 07V4
Bey State Gas. .1 <*! %
"bOOO'B R T «3 «2% 62«*! 624
iUrook Vm Ga« ..... 210 215
700 Bruns D&. I 13H « 13 I 13%
".ißutterick Co .."..- 5» | «3
700iCanada Southern 70 ' 6»% 6»Hi 70
4ww Canadian Pacific 1 137% 1 187 137» 8 '.MT4
6400 C & O i 51* W>% 61%| .-14
WC I A «* «% 41^142
Do pfd 80 ' HR
!c & El pM I I li»^il43
'»9<Vi:C *G W j 24 1 -, 24% 24% 24",
2iO DO pM A «T- On* C 714 68
14001 Do PM B 26->i R8V 4 ' S6H 36%
•* N W
in 700 C V A. St P 11T8 176%|177%!178
rSo< Do rfd li» lifi»vi|iw%liap\s
. I* P <r.e-n) r»4-. . .".4*4
ion Do pfd «Hf 80T* W»-i' xo%
4tWChlca»o T*rm ..I IS^! IS^i U%\ 19
sOo' Dopfd ....... »4%! .'«>- S3 "33%
I.EooiChieaeo Un Trac 11%! llg 11' 12
TOG' Do Dfd 49 40 '49 150
t.V*'6 C C P * 8t L... 88% «%«*««?:
I Do cfd 1 I*2o 4121
:::::::jqeve lot & s u>f ' ins
I
■
•VK)' Do l*t pfd ... €3Xi\ 63 63 63%
9B Do V. pM .... 87% 57% 37%| 37%
3.MoCcn^ol Gas .... 200 205*. S»H MJ
• ir<cn Tt-b rrd I 134 li:?4»*
■•i.VW'Corn Pmfiucts .121 20^ 20H1 20^
-«?;, I>o pfd (78 f 77% { 77' i7H
1 4Cf»'l->el A Hudson :!182 \ 191 M, 102 102%
ID I; 4- P J. j 355 300
lj, &R n I j 132 33
■•i.K»i no prd ...... 83 fS7% w^fss
.... .a Detroit In Ry -•• ••■■■ 7|J» '%hi
I nOO! Detroit So 6% 1 CH «\ 7
«00 Do pfd ■- J i 32 -3314 S4U
Match 12S 12R4
•i.W'DisUl Secur ..-- 38% 88 ' 38% SSU
4001 Do bondu ■ ■ '•'■*. 15% '■'■ 75%
!Duluth SS& A. 15 10
•-^i do pfd siivMii ii% sn
riMXiErie 45H1 43% 45% 45H
I '.*:7<& m in pfd ... so% J9% sou mi
3 7001 Do 26 pfd .... <»*, 04 65% 65%
.......;e _: t h ■ • '' 70
I Do pfd - ' W 05
Y.'.Y.7.\a*n Chemical . 58 60
Do pfd 102 105
"i.V^Gen Electric ... W7« l«8»4;iS6 180%
400 Great No pfd .. 283 234 2*B 29S
Green Cons Cop 27% 25%
Havana Tob Co.. 37*4 ::«4
I Do r ,f<j ...... ..... ..... 45 47
""MOlHoek Valley .... 92 »14 «> f fli4
.. \ Do pfd : • fl lH °2
'1.-OO'nilnois Central . ISSJ* 157% 157^ 15S
70T.' Inter Paper .... 22J4 21% 21% 22%
1 rmnj Do pfd 77% 77% 77% 78
Inter Power--.... 73>i 73 73 73%
llnter Pump .... 38 S8
...... I Do pfd .■ ...'.. .-•♦• 86 87
:::::.Tfc2 Central ............. 29% ••
i TV- pfd 1 .-••• 1 86% 6«>4
, Kanawha A Mchl. ..... .-.. S "
.X.C T\S ft Mpfdl 1 92 I 85-,'
500!Kans City Bo ..I 32 , 31% 31*| 31 T $
3,300 Do pfd ! 07% 67 J « 67%; 67*2 '
Keokuk & D M., 14 17
Laciede Gas pfd I 95 100
200 Lake E & West. 37% 37& 37 ZiV*
..j Do pfd 91* 102
Long Island 60 • 63
6.70011. & N 11384 137% 138% 138% :
Mackay : ; | 142 V 43
Dr. pfd ( 75% 76 '
I. 2' «> Manhattan 173% 172% 172% 172%
100, Manhattan Beach 12 12 ill 14
Marine 13% 18%
Do pfd 34 35
4,nrWMet Securities... M*4 So>4 j 80% 81
I.6OoMet St Ry 121% 12014 , 120% 120%
4.Boo'Mex Central 23 ! 22% 22% | 22%
.Minn 4St L ' 1 58 J62
I Do pfd 1 88 | 02
700 MSt P & SSM.. 105U 105 105 105% ,
I Do pfa ..j ! 159
1,200! Mo Kan & Tex.. 31 30% 30% 31
1.200! Do pfd G*V* .64 64%
6.700 Mo Pacific 107 106% 106% 107%
|Xash C & Ft L 142 145
. 30.700: National Lead .. .Hit's 37% 37% If
2.40(>! Do pM 'Ill 1-*1 -* 109% 110 114%
IN RR of M pfd .. 41% 42
I 400: National Bls:uit. 57% 67% 67 > 57%
?im. Do r fd 116", 115% 116% 116%
400 x J Central .. .131) 199 199% 200
500; NyN y Air Brake. .'l. r .::\ 153% 153% 154
11.400, N V Central 1148% 1*6% 147% 147%
X T C 4 St L 44 45
j j Do Ist pfd 110 120
[ I Do2dpfd ! 75 I 77
SOON V Dock 24% 24% 24% 25 V;
I N t N H& H 203 207
i 103,600 N V Ont & W. . 54% 61% 54 64%
2,700 Norfolk & West. 83% 52% S3 83%
, I Do pfd * I 92% 94
400 North American. 1«2* 4 102 101 102%
Nortliern Secur.. ll«.U 4 161 I«l% 161%
700<Omaha 2"<> ,200 200 202
I I Do pfd i 1 200 204
O S L 4s I ».. 97% 08
Pacific Coast ' 93 94
' Do Ist pfd ( | ■ 9.1 M
I Do 24 pfd ; M 97
s,4oo!Pacifie Mai! .... 48% 1 47% 47% 4S
(3.900 R R C 0.... 130% I»»U 159% 139%
300iPeoples* Gas !«>7' 4 10«% 1 *; 7 * 107
i ]' Marquette pfd 101% 102
' [• C C&Pt L pfd| M *>-
Do r>fd . ...lIM 111
S.7oo!Press*d St Car.. 87% 37 37% 37%
1,100! Do pfd BS% 88 88% 89
COOJ Pullman Car Co. 242% 242 242 244
l,nmßy St Springs Co 35% 36 35% M
:;0O Do pfd '07 >? 97% M 98%
82.900' Reading S»s%| 93% 'M\ 94%
I Da Ist pfd '■ |... 91% 92
| I Do I"! pfd |..... 90 90%
13.700iRepublic I & S.. 19%! »8% 19% 19%
l.lOuj DO pfd 78 77% 77% 77%
400 Rubber Goods... •.■<', 26% 28 26%
3001 Do pfd ... 197 M '-'.>. > 97
B.OOOJSIoss Bh S&l Co. 79% 75% 78% 79
."fit' Do pfd 1110% 109 110% 114%
! St J& G I ■ 16 17
I I Do let pfd 56% tiO
I Do 2d pf d 27 29
jStL &SF Ist pfß 77 79
I Do 2* I'M 71", 70%
400! st L & S W ... 20 20 25% 26%
1.200' Do pr<i '•-•: « '•-;. «2% 62%
142.90O 1 Southern Pac .. 63% 68% «S% •'" ,
200! Do ofd 121 120% 119% 120 ,
7. UK' Southern Ry ... 34% 34% 54% 34%
-300 i Do pfd 97% 97% 97% 97%
. Standard Oil ......../.;... 610 613
-4i-«iSMIvI«M-H. AT 1-«» 1% IV 1%
2L9ooiTenn Coal & I 52% SU,i &2% 82%
STexas PL T Co ...;...... 3S 40
2. 0f* 1 Texas Pacific .. 3WV4 35% 86 36%
. Third Avenue ... 132% 132% 131 132
'Toledo R & T Co 25% 26
Toledo St L & W 37% .37 88% 37
800 Do pfd 55% 56% 55% 55%
600 Twin City R T. 106 106 106% 106%
200 Union Bag & P. 10 10 10 10%
Do pfd 1 :. 74 75
154.000 Union Pacific ... 131 Vi 129% 130% 130%
4,9e0 Do pfd 101% 100% 101 101 ,
Do cony 4f 126% 126
United Copper . . ' 7 9
-GOjUnlted Rofß F3B 32% 32% 33%
500 Do Pfd 77T» 77% 77>i , 77%
|. Do is 89%. 90
7 ROC U S Cast Iron PS 25% 2f»% 2«%
1,400 Do pfd 85 84% 85 "';
U B Express 230 234
300 r X Leather .... 12% 12% 12% 12%
6Ooi Do pM 105% 104 105 105%
r S Realty & Cn 84 8S
6.900 US Rubber ... 41-, 4:; : , 4:'.', 44
1.000 Do pfd 114% 113% 113% 114%
114.100 U S Steel Cor... 33% »1% 33% 33%
4P WOl Do pfd 95% 94 V* 95% 95%
100 Va-Car Chem Co 38% 37% 38 39
200] Do. pfd 110 109% 1109% 110
400iWabaFh 23% 22% 22% 23
6001 Do pfd 46% 45% l 4UM. 46%
Do dfb Bs ..'...1 ■■' . 70%
Well* Fargo Ex 250 256
400! Western Union.. 83% 93Vi OS'/, 93%
. |W<^stlnghouse . /. 178 180
Do Ist pfd ... 190 192
1.100W&LE 20% 19 19 l»%
I Do Ist Pfd ... . 45% 46%
1 Do 3d nfd ..: 27 28
r.Oo;Wi»eoni>!n On.. 24% 24% 24% 24%
l.ioo! Do pfd : 63% 52% 52% 53
1,675,300 T0tal shares sold.
New York Bond.«. >
V S ref 2s re«. . 104 Japan 6b cert 101%
Do coupon 104%! l & X unified 45.10.'5
Do 3s reg 103%] Man con Bold 4«.10<J
Do coupon 103%!Mex Central 4?... 75%
Do new i- rCC-131% Do let mc 23%
T>o coupon ...181% Minn & St L 4b.. 08
Do old 4- r*"g-.105%M. X & Texas 45. 101
Do coupon 105%' Do 2d* 85%
Amer Tob 4&,... 7?VN"R of Mcx con 4s 83
Do 6s ....<!.. .116% NYC gen'3%6..100>.i
I Atch gen 4s 104V4 X .1 C gen 5s 135%
Do adj 4s 97 Nor Pacific 45... -.105%
, Atlantic C L 45.103% i Do 3s 77
Bait A- Ohio 45.. 105% Nor A tv con 45.104%
Do 3Us 95 JO 8 L refdK 45... 97%
Central of Ga 85.115% Pa cony 3%* 104T«
Do l<«t tnc 92% Reading gen 4« 102%
Do 2d inc.... 69 ST.& I M con 3*.118
Che? & Ohio 4%*.lf*>% SLA S-F f K 4<=. »1 -V,
Chi & Alton 3%5. S2%j«!t L S W con 4s. P2%
C B & Q new 45.100' lßeaboard A L 4s. 91
C R I * Pac 4s. 82%1R0 Pacific 4« 96U
"Do col r.« 97 l?o Railway - .*>«».... 1 1 «;
C.C.C & SLsrn 4«.103%1Tex & Pic i 5&..128
Chi Term 45..... 97%1T01. St I. & W 4s. 84
Colo Midland 4t>.. 75V,|Unlon Pacific 45.10,"i%
Colo * So 45.... 92%| Do cony 4? 130 M,
Cuba sf> «'ert:...107%1U 8 Steel 2.1 Ba.. 94%
Den & Rio G 4«.10li-Ci\Vabas'h Ist* 119
Dis=t Securities 5s 79V. I Do deb R . ma;
Erie prior lien 45.101% I Western Md 4s, ..S3 •
Do ren (» ..... «2*,'W & L Kri« 4«... !»4%
F W Ik D C l«t*.llo'4|Wl« Centra! 45... !H
Tlock Val 414*... 111%'
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con . 2*|trHtle Chief ..... fit
Alice 7.'.Ontario 3 75
!?rw» 2*>'Or>hir .7 00
Brun* Con 05'Phoonlx .- 09
Com Tunnel ... C9lPotr*l tr,
*"on Ol & V*. .. 1 05' Savage - '...■.. 30
Horn Silver .... 1 Cilsterra Nevada 4,1
Iron Sllv»r ! Oft! Small Hopes ..... SO
tiillTiTir Con 03|^--^ard I 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 33
Can loans 2^2-:.. Do pfd- 9S -
Time loans 3Vi Wosting Common. 88
Bonds — , ' i Mmmg —
Atchlson 4a 102% Adventure ........ 7
Do ad.l **.... — Allouez 21%
Mx Central 4«. . 74 iAmal Copper . ... 71
Railroads — [Amor Zlno .......11 :
AtchlEon 88% Atlantic 17
Do nM ....102 ; «i Blr.Rham ......... 32%
Boston & Albany.KS'/JlCalumct A Hecla.693
Boston * Maine. 176 trentennlal ....... 19%
Boston Eler 150 iCoiJper Range ... 71
Fitchburg pfd 143 iDom'Coal ....... «4%
Mcx Central 22%|FranWln ......... 11%
N Y. If IT ft H..ICM "Granby ...; r;i4
Union Pacific 130%'lale Rovale ..;. .'. ; 2f1%
Miscellaneous — I Mass Mining .... 12%
Amer Arj?<« CV.em. 21i4!MlehIgan ..14%
Do pfd 'Mohawk 54*',
Amer Pneu Tube. C%tMont Coal * Coke 414
Airier Sugar . . . .144«*]OId Dominion ... 27*;
Do pfd ir>,RVO<w>la feu
Amer Te'. & Tel . 145 IPamot 28%
Amer Woolen ...-24mOuincy ......110 "
Do pfd ........ ns%JPhannon 7%
Dora Iron * P... 'Tarn* rack ....... 1!W
Ed duet 11ium. .251 iTrlnlty .....16%
Oen F2»ctric ...1!«« It- : g brining 25
M*m raectrte...'. !*%tTT P Oil fl i^
Do pf-1 f>7 ITtah .'. 4"v,
Mn.o. Ga« .....". 44 Victoria ' r>M.
United Fruit ....114«i Wlnona ..: 13
Un Sho» Marh... Wolverine . ........ 117
Do pfd 35%!;.
I/ondon . Closing Stocks.
Cone money.. .90 11-16|N'*T Central.. ...1 SI %
■ Do. for acct 90%jNor & Western... 85%
. -'•■" :-■-' ■ . " '■'"" ' :.' ■■-.•■■' '• . - : - .: ' '"'. ': .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1905.
Anaconda V B% Do pfd ..:.. 944
Atchlson 90% Ont & Western... 53
Do pfd 105 Pennsylvania ..... 71%
Bait & Ohio 107 M Rand Mines ...:. 10%
Can Pacific .....141 Reading .......... 48 Vi
Ches & Ohio 82V4! Do Ist pfd .....<47%
Chi Great West.. 25 ; Do 2d pfd ...... 46
Chi. Mil & St P.ismfso Railway 34 T i
De Beers '. iBVi Do pfd 100
Den & Rio G 32% So Pacific ... 70%
Do pfd 80 Union Pacific 134 1\
Brie 45% 1 Do pfd .... 102
Do let pfd 82 |v S 5tee1....:.;.. 33
Do 2d pfd.. 66 Dopfd ........ 97 -
HI Central Wabash .......... 23%
Louis & Nash.... HI14! Do pfd 474
M. X & Texas... 31% Spanish 4s ....... 91%
Bar ellver— Firm; 28 11-16 d per - ounce. .
Money— 2%<^2« per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2% per oent and for three
months' bills 2% per cent.
_ Condition of the Treasury. . '
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— T0-day's state
ment of the treasury shows available cash bal
ance, $130,120,537; gold, $50, 721,249.
Xew York Cotton Market.
NEJW YORK, Feb. 20. — Spot . cotton . closed
quiet 25 points lower; middling uplands, 7.90 c;
middling gulf. 8.15 c; Bales. 200 bales.
Futures opened steady; March. 7.75 c; May,
7.67 c; June, 7.66 c; July, 7.67 c; August, 7.CBc
bid; September, offered 7.70 c.
Futures closed steady; February. 7.53 c;
March. 7.53 c; April. 7.49 c; May, 7.48 c; June,
7.61 c.
There was a good deal of covering by shorts
this morning, especially In March, this month
celling up some 20 points, but on the advance
bulls were free sellers for profits • and - the
market broke badly. There were all kinds of
rumors as to a squeeze in the March option.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,400; exports, SSOO barrels. Steady, with a
better Inquiry. . : - . - ; - . :
WHEAT— Receipts, 9700 bushels; exports.
23,500. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, nominal ele
vator, and $1 22'^ f. o. b. - afloat. The wheat
trade was unsettled to-day. Final prices were
Me to %c lower. May. $1 16@1 17%, closed
$1 IC%; July closed at $1 05%.
HOPS— Easy. '
HIDES— Firm." "
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Quiet. .
SUGAR — Raw. firm: fair refining, 4Uc; cen
trifugal. 96 test, sc; molasses sugar, 4%c. Re
fined, firm. •
COFFEE — Quiet. Futures closed steady
at a decline of 10@15 points. Total sales,
124,000 bags, including: March, 6.88®6.80c:
May. 7.10@7.20c: July, 7.30@7.40c; September,
> 7.650; October, 7.10 c; December, 7.7f><3>
7.85 c. ' /
1 DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market was
firm. Common are quoted at 4<?sV.»c; prime,
6%®5%c; choice, •i«f«4c, and fancy at 7c.
PRUNES— Attracted better attention and are
reported to be hardening In price, but still
range from 2c to 54c according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are offering sparingly. Choice,
10-?rl04c; • extra choice, ll@l2c and fancy,
ll^@lsc.
PEACHES— SeIIing in small lots at the late
prices. Choice are quoted at J>4<?Tinc: extra
choice, 10H@10»4c, and fancy. llW«12r
RAISINS — Are without material change. The
demand has Improved slowly. Loose Muscatels
are quoted at . 4 (fffii, 4 r: London layers, $1 05
@1 20; seeded raisins, s%@6?ic.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— London tin mar
ket was higher at £131 7s «d for -spot and
£130 Hi? for futures. Locally the market was
quiet, but steadily held, with spot quoted at
$28 75«28 25. .
Copper remains unchanged locally, with pro
j ducers still firm in their views, although it Is
reported that a few outside lots can be pur
i chased slightly under the quotations given,
i Lake is held at $I.*. 50; electrolytic at $15 37%
QIC 50. and casting at $16916 25. Th ■ Lon
don market was a shade higher at £68 5s
for apOt and £08 12s (3d for futures.
Lead also was higher in London, ciosinc at
£12 Ks 9d. Locally the market is unchanged,
with spot quoted at $4 4. r >@4 60. .
Spelter was unchanged at $6 10®6 20 In the
New York market, but was lower at £24 10a
in London.
Iron closed at 53s in Glasgow and at 47s
li;i,,,i in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron is firm.
Visible Grain Supply. ..
NEW YORK. Feb. 20— visible supply
of grain Saturday. February 18, as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange, is as
follows: . ' - .. ■- - - • .
- Wheat. 3.7,458,000. bushels; decrease. 640,
000 bushele. Corn, R.84ti,000; decrease, 1,658,
000 bushels. Oats. 17.6O1.COO; decrease. 2U2.000
bushels. Rye. 1.770,800 bushels; decrease, 44.000
Barley 5,345, bushels; decrease. 234,000
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. — At the opening the
vl;...at market showed some signs of firmness
in sympathy with higher prices at the last.
July was up %@V4c at $1 oi^gi 01%. May
was a shade higher to 14<H4c lower at $1 190
1 19>4. Crop damage reports from the West
formed the basis of strength in the wheat
market. Statistics were of a bearish nature.
The world's shipments were considerably in
excess of those a year ago, the amount of
wheat on passage showing an increase of over
two million bushels. Immediately after the
opening commission-houses began to sell May
and the price dropped to $1 18%. With short
covering the market gradually recovered. The
highest point of the day in May was reached
at $1 19%. During the last part of the s#s-,
Bion the market was affected by weakness/^lt
St. Louis and Minneapolis. Likelihood of an
ircrease in movement resulting from milder
weather was the main reason for lower prices
in outside markets. The close was rather
weak, with May off %@%c at $1 18%. After
touching: $1 01 % July closed }&c lower at
n oi?4.
A number of prominent commission-houses
were persistent sellers of corn throughout the
entire session. May closed %@Hc lower at
4(-W@4o%c . .
Oats were very quiet. May closed unchanged
at 30% c.
Provisions were a trifle easier owing to
liberal receipts of live hogs. May pork closed
6fr7V&c lower. lard and ribs were each off
a shade.
The leading futures ranged as follows-
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat. No. 2—2 —
May 1 194 1 19% 1 18% 1 18%
July 1 OH,* 1 02% l 01% l 01%
September . 92& 03 92% 92«
Corn. No. 2— * . ■ 78 ,
February 43% 43% 43% 43%
May «*£ 40% -40% ■ 4(1%
July 47% 47% 46% 47
September 47% 47% 47U 47«
Oats, No. 3—3 —
February 30K,
May -30% 30% 30% .30%
July 30-% 30% 30% 30%
September . 29V* 29% 29 29
Mess pork, per bbl —
February .... .... 12 60
May 12 80 12 SO 12 75 10 771*.
July XX 12 90 12 90 12 87 12 90
Lard, per 100 lbs—
February .... .•. . . .... 6 6214
May :. 090 6 92% 690 690
July .....". .7 00 7 02% 700 7 02%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— .
February .... .... 6 65
May 6 S2H 6 82% 680 . 6" 82%
July ........... .... .... — r, «.-,
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, • steady;- No. 2 - Bnrine
wheat, $1 infill 20- No.- 3. $1 08@l 18- No ' 1
red. $1 IS%S!:i 20%; No. 2 corn. 44V.c'- No "
yellow. 44',. ■: No. 2 oats, 32c: No. " 2 white
32% c; No. ;; white. 31% c; No. 2 rye 76fi77c'
good feeding barley. 38c: fair to choice malt
ing, 47^4Sc; No. 1 . flaxseed, SI 18; No 1
Northwestern, $1 26; ; mess pork, ; per bbl
$12 62%ff112 05: lard, per 100 lbs, $(! 72%@C 75
short ribs sides (loofe), $0 02%@6 75; short
clear sides (boxed), $6 75(50 87%; whisky
basis of high, wines, $123; clover, contract
grade, *12 60. •
Article*— Receipts. Shipments
Flour, bbls 1 5.200 . . 8 000
Wheat, bu 210.000 61*400
Corn, bu ..............'... 854.000 101.000
Oats., bu .:.... 91,400 123,500
Rye. bu 200
Barley, bu .... . . . . . .'. .- . . . .253,900 11,400
. Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Feb. 20.— 0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the ; butter j market was firm
cieameries. 24@-29c; dairies. 24c. ■: Eggs easier -
at mark, case* included, 22@27c;. firsts, 27c'
prime 'firsts.-. Me; extra, 31c. Cheese' firm'
12513i4c - ',;.- ■ :■■ :'■:: ;. .:.-. ■.. ,- •> . . ,V
ELGIN. 111.. Feb. 20.— Butter ruled firm to
day, selling .at »4c a pound van advance of
2c from last week. Sale* In the district were
421,000 pounds.", -O . • y .
CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
■ Chlcaico. .'
'CHICAGO, Feb. . 20.— CATTLE—
81 .000: s@loc lower. '■ Good to - prime steers'
$5 COS**; poor to medium, $3 85@5 65; stofkers
and feeders. $2 40@4 30; > cows, $1 25®4 BO
heifers, $205; canners,' «1 3B©l 66; bulls. $2fz>
4; calves, $3 50®8 50. - ; "
— Receipts, 45,000: ;, to-morrow, esti
mated. 30,000; steady > * Mixed ' and ' butchers,
$4 7CWSM 95; good to choice heavy, $4 fl.'i'S'ft 02 ■
rough heavy. $4 Cs®4 70; : light, %$4 6R<g4 83;
bulk of sales. $4 80@4 00. •>.•.>- .
SHEEP— Receipts, •; 28.000; ! cheep : and ' lamb»
lOS 15c lower. Good to choice - wethers, $5 <>, r i'(|>
6 10; fair to choice mixed,- $4 60@5 50; Western
aheep\ r ; $4 70Sr6 16, native lambs, $5 73@8;
Western . lambs. $5 75©8. ;V '
• Kansas City.
: KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 20.— CATTLE—
. •:■: . ■..-■■ . - ■■-■■■■-• . ■ ■ ' ■
Receipts. 11,000; ! steady •to 10c ' lower.".' Native
steers, $3 75@5 65;. native • cows- and heifers,
$1 75©4 50; stockers and feeders, $3@4 30; bulls,
$2 25®8 75; calves.' $3@>7; Western fed steers,
$3 Ts@s 25; ' Western fed ■ cows, $2(34. i
HOGS Receipts, 11.000; market s@loc
lower. Bulk of . sales, $4 60@4 85 ; heavy, $4 80
@4 S7 ; packers, $4 70@4 85 ; pigs I and | light,
$3 90@4 70. . \: ' - ' ' ••
— Receipts. 10,000; i market 10c lower.
Muttons, $4 75®5 75; lambs, $7@7 75; - range
wethers, $5@C 75; fed ewes,' $4 75@5 25. . ;
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Feb. 20.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 4300; market 10c lower. : ; Native steers,
$3 25#5 50; cows and heifers, $3 75@4; canners,
$lf>o(g'2 65; stockers and -■. feeders, $2 40®4;
calves ?2 75@5 75; bulls ' and stags, $1 75@
8 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 5500; steady. Heavy, $4 70
@4 80; mixed, $4 •;:> 4 70; light. $4 50(2)4 65;
pigs. $3 7504 40; bulk of sales, $4 62% (84 70.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1300; steady, 10@15e
lower. Western yearlings, $5 76'g<$ 60: wethers,
$5@5 75; ewes, $15011-5 40; lambs, $6 50@7 75. 1 \
St. Joseph.
ST. JOSEPH, Feb. 20.— Receipts,
1400- steady to 10c lower; native*, $3- 75@5 25;
cows and "heifers. $3 60@4 25; ; stockers and
feeders, $2 45@4 15. : •> •
HOGS— Receipts, 4400; mostly . Bo I lower;
light. $4 55@4 80; medium and heavy, $4 GB®
4 90. ■ ,' ' - ' ' '• ■-•■■' '•■'-..' ■ ■:
SHEEP— Receipts, 800; 10c higher; Colorado
lambs $7 90; yearlings, $6 90; ewes, $5 60.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
. Foreign Futures.
. ■ LIVERPOOL.
Wheat March. May. July.
Opening ...... .......-%. 6 11% 6 11%
Closing ; 6 11% 6 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May- Aug.
Opening* ■ 23 00 23 85
cfoMng*...... ...23 00 23 85
Flour— .
Opening 29 70 30 90
C?os"ng - . . • •• • 29 70 30 90 ...
! St. Louis Wool, Market.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 20.— W001, steady. Me
dium grades combing and clothing.- 2C@2Bc:
light tine. 21@22c; heavy fine, l<@18c; tub
washed, 33@40c. ;
Northern Wheat Market. '
;. <- ! OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb. — WHEAT—
Walla BSc; bluestem. 95c; valley, 87c.
WASHINGTON.
■ TACOMA Feb. 20. — WHEAT —
Bluestem. 93W,c; club. sr.'jc. • .
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Feb. 20.— Clearings, $672,357;
balances, $146,686. " „„„,.,
TACOMA, Feb. 20.— Clearings, $553,657;
balance*. $31,026. ' _, ' .„„, „,,„
PORTLAND, Feb. 20.— Clearings, v 5697,743;
dp lances ?1 30,041.
5 SPOKANE.'.' Feb. 20.— Clearings, $457,095;
balances, $48,404. '
LOCAL M ARKF7TS.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange sixty days.. 85VaJf4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight 4.8.0(54 8Ki a
Sterling Exchange, cables — ©4 SSVi
New York Exchange, sight. }® —
New York Exchange, telegraphic izy>@ —
Silver per ounce 6 l @ —
Mexican Dollars Nominal 60
NATIONAL. .
! New York on Paris 6.15% I
New York on Mexico 202 j
Paris on ■ London '- ....25.20 j
Berlin . on London • • .' 20.49 '
Wheat and Other Grains.
■WHEAT— There was nothing new In f the
I European situation. The world's shipments j
for the week were as follows,. In quarters: j
Russian 310,000: Danubian, 40,000; Argentine,
380,000; Indian 120,000; Australian.- 15!),000. i
I Chicago was '-jc lower on the day. Brokers' '
, wires from there said: "It is the belief of
the trade that practically all of . the Wheat
j •old out by the bull clique on the bulge has
■ been taken back since. One expert" estimates
1 the visible and invisible supply in the Da- j
• kota? and Minneapolis at only 56.000,000 bush- i
I els, against estimated milling requirements ;of )
! i,",(, 1 4 000 up to the sinning of the new crop. |
I This shortage would be 19,000,000 bushels if as
much Wheat were shipped from Duluth and
! Minneapolis and from Minnesota and South j
i Dakota to points as was shipped between Feb- ,
: ruary 1 ' and August 1 last year. It is claim- '
1 ed that only higher prices in the Northwest j
lean divert such a movement. Wheat prices j
' are now dangerously near an import basis.'" >
■ In this market futures sold lower, with
I active trading on the morning session. The '
i cash grain was quiet and unchanged. j
CASH WHEAT. . ( |
California Club. $1 60@l 55; ■ ; California
White" Australian. $1 .02Mi@l 65; Northern!
j Club, ' $1 52 '-(61 66; Northern - Bluestem. j
! $1 6«V4®l 67 Vi; Northern Red. $1 60 per ctl. ,
, ' - --, .. FUTVKES. .';•»'..■<•*• — *S'>.<!
*- Session Bto 11:30 a. m. :1: 1 ' >••
1 Open. : High.' Low. Close. ;
May *..:. »1 4SU $1 48 $1 47%' $1 47%
December ... l 28»i 1 2SV4 l 27%' l 27% i
2 p. m. Suasion. , i
Open. High. Low. ■ Close.
May— sl 48 bid. . !
December ...$1 27 V1 $1 27% $1 27^ $1 28% j
. BARLEY — bears took charge in the pit j
yesterday and broke May 2V6c and December
lc, with brisk trading. This made the. cash
grain dull and weak, though sellers reduced
their asking prices, they sold very little. 'T he
feature of the day was the sale of a car of
Eastern Barley at $1 12 >£ sacked at Mission
Bay, warehouse." -.-.. :
The British steamer Glenturret, .'1026 tons, I
has been rechartered for Barley for Yokohama. '
CASH BARLEY. : '.
Feed $1"17%@1 21 VI: Brewing and Shipping, ;
$1 22%Q1 2i: Chevalier. $1 22V»@1 30 per ctl. ;
J<^ FUTURES. •
jS^ Session 9to 11:30 a. m.
Open. ' High Low. Clc«e. '
May 411 IS>V4 %\ 19% $1 19 $1 111",
December ... 89% 59% l 88% 88%
2 p. m. Session. \
May— sl 19. .. ' !
December — 88}ic. ;•' .' ■ • ". J
, — Continue quiet and unchanged. _• .Of
ferings are not very liberal at present. i
White, $1 -15©1 57'>., Surprise,- \i 05@l CO; :
Red for feed $1 47%@l 52 for No. 1 and ;
51 40@l 45 for No. 2; choice, for seed, $1 50 ,
j 01 65: Black, $1 3501 45 for feed and SI 50®
: 1 65 for seed; Eastern White, (1 42Vs@l 50
per ctl. .: ' : . ' . -..;;.,: i
. CORN— Buyers and sellers report ; continued !
dullness and both are apparently indifferent :
and not inclined to force business. '_ • .v . ,•
Western sacked. $1 300137% for Yellow i
and White. and $1 80©l .15 for Mixed; Califor
nia large Yellow, $1 35&1 37%; small round
do. $1 S5; White, nominal; Egyptian, $1 35<g>
1 87% for White: and $1.25@1 30 for Brown.
RYE— *l 55©1 60 per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— 75@1 85 per ctl. .'
Flour and Farinaceous Goods. .
. FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 80® |
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70©5; !
| Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 00
, per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices In packages
are aa follows: Graham Flour, $3 26 per 100
i lbs; Rye Flour.. $3 75 (In barrels $4 75); Rye
Meal. $3 50 (In barrels $4 50); Rice Flour. I
$8 Corn Meal $2 50; extra cream do, $3 75; I
i Oat Meal '$4 2504 50; Oat * Groats. $4 60;
Hominy, $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 60@
! 4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls.
I $•". 6007 BO; in sacks. $C@7; Pearl Barley $6;
1 Split Peas, boxes $5 60; Green Peas $5 60 per
100 lbs. ' ■■ • ."■"-■:'■
Hay , and Feedst tiffs. "
All • quotations * under this head stand the
same with - featureless markets.. ■ : .
BRAN— S2I 60022 50 per . ton.- V
MIDDLINGS— $2ti@2B 50 per ton.
SHORTS— S2I*6O622 50 per ton. : - . =
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $25@28
per. ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $32 50#
83 50; Jobbing. $34; Cocoanut Cake at mill,
$23@23 50; Jobbing, $24; Cocoanut Meal at
mill, $25@23'50;; Jobbing, , $24; Corn • Meal,
; $29 50@30 50; . Cracked Corn. $30 50@31; Mixed
1 Feed. , $24®25; Horse \ Beans. $30@40 per ( ton;
i Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl ; Calfalfa Meal,
I carload ': lots, $21; lobbing. $22 50 per ton
. HAY— Wheat, $10®14; Wheat and Oat, !
: (10913 60; Oat, $o@l2 50; Barley and Oat, $8®
: 10: Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@10; stable. $9@10:
i stock. $6@7 60; Clover, $7@10; Alfalfa. $9@12
| per ton.
, — 36@60c per bale.
•■■ Beans and • Seeds.
Lima* .continue to advance under/the active
buying down south. y All ' other . Beans remain
unchanged. ' '."„'„ . ' '
• , BEANS — Bayos, $2 75@3 10; Pea, $3 250
, 3 50; Butter. $3@3 25; small White, $3@3 46;
large -White. ;$2 50®2 76: . Pink, $3 40@3 CO;
Red," $4 75@5; Lima, $4 SMM 50; Red Kidneys,
!$4 50©475;. Blackeyes, $2 50@2 70 .- per ■> ctl ;
' Horse- Beans. $IS5©2 40. . i- - i
■ SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
i Mustard ".' nominal ; Flax. $2 ■ 15@2 26 ; , Canary,'
I 6J^e; Alfalfa S@loc for • California a and s 12@
■ 12% c for Utah; Rape, l'/i^^c; Timothy,
I r."4c; Hemp. 3\o@3%c; per !b; Millet, 2^9 '!
| 3".c; Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per ton -t
• DRIED PEAS— ■:> $1 75@2 50; /Green
Pea«. $1 75@2 50 per - ctl. ■ N ;l*
'.•-'• Potatoes,: Onions and Vegetables. 1 ; . .{
-■ The feature Jof - the Potato market it was * the
arrival . of ' two 'carloads '■■ of a new *>eed descrip
tion. , known .as ' New ' York '■ Rurals. from . Colo
rado. ' They .; were • offered at $1 : 25@1 35 " per
cental and met % with ready sale *• at .; those
figures.' The other seed varieties were In ' lim
ited supply ' and • firm at previous prices. \ Table
Burbanks : from ' Oregon • were :In good . request,
while the ■ cheaper I sorts I from | Watsonville and
the river • districts k were • slow' of : sale. - Onions
ruled '•; firm j and ;. Sweet ? Potatoes •: were steady
at the previously; quoted rates. ■.'! : .■*-.,.* --
• There were light arrivals of vegetables from
the south " and • choice » lots < : of all • kinds i met
with ; prompt ■ sale ! at good > prices. Green ■ Peaa
were lower," 1 as? all .'of? the, offerings were wet
and otherwise : In I poor : condition. - Five ; boxes
of Asparagus ! came In and sold I at prices ■ rang
ing i from 26c to 40c per pound. ,"'■. \"- .
POTATOES— from the ■ river. \ 75c
$1 per ctl; Wataonvflle Burbanke. $I@l 20 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanka. $I@l 30 per ctl;
Rlv«r Reds. 6S@7sc per ctl; Early Rose, 11 40
@1 60 per ctl; Garnet Chiles $1 70 per
ctl; small seed BurbankE. 75c@$l per ctl; Sweet
Potatoes. 75e@Jl per ctl.
ONIONS— S2 50@2 85 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 4®7c per lb;
String Beans, 12i{,iffl5c per lb; Wax Beans,
; Tomatoes, $1 25<52 per box or crate;
Summer Squash $1@1~25 per box; Hothouse
Cucumbers,. $I@l 50 per dozen; Cabbage,
50c per ctl: Carrots, 30@40c per sack; Garlic,
10@llc per lb; Egg Plant. 12Vj<??15c per lb;
Dried Peppers, 10@12>4c for sun-dried and 13@
14c per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers, 6@Bc
per lb for Chile and 10@12^c for Be.l;
Mushrooms. 25@40c per lb; Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squaeh. $15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Poultry were only seven coops,
and as there was very little held-over stock on
hand the market was firm for all kinds. All
Indications point toward a firm market dur
ing the current week and most handlers are
expecting a higher range of prices for chick
ens. Thirteen cases of dressed Turkeys came
in and met with slow sale at easier prices,
all of the offerings being more or lesa
"grassy." Game was In good requeat an*
cleaned up readily at previous pricea.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 20@240 pe* lb;
Live Turkeys, 18@20c per lb; Geeae, per
pair. $2#2 25; Goslings. ; Ducks, $5@6 per
dozen for old and $6*7 for young; Hens. $6®
5 50 for small and $t>@6 50 for large: young
Roosters. $6 50©7; old Roosters. $5@5 50; Fry
ers. $5 50<j?6: Broilers, $3 50@4 50; Pigeone,
$I@l 26: Squabs. $2 25<@2 75.
GAME — Gray Geese. $3 per dozen; White
Geese. 75c@$l 25; Brant, $2 for large and $1
for email; Honkers, $3 50@4 50; Snipe, $3 for
English and $1 50 for common; Hare. $2; Rab
bits. $2 50 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggr«.
Receipts of Butter and Eggs were both
liberal, but the market absorbed them very
well and continued in good Ehape for sellers.
Butter is now at a point where it is moving
off well, both lor local and shipping account,
and stocks are not accumulating. There la a
disposition to shade the asking prices for
Eggs owing to the soft, springlike weather,
but it has not resulted in any dtcline. An
other car was being made up for shipment
yesterday. Cheese is well cleaned up and firm.
Receipts were 59,000 lbs Butter, 762 cases
Eggs and 10.2H0 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 26c
for extras and 25c for lower and me
dium grades; dairy, 35028e: cold storage,
nominal; store Butter, 1691?)&c per lb.
CHEESE— II '4<Sfl2c for fair to choice mild
new and ITH^'glic for old; Young Americas.
12@12 1^c; Eastern. Kt©lse per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 22@23c for fair to choice;
store Eggs. 21@22c; cold storage, nominal;
Eaitern, nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Orange market showed a little more
tone, the movement being stimulated somewhat
by the mild, sunny weather, but low prices
still ruled, as supplies of all grades exceeded
requirement?. The lower grades were the
best sellers, both In the open market and In
the auction rooms, and peddlers we're the
principal buyers. Ten carloads, chiefly stand
ards, were auctioned as follows: Fancy, $1 20
d I 06; choice. 90c@'$l 25; standard, 85c@$l.
The other Citrus fruits stood as previously
quoted and the market was weak for every
thing except Mexican Lime*, which were in
scant supply. There was no change in Apples
and trade in that department continued quiet.
APPLES — Per box, $1 75®2 for extra fancy.
$liai 50 for ordinary fancy and 7oci@sl for
common to choice.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, Navels. $1 25®
175 per box for fancy, $I^l 40 for
choice and 73ciff$l li> for standard: Tangerines.
75c@$l ; Lemons. $2fi2 50 for fancy. $1 25®1 75
for choice and $I@l 25 for standards; Grape
Fruit, $1 50«2; Mexican Limes, $.5@5 50 per
case; Bananas. $1 50ig2 50 per bunch for Cen
tral American and 75«-<Jisl 50 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples $2@5 per doz. n.
Dried Fruits. Nuts. Ratelns, Honey.
FRUlTS— Apricots. 84©llc for Royals and
II >..,<i 12Uc for Moorparks; Nectarines. 74-ij
BV^c for White and 74c for Red; Peachts,
$<g'9 4c per lb; Pears. 7@l2c; Plums, pitted.
4@sc for black, C4@7c for red and 44@^ c
for yellow; Figs 2-erown bricks. 45c; 3-crown,
50c ; 4-crown. 60c; 6-crown, 65c ; bulk white.
2?i@3c; black. 24!g5'ic; Evaporated Apples,
4@7c per lb.
PRUNES — 1%@1%c per lb for the four slies
and 2'«. c basis for the largi sizes.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. FrPsno — Impe
rial clusters $2 25<§ 1 2 50; Dehesa. $1 33@l 40;
Ix>ndon Layers. 85c@$l; Loose Muscatels, 4
crown, 4*«'Ssc; 3-crown, 4'/4c; 2-crown. 3@
3^4c; Seeded.' 4'^@f>c; Thompson's .Seedless.
4 1 /4 '®44c; Seedless Sultanas, 305 a per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshel!. 12f?13c;
No 2, 10® lie; No. 1 harasnell. 12c ; No. 2,
10c- Almonds. lGffll7c for Nonpariels. 14'g'144c
for I X L. 134@144c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts, B<97c for
Eastern; Pecans, 110ttc; Cocoanuts. $150(05;
Chestnuts 7(ft9c per lb for Italian.
HONEY — Comb. 10<S12c for white and 9-glOc
for amber; water white extracted. 54@6VjC;
light amber extracted. 5(8340, dark. 3Jj44c.
BEESWAX— 27(&29c per !b.
Provisions.
The week opened with the market still dujl
and featureless.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, IOVe per lb for
heavy 104 c for light medium 124 c for light,
13c for extra light and 14tt#16c for uignr
cured; dry Salt Hidee. !•' _.'<; \"v : F?ellles~ lie;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams UHc; California
Hams. 114 c; Mess Beef. $10^10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 50W11; Family. $12Jf12 sc>;
prime Mess Pork, $14 50; extra clear. $22;
Mf?s. $16 50; Pig Pork. $2."»; Pigs' Feet. $5:
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 5%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrel?, pure, K»4 n ; 10-lb
tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, 88 T «c; o-Ib tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 7Hc; three
half -oarrels. 74c; one tierce. 7c; two tierces,
Q%c; five tierces. We per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
Late mail advice? from New York say of
Hops: "The mnrket continued to drag. The
advices received from uji the State an.| the
coast reported an abspnee of business due
to' the indifference shown by dealers, they gen
erally showing a disposition to hold off as
buyers and await developments. Locally,
business was reported as practically at a
standstill, dealers claiming it was extremely
difficult to interest brewers and that owing to
thf keen competition for business low prices
ha>l to be made to effect sales. Prices quoted
continued largely nominal. Foreign nurk-ts
were dull."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands Bell
about 4CIC under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. U®U4e; medium. 104 c; light. 9%c;
Cow Hides. 10c for heavy and 94c for light;
Stags 7V-c: Salted Kip. 104fllc; Salted
Veal IKB~H4c: Salted Calf. 12<g124c; dry
Hides 18c; dry Kip. 16c; dry Calf. 200
22c- Sheepskins, shearlings. 25tf?4i>c each:
short Wool 50®75c each; medium 75cg)
$1 10: long 'Wool. $1 1601 75; Horaa
Hides, salt. $3 for large ajid $2 50 for me
dium, $1 50<g2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides dry, $1 75 for large and $1 23®
1 BO for medium. $1 for small. 5Uc tor Colts.
Buck SkiilB — Dry Mexican, 30o; dry ealted
Mexican 26c * dry Central American, 30c;
Goat Skihs— Prime Angoras, 76c; extra large
do $1 25; large. 50c; medium, 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4@4 4c per ib;
No. 2. 353% c; Grease. 2@24c
WOOL — Nominal; none here.
HOPS — 1904 crop 25® 27c per lb; 190S crop,
17® 18c.
Meat Market.
All descriptions are steady except small
"Veal, which continues weak owing to an over
supply, y
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF — 6@7c for Steers and 4@64c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, B4@7c; small, COB%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@"4c; Ewes, «4@7c
per lb.
LAMB— 9@9VjC per lb for Yearllnga and
12U.(fj,14e for Spring.
PORK — prepaid Hogs, CU'S'Oc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock^ delivered in San Francisco, less 40@
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 7>4@74c; Cows and Heif
ers. 54(56 4c; thin Cows. 4@sc per lb.
CALVES— Adi 44c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— AVcthew 34@3%c; Ewes, 3(tf3}4c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— S2 50ft 2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hog:>, 200 to 260 lbs, fVs®s>4c:
130 to 200 lbs, 5%<£54c; SO to 130 lbs, s®siic;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 60nf>er cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. s"«>@6c spot and i;> s c
for June and July; Wool Bags. 30©:J2c; Fleece
Twine. IVjQ.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, fcj 50;
Richmond, $8; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
?14 26 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; \Velsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
111 60; Cannel, $8 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13 per
ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc; • Unseed, 55c per gallon for
boiled and 53c tor raw; Castor Oil, in
cases, No. 1, 70c; Eakers' AA. cases.
$1 14@1 16; Lucol. 50c for boiled and 48c for
raw; China Nut, cases, 65@80c per gallon; Co
coanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 68c; natural winter Sperm Oil, 63c; extra
tleached winter Whale OH, 57c; natural Whale
Oil 62c: extra winter strained Lard Oil 75c;
No' 1 Lard Oil. 68c; pure Neatsfoot Oil' 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 63c; light Herring Oil.
42c dark Herring Oil, 40c; Salmon Oil, 34c;
boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE ETC. -Water White
Coal Oil. in bulk 124 c: Pearl Oil. in cases.
19c: Astral. 19c; Star. 19c; Extra Star, 22c;
Elaine, 254 c; Eocene. 21c; Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c: In case* 224 c; Motor Gasoline, in
bulk 16c; in cases. 224 c; No. 1 Engine Die
tillate. iron bblp or drums. 8c; No. 2 do. Uftc;
cases, t>4; mure; Eenzine. in bulk. 13c; in
cases. 19 V,c; SM«ktm Ouolltm. In bulk. 960;
In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 7Be p«r gallon In etMi and
720 In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. iy»9
8c per lb; White Lead. 7V4®80 according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In 100
lb bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine
Crushed 6.lSc; Powdered. «c; Candy Granu- j
lated. 6c; Dry Granulated, line. 5.90 c; Dry |
Granulated, coarse. 5.90 c: Fruit Granulated
5.90 c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only).
5.70 c; Confectioners' A 8.90 c; Magnolia A.
5.50 c; Extra C, 5.40 c; Golden C. 5.30 c; "D."
5.20 c; barrels. 10c more; half barrel*. 230
more; boxes, 50c more; 50- lb bags. 10c nort
for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrela. «.40c:
boxes. 6.65 c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnoi, 8.90 c
per lb. No order taken for les« than aer
enty-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
CANNED SALMON— The London Grocer**
Gazette says: "The market for British Co
lumbia continues to strengthen and Praser
River 1-lb flats, which are almost unobtain
able, have further advanced during the week.
while flata. for which there is a> good
demand, keep firm. Tlx« lower level of price*
established for Al&ika. dm caused a good Im
provement In the. demand and sales are being
effected readily."
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. FEBRUARY *».
Flour, qr ska. . .14.989 Leather, rolls ... VT
Wheat ctls 4.79Bl Hides -No 840
Barley ctls 2.347,Pe1ts T>dla 23tt
Tallow, ctls 390 Lime bbls 81
Beans, sks I. B37' Raisin*, bxs 3.0U0
Potatoe* sks ... 6,544,Ch1c0ry. bbls ... 20
Onions, ska 590| Quicksilver, flsks. tl
Middlings ska .. 613 Brandy gala 3.000
Hay. tons M 5 Wine, gals 51,900
Hops, bales 68
WESTERN. •
Corn. ette 1.050;
STOCK MARKET.
Tonopahs Active, but All Other Stocks
still Quiet.
The week opened quietly on the Stock and
Bond £x'.'hanK», with light transaction* in
both shares and bonds. The sugars continued
inactive, but values were maintained and Ha
waiian was 75c higher at $87 29. the othera
being *teady. Alaska Packers sold up to $85,
against a closing price of $82 50 on Saturday.
t'ontra Costa Water waa 750 lower at $44 In
th- afternoon.
The Comstock mining shares ranged lower
under a disposition to sell. The Tonopahs,
on the contrary, were active, with higher
prices for a number of stocks, notably Red
Top and North Star. Sales in MacNamara
wf re exceptionally heavy, and the stock opened
at 70c. against (Stfc as Saturday's closing price,
but fell off to 82c, closing on the Tonopah
Exchange at 04c.
The following dividends were paid yester
day: California Powder Company, regular
monthly, 50c per uhare, amounting to $15,000.
Central' Light and HPower Company. 3o per
snare, amounting to $21,000. California Fruit
Canners' Association, regular monthly, 600
per share, amounting to $17,.t4» 60. The United
Petroleum Company, a regular monthly. 800
j.ei shaxe. amounting to $11,744. L'nlon Oil,
50 per cent, or $5000. The Oreene Consolidat
ed Copper Company, a bi-monthly of 40c.
The Julia Consolidated Mtning Company haa
levkd an assessment of 3 cents per ahare, de
linquent March 28.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Feb. 20—2 P. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
•a qr coup. .1054106 |4s qr cp new.l3o —, ,
4s qr reg...105%108 !3s qr coup. 103% 104% ,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — IOG L&H 55.108 — j
Asso Oil sa. 85 — O W gtd 6a. — —
Bay CPC 55.105%106 Oceanic S ss. 65 .0
Cal C 0 s*. — 103% Om Cable 65.122 —
Cal G& E g I Pac Qim 4e. — 08
m & ct ss. 04% — iPBRyh.- 108%
Cal-st C 55.113 — iP 4 C H 6s. — — 1
C C Wat ss. — 09% P4 O R 6a.1l. 1 : — .
EdL & I' 65.123% — iPowell-et 6s. — 114%
V & C H C5.114%118 ISac BG&RSS. 108*4104 j
Geary-st 55.. — 90 SF & SJVSs.I2I —
H C&S 5%5.106\i — I Sierra R 6s.— — j
Do 5s ....10Cy 4 — IS P of A 6s
lion R T 63.107 110 ! (1906) 108V4 —
L A Elec ss. — — I (1910) 109 110 |
LAC &E1 55.101 — IS P of C 6s
LA Ry 55..1174 — I (1005)Sr A. — — j
LAL gtd 55.104 — 1 (1905)5r 8.102 —
LAP lem 53.101% — I (1906) ....:— —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 116% (1912) 115 —
. Do lem ,>.116% — SPC 1 eg ss. — —
MV& MtTSs.IOO 110 ' Do stampd.lo9 109*4
NRR of C6s. — 105 |S P B, R 1354 — .
Do ."is 121 122 is V Wat 6s.lort . — j
N P C R 55.104?; — ' ! Do 4s 2dm.lOOU —
N C Ry Bat.. — 112 I Do 4s 3dm. 9»%100Vi
N C P C 09. 97%101 1 Do g mt*4s. OS'S, —
NS R R ss. 99% — IStkn '- G&EPs. 93 —
Oak TCo Ca.12054121 IT* G ft E 5». — —
Do 5s U2'.. — ll'R of SF is. 39% 89% ;
Do con Ss.IOB»iIC»VU - ;
. WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 43%— (Port Costa... — — j
Marin C 0... 55 59»i!S V Wat Co. 374 SS
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
' Cent.L & P. 3% — S P.G A E. 53*4 — |
Martel Powr 1 — Stkn G4E. — . 6H
I Mutual EL. 11 14 U.G A E Co. — —
Pac L C 0 . .. 'insurance.
INSCRANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl 8k..130 137%fL P & A 152' —
Anslo-Cal ..89 91 IMer Tru5t.... 220 250
Bank of Cal. — 4::4 iMerch Ex.... SO —
■ Cal Safe Dp.152 — IS F National — —
First Nation! — 350 I
- SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2330 — (Say & L So. . — 100 !
Hum 8&L. — — Sec Say Bk.. %—% — 410
Mutual Say. — 103 Union T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say 1T. 625 «30 '
STREET RAILROADS.
California --205 — j Presidio . 3d*; — '
Geary — 50 ' J3£l£s
' POWDER.
Giant : 64 -fiS IVigorit 3 4%:
SUGAR. r
! Hawaiian C. S7'i KM Makaweli C . 37*4 •'» i
Honokaa S C 21% 22 Onomca S C. — 37%
i Hutch SP C 17% 17% Paauhaa SC 24 —
I Kilauea S C. 4% 5 : I J
MISCELLANEOUS. i
! Alaska PA. 83% 86 (Oceanic S Co. 5 T i 6%
; Cal F C A. — »8 : V 4 |Pac Aux FA 4 — 1
; Cal Wine A. — 74 IPac C Borx. — — ,
i MV& MtTm. 97 — 'Pac S. Tel C0.1091i11l
PALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Contra Costa Water 44 50
100 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 86 75
I 160 Hutchlnson 9 P Co 17 25
I $1,000 Cal Gas AEIGM &C T sa. . 94 50 r
i $5,000 Oakland Transit Con 5e 109 00 \
$1,000 S F & S J V 55... 121 00 i
i Street— ."
: 69 F Savings Union 62T 50
I $4,000 SP of Arizona (1910) ....IC9 62" i j
Afternoon ' Session. >
■ ■ . Board — ;
SB California Wine Association... 74 00 j
10 Contra Costa Water 14 M '
50 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar, b 3.. 87 25
25 Honokaa Co 21 62'» '
.In Hutchinson 3 P C 0... 17 60
2. . Mutual Electric Light 13 50
75 Oceanic S S Co 6 00
20 S F Gas A Electric 63 75
$16,000. Cal Gas & El G M & C T Bs.. 93 00
Street —
- 25 Alaska Packers' Association. . 85 00 !
60 Honokaa S Co 21 62% 1
$3,000 Pacific Eleetrto Ry 6a 10» 37 4 (
Unlisted Securities. j
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. j
1 Bid. Ask. I Bid. A«k. t
1 Bay CPC C 5.104 . — [SF A NP 55.112^ —
B L Wat 6s. — 114%JS P Co 4%5.100»4 —
Cal N\Y 55.. — 114 [Sun Tel 55...10«4 —
iM C Wat ">s. — 114 |Suttr-st R55.104 — ;
SF Drdk 69.112 — (Ala S C 0... — M
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Amer Bis Co — 90 |Nev Nat Bk. — 230 j
I •Cal Cot Mils 82 — IN SR R Co. — 12% •
Cal G&ECor. 56 — N Cal P Co. 10 10% !
Cal Powder. l3o .143 Oak Bk Sav.l23 —. |
ral TIA T — 15.1 Oak T Con.. — I
Cen Bk. Oak — 73 iIOOF Hall A «4 — I
Chutes Co ..-.'.'.■ 5 . 6 Orpheum Co. — * 18>4 .
City A C Bk — 120 [Pace Cas C 0.125 • — .
Cyp L Imp.. — 6 Pac'Sur C 0..105. .105 . —
DptPwd pfd. — 80 Paraf Paint.. 50 — '
Do com .. T»2. 60. IS F.-Drydock — 63
FN Bk 0ak.120 — ISFASJ Coal. 17% 20
Fischer Thtr — I% ! S Jose i Wat.lOMH —
Frnch-A Bk. — 110 'SO A MTgbt.l2s —
Hono P Co.. to 40 i Swiss- A 8k..120 —
Do pool . . 36% 40% Truck f Elect..' 12 19
Lon& SF Bk «7 75 : Union S Co.. — SO ■ j
I Mat Nay Co. 70 — * UR InC pfd. — 78 ' -'■
1 Mils ; Nat 8k.300 —;' .■ Do com ; . 30 —
I
' California Stock and Oil Exchange, j
Oil stocks— ■ Bid. Asked
AsscOil Co cert....... 25 27
Hcnford 200 CO - 1
Home ......... .-;:... 40 ....
Imperial ......"...■'. '....'l4 25. .... "
Kern:. ............ 7 00 .....
Kern: (new). ..%....•.."."..•.:.■. ..:. 3©
! McKlttrick ... . . .... .t. r.~rrjjgnt"||| 3 00 .
Monte Cristo ...:........... .... , -85
I Sterling *.:.."......... '..:.. 2 23
i West -Shore .........'.;...... 1 75 '..:.■ .
}'•; - -. •/ 'sales. -
Morning Session.
. Board — r^SBSHSBBHS^tt
600 Four 0i1.".......";. 08 •
■i '.':-' -■: Afternoon Session. .
••» Board— ; *3X.-y ■',■- "
1 6000 Asso Oil Co cert... / 27
: Iptelng Stocks.
SAN •' FRANCESCO STOCK EXCHANGE. ;
Following : w«re the sale* on . the San Fran
cisco Stock • and. Exchange fßoard yesterday : -
* Morning Settioo — Comstocks. t }'-'.
600 Belcher -r ..*.. 151 50 0ph1rr.^...... 728
"■' .WO Bullion . ;";\ ... 32 1 2©o Savage ........ 32
'100 Challenge ... 201 500 1 Sierra Nev .';. 51
500 Con Cal A V.2. 05! 200 Silver Hi 11.... «8 !
300 Gould ,A • Cur. 161 300 Union Con . . . 72
100 Mexican 2 05. 200 Tellow - Jacket. 23
Afternoon Session — Comstoeks. -^fflSB
■ »*) AndM 29' 20*» Mexican . ... . .2 00 1
100 Belcher ..;... 13! 300 Ophlr ....... .T 00'
AUCTION SALES
Auction Sale
HORSES, WAGONS, BUGGIES, HARNESS,
ETC., ETC.
WILSON BROTHERS 1 STABLES.
2240 rOLSOM ST.. Bet. ISta and 19th Sea.
THIS OAT.
Tuesday, February 21, at 12 o'clock noon.
FIRST stock-reducing sale. Having brought
from our ranch more horses than required for
our present needs. we give you a chance to
buy a good horse or rig at your own prtc*.
See Sunday Chronicle for catalogue list.
ANDREW it WILSON. Auctioneer.
£* SECOND SALE $»
250 Head Selected High-Class
Work Horses,
20 Head Truck Horses,
20 Head Wagon Horses,*
20 Head Driving Horses
! WILL BE SOLD
TUEBDAT EVENING T:46 O'CLOCK
By Electric Light at
Western Horse Market, 220 Valencia St.
B. STEWART * CO.
' Horse* arrive Sunday a. m. Send for cata-
logue. Call and Inspect horses before the sale,,
as yon will have no time to Inspect them at
the sales ring. Every horse will be guaranteed
to be as represented and will be shown to har-
ness If desired.
£* Just» Arrived £%
And must be sold, 40 head of CHOICE.
SOUND. TOUXO HORSES at INTERNA-
TIONAL HORSE MARKET. 12th and Har-
rlson street. ■
100 Be«t A Belch.l 101 SCO Potosl IS
100 Caledonia .... OR 100 Ba.-rag» M
200 Caledonia .... 63! l'»> 5c0rpi0n ....... M
200 Challenge ... lv» - 10(» Scorpion -.... ".'I
100 Choilar 211 3 *> Sierra N>T.... 4S
100 Con Cal 4 V.2 M 400 Union C0n.... T2
100 Gould A Cur. Ml
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Aitk., Bid. Ask.
Alpha 15 l*JulJ* "... 05 o«L
Alta 04 "6. Justice- 10 11
Andes 28 29lKentuck 01 "2
Belcher ...... 14 I.ady Wuh ..02 0*
Best A Belcb.l 10 1 15' Mexican » IO2M
Bullion 30 32' Occidental ... 90 M
Caledonia. 65 Ophir 1 CO 7 12-
Challenge ... 1» Airman 2© 22
Chollar ...... 20 22 I Potosl Z 17 1»
ConHdeno* ... 85 901 Savage 30 31
Con Cal AV2OO 2 M Scorpion 28 M
Con Imperial. 01 08 Sen Belcher... 08 00
Crown Point.. 14 lslsierra Nsv.... 47 19
Con NY 02 Mlsiirer Hill 68 «7
Exchequer ... 60 55. 5t Loul» ..... — 10
E Sierra Xav. OS 06 Syndicat* .... 10 2<>
Eureka Con.. — 50 Union C0n. ... 71 72
Gould A Cur. 15 rrlUtah 12 It
Hal« A Norc.l 30 1 40" Yellow Jacfcot. 21 23
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
2600 Black Butte.. 41 500 North Star ... 70
1000 Black Butt©.. 40HO0O North Star ... T2
1500 Bullfrog; Annx 11)4600 North Star ... 74
1000 Bullfrog Ex.. 23[X500 North Star ... 7.»
1000 Bullfrog Ex.. .'.««» North Star ... TS
10CO Bullfrog Ex. . 2713500 North Star ... 71
200 Bullfrog Mln. S3[looo North Star ... 79
100 Diamondneld. 60uriCO North Star ... 7*
2000 Dixie >»!n ... 281800 Mont Ton .. .3 09
100 Goldfleld Mln. 7» 2500 Grin Bullfroa;. 43
1000 Goldfleld Mln. SII4DCO Paymaster ... 04
1000 Goldfleld Mln. T3U300 Red Lion m
20CO Gold Anchor.. 65 3900 Red Top as
ICOO Gold Anchor.. H»l2i«0 R«d Top 38
3000 Home 20 500 Red Top 40
11.000 Home 19 2000 Rescue 15
5000 Home 13 60CO Rescue » 14
500 Jumbo Ex .. 34 50rt Sandstorm ... «4
500 May Queen .. 33 BCO Sandstorm ... Ml
300 May Queen .. 33 ftOO Sandstorm ... M
1000 Kendall 41 500 Sandstorm ... «7
1000 Kendall 3912300 St Ivea 47
500 Kendall 4011000 St Ives 60
500 MacKamarn.. 701 300 st Ivea 50
1000 MacNamara. . 7511900 Sylvania 2*
1300 MacNamara.. 711 ICO Ton Belmont..! 10
500 MacNamara. . 691 700 Ton B'.monr I 17t4
1000 MacNamara.. 6SI 100 Ton Exten ...S CO
1000 MacNamara. . 6712600 Ton Midway 1 2.1
1000 MacXamara.. «Cli<vo Ton Midway. U^W»
360) MacNamara.. «5! S^ Ton Midway. .l S3
RCOO MacNamara.. 6311C00 Ton Mdiway.,l 20
7300 MacNamara.. 8412000 Ton Gold Mt.. 1*
2000 MacNamara.. 62t'!500 Treasure . 10
3500 MacXamara. . «1 500 Treasure . .... 11
26fiO MacNamara. . «0|2300 Verde 0«
1000 MacNamara. . 59! 5<X) Vernal ....... 17
1000 Mont Bullfrog 14!lC0O Vernal IS
1000 North Star .. 65F *
Afternoon Session.
WOO Black Butte. . 42! 100 Orig Bullfrog. 43
SCO Bullfrog Ex.. 26(3100 Orig Bullfrog. 42
400 Bullfrog Ex.. 271 linn Ort* Bullfrog. 41
10CO Cash Boy ... 1811000 Rescuo ... 15
1100 Dlamondfleld. 60|2000 Rescue . in
400 Diamond field. 55 1000 Red Lion .'.'.'. C«
SCO Dixie Mm ... • 30120C0 Red Too . 3S
10CO Goldfleld Dm,i IS'IO.OOO Red Top 3fl
4000 Great Westrn 04130Ca Red Top '"' M
5100 Home • 20115C0 Red Top .... 40
6000 Home < 21J10W Red Top ...".'I m
600 Jim Butler .. 60;5C0O Red Top ... 4.-S
ROO Jumbo M Co. ' «3I 3PO st Ive» ...... 49
2000 Kendall 3811500 St Ives 4*
2500 Kendall 4015000 St Ives M
300 Kendall 39' 500 <*t Ives .... " M
560 Lo ne s tar ... 17 500 Sylvanta ..." •>*
204i0 Mizrah Ft . . 2011000 Ton R^lmotit 1 **r>
300 Mlipah Ex .. art 3fM Ton Blmont.l 17«
110<> MacNamara.. «3|600(V Ton Gold M- 1«
s** MacNamara.. «»> "O>» Ton Midway! !l *•«>
1000 MacNamara.*. 64,. "5000 Ton Midway.. l ■».%
2fiOO Mohawk is' !M» Ton . Mdway 1 22'
PSOO North Star .. 70f 100 Ton Vrr . «75
MM) North Star .. 71 1 1 00 Ton N«!^...1l S7U
100 ft North Star .. 731 *#» r- ; ed Ton 07
2000 North Star . . 7^'^noo Verde ... ' Ort
l.v*> x T Ton Con If 3ooo Wonder ....'.'. or
.1000 Oakland I<>' >
CLOSING QUOTATION 3.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ton Belmont 1 15 1 20-Ton Midway.. 20 I 2.1
California ... — 17[Mlzpah Ex ..2* V
Cash Boy 17 tnlMont Ton . . .1 90 a
Colehan — 10! N T Ton Con. I.i
Gold Anchor.. «ft "OlNorth Star .. "TO 7t
Gold Mt 15 17 Ohio Ton 33 40
Gold Mt Con. — 02! Paymaster ... 04 ft«
Great Westrn 03 04|Qulncy 11
Indiana Ton.. — fSiTJescue .. in 17
Home ...:... 21 r;'Ton Exten ... —3 00
Jim Butl«o- .. — 69' Ton of Vo-r.lt 73 1* iy»
Little Ton .. 50 — (United Ton .. — 07
Lucky Tom... OR 05! West End ... — 37
MacNamara.. «4 Rft|"
Goldfleld District.
Adama 17 I<"Hibemla 1% 21
Black Ante .. — 101 Jumbo M Ox «1 —
Black Butte.. 41 — I Jumbo Ex ■. . 132 X 2
Blk Butte Ex 10 — (Kendall 3* • 3J»
Black Rock.. — lOlMav Oueen .. .■?«
Blue Bell .... 0« n-v.^wk 17 1*
Blue Bull ... 30 35 ! Cakes 11 _
Bulls A Bears — lOlPenndvlvnnfa. — *)«
Booth M Co. — 12!Re<i IJon .... 03 ft«
Columbia ... flft. <"« R Top 41 "—
Columbia Mt. BO — I Sandstorm ... n~ —
Conqueror ... 14 : — !<3Uv»r Pick ... — M
Diamond .... It 12 St Ives 4- — »
TMamondflela. *> — Timber Hill .. Vi
nixfp Mln ... °« 29'Tv«.finir» .....»— ft
Frisco ....... 19 — ' v»»r4e *on 07
Goldflela Mln. 73 7«' Vernal 18 -*
Goldfleld Ton. — 0«?
Bullfrog District
Burtfroc Mtai. — »4 : Bullfrog V Blc 22
Bullfrog Annx 10 11 Mont Bullfrog. 13 1.1
Bullfrog Cons .08 — lOrlg Bullfrog. 42 43
Bullfrog Ex.. 23 — I . j
Other Districts. #
T>peran«a v ... Ot 02! Southwestern. «> *
Ray A O'Brien 07 — ISylvania 28 —
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
0:30 a. m. Stsslon.
ICOO MacXaniara. V 7015000 Red Top .....* .31
1000. MacNamara.. «7t 500 Red Top ....; .T2
r.fto MacNamara.. • fflJ 750 Red Top ... 33
500 MacNamara.. 64(2000 Red Top 33
riftft MacNamara.. 621 300 Ton Goltl Mt..' l<»
500 Ortg Bullfrog. 42 < 1000 Ton N Star. . . «7
ICOO Orl* Bullfrog. 43! 1300 Ton N Star... 70
1000 Red Top .... .10' ,
11 a. m. Session.
500 Black Butte.. 4312000 Pa Goldfleld. ... 1O
3000 Black Batte.. 411S100 Red Top 33
Continued on Pa«e Twelve.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Goldfield
Lucky Star M. Co.
Owns 6 claims In ■ Goldfleld
Mining i District which are
now belnr; developed. The .
price of this stock will soon
be advanced. "as ; the showing -
is very favorable.
. EXHIBIT 413 KEARNT ST..
F. DB FRBITAB, 'Agent.
1314
NOT LOOKING
FOR POISONER
PetoUifM Say Story of At
tompt to Kill Mrs Stan
ford Is Piece of Fiction
HOFF AT WILD TALES
¥mt> Strongly Contradict
Theory That Mineral Wa
ter (>)ntained Strychnine
Around the fact that Mrs. Jarre
Stanford, eight weeks ago, after par
taking of a hearty dinner given to sev
eral of her friends, quenched a natural
thirst with a glass of mineral water,
which is supposed to have been re
sponsible for a nauseating feeling: that
followed, there i« being weaved a sen
sational story of an attempt to mur
der the generous-hearted woman.
Although no motive if= shown for
the supposed attempted destruction of
Mrs. Stanford, who has no enemies,
and although a thorough investigation
of the matter satisfactorily showed
that a J>lo't did not exist, there are
those who seem to think that the phil
anthropic lady really had a narrow
escape from death and they are sug
gesting all kinds of thories to support
their frensied imagination.
It was positively slated yesterday by
the detectives who worked on the case
that »»everal hours' labor proved to
them conclusively that no attempt had
been made to poison Mrs. Stanford
and. so advising her needlessly
alarmed servants. the detective*
d their work and later presented
their bill for one day's labor. Stories
told by tvo former servants of Mrs.
Stanford that a quantity of strych
nine, sufficient xo kill a dozen persons,
v>.»- found in the bottle of water from
*hioh Mrs. Stanford took a drink are
pronounced by the detectives as great
ly exaggerated. While it is admitted
that the water nauseated Mrs. Stan
ford fr>r a few minutes, it is possible,
so the detectives suggest, that this
fact wa6 due to an overloaded stom
ach, for the lady had an hour pre
viously eaten dinner with friends.
If. as it has been asserted, the bot
tle of mineral water contained the
amount of strychnine alleged Mrs.
Stanford would probably have fallen
writhing in pain on the floor and
would have felt the effects of the poi
son for a number of days. Instead,
however, she retired that evening ap
parently in the best of health and the
following day went to Palo Alto,
where she remained until a day or so
before the entertainment given at her
residence on California street. Upon
the latter occasion, which was ten days
after the supposed poisoning: episode.
Mrs. Stanford was In excellent health
and continued so for a number .of
day? longer, when she experienced a
recurrence of a bronchial trouble
lrom which she has been a sufferer
for many years and which was the
cause of her kin? her present trip
to Hawaii at the suggestion of her
physician. It was this annoying af
fection that caused her to abandon
the plans for formally introducing her
niece, Miss Jennie Lathrop, to society
at a party arranged for at the Califor
r.ia-street mansion.
The true reason for bringing detec
tives into the case was a simple one,
but unfortunately lent some color to
the original reports that Mrs. Stan
ford's life had been attempted. When
Mrs. Stanford and her private secre
tary, who also drank the mineral
water, complained of its peculiar taste,
they recalled the fact that they had a
large supply of it on hand and had
accustomed themselves to drinking it
regularly. It has occurred several
times in San Francisco that persons
have been poisoned by drinking vari
ous mineral waters, and remembering
one particular occasion about ten years
ago, when several prominent Pacific-
Union Club men were poisoned one day
by drinking a well-known water, Mrs.
Stanford concluded that it would be
advisable for her to inquire Into the
cause of the peculiar taste of the water
she was drinking.
Accordingly she turned the matter
over to the detective firm, which has
frequently done work for her. and
whatever anxiety she had entertained ;
was quickly dispelled. The story of the
alleged attempted poisoning, however.
v.as not sprung until the evening of
the day that she departed for Hono- !
lulu. It is said by those who profess
to know that the former servant who
Is taking a lively interest in the sen
sational story did not quit her em
ployer with the best of grace and has i
not attempted to disguise the fact that
she bears ill will toward . Stan
ford's secretary. Yesterday the detec
tives who worked on the case said that I
the matter was closed as far as they '
were concerned and that the report i
that they suspected any one of an at- '
tempt to injure Mrs. Stanford or had.
been shadowing any one in connection' ,
with the matter was absolutely false. I
Th« Maid! Gras Ball.
Art Institute auction of boxes, 4 p. m. '.-•'"'
■ ♦ ■
PETITION? IN INSOLVENCY.—
1n insolvency were filtd yesterday in the
TJalted States District Court as follows- E
L. Bouton. salesman. San Francisco, liabili
ties J73C. assets $52; J. L. Bcnwell. painter
San Francisco, liabilities $6119' no assets
Bronchial Trouble* are often perma
nently cured by Plso's Cure for Consumption. •
HELENA. Mont.. Feb. 20.— 1n the Senate
to-day in the contest case of Bllenberg against
Kchrs. the seat was given to the contestant
Th« contestant and the contest ee are ha I
brothers. , Both are Republicans.
_JU>VKK'll4>Eilli>-TS.
GHIRARDELLI'S
FLICKS
A dainty mite of Chocolate, delightful
to taste and gratifying to appetite
At Confectioners' and Grocers'.
CABANISS IS INSTRUCTED
" DAQO RED " DEFINED
♦
CEREMONY OF " CHASING THE
DUCK" ELUCIDATED TO JUDGE
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Mrs. Mary Sands of 140 Francisco
street. North Beach district, told Po
lice Judge GabanlßS that she did not
start the argument that resulted In
her arrest on the charge of having dis
turbed the peace of Mrs. May Allen.
"I was cha«in' th' duck," she said,
"when Mrs. Allen, with a jimmejohn
of da*ro red in her hand, met me on
the street an' gave me a tongue
lashin*."
""Who owned the bird you were pur
suing?" the court inquired.
Mrs. Sands gazed pityingly at his
Honor as she elucidated. •'Chasm' th'
duck."' she said, "means rushin" th'
growler. I have th' can in my hand
an' I'm goin' to th' Dutchman's to get
beer when up comes Mrs. Allen with
her jimmejohn of dago red an' — "
'May I interrupt you to ask what
"dago red" is?"
"(Vrtalnly. Dago red is cheap claret.
Well, she cuts loose on me with her
tongue, sayin" that any one that'd
drink beer must have a low taste, an'
she calls me this an' that an' th' other
thing."
"And you retaliated in kind?'
"I couldn't stand everything, of
course. Th' names I called her were
no wurse than th 'names she called
me."
Master Eddie O'Connor, age nine,
<-<->rroboratPd Mrs. Sands' statement as
to th' 3 txchange of billingsgate, but
was not certain ap to' who opened the
duel. Then the case was continued
one calendar month in order to afford
the ladies time to forgive and forget.
"I'll appeal this case to a higher
court, mister." shouted Abraham
Dirolf, big and burly and red-faced,
when Judge t'onlan pronounced him
guilty of begging and sentenced him
to thirty days' imprisonment.
"I hope you will," said his Honor,
"and that the higher court will give
you six months."
Dirolf was soliciting alms from
householders on Fulton street, between
Scott and when Patrolman
Burdett arrested him and found $1 30
in his possession.
For conducting an unlicensed "nig
ger doll game" in his shooting gallery
at Forty-nin.th avenue and B street,
William Galehouse was arraigned be-
Cbrf Judge Mogan and his case
continued till to-day. Patrolman
• ii'Cßains testified that the game con
; of a number of black-faced pup
pets set up to be bombarded with base
balls by persons who paid for the
privilege and won prizes proportionate
in value to the number of dolls pros
trated by each shot. Prosecuting At
torney Creeley evidently was thinking
of Ibsen when he addressed Mr. Gale
house as "Mr. Dollphouse."
Mrs. Julia Ileo of 323 Montgomery
iiviiiie averred that her new hat was
worth ?30 of any lady's money ere it
waa violently plucked from her head
by Mrs. Amelia Ritzier, but the treat
ment to which it was subjected by the
angered despoiler ruined its shape and
irrf;>:ir; hly ruffled its plumage. Mrs.
Buzier. who was charged with battery
by Mrs. Ileo. laughed the complain
ant's appraisement to scorn and called
Mrs. Annie Eremita, a millinery ex
pert, to justify the sneering disclaimer.
Mrs. Eremita said that the original
cost of the hat did not exceed fIQ and
th;u the feathers added to it by Mrs.
Ileo were few and of inferior quality
and did not elevate the total value of
tbt headgear to more than $15, which
sum, indeed, would be difficult to otK
tain for it at this, time, when new
style Easters are mostly in demand.
Judge Cabaniss is giving himself am
ple time to determine just to what ex
tent the value of the damaged hat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1905.
should be permitted to affect the
charge of battery.
Walter Plunkett, a discharged
solßier, stood stiffly at attention and
saluted Judge Fritz a la mllitalre as
he pleaded not guilty of disturbing the
peace of the Presidio reservation.
Since his retirement from Uncle Sam's
service he has apparently been unable
to tear himself away from the society
of his former comrades in arms, and
It was for acting in a disorderly man
ner while he was intoxicated on the
outskirts of the reservation that he
was arrested. He was remanded for
a week and advised to devote the In
terim to sobering up.
Mrs. Louise Hoffman's eyes, nose
and temple were bruised and discol
ored when she appeared before Judge
Mogan as prosecutrix of her husband,
Louis, a clamdigger, whose family
residence is at Thirty-second avenue
and C street south. The woman said
her facial injuries were inflicted by
her spouse's fist and he pleaded provo
cation, alleging that she diverted to
other uses $10 which he gave her with
instruction that it be expended in pay
ment of certain pressing bills. He
allowed her to spend 20 cents per
diem for "booze," he added, which
was two-thirds the sum he allotted to
himself for the purchase of alcoholic
stimulants, and he thought she ought
to be content with that instead of
"nipping" funds intended for the buy
ing of victuals for the household, in
cluding three children, all of whom
were unproductive of revenue. That's
why he "licked" her.
Despite the woman's tearful appeal
for leniency the court pronounced the
brutal disciplinarian guilty of battery
and ordered him to appear for sen
tence to-day.
Thomas Sweeney had a total of
eighteen eggs in various pockets of his
raiment when Patrolman E. N. Owens
arrested him for pilfering the same
from the grocery of John H. Dickman,
1300 Railroad avenue South, at 6:40
o'clock yesterday morning. Strange to
relate not one of the eggs w^s
smashed during the arrest, which was
not affected without some resistance,
and the absence of breakage inclined
the policeman to believe that his pris
oner was an adept in the art of lifting
and stowing fragile plunder.
Mr. Dickman had been the victim
of petty purloinings for some time ere
he- tnd Patrolman Owens put their
heads together and devised a plan that
might lead to the thief's detection.
With a lead pencil they wrote diminu
tive letters of the alphabet on the egg.*-
forming the top layer in an open box
that stood in the store, and then they
laid in wait. Almost the first per
son to enter the store yesterday was
Mr. Sweeney, and he was given a clear
field for larceny by Mr. Dickman, who
for that purpose retired to a rear
apartment, buj the eagle eye of the
policeman was riveted on the visitor.
When the eighteenth egg, marked "R""
and* bo entered as an exhibit, waft
transferred from the box to the hip
po< ket of Mr. Sweeney's pantaloons,
the arrest was made. For obvious rea
son the policeman's search of his
prisoner was not conducted with any
rudeness usually exercised in that pro
cess. The most intrepid law guardian
would hesitate to plunge his hand into
a pocketful of scrambled eggs.
In the court of Judge Mogan the
defendant acknowledged that the
eighteen eggs were found on his per
son, but he denied having stolen them
and declared they had been given to
him by his mother-in-law. The al
phabetical marks would not down,
however, and finally Mr. Sweeney
pleaded guilty as charged. He will be
sentenced for petty larceny.
Frank J. Harris, accused of steal
ing a typewriting machine from the
headquarters of the Building Trades
Council, 927 Market street, was sent
by Judge Cabaniss to answer a grand
larceny charge in the Superior Court.
From the North End Music Hall to
the court of Judge Mogan was con
veyed the information that Miss Eva
Dimples, soprano serio-comic, ac
cused of having waylaid and Mattered
Miss Alice Wainwright, clog and soft
shoe danseuse, was suffering from
nervous prostration and unable to ap
pear either in the tribunal or upon
the stage. As the understudy who
took Miss Dimples' place on the North
End programme could not reasonably
be expected to act as her substitute on
the court calendar also the case was
continued until March 1.
Mrs. Bella Pettigrew's charge of
battery against her husband. Andrew
J., a marine fireman, was dismissed
by the same magistrate after Patrol
man Heinrichs testified that to him
she confessed marital infidelity. The
Pettigrews keep a lodging-house at 13
Hawthorne street and the husband,
suspicious of the wife's fealty to him,
waited and watched until he was con
vinced of her guilt. When he burst
in one door of her apartment at 4:30
o'clock yesterday morning one James
O'Brien, a lodger in the house, fled
through another exit. It was for tap
ping her head with the heel of a shoe
which belonged to neither him nor
her that Mrs. Pettigrew had Mr. Pet
tigrew arrested.
See the swell booklets we make. - Edward
Koowle s Co.. 24 Second street.
NO MORE HOPE
FOR DIMMICK
Circuit Court of Appeals
Says Testimony Shows
Him to Be Clearly Guilty
PIEKCE GETS $15,000
Wong Din Must Serve Out
His Sentence of Imprison
ment in Conspiracy Case
Walter N. Dimmick's last appeal
from the judgment of the United
States District Court convicting him
of the theft of $30,000 from the
United States Mint was dismissed yes
terday by the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals. In passing upon
the case the appeal court said:
There is ample testimony given at the trial
tending to show that the money of the Gov
ernment was stolen from tho Mint and that
Dlmmick was the person who committed the
theft.
With reference to the point raised
as to the credibility of the witnesses
for the Government the court said:
The rule is well settled that the credibility
of the witnesses and the i>robatlve force of
facts Introduced in evidence are the sole
province of the jury. • • • The Appellate
Lourt cannot weigh the evidence. The only
question before the court is whether there is
any legal evidence to sustain the verdict.
Dimmick is serving an eight years*
sentence at San Quentin.
The court also sustained the ver»
diet of the jury In tne United States
Circuit Court awarding $15,000 dam
ages to Samuel C. Pierce for bodily
injures received while working under
ground in the mine of the Mountain
Copper Company, Limited. The appeal
court used this language:
The law, in our 'opinion, made it the duty of
the plaintiff in error to Inform the defendant
of the collar and set Pcrews, and how to per
form the dangerous task before sending or
permitting him in the course of his employ
ment to undertake it. • • • He was not fa
miliar with machinery. • • • True it is
that Tierce knew It was dangerous to approach
a shaft belt or other machinery In motion,
nevertheless it is the duty of the master, be
fore sending or permittinc an inexperienced
employe to perform such dangerous work, to
instruct him how to ptrform it and especially
to inform him of any hidden, concealed or ob
scure danger.
Judgment of the lower court was
affirmed in the cases of William Baei>
Ewing, convicted of using the post
office to further a scheme to defraud,
and Wong Din, convicted with Dasha
and Dempsey of conspiracy to land
Chinese illegally.
Weak Eyes cured by Murine. Cures
pink Eye and all inflamed conditions. •
Coffee Club's Banquet.
The Coffee Club Association gave a
banquet last night at the Central
Methodist Episcopal Church, H. EL
Hall presiding. The object of the club
is to found a social center which shall
be attractive to men and act as a
counter-attraction to the saloon. The
next banquet will take place in a
month.
Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420. •
SATS PARTNERS DKFHAUDBD HIM —
Edward Olson, who says that he has been de
frauded in a lot buying and cottage building
partnership with H. K. and T. W. McArthur
yesterday sued to recover $1087: for a dlsso'
lution of their partnership, an accounting and
an Injunction to prevent the withdrawal of
$500 of the partnership funds from bank.
ALLOWANCE GRANTED.— Fannie Lyons,
■widow of Charles Lyons, the tailor, who left
a fortune of nearly $70,000, was yesterday
awarded' a family allowance of fIOOO a month
from the estatr. The income of the two tai
loring establishments, now being condui-ted
by the administrators, is said to reach $1500 a
month.
- v MARKS ; BROS.
CLOSED ALL SAT TO-MORBOW
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
Open To-Nlght Until /10 ; O'clock.
ON SALE
TO-DAY
$1.25 FLANNELETTE f9e%^
WRAPPERS ... .*VC
WRAPPER ' like ' cut. ' made of HEAVY
1 QUALITY FLANNELETTE, yoke finished
•with ruffles.' trimmed in embroidery; BIAS
FLOUNCE » trimmed': in > braid. 'v;
. AO\ It ' < '^\. '
HAND J '\ _& .:./* ; ■ :
HAND BAG. like cut. comes in BROWN.
— BLACK AND ;; TAN braided ' handles;:
; fitted with coin curse.
a Clo«insr Out Our Entire Line of
Ki;h Grade Eiderdown Dressing Sacques
At $1 00 Your pick ■of » v our
"■;T.V"^ >a $3 and 84 Sacgneg.
CHILDREN'S CAPE COLLARS : lO r
750 Kind— To-08ay^. : .'. . : *
- Made of Point Venise Lace — colors cream
and white only. • v "'" -'-■
MARKS BROS.
x The Home of Honest Values
11220-12241 1220-1224 1 Market. St.
SYMMES FAVORS
VOTERS' LEAGUE
Would Expose All the Bad
in Lives of Candidates
Seeking a Public Office
CHICAGO AX EXAMPLE
Speaker Urges Churches to
Take Active Part in Work
of Making Politics Purer
"Civic Duty" was the subject pre
sented yesterday by Frank J. Symmes,
president of the Merchants' Associa
tion, before the Methodist Ministers'
Association at Epworth Hall. The
Rev. F. A. Keast presided and the hall
was crowded.
Symmes urged that all good citi
zens must go to the polls and vote tot
the best men. In this connection he
pointed out that the worst elements of
the city never neglect to cast their
votes, and while doing so they voted
not alone for themselves, but cast
votes for others.
He described the corruption at the \
lam August primary election and gave
Fairfax Wheelan and the Merchants' ;
Association praise for the part they <
had played in detecting and exposing
fraudulent voting. Then he told of the
good joke the Election Commission '
thought it was playing when it called
upon representative men, men of af
fairs, to do service at the booths. The I
result of their presence was obvious.
At the general election the very fact
that such men were at the booths had '
its influence and the frauds and con
ditions practiced at the primary elec
tton were not repeated.
The matter of selecting proper men
for civic positions was one which need
ed the prompt attention of the people
and as a safeguard against the nom
ination of men unworthy to represent '
the citizens of this community Symmes
urged the adoption in San Francisco
of "The Voters' League," which, he I
said, had proved of infinite value in
Chicago in that it had purged the
municipal government of numerous
men unworthy a position of trust.
He told of the complete exposures '
made by the league. It gave candi
dates for office full credit for honesty :
or otherwise.
EXPOSES SHADY ACTS.
It revealed In its printed pamphlet
whatever shady or rascally act was
associated with any candidate for of
fice, telling the voter plainly that such
a man was unfit to receive support. If
a man was a thief he was called a
thief, if a boodler he was so designated
in plain English.
There had been an attempt on the
part of candidates thus exposed to
charge the league with libel, but with
out success. Symmes expressed his
confidence that such a league in San
Francisco would be of advantage, for
then voters would have the character
of the aspirants for office before them.
He was of opinion that there was room
here for more organizations in the in
terest of good government besides the
Merchants' Association, and in advo
cating this he gave credit to the vari
ous clubs which were formed for just
such a purpose.
Symmes then told of the safety stai
tions and other public conveniences
which had been erected by the Mer
chants' Association, just to show the
city what the city could do. There
were those in the administration who
did not approve of the Merchants' As
sociation. It had imposed upon itself
the duty to prevent frauds at elections
while other matters of interest to city
government were under consideration.
The association supported civil service
principles; it had an attorney at Sac
ramento in the interests of good gov
ernment; the liquor question was re
ceiving its consideration, and if the
Liquor Dealers' Association could in
fluence candidates with the promise
that it controls 10,000 then surely a
citizens' organization could come out,
he thought, and pledge candidates
that it could commit 15.000 voters to
the best interests of the people. He
believed that a man preferred the sup
port of the better element. The
churches, he considered, ought to or
ganize societies and take care of the
next election. Symmes warned his
hearers that they "must get busy by
the next three months."
ADVISES BRETHREN.
In the discussion which followed
the Rev. A. C. Bane called upon his
hearers to rally to the support of the
Merchants' Association and help in
the cause of good government.
The Christian church convention
committee. Dr. W. M. White chair
man, received a notification from the
East last night announcing the ac
ceptance of the railroad rate from St.
Louis and Chicago to San Francisco,
which is one first-class fare for the
round trip. It was also said that
there is a strong desire on the part of
delegates and their friends to visit
San Francisco next August, and while
there will not be quite so large a gath
ering here as would have been the
case had the rate been the same as re
quested, still the convention commit
tee may expect and arrange for a
large attendance.
The Union Evangelical Committee
met in the Y. M. C. A. auditorium
yesterday afternoon, Bishop John
Hamilton, D. D., LL.D., in the chair,
to consider a great evangelical revival
in San Francisco, conducted by Dr.
Wilbur Chapman and his staff. It
was resolved that the general com
mittee, composed of every clergyman
and one layman of the various de
nominations, agree to the movement
and that the general committee ap
point an executive committee of one
from each denomination represented.
Dr. Chapman will be here Tuesday,
March 7.
WELCOME NEW COMMANDERS
OF THE SALVATION ARMY
Mr. and Mrs. Kilbcy Receive a Royal
Reception at Lyric Hall From
Memljers and Friends.
Commander Kilbey of the Salva
tion Army and Mrs. Kilbey were
royally welcomed last night at Lyric
Hall. The hall was crowded with
members of the army and its friends,
e^ger to meet the new commanders.
Mr. and Mrs. Kilbey arrived from
South Africa a short time ago to as
sume the duties of commanders of the
West. In a few days they will leave
for Chicago, where they will makes
their headquarters.
Colonel French made a few remark*
and then introduced the new com.
manders to the audience. When Mr.
Kilbey took the - platform he was
heartily cheered. He spoke at length
of the good work this body had done
for the Door and downfallen and re
cited many instances of reformation*
brought about by the army. He said
that, in the future the Salvation Army
intended to 'do more "prison gate
work" among those who had erred.
Mrs. Kilbey told many interesting
stories of her work with the poor. Th*.
last meeting of the commanders wih
be held in Chinatown od Xhucsday
evening.
GRAND JURY
AFTER LEVY
Objects to His Methods of
Caring for "Corporation
Yard" Cartage Receipts
TEEASUKEE IS IGNORED
Inquisitors Insist Munici
pal Funds Shall All Go
Through Usual Channel
The business methods of the "cor
poration yard," which is under the
control of the Department of Public
Works, are being inquired into by the
Grand Jury, and the matter will prob
ably receive attention at its session
this afternoon.
A considerable amount of property
found obstructing public thorough
fares is gathered up every month by
the department and stored at the cor
poration yard until the owner redeems
it. He is compelled to pay the cost
of cartage. In these transactions th»
moneys do not pass through the city
treasury. The grand jurors declare
that municipal employes should not
handle any funds except through the
usual medium of the City and County
Auditor and the Treasurer.
Expert Young also discovered that
Morris Levy, secretary to the Public
Works Commission, has had $100 in
his possession for a year that was col
lected at the corporation yard, but
was never turned into the treasury.
It appears that property which a p<K
liceman had ordered off the street re
mained at the yard for a long time
without a claim for it by its owner. A
purchaser was found who put up a de*
posit of $100. He regretted his bar
gain, however, and the deposit was
forfeited. But to whom it was forv
feited no one seems to know. It is
explained that there is no provision
for turning such money into the city's
treasury and that Levy has simply
kept it because he did not know what
to do with it.
The Grand Jury has ideas of its
own in the matter, however, and is
giving the case a thorough investiga
tion. Secretary Levy also has on hand
$49. surplus of collections for cartage
of the dry goods boxes, scrap iron and
the like that were summarily hauled
off the street. Those who redeem the^
property are mulcted in a slight
amount for the purpose of raising a
fund with which to pay for hauling
the loads that are not redeemed.
The Grand Jury is working on the ;
theory that the secretary has no right j
to arrogate to himself the authority ;
to handle funds on his own responsi- i
bility that are received in the coarse j
of municipal business.
Public Works Commissioners Mae
stretti, Eagan and Aigeltinger were
before a committee of grand jurorst
yesterday. District Attorney Bying
ton. who was present, insisted that
the plan of having city funds handled
by a secretary and not through the
Auditor and the Treasurer was highly
improper and pointed out that tho
Bond and Warrant Clerk in his office
must turn bail moneys over to the
Treasurer, although they may be re
paid within <i few hours.
BXAI B'RITH GRAND LODGE
TO HEXP JEWISH AI/LJAXCE
The Golden Anniversary of the Order
to Be Observed by a Two Days'
Celebration.
At yesterday's session of the district
Grand Lodge No. 4 of the Independent
Order of B'nai B'rith many matters
relative to minor amendments to the
laws were presented and discussed,
and it was decided to have an even
ing session for the purpose of act
ing upon them.
The grand body adopted the report
of the special committee to the effect
that the fiftieth anniversary of the
founding of the order in this jurisdic
tion shall be held in this city August
14 and 15. There will be a pro
gramme of exercises commemorative
of the event, a grand ball and a aup
per.
The Grand Lodge has decided to as
sist the Jewish Alliance, which has for
its purpose the assistance of Jewish
immigrants. A special committee will
be appointed to take charge of the
matter and one member of the order
will be added to the committee from
each place in the jurisdiction in which
there is a lodge of the order. It will
be a part of the duties of the com
mittee to find employment for those
new arrivals in need of it.
The report of the committee on the
state of the order was adopted as pre
sented.
An amendment to the general laws
was adopted. It is to the effect that
applicants for membership in lodges
that do not have benefits shall not be
required to undergo a medical exam
ination.
At the election to be held to-day
there will be sixteen candidates for
the eight positions of representatives
to the constitutional Grand Lodge that
is to meet in New Orleans this year.
TO URGE VACCINATION— AIthough this
city has been exempt from a smallpox epi- ,
demic for more than five yean, there have '
been numerous cases of the dread contagion
in this city, necessitating the keeping open of
the Smallpox Hospital. In almost every caae i
the person afflicted has never been vaccinated. '
There ia nov.- a bill before the Legislature
to repeal the present law that makes vacdna- !
tlon compulsory- Alfred Russell Wallace '
Herbert Spencer and many great scientists op- I
pose vaccination, it Is said. A committee from
the Board of Health will probably visit Sac
ramento and use its endeavors to have the bill
defeated.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO-DAY
You had better get a bottle of
'Adams"
IRISH MOSS
Coughßalsam
Twenty-five cents is a cheap
cure. : Don't delay till your
lungs are sore, your cough
hard ; and the doctor says
"Consumption."
AGED BURGLAR
BEHIND BARS
Henry Cook Arrested While
Making Attempt to Break
Into an Apartment House
LOOKING IT HIS EECORD
Two Watches Found on the
Prisoner Are Identified
by K. D. Burtis, the Owner
One of the burglars who has been
j operating In the Western Addition was
arrested early yesterday morning by
Policeman E. J. Plume as he w^s at
] tempting to break into an apartment
house at 1038 Post street. Plume took
him to the City Prison, where he gave
! the name ; of Henry Cook. "When
, searched . two gold watches, two nickel
j watches and some skeleton keys were
j found in his pockets. He was • locked
| up pending developments.
A few hours later R. D. .Burtis,
I clerk. in the freight auditor's office of ,
the Southern Pacific Company, report-
\ ed to the police that his residence at*
i 813 Webster street was entered by a.}
! burglar about 2 o'clock yesterday
morning. His wife was awakened by
I the noise of some one moving about
t the house. A gold watch and a nickel
j watch were stolen from a jewel box.
i Burtis was shown the watches found
: in Cook's possession and he identified
; two of them as the ones stolen from
; him. .
The prisoner is between 80 and 70
years of age. The police are under the <
I impression that he Is an old-timer at
I the burglary, business. Detective Ser
i geant Bainbridge- of the identification
j bureau has been unable so far to place
I him, but a careful examination of the
j "rogues" gallery" will be made in the
j hope that the prisoner's photograph
may be recognized there.
Cook tells a story that two men
were fighting on the street and before
commencing the battle each handed
him his watch to keep. During the
progress of the fight a policeman ap
peared and they ran away in different
directions.
■ ♦ ■
LEE LOOK STILL SMILES.— Le« Look,
convicted Chines* murderer, appeared for*
the State Supreme Court yesterday on a writ
of habeas corpus. He contends that ho has
been Illegally removed from the Santa Clara
County Jail to San Quentin while an appeal to
the United States Supreme j Court was pend
ing 1 . He wants to return to San Jose, but the
Justices have remanded him to the custody of
Warden Tornpklns pending a thorough consid
eration of the matter. Lee Look was In court
yesterday to show that expansive smile of his
ttiat gave the Santa Clara County Sheriff such
uneasiness? The prisoner has been in the deep
shadow of - the gallows for four years.
j /' ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ mr^ THE. *
I CURTAZ
PIANO
Well known and |
favoralJlD known all I
over the West, It I
easilu leads in Its |
I SOLD ON I
I INSTALLMENTS * \
I Beni CURTA2 * *- I
1 16 OTarrell St., S. F. |
I - San ] Jose, Alaxneda, Fresno m
•*" -^ " '- • >■- - -- - ■ -■;-!..
_IIIiIiIi ! 1 I I I I '_'
: Hotel SI. Francis :
' _ FAVORITE Lt'NCHIN'O PLACE., _|
I Fashionable set gather here for
afternoon tea. —
— Moat unique dining place in San —
I _ . Francisco. _
__ ConTenient for after-theater supper.
I _ , ~
_ America's Model Hotel I
I ! y i rii \ r > ' i i i m ' '
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. XNVIGORA-
■ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The - Mexican - Remedy for Diseases of th»
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
828 Market St., 3. (Send for Circulars.) •
X4o^,jf MEMMDWOMEft.
*nES7vTTB£&%2k UitßlgOfornnattaml
£mPt» 1«• S iM^B dl*char|**,inflanim»tioi
JBV S«arsatM« ■ irritations or nlcer»tloas
■•>■ MttMitran." of muooas n3emDr»n««.
r f Ti—m* c— «■«<—. Painless, and not astrto*
g?»\THE lias CHEMiatICB. cant or Boisonoas.
MJL UMUUU7I.O.KB9 «siM by DrargUta,
t. S. j- li^r »r ssnt in plain wr»pp«R.
■ Circular tect as mass*.
/^Jk Dr. Gibbpn-s Dispensary,
Jm(TTfIWJ m(TT flW 629 KXABXY ST. Kstabllsbed
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
629 KDIBSV »T. KstabliaU^J
143*
< urf* faari»ntri*4.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
| Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
feta ;on Application..
oils. _• '-_ _■
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * ELLI3.
. ■ 418 Front «L.- 8- F. Phone Main 1718.
■ . '■; '-~ . :-' ■- ■ ■■ yjmi't'UlQ. ■ ■
E. C. HUGHES, Sll • Sansoms St.. 3. i\
t. nUunt>, 311 Sacscma St.. 3. F*
.-••■■ it '- - ?<&mmaßm&uaam