•VOLUME XCVI— NO. 79.
War News Continued oa Pace 6,
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 17. — A
dispatch from . General Kuropatkin,
dated from Anshanshan and convey
ing the congratulations of the army to
the Emperor, on the birth of an heir to
the throne, says: .
"We await a decisive battle with the
Japanese army advancing upon us,
gladly anticipating meeting: , the foe
and proving our fidelity to | our * Em
peror and country."
Kuropatkin Says His Army Awaits the
Foe's ! Attack.
EXPECTS DECISIVE BATTLE.
Green PInms and Ice Water Fatal.
FRESNO. Aug. 17.— Because he ate
gTeen rJums and drank too freely of
,ice water W. P. Stoneroad breathed his
last just two hours later. Stoneroad
was a prominent citizen and formerly
was County Surveyor of Merced Coun
*ty for twelve years.
Rebellion hi Congo Free State.
BRUSSELS, Aue. 17.— It is reported
here that a rebellion has broken out In
Ihe Mon^aUa River district of the
rongo Free State, and that troops hare
been sent there.
STATESBORO, Ga., Aug. 17.— One
negro found dead by the roadside five
miles east of the town, his body pierced
by two rifle bullets; two negroes, one
of the "old-time darkies,"" and his son,
seventeen years* old, shot in their
cabin during the late hours of last
night by unknown marauders; a half
dozen cases of flogging— euch was the
local history of the day.
The scene of excitement has shifted
from this city to the rich agricultural
region surrounding it. At Riggs mill
several well-to-do planters met to-day
and planned to rid their neighborhood
of obnoxious negroes. Individual ne
groes were marked for lashings and to
night part of the programme was being
carried out.
It is said to-night that the Statesboro
militia men had prepared their resig
nations for the Governor. Military mis
management was manifested when the
officer In command. It Is reported, took
charge of the local telegraph office and
lor- an hour censored all messages.
FIGHT AT LONG RANGE.
Japanese Thwart Efforts of Russian
Ships to Close With Them.
ST. PETERSBURG, Augr. 17.—Fur
ther interesting: details of the sea battle
of August 10, received at the admiralty
The deterioration of the wheat crop
in the Northwest has affected the
local market and prices, are going
steadily upward. It is reported that
the damage to the crop will be much
greater; than was at first estimated.
The reports from the ..East had a
marked effect on the local market
yesterday and thousands of tons of
December option,, which includes the
privilege of- delivering Walla Walla
and ; Sonora wheat at a reduction,
changed hands during the day. Strict
ly! No. 1 California December wheat
commanded an unusual price and
spot wheat was firm, but made no ad
vance, as buyers and sellers were
apart. . ' ;
As a result of. the advance in the
price of wheat local millers have ad
vanced, the price of flour -20 cents a
barrel. This Is the first change the
millers have- made in prices in 'two
months.
WHEAT PRICES STILL
STEADILY ADVANCING
Hensley was found by the police yes
terday suffering intense pain. He told
them that since his parachute leap at
Courtland Beach the preceding even-
Ing he had felt the peculiar sinking
heaviness In the pit of the stomach
and difficulty In breath experienced
when he began to make the parachute
jumps a dozen years ago— the same
feeling, he says, persons unused to rid
ing In fast elevators of office buildings
experience, only more pronounced.
OMAHA, Aug. 17.— For the rest of
his natural life Harry Hensley will b«
subject to the awful sensations of al
ways being shooting downward through
space. Hensley has been a professional
balloonist. So often has he made para
chute leaps from balloons that a nerv
ous affection has been developed, pro
ducing the effect of perpetually falling,
even thouglf his body is at rest. • Phy
sicians at the Presbyterian Hospital,
where Hensley is being treated, say
that his case is the strangest encoun
tered in many years' experience and
that the disease is new to medical sc
ence.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
Georgians Attempt to Rid
Statesboro District
of Blacks.
This method is now used almost ex
clusively in Germany and it has been
shown by experience that only 1.5 per
cent of t-he victims die when eo treated.
This contrasts very favorably with the
6 per cent of deaths among victims not
vaccinated, .but trected medically, and
the 11 per cent of deaths among those
undergoing no treatment.
Out of 2S1 persons who had been bit
ten by mad dogs and then vaccinated
only four died of hydrophobia, and the
others recovered after a slight attack.
CALL. BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 17. — Unusual
success in preventing hydrophobia by
vaccination at the hospitals in Berlin
this summer is reported in a communi
cation received from Richard Guen
ther, the United States Consul General
"at Frankfort, German v.
Ep«d*J Dispatch to Th« CalL
It is evident that these troops have
combined with the object of forcing
the Russians out of Liaoyang without
a fight, thus securing advantageous
winter quarters. It is not believed the
Japanese have enough men to consum
mate the movement until the release
of a large number of troops now be
sieging Port Arthur.
Bandits under the command of the
celebrated Toulisan cut up a party of
scouts under the command of Captain
Transoff In the village of Syaba, twen
ty-five miles west of Liaoyang, yester
day. Captain Slushiviski coming up
with reinforcements scattered the ban
dits, killing eighteen and capturing
four. The village was burned and many
explosions were heard, evidently of con
cealed ammunition. The place was the
headquarters of Toulisan, who claims
to be a colonel In the Japanese service.
LIAOTANG. Aug. 17.— A general
Japanese flanking movement is devel
oping to the east and parallel with the
railroad. The movement involves the
whole mas of troops from Dalien Pass,
about twenty-five miles southwest of
Tatchekiao, to Diodinshan, on the
Taitse River, thirty-five miles south
east of Mukden.
There have been times In the last
year when the balloonist would be
seized by dizzy spells on the streets
and feel that he was dropping through
the air at terrific speed, as he doe$
from the balloon.
The case has challenged the interest
of the oldest practitioners in* the city.
They declare that the falling sensation,
having been growing upon the patient
for months, has become an incurable
disease.
Medical skill has brought no relief to
the balloonist In the moments when he
Is seized by nausea and violent vomit-;
Ing from the sensation of falling great
distances.
Hensley's present fall will «nd only
hi the grave, say the mtn of medlcinu
at the hospital.
OTTAWA, Ont., Aug. 17. — Alfred G.
Lee of Denton, Texas, secretary of the
Board of Trafce there, and who claims
to have discovered the secret of lon
gevity In the establishment of model
towns based on universal brotherhood
ideas, writes that his visit to Ottawa
recently impressed him with the suit
ability of this district for the estab*
lishment of a model town. He say*
he will return in a short time to carry
out his scheme. He will name the
place Philanthropy.
Texan Will Establish Village Accord
ing to Universal Brotherhood
Ideas hi Canada.
MODEL TOWNS CONDUCIVE
TO LONGEVITY SAYS LEE
Perpetually Experiences the
Disagreeable Sensation
of Falling."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— Henry
B. F. MacFarland, Commissioner of
the District of Columbia, has 510 rare
Japanese stamps for sale, the pro
ceeds to go to a fund for the benefit
o£ the widows and families of Japan
ese soldiers killed in the war with
Russia.
The stamps came from a Japanese
scholar by the name of Tajima His
akichl. They were addressed to the
(Commissioner, with a request that he
sell them and remit the proceeds. The
boy wrote that he wanted to raise
some money to help those left desti
tute by the war and thought he might
be able to do it in this way. having
heard that many Americans were fond
of collecting rare stamps.
Commissioner MacFarland has ad
vised the young man that he cannot
act for him in his official capacity, but
that personally he would see what he
could do for him.
Japanese Lad Sends Rare Stamps to
• Be Sold in This Country.
BOY RAISING A WAR FUND.
THREE NEGROES
ARE SLAIN AND
MANY WHIPPED
BALLOONIST'S
DISEASE HAS
QUEER EFFECT
VACCINATION
IS A CURE FOR
HYDROPHOBIA
Hundreds of Cases Success
•. fully Treated in Ger
man Hospitals.
Corn sold at 60 cents a bushel to-day,
the highest price since the crop failure
of 1901. •::;;:,;;:
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— Not since the
Letter boom in 1898 has there been wit
nessed; such excitement as. prevailed
on the Produce Exchange to-day. The
wheat pit was in a turmoil and re
sembled the Cotton Exchange - during
January and February, when cotton
prices were soaring.
Wheat, was the chief point of Interest
and corn had a secondary position. The
almost frantic efforts of Chicago trad
ers to obtain . wheat were duplicated
here, and advances, although not so
substantial as in the Western city, were
generally recorded. The mainspring of
activity was fear of frost coming on
top of the extensive damage done the
crop through rust. In Winnipeg a tem
perature of 38 degrees was reported,
and similar low records were reported
throughout the Red River Valley. This
was regarded as indicating a frost,
which would kill and further impair an
already short crop.
'The greatest advance was witnessed
in May option, amounting to 5 cents a
bushel. Wheat for delivers* next May
sold at $1 09% a bushel on Tuesday
night, and to-day it touched $1 14%.
September wheat sold up to $1 12%, and
December wheat to $^13%. The net
gain at the close averaged 4 cents a
bushel.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
This activity on the part of the con
suls has engendered a bitter feeling
toward them by the foreign wine pro
ducers and exporters and in some in
stances they have succeeded In mak
ing the consuls' stay at their posts un
pleasant.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 17.— American
consuls in the wineproducing'countries
of Europe are getting into hot water
through their obedience to the orders
of the State Department to make
minute reports on the method of prep
aration and of shipment of wine des
tined for American consumption. The
consuls have worked with surprising
results, it is said, for the extent of
adulteration and doctoring of foreign
export wines never before had been
appreciated.
Officials* Exposure of Methods of Ex
- porters ami Others Creates
Bitter Feeling.
CONSULS' REPORTS AROrSE
TOREIGN WINE PRODUCERS
TIENTSIN, Aug. 17. — It Is asserted
here that the missing vessels of the
Russian squadron did not return to
Port Arthur and it is believed they
have reached Vladivostok.
LONDON, Aug. 18. — A dispatch to
the Central News from Vladivostok,
dated August 17, says the cruisers
Rossla and Gromoboi of the Vladivos
tok squadron have returned there.
CHEFl", Aur; 18. — Japanese shells
have ignited lighters in the Port Ar
thnr clocks which contain supplies of
coal, resultine in a terrific conflacrra
tion. Many of the buildings have been
demolished and the hospitals are
crowded.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 17. — Rus
sia has njrreed to the disarmament of
the Rus«Ian cruiser Askold, now nt
Shanghai.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 18.— A Japanese
squadron Is expected here to-day.
Japan Is determined, it is stated, that
the protected cruiser Askold and the
torpedo-boat destroyer Grozovoi shall
leave port promptly or dismantle.
Captain Matousevitch says the Jap
anese kept at a distance of less than
five miles. The efforts of the Russians
to close with the Japanese and ! sink
some of their vessels by ramming them
or -by gunfire, even at the cost -of
themselves going • to the bottom, were
consequently unsuccessful. The Japan
ese would not permit the Russians to
approach, but the rain of projectiles
never ceased.
The twelve-inch shell which glanced
off the Cesarevitch's forward turret
and blew up the bridge on w-hich the
late Admiral Withoeft and his . staff
were standing was fired at a range of
eight miles.
frGm Captain Matousevitch, of the
Cesarevitch, now at Tsingchou, show
distinctly that- it was a long range
fight, and that the Russians, sailing in
close formation, were placed at a, great
disadvantage, not only by the super
iority of the Japanese numbers, but
owing to the fact that, after encom
passing Admiral Withoeffs semicircle,
the Japanese were enabled to .pour in
a remarkably deadly fire upon the flee
ing'ships. .-
Frantic Efforts by Traders
to Cover Continue
the Advance.
Kuropatkin's Army.
Japanese Begin a General Flanking
Movement to the East of
WHEAT PRICES
SOAR UPWARD
ON EXCHANGE
JAPANESE CARRYING THE WALLED
TOWN OP KINCHOU AT THE POINT
OF : THE ¦ BAYONET.
CHICAGO. Aug. 37.— Four persons
were killed, another fatally hurt and
twenty-three slightly injured in a col
lision late this afternoon between an
express train on the Chicago Great
Western Railroad and a train of three
trolley cars bound for the Hawthorne
race track. The dead:
MRR. FRANCES RAUTMAN.
WII.I.IAM IRVING, died in hospital
after amputation of leg.
MRS. JEREMIAH SHUCKROW,
Danville. I1L
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN, about 30
years old.
. FalAJly Injured: Michael Ryan, mo
torman; skull fractured.
The injuries of the others consisted
of cuts, bruises and sprains.
The accident occurred at the crossing
of Forty-eighth avenue and the Chi
cago Great Western tracks. The train
was coming into the city and, accord
ing to some witnesses, was running at
high speed. Others and the train crew
pay that they were not going more
than twenty miles an hour.
The trolley train, which was made
up of a motor car and two trailers, was
in charre of Conductor W. H. Condon
and Motorman Michael Ryan. The car
struck the train just between the en
gine and tender. The motor car was
torn to splinters. The car immediately
behind turned over, was badly wrecked
and was dragged along the track for
300 feet.
Motorman Ryan remained at hfs
post and was fatally hurt. To those
who came to aid him while he lay on
the ground he said:
"The brakes would not work. That
was what* caused it. When I saw that
they -would not work I reversed the
current. Now get aside and be quiet
and I will be all right."
Immediately after saying this Ryan
became unconscious. At the hospital
it was found that his skull was frac
tured and that his death was a ques
tion of a few hours only.
All of the persons killed occupied
seats in the front of the first car. One
woman, yet unidentified at the morgue,
had Just taken a f?eat offered her by
William Tennis. She rolled under the
motor car and was horribly manglea.
Tennis, after giving up his seat, went
to the rear of the car and escaped with
slight injuries.
All of the members of the Chicago
Great Western train crew and the con
ductor of the trolley cars were placed
under arrest, pending an investigation.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— Ths most
sensational incident In the great build
ing trades lockout and strike, which
have thrown nearly 25,000 workmen
into idleness, came to-day when Philip
Weinseimer, president and organizer of
the Building Trades Alliance, was ar
rested on a charge of extortion. When
the labor leader was arraigned he was
confronted by George J. Essigr, a
plumber, who charged that on Decem
ber 3 last he paid Weinseimer $1000 so
that work could be resumed upon an
apartment house on Riverside Drive.
Weinseimer's counsel appeared to be
anxious to have the examination go 'an
at once, but, upon motion of District
Attorney Jerome, It was put over until
to-morrow, bail being fixed at $1500 and
given.
In an affidavit Essig says that in De
cember last he had the contract for
the plumbing In the Chatsworth build
ing; that Weinseimer called a strike
and two days later said that for $2700
he would put the plumbers back at
work. • *
Essig said he could not- pay the sum
in full and agreed to pay $1000 imme
diately and give notes for the balance.
He had taken up all the notes but one,
which was due to-day, and. on the ad
vice of the District Attorney he took
marked bills to pay the remainder.
When Weinseimer was arrested Essig
had just signaled to the detectives that
the labor leader had the ma»-jed bills
in his possession. The detecwes' did
not find the money on the prisoner,
however.
As the examination began District
Attorney Jerome, somewhat excited,
pushed to the front and peremptorily
called Robert P. Bell, one of the law
yers, to the witness stand. Bell had
started to leave the courtroom.
District Attorney Jerome asked If he
had received any money from any per
son in the courtroom. Bell replied that
he had received one one-dollar bill. The
District Attorney wanted to know if he
had seen any other money pass in the
courtroom and the lawyer said that he
had not. He said he was willing to
show all the bills he had. but the other
lawyers objected to this.
"I am asking these questions." said
Jerome, "because of occurrences In this
courtroom. I am Informed by a lawyer
in good standing at the New York bar
that bills were passed by this defend
ant to this witness."
The witness denied that he had re
ceived any money from Weinseimer.
.WORCESTER. Mass.. Aug. 17. — Sen
ator George Frisbie Hoar lies dying in
the house in Oak avenue, in this city,
which he has made his home for nearly
fifty years. He may linger for several
days, but his physicians agree that the
inevitable end is very near. His fam
ily physician and Dr. Folsom of Boston
in consultation this afternoon,
ut were unable to find any ground for
nope of his recovery.
Senator Koar is dying of general
iveakness consequent upon his long ill
ness. His hearts action is impaired.
his kidneys have almost ceased to per
form the!r functions, his lung^ 4W fill
ins up, yet his brain is clear. He is
perfectly conscious of his condition and
ci.^cusses it freeiy with his son, Dis
frict Attorney Rockwood Hoar, who is
constantly at his bedside. Miss Mary,
Hoar, the Senator's only daughter, is
also with him. as are his eon's wife
and her two children. His personal
Senate messenger, Edward Doherty, is
within call at all times.
. Senator Hoar some time ago ex
prfss*<i the hope that when his end
came its approach should not be ac
companied by an impairment of mind
or severe pain. Both wishes are grati
fied. He talked and joked with his
physician to-day and made playful re
marks to hi? little grandchildren when
they came in on their daily visit. AH
his earthly matters are arranged and
h*> contemplates th*» end with perfect
serenity.
The Senator's illness dates back to an
attack of lumbago in Washington last
spring, which kept him from his place
in the Senate. When he came home he
•"emed to have nearly recovered, but
was not Ftronff. and hfs physicians
earnestly cautioned him to take a com
plete rest. and. above all things, not to
attempt any public speaking. He dis
regarded the injunction when, late in
May. he delivered a forty-minute ad
dress in the open air at the bicenten
nial celebration of the town of Sutton.
Hoar- has been a member of the Sen
ate since 1S77.
•
Fp*!CiaJ Dlf patch to Tb* CalL
"These prices," said Taylor, "went
into effect this morning. Thev cannot
be considered as a cut In the prices of
the pooling agreement, as there was
no such agreement regarding thl3 com
pany's products. I can't say anything
as to the purpose of the cut. The
United States Steel Corporation would
be the one to make a statement on
this subject. We simply get our in
structions and give out prices."
Dispatches from Pittsburg. however,
announced that the cut extended from
$5 to $12 a ton. As the normal annual
output of wire products of the United
States Steel Corporation is about 1,000,
000 tons, it was estimated that the gross
Income of subsidiary companies manu
facturing such products will thereby
be cut down from 53,000,000 to $12,000,
000 a year.
. While rails and billet* were not af
fected by to-day's cut, it was realized
that a great price war i3 imminent,
and this in spite of the fact that the
heads of the big iron and steel com
panies in this city and Pittsburg would
not admit that they had reduced the
prices of structural steel. An open
market was predicted in all the princi
pal steel products excepting rails.
According to T. H. Tavror. assistant
general sales agent of the company, the
reductions amounted to $4 a ton on
wire nails. $7 a ton on barbed wire and
$5 a ton on fence wire.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— "With a sharp
reduction in the prices of wire products
the United States Steel Corporation
to-day, at one blow, nullified the ef
fect of the bargain by the Republic
Iron and Steel Company with the Pitts -
burgr Steel companies in selling billets
at $19 a ton. The long heralded con
flict between the steel trust and the in
dependent concerns "was opened, and
Wall street, alive to the situation,
looked UDon the breaking up of the
various steel pools as an accomplished
fact. -- ' - •;. V .',;
Special Dispatch t» Th* Call.
Prospective Millions Lost in Profits
Will Go Into the Pockets of
Builders. •
Sensational Denouement in Struggle
Between Building Trades
and Contractors.
Serene and Cheerful, With His Earthly
Aflkirs Arranged, He Awaits
the Final Call.
Bnkes Fail to Work When Attempt
Is Made to Slow Down at
a Crossing.
New York Plumper Swears
That He Purchased
Immunity.
Four Persons Are Killed
and More Than a
Score Injured.
Breaking Up of the Various
Pools*Now an Accom
plished Fact.
Physicians Agree That There
Is No Hope lor the
Aged Patient
Chicago Racetrack
Crowd in Rail
Collision.
Extortion Is Charged
Against Labor
Leader.
Trust Strikes at tbe
Independent
Concerns.
Senator Hoar's Life
Is Drawing to
a Close.
BAY STATE'S
GRAND OLD
MAN DYING
ORGANIZER
OF STRIKE
ARRESTED
ELECTRIC
CARS DASH
INTO TRAIN
STEEL WAR
BRINGS CUT
IN PRICES
TOKIO, Aug. 18.— The Mikado has received from the commander of his forces at Port Arthur the Russian general's reply to the imperial demand for a surrender. In his
reply Lieutenant General Stoessel expresses thanks for the humanitarian offer to grant safe conduct to all non-combatants within the Russian lines. The demand to surrender Stoessel
refuses uncompromisingly, and declares his garrison will fight to the last man in defense of the fortress. /
PORT ARTHUR WILL FIGHT TO THE LAST
THX WEATHER. -,^— ¦** *
Porectuit made at San Pran
cltco for thirty noun ending
midnight, AugTist IS:
San Francisco and ricinity—
Cloudy Thursday; liglit south
erly winds, chanflttg to briii
westerly, with for. .
a. a. aceASxs,
District rorecaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, l$04.
ATra.iax "TTio *""»»« " Hit"
lnee To-Bay.
Calif oralsi — "Just Before Sawn."
Central — "Fox Her Children's
SaJte,"
Chute* — Vaudeville.
Columbia — " Joseph 1^ tangled."
PUcher'i — "Th« Whirl of thm
Town."
Grand — "The lottery of tove."
Orpsenm — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Say.
TiTOll— "Th* T0XC9*±g» n
TBS TXEATSSS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallTeachers of penmanship naturally do
a flourishing business.
It is now proposed that an organi
zation shall be formed, whose affairs
rhaJl be administered by trustees and
that each member of the force shall
contribute LO cents as an assessment
Jn case of death. In this way 53500
would be raised.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— A move
ment has been instituted among the
nsembers of the New York police force
,to form an association for the pur
pose of assisting families of officers
killed In the performance ' of their
duty. Numerous deaths of this kind
have occurred recently In fires and
battles with burglars. As a rule the
victim left a large family without
means and the only help they re
ceived was a small contribution from
the riot relief fund.
POLICE WANT PROTECTION
FOR OFFICERS' FAMILIES
Gotham Rluecoats Will Organize As
e soeiatlon to Provide Means for
Widows and Children.
WILL INSTALL RABBI. — Rev. Bernard
Kaplan, newly elected rabbi of the Bush
street synagogue, will be Installed as pastor
of the church next Saturday mornlnc by Rev.
Jacob Voorsanger. ,
High Scores of Army Marksmen.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17. — The world's
record for army targ-et shooting was,
according to army, officials, twice bro
ken by members of the team.-whicfc
will' leave Fort Sheridan to take par
in the competition at Fort' Riley
Kans., on the 22d lnst. Th« . . htgfe
scores were made by Sergeant Luns
ford. Second Infantry. 3-*6t and Cap
tain F. L. Graham, Porto Rico regl
ment. 844. .-' - ; ¦ r
rORTE'S NOTE CONTAINS
A STRANGE RESERVATION
Confirms Agreement Concerning
Schools but Provides for De
partmental Formalities.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 17. — The
Porte has addressed a formal note to
the American Legation confirming its
undertaking to accord equal treat
ment to American schools and kin
dred institutions as that granted to
the most favored nation, "subject to
the accomplishment of the usual de
partmental formalities."
In spite of the seeming reservation
l f . is not believed that the Porte will
raise further difficulties In executing
the agreement or run the risk of cre
ating a fresh crisis, which American
diplomatic circles declare would fol
low promptly any failure to loyally
carry out the arrangement.
Must Pay for Newton.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Aug. 17. — The
National Baseball Commission held
to-day that- the Pacific Coast League
should pay to the New York American
League club $500 advance money paid
to Pitcher Doc. Newton in 1903. The
New York American club awarded
Newton to the Brooklyn National
League club, but the player refused to
sign with the Brooklyn club and
Jumped to the Pacific Coast {League.
Lumber Industry Thrives.
TACOMA, Aug. 17.— Contrary to gen
eral expectation, the fumbersh'ipments
from Washington during the first elx
months of this year showed an increase
of 38,000.000 feet, or over 10 per cent,
over the same period last year. From
January until July of this year the
mills shipped 391,000,000 feet.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug.
17. — The schedule of preliminary and
intercollegiate football games to be
played by Stanford during the season
of 1904 was announced to-day. The
season will open with a game between
the varsity and the Olympic Club ol
San Francisco on September 17. Th«
other games are as follows: Olympic
Club. October 1; Sherman Indians,
October 8; Stanford-California inter
collegiate freshmen game, October 15;
University of Nevada, October 22;
University of Oregon. October 29;
Stanford-California annual intercol
legiate contest, November 12. With
the exception of the game with the
University of California, which will be
played on the new field at Berkeley
the entire schedule will b© played or
the Stanford campus.
Stanford's Football Schedule.
2:14 trot, mile heats, two In three — Sweet
Marie won the first and third heats. Time,
2:08, 2 : 1 1 >i . The second was a dead heat be
tween Sweet Marie and Arlsto. Time, 2:0SU-
Katherlne A, Alexander, Lady Fatchle, The
Rajah and Mary Gare also started.
2:12 trot, purse ?1200, dash, one and «n
eighth mtleS— Single K won in 2:27»i. Nor
man B second. Lady Gall Hamilton third.
Anna Little, Morn, Olive, Blackthorn and
Billie Foster Bov also started.
2:10 pac, purse $*n<>. one mile dash — Belle
Star won In 2:0OH. Brown Heels second. Dar
ius third. Sadie Baron. Olivewo^d. Katv H.
Dandy C. Red Bird. Ben F and Miss Ophelia
also started. .„--«
2:23 pace for three-year-olds, purse $2000,
one mile beats— Dorcas H won both hpats.
Time. 2:ll>i. 2:12^. Buckler. Teddy Wea
ver. Bolass, Simon Kenton and Queen of Fort
hur?t also started.
2:21 class, trottlne, purse $600. <Ja*h, one
and an eighth miles — Louvaln won in 2:43.
Hidrastlne second. Only two starters.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17. — At Bright
on to-day the feature, the $10,000
Long Island stakes for 2:14 trotting
class, was won by the California mare,
Sweet Marie, a favorite. Summary:
Takes the $10,000 Long Island Stakes,
the Feature Event at the.Brlght
on Beach Meetinjj.
CALIFORNIA TROTTIXG MARE
SWEET MARIE A WINNER
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 17.— The
Santa Barbara polo tournament was
inaugurated to-day with a contest be
tween the Reds, B. C. Boeseke, J. L.
Colby, H. Weiss and R. M. Tobin, and
the Whites, E. Lee, E. Wickenden," H.
R. Mackie and Dr. E. J. Boeseke. The
Reds won, 7 to 1. Fifteen hundred
people witnessed the match, the larg
est attendance ever seen upon, the
field. . Six teams are entered in the
tournament. The second match will
be decided to-morrow afternoon. Play
in the tennis tournament continued
this morning. The results of to-day's
play were as follows:
Open singles, semi-flnals — Spaulding b*at J.
Donnell, 6-3. 3-6, 6-3.
Consolation singles — McDuffle beat Galusha,
6-0 6-4; Ford beat Redington. 6-3. 6-0. •
Mixed doubles— Mies May Sutton and J. Don
nell beat Miss Shoemaker and Mr. Frlnk, 6-1,
6-1. ' .
Ladies' singles — Miss Florence Sutton (owe
1) beat Miss Garland (15); 7-5. 6-2.
Ladles' consolation singles — Miss A. Ryan
(15) beat Mrs. Seymour (15). 6-2, 8-6.
at Santa Barbara Tournament
by- Wide Margin.
Team Captained by R. 31. Tobin Wins
REDS DEFEAT THE WHITES
ON* SOUTHERN* POLO FIELD
Senator Rays He Borrowed Xo Money
from Hetty Green to Relieve Fi
nancial Embarrassments.
BUTTE. Aug. 17.—The sensation/l
rtory that appeared in a San Fran
cisco newspaper to the effect that
Senator \V. A. Clark of Montana bor
• rowed 112.000,000 from Hetty Green
to relieve his financial embarrass
ments*: that she accepted stock collat
eral in Senator Clark's San Pedro
Railway as security for her loan, and
that, contrary to her promises, she
disposed of the same to E. H. Harri
man, thereby placing him in contin
frent possession of the railway in ques
tion, was denounced by Senator Clark
to-night as a baseless and malicious
fabrication put into circulation by his
political enemies.
Senator Clark declares he is behind
the construction of the Los Angeles
•ind San Pedro Railroad, Harriman
having no voice in the operation or
i building of the line. Authorized edi
torials containing emphatic denials of
the San Francisco Ftory will appear In
the morning- in Senator Clark's Mnn
tana and I'tah papers.
CLARK DENOUNCES STORY
OF LOAN AS A FABRICATION'
Committee and F. S. Stratton, Collec
tor of the Port, will meet the Secretary
on the incoming Oregon express on tha
day. of his arrival.
A banquet in compliment to the dis
tinguished visitor will probably be
given in this city by the commercial
bodies, and the Secretary may then
speak to the subject of general finan
cial.'conditions. He is scheduled to ad
dress the citizens of Los Angeles on
Wednesday evening, September .7,
therefore it is presumed that the com
mercial organizations will designate
Monday evening, September 5, as the
time for the banquet or reception.
Plans will be devised to extend to
Secretary Shaw every facility for view
ing the bay of San Francisco and vis
iting other important places in Califor
nia.
Hon. Leslie M. Shaw, Secretary of
the Treasury, will speak to the people
of San Francisco at the Alhambra
Theater Saturday evening, September
3. The meeting will be held under the
auspices of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee, General George Stone
chairman, and will signify the opening
of the Presidential campaign in Cali
fornia.
Yesterday General Stone received a
message by, wire from J. A. Tawney,
director of the Speakers' Bureau of the
National Committee, in which it is an
nounced that Secretary Shaw will
leave Chicago to-day and arrive in San
Francisco Friday evening, September
2. A delegation of leading Republicans,
Including the chairman of the State
SECRET ART OF THE TREASURY. FAMOUS AS AS ORATOR. WHO "vVTLL
OPEN THE LOCAL. REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN WITH AN ADDRESS AT THE
. ALHAMBRA THEATER, ON THE EVENING OF, SEPTEMBER 3. ¦
Victor Is Pressed Hard by th© Holder
of the Title but Wins
by One Up.
HIOHLiAND PARK. IU-. Aug. 17. —
The first round of match play in the
Western golt championships to-day
tvas marked by a surprise, the defeat
of the title-holder. Walter E. Egan,
by S. C. Spitzer. a player from the
Kiver Forest Golf Club. Spitzer was
¦pressed hard by the champion, but
von by one up. The card:
Epltzer. out 4 3 3 4 3 8 4 5 5—39
In 6 3 4 5 5 4 4 4 5—39 Total TS
E«an out 3 6 4 5 4 5 5 4 5 — 41
In '. 4 4 5 5 4 4 5 3 6 — 40 Total 81
In comparatively easy fashion
Chandler Egran defeated Guy Miller,
former pitcher of the Michigan Uni
versity ball club, 7 up, 6 to play. Har
vard champion, W. F. Ingalls, defeat
ed W. F. Pillsbury of Owentsia. up, 3
to play, by making a clever 78 medaJ
score. Alden Swift, the Southern Cali
fornia champion, was beaten by A. C
Perry of Windsor. 4 down, 3 to play.
GOLFER EGAX IS DEFEATED
IX WESTERN' CHAMPIOXSHTP
If you are going to the Exposition, or
anywhere else, you want a trunk or a
dries suit case; no assortment so *roat
ami no prices so liw for pood traveling
outfits as our Leather Goods Department.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
The St. Louis Exposition.
Dire predictions were made by our poli
tical opponents of what would happen at the
Bt. Loulg convention, but they misjudged the
temper of the party and the people. While
there had been differences In preceding cam
paigns, yet at St. Louis they were all har
monized and a common ground was found
upon which all could stand and do battle for
Democratic principles. A platform was adopt
ed by a unanimous vote, embracing the issues
of the day and presenting to the people a
declaration of principles which. In the lan
guage of the times, la sane, safe and sound.
With a candidate whose personality appeals
to the good sense and nound judgment of the
American people, a platform whose principles
are for the greatest good to the greatest num
ber and a reunited ¦ party, earnest for the
restoration of good and economical government,
we should succeed and the principles of Demo
cracy again triumph.
I beg my countrymen, as they value their
liberty, to guard with the sacred right of
local self-government and to watch with a
Jealous eye the tendency of the times to cen
tralize power In the hands of the few.
Mr. Chairman, it is an added pleasure to
receive this notification at your hands. You
have been conservative and courageous as
leader of our party in the House of Repre
sentatives, a position which few have filled
with the signal' ability that you have dis
played. It will be my pleasure and duty, at
a time not far hence, to accept more formally
In writing the, nomination which you have
tendered In such graceful and complimentary
terms and to give my views upon some of
the Important questions now commanding the
attention of the country.
I congratulate your committee and the con
stituency it represents In the selection by the
delegates to the national convention of the
nominee for the Presidency. He Is a man
of courage, yet prudent; of high Ideals, yet
without pretense; of the most wholesome re
spect for the constitution and the majesty
of the laws under It and a sacred regard for
their limitations; of the keenest sense of Jus
tice, which would rebel against compounding
a wrong to an individual or to a nation;
positive In conviction, yet of few words; strong
In mental and moral attributes and yet withal
modest, possessed of a sturdy constitution and
magnificent manhood, and yet temperate In
his actions and dignified In his demeanor.
It Is not the orator or man of letters, but
the man of reserve force, of sound Judgment,
of conservative methed and steadiness of pur
pose whom the people have called to the of
fice of the Presidency. Notably In the con
tests between Jefferson- and Burr, Jackson and
Cl^y. I-lncoln and Douglas, Grant and Grecley,
Cleveland and Blaine.
TRIBUTE TO JUDGE PARKER.
In I860, under Buchanan, $2 01; In 1893,
urder Harrison, $5 77; in 1807, under Cleve
land. |5 10; in lftOl. under McKlnley, $6 56;
in l!»04. under Roosevelt, $7 10.
The Republicans ! now claim great con
sistency In their attitude upon the currency
question and the President In his recent speech
of acceptance said that they know what they
mean when they, speak of a stable currency,
"the same thing from year to year," and yet
tn the platform of their party in 18S4, 188S
and 1892 they favored the; double standard of
value. In the platform of 1SS8 they said,
"The Republican party Is In favor of the
use of both gold and silver as money and
condemns the policy of the Democratic ad
ministration In Its efforts to demonetize sil
ver."
The receipts of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1002, the first fiscal year
of the present administration, showed a sur
plus over expenditures of $01,000,000, but for
the fiscal year ending June 30. 1004, Instead
of a surplus there was a deficit of §41,000.000.
From July I, 1904, to August 10, or
for about a month and a third of the
present fl»cal >;ear, the expenditures of the
Government have exceeded the, receipts by $21.
715,000. There could b* no' stronger evidence
of the extravagance Into which the Republican
party has fallen and no mnre potent argument
in behalf of a change to the party whose
tenets hav«s always embraced prudence and
economy In administering the T*K>ple'B affairs.
Our Republican frtends are prone to refer
to the great commercial growth of the coun
try under their rul», and yet the census reports
show that from 1850 to 1860, under Democratic
rule and the Walker tariff, the percentage of
Increase was greater In population, wealth and
manufactures and railroad mileage, the factors
which affect most largely the prosperity of the
country, than in any decade since.
The cost of government has largely In
creased'under Republican rule. The expendi
tures per capita for the last years respectively
of the administrations given, taken from the
reports of the Secretary of the Treasury, were
as follows:
DEFICIT IX THE TREASURY.
My experience as a wage earner and my as.
aociation with labor have alike taught me
the value of Democratic principles, for In
them the humblest has the strongest security
fcr Individual right and the highest stim
ulus to that independence of spirit and lova
of self-help which produce the finest private
characters and form the base of the best pos
sible government.
For years I worked In the ranks as a wage
earner and I know what It Is to earn my liv
ing by the sweat of my brow. I have always
believed, and my convictions come from the
hard school of experience, that, measured by
the character of work he does and the cost of
living, a man is entitled to full compensation
for hia servicea.
and those that are open are being operated
with reduced forces on short hours. Then
wai.es were hlxh, labor was scarce and there
«m work for all. Now work is scarce, many
wage earners unemployed and wages reduced.
The apprehension which now prevails In busi
ness circles and the present unsatisfactory
Industrial conditions of the country seem to
demand a political change.
In the language of our platform, "the rights
of labor are certainly no less vested, no less
Bacre<t and no legs Inalienable than the rights
of capital." The time is opportune to em
phasize the truth of this utterance. The most
pacred right of property U .the riffht to possess
and own one's self and ths labor of one's
own hands, capital Itself being: but stored up
labor.
Checks of every bank In the city,
about fifty altogether, were utilized by
Sweiger and he was not particular as
to the name he signed to a checH..
The sums he received on the checks
run from $6 50 to $50. His appear
ance is prepossessing and he dres3e3
well. He would represent himself
sometimes as a physician, at other
times as a druggist, a lawyer or a car
penter, just as the fancy struck him.
Several charges of forgery will be
placed against him.
So many complaints were received
by the police from saloon-keepers that
orders were given by Chief Wittman
to locate the forger at all hazards.
Dfctectives Fitzgerald and Graham In
the Mission district have been partic
ularly active in searching for the
criminal and on Tuesday evening- they
traced him to 5 Lapidge street, where
he was living as George McLean, a
carpenter by trade. To keep up the
Illusion he had purchased a kit of car
penters' tools.
Fitzgerald and Graham, accom
prnied by Policemen T. Furman ajid
D. Russell, -went to 5 Lapidge street
that .night, but Sweiger saw them
Ci-ming and made his escape by
climbing out of a window in the rear.
They continued their search for him
and landed him in an empty house at
Twentieth and Guerrero streets about
2 o'clock yesterday morning. He wa3
quickly handcuffed and taken to the
City Prison, where he was locked up
in "the tanks." x
The police have in custody an ex
convict who has been for months pass
ing fictitious checks on saloon-keepers
throughout the city, principally in the
Mission. His real name is supposed
to be George B. Sweiger. but he ha»
served a three years' term in Folsom
penitentiary on a charge of forgery
committed in Sacramento under the
name of E. G. Steiger. He also served
a term of eighteen months in the
House of Correction for passing: a fic
titious check. He has numerous other
aliases, including George Breen,
George McLean, H. Halloway and C.
H. Wilson.
The refreshments offered will be the
Georgia cracker, which is the cele
o bra t*>df b^at^n biscuit of th" South, on
" "which* the name of Georgia will he
T*rominpnt. While ft seems like carry
ing coals to Newcastle, a small barrel
of scupnernong- win** has been shipped
to San Francisco, "just to wash the
• cracker down."
Two thousand miniature cotton bales,
carrying the name of Georgia, will be
distributed.
The Knights from G<»org1a will keep
t'^en house at the PaJace. Among the
pouvenirs that the triennial committee
.has prepared is a unique map of Geor
gia, on which is shown the fourteen
oities of the State having command
cries. Across this map is a song from
Georgia, written by her most popular
p©et. Frank L. Stanton. under the title,
"Georgia's Toast to Her Host—Cali
fornia." •
Tfce excursions and side trips ar-
Taiiged for the visiting Knights Tem-
= p!ar and their friends who will attend
the conclave will probably be among
the chief attractions for visitors. They
v, ill have a rare opportunity to see San
Francisco vicinity and the sights and
•wonders of California in all their splen
dor. George AV. Lippman. chairman of
th°e excursion committee, has succeeded
3n perfecting special arrangements for
the visitors during conclave week. On
*v»>dncscday, September 7, and Thurs
day, September 8, there will be free
excursions on the bay of San Fran
c-isco axid all points of Interest. Two
«>f rhe best and most commodious boats
iiave been engaged for these excur
sions, and each will make two trips
•qach day. An orchestra will be on
each boat, and light refreshments will
>e served. These excursions will be for
vrsiting Sir Knights and their families
<on!y. Ail the railroads will soil excur-
Fi^n tickets at low rates to points
throughout the State.
J':a:.6 for arranging trips to nearby
points of interest were again discussed
und all agreed that a suitable commit
tee should be appointed to meet the
visitors and see that they be given all
• nteessary information and that excur
sions be arraneed.
The following committee on informa
• lion ahd points c-f Interest ¦ was ap
jjumtcd: William McMurray, Lewis
jj. King, F. W. Dohrmann. The com
mittee on excursions will consist of
• Andrea Sbarboro. ltufus Jennings and
Hampton Wright.
o Anotner meeting of the committee
•v ill be held in the marble room of the
, 1'aJace next Wednesday afternoon.
23adges have been designed and one
vi!l be presented to each member at
the meeting next week. Many new
jjipmbers were enrolled yesterday.
A meeting of the executive commit
tee of the prominent citizens' commit
tee, organized to assist in the enter
tainment of the Knights Templar dur
ifis conclave week, was held In the
anarble room of the Palace Hotel yes
terday afternoon. The meeting was
upentd by Colonel George H. Pippy,
"wlio afterward resigned and Mayor
i>ciim:t2 was chozen chairman. An
drea tfbarboro was elected vice presi
dent.
At Hawthorne, Mound House and
Sodaville it is almost Impossible to
get accommodations. From Tonopah
comes the announcement that the cat
tle and horses in the town are plentiful.
As a result prices are climbing up.
Since last Friday a train has not en
tered or left the camp, and all roads
are washed out..
It will be Fridav at least before the
line of communication will be opened,
and even this promise is based upon
the provision that the storm, which
subsided this evening, will pass over.
RENO, Nev., Aiig. 17.— To-nteht for
the first time, in five days the storm
that has raged at Tonopah and the en
tire Bonanza- district subsided, and the
end seems in sight. Four thousand
feet of railroad track, extending over a
distance of thirty-miles on the Tonopah
Railroad, are swashed out and every
man that it is possible to hire is now
at work to repair it and have the trainB
carry the hundreds of passengers now
waiting at the junction towns to their
destinations. :
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Assurance Given That Yis
• itors During the Conclave
.Will Be Well Cared For
Much Track Is Washed Away
and Some Time Will Elapse
Before' Traffic Is Resumed
Has Already Served Terms
for the Same Offense and
Long Sentence Awaits Him
RAILROADS PARALYZED
[BADGES FOR UE3IBERS
PLACED UNDER AREEST
How lacking- In subtlety cf intellect! In
stead of seeking in remote metaphysical places
reasons satisfactory to a curious mind, he
The fame feathering biped — we cannot be
too »»vere on him, sir — tarries his explanation
further nnd tells you that the superiority of
our wage rate In colonial times and always
einee then, over that existing In Great Britain
and nn the continent, wax due to this same
fact, vii.. paucity of worklngmen and abund
ance nf work. . • -
We know that the reason why labor was
more highly paid, even in colonial times, In
America, than the same labor for the same
work as paid In Great Britain, must have been
the existence of some sort of "protective"
legislation, keeping out of America the pauper
labor and the products of the pauper labor,
of England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland. It
Is true that we have not thus far found the
law upon the statute books, and we are told by
Ignorant historians that- there was no such
legislation, but whether that sort of legis
lation has been yet found or not, it must
have existed, because superior wages and the
prosperity of the worklngman must be had,
and can only b« had by force of a policy
of legislative protectionism. The Ion statute
will b« found after awhile — never fear, sir —
because the theory cannot be sustained In
any other way, and ihe theory, as our Re
publican friends tell u«. is "our fixed national
policy," hence to doubt it would be dis
loyalty.
A wise man entertains a sovereign con
temi* for a great many sorts of errors, but
the poverelgnlet of ; all should be visited on
the designing Idiot who says that the price
of labor depends upon the ajnount of ' w-ork
to be done in a country and the number of
men' capable and desirous of 4Bolng It — In a
word, on demand for or suppl- of labor.
That particular sort of peculiarly Inspired
idiot attempts to explain that the high waxes
which were paid in California and all the new
States for those employed on farm. In store,
mine ni* forest. In comparison with the wages
paid In older States, which were without free
lands and with comparative abundance of
laborers, la to be accounted for by the com
parative scarcity of worklngmra and the com
rarative abundance of new work In the new
fetates.
STATUTE IS MISSING.
What we ought to have fought for during
colonial da>-3 was a high protective tariff to
keep British products out of the American
market and another high protective tariff to
keep American products out of the British
market; thus enriching both Britain and
America. Then, after we had accomplished
our independence, and each State had become
a separate sovereignty, South Carolina ought
to have protected herself against "Pennsyl
vania and New England. Pennsylvania ought
to have seen to it that a line of custom
houses prevented the invasion of her sacred
soil by the products of the Jerseyman, the
Marylander and the Delawarean. We ought
to have encouraged Interstate trade by stop
ping It es much as possible, thus pursuing in
that regard the enlightened policy which pre
vails in retard to our International trade.
How in the world It has happened (though
I confess it <5id happen) that during colonial
times, where there were no custom-houses be
tween the several colonies and when all the
products of Great Britain had free access to
our markets, our laborers yet worked at
wages very much higher than those whlrh
then prevailed in Great Britain, I cannot un
derstand. How it has happened, since we be
came a Federal nation, the comparatively
pauper negro labor of Central Mississippi has
not been able to run the high-priced white
lahor of Central New York out of the farm
ing business, I also cannot understand.
Nor can I understand how It Is that wages
In California ehould have been for years two
or three times what they wer« In Maryland,
although the products of the comparatively
pauper labor of Maryland had free access to
California, and although that comparatively
pauper labor Itself was secured by the con
stitution Itself In the privilege of migration
to and sojourn In California.
Stranger yet, the pauper labor of all Eu
rope was dally flocking both to Maryland and
California, I again do not understand — I
doubt even If Uncle Joe Cannon himself can
fully understand — these foolish facts.
The next great histories! blunder. In fpite
of which, strange to ray. we have, as I
cannot too often repeat, prospered right along
in every *t*P of our history, with now and
then a temporary drop back, was the im
molation by our ancestors of the nation's in
dustrialism upon the altar of free trade within
the. common domain, notwithstanding already
existing State lines furnished convenient place,
opportunity and temptation to establish cus
tom-houses, those potent encourageis of com
merce.
You. sir. you who have a Republican son-in
law, and therefore, possees culture by affinity at
least, will hardly believe that our ancestors
were stupid tnough to fight asairist the prin
ciple which we so frankly recognize in the
Philippines, viz., that it is perfectly right,
self-evidently proper, fcr a flas to cover and
cir.blemize two entirely differ* nt sorts of gov
ernment, cne for ours'lvet "'at home," pro
tecting individual, civil ar.d political liberty.
ard pretending to furnish full and equal op
portunities for industrial development, and an
other fcr ethers "in the colonies" — absolutely
discretionary in its character and avowedly
limiting industrial development there by tht:
necessities of commercial exploitation for the
benefit of the "home" merchant and the
"home" manufacturer.
The riFXt gr»>at blunder of our early hls
tcry consisted in their taking up arms against
Kins George and hU forces, when the latter
were actuated, as they themselves confessed,
only by tb» kindest designs of "benevolently
assimilating" to themselves our resources and
our opportunities. < >
XEXT GREAT BLUNDER.
The first of these consisted In discrimina
tions against the red man — the image of God
in cherry— on account of his race and color
and previous condition. *>ur ancestors said
it was on account of the Inherent or inherited
race traits, und^ncies and supj>osed incapaci
ties of v.-hirh h!» color was but the outward
sign. Be that claim pretense or sinoerity, we
found, to our astonishment, that "the door
or opportunity and hope" in the way
of office holding and voting had been
closed to Lo ti.e poor Indian. He was not in
vited in by th» Selectmen in Connecticut nor
by the electors of the self-governing towna
In Massachusetts to help govern our ancestors
and the country which thfy had committed
to their charge, nor did our ancestors promise
to assimilate him.
As soon as 1 learned that I was, by reso
lution of th-: convention, to be the mouth
pit-ce of the committee for the performance
of this j>lt-a.«a.!.t task I began to look about
ir.e in order to see how the duty had been
informed by others. I found from recent
performances of a similar character in the
K~i>ublican canii> that, for a notification
speech, a historical essay is altogether the
proper thing, absolutely necessary for the
emergency. We shall therefore entitle our
notification address: "A brief historical dlsqui
ution Viion son*-? of the blunders of our an-
Cf stors. as viewed from the standpoint of the
wisdom of Republican statesmen who have
embraced the strtnuous life."
Mr. Davis— Sir: W> have been appointed
by a mos: notable convention as a committee
to notlty you of your nomination by the De
mocracy aa Its choice for Vice President of
the United States. We desire to express the
pleasure we feel in having been selected to
perform this duty and our confidence in you.
>>jur faithfulness, honesty and wisdom. The
people see in you one of the best products
oi the best period of American institutions,
a period whose salfcnt characteristics were
local self-sovtrnment. individuality, equal op
portunity and freedom — freedom to work, free
dom, to btiy and sell, froedom to eomi>ete in
industrial lift-, resulting tn self-dependence,
freedom to develoD as one's own master and
not merely as the well trained and well man
aged Industrial servant of another. They se^
In you what Oliver Wendell Holme said is
a rtr- thing, "a self-made man who is yet
not proud of his maker."
Williams pleased his hearers im
mensely. The Mississippian laid down
to Davis ironically rules of conduct to
govern his official career, each rule
based on some characteristic of the
opposition. He said in part:
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.
Va., Aug. 17. — Henry G. Davis to-day
vas formally notified of and formally
accepted his nomination by the Demo
cratic party for Vice-President of the
United States. -The ceremonies took
place in the open air on the grounas
of Green Brier, White Sulphur Springs
Hotel, and were marked by simplicity.
Davis was escorted to the flag-draped
platform at 1:30 o'clock by Represen
tative John Sharp Williams of Missis
sippi, who- delivered the notification
address. Williams occupied an hour
in speaking. It took Davis ten min
utes to read his formal acceptance,
tut he prefaced this with a heart-to
heart talk of like duration to the sev
eral thousand friends and neighbors
who were gathered un-ler the trees.
Senator Daniel of Virginia was forced
to acknowledge a demand for a
speech but declined and at 3:25
o'clock, the ceremony . ended.
A reception and cotillon in honor of
the nomfnee took place in the hotel
In the evening.
WILLIAMS GROWS IRONICAL.
Four years ago factories, mills, mines and
furnaces were in active operation, unable to
supply toe demand, but now many are closed
Remember above all things that our chlaf
duty as citizens, but especially as rulers, is
not to be "weaklings" or "cowards." A
weakling, sir. Is a strangely domesticated
animal who listens before he acts and who
weighs evidence before he decides, who
modestly venerate* greatness In others, who
actually prefers "piping times of peace" to
the "pomp and circumstance of glorious war."
Weaklings are "men who fear the strenuous
life, the only national life that Is really worth
the living" — the life of crown-colony-conquest,
the life militant, in a word. We- are getting
to be, as a people, your committee is glad to
say, splendidly military. A flag, a bra?*
band and a choice collection of epaulets es
corting a Secretary cf War to and from the
depot In Washington where he augustly leaves
or arrives appeal to the higher flights of our
patriotic imagination as nothing else does
or can.
In real conclusion, Mr. DavlK, It In a sln
cere pleasure Indeed to know and to be able
to place in high position a man of your
character and sense and modesty — a man who,
as the result of a life of continence, temper
ance, self-containment and useful and honest
Industry, presents a picture In virile though
advanced age' of mens eana In corpore sano,
which' in a delight to the eye, a satisfaction
to the *ou! and wai taught by wise ancients
t» be the eummum bonum of Individual earthly
existence.
RESPONSE OF THE NOMINEE.
The response of Davis was aa fol
lows:
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the com
mittee: The official notification which you
bring of my nomination for the Vic*. Presi
dency of the United States by the national De
mocracy elves m« a feeling of slnoerest grati
tude to my party for the honor conferred.
At the game time It brings to me a deep
¦enso of my recponslblllty to my party as a
candidate and to my country. In caa* of my
election.
A -spirit of determination to succeed In the
campaign before us appears to pervade the
rank and file of our party in all sections of
the country- Of that rank and fll* I have
for many years been a. member and have .at
all times devoted my humble powers to party
success, believing that success to be for the
country'" good. Unexpectedly called as I am
nov7 to the forefront, I am Impelled to an
acceptance of the obligation by a sense of
gratitude to my fellow workers and the hope
that I may be able the better to assist in re
storing to power that party whose principles
and past history guarantee a safe, wise, ecnom-
Ical and constitutional administration of the
Government.
I find It. therefore, a rreat pleasure, stand
ing here upon the borderland of the two Vir
ginian, to receive and accept the commission
you bear and to send greetings through you
to the Democracy of the entire country. Is
It not significant of a closer and truer broth
erhood among us that for the first time since
the civil war a nominee on the national ticket
has be<n taken from tbat section of our coun
try that lies south of Mason and Dixon's
line, a happy % recognition of the obliteration
of all sectional differences which led to and
¦ followed that unhappy struggle?
FOR THE GOLD STANDARD.
As an Introductory to th« few remarks I
shall make, I desire to say that I heartily
Indorse the platform upon which I have been
nominated, and. with the convention and IU
nominee for President, regard the present mon
etary standard of value aa irrevocably es
tablished.
In the campaign preceding the last elec
tion much stress was laid by the Republican
speakers upon the prosperous condition of the
country and forebodings were heard of the
111 results, especially to the laboring man.
which would follow any change in the po
litical comDlexion of the Government It U
true that the times then were good, but it
Is no less a fact that while there has been
no chang* In the party In' power many of the
evils prophesied have come under Republican
rule. • ¦
As to the common herd who s«nd these
"cattle" to Washington, all you need with
them is to talk platitudes about "civic rlght
eoufneps" and the "Ftrenucusness of life."
What they want to do is to sit In th* galleries
and witness the play. Make yourself the star
performer, according to your opportunities.
In conclusion, sir, pray for war. Nobody
can tell what great things war will end in
when once begun. It might result in making
your thief the first "Emperor and Lord Pro
tector of the Western Hemisphere.". You
would, of course, in that event, as heir ap
parent, share his glory. Your legal title might
become "Prince d'Outre Mer." I know you
would run t-ome little risk of having him des
ignate his Secretary of War aa his successor,
but I believe I would chance it. Besides,
peace Is a tamo and unstrenuous thing and
"Ffnothers nut some of the finest instincts
cf manhood."
It will be your duty as. a part of the exec
utive branch of the Government to look di>wn
with contempt upon the legislative branch.
You will «oon learn that "the cattle" who
inhabit the Senate chamher and the other
wing of the Capitol, the lower House (which
has, been getting constantly lower and lower
every day for many years), are but little. If
any, hotter than the other cattle who fent
thorn th«>re. tho farmers and mechanics and
dor-tor? and preachers "and merchants of the
United States.
Men. sir, are not responsible for the elze
of their opportunities. They are responsible
fnr taking advantage of them — sometimes for
riot making them, as in re Panama republic,
for Instance.
Your opportunity will not be as great as
that of the President himself, but as presi
dent of the Penate you may have some oppor
tunity, the opportunity of changing the Sen
ate rul<»s on your own motion, or doing some
ether revolutionnry thing which, as a play to
the galleries, will. make your good old Welsh
name famous as that of one of the most
spectacular and strenuous of m#nvj
What a queer, old-time, childish idea was
that of our ancestors that the President of the
United Slates Is simply a chief executive, and
that his duty consists in executing the laws
as they were written. I need not tell you,
sir. that If you should be elected Vice Presi
dent it would be one of your duties as sort
of heir apparent to th<» crown to train your
pelf and Influence your chief. Judge Parker,
in the way of usurping the other department*
of ihe Government.
DITTIES OF VICE PRESIDENT.
That reminds me of another blunder of our
ancestors, both under the common law In
Great Britain and in the United States. They
seem to have entertained a notion that com
binations In restraint of trade, eeeklng mo
nopoly and throttling competition, are in some
way adverse to the development of Individual
ity, and somehow poison the life of trade.
They went po far as to contend that the high
est object of man's existence is not to be
well managed, even at a living money profit
to himself, but that it Is to learn to manage
himself well.
We know now that combinations of corpora
tions seeking with the power of monopoly the
resultant power of robbing consumers by rais
ing prices to an extortionate figurfc, under the
shelter of tariff law;?, shutting out foreign com
petitors, and seeking the further resultant
power to bear down the price to be paid to
the farmer raising the raw material, and seek
ing the yet further resultant power to regulate
wages by reason of the fact that the. work
ingrnan has nowhere else to go to get work
except to the concerns In the combinations,
are, on the whole, beneficial institutions in a
free republic of self-governing men.
Another error of our grandfathers in con
nection with our foreign affairs has come over
mo lately with weighing-down emphasis.
George Washington — who, however, was noth
ing but a plain Virginia planter, a sort o£
hlgh-claea farmer, and, therefore, one of. the
"basis set," not to'be thought of in the same
breath with such platform-makers as the Sen
ator from Massachusetts, or such virile his
tory makers as our fellow-citizen in the White
}lou.«c — thought (and possibly hla Secretary of
State, Thomas Jefferson, had a great deal to
do with inspiring him to think) that our
wisest and best and most patriotic foreign pol
icy consisted in amicable relations with all
the other nations of the world, and entangling
alliances with none of them — in other words,
that our chief duty was to keep our own
house In order with the notion in our stupid
minds that the sum total of the rightful pur
pose of all Just government is the freedom and
hardiness of man.
How wonderful it is that we" prospered with
that sort of a foreign policy and maintained,
withal, the respect and good will of the world —
wonderful. Indeed, when we consider what we
now know to be accepted, sound axioms of in
ternational policy. We know now, from our
fellow-cltiien in the White House, that th«s
peoples who may expect our tolerance and
friendship are "theso who maintain order and
prosperity," those who "govern themselves
well." those who "pay their financial obli
gations." and that it may become "a duty
which we cannot ignore, certainly in the west
ern hemisphere." to "Intervene" in some way
more or less indefinite in the domestic affairs
of '"thoee who do not do all these things."
nor "behave with decency in political and in
dustrial matters." whatever in the world that
may mean:- but who, by the omission of the
doing of all theye things do "loosen the tiea
which bind together civilized society." uhlch
ties, of course, God has appointed us his mun
dane vice-regent-mechanlcs to tighten up
again.
TRUSTS AND MONOPOLIES.
contents hlm6elf, like a "brother to the ox,"
with the facts that happen to obtrude them
selves rlsht In front of his nose. These be.
sir. mere demagogic appeals to "the basis set
In the land, the farmers," as our fellow
cltlzen in the White House la said to have
called them.
Floods That Have Held Ton
opaii in Isolation for Some
Days at Last-Disappears
Citizens' Committee Meets
' to Plan for a Number of
Trips Into the Country
George B. Sweigrer Accused
of Swindling Many Saloon
Men With Forged Checks
ENTERTAINMENT
OF SIR KNIGHTS
l Democratic Nominee, Accepting the Honor Be
stowed by His Party, Follows Parker's Lead by
Declaring Unqualifiedly for the Gold Standard
STORM CAUSES
GREAT DAMAGE
LEAVES TRAIL
OF BAD PAPER
WILLIAMS IN IRONICAL
SPEECH NOTIFIES DAVIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, AUGUST. .IS. 190 i.
Secretary of the Treasury Will Address Voters of
San Francisco at Alhambra Theater Saturday
Evening, September 3— Plans for His Reception
LESLIE M. SHAW COMING
HERE TO OPEN CAMPAIGN
2
padtcd'qI cure sick headache.
UAKIttlO „.,.,.„
39ittle Genuine Must Bear
FjiVER Fac-Simile Signature
thes^ittfe'pills. 7
WM l\ | L IV O T *"7 fUso reUere Dis-
Rr*g _ tress rrom I)yEpepslau In-
fiBBpiTTLE digestion and Too Heastj
11 1 1/ CT D Eat ing. A perfect rem-
ISJ I w tit edy for Dizziness. Nausea,
Hi PILLS. Drowsiness, Bad Taste
gal !n tio Moutli. Coated
| " r ] Tongrse. Pain In the Side.
=™SSSS __ I TORPID LTVT3L Taejr
regol&e tbe Borrels. Purely Vegetable.
ShULLRLL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
SSOK HiAOAOHE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
and $1 per pound and Is pro-
nounced by the above well
known grocery dealers the
quality and value for the price
of any tea used In this country.
This tea uiH be distributed free
to wnnt ad. advertisers in next
SUNDAY'S CALL. See an-
nouncement on classified adver-
tisement page.
It retails for '50c, «0c, 80c
CEYLON TEA
"BEE" BRAND.
GOLDBERG, BOWEN & CO.'S
Favorite Family Grade "of
A TON OF TEA
FREE- — FREE
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
¦ /^f\\ *^ #/^s.vN w^ an£^ apply °n soles 1 1
¦ •(^ii:H FEET I /. #^^\ offeet;rcncwthep!astcr 1
lUa^I nn -every thncJthe' feet are \
I V^?HM4 W&Wf J bathed. You will be sur- I
I \^S : .V| ANKLES//:^?:// prised how it will relieve *j
it \ v «8#l l$F^£// rheumatism m the *"* * II
I \^^ USE I For tired or lame feet relief I j
m AUcock's Plasters are th« original and genuine poroos plasUrs and have n«»er V
II been equalled aa a twin-curer. We guarantee them to contain no belladonna, opium ||
M or any poison whatever. Absolutely safe, wonderfully curative. H
J| Never Accept a Substitute. ain this county and the discovery has
created much excitement. Joaquln
Miller, the Poet of the Sierras, pur
chased a large tract of semi-arid land
near here a few years ago for a small
amount of money. The investment is
likely to make him a great fortune, as
it i3 thought to be underlaid with oil.
SISTER'S ATTEMPT AT
-.*•: RESCUE EXDS FATALLY
Girl Plunges Into Creek to Save Her
I Brother and Both Are
"¦> ? Drowned.
¦ TACOMA, Aug. 17. — Sunday at
Winlock a 12-year-old boy. named
George Becker, who was swimming in
Olequa Creek, got beyond his depth
and. began to drown. His 'cries for
help brought his sister Mary, a girl
of 15, who undertook to rescue him,
but both were drowned. . The mother
of the children also got into the creek
and came near losing her life in the
frantic endeavor to save them. She
was pulled out by some men.
Kelsey Gets Appointment.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.— J. D. Kel
sey of Santa Clara County has been
appointed Deputy Labor Commissioner
by Labor Commissioner Stafford.
A rrfan's reputation for wisdom de
pends less on . what he really knows
than it does on what he doesn't say.
There is little illness in camp. There
are some twenty men in the general
hospital, but they are only suffering
from mild complaints.'
Music is a great feature of life here.
The bands practice from 8 'o'clock in
the morning until noon. At 5 o'clock
"The Star-Spangled Banner" is played
by every band here. ' In ; the evening
there are concerts at different head
quarters all over the big field, and as
they alternate from 8 o'clock until 9:30
the ear is "delighted With continuous
strains of melody. The heavens are
marvelously, clear at night and the tem
perature perfect.
Grand preparations, are being made
by Manager W. A. Junker of. the Paso
Robles Hotel for the big reception and
ball to be given on Saturday night in
honor of the officers in camp here. ' A
great crowd. will go over from here on
the 6:45 train, and all the automobiles
and teams' in this section will be In use.
The roads have , now been . well oiled
and will soon be in good shape.
• The Fifth Battery of field artillery is
working at , a great disadvantage by
having forty of its trained men taking
their discharges during the : present
week. Fifteen more will have their en
listments completed during the next
three days. -"
took a lively, interest in the proceedings
and expressed, himself as gTeatly
pleased with what he saw.
We are selling: agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen" and solo agents for
"The Marshall." the best ?1 pen in the
world. Stationery Department, Sanborn,
Vail & Co.,. 741 Market st. •
SACRAMENTO. Aug.- 17. — Rev.
Father Peter C Yorke has been chos
en as State chaplain by the State
council of the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians.
Hibernians Honor Father. Yorke.
SEATTLE. Aug. 17. — The Ori
ental 'liner Tremont, lying at dock
here for repairs of minor injuries re
ceived in her collision with the steamer
Ramona near Port Townsend, was
again struck "In the dense fog, this
time by the little steamer Manette.
The Tremont was uninjured, but the
Manette, . after bouncing back from
the big hull, was found ' to have a
broken stem. She. will be on the
ways for several days.
Injured Craft Is Struck by the
Steamer 3Ianette During a
Dense Fogr.
XEW MISHAP BEFALLS
; . STEAMSHIP TREMONT
LOS AXGELES, Aug. 17. — The
fijjht that has been threatening for
several years over the title to the Ag
ricultural Park has at last reached a
'.lead. To-day suit was brought by the
Sixth District Agricultural Association
against E. T. Wright, W. P. Parker,
H. H. HarriFon, W. G. Kerckhoff, M.
G. Rshman G. A. Fitch, H. H. Kerck
hoff, G. B. Barham and E. A. Barham.
It is . charged that the defendants
have associated themselves together
for the purpose of exercising control
and are now asserting ownership to
the entire property. They are in pos
session and It is charged that they
have tried to sell the property and the
plaintiff avers that they will sell it
unless stopped from doing so, and in
such evsnt such sale would' have the
effect -of clouding the title. It is
charged the s defendants have granted
privileges to some persons, leased por
tions of ground to others and have
received at least $25,000, which they
refuse to make any accounting of or
pay over."* ¦/ ;': ,\.
li£ht Lous I'cndinsr Over Agricul
(urnl Park in Los Angeles
Reaches an Issue.
GOING INTO COURT
TO DECIDE A TITLE
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 17.— Since
navigation opened Dawsonites and
other Klondikers to the number of
1500 have gone to Fairbanks, seeking
their fortunes on Tanana. Dawson mer
chants have enjoyed a great trade
from these stampeders and anticipate
another rush next spring.
A larger fleet of steamers will lay
up at Dawson this winter than ever
before, the object of their operators
being to take advantage of the- pros
pective spring stampede to Tanana.
for a Great Rush to the Fields
in the Spring.-
Navigation Companies Are Preparing
FAIRBANKS ATTRACTS
MANY GOLD-SEEKERS
YL'BA CITY. Aug. 17. — The Repub
lican counts convention held here to
day elected delegates to the State
convention as follows: B. F. Walton.
T. C. Jones, Irwin Griffith. T. B. Hull.
They will also be the delegates to the
Congressional convention. The con
vention indorse? the present Assem
blyman. A. C. McKughlin for renom
ination. The Supervisors nominated
•were: F. H. Graves. First District:
John Burnr. Fourth District, and F.
J. Mitchell in the Fifth District* The.
first two are Incumbents.
Convention in Suiter County.
Denotata Circuit Court Is A.«kcd to
Appoint a RfV^iver for Ivfire*:
Corporation.
HONOLULU. Aug. 17. — In the Cir
cuit Court to-day Sigrmund Grinbaum
and Charles Atschul entered suit
against the Hana Plantation Company
£Fk;iig for the appointment of a re
ceiver for the i-orapany, alleging it to
be insolvent and that it is indebted to
the extent of $400,000.
HANA PLANTATION COMPANY
SAID TO BE INSOLVENT.
PUEBLO, Colo., Aug. 17. — It is be
lieved in police circles here that two
prisoners at Salt Lake, who have giv
en their names as Marco Zigich f«ivl
Fllop Zigich, are Joseph and Michael
Meech, who are charged with tht:
murder "of Leroy R. Masterson at the
Minnequa Steel Works on July 29.
1903.
Masterson was the foreman of a
yard gang composed of Servians. He
was killed by a blow on the he<td
while sleeping in the yards. The evi
dence unearthed in the case pointed
to a conspiracy to murder Masterso i
and other bosses.
Wanted for Crime Committed
Last Year.
Suspect Salt Lake Jail Holds Men
PUEBLO POLICE BELIEVE
PRISONERS ARE MURDERERS
MorRnnstern is quoted as Faying that
hf- believes most of the power to be
generated' will be utilized within a
radius of 100 miles of the. power plant.
He says u transmission line will be run
to Fresno, thirty-six miles distant, an<i
that it Is also possible to transmit it
to San Francisco. luO miles away, if. it
is found desirable to do so. It is said
that the machinery for the construc
tion has been ordered and will be taken
to the scene of operations at once. It
is expected that a year will be required
to complete the work of building the
tunnel and power plant.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 17.— A. J. Mor
par.stern of this city, heading a syndi
cate of capitalists^ has projected a plan
to harness the waters of the San Jqa
quin River above Pbllaiky. in Fresno
County, and generate electricity for
the surioundin?>. agricultural and min
ing: section. Jt is planned, the article
states, to cut a tunnel three miles long
through the mountain sixteen miles
above Polla&ky which will divert 500
cubic feet of water per second from the
San-Joaquin River and assure the de
velopment of ir.,000 horsepower at the
generating plant. It is stated that the
syndicate has alr»>qdy secured control
of the Fort Miller Power Company,
which was organized in 1900 and which
made extensive surveys for determin
ing the most available method of util
izing the power of the San Joaquin
River, and it is now announced that
the plans have, been agreed upon for
the completion of the project. The un
dertaking will involve the expenditure
of about $1,000,000 it is said.
Syndicate of Capitalists Pro
poses to Utilize San Joa
qnin for Generating Power
The National Woman's Relief Corps
cleKed Mrs. Fannie MJnot of Manches
ter, N. H., president on the first ballot.
To-morrow the election of officers will
be held and the time and place of the
next encampment determined.
John C. ' Black delivered the annual
address of the commander in chief, and
the reports of the adjutant general and
the quartermaster general were circu
lated. The business transacted was
principally routine.
BOSTON*. Aug. 17.— The real business
of the Grand Army of the Republic En
campment began to-day. The former
wearers <>f the blue who are not accred
ited delegates to the convention spent
the* day and evening in renewing army
friendships and in sightseeing. Thou
sands journeyed to the United States
navy yard at Charlestown to witness
the launching of the training ship Cum
berland.
Xearly 1400 delegates were present
when the annual convention of the
Grand Army was called to order. The
feature was the reading of a letter
from President \ Roosevelt expressing
regret at his inability to attend the en
campment. The President referred to
the acquisition of the Philippines and
declared "that it is only under the
American flag that the people of the
islands can preserve public order, the
individual freedom and the national
well-being. The work which has thus
been done will not be undone, for the
nation remains true to the memory of
your own great deeds."
WILL HARNESS
RIVER WATERS
To-morrow another big battle exer
cise will begin at 7 o'clock. Count de
Montague ; of the . Culraslers of the
French army followed ' the umpires
throughout the maneuvers to-day. He
Colonel Pitcher, with his provisional
Infantry of the blues, made a dashing
deployment and at a critical stage of
the game he caught two battalions of
the browns In the left flank, but his
support did not come in time to follow
up the -advantage, so he lost them.*
In the meantime Colonel Markley was
Blowly advancing with the train." He
came too slowly,, in fact, for at v thls
juncture the umpires sounded the re
call, which left the position of affairs
in status quo so far as the casual ob
server was able to note. The battle will
be fought out and decided by the um
pires in the assembly tent to-night.
During the maneuvers to-day prom
inent ranchers in the vicinity sent for
the use of the troops a four-horse load
of watermelons and substantial refresh
ments for the officers.
The train, with its blue convoy of
cavalry, artillery and infantry under
command of Colonel A. C Markley,
began its march early. When it got
under way it was fujly a mile long.
It slowly worked its way up through
wild mountain passes and quiet defiles
until it came near the enemy's coun
try. Here the train was left in a se
questered spot, drawn close together
and entirely surrounded by its convoy
of infantry" From this point the field
artillery, in command of Captain Ira
Haines, made a brilliant dash forward
to gain a commanding point near
Shale Rock, which high position of
vantage he succeeded in gaining.
The mountain side was steep, but
the battery 'gained 'the top'and swung
their heavy guns about on a stfeep
ridge, where they could command t£e
country for miles around. This was
generally considered to be the feature
of the exercises. It was executed with
great dash and vim. While all this
wag going on Colonel Ward, In com
mand of the browns, was preparing
to attack the blues. He exposed his
troops to the enemy and brought out
the first fire.
The problem of to-day was the at
tack and defense of a convoy. The
supposition was that a train consist
ing of about 100 wagons, which. had
been loaded at Asuncion station with
supplies for a rnain> body operating
upon the coos', north of Port Harford,
is moving to the coast via Eagle
ranch gate, escorted by a Blue force
composed of the three arms. In or
der to reach its destination the train
is compelled to pass through a raid
ing brown force, which is to make an
attempt to cut off, capture or destroy
the train. All this took place over a
rough, mountainous, country, inter
spersed .with broad valleys and deep
ravines.
ATASCADERO, Aug. 17. — The bat
tle exercises "that took place to-day
Mere by far the most interesting and
the most spectacular of any of the
evolutions that have yet taken place
Id the camp. In these maneuvers more
thstn 4000 officers, enlisted men and
umpires took part, and in addition
there were about 1200 horses and
mules employed. A territory about
ten miles in length and five miles in
width was covered during the exer
cises. The heavily wooded hills re
sounded with echoes of thousands of
shots from the infantry, intermingled
with lively cannonading from the field
artillery.
Again the militiamen showed that
they were made of good stuff. From
7 o'clock until 2 p. m. they were prac
tically upon the march. The heat of
the day caused several to drop from
the ranks and wait for the ambulance
to come along and give them a lift.
In each instance where a man was
overcome his canteen was found to be
empty, whereas those who remained
in lino came home with partially filled
canteens. Some of the umpires seemed
to think this would indicate that the
excessive drinking of water when
marching had much to do with the
men falling out.
After reading the letter Sass ran to
th<= Mulberry-street station and told
the police.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— Max Sass, a
wealThy Hebrew trunk merchant, re
*eh ed a 'black hand" letter this after
noon, which was signed "W." The let
ter contained a drawing resembling a
hand, across which was written "Don't
forget." The letter warned him to bring
J500 to a certain point else he would be
killed.
manding That He Bring $500
to Certain Spot.
Roreives "Black Hand" Letter De-
HEBREW TRCXK MERCHANT
THREATENED WITH DEATH
Message From President Ee
fers to the Great Deeds
of Veterans of Civil War
OLD SOLDIERS
GIVEN PRAISE
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.— Governor
Pardee, who returned from Portland
last night, said today that he had
hoped to 'join the Eastern engineers
and party on their inspection of the
river to-day at Colusa, but found he
would be unable, because of the pres
sure of other business, to meet the
party until- to-morrow at Marysville.
Reports received here to-night show
that the commissioners are making
good progress in their inspection of the
river conditions. The party was given
a reception by the Colusa Board of
Trade last night and to-day visited
Chico landing, afterward leaving for
Marysville, where some time will le
spent examining the conditions on the
tributaries to the Sacramento River.
People of the North Welcome the
Commissioners Who Are In
specting Rivers.
ENGINEERS ARE MAKING .
STUDY OF CONDITIONS
VIEW SHOWING TROOPS GETTING
READY KOR ACTION AND GENERAL
SIACARTHUR AS SPECTATOR.
Gusher Discovered on Tract of Land
in Texas Owned by Joaquln
Miller.
SAN DIEGO, Tex.. Aug. 17. — Oil
has been struck in a well at Benavlflas
POET OF, THE SIERJRA
3IAY BECOME OIL MAGNATE
BUTTE. Aug. 17. — Eight hundred
feet underground in the Minnie Healey
min<-, Michael "E. Collins was killed and
Itoy Owens fatally injured, as the re
sult of a peculiar accident to-day.
A blast had been prepared and was
ready io be set off. The men in the
£OQ-foot level started to go down the
'main way to the I>00 to get out
<if danger. Collins and Owens both
tnade a rush for the ladder and quickly
began the descent. Whichever one
«?.f Isst. it appears, lost his hold and
slipped from the ladder. In falling
he Btruck the man below him, knock
injr him" from the ladder. Both fell
30«> feet to the P^o level.
When picked up both men were
"breathing, but Collins died soon after
being brought to the surface.
by Comrade While Both Were
Seeking Safety I-Yoni Blast.
Arcidrntally Knocked From Ladder
BITTE MINER IS KILLED
IN A PECULIAR MANNER
SCRANTON, Kans., Aug. 17.— A spe- I
ciai train from Cincinnati bound for
Cofonado Beach. Cal., and running as
the second section of No. 5 on the Atch
° ison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway,
' was ditched one mile east of Scranton
.this afternoon. One person was fatally
injured, five were hurt seriously and
c six others sustained slight injuries.
The seriously injured: Mrs. Robert
Gray, Flora. 111., rib broken, internal
injuries, will die: Emma Berry. Ulysses,
Kans., hip and side hurt, also Internally
•injured; Harry Harris, Kansas City,
shoulder hurt and face cut; W. B. Rob
inson. Indianapolis, chin and scalp cut,
shoulder hurt; R. H. Sullivan, Indian
apolis, shoulder and chest hurt; Mrs.
R. B. Brown. Westwood, Ohio, lower
limbs bruised and other injuries.
The train consisted of the engine,
c bapgage car, one day coach and four
Pullman sleepers. While the train was
running at a high rate of speed the
'front trucks of tho tender jumped the
•tracks, and becoming uncoupled from
c the ensine the whole train was ditched.
e Th« baggage car was overturned and
landed thirty-five feet off the roadbed,
• the day coach was turned over and
• badly smashed and the forward Pull
man was ha!f-un=et. The three follow
• ing Pullmans remained upright. All
the injured were in the chair car. They
were taken to Topeka.
BY FRED M. GFLMORE.
Staff Correspondent of The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 17.—Begin
ning next Monday, the Standard Oil
Company will refuse to accept a single
drop of Kern Kiver oil, not already
contracted for, at any price. Follow
ing on the announcement of the sen
sational cut of more than 20 per cent
in prict, announced last Monday, the
news has created a sensation on all
sides. The order was received by Su
perintendent Page to-night, and was
by him announced to the operators,
without explanation.
Following the cut in price Saturday
the Associated sent word to all oper
ators that it would take all oil offered
at the old price of lo cents, the..Stan
dard's new price beinR 11 2-3 cents.
Hitherto the Associated has paid the
same price aa the Standard, never
varying from it, and there is much
speculation as to the meaning of the
action now taken. That the combine
has any intention of bucking Rockefel
ler is not believed, and it is thought
that there must be an understanding
of some kind.
At Coalinga the Standard, some
months ago, withdrew from the mar
ket, so far as the heavy fuel oil wa-3
concerned, and the Associated has
since handled all oil beiow 21 gravity,
leaving the higher grade illuminating
oils to .the btandard.
The Standard has at present four
teen reservoirs completed at Kern
Kiver, v.ith a capacity of over ten mil
lion ban els, and all are filled to the
limit, with oil contracted for to fill all
that can be built for months, while the
great nine line is not pumping south of
Coalinga. The Associated, on the
other hand, has storage for over a mil
lion and a half barrels, with only about
one-third tilled, and contracts with the
railroads that will afford a market for
all that it can produce or purchase.
It is also learned that the Standard
has cut the price of oil at Santa Maria
from 75 to 40 cents.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Operators Are Notified That
There Will Be No Devia-
tion From the Old Prices
Cincinnati Special. .Carry
ing Passengers to Golden
State, Wrecked in Kansas
-
BOUND FOR CALIFORNIA
ASSOCIATED WILL BUY
Militia ' Again Displays
Itself in the Army
Maneuvers.
Twelve Persons Are Injured,
One Fatally and Five Se
riously, in Eail Disaster
Standard Follows Cut With
Statement That It Will
Accept No More of Product
Captain Haines Makes a
Brilliant Dash on
Shale Rock.
SPEEDY TRAIN
JUMPS TRACK
KERN OIL MEN
ARE MYSTIFIED
SUPPLY TRAIN OF THE BLUE
FORCES ATTACKED BY BROWNS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. AUGUST 18, 1904.
3
It retails for. 50c, 60c, 80c
and $1 per pound and is pro-
nounced by the " . above well
known grocery' dealers the best
quality and value for the price
of any tea used In this country.
This tea will be distributed free
to want ad. advertisers in next
SUNDAY'S CAL.L.. See an-
nouncement on classified adver-
tisement paffe."
GOLDBERG, BOWEN & CO.'S
Favorite Family Grade of
"CEYLON TEA
"BEE" BRAND.
A TON OF^TEA
FREE— FREE
A CONFIDENTIAL CHAT.
"It's perfect non«ense, Bessie, for you to
talk cf beisg laid on the shelf. Why, it all
*<deperd5 on yourself. Korgret your worries,
your aches and ailmects ; <!o as I did, taie
plenty of out-of-door air, cultivate happi-
•ncss by not allowing your mind to dwell
on the trifiea and the worries of life. I sent
tbirty-one cents in stamps to Dr. R. V.
pierce, of Buffa!o, N. Y., for his 'Common
Sense Medical Advis-r, 1 and found it con-
tained much useful information about the
cf re of rit health, about physiology, anat-
oujt, ar.d everyth ing a woman Shoula know.
I then decidea to write Dr. Pierce and tell
him all about my ailments. I received
such a nice, carefully considered and con-
fidential letter, in reply, giving me advice
about iry diet, exercise and alL This
advice is "free to everyone and I wonder you
don't write him at once. It didn't take me
many months to regain my good looks.
Ever since I wa» fifteen I have suffered
tintold agonies periodically but now I am
free from pain, worry and bad temper. Oc-
casionally I took Dr. Pierce's Pleasant
Pellets — this for the complexion, and to
rtiaulate the liver. Then I took - m Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription three times
a day for those womanly weaknesses
I told you abooL That's in j secret of
beauty. It's the easiest thing in the world
to be happy and keep one's good looks.
Look at the* thousands of women who have
been made well by Dr. Pierce 1 * Favorite
Prescription ; loo'-c how they keep their
pood looks. Dr. Pierce offers $500 reward
for any case of Leucorrhea, Female Weak-
cess, Prolapsus, or Falling cf Womb which
he cannot core. All he asks Is a fair and
Tcuos&ble trial of his means of cure."
AT*VKRTT.SH.MI.! l \! i nN
CATAm
Was -Miserable— Was Threatened With Bright 1 s
Disease— Pe-ru-na Cured Him.
''t^^^fp^m^^^^. Many Persons Have Back-
i^^^^ll/^v : ' ache and Kidney Trouble
iS^l(^^^^^^'"'' : Z^'^''''''''''''"''^^ ',, Ir C'^rK* King. Deputy Sheriff of
' "Peruna cured me from what ths doctors
' /^^^^^^^^^^t^^^^^^^^g^J were afraid would turn into Bright 's Dis-
1 ease, and after you have gone through the
1 " __^^^^^7~~" ~~V-*"**__-»^*^^**^~*^l"****— —— '-^** bladder and kidney trouble, and have been
' "Peruna is a blessing to a sick man.
-____^^^ r^^^^g^^ljn'Y^V^^-' Eight bottles made me a well man and were
' — ZZ^^^^W^^^^^t^A^J worth more than a thousand dollars to me.
[ ' cannot speak too highly of it. It is now
\ v T|§g§Sp3iP^^^^i^==^^g^fy V me well. I freely recommend Peruna." —
'^^g^^^ More people suffer from kldn«y trou-
§2?5§5itt^Iii^5i==^.^- *ii0-£7^§?£^ b3e than any other ailment. Backache
1 l^55$ ls Generally the first symptom of dls-
eased kidneys. Half of all cases of kidney
' fc^^^^^^JjjB^^^^^^^^^^B^IKBRgr trouble are due to catarrh of the kid-
' i Z. neys. At first appearance of such symp-
-\^^^^^^^^R3&|StMK§Cv^ toms Peruna should be taken. It strikes
lv^^a^O^^^$^^^w\^xS3^^^S«»% the root of the disease. It relieves th*
! mdt?a orpui Mr catarrhal kidneys of the stagnant blood.
I MR. GEORGE KING. excreting the serum from the blood.
¦ aaatttt»»»»»i»iit»ai mi Peruna stimulates the kidneys to expel
from the blood the accumulated poison.
Mr. James M. Powell. 633 Troost St.. and thus prevents the graver results
Win«-. H rnv \in vir«» Rrand of I O which are sure to follow If poisons are
Kansas Cit>, Mo., vice Grand or i. u. owe>d to remain . Peruna cures kld-
O. F., of Cherryvllle, Kan., writes: ney disease because It cures catarrh
"About four yearp ago I suffered with wherever located.
a severe catarrh of the bladder, which Peruna stands before th« nation as a
caused continued Irritation and pain. 1 thoroughly tested, accurately scientific
was miserable and could not stand up Internal remedy for catarrh. There are
or walk for any length of time without practically no medicinal rivals In the
extreme weariness and pain. I began field.
taking Peruna and it greatly relieved Write Dr. Hartman. President of The
m*>. and in eleven weeks I was com- Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio,
pletely cured and felt like a new man." for free medical advice. All correspond-
— James M. Powell. ence held strictly confidential.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JTj ra k 1 P^4 vS^il * I n ? lit/ 1 & m m » 'fa mJr 1 X*
V9 IfV B - I riix m 1 C\ ad r I n v A J m Mt^ I
S ITEHfiTt Fresh Buttermilk to all our g
¦ £i s&.ELcjg* • visitors. u
H fnn'lt1KC'£ FKHFR Established across the bay for 20 years, I]
M vuuiUDJ tt riJUCIX, conduct the Fresh Meat Department, sellmg jj
M the best the market affords at cut prices. WL
a TEL. FOR FBESH MEATS, SOUTH 223. £3
b3 Will H I AMR Former Fish Commissioner, conducts the Fresh g|
¦ WILL II. LAlfID, pjsh Department. Strictly Fresh Fish at cut Li
% TEX.. SOUTH 83. #T
I 3-DAY SPECIALS. I
1 GROCERIES. J
W FXZTE OSANTTI^ATSD SXTGAS. . EASTERN CODFISH TO
11 18 pounds $!.()() 4 pounds 25c \\
R We handle no Beet Sugar. New catch. Middles. Reg. 10c £!
B With orders only. Pure cane. BIiUE RIBBO2T PLOUB la
/3 Dry. 50 pounds $1.OO M
TH PULIi-WEIGHT C3EAMEBY For breadmaklng. Guaranteed.
K BUTTER square 50c EASTEBIT HAMS. . .pound 13c W
H Fresh churned and sweet. Sweet and fresh smoked. W
H GEITUIJTE JAVA COrrEE With orders. M
» • pound 25c TAWCY JAPAN TEA. W
fc£ Old Government. Strong and pound 35c Jw
ffl delicious. Pulverized if you New crop. Spiderlep. Fresh tR
H » wish. Rec 35c. and aromatic. Res. 50c. »
fj| COOPER'S OLIVE OIL BAIiTDZOSE OYSTERS O
Pi bottle 75c 2-pound can 15c fa
89 Quart size. Reg. $1.00. Spleet. H
& MARTIK'S IT. Y. CHEESE SEEDED EAISETS M
2§ 2 pounds 25c pound packatre 5«» \jj*
m Genuine Cream. Medium ELGIN CREAMERY BUTTER W
fa strong. R<*sr. 20c. pound 25c £ j
fa FICTT1C HAMS pound 9c Fresh grass flavor. M
JH " Sugar cured. All sizes. Rich and creamy. t|
f LIQUORS. %
v\ DUFFT'S MALT WHISKET... BSNEDICTINX bottle 7oC IT
£| m bottle GOc The genuine. Reg. $1.10. Ci
% AMERICAN GOLD BOTOBOS CUTTER'S WHISKEY i
g WHISKET full quart 50c J££ y.- DO " ie * uc iff
N .AMSTERDAM GIN BASS'S AXE dozen 81.50 B
W large white bottle $ 1.00 Old English. Reg. $2.00. s\
S XBRVCR DEW WHISKEY.. Gux««^SS«S PORTEH . „ 8
B f,,ii niiart TO«» aozen ,>l.t>.» Bff
I DY S -tili;ry'boitling. Q ' En^ lish *$*¦ R <*" » 2 <>»• W
SI SCtNFANDEL CLARET . . 1 MARYLAND CLUB WHISKET M
O gallon 50c bottle 85c jfl
jS Mild, smooth, fruity flavor. Pure Rye. Highest perfection J9
M 6 years old. Reg. 75c- of all Whiskies. Reg. $1.25. H
i/^*** AND RETURN %
SB Rojjnd-trip tickets on sale on certain dates via hq
gg the Chicago, Union Pacific and North-Western lg
II Line from San. Francisco, Los Angeles and other |m
||f| California points. Two fast trains daily , includ- gjf
SB ing the famous electric-lighted Overland Limited, MM
SS solid through train, less than three days to Bt§
Chicago, over the only double-track railway Off
\Af rom t^e Missouri River to Chicago. M/B
W&cboice of routes RETURNING VIA ST. LOUIS if dt*xn*.j¥ff
permitting visit to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. M&ffl
• The Best of EVergthing. JjM
%3k\gW Free infoflsition. booilets, maps, time schedules. »!iepiar or, JEyJ+r
m reservations, tickets, etc., on application. ygjrvfcf JBUJj^^
J^Si&FFttS^Sisk *- "• RITCHIE. Gen'l »gt Pacific Coast, C. A N.-W. By^^gT^jij^lLUwfyOAKLAND. Aug. 17.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Frank J
Kalis, over 21. and Lena Schaeffer
over 18, both of Alameda; Howard M*
Smitten. 26. and Kate Blachree. 20*
both of Berkeley; Richard Thomas'
26, San Francisco, and Margaret
White. 22. Fruitvale; Fred J. Alloway
26, Concord, and Eleanor KIdd. 3*
Fruitvale.
EU^TTOnnj, Me.. Auk. 17.— A son tv«s
born to-fiey to "Mr. »nd Mrs.- Harry Payne
Mother and child art Mid to be
oc:s( well.
PLEASANTON, Aug. 17.— "Tony"
Schweer was thrown from a buggy
here last night, sustaining a fracture
of the left collar bone and a number
of painful bruises. Dr. Pauline Nus
baumer, city bacteriologist of Oakland,
has been sent for and will arrive in
Pleasanton this evening.
A. F. Schwecr Badly Hurt.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— Mills College
has opened for the new term and a
large number of new students have
been registered. There have been sev
eral changes In the faculty. Mfss Cress
of Radcliffe College taking charge of
the department of French and Miss
Bryant of Stanford University of the
Latin department. Miss Henderson of
the University of California Is a nevr
ii-structor in the Department of Sci
ence. : *,,*,
Mills College Opens.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 17. — Lin wood Pal
mer, J. R. Tregloan, Clare R. Riddle
man and John •¦Frothingham have
deeded to the city of Alameda that
portion of. their properties lying on
what would be Eagle avenue, if pro
longed between Broadway arid Pearl
street. The property is to be imme
diately declared a public street and
opened to traffic.
Deed Their Land to City.
The bride formerly conducted a
school for foreign languages in the
Phelan building. The ceremony was
performed last evening at 1100 Van
Ness avenue without attendants.
The announcement of the marriage
of Dr. John C. Sundberg, now of Santa
Cruz, but formerly a well known prac
titioner of San Francisco,, and Miss
Hermance I. Bundesen, a teacher of
languages, will come as something of
a surprise to the former friends of the
elderly lecturer-physician.
Dr. 1 Sundberg was at one. time an
associate of Dr. Montgomery and with
him enjoyed a lucrative practice. But
becoming afflicted with a diplomatic
ambition he sought and obtained from
G rover Cleveland a foreign consulship
— that of Bagdad. Here he spent
three profitable years, gathering much
interesting matter, which he has since
embodied In lectures, delivering them
professionally. .
Prominent Doctor Weds.
HAYWARDS, Aug. 17.— Henry V.
Munson, a fanner residing near thte
city, received Injuries in a runaway ac
cident last night which may prove
fatal. Munson was on his way home
from Hay wards when his horse j be
came frightened and \ he was thrown
from the buggy. His shoulder was dis
located and he received .serious internal
Injuries.
Farmer Hurt in Runaway.
Property of Aped Colored Woman
Who Was Murdered for Her
Money Brings $400.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17. — The property
left by aged Elizabeth Leroy, the old
jj colored woman who was murdered In
her home at Golden Gate by .Victor
Walklrez and Annie Ross, both of
whom are now serving; life sentences
at San Quentin, has been sold by Pub
lic Administrator George Gray for
$400. The estate consisted of a little
home at Green and Hallett streets at
Golden Gate.
DISPOSES OF ESTATE
OF ELIZABETH L.EROY
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— The Finance
and Securities Company of San Fran
cisco has organized the West Oakland
Bank and Trust Company, and already
$39,000 of the $50,000 capital stock has
been subscribed by prominent mer
chants and business men of West
Oakland. The officers and directors of
the ne.w bank are: Chtrles M. Wlllard,
president: M. E. Dougherty, first vice
president; E. C. Hahn, second vice
president; C. li Wines, cashier; 0. F.
Brelling, William Long and F. M.
Myers.
Bank for West Oakland.
The litigation which had been pend
ing for some time between the Raw
hide Gold Mining Company, com
plainant, and the Tuolumne County
Water Company and the Tuofumne
County Water and Electric Power
Company, defendants, was ended yes
terday in the United States Circuit
Court by a compromise. By the terms
of the compromise the Rawhide Min
ing Company is to receive $15,750 and
the defendants the remainder of $29,
966, the total in the hands of the col
lector. United States Marshal John H.
Shine. The suit before the court was
for $150,000 and possession of a water
and electric power and light plant
near the Rawhide and Apn mines In
Tuolumne County, the principal owner
of which mines Is W. A. Nevills. Tha
equity case pending between the same
parties was also dismissed.
Little 3Iorc Than One-Tenth the Sum
Sued for .Satisfies the Demands
of* Complainant.
RAWHIDE MIXK CASES
SETTLED IX COURT
Committee Submits a Report as to
Ha i ins of Oakland in IJst of
Lanre Cities.
OAKLAND. Aug. 17.— The Alameda
County Teachers' Club has received
a partial report from a sub-committee
which has been investigating teachers'
salaries with a view to preparing data
end arguments In favor of an Increase
In pay of public school employes. In
point of wages paid Oakland stands
ninth in a list of 176 cities in the
United States of 40,000 population or
more. The primary teachers of Oak
land stand sixteenth, Alameda ninth
and Berkeley tenth. For maximum
salaries paid to grammar school prin
cipals Oakland ranks twelfth; for
high school teachers, not including
principals, Oakland Is thirty-third.
Oakland Is twenty-third on the list
for superintendents' salaries.
"teachers argue for
increase of salaries
OAKLAND, Aug. 17. — The funeral
of William A. Field, founder. of the
Fulton Iron Works in San Francisco,
who died last Sunday, was held at 2
o'clock this afternoon from the family
resldance, 1457 Myrtle street. The ser
vices were held under the auspices of,
the Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows, the remains being afterward in
terred in Mountain View Cemetery.
Field came to California during the
early days and located in San Fran
cisco, where he became active in Re
publican politics. He was for many
years a member of the San Francisco
Volunteer Fire Department. At the
time of his death Field was 72 years
of age. He was a cousin of Cyrus
W. Field, who laid the Atlantic cable.
Funeral of William A. Field Is Held
From the Family Residence
in Oakland.
FOUNDER OF THE FCLTOX
1ROX WORKS LAID TO REST
Max Gutter was arrested yesterday
by Detectives Bunner and Freel on
Montgomery street on a warrant is
sued in May last on complaint of El
kan Conn of the Crossley building,
charging him with obtaining money
by false pretenses. It was alleged that
GQtter had passed a "gold brick" on
Cohn, for which he received $1700.
Cohn and his brother Morris carried
the brick to the Mint, where they
.were speedily undeceived. Cohn at
the time asserted that he had been
swindled out of $30,000 by Gutter In
mining deals and the "gold brick" was
to recompense him.
Gutter says he left here In May for
Nome, where he has some mining
claims. Cohn was with him when he
bought his ticket and they were to
gether nearly up to the time the train
started. His attorney wrote him that
Cohn had sworn to the warrant and
he came here to clear himself.
"I know nothing whatever about
the gold brick," -said Gutter. "Cohn
and I have been interested for some
years In mining claims and still are.
I believe Cohn was instigated to
ewear to the warrant by Mocris. his
brother, who is my bitter enemy. Cohn
breakfasted with me at my home yes
terday morning and this morning and
declared that he did not want me ar
rested."
After being booked Gutter was re
leased on $1000 bonds accepted by Judge
Cook.
Max Gutter Returns From Xome and
Is Arrested for Obtaining Money
by False Pretenses. ..,.., •;
ACCrSED OF PASSIXG
GOLD BRICK OX COIIX
Miss Louise Lemnile Essays to De
fend Her Father but Launches
Into Abuse of Authorities.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17. — In an at
tempt to act as attorney for her fa
ther, on trial In the police court on a
charge of selling lottery tickets, Miss
Louise Lemmle got beyond her depth
'this morning. George Lemmle. the de
fendant, and the young woman advo
cate hecame so badly tangjed % ' after
they had tried ts examine two tales
men that had been summoned for Jury
service that Police Judge Smith .was
compelled to adjourn court. His Hon
or continued the case until August 31
to give Lemmle an oportunity to en
gage counsel that would be competent
tc handle his case.
Miss Lemmle had anticipated the
trial by writing a number of queerly
incoherent letters to Judge Smith,
which were impossible to compre
hend.
In court the woman tiraded against
every one who was connected with
her parent's arrest. Bailiff, clerk,
judge and prosecuting attorney were
unequal to the job of stilling the ex
cited daughter. Lemmle, who is a
character of the city, known as
"Frenchy," the mustard seller, failed
to understand that he was In a court
of Justice.
DAUGHTER FAILS IN'
CHARACTER OF PORTIA.
Dr. Sanders was doing Yosemite last
week and he was seized with an am
bition to walk the mountain frails.
After scaling Glacier Point he was
very tired and sought a shorter route
down the trail. The guides warned
him that the way was dangerous
alone, but he insisted on trying It.
When near a sharp turn of the trail
he slipped and fell, bruising his body
in many places. Though there is no
danger of fatal consequences, the the
ologian will not be able to leave his
room for some days.
BERKELEY, Aug. 17. — The Rev.
Frank Knight Sanders, dean of the
divinity school at Tale College, -will
not be able to deliver the opening lec
ture at the reopening of the Pacific
Theological Seminary this year. Such
was the message received by'ijresident
J. K. McLean to-day.
Dr. Sanders of Yale Divinity College
Leaves Guides and Receives
Many Bruises.
TIIEOLOGIAX PliUNGES
DOWX YOSEMITE CLIFF
OAKLAND, Aug. 17. — The Master
Plumbers* Association and the Board
of Health have agreed upon the pro
visions of a new sanitary plumbing or
dinance. The proposed bill will be in
troduced at the next meeting of the
City Council. For two years the sub
ject of new regulations has been under
controversy.
Plumbers Asree on Ordinance.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17. — After report
ing to the police this morning that his
wife had fled with her child, John
Peters, residing at 2131 Haven street,
recalled the alarm he had given be
cause Mrs. Peters had returned to the
family hearthstone. The couple quar
rtled last week and the mother de
parted. She had been with relatives
at Redwood City.
Ixjst Wife Returns.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 17.
City Auditor A. H. Breed to-day de
cided, under protest, to audit the bills
of the Contra Costa Water Company
for July. This action is taken upon the
advice of Citv Attorney McElroy and
Mayor Olney. The point was whether
the injunction of the United States
Circuit Court piohibitlnjr the enforce
ment of the rew water rates would
be effective as against the Auditor.
Touching that phase of the situation
City Attorney McElroy,* in a written
cpinion, said:
The rates fixed by the resolution of the City
Council, adopted May 31, 1004, cannot be en
forced at present, owing to the temporary in
junction issued by the Circuit Court of the
United States in action entitled Contra Costa
Water Company vs. City of Oakland et al.,
consequently your action in above' motion
cannot be governed by said named resolution.
Further City Attorney McElroy said:
The bills that have been approved by the
Board of Public Works and the Board of Po
lice and Fire Commissioners were for water
furnished during the month of July. 1004, to
the city of Oakland, and the Contra Costa
Water Company Is entitled to the reasonable
value thereof, and as the rates: attempted to
be established by resolution of the City Coun
cil, adopted May 31, 1904, cannot rule your
action in the matter of approval or rejection
of said bills. In your capacity as Auditor, It
Is your duty to determine what Is the reason
able value of the water so furnished.
The question of reasonable .rates Is now
before the courts and in the absence of a
decision from a court of final resort I would
advise, considering the great difficulties in
cident to this matter and under all the cir
cumstances, that the above bills be audited.
I would advise, however, that you audit said
bills paid under protest.
City Auditor Breed said:
In view of this opinion. In which Mayor
Olney concurs, I can see no other course to
follow than to audit the claims and to draw
the warrants. I have therefore decided to
take that, action.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 17.
' Edward E. • Thornton, superintend
ent of tho Hay wards division of the
Oakland Transit Consolidated, was
granted a divorce to-day by Judge
Melvin from Amanda C. Thornton,
whom he accuses of staying out nights
end disturbing his peace of mind. He
was also granted the custody of their
nine-year-old girl. Mrs. Thornton
made no defense and allowed the case
to go by default. The testimony was
taken before Court Commissioner
Clarence Crowell and upon his recom
mendation the divorce was granted.
For three years Thornton states that
he has been deserted for a night or
two each week, while the little girl
was left alone many times. He says
that his wife would go away wlth'out
tilling him where she was going or
when she would return, and 'when she
came back she made no. explanations.
He remonstrated and tried to induce
her to give up her associaties, but was
unsuccessful and finally patience
ceased longer to be a virtue. He told
her never to come back and began the
action which ended to-day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
r 1016 Broadway. Aug.. 17.
The officials of the .Southern Pacific
and Key Route Ferry companies have"
decided, after considering the request^
of the Merchants' Exchange commit
tee for an all night service •between
* Oakland and San Francisco, that the
present travel between the two cities
would not pay the additional expense
of an all night boat. In accordance
with this decision the committee sub
mitted the following: report to the ex
change at the meeting of the board of
directors last night:
Tour oommitiee appointed to consider the pos»
* tiblllty of an sll-nlght. ferry service between
Oakland "tid San FraneUco respectfully re
port ¦* follows:
W* conferred with the proper officials of
\h* Southern Taclflc Company, the Key Route
Ferry and the OaJtland Transit Consolidated. .
All of the gentlemen with whom we con
ferred admitted that the plan wa« desirable,
but considered that the amount of travel would
net furnish a revenue sufficient to Justify the
largely Increased expenditure which would be
required to operate an all-night ferry.
A r.ight boat is now operated on the harbor
ferry for the transportation of freight. If thi»
boat would carry paswngeni Jt wouhi furnish
an Increased service, but thU would require
the operation of street cars to the foot of
Broadway in order that passengers might be
conveyed to different part* of the city. This
would increase the expenses of the Oakland
Transit Consolidated, and. In their Judgment,
the revenue would not justify the expense.
We. therefore, report the matter bark to the
exchange without recommendation. We con-
Flder the all-nlrht ferry eervlce would be a
* great bene'flt to Alameda County, but see no
means of obtaining It at the present time.
J. F. VT. SOHST,
F O. EIBEN.
¦VSILBUH WALKER, .
Committee.
The committee also reported that, in
answer to the request for an earlier
service on foggy mornings, the officials
of the Southern Pacific Company had
replied that to run an hourly service,
the first boat to start at 5:20 a. m. on
mornings when the fog was thick,
¦would disarrange the entire ferry
schedule.
Mother Makes No Appear
ance and Lets the Case
Against Her Go by Default
* Officials of Railroad Com
. panies Say Travel Would
Not Warrant Extra Outlay
Mayor Olney and City At
torney Say That Federal
Injunction Is in Effect
HAS OFFICIAL ADVICE
CHILD GOES TO FATHER
• EXPENSE IS TOO HEAVY
3Ierchauts ? Exchange Com
mittee Fails to Secure
.Owl Service for Oakland
Amanda C. Thornton Stays
Out Nights Until Husband
Wearies and Seeks Divorce
Auditor Breed Draws War
rants to Pay the Claims
of Contra Costa Company
REFUSE TO RUN
ALL NIGHT BOATS
ALLOWS BILLS
UNDER PROTEST
WIFE BREAKS
UP HER HOME
STRICKEN NEAR
WEDDING TIME
STUDIES BEGIN
AT UNIVERSITY
Freshman Class of Present
School Year Promises to
Break All Previous Records
Frederick M. Campbell Is
Attacked With Paralysis
Soon After Engagement
PHYSICIAN IS* HOPEFUL
MANY ARE REGISTERED
Pioneer Educator Suffers
Shock Following Quickly
After a Former Illness
Recitations Now 'Resume
After the Vacation Dur
ing the Summer Months
IS WANTED IN EUISUN. — Joseph Byrn«
waa arrested last night by the police and
placed on the detinue book at the city prison.
He Is wanted In Sulsun for stealing a load of
fruit from a Chinaman.
Expect a Large Crowd at Picnic.
The committe in charge of the pic
nic to be given by St. Joseph's parish
at Schuetzen Park on Labor day re
ports a prospect of a large attendance.
Arrangements have been made that
all who attend may have every com
fort. A long list of athletic events will
be a feature of the celebration. Spe
cial boats will be run all day. The
following committee will manage the
outing: President. T. E. Treacy; vice
president, J. P. McGuIre; secretaries,
Edward C. Curtis, Frank P. McElroy;
treasurer, Rev. P. J. Keane; Thomas
Reagan, John T. Dowllng, John Sulli
van. G. W. Bayreuther, J. B. Gaffney,
J. F. Lawler, John Tamony, T. W.
Hickey, A. A. McNeil, Thomas Lally,
Frank P. Scully, Thomas Derham, R.
S. McCann, W. D. Tait. George Gil
logley, John Renault, D. Dehery, m.
A. Walsh, J. A. Cruza, E. F. Lucitt.
M. J. Fox, Thomas McKeon, T. Dris
coll, P. H. Prendergast, \T. T. Otis.
T. L. Clancy, Dr. J. V. Hughes, P. M.
O'Connor, P. J. Kelly, T. H. Nolan, T.
Sheehan, H. Thurber, F. J. Dannet, E.
G. Fitzgerald, J. I. Bresnahan, Joseph
O'Connell, Joseph Murphy, John Mc-
Donnell, E. F. Conlan, N. Morrlsey,
Oscar Hocks, M. A. Holloran. George
Golder, A. L. Lucier, H. McElearney.
The two great councils of the Im
proved Order of Red Men did not
transact any business yesterdav but
the election of great chiefs for the en
suing great sun.
C. S. Davis of Angels Camp was
elected great sachem; A. M. Cum
mlng of Hollister, great senior saga
more; Julius S. Godeau of San Fran
cisco, great Junior sagamore; Jacob
Samuels of San Francisco, great
prophet; Porter L. Bliss of San Fran
cisco, great chief of records; James
Boyes of San Francisco, great keeper
of wampum; F. J. Rippey and Charles
Fowler of San Francisco . and M. J.
O'Gara, great trustees; J. Samuels, T.
H. Sellers, J. J. Bryan and J. C. Rud
dick, representatives to the i Great
Council of the United States.
In the Degree of Pocahontas Mrs.
Minnie Betts, San Francisco, was elect
ed great prophetess; Annie M. Bliss,
great Pocahontas; Jennie Crase, Grass
Valley, great Wenonah; Ida E.
Wheeler, San Francisco, great Mlnne
haha; Mrs. E. J. Brazlle, Sacramento,
great keeper of records; Harriet Janes,
San Francisco, great keeper of wam
pum.
Officers Are Selected to Conduct the
Affairs of Improved Order of
Red 3ien.
TWO- GREAT COUNCILS - - - -
; : ' • ELECT THE NEW CHIEFS
ALAMEDA, Aug. 17.— John Myers
proved to be well provided with per
sonal property when he was arrested
this morning by Policeman McDon
nell. At the police station he dis
gorged from his pockets, besides forty
seven old newspapers and thirty hand
kerchiefs, the following useful articles:
Twelve pocket knives, thirteen pack
ages of matches, fourteen packages of
tobacco and eleven smoking pipes. He
stated to the police that he was an in
veterate smoker and had come to this
city to work; claiming to have secured
a "position" chopping wood for a Ger
man hardware dealer. The case was
dismissed on Myers" promising to leave
townl -¦¦ ¦ -
Aged Vagrant Arrested in Alameda
Might Have Stocked a Second-
Hand Store,
HAS PIPES, TOBACCO
AND MATCHES TO BURN
Campbell has been Superintendent of
Schools of Oakland and was private
secretary to Secretary of Commerce
Victor H. Metcalf during that official's
terms In the House of Representatives.
Frederick M. Campbell, former State
Superintendent of Public Instruction
and one of the pioneer school teachers
of California, was stricken with paraly
sis this afternoon at his residence, 1262
Webster street. As Campbell had only
recently recovered from a severe para
lytic shock the attack to-day caused
grave alarm over his condition.
Dr. J. L. Mayon, the family physi
cian, was called to the Campbell resi
dence and attended the patient. The
doctor pronounced the stroke a light
one. He expressed the hope that a re
currence of the shocks would be
checked. Late to-night Campbell was
resting easily. The closest attention is
being given his case.
Less than a month ago the engage
ment of Campbell and Mrs. H. M. L.
Walker, formerly of Honolulu, was an
nounced. The wedding was set for a
day not fixed in November. Mrs. Walk
er became acquainted with her pros
pective husband through meeting Miss
Mary Campbell, his daughter, while
Miss Campbell was»on a visit at Hono
lulu.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 17.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Aug. 17.
In anticipation of the reopening of the
fall term at the University of Califor
nia there has been a large influx of
prospective freshmen to Berkeley the
last few days. Indications point* to an
increase in the number of the fresliman
class over last year, and possibly there
will be more than 700 members of the
first class. The highest number of stu
dents was reached in 1903, when there
were 690 registrations. As there are al
ready about 650 applications for admis
sion, with a promise of more to come,
it is more than likely that the re'eord
will be overcapped.
Recitations in the classrooms will be
gin to-morrow at 8 o'clock. Students
have been preparing for the reopening
of college for a week past, and will re
sume their studies in earnest to-mor
row morning.
RAILROAD SURGEONS ' MEET
IN ANNUAL CONFERENCE
Interesting Papers Are Read Regard
ing the Treatment of Unusual
Injuries.
The second annual meeting of the
Pacific Association of Railway Sur
geons was held at the St. Francis Ho
tel yesterday afternoon, Dr. Coffey
presiding. A number of interesting
papers were read by surgeons from
different points along the coast, the
papers dealing chiefly with the treat
ment of injuries such as are received
in railway accidents or from falls.
Photographs were shown illustrating
the 'method of treatment in certain
unusual cases where the patient had
recovered without using the loss of his
limbs when on first examination It waa
thought that amputation would be ab
solutely necessary. The order of busi
ness was as follows:
President's address, W. B. Coffey,
San Francisco; "Appendicitis," J. H.
O'Connor, San Francisco; "Ethyl
Chloride as an Anesthetic," W. W.
Fitzgerald, Stockton; "Railway Spine,"
J. W. Graham, Lompoc; "Tentonomy
of the Tendon Achilles In Fracture of
the Leg,"' A.. W. Morton, San Fran
cisco; "Report of a Severe Case of
Railroad Injury, Involving Fracture of
the Spine and Extensive Crushing of
the Foot,^Resulting in Recovery," T.
C." McCleave; Berkeley; "Dermatitis
Herpetiformls; Report of a Case,"
Robert A. Peers, Colfax; "Report of a
Case of Fracture and Dislocation of
Pelvis," S. J. Gardner, San Rrancisco.
The session will be continued to-day
with demonstrations in the morning
at the Southern Pacific Hospital. In
the afternoon officers will be elected
and a banquet will be held ' in the
evening.
MISSIONARIES TO TEACH
PEOPLE OF THE FAR EAST.
Members of First Presbyterian Church
Give Them Reception on Eve
of Departure.
A reception was tendered to Dr.
Jenks of Omaha and twenty-eight
missionaries last night in the parlors
of the First Presbyterian Church.
They leave this morning for Oriental
ports. Dr. Jenks was formerly asso
ciate pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church. The parlors were crowded
with friends.
Dr. Ferguson of Sydney talked at
length upon the trials and difficulties
the missionaries would have to face,
but he told them to place themselves
in the hands of their Maker and
their labors would be crowned with
success. Dr. Jenks also talked of the
conditions the missionaries would
have to meet The party sails on the
steamer Doric, which leaves to-day.
They are going to China, Japan, Ko
rea, Siam, Philippines and other Far
Eastern countries.
W. R. NEWELL SPEAKS
ON SIX OF 3fAN.
Magnitude of Human Transgression.
He Says, .Marks Every Feature of.
the Savior's Execution.
Dr. William R. Newell, the widely
known Bible instructor of the Moody
Institute. Chicago, addressed a meet
ing last evening in the Franklin street
Presbyterian Church. Dr. Newell,
who Is an eloquent, comprehensive and
forceful speaker, selected for his sub
ject the historical Incidents of the
crucifixion of the Savior. The trans
gression of man, he said, was an aw
ful sin when Christ, the second in the
trinity of heaven, came here to die on
the cross, the disgraceful gallows of
the ancient. "Every feature of that
execution," the speaker continued,
"marks the magnitude of the univer
sal sin that caused it. Even the Ro
man judge found Christ innocent but
condemned him to die In the place of
the robber Barrabas, who had been
adjudged guilty. The sin of the world
showed Itself everywhere In that
dreadful scene."
CROSS-LIBEL FILED
IN SAUSALTTO CASE
In the libel of W. a; Boole & Son
vs. the steamer Sausalito a cross-libel
was filed by the defendants yesterday
in the United States District Court.
Boole's suit was brought to collect
$11,568 balance alleged to be due on
a bill of $64,386 96 for repairing the
steamer.
- The cross-libel avers that there was
an overcharge of $7500 In the bill;
that the work -was defectively done,
and that the materials were insuf
ficient, by reason of which defects and
shortcomings the owner of the steam
er, the North Shore Railroad Com
pany, was damaged in the sum of
$20,000, for which It 'prays judgment.
Pleads Guilty to Assault.,
Joseph Ricci, charged with assault
to murder, pleaded guilty to simple
assault in Judge/Dunne's court yes
terday. He was ordered to appear for
sentence on Monday. He and C. Anzo
were drinking together in a saloon at
Pacific and Front streets on the night
of July 10. They quarreled and Ricci
stabbed Anzo 'in the side. A peculiar
feature of the case was that Anzo em
ployed Attorney Spinetti to defend
Ricci. : ¦¦-•' ¦-¦•-,¦
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Seamen's Institute Concert.
The Seamen's Institute, 32 Steuart
street, gave one of its enjoyable
monthly concerts and entertainments
last evening to an audience composed
principally of young sailors from the
shipping in the harbor. On the pro
gramme were songs by Misses Fur
man, songs by Miss Scnultie, Miss Ja
cobson, Miss Mark, Miss Cousins and
a violin solo by Miss Jacobson. Miss
Mowbray gave a recitation and Mr.
Millmaln of the steamship Manchu
ria brought down the -house with his
singing. The Seamen's Institute is
admirably conducted by Rev. S. H. W.
Dlgby and is deserving of success. .,
A misunderstanding between two
branches of machinists delayed work
at the Potrero branch of the San
Francisco Gas and Electrical Com
pany's plant on last Tuesday. The
trouble grew out of the employment of
a few machinists who are not mem
bers of the Gas Workers* Union but
belong to another union in good stand
ing with the labor organization. The
difficulty was adjusted yesterday on
the arrival of Secretary Wisler of the
Labor Council, who informed Peter
Crowley, business agent of the Gas
Workers' Union, that the latter had
acted hastily in ordering the men to
quit work without submitting the
trouble to the regular arbitration
committee of the Labor Council.
Gas Workers Resume Work.
Though she thought she wanted to
die, Julia Vinche, a 16-year-old girl,
diluted and sweetened a dose of car
bolic acid before taking it yesterday.
The carbolic toddy was not strong
enough to harm her.
The girl had read about an acquain
tance who had taken carbolic acid.
She became morbid on the subject and
determined to die by the same meth
od. In the kitchen of her mother's
home at 8 Sunshine court the girl
mixed the drink, which she thought
would prove fatal. I
Her mother found her lying on a
lounge waiting for the approach of
death. Mrs. Vinche sent for an am
bulance and Julia was taken to the
Central Emergency Hospital. She
was found to be suffering very little
from the decoction.
"I guess I don't care to die, she
said. "Carbolic acid Is not very nice,
even when you put sugar in it."
Julia Vinchc Drinks a Carbolic Add
Toddy Which Does Her
Little Harm.
DILUTES AND SWEETENS
HER POISONOUS DRAUGHT
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
SPENDS DAY AT CHUTES
Members and Friends of the Organ
ization Enjoy Themselves at the
Favorite Resort.
The Young Men's Institute spent
yesterday at the Chutes. Business
prevented many members from at
tending in the afternoon, but in th*
evening there was a large gathering
of members and friends of the organ
ization, who enjoyed themselves at the
popular resort.
The purpose of the event was to
raise funds for improving th» lodge
headquarters, which they will make
as comfortable as possible, so that
the members can spend their leisure
in a model lodgeroom.
No special programme was ar
ranged by the committee from the In
stitute, but the regular programme of
the Chutes was attractive. One-half
of the receipts taken in on certain
amusements went to the institute's
fund.
Every preparation is being mad*
for the session which Is to begin
Monday at Crockett. The institute
has grown -wonderfully since its or
ganization in 18S3. It was then a lo
cal body and now there are lodges
throughout the United States.
Besides asking for the injunction
Garrett sues Coffroth and the unknown
defendants for $50,000 damages, but
states that they are unable to respond
to a judgment. His complaint de
clares that the wording of the banner
has held him up to the hatred and
contempt of the community and has
injured his personal, social and busi
ness standing.
Thomas Garret, publisher of the
Evening Post, late yesterday after
noon obtained an order from Judg3
Kerrigan temporarily restraining the
publication by J. W. Coffroth and
others of the Stinger, which was ad
vertised to appear to-day for free dis
tribution and containing charges re
flecting upon the publisher's life. Thf ;
restraining order also applies to the
wagon which was driven through the
streets yesterday carrying a ten by
fifteen foot canvas upon which was
lettered the advertisement of the
Stinger's intended contents. The court
requires Coffroth and the John Doe
defendants to show cause on Frldav,
August 26, why the injunction should
not be made perpetual.
Publisher En joins. Issue, of Promised
Sensational Pamphlet and Parad
ing: of Banner Advertising It. .
GARRETT PULLS STING
OF COFFROTH'S "STINGER"
Whitaker has been on the police
force for thirty years and has an en
viable record for taking criminals.
Robinson is the first man who ever
escaped from the aged sleuth.
James Robinson, wanted by the
Sheriff of Sonoma county on a charge
of forgery, escaped from the police
yesterday afternoon. Detective Rosa
Whitaker caught the suspect at the
Western Union Telegraph office on
Market and New Montgomery streets
and started for the prison with hi3
man. He had a pair of chain "twist
ers" on Robinson's, wrists.
At the corner of Merchant and
Montgomery streets Robinson com
plained that the "twister" was hurting
his wrists. The officer stopped to
loosen the hold of the chain, when
Robinson threw up his hands and.
wrenching free of the detective's
grasp, rushed down Merchant street-
He passed through a fish market "and
stole a bicycle from a little boy there.
Then he. rode as far as Battery and
Union streets, where he disappeared
into a saloon. Detective Mulcahy was
sent in search of the missing prisoner,
but could not find any trace of him.
Robinson is wanted In Sonoma
County for forging the name of T.
L. Burns to secure $25 on a telegraph
order.
James Robinson, "Wanted for Forgery
in Sonoma County, Gets Free on
Montgomery Street.
PRISONER BREAKS AWAY
FROM OFFICER AND ESCAPES.
The City Council to-night on the mo
tion of Councilman John L. Howard
adopted a resolution calling for the ap
pointment of a committee to draft a
bill for presentation to the Legislature
by which the 15 per cent llrr.it on bond
Issues for the acquisition of public
utilities or Improvements by munici
palities may be exceeded where a self
supporting public utility is to be ac
quired. The purpose, as explained by
Councilman Howard, is to enable a city
to issue bonds in excess of 15 per cent
of the assessed valuation of property,
for acquisition of a water 'plant as an
example, always providing that all
operating expenses, interest charges
and the like be met out of the plant's
revenue. President Dornln will name a
committee at a later date.
An ordinance providing for the as
signment to the Oakland Transit Com
pany of that portion of the franchise
known as the Fourth-avenue line, from
F. E. Chapin and J. H. Macdonald.
was referred to the Ordinance and Ju
diciary Committee. Councilman How
ard said he should oppose granting the
assignment until Chapin had with
drawn his claim against the city for
$8500, which he paid for this franchise
and one on College avenue.
"Chapin," said Councilman Howard,
"has asserted In his petition for a re
turn of the money that the franchise
had not been legally granted. Despite
that claim he has assigned a portion of
the franchise to the Oakland Transit.
He must set himself right."
The City Board of Equalization, in
connection with City Assessor Breed,
took action as follows on various appli
cations for reductions:
From the Southern Pacific, for re
duction on Franklin and First street
lands, from $233,000 to $150,000. granted;
on Peralta-street freight ferry fran
chise, from $50,000 to $25,000, granted;
on Oakland harbor (Broadway) ferry
franchise, from $50,000 to $25,000, de
nied; tide lands at West Oakland, from
$100,000 to $50,000, reduced *to $75,000;
Oakland Point lands, from $225,000 to
$110,400, granted; improvements on
same, $50,000 to $40,000, granted; block
signal system, from $50,000 to $5, re
duced to $7500; Oakland Gas, Light and
Heat Company franchises, from $750,000
to $150,000. granted.
Oakland Office San Franclsoc Call,
,1016 Broadway, Aug. 17.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Frank
Soule arrested Robert Dake for shoot
ing at deer from the county road in
Mendocino County, near the Walker
Valley ranch. There is an ordinance
In Mendocino County forbidding
shooting from the public roads. Dake
was taken to Willits before Justice
Kenworthy, who fined him $10.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Georg*
Stiman on Wednesday last arrested
John Correll at East San Pedro Tor
having crawfish in his possession dur
ing the close season. Correll was
taken before Judge Downing at San
Pedro, who fined him $20. which was
paid. Stiman then arrested Mrs. O.
A. Warden of East San Pedro, who
had a large number of abalone shell9
in her possession that were less than
fifteen inches in circumference. Sne
was taken before Judge Downing at
San Pedro, who found her guilty ancs
fined her $20, which was paid.
M. E. Hulbert, who had been ar
rested last Friday by Deputy Fish
Commissioner Elam for shipping sev
enty-seven doves in two packages to
L. Scatena & Co., commission mer
chants of this city, pleaded guilty be
fore Justice Fulton at Dinuba to the
charge of having more than fifty doves
in his possession and was fined i'Zi,
which he paid.
On Saturday last Deputy Fish Com
missioner E. T. Newsome arrested
Phillip Grolzo and W. W. Lemon for
shooting ducks near Newman. As tne
offense was committed across the line
in Merced Count}; the prisoners were
taken before Justice C. S. Cothran of
I.os Banos and the trial is set for
September 2. There have been a num
ber of violations of the duck law in
that part of the State, it being a
breeding ground for wild ducks, and
most of them having young ones it is
wanton slaughter to kill them at this
time.
Fish Commissioners Dolnsr Their Duty
in Vnrlous Parts of
the State.
MAXY ARRESTS MADE
>'OR BREAKING GAME LAWS.
3Iany Applications for Re
ductions in Assessments
Receive Due Consideration
BOAUD OF EQUALIZATION
Oakland Council Wants the
Eight to Issue Bonds to
Purchase Public Utilities
TO DRAFT BILL
RAISING LIMIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST IS, ISOi. —
VALUE OF EDGAR ESTATE. — Oakland.
Aug. 17. — An appraisement of the estate of the'
late James Edgrar of . Berkeley was filed to
day and shown the property, to be worth $15,-'
076 26.. Of this amount $13,076 26 is cash and
the remainder lots in Berkeley.
I While on a carouse early Wednes
day morning, Thomas King, a fire
man on the transport Thomas, was
held up and robbed by. three men on
Sansome street and Broadway. They
relieved him of his watch and chain,
valued at $15. A friend of Thomas
witnessed the men assail him, but
feared to make an outcry. The case
i was reported to the Central station.
Three Men .Rob a Fireman.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17. — Dr. A. M. H.
Griesser, a dentist at 873 Sixth street,
stooped down to pat a strange dog this
morning and the animal bit him
through the lip.
Bitten by Strange Dog.
Marriage Licenses.
4
and $1 per pound and is pro-
nounced by I the above well
known grocery dealers the best
quality and value for the price
of any tea used in this country.
This tea will be distributed free
to want ad. advertisers in next
SUXDAY'S CALL. See an-
nouncement on classified adver-
tisement page.
> It retails for 50c, 60c, 80c
GOLDBERG, B OWEN & CO/S
Favorite Family Grade of
CEYLON TEA
"BEE" BRAND.
A TON OF TEA
FREE- — FREE
i ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
OAKLAXD.
« 1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 11.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOT A TOOTHACHE?
Don't attempt to cure It with any of
the so-called toothache cures. Better let
DENTISTS
Examine the tooth, locate the trouble
and remove the cause.
EXAMINATIONS MADE PBEE.
All our work Is high grade. The teeth
made In our laboratory are perfect in
appearance and action.
PUtea, Pull Set. .$3 Bridge Work S3
post-graduatTdental college
3 TATLOS ST.. SAW PBANCISCO.
973 Wasniaarton St.. Oakland.
Sia Joie. ¦ • • Sa,crcaasa:o»WASHINGTON. Aug. 17. — Secretary of
Commerce and Labor Metcalf left to-night for
•his home in California to attend to some pri
vate business. ¦
' -j: ' :'¦': ' ' "y ¦ ¦' .
The Southern Pacific Company and
Its connecting lines yesterday began
action to forestall the expected activ
ity of the ticket scalpers during the
two big conventions next, month. An
injunction is asked to pre\ f ent the
brokers from buying or offering for
sale the special excursion tickets to be
sold all over the country to San Fran
cisco, and Los Angeles and return for
the triennial conclave of the Knights
Tempter September 5 to 9 and the
Sovereign Grand'- Lodge, ' I. O. O. F.,
September 19 to 25: 1
The suit Is directed against A. Ot
tlnger,\H. R.*Duffln, Charles Conklin.
T. A. Rigdon and various "Doe" brok
ers alleged to belohs to the American
Ticket: Brokers' Association and the
Guasantee Q Ticket . Brokers' Associa
tion. It is said that by reason of the
large number of tickets 'to -be sold and
the fact that holders will be strangers
there will be no means of detecting or
preventing; the fraudulent use of the
ticket?. . .:,'">•" SGSgSBSSi
Railroads Do Not AVnnt Brokers to
Deal in Excursion Tickets for
His: Conventions.
SOUTHERN" PACIFIC SUES
TO ENJOIN THE SCALPERS
From San Francisco — F. Jaynes and
wife, at the Holland; Mis3 Lapl, at
the Hotel Elliott; Mrs. I. S. Leads, at
the Holland; G. F. Lyon, at the Ho
tel Imperial; F. Slate, at the Park Av
enue Hotel; A. It. von Gomm, at the
Navarre; E. Adams, at the West
minster; R. C. Ayres, at the Hotel Vic
toria; J. B. Gier, at the New Amster
dam; A. R. Goram, at the Grand
Union: S. C. Greenberg and wife, at
the Wellington; R. C. Kirk, at the
Plaza Hotel, and P. J. Mayer, at the
Grand Union.,..:'
NEW YORK. Aug. 1". — The follow
ing Californians are registered in New
York:
Callfornlana in New York.
MUKDEN, Aug. 17.— The Japanese
have occupied Tsian Hill, on the Rus
sian extreme left. A small force of
Japanese Infantry occupied Dapindu
Pass on Auarust 15. The Russian out
posts retired.
Japan's Advance Upon Mnkden.
Amadee Joullin, the California artist,
has returned from Paris, where he re
cently scored new triumphs. His In
dian study, "The Death Watch," was
one of the successes of the year. He is
about to begin work on two more pic
tures, another Indian study and a Cali
fornia landscape.
PERSONAL.
Urlnh B. Curtis of Tonopah is at the
Palace.
C. Moltzen, a rancher of Point Reyes,
Is at the Grand.
Dr. Simmons of Sacramento Is a
guest at the California.
Peter Musto, a wine-grower of San
Joaquin County, is at the California.
Dr. T. B. Blodgett of Fresno arrived
In this city yesterday and Is stopping
at the Grand.
Mrs. Julius Kruttschnitt and her chil
dren have returned to this city and
are at the St. Francis.
F. A. Hihn, a banker and capitalist
of Santa Cruz, was one of yesterday's
arrivals at the Palace.
J. Crocker, one of the leading mer
chants of San Luis Obispo, is in this
city. He is staying at the California,
R. B. Burns and J. R. Andrews, San
ta Fe officials, arrived from Los An
geles last night and are at the Palace.
E. R. Cooper of Denver is among the
guests at the St. Francis. Mr. Cooper
is a hotel man and will soon
leave for Los Angeles with a view to
securing the lease of the new Hotel
Lankershim there. - . .
PETERSBURG, Aug. 17. — The
announcement that the Mikado's offer
to allow non-combatants to leave
Port Arthur Is coupled with the de
mand for the surrender of the garri
son causes a revulsion of feeling here.
The original report that non-combat
ants would be permitted to depart be
fore the stormingr operations began
was regarded as a humane and con
siderate act.
The "War Office is without official-in
formation of the summons served
upon General Stoessel, but not the
slightest idea exists in military cir
cles that he will yield so long as food
and ammunition hold out without a
mand for Surrender.
Russians Anticipate His Reply to De-
HAVE FAITH IN STOESSEL.
JAPAN'S UI-/TI3IATUM TO CHINA.
Will Invade Shanghai Harbor Unless
Russians Are Forced to Leave.
LONDON, Aug. 17.— Japan has made
a demand on China, practically .in the
nature of an ultimatum, that she im
mediately enforce her neutrality in the
case of the protected cruiser Askold
and the torpedo-boat destroyer Grozo
vol. now at Shanghai. Japan pointed
out that the time limit, twenty-four
hours, permitted by International law,
had expired and that Japan, therefore,
was at liberty to take such action as
might seem to her expedient.
At the Japanese legation here it was
expected that the Tokio Government
had no intention of remaining quies
cent if Russia attempted to compel
China to give asylum to her men of
war, and authorize repairs at her ports
which would enable' them to resume
belligerent operations. Should Ohina
fail to comply immediately with Ja
pan's demand the divisicm of Japanese
warships now in the vicinity of Shang
hai, the legation declares, will be in
structed to enter the port and capture
the Askold and Grozovol, as was done
In the case of the Ryeshitelni. Japan
has made no secret of her intention,
but has not consulted the powers, be
lieving that the question is one which
concerns herself albne, as Japan is pre
pared, the legation further asserts, to
recognize Chinese neutrality only so
long as it is respected by Russia,
With regard to the Ryeshitelni, Ja
pan. It is asserted, is determined not to
comply with the Chinese demand sub
mitted in compliance with the Russian
note, that the vessel be returned to
Chefu. Japan insists that to all intents
and purposes Chefu has been a Russian
base during the war. Chinese Junks
having been fitted out there and sent
through the Japanese blockading ves
sels to Port Arthur.
LINES ARE DRAWING CLOSER.
Besiegers of Port Arthur Advance
Their Ftehtins Front.
CHEFU, Aug. 17. — According to news
received here to-day the Japanese line
has been drawn still closer around be-'
leagured Port Arthur. The right wing
of the Japanese line has penetrated to
the vicinity of Pigeon Bay, while the
renter has moved forward from Pa
lingching, which is south of Shushi
yon and two miles north of the town.
Chinese are the authority for the fore
going outline of the new Japanese posi
tions. -;:.' .'...'.:'.
Passengers on board the steamship
Decima, which anchored off Port Ar
thur last night, witnessed a bombard
ment from Pigeon Bay. The Japanese
shells were visible during their whole
course. They circled comet-like to the
town and their explosions were marked
by great splashes of 1 f.re which shot up
into the sky. The bombardment from
this and other points began at mid
night and lasted until morning. The
Russians did not reply to the Japanese
fire.
Major Seaman, formerly a surgeon
in the American army, was a passenger
on the Decima. He says the spectacle
was brilliant and awe-inspiring.
The Decima weighed anchor from
Port Arthur at 6 o'clock this morning.
At some distance out she saw five Jap
anese warships guarding the harbor.
Cruiser Askold to Bo Disarmed.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 17. — Rus
sia has agreed to the disarmament of
the Russian cruiser Askold, now at
Shanghai.
Civilians Leave Port Arthur.
MUKDEN. Aug. 17. — Ninety-two
civilians vrtth their families have ar
rived here from Port Arthur. The
spirit of the garrison is wonderful.
Civilians are Joining in the ranks
with the soldiers.
•IGNORES ENGLAND'S ADVICE.
'•In pan Shapes Her Own Policy In the
Ryeshitelni Affair.
*ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 17.—Infor
mation received in St. Petersburg fore
shadows that Japan will decline to re
store the Ryeshitelni or make any rep
aration, and that, on the contrary, she
will contend that Russia in sending the
destroyer to Chefu on an, important
rwilitary mission herself became respon
sible for the violation of China's neu
trality, which Japan at the opening of
i!;e war promised to respect to the ex
w-nt to which Russia did.
Nevertheless it is understood that
Great Britain, as the ally of Japan, has
advised her to apologtee. It is believed
4 hat 'Japan realizes that this course
will please the western power, but that
ebe will not follow It, because it would
jriean a loss of prestige in China, where
concession has always been translated
t* mean weakness.
The report that Japan has sent an
ultimatum to China, threatening to re
peat the Ryeshitelni . inpident In the
case of the cruiser Askold and the tor-
HOWARD CONVICTED OX
A CHARGE OF ROBBERY
{Xls Attorney Raises Important Points,
Which Will Be Argued on Motion
• ' for \ew Trial.
Harry Howard was tried before a
Jury in Judge Cook's court yesterday
. on * a charge of robbery. The Jury
.was out about three minutes and re-
c turned a verdict of gruilty. The case
1 was submitted without argument, as
Howard's attorney, Hoff Cook, took
the ground that the objections made by
him would Invalidate the proceedings.
Argument on these objections will be
made on September 2, when Howard
¦will appear for sentence and a motion
for a new trial will be made.
The principal objection is that the
deposition of "William Little, the com
.plaining witness, taken at the prelim
inary bearing in Police Judge Mogan's
court, could not be read. Little has
'since died and the record did not show
tkat any reporter had been appointed
lr*.-tr»e lower court to take the testi
mony. Another objection was that the
• recQrd did not show that Howard was
o Informed as to his rights.
" On tfae night of December 6 Howard
entered Little's saloon at 760 Howard
street. • He had a revolver in his hand
and drdered Little and some customers
to> throw up their hands. He took
$20 76 from Little and ran out of the
F.i'.oon. He was seen by Policemen
C. S. Ekelly and T. CMurphy and they
gave chase. Howard pointed his re
volver at Skelly and Skelly fired, the
bullet striking George King, a boy.
toward then surrendered himself.
Daughters Contest WilL
o «A. contest of the will of Rosalia
Fischer, tvho died July 21. developed
in Judge Coney's court yesterday
when the petition for its admission to
probate was called for hearing. The
petition was filed by the executors,
Jacob and Samuel Fischer, sons of the
deceased and principal beneficiaries.
Opposition was made by their two
F : ners. Mrs. Augusta Samtor and Mrs.
Hannah Samter, whose attorney is
Famuel SI. Samter. Mrs. Fischer in
the will of September 22. 1S02. left
JjOOO to each of her daughters and
th<» remainder of her $20,000 estate
*to the sons. R. T. Brodek. one of the
witnesses of the will, gave evidence
thereto, nnd Samuel Fischer said that
°the probable value of the estate was
$20,000. He admitted that the mother
hr-ld Jacob Fischer's note for an
amount which he was unable to state.
Judge Coffey declined to hear any evi
dence In opposition until the contest
ants hud filed a formal contest. This
Mr. -gamier said will be done at once
pnd the sMers v.i!l 'charge undue In
fluence of the brothers and will prob
or»ly contend that there was a later
will. They will also attempt to prove
tUat the present will was prepared by
the brothers for their own benefit.
On an outing or a trip to the ExposJ
lion. don't forget to take along a Kodak.
f*ee our Develop! n % Department and com
plete line of Artists' Materials. Cameras.
I-IoriaJcs and Photo Supplies. Sanborn.
Vail &. Co.. 741 Market st. •
NAGASAKI, Aug. 17.— The malls
from the North German Lloyd
steamship Prinz Helnrich. which ' the
Russians detained July 15 in the Red
Sea, have been examined here in the
presence of the British, German and
French Consuls, who found many reg
istered and other letters missing. A
strong protest Is being prepared by
the Consuls.
Russians Hold Liner's Mafl.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 17. — The
Portland and Asiatic Steamship Com
pany has engaged the steamship Az
tec to carry flour from this city to
Japan. General Manager Schwerin to
day received word from San Francisco
that an arrangement to that effect had
been made. The Aztec will be here
on August 25 to begin loading. The
Aztec belongs to the Pacific Mall
company and Is an iron vessel.
Steamship Aztec . WUI Take the
Chances of War ivitn Contraband.
CARGO OF FLOUR FOR JAPAN.
TOKIO, Aug. 17.— The captain and all
the. superior officers of the Russian
cruiser Rurik, which was sunk by Vice
Admiral Kamimura August 14, were
lost. Twenty-three of her officers were
saved.
Six hundred and one of the crew of
the Rurik have been landed Sasebo.
One man died there and 177 of the sur
vivors are wounded, many of them
seriously and a number mortally.
' A supplementary report of Admiral
Togo's casualties on August 10 in
creases the total killed and wounded
to 225.
Commander of the Vladivostok Cruis
er Is Among the Dead.
RURTK'S OFFICERS PERISH.
"We got the range . exactly," says
Commander Ogura, "and almost all
our shells told, while those of the ene
my fell around us and shells fell thick
and fast until the sea was fairly boil
ing. Vice Admiral Togo remained on
the bridge of the Mikasa throughout
the battle." Wi'"
Commander Ogura's account agrees
remarkably with the story told by an
officer of the Russian battleship Cesar
evltch, sent by the Daily Telegraph's
correspondent at Tsingchou, which is
to the effect that the Mikasa opened
the fighting, but that the Russians be
gan the second attack at 2 o'clock.
The officer says that three 12-lnch
shells struck the Cesarevitch within
fifteen minutes, doing terrible damage
and causing, the vessel to tremble and
to travel rapidly in circles for ten min
utes until temporary repairs had been
executed. The first shell killed Rear
Admiral Wlthoeft and several other of
ficers; the second struck the conning
tower and killed everybody In its vi
cinity, while the third burst against
the foremast During the night the
Japanese torpedo boats * attacked the
Cesarevitch no fewer than five times.
"We saw the torpedoes fired," said
the officer. "They passed' very close
to us, but none struck us. All our
ships received serious damage and a
great fire broke out on the battleship
Peresviet. The engines and guns work
ed splendidly and there was no leak
age. The Krupp nine-inch armor pla.te
resisted the projectiles excellently and
the 12-lnch shells recoiled from it. Our
sailors cheerfully faced the storm of
red-hot iron."
The correspondent says that the Ce
sarevitch presented a ghastly spectacle
of wreckage, but that her guns ap
parently suffered no damage.
LONDON, Aug. 18.— Special dis
patches fro A the seat of war. printed
in this morning's London newspapers,
contain accounts from both Russian
and Japanese officers of the naval bat
tle of August 10.
According to the story of Commander
Ogura of the Japanese battleship Mi
kasa, who arrived with the wounded at
Sasebo, as given in the Dally Mall's
Kobe correspondence, the Japanese
flagship at .noon, when thirty miles
from Port Arthur, signaled "engage,"
at which there were loud cries of "Ban
zai." :M',i "V-
AJACCIO, Corsica, Aug. 17. — The
British steamship Scotian, coal laden
from Tyne, arrived here to-day and
reported that she was stopped on
August 12 by two blank shots, fol
lowed by a shea, from the Russian
cruiser Ural, formerly the German
steamship Kaiserin Maria Theresa.
After an examination of the Scotia's
papers she was allowed to proceed.
A Russian officer said that the Ural
was searching for more than 200
steamships carrying contraband for
trans-shipment In Spanish and Ital
ian ports.
a Russian Cruiser.
British Vessel Brought to a Stop by
BLANK SHOTS AND A SHELL
It is pointed out, however, that the
Ability of the American navy to secure
puch privileges during the Spanish war
by no means constitutes a positive as
sertion of the right of neutral nations
te accord them.
It is understood here" that England
will follow the course of the United
Ftatcs In holding aloof from these ques
tions now in dispute.
The Japanese are understood to ob
ject to being deprived of their lawful
property by the dismantlement of Rus
sian "ships in Chinese harbors, and also
• in "tlje German harbor at Tsingchou;
tut fh the Spanish war the British Gov
ernment held an American torpedo
boat, the Sonmers, In asylum through
out the war.
The United States, if asked by Japan,
would have advised the return to Chefu
of the Ryeshitelni. The Japanese Gov
ernment was considered to be In the
wrong in entering the neutral port.
• Despite this, how.ever. It is learned at
the State Department that no action
will be taken by the United States Gov
ernment. It does not feel called upon
to pess Judgment upon the three-cor
cered Question of a violation of neu
trality between Japan, Russia and Chi
na. It is realized that there are enough
precedents en all sides of the case to
afford an argument for each party.
The United States hitherto has recog
nized the right of belligerent ships to
seek refuge for less than twenty-four
hours in a neutral port, or If damaged
tor" remain there until repair* are com
pleted. As late as the Spanish war the
American scouts and gunboats made
frequent use of neutral ports In the
West Indies, notably Danish and Brit
ish ports, to communicate by cable
.vital the home povernment and ¦with
"sections of the American fleet, yet there
was no charge that neutrality had been
violated.
The Japanese are understood to pro
test against the making of repairs to
Russian ships in Chinese harbors, yet
In the Spanish war the United States
f hip St. Paul spent nearly a week in a
French West Indian port repairing, and
r.o claim of violation of neutrality fol
lowed.
. CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— Japan's de
termination not to return to China the
Russian destroyer Ryeshitelni, captured
in the neutral i>ort of Chefu. is con
trary to what had been hoped here.
Japan's declaration that the Russian
worships now being permitted to repair
at Shanghai will be attacked within
lhat nautral harbor unless ordered out
at once is regarded as surely making
for further complications.
China's reply Is considered unsatis
factory by Russia, the main question —
What has China done to secure the
restoration of the Ryeshitelni?— remain-
Ing unanswered. Russia also demanded
the punishment of Admiral Sah.
pedo-boat destroyer v Grozovol at
Shanghai, especially after it was un
derstood that Russia had already
agreed to the disarmament of these
vessels, is regarded here more as a po
litical than a military move, the pur
pose of which is to overawe the Peking
Government and to compel it hence
forth to turn a deaf ear to Russia and
to recognize Japan as the dominant
power In the Far East, it being incon
ceivable that a Western power would
permit Japan to carry out her threat to
engage In hostilities in the neutral wa
ters of China.
China has applied to Russia's repre
sentations regarding the Ryeshitelni,
but her reply Is couched in general
terms, professing friendship and the
desire to preserve the strictest neutral
ity. It expresses disapproval of Ad
miral Sah's inability to protect the
Ryeshitelni, and represents that he took
all the precautions possible, but could
not prevent the night attack. The re
ply also says that one of the Japanese
destroyers was overhauled as she was
leaving the harbor and that a protest
was lodged against her action, in view
of which the Japanese captain prom
ised to return the Russian boat, but
did not do so. The reply does not say
the Ryeshltelni's restitution was de
manded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Russian Ships Badly Bat
tered in the Shantung
Battle.
fight, even to protect defenseless wom
en and other non-combatants from the
horrors of bombardment.
The views are practically those em
bodied In the King's speech at the pro
roguing of Parliament. The communi
cation takes exception to the Russian
doctrine that foodstuffs are contraband,
takes a position against the right of
Russia to sink neutral merchantmen
and demands compensation In the case
of the Knight Commander. With re
gard to foodstuffs consigned to an en
emy's ports, the communication main
tains that proof that they are intended
for a belligerent military or naval force
is necessary in order that they be con
sidered contraband. It illustrates In
this contention the case of the flour on
board the Arabia, which was consigned
to a British firm at Yokohama and
which was declared contraband by the
Vladivostok prize court. Great Britain
contends that the Russian doctrine is
equivalent to a declaration that all
foodstuffs consigned to an enemy's
port are unconditionally contraband.
The British note argues the question at
length against the right to sink neutral
ships, as being contrary to internation
al law and usage.
The communications of both govern
ments are couched In friendly terms.
They make the position of the United
States and Great Britain quite clear
and emphatic.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 17. — The
American and British representations
relative to foodstuffs have been re
ceived without resentment by the Rus
sian authorities and they are being
considered with the probability that
some modification will be made In the
direction of meeting the views of the
two governments.
The American case was presented
through Embassador McCormlck and
follows the lines of the American decla
ration at the time of the Spanish war.
It is in the form of a protest against
the confiscation of flour on board the
Arabia. The general American conten
tion regarding coal, naphtha, etc., as
set forth in Secretary Hay's note of
June 10 is also placed before the Rus
sian Government.
Great Britain followed by raising not
only the .question of foodstuffs as con
traband, but the legality of sinking
neutral ships. This communication was
presented through Embassador Har
dinge.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 17.— Tha
United States and Great Britain have
formally raised the question of food
stuffs as contraband of war except
when directly proved that they are des
tined for belligerents' armies or navies.
While acting on parallel lines, the
United States and Great Britain are
proceeding independently.
Deadly Marksmanship of
the Japanese Naval
Gunners.
Tokio Refuses to Restore the Destroyer Ryeshitelni,
Seized at Chefu, and Threatens to Attack the Dis
mantled Russian Warships at Shanghai.
Protest of the United States and Great Britain Against
Russian Regulations Pertaining to Contraband of
War May Result in Their Modification.
JAPAN'S NOTE TO CHINA ALARMS POWERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST IS, 1904.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTlSIiZHEXTS.
IT IS THE BEST.
¦¦•- ¦¦i.\: ¦ •'-¦ ¦ .
you take Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters for any derange-
ment of the Stomach, Liver or
Kidneys you take the very best
remedy that science has been able
to produce. For over 50 years it
has been the leader in curing
sickly men and women of Heart-
burn, Bloating, Poor Appetite,
Coated Tongue, Insomnia, Indi-
gestion, Dyspepsia, Costiveness
and Malaria, Fever and Ague.
We hope you'll try a bottle at
once.
;. < HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
4 f"v Pcrfcct Fitting (/|Y !
Y Eyeglasses cM
J At Moderate Cost f\ !
CARTFRSl SICK BEADACns -
ICTittle Genuine Must Bear
gIVER Fac-Similo Signature
i PILLS. Js*-r~ J\
• ¦ ¦- 1
Isssj^ssssay— ¦ ¦" V ,¦— — i . ¦ ¦ i-> ,
TXR.. C. O. O'IDOITITEIIjIjS', I
MnEhAL nffllNCb AT GLEX ELLBX.1
th* best camping, picnic aod pleasur* r»- !
scrt on the coast. The greatest remedy for i
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints. '
rheumatism and catarrh In th* world; 49
miles fiom 8. F. The 8. P. R. R. and 8. T. ¦•
& K. P. It, n. give special rates to campers;
30 cottagei and tents- furnished; rent cheap; '
no fogs ¦ nor poison - oalc at th* park: mineral
water, boats." bathing, and flshins free. Meala '
lerved at -Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR.. C. C. O'DO.VNELL. olfic* :
1C21U. Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. Saa
Franclnco. " * .
H9WELL :-HT-i WOODWORK'S ?&,£
No fog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tonic and : Invisorator. Residence . 29 years. $7
per - week. . Woodworth & Muller. fit. Helena. CaL
KOBTB SEOBE HOTEXr-On Tomales
Bay. Good table and accommodations Hout*
gks lighted. "Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
EH1ELDS. llarshalls. Marln County. (M. .
SCHAErEE'3 OEOVE-BO83 TAUST.'
- . Private i boarding; = terms - reasooabl*. - Xua
meets Sunday ¦ morning trains. Address 'lltu.
MATT UNDSAT. Rosa Station.
North Shore R.R. ; . health, rest, comfort, pleas-
ure: boatlnp, bathing: fresh milk, ' eggs,' fruit;
$7 to $10 wk. J. F. ORR, Duncan* Mills. Cal. .
! BARTLETT I
! SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to cur*
ell th* Ills that humanity is heir to. bat
thousands of people have been benefited
by th* us* of Bartlett 'Water and many
cured.
; " If you would Improve your health and :
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
* Springs, where there Is a resident pby*
, slclan. a manager of amusements and com.
'¦ petent masseurs-.
Housekeeping cottage*. $3 CO to $8 00 per
week.
' Eend for a booklet that will tell you an I
about Bartlett.
Write J. H. McMAHAX. Bartlett
Springs. CaL. or call at 2 Sutter St.. Saa
Francisco.
I *"* "^^^— —^¦^—^J
Don't worry about the
youngsters this summer. '
Pack up and go to
AETNA SPRINGS
There they can romp all
day and sunset will find
them ready for bed. Just
send for booklet. Aetna
Springs Co., Napa Co.,
CaL
Hotel EL OARMELO
Pacific GrOTe. California. "The Little. Dei
Monte." At th« seaside with home comforts
The Dlace to spend your, vacation with your
laniily. Surf bathing and fishing. Kates
I with board $2 5O a day upward, cheaper than
rtaying home. Send for illustrated pamphlet
Address OEO. II. COHDT. llana«(r.
SEIGLER X
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. ¦ Posi-
tive cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
¦waters for liver, kidney and all stomach trou-
bles. Swimming pond, orchestra. Fare $9 re-
turn trip. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic beauty baths. Rates $10 to $12
p*r w»ck. Baths and amusements free. H. H.
McGOVTAN. prop.. Selcler. Lak,e Co.. CaL
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck. Eliktrna County. California.
Writ* to EDSON BROS, for Booklet
LA HONDA AND PBSCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; »
a. m. train. 3d and Townsend. and 9:2O a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stag** direct
Address WALTBK KNIGHT. Redwood City!
CaL
IIAa __ IA^ Menlo Park, one hour trom
UrllTT" V clty - Nlna trains dally. P<rr-
Ml I A fect climate; be«uilful placet
llwi I I W comfort aifl Quiet; excellent
table.
Address W.J.MKI'.KDITH. Mrr.. Holtt's School.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT 6PRIKO3
STAGK LINE— Honland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and .Bartlett Spring*. ! Stages connect wtta
trains at Honland. Leav> Mopiand at 12:30;
-arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett
Eprlngs at 7:30. New A- horse 14-paaaeager
tourist wagons, with all the most modern, im-
provements. Pasaenrers for Lakeport or Bart*
I*tt Bprloss. rail for tickets by Bartlett 8Pr>agi
Stag* Line. Tickets tan be purchased at of dee
of California N. W. Ry, MO Market at. oe
at Tiburcn ferry.
¦ MILLHU* ft HOWARD. Prop*.
OWH In mottntaina ¦ CAMP
! StraraXEIC HOME oX Sonoma CcMIEXEB
I'urfc water, euuafcie climate, lot* selllnx 4lu
up: coltares built by Meeker. $50 uy;;d«pot;
ttor»»; restaurant: hotel: post and exprert:
telephone; sawmill: S00 lots sold: 300 cottages
¦ butlt. Sausallto ferry. N. S. K. R.' il. C
MKEKKR. Caroo Maeker. Sonoma County.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM
Net a hospital; best equipped on Coast; moj.
em lmprox-ments; larj;? treatment rooms;
Ideal location: t>Vi acres; one block from itnet
cars; write for literature. : San Jose. CaL
"' ' """ "'" "' '" ""¦' j
TEE TAiLAC. LAKE TAHOE. " * T^
. BOTH PLANS — AMERICAN and EURO-
PEAN'. Rates: AMERICAN— $3 per day and
upward. $17 SO per week and upward. ' EURO-
, PEAN — Rcoms. SI per day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations. Uvery and boat*
Ing superior to any resort, on the lake.
CAXX7OKXUA SEDWOOD rAEX (Blj
Ba»m> — Union Mill : Camp and Tavern: 8 miles
1 1 cm Boulder Creek It. K. » tat Ion. Daily stage.
Family- table. Furnished .cabins; camping
grounds: $8 and $10 per week. Unuer th* giant
redwoods; perfect climate; grand scenery.
••8EPI" GRAHAMER. Boulder Creek. Cat
I Spend Your Vacation
'or $2O?;
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs -"ar*
The most Meal man tor staasan isi
evatth oa th* Paelfle Ccsit. Boy round
trip tlcktt « from Saa Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. Saa Lola
Oblspa CaL. and return, including stag*
to aad front springs and oa» w*»k*s
board for 92O.OO to f22.0O. according
to location of rooms, or board end accom-
modations 99.0O to 91XOO per week.
pcenlo iurroundlnrs. tra* bathing.
beating and flihtnc on grounds. Fia*
vbady walks, tennis and eroqutt grounds.
«anc* parlllcn for raoata.- Ftn« aaa
teach on* mil* from Hot Sulphur Sorters.
Cottages and furniture ars> all n«w. O«»
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied wlta th* bsst th*
market aCoraa, Our stag* metts trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:13 p. a.
ei cry day (except Sunday). fj
This Is no noapltal or sanatorium,*^
WHY NOT SPEND YOUP
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to •"!••
most otcturesqu* portion of California. O»«
equipped star* l!n« In th* State. l«a*rs Cat!*.
toga dally tguadays exceptrd) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Sctgler. Adams. Howard. An-
derson. Hobergs. Spiers, Astorg* aAd C:ea-
brook; talf hour for lunch at Callstoa-a; a!*o (a
Middletowa, Lower Lake. Kelseyvlil* «al
Lakeport. Lmry la conaectloo.
« WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
CAMP CURRY ;
Get circular* at an railroad off.-n. «
Adrertlsed by 4000 guesta, '• «
YOSEMITE
;-, , , . - - T - - . , - . :
MASK WIST SPBXXGS.
H. KOENER. Prop. UR& J. D. DROST
and MRS. H. KOENER will manage spr!nx;a:
many Improvements: new cement bathhouM.
and gas all over place: 12 day; $10 and *ia
week. Office. 833 Larkln at., cor. Oeary. or
Mark Wut Eprlnss. Fanta Rosa. Rural No. a.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Crux Mounuias;
cottage* and tents for light housekeeping of
camping. A. J. GIBBS. MgT.. Glbba. Cal
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Trucke* wlta train leartn* S. T m
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Truck**
with trala reaching S. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE BROCKWAY HOTEL,
'. LAKE TAHOE.
Beside th* usual attractions of a Lake Tah»*
resort w» , have th* only hot springs, th* most
sheltered shcre and best tanlnc. FRANK B.
ALVERSON. Maaaxar.
STTBICOZr PABX— A delightful resort
on shores ot La** Tahoe. Best sandy boaca
for • bathing . on the lake. Fin* fly fishing aad
hunting In season. Boats, fishing tackl* aad
hone* at ' moderate hire. Rates 12 a day or
from $V> to $16 per week. P. X>. and telephone*
A. L. FROST. Rublcoa Park. Lak* Taao*. CaL
TICCD D1DV I Wand cotuges: 6 Biles frora
UCLA I All A lilnLako Tahoe; opaa Jun* 1;
elevation K07 feet; mineral springs. Booalat
Travelers* Office. SO Montgomery st.
' -r j. b. . SCOTT. Peer Par*. Cal. .
CAlCPBSKXi EOT S7BIVOS.
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra Cboaty.
tuOO f**t elavatlun. Are beautifully located
at tb« bead of.. th*- great 81«nra Valley, to
miles long by S miles .»ld». surrounding whica
Is the great primeval forest of pin* and fir.* a
specialty is mad* <ff the table. Th* hot spring*
ar* uoequaled for th* ' cur* of rh«um*tl»tn.
gout.- liver and kidney complaint* and all blood
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. .Round trip from daa
Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 "A , Stag*
dally *xc*pt Sunday, connecting wlt» « §> Ob
u»a trom B*b FnadKa
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
Sherwood d: Sherwood, Agents
m m b e$ mo MS* *»sP asWsf y^y^ffiyj^BB^f<sflB >^\_ < j^^^E8P^«»ssjisss*iw.
JbpBb BH fits KB MB B B ¦
212-214 Market St. San Francisco
jK3ilt., - '¦ ; ¦ '^^y-pyyT?
San Francisco, Thursday, 18 August. 1904.
Inexpensive comfort
Cobbler rocker, $2.45
You could pay twice this amount for a rocker
and not get a more comfortable one. Made of oak
wood, finished golden, with embossed cobbler seat.
The spindles in back are neatly turned and the top
is ornamented with carving. Order one to-day —
we'll deliver it to-morrow.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union SquareAMERICAN LEAGUE.
Shuts Ont Boston, Hitting Ohe Bats
man and Passing Another, the
Only Men to Reach First.
STANDING OF THE? CLUBS.
(National Leasue.) . (American League )
S W. L. Pet. . W L Pet.
New York... 71 29 .710 New York... 69 39 .602
Chicago ....62 89 .614 Chicago ....62 41 602
Plttsbur* ...69 40 .696 Boston ... 60 41 694
S™!^ 1 "«¦& '111 S x "«<elP»>ta.".Ba 40 '.583
8t. Louw....5J 60 .515 Cleveland ...54 42 .662
Boston ......40 65 .381 Detroit ..... 41 67 418
Brooklyn ...37 66 .359 St. Louie. .88 66 404
Philadelphia. .27 75 .266 Wa«hin|rton "a 76 !224
TANNEHILiI/S PITCHING
BORDERS ON MARVELOUS
perfect fielding. Attendance 2S00. Score:
St. Louis 3 ' "' E o
New York 1 lo o
Batteries— Glade- and Kahoe, Powell and
ICletnow. . , .
DETROIT. Aug. 17. — Detroit's last home
game was called because of darkness after
twelve Innings. The fielding in the last in
nings waa ; sensational ; and hits were rare
Attendance 2000. Score:
Philadelphia 8 • 12* 2
Detroit 3 8 0
Batteries— Plank and Powers, Mullin and
Beville.
) NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON, Aug. 17.— Boston won the first
game and Chicago the second. Tinker's ab
sence was disastrous- to the- visitors In the
first ram«. Attendance 4000. Score:
First game — R. H. B.
Boston 6 9 l
Chicago .......................... 3 11 4
Batteries — Plttlnger and Moran, Browne
and O'Neill. Umpires — Moran and Carpenter.
Second game — . R. H. E.
Chicago :. 6 9 2
Boston .:'.......".. ........ 4 7 2
Batteries — Weimer and O'Neill ; Fisher, Mo
ran and McAuliffe. Umpires — Moran and
Carpenter. . -
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 17.— It looked like
a victory for the locals to-day until the ninth,
when St. Louis hit Sparks eafely five times,
scoring six runs and - winning the game. At
tendance 1150. ' Score: i
¦¦•-..¦¦¦•.¦¦¦¦• R. H. B.
St. Louis 9 13 .4
Philadelphia 7 12 2
Batteries — Taylor, McFarland and Grady;
Sparks and Dooln. Umpire — Enualie. ;
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— New York bunched
hits In three < Innings to-day and defeated
Pittsburg. Wagner -was put out of the game
for disputing with the umpire. | Catcher Mar
shall of New York • has been released to • Bos
ton. ' Attendance 640O. Score : ,
R. H. E.
Pittsburg .............;... 6 13 2
New York ....................... 9 11 • 8
Batteries— Case ' and Carlsch; . Mathewson.
Warner • and Bowerman.' Umpire — Johnstone.
BROOKLYN.* Aug. 17.— Cincinnati defeated
Brooklyn mainly, through erratic HeldinjE on
the oart ' of the home team in the seventh.
Attendance 2500. r Score:
¦Bv.H. E.
Cincinnati 9 9 5
Brooklyn. ... ...\ ................ ..3 6 6
Batteries— Walker and ; Schlel: Jones, Gar
yln and Bensen.' Umpire— Zlmmer.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Thomas Entry, Armenia,
Ort Wells. "'\-^-
Second race — Fulminate, Black
Death, Royelle,
Third' race— Jack Lory, Chrysitis,
McChord.
Fourth race — Major Dalnserfleld,
Shoithose, Africander.
Fifth race— Jane Holly, Oly II, Vir-
Cin Soil.
Sixth race — Bedouin, Gelencho, Red
Reynard.
Condition of the track — Fast.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
GUTHRIE, Okla., Aug. 17.— The farm house
of B. A. Dowllng, near Perth, wu struck
by lightning and burned early to-day. ¦ Four
members of the family were burned to death
in the house.
There will be a class stake of six
teen entries and a non-winners' stake
with 112 entries. Included in the lat
ter are forty Futurity candidates.
Judge P. J. Reilly will be in the sad
dle both days. The draw last night
resulted as follows: .
Non-winners' stake. Entries — Fetterless vs
Stingarfce, Blaze vs. Don Pedro, Tom Hurllck
\e. Vandal, Eastlake vs. Emln Bey, Tralee
Lass vs. The Delta, False Alarm vs. Texas
Jim, Confident vs. • Duhallow, Honlton vs.
Texas Hoo Hoo, Paul Dunbar.vs. Adonis, Idle
ness vs. Cosette. Intruder vs. Aurella, R W vs
Blue DJllon, Margaret vb. Ml Amigo, Colored
Lady vs. Texas Betty, J R vs. Bonnie Pasha
Sylvester vs. Rich Argosy Sky Van vs. Good
as Gold, Flaunt vs. John Heenan, Belle Marie
vs. Panoche. Happy Lad vs. Yellow Tail Ore
gon vs. Lampre Eel, Pomona vs. General De
wet, Golden Light vs. Walt for Me First
Shot vs. Crawford Belle, Jack Doe vs Hud
son, The Duke vs. Slroc, Sir Llpton vs. Sun
nybrook, Pagliaccl vs. Sofala, Apple Blossom
vs. Spring Heels. Rural Artlet vs. Rose of
Gold, Pete vs. Humboldt," Amandan vs; Iceilus
Spanish Lad vs. Piker. Clydette vs. Golden
Fortune, Pacific vs. Belfast. Aeolus vs. Wat
tlee. Sampler vs. Tralee Maid, Amorina vs
Texas Black Lips, Young Tommy R vs. Glit
ter. Peter Mclntyre vs. Dear Gaston, Rocker
Arm vs. Camber, Frisco Lad vs. Wild Nora,
Jimmy Anthony vs. Donnybrook, Liberator v».
Ruby Sankey, Raby Aurora vs. Shadow, Ra
mona vs. Racing Auto, Cubanola va. Secretive
Fearless Lad \*. War Cry, La Rosa vs. For
tunate Dawn, Old Ironsides vs. The Coroner.
Advance Guard va. Gallet. Little Klamath vs.
Mickey Free, Orslna ve. Remlsso Anlmo. Ly
dla vs. D * R, Flower . Girl vs. Silver Cloud,
Rapid Water vs. Beluga.
Class stake— Full Moon vs. Haphazard, Fair
Tralee vs. McVey, Richard Anton vs. ¦¦ Gold
Chain. Rector vs. Palo .Alto, Frisky Barbara
vs. The Referee. Tillie R> vs. Barge, Silver
Heels vs.' Renegade Apache, Charter Member
vs. Sea Lion. ! §&Si£$££:*?£
. One hundred and twenty-eight grey
hounds are entered thte week at
Union Coursing Park. The manage
ment has decided to resume Its two
day meetings. The Saturday running
wllj^commence upon the arrival of the
special coursing train, which will leave
Third and Townsend streets at 12
o'clock.
WILL COURSE TWO DAYS
ON UNION PARK FIELD
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race^ — Comrade, Robin Hood,
Fly Lady.
Second race— Port Royal, Celebra
tion, Major Mansir. •
Third race— Ananias, Huzzah, Greg
orK.
Fourth race — Moorish Damsel, Al
len Avon, Lndy Ellison.
Fifth race— Alma Dufour, Fleiiron,
Frivol.
Sixth race — Flaxman, Ram's Horn,
Michael Byrne.
Seventh race— Oceaner, Useful
Lady, Matador. %
Condition of the track— Fast.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
PORTLAND, Aug. 17. — Six hits off
Baum In the sixth, coupled with some
ragged playing, netted the locals five
runs, offsetting the lead of five runs
which Los Angeles held until the
Browns landed on Baum so effective
ly. Gray relieved Baum, but could do
nothing with the Browns. In the first
inning a series of errors on the part
of Portland's Infield gave the Angels
four runs and they got another man
over the plate In the third. Their run
getting ceased in the third, but it was
mainly due to the wonderful work of
Steelman that four other men did not
cross the plate at various stages of
the game. The Portland catcher waa
invincible behind the bat, catching
four men at the plate and retiring
three batters on caught fouls. The
score:
>¦¦'. R. H. E.
Los Angeles 4 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0— S 3 4
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 5 3 0 x— 8 IS 5
Batteries — Baum. Gray and Spies; Hastings
and Steelman. Uhpire* — McCarthy and Mc-
Donald. Attendance — 1000
Browns Land on Baum and Pull Game
Out of Fire.
ANGELS' BIG LEAD CUT DOWN,
First race — Crescerton^ Nellie
Bawn, Carley's Dream.
Second race-^Colonel Preston, Tim
Hurst, The Mlssourian.
, Third race — Harding, Top Soil, Am
orous.
Fourth race^ — Old Stone, Commo
dore, Ice Water.
Fifth ract; — Buccaneer, Fenian,
Hubbard. r!-"\
Sixth race — Avoid, Imstis, Jake
Greenburjj.
Condition of the track — Fast.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
SEATTLE, Aug. 17. — Luck was
with Seattle in the eighth inning and
what looked like a sure victory for
Oakland was turned into a sensational
victory for the Siwashes. Oakland
took kindly to Pitcher Charley Hall
In the first part of the gume and then
again Charlie could not find the plate
on five occasions. A bad fumble of
an easy grounder was also charged
against him,
Oakland had five runs to Seattle's
one in the last of the eighth. When
it was over Seattle had seven and
Oakland still had five. In the eighth
Heattle sent twelve men to bat. yet
only three of them got hits. Bases on
balls and errors by Kruger and Mos-
o klman gave Seattle the victory. It
"was hard luck, because he had pitched
magnificent ball up to that unfortun
ate inning. Score:
Beattle— j Oakland—*
AB. R. H. P. A- AB. R. H. P. A.
VHtn.cf 4 1 1 1 0!Fmck«.« S 1 3 12
Mohlr.2b 3 111 S.Ganly.rf 4 0 0 10
Dhnty.Sb 4 0 0 1 3 Dnlry.lf 3 1 2 O a
Frt.k.lf. 3 111 0JM»km.2b 2 1 o O O
B!k*p,lb 4 1 O 11 l|Krogr.cf 3 1 l s o
Rmlth.rf. 3 10 1 2lStreib.lb 4 O 2 » n
R.HaU... 4 12 7 3|Dvrux.3b 4 0 0 2 4
Wilfon.a 4 12 4 GByrne.e. 4 118°
O.Hall,p. 4 0 0 0 1 Schmdt.p 4 0 0 0 1
I Totals. 34 5 9 24 B
•Batted for Schmidt in the ninth.
Oakland Goes to Pieces and Seattle
Bats Out a Victory.
DISASTER COMES IN EIGHTH.
LONDON, A.ng. 17. — Danny Mah«r,
the American jockey, continued his
remarkable performances at the Stock
ton summer meeting to-day, ngam
riding four winners ttnd one secjni
out of seven races, in which he had
six mounts. The best race of the d^y
was for the Hard wt eke stakes, of
$2500. with $50 each for "tartars add
ed. Six horses were sent away and
Maher won from the favorite at the
post by a clever dash when his chanc*
seemed hopeless. JIaher'a mount was
R. Sherwood's filly by "Wolfs Cra;r.
The betting was 6 to 1 on the filly.
Maher also won the Great Norther.i
Leger of $2500 on Lord Harnwood 'a
Almsdiffe, the favorite. ,i»
For the Second Day In Succession Ho
Pilots Four Winners on an
English Track.
JOCKEY MAtlER CONTINUES
IN BKILXJANT FORM
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and up, selling — Fire Eater 111.
Flexion 10«. Virgin Soil 106, Bardolph 106.
Demurrer 106. Jane Holly 106. Wild Pirate 103
Pass Bock 103. Jack Demund 103, Naughty
Lady 102. Briartborpe 100, Wizard 99. Allan
98. Geranium 98, Hoodwink 98. Orly II 98
Canteen 97. Kickshaw 96, Garnish 94.
Sixth race, six furlongs, two-year-olds, maid
ens — Earldom 110, St. Aubyn 110, Sir Ralph
110. Lobo 110, Roundelay 110. Maximilian 110.
Red Reynard 110, Kunjamuck 110, Sandal wood
110. Navajo 110. Glenecho 110. Terryburn 110
Pioneer 107, Raiment 107. Campo 107 Be
douin 107.
Fourth race, one and three -sixteenth miles,
handicap— Africander 126, Major Dalngerneld
120, Shorthose 115, Grazlallo 113, Cloverland
108. Elliott 107. Go Between 103.
Third race, six furlongs, two-year-olds, the
Albany handicap— McChord 120, Good Bye 111.
Blue Bird 104. Gamar 100, A Humour 10O. Jack
Lory 120, Chrysltls 113, Dandelion 107. Dr.
Swartz 102.
Second race, steeplechase, short course,
handicap — Fulminate 153, Ertphone 153, Royelle
153, Manillan 153, Walter Cleary 163, Hark
Forward 153. Perlon 153, Black Death 148.
Bonfire 132.
First race, six furlongs, handicap — Reliable
140, Ort Wells 134. Lady Amelia 128, Auditor
116. Damon 100, Orthodox 108, New York 110,
Unmasked 107, Armenia 106, Monte, Carlo 100,
Castalian 103, I^etola 102, Fustian 100, Mar
joram 98, Monet 98, Missing Link 90.
SARATOGA, Aug. 17. — Africander,
Major Daingerfield, Shorthose and
other flyers will start to-morrow in
the handicap. The day's entries:
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
Seventh race, five furlongs, selling — Dun
dall 98, Oceaner 98, Adare 98, Garvlce 98, But
well 09, Useful Lady 100. Dr. Kennedy 100,
West Brookfleld 104. Matador 104.
Fourth race, six furlongs, the Midsummer
stakes — Al Casey 95, Green Gown 101, Before
101, Ailpn Avon 101, Lady Ellison 05, No
Trumper 103, Tom Shelly 103, lord Dlxon
103. Moorish Damsel 106. (Lady Ellison and
No Trumrer Ellison entry.)
Fifth rece, one mile, selling — Bay Wood 88,
Alma Dyfour 91, Polk Miller 92, Sweet Tone
92, Kllmorle 94, Dunsannon 90, Mr. Farnum
99, Frivol 99. FIeuron-104, Hainault 106.
Sixth race, flv« furlongs, purse — Ned Tur
p!n 102. Swedish Lad 105. Michael Byrnes 105
Doc Wallace 105. Rams Horn 105, Flaxman
X1S. . .
Second race, ona and one-eighth miles sell-
Ing — Major Manair 100. Glorlosa 100, Half a
Hundred 100, Rossmond 100. Tom Hall 101,
O"Hagen 102, Celebration 106, Port Royal 112.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards,
handicap — Ananias 98. Warte Nicht 98 Birch
Broom 102. Dalvay 103. Huzzah 105, Gregor
K 106. i
First race, six furlongs, selling— Fly Lady
96. Oaxaca 90. Mandy Lee 90. Myron Dale 98,
La Chaperone 08, Pond 08, Berry Waddell 98,
Eleata 101, Helsrerson 101, Fortuny 103, Norel
103. Jusquela 105, Japan 10«. Prince of Pilsen
106, Comrade 107, Robin Hood 110.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— The Midsum
mer stakes for*2-year-olds will bring
out a strong field to-morrow at Haw
thorne. Charley Ellison will start
Xrfidy Ellison and No Trumper. The
entries:
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards. purs«
— Buccaneer 100, Hubbard 07, Yellow Hammer
100. Fenian 97. Lyrist 95.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing — Jake Greenberg J.10. Avoid 105, Golden
Light 104. Axares'104, Lee King 101, Sister
Lillian 100. BIrdwood 99, Compass 97, Lustlg
96, Stump Down 95, Edgardo 94, The Hebrew
91, Lady Fonse 89.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap— Old
Stone 111, Commodore 110. i Ice Water 109,
Frank Bell 108.' Kindred 104, Evening Star
08." Autumn Leaves 03, St. Winlfrlde 93, Lady
Vashtl 93.
Second race, five 'and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Colonel Preston 110, A Lady- Fair 107.
The Mlssourian 107, Tim Hurst 105, Little
Harry 105, Cernova 10U. Thompson's Fairy
102, La Princess 102. Blllle Handsel 102. 01
lle Burnett 100, Sweet Swaar 100, Wakeful
100. Lady Lou 95, Bessie Me 05.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Amorous 107. Topsoll 107, Pepper Dick 107,
Chorus Boy 107, Blanco 105, Harding 105, Dr.
Clark 102. Willie Collier 102, Drummond 100.
ST. L<OUIS ENTRIES.
v ST.- LOUIS, Aug. 17. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at the Fair
Grounds follow:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling 1 —
Carley's Dream 107. George Vivian 107, La
cache 107, Feby Blue 105, Lady Burlington
105, Crescerton 105. Fitzbrillar 105. Vulcain
100. Nellie Bawn 100.
Frank O'Kane has been invited to
net as referee for both the cycle and
the foot races at Ingleside racetrack on
Sunday and will accept the task in ad
dition to his many duties as director
general of the benefit athletic meet.
Mr. O'Kane is a former champion of
several outdoor sports, and his enthu
siasm has not waned now that his days
of activity have passed, as his unceas
ing efforts in gathering money for the
building of a permanent athletic field
in Golden Gate Park show. He and
W. J. Simpson have interested Director
Peixotto of the Columbia Park Boys*
Club In the affair, and the services of
the brass band and drum corps of that
organization have been volunteered for
the afternoon.
In order to swell the list of entries
for the sprinting races George James
has announced that he will receive ap
plications up to this evening at the
Olympic Club. A goodly number have
already accepted the issue, but owing
to confusion over the place of entry
several have asked for an extension of
time.. The wheelmen closed their en
tries last night, and the full list, with
the result of the handicappers" labors,
are appended:
Ten-mile relay: Bay City Wheelmen. Cali
fornia Cycling Club. Central City Wheelmen,
Golden Gate Wheelmen. New Century Wheel
men, Oakland Wheelmen. Names of riders cor
resj>ond to order of clubs as named. First
relay— V. S. Gray. J. Valente. B. Williams,
T. Lawrence, H. Strohleln. K. Holden. Second
relay — A. T. Silva. B. F. Elliott. H. May
torena. W. Mills. A. Hodgkins, C. Nelson.
Third relay— George Frey. F. Bell. H. King.
L. Randall. A. Wilkes. H. Hancock. Fourth
relay— J. Simmons. A. Carl. G. McGrath. W.
Stetnman. H. McWhlrter, C. Bergner. Fifth
relay — W. de Mara. M. Rlngrose. F. Wor
muth, F. Rlgo, D. Mainland, R. W. William
son.
One-mile club racer.B. C. "W. — J. Simmons
and W. de Mara. C. C C. — F. Bell and M.
Ringroae. O. G. W. — L. Randall and F. Rlgo.
N. C. W. — A. Hodgkins and D. Mainland.
O. W.— C. Nelson and R. W. Williamson. P.
W.— A. Garcia.
Three-mile tandem — Carl and Lunodlnl: Han
cock and Williamson: Randall and Stelnman;
Newsom and De Mara; Holden and Bergner.
Motor cycle, three and five miles, handicaps
to b« made at track — W. N. Kldwell. C. O.
Hill. D. WUkie. A. D. Tonge, A. S. Mar
coson.
Novice, one mile — G. Frey, D. Mainland, H.
Lunodinl, J. Cunningham, P. Lawrence, H.
King, George Heman. H. L. Tlllamon. H. E.
Schiller, A. Garcia. M. Kern. A. Wilkes. L.
A. Kramer, H. McWhirter. Gus Baraty. E. E.
Bersrman. O. Boerfelt, J. H. McPherson. J.
H. Steward. P. Pelletlert. A. SUva, M. Sta-
Johan. A. Nunan. A. Daggett. H. Purinton.
Bert Jones, C. Bergman. M. Thomas, D. Trigo,
P. Borrell. A. Carlson, W. Clayton.
Two-mile handicap— Scratch. W. de Mara.
R. Williamson. W. Clayton. H. McWhlrter:
thirty yards, A. Wilkes. E. F. Holden. C.
Bersmer. W. Stelnman. L. Randall: sixty
yards. J. Haurat. H. Hancock. M. Rinrrose.
E. E. Bergman, W. Kenyon. A. Sllva, G. A.
Gorham, P. Borrell: ninety yards, G. Frey.
P. Lawrence. T. Wormuth. A. Garcia, A.
Passrett. a. Ericksen. J. H. McPherson; 110
yards. W. Mills. H. L/T!llman. H. King. M.
Stajohan, F. Klrchner: 130 yards. A. Carlson.
G. Baraty, L. Robinson, A. C. Bannister, F.
S. Wheeler. O. F. Peterson. J. Cunningham:
150 yards. G. Williams. D. Trlgo. J. Herjog. P.
Camera. J. II. Steward: 175 yards. G. Heman.
S. Hargreaves. M. Kern. C. E. Schiller. P. Bel
letieri, A. Nunan. H. Purinton: 200 yards, B.
Jones, N. Thomas. O. T5oerfelt. L. Kramer.
Racing at Pqrtland.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 17.— The- result! at
trvington follow:
First race, five furlongs, selling — Judge Nap
ton won. Master second. Rose Leaf third.
Time, 1:02%.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling
— Frank Pearce won, Pat Morissey second.
Crosby third. Time, 1:21.
Third race, five furlongs, selling — Agnea
Mack won. Bell Reed second. Almoner third.
Time, 1:02V*. ..
Fourth race, seven furlongs. Multnomah
handicap — El Piloto won. Nonle second. Misty' s
Pride third. Time, 1:28%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, eellln* — Bummer
won. Cerro Santa second. Instructor third.
Time,. 1:13%.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Ing — Colonel Van won. Mountebank lecona.
Chickadee third. Time. 1:47.
"Scenic Treasures of California/* the
most complete souvenir book ever Issued;
price 75 cents. Souvenir Department,
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
PITTSBURS. Pa., Aug. 17. — An unknown
Italian who. It la alleged, attempted to kidnap
Helen White, a child 5 years old, narrowly
escaped lynching In Allegheny this afternoon,
and waa only savwl from, serious) Injury by
the arrival of the police.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
(Pacific Coast Leasut.)
W. I*. Pet. W. I*. Pet.
Seattle 13 7 .(30 San Fran 10 11 .476
I-rf> Anteles.U *> .5T»iHcrtland '-• In .474
Tacoma 11 S .C7»jOakland .... 5 13 .250
If Mike Fisher can stow away about
half the luck that was his lot yesterday
at Recreation Park the pennant is his
for a srif t- The trainer of the great
* jungle monsters invaded this city after
-'an absence that has made the heyts
of some fans grow fonder and others
bitter. He quietly slipped away with
the game and the luck, and did all the
stalling and orating after the fight had
been won. Score — Tacoma 2, San Fran
cisco 1.
Sheehan drove a clever little single
out to right field, and Nordyke sacri
ficed him along a bit., Truck Eagan
just managed to lay his bat against
cne that went out of Gochnauer'e reach,
and this sent Sheehan around to sack
three. Lynch listed a fly to deep cen
ter and Sheehan hotfooted to the pan.
Casey saw his chance and responded
with one to center, bringing Truck over
the last Jump with the one that won
the game for Mike.
Sun Francisco landed for three solid
hits, a double and a triple in the sixth,
end Btill there was no run. Hildebrand
drove a grand two-bagger to the flag
pole. He was nailed by many feet at
the plate when he tried to score on
Meany's drive to right. Van Buren
a slow one over the third bag.
but it was not long enough to bring
Meany in. Had Hildebrand been kept
at third the game might have been
won there.
The eighth produced the only run,
and it looked bad for a while at that.
"VValdron hit and so did Meany, but it
was the same old story in the same old
way till Irwin planted a two-bagger
against the center field fence. Waldron
arrived, but Pat went to his doom on a
good relay throw — Lynch to Casey to
Graham.
In the ninth the Tigers took a grand
aerial ascension, but still old mother
luck refused to be touted to desert. An
derson was given a life on Eagan's
fumble, and Gochnauer was there with
his bunt again. Casey dropped Gorton's
fly, making two on the sacks, with but
cne to the bad. Barber was too anx*
ious and tried to wallop the first ball,
producing naught but a pop up. Wal
dron had little better left, so it ended
right there. The score:
Ban Francisco— i Tacoma —
AB. R. H. P.A.i AB. R. H. TJl.
Wftld.cf. 5 114 0 Doyie.rf. 4 0 0 4 1
Hilde.U. 3 0 110 Sheeh.3b. 4 115 1
Mtan.rf. 4 0 2 3 O Nord.lb. 3 0 O 6 O
VanB.lb. 4 O 2 12 0 Eaean.!. .. 4 110 1
Irwn.3b. 4 0 2 0 1 Lync.cf. 3 0 13 1
Andr.2b. 4 O~ 1 2 8 Cafy.2b. 3 0 13 4
Gouch.s. 10 0 3 1 MeL^.lf. 2 0 0 3 0
Gorton.c. 3 0 0 2 l|Hogan,c. 3 0 0 3 2
Barbr.p. 4 0 0 0 3 Thoms.p. 3 0 0 0 4
Totals.32 1 9 27 11! Totals.29 2 4 27 14
' Tacoma 0 0 0 0 O 0 2 0 0 — 2
Base hits OOOOl 030 0 — 4
Bar. Francisco ..OOO0OOO1 0 — 1
Base hits 000103230—0
a SUMMARY.
ftolen bases — Van Buren (2), Casey. Errors
— Waldrcn, Lynch, Eagan, Casey. Two-base
bits — Lynch. Hildebrand. Irwln. Sacrifice hits —
Nordjke. Gochnautr <2). First base on errors
— Can FVancisco 2. F!n;t base on called ballk
— Oft Barber 1. off Ttcmat 2. Left on bases —
Bra Francisco 8. Tacoma 2. Struck out — By !
Barber 2, by Thomas 1. Hit by pitcher—Hil
debrand. Time of game — 1 hour 40 minutes.
Vnipire — O'ConaelL v • -.i
McGrath has decided to work his
miner as hard as he can go till next
Monday, when the training win be
wound up with ten fast and furious
rounds. Then Munroe will rest and pa
tiently await the moment when the bell
brings him face to face with the man
who has met and beaten all the nota
bles but himself.
After being rubbed down by Tim Mc-
Grath, the chief of staff, the miner
looked great. Every muscle of his body
showed plainly and his flesh had a real
healthy look about It.
Even though the spirits of the "Kid"
were not as high as they have been on
other occasions and in other places, th.i
miner made up for any^lack of spright
linesa on his adviser's part. He was
never more full of life and ginger and
he never bustled his sparring partners
around harder than he did yesterday
afternoon.
The ever reliable and consistent Andy
Gallagher waa called upon first to en
gage Munroe. The way the, miner start
ed In puzzled Andy. He could not un
derstand why the big fellow did not
come In and mix it. and therefore he
commenced to set the pace and shoot
'em in fast in order to awaken the
aspirant for championship honors from
his apparent fit of dopinesa.
The change came when the second
round was about half over. Munroe
suddenly cut loose and wallop after
wallop he shot at the astonished Gal
lagher. It was then the latter discov
ered that the miner had been stalling
all the time and was playing the foxy
game. At first he seemed content with
blocking: the hot ones sent at him and
not being able to come back. "When he
did open up he surprised every one in
the gym, including his trainers. There
was steam behind every blow and he
winged them in fast enough to make
the agile Gallagher do some hotfooting
to get out of the corners.
Sullivan followed, and he was ham
mered around the ring for two rounds
by the husky miner. At that, Sullivan
did some boxing in himself and let the
miner know occasionally that he waa
still in the going. It waa a good, fast
two rounds, and the miner showed a lot
of speed In following the smaller man
about and blocking his jabs and swings.
Chester was the last man to get his.
He was also rushed around the ring at
a lively pace by Munroe, who was will
ing to take a couple of punches In order
to land one.
The talk of "Kid" McCoy's doings at
Camp Munroe has set the sporting pub
lic astir, and naturally every man whj
is interested in the outcome of the big
fight has a longing: to see just what the
"Kid" is doing to make a champion oui
of one Jack Munroe. Accordingly a
motley throng gathered at the Beach
Tavern yesterday afternoon, despite thu
wind and the cold and the general tin
pleasantness of the atmosphere.
Every one was doomed to a spell of
disappointment, for the much-touted
"Kid" waa not feeling right. He did
not don the mitts with his pupil, but
contented himself with looking at the
others engage in the practice battles,
making a valuable suggestion occasion
ally.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 6 i— 7
Base hits....... 00310003 x— 7
Oakland 00302000 0—5
Base hits 01313000 1—9
SUMMARY.
Errors — Hall. Kruger. Moskiman, Streib.
Two-base hits — Van Haltren, Krujrer. Three
base hit — Francks. Bases on balls — Off C.
Hall 5, off Schmidt 4. Struck out— By C. Hall
4. by Schmidt 8. Double play— Mohler to R.
Hall to Blankenship. Passed ball— Wilson. Hit
by pitched ball— Delehanty, Mohler. Time of
game — Two hours and nine minutes. Um
pire — Brown.
The officials of the race meet are:
F. H. Burke, T. J. Crowley and Robert
Brown, Judges; Edwin S. Smith, start
er; Dr. Ralph W. Hagan, D. Mizner
and Captain Bennett, timers.
The closest finish during the after
noon was in the second heat of the 2:20
pace. Three horses, Tom Carneal, Cav
alier and Gertie A were fighting it out
coming down the stretch. Under the
wire the three horses' noses were side
by side, and it took the judges some
time to decide the heat. "When the win
ner was announced it was found Tom
Carneal had received the decision and
the other two were placed in the order
named. The time was 2:13.
The first heat of the 2:24 class trot
proved another interesting race. H D B
won from Walter Wilkes by a nose.
The latter horse broke badly just after
the start, and this gave H D B a lead
that was hard to overcome. If this
break had not occurred the heat would
have been at least three seconds faster.
The time was 2:1J.
First race — 2:24 class, trotting*, mile heats,
three In five, purse J500: ,
H. D. B., b. g. by Arthur Holl-Jennle
D (F. E. Wright) Ill
Walter Wilkes, blk. g. by Sable
Wllkes-Jennle McCarty (J. Groom). 2 2 3
R. W. P., b. g. by Lynwood W (J. W.
ZibheJl) 4 S 2
Mllbrae. br. h. by Prince Airlit-Fear
less (P. H. McEvoy) B 4 4
Pat Ros? blk. g. by Sable Wilkes-Jen
nie McCarty (S. H. Hoy) 3 dis.
Best time— 2:13.
Second race — 2:20 class, pacing, mile heats,
three In five. Santa Rosa*takes, $1500:
Tom Carneal. b. g. by Diablo-Mountain
Maid (S. K. Trefry) 1 1 1
Cavalier, b. g. by Welcome-Stelnway
<W. G. Durfee) 5 2 2
Billy Red, b. g. by Glenelg-Bunnello ¦
( J. D. Springer) 2^4 3
Gertie A. ch. m. by Dlablo-Lola (J.
Groom) 4 dls.
Flora G, b. m. by El Echo (C. F.
Bunch) 3 8 ds
Time— 2:0S^. 2:13. 2:llii.
Third race — 2:10 clasiv pacing, mile heats,
three In five, stakea ;600:
Daedalion. br. h. by Diablo-Grace
(H. R. Ward) 4 1 1 1
Highball, blk. h. by Sllkwood (J.
H. Vance) 1 2 3 3
Kelly Brlfrgs, b. g. by Bayswater
Wilkes (F. E. Wright) 2 3 2 2
Cuckoo, b. g. by Strathway-Edlth M
(M, Leggett) : 3 4 4 4
Time— 2:11. 2:10. 2-.13V4. 2:11.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 17.— One of the
largest crowds that ever greeted the
opening of a race meet held in this city
was present at Pierce Bros.' racetrack
to-day, there being at least 2500 people
on the grounds. The races are being
held under the auspices of the Pacific
Coast Trotting Horse Breeders* Asso
ciation and will continue four days. The
track is in fine condition. It main
tained its reputation as one of the fast
est tracks in the State, as shown by
the time made in the various races.
The Weather was excellent for horse
racing, with the exception of a rather
stiff breeze.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Many Promising Sprinters
and Bicycle Eiders Will
Compete in Various Trials
Black Son of Diablo Takes
$1500 Stakes in Straight
Heats in Clever Fashion
Lays Low for a While and
Then Cuts Loose With a
Few Well-Placed Wallops
San Francisco Gets Men on
the Bases, but They All
Get Left There but One
TOM CARNEAL IS FIEST
LONG LIST OF ENTRIES
STALLING GALLAGHER
SIXTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-old maidens: purse:
Betting-. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
IS to 5— Cutter, 112 (Prior) 7 2 3 1«
10 to 1— Eckersall. 115 (Sheehan). 8 lh 2h
7 to 3— Kate Zltt, 112 (Mountain) 5 3 4 3 6
Time. -:53 2-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. J. A. Wernberg's b. f. by Gotham-
Kenmore Queen. Envoy 115, Ralph Reese 115,
Frank Monteverde 115. Siss Lee 112. Belsar
anno 115, Rather Royal 115, Black Dutch 115,
finished aa named. ¦ ¦-.?. •
— ____ '¦ t ' ».
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
"tol — Viola, 98 (Seamster) 6 9 5 In
3 to 2 — Brand New. 102 (Davis). 3 2% 2h
12 to 1 — Telephone, 103 (Grenfleld) 1 4 1 3 >&
Time. 1 :42 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. W. Fuller's b. f. by Esher- Feign.
Sweetie 103, Sweet Tone 105, Golden Mineral
102. Excentral 93, Great Eastern 103, Chocka
yotte 105. Fiasco 104. finished as named.
FOURTH RACEJ-Slx furlongs; four-year
olds *and up; Durse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Big Ben. 112 (Prior) 2 11 1 Ui
4 to 1— Skilful. 110 (Henry) 1 2 1 2 4
5 to 2— The Crisis, 105 (Hoffler).. 3 3 n 3 5
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. E. Durnell's br. g. (4) by Ben
Strome-Mint Julep. Americano 119 also ran.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and ud; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
(to 10— Phil Finch, 93 (Knapp) 2 1 8 1 3%
11 to 6— Port Royal, -106 INicol) 122 2 5
. to 1— Bragg. 104 (Sheehan) . . 3 3 % 3 h
Time. 1:47 2-5. Start jrood. Won eased
up. Winner, W. S. Williams & Co.'s ch. g.
(3) by Gold Finch-Phillista. Sab Remo »1
also ran.
SECOND RACE — Short course steeplechase;
thrt-e-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Nitrate, 138 (Grantland) 2 2 ? 1 2^
10 to 1— Klngalong, 125 (Johnson) 5 112 6
10 JL° !— Ev ander, 133 (Monahan). 1 8 *4 3 3
_Tlme. 2:52 1-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. C. E. Durnell's b. h. (6) by Tea
Tray-Nineveh. Oliver Me 164, Dominque You
J30. Springstead 125, Martin Brady 127 fin
ished as named.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Phil Finch add
ed another victory to his long list to
day by capturing the feature event of
the Hawthorne card. The gelding made
a show of his field, leading by a big
margin throughout. In the first half he
opened a gap of three and a hajf
lengths, and at the far turn he in
creased it to eight, finally winning
eased up. Phil Finch was as good -as
even money for a few minutes, but his
backers pounded his price down to 7 to
10 at post time. As four favorites and
well-played second choices captured the
purses the bookmakers received a hard
drubbing. Summary:
FIRST RACE ¦— Six and a half furlong*:
four-year-olds and ud: selling:
B^" 1 "«- Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
b to 6— Joe Frey, 112 (Aubleon) 3,11 16
-o to 1— Marshalsea, 107 (Pleratt) 2 >2 1 2 1
9 to 1— Sioux Chief, 102 (Lan'n)lO 11 2 3 1
Time, 1:21 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner/ J. p. Schorr's c. h. (4) by Belvedere-
Ledy Hawkstone. Allie VIrgle 105, Royal Pi
rate 102. Bob Franklin 114. Begone 112, The
f° e J 22 - G oal Runner 114, Half . a Hundred
107, Longmore 105, Memnon 119 finished as
named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WIN IX SEVENTH BOUND
Time, 1:42. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, L. A. Bonack's ch. m. (4) by Magnet-
Bliss. Velos 100. Mai Lowry 92, Feronla 98.
Baby Hall 100. Lady Charles 95, Flora >Wil
loughby 102, Eleanor Howard 105, Laura
"Hunter 100, Dr. Burns 107, finished aa named.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and -up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 1 — Blissful, 102 (Cocolo) 4 2 1 ll'i
2 to 1 — Buccleutb. 107 (D.Austin) 3 3 1 2 ns
6 to 1 — Trapsetter. 101 (H.Andsn) 2 4 2 3 1
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. 6U % Fin,
2 to 1— Ed Ball, 102 'Llndsey).. 3 21 In
4 to 1— Aggie Lewis, 100 (II. And) 4 4 3 2 n
17 to 1— Ben Lear, 109 (J. Conwy) 5 1 3' 3 4
Time, 1:11%; Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. Mulkey's ch. g. (4) by Vlrge d'Or-
Nlobe. Hazel H 100. Barkleyite 109, St. Paris
D8, Dusky Secret 107, Captain Gaeton 109.
Lady Felix 107, Quaker Girl 93, Susie Letcher
107, Apple Sweet 107, Pat Hammon 102 fin
ished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and aa eighth mllee;
throe-year-old a and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
3 to 1— Bas d'Or, 114 (Foley) . 1 In lna
3 to 1— Jack Young 104 (W.Davis) 2 8 6 2 6
2 to 1— Just So, 1 100 (D. Austin) . . 6 213 5
Time, 1 :53. Start good- Won driving. Win
ner, W. Mulkey*s ch. g. (4) by Dochart-Goldea
Slipper. Boaster 08, Harmakis 93, Byron Ros«
90, Pourquol Pas 88, finished as named.
.. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
15 to 1— A.Muskoday.103 (Wckert) 0 5 2 1 h
Even — Prln. Orna, 105 (Austin).. 12 3 2 8
8 to 1— Erla Lee. 105 (Scully). . . . 7 1 h 3 1
Time. 1:02. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. M. Barker & Co.'b ch. c. (2) by Mead
owthorpe-BIack Bessie. Jack Moran 100, Mil
ton Young 103, Trixle White 100. Dotage 100,
Hilona 100, Lady Mercury 100. Kitty Belle
Brooks 100, Mr. Ritchie 100, Gold Monarch 100.
finished as named. <
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; maldea three
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Triple Sllver.l03(Dckson) 5 1 h 1 5
20 to 1 — Felix Monze.108 (Young) « 7 2 2 1
10 to 1— Maacovolr, 105 (Davis). ... 7 2 ns 3 1%
Time, 1:13. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. E. Burnett & Cc's ch. f. (3) by Goth
am-Free Silver II. Lookaway 105, Tom Rowe
105. Florl 103, Albertola 103, Ophelia Martin
103. Sweet Nota 105, Juba 105. Modoc 105.
Fond Memory 103. Say So 103, finished aa
named.
Special Dispatch to ThgCall.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 17. — Bas d'Or ran
a game race to-day, finishing one
quarter of a second outside of the
track record to beat Jack Young a
nose in the Fair Grounds feature
event. - The weather was clear and the
track fast. Attendance 5000. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — Flvo and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Hersaln. 100 (Anderson) 3 16 16
7 to 1— Bradwarlin, 103 (Austin). 9 8 % 2 ns
20 to 1— Monogram, 100 (J. Dale). 5 2 n 3 n
Time. 1:09. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Schreiber's b. f. (2) by Saint-Hesperiu.
Opinion 100, Annlsquam 103, A Lady 106,
Mellwood 108, Fred Priesmeyer 103, Leila
Hunter 85, Dresden 98, Tommy O'Hara 103,
Walpole 103, finished as named. Renaissance
101). Boy fell off Renaissance at stretch.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1 — Aeronaut. 110 (O"Neil) 3 1 1U1 2V4
4 to 1— Gold Fleur. 104 (Travers). 1 2h 2 3
9 to 5 — Gold. Sunrise, 102 (Cochrn) 7 4 h 3 h
Time, 1 :08 1-5. Start fair. Woo easily.
Winner. W. S. Fanshaw's ch. c. by Ayrshire-
Miss Ellie. Bob Mossom, Little Buttercup,
Merces, Steel Trap, Calmness, Stepdance,
Charles Tilllott. Lizzie Albertlne, High Life,
Lancashire Lass, Agent Atog Bag of Tricks,
Agnes Virginia. Smiling Alice, Liberty, Dan K,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile: all ages; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
H. to 5— Caughnawaga. 120 (Odom) 1 In 11
4 to 1— Gray Friar. 102 (Travers) 5 2 12 6
6 to 1 — Toboggan. 113 (Martin) . . 6 6 3 h
Time, 1 :3S 4-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. J. J. Sanford's ch, g. by Clifford-La
Tosca. Spring. Duke of-Kendal, Gold Money,
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds; the Seneca Selling stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
C to 1— Divination. 104 (Martin). 1 l^lh
12 to 1— Good Cheer, 100 (Cormck) 2 3 1 2 h
t> to 5— Liberia, P0 (Sperling) 6 52 32
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. A. Miller's ch. f. by Horoscope- White
Rose. Greencrest, Crown Prince, Scotch Plume,
Inquisitive Girl, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
for tvy'o-year-olds; gelling':
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Escutcheon 110 (C.Chrn) 112 1 1ft
6 to 1 — Workman, 104 (Olihphn) 3 3b 21
20 to 1— U. Charley,97(W.Fisher) 6 6 3 3 3
Time, 1:08. Start poor. Won driving'.
Winner. D. Gideon's b. c. by Goldcrest-Affet.
Ike S, Blue Coat. Jerry C, Tramator. Niblick,
Meadowhorn. Consuello II, Northville, Win
chester, Merrllassle, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— About two and a half
miles; steeplechase; handicap; four-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Maiden. 1GO (Henry)...* 12 115
10 to 1 — Captivator, 135 (J.O'Brn) 2 2 10 2 2
5 to 2— Tenek. 150 (Dayton).... 6 3 1*43
Time, 6:00 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. W. Colt's b. g. by Llssak-Haf Rap
ture. Doedary. Mystic Shrine. Manllian. Gar
ter Buckle. Libretto, finished as named.
Caughnawaga is engaged in that race,
to be run on Saturday, in which he will
carry 127 pounds. He may meet Ort
Wells 113 pounds. The Picket 126, Afri
cander 126, Beldame 108, Major Dain
gerfield 126, Claude 126 and others.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlonCT; all age*;
handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %, Fin.
« to 1— Col. Jessupt 116 (Odom) .5 8 >A 1 2
20 to 1— Toscan. IMS (W. Fischer). T 6 % 2 h
7 to 2— Shotgun. 130 (Fuller) ... 2 1 h 32
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start bad. Won easily.
"Winner. J. L. McGlnnis' b. c. by Beldemonlo-
Crlmeo. Reliable, The Musketeer, Foxy Kane,
Honolulu. Cloten, Castallan, Collegian, finished
as named.
The horse went on for an additional
five furlongs, running the mile and a
quarter in 2:05 3-4, one mile and three
furlongs in. 2:19 3-5, one mile and a half
in 2:34 3-5 and one mile and five fur
longs in 2:D1. He broke the track rec
ord at one mile and three furlongs in
this workout. Continuing on at a slow
canter, the great son of Clifford and La
Tosca was given an ovation all along
the field stand front. The applause
grew stronger as he pulled up at the
judges' stand.
Every move of Caughnawaga was
closely watched by Gates, Drake, Wish
ard and others. Gates turned to Drake
and said, "I suppose you are aware
that you have seen to-day the winner
of the Saratoga cup."
SARATOGA, Aug. 17.— The event of
the racing to-day was the excellent
performance of John Sanford's Caugh
nawaga in the mile handicap. The horse
carried 126 pounds. In front all the
way, he disposed of Grey Friar, his
nearest attendant, in easy style, run
ning the mile In 1:33 4-5. The track
was not considered fast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The "Kid" Takes a Day Off
and Watches Big Miner Go
With Sparring Partners
Fishers Jungle Terrors Are
Outfielded and Outbattcd,
but Still They Triumph
Eas d'Or Nearly Breaks a
Track Record- in Defeat
ing Jack Young.
Phil Finch Captures the Fea
ture Event of the Haw
thorne Card.
Exciting Struggles Hark the
Opening of . the Breeders'
Meeting at Santa Eosa
Frank O'Kane Will Officiate
at Athletic Events and
Cycle Races at Ingleside
After Winning a Handicap
He Is Sent Saratoga
Cup Distance.
TIGERS CORNER
ALL THE LUCK
HORSES FINISH
NOSES APART
M'COY COACHES;
MONROE WORKS
CAUGHNAWAGA'S FAST TIME
IMPRESSES TURF PLUNGERS
REFEREE NAMED
FOR CARNIVAL
CYCLERS AND ATHLETES TO START AT PARK TRACK BENEFIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU. THURSDAY, AUGUST IS, 190-1.
Golf at I Del n Monte.
EJon't forget the golf ; tournament at Hotel
Del ; Monte, all : this week ; ' valuable champion
ship trophies. ttHBHM^^gSEgffijKCMt*^
SEATTLE, "Wash:, Aug-. 17.— Rufe
Turner won from Tommy Tracey of
Portland to-night in. the tenth round of
a boxing contest.- A left uppercut
caught Tracey on the jaw and lifted
him off the" floor. ,. Half dazed, he mo
tioned to , his seconds, - and ; they threw
up a! towel. ;¦ While "Tracey showed all
his old-time cleverness ,' and landed the
greater number.' of . blows, • he . was un
able to injure Turner.
Rufe Turner^ Defeats Tracey.
•¦¦ ST. - LOOTS, Augi 17.— Glade struck ¦ out ten
of Griffith'* men. The game wa>; marked by
CLEVELAND. Aug. 17.— Cleveland ; won out
In the eighth and ninth, scoring two runB ¦ In
the ninth on Clarke's error.' Buelow's single
and Ray's single and hits by Lajoie. Flick
and Rhodes. Attendance 240O. Score:
¦"- ,•'-. 'ilMliiil/fal'l i" " M I
Cleveland 3.12' i
Washington ..".... ..'.." 2- 7 -2
Batteries — Rhodes and • Buelow ,'. Hughes and
Klttredge. , , . ; > ; v . --
CHICAGO. Aug. 17.— TannehiU pitched'' the
irreatost game of his career to-day. He shut
the locals out without a hit and but for hit
ting a batsman and rtvinjr one pass not one
of them would have reached first. The field -
Ins on both sldesl was of the highest order
one excusable- fumble alone marring: perfect
playlngr. Attendance 10.500.; Score:
Chicago ........... o" 0* i
Boston ¦ 6 10 1
Batteries— Walah, Altrock and Sullivan: J.
TannthlU and Farrell. . - . ,
6
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
A Vile Disease fcji
Contagious Blood Poison has wrecked more lives and \C d*$J
caused more misery and suffering than all other diseases i*jg0gB*
combined. Some are inclined to treat it lightly, but these P^^^f
soon learn that they have to deal with a powerful poison
that is slowly but surely breaking down the constitution. fdf»^§ yaw
Contagious Blood Poison not only metes out punishment ||^k;^^^^l
• to the one who contracts it, but ethers may become inno- s*&MSBB&*md
cent victims of this vile dis-
ease through inheritance If '^Z?* 1 *! T M troubled with the most mails;.
ca5C rf D °* a . I11 . n f™ nce ' " nant type of chronic blood trouble. After trying
your blood IS tainted you may various other remedies -without retting; any ben-
Ji^^^y^^^bat- t^JSSSSS^S.tSS^^^StS^ifl-
thug witn the same disease — few bottles cured me permanently. ¦ I also con-
puny and sickly, mademiser- &%**&& ffi-SftSftrffiiK
able by disgusting sores and Improved in every way. 8. A. "WRIGHT,
skin eruption*. Under the 2 * 03 *»"fy»*ill» Ave. Allepheny City, Pa.
mercury and potash treatment all signs of infection may disappear, but leave
off these minerals and you soon find out the poison is still alive and you are
just as bad off as ever. "S. S. S. is the only antidote for Contagious Blood
Sy*-^ y*"-^ Poison. It destroys the virus completely without
|CN (TN injuring the system. It is a vegetable remedy, and
V^^^ V^^^ offer $r,ooo for proof that it contains a single
N^J mineral ingredient.* S. S. S. not bnly 4 works the poison
v^^ out of the blood thoroughly, but restores vigor and
strength to all parts of the system.
Write for our special book on Contagious Blood Poison, describing the
flifferent stages and symptoms and containing much other interesting infor-
mation about this most despicable of all diseases. .
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
ADVERTTSEMEyra.
cceso4>3Qoooo«o»ooooeooGooooooooooooeooooooooo
I* •
| Have You Pains and Aches ? •
| Are You Weak and Tired ? °
a Do you feel that your old Kr-^ :§# "^^ j&vwBWni&Si' >: "^ ~'t n
rt strength and youthful health have ffcff&rm mr v ::*ffi a
!f been worn out? Is your appetite ffS£i§& J t i 'lfZ "¦^SSsfts*} *"' ' ' : -* V *
2 failing, your digestion weak, and HSsHC* ' SSs&rwf&ClOT °
w do you suffer from constipation. #¦"' T :.V-"i tSSssBP " *«w ®
© pains in the abdomen, pains in the 14^ - mNibjil Hwl •
9 back and sides, headaches, sleep- I'^'K'i,' ' f aW >Kg " ¦'¦ mSoB **
get lessness and other evidences of an BgS Ct 1^ -jBBi f.'.'t'-'^\ g
S unhealthy condition of the vital £'>>'';;'S«** 1 *^^
5? organs? k ¦ *£"3s3^^ ™
w Don't druc for these troubles. VNBw 0
f» You are doing so, and have been 1&BB& i 0
© for years, perhaps, and you know Cjj3£!S \ 0
Q that drugs do not remove the \ A
1 % ' cause, though you often think they %^»Jr«fc ¦ \ U
a help you until their effect wears '"*¦* V «
2 oft. You have taken patent medl- tf>tt?ji» k n> .rffi^a. B ?
J5 cines-and felt stimulated for a few li iil^iii <m mlNTti! Ii °
J* days, but you know the old trou- sSiSHSSSSI^^^^i-'^a^S^Gf 0
O ble is there yet. These drugs are igr^SS^^ Q
9 mostly alcohol, -which stimulates J^ " M'*iK_<lffi O
O you and you had better drink ' «i-^\|>VtS» «
O whisky than take them. Nature wants help, and they don't give It. 5
2 **ld? n wiSt5rt»» 8t f en ifi b ~^? 1 8tren S th - That is what your weak body o
• r^ n !£n e^ S
• I Get Letters Daily From Grateful Women. 8
• rreaUyASorovlT 1 ! e *"? r * l tt dr °PP ln * *<» * '«w lines to let you kno«r tow 2
• rSr«ataSTta wetrtt iV .V 1^ 11 My headaches have Uft nw and "
| you fo^V.SS^^^^^^Yj^^-^'- VWy *™ tetUl tO 0
SS l >»««•» * . LOUISE KING. ComnurcUl Hotel. San Francisco. 0
S this diliS e inon ™»£J« i.7° Ur futur ? haPPlne« depends on your checking 9
5 -{arJ&SS. & 8 se~^^^^^ « |
• £h£ ¦Jo5Tftie t l?,ra tlll Jf 1 »'5 rwi|ttl !f Ify'ouSfSl I will f
g Office Hours-3 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. JTime BalL
Branch Rydrocraphie Of ice. U. 8. N.. ai»r
ehantc* Ezchasge, San Francisco.* Cal
Angnst 17. 1904. -^^
. The Tlir* BaU on th* t->w» f of th* Perry
bonding was croppe- 1 exactly at nooo toda/—
Will Sail * for Nome.
Th* steamship St. : PanU '. Captain Ltndquist.
will. sail :»t 2 o'clock this afternoon from
Stffuart-str«*t wharf for Nome.= She wtll carry
law pa**9t4«ra, bat a large cargo.
Voyage* of Equal -Length.
Tn«,Brttl»h ship Bracadale. which arrfwd
Tuesday night from Newcastle, Australia,
made the trip to eighty days. The German
bark Oswrbek. which arrived yesterday from
Newcastle, left th* Anstrallan port just a tew
hocrs UUr than the ; Britisher. Each experi
enced the same kind of weather, but neither
sighted the otiwr from th« time the Bracadale
left Newcastle harbcr nntil yesterday, when
the >' Osterbefc ' dropped anchor In quarantine
not many thlp lengths from the vessel she
had chased all the wajr from the Antipodes.
Tbe Overdae Ust.
The rate of t reinsurance on the Plonler Is
etlU quoted at 90 " per cent. The Hamptoa
and Asle ar« cnotsd at6 p«r cent.
VUdng I» Wrecked.
T!w 140-ton schooner Viking, which left her*
June 20 for St Lawrence Island and Cap*
Prmca of Wales, Is reported a total low off
the last named headland. No details have
been received as to how the disaster happened,
bnt It Is understood that all hands were
saved. Part of tbe cargo will b* recovered.
The Vlklny left h*re with supplies for the
whalins fleet and >is to have hroagbt back
a cariO of blubber and bone. She was built
In 1*b2 at Marshfietd. Or., and was owned
In this city by H. R. EstvokL
Notice to Mariners.
Th» fsuowlz* aTecta the list of CghtJ aa.d
for r.«Tia!s. Pacific Cout. 1SC4:
WASHINGTON.
Waa.iiiah Island post light, pag* V*. after
No. 1S4 (list of ligfctsc buoys and dayraarka.
Pacific Coast. 1904. p«ge 73). Corrected bear-
Is** are:
Largest hoes* Neah village ..SSW. 3-8 W.
•Cape Flattery hlH SW. 5-« W.
Tiigest to Kydikabbtt Pcist-WSW. 3-9 W.
Tbe following a£>ets the list ot llghta,
fjoys and daysiarks. Pacific Coast. 1904:
OREGON.
6eaeoast of Oregon. p*gm 29 — Cbc;at!l« boor.
a r*d Srst-eUss ncn. marked "CoqtslIIe." la
white, reported adriTt Aar-« 8; will b« re
pjaoed as soon as practicable.
Cmpcua. River entrance. pag» 44 — Inside bar
boor, a PS. seceod-class nun. reported julrtft
Aansn 7; will b* replaced as soon as prac
t!cabi*.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
C'clonbl* Rlrer. pares Cl aad 62— Reeder
rrosdng bcors Noa. 2. 4, « and 1. each a
Crrt-class spar, th« thre* farmer red and the
Utter black, discostinued during th* Jon*
freshet, were replaced Jaly 3L
Cooa Isiard ctanr.e!. pages C2 aad 63 — Jaly
31 th* following changes were made to ea
sbie resscis to clear the snsken Jetty at
Coco IaUad:
Cooa Island ehassel fceoy Ko. 2. a red
Crst-claes cpstr, was reaanibercd "V" and a
new Ko. 2 spar buoy, of sain* color and claw,
was established lr 21 feet of water.
Tar*rea« to Matthews Pclr.t-.ESE. 3-4 E.
VlllazBcCtc Klver light boas* SE. by S.
P-'-T-t tangent to Cocn TsiarMt
NW. by W. l-» W.
Coca IzUafl chaszel bucy No. 4, a red
f ret-c'-ajw spar, was catabUshed .1b 20 teet
•f wt ter.
Targeat to Katta*wa Point E. 5-9 S.
•wai*m«Ue Rfrer Ught hoose..eSE. *-4 E.
ttSgbt tarrerrt to Cboo Island.. NW. 1-4 W.
WASHINGTON.
Eagle Ha.-bcr, p*c» 75 — Eaglt Harbor said
Crude OH for Hawaii.
Tfc» fcarkentlse FcUertae was cleared yes
trrtXY tar Kaiulal, Hawaiian Island*, with
? ">¦ .'¦ A gaUcas of crude oil in bulk vajned at
XTXVS OF TIIE OCEAX.
"'MMttrrs of Interer-t to a»I
Shipping Mfrt-hanr*.
* Th» British ship Earl of Dunrnor* !» char
tered fcr general rr^Txbandise frota this p*3rt
X-3 Ltverpool or London at 23» 9=5.
The Chilean sh!p Curzcn (at Blak»leT> will
load lumber there for Valparaiso {owner's ac
• The b«i* Arjile Joacsoa returns ta Honolnfti
¦» ¦= geocrsu cargo.
Llnrrs to Sail To-Day.
Tb* Oceanic Steasistip CcrnpaEy* ¦ liner Ven
1 tsr» win «a.n at 2 o'clock tils afternoon f;r
Hoee>i:n tad the Antlpodwr. She wiU carry
a large ncniier of passengers for.Honotula
i.-i inwnt r.-r throcgn p&sseegers will be
rr_a=y prcsiizstit eclcniais
Tbt Dcric. which will sail at 1 o'clock for
th* ¦.-.?.-.:. will take seventy-C'.-e cahla pas
'senrera, thirty Japajiese and seventy-five Chi-
B*se. Of her 4">-> tons of cargo not a pound
*J« destlaed fcr any port wlrhtn the war xone.
Her freight isclodes 20O) toes at floor and
' ISA toes of lead. Arcscg th^ Doric's pas
vtngers » -.:: be ciasy missionaries.
Siberia Due To-Dav
Tb* Pacific Mail Ctoecpacy's big ll=er Si
beria. Captaia J. Tremaine Smith, is due this
Kerning from the Far East. She is bringing a
!arr* mnuber d paLMersT*. azaocj; them about
P?ty Crises* bound for tbe St. Louis Expo
¦itiod
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. .
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
th* city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. AUGUST IS.
Sun rises 5:27
Sun sets 7 ;t»
Moon sets 11:33 p. m.
0 iTlinef I Time' ITiaei jTlmei
£ j 1 -Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft. I i Ft.
f ',H Wj !L W[ |H W| |L W|
IS I 5:3S! XS'10:40! 2.61 S:14i 5.3! ¦
|L WJ |H Wl iL Wj H Wj
19 j 0:13; 0.6j 6:50j 3.9;11:4£[ 2.Si U:12i 5.4
20 ! 1:17! 0.3' 8:13 4.1112:54 2.9! 7:L'li 5.4
21 2:13j O.li 9:13) 4.3J 1:56) 3.1| 8:10* 5.5
2^ 1 3:0Ci 0.1!10:02! 4.3J 2:50| 3.0f 8:O4| 3.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the eaxiy morning tides art given tn the left
har.o column and tbe successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; T h f
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to tbe soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
giver, is subtracted from the depth given by
tbe charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of th« lower low waters.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCH
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Augaat 17.
Stmr George W. Elder. Randall, 61 hours
from Portland, via Astoria.
Sunr F. A. Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodrers.
Stmr Bonita, Preble, 6$ hours from San
Pedro.
Star Del Norte. Payne, 35 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick. 5 days from Port
land, via Coos Bay 2*-j daya and Eureka 24
hours.
Stmr Arr», Dunham. 27 hours from Eel
River.
Ncr stmr Tltania, Foyn, 1C2 hours from Na.
nal=o.
Ger bark Ostertek, Petereea, 79 days from
Newcastle. NSW.
Schr Besaie K, Stark, 10 hoars from San
Vicente Landing.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, August 17.
Stmr Corona, Gtekrw. Eureka; Pacific Coast
S S Cn
Stair State of California. Nlcholsoa. San Die
go and way ports;- Pacific Coast S £ Co.
Bktn Fullerton. McKechnie, Kahulul; Unloa
Oil Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, Angnst 17.
Sttnr F. A. Kilburn, Thompson. Port Rodgers.
Stmr Mag?ie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
rrrr.r Arctic, Nelscn. Eareka.
Stinr Rival. Fosen. Eureka.
Stmr Arcata. N«l«on. Coos Bay.
Stmr Mandalay. Smith, Eureka.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorgensen, Eureka.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. Eureka.
Stmr Fulton. Panier. Hardy Creek.
Stmr Briinswick. Ellefson. Fcrt Bragg.
Schr Cocjuelle, Spring. Oocnilte River.
Schr We^foot. Lewis. Cocs Bay.
Schr Guide. Otsen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Jenste Griffin, Gibson, Bolinas.
Schr lAzzle Frlen, HanMo. Coquille Rfver
Schr Bessie K, Stark, San Vicente Landing
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug. 17, 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 12 mile* per hour
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug Id — Stmr Santa. Ana.
for Vald»z.
REDONDO— Sailed Aug 17— Etmr Brooklyn
for Pert Lo« Arureles.
Sailed Aug 17 — Stmr James S. Higgtns, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 17 — Stmr Santa Barbara, from
Seattle, via San Fraaciaeo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Aug 17— Ger shin
Henrtette. for Port Plri«; schr Ethel Zane,
for Ban Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Aag 17 — Boar Mem
hence An* IS. °T^
Arrived An* 17 — Btmr Eureka, heac* Anj
14. -
Sailed Aog 17— Stmr Booth Bay, for g^a
Pedro.
Sailed Ang 17 — Etmrs Pomona and Frentlaa.
for San Francisco. "*¦
SAN DIEGO— Sailed An* 17— Br ship Hart
fleld. for Puc«t Sound.
-ASTORIA— Sailed Ang 1»— Schr Cbramerce
for Manila. . " lo « 1^.
Arrived Ang 17— Stmr AurelU, hence Aux
13- stmr Columbia, hence Ang 15. , .
Arrived ABg 11— Stmr WhitOer. hence Ac*
14.
SaUed Ang 17— Sear Virginia, for San Fran
8AXTA BARBARA— Sailed An* K— Stmx
Cfcos Bay. for San Pedro. v^gHRa
BELLTNGHAM— Arrived Aoj 17— Stmr
Rainier, from Seattle.
PORT HARTORD— Safled An* 17 Stmr
Cooa Bay, for Sao Pedro.
PORT, LUDLOTT— Arrtv«d An* IT— Bktn
Kllkitat. from Peel Gambia.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. j Dae.
j
Lafcse I San Pedro !Au*. IS
Coronado Grays Harbor [Aug. 19
Poraoca I Hnnbcldt |Aus. IS
Fan Jose j New Ycrfc via As.v.s.. Auar. 14
Point Art na. . { Mendocino & Pt. Arena! Aug. 18
Facta P-isa.. i San Dieco 4 Way Fta.JAu«. IS
Redondo j PcrxLacd St Astoria iAng. IS
Siberia China. Sc Japan !Au*. 13
3. Klggina... . San Pedro ;Auf. 13
Qr:^n ! Fugtt Sound Ports SAug-. 13
Er.terrrlse.. i Hllo Aug. 13
Eureka '. HuzaboMt I Aug. 1J
E. Hcsica. i San Pedro !Aug. U
Nevadac | Honclu.'n & Kahulul. . .jAus. 20
Cooe Bay i Sat Pedro * Way Pts.:Au«. 20
Hatior J Hambura; * Way Ports. JAug. 20
Chehalls ' San Pedro jAc^. 2i>
Ceatraiia. I Grays Harbor ;Au«. 21
Arctic i Huraboldt auj. 21
Corssa j Hnsboliit 'Aus. 21
S. Barbara.. .j San Pedro ;Au$. 22
Arcata j Coos Bay Jk Pt. Orford.'Ac«. 22
Stat* of Cal.. San Diero A. Way Pts.!Augr. 22
Centecdal ... I Seattle & Taconxa | Aus. 22
Coltbntia j Portlacd & Astcrla. . . . Aug. 22
North Fork.. ' Huroboidt 'Aug. 22
Anro Eel RSver Ports Aug. 22
Mackinaw... Tacorr.a ;Attj. £2
Elizabeth Co<;t:1!]- River Aug. 22
Breakwater.. Coo« Bay jAus. 23
Poem Point Arena & Albion, i Aug. 23
Alameda Honolulu [Aug. 23
AureUa Astoria & Portland {Aug. 24
Bonita ( Newport & Way Ports. j Aug. 24
City Puebla.. j Fu?tt- Sound Ports |Aug. 24
City Paaaica.i New Ycrk via. AEcon..lAng. 2*;
P.ai=ier | Seactie Sl Bemrgaaaj. |Aug. 24
Curacao j MrrLcan Ports I Aus. 27
G. W. Elder..! Pcrtland tc Astoria [Aug. 27
TO SAIL.
Steamer. { Destination. ! Sails.] Pier.
August 17. ! [
Toled» Enreka & Crc*. Cyi 4 pm'Pier 2
Iaatia Hunbctdt | 2 pra'Pler 2
Auyast 18. 1 I
Newbsrg... Grays Harbcr 1 4 pm'Pler 10
Ee«j«>ia. Haroor ... 12 cs.Pler 20
Ventura Sydaey ic. Way 1 2 cm: Pier 7
Dcric : China A. Japan 1 ptni Pier 40
Urnatill*. ..( Puget Soar.d Ports 11 am 'Pier 9<
St. Paul 1 Nome A St.Michael; 2 pm^'Pler 13 '¦
G. LIndauer Gray* Harbcr ! 5 pra'Pler —
Pcnio Pt. Arena & Altleni 6 ptajPier 2
State at Cal San Diego & Way.i 9 amjPter 11
Argo Eel River Ports...! 4 pm'Pler 2 1
Anfiut 19. I I
Alliance Eureka & Cooa B. 5 pniiPier 1«
Breakwater; Co<a«' Bay direct.'... 5 pmPier S
Bcnita > Newport & V/ay... 3 amIPier 11
AUfUXt 30. I •
G. TV. Elder! Astoria & Portlandill amiPler 2*
City Pekir.g ! N. Y. \"ia An<xn.!12 =!P!er 40
Pt. Ar^na.-i Point Arena ( 4 pmjPier 2
Redondo 1 Astoria & Portland! (t pmjPier - ,
P^rricra . ! Hprnboldt !l:3Op'Pier 9
Ctehalia... i Gtays Harbor. | 2 pmiPler 2
E. Jiocica. . I Grays Harfcor ! 4 pm'Pler 2
Acrust 31. I I
Eureka j Htrraboldt I 9 am!PIer 13
E. Rc&a I San Dicro A Way.i 9 tmP)«r 11 ;
Ortralla... Los Angeles PortsJlO amiPler 10
Angnst 23. I I
Coranado... Grays Karbor ....I 4 pmSPter 10,
AUf^Ut 23. ![
Coos Bay..- San Pedro & Way.} 0 amlPler 11
Manchuria. China & Japan....! 1 pmiPier 40
Queen Pi2g»t Sooad Portsfll am'.Pier !) '
Corona Humbcldt il:30pfPler 9
An^nst 34. 1 [
Elizabeth.. OxjullU River ....! 5 psalPier 20
Arcata Cbos B. ft Pt. Orfd'lO am-Pier 13 :
Arctic Humbddt j 9 ami Pier 2
August 25. f I
North Fork. Hunboldt | S pmiPler 20
Colombia.. f Astoria & Portlandill amJPIer 24
Nrradaa... Heae. A Kahulul. |I2 miPlcr 23 ,
Aumst 27. I [ ;
Alameda... Hono7ula fll amlPler 7
San Jo«e..' N. Y. tU Ancoa..|12 mlPler 40 I
Centennial.^ Beattte 4k Tacam.l 5 pmiPler 20 1
Rainier J SeatOe A B-Unghml 4 pmiPier 10 J
Aurella Astoria A Portl*adil2 mlPler 27
i August 28. !
OtyPaebla. ' Pcget Sound Ports, 11 agjjPltr 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Staaaer. Destination. } Sails.
Faralloa Sju. *way A Way Port..] Aug. W
dtyTopeka... Ekagway A Way Ports. Aug 19
Doiphtn Ekagway A Way Ports. Aul 22
CJty&eattU.. Skagway A Way Port* lAajr -?
Roavaoke Nome A Et. MlctaeJ.. Auj* 2S
Santa Clara. . Valde* A S«ward Aug* *r
Senattfr Ncrae Aug" 30
Erc«l«ior SeldsrU A Way Porta. Sept.* 1
Victoria.;-... I Ncmt A N. E. Slberta. Sept. j
TATOOSH— Passed Auj 17 — G«r ship Hen
riette. from Port Gaable. for Port Plrle.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Au? 17—
Stmr Brooklyn, from Redondo, and sailed for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Aus 17— Schr Mary
E. Foeter. from Port Blakeley.
Sailed Anr 17 — Stmr Lakme. for San Fran
cisco: schr Caroline, for Vmpqaa.
PORT MADISON— Sailed Au« 17— Schr 3in
dred. for San Pedro.
BANDON— Sailed Au* 17— Schr Advance, for
San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrtvtd Auk 17— Ft bark
Cambroane. from Cardiff.
Sailed Aagr 17 — Stmrs Argyll and Alameda.
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Ang 18— Stmr Yuca
tan, from Colon.
Sailed Au* IS— Stmr Alliance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived Aut 10 — Br stmr Em
press cf India, from Vancouver.
RIO DE LA PLATA— Arrived Aus 16— Br
•tmr Coyo. from New York.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Jaly 27— <3er
bark Earmbek, from Hamburg.
ACAPULCO— Arrived Aug 2— Br ship Meol
tan. from Newcastle, Aus.
ANJER — Passed Aus ItS— Br stmr Rlverton,
from Norfolk, for Manila.
PERIM — PassM Auy 1« — Br stmr Richmond
Castle, from Yokohama, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug- 4— Jap stmr Kan
acawa Maru, for Seattle, via Victoria.
CORIXTO— Salted July 23— Ger stmr Ha
thor. fcr San Francisco.
DOVER— Passed Aug 1(5— Br «hip Colonial
Empire, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug li— Ger ship Hen
riette. for Port Los Aacsle*.
HAMBURG — Sailed Xng 14— G« stmr Menes.
for San Francisco.
CHEMAIN'US— Arrived Aug; 14— Br ship 01
tvebank, hence Jaly 21.
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Sailed An* 15— Br ship
Dalcatrnle. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK — Arrived Anjr 17 — Stmr Barha
rosBa. from Bremen: »tmr Hekla, from Co
jwnhaRen: «tmr Oceanic, from LJverpooL
Arrtve.1 Auc lT^tmr Lombanila. from
Genoa and Naples.
Failed An* 17— Stmr Nord America, for Na
plea ana Genoa; stmr Majestic, for Liverpool:
stinr United States, for Chriatlansand and Co
penharen.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived An* 14 — Btmr Hel-
IlgolaT, from Ne-ar York. vU CnnstUnsand.
ANTWERP— Arrived Aua; 17— SUnr Swlu
erland. from Philadelphia. • j
LIVERPOOL— A rrired Auj 17— Stmr Michi
gan, from Boston; s*mx Weaternland, from
Philadelphia. Tta Qtte«nstown.
NAPLES — Sailed An* 16— Stmr Prlni Oskar.
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Auj 17 — Stmr Iver
nia, from LlTerpooJ. tor Boston.
DOVER— Arrived Auy 17— Stmr Pennsrrra
nla. from New Turk.
Son, Moon and Tide.
The Pacific Matt Company is setting
bravely over the war scare, and when
the liner Manchuria sails from here
Atjs ast r3 she v.-ill have stowed in her
holds cargro for Japs.n of a quality and
quantity to make the new steamship's
maiden voyage of considerable interest
to the Russian naval authorities.
0 As long as the Doric v.as in port and
in a position to receive freight all ship
ments for ports in the war zone were
refused. The Doric is loaded, and to
<iay at 1 o'clock will sail for the Far
Hast with a large carro shipped at regr
•ular freight rates. There is rich profit
in carrying contraband, or even ques
tionable cargo, and the Manchuria is
to reap the first haxvest.
She is now loading larg-e quantities
of jsteel for Japan, and tn addition is to
carry machinery and foodstuffs, includ
f^C-a large shipment of barley.
The Manchuria will have room for all
the Japanese freight offering at pres
ent, so the Aztec, which was to have
taken a part cargo here, will go in bal
last" to Portland, where she will load
for Japan.
[ spit buoy No. 1. a tlack third-class can. found
I ost cf position, was replaced July 25.
Hale Passage. pa*e S2— Point Migrley bucy.
a HS. second-class nun. was erroneously re
ported adrift Jaly 19.
By crier of the Light House Board.
C. G. CALKINS.
CcmraaEiier. IT. S. N.
L!£ht House Inspector.
Movements of Steamers.
i. •-. at noon of th* 120th meridian, or at
8 p.m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. 5. N.. In chars*.
BRITISH SHIP ERACADALE •WHICH ARRIVED TUESDAY NIGHT FROM NEWCASTLE. AUSTRALIA. SHE LEFT THB
ANTIPODEAN COAL POP.T A FEW HOURS AHEAD OF THE GERMAN BARK OSTERBEK. WHICH REACHED
HEP.E YESTERDAY. HALF A DAY LATER THAN THE BRITISHER.
The Looiiiana R. G. Company of San
Francisco.
• ORGANIZED MAT. 1900.
TO THE PUBLIC!'. BEWARE OF COTJN
TKRFEITS:: All renalne tickets of this com
pany have Initials R. G. Co. on faces and mon
ogram R. G. C. an backs thereof.
Following are the Capital. Prises as decided :
by the Honduras National Company, Saturday, i
August IS. 1SO4 : No. 12.WS wins $7500. gold
tn dan Francisco. Cat; No. 70.43D wins $200O.
POM in Oaklar.<l. Cal.; No. 3318 wtns $10i)O. !
sold in San Francisco. Cal.; No. 73.125 wins ;
*MO. eold In Stockton, Cal. ; No. 59,374 wins '
$230, soid in San Francisco, Cal.; No. »4.5«5
wins 5230, »dd tn Fresao, CaL
The R, G. Company paid to Frank M.
Stamper, 47 We»t Ro«« st. Stockton. Cal..
9TS0O <iO fcr wiioLe tlck*t No. ta,3m, drawing
Jaly 2S. 1004; to I. F. Morris. 4WS J st.. Sac
raments. Cal.. for client, $375O 00 for on*- half
ticket No. 70,713. drawls? July 18, 19O4; to
Samoel L. Beary. for L. Jennincs. Portland,
Or.. ' $10>jO CO for one-half ticket No. 59.4:5.S.
clrawlny July lfl. 1904; to M. J. Blackman.
124$ Devisadero at., San Francisco Cal.,
$625 CO for one-half ticket Xo. 19.2*7, drawing
July SB, 1904; to A. A. Lobree. 217 First st..
San Francisco. Cal., '$'525 Of} for one-half ticket
No. 19,297. drawin* July 28, 1904. •
The Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco.
- ESTABLlHKiiU JUUAKI, 18ST.
SPECTAL NOTICE TO TH£ PUBU
Owiny to the fact that numerous schemes
are olaced before the public from time to
time we would respectfully call the attention
of purchasers of tickets to buy only from
responsible agents and to see that their tickets
read as follows:
THB ORIGINAL. LITTLE LOUISIANA COM-
PjLNT OF SA>i FRANCISCO. ESTAB
LISHED JANUARY. 1S87.
Each coupon baa the initials M. & F. on the
fao and baci of the ticket.
The following ere the capital prises a* de
cided by the HonJuraj National Company.
Aag-tm 13. 1004: No. 12.943 wins 975CO 00.
¦old In Saa Francisco, Cat.; No. 70.453 w!n3
$2000 CO. sold In Saa Francisco. CaL; No.
331* wins $1CO»> O>. sold In San Francisco. CaJ. •
No. TO.123 wins $5CO 00. sold In San Francisco,
CaL ; N'os. 50,378 and Ut. .>:.", each win $230 00,
•old in San Francises, Portland. Or.: No«
34.233. 60.593, T2.OC5. 7S.3T3 and 76.104 each
win $100 0>, sold la Sacramento and Saa Fran
cteco, CaL
The* followtnff capital prizes were paid by
the abore M. A F. Co, tor July Its. 1901:
Charles Klnael. Itnuor *tore. 14S S«cond it?.,
San Francisco. Cal.. $3720 00- Marie Hardt.
919 Hyde st.. San Fraacisco. CaL. J37SO 00:
Henry Schade. grocery, 1S11 Market st.. San
Francisco, Ca!.. I1C0O CO; Mrs. X. McCarthy,
34 H, Tehama st.. San Francisco. Cal.. $1000 00;
Hans Carl Hansen. steamer Rainier, residing
at 3751 Twenty-third st.. San Francisco. Cal..
$300 CO; William ". Bowen. linotype oc*rator.
131*4 Jones «t-. San Francisco. Cal.. $30O «3O:
D. Lammen. 3317 Twenty-third »t., San Fran
elaco. Cal.. WOO 00. •
BUENOS AIRES, Aug. 17.— Refugees
from Asuncion, the capital cf Para
guay, declare that the conditions there
are Insupportable. All business has
been suspended, the streets are desert
ed and only the patrols are visible.
They say the revolution, is spreading
and that It is believed that the Gov
ernment will not offer serious resist
ance to an attack on^ the capital.
General Ferrera, the leader of the
revolution, probably haa been declared
President.
Cannonading was heard last night
near, Asuncion, but there is no definite
aewssthat the capital I3 being bom-
Belief Is Felt That Serious
Resistance to Attack on
Capital Will Not Be Made
REVOLUTION SPREADING
Refugees From Asuncion
Declare That Conditions
There Are Insupportable
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co
~'m (LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Numbers Class "H" Drawn at
Puerto Cdrtez, Honduras, C. A^
Saturday, August 13, 190 1.
No. Prise. 'No. Prlie.iNo. PrlS^
26..... lCf.131 15| 34« 16
3«1 24! 2(53 2i[ 377. 18
436 24| 4Oi 40i 54S l(t
'7C« 41.H 590 ltj! 1019 IS
1042 16f 1127 16i 1370 12i*
1571 40| Itfl9 It5f 171* *>
1723 24| 1737 40J 1779 40
1943 24j 1U-J4 24| »MM..... lit
2257..... 24; 2342 IS- 236« 40
2J27 1«| 2tS9..... 24{ 2724..... 16
29SS *i 40i 3t^l 24j 313O W
331« 400Oj 3518 . 16| 35J9..... 2»
3SS1..... 40) oi)5<> 120| 41J4 21
4143 24) 4233 24 f 4506 1<*
4549 24j 459<i 16[ 473<> 4O
475»..... 24( 4s«0 16j CO43 18
5221 24; 6*H 1«S( 54dl 4»
5021 80j 6597 16j 57*> 1«
M12..... 120) 53oS ltft «5011 16
6U2S lb| fO31 4<Jj «OJ5 40
tiCS7 40J 6075 1«! 6087 24
61U© ltfi 6115 £4j t>i."S SO
62C5 lSj Cl'CO ltt! «U18 40
6410 40; 64UU 24j 6CS5 16
67&O 4(/; CT'J2 2ij t>«77 1*
BU10 24, CJi3..... Vi\ 7</73 24
7104 24| 7219 16) 7222 24
72S5 16, 7477..... 16; 7o&9 IS
77W> 4t>t 77S« lCj 7579 24
73*1 16; bO17 1BJ 6U2 40
SJL*S * 2i S2VJ Xt>i S:£H 1«
6420 S»i «M 1«J| »5»5 ltt
tXiDS 1C S71S Kit S7i2 2*
S772..... l«i S-SOa 4i:| S9T2 SJ
!>^t> lt>l 'j\'J.ti 24, tT>75 1*
9i9a..... SO; 93-1.... . 1«, 95at> 16
9«1 l«i UC45 1^0714 24
SS60 24! CS7S lOj Sl»u3 .SO
9041 l^WilO-ttt 24|Hr^»6 40
104;» ttJjl(H74 lGilOlJO. ;... 80
1C5-IS 24I10CJ5 2l,l«''>^i 1<J
lOtttti lCi • |
Uui*' Stt.lCMOl 4O)1CS5« 24
1CJ34 ltt.lOyol 4O,lCy00 40
11056 18;irEJ5 ieill2SS ltf
1144S • 4011572 lt>|
11711 16I11T22 lt> U756 16
11TW l»i;il'jC9 lti;ll-^.'l ltl
lr_59 W.liUtJ ltl;12;»5 ltt
121MJ 21,:i 1 C:j5 24,l2Ct5 80
12327 24,12X44 24>12D4« SOOOO
12aM 24il2lR)0 4Cil311tt 1*
K27S 1«,1.J3C3 24 103it! 4O
13441 I«{l35«2 40il^ial 8O
13«19 11V.1U75S 1b 137S2 16
13S85 16JIJUC2 40jt31W«> 1»
14<i:J7 4i>,i-lu7l) 16 141C-' 1«J
142K0 !Cil4;iO2 24114379 40
144C8 16i 14443 16^4744 lrt
151B7 24I15.J42 24,15447 16
15492 lttj 15497 4t>;i5<»S>7 40
15601 40 150SM li};lt>4.SS 40
1B535 8O|i«i:r7 SCijlWK) SO
16711.- .. lei 16734 .*.'..-. 24^(^40 12O
168«4 24|lCbW..... 24!l««9» 24
1731U SO:17.>22 4'>;173SS 120
17051 1U.17635 If5il7e37 14
17S«X> 241TS24 24J17SS1 40
17017 4l>,17;Ht> . 40|173iS 40
1S011 lb|lSul5 24.1S2C8 8O
1,^231 UTISWS 10tlSS23 24
1ST,«34 16j1h7-JO leflSSCS * ltt
19C3«i 16ilki2&3 ia;19317 ltt
ie.-»o it;iiB^e7 2* ia:>74 2t
1HI39 24,19501 16;i«J£57 ltJ
1!>751 lU,l'J77tt «H2«C19 2i
2t<S-8 24.20334 24 20467 40
20^*8 l«|2Ctf?.{ iei2Oi49..... 1»>
2C4J.S1 24!"114«t 24.21IC9..'... 1*1
211S1..... .242125^ I6i21426 24
21570 10:21645 24 {21674 Ill
21*^5 K5.21V58 lti:219S4 40
zip<2 m,22f>i ie,2^>4 in
22:»>?» 40*22433 24 225C7 2*
225:15 24,22w)l 1U-227CS SO
227»i2 :i'22Sti4 2t;i2»*2 10
23152 24I2319S 24,23251 60
2Ti2fll 16.2:C,7t 1C23479 K>
23434 24;23388 Itt23*15 24
Z.&A 40123914 1S2411S lit
2*211 4»;24223 24.242SS 24
2437J« 24 24«0 16,2«7» 11
24550 1», I
24C69 SO245S9 13;24«57 KJ
24729 16;'24Jis2 40,25005 4->
25245 St> : 2335S IS 25407 24
25439 1S;C3«1 1«25«43 lrt
257S6....*. 40-25*43 16 23S63 1C
28042 I«.2«lt5i> 2*:2«22« 4.1
2*269 24 23334 4* 2642l> '. 2*
2S453 4» ! 2>«^»> IS 25473 24
26572 18125357 16j2S70« 1«
2C7S7 1^2879* £0 2<iS34.:... 24
2«SS3 • 24:26981 120 27045 24
27114 1CS27U3 SO271S3 40
27259 1&;27344 1«'27375 1C
27513...;. SO27S49 24.Z7600 4'>
27C19 2427855 16,27751 24
27786 16j27S«3 24;2S093 24
28111 1«;2SI75 16 25355 J 24
2S430 242S4«4 10:2S8'« 1«
2S043 16:28832 40 2S92r> 15
29154 SOi2&248 16:29413 24
2W72 1(5 29476 24.296*!) 40
29610 242TV571 18i29»574.. ... 4i>
29S2S 24;30«>14 80,30128 SO
SOI 43 16&1233 1« S0319 40
S&42S 12O;3O4!47 1S3033O L 80
S07C1 l«,3O>*74 24 30SS* 8<»
31192 4O!«19S 8«>.31222 IS
31240 241314W 80)31903 40
319O4 ie!31»SS 403*JWi5 24
S2199 40 3225.1 24 322t» I«
324S9 1832432 40I323C? 24
S2«W» 1«132U15.;... 40132S21 1«
32S72 ... 8O ! S2!ViO SO! 3292 1 IS
33021 SO!33C2S 4O '.33062 16
33O53 24S33123 l«;331.">3 21
S3175 1«.T1241 4<V332S2 12:>
33545 1633675 120 ! 337<>4 1C
23771 80)33775 16:33837 . 120
32960 16!339r.7 1« 1 '34004 IS
34022 1634239 400*34372 40
34403 1044*4 4O:34472 IS
34606 W34632 16:34723 24
3-IJ37 40i34S34 24 34927 16
349M 1635C12 24 '3.TC2S 16
35223 24i.T5243 12O'357S3 # . ... 16
55913 24i35>?16 l«;3rt!06 40
3621S 80!3rt5»tl 40:3«57» 1«
J85S8 16l.t67.SX 40 36791 1«
3(5931 . ?o:3«O4S 403B073 16
S7«5»..... 4O37137 16 37227 24
37242 24'37331.w.. 40I373M 24
3740K..... S»V37422..... 16437435 24
37449 2V375.T."; 40'37«t2 18
3774* 24^37834 16137S66 4O
ST«7f> 24 1
37992 S0M7944 24'3S227 40
3S252 1R;.1«4O9 24 ! 3S43^ 24
SS570 . 4ffl.VO4 24139129 40
S»4W» vy.WTW 1*39752 16
3979*..... I633S9S 24:39911 16
339S.1 24I4C011 16140055 SO
4CO79 24'400S9 1614<y!99 21
4O1KO 24:40179 l«4O19t> SO
4019.S 24!4O2St 40!404«S 16
40571 1S!«T7O1 2414CS2S. 16
40O17 ie|4trrl4 1«!41112 16
4tX?4 1«'41.142 120141501 16
41521 4OU1«21 24'4175i> 24
41774 16J419S5 lfi-42193. ... . 16
4222S 18I423S4 16J42541 1U
4"3€5 .. 4lV4?5nO • l*5i42«O2 . 16
42774^.... 2»!42TC5 MI43O38 24
4.-?07S . Irti4in«9 l«'4313t 40
43197 4W432C* 4AI43250 16
43275 24:43304 18} 43473..... 40
4?J!07 «<V4X-il'* lf5!4.VCW..... 16
43704 16;4.T7C0 16:43729 24
4376S 24!4.1R«.;... I«!4.t9^5 4O
4»<V/> 24!442*rr 1*44372 16
44395. 4(H144.«7 l<?:4+«r!S 16
447*5 1«44.<»4O. 24144*47 16
44S51 24'+1909 40(44941 16
44SM 16!45t717 4Oi*5O33 40
45075 24:431S» 24145199 24
45:31 ' 40145368 80(45384 lfl
454C«> WI45445 24;t35J5 m
45C29 2t r 457«3 4n|458C» 24
45M>> 1W45041 40' 16131 ..... 24
4l«7ff 16f4(MCO 1«'4«62..... SO
46S5rt 1«14<?«W 16i4flfi«i> 24
4S72S..... 24U0771 16: t5S41 80
4rtS73 4C?4fl>e9 24147316 16
47342..... 16J474O* 1P47S20 16
47S49. 16I4«l»«t..... ¦ 24:4«232 24
4.S299 241453^3 13(45523 • 16
4S5S1..... 24;4Sfi34. 1«4S<J73..... ' 24
4STSd 1«I45W25..... 12O|4?3?87 40
4SS7Q ift^S-T: 24 : 40O47 40
4.W73...... 24H9117 2*i4915l 80
49153 80(49231 24143346..... 24
4!U4S..... 24'4»474 40!t95ai 40
49542 24149555...;. 18149331 18
4f*W« 16f4a87O.-...1 ' 4ei49017 40
SCfm 1*50128 . 18160233 16
50241..... 16150372 40<5fl416..... 16
5OWI. I«5«>n5 «0[3C«4t 16
5OM4.. 16.;3'Ws'».»... l« ! '50S4£>;.... .40
5TS79..... 24ISC967 80(51091 16
31103. :.v. 24;51219 24:51351...... 2*
51555 24»516S5..... 24 '52062... •.. 120
52CSO 1«152<>?2. .... 16152086 16
52126 16152303 l«i523O7 16,
523*55..... 40152325 24:52921 lfl
5.T045 40*M253..... 24:53250. 16
53313 40153422..... 40;535G) 16
83576.-:... 16^53875 4O:53«7« 24
537S3..... 24'53S06 16I53SM4 16
53S71 . 16!53914..... 40(53982 16
54C81 4OJ541O5..... 24:54167. .... 16
54268 1(^542S5 .' 40(54301..... 16
M354 1«<54567..... 16)545« 16
64«81 4015460!?....-. 16!54««1 16
54710 1«15472<$ l$54S5fl. ... . 2t
54028 40I54934; 80] 550CO. . . . . 2«
55C11;;... iet5519O..... 40i552nri 16
SS556 80*55W¥>..... ' 1« 55892..... 16
55&71.....' 80)56080..... 40*5«e5..... 16
8«3S7.':.V.-.- J rl«3«83«, 16I563S3..... 80
CW04..... 24)36780 16i5*W3C go
87042....: 24157150..... 24572C! 24
57250..... 2*157253..... lf5!57302..... 16
5731S..... 24!57in2..... 24^J7«75 16
57705..... 4OJ57775..... 80I5S114...... 19
5,«123 40-; 3*274..... ' 16i 58296..... 16
(W30<>..... 16I5S452 40(58454..... $O
W3..... 24158918;.... ie'39136..... «O
56139..... 16158376...'.. 10COi594*l..... . 24
56582..... 1 SO! SOeH..... 24I50SS7. 80
€0f!23 .... . 16I60034.;... IC60C51 -4
60102.,... 1RJ60152..... " 24 fiO15«. . . . . 16
«tt>24S .... 4Oi«5C35«..... 24liiria»»..... 24
60384...-. l«i'R0403 241CO441 19
«*?!..... .l«t«OSIW ' 4f)«60«7i;.-..-. SO
60715..... I6I60732.-....- l»6074S.; . 1«
60921. ..;; wnfn" te;<nmi..... 40
dl77...... 2llei223 80i61239..... 24
FEAR TO STAY
IN PARAGUAY
*-»- FiiM.t.Vo. • Prta*.Q«t. Prts»
O238 . 16IB12T2 S4;*13O3 **
613^5 1W«SS4  ¦*«>
61535 itHniSBO 1«|«714 4O
0l»54 24:6=0*4 2*i«2127 S»
62155 24162179 24,«r.T>3 *O
«2379 80jC47J l«,(C701 24
«2707 lrmsrrSS 40(62991 S4
6£y«2 1B|6»>1« 40iCtO£l 1*
SS043 24i«Ct>S3 la;«3124 1*
63201 24:«3241 40fti33U3...... 2i
63214 sf.|*ai3 lttiSHOe..... . 1«
634Si 4O>SM» hOtZW IS
'¦ ««C19 SOi«S&52..... 24.4J7S4 1«
61532 I6,ttt!s3 l«|tt«l» 1<*
«433X 4O1&4S32 40 M*I7 80
•J46T2 24 t$4aS2 bt>'tH3T« 34
64*81 lCv.:64*»l 1» B5125 IS
6521S 40:S3393 16,6S«21 *4
«574« 4Oi«5.Ht)a 24,«oWS3 4«*
«T»W 24IWS037 lBie«123 t*
«C129 I«,«i237 l«i«3«>6 SO
6BMI 24.6C585 40,*M87 19
68312 fclf.66S13 l««7011 1*
«7t«j"..... 4U,(fTll« 11tiTlr» 1«
6720© »tt«T»H 24S731S 24
«ti»<3 24.67SOW 1457U4 IS
67548 l«t«7SS7 Hi-tfTOlO 94
6Ti»13..... S4i«812« l».ty;l*l 4O
«134 120«JS2T3 4^88342 1«
6&4S3 4Ot«9474 16 «519 IS
fcMJ iei>JS359 1««&<I21 4*
8S75O ltJ6S92T 24C3837 14
801S3 24 69173 1*.«J242 24
eacsa S4.ao4«2 40 «*»i^ t-;
6»TT<i H «»i72 24 69933 1* '.
S9383 SO.70O23 1670079 24
70201 40,70245 14!T0278 1» ]
70307 24;70439 *Q>M T'X^S IS
7C«04 40 70*49 13j70ft*» 24
70757 1»[7O«IU 4O>0#'O %»
709T9 4OI7CSS7 • SOi71185 40
711W 1671197 4071234 ltf
71372 43ul412 16,71434 l«l !
71507 1671374 24i7173S 24 1
71S73 1S!7200« 16.72O3 4O ;
72053 1672063 40o'72O«3 18
720S3 8<V7244O ; 24724U IS
72472 4Oi72513 4<>'7SS*4 IS!
72613 16 72£35 40*72719 1«
7277<J 24,72800 80 72925 24
7221« 4073249 18 73323 34
7S573 16 73401 W73flO2 24 1
73622 1«J 727*2 24 73S49 16
73588 16:7419S 4O;7*21S 4»
7424X 120 746*4 1^,74747 24
75116 1477.111 8<y733T5 4«» |
75440 16 73510 4*15*338 24 |
7.V>45 IS 73714 IS 73379 IS
78101 10:76104 400:76114 14
7C*«5 ICO'7671* l«:7«B0 24
7f»74 40.77230 1S:7734S BO
77SS1 1877307 24i77SM 1«
777<5S 24777(5* 40177842 16
77934. ifcT^OtS 1*78078 1«
7S130 1«'7SI?15 24;-*479 1«
7S4S© lS7«niS 24j7S«;7 24
7*342 14 : 7«XU 4ff?79<:'rt> 24
7S032 1&79OO 24 73125 J0OO
79194 16:792m 16732S7 40
7934S 1679383 24 794« 40
7934* 40:79368 1* 73730 24
79737 4O-79S42 4<5,79«W IS
79993 4O!Rnil» 24;«0t3» 4O
&**O • 4Q;.«OftA» 24 «f»O3 18
8O7fa 24Sf'94« 24 'W949 24
H247 1«;«1«27 1«S1«43 18
M709 401S1727 18'
S1752 i«:«i7<9 ictim..:... i«
82112 S0-..S2HS 1*»2332 16
S2547 l«; < «25e4 24'»2«70 4»
SC733 8O!S2!>t7 24:82923 24
8~533 l«S29iW 4O'«."W33 4O
830tn 24:«l«» 9O'«W4* 18
sxm 2»y«3» ic;«44o so
83382 40«*W2S 24l«W4* 40
S3«3 I6-'S.in7« 1H;«9«4 40
84150 18IS444S 24IM619 16
84650 1RJA4&C5 1S.S4773 16
S4S32 21 »4 < W1 16*3114 16
S5157 40?<*5M« ir,«722 40
R372S 1««3797..... 40JS60SO 16
8CCT7 l*i$f3S3..-.. 24 *£P.*> 16 1
St;-t4S 1«!SC471 4O(S«e38 **'
8«S72 £O;S7071 4O<S71«7 1* ¦,
872T17 24S7274 24 97219 24]
S7.^)7 ie:«i73O4 8017623 90
S-.e.e2 24:S7«* 2I,*S27S IB!
SS512 24 SSCCO 40t<iS722 16
8ST33 1K89CB9 16:«*7:i 14
SSO77..... 40!S91K» 16i»147 24
J»ni5» 24I.S3237 16,5a274 4O
S32S3 l«.*Srtlt 24 SO41S 24;
8rM75 16:«»S«S «O-«3*1S '40
P&S33 SO'.«9!VV5 24,90042 16
9CiD4 ifi-WOnS 2*90271 24
80.^3 2* (VH-K 24 96431 W
00172 It?9«i2l 24.90HS2 IS
W:C4ti 16I90S2S 4- r »'0Ofl71 l"i
91251 24918B5 24!91"9« 1«
01751 12ODI779 21 9t79B 24
91S54 lejKZtX...*. 24 32fifi3 18;
»2«15 lftftWKl....*. ie.51T7nT 16
J>2711 1C92770 80;9278l 21
«K>20 4C92S63 40-32S95 1«
B3€WO Iff93l2ft 2l'3.':i31 40
0.-J2SO I«;3.T2SJ> 1B.33412 18
•EUS8 4C:9.T553 1SJ03K21 24
8371S 40i9S754 lKSa^l 16
04024 249412« l«;94fc?rt 1*
942«7 24:»4472 1«I«WS« 10C«)
W'l-I SOi94«S.1 24'»4737 12rt
947o«; 16,94S5tl 4«5< < »IO14 24
94S6« 12095072 16 952S5 ;2*
»3.Ti5 24 O^MO 16:95300 16
055W1. .2495*^7 24 'W12 24
9met S011M134 40i»»n40 8O
9»>130 4O:9»rt77 l«;9«5534. .... ' 18
Wv«5 l«;o«5«J SO-iV^lT 24
9«B»2 24:97017 1&97«K> 24
97249 S48727O W.97403 4«
87546 2i97<-TX5 24 377Va 16
97*23 24 97S27 1K97*45 SO
07310 40-979P9 ie:3SCG2 80
S.S1W 24'3«215 1«!9-«251 ."4©
O^CThT 1C9S-T20 80t9S.1S0 24
flS.'aj S0 ; 9!*495 1S'9SSW 40
9S«T« 4r.9S«7« l«.r*«77« 4O
9s«l..... SO'Wv'yW 4098035 40
9<O44 4G19*»S1 l«'f»O12 . l«
9O10<> 24'r*0l?n l«r»22S 24
9<*3O4 40!0OSS2 24.99W2 24
90733 16,90978 80,90977 2i
approximate:* prizes.
ICO mmttMTi from 12SW to 1290S Incmstrw.
betn? 3*> numbers on e*cn «i.i-» at the nuaUc
drawir-s the capital prize of *3O.CCO. HO.
10O numbers frenx 703S9 U> TCU9 UtctasAv*.
beins 50 numbers each «i*l* of the number
drawing tlie capital prixe cf $S00O. $2t
1C0 nutabers from 32i3fJ to 336* ladartT*.
fc<?.r.s SO numbers on eacn stde of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000, $13.
TERJ41XAI* PRIZES.
9S0 numbers endins with ?*. bela* th« two
last firore* of the number drawi&ff the capi
tal prise of S30,Ott>. $S.
S» numbers ending with 39. belag tie two
last figures of th« number drasrisff tie »«cond
capital prize of fSCOO, $i.
The subscrfber having iupej»l»«d th* slngts
number drawing Class H. Honduras Nation
al Lottery Co.. hereby eertlnes that the above
are the numbers which were thts day drawn
from the 1CO.0UO placed la th* wheel with the
prizes corresponding to them. Witness my
hand at Puerto Cortes. Randsras. C. A., tils
Ss~>rda7. Argust 1.1. 1904.
(Signed) W. L. CABELU C«nmlssioscr.
$4C00 FOR SI— ONE-HALE* OF SECOND
PRIZE.
State of Cfcio. Hamilton County.
Atx» BTachsch!e«^r of th* city of Cincinnati,
county of Hamilton and State of Ohio, residing
at $16 V.". Ninth street la said city, being first
duly sworn, upen hi* oath deposes and says
that be Is the true and bona fid* ows*r of
one-half ticket No. 50438* Class G. In th*
Honduras National Lottery Company, which
number drew the second capital pris« of *?«**>
at the drawing held at Puerto Cortex. Hondu
ras. C. A., on Saturday. July 18, 1904.
(SlatB*d) ABS BLACH3CHLEOBB.
Subscribed and sworn to b«for« in* by th*
said Abe Blaehschleger this 23d day of July.
1904.
H. J. APPUNG. Notary PabUc.
Hamilton Ctounty,. Ohio.
I1CC0 FOR 23 CENTS — ONE- EIGHTH OB*
SECOND CAPCTAL PRIZE.
Sute of Missouri. City of St. tvu:».
July 2«. 1»C
J. Blttenblnder deposes and says that h* !»
a resident of St. Lools. Mo., asd Is employed
at the Kokea Barbers' Supply Company asd
that he U the- rightful cwaer of a one-«ig%(H
ticket of No. S9433 In the Honduras Natiocal
Company, which, la the drawing held
• on Saturday. July W. 1004. at Puerto Cortsx.
Honduras. C. A., drew th* secoad capital prise.
of $«<3C0.
<Sl*ned-> J. BliTKM BINDER.
Swcrn and subscribed befsr* m« thts WtJi
day of July. 1904.
HENRT J. EPACNHORST.
N<Jtary Pcbtie.
$2C0O FOR 80 CENTS — OKE-QT7ARTTR OT
SECOND CAP1TA1. PRTZS.
John TV". Green, being d-ory swara, d«p«s««
and aays that - he resides at 121 . CatunMt
s:r»»t. Boston. Mass.. and that he was hold«r
and rightful owner of eot-quarter «f ticket
No 5943$ which drew th« secoad capital
prize of fSOCO in the drawing cf th« Honduras
National Lottery Company. h#!d at Poert*
Cortes. Hoodsras. C A., oa Saturday. J«ly
18 1304. and that h« recelred th* money tn
full, without discount, en pr«seBtat!an to the
lor al ageat. -
(Slgsed.) JOHN W. GREEf.
Subscribed and sworn to before m« oa this.
th« 2«th day of July. 1304.
ALBERT GARCEAC. Notary Poba«.
$1000 FOR SO CENTS — ONE-QtTARTER Or
THIRD- CAPITAL PRIZEL
State of Missouri. City of St. Loots. I
' Jnty 25. 1904.
Albert J. Lohrum depocea and says that h*
resides at 1430 Salisbury street. St. Louis. Ma. |
and that b* Is the' rixRttril owner of a coe- ,
fourth ticket of No. • 9UCO ta the Hondsras 1
National Lottery Company, which fa tftair i
drawing held on Saturday. July 16. ldM at
Puerto Cortex. Honduras. C. A., drew tie tilrl
capita! prUe of $4C0O.
ALBERT J, tOHRCM.
Sworn aad stibscrlhed beXor* m« this 23th '
day ot July. 190*.
HENRT J. 8PAUNHORST i
Notary Public
Originals of th« fsrcgrtng affida-nts h«Id by '
the . President of Honduras National Lottery [
Company (Louisiana State Lottery Cbmpacj.)
TO MORTGAOE CHCHCH-— TS* Swedish
Evangelical Lutheran Ebcaexer Church wa»
granted permiswlon by th* court yesterday to
mortgage Its property at, tfce coraer of yi*.
teentn and Dolores streets far $7O<O. it ¦wa.m
rppreaented that it could reaaw a debt ax a
leas rate of tstcrtst.
LINER MANCHURIA TO TAKE
CARGO FOR JAPANESE PORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST IS, 1904.
7
ADVERTISEaiKNTS.
§ Your I
(OLD RAZOR
: antiqa«3. Ill give yea k^
» liberal /
atnocnt fcr J
_ " to apply
oa a onr
Razor. I've good Rxron as low
«si.ca i
STAR SAFETY RAZORS -
worth S2J0O— my price only $ 1 .SO.
I'm seWag a line POCKET
KNIFE for $1. €O. Several atyJea
of hanrtTrfc lacludicy pcarL
Srs my Use of cutlery— aU rery
choice it moderite prices.
Razors booed aad ground, honla j
25c. i \
MaU orders protcptly Cllsd, \
I "THAT MAN PITTS ]
F. W. PITTS. The Stattoaer. V
1008 XAXEET ST^ Op?. TtftX
EAX FRANCISCO.
visit DR. JORDAN'S oxxat^
{huseoq of amatohy^
a C|) t5a xAixir son. sttsrtt. sjt.x. a
0 /qJJ3| 3>>«»»J««««i»C5U». •u.pj-a^. &
6 J*3£?4 08- •aSUAJv-B'SEAiEJ OF KIH 0
\ I ©M>S C«-»il«l» »«• «c4 tertrtST srtr«t«. \
§ 1 l/'K 8 Tt»»ra«a» pcncwM? ot k* lirtsr. A a
\ fl mf S — 1*~n ¦ 11 ij iiiim<— tn *
Arm Bs ttrni br >mc. miLtaorsT ««
¦ if smA»siia«w. h«ilu vaavs. ul
0 DM. JOBBaS * f«.. t» Markat St.. «. r. Y
Q-^^^^^*^"^^ -^ 0
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.VA BTTTER3. THB
Great lln:tu R*m*dy: gtv*s a»*;ti maA
straegth u» s«xaal orgassw Dvpot. 323 ""'"'¦
OCEAX TRAVEL.
M^yr^^K. Steamers !#av» Broadway
yg«^«-«Cv wharves tpieTS 9 and U>,
/•rtfT Sa o rraadsco:
(0./ *BL» »> \-A\ For K-tchikan. W-M*-:.
1 I \VPl I J Jnne*a. Haloes, Skagoa?.
\\ \f$j*C\l I **•¦-•• Aia^kji-^il a. aj.. aj?.
Y*S. \J *>07 * 3 - 23' 2&> S«Pt- 2. Chan**
Vyvl _^0/ to this company's stssusers
N>| ' ***^ For Victoria. Vasee«r*«r.
Krt Townsead. SesittI*. Tacoen*. Everett.
B->:::nih*rr.— II s. m./ Aug. 13. 23. 23. S^n. 2.
Chin** at Sea.:U« to this Company's steasur*
for Alaska and G. I*. Ry. : *t Se««J* or
Tacoe*. ta X. P. Ry.; at Vaneo»»w t» C P.
Ry.
For Esreka <Ha=JbcMt B»7) — Ponoo*. 1:30
p. m., Aaa: 20. 28. 3«pt. I; Corona. 1:30 p. m..
AST. 23. 2». E«pt. *.
For -Los Angeles Jvla. Port Lo* Angeles an4
RcdsRdo). Ean r-i *tto and I Santa Barbara —
Santa Ros*. Suadaya. 0 a. en.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. a.
For Los Anet'ts fvi* San Pedro asd East
San Pedro), tar.:* Barbara, danta Ctbs. M n-
terey. Saa Slaseon. Cayuccs. Pert Harforl (Saa
Ln!# Ofclspo}. Veatara and Hneneme.
Bcnita. & a. c. Auz. 19. 27. Sept. 4.
C*-1 B*y, 9 a. rr... A«. 23. 31. Sept. &
For Erivnid.*, MagdaZeca Bay. San Jos« •»!
Cabo. MiuiUa. Altata. Ls> Pax. 9asta Ro-
saisa. Guaymas >M«x.>. lr, a. m.. T:h eaeb bo.
For farther Infarrnatlon cbtain foJder. Rlsht
Is reserved {3 chanc* steaaers cr sai'lsg dates..
TXCXXT OF7ZCXS— 4 New Montron>-
ery it. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st, aM Bro«J-
war wharves, rrelffit Oflet, io MArk*< *t.
C D. DC5?A3?N. G*n*n»l Pass«r;s;er Agent.
10 Market sc. San Francisco.
The Fa.--.rtc Transfer Ct.. 2f> Sottsr st. wfll
I call for and cttttit bagsajce frosa botets and
: residences. Tet?pnoo* Exchang* 31Z.
AMjuBJCA^T "LISTrT.
7?ym<ratb — C^crbec^r — SontluunTtoa.
Prom New York, Patordays. '»: :V> a. m.
N«w Tor* Aqs;. 27|?hila<ielshia. ..Sept. 18
St. Paul S«pt. 3 Germanic S#r>t- IT
ATLaSTIC TBAHS?OET U3TX.
•2T*w T«rk— Zioadan Dirsc-t.
Mlnaetcnka. Aug. 27. t:^> a. ia.
il.'naehaha S^t 3. U •» ta.
Minneapolis S«pt. 10, * a. a.
Me«aba '^Illill Sept. 17, 9 a. m.
OO3DSI0S LrjTE.
KcatrsMO — xararpool— Short sea psu«»5i*ar«t.
Var.ccaver Aug. ZT^Ottaira Sept. 19
Canada S-*pt. 3 K«B«tngton Sspc 17
HOI^A3TD-A3irSSlCA LITTE.
Xrw Twtn-9cr»w Steamers at li300 Tens.
1 2T0TT Tc?k — Botterdaa. Via Booloaa*.
SniUnsr Tu»*!k> at 19 a. c
Potsdam Aog. 30<RTTMSan» 5*-pC 13
1 Rctteniani Sept. ff.Noordasi. Sspc Zi
MED STAS U5S.
: Vans- Tcri — Aa Vse- erp — Z. and oa — T^rlm.
CaUInx at Do-ver fcr Losttca and Paris
From New Tort. Saturiay*. at 10:3»> *, aj.
, Taderland Ang. 27iZ*«faa<l. .. Sept. !«»
Knmnlaad S*pt. 3<71nUnd S»pt. 17
SPECIAL— XOT1CE— Th* Urg« u«w rwj»
i screw steamships of th« Re*i dtar I!a* call a:
Dcver. England, both east asd west boond.
WKTE STAS t - j h
3T«w Toxk — Quccastcrani. — I^t-rrrpooT.
Satltn* Wednesdays.
'¦ Arabic. Aug. 2ft, S pst'tlaKlc Sept. 7. 3 pas
Teutonic. Ang. 31,10 an [Majestic. Sejc 14.10 an
Celtic... Sept. 2. 10 aa C;<Jrtc.?»pt. 1% 10 ans
Boston— Q«««astarvn — UvsroeoX.
Repttblle (b*»)- S*pt«aab*T «
; Cymric Sept. 13. Oct. 13. r?
1 Cretlc... S»pt*«ob»r t3
msw Rs*rxcx rxoax bostost.
Tact TTrtn-EcreTr Ste&msrs
Of 11400 to 15.0CO Tcv,3.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
XZ9XTZSZAX1L4S. VIA AZ0ZHS
OrB-KaT.TAB. 3TAPI.S3. OZ3OA.
ROM.OTIC Sept. 17. Orr. 39. r>*. tft
1 CANOPTC Oct. «. Xi». !«. Jan. T
Ftrst ct»s». *«5 apward. <J*3*twJ'a* on date.
i C D. TATLCR. 'Pasrf.tt^r A«ent Pacific Coast.
31 Post sc. 8*a Trtoeltea.
NOME
ST. MICHAEL
the ai Fast t
S. S. ST. PAUL'
CAPTAEf C E. LINT)QCT5T
(Carry !=r V. S. Mails >
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TlERZCT
I THURSDAY, Aug. 18, a p. m.
Gren«ct!ng wtta th* Company's Steamers tut
All » BTFRlSd S"£a POINTS, and st St.
; Mtesa*l wirh the Ccraranr"* Rirrr *t**jn*n
, fcr F»trbanks> and all pntetson KOTUKtTK.
TAMA.VA and TCXOX RIVERS.
Tor FratgBt asd Passage Apply ta
XrOXTKZXJT COXXXXOXAX CO,
319 Cr&Mley building, eor. Mission and N«w
SContgsatery . st s. . 3aa Fnac Jsco.
S 9. VKN1LUA. for Henotula. Same*. Aark.
Uad aad 5ySa«r. Tlrarsdar. Aaie. 13. 2 p-tn.
3 2. ALA1CEOA. f-?r Banch:Ia.Au«. 37. 11 a-ra.
I S.S. MARIPOSA. for TaaltV. Srpt. 14, U a.m.
I iHSSZQELS & BZSl COL, USl,Baa 023 543 Hr-
i ia. nasit cao 323 ima a, pet 7, p&ac si
D1KECT UST TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Sailing ev»ry Thursday l^sr»»d of
; SatordaT. at 10 a. xa.. fr>rra Pl*r <2> '-¦"¦*''
Scrtii Btr*r. foot of Morton st.
Flrnt class) to Harr*. J7» and opward. gecood
el&M to Barre. (43 and upward. GSNTHAL
AOESCT FOR OfTTED STATES A.VD CAX-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hadsoa bQHd!Bg>, Urm
Tork- J. F. FCGAZI & CO.. PaciSc Coast
Agenta, S Montgoniery ar-mxe. Saa Frsaciseo.
Ticfcets sold by all Railroad Ticket A«rou.
-
To XX. U. 3f arr T&rA aad TaZXtrJo. ¦
Stair. H. J. Corstwao— Leares 8. I*., foot of
Clay st. norta *nd ferry bUg.— Wee"* day*.
9-30 A-'M. 3 aad •» P- SI.: Sundays. 9.m
a jr * p. M. Leare* Val>Jo — Week daqrm.
t'sOA. M.. 12.20 and 8 JO P. M.: Sunday*. 3
p M. Fare. 55c eaca way. Excursion rat*«
Sundayt to VaUei*. Gl«n Csv* aad Martta«s.
sn^roond trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOOOAIX
CO. Pboo« Main Ml- •Saturday exeepttxL
To 17. S. »a-ry T«rt'«ft4 TaEsJo.
Stmrs. General FMsete. MatiOceSo and Ai'iuw.
»*4» a. m.. 12:3O. 3:1J. «w »:*» pt m. (ax.3an.);
Saadays »:43 a. m.. H:7O y. m. Leav« V»:i«fc,
? » a. av. 12^>. 3:**. • pv. «a. (ex. »tm.): mm-
days. 7 a. rn.. 4:1J 9. s»- Yl*r 2. foe* M's-
aZoa stre«t; peos« Jtala 13CSL HATCH BEOS.Special information supplied daily to
business houses rind public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allan's). 230 Cal
ifornia street,. Telephone Main 104* •
' t .Townseiwrs California Glace fruits in
arti3tlc fire-etched boxes.^715 Market St.*
A traveler from Egypt, recently among us, has satis
fied his faculties of observation far enough to remark*
that .the agriculturists of the Nile are- immeasurably
superior' to those of f American fields and farms because
his people have neither holidays nor Sundays in which
to bow to idleness.nor during, which: to seek- recreation.
Yet -.after they have done all they may do the Egyptians
can only- eat, drink, sleep and clothe their nakedness?
Their representative is certainly doing much to prove
that their future; will be as dark as has been r their 'past.
What a correspondent described as
one of the grandest sightsjn the world
Is to be witnessed in Nyassaland, in
the British Central African Protec
torate. BOB
This is a hill 'of; solid , galena — sul
phide of lead, containing • silver," and
sometimes copper; and iron. "The "hill
Is being cut into 'terraces," writes our
correspondent, "like the "j^ramids of
Psypt. and the . precious metal "1 is'be
ing stacked.' up in long slabs waiting
for the ; railway : which is being."con
structed to Broken ' Hill. :
: "Thousands of tons of metal- . are
piled up, dazzling the- eyes with Its
Sdn tillatJang-"— T-nnrinrv Mall .
A Mountain of, Galena.
LIQUEFACTION OF GASES—Sub
scriber, City. Farraday. the renowned
chemist, had a theory that by generat
ing gases under high pressure they
could be turned into a liquid state.
Practical experiments proved hia
theory to be correct. Gases produced
in this way in strong bent glass tubes
continued liquid a,t low temperatures
while the pressure was maintained, but
when the pressure was removed by
breaking the tube they instantly
passed into a gaseous state. In thia
way before 1822 he succeeded in
liquefying chlorine, sulphurated hydro
gen," nitrous oxide, hydrochloric and
other gases. He is credited with be
ing the first who had a practical re
sult in this matter.
AT the annual conference of the British Sanitary
Institute, recently held in the University of Glas
gow, industrial hygiene was the theme of discus r
sion, rich in comparisons for.the student of American in
dustrial conditions. The picture of the life and environ
ment of British workingmen, dark and dismal and; un
promising of either reform or redress, painted by intelli-^
gent and painstaking investigators, points to the ob
server of diametrically opposed facts in the same rela
tive field in the United States a serious and sad moraj.
British inquiry, faithfully made, finds' that fatigue, al
cohol and tubercle are working the ruin of the working
men of England, Scotland and Wales. Bad housing,
slum life, improper feeding 'and excessive indulgence in*
alcohol by both sexes are enfeebling the , race and making
it a prey to the operation of those causes ;that produce
disaster, to commercial prosperity and death to the phy
sical, ; moral and mental health of the productive class
upon which the future of the kingdom inevitably de
pends. ;
British workingmen, these inquirers, decide, go to their
work, unprepared and unrefreshedarid ileave it fatigued,
with wasted energies unreplaced ; by:proper:food, and fur
ther harmed by^ poorly ventilated, overcrowded habita
tions or the seductions of the dram shop "and the" music
PAINTING A DISMAL PICTURE.
RAISING FROGS— A. C. R.. Ceres,
Cal. The species of frog used for food
in Europe is the common green frog.
It abounds greatly in ponds and slow
streams in France, Southern Ger
many and Italy. The frogs are caught
in great number in nets and put into
large inclosed ponds, or "froggeries."
where they are fed until wanted for
the table. The flesh of the frosr is
regarded as most delicate In the fall.
The food of the frogs ia principally
insects, but when In f roggeries . they
are fed upon breaji crumbs and fresh
meat cut Into very small nieces. The
bullfrog, an American species, is also
cultivated for the table.
In England the tax would have been
far heavier. Under the act of 1894 an
estate of over $5,000,000 pays 8 per cent
oa the entire estate, real or personal,
settled or not settled. The "estate
duty," or inheritance tax, if Mr. Whit
ney had lived In England, would have
been $1,760,000, or eight times larger
than -the largest inheritance tax levied
in this country.- Yet there are; many
who Imagine that under democratic
conditions large properties are likely to
be more severely dealt with than
abroad.
William C Whitney left a fortune of
$22,220,000. It is assessed in New York
State a legacy, duty of $222,000.
This Is the largest Inheritance tax
which would have been paid on this
fortune anywhere in this country, New
York levying a' tax both on direct in
heritance as well as. on collateral be
quests.
A Big Inheritance Tax.
A local preacher, analyzing modern conditions, de
plores the fact that the devil as a personal entity en
dowed with powers not comfortable to the vision of
wrongdoers is fast disappearing from the mind of man,
and with him is vanishing that fear that keeps most of
us in the straight and narrow path. Let the worthy
speaker of the good word take consolation, however, in
the knowledge that the world yet holds many men and
women whose morals never have been founded upon a
plane of rewards or punishment and never will be. Fear
is neither reformation nor regeneration.
SWEAT BOX— Subscriber. City. A
"sweat box," in police parlance, is not
"a box in which a prisoner is placed,
the steam turned on and allowed to re
main there until he Is ready to con
fess." When the police of this or any
other city have a suspect he is usually
placed in a solitary cell, and if he is
guilty of the crime charged against
him his conscience will make him
sweat, but if he is innocent his con
finement In a solitary cell may make
him fret, but not sweat, as the police
understand that term.
THE MIDDLEMAN — M. H., City.
The play entitled "The Middleman."
by Henry Arthur Jones, ia an original
composition by him and is therefore
not founded on any work of fiction.
THE CRUSADERS — M. H.. City.
"The Talisman" and "The Betrothed**
both by Scott, concern the last of the
second crusade and the first of the
third.
Anszvers to Queries.
After all the resources of the kingdom
of Italy have been devoted to bring
ing to Justice the ex-Member of Par
liament Palizzolo, charged with the
murder of Senator" the Marquis Notar
bartolo, his conviction having been
secured with no end of trouble, the
sentence condemning him to lifelong
imprisonment has been annulled and
the man restored to liberty. Acknowl
edged chief of the Mafia in Sicily, an
island whose metropolitan city of Pal
ermo he represented in the national
Legislature, he has shown in a singu
larly striking fashion that his powers
as chief, of one of the greatest crimi
nal secret organizations In the world
Is superior to that of Parliament, of
the administration and of the crown.
And with the demonstration of the ex
traordinary influence • of the Mafia
constituted by Palizzolo's restoration
to freedom before their eyes Italians
not only in the peninsula, but all the
world over, will now be more reluc
tant than ever to place themselves in
the position of antagonism to this so
ciety by according to the authorities
any assistance whatsoever in their
proceedings against it.
Every one in Italy knows thatPaliz
zelo is the chief of the Mafia. There
has never been any secret made about
the matter, and Crispi, when Premier,
was wont to treat with him as the po
litical "boss" of the island of Sicily In
order to secure the return of mem
bt-rs disposed to support the Govern
ment in the Chamber of Deputies. So
frightened were the people, not only
of the lower classes, but even of the
highest social, official and political
rank, to testify against him in the
Notarbartolo murder case and to thus
incur his enmity that it was found
necessary to change the venue of the
! trial several times, the case being
¦eventually heard first at Milan and
: then at Bologna. ¦„ Each trial lasted
for months and in spite of the intimi
dation of the witnesses and their re
luctance to give any testimony the
evidence produced in court was so
strong as to leave no alternative but
conviction.
Undismayed, Palizzolo's lawyers se
cured appeals on the ground of certain
technical Informalities during the
course of the proceedings. On the
strength of these, the verdict and the
sentence of life imprisonment were
quashed and a third trial ordered at
Florence. This has Just been brought
to a close after lasting nearly a year by
a verdict diametrically opposed to all
the facts proved at' the previous trial
at Bologna and by which a badly
frightened Jury acquits the prisoner
and restores him to liberty, as the say
ing is, ."without a stain upon his char
acter." The entire island of Sicily
professes to- be wild with . enthusiasm
and delight at his acquittal , and the
leading citizens of Palermo, includini
The Deadly Mafia.
The assassination of M. de Plehwe
brings vividly to mind the personal
peril to which rulers and other promi
nent men are exposed and the elab
orate system of police espionage by
which most of them are. surrounded.
In Russia the whole machinery of gov
ernment is primarily devoted to safe
guarding the imperial family. It is the
duty of every official, military and civil,
to think first of his royal master and
then of his other duties. The safety of
the Emperor Is a sufficient excuse for
setting aside, when necessary, any law
or regulation. The army and police are
in their entirety his bodyguards. Regi
ments of soldiers are stationed near
each palace, and selected troops are de
tailed for duty in courtyards and
buildings.
In addition to the regular uniformed
police, who patrol the streets with par
ticular care when the Czar Is passing,
there is a large body of secret police,
whose duty it is to discover and frus
trate any possible plot against him.
They have agents in Berlin, London,
Paris, Buenos Ayres, New -York, Chi
cago and Paterson, N. J. Spies are in
every city in Russia and In every de
partment of life. When the Czar trav
els other people "wait. Between St.
Petersburg and Tsarskoe Selo a special
line, with a private station at each end,
has been built for the exclusive use of
the imperial family. Every. yard of It
Is guarded constantly, and particularly
when a train is to pass. -^
Guarding the Czar.
IN another column a correspondent, qualified by pro
fession and experience to judge, suggests an immedi
ate local application of- the recommendations we have
made for the proper sanitation of vehicles of transporta
tion. Reform in this connection rests solely with the
public. What it demands will J certainly be granted by
the street railroad companies, which, fortunately for San
Francisco, are disposed to render to the traveling public
an efficient service.
Our .street railroad companies have been quick to meet
the exigencies of traffic. They have instituted necessary
reforms in their service to relieve the congested hours of
the day. Cars travel on a more frequent headway than
before, new districts have been tapped to develop the
outlying and rapidly growing sections of the city, and
conveniences, urged solely by the desire of these cor
porations to please their patrons, have been, established.
Precedent is eloquent, therefore, for the institution of a
reform far more important and vital to public interest
than any one of these. The public, however, must take
the initiative.
Where men and women congregate physical condi
tions must be healthful or disease will be the inevitable
result. When the public understands and values the
knowledge that" in dust there is death the demand .for
clean, well ventilated, thoroughly washed and sunlit
street cars will be insistent or patronage will be with
drawn at whatever cost of inconvenience to those that
care not to accept the hazard of disease and death in their
most treacherous encroachment. -
The traveling public certainly should need no further
education on this subject. The infectious character of
tuberculosis is beyond controversy. In every commun
ity the disease presents a problem far more serious in its
cost to the state than the manifold obligations of admin
istration of public affairs. It is estimated that this dis
ease alone costs the United States the staggering annual
tctal of more than three hundred millions of dollars.
Yet the host of tuberculosis is the dust of the street.
Jn a variety of ways the germs are carried into the street
cars, where nearly, every resident of the city passes some
of his time every day in the year. Our.city government
has accomplished a great measure of reform by fixing'a
certain"penalty for the offense of expectorating in street
cars. This surely is wise. Some European communities
go even so far as to prohibit women from wearing, trail
ing gowns on public thoroughfares.
What has been done should be accepted as only so
much gained in a campaign yet to be won for public
health. The street railroad companies should be made to
understand that clean cars, thoroughly and duly Vashed,
cars unincumbered by useless, dust accumulating orna
ments, cars daily exposed to light and_ sunshine, and cars
as scrupulously free from dust and dirt as the reception
room of a home, are the only vehicles in which the pub
lic of: San Francisco will ride.
vSuch:a reform in public service, so eminently desir
able, may be accomplished iin a variety of ways. Patrons
of each car line- who ride regularly within a certain dis
trict should interest themselves in a cause that is the
'more vital because it is too little understood. These peo
ple" can organize to protect their health, they may peti
tion the corporations for. reforms that are necessary', and
they must receive the assurance of an acquiescence to
their reasonable demands;
Alone, adrift 'mid stress and change,
I tune my soul to hopeful lays —
Heed, gracious Lord, this mortal
praise,
"In Paradise a garden lies."
:• V: - — Boston Transcript.
"In -Paradise a garden lies" —
Thus sans a monk in cloistered cell.
When at the tolling of the bell. ¦' :-¦' :¦¦?
He looked with longing to the skies.
He saw. through bars the arching dome
Of deepest azure stretched afar,
• Where silver shone the vesper star.
Lone wandering for eternity.
Within those walls so gray and cold,*
A human voice uprose in song.
.It chanted through the 'hours long,
"In Paradise a garden lies."
In Paradise.
CLEAN OUR STREET CARS.
Since 1S51 Ireland has lost through
emigration over 4,000,000 of her popula
tion, and a very large proportion of
those remaining are weak and ineffi
cient. But there is now an agitation
to stop the drain for fear that the
country may become too weak for re
covery. In England the birth rate is
steadily declining. In 1S66 the birth
rate was 35.2 per 1000; in 1S31 it had
fallen to 31.57; in 1S97 to 29.7, and in
1903 to 28.5. This condition* would have
been worse excepting for the Influx of
poor Hebrews and others who, from
their manner of living, have driven the
British out of some parts of the city of
London. Marriages have decreased,
and unless something is done to stop
the decadence there is no telling what
the result may be. That is one thing
that gives strength to the Chamberlain
agitation. The British colonies are
vigorous, but the emigration from "the
old country" and the more vigorous
competition of other nations are hav
ing their effect in weakening, in some
respects, the United Kingdom.
England's Danger.
The disquieting, report that England has seized Bird
Island, in the West Indies, as a preliminary measure "of
her policy to protect the interests of her subjects in
Venezuela proves after all to have be'en without foun
dation. Until the great question of what constitutes con
traband of war in the eyes of the nations has been set
tled to satisfy British opinion, or the Czar's war fleets
have been swept from the seas, we may rest easy that
England will do nothing to offend her good and dear
friend, the United States.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: Sin
cerely thanking you on behalf of the
San Francisco public for the excellent
and very apropos editorial article in
your issue of to-day— "Death in the
Coaches"— permit me to suggest In that
connection that we should commence
the reform at home. Our street cars
are all In an unsanitary condition, for
they are never sufficiently cleansed.
Judging from their appearance. It
would seem as if the steam cars on tha
California street line extension have
never yet come in contact with water,
unless they may possibly have soma
time been .out in the rain; but they
have never/ apparently, been properly
•cleaned at any time and are a disgrace
to that company and an eyesore to the
city. Befora our Eastern visitors arrive
all the street cars should be thoroughly
overhauled anil cleansed, and then be
kept in a good condition. Cannot we
have another editorial touching on this
branch of the subject at issue? Yours
truly, D. ALBERT HILLER, M. D.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 15.
* Clean Street Cars.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CAL.L.,
iS"~*HENRIETA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, Aug. 6. — It Is
announced that John Redmond, the
leader of the Irish party in the Com
mons, is going to leave for the United
States in a few days, and those ac
quainted with the internal workings
of the Irish party know that he is not
going out this time with an altogether
light heart. A member of the party
has been in the. United States for
months and, as far as dollars are con
cerned, with most disappointing re
sults. Redmond himself is despondent
with regard to the future of the party.
He makes no secret of the fact that he
beHeves the numerical strength will be
materially reduced, but what troubles
him most are the finances. American
purse-strings are practically closed
and he is going out to try personally
to reopen them.
The movement which he controls
In Ireland Is as dead as the proverbial
doornail. The people have got sick of
the land agitation business and they
are instead applying themselves to
the industrial revival, which does not
make such demands upon their pa
tience or tempers. A remark made by
President Roosevelt a few weeks ago
to an' Irish- press representative has
caused much uneasiness in the ranks
of the Irish Parliamentary party. The
President said he was astonished at
the progress the Gaelic movement was
making in the United States. This
movement has alienated the sym
pathies of thousands of Irishmen and
wemen both in England and Ireland
from John Redmond's party.
Mr. Redmond Is going out to see
whether the President's observations
were Justified by the facts, 'if funds
are not forthcoming from some source
a reduction of the party in the House
of Commons will be inevitable.
Redmond's Aims.
Bpcdal Correspondence.
merchants, princes, dukea, nobles of
every degree and even public officials,
such as Judges, magistrates, etc., have
organized themselves Into a deputation
which has proceeded on board the larg
est steamship that could be chartered
to Naples for the purpose of bringing
this infamous scoundrel back In tri
umph to his people. — Marquise de Fon-
paragraphs of the Russian criminal
saees la which, according to his trans
lation of them, "terrorist" methods
¦were approved and recommended. The
sensation produced In the court ' can
l>0 Imagined when, after fumbling
servtyusljr over the pages for some
time, he had to acknowlegde that he
could not find them. Further examin
ation revealed the fact that the most
incriminating of the quotations* that
he h&d furnished In his own handwrit
ing were pure fabrications — absolute
forgeries. In short. Others had been
mutilated and distorted so as to coin
cide with the Russian official view of
revolutionary, doctrines. For exam
ple, where the orlginiaf text arraigned
the absolutism of monarchical govern
ment In Russia and condemned It as
a nefarious institution the inventive
srenius of the Russian Consul had sub
stituted the personal designation of
"Nicholas II," making it "lese ma
jeste" beyond a doubL " He left the
witness box virtually self-convicted of
doing that which were he amenable
to the laws of any free country would
send him to Jail. But if his own Gov
ernment censures him — of which
there is no indication at present it
will not be for forging and "distorting
evidence, but for making such a mess
of it -that he was found out.
In; another matter in connection
with the -trial it was shown that he
had exposed the German Government
1.0 weJl merited ridicule and contempt
The proceedings against these German
prisoners for sedition against the
Czar and his empire was undertaken
on the understanding* that reciprocal
treatment would be meted but by the
Russian Government for similar of
fenses against the German Emperor,
end Germany, that being the essential
condition of the validity; of 'such a,
course in Germany. This . Russian"
Consul General supplied the German
authorities . with a translation of the
object of the prosecution was to stamp
out a nest of dangerous anarchist and
nihilist conspirators, whose threats
against the Czar rendered their exter
mination desirable in the interest of
law and order throughout Europe. But
after a trial lasting nearly a fortnight.
In which the presiding Judge displayed
the bitterest hostility toward the pris
oners, all the major charges of the in
dictment, which covered 200 pages, were
dismissed. On the technical charge of
conspiracy. It is true, six of the prison
en?, vrho were shovrn to belong to a se
cret society, were condemned to terms
of Imprisonment ranging from three
weeks to two months. As a matter of
. fact, they were simply smugglers.
The prosecution failed ignomlniously
in its purpose. But the exposures made
at the trial of the deceit, lying and
downright forgeries resorted to by the
Russian officials to obtain the convic
tion of the prisoners have furnished an
object lesson In Russian Judicial meth
ods which Germany will not soon for
get. And Russian Institutions have
been pilloried in a manner which will
effectually prevent for years the growth
of sympathy for the neighboring state,
•which the German Government is seek
ing so assiduously to cultivate.
The alleged seditious literature was
all In the Russian tongue. A selection
from the books and pamphlets seized
by the police In the homes of the pris
oners were sent to the Russian Consul
General at Konigsberg that he might
translate extracts from them for the
benefit of the German authorities. He
took advantage of the opportunity af
forded him to "make the evidence fit
the crime" In accordance with the
znost approved Russian methods. He
¦ent back an alleged transcript of cer
tain passages which would have fully
Justified the charge that the accused
men were engaged In circulating
printed matter "Inciting to the mur
der of the Czar and the overthrow of
the Russian constitution." But he
bed not reckoned on the license al
"lowed In cross-examination in the Ger
man courts. He was asked to point
•at in the original text certain pas-
Russian Duplicity Exposed.
Oeotel OnrtcpeDimiM.
BERLIN, Aug. «.— Publlo opinion ha*
%*tn lierustefl by the astounding reve-
Utlons mad* at the Konlgsberg politi
cal trial, Just concluded, of Russian
icpUclty and the undignified zeal
shown by th» German Government to
enrry favor with the C*ar by the sacri
fice of flomt of lta own subjects.
The prisoners, nine In number, were
•II men In the lower walks of life. Most
of them could neither read nor write.
They lived near the Russian border in
East Prussia, a district from which,
with the connivance of the corrupt
Russian police, a brisk business Is done
In smuggling goods Into the dominion
cf the Czar. They were accused, firstly,
with being concerned In a conspiracy
cr secret society; secondly, of circulat
ing books and pamphlets inciting to the
murder of the Czar and the overthrow
of the Russian constitution, and, third
ly, of being guilty of lese Tnajeste
against the person of Emperor Nicho
las II by cirerrieting these books and
pamphlets.
For nine months that were occupied
In a preliminary investigation the men
xrere kept closely confined in Jail. During
this period the German authorities were
In close communication with Russian
officials for the purpose of procuring all
possible evidence against them. Mean
while it was loudly proclaimed that the
There was an Indignant rustle of
skirts and the managing editor reached
out for a cigarette to cheer him in his
solitude.
Not long ago the columns of print
that appeared under her name were
eagerly sought as being the very salt
of San Francisco's Journalistic
achievements. Everybody knew her,
through her work at least, and every
body hung upon her written words as
oracles. The envied of all her sister
craftsmen of the pad and the admired
of every newspaper man from manag
ing editor to cub. this lady held su
preme sway as long as the spirit
moved her.
/But in one way she was a terror to
the business office. Nobody could put
in an expense account of such ampli
tude as did this particular star—car
riage hire, messenger boys, special
"incidentals" — truly the business office
would sit up of nights in mute rage.
It happened that the inaugural ball
up in Sacramento was assigned to the
lady with instructions that she should
"do it up brown."
She did.
When her expense account went into
the busjness office at the end of the
week there was this item which caused
the business manager to sit up and
take notice:
"A ball gown, 575."
Well, the business office would not
pass that item. When the irate lady
writer brought it before the managing
editor he had been forewarned.
"Now, miss," he began in his suavest
; tones, "we will be very glad to admit
this item in your little account. The
ball gown was probably as necessary
to you in covering the story as this
Item here indicates carriages to have
been."
"Why, certainly, you could not ex
pect"
"Now, for the future contingency
that may arise," continued the editor
in honeyed tones, "we will Just have
that gown In stock. We will provide
a closet for its reception in the art ed
itor's room and we will Instruct the
I Janitor to give it a little dusting now
and then so as to keep It in good con
dition and when you want to use it you
may obtain the key from the Janitor.
I believe" : An
There is a good" story, known to the
elect of newspaper circles, but beyond
the precincts of the craft entirely hid
den, far It concerns a former star In
the Journalistic world who has now re
tired to the more peaceful sphere of
home life. To begin v.ith, let it be
known that the proper pronoun to be
used in this anecdote is "she."
A Stock Property.
NEGROES in an out-of-the-way place in Georgia
committed an atrocious murder. The victims were!
a white family. The criminals were caught, had a
prompt trial in court, were convicted upon evidence and
their own confessions, and were sentenced to death. The
time of execution was set near to the conviction, and
there was no appeal taken. from the verdict of \the jury
and the judgment of the court. It was a most commend
able instance of the prompt administration of justice.
The majesty of the law was vindicated, and society war
protected by the prompt punishment of \ the^guilty. In
all of its features this calm and quick action of criminal
justice might well serve as an example to other States,*
where it is complained that the mob spirit is roused by
judicial delays and the quibbling of lawyers. But the
good example' and the excellent effect to be expected
from it are destroyed by what followed.
A furious mob rose, attacked the jail that was de
fended by militia, and by seizing the guns of the soldiers
found that they were not loaded. Thereupon the troops
were overpowered by sheer force of numbers, and, by
the connivance of the deputy sheriff, the mob seized the
wretched criminals, took them into the fields, tied them
to a stump, poured kerosene on them and burned 1 them
to death. The act was accompanied by unusual evidences
of savagery, and the negroes expiated their crime under
circumstances of peculiar barbarity.
It has been argucd\ with much force to Northern
audiences that burning negroes at the stake -for an un
speakable crime is justified because it^saves their victim
the capital humiliation of describing the crime in a
court of justice. We admit that there is sympathy for
this view of it, and that feeling is tolerant of the method
pursued to rid the world of a monster. But none of this
entered into the cause or excuse of this last mob. The.
victims of murder were dead. Their slayers had con
fessed, were convicted, and stood within the shadow of
the gallows without the least hope of escape. Justice
Even the human desire for revenge had been .satisfied
by the praiseworthy action of the court. A normal com
munity should have been more, than satisfied. It should
i have been proud that the existence of law and the mani
festation of its power to right all wrongs had been jus
tified. But that Georgia community was not satisfied,
land took into its own hands the execution of a legal
judgment and proceeded to itself commit. a' crime more
horrible than the one it avenged.
All the conclusions to be drawn from the incident are
discouraging. We put no weight into the condemnation
because it happened in the South. We offer no indict
ment of a section. We deplore it because it took place
I in the United States, in a republic where the law is the
sole avenger of crime and the sole protector of all rights.
While the miserable blacks suffered the torment of fire
and had their distorted lives licked up by flames, suffer
ing tortures that language cannot describe, the law was
also burned at that stump ia Georgia. The law had
done its duty, promptly, severely and well. It had be
come entitled to the allegiance and respect of the people,
but it had neither. It was as despitefully treated as it
it had failed and fallen short in the/discharge of its func
tion.
It is the' first case of the kind that we can recall.
Where juries have failed to do their duty and courts
have seemed to respect more the letter than the spirit of
the law, communities have lost patience and have taken
the matter m their own hands. But here there- was no
default, no failure, no hesitation, no technical delay.
But the law, having done all, failed to satisfy and was
repudiated and shamed. It is a sorry case and one that
cannot be excused by any of the arguments that have
ever been made to justify lynching. The mob murdered
whom the law had condemned to the gallows, and the
law suffered.
The effect cannot fait to be bad in every aspect. The
negroes «are made worse by it. Whatever savage fiber
remains in them will be inflamed. It is notice to them
that they are outside the law, not subject to its methods
and not even the. beneficiaries of its condemnation. In
stead of making the whites safer, it exposes them to
greater danger. It sets up the rule of life for life, out
side the law. Events are in evidence to prove that the ,
ignorant, poor and criminal 'element among the South
ern blacks are not in the: least restrained by lynching.
Burning them to. death has not restrained a single crim
inal, nor averted a single tragedy. The mob has accom
plished nothing in the way of admonition of criminals
and restraint of crime. It is a useless- method. It in
jures those who apply more than those who^ suffer it,
for they are dead, while their tormentors live to suffer
the weakening effect of their crime upon the law, which
is the protector of their own rights.
lawTin which this reciprocity was al
leged to be guaranteed. But the wily
official omitted from his transcript the
saving clause which demands that the
reciprocity must be explicitly guaran
teed by treaty. An express under
standing of this sort exists only be
tween Russia and Austria. There is
no such treaty between Russia and
Germany. In law, therefore, no pro
ceedings could He against these Ger-,
man subjects . for inciting sedition
among the Czar's subjects. And had
the prosecution been successful Ger
many would have had no guarantee
that Russia would undertake to prose
cute Russians who might try to sow
the seeds of sedition In Germany. The
net result of the trial has been a great
waste of money and a humiliating ex
posure of the .German Government's
anxiety to do anything to please the
Czar.
ANOTHER MOB.
hall. Drudgery and overwork, followed' by the necessary
consequence of a taste for stimulants and a desire for
unhealthy recreation and excitement, are the dreary
cause and effect which British observers find, inherent
in British industrial conditions.'
While painting this terrible picture of the working
men and women of Britain the Sanitary Institute is not
poor in recommendation of reform, however unwise we
may think it to be, in -not seeking suggestion from Amer
ican policy that has met and conquered most of the
evils that so afflict our British brethren. The institute
suggests a regulation of home work as a mitigation of
the distressing evils of the day. A measure, designed
to prohibit any process of v manufacture in dwelling
houses that fall below a certain level of cleanliness and
airiness and to limit workers in any given space to the
proportion of one person to every two hundred and fifty
cubic feet of air, will be submitted to Parliament. Under
the provisions of this bill each worker must receive from
a duly authorized commission a certificate or license to
work in his home,, and without this license no employer
may give out work to be done anywhere except on hi*
own premises." ',;
An urgent plea is made for the limitation of working
hours and formic suppression or modification of that
nightmare of'» the workingman in every land under the
sun, the process of sweating. And here the Sanitary In
stitute closes*' its* suggestions, except for the recommen
dation, casually fmade and apparently little thought of
even by those that advance it, that the cure for the grave
evils of long hours of labor in a vitiated atmosphere re
quires organized effort on the part- of the workers, aided
by practical legislation limiting the hours of work.
It is here that the first step in the solution of the
problem must be taken. Let our British brethren look
upon the workingmen of the kingdom as the people of
the United States look npon theirs, as a dignified ele
ment of the body politic, a constituent, intelligent part of
the nation, contributing to its prosperity and greatness
and competent to urge legislation that must advance its
interests and assist its capacity for production. The
workingman is not of a class himself, but is of the whole
people, uniting with other elements and influences to
produce the greatest good. He is patient of suggestion,
but his power is in an intelligent, conservative initiative
in affairs that vitally concern his own condition.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY- AUGUST .18, 1904;
THE SAN FRAN G I SCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietof . . ... ...... Address All Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office . . ...» •"« • • • • * ¦'. • ? • . ."'. .'. . . . . ¦". •• • • • • • ... .Third and Market Streeta, S. F
THURSDAY .......................... ............. '.':'... ...........:.... ...................AUGUST 18. 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESHerman Schussler, chief engineer of
the Spring Valley Water Works, occu
pied the attention of Judge Heacock
yesterday In describing the Lake Mer
ced water system and the coast
streams of San Mateo. He will re
sume to-day. - ._
Lake Jlerced the Subject.
John A. Kelly, -a carpenter, 60 years
old, committed suicide last Tuesday
night by opening the valves of two
gas burners in his room at 1812 Mar
ket street. His dead body was found
yesterday morning. Kelly had been
despondent for some time and had In
formed his landlady, Miss S. E. Sav-'
age, that he wanted to Join his wife
and son. both, of .whom are dead.
Carpenter Commits Snlcide.
George Baker, an ex-soldier, 56
years of age and a native of Germany,
was found dead in his room yesterday
morning at 638 Minna street. He had
been sick for a long time and death
was due to natural causes.
Old Soldier Dies.
United States Commissioner; Hea
cock yesterday held John D. Tomp
kins to appear before the Grand Jury
and fixed the amount of his bail bonds
at $3000. To mp kins was arrested
about a we%k a&o in San Mateo while
engag-ed in passing a Jl United States
silver certificate which had been
raised to $10 by means of a paster
cut from a revenue stamp. Tompkins
had been shadowed for several weeks
by Secret Service Agents Moffltt and
Foster and they were In San Mateo at
the time of his arrest by a deputy
sheriff. The constables of that wide
awake town overhauled Moffitt and
Foster and compelled them to reveal
their identity, thus thwarting all their
plans. They have, however, a com
plete case against Tompkins, but they
were shadowing him for the purpose
of learning whether he had any con
federates. The premature arrest of
Tompkins, however, brought the
chase to a sudden stop.
Against Him for Illegally Rais
ing Silver Certificates.
Secret Service Men Hare Good Case
Senior Class FJects Officers.
At a meeting of the senior class of
Cooper 'Medical' College Percival Dol
man was elected president. The other
officers elected are: Philip T^eber,
vice president: Adolph Berg, secre
tary: Albert McNuIty, .treasurer, * and
Atlas Hembree, sergeant at arms.
Taks your meals regnlarly. Take your rest
reeularly. Take "Old Gilt Ed«e "Whiskey"
regularly and you can see the world with ap
proving eyes— and it will approve of you. •
YOUNG FORESTERS' BANQUET.— Junior
Court Pride of California No. 1. Foresters of
America, the Jurenile branch of that order,
will celebrate the twenty-sixth anniversary of
the Institution ot the court by a banquet In a
prominent dining hall to-morrow night.
TO>fPKXNS HELD FOR
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
New Pictures and Frames.
We have a world of new things for the
fall trade and newly fitted rooms to show
them in. Visitors welcome, Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
NATIVE SONS" ENTERTAINMENT.— The
r»xt ?r.ter&lEiEent ty the Native Bcn«" joint
]!'*»ry ar.4 «oeial eomrn:tte« trill be riven in
JCa'ive Pens" Hall Wetfneiwlay ei-en!r.*. Au
rutt !•'+, unii^r the i!rectlrn of Marshall Par-
Icr. V. E. Krrr.z will be the chairman cf the
• vecinK. A p!ea»in» programme cf varied r.un.
ben, together with a er.e-act farce, entitled
"A K ->- tn the Dark," and fiar.dsg, will be
j resected.
J. P. Fraser. chairman of the com
mittee on decorations, asked that the
ferry building be Illuminated during the
Knights Templar Conclave, from Sep
tember 3 to September 10, between the
hours of 1 p. m. and la.ni. The re
quest was granted.
A Merchants' and Shipowners* tug re
cently smashed the end of Harrison
street wharf and damaged the structure
In the sum of $1144. The board, In con
sideration of the fact that the wharf
was old, assessed the tug owners only
25 per cent of that amount.
Collector of Customs Stratton was
notified that 200 feet on the south side
of Lombard-street wharf would be as
signed as a berth for the tugs Golden
Gate and Hartley; also that the rental
of this space and of the barge offices on
Meiggs wharf and the seawall and the
scale-houses on the water front would
be $250 a month.
A communication was received from
two restaurant men asking permission
to establish a lunch counter in the
north end of the waiting-room of the
Southern Pacific Company. The matter
was referred to the company.
The matter of a new dock for the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company reached
the second stage yesterday, when Gen
eral Manager Schwerin submitted to
the Board of Harbor Commissioners
suggestions for construction plans.
Some time ago bids were advertised,
opened by the board and the offer ac
cepted was for $291,000 to build a wharf
and double-story shed covering the
same. The steamship company consid
ered the cost too great, and suggested
$210,000 as a more suitable figure.
In' his communication yesterday
Schwerin asks for two sets of docks of
two wharves each, the four structures
each to be 800 feet long and 125 feet
wide, to be ehedded over for a length
of 7S0 feet and a width of ninety feet,
one of the sheds to be double-decked.
The piers are to stand a tidal strain
of secured ships of 600 feet in length
under conditions of San Francisco
storm and winter tides, and the second
story of the shed to stand a stress of
125 pounds to the square Inch.
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
will prepare plans along the line of
these suggestions and ask for bld3.
The contract with the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe Railroad Company
for the construction of a car ferry slip
In China basin for $30,000 was signed,
and a bond in the sum of $15,000 was
approved by the Harbor Commission
ers.
PACIFIC MAIL
SUBMITS PLANS
Contc«^ Is On in the Courts for Cus
tody of Georgia Dunlap — Girl
Azalnst Parent.
o The contest between the mother and
friends of 15-year-old Georgia Dun
lap was to have been heard by Judge
Mvrasky Tuesday on the application
of Mrs. Gusfie Dunlap, the mother,
for a writ of habeas corpus to remove
th.e child from the home of Mrs. A.
Ttylor, 12 S Hyde street.
The hearing was postponted until yes
terday jnorning upon the statement that
The California Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children would
eppply for' letters of guardianship over
the pirl.
On Tuesday afternoon Secretary M. J.
%Vhite*ot the society filed the petition
end set forth that the mother had
beaten the child inhumanly, frequent
ly cursed her and failed to provide
rier with proper food and clothing.
(jrhe child swore to the affidavit that
\.h4 charges of maternal abuse were
true. . . * .
1ih» hearing was yesterday again
pdfctpo'ned by Judge Murasky until
this morning.
SAY MOTHER HAS BEATEN"
AND CURSED HER CHILD
The State Fa'.r at Sacramento. August 22-
September 3, premises to be even better this
yar t>an in former years. The horse show,
grtven In connection with It, will be a moat
attractive feature. Horses In fifty-seven dif
ferent classes will b« exhibited, and many
prizes of cups, money and medals will be
given wtnners.
Round-trip rate to Sacramento from. San
Francisco and other points will be one and
one-third fare. Return limit. September 5.
For further details, ask Southern Pacific
agents, or at city office, 613 Market st. •
Rcdnc^od Rates to State Fair.
Forrest Dabney Carr in the role of
the Toreador at the Tivoli has been
. v f ry successful in that musical com
edy.. .H<? has & strong basso cantante
vole* and sinps the melody of "The To
reador" in its original key. His stage
manner as well as his singing im
presses his audience favorably.
Mr. Carr has been a member of the
orchestra of Waiter Damrosch and also
of the celebrated English Opera Cora
pany^ which ga\-e grand opera under
the direction of Maurice Qrau and
Henry Savage at the Metropolitan in
New York. In this superb company he
cang in the characters given to the
basso voice In "Faust," "Liohengrin,'*
"Aida," "Romeo and Juliet." "La Bo
heme." "'Esmeralda' and other operas.
He* ¦will sing the role of Alvarado in
"The Serenade." now in preparation,
and* will succeed the present attraction
*t the TivolL
T^RREST PABNEY CARR, THE
t-N*EW BASSO IN THE "TOREA
• DOR- AT THE TTVOU.
Forrest Dabney Carr Is
r Scoring Successes in
0
Musical Comedy.
Attorney Wright appeared before the
board and urged I the granting of per
mits to flower peddlers In accordance
with the ordinance establishing free
flower markets at certain designated
points. Wright was Informed that per
mits would be granted next Monday,
to give Commissioner Casev, who has
just returned from the East, an oppor
tunity to study the regulations as sub
mitted by the Merchants' Association.
"I will sav," said President Schmltz,
"that we have received a number of
applications from people who desire to
peddle fish and fruit on the public
streets, and It seems to me that no ex
ception should be made or discrimina
tion shown in their cases."
The Board of Works opened bids for
the grading and macadamizing of
Nineteenth avenue, from Trocadero
culvert ot Ocean road. The lowest
proposal was from G. W. Cushing.
whose bid of $4115 56 will be accepted
at a future meeting of the board.
The board overruled the protests of
property-owners against the sewering
of Park H1U avenue. South Broderick
and Tilden streets, and adopted a reso
lution recommending that the work be
ordered bv the Supervisors.
James Reavey was appointed assist
ant, to Chemist J. H. Gray at $100 per
month.
The Board of Education sent a re
quest that the plans and specifications
of the Washington Grammar and other
schools covered by the bond issue be
completed, and the City Architect was
directed to comply. The request of the
board that survevs of all school prop
erties be prepared was referred to the
Supervisors, as there are no funds for
the work.
Commissioners of Works Schmltz,
Casey and Maestretti received notifi
cation yesterday from a guaranty com
pany, which is surety on their official
bonds in the sum of $25,000 each, that
the company desired to withdraw from
their bonds, owing to the fact that
judgments had been obtained from the
Commissioners personally by persons
who had been injured by defective
sidewalks. The company explained
that it desired to be released from re
sponsibility in the premises, as the risk
was deemed too great.
The matter was informally discussed
at the meeting of the board, and the
Commissioners agreed that they would
not consent to the company withdraw
ing from the bonds. They claimed that
the charter provision holding them per
sonally responsible for accidents on
public thoroughfares is illegal.
Complaint was received by the ooard
that Wet more. Brothers were blasting
for grading ..purposes on the roadway
of Montgomery strett, between Green
wich and l.<rrtard. President SohmiU
-.n.structed.fvty Engineer Woodward to
stop operations If thecomplaint is well
founded.
THINKS RISK
IS TOO GREAT
Other divorces were granted: By
Judge Hebbard to Dorothy Trobbold
from Walter J. Trobbold, for cruelty.
By Judge Hunt to George P. Hetzel
from Freda Hetxel, for intemperance.
By Judge Kerrigan to Mary Ford from
Marvin Ford, who was convicted of a
felony two months after their mar
riage; to Mao- A. Daly from Thomas
B. Daly, who has been In the insane
asylum since 18SS; to John A, Riddle
from Nellie H. Riddle, for desertion.
By Judge Troutt to Ernest A. Knoop
from Sadie Knoop, desertion. By Judge
Murasky to R. J. Shane from Nellie
Shane, desertion. By Judge Seawell to
Viola Craven from W. L. Craven, for
cruelty and intemperance. By Judge
Kerrigan, Judge Slops* court, to Adell
L. Jansens from Gerbrand Jansens, ex
treme cruelty; to Dora L. Blucher from
George C. Blucher, desertion.
Judge Hebbard eranted a divorce to
Lucy Fischer from John H. Fischer Jr.
of the Fischer Packing Company, on
Commercial street, because of his cru
elty. They were married a year ago
and she charged that he compelled her
to live in a small room in a cheap
lodging-house, and only visited her in
frequently. He would not take her on
the streets except at night and declined
to introduce her to his friends and rela
tives.
DIVORCES GRANTED.
Other suits for divorce were filed by
Jane Whitaker against Ellsworth
Whitaker. neglect; Emma G. Byers
against Harry R. Byers, desertion (the
day after marriage): Matie E. Van
Housen against Harrington Van Hou
sen. cruelty: Bertha E. Doyle against
Harry Doyle, cruelty; Charles McGinn
against Anna McGinn, desertion; Ida
M. Lee against W. B. Lee, neglect;
Hermine Grunewald against Emll
Grunewald. cruelty; A. M. Barley
against Catherine Barley, cruelty-
Mary D. Imperial against Albert F.
Imperial, cruelty; Carrie Lunnette
James against Joseph James, cruelty.
In the latter case four-year-old twins
are the Issue of the union and the hus
band was, for many years, an employe
of the Central Grain and Stock Ex
change.
Emma Strauss answers her hus
band's suit for divorce for desertion
with a counter charge that he has been
unfaithful and is now living with a wo
man named Ella at 131 Seventh street-
Joseph D. Good, who was employed
at 128 Broadway, New York, did not
live up to his name in the eyes of the
law, according to the action com
menced against him in the r Superior
Court yesterday by Catherine M. Good,
who thought she was his wife. He mar
ried her in New York on September 30,
1503, and she later discovered that he
had another wife named Coralie Good,
whom he married at Camden, N. J., on
November 13, 1902. The victim of the
alleged bigamist declares that he left
New York about six months ago and
was last heard from at Montreal, Can
ada-
TWICE MARRIED.
A busy day in the courts was yester
day in matters affecting the welfare of
mismated couples'. Twelve new suits
for divorce and one for annulment of
marriage were filed, eleven divorces
were granted, a cross-complaint was
recorded and a woman who was denied
a divorce on Monday asked the court
to reconsider its decision.
In the case last mentioned Dina
Smtth Is the aggrieved person. She
sued Andrew Smith, who rents horses
and wagons to peddlers, on the ground
of neglect. Judge Hunt declined to
grant the decree when the husband tes
tified that he was willing to fulfill his
marriage contract. According to her
affidavit for a rehearing, the wife went
to his place of business on Tuesday and
he received her with vile words and
was about to strike her with a wagon
spoke when she warded the blow.
Among the new suits died, that of
Anna Catherine McCausland against
William J. McCausland, a journeyman
carpenter, sets forth a domestic trag
edy. They were married in 1S99 and
lived happily until he took to drink and
"changed his nature." Then a girl
named Carrie Love came upon the
scene as a guest of the husband's aunt
and uncle. Then William, who had
been in the habit of coming home early,
took to staying out late, and usually in
the company of his wife's rival. She
opened a letter from Carrie to William
and its terms of endearment were the
last straw.
Marie Merkel, who married Sebastian
Merkel in 1S95, sues him for divorce on
the ground of cruelty, which, she says,
commenced in 1*SS and continued in
specified instances up to the present
year. He owns $8000 worth of Mission
street realty, $5000 in other property
and has 5C0OO in bank. She wants $100
a month.
Din a Smith Says Husband
Coaxed Her Home, Then
Drew Wagon Spoke on Her
GOOD HAS TWO WIVES
Then the defendant mounted the wit
ness stand, and after winking know
ingly at Clerk Barney Conlan informed
the court that she was a good Demo
crat, Bryanesque in national Issues,
with a leaning toward the "Horses and
Carts" faction of the local party. As
for Mrs. Annie's accusations, she would
like to have Mrs. Terry, then in court,
refute them. Which was done as well
as Mrs. Terry could do it — even to the
extent of asserting that while under the
Influence of beer Mrs. Julia was arhla
blllty personified, a fact known to
Terry through her having drunk from
th<? same "growler" with Mrs. Julia.
"They* drank from the samecanteen,"
"'It was impossible to put up with
her ways.',' Mrs. Annie testified. "Good
ness knows, I did my best to endure
her and preserve peace in the family,
but the more I forgave and tried to
forget the harder she rubbed it in.
When she wasn't drunk she was try
ing to borrow money to buy drink,
and every time she got drunk she want
ed to run the house. I had her arrested
because she disturbed the peace of
the neighbors as well as mine."
All of which was fully corroborated
by William John Duffy, who boards
with Mrs. Annie, but is not related by
blood to any of the parties in the case.
It was no part of Mrs. Annie Duffy's
wedding compact that she take a moth
er-in-law into her household, but she
filed no objection when her husband
proposed that his maternal relative be
installed as a permanent inmate ot the
new home which he had established in
Guy place, a short cul-de-sac shooting
westward from First street, between
Folsom and Harrison. Although
the young bride had read and heard
much about the discomfort of having
one's husband's mother constantly in
.domestic evidence, she had no misgiv
ing concerning her ability to dwell in
amity with Mamma Duffy, whose tem
peramental sweetness was enthusias
tically vouched for by her son.
"She is not the mother-in-law depict
ed in the comic papers and described
by the stage monologists," said Mr.
Duffy, "and you'll find her experience
as a housekeeper of great help to you,
to say nothing of her charm as a com
panion while I am absent."
So It was with a happy heart that
the younger woman welcomed the elder
and exerted herself to make their rela
tionship mutually pleasant. The best
room was given to Mamma Duffy, and
Mamma Duffy had the choice seat at
table and the daintiest portions of the
food. There was nothing too good for
Mamma Duffy. All that worried Mrs.
Annie was a fear that she might over
look some means by which she could
contribute to Mamma Duffy's bliss.
That care, however, gradually ceased
to canker, the alleviating cause
being Mamma Duffy's conduct.
Mamma Duffy, in fact, proved posses
sion of all the traits ascribed to moth
ers-in-law by the funny writers and
artists and actors. She likewise re
vealed a few that were hers exclusive
ly. Among the latter, according to
Mrs. Annie's testimony yesterday be
fore Police Judge Cabaniss, were a pas
sionate fondness for alcoholic stimu
lants and an annoying habit of bor
rowing small sums of money and
neglecting to pay her creditors. As for
nagging. Mamma Duffy fairly reveled
in it.
Policemen McGowan and Condon
packed a valise with wooden blocks
and left It at the ferry station as a de
coy for a thief who had made a special
ty of stealing gripsacks and their ex
periment was rewarded by the capture
of Robert Benson. He will be sen
tenced to-day by Judge Cabaniss.
Charles Kaiser, engaged to -marry a
young woman whose name did not
come out in testimony, went to 2030
Fillmore Btreet to remove his fiancee's
trunk from her apartment to the new
home he had prepared for her, and
while carrying the trunk upon his back
he missed his footing at the head of
the stairway and fell to the bottom,
the trunk atop of him. His face was cut
and body badly bruised, but he valiantly
resumed his task and stuck to It until
he had conveyed the trunk to its des
tination. Then he got drunk and
while in that condition was arrested.
Case continued by Judge Cabaniss.
"William Ferguson, a marine fireman,
who was born and bred In merry Eng
land, was arrested by Patrolman J.
Nelson, of Scandinavian nativity, for
battering F. TV. Kahrau, whose eyes
first opened in Germany, and Judge
Cabaniss heard the polyglot testimony.
The alleged assault occurred in the
Kahrau residence, 566 Folsom street,
and Mrs. Kahrau and her three
daughters— Jennie, Emma and Flos
sie — testified that Mr. Ferguson, while
visiting the family In a sociable way.
suddenly became turbulent and after
striking and knocking down all the
female witnesses, attacked the hus
band and father, blackening both his
eyes and delivering some hard body
blows. Mr. Ferguson has reserved his
defense till next Tuesday, when he will
have "William Lautle, a compatriot and
brother stoker, who Is now at sea, on
hand to testify that the beating of the
Kahraus was provoked.
• • •
Annie Atwood was arrested for va
grancy a month ago and Judge Fritz
continued the case for thirty days to
give her opportunity to make good her
word that she yearned for decent liv
ing. So, when she was rearrested
night before last for a similar offense
and placed before the same Judge for
trial yesterday morning, she demanded
and was granted a Jury* trial, her evi
dent belief being that she could be no
more harshly dealt with by twelve
men than by the one man whose len
iency she had repaid so ungratefully.
Her bail Is $50.
"I don't know whether string beans
is part of the dinner bill of fare In the
County Jail," said his Honor, "but if
they're not you may be given some
other vegetable just as palatable."
Judge Conlan gave John Murray
four months for stealing a sack of
string beans from the doorway of a
Front street commission house that
had been closed for the night. John
pleaded ignorance that the beans be
longed to any one in particular and
said he picked up the sack because he
hated to see the sidewalk obstructed.
Besides, he was very fond of string
beans whrn * they "* were "properly
cooked.
John Tiernan and Maggie, his wife,
hadn't tasted ardent spirits for nine
months when John suggested that the
"growler" be rushed, as he felt a thirst
that water would be powerless to al
lay. Maggie adopted the suggestion
and the result was the arrest of both
for drunkenness and unseemly conduct
on Folsom street, near Seventh.
"The woman seems to have been the
tempted instead of the temptress in
this case," said the Judge, "and I have
a reversal of the usual order of things
by dismissing her and fining him $5."
Lottje Gonzales, arrested for va
grancy, hoped that Judge Fritz would
postpone his hearing of her case until
a boil on her neck could be subjected
to surgical treatment.
"For it worries me so much," Lottie
explained, "that I hardly know
whether I am standing upon my feet
or my head. Why don't you let me go
out and get it attended to?"
"Because," replied his Honor, "I'm
afraid that you might forget to return:
that the mental aberration you- alluded
to might outlast your putative physi
cal ailment. The prison doctor will
treat it for you and the treatment
won't cost you a cent. Come back
when you feel better and I'll treat you
for vagrancy."
TV. J. Stewart invited his sweetheart
to partake of refreshments with him
at a sandwich stand on Third street
and the invitation was accepted. The
lady ate a hamburger steak and Mr.
Stewart gnawed an ear of green and
succulent corn. Then the trouble be
gan. Mr. Stewart, whose cash capital
was limited to 40 cents, disputed the
caterer's bill, whereupon the lady re
marked that he was "a cheap skate"
to submit her to the humiliation of be
in? personally Involved in such an ar
gument. Angered by the chiding, Mr.
Stewart kicked. in the door of the per
ipatetic restaurant and otherwise mis
behaved himself until he was arrested.
Judge Conlan fined him ?5.
Attorney Johnnie Greeley for the de
fense, himself a "Horse and Cart" of
no mean activity, expressed his entire
satisfaction with the ruling. Then the
defendant deliberately winked at Bailiff
Mahoney and withdrew.
hummed Bailiff Mahoney as the case
was submitted for decision.
The Judge said a very delicate task
was imposed upon him by the defend
ant's declaration of her political prin
ciples and factional allegiance, as he, a
McNitb adherent, must repress a nat
ural prejudicial tendency and permit
justice alone to dictate his judgment
involving the punishment of a "Horse
Cart." Let it be recorded, there
fore, that he continued the case for
thirty days, allowing the defendant to
go free during the interim and on se
curity no more substantial than her
own recognizance. Could rinding be
more impartial— he might say more
lenient — than that?
Unusual Run of Actions Re
lating to Differences of
the Unhappily Married
Young Mrs. Annie Duffy Tells Judge Gabaniss of
How Her Husband's Maternal Relative MoreThan
Lived Up to the Claims of the Comic Writers
DIVORCE CASES
HAVE MONOPOLY
MOTHER-IN-LAW PROVES
TRUTH OF A TRADITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. AUGUST IS, 1904.
NEW BASSO
MAKES HIT
AT TIVOLI
9
JjE\V APVERTlS^myTS. Iru-un^-u-^n-rur
Newbr.cs Herpicide
The ORKJIVAL remedy that "kills the Daniruff derm."
GOING-l GOING*!! GONE!!!
KlflClK ItU UTE7T. ? IE!r!C!D£ fill SATE IT. TOO UTE FOB KatICSE.
THE LA. "DIES OBJECT reflected" In the enormous sale of Newfcro's Herpl-
to a eummy and sticky hair dressing, or one that clde. Ladles become enthusiastic over Its refresh-
Is full of sedimentary chemicals Intended to dye injt qaaJlty and exquisite fragrance. It destroys
the hair. The earked preference for a dainty the mkroMc growth In the scalp, cures dandruff,
dressing, particularly one that overcomes excess- stops- falling hair andjrlves It a silken floss.
tv« olllnets and leaves the hair light and fluffy. Is STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY.
Dm Stores. Sim Senrf 10c stisot to REIPICtOE CO; Best H. Betrai. WdL, for I mo*
APPLICATIONS AT PBOMIiraWT^BABBES SHOPS.
GKAPE-XLTS.
A LJMIT
; . One Thing Food Can't Do.
Food can't exactly paint a picture,
but grower food to restore the dailj-
¦w ear "and tear on brain and nerves as
¦well body can help. A successful
&rt£st eaye:
"1 had been troubled with dyspepsia
lor 25 years and my eystem was so run
down I was so vreak and miserable life
¦was a burden to me until I made a
great discovery about food.
"I am an artist by profession and at
that time was painting a large marine
i piece, but being in such poor health I
could cot do Justice to it, and no mat-
ter how often I changed It there seem-
ed always something wrong. Success
. lay Jest out of my reach because I did
not* have the strength and vigor of
brain as well a* bodily strength to ac-
complish what I knew lay within me.
"Looking around me for help I decid-
ed to try a food I had heard so much
about, and that was the way I was led
to use Grape-Nuts and It came at the
right time. I had hardly given It a fair
trial before I began to feel so much
better, my dyspepsia disappeared and
I commenced to feel stronger and more
(i vigorous all over, head and all, and it
v,as not long 1 before I was back at my
work again with renewed energy and
Interest.
* "Even more substantial proof of the
belp I got from this food was when I
finished my painting and put It up for
i exhibition. Critics said it was a mas-
terpieqe and I sold it a short time ago
at a very good price. Before closing I
want to mention the fact that my
mother. In her S5th year, keeps strong !
end in fine spirits on her Grape-Nuts." i
Name giv*n by Postum Co.. Battle
Creek, Mich.
Get the little book. "The Road to
.TtfreUvHle/* la-cacb,4?ks» __*
¦ AMUSEMENTS. \
<UUUUmBlf4 lEADISQTKEATEi
FAREWELL WEEK.
Last Threw Nljhts— Matinee Saturday.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRYMILLER
In Henry Arthur Jones" Comedy,
JOSEPH ENTANGLED
CNBXT MONDAT NIGHT— Direct
mb from N. Y.. Arnold Daly
Shaw's MasterT>r«» %jyp H l§
SEATS NOW READY. »
CALIFORNIA
All This Week 1
The Elmer Walters Company.
Presenting
JUST BEFORE DAWN
A Stirring Play, Depleting a Struggle
Between Capital and Labor.
Sunday Mat. — The Man of Myrtery
SPECIAL — Sunday Evening, Aug. 2S.
Opening of Four Weeks' Engagement
of the Distinguished and
Popular Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Under the direction of Frederic
Belasco. Commencing with
TX2SS of the DTJRBERVTI.I.ES
Seat Sale Next Monday, August 22.
HERE'S A GREAT SHOW!
Emmett Devoy and Company : Three
Jturarllntr Barretts : Little and Prltzkow;
Walter C. Kelly; Gayer and OTfeil. and
Orpheum Motion Pictures, Showinc the
SPEED TRIAL OF THE OHIO
LAST TIMES of the Original MADCAPS;
FOY and CLARK and the HUGHES MUSI-
CAL TRIO.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c, 25c and 50c.
i '. '-,.'-, ¦--.; •¦ *;, ¦ \ ' . ' .; .-•,. : > - • *
GRAND Sol^
last Thrae Nijrhts — Matinee Saturday.
MB - THE
JAMES LOTTERY
NEILL nr ,nur
In Augustln Da- VI LUIL
ly*B Comedy
FIRST TIME at 15c, 25c, 50c
Nezt Sunday Matinee,
HELD BY THE ENEMY |
AT /"I A T A T> Belasco & Slayer.
ALCAZAR rsrs&
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT^— AH* WEEK.
MATINEES TO-DAY and SATURDAY.
Evg., 25c to 75c Mats. Thurs. & Sat., 25c to 60a.
lA/HITFE I AHD THE AlCAUH CO. [
WHITTLESEY
IN WILSON BARRETT'S dramatiraUon of
THE MANXMAN
BY HAU. CAINE.
"Suits th« part excellently." — Chronlcl*.
"Well acted throughout."— Post.
FINE CAST— BEAUTIFULLY STAGED.
Monday, August 22— Mr. WHITTLESET IN
"THE PRIDE OF JENNICO."
CENTRALS
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South S33
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Time Here of Theodore Krezner*s Tre-
mendous Success.
For Her Children's Sake
The Melodramatic Hit of the Year.
First Appearance of the Central's New Lead-
Ing Lady.
ETHEL CXiX7TON.
DDIPCC Evenings...... 10c to 50c
rnlWCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next— A SPY AT PORT ARTHUR.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB5Y ST. Established
In 1»S* for the treatment of Trlvate
Diieases. Lo*t Manuood. Debility or
disease vrearingon hodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcureswlien
others fail. Try nun. rharges low.
«'urni;aa»nUr<l. Call or write.
»r. JT. r. GIB BOS, ban Francisco. Cai.
AMUSEMENTS.
/AGRICULTURAL,
Horticultural
r ' >and Livestock,
Exposition,
TWO WEEKS OF RUNNING
8c HARNESS RACING.
EXHIBITS CARRIED r/ZEE.
L.R.JXIiller B.ERUSH?
Secretary president*
SACRAMENTO. CAL.
TIVOLJSift
3 on To-night and Bn
WEEK Bnoktn' Ptndii. ia W WEEK
tis Prosiauds Ci:tls.
The Superb Tlvoll Sensation — THE
Toreador
By Ivan C»ryll and Lionel Moncton.
WITH AN UNRIVALED CAST.
Usual Ttvoll Prices — 23c. 50c. 73c.
OXLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST WEEK OF
"THE WHIRL OF THE TOY/H."
New Songs, Dancea a.nd Ssecialtleai
Commencing NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
By Will Carleton and Lee- Johnson.
A Complete and Original Musical Burlesqns,
filled with ut>-to-<late Novelties and Fnr-,
Three Great. Magnificent Acta.
Our Unexcelled. Unrivaled Company.
Reappearance Next Monday o{
MISS GEORGIA D-RAMET.
America's Cleverest Soubretta,
Seata Now on Sale.
Matinees Saturday and Sanday.
Same Pocular Prices*.
Hlffn-Clmss specialties Every Aftcxaooa
and Evening in the Theater.
TO-HXGHT— — •
GAIiA A^IATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
Take a R16> en the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
PwAILROAD.
THREE BABY UOXTS X3T THE ZOO.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 9a
When Phcr.Inr Ask for the Chute*.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL.
San Francisco vs. Tacoma
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
WTrDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance sale of feats at 5 Stockton st."
Pafarp Dmi FAIL T0
i mate xh9 beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/\ f! fl room, the EM PI RE
uuu parlor, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
lirfiflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR. and the LA-
U j i DIES' WRITING
| Hotels R° QM -
WEEffifCAil
16 Pages. 61 per Year
» PRAGERS I FRAGERS I PKAGERS
8 On Every Purchase of $1.00 or More There Will Be
I "Something Doing" to the Amount of $1.00 FREE!
I Women's Apparel 75c Bureau Scarfs, 39c
1 T"** P IS is one of our Thursday offer- This is a bargain cvcry wom an who has any pride
I 1 [ n 8 S , and 1S a mone y saver of the best in her home will snap up. These bureau scarfs are
fl kmd * WAISTS. fun inches wide and VA yards long, and are
H t%Qs» QSf* ?A AS Beautiful Lawn worked in scroll designs and exceedingly pretty
| JUW, 7J^ IU tpi.«±t> Waists, in a large as- and usefuL They wiu wcar and wash weIL Thc
1 ffiSSEU' ffi^S? '&JS& .Hmmcd 7n !?«" ««"«» *« of ¦»«< scarfs b 7 5 c
B embroidery and medallions, with dainty Mexican .
H worked stock collars. The sleeves are large and the '.- -, .. * g^
H latest cut. The real values of these goods are from p^ <£| DFcIDG \^ 6ll lOF "«^C
!*,.._,*» N^ir^^i' 1V IT ?' . , t This is a splendid imitation of the Chantilly
I $13.9510 $15.50 ThYs d wee n k g wi^ of white, black, blacken
y some wonderfully beautiful new Fall Suits in many white, brown and navy blue. Each veil is \V 2 yards
u exclusive styles. They are made of the new. man- long, and all have neat and pretty fioral . designs
H nish mixtures, strictly all wool. Jackets have new around the edge of the borders. These veils are
B full sleeves, and are silk lined throughout Skirts finished with dots all ovrr.
I are even lengths, prettily kilted. All of these suits ,_, . .... _ . ' '. .
I come in various colors and styles to suit the indi- lhls Ve " we are °«ennf to-day is well worth
1 vidual taste. These low prices are in order prepar- $i.oo, and cannot be obtained for less on regular
I atory to the removal of this department upstairs. days, but as this is a special sale the price has been
I The suits are well worth $10-75 to $24.95. reduced to 49c.
I new tourist coats. Reliable Taffeta. I
1 95.05.^7.45 to $14.95- i. Fo
I These Coats are made of Silk SXC Thl3 Ta " cta 1S
N and English Cheviots, hand- | "VJV lc> i nc he3 wide,
y somely tailored, with or and is shown in the fol-
m without capes; some are IS FJ *i lowing colors: Reseda,
£ made of plain Black Taffeta; JkJ LJ|| -. j^K^ AJtoj Brown, Delph G i--et
1 Peau de Sole of unusually wmL AT W^W** R"FI IARI F* derful variety of colors.
B excellent luster. This silk £.| AL>VAlb KfcLIAiJLb This silk is strictly re-
g is warranted to wear well #1 l?.^* I25OMARKFT ST liabIe ' as its nar "'e im-
m and give satisfaction In ~ »*fVlO l«rilV l T lX\IVIULi 1 »jJl«JO»rta ,. _„„,! ,.
m every particular. We sell P' ie> « and " a> good a5
R this silk at 98c yd. ordinarily. " " the average 75c goods.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, • AUGUST 18, 190*.
10
JTjQD^lWQ-HOUgESrOR^A^E^Coa^
H. C. DECKER.: Established In 1S77
906 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING HOUSES.
11 rooms; Mason; new furniture. ...*.... <3CO
CO rooms; Market st ; only ....... i.. . 2,500
8 rooms; McAllister st. flat ...:...".... 450
31 rooms to trade for small .'house..... 2,600
2.1 rooms; Sixth and Market; rent $100. 1,500
15 rooms; Ellis st.; new furniture .V.... 000
6 rooms; rent .$10; a nice little home. 200
45 rooms; boarding-house: fine corner.. 2,500
3tt rooms; downtown* reduced to'.; .-... 1,100
0 rooms; line piano;, on Sutter. st 400
17 rooms; on Fourth »t. ; a bargain... 1.200
38 rooms; on Market St. ¦..¦../...'..•••••• . 3,000
40 rooms; reduced f rora :f 3500 ( to... ".'....• 2,200
15 rooms ; clears . *10O ••••••;: S'lSS.
Houses, large and small, from $50 to.. 20,000
Flat, 8 rooms and bath ......; . COO
11 rooms: good piano: on Sutter st 400
10 rooms: fine corner ...". •• £00
24 rooms;. transient ...;...:..;..... «.,.»00
7 rooms; modern flat; rent $33.....:... 450
10 rooms; Geary st.;- sunny.- side: 1 only- B00
3S rooms; the snap of the "season:, rent
$00; always full roomers; Decker
¦the only man who has If • 1,250
. DON'T FORGET THIS BARGAIN
SAND. NOW; ,' ' ¦ '
A Los Angeles sunny, bright", • corner family
rooming-hoiife;. the owner is ready to sell; the
price ' ia right and Decker ' has It; call; in-
vestigate. ¦ , - : ¦'.-•¦ !
TWENTY. HOUSES- TO EXCHANGE.
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market. st. :^cor< Stockton.
* : -' MITCHELL & • CQ.,' ' •:, : •
1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 20SL :
Rooming-houses, hotels and- flats; . will eel!
any house; part cash; balance easy. payment*.
45-r. transient; lease: rent $205:-clears $173.
11 r.; rent $55; downtown;- for $450.
44 i ;,rent $210; modern apartments; Al.
105-r. apartment:, rent $5 room; full.
MITCHELL &.O0.'. 1206 Market st.
A WEICK'S news for 5 cents— Th*"w<Mk!y Call.
. 16 pages. In wrappas-. for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET BEATING' AND CH.EANIHTQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process uni-
versally used for cleaning carpets on • floor
without removal; carpnts and rugs are also
. cleaned by compressed air at shop; price*
' moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 308 Market st.; phones Mafti 152 and
Bush 479. *r>V ,i- i r .-
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
s-?nd Tor SPAULDLNG'S Pioneer Carpst-beat-
ing works, C55-357 Tohama Ft; Tel/ South 40.'
MTTCH'ELL'fc. 240 Fourteenth' st.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel.= Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S«) Har-
rison St.: Al cloning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East; 120.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresgos made over. 1432 Howard :tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;'
tel. Main 304. GEO. W A LOOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-bcatins works; prices
r-asonable. 1703 Harrison st.;.teL Mission 23JJ
| coMiECTiqar ,9KT^9 1E ?^:.:
Bad tenants • ejected for $4; collections -made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 413 ¦
Montgomery,' rooms 0- 10; tel. Main 55S0.
S&XJS^AXJCRJJLNS'SEASSSTRESSES.;
PARISIAN dress cutting system, . a European
"Invention; absolutely perfect; . a child can
learn It: pupils make dresses; terms easy;
hlph-elnss dressmaking- done. r. 811 'Leaven-
worth st, •-• :
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve; classjlOll) MkC
Accordlon, . sunburst ond .knife-plaiting.- Stew-
art's button &. buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DEI7TISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
¦warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; niUuga. 60c;
plates. $5; full ft; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlor*, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.EIeventh
— No charge for extracting -when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting 50c;' gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building. 100.1 Market St.. room 20>3; all flrst-
claso dentistry at low, prices.
GOLD finings. 75c;. silver. 33c; crowns $2* no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.201 Suttex
DR." R. L. WALSH has moved from 847~Geary
st. to 5S0 Geary.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny cor Bush
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowna.S2 up; fllllngs.25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist r.l4.1-t
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York" den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 9Ca Mission.cor. 0th.
A WEEK'S news for, 5 cents — The Weekly Call
IK page*, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
SPIBITTTAI.ISM.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c. 619
McAllister; readings dally. 1720 Sacramento,
near Van Ness. . -
C'-V. MILLER'S seance to-night, 8 o'clock:
Sunday. .l:3i> p. m.; $1.. lCe4*Bush st. .
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, seance for full
. formg Sunday evening. 32S Ellis St.; 60c.
Mrs. Eurr (formerly Anthony), medium, life
reader. 711 Harrison. ' nr. 3d; 1. 25c; g. 50c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNET. business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
IK pa^os, in'wrr«>per. for mailing, $1 per year.
JOIIX D. SPKECKEI^ Proprletoi
.JOHN* McXAUGIIT Manasei
A<idr«iis OoaJtriun Scat ions to
W. J. MARTIN Business 3>Lauagci
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CALL. The Op«rator WS11 Con-
nect Tou Witb tfce Depariaaent Tou VV isn.
r*iibllc&tlon Office Market and Tn'.rd. S. F.
nattorlal Rooms £17 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 CIS. Per Week. 73
¦>. . Cts. Per Month. Sirx'.e Cori«rs 5 Cts. • -
Terms by Mai:. incluairiK P-wtage (Cash Wits
•DAILY CALL K.nclud. Sunday), t year... $S. 00
DAJLY CALL Unciud. .<'jr.day). 6 mos 4^00
DAII.T CALJ — Uy Sir.gi* Month <?•
SUNDAY CAU., 1 Year ;-°°
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year L l .
rnHFtrv I Daily... $8. »0 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN ; f ; 4 _,3 1>r year K.xtra
POSTAGH. .\\>«k!y. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE STHiSOmPTIONS.
Sample Copje* win be forwaxded whsn re-
quested.
Mall aubficrlbers in ordering change of ad-
Ar*u ebouid be particular to give both NE«
. AJv'D OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
«ueet.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
iej« Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
Xl« Center Street Telepbcae North 77
Washington correspondent:
.Samuel W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STAKDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotci: A. Brentano. 31
Caioa Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hold and HcfTman llouse-
CH1CAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cbcrsian Housp: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern BottI: Trerccnt Hcuse; Auditorium
. Hotel; Palmer Houw.
CHICAGO REr-RF.=ENTATr\'E:
C GEORGi; KROflNESS-.Marquette Bu'JdlTig
<Lcsg DiStaacc Teirphcne. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
'STEPHEN B. SUITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the £»n Francisco Call.
. corn«r Market ar.<1 Third streets: open, until
12 o'clock -very nigbt in th» year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
lfO8 Market s:r.-et. eppjsits Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
B27 Mcr.tgcinery nreet. corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m.
• ?00 Heye* atre-t; open until 9:30 p. m.
«S9 Mc/j:iHter «tre«?»: open until »:30 p. m.
f-ZZ Larkio street; open until 8:."D p. m.
394! Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1P90 Va!er..-ia street; open until 9 p. cs.
Konheest corner Church an1 Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. rru
2?<*) Fll'more street: open until 9 p. m.
»IEx:TI~G SO'I'lCi^S.
I A SPT5CIAL neeUSS «»f Godfrey grig
de St. Omar Council No. 1, j5i
Kniphts Kadrsh. A. & A/ Scot- SI — o»iL-'»!
t sh R:te of ,":•>¦: --n ¦".:;.. w - :: fi^Sii^5
be heia in Ccrr.manirry Hall, Jr— 'Ji£~jr
imfr.nic Temple, on THURS- iPSi ¦
I'AT nVEM.VG. Aueu«t 1*. **¦!*?•!
11X»4. at 7:".O o'clock: d?5ree
30tli; banquet. V:s:t:nir brethren cordially in-
•vii«4 HENRY BURNER. Recorder.
MISSION Chapter No. 7P. R. A. M.— e
<:at*d BMine THIS (THURSDAY) VV
KVEN'IXO, 7:;*.O o'clock: rcyai arch /V\
<>^r-<». 35y order of x\:c II. P.
JNO. n. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORr.iA ].<>•.«• No. 1. F. & A. o
*!.— \\i'.: mcei THIS <THT'R.t ; PAY) VV* '
EVXXnCTJ at l:"/> c'clcvk: third de- /VN
frre-- FRANKLjX H. 1>AY. ?ec.
c LA PARFA1TE UNION Lodge No. 17. e
F. '& A. M. — Call"! meeting KRIDAT. YY I
August 19. 1904. at 8 p. m. ; f.rwt is- /VN I
irree. By crdei of th- W. M. ¦
P. ST. JULIE N. Secretary.
FIDELITY LMre No :2rt F. & A. M.~ o |
ep*clsl :r.eotin* THI.- (THURSDAT) VV
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock: third <ie-
gr^f Matter lla«3ns cordially invited.
Ry order 'of the VC. M.
FBEDEHICK IiAHP.Y, Secretary.
"DORIC Loi?» No. 216. F. ,t A. M.— 3
.Thirl decree THIS eTHUBSDAY) W
EVENING. 7 :30 o'clock. Marter Ma- /*/\
tons cordially invited. By order of
the Ma^^r J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
STARR K'.r.g Loipe No 344. F\ U O
A. M.. 317 Dev!r-3dero pt.— Third de- "V^f*
gr*e THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING /V\ '
£t 7:?.O o'clock. Matter Ma«ons ccr- ;
diaJly icvitel. Ry ortfer of ih" W. M
_^ A. A. A.VDKR^ON-. Secretarj'- j
UNITY Lodge No. C!. ECuights o'
Pjtiiias, will conftT the Knipht *ar->t&rf
Rink rlong form) on THURSDAY "5??W»^ I
tVEXI.VG at 0 r 1> Market Ft. Au- £%?2> I
curt 18. All brother J-night;. ar»
. cordially Invited to attend. By order of
E. B. KIMBALL. C. C
S. W. GATES. X. cf R. and S.
ev*ry *»con<3 and last THURS- K C? V
•" DAY of th« mcTitb «t 102 1
OFarrell et at 7.30 p. m.> I
JOHN A. LjrUBIBEATICH. Mafc*i?
V. RADOJEVICH. Se-rctary. iJ^JH
THE »rini:al mcetinz of the stockhotders of
Pacific Dadertakem rrill b» hf-M at th- Ct-
rl'^ cf th* c<:rrjr«.cy. 777 M!55lr.r. Ft.. ?an
Fr»nclsco. Cal.. TTESDAT, Auri«t 23. IMV4.
at b o'clock p. rr... for the of dlrrt-
rrr for the ensuing term and the transaction
of fjrh trainees a* may com« befor- the
raeeiirR. Trar.sfcr book* w'U close Friday.
A«ru»t 13 10^1. st 4 p. m. Bv orter of the
?r.,*,\ rt VlTf-i^rr M. C. CORHAM. S»c.
aoeitps •wx.irrrE.
AGENTF- An «ren^r for. a proposition ThirTs i
t -5«c<<Jf>d tmprrvem-r.t on h-jilding and ;osn
it worth 1 .avir.r Great W*» F tern Iniprove- 1
r^gr.t Comrany. Parrott bu'.ldir.g.
NEV.' rropoeltlor; lady rr centlem«n: active
C "t Mr r»V- HI ft Market fft.. r. T.H.
R. W. KING. Attorney- at-Law. K*aJn~bl4g" i
i,:h fluur; entranct- roota fill; established 15
year*; all cjfcs. ge-.enl coi^rt ana office I
i-ractii-e; no f<-c- in advance or tor consu!:a-
ilon; ev.ningt. L-y ai>P'j;:!!mrni 7"»-!. Retl .TOU. |
AfiVJCK fre<5 on ».:; itj^a! matter* ¦ dlT«rCM a
*p*cia;ty; r^lvate. <julck; nn ray in advu-»-
tu:nir,s ccn-p«nl»« orcKrlr-d v»i~r>'.r obtained 1
¦3..W. HOWK. K2-J Msrkr: yrs'
riVORCK— Costs. $12; quirk. qu>>t~a4vie«
free: ell law bu»n«.es: no charge unless sue-
«--;tfjl: <r>n Wtalagi . 027 Market, room 301.
ADViCE free; <3lvorc» conts . M2: no lt-% or
ccrxe in edvacc*-; a!l larr buHneaa: office
cp>n Saturday *v»>n1r.c«. *10 Market »t.. r.-3.
Cr.lamtlan I-atr A r-,-.i;*ct( C Ti Aser.cyTr. S5 01«
Market: tel. John solicits yd-jr busine-s.
J-. S. CLARK, fir; .Market rt.: ccriJimatloa I
tfr**: ro it~r :- advanc-: or»n »v-n!rg». x
££%££££?• a " ca ««: T™ <n»nirg». FRANK
COLIiOtRX, lawyer. P27 Market, room <2«.
£425?^ *J ad "* r - ! - 1 " "- A G- V" I J»AT-
i^NT & I^NSION- AOCr.. 214 Pine. «th doer. \
A ' ,F El:Kf! r * wg ff?r B <^f> f *~ Th* Weekly Ca'.l
.<•> p"ge«. In Trr?p;M-r. for :.-*:t:rc. fi per yesr
Airro^onrcrs.
¦WANTED— To bay a Ksrabler a~ut"on*r*ne7 ttCte
cana.tion rr.g ;, wegt i>rlce. Box 3:>59, Ca.ll.
A-ST/iraiA EEJIIEET. !
DT JJOLA'F Asthma Remr<Jy~^neves tnrtant-
K- X SS' I p"' 5 ,°J: v ICy:: Market. St. Nicholas:
i.:*n V.IMiart. 10th «r.d \V«>hingtcn. Oakland.
EIED3. DOGS. ETC.
TCtrNG parrcts. guarantred to talkTViTTach:
larsest veriety Cotm. Mtda. cases, etc at low
price*. 1 544 -40 Market «t.
HAP.TZ Mouritain canaries t African gr*v par-
rox.jtiat ;t«~f-ived. A.C. It", bison. :Zj Kearny.
BOA3XDII7G FOB CHUDSEr.
A SCOTCH widow would like a child or two '
tJ board; room for parents. 1735 Mission *t.
WANTED— By English lady' care of child 848
Valencia et.
BOOHS.
SCHOOL book*, eld and new. bought and aold
DALY ti CURP.AN. «7 Geary rt.
CI^JTgUTO BEJ OVATPTP.
f UITF . cleaned and pressed. 91; teauring and
- Cytteg. Bon March-. 49 Ellis st-. room 14;
pbosc r>nimVn 44. Call for and Celiver tre».
I BT7SPTESS CgABTCEja. n^ v
I A— $1200; corner saloon on Ellis St., rent $4(
I lease; dally receipts $18; fine location, goo
I business. Call R. G. WILKK, 2tt% Kearn:
i A — $1200; corner family liquor store; cholcei
' location in Western Add.; value In sigr
and a good paying business; 4-j yean
lease. Call Rl G. WILKE. 2ti>i Kearny r
A — $C50<J; SALOON, cue ot the ba«;t on Mark<
St.; 4^i-year lease; rent'$107; place is eh
frantly fitted up and never clearlnj; less tha
$350 per month. See R. G. WILKE, 2t5!
Kearr.i' st.
A— S2CC0; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 23 fui
nlshed rooms, dining and bar room, bawlla
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; hors«
wagon and 3 cows; 6-year lease. See R. C
WILKE, 2<iVi Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saioon; only one block c
Market st.; place established years; 4 room
upstairs: lease; rent $70; a good businesi
See R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny st.
A— $->CeO; CORNER ""saloon;""" living roomi
¦ p'.ace establ. years; doir.g a good-paying busl
1 neas; lease; sickness of owner compels hir
1 to sacrifice. 1^ U. WILKE. 2'J'/i Kearny »l
A— $'J000; BARBER shop. 4 chairs; elegan
fixtures ar.d clearing at least $00 per week
rent $75. including 7 rooms; located in choic
est business part of city. Call R. <3. WILKE
2UMi Kearny st.
A— I1CO0; BOARDING and roomins house; 3
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 beds
good furniture; lease; a well paying business
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A — $2200; COFFEE saloon and restaurant, op
poslte the ferry building; lease; place es
tablished years; dolns a rushing and gooi
paying business; fullest Investigation sollc
ited. R. G. WILKE, 2CVj Kftray st.
A — $3500; CORNER gTocery and bar on Fultoi
et.; rent $60; livins rooms; stock will In
voice about $2800; a well established an<
flrst-cl.tss paying business. See It. G
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— <ST<0: CORNER cigar stand on water front
rent $'J5; value in flsht; a good business
gee R. G. WILKE. 2B^ Kearny st.
A— $1500: WHOLESALE baker:/; dally sal«
about $50; new wagon. 2 horses, etc.; rent
$45; stock at invoice; only oa«h trade; a nr.<
business of/rr. Particulars R. G. WILKK,
2<;:, Kearny st.
A— $1750; GRiX'ERT and bar; located in th<
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
>ase. See R. G. WMLKE. 2CU Kearny st
A-$*o0; CORNER Saioon; rent $J0: located
about 3 block south of Market 'and Powell
st«. ; a good business; owner engaged in
other business « ause of sale. Particulars
_R. G.WILKE, _29^ Kearny st.
A— $2C00; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district: owner bought ranch
ar.d Facriflces; ralivn established years: a
first-class raying place. See R. G. WILKE;
264 Kearny st.
A — $1000: RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance: restaurant in San Rafael: daily re-
ceipts J20; rent J"0: good business; value
1n sight : patronized by best class of people.
Soe R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st. ;
A— $S00: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent ?J0; place doinic a fine business; sur-
rouna*d by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny.
A — SS500; EUSGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch: en Montgomery st., vicinity of
California: place rmsst be sacrificed on ac-
cc unt of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C 1 , Kearny st.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If ycu wifb to buy or sell propertr of any
description. 'lwe:i r.g or rooming house,
grocery. butrMer shop, delicatessen, branch
baker/, r ipar stand, Faloon. or business of
any kin-i. do not fa!! to call upon 11$; we
may rave ju«t ''•'hat you want to buy or a
purchaser lor .vliat ycu have to se'.l. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1V.2 Market st..
n-oms 41S-4M; telephone Fjiscm .-{408.
. """ ~
$1100— RESTAURANT and chop hous?: choice
corner or. Kearny; complete in every de'all;
_jcrst {2100. Merchants' Apcnc»-. lOoSVi Mkt.
BEST paying deiioatessen store in lively busi-
r.esF street: dcins: a flrst-cla«s cash busings:
value In sirht: owcr retiring. Ml^R-
CHAXTS" AGENCT. 100SJ& Markefst.
To buy cr se'l prop?rty conx-enient to Key
rout? Buttons. «•* RICHARD J. MONTGOM-
ERY. Ural Estate Dr-a!er. "Key Route Sta-
t'on." Fortieth st. and Telegraph ave.. Cen-
tral Oakland.
GOOD-PAJCnCU 07-room !r>d?inp-r]-)u«e on Post
St.. rear Sicckton; clears from $125 to $200
PT month: lone lease; reasonable rent: must
sell, en Hcoount of ether business located
out of city. Addr<-«s ownir. b:x 4"R2. Call.
BHAFtEi? in a valuable and approved copper
mine, fully dfveioped; money required to
builO reduction wcrks to treat 2O?,0C0 tons
of ore now on the ground. Arply 304 Mont-
jrom'-ry ft.
ISOCO—EXPERIENCED man in furniture busi-
ness with a few thouennd dollars; best
ch*>nre to make money in that line in a pros-
perous to«m in California. Inquire box
fgKB.-: CUt: office.
ETaOE line for sale: 10 stair* horses. 2 9-pas-
Btr.ger rtrces. ."{-rorm house and lot and
Fiace barr.; change ba:n. ICO acres of land;
w:«h to retire from busin^».«: scod paying;
st a bargain. A6<ir»%t box S950. Call offlce.
$350 SECURES a half interest !n an estab-
lished commission business; man must be
honest. Industrious and sober: references ex-
changed. Inquire 1007^ Market ct., room 1.
KA — Will you Invest S1CC0 -to mako $ SO0O to
$.-.000 yenrli in a bo!ia f.de business that will
Etand t»i? etrictest Inveytigatlon? Address box
1.11$. Cell otficv. Oakiand.
FOB talc -Leas* of hotel. !icenF« and stock, in
good town, adjacent to Oakland: thib ic a
Kood-puying btisinc-ss propcfitlon. Address
box 33<"S. Call office.
PARTNER, honest and (sober, with $4000, to
act as cashior and attend to correspondence
in optical bu.«lnee«; annual cash sales $25,000
_to S20.CCO. Ad.Irejs box 4354. Call offlce.
WA NTET>-- Reliable, active man with some
capital: f>tab!lth<=d hus'.neiw; pays $S*i mo.;
steady; li£M wcrk. Apply 87 TMr.l. room 14.
JIGAR ftore, must be cold: old established;
clu-'P rent; ieasc. l?ox ir?2i, Call offlc«,
Oakland.
UMK* SECURES interest in rentable light nifg.
buflntFs: nothiiig riiffimit to learn; value in
sight: Inside wcrk. 247 Fifth -t.
PARTNER wanted in established business:
t-mal! capita! required. Koom 25, 1014
Broadway, Oakland.
1250— PARTNER in co^<3-p.iying light busi-
r.ess: rtiv:sr b3 sober, reliable;, no Sunday or
_r.!pht wcrk. Sue.F. Berg. MS Kearny. r. 1.
5TATIONF.KT & nrtions; N". of il-irkt; 16 yrs"
*rs!«b.; trade 2 schools: little opp. ; handsome
pr. l.t«. MITCHELL & CO.. J2CR Market.
"OR fale — Ix>j-In;;-hous» with her and grocery
stori; doir.^ st'xi business; cheap. 147
OtplUl ft.. Vallejo. Cal.
"OR pal<? — OU-e^tablirh'd stationery Jt perlodl-
ral business, with a Ionic leasts. Apply to E.
BAUER. S. - F. News Co.. 342 Geary st.
tlOOO- ¦ A FINELY Tumished r.nd well-stocked
Mlocn iii or«. <»,• tlie best country towns. Ap-
_ r 'l2Lf l _l rC ''" S Wasliir.jton st.. Oakland.
V BARGAIN— OH established Trimming, har-
nes* ami carriage, business : . sellin? account
sickn^sr. Bex 12SC. Call offl-e. Oakland.
FOR Vale— An inu-rest in one cf the best-pay-
ing g-.>cery b'j«ln^s?»s In San Francisco.
Box 33Q1J Czil o'flce.
HEAT market averaging $50 business per day-
trade find location bes.t ;x>i)si>>le; owner out
of health. Address G.. 210ti Fifteenth st.
\. — $385: Kal^ch worth ?000; l!cens». stock, j
flit.. Hv.-rms. Brcokbank-Norton. 817 Mkt!
V— ?2<K); PARTNER v. upTed ; \"$13 to $35~a
wx-k. Particulars at 47 Geary st.. room S.
illOO — 6ALOON on Trrtrd St.; good stock; rent
SZZ. KOOP & GOODY, 719 Market St.
;iGAR stand and billiard hall; good location.
Box 40€4. • Call.
rer.t — Saloon and fine 7-roorn house. Ap-
ply ANTOXIA DAVELLA. Alvarado. Cal.
.300 — 6ALO0N llcenra fnr sale. ~SwT corner
of Sf\enth and Townscnd Rt. j 1
;jf#OO — OLD corner grocery /and liquors;, best 1
neighborhood; no opposition. lC93.Po»t st.
y you want to buy any kind of business call :
and «« BERG. 31 S Kearny st." ; "
VANTKD— A branch bakery, can*r »nd notion
Etcre: state prices . Box 4339. Call; '
L.ARQE comer ealoon for sal* : newly fixed
ui^; cheap; make offer. Box 2904, Call office.
;600 AND $350—2 groceries; muit be sold at
a sacrifice; going East Apply 28&S Folsom.,
WANTED— A grocery and bar In some good
location. Addieca b»x 3471. - Call offlce.
WOOD and coal business in b*»t part of Weet-
- ern Addition for »ale. Box 34S4, Call offlce.
•ARTNER wanted, or sell In whole; 15 rooms
and saloon. 212 East st.
r OR rent— Furnished hotel In San Miguel San
Luij Oblspo Co. -Inquire W. V., 520 Lyon st.
BUSINESS CHAHCES — Ooatlnned.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone bouth 1050.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chance*.
. FOR sale — Well furnished 5- room ark. moored
one hour's ride from clt"- fine chance for
eummer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; generators for
making own gas;^toilets; closets: everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people o\er night; pertect little home: owner
obliged to go East; make cn>r. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rrag.-ha. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED— To exchange income property In
Alameda for stock of merchandise In San
Francisco. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
I FOR sale^ — Carriage and wagon factory and
j general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
! lecatert and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
j from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
j
- EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business 1 chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy »t. 1
FOR exchange— Lot. 25x125. with cottage. East
Oakland; high banement; cement sidewalks;
everything first class; on direct car line; for
rooming- house, S. F.; value $2000. CAM-
ERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sal*? — Wholesale and retail manufactory
for making all kinds of toilet articles, such
a«i fsse creams, tooth powders, shampooing
i liquids, cold creams, toilet watars, perfumes,
etc.; established 4 years; will bear strictest
Investigation; above goods in daily use and
must be had; guarantee handsome profits;
mi: .«t sacrifice on account of sickness; prioQ
$nOO. CAMERQN &. CO., 3 Eddy s^
X.ODCIlfG-EOTJSES 70S SAX.E.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phono South 105a
.1 Kddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
. Htadquaxters for Rooming-bouses. Hotels and
j All Kinris of Business Chances.
j, PO-roim. new, modern 2 and Z room apart-
ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
• gain on account of sickness.
28 rooms; elegant fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; -doing fine business; will trade for large
apartn:ent-house and pay cash difference.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly !
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if Uesired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out cf the house; other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
5- year lease a:id contract for furnishing; new
j and up-to-date 40-room house; fine central loca-
tion; party suddenly called East.
; 108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
I electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rocms; well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make otTer; exclusively with
us.
20 rooms. n*w and elegantly furnished, or
Sutter; raying a handsome profit on Invest
Rent; oali for particulars.
30 rooms: newly furnished throughout; 5-
yc-ar leare; downtown: fine respectable money-
ir.akins house; I'art down, balance irasonabl'
interest.
S-room flat; rent only ?50; water free; caV
furniture; good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 1 : price S4C0.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
ni5l:ed: cheap rprU; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 p*r month; $400O down, balance 5
per cent per annum; departure.
15 rocms: rent S65; best block on MlsMoi!
street; good buy and worth the price: $800.
«5 roon:s; b«>st downtown commercial hous«
in city; clearing now $."500 r*r month; every-
thing flrst----Ja»K condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alam««la or Berkeley, property or ranch
in California.; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; ffoorf
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
mu«t leave city: malje an offer.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years" lease; fine
downtown Incatlon; 2 entrances; everything in
:'.rst-cla«s condition; good furniture and car-
pets: clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $"»r.O to |3'0 per menth; here is
best proposition In city.
7-room modern fiat, close, in. well furnished •
cost $600; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
10S rcoras; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished*
clearing $t00 to $600 psr month; must sell on
account of other business: only with us.
fiO rooms; netr, mod«rn building; elegantly
furnished; close in: full flmt-closs people;
clearing a handsome profit: fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 room?; rent $14fi; new and elegantly fur-
nlshed; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
45 room*; rent only $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished ar.d good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full: best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
1P0 rcoms: grand, new. modern apartment-
houae; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $300 to $CCO per month;
clc;e in; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
23 -rooms: central; 4-yekr lease; clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment house in city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
S4 rocms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In f.ne «h:ipe; fine little apartment -hous»;
clears $150; reduced to $2800. •!>'
I-arge list of real estate, ronming-houre* and
business lor exch^nsc or trade always on hand
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy Bt. '
MARION GRIFFIN.
40C Hearst bidg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Thlr<1 and Market sts. Tel. Black 3U07.
Rooming houses and hotels for sale.
A— 140 ROOMS; flrst-class hotel with bar; will
positively clear over $1000 Der month; noth-
ing Jn San J^rancisco outside of the St. Kran-
cls Ifctei v.il! eijus.! It in Dolnt of furnlsh-
ir.K?; «-v-.ry room an outH'do room; steam
hf-at-d ar,<! every known modern convenience;
i? you are looking for on; of the city's best
business opportunities en easy terms; get full
particulars from MARION GRIFFIN,
jRooy 400. Examiner BlOg., San Francisco.
A- SUNNY CORN Er7~~ '
21 beautiful* bay-window roorrs: new and
beautifully furnished at a cost of S2500; on
account of immediate deoarture will- selt at
a creat sacrifice and on easy terms; thii l»
certainly worthy your immediate investiga-
tion. See MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Exam-
•> Inn building. ¦
L7 ROOMS— Elegantly and substantially fur-
nished: bor.ton location: absolutely worth
and should e?11 for $2000;.: It goes. If sold
at cwice. for $1250; worth th:s amount to an
auctioneer; come quick if you want a money-
maker »t a. harealn and a nice home. MA-
RION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bldg.
fSCO— PART ea«h: 14 rooms; well furnished;
nice house and well loca«««. M. GRIFFIN.
!4 ROOMS— Suttcr-st. corner; well and sub-
stantially furnished: always full ¦ of steady
roomers; highly rcepectable; net profit year-
ly. $lSOe, and al! we - are nsklng for < this
beautiful corner is . $3000. For particulars
_jwe_my acent. MARION GRIFFIN.
rRANSIHNT— Extra well furnished; qule^ 80
rooms; lease; clears $2M; should clear $«50;
price $."000, part cash. M. GRIFFIK.
10 ROOMS— I'rivate boardlnir-house; one of
Ban Francisco's most desirable corners: earn-
ing now « Diofit of $150 rer monthf on ac-
count of nickness will sell at half value: for
location. yDarticularn, etc., see my agent, -
MARION GRIFFIN.
PjOO, COUNTRY hotel,- "cieara $250 a month;
$r.r.OO, deliracy store, best legitimate city
place, clears $300; $1200. restaurant and
furniture, established 12 yeara; $500. branch
bakery. Bush Et. ; $<500, candy store; $.1000
¦ hotel, city. 44. rsnt $C0, fine business; $3200
saloon, city front, fine bar trade; lodging-
houses, 7 to 20 rooms, cheap; free list of all
kinds fcr sale or exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL, 21^ Kearny st.
WANTED — To leoee a house of 45 to 60 rooms
unfurnished. Address, with rent, , etc.. Box
3404. Call offlce. '
J500— ROOMING-HOUSE; 17 rooms; rent $50;
good condition. KOOP & GOODY. 719 Market.
RESPECTABLE rooming-house of 13 rooms'
rent $35; price $550. 149A Fifth et. . .
20 ROOMS; rent $40; long, lease.. Apply 617
. Howard st. .Come, make offer.
c^ArayoTA jrrg.
•FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO ~~
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL. DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. $1.
He has met every expectation, every advw
tisea promise.
He is "acknowledged by all who consult his
as a true exponent of the occult science- frr
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health busi-
ness, love, family ana financial worries: wou!1
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that ar«>
troublir.gr ycu and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success*
Then don't hesitate until too lat#.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who is permanently located at
42S Eddy st. : lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential. J* I :
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous ?3 readlncs this week for 11.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your nasse, ani
what you want to know. I tell if husband,'wlf»
or sweetheart is true or false, whom ar.d when
you will marry; in fact, I win tell every hope
fear or ambition better than you can tell your^
self. I will improve your* condition so you will
reach the greatest possible st.-er.jtn In meatai
and , bodtly vlgror. and luck that insures success
In business, mining, speculation: l implant th»
controlling; power In Ycur nature so you caa
. fascinate any one you desire, win the on« you
i ' love, brier back your loved one, and cause
marriagrs with one of choica. 10 a. m. to S
p. m.; closed Sunday. 32S O'Farrell st.. 828.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOlEi
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Examiner
bids. ; she reads your life correctly. Ktves an
accurate descripticn of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur • In the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic. love cr business troubles^ con-
sult this great medium and ycu will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice la
all affairs of life; 23c up; satisfaction guar>
an teed; open Sundays. Tell Black 45£3.
A — Miss M. Wille, S30 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. (1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young rifted clair. & palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 60c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. O. O. ave.
IS3JAR. Egyptian *?eres3. The Vendorae, 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hour* — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to S. Phone South 1141.
ELLBMETRE. Egyptian seer, clairvoyant; has
mysterious power; complete life readings:
guarantees desirable marriage; restores health
and fives controlling Influence. lCW-i Market
A— Go and "see MME. HOFFMAN, the wonder
of the are; know the truth. 1207 'Market.
room 11.
Mrs.A.H.Kroneab«rg, ra!rr.!3t,clairroyast, card
reader; when others fail try m*;grood readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.av. Tel-Larfcln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads U>: business ad-
viee; names given; 25o up. 8 dlia st.
MADELINE DERESHIA. 1206 Market itH
parlor 9; clairvoyant, paychio and palmist.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts; readings daily. 917 Market, room 10.
MRS. DAUMANN. the well-known fortuae-1
'.ellar. la now at 317 Ellis st.
EPTJCATIOarAXi.
A BIGGER school than erer. On Joae 1 *»
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mlaiton
St., between Third and Fourth; mar* space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the Wwt;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. ATRES. founder and manager Ayrea
Business College for 14 year*, haa returned to
take active management. Combined ooorse,
95 a month; life scholarship. $50. Day and
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A — The LTCEUM. an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. -Ptielan bldg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting give*
more performances and secures mcr*> engage-
ments for students than all othsr Western
schools; cpecial summer course. 414 Maaen.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS CO£kLEOB.I«33 M*p-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Plt-
tnan shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: (3 mot
BOOKKEEPING, Ens., math., etc; day and
eve.; Individual instr. 305 Larkin St., Prof.
T. A, Robinsorr. former prea. Pac. Busj. Col.
FRENCH and German private lessoaa by •>
European graduate. Address DENEKAMP.
Phil. D.. California Hotel.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, rain., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 136* Vaa
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. C!5T Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Men.. Wed. and Thurs., 2p..a, 833
Phelan bldg.; t»m* very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL. «02 Van Ness
ave.; poeltions secured. R. H. Wabster. Pre«.
ENGLISH lessons wanted. Write P. O bo*
2473.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett 302 JTontg*my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night elm.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Height;
Individual tnstruc.: all branches; day. eve.
WESTERN Business Colleg?, 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course, 8 mo. $30, eve. $4 mo.; private.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 923 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. : 75-page catalog en request.
A — JAPANESE and Chtripw- employment offlce
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Eacram«nta. Tel. Jam*s 5261.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japane^
Chinese help. 42B Powell st.: t?l Main 5732.
WE furnish bookke*p*m. clerks, stenographers
general help. "NATIONAL." 50S> Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinese Erap. Offlce. 413 Stockton";
beft help. Fritz Tamasraki.rasr. ;tel. Bush 85a.
RELIABLE Japanes»-Cli!ne?e Employment Of-
fice: all kindg tzljt. .U5 Stockton: 2Ja:n 51*8.
CHINESE and Japan's* help: e«tab. 20 years.
T«I. Main 1007. P.RADLEY A CO.. C4fl Clay.
sai:pi.<rrna;irr vrATst^rES — yEaiAis.
A LADY desires a position as houaekeapor.
city or country. Address MRS. A. PRES-
TON. M29 Mission at. *
A SITUATION for light housework ar.d cook-
Ing In small family; moderate wages. Call
1013 Howard St.; no postals. " \l.
2 HOL'SEWORKl.NG girls want sltuatlcna.
Capital Employment Offlce. 112 Turk st.
AN old lady would like to keep house for a
widower that has one or two children; cau
make and mend their clothes; Is fond of
chlldrpn: is good rook: wages not so much,
an object as a home. 127 Second st. room 7.
YOUNG lady wants position aa companion to
lady; understands music: used to entertain-
ing: had experience in traveling. Box 437U
Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER^ — D*eire a position as house-
keeper; a first-class cook; catering if neces-
sary; none but first-class persons need apply.
.Box 4C63. Call.
A GOOD position at housework or eookins:
flrst-class references; wa S es $30. Apply 220
Willow ave., oft Van Ness.
A WOMAN with 10 years* experience will call
at your home and give massage. MRS. JOHN-
SON. Phone Foiscm 3274.
A FIRST-CLAS3 laundresa wants work by
the day: washing. Ironing and housecleanlng.
1906A Mission St.,
A SWEDISH girl wishes a position ss cook in
small family; wages $23 to $30. Call at 1112
York st.. bet. 23c and 24th sts.
EXPERIENCED young lady stenographer.
with references, wants position. Addresa
Box - 4374. Call office.
COLORED rlrl wanta situation as chamber-
maid or day work; trasea $25. Apply 1021
Jack;on st.
ELDERLY lady wishes position aa house-
keeper; city or country. 13t> Fifth St.. be-
cwetn Howard and Ml3s:on.
POSITION as " housekeeper by lady of refine-
ment and experience. Box 43C0. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position
as housekeeper: city or country. Apply at
63.".- Stevenson st.
JAPANESE nice girl wants a position to do
light housework in small family In city.
S. . K.. 2S6 O'Farrell st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. 63 Lan*-
ton «t. . *
ARTISTIC <1re*Bmak!ns at nome °r *>* the day.
407 Van Ness ave. Phone 14S8 Mint.
A DVEF.TISEMi:NTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch oftice. cor. Duncan and Churca sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tb*
' Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
I A TON OF TEA-CELEBRATED '¦REE" BRAND' CEYLON TEA
OF GOLDEN GATE COFFEE
Last week proved very popular. Here is another of equal household value that should meet with
/ • even greater popularity.
jjl •*"* i> Ull V#A 1 £ H lust X m\A WJ V/ *^
Imported and Distributed by •
Goldberg, So wen ®> Co.,
THE LEADING GROCERS
On, THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY of this week every one bringing a WANT
AD. for NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL will receive a full weight lead foil packet of this tea FREE.
\ %* i LDEN IIPPFn Pfkof yyyy e^ ifti i/
"BEE" BRAND CEYLON, TEA sells for 50c, 6oc, 80c and $1.00 per pound. . ¦ '¦
Read what the importers and sellers of this high-grade tea have to say of it:
"In our judgment 'Bee' brand is the best quality Ceylon tea and the best value for the money.
We have imported it for ten years. Each importation (and they come four times a year) is
larger than the previous one. Ceylon Tea is picked by hand, but thereafter it is rolled and handled
entirely by machinery. This obviates the accumulation of perspiration by delicately scented
leaves. The far-seeing Englishman finds the commercial advantage of modern methods outweigh
its cost. (Signed), GOLDBERG, BOW,EN & CO."
Premium Given Thursday, Friday and Saturday to
NONE BUT BONA FIDE WANT ADS WILL BE RECEIVED.
Premiums distributed at Business Office, Third and Market Streets, and Oakland
Office San Francisco Call, i016Droadway.THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST IS. 1901.
11
I HORSES AHP'VAOQHS — C<mtlnn.«a.
TOP and open bugsies. new and second-hand,
cheap. 623 Fulton st t
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, . sur-
.-. reys; cheap. 100 Golden Gate ave.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness work and driving horses. 15th -Valencia..
HOT/SES TO -ET— rU-,-TIBg-P.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE. "NOB HILL."
FURNISHED.
To let for one year; owner to room and board
/ with family. Apply, at 819 California St., or
I room 24, 405 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath, completely fur-
nished; Bush st. near Mason. For particu-
lars apply to GUY T. WAYMAN. 129 Mont-
gomery st.
COMPLETELY furnished modern house, 8
room3| with nice garden. 2905 Washington.
TO I»~T. *
A — PRINTED list of houses to let;send for clr-
ciilar. G.H.UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery.
H0U8ES PTJBlfI3HEP— ¦ POB SAXJ3.
A HOUSE of 16 rooms; nicely furn.; rent $80;
water free; lease; no agent 407 O'Farrell.
INVALID O-CA-BS.
EOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt: tel. Park 775.
I.OST AHD fOTOD.
FOUND— The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions rtoral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must s'-ll: 2 stores. 811 Sutter and 1-04
Sutter. 6HIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST — One certificate of the Independent Red
Men'n Hall Association of ten shares (No.
B07), Issued In favor of Jos. Melczer; all per-
sons are cautioned against negotiating for
the earn*, as transfer has been stopped. C.
G. BOLSDORFF. Sec, 199 Fourth st.
LOST — On Battery St., between California an4
Market, a square locket, with stone in cen-
ter and inscription on back: the finder will
' be liberally rewarded by returning same to
NEW ZEALAND INS. CO.. 312 California st.
LOST — Lady's gold watch, between Grand
Opera-house and Golden West Hotel. Please
¦ return to room 31 Golden West Hotel and
receive reward.
LOST— August 16, bet 4 and 8, at ferry, an
. insurance book: return to 1002). Hyds; re-
ward.
LOST— By widow, small pur** containing
money, near Fourteenth and Mission sts.;
reward. Call branch, 106 Eleventh st.
$30 REWARD — Lost, lady's gold watch set
with diamonds, pearl pin attached. Address
box 4366. Call office.
LOST— Pin bowknot set in pearls; liberal r«-
, ward. Return 1526 McAllister at.
LOST— Sunday (14), Veteran Odd Fellows 1 jew-
el badge. Return 558 Liberty; $2 50 reward.
FOUND — Horse. Call 22 Circular ave,, Sunny-
elde.
LAUNCHES POB HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co.. Union-st Wharf ; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tcl. John 2686.
MATTKESSES AND PIX-OWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st: phone South 216.
¦ MEDICAX- ¦
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17«years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR.. WHITE,
.; 702 Market -t.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide in me.
¦: Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these condition-. I'm the only GRADUATE
' : physician here whd can say this. Call or
"write; Contldentml. Est 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON. otflo* 505 KEARNY ST.
. MRS. DR". WYETH. specialist for. all female
complaints and trregularltic-; instant relief
« guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 828 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all t*
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOSVa Market st, opp. 6th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price* $0. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggist.. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
DR, G. W O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
' in trouble consult this specialist on female
'¦¦ complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
' nate helped; the most difficult eases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st
DR. and Mrs. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment, 1128 Market
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kuraround; safe. sure, never falls;
¦ $2 Gleascn-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny _ Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2935 Folsom st. corner
20th: ladies', relief or no fee: $10.
MTXSXCAXi -NSTRUMEHTB.
HEAl5Qu7^RT_RS~*fl>rTen^
pianos - for small rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
1 balls, etc.; -pianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
dome at $2, a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo. ; our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best Instrument offered for the
money in 8. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 in-
struments to select from, all of : them good
¦ bargains . to . buy as well as rent; one year's
• rental allowed ofl purchase price. SCOTT-
CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st
6 GOOD ORGANSr-CHEAP~
. Beatty, 24 etops, walnut case.-. $20
. ' Taber, 8 stops, walnut case ..*.... 23
Wllcox & White, 9 stops, walnut case.... 25
Pkckard. 10 stops, walnut case 30
Lyon & Healy, 11 stops, oak case 40
Estey, 2 manual, 12 stops 60
All fancy tops and cases — good order.
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell st
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
Erard, small upright, for practice $40
Wood worth & Allovofl, splendid order... 65
Neumann, mahogany cage, a bargain.. 125
Sherman. Clay & Co., good order 133
: Grovesu-en — Fuller, splendid order.... 145
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st
AT $2 per month up, rent or -purchase; low-
est terms, lowest prices and greatest va-
riety of new pianos; all makes in used In-
struments. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237
; Geary st; Oakland, 1252 Broadway; largest
exclusive piano . house and only manufac-
turers here. - :
A PRIVATE party left Fischer , upright to bo
. sold:. $135. 237 Geary st
A LOT unredeemed storage -pianos, furniture,
dirt cheap. Whitehead'a Storage, 1636 Mkt
ONE month plaift rent free on pianos rented •
In July and August. BRUENN. 225 Sutter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st
$C0 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister st
SOHMER. Byron Mausy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. ; 308-312 Post st
NEW upright "pianos sold on $5 monthly psy-
• ments. BCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Steinway up;Chickering baby grand;
i Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
MracE&iJAjreo us— pqb saxe.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps;
¦pulleys, : shafting, :; etc.,. -etc., bought, ' sold,
' rented and ¦ exchanged; * see - Sunday - papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.." 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand ' machinery. 1 McIN-
. TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF; LEAK? *
Repair It with elaurite, in rolls easy to lay;
• needs no painting or coating;, good -over old
• • iron, tin ¦ or shingles; ' best for new roofs.
• ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
A— BUYS, 'sells or : rents gear machinery, en-
¦ gines, boilers. ¦*; water * pipe. " shafting, pulleys,
, etc. WHITELAW. 233-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and: jewelry on small weekly or:
¦ monthly ¦ payments.- DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery str. rootn 12, .upstairs. . -.,
GENTS' full dress. Prince : Albert and Tuxedo
tults to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. _5
' Etockton st. ¦.¦•:- " ¦ .-' . : ' ¦-" ¦'• ' . ¦'. : : : ,-,''
J. COOPER. •- gents' full-dress > rental ' parlor*.
1 moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton at..
upstairs. ¦ ' -.,•: •;¦.-• ; ''-,¦¦*/;.,*
TKY our j men's ¦;: shoes at •: $1 * and • $1 50 pair ;
foot-form-shoes at $2 50; we pay express
'; charges.- H, 3d st. Exam, bid.: catalog fre«.'
ROOMS ,papered;v$4- up; : tlnting, '.? painting.
liartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third. ; tel. Main 413.
MI3CTEI._A-T_O__— FOR SA3-S — Con.
HUNTING dog; all brown; 8 mos. old; cheap.
411 Octavla st .
NEERGAARD Cosmetic Co.. 242 Post st. half
price for Dr. Neerzaard'a depilatory. - '
ID-HAND bulld'g material. lumber,doors.sas_.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st: tei South 81L
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $S0; worth
$100. . GARIN 138 Montgomery st
FOR sale— First-class new bricks. Apply DR. ,
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021^ Market st
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand: prices
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1316 Market «L
MOVING pictures, magic la—Urns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard _ Breck. 131 Post st
SOME gooi 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK _ CO.. 122 Mkt
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all tires. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
anSC_I.LAISrEOTT3 WA-TTS.
BIO prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full drees calts. etc; send
i postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st .
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. TtL
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2831.
M O IT_T TO AK.
AAA— HERMAJ? MURPHY, .-
601-602-803 Examiner building.
Quick sattlements; no disappointment-
Save exDense— by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st 2d or 3d
¦ Hortgage, on real estate or
Chattel.. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels. .
Location, etc. - '
Box 490. Call office. ¦
SALARY LOANS^
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any on-;; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 433 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also oa real estate:
1st or 2nd mortgage or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respecUbla private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S46 Market: tei. Main 1B44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 23 Etockton: phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boerdinc-houses. without
security: easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities Tolman. 553 Parrott bid*.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no- removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 28 Montgomery st., rm.21.
MONEY to lean at low Interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. ,J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st '
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rlal-
to bldg.,- New Montgomery and Mission sts.
SALARY loans ; mortgage loans;easy payments;
. lower rates: more money;, longer time, con-
'. - fldental. California Loan Co., 526 Parrott bid.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
j ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan»bu!ldlng.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Huttqn Credit Co., 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
LOANS to salaried p-nple privately without se-
curlty. PIONEER CO., 810 Market et, suite 31.
ON real estate and chattels. E. wT~_ick^
_1003 Mutual Sav. Bfak bldg., 708 Market st
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $13 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for S r-nt» — The Weekly CallT
16 pagrs. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
0PPZ0TB3 ATO ST0MB3 TO 1«2!T.
FINE, light office room; use of private office.
36 Geary st. room 19.
WE have purchased the saloon business at 138
Third -t formerly conducted by Herman
Hertzel; all outstanding accounts must be
presented for payment within five days.
O. KRAMPERT and J. GIGOW.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL ft BROWN. 32 Turk st. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
eept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.. 13.38 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portiers; dealer in
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth it.. Oakland.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES •LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st
YOU can bay $75 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
THOROUGH Instruction In all branches derma-
tology, beauty work. Europ. prof., 440 Geary.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market
LADIES and gentlemen, -you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1810 Sutter st
ELEGANT suit to order _ 1 ex. pair pants, J13.
LEON LEMOS, 1127 Mkt st. bet 7th and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite hair-
dressing parlors) to 045 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. GARIN. 133 Montgomery «t .
TAILOR-MADS suit $7 SO; dress pants $2 00.
; Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dnpsnt
Actlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. S524 18th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 368 Sut-
ter. r. COS. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
r -:.._;¦. PAUcrsTBT. - .
Mrjk Whitney, palmist :hours.l0tol2. 2 to 9. Sun.;
¦ *"Tnur. eve, readings; admission 15c. 469 Eddy.
_^HY«C1AWS AOT_STffTOi:jOa'S :
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and ' residence,
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th: partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of. women.
BLOOD, ekin and rectal diseases a specialty.'
" DR. BALL.? 1073K Market st
MALE nurse. ' surgical, medical, mental cases.
- 462 Geary st; phone James-. 7591. ..
REMOVED— DR. WONG^ HIM. hert doctor.
; treats all di.«as<?s of the human body; for
. past four years at 113-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at. 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
WONO WOO the famous herb doctor— A11 dis-
eases cured by Cbinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell ft., tea and h-rb
- sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney -at -law. fl Hobart bldg., 532 Markets,
_B-IAI. SSTATC— -CTTT —^POB SALS.
THOMAS MAGEE - 8ONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
tt MONTGOMERY STREET.
A FEW PROPERTIES WHICH MUST B—
V SOLD.
OFFERS INVITED ON THE FOLLOWING
FOUR PROPERTIES:
MISSION-STREET CORNER.
$750— 60x63%: make offer.
POINT LOBOS-A VENUE LOTS.
$850 each: four lots left; 3x100; between
l&th and 19th aves.; make offer.
- . FILLMORE-STREET LOTS.
$3.000 — 48x100; two lots; street work all done:
electric cars passing; lots level and
ready to build on: In prospective busi-
ness locality; mortgage of $2000 at S
p;r cent ir.ay rcciatn; cheapest lots be-
ing offered In th—t locality to-day; make
• 1_ offer.
FILBERT-STREET LOT.
$l,SO0 — 26xl2u; north side; has frontage oa
rear street also; street bituminlxed*. cars
convenient; good renting locality.
TWO SETS OF FLATS WHICH MUST BB
TWO FLATS JUST COMPLETED.
$9,600— 2 fine flats just being completed, with
finished attic and basement; will rent
for $90 a month: upper flat 9 rooms and
2 baths; lower flat 8 rooms and bath;
basement, 3 finished rooms aad bath for
use of 2 upper flats; good residence lo-
cality In the marine view district: eara
passing.
THREE NEW FLATS, Rents $145 a Month.
$14,000—3 Cat* just finished; in flrst-class resi-
dence locality, with 2 car lines con-
venient: each flat has 7 rooms and bath
and receotion hall: being on & key lot.
these flats get sun and light tn almost
every room; rays nearly 13 per cent
THREE RESTDENCES OFFERED AT SAC-
RIFICES.
VALLEJO-STREET RESIDENCE.
$13,000 — Fine 2-story house, aulc and English
basement residence, with exceedingly ar-
tistic Interior finish: 8 rooms; 2 baths:
laundry: furnace; separate shower: ftn»
sunny yard: a most attractive home;
fine view; cart close by; choice resi-
dence section.
ARTISTIC PARK RESIDENCE.
$16,50O — Exceptionally fine 2-story and E_g-
lish basement, shingled residence: 19
rooms: 2 baths; especially flr.e grates
and Interior finish: fln« play yard and
also fine garden; very convenient resi-
dence locality.
CLAY- STREET RESIDENCE. NORTH SIDE.
$1S.SOO — 34:0x137:8: good 2-story, 'attic and
basement residence of IS rooms; 2 baths:
pantries: toilets; linen closet; laundry:
storeroom; flrst-class residence locality
and right in town; make us an offtr on
this residence.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
8 MONTGOMERY STREET.
_______
AUCTION
auction!
Aw Cri'lOa 1 * ,
AUCTION.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
The following choice investment and unim-
proved properties will be offered at our sales-
room. 20 Montgomery st, Monday. August 22.
at 12 o'clock noon.
JOHN LYONS ESTATE.
The two following properties must be sold t»
close the above estate. Subject to confirm— tloa
by tha Superior Court:
XO. 1.
72O Natoma st.. NW. line. bet. «th and Oth:
frame Improvements consist of dwellings and
stable; lot 50x73.
NO. 2.
Eleventh st. NE. line, between Folsom and
Harrison: lot 6ox205 to Juniper st; partly
covered with old Improvements; choice manu-
facturing site
OAK-ST. FLATS.
423 Oak st. and 322 Lily ave.. between
Laguna and Buchanan sts.: Improvements con-
sist of two flats of 5-4 rooms and bath eacft
and two cottages of 3 rooms each; rents $60 30
per month: bank mortgage £KK/O at «S per c«nt
can remain: lot 25xl2u.
FRANK FRATES ESTATE.
Southeast corner of Oak st. and Central are. ;
lot 49:2x110: choice corner, overlooking park;
must be sold to close above estate.
LANGTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
237 Langton st., NE. line, between Harrison
and Bryant; improvements consist of two well-
built dwellings of 5-4 rooms each; rents $23
per month; lot 25x75.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE LOT.
Devlsadero st.. east line, between Green and
Union: a choice residence lot. comma— ding a
good marine view; lot 34x103:1'*.
J. PHELAN ESTATE.
NE. cor. Twentieth and Missouri sts.; partly
cohered with two frame dwellings; rents nom-
inal; lot 100x100; subject to confirm* tioa by
Superior Court. . •
MISSION INVESTMENT.
2S62-4 Twenty-second st. north line, between
Harrison and Alabama; improvements consist
or two flata of 3-4 rooms each; lot 25x100.
, CHOICE RICHMOND CORNER.
Eleventh ave. and California st. NE. cor-
ner: lot 32:6x100.
ALAMEDA COUNTY RANCH.
REFEREE SALE.
SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION BT SU-
PERIOR COURT.
No Increased bid can be offered ta court
after sale.
This ranch Is located four miles NE. of Ltv-
ermore; consists of 385 acres; being portion
sections 3 and 4. township 3 south, rang* east
M. D. B, and M: also the right-of-way 25 fe?t
wide over the road as at present traveled
from the northerly line of the above described
property to the county road; near schoolhouse
on the northerly portion of said section 3.
For further particulars and catalogue apply
at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
20 MONTGOMERY 8T.
SPECK -CO..
209 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE.
Belling. Insurance.
Leasing. Rents Collected.
$42,500— N.W. corner; vicinity Larkin and
Geary sts.; lot SOxlOO. with improve-
ments .- a decided bargain.
$40.000— $42CO yearly rent; lot 82x273. only
partly Improved: 2 frontages; can be
lea*ed tor $400 per month.
$25,000— $2400 yearly rent; $15,000 6 per eent
bank mortgage can remain; lot 00x137:8;
splendid Investment.
$20,000 — $1740 yearly rent; Polk-street business)
property: large lot; a good buy.
$16,000— $1620 yearly rent; 3 new flats; vicinity
Ellis and Octavla; splendid tenants.
$15,000— Superb new Western Addition flats;
lot .30x107 feet: rents $1590 year.
$13,500— Three fine W, A. flats: vicinity
Octavla and O'Farrell; renting for $112
a month; 23-foot lot.
$9,000— $640 yearly rent; 2 splendid fiats with
11-foot basement that could at small ex-
pense be made into flat; lot alone worts
$60CO: 2 frontages.
$S.8C0— $9«6 yeaxly rent; business corner north
of Market st; a good safe Investment.
$8,6CO — $90O yearly rent: S fine flats close ta
G. G. Park: on car line; best part of
Richmond district; a bargain.
$G,000 — Income'«600 a year; 6 flats; one block
from Hlbernia Bank and half block
from new Postofflce.
$5,500— $570 yearly rent: under lease; niw,
modern improvements; downtown busl-
ivess property near Market st.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$35 000 N.W. corner; unsurpassed marts*
vie—; 137:6x128: 3 frontages: choice
residence section of San Francisco.
•9,000— Near Waller and Masonic; 75x123;
want offer.
$6,750— 50x137 :6; splendid residence site; P»»
clflc Heights district; north stds of
street.
$1,000 — Market st; 23x100; doe* ta coming
business section.
$3,500 — 50x125; Masonic-ave. lot: splendi*
plec«. ;= •
SPECK & CO..
209 Montgomery st., opp. MUIa bldg.
FOR SALE. CHEAP.
A— _• MM
vvXlW.
Southeast corner of Twenty-seventh a**. aa4
Clement st
Inquire at 215 Goidtn G*t» •/*«.
$4fi00 REDUCED from $4730 In order to mak«
•juick cale: two-stcry house and lot on north
side of O*Farrell st. near Devlsadero; con-
taining 0 rooms and bath; this property must
b* sold immediately. Investigate at once.
Apply R» McCOLGAN. rooms ; 301-302 Ex-
aminer bullrticr. __________
$250 DOWN and $20 per month: "cottage of 3
rooms and bath at 3024 'Army st: $2250.
•3750—4 flats and 5 lots at 59 Prospect ave.:
. rents $50 per month: must sell. .-
D. COFFIN -CO., 252S Mission, bet -litAC3.
Continue.- on ra_e 12. ,
'WA3rrE_ _ale.
A SITUATION BY~A pIraCtTcaL AND H>>
LIAIJLU MAN AH SUPERINTENDENT OR
FOP.EMAN OF DAIHT. STOCK, FRUIT OR
CHAIN RANCH; THOROUGHLY COUPE-
TENT TO TAKE FULL CHARGi: OF
-ITHER. AP.E YOU THINKING OF MAK-
1XG A CHANGE IN THE MANAGEMENT
OX ANY OP" THE ABOVE NAMED AT
THE PRESENT TIME OR IX THE NEAR
FUTeiUS? OR WOULD RENT ON
J-U.AR_S. HOX 4432. CALL OFFICE.
COM 1*ETENT palr.tcr. j>aperhir.rer~and grafn-
*r, with tooln. wants work by the day or
.1«b; cote!. !r_titutlon; no objection to coun-
try If fairly etcady employment. Vox 45S7.
r&n office. •
TWO first-class carpenters will do all store
and office fitting end jobbing work. Call or
_ address STS Grant ave.
BARBER— Strictly flrrt fclftss. wishes »t«_dy
position; on faeisl m_ ¦e&ge. Write
J. CALP_HAKO. ?7, Third et.
SITUATION vantcd by first-class carriage j
pilatrr in country town; low wairf-s. steady!
_iob. _)8 Ellis n.. care Williams Soap Co. J
GOOD waiter wisliee position, hotel or res-
taurant; country- Box 4389. Call. "
GOOD restaurant chef wishes position; city.
Box 43S8. Call.
nXFERlENCED. reliable young man. 27 (Dan-
:-!-.). desires a position as coachman; useful |
man about place: city or country; under- j
rtasd* eczne gardening; can milk, etc.; thor- 1
f.-ghly competent in *very respect; refer- I
enccs. Bex 4153, Cali office. I
A YOUNG man who speaks French and pretty
pood Eaglisl 1 wants a position as a clerk in
m dry goods store; understands the trade and J
can furnish bund aad references. Box 40_i.
. Call ercce. j
¦YOUNG n-.arrled man retlricg from 12 years* I
tvisinct* experience seeks country cliisste;
willing to care for country home or take
• harge of a light business: aged 35. Box
ISA C«5l office.
FTTCNCKIRAPHER rritb three years' experi-
ence In :c:'.r:a< and dry goods business:
referrne«s furnished: ealery $60 p<?r month.
Hex 43C:. Call otflce.
WANTED — Situation as _iles:r.— n In heavy
> hardware cr Implement house, or any country
tr.<iet. store: best of rej>r*ne*« Address box
3CS:«. Cal! ornce. 1016 Broadway. OakUnd.Cal.
¦ ' 1
A CEHMAX, middle-aged and einsrle, wishes 1
t ettuation a£ clerk in grocery store and
idrrocrn: first-das* references. W. BOH-
4.1NG, 417 Keamy st
tlGOB barber wants steady position; npeaks
f!al!an and Slavonian. Inquire FRANK R..
. *.?• Jasrer plsce.
A YOUNG man. rentle and honert, wishes
rituatscn In private family in city. Box
;4X73. Call office.
1C J> l"N<3 wan with experience in country gen-
>ral merchandise store de«ireg position: city
<y coiir.tr>-; refr.rences. Box 4:181. Call.
VU1ITED — By eiderly m*n, position as nlgbt
¦smtcStmsa. Address WM- H. VAN. 610 Fol-
«OTT. Ct.
l)AXlsH mart. 26, sober and honest, wants
„ losuicn to take care of horses or do chores
/n a j-rivate ulace. Box 4332, Call office.
''I'OSITI'^X es collector or cashier by young
»•-•.. can furnish excellent references and
• boa— . Box 15S4. 1008 Market st
BARBER »gr.:s a Job: rr.iddle-aged; good
workman; work for $9 per week. Address
t,ox 4165. Call orf.ee.
SALESMAN wants a position «s city or travel-
ing B—temaa at once; 6 years' experience;
. «f»t cf references. Bex 4473. Call offioe.
bOOKKE_P_2> has >bcut 3 hours each day
* *tA would like- extra set books to keep; no
uSsCtOL. Bex 41"72. Call office.
•liANDY man wishes situation; steady, relia-
ble; sliy cr country. Address box 4377. Call.
AN exjwrieoced man wants position with elty
- ! umber company. Address box 43S2. Call.
UCX3KKEEPER— Ycuny can wanu poeltioa.
_ Bex 3C97. Call office.
' A *"IRST-CLASS Chinese cock wants position;
city; ¦a-SLgts $o5 or $40. fe29 Jackson st
CHINESE' Crst-cIaES botel. boarding-house
cock wmtt place. 2CS Ellis St.. LI King Co.
BY & Japenfw young man, a graduate of a
._u*wm_» .c ;..-s». a pocUksn tn store or In
office: Pr*t-cl*es references. 403 Dupont st,
KONOMI.
A JAPAN_E_. very honest boy. wishes house-
work cr waiting on table In email family;
efty cr country; rood wtc«i. Phone Church
J^'15; C30 Valencia tt.. S. F. •
A JAPANESE nice boy wants a position as
ichocJboy in small family In Oakland: wishe»
to ttay long time. Ari'ly 228 >."icth St., Oak-
iand: nhone l'-ne 0S1.
A YOUNG, honest Japunene student wish** po-
c fcitinn as echoolboy, work out; 52 50.
HENRY. 811 Stockton St.
A JAPANESE boy —ante position; morning or
*v«?rii^g »-e:k; cpcaJts well and understands
. scy kind of work. B. FUME, S07 Polk «.
A FINE Japanes*. speaks we!!. — ar.ts position
a o * echoclboy in rmall family. 1225 Devls-
fcijgrr) «t.; choce Soott 548.
A, JAPANESE honest boy -— Izhea cltuatlon as
"scrfoolboy; wage* $1 a week. S. U.. 607
Polk ti.
JAPANESE, ccod boy. wants position to wait
tt table and housework in family; wages $6
__L P & »'«**¦ H. XGAO. 1617 Geary; tel.West 97
A 'JAPANESE echoolbcy wants position In
country. SAN. care Japanese M. E. Mission.
tS3 Pine »t.. Sen Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
' =_
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense ll«t:f
service- absolutely free; take advantage of
Xpia" department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-ZS9
Gc«ry st. on the square.
KJNETEENTH and Noe. N.W. corner: the
-••arm belt of the Mission; blo-k from Castro
cr Eighteenth street cars — • lovely sennjr
upper and lower 4 and S room fiats; *rerr
modern* convenience: slarrroctns ready by
Aug. IS; rents from ?20 to $27 60: -water free.
6- ROOM lower fist; Portola st, 23 feet north
D\iboce. Park; choice location and neighbdr-
hcod; sun all day. Apply C3 Porto™ «t. eff
Wa!ler. between Eteiner and Pierce.
JflOE. iMO. corner Elizabeth — New 6- room flat;
modern improvements: convenient to Twenty-
fuurth and Cartro street cars; rent reasonable.
FREDERICK. 464 A— That "elegant new 7-room
flat; modern plumbing. 2 toUeU; elegantly
cigcorated ; $27 60.
CASTRO. 421. near 17th— Sunny belt; modem
, ui^per French »unny II room*; balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 families; ch eap:— able.
NOE. 1050. corner Elizabeth — New 5-room flat;
modern improvement*: convenient to Twenty-
fourth aad Cattro street cars- rent reasonable.
FOLSOM. 2S7S^-6unny, eoxy flat ;~3 "rooms,
bath: carder;; suitable for j-curg couple; {14.
HAJTDSOME. new 5-room flat to let. ccrnVr
Eighteenth and EHamond ets.; cheap rent.
LEAVENWORTH. 15T9— Flat of 5 rooms r_T
W.h; rest $18. ' . '
KOE. 1B1. in lower fiat— Large eult» of par-
lorsend 2 rocms adjoining; $14.
EKLV_T)_nE. I3« — Upper flat of 7 rooms
_nd bath: modern and sunny: rent $48 month.
BUSH. 1208— Flat S rocms, bath; boiler: rent
$26. Apply 1207A Buth pt. *^
TELL. 1140. rear Devisadero — Flat, 6 large
sunny rooms and bath; $23.
FILLMORE. 1126— Modern 7 rooms; all larre
fcnd 1-t.hi: corner: rent $40. #
JONES and Broadway, southeast ~>rner— Nle«
flat to let. 0 rooms ana bath; marine view.
LaRGKET list of houses and flati to Jet. Call
en LYON _ HOAG. 116 Montgomery *t
LIGHT, sunny ml<_ile flat 6 rms.. batn~$27~50
2-0 Waller t. bet. Buchanan and Webster.
LTON. 11% — Uppor flat cf 7 rooms and bath:
eucny aad modern: rent $12 &0 per month.
NEAP.LY new v?per fitt. « rooms and "bath"
33C>£ Tehaina st
TTNE. 2055.— Fonr-room flat. $16 60.
n-.T8.TO -XT— rggglSHgn,
ETEINKR, 1327. cor. Ellis— Hat » room*, fur-
rrished. $55. to permanent teo_st
r^Tg roa SAxs—rjrntarisggp.
FOR SALE— In the MlJurton. sunny corner flat
cf six room*; bath; fully or partly furnished-
cfcrap. 1454 Fifteenth st- "".'.
FIT— .2Z7-US2 WASTED.
' ABE LSVyT" ~~ ~*~~
Ka^eroom. 1125 Markn st. TeL Jessie 761
f>on't eell your furniture, carpets, of flee fur-
nlture, etc.. unUI you C gt his estimate.
CHAS. LV.VY _ CO., pay highest price fcr fur-
nlture, carpets, <tc 7S2 Miuion;tel.Dusb 613.
rTTRHTTTTS- TOR SAM.
YOU caa buy $75 worth of lurniture for $7 CO
<5own and si 5o per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Pert et. r near Powell,
FURNITURE 10-room house; rent $37 60; yard;
call £-lo a. m.. <>-(• p. in- 1517 Jackson.
Ander*on Auction- House," 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnUhe* cvryti ilntf fur th? house; low. prices.
AN "»k foMInc bed for tale; reasonable. Box
r»«C3. Call office. ¦_
A PIANO nnd a few other pieces of furniture
fcr sale. 212 Sirth st. '
FURNITURE, stoves, bought sold, exchanged.
ganger, 439 VaIencla.nr.lCth.TcI.Church 3379.
HELP WAXTEB — FEMALE.
COOK for AUmtdi $30
Cook, hotel, country 70
Cock, no washinc Hi
3 <-ooks. with unu without washing ."•0
Parlor maid and waiting 30
3 cecor.d tclrls. city $20-23
In .ant nurse .'. 23
Nurs«. 2 children M
Nur*e tor Institution 1T0
4 «altre*F*« for country hotel, fare paid.. "5
Htfusework. Shasta County; lady b*re .30
Kitchen helper ;.. 20
44 general housework girls, city- and country,
$20. $26. $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSSETT _ CO.. 834 Sutter.
A MAN and wife for private place; $50. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSS-TT & Co.. 3S4 Sutter.
WE WANT~~F6UR *
Svccnd girls for small families In city, $25.
A waitress and parlor maid, small fam-
ily. $25.
A nurse lor one child, Oakland. $30.
A cock for a plain boarding-house in
city. $30.
A nurse fcr 3 children. San Rafael, $25.
¦-•O housework girl*. $25 and $20. MISS
_PLUNK_TT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
CAPITAL EMPLOYMENT OFFICE^
112 TURK ST. 112 TURK ST.
HAS REMOVED
From _5S# Turk st
And is permanently located at
112 Tt'RK ST.,
AND la NOW
READY TO FURNISH
Female htlp 6f all nationalities on
short notice.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Lady, wait on table and chambermaid, $-0
and found; out of city.
Stenographer, rapid; $60.
1 Air. rare two children; $12 and found.
THB NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.,
S'i-J Hearst Bldg. ¦ .
A — 10 EXTRA waitresses, different country
hotels. SI and $1 50 per day and free fare
both ways. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 429
Bu»h st. -
A — WANTED — Girls to "learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
lri 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now:
three positions to fill immediately; positions
f uarantced at $10 per - week up; leading
•cbool in West. 233 Geary' st. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now tor fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in one month for $15: -positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at »1O per wk.up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
Hairdesslcg. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5
2 « ks. : day. eve. class; positions secured; all
parlor work at rrtuced prices. 133 Powell.
WOMEN and girts to work on' fruit; clean,
healthy place; positively higher wages paid
tb»n at any ether cannery. Code-Portwood
Canning Co.. Tenth and|Bryant au.
ONE HUNDRED OPERATORS AND GIRLS
TO LEARN ON OVERALLS AND EN-
OINEER JACKETS. STANDARD FAC-
TORY, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time, and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned: materials free: inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. GUARANTEE CO..
No. W4, Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' ivalsts:
good pay; steady -work. * KOKlGSTEIN, 23
First «t
NEAT, competent young woman for house-
work and plain cooking; family of 2; apply
after 3 o'clock. 1311 Pierce 8t
WANTED — "Woman for dishwashing and
6orubbtng at Hebrew Orphanage, COO De-
vlsadero st.
WANTED — German, Swede or Danish woman
act as working housekeeper for large cattle
cc; $30; everything found-. Apply 510 Pine.
A GIRL for housework and cooking for 3 In
family; Mare Island; $30. MISS PLUNK-
ETT. 425 Sutter st. near Powell.
NEAT, intelligent girl for housework; small
family; good home; ao children; $15. • 614
Eddy Bt.
WRAPPERS wanted; none but experienced
need apply. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED — 10 experienced salesladies. MARKS
BRO8...1220 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady with refs. in
dry and fancy goods store. 1058 Valencia st.
CHOCOLATE dipper. BLUM'S. ~Polk and
Eutter sts.
TRAINED nurse to fit herself for commercial
business. Address box 4383, Call office.
GIRL to assist in general housework. Apply
2012 Golden Gate ave. ; T*_
WANTED — Girt or middle-aged woman to as-
rist in light housework. 316 Mln/ia . st
"WANTED — German. Swede or Danish woman
to assist housekeeper. Apply 510 Pine Bt.
GIRL to fold circulars. 1023 Market st. up^
itairs.
WANTED — Operators: power. 2»«4 Twenty-
second st. near Folsom.
WANTED — Experienced eannera and cutters'
steady work; highest wages paid; fare $1.
Rio Vieta Canning and Packing £0. p.
D. Code Jr., Mncr.. Rio Vista, cal.
HOP picking on Russian River. Call lmme-
diately for railroad tickets. E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. U_ Battery, st; open tils
evening.
PLAIN cook wanted; small family: flat; llfcht
housework. Inquire BIBQ. California and
Polk sts.
TRUSTWORTHY housekeeper, with no ln-
rumbranee; English preferred. Box 4070
Call office.
GIRLS, about 16, for factory work; good
wages: steady employment; apply at Mice.
AMES _ -HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Fiirt-clasi millinery maker. Ap-
ply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced tuckers and operators
on underwear. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market.
FINISHER and apprentice on gents' coats.
THEO. FLANZ. tailor. 665 Geary st
WANTED— Finishers on cloaks at once at M.
SIMINOFF'S. 1228 Market st.
g~I»~ W AJTEP— MLAXCB.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES* RECORd'cO*
Stenographer, young man, out of city, $15.
Bookkeeper and assistant manager, whole-
eal« ar.d retail crockery. $100.
Ptenographer for corporation, $80.
Three salesmen, merchant retail clothing,
eged 25 to 35.
Candy heljier, $6 week.
Brirht ycrunr miin. office. $25 to start
Rrl^ndlfi chance, wholesale business. '
Salesman, silverware, 10 per cent
Stenographer. Insurance, $50. \
Who'.e»sJe and retail dry goods manager
wanted, out of city, $150.
Manager fcr wholesale and reUll stores, $150.
Four costmakers, good salary.
Glove salesman, good salsiry
Six good boy«. $4 to $6.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
. • 5C9 Hesrst bldg.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY *
C38 Commercial st; phone Main 1191
Tallyman and run ripsaw, $3 day. 0-hour
work, pay once a week, long Job. Nevada—
r-f'^'h 8 ' I 2 6 ° : I**?™" *2 =0: rockmen.
*3; c«e boes here. Laborers for locrlne rail-
road. $60; lumber pliers." $2 day- laborer"
yard work. $2 d.y; man and wlfe'fo^K
mine. 530 and found, see party here- cnnV
and second. $100 and found; d4washerTor
mine. $25 and found; 10 laborers, 8-hour
work, near city. $2 day; sawyer, small mill
• $C5 and found: edgerman, $9(5 and tsundT
AT-' INDEPENDENT EMPLOYMENT AGrv "
012 MERCHANT ST. AGUY '.
4 carpenters, $4.
2 blacksmiths. $3 50.
• Man to help carpenter.
16 laborers, %'i 25 and $2 60.
, . GOVERNMENT .WORK.
Drillers, . teamsters, laborers, muckers.
Concrete men.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12
Bellboy. $15;, pantryman. $30: 3d cook. $50.
_H£_I» WAIT-ED — TWfliT-~ — Continued.
A-ML1{P.AY & READY.^34and <336 Clay st
_ v Phone Main 5848.
L'nalns Employment and Labor Agents.
-We s:>cak the German, French. Italian.
Scandinavian. Gre«k, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages. .
10W We G.-.v* 1904 We Hope to
«>,(*© Men Work. ; Increase 60.000.
He has arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of the United States.
Government work beinsr done close to
Wadsworth. In State of Nevada.
Cost oniy f I office fee. See boss.
Muckers, $70. - See boss.
Teamsters, $73. See boss. I
J-aborcru, $75. See boss.
Drillers. $90. See boss.
Concrete mixers. $75. ; '.'/J' See boss.
FOR LUMBER SYNDICATES.
MILLS. WOODS AND FACTORIES.
45 laborers for mills and yards. $60.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
03 laborers for woods and camps, $60.
YOU'LL SUIT; TAKE IT.
155 laborers to build extension of R. R. for
this lumber roinpany in woods. $00. <
ANY LABORER WILL DO. •
f>5 men. do anythinc. box factories. $60.
STEADY JOB YEAR ROUND.
45 boys, different easy Jobs, mills, $30 fd.
PREPARING L. R. R.
C5 laborers t& repair R. R. in woods, $67 60.
I MECHANICAL.
I 4 bench hards, planing mill, $3 60 day.
• 12 coopers. iOc barrel.
Head lineman, woods, $75.
5 speoltenders, and other mill and woods help.
6 E"od iron molders, steady, good Jobs. .
TINSMITHS, $3 50.
12 carpenters, different city and country Jobs,
$3 to $4 day.
5 painters, house work, city job. $3 day.
HODCARRIER. $3 60. .--.
Tool sharpener. cU wells, boss here. $2 50.
6 blacksmiths, different Jobs. $3, $2 50 day.
MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay st.
w__ GOLD MINES. "
16 machine miners, $90 and $S2 50.
YOUNG MEN LEARN MINING.
12 young men to work about mines, $30 fa.°
FARMS— STABLES.
16 men for forms, $30, $35, $45 fd.
6 stablemen, (city and country, $30 to $50 fd.
Milkers, choreboys and men, other help.
OIL FIELDS
12 laborers, experience not wanted, $67 60.
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS. :
16 teamsters, different city and country Jobs,
$00.
lit laborers, different city and country Jobs,
$60., • -
12 plow teamsters, construction work, $67 50.
moxterey; by the sea.
15 laborers, can you handle a. shovel? $67 50.
BANJtlNO SYNDICATE.
. 85 laborers, special R. R. car to-day, $67 60.
VARIOUS POSITIONS. ,
Boy,' carpef city warehouse, $6 week. » '
2 boys, learn upholstering trade. $6 week.
2 experienced men. bottling works, $60.
MURRAY tt READY. -
634-636 Clay st
A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
13 hotel and - B. H.- cooks. .$35. $4O. $50. $60.
4 cooks . for ranches, $20, $30, $35 found. • .. ¦
3 cooks, haypress camps/. $25, $30, $35 found.
DISHWASHERS, PORTERS. BELL AND
ELEVATOR BOYS.
12 waiters, different- city and country Jobs,
$30. $40. V ¦ •'¦¦-. •
LAUNDRY. ¦; !;»•
Ironer, ' country laundry. $15 week.
2 JtJireh Ironers, country, $12 week.' ' ' :
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay : st !
A— ~ GO TO
Los Angeles, San Bernardino,
Highland, Pomona, Redlands,
Riverside Districts.
Center of the great orange and lemon belt
where the sun shines year round; any man
can work every day.
Teamsters wanted, you'll suit, $60.
FARE ONLY $4 60. BY SANTA FE R. R.
MURRAY _ P.EADY. 634-036 Pay st.
A— IT'S NEW. ITS NEW. ITS NEW.
WORK. .
155 Italian laborers, $60.
155 Austrian laborers. $B0. • '
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay, et
A— CARPENTERS.
. 16 carpenters, city Job, $4 day. 1
Gang edgerman. $65 to $90 found. ' - : '
65 woodchoppers. different Jobs, < $1 • 75 cord.
5 IRON MOLDERS.;*. i'.^gST-
2 brushmakers. *1 to SI 20 jMrifA^ *o
GOLD MINE BOSS HERE. '
4 meehir.e miners. $82 50. X '
FOREMAN BITUMEN -WORK.
Bench hand, -planing mJH,- f«»»'|4v»$3 80 day;
'House man, private Job. $20 found." ¦ J
Trimmer man. lumber co., $40 to $50 found.
Man to run skin and hide wagon, city, $60.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay et
JACKSCREWER-for woods. $40 found.
GANG ISDGERMAN. $100.
10 laborers, big mlne.co., you'll do, $82 BO.
Teairsters, special Job. city. $60.
Younjr man. Ice cream parlors. $8 week.
TWO BELL BOTS. $15 FOUND.
__ MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay «t
A— 10 LABORERS, special Job to-day $67 50.
XOOK!
Trimmer.. lumber company, fare $1 60- $40 fd.
Boy, work in city store, $7 week.
Man. drive butcher wagon, fare $1: $25 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et
> THESE
Came on Midnight Mail, Phone, Telegraph.
Every Line Read
Carefully.
Bosa Here.
Man and wife for a mine, man labor, wlf«
cook. $80 anl found.
STABLES— BLACKSMITH SHOP3.
LUMBER.
6 lumber rilers. no experience wanted, fare
$4, $60 and found: no blankets wanted.
Donkey foreman, snip logs, cut brush, $50 fd.
EXTRA SPECIALS.
{ 2 labor*-— ', work around thrashing machine,
I $45 found.
Handy man around hotel, far* 20c, $26 fd
6 laborers, city, board home, $2 25 day.
Old or middle aged man, keep books, answer
phone.
•Z boys. 16 to 18 years, city store and fac-
tory. ?fl week.
WAITERS. BARTENDERS. ETC
Cook, ranch, extra easy Job. boss here, $35 fd
Cook, haypress, 7 men. $30 and found.
TOGETHER.
Dishwasher, country commercial hotel, $30 fd.
2 waiters, country commercial hotel, $30 fd
Becond pantryman, city, good place. $30 fd.
3 BELL BOYS. $20 fd.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, slaughter-bouse work, fare $3. $40 fd
Butcher, shop work, fare 50c., $30 fd
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
12 muckers, laborers will do, $6T 50.
3 tlmbermen. gold quartz mine, $90.
5 experienced placer miners, boss here, $S2 50.
6 small boys, light work, city. Toe. to $1 day.
Clerk, tally man. lumber co.. $55 found.
Wood turner, city Job, $3 50 day.
4 men, threshing outfit $1 60 day found.
6 farm hands, same ranch, north, $30 found.
4 four-horse orchard teamsters, fare $1 60.
$26 and found.
Cake baker, country chop, $17 week.
.Baiters' helper on bread, $7 week found.
Dishwasher, sawmill camp, $25 found.
Second Ti_ntry man. city hotel, $30 found.
LOOK.
Families for prune and grape picking, $1 80
to $2 60 per ton.
AGAIN.
4 machine miners, $90.
Track foreman, $3 tJay.
Teamster, light city wagon,' $2 day. ' /
CAN YOU FILL THESE?
Fireman, with oil. city, good Job, $2 day. '
Fireman, with straw, harvest outfit $1 75
' day and found.
Derrick forker harvest outfit, $2 50 day fd
Choreman, S. M. Co., extra good Job, $30 fd.
Stableman, city stable, good and easy, $35 M
Stableman, 10 horses, also drive, special job.
$2 day.
Two 2-hor«e teamsters, fare 30c, $35 found
ELECTRICIAN FOR MINE.
Tool-sharpener for a mine, boss here. $3 day
Epooltender, lumber co., fare $2, $35 found."
.Rough carpenter, only few tools wanted, $3
day.
' Woodworker. p!ne furniture city Job, $2 day
HARNESSMAKER. CAMP, $35 AND FOUND
FRUIT PICKERS— THAT'S YOU. I
18 fruit picker*, different Jobs, $30 found
EXTRA GOOD JOBS.
2 boys, eaety, B ood Job. you'll suit $6 week.
8 young men. work about city store, $1 25 day
Driver, light city delivery wagon, $10 week
Assistant bookkeeper and stenographer, for
ranch, $30 found.
ONE BIO RANCH.
16 ranch hands, steady Jobs. 2 and 4 horses
$30 found.
. BUTCHERS.
Butcher, fare 00c. shop wagon. $35 found
SEE US QUICK.-!
Cook, sawmill camp, $40 and found.
Walter, sawmill camp, $25 and found
Dishwasher, sawmill camp. $25 and found •
Cook, hotel, fare 80c. boss here. $15 found
Cook, steamer work, take it, $55 found
: Cook, restaurant, city. $15 week.
MURRAY & READY.
634 , and . 036 Clay : st
NEAR SAN FRANCISCO: 7~\ T"
18 two and four horee teamsters 23c 'far* •
$60 to $67 *0. . V
FOR A COMMERCIAL BANK
Teamntere. fare $1. take It, $32 60 found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
YOUNG man. 18 to 22 yearn, live with parents
city, for our office; permanent position . - <'
MURRAY fc READY. 634 and 630 Clay at.
GO VE KNMENT positions— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7, for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
. cr evenings.' , ¦ .,
WANTED--Ten - extra- men at ' Grand Opera
" -Hoyse' stage door, 10 a.m. ¦ ..
WANTED— Short ! order cook at Clack's, 1946
• Market »t., corner Gough,"
HEtP^^KTED-^a^X^--^atlnwid ;u I
ATC. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S...Emp. Agency
429 Bush st • ..¦.."...642 Clay st.
30 tunnelmen. SO muckers . . . . . .$2, $2 75
Eureka. Humboldt Co.. Steamer sails to-day
Teamsters, laborers. Nevada $2 50
Ship to-night fare $7 50.
Teamsters, Southern California, fare $4 65.$2
Laborers, tiemakers. lumber pliers.. $2, $2 50
Shasta and Trinity Counties.
Second cook and baker, $o0 to $60: com-
bination cook, $75; cook, institution, country.
$35; walte», country hotel. $30; pantryman,
country hotel, free fare both ways, $35;
porters, $20; bellboys.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO. . .Employment Office
429 Bu«h st... ....642 Clay st.
YOUNG man as clerk in stationery store; must
, understand something about photography, $12
and increase; also clerk for stationery store,
$10 week; wood turner, $20 week; carriage
painter. $3 day: blacksmith helper, $1 25
and board; head logger, $50 and board;
screw turner, $50 and $60 and board; assist-
ant about laundry, $8 week; farmers: man
and wife, private family, $50 and found; 2
laborers for mine, and others. J. F.
CROSETT. & CO., 628 Sacramento st
COOK and waiter, coffee house, $12 week;
cook and wife, small place, $45 and found:
2d cook, $50; dishwasher, $30 and found:
orderly for hospital; elevator boys, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st '' >v>
" AT HORD - 8MITH'S
»5 Third st. Contractors' agents.
Teamsters, Central California, $2 25.
J Walter, city hotel, side money, $30 found.
Pick and shovel men, near city, $2.
Young man for ranch, near city, $15 found.
Husky young man, feed barn, city, $12.
¦Laborers, near city, 8 hours, $2.
Laborers, Monterey Co., $2 25.
Nevada, teamsters and laborers. $2 60.
IF you want help of any kind patronize the
new Men's Home Free Employment Bureau;
absolutely free to both employer and em-
ploye. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Westenberg su-
perintendents. 406 Paelflo st; phone Black
¦6410; free coffee.
WANTED — Bright boy between the agea of 15
and 18 to operate private exchange tele-
phone; .must live with parents; salary. $25
month to begin; answer in own handwriting.
Box .4063, Call office.
•YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
. evenings, ¦ $9 50 week; send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept W 4,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
SCHOOLBOYS can make $5 per week; send
15c for sample outfit and particulars. Box
4384. Call office.
A' FIRST-CLASS salesman for men's depart-
ment; also one for children's department
. Apply 516 Market st.
ONE or two men to learA a good trade; steady
work; no night or-SundAy work; $25 security
required. Apply 310V4 Folsom st, upstairs.
A MAN of indomitable > energy and push, a
.good talker eager to make money. F. PER-
SON, 477 and 478, Parrott building.
BARBER Saturday and) Sunday; bring tools.
i5 411 Devisadero . st.
BARBER wanted at the Berkeley Shaving
Parlor. 2120 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS pants maker for country. Ap-
ply RE1SS BROS. &. CO.. 24 Sutter at
STRONG boy for elevator. HOLM &. NATHAN,
612 Market st
PORTER —anted; barber shop. C28 Post st
MAN for light work; collect; steady employ-
ihent. . Call HIS Market st, room 1.
WANTED — An Al carpenter; a long Job for
right person. 82S Harriaon st.
WANTED — Boy in grocery and frutt stand.
Call to-day. Mason and Fina fits.
MAN;' with .references to distribute circulars.
- ,^J.0_5 Market; st. upstairs; permanent.
FIRST-CLASS barber, would like to rent bar-
-.'. ber.shop in a country town. Box 4390, Call.
SWELL v2»chaif, barber shop for sale;, doing
- - nice..bu«lr,«>*s» t oiviif«« going East. 2584 Mkt
MEN to learn' 'barberi trade; onty eight weeks
-required; constant -practice and expert in-
struction: Dcsitions"' secured; special inducer
lnenta thl.« month; cataloeue mailed free.
' Moler System . College, 635 Clay st ' ' ' .
HOP picking on Russian River. Call imme-
diately for railroad tickets. E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st; open this
••veiling. • - ¦ ' •¦.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne ' Bros. Co. School of Practical
.Plumbing: send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave., St. Louis. Mo. . :
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of encyclopedia work; ealary $1000
per -year with • additional bonus; first-class
references required. Box 3029, Call office.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Governmtnt positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Oranr bidg.. 1005 Market st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to* know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st; 250 rooms: 25c to 60c per night.
INDUSTRIOUS German, tending bar. wine-
house: state references; married preferred.
Box 4066. Call office^ ,
FOR sale — Barber shop; good town; shaving
25 cents; price $50 If. sold immediately. L.
¦ HESS, Valley Ford, CaL
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 .and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
BARBER' shop for sale; , good location; good
transient, trade. Address box 4370, Call.
_X»R rent— Room suitable for barber shop at
Third and Minna. Inquire of butcher.
WANTED— First-class boiler-makers with good
refs. ; state age, experience. Box 4305. Call.
WANTED — A good machinists; state age ex-
perience and references. Box 4364, Call..
A GOOD steady barber wants work In the
city or country. J. BARBER. 364 Jessie st
ENERGETIC worker;, good pay; old stre»t-car
man preferred. 816 Market st. room 68. 1
WANTED — Barber to buy good 4-chair shop.
G. A. Trost«Barber Supply Co., 80S Mason.
WANTED — Young ' manito learn barber trade;
wages paid wbllo learning. 741A Howard.
BRICKLAYERS wanted". to point. terra 1 cotta.
Fairmont Hotel.
BARBER ehop for sale, with or without living-
rooms. 1SS3 Mission st.
BARBERS— $250 buys cor. shop; good business
and rurnlture of 8 rooms. 235 Eighth »t.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy..r. 416.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson St.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty., E.A.BulIls, r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Gnu. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 ; rooms: 35c . night; reading- roooras;
• .free 'bun and. baggage to and - from , ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaJI Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church «ts.
A BRANCH I office of The • Call for the recep-
tion of c— vartlscments and subscriptions has
. been opened at 1008 Market .st.,.' opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 6C3 Mission Bt., bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while" waiting; 25c
to 60c. 563 Mission 'St.,. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOBS^ AlTO^yAqogS.
FOR . sale— BlaclTTllly, • 2 :20 cilpi'ToeJed^lOoi?
Eanta Rosa stock farm; sire Beau B 2:16V>,
¦ dam Flcra Allen, half ¦ elster to AlmaretJC
2:20, and FJorali, 2:21; first-class pedigree.
Apply box 40C8. Call office. .
FOR sale— Bargain ; . Rockaway. ; Victoria and
exercise cart r, nearly good as new. 1317
'Jackson. Oakland, or 22 California, r. , 7, 8.F.
FINE : Brewster i. extension! 1 front; Brougham I
rubber tires; brake; chfap. LARKINS &
CO. ;651 Howard «t. ' ..
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
, surreys, .buggies,; carts and harness; at 1140
•_; - Folsom st .."'•-'- ' ' '- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ... . . '
FINE river bottom. pasturage; green feed year
round; near* Black- Diamond; Contra Costa
.: '. County. • Nucleus Stables," 190 Stevenson. S,F.
AUCTION»«ale of horses,' waeons andharness
.; every .Wednesday : at '11. a., m. 327 Sixth st.
BARN wanted': .. TV stalls and" room for 3
wagons.' Apply 3 Eddy St.. room 8. .; * r"
WANTED— A ' good i sound delivery horse. • Box
: ,• 33C0,' Call; Office. ; / - ,v
W ANTED-^Buggy : ; . in * good : condition 'for use
•, In • country, ©ox- 3456. > Call. -,-¦. • .
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL ISO Hawaiian Com & Sugar 56 00
v ieo Honokaa S Co 14 75
100 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 10 50
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 «214
$15,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 115 50
155 Makaweli 27 CO
$1000 Oakland TrRnnlt'Co 6s 119 00
185 Paauhau S P Co 16 00
Unlisted Securities.
• MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CFC 6s. — 99 8 P C R 4«. — 100
B L Wat 6a. — 117 S P Co 4\4«.1OOV4 —
Cal NW 5b.. — 113 Sun Tel 5s.. .104 —
¦M C Wat r.B.100 — Sun Tel 6s... 110% —
Ris I WkB5s — 105 Suttr-st R5s.l05 113 -
SF Drdk 5s — 113% UR of SF 4s. 84% 84%
SF & NP 5s. — llOVil ,'-::
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat Bk.107% —
Cal G&ECor. — 50% N S R K Co. 0V t -
C Jockey C1.100 115 N Cal P Co. — 9%
Cal Powder. — 150 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.115 — IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 Orpheum Co.. 15%
Chutes Co . . — 7 PacC Cas Co. 130 —
City &CBk- 120 Pac Sur Co.105 —
CypLImp.. — 6% Paraf Paint.. 33 —
East Dynm..25O — S F DryOock 60 —
DptPwd pfd 75 I — SF & SJCoal — 25
Do com . . — ' 50 ' ? 3 Wat Co. — 100
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — fi5c Swlss-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 110 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Gas Con A.. — 20% UR InC pfd. 52T4
Hono P Co.. 27 32% Do com ... 12% 15
Lon& SF Bk — CO
SALES. .
Morning Session.
Street — .
10 Cal Gas & Electric Corp 60 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
, $1000 United R R of S F 4s 84 50
Street —
450 U Ry Inv Co pfd..... 52 S7%
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stock — Bid. Ask.
Apollo-: ...... 45
Associated Trust Certificate.. 18v 19'
Aztec 58
Caribou 4 25 5 00 .
Claremont 80 .'¦¦. S'i%
Four 03 65'
I^ilton .• 1 25 ' I
Hnnfnrd ..164 00 170 00 I
Home 1 35 ......
Imperial 18 00
Independence ....'..... 2S "30'
Kern 5 00
Kern River-.........,.'....... 12 00 ......
Monarch (of Arizona). ...... ..... 30
Mcnte Cristo '..;... 64 . C5
Ocoldsntal of W. Va. ;..""..... 05. ....;.
Oil City Petroleum....';..... 13 00
Sovereign ...". .....:.V. »3S 42 .
SterliifL" .................... 2 00 2 K0
Superior ' 04 ftS .-..-
Thirty-Three ..., ..... 0S%
Twenty-Eisht .J 9 00 9 50
"West ; Shore •.. ..;..;:... 2 15 2 20
Associated Bonds ..:....... 72 00 ¦ 72 00
Monarch (pool) ...;.... |.,.'.i«S| 30
Kern (new) .;....¦.......... 30
Piedmont--. 06 08
' . MISCELLANEOUS.
Honolulu Sugar : . ,'.\ ."... ."...' 26 50
Northern * California Power.': ...... 10 00
SALES..
- Morning Session. '
1000 Independence ....'..!..;........ 29
- ¦ ¦ ¦ ' Afternoon ' Session.
50 Pauhau •....;...:;..... ..: .18 25
25' Pauhau .'. . .16 60
; , : . Mining: Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following —ere" the 'sales r on l the • San 5 Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :.-
Morning f Session:'
r: 500 Alta ......... 141 s 100 Kentuck ..... 02
• 100 Belcher 1 : . .... 21 1 100 Mexican "... . . J -t fi7
* 300 Belcher ..... 221" ICO Ophlr ....\..*.2 60
100 Best & Belch. 86| 500 Seg ¦ Belcher. . C9
Continued From Pace Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
ARRIVED.
. Wednesday. August IT.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman. 33 hours from
Coos 'Bay.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 hcnirs from Half
moon Bay.
DOMESTIC PORT.
SEATTLE^ — Sailed Aug 17— Strar Garonne,
for Nome,
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA— Arrived Aus 17— Br bark Har
old. from Caleta Buena, Chile.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Palace Hardware Company (contractors), ar
chitect Nathaniel Blaisdell— Finishing hard
ware for a six-story brick building on lot on
NE corner of Montgomery and Clay streets, E
97:6 by N 68:9: $1400.
Security Savings Bank (owner) with Chicage
Ornamental Iron Company (contractor), ar
chitect same — Ornamental iron work for a two
story and basement brick building on lot on
E line of Montgomery, street. 157:6 S of Cali
fornia. E CS:9 by S 40; $360.".
B. Stelllng (owner) with Robert Trort (con
tractor), architect H. Hess — AH work except
plumbing, gasfluing, sewer, painting, electric
work, mantels, gas and electric fixtures and
shades, tor a three-story frame building
(store and two flats) on the W line of Devisa,
dcro street. 27:0 S of Fell, 25x100:3; $7358.
H. J. Sierck (owner) with O. A. Craemer
(contractor), — architect — All work for a one
rtory frame building on the W line of Folsom
etreet. 158 S of Preclta avenue, S 25 by W 80;
$2380.
J. F. Dolan (owner) with G. H. Williams
and F. Crothers (contractors), — architect —
Carpenter and mill work, rough and finishing
hardware, for two 7-room ¦ frame cottages on
the W line of Noe street, 173 S of Nineteenth,
S 40 by W 125; $2490.
Same owner with same contractors. — ar
chitect — Same work for a two-story basement
and frame building (flats) on the W line of
Noe street. 247 S of -Nineteenth. S 25 by W
125, MB 112; ?23OO.
BOOTBLACKS WILL WORK.— The Boot
blacks' Union has decided to keep all stands
open on Labor day. Several new members
were admitted to the union last night, and $.0
was voted to a member In distress.
line of Fourteenth street. 75 W of Treat ave
nue. W 25 bvN 8.1.535; $10., "- >
Francis and M. A. Craig and William F.
and Sada D. Stubbs to Charles H. and John
L. Stubbs, undivided % of lot on N line of
Fourteenth street. 25 W of Treat avenue, W
25 by N R3.535; $10.
Mary A. G. Green or Grenn to George W.
Green, lot on SE corner of.Folsom and Four-!
teenth streets, S 50 by E 75; also lot on SE
corner of Devisadero and Waller streets, S
S2:fi by E -116:3; $10.
George W. Green to Marian G. Green, lot
on SB corner of Folsom and Fourteenth streets,
K 50 by E 75; also lot on SE corner of Devis
adero andrNValler streets. S.32:0 by E 116:3:
also lot on N line of Brannan street, 254 IZ
of Third, E 22 by N SO; $10.
Bridget Doyle to Paul M. Doyle, lot on W
line of Shotwell street, 95 S of Nineteenth, S
SO by W 110:6; $10.-
William J. Gunn to John and Ellen Me-
Gushln. lot on. N line of Valley street. 203 W
of Church, W 25:8 by"N 114, quitclaim
deed; $L
John and . Ellen McGushin to Frlederika.
Overacker, same: $10.
Sophia G. Cutter (and as executrix estats
of Lester. L. Robinson) to , Emlle Bauer and
Robert White Company, lot on N line of Four
teenth street, 100 W ot Church, W 25 by N
100; ?10.
B. S. Van Meter to John Anderson, lot on S
line of Hall street, 100 E of Castro, E 50 by
S 114; $10.
I. C. Scharff to HJalmar Larson, lot on N
line of Beaver street, 84:IUi W of Noe, W
2r>:6"i by N 50; $10.
Ruth E. Turner to David- and Sellna E.
Lewis. '. lot on S line of Twenty-third street.
223:4 W of Castro, W 20:8 by S 114; $10.
Eugene Ga&smann to Cellna Gassmann, lot
on E line of Stockton street, 40:6 N of Sutter.
N 24 by E 50:0; gift.
Andrew B. McCreery to Lawrence McCreery.
lot on W line of Powell street. 80:6 N of
Rutter, N 32, W 77:6. S 25, E 52:6, S 7, E
25; $10.
G. T. and Anna Knopf to Elvira H. Ber
lund. lot on SW line of Montgomery avenue,
28:0^i SE of Beach street. SE 25. SW 74.
thence angle 40 degrees N 32, thence at angle
140 degrees NE 53:6; $10.
Eliza Cooper to Roxanna L. Wheaton. lot
on SE line of Harrison street. 77:6 NE of
Third. NE 25 by SE SO; $10.
Edmund T., Kathryn. Margaret M. and Nellie
F. Fethan to P. N. Lillenthal. lot on NW line,
of Folsom street, 225 SW of Eighth, SW 50 by
NW 00; $1.
Eliza J. Hulme to Alma J. Hulme, lot on
E line of Tenth avenue, 200 N of Clement, E
120. N 33-5. W- 120-2." S 40-6; $2C0O.
Edward B. Church to Frances A. Church,
lot on N line of Point Lobos avenue, 82:6
E of Twelfth avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Same tn same, lot on W line or Tenth
avenue, 225 S of Point Lobos avenue, 8 ¦ 50 by
W 120; $10. . .
' George S., William H., Grace M., Samuel
II. and William H. CrimJr. to Oscar R. Mc-
GPe and . W. N. ¦ Canfteld. lot on W line of
Twelfth avenue 200 S of I street, S 25 by
W 120; $10. . '
John - Andrews Jones Estate Company to
Franzlska Barta, lot on E line of Forty-ninth
avenue,'- 100. S-of.I street; S 25 by E rjO; also
Int'on.E lln»"nf F">rtv-nl"th avenue, 290 N of
J street, N 50 by V. 240; $10.,
. Laurence M. and Mamie H. Rupert to Eliza
beth N. Leach, lot S line of O street. 57:6
E of Eleventh avenue, E B0 by S 100: $10.
Antom* and Oracle ' Borel to C. D'Ottlllle,
lot - on E line Paris street, 225 N of Persia
avenue. N 25 byE 100.' being portion of block
10. Excelsior Homestead Association; $10.
' Alexander Foster to Ollnto Vannucci, lot 10,'
block i D, subdivision of block 19, West End
Map No. 2: ?10.
X. J. McNamara to same, same; $5.
Calherine FJtzslmmcns to- August F. and
Ellen JS._Roe9ch. lot on NE line of Seven
teenth ! avenue, 250 ¦ SE : Q • street, SE 50 by
NE.100. block 332,,O'N. & H. Tract: $10.
James, Mary 'A., Thomas and Susan Co
mlsky to Bernhard - Getz, lot on SE line of
Athens street, 100 NE of Brazil, NE 50 by
SE 200, . block 72, Excelsior Homestead As
sociation: $10.
¦ John A.. Porter to Eva E. Fisher, . lot 360,
Gift Map No. 1; $5. .• ¦
W. B. Stephens to' H. S. Allen, lots 35 to
39, block 1. Park Lane Tract."; $10.
. Minna '; Meier to Margaret '; Pennebaker, lot
on Wline Goettingen etreet. 100 N of Sllllman.
N 50 by W 120. lot 3, block ; 26, University
Md.: $10. " 1 ; .
Masonic t Cemetery Association to Jemima
Lundy, lot , in cemetery; . $103.
Builders' ' Contracts.
Mrs. •¦- Elizabeth '• Geary . (owner) ; with ; Johnson
&!Secor (contractors), Meyer & O'Brien;archi
tects — Grading,;, foundation, carpenter, ¦ plumb-;
in_-, . electric t work ; and : painting ¦ for : a three
story • and '- basement -frame building on ¦ lot on
I SW- - corner of ¦» Scott , and ' McAllister 3treets,
IS 112:3 to point of beginning, thence W 106:3,
Si_5.;E:iO6:3.'N;25;.$9SOO. :
*T Edward ' L. t Landegren . (owner) -with B. K.
Albertson';. (contractor).': 3 architect ¦ same — All
work • for r a :, two-story,™ and • basement ; frame
bulldlns (flats), on let on -W-* line of De ; Long
avenue.". 228:6 . N of Frederick street, ¦ N 50 by
,W 80 ; & W7.'W--tMMB-MB-PM-»-^MftHl
- Christian ' M. ' Hansen . (owner) with ; Esstman
Bros.* (contractors), /architect ; Albert; Schroep
fer^ — Plumbing, gas : fitting an^ tiling for -, a
three-story s and ; basement frame » buildln? on
lot on E line : of - Chattanooga ¦ street.": 130 : N » of
Twenty-third, N 32:6, by, E 117:6: *1300.
'•¦'¦¦ Echmledell . Estate ', Company- (owners) with
$2500.
Charles H., Anne S., Charles-H. and Mary
J.- Stubbs to Francis E. Craig- and W. F.
Stubbs. undivided half interest In lot on N
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 17.
Charles and Ada Bush fo Harry Bush lot
on N line of Eddy street. 25-E of Franklin, E
27 by N 120; $10.
Elizabeth T. Barellles to Bertha L. Bar
eilles, lot on E litm of Octavla street, 50 S
Greenwich. S 25 by E 100; $10.
Bertha L. Barellles to William L. and Flor
ence M. ' Terry, same: $1173.
Antonio Lalolo to Michael J. and Mary E.
McDermott. lot on NW corner Hermann and
Webster Btreets. N 24 by W 83:3; $10.
Charles A. Schulz to Bernhard A. Schmidt,
lot on S line of Grove street, 150 E Steiner E
30 by S 137:6; gift.
Estate Winnifred A. Kelly, by Cornelius J.
Carroll, admr., to Mary McNamara, lot on
NE corner ot Elm avenue and Scott street.
N 40 by E 32 :C. $2500.
Leon and Liilian Lewin to Alvlne E. Schulz,
lot on N line of Pacific street, 66 E of Baker,
E 2S by NJ127:8K; ?10.
George A. Knd Louis A. Stelger and Paulina
M. A. Pfister. trustees estate of Pauline M.
Stelger to John McLaughlin and Ma
rian (i. Byrne, lot on a- line of Golden Gat*
avenuo. S7:6 E of Central avenue, E 25 by S
100: ?10; also lot on E line of Azhbury street,
51 :0 N of Frederick, N 23 by E 100: $10.
¦ James M. and Florence V. Eva and Sam J.
and Lillian M. Eva to W. E. Osborne. undi
vided half Interest In lot on N line of Clay
street, 34:4»i E of Maple, E 34:4% by N 100,
REALi ESTATE TRANSACTIOXS.
In the differences between the Mafc
donough Estate Company and Richard
H. Warfield, former lessee of the Cali
fornia Hotel, over payment for certain
damages to the Interior of the place
and the price to be paid by the estate
for Warfleld's kitchen utensils and
china, a decision by the arbitrators
was yesterday filed In court. They
find that Warfleld must pay $438 for
damages to the hotel and $570 08 for
damages to the personal property. The
estate shall pay him $1642 36 for the
china, glass and utensils found fit to
use, these articles being originally
valued at $2650 44.
Warfield Matter Settled.
200 Caledonia ... 46 800 Seg Belcher.. W
100 Con Imperial. 02 100 Union Cob .. 29
100 Julia ... . 11
Afternoon Session.
* 200 Bullion .:.... 28 BOO Mexican 88
100 Cbollar ...... 17 100 Ophir ........ 2 45
10O Con C & Va.1 15 100 Bierra Her .. 2*
100 Julia ........ 10 100 Yellow Jacket 20
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE!
Following were the sale* on the faolflo
Stock Exchange yesterday :
' . Morning Sesalon.
100 Belcher ...... 21| 100 Ophtr ..2 80
400 Caledonia ... 45| 200 Seg Belcher :. 10
100 Con C & Va.l 15| 400 Seg Belcher .. 09
100 Crown Point. lCT 100 Union Con' .. 28
400 Gould & Cur. 22 400 Yellow Jacket. 22
200 Mextcan 87|
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ... 461 SCO Sierra Ne- ..-24
200 Con.C & Va.l 15| 10O Union Con ..25
2C0 Kentuck 01 1 100 Union Con . . 26
.100 Mexican 87 1 100 Union Con ..27
100 Ophlr .......2 50 1C0 Yellow Jacket 21
200 Ophir ..2 45 200 Yellow Jacket 20
200 Seg Belcher. . 07| 400 Yellow Jacket 19
200 Sierra Nev..,_3|
TONOPAH MINIKG EXCHANOR
Following were the sales on th» San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1200 MacNamara . ¦ 3"7 1200 Ton Gold M. 19
500 Paymaster.... 04 . 000 Ton Midway.. 44
2000 Red Top 14 50 Ton of Nev.8 00
COn Ton Gold M. 20|
Atternoon Session.
500 Goldfleld Ton. Ill 100 Ton Gold M. 19
1C«> MacNamara .';.7|t000 Ton Midway.. 44
1000 N Y Ton 04(1000 Ton N Star... 23
100 Red Top 14|
CLOSING IQUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 17 — 8 p.' m.
Bid.Ask.| Bid. Ask.
Alpha .,..,.." 12 14 Justice 11 12
Alta 11! 14 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 21 22 Keyes Graes.. — 75
Belcher 20 22 Lady Wash ..04 06
Best & Belch. 85 87 Mexican ..... 87 80
Bullion ...... 2« Occidental ... 80 85
Caledonia ... 46 47| Ophlr ..2 45 2 60
Challenge Con 21' 23 Overman 10 12
Chollar 16 17 Potosl 19 17
Confidence . . 65 71* Scorpion OS 09 •
Con C & Va.l 15 1 20 Savage 22 24
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher... 07 OS
Con NY.... 02 C4 Sierra Nev .. 2.1 24
Crown Point. 15 17 Silver Hill . . 81 53
East Sierra N 03 OS St Louis .... 13 —
Kureka Con.. — 5O| Syndicate 02 01
Exchequer . . - 60 • «2 Union Con .". 26 27
Gould & Cur. 21 23 Utah 10 11
Kale & Norc. 65 P8 Yellow Jacket 19 21
Julia 09 llj 7; ; .
TOXOPAH MINES.'
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Cilrhan . — lOJRay Ex .... — 03
Esperanza ... 02 03|Ray & O'Brien 00 10
Eula Con . . — 30| Ray Ton .... — 10
Oolrl Anchor. — 25!Red Top 13 14
Golrtflfld B.. 16 — Hescue Oft 10
Goldfleld Nev. 85 , 90 Ton Belmont.. fi2 63
Goldfleld M.. 15 —Ton &.Cal... 15 20
Goldfleld Ton. 11 —Ton Ex ..... 99 110
Gold M Con. 02 03 Ton Fraction.. 25 • —
Jim Butler.;. — 70 Ton & G W. 03
Little Ton .. — 60 Ton Gold M. IS 19
Lucky Tom . . — 05 Ton Midway. . 43 44
MacNamara . 37 88 Ton of* Nev..8 00 8 ?5
MIzpah-Ex .. 20 —Ton N Star.. 20 28
Mont Ton. 2 87*42 42H I Ton & Salt L 50 —
N Y Ton .... — 041 United Ton .. 07 —
Paymaster ..03 — (West End ... 17 — ;
Yesterday two deeds and a mort
gage of this property were placed on
record. The first deed, dated July 27,
was from Mrs. Virginia Vanderbilt to
Mrs. Theresa Oelrlchs, and the second,
dated July 28, from Mrs. Oelrichs to
Thomas . Magee & Sons. The Mort
gage was from the Magees to the Hi
bernia Savings and Loan Society and
the consideration was S165.000.
Purchaser of the Lot Mortgages It to
the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society.
Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt Jr. has
sold her property on Market street,
between Third and Fourth, to Wil
liam A. Magee. Thomas Magee Jr. and
Frederic E. Magee, the members of
the firm of Thomas Magee & Sons. Al
though the papers were recorded yes
terday the sale was made in May last,
the contract -allowing the purchasers
an unusually long time to search title
and pay the balance of the purchase
price. The property is located on the
south side of Market street, No. 769,
between Third and Fourth, arid ad-
Joins the Mackay.property on the east.
With 25 feet front on Market street.
175 feet to Stevenson street and 135
feet front on Stevenson street, the lot
is therefore —-shaped, with its larg
est frontage on Stevenson street. It
contains 11,950 square feet. The Im
provements consist of a three-story
frame building occupied by various
tenants under a lease which has three
years to run, so that no improvements
can be erected until the expiration of
the lease. The price at which the
property changed hands is noC made
public. :
The contract of sale was signed in
May of this year and previous to the
agreement* between Mrs. Vanderbilt
and Thomas Magee & Sons for the
sale of the remainder of her proper
ties. Some of these have already been
sold and other sales are under nego
tiation.
MRS. VAJTDERBI-T SEIiLS
MARKET-STREET PROFEKTT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAfcL; THURSDAY, AUGUST IS, 1901.
12
RAILWAY TRAVE1-.
><S ftJ^V Train s Uste and are da*
y^Jtn^f^ te arrlT. at
(£0Z2S—!& 8AK FRANCISCO.
VvA. a_!!\ JtlJ ¦ T*°* '¦" tT **• w* 1
\j^^_^«Vr r*_s*T Vxrcrt
X-C \J/ flToot of Market Street >
«¦¦--» — . MAIN LINE. — -««-»'
7-OOa ?-es-nie. Wlntera, Kamtej .-. 7 6Qt»
7J»A,Be_lcla, Bimlra sad Sacramento.. 7.20P
740a Vallejo. Nape, CallttOK*. Saata
Rom. Martinez. San Ramon I 20»
7--XU 5»es,Trscy. Utthrop. Suxikroa.... 7.20P
100a 6h«»ta Express— (Via D*vUi.
William* (for Bartlelt 8prl-jr»>.
Wtllotra. tFrnto. Uad BlaS.
Portiand. Tacomm Seattle 7-52~-
•40a D«Tla. Woodland. Kn:ch:« LnndlaK.
UaryaTtlle. Chlcu. Urovllle 7-58*
140a Port Costa. Martinez. ABitoeh,
Byron. Trsey, Stocktou. J»e-*-
van. Los Danoa, Me ad or a.
Armona. Qaafurd. Vlaslla,
Forterrtlle _. 4.20»>
t J0a Port Costa. Modeito. Merced.
Treaoo. Oosa-n Janetlon. 11 si-
fort, VU»l!a. naker*n«M 4.53*
ISC A Slles, Saa Joae; Llrerrr.ore. Stock-
loo. (tMllton). lose. Sucramaabx
MaryiTllle. Cblee. Rot Blaff .... 4.2a>
•JTOa Os-ilale. Chlaein. Jsmettown. 3>
nora. Tuolnmnr and A-cels 4-?0^
• 00a Atlantic Kzpreii*— OKdea *n4 Raat. S 20p
• 30a Richmond. Mnrtlnei sad Way
Statloos 9 S0<»
10 CCA Thi^ Overland Ltmttf 1 — «>artf.a.
Omaha, C-lcago, Denver, Kansas
CIV. St-Lonls -SSS""
1000a Vallsjo 12 2Q*
M-30A L»* Aniceles Pasaesser — Port
Cocta. Martfnez, Byroa. Traey.
Lat-rop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fre-no. Goabea Jnn«- *"
Uob. Haa«0rd. Lecaoore. Vlsalla.
Bakerafletw. Loa Angelea Zt5*
If Mm n»r»ard. Klles and Way BtaUoaa. S.20<»
11.00" Bacrimento Rirer Staamers tii.OO*
S4QP Benleia, Wlntsrs. Sacramento,
—oedlaad. Willow*. Kntfhts
L*-<Ung. MaryiTine. OrorUle
and way aUtloaa 'rlS*
I-30P Bayward.Kllea aad War Stations.. 7 50»
4«0- M»rtlnei.S«n it-uioa. V-Ilrjo, N'apa,
C-llato«_.8_ntaRo«-... ¦ ™*
4-OT«» Slles. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl ...... *-4~"
4 ZDp Uarw»r«l. Nlles, lrria.ua. Saal tJ.sOA
Joee. LtTsronorc ..I 1II.0.A
B*Cp The Owl Limited— Sen-man. Los
Banot. Mendota.Fre»no. T«lar«.
Bakenteld.LosAs3e;ea S--2*
IS J0«< Bayward. Nlles sad *»n Joae ..... 7.20a
CXOpHayward. Nlles and Saa Joae 8.60a
ti)9i» £*ste;o Express — Optics. Ostht,
Ctilcairo. Denver, K-asaa Ult-,
St. Loots. Tla Martinez. Storktoa.
Sacrsraento. Colfaz. Uono...... 12.80*
• .DC- Vtllejo, dslly, except . amity... . I 7 Rna
T*Op Vtllejo. Sunday only f /0UF
7 .BCp Kicbmoad. ban Pabin, Fort Cotut,
Martiaex and Way SUtlons 11. .34
7-C0#Sene Psisenser— Port Coata, Sat-
tan. riBilrm. I)»t!«. SaeTament*.
Trockee. Lake Ta&oe. R»aoi,
Tonopab. Eparfca , 7-SoA
Id* Pert Costa. Marsiaei. Brroa.
Tr-ey, Lathrop. Moletto.
Vlereed, Bereads. Freno and
Wsy Stations beyond Port Ceeta 12.20*
• •OSj» Tesemltc Valley, vis iterends and
Wiw»m _....-. 8 53*
• Co- M»nlne«. Tracy. StocVWn 10.20a
S-O&p Oreajva * Callforala Rzpreis— Sae>
rameatcy Marysvllle. Beddtxg.
Portlsad. Pujet So-iad sad Eatt. S-50a
1.10* 11 ay ward. Kllei and 8»s Joae(Sa»
day only) 11-88*,
COAST LINE l*uvw ti»»i»V
(Voot of Marfcet Street.)
*7^4Sa Santa CrnxExcarslostSunday only) ft.10s>
1.15a Kewark. Ceaterrllle. Saa Jooe,
Feltna. Boulder CreeJt. BiftSasla.
Santa Cms and Way Stauoas... W*
13.15a Al-ir-dn. Kewsrk. Baa Jose. Los
Gttos, Glen wood, Felton, Bonlde?
Creek, B'.s'B-ttn. Sanu Crox.... 8-10*
tt.16* 9ewark, Center* lll«. 8«a Jos*
Kew Alnndea.Loa O»io».F"-Itoa.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux aad
Principal Way Buttons 1939*
4 18* Newark. San Jot*. Los GaCos tS-S5A
4.16P* Wrlk-ht. Baiililer Creek sa4 Baat*
Cnu. Saturday aa^ g-jixtay only. W-5BA
COAST LINE (Bread h*_ce>.
gr ( linn! ami f 0Trn»CDd Streets.)
810a flan Jose and Way Stations 9.30m
17 60a San Jose and Way 8ta«nn« 6.40*
7.15a Moaterey and Santa Cn— S_te«*>
sion (Sunday on!y) 10-30*
I -00a Kew Almaden (Toes. Prtd.. oolyl. 4-10«»
COAThc Coaster— San Jose. Siltaaa,
Snn Ardo, Pa«o Eoblea. 8*nt»
Margarita. 6ftt> Lnl* Obltpo.S-iit_
Barbara. 6sa Bueo-Teiitnr-,
MontalTo, Oznsrd, Barbank, Los
Angles I8 4J»
t 80a Gtiruy. Uolllsfer. C-strOTilIr. T-l
Mor.te. Pacific Grove, 8nrf. Lobv
poc 1043*
• .CO a 6«a Jose. Tres Plnos.WatMnrrtHe.
Cspttol-. banta Croz, Paetfl«
Grove. Sal!n:t«. 3sn Lsla O'oUpe
snd Prlnct?<t! Way Station*. ... 4.1D*>
IO-JCa San Joie *n4 Way .Stations 1.20*
11 2Ga 8-nta Clara. San Joae. Los Qmt«t
and Way »t«tton* 7.J3*
1-3Cp San Jose and Wey Stations 8 SSa
H IUp DpI M^ote Kxpreva (except Sun-
day) — Sant« Clara. Ban J»«f>,
WatsoarTlle. • FanM Cms. Del "
Moate. Monterey. fsctfleOroTe.tt2.t9*
1-20* T>dr.inc»Tnf. Mn Jtxe. 0::r ir, llnl-
• lister, Tres P!no»,PaJ»ro,Wtt.ion-
Tll'e. CupttoU, Santa Crux. Css-
trovl'.le. Sallnaa. Fuclflc GroTe... 10.43*
d-ZOf Pan Jfoft aad Way Stations ft 00*
ta COP Santa Clarm. 9an Ji>xe, Los Uatoa.
Wrtgat and principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) t3-CCA
|5.Z0p San Jo»*> and Principal Way Stations 53.40a
5 45* 1 £>ut)n-t Expresf.— Uedwoou. San
Jose, Gllr'jy.Ssilnfts.Paao Ilnbiet,
Ean Lu!> Obltpo. Santa Barhir*.
Lot Anseie*. Pesiln*. Et Puet
New Orl^diis. JJew York 7.10*
S45pPa]aro. Witson^lTle. Capltola. I ., A ___
*>_*>t* Crui. Castro-Ille. Del >il2'r J
Monte. Paclflr «ro»e JTlO^iP
16.15? *an Maieo.ReriMfor-t.Ui-lrnont.San
Carlos. Redwt>od. Fair Otks.
JJenloPirk. P»!oAlto tSJR*
6 ZOp 6an Jose snd Vf*j Station*. 638 A
8-00p P»''j Alto aad Wsy Stations 1 J.15*
11 .30p bout h Saa Fran.-txro. M ill r.mc. Bnr-
llnitaroe. £an Mutro. lirlmont;
tan Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oalta,
Menlo Perk, and Palo Alto 9 45-
•11 30p M*j-|!<:Id. Muantaln View. Snnny-
*ale. Lawrence, Santa Clara snd
in Jose t9 45»
A tot Horning. P for Aftarneo-s
tSanJay excepted. 1 Sand*- only
t b»t«rtl»y oniv. * Monday 0«l».
_{t»i>.B« a: all stattoaa a* 8«b4«->
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FFAKCISCd AN. NORTH PAGlri:
RAILWAY CO-CPAITS'.
Tibnron rerry. ?oot o- iXarkeS Str«s->
8A2T mANCISCO TO SATT R.VTAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, S:CO 0:00, 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30, 3:10, 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and Il:oi>
p. m.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 9:ZO. ll:0<J a. m. : 1:30.
2:30. 3:4<\ 5:10, 6:::0. 11:30 p. m.
SA5 RAFAEL TO SAX 7BA-TCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 0:i«>. 7:U5. 7:50. «:_;>.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t_:00, 3:10, 5:00, 5:io.
«:_5 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — «:5O 7:33. 9:_0, 11:15 a. nx: 1:13,
3:40. 4:3O. 5:W>. 5:2O. «:U5. 7:60 p. na.
t Except Saturdays.
Leave \ In Effect | Arrive
San Fran. | May 1, 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Desttna- j Sun- J Week
Days. I days^ tlon. ) days. | Days.
7:3Oa 7:4S at 7:15 a
7:30a 8:W)a S:M» »| .<«:¦«• *
8:00 a 0:30 a I_n.icio. 10:2t»ailO:_o a
2:30 p 2:30 p «:»p «:2Oi»
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p| 7:25 p
7:23 p|
8:45 p|
7:30a| 7:30a 7:45a 7:45;v
8:00 a 8:0Oa Xovato. 10:20 a 10:_:> a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petalur.u 6:20 p «:2Op
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 i> Santa Rosa. | 8:45 p
7 :30>i 7 :30 a! 10:20 a I0:2O a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:2Op
2:30 p 2:30 p| 8:15 p 7:25 p
Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 110:20 a 10:20 a
-. I..ytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservtlle. |7:25p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. |
7:80 al 7:30 al Hopland jlO:2O a 10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p[ and Ulclah. | 7:25 p 7:25 p
j j Wllltts. 1 j
7:8Oaj 7:30a| Sherwood. |7:25p|7:25p
8:00 a! 8:00 a! Gnernevtlle and 110:20 a|10:2t> a
2:SOp| 2:3»p[ Camp Vacation, j 8:45 p| 6.20 i>
8:00 al 8:0O al ~~~ 8:4Oa) 8:40 a
5:10 p »:30a Sonoma. ff:0»p 6:20 p
I 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. 8:45 pj
7:30 al 7:3Oa| ~ ~ |10:2O a|10:2O a
2:30 pf 2:30 p[ Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whits
Sulphur Sprlnrs and Mark West Sorings:. at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton fcr
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville fcr sicaggs
Sprinsa: at Cloverdale for the Geyaers, Bocne-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, . Highland Sprlnjrs, KelsejH-ille, CarU-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wither
Sprinss. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin . Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins,* Mendoclno City, Fort Bras*.
Westport, Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Cbvelo. Lay ton -
vllle. 'Cummins. Bell's. Springs, Harris. Olsens. -
Dyer. Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round -trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all polnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
. Ticket Office. 65O Market street. CJ-ronlcta
bulldlnr- >«»— i — — __~j
JAS. L. KRAZIER. R. X. RTAJf,
Gen. Manager. Gsn. P_ u.'Xgt.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
H LIMITED TO CHICACO 1
H LEAVES MONDAYS md THURSDAYS Q
Slat 0:^*0 a. m., througrh In 3 dayi,B j
H with diner and all trapping-*. jcS
Other Santa, Ta Train. :
o :^i» »" m' 1 for stoc!t toa. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:0O d! m! J Me «"eed. Hanford and VisalU.
4 :0Q p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. 8. 7. Also Ilia Broad.
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 South First st-
San Jose.
®|§p|i!|p||jl To SAN RAFAEL,
KpMp| ROSS VALLEY.
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
• Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6-30 7:10, 7:45, 8:30.* 9:15. 10:00.- ll:0O a. m.
(11 -40 a. m. Sausalito only). 12:2O, 1:45, 3:15,
4-00. 4:35. 6:15. 6:50. 6:_5, 7:15. 0:00, 10:2o.
11-35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7 10 7 45. 8:30. 9:15, 10:00, 11:00, 11:40
a m 12-20 l:C0. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35.
5:15.'5:50. 0:25. 7:15. 8:15, 9:00, 10:20. 11:35
P " Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 6:17,
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. 8:4.'., 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a, m..
12:05. 1:25. 2:&0,-3:G5. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. 6:15.
6~55 *7 "55. 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2:05,
For^Falrfax." week days, depart at T:45 a. m.,
S-15 P m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:3O. 9:15, 10:00.
11:(j0. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20.-1:00, 1:45, 2:30. 7:15
and 8 15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
; 9:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
3:15 r. ' m. : dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
i 7:15 p. m.,' Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc. , V
.'8:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Cazadero, etc.
' TICKBT OFFICE— 828 Market st.
FERRY- — Union ' Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
•' . ¦ - : Le*-* Tk fcisalite Ftrrj ArrlT*
Ban Frauclioo F«rt >f M-rket tt. 8an Franc-M^
Week I Bmn- ,_53&_> Snu- Weafc-
Days. days. jjf&&r&&k t . days. Dayt.
10:00. pgaggwBBp 2:05 p •11:05 -
iO-OO A 11:00 a S:3Sr 3:35 r
I:4B r 12:20 r »:*«> ' .g-'* »
l:tlr l;4tr \|_S^ 6:15 r 10:01 1
........ '4;36r 8:50 p ........
•natraiity Car. * Ta_ial>a-> t* »»' Tsller.
Tickvt . "16-8 Mauh Bt. (>'«rth flhore Railroad)
Onrtczs land S-os-juto Fxiuir, Joot Market 8<
KgA3- xsTAT-— crrr— ro» ba__.
onlt a row i_a-c.
U -ft PER WEEK.
NO nfTXXUEST.
Cboieest lots la tb« Bxeelstor Homestead
Tract; level „ a. billiard table; on street
rrafie; dose to fl&e school; not far from the
Mlssion-st. electrio cars; secure one aa aa
investment and by the time It Is paid for It
» ill have doubled In value the way prices
have advmaoed during the past year; buy
now before prices become prohlWti-e In this
rapidly crowlsg section.
W. J. WtU'ViX
Sfi Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main B7&4.
AUCTION" ~~ ~~ AUCTION^
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
The elegant marine -lew reeidenae «f 15
rooms, all modern Improvements; hardwood
finish, etc.. will be sold on Thursday at
1 p. m. by E. S. SPEAR & CO. on the prem-
ises; corner Broadway and OcUvla.
PRICES reduced to close an accountr-On souUi
-Ide 20th St.. bet. Noe and Sanchez. 150 feet,
of -rhlch 100 feet nan throorh to _b«ty St..
and tmnrovernents: northeast corner Noe ana
21«t sts. 67x105 feet. Inquire of HENRY
GUMBEL. 70 Clementina st.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 23 per week. Mutual
Home Building Asgoclatlon. <27 Crosaley bid.
ALL work ru-ranteed flr«t clasa by AHL-
B.ACH *r MATKFt. pj-reb*m KX9 Howard »t-
-CEZnVO FAB1C as All ESTATE.
$200 PER acre— Two S-exre and one 4-acre
tract back of Fair Oaks; water and good.
roade: lest of thU property left; VI cash.
Medo Park — A fine country home, with
•Tienflld a-_den and magnificent trees; well
bur.t. old-fashioned house tn good condition;
for sale at a bargaln;«15 acres, all Improved.
~_r Oaks— Land In best part of this dls-
tnct; well sheltered and wooded; In tracts of
£ro_ 4 to 25 acres; special terms to thore
buIldlRX Immediately.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Telephone Main 673. 116 California st.
_0MTTA PARK— On line of Ban Mateo electrio
cart; 45 minutes from 5th and Market; sewer
and water pipes to each let; electrio lights,
etc.; 50-foot lota from $S2S to $400; terms.
1 10 domn and $10 a month; get off at "Lomlta
Park" and Investigate: maps sent on appli-
cation. *
EELBT. RODGERS & CO..
TeL Main 673. 116. California, rt.
-CEA— ESTATE TO E-CCHAKOB.
RE-—TY EXCHANGE COMPANY,
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 8O7-M8 CALL BUILDLNO.
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
te sell his fcoldinca for the purpose of retn-esU
lsr the proc*— In a different kind of property.
Our lose experience tn this business enables
ist te often accomplish this double purpose by
only enc transaction. The only condition we
make la tfcat your property. If you wish as to
c rro*« of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND A2fl> IN A GOOD LOCATION. Coat
take up cither our time or row own wltk
-.-crthlers oSerlngs. or property so heavily
mortgaged as te Wits do actcU equity.
II it has merit, whether you own re_ estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
torirg a deecristlon of same to our office. c_t-
ing what kind of property you prefer La ex-
change, and you will be surprised bow quickly
we c_ eflect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WK UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the csly ccassasy in San Francisco making •
Specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
Tertirin* er any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ao>
cept,
FOR -ale or exchange for Improved San Ftsjj-
ciBco property — 1«0 ecres or vineyard land;
f. miles of Glen Kllen. Sonoma Co.; 10 acres
bearing vineyard; .".0 rasture; "0 under culti-
vation, hay, etc.; 90 acres timber land, red-
-rood, pine ar.d oak; p'.enty of living springs ;
fine county road; good 6-room house; 2
barns; 2 cabins: chicken-houses: 3 work
horeee, wsrons and all necessary tools; title
j>erfeet. For more particulars call at 20
Lafayette St.. bet. 11 and 12. bet. Mission
and Ho— ard, San Francisco. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERT^-FTS
ATt*''g~I>A BEAI. ESTATE. '
FOR sale — A home In Al&meda at a great bar-
ta in; nice cottage of 6 rooms, bath and
floored basement; brick foundation, cement
walke. etreet and sidewalk improved; near
•chool'. street cars and S. F. local; lot 60x90;
price $1550; terms $300 cash, balance $20 pet
menth.
-TERRrrr & ¦wolcott,
952 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA HOMES
FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN.
Two new 5-room and 6-roem cottage*:
term* easy. Call at A. R. DENKE'S, 14C0
TYebfter rt.. Alameda.
AXA-gEDA PTTSinS-tEP HOUSES.
WELL furnished ten-room house; fine grounds;
new Willow station. 2050 Santa Clara ave.
ALA1IEDA EOOMS.
ALAMEDA — Large furnished roomi; beautiful
around*: lovely view; ccnvenient to trains.
Be- 4235. Call office.
BERKELEY AD.VERT'ffXTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — {3150: new cottage, with 7 roomi
*nd basement; all modern improvements: 501
145: lot fadnc west; grand view; 114 acrei
r.djcinlng can be rented «t reasonable rates,
CHENEY & BERRY.
Real F.frtate and In-urance.
P. O. Building. Berkeley. Cal.
NEW 7-room house, with bath and electri<
tights: rear university; terms to suit buyer
U<34 Berkeley way.
FRUITVALE ADVERT ? S ? TS
raUXTVAIiE ~~ * t. ESTATE.
SPECIAL ~~~~~ "
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LLVDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LIXDA PARK
Tl:» terminu* of 5-cent fare. Haywardg car*
MrectE graded and graveled; stone sidewalk?
«1»r>ot on tract: lota from $50 to $200; $20 casl
*n<1 balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to loca
train ; best located property on San Leandr<
r«a-l: graded school on tract. Apply to S. S
AUETIK. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. ORkland.
FOR sale— J2750; It cort $3750; rents for $2C
¦ per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Applj
to 6. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.,
raft Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S:3rTS
O 'ICE. 1010 BKOADWAY.
OA_r_A.KT> SEAL ESTATE.
AVE. LOTS. * ""
I have a choice corner lot for tale on _hi
FK. corner cf Oakland ave. and Pearl st.
40:6x133. The ground Is level; the street worl
si I done. The best location on the lower enc
• ,; Oakland ave.
Two. other lct« on the west else of O_k!am
ave.. lower down 40x00. These will be sol<
at half the rrsrular price.
One very dfiflrable lot on the east »!de o
Oakland ave.. next «outh of the cement step
at the top of the first hill, ~Oxll8; $2U0 die
count will be made from the resular price o
lot« la that locality to enable the purchaser t
build a wall and steps like others adjoining
The».e four lots are the best on the lower en>
of Oakland ave. and adjoin fine reEldences.
IRA C. JEXKS.
1209 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$754'* cash. $11 monthly — New 4 -room cottage
,g. incomplete: aeccrted younc fruit orchard
- Jarge oortioti set in choice berries and vln<
iruitage; Al sendy lcam soil; city water
near electric car line; away from foss aii<
wind*: close to a fine 3-story public schoo
and adjolninr Esst Oakland: corner lot, 1U
xlo", on main county road; a dellghtfu
tpot and fine investment: price tn all $1000
Ca!l or send for circular. 455 Seventh st_
opp. Broadway Station. Oakland; carrtagt
fire. H.- Z. JOXKS. owner.
" — — — i ________
— n t-«:y or eell property convenient to Kej
r«:-t- Mj-.tiors. »ee RICHARD J. -1ONTGOM
KKV. Real EeMate DValer, "Key Route .Sta
tl^n." Fortieth st. and Telecraph ave.. Cen
r«! Ockland.
MODERN house. -8 large rooms and receptioi
hall, handsomely decorated, heated by fur
nace, cement basement; lot 40x100 feet
lawn, flowers, fruit trees, etc; owner leavim
city. Apply 6S5 Thirty-third st.. : Oakland
DK£IRABLE house. 12 rooms, close In; perfec
4-ondition; fine Investment: rented . $50 pe
'month: big 1 bargain if sold at once. C. S
WESTON. 1302 Webster st.. Oakland.
HOUSE; 8 rooms; fine condition; near Narrow
Gauge station: beiraln. Address F. W.. 130:
Wetetrr rt.. Oakland.
oax 3-A-tp rroiriTTOE ro-t \ saxj-.
TO-MORROW the oaf" for"b_gain« in furnT
ture. H. £cbe!hta_,Uth «t., cor. store, Oakland.
- -¦ .- , ...¦-.¦ . \
»___ ESTATE — COTT-TT—T— JTOT 8»-t,
' SPECIAI, ' "
1550 acres adapted for alfalfa: all under Ir-
rigation ditch: on S. P. and Santa. Fe R. R-;
we can subdivide and sell at 925.000 profit In
next 18 months; a great opportunity. Call tor
full particulars.
a U. -WOOBTER CO..
CiS Market st.
1000- ACRE stock ranch in Sonoma County;
cheapest stock ranch In California. For sale
by P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenta ¦_,.
OaMaa-. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bantalns; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO..
C4S Market st. . ?
FIVE acres of good land near Red Bluff, Te-
hema County, to trade or exchange for lots
near Oakland. Apply 547 Howard st.
BEA3- ESTATE WAJfTEP.
WANT to buy store with flat or double flats
must be a bargain. Box 43S0, Call office.
BOOMS FOB HOTTSE-CZEPXKCh
ELLIS, 225 — Two and three rooms for house-
keeping; neatly furnished. .
FOURTEENTH. 70C — Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms.
Golden Gate av*., 811 — Bunny, fur. room for
hkpg.; no children; private family; gas; $12.
HOWARD, 719 14 — Housekeeping rooms and
others; reasonable; respectable; no transient.
JE6SIE. 8S3 — Sunny room; furnished; light
housekeeping for one; $1 75 per week.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Po— ell — Three-
room sunny apartments; steam he_t;cen. loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reaa.
I-A.RKIN, S04 — Sunny back room: 1 or 2 per-
sons; housekeeping If desired; $7^ _^
LIBRART bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
M'ALLISTER. 782 — Sunny front room, com-
plete for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER 7_0 — Parlor floor; reasonably
furnished. $32 60; call mornings.
OAK, 117, 538 McAllister— Rooms, complete;
$5 to '12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
OCTAVLA. 1403, cor. Geary— Large dining-
room and kitchen; gas store; $15; others.
POST. 1100 — Front alcove suit for 2 gentle-
men, or light housekeeping; rent $14.
TAYLOR, 624, corner Sutter — 2 light, sunny
housekeeping rooms, $15; baywlndow, $12.
THREE sunny furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng. Apply 2022 Mission st. . -
VAN NESS are, 232 — Fur. housekeeping:, sin-
gle and 2-room mil tea; $6. <10. $16. $!«.
APA-tTMEHT HOUSES.
A— GRAND VIEW APTS , 3101 CALIFORNIA;
NICELY FURNISHED 4-ROOM BUITES;
PRIVATE BATHS. PHONE GEARY 4047.
A— THE FREDERCK. 001 Stanyan; 1 to 6 r.
s parts., fur., unfur.; private bath, steam
heat. Jan. ser. : terms reas. Tel. Paxe 6166.
A — VAN NUYS, cor. Bush and Jones sts.
New management; fre6h paint and tlntlngrt
thoroughly renovated; 2-3-4 room suites.
MACKEN, 81 CENTRAL AVE.. NR. HAIGHT;
8 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY APARTMENTS;
furnished, unfurnished: modern; reasonable.
A — OCTAVIA. 1423 — Most select apartment-
house In city; 3-4 rooms; elegantly furnished.
A— Whitefleld. 1_S McAllister; elegant sunny
unfurn. apartments; very desirable; adults.
A— ROSWELU 1360 Pine, nr. Hyde— Smartly
furnished (new) sunny 2-3-4 room apartments
A — CHESTERFIELD. 637 Bush — New modern
house; 3-4 room apta.; furn. or unfurn.; reaa.
BELGRAVIA APTS.. POLK. NR. CLAY— 2-3
r.; $15 up; gas stoves; baths; tel. Polk 1008.
. MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine and Taylor sts. ; phone Pr. Ex. 443.
£T. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-8
rooms; furn. or unfurp_i refs. Tel. Eact 1350.
HOCUS TO LET — run. aad Unfurn.
A— WCLF HOUSE, S. W. cor. Sixth and
Howard — Modern apartments, eingle rooms,
etc., from $_Sc to $1; rates by the week or
month.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to (5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth it)- Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
SI 50 to $10 week; house open all night. •
BEL2-OND House, over Owl drugstore, 2 en-
trances, 112Q Market and 21 Turk — Electrio
lights; running water in every room; -00
rooms; 25c to BOc per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
Cr.AGEURN (The). 1007 Larkin. cor. Pout.—
Sunny nicely furnished rooms; single, en
»ult«r. housekeeping ,_ apartments; running
water, bath;: ratea reasonable.
EDDY. 478 — Elezant sunny parlor; also sin-
gle; genti: preferred.
EDDY, 617 — Fine *ur. rooms for housekpg.;
reas. for perm, party; $7 up; tel. Hyde 346.
FOLSOM. 1252— Furnished room-.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front rooms, suitable for two. $10.
FURNISHED or unfurnished rooms, with or
without housekeeping; also rooms with board:
j full particular*: no charges". Room Renting
Advertisers, 117 Sutter Et. OFFICE IN
REAR OF STORE, UPSTAIRS.
GRAND Southern 7th and Ml**ion — Rooms 35c
to $125 eight; $150 to $C wk.; readlng-rm.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 521— Furnished rooms to
let; reasonable.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates: 25c to $1 day and SI 25 to $5 week.
JESSIE. .".«?. east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
room?, $5 ji) per month.
MARKET. 1049A.The Falmouth— Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water: elevator; $2 to $7.
MCALLISTER. C83 — Nice unfurnished; tn pleas-
; ant location, v.-lth reasonable rent.
t ¦ — —
; OLIVE ave., 124 — 2 unfurnished rooms; use of
kitchen.
PINE, 173T>— Newly furnished rooms; light and
sunny; all conveniences; reasonable.
POST, 1)S2 — Nice sunny rooms; $S to $15; gat;
bath; running water; central.
I THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New 'brlrk
j building, finely furnished; modern; central;
rales reasonable.
UNITED STATES. 12-4 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, H5c to $1 night. $1 73 to S6 week; elec-
tric llchts «no gas), running water in every'
rcom: elerntor. read. -room; free b'js; bsssase.
UTAH. 3CS — Large parlor, suitable for 2 gen-
tlt-men cr husband and wife; rent reasonable.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
j Most convenient and "respectable; 7.00 rooms*
S5c to *1 50 nlRht: $2 to $8 week? elevator;
eler. lichti;: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS." subscription* received at
Call Branch offiee.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
r.f advertleenif nts and subscriptions has been
npeued ct IOCS. Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.'.-
BOOKS AZ7X> SOA-tZ).
HAIGHT, near park— Furnished or unfur-
nished; three front rooms and bath; en suite
or separate: with use of kitchen or dinner
served: reasonable: references. 325 Kddy st.
FELL. r,2S — Newly furnlxbed front rooms; mod.
era convenience; toard if desired; private
• family.
i MASON. C15A, near Sutter — Sunny, furnished
; room, with or without board, ¦ In private
! family. .
EDDY. 1128. oi>p. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
. sunny rooms: table board; reas.: new manag.
j HOWARD. S41A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$U wk. ; American family.
NICELY furnished rooms; running water: qpod
board; reasonable; warm belt. 93ft Valencia.
ROOM and board for two working ' boys or
students. 1280 California et. • •
Ftevrnson Mar.tion, opp.' I Grace Church annex,
807 California — Sef rocma.learn prlces.try, table.
THE COMORA. C21O'Farrell— Large' grounds ;
elegant rooms; superior, table : billiard room.
BOOMS AHD BOAHJ) W-JfTED.
SUNNY room, with' board,. In -private family
for man and wife; 1 West.. Ad. Box 4386, Call.
ROOMS WAgTEP.
WANTED — 2 comfortable, ) sunny ; rooms, part-
ly y f urniEhed, : for light ; housekeeping; - rea-
sonable. Box 4B85. ; Call. ' .
-tOO?- -tE-TTI-TQ AQE-TCT.
WE ' rent your rooms: Z hundreds of roomers
calling daily; don't 'delay seeing us. .. ROOM
RENTING . ADVERTISERS.' 117 Sutter st. ;
phone Clay 896; ofc In rear ot store upstairs.
A-fP WAB-3H0USBa^^
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st, nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A — GILBERT & STOL-L Storage Co.; storage,
packing; shipping; warehouse, G.G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Stonuce Co., 8 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, prea.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., ot-
flce Post and Powell eta.; tel. PH. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN Weet Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. P. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore Bt.; phone Jackson 281.
I BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st. ; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND STTFF-I-S.
WE Invite the public to visit our new retail
office. 915 Market St., where we are exhibit-
ing the finest collection of White Sewing-
Machine Art Work and High Art White Sew-
ing Machines ever shown in San Francisco.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best"
Is cheapest ; second-hand all makes at any
price; all ktnds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic efflce, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds, 53. $5. $8; guaranteed; where the
dolls swing In the window. 1C51 Market st.
STOCKS AMD BONDS rOB SAJLE.
FOR SALE— Stock In Alaska Oil Co.. cheap.
Box 4372, Call office.
TTPSWEITEES AND SVFFLIES,
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, 525; other typewriters at
hlghet and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 63C California et.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inapec. Co.. 608 Market.
_j TIATI. ¦
A WAY to health — Mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free: write for It.
VI AVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness; phone East 282.
PROPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT or the Interior, Office of In-
• dlan Affairs, Washington. D. C, July 13,
1804. — Notice Is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of unleased segregated coal and
asphalt lands and unleased segregated coal
and asphalt deposits will be opened by the
Commissioner of Indtan Affairs at hie office.
. In Washington, at dates as fellows: For the
purchase of tracts within the McAlester Dis-
trict (No. 1), -at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern
time), Monday, October 3, 1904; for tracts
In the Wllburton-Stleler District (No. 2), at
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time), Monday, De-
cember 5, 1904; for tracts In the Howe-Po-
teau District (No. 3), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday, February 6. 1805;
for tracts in the McCurtain-Maesey District
(No. 4), at 2 o'clock p. ,m. (Eastern time),
Monday, April 3. 1805; for tracts in the Le-
hlgh-Ardmore District (No. 5), at 2 o'clock
p. tn. (Eastern time), Monday, June 6, 1905;
and for tracts In District No. 6 (unleased
segregated asphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time), Monday, August 7. 190.%.
Circulars descriptive of the lands and deposits
to be sold and copies of the regulations of
June 17. 1904. governing the sale of the un-
leaset' segregated coal and asphalt lands and
unleased segregated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to this
office or the United States Indian Agent,
Union Agency, Muskogee, Indian Territory.
Bids must be on the prescribed form, which
will be found In the regulations. A certified
check or draft for twenty per cent of the
amount of the bid must accompany the bid.
The lands will be sold for cash, and success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs the full
amount of their respective bids within fifteen
days after receipt by them ot notice of the
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
der falls to comply with the terms of his bid
within the time specllled the check deposited
by him as an evidence of good faith will be
forfeited to the use of the Choctaw and
Chlckasaw nations. The right to reject any
or all bids Is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
will contain a clause "subject, however, to
existing rights of way for railroads." A. C.
TOXXER, Acting Commissioner. Depart-
ment of the Interior. Washington, . D. C,
July 13. 1&O4. Approved. THOMAS "RYAN,
Acting Secretary.
NOTICE is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2 o'clock p. m., Monday,
September 12. 15)04, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of 'Arizona, at the
office of said board In the city of Phoenix.
Arizona, for the sale of tan bonds of the
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20, Inclusive, bearing date
of January 1. 1904, due and payable Jan-
uary 1, 1054, bearing Interest at the rate of
t per cent (5%) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years. Issued by the Territory
cf Arizona, In accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act has been approved by jhe Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the second issue ot the loan authorized
by said act. Interest on eaid bonds will
be paid seml-annuaHy on the first day of
January and July of each year, and both
principal and interest j livable In gold coin
of the U-nlted States at the office of the
Treasurer of said Territory. A certified
check pf a responsible bnnk for 5 per cent
of the amount bid. payable to the order of
E. E. Kirkland, Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of this advertisement must accom-
pany each bid. Failure of bidder to. make
payment in full upon allotment and tender
of bonds will be considered a cancellation
of the bid and the forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. BIJm
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenir. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase nf Insane Asylum
Bonds." GEORGE E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
Aug. 8, 1904. — Sealed proposals for furnlsh-
£ Ing and delivering of such quantities of sub-
sistence "-supplies, delivered at such , wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco, Cal., as per circular to be seen at
this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock Friday, Aug. 19. 1904. and opened
Immediately thereafter In presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general Instructions to
bidders and Wank forms of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers, on appli-
cation to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. MaJ. .Com'y.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Kens and Market,
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
MHboyrne In U. S. : private: < established 3
years In S. F. Tel. Mint 2628 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were IubufO
yesterday:
. I>«lKh C. Lawrence, 26, 1172 Florida street,
and Minnie Conrad t, 20, 2148 Geary street.
lUchard C. Kiticl. 27; Casselton, N/ Dak.,
and Florence E. Goodrich, 24, Minneapolis.
: Walter G. Campbell,' 26, 328 Missouri «treet,
and Margaret M. Hoyd, 24, 1120 Noe street.
William D. J. Murphy, 21, 739 Clementina St.,
and Kilna R.'>I. Gates, 17. 45 Woodward ave.
Harry BrumberB 2i>. 12ft Moss street, and
Fanny ScHtvartz. 22, 412B Fifth street.
Reuben I. Pierce. 53, W r oodland, and Inea A.
Connell, 42. Woodland.
Delos IT: Ross, 21, San Jose, and Ella Forgee,
20, San Jose.
Oscar C. Ordway, 28, 549 Stevenson street,
j and Mamie Paulsen, 23, 7 Juniper street.
John C. Sundberg, 09, Santa' Cruz, an.1 Her-
mance I. Bundesen. 30, 11C7 Van Ness ave.
, Emilio Parodi, . 31; -415 Union etreet, and
Adele IMvara, 25.A1C22 Stockton etreet.
¦Arthur L. Galvln, 21 340:> Cddy street, and
Agnes Keegan, 18,- 1556 Fell street.
Francis Mahoney, 21, city, ' and • Eleanor D.
Attrldge, 18. city.
Joseph Baptist, 26. 17!)S Ellis street, and Ada
Peacock. 22, • 2C5 Tenth avenue.
Robert A. Livermorc, 25, «06 Shotwell street,
and Jenevleve W. Cottrell, 22, COG Shotwell st.
EiRTHS— M^^AGES-rDEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices* sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication of flees . and be
1 Indorsed with the name and residence- of per--
sons authorized to have the ¦ tsame • published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charee.
' Bonx. !
BOGE — In this city, August 8, . 1904, to . the
' wife of J. A. Boge, a.daughter._
CROWLY— In this city, August' 4. 1904, to
~ the - wife' cf J. J. .Crowly.a daughter. -:---
GARFINKLE— In this city. August 10, 1904,
to the wife of Louis Garfinkle, a . daughter.
KLEIN— In this city, August 15, 1904, : to the
• wifo of Louis F.- Klein Jr., a son.
married; .
SHERMAN— LOWENSTEIN— In this city. Au-'
gust ; ; 14, 1904, by the Rev. Hyman , Samuel-
; ' 6on, Isadore Sherman to Lena Lowensteln '
both of. this city.- '•
, . _______
I • Abraham. Edward F. Hyman. - Carrie
Burney Michael Kaney, Thomas : S.
Classen, : George Maasa, : Christopher :
Cooney; Bridget Mascarello, Vincent ;
Crowley, William M. Mansteln, George ¦
Dexter, Mary McGulre, .William
Elwert.' Henry ' Mullen,- Mrs. Kath. )
• .''- Fltsmaurice.' B. v Russen. William •-*¦
I: Hart, Marion .- Wilson,' Sarah :
ABRAHAM— In this city, August 17, 1004, Ed-
ward Fredertck Abraham, dearly beloved hus-
band of Emma Abraham, and beloved father
of j Alfred, Carl and Henry Abraham, a na-
' tlve of- Alblng, Prussia, Germany, aged 4S
years 6 months and - 26 days.
BURNS— In the - City and County Hospital,
August 17, 1804, Michael Burns, a native of
Ireland, aged 70 years. ~HJ_H5S9l-$3^
CLASSEN— In this city, August .U". l»04.
George Classen, husband of I/uise Classen,
a native of Germany, age* 49 years.
COONEY— In this city August 16, 1904.
Bridget, * beloved ' wife of Owen Cooney. and
mother of Mary, Michael, Annie. Peter and
Eugene Cooney, a native of County Sllgo,
1 Ireland, aged 43 years 9 months and 26 daye.
.A member of Boadlcea Druldlo Circle No. a,
U. A. O. D.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a m., from her late
residence. C3 Minna street, thence lo St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for' the repoee of her
-oul, at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CROWLEY— In this city, August 17, 1904,
William M. Crowley a native of Connecticut,
aged 57 years. "
DEXTER— Entered into rest in Alameda, Cal.,
: August 10, 1004 Mary Dexter, beloved mother
of Mrs. Frank Weeden of Alameda, George
Dexter of Encland and Gertrude Slnsabaugh
of New Jersey, a native of England, aged
62 years.
ETTriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 p m., from the late resi-
dence, .1217 Paxu street, Alameda. Interment
private. Mountain View Cemetery. .
ELWERT— In Alvarado, Alameda County, Au-
gust 17, 1004, Henry, beloved husband of
Barbara Elwert, and loving father ot Henry
. Jr., Louis and Baldwin Elwert. a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 73 years 10 months
and 14 days.
FITZMAURICE— In Vallejo, Cal., August 13,
19Oi, Edward Fitzmaurice, beloved father
of Mrs. J..R. Hanity, and brother of Garrett
and Martin C. Fitzmaurice, aged 75 years
3 months and 3 days.
HART— In this city, August 17, 1904, Marion,
dearly beloved daughter of John and Annie
Hart, granddaughter of Mrs. H. Becker, and
fleter of Stephen C and John A. Hart, Mrs.
Hattie Dexter, Mrs A. Arnold and Ruth
Hart, a native of Alameda, Cal., asred 16
years 5 months and 23 days.
HYMAN — In the City and County Hospital,
August 17, 1904, Carrie Hyman, a native of
Louisiana, aeed 33 years.
KANEY— In this city. August 16,-1904. Thomas
S. Kaney, beloved husband of Annie Kaney
(nee Donahue), and son of Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Dougherty of Dunsmulr. Cal., a natlv'e
of England", aged 27 years and 6 months.
lETKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ;the furieral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:W a. m., from the parlors of
the United Undertaker*. S6<J Mission street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Crose Cemetery.
MAASS — In this city, August 16, 1904, Chris-
topher Maass, cousin ot Henry Maaes and
Mrs, H. Wessllng. a native ot Oldenburg.
- Germany, aged 67 years 3 months and 24
days.
(TJ7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 p. m., from the funeral
parlors of the H. F. Maase Company, 917
Mission street. Interment Mount Olive Cem-
etery.
MANSTEIN— In this city. August 1A 1904,
George Mansteln, a native of Germany, aged
63 years 7 months and 27 days.,
MASCARELLO— In this city, August 16, 1904.
Vincent Mascaiello, dearly beloved husband
of Rose, and lather of Vincent, Katie, An-
gelo and Raphael Mascarello, a native of
Italy, aged 5<i years and 8 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 r. m.. from his late
residence. 31S Vallejo street. Interment Ital-
ian Cemetery.
McGUIRE — In the City and County Hospital,
AUKUrt 17, 10C4, William McGulre. a native
of Ireland, aged 65 years. *
MULLEN— In this city. Auguot 17, 1904, Mrs.
Katharine Mullen, relict of the late James
Mullen, beloved mother of M. Florence Mul-
len and PiRter of the late Tatrlck, Edward,
James and John Flanagan, a native of Bel-
fast. Ireland.
tCXFrlends are Invited to attend the funeral
Friday. August 19. at 8 a. m., from the
residence of Mrs. T. R. Shprtdan, 30H Lau-
rel street, thence to St. Mary'a Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated at 9 a. m. for the repose of her soul.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUSSEN— In the City and County Hospital,
August 16, UKM, William Russen, a native
of Ireland, ased 69 years.
WILSON — In this city, August 17. 1004. Sarah
beloved wife of the late John Wilson of
San Mateo. and sister of Mrs. Ruth Gribben,
a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 77 years.
CARD OF THANKS.
Dr. A. S. Tuchler hereby desires to thank
his many friends. and those of his deceased
' wife for their many kind acts of friendship
and condolence In his late bereavement.
James McGinn, . Henry Hansen,
jamiss McGinn & co..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and F.mbalmera— —
214 Eddy at.; Tel. South 576.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. TeL Mission 3L
MONAHAN. O'HARA&UO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
23JU-2341 Mission si., near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.OMAHA. Neb-, , ".'An*-:. 17. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts. 3^00: market »tow, 5.1? 10c lower; native
steers. $3 75S3 73: cows and heifers. $2 45©
2 75: - Western steers. $3®4 50; Texas steers.
$2 75tff3 50; range cows aad heifers. $23?3 30:
c&nner? $1 2WS2; stockers and feeders. $2 SO
Q4; cthrn. $395; bails, and «tay>«, $293 5Q.
HOGS — Receipts. 62C«>; market 5c lower."
Heavy, il S*gt 95; mlxetJ, ?4 S0?4 93; ifxst.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 17.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts WTO- slow aad steady; native steers.
$:: 75*33 S5; native cows and heifers. $1 50>3
4 S3: rtcckers and feeders. $2 50Q4 23; bulls.
$2$3 50; calves $2^4 50: Western steers,
$3 75£5 50; Western cows, $1 75«g3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. S00O: market 5c- lower:
berk of sales. $4 65U5 15; heavy. $4 85^5 03;
packers. $4 9J<g5 15; pi*» aad lights, $ig5 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2C0O: market, steady;
muttons $3 2J04 23; Iambs. $4-93 90; range
w-thers. $3 50>34 25: ewes. $2 60Q3 50.
Omaha.
Kansas City.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts.
17.0)0: slow; good to prime steers, $3.@«; poor
U> medium, $184 90; stockers and feeders.
$2 25©4 10: cows, $1 23®4: heifers, $*g4 75:
canaers. $1 •CJ-&2 40; bulls. $2@4: calves, $2 60
69.
HOGS— Receipts. 23.000: slow to 10c lower;
mixed and butchers, $5 15-35 *•; roo-i to choice
heavy $5 irvg5 33; rough heavy. $4 S*>fS 15;
tight. * $5 20<8& 50; bulk of sales, $3 15<g5 35.
SHEEP— Receipts. 15,000: steady; good to
choice wethers. $3 60©4; fair to choice mixed.
$2 75@3 «*>: West-rn sheep. $2 7&O4: native
lambs. $4®«; Western lambe. $3 7&@3 73.
Chicago.
I CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS. {
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady:
creameries. 13©17 *»c; dairies, 12315c; eggs,
easier, 13®16V-c; cheese, steady, 7*4gS4c
'i Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
ArticlMi — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels I 34, ICO 13.20O
Wheat, bushels 397.<*v> 33,000
Corn, bushels .' 210. 10«> 243.000
Oats, bushels 522.000 219.900
Rye. fcushels 10.000
Baxiay, bushels 16,500 3.40O
CHICAGO. Aug. 17. — Ca?h ouctatlans were
aa fnllo-ws: Flcur. steady; No. 2 spring wheat.
$1 10; No. 3, ?1§1 OS; No. 2 red. $1 07i,tJ
1 OS*;: No 2 corn. 5514c: No. 2 yellow. 5*5\c:
No. 2 o«ts. 32US324c; No. 2 white, 3>%33«i4c:
No. 3 wh!te. 34'-i£37c; No. 2 rye. 74c; gocd
feeding barley. 3ftfi3- s c; fair to choice malting.
42#4<te: No. 1 Caxseed. $1 IS4: No. 1 North
western. $1 *4: prime timothy seed. $2 0O:
mess pork, per bb!. $11 574611 624: lard.
per !0O lfc«. $5 SO-gS S24; short ribs sides
(loc«e>. $7 2^7 CTU; short clear sides (boxed).
??<JS 25; whisky, basis of hiKh wln-s. $1 23:
clover.* contract grade. $11 50<gll 75.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Silver and Mexican dollars continue to de
cline. Otherwise there ts no change.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 M
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S3
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 &•>
New York Exchange, sight — 074
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 57»»
Mexican Dollars 43 e 43^,
IN TERN ATIOX AL.
New York on Mexico 217
Berlin on London 2O.4«5Vi
Paris ca London 25.23
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were firm.
ar.d Paris and Liverpccl futures were both
higher.
This market received the Chicago quota
tions, as usual, bu* was without th<» r*rular
accompanying news, as the wires were down.
Tfce Chicago mar»et made another sensational
advance of 4Sc, as will be seen. The balls
are working the rust reports for all there Is
in them, and the bears are on the run.
Ia thfs market futures went up with Chi
cago, rising 3c on the morning sesaion. with
large and excited trading, aaiouatic? to
1O.C<10 tens. Several bull interests were eager
buyers. The cash grala was firm, but no
higher. 1 -V .:
CASH WHEAT.
California Oub. $1 4O©1 45: Callferr-la
White Australian. $1 55<@1 Z-7 U; Northern
Club $1 4^1 45; Northern Bluestem. $1 524
©1 574 p«r" ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. Hieh. Low. C!cse.
December ..$1 434 $1 51^ $1 454 $1 514
2 p. m. Session.
Open. H'»h Low. CWe.
December ..$1 51*i $1 51*4 $1 51 $1 51
BARLET — The market fated ftra. with cash
grain slightly h'.zher. Futures were also
strong, but were dull, as all the activity cen
tered in wheat.
CASH BARLET.
Feed. $1 07«.§l 10; new Br-wing ani
Shipping. *l 12-aeI 174; Chevalier. *1 lT- 5t »
1 3O per cti.
FUTURE?.
Session 3 to 11:30 a. ra.
Open. Hl*h. Low. Cle^e.
December ..$1 C9\ $1 C9 T >, $1 00*4 $1 C3=-»
2 p. in. S.ssicn.
Open. Hieh. Low. Oese.
December ..$1 0**i $1 09*» $1 C9i; $1 C»^
OATS — There is nothing new in the market,
the deinand beiiu: fair and of a local feexi
and milling character. Receipts are sufficient
wlthrat being larse. and the feeling Is firm.
¦White.- $1 40<61 45; Surprise. $1 45^1 50;
Red. $1 27461 35 for feed and $1 3531 374
for seed: Black. $1 25#1 35 for feed ant $1 40
gl 45 for seed.
CORN — Quotations stand the same and the
market Is Quiet.
Western sacked $1 474^91 50 tat Yellow and
White and $1 43-61 47U fcr Mixed: California
lanre Yellow. $1 tC'Sl 574; small round dD.
$1 55<S1 C24: White nominal: Egyptian. $1 30
61 35 for White and $1 25^1 3i> for Brown.
RYE— $1 25-gl 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75-32 per ctl.
Flour and Millstufrs.
The local millers advanced Flour 20c all
arocr.d yesterday in sympathy with the ad
vance in Wheat. Receivers of northern Flour
were considering a similar advance in their
goodj. but took no definite action.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 ?O3
5 10. usual terms; Bakers* Extras. $4 7Cg5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $5 S3®4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
! follows: Graham Flour, $3 5O per ICO lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 23: Rice Flocr.
$7 - Corn Meal $3 50: extra cream <l\ $4 25;
Oat Greats $4 50: Hominy, $4gi 25; Back
wheat Flour $4 U>»t 75: Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina $4 30; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rcilfi Oats. bbls. $7 25@S <iO- in sacks. $6 759
S 10: Pearl Barley, $S; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 1G0 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The demoralisation In Hay continues, and
the quotations are very weak. It will take
some time to get rid of the great accumulation
In the railroad yards. Roiled Barley is ad
vancing with the raw prain. but otherwise
there is no change ia Feedstuff*.
The circular cf Somers it Co. say 3 cf Hay:
'"For the week ending to-day 5*(X> tens of
Hay have been shipped to the San Francisco
market, which as far as we know is the
heaviest amount on record for one week.
Lack of track room alone has prevented f,ur
' ther shipments, and It is reported that at
present there are ever ICO cars cf hay on the
Oakland tracks awaiting shlprasnt here. It
can be readily understood that with • rurh
heavy arrivals, the market has be«n -utry
weak and prices are therefore materially
lower. As we have reported before, the de
mand seems somewhat limited this season, for.
although there Is some Hay moving coastwis*
right along, yet city consumption seems to
have materially decreased. Should there be
a revival of trade with the large wholesale
houses here a bit later, we may see an in
creased demand for Hay. but from the pres
ent outlook, with only, about one-half X grain
crop ior the entire State, business prospects
are not especially promising. ; '.
"The railroad company will probably be
taxed to the utmost during the next month to
supply cars for Hay. Shipment* began liter
than usual, and there Is still a very large
amount oat of doors for which there Is no
warehouse rooia. We fear, therefore, that we
may have a very much depressed market here
later ia the month, cr after the 1st of Sep
tember.
"Choice Wheat Hay seems ta held Its own
fairly well, but the medium, and poorer gradoa
are lower."
BRAN— $21322 per tea.
MIDDLINGS— $24#23 per ton.
SHORTS — $21€22 per tea.
FEEDSTCFFS — Rolled Barley. $23£23 S3
per ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 5O8-32 Z0;
jobbing. $33: Coccannt Cake. $22823: Cora
Meal. $30 5GS31 50: Cracked Corn. $31632;
Mixed Feed. $22p22 50: Horse Beans, J-XS40
per ton: Broom Corn Feed. SOe per ctL
HAY— Wheat $Sgll. with $12©12 50 for ex
tra fine; Wheat aad Oat. $*@11: Oat. $7 SOf*
$10 50: Barley aci Oat. $7g9; Volunteer Wild
i Oat. $7S9- stable. $7J?S 50: stock. $'5^7;
Clover. $7 5OS9 50; Alfalfa. $7gl0 10 per ten.
STRAW — 33@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The caly new feature In B»ans Is a stronger
tone in Large Whites. | which are wanted for
New Yock. and prices are a shade firmer. The
crop oT Blackeye Beans In the southern part
of the State is eald by the Weather Bureau
to be short, but dealers say that this Is largely
offset by a considerable carry-over down
there.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40>S2 55: Pea. $3; Bat
ters $3- small White. $2 95<g.1 06; large White
$2 50«2* CO: Pink. $3 4*83 50; Red. $4 23;
Lima. 13 «S5«3 75; Red Kidneys. $4 25: Black
•eyes S2 4O62 45 per ctl: Horse Beans. $1 75«2.
SHEDS — Brown M-jstard. nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 23: Flax. $1 90<82 25; Canary. 6»4
67c- AKalfa. 15#15*;c: Rajx. 14«24c: Tiato
thy*5*ic; Hemp. 3K834C per !b; Millet 2H
C34e- Broom Corn Seed. $20^21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2©2 25; new Greea
Peas. $2«2 25' per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trad« In Potatoes. was more active, as local
dealers were purchasing freely and a fair In
cuiry was coted for cheap- river Borbanks. la
"sacks for shipment to the Southwest. Prices
showed no Improvement. - however, as. . fresh
" receipts wer« heavy ; and- carried -over stock
wa* stilt absadarit. Sweet Potatoes were ia
Continued Activity end Advance
ment in Sugar Stocks.
Th* rise In th* rur*r stacks cestitned yes
terday morning. itakaw-U tr'iching $27 23.
i Hawaiian Commercial $55 124. Paauhau
f $15 124. K-mckaa $1* 75 and Huschinscn
t $10 50. The feetiar waa less Crra la th»
! afterreon. though prices were fairly main
i taised. Sales were cf r»i sise. Ther* was
nothing new in the ether shares.
The oil stocks were- very dull and there wxs
! ncthin? new is the mining- shares.
The Yellow Jacket Mming C.-s=parry ha*
levied a- assessment of 10 cents per share
The Northern California Fow»r Compecy will
pay a regular monthly dividend of 5 .:•-.:» per
j share en Auxust 25.
The Pacific Coast Borax Ccmpaay will pay a
t regular monthly dividerid cf $1 per shara on
i August 23.
Tee annual report cf the Saa Frandso and
i N;rth Paci2c Ra!:r-?a.3 Company. leased t» th«
i California Northwesters Railway Cbtspasy.
¦ shows increaieii earnings for the year e-fie-i
j June 3i> cf $£*.3SS aad decreases of V',".-':
j ta net eamiass aad $3^.a» ta a'z??l'ja.
STOCK AND BOND EXCH.IXGE.
WlJUNEaDAT. Aug. 17—2 P-'o.
LNITt^> STATE3 BONDS.
Bid. A«k-! Bid Ask.
J 4s or eca7>..K*> : «ilC74 4s <rr cp =-w.12I41324
i 4a <ir reg 1C«1*»1O74 3s it cocp.-.lOS^lOS**
MISCI^LANEOUS BONDS.
I Ala A W Is. — — J OaX T C» fs. — 113>4
! Asao Oi! 5s. 70 -724: Do 5s 110*« —
I Pay CPC 5s. — 103 [ Do cots i 5s. — lf*3
' Cal C G 5S.10141M j Oceanic Sit- 724
; Cal G & E g j Ora Cable €» 121 —
m & ct 5s. — S3 J Pac G Isa 4a. KT4 934
¦ Cal-st C 53.1124 — j P E Ry 5s. -I'M** —
C C Wat 5». — 1"! ! P- * C H *sj.l«J —
EdL * P «•- — 1274 P * O R *».11» . —
F * C H ««.1124 — i PcweH-st «3. — 11*
Geary-st 5s.. — ?3 I 5a-r EG4R59. W<ir^
H C4S54S-100 — !SF * SJV3s.ll7»4 —
Do 5, 90*4 — Sierra R «*..109 113
Hon R T "s IO"SH1C7 S P of A «»
: L A K>c 5a- — — <!>:«> — 107^;
I LARj5s..113%11« t tlSIfrt — l(»\
( L A L Co «• — — !SP<-fC«»
Do gt.J *a. — — i (IV^St A.MC4 —
Do gt,1 5a. — in34! (19«;>5r R104^ —
| LAP lcmSs.l014K2V <I5*>^> 1°* —
f Mkt-st C «s-114 — ' «19121 1I4 117
Do 1cm 5a.m — i EPC 1 ct 5s.ll3^ —
ilV* MtSs.lCC — { Do stamp-i.inas —
NRR of Cto.lOSH — | S P B P. Ss.lSt —
Do 5s 117«i — IS V Wat Ss.W7 1C74
NCRy5s..lC5 If* ! Do 4s 2d=a- — K0-*
N C P C 5s- — 100 • TVv 4s 3dm. 99 — -
N S R R 5-5.101 — Do g nvrts 9* —
r» G LAHSa. — — ?tkn GAEt'ia. XI —
O W gtd 5s. — ICO V •', A K Ss.105 —
WATER STOCKS.
i Centra Costa — 3S f Port Costa... — —
i Maria Co. . . — CO 1ST Wat Co. 35^ 374
GAS AND ELECTRIC-
Ceat Z. * P. 3H 4 ( S F G A E. *> —
I Mutual EL.— Ml Stka G * E *4 *-%
! Pac L Ca... 37?4 i*»4S C G * E Ox — —
INSURANCE.
1 Flreta's F»L — 340 i
BANK ST0CK3.
I Aa NU BX..1274 — L P * A. ... — ..153
-. Asria-Cal .. 54 « Mer Trust... 213-* —
i Cal Hafe Dp, — 150 Merch Ex... 524 57
{ Frst Natlatil — — 3 F Natioal- — —
SAVINGS BANS3-
Ger S * L.22SO 233«> | Sar £ L Si. — ICO
¦ Hora S * I*. — — i Se« S* T BXS?0 4^
: Mutual SavJOO 105 Uclaa T Co. . — — -
I 3 F Sar V. — «23 !
STREET RAILROADS.
j Callfcrela ..135 — | Presidio .... — 41
POWDE21.
" Glaat — 61 ! Vlgwtt — t
Ha=a P Co.- — — ! KiUasa S C. — '4
Hawsilaa C 5«^ — Makawe'.l C. 2714 —
Ho-ckaa S C 1*S « ( Oncme* S C 29 3034
Hutch S P C 104 1''', ?:iu:j-: 5 C. li —
M2SCELI-VNEOUS.
Alaska P A-12* 123 [Oceanic S Co. — 4H
Cal F C A. — 1C» | Pac Am FA. 44 —
Cal Wine A- 81 S3 j Pae C Eorx. — 13T=i
MV& MtTra.100 — { Pas S T T aiCO 10S
SALES. ,
Morslsff Seaaica.
Board— „..
10 Hawaiian Co=s * Sugar 5* 12 -a
12O Hawaiian Coin & Cogar 5< <*>
•75 Hcsokaa S Co 1* J3
70 Kutcninsoa S P Co 1» OO
1?5 Hotchissoa S P Co *» SO
13OMak&weU £; £?
SO MakaweU -• p*
ISO Paauhaa S P Go IS 'O
70 Paashaa S P Co - 1* 124
1«5 S F Gas A Electric. ¦ 9O eW CO
30 S F Gas * Eectrie *> CO
S^'eet-"* "
50 Hawaiian Com * Szsts^ ... . M »
Z 110. COO S P Cal 1st con 5». staar?«l...l(» 50
; Aftersoca Sesaiaa. ¦ • .
i Board —
23 Alaska Packer*" Assa.. 124 en
STOCK 3URKET.
W ' BUSINESS OUTLOOK.
xkSocd Crops Almost Assured end
Y ricr.iy qt Money on Hand.
j Tb« N»w Terk circular n* Kenry Clews says:
II*T*;« »fce:« cocrtry it ectt arjeiwis fcr a
ar:*J2 harvest ca wtich to baee a eruad buii
«»"-•« reTo^ery. an! saA a ccatisgerury §*«ms i
Ilsoc BJttttbi grasp, hence much oi the hope- |
1 ?u.ie*» .which now pre-i-alls; and if tie next I
|1 Tout weeJw pass without disaster all reatcn- :
;| sit-i« hopes are lilceiy to b» reai:re-i.
r*TS& »*.eeic r^arket cc=t:r;ue« to show a good :
I und'rtit*. . ci:efiy because of llUJjuwwd bu*i-
I r.*s* c«a<i:r!c^s aid the satisfactory crcp cut-
I Ixk. It. add:t;.a the wtre^gth cf tee trac-
I fcca sic-cks :nf£sed fresh interest la th« mar- .
I fcet. ari even scc^ cf ihe icng r-egiecre-i b»- i
I d-stria!* showed a c:s;^>sc.ti<?ti io respesa to
I tetter &usiz:e»s ." prorpects. The iron tra ie
I irsr^cves and it «eesi» certain tiiat
the las: quarter cf the year is roir^ to b* the j
t eat '-r th-ji branch cf isiurtrr. Railrcad .
r:»r,s,gers .'.ock fjr neary '.raiic dunEg the ;
ta:: *z.i w.rr.fT. a=4 aa lahcr ajitauon sut- j
r-:ies th# tuz:~«9S improvement scents likely ;
!a exteni. Our roiltical situat:cti pr*s«r;ts
DO -:sturcing )y<-.;f«. so that aj?presensicr:s ;
cr tnis ecrre are ne»!!ew. The rr.cr.stary sit- j
•—»•.: rr also continues favorable, inaemtidh as '
tJ» crc? demar.-ia. whics will begva shortly, j
*r* cot likely to interfere with easy rate* |
f><- ncr.ey. Fc=i* are relatively plentiful la i
Hi part* cf th* f» tmtr y. and the New Tcrk J
tar.ks are carrylrg a reserve cT about $.*<<.- j
?i <•"*'*,¦ which is crjch the heavieiit surplus ',
cf tfc» last tec. years. Gold exports have \
r.;-.-^-.enced and sg«m l!k»ly _ti coritinue. e«r i
'¦*c-ally ia fiew of a ehcrt suppiy of grain i
tiUs tsis year; bet future ecttoo bills eaosid ',
torn t* r 1 "!'^ 1 ' Moreover, the Iossi cf a ;
:^w rr.::itcta w^Id be eiigfjy felt fc*re ani ,
•Tccld 6« bereSciai la Lcmoe, so that re j
i saccrn .i*~ c?ce*Fary on this acctwnt. la
: i~. ar.y imrr-:vemer^ 1= Leaden would cuick- !
[y r*Secte*d h*r». ani if gcid coinnsand* bet- j
US rj^»s ln I>?edor. than here It it fcr the
rcrcar. good ta aH'S^r its departure. Th»
< r-.»rti! suruatiirB ha* hal littie effect open
t-» ir^srial i=ark*ts- Siaee the outlook is
Z~t a ftrrrger aai mere aeti^-e tcarket. g-cl
rjeks art i:ke'.y to r* a purchase ca eharp
sr-1 ts the abe*nce cf urfavcratle
-•-. Qidcksih-er Trade.
. '
Th* •xper*.* ef <ulcksflv*r frwia ?ar. Fraa- f
I dKo fcr •«* la »B?7. IS"" 1 *. »¦•"• •« foiS-wf :
• FUsks. VaJue. ;
Vx:->1 125 $5,2^5|
Crnvm A=»r-.r» ...... 5$ S.440 I
C&tsA* !.!*?> KjOOOl
~r -r»a* * ............ S-t 5*50 j
r*w Trrk i'S «.€«¦• J
cac«a»*.t 50 2.1001
. I«wvrl 5 ZZZ\
¦ Tr : als 1.427 $54.S27
Z- '*--lr. 190S. ti:<- experts wer« 4-"O Casks.
¦ **lu»^ ar $17 f-?0. The receipts at this p«rt
:*st < =o;--i wt-e 1717 Sacks, against 15S4 la
c [ Weather Report.
s&Jy* * — — — —
crVh iSeri'lan— Pacts- Tiw.)
EA3E FP-ANCISCO. Aug. 17 — 5 p. ta.
Tt». fcflc*-.r-g niaxinisaa ar.d minimum t=:»- i
jeratare* are T-_pcr~.ti:
Bottcc ..e^-rt N«w Oriearj 92-73 '
Oscincatl ««-<>: Ptr.iieipr-la. «4-«S
Jack*«r*.!> ««-74 Wiftir^tcn 7VG4
Et. Locis *4--i< New Tork ..60-CS
!|AX FRANCISOO 60-52
TKH -CC'AST RECOP.I).
• V.; i flif if f: I
sTTATTCNS. ? 113= li f^ Z
<¦ .".'". ? - 1- •»***»-'* -i J
• • * c C ¦.¦; • ' v " 1 • B
fiScer**. 23.50 ** £2 NW Cloaiy !f«
j. 23. £« *>"* 52 NTV Clea? .C-i
•lireka UO.TS ZA Vt W Cicudy .0<>
:- -»sn<5 .......23.76 l<~ 70 W Clear .O»
c E. Fa»aUc=-2».52 K S ff Cloudy .O0 |
riagstaa 29. w? 72 52 PW R*ia
Pocate > .lo*._..23.*2 t-5 C4 W Pt.CIiy .Ort
:rj;»veiiene« 20. 4 2 DO OR N CTear .(»)
:x.# Arches- ..29.^ «2 G £"T Cl*ar r :V>\
Mt .Tamalpaa 25. *3 *7 €S NW Oear ".CO
N'Ottfe Jiead .^&.f»5 5-5 £*> JTW Oear * Mi
T-h^tiix 2i*.7< &4 68 NE Ck>udy .55]
r-.f>ye« L-h»23.«9 M Cl W Feggy .00
Fortlar.d C3.&0 « «> W Ctocdy .00
Ee4 E'.uS 39.7CIM 74 S Pt.Cl'y .On
rewtet 29.*^ SO 52 N <^*.«ar ?.W>
>*cra7-*r,t'5 ..25.7<5 S3 f« S? Oar" .00
«t:t Leke 28.92 « «4 E CB<r T. I
fa="!TTaneis=5-2».S2 «O 52 W dcu.iy .fjO i
ran L Ot!iyc2?.«2 71 t* NW c:»ar "".00
. f aa rMeg<» !"3.92 Tt re, FTT Cloudy .ro
ffeattie.' 2?.»« §4 Z2 iSVF Clear ' .00
Fpokane' 2&.=4 S2 M F"X Oear .80
r^tnees ..2».9S C2 4S ?TiT r-*j. r ,XO
Walla-.23.V> « fi ?E Pt-O^y <<n
JT>. \-semuej* ..23.90 W5 W W Oear .«2
r .T:c* ... r ...29.7« 1U> f0 W Clear -.00
TE.tr»TR CONDITION? AND GE.NTEAI,
FORECAST.
Rai= ,co=ti«ae« to fail In Arts^sa tr .i New
T-«»r^ Vfcrurderscorms are reported frcm
ri Pa*, to Flagstarr.
V.arro»r weather prevails ia Nevada, arul
c-wJef .feather in Arixoiau Ia Calif cmia. there
has fc«en but little change, warm, seasonable
«-eatber # xs-rvailmg la the valleys' and cool
weather wxh sicre or let» £cg aiorg the es
*lre -«-'-.
Frrecaaf t=aie at Eaa Franclseo fer thirty
hecra. eadinr =Id=lgtt. Aagpst IS:
Norttera Califoreia— Fair Tsursiajr: light
«t>ctl>ert':. wtr.dy
Soettxem CalUcn^a — Ocufiy Thursday: pos*i
f.j thusderstorcrs- ia the caoenta^i*; llgtt
Nera-ia^-Oocdy Thursday; tfcarierrtorms
Ir. the mccr-talrji.
San Fraixisco and vlcirity — a<?u-2y Thurs
day C I-gnt southerly wind*, ctaaglrg to brl»k
westerly, with ic*.
Tot Lor Angeles a=4 vicinity — CUiudy
Thursday meming. trcaJrtr^ away durlrg the
Car: fresft weateriy winds.
A. O. McADIZ, IZUtrlct Fcrecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
Trr ti« twtssty-fcur hours ending 5 p. ra..
I2yih meridian tare. San frazcisca. AUffur: 17:
<r ~ S S -3 3 =
* • - lilf Z\ I 5 |
ETATICNS. I|II il f* r
e*. c c T -¦ * ;
• • • ' I
Cl-rreytale , » « .... Oear "w
*^creka .--- SB CO TT Clotidy .00
-^^sao 10 * T * ""¦ Clear .0O
HV-'crd lta rl Clear .00
IlaJlW .- H 51 ' Fo * -?°
:-drr*a'i« !C * ** ** Gear J*)
"i-Va'y «° 5* J* Clear .00
Uv*e-Srt » u ¦¦•• Cte" -W
LoL AMrt» C O 6W Oar .00
XffLiT*^ 102 CS .... Gear .00
"*~*~ ' TS C4 S Pt.CSir -C-)
>^ »wcasrd« 10 ° T « w Clear .O0
Iw-aa I** ** c> * r -°*
i!i5!!!rt»- :cs «i .... ciear .00
J<* •< s - w
cl^^r-ti »S M S Clear .ft>
E«^a*sS^.- - "* « «W Ctoddy. .00
trj jvirr.!?. «i «7 .. . oar. .«
Easts Maria 75 57 .... Clear .00
Fanta Rosa 77 51 .... Clear .00
Etoclttcn M CO Clear .00
Willow* 1C2 70 Cear -t0
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
•"ctu^a — A:i crocs in g»i ccnd;ticn.
WCTaia — A.I! crcps tn jocd eccdittcc.
Cloverciale — il^Ion crcs at«ut the a-verag*.
Riverside — Alfalfa nsaking good crop.
s-t-^ictc-n — Peach sf ij»— *¦ falltng eff cca
rMeraily; small ccrjigr.ments PhiUip*' eliags
in-irtrg.
Llv-rmore — Weather very favorable fer
grn.tr;*.
Han ford— Figs pleeCtBl; wheat crop
r<x><i: graj-e crcp excellent.
Holl^ter — Grappa gruming nicely, with prc*^
pects tor gooil yield.
Palermo — Whit? Adriatis figs beiag gathered
tr^I cvred.
tar-ta. Vyr.a— Grain thrashing cearisg cca
p>ticn: better tiaa any other crcr-
Newman — Third crca alfalfa completed.
Naj-a — Cera and potatoes dcirur finely.
San Jose — Pears ccming in fair in place*;
crcp light. r . : J,
£anta .". -i — Crcp ccciitiocs unchang'd.
EASTERN 3IARKETS.
.Wa 1 York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— Money ca call easy.
r »«il p«?r cent: closing b:i. T«: offered. 1;
time loans iteaiy; sixty days and ninety day*.
:©-4; six months, ¦i'-z. PriB-.e mercantile
pai«r. 4§^4 per cent. Stsrilng «Jtcfcange
fteadv with actual business in teniers bii;s
it $4.'<s Cor demand acd at $4 *o^€4-S5o*
tor sixty-day bills. Pt»te4» rates, *4 V>#
I K-4 and $4 tQQi £V- t . Commetcial bills.
14 Bar silver, 57Hc- ' Mexican dcliars.
(j!,c. Goveraaient bends, irregular; railroad
.Vru' York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— The cewg frcra the
crcps vit aa influential fac*cr ia to-da>'s
etpek market." and the continued Cood cf dam
age rusicrs rn. m th* NcrThw*»t abC'Ut spring
wfceat mas net regarded with<>ut anxiety. The
troa and rt»<?l traie situation mas anctt*r
legitimate ground for arprebension ov»r val
ues. The effect en storks was more to paralyse
tt* demand than to bn-g any s#ven« preaaan
to bear en th<» market. Tt^re was no general
Iit;u;lat!rm in evidence, and the bear* were
t - -. about attacking the market by short
«.i - - jiTE^attaiic . effect. of special Tr«ai
n»*s at one cr two pcicts was also w»U re
fistM. The Metropolitan stocks rsai* sere*
feverish breaks du<? to dcutts en the part
sf the speculative fcoM'rs t*cau*e of the con
tinued failure of co=2rmaUoa of the merger
raraors, which induced . them to buy their
itccks. Sugar gav<» e-. idrnce of a culmination
of a speculatica and of liquidation br belated
tellers. The feehng in professional specula
tive circl-es was in favor cf scrne reaction en
technical ground*, but ttill tfc* yielding en
th% p?E*ral list was very moderate. The de
cUr-e cf 1*» ia Canadian Pacific ca account of
lew temperature* fcr the wheat crop ia Mani
toba was aa «xtreme movement. ¦ The lowest
price fcr United States tteel preferred on the
break ia the price scteduie for ftnish«d prod
ucts was cv.'.y 4 b*!aw last night. Tius was
before th« cfScial adtnissicn cf the cut in the
price Of wire. A» this is the event which the
felling for seme time wa» meant to participate,
it was natural that there ehculd t* some cov
ering fcy rp*«u;ative shorts on the asnocace
rnert. The recovery which resulled in United
Slates Stt<el rrererred went far toward , rea*
ruring tbe distux«Ki «ntiment in th< financial
district. An effective rally followed and the
rt-straici was removed from the special ! fea
tures of etreagrh which made etrlkir^ gair.».
The corn ar.i ccttca carriers enjoyed a firm
ttndertoc* thrcughoct. The firmness of the
com markrt tras attribute<l*to sympathy with
the violent adiin^e in wheat. >aud reports cur
rent ln the grain markets cf danger to corn
frcm f roet were Urncred. The. cpaiers-, both of
th* hard and mitt coal group, made ¦ substan
tial gains. Per.rjry!vania Railrcad trafSc offi
cials reported aa extraordinary traffic ia ccal.
especially in the movement cf eoft coal to the
Lakes. Pennsylvania i:se^ was hell back in
sympathy w:th the early heaviness ia steel.
tut Norfolk and W»r:*ra rot the full benefit
of these. r<_perrs._ Tie strength cf Cfntario and
Western was a" striking" iriiieSce "en the an
thracite grocp. Tr» buying ef this Etack was
believed ta be corep-etitive as between the vot
ing trust lEter*s:» an-i the stockicliers' pro
tective aascciaticT:. The market snowed no
disturbance ever th* apparertly acute crisis
ovtr the preservation cf the neutrality cf
China, and the Issue cf a Russian lean and
reported effcrts to 2oat a Japanese lean were
cf no effect en ts-e money market. The ewil'.rig
cf another cargo cf $1,750,000 of geld fcr Saa
Francisco from Australia was sufficient assur
ance against any present disturbance of our
nwttjf market by foreign Infiuences. Tb«
stock market closed fairly steady ard with th»
recovered ievel cf prices pretty well maintained
B^r.ds wer* hea*T- Total tales (par value)
|3,tl0.C<>0.
United Star»s 3* advanced ?i and ths eld 4a
ieclii^d ''¦* vr cent on calL
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Cicse.
At*nlsca .......... 21,700 614 £0 T « **1V
Atctiaoa pfd SCO %4 67^ 67t-
Balto & Ohio 5.3C0 S5 S4 4
Baito * Ohio rM - «l
Caiufcaa Pacific... C.S0O 12<JTi ' 125*4 12«S
Central cf N. J.... ..... ......" ..... 163
Cr.**. *. Ohio 3,100 SSH 37S 37«i
<."hicag«. 4c Alton „ 334
Chi it Alton pfi *04
Chi * Gt Western. 700 15-4 14»i I5"s
tticago it N W ..... 1S2
Ch^ Mil £ St P.. 13.S<jO 151H 150 151U
CW. M 4 S P p'i 179^
O.1 Ttr 4 Tr *00 8 74 1^
Chi Ter 4k Tr pfd 14
C C C tt St L 300 73H 75 74
Cola Stutters 2W> IS^i 15^ 13
Colo Scu 1st pfd... SOO 61 »? WS 61
Ccla Sc-j 2d prd — 400 tl\ 214 214
Lvla £ Hudson.... 1.M0 161% - in 1€1
I*ia Lack & W 270
r>n*RioG 200 T2% 23T. 234
Ten 4i Rio G pfa 14
Erie CSOO 2»4 2« 2C*»
Erie 1st prd «<> 63 C2\ CJ'
Erie 2d pta L400 Z9\i 2S\ 53
Hockirs Vailey.... ICO 724 72U 71
Hccklcg Val pfd... ICO S3 S3' S2
ininois Central 900 U6H 136 13o*i
Iowa Octral ¦ 191.
Iowa Ontral pfd.. 200 £«»! 3Sti 3,$i-
Kaa C-ty Scu 221,
Kia City Sea pfi.. ico 44'^ 441; 44'
Jy-uis & Nash fc400 122 1204 121 vi
ilauiatua L jvio 1524 151 1 4 152
Metro Sec 4S.3CO 33-. Sit* gju
ll€tro St Ry 22.900 1244 122U 123
Minn & St L * ?»u
M Et P t Sa St M ...... ..... -J£*
M S P 4 S S X pM iCOO 130 Ob' 13O
Mo Pacific R 7GO 96 *i 94% asti
Mo Kan & Texas... 2.SCO 2fl*i -»oii "<>i2
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 7W> 434 43 434
NaRRcfMexpCd " • i-J?
K T Central 1.600 12Gt; li»4 l"0
Norfolk 4t West.... 5.400 <AK €34 Ju*
Nr^folk & Wot pfd 500 SO QQ 90
Cmtario A West... S2..ViO 3414 32 33^
PenrtsTlvaaU S4.M»- 123 122XL i-t
Pitts C C & St L-. 2CO «57 C7 «7
Readlrg 17.S00 £54 54*4 t5«i
Rfailcg 1st pfd... 4rt) S4* 4 S44 ?44
rteadlag 21 pM.. : „ 72 *
Rock Island Co 17.7W . 23»i 244 ; 24%
Rec* IaUnd.Co pfd, SCO €74 67^t «74
6 L Ml B F'2d"pfd-- €00 6S4 " 57% " ts?
stL*sw * too a«s i«i» i«i!
St L * S W pfd.. 7CO 3S 37H" «7l!
Southern Pael3c.4S.000 - 2SH •• 2*H 2SS
Foa-Jiera Ry Pf4... 70* 5*4 92 ,.MU
Te=a« A PaclSc.... .4.1CO 2*4 .. 27^4 '2?S
To St L 4 W.... 100 23'. 28 25%
T» St L * W pfd.. ' ". . SSH
Union Padftc SLMO »'i »S»i : «>«,
Union Pacifi: pfd.. ICO 94 »4 > 94'
¦^-abarh ».!«* 1»*» 1« ~1»
.waba»h r?d...:... 4.soo «S4 374 " 3SH
\\ ttt: & l* Ern.. ........... ...... ::
Increased snpply and prices had a fracticT-Sl
decUne. Ocicns were quoted firm at un
changed rates.
Strictly fancy offerings cf Tomatoes frrra
across the bay and choice Lima Beans were
in lirr.;:s>l supply and brcught firmer rates,
but everything else ja the vegetable liae was
weak ucder excessive receipt*. Greea Corn
was very weak, and It y*3 rfi^a-rult to obtain
over $1 per crate for the very b«si stock.
POTATOES — New Burbanks frcm tie river.
from 50c per »ack to 90c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks. $1 1C©1 35 per ct!: Early Rose, noail
nal: Garnet Chiles. S5c«ll; Sweet Potatoes.
2@24c f«t ib,
ON IONS— 91 IC^l 35 per ctl
VEGETABLES — Green Cera. SAcCJl per
sack: crates from Alameda. $1^1 25; from
Berfc-'.ey. 5^750; Green PeiJ. 14€3c p«T !b;
S;r:r-s ard Wax E^ac* lWSJ^c per IS:
Lima Beans. 24tJ3c per Ib; Tcmatoes ln
sraa.!l boxe«. nominal; larce op»n boxes. V>3*:ii
for river and 75-£^5c for fcay: Snma-» P<ju**h.
7*-i|4iv p«r bcx: Cabbaze. 7."kt r»*r ctl: Carrccs.
$l"per sack; Cucumbers. 2^g"t5c p«r bcx;
Pickle Cucumbers, ncminal: Garlic. U^e* 1 -
per !b; Ejg Plant. 35f50c p»r box; Dried
Peppers, nominal; Green Okra ZZQZQc per bcx;
Greea Pepr*rs. 25@40c per box; Marrowfat
Squash, $IS€2<> per too.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of "Western Poultry came to
hand, raaklng the focrth fcr the current w*-'*.
It was not placed on sal* ia the wholesale
market but was distributed amor.g leading
retailers. California Chickens continued in
arrive freely and the market for that 1!m cf
goods was very quiet at previous price*.
Your.g Turkeys . were offering In small quan
tities anrt met with prompt sale at 2^©2oc
per Ib. Game «u ia rooI request and prtc-a
were h'.g*:»r all around
POULTP.r— Live Tcfkeys. 15-§17c p*r ib;
G«ese. per pair. $1 5«>52: Gowiicgs. $2^2 25:
Ducks $3 5Og4 50 i*t dozen for eld ani $4 30
@5 5O for ycung: Hens. $4©5: yocng Rccs
ters $5 5066; a'.'i Roosters. $l|?4 ?<>: Fryers.
S3 WS4; Broilers. $2-^3 : i-.gecms. $1 JO per
dojen for old and $1 5*;@1 75 fcr Squats.
GAME — Wild Doves, 6C^75c p*r doxen:
Kare, $1 25*81 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rab
bits. Jl 75<&2 per desea.
m
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices far everything remained about the
same yes^rday. Butter continued weak, and
posted buyers could fill their wants at cor
cessiens frini top quotations. Dealers con
tinued to 'complain of th* dullness of trade.
Cheese was in its Csoa] condition, being la
large stock and dull. Es?j maintained th« r«
cen: advance without difficulty, but there wa«
no tendency imcr.{ the nrajori:y of dealers to
pusb the market up any higher at present, as
it might sharply cut down the public ccaausp
tlon. It was reported that ssra* iciertar
roints which have heretofcre "Wppe-I stcre
Eg-gs to thia market, are now buying Eastern
Egsrs ia the San Francisco market.
Receipts were 31.0w> lbs Eu;:*r. 821 cases
Egga and 43,100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — <Trea:nery at f.rst t"M*i 25£C*e
for extras and 2246244c for firsts; dairy. IS©
224c: store Butter. 15.©lSc; Eastern creamery,
194©20c; Eastern ladle -packed, 149154c per
pcun.t
CHEESE— frglOc for choice ctld new sad
S ; &S4e for lower grades: Yocng Americas. 11©
Il4c: Ores-on *gICc; Eastern. I'>gl5c per ib.
EGGS — Ranch, 3Oc for larse white s«iect»4.
254S29c ffor chcice and 25<J274c* for fair
to good: slore. 20<^23c; Eastern. =2 4 ©24c for
firsts. 21$22c for seconds and l:~y- o fet
• Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Fine offerings of deciduous fruits In small
packages were ia. good request for local us*
ar.-i export, an't such stock brought «tesuiy
prices, but the g^n»ral market was w?ai ani
d#r-n»s!»'l owing iz tiM abundance cf low
gra*Je fruit, which wa3 beiTig pressed far
sale at irregular pric»3. Pluras and Prun»«
in crates diil better under 1«S3 liberal cff*T
iog* id! a ir>-'<i call for shipping, but offerings
in bulk and ia small boxes were abundant ami
very weak, a.- tba canr.ers would not handle
th» stock at any price. Harriett Pears in
open box»3 were very weak with stocks ac
cumulaticff. as the cann'rn wer» unabia ti
handle- all of tbeir contract ccraigsaierits and
were turning rip* stock Into the open market.
S<:m» ex?«iticnally Cne lots in wrappers scT-1
for shipment at a slight premium, but general
offerings dragged badly an«l prices were ftareiy
steady. P»aches wer» v^ak for general eff^r
trsa cnd»r increa?<i l d receipts cf op*o bcxea
Etgnments or mountain rruu were rec»iv*a
from Ccloma and were beSd at a substantial i
rrerc'.um. The car.r.?rs ra!<l as high as $9> |
p*r ton for contract supplies of Clicgstonea, ¦
hut they were cct operating in the ocen mar- j
ket. Grap«3 were p!«rxrifu| and Cnrtly held in |
expectation "f a good ii»mar.d for shipment oa i
the Pug»t &>ucd steamer saiTing to-day. No
r^as^nafcle offer w»j refused fcr Caatalaupes
and Natmeg Melons', but •iesptt* the low prices
tfcer* were Urge ltr.»^i still unsold at the clow*.
B* rrie* were plentiful *cd were quoted rather
weak than ¦ cthi»rwtse. Chang»« . In other
fru!t» were slight.
SXBAWBERRIE? — *4S5 p«r cheat far Al
viso Barries ar.d $234 fcr the larger vari
eties: Lorjrwcrths. ncmlnal.
BLACKBERRIES— $1 50^3 p»r chest.
RASPBERRIES — $4@« p^r chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 9gl<?c P*r lb-
APPLES— $1 ICisl BO r«r box for faacy. 85c
€$1 for choice and, 50>«?75c for common; Crab
Apples. «0c for small boxes and $1 25 f^r large.
PHARS — Bartl»tts. «5c^$l for No. I. tn
ciadtng wrapped stock- ; No. 2. 20^35c per box.
PEACHES — email bcxes. -2586*>:: carriers.
Z^-Q-'c- small cper. b.^x.»9. 408<i5c; lug b-:x*«,
ZScsSStZS
PLUMS AND FRTTNE3— «Og73e p-r cra-.e
ar .^ 25-g35c fer small box; Plums ia bulk.
~°NE?TARINES — Red. 75c€$l per crate;
white nominal.
QUINCES— 75«>5c per bcx.
FIGS — tO^jSOo for drawers and *5e€51 fcr
lariser Fa^*a&- - S
MELONS — Cantaloupes. 50eg$l per crat»:
Nutcwg Melons. l'>225c per box: Watermelons.
$3£'^ r«r hundre<i.
GRAPES — 50c-g$l for small bcxes and crates
and J1JJ1 10 for ejveri bcxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 5O£2 75 zcr
box for Valencias: Lemons. $2 25.g2 75 for
fancy. $1 25£1 75 for choice and 75ct?41 23 for
standard; Mexican Limes. $+64 5O per case;
Bananas. $1 5«>63 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and 75eg$l SO for Hawaiian: Plaeapples.
; $1 2552 P«r doren^
¦ — — - — — •...
; Dried Fruits,Xuts,RoAsins,Honcy.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 74g34c;
Peaches. 5\§7f~c per Ib; Pears. «#34c; Figs.
2-crown* brick*. 524c: 3-crown. 5ic: 4-crown.
65c- 6-crown. 75c; bulk white. 3^iS34c; black.
4c. Evaporated Apples. «4©74c per Ib.
PRUNES — 19C3 crop, l&g'-Uc fcr the foor
sizes.
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresao
C«ub*ect to change without notice) are as fal
lows: 5O- Ib bcx»s — Loose Muscatels. 3-crown.
: 3c; 2-crown. 24c; Malaga, locse. 3-crow3.
; 2\c: 2-citywn. 2 l 4c: seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels. 24c; Seeded Raisins. l«-«w
cartons, fancy. 44c; choice. 4c; 12-ox cartons,
; fancy 3He; chcice S l ic per Ib.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 eoftshell. 134ei*c:
1 No 2. 114t*l2c- No 1 hardshell; lJ§134c:
Nol 2. ll©114c- Almonds. 14©15c fcr new
Ncnpartils. 13'&i34c for I X L. 12S124C for
Ne Plus Ultra; Peanuts. e$7e for Eastern: Pe
cans. llf?13e: Cocoanats. $4 5Cvg5.
HONEt — Comb 114613c fcr wtit« and 1*3
lie for amber; water white extracted. 549
«4c; light amber extracted. 5Cj6c; dark. 3.3
41,C
BEESWAX—27523c p-r Ib.
. Provisions.
v--
Chicagu wa3 lower. This market was iaTl
i and unchanged
CURED IIEATS^ — Bacon 104c p«r Ib for
i heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light.
; 14c for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured': Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c; Cali
fornia. Hams. 13c : Mess Beef. $1C<31O 50 per
bbl; extra Mesa. $Ugll 50; Family. $12«12 JO;
prime Mess Pork $14 50: extra clear. $24;
Mees $13; Dry Salted Pork. 9^c; Pig Pork.
$2«: Pigs' Feet. $5: Smoked Beef. 14c per Ib.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 64c P«r Ib for
cocipocnd and 9*ic for pure; half- barrels.
; pure d^c; 10-lb tins, 10^c: 5-Is ttes. 10*»e;
I 3-lb tins. 104c
COTTOLENE— Oae half barrel. SSc; thxe«
, half barrels. S^c: cce tierce. SHc; two tierces,
- Sc: five tierces. 7»c per Ib.
¦
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 4{?lc tender quotations. Heavy salted
I steers. 10c; medium. 0c: light. 9c: Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and *4<: for light:
Stags. «c; Salted Kip. 04c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf lie: dry Hides. lC«ie4c; dry Kip.
lie- dry Calf- ISc: Sheejakins. shearlings. 2349
40c each: short Wool. 4Oj?<!3c each: medlars.
"*$rif«:; iocs Wool. $lgl 50: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 fcr large and $2tJ2 50 for medium. $1 23
61 75 for small and 20c for Colts; Ksrse Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large and $1 5O for m«licst. $1©
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Btzck Sktna —
Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30c. Goat Skins — PrUse Aa
gnns 75c; extra large do. $1 23; large and
smooth. SOe; mediusi. 35<; •mail. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. *6iUc per Ih:
No 2. 34c: greas-. 24«3c
WOOL — Nominal. Market practically bar*.
HOPS^ — Nominally 22324c per Ib far 1904
crop.
Meat Market.
AH <jt>ctat!ons remain cactasged. wits a
well- supplied market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* ta dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — &4?«4c for Steers aad 4tJ5c per C>
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. &§7c; small. 7C?c per IS.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7S74c; Ewes. tQ's
per Ib.
LAMB — S4C9e P«r Ib.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. «©Sc p*r IX
1 -. • -.LIVESTOCK. - MARKET.
Tie foUowtai are for i»i. scssd
Ther<? was a burst cl sr^culative wKeat buy- j
ir.z at the opening far in excests of any pre- j
vious day. which saihered strength with each
succeeding hour until all previous recosjds for
the present crop were shattered. The- early
reports Trcm the spnr.? wheat territory ware
r.o mere encouraglr.g than they had been, end
th« Northwestern markets were stronger. Ca
t'.es shcwpii foreign mark'ts to have followed
late advances on this siie and there wer» In- !
dicati.>r.s that foreigners ware purchasing in
this market. Buying orders far In excess cf
offerings were la the market frcm the start.
September cpeced l&QlUe to 1S#1*«C higher
at $1 0*5H«l C6»i. December was up at the
etart mt?2c . at $1 O*H€$1 (JT - The crop
reports', bad to start with, became lamentable
in th*ir ficrxils of destracsSon by rust of whol«
fieWs. In many localities farmers were, re-
I<:rt»cl sts enj^aged in burr.:::? the standing
grain to clear th* land. From thi^ Dakota*.
Mi-nesota and Ontario the same reports came
and trader? a,->t*ar*;.i to scent famis*. Th»
buying furcr set in in tamest. Only once.
¦boa affr the ep«niz:.?. wh^n a f»w long liars
wFre released, did the price go below the
oper.lr.jr range. A momentary dip carried
September down to $1 f .3T» and Df«sit»r to
$1 0«». The r«st cf the trading appeared to
be cue frantic BCrambfa to buy. Not until
the high poiat*— $1 08 for Bep^ember and $1 10
for December — w»r< reached was th»r» any
marked halt in the advance. At top prices
in tha last hour cf trading scalpers threw
qnantiti«?s of sh»at en tbe market and in the
ab*crpticn of this jr'-'"** lost scm» of the
advance. 5*pt»»rnber went off to $1 r * s s. btit
soon rallied. th« clew? showing th* buying spirit
again in the asc«r:ii^n:y. Final trades in this
option w»r-? tt $1 t>'-». with. th» tcr.» strong.
LVcesib*r brck* to *1 rivgl C94 und^r the
lat» »»llirg mcvemer.r, closing strong at that
fyeur<*.
That th<~re »-3s n^; more of an advance
ln corn was <iu» to tbs fact that the Sonth
wcat h^»d pon* nor" gnd the crop
outlcck was betp«d tft'-^hy. September open
eri at r'44855c. an « ivance cf 4U* 4 e. but
*cli eff to Sl'^^jt^r. December was up at
tb* start x i'f?4c. ;-> S^*4C to 54c. dipping
ta 534c un.i*r th» *arly sailing. The market
could run r. i.st :i- eiroamr- faaUi«t» -atmosphere
of -the wh»at ptt. bow-ver. and successive
waves rf buyinsr carried values forward to
55 l *c and A5c. r^p^^Jvefy. for September and
December, tha active options. The cloeinsr
wan srror.g at 53«ic for September and 54^#
TA'ir for December
Th» fcuyir.g cf other grains exerted its in
fluenre upon <-a:.«. causing an advance in
September of i.^i^c to KCMm£. at 34'-ie-'J4H'?.
i he <rarly dip i^ other grains was fcllowitd
by a corresjxnling selling movement, however.
in cats, and the price touched 34Vie. but ad
raoced ca th» late temper of the market to
ZZ:. The close was firm at Zi\c. part cf th«
advance havicg fc-**n lest on realizing sales.
Previsions opened weak in sympathy with
a dfcline In th» price cf live hogs. Tlte mar
ket was r«»<y~u»d frcm ft» early declining ten
dency by liberal buj-irar for a leading pack
ing company and by the effect of tba grain
strength. Closing prices showed September
pork up 7 l 3 c, lard 2^c h!gh»r ani ribs ua
chasg»«J.
Th-» leading futures range-i as follows:
Artlciei — Open. High. Lew. cicse.
Wheat. No. 2 —
S-pt»mber. old. 1W 1 104 1 07S 1 10T4
September, new 1 «!*;»» 1 c©»» 1 05", l o«4
Dicpmber 1 07 1 10 1 M 1 C9V»
May 1 09 1 12»» 1 OS 1 lit.
Ccrn. No. 2—
S^nemb«r 55 Bit - 54^; 554
r>~c<»nib*r 544 55 . 53 W 54",
May 52?i 64 M C2^ 54 '
Gat*. No. 2 —
September 34^ 35 34'-; 34»4
P»cemt<?r SS 1 * 3<>U S54 Srt 1^
May 3.S 33 37* 4 35S
Mess Park, per bbl—
Stpt"— .ber 11 4<> 11 574 H 40 11 574
October II 574 11 7# 11 47U 11 t«
January 12 974 13 10 12 90 13 C3
Lard, oer 10O Ib« —
September 6 <74 S S74 6 774 6 574
Octeb*r 6 &2 6 074 S .«5 «5 074
January 6 S5 7 05 8 90 7 05
Short Ribs, per 1<jO lbs —
S-pterr.fc-r 7 374 7 374 7 25 7 23
<"Vtob«r 7 424 7 45 7 3O 7 424
January 6 75 * 774 * 70 « 774
CHICAGO. An?. 17.— Th- wheat trade was
rust-mad t^-day and bought as if a famine
threatened th« ccumry. The September de
livery touched $1 00 a bttalttl. 3";e*c ever th«
previous close. The Deceirfc*r option advanced
fie to *I 10. The dose was under th« top
fgures. showing a net advance for the nearer
mcr.ta c; 3^g:;uc. and of tg44e tor the de
ferred optiea. Cora e!o?ieii strcny t» T^c ad
vance for September asi 14c for December.
September cats are up %O4c. Provisions
varied from a shade to 74- fcrgher.
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade. |
' M
LOCAL MAKKETS.
Foreign Futures. .
LIVERPOOL. "_/ :.
Wheat — Sept. Dec
Openin; 7 2t; 7 S\ |
Closing 7 3H 7 4*i i
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb. t
Opening 23 C3 24 CO i
Clcslng 23 2© 23 &5
Flour —
Opestnj .* 30 05 31 SO
Closing SO 20 3175
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 17.— Wheat— Shipping:
Walla Walla. 7&87Sc; bluestem,iSltr«2e; val
ley. SOeSlc
WASHINGTON.
TACOXIA, Aur. 17.— "Wheat— Higher. Blu«
stera. 83c; club. T7e.'
Northern Business. '.
¦* . • .. ? - /"'.¦ .' - ' .¦ .- ::'. ft
SEATTLE. Aug. 17. — Clearing*. $758,707; J
balanc's, $175,919.
TACOJiA. Aug. 17.— Oarnsrs, I231.34B: j
balances. $7?.7S4.
PORTLAND. Aur. 17.— Clearings, $3«J,063: !
balances. $51,913.
SPOKANE. Aug. 17.— Clearing*. $390. 43S:
balances. $6o,S«6. :
of C2 2*0 bags Including September at 6.45-9
«5.53c: October, 6. 63^6. 70c; November 6. 70c;
December. «.73c: January. 6.60c; March.
7. CiiST. 15c: May. 7.C3.S7. 30c; June. I.40c:
July. 7.55«7.4oc. Ppct RJo. steady ;. No. .
invoice. $4c: mild, firm: Cordova. &4^13c
SUGAR— Raw, flra; fair retains. 3 U-16c;
centrifugal. 06 test. *Uc: molasses eagir,
3 7-lCc; reCned. firm.
DRrED FRC1TS. -
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market re
mains without change, so far as spot supplies
are concerned, though futur-s are cfferics
mere freely and show an ea* i«r tendenc y. wi£j
rrlme for October to December delivery quoted
at from t%C ta die. Common are held at
45D4c: prime, 5fitf«c: ctolce. 6^S«* 4 c;
fancv 7374'*.
raCKES— Stew little fsatore. with Quota
tions still racdaz frcm 2c to 6^c. according
t0 A*PP.'icOTS— Are firm, but cuiet. wtth choice
quoted at »4$10c; extra choice, lO^eiO^c;
" a pEACHES-^R»mala uaciasged. E«ra
cboic* are Quoted at 8c t ad_f«acy at 94810c.
iVftt' York Metal Market.
' ¦ ¦ . . ¦ .^ i -.
NEW TORK. Aus. 17.— Tin was lower la
Lcndon. closing at £121 M* »I»t «-"-d
£122 5s for futures. Locally epot Is quoted
Cocpe'r w'aj a little Msher again la the
Loadoa market, where it cles*d at £57 2s
' €d for spot a=d £57 3s 9d for futures. Locally
the market U" firm, but tI ?°<" xaaterial
charge. Lake Is held at $12 C24: electrolytic.
! $12 Uois €24. and casting at $12 2*912 50.
Learl was quiet in both mark«ts. cUislnr at
' £11 Ka 3<i In London ani at $1 151J4 2O in
Sr*'ter was steady ar.d unchanged at $4 SM?
1 4 05 la the local raark-t. «rhlte»bi London
It was slightly higher, citing at £22 10s.
TTi» Glayso-w Iron market was unchanged
'¦ at E2» ¦while Midiilcsboro *« a little lower
¦ at 43« 6d. Tht domestic market showed lit
tle feature. No. 1 foundry. Northern. Is
; quiet at S 14614 50; No. 2 foundry. Northern.
[ at $13 75C14; No. 1 foundry. Southern, and
; » 1 foundry. South»r=, soft, at $13 50g
i 13 75.
Wvp-strcft Stocks irregular' and net materially changed.
Sugar Stocks still higher on the local exchange.
Siver ar.d Mexican Dollars Tending downzcard.
Z^M **!!*' h excited markctSi
J-iOur cdvanced 20c per barrel in svtnpathy tilth wheat.
Barley firm, n-Jh cash Grain higher.
Oqts h Corn ar.d Rye still steadily held.
Rolled Barley advancing. Other Fecdstufrs unchanged.
ft<^} still- demoralized, vcith the railroad yards full.
Mfyi.kirds of Beans quoted Urm. Seeds steady,
rrrsiswxs still xnactrse here and in the West.
Arrivals, of Australian Coal shozv a falling off.
Butter end Cheese zreck end E??s trrruy heid.
Potctoes' stiUr in keaz'y suppiv, but more active.
Poultry market well supplied. Game hglier.
Superior Fruit sethng weu for local use and shipment.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
tire«ecic detrrere'J in fan Franctsc*. I*w S9
per cent shrinkage Ear Ca:t!»:
CATTLE — Et«er». Iiiff74c: Crw* aaJ
H»tr«r» 54^1S<;: thia Cow* 4«Sc per Ufc
CAL\T3 — *944c per !b «srcss w«ixat>.
SHEEP— Wethers. -h?3 ; »c; Ewes. SSC'-is
per Il» <yrc*s w«ight>.
LAMBS-$2 8003 75 r-r t-at
HOGS— Live Kegs. 140 o 200 fta, 4%c;
2CO to 230 lbs. 44c; 13^ lb» aad under. 44c:
OTer 25"> Iba^ 4 t «c; soft Hcgs. not wanted;
Sows. 2O per cent off; Bears. ZO p<w cent off.
and Sta«3. 40 per cent o* ?r-.—. abor* -\ -:t*-
Genera! Merchandise. .
BAGS— Crate Bags $3 I.'-.?; 23. Sas Qan*
tin $4 75: Wccl Bags *>532c; Fleece Tirte*.
74e: Fruit Bags. 64Q74<: f^r whits ani 7c
for bro'sra jute.
COAL — Wellington. tS p*r tja: N»w TVeniag
ton. $.«: Seattle $4 50; Rrya.-t. $6 5O: Beaver
Hsn. S3 50; Sta=fsr5. $7: Roalys. IT; Ccc»
Bay $3 50- Gr«ta $7: WalUead. $7; Richmond
$7 U>: CuaaberlaEd $13 in bulk a=d $7* 23 la
•acks; Penasyivasia Anthracite Egg. $li;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $t.i; Welsh Lcmp.
$11 ZfK Cannel. i$ Zi> p*r ton: -Coke. $11 S»'<O13
p»r tea In bulk and $15 ta sacks: Rocky JI: .2
tain descriptions. $S 5O t>«?r shsrt toe
Harrlicn's circular says:
"Sine* the stamship S«acma left, esly oa»
car?^ of Australian Ccal has beea dsliTere-J
here, vtx: LlsdCeli with 35W tc«s. There ar*
four cargces cow fully due from Ne^castl*.
which should arrtr* wi:h!a th^ next tea days-
There »re tli!rty-»even vesseLs at present ea
gaged 13 carry ccal from Newcastl* wt:a a
carrying capacity of ot*t SO.'iO tons: cf tn*»<»
tivere ar« sixteen now afloat- During ts*
month cf July th» total deUTertes footed c?
5*541 too*, whereas In Ju'.y. 1903. 27.445 ton*
of Ccloelal Coal were c":schargr1 here; thia
shows a marked falUnj off. The Cea! freights
fr»>ra 2ttwc*sUm ar» qu.3ted at fol! Cgures.'
and vessels dlfScali to procure: this Is
mainly attributable ti» the low jiaaSard r,{
freights outward now exinir* here, ftr graia
and !usiN»r. Business gerteralJy ln tj»* fo*»
Baa is extremely dull, althous-h prices quats»l
by the wholesale dealers ar« '.ow; st!U at thia
leaser, cf the year. i*1m cf Ccal Tar house
purposes are csual-y light. Fu*J otl l* b*!s»r
literally ccr.aamed fcr st»a=i cs*<». an<J Is a
farrcidab!-- MOQaCttar tc» Coal: ti# Conrvra
ment transpcrts ars purchasing issch less
J ccal here than femreriy. as th*v ar» filling a
; la?ze portion of tae-.r re«iulr«rs«nts at Jap
anese ports. The quantity «f CclctsJa! Coal at
: pr»s-nt here la yard i» T»ry : j.V.. stlli th#
; qcotatiens cf sam* r»mala unchasgrd. Th»
deliveries her* from British Columbia ar*
ecmisg freely ta hand, ani arjeir t> c*«t
! with ready sa>."
OILS^ — Quctatloirs are fcrr barr-'-s: for case*
! ad-i 5c ; Uns#ed. 37= p*r tillca f.'.r belled s=4
I S3c for raw; Cartor Oil. in c»»es No. 1. 7ic;
• Ba.k*rs* aa cases $1 10^1 12: Lix-ot. 3Cc f->r
; boiled and 45c for raw; China Nut. cas»#.
BOSOe p-r gaUca: Cocoanst OIL la fcarrel*.
I ZSc for Ceylca and 53c irx Australian: extra
bl-a-hed wtnter Sperm OsX «*c: aatura; winter
! Sj-ena Ot!. d:; extra bl«ach«i wia:er Waal*
, O:!. 57c; natural Whale Oil. £2c: extra winter
I strala-d Lard C.I 73*: Ha. 1 Lard Otl. «3c;
j purs N>a:sf-wt Ott 73c: Xx I N#*tsfo«j« O-.i.
I «3c: light Herring Oil. 42c: dark H'rr.rjf Oti.
I 40c: SaUmoo OiS. -04c; boiled FUh O1U 37c: r»w
I Fish Oil. S5c; c- > 1 Paint Oil. S3c; raw Piist
J Oi!. 31?.
COAL OIL— Water Wti:# C?al OtLaa tali.
! 13c: Pearl Oil. ta cases 134c: Astral. 194c:
' Star. 134c; Extra Star. 24c: Eialne. 23c; Z..>
; cene. 23c: DeodOTized 5tcve Gasoline, la tKxQt.
i 1?"t: In cases, 224c; Benstne. ta ; -.<. 13c: irt
ca*»s. 134c; 5»J-iegr»e Gasoline la bulk 23c;
In cases. 31?. ,
TURPENTINE — Ks per gaUoa la cases anj
73c In drums aai Ires barreia
RED AND WHITE LEAD— RH Lead. T*$
7»»<r per Ib; White Leal 7'-*»7*«ff. acecrilBg
to quantity.
SUGAR — Th» Westers Sugar Refining Cotn.
pany quctes as fci^jws. per ii. !a 10O-lb bags:
I Cube*. A Crushei and Ftn- Crashed. *23c:
I Powder-d. «.l«c; Candr Granulated. «.1»V: Dry
1 Granulated Cn«^ 6c: Dry Granulated, ccari*.
6c: Fm:t Granulated. €.l»c: .Ee«t Graa-i*
! lated tlOO-Ib bags cn^y> : Ccnf«ctioT:e-s'
A. «c: MagnotU A. 5?<>c: Extra C. 3 30c:
Golden C. 5.4Cc: "D." 5-*0c: fcarrela. 1<V now.
¦ half barrels. 23c more; boxes. 50c more: 9O-lb
i bags. 10c more far a!! kind*. Tablets— Hilf
! barrels. *.50c: bcxes. «.7ic: H. ft E. Crystal
I Domtnos. 9c per IS. No cr-i»rs taken fcr less
j than seventy -2re barrels cr Its e<iulra:es.t.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WE7JNESDAT. AUGUST 17.
I Flour, qr sks . . 13.*X>' Hi Jes No 6^3
: Wfc»at. «!s ... 7.-WS.?e|^ X» 543
¦ Barley. ct!s .... «,241' Leather. rcCs .. s- M
' Oats, ctls 472 Tallow, ells .. 23*
: Bear*, sks .... 67* 4 Li=e. bb!s 3«t»
I Pctatses. sks .. 7.574: Wise ga> .... 23.43<>
j Onions. «k3 ... 61 « Quicksilver, fflu. ?>
i Bran, sis S*>=ngar. ctlj 1.4>»
I Mi-idlirgs. sks>.. 270' Pap«r reaais .. .44
! Kay tons «2«i Po»d»r. car .. l
1 S-raTr. tons Zi 3rc<:mccT3. b«£ls 114
i Wool, bal-s .. Wi
Wisconsin Oa 200 17*, l~\ 1TH
Wisconsin Cea pM . 500 40'-* 23«- 4 234
Mexican Central ..1.100 104 1">U 10V*
Express Ccsjanie*—
Adams 225
American 183
t-'nited States 109
"Wel:«-Far*o ICO 213 215 215 \
M :*•-«:". a r.-irj s—
A sal Copper 2,400 63 »4 54 4
Areer Car i F 400 WU, WH 19 1 *
Aaier Car £Fp!l 79
Awr Cotton On .. 1.0CO S3'-I 32'i 33'-;
Amer Cot Oil pfd. 100 92 92 814
American lc« .... 100 7 7 e\
American Ic« prd.. 3CO 27 27 27»*
Amer Lin Otl 10<-i
Amer L'n Oil pfd. 27
Amer Locomotlvs... STK) 214 214 214
Amer Loco pfd 83
Araer Smelt t Ref. 21.«00 62 57H «>14
Amer S & R pfd.. 4.200 107s; 1C34 1(W
Amer Sugar Ref 12,««y> 133 \ 1314 132H
Anaccnda M;n Co. 10O 73 73 72
Brcck'.yn P_ap T .. t.~W 63*i 534 63H
<*o!o Kael and Iron. 3«) 36S *3*% 3*H
Consolidated Gas .. 30O 136^, 1« 196
Ccm Products .... ICO 13S 13 l » 134
Crrn Products pfd. fS
Dittineri" Secur .. iCO 23 23 \ 2^4
General E>ctrie .. COO 164 1634 lfi 3 *
Inter Paper 1**4
Inter Paper prd... ICO 72«i 72*i 72
Inter Punip 32
Inter Pump pfd ICO ~r> 76 754
National Lead 2,*X> 23*4 — T» 22?*
North American *S
Pacific Mail 1C0 2T% 2T*i 2T
People's Gas 2O> 100*4 1CO= A 101
Pr»j«s<'d Steel Car. 1C0 33 *i 33 a 4 W
Prrs»*d Steel C pfd 75
Pullman Pal Car lfX> 217 217 213
Republic Steel WO 7H 7«i 7H
Repattic St»*l pf3.. tin 4-1 42 '4 <24
Rubber Goods . " 70O IS 174 1~%
Kutber GockIs pfd 794
Tenn Ccal & Iron.. 3,900 45 44 44%
U S Leather 7» T4 7«, "7 s ,
U S Leather pfd .. «<"O S3 fi'% S5
i; S Realty 47
D B Rubber 10O 10-% 15H 19'-4
r S Rubber pfd.. ino 75% 75* 4 75
C S Steel 9.70O 124 II", 12U
V S Steel pfd 61.70O .-jT 7 . 684 S»S
TVestinghouse Else. 20»> 16V 1394 153
Western Union 63
To**! ra!w 575.^:0 share*.
CNTTED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. ,17— No bond trasa^
tlcns to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANT.
Commcn— Bid. It 374; ask«d. S4 5a Pre
ferred—Bid, $42; asked. $42 SO.
NEW TORK BONDS.
US ref 2s reg..lW»i! L & N eniScd 4s.l014
Do coupon I0*t.( Man coa gold 4s. 103?
"£>3*r*g 105 | ilex Central 4a... tl\
Do coupon 106&I Do 1st tnc 1*'-.
Do new 4j reg.Itt'*- Minn & St L 4a.. S6",
Do coupon inu M. K & Texai 4s. X>\
Do old 4s reg.lCtfi,; Do ids 7SS,
Do couron ....!«»»; SB cf Mex con Vs. 75 '!
Atcn gea 4* 103 4 ' n y C sea 3U#.. pj^J
, "f J *-« < s »5 ] N J C gea .IT.'-,
Atlantic C L-4S.10O No* Pacl«c 4s. ...HC
Bait & Ohio 4«..K«H' Do 3s 741:
Do 34» I'^'Xor t W con 4«.10lU
Centra, of Oa 5s.lt! j O S L 4s * partic. 85^
Do 1st inc S3«t(Pa ccr.v 3^-s 9<:u,
«^h^« & Ohio 4Ha.l«4i Reading ?en 4s... S9S
Chi & AUon --54s- 7«4' ? L *I M con S3 1!«4
C BiQ DC« 4s. &7 iiSLiSFfs U, 834
C.M & SP gn 4s.If.3 | Sf Louis S\V 1st-. M4
o^ i £i n "»* ia »%|Se*boart A L 4?. 7.14
C. R I & Pac 4s. 7nu'so Pacif.c 4s . 3',
Do oM Ss M^ij So Railway 5s.!"'lI7^
C. < ' * ?Lgn «s>X«t>i{'Tex & Pac lsts.-HT^i
Chi Term 4^ 71 j Tol St L & W 4s. 74
Cons Tnbacro 4s. T i' Union Paci3c 4« .1%'i
Colo & So 4s. ... S4 I Do conr 4a 104
<- r & I ccn 5s. 72 ! t* S Stpsi °.l 5s 7SV
Den & Rio G 4s.lvOUi Wabash 1st! ...iilUS
Erio prior Uen 4s. K%{ Do deb B <T»
Do sea 4s KS4IW & L Eri- 4.^... 91 1;
F W * D C Iat*.l«tj Wi S Cent 4, .... J5»4
Ho<"k Val 44«...1<J» ; "
KEW TORK MIXING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Cbief C5
A!:c» Z3\ Ontario 3 50
Bre*<re 1C! Opfcir * Bfl
BrcrswiTk Con . l« Phoenix . . " " 10
Com Tcnnel 06 Potosi " tl
Ccn Cal & Vd... 1 10 Savage .. ~»
Horn Silver l 6O» Sierra N-vada""" "^
Iron SIIv«r 1 45- Prr-al! Kc[-« : >
L«a dvil> Con ... C2: Standard ,. i {*>
Boston Stock Market.
SIc««y— . . fUSSfel ,. i«
Calllo*ns ...... 233V- Do S3 -5ii
il 5" i 08^* 3e *^ Westirg Common". 79
"Onus — \ 3Iinii^
Atehtson 4s HH4' Ad vent a re . so
Do adj 4. MfefABoaez - -••"**'* * JO*'
Mex Central 4s.. ft4 I Araal Co F ?*r .'" 54
Railroads— f Asser Zinc ; n ai
Atchlson 8HfcfAtla«rUe .... *im
At?hi«or. P M vru., Bingham "i! j*2
Boston & Albany. H$ : Calsmet & Heclk" TO
Bosrcn A Maine.l*; j CfcntctarUl -•
Bcston Eer .ir.l3Oi,| Copper Rang.**:" u«
Fitchburs p« ...136 Daly W«t ... #4
M-i C-r.tral .... 10*; i Dominion Ccal 'nil
N T. N H * BUtl* Frank:!:? . T 4
Per- Marqoette.. 74 Grancv .. "Vi* t«
Lnion Paci-e M)({Xa!c P.-ya!e i«™
lflscenaneocs— [Xac* Mi'.-.Irg 4'*
Arner Art. Chem. 144' Michigan' . i
"**»¦?« 7* ! Mohawk ..1 4 S
Amer Pr.-u Tube. 4 i Mont Coal & Cai'm tU
Am-r T.I & Te!.l.TT*;i Parrot ... ' 1 " 5l2
Amer T\ oolen ... 1 1 [ Quincy t~ *
Do rM 7S*;i Shasr.cn* "'1 111
Dem Iron * S... 54- Tamarack ..II."" 0->u
Ed E!<*ct Ilium. .2fO ! Trinity -/*
G ,' n SfS*" •?:-*•« n* * Mains'";::: 2 j 2
Mans ET»ctrie I7 { TT <= Oil tr^
Mars Gas 4.1K* Victoria
rn Sho» Mich... W'lWino-a =5
Do rM 31 | Wolverine" II I «o"*
Lnited Fruit 1CU j
London Closing brocks.
Cons f-?r money.. 5 SI «' Ncr & TTest«~ «xti
Do f<wa<rct ... 58\i! Do pM 5>i
Anarccda - 3\> On &" Western " 34 *•
Atrhlsoi «3^«i : Pe-cr.ivlrania '" "c?
Do Bfd l«n;»p. arv3 Mines'...;*, m
Bait & Ohio ?«V! P.-a<i!r.y -sii
Can Pacific 131 ) ReaiJic*- l«t rM " I-»
Cfciw & Ohio..... 3Slif Do 2-i pfd... '" s^v
Ck| Great "West.. T3»i! So KaiJway ...
Chi. Mf! * St P.. 1544' Do pfd " 9< v
De Be*rs IS**! Fo Padflc ;; iw^
D<m i Rio G ;**-«• ITrrion Pacific... I01T4
Do pM 7R t r>> r M r .r ?
Erie 2« T ;!r S St»»! ... jj*
Do l«t r« 1 Do rfd ' *)t;
Do M rM SB tTTubaih *I<!U
III C*r!tr*I 14« ; Do pfil ?.<:u
N T Central KEsJl
Bar silver— Stea-iy, 2<^»i<j per oase* •
Mor-t-2224 per <?er.t
v" 11 "* ? f S"*2?7? ln the '^* a =arkt f->r
then bills is 2«iSCT, p, r cent . the ror
three mocths* bills is 2 l.t-1652'i p«r eent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Auy. 17.— To-<iay-» tr«a«nrr
A r «w For* Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Ac?. 17.— Cotton futurei
or-e-ed tteadr; August. 10.11c; September
0.90c; October. ».72e; November. ».66c bid;
December. O.CSc: January. 9.70c; February
».71c; March. 9.77c; ila.y. 9.S0o. Spot closed
quiet. 10 points lo-arer: mliiiUns uplandi
11.50c; miiillng gulf. 10.80c; sales, 62S bales
Fcturej dosed quiet and *tead7; August"
10.01c; September. ».Slc; Octot*r, 8.63c; No
vember. 9.5»!c; December. 3. Me; January
».62c; February. 8.64c; Marcb. ».C7c; Ac-nl.
9.C9c
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Atir. IT— FLOUR— Receipts
24.124 barrels; exports. 10.4CO barrels; market
fceld higher, checking business: winter patents
JS 1035 40; -arlnter itraiyhts. $t S&S5; Mia
nescta patents. $5 75^6 15; winter extras
$3 45®4; Minnesota baJcers. ft©4 50; winter
low graiJea. ?3 25©S SO.
•WHEAT— Receipts. 47.800 bushela; spct
rtrony; No. 2 red, nominal tlevator. $1 11 4
t. o- b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 2a
t. o. b. eflcat. Wheat advanced 3c a bushel
ta-<Iay on big peblic buying. <Ju» to predie
tlcns of frost and further «xt?nslTe damag>
ta «pring wheat by rust. A notable featur*
of the market was the strength in late months.
which were popular with outsiders. Final
prices here showed 4t£©4?ic c«t advance. May
$1 CO«4S1 144c. closed at Jl 13; September.
SI C0i»8l 13^. clcted at Jl 124: December.
$1 »'>,61 13S». closed at Jl 12h-
HOPS— Ciriet.
HIDES— Steady.
PETr.OLEUM— Steady.
' MOLASSES— Firm.
COFFEE— Th* market for futur«» opened
steady at unchanged prices ti> a decline cf 5
points, which w«s better than was expected la
i-:ew of the lower EuTOTeari and Brazlllaa
isarkets. which were affected by reassuring
¦Jtrir-s as V> ti* e<M=irir crop. There did
not »««ia to b«.r«ry wrgres*iTe selling her*.
but tha fiemand '•'as less active than recently
acd ti« raarket. after th« can. eased off to
a psneral Item of 10tfl5 points. Later It ralllnd
slightly on reports that there was no prospect
of • aa Aogust flowering, though It was too
early tt> estimate th* effects on subsequent
flcwers. The rally wa* not held. ta«» market
yielding again la the late trading u> rea-w
liquidation, and - was . finally steady at a net
¦ fiecliae ci 5SX5 ' point* Sales »er« reported
$5£3 10; piss. $4 S0@S; bulk cf ss>s, $4 80
C5 C5.
SHEEP— Receipts. . 3000: market active,
steady. Western yearlings. S3 7CI?i 50; weth
ers. $3 C0S3 iJO; *vti )2 TS-S3 30: common
and etockers. $2 23#3 30; lamt*. $4 75-S6*
Miscellaneous Markets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST IS, 1904.
Continued on Page Twrlrtw
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13$2 buys a Card Index Drawer, 500 rec
ord cards, alphabetical Index / and 25
guide cards. Twinlock and Moorehouse '
Loose Leaf Ledgers and Price Books; I
complete office outfits in our Stationery
Department, including printing and
bookbinding. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market st. - •
Cord and Loose Leaf Systems.
Thirty-ninth and one regarding the
delegation of the Forty-third District,
in which Xhe aggrieved • persons are [
Fred Franzen. Larry Hartnett, Louis j
Mehrtens, William J. Hogan, Joseph ;
P. Hayes, John J. . Driscoll, David P. j
Torres and George J. Heggerty.
Here a motion to adjourn found j
many seconds and'the first day of the
convention was at an end. McNab was
left in control of the works, and when i
the convention is again called he will !
name the judicial ticket and a large j
portion of the legislative end, the
Horses and Carts seemingly beinsr too
despondent to ask for even those things
a less dejected minority often lays
claim to. |
Then Judge Davis asked Flint what
disposition had been made of the ex
amination papers. "I understand
that they were all destroyed, except
two of Miss Fischer's, which Professor
Calvert kept as curiosities," replied
Flint.
"Did not you write to the Governor
on June 2. after Miss Fischer's charges
were made public, saying that the pa
pers had been preserved and would
prove that no favoritism was shown?"
asked Mr. Davis.
Flint admitted that he had written
to that effeet.
He also admitted having seen one
of George Harvey's examination pa
pers before the rating was made on
It. Hearsay testimony in regard to
what State University students had
said and thought about the pharmacy
board was then heard.
The hearing will be resumed at 10
to-day- S39
Miss Alice M. de Sponda, whom Miss
Fischer accuses of saying that she had
received advance notice as to the char
acter of the examinations, denied the
allegation. Clarence Balah. another
successful graduate, said Miss Fischer
had told him of the remark, supposed
to have been made by Miss de Sponda,
but got mixed in his dates under cross
examination.
At the evening session Professor
John Henry Flint of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons spent a few
uncomfortable hours under a fire of
questions from the investigating
commission. He admitted that he
took a deep interest in nine of his pu
pils who were taking the examina
tions He said he had gathered them !
in the dispensary In the hospital every j
day before the examinations. There i
he quizzed them regarding subjects
that were likely to be asked. He de
nied ever having seen a list of the
questions to be given.
Regarding the $5 bet Flint admit
ted that he had wagered that amount
with Professor Moloney that George
C. Harvey, one of his pupils, would
receive the highest percentage. All of
his pupils, he said, passed the exam- I
inatlons. i
if he failed to pass, but replied In the
negative.
Cloraine Fitzgerald, who is alleged to
have been flitting through the exam
ination-room, where she had no right to
be. was interrogated by Judge Davis.
When asked if she had the questions,
she retorted that if she had she would
have taken the "exes."
Fall hats, 1904, just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co., opp.Palace."
ILLUSTRATED LECTURE ON JAPAN. —
Galen M. Fisher, international secretary of
the Youns Men's Christian Association, will
give a free illustrated lecture on Japan to-mor
row evening at the association's auditorium.
Mr. Fisher is conversant with the Russian and
Japanese war.
Printing with snap, style, individuality.
That's ours. Edward Knowles Co., 24 Second st.
WANT ILLUMINATION.— The reception
committee of the Sovereign Grand Lodge, I. O.
O F.. petitioned the Supervisors - yesterday to
illuminate the City Hall dome on the nights of
September 19 to 23. when the order will hold
Its annual session in this city.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It Is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful Jewelry
store In the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
To Visit San Francisco
W"<"KLEY M'INS.— In the United States Cir
cuit Court peeterdar ifc* jury brought in a ver
dict in favor of the dffTidant In the carp of
Crar.e- vs. Buckley, involving the title to a
ran'-h vbt Go*t»*n.
A concert was given last night un
der the auspices of the Luther League
of the Swedish Evangelical Lutheran
Church in the parlors of the church,
Fifteenth and Dolores street. An ex
cellent programme was given.
Luther League Gives Concert.
, "I promise to be fair to all of you,"
said Chairman Hickey, "and all •. I
ask is that you be fair to me. - ynder
the taw the first roll that -is submitted
to the commitfe by the Registrar Is
the legal roll and this exhausts Ills au
thority. If the Registrar was allowed
to change these rolls at will; there
would be no end -to' 'the .•difficulty he
could cause a convention/ but the law
is plain and positive." ;. . ' .:
. At/ this •. , Mr. .O'Donnell,,. .who iV = had
placed Heggerty in ; nominatibtt; rose
_and said: "If the Registrar,' by mis
"take, had certified a number of Re
publicans to yourjcommittee. would you
accept that 'roll?" i";. .••.•,>¦',v
. "The acceptance J of :such."'ai roll I
would not find violently, opposed; to" my
duty," answered Chairman Hickey; •" It
Is my ruling that the roll from which
the call was made to-night is the legal
roll, and I cannot hear the protest at
this time."
"Then I appeal from the ruling of the
chair," said O'Donnell. ; -r.^w'
"I move that j the .-appeal .be laid on
the table," shouted- a delegate in the
rear of the 1 hall, and this move was sec
onded. A vote was called for, but
O'Donnell avoided defeat for the'Horses
and "Carts by withdrawing' his < appeal.
This ended what, threatened to develop
into an interesting row. The chair then
ordered that the count proceed. ',
The Twenty-eighth came in solid with
nine votes for Heggerty. In the twen
ty-ninth there was a . split, the vote
standing nine for Sims and three for
Heggerty, Frank Shannon, James
Creighton and Robert Gough bolting
the McNab ticket in favor „ of, the
league. . In the Thirtieth there was an
other break from McNab's forces, Fred
P. Bender skipping the traces, making
the vote of that district twelve for Sims
and one for Heggerty. The thirty-first
cast twelve votes for Sims, the Thirty
second eleven votes for Sims and the
Thirty-third eight for Sims. In' the
Thirty-fourth .there came another
break to the Horses and Carts. William
Reedy, who cast one vote, and William
J. Siebert, accredited with one-half* a
vote, voted for • Heggerty, making the
• As the secretary was about to pro
ceed with the calling of the roll, one
McCarthy rose from his seat among
the delegates of the Thirty-fifth and
protested that his name had not been
called at the opening of the conven
tion and demanded that he be seated.
Chairman Hickey Informed him that
the roll from which the call had been
made was the temporary roll which
had been certified to the County Com
mittee by the Registrar, and though
the Registrar had certified another roll
to the committee at 5 o'clock.
PROMISES TO BE FAIR.
William F. Humphrey of the Thirty
eighth District rose to second the nom
ination of Mr. Heggerty. Shouts from
the gallery of "platform" had their
effect and Mr. Humphrey ascended to
the chairman's table, where he
delivered a seconding speech ¦ warmly
eulogistic of Mr. Heggerty. Seconds
then followed In rapid succession. The
Twenty-eighth Assembly District again
seconded Heggerty's nomination; the
Twenty-ninth, Sims'; the Thirtieth,
Sims'; the Thirty-first, Sims'; the Thir
ty-second, Sims'; the Thirty-third,
Sims'; the Thirty-fourth, Sims'; the
Thirty-fifth, Sims'; the Thirty-sixth,
Heggerty's; the Thirty-seventh, Heg
gerty's; the Thirty-eighth, Heggerty's;
the Thirty-ninth, Sims'; the Fortieth,
Sims'; the Forty-first, Heggerty's: the
Forty-second, Hpggerty's; the Forty
third, Heggerty's; the Forty-fourth,
Sims', and the Forty-fifth, Heggerty's.
Nominations were then closed upon
motion and the call for a vote was
made. Chairman Hickey, after, an
nouncing that it would take 85 votes
to elect either nominee, appointed
Messrs. Duncan, Welch, Mullen and
Dillon to act aa tellers. Mr. Mullen
gave way to Horace Ford of the Thir
ty-sixth.
Cheers greeted the mention of Heg
gerty's name and it took three full
belts at the gong to shock the assembly
into silencers-
GONG BELTED THRICE.
liberations. I name Charles J. Heggerty for
temporary chairman of this convention.
City Treasurer McDougald yester
day received applications from banks
and financial concerns In London,
New York and Chicago for the pur
chase of the bond Issue just declared
legal by the Supreme Court. Bids for
the bonds will be received by the
Board of Supervisors on October 3.
Want to Purchase Bonds.
CHAIRMAN OF N CONVENTION,
WHOSE ELECTION MARKED DE
FEAT OF HOUSES AND CARTS.
Paso Robles i» headquarters for visitors to
the great army camp, as there ar« no ac
commodations for them at the camp. Special
train sen-Ice to Paso Robles and, from there
to Asuncion, the camp ' station. Automobile
service between Hotel El Paso de Robles and
Asuncion ar.d between Asuncion and the
camp. Garage for automobiles la provided at
the hotel for guests and every convenience
supplied. Round-trip rail rate from Paso
Robl«s to Asuncion 50 centa. For further
details ask any Southern Paclflo agent or at
city office, 613 Market st. •
One and One-Third Fare for Round
Trip to Paso Robles. \
RATES TO CAMP ATASCADERO.
Upon motion the ' chair was em
powered to appoint a committee of five
to settle all contests for seats, to:ap
point a committee of five on platform
and resolutions and to name a com
mittee of eighteen on permanent or
ganization and order of business. . A
motion to adjourn was then made, but
before it could be put Central Commit
tee .Chairman Hickey moved , that the
temporary officers be made permanent.
The motion carried with but little op
position from the Horses and Carts,
their "noes" being weak and scattered.
The chair then announced that the
only contests that appeared of record
were one filed by Henry Eickhoff of the
At* the conclusion -of. Senator Sims'
address W. H. McCarthy of the Thirty
fifth was elected secretary of the con
vention.y Mr. McCarthy made a brief
address, thanking the convention for
its action, and assumed the duties of
his office, j
This convention must nominate Judicial and
legislative tickets. Upon . -looking into the
faces of the men that constitute this conven
tion I see assurance that the men who will be
nominated for Judicial positions are men
whose purity, and honesty cannot be ques
tioned, and no matter how many millions are
involved in <• lltlcetion before them they will
leave no stain upon the ermine. Our constitu
ents,'I can"a'ssert, need not fear that the men
that will be selected for legislative offices will
d* other than reflect credit and honor upon
them and. the State arid It rests with us to see
that their trust is not betrayed.
Thanking you again for the generous honor
you have bestowed upon me, and assuring the
gentleman whose motion made my election
unanimous of my fullest appreciation and
deepest gratitude, I repeat that fairness is the
keynote of the policy I will pursue during the
deliberations of this convention.
no stain* for: ermine.
For a minute several men that had
been keeping tally figured in silence,
and then the shout from the McNab
forces made it plain that the Horses
and Carts had passed from their im
agined -power and that McNab had
won. In a moment the vote was an
nounced by the chair— 90 J /2 for Sims and
76% for Heggerty. O'Donnell imme
diately rose and moved that the vote be
made unanimous. His motion carried
with a whoop.
Messrs. O'Donnell, Kelly and Heg
gerty were then appointed to escort
Senator Sims to the chair. As they
Reached the platform three cheers pro
posed for Sims were given with a will,
and three just as lusty followed for
Heggerty. Introducing Mr. Sims to
the convention and expressing his
pleasure at being enabled to surrender
the gavel, or rather the claw hammer,
Mr. Hickey withdrew into the lines of
his delegation— that of ' the Thirtieth.
After shaking, hands with those that
escorted him to the chair, Senator Sims
turned to the gathering and said:
It is a matter o'f rccret to me that in any
way my name should come into collision with
that- of my accomplished friend Charles J.
Heirnrmy. but. I. must acquiesce in the wlli
of .the majority, which is In Itself a good
Democratic oollcy. I deem it a Kreat honor
that I should have been elected to preside
over this convention, but let me assure you
that so long jvs Democratic principles exist in
my heart— and that will be to the end— my
only thouKht will be to serve you with im
partiality and fairness and In a manner that
will meet with • the amirohtuion of all.
The Supreme Court has Just declared valid
a bond Issue of 517,000,000. which »Koes to
show the good Judcment ' of the Democratic
Board of Suoervlsors that framed the meas
ure, and we are facing a campaign in which
w>j will have sreat opiyirtunlty to add to our
prestige as a party, j It lies with us to im
prove the streets and under the policy of ex
pansion we advocate every school child shall
be given a roof over Its head and a desk at
which to sit and study.
The Thirty-fifth cast its solid vote of
nine delegates for Sims, but when the
Thirty-sixth was reached matters be
gan to brighten for the Horses and
Carts. This district cast ten solid for
Heggerty, the Thirty-seventh followed
with ten more for Heggerty and the
Thirty-eighth plumped ten more for
Heggerty, and this started some cheer-
Ing. A bang from the gong let the
Thirty-ninth In with its votes, and here
came an interesting split. Six of the
delegates voted for Sims, but Thomas
Judge, James P. Quigley and D. 'Cur
ran, who were accredited with one
fourth of a vote each, hurled their
strength into the Heggerty column.
Livingston Jenks, who climbed astride
the fence when he saw how things were
going, modestly refrained from upset
ting any calculations and refused to
cast the one-fourth vote that rested in
his hands. It Is said that this uncast
one-fourth vote was the only asset the
Horses and Carts had left when the
convention adjourned.
The Fortieth District came In with
six votes solid for Sims, the Forty-first
gave seven for Heggerty and the For
ty-second added ten more to the Heg
gerty column. The forty-third added
eight votes to Heggerty's now defeated
forces, but the Forty-fourth came in
strong with nine votes for Sims. The
Forty-fifth cast its eight votes for Heg
gerty, but no cheers greeted, its action.
McXAB FORCES SHOUT.
vote seven and one-half for Sims and
one and one-half for Heggerty.
SOLID VOTE FOR SIMS.
One who has read - the papen would con
clude that we had all been incinerated, but
like the phenix, out of these ashes there has
come a. sterling Democrat, wlxfre name I am
glad to present to you. I need not occupy long
In telling- you of his merit*, as you all know
them as well as I. It Is to present the name
of this man — one of my boyhood friends — that
I come > before you. You know the course he
has followed In this community for rears, and
that the position he occupies ' to-day Is an
the leader of his profession. ¦ - He Is a man
that Is fairmlnded. able to preside over .this
convention to Its honor, and one who will win
the a£plausa of all of you at Its elos« If. you
chooce to select him to preaid* or*r your de-
The howls of delight that greeted the
announcement of Senator Sims' name
had no sooner quieted than J. E.
O'Donnell of the Thirty-seventh mount
ed the platform to place in nomination
Charles J. Heggerty of the Forty-first,
the hope of the Democratic League. In
the midst of cheers O'Donnell opened
his oration. He said:
The name he possesses is a sufficient suar
antue for all that I have e&td. Under his
guidance this convention will- round out Its
work in a manner that will be above reproach
and that will vrln the fullest Indorsement of
the people of our city. For chairman of this
convention I- place in nomination the Hon.
James C. Sims of the Forty -fourth Assembly
District. . '.¦¦¦,
Kelly was greeted with cheers, which
a ran from the anvil quieted. Kelly
then said:
As announced, we are about to select ¦ a
chairman for thin convention. "We are about to
confer a j high truf t and place in the hands
of one man the office of leader of this con
vention. ThJe honor, I believe, we should
place in the hands of one who possesses In
the highest dopree a senne of equity and Jus
tice ar.d who Is girt found with ser\-lce to
the r>arty. The man whose name I am about
to place before you is sufficiently well known
and distinguished to eliminate all question as
to his fitness for the office. Ke possesses a
clear head, a high sen.«e of equity -and a strong
will. lie will treat alf with fairness If be Is
called to rule.
Still there was no protest from the
Horses and Carts, otherwise the Demo
cratic League, and William A. Kelly of
the Thirty-fifth Assembly District
mounted tne platform to place ex-Sen
ator James C. Sims of the Forty-fourth,
the McNab candidate for chairman, in
nomination.
GREETED WITH CHEERS.
"There are 157 delegates - present."
said Chairman Hickey when the call
was concluded. "This number consti
tutes a quorum, and we will take up
the first 'question before this conven
tion — the' election of a temporary chair
man."
WIELDS CLAW HAMMER.
Chairman HIckey rapped for order at
8:16 o'clock — and such a rap. His gavel
was an overweight claw hammer, and
the face of the table held a large and
ragged piece of some abandoned steam
boiler. The effect of the first blow was
ghastly. The .clang split the ears of the
expectant Bourbons and cleaned the
right out of their systems as if they had
been shot. Chairman Hlckey's order
that all take their seats as assigned
was meekly obeyed, all seeming to be
anxious to avoid further bombardment
from the claw hammer and gong.
"Call the roll," said Chairman Hickey,
addressing the secretary. A moment
of suspense follcv/ed this order, as it
had been announced that on this point
the opposing forces would open Uie bat
tle. But the Horses and Carts, sat si
lent and the secretary proceeded.
Gavin McNab organized the Demo
cratic local convention at the Alham
bra Theater last evening. Former Sen
ator J. C. Sims, the candidate of the or
ganization, received 9(Hi votes for
chairman and was subsequently elected
by acclamation. His opponent, Charles
J. Heggerty, as the representative of
the Horse and Cart faction, obtained
76& votes. Mr. Heggerty would have
made a record of an even 77 votes If
Livingston Jenks had thrown his one
fourth of y a whole vote to the hard
pressed column of the defeated but
dauntless James H. O'Brien, but Dele
gate Jenks at the critical moment de
clined to lend his support to either fac
tion of the party.
There was no fighting to excite the
multitude of spectators. There was no
uproar or tumult to inspire the Demo
cratic legions with hopes of victory.
The entire proceeding was monoton
nusly peaceful. A detachment of police
strong enough to quell a riot was at the
disposal of Thomas W. HIckey, chair
man of the Democratic City and Coun
ty Committee, but the arm of the law
was not needed to preserve order. Men
who had traveled many miles to see an
old-time Democratic rough-house, went
home disappointed and dejected. The
opposition to McNab had Just a look in,
and is out of business again. The carts
are parked and the horses have gone
to pasture. At a signal from Gavin
McXab the delegates will assemble
again, and whoever may be' slated by
McNab for nomination will be a nomi
nee of the convention. Gavin McNab
was present last night and remarked at
the finish that the Horses and Carts
did not leave a loophole to save them
selves.
LEPER HAXG3 HIMSEXaFV — Tor Co. *Ila»
Ah Loula, a leper confined In th» Twenty>-itxtA
street hospital, handed himself 7*ster4ar mom
tog In a shed on the premises.
The bullet entered rather high on the
head, several Inches above the right
<?ar, and made its exit on the left side,
the range of the bullet holes being
forward. There was a hole in his hat.
made by the ball, and there were
blood Ftains on it. The battered bullet
was found, lodged in the partition.
Clasppn formerly worked for W. W.
Montague &. Co.
He is said to have talked of suicide
¦even] times to J. vr^stphalen of S4S
KolFom street, at whose house Clas
sen's wife was laid up with a broken
Jeg. Deputy Coroner Brown learned
that Classen ha*! been treated for the
liquor habit and often went on a rpree.
He is paid to have been a heavy drink
er and had numerous squabbles with
his wife. Despondency du*» to alcohol
ism is volunteered ps a rause for sui
cide.
R." P. Evans, who worked alongside
of Clfissen In tha forenoon, said that
Classen appeared to be somewhat ner
vous and cut his finger, but he did not
observe anything else unusual about
him.
George W. Classen's dead body was
found yesterday afternoon lying In a
pool of blood in Francis M. Smith &
Oo.'s boiler works, at the corner of
Eighth and Townsend streets. There
were two bullet wounds in the head,
one where the missile had entered and
the other where it had passed out.
Near the body was found a Colt's .38
caliber revolver. One of the chambers
had been' discharged. In the pockets
of the dead man were found the case
lor a bank book of the German Sav
ings and Loan Society, but the book
itself was missing; coin amounting to
526; cards of membership in the Boiler
makers' Union and the Order of Her
mann Sons; thirteen cartridges to
the revolver and some correspondence
with Curtin & Co. with reference to
the collection by them from a man
named Dannebaum of certain monthly
payments due from Dannebaum to
Classen, averaging J5 per month. A
late note from Curtin stated that
Dannebaum was unable to make his
regular payment, but would make a
double payment on the month follow
ing.
Deputy Coroner Michael Brown and
Special Deputy David Ahern made an
Investigation of the case and reported
that Classen had killed himself. The
police detective detailed on the matter
made a similar report-
From Otto Dauscher, the foreman. It
was learned that Classen left the
works for lunch at 11:45 a. m. and re
turned at 1:SD p. m. in his street clothes,
fri« working clothes having been left
In his room at 452 Naioma street Al
though It. was evident that Classen had
cot returned with the intention of re
nmlng work, the foreman said noth
ing to him nor he to the foreman. A
quarter or a half hour later Classen's
dead body was found. Owing to the
constant noise of hammering in the
place, the report of the pistol was not
heard.
Miss Rubv Devoto Fischer, the prin
cipal witness against the board, was j
again called to the stand hv the com- ;
mission yesterday morning. Miss ,
Fischer reiterated her charge that Pro- j
fessor Flint had aided candidates of
the College of Physicians and Sur
geons, and quoted Miss Grace Eddy
as authority for the statement that j
Professor Flint had signaled with two
fingers to one Mr. Harvey when a
.question was propounded as to how
many fluids were in a certain - drug,
the answer to the question being two. :
Continuing Miss Fischer said that It
she remembered correctly, a Miss Nel- ;
son also saw Professor Flint signal to
Harvey, .and that she (the witness)
had heard that Professor Flint had bet j
one of the members of the board $5
that Harvey would stand highest on j
the roll after the rating had been com
pleted. Miss Fischer said that while
all this was going on the members of
the board, other than Dr. J. J. Crow
ley, were present. Dr. Crowlev was
not in the city.
As to the time allowed them Miss '¦
Fischer said that before she had fin- •
ished her paper on "Identification of ',
Drugs" she was told that her time was
up, and that she must quit. Charles ;
Rowley, president of the board, told j
her to quit. She had heard that others
had been treated in the same manner,
Grace Eddy especially making com- |
plaint.
The witness had also heard that cer- j
tain of the favored candidates had j
been given the questions in advance, j
one regarding the difference between j
fusions and decoctions being especially j
recollected by her. Miss Desponds had !
told her this. Regarding an alleged !
interview, in whicfh Miss Fischer had j
been quoted as making, among other i
statements, one to the effect that she |
had heard that certain members of !
the board were entertaining at dinners i
and theater parties various pretty girls
of the college, the witness made a de
tailed explanation. She denied por- j
tlons of the interview and admitted !
others, reiterating the statement that ;
rumors of gay times often floated '¦
through the college.
Here Mr. Rowley made an explana
tion of. the manner in which the exam- j
lnations were conducted, the class of!
April being so large that it was neces- j
sary to divide it. a portion going up- |
stairs and others remaining downstairs.
In answer to the question as to wheth- :
er those that had taken the examina- ;
tlon were permitted or could in any '
way communicate with those that were !
waiting to , take the same, Mr. Rowley
said that provisions were such that no
opportunity was given the candidates j
to communicate with one another In i
any way. It developed, however, that |
Miss Fischer herself was discovered on j
the skylight of the building taking ob- |
servations of the proceedings below. ;
What advantage this daring co-ed
gained no one was able to answer, but '
it was suggested. that she might have;
dropped messages to friends seated in
the amphitheater. •
Regarding Miss Fitzgerald's presence |
during the January examination; Mr.
Calvert had a few things to say. He
said she sat far back chatting with !
some young men, and that she made no I
effort to aid any of the candidates. He !
knew this because he watched her very •
closely. He made no explanation as to :
why 'he did not request her to depart i
in view of his admission that he found it
necessary "to watch her very closely."
AFTERNOOX SESSION*.
The afternoon session opened with
Miss Fischer again in the witness chair,
her cross-examination by members of
the board continuing.
Professor Rowley began a rambling
cross-examination of the young wom
an, which brought out little of Import- i
ance. "When Miss Fischer reiterated |
that she learned by peering through '
the transom that the applicants In the •
lower room received more time for the \
examination, Rowley asked her if she j
judged tjme by eyesight. She was |
asked If she heard of the remark of t
Brandon A. "Weever to do up the board
A casual reference now and then to
a gay dinner or a theater party and a
word picture of a fair student risking
her neck* on the skvlight of the Col- J
lege of Physicians to set a peep down
into the pit of the amphitheater where
examinations were going on lent
spice yesterday to the proceed
ings before the commission appointed
by Governor Pardee to investigate al
leged irregularities in the affairs of
the State Board of Pharmacy.
The commission has established the
fact that, notwithstandint the rivalry
that exists between the college of
pharmacy of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons and that of the Univer
sity of California, the State Board of
Pharmacy has been paying . the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons "nom
inal" rent for the use of its am
phitheater in which to hold examina
tions; that Professor Flint, pharma
cist of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons and instructor in pharmacy,
was permitted to be present during
the progress of the examinations held
last January and move about among
the candidates for certificates as •licen
tiates, when -those of his own college
were pitted against those of others;
that Miss Cloraine Fitzgerald, a stu
dent at the College of Physicians and
Surgeons, who was to come before the
board for examination in April, was
permitted to be present at the January
examination, and that candidates • for
licenses were not given sufficient time
in. various instances In which to com
plete their papers.
SUPPLEMENTARY CHARGES.
Detectives Unable to Find
Tangible Evidence That
3Jurder Was Committed
Testifies That She Was Not
Given Fair Time in Which
to Complete Her Papers
REVOLVER BY HIS SIDE
MISS FISCHER'S ST0EY
George W. Classen Found in
Pool of Blood With Bullet
Wound Through His Brain
Desire to See Pharmacy
Board's Questions Leads
Her to Perilous Viewpoint
Vaunted Claims Are Exploded When Convention Meets
and McNab's Forces Place Ex-Senator James C. Sims
in the Chair Without Even the Pleasure of a Fight
MYSTERY VEILS
MAN'S DEATH
CO-ED CLIMBS
TO SKYLIGHT
DEMOCRATIC LEAGUE MAKES
EXIT AS POLITICAL POWER
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1904.
14
APTER-nSEMEXTS.
39 STOCKTON STKEET.
Telephone Mala S522.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per squar». 35c
Slz« and quality iruaronteed.
FANCY RANCH EGGS, per dozen, 32\c
Select, large white
Fancy Minnesota Eggs, per dozen, 25c
Freah arrival
KQNA COFFEE per Ib.. ..'. 20c
Rcast or praund. Her. 25c
Hawalla's choice pTO*act
TEAS New Cror. 6 Varieties. Ib-. 35c
Basket ftred. Young Hyson. Ensllah
Breakfast, Oolong, Ceylon and Family
. Mixed. Bee- .'"¦-¦
ISLAND RICE, per ib 5c
Every kernel perfect. Tut. 7c.
SAGO and TAPlOCA, 6 lbs for . . . 25c
Ker. 25c
LOG CABIN MAPLE SYRUP-
%-Gal Qts. Pta.
Special tfoe 35o SOo
Regular 75c 40e 25e
PIMOLAS. per bottle 15c
Olives rtnffed with re<S peppers Her. 20e.
Durkee's Sa.ad Dressing, per bottle. 25c
Fine for naiads. Res. 30c.
FORCE— 2 packages for . . . . 25c
lies. I5o each.
Family Bourbon— bot.. 60c: qat. $2.50
R?s. 75c— $3.00
Good quality, popular price.
MARQUETTE RYE, per dorr.e . 55c
Rer. $i co.
ROCK and RYE, per bott'e 60c
Cures colds. Ref- 85o.
Muscatel and Angelica, per bottle. 25c
per gal., $1.00
Sweet wines for ladle*. 'Reg. SSts — $1.50
CLARET, per gtl en 40c
An excellent table win*. Rey. 60c.
FRENCH CLARE f, qts. 50c. doz. $5.00
.pis. 30c. doz. $3.00
Taj-son de Leouran.
Evarlste Dupont & Co.
«¦£ 0&/ suede
VVj^**^ 3 clasp
..»'3nT Glace j
Aa Assortment of 41 Colors aad
Black.
Salesroom. SOO Post St*
Corner Grant At*. ¦»
A baby who frets, worries,
cries or sleeps poorly is prob-
' ably poorly nourished unless
: there is actual disease. MeHin'g
Food provides plenty of good notrrisl^
ment; easily digestible and does away^'
[ with all fretting and crying. Try Md.
Ilia's Food, we will send you a sample.
MEUIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON. MASS.
HALE'S. \ v ',: I HALE'S.
r. ; —
New Fall Dress Goods
Spread themselves in broadest variety at Hole's
This big store's' helpfulness in the matter of picking out a
dress, of getting the weave you want — even a prettier one, per-
haps—and choosing from a larger variety, was never as great as
it is this fall. You like to buy where you can get the greatest
choosing. You will like to buy at Hale'ft&is fall more than ever.
Prices ?
Here's a New Tailored Suiting at 45c yard. 37 inches wide and fa
two styles. Economy? Yes, but not with a loss of style or quality.
And a New Zibeline at 50c yard. 37 inches wide. And a Scotch
Suiting at 65c yard. 40 inches wide.
We Are Making Fall Skirts Free.
Just buy the material for your ordinary skirt length and we
will have our expert tailor make you a plain skirt free of any addi-
tional cost to you.
Jointed Doll, 50c Note Paper, 15c Box.
It's a regular 75c doll. Satin, kid, linen finish.
. . . ., . , .... That's a big choosing at 15c box.
IS inches tall. Another doll day a quire to the box with envelopes
at Hale's. to match at 15c.
Another day wheft.you can get How many times have yoti potten out
l,,k a u a t _?T of writing paper and then wished
baby a new doll and pay less. This you had some? Maybe you are out
time as pretty a doll as any of the £ v » £& c T a h r % r^ ££,&*,*£
many we have sold before. At 50c Bet it.
• cf ,,j _r „__ Note Paper, 120 sheets, 15c — It's the
instead ot 75c. commercial ruled note paper.
Jointed, with a bisque head, sleep- Envelopes, 45o box of 250 white or
Ing eyes, dimpled chin showing teeth. cream envelopes, all sizes.
The yrig is woven into pretty ringlets; Souvenir View Books of San Fraij-
composition body; lace stockings and Cisco at 25c, 50c and $1.00. "Lota ot
fancy slippers with buckles; fancy splendid views,
slip. Bring baby and let her pick it Souvenir Postal Cards, 33o doa.
out. Third floor.
Kmjht LmpilT^;.™ „„ r.,ft. ? c 0utin 2 Funnel. -
........ -4 bargain to begin falL
Decorate with them, htftd them j£ the fine> fleecy
On the third floor at Hale's. makes such comfortable children's
dresses and night robes. It'g in pink
only, but a pretty pink. Many
in,, r\J*. ».«.—,.«-.«. would take it if they had s dozen
IUC Dinnerware. other colors to choose from. Many
. » , -xi more will think about it to-day at
On a table, main floor. Qc y^^ r.
Wrapper Plannsl, at 7o yd. — RefTilar
Dinner plates, coupe soup plates, 10c Quality, medium colors.
oatmeal plates bread and butter Mow^o*-. .^ »!««
plates, tea tiles, creamers and aren't going to carry, a yard of it
syrup pitchers. over. That's the reason we have
They're In that high-grade «eml- ?" ked tt 7%c for a Qulclc iala *°-
porcelain. Some of them finished aa * #
with floral sprays and colored cgl/rVZ5Sr
edges; others have colored borders njwgy J&y
and gold medallion centers. Every SSrSw /OSS3E. JSk^a JlS^ *^ffi2
dish is a pretty dish— every one is /m <3B^ > <glw»'
extra value at 10c J& Zp^VJ^p 1 •y^^^
We want you to get acquainted with ""* C£ * G*O»&^^
the hundreds of other extra values
in the third floor crockery store. Market Street. Near Sixth. S. F.
APVEBT1SE3IESTS.
The wide world over and not be able to
flnd a laundry that can compare with the
United Slates for the laundering of fine
linen. We make laundering an art by
the exquisite finish that re put upon
your shirts, collar* and cuffs, and we are
as careful of them as If they were done
up In your own home.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 KA2KET ETEEET.
Ttlephcae South 420.
y Defender Paper %r
! (&8<§q) it
i MATTE \
i Dnxket« PHoro.SuFPtYCft. I
And you'll always use it. Best Pho-
tographic Paper made. Prints by
gaslight. Send 15c for sample dozen.
Any sire up to cabinet sent prepaid.
SUNSET BAZAAR,
42 Third St., S311 Francisco.
f^ Dr. R,L Walsh
Has Moved
) from 847
Geary to
580 GEARY ST.
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days.
Painless Extraction «5c
Fillings 50c
Crxnvus $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work $5.00 to $25.00
Jjoak.tor tills ad. tywh other day.
(ntrrrcp'cl CUTE SICK HEADACHE.
UAHltnu .
SprmE Genuine Must' Bear
ifiVER Fac-Simile Signature
a PILLS. s? _-***¦¦ —
&£1 1 s&xu^iFGfrzrxif