The Sunday Call MagazineHke jewels upon its. outstanding crags,
while; a glimmering light tipon the sky
above could speak of upleaplng flames
and the mountain's activity.
' They had brought the Prince, under
escort, to this busy scene a little after
the hour of midnight; but dawn was
shimmering upon the . eastern sky
were unendurable; the end was so
near.
They had lodged the Prince In an in
ner court of the citadel, named in the
guide books "The Court of the Alber
ca," upon either side of which there
stood a capacious hall crowned by its
cupola and paved with snow-white
The citadel of Cadi lies a little way
beyond the ramparts upon the high
road to. Barcelona; It was built by the
Moors seven hundred years 'ago upon
the summit of a precipitous cliff at
whose foot runs a tributary of the
river Ter. Styled Impregnable 'for
many centuries, it is now but a relic of
the Moorish occupation, of so little ac
count in any schema -of a nation's de
fense that neither fort nor artillery de
fends it. And yet the city Is proud of
this once goodly palace, and writers
descant upon the beauty of court and
fountain, and .antiquaries delight in its
traceries. View it whence you will, it
dominates the valley, unlifting its
towers and battlements above the deep
abyss, and defying you at any distance
to say by -what 'bridle path horsemen
made ita gates in the days of long ago.
There are pine woods on the slopes be-
CHAPTER XIX,
There Is no garrison in this citadel,
nor does the government deem it neces
sary* to maintain there, .lft. common
times, more than .a jjaithfuh seneschal
and , those whd assist him in his lei
sured tasks. From the - day 'when the
.Moors we're driven '"'out of Spain until
dull arrested- her, Prinde and charged
him .with Ireiisoitf the ramparts went
undefended arid the gates stood- openJ
But this policy: of the: years passed in
an hour in the face of ' revolution and
its animosities. Through the long
r/.f,ht which Parried Esther upon bo
strange an errands troops swarmed up
the bridle path and .peopled the . de
serted courtyards and shut the mighty
doors, Torches were to be seen on
every outstanding crag which com
manded; the precipitous track to keep
and bastion. Gunners, delighting in
the novel task, dragged mountain-can
non from point to point until they had
them upon the ramparts. Within the
citadel an activity no less significant
soon ' changed the face of things and
declared its purpose. Apartments, ,long
given over to the winds and^the fain,
¦were hastily screened . by tapestries
carried up from the -treasure-house of
the city. Lanterns glowed In court and
cloister, fires were kindled upon open
hearths. The great cliff, upon which'
the castle stood, might have been vis
ited ' by vast fireflies, which hovered
hind it; cascades silver Its massive en-fc
ciente;; tlorries and minarets, whence the
Muezzin's voice once called the faith
ful to pi'ayer, stand up beyond its ram
parts. Smooth-tongued .guides point"
out to romantic lovers the cloisters of
the dese'erated liarems, .from whose
fountain a mountain spring still sprays
its limpid jet. Time has dealt kindly
with the citadel's walls, arid shading
thfcm to ; the rock-brown hues' has ''cast
man's, work ar.d nature's in the" one
mold bf • Its mellow harmonies. The
curious traveler upon the valley, road
would pass the ; ramparts by but for"
that gilded dome, beneath which the
Mohammedan' "'-once- acclaimed his
•prophet.'
and there were other weapons! For her
own suffering he cared nothing. It was
not to be hidden from him that his
worda tortured her; he: intended that
they should. / -J
"You speak In' haste," he said. "Of
course your husband must answer for
himself since the question will be put
to him and not to you. But, madame 1 .
have you no part to play, no/ counsel
to offer him; are you dumb when life is
alone? I think not; I know you better.
When you discuss It -^ith hlmi—" ' ,¦ ,
"Oh!" she cried, "you speak in rid
dles!" -'
"Not so ; I Epeak of, facts. When you
leave this room and^ drive to the cita
del, when you see the circumstances in
which he is placed, when you under
stand that if he Is foolish he may not
see the sun rise ¦ to-morrow— ah, Iheh,
I think, you may have something to
say to him! Is it notvfeo, madame? Will
you refuse the opportunity?".
"To po to my husband?" she asked,
bewildered.
"Yes!" he cried, with something of
that pose which always characterized
him, "to go to your husband."
"I love my husband; but he shall
¦peak for himself. . Is it a woman's
task to rob him of his birthright? I
have answered you, Doctor Xavier; I
shall never answer otherwise."
He heard -her without surprise; he
had expected no other response. The
bargain he offered her was so little un
derstood. Time must be on his side:
unless — ah, unless, guided by your wis
dom, he resigns nil. abdicates of his
own free will, leaves this kingdom
which he has betrayed. Is it clear to
you, madame; do you understand It
now ?"
He had not cal'.ed Esther "madame"
before, and the sudden change of de
meanor from that of the kindly per
suasive friend to the dictatorial man
ner of the politician and the schemer
declared the true part he was playing.
She saw it all now; there could be*no
disguise. Arthur's life depended upon
this abject surrender of his kingdom
and his birthright. Nothing less would
satisfy those relentless enemies whose
intrigues had been 60 subtle and so
sure. He must give up all, become an
exile from the land of his birth and
permit his cloak to fall upon the shoul
ders of another. Esther knew already
what his answer would be. And her
own? Ehe buried her face In her hands,
afraid to Epeak! She heard the almost
impatient question, and did not dare
to answer it.
"Come, madr.me, I wait for you; is It
posible that you hesitate? Ani I to as
sume that this man's life is nothing to
you? Will you sacrifice it for senti
ment—no, you are too shrewd! Cadi
has no interest for you; in Paris or in
London the generosity of my country
will permit your husband to live under
those circumstances of luxury to which
prudence entitles him. Will you sac
rifice that for a chimera of power?— no.
I do not believe It! You-. will save your
husband because you love him— a no
ble task, a woman's task, madame!"
She looked up at the words and re
plied with a dignity which surprised
him. i*-A*s
"I will be plain," he said; "the time
has coxne for it. Your husband Is a
prisoner In the citadel— the people cry
for hi3 life. The senate. is ready to
condemn him; the army deserts him.
Frar.ce, under whose suzerainty we
ere, wiil r.ot lift a hand In such an af
fair as this. It is our own for our peo
ple to set tie. We shall try this man
on a c-pital charge and he will be shot
He contradicted her with a laugh.
"Helpless— not so! As I am a man of
honor, it is the truth. You can save
him this night, here and now!"
She thut her lips tightly, fearing that
Ehe might betray herself. The truth
was about to be told; she dreaded It
When she spoke at last It was almost
in a whisper.
"You see that I do not understand!"
she said; "I beg you to be plain with
me."
He leaned over the table and spoke
rapidly.
Cor-.vritht by Max Pembeiton.
/ > Y had gone there upon another af-
I lair altogether— a trifling mat-
I ter concerned with one of my
A sister's compositions. You will
judge of my astonishment
when, thinking of anything but the
country of my birth, I saw before
me one whose face compelled me
against my will to- recall the fables and
their figure*. The rest is known to
you. The interest you had av.akened
reminded me of own studies. I asked
¦why you should not take the place of
those Mho had b:uu=ht bo little faith
to my assistance. That your intellect
was not of the ccaimon order was evi
dent to me from the first. I admired
your candor, your courage, your reso
lution. 1 believed that you would hu
mor a scientist's whim— it might be,
would help him to a very great work.
I had no c<her motives; I have told you
so and I repeat It That which hap
pened was rot cf my seeking. I did
not ask Piince Arthur to my house; I
<Jid not intend that you should meet."
She uttered an exclamation of pro
test, but he continued quickly:
"When circumstances brought you
together, and he told me he must know
more of you, I laughed at hw request
and dismissed it as a folly. But it
•would not be dismissed; events com
pelled me to recognize it. I recognized
that a mar. in whom my country hoped
must either be faithful to hia great
position or abandon it finally. This
man had been tried in the fire of the
vorld, and hed failed. I wished him
veil; but I kr.ew that his happiness
would be found in the gentler arts
rather then the strenuous things of
life. It was in my mind that this
country might deal generously with
him. Seating him from his obligations
and bidding another take them up. In
fovc- and manage. I said, Arthur of
Cadi 1x111 find his true vocation. So I
took up jh*- challenge and began my
work. Whir. I left you in Paris my
purpose was to be your husband's
friend before the senate of this city. I
determined to obtain for him a prince
ly alli.-v.u2:<.c, to give h >rn his freedom,
to soy in the senate's name, 'The
treaty between us is at an end; you
have your liberty.' You know what
hasty circumstances hive defeated
thai object. Your husband enters the
trap which his enemies have set for
'him. By you, camarade, they would
strike at him. Their agents inveigle
you here, knowing that he will follow;
you have heard their triumph In the
streets to-night. Vv'ith me you ask
what his friends can do. I answer you:
there are two -^ho can save him."
He delivered th!s defense In a low
pleasing voice which held Esther fas
cinated. The story of her life for the
past seven months seemed to be re
cited page by page by one who knew
and understood every line of it This
man. so subtle, so plausible, defied her
keenest scrutiny. Posing there as the
devoted friend of the husband she loved
so passionately, she yet could be sensi
ble of that reservation which marred
the confidence and awakened her sus
picions. For many minutes, Indeed,
her perplexity silenced her and she did
not reply. She believed that the whole
truth had yet to be told— and in this
Ehe was right.
"Two, Doctor'." she said at last; "no,
there is only one — only one!"
He turned to her suddenly, stretch
ing out his hand to point at. her.
"In a sense I grant It; there is only
one— it Is you, camarade!"
"I— I! Ah. if It were!"
"I mean it; you are the one person In
Cadi to-night who can save its Prince."
She began to breathe quickly and
tried to be calm.
"You kr.ow that I am helpless/.' she
said.
¦t" his is the conclud
ing installment of
••im:. xavier." which
BEGAN' IX Till: SU.V
IV\Y* CALL. MAOAZIXE
OF iAL'GUST "' THE
NEXT XOVK1. TO APPEAR
.WILL V.il "AXXA. THE AD
venti im::\s." i;y 1;. piiii,
ljps qppexheim: a story
IN WHICH Till: LIVES AXI)
FORTUNES Ol' TWO SIS
TERS. ALMOST IDENTICAL
IX' FEATURE. BECO3IE
STRAXG ELY I XTEBWOVEX :
ONE A NTRl'GGLIXCJ ARTIST
OF HIGH MIXI) AND
IDEALS. THE OTHER A
SIXGEIl IX THE PARISIAN
DAXCE IIAIXS AXI) NO
TORIOUS OVER ALL OF
PARIS FOR HER ESCA
PADES. THE STRONG,
COMPIJCATi:i> AND AT
TIMES TUAGICAJL LOVE
INTEREST THAT RUNS
THROK.II THE STORY IS
HANDLED WITH THE AS
SURED C.UIP OF AX" EX
po:ii;\(i:i) novelist, it
IS A STORY THAT WILL
SPEAK FOR ITSELF FROM
Till: VERY FIRST CHAP
TER.
when a carriage set down Esther at
the cliff's foot and Colonel Varez curtly
bade her follow him to the heights.
"It Is a treacherous path, madame,
he said bluntly; "if you are frightened,
do not hesitate to tell me so. I win
give you a hand at the dangerous
places, but you must, be careful."
She answered him that she was not
afraid. The knowledge that she would
B ee her husband, that, perchance, he
knew of her coming, gave her a false
courage and steeled her nerves.
"I learned to climb In Switzerland,"
she said; "I am sure I shall not mind
It. Please go on; I am naturally very
anxious."
He turned without a word, and began
to stride up a rocky path which
bridged many a chasm and bordered
many a black abyss. Torches in giant
crannies diffused their shifting light
upon that dizzy road, and, weaving
Bhadows. they helped the climber to de
ceive himself. Here and there, where
the track turned and a false step
would have sent ths traveler down
headlong to the crags below, Colonel
Varez offered Esther his hand and
dragged her up. The valley shaped be
low them clea,r and distinct in the wan
light; a city in a mighty cup, a haze
of smoke, a river linking range to
range with Its chain of rippling' silver.
These fearsome sights Esther shut out
from her eyes with more than a wo
man's resolution. Her desire to be
with her husband defied all danger.
She had the will to run; the delay tor
tured her; ehe was not conscious of
fatigue; a cold breeze blowing down
from the snows brought the blood to
her cheeks and gave her strength.
"When, at the sate, Colonel Varez
waited to tell her that the Journey was
done, he asked himself why he had not
noticed her beauty before. She found
him more sympathetic henceforth.
"The Duke looks for your answer at
the end of an hour, madame," he said,
-while they crossed the drawbridge and
stood upon the threshold of the keep.
"He desires me to 6ay that this Is the
only interview which will be permitted
you. If you accept this condition,
there is no other stipulation."
She said, "Yes, yes; I quite under
stand;" and a trooper at the Moorish
gate, drawing back heavy bolts, ad
mitted them within the precincts.
Here .a whole company of the guard
loitered at Its ease Jabout the fires
which the cooks had kindled; artillery
men upon the ramparts were break
fasting by the side of their guns. The
number end importance of the guard
Impressed Esther as no mere words
or threats could have done. She under
stood how closely Arthur was watched,
how definite ras hla loss of liberty.
And this " truth the very bullding3
themselves could Impress upon her.
Gate upon gate opened at their ad
vance; vast walls were tunneled that
they might reach other walla not less
vast. The galleries, which once had
echoed the Muezzin's call, now an
ewered to the sentry's tread. At any
other time she would have said that it
was a picture from the dead ages, red
called from the glory of the East to
reanimate these deserted cloisters and
rewrite their story; but dr.-ubt forbada
her. She pressed on as though delay
"He offers you your liberty If yon
will leave Cadi, Arthur. I could not
answer for you — God knows I wouM
not! Have I not brought trouble
enough already upon you? Shall I l»t
your love for me cost you so much? Oh,
I cannot, dear husband, I cannot—"
He silenced her ~aith a new cares*.
"I forbid you to speak nf it. litt'*
wife. They are brave men to strike at
me through you — chivalrous pentie
men, and I will tell them so. It has qil
been a plot from the beginning. ThinT*
of it ns that and say that we must
laugh at It. Oh. I have friends left yet
—I shall still trouble them — "
He appeared to be thir.klnE* deeply,
and. comforting her with a lover's ai
surance he bejan to recite their story
again like one who believed that recital
would supply the link In that chain of
thoueht he forged.
"They sent hiUmen to- St. GIrons and
then disowned them. You can hire
ruffians in the mountains at sixpence a
dozen and get some change out! They
plve it out that my house was robbed
by a roving band of trypsies while their
own agents are really the agressor*.
They pretend to rescue you, and po?e
as knight errar.tp. Having pot you in
the city, they know that T will follow—
Rnd here I am, not at all alarmed, dear
wife, believe me! A man must havi
very good card3 when he plays for a
kingdom; he must be sure of his fin
esse. I do not think that old Xavier's
hand Is as strong as he imagines it!
To-day will show us. I shall appeal
to my countrymen — I do not believe In
vain. There 13 only one man against
me. It is he or I. This Endymlon is
a little tired of the moonshine: he
wakes up In a hurry and wants t<i
climb tho hills. Tell me. Esther, how
have they treated you — what happened
to you on the road?"
He broached a new subject thus
quickly to forestall her questions. ¦ A
clever actor, the peril of the role he
played insisted upon a hearing; and
the changing expression of his face, the
puckered brow and the quick glances
to right and left in their turn betrayed
his reservations. Esther knew how
much they had to talk about and yet
the heart of the subject defied her.
Arthur fenced too adroitly for that.
He desired that she should speak chief
ly of herself.
"Tell me," he persisted, "what hap
pened upon the road— how did y"6u
leave the castle — who brought y,0^
here?"
She answered as directly.
"When you left me In the bedroom, I
did not lock my door—I was anxiou;*.
Some one cried out In the hall and*J
thought it was you. Then I went
down. The whole house was full of;
soldiers and they were quarreling. K
•aw one who was quite a boy stabbed
before my eyes. I must have fainted.
The next thing I remember is being
upon the back of a horse and seeing
one of the tnen riding at my side. .At
Vlc-Dessos we stopped at the inn and
they gave me breakfast. I do not think
I was frightened of them. It seemed to
me that they were the servants of same
one else."
"Of course they were! Old Xavler
bought them for a capful of copper9
and rewarded their fidelity with a rope.
He'll hang the lot if he catches them,
to show his gratitude. At Vic-Dessos,
I suppose, some one turned up— hussars
In a hurry and an officer who swore by
the gods that It was an outrage! Who
was he, Esther, what was hig name?"
"The Count of Folx— at least. h» sail
so; but he told me so many untruths
that I am sure I do not know who it
was."
"It would be the Count, all the sam«*.
Spaniards are good liars; it is one of
the national accomplishments. He la
not really a bad fellow and may yet be
caught. Most of these officers have
been bribed; but I do not think he
would take the money. Corruption ia
a pleasant thing when it gives you
some one else's house and "receipts your
bills. Old Xavier is wading In money
Just now, but there may be something
better. I like the Count; I believe he
would come over if I could see him-"
"Then I must not say unkind thinsrs
of him? Certainly he was very good to
marble. Splendid draperies, deep blu 8
In tone and wrought with Eastern fig.
ures, defended the arches to the clo! 3 .
ters and shut out the mountain winda
A fountain splashed In the center of
the peristyle and cast Its Jet into a
marble basin. Touched with the fl r3t
rays of the morning sun the exrjm g j {e
tracery of arch and pillar could r.ot b<»
hidden even from the unobservant eye..
Esther was like wie carried suddenly
Inttf some scene of the Moorish fables;
and when her guide drew the curtain
back, and showed her the room la
which Arthur waited, she he3itated tor
a moment upon the threshold a »
though uncertain of herself and or th»
truth. The hall Itself had but the
scantiest furniture; a low couch served
for chair and bed; an Eastern tab!*
showed a battered coffee-pot cheek by
Jowl with a common cup. One great
rug spread out upon the floor lent th»
color so sadly needed. Light streamed
dimly through the veiling cupola; it
fell upon the face of a sleeping nan,
whosa cloak covered hi3 tired limbs.
whose hand rested knuckle downward
upon the pavement. He did not hear
the Intruders, his sleep was dreamless;
but burning lips upon hla own waked
him. and, starting up. he caught the
little figure in his arms.
"Esther! it is Esther! Of course it
would be! And I fell asleep— yes, I hav»
been waking for thirty hours; and th»
bed is soft. Say that I am a brute! I
did not even dream!"
He laughed boyishly, and still ho!<j-
Ing her hands he sprang up and drew
her to the light. She feared his gaze.
for she knew how greatly she wa«
changed, and hiding her face upon his
breast she would not look at him.
"Let me read your story!" he crisif,
raising her chin with a gentle hand.
"Yes. you have been doubting, too. lit
tle wife — you cannot hide it from me—
the eyes tell me bo! You have been say
ing 'If!* You axe changed, sweet— but It
gives you something which you never
had. Yes, I do not flatter you; there Is
life In your eyes now; once there Teas
only the dream!"
She hta her face from him again,
knowing not how to speak her mes
enge; but he led her out Into the sun
light, and putting his arm about her
began to pace the courtyard as though
no secret lay between them and this
was a common day of an uneventful
life.
"I expected that they would lend
you — you are their natural messenger.
They would play upon your love for me
and use It for their own ends. Of
course they threaten me. Don't be
afraid to say so, Esther. Old Xavler
told you to come — he Is waiting at th«
palace for you to bring him an an
swer?"
She admitted that It was bo.
I THE SAN/. FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
DOCTOR XAVIER
2come; but the scene was unchanged,
the mob, if anything, more dense; the
sunshine more brilliant. The outcry
died down as suddenly as It had arisen.
The people waited patiently when the
knife did not clinch their arguments.
She returned to the fireside, and stir
ring the lagging embers, drew her chair
close to them. Ages seemed to pass
before the merry trooper returned, full
of the story of the morning. She ques
tioned him eagerly, forgetful of her
dignity, desirous only to know. He re
plied as readily, for he was proud of
the authority of knowledge.
The Prince, he said, carried himself
splendidly. His appearance In the
streets pleased the people. The priests
were on his side but the bourgeoisie
were against him. His judges took
their orders from the Duke of Montal
van and were not to be trusted. The
Prince's answers had embarrassed
them exceedingly. They charged him
with receiving money from the French
Government and intriguing with the
Carllsts. But the count of treachery
was one upon which they chiefly relied.
He would have sold Cadi to Franca,
they said, in return for a command In
the French arrriy and the Income of a
Prince. Of the more personal indict
ment this honest fellow had the sense
to say nothing. He did not tell her
that her own name had moved the
crowd to a frenzy of anger, that she
was spoken of as one in the pay of the
French Government, styled **» well
known adventuress, by whose Intrigue
the Prince had been inreijUd to Eng
land." An honest fellow, he held his
tongue about this. Why should he
grieve her* He believed that she
would hava enough to softer by and by.
"Mother Guanares is In the kitchen,"
he said. "I promise you something
good for breakfast The win* la the
white stone of the loftiest buildings.
The steps of the hotel were a glittering
sheen of rainbow hues, to which the
crimson i robes of the Judges # and the
white uniforms of the guard lent their
staring contrasts. The crowd Itself
swayed like a shimmering field of hu
man corn. Fierce but brief tumults de
clared the latent passion of angry par
ties. The gendarmes were everywhere,
cajoling-, threatening, beating the peo
ple back.with the flats of their swords.
All seemed to wait for some figure ne
cessary to the pageant and its story.
Esther knew that they waited for her
husband. She needed.no logician's wit
to understand that she had- been Im
prisoned in that very apartment to be
the spectator of Arthur's humiliation.
SOch *a' shallow device " earned j her Just
scorn. She resolved that she would
yield nothing to persecution or to
"You haven't thought of It,' I sup
pose, madame, or It would not be news
to you," he said. .- VThe first thing I do
when I go to a new house is to look' out
of the window. *You never know -what
may happen. Now, if you will please
stand over there, you will see as well
little flight of stairs. If you want to
see what is going on at the Hotel de
Ville you*have only, to look out of your
window. They say the .Prince is to be
there by. and by— God forbid, say I!".
He was a cheery gossip, who bustled
about the room and performed.unne
cesary services in an unnecessarily
clumsy, way. Knowing something of
the circumstances In which an English
lady had become a prisoner In the'Bar-
tlzan Tower, he yet pretended ignor
ance, and chattered on as though it
were a fete day in'the Joys of which he
could not participate.
overlooked. She foresaw that this very
paper might be used In evidence
against tha man they would condemn.
She feared to commit herself, feared
her refusal! The thread of an answer
would be caught up In her -mind to be
lost Immediately in a tangle of her ar
guments. Had she but one friend in
Cadi, then might word have been sent
to Paris and its Government. But she
knew that she had none. Never had
she been more utterly alone.
The pen tumbled from her unwilling
fingers — she said that she would an
swer nothing. Colonel Varez found her
new resolve unshaken when he -re
turned at' the appointed time. He had
not expected It, for; like many, in the
city, he believed that she was an ad
venturess and - would - sell - herself rfor
money.
"L fear you did not understand me,
"Your ministry is most discreet!"
she retorted. "I am glad to see that I
am so important a personage. When
this preposterous charge is a little
more definite, I shall be quite ready to
defend myself. Really, I must be a
very clever woman!"
He bowed gravely, for no man had
seen Colonel Varez smile; and calling
to a trooper who waited upon the stair
case, he bade him bring paper and
pens.
"I am merely the servant, madame;
permit me to decline any argument.
The Duke awaits your answer In a
matter which Is more urgent. Please
make it as soon as possible; I will re
turn In half an hour."
He strode from the room, and the
heavy door shut with a clang which
re-echoed through the empty building.
A trooper had left a sheet of paper
with pen and ink upon the table, and
for a while Esther stood wondering
what she should write and with what
unknown' consequences. She was still
wearing the winter cloak in which she
had gone to the citadel, and her first
act was to loose it and throw It over
the wooden chair, where Its bright lin
ing of pink silk gave a patch of wel
come color to that dismal place. There
after she knelt before the fire and
warmed her chilled fingers and shud
dered a little in that atmosphere of
damp and evil humors. The plain fact
that the gates of a prison had closed
upon her at last troubled her less than
the base intrigue which would hava
made her the agent of her husband's
compliance. Though she had been pre
pared for threats and entreaties, a cer
tain confidence In the ultimate triumph
of Justice had upheld her until this
time; but here, within this cell, hope
Now, at last, she knew the truth of her
position; and her sense of humor re
maining to her, she could laugh at the
folly which named her as a servant of
France.
Colonel Varez carried her message to
the ministry at seven o'clock, and at
eight the trooper entered' her cell with
coffee and bread. She welcomed this
intrusion and was grateful for the fogd
he offered her. Her grief had left her
weak and cold; and when the first pas
sion of it was over, she sat for a ful\
hour oblivious of her surroundings and
their significance.
"The bread is bad but the coffee- is
good, madame." the fellow said. "I
will t-te- the cook by and by and do
better for you to-morrow. My mother,
Guanares, will be up here' just now,
ar.d then she will make us comfortable.
Your bedroom is at the top of that
CHAPTER XX.
into a passionate flood of tears.
defied her and she would not barter
with It. Her love-dream, so brief, was
surely done with now! She saw herself
cast out to the world to mourn eter
nally the man without whom life had
no meaning. '"When she staggered^ up
from her knees the pallor of death was
upon her face, her eyes were blind so
that she could scarcely find the paper.
She sank heavily into the chair, and for
many minutes did not raise her face
from those arms which hid it from the
light.
What should she write? What must
her answer be to him who so tortured
her, who had found her out in London
but seven months ago and saved her
for this! Better, she said, that it had
ended then; better the degradation, the
poverty/ the humiliation than this vi
sion of the dream, this knowledge of
love and light and the surpassing hour
of woe. She had not asked the help of
any man. Destiny might have spared
her so easily! And now she must repay
to the uttermost farthing for her brief
respite. If she could but stand with
Arthur before' his judges to answer
them as he would answer them, to hear
their judgment and suffer it, then, in
deed, might this self-accusation avail
her. But she knew that the wish was
vain. The dread thought came to her
that the eternal farewell might have
been spoken. She sobbed aloud, heart
broken and believing the worst.
The minutes passed slowly in a si
lence upon which neither the city's
voice nor any sound within the prison
intruded. Esther could hear her own
heart beating as she took up the pen
and set il down again upon an empty
page. What should she write? How
should she answer them? Should she
say that her husband counted upon the
justice of his countrymen? Should she
defend him? Or should it be the bold
defiance, threat for threat, the braver
resolution? The cleverness which cc-m-
Delled. her to answer at all was not
"The Duke, my master, is greatly
distressed that the ministry permits
y«>u no better accomodations. nuidame.
His influence has not been able to or
der it otherwise. I will not disguise it
from you that your relations with the
French Government are responsible for
this severity. You will be asked ques
tions concerning that presently; but
until they arc put to you. I am com
manded to hold you a prisoner In this
house."
He stood aside to permit her to enter
the dismal cell, and for a little while
she regarded it with open-eyed aston
ishment. Logically, perhaps, she pre
ferred this open declaration of hostility
to the sham courtesies of yesterday.
ace which, though she knew it not,
was called "the prison." Massive
walls, loopholed windows, spoke of the
antiquity of the Princes of Cadi five
hundred years ago, and In the days of
Spain's bigotry many an offender had
breathed his laet within those gloomy
portals. Here, upon the first floor, in
that which ence had been the barti
zan of the fortress, an apartment was
prepared for Esther, bo cheerless, so
bare, that no priso-n cell would have
spoken more eloquently of captivity.
Damp-stained walls displayed no other
ornament than that of their wheels of
swords and rusted armor. Save for one
little casement overlooking the square
before the Hotel de Ville, the windows
were but loopholes In battlements of
rock. A gigantic fireplace, with a rude
oaken ingle, nursed a smoldering fire of
steaming logs. The air reeked of damp
and disuse. One solitary chair set
against a table that would not have
adorned a kitchen. The sunbeams fall
ing upon the cold stone pavement fo
cused rays of prismatic light in which
the dust cf ages floated. L5ut every
where the nature of the room was de
clared; it was a prison, neither more
nor less; even Colonel Varez admitted
that.
be everywhere — here drilling In square
or barracks, there marching with flags
flying and drums rolling 1 , now escorting
a minister or riding at a canter to the
rendezvous before the great Hotel de
.Ville. The air of unrest was universal.
Esther's quick eyes detected the barri
cades before the shops; she read men's
faces, and could imagine that but one
story occupied her mind. They were
asking what verdict must be pro
"nounced by Arthur's Judges to-day.
Would it be life or death, sunshine or
the darkness, the Judgment of mercy or
the pitiless decree of the dictator and
the rebel? Would this kingdom re
rounce the son of those who for five
hundred years had preserved her free
dom, or could she recall the tradition of
her loyalty and save him even yet? Es
ther* knew not. She could learn no
thing from those active scenes and
troabled faces. The soldier by her side
c sat stern and silent. A day of gentle
breezes and dazzling, sunlight mocked
* the passions which stfrred all hearts.
The carriage went rapidly, as though
the driver feared recognition. In the
courtyard of the palace Esther per
ceived for the first time that her desti
nation was not the apartment she had
quitted. They drove her to the south
ern wing, to an old quarter of the pal-
He did not permit her to continue;
but clasping: her suddenly in his arms
fof-bade the promise.
'"No!' he said, •"not that — I will not
hear it! If 1 have learned "to play a
man's part, was it not your lesson *
Shall 1 ?ive up the most precious thing
In life for a chimera, a pretense of
place and power fu empty that, but for
you, I- would turn my back on it for
£.*<&': S>>. nu, dealest wife, we v.ill face
the worid tugt-ihtr! The nearest ray of
sunlight that falls on me shall light
your sweet face too! Let the end be
wt'.l or ill. my home is here, in the
heart of the woman I love!"
.^he did not argue with him. nor had
5 rl|e the courage to Insist. His passion
ate love for ht-r had been so much the
dictator of her actions since Doctor
' Xav;,-r ielt h< j r in Paris that the day
- . i to hive passed when she could
Deijher withstand or deny it. She
!ihv.v that he spoke *he truth, that she
*aV ±'.l to him. and that without her
.:« had no gift.
'I bave no will but yours, dearest."
•*...-' BaJd. "God help us to do that
u"if<-h Us right! A::d yet I must answer
:'.u::i to-day — ah. what shall I say?
ivhiuf shall I tell them?"
That they are cowards to send my
wife to me — that I laugh at their
threats and deny their authority. Tell
«ih.-?m that. S:iy that I count upon my
friends and the honor of my country,
and that I shall know how to defend
those wh<* are faithful to me. If any
one insults you, remember his name,
for I swear thst he shall answer me!
, Can you remember that, little Esther?"
"I r^m^mber nothing but your love,"
she pleaded.
The appointed hour drew swiftly to
, Its close. Lovers still in the first dream
cf surrender, they lost themselves in
th# promise of to-morrow and brushed
aside so lightly the reality of to-day.
Each in his own heart said, "The worst
cannot be; we shall find a way." Lips
pressed to lips, hands locked in hands,
they were like children of springtime,
hoping ever and faithful to the dawn
lr.g Eummer. If Esther remembered
the shadow, if the truth came frown
ing In the sunshine, eyes were closed to
Jt and ears .deafened. It could not be
that destiny would so deal with them,
sajrlng, "Here must the eternal fare
well be spoken." When Colonel Varez
surprised them, their laughter echoed
In the courtyard. A painter, he said,
would have named the picture price
less.
He was a man of traditions, doing his
duty stubbornly, and yet not incapa
ble, when duty were done, of enthus
iasms ar.d the recreation of the parti
san. His fidelity to the Prince was Just
such as the law of his country pre
mltted. He carried the Council's au
thority and never questioned it. Obe
dience to the letter of the law was his
Culdlng principle — he returned to the
courtyard when sixty minutes exactly
had expired, and asking no questions
nor permitting any, he bade Esther
follow him and drove straightforth to
the palace.
The city was awake by this time, and
many a gossip at a cafe's door, many
an old woman upon her way to church,
discussed the events of that waking
n'«»jht and the greater act which the
day must witness. Troops seemed to
She Furrendered to the spirit of this
masterful confidence. There is nothing
that a woman 50 much admires in a
man as courage; r.nd whatever else he
lacked. Arthur of Cadi was never
charged with a craven's part. She her
• elf knew so little of his people or of
their affairs that much which he de
battd left her perplexed and hesitating.
If she had a premonition, it was that
one who was brave and headstrong
pitted himself apainst the subtle craft
of the diplomatist and the schemer;
and *\ hen ehe permitted herself to
think cf this she trembled for his
aafety.
The last, the very last to wish it.
dear husband." the 6aid with unwonted
earnestness. "Promise me that what
ever happens it shall not be— well, be
cause you love me. Oh, I know what
this costs you! Sometimes I could say,
let me go atray. forget me. forget that
I have lived! Is net your happiness
sufficient for me — "
appealed. to France. As it is. the old
fox will find the better way. Oh. yes, 1
?ee it quite clearly. T^cre will be a
:nock trial at the Hotel de Ville; 1 shall
b4 accused of state offenses; the Duke
•"HI pose as my friend— a. new kind of
devil's advocate! If he can work the
people up to it. he may strike at my
life— it depends upon his pluck and the
French Government. I do not care a
fig for banishment now. Esther; but I
should be a coward to sive up my
country without a struggle. That is
t^here the dr.nger lies. I must call my
friends to my side and the issue will be
the sword. It cannot be anything else
—you would be the last to wish it!"
are always anxious at the
wrong time; they do not measure the
probabilities. If you had been a poli
tician, you would have known better.
My death would not have served Old
Xavkr as well as my life. A popular
tentiment Js a dangero-us thing; it for
gives much to a man who ts dead, and
tberc are his heirs to consider. My
bi other. Prince Ferdinand, would have
jHe kissed her, grateful for her srti
citu.de. Her troubles were in his mind
before his own.
me — and I do not think I have ever
been eo glad to see a man In all my
!ife."
•"In all your life?"
"You know what I mean, dearest.
Just consider; I did not even know if
.you were alive or dead!"
He took a step toward her and held
out his hand. .
"I salute a brave woman!" he said.
She did not speak. .'Her lips, were
twitching, her eyes dilated and turned
full upon his own. Not until he left her
did she break down utterly and burst
fountain, contributed its quotum to
that mighty audience,, always pic
turesque and entirely heterogeneous.
The display of color was worthy of a
southern race, she said. Flags, ban
nerets." gay tapestries covered up th*
a brave part, answering lies with scorn
and conspiracy with Indifference.
When a volley of applause from the
square heralded some greater event,
she forgot her resolution and ran to the
window, believing that the end had
madame," he said. "The Duke Is wait-
Ing for his answer."
She stood up bravely, and all \her, dig
nity helping her, she pointed' to the
paper.
"It is there. Colonel." .
He did not reproach her; her surprise
mastered him, and he folded up &e
paper deliberately and with method.
"Madame," he asked at last,, "are you
aware what this means?" .¦
"I am aware, Colonel."
"That I am carrying your husband's
'death warrant?" .
She did not flinch.
"I know it," she said, unshaken.
as the best of. them. We shall have
trouble by and by, and some one will
be killed. They say there are two
thousand guards in the square. I do
not. know, I have not counted them.
But you can see it all, madame, if you
care for such things."
Esther heard with surprise. From
her window she could look down upon
the square before the Hotel de Ville,
and upon the crowds already gathered
there; and she wondered that curiosity
had not sent her there before. Though
the scene was viewed from afar, no de
tail of its picture escaped her. Every
window, every roof, tree and wall and f
threats, and withdrawing from the
window she sat again at the table and
drank her coffee and ate the sour
bread, and shut her ears to the omi
nous cries.
The bells of the cathedral, muffled by
those tremendous walls, chimed the
hour of eleven before the brief repast
was over. If she had any consolation of
suspense, it was that the ordeal must
be brief. She could see it so clearly In
her mind; the dimly lighted court, the
blazing uniforms, the scarlet robes,
the stern figures — one man against a
nation, and he alone! Loyalty to he*
"ideals said that the prisoner would play
For an Instant a wild light of hope
Illumined her eyes. Had he come to
tell her this? Was the brutality but a
veil? She had no pride left when she
saw that It might be so.
"I know nothing," she retorted; "how
could I? Who cares that I should
know?"
"I care, madame; my solicitude
brought me to this room to-night.*
"Then your solicitude finds no
thanks."
He fell to the measured step again.
regarding her with half-closed eyes
which told him how greatly she suf
fered. She would have given years of
her life to have had her Question an
swered, but of him she could ask no
thing. When he halted before her for
th» second time his manner changed
to one of unusual Insolence.
"You are clever enough for any
thing," he said, "clever enough and
pretty enough for anything, my little
English lady. Yes, I said that when I
saw you for the first time seven months
ago— a pretty woman who can be made
beautiful, a wise head which will fas
cinate, rule, lead any man who has not
the will to resist It— my diagnosis was
correct, madams. You have served m»
faithfully — I could not hava found a
better Instrument in all Europe."
He laughed Boftly, and holding the
candle aloft, would bar* looked upon
her face; but she turned with an angry
gesture, and In splt» of h*r resolution.
she asked him the Question.
"I'would to God that I wer* * man!"
she cried bitterly; "it is so snf» to In
sult a woman who has no friends. If
my husband were free — "
"You are aware that he Is free, then."
"The ministry compels it,** he said,
folding his hands behind his back and
pacing the stone floor like one think
ing deeply. "I have protested, but they
will not hear me. Evil tongues have
been at work, madame; they pay you
the compliment of calling you a «py.**
She laughed a little bitterly.
"I am flattered." she said. "I did not
know that I possessed tha brains for
that."
"Then you are «lngralarly modest,
madame. I should say that you ha.v«
too much brains to be any such thins;
and I am a Judge of brains."
The assumption of a new virtu* nat
tered him . and h» stood bef or* h»r ta
repeat it.
"Yes," he continued, like one convino-
Ing himself of a pleasant attribute, "a
judge of brains, madame. I know wlsa
men and I know wise women. Knowl
edge brings me here to-night— a plain
man of business to make a business
bargain." .
The hours found her attltudo un
changed. She was unconscious of tlmo
or place, oblivious of self. An excited
imagination painted for her anew the
terrible story of the day and corrected
the brighter picture. She beheld the
crowded court, the set faces of th»
Judges, the beloved figure at the bar;
»he heard the musin of a voice, the
monotone of counsel, the judgment.
"He is guilty!" Ar.d then her prayer
would be raise,' anew end she would
say, "Folly, folly! it is not true — he is
free — he v.ill come to me."
The crowd without dispersed quickly
when judgment had been pronounced —
the women to their homes, the men to
the cafes. If an unwonted restlessness
stirred the city, but little expression of
it C7as permitted in th/s streets. By
nine o'clock the square before the Ho
tel de Vilie had resumed Its normal aa
pect save for the patro! of thd guard
and the vigilant gendarmes. Night
came down in the mantle of spring; a
gentle breeze wafted the musio of bells;
the moonbeams fathomed th» crabbed
streets and shone gloriously In tho opun
squares. Within the prison there was
no sound save of the chapel bell
and the sentry's foot. As the night
wore on and none visited her, Esther's
anguish passed all words. "Would they
never teil her — would none take piiy
on her? This torturing question was
answered all unexpectedly by nona
other than Francisco Xavler himself,
who came to, the palace at ten o'clock,
carrying a lantern and unheralded. Es
ther said that he entered her cell like a
figure of some evil dream, but she did
not shrink from him; he found her the
mistress of herself and cf her dignity.
And his first word was characteristi
cally apologetic.
"Madame," he said. "I am very sorry
to find you In this place."
She bowed her head and waited for
him to go on. When the trooper had
brought a pair of candles and set them
one at each side of his lantern, tin
Duke bade her seat herself.
The court pronounced Us Judgment
at five o'clock In the afternoon, and nva
mlnute3 later a thunder of sounds In
the great square winged a message to
the lonely prisoner. At first Esther
understood those triumphant cries of
Joy to be the heralds of acquittal, and.
rising with beating heart, she went to
the window and looked out ones more
upon the turbulent scene. It was full
dark by this time, and lights twinkled
In all the windows of the square. Mon
strous arc lamps cast their pal* glow
upon the swaying multitudes, and from
the hotel itself there poured forth an
unbroken human stream of sold!;;-*
and citizens and the audience cf trial.
By every corner. In all the doorways,
even at the windows of the houses, men
argued with men and debated the tre
mendous news: while troopers backed
their horses through the serried ranks
and began to drive the people to their
homes. Passion dominated the seen •»
and even claimed its dead, but no one
spoke that word which had been as a
gift of love or death to the figure at the
window. Though the pressed her burn
ing eye close to the misted glass and
listened intently to that babel of voices,
the torture of the doubt remained. Wa3
Arthur guilty or Innocent, a free man
or a prisoner, condemned or ap
plauded? Vain hope! For every hun
dred voices that cried his name tlv»
hundred acclaimed the Duke of Mon
talvan and bade him rhmv himself.
Carriage after carriage drove at a gal
lop through those shiftin;* ranks; but
in none of them was there any fac»
which told the story. And so there
came to her reluctantly the dread
thought, "He 13 condemned — Arthur is
condemned!" and from that moment
ehe shut the sishta from her eye3. and.
falling upon her knees, she prayed fur
her lover's life.
.Esther thanked him for his davotlon,
though she could not share his faith.
"When ha brought her an excellant
breakfast, she tried to eat -with appe
tite, ljut It was a mere pretense. Th»
Intolerable day dragged out Its de
pressing hours. It would never end,
she thought.
cellar here Is as old as the bishops. Ws
will drink the Prince's health— he'll
beat them yet. be sure of It! He's a
tongue In his head and knows how to
use It."
THE SAN ' FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
3The troops entered the city at eight
o'clock, and rumors of the miracle her
alded their approach, and brought anx
ious faegs to every window. The doors
of the churches stood open now, and
priests there awaited confirmation of
the wonder. The very poor accepted
the story without question, saying that
Inez of Cadi had come down from the
mountains to save their Prince's life!
Beggars bared their sores, cripples
dragged themselves to the payement's
edge and lay there blinking In the sun-
He cast down his eyes and stood ir
resolute. His troops caught the saying,
and repeated it from man to man.
"She is the Prince's wife — an omen,
friends! Heard you that? She asks
his life!" Anon they shouted altogether,
"Grace, grace! lead us down!"
The stern face wore a more kindly
look when next it was lifted to Es
ther's. • .¦¦':
"Madame," he said, "how shall I
answer 'these men?" .
"As a faithful friend to one who will
remember!". '
"You shall lead them!" he said.
He turned to the, troops and repeated
her saying: \ ;
"Here is one who will lead you to
your Prince; how shall it be, my men
— will you follow her?"
A mighty shout justified him.
"Viva, Inez!" they cried,, "we follow
— we follow!"
They called the colonel out, and Es
ther looked up quickly when she heard
his voice. Varez stood before her—Va
rez, the silent, the masterful.'"*He car
ried papers in his hands; his head was
bare. News of Xavier's death had. just
come to him; his sword lay In the bal
ance; and he cast It from scale to scale
like a man doubtful of the issues. For
he knew that the night had changed
all, and that it might yet save the
Prince. When he perceived the figure
upon the horse, the blue robe and the
golden stars, the faith of his youth
brought the blood to his cheeks and
sent a nervous hand to the hilt of his
sword. For the moment even he could
not read the riddle.
"Speak!" he cried; "what does this
woman do here?"
A thousand voices lifted the cry,
"Viva, Inez!"
He looked about him at the wonder
struck faces, the kneeling fanatics, and
the old x priest's uplifted arms. So he
understpodi
"Madame," he said in a low ' voice,
"what do you ask of me?" -. ••¦_'
| Esther pushed back her hood and re
garded him with ardent eyes.
"My husband's life!" she said.
amid the roses. And now the same
cloak served her in this remote place!
•Ita hood was drawn over her head, its
ample folds fell upon the ground at her
feet. The Moor regarded her approv
ingly * •• * the black eyes expressed
pleasure.
'.'Senora," he said, "here is your
horse. It is time. for us to show our
selves to the people."
A man brought a white horse from
a stable near by, and a pillion being
already upon its back, Esther was lift
ed there and took the reins between
her nerveless fingers. She knew noth
ing of that which they would do, nor
had she any hope other, than that
which would carry her speedily to Ar
thur's side. When they began to go
very carefully down the hillside toward
the white tents below she believed that
the road lay to the city and the prison.
In the camp itself, a new activity drew
the troopers from their tents and sent
the officers pell-mell for arms and
horses. News of the Spaniard's death
had just come to these outposts, and it
passed as tidings of a visitation which
would unite their nation's story. The
autocrat was dead, then! Vengeance
had struck him down: his enemies had
triumphed; his voice had been heard
in the city's councils for the last time.
Prophets predicted that reaction would
be swift to Come. Others, who were no
prophets, allowed the magnitude of the
blo-w and its possible consequences. "It
will help the Prince," they said; "it
may give him all!" The more timid
reminded themselves that Arthur of
Cadi was to be shot at nine o'clock;
they heard the cathedral .bell summon
ing the city to hear his last mass. And
by these the figure of the woman was
first perceived. They touched each
other upon the arm, crying, "Look yon
der!" A white horse upon the hillside,
a* blue robe, a fragile figure, a face of
surpassing sweetness — there was noth
ing here to command alarm; neverthe
less the curious pressed about the
travelers and crossed themselves in
awe. Fanatics exclaimed.^ "It is Inez
of Cadi, a miracle, a miracle!" A priest
fell upon his knees and touched the
earth with his forehead. The doubting
had the will to laugh, but held their
tongues notwithstanding. To all of
whom the Moor answered nothing, nor
wouid he open his lips to any man. His
way lay to the colonel's tent. Esther
herself^but vaguely understood what
legend awed the troopers or why they
crossed themselves at her coming. Mo
ment by moment the buzz of wonder
and surprise lifted a stronger voice and
became a violent clamor. Men stretched
out their hands to touch the hem of
her garment. Many tried to run at the
horse's head and to lead him; but the
Moor beat them back. When he spoke
they heard him with wonder.
"I bring you the wife of your Prince,"
he said.
They answered, "Viva, Viva!" All
the teachings of their race predisposed
them to belief. The more Ignorant
prostrated, themselves before that
which they deemed a miracle. The
wiser, hearing the name, believed It
was an omen, A thousand excited men
clamored about the horse when the
Moor demanded admittance to the col
onel's tent. Like news of a triumph
the word went from ear to ear, "Inez
of Cadi rides down from the moun
tains!" Salvos of welcome were heard
on the distant ramparts; the guard
beat the mob back with the butts of
their muskets.
"I must see your colonel," the Moor
said, with the lofty utterance of one
who ha's a mandate. "Let him know
that I am here." ,
"We must not go alone; Jhe air. is
keen, senora. Please wrap your cloak
about you— closer— closer. Let me see
how well you look in it— ah, the cheeks
are bright now, the eyes speak again.
Rise up, senora— the hour has come!"
She understood but little of that
which he did. The bright blue cloak in
which he had wrapped her was familiar
and recalled an impression of the past.
She had worn it before— but where, she
asked. Memory, gathering strength of
her impatience, told her at last; she
had worn it in Francisco Xavier's
house on the night when Arthur came!
She remembered how he had called her
Inez of Cadi, and had watched her
"Where am I?" she ksked wildly.
"What is It, Yussuf, what has hap
pened?"
"Senora," he said quietly, "much has
happened. A man is dead who deserved
to. die. I know his life; he deserved to
die. You— you know nothing; you were
not as the others!"
She did not understand him; her
thoughts were Inconsequent and capri
cious. The present compelled her rues
tions. What had happened? How had
she escaped the cell?
"You must tell me everything," was
her passionate command; "I have the
right to know. Where' Is. my husband
— where are you taking me?"
"To him, • senora, in . my own time.
Listen: the French have forbidden his
death, but. the people may demand it.
I do not know; the day will tell us.
Yussuf is your * friend— he has been
your friend many months. Obey s him
and he will be your servant. Here is
the Inn — we shall breakfast, senora."
The carriage stopped as he spoke be
fore the door of an ,inn which lay a
mile to the south of the city's ram
parts. The road had carried them up
ward toward the pine forests and the
pass. Countless white tents of the reg
iments, called in to quell the tumults,
dotted the grassland; and troopers
moved briskly from door to door, their
blue uniforms looking brighter" 1 still in
the sunshine. ¦ The city itseft lay
wreathed still In the morning mists;
bells chimed the Angelus, muffled and
indistinctly. .
Her obedience to the Moor was un
questioning. Odd, indeed, tliat of all
the /riends whom had sent,
this man alone remained to befriend
her. Her faith in him was absolute.
She believed that he would take her to
her husband. *'». , ! f ¦ ¦
"We need all our strength," he said;
as one who foveda mystery. "We
shall breakfast at this inn, senora. The
hours are few— they must find us faith
ful!" ;.? -y- - . -,: y_
"Senora," he said, "let your courage
help you.' I take you to your husband.
Come, we are already late. It is 'fixed
for «ine o'clock. God help us to be In
time, senora!" • -
She paled at his words,. and stood up
at once. She knew of what he spoke.
The word recalled instantly the threat
of yesternight, the trial, the. document.
"Take me to * him— now!" she ex
claimed. '- - * •
His eyes lighted with a certain pleas
ure at her impatience.
In a carriage driven swiftly away
from the southern ramparts of Cadi,
Esther opened her eyes when a quarter
of an hour had passed and perceived
that the sun was shining. A swarthy
figure upon the seat before her regard
ed her with a woman's tender eyes.
She did not know why the Moor sat
there or recollect the circumstance of
her deliverance. , ' ¦ x ,
"Senora!" he said, "look up— it Is the
day!"
"It is I— Esther— I am here! They
have killed Doctor Xavier — please help
me! Oh, my God, what shall I do!"
The Moor caught the outstretched
hand m an iron grip, and held up the
fragile figure which fell swooning in
his arms. He lifted it as a trivial bur
den and flung a cloak about its face.
Keys at his girdle opened the heavy
door and admitted him to the court
yard. None challenged him in the
sunny court without. The sentry read
his passport as the merest formality.
"So France has saved the little Eng
lish woman!"
It was the man's only comment.
• * *
The summons came, oddly enough,
not from the courtyard before the Bar
bican Tower, but from that room of
shadows she had fled in such terror.
For an Instant a terrible suspicion al
most stilled her heart. Was it Xavier
who spoke, or another? She peered
into the envelope .of darkness, vainly
trying to discern a face. A man was
descending the narrow Staircase with
stealthy tread.- His white bernouse
took shape in the straggling light; his
long brown robe trailed upon the stairs.
She knew that it was Yussuf, the Moor,
and with a sob of relief and joy she
stretched out • her • hands to him and
bade him hasten.
Esther remembered at this time the
n;erry trooper, and how he had spoken
of the mother Guanares and of her
presehce in the prison.- It was her con
solation to assure herself that the man
would return to her cell at daybreak,
bringing her chocolate and the gossip
of the barrack-room. She counted the
minutes until he should come* fever
ishly afraid even of the morning light
and half belfcving that the dead man
still lived. When she heard a voice at
last, she believed that the. tropper
spoke and she staggered to her feet and
responded like one snatched from a liv
ing tomb.
"Yes, yes— who is it?— I am here!"
case, ar.d whsn the reluctant dawn
came straggling through the' loopholed
windows, she stood up with numbed
limbs and Woodless fingers, saying that
day must bring release. Already a
faint murmur of the city's wakening
life sent its message even to that close
retreat. She heard the reveille sounded
in the distant barracks. Jangling bells
summoned the peasantry to mass; a
sergeant's voice commanded the chang
ing of the guard. For the, second time
she would have raised the alarm, and
beating loudly upon the door she
thought to make the sentries hear her;
but none responded, none answered to
her kne-ck.
"Under other circumstances. Con
sider: your husband Is obeying a fool
ish hallucination. He will go to the
scaffold for a tradition five hundred
years too old for the age; one person
alone can zave him. The city, names
you as the agent of his downfall; It re
fuses to regard you as his wife. If you
She regarded him unflinchingly. •
"And the. word? Oh, I understand
that I must pay. You offer me some
thing; what is it?"
"Your husband's life, your own lib
erty, an honorable position in England,
a generous recompense from my Gov
ernment—those are my proposals."
"You have made that offer before."
She pushed the parchment from her,
for she knew that when it was signed
Arthur would not have an hour to live.
Such a challenge failed utterly if It
were meant to shake her resolution.
She left the paper upon the table and
resumed her old attitude.
"Why do you show me that?" she
aeked, a little absently; "what has It
to do with me?"
"So much that at a word from you
I will burn it in yonder embers."
He laughed at his own mistake and
took another paper from the pocket of
his cape.
"I had forgotten," he said; "that Is
the document. Read it carefully and
note that there is a line left blank.
Some one must sign the paper pres
ently; ah! you cannot see— shall I read
it, then?"
"I admit nothing," she said; "my
husband has answered you once for
all."
"Then your husband is an obstinate
fool, lady. Will he sacrifice his life for
an empty throne which he has no de
sire to fili? I do not believe it. He
has too much sense — he knows that we
are wise enough to be generous. I, my
self, will answer for his honor before
Europe. What more does he ask? I
tell you that he is mad to refuse."
"He asks for justice," was her
quiet response; "what right have you
to judge him? None — you have none!"
He crossed the room and laid a paper
upon the table before her.
"There Is my authority, madame," he
cried, as one aping the manner of the
theater. "Oblige me by admitting it!"
Esther took the paper in her nervous
fingers and turned to the table to read
it. The light was dim and uncertain;
he held a candle that she might see,
and, holding It, could detect the rapid
beating of her heart and the hot blood
which flushed her cheeks while she
read.
"It is not in English," she exclaimed
presently; "I do not understand Span
ish, Doctor Xavier."
He paused, believing that her curi
osity would interrupt him, but she had
nothing to say and he resumed:
"Yes, a task which the night must
finish or the day will find forever un
done. I fear it is that, madame — to say
'yes* or 'no' before the sunrise or to
hold our tongues forever." .
She quailed at the threat, but she did
not lift her eyes or protest that it was
otherwise. Her hesitation satisfied him.
He continued in a more decided tone:
"When I sent you to the citadel this
morning it was in my head that you^
would achieve nothing. The circum
stances were changing, the end uncer
tain. I foresaw that you would be
guided by events. The verdict might
be in your favor or the people vacillat
ing; there was still a hope of French
action. The day has altered all that;
we are confronted with fresh facts and
must consider them. At least you will
admit that it is different?"
"I Fhall not trouble you with any
particulars/' he resumed, falling to
the monotonous step again like one
upon a quest of words; "the court has
heard the evidence and has found our
friend guilty. The rest is our work.
I told you this morning: when I sent
for you to the crtadel that you could
save the Prince; you chose to ignore
my warning. It would be a craven
act to remember that you did so: I
forget it, madame. I am content that
v/e begin anew a task 'which the night
must finish."
"Thai is the judgment of the court,"
he repeated unctuously; "it may or
may not be final, madame." .
"I understand you— God help me!"
she said.
He was not displeased that she
should meet him frankly. Like a
shrewd merchant he knew that this
was the hour of sale and barter. He
had> much to* offer; she had something
to sftve.
She drew fhe ciiair to the fireside
at his bidding, her chin resting- upon
her hands, her arms vcpon her knees.
The ebb and flow of the flickering
blaze touched her pale face with the
tides of light. Her eyes were tearless,
her nerves quivering. He understood
what silince cost her.
She tried to speak, but her voice
failed. Though her face was turned
from him he could hear her Bobbing
Jike a child in the silence of the night.
"Your husband, madame," he said,
in a tone so low that she could scarce
ly hear him, "your husband has been
found guilty by his judges and will be
shot at dawn."
She turned and faced him. He set
down the candle and snuffed the wick
wilh his fir.gers. His task was prov
ing more dhTlcult than he had imagined
it. Her self-ccrmmand baflled him.
"I came," be said at length, "not as
the bearer of III news—"
"Ah, it is ill .news, then; I see— I see,
you would not be here if it were not.
They condemn my husband, and you
are the first to tell me of it. Thank
you. I am very much obliged."
Her voice had grown a little hysteri
cal, and the irony of grief showed her
to less advantage. Xavier welcomed
his opportunity; he believed that he
t-L-uld profit by It.
He unloosed his cloak and let It fall
back from his shoulder. A flare of the
embers upon the hearth cast out a
ruddy flame and set his face in a frame
of the bro^vn-gold light. The whole
figure was sinister and yet not unim
pressive. It might have betn that of
a great man surprised in* the hour of a
crime.
The story of Esther Venn and her re
lations with the kingdom of Cadi is too
recent in its- more public phase that we
should carry it any further in these
pages. Standing with her husband be
fore the altar of the cathedral of St.
Ignatius, she herself has answered
those evil tongues which a woman's
victory must ever loosen. Henceforth
her life is to be lived In that old-world
palace, wherefrom for a thousand years
the princes of her city have ruled a
willing people. By faith she conquered,
by love will she be justified. She was
CHAPTER XXII.
They knelt together before the altar,
and the old priest blessed them. Sun
shine was upon their faces, joy in their
hearts. To the God of their destinies
they offered their hearts and their lives.
But the people still cried, "A miracle!"
Esther has confessed that her mem
ory of this last great scene is but fitful
and unsure. From the moment when
Yussuf, the Moor, carried her from the
prison she was scarcely the mistress
of her own actions, and she heard and
saw all things as in a picture or her
sleep. Even the words she spoke were
forgotten. She could recollect nothing
of her appeal to Colonel Varez, or the
act which had placed her at the head
of his troops. Thereafter she lived for
an hour in wonderland. The madness
of worship sounded in her ears like the
murmur of a distant sea. She beheld
countless faces, and carried the image
of some of them— the faces of loving
women, of beggars by the wayside, of
old priests at their church doors. For
the rest, the panorama changed too
quickly that she could recollect It.
Street succeeded to street, throng to
throng; she perceived the multitudes
above, the multitudes below; she heard
the 3welllng music, the clatter of the
hoofs. But her thoughts wers always
carrying her forniiid, over th<» thrjnqs
as upon the wings of impatience to the
great churchyard and its golden altars.
They ¦ told her afterward that men
would have lifted her from her horse
at the church door but that she denied
their right; and, riding in, entered
without question, like one whose Jour
ney was not yet done. In the cafhe
dral itself twenty thousand worshipers
heard the ringing hoofs upon the mar
ble flags and bent their heads before
the vision. Blue-robed priests at the
altar staved their ministrations and
turned to see who came. One man
alone awaited the messenger with con
fidence; his sword trailed upon the
marble floor,, beams of the radiant light
fell through the crimson glass and
struck down upon his gold cuirass; his
face was flushed, his arms outstretched
to the figure of his salvation. He it
was who lifted the figure from the
horse, he who held the trembling girl
in his strong arms and cried: ' ,
"My wife! my wife!"
A roar of sounds hailed the truth
and confessed the legend. Many knelt
and were half crushed with the press;
priests raised their hands in blessing;
strong men were silent and awed. Min
ute by minute the cavalcade drew
nearer, the music of the bands swelled
out In cadences more solemn, the pen
nons flutterjed on the breeze in Increas
ing numbers. The moments of wait
ing were intolerable by this time. Who
came then? What story was this? A
young girl riding upon a white horse,
what did she there? With one re
sounding note the people named her.
"Inez of Cadi!" they wailed, "it is Inez
of Cadi!" The salvos followed her to
the cathedral door. She entered there
like one whom all would worship.
To this city, careworn and resolute,
the messengers came down at the zen
ith of the hour. "Inez of Cadi in at the
head of two thousand!" they said. The
news. went as a voice of winds. Born
in superstition, the ignorant prostrated
themselves before the omen and ran
fanatically to greet it. The wiser shook
their heads and knew not what the
saying might mean. Priests called for
their robes and bade the faithful be
patient. Unrest and expectancy were
everywhere; little groups gathered at
all the corners, and were moved on by
a stern scldiery. Many a roof was
black with people; the great piazza be
fore the cathedral could not contain
the multitude.
For a full hour the burning curiosity
of these things went unsatisfied. Some
denied the messengers, some scoffed, a
very few were indifferent. Doubt had
wrestled with desire and won the
throw • • • but upon this the dis
tant rolling of drums was heard, and a
low volley of human voices welcomed
the figure of the miracle.
"Varez rides in!" they said, and then,
"It is not Varez, but another!" '
Soon the pageant shaped itself; the
sunlight fell upon the silver lances, the
silver and gold of that shining capari
son. Those above who had said that
Varez was at the head of the troop re
called their words, and named another
for the leader.
"It is a woman!" they exclaimed. And
then louder. "It is Inez of Cadi!"
shine. For the strife of parties ceased
at the momentous news of Xavier's
death; and the temper of reaction be
gan to make itself felt. A vo!te-face
worthy of a southern race alarmed the
partisan and encouraged the loyal. Men
said that no ministry would dare to go
on until events shaped more clearly
and the ground of opinion was proved.
The people were dazed before this se
quence of alarms. Some said that
Xavier's party would stake all upon
the throw, and hurrying the condemned
to execution would profit by his death.
Others hoped in France and had rumor
at their back. Day found a waking
city agape for the tides of fate. Al
most with the dawn a considerable
throng pressed about the cathedral
doors and waited for that solemn mo
ment when the man they had sworn
to serve should hear the holy office for
the last time. The market-place, the
park, the piazza swarmed with troops
looking for an emeute. Bells tolled
dismally; the crowd spoke in timid
whispers. The cafes were shuttered,
the shops all closed.
"The curse of God be upon your
palsied limbs!" — a maniac spoke and
laughed horribly — "as you sowed so
shall you reap — now-«now !"
He fell headlong and she stabbed the
prone body again and again. The lan
tern crashed upon the stone pavement;
the taole was overturned; the room lay
in darkness save for the ebbing glow of
the waning flre. None intruded upon
the scene; none came between the wo
man and the man. The awful laugh
ter subsided anon in a low groaning
sound as of a^ mother fondling a child.
To this silence succeeded; the shuffling
step was heard descending the stairs
one by one as though escape were a
labor. *r
Night engulfed the messenger of
death; Esther was alone, and the door
of her prison stood open.
persist the law must 'uito Its coUrss.
This man, who has been your friend,
will lose his life at dawn; you will bo
sent across the frontier, penniless and
branded as an adventuress. There will
be another President — we need r.ot
speak of him; he will be generous to
you. Renounce your title to this man's
protection."
"To his protection — how dare you?"
"Bear ¦ with me. In the history of
every court there is such a story as
yours— the wife whom governments
will not recognize and princes must
forget. I am compelled to speak frank
ly. You can save my Prince from the
scaffold; why should I Deat about the
buEh? Resign your claims upon him,
say that he is free, keep your secret,
return to your own country; my oath
shall be your security. . I swear to you
upon the cross that we will keep faith
with him. Let it be here and now the
solemn bond between us — ah! folly, you
ask his life, then — you send him to the
open grave."
He stepped back, the words broken
abruptly upon his lips. Her cry of an
ger and shame echoed like a low moan
in the silence of the night. Until that
moment he had never understood her
truly; but when she confronted him
for the last time, with blazing eyes
and heaving breast, and hands clenched
and cheeks on fire, he knew the wo
man and said that he had failed.
"Go!" she cried, a passion of hate
and despair breaking her voice; "if it
were my last word, I say got"
Her anger frightened him. It had
been no surprise to him if she had
fallen dead at his feet. Nevertheless,
he did not spare her — he had expected
such an outbreak.
"Since that is your answer, madame,"
he said deliberately, "I will return you
mine. Here are pens and ink — I am
going to sign this document without
delay."
She stood to watch him, quivering
like a leaf which a hot wind of night
Is blowing. He did not take his eyes
from her face while he spread out the
paper and felt for the mouth of the
inkstand with the pen which the troop
er had provided. When he had signed
the paper and dried the ink at the can
dle's flame, he would have continued
had he not been aware that the door
of the cell stood open and that some
one had entered It silently. A premo
nition of danger for which he could not
account stilled the word upon his lips
and sent his hand to his sword. A
figure from the shadows advanced with
shuffling step. It was that of a wo
man, gaunt and wan and terrible.
She shuffled up to him and her face
took shape in the aureole of the light.
Xo word was spoken; she did not ac
cuse him— asked nothing, declared no
intention. Some dreadful apparition
might have loomed up out of the stilly
night to break the word from the man's
lips and hold a young girl fascinated.
Esther, indeed, moved neither hand nor
limb. A scene long forgotten was being
enacted again before her startled eyes.
Once again she waited in the'garden of
roses; the fountain splashed in the sun
shine; a vain woman babbled vainly;
a face looked down upon her from a
¦window; she was afraid but silent.
And now she saw the fate again, the
hollow cheeks, the hectic flush, the
withered skin, the outstanding bones,
the lust of vengeance in the staring
eyes. And the man, no less, shrank
back; the pen tumbled from his hand,
great drops of sweat stood upon his
forehead.
"Who are you? what do you want?"
he cried, hoarsely.
The woman answered with resound
ing shrieks heard far beyond the prison
walls — a knife flashed in the air: she
struck at his throat and the blood
gushed out upon her arms and tattered
gown.
THE END.
He sealed his letter and sent it to
France to be her witness. If he wc-uld
have added aught, it had been that the
dawn broke upon a sleepless city, and
that tha voice of the multitude was
Esther's lullaby. The sunshine fell
upon her tired face and found her
dreaming. She slept upon her lover's
heart. »
We say that by her awn act in the
cathedral of St. Ignatius she saved her
husband's life, and this claim the years
have justified. Though she knew it
not, a straw had turned the people's
temper upon the day of his miraculous
deliverance. Francisco Xavier's tragic
end found a ministry unready and a
senate bewildered. While the timid
would have abandoned all, shielding
themselves behind the status quo. the
more resolute planned a tour de forte
which knew no law but that of misht.
Thus it befell that while one party
would annul the judgment and open
the prison gates, the other stood reso
lutely to its purpose and demanded
that the law should take its course. It
is true the French Government had al
ready determined to depart from its
accepted practice, and to interfere fi/r
the first time in twenty years in the
affairs of this little kingdom. But di
plomacy Is slow and riot speedy. At
the best mandate of France would have
saved Prince Arthur from the scaffold
if it had saved him at all. His life
hung upon a thread. The French sec
retary, Alfonse Manin, has admitted in
a letter to the Minister in Paris that
the thread had snapped but for a wo
man's courage and the faithful friend
ship which served in that hour of need.
"Colonel Varez has saved the day,"
the secretary wrote. "The allies he
found could exist nowhere but in this
city of legends. It is early yet to esti
mate precisely the extent to which the
people have acted upon their supersti
tions and the part which common sense
has played in their decision. Esther
Venn, whose marriage must now be
recognized by Europe, appealed suc
cessfully to a people long taught to ad
mire her race and to imitate it. She 13
clever, quick, undoubtedly courageous,
and her beauty will become a tradition.
I count It not a little remarkable that
a pupil of the dead man, Xavier de
Montalvan, should be the agent of hi3
undoing. It will be known to your Ex
cellency that this man's story is largely
one of those intrigues which blackened
an extraordinary character and pros
trated genius at the footstool of in
famy. That he was the possessor of a
vast intellect, I do not deny; that he
was the enemy of woman is equally
true. For years his leisure appears to
have been devoted to effeminate studies
which, by their very nature, unfitted
him for the healthier tasks. It is clear
that when first he met the English girl
he had no other objects than those
which must have been apparent to all
the world: but the arrival of Prince
Arthur at his house, and the interest
which was awakened by a very beauti
ful protegee, diverted his aims and
fathered this conspiracy. I have no
doubt that he believed the Prince's ruin
would be consummated by marriagr.
It was his object to keep his Highness
permanently away from Cadi. When
he found that prudence guided his mas
ter less than inclination, and that he
would return here in spite" of all, then,
and not until then, he resolved upon
his trial, and, it may be, his death. I
have already informed your Excellency
of the circumstances which have con
spired to defeat him. That he should
fall by a woman's hand is a just Ne
mesis with which none will quarrel. I
believe him to have been the enemy of
French interests and the paid servant
of Spain. Now that he is dead none
regrets him. The city has been drugged
for many months past by smooth
tongued agitators, who applauded bon
dage and cried heaven to witness that
a dictator would save the republic.
• • • Their influence being removed,
the spontaneous loyalty of a servile
race is very ready to assert itself.
Writing to-night in my rourn overlook
ing the church of St. Ignatius, I must
turn to a dead age to recall a scene of
national rejoicing so abandoned and so
picturesque. Modernity has lost its en
thusiasms. We can wave a flag and
ring a bell, perhaps dine overwell at
the Cafe Anglais, or sup with a becom
ing air of dissipation at any restaurant
which robbery has made famous. But
this abandonment of joy, this surrender
to the primitive instincts, is found only
among half-civilized people. Here in
the^stree^s before my eyes -are hillmen
dressed as their forefathers were in
the days of the crusaders. Women
dance about the beacon-fires, and their
jet-black hair streams out like ban
nerets upon the wind. The fountains
are running wine— so at least the reel
ing figures lead me to believe. I, count
a hundred torches in a space of as
many yards. The sky above glowa
crimson with the flaming lights. Every
cafe is open, every table crowded; men
embrace for joy; young girls rave hys
terically; soldiers, priests, rich and
poor, noble and peasant, swarm to
gether in this frenzy of the night. The
palace is a blaze of light from end to
end; throngs press to its doors to hall
the Prince, and when their torches fall
them are replaced by others no less
delirious. Bands blare in every public
place. The confines of the city are tou
narrow for this pageant of a nation's
madness. T see the beacons on the dis
tant hills like crimson stars upon a far
horizon, and they link up a mighty
gfrdle embracing height and chasm,
lighting the silvered Ice-fields or show
ing the heart of sleeping woods. From
gorge to gorge and pass to pass the
tidings go, 'Long live the Prince!*
They join in name to his, and utter it
¦a* one endeared to them — yes, the little
English girl has won all hearts. I sa
lute her; she is worthy of the tribute!"
a woman, and her womanhood led her
through the valley of the shadows.
Europe has listened to her story and
judged her character wisely. The af
termath is her own, to be reaped by
her affections.
; THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL\
A lambent flame twining about a log
¦which the scuffle had dislodged, pene
trated the shadows with a generous
beam of light and revealed the hidden
shapes and all the evidences of strife.
It showed Esther that to which her
eyes had been blinded in the moment
of the deed. For to her tragedy had
been swift and paralyzing, robbing her
of her common faculties and stilling
her tongue. She had seen a face in the
golden aureole, had heard an echo of
mad laughter; and then the dead man
lay at her feet and the lantern went
out and the darkness of the supreme
mystery enveloped her.
She fled from the room and ran wild
ly down the stairs. If the unknown
had passed out, what should forbid
her? An Iron-clamped door at the
stairs foot mocked her confidence, and
though she beat upon it with clenched
hands and found her voice and cried
hysterically for help, none answered
her. The vain blows echoed vainly in
the empty vault above. She sank upon
a step, crouching as though afraid of
that which must came after. Who
watched In the darkness? she asked.
Who had let the woman out? What
friend had been her confederate?
Night passed and found her still hid
ing from the truth. She had lost the
power to reason or to associate her
own fortunes with this supreme trag
edy. Distant bells chimed the watch
ing hours, but none called to her pris
on.
It was bitterly cold upon the stair-
CHAPTER XXI.
4¦ ORD BYRON'S hair has become a
I rare commoditv. A considerable
1^ price has to be paid even for
small locks at Puttlck's, London.
Shortly one will bs put up there to
Notes on Writers
and their Work
TURK— Ople Read: Laird & Lee,
Chicago; Illustrated; price Jl 50.
PLUCK— George Grimm; Gerraanla
Publishing Company, Milwaukee; illus
trated; price $1 50.
A BOOK OF VERSE— John Lewis
March; Richard G. Badger, Boston;
price Jl.
DRIFT O f DREAMS— Lola Lanehart;
published by the author. Los Angeles.
CLASSIC GEMS — EXPOSITION
PICTURES— Laird &. Lee. Chicago.
TOPICAL DISCUSSION OF AMERI
CAN HISTORY.— W. C. Doub; Th«-
Whltaker & Ray Company. San Fran
cisco; price $1 10.
PUPIL'S OUTLINE OF AMERICAN
HISTORT— W. C. Doub; The Whitaker
& Ray Company, San Francisco; prica
25 cents.
JINGLES FROM THE FAR WEST—
M. A. Bowcher; The WhUaker A Ray
Company. San Francisco; Illustrated la
color; prlcajH;. '.-:•:.;
New Books Received
"Problem novels" were scored so
heavily a few -years ago that there
have been hardly any since. It was
enough to term a book a problem novel
to condemn it at once. But there has
come a change. This year "The Woman
Errant." very frankly a problem novel,
has the field to Itself; and It 13 already
well along through Its second edition.
It promises to be more discussed for th»
Ideas contained In it than any other
novel published this year, except, per
haps, "The Singular Miss Smith."
THET*8 two things that they*s
no use worryln' about— Jest two.
One of 'em Is the thing that a
body can't help. T'other Is the
thine that a body kin help."
This gem of philosophy from the
lips of Huldah of the Wagon Tire
House down In Blowout, Tex., Is the
Index to that genial lady's whole
scheme of life. Though she gathered
under her wing every tattered little
"orphant" of the cattle ranges for
miles around and ofttlmes was hard
put to It to discover the ways and
means for continuing the Wagon Tire
House In its wonted prosperity under
all this load of charity, Huldah was
convinced that there exist only two
causes for worry and with the limits
of these thus defined she played the
game of life with a smile ever.
About this motherly figure in her
faded print dress — the guide, phil
osopher and friend of every cow
puncher In Wild Hoss Cotinty — the
collaborators, Grace MacGowan Cooke
and Alice MacGowan, have written a
very charming little story. Times
enough have we had the cowboy and
the ranger of the fast fading wild West
htld up In pictured fiction; even the
fringes on his sombrero have become
familiar to every novel reader. But
this new departure, this delineation of
the typical woman of the border, ma
tronly enough to defy the advances of
the romantic, is distinctly novel. Wa
are glad that a Huldah has been put
In her right place In the literary
scheme of things Western.
Only a very slender thread of story
serves the authors in their delineation
of this mothering angel of Blowout
Guardian Angel
in Gingham Print
OF that really remarkable compila
tion of the historical and arch
aeological lore of Israel, the Jew-
ish Encyclopedia, the seventh
volume Is now Issued— a book as rich
in fact and scholarly effort as those
that have preceded. This volume, em
bracing In its range from "Italy" to
"Leon," nearly 1800 topics. Is especially
valuable for Its expositions of Old Tes
tament and Talmudlcal literature, in
that its alphabetical allotment em
braces such names as Job, Jephthah
and Judah I, patriarch and redactor of
the Mishnah.
The average gentile, and for that
matter the average Jew, will be sur
prised to learn from the reading of the
present volume of the encyclopedia of
the vast store of Jewish literature that
has been laid up since the last book
of the Talmud was written. We find
that 30,000 does not cover the total
number of Hebrew books written from
the time of the final fall of Jerusalem
before the Roman arms to the present
day. Before the twelfth volume of the
encyclopedia • appears the editors so
we are assured, will have given their
attention to at least two-thirds of these
publications, written In all ages and a
dozen different tongues. -In the seventh
volume the works of the two early
Hebrew singers, Judah-ha-Levl and
Eleazar Kalir, receive attention,
the article on Kallr being of especial
interest owing to the haze of mytho
logical tradition surrounding the head
of the liturgical psalmist.
The Biblical characters that are given
attention in the present volume offer
the opportunity for the Introduction of
ancient Hebraic folklore relative to the
lives of the several worthies. In Hag
gadic literature It seems that many of
the stories of the Old Testament were
gOT one of the least interesting
» I phenomena of present day llter
j\J ary activities is that of the fran
/ tic striving after the new and sen
sational on the part of our writer folk
and the corresponding avidity with
which the results of their ingenuity
are sought after by the dear public.
Despite Emerson's preachment, it Is
not to the door of the man who can
build a better mouse trap than his
neighbor that the literary world makes
a " beaten path, but to the threshold
of him who can fashion a stranger. By
that token is the door mat before the
sanctum of G. Sidney Paternoster des
tined soon to be worn to a frazzle. "The
Motor Pirate" is certainly the medal
mouse trap of the summer's book sea
son from the point of view of the seek
er for sensation in fiction.
Here we have the story of a strictly
up-to-date Dick Turpln who straddles,
not a good black mare, but the guiding
wheel of the fastest motor car In the
world. By night he sallies forth from
the fastness of his garage and scours
the roads over the whole of lower Eng
land, levying toll upon every belated
motorist whom chance may throw in
Ijls path, cutting up didos with terri
fied mail carriers and even holding up
his august ..Majesty Edward himself.
One hundred miles an hour Is nothing
to this motor pirate. Space and time
reel out behind the wheels of his rak
ish craft like thread off a yarn skein.
He is a devil. But after indulging him
self for the length of full 240 pages this
fiend on wheels is hoist by his own
petard. After kidnaping .the fair young
thing who plays the heroine in the
story and being chased by the aven
gers in one of his own miraculous con
traptions, the motor pirate very fitting
ly choses to select Lands End as the
place for his extinction and his exit
from the story is accompanied by a
loud splash and a smother of foam.
This is all sensational enough to sat-.
Another Volume
of Encyclopedia
A Pirate Craft
of Modern Build
An interesting story of the discovery
of one rising young author 13 told in
connection with the appearance of a
short story by James Hopper, in the
August McClure's. One of the mem
bers of McClure's staff, while in San
Francisco, was told by an instructor
in the University of California of &
young man who had done wonderful
work in English In that institution, who
was then teaching in the Philippines.
A letter to Mr. Hopper was productive
of several stories which were at ones
accepted. Mr. Hopper then returned to
this country and has been writing suc
cessfully for McClure's ever since,
There never was a list of the "Hun
dred f Best Books" that pleased every
body. Sir Gilbert Parker, author of
"The Right of Way," has recently ex
pressed this emphatic opinion of tha
latest '1st of the kind: "It la enough to
make Isaiah (who had a sense of style,
at least, and some profound philoso
phy) turn In his grave to see White's
"Natural History of Selborne" and
Smiles' "Self -Help" side by side In this
selection. Any one who could digest
and be nourished by both those books
could digest and be nourished by any
thing."
K. Kohler and Professor S. Krauss
of Budapest. Upon the personality of
Jesus, his Jewish characteristics, his
attitude to rabbinical law, and his
claim of divine origin*, these three writ
ers treat fairly and In a manner which
can lay them open to no charge from
Christian students of New Testament
sources.
A word should be said concerning
the pictorial illustrations which embel
lish the book. A novelty especially in
structive in alf its particulars Is the
fourfold map of the city of Jerusalem
that forms the frontispiece of the vol
ume; another reproduced very clearly
Is the panorama of Jerusalem as It la
to-day. Interspersed throughout the
book may be found portraits of many
Jewish worthies and reproductions of
those valuable antiquities which are
especially characteristic of the Jews,
ttyelr manners and customs.
(Funk & Wagnalls Company, New
York; price. $6 00.)
• so distorted by the interpretation or tne
ancient rabbis as to bear little resem
blance to the original. The story of
Jonah, according to this popularized
version, is as rich in Imaginative quall
.ties as any of the "Thousand and One
Nights."
When Jonah went to Joppa he found
no shlD, for the vessel on which he in
tended taking. passage had sailed two
days before his arrival; but God caused
a contrary wind to arise and the ship
was driven back to port. In his Joy
Jonah paid his passage money in ad
vance, contrary to the usual custom,
which did not require payment until
the conclusion of the voyage. Accord
ing to some he paid even the full value,
of the ship, amounting to 4000 gold de
narii. When the storm arose the kind
hearted Bailors, evidently respecting the
rich passenger, first lowered Jonah only
far enough for the waters to reach
his knees. Seeing that the storm sub
sided, they drew him back into the
ship, whereupon the sea at ©nee arose
again. The sailors repeated the opera
tion several times with the same result,
each time lowering him deeper and
deeper, until finally they threw him
into the sea.
The fish which swallowed Jonah was
created in the very beginning of the
¦world for that special purpose. There
fore this fish had so large a mouth
and throat that Jonah found it as
easy to pass into its belly as he would
have found it to enter the portals of
a very large synagogue. It had eyes
which were as large as windows and
lamps lit up Its interior. According to
another opinion a great pearl suspend
ed In the entrails of the fish enabled
Jonah to see all that was in the sea
and in the abyss. The fish informed
Jonah that he waa to be devoured by
Leviathan. Jonah asked to be taken
to the monster, when he would save
both his own life and that of the fish.
Meeting Leviathan he exhibited the
"seal of Abraham," whereupon the
monster shot away a distance of two
days. To reward him for this service
the fish showed Jonah all the wondrous
things in the ocean (e. g., the path 'of
the Israelites across the Red Sea; the
pillars upon which the earth rests).
Thus he spent three days and three
nights in the belly of the fish.
In the department of history the pres
ent volume is no exception in point of
excellence. In reviewing the reign of
John Casimir, King of Poland, the
writer lets In the light upon a particu
larly misty period of that turbulent
country's early history, giving us some
quaint provisions adopted by the Jews
for certifying the legitimacy of their
marriages after their release from the
bondage of the , Cossack hetman,
Chmlelnicki. The history of the Jew
ish colony on Jamaica and the details
of Columbus' early favoritism for the
Jews also fall into the province of the
historical writers.
The articles on Jesus of Nazareth,
three in number,. are furnlshe* by men
known among Jewish scholars for their
breadth of mind and knowledge in the
higher criticism. They are Joseph Ja
cobs, formerly president of the Jew
ish Historical Society of England; Dr.
Sinister enough, the book opens with
Huldah drawing up the sheet over all
that remained of the outcast who had
ccme to the Wagon Tire House to die
and to leave her little one to be yet
another addition to the waifs gathered
under Huldah's protecting wing. This
puts us directly in touch with the lit
tle colony of strays that makes
Huldah's roof its abiding place.
Through her own mouth we learn that
Huldah is the self-appointed mother
of all the motherless. Then through a
series of simple little incidents the life
of Huldah and her reflection upon all
the lives about her are brought out.
Of course there is a light love thread
throughout the story and there Is a
bit of real tragedy In the pathetic
figure of Lone Deatherage — both eub
sidiary elements, blended well with
the dominant motive of the book.
Huldah's philosophy — every book
that carries a patronymic for a title
Is supposed to contain its quota of
homely saws nowadays — > Huldah's
philosophy Is Indeed of a wholesome
order and optimistic enough ¦ to be
tonic in its effects. Ready always to
excuse backsliding rather than to con
demn and willing to see good In the
world even through a veil of evil,
Huldah is right well fitted to teach
all of us a lesson In charity and In the
Joy of right living,
(Bobbs-Merrlll Company, Indian
apolis; Illustrated; price $1 50.)
Frances Hodgson Burnett, the author
of "Little Lord Fauntleroy." whose
story of childhood, "In the Closed
Room.** Is now appearing in McClure's
Magazine, has returned for the summer
to her English country home, Maythara
Hall, in Kent. Mrs. Burnett's estate
Is a very old one, lying in the most
beautiful part of England's most pic
turesque county. The foundations of
the house are over 700 years old, and
the o'd church on the grounda la men
tioned in the Doomsday Book. Attached
to the hall are two quaint villages,
Rolvenden Street and Rolvenden Lane.
The section of Kent in which Mrs.
Burnett lives is very popular with
literary people. Henry James. Joseph
Conrad, Ford Maddooc Hueffer and
Madame Albanesl all have homes
within a few miles of May t ham.
THE study of sex relations and dif
ferences, only seriously undertaken
by the scientists within very recent
years, has been productive of re
sults as pertinent to the science of so
ciology as to existing theories of psy
chology and anthropology. Not only
do problems of Industrialism hang upon
a rational review of the relation of sex
to sex, but the whole agitation for an
elevation of the sphere of woman and a
recognition of her equality with man
on an intellectual, even a physical
plane, awaits for its Justification the
authoritative deductions of specialists
in this realm of scientific endeavor. Au
thorities unite In agreeing that Have
lock Ellis In his "Man and Woman,"
published ten years ago, succeeded in
drawing all the lines of thought in this
field to the most complete and logical
conclusion yet determined upon. His
book, now revised and made to Incor
porate the results of recent experiment,
again comes to the hands of thinking
men and women.
The chief aim of Ellis' book is to fix
upon the extent to which sexual differ
ences are artificial, the result of tradi
tion and environment, and how far are
they due to actual physical differences
between man and woman. To pave the
way for an analysis of the question tha
author has first to consider the general
physical characteristics of the sexes,
their similarities and differences, bring
ing to bear the evidence of anthropol
ogy and the tenets of evolution. This
done, he has yet the field of natural
and morbid psychology to deal with,
with emphasis upon special questions
of hypnotic phenomena, emotional af
fectability and the variatlonal tendency.
Throughout the entire course of his ex
position the author Is careful always
to distinguish between those manifesta
tions of mind and activities of body
that are the result of purely functional
processes and those undoubtedly In
duced by acquired customs of thought
and action.
Civilization acts to eradicate artificial
sexual differences, according to Ellis.
The advance of society has witnessed
a mingling of the domains of man and
woman, In the primitive stage so
rigidly prescribed. But, physically, a
woman Is a woman and a man a man;
as a consequence a masculine and a
feminine mentality must ever be un
like, stripped though they might be of
the artificial traditions of custom. Be
cause woman has the weaker body, be
cause she is less able to defend her
self, ruse and deceit are naturally
attributes of her mental life. Because
from physical reasons woman's life Is
always along the path of a rhythmic
curve of physical and psychic variation,
she is variable, always In a change.
Man, on the other hand, from the very
nature of his unvarying existence, lacks
the nlmbleness of intellect, the nervous
activity of resource which we call tact,
that is woman's.
Thus does the author carry his In
vestigations down to the fundamental
phenomena of our psychic life. Broadly,
he concludes that in the scheme of life
man has shown a greater tendency to
a change of type than woman, woman
being more prone to remain closer to
the. physical and psychic type of child
hood. The alleged inferiority of woman
to man cannot admit of proof, for the
law of compensation operates to keep
the balance neutral. "The hope of our
future civilization lies in the develop
ment In equal freedom of both the mas
culine and feminine elements in life."
(Imported by Charles Scribner's Sons,
New York.)
drawn lithographic lampoons of men
and events in politics began to take
a place in the varied arsenal of the
Presidential manager. Even though
each figure was represented with a
prodigious "loop" of conversation issu
ing from his mouth and the innuen
does In this selfsame stereotyped "loop"
were sometimes of the broadest, the
author assures us that a few of the
cartoons dashed off in the heat of po
litical strife were of an effect more po
tent than pages of editorial. He cites
as examples the famous "Nigger in the
Woodpile" travesty upon Lincoln and
black Republicanism and the "Seces
sion Movement" cartoon which repre
sents Southern States riding to
their destruction on the backs of don
keys.
In his closing chapters upon Inaugu
ration incidents In the history of the
Presidency. Bishop draws almost the
entire fund of reminiscence incorporat
ed from the diaries of the Presidents
and the narratives of contemporary
spectators. The Incidents surrounding
the Installation of Washington as chief
executive are familiar traditions; the
simplicity of ceremony made a prece
dent by the great President held as a
tradition until Jackson gained the/high
seat. Then it seems there were festivi
ties and roysterings'almost approaching
a bacchanalla. Such was the crush of
ardent supporters of "Old Hickory" and
Importunate office seekers that when
the White House servants endeavored
to set out orange punch for the refresh
ment of the guests there was a wild
stampede. In which glasses, tubs and
liquor were stamped under foot and the
new President himself had difficulty In
protecting his ribs from sudden assault
With a spirited description of the sin
ister preparations to prevent a tragedy
at the first inauguration of Lincoln, th»
author brings to a close this exception
ally Interesting study of the side lights
In American political history. The book
Is valuable both as a sketch of histori
cal outline and a rich fund of person
alia.
(Scott-Thaw Co., New York; illus
trated; price, J2.
fcr the representative men of the town
to gather :n some convenient place — a
garret, according to Adams' word —
there to drink "Hip," smoke much to
bacco and deliberate upon the disposi
tion of political plums, very much as
tome of our wardsters when they fore
gather in the back room of a saloon to
day. Nor were the methods of the early
caucus greatly at variance with those
in vogue to-day. After the constitution
was enforced and it became necessary
to elect national and State officers, we
read that In Congressional caucuses
Presidential nominations were decided
upon, and in like Star Chamber sessions
cf State Legislatures the destinies of
gubernatorial aspirants were weighed
In the balance of political expediency.
As the author need hardly state, this
method of political procedure, tolerated
In the new and widely proclaimed land
of democratic freedom, was somewhat
of an anomaly.
It was in 1S24 that the clamor for a
more representative nominating body
made the caucus holders give way, and
a New York State nominating conven
tion, consisting of as many* delegates
as there were members In the Assem
bly, met to nominate candidates for
Governor and Lieutenant Governor.
Then came the national Republican
party, with the national convention
Idea. At the first national convention
thus ordered under Its dictates In Bal
timore, December, 1831, Henry Clay re
ceived the unanimous vote of the dele
gates for Presidential nominee. "Old
Hickory** Jackson, desiring: to obtain
the nomination of Van Buren as his
running mate for a ttccjti. if. rm, next
called a Democratic convention for the
purpose, and by his characteristic
adroitness saddled the same with tha
famous "two-thirds rule"— the lasting
heritage cf Jacksonlan Democracy for
all succeeding voters of that sterling
political stripe.
The three tragedies of national con
ventions, centering about the heads of
'Webster, of Clay and later of Blalne,
oSer the author opportunity to trace
the coerce of political events, which in
each Instance brought to these luckless
aspirants to Presidential honors crush
ing disappointment. In the cases of the
two old-school politicians, less familiar
to ns of the new century. Clay's com
plaint seemed to have covered the
cacse for the failure of both when he
exclaimed. "I am the most unfortunate
man la the history of parties— always
run by my friends when sure to bo de
feated, and now betrayed for a nom
ination when I, or any one, would be
sure of an election."
Of peculiar Interest Is the author's
description of the proceedings at the
Chicago convention of 1860, wherein the
new Republican party first tested Its
strength and Lincoln was nominated
to run for the Presidential chair, al
ready tottering; before the storm of se
cesElon. Here it was that that peculiar
feature of modern conventions, organ
ized uproar, first found Its power and
became a fixed adjunct to all subse
quent meetings of party hosts. We are
told that while the Jubilant supporters
of Seward were busy parading through
the streets the display of their strength
the Lincoln "sbouters" thronged into
the convention hall and occupied eo
much space that when their opponents
Bought standing room even, they found
it at a premium. Then followed a re
markable demonstration, each faction
endeavoring to outshout the other in
the general pandemonium, until, to
quote from Murat Haletead, "hundreds
of pereons stopped their ears in pain."
Truly this bizarre feature of the pres
ent day political convention had a
rousing Inception,
The second part of Bishop's book is
devoted to a study of the part political
cartoons have had in the campaigns of
the country. This ground, though cov
ered In part by a recent book on "The
History of the Nineteenth Century In
Caricature," by A. B. Maurice and F.
T. Cooper, throws Interesting light upon
campaign methods, past and present.
It was during the Jackson administra
tions that the cheaply printed, execrably,
"Man and Woman,"
a Study of Sex
Mrs. E. L. Voynich. the author of
-"Olive Latham," lives in an old-fash
ioned house in Soho; this she makes
her working place as well as her home
during the busy hours of the day. In
It she and her husband have gathered
an extraordinary collection of manu
scripts and books. Her husband. Wil
fred Michael Voynich. is a collector of
books who is known in every corner of
the world. During at least twelve of
the fourteen years which he has lived
In England he has made a study of
the history of books the main object of
his life. His attention was first called
to this field of study by Dr. Garnett of
the British Museum, and from a mod
est beginning he has developed the
business associated with his name,
¦which Is of world-wide reputation. Hu
recruits the larger number of his col
lections from monastic Institutions In
out-of-the-way places.
A book which promises to b»com»
one of the most popular novels of th«
season Is "The Loves of Edwy" (The
Lothrop Publishing Company. Boston),
by Rose Cecil O'Neill, the well-known
illustrator, whose pictures in Puck and
elsewhere have attracted much atten
tion. So great has been the advance
demand of this unique romance, which
is embellished by # over sixty illustra
tions by the author, that the publish
ers have decided to Increase the size of
the first edition and have postponed
the day of publication from the loth to
the 23th of August.
isfy the most exacting, b*ut with that
statement all laudatory reflections upon
the nature of "The Motor Pirate" come
to a natural close. Sensation, pure and
perfect, is to be found in the Nick Car
ter Library of choice literature for
growing boys or the Fireside Compan
ion. It is not yet the "consensus of
opinion on the part of the wise ones
in criticism that an unusual plot cr
the intervention of some strange god
from the machine is sufficient pallia
tion of the sins against all canons of
style. That is why we call the volumes
In the Nick Carter Library "penny
shockers" and not literature. That is
why, likewise, "The Motor Pirate"
smacks of the "penny shocker" order
of fiction.
Rapid, breathless even, as the action
In Mr. Paternoster's book is. and hair
raising though some of the incidents
may be. the reader need not have 'more
than the ordinary modicum of under
standing to find the fatal weakness in
the story. Almost by the time that the
hero has had his third "peg" or his
fourth "lemon • squash" the mystery
concerning the identity of the man in
the piratical motor car ceases to be a
mystery for the reader, even though
the Scotland Yard detective flounders
through a dozen more chapters before
his eyes become opened. The author
makes his villain so obvious from the
very first that the reader is wont to
arise and revile the hero and his de
tective friend, who are doddering
around for clews— revile them for their
crass stupidity.
IN this f.erce season of our national
intermittent election fever, when
new precedent and unwonted tradi-
ticn may even now be a-forming.
Joseph B. Bishop's book, "Our Political
Drama/* has the added merit of time
liness to enhance its intrinsic worth.
Th<* book, according to the author's
foreword, "does not pretend to either
ho comprehensiveness or the full dig
nity of history. It is merely the per
and dramatic side of certain
events in our political history." As
fuch. then, the volume is well calcu
lated to £ive us entertaining in-.ights
upon some of the byways of our politi
cal record which r scare the eye of the
« nfessed writer of history.
The major portion of the book, end by
far the most interesting, is that dealing
with the Inception of the national con
vention cs an clement in our political
life and outlining some of the intensely
dramatic incidents attendant upon the
deliberations of such bodies in the past.
For even truer to-day than was it fifty
years ajro is the fact that In this insti
tution, which has prown up without
the authorization of the constitution,
yet as fully rooted in national practice
as If sanctioned by that instrument,
lies the real formative power, the ini
tiative force, in party politics. By the
reading of Bishop's book we see how
gradually this extra-ccnstitutional
measure came to have almost the bind
ing force of law.
The caucus, v.e learn, was the parent
cf the convention. By & citation from
the diary of John Adams, under the
date of February. 1763, the author
shows us that before the colonial yoke
was thrown off It became customary
be sold with a letter from his sister.
Augusta Leigh, which accompanied the
lock when she sent it to her friend-
Many pounds are expected to be real
ized from the sale. This is a rather
amusing indication of the "Byron re
vival" in England. In America. Its
most striking symptom at present Is
the success of "Th2 Castaway." Misa
Rives' glowing romance based on the
facts and fancies of his life. Byron's
career seems made to the hand of the
novelist, for it is filled to the brim with
mystery, adventures, genius, and love
affairs. "The Castaway." moreover, is
interesting, not only a9 a story of color
and incident, but as a generous esti
mate and a:i lnsenjous defense of a
man much hated and much misunder
stood. If It attains the vogue prophe
sied by earlv readers and indicated by
early sales, shall we not look for "The
Byron Collar." "The Bvron Limp."
"The Byron Two-Step." ar.d "the By
ron Five-Cent Cigar"?
Political Drama
Seen by Bishop
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAL.H
LAST OF THE MID-SUMMER BOOKS
5sat at a table to play, so I, too, sat down arm was asked by the man in
charge, called «the dealer, how many chips I wanted. My friend kindly
answered for me, and, I was soon playing with lively interest. I won a
considerable sum, and thought of quitting, for all who win thereby crip
ple the power of Satan; but I concluded to play on and perhaps take all
of the ill-got gains away from the den of iniquity.
Again I won, but soon lost, and although I played with cool calcu
lation, to my distress I did not win again.' Again and again the dealer
gave me what chips I needed, never asking me for money, until I sud
denly realized that I was indebted to the game several hundreds — some
thousands, I confess, uncle — and I was distressed to an extreme degree.
I had no such sum with me, and in my confusion did not remember
that I could draw a check until Mr. Faykerr thoughtfully reminded me,
whispering, "If you want to quit you will find a desk with checks on it
in the other room."
I was somewhat relieved to have the proprietor accept my check
without question and with a polite invitation to call again and a wish for
my better luck next time. I shall certainly call again; not that I ap
prove of gambling, but to a person of my stern and persistent morality it
would be compromising with the devil to allow my money to remain in
the hands of such instruments of evil. I. shall not only regain what I
lost, but win much more, as a lesson and rebuke to the man who so
plausibly conducts the evil resort. This I can do by skillfully adopting the
plan- of betting next time on the .very cards I lost on last time.
We spent some further hours of the night in studies of the lighter
sides of metropolitan life, and, to my surprise, Mr. Faykerr was plenti
fully supplied with money, which he spent liberally — though he over
looked repaying me the cost of the dinner.
In the course of the evening, at'a restaurant where all the distin
guished artists of the dramatic and operatic stage gather for supper, I was
made acquainted with Miss Mayme Franklyn, fancifully nicknamed by
her intimates "Babe." She confided to me that she is soon to star in a
DEAR UNCLE SILAS: I thank you for advising me not to go
abroad lo forget my grief, but to remain here in New York and
make a friend of Mrs. Lacquerre, as she asked me to. I might
not have accepted the advice had not the lady sent me a kind
invitation to lunch with her and discuss my plans. In the
course of the agreeable talk I had with her I was surprised to
learn that j-ou and she arc old acquaintances, and that you see much of
her during: your visits to New York.
She admires you. and if 1 am not mistaken — which is scarcely possible
— she entertains? a sentimental regard lor you, which I am now able to
say. with no heart hurt, that I hope you reciprocate. She made no refer
ence to my proposal of marriage, but spoka of the things a young man a
stranger in New York should do and not do. Of course, such
advice, was well meant, but it was unnecessary for one who, like me, is
controlled in all things by caution and a;i instinctive knowledge of the
world.
During ray call I met Mrs. Ltcquerre's daughter, Frances, and ob
served her with interest, because of Mrs. Lacquerre's remark at a pre
\ious interview that her daughter was old enough to be my wife. This
may be true, but if she is old enough that certainly is her only qualifica
tion, for a less attractive joung person I never met. She is a recent
graduate of a fashionable academy patronized by the rich and exclusive
families, but what is taught there can be of no use or interest to any one.
I examined Miss Frances at length on topics of vital interest, but
found her lamentably ignorant on the first principles of political economy,
the tendencies of imperialism and its clangers, and she was disposed to
smile in a superior manner when I asked her views on these and kin
dred subjects, which, to my horror, she characterized as "fudge."
She is a tall girl, slender, dark, atid looks with grave eyes in silence
on things about her. I am told that graduates of her academy are noted
for a manner of aristocratic reserve which is much commended, but to me
it seems a manner of mild insolence, an assumption of superiority for
which their mental accomplishments give them no warrant.
How unlike to Frances is another young lady I have met! She is not
tall and is light in coloring; she has no manner of foolish superiority, and
instead of a real or assumed amusement at my acute understanding of
weiglity matters, she lakes the keenest interest in listening to me. She
begs for instruction, and is rapidly advancing in an understanding of mat
ters political and industrial. The story of our meeting is one which I
must relate in my usually orderly style of composition.
Some days ago I was surprised by receiving a call from Mr. Bob Fay
kerr. You may recall that for one term there came to our 'academy at
home a young gentleman of the name of Faykerr, who was allowed to
resign because of an impetuosity in his manner of living which did not
comport with the traditions of the academy. This is the same gentleman.
I did not have the pleasure of his acquaintance then, and now I recall
that, he impressed me as not being sympathetic; as looking with amuse
ment on my scholarly ambitions and moral conduct. But I find that in
this I was mistaken, for he assures me that he admired me greatly at the
academj' and wished to profit by my acquaintance, but was kept from do
ing so by a consciousness that he was unfit to claim equality with a pupil
of my exalted moral and intellectual gifts. This was so natural that I
admitted at once, when he so explained, that I had been unjust in my
mistrust and dislike of him.
He politely invited me to dine with him and a party of friends that
very evening and, further proposed to show me the city in certain aspects
which I had overlooked. As I was still sad over a matter which I shall
not again mention, I gladly took advantage 'of the opportunity to join
his gay company.
After dinner Mr. Faykerr remarked that as I was a student of sociology
and civic reform it might be well for me to study at first hand some of
the phases of life which have come under the condemnation of Mr. Je
rome, who, I find, is the District Attorney here, as well as the Public Cen
sor of Morals. I agreed with the suggestion of my thoughtful friend, but
was surprised to learn that any of the gambling places were open for in
spection, having heard that all were closed by the vigorous methods of
suppression employed by Mr. Jerome.
Mr. Faykerr assured me that there were a few left for the accommo
dation of gentlemen of an investigating turn of mind, and soon proved
that he was right by taking me to a place of the kind.
We began our studies by meeting the proprietor of the establishment,
who was so able to conceal his hideous character that he appeared like
a quiet and scholarly gentleman, and was able also to assume an amiable
and courteous attitude toward me. To my surprise he did not at once
suggest that I gamble, Tjut instead directed my attention to some very
creditable objects of art by well-known artists and curios of exceeding
beauty. Then he hospitably invited us to enter the supper room and
partake free of a repast there set forth and served in excellent style.
After a bird and a glass of champagne which a colored servitor of
fered, my friend suggested that v^e see the actual gambling. We ascend
ed a rich stairway of marble and bronze to a floor above, where a num
ber of patrons were engaged in playing a game called faro. Although it
was not my purpose to carry my studies to the extreme point "of partici
pating in. the wicked hazard of chance, I decided to do so to be better
equipped to denounce the evil in a book I purpose writing about this sin
ful city.
Mr. Faykerr, doubtless with some such high moral purpose, already
splendid production of a famous playwright's masterpiece, but at present Is
resting from professional employment.
She is, as I have said — for of course she is the lady I have contrasted
with Miss Lacquerre — petite, blond, merry, but highly intellectual. In
short, dear uncle, she is the most ravishingly beautiful creature I ever
saw. In spite of her sedate mental tendencies she allows herself sim
ple recreations as a relief from the arduous duties of her professional
work, and was. at the time I first met her, drinking champagne from, a
stein and eating lobster.
She was richly attired, though rather less completely than seemed
becoming to so distinguished an artist in so public a place — her waist
consisting of little more than a belt and two shoulder straps — but she ex
plained this by informing me that she had just come from a reception at
the Van Aster's. To my delight she agreed to go with me to the next
day's races in an automobile Mr. Faykerr had engaged for me.
We had a merry party. Several other famous actresses with whose
names I was not familiar, as they had been playing abroad in London and
Paris, they informed me, accompanied us, and a lunch Mr. Faykerr
thoughtfully ordered for me from a noted caterer we ate en route, going
and coming, the young ladies playfully throwing bottles at other auto
mobile parties containing friends, and otherwise proving that their severe
artistic training does not suppress their liveliness of heart.
For several days Psaw much of Babe — Miss Franklyn — and found her
a woman worthy of my real adoration. All my aspirations interested her,
all my plans she approved, all my views she understood. Finding my at
tachment to her of such a nature that she is constantly in my thoughts, I
have about concluded to offer her my heart and hand.
I was interrupted at this point by receiving a note from Mrs. Lac
querre asking me to call at once. I responded, and she questioned me
about the distinguished friends I have recently made, concerning whom,
in relation to me, she said there was some current gossip. When I had
finished naming and describing them Mrs. Lacquerre declared: "Reuben,
you have fallen into the clutches of as lively a gang of sharpers and
bounders as New York can boast.
"Your friend Faykcrr really comes of a good family, but he was dis
owned by them years ago. He has several times been the hero of sen
sational press stories of scrapes which would have landed him in jail if
swindled men — like you — would prosecute him. Of course they won't, and
he impudently continues living by the industry of plucking geese. The
others you mention are not actresses, but belong to the army of name
less parasites who find nourishment after their kind. For your sake, and
because of my regard for your uncle, I warn you to beware of such
cattle."
Upon returning to my hotel I found a message from Miss Franklyn
asking if it would be convenient to loan her for a few days the sum of
five hundred dollars. She is to repay it from her first week's salary as a
star, yet is so distressed at the necessity of asking the temporary favor
that she is nearly ill from nervousness, so is obliged to request me to
send the sum named. But I shall give her a pleasant surprise by taking
the loan to her in person, so will delay the conclusion of this letter until
my return.
Dear Uncle Silas: I fear there is more guilt in this world than I was
prepared to encounter, and that I must revise my judgment of some of
my friends. I found Miss Franklyn, on whom I have just called, in a
morning gown — it was six in the afternoon— of tenuous texture and some
what untidy appearance. She seemed more surprised than pleased to have
me respond in person, and excused her appearance by informing me that
because of long rehearsals without salary she had been obliged to pawn
much of her extensive wardrobe.
I asked her at once to accept the loan she had requested, and she re
ceived it with assurances of a speedy return. She then said that she was
so much overcome by my kindness that it would be painful for her to
prolong the interview, so, regretting that I had no opportunity to maka
the proposal! had in mind, I departed. At the front door of the apart
ment house in which she occupies somewhat restricted accommodations
I saw that it was raining, and to my annoyance I found that I had left
my umbrella in Miss Franklyn's hall. ,
I returned quietly, and finding the door ajar, as I had left it, entered,
thinking not again to disturb the lady in her nervous condition. To my
great confusion I heard her in an adjoining room talking in a joyful
manner to another person, who, I judged from their manner, ovas her
mother. I refrain from relating to you the conversation I could not but
overhear before I secured my umbrella and fled, but I am compelled by
a sense of duty to admit to you, dear uncle, that I heard her mother af
fectionately reproach Babe for not having asked me for a thousand dol
lars, remarking, "He is so easy a mark."
The young lady's gleeful response was that she knew a good thing
when she had it, and did not purpose to kill the goose which promised
to lay so many golden eggs.
Horror struck at hearing this and a little more it is unnecessary to
repeat, I found my umbrella and rushed from the room. While I am
compelled to admit that Misi Franklyn's conduct is not free from suspi
cion, I still feel that if her interest in sugar of the beet variety were prop
erly cultivated it would turn her thoughts from lobster and wine toward
a life of greater sweetness and light. Neither can I forget that in speak
ing of me to her mother she applied to me a term of endearment. She
has frequently said to me that she dearly loves a lobster, and I over
heard her say to her mother, in speaking of me, "He's such a lobster!"
Affectionately, REUBEN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU.
REUBEN FROM BEETVILLE
6Every summer I suffer much from indignation'. I love to
watch the swallows building. They build beneath the eaves out
side my study window. Such cheerful little chatterboxes they
arc ! Long after sunset, when all the other birds are sleeping,
the swallows still are chattering softly. It sounds as if they
were telling one another some pretty story, and often I am sure
there must be humor in it, for every now and then one hears a
little twittering laugh. I delight in having them there, so close to
me. The fancy comes to me that one day when my brain has
grown more cunning, I, too, listening in the twilight, shall hear
the stories that they tell.
One or two phrases already I have come to understand:
"Once upon a time" — "long, long ago"— "in a strange, far-off
land." I hear these words so constantly I am sure I have them
right. I call it "Swallow street," this row of six or seven
nests. Two or three, like villas in their own grounds, stand
alone, ami others are semi-detached. It makes me angry that the
sparrows will come and steal them. The sparrows will, hang
about deliberately waiting for a pair of swallows to finish their
nest, then, with a brutal laugh that makes my blood boil, drive
the swallows away and take possession of -it. And the swallows
arc so wonderfully patient. "Never mind, old girl," says Johnny
Swallow, after the first big cry is over, to Je*nny Swallow, "let's
try again." And half an hour later, full of fresh plans, they are
choosing another likely site, chattering cheerfully once more. I
watched the building of a particular nest for nearly a fortnight
one j'ear; and when, after two or three days' absence I returned
and found a pair of sparrows comfortably ensconsed therein, I
just felt mad. I saw Mrs. Sparrow looking out Maybe my an
ger was working upon my imagination, but it seemed to me that
she nodded to me. "Nice little house, ain't it. What I call well
built."
Mr. Sparrow then flew up with a gaudy, feather dyed blue,
which belonged to me. I recognized it. It had come out of the
brush with which the girl breaks the china ornaments in our
drawing-room. At an;- other time I should have been glad to
see him flying off with the whole thing, handle included. But
now I felt the theft of one feather as an added injury. 'Mrs. Spar
row chirped with delight at the sight of the gaudy monstrosity.
Having got the house cheap they were going to spend their small
amount of energy upon internal decoration. That was their idea
clearly, a "Liberty interior." She looked more like a Cockney
sparrow than a country one — had been born and bred in Regent
street, no doubt. .«-. . .' /,.
"There is not much justice in this world/' said' I to myself,
"but there's going to be some introduced into this business— that
is, if I can find a ladder." I did find a ladder, and fortunately it
was long enough. Mr. and Mrs,. Sparrow were out when I arrived ;
possibly on the hunt for cheap photo frames and Japanese fans. I
did not want to make a mess "; I removed the house neatly into a
dust pan and wiped the street clear of every: trace of it. ,' I had'
just put back the ladder when Mrs. Sparrow returned with a piece
of pink cotton wool in her mouth. That was her idea of a color
scheme ; apple-blossom pink and Reckitt's. blue side by side. She
dropped her wool and sat on the water spou't arid tried to under
stand "Number I, number 2, number 4, where the blaze"
Copyrright, 1904, by Central New« and Pres« Exchane*.
— sparrows are essentially common and the women are as bad as
the men — "is number 3?" Mr. Sparrow came up from behind,
over the roof. He was carrying a piece of yellow fluff, part of a
lamp shade, as far as I could judge. "Move yourself," he said,
"what's the sense of sitting there in the rain." "I went out just
for a moment," replied Mrs. Sparrow; "I could not have been
gone, no, not a couple of minutes.
"When I came back" "Oh, get indoors," said Mr. Spar
row, "talk about it there." "It's what I'm telling you," continued
Mrs. Sparrow, "if you would only listen. There isn't any door,
there isn't any house" "Isn't any"- Mr. Sparrow, holding
on to the rim of the spout, turned himself topsy-turvey and sur
veyed the street. From where I was standing, behind the laurel
bushes, I could see nothing but his. back. He stood up again look
ing angry and flushed. "What have you done with the house?
Can't I turn my back" "I ain't done nothing with it. As I
keep on telling you, I had only just gone" "Oh, bother where
you had gone. Where's the darned house gone? That's what I
want to know." They looked at one another. If ever astonish
ment was expressed in the attitude of a bird, it was told -by the
tails of those two sparrows. They whispered wickedly together.
The idea occurred to them that by force or cunning they might
perhaps obtain possession of one of the other nests.
But all the other nests were occupied, and even gentle Jenny
Swallow, in her own home with the children round about her, i3
not to be trifled with. Mr. Sparrow called at Number 2, put his
head in at the door, then returned to the water spout. "Lady says
we don't live there,'.' he explained to Mrs. Sparrow. There was
silence for a while. "Not what I call a classy street," commented
Mrs. Sparrow. "If it were not for this terrible tired feeling of
mine," said Mr. Sparrow, "blame me if I wouldn't build a house
of my own." "Perhaps," said Mrs/ Sparrow, "I have heard it said
that a little bit of work, now and then, does you good." "All sorts
of wild ideas about in the air nowadays," said Mr. Sparrow;
"it don't do to .listen to everybody." "And it don't do to sit still
and do nothing, neither," snapped Mrs. Sp'arrow. "I don't want
to forget I'm. a lady, but— well, any man who was a man could see
things for himself." "Why did I ever marry?" retorted Mr. Spar
row. They flew away together, quarrelling. ?
balmy — when, after carrying up to her a load or two of bricks
and a hod or two of mortar, we could knock off work for a few
minutes without fear of the whole house being swept away into the
next street — could sit side by side on the top of the wall, our legs
dangling down, and peck a morsel together; after which I could
whistle a bit to her — then housebuilding might be a pleasure.
With the unerring instinct of a born critic she had divined my
one weak point. Other objections raised against nto I could have
met. But that one stinging reproach was unanswerable. It has
made me, as I explained, chary of tendering advice on matters out
side my own department of life. Otherwise, at this period of the
year, there is much that I should like to say to nty good friends — the
"birds. I want to put it to them s:rioi:sly. Is not the month of
February just a little too early? Of course their answer will be
the same as in case of my motherly friend, "Oh, what do you
know about it? You are not a bird." I know I am not a bird, but
that is the very reason why they should listen to me. I bring a
fresh mind to bear on, the subject. I am not tied down by bird
convention. February, my dear friends — in these northern climes
of ours, at all events — is much too early. You have to build in a
high wind, and nothing, believe me, tries a lady's temper more
than being: blown about. Nature is nature, and womenfolk, my
dear sirs, are the same all the world over, whether they be bird or
whether they be human. I am an older person that most of you,
and I speak with' the weight of experience.
If I were going to build a house with my wife I should not
choose a season of the year when the bricks and planks and things
were liable to be torn out of her hand, her skirts %>lown over her
head, and she left clinging for dear life to a scaffolding pole. I
know the feminine biped, and you take it from me that it is not her
notion of a honeymoon. In April or May; the sun shining, tlie
"What do you know about Rabies?'- she demanded. "If you
will read the paper," I replied, "von will see for .yourself. It's all
there." She flicked over the pages contemptuously. "There
doesn't seem much of it," she retorted. "It is condensed," I
pointed out to her. "I am glad it is short. All right, I'll read it,"
she agreed. 1 thought my presence mi^iit disturb her, so went
out into the garden. I wanted her to get the full benefit of it. I
crept back now and again to peep through the open window. She
did not seem to be making many notes. But I heard her making
little noises to herself. When I saw she had reached the last page I
re-entered the room. "Well?" I said. "Is it meant to be funny?" she
demanded, "or is it intended to be taken seriously?" "There rnay
be flashes of humor here and there — " She did not wait to'- let
me finish. "Because, if it's meant to be funny," she said, "I dont
think it is at all funny. And if is intended to be serious, there's
one thing very clear, and that is thai, you are not a mother!"^
1AM chary nowadays of offering counsel In connection witfi
subjects concerning which I am not and cannot be an author
ity, liong ago I once took upon myself to write a paper about
¦*¦ babies. It did not aim to be a textbook upon the subject.
It did not even claim to exhaust the topic. I was willing that
others, coming after me, should continue the argument — that is,
if upon reflection they were still of opinion there was anything
more to be said. I was pleased with the article., I went out of my
way to obtain an early copy and the*magazine in which it ap
peared, 0:1 purpose to show it to a lady friend of-mine. She was
the possessor of one or two babies of her own — specimens in no
way remarkable, though she herself, as was natural enough, did
her best to boom them. I thought it might be helpful to her —
¦\i? vi.nvs r.nd observations, not of a rival fancier, who would be
. juiced, but of an intelligent amateur. I put the magazine into
: . r.r.r.d^, opened at the proper place. "Read it through care
:..., i»«d quietly," I said; "don't let anything distract you. Have
a pencil and a bit of paptr ready at your side and note down any
points upon which you would like further information. If there
is anything you think I have missed out let me know. It may be
thru hero and there you will be disagreeing with me; if so, do not
hesitate to mention "it : I shall hot be angry. If a demand arise I
shall very likely issue an enlarged and improved edition of this
paper in the form of a pamphlet ; in which case, hints and sug
gestions that to you may appear almost impertinent will be of dis
tinct hcli) to me."
"I iun'cn't got a pencil." slid said. "What's it all about?"
"It's about babies,"' I explained.
1 lent her a pencil. (That is another thing I've learnt. Never
lend a pencil to a woman if you ever want to see it back again.
She has three answers to your request for its return. The first,
that she gave it back to you, and that you put it in your pocket,
and that it's ihere.now ; that if it isn't it ought to be. The sec
ond, that you never lent it to her. The third, that she wishes
people would not lend her pencils and then clamor for them back
again, just when she has something else far more important to
think about.)
BABIES AND BIRDS
THE SAN FRANGISCO SUNDAY CAIX.
7no_textno_textWHEN the Japanese appear
at the dawn of history this
energetic people were ab
eorbing Chinese- culture and
civilization Just as eagerly as they are
bow absorbing the still higher culture
of the West.
As early as the third century after
Christ, Chinese travelers were bringing
to the Japanese the wisdom of their
ancient civilization, and by the begin
ning of the ninth century the institu
tions of China had almost entirely su
perseded the crude political and legal
Institutions of Japan. The elaborate
codes known as Rltsu, Rel, Kaku,
Ehlki were mere reproductions of Chi
nese laws of the Tong dynasty.
Chinese Jurisprudence, however, was
Ill-adapted to the exigencies of a
feudal government, with its seml
anarchlc conditions. The growinr power
of the military chiefs weakened more
and more the authority of the central
government, and by the middle of the
sixteenth century the anarchy was
complete. An organized system of law
bad now become Impossible. Each
feudal baron was a law unto himself.
In Japan, as In feudal Europe, every
lord or master dispensed justice In his
own affairs, territories, house or fam
ily. Like the ancient paterfamilias,
the Japanese lords had their domestic
tribunals, over which the head of the
family presided as judge and. If need
be, as executioner. But, unlike the
Roman father, the Japanese parent
had not the power of life and death
over his own children, though there
were certain offenses for which he
might summarily kill his wife or
daughters.
A husband who found his wife with
Brother man In any apartment of
"In respect to revenging Injury done
to master or father, it Is granted by
the wise and virtuous (Confucius) that
you and the injurer cannot live to
gether under the canopy of heaven.
A person harboring such vengeance
shall notify the Criminal Court; and
though no check or hindrance may be
offered to his carrying out his desire
within the period allowed for that pur
pose, it Is forbidden that the chastise
ment of an enemy be attended with
riot. Fellows who neglect to give no
tice of their Intended revenge are like
wolves of pretext; and their punish
ment or pardon shall depend upon the
circumstances of the case."
5 Upon giving notice to the Hlo Jo sho
(Criminal Court), the person seeking
revenge was required to state In how
many days or months he could carry
out his intention. The period assigned
was thereupon entered In the book of
the office, and thus the enemy's assas
sination was legalized. The killing of
an enemy without previous notice of
such Intention having been given to the
proper authorities were regarded as
murder, and so punished.
The severe criminal laws of the Tok
ugawa Government were not abolished
when the rule of that famous dynasty
—which had held sway in Tokio from
1603 to 1S58— terminated. Most of the
ancient laws of Iyeyas still remained
in force, though the Government was
easer to adopt a European Judicial
system as soon as. practicable.
In 1870 the judicial department, as a
separate board, was established, under
the progressive, not to say aggressive.
Yeto Shinpei, who was how appointed
Minister of Justice.
Yeto Shinpei, who was always ready
to attempt reforms on a grand scale,
now drafted a new criminal code!
which was framed after the Chinese
criminal code. All severe punishments
•xcept that of beheading were abol-
The results of this vast reform in the
criminal law of Japan are being
watched with great Interest by all
those who believe, with Montesquieu,
that cruel punishments are not only
needlessly severe, but tend to Incite
more brutality in the populace than
they are competent to suppress.
ished, together with the execrable
practice of torture. "
A little later on M. Bolssonade, pro
fessor in the University of Paris., was
employed as legal adviser, and was
commissioned to draft new civil and
criminal code3. -
In 137S the new Criminal Code and
the Code of Criminal Procedure were
promulgated, but they were not act
ually In force until 1831. These codes
were framed after the French codes.
Decapitation was abolished by the new
code, and hanging remained the sole
method of inflicting the death penalty.
Instead of the 250 crimes calling lov
the death penalty under the old sys
tem, capital punishment is now threat
ened only for treason, arson, murder
and rape. Of these four arson is only
capitally punishable in cases of a very
grave nature, accompanied with Ios3 of
life. Penal servitude. Imprisonment
with or without hard labor, fines and
certain police supervision are the only
other punishments inflicted for crimes
less severe than those mentioned
above. Corporal punishment, such as
flogging or whipping. Is no longer per
mitted. Young criminals are sent to
reformatories. Trial by Jury has \ not
been adopted in Japan. Neither is there
any law of the nature of habeas cor
pus, but the Code of Criminal Proced
ure provides that a prisoner must be
brought up for preliminary examina
tion within forty-eight hours from the
time of his apprehension and empow
ers the examining Judge to grant bail,
the prisoner being entitled to complain
to the court if bail is refused.
by the courts without an effeort at sui
cide was deemed unworthy a Japan
ese gentleman. The relatives of an
accused person were always alert to
see that the imprisoned kinsman was
supplied with a suitable weapon for
self-destruction. When this was Im
possible they endeavored %to come to
an understanding with the officer who
"pu\ the question under torture," and
who for an adequate bribe killed his
charge: by a too heavy hand, as If by
accident, thus saving the victim's
family from ruin.
The following were reckoned as
crimes against the state, and were un
der jurisdiction of the Emperor's
magistrates: The breach of any of the
Emperor's ordinances and proclama
tions; misconduct on the part of the
nobles of the empire In the administra
tion of the affairs committed to them
by the Emperor; the embezzlement or
improper appropriation of the revenues
of the empire; the coining of counter
feit seals and money; the forcible car
rying away "of women from the high
lands to the lowlands. Perjury was
also a capital offense when the object
was, to deceive the magistrates In the
exercise of their Judicial authority.
I The usual punishments for_ crimes
against the v state were burning alive;
crucifixion, with the legs In the air and
the head downward; tearing into four
quarters by bulls and, sometimes, being
cast into boiling water* or oil. But
these last two punishments were abol
ished In the sixteenth 'century by
Iyeyas. :>-•.'
In feudal Japan, as among all-bar
barian peoples, the Individual's right
to private vengeance was ; clearly rec
ognized, though certain rules were laid
down with the view to mitigating what
was already beginning to be recog
nized as an evil, even In Iyeyas' time.
Says he: ."¦ -v ';'-
and the military who et.joyed the
privilege of suicide, the merchants,
citizens and other persons of Inferior
rank being, punished at the hands of
the public executioner. As to the
Princes and upper order of nobility,
these were exempt from capital or
corpjoral punishment, and In capital
cases were banished to guarded Isl
ands about forty leagues from the
coast. There they lived a miserable
life of privation and toil.
After a death sentence was pro
nounced the victim's property was
confiscated. But neither the Em
peror nor the lord of the territory in
which the crime was committed
shared in the property arising from
confiscation. The entire proceeds
were handed over to a public re
ceiver, who kept an accurate account
of the. same. .The money was then
appropriated for the erection of pa-.
godas and bridges, to the keeping in
repairs of the highroads and public
houses of worship, or to other works
of public utility.
A "supected man, 'especially If guil
ty, was expected by his relatives to
forestall sentence of death by taking
his own life,* thus saving his prop
ery for his heirs, as ,was done by
many a Roman \ under the Caesars.
The Japanese practice of "harakirl"
arose In this way, though it Is not
clear why the custom of dlsembowel
ment was established in preference to
some other form of suicide. Many
Japanese cut their own throat after
opening the bowels by a cross- wise
cut. There ,are said to be no less
than fifty different modes of dlsem
bowelnient, and all Japanese aspire to
perform the operation with great
coolness and courage, which never
falls to elicit: the praise and admira
tion of their countrymen. ' '. To allow
sentence of death to be pronounced
The rules of Iyeyas are marred by
a law which, while violating no prin
ciple of Mongolian Jurisprudence, car
ries us back In imagination to tha
exceptional atrocities of the mad Ro
man Caesars. It was decreed that
"The guilt of a vassal murdering his
suzerain is the same as that of an
arch traitor to the Emperor. His im
mediate companions, his relations
anl all. even to hlsjnost distant con
nections, shall be cut oft* and mowed
to atoms, root and fiber. The guilt of
a vassal only lifting his hand against
his master, even though he does, not
assassinate him, is the same." , If the
»wife was an accomplice .In the. crime
she too suffered death,' but If she w/as
Innocent of it she was hot condemned
to death, as were the husband's rel
atives, but was merely sold for a
slave." The rule was that women
were to suffer death* only for their
own crimes; but sis|ers, mothers
and daughters were all sold for slaves.
Every male relative was regarded as
his "brother's keeper" so far as crimes
against the state were concerned, and
upon " the condemnation of, one male
member of the family the others were
duly notified of the date ;of his execu
tion and were .expected .to rip open
their own stomachs at the appointed
day and hour, which they never failed
to do. But it was only the nobles
punishment of burning, exposition of
the head after decapitation, or cruci
fixion and transfixion."
Murder, whether perpetrated sud
denly in the heat of passion or as the
result of cold-blooded treachery, was
punished by death, as were all forms
of grave criminality. For such-"of
fenses as have been mentioned no one
suffered but the criminal and his vic
tim. But for crimes against the state
the criminal's whole race was ex
tirpated.
which the door was. shut was allowed
to kill them both, although the event
was attended by no more suspicious
circumstances. The /husband was ex
onerated without any proof of his
wife's infidelity. In fact, if the hus
band happened to be away, the father
of the wife, her son, her brother or any
other relation could exercise the same
right and represent the husband. Even
a male servant belonging to the house
could do the same.
Until the middle of the sixteenth:
century thjere was practically no limit
to the cruelty with which the peasants,
civilians and merchants were treated;
they were all alike despised by the mil
itary chiefs and their followers and
dally subjected to the grossest Indigni
ties and tortures. The slightest offense
committed by a member of any of
these classes was punished by death,
even for theft above the value of a
penny. This law was still in force as
late as 1880, and crucifixion was still
the penalty.
The One Hundred Rules of Takugawa
Iyeyas (who came into supreme power
toward the close of the sixteenth cen
tury) abolished many harsh customs
which had prevailed In Japan for
centuries. These rules were originally
Intended principally for those who
formed the Emperor's own court — "the
military chiefs and their two-sword
followers"— who were to act as execu
tive functionaries throughout the em
pire; but It was also declared that
these rules were to serve also as "a
general basis of the law of the em
pire," which they, in fact, continued
to be until the formal abolition of
feudalism by imperial decree In 1S7L
Though criminals were no longer to
be boiled in oil or torn asunder by
bulls, the laws of Iyeyas prescribed
that the lncendiarist, the poisoner and
the counterfeiter of seals and coins
were to be subjected to "the severe
By Maynard Sfoipley
JUSTICE AND CRIME IN JAPAN
' ""Y V'EUT human face is a book
"I - of- on? thousand pages. Each
. -Li of these pases illustrates a dif
ferent phase of character,
emotion and temperament.
In assuming a desired expression I
dose my eyes fur a moment and sug
gest to myself the picture of the type
I wish to portray; in other words, I
hypnotize m:*self for the moment into
that character. There are certuin well
defined typos that invariably stand
for well recognized characteristics.
The Madonna type, for Instance, is al
ways depicted with large, round eyes.
The maid who laughs spontaneously,
showing regular, pearl-white teeth tltly
and frankly displayed, is sure to be a
creature of remarkable mental balance.
The serious girl smiles hard. She
contemplates her smile before she gives
it. and she rarely laughs aloud. Add to
this deep-set eyes with dark shadows,
and the result is earnestness, wistful
ness, introspection.
The long-eyed girl with a restless ew
pression is apt to be suspicious and
jealous.
The smiling habit shows a lack of
firmness.
women of tremendous resolution and
concentration have a calm expression.
The lips are pressed firmly together
and they show little of their teeth In
talking, or even when they smile.
The lines that indicate a love of gos
sip are readily recognized. There Is the
telltale droop to the corners of the
mouth, which a woman's face always
assumes Just after she has Inquired if
you know the latest about Mr. or Mrs.
So-and-so. These lines are found on
the faces of people who tell you dis
agreeable things about your friends or
the truth about yourself.
Lines are caused by muscular con
traction and are a most faithful and
unerring record of our pasts.
KATE CONDON.
The Gibson girl, with her head slight
ly tilted back and the mouth with its
downward curves at the corners, is the
best expression of superiority of bear
ing. She can make you feel like apolo
gizing for existing.
The harmoniously featured girl, with
clear, straightforward eyed, depicts
honesty of purpose. She suffers and
enjoys- life honestly and has no fake
emotions.
trustful and calm; the Oriental with
long, narrow eye?, whose oblique,
dreamy glance Is. nevertheless, ever
' -, ***;.- ¦ ¦¦'" -
watchful.
To assume a given expression ln
stanter I find two things necessary:
flexibility of feature to begin with and
a knowledge of expressions and what
they stand for. I get this by studying
faces on the street. In the cars and in
fact every place I go.
The first thins that struck me about
the Western girl was her laugh. Each
part of the world has Its type of ex
pression which predominates, and tha
San Francisco girl's laugh is c-rtainlv
a merry one. She takes life less seri
ously than does her Eastern sister.
To the woman of the Latin races
tradition has handed down the ma
ternal expression and the typical
Madonna face is Italian.
Drooping lines indicate the heavier
emotions, such as hatred, revenge, etc.;
the light, mirthful, happy lines are
always upward.
The girl that half smiles at you with
a merry knowing look is "on to your
curves." She sizes you up In a glance.
She has a good memory, too, but she
does not take you seriously. She
smiles and forgives and never knows
that the world Is hard and selfish, no
matter how long she lives.
The free and easy laugh, the absolute
confidence in one's charms, mark the
coquette whose short upper lip, indi
cative of conceit, is easily curled Into
disdain for the unappreclative one.
Even in repose smiles and scorns lurk
here, ready on the instant to be called
into play.
The large, horizontal-line mouth.
with evenly proportioned lips, charac
terize the sterner virtues — truthfulness,
justice, firmness, loyalty to a causo to
a finish.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY .CALL.
A WOMAN'S PAGE AND ITS
EMOTIONAL EXPRESSIONSyoung ladles can promise more In half
an hour than they can perform all the
rest of their lives — he would retire Into
the dark recesses of his mind and dig
up a choice collection of doubts and
fears made specially for just such an
occasion. The young lady might be
handsome and sprightly, but would she
be w'lllng to take In washing or do
china palntins: by the day if it should
ever become necessary?, She might be
intellectual and her mind might appear
good for a five-round go with Ituskln
or Herbert Spencer without extra train
ing, but would she be willing to got up
In the middle of the night and climb
to thu top shelf of the closet for the
paregoric, bottle? She might have
money, but what a sad blow it would
be to one who truly loved her if.sfie
should happen to lose it— or refuse to
part with it easily! These are merely
samples of the way that, this miser
able representative of the human race
exercised his morbid imagination.
While he was sitting up nights paint
ing black pictures of things that prob
ably wouldn't happen and couldn't be
helped If they did,.* a malevolent fe
male person stole up behind him and
married him unawares, so to speak.
At any rate she dragged him off .the
perch before he*had' had time to- fix
up a real good 'worry. After marriage
he discovered that the possibilities .he
had feared were beds of ro'se leaves
compared with the. things that that
woman did to him. But It -was • too
late to worry about'lt, and besides he
had found something elsa, to occupy
get licked and as a result have the
bottom knocked out of our credit. What
woula have appealed to most of us
t:s a dead sure thing looked so full of
holts to this poor worm that he could
see right through it. Finally he sold
all his securities and brought his
money home where he could sit in
front of the safe with a shotgun day
and night. Along about the second
week of this performance the house
took tire and the firemen dragged the
marl: out of the ravaging element with
all the hair singed off his head and
most of his wearing apparel missing.
The final end of this unattractive
individual overtook him after a long,
stern chase, eorraling him in the poor
house after driving him out of all the
old men's homes In the State. But he
had died so many times already in an
ticipation that his eventual demise was
really only a matter of form gone
through with more for the sake of the
feelings of the undertaker and the offi
ciating clergyman than for any other
reason. The last words that he was
heard to ¦ utter v/ere expressive of a
foar that his halo would not be a last
year's pattern.
The reasons for relating this sad tale
of human woe are many and various
and most of them are unimportant,
but it Is well to note at least the fact
that while we are working ourselves
into premature old age by crossing
bridges before we come to them, we are
likely to break our necks tumbling over
a bank where there Isn't any bridge at
all.
¦ (Copyright, 1904, by Albert Britt)
THE only thing that you can al
ways be sure of finding a ready
market for Is trouble, and the
worse it Is the more easily you
can find some one -who is willing:
to borrow it. The market for real
money may be as tight as a sea-going
submarine; it may be that the only
way to raise a loan of $5 on approved
security is by a return to the good
old way, the simple plan, of convinc
ing your would-be, or rather wouldn't
be, creditor with a sandbag or an im
pressive six-shooter, even the Standard
Oil Company may take to the woods,
or the free lunch, but trouble of all
grades and degrees of blackness will
be quoted as firm and easy. Another
fact that should be noted in the cur
rent quotations of trouble is that the
more a man has the more he wants to
borrow. Most men are never able to
get enough.
That's the way it was with a certain
brother to the ox and own cousin to
the original scapegoat whose opera
tions we will now pry Into with an in
quisitive eye. People with weak eyes
are recommended to abstain from this
prying experiment, as it Is a severe
strain on enfeebled optics. This par
ticular relative of the bovine tribe
spent most of hi3 time on the quarter
deck scanning the horizon for dark
clouds of trouble. The days that he
couldn't raise at least one cyclonic dis
turbance in his mental atmosphere
were not only rare but most disap
pointing to him. In his new and re
vised edition the sacred words of the
Doet were made to read:
the anticipatory department cf his
idea factory.
His father had been careful to provide
his unworthy offspring with enough of
this world's goods to keep him from
want — if not from wanting. The aver
age man in his place would have been
content to sit on the front veranda
and watch the hired man shovel divi
dends into the coal cellar.' Not only
his next meal but all his meals for two
or' three thousand' years to come were
guaranteed, and he was sure of a place
to sleep in and enough clothes to en
able him to walk the streets with com
fort, if not elegance. He coulu even
.buy twenty tons of' coal 'at one fell
swoop, and the monthly dawn ot the
butcher's bill was not calculated to
cause him any great mental perturba
tion. Most men would have read the
chapter about taking no thought for
the tnorrow — or any other day — and let
it go at that, but not so with the manu
facturer of trouble. The part that ap
pealed to him as causing the greatest
number. of spinal creeps to the minute
was tnat "which referred to the possible
activities of moth and rust and more
dangerous eradicatois of worldly
wealth.
Then he would dash around the cor
ner to the ticker and see what the
latest changes -had been in the United
States Three*' Somehow he had in idea
that Government "bonds were not safe
investments for gentlemen of moderate
means and an immoderate indisposition
to do hard labor. We might get tan
gled up in a war with Abyssinia and
Count that day lost whose sun's not rendered
dim
By lowering clouds of worry dark and grim.
When he was supposed to be se
dulously conning the bright lexicon of
youth he was constantly wrestling with
the notion that the next page would
reveal to view the fatal word which
he was reliably Informed was not in
the book. Instead of throwing all con
siderations of care and prudence to the
winds and sneaking over the fence to
where his neighbor's watermelons lay
fair and smiling In the sun he would
hang around on the*outside and won
der how it would feel to be bitten by
the low-browed canine whose duty It
was to patrol that beat. While he was
wasting t.:ie in wondering, the canine
aforesaid strolled up and dispelled all
doubts that he possessed on the nature
and arrangement of dog teeth. Then
the youngster would worry because
hydrophobia didn't appear at once ac
cording to schedule.
It was the same, only more so, as he
rose in the scale of age. Most young
men would look the landscape over
more or less carefully, and when their
eyes lit on some particularly likely
specimen of the usually fair sex would
go In and win; in case they didn't pull
off the affair In the manner they had
anticipated, they would retire to take a
fresh reef in their courage, preparatory
to going after another sample of the
genus mentioned. Our grand chief of
the v Order • of Trouble Anticipators
couldn't do the thing in any such sim
ple manner. It didn't matter how prom
ising a young lady might be— and &l\
Fables for the Foolislhi
THE TROUBLES THAT NEVER COME
praised for years in nearly every news
paper on this or the other side of the
Atlantic, we fall back dismayed, with
a Fense of the deepest disappointment
and aggravation, and wonder why we
have be«*n no deceived.
Taken in the majority, the women of
Great Britain are supposed to hold the
palm of beauty against all other wom
en of the nations of the world, and if
the word "beauty" be changed to pret
tiness the Fupposition is no doubt cor
rect. It is somewhat unfortunate, how
ever, that either through the advice of
their dressmakers or their own erro
neous conception of form they should
appear to resent the soft outlines and
gracious curves of nature, for either by
the overexcess of their outdoor sports
or the undue compression of corsets
they are gradually doing away with
their originally intende'd shapes and be
coming as flat-chested as Jockeys under
training. No flat-chested woman is
pretty. No woman with large hands,
large feet and the coarse muscular
throat and jaw developed by constant
bicycle riding can be called fascinating.
The bony and resolute lady whose lines
of figure run straight down without a
curve anywhere from head to heel may
possibly be a good athlete, but her
looks are by no means to her advan
tage. Men's hearts are not enthralled
or captured by a something appearing
to be neither man nor woman. And
there are a great many of these some-
things about just now. I am ignorant
as to whether American women go in
for mannish sports as frequently and
ardently as their British sisters, but 1
notice that they have daintier hands
and feet and less pronounced "muscle."
At the same time American women on
an average are not so pretty as British
women on the same average. The
American complexion is unfortunate.
Often radiant and delicate in earliest
youth, it fades with maturity like a
brilliant flower scorched by too hot a.
sun, and once ' departed returns no
more. The clear complexion of British
women is their best feature. The nat-
ural rose and white skin of an English.
Irish or Scottish girl — especially a girl
born and bred in the countrr — is won
derfully fiesh and lovely and lasting,
and often accompanies her right .
through her life to old age; that is. of
course, if she leaves it alone and is sat
isfied to merely keen it clean, without
any "adornment" from the beauty doc
tor. And, though steadily withholding
the divine word "beauty" from the
greater portion of the "beauties" at the
court of Kins Edward VII, it. is un
questionably the fact that the, prettiest
women in all the world are the British.
"Americans are likely to contest this.
Us lack of wit. It Is a good thing to
have a pretty face; but if the face be
only like a wax mask, moveless and
expressionless, it soon ceases to at-
" tract. The loveliest picture would bore
us if we had to stare at it dumbly all
day. And thore is undeniably a stiff
ness, a formality and often a most
rcpellant and unsympathetic coldness
about the British fair sex which re
acts upon the men and women of other
more warm-hearted and impulsive na
tions in a manner highly disadvan
tageous to the ladies or our Fortunate
Isles. For it is not real stiffness, or
re,al formality after all— nor is it the
snowy chill of a touch-me-not chastity,
by any means — it is merely a. moat
painful and in many cases most ab
surd self-consciousness. British wom
en are always more or less wondering
what theic'sister women are thinking
about them. They tan manage their
men all right: but they put on curious
and unbecoming airs directly other
feminine influences than their own
c<jme into play. They invite the com
ment; of the opposite sex. but they
dread the criticism of their own. The
owkward girl who sits on the edge trt" a
chair with her feet scraping the carpet
and her hands twiddling uneasily In
her lap is awkward simply because she
has, by some means or other, been
made self-conscious — and because, in *
tht- excess of this self-conscioasness.
she stupidly imagines every one in tht:
room must be staring at her. The av
erage -London woman, dressed like a
fashion plate, who rustles in at after
noon tea, with her card-case well in
evidence, and her face carefnly set in
proper "visiting" lines, offers herself up
in this way as a subject for the satirist
out of the same disfiguring self-con
sciousness, which robs her entirely of
the indifference, ease and careless grace
which should— to quote the greatest of
American philosophers. Emerson —
cause her to "repel interference by a
decided and proud choice of influ
ences." and to "inspire every beholder
with something of her own nobleness."
She is probably not naturally formal — •
she is no doubt exceedingly constrained
and uncomfortable in her fashionable at
tire — and one may take it for granted
that she would rather be herself than
try to be a something which is a
nothing. But custom ami convention
are her bo^ie man, always guarding
her on either side, and investing her
too often with such deplorable self-con
sciousness that her eye becomes fur
tive, her mouth hard and secretive, her
conversation inane and her whole per
sonality an uncomfortable exhalation
o£ stupidity and dullness.
Nevertheless, setting custom and
convention apart for t'ne nonce, and
bidding th«>m descend into the shad
ows of hypocrisy which is their native
atmosphere, the British woman re
mains th? prettiest in the world. What
a galaxy of feminine charms can be
gathered under the word "British!"
England. Ireland, Wales and Scotland
oner all together such countless
examples of woman's loveliness that It
would be diflicuit, if not impossible, to
give the prize for good looks to one
portion of Britain more than th«
other. America, so far as her s.imples
have been and are seen in Europe,
cannot outr ; val the "old country" in
the prettiness of its women. But it Is
prettiness only; not beuuty. Beauty
remains intrinsically where it was first
born and first admitted into the an
raki of art nnfl" lircraturc. Its home is*
still in "the Isle of Greece, where burn
ing Sappho loved and sung." Nothing
that was ever created in the way of
female loveliness can surpass the
beauty of ;i beautiful Greek woman.
True, she is as rare as a buttertly in
a snowstorm. True, the women of
Athens and of Greece generally, taken
iv the rough majority, are not on nn
average even pretty. Nevertheless the
palm of beauty remains with them — ¦
because they are always two — or may
be three of them, who dawn year by
year upon the world in all the old
j-<?rfection of the classic models, anrt
who might truly be taken for newly
descended goddesses, so faultlessly
formed, so exquisitely featured are
they. They are not famed by the so
citty paragraphist. and they probably
Trill not get the chance of moving in
the cncles of the British "Upper Ten"
or thr American "Four Hundred." But
thty are the daughters or Aphrodit-i
still, and hold fast their heavenly
mother's attributes. It 13 easy to find
a hundred or more pretty British and
American women for ono beautiful
Greek — but when found, the beautiful
Greek "eclipses them all. She is still
the wonder of the world — the crown
of womanly beauty at its best. She
shows the heritage of her race in her
regal step and freedom of movement —
in the lovely curses of her figure, in'
the classic perfection of her face with
its broad brows, lustrous eyes, arched
sweet lips and delicate contour of chin
ar.d throat, and perhaps more than all
in. the queenly indifference she bears
toward her own loveliness. So
Fill hlEh th;- bowl witft Samlan wine.
On Sair? hank and Farga's shore.
Exists ihe remnant of a line
Such as the Doric mothprs bore;
And there jwrhaps Km s>e«l is sown
¦The HeracleUan blood might own!
And there still may be found the
perfection of womanhood — the one
rare Greek lily, which blossoming at
few nnd far intervals shows in its ex
quisite form and coloring w,hat woman
should be at her fairest. To her there
fore must be given the palm. of beauty
— but after the lily, then the rose! — or
rather the roses, multitudinous, varied,
and always sweet — the women of Brit
ain.
?Byron.
CCopyrlffht 1904. by the Central
Ken Press Exchange.
1 T would seem. according to the so
5 ciety press, that beauty Is a very
JL common article. Indeed, if we
are to accent, the innocent ebul
litions of the callow youths who drink
beer and play skittles in the Social
paragraph line or Journalism, and
who in their soft sruilolessness are
taken : a and "used* by certain ladies
of the type resembling Miss Skeggs
and Lady Blarney in the "Vicar of
Wakefield," we are bound to believe
that beautiful women are as common
•as blackberries, only more fo. In the
columns devoted by newspaper edi
tors to the meanderir.gs of those in
telligent persons, male and female,
who sign themselves as Onlookers,
Observers, Butterflys, Little Tom-tits,
and what may be culled "X Spysl"
generally, one hardly ever sees the
name of a lady without the epithet
"beautiful" tacked on to it. especially
if the lady happens to have money.
This is curious, but true. And sup
posing the so-called Beautiful One h»;s
not only money, commonly speaking 1 ,
but heaps of money, mines of money,
5h<? is always stated to be "young" as
well. The heavier the bullion the
more assured the youthfulness. If
unkind time shows her to be
the mother of a family where the
eldest sprout is some twenty odd years
of age. the complaisant "I Spy" is
equal to the occasion and writes of
her thus — "The beautiful Mrs. Juno-
Athene brought her eldest girl, look
ing more like her sister than her
mother." Whereat Mrs. Juno-Athene
is satisfied — everybody smiles, and
all things are cozy and comfortable.
c If any one should dare say, espeeially
in print, that Mrs. Juno-Athene is
r.ot "beautiful" at all. nor "youthful"
in either looks or bearing, there would
be ructions. Somebody would get in
to trouble. The "I Spy" might even
.be dismissed from his or her post of
social paragraphist of the Daily Er
ror. Heaven forbid that such a catas
trophe should happen through the in
discretion of a mere miserable truth
monger. Let Mrs. Juno-Athene be
eternally beautiful and eternally
young. by all means, so' long as she
can afford to pay for it. The hum
bug of it is at any rate kindly anJ
chivalrous, and does nobody any
harm, while it puts money in the
i'Ume of the hard-working: penster,
who is compelled to deal delicately
with these little social matters some
times, or else ruminate on a dinner
instead <>f eatin? it-
N'evertheless, despise the "I Spys"
¦id the perennial charms of Mrs. Jurio-
Miii :).-. Lx-auty in as rare and choice
a thing as ever it was in days of old
ahen men went mad for it. and Greeks
r.ud Trojans fought for Helen, who.
*o s.iTn- historians say. was past forty
when ht-r bewitching fairness set tee
m>u1 of Troy on fire. A really beauti
ful woman is scarcely ever seen, not
even, in Great Britain, where average
Rood looks are pleasantly paramount.
Krettfness— the prettiness which is
made up of a good skin, bright eyes,
poft and abundant hair and a supple
figure — la quite ordinary. It can b~
t-.f-n every day among barmaids, shop
- sir!* and milliners' mannequins. Hut
beauty— the divine and subtle charm
which enraptures all beholders— the
perfect form united to the perfect face
in which pure and noble thought is
< xpressed in every feature, in every
glance of eye. in every smile that
snakes a sweet mouth sweetpr — this !s
v. hat we search for through all the isles
of Britain, ay, and through Kurope and
America and the whole world besides,
and seldom or never nfld it. Nin^
t^nths of the women who are styled
"beautiful" by the society paragrarh
ist possess merely the average good
looks — the r<»Pt are generally more
particularly distinguished by some sin
gle trait which may perchance be nat
ural and may equally be artificial, such
as uncommon colored hair (which may
b<? dyed), a brilliant complexion (which
may be put on), or a marvelously
"svelte" figure (which may be the
happy result of carefully designated
corsets, well pulled Int. Most of th»s
eulogized "beauties" of the upper ten
to-day have, or are able to get, suf
ficient money or credit supplied to
them for dressing -veil— and not only
•well, but elaborately and extravagant
ly, and dress is often the "beauty" in-
Fteaxl of the woman. To judge whether
the woman herself is really beautiful
•without the modiste's assistance, It
•would be necessary to see her deprived
of all her fashionable clothes. Her
bought hair should be taken off and
only the natural remainder left. She
should be content to stand sans paint,
Eans powder, sans black coil, sans eor
eets, in a plain white gown, falling
from her neck and shoulders to her
feet, and thus cheaply yet decently
clad Eubmit herself to the gaze of her
male flatterers In full daylight. How
many of the "beautiful" Mrs. Juno-
Athenes or the "Lovely" Lady Spend
thrifts could stand Fuch a test un
flinchingly? Yet the simplest drap
eries clothe the Greek marbles when
they are clothed at all, and Jewels and
fripperies on the goddess Diana would
make her grace seem vulgar and her
. perf ection common. Beauty, real
" beauty, needs no "creator of costume"
to define it, but is. as the poet says,
when unadorned, adorned the most.
Now it Is absolutely impossible to
meet v.ith any "unadorned" sort of
beauty in those circles of rank and
fashion where the society paragraphist
basks at his or her pleasure. On the
contrary, there is bo much over-adorn
ment In vogue that It is sometimes
difficult to find the actual true color
and personality of certain ladies whose
charms are daily eulogized by an
obliging press. Layers of pearl enamel
picked out with rouge entirely conceal
their human identity. It Is doubtful
lvhethor there was ever more face
painting and "faking up" of beauty
than tb^re is now*-never did beauty
ppecialists and beauty doctors drive
mch a roaring trade. The profits of
beaxtty faking are enormous. Some
jdea of It may be gained by the fact
that th. er e is a certain shrewd and
hichly Intelligent "doctor" in Paris
who, seeing which way the wind of
fashion blows, brews a harmless little
mixture of rose water, eau de cologne,
tincture of benzoin and cochineal,
which materials are quite the reverse
of costly, and calling it by a pretly
sobriquet, sells the same at 23 shillings
a bottle! He is making a fortune out
of women's stupidity. Is this good
• "doctor." and who shall blame him?
Fools exist merely that the wise may
use them. One has only to read the
ladies' papers, especially the adver
tisements therein, to grasp a faint
notion of what is being done to spur
"on the "beauty" craz*\ Yet beauty re
mains as rare and remote as ever, and
often when we Fee some of the ladies
v.'hose "exquisite loveliness" has been
They will, as. indeed, in true chivalry
they must, declare that their own
'¦beauties" aTe best. But one can only
speak from personal experience, and I
am bound to say that I have never seen
a~ pretty American woman pretty
enough to beat a pretty British woman.
This, with every possible admission
made for the hard-working society
paragraphist, compelled to write of
numerous "¦beautiful" Ladies So-and-
So, and "charmTng*' Airs, C'ashboxes,
who. when one comes to look at them,
are neither •beautiful"' nor "charming"
at all. And British feminine prettiness
would be infinitely more captivating
than it is. if it were associated with a
little extra additional touch of vivacity
and Intelligence. When it is put in the
shade (as frequently happens) by the
sparkling allurements of the Viennese
coquette, the graceful savoir faire of
the French mnndalne, or the enticing
charm of lustrous-eyed sirens from
southern Italy, it is merely because of
¦ • ¦ - - ......
THE SAN FRANCISCO V SUNDAY, CALU.
THE PALM OF BEAUTYFew of that -great throng could see
in the slightly built, blonde young Eng
lishman, whose clothes fitted so bad
ly, anything to win the love of Con
suelo Vanderbilt, but not one among
them but believed that he must see
much to love in a delicate, fragile
young woman who took his name and
title. #
4P
week gathered at stately old Blenheim
with no hostess to bid them welcome.
She had given up the fight' and was
willing to let the world know that life
with this ninth Duke of Marlborough
was not all roses. She spent last
Easter with her father In Paris.
"Blunderland House" rears Its ugly
form in Mayfair, half completed, the
ugliest structure in all England; a
monument to this latest head of a
noted family.
The story is a strange sequel to the
reports that filled the press of two
continents when 1500 persons crowded
into St. Thomas Church, New York,
that day in November, 1895, when five
dignitaries of the Episcopal church
united in tying the knot that bound
together a family renowned for its
money with one noted for its military
deeds of valor. ,
the paling was removed London's po
lite society snickered and the lower
half plainly jeered. It was the "sight"
Qf London, and the longer the British
gazed at the great pile the more they
were amused until "Blunderland
House," as it is now called, rivaled
Punch as a laugh provoker in the
English. "So like the Duke!" they
said.
The Duke deserted his task and the
work lagged and almost stopped.' They
gave a great reception for charity In
the Curzon-street house. The Duko
was absent, but no one else In all of
London's smart set. They wanted to
see the Inside of the show and they
did.
Not a room was finished, even the
Duchess* own boudoir was almost bare
of furnishings and but half completed.
Great spaces yawned in the walls
where . priceless Boucher, tapestries
were to have ' hung and carpetless
floors echoed to the tramping feet.
Ornate' electroliers made garish
show in rooms planned for the mel
low light of stained glass windows,
but where the sun poured in unchal
lenged through ordinary crystals.
Then the annual party at Easter
Young Churchill made his first mis
take in the purchase of the land in
Curzon street, paying Lord Howe
nearly three times what .the site was
worth. He planned the great pile
himself and considerately hid from
the world his architectural mon
strosity in an Immense hoarding until
the exterior was completed. When
"With the outbreak of the Boer war
the Duke felt that opportunity had
come to distinguish himself and he
went to the front, but he returned un
scathed and unhonored. Yet the plucky
Uttle American girl had faith in him.
To her, at least, he was a hero, and
for her sake W. K. Vanderbilt hon
ored the family hero, by the, gift of the
wherewithal to build SunderlandHouse,
in the hope that it would furnish a
common center in which the young peo
ple might find a mutual interest that
would bring them back together.
that drove him furious with anger,
from the House:
"In Africa," he said, "the natives wed
women that they may be supported In
Idleness by them, but far worse is the
practice of impecunious British peers,
who marry rich Americans solely for
their wealth!"
CUCUMBER LOTION (Jessie),
The most valuable elements In this
vegetable lotion are Its astringent and
•whitening properties. Coarse grained
ekin Is greatly Improved by Its use as
it tends to reduce the size of tha pores,
making the skin firm as well as whiter
and thus preventing Incipient wrinkles.
You can readily make tha lotion for
yourself and know that it is pure, using
the Juice from tha fresh vegetable,
which is now so plentiful. Take well
developed cucumber* — rip* ones ar»
the best — wash and cut Into thin slices
without peeling; stand them in & warm
room until wilted and the Julco begins
to collect in the bottom of the vessel—
always use an earthen or glass bowl
then finish pressing out with the hands
or a wooden vegetable masher and
strain the Juice through fine cheese
cloth. The ingredients are as follows:
Three ounces of cucumber juice, six
ounces rose water, one ounce simple
tincture of benzoin, two ounces eau da
cologne. Mix the rose water and ben
zoin, shake well and let stand for sev
eral hours. Mix the eau de cologne
and cucumber. Juice and then pour in
the rose water and benzoin mixture.
Strain all through fine cheese cloth
to remove -any curdled particles and
bottle for use. Yes, it is very import
tant to always wash the face thorough*
ly to remove face powder, grime, eta.
before applying the astringent lotion.
REDUCING FLESHY ARMS (M*a.
M. T.)^— After on* passes th* ag» «f
85 th* arms begin to los* firmness be
tween th* shoulders and elbows. Ill*
muscles become flabby and th* Cash
seems to Increase greatly, hands*
loose and causing ugly lines. Th* mo
ment this condition becomes apparent
massage must b* employed to restore
th* well-rounded contour. A flash
brush, massage roller, slmpl* bath, mit
ten or the bare hand may b* used. Bo
gin at the shoulder, grasp th* flesh of
the arm with the hand and work down
ward to the wrist in a wringing, twist
ing motion, repeating several times,
being careful not to bruls* th* fleah.
Then pick up the flesh between th*
fingers and the thumb in a firm pinch-
Ing and rolllnj motion, going over th»
entire arm. Next, with mitten or
brush, strok* the arm firmly from
shoulder to wrist. After th* regular
warm bath always sponge the arms
with cold water to assist In giving ton*
and firmness to the skin. If you will
be peralstent with this treatment I am
sura you will see a marked Improve
ment.
ret the shaking tip that a box does
when It comes down hard on on» cor
ner. Remember on* ?M^y In pack
ing 1 — don't be afraid of tha paper. It
la real economy In th* lone run ffvwn
If yon do hav» to pay s> littl* mor*
freight.
John Churchill knew no duty save
the duty of a sublime selfishness and
he hesitated at no act to advance him
self. He juggled the national finances
and when advantage offered he un
hesitatingly bestrayed James II, his
King and benefactor, to William and
Mary of Orange. This betrayal profit
ed him little, for it was not until
weak, vacillating Queen Anne came to
the throne that Churchill once more
dominated the court.
Although he had married early in
life, he was a roue and a profligate
who dispensed his favors like a mer
chant selling his wares. History says
that one of his paramours, alone, gave
him S2o 000, an immense sum in those
days. His wife. Sarah Jennings, a wo
man of obscure \blrth and a servant
possessed a rare sympathy for him
for schemer never had a better help
mate than he, in the first Duchess of
J25 bor . OUBh -, paring his absence from
teMBt Queen in hls ln 
«>,^L Sl ?£ C ? a u hl 5 furth « history will
show that the founder of the gTeat
house of Marlborough was not the
She brought him a eett!*ta«nl «f IX,
000,000 to save or waste aa h* pleased
and oa her were settled ttn xaHIkms
mor*.
If th* spirit mt Xbm old Comnwdon
attended that wedding ha must have
felt that the great fortune which he
had established wu coming to bad
ends Indeed, 'when so much money
should go to enrich th* family of no
torious John Churchill. The old Com
modore waa a man of Integrity and
honesty, viewed In the light of these
days of lax consciences, and while he
Juggled with the stock market at times
to increase his store, he never would
have stooped to Juggle with the
finances and honor of a nation or to
purchase one step in his advancement,
at the sacrifice of a woman's name, as
did John Churchill, the first Duke of
Marlborough.
John Churchill was miserably poor,
with little chance of recognition at
court. He had been educated by char
ity and was a seedy hanger-on on the
outskirts of the notorious Court of
James II, with no asset in the world,
save a handsome face and figure and
the selfish love of a beautiful sister, Ar
abella, Churchill, ever crafty, looking:
well to the main chance, saw in his
sister's beauty an opportunity for him
self and he contrived to bring; her to
the attention of the King.
Arabella became the lultant of
James, and from 'that day John
Churchill knew what It was to bask
In the sunshine of royal favor. It Is
strange that even the military achieve
ments of this man can overshadow
the fact that his almost every step up
ward was due to his sister's position;
that the fortune, the opportunity ha
enjoyed, was reared on the founda
tion of her broken heart.
This viEit of Mrs. Beimont followed
the first sign of trouble, when the press
dispatches told of the Marlboroughs
being in Paris together, but living in
separate hotels. A good deal of noto
riety came of this, but the trouble was
patched up, at least for the sake of ap
pearances. The young Duchess hon
estly loving her husband, wishing him
to do something of which Bhe might be
proud, spurred him on to enter politics
Then the Duke made his famous as
sault in the House of Lords— something
that amused England for many a day.
He made himself more or less silly by
a series of dull speeches and nale plati
tudes. The people smiled sympatheti
cally and passed little or no comment
on his effort to be noticed. The Duke
was bright enough to know that he had
made himself absurd, and he blamed
his wife for luring him into a position
where he was a laughing stock.
Then he was appointed paymaster
general of the army and made himself
very much disliked. He aspired to the
vice royalty of Ireland,. but the mas
terly campaign of the young Duchess
was not sufficient to overcome the dif
ficulties In the way and he had to be
content with the • portfolio of Under
Secretary of the Colonies. He made
no mark here and the House of Com
mons began to open up its batteries on
him.
It was at this time that sturdy John
Burns, In a speech on the Chinese la
bor bill, noticing the Duke in the gal
lery, suddenly deserted the plain trend
of his argument to- cleverly lead up to
the remark, aimed at Marlborough,
If report be true, the young Duke
was told plainly that he would be ex
pected to do something; he must make
a mark for himself in the world, main
tain, to outsiders at least, a simula
tion of the affection and respect he
once was believed to have for his
young wife — then money would not be
lacking, in reason. But he was given to
understand that the Vanderbilt dollar
was an honest and a hard-earned coin,
and it was not to be wasted on foolish
extravagances that would bring only
misery to the American girl wife.
The Duke, it is said, made promises,
but seemingly he did not fulfill them.
Probably he thought Vanderbllt pere
would put up more millions rather than
face the scandal of an open breach.
But the Duke had not figured either on
the pluck of his wife or the possibility
of a mother-in-law.
bringing happiness to the young
American wife, who spent most of her
time alone in the great halls of tlie
English palace. The $3,000,000 of a
marriage settlement that the Duchess
had brought her husband was almost
gene, frittered away in a manner
known only to the world of titles.
There was not enough money to keep
up the style he considered necessary
to maintain the dignity of his position
and title.
But the reason for it all. Only a
few of London's millions know this.
The wise ones say the beginning was
In an angry scene" in one of the email
drawing-rooms In Blenheim last
March, when Mrs. Beimont, mother of
the Duchess, braved the lion in his den
and laid home to him what would be
required of him if he expected to find
financial favor at the hands of the
Vanderbllt family. There had been
*ome trouble before this time, many
rather wild extravagances, and the
press was filled with more or less gar
bled reports of the unhapplness of the
young Duchess. Nothing was ever
*ald or related regarding the result of
the visits of Mrs. Beimont to Blen
heim. But since that time gossip has
reached the public In dribs and drabs
until a fairly accurate account of the
scene is reasonable public property.
Sen-ants will talk despite even the
financial advantages of working for
such a family as the Marlboroughs.
Mrs. Beimont, it is said, freely taxed
the young Duke with his shortcomings
and placed before him the only condi
tions, stated to him seven years before,
on which the Vanderbilt dollar would
appear, for despite the fact that Willie
K. Vanderbilt and his first wife long
«go decided to go their separate ways,
there Is yet a tacit understanding as
to Just what ftiall be done for young
Marlborough.
His veins, used to the* virus of
bachelor life, inherited from the first
Duke of Marlborough and the seven
irenerations of wild Marlboroughs that
lay between, a dire failure in politics
and anything but a heroic figure in
the Boer war, the old life of the
operas and the vaudeville halls won
back the young Duke and he was once
more leading the life of his bachelor
dsy*.
There may not have been anything
«o very terrible in this, but it was not
pleasing to Mrs. Beimont, nor was it
many of the valuable pictures that
adorned the walis of Blenheim shows
this. Dukes Felling works of art at
auction m^ans only one thing. Many
Impecunious titled folk in England
from time to time have parted with
their art treasures to tide over finan
cial stringency, but sales of this char
acter are privately arranged. .Rarely
do they call in the auctioneer.
You will have learned by cable of the
Christie sale. It created a sensation
throughout every part of England.
The famous picture of Gladstone by
Frank Hold, two beautiful Titians, a
Hobbema, jiu Alma Tadema and three
examples of the Italian school that
have Ion? hung on the walls of Blen
heim went under the hammer and
brought but a trifle. This, with the
broad spaces of the walis of unfinished
Sunderland House without the pres
tige of a picture has, of course, set
London Hiking over the Duke"s "sac
rifice."
PACKING CHINA (Mrs. J. M.). —
Professional packers frequently have
bad luck In packing and if I were you
I would not trust china and crystal to
any one but yourself. In the first place
lay in a generous supply of tissue pa
per and keep all the newspapers that
come to your hands, for paper is much
better than cotton inasmuch as It has
more spring and will give easier.
Wrap the cups and saucers separately
and use plenty of tissue ami then
wrap up each generously In newspa
per. Between pieces and here and
there generally crumple up a paper
and bury the article in it. for If It is
jarred It will quiver a little and not
be damaged in the least. Barrels are
far better than boxes, for if they are
upset they roll away easily and do not
ROSE PILLOWS (Violet)— Strip th
roses of their petals and put them out
to dry. Do not let them get musty,
for they are very disagreeable then
and retain the odor for a long time.
When you have dried a sufficient
quantity and they are ready to place
In the pillow, you will find that the
greater part of the sweetness 13 gone,
but this cannot be helped. Buy a sa
chet rose, of course, and sew it in a
tiny cheese cloth bas:. Scatter a bit
about and then sew the bag up. When
the sweetness is about gone, rip one
corner and pour some extract of rose
on the sachet bag, for it will freshen it
up wonderfully. Some people like just
a suspicion ef violet with the roses.
IN every club In London and quiet
ly in many of the fashionable
drawing-roams whispers are to be
heard accounting In this and that
way for the supposed enstrangement
. of the Duke and Duchess of Marl
* borough. The young American woman
/ is leading practically a life apart from
;her husband; they Fee little of each,
cthej— that is little considering the
•fact that their honeymoon days ought
.scarcely to have waned— and while sw
•ciety wonders. It also explains In its
own peculiar way.
The young Duchess has been seen
more than once dining alone, some
times, too. in the exclusive restaurants,
while the young Duke has on more
than one occasion lately been noted in
his old haunts, the Empire and the
Tivoli. Whatever may be the cause of
the Fpeminjr drifting apart of the
couple, it appears to be a fact beyond
denial that there is some difficulty in
the wmv of a complete entente
cord'ale.
The report most common to the pub
lic Is that the marriage of William K.
Vanderbi!!. the father of the Duchess,
has cut off the cash suppiy and that the
Marlborouphs lir.d themselves really
hard pressed for cash and unable
longer to keep up the princely enter
tainments they have been wont to give
In the part.
That thry are in need of money is
without doubt. The recent sale of
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
most honorable man In the world, and
the pages of history also relate that the
heads of the great house that followed
him were not wanting in the spirit of
the roysterer. Still there is a real coat
of arms emblazoned on the Marlbor
ough carriage door, and a crest graven
on the stationery that the Marlbor
oughs use, even tho-ugh the closet does
contain a skeleton just like that of
many another family.
(Copyright. 1004. bjr Or.tral Sjwj and Press
Exchange.)
Answers to
Correspondents
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALTl
12take eight steps at your ordinary rait
while inflating the lungs but once, and
empty them at the same rate, and
keep It up for ten minutes, you need
never have any fear of being bothered
with lung trouble In any shape or
form, for your chest expansion will
not only be good, but you will have
acquired the habit of deep breathing
and unconsciously your figure will bo
more erect and you will be Infinitely
better to look upon from a physical
standpoint.
Women seldom ever exercise enough
in any way. Housework, mind you, is
not physical culture. It Is frequently
a hopeless grind, and if It Is not too
heavy is good enough In Its own way,
but do not confuse the two. Even in
walking the majority of women are
sadly out of training. Instead of tak
ing a fiab or a car to travel half a
dozen blocks, they should learn the
physical strain of standing, but unfor
tunately their physical strength is so
poorly developed that they are actually
unfit to perform this simple feat, and
instead of doing It simply and easily
they call In their nervous vitality to
help them out and the result Is nervous
prostration or something like It.
Walking worthy of its name is fine
exercise, but to be worthy it must be
with erect trunk, chin up, slightly
drawn in, shoulders squared, drinking
the fresh air Into the expanded chest
as one would drink cool water in sum
mer. The steps should be short and
sharp, the foot leaving the ground with
an emphatic push. Such walking is
fine exercise, taken, of course, in the
open air and sunshine.
Women should cultivate, in fact, all
exercises that give suppleness to their
bodies, for there can be no grace with
out suppleness, as it is really the charm
of carriage which distinguishes one
woman from another.
The exercises in to-day's paper are
for the development of the arms, shoul
ders and chest, and while they are very
slmple, so simple in fact, that children-
and invalids may take them with all
safety, they are most excellent ones,
for they are far reaching and lasting
as well.
In the first place there is a decided
position that you must assume or else
the weight of the body will not be
properly distributed and you will not be
able to go about the exercises in the
correct way. This position is called
for convenience position of attention.
This, by the way, does not necessarily
mean that you must be uncomfortable
or strained in any fashion, for that real
ly is one thing the gymnast takes good
care to avoid. The heels should be cm
a line and as near each other as the
conformation of the body permits. For
instance,, select a line of the carpet,
place your heels against it and then
turn the feet out equally and In such
a way that they form with each other
an angle of about sixty degrees. The
knees should be straight and without
Bt Iff ness.
The body Itself should be erect on
the hips, inclining a little forward,
shoulders square and falling equally.
The arms and hands should be per
mitted to hang naturally with the
backs of the hands outward and the
elbows near the body. Of course it
goes without saying that the head
should be erect and square to the front
with the chin slightly drawn in. but
entirely without constraint. It doesn't
make much difference where the eyes
are when you are having a little bout
with yourself, excepting It Is always
better policy to do, things systemati
cally and well and the various furnish
ings In the room may catch your eye
and distract your attention.
There are three arm exercises that
are simple but effective and I will give
them plainly and in the best order to
take them
1— Raise the arms laterally until hori
zontal, palms upward, until the fingers
rest lightly upon the top of the head.
To get the correct amount of exercise
out of this, the fingers should touch
the head over the forehead with the
backs of the fingers in contact their
full length, thumbs pointing to the
rear and with the elbows pressed well
back. Then extend the palms upward
thtir full length with the palms touch-
Ing. The next position Is the down
ward one and the arms are forced ob
liquely back until they gradually fall
to the sides when the body is at rest.
2— The n«xt one is to develop the
shoulders so that you con'd hold your
hands out perfectly straipht some five
minutes, If needs be, without getting
woefully tired. Swing the hands for
ward and back, making them go as far
dlgnant when It stops and cries for
repairs.
First of all should coma proper
breathing.
It is somewhat remarkable that so
very few of us knor/ how to breathe
properly.' At least there are very few
of us who make a dally practice of
deep breathing — not an occasional
respiration longer than usual, but fifty
or more of them systematically during
the course of the day. Do you know It
is said that nine-tenths of our colds
can <$fae cured in their Inclpiency by
practiced just this deep breathing?
Probably every one of you think you
take as long breaths as are necessary
and so you do to exist, but the aver
age pedestrian takes what Is called a
"half breath." In other words Just
enough to keep things going com
fortably. It is dilllcult, however, to
think to do any task at regular Inter
vals during the day, for it seems too
much like taking medicine, or rather
not taking It, for about one person
In ten remembers the powder or pellet
at the proper time, or even thinks of
It at all if the truth were but known.
But deep breathing is Important
enough to pay one to form the habit.
When one takes a dally walk for ex
ercise alone it soon becomes a natural
and easy accompaniment. This article
is not to be on deep breathing, but I
want to give a little system that is
well worth carrying out, even If one
does no other exercises and deems
them a waste of time and energy, as
Borne busy housewives do.
Wh«n you start out take only one
Inhalation to each four steps and ex
pel the air during the next four. And
by the way, always inhale through the
nose and expel throu"h the mouth.
Keep this up for a day or so and then
take five steps to a breath. Increase
elowly but surely and when you can
to the rear as they wd until you are
able to touch th* hands behind the
back. At first you may b« very stiff
and think you never could limber up
sufficiently, but in a few weeks, per
haps even less time, you will be able
to touch them easily and evenly and
the shoulders will develop In a mar
velous fashion If you will keep this up
a sufficient length of time.
3 — The arms should be raised later
ally as in the first position and then a
email circlo should be slowly described
with each arm, upward and downward,
from front to rear. There is only one
"don't" in this exercise, and it i3 easily
understood. Don't allow the arms to
pass in front of the line of the breast,
for the exercise will be robbed of half
of Its benefits if you do.
4 — Another beneficial one Is to raisa
the arms laterally and place the tips
of the fingers lightly on top of th«
shoulders, taking care to keep the up
per arm horizontal. With your hands
In this position force the elbows to the
front as far as is possible and then to
the rear In the same way. In any ex
ercises it is always well to determine
upon a certain number of times to per
form them, for you will be certain to
increase the number rather than de
crease. For Instance, settle upon ten
times and force the elbows to the front
and to the rear Just that many times
and no more, until, of ccrurse, you art
stronger and better fitted to take up
heavier work.
5 — This is an arm exercise pure and
simple and should be faithfully prac
ticed by the girl whose forearm Is
underdeveloped. It is nothing mor» or
less than raising the arms half way
and opening and closing the hands with
force. Open the hands quickly, spread
ing the fingers and thumbs apart as
much as Is possible and you will feel
all the muscles in the arm and hand
working and pulling and strengthening
and before very long you will hav« a
grip of iron.
6 — The last exercise la yet another for
the arm. but It treats entirely another
part. The forearms are raised until
nearly vertical, with the fingers extend
ed and Joined, palms toward each
other. Now thrust your arms upward
with force, extending them ti* their full
length. The downward thrust is mad©
by forcing the arms obliquely back and
gradually letting them fall until they
have reached the sides.
I think it is better to give each set
of exercises by themselves, for then
there can be no danger of confusing
them, but there Is Just one more thtng
I would like to say. Do not be dis
couraged and think that you must de
vote Just so much time every day to
physical culture, for after you have
once got yourself Into good condition It
will take a surprisingly small amount
of dally training to keep up the high
standard.
PHYSICAL CULTURE AT HOME
THIS Is the first install
ment In a scries of five
articles on "Physical Cul
ture «t Home," written for
The Call by Professor George
S. MIchlfnjr. Instructor of phj
,s!cal culture at the Olympic
Clnb. No one could be letter
.fitted to'handle this subject in-
UcIUsrntljr ui an Mr. Mlehlin~.
v. in Is widely known as tl7«
.ctiasaplon wrestler of the Pa
<!!?<• Coast and as one of ihe
forcsnost experts In his especial
line of work. Th( . S( .,. lrs win
embrace studies In breathing
.cssrrclscs. abdominal exercises.
exercises for th- development
<>r Ute trunk and exercises for
Hi*' ;;r::is and !t^s. Tor nil
tvStoso ivork i» exnrUns and
cocKijJks lltCKC esercLscs will be
tf ol Incalculable bcoicCt.
ilOlOS BY STANFORD S1TDIO.
Wom<»n. especially. Bhould exercise,
fcr It k^pps the muscles from becom
ing: wertk and flabby and the thou
sands of miles of tiny tubing which
penetrate every part of the body from
becoming sluggfrh and inactive.
There Is a continual waste going on.
b\Jt without exercise there Is not suf
ficient activity to carry it off and re
plac£ it with the good and new. and
the result is an army of weak, distorted
women, who suffer from the results of
overeating and inertia. Ordinarily
they are known as the women with
the "middle-aged" figure, and this
nickname Is earned on account of
their huge abdomens and hips. You
all know this type perfectly well, for
there are quantities of them on the
ftreets every day. And what a mis
take it Is. Just becnuse a woman in
LO odd years of age does not signify
that she must take to costumes, queer
bonnets and an ungainly shape. The
woman's husband Is generally older,
but he declares he Is only as old jxs
he feels, and after a while he com
mences to Jook about at other .fel
lows' wives and to make mental com
parisons. And then there is bound to
be a peck of trouble.
*Of old sayings there are aplenty,
but there is none truer than the one
which warns "It is better to wear out
than to rust out" Every machinist
knows what this means. A piece or
machinery that is kept in constant
motion will not wear out as quickly
as the piece that is neglected and Idle,
PHYSICAL culture has. happily.
par?cd the "craze" stage, and
has fettled down to a sensible
and reasonable amount of dally
exercise.
The old saying. "Healtrt must be
ih«*re or beauty cannot be" is a posi
tive truth and thinking men anfl
women who know anything of anat
omy are Bntipf.ed that nothing can
take the place of the daily exercise
that brings all the muscles of the
brdy into play, expands the lungs and
rends the blood bounding through tli»
vpJrs.
for rust begins Its deadly work and
In a short time will claim every inch
for Us very own. So it Is with the
human machines. They will rust out
in idleness much quicker than they
will wear out under mental and phy
sical activity, provided, of course, that
activity Is not .carried beyond physical
or mental capacity, bo that the
muscles or brain are overworked.
And so exercise and its companion,
massage or kneading, become very
Important factors both In the pre
vention and treatment of disease, for
there Is scarcely an ailment that can
not be corrected by simple exercises,
out of door life and deep breathing.
And to this end I will give a few
general rules to serve as a guide and
briefly outline the theory or principles
of phj-plcal culture. For, simple as it
seems and really is, there are few who
thoroughly understand its science and
make daily use of it One does not
require a gymnasium with all Its cost
ly settings, for there is a system of
movements that one may do In the
privacy of one's boudoir that will ex
ercise and develop equally every mus
cle in the body and when physical
exercise is carefully distributed, the
entire body 13 built up and strength
ened. It straightway becomes alert
and active; the eyc3 are bright; the
head clear; the circulation regular
and active and it becomes a Joy to
live and one's first impulse on getting
up in the morning is to frisk about as
a colt does in a green pasture.
It is one thing to exercise and quite
another to know how to do it proper
ly. It 13 true that women know tnat
by doing a certain amount of physi
cal training they will never lose their
supple grace, but they ere very apt to
do too much at one thing and not
enough of another. For instance,
there is a certain amount of pride In
every one of us. We like our friends
to think us capable. The consequence
Is we all train in one direction and
when we have found an exercise that
we can do particularly well, we keep
at it until we are quite expert and
neglect other more important ones.
When our friends chance about we
are ready and eager to show off and
cull attention to "my latest stunt,"
but that ends It and we forget to add
that it is our only accomplishment
and that we do it on every and all
occasions. Such work does far more
harm than' good, for one part of the
body is developing abnormally while
another part is really weakened.
When we contract a muscle the
blood It contains is expelled, carrying
with it the old, worn out material.
When the contraction is relaxed the
fresh blood from the arteries rushes
in, bringing with it new material to
replace that waste, for nature is an
excellent physician and does not nt
slect or forget a single treatment.
Every time a muscle Is used she ar
ranges that, all things being equal, the
supply of new material is greater than
the waste, so that the continual activ
ity of the muscle may not be retarded
or the new, fresh supply run out.
People do not realize that every
time they move a muscle or think a
thought they use a muscular or brain
tissue. For years they have been
moving about at will and calling upon
their brain matter without giving
either one or the other proper care or
rest. Yet they expect the machinery to
run on and on for years and are In-
THE SAN. FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAtE.
13
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MME. YALE 7 ?
Almond Blossom
COMPLEXION
CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanses, softens, purifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
cleanse superficially.
aime. Tale «»7i: A llVttm Al-sson-t
ElC83ona Cornplexlca Crsam ehooia
be applied ctctt time the fact
r.na ianrts are washed. IS rxmovta
tlie dust, sect, prime, smut lad
cmuScrfl from tha interstices of
the sMa and stakes the scrf&cs
rrnccf-s as velvjt.
A daily necessity at home and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or when on an
outing of any kind, and particu-
larly prized at a seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects the skin
from cutting winds, burning rays
of the sun and every injurious ef-
fect of the elements. Prevents
and cures abnormal redness of
the nose or any part of the face,
and that purplish hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest known specific for
burns; takes the fire out more
quickly than anything else,
soothes, heals and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
for use of infants and every mem-
ber of the household. An exqui-
site natural bsautifier. A grateful
application after sharing. Excel-
lent for massage purposes. Mow
in two sizes. Mme. Yale's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream is
now sold in two sizes by
OWLDR.UGCO.
(Both Stcres)
1128 Market S'reet
80-82 Geary Street
At specal price of 40c «nd 80c(Continued on Page 15.)
"Believe me." said Baldy earnestly to
his two friends, "you'd better make
your legs save your throttle. This Is a
"hanging afTair for you as - well as for
me. for you've interfered with the due
"Stand where you are." said the beg
gar. "The King's horse is what I want
to see."
"Dod's. you'll see them soon enough.
Look at that gallop!"
"We must stop that man getting to
Stirling." said Baldy. "or he'll have the
King's men on you. I'll clear a way for
you through the people, and then you
two must take leg ball for it to the for
est."
them down among the assemblage at
the foot of the scaffold. The King
and his henchman staggered to their
feet and beat off as well as they
could the multitude that pressed voci
ferously upon them. A soldier strug
gling through tried to arrest the beg
gar man, but the King nimbly wrested
his sword from him and circled the
blade in the air with & venomous hiss
of steel that caused the nearer portion
of the mob to press back eagerly as a
moment before they had pressed for
ward. The man who swung a blade
like that was certainly worthy of re
spect, be he beggar or monarch. The
cobbler's face waa grimed and bleed
ing, but the King's newly won sword
cleared a snace around him. And
now the bellowing voice of Baldy
Hutchinson made itself heard above
the din.
"Stand back from him." he shouted.
"They're decent, honest bodies, even If
they've gone clean mad." •
"A riot and a rescue'.** roared the
Sheriff. "Mount, Trooper MacKenzie,
and ride as if the devil were after you
to Stirling; to Stirling, man, and bring
back with you a troop of the King's
horse!"
"It does that," replied the stranger;
still struggling with his mirth; then,
striking the King on the shoulder, he
continued: "I suppose there is not an-)
other roan In all broad Scotland to-day*
but me that wouldn't give the snap of
his finger for all the gold you ever car
ried."
"Then you must be wealthy," com
mented the King. "Yet it can't be
that, for the richest men I know are
the greediest."
"No, it isn't that," rejoined the
stranger, "but if you wander anywhere
about this region you will understand
what I mean when I tell you that I'm
Baldy Hutchinson."
"Baldy Hutchinson!" echoed the
King, wrinkling his brows, trying to
remember where he had heard that
name before; then, with sudden en
lightenment:
"What, not the man who is to be
hanged to-day at St. Ninlans?"
"The very same; so you see that all
the gold ever minted is of 'little use to
a man with a tightening rope around
his neck." And the comicality of the
situation again overcoming Mr. Hutch
inson, his robust sides shook once more
with laughter. .
The King stopped in the middle of the
road and stared at his companion with
amazement.
"Surely you are aware," he said at
last, "that you are on the direct road
to St. Ninians?"
"Surely, surely," replied Baldy, "and
you remind me that we must not stand
yammering here, for there will be a
great gathering there to see the hang
ing. All my friends are there now, and
if I say it, who shouldn't, I've more
friends than possibly any other man in
this part of Scotland." ,
"But do you mean that you are going
voluntarily to your own hanging? Bless
my soul, man, turn in your tracks and
make for across the border."
Hutchinson shook his head.
"If I had intended to do that," he
said, "I could have saved myself many
a long step yesterday and this morn
ing, for 'I was a good deal nearer the
"I'll tell you what we'll do," con
tinued Hutchinson in the same tone of
exasperating tolerance, "I'll to St.
Ninians and let them know the King's
pardon's coming. You'll trot along to
Stirling, put on your King's clothes
and then wome and set me free. That's
"True enough, true enough," con
tinued Hutchinson mildly, in the tone
that he would have used toward a
fractious child, "and you are not the
first that's said it. But let us get on
to St. Ninians."
"No, let us make direct *or Stir
ling."
"Nonsense," cried the King "my
head is perfectly right; it is yours thac
is gone aglee."
"Yes, yes, my man." he said. "I knew
you were the King from the very first.
Just sit down on this stone for a min
ute and let me examine that clip you
got on top of the head. I fear it's
worse than I thought It "was."
Ing. It's only a mile or two farther on.
Let us see the cobbler before running
your neck into a noose."
"But, man. the cobbler will be at St_
Ninians. either with a pardon or to sea
me hanged, like the good friend he is."
"There will be no pardon at St.
Ninians. Let us to Stirling; let us to
Stirling. I know that the King has not
been at home for a week past."
"How can you know that?"
"Never mind how I know it. Will you
do what I tell you?"
"Not I! I'm a lad o f my word."
"Then you are a do-.med man. I tell
you the King has not been in Stirling
since you left St. Ninians." Then, with
a burst of impatience, James cried,
"You stubborn fool. I am the King."
At first the big man seemed inclined
to laugh, and he looked over the beg
gar from top to toe. but presently an
expression of pity overspread his coun
tenance, and he spoke soothingly to his
comrade.
At this critical juncture there rose a
wild shout down the road, for the fight
ing party, in coming round the turn,
had brought themselves" within view of
a sturdy pedestrian forging along at a
great pace, which he nevertheless mar
velously accelerated on seeing the me
lee. For a moment the dazed man on
the ground thought that the landlord
had come to his rescue, but. not so.
It seemed as if a remnant of the storm
had swept like a whirlwind among the
aggressors, for the newcomer in the
fray, with savage exclamations which
showed his delight in a tumult, scat
tered the enemy as a tornado drives be
fore it the leaves of a forest. The
King raised himself on his elbow and
watched the -gigantic stranger lay
about him with his stick, while the
five, with cries of terror, disappeared
Into the forest, for the two that were
prostrate had now recovered wind
enough to run.
"Losh," panted the giant, returning
to the man on the road, "I wish I'd
been here at the beginning:"
"Thank goodness you came at the
end," said % the King, staggering un
steadily to his feet.
"Are you hurt?" asked the stranger.
"I'm not just sure yet," replied the
King, removing his bonnet and rub
bing the top of his head with a cir
cular movement of his hand.
"What's wrong ,wi* those scamps to
lay on a poor beggar. man?" asked the
stranger.
"Nothing, except that the beggar
man is not so poor as he looks and
has a belt of gold about him which he
was foolish tioueh to show last night
at the inn where these lads were drink
ing."
"Then the lesson hasn't taught you
much, or you wouldn't say that to a
complete stranger in the middle of a
black forest, and you alone with him —
th»t is, unless they've' succeeded in
reiving the belt away from you?"
"No, they have not robbed me. and
to show you that I am not such a
fool as you take me for I may add that
the moment you came up I resolved to
give to my rescuer every gold piece
that Is in my belt. So, you see, if rou
thought of robbing me. there'-' little
use in taking by force what a man 13
more than willing to give you of his
own free will."
The giant threw back his head and
the wood resounded with his, laughter.
"What I have said seems to amuse
you," said the King, not too well
pleased at the 1 boisterous merriment of
his companion.
"With whatever's coming to me," he
said, "feed the next beggar that applies
to you on a rainy night with less at his
belt to commend him than I have."
"Well, good day to you, and thank
you," said the innkeeper. "If you're
going Stirling way, your road's straight
through the forest, and when you come
to St. Ninlans you'll be in time to see
a fine hanging, for they're throttling
Baldy Hutchinson to-day, the biggest
man between here and the border —
yes, and beyond it, I warrant."
"That will be interesting," replied
the King. "Good day to you."
Entering the forest at last, he re
laxed no precaution, but kept to the
middle of the road with his stout stick
ready in his hand. At the second turn
ing five stalwart ruffians fell upon him,
two armed with knives and three with
cudgels. The King's early athletic
training was to be put to a practical
test. His first action was to break the
wrist of one of the scoundrels who held
a knife, but before h© could pay any
attention to any of the others he had
received two or three resounding
. blows from the cudgels, and now was
fully occupied warding oft their
strokes, backing down the road to keep
his assailants in front of him. His
great agility gave him an advantage
over the comparative clumsiness of the
four yokels who pressed him, but he
was well aware that any unguarded
bloW'mlght lay him at their mercy. He
was more afraid of the single knife
than of the three clubs, and, springing
through a fortunate opening, was de
lighted to crack the crown of the man
who held the blade, stretching him
helpless in a cart rut The three who
remained seemed In no way disheart
ened by the discomfiture of their com
rades, but came on with greater fury.
The King retreated and retreated,
baffling their evident desire to get in
his rear, and thus the fighting four
came to the corner of the road that
James had passed a short time previ
ously. One of the trio got in a nasty
crack on the top of the beggar's bon
net, which brought him to his knees,
and before he could recover his footing
a blow on the shoulder felled him.
The landlord was plainly disturbed
by the intelligence he had received, and
now made some ado to get the change
for the gold piece, but his guest replied
airily that It did not matter.
by Is asked for and not earned."
"Ah. that's it, is it?" said the other
with a nod. "but for such a trade you
need your weapons by your side."
"The deadliest weapons," rejoined
the King, mysteriously, "are not al
ways those most plainly on view. The
sting of the wasp is generally felt
before it is seen."
"Which way may your honor be
Journeying?" asked the inkeeper, "for
I see that you are no beggar."
"I am no beggar at such an-inhos
pitable house as this," replied the
wayfarer, "but elsewhere I am a beg
gar — that la to say, the gold I come
"Quite right." said the King, "and
only fair Scottish 'caution." Then, with
a lack of that quality he had just com
mended, he drew his belt out from un
der his e-oat and taking a gold piece
from it threw the coin on the table.
The entrance of the King and the
manner of his reception exposed him to
the danger almost sure to attend the
display of so much wealth in such for
bidding country. A moment later he
realized the jeapordy In which his rash
ness had placed him by the significant
glances whicft the half-dozen rough
men there seated gave to each other.
He was alone and unarmed in a dis
reputable bothy on the edge of a forest,
well known as the refuge of desperate
characters. *
When the time came to retire, his
host brought the King by a ladder to
a loft which occupied the whole length
of the building, and muttered some
thing about the others sleeping here
as well, but thanked heaven there
was room enough for an army.
"This will not do for me." said the
beggar, coming: down again. "I'll take
to the storm first. What is this cham
ber leading out from the taproom?"
"That is my own," replied the land
lord, with some return of hia own in
civility, "and I'll give it up to no beg
gar."
The King without answering opened
the door of the chamber and found
himself in a room that could be bar
ricaded. Taking a light with him, he
examined it more minutely.
"Is this matchlock loaded?" he
asked, pointing to a clumsy gun.
which had doubtless caused the death
of more than one deer in the forest.
The landlord answered in surly
fashion that it was, but the King
tested the point for himself.
"No," he said. "I rest here, and you
will see that I am not disturbed. Any
man who attempts to enter this room
gets the contents of this gun In him,
and I'll trust* to my two daggers to
take care of the rest."
He had no dagger with him. but
he Esoke for the benefit of the com
pany in the taproom: Something In
his resolute manner seemed to Im
press the landlord, who grumbled,
muttering half to himself and half to
his companions, but he nevertheless
retired, leaving the King alone, where
upon James fortified the door, and
afterward slept unmolested the sleep
of a tired man, until broad day woke
him.
nothing to lose, not even his head — for
who v>ould send a Inggar to the block?
— he must n-cels be there-fore the most
oontenttd man on the face of the foot
stool."
" "Well, in so far as concerns myself,
your LI-ij^Fty, To" like to be sure of a
roof over my head when tho rain's com
ing down. an<J €.f that a beggar never
can be -\ K:i:g or a cobbler has a place
to lay hi£ h*-:iiJ. at any raU-."
"Aye," admitted the King, "but
eomttirne-s thut puice 5s the block. To
tell you the Lrsth, Clemming, I'm think
ing of takins: a iveek nt the, begging
ji. ;.¦>>¦:.'. A :¦ t should have practical
lobowriedse of th~ subj-ct about which
be writes. <;:w me a weell <>n the road,
FiemxainSt and I'll pen you a poem on
beggary thai win get warmer praise
from you jhan this lias had.™
"D->< r your Majesty intend to go
alone 7**
"Ectlrely ;i!or.c, Flemming. Bless me,
do you imagine I would tramp the
country r.s a brggsr with a. troop of
horse at my back'."'
"Your Majesty would be wise to think
twice of such a project." warned the
cobbler.
"Oh. well. I've doubled the number:
I've tnojght tour limes about It; once
fchen I was writing the poem and three
times while you were raising objections
"to my assertion that the beggar is the
happiest man on earth."
"If your Majesty's mind Is fixed, then
there's no more to be said. But take my
advice and put a belt round your body
•with a number of gold pieces In it. for
the time may come when you'll want
a horse in a hurry, and perhaps you
may bo refused lodgings even when you
greatly need them: in either case a fow
gold rareals will stand your friend."
"Tha.t"s canny counsel, Flemming,
axd I'll act on it."
' And thus it came about that the
King of Scotland, with a belt of gold
around his waist In case of need, and
garments concealing the belt, which
pave little indication that anything
worth a robber's care waa underneath,
tramped the high roads and byways of
a part of Scotland, finding general wel
come whereve-r he went, for he could
tell a story that would bring a laugh
and ring s Bong that would bring a
tear, and all such rarely starve or lach
shelter in this sympathetic world.
Only once did he feel himself in dan
ger, and thct was on what he thoughi
to be the last day of his tramp, for ir
the evering he expected to reach th<
lower town of Stirling, even though h«
cam? to it late In the night. But th<
weather of Scotland has always some
thing: to say to the pedestrian and it
delights in upsetting his plans.
He is still more than two league!
from his castle, and the dark forest o
Torwood lay between him and roya
Etirling. when toward the end of a low
. ering day there came up over the hill:
to the west one of the fiercest storm:
• He nad ever bc-held. which drove hln
for shelter to a wayside inn on the out
ekirls Of the forest. The place of shel
* *ter was low and forbidding- enough, bu
needs must when a Scottish storn
drives, and the King burst in on i
'drinking company, bringing a swirl o
rain and a blast of wind with him; s<
fierce in truth was the wind that on
of the drinkers had to spring to his fee
and put his shoulder to the door befor
the King could get It closed again. H
found V>ut scant welcome in the com
pany. Those seated on the benches b;
the fire pcowled at him. and the land
lord. Eceir.ff he was but a beggar. di<
not limit his displeasure to so silent i
censure.
"What In the fiend's name,** he criei
angrily, "does the like of you want I
here?"
The King nonchalantly shook th
water from his rags and took a ste;
nearer the fire.
"That is a very unnecessary questior
landlord." said the young man. with
smile; "nevertheless. I will answer ii
I want chelter in the first place, an
• food and drink as soon as you ca
bring them." ; :.
"I'll take your order for a meal wne:
I have seen the color of your money."
LITERAET' ambition has before
now led men Into flifflmTtif.
The King- had completed a poem
in thirteen stanzas entitled "The
Beggcr Man," and the prime requisite
cf a completed poem is an audience to
listen 10 it.
Like every other literary man. It wae
praise tnu not criticism that James
v. anted: still he preferred to have such
praise from the lips of one who knew
Euincihing ;he life he tried to sine;
therefore, evening came on the mon
arch dressed hin-.seli" In his farmer cos
tume a:id taking his thirteen stanzas
¦witU bun ventured upon a. cautious
visit io his lriend th« cobbler in the
lower town cf Stirling.
The cobbler listened with an atten
tion whfch was in itself flattering, and
paid hi* royal visitor the additional
compliment of asking him to repeat
certain or the verses; which the King
in his owa heart thought were the best.
Then, irhea the thirteenth stanza was
arrived at. with the "No-that-bad"
comniL-ndation, which is dear to the
heart ot the chary Scotchman, be he of
high or low degree, Flemming contin
ued:
"They might be worse, and we've
had many a poet of great reputation in
Scotland who would not be ashamed to
lather them. But I'm thinking you
paint the existence of a. beggar in
brighter colors than the life itself wax
rants."
"No, no, Flemming," protested the
King earnestly. "I'm convinced that
only the beggar knows what true con
tentment is. You see. he begins at the
very bottom of the ladder, and every
step he takes must be a step upward.
Now imagine a man at the top, like
myself: any move I make in the way
of changing my condition must be
downward. A beggar is the real king,
and Elinz is l>ut a beggar, for he holds
his position by the favor of others. You
sec, Fle-inmiKg, anything a beggar gets
is bo mu<'ii t<» the good, and as he has
border than I am at this moment. No,
no; you see, I have passed my word.
The Sheriff cave me a week among
my own friends to settle my worldly
affairs and bid my wife and bairns
good-by. So I said to the Sheriff:
•I'm your man whenever you are
ready for the hanging.' "
"I've heard many a strange tale,"
said the King, "but this beats any
thing in my experience."
"Oh, there's a great deal to be
picked up by tramping the roads, re
plied Hutchinson sagely.
"What is your crime?" Inquired his
Majesty.
"Oh, the crime's neither here nor
there. If they want to hang a man.
they'll hang him, crime or no crime."
"But why should they want to hang
a man with so many friends?"
"Well, you see, a man may have
many friends and yet two or three
powerful enemies. My crime, as you
call It, Is that I'm related to the Doug
lasses. That's ' the real crime. But
that's not what I'm to be hanged for.
Oh, no. it's all done according to the
legal satisfaction of the lawyers. I'm
hanged for treason to the King."
"But surely," exclaimed the beggar,
"they will not nan:: a man in Scot
land for merely saying a hasty word
against the King?"
"There's more happens In this realm
than the Kins kens of, and all done
in his name. too. But, to s:>eak truth.
there was a bit extra against me as
well. A wheen of the daft bodies In
Stirling made up a slip of a plot to
trap the King and put him in hiding
for a while until he listened to what
they called reason. There were two
weavers among them, and weavers are
always plotting; a cobbler and such
like people, and they sent word would
I come and help them. I was fool
enough to write them a note and in
trusted it to their messenger. I told
them to leave the King alone until I
came to Stirling, and then I would
Just nab him myself, put him under
my oxter and walk down toward the
border with him, for I knew that If
they went on they'd but lose their silly
heads. And so wishing no harm to
the King, I made my way to Stirling,
but did not eet within a mile of it,
for they tripped me up at St. Ninians,
having captured my letter. So I waa
sentenced, and It seems the King found
out all about their plot, as I knew
he would, and pardoned the men who
were going to kidnap him, while the
man who wanted to stop such fool
ishness is to be hanged in his name."
"That seems villainously unfair," said
the beggar. "Didn't the eleven try to
do anything for you?"
"How do you know there were
eleven?" cried Hutchinson, turning
around upon him.
"I thought you said eleven."
"Well, maybe I did; maybe I did. Yes,
there were eleven of them. They never
got my letter. Their messenger was a
traitor, as is usually the case, and
merely told them I would have nothing
to do with their foolish venture; and
that brings me to the point I have been
coming to. The moment they set me
at liberty, a week since, I got a mes
senger I could trust and sent him to the
cobbler, Flemming by name. I told
Flemming I was to be hanged, but he
had still a week to get me a reprieve.
I asked him to go to the King and tell
him the whole truth about the matter,
so I'm thinking that a pardon will be
on the scaffold .there before me. Still,
• the disappointment of the hundreds
waiting to see the hanging will be
great."
"Good God!" cried the beggar,
aghast, stopping dead In the middle
of the road and regarding his com
rade with horror.
"What's wrong with you?" asked the
big man, stopping also.
"Has It never occurred to you that
the King may be away from the palace
and no one In the place able to find
him?"
"No one able to find the King of Scot
land? That's an unheard of thing."
"Listen to me, Hutchinson. Let us
avoid St. Ninlans and go direct to Stlrl-
"I am James, King of Scotland." he
proclaimed in stentorian tones. "I
command you as loyal subjects to de
part to your homes. There will be no
execution to-day. The King reprieves
Baldy Hutchinson."
The cobbler stood at the King's
back and when he had ended lifted
his voice and shouted, "God save the
King!"
The mob heard the announcement
In silence, and then a roar of laughter
followed as they grazed at the two tat
tered figures en the edge of the plat
fcrm. But the laughter was followed
by an ominous howl of rage as they
understood that they were likely to
be cheated of a spectacle.
"Losh, I'll King him." shouted the
Indignant Sheriff as he mounted the
Bteps. and before the beggar or his
comrade could defend themselves that
official with his own hand precipitated
"Fool of a Sheriff, say you!" stut
tered that ofiicial in rising anger.
"Here, guard, take these two raga
muffins into custody and see that they
rre kept quiet till this hanging's done
with. Hutchinson. get up on the scaf
fold: this is aU your fault. Hangman,
do your duty."
Baldy Hutchinson, begging the cob
bler to make no further trouble,
mounted the steps leading to the plat
form, the hangman close behind him.
Before the guard could lay hands on
the King, he sprang also up the steps
and took a place on the outward edg^
of the scaffold. liaising his hand, he
demanded silence.
"I'll not allow It, If I can prevent It.
and can get this fool of a Sheriff to
listen."
"There's the crazy cobMer again." he
moaned dejectedly. "Xo'.v the fat's all
in the fire. I think I'll hang the three of
thorn, trial or no trial."
"Oh, your Majesty!" cried the cobbter
— and it was hard to say which of the
two was the more disreputable In ap
pearance — "this man Hutchinson is in-\
nocent. You will surely not allow tho'
hanging to take place, now you ar3
hero."
"I am the King," cried the beggar,
overhearing the last word of c.utlon,
"and I warn you, sir, that you proceed
with this execution at your peril. I
am Ja:^s of Scotland, and I forbid the
hanging."
At this moment there broke through
the insufficient military guard a wild,
unkempt figure, whose appearance
caused trepidation to the already much
tri-d Sheriff.
"No, no." continued Baldy suavely,
"It's not that, but he's got a frightful
dunn'-T on the top o' the head, and ha
think3 he's the King."
"I cannot attend to that now," re
joined the Sheriff, with increasing Irri
tation.
"This beggar man." he said, "has
been misused by a gang of thieves la
Torwood forest."
"Bless me, Daldy!" cried the Sheriff.
In a tone of great relief, "I Iiought you
had given me the slir>."
"Ye thought naethin" o* the kind.
Sheriff." rejoined LJaldy complacently.
•'I said I would be here, and her* I
am."
"You are Just late enough," grumbled
the Sheriff. "The people have beea
waiting this two hours."
"They'll think It ai! the better -when
they s:pc it," commented Baldy. "I
was h<?ld back a bit on the road. Has
there no mersage come from tho King?"
"Could you expect it. when the
crime's treason?" askrd tho Sheriff Im
patiently, "but there's beun a cobbler
here that's given me more bother than
twenty kin^s. and cannot be pacified.
He soys the King's away from Stirling,
and this execution must bo put by for
another ten days, which is impossible."
"Allow m2 a word in your ear pri
vately." said the beggar to the Sheriff.
"I'll se*» you after* tho job's done," re
plied the badgered man. "I hava no
more places to give away; you must
just stand your chances with the mob."
Baldy put his open hand to the slda
of his mouth and whispered to tn*
Sherif:
The two mad? their way to the back
of the great assemblage. - here a few
soldiers guarded an inclosure, within
which was the anxious Sheriff and his
minor officials.
the way we'll arrange It. my mannie.**
The King made a gesture of dejpalr,
but remained silent, and they walked
rapidly down the road together. They
had quitted the forest, and the vil
lage of St. Niniar.s waa now In vie«r.
As they approached the place more
nearly Hutcliinson was pleased to see
that a great crowd had gathered to
view the hanging. He seemed to take
this a3 a personal compliment to him
self, as an evidence of his popularity.
THE SAN - FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
THE KING
GOES A BEGGINGShe felt as young and took as keen
an interest I in youthful I pleasures as
/ any 18-year-old girl. Sitting there in
the moonlight she, realized that once
robbed of youth a' woman could not
buy the lost treasure back at any
price.
Her childhood had been narrow,
penned in by poverty and an invalid
mother, pettish and exacting. Death
had carried away one burden, that of
unappreciated nursing, only to lay
upon her shoulders another, that of
I part housekeeper, part bread winner.
She had gone into a shop as cash girl
and had attended to the . household
duties night- and morning. When she
was 16 years old she sat up until
nearly daybreak three nights in /suc
cession to set stitches In her sister's
confirmation dress. The sister went
through the high school, so did the
younger brother, and while they stud
led Anna was steadily advancing in
the store. When aha became buyer
for her department and took her first
.'trip abroad it brought back the pink
In 'j her cheeks that fled before her
i tenth birthday, but Anna was now
three times ten.
On her return from Europe «h«
found that tha same disease which had
wrecked her childhood and carried
away her mother had again entered
her home. This time It carried away
In quick succession brother and sister.
Anna found herself alona and lone
¦ome. She fled to the bachelor maids'
apartments for companionship and
was made welcome by these girls ten
years or more her Junior. With them
she had grown young again. She had
almost forgotten the gray hair. It
had taken the thoughtless boys In
blue serge and white duck to drive the
iron into her heart. They were nica
to her because they knew that the
girls would not forgive them if they
were otherwise. But that was not
youth and the right to be young and
Joyous and silly. Anna sat up very
straight. She had become possessed
of a sudden desire to giggle, yet many
a time and oft she had reproached tha
little cash girls in her own depart
ment for giggling.
Laughter and music floated across
the lawn. They hurt. She rose ab
ruptly and fled to her room. Tha
headache now was real. She tore off
her pretty gown and flung It heedless
ly across the bed and slipped into an
easy flowing kimona. Then she Bat
down by the window, thinking bitterly
that fate had cheated her out of tha
greatest thing, the Joy of being young.
Suddenly as she sat in tha quiet tha
sound of a sob reached her ear. Some
thing Very like a patter of bare feet
came to her from the hall. She sprang
up and threw open her door. A email
figure, huddled against it, fell in
toward her. , ,
"Oh, please, I'm so frightened all
alone. May I come in?"
She recognized her now. It was tha
Berious-faced little girl who had a room
two doors beyond. She had often seen
her on the sand and on the porch with
her nurse. It did not take Anna very
long to learn that the child was moth
erless, In the care of a young and heed
less aunt and an ignorant nurse girl.
The former was absorbed in the social
affairs at the Inn, and the latter in tha
gatherings in the servants' halL Little
Grace had been left quite alone In her
room, and a strong draught had blown
out the lamp, so that between tha
darkness and an ugly dream she had
wakened up In terror. *
That was the beginnlg of a new holi
day for Anna Whelan. The nurse and
young aunt had little to do from that
time on save to provide for Grace's
physical wants. Anna was her con
stant companion. She seemed deter
mined to give this shy ten-year-old girl
all tha companionship, the sympathy.
the simple, unaffected pleasures which
had been denied her own .childhood.
She did not dream that in the moments
when they were not together, Grace, in
her stiff, unformed writing 1 , was send
ing a daily chronicle of their compan
ionship to her father. Nor could she
know of the resentment which filled his
soul against the well-paid and heedless
caretakers of his child, and the curios
ity regarding tha girl with the gray
hair and pink cheeks who was mother-
Ing his bairn. For Graca assured him
in every way that Miss Whelan was
quite as young as "Aunt Hattie."
When he finally came down to spend
a Sunday with his daughter his first
step was to meet Anna. He smiled as
his daughter gravely introduced her as
"My friend. Miss Wl^elan." They were
such an absurdly different couple, and
yet so very much allfce in interests and
pleasures. He found his gaze traveling
constantly over tha brown head of bis
daughter to the gray head of his new
found friend, and he began to under
stand the letters better.
On Monday morning he did not go
back to town, but told his sister Hattia
that he had only just commenced to
realize how the office had worn him
down. He needed a week's rest.
Three nights later he was sitting In
a sheltered corner of the veranda with
Miss Whelan when two members of tha
elderly porch brigade strolled slowly
by, talking in a high-keyed voice which
came squarely to their secluded corner,
"You wouldn't have given her credit
for being so clever. She probably knew
the child's father was worth a million."
"No; I understand ha is not worth
anything of tha sort. Ha is only a
corporation lawyer and I think she
liked Grace for her own sake."
The two women passed out of hear
ing. The pink had fled from Anna's
face, leaving it tired and white. She
rose unsteadily, but the man took her
firmly by the arm and drew her back
to her chair.
"Don't go, please. I know you care
for Grace for her own sake. Do you
think you could care for me for mine?
I wanted to ask you this the first
night."
Instinctively Anna's hand reached
up to her hair.
"Oh, I couldn't. I've known you
such a short time — people would talk
— and — I'm — really too old to have a
love affair."
She did not speak bitterly, Just sim
ply, as if a thought long unspoken
had found utterance. Tha man took
both of her hands In his.
"My dear girl, love never grows old.
and neither will you."
course of the law."
"It's not the first time I've done so,"
said the beggar, with great composure,
and shortly after they heard the thun
der, of horses' hoofs coming from the
north.
"Thank God!" said the Sheriff when
he heard the welcome sound. The mob
dissolved and left a free passage for
the galloping cavalcade. The stout
Baldy Hutchinson and his two com
rades stood alone to receive the onset.
The King took a few steps forward,
raised his sword aloft and shouted:
"Halt, Sir Donald!"
Sir Donald Sinclair obeyed the com
mand so suddenly that his horse's front
feet tore up the turf as he reined back,
while his sharp order to the troop be
hind him brought the company to an
almost Instantaneous stand.
"Sir Donald," said the King, "I am
for Stirling with my two friends here.
See that we are not followed, and ask
this hilarious company to disperse
quietly to their homes. Do it kindly.
Sir Donald. There is no particular
hurry, and they have all the after
noon before them. Bring your troop
back to Stirling In "an hour or two."
"Will your Majesty not take my
horse?" asked Sir Donald Sinclair.
"No, Donald," replied the King with
a smile, glancing down at his rags.
"Scottish horsemen have - always
looked well in the saddle; yourself are
an example of that, and I have no
wish to make this costume fashionable
as a riding suit."
The. Sheriff, who stood by with,
dropped jaw, now flung himself on'
his knees and craved pardon for lay
ing hands on the Lord's anointed.
"The least said of that the better,"
remarked the King, dryly. "But if
you are sorry, Sheriff, that the people
should be disappointed at not seeing
a. man hanged, I think you would
make a very good substitute for my
big friend Baldy here."
The Sheriff tremulously asserted
that the populace were but too pleased
at . this exhibition of royal clemency.
"If that Is the case, then," replied
his Majesty, "we shall not need « to
trouble you. And so, farewell to you."
The King, Baldy and the cobbler
took the road toward Stirling, and Sir
Donald spread out his troop to inter
cept traffic in that direction. Advanc
ing toward the bewildered crowd, Sir
Donald spoke to them. •
"You will go quietly to your homes,?
he said. "You have- not seen the
hanging, but you have witnessed to
day what none | in . Scotland ever saw
before, the King intervene personally
to save a doomed man: therefore, be
satisfied and go home."
Some one In the mob cried:
•'Hurrah' for the poor man's King!
Cheer, lads, cheer!"
A great uproar was lifted to the
skies: afar off the three pedestrians
heard it, and Baldy, the man. of many
friends, taking the clamor as a public
compliment to himself, waved his
bonnet at the distant vociferous mul
titude. . .
(Continued From Page 14.)
TKe King; Goes A-Beg'g'isig'
THE Institution was too new to
Scarcrest to be- treated with'
aught save reverence and awe,
but there was more than one who
dared suggest that David Pres
cott had erred in making his daughter
Marion his paying teller. Not that-
Marion was not suited to the place,
but that even Scarcrest knew that a
woman teller was unusual.
Comment did not worry Prescott.
His holdings in the bank amounted
to more than 90 per cent of the capi
tal invested and at the directors' meet
in? he had offered to make another
choice If the board could suggest any
one better qualified through ac
quaintance or experience at figures.
That settled the matter officially, and
when the spick and span new office
opened it was Marion's pretty blonde
head which was seen through the
plate-glass square lettered "Paying
Teller."
Bert Howard was the receiving teller,
and thla was further cause for gossip,
for Bert had been a willing, slave to
Marion ever since the days when he
used to drag her to school on his sled.
Many comments had been made In
the Dost'ofllce and around the stove .In
Van Zant's grocery, but after Ned
Davis had been soundly -thrashed by
Howard for suggesting that if the pair
of tellers held their positions long
enough they would have no trouble
starting life properly there was an
abrupt cessation of this sort of gossip,
and the bank officers , were accepted
without'further comment.
But it was not pleasant. sailing for
Bert and -.Marion. He -had been given
his position not because Prescott ap
proved of his suit for ; Marion's hand,
but because, like Marion, he had been
the most available person for the posi
tion. Prescott, in his hard, deep-pitched
voice, had assured the young man that
if he ever caught a gUmpse of love
making in business hours there would
be an imported teller in the bank with
in twenty-four hours.
- So It- was that man and maid were
perforce content with such satisfaction
as could come from the knowledge of
the other's propinquity, and even Tony
Dwlght, who would have been glad to
see his rival disposed of, could find no
cause for tale-bearing.
Dwlght, with Prescott, Bert and
Marion, 1 constituted the clerical force
of the First National and oddly
enough Prescott, usually an excellent
Judge of character, favored Tony's as
pirations for Marion's hand. The one
unpleasant feature of her position was
the fact that she had frequently to
consult Tony as bookkeeper and he
never let pass an opportunity to press
his suit.
Then the agent of the Chester Bank
Vault Company came to Scarcrest one
noon hour, driving over from the
nearest railroad town behind a pair
of spanking bays. Curtis was the name
in one corner of the card he present
ed to Prescott as he strolled unan
nounced into the president's office.
But selling bank vaults was appar
ently not his principal business, for
after a while Prescott came out of
his office. "Here i3 a check for which
Mr. Curtis wants the cash," he said,
thrusting the slip of. paper through
the window to Marion. "You have a
package of thousand dollar bills in the
corner of the small safe. There are
twenty-five of those. He will take
the other half in hundreds."
Marion looked curiously at her
father's face, white and drawn.
» "Are you sure this is all right ?**
Curtis laughed * lightly.
He moved closer to the bank pres
ident and Prescott, with the muzzle of
a revolver pressing into his side could
only nod his assent. Curtis had as
sured him. that at the first sign of
attempted communication with any of
the two clerks all would be shot and
he would be safe in the country be
fore the crime was discovered. Pres
cott was a brave man, but he agreed
with Curtis' argument that the money
would do him little good If he were
to be shot for refusing it.
i .Marlon grave one more curious
glance at the pair and turned toward
the vault. In a moment she reap
peared. "Oh, Bert," she called, "will
you please come here and help me to
move this box?" .
' -Howard went to her aid, while Cur
tis fidgeted about, urging Prescott to
make haste. There was small danger
of Interruption from a customer or
from Tony, who lunched at that hour,
but being a skillful workman* he liked
to see a job done expeditiously.
In a couple of minutes the pair re
turned. Marlon carried a package of
bills, while Howard swung a bag cov
ered with wax seals.
"I shall have to give you some
gold," said Marion sweetly, as she
tumbled the bills on the shelf beneath
the window of her cage and prepared
to count. "You see we. keep most of
our reserve on deposit in town and
for local use we have mostly small
bills."
"Gold will do," responded Curtis
amiably. "I am not particular, though
of course tha large bills are easier to
handle." '
Howard cans around the corner with
the gold, but befor© Curtis could grasp
the bag of coins it descended upon his
head with force sufficient to knock his
heavy felt hat over his eyes and stun
him before the ready plstcl In his coat
pocket could be fired.
Ten minutes later, under the reviv
ing Influence of ice water applied ex
ternally and brandy in Internal appli
cations, Curtis woke up. Howard stood
over him. completing the work of se
curing him with rope.
"You will pardon me, Mr. Curtis." ha
said blandly, "for not recognizing you
more quickly, but you see the slip sent
out by the Bank of Tacoma gave your
name as Peters, alias Mauvel and
other names. In fact. Miss Prescott
was the first to see your game. No, I
wouldn't hang Miss Preacott." he con
tinued, as he caught the muttered ex
clamation. "You know the proverb
about curses and chickens roosting
home. There Is that little matter of
killing the president and cashier of the
First National of Caswell" He
turned to greet the sole peace officer
of wliich the town boasted.
"That's him!" shouted Tony from
the rear. "I saw him walk up and hit
him over the head."
Constable Post looked about awk
wardly. "I'm afraid there's some mis
take," he growled. "You didn't tell me
It was Mr. Howard you wanted ar
rested."
"Arrest Howard!" shouted Prescott.
""Why, he's just knocked out one of the
slickest bank thieves in the country,
and saved my life as well. Dwight. you
get out of here, you miserable little
sneak. Bert, I'll double the reward the
Bank of Tacoma offers and If you and
Marion can't worry alone on that and
your salary you don't deserve to get
married. Post, you take this fellow
over to the lock-up ar.d give him a
headache powder. I guess he reeds it
after that clip Bert gave him. I'm
going to the telegraph office. Cert, you
and Marion stay here and fix things
up."
From h!s r^anre nn» copld not tell
•whether he ir.eant the disordered of
fice- or more important matters. But
Bert and Marion knew, or at least they
used their own judgment.
IT was rot until the tender began tp
t>ob about in a lively fashion that
McCusker would admit to himself
the truth of the suspicion which,
for the past half-hour, had been mo
xcentariJy growing? upon him. Yet he
dared not stop rowing lest the girl
should suspect the truth. He shut his
teeth hard as he bent over the oars.
The gray, dreary mist, which had
ehut d uv.n like a pall, seemed growing
more der.se, and by this he knew that
darkness was coming on. Somehow in
the fog he had missed the yachts at
the moorings, and now the motion of
the tender as she slid over the long in
coming swells told him they were well
cut in the bay.
It was a serious predicament. The
fog gave r.o sign of lifting, and with
darkness coming on the chances of
ependir.g a night in the open boat were
somewhat more than McCusker cared
to contemplate. He glanced at the girl
she eat in the stern sheets, a tiller
rope in either hand. It was evident
from the calmness of her poise that she
had no inkling as to the truth of the
matter. McCusker rested on his oars
and spoke in the most matter of fact
' tones.
" '-Sorry. Miss Cnxy. but vre'va over-
Ehot the mark and pulled past the
yachts in the fog. Hard-a-port,
please. We'll make them in a trice."
Thn Rirl smiled as she brought the
boat about.
McCusker looked at her with undis
guised admiration.
••Yep." he said, "wo're really lost.
And, by George, it makes it a lot easier
to have nome one along you can tell
the truth to without sending her into
hysterics."
tThe girl laughed.
"The worst— tell it all!" she" de
' rnar.ded.
•"Well," said he. "we're out in the bay
somewhere, that's evident, and heaven
•only knows whore we can find the
yachts. We may drift round all night
—but not if I can help it," he ended
wiih determination.
He shipped the oars and stood up.
. • "First, we'll see if we can raise any
body," he announced.
He put his har.ds to his mouth and
rhouted again and again at the top
of his voice, but no answering cignal
cam* through the mist
Darkness was fast coming on. The
mist walls which hemmed them in
changed from ghastly white to dull
gray.
"Here's a fix!" he said at length.
"We don't seem to be getting any
where. Are you cold?"
"Not a bit," she said cheerfully.
"Look here," said he, "we simply
must fir.d the yachts."
•'Impossibilities admit of no 'muits,' '¦
6he observed, philosophically.
"I know," he said, "but the whole
future hangs on it. If we drift round
all night — you see — that is"
"Oh," she said quickly, "you'd bet
ter row, I think."
There was a hint of distance in her
voice. McCusker dug the oars sav
agely into the water.
"It's this way," he said, desperately,
"if— if we drift round all night, you'll
think when I ask you to marry me,
as I've been trying to get up the cour
age to do for weeks, that I'm
prompted to do so by a sense of obli
gation. It will be no such thing, but
you'll think so. Just the same. There
fore, I want to make the yachts and
prove to you I would have asked you
anyway."
The girl was silent. McCusker fan
cied he heard a low chuckle from the
vicinity of the stern sheets, but pro
tracted listening an his part failed to
verify this.
He pulled away with all his might.
Presently he noticed that the tender
no longer rose and fell. They were in
the cuiet waters of the harbor. He
could have shouted for Joy. He bent
over the oars with a new energy born
of hope.
Out of the fog there suddenly ap
peared a light. There was a shock of
collision that nearly threw them from
the thwarts.
"We've found the yachts," said. Mc-
Cusker laconically, and then to a voice
that hailed them from the dark, "I
say. where's the Vesta, old man? Sec
ond boat to starboard? Thanks!"
A few moments later they stood on
the Vesta's deck, Tom Patterson and
Mrs. Patterson and the rest of the
party clamoring for an account of
their adventure.
"The women folks have been Just
wild, Mac," said Patterson, "but I
thought you'd turn up all right. You're
a lucky sort of a chap."
McCusker laughed. Then he looked
straight at Miss Carey.
"Am I?" he asked.
"I— I can't dispute Tom," she said,
flushing beautifully.
IN THE FOG
By Richard B. Siieltcm
7f NNA V.-Hi:lax voke up with a
A— I start to The realization that
| as a "« cnw the was not
# * in the running.
• . • Fcr Rome Usi* after the
young people had trij^ei down tha
steps and acrocs the 1-iwn to the inn.
xvhere the muslci-r.s were already
toning up for the bo?. E h ? cat alone
racing unbllnldnjcb; into the moonlit
pov «- Then a faint perfume stole
over her shoulder snd a well-known
voice sourded behind her.
"Oh. M:v S Whel.m. I am so clad to
$nd you. We are trrin~ to make up
a same of bridge. You will pl ay ,
won't you ?"
"I am awful sorry.' said Anna ris
ing, "but 1 am a wretched plar«r and
always rovis.* the Ire of my partner;
besides. I have a wee hsadache to
cisht which would make r e more
than ordinarily stupid at ths same.
Some other time."
"I hope you will feel better to-mor
row. Is there anything I can do for
you? Some salts "
"Nothlr.jr. thar.k you,- said Miss
"Whe!an with a smile.
She wished the might have been
more obliging. The Invitation had
come from or.e of the most popular
women in the hotel; popular, but mid
dle-aged, and Anna Whelan was not
ready to be middle-aged. Alone again,
she dropped back in her chair. leaned
her head against the high wicker back
and closed her e;es. And for this—
to be left alone on the piazza— she
had saved Dart of her salary all V win
ter, had invested part of her savings
in the quaintest of summer finery, had
counted the days until her vacation
began.
She recalled the enthusiasm with
which she had heard the other girls
plan for their stay at Wlsconset! There
were six of them in all who lived in a
bachelor maids' apartment in town,
and for a month or more the one
topic of conversation has been the
sailir.g parties, the dally bath in the
|ea. the clambakes and the nightly
hops, for which Wisconset was famous*.
The* girls had insisted that Miss
*lVht!an come with them and she now
realized that they had done everything
to make her one of them since their
arrival at the shore. They had always
dnagged her into their merry-making
plans. She was with them, yet not of
them, and she knew wherein lay the
fault. It was in her years.
Her cheeks somehow had retained
the delicate pink flush of girlhood, but
the soft, gray hair, waved above her
forehead, told the bald truth of her
years. Her pretty frocks were more
dainty, more costly than those worn
by. the girls around her, but Miss
VYTielan's taste in dress had alw«\ys
been pood and with advancing years
Eh» had adopted the more subdued
cctorir.gs and simpler styles. Her
• cummer wardrobe was that of a chap
. eron rather than that of a debutante
Yet at heart she was a summer girl.
LOVE AND YOUTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
THE WIT OF MARION
By Henry WintliropSan Francisco; Eva Contell, Sacra
mento; Bessie Boycr, 110S Willow
street, Oakland; Margaret - Boy er, 1106
Willow street, Oakland; Russell Pet
tinglll. Eureka; WiUle Dunamor*,: 1766
Seventh street, Oakland; R, Craaford,
2226% Post street, San Francisco; L.
Mastick, 1213 Jones street, San Fran
cisco; Forrest Cobb, 37 Hill street, San
Francisco ; Mary Davis, 1145% } Mission
Btreet, San ; Francisco ; Tommy Kirby,
E65 O'Farrell street, "San Francisco;
Merle Sagehorn. S66 Castro street, Oak
land; Rose Sagehorn. 86S Castro
street. Oakland; Miriam Best.
1030 East Sixteenth street, Oakland:
"Waldenar Nielson, 914 Linden street.
Oakland; Lillian Eenner. 123 East
Eleventh street. East Oakland; Edr.a
Fuller, San Rafael; Rcsa Luvise. 1203
Pierce street. San Francisco; Ro?>
"Wolfe, SS53 West street. Oakland;
George "VVihr, 11 Metropolitan avenue,
San Francisco; Russell Thompson, 532
Gough street, San Francisco; Henry
Rusiell. Hay ward; Mae Detrick. 1703
Eddy street. San Francisco; Hal Cur
ti3, 91S Ellis street. San Francisco; Ed
nxund Powers. 1714 Clay street, San
Francisco; Daisy Pendergast. 230 York
street, Vallejo; Violet .White, 12G4
Twelfth avenue. East Oakland; Er
nest Bowlsby. Merced: Bert Harri3,
Knob; "W. Matties, S62 Castro street,
Oakland; Patience Nott, " Lake
port: W. Edgar. 112S Sacramento
street, San Francisco; Lloyd Lock,
Sacramento; Gladys Xichol, Niles;
Gertrude Hemphlll, OUO Sixty-third
street, Oakland; A. "Walsh. 52S Harri
son street, San Francisco-; Violetta
Jones, ilerced: A. "VVendering, Berke
ley; Alma Dann. IZ0 Thirty-fifth
street. Oakland; Mll!ard H?ndrlck3,
1S0G Louisa street, Berkeley: G. Moore.
Berkeley; Ralph Bradley. Santa Cruz;
Emma Tubbs, 1224 York street.
San Francisco: Charlas Robinson, S2j
Ashbury street. »an Francisco; W.
Robinson, 825 Ashbury street, Sarj,
Francisco.
Well,, the Puzzle Editor, was more than pleased^ with the way. the answers came in for the dance
puzzles, and tills week Rives you something to fhlnk' about.- Here are represented the; names of ciffht nsh.
Many of them are familiar, but such as "dram" may send you to the dictionary for help. Also bear in
mind, that, there are other words that mean "aid'.', hi. fisurjns: .one of. the other pictures.
But remember tills: You must not only give your name and *the town* and Stntc wherein you* live,
but the street or pbstoflice number. This is import;mt because many books havci; been returned because of
hicorrcct addresses. . And don't forget the gallery of- honor. *- * *** ;¦""*•...
And remember tliis: You will ull have a chance not only to win one or those 150 prizes, bat get
your picture published as weli. The Puzzle Editor wants v ull the_ piize^wimters to send In their pictures
—the whole .150 every week ir possible. Begin right now. Don't nvah. . Thejuiore* the merrier. .There
can't be too many. • '. • ' ¦ ' •* V 'V < . W
PLEASE DOXT? SEND IX ANY TINTYPE PICIUKES Olt Pr.OOFS" .TIIAT, ARE UNTON*EI>— which
means that.th.'y will. fade as soon as they are, cvuosc^ to the ,sun, and-, ion't forgct^to -write jour"natne and
address on: the back. of each mid i>hotugi-:iph. And by ull means be sure that you are a prize win
ner before you send in any picture at ail.
THERE ! AT.E ONE HILXDKED AND FIFTY PHIZES, und this is wh^ vou m-.st do to win one af
them: . • ; • ¦;-¦/".;..¦ .•.* ¦ ~^ '" ' ' ' ' '' ' '"'\
'¦<¦ Find the names of fishes oh'. this page and write them out in. the space opposite the proper corre
spondins niihibers provided for the -purpose in the coupon on this page, as [icr directions ;• fill in the.
coupon with your name and address and the prize you desire-^-if you win — and send the coupon to the
EDITOR OF fiu: NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call. San Francisco. Chi.
REMEMBER— To the FIRST ONE HUXDF ED AXD FIFTY BOYS AND GIRLS who *olve the
rlgL: Puzzles correctly, one of these OXE HUNDRED AXD FIFTY BEAUTIFUL TRIZES wIU bo
awarded.. " ¦ - ¦' ." Vi'; 'V:^ : -'y^-'^
And don't forget this next point, because It Is. very hnportant: ALL ANSWERS MUST REi\CH
THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOOX. This gives aJi those in the country an equal cha/icc to compete. Read
everything on this page, to be that you overlook nothlnz that will help you to win a pri»e. ,
THE ''NAJU.ES OP THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IX THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS FROJU TO-DAY, September 11:
These are tho TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose If yon solve all the pio>
ties 'correctly: . ' *n
Christie's Old Organ, by Walton; The. Chimes, by Dickens; Cranford/ by Gaskell; Cricket on the
Hearth, by Dickens; Dog of Flandcre, by 1 Oulda; Emerson's Essay5; Evangclliie, by -Lonsfellow; Galllver's
Travels, , by Swift; \ Imitation of , Christ, by Keinpls; Little Lnmo Prince, by Mullock; Master of Ballan
trae, by .Stevenson; Two Years Before -the Blast, by Dana; ThrouglKthe Looking Glass, by Carroll; Paul
and; Virginia,* by Saint Pierre;- Snow Image, by Hawthorne; Water Babies, by Kingslcy; Vicar of Wakcfleld,
by Goldsmith; PUgrlm's Pi-ogress.^ by Bunyan; Plain Tales From the Hills, by Ivlpllng; Piiantom Rickshaw,
by Kipling; Ix>njjfeIlo\T'8 1 Poems. : J . ,¦-" ,»¦, *. .. .
Fop THose Who Gu$ss Thes<2 ll^ljll 'Tc-Dsy. -
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
Honlaon, 1324 Filbert street, Oakland;
CUrlea JTf?"P«Ti 1424 QTaxteU etrwt.
FOLLOWING are the names of
tb? lucky 150 gucssers la the
names of florrers puzzle contest
of August 14:
Mildred Curti?. 01S Ellis street.
San Francisco; Willis g Lynn, 711
Duboce avenue, San Francisco;
<!eorse Colwell, 473 Ellis street,
San Francisco; E. H- Brandon,
115 "First street, Watsonville: Ken
neth Kendall, 1076 Fourteenth
street, Oaklaro; Regina Lyndon, 47S
dlis street. San Francisco; Ernestine
Franzen. 1505 Fillmore street, San
cisco; Dora Cooley, 56 Hancock street.
Ran • Francisco; Frances Murphy, 2523
McAllister street, San Francisco; Ma
rion Dittes, 1505 Filhr.ore street, San
Francisco; Virginia Dittes, 1505 Fill
rror<* street, San Francisco; Margaret
Williams, 10-4 Regent street, Alanieda;
llaiph Brown. S75 Church street, San
Francisco; Huber Fraser, 44 Hancock
street. San Francisco; Helen Martin,
T62? Central avenue, San Francisco;
Frank HufCaker. Fruitvale: Rosemary
Kobes. Santa Rosa; Robert Yonger,
Sacramento; Enid Griffith. Penryn:
Uosa Howe, San Diego; Eliza Lash.
Suisun; Bertie Schrelb?, 7^7 Baker
street, San Francisco; Klvera Hoos,
1674 Twelfth street, Oakland; Eva "Wil
liams, 963 Chester street, Oakland;
iViani? William?, 1GS3 Twelfth street,
Oakland ; Russell Kirby. 201 Grant av
e&iie, San Francisco; L. Falkenstcin.
70 Hancock street. San Francisco; M.
liuttenvorth, 2753 Octavia street, San
Francisco; Dorothy McFarland. Bcn
icia; Paul Dunckhorst. Sacramento;
Ruth Dunckhorst, Sacramento: Selma
FraLSicr, Sacra :nento; Ralph Brown.
Arcata; Elma Winshin, San Rafael:
Kuth Gee, Vall«>jo: Gertrude Driscoll.
Vellejo; G. SL Winn. <63 Ivy avenue.
San Francisco; Ruth Dewey, 1525
Scott street, San Francisco; Freddie
Caler, C7S3 Seventeenth street, San
"Francisco; Leo Alexander, S27 Larkin
street. San Francisco; Laura Henry,
1518 Central avenue. San Francisco;
Fiurence Martin, 16".'O Centra! av
enu». San Francisco: Elmer Short,
15CS Forty-eighth avenue, San Fran
cisco: Maud Russell, Haywards;
Bemiee Dailey, 916 Buchanan street,
Sau Francisco: / Ruth Anderson, 1625
Eddy jTtree;, San Francisco; Susie
Hooper, 524 Tilbert street, Oakland;
F. Walker. 1561 Oak street, San Fran
cisco; Irv.in Geli^pie. Mills College;
ClirTord Place, 1&16 Alameda avenue,
A?arm?da: Eva Cody. V2 Twenty
ninth street, San Francisco; Maud
Laddlsh. Benicia; Harry Laddish. Be
nicia: Philip Bradley, Santa Cruz;
I»raire Se!ey, 101S Montgomery street.
Sau Francisco; Elmer Johnson, 407
Hayes street, San Francisco; Annie
Wunncnberg. Vallejo; Coral Kirby, 565
U'Farrell street, San Francisco; Rose
U^gcr, 22 Octavia street, ;*an Fran
cisco; Leonard Coombs, Agnew; Flora
<i rover, 121 Belvedere street. San Fran
cisco; Albert Kirkman, San Rafael;
Gladys Kirkman, San Rafael: Harris
Iloper. Napa; Milton Smith, 1033
Howard street, San Francisco; Arthur
l»r:cc, 1015 Devjsadcro street, San Fran
<:.--co; Luui? Friant, 723 Clayton street,
San Francisco; Percy McGuirc, 903
Treat avenue, San Francisco; Daisr
Bell, Pcnrvn: Julius Kahn. 2712 Web
ster street. San Francisco; Adele John
son. San Rafael; May Taylor, S53 Cas
tro street, Oakland; Edna Murphy,
~Z2$ McAllister street, San Francisco;
C Rhode. 474 Kdv.ard £tr>ct. Oak
land; Max Rhode. 474 Edward "street,
Oakland: Ursula Duan«,- 1415 Stockton
ftreeL, Sa:i Francisco; Katie Leach,
S,*n Jose; Walter, Pratt. Crockett; Lu
jL-ile Sleeper, Berkeley; Robert Pfaef
»"">, 2 Guerrero street, t-an Francisco;
Ray,« Michael. 201 Grant avenue. San
Francisco; Rob:* Brown, 873 Church
street, San Francisco; Alma Fitch.
20SA Fair 'Oaks "street. San
Francisco: Lucy Cabral, Centervllle;
Myra Hodges. 1423 Versailles avenue,
Alameda; Mildred Burr.ham, 916 Bu
chanan street. San Francisco; Ben Os
born, "Watsonville; Clarence Greaver,
San RalacI; Dorothy Wosser, San Ra
fael; Olive Gordon, Jackson; -Grace
Franck, Grass Valley; Laurie Clough,
Angels; CecJi Peirano. Angels; George
Kiafe. 1423 Bay street. Alaroeda; Leo
McCauley, Alviso; Hazel "Wagner. Park
Btreet, Alameda: Henrietta LIgouri,
Agnew; Jack LigourJ, Agnew; Vera
Eaton, Watsonville; Anna Sorrierville.
Ajncw; Hilda Peterson, 2520 Twenty
first street. San Francis. co; Albert Kir
by. -dl Grant avenue, San Francisco;
Henry Wunncnberg, Vallejo; Mabel
These Are
the Lucky
15O Prize
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest
of August 14.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
: Fill Out the Coupon
I and Send It to
\ the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S.F.
To Piuato ™* '¦¦^ abni^fj CUX
¦ Sam Fnuocfanot
' Below la xbtabt proper fy^*
beat p>^*p«* find my ¦fli"^ ot
', tho w»»«t of flail ta 1t»iM
' ptzzx2cs4
' ¦*--*T--l - ~T--T It Tt« fjfa cTt t
0
I
* —. r.. V .... A
4 .„.„......*
<
\ 5 ...-.
a
!«'
,1,
,<i
'<!
,<,
8 "
<!
X Axunut 23. 1904.
, c ,
s ¦^ mxx^ .............. . T^ TT
I Street or P. O, A ......». x »«»«»
.4
,4
y,
City »••••¦•••••••.•••*•-•«•-•»•:*
State #•••••• #••*»«¦»«•«
If I win I choose for priz*
I (Sec List of v Prizes.yKni-rr Gets Telegram by Kite.
HAMBURG, Aug. 27.— Emperor Wil
liam recently witnessed a series of ex
periments, about whicu the Govern
ment is preserving the gr a test secrecy.
His Majesty was, in fact, the only per
son, aside from those conducting the
Harbin's Smart Set Unique.
HARBIN. Manchuria, Aug. 27.— The
exclusive set in this city, now Russia's
great military base in the Far East,
the high society, so to speak, is made
up of exiles and chain-gangs trans-
LEIPSIC, Germany, Aug. 27.—An
other American girl has v.cn academic
distinction of a high order in Ger
many.
Miss Morse, a niece of Samuel F. B.
Morse, the inventor of the telegraph,
has taken the degree of doctor of phil
osophy at the University of Jena and
she had "Cum Laude" added.
She is the first woman to win this
distinction from Jena. - •• > -^
Honor for American Girl.
PEKING, China, Aug. 27.— China's
extraordinary' Dowager Empress, who
lops off the heads of subjects who
preach reform or Innovation,' has suc
cumbed to the automobile.- She Is
greatly interested in inventions and Li
Hung Chang's successor as Premier,
Yuan Shlh Kai, took- advantage of the
fact to give • her an object lesson - in
Owns Eight Motor Cars Painted
Orange Color and Decorated With
Fantastic Imperial Dragons.
CHINAS DOWAGER EMPRESS
LIKES THE AUTOMOBILE
modern progress by presenting to the
imperial court eight, automobiles, two,
larger than the rest, for the Dowager
and the Emperor, the others for their
suites. The vehicles had been painted
orange, the imperial color, decorated
with draeons and otherwise fixed up to
please Chinese imperial eyes before be
ing sent to the palace, where they were
presented and received with all the Ori
ental ceremony befitting such an occa
sion. " Now there is a parade of these
automobiles about the palace grounds
every day. The Empress is as delight
ed with the machines as is a child with
a new toy. , /
ported from the penal island of Sag
hallen to help build up the town. The
leader of fashion here, the one whose
parties are the "swellest," was trans
ported for poisoning three husbands,
one after another. Her present spouse
Is a convicted forger and housebreaker.
Persons with no crime to their credit
are looked at askance by "society,"
which is remarkable, not <jnly for its
peculiar composition, but for its grace
and amiability.
house. Her Grace was so delighted
with the stuff that she immediately
gave an order amounting to close upon
$3000. Hitherto she had favored
French houses and now that she has
transferred her patronage to Ireland,
London costumiers are somewhat jeal
ous. Other American society women
are following the example of the Duch
ess, and on the'r return home after
the season their trunks will be packed
with Irish poplins. Count Ward's
women friends particularly are show
ing a partiality for this material, and
it is expected that poplin costumes
will be seen at some of the lavish
entertainments which he proposes to
indulge in during the season. Many
of the American feminine visitors to
London are going over to Ireland at
the end of the London season for no
other purpose than to examine on
the spot the new material which has
become another sort of society craze.
Poplin is by no means a new dis
covery, having been one of the old
industries of Ireland that has survived
the decay of Irish trade. The manu
facture is a sort of trade secret and
ate tower. Mrs. Tower manages withal
to give a great deal of motherly atten
tion to two pretty little girls who are
being brought up In Berlin under her
personal eye, while her two older chil
dren, boys of 11 and 14 respectively,
are being educated in America to grat
ify one of their mother's pet hobbies
to have her sons grow up amid strict
ly American surroundings in the years
when youthful characteristics are tak
ing shape. Her annual visit to the
Vnited States, for which she has Just
l^ft. is made for th«» purpose of spend
ing the summer vacation with her boys.
Mrs. ' Tower was a Miss Johnson of
Oakland. Cal. Americans may feel as
sured she is doing her. country real
Sf-rvic" in the successful social cam
paign she is waging at this punctilious
court.
The machine consists of two box
kites hitched together with a long cop
per wire. The kites are sent up to
a height of nearly two miles before
the desired communication is sent.
This, it is said, renders it impossible
for an enemy to intercept the despatch.
On the direct request of the Emperor
the invention was bought for the Navy
Department, and that signifies that the
experiments must have been entirely
successful. It is reported here that in
one of the preliminary trials the in
ventor sent a communication to the
Emperor in Berlin from Havre without
the French authorities knowing it.
experiments, who was permitted to see
them.
The new apparatus is called the ra
dlo-telegraphlc kite. The inventor is
a native of the United States, although
his parents were Germans.
I OAKLAND GIRL, WHO, AS WIFE OF YANKEE DIPLOMAT, IS WINNING FRIENDS' FOR HER COUNTRY; AND HER BERLIN HOME.
LONDON. Auk. 27.— Seldom has •
more pathetic story been told of maaafl
selfishness and pfrfldy and womazrt
suffering and devotion than that whlob
has Just been made publio in Sir Fran
da Jeune's stuffy little divorce court.
Mr. and Mrs. Morley were married la
London In 1S93. Up to that time she
had known of want and wretchedness
only by hearsay. Immediately after
their wedding they left for Eastern
Australia, where a position had been
offered him as a mining expert. But
they had not been long in the colony
before he revealed himself In his true
character— a gambler. So notorious did
he make their home that It became
known as the Perth "Monte Carlo."
She strove to reform him and wean him
from his evil associates and was repaid
by blows and abuse. Broken m health,
by the doctor's orders she returned to
England, taking her child with her.
None of the promised remittances fol
lowed her. Soon there was another lit
tle mouth to fill. In her dire necessity
this delicately nurtured woman was
compelled to take lodgings in an un
healthy slum while she strove to sup
port herself and her two children on
the $3 a week she obtained as a wait
ress in a tea shop. The baby fell 11L
The doctor said unless she could send
It to the country It would die. Appeals
to her husband brought no asi3tance.
She went on the stage and made a lit
tle more money by much harder work,
but not enough to provide the means
that would have saved her baby's life.
For years she continued her struggle
against poverty, hunger and sicknes3
that once brought her to death's door.
while her husband was living a life of
pleasure in Australia in gambling and
intrigue with other women. Sir Francis
Jeune readily granted her the decree
she sought and set her free from "an
utter blackguard," as Morley. In one of
his letters, correctly described himself.
British Judge Grants Divorce to "Wlfa
of Gambler, Who Styles Himself
"Utter Blackguard."
LTVES OX FAT OF THE LAND
WHILE SICK WIFE STARTE3
LONDON. Aug. 27. — When two or
three London society dames made the
discovery recently that Queen Alex
andra had been for years a hearty
eater of celery, these "smart" women
promptly decided that her Majesty's
perennial youth and beauty must be
due to this diet. Accordingly celery
esrting now has become general among
fashionable women, so general In fact
that the "beauty doctors" of London
are beginning to feel the effects of the
new craze In a decided falling off in
patronage. Meanwhile market gar
deners have been puzzled to know why
a demand for celery sprung up so sud
denly In fashionable establishments.
The Queen's celery is grown in Sand
ringham, where most of the vegetables
for the royal table come from, and a
determined effort Is being made by
women who desire to be more beau
tiful to get a sample of the species so
that they may grow it for themselves.
Fruit and vegetable dealers who cater
for fashionable West End people have
as a result of the craze manufactured
a new name for this celery- It can
be seen in the best shops marked up
"Royal Sandringham," the desire be
ing to convey the impression that it
is the same species as that grown at
Sandringham for her Majesty. The
new name enhances the value 50 per
cent, although it is exactly the same
quality that has been supplied to the
purchaser for a number of years back.
MAKES POPLIN* THE FASHION".
Always handsomely and smartly
dressed, though without an attempt
at over extravagance, the Duchess of
Marlborough has struck out in a new
line in the matter of material for her
best gowns. The Queen during her
recent visit to Ireland set the fashion
b"y~~Veari3Mr a dress" made of poplin
and the Duchess seems to have been
the first to follow suit. A few day3
ago a member of a Dublin firm ar
rived in London with samples of the
richest poplins manufactured by the
Mrs. Tower dresses magnificently and
in exquisite taste. Her jewels are fa
mous at court, although she exercises
praiseworthy restraint in wearing what
the best authorities describe as "Just
enough." Her gowns are exclusively
Parisian made and have kept up in
Berlin American women's reputation
as the best dressers in the world- She
Is a .woman of extremely cordial tem
perament and rare tact, is witty and
cultured and a fluent speaker of Ger
man and French. With all her exact
ing social duties she is a first-class
housekeeper and- finds tfme to super-
Intend personally a staff of twenty
seven servants. Her plate, china and
glassware excite the envy of all ob
servers. ! All china and glass bears the
family "crest" — a singularly appropri-
DRESSES MAGNIFICENTLY.
countrymen and women resident in or
passing through the Kaiser's capital.
Her periodical luncheon parties to th*e
women of the residential colony and
her receptions on Thanksgiving day
and New Year's, when the patriotic
spirit runs high among exiled Yankees,
are always looked forward to with
delight. A few days ago she gave a
reception for the American delegates
to the International Congress of Wom
en at Berlin, the venerable Susan B.
Anthony being the special guest of
honor. Mrs. Tower's chief supporters
in the brilliant season she has *just
ended with the ladies of the embassy
—Mrs. Robert R. Hitt Jr., wife of the
second secretary; Mrs. Hemplln M.
Potts, wife of the naval attache; Mrs.
William S. Biddle, wife of the military
attache, and Mrs. Frank H. Mason,
the widely beloved "mother of the
American colony in Berlin" and wife
of the United States Consul General.
Mrs. Tower has been particularly
gracious in extending the hospitalities
of the court, as far as they are at
her disposal, to visiting American girls,
and at all her functions at which roy-
Thomas A. Reilly of Philadelphia, was
managed to invite "American beauties"
to grace the occasion. Her sister, Mrs.
Thomas A. Reilly of Philadelphia, was
a guest of the embassy last winter
and participated in "any court func
tions.
Mrs. Arthur Paget. working in con
junction with the Duches of Marl
borough, has for a number of years
made children's hospitals in London the
special object of her charity. Like the
Duchess she does not dispense charity
Indiscriminately, but seeks to bestow
her patronage on the most worthy and
necessitous institutions. In this direc
tion she was always guided by the ad
vice of the laite Adrian Hope, who was
for a number of years the secretary of
the children's hospital in Great Or
mond street. He was In failing health
when Mrs. Paget left London for her
visit to the United States and she gave
orders that she was to be kept regular
ly informed by cable of the progress of
his illness. Hi3 death is not llkelv to
cause her to abandon the generous at
tentions which she has always be
stowed on the hospital which was so
directly under his control. It is esti
mated that apart from what Mrs.
Paget realizes through the many ben
evolent entertainments organized by
her she gives out of her own, private
purse no less than 525.000 to $30,000
yearly to charities of this kind. She
is described by charitably disposed per
sons as one of the most accomplished
and persistent beggars among society
¦women who devote their lives to the re
lief of distress. Hospital officials de
clare that she has never been known to
fail in extracting a handsome donation
from a friend for any of her pet
schemes. Mrs. Paget'a daughter Is no
less enthusiastic in supporting her
mother's efforts.
Mrs. Henry Seigel's recent action la
taking a house in Grosvenor square la
due. I am to!d. to the fact that without
such a residence she could not hope to
compete with the other rich American
women who are entertaining largely in
London this season. At first she could
not be troub!»d with a house and its
servants, so ?he proposed to put up at
one of the West End hotels and do her
entertaining ther»: but fashion soon
proved too much for her! . The Grosve
nor square house — No. 51— which she
has taken belongs to Captain Spicer.
and it is understood that Mrs. Seigel
has succeeded in getting it at a much
lower price than if she had entered into
negotiations a month or so ago, when
members of the American world of
fashion were outbidding each other for
town houses for the season. She has
also taken a house at Maidenhead on
the upper reaches of the river Thames,
where she h^s installed her two daugh
ters. In this way Mrs. Seigel has gone
one better than anv of the American
society women who have come over for
the season. Her object is to have
week-end parties at Maidenhead and
allow the daughters to play hostess. It
is estimated that the two establish
ments, apart from the expenses of en
tertaining, will cost her at least $13,000
for the reason. The West End hotel
people, where she was staving and
where it was hoped she would remain,
recognize that they have lost one of
the best of their season's customers.
Count Ward, however, has just ac
quired the suite of rooms which have
been occupied by Mrs. Seigel and at
present he proposes to retain them un
til the* end of the season.
MRS. PAGET'S CHARITY.
the old hand looms are still employed
in producing it.
TAKES TWO HOUSES.
Mrs. Tower always looks for oppor
tunities for throwing open her fine
home for the benefit of ter fellow.*
A few weeks later Mrs. Tower enter
tained at dinner Prince and Princess
Henry and a brilliant suite of court
people. This function was followed by
«i dancing party for the younger rr.em-
Vt* of the court and diplomatic corps,
at which Crown Prince Frederick Wil
liam was the guest of honor and had
The opportunity of mukins the ac
quaintance of a bevy of pretty Ameri
can tirls. Besides these set affairs at
\ihifh royalty has accepted Yankee
hospitality, the Kaiser and Kaiserin.
Prince Henry and the <Yov.n Prince
nccacJonally drrp in at the embassy for
tea and informal chits. Last Christ
inas Mr?. Tower pave an informal
luncb*on in honor of William Jennings
Bryan, who happened to be passing
ihro'ieh Berlin.
AT HOME TO AMERICANS.
The Kaiser marveled at the beauty
of the embassy and remarked that it
was in full accord with the importance
of the United States as a "world power"
—a hint that blind believers in "Jeffer
6onian simplicity" may well take to
heart. His Majesty escorted Mrs.
Tower to dinner ar.4 devoted himself
almost exclusively to her during the
long and elaborate menu. Prince
Henry was among the other guests, as
well ae a mitnber of German Cabinet
members and distinguished army and
r f avy officers. This was the Kaiser's
first appearance at an embassy dinner
for the season, and the fact that he did
not pay his customary visits to the
Austrian, Italian. British and Rus
sian embassies until later was properly
interpreted In Berlin court circles as a
distinct compliment to Mr. and Mrs.
Tower and to the United States. The
Krnperor remained at the embassy un
til long past midnight and conversed
pood humoredly and In the most In
formal manner with the members of
the dinner party, wandering about be
tween the library, smoking-room and
tslon with a lack of reserve and gay
'rty not common when he is in diplo
matic society.
• Equipped with her magnificent home,
Mrs. Tower early after arriving here in
1H03 set abcut to entertain in keeping
with the status her country has come
to occupy in the diplomatic and politi
cal realm. Loyally American, her first
formal "at home" partook of a splendid
reception to the American "colony,"
which numbers, with its fluctuating
Ftudent element, some 1500 or 2000 per
sons. Ker most brilliant affair — at
least the one which made the capital
ring with her fame as a clever hostess
— was the dinner party in honor of
Kmperor William In December of last
year, when the Kaiser for the first
time in the history of American diplo
matic representation in Germany "set
fpot on American soil," as he himself
put It
THE KAISER MARVELS.
'. RENT I> MORE THAN SALARY.
The Pringheim palace was secured
for the Towers at a rental of $18,000 a
F*ar. ju«t S5>0 more than Mr. Tower's
salary a= Errbassador. Having been
¦inserted for several years, they refur
nished it from top to bottom and
turned it ir.to one of the most gor
peous private homes in all Berlin. Its
-v!<rly exterior, with the Stars and
Stripes riving from the top on festive
occasion*, fills every American who
5#>*a it with justifiable pride that his
country is to substantially represented
in this metropolis of fine houses and
homes. The interior is richly decorated
with mural paintings, tapestries and
art works and imposes its luxurious
ness upon the visitor at first glance
thiouph a wide marble foyer and stair
oa*e leading to the reception-rooms,
dinir.g-s?lon and dancing hall on the
second floor.
:< a"s diplomatic representatives in Ber
lin had ever before been able to afford
anything but hotel apartments, flats or
.-mall villas.
• The Towers came to Berlin from
Russia with a reputation for magnifi
cent entertaining: which they have
more than upheld at the Kaiser's court.
Rumor had it that they spent $200,000
a year "keeping America's end up" at
?t. Petersburg. Soon after their arri
val in Berlin they became the envy of
the local diplomatic corps by announ
cing that they had leased for an em
bassy the famous Pringheim granite
palace on the fashionable Koenigs
platz, directly in front of the Reichs
tag building and in the heart of the
city's most aristocratic and exclusive
quarter. Oving to the fact that we
expect our Embassadors and Ministers
to foot, th«Mr own bills, none of Amer-
BERLIN, Aug. 27.— Mrs. Charlemagne
Tower, wife of the United States Em
bassador to Berlin, has left for her an
nuai summer visit to America, aiter
having given Uncle Sam the most bril
liant social representation he has ever
known at the German court. It has,
indeed, been of so notable a character
that the*representation of other great
powers has seemed modest by compari
son. No one who knows what a pow
erful adjunct to diplomacy hospitality
constitutes in a glittering capital will
deny that America is fortunate in hav
ing in the "Kaiserstadt" so experienced
and accomplished a hostess as Mrs.
Tower, who alone of our "Embassa
dresses" enjoys the distinction of hav
ing represented her country at three
great European capitals in succession —
Vienna, St. Petersburg and Berlin.
London Society Women Taking
the Celery Cure to
Preserve Youth.
Mrs. Charlemagne Tower Wins
High Social Distinc
tion in Berlin.
HOSPITALITY OF THE AMERICAN AMBASSADOR'S WIFE
HELPS UNCLE SAM'S DIPLOMACY AT GERMAN COURT
Pages 17 to 20
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904.
Pages 17 to 20
i 1Woodcraft.
Grand President Ella E. Camlnetti
has issued a circular to all the parlors
calling attention to the observance of
• Admission day and to the Native Sons'
• day, September?, at the St. Louis Fair.
'Among prominent Native Daughters
who will go to the World's Fair are
the grand president and Past Grand
'Presidents Conrad and Gett. Julia Tan
ner of Keith Parlor, formerly of Sutter
• Creek and a member of Amapola Par
lor, will also go to the fair and there
on Native Sons' day recite a poem ded
icated to the Golden State.
Sans Souci Parlor had an at home
for its members last week at which
the members were entertained with
banjo selections by Walter Kelly and
Arthur Ennis. comicalities by Charles
£te:£cr, the German comedian, and in-
Native Daughters.
The Thimble Club of Purity Temple.
Los Angeles, was recently entertained
at Ocean Park by Mrs. Elizabeth Mc-
Farland, assisted by Mrs. Goodman of
Los Angeles and Mrs. Osgood of Phila
delphia. Mrs. Gertrude Meyers, presi
dent of the club, presided at the busi
ness meeting and at the luncheon.
There were present Mesdames Meyers,
Frase, Wlckersham, McCormlck,
Kingswell, Scott, Graham, Stansbury,
Phillips, Goodman, Peasegood, Nickell,
Ditch, Trowbrldge and Susan Nickell,
secretary bf the club. During the aft
ernoon Ice cream and cakes were served
and the gran.d chief, Bettie C. Nickell,
was presented with a collar and then
followed the handkerchief shower.
Rathbone Sisters.
Assemblies No. 1 and No. 3 have
secured quarters in the Red Men's new
building on Golden Gate avenue, and
will meet there on the first meeting
night in' September,
The new association, the Americans.
Is still forging ahead and Instituting
societies in various parts of the State.
A new assembly was Instituted In San
Jose last week by Director General
Lewis. Subsequently one was insti
tuted in Stockton, with fifty charter
members, and three others are In
process of organization In various
parts of the State.
Assembly No. 1 is initiating at
every meeting and the regular busi
ness is follojved with a first-class pro
gramme of entertainment. The mem
bers of 'this assembly are of the
opinion that to make a fraternal as
sociation attractive there must be
pleasing entertainment at every meet
ing.
Oakland Assembly has under con
sideration a pleasing entertainment
for its members and friends. -
The Americans.
The illustrated Boer war lecture de
livered by General G. Joubert before
San Francisco Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood during the second week in
August, in Eagles' Hall, was a very
Interesting one that was listened to by
about 400 persons.
During the first two weeks In August
Haywards Lodge^ fnitlated fifteen
strangers and from the rumber of ap
plications received It looks as if that
subordinate would initiate thirty-five
more before the close of the month.
Aurora Lodge, which is adding to
its membership at every meeting, is
looking for more* commodious quarters.
Mission Lodge is still in the field
and giving evidence of being
dllve by instructing strangers in the
mysteries of the organization at every
meeting.
Progress Lodge is arranging for an
entertainment during the month of
September. On the second Friday in
August this lodge had a fish pond,
gypsy camp and dance in its lodge
room and plenty of fun for everybody.
Next month this lodge will meet in
Fraternal Brotherhood.
The Order of Pend* has arranged for
the grandest celebration It has ever
had. It will be held at Long Beach,
Los Angeles County, and will be In the
nature of a basket picnic. At the pic
nic grounds' there will be a street pa
rade, headed by the Order of Pendo
band: lunch; competitive drill between
teams of the order; addresses by A. P.
Tugwell, supreme councilor, and other
supreme officers; the awarding of
prizes and dancing. One hundred can
didates will be admitted Into the order
by Initiation at that time. The prizes
will be a banner offered by the Su
preme Council to the best drilled team,
a banner to the council in the southern
part of the State showing the largest
membership and a gold medal to the
member who at the class initiation
shall have presented the largest number
of candidates secured by him or her.
On August 31 Home Council of this
city will give an entertainment and
dance in the Eureka Hall of the Odd
Fellows building.
The council in Berkeley gave a wa
termelon party in Fruitvale last week.
Alameda Council will give an enter
tainment September 1 and on that oc
casion the new drill team will give an
exhibition drill.
A new council will^soon be instituted
in Santa Clara County- . ,
A council with a membership of 100
has been organized at East Los Ange
les by G. A. Howard.
The officers of Golden Gate Council
were installed last week for the current
term.
Some time since a boy named
James Gay was killed by an engine in
Fresno and, it coming to the notice of
the officers of the council in that city,
and they ascertaining that the parents
or the child were in great distress, the
council, although the parents were not
members of Pendo, got up a benefit en
tertainment for the assistance of the
unfortunate parents and realized more
than $50, which was given to the Gay
Order of Pendo.
Noble Grand Arch Charles de Legh
of Stockton, accompanied by Grand
Secretary Jvnes F. Martinonl, re
turned last wtek from a tour of of-,
ficial vlslta inJMj^in and Sonoma coun
ties. Their visits were to Novato, Nl
caslo, Olema, Bollnas, Tomales, Occi
dental, Duncan's Mills, Guerne
vHle, Healdsburg and N Petaluma.
On part of these visits they
were accompanied by Grand Mar
shal M. Pozzi and at Healdsburg Dep
uty Grand Arch Antonivich was pres
ent. The gYand officers were pleasantly
received In each of the places visited,
and with one exception, that at Dun
can's Mills, there was work in the ini
tiatory degree and much enthusiasm
manifested. The grand officers first
named had much .to say to arouse the
membership to better efforts for the
advancement of the order, and at each
place each was present^ with tokens
of fraternal affections In the form of
floral emblems. »In Petaluma, where
they visited two groves, there were un
usual receptions, which will serve as
most pleasant memories of the official
visits. At each meeting there was a
large attendance and the long and
short addresses, particularly by the
members of the groves visited In that
city, showed that Unity and Cypress
groves are in for extraordinary efforts
to increase the order this term.
Last week a new grove of the order
was instituted in the Western Hall of
the Shlels building, the noble grand
arch and other grand officers putting
the new fraternal baby on its feet.
Last week Noble Grand Arch de Legh
and other grand officers paid an offi
cial visit to Aurora Grove In this city,
also to Laurel Grove. There was a
good attendance at each grove and
much' was said that was calculated to
advance the Interest of the order.
During the early part of September
James F, Martlnoni, the grand secre
tary of the order in this State and
who is also the deputy supreme arch,
will leave for Richmond. Va., where
the next session of the Supreme Grove
is to be held. He Is in line for promo-
Druidism.
State Deputy J. O. Davis paid a visit
recently to the camp In Eureka, Hum*
boldt County, and found a good class
of Woodmen to receive him. This la a
particularly good forest In which to
chop down saplings and the neighbors
who were there said they will go out
end bring in a goodly number of sap
lings into the camp.
Mrs. Myron B. Enright. one of the su
prenfe managers of the Royal Neigh
bors, for whom the local camp of that
branch of the order wji named, has
presented to the camp a set of nine
teen handsome metal badges to be worn
during the sessions of the camp.
Indications point to a grand day for
the Modern Woodmen of America in
Idora Park on September 9. when ther*
is to te a monster log rolling In the
Interest of the organization by the
camps of the bay counties.
Goodfellowship Camp and Occidental
Camp, also Enright Camp of Royal
Neighbors will, in the early part of
September, hold a meeting in Washing
ton Hall at 35 Eddy street, having been
notified to vacate quarters In Pythian
Castle, as the Pythian Hall Association
will not renew Its lease. The camps
will meet on the same nights aa In the
past.
Modern Woodmen.
tion to the head of the order in the
United States, and from many letters
that have been received from organiza
tions on the other side of the Sierras
the indications are that he will be
elected the next supreme arch with
out opposition. He Is the first of the
modern noble grand arches of this
State who instilled new life into the
order, and . he was the first in many
years to make a perceptible increase
In the organization. As a reward for
untiring effort in behalf of Druidism
he has. been honored twice in the Su
preme Grove and also by being sev
eral times elected grand secretary.
as exemplified in the Degree of Poca
hontas and a pretty tribute paid to
the ritualistic work of the order, spoken
of as among the most beautiful and
dramatic that has ever been adopted
by a fraternal association. Those who
gave long talks were William G. Smith
and E. C. Stock.
Calumet Tribe will have a ladies'
night in the Pythian Castle on August
29. A good entertainment has been ar
ranged and there will be dancing for
nearly three hours.
| THESE ARE 'ACTIVE WORKERS IN FRATERNITIES. |
On the sleep of the 17th sun, stur
geon moon, Potomac Council of the
Degree of Pocahontas had a very in
teresting session around' the brightly
burning brand In its tepee in the Post
street wigwam. There were present
many of the chiefs to welcome" the
great chiefs who were/ in attendance
upon the great council. / After the
routine of council work there were long
and short talks from brothers who
have been zealous in their efforts to
build up the Degree of Pocahontas. The
members of . Potomac Council were
highly commended for their endeavors
to extend the usefulness of the coun
cil and to bring it to the front. The
hope was expressed that before the
close of another great sun it would be
able to compete with the most progres
sive subordinates of the order.. There
was a very instructive and interesting
talk on the true spirit of liedmanshJj)
Dr. Charles M. Troppmann. who or
ganized Calumet Tribe, is organizing
a council of the Degree of Pocahontas,
to be composed of wives, lady relatives
and lady friends of the members of
the tribe and of members of that tribe.
At the preliminary meeting Mrs.
Emma Ralph was chosen temporary
chairman and there was an explana
tion of the work by the Great We
nonah, Mrs. Porter L. BUss; Dr. Tropp
mann,* Sachem Ralph of. Calumet
Tribe and others, after which an ad
journment was taken for two weeks.
The organizer expects to institute the
council with about fifty charter mem
bers.
At the recent session of the Great
Council of the Degree of /Pocahoontas
a new council was represented for the
first time. It was »Navafo,* which
last May was Institute^ through the
efforts of the memWrs S '6fV PItiachea
Tribe of Fresno with ninety-five pale
faces, the largest number with which
any council of this order has ever
been Instituted. J The council was rep
resented by Mrs. v R. O. Somner, its
prophetess. The council has now
more than 100 members and it has
prospects of a large increase before
the 'dose of the present great sun.
Not being long enough in existence
to have a past Pocahontas, Mrs. Som
ber was the only one eligible to go to
the legislative body. She is one of
the most popular members and an en
thusiastic worker for the order.
On the evening of the second Satur
day In August Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Coleman and a number of friends, in
cluding many members of Yosemite
Tribe of the Improved Order of Red
Men, gave a surprise reception to Wil-*
liam Goldman, one of the organizers
of the tribe, on the eve of his depart
ure for the East, where he Is to re
main for four months. There was a
pleasant evening of music, songs and
addresses and wishes for a pleasant
journey and safe return. ,
Improved Red Men.
State Commander W. S. Hall of the
Great Camp of California, Knights of
the Maccabees, has returned from the
National Camp session, recently held
at Detroit, Mich. At that review there
was a readjustment of the rates, which
was adopted by 89 of the 91 representa
tives. These two explained that they
would have voted with the majority
had they not been instructed by
the bodies sending them to vote
against any change. More than 800 vis
itors attended the review. D. P. Mar
key was re-elected as the head of the
order and L. E. Sisler of Akron, O., was
elected supreme record-keeper.
The Pacific Coast was .recognized as
a separate jurisdiction for the trans
action of general business and it was
decided to make arrangements with a
San Francisco bank so that claims
against the order will be recognized
there for the'purpose of avoiding delay
caused by the transmission of claims to
the home office and the delay in return
ing a check for the amount. This order
is now classed with the high rate or
ganizations, a condition that will have
to be reached at some time, sooner or
later, by all fraternal beneficiary asso
ciations.
At the August open meeting of San
Francisco Tent No. 18" there was a
large attendance of members and their
lady relatives and friends. The affair
was a great social success. The pro
gramme presented under the direction
of Past Commander G. V. Leroi in
cluded the following numbers: Zither
and mandolin selections, the Maccabee
Club, under the leadership of Professor
Heldon; vocal solo, Miss Ethel Cox;
monologue, Miss Coleman; selection,
Messrs. Deitz. Steigerwald, Dillon and
Heidon; banjo trio, Messrs. Tyrol, Kelly
and Innes; vocal solo, Miss Louise
Smith; German comicalities, M. Stager,
and Chinese musical selections by a
quartet of Troop A, N. G. C.
On the third Tuesday in the current
month State Commander S. W. Hall
addressed a large meeting of the mem
bers of the order in the Maccabee Tem
ple and gave a very interesting account
of the. work of the Supreme Tent. He
was given a vote of thanks for the part
he took in the supreme body.
The Maccabees.
Harmony Chapter, at its last held
meeting, admitted two to membership
by initiation.
Golden Gate Chapter, at its last held
meeting, had work in the initiatory
degree.
Beulah Chapter, at its meeting on
the third Monday in August, tendered
a reception to District Deputy Mrs. A.
Christenson In South San Francisco
Masonic Hall. During the business
session there was work in the initia
tory degree and the work, witnessed
by about one hundred and fifty mem
bers of the order, was most favorably
commented upon for the perfectness of
its rendition, particularly the parts as
signed to the patron, matron and mar
shal. During the evening there was a
period of congratulation to the district
deputy and the presentation to her of
a heart-shaped crystal bonbon dish,
with a star in the center, as a token
of appreciation of her efforts on be
half of the chapter. Then followed a
banquet, at which Antoinette Shaw pre
sided as toastmistress and there were
a number of .addresses. Among the
speakers were Grand Secretary Kate
J. Willats. Past Grand Patrons George
L. Darling and L. C. Byce. Past Grand
Associate Patron Dr. A. H. Millberry
and Past Patron George T. Shaw. .
Harmony Chapter had a pleasant so
cial during the past week. It was
principally for members, but there
were a number of visitors present.
Mission Chapter is arranging foT a
children's night in "its hall in the Mis
sion Masonic Chapter.
Starr King Chapter had work in the,
initiation of candidates at its last held
meeting.
Golden Gate, the mother chapter, will
have work at its next meeting, when
the degree will be confirmed by a team
of officers composed exclusively of past
officers.
The chapters of \he bay counties"
have arranged for headquarters In the
Odd Fellows' building In which to re
ceive members of the order who will
come to this city with the Knights
Templar.
Mission Chapter, at its first meeting
in August, initiated seventeen strang
ers into the secrets of the Order of
the Eastern Star in Mission Masonic
Hall. This chapter is endeavoring to
secure a membership of 500. After the
ceremony of initiation and a few ad
dresses there was a banquet in honor
of the new members, which was par
taken of by nearly two hundred per
sons.
The Eastern Star.
At the meeting of Liberty Lodge last
Meek there were present two strangers
for initiation.
A circular recently issued from the
supreme office shows that since the
order has been instituted It has paid
582,000 000 in benefits to widows and or
phans of deceased members and $12,000,
000 in sick benefits and relief.
The members of the Ladles' Auxiliary
of that association, for the first time
since organization, assisted at this
function. The programme was made
up of the following numbers: Selections
by the orchestra; vocal solo. L. G. El
rick; ballads, Ethel Fairweather; trom
bone solo, Fred Rau; vocalization. Otto
Schoenwald; address. W. H. Barnes;
Instrumental solo, Toby Jackzckeld;
piano solo. Alma Warnholz; recitation,
Ethel 'Fairweather, and piano solo,
Maud Jacks. Then followed dancing
under the floor direction of Fred Warn
holz, assisted by B. E. George, F. F.
Wedekind, E. B. Wilcox, George Warn
holz, N. H. Hirshfield. F. H. Warnholz.
Mrs. C. E. Atwater, Carrie Hirshfield
and Mrs. H. H. Barnes. The ladies of
the auxiliary acted as the reception
committee for the evening.
Ivy Lodge at Its last meeting Ini
tiated three strangers into the mys
ttries of the order.
H. I. Wilson of Loyal Golden Gate
Lodge will soon proceed to Los An
geles for the purpose of Instituting a
new lodge of the order in that city.
It is possible that Most Worthy No
ble Arch Roberts of Loyal Golden Gate
Lodge will be appointed district deputy
for Loyal Roma Lodge, vice the dep
uty, who for business reasons has been
forced to retire. Mr. Roberts Is a very
active member of the order and a will
ing worker.
Loyal Oakland Lodge had a ladies*
night at the Empire Theater In Oak
land August 23.
crease its numerical strength to 50(f,
and the members will not rest until
after the half-thousand mark has been
passed. •
Grand Secretary Charles H. Turner,
who recently visited the parlors in
Calaveras, Amador and Tuolumne
counties, reports that he found them
all in good condition and the mem
bership extremely anxious to bring the
order more prominently to the front.
Grand Trustee J. Emmett Hayden,
who was with him on the trip, after
hearing: the grand secretary speak,
said: "Me too." At Jackson, Amador
County, the old home of the grand
secretary, he was received by many of
the prominent people of the place,
who were delighted to see their old
townsman once more and congratu
lated him on his election to the
exalted station he now fills. There
were many present from Sutter Creek.
C. E. Jarvis, a well-known Native
Fon of Amador County, has decided
that at the next Grand Parlor he will
be a candidate for the office of grand
trustee. .
Assistant Grand Secretary Myers is
Friending his vacation in the interior
of the State.
A new parlor is being organized in
Indian Valley.
Native Sons.
The party that was given last week
by the Past Dictators* Association of
the Knights of Honor in the Ass>mbly
Hall of the Alcazar building was a de
cided success, both as to the number of
people who attended and the excellence
of the programme of entertainment.
Knights of Honor.
Loyal Golden Gate Lodge No. "7189,
I. O. O. F ; , Manchester Unity, at its
meeting last week had an ; interesting
meeting, under the direction of Most
Worthy Noble Arch Roberts. A num
ber of applications were presented and
referred to appropriate committees.
This lodge.i which has a membership
of more than 400, is striving to in-
Manchester Unity.
On the evening of September 1 J^re
mont Parlor will give a ball in Golden
Gate Hall in celebration of the fpur
teenth anniversary of its institution.
The function will ' be under the direc
tion of Mrs. Daniel Daniels. May Ber
ry, H. McCraith, Ida Cortler, Alice
Parr, Dora Laven and Gussle Ander
son. The committee expects to make
this the most delightful social function
that the parlor has ever given.
The following have been installed by
District Deputy Grand President
Maude Woods as the officers of Sutter
Parlor No. Ill of Sacramento for the
current term: Belle Morris, past pres
ident; Ethel Serton, president; Sophie
Russler, Ella Braun and Maggie Mc-
Gowan, vice presidents; Lottie Moose,
recording secretary; Harriet Burns,
financial secretary; Josle Brana, treas
urer; Lizzie Staiger. marshal; Mae
Georgie Crowell and Lizzie Kahley,
sentinels; Adele Nix, Fannie Moose
and Kate Goodell. trustees; Dps. A.
M. Henderson and W. H. Wagner, ex
amining: physicians. The parlor pre
sented the retiring past president, Jes
sie Borchers, an emblematic breastpin
and it gave the deputy grand pres
ident a silver spoon. The meeting w^as
addressed by Past Grand Presidents
Ema Gett and Stella Finkeldey.
strumental selections by Ray Bloom
and Lizzie Meagles.
The grand recorder will make official
visits during September as follows:
12th, San Diego; 13th, Santa Ana; 14th
and 15th, Los Angeles; 16th, Riverside,
and 17th, Pasadena. While on these
visits he will be accompanied by Grand
Overseer Savage.
The thirty-sixth anniversary of the
order will be celebrated by a public
meeting In Native Sons' Hall October
26, under the auspices of the San Fran
cisco Extension Committee.
Mapnolia Lodge, A. O. U. W.. will
be addressed August 29 by Grand Re
corder Spencer on the new plans and
options, particularly as they apply to
young men who may ¦wish to become
Workmen. This lodge has appointed a
committee, with M. L. Stern as chair
man, to arrange . for a reception to
Grand Master Workman Dunton on
October 3.
Special Deputy Boyd. sent to assist
the lodge in Selma. reported last week
that during the first six days he was
there he secured ten candidates for the
During the last week Grand Recorder
Fpencer visited Pacific. Oakleaf and
Brooklyn lodges in Oakland ,for the
purpose of explaining the recent leg
islation in the order. He was ac
companied by Deputy Grand Master
D. R. Hirshherg, who also addressed
each meeting.
.Forget Me Not Lodge, Degree of
Honor, will have a housewarming in
its new quarters in the Red Men's
building on Golden Gate avenue on
the night -of September 3. It will be
an informal affair, to which all the
other lodges of the order, as well as
the lodges of the A. O. U. W., have
l>een invited. On the night of the 17th
tnis lodge will give an entertainment
in its new hall. The lodge has ap
pointed the following committee to ar
range for the housewarming: Ethel
Farley, Martha Lester. Mrs. F. G. Wil
liams, Dr. Blanche Sanhorn and Ella
Peck. The officers of this lodge who
were not installed in the early part of
the term were installed last week by
Past Chief of Honor Mrs. Alex Bain,
"who was highly complimented for the
manner in which she did the work. She
•was piven a vote of thanks. Miss Ma
bel Lester, the new chief of honor, is
proving herself a very efficient officer.
Fred Rothganger has been reappointed
adviser to the chief of honor. Ethel
Fhaylor. a first-class pianist, now fur
nishes music for the lodge, and her
playing, exquisite to a degree, is great
ly enjoyed by all. The young lady is
a great favorite in all the lodges of the
A. O. U. W. Mrs. Charles Thurston,
a member of the lodge, is recovering
from a very serious attack of illness.
The San Francisco Extension Com
mittee paid a visit last week to Golden
West Lodge and addressed it on the
improved conditions of the order at this
time. The speakers were: J. E. Lee,
J. F. Walthour, A. L. Hilton and Ma
jor M. J. Blaekman.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Companion Court Golden Gate had a
party on the evening of Its second
meeting I.. August, -here was a pro
gramme of music and literary num
bers and an exhibition of fencing by a
class of young ladies who were attired
*ts Anna Held girls. There was a reci
tation by Mrs. A. J. Budd and spe
cialties by Mr. McCloskey and M. Wil
liams. After the programme there was
dancing for two hours.
The ladies of Companion Court An
eelena of Los Angeles will act as guard
of honor to the degree team that will
initiate the large class bf candidates
in that city October 9. The initiatory
team has been selected from among the
Royal Foresters.
A beautiful jewel of past high chief
ranger voted to Hi^h Chief Ranger O.
S. Cooper upon his retirement from of
fice will be presented to him September
? at Los Gatr«s on the occasion of the
picnic of the order at that place. The
presentation on behalf of the high
'•nurt will be made by High Treasurer
Ed N. Cameron.
Court Golden Gate of the Independ
ent Order of Foresters and Companion
Court Golden Gate of the same order,
having won two handsome gavels of
fered by the San Francisco board of
deputies to the two courts securing
The largest number of new members
and the largest pain on the basis of
percentage during a stated period, were
presented the gavels last week at an
open meeting, when thore was a very
pleading programme of 'entertainment
arranged by the members of the com
panion court. The general committee
rvas composed of Mrs. G. W. Kuss and
Mrs. J. P. Murphy of the companion
court and George W. Kuss and* John
J. Delancy of the parent court.
The Supreme Court has offered a
ticket to the World's Fair and $20 ad
ditional to any member in California
who will secure and have initiated
thirty candidates before November 1.
Companion Court Oakland had a
very enjoyable party last week, which
was made the more pleasant in view
of the fact that It was given in honor
of Chief Ranger Mm." Carrie Stevens
and one of the guests. Vice High Chief
Rang-er G. Q. Stewart, who on that
evening celebrated the anniversary of
their birth. There was a fine literary
and musical programme and the serv
ing of an excellent luncheon.
A new court is being organized in
Alameda County.
famlly. This was a movement along
fraternal charitable lines by Central
Council, inaugurated by Deputy G. E.
Byde.
meeting place. The presentation ,". of
beautiful flowers to Mrs. Ross, past
guardian neighbor; Mrs. Bunner, guar
dian neighbor, arid Miss Denneshaw,
adviser, followed the seating of the new
officers, after which an especially fine
floral offering was presented to the in
stalling officer. The circle after that
presented to Past Guardian Neighbor
P. E. Ross a beautiful diamond pin in
token of appreciation of what she had
done for the circle. The . installing
officer who made the presentation al
luded to the e-ood work of the retiring
officer and to the prosperous condition
in which she left the circle on retire
ment from -office; also to the pleasant
relations existing between the members
and Mrs. Ross. . After the ceremonies
the committee on entertainment served
refreshments to all. There l^ere pres
ent many visitors ffom local circles
and some from Oakland.
Haven Circle of Women of Wood
craft gave a tamale party in its meet
ing place in Pioneer Hall last week
and as each of these contained a prize
they were disposed of by auction and
at the close of the sale the purchasers
were given an opportunity of examining
what they had secured. The open
ing of the packages provoked a great
deal of laughter, for some of the prizes
were decided misfits. There was in
addition to Ihe auction sale, conducted
by Dr. Sieferd, a programme of enter
tainment, the leading feature of "which
¦was a vocal selection by the Misses
Lamlsberg. Refreshments were served
to the members and visitors. Haven
Camp will join this in Riving a
Woodcraft ball in the near future. The
ladies who are to manage the affair
promise many novelties.
Golden Gate Circle on the night of
the third Friday in August had a
housewarming in the Fraternal Hall
of the Odd Fellows* building into which
it recently moved. The hall was filled
to its limit and the many who at
tended were entertained with a pro
gramme of music, songs, specialties and
addresses, the contributors being MIsa
Davis, Hazel R,oot. Willie Dodge. T.
McDowell, Miss E. Kelly. Neal Walters
and the speakers were General Organ
izer Miss Somers and E. C. Stock of
Redwood Circle. After the programme
there was voting for the handsomest
woman in the room and for the ugliest
man, then dancing. The affair was
carried out under the direction of Mrs.
E. Schade, who was mistress of cere
monies, Mollie Kaufman, Grace Clark,
Mary Mackel, Clara Spier and Martha
McEnnis. Teresa Caslnelli was voted
the handsomest lady in the meeting
place and Charles Kaufman carried off
the honors for being the ugliest man.
William Spier, a prominent member of
Golden Gate Camp, the Choppers*
Friendship Club and the Circle, was as
sistant master of ceremonles*-
Red Men's new hall on Golden Gate
avenue on Friday evenings.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, , AUGUST 28, 1901.
The officers of California Circle of
the "Women of Woodcraft were installed
for the current term by Grand Adviser
Dr. Victory A. Derrick of Oakland, in
the presence of as many as could pos
sibly be accommodated In the circle's
18Touring Old World In Motor Car
LONDON, Aug.2«. — Miss Rockefel
ler, the oil kins's niece, and her
friend, Mis3 North, now at Claridge'3
Hotel. London, are traveling through
Europe with a courier. They landed
at Naples and have boen for a long
automobile tour thro-igh . Italy and
France. After a shop star in Lon
don these visitors have planned v to
make an extended motor tour through
out Wales and Scotland,
TO INVESTIGATE TRAVELERS'
SOCIAL STANDING AT HOME
LONDON," Aug. 27. — Members of the
swell Anglo- American set in London
are .hoping to devise some scheme
which will render it less 'easy than
of yore for Americans who have no
recognized social position in the United
States to gain entrance to the best
circles here by means of their wealth
alone. London society na», not yet
learned that the American Four Hun
dred is not composed exclusively , of
millionaires or "millionairesses" and
that it is by. j no ; means ¦ money alone
TOKIO, Japan, Aug. 27. — Though
the martial spirit is industriously in
stilled into Japanese children by their
mothers from earliest infancy, they
are taught to be kind to animals. At
home and in the schools they are not
even allowed to eat cakes or confec
tionery made in the shape of rabbits,
sheep or other dumb beasts, for fear
they may acquire ideas, of cruelty.
A teacher never whips a pupil. -If
the pedagogue commits an injustice
the scholars stay away until repara
tion is made.
Professor Ochima told the foreign
colony in a recent lecture here on the
national system of education that a
German teacher once scandalized a
school by his brusqueness\ The boys
and girls talked it over among them
selves and then asked the principal to
dismiss him, saying:
"He is a learned man, but a pig."
Being Informed that the teacher
had been engaged for a stated tima,
they went straight to him and said:
"If you have a sen's (half a cent's)
worth of honor, break your contract
and go back to Germany."
He went, -^*.^
NEVER EAT CANDY ANIMALS
LEST THEY BECOME CRUEL
Henry clay Barnabee, assisted" by.
Harry James, the popular leader of
Fischer's old galaxy, now directing
their triumphant progress through
Australia, writes thus to correct *
misstatement that appeared in this
and several other papers concerning
hl$ relations with the company. Mr.
James says: "After reaching Hono
lulu, which was our first stand after
Frisco, Mr. Kolb came to me with de
mands that, if I had. acceded to them,
would have meant breaking up the
company. He said that if these de
mands were not complied with he
would close, so it was either get anew
Dutch 'team or a new show. I naturally
said close. Matters were in this con
dition until the day of sailing, when
Mr. Kolb weakened on his bluff and
came along with the show. As re
gards any dissatisfaction among the
other members of the company, all
statements concerning such are abso
lutely without foundation. Every
thing outside of this connection has
been most harmonious."
Mr. James says further: "The show
was a big hit in Honolulu, playing to
the biggest business ever known in
that city. Everything Is looking fine
for our opening here on Saturday
night*' (Palace Theater, Sydney).
The manager also incloses some
notices of the "American Travesty
Stars." There doesn't seem to be .any
thing the matter with Sydney, so far
as Barney Bernard, Kolb and Dill,
Blake and Amber go.
HARRY JAMES WRITES
, IN HIS OWN DEFENSE
FROM THE ANTIPODES
Walter Belasco, who accompanied
the drama 1 to New York and London
and received praise for his artistic
portrayal of the Chinese rag-picker,
will .repeat his characterization at the
Central and the whole performance
That most fascinating little play
"The First Born" will doubtless attract
many besides the regular attendants
at the Central this week. Produced
first at the* Alcazar some years ago.
Francis Powers' Chinese play has since
become .famous on both sides of the
water. It will.be remembered that its
scene is laid in the San Francisco Chi
natown, and here where the highbinder
and his ways are best known Mr.
Poweila' little drama Is best appre
ciated.
* • •
"Nathan Hale" at the Alcazar will
succeed "The Pride of Jennico" that
will be seen there until to-r>lght. Mr.
Whlttlesey will appear in the name
role, and doubtless therein add to. his
very substantial popularity. The clever
Alcazar company can be trusted with
the rest.
James Nelll and his company will
have an attractive bill In "Under Two
Flags" at the Grand Opera-house this
week. Miss Chapman has the role of
Cigarette, which the charming and
popular actrtss will doubtless find con
genial. These are the last days of the
Nelll engagement, and the stirring
melodrama is one of the best bills that
could have been chosen to close it.
This evening at the California begins
the engagement of Florence Roberts,
always one of the popular engagements
of the year. Miss Roberts v.'ill present
for her first play "Tess of^the d'Urber
villes." first produced heie by Mrs.
Fiske some three years ago. In Miss
Roberts' company will be found several
good people, including Hobart Bos
worth, recently Mrs. Flake's leading
man. William Yerrance, Lucius Hen
derson, Sterling Lloyd Whitney,
Louise Royce and Anita Allen. One of
the novelties of the season will be
"Marta of the I«owlands," never before
given here and one of the moat interest
ing plays of the last New York season.
To-morrow evening begins the sec
ond week of "Candida" at the Colum
bia, with Arnold Daly and his company
of players. Shaw's play has furnished
the expected sensation, in fact rucks of
them. What Shaw means or does not
mean in his play is the question of the
week. Those who have read the play
find new questions raised by seeing it,
while those who have seen it only in
Hying to the book for elucidation find
new problems to settle. At any rate
Mr. Shaw has succeeded in setting his
audience a-thinklng, even while they
are laughing as they rarely laugh. In
fact that there is no sort of playgoer
that ran afford to miss "Candida." Its
half dozen players, too, are of the best.
Mr. Daly as the poet. Miss Donnelly as
the lady, Dodson Mitchell e;s the par
son, and the rest, all illumine the text.
PROBLEMS IX SHAW'S
PLAY PROVIDE TEXTS
FOR MUCH DISCUSSION
* * •
The Chutes has a "banner" attrac
tion in the Empire Comedy Four, re
cently one of the Orpheum star turns.
"Our Boys in Blue," a turn illustrat
ing the life of the American soldier
and the latest vaudeville sensation
of the East, will headline the
Orpheum bill this week. Max and
Julia Heinrich will also continue to
delight the Orpheumites for this their
last week.
* • •
"The Anheuser Push" is a sizable
hit at Fischer's this week, with plenty
of fun, tune and pictures to help.
Everybody has something good 'to do
and among them is Georgia O'Ramey,
who returns to continue the proverbial
Fischer luck in soubrettes. Miss
O'Ramey as usual "makes good," and
Dorothy Morton, perhaps the best lead-
Ing lady Fischer's have had, is at her
best this week.
? * •
Of the continued bills "The Torea
dor" at the Tivoli is still running to
fine houses. Forrest Dabney Carr, the
new basso, has found much favor with
the audiences, and the rest of the fine
cast is still living up to its record —
and more. "The Serenade" is to fol
low.
• * •
will be given under his personal
supervision. "Turned Up," a lively
comedy, will fill in the rest of the
evening.
which is deemed necessary to secure
admission to its. doors. Here it is usually
taken for. granted that any American
who has made a big pile has thereby
acquired a distinguished social position
at home and when he and his family
land on these shores they generally are
received with open arms and made
much of. .
"If they are really people of good
breeding and refinement no harm
comes of it," said a popular member of
the American colony In London, "but
if, as often happens, they are vulgar
and bent only on cutting a wide
swath with their monev. much harm
comes of it, because they are regarded
as fair specimens of the sort of peo
ple who are social leaders in America.
That is one reason why on the English
stage and in popular English novels the
American in society is always depicted
as an atrociously vulgar creature, who
scatters money and bad grammar with
equal indifference. I have known many
wealthy but hopelessly crude individ
uals at home who, after making an
abject failure of their effbffs to get
into society there, have come over here
and made a success of it."
"But how do you and vour friends
propose to stop it?" she was asked.
"By carrying on a secret but active
campaign against Americans who have
nothing i but wealth to support their
social pretensions. Wherever we come
across them we shall take pains to
let it be known that they have no
standing at home. We shall establish
a species of private bureau for the
dissemination of information among
English hostesses concerning the an
tecedents of American - claimants on
their hospitality. There are enough of
us who have taken the matter seriously
in hand to make a success of it. The
American hog and 'hoggess' are ex
cluded from socletv in America and
they should be kept out here."
E. M. Holland plays the part of Cap
tain Bedford, the detective, in Kyrle
Bellew's production of "Raffles, the
Amateur Cracksman," which follows
"Candida," at the Columbia.
Frank Daniels is to continue with his
last season's great success, "The Of
fice Boy." He brings it out West..
Lulu Glazer beijan her. engagement
in her new comic opera, "A Madcap
Princess," at Rochester, New York,
last Thursday. The opera is based on
Charles Major's book, "When Knight
hood Was in Flower," which has been
adapted for comic opera purposes by
Harry^B. Smith. The music is by Lud
wig Englander.
* • *
Edna May returned to New York last
Saturday,'*' after an absence of three
years, to appear in the leading role of
"The School Girl" at Daly's Theater
next month.
Charles Richman has been engaged
as leading man to Amelia Bingham for
next season. The company opened at
Hooley's Theater, Chicago, August 22.
Despite many flattering offers to re
main on the Pacific Coast, including a
proposition to star through Western
territory, Donald Bowies, after three
and a half years on the" coast playing
leading juvenile .business with James
Neill, will return to the East. . .
During his final engagement In this
country Sir Henry Irving will originate
the part of Gran'father Coquesne in a
one-act tragedy based on Cosmo
Hamilton's story of that name in the
Smart Se,t for September.
Sibyl Carlisle is to rejoin William
Gillette's company as his leading wo
man next season.
» • « * /
Louis Mann is to star in a play of
Bohemian life by Harry B. Smith,
called "The Second Fiddle."
• * . *
Agnes Cain Brown and Campbell Don
ald, also of the Bostonians, and Metr
Carson, is to appear for a short sea
son in vandeville. He will be seen ii?
a thirty-minute operetta, in which h-
will sing several of his most successful
songs. The little company, under the
management of Lawrence Anhalt, will
tour the country, beginning in Sep
tember, after which Mr. Barnabee will
return to his post at the head of the
Bostonians.
| EXPONENT OF THE GEORGE BERNARD SHAW IDEA, NOW AT THE COLUMBIA.
Mr. Daly at first mistook me to mean
the Boucicault "broth of a boy" type,
that shlllelahs through the common
or garden Irish drama.
"Oh, no," he cried. "They grow only
in plays."
Then he told me about a new play
of Shaw's in which the dramatist has
two Irishmen and an Englishman as
chief characters. He intends to make
the Englishman, through sheer racial
insensltiveness, win the girl, by the
way. But it was the two types of
Irishmen that particularly interested
me. One is the educated, self-respect
ing Celt, outwardly like any other
gentleman, his foil the one that wishes
"the top o' the morning to you," and
does the other national stunts for two
pennorth of the crathur. He puts his
property brogue in his pocket when
talking to his own countryman and is
made to confess that he uses it for
revenue only. "In short," the Celtic
critic concluded, "he does what is ex
pected of him, like babies and some
negroes."
We cot back again then to the Eng
lish, Mr. Daly again expressing his
strenuous admiration for them thus:
"During the Boer war time, now. Is
there any other nation on earth that
would have permitted pro-Boer
speeches on the floor of their House of
Parliament? It's sublime, you know.
There would have been shots here.
And at the mass meetings in Hyde
Park the policemen just lounged
around smiling, with a good-natured
dear-me rather-sllly-sort-of-thing-thls
expression. It's noble. How Shaw en
joys it all, too!"
Then he told me something of the
Shaw life, of the exquisite simplicity
of the Shaw houses — there are two— of
the dramatist bicycle-riding, of how
he has never had an intoxicating
drink in his life, of how he eats no
meat, and how Mr. Daly himself "felt
like a scoundrel eating meat at Shaw's
table," for the dramatist does not
deny his guests. He laughed as he re-
"Is Shaw serious?" he said, asking
the question of the walls, of me, of
the accusing public. "Mr. Shaw is more
serious than any man now writing.
He's saner. If we do not understand
him, ours is the fault People ask if
he is sincere. He is sincerity itself.
His conscience is absolute. He's a man
that— that feels he has certain things
to do. These he makes for in a straight
line. He would better neither you nor
himself if it meant swerving a hair's
breadth to either side."
"Is this his political or artistic con
science you speak of?"
"Both— all the consciences," said Mr.
Daly, and pounded the table with a
big, insistent emphasis. "I know little
of his political side, however. He did
tell me he was defeated In something
while I was over there. I tojd him I
supposed I should be sorry but that I
was glad. That kind of man has no
business wasting effort on anything
bo hopeless as trying to drive any in
telligence into the British Govern
ment. It's so incredibly old, so settled
In its stupidity. It makes absolutely
no difference if you are right or wrong,
if you commit the unpardonable sin
of being different. But it Is a thing
most beautiful and wonderful, I as
sure you."
"You needn't," I laugh, "I'm JEng
lish myself. But don't mind me, I'm
enjoying myself hugely."
"You always do." Mr. Daly pro
tested ingenuously, "and why not? You
can afford to. The Englishman al
ways gets there. His imagination leads
him neither to the right nor left. He
walks straight through, right over
everything to his goal. One must ad
mire him. Knock him down and he'll
brush his «oat and never know it. He
can well afford to applaud the wit,
gayety and light heart of the Irishman,
because" — very impressive was this
Irishman's voice here — "because every
gift of the Irishman leans to failure."
"Is Mr. Shaw an Irish Irishman?" I
asked. (
"Oh. I begged Mr. Shaw to let him
wear it in the usual way,"' Mr. Dalv
protested, with ridiculously delightful
pathos, "but he wouldn't."
"He usually doesn't. Doesn't he?"» I
sympathized.
"Generally." his disciple laughed.
"Hat did I not hear of two Daly
playlets going with the 'Man of Des
tiny' in Boston?" *
"I'm afraid so," the discovered au
thor owned. "I had to have some
thing."
"Did you— man to man — show them
to Mr. Shaw?' I inquired.
"Did I! I was too clever for that,"
the playwright boasted. "Mrs. Shaw
asked me to" —
"How is she?"
"Wonderfully charming," Mr. Daly
testified. Then he went on to tell me
that he had asked Shaw to write him
a strong love story to companion the
"Man of Destiny." "'I asked him to
write it without any Shaw for the de
light and astonishment of his audi
ences. He suggested that I should
write thirty-five minutes of the play
and give him five — think what he could
do with my puppets in five minutes!"
Mr. Daly crinkled with fearful joy at
the notion. A rich, boyish, buttery
chuckle prefaced the next: "I'd for
gotten all about the love play until
Mr. Shaw came to me one day with
this: 'I've been thinking for some
time of doing a love story to go with
the "Man of Destiny." I was wonder
ing how something like this would go?
Take a young man in love with another
man's wife. He is a very good young
man and decides to renounce the pas
sion as unworthy. Heartbreaking
scenes. The light of a whole life gone.
And so forth. The husband discovers
the situation. Confronts the young
man. Honorably, of course, the young
man denies the lady's love. Husband
bitterly disappointed. Furious!' "
I said something here about Mr.
Shaw's "seriousness."
In a hot moment Mr. Daly had
picked up this commonest little sling
shot used against his idol. Curiously
it seemed as if some swift Invisible tool
were at work on his face, carving
scorn into the lips, the nostrils, the
thinned eyelids. ,-
me rne a play on Cromwell as a com
panion piece. Charles First, you know,
comes in with his head under his arm
— it is a duologue between the two."
"With his. head under his arm! — "
"But it Is so morbid, the gloom so
deadly," the actor protested. "Shaw
is just as serious as Ibsen, but he says:
•Let us laugh about it.' Take the scene
betw«en Prossy and Marchbanks. How
would Ibsen have treated it? For ex<
ample, where Marchbanks says, 'Yes,
that is what all poets do— talk to them
selves out loud. But it's horribly lone
ly not to hear some one else talk some
times.' Prossy's heart is touched, and
Ibsen would have had her say, 'Oh,
ah!' and repeat Marchbanks indefi
nitely, and generally dig it in. But the
other man, with a rapier thrust of wit.
has you laughing while you think."
" 'Candida's, morals' — oh, you don't
mean it!" he continued. "Certainly
Candida's is not the 'I-wiII-be-good'—
Dr. Mun-von sort of goodness. She is
the absolutely sane— if commercial in
her affectlonal instincts— type. She
would no more think of doing that kind
of wrong than you and I would think
of dipping a cup in the gutter to drink.
It's shocking, disgusting, the fashion
in which people pounce upon that sug
gestion of the play— any play? Shaw
has delivered himself somewhere on
the subject saying 'that Candida has
seduced Marchbanks as far ' You
remember? But of that sentence one
word flames for the unclean— shame on
them," the Daly eyes were burning.
"They say again that Mr. Shaw Is
no poet. You said it. I want to see
your face after the last act of 'Can
dida.' "
I asked: "Why didn't Mr. Shaw
write a poem for his poet in the second
act?"
Sunshine again. "He asked me," the
actor chuckled— "I'd read a bit of Shel
ley there— why I didn't recite "The
Boy Stood on the Burning Deck!' Half
past five! I'm half an hour late for re
hearsal! Your fault!"
"So sorry," I said as we came dpwn
stairs, "But I'm not a bit, really."
" 'Ghosts' and 'Candida,' " the • ac
tor decided, .''art the two best con
structed plays ever written, I think.
But look again at the difference.
What is the use of a play like
'Ghosts'?"
"I thought we moderns were content
with 'art for art's sake'?"
Slyly then I said: "But Mr. Shaw
owns that he himself is better than
Shakespeare!"
"And isn't he?" Mr. Daly asked ag
gressively.
"Perhaps he would better be com
pared with Ibsen?" I ventured.
"We didn't have it here."
"You were fortunate," said Daly, get
ting up to stamp around as he laughed.
"Still for those that appreciate refined
burlesque — Edifying spectacle! an
elderly female dressed up as a boy
making love — ooh. And then they call
Maeterlinck the Belgian Shakespeare.
Poor Shakespeare! Mr. Maeterlinck
should remember that 'Romeo and Ju
liet' was written just a few years ago.
I think it's a better play. At any rate
it's cleaner."
called Mr. Shaw's visit to the "Pe'lleas
and Melisande" ,of Sarah Bernhardt
and Mrs. Pat Campbell in London. "I
begged him not to go.* I was afraid he
would be arrested. But ,1 heard on
fairly good authority that he behaved!
I couldn't. Awful, wasn't it?"
He threw back hJ* h'ead in a "long
haired" fashion to this. "I think
You Never Can Tell* will be the next.
After 'Candida' I think it nearer to the
peneral public than any of the other
plays."
I told him then that fascinating ech
oea of his "Man of Destiny" production
had reached us.
. "I want to'do that here," the
raid, " shall do it next spring if you are
fcood to 'Candida.' ilr. Shaw is raak-
Mr. Daly brightened at this to a
quick: "I hope they will like 'Candida'
as well. For, you know?" the brogue
warmed up here and the eyes danced.
"Shaw prophesies that I shall lose all
kin,ds of money with the play. He
nays, "and the sooner you get rid of it
the better — that syndicates are formed
to lose money,' but he's been wrong so
far." The "he" should be capitalized to
ylve it the Daly color. "I've made
money on Shaw, and I'm going to try
It tome more." You would take several
chance* on a thing that Arnold Daly
BSjrs he will "try eome more" if you
heard him say it.
I asked lust what Shaw the actor
would next venture to rescue from its
literary notoriety.
Without undue vanity, I hope, I
subjoined to this that for the first
night of "The Devil's Disciple," pro
duced here last year by Henry Miller,
the house was sold out.
"that you* will not feel about the play
as I heard two youths in Sal^m ex
press themselves. 'Well?',, said one.
"Got to me for two bucks,' said the
other." ("Two dollars." Mr. Daly trans
lated for my ignorance.)
"I think I can promise better than
that for us," I ventured.
"You really think it will be liked?"
he asked. I remembered then that
upon Arnold Daly's young shoulders —
like Cousin Kate he is only 29 — lies
the whole anxiety of the production
of "Candida." "Mind." he added, "I
do not expect too much. I'm no the
orist. I know that when you begin to
Bell 'Apollo* instead of 'Slapolio' it
takes time, whether it is in London
or San Francisco."
"Oh, mayn't we talk about the type
writer?" he asked, nodding over at
one.
. "Next time," I promised.
"I hope only," the actor said then,
"Then we may talk about 'Can
dida.'?" I insinuated. I had heard that
Mr. Daly preferred to talk of any
thing else— except George Bernard
Hhaw. Naturally I wanted to hear
nbout both. i
and worry and difficulties of a pro
duction." From which I perhaps er
roneously gathered that the actor folk
had not been wholly generous in their
appreciation of the Daly efforts. •
"He's just been here." I threw in.
"Yes. I know. But you reminded
me," Mr. Daly began, clasping his
hands over his knees, as I think he
would have clasped McRae's had he
been there, "you reminded me of the
most welcome letter I received con
cerning 'Candida' — I have had only
nbout 2000. Bruce McRae wrote it."
"Ah?"
. "dimply — well, it ran just about like
this: "Dear Daly: How can we thank
you? Always your debtor.' That was
all. But you see 4t came from an ac
tor, on» that understands all the work
' ' "Wonder why every one remembers
<that?" the actor speculated. "I said it
one day and the next woke up to find
myself a famous— 'Mick.' I'm it on
both sides and for billions of years
back," he answered then.
•It's just like Bruce McRae>," I
murmured.
•What is?" Mr. Daly asked.
"The accent, of course," I laughed.
He asked me with the "gravity of the
humorist," "Irish, is it? really? Well,
in Londun they label it American. Then
in New York they brand it English*.
The only safe place for me to play —
as. Maurice Barrymore used to say —
is' on the trans-Atlantic steamers'.
But Bruce McRae — "
. Then I asked: "And how much of a
: M-ick' are you. Mr. Daly? You said
'rhu 'would rather be a Mick than a
king.' you know."
I owned up to the long hair. I had
sfen Mr. Dalv so pictured— hyacinthine
locks about a broad brow, soft collar
and the rest of it. as the t>oet in "Can
dida." And I -had identified this fore
most disrtple of Shaw with them.
Well? Not at all like this was the mat
ter-of-fact person facing me — at least,
I thought so then, for Mr. Daly is only
"long-haired" inside. However, I had
time only to note the extreme every
dayness of his suit, the short, business
like hair — when I caught the elint of
the Daly eye. Probably Mr. Daly
¦a ears shoes and is collared like the rest
of his tribe. Probably, too, there was a
table in the business office of the Co
lumbia — where we were — for Mr. Daly
hunched it instead of the public eye that
sees nothing but the "shawl" speech in
"Candida." There must also have been
* typewriter, for the actor suggested
talking about it when I first mentioned
the comedy. But of these things and
anything else there I have onlv cir
cumstantial evidence. I was too busy
with the drama in the Daly eyes — blue
gray they are as to color, large and
thickly lashed— true Irish eyes. But
match them when he talks of Shaw — see
th#m eoften and blaze with the fires of
hero-worship. See them again, with thin
lids cuttlns off all but a knife-ed^e of
fes Daly pours fine, young soorn
en those who consider his master only
a'. Jester. Then watch them dance as,
£haw-llke, he gibes at the gods, the
devils and the rest of us. The ir.outh
—^clennly curved and sensitive, helps,
too.- Neither Is one indifferent to the
effect of the nose — boldly turned and
aggressive — the nose of a good fighter.
Then there's the brogue. And it's oh,
th«=>" delectable brogue of him!
•It was only a step from the brogue to
the "Mick" Mr. Daly has said he pre
.ferred to be rather than a king. But
he used it first to tell me^Jhat he had
been here for the first time nine years
•aco with Frank Mayo in "Puddirt'head
,TVUson." in which he got his first
chance.
He Answered further the surprise I
could not help showing by saying: "I
should of course be long-haired, and
perhaps a tired collar might add to the
illusion?"
- ! ls this Mr. Dalv?" I asked. "I be
lieve to," replied the grave young gen
tleman'fronting me.
Josef Hoffman's three concerts here
are to be given in thu first week of
October. He begins hi? Ar_erican tour
here, coming directly from Berlin to
San Francisco.
Few people know that De Pachmann,
who will again delight American audi
ences this season with his wonderful
playing, was a "violin prodigy" in early
childhood. His father, a doctor In phi
losophy and law at the University of
Odessa, and a violinist of note, was hi3
son's Instructor. The young Vladimir
by the time he was trn years old had
become proficient enough to astonish
the public with his mastery of the vio
lin. However, he preferred the piano
for his life work and when he was H
went to the Vienna Conservatory,
where in two years he was awarded
the highest honor— that of laureate.
If Le Oaulois and Figaro of
Paris be right— and they not uncom
monly ar- — we may expect much from
Miss Fannie Francisca, who comes this
month to the Alhambra. Miss Fran
cisca is compared therein with new
enthusiasm in the old simile to a fem
inine flute, her coloratura work and
the exceptional range - of her voice
bringing out an extraordinary array of
adjectives. Miss Francisca has been
"out of sight — and out of mind," per
haps — in thirt her native city for more
than 1 years and the indications ar?
that she will he warmly welcomed on
her return. Ste comes here directly
from European triumphs, not, a3
sometimes our own return to us, when
they can no longer obtain hearing else
where. The concert dates are now ar
ranged for September 21 (evening) an<i
September 24 (afternoon), and Mi?s
Francisca's programmes are to include
some excerpts from the newer operas
that have not been heard here before.
• - »
It is announced that the twentieth
annual entrance examinations of the
National Conservatory of Music of
America wilf be held as follows: Piano
and organ, September 13 (Tuesday;,
10 a. m. to 12 m.. 2 to 4 p. m; singins.
September 14 (Wednesday), 10 a, m. to
12 m., 2 to 4 p. m., S to 5 p. m.; violin,
viola, cello, contrabass, harp and all
other orchestral instruments. Septem
ber 13 (Thursday), 10 a. m. to 12 m., 2
to 4 p. m.; children's day, September 17
(Saturday), piano and violin. 10 a. m.
to 12 m., 2 to 4 p. m. It is interesting
to note that this distinguished institu
tion begins this week its twentieth
scholastic year, the faculty now includ
ing such people as Rafael Joseffy, Adela
Margulies, Leopold Lichtenberg, Eu
gene Dufriche, Leo Schulz. Henry T.
Fink, Max Spicker and Charles Heln
roth.
Those desiring further particulars of
the examinations and curriculum of
the institution can address the secre
tary, 128 East Seventeenth street, New
York.
The programme of the Heinrichs "at
the Orpheum this we^k will be a Gor
ing Thomas duet, '"Noontide Heat Has
Long Passed O'er," an Irish folk sonj?
by Arthur Foote and A. C. McKenzie'3
"Spring Song." Too much praise can
not he given to the enterprise of the
Orpheum in engaging such people a3
the Heinrichs. The aceompanirrent*
of Max Heinricha are alone worth
going for, and his genial, artist song
is yet another of the precious things of
the concert stage. Miss Heinricha <3
also a highly accomplished singer, her
charming personality adding not a lit
tle to the pleasure given by her fine
voice and cultivated method. It speaks
rather well for OFarrell street that the
Heinrichs' efforts are meeting with ths
warmest appreciation.
Curiosity as to the eleusinlan mys
teries of the Bohemian Club "jinks'*
will doubtless help to fill tho Tivoli
next Thursday afternooon, when a
kind of public "jinks" is to be given by
the famous club. Though they will not
have their columned amphitheater, nor
the scented gloom of the grove at
Guerneville, they are to give to the
public ear some of the melodies that
have so far echoed onlv tnerein.lt has
been decided that it was unkind to both
the composers and local music lovers
to allow these compositions to remain
practically unknown. Last year, it will
be remembered. Fritz Seheel pro
duced with much success portions of
Dr. H. J. Stewart's "Montezuma," the
musical setting of the "high jinks"
drama by Louis J. Robertson, and it
was probably the interest shown there
in that determined the Bohemians to
give the affair of next Thursday. Not
only will "Montezuma" be given, but
selections from the preceding year's
festival music by Joseph D. Redding,
together with this year's music done by
W. J. McCoy. The composers will con
duct in each case, and there will be a
picked orchestra of sixty men at their
service. The formation of the orchestra
has been left in the competent hands of
Mr. Redding.
One heara very good things of Mr.
McCoy's setting of 'The Hamadryads,"
this year's drama. There is. I am as
sured, some charming choral writing in
the work, a striking "Processional
March," a fine "Supplication" and a
stunning symphonic overture. It i3
worth mentioning that Paul SteindorfC
is among my informants. Indeed. Mr.
Steindorff put it that "hardly too high
praise" can be given to some parts of,
the -McCoy work.
Then there are to be further fasci
nating confidences in the shape of
readings from the "Jinks" books of the
last three years. One can hear music
any day— but these! And the affair is
to be a genuinely public one. The
members of the club> have been re
stricted in their purchase of tickets to
four apiece and to-morrow morning the
remainder will be placed on sale at the
Tivoli box office, the prices to be: For
the top gallery $1 and for the rest of
the house, with the exception of pri
vate boxes, $2. The business side of
the entertainment is in the hands of
William Oroer Harrison, V.'illard Bar
ton and Jack Wilson.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST : 28, 1904.
19Names in House of Commons.
An analysis of the names of the
members of the House of Commons
shows that out of the total of 670 no
Ies3 than 92 are called John, the re
mainder being made up as follows: Wil
liam, 57; Charles. 42: James, 34; Thom
as. 30; George, 27; Edward, 27; Henry
27; Arthur. 20; Frederick, 18; Robert,
17; Joseph, 16; Samuel, 12; Patrick, 10;
and miscellaneous other naxnea, 237.—
St. James Gazette.
Camera to Stop Scorching.
PARIS, Aug. 27.— Police Prefect Le
plne is preparing to put In operation
an ingenious apparatus intended to put
a stop to the "scorching" of automo
biles alonsr the Champs Elysees. He
is planning to fix cameras on pivots at
certain points along the street. They
will be so arranged that when a ma
chine whizzes past the point they will
set in motion chronographs. The ap
paratus a!3o includes an arrangement
by which the chronographs will stop
at a certain given distance. Bv this
means the prefect expects to furnish
unerring evidence of speed violations.
the bridal party at luncheon — a pink
luncheon.
The ten who chatted over the begonia
decked table were: Miss Dillon, Miss
rhatlotte Ellinwood, Miss Patricia
Cosgrave, Miss Leontine Blakeman,
Miss Lucie King, Miss Jos3phine
Loughborough, Miss Spauldlng, Miss
Ethel Cooper. Miss Minnie Nash and
Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton.
Then on Wednesday night did Claude
Terry Hamilton dine the gay wedding
party, followed last night by a dinner
given by the fair bride herself at her
home on Pacific avenue.
Mrs. James H. Bull, wife of Com
mander Bull, commanding officer of
the United States naval transport So
lace, has arrived from Washington, D.
C, joining her husband aboard his
ship at Mare Island. She is accom
panied by her daughter, Miss Marjorie
Bull, and Miss Williamson, daughter
of Chief Engineer Williamson, the
whole party remaining aboard while in
port.
It will look like vacation in the fash
ionable churches this morning, as
everybody in the telephone book is
down at Del Monte at the "gymkhana"
— in English the auto meet.
Miss Ethel Hager went down to San
Mateo Wednesday, as did Miss Grace
Spreckels and others, making the run
down on Thursdav from that burg.
I, The Buckbees, the Hobarts, Mrs. Sa
bin. the Misses Sabln, Mrs. A. H. Voor
hles. Miss Malcolm Henry, Miss King,
Miss .Voorhies and loads of others went
down' Thursday, but quite a number
reached the hotel on the Friday morn-
j THREE PRETTY MAIDS OF SOCIAL PROMINENCE, j
The trout fishing at the Los Laureles
Undaunted, the Governor hopped off,
stepped into the temporary station and
called m> the camp. That was when
Captain Winn won distinction.
Jumping into an auto belonging, to
the Signal' Service men, he whisked
away down the road at a lightning clip,
made his apologies to the chief execu
tive and bore the party into camp ex
ultant. And all this while his brother
officers were skirmishing around the
dusty countryside to get a^line on the
Governor's arrival — the hour of which
seemed to be known only to that gen
tleman himself and the engineer who
drove the special.
But through Captain Winn's celerity
and tact the day was saved. Brevetted
for it? Not vet. But men have been
known to be brevetted for less.
Wasn't that quite like Captain Fran
cis K. Winn to do the right thing at the
right time? When? Why, when Gov
ernor Pardee was scheduled to, go, to
Atascadero and was to be met'atthe
station with the composite glad hand of
the armed forces •£ California, there
wasn't a brass-buttoned soul to meet
him, either at Paso Robles, where he
hopped off expectantly and momenta
rily, nor at Atascadero. Now, here was
a pretty situation.
As the train drew up to the station
with the gubernatorial party aboard
the Governor looked out eagerly .to
feast his eyes on the splendor of armed
forces, of which he was commander-in
chief — but alas! there wasn't a brass
button in sight.
ing "limited," quite in time to see the
most interesting tests.
Rancho was never better than now, and
the Isaak Waltons from Del Monte are
enjoying many a tough tussle with the
speckled beauties.
Like many other interesting, people,
Mrs. Louis Glass • and her daughter,
Miss Frankie, have spent much of the
6ummer In town, taking short jaunts
away when the country calls. ¦
Mrs. Glass and Miss Glass are f Tnous
swimmers, and during their last visit
to Santa Cruz, made some rather re
markable records.
¦Dr. and Mrs. Cooper, who have been
spending some time at Blythedale,
have returned to San Francisco. Mrs.
Cooper, until a few months ago was
Ella Goodall, one of the most popular
of Oakland's maidens fair.
The Albert Dibblees of Ross have
been entertaining Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Coleman of San Francisco.
The George C. Boardmans are still
in San Rafael, where they keep open
house for their children and children
in-law. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Board
man have been spending several days
with them.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Clark have
been in strict attendance on the polo
games at Santa Barbara, Mr. Clark
playing- occasionally with the reds.
Dick, Joe and Cyril Tobin put up
good games, putting the southerners
to rout in some 'closely cintested
games.
Tom Driscoll also distinguished him
self in the swift sport, seeming to
have buried in the past the memory of
the near fatal fall sustained last spring
while contesting for a ball from his'
pony's back.
» • *
Mrs. ThomaB Magee Sr. left for Eng
land last week to visit her sister and
brother-in-law, , Mr. and Mrs. Denis
O'SuIlivan.
• • •
Mrs. Mayo Newhall and Miss Marian
Newhall will leave about September 1
Kent's beautiful home at Kentfleld.
This is to be held next month, when
the air will still be balmy and sweet,
the country holding the charm which
comes with the turning of the leaves
and the ripening of the fruit.
Paul A. Zilllg and Dr. Fritz Kestner,
commissioners for the German Gov
ernment at the St. Louis Fair, and
Count Marco von Ballestrem, were the
guests of Mr. and Mrs. William Knapp
of Fruitvale at dinner on Sunday last,
after enjoying a drive through the
foothills of Alameda.
Mrs." A. E. Wellington is among the
many, both in San Rafael and Ross,
who add to their own enjoyment of the
summer by entertaining often. Mrs.
Wellington's stunning tally-ho, with
its merry load, is well known on the
country roads and- in San Rafael. Mr.
and Mrs. Boole, Mrs. Wellington's
brother and charming little sister-in
law, are still in Ross.
Charles ' Sedsrwick Aiken and Miss
Florence Aiken went down to Del
Monte for the auto run to remain over
for a few days.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. William Babcock left
the first of the month for the East,
where they will visit Mrs. Babcock's
mother. Thev will probably remain
until September 1 or October 1.
Mrs. George D. Boyd has returned to
San Rafael after an absence of five or
six weeks.
Mr. ; and Mrs. J. Naphtaly of San
Francisco have arrived In London and
are staying at Cecil Hotel. They
have planned a long tour in Great
Britain. .'¦ ..
..¦•:•.*• . '"
• J. Downey Harvey and Walter Mar
tin, who left for the southern part of
the State, have Joined Mrs. Martin in
Los Angeles. They expect to return^ to
the north by ,way . of Santa Barbara,
where they, will stop over for a day or
two. The Martin clan has much busi
ness to transact'semi-annually, partic
ularly so now, as a pretty lively win
ter is on the tapis and the demands on
the familv funds will be rather heavy.
Miss Alice Greer Caldwell, one of the
fairest maids of Cloverdale, is yet an
other Just wooed and won. Her fiance,
Mr. Roberts of San Diego, was at one
time a resident of this city. The wed
ding will probably occur some time af-
for New York, where Miss MaTian will
be placed at school.
Thrice lucky is the man who has won
the love of charming Gertrude Eells.
Not in all the wide State is there a
more winning maid than she— winning
in her naturalness, her disposition and
her charm of manner. Something of
the dignity and charm of both sides of
her family seem to have descended
to* her from the Eells and Shepherds.
In the early days of Oakland there
was no one more beloved than Miss
Eells' handsome grandfather, Dr.
James Eells. And the Shepherds were,
and still are, representatives of Oak
land's most conservative society. Ross
Valley claims Miss Eells through the
.summer, San Francisco through the
winter. Lieutenant Babcock, . her
fiance, is receiving loads of good wishes
these days, and fine fellow he is, well
worthy of • his bride.
On Monday afternoon Mrs. William
Llndsley Spencer entertained at cards
at her Vallejo-street home in honor
of her sister, 'Mrs.'. Edwin 'C. Ewell,
who is starting out on a world-tour.
'Among the guests who played were
Mrs.i Ewell, Mrs. Samuel Buckbee, Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. Elizabeth
Cole, Miss Nina Gordon* Mrs. Pedro
Wessell, Miss Grace Buckley, Mrs.
Thomas Benton Darragh, Mrs. . William
F. Perkins. I.liss Isabel Kendall, Mrs.
Edward Houghton and Mrs. Frederick
McLeod Fenwick. • •
Mr. and ' Mrs. Spencer entertained
at dinnter Monday evening, when their
guests were: Mrs. Ewell. Mrs. Pedro
Wessell, Mr. and Mrs. \ Henry. F. Dut
ton. Dr. and Mrs. Frank <P. Wilson,
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Farr and Mrs.
Peter Dunn. - . .
There are those who say that Mrs.
Sam Buckbee 'should be ruled out of
amateur games — or: the ; ''boobies*'/ be
given the benefit of handicaps..' When
she really tries to put. up a good game
there are few women— even men— who
can ,beat her. Bridge if her special
delectation. " . .-, j .
* * • • • '*%. - ' ¦ ¦
Miss Ardella Mills is back'; from the
north, where she held high court
among the clever men and women in
the burgs above us.
There Is no charity that appeals to
the heart as does that which has for
its motive the helping ot little chil
dren. The atmosphere Is already
charged with suggestions of the garden
fete to be given for the Presbyterian
Orphanage at Tamalpais, Mrs. E. A.
ter Christmas and will be a lars* af
fair, the Caldwell home bein« well
adapted for such an affair.
The winter will find the Jack Wilsons
at the Palace, where they may enjoy
association with Mr. and Mrs. ClufT
and the younger duffs. Miss Callle and
Miss Florence.
Since her return Miss Josephine
Loughborough has been industriously
entertained and since the Greer-Ellin
wood festivities have been on she haa
been a very busy maid, as she is to be
one of the charming wedding party.
Mrs. Arthur Lord, formerly hand
some Marion Louderback, has gone
down for a visit to Del Monte.
Miss Elizabeth Col« has returned
from a several weeks' visit to Napa,
where she was the guest of Miss Ethel
Francis.
• • a
The Viscount d'Ollone. who spent sev
eral weeks in San Francisco, ia now at
Del Monte. The distinguished French
man is thoroughly delighted with tha
beautiful spot.
• • •
Miss Lillie O'Connor has returned to
Del Monte, after a trip south.
William O'Connor is there with Uft
sister.
Mr. and Mrs. Dennis Searles have re
turned from Tahoc, where they spent
several weeks. Work on their new
home in Piedmont has already been
begun and Mr. and Mrs. Searles hope
to have it ready for occupancy before
the winter is over.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Williams Poett
are occupying the Poett place at San
Mateo, intending to make their home
there. Mrs. Poett is fond of the coun
try, and finds life a rare Joy in the
balmy suburb.
the officers of the U. S. S. Buffalo and
the hospital ship Solace.
Tuesday was Just about the gayest
Tuesday that's been abroad since the
summer hegira, and yet it wasn't
alarming. There was Mrs. Albert
Gerberding's tea — an Informal affair at
her apartments at the San Carlos on
Pacific avenue — in honor of Mrs. James
Cunningham; and Allan St. John
Bowie's dinner at his Jackson-street
home in honor of Miss Elllnwood and
Robert P. Greer. At this charming af
fair the following guests toasted th<*.
health, happiness and prosperity of the
pair and. undoubtedly, of each other—
for the guests were good friends and
true. And what stronger bond could
bind them? "Wedlock? 11 Hardly. I
have yet to see a marriage reach mel
low maturity that was not founded on
just that quality— friendship.
The guests who made merry were:
Miss Ellinwood. Mrs. Bowie Dietrick,
Miss Katherine Dillon, Miss Leontine
Blakeman, Miss Minnie Nash, Miss
Helen Bowie. Robert P. Greer, Claude
Terry Hamilton. Harry M. Holbrook,
Dr. Harry Tcvis and Lieutenant Em
ory Winship, U. S. N.
Wednesday quite recovered from the
ennui of the summer, bringing forth
the Graham-Moore wedding, which
distinctly was the affair of the week.
The reception at the home of the
bride was attended by the following
guests^ Admiral and Mrs. Bowman H.
McCalla, the Misses McCalla, Lieuten
ant and Mrs. Charles P. Kindelberger,
Mrs. John T. Myers, Captain and Mrs.
Benjamin Tilley, Commander and Mrs^
James H. Glennon, Colonel and Mrs.
Manly H. Simons, Miss Simons, Miss
Helen Simons, Mrs. Richard Cutts, Dr.
and Mrs. Charles Bagg. Mrs. J. B. Mil
ton, Naval Constructor and Mrs. Mc-
Entee, Colonel and Mrs. Percival Pope,
Miss Edlyn Tilley, Miss Isabel Glen
non, Lieutenant and Mrs. Samuel Gra
ham, Mrs. McDougal, Miss Caroline
McDougal, Lieutenant and Mrs. Gor
gas. Paymaster and Mrs. David Pot
ter, Lieutenant Babb of the Marine
Corps, Miss Marie English of Vallejo,
Captain and Mrs. E. D. Taussig. Miss
Patty Palmer, Dr. Drake, Naval Con
structor and Mrs. F. B. Zahm. Mrs.
Reginald Nicholson, Paymaster and
Mrs. Hagner, Mrs. McCrea. Howard
McCrea and a number of others.
Lieutenant Graham having orders to
proceed East for duty, he will bear his
bonny bride with him— but the hurt in
the separation from loved ones at home
enters not into the hearts of lovers.
And this is in accordance with the will
of the Father.
On Wednesday afternoon Miss Ellin
wood was again feted— this time by
Miss Katherine Dillon, who entertained
"Weddings make the music of the
•world; sometimes a discordant note i»
struck, but, generally speaking, It is
music with gladness and harmony In it
Sometimes a glistening tear is seen at
the nuptial feast, even as when a ten
der ballad is sung. But that tear is a
crystal of joy— not grief— for the line
'twixt Joy and pain is thin and misty.
During the week past the wedding
bells r>ealed merrily for pretty Miss
Frances Moore and Lieutenant John
Graham. United States navy, who were
wedded at Mare Island in the quaint
little chapel of St. Peter.
And before the nuptials a merry
round of fun gave the men and maids
of the navy things to think about— and
do.
And following right on the heels of
Miss Moore's nuptials comes the an
nouncement of the betrothal of another
navy maid. Miss Anne Miller, daughter
of Admiral and Mrs. Miller, who has
promised. In the Irresistible manner of
navy maids, to wed George Brown,
rayrr.aster in the service. Just when
only the fair maid knows.
Now comes the Greer-Ellinwood wed
ding, to be celebrated on Wednesday —
and isr.'t there music in that? — for
vrhere co^ld sweeter harmony exist
than between a man and maid, mated
socially, mentally, physically and spir
itually 0
A inerry month has this been. ' the
last of her girlhood. Teas, luncheons
and dinners have been given in her
honor, crowding much merriment into
the ecstatic era of betrothal — for Amer
ican maids and matrons have a merry
way of taking their fun. And in this.
by the way. thev differ vastlv from
their English cousins, who go to their
functions gayly caparisoned, but with
the expression of Mary Queen of Scots
going to the scaffold.
On the same auspicious autumn day
will Miss Anna Sperry give her hand
and heart to Lieutenant Clarence Car
rigan. United States army, the service
taking place in the bride's hillside
home in Sausalito.
Then on September 7, a week later,
comes the wedding of Miss Violet Fife
and Laurence Foster, the ceremony to
be held in St. Paul's and no doubt will
be a smart affair — Miss Fife herself a
stunning bride.
On Thursdav r.ext will Miss Ruth
Quinan be wed to Charles Marks, the
gnod looking JOnturkian. when another
handsome bride will plight her troth.
So doth the nierry music onward go,
while the gray old world toils on.
It is reallv generous of the directors
of the Bohemian Club to permit the
public to hear its famed jinks music,
and to list to the scintillant soarings of
its woodland poets.
On Thursday afternoon, September 1.
the melodies wiM be unloosed at the
Tivoli. And therein shall be a feast,
for selections will be given from the
"Indian Jinks." composed by Dr. H.
J. Stewart; "Montezuma." by Joseph
D. Redding, and "The Hamadryads."
by W. J. McCoy. And that the best in
them may be given the people the com
posers themselves will hold the baton.
And Richard M. Hotaling. he of the
silvery voice, who can show Sir Henry
Irving fume things about interpreting
"Richelieu," will interpret the score.
Now. that will be worth hearing, for
'tis eaid by men amply blessed with
discernment that the lines, as well as
the melodies, are distinctly clever, and
that not a joke needs a diagram.
The boxes have been sold out already,
as well as many of the seats, but to
morrow morning the sale will begin in
earnest at the Tivoli box office.
• • •
That there will be an outpouring of
the feminine factors in the smart set
:s assured, for the Bohemian Club is
distinctly persorta grata with smart
maids and matrons. The reason? The
reason is two-fold— interesting men and
the phastc^mal glow that envelops the
name of Bohemia.
Twill hp a. smart gathering— that's
assured.
Among the delightful affairs given for
Mips Moore, now Mrs. Graham, was
the dance held last Saturday night
aboard th*» receiving ship Independence
at Mare Island, with Charles Taussig,
son of Captain Taussig of the Inde
pendence, as hoFt.
The old shin, loth to succumb to dull
inactivity, has a reputation to live up
to. which it does admirably.
Among the guests who gathered in
honor of the bride-to-be were: Captain
and Mrs. Taussig. Commander and Mrs.
C. B. T. Moore. Mips Lilly McCalla,
Miss Simons. Miss Helen Simons. Miss
Frances Waggoner, the Misses Wil
liams, Miss Mattie Milton of Kan Fran
cisco. Miss Edeline Tilley, Miss Marie
English of Vallejo. Miss Courtney Col
lins. Miss Isabell Glennon and Miss
lima Chase of Oakland, Lieutenant
John S. Graham. Lieutenant Owens of
the United States Marine Corps. Pay
master M. R. Goldsborough of the In
dependence, Assistant Surgeon Angwin,
Assistant Paymaster E. H. Cope. Ben
Tilley. Assistant Civil Engineer Fred
eric H. Cook and Hal Chase of Oak
land.
On Monday night the bachelor offi
cers of Locksley Hall— such an allur
ing name— gave a merry dance in honor
of their comrade. Lieutenant Graham
and his bride-to-be— and there was fun,
real fun, and some very excellent
punch.
The officers are all likely chaps, and
make splendid hosts. Such fine fellows
really should follow in the elysian path
chosen by Lieutenant Graham— at least
so sighed the maids in their after
chat.
Among 1 the guests who made merry at
Locksley Hal! — I like to write that
name, because It sounds like "litra
thure"—were: Chaplain McAllister,
Mrs. McAllister, Commander Ransom]
Captain Bootes, Lieutenant Prichard!
Lieutenant Owens, F. A. Cook, Colonei
Pope, Mrs. Pope, Commander J. c. B.
Moore, Mrs. Moore, the Misses Moore,
Paymaster Potter, Mrs. Potter, Lieu
tenant Commander Glennon, Mrs. Glen
non, the Misses Glennon, Miss Milton,
the Misses Williams, Dr. Smith, Mrs!
Smith, Captain Tausslg, Mrs. Taussig,
Miss Taussig. Charles Taussig, Miss
Chase, Mr. Chase, Miss Tilley, Ben
jamin Tilley Jr., Miss Courtney Collins,
LONENGRIN IS RINGING THROUGH THE LAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, AUGUST 28. 190£
20VOLUME XCVI— NO. 89.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO,; SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904— PAGES r 21 TO 34.
RUSSIANS RETAKE POSITIONS
CAPTURED BY KUROKI'S MEN
ENJOYS HIS
VOYAGE TO
OUR SHORES
SCENE IX BELEAGUERED PORT ARTHUR. A BRISK MOMENT IN A RUS
SIAN BATTERY DURING ONE OF THE FREQUENT ARTILLERY DUELS
BETWEEN THE BESIEGERS AND THE DEFENDERS OF THE CITT.
OYSTER BAY,- L. I., -Aug.; 27.—
Among .the callers • on -.'•, President
Roosevelt to-day were Joseph; Winter,
general secretary; Charles E. Haulselt,
treasurer, and Charles Hauser. a di
rector of the German Roosevelt
League Guards. , The league is j said
to number. more than 6000 Germans
In New -York arid about twice -as many
moreMni other • parts of the United
States. .,;.> ; :-v^:^viX-/:'.. _ ......
President Rec-cives Visitors.
DESPERATE ROBBER TRIES
TO SHOOT HIS CAPTORS
C>i>en5 Fire on Ofliccrs With a Revol
ver Taken l»y Him lYom Pocket
of a Deputy.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 27. — Jacob
and Silas Casteel, who were arrested
* at Banning yesterday for holding up
a peddler and robbing him of JSO on
the Whittier road August 21, arrived
here to-day in charge of five deputies.
~L The men resisted arre#t and when
caught and handcuffed after a three
gays' chase, one of them succeeded in
flipping a revolver from the pocket of
a deputy and opened fire on the of
ficers. The prisoners were clubbed on
the heads with rifles and finally sub-
Sued. None of the officers was ln-
Russian Warships Moving.
NTBORG, Aug. 27.— A Russian
cruiser and two torpedo-boats passed
here this morning, going northward.
been produced from the golden poppy,
the State flower of California and the
pride of the Native Sons and Daugh
ters of the Golden West. Under the
m&glc touch of this eminent scientist
the poppy has been caused to turn its
golden petals first a few shades paler,
then to take on a pink tint and later
the blood color of crimson. The Bur
bank touch was necessary to accom
plish this wonder in the flower and
without him it would never have been
accomplished. The thought of the
eschscholtzla being anything but
golden in color has never been con
ceived and only a few of Burbank's
favored friends were aware of the
fact that he "was evolving the crimson
color in the State flower until he made
the anouncement of the fact that it
bad been accomplished.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 27. — The latest
evolution in the floral kingdom due
to the genius of Luther Burbank is
the crimson eschscholtzla, which has
Under the Magic Touch of Luther
Bnrbank the Golden* . Poppy
Changes Its Color.
CRIMSON ESCHSCHOLTZIA
THE LATEST IN FLOWERS
BERLIN, Aug. 27. — Postmaster
General Payne's suggestion that the
time is at hand for a 2-cent postage
between the United States, Germany
and Great Britain, although the sub
ject of favorable comment in the
press, is not regarded at the Ministry
of Posts as feasible. Such a proposal
In the International Postal Congress
would bring, out .an .Instructive inter
change of views, but the German pos
tal delegates would be against its
adoption.
Were Germany, to reach a 2-cent
agreeement with the United States it
would be expected a,lso by her neigh
bors, Switzerland, Belgium, France
and Holland. ¦ Consequently the ques
tion must be considered by Germany
as a proposal for a one unit postage
¦with all countries. This would reduce
the revenues by many million marks,
a reduction in Income to which, the
Finance Ministry is not* likely to con
sent. — ~>-V.--~~' ¦-->;.
Ministry of Posts Docs Not* Believe
Payne's Two- Cent Rate Is
Feasible!
REDUCTION IN POSTAGE
UNFAVORABLY 'REGARDED
BATTLESHIP LOUISIANA
GLIDES DOWN* THE WAYS
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., Aug. 27. —
The battleship Louisiana, sister ship
to the Connecticut, being built at tho
Brooklyn Navy Yard, was successfully
launched at the Newport News Ship
building Company's yards to-day.
Miss Juniata La Lande of New Or
leans was the sponsor and broke a
bottle of wine across the prow of the
new fighter.
protshny. the Bodry and the Bles
tiashly.
An imperial order Just issued en
rolled in the navy for transport ser
vice four merchantmen now at Vladi
vostok under the names of the Ous
sourl. the Sangarl, the Selonga and the
Mongougay. Some of them were pur
chased and some were confiscated by
the prize court.
BALTIC SQUADRON'S MAKE-UP.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 27.— The
official ' list; of the Russian warships
which sailed from Kronstadt on Au
gust 25 is as follows:
Battleships — The Souvaroff, Ad
miral Rojestvencky's flagship; the
Navarln, the Slssoi Veliky, the Boro
dino, .the Alexander III and the'Osla
bya,. Admiral Voelkersam's flagship.
~ Cruisers— The Admiral." Nakhiraoff,
the, Dmitri Donskoi. the Aurora and
the' Almaz, Admiral Enqulst'a flag
ship.
Torpedo-boat destroyers— The.Buiny,
the . Bystry, the . Boedovy, the ¦ Btzu-
War News Continued an Pace 83.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 27. — An
Imperial decree has been published di
recting that in commemoration of the
Czarevitch's birth a Bum of money
shall be assigned from the imperial
privy purse sufficient, to found one
hundred scholarships. These are to be
divided equally between naval and mil
itary educational establishments. The
scholarships are to be named after the
Emperor and Empress and awarded
to children of deserving soldiers and
sailors killed or wounded in the war."
The decree also directs that the ad
ministration j of the . imperial estates
shall devote. the annual interest accru
ing from the sum of $1,000,000 for. the
support, in the name of .the whole im
perial family, of- families of soldiers
and sailors— the money to be used pre
ferably for the education of their chil
dren. ¦ . ...• -
Emperor Issues Decree Establishing
Scholarships for Children of
Soldiers and Sailors.
BIRTH OF THE CZAREVITCH
OPENS FATHER'S PURSE
ALTO PASS, 111.. Aug. 27. — When
he found a nest of snake eggs in a
field on his farm, Ed Folens, who
lives at Cache Bottoms, near this place,
Thought it would be an excellent joke
to take the eggs home and surprise
his family.
He surprised then and, incidentally,
scared the women members into sev
eral different stages of hysterics. For
Folens let his after dinner pipe lull
him into forgetfulness of the eggs
and he retired for the night, leaving
the snakes. to hatch out in his pocket.
They hatched out perfectly and
when Folens . put his hand into his
pocket at the breakfast table next
morning. Instead of his tobacco he
drew out a handful of young snakes.
There was a panic In the Folena
household until the last of the snakes
was killed.
Folens . has been made to swear
upon his oath that the next time he
finds a nest of snake eggs he will let
it rest.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
"My Government has not indicated
in Its note to the powers," the Minis
ter replied, "Just what steps will be
necessary if the Russian ships are not
immediately disarmed. But it should
be remembered that the Ryshitelni
was not completely disarmed when
seized by the Japanese and under the
circumstances her presence was cer
'talnly disadvantageous to Japan for
a military. reason."
"Will, it be necessary to send a Jap
anese squadron into Shanghai to take
away the Russian ships,' as was done
with the Ryeshitelni at Chefu?" the
Minister was asked.
WASHINGTON, Aug.' 27. — Japan
has addressed a note to the powers,
informing them that unless Russia
forthwith disarms her warships in
Shanghai Japan will be forced to take
whatever steps she deems necessary
to protect her interests. Takahira,
the Japanese Minister, called at the
State Department to-day and left with
Adee, the acting Secretary of State,
the communication of the Toklo Gov
ernment- Takahira said to-night:
"While Japan sincerely hopes that
the reported intention of Russia to
disarm the Askold and Grozovol at
Shanghai will promptly be executed.
my Government has felt that it .was
advisable to inform the powers what
must necessarily be its attitude in the
event that the disarmament of the
Russian ships Is delayed. The condi
tions at Shanghai are peculiar be
cause of • the International Interests
there and my Government is desirous
of giving these Interests every consid
eration."
JAPAN* GIVES WARNING.
¦DUBLIN. Aug. 27.— Weight is at
tached to the new Irish Reform Asso
ciation as another step in the move
ment toward Irish self-government. It
was founded by Lord Dunraven and
: Lord Mayo end the other landlords
¦who participated in the land confer
ences. It purposes to organize a body
of Irish opinion, particularly among
the upper classes, to press reforms in
dependently of the claims of the Na
tionaltets and of the reactionary Ul
rter Orangemen. While the association
'h&a not a. Eirgle member in the House
of Commons, its views may be useful
to the Irish party through its represen
tation in the House of Lords, consist
ing of about a score of peers.
Captain Ehaw-Taylor. one of the
prominent organizers of the movement,
makes no secret of the fact that he
and many of his colleagues aim event
ually at home rule, although they are
refraining for the present from any
euch declaration, lest - their possible
supporters should be frightened off.
However, the first step in the direction
of home rule is evident in the asso
ciation's attitude in favor of treating
Ireland as a separate financial entity.
Instead of the Irish money going into
the imperial exchequer, making its ex
penditure for Irish purposes dependent
upon English treasury officials and
thus being represented as a kind of
English generosity, the new Idea is to
place earmarks on the Irish funds, note
how much Ireland pays in, assign a
e-hare for imperial purposes and use
1 the remainder for Irish purposes in ac
cordance with the Irish opinions.
fpeda.1 Dispatch to The Call
Illinois Farmer Carries
Home a Reptile's Xest
and Starts a Small Panic
any previous time since the commence
ment of the war. The road3 along the
railway between Liaoyang and Mukden
are crowded with transports of all
Borts.
The Japanese batteries opened the
fight at dawn with a furious fire of
shells, which destroyed Tunsinpu, be
lieving mistakenly that the village
concealed a large force of Russian re
servos. The Japanese column .ad
vanced, under a severe bombardment,
but was checked by the Burlat Cos
sacks, who were concealed in the
nelds of Chinese corn. The Buriats
behaved splendidly, standing off the
Japanese attack for three I hours,- but
then were forced to retire in the face
of strong Japanese reinforcements and
the big shells thrown by the latter's
howitzers. - .
The Russian batterioa then opened a
fire for the first time, and the Russian
Infantry, supporting . the Cossacks,
swept forward and reoccupied the
position, silencing . the Japanese guns.
The Russian losses were only two
officers and eighty men wounded.
General Kuroki Joined forces with
General Oku- in the attempt to cut the
line, between Anshanshan and Lian
diansian. The battle of August 25 raged
along the eastern front. A strong Japa
nese force attacked the Russians at
Miao Pass, eleven miles east of An
shanshan, and at Sandlati and Tsegow,
twelve miles northeast of Liandiansian.
Nine batteries of six guns each bom
barded the Russian outposts. -At these
points the combat repeatedly developed
into hand-to-hand fighting. The Rus
sians stubbornly held the outposts the
whole day, falling- back on their main
position at night. *.
The chief artillery engagement was in
front of Liandiansian, the Japanese
concentrating/ the fire of ten batteries
and simultaneously advancing.on Tun
sinpu.
The Japanese resumed the bombard
ment early .on August 26, devoting
most of their attention to Liandiansian.
The Russian field guns were very ef
fective. 'They dismantled thirty-two
Japanese guns, mostly mountain pieces.
A correspondent made the rounds of
the Russian positions in frOnt of Llao
yang Just .before the Japanese began
their advance. The Russians, the cor
respondent says, .have a semi-circle of
splendid positions from 'Anshanshan.
to 'Mukden. Fresh troops and guns are
arriving continually, and the Russian
Xorce. is etronger than it has been- at
LIAOYANG, Aug. 27. — The action
of August 26 at Tunslnpu, four miles
southwest of Liandiansian. continued
a half day with varying success. The
Japanese occupied the Russian posi
tion, but v.-ere subsequently forced to
retire. .
Irish Keform Association
Will Keep Watch on Funds
Received From Green Isle
PARIS. Aug. 27.— The sailing: of
M. Picard, delegate of the French
Government to the St. Louis Exposi
tion, on the Savoie to-day from Havre
brought out a notable demonstration.
A number of leading officials were at
the quay and the band of the Garde
Republic, which sailed on the same
vessel, played the '•Marseillaise" amid
great enthusiasm.
The French Government attaches
unusual importance to M. Picard's
mission, as he is one of the foremost
figures of France. He declined to ac
cept the position of Commissioner.
General, and therefore it was decided
to confer on him the title of delegate
of the ' French ¦ Government. This
makes M. Picard the personal repre
sentative of President Loubet and the
Government, giving him a rank similar
to that of an Embassador. He will
visit Oyster, Bay and St. Louis and
then make a tour of points between
Buffalo, Boston and New York. As
a member of Council of State. M.
Picard practically controls the rail
ways and traffic systsms X>t France.
French Government's Delegate to Fair
Given Ovation as lie leaves
Nntive Land.
DEMONSTRATION ATTENDS
PICAISD'S DEPARTURE
VIRGINIA CITY, Mont.. Aug. 27.—
Camping parties just returned from the
Yellowstone National Park report
bears to be more numerous in the
reserve than at any previous time.
During a three weeks' tour the Pur
viance-Foreman Geyser party reports
having seen fifty of.'tne animals.
The bears have become so plentiful
as to almost interfere with the pleas
ure of camping parties. No provisions
are safe from the ravages of the ani
mals, which visit camps at night,
ransacking everything in reach. ¦
The creatures are protected by the
Government and have lost all fear of
man and emerge from the forests like
droves of pigs.
A tourist named James Reynolds en
deavored to drive one of the bears
away with a club. Ho was cuffed by
the animal and "severely injured. .,
A new geyser has. broken through
the formation in the Upper Geyser
basin. A column of scalding water is
Bpouting ; a . distance , of fifty feet Into
the air everv forty minutes. "
Special Dispatch to The Call
A suit greatly admired by the women
was a smoking suit of silver gray silk
with trousers of robins' egg blue. On
the white silk facing were embroidered
sprays of forget-me-nots and wood
violets.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— It took three
days to sell the Marquis of Anglesley'a
wardrobe. Country gentlemen and men
about town, richly dressed women,
dealers in second hand clothing and,
theatrical costumem elbowed each
other in the effort to secure some of
the marvels of the collection.
¦ "Waistcoats were found too loud,
some of them being covered with span
gles with contrasts of colors that were
blinding. One of blue peacock, with
iridescent feathers, brought $65, but the
remaining, 210 in all, realized only
$875. The hit of the sale, perhaps, was
a lounge suit of ermine, which at onca
attracted the bids of the ladies. Thi3
was followed by a suit of brown cloth,
covered with great squares of blue, red
and green. Another costume that stun
ned the bidders was the Marquis' whlta
suede evening dress suit, which he wore
In public with a black silk shirt and
a black collar. A new smoking Jacket
of luscious Persian lamb was also cov
eted-by many.
The highest amount paid for any sin
gle article was $1500 for the Marquis'
famous overcoat of brown sable. It was
ornamented with twenty tails and ten
sable heads, and It 13 said to have cost
more than $5000. In the overcoat collec
tion there were specimens for every
happening . in life and every possible
weather and temperature.
Special Cable to The Calt and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by the New Yorlc
Horald Publishing Company.
SNAKES HATCH
IN HIS POCKET
LONDON, Aug. 29.— A Central News dispatch
from Rome says that it is stated on good authority
that Port Arthur has fallen. There is no official con
firmation.
Rumor of the Fall of Port Arthur.
SONS OF ERIN
LAY NEW PLANS
Animals Annoy Yel
lowstone Park
Visitors,
Fancy Prices Paid
for Gay Wearing
Apparel.
The Archbishop was met at the pier
by Bishop Potter; Rev. Morgan Dix,
rector of Trinity parish, and J. P. Mor
gan. As soon as the Archbishop's bag
gage was passed by the customs offi
cials the entire party left for the Grand
Central station, where a special train
was in waiting to take them to Quebec.
This is the first time that an Arch
bishop of the Church of England has
visited this country.
The Archbishop will go direct to Que
bec and to-morrow v.ill preach in the
cathedral in that city, the occasion be
ing the one hundredth anniversary of
the dedication of the church. With his
party he will also go to Montreal and
Toronto. Dr. Davidson is to receive an
honorary degree from the Toronto Uni
versity. He will then visit friends on
the coast of Maine, hoping for a much
needed rest while there. After this he
will pay his respects to President
Roosevelt and make various visits.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— The Right
Honorable and Most Venerable Thomas
Davidson. D. D., Lord Archbishop of
Canterbury and Primate of all England,
arrived here to-day on the steamship
Celtic, accompanied by his wife and
the vicar of Windsor. The Archbishop
said he had enjoyed the ocean voyage
and was in excellent health. •
Archbishop of Canter
bury Arrives on
the Celtic.
DISTINGUISHED PRIMATE OF ALL.
ENGLAND. WHO IS PAYING A
VISIT TO AMERICA.
The balloons gently inclined toward
the west as they ascended, and then,
suddenly striking a heavy current of
air sweeping from the east, they simul
taneously headed due west at consider
able speed. The vast concourse of
spectators, which had cheered when
the ascent began, renewed the cheers
when it was realized that the balloons
were proceeding in exactly the opposite
¦direction from the goal.
The balloons were visible for thirty
minutes and then disappeared from
view in the western sky. Both were
stocked with provisions sufficient for
two days. Each balloonist carried with
him carrier pigeons, which will be re
leased from time to time.
The statement was made Jate to
::i.sht by one of the assistant* of
Ueorpe C Tomlinson that a carrier
yigeon had returned to the loft from
i he balloon of the Syracuse aeronaut
with a message saying the balloon had
struck an eastern current. According
to the message Tomlinson's balloon had
crossed the Mississippi River and was
'h'eading direct east. Xothing had been
Heard from the other balloon up to
midnight.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 27.— With hardly a
ciotid la the sky, George Tomlinson of
Syracuse, N. Y., and Professor Carl
Meyers of Frankfort, N. T., the con
testant* for the $5000 prize offered by
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition to
the aeronaut who comes the nearer to
reaching the Washington Monument at
Washington, D. C, made successful
ascensions to-day from the Plaza New
Orleans at & o'clock.
Mrs. McVicker left Chicago in May
to go to California and was accom
panied by Dr. L. C. H. E. Zeigler, who
for years had offices in the McVicker
Theater building, adjoining the private
office of Mrs. McVicker. Prior to her
departure from Chicago Mrs. McVicker
sold all her real estate holdings and se
curities in the shape of stocks and
bonds. At the time of her death she is
known to have had $350,000 in cash on
deposit in various banks.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27. — Searching in
quiry will be made to ascertain the
exact cause of the death of Mrs. James
H. McVicker, widow of the well
known theatrical manager and former
owner and manager of- McVicker's
Theater. Relatives and friends sus
pect foul play, owing to. the inex
plicable conditions surrounding Mrs.
McVicker at the time of her sudden
death.
When last seen by her stepson. Hor
ace McVicker, less than a month ago,
Mrs. McVicker was in Pasadena, Cal.,
in the full vigor of health and
strength. Her death occurred on
Thursday night, under circumstances
that demand investigation. The only
details her relatives in Chicago have
received are contained in a simple
telegram from Dr. Zeigler, an osteo
pathic specialist, formerly of Chicago,
who said her death was sudden, and,
that owing to washouts on the rail
road, it would be impossible to send
the body home until September 1.
He-nice McVicker does not believe
his mother's death was due to nrtural
causes and he lias instituted a rigid in
vestigation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Surgeons Hold Autopsy and Decide
That Her Demise Was Due
• to Natural Causes.
Contrary Winds Carry the Air Craft
Westward When the Ascent
Is Made.
Stepson Discredits State
ment oi Specialist Who
Treated Her.
Two Aeronauts Competing
.for World's Exposition
Prize.
Leave SL Louis for
Flight to Wash
ington.
Orders Inquiry Into
Death ol Mrs,
McVicker.
RELATIVE
SUSPECTS
FOUL PLAY
BALLOONS
START ON
LONG RACE
TKS WSATKEB. > V s -
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours ending
midnight. August 38:
San Francisco and vicinity
Cloudy Sunday; light southerly
winds, changing; to brisk west
erly, a., q, MoASXS,
District Foreoaster.
THE THEATESS.
Alcazar — "The Frlda of Jeaulco."
California— "Tesi of the D'Ur
bervillM."
Central — "A Spy at Port Ar
thur." Matinee to-day.
Columbia— "Candida."
Fischer's, — "Anheuaer Push.™
Matinee to-day.
Grand — "Under Two riaji."
Matinee to-day.
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matinee
Tlvoli — "The Toreador."
The San Francisco Call.
BEARS RAID
THE TENTS
OF CAMPERS
ANGLESEY'S
WARDROBE
AUCTIONED$1 50 per dozed — fln« photos at I*entz*« itudlo.
818 Market street. Columbian building. •
«
TOKIO,' Aug. 27. — The belief is
growing here that a great and decisive
battle will ' be "fought at ' Liaoyang.
General Kuropatkin, * who j had an op
portunity ¦¦; to abandon Liaoyang. and
to: remove the bulk of his. stores and
the majority of his " army from that
place, evidently has chosen to remain
and give battle. He has concentrated
Kuropatkin Decides to Make His Final
Stand at' Iilaoyang.
PREFERS BATTLE TO RETREAT.
. PARIS, Aug., 27. — A dispatch to the
Temps from . Liaoyang, timed 5:30
o'clock, to-day, says the engagement
continued throughout the day . east
and south of the town. The Japanese
directed .a strong cannonade against
the- Russian positions, the firing last-
Ing from daylight until 1 o'clock in
the afternoon. Hospital trains are be
ing sent toward the front. ;S^#j
Japanese Cannon Vigorously Shell the
¦ Russian . Positions.
ENGAGEMENT CONTINUES.
Refugees Say the Stronghold Is in No
Immediate - Danger.
CHEFU,' Aug. 27. — The latest-re
port^ : received from Port Arthur. are
to the effect tMt the Japanese in their
attack during ' the night of August 22
captured ' Poyodo, a fort midway^be
tweeri- Takushan^nd the eastern de
fenses, and . reduced another fort im
mediately east'of the railway. Poyodo
mounted 'only -two small guns when
the Russians were. in possession of it.
The assault : 'was ' preceded by heavy
artillery fire from Takushan, where
the. JTapanes© -have "big. naval guns.
The Russians lost considerably before
they were compelled ,. to retire. The
fort was riot occupied by the Japanese,
as it Is behind a moat; which the Jap
anese in no instance- have been able
to cross. . .:
Persons arriving here who were in
Port Arthur^as late as August 24 be
lieve the Russian resistance: will prove
successful for .some time yet. They
explain that the Japanese are unable
to " occupy'. Etzshan fort. ,% The Jap
anese feinted constantly "in attempting
to do so, and in the meanwhile, by
tremendous labor, raised the summit
cf a smaller hill behind it to the level
of Etzshan Hill by means of sand
bags and there they mounted guns,
which assisted materially in the re
duction of the fort east of the rail- 1
way. This fort is the northernmost
of the eastern defenses, and with other
positions reduced or. occupied renders
the Japanese position in the vicinity
of the railroad threatening to Russian
hopes.. It is obvious that the Japanese
expect to enter Port Arthur from: th«
north." '-'-¦ - '". .,
Confirmation has been obtained of
PORT ARTHUR SITUATION.
The fighting *it Tsegow was of the
most desperate description. The Jap
anese hud the advantage of mountain
ous couiury, advancing along a ridge
Jrom Tantsiaputzy to Siao
lindzy. The latter place is situated
c:j the high road, ten miles southeast
of Liaoyang. Possession 'of this point
would render Liandiansian and An
pfng untenable. It la not improbable
that General Kuroki therefore will re
peat his attack in this direction.
The Japanese advance was charac
terized by the createst boldness and
arouses the belief In military circles
that cither General Kuroki has re
ceived considerable reinforcements or
that General Kuropatkin has, sent the
greater portion of his army northward,
leaving only a couple of corps at Liao
yangr. The absence of news of a Jap
anese movement along the Taitse
Kiver in order to flank Liaoyang con
firms the latter view, as It would ex
pose the attackers to being cut off by
General Kuropatkin's main army from
the north.
TROOPS USE THE BAYONET.
Toward the east the battle wan es-
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 27.— The |
first battle of what may be regarded
c? a general advance of the Japanese
on Liaoy.ing was fougrht on August
TG. with the result that the Russians
mi the close of the fighting Ftill held j
their pepiftons and had inflicted great
less on the Japanese, completely dis
mantling several batteries which at
.tempted to bombard the main posi
• t:o:i at Limdiansia.n. The Russian
•losses altogether were 1450 killed or
"Rounded.
TlicJiottest fighting occurred in the !
vallty of the Lan, a small tributary of
the TaJtse, around Tsegow, a. jilace
-lK:tweeii Anplnc and Liandiansian. i
General Kuroki's first aim apparently ;
A' as to separate the two principal Rus- ;
siun positions, as forecasted in these
dispatches on August -'6.
General Kuroki's army advanced in
three strong columns, one northward
along the valley of the Sindiahia, a
tributary of the Tnitse, as far as Liao
dintan, whence a portion of this force
marched westward to Miao Pass,
threatening ' Anshanshan, the other
portion pushing uj» the stream to*
T:ins;npu. . four miles Bouthwest of
Liandiunslan, where it was stopped by
General Kuropatkin's Cossacks.
The second column marched along
the high road and occupied Erdahe,
¦whence the Japanese batteries shelled
Liundlarisian, a couple of miles south
west, until :he fire of the Russian gfuns
«i!eiiced them. Several Japanese bat
teries were completely dismantled and
were abandoned b<j their gunners.
KLROKI PKOBABLY UEIXFOKCED
TOKIO, Aug. 27.— No tidings of a
definite character from Port Arthur or
Liaoyang have reached the public to
day. It is understood that a lull fol
icJYved* the desperate fighting of the
earlier half of the week at Port Arthur.
The lull was for the purpose of allow
ing the tired men to rest, arranging
certain changes in the plan of attack
and for completing preparations for
pressing the attack home. The Japan
ese guns continue to shell the defenses
of the fortress, but the majority of the
forces are not engaged.
Port Arthur is proving harder to re
duce and capture than the general pub
lic of Japan expected. The public,
which has confidently awaited the fail
of the fortress daily for the past month,
is disappointed at the delay. Much
regret is expressed at the heavy losses,
but the nation is unwavering in its
grim- determination to.- hammer and
harass Port Arthur until- it falls, and
it Is, prepared to pay the. cost, how
ever heavy it may be. \
A cannonade began southeastward at
5:30 o'clock in the morning, and an hour
later a fusillade was maintained along
the whole southeastern front by the
Japanese infantry against the right
flank of the Russian position. This at
tack was repulsed at 7 o'clock. At 11
o'clock a Japanese batrery of twenty
four guns on Tunsinpu Hill was si
lenced and put out of action by the
Russian batteries, and the Russian bat
teries and the Russian covalry dis
persed the Japanese.
At 1 o'clock the Japanese made a hot
attack against Kofyntse, and consider
able Japanese forces were discovered in
the neighborhood of Laodintan.
All the Japanese attacks were re
pulsed and the Russian troops, taking
the offensive, drove the Japanese back
toward the Navikau Valley. The Rus
sian losses thei-e were about S00.
In an eastern direction at dawn the
Japanese took the offensive against the
whole front on the Russian right. The
troops retired from their advanced po
sition, thus hindering the action of the
artillery. The engagement at this point
was serious and became a hand-to
hand conflict. The Russians, according
to this report, lost about 1000 men
killed or wounded.
JAPAXESE GDXS SILEN'CED.
The Japanese force consisted of a di
vision and a half, with artillery. : The
Russian advance guard retired on the
main position. The Japanese attack
there was not obstinate. The Russian
losses on the southern front were 150
men.
The General Stuff has received a dis
patch from General Sakharoff, giving
a lengthy detailed account of the fight
ing of August 20. He says that on that
flay the Japanese took the offensive
along the whole front of the Manchu
rian army. At an early hour the Jap
anese occupied the railway at Henchu
antsa, repulsing the Russian advance
posts. Toward noon the attack in that
quarter ceased. Before dawn the Jap
anese were concentrated against . the
Russian advance detachments ot.the
Anshanshan position. ... ,
"At dawn of August 26 the Japanese
assumed the offensive along the entire
front of our army."
A dispatch from General Kuropatkin
to Emperor Nicholas dated August 26,
and referring to the fighting of-Au
gust 25, says the Japanese took the of
fensive only against the troops on the
Russian left. The strength of the Jap
anese was estimated at two divisions
of infantry, with numerous guns. The
Russian losses in killed or wounded
were about 100. The dispatch con
cludes:
pecially severe. Bayonets were used
and there the Russians lost 1000 men.
The Japanese line on the west is ap
proximately, according to the advices
received here, three and a half miles
from the European, or new town,
where there has been no general con
flagration, although numerous indi
vidual fires have occurred.
When the latest -arrivals left Port
Arthur .. there was little firing. The
strength of the garrison is now esti
mated to be 15, 000. efficient men. I On
August 23 the Russians arrested four
Japanese spies within the fortress and
shot them. No Chinese except out
bound servants are allowed in the
European town, the j Russians being
afraid of spies.-
Since August 21 the Russian ships
have not been firing shells. On 'Au
gust 22 a Japanese shell fell in the
dockyard, causing some damage.
Only the Chinese shops of Port Ar
thur are doing business. The lack of
vegetables is severely felt.
the announcement made in these dis
patches on August IS ¦ to the effect
that the Japanese drove the Russians
from their positions at Louisa Bay and
Pigeon Bay. The Japanese vanguard,
numbering 500 to 600 men, pene
trated into the fort situated on the
highest hill of the Liaoti Mountain,
the southernmost, mountain of the
Kwangtung Peninsula, incidentally
capturing an incompleted battery on
the west shore of the Liaoti Promon
tory, and then retired. The Japanese
fleet, during the attack, made a
demonstration against the main Liaoti
fort.
It is also confirmed that the Jap
anese silenced a small fort near
Golden Hill.
Lull in the Fighting at Port Arthur Means That Japan
ese Commander Is Resting Troops and Rearranging
His Lines for a Renewal of Assault.
Japanese Inflict Heavy Losses in Charges Against Slay
Lines. While Kuropatkin's Artillery Shows Superi
ority in the Firing of the Batteries.
HUNDREDS OF RUSSIANS FALL IN LIAOYANG BATTLE;
INFANTRY IN HAND-TO-HAND FIGHTING WITH BAYONET
his fronts and eventually succeed In
defeating him decisively.
his forces and entrenched them care
fully.
The country is drying up speedily
after the torrential rains and as soon
as it. is possible to resume operations
the Japanese may be counted upon 10
act vigorously and aggressively wher
ever the conditions permit. Confi
dence is felt here that Field Marshal
Marquis Oyama, the Japanese com
mander in chief in the field, with his
splendid united armies, will out-gen
eral General Kuropatkin and force
him to give battle on at least two of
CZAR TO SEXD SECOND ARMY.
Powerful Russlnn Force Will Be Hur
ried to the Front.
BERLIN, Aug. 27. — A dispatch to
the Tageblatt from St. Petersburg: says
the Russian Government is deter
mined to assemble a second great
army in Manchuria, consisting? of
three or four corps, under the com
mand of General Baron Kaulbars or
General Soukhomlinoff. Ita head
quarters will be at Mukden.
- The object of this step is to meet
the situation that will arise, shouli
Port Arthur fall, thus releasing the
besieging army for operations north
ward.
The Tageblatt's correspondentnames
the various commands out of which
the new army will be formed and says
he believes that more rapid trans
portation of troops will be possibl?.
owing to the approaching completion
ct the railroad around Lake Baikal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, AUGUST. 2S, 1901.
22
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
• •.""•' *- '"-'if -¦ "' - \, ~ '
The removal of oiar WhoIesaHe Department to its new
botldsiTig occasions alterations in all departments. To
move quickly an accemuiatson of odd Sots and remnants,
prices have been liberally reduced. * These reductions ar©
very conspicuous in the Drapery Department.
Portieres
ORIENTAL DESIGN (per pair) . . . S8T.00, now $5.00; *10.00, now $7.00
DOUBLE FACED ARMURES (per pair) $5.00, now$3.5O; $ 8.00, now $6.00
Furniture Coverings
SILK DAMASK (per yard).. $2.50, now $1.50; $2.50, now $175
j J3.75, now $2.50; $500, now $3.00
TAPESTRY (per yard) . . ... . ... < 1.50 now $1.00; $2-50, now $1.65
Lace Curtains
MARIE ANTOINETTES . (per pair) .$ 5.00, now $ 4.00; $ 8.00, now $ 6 00
$12.00, now $ 8.00; $13.00, now $ 8.70
¦ $15.00, now $10.00 $16.00, now $10.65
$20.00, now $13.35; $21.00, now $14.00
IRISH POINTS (per pair) . .. ... $ 5.00, now $ 4.00; $ 630, now $ 4.50
300 Sofa Pillows
Covered with Art Burlaps vC^WiS'JS . 50c each
Covered with Silk Damask, Tapestry and Velours . . ." .* .* .* .* .' .'$1.50 up
llAr.;z\2,'B P OST ST., S.T.
' .^^^ W ,^^^^^L S]^L^' ~~ ¦¦¦-¦-¦- r-.- ~> •¦— — .
&•?$;:$£ '^iif^^i^^^Sv^^^^W v n j-mrn ± * * r* a nsr « . *^ M&^J&SS&& /^\ A >>%^^J^^^^M Many of the. cases cured by her
Of^ Ce at > 2I04 Market, Street, IS were previously pronounced in-
' Crowded With Men and Women- ; • J^^^^^^^P^f^^ra 1
} $W m%^^^i 1 WW Who Seek Her Aid — Her Mission Is : : «™ y^^TsTiy *s™l IZ
W& t>o do Good—She Can Aid You, "^^^^^^^d^^^^^^^^^^i cured Othcrs ' Do "' t Iet foo! " '
l^^^^^M^S^liU^Wi Wf PPHMTliPfiQAVP After T h^*n your treatment I felt b> ' meanS . at OnCe ' nj
W OWAIuntU rnUWIIIItonAVt. i ike a ncw being, and to-day I am . "^%|^f r I The accompanying testimonial^
ili&$& I- v<^^^f.:lffe-f)l\ I MADA^f^^SMAR* S^ F • y ° U have donc for me< * dlcerfull y (w S^M' vJ"NC 5S^*^ ' &\ cured and otherwise aided. What
i$3$lm f i M^hifkin// cided to acknowledge openly what "*£ Adeline Street (Ashby^tatSU)! {WjSrl /M^^^^S^ * IMinillVnilD CIITIJDC
$>%// I f*r$9?^H a°o r^me° : to vo r ur n o.nce"for ye ad S Bcrkele y- Cal., for further informa- W"' 1 -^^^^ '¦' K 1*1 U W YUUn rU I UnC,
,-^5/ ¦¦'}. I /) \p''fl / '* pronounced my sickness incurable. MRS. ISABELLE FARRELL. /^^^\^f^,^Jj^^^^^\ business career; to the man
Read Every Line of the Following Letters, as They Will Convince You of SAVED FOUR IN ONE FAMILY lowing are the diseases you have @ . ' J??%$f8f ¦ the lawyer or physician; to the
the Truth of ISMAR'S GREAT POWERS as a Seeress, - ' successfully treated for four mem- N^^-^v 'W^W miner, the prospector or the
Clairvoyant and Healer. Following is a letter recently re-' . bcrs ° f my family> includ5n^ myself: owner of mines; to the woman
• j r -Kt r- nr nr Cancer, Bright's Disease, Heart Dis- . , , . , , , , .
ceived from Mr. G. VV. Watson, a H r 1 t h f ' whose heart has been torn and is
FQRFFfllQ HIS FATE - »«^nt you predicted when he wealthy and influential citizen of liVter^wh^ha^trieYin va^'the best sore; to those afflicted or in
IUIILIULU IIIO I HI Li called on you a month ago. Napa Junction, Cal. Read every line of physicians and various treatments PiUCfJ * IIG) Tfl RIP trouble; to those who doubt or
You told him he could ; avoid of it: for a year, yet she grew steadily 0111-11 Ur IU UlLi . have questions to ask of the un-
Joseph Grace Failed to Heed Ismar's this accident if he would give NAPA JUNCTION, Napa County, worse. As a last resource I applied Restored bTlsmar's Healing known, Ismar's ' great gifts are
Warning and Was Killed. Up h ' S team ' J ut that otherwise they A £ to you for help. Physically and men- * p o y wcr . invaluable
would cause his death. He did not ...... tally she was a wreck and we had The following letter will cause m\aiuaDie.
The case of Joseph Grace reads i iee d your warning, although I plead- !? . ' 4 Markct strcet ' ban little hope of her recovery. She you to marvel, but it is merely an ad- Write her if you can't call.
like fiction, but the following is a ed with him to do so. If he had Francisco, Cal.: wou]d nQt ]asted much longer> ditional proof of the great gift of Three questions answered for Si.
tHsTner f°ro ' W^ ™* d W^t , r^ """ " her Wi pT ™°» 5 ¦ SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 2 A , 1904. Full life reading, %£ Send monev
i..is letter from Joseph Graces wife. now, for the team you spoke of dertakingof healing and treating to your treatment. The doctors had DEAR MADAM ISMAR: . , r ,, -r- p « -v
It will prove that if you know your caused his death. Please publish this. sickness for me is about successfully pronounced her case incurable. , A year ago I had been given up b y VV ells-r-argo, rostomaV,
iuture you may easily avoid accident It might be a warning for othcrs. completed, I want to thank you from She had no faitb in you when I ti^se money order or registered letter,
ar.d possibly cica.h. Take warning Yours in sorrow, -^ the bottom of my heart for all you brought her to : you, until through friend T hea?^ of wonderful \ Rooms 9 and IO, IIO4 Market
from this circumstance and learn MRS. J. H. GRACE, have done for myself and family, and your marvelous power you explained healing powers and concluded as a stfeet San Francisco. Phone
wnat the future has m store for you: 405 Fifth Street, San Francisco. . /'. her troubles to her satisfaction. She last resort to apply to you for help. Offi^o »,««« r^
A»rr=t 21 Torn T^ c^r,i, r«^» , K,, r ;«^ i«» hope you can appreciate my feeling . ,. . . . Thank God I did so, for I a:n now South 1141. Umce hours, IO
August 24. 1904. Joseph brace was buried last . ¦,; - ,. immediately commenced to improve. , a v -ell *ma'i You may publish this \\* 1 »
Dear Icmar: I write you a few Thursday. He would beyond doubt of R ratltude - ,. . .,,, , .- ... under your treatment, and to-day she if you Wish/ for the benefit of those a ' m ' tO 5 P> m ' U eclneSfla >" s ' Io
words to let you know that my hus- have been alive and well to-day had You have done all you claimed to - j s a living evidence of your wonderful ' wno doubt and are in need of your a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, IO a. m.
band, Joseph Grace, was killed on he given proper heed to Ismars do, and each one is well of the four ability to* cure sickness. help - tO I2 m * SCn(1 Stamp f ° r b °° k '
Monday, August j.2, in the very timely warning. cases you undertook a year ago. Fol- G. VV. WATSON. 1 14 Prospect Place, City. let;.The races this morning attracted
few spectators, but in the afternoon
the grand stand was filled and a large
number of automobiles were parked
inside the track. The events were
run off without accident., The day was
pleasantly warm, with a light breeze
blowing. The track was favorable to
fast time.
To-morrow morning, beginning: at
10 o'clock, there .will •. be . four hill
climblngr contests,, Carmel Hill being
the scene of the, tests. In the after
noon the automobilists will go around
the famous seventeen-mile drive in
their cars. This will end; the annual
meet of the club, which has been most
successful and has served to awaken
much enthusiasm in the modern sport'
of motoring. / "" - v ' „
The seventh race was a free-for-all
event, with no restrictions as to cars,
gearing or strippings, five miles. The
contestants were H. D. Ryus in a White
steamer, Selby Hewson in a Franklin
Comet, H. M. Chambers in a Pierce-
Arrow and Bert Dingley in a Pope-To
ledo. In this event Ryus, who had had
trouble with his car all day, got it real
ly going and won, covering the five
miles in 5:37 4-5, his fastest mile being
done in the excellent time of 1:03 3-5.
Bert Dingley was second and Hewson
third.
.The eighth and last event of the day
was a pursuit race, free-for-all, with no
restrictions as to cars, gearing or strip
pings. The contestants were Selby
Hewson in a Franklin Comet, H. D.
Ryus in a White, George P. Fuller in
a Pope-Toledo and Bert Dingley in a
Pope-Toledo. The Franklin Comet was
caught and dropped out, and the same
fate befell the White steamer, leaving
George P. Fuller and Bert Dingley,
both In Pope-Toledos, to fight it out.
The cars were so evenly matched that
more miles than the timers and spec
tators could (or did) count were neces
sary to decide the contest, but George
P. Fuller after a long chase overhauled
and passed his rival, winning first
prize.
Lowe's White touring car for a $o'o tro- I
phy to be provided by the loser was i
won by Walter Grothe; time, 5:52 1-5.
The final heat for the Del Monte cup,
the two preliminary heats having ta- ;
ken place* yesterday between F. J.
Svfentzel and George P. Fuller, both in
Pope-Toledo cars, was won by George
P. Fuller; time, 5:212-5; fastest mile,
1:03 4 : £
The sixth event was a pursuit race,
for road cars costing from 52501 tcl^lOOO,
both inclusive, with no restrictions as
to gearing or stripping. The first prize
was a silver cup presented by R. 1'.
Schwerin, president of the Automobile
Club of California. Bert Dingley in a
Pope-Toledo car and H. M. Chambers
in a Pierce Arrow were the only com
petitors. Bert Dingley caught and
passed his opponent, who had a start
of a nuarter of a mile in three miles,
and won.
1'onntiiin pen points. We sell "Water
man's Idoal" and "The Marshall." the
lx>st $1 pen in the world. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 .Market street. .•
Points to Remember.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27. — Victoria M.
Merrill, wife of Charles B. Merrill, a
partner of Frank Case, the convict,
was granted a divorce to-day by Judge
Melvih on the ground of failure to
provide. C:ise was one of the desperate
men who escaped from Folsom prison
and has never been retaken. Mer
rill and*he robbed a Chinaman here
together and both served sentences
for minor offenses. Merrill is still in
Brhlc of a Few Months Wants Her
Freedom — Convict's Spouse
Secures Divorce.
UNHAPPY WIVES TIRE
OF MISERABLE LIVES
. - D£L MONTE. Aug. 27. — Shortly
after 10: SO o'clock this mornins the
first race of the second day of the
meet of the Automobile Club of Cali
fornia waa called on the Del Monte
track. It was a five-mile event for
gasoline runabouts and light touring
cars costing $1039 or less; road cars,
with no restriction as to gearing or
stripping. The distance originally set
for the event -was three miles, but
ivas lengthened. Six cars took part:
Cadillacs operated by J. Schnerr, C. II.
Lftchcr and Arthur C. Hull, an Olds
mob!!e driyen by V.'. F. Hunt and two
Ford cars operated by O. Hastings and
Lew.yidy. Clarence H. Letcher in a
Cadillac won, Arthur C. Hull in a
Cadillac was second and J. Schnerr In
a Cadillac was third. The winner's
time was 7:39 and his fastest mile
was covered in 1:28 2-3.
The second race was an open event
for touring cars, road cars 'costing
$1551 to $4000, both inclusive, in
touring condition save as to gearing,
carrying the operator and three pas
sengers. Distance ten, miles. Three
Pope-Toledo cars, a Pierce Arrow and
a Thomas Fly^r were entered. The
FIy«?r and E. E. Peabody'a Pope-To
capable of being geared hic^h for rat
ine, withdrew, as did also the Thomas
Flyrr and E. E. Peabody's Pop?-To-
Ifrin iMvlnjT V T? nimn-uVs Pnnp.
Walter Grothe Rather Handily Defeats H. D. Ryus in
Special Challenge Race for Five Miles.
In the second heat the contestants
were Bert Dingley in a Pope-Toledo
car, W. K. Cowan and W. E. Saunders
in Ramblers. W. E. Saunders won in
5:54. His fastest mile was covered in
1:98 4-5. The final heat between George
P. Fuller In a Pope-Toledo and \V. E.
Saunders in a Rambler was won by
George P. Fuller; time, 6:03 4-5.
The fifth event was the race for the
Interclub Challenge trophy, presented
by L. P. Lowe, chairman of the execu
tive committee of the Automobile Club
of California,, for perpetual competi
tion. The Automobile Club of South
ern California named Frank A. Gar
butt, owner and operator of the Stew
art-Garbutt car. as its representative,
and the Automobile Club of California
selected George P. Fuller and his Pope-
Toledo car. A casting in F. A. Gar
butt's car having broken, the southern
club was left without a representative.
The Automobile Club of California will
hold the trophy, subject to challenge
by any regularly organized automobile
club in the State, the competition be
ing a hill-climbing contest, a track
race or any other legitimate test of the
merits of the competitors.
A special challenge race, five miles,
between HI D. Ryus In the "White
Ghost" anfl Walter Grotho, la L, P,
The fourth race wa3 an open event
for road cars of ten to twenty-four
horsepower, both inclusive, with no
restrictions as to gearing or stripping,
five miles. The contestants ih the first
heat were F. J. Swehzal in a Pope-
Toledo, George P. Fuller in a Pope-
Toledo. P. M. Chambers in a Pterce-
Arrovv and H. D. Ryus in a White
steamer. H. D. Ryus drew out short
ly after the start. George P". Fuller
won by more than a mile in 5:26, his
fastest mile being covered in 1:03 2-5.
The Arrow's time by miles was as fol
lows: 1:04 4-5, 1:03 4-5; 1:03 3-5,
1:04 2-5, 1:03 2-5.
An announcement was made that M.
C. Harris' car was not geared for the
race. E. R. Dimond's car won by
about a quarter of a mile in 13:1'4 2-5.
The second five miles were covered In
C:32*A-o. beating: the world's record of
G:4<) for thtil distance for touring
cars tarrying fpur persons.
The races were resumed at. 2:30
p. m.. the firr,! event, the third of the
day. being an open one for road cars
of ten to K!::tocn horsepower, both
inclusive, without restrit tions as to
gearing or BtrippIiTg, lor a copper and
silver cup presented by F. W. Mc-
Noar. An automobile match box giv
en by J. D. Spreckels was the second
JiY/ard. The distanced was five miler.
The contestants in the first heat were
Waller Grotho in a White steamer,
A. C. Hull In a Cadillac and W. E.
Si'.unders in a Rambler. The Ram
bler took first i)laca and the Cadillac
second. Time 0:00 1-5; fastest mile,
1:09 2-5. In the second heat the con
testants wore J. Schrierr In a Cadil
lac, E. S. Logan in a Rambler and \V.
'K. Cowan in a Rambler. E. S. Logan
and W. K. Cowan v.on easily; time
6:312-5: fastest mile, 1:14 1-5. The
final heat was between \V. K. Cowan
in a Rambler and "\V. K. Saunders,
also in a Rambler. \V. E. Saunders
won an exceedingly closa race by less
than a length. Time 6:01.
Toledo, driven by R. G. Fowler,
and M. C. Harris' car, operated
by Pierre Desmet, the French chauf
feur imported hist year by George P.
Whittell Jr. with his Mors racer, to
compete for the silver vase presented
by Thomas Masree Jr. as first prize.
PARTY OF SOCTCTT* FAVORITES ENTERING THBIR OAR AFTER WITNESSING THE AUTOMOBILE RACES AT DiJL. MONTE
TRACK Att)H._D. RYCS IN HIS WHITE STEAMER IN WHICH HE WON THE FREE-FDR-ALL EVENT, COVERING
Resigns as Trustee.
town and, it is said, communicates
OAKLAND, Aug. 27. — County Su
perintendent T. O. Crawford received
the resignation to-day of Dr. A. J.
Dean as trustee of the Haywards
school and a petition from a number
of residents asking that J. B. Russell
be appointed In his stead. There has
been considerable trouble over the
erection of a new schoolhouse, which
has ended in the disruption of the
board. Superintendent Crawford states
he would sooner that Trustees Langan
and Crosby would agree upon some
man that .they can work with and
that he will not make an appointment
to the vacancy until he hears from
them.
with Case, who is said to be safely out
of the country.
Lillie Byers was granted a divorce
to-day from Louis E. Byers, an en
gineer, who went out on thje railroad
strike several years ago and marched
with Kelly to Washington. She says
he has since refused to live with her.
Suit for divorce on the ground of
extreme cruelty was begun to-day by
Anna E. Evans against Albert Evans.
Thyy were married last June, but she
says he has treated her in such an
inhuman manner that she cannot live
with him. She wants $40 a month
alimony and the home at Russell and
Lowell streets.
A writ of habeas corpus was decided
against Gallehere In San Jos? and his
attorney, R. B. Tappan of Alameda.
\yfll now tnke the matter to ths Su
preme Court.
Fred W. Gallehere, a motorman in
the employ of the Oakland Transit
Consolidated.' is the father and says
that • he let his sister take the child
as a baby, jis the mother was dead and
he had no place to keen it. Now, he
says, he is married [again and has a
home, but his sister refuses to jjive
the child up.
OAKLAND, Au^ 27.— A fight to ob
tain possession of three-year-old
Elizabeth Annie Gallehere is to be
taken' before the Supreme Court upon
sin Jip;)eal from a decision given in
Santa Clara County by which Mrs.
Mamie Marshall, an aunt of the child,
was allowed to retain possession of
her.
Fred \V. Gallehcre Would Get His
Baby From His Sister ini
Sun .lose.
FIGHT FOP. CHILD TO
(JO BEFORE HIGHER (COURT
Among the women attracting most
attention on the veranda to-day were
Mrs. Fred McNear, Mrs. M. C. Sloss,
Mrs-TSugene Murphy, the Misses Dern
ham, Mrs. George Newhall, Mrs. Sam
Buckbee, Mrs. S. A. Moss, Mrs. Worth
ington Ames, Mr?. W. T. Sesnon, Mrs.
Clinton Worden, Mrs. James L. Flood,
all of whom are fetehingly gowned day
ard night.
"And among the beaux, coaxed and
coddled, are Count Montague, Billy
Smith, Cyril Tobin, Charlie Dickman,
Will Hastings, Charles Sedgwick Aiken,
Dr. Harry Tevis, Harry Holbrook, Wil
lie O'Connor, with Ed Dimond and
young Fuller far in the lead, owing to
their prowess on ! the track to-day and
yesterday— lucky chaps.
To-night the hotel lobby is thronged,
with the contiguous cul-de-sacs hardly
passable, for never in its whole history
has such a crowd been gathered under
its roof, all of which attests to the suc
cess of the '•gymkhana" and the popu
larity of the dance to-night. Many of
Uncle Samuel's officers, having return
ed from hikes over San Luis Obispo
County, have come over to the dance.
To-morrow the lull races promise
great sport. And that the clergy may
not consider the races a desecration of
the Sabbath, the management has or
dered-all hands to church in the morn
ing.
HOTEL DEL MONTE, Aug. 27.—/
The matutinal carolings of a hundred
auto horns heralded the dayi which
broke warm and red in the East. By
10 o'clock the veranda was gay with
color — white gowns, blue gowns and
nondescript gowns o'er draped with
pale blue veiling. Not to have a pale
blue veil — about three yards of it —
stamped one immediately as belonging
to the "outs." Not quite so many
fat women abroad to-day — rather was
it the thin woman's day to shine, and
not a full-skirted gown to be seen on
their attenuated figures.
BY' SALLY SHARP.
Dance in Evening
Ends the Day's
Festivities, i
E. R. DIMOND ESTABLISHES A'NEW WORLD'S RECORD
FOR TOURING CARS ON THE TRACK AT DEL MONTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904.
23
•^ _____^_________ ADVERTISEMENTS.
*JJ|||l Suits to Order $ 1 0 ho $ 35
A Few Words About* a Guarantiee and
'¦$ !&>£ What it Means in Our Store
.•<.f- ; '• > ":J||tu The word "guarantee" is used and abused
N3I&§ ky almost every store in the land. It is a
j^\V|£ *wt % £ ooc * word, but it means nothing unless it is
Si^^te^S^Bi % backed up. Mere promise is valueless unless
ft I s followed by performance.
'wS^^aS^^^^^^ m our store "guarantee" means just what
¦^^^^^^1^^ Noah Webster defined it to be— the act of
:^^W^^^fl^® ng what you Say y0U W * 11 cl °"
f7 ° r i nstance » * n our tailoring department
we say to a customer : " If this suit does not
S^^^^^^^^\ please you in everyway let us make you an-
\ °th er one. But we will not even -put you to
=^^^^^WH \ s - ier >' ou wou^ rather have your
An y customer of our store is entitled to
0W^^^S free re P airin R» sponging and pressing of his
garments from the day he first puts them on
980 Jiil^ unt^ he Iays them aside after havin S done
Illlf This is our guarantee and we back it up.
Jll||r illP Let us show you the suits we make to
IliliiL • or^ er . f rom $ 10 to $ 35 - You will find a
Mr . pleasing pattern at the price you wish to pay
*Q> sketched from Ke an d incidentally you will save from S> to $10
~ am — on your purchase.
MAILORDERS I €k.M.\A/Of)ll &C(\ [ SPECIAL
Out-of-town Customers \J I », W XJ? \Jr Bwr WO Vr For Monday and Tossday
should write for self-meas- * ~ T * *-^ only -Men's Silk Neckties,
uring blank and samples. 740 Mapkct Street and regular 5Oc quality for 25e
' ¦ Corner Powell and Eddy Sts. - —
1 ., ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMEN, RICH AND POOR,
II RELY UPON PE-RU-NA
It Is Essentially a Successful /iiSS^ j^^^^^^^^^k if*
Invalid Women Apply by
Thousands for Dr. Hart- J M^9 J*^ 1^ Y\ !
man's Free Home Treat- 5^^ V^*"^^^^t>^ PE^vS^3
ment by Letter. 5^^^^^^^^^^(
Women are everywhere talking about < /'' /' "'^^wNl \ k5*7 J I
Peruna. t V\/ / '•'«. h ' '' '*.:'»',• ' - r .\ \s^iY A j
st^e||Mgre|. Can", as toZ^s: "'" IJZSBm KEDDINg! U&'W/ iJSim
"Peruna has made a wonderful change TJ - u -^ J - ur^^ ru --^^^_ n _ rt^^
in my life. It has brought me health and | Mrs ." LIzzla R edd in S . 3134B Clifton Place. St. Louis. Mo, writes: \\
happixess. Sm:s my seventeenth year < * ;!
with female complaint and irregularities !; "/ found, after trying many different medicines to restore me to
my gener-l heaith suffered. / had pains !| health, that Peruna was the only thing which could be depended upon. !
in my back and lower limbs, my eyes were j; / began taking it when / was in a decline, induced by female weakness ;
dim. and I became morose and unreason- j and overwrought nsrsas. I began to feel stronger during tho first \
able. Mother sought the advice of our ;| / took Peruna and my health improv3d daily until I am in perfect ! ;
family physician, who prescribed for me. ;! nsa nh an( J enjoy life as I never did before." !
but i grew no better under his treatment. ;, J MRS. LIZZIE REDDING. '
I ihen read of Peruni and procured a bot-' I ru^ vr^ r^ vrxr^^ r^- l-n^^^ n^^ J^ nj^^
tie. That one bott'e w.is worth more than
cli the doctors' meiicine I had previously ea tarrh to take Peruna. I cannot thank All cases of female diseases. Including
iaken. I fe,t so much bstter and kept on you enough for what you have done for menstrual irregularities, displacements.
. ¦ ' . , . , ;.: , . ¦ me " Mrs B C Applegct. uleemtions. inflammations, discbarges.
taking, t for six weeks ir/it\ marked im- m^l „ ' , £ „„., irritation of the ovaries, tumors and
provim-nt in my health} I cannot express Dr. Hartman s Correspondence. dropsy of the abdomen, should apply at
... , n . , vif-w of the creat multitude of wo- once and become registered as regular
my gratitude. Peruna has be™ a great me^ n Vf^m soin™form of femlle patients. All correspondence will be held
blessing to me."— Miss Nellie South. disease and yet unable to find any cure, strictly confidential.
Dr. Hartman. the renowned gynecolo- No one knows better than Dr. Hart-
Pe-TU-na Cures Catirrh Of th3 gist, has announced his willingness to man how much the women suffer with
R i nVn » | direct the treatment of as many cases as diseases peculiar to their sex. No one
Bia-cer. make application to him -luring the knows better than he does how many of
Mrs. B. C. Applegct, Royal Center, summer months without charge. them suffer with such diseases. Patient-
Ind writes: The treatment will be conducted by 1>\ hopefully, wearily, and often silently.
•Last, winter I was troubled with ca- correspondence. The doctor will pre- they eke out a miserable existence, year
tarrh of the bladder. 1 tried several dif- scribe all medicines, applications, hy- after year.
ferent remedies, and also went to a phy- gienic and dietary regulations necessary We have on file many thonsand testi-
sician, who said I would have t© go to complete a cure. The medicines pre- monials like the ones given above. We
through an operation. But I objected to j scribed can be obtained at all drug stores, can only give our readers a slight
that, so my husband got me a bottle of This offer will hold good only during the glimpse of the vast array of unsolicited
Peruna to try. It did me so much good summer months. Any woman can be- indorsements we are receiving every
that I cot two more, and by the time I come a regular patient by sending a month. No other physician in the world
had taken three bottles 1 was well. I written statement of her age, •condition has received such a volume of enthusias-
think Pi?ru:?a is a fine medicine and of life, history and symptoms of her de- tic and grateful letters of thanks as Dr.
would advise all people suffering with rangements. Hartman for Peruna.
....The INCOMPARABLE.... 1
4
White Steassi Tourms Car 1
p Makes More Records at» De! Monte |
U- On Friday this remarkable car, driven by H. D. Ryus. won the third race at M
[ j T>el Monte, the open «vent for road cars costing fro:n two to four thousand •lolla.r*. . (M
fa .iefejitinc four 4-cylinder gasoline cars, etch costing practically twice its price an.i Rj
l3 ' claiming double Its horsepower. " i|
•| 5 miles in 5:25. w -j 1
h Best Mile in 1:04— a Nevy Coast Rscord. £
|J THIS WAS THE GREAT SCRATCH RACE OF THE DAY. \
ji On E*tnr<Iay the White car driven by Ryus again won the event of the day. j
"H the flve miles £re»-for-all race for the big Hammersmith & Field trophy. The best •
H mile made waa 1:03 2-5, which came wltnln Z-'JO of a i«ccnd of winning the trophy }
R tor the best tlsitt made at tho meet. • jj
Ui Five White car* made the entire Endurance Run from New York to PltU- 5
n burg JUBt completed. No other one make of car made It with moro than one ma- £
B chine. Five more White cars joined the White squadron at Cleveland and all ten S;
l5 finished at St. Louis. The White car also made the best thowins in the arduous *
B run-ln-the-rain Endurance Contest last year from "New York to PiUsburg. J
I i • The White !• the best-value for the money on the market, and It is the most 6
' I prominent car wherever you may go. " :
I The 1905 White
n 15 Horsepower, Pries F. O. B. Factor/ $2500.
I Price for canopy top and other extras will b* quoted upon application.
' Larpe. roomy tonneau, two styles, plain and Kinr of the Belgians type, luzu-
! rlouF.Jy upholster<«J and appointed. A- hil!-cllmbin?r gear enables increased torque
'] ri r axle and speed for Ions, heavy grades. Hand water pumping eliminated. Wheel
> b8!i». 92 inches: tread. 56 Inches; front eprir.gs, 40 inches; rear springs, 4i Inches;
* wheels, artillery; fuel, gasoline. Tank capacity: fuel. 15 gallons; water 15 g*l-
! lone: on one filling of tanks. 150. Weight. 2000 pounds.
No noise, no vibration. Ideal simplicity, less machinery, lees repairs, greatest
comfort, beet satisfaction; regardless of price the best Automobile. We will ap-
, j pr«c3ate an opportunity to explain In detail and prove our claims. 1905 printed
g -matter now ready. Deliveries can be made' in September upon immediate orders.
I WRITE OR CALL UPON
WHITE SEWING MACHINE GO.
Pacific Coast Offices, 300 Post St.
. WHITE 61RAGE, iho Best Equipped on iho Coast, Market and Franklin Sis., S. F.PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 27.— The Pa
cific Coast Construction Company of
Portland has been awarded -the con
tract for building the Condon-Arling
ton branch of the Oregon /Railway and
Navigation Company, which is to tap
Gilliam County, Or. The road to be
constructed will be fortyisix miles in
length.
Railroad Line to Be Extended.
DENVER, Aug. 27.— Miss Mercedes
Marohl, a graduate nurse, 18 years
of age, is now numbered among the
probable victims of., the Eden wreck
of August 7. ' She is a daughter of
Mrs. Caroline Marohl of Patoka, 111.,
.who has asked the Denver police de
partment to aid in locating the miss
ing 5'oung woman. Miss Marohl left
the home ota friend, Mrs. J. M. Dur
bin, in this city at 4 p. m., August 7.
to take a train and has not since been
seen or heard from by her friends.
The train that was wrecked left Den
ver at. 5 p. m.
Leaves Friends on Day of Etlen Disas
ter and Has Not Keen Heard
of Since.
TRAINED NURSE' SUPPOSED
TO BE VICTIM OP WRECK
CHICAGO, Aug. 27. — Paul Palmer
Knapp, son of the Rev. and Mrs. H. W.
Knapp of Oak Park, has paid with his
life his devotion to his musical
career. Young Knapp, who was a
cellist of marked ability, was an un
tiring student, and the constant pres
sure of the instrument on his leg led
to osteo-sarcoma. A change of climate
proved unavailins and It was found
necessary to resort to amputation.
Death followed from shock.
Dies From Operation to Relieve
Growth on Les Due to Pressure
of Cello.
LOV.E FOR MUSIC CAUSES
DEATH OF YOUNG MAN
It is the contention of the plaintiff
that if the defendants are allowed to
do these things that a large amount of
water would never get back into the
stream. /
The city is fighting to prevent the
use of waters of the river for large
irrigating enterprises. The complaint
sets forth that the defendants claim
adversely to the piaintiff an Interest in
the paramount right to the waters of
the 'river and that the defendants
threaten during the irrigating season,
from May 1 to November 1 of each
year, and at other times* they desire,
to divert the .water by means of pumps
and wells.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 27.— City At
torney Mathews yesterday filed the
complaint in the Injunction suit the
city Is bringing against the ranchers
c£. the San Fernando Valley to pro
hibit them from using the water flow
ing in underground streams or in any
manner percolating from the Los An
geles River. The suit is one of the
biggest ever filed here. It affects more
than 25,000 acres of land in the valley
and sixty pumping plants are involved.
The names of 164 defendants are
given in the complaint.
The suit does not attempt to pro
hibit residents of the valley from using
whatever water they may require for
domestic purposes or for the watering
of livestock. These privileges are con
ceded.
Suit Is ••. Brought to Prevent Them
Using Water of Los Angeles River
• - . . . for Irrigation Purposes. ¦
SAN FERNANDO VALLEY
RANCHERS ARE ENJOINED
With" five other men Mobley was go
ing on shift, when his bucket was
heard to fall and those closest to him
felt him sink down. In a moment hia
body was striking against the wall
plates and before anything could be
done to get him out of the perilous
position his body shot down the shaft,
a distance of 2000 feet. It is supposed
that Mobley fainted. He was 21 years
of* age.
STOCKTON', Aug. 27. — William
Mobley, formerly of this city and a
yon of Rev. D. A. Mobley, pastor of
the .Presbyterian church at Fowler,
met death in the Gwin mine at Co
loma, above Angels Camp, at 6:30
o'clock this morning.
William Mobley Faints and Falls Out
of Cage While Descending to
the Lower Levels.
SAX .JOAQUIX MAN MEETS
DEATH IN THE GW1N MINE
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 27.— After
withstanding a steady courtship of fif
teen years. Miss Rosa Wickerstrom of
Denver, Colo!, a niece of Senator Ta
bor, came to Portland this week to
marry W. C. Cutler of Baker City.
Cutler had been waiting here two
weeks for the arrival of the lady. He
had favored an intimate friend with a
"tip" concerning his expected happi
ness and partial arrangements were
made for the wedding to occur at the
home of this* friend. But when the
bride-to-be arrived Cutler's courage
proved unequal to a meeting with the
few invited guests and the couple
boarded an electric car Tuesday after
noon and went to Vancouver, where
they were married.
Miss Rosa "Wickerstrom of Denver 1
comes the Bride of W. C. Cutler
of Baker City.
NJECE OF SENATOR TABOR
; MARRIES AN OREGON MA
Brewer is still at Fernhill, whll
Adams Is dying at the hospital here.
wounded, his abdomen filled wit
fchot.
The two couples epent yesterday ii
Astoria and on the way home the tw<
men became Involved in a controversy
Brewer- is alleged to have made th<
assertion that when he arrived horrtt
he intended to secure his gun and kll
the first man he saw. This ' Adams
evidently regarded as a threat, as h<
did not go Into the house, but re
mained in. the brush.
Brewer appeared at the door of th«
house with a shotgun and Adams at
once opened fire, the first bullet strik
ing Brewer in the groin. "Brewer tried
to shoot, but the cartridge failed tc
discharge. Then Adams fired again,
the bullet striking Brewer in the knee
After snapping the other shell Brewer
reloaded his gun and 'fired into the
brush. Adams rolled over, fatally
ASTORJA, Aug. 27. — A duej to th
death was fought last night In th<j> lit
tie town of Fernhill, a few miles eas
of this city, between John Adams o
Knappa and James D. Brewer. Mr
and Mrs. Adams had been vlsitinj
v.-ith Mr. and Mrs. Brewer.
The iron and steel situation contin
ues unsettled and further cuts in
prices have been reported. That these
reductions have brought much addi
tional business is a matter of dispute,
though several large orders for rails
and other materials have recently
been placed. -
The stock market has been Irregu
lar, but it cannot be denied that spec
ulation has been characterized bv a
strong undertone. In the latter part
of the week some substantial buying
of the Harriman* shares, the Gould
stocks and the grangers imparted a
decidedly strong tone to the list and
there is a feeling that the early re
turn of certain powerful railroad and
financial magnates from abroad will
be followed by important develop
ments and a broader and more active
market. The Investment demand for
gooti securities has practically cleaned
the market of high grade bonds, and
bankers now look for investors to
give their attention to the better class
of railroad stocks.
The labor situation la complicated
by strikes and lockouts, but th^se
have received little attention from the
market. The political situation is not
a marked factor and is practically ig
nored. The war in the Orient at
tracts only passing attention and has
had little influence on price move
ments. The technical position of the
market appears to be the dominant
influence, and a scarcity of stocks is
shown by the fact that bear attacks
and bad news ha,ve failed to dislodge
holdings or to force any liquidation.
It is an admitted fact, however, that
the public is not in the market, nor is
there any indication that it Is likely
soon to become interested. ;;-,
Attempts to create a corn crop scare
met with some success, but reliable ad
vices do not indicate' any serious in
jury. The safety of this crop is very
important, not only from the market
standpoint, but because a large crop of
corn is counted on to offset any damage
in wheat and provide the railroads
with a large tonnage. In reviewing the
crop conditions the conclusion is
reached that the' total harvest will be
larger than that of last year, while
higher prices will naturally give the
farmer larger returns and increase the
buying powers of the Southwest.
The monotony of the money market
this week was broken by the initial
movement of currency to Western and
Southern points, also to Canada. Cu
ban exports also continued. The
movement of money from this center
is now on and the loss to the banks
will be reflected in declining reserves,
but the large holdings of tne associat
ed banks make any marked advance
in money rates extremely improbable.
The funds now to be drawn will be
employed in the crop sections and will
doubtless stimulate commercial activ
ity.
CUTS IN STEEL PRICES.
Perhaps, the most conspicuous feature
of the week has been the absolute in
difference of the market to. develop
ments, which ordinarily depresses the
list. This disregard of unfavorable
factors? is supposed to have reflected
confidence on the part of the banking
interests of the country. In some quar
ters market conditions are* attributed
largely to manipulation.
The croD condition was and is the
chief point of interest, but develop
ments have^been so conflicting that a
definite opinion as to the reported dam
age must be reserved until the publica
tion of the Government report. Dam
age reports relating to spring wheat
have been less sensational, and reliable
authorities practically agree upon a
total whfeat crop of 505,000,000 bushels,
but this will not leave any material
surplus- "Wheat prices toward the end
of the week made marked recessions
from those of last Monday, and it is
expected that the Government report,
due September 5. will show that the
damage has been greatly overestimated.
NEW YORK, Aus. 27.— There is lit
tle to be said for to-day's stock market.
Buying during the greater part of the
brief session was very dull and narrow
and the was rather irregular. Lon T
don sent lower prices, and renewed ac
tivity in the commodity markets prob
ably accounted for the attitude of the
trading element. A private estimate
that the wheat crop is likely to fall be
low 250,000,000 bushels, or less than that
of 1901 and very much below that of
last year, commanded serious attention
in many quarters. The monotony of the
day was enlivened by gossip that the
Union Pacific "and the Missouri Pacific
were to. engage in rate cutting for steel
products, also of a reported fight be
tween the United States Steel Corpora
tion and the Colorado Fuel and Iron
Company. There were fractional de
clines at the opening in Union Pacific
and Atchison. The leak in Canadian
Pacific was natural in view of the
stock increase. The list steadied some
what after the early reaction. The
publication of the bank statement,
showing a much smaller loss of cash
than had been anticipated, was of sen
timental value, even though the state
ment was based upon the so-called sys
tem of declining averages. Trading be
came rather animated in the final deal
ings, with practically all the active list
sharing in the upward movement. The
market closed firm, with" prices in some
instances better than the previous?
day's close. Another telegraphic trans
fer of $500,000 to Chicago was riiade by
the sub-treasury. Total sales of bonds,
par value, $1,270,000.
BROKERS INDIFFERENT.
Bullets Fly Thick and Fas
in Fight Between Host an'
His Guest uTOregon Towi
Indifference of Brokers Re
flects Confidence of Bank
ing Interests of Country
FACTORS DISREGARDED
BOTH MEN AEE^VOUNDE
Monotony Enlivened by Gos
sip Anent Tight Between
Eival Steel Corporations
Exchange of Shots Follow:
a Heated Argument * ii
Which Threat Is Mad
MARKET'S TONE
IS IRREGULAR
DISPUTE LEADS
TO FATAL DUEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CXLL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904.
24
I Spend Your Vacation
<»>• $20 at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs " n Lu i 5 ,, 01 ""' |
The most Ideal re*ort for pleasure ani
n»alth on the Pacine Coast. Boy round
«*lj> ticket from Ban Francisco to San j
Luiu Hot Sulphur Spring*. J?aa Luis
Obl*po. Cal.. and return. Including stage
to snd from springs and one week's
Nsard for $20.00 to 82Z.OO. according
to location 'it rooms, or hoard and accom-
modations ?!MH» to 912.U4I per week.
Kcenic rurroundlngs. free bathlnc.
* "Hltr.tr and fishing on grounds. Fin*
j »ria<Jr walk*, tennis and croquet grounds.
| dance pavilion for quests. Fine sea I
¦ beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs *
Celts s»» and furniture aie all cew. Os»'
throuKhcut buildings snd grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
rr.arket affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obixpo at 3:15 p. m.
1 «v*ry <!sy (except Sunday).
I This Is co bospltal or sanatorium.
I
For health and pleasure; cure your rheum-
atism, malaria, iiver. kidney, with the natural
hot batbs »r.d wonderful stomach waters at
SEIGLER SPRINGS
Arsenic beauty baths.. mineral swlmmins
lM.no; orchestra: climate r^rfect; 30 gUMts
t«let|.inj? out among the pine*; reduced rates-
booklets at PECK'S. S. P. Co.. 61.1 Market st .'
or H. H. MoGOWAN. Seigler. Lake County.
I CI ii- PO^ T AKD BARTLETT SPRINGS
I-feTAGK LINE— Hooland to Bartlett Spring*:
' '\ L £ k «P° rt . carrying pa»sengers for Lakeport
snd Bartlett Springs. Stages connect wlta
trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:4v
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30: arrive at Banlett
Springs at 7:30. New e-horse U-passenge/
tourist wagons, with all the most modern Im-
crovemenu. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
Int s-prlngs. call for tickets by Bartlett SPriaj»
6t *f* . L1n * # T1 « k «» tan be purchased at ofOe«
ef California N. W. Ry.. «60 Market st^ or
at Tiburon ftrry. ¦
MILLER sc HOWARD. Props.
MARK WEST SPRINGS.
H. KOENER. Prop. MRS. J. D. DROST
and MRS. H. KOENER will manage springs;
many Improvements: new cement bathhouse,
* nd i- cm Jk.5 n over pUce : * 2 d*y: «"? and fia
5"^- i£ fnce £ 833 L* 1 -"* •»•. cor! Geary or
Mark west Springs, ganta Rosa. Rural No. S.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving 8. F
at 8 :6S p. m. Returning, connects at Trackes
with train reaching S. F\ at 7:60 a. m.
SUBICOH paEK-a dellEhtfal retort
on chores of Lak s Ta hoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on th. lake. Flw o/toMninSS
hunting in season. Boats, fishing tackle and
from $10 1 to $x« per week. P. O. end telephone,
A, L.. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoi, Cal
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P. SNELL, MANAGER.
lADD'S GUN STOKE.
431 KEAKNY ST.
Dealers In Firearms,, Fishing Tackle and
Sporting Goods of All Descriptions.
Cam? Outfits of Tents, Bags, Stoves, Leg-
e\nzf. Boots and Sho»a. Send 3c postage for
10O~i>ag* catalogue.
" OWN In mountains CAMP
ST7MMJGB EOMI! of Sonoma Co. MEEKEIt
Purr water, equable' climate, lots ttelltnc: jlu
up; rottaefs built by Meeker. (50 up; depot;
rtor'*; restaurant: hotel; post and expre»s:
telephone; sawmill; 000 lots sold; 300 cottages
bulii. Sausatlto ferry. N. S. R. K. M. C.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
THE TAIZ.AC, LAKE TAHOE. "«Ti.
BOTH PLANS— AMERICAN and EURO-
PEAN. Rates:- AMERICAN— $3 per day and
upward. $17 SO per week and upward. EURO-
PEAN — Rooms. $1 per day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations, livery and boat-
ing superior to any resort on the lake.
HOWELL MT., WOODWORK'S fi^:
No fog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tonic and lnvlgorator. Residence 29 years. $7
per week. Woodworth & Muller. St.Helena.Cal.
ALL ABOARD FOB MOWTEBIO
PABK— Overlooking Russian River; a 4-
r. cottage to let, furnished complete; plenty of
; huckleberries and wood on lot. Apply 889 Capp.
KOBTH SOOKB HOTEL — On Tomales
j Bay. Good table and accommodations Houaa
gas-lighted. Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
BHIELJ>B. Marahalla. Marln County. CaL
CCHAErER'S OB0VE- ROSS 7ALLET.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. • Tcaai
meets Sunday morning trains. ' Address UHa.
MATT LINDSAY. Ross fiUtlon.
ORCHARD HOME— Health, rest, comfort,
pleasure: boating; bathing; \ fresh milk. eggs.
fruit: $7 to S10 week. J. F. ORR. Duncans
Mills, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
¦ Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI,'
potuee paid, ¦• :
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does net c-uarante* c« rnr»
ell the !'.!» that humanity Ik heir to. bat
thoucacas of people have been benefited
*">• tn« use cf Bartlett W*at«r and many
cur»d.
Jf you would Improve your health and
tia»e a grand good time, come to Bartlett
Springe, where there ts a resident phy-
flrlan. a rr.anarer of amusements and corr-
:-<*Ter.t masteura.
Heuvekt-eplng cottaee«. (3 00 to 18 00 per
w*«k.
Send for a bookie: that will tell 700 all
• boot FSartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
(-printer Cat., cr call at - Sutter St.. San
Fraactaco.
LAKE COUNTY
New. coraforrable carriage* direct to th<»
t'ti picturesque portion of California. Beet
*f.<..i;<*<l ?•age line in the State. Leaves Cal's-
toica dally (Siir.days excepteU) at 11:30 a. m.
<ir»ct to Harblo. fcrigUr. Adams. Howard An-
t*ncn. Hoberr*. Eplers. .Vstorg« «.nd 'gi»b-
»rock; ha!f bcur for lunch at Callstoca; also u»
Viddletewo. Lo«er Lake. Kelseynlle *j»j
l^ktpcn. U»ery !n conrectlnn
WM. SPIERS. ' Proprietor.
i CAMP CURRY ;
• 4
« O»t cirru|j<r« «• «1l rxllrond ->*"••«. ,
? AdY*rt!*trd by 4CX) guests. i
I YOSEMITE
Hotel EL GARMELO
ractne Cro\-». California. "The Littl* D»!
Monle." At th» seaside with home comforts
Tbe tHacs to spend your vacation with your
la truly. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board (2 SO a day upward, cheaper thaa
ftaylug home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address CEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
•eawtck. Elsklyota County, California.
Writ* to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
LA HONDA AND PESCADORO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. is. train. 3d and Townsend. and 9:20 a. nx.
train from Ean Jose connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Bed wood City."
OaL
iiaiwvi* Ucn!(> Park, one hour from
U II I ill C citr ' Nln- tr«J« diUr- ***r-
H 1 1 1 I 1 A fcct «lim»t«i tMautlfol place;
II VI I I W comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
AadreoaW.J.MEREDITB. Mjt.. Holtfs School.
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 6. KATSGHINSKI [
Philadelphia Shoe Co. ;
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
- * Ad Jolninsr Call BuOdlaff. \
I EASTERN STYLES FACTORY PRICES
|| Mr. Katsehinski. proprietor of
i H the Philadelphia Shoe Company.
II has just returned from a two
I months' visit to the largo Eastern
II cities. During hjs tour of the
1 1 N>w York and Boston shoe fac-
I H tories he bought the newestl and
I H oe»t Shoes to be had. He secured
fl many barpalns and snaps, which
(I we will place on special sale at
|i prices lower than we have ever be-
1 fore quoted. Sive money and trade
; II with us. Got the benefit r»f hia
. fl shrewd buying. Special 1^,1-r
j this week: Ladies' Fatent Leather
, M Oxford Ties, made with high clr-
1 cular ramps and full quarters.
r H hand-turned soles, new plain coin
Ii toes and dressy Cuban heels. Very
I attractivo. Sizes 2^ to 7*4. BE-
|| DUCED raOM $2.00 TO
J • -j- • • • • ¦ •_• ¦¦ ¦¦ A PAIK *1.35
1 1 &¦ >v " : "¦ * j^****"^ II
I PATENT KID BUTTON [l
This season's latest novelty at B
a bargain price: Ladles' Patent O
Leather Kid Button Shoes, mad* 8
with dull finished mat kid tops. 5
flexible sewed soles, dressy coin E
toes and tips, full straight fox- l
ings and high Spanish heels. A K
beauty for dress occasions. Regu- u
l.ir valu« (3.00. OUR SALE a
pbice jRi.on |
Sizes 2Ti to 7«a- Widths B to E. |
I BABIES' BARGAINS \
We will close out this season's H
stock of Children's Tan Shoes to 0
make room for new fall goods. On Eg
sale at one-third their regular 1.1
value. Childrcn"s Chocolate Kid S
I^ace and Button Shoes, made with l|
cloth or kid tops, circular vamps Q
and heel foxinga. hand-turned ?
soles, neat coin toes and tips and W
spring heels. The best stock f
made for dress and wear. Sizes 4 t|
to 8. Widths A to E. WHILE S
THETLASI A PAIR 65C fl
I STRAIGHT FCXED VAMPS i
Don't miss this bargain for
Misses and Children: Vici KM
Lac* Shoes, made with dull mat
kid tops, full coin toes and patent
leather tips, neat extension sewed
«ol«»s and straight foxed vamps.
Extremely neat for dress and very
serviceable. Widths C to E. Reg-
ular ralna $2.00.
REDUCED FSICE3 THIS WEEK: fl
Child's sizes, spring heels. % 85c pi
Child's sizes, spring heels. H
8Vi to 11 f)3e n
Misses' sizes. new low N
school heels, II '- to 2...$1.2O 0
B S2Sm> FOS ILLTJSTaATED fl
r| CATALOGUE. ,-j
B. XATSGHINSKI
j 10 TH13D ST.. San rrancisco. K
g^^\A/EAK 7V\EN
S^^ar^ DR - HALL'd REINVlGORATOa
»*-* stops a.U losses and unnatural d:»-
g D charges In 24 hours. You fae! »a
4^*1 rag improvement from th« first dos».
Ijiirl iiitll "• h aV9 so njuch conSdenc* In our
VHa P^l treatment that we offer five- Hun-
I JSm dred reward (or any casa wa can-
•¦si^BsaBMBH nc t cure. Thla secret remedy cure*
lost power, nightly emissions, wasted organs,
varlcocele. sleet, strictures, kidneys, ratline
memory, drain* In the urine, gonorrhea, dii-
fcu* of th* postate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of self-abuse, or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cur*»
the worst cases la old or young of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of th« discharge, and
wanting to do, and you can't. Sent sealed. S3
per bottle: three bottles. $5. Guaranteed
cure any case.
Call or sddress orders EALX/3 MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 853 Broadway. Oakland OL
Also for sal* at 1073ft Market st.. a. 1*. Stni
for free book.
0: ADVEn'nsEAiErjrTs. JL^^^^j _L~~~~>
9" i . «» » vft g B i and solid brass rail at I thi». Solid golden oak: , 1JW >i, C*l A Tr ' : - v ~ H fcr" * • : S ILL ihlS \
a \\--v "i i? »-«- head ana foot. «A JtC I bracket shelves CiO (](] eeK ••3|'4./O 1 M » wKto35 ///*
I *AV1> \| This week and mirror.... *1O.UU yi-r.« >» u j W|P^lP /jf/ff 5
I I % Isi^HS $2.75 Wire Fabric Cot fi?jg 830 3-PieceParlorSet g 1^ '^gC^E IT^H
f ! V g ' poiish«a— a itand- your overcrowded house during the- strongly upholstered and covered in gc.!d en p <> I i ¦ h| 'fi If i
! &\ jg £L w^indoc" Kni ? hts ' convention. This tj CC elegant silk damasks- This COQ QQ «i« a ViTnc v8U
!j?!fiS&£^ii3f!s»' *rtUU«t OJC week v " wu week v front >piO.fJ ll *«^
- —^i .!¦ $3.00 COBBLEH 1
""JzSrM SI2 Kidderminster Art Squares fe ii n S22.50 Tapestry Brussels Rugs R^vi suT'^Sl
ngVmst the a" the varied reversible designs P7 7C many beautiful colors; Rugs that will 5P 8 K h " r I
£*»>' m i*£2 and coloring at a price unheard <A f | f |J JjfW their form; Rugs that will wear -g.
fram^ . .«PJ«7J o t before This week ~ like time. These Rugs, this week. ... room chair. .**•« J
$2.00 Cushion Scores of Rugs on Sale. Reduced This Week. $30,00 iragsrial Cast
CcvBrs i II ii, I i.ii.i ._ ,— .in iiu.unMiiiiiijiiji.il— ¦ inii R3i?p
DR. PIEKCE'S REMEDIES.
Are the bad boys very often. The boy
that's good for anything is generally
pugnacious. He's a healthy animal,
and the healthy animal will always fight
for lib rights.
When a boy shuns the roagh sports of
his companions he is ' v
apt to be a weakling, | ro_— t \
and to be conscious
mothers lnve testi-
tied to the wonderful £ fXSlg t-^jM)
airing and strength- "\j fcfia GPpj
ening power of Dr. I j T yK^pV/'
Pierce's Golden Med- \\« | A2X^vv '
ical Discovery. All /jjgsptt AP"''-^ 1
strength corncs from |*i5^a7"V* ii •*•.'¦
food after it has been R&gwT} *\f '•;. : ;
perfectly digested |5«aM'-'*.'#L'' # :
and assimilated. By p.* .
curing diseases of the s§@| V^T yf.: j
stomach and other vra i
organs of digestion ffi« BetKei
and nutrition, " Gold- K|H
en Medical Discov- Jm K^
ery " enables the per- (f|g fil^
feet nourishment of «1
the body, which is Oa
thus built up in the
only way a body can *— ¦^— — 3BEJ
be Suilt np — by food.
There is no alcohol in "Discovery,"
and it entirely free from opium, cocaine,
and all other narcotics.
"Dr. Pierce's medicine has done wonders for
' my two sons," writes Mrs. M. Hartrick. of Dcn-
«ter, Oswego Co.. N. Y. "Both bad scrofula.
My eldest son was taken two or three years ago
with hemorrhage from the limes. It troubled
him for over ft year. He took Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery and has not had one in over
a year. My younger son had scrofulous sores on
his n set; had two lanced, but has not hud any
since he commenced to take your medicine."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper cover, sent free on re-
ceipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay ex-
pense of mailing only. For cloth bind-
ing send 31 stamps. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
_____ A D V KKTISEaiKNTS.
"I had trouble with my bowels which made my
olopo. Impure. My face was covered with pimples
which no exterDM remedy could remove 1 tried
your Casrarets and great was my joy when the
pimples dinappeared after a month's steady use.
1 hare recommended them to all my friends and
quite a few hare found relief-"
C. J. Pusch. 967 Park Are.. New York City. N. t.
Km Jftjr Thf* FSfi\A/P'l*'a a.
,- 4 CANDY CATJURT1C •. \. .^^^
Pleasant, PalkVable. Potent, Taste Good. Do Good.
Sever Sicksn, Weaken or Gripe. 10c. 23c. 60e. Never
sold In bulk. The eenuine tablet stamped COO.
Uuaranteed to cure or your money back
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 6oo
ANNUAL SALE, JEN MILLION BOXES<*»*Uars Are Flooded. Buildings Dam-
V :i£Cd and Bridges Washed Away.
> UEDLAXDS, Aug. 27. — This city
ivas visited y a severe rainstorm- this
rnoon and jeople living along the
were in the greatest danger.
r 3h< cellars of houses were flooded
: till From the barns were washed bug
f, :.^-. wagons and hay. Fences went
• . :¦ v.ith the flood and considerable
, .:;;:•;.' was drowned.
•T. I". Jor.es, living on the zanja, was
r{ his home when he noticed the creek
L^jgriuniryj to rise very fast. When it
. «.:;.:i2ern_-ed to run out of its banks h&
ti"!d his wife that he would go to the
Lara and get his houses on high
ground. A few minutes later a body of
water struck the house and before
Mrs. Jones and her son could escape
from the building it was swept from
i:? foundation and landed against a
tree some - thirty yards down the
stream. One portion of the house was
washed on down the stream, but for
tunately Mrs. Jones and her child
were able to make their escape.
Three were uprooted and thrown
n< ross the road and bridges were bad
ly damaged.
» ? ¦
It is p-~»ss!ble to strik? « happy medi
um without committing an assault
on a Jovial clairvoyant.
• STORM STRIKES REDLANDS.
All available prison guards, with
the assistance of the Marin County
officers, made a careful search of the
surrounding country last' night and
the Fan Francisco police kept a watch
on the ferry-boats, but the escapes
successfully evaded capture.
Warden Tompkins received infor
mation this morning that two suspi
cious characters were seen loitering
in the vicinity of Mill Valley, but the
descriptions of the suspects did not
tally with those of Kelly or Montague.
James Phillips, who escaped from
San Quentin last April while herding
f-attle near the hog ranch, managed to
evade liis pursuers for two weeks, but
was finally captured at Geyserville.
Warden Tompkins says Montague
is a hard charncter and will probably
put up a fight before being captured.
Some of the guards think the crim
inals escaped in a rowboat, as the
ranch Is close to the water.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 27. — Dan Kel
ly and F. W. Montague, who escaped
from San Quentin prison yesterday
afternoon, have not yet been appre
hended. Montague was last ne-?n at
the hog ranch a quarter of a mile
from the prison, and Kelly was last
i:een near the prison. The men were
always together and the supposition ;s
that Montague concealed Kelly in hi3
garbage cart and that both escaped
together.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DESPERATE CONVICTS WHO ES
CAPED FROM SAN QUENTIN
PRISON* ON FRIDAT.
To «put in all the names of those
writing "sublime," "fine," "excellent"
and so forth after their names would
take several columns. Some are used
merely to extend the range of locality.
It will be observed from the expres
sions used that some among the low
ly were inspired to express their ad
miration of San Francisco. Who these
were It will be left for the reader to
determine. At any rate they all had
enough money to travel quite a dis
tance to St. Louis. Where Red Wing
is unfortunately Is not stated by the
citizen from that place, but It will fit
in any locality not covered.
T. C. Hartman of Tacoma cannot
forget the changing of the name of
Mount Tacoma to Mount Rainier. He
looked at the art display and the
pictures of big buildings and shipping
and then wrote after his name on the
register, "Where la Seattle?" After
this the Tacomalte's enjoyment of the
fair was probably 100 per cent greater.
The signature "J. Menderaon and
family, Cincinnati," is followed by the
statement. "Will be there In July,"
which Is an Illustration of how the
exhibit Impresses the people.
The visitors to the San Francisco
building are largely of the wealthy
class, and the entire State of Cali
fornia }s benefited through their being
attracted to the place. They do not
ask about San Francisco only, but
many Inquire about fruit, olive and
wine culture In the State, and are
given Information concerning -lands
and products of California, The San
Francisco building will be responsible
for many land buyers going to Cali
fornia. It Is one place where every
section of the State from end to end
is represented.
People from every part of the globe
have written something about the San
Francisco exhibit. Many content
themselves with one adjective, and
such words as "Good," "Unexcelled,"
"Lovely," "Fine," "Delightful," "Won
derful," "Sublime" and "Splendid" ap
pear in the remarks column with great
frequency. Some of the interesting
marginal notes are as follows:
"Most instructive," Hector von Aug
tenberg, Colombo, Ceylon; '.'splendid,"
Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Goodrich, Grand
Rapids, Mich.; "Viva! San Francisco!"
Esteban Dugue Estrada, Havana,
Cuba, "hospitable as Baltimore," Wil
liam Baker and wife, Baltimore, Md.;
"great is Frisco," Frank Lemont, En
sely, Ala; "the City of Bohemians."
Louis Brown, New York; "fine and
dandy," Miss Lizzie Kelley, Pittsburg;
"out of sight," Minnie Ingersoll,
Pittsburg; "up to tho standard of "the
Golden State," L. Langfelder, Fort
Smith, Ark.; "exhibit fine," L. H.
St hnackenberg, Cornwall, N. T.; "per
fectly lovely," Sara Dargo, Cleves,
Ohio; "best on the grounds," L. Brink
man, New York; "nicest exhibit on
the fair grounds," Hugh Bates, Belle
Vernon. Pa.; "sublime," L. W. Hodg
man, Red Wing; "splendid," L. \V.
Alderman. Raleigh, N. C; "the
goods," Harold D. -Cowan, Buffalo, N.
Y.; "finest on the grounds," Elsie W.
Wehling, Bellevue, Pa.; "best yet," S.
C. Hendricks, Marlon, Ind.; "it's fine,"
George Pendexter and wife, Austin,
Tex.
A lady from Pasadena takes occasion
to write after her name, "All good but
the climate." San Diego is more gen
erous, for four of her citizens write,
"No place like California, and San
Francisco is its center."
Another one of the big registers sent
on by the San Francisco committee has
been filled, and a temporary one has
been supplied by J. W. Erwln, the com
mittee's representative. It contains a
space at the margin for remarks, and
most of the visitors who register do not
overlook the opportunity to unload their
sentiments. Some mistake the purpose
for which their remarks are desired and
apply them to themselves or existing
conditions utterly extraneous to San
Francisco. Such marginal notes as
"I'm tired," "It's hot" and "Raining"
appear at intervals.
All the "remarks" bearing on San
Francisco are extremely complimen
tary, save two. Miss Katherine F.
O'Connell of Chicago gazed about the
building, saw no gilded shoats' heads
on the frescoes and cruelly and calmly
wrote in the remarks column, "Poor."
This is one of the preliminary rum
blings of the thunderous acknowledg
ment of San Francisco's greatness that
must come from the East. No city or
individual can be truly great until it
or he is "knocked," and this faint be
ginning of the good work by a weak
woman, insignificant as it Is in Itself,
is portentous of the great things com
ing to the great city beside the Golden
Gate. It is premonitory of a storm
that is to burst and glorify the West
ern metropolis. Only when she is well
hammered by the other great centers
of trade can San Francisco feel that
she is indeed one of the leading ones
of earth.
The matter of securing a visit from
these notables is now in the hands of
the public bodies of California, having
been referred to them by the State
commission. All of the South and Cen
tral American republics will send repre
sentatives. A visit from these latter
would probably be of particular benefit
to California. .
CALL. BUREAU, PRESS BUILDING,
WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS, Aug. 27.—
Among the delegates to the Inter T
parliamentary conference to be held
at the fair grounds next month
and which it is hoped to induce to visit
California, are the Archbishop of Can
terbury and Lord Stanhope of Great
Britain, Baron d'Estournellea Constant
and Senator La Biche of France, Bar
ons von Plener and Pirquet of Austria,
Count Apponyi of Hungary, Dr. Max
Hlrsch and P. Haupmann of Germany,
J. W. Lund of Norway, Baron Knabbe
of Sweden and Dr. Gobatz of Switzer
land.
Special Staff Correspondent of The Call.
BY PAUL EDWARDS,
SAM BERNARDINO. Aug. 27. —
The fourth section of the -westbound
Santa. Fe train running as No. 9,
¦which has been detained In Arizona
by washout* for the last four days and
had been switched to the Southern
Pacific tracks via Derninff, N. M.. ran
into & cloudburst again this afternoon
between Beaumont and Hinda, Cal.,
east of San Bernardino on the main
Una of the Southern Pacific. The rain,
accompanied by hail and a stiff r«de
of wind, came down in torrents, waah-
Inr out bridges and roads and pour
ing rivers of water down from the
hills that flooded the railroad tracks
and destroyed the telegraph lines.
When No. 9 encountered the flood
ten inches of water was pouring over
the rails and threatened to carry away
the tracks at any moment- The en
gineer pushed his train forward, how
ever, and succeeded in crossing the
flooded portion of the right of way
and reaching th'a city. All wires are
down east of Redlands Junction.
At railroad headquarters in Colton
It was stated that a mile and a half
of track was Washed out near Beau
jrxont-and a mile more near Hinda.
TJhe water carried quantities of rail
road ties that were piled along the
right- of way upon the track and
heaped them high with mud and de
bris. ' Railroad men say that the
cloudburst was the worst they have
ever encountered.
The passengers on the train, who
have, been practically imprisoned in
the cars for nearly a week by the
washouts In Arizona, were almost
p.inic-stricken by the appearance of
the flood waters again to-day.
Foreigners May Be Induced
to Pay a Visit to Western
Shore of the United States
Escape From Washouts in
Arizona Only to Run Into
Big Storm Near Beaumont
MAY VISIT THE COAST
TRAVELERS GET SCARE
List of Delegates to Inter
parliamentary Conference
Is 3Iade Up of Noted Men
Railroad Tracks, Telegraph
Lines and Bridges Are
•Badly Damaged by Floods
MANY NOBLES
DUE AT FAIR
WIND AND RAIN
IN SOUTHLAND
GUARDS FAIL
TO FIND THE
TWO ESCAPES
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL", SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 190*.
25
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f .':~??j '- ¦ _¦¦¦ •"„" ¦ — ¦ —iA'ynftt,
Sar. Francisco, Sunday. 28 August, 10VI.
Smith's
Tapestry Brussels,
F Quality, cents
A carpet you should not fail to see if an inex-
pensive floor covering is about to be bought. Be fair
to yourself, and don't judge of the quality until it
has been examined. Sewed, lined and laid the same
as any other carpet. Other values in this department
equally deserving of your attention.
! (Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
| 261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
THE EMPORIUM. | j THE EMPORIUM. tv | THE EMPORIUM. i THE EMPORIUM.
K * i .I. 1 1 f
g Supply All of Your Wants Under One Roof f •/
i The Store Moire JUtractiveThah Ever
I Baring th® Next Throe Weeks
J Not because of the magnificent decorations which are being prepared for the Knights Templar Conclave, arid immediately
'2 . ¦ _ . — — ¦ . .
;£ fo lowing it th; Odd 'Fellows' Encampment— the most elaborate store decorations ever seen in California; but because of the many
tl remarkable offerings of Autumn merchandise our buyers have prepared in anticipation of the visit o< thousands! of out-of-town
j£ customers to the city, during the coming festivities. People who live in remote parts of California and the adjoining States will
it? ' ~ ; i ~ : : — ; — : — : — : — i :
* have an opportunity to participate with our city patrons in a series of special sales that have seldom if ever been equaled in the
i $ West. Take advantage of these sales to buy vour Winter supplies.
j These great chances for practical economists set the ball rolling to-morrow.
I Autumn Silks Fashion's Decreed Designs
| Sale Extraordinary Ladies' Fall Suits and Coats
8 Some Silk Values without precedent— weaves /^f Advance foreign thoughts cleverlyiexe-
£ that are among the newest and most desirable for -y. CUted by New York's best makers.. The
£ present wear. The soft-finished taffetas and )£*S>^W ' most desirable of the authoritative styles 1
* 2 ace silks that swell designers are using for the W~$&& $ for fal1 tnd winter are now "presented in oar 1 spaciou*
* new silk shirtwaist suits—all at a ridiculously \\.^ « dep«tment. You need not heiitate in the selection ofy^nr''
I? low price. W?!!/ new coat or.sui:. Many hundred garments in the*styles that
J^ Tho. sands of yard? of Novelty Silk*, nitab'e for V -W$ipN. l*^' "* "* *" W ° r ° **"* wimcr *" ' here. Do you want to be
jt« strsct or hou<e wear, f.r compete suits or separate //i^^O^V *$^ among the namber* of women who are daily availing /them-'
J wa'su. soft uffetu, louisinn and m=«ai:n7s, in /£ #i /// (W//V^\ ">S »c'ves of the opportonitjr of a first selection.
J small pin strip-, check* or fi u-m; others in //•/// A 4h\ * We picture another fascinating new stvlefintDodoced /by
X J^cquird designs -values 75c th- yard and u- • \[c f / / M\ *\j «*• The latest walking suit* made otmen's wear mixtures.
*!> ward— yoar choice now . All . \c\< Itl /W\\ f\ You cannot get them at any other store, they- come in pretty
•£ Thousands of yards Glace Silk. Poplin, soft and at * g ra 7 9 . tans and browns. The jacket is 27 inches long and-
ft" - lustious slk, in th: co'orj be« adapted for strstt belted. Collar and cuffs of broadcloch and; silk braided.
JC ani evening weir— the chief among them brn;: Ijfffi&grfi $' ' I ' lle $^ rt " mac^ 8 ' n pleated effect and. has that' billowy
£ reseda l>Uck cadet- crram m &^&fL* (Ih^^^^^R^ fullness so much admired and desired. ' E'sewrtytre you
I ' iv T uhte lky farnft A . /hil^rWM § would have to pay at least $35.00 for such » < .hancM>me suit
\ brown. ni> L " C / I T |Tffl8H\ \l probably $40.00. Our introductory price /W)
*. ActuaUalue 75c th: yard, beginning Mondny. . ¦>'€!. ifj '"f rfilffV WM 7 */**»"*******
$ zooo yards of Pcau de Cyjne - in a we-ght a /// j 111 fc; The Ne\V Tuxedo Suits
$( little heavier than Crep; de Chins— a rich finish, . //I i I Uyll t -*3£
V will wear well, drapes ptrfccLy, equally suitabli hi I A |$\ •j£& The NeW TOUf*ist StlJtS
?» for street or evening gowns -the color line from la f.\ \\\ ; 2^?3 »T»i_ %.t ¦ /~ -l «-• »a
5* white to black is c mplrtc, also a 75c va-ue.niwj IB 1 , Jl »i, "-p^ 1 tie NeW LOIlg COat StlltS
* _ aB n ~Z " // I'lll l| Sait P r5c " be * 5n « $13.50* $17.50,
k Fall Dress Goods I | ; ! 1 1 %\ % $22.50, $25.00 *n* ran gc upwar^o $135.00
I Sale Extraordinary I |jf||B| w N «« A ##S^^wJ& qilw " lens:hs '
*° Beginning Monday two popular lines of dress IB '/l Jl ,, '¦•t\'\\i\\ Accordeon pleated sKirts — shirred yiakes, a new a3sort-
i ROOds for fall wear at almost half prices. -.". - Ui »¦// \\ .lft.^\\ "^ ot_ colors, incluaing white, blue, bi-own, tan, gray and
i Mohair Sici.ian-,-. inches Wde, manufactured in Saiuire, Enghn ', JM \ \%3^ b.ack-juit received and very moderatc/y gjg CZQ
fc* ani dyed by Rip ey —one of the mo?t. Sitis r JCtoiy fabric* lor good ¦¦¦ *n tt= ~ t -¦ p CQ t . . . .......... y§r m^0%0 .
J. service, salt, lust oni ani with ?uffi:'en: bolv to drape well — aper- — ¦ ¦¦ , ,
%• fee: dust shedirr, in black, brown), light ani m?dium navy and gun 9 +Z Tii l kf**£ {%'¥ a m~ m nm ma mm *
f meta, gray, worth 75 c yard, sale P r£ $U3OI?1MiOn IH1 3 H ti H tG FG 1 3 O f S
*•; Varom All-WooI D:c« Materials— N.-.r from th: loom, only on- 5OC EeiCh 3&Cm &UC tf^JitBGS M9C
Jr» or two pieces of a kind, a litt'e surplus s ock from die mill; th: as- Th?s: are 25 good novels — not th: cheap rr-» Thf»<;p j. r a enmp nf thA
H . fortmen: induJes black sergei, mistral, ctam'ne and canvas eU- editions, but th: regular - • 1.5=' H'Cie are SOUie OTine — 5j J^r: Jv^V^^
*' mine, c. earn B-dtord cords and various pain colored fabrics; also al- books at the very low price, each 50O dalr "ieSt prettiest . ¦ -y[ ffi't_\ /^0^^ {^
•>! wool albatrosj, in desirable colors, va!urf:om 5ccth: 4A A "Herald of Empire." by A. C. I-aut. handkerchiefs We have -^/[ ~
i yard u? , »' e price : • • • .• • &W "The Farringtons." -by Eiien t. Pow- ever been able to offer at ; 4}\ f§\ m$S^4
•*' * "Pursuit of the House Boat." by, special sale and there are : ?&r$p?y:. .- vfs& %&$?'.'• -\
I Fine Wool Blankets )Sh^T^^- ; rl^°^^^^ !lzj;^«
I Sale Extraordinary . - #SS;
I The magnitude of our blanket busi-
I ness and its continual increase we attri- ::""l, e R ro^ r .-" a **J° si a A F !. l " t - v ? aen f an " in?ertion " wel1 " *-"
%' . , ,, , . ., Mills of God. author of 'Nancy lace edgr. Dozens of patterns among the embroiderei one» which cannot
j DUte in nO Small degree tO the Care We .. G^ d al s r ave ' the Klng .. by McDonald . ™? captivating our cujtomer,. Monday and Tuesday only,
* exercise in maintaining uniformity in ;;wa K e of character.'- by cordon. « ch - • • ¦ - -' tea
%: t . . . . . P . . . J I^ord Protector, by Teats. • ¦ :
K th3 qualities at a minimum legitimate "Circular Study." by Anna K. Greene.' . __
% COSt. "•£ r aSl O o r r F T°;: O .n?So d O re. NOW SHOO Dep'tm
V r> 1 - r 11 '% "Arden Massiter." by Barry. -»• 1 ,• , . m ..
$ Every season when our fall and winter contracts "Apostles of the Southeast." by nOVV lOCated On the main tlOOr, Oil the H3-
g are being delivered we carefully examine every pair and .-^ l s e^ n6 Goldr by Duffy ; timda.a much larger Seating C3pacitV,there-
g wherever the . lightest deviation from perfection occurs -Ma^^San^Gen^y Sardou. f()re WQ can {^ Qn d
J. we iay aside the wjscied ones and inaugurate a sa e to -Hard Pan." by Dinner. PYnpHitiniic; onH cotiefcr^ru r«or,«lr
-! quick y dispose of them. "When Knighthood Was In Flower." eXpeditlOUS ana Satisfactory manner,
* 5 This week i, such'an op portunkv. Hundreds of Clothe Thit Another feature of the hew shos store is
\i pairs grouped into three i o » and every f>air ivorth at o \ 1Y Vf k- tne separate department for men and boys.
|J[ least a third or more than priced- Tnere is a bet Uie rashion • The stocks have, been greatlv increased
I * choice in each lot, so come car.y. The sac begins Meil'S cUld YolltllS' a " d irn P rovecl - On our every day prices
% Monday morning. Tfo<tth*tt (?Arh <tt*t "fe /?rt i^M^ y0U wiH make " consiJerable saving, but
k l*<1 #«/ P #«/ ? KaiKfUCarnaU^iVLU durinztheinaugural sales in the
J : r °ir Au r , , (^S^ 7^ ¦¦¦E^ nexv department your savings on
* sorted qua.itiei, ior kets lor double beds wool blankets, su- I lllNvJ /%kI!S The-first of these Sales IS a line
K 3^ beds, va u-s up to (6 ft. wde) va.urs p:nor in every way, \iT A f U l^S. of ladie, vici kid Blucheren«, style a-
*; -4-5°. >' our choc - up to your values up to $ 6. 50, We Are tlie Sk^SIlk shown in the picture, mat kid tops, pa"-
i' P tr P ilr cho:cr, p,r pair your choic?, F er pair « C ,• rn «i: lea:b« iip S mscLum French h-eN,
i*" O0 & i T9 Q&2 &JK 7742 lldllLliCU tu'n:isoie«, reguarly^^ 0% *%
|j; ip&m&& $>*&a£c» Distributors. #2.00, «- e pr-c= . .
| Manufacturer's Sample Line Metal Ware Sui * Gases
{I At one-quarter off our regular Low Prices Ana Trunks
$ One article of a kind only. The product of one of the best makers of high grade metal ware in The Eastern excursions begin
»>t America, consisting of coffee-making machines, 5 o'clock teas, chafing dishes, pudding dishes, serving again September 1st and we know
& trays, crumb trays, candlesticks, bath room and lavatory fittings, etc., etc. All in perfect condition there will be many travelers who
a | . fa < _* and all at a quarter less than regular w?U need a new dress suit case
ti J\ l®* 18 *^ J?&\ prices. 'Some pretty holiday gifts could be or trunk. We mention to-day
S -**& v I • / (wfr») selected from this lot. tw0 li P es °[ these . selected for
ft jipr * i '_"*H"»1E^^^ C&\ — T^KT*^--^ =zzr im. their special usefulness and ralues from our im-
Jk 1 sZL"i L^r^jaJj&^S&^mBSO f~^"j"'L^& <»s mrn-e «;c!c of trarrlrrs' sup?', e; in the new
J* fi^-.oo Chafing Dishes . .$11.25 % 3.50 PuJding D'.shri . .$2.60 $2. 50 Tea Kettle and Stand $1.75 Soap diihei for stands, walit 20 inch &5mOD 24 inch SSmOO
•f $10 00 Chafing Dishes . .$7-45 J *. 50 Pudding Dishei . .51.85 Tea Kettle md Stand S2.70 or bath tubs and nickled combina- 2a inch $B. 5O 26 inch <6m5O
$ $ 7.50 Chafing Dishes. .$5.65 ff^S^ ""^ I4.00 Tea Kettle and Sund $2-95 tion tumbler and t ooth brash r.ck, anvif Covcrcd T ,unk-With twe rraps,
J t 5.50 Chafing Dish, . . $3. 7 5 oTc^malcer . . \ $6. 7 5 Te, Ketfe.nd Stand , 4 .65 gg g£ \\\\ *£ g faced, tra 7 with compartment for hau,
If i +.00 Chifing Diihes . .$3.00 Jio.oo coffee-maker . . .$7.50 1 1.50 Round Serving Trayt $1.15 $2.00 styles . . . . above $L50 32 inch S7mOO 36 inch S8» OO
* $ 5.50 Pudding Dishes . . $3.90 $i2.soccffee-roaker . . .$9.25 $2.50 Round Srrving Trays jl.85' J2.50 ityles . . . . above $1.85 34 >nch S7*5O 38 inch S8.5O
i Princess Dresser $30.00 Sale Lace Curtains ~
$ ! Grtcefui in .outlines, beautiful in markings of the wood, and excellent in Th , KNgd uctiea o{ our imm . n% ia ee ronaja purchase thn we told you about some three
jf cabinet work, and finish, very appropriate for a dainty bed room. We weeks ago and from the first lot of which we sold several hundred pa : rs bone day,goet on sale
j^ .^^^ ' have this in golden oak, mahogany as well beginning Monday- these are the details!
JI i^^k -\V as curly birch. The two small top drawers Nottingham and Arabian Lace Curtains— In the most de*rab!e novelty and Bnaxli
SV \. %V it ' c 1 t ' e « patterns, colors white, ecru and Arabe.
»• / X^> I tre • well front, and there is a fine, large -
tl - \^ \ Of • " t • u- j $1.25 Curtains, pair 99c $2.75 Curtains, pair* S1.9S
T» • Wj j x V m mirror. In size this dresser measures 4.1 rf .. _ _ -, . . -., n n. «-«> «- r> • •«.«.»
5, Ml %\ ifl» . , , j .. . , ,.\ $1.75 Curtains, pair $1.39 $3.25 Curtains, pair $219
» ira W ft inches across and standt 74% inches high • J\ ¦__ - .-. . „._ __
«. - M& \ 1 , , • ,-. ,1 j $4.25 Curtains, pair $3.29
I] \\ \ . S » and the price, like all our prices on good
£ A ' S a \ ¦ lurniture, you will find 20 per cent, below Lace Door Panels — Arabian color, double Couch Covers-Extr, heavy ta ? e,:rr, rever-
a ¦ U riff •ft -.*¦•.--• ' ," . , . r , . _ , , . »,•*¦• Sibie, Or.ental designs and colors, 60 inches
* W IB a those Of exclusive furniture corded effect, cable nett.ng, Mot fin center hwy fr - n ». d worfh ? .
$ ' J&KsSjg^^L scores S 3O,00 of panel-worth $1.00, each . . QSC each . ." . . . °. '. . . . $3.45
fc° t^^^ 1 **^^^:^^^^"^^)! Wm Other -^x^ S*) m^^ A FijurtdTapeJtry — Furniture covering, yd.
* U '«^^ggSBff^ BW^^AM ERICA'S GRANDEST.STORE. . p . .*. .350, 30o and 25o• The friends of George Robertson, a
messenger in the Bureau of Streets.
are worried over his disappearance
from his usual haunts and a search
has been Instituted for him. Robert
sen left his home on Grove street,
near Van Ness avenue. Sunday morn
ing, August 6. ostensibly to buy a
newspaper, and he has not been seen
since.
City Employe Disappears.
Fall hats. 1904, Just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palac«. -
The suit of Thomas H. Rooney
against the estate of Charles Fair for
J73.Q00 for services alleged to have
been rendered as a mining expert was
answered yesterday by Hermann Oel
richs, administrator of the estate, who
denied every allegation In Rooney's
complaint excepting that In passing
upon the bills of the creditors the
Kooney claim had been turned down
by the administrator. Rooney's claim
set forth that he had been employed
as a mining expert by Charles Fair to
pass upon properties In Mexico, Ari
zona, Nevada and California and in
settling the controversy over the own
ership of the Morgan mine between
Fair and -"William Irvine. In his suit
for payment Rooney declared that
Charles Fair had promised to make
him general manager of the estate of'
James G. Fair after the litigation over
¦ the latter estate was settled, but that
In the meantime Charles Fair had'
gone abroad and met his death wlth-
out fulfilling his contract. These con
tentions are denied in toto by Oelrichs. .
Administrator I>enics That Mining Ex
port Thomas II. Rooncy Rendered
Services Worth $75,000.
OELRICIIS ANSWERS SUIT
AGAINST FAIR ESTATE
Senator Ankeny understands the In
dian language perfectly and acted as
interpreter the other day at Washin
ton when a group of Yaklma Indians
were presented to the President at the
White House.
Visit our newly fitted art rooms. New
collections of the very latest things in
pictures and frames. Everything for the
artist and lover of art. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Art Notes.
The fortieth anniversary of the Cen
tral Methodist Church . will be ob
served with a reunion and dinner on
Friday evening. All present and for
mer members and their families are
invited. The Sunday-school was or
ganized Sunday, September 11, 18C1,
and the church dedicated one week
later. The following committee will
have charge of the affair: William Ab
bott. Mrs. T. \V. Nowlin, Rolla V.
Watt; F. H. Jackson, II. A. Heath,
Mrs-. F. A. Miller, C. O. Burton, J. S.
Irving.
Will Celebrate Anniversary.
Fcr visitor* to the "World** Fair to see the
East. Reduced rates to New York and other
Eastern citie» are now la effect via the''Penn
sylvania lines throuth either Chicago or St.
Louis. Tickets to New York and Philadelphia
are Good via Washington, allur.-ln.ir ten days
at the national ¦ capital. Stopovers ore also
allowed at Baltimore and Philadelphia. For
particulars oik E. M. PomerOjr, P. C. A., C21
Market street. &in Fraacisco. •
An Excellent Opportunity.
Soon after the college commencement
the world begins to take the conceit
out of the wise graduate.
Dr. Nasel. oculist, removed to 731 Sutter
street. Phone East 1217. Hours 10 to 12, 1 to 3.»
Probably the humane landlord bars
children from his flat because they
wouldn't have room in it to grow.
Carroll Hamilton, the 6-year-old
nephew of Deputy Coroner McCor
mick, died at St. Luke's Hospital yes
terday from injuries received by being
run over last Wednesday by an elec
tric car on Twenty-ninth street.
Injuries Prove Fatal.
The younger clergy of the Episcopal
church will hold their first meeting of
the second semester of study for 1904
to-morrow evening at the Occidental
Hotel. The course given during the
spring of the year was on church his
tory. The following line of study will
be taken up on Monday on the early
liturgies of the East:
Introductory paper by the Rev. Ce
cil M. Marrack, August 29; "The Syri
an Rite," by the Rev. W. B. Clark,
September 19; "The Kgyptian Rite,"
by the Rev. Clifton Macon, October
17; 'The Persian Rite," by the Rev.
Mardon D. Wilson, November 21;
"The Byzantine Rite," by the Rev.
Charles T. Walkley, December 19.
Youns Clergy to 3Iect.
The board of managers says that
great efforts must be made in the near
future to obtain new buildings, as the
old wooden structures are in a bad
condition and it is nearly useless to
repair them. The heavy debt hanging
over the institution has been lifted and
at the beginning of the new year the
board hopes a substantial building
fund will be In progress.
As a start in thi3 direction the coun
try fair is expected to set the ball roll
ing and the help of the community is
earnestly asked. Nearly 200 boys are
cared for by the orphange and much
is needed in every way for their com
fort.
As a benefit for the Bishop Armitage
Orphanage for Boys at San Mateo a
country fair will be held next Satur
day afternoon at "Uplands," the resi
dence of Charles T. Crocker and Miss
Crocker.
Country Fair At San Mateo to Start
Fund in Aid of Institution's
Buildings.
WILL GIVE A BENEFIT
v FOR BOYS' ORPHANAGE
"The company has also acaulred an
other auarter section of land on 12-11
21, making three quarter sections
now owned by the Grand. A quarter
section on section 8 adjoining this last
has been secured by a company of
Wisconsin capitalists, who are expect
ed to undertake some development
work. These properties are within two
miles of the oil spring."
The Sonora Independent, speaking of
the Sell mine in Tuolumne County, re
ports:
"We were shown Monday an exceed
ingly handsome specimen of gold and
quartz all sprinkled over with a tellu
ride of gold. At a rough guess there
was probably $200 in the rock, besides i
a small sack containing more, but not
bo rich, that was found at the same
time. We are pleased that Divoll &
Fulcher are getting on to the % yellow
metal again. They deserve all they
get for their perseverance in their con
tinual development of the mine. The
present find may result in a good-sized
pocket, for when a vein throws out
such golden ore as we have seen the
end is not yet."
The following item is taken from the
Jackson Ledger:
"At the Wide Awake mine, which is
in Railroad Flat mining district, Cala
veras County, a peculiar state of affairs
Is presented. The ore assays $10 and $11
per ton, but several milling tests have
proved unavailing In saving more than
from 50 cents to $1 per ton. The tail
ings show gold value of about $10. If
any methqd can be devised to save a
fair percentage of the gold the prop
erty may be made a remunerative one.
The rock Is not evidently of the free
milling character. George I. Wright
has had an expert from San Francisco
visit the mine recently, an experienced
assayer and mineralogist, who after a
thorough examination gave it aa his
opinion that the ore might be .treated
by the cyanide process. The manage
ment has decided to fix up a small
plant to test this treatment. An as
sessment of one cent per share has been
levied for this purpose. The ore differs
materially In character from o.ther gold
ores in that vicinity. There is little
doubt some method can be devised to
recover the gold. The problem may
take a little time and involve consid
erable experimenting to solve."
"H. Pennlngton, general manager of
the Grand Oil Company, who has just
returned from the East, says that his
company is going to proceed to drill
on its well on 34-12-21 in East Sunset.
It is also preparing the ground for a
reservoir. The company has not yet
struck oil In paying quantities, but it
has the best indications and during a
lull in the drilling operations Mr. Pen
nington decided to utilize his men in
reservoir work, being confident that he
will have use for the oil receptacle
later.
per mines at Yerington have been sold
to Captain J. R. de Lamar for $125,000.
The Mount Vernon mine at the top
of the divide between Greenhorn and
Cherry creeks, south of Yreka,' is said
to continue showing good paying
quartz in large quantity.
CONCERNING OIL PROSPECTS.
The Bakersfield Callfornian says of
the oil prospects in the Grand prop
erty:
In many instances this is being done.
A company owning a large property de
velops that property, through a tunnel
started on the claim of another ad
joining the company's mine. There
have been many, lawsuits as a result,
but now that the case has finally been
decided there may be an end to the
trouble in that direction.
The Angels Echo says that work Is
going on in the famous old , Utlca
mine. That journal continues: "Super
intendent Shinn had doubts as to th«»
mine being worked out, and to satisfy
himself he caused a drift to be run
from level 2 of the South Stickle mine
to and beneath the Utlca underground
works.
"Here, at a point 200 feet below the
present bottom of. -the Utlca north
shaft, the lode of the Utlca has again
been discovered, being over thirty feet
in width and tending to increase in
width as it descends into the earth.
The ore is of the same character as
that found In the upper levels of the
old works and is equally valuable.
"The discovery demonstrates the
fact that the Utlca is far from being
worked out and that it is as good a
mine as it. ever has been in the past.
"Owing to. the bad condition of the
ground the Utica lode will be mined
by way of the - lower levels of the
South Stickle, from which, point the
discovery drift has been run. '!
- It is reported that the Bluestone cop
The United States Supreme Court has
just handed down a decision that is bf
great importance to miners and mine
owners and will possibly forever settle
a question that has long been open
and one that has brought about many
lawsuits.
The Federal court decides that the
owner of a mine cannot run a tunnel
through an adjoining mine to reach
his own property without the consent
of the owners of the adjoining claim.
This case was take*h up from Mon
tana to the Supreme Court. It was the
suit of the St. Louis Mining and Mill
ing Company against the Montana
Mining Company. .
The decision affirms the opinion of
the Circuit Court of Appeals and makes
it plain that a company cannot work
its own property througn the claim of
another without its consent.
IMPORTANT DECISION'.
past few months was closed last week
by the H. Fletcher Company, who sold
for the Davis brothers to A. H. Butler
of San Francisco the seven claims ad
joining the Red Rock, Denver and the
McKane & Schwab properties for a
consideration of $50,000. Mr. Butler, the
purchaser, is a well-known capitalist of
San Francisco and is president of the
Dabney Oil Company and the Califor
nia and Oriental Steamship Company,
and is also well known in mining and
financial circles on the coast. A new
company will shortly be incorporated,
to be known as the West Tonopah Min
ing Company, with a capital of $1,000,
000, and active development of the
mines will be pushed. The present work
on the claims consists of a sixty-foot
shaft, and from this float assaying from
$80 to $1400 per ton has -been taken.
The general impression of the camp is
that these claims are among the best in
Tonopah, and lying as they do in the
highly mineralized defined zone they
should prove large producers. While
the company's plans are not yet defi
nitely determined, it has been prac
tically decided that development will
be on a large scale and that the most
modern machinery will be introduced
in working the mine.
The reason for Charles Kornfeld be
queathing 560,000 to Annie T. Smith
in his will and leaving the remainder
of his large estate to his widow, Vir
ginia Kornfeld, is explained in the an
swer filed in court yesterday to the
contest of the will commenced by the
attorney of Joseph Guzik of Warsaw,
Russia, nephew of Kornfeld.. The an
swer is filed by Attorneys Lloyd &
Wood for the widow, Virginia; Annie
Smith, R. H. Lloyd and the other
beneficiaries under the will. Lacking
information or belief, the answerers
deny the relationship claimed by
Guzik of Warsaw', and deny that one
Fibusz Guzik of the same city is a
brother of Kornfeld. They deny that
Kornfeld was 80 years old when he
made his will, as alleged, but 78, and
that the was not of unsound mind.
It is admitted that Annie T. Smith
was not a relative of Kornfeld, but
in that regard it is explained that the
woman who received a bequest of
SCO, 000 was a relative of Mrs. Korn
feld and had lived in the family from
the time she was 12 years old and for
twenty-nine years thereafter. Korn
feld and his wife, It is declared, nur
tured and educated the girl and cared
for her as though she had been their
own daughter. She had always been
loving and obedient and strong bond3
of love, affection and sympathy existed
between her and deceased, says the
answer.
Answer to Russian Contest of Korn
feld's Will Explains Why; Annie
Smith Wus Left $60,000.
3IEMBER OF FAMILY
FOIt TWEXTY-XIXE YEARS
"One of the most important sales of
Tonopah mining property made in the
"The driller has been at work for sev
eral days on the fifth well, and Thurs
day, at a depth of about 125 feet struck
the gas. The new well is the best.pro
ducer in the field, yielding about 15,000
feet of gas per day. As the company
has already on hand a surplus of 10,000
feet it is now certain that enough can
be obtained to supply Oxnard and in
termediate points. Material for piping
the gas to Oxnard and supplying that
town has already been ordered, and as
soon as it arrives men will be set to
work extending the mains. It is possi
ble that with the development of the
wells, the supply being considered in
exhaustible, gas will be piped to Nord
hoff, Saticoy and Santa Paula. The
natural gas Is giving general satisfac
tion in Ventura. It is found cheaper
than wood for fuel and gives intense
heat for all purposes. Several hundred
residences are now equipped with gas
ranges and heaters."
As an increase in the outlet for oil
heavy shipments are being made from
this State to the Hawaiian Islands,
where the fluid is used for fuel on the
large plantations. Several oil steamers
have left for the islands, while one
sailed for St. Michael, Alaska, where
her cargo will be used in the gold dig
gings. (
The Silver State of Winnemucca says
of the big mining deal recently made
at Tonopah:
An enormous flow of natural gas has
been struck in Ventura at the plant of
the Ventura Light and Power Com
pany, which yields 15,000 feet a day.
The Independent says of the new
gusher:
GREAT FIX)\V OF GAS.
"The Union Oil Company is putting
in a new six-inch pipe line between
Graciosa and Harris station. The pres
ent four-inch pipe is inadequate to
handle the output of its Santa Maria
wells."
The Santa Monica Times* speaking of
its section of Santa Barbara County,
says:
"The Union Sugar Company will be
gin drilling for oil on its premises in
the vicinity of the peninsula that ex
isted before the lake dried up. Work
on the rig is under way. Mr. Tolbutt
will have charge of the drill.
"The Western Union Company's test
well is down 3800 feet and the pump
is to be applied to-day. The oil is 35
degrees or better and exists in great
quantity. This is by far the deepest
well in California.
"The Southern Pacific Company has
let a contract to Mr. Stell to go down
another 1000 feet or until oil is reached-
The well is now 2001 feet deep and has
a strong flow of gas. The opinion pre
vails among oil men that a fine well
will be cot.
Oil and natural gas appear to be
holding the center of the mineral stage
at present. Gushers of both the fluid
and the vapor have been coming up
the wells in different localities of
the southern portion, of this
State. It is reported from the Coallnga
oil fields that a few days ago a stream
of oil suddenly burst 100 feet in air
from a well shaft, covering the der
ricks with the fluid. The strike was
made at a depth of 1630 feet and is
expected to yield 1000 barrels a day.
Another gusher is reported in the
oil fields of the Watsonvllle Oil Com
pany at Sargent's ranch, Santa Clara
County. When the oil stratum was
perforated by the drill the tremendous
pressure forced the geyser of oil high
toward the top of the derrick.
Important Decision in Min
ing Litigation- Is Made
by United States Court
Henry Strathmann was arrested for
being: drunk on Natoma street on Fri
day night by Policeman McEntee and
yesterday he was booked at the City
Prison on charges of failure to provide
and battery. Thj» complaints were
sworn to before Police Judge Cabaniss
by Mrs. -Rachel Stone on the first
charge and by Strathmann's wife, Jo-
S sephine, on the second. Secretary
[White of the California Society for
j the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
I is looking after Mrs. Strathmann's in
j terests.
; Strathmann at one time had a sa
! loon on Beale street and later was a
! partner with his wife's brother, Gert
Schomaker, at 600 O'Farrell street, in
the grocery and saloon business. He
sold his half interest to his brother-in
law on June 8, but his wife claims
that he still retains his half interest.
She also asserts that her husband has
transferred his right to property he
owns in this city to his brother-in-law
I with the object of preventing her from
! enjoying any benefit from it.
j Mrs. Strathmann says that ever
j since her marriage her husband has
1 not supported her properly and has
j treated her cruelly. Just before the
i birth of her baby, now two months
old, he refused to call in a physician
and she had to hire a wagon to take
¦ her to the City and County Hospital,
j where her baby was born. A week
ago last Friday he gave her 50 cents
{ and she said that was the only money
i she had received from him for over a
month. She had been compelled to
! sell part of the furniture for food.
She went to the house of a friend at
Hunters Point for help in her desti
tute condition. On Friday night
j Strathmann called there and, she al
leges, attacked her viciously. He
choked and beat her and when Mrs.
Stone interfered to protect her she
was also beaten. In his blind fury he
struck the baby on the head and near
ly killed it. It was after attacking
his wife that he was arrested on Na
toma -street for being drunk.
- When Secretary White called upon
I Strathmann after his wife had put her
i case in his hands Strathmann boast
j ingly told White that he was heir to
I a large estate in Germany. He de
i clined to support his wife and babe.
Fails to Provide for His
family and Has Also to
Stand Trial for Battery
TWO CASES AGAINST HIM
FOREIGN MAEKET OPENS
Great Flow of Natural Gas
aiicl Oil Eeported From
Many Points in Galifornia
IL Strathmann, Wlio Says
He Is Heir to a Large Es
tate in Germany, Arrested
SPOUTERS RIFE
IN THE STATE
ATTACKS BOTH
WIFE AND BABE
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 19K
26
SEE PAGES
38 to 45.
ft BUSINESS CHANCES. MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
A T O L E T FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED
j<V* HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
1 TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED, AND A THOU-
mJk SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
f^^f PAGES 38 to 4S. INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fSrijoSsP' arJBEC7 st|^py *Vsyn& £/ amr MOmM kM kj \tJ cWpJ m « . _ \_ 1 ? c
- indescribable fear, tor
mm * m * child-bi*th« The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts oxer her a
¦*hadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy robs
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
tim* of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, "but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents * 'morning
Gickness," and other dis-
$1.00 per Dottle. Boole
containing valuable information free, fF'fiHfr BSU'lSiS ff^i
The Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlanta, Go. & ffl&fWM
. ADVERTISEMENTS. - '
4r By purchasing from the Store on the Square,
THE BARGAIN CENTER OF SAN FRANCISCO
In no essential respect is there the slightest difference between THE ECONOMY SALES ROOM and the I
other sections of the store. It is simply a space set aside for sample and discontinued patterns taken I
from our floors to make room for the new goods.. Every piece is thoroughly dependable and of the I
latest pattern. The prices speak for themselves; ** ** **
ECONOMY SALES ROOM s — : ECONOMY SALES ROOM
1^ EC prl°co y S HL IT) gjjHgwMjU a —- \\ Bejrnlar [J
Illso Llry|i!|^ I! erenow on display in our immense carpet show jj S^Dress^bird^^ I
ered oak..! ..$13.75 rooms ' Excluslve designs in Biglow Axminsters,- j V^''"'~: "•'-; $24.75 1
$52.00 Buffet, quarter-sawed Royal Wiltons, Body Brussels and Tapestries can |i pf SiSf gTablef « d , s ; 1
nQ ir Cy , 17C ; u , i eye mapie $5.75 I
Pliiili \% 5 b3 Seen here - - - - - .- - I; *2"» Folding Bed soMd I
*X g a^L" II Wilton Wool Velvets **> jonsot .a, e U55.00 Th^ipiecesuit 2^-!
Renting Dept. iirrmwr^^ tt r ee*al Rane-p
1 his department lias proven an tin- ! £§£&B^ lISol
vr 1 j . ' hS**! fisyS F&b-l55Si>Co5&KcbCSl n^?S2>vrv<S \£oSK2S>3ctv -^ triumph of mechanical penius. •
qualified success and we have made |SL!§gl J^^^^^^ J^^^S^W^^^ UseS iess coal - he * ats water quicker- * v
the service more effective than ever, v bakes better than any Ranee on the .
Hundreds of houses and flat's listed. ;' market. We guarantee it in every •
absolutely free. CPaf mCnt emCC j: m __^' »^_^ iir ¦ 1 # ° f tW ° ye3rS " Terms - $I °° down
_v ,. ' / j wZ-<2 Sr*jK3fe^g*jS^3Bg^r<^S Z>t^^^ lk^*- ''gS 6 SSgV^^fe< fejrf^3 an<^ ?I.OO a week.
ADVERTISEMENTS;
SHOES
Fall styles are being shown
A FALL STYLE, S3.SO
The latest fashions in dress
should be accompanied by th?
latest fashions in shoes.
SOffOS/S SHOES
are typical of the newest fash-
ionable ideas for every season
and occasion.
/ Special models and designs
of Button Shoes are included in
our variety of FALL STYLES.
They are shapely and chic;
Sizes 1 to 9, widths AAA to
EE, all Staple styles S3. SO
per pair.
y Only to be had at
SOROSIS SHOE PARLOR,
216 Post Street.
ROYAL SHOE STORE,
50 Third Street • .
Tlxis Season wo will carry a com-
plete line of Rubber* to Ot Soro*i«
Shoes.
AD VERT1SKMENTS.
1HE3EST AFIDAT OB ASHORE
A'riHl/AKri /Git* - ' of< |3
IVtfHISKYif
Hdistubvteo by cWPDWfim\ H
gSHERW00PfiSi°L|
/ vy Perfect Fitting l*p '
'<y Eyeglasses eg*
j At Moderate Cost (\
V 642 S-c
4^|dEvery Woman
/t-V ¦vi 'V '« *V Sa *» inleres««*l ami should know*
ti * i t £»» '¦ alxmt the wontierf til
tew--oStfvfl M * RVEL Whirling Spray
V^V\ &sS^£*9w tion«K4 JSurttm. Brjt— S*f.
\hi v^^V '^f^BS ..£?' ~ iJ oct CouTenient.
3 *"^ It IIiiii |«f|fr_
i«k r»nr trcxt In (nr It. \- t$L -S*^^~~^
it \,f raniHit »ur>p:y the V fMJy ' ;.",'' Jc
M Afllhi.. aotrpt no ""•• '' ~Cl-^~^>— ¦
«"th«T. bin **n«l i'uim|i for Nf., g--'"y\j
Illustrated (mole— »»«l<-4. Itjrvrn V". / '^if
fsiil pameiil»r*sndrtn»<iH>ii»ln- X ; / 2
r.!i:j!ilM(.;:i.' ; » W*UVI-:LCO~^/. . 3
« I P* rk Kow , Xe t» 1 ork.
123 NVw Montgomery, fan Francisco, CaL
William Hatt .roth < Ladies' Dept.). 22t Sutter.
t'r.ion Drue »'o.. 4W Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Os-cood Bn-.ihcrs. . .7th and Broadway Oakland
BalcwSn Pharmacy *. ..11» Ellis
(J visit DR. JORDAN'S great?
{3USEUB OF fiHATGHY$
Q Q) 1351 l^SSTK. tot. e*a7".h,3.rCiL A
4J jhb&w Worio. V. ealc&cs^t or m . y rmuract*^ A
i\ nir Sri 1V " M " p»»««»»-«7 ™,rt i r ,»,, t . iuei , V
Q V*$F& DR ' J2a:!AM - D! StASES CF KEN A
1 I $5?&H t-'mwltitioa frte and j'rit'y pr:vi;p \
B I XjCti] Tr««:n:eKt p-n< m 1 t rr b) !r::rr. A A
13 /llll PnnUr* CWt» u erery csit undrrukra. T
ft I 1 J ll& w »ite for ?x>k. PH!I.O*«it*aY of A
V 1 9 \y* BiaaiAGc. nailfd fue. (a.t
A Q IJ. *»' L»l*«r book Cor mri: ) \
" DB. JOItDAK & < O.. 1051 Mnrtpt SL.S. P. 0
Prescription; 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUKE FOS HEN.
EAKMLESS I2TJECTIOW. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. 3TO OTHER TREATMENT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. FREVE2TTS COZTTAGXOH. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
P. S. KEILrS PHARMACY, 102 Eddy.
RDTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS BA-
DflUOnLO >c<T3. bootblacks, b'ath-
houses, billiard tables,
I'tewer*. bookbinders, randy mak»n», canners,
dy»>rs. flour mills, foundries, laundri*^. paper-
hangers, printers. paint»n=. shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofer*, tannw. tailors etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Bnt«h Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento St.
1-EADUCO BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
_. . °7 e J n 2 * Post et.. Ean Franclsa* c*i.
TTrltc for circular* ifree).
*^^ Polytedinlo Busi-
J5^^*5**i2l tpis. aetl Collegre aad j
2*<ra. k te*Hrr*Ss School of Eari-
i^^ ; nf?-£^^'£Sy hrft < " !Ul TO ?d «choal I
sf^aL^ii «£?fl^\ r ' d * n S' n *erinB '^fst I
THE LYCEU/V1.
A« accrr-ditrd preparatory retool for th« »*<
J»r»:tr. l.w and medical edict.-* u, ZVii
*" "• CftAK. Ph- P.. Principe
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BocniJac «nd ii r school for roune ladle** »•>«
BttJc eirtt 212C California ttrtet win IS*
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
EAN RAFAEL. CAI,. *
Jcnlor »^hccl %ev*nte. Fall term b-rtn* *n*
!•¦ Aimiun cnosBT. p.p.. n e «^g.^
R52?J3?5g5R5J253 .1* t!:e most practical;
wpJj^XiXX^l^X roo ' Jni!;lf '' 1 <J*'- by cx-
e»jKg|5H3K2$j2S|^j i>rrt c«urt reporters.
K^BW^SJi^iii'^ t"< ¦vl fcr Catalogue.
¦niwnmi-, rn-r.j 3 382 Market St.. S. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
JKVINGTOX. California.
First term of 1903-v* b-rL-i.-. on Aurust 10.
WILLIAM WALKER AXDEKSOX. Principal.
Bitchccck Military Academy
EAN RAFAEL. CAU
WZU. KEOPKN oa Aiu-att lft.
AWlf to the PrincipalLANSING, Mich.. Aug: 27:—Gover
nor Bliss to-day honored a request Tor
the extradition of Spencer. Sutherland,
under arrest in Detroit and wanted in
California on a charge of bigamy. _
in competition wlth.the Canadian Pa
cific line and. in connection with the
Grand Trunk Pacific Railway, when
the new transcontinental system is
completed and in operation.
The plan is to operate the Pacific
fleet in conjunction with the Grand
Trunk Pacific line and to run a ser
vice from the Pacific terminals to Ja
pan, China and probably Australia.
As showing how close are the rela
tions between the railway and the
steamship . company, it Is significant
that H. >A.' Allan, who Is strongly in
favor ; of a competing .trans-Pacific
line, has accepted a position on the
board of directors of the Grand -Trunk
. Pacific Railway.
OTTAWA, Ontario, Aug. 27. — It Is
announced that the Allan Steamship
Company purposes to have a fleet of
ships operating on the Pacific Ocean,
Allan Steamship Company Announ
Intention of Running Vessels to
the Orient.
NEW FLEET WILL STRIVE
FOR TRAXS-PACIFIO TRADE
were not asked for the findings of the
autopsy, so. they did not deem It their
duty to send the result of the autopsy
to the police officials.
. The autopsy was performed on the
night of the murder and it was not
until yesterday, when the Coroner's
inquest was held,. that the startling de
velopment that the man was killed
with a bullet from a 38-caliber pistol
was made.
The police were assisted in the se
curing of the pistol by which the mur
der was committed by a young man,
whose name they refuse to divulge.
This party loaned Murphy the. cart
ridges with which the 3S-callber re
volver was loaded. Murphy filled the
chambers of the pistol in his pres
ence'and then placed the revolver un
der the seat of the wagon by the side
of the 44-caliber revolver, where it
was secured by Scherf and used in his
dastardly crime.
Captain of Detectives Martin and
the . District Attorney are much in
censed at the action of the Coroner's
employes in not making them cog
nizant of the fact that the bullet dis
covered was of 38 caliber. The men
In the Coroner's office say that they.
last night by Captain of Detectives
Martin, District Attorney Bylngton,
Detective Cody and Sergeant Lewis.
The investigation will be,, continued
this morning.
| District Attorney Byington said last
night that the two men could be
charged with concealing evidence,
which is a misdemeanor, This course
will undoubtedly be pursued .by the
police after they feel that they have
learned everything the two young'
men know. .;
At the investigation last night, when
they learned Qf Murphy's attempt to
conceal the most importait piece- of
evidence . in the case, - the deputy
rcundman was at first loth to answer
any questions. He assumed a haughty
and hurt air, but toward the end of
the questioning he was crying like a
child and telling apparently all that
he knew.
Murphy and Welntraut were sub
jected to a vigorous firs of questions
He was taken by Detective Cody and
Sergeant Lewis late last night to his
house and the missing revolver was se
cured. .Then he was returned to the
Hall of Justice and locked up. The po
lice Intended to investigate . further
Weintraut and Murphy's connection
with the crime and the subsequent col
lusion with Scherf to hide the evidence
and cover up the traces of crime.
MURPHY BREAKS DOWN.
shell from the 44-caliber gun which the
police found Murphy said that before
the murder took place he had shot at a
eea gull as they were driving on the
boundaries of Islais Creek.
When the pound wagon returned to
the pound on the night of the murder
the Back containing the dog meat,
which was daily collected by. the men
on the wagon for feeding the impound
ed animals, was emptied by one of the
attaches of the pound yard. He failed
to notice the revolver. The next day
Murphy went to the pound, secured
the weapon, unloaded it and took it to
his home.
The longest railroad In this coultry
is the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy,
which owns 7794 miles and operates
7971 miles.
Directly after the killing, when the
. three men were madly driving away
from the Bcene of the crime, they con
cealed the 28-caliber weapon in a sack
rot > dog meat which was In the
bottom of the wagon. When the police
caught Weintraut and Murphy driving
in the* wagon with Ford, who was sub
stituted as driver after the flight of
Hcherf, only one revolver was found. It
v.as the 44-caliber gun. Sergeant Lew
is, flndlng that one of the chambers
v.as empty, naturally concluded that he
had found the weapon ' that caused
Schultze'g death.
In explanation of the absence of one
deputy poundkeepers, who were with
?-cherf at the time of the murder, were
/ arrested last nlsht and their names
placed on the detinue book. Murphy
explained that there had been two pis
tols on the wagon at the time of the
murder, -one a 2S-ca!iber and the other
a 44-caliber revolver.
Arthur Murphy and Charles Welntraut,
The mystery produced by the finding
of a S8-caliber bullet in the body of the
murdered man was cleared last night.
REVOLVER IS FOUND.
for eight days. It had been given to
Murphy, said the witness, by Albert L.
Johnson cf 1572 Fifteenth street to
be cleaned. Murphy cleaned It and
placed it under the seat, but there
were never any cartridges In It so far
ej= he knew.
Scherf attended the inquest in
charge of Detective Cody. He waa not
represented by counsel and did not
•testify.
with a hammer that he held in his
hand. He did not think the blow waa
intentionally delivered. They were
two feet apart when the shot waa
fired. Schultze threw up his hands and
exclaim-d. "My God. I'm shot!"
"The last I raw of him," continued
Murphy, "he was on his stomach on
the step9 of his house and his little
girl was crying. 'Papa! Papa!' "
The revolver found by Policeman
Bates had been under the wagon seat
Deputy Poundmaster Murphy testi
fied that while the decedent Schultze
v.as Ftru^sling; in the meshes of the
dog net he struck the witness lightly
of the net pole. While Sehultz was
struss-ling to get the net off his head
*_. l l:e . witness saw. Scherf stand up la
. the wagon and fire a shot out of a re
volver. As the witness started to go
toward Scherf the ehooter said, "If
vou- come nearer you'll get it, too."
Then the two deputies jumped on the
wagon and drove rapidly away.
did not see what was going on.
*• W. F. Schultze, brother of the dead
man. testified that when his brother
jumj-ed ove» a lumber pile to seize hla
do ff before Murphy and Welntraut
< ouM capture it Murphy's net caught
Schultz's head. Murphy having hold
A new «Jetnest waa lstroduood Into
the e&se vlth refereae* to the i^eapon
•csed by Scherf. Autopsy Burgeon
. EadciLlupl extracted from the body
of the dead man what he believed to
be a 88-calIber bullet Hoveral wit
nesses yesterday^ — none of them ex
1>crta. however— examined the mlssll*
and expressed the opinion that It was
©f ra-eaUber. But the revolver found
under the seat of the wagtm was of
• 4-caHber, containing six cartridges,
one of which apparently had been re
cently discharged. Scherf and the
two deputies had driven off rapidly
Immediately after the shooting and
thervs waa ample time for the murder
er to have disposed of his own weapon
and to have substituted another.
Policeman J. D. Bates, who had
been sent to Intercept the fleeing- men.
• testified that vrhen he stopped the
•wagon several blocks away from the
«cens Bcherf was not In Eight. He
placed Deputies Murphy and Wein
traut under arrest and found between
two blankets under the seat a revolver
•of 44 caliber. One of the six cart
i rliges apparently had been freshly
* discharged.
Deputy PoundmasteT Welntraut
was not present when his name was
called as a witness and a policeman
was sent after him. The officer found
The deputy shaking with fear and hid
ing: under the counter of a candy
£tore on Fourth street- *
Weir.traut Bwore that there was no
provocation whatever for the shoot
ing.. At the time the shot was fired
. his bark was turned to Scherf and he
It Aid not require mori tJum Ions
enonsli to do the necessary writing
for the Coroner's Jury yesterday to
brine la a verdict accusing Oustave
Bcherf of tbe willful murder of Ru
dolph BchsltM at 1118 Fifth avenua.
South 8on Pran cisco on Aurort ti.
Th* testimony chowod that Scherf
stood tp In tho pound wagea and ds>
l'.beratelyehotBchultxe. whoa* bead at
th« time was entangled In a doy net.
the handle- of which was In the bands
of Deputy Poundmaat«r Arthvr Mur
phy.
Attempt to Clond the Case
Defeated by Murphy's Pro
duction of Revolver Used
.FATAL PISTOL CHANGED
a* Cold - Blooded Crime
Witnesses Swear That the
Shooting of Schnltze Was
SCHREF CHARGED
WITH MURDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904.
27
ADVEKTISE3IENTS.
te*. STOMACh La%^
: Take a dose of the Bitters before
meals and you'll enjoy them. It re-
stores the appetite and gives power
to properly digest the food. Then it
also cures Sick .Headache, Torpid
Liver, Indigestion, Constipation, Dys-
pepsia. Insomnia and Malaria.
Try a bottle.^
..."
OcOthtfony frayraat. CaoUag to tcalp. Step* ftzbloz Instantly.
TbcORKUNAL «me4y that "kOts the DondruH Ocm."
©OING"l CxOING*!! GONE!!!
x mnaK wofure it. lonctoc wu sin it. too ute fm lancae
A Ril A Itl *O \ftf I CET faallv. because daadntf!** cont*giout dl««».
f\ IVIMl^S O Wll C* -First Is Infection. th«n «f»r weeks or months dand-
It Is th« doty of some wives to patch and darn Jne ruff appears, followed by rtchtajr scalp and faitlnc
family's wearing apparel, bat when the natural hair. Newbro's Herpidte kfits the ctrm and
covering on habbv's crown wears through, it cvres every sure of this disease except chronic
shows fhat the "stitch In time" was neglected, baldness. Marvelous results follow Its «». Aa
Every wife should be "scalp Inspector" to the exquisite hair dressing.
Or«i Stores. $1.00. S«i 10c, stanm, ti HEBrTClOE CO, Dtpt H, B«tnH MWi, for r uacia.
. APPUOATIOir8 AT PBOMIJf EJT BAMI8 SHQyg.
PRAGKRS | PRAGKRS |_ PRAGKRS • ' I PRAGKRS ' | ' PRAQKR3 | PRAGKRS >- £*>
THIS annotmcement haa a twovfold purpose; the welcoming of I) Wash Goods Specials f MllliniPrV A privnk H
thoosanda of visitors of the Knights Templar Conclave to this ' - lfl/% v A f , - w - . wlUUUWy nillV "^ I
dty, and the presentation of indisputable bargain facts for both . 1 •• J | IOC a Yard tor ISC WaiStmg m j O W that oormflHnery stock I
visitors and'' residents. , » pr^o^ctT^o? They JN h « be^ *> »^ ™ fl
We wish all who read this ccrald see ior themselves the excep- |! | g mTm H if M m /H are not the ordinarv chca P» printed make this offer: For thomext I
tional valnes that will be offered In this store all this week. There is /lf%^ ©- /fe^ £f°. d9 ' h f » re . wov « n 8t "P« on pretty twQ weeks a]1 ordcrs ¦ p i ace< x fl
. • * * •/* ' • * v ' « • . ¦¦ « **-* * • ' \ m ¦ J^r v • • i iwviiicQ ciOvaif lu jTcciy ua v Yp 1.2111^ Drown, * i i
not an instance where we have overrated in the least the importance -^^—^ w ine colors. . . us for hats made to order will be ||
of these sales. I ALWAYS RELIABLE Swiss 10c fl Yard filled at special reductions. We IJ
The culmination of our great ''Expansion Sale" will be reached 1238* 1250 MARKET ST. jSJi» . , have a large corps of milliners and I]
within the next ten days in the removal of a number of departments to . , , K , K h " "^S a°nd ?Sl,?°S fffer "SS? beclusfST^s not^ B
the second floor; therefore, next week you will be rewarded with All the Shopping Inducements that, have pure white Swiss a yard wide with new ™£ °°7 -f, C^f e ? C J? °° "' I
saving opportunities better than ever. , made this Store popular ore Still here. It'Tol: dOtS ' Ct " ThC3C Ca ° season fornl^vo^enl I
Great Special Sale of Bedding, Towels and House- Sole of Guaranteed Black Taffeta Silk at Manufacturer^ I
Furnishings for Sir Knights* Visit Prices Beginning Monday I
THERE is hardly a family in San Francisco which is not preparing in some way for the " ~ '. " [J
coming of the Knights Templar. You may have an extra room to furnish in expectancy of "TT 1 O repay our customers for the inconvenience occasioned by the alterations that are now 1
some friend. It is with this in mind that we have arranged this great special sale, and no mat- JL being made in our store we have made some sweeping reductions in silks. As a great ¦
! jjter what the reason a great deal of money can be saved by purchasing useful goods at this time. "leader" we will place on sale a celebrated make of Black Taffeta Silk at the prices marked I
I g-4 BLEACHED SHEETING. , $l-»5, COMFORTER WORTH $2.50. a t the mill. |l
5I9C Notwithstanding the very high figure at which This is as good a Comforter as anybody can de- . . _ . n , , _ _ N
j 1 1VV sheetings are being sold to-day, we are selling 6 i re . j t j s satcen covered, has pure sanitary cotton 22-mch Guaranteed iJlack latteta. which we sell regu- A 27-inch Guaranteed Black Taffeta of a little better I
i i » n cx . tra S° od - heavy . SO A finished, pure white fininR and of extra large size. at 85c. may be had Monday for 63c a yard. quality, which we sell regularly at $1^5, may bo had li
9 Sheeting at a saving of 6c on every yard. rttfi qppfatt? • 24-inch Guaranteed Black Taffeta, which is now MnnHav at 98c a -rarrf tl
$ Thia same goods sells at 2sc frl .. T .. BEDSPREADS • marked at 9Sc, will be sold Monday for OOc a yard. Mon^ »t »»c » jard.
I- SHEETS. SI.45- i Thls " an ? xtI ?, g °S d -> V c lue ? { ,* J good ' 27-inch Guaranteed Black Taffeta, which is on our 36-inch Guaranteed Black Taffeta, which s^Hs rejrakrty I
I CZQC It is absolutely impossible to buy a better V . heavy, serviceable Bed Spread (made m shelves at $1.00 a yard, can be obtained Monday for at $1.65. will be placed on aaie Monday at flJ2« a B
1 sheet than this for less than 75c, the regular heavy, raised Marseilles pattern). It is regu- 75c a yar d. yard. J
S price. It is full size (81x90), and made for a Iarl y sold at $2.00. .
I double bed PILLOWS. x Wl '* a^ so 8e^ e f°" owin K at immense reductions: | j
j PILLOW CASES. * We always carry a full and complete stock of 19-inch Black Taffeta for 29c. 19-inch Peau de Soie for 50c. J
I lOC A ,, good , pllIow Ca , s J e (45X36), made of service- x»vu Bed p ino ws^ They can be depended upon to be io-inch Black Taffeta for 39c. 10-inch Black Peau de Soie for OOo. l\
j abie^shn and .old r. g u,.r, y for ,3=, or ,,so od^^^l^^^W^.h.ri .^-inch BUck Taff«» for 4» C . «-i»ch Black P« Bde Soi=, for 7 5 O. ¦ M
I We have another at I2j4c which is worth . -^Oc FOR me TOWELS 24-inch Black Pcau de Soie for 98c. H
£| fully 15c * m
i $4.q«; BLANKETS. WORTH $6.50. This is t™* oi thc greatest Towel specials ever BLACK VOILE DRESS GOODS. COLORED DRESS GOODS. U
I 1 This is an opportunity that will seldom be given, ° ffered - Thev N consist of a soft finished, hemmed Huck . . g. k y .. h - h rcKU i ar iy sells for 69c. wilL Staple colors in plain mixtures— nearly all the newest H
1 3 so if you are in need of a good wool blanket buy Towel (20x42) *••>*¦ • s J ideas are now among our stock. As specials, be- Q
1 now. It is full size, made of pure California wool }^ c * or lar Ke Turkish Bath Towels worth $2.2.1 dozen. °e on sale Monday at *uc. . ginning Monday, we offer: Si
3 to sell at $6 50. *" >c ioT ' ar K e Turkish Bath Towels worth $4.50 dozen. a 45-inch Black Voile, a very good quality, marked Homespun, in blue and gray. 10c. el
! EXTRA SPECIAL— We have a few pairs left of TABLE LINEN REMNANTS. j rcKU Iarly at 98c can be bought Monday at 60c a Homespun, in stripes, 23c. a
1 those extra fine Blankets, which are a little mussed or This is an accumulation of short lengths of table . " |? om " p }"V in Way (fine quality). 30c JS
i I soiled and that we are selling at one-third off the linens from 1% yards to 3 yards. Some are only ordi- ,: , „, . -. .. ... „ , , t nr Scotch Mixtures, 43c, 4»>c and 50c. |I
'• \ regular prices. The prices range from ?5.50 to nary quality, others are very fine, ranging in price from A 46-inch Black Voile, which we sell reeuianv ior Granite, 45-inch— different colors. 60c. >H
j 4 «*7c up. . / $i.2S, will be on our counters Monday at $1.OO» Broadcloths, colors and black, 83c, $1.OO and $1.25. El
1 Attend Great Hosiery Sale In no other store will you find such an array of new I Gre g *«*»<*** stock I
I —^~Y= 7 jl_ _ — ; Reduced v,
Wb ig ar Hn: s ery of f fan in a a nd slip fall garments at popular prices as we are showing. p ic ,> tt nt m «. % « I
sifry. We are adding interest fo this pVERY day bring, us shipments of new faU ideas. We cannot begin to tell you of the fas- S^£$^S£iK1^S£^SSS^S I
I stock by already reducing prices. I J_J cinating style of some of them. The new materials and new trimmings are decidedly novel. means much to cvery shopper— means a sarin K on the 1
i i Women's plain black Wool- Hose— good and According to the displays that are now being shown in the large Eastern fashion centers most desirable and useful of trimmings. |
j I L,DC warm f or winter wear— has natural gray foot, onion and burnt orange colors will predominate as trimmings. To-morrow (Monday) you may j i Cambric Embroid- are direct importations B
j I with^double heel and toe. This is a regular see some of these in our Suit and Coat Department. 141 stTon?, washable laSd! They comTin" I
i 0 — *v Va UC \\t ' 1 • t .. -tr a t t\ -jKgaSfi^- ottttcs jdfffm^*^ material; with prettv open-work edeincs or M
3 50C l, F i ir^ y u mCnS T? ] * ln / aSt l } rrms f or J D .y, e /^^^S SUITS. open-work edeinK; the the bliA effects and are §
4 BIa ck Cashmere Hose— has white feet with (^^^^3 ClAQC TM. Is on, of the new fall suits, and comes in T$B$&$£®t widths run from 2^ from 3T0 6 inches wide H
; double heel and tqe. is extra long and very *^F^fes *W.VD either fancy -mixtures or plain cheviots. You may l^^^|f inches to 8 inches wide: Every yard is worth at H
' elastic I have coats cither fitted or with loose backs. They ,,r.t;i r.«,,, *Vi,'. , m u«;j 1 * «- Ml
g ciabuc. , R.vt.Hrn RJKhrH T i«U W» % are collarless. have the new sleeves and beautifully tall- r* 1^* until now this embroid- least 25c
3 9~~ Ci nn S° j u Klch . elie « Klbb . cd f 1 -; lsIe *\$, f . ored skirts, in walking length. Is. gi cry sold at 20c a yard. « P All of our newest 3
Trtl^ nl iJll Thread Hose; fast Hermsdorf dve; vLJr • V J& '- t*SP *nA K»«f ml »« K
i\ji. , fi eauze Riack Hos« with v tiA h*l ™ H is thc P r!ce we have marked for one of our M&SRg) A a Yard— This is the i DL» ,• • ti
'- A™Y.\~ i,o^1 ,ni ?«.. • 1 1 • h J} f- ' V ! -P 10 ' 43 new fall suits which could be aa readily sold at llC same as the abrvve plique Tnrmnmsr. 0
I; double heel and toe this has an elastic prarter J22.B0 and still be a bargain. It is made of fancy y 4&?tez£@&&s K "I i t a ™ e " ,7 beantiful colors and all S
j hemmed at the top; they are sn d regularly at /Vv v 45 J ftjS^Mv \ Worsteds. Coverts, Cheviots, etc. Jackets are either nt- /WRtmBsW^L item, except the , . . .t,-,*.. *a Wi
H r OC 'i pair i /> " : >f^-- = X\. \ ted or loose back with strap. They have pleated fronts U^°fS&*^ \\ widths are narrower. It \\ latest snaaes and BJ
' ; r-uu > ' I? * T3» 1 t • 1 c • 1. j t. * I'l f- \\ \ I and new sleeves; either satin or taffeta lined. The skirts J^ UJKv is well worth I a yard patterns. We Hare al- |]
i 25C Chlldrens Fast Black Lisle finished hose; extra /,/ | • : A \ are nine-gore pleated. «'* >Jtt7^¥V ' ways sold them from W
j long and elastic; has double spliced heel, toes I, „,//,: I \\u . \ \ and S24 . 95 _ Is all we ask for new fall sult8> of whlch \ j yiUIrm 17/^ I Y « d -Swiss Em- $100 to $i..so a yard. |
! ;| and knees; this is an extra good value at 25c. I "J Hjfl| : - 1/ • \\\ * Vf *' D there are over fifteen different styles to make your |\ / lfl-^\?m 11 C Droider y °. f the This immense reduction I
i 3 »^^.g> <¦ y«^»^H%^T^ v f> ¦ ¦ r X ¦• / S Tt\\ ¦ \ ' '• \V\ selection from. Among them you will find medium and I J Jm \. i\\\ ¦ ¦ very finest kind and being made for this Ex- Fl
! FOR VISITORS-Complete line Of Call- IJ 1\ | \ l\\\ gort -ats^blouses. \ I /aintiest patterns. They pansfonsale. |
! t iOmia and San FranClSCO nOVeltieS and /////k ilm : V ; .M mannish mixtures. Coverts, Cheviots, Broadcloths, etc. I 1 W&r !j \A '1
I I views now op. sale. (li^*- ' - [ F coats. " /f I | g | Men's Handkerchiefs It
i l ¥% ju A! \^ -"K!B ': :. T S6 25 T Ms ls f ? r JM neT T, "?, utc i 1 *C Co l ts> * m^w e of fl^ e K \ 7 C- For a white and colored border Handkerchief; U
M Basement* News ; Y^OT ;i !& aVe^riyT 0 %Vi%o satln^ I C4w 5c n^ el f«% siz %7^^tfini S h. th at larl3? a
M „ : . , . ., ,_ ,_, J f, Wpf. ill \ «7QC Tourist Coats, which are "th« thing" for this fall \ W&T sells for 8c; 6 for -oc for Monday only. £
' ! MOneV-SaVinSC ODSCialS 111 HOUSehOld and r SB ] \ : \ 1 < l ' i7J and winter. They are 42 inches lone and made of / \ *^J» . JB
i "* v " p / oMvtM 5 vj^w^ma n» iwu^uu.m mivi /, ij v ,, V the swell mannish mixtures. They are without collars. Ill ( \ V \»m YftM Will TS/ovor. Havo a Ctmil^iv PK^n^ W
1 ' r/; + .L on TTfoTic'ile I 7/ ! ¦ I double-breastod. an«l have new full Bleeves. As a fall K\\ : \; l\\\i\- I OU YYUl fMeVer riaVe 3 OimiiQT fl
B K ruoCneil VienbllS \m \ : • , opening: price we have marked them at $7.95. They are . fill \ \\\\ \m\\\\i 1 «^ "ZZ *~~ZL Z~ZZZ . . 9
mm _ m^ _ CT , — : : : , \wh \\ \ \ -\ easily worth $12.50. • \r** ! M \i • \\\\\\ lO iflVe MOlieV Oil BOVV ClOthlTIG?
* ' H HESE reductions are absolutely correct, [// I | • • i ') M,/|: : 1 \\\l «u\\\! g p * lvril *J »"'«wiya v^iuuung y-j
5 % as an inspection of the different articles // 1 i , | !"¦ ¦)!',. FINAL SHIRT WAIST CLEAN-UP. l |/|( \ \ u> \\\\ \\ ' HP HESE are busy times in our Juvenile Depart- |j
: A will show W 1 : : I ' ' Tou can now buy any of .our Shirt T^^aists at Just half Jl \\L ViU Y 1 ment. We are making every effort to clear oat if
; SIfto M« Q,L. f , m ,l,r nrir,. ti ,- Siii \\ : IM their former prices. Note these reductions: ;, \UjSA ollr cntire stPck preparatory to moving U1>-U
\ M^M saBsssgsft js^sstsss&t UXJ^M Sji; 1
I 4Bo-sieevc irins; Wuiar value SS c. " j Special Sale Women^s Wash CoMars I "Merode" Underwear for Women wc know the pri gAiSSw <;um 1
? 2oc — Wash Boards; regular price 35c. - — * : : — — — , oAlLUK bUUb. ''.^- y
1; :JSc — Rinsing Pans; reduced from 60c. I These collars are positively the newest shown r , T\ ft ERODE" stands for the very best in Under- (J»^ ir Boys new style Sailor Suits, trimmed very »
33c — Lipped Sauce Pan; always sold at 45c, among: the advanced fall styles. The materials are ex- I VI wear; contains the very best material, either pre"«ly- The materials used are all wool fj
; * 8c— Dust Pan; reduced from 15c. • cellent and the prices the lowest. , cotton or wool; is made by the very best v v serges and tweeds, and every garment is Fj
! 21c— Parlor Duster; always sold at 35c. >|YV» Cfn/«lr O *~ workmen, and has the very best finish. It is the best worth $5.00, and in many instance* considerably M
{ 2Zc— Brooms, thc regular price of which is 15c. •rxfC QlOCK VAJliarS 6 JC that the world's market produces. ;; • more.. , . c m -t II
I 4c a dozcn for Trunks' rtRU ' ir ' v s °' d " t C °T? -T .™ 6 t UhJ s?T?" t °K dit " «»«»S"- ' c^S^SSiSS"^ $3 45 «S* ™^Sj,™u*S3. SSafeJS |
I *!«.=.'. procure, . J^W for ,8-inch Hard- f^M^l^'ttT^ " O T ;gS ". white! SSZ+rSSt T&S~& n^T^A £?&&*ffi .^VYoV ffij [
3 lock and steel bumper w ood Trunk s '^ str ' n 2 *tie down the black trimminK, and some Cream medium weight Cream, Silk and Cotton - . KNEE TROUSERS. N
J brassed over and straps " ' front and are this season's are altogether white. They cotton, 5Oc. garment. Suits, high neck, long A will rive you your selection of a limited *1
that regularly sells for $«.-.* for 32-inch Hard- latest novelty. Shown now can he had now for 25c, Black medium weight cot- sleeves, ankle length |Uf» number of very excellently made boys' knee
$11-25. wood Trunk. for tbe first time. There but are a regular 40c value. ton, 65c garment. - r suit, $2.^,5. 1/W trousers> This is very special ' 0preaching; evening, "The Significance
of the Insignificant." Pastor, Rev. E.
F. Brown.
Central M. E. Church — Evening, "A
Twentieth Century Christian." Pas
tor, Rev. George W. White.
Epworth M. E. Church — Morning,
"The Good Old Way"; evening, "A
Father's Just Claim." Pastor, Rev.
F. A. Keast.
First English Lutheran Church —
Morning, "From Jericho to Jerusa
lem"; evening, "The Blunder of the
Builders." Pastor, Rev. E. Nelander.
West Side Christian Church — Morn
ing, "Christ's Invitation and the
World's Reception"; evening-, "The
New Testament Application of the
Morning Sermon in a Person." Pas
tor, Rev. William M. White.
Good Samaritan Sunday will be ob
served at the Cathedral Mission of the
Good Samaritan by special services.
The new organ which has lately been
installed will be used for the first
It's the hi^h-fller who Is apt to coxn«
down with the proverbial dull, sicken
ing thud.
E. WVGunther, charged with an at
tempt to bribe Juror Kelly in the case
of Xg Luen, charged with murder in
Judge I«iwlor's court, appeared yes
teiday for arraignment. Judge Law
lor announced that Judge A. G. Bur
nett of Santa Rosa would preside in
his court during the trial of the case
and at the request of Attorney Short
ridge for the- defendant the arraign
ment was continued for a week. Judge
Jndgc Burnett Will Preside.
The glow of th« rising nun la a gtlt *ig* «»
the horizon — a promise of power and purl tr. at
In the brand "Old Gilt Edge" on whiskey.
Wholesale 20-'UBattery.'WJchinan.Lutsen*Co.*
To-day the retail fruit dealers of
San Francisco will hold a picnic at
Schuetzen Park, San Jose, to cele
brate the third anniversary of the or
ganization. The number of retail deal
ers now on the rolls of the organiza
tion Is nearly 1000, and together with.
their families will make a large party
journeying to the grounds. The of
ficers are- President. Frank Galli; vice
president! Charles J. Witt; treasurer.
J. del Carlo; secretary. John L. Po
llto.
Retail Fruit Dealers* Picnic.
time. Professor Holt will preside as
organist. A programme of select
music will be given.
Richmond Methodist will observe
its fifth anniversary with special ser
vices. The pastor, Rev. Thomas Fil
bert, will address the evening meet
ing.
Father John Forhan will preach at
the 10:30 o'clock service this morning
in St. Ignatius Church. In the even
ing Father Edward Allen will preach.
Burnett occupied a seat on the bench
beside Judge Lawlor.
A Sunderland man died of heart fail
ure,' caused by suddenly arising from
bed. A medical witness at the inquest
said there was no more common cause
of fainting than getting up in aShurry.
Chatfleld & Vinzent report the fol
lowing sales of country lands: A
tract of 318 acres, eleven miles from
Wheatland, for Clarence B. Call to
Albert R. Wilson for $9540; for B. T.
Alexander to C. F. Miller, 716 acres
in Glenn County for $14,520; eighteen
acres of orchard and vine land near
Santa Rosa for C. A. Winder to A. R.
Richards for $3600; 23 acres of im
proved land in Santa Clara County,
near Mountain View, for W. T. Fel
lows to B. T. Arnold for $4600; also
lots in the Barber tract and improved
properties at Ross Valley.
Sage, Dealey & Co. have taken a
lease of the entire building at 638
Market street, formerly partly occu
pied by Easton, Eldridge & Co., and
w.111 there conduct a real estate busi
ness, including house renting and in
surance. The members of the new
firm are O. G. Sage, who has been
connected thirty years with the firm of
Baker & Hamilton and recently the
manager for that firm in Sacramento,
and George L. Dealey. who had
charge of the city real estate depart
ment of the business of Easton, Eld
ridge & Co. and also has acted as real
estate auctioneer for Easton, Eldridge
& Co. Both members of the firm are
well known.
COUNTRY LANDS.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales: Lots 25x120 feet on the. west
line of Forty-fifth avenue, 250 feet
south of II street, to E. A. Anderson;
50x100 feet on the northwest line of
Edinburgh street, 175 feet northeast
of France, to M. C. Love; 25x120 feet
on the west line of Forty-sixth avenue,
175 feet north of I street, to Z. T.
Whitten; 25x120 feet on the west line
of Forty-seventh: avenue, 175 feet
south of L street, to D. and F.
Swickard; 25x120 feet on the west line
of Forty-seventh" avenue, 275 feet
north of L street, to C. E. Smith; 25x
120 feet on the west line of Forty
sixth avenue, 150 feet north of I
street, to D. Sager; 25x120 feet on the
west line of Forty-sixth avenue, 125
feet north of I'street, to A. A. O'Brien;
25x100 feet on the north line of Cal
ifornia street. 107:6 feet west of
Twenty-second avenue, to J. T. Fried
erick; 75x125 feet on the south line of
Montana street, 325 feet west of Plym
outh avenue, with improvements, to
A. Bensinger; 25x120 feet on the east
line of Forty-ninth avenue, 237:6 feet
south of K street, to T. A. Keogh;
32:6x120 feet on the southeast corner
of Forty-fourth avenue and L street
to M. Busch; 50x120 feet on the
southwest corner' of Forty-seventh
avenue and L street, to M. M. Jones.
the two additions. Rivers Bros, will
construct cottages and sell thsm on
installments.
Cnnteras.
AH styles — lowest prices. Everything
photographic. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
N. J.
California-street M. E. Church —
Morning, "Unconscious Immortality";
evening, "Sight and Insight." Pastor,
Rev. Clarence Reed.
First M. E. Church — Morning,
Variety of Topics Touching on Im
portant Matters Will Be Dis
cussed by Preachers.
The following services will be • held
at the churches to-day:
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church-
Morning, "The Uses of Unhappiness";
evening, "Choosing a Vocation." Pas
tor, Rev. John Stephens.
Grace M. E. Church — Morning,
"The Attraction of Goodness"; even
ing, "The Appeal to Prejudice." Pas
tor, Rev. F. M. Larkin.
Trinity M. E. Church — Preaching
by Clarence True Wilson of Newark,
PASTORS ANNOUNCE THEMES
OF SERMONS FO It TO-DAY
At the close of the meeting inven
tors gave an illustration of killing
rats by electricity.^
Dr. Hassler stated that since 1903
more than $40,000 has been spent in
cleaning Chinatown. He said that six
months had passed and not a case of
contagion was fyund. He advised
greater care during the coming
months because of;-the arrival of hun
dreds of Chinese 'from the northern
fisheries. Surgeori Cumming of the
Federal quarantine service announced
that every boat would be examined
and the baggage fumigated. A cen
sus of all arrivals will also be taken.
The Merchants' Association was
tendered a vote of thanks for its cour
tesy in voting a sum of money for the
Public Health Commission.
On motion of Dr. James W. Ward,
president of the local Board of Health,
a committee was appointed to investi
gate the private crematories with a
view of stopping the burning of gar
bage. President Rupert Blue, M. D.,
appointed Drs. Hassler, O'Neil, Trot
ter and Currie and directed them to
report at the next meeting.
Secretary Louis I^evy was directed
to write to Washington and gather
data about the proposed national lep
ersarium to be placed on the island of
Molokai, Hawaiian Islands. The Ha
waalan Government desires the United
States to relieve it from paying for
the care of the unfortunates on the
island of. Molokai and has asked the
Public Health Commission to assist it
in securing necessary funds.
It developed during the reports of
the medical inspectors in Chinatown
that the rats of thjit district were fast
disappearing by reason of the poison
being spread over that quarter. One
inspector created surprise when he
stated that the rats were growing fat
on the poisoned corn meal. Orders
were issued to change the rodents'
diet to phosphorlzed cheese.
At a meeting of the Public Health
Commission of California, held yes
terday in the rooms of the United
States Public Health and Marine Hos
pital Service, A. Sbarboro, a member
of the organization, called attention to
the fact that private corporations
were burning garbage in San Fran
cisco, despite the fact that there was
an ordinance in effect that requires
all garbage to be sent to the reduction
works. He stated that the garbage
men are supposedly bringing paper to
private crematoria?, but inside the pa
per* is garbage of every .description.
Dr. Hassler, • chief inspecting physi
cian of the Board of Health, stated
that as many as forty arrests a month
had been made, but in almost every
instance the Police Judges had al
lowed the guilty persons to go with a
nominal fine or a reprimand.
Inspectors Find Not One
Case of Contagious Sick
ness in Last Six Months
CHINATOWN SANITARY
Through the agency of G. H. Umb
pen & Co. the following sales have
b*en made: For Bertha. Spitz, 50x80
feet and improvements at 469 to 473
Fourth street, for $24,000; lot 82:6x
137:«, with stores, on the north line
of Greenwich street, between Baker
end Lyon. for L. M. Hoeffler, $12,500;
f0x205 feel on the northeast line of
Eleventh street. 250 feet southeast of
Folsom. for the J. Lyons estate, $11,
150: the south^aM corner of Twenty
fourth and Douglass streets. 25x90,
for Maria Engisch, $1475; 2Sx72 feet
end improvements on the north line
of C street, 26 feet east of Ninth ave
nue, for M. Siminoff, $5000; 25x120
feet and improvements on the east
line of Eighth avenue, 120 feet north
of B street, for C. S. Osborn, $4 250;
The estate of Marie E. Luchslnger
and John Luchslnger baa sold to Wil
liam Wolfsohn the routh corner of
Mission and Tenth streets, 146x102
feet, for $56,500.
The p^neral condition* obtaining in
the local realty market are about the
fame as for the last few weeks. Busi
ness men are showing confidence in
ihe continuation of business prosper
ity by leasing properties for terms of
>*ars at large aggregate rentals.
Transactions that would have been
thought large a few years ago are
quite common and attract little notice.
A steady advance in values Is marked,
for which the" growth In population
*nd a consequently augmenting vol
ume of trade furnish adequate reason.
New office buildings of the modern
type are rented easily. The construc
tion of flats and apartment houses
•supplies evidences of the drift of pub
lic opinion in another direction. Some
of the transactions that have Just been
reported as of recent date by the real
estate brokers are given herewith.
RETURNS DY BROKERS.
i Oscar Herman will build a cottage
( on Merritt street, west of Hattie. He
; reports the following sales: Four lots
; 2 r ixl20 feet each on the west side of
I Twenty-sixth avenue, 200 feet south
! of West Clay street, $3600; lot on the
j west line of Noe street, 50 feet south
I of Twenty-first, $1000; the northwest
! corner of San Bruno and Burrows
.streets. 50x90 feet, for $1050; lot 50x
: 120, with four-room and bath cottage,
! on the cast line of Girard street, 98
feet north of Burrows. $2100.
! Baldwin & Howell report the pur
| chase of 125 lots by Rivers Bros, in
I the Castro-street Addition and Glen
| Park terrace on private terms. The
| purchase disposes of all the remaining
lots. owned by Baldwin &. Howell in
Davidson & Leigh report the follow
ing leases recently made: Mrs. Eliza
bPth Strother to Presidio Canning Com
pany, warehouse at the northwest cor
ner of Sansome street and Broadway,
137:6x137:6 feet, for ten years for a total
rental of $40,000; Mrs. L. Muirhead to
Singer Sewing Machine Company, store
at l£80 Market street, three years, for
$9000; A. P. Hotaling & Co. to C. Nau
mann & Co., stores at 400 and 402 San
pome street, three years,* for $7000; John
Procter to Brilliant Furniture Com
pany, rooming-house of fifty rooms on
north side of O'Farrell street, 40 feet
east of Jones, for five years, $21,500;
Mrs. L. Muirhead to Adolph Frank,
store at 1578 Market street, for three
years, for $9000; R. H. Head to Chan
quet Bros., store on the northwest cor
ner of Grant and Union Square ave
nues, two years, for $7200; Whitcomb
estate to Neville & Co., five-story and
basement new warehouse, 60x137:6 feet,
on the southeast corner of Pacific and
Davis -streets, for ten years, at $78,000;
O. C. Pratt to Thomas Morton, vacant
fifty vara at northwest corner of Spear
and Howard streets, two years, for
$C000; O. C. Pratt to E. A. Howard &
Co., fifty-vara lot on east side of Spear
Etreet, between Mission and Howard,
two years, for $4800.
One-sixth interest in the property on
the south line of California street,
137:6 feet west of Scott, and other
properties belonging to the estate of
Simon Bradbury have been bought by
the' Bradbury Estate Company for
$59,600.
The building contracts of the last
week represent the total value "of
$506, 668 96.
A two-story, basement and attic
building will be constructed for the
Dominican order on the southeast cor
ner of Pierce and Pine streets.
William McCormick will erect, an
eight-story and basement structure on
the north line of Turk street, near
Market.
A. Mack will erect a three-story
residence to cost $20,000 pn the north
line of Pacific avenue, east of Scott
street.
GOOD SIZED LEASES.
The following sales are reported by
Bovee, Toy & Co.: Outside lands block
bounded by Forty-seventh avenue,
Ocean boulevard and S and T streets,
for $18,000; southeast corner of Cole and
Grove streets, £2x100 feet, with eight
room residence, to M. A. Moldenhauer,
for $7000; northeast corner of California
street and Twentieth avenue, 29x120*
feet, for $1000; northeast corner of Lake
street and Eighteenth avenue, 57:6x100
feet, for $2500; 20x60 feet, with two flats
renting for $20 a month, at 14 Allen
street, to William Musso, for $1450; 25x
206:10 feet on the south line of Grove ;
street, 162:6 feet west of Clayton, from
the Matthews estate to C. Siverson, for
$2000: lot in the block north of Lake
street, between Twentieth and Twenty
first avenues, $800, and a lot on the
west line of Water street, 86 leet north
of Richmond, Sausalito, 34x100 feet,
from John Story to Marie Louise
Dougherty, for $&00.
Speck & Co. have made a number of
Important sales in the past few days,
as follows: Property on the south line
of Turk street, 137:6x137:6 feet, 137:6
feet west of Larkin. with two buildings
containing flats, for $170,000, to L. H.
Sly; 45:10x137:6 feet and five-story and
basement brick building on the south
east line of Market street, 45:10 feet
northeast of Main, for Mrs. Charlotte
Clark, for $135,000; 27x6x120 feet on the
south line of Ellis Btreet, 137:6 feet west
of Larkin and running through to rear
Btreet, with frame buildings, for John
Speck, for $18,000; for Mrs. Mary J.
Whitehead to a client, 70x5S feet on the
north line of Pacific avenue, 150 feet
west of Lyon street, for $14,500; 27:8V4x
99:11 feet and two flats on the east line
of Presidio avenue. 100 feet north of
Sacramento street, for F. J. McGHnchey
to Alexander Bond, for $5600.
J. J. Moore has bought the southeast
corner of Sacramento and Battery
streets, 45:10x45:10 feet, with improve
ments, for $39,000.
Clients of Speck & Co. have bought
from William J. Dingee, administrator
of the Alvinza Hayward estate, the
southeast corner of Sixth avenue and C
street, 143x250 feet, for $10,000, and the
northeast corner of Fulton street and
Fifth avenue, 82x100 feet, for $S500.
'the northeast corner of Twentieth and
Missouri streets, 100x100, with im
provement?, for the J. Phelan estate,
542G0; uOxSO feet and improvements
et 720 Xatoma street, for the John
Lyons estate, $4025; 20x15 feet and
improvements at 4 2 Langton street,
for J. J. Lerman, 54150; 34x101 feet
on the east line of Devisadero street,
68:9 feet south of Union, for John H.
Saunders, $3850; 34:4%xl20 feet and
Improvements on the south line of
Greenwich street, between Fillmore
and Steiner, for Richard C. Malone,
$3009; 25x75 feet and improvements
at 237 Langton street for John Delli
monica, $3000; 22:6x112:6 feet and
improvements at 126 Dorland street
for G. A. Rapp, $1700; 50x120 feet on
the T.-est line of Twelfth avenue, 100
feet south of Lake, for F. G. Stallman,
$1500; 26x137 and Improvements at
312 Filbert street'Jor H. Miller, $1025;
for James Caugrhill, lot on the north
line of Point Lobos avenue, SO feet
west of Cook street, $800.
Benjamin H. Lichtenstein has
bought from the William Ede Com
pany the southwest corner of Powell
and Ellis streets, 48x75 feet, with a
five-story building- for $255,000 a-nd
ha« sold to Louis Friedlander and J.
K. Houston 55x77:6 feet on the north
line of O'Farrell street, 27:6 feet east
of Powell, adjoining: Fischer's, with
frame improvements, for $150,000. j
SOME IMPORTANT SALES.
Public Health Commission
to Investigate Operations
of Private Crematories
Many Leases Are Reported at Prices Affording
Owners Good Returns on Business Properties
and Deals of Respectable Size Are Effected
GARBAGE LAW
IS VIOLATED
CONDITIONS THAT AFFECT
REALTY REMAIN STATIONARY
THE SAM KKANC1SCU CALU, SUNDAY. AUGUST 28. 190f.
28
¦ ADVKUTISKMKXTS.
t Doctors Ssiy /& 0 m.
7 -DrinK. More 3
£ The body requires ten glasses of^fr'^^^^Sf
|| fluid per day. Most people drink too little to M
<XJ flush the body of its waste. The result is bad y,
V blood, nervousness, disease. //
J j Then the doctor says "Drink More;" and he (I
J£ •''-¦'¦¦ knows ; thl s advice to be worth . more than tir
HI That's one reason why pure beer is good for you. 3
It leads you to drink more. And the beer is I 9'
ika alsqa food and a tonic. But'the beer must be pure.
IW Schlitz beer is brewed in absolute cleanliness and M
\( cooled in filtered air. It is aged for months ]9
V so it will not cause biliousness. /(
W T Brewe^Bo^M 8 "* " SchlitZ '" Ask % the
t Los Antcles -SHERWOOD &. SHERWOOD-San Francisco- Sf=S
pie Beer That Made Milwaukee famous. H
ADVEKT1SEMEXTS.
I
A mother of a Inrge family, especially
the mother who does her own nursing,
looking after her children, dressing
them, sotting them rfady for school,
nursing them when pick, and at the same
time attending to her household duties —
such a woman is heavily burdened, and
most of them break down under the
"strain. When I went to the Electro-
<Jhemic Institute for treatment I felt that
I was about worn out. Medical treat-
ment did not reach my trouble. My
Mood was weak. My h^-art was weak,
:ny circulation was poor. I had no ap-
Itetitt- and the little food I did eat gave
m« no strength. I had a severe pain in
mv ba<-k and also ii|*the lower abdomen.
My liver and l>ow«-l!^jfrould not art at all
ar.ci I had catarrh very badly. I was
lired of swallowing medu-ines that did
mo no good, ar.d as the Elect ro-Chemic
tieatm^nt was highly recommended to me
1 decided to take it. and like no many
others I nm plnd ihat I did so. I have
decided to publicly recommend it to
Others, especially to the suffering ,wo-
m«-n who. like I was, are worn out.
My name is Mrs. Lila Kelson and I
live at I'Sil* Otis street. Berkeley. Any
one who would like to know more about
tnv successful treatment by Klectro-
Ohemistry is at liberty to call upon me.
Here is another name added to the
long list of wonderful cures by Electro-
Chemistry in serious diseases of women.
FW tro-Chemistry restores health and
ptrength to wornont women, no matter
what rray have caused the decline. It
does- so because every org-an ln the body
4 .f sir*-npthened. Every organ is made to
<\'< itn work normally. The blood is pu-
rified aiid built up by the oxygen that is
placed into it. nnd the wonderful effects
of Elcctro-Chemistry are *}uick and per-
manent and the expense H little. Con-
sultation and examination is free to all
B'jfferers. This flee Electro-Chemic X-
Rav Examination is the most reliable
that any sufferer, man or woman, can
hav*»rfiTiait is as free, as air to all. The
fume of the Klectro-Chcmic Institute of
San Francisco is spreading. These r< »:
marlcable c.;res are talked of all over the
\Ve*t.
Two patients from Illinois were dis-
charged last week perfect!}- cured, and
hith are now at home well" and happy.
One was cured of a serious catarrh of
the lungs, called consumption by the pa-
tient's home physician, and the other
cas* was deafne-pn and ear noises.
In a short time the testimonial of a
r'U'sScian from Mississippi, cured of
cancer, will be published. Very soon the
testimonial of a well-known San Fran-
<!sco lady, who hsd b»en told that she
had galloping consumption, will be pub-
lished. Cured by Electro-Chemistry
<j'j?«.-kly and cheaply.
There ?re hundreds of sufferers, living
in the country, who should take advan-
tage of the low railroad rates for the
Knights Templar Conclave, to come for
a free, personal Electro-Chemic X-Ray
Examination.
The majority of such patients can re-
turn home the same day, taking the
home course of Electro-Chemistry with
them, if they desire to do po. The Elec-
tro-Chemic treatment is the most suc-
cessful, the latest and most scientific
treatment in Consumption, Catarrh.
Asthma. Bronchitis, Deafness, Running
Kars. P.nir.ful Ears. Ringing Head and
l>r Noises. Rheumatism. Stiff Joints
Pain in Ba^k and Kidneys, Xeuralgia
Dizziness. Falling Sickness. I,ocomotor
A1?xia. Paralysis. Piles. Fistula. Diar-
rhoea. I'onatipation. Stomach. Liver and
Bowel Diseases. Brights Disease, Dia-
betes, Inflammation of the Bladder, Pros-
tRtic Disease. Stricture. Contracted Dis-
orders. Specific Blood Contagion, Eczema
Ho'ls. Pimples, Ulcers, Enlarged and
Painful Glands. Goitre. Nervous Debil-
ity. Insomnia. Night Restlessness Bad
Dreams. Night Horrors, Nerve Exhaus-
tion. MttSCtacr j;ncl Physical Weakness
t'nnatur.il Weakness in the Aged. Spp-
o:.t1 Diseases of Women — Irregularities,
Tumors. Displaced Organs — Painful Pe-
riods. Barrenness, etc. — all these serious
diseases are quickly, permanently and
cheaply cured by Electro-Chemistry.
Thofcr who cannot visit the Institute for
examination should write for liomo ex-
nmhiation end treatment. A complete
Klectro-Chemie apparatus Js loaned free
of charge to outside patients. There are
private jind retired apartments for ladies
and gentlemen. Everything is quiet and
pleasant. The Electro-Chemie treatment
is painless — uuite n number of babies are
*»w taking it and getting well — children
«>f «1I f.gts take it without a murmur.
Tfc» office boor* are from 9 to 5 and 7 to
% dai);\ f-nd from JO to J on Sunday*.
Thf lil-otro-Chfcmif Institute in the
pUcf. Don't forget the name, and It is
iocr.ted at lis Umnt avenue, corner of 1
Test itreet. San Francisco.; »
..'- •'..•...A,.-.-,'-. __:' -u...v-.--r--' i^ . ADVERTISEMENTS. — ~_
¦¦'¦¦ *>jife^ I" WE CREDIT YOU tr -^- L
lY/ffiSn^sw Tour promise to pay will securp the furnishings for a hot^l or will purchase an armchair or jj «KJ£ ¦= ] f[
/l/lP^^i^r^Si B 1 orld bed or bureau. ".' -¦ / r N^S.X I A
/AvwiisSj A/ MK\ MUCH O£ 1.ITTI.E. LARGE OB SMALL, your promise to pay passes as lesal tender hfr*. // , , - ' 1 \\
-. // Vv^SoSl jr/\\. Terms that no other dealers can make. Prices that no other dealers will maKe. ygp 'H
H ' ¦ «
H PLEASING BUREAU, THE BOX COUCH, DAVEOTOBT FOLDING PABJ.OB TABLE, CHIPrOWIEB, Stf.75-
i S0.7o. SD.OO. BED ' S31>.<H>- * 82 25. And you can buy it just
Ef . . £ Did you ever see one of these ©—.-¦£>. J .
¦ And not a skimpy one by any One of the handiest pieces of luxurious Davenports? They are Looks the four-dollar kind as you can buy the bureau.
B means; top measures 42 Inches furniture to be had— fills so many beautifully upholstered, the frames "*"" Ine Iour ao " V . « fc
I across. The mirror is a French requirements — always a comfort- are richly carved and polished Round top, 24 Inches across. The ?I aown ana ;?i a wcrs.
1 C0U fS?-. I S? k^5. II SS y w C £S: sXbf A£a° n Ld W nV™: top '• •"«««»«- * * *-* Lar SC A2 inches in j height.
EM the -price. Oolden oak finish and you have a box couch it's like ceptacle for bfddint. extends the beaded band, adds a great deal to five commodious drawers;
I t t-o PiC^u S^ k Up r ho t n h e ed o^?s cov'erSfare in^.^o^Io^ " 3 «"* **• "* *™<> *» ?«™" *> late mirr ° r « ***** \
M accepted. denim. —rich as you'd wish for. warpin*. Golden oak finish only, inches.
U NO MAIL OR TELEPHONE ORDERS ACCEPTED—
I n t 'if'*.CV ? ";iift'i "* ' * ¦ > , _ \
1 ]\i' ! iW^%?^|S^ ""^^^^^^S^ A New Model 'IlNfe &P T 1 .^i'l
M *>»i! ill 'III i Ml I&W/ <4d^N ¦ First- pv . er - v nickel part is detachable; lifts off. Saves a lot of work , {'i'lfi'/'/'f 1 ' l '' j^ ..,."'. !|-
a I I \\\ ill lii i™ m''.l[ )K Ifr 5 ¦' ° Ven Rake ~ Draws everything to the front of th^ oven without burnt H | £i!iiL__ Hfl^ifi^B'iH ''•
H 1 ' ij) -V^wfflr^f "fl j'/ /aP^- Same small fire box and perfect oven. Improved ovt-n thermometer. ' h^r — "' '
gi "~ ~" || -_ ' '7^*5*^' ¦ '1 , ! UJljJ^Cv 1 Thou, best of all, a new Gas Attachment. f ' " - "A
Eg ~ II _lll '-. V'tRrwTr Btirns coal or sra«, or burns both at the same time. ~ ~~~ZTZZ "V-
M » I I "1. '_ir *Z- 2sJ You'll pronounce it the most perfect range you ever saw in your life. ** ¦ — "^^ A(
| f!.JZI 1~ $1.00 a Week Buys it*, Same as Before m „, -w%
M PRETTY T.AmPR'nre* J COMBINATION BOOK CASE AXTO
!B rfl£m LADIES' J>ES&, "^^^^^ —^^^bmb. __-_ « 'a
B SCREENS, $ I ..-,O 87.75. K1CKEI. TEA « r, 12-IHCH GAS T .,.-.•,. n «.,. .„*
m Three folds. «6 Com«» in golden O» COFPEE J*±. XT. OVERS *1 '»"» Low as the P? c » '¦• n 9 * w«ll-made ind
Kg inches In height. oak or mahocanlzed POTS 'tfif *S5h> wj «» „ \~ ' ,*"T well-finished desk.
E3 Oak frames and silk birch. Pay $1 down lloM, three pint* S&SSM />^*i§S T=S53?=— i M * de ° f po J lsh * (1 L° w as th <* ? rir \ *"; yoU , C , an hu ''. U on
3 oline filler in every and $1 a week if you heavy lv,p£r bo?l MF «3T 1 1 if Xtfi&*t **&Klf^^\ !}**• on<? ," f the Sfrltngr easy terms-$l down. $1 a week.
m P^tty shade. choose to m, and ll" In- $h%$ Wli ft 'W\V. ffelT-T^r 7^] manufa i turP ComM ln * o!den oak firK?h only "
1 No mail or telephone orders accepted «*? ' "» -^-d. $J|| W fi'M :^^g|Ty ?n« door^ are° a*r- No mart or telephone orders accepted
P WEATEEBED^OAK^EXTENSION rlIT ** * EirAMELED CSXB. SG.oO.
m Rles. The top Is double, over 2>* Inches thick. BW** 4X4L «a«l| *^ Measures 60 Inches' len* and .°,(>' inches wide*.
H blx-foot size only. V* 4B\*bk /&< 61 AIDankflM«BM JflL Bn.Hl ji Timirr.- with a stout, closely woven wire mat-
I Pay S 1.00 t Do™ S1.00 * Week. i||VQ Bffl H©Wb^ ©PPOSi¥E '^ '^ """ ™ *' '' V "
y No mail or telephone orders accepted $3$$'$5&<i8P M No mail or telephone orders acceptedterest in real estate, appointed a re
ceiver to sell portions of the communi
ty property, provided for the educa
tion, support and custody of the issue
of the marriage, and for the payment
of alimony, costs and the like. ;
"The latter features of the decree
were unassailable. No cause has been
shown and no power exists, in my
opinion, to set aside such provisions,
for while the court erred in absolutely
divorcing these parties it did not err
in making: the provisions last referred
to. In the latter respect the judgment
is, in my opinion, good.
"The motion, therefore, addressed,
as it is. to the decree as ' ari entirety,
must be denied and it is so ordered."
The twentieth session of the Grand
Council of the Pacific jurisdiction of the
Young Men's Institute, that closed with
the entertainment and reception ten
dered the grand officers and delegates at
the Alhambra Theater Friday evening,
was one of the most successful and
profitable sessions ever held. The citi
zens of Crockett and of the county seat,
Martinez, extended every courtesy to
their guests of the week, and those who
v. ere in attendance will long remember
the open-handed hospitality shown
them at every hand.
The Grand Council was opened with
the celebration of solemn high mass at
St. Rose's Church, Rev. Benedict Me-
Govern celebrant. Archbishop George
Montgomery and Rev. W. R. Thompson
present in the sanctuary. The Arch
bishop addressed the members of the
Grand Council, speaking in praise of
the purpose and work of the society
and lending encouragement to all Inter
ested in its advancement. The address
throughout was most forceful and
made an impression -that will not soon
be effaced. Special music was rendered
by a select choir, and in this particular,
as in all others, the thorough arrange
ments of the committee in charge was
evidenced.
The business session was opened in
the early afternoon, and the grand
president, James D. Whalen, who pre
sided throughout the convention, ap
pointed the following committee on cre
dentials: J. J. Callaghan, H. C. Vosta,
L. F. Guedet, J. F. McNally and James
Ahern. The commute at once filed its
report and those entitled to seats were
admitted. Thereupon the reports of all
officers and standing committees were
ordered referred to the proper commit
tees for consideration" and report to the
Grand Council.
Following are the committees named:
Finance— J. P. Fitzgerald. W. J. Hamil
ton, J. J. Burke, L. E. Mahan and Dr.
T. H. Morris; press— R. A. Miller, W. V.
Harrington. John Riley and W. J. Hen
nessey; mileage^ — W. T. Aggeler, P. B.
Lapachet and T. E. Collins; state of in
stitute—J. B. Queen, C. G. Willey, J. J.
Degan, Rev. T. J. O'Connell and F. E.
Farmer; resolutions— F. J. Kierce, Rev.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 27.—Ru
mors cf serious forest fires at logging
camps up the coast were being circu
lated on the streets this afternoon. Ac
cording to some of the reports four
persons were burned to death and
many thousand dollars' worth of shin
gle bolts were destroyed. Up to a late
hour it was impossible to verify the re
ports, which may have been exagger
ated, but the fact that there was a bi^
fire at Kanimura's logging camp on
Howe Sound was confirmed.
The fire at which the fatalities are
reported to have occurred is said tn
have taken place last nisrht at a camp
on Gambier Island owned by a Japaa«
est? named Tom Aoki.
The fire swept around the camp s^»
suddenly that the residents were driven
to the water by the flames. Two men,
one woman and a child, all Japanese,
are reported to have perished in th?
fire. The remaining workers at the
camp made their escape by ra»ans of
boats.
Young Men's Institute Ac
complishes Much at the
Recent Week's Session
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— The fol
lowing California postmasters were
appointed to-day: Alcatraz. San
Francisco County. John C. Burn, vice
Benjamin F. Leeds, resigned; Arrow
Head, San Bernardino County. Eu
gene A. Vahey. vice Caroline S. Ste
vens, resigned; Biggs, Butte County.
Virgil Bennell. vice Charles A. Hiett,
resigned; Calexico. San Diego County,
Adolphus M. Shenk. vice Joseph A.
Estudilio, resigned; Deadwood. Trinity
County, William T. Sheridan, vice
Charles Paulsen. resigned: PittviJle,
Shasta County, Frank H. Martin, vice
Alphonse A. Baker, resigned; Slmm
ler San Luis Obispo County, John B.
King, vice S. Hubbard. resigned: Tule
Lake. Modoc County. William Bassett,
vice William C. Dalton, resigned.
The following rural routes were es
tablished:
Oregon — The Dalles, Wasco County,
route No. 1. Washington — Richard
son, San Juan County, route No. 1.
John C. Deere Berry was appointed
a rural carrier at Prescott, Wash.
FIRE DESTROYS
LOGGING CAMP
Thursday evening at the Hotel Crockett
was one of the most en joyable . affairs
ever given in honor of a Grand Coun
cil.
FINISH WORK
AT CROCKETT
M. D. Slattery, D. T. Powers and James
Gallagher. R. A. Miller was appointed
assistant grand secretary.
The report of the grand president.
James D. Whalen, was read and re
ferred to committees on law and super
vision and state of the institute for re
port upon recommendations therein
contained. The proposed holding of bi
ennial sessions was considered and by
almost unanimous vote defeated.
The session of the second day had to
deal with matters of proposed amend
ments and the Introduction of resolu
tions, following which an early ad
journment was taken to enjoy the bay
and river excursion.
The third day's session had for con
sideration important legislation con
cerning the office of organizer and con
sideration of the report as to the new
ritual, and close attention on the part
of the delegates resulted in the adop
tion of amendments which permitted
this important work to be carried to a
conclusion thus early in the session. C.
M. "Waage of Ignatian Council No. 35.
San Francisco, the author of the pro
posed ritual, was present and was*
heartily received by the delegates. Thi3
matter having received approval at the
hands of this Jurisdiction will be re
ferred now to the Supreme Council,
which convenes at Colorado Springs
October 10. frr final action.
The report of the committee on state
of the institute was read and its recom
mendations as to management of funds
of subordinate councils, organizers,
continuance of the Institute Journal,
annual sessions and the adoption of the
ritual were approved and the report
adopted by the Grand Council.
Before adjournment was had motion
was made and carried by rising vote
that when the Grand Council do ad
journ it adjourn out of respect to the
memory of Peter J. Dunne of Ignatian
Council No. 35.
Thursday was set aside as the time
for the election of grand officers, and
this was taken up as the first order of
tHe day. The elections resulted as fol
lows: Supreme delegates— Samuel Has
iflns, L. E. Mahan, W. J. Hennessey
and Herman Berg; supreme alternates
— F. J. Kierce. E. R. Myrick. Dr. T. H.
Morris and R. A. Miller; honorary
grand chaplain. Most Rev. P. W. Rior
dan; grand chaplain. Rev. M. D. Slat
tery; grand president, John P. Fitzger
ald of San Jose; grand first vice presi
dent. Charles G. Willey of San Fran
cisco; grand second vice president,
John J. Burke of Oakland; grand sec
retary, George A. Stanley; grand treas
urer, William T. Aggeler; grand mar-
Bhal. P. J. Thornton; grand inside sen
tinel, Charles. D. O'Connor; grand out
side sentinel, W. A. Sllssman; grand
directors— E. R. Myrick, Rev. James A.
Grant, James Ahern, H. C. Costa. Fred
E. Farmer, Frank J. O'Brien, J. J. Cal
laghan and James C. Hanley.
The social life of the Grand Council ses
sion opened with the entertainment in
honor of the delegates on Monday even
ing, and it was largely attended and en
joyed by all. Tuesday the bay excursion
was perhaps the most pleasant event
of the session, and the trip to Mare
Island and about the bay, concluding
with the visit to Martinez, where the
visitors were received by the county of
nclalus and extended a hearty welcome,
made doubly glad in the distribution of
baskets of the fruits grown in the coun
ty at the^ands of the fair daughters
of the city. That evening a reception
by the ladies of Crockett was enjoyed,
and the grand ball of Wednesday even
ins w as a gala affair. The banquet on
was undoubtedly to discourage divorces
— it was designed to. protect and con
serve the marital relation and to forbid
an absolute decree of divorce until at
least one year after the entry of the
interlocutory decree.
"The State is concerned in the main
tenance of the marital relation and is
vitally interested in divorce proceed
ings, hence the Legislature may deter
mine, not only the conditions upon
which marriages may be entered upon,
but also the conditions upon which such
marriages may be dissolved.
" "The rule of public policy relating to
marriage is to foster and protect it, and
to prevent separations and illicit un
ions.' hence actions for divorce are
hedged about with provision? and stat
utory regulations peculiar only to such
litigation.
DECREE IS VOID.
"Such being the policy of the law
It seems to me that the decree In ques
tion was void. To hold that it was
merely voidable is to defeat the pur
pose and intent of the act and to de
termine that cither of the divorced
spouses could marry again upon the
expiration of the period of six months
from the date of the entry of the in
terlocutory decree; for, if the offending
party should elect not to move for a
new trial or appeal rrom the decree
within such statutory period, then the
decree, if voidable only, became final,
and thereafter either of the spouses
could marrv acain before the expira
tion of the year, the statutory provision
to the contrary notwithstanding.
"Some authorities hold that the Judg
ment of a court of general jurisdiction
is rot void unless the fatal infirmity
appear upon its face. Tested by thi3
rule the decree herein is void because
its recitals show that the action was
tried on the 23d of June, 1903, and the
decree made and entered eight days
thereafter.
SEIUOL'S CONSEQUENCES.
The construction here adopted J3
fraught with serious consequences, af
fecting, as it may, the validity of sub
sequent marriages, the possible legiti
macy of Issue, and the right of suc
cession in the event of the death of
either spouse within the period of one
year; but the act plainly contemplates
such consequences, for it expressly pro
vides that only upon the expiration of
the period of one year after the entry
of the interlocutory decree can the
court enter the final decVee 'which shall
restore to the parties the status of
single persons, and permit either party
to marry.'
"The act further provides that a
marriage contracted subsequently to
the entry of the interlocutory decree,
but before the time when the court
may enter final judgment, 'shall not be
thereby validated nor constitute a de
fense upon a criminal prosecution.' The
act being thus plain in its provisions
and free from constitutional objections,
it is the duty of the court to enforce it.
"The motion made herein, however,
cannot be granted because it seeks to
get aside the entire decree. Now, a
Judgment may be good in part and
bad in part. In the present case the
court undoubtedly had Jurisdiction of
the subject matter and of the parties.
The complaint alleged the marriage,
the birth of issue and the possession
of community property and contained
the usual prayer. The decree, after di
vorcing the parties, made provision for
the apportionment of the community
property, awarded, plaintiff a sum of
money, assigned to her a certain in-
"fraught with serious consequences, 1 *
but "It Is the duty of the court to en
force It."
THE OPINION.
The opinion in full follows:
"On the second day of March, 1903.
the Legislature adopted an act pro
viding that In actions of divorce. If
divorce is denied, final Judgment must
thereupon be entered; but if the court
determines that cause is shown for a
divorce then an interlocutory* decree
must be entered, declaring that the in
nocent party is entitled to such a di
vorce. From such interlocutory de
cree an appeal may be taken within
six months after its entry. Upon the
expiration of one year after such en
try, if no appeal Is taken therefrom or
no motion for new trial made, the
court may "enter final judgment,
granting a divorce; and such final
judgment shall restore the parties to
the status of single persons and permit
either party to marry after entry
thereof." In the event of an appeal
from the Judgroent or motion for new
trial the judgment cannot be entered
until the motion or appeal has been
finally determined — and not then if the
motion is granted or the judgment re
versed.
"The act further provided that the
death of either party after the entry
of the interlocutory decree and before
the final decree should not affect the
court's power to enter final judgment
thereon; 'but such entry shall not vali
date any marriage contracted by either
party before the entry of such final
judgment, nor constitute any defense
of any criminal . prosecution made
against either.'
"Subsequent to the adoption of this
act the plaintiff commenced this action
against her husband to obtain a di
divorce, for the custody of the children
of the marriage and for a division of
the community property. The defend
ant in due time answered, the cause
was tried and on the 1st day of July,
1903, the court granted the plaintiff an
absolute decree of divorce.
SUPREME COURT DKCIDES.
"It seems that after the adoption of
the act in question some of the Judges
of the Superior Court of this county
and of other counties, regarding the act
as unconstitutional, did not follow its
provisions, and when a cause of action
was established they granted the inno
cent party an absolute instead of an in
terlocutory decree of divorce. Subse
quently, in October, 1903, the Supreme
Court decided that the act in question
eras valid and constitutional. After that
decision a motion for a new trial was
made herein by the plaintiff, but the
motion was subsequently dismissed. On
the last day of the six months allowed
for an appeal from the said decree
plaintiff appealed therefrom, but fail-
Ing to prosecute her appeal it was dis
missed. The plaintiff now moves the
court to svt aside and vacate the en
tire decree.
"The Question thus presented is. is
the decree in question void or voidable?
This question is as important as it is
difficult of determination. The im,port
ance of the distinction rests in the fact
that if the decre is void it is a nullity.
A void judgment is of no legal effect,
it dettrmines nothing and binds no one;
it can neither impair nor create a right,
nor need it be assailed, either by mo
tion or upon appeal. Whenever it is
invoked against a party he may im
peach it and show its worthlessness.
As one writer has expressed it, 'it is a
dead limb upon the judicial tree.'
A VOIDABLE JUDGMENT.
"A voidable judgment, however, is an
erroneous judgment; it is one in which
an error has been committed by the
court in determining some question
properly before it. Such a judgment
may be subsequently set aside upon
motion, or reversed upon appeal. But if
no appeal therefrom is taken or no mo
tion made it becomes in all respects a
va!id judgment, and as good to all in
tents and purposes as if it were free
from error.
"The right to assail the decree in
question, either upon motion for new
trial or upon appeal, is gone: therefore
if the decree is void the parties herein
are still husband and wife; if it is sim
ply erroneous, it is now valid, and the
marital relation no longer exists be
tween them.
"The purpose of the act in question
• Jf Superior Judge Hunt's opinion ia
tb* case of Grannis agrainEt Grannla is
held good by the Supreme Court, a
few hundred people now married will
have to figure on lepai proceeding* and
a new ceremony to make their union
'legral; children born of such marriages
«111 have to temporarily relinquish
their claims to legitimacy and estates
involved in the complexities created
may be thrown into lepaJ chaos. In th«s
Grannis case. Judpre Hunt was prevent
ed from petting aside all of Judge Sloss"
decree on account of technical ques
tions of Hide issues and jurisdiction,
tut in netting: forth the law in the mat
ter the court makes it plain that in his
opinion many of the absolute decrees
prantM after the passage of the inter
locutory decree law are invalid.
During the period when some of the
Superior Judges throughout the State
believed that the interlocutory law
would be found unconstitutional, ab
solute decrees were granted. In some
of the cases, either the rear* or woman
h£s s!nce married again and children
have been born. ?uch cases will be af-
J^cted by the decision.
It v,as susreested by Judge Hunt
yesterday that there is a remedy for
the mistake, in that persons "who were
Framed absolute decrees have yet the
right to appear and have th*» decree
• harmed into an interlocutory and re
marry at the end of the prescribed
twelve months.
In the Ura&nfs case Judge Slo?s
granted an absolute decree of divorce
•s.ftei the passage of the law providing
for ir.teriocutory decrees and before
the constitutionality of the latter act
had been sustained by the Supreme
ourt. At the tine Mr?. Grannis was
awarded EI2D9. to be paid by her hus=
band in iiFtalhiirrsts of 5ifw> a month,
and StSOO inore in realty. Phe later
became AbseatisSed vith the award
end «nueht to have the decree annulled
en t'te srrcur.d that it was absolute in
ftea<i of interlocutory. She appeale-1
t<- the Supreme Court within the al
totted «ix nmr.ths, but failed to pros
€•> utv tilt appeal, and this was one of
the technicalities which prevented
J'^dge Hunt from acting in her favor
tvhen sh<? applied to him to have the
whole decree set aside.
The important point iu Judge Hunt's
opinion is In tN» words: "Such beinir
tr>» j.olicy of the law, it seems to me
that the decree in question was void."
This construction of the law is
Action of Jurists Who Doubted Constitutionality
• of the Interlocutory Law Is Held Void—De
cision Affects Wives, Husbands and Estates
JUDGE HUNT RULES AGAINST
ABSOLUTE DIVORCE DECREES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 2S, 1004.
29
ADVERTISOIENTS.
| g £W \ J CURE ail
TURE?**\*ARICOCELE. SPECI-
FIC BLOOD POISON. NER-
VOUSNESS. CONTRACTED
DISORDERS. KIDNEY and
ELADDER TROUBLES and re-
flex complications ar-d associate
diseases, quickly and permanently.
Strictly Reliable.
More Thau 17 Years' Snoeess
Consultation X*ree at Office ox
by Mall.
(MAKE NO MISLEADING 8TATK-
MEVTS or deceptive prepositions to th«-
«ffticte<J. reSth^r do I promS*» to cure
them IX A FEW DATS in order to »*cur*
th»Jr patronaf. but I ru»ra.nt«« s COM-
PLETE F*FE AVD I/ASTTNG CURE tn
tfc« QtiCKEST POSSIBLE TIME »-lthcat
l^tvinr Injuring after eSecu In the «Tctern
*nd et the lowett co«t p»6»ib1« for HON-
EST. SKILLFUL. Hid SUCCESSFUL
TREATMENT.
I HAVE CURED MORE MEM THAN
«r.y otr-er physician on the co»et. My
treatment* t.:» more •rationai, more nsod-
ern and mere »ff*ctiv« than any c'.h.r
phr«dan practiclor in tb« W«it. My
trefctrnent sIvm *!», vljor. vyality.
m-"~.g:h red ambitloa to weak anA de-
tpondect rr.-r. vour.e or eld, married or
rlr.e>. rrcardleas of the cauce of their
trc;:b!».
rszs mAsoNAaus. — z do
not wast any man to f««l that h*
Is cxabla to pay me. a« Z always
arreare mr terms im payments to
volt their cosTcalcioe, ana donljt-
inr PATZgJtTS MAT TZiSAT W~
Til. CURED BSrOBS PATZXTO.
If you cannot call, write for question list
ar.d FKEE b6OIC de>crlb!rr Taj specialty.
CorrffpondT.ee eonSdentlal.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
739 MAJUCET ST. (Top Floor).
Hoon — 8 to 8 dally; • t» 12 Sueday*.
JOE ROSEXBERG'S. | JOE ROSEXBERG'S. ' | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSEXBERG'S. | JOE ROSEXBERG'S.
1 I iillllSISflll Wli^^^^^^^^^i We find WC are overstocked in certain departments, and, in hebs [
Ii ! f 1 1 1 ' / It I accordance with our well-known policy of not carrying goods Jed uscebw^b^ 1118 X2fIT " IJ
H l^^t^^^^S^likm^WSS^St TO THOSE WHO BUT THEIR THE PRICE CUTTER'S FOR VEIL- re uce o ir *...«..*. |i
M * B^tfM'ivS^f^TO^v/// '/wJPaStagBy hosiery wholesale — ings — ladies' vests-— ;l
1,1 IlifnrSSiSBS&W >SgW5£g& L You'll find you can do better here Especially now at these low prices. Made of Vecra silk; low neck and n^ I
El BwiiiQliy Wl!m WffiwJvSm A3*. INDIES' HOSE — 54 inches longr: made of extra fine stead of 50c. Monday and Tuesday J
fj HliH\»irefi^8^7/ lilJ^am^W^'A. G^f^r^M appreciate a good wearing stocking hlack. navy, brown, royal, white anil LADIES* VESTS — N
fl JS r*\;ffim|iB[yTJ 7/ It lM2Sl///uUfS^^S^^^' W here th^y are for lli^ae champagne. Instead of $1 00. at T_ow nook and no sleeves: m^<if cf jj
|| i^^lfM^^^^/'/mffl^ ff T&^*k SADIES WHO HAVE SORE OR ' fancy^Richelieu ribbed; in white 1
W f^^^^^^^W^Umm^^^^ ?£& Engllsn : n! fa f st r bla^k^white b ? left after midday. Price will LADIES' PANTS— .._„,.„, \\
II B '7^/^^^ > l3e c^iZa*f*^^^^y?ff^^^SfeS> > .^ty Vt&r f,. et or goles. Price ii."»«; Play the mischief. ¦« Made of double thread Lnehsh lisle; |1
IJ m! jKy^ <Jw^/^^ *^^0 3^ c X2TSTEA3> OP 50c. MAXiIHE OS ILLUSION FOB trimmed: French bands: buttoned on ||
M 8 if -zZZZt f v *\*H^r^ What you see La , , ? « /? ~T ... z »«. Full rinuhit» width- nil «n>- TTronnh or startiiir.s: n p edeil; w^mfn who i
M 1 /Mf <&" our ad youll tod to Made of French lisle; in the new m?!L-^llSh\uPcrSl^ZM^ have used them speak of them with I
Kl * i /ZvZnl "<¦ ,ril, «, our itore. The Price nponwork lac effect: *stainlei=3 m.TKe, in rink. Diue. a^am, whitp, hi^'ie^r nr-^se f'S^ "iOt* Ii
'W&i X %&£z£&&&^ i Cutter Is never ii! black; ,the perfect fitting kind ;\ full oardtaaMavender and black. At^ the highest praise. Price SOCjj
W^^^& fjMr WHAT rOV -WILI , »XH» IN »O CEILDE.N-S HOSE- ' I
P^, ¦ — J "^«icf» OTHER STORE. The celobrate'I Pony make; in light •»¦¦" tADlE » arusiilir uziDIS- marie of XX Italian Bilk; ir. pink. |
W&&x5B^2}v7Z^J -^ s a phy^i 1 -'' 3 ' 1 ' s to a sick person. and heavy weight; all sizes; ma If <-f WEAR — blue ami white. lr.5t^ad "f $1 l " 1 '"'. M
1&&%SrJ2j!pi&i3 . , -fl F> nur . demonstrator is to the proper twisted thread; the everlasting kind; J.ow r>ri<-e? we kno^v will make them Monday's and Tuesday's price. .7oC 9
l?^>^^^^g^3r z. "/ if Corset you should wear. Fat people will outwear any other make made; po. And here we will quote a few ......
B made thin and thin people ma«le fat. »H sizes Per pair 'ZTtV. of the many we place on our bar- INDIES' VESTS ft
K I.ADIES' OVEECOLLAKS — WE ttavt- too mawt satis Kai " counter: H!^h neck and long: sleeves: made of t|
m '"^^£&gSg& row hemsTitched iffierf 1 P?Jce.?«c TAPED CORSETS OH HAND. LADIES' OOWK— pir.k. blue and cream'. Price. .» 1 .<M> |
Pi *^^^S^^y LADIES' STOCK COLLAR AHD NOTE THE LOW PRICE. Made of soft bleached muslin; Lil- M
H "^^ tab' Tne quality we warrant. The new J' a " yoke: trimmed with 8 rows of Indies' TXOKTS — M
H Made of Point de Venise lace; rose Empire shapr. Made of satin rib- S^,^ d _^ and'Veeve? fln HhZ »«• of XX **** 8ilk ' 3ersey fltti:is it
I What would you do If you had too and dotted design,: good judges will ftSl 111^ SltPiSfflef oflsc. our ffiJ"^! 8^ ¦ff" "Jffik : "J
I S n uS.' r y o o o SV o o 1 ux h d and B ? ut 8 w 1 l 2Si £ !T^ . lhc .. r . eal .. w r. h . of .!^ e c S-"I 1C ? ?'»W^w^.-i?» duclns stock price v^Mo SSiSf p . ink :. b !?!:. b ! ac s k i. a^,
H pact to ret full prices for them. Low CHILDREN'S VESTS *i*c J ,j LnlI . S f GO W5- Ii
S prices will make a quick g-ood-by to Tne kind which button all the way THE GESTUINE C. B. A LA SPIRITE Mad e of Lonsdale muslin: squar- T^JE?J?£iE W J^ W Jrr^Jt^.<f »V7 IJ
K them, and w« Invite you to come and down the front; made of knitted fab- COXZSET yoke, with three rows of hemstitched WEIOHT TraDEXtQARSCEVTS All f
M inspect. And we are positive you won't ric: high neck and long sleeves; non- W h T Hot Bit On. nf The., fur fil nn tucks; neck and sleeves trimmed TEX TEAS ASOTJ5S. U
[I rearret your visit. irritating to the most delicate skin. ? f y Q , ° rt 7 .J? ° . f o - 0 with lavvn ruffles. Wholesale price Here are some that came our way S
g Price 25c ui" d H n ?,Mi I 2K >rte . d , sat , een - Princess $6 p9r dozen, our stock reducing underprioed. Of course our patrons U
1 "wifr^HERrs^TL^" 3 D ° YOU KEED P A S SHE " HA «- SSS e^rifdiUe^S Pri^ '^ -^ our luck.
| And of course you want to look your Here's your opportunity to buy them do^en^^mfd^um ti^" tABXES' WKXTB PETTICOAT— indies' COMSHTATIOir STTITS— \\
U b S rt -M H !J* 1S S ° me ne^wear which for i ess than half. Made of Italian SrS Our Drice <\ tut Made ° f SOft Wcached muslin, trim- The celebrated Mentor make: high £5
ft should attract your attention for the she n. full four inches long, curved ures> Our price M .<><> me d with an 18-inch flounce, with 5 neck and long sleeves; ankle length; \\
a chicness and low price: sh ape. In tortoise or black. Price UNIJBSS TOTT BEFTJSE TO HAVE A !"°, W^ of t hread Iace insertion; fin- buttoned down the front; made of II
I • we are ovERSTflcwn «f sroE A dozen •'»«* mpECTPORK ' ifi wIth " arrow uffle -. witI ? ta^ k ? Egyptian yarn ; fleece lined; medium I)
|4 WE ABE OVERSTOCKED XH SIDE T00 MAHY HA2TDKEBCHIEPS OW •/ «?i™^°!?! ard laco. Manufacturer's price *15 weight; in gray or ecru. Now..5Oc |1
M COMBS. HAHD You Will Find It in a dozen, stock reducing price.. 85c ||
gj Made of Italian shell. Curved shape Knables you to buy them at a great THE VAN OBDES LA GRECQtTE l:|i; '-1L1.-" HERE ABE SOME SEEP LACE H
l\ so as= to fit snugly to the head. If deal less than you will expect to CORSET TO T3 *°SE WHO WEAS ROUND CAPE COLLARS POE, TOTT DX- ft
I a -a; &&%&£¦ ss^si is&J- «««»„„. jg* 7^'/ b v^r\^r o , «r ««.-. 2. 'XS?5 a -» m .^ ,„. 1
H P rl " A pair l«c Made, of sheer Belfa.t linen. porfji Ste w ?h' tottv liutee lisle elastic, metal buckles, large J'S ih.^? JIh HmSiSfrnV- i, »r» ¦
H loaf and bnwkr.ot desipns; if you BEXITO A PREFERRED CUSTOMER ae\eioped woman, frice. . . .«l. u o In Cluny. Point de Gene, also Valen- X.ADIES* COLLAR AST) CTTTP I
M paid -0c per yard you would or ONE OP THE NEW YORK LADIES' DRAWERS ciennes; all IS inches wide. In tu- SETS^ — [i
I M^Kf^^^ SfSSre-u-'h,. sample line of m^^X^M S8 SSMJ?K Sl^Mlp 1
I OKE-HOJK SALE. f SSSr?^ VS^ctur^ ic^f peFC^ S? '£^M*2. Mi^O S W 1
I SS'wtSSSSSSSS W7 V V S^f^^tSSS^-SS "*i* ot m SS^S^' nrn . The fe rjwi r dXan^S.\^Ji! h
I and sizes. Made with ex- \fin>/ a",new puff sleeves and detachable »£j wearing kind, j In brown, blue. % n T f s ° o xt a^ fo'in^u^Tper^fect fit" Xji n C? ui.tn SSlSiS or fl
g tra strong clasp, the kind collars; mostly all trimmed with gray and black. Price.. .A yard 5c Two patent clasps. In brown tan NfiM&V' neckwear. In black and B
B J2 UC^f 1 i Otl0 ri 1 fit n ' yO 2 l VT'Jf.f e Tl f Jaw pearl buttons. If — - -~ black and white. We are owS X * S^ white. Hote tne honx. f{
H pos grain and alllg-ator and Levant. In looking for the poorest at a low f stocked. Hence the low price A yard 5*r Q
SR brown, tan and black. S1.50, S2.OO and price that is not what they are. but ¦ A& m nAAa^in-B^ *i nn ti
M S2.50 qualities. The early birds caa if you are 1-x-king for the very tin- |Of O SB T S^S D T H fl " * >OU ABE YOTT IN HEED OP A WHITE g
| have their choice for -'..<• est at a low price tnat is what you B g H L nlilSrNnrKh HERE IS A CHANCE POS YOU TO OUT1NO OS SUMMER SKIET? &
H I.ACES— 3863 YABDS MUST BE Manufacturer's $15 00 oualitv onr ¦ I 1 I B ' S U W l-l * ULl1 ' U BUY "TTICOATS AHD SAVE Here Is one for one-third less than B
B CLOSED OUT .AT ONCE— Jrice C ° Quality, our tuc DPire r..TT tB MONEY ON THEM— has ever been quoted. Made of im- M
H Knglish thread lace for ladies under- Manufacturer's $l"s' bo" 'quality", our KKICt CUTTER j !ade of fast black mercerized ported white pique: seven gored, full H
h wear or children's dresses; from 1 price «j ,|,, o.p Uarlro* Ct II mCnrr.tl c* sateen; trimmed with a 12-inch flare effect: trimmed with three rows H
n to 4 inches wide; all pearl edge; Manufacturer's J24OO quality our BID MarKI M. il 0 rafreil St. flounce, with 3 small ruffles: finished of bias tailor-stitched bands around S
B manv different patterns to choose price /. 81 "iil with 4 rows of tailor-stitched bands. the flounce: tailor-stitched bamis to
? from. Looks like real Torchon, but Manufacturer's J27 00 quality, 'our MAX! ORDERS SOLICITED. }l you J"? d them made to order down the sides, lou cannot ouy the N
N not so in price A yard 5c price . *-| rk lne >' could n ot b « better. For a material for the price we ask for \:\
H ......... -*jl.<o ' quick clearance our price 81. OO these OoC S
__ADVERTI SEMEXTS.
WE7.E LEADERS IN OUR LINE!
The best, most reliable and up-
to-date installment tailoring house
in town. Prices always reasonable.
Payments 51.00 per week.
A. B. Smith Co., j
H«S Bftfc, above PoweH,
— i^ »^ — ¦ — ,
i
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ir " i-x. JrT*-err.ers lesve Brr»dw*jr
/cZ^S<Zm\ ••harve* <i>ier* 9 and 111.
I*L "3"*"^» »*\ For Kcuhikan. W.-ar.ee'..
I i \^Vt*ji ' 1 J'J~^ a ' J - Haine*. 6Uj»ii,
\A V*»o7 W. »• »• Be*. 2- Charge
\^> v^^^^XtV lo ttj* coxapatpr** rtcair.erJ
For Vi^t-M-ia. Vancouver.
jy.-t ¦ ! v. T:! .ni, Srctt!~. Ttcrnn*. Kv^rett.
betttsttaua — 11 a. in., Au«. Is. U-X 2S. Sept. •!.
* bsasc Et. Seattle to this company's $:nn«ri
for A.iffca zrA <1. S. Ity.: at F>auS<s r,T
Taccf&a. to X. I'. R>.; ftt Vancouver t-j C. P.
r:>.
- Fir Kur«j« (Hinsbcddt n&y)— I^rr-Tia. 1 :"!>
I n .. Auk. SO. "1. Pert. 1; Cornna. 1 :S0 p. ro..
>u fc . CH. a. beset. 4.
Tor Lc-s Anpeloji -via Port \jt% Ar!C-!<*3 ktA
Tie-Vudo*. g*n Di'co eaS Basts Barbara—
Fanta Ri ¦». Saadajra. C» a. tn.
Ktate of t'elif-'TTi'a. Thunflsyn. 9 a. m.
FVr Xs*r ,\r.e*\*-f <v!a Fan Pedro and East
• P*n P«~dro>. Pa'l*ra. Fanta. Cruz. Ken-
tes-ey. San £ta*or>. i'a;uo*, Port HarforJ (fan j
1,-j!» Obt>T>c). Ventura ar.<3 Hntr.fme.
Bcr.ita. U a. m.. Aug. I'.i. 27. S»pt. 4.
foOi V*y. 0 ». «"-. Ajs. 2-". Sl. Sept. S.
Fct Kri**na | i*. Msrriftlr-tia K»: . iiin Jcs« f.'l
Cai*->. MAiatlar. A:t*:a. I^a Paz. i-'anta Hn-
calta Ouayma* illfx.1. 10 a. tn.. 7th each xno.
Tcr further Jri? .rrr.aticrs obtain folder. Rirht
J« r»"nf<l to ch»ns<! Uoaacr or *aillnff dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Mor.ttrom-
rry tt. •Ps.ltcc Betel). 10 Market »t.. ar.d Brcafl-
rvay whirr*-*. TrtiZht Oflce, 10 Market st.
C f>. Dt'NANN. Gfnera! Parser.r^r Agent. I
;o MarUct nt . 5an Francisco.
Tb« Par!8e Transfer Co.. 2O Putter St.. tt!1I
«¦«!! for end check bar-Rape from hctels ar.il
r»«lder.ce«. Telephone Exchar«e 312.
oceawcs.s.co.«i««£
S != SIEP-RA. for Honclu!u. Farroa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Tr.arKlay. E«pt. 6, 2 p. m.
f S MAJUPOKA. fcr Tahiti. Sept. 14. 11 a. m.
F.S ALAMEUA. Jor Honolulu. Sept- 17. 11 am.
I D.SFEECKELS i EEOS. Ca, U&flttEl 02c! 613 Xlf-
Ul "FTigtl (£3 323 Um SL. fk c r 7, Ttt& SL
COXPAGKIE CE52RA.L! TRA531TL£5ri37J
I 1HECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j^^,
FAilinS tvrry Thursday icitead of -*5FJJSK?#
~Itur<l*>. *t 10 a, m.. frca Pier 42. -viw*
•Ccrtb K:ver. Joct of Morton «t.
F'rst cis.** to Havre. J70 and upward. S»cot>4
«aV» 10 Havre. *«5 and upward. GENERAL
JLOEKCT FOR UNITED STATKS AND CA>f-
MJA* Z~ Broadway fHudecn bulldlsc). New
¥"k J y FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coajt
Amti 5 Mcstcornery •venue. San Francitco.
TtrfceW %n',i r-r all P.alimaii Ticket Arenta.
To TJ. S. SfaTy Tard ks.0. VeBeJo.
s- - U=r. Ii J Corcora.a— ieavea 8. F.. foot of
<_:»>• tt north «nd ferry bide. — Week daj-.«.
i SO A.*M.. I aad «8 P. M.; Sundays. 9:3H
AM 8 P. M. Iy»a.vei VaJleJo— Week day*.
i. 1" A. IS.. 12:20 and 8:00 I\ M.; Sunday*. «
P. M. lare. 25c each way. Excursion rate*
t'.-daj* to Vallejo, Glen Cove s.r.d Martinez.
V0* round trip. PIPER. ADEN, GOOOALL
ro. Phone Main «41. 'Saturday except ed.
To U. S. Vary Tard and Vallejo.
EUiir». General FrUbie. Moaticcllo and Arrow
n; ». m- 12:S0. 3:15. «, 8:30 p. ra. (ex.8ua.>:
Euu&aya 9:45 a. in.. S:5t> p. tn. Lteave Vallejo
t » a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6 p. m. (ex. Eun.): Sun- j
liys. ' «¦ Q-. *:13 P- n. Pier 2. foot Mi»- I
(lea atrert; ptaoac Ualn 1S0S. HATCH BROS. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
travel far and this good name
|| of BRILLIANT finds its way into many l||l|||l|i|f
ml homes. We gladly extend credit to
i| the people of our State. For we *2^|iPf|jl
p want it to be a State of happiness.
Eja *• *^f gSS^ "Orta of Furniture <md Carpets £ j
fl i5*^ M "!& for $7.50 CASH and $1.50 per ?!
1 WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF FURNISHIN6 FLATS COMPLETE g» *£»£
py opens an account. We pay freight and carfare. Our terms also f l
||1 apply to Oakland. Alaxneda, Berkeley and all the suburbs. I j
1 T RRIIIIANT FURNiTUREG0 ' I
H I I URiLLIrtll I 338 342 POST ST. fj"Scenic ; Treasures of California," the
most complete souvenir book overissued;
price 75 cents. Souvenir Department,
Sanborn, Vail & Co, 741 Market it. •
Aged German Dead.
OAKLAND. Aug. 27. — John H.
Richstieg, a German, aged 67' years,
died this morning at the Altenheim.
Deceased leaves no relatives.
Must Pay for Kiss.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— Because he
insisted on kissing her, A. Brown waa
arrested on the complaint of Mrs,
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— The fol
lowing Californians are in New. York:
From San Francisco — R. N. Lange,
at the Cumberland; A. G. Maass, at
the Cadillac; H. T. Roesler and wife,
at the St. Denis; H. Schaffner and
wife, at the Cumberland, and Miss
Hallohan and Miss E. McAleer, at the
St. Denis.
From' Santa Barbara — W. F. Ad
ams, at the Union Square; G. . Bauer
arid wife, a{ the Albert; J. B. Cole
man,' at the Wolcott; J. S. Harlan. at
the Herald Square; W. R. Harman, at
the Victor; M. J. Smith, at the Am
sterdam, and H. W. Torney, at the
Murray. Hill.
Californians in New York.
WASHINGTON. Aug.^27. — Acting aa
her own attorney and conducting her
own defense on a charge of insanity,
Marcla M. Burrows, a young woman,
arrested yesterday, by. the Washington
police, was to-day sent to an asylum.
When arraigned on the charge the
woman arose and dramatically took the
case into her own hands. She con
ducted her defense on the ground that
her name was not Marcia Burrows
and that the real Marcia named In the
Indictment was another person. In a
cross-examination by physicians she
frequently used the expression, "When
you made an examination of this
woman," etc.
In her speech to the Judge the
woman Was furious' in her criticisms
of the authorities. She refused to tes
tify in her own behalf and was
promptly j committed to the asylum. v
Alleges Mistaken Identity as Her De
fense, but Is Sent to an
Asylum.
INSANE WOMAN ACTS
AS HER OWN ATTORNEY
C.'W. Killion, chief of the university
police, sought to have the charge of
felony for violating the State law re
garding tampering with electric wires
placed against the young men this aft
ernoon, but Justice Edgar refused it on
the ground of insufficient evidence. The
attempt to have the students charged
with a felony is said to have been In
spired by Professor C. L. Cory, chair
man of the students' affairs committee,
from whom Killion holds a wrftten re
quest for the additional charge.
By agreeing to investigate the con
duct of the police of the University of
California for arresting four students
on the campus last night with the aid
of pistols, handcuffs and other stern
persuaders, President Wheeler to-day
helped the cause of the students ma
terially. President Wheeler is satisfied
from what he has heard that the action
of the police was hardly justifiable.
Wheeler was Interviewed to-day by-
Harry Dehm, president of the Asso
ciated Students, who laid all the facts
of the midnight arrest before him.
Dehm told the president that the ac
cused youths had not been connected
with the stringing of vthe sign on the
university grounds any more than to
look at it after it was up. This offense
did not call for a flourish of pistols and
a clamping of handcuffs, he said, and
Wheeler agreed with him. Wheeler
said that he could see no objection to
stringing the banner, as no property
had been destroyed, and that If the
students had asked his permission to
do so they would have had it.
Three of the arrested students, Fe
lipe Buencamino, Clair Gordon and
H. W. Schrelber, appeared in Justice
Edgar's court this morning for arraign
ment. As no complaint had been lodged
against them, however, they were not
asked to plead. Justice Edgar- said
that if no complaint was filed by Tues
day he would dismiss the- youths. D.
W. Taylor, the other arrested student,
did not appear in court .having gone
to consult with his father in San An
sel mo. J;:-^ '
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Aug. 27.
PORTLAND, Ore.. Aug. 27.— The sev
enth annual session of the American
Mining Congress was closed at noon to
day after having elected a board of di
rectors which convened Immediately
thereafter and elected Its officers with
the exception of secretary.
To-day's session was devoted to rou
tine business, concluding the work of
acting upon resolutions reported back
by the committee, and various mem
bers of the association were heard in
short addresses on various topics. A
general resolution of thanks was ex
tended to those who had participated
In making the session a success. The
sentiment echoed from former reso
lutions thanking the administration at
Washington for Its Interest in the de
velopment of the mining industry, as
indicated by sending government offi
cials to the congress, was included.
President Richards in the course of
an address assured the congress that
the organization has reached the point
in its history where it passes from the
uncertainty of delegate-representation
of which it originally consisted to a
membership organization that adopts a
strict system of business conduct. The
financial report was submitted and
showed a good cash balance In the
treasury.
There were splendid ovations' to
President Richards and Secretary
Mahon, evincing the confidence that
has been felt in their work.
The following directors were elected
for the ensuing year:
J. H. Richards, Idaho; Thomas E.
"Wing. California; E. R. Buckley, Misr
Bouri; A. "W. Gifford, Texas; John
Dem, Utah; William Lennox, Colorado:
J. F. Watson, Oregon; J. T. Cornforth,
Alaska; and George E. Dorsey, Neb
raska.
Califomian Is Among Those
Chosen to Serve Next Term
on Board of Directors
President of University
, Promises to Investigate
Conduct of the Police
WHEELER HELPS
OUT STUDENTS
MINERS CLOSE
THEIR SESSION
Marriacc Licenses
OAKLAND. Aug. 27. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Frank I.
.Rylle, 35. and Jane F. Montgomery.
14. both of San Francisco; Samuel W.
Knepper, 30, Santa Cruz, and Telie
H. Iloke, 22. Oakland; Antone Roposa,
35, and Maria da Trindade, 35, both
of Oakland: Lawrence C. C. Nor
mand. 42, and Elizabeth M. Brown.
22. both of Oakland.
C. J. Ilccscman Iteturns Home
<_>akjla:u.>. Aug. 27. — Charles J.
hceseman, the well known clothier of
this city, has just returned from a
two months' trip through the larger
cities of the East, during which he
saw the World's Fair at SL Louis and
attended the Elks' convention In Cin
cinnati. He also visited his old home
tn South Carolina.
Had Xccd of a Horse.
OAKLAND. Aug. 27.— P. Angelo.
who was arrested 'at Pleasanton for
stealing a horse, had his preliminary
examination there to-day and was
held to answer before the Superior
Court on a charge of grand larceny.
He had been an Inmate of the Stock
ton asylum and It Is thought he Is de
mented.
• • • .».
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Auk. 27. — Guy Cotton cf
the State of "Washington was struck by an
castbound Great Northern passenger train
rear Cedar Lake to-day and killed.
From Oakland — Mr. and Mrs. t Eagen, M.
Fitzler, A. Hanson. Mre/W. F. Armstrong,
M. J. Smith, N. Magulre. Mrs. J. L. - More.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Montgomery, C. K. Stud
ley, F. G. Leodford, A V. Miller. J. M. Barba,
F. Mendoza. M. Laermaji, S. F. Keating, J.
Fhaite, Mm. H. Mathews, Mr. Cunningham,
AT ADAMS: From San Francisco — Colonel
M. Bradv. Dick Adams. Miss Gettlngs, Eddlo
Uanlon. T. B. Haggerty. E. S. Gobln and wife,
M. J. Hodge, Mrs. II. Hodge, J. Llndermayer,
Fred Klmcnbcrit, F. H. Guntz, C. B. Church.
Ab? HodKess. J. Brayden, Mr. and Mrs. Arm
strong W. P. Wheeler, Charles Rupporcht,
M. Sllva. Mrs Silva, R. O. Nell, Ed Miller,
W. R. Pitts, John Casey, Don Donahue. H. N.
Ferroylaro. J. Sweeney. J. I>. Moroisore. F.
Gleason. M. Brady. W. R. Jonston. T. E. Ellis,
Anton* Jelsch. MIm E. Saery. James Galln
way. G. T. Force, Mr. and Mrs. Pestdorf, Mr.
and Mrs. Gordon, Miss M. Gordon, Mr. and
'Mrs. Morey. J. E. Clark, P. S. Yong. P.
Ftretchean. Mrs. J. Lynch, Mrs. Stunpt. Mr.
Ftltch, Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher, George Daley,
Ralph Crum, Nellie Crum, S. S. Simons, Mr.
and Mrs. Levy, Mr. Swartz, Mr. and Mrs.
Kirk. Mr. Howard. Will Adams, Lot Adams,
Master Adams. E. 11. Mokley. Miss Doran. Miss
Hart, Mira Ivy, S. Boke. W. S. Parmer, Mrs.
Parm»r, W. C. Stock, W. C. Blackburn, Mr*.
Joiinson, Miss Wilson, Mirs Sanby, Janqes
Peck. Mr*. Perkins, C. C. Cane. George Stage,
Mr. and Mrs. Gulna. Mr. and Mrs. Keyes, R.
Dolfin. Mr. Coffin. Mr. Becdrd. Mr. Pechic%
Miss Pechlco, Mr. and Mrs. Church, Mr. Klein,
Mr. O'Brien Mr Kolspy, Miss Stolcome, Mrs.
Fartherfam,' E. A. Palker. J. E. Pine, J. E.
Burk, Mr. Clark. E. H. Haley, James Cook;
Mr. and Mr?. Burk, Bert Hart, Emma. Hart,
Mrs. Burk. Mrs. Barker, Mr. Frost,. Mr. Baker,
E. M. Tllman. William Bloom, Joseph Colbert,
Mr. and Mre. Ball. J. S. Swain. George Hart
man, Miss Ida Hartman. W. W. Healy, Mrs.
McI.ouRhlln. Miss Tomson, Miss Taylor, Miss
Stevens. Mr. Evante, Mrs Harris, Mr. and
Mr*. Silvia. Mr. Ratto. /Mrs. Rosa W. C.
Walker, Mr. HeltrrRn, Mr. Culvert, Kate Wal
ler, Pro* Vowt, Rev. C. Cooks, W. Bloom,
Georjre Conklln. Miss Eda Ashton. T. M. Ash
ton. G. C. Dodge. Mrs. C. Helm, Rev. C. Davis,
George A. Hanner. Mr. Levett, F. E. Jennesa,
C. H. Holllster. W. M. Warburton, J. B.
Hughes. O. H. King. ! H. L,. Hlscock. H. O.
Cline. H. B. 8mlth, A. Rowell, Pet Nathaniel,
P. Ellis. A. W. Selkirk. James Mlddleton, F.
W. Mathews. P. P. Tucker, Charles H. Pescay,
Joseph M. BlRgert. E. J. Sloan. E. S, Allen,
J. Hey ward. W. B. Clark, H. E. Rees, C. J.
Irwln. A. N. Williams, Mrs Keeler. Mrs. Gal
lagher. Mlsa Wyman. W. P. Harford. Mis>s
Boardman. George Spencer. G. C. Kerber. Mr.
Markley, Mr. and Mrs. Piper, P. S. Aden,
Mr. Goodall, Mr. Babcock, Miss Elwood. Miss
Coffety. A. Coscant, W. C. Balwln, E. C.
Wolf. A. C. Buckley. Mrs. Myers George Gale.
Miss B. Walker.
From Sacramento — Mrs. Loughlln, C. F.
Mfct7ner. J. F. Joyce, M. J Harrigan. F. J,
QuIck, Mr. and Mrs. Halllgan, L. de- Bernard!,
M. Ho.iklns. Thomas Codeeff. L.. Huber, J C.
Enow. M. F. CarbecK. Mrs. Clelth, George Har
ris. Pet Dorcy, E. H. Hall, Ben Hall, W. H.
Colbert. Jack Hecox, Mr and Mrs. Ashton,
Berdy Hayse. Otto Coleman. Arthur Parmer,
Mrs. Doran, MIbs P. Hart, J. C. Swain, James
Healey. H. C. Colobur, A. C. Sloan. Mr. and
Mrs. Poulk. J. McClane, Mr. St. Clalr, Mr.
Keyes, Charles Bowman, A. A. Davis, J. S.
Clult. George Jackson. Harry Dale, P P.
Cookley, A. S. Loranzen, W. C. West. Mr.
Samson.
AT GILROY: From San Francisco — Thomas
D. Eddy, George E. Manning. Mrs. B. C. Con
way. K. L. Berry. II. J. Schmltz. L. B. Mayer.
E. M. Greene, Henry Wellmann and wife,
Harry W»-!lmann Edwin Wellmann, Mark Jer
kovich, Mrs. A. R. Cray ton, H. D. Collard. J.
J. Bain. L. D. Bentlpy. R. E. Barharth. Miss
W C. Stone D. R. Godwin. J. F. Laurel. A.
ii/Kdncr, Mrs. J. C. Kcls«-y, E J. Landln. F.
B. Wilson. Donlcl "Lleboldt and wife. Miss
Laura L'.eboldt, Boyd McDonald. C. B. Grosso
and wife. W. F. Carill, Mrs. Phlllpp Kelly.
W. H. Topping. D. C. Thompson, Miss Helen
Thompson G M. Buchman. J. E. Lewis. Miss
Genilrlir.e Meysr, D. W. Hayes, J. R. Harri
son. William Robblns. Mrs. C. A. Campbell,
J. A. Do<l»*e. J. S. Lovett and wife. Miss B. C.
Edffren, Mrs. O. P. Welb. /From Oakland —
Mr. and Mrs H. M. Fctterhoff. From Alvara
do — A. R. Silva. From Watsonvllle— E. J.
Mann and wife, E. L. Hebboon, P. G. Sheeby.
From San Jose — Mrs. N. G. Arques. Mrs. D.
Frass and son. Miss C. Hayes, T. H. O'Toole.
From Holllster— Ml*s Alma D. McCobh. Mis*
Agnes Orr. From Centervllle — August C. Gra
cla J Gracla, G. P. DIas. From Saratoga —
A. R.' D. Rome. J. Harm. F. M. Furtado.
From Gllroy — Joseph Prlncevalle. W. L. Cray
ton, R. Pyromont. From Portland — Mrs. Wal
ter J. Montieth. From Berkeley — Mre. S.
Gale . • %
• • •
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— Tony Phillip?. A. Schwartz, T. C.
Phankland. George Martins and wife. D. C.
Coleman an-1 wife, J. J. Sullivan, E. Happers
bergPt and wife. Mlse A. Happerybergpr. W.
M. S*rby and wife. W. S. Hamilton and wife,
Sol Israel, P F. Morris. A. J. Donzel, W. E.
Conlln. Mr! and Mrs. Bellet, Miss F. Schautz.
From Oakland — Alda Laymance, G. L. Curtis
and wife, R. H. Davis. From Alameda — F.
M. Wall. Mrs. R. Bradley. Mrs. M. Wall. Mrs.
R. B Motts ami nurse H. Brooks and wife,
Mr«. H. Kowp.-. Mips Mabel Ward. Mrs. J.
Corning. Mrs. Mills. From Woodland— A. D.
Porter and wife. From San Diego — F. von
Sesprern. From Fresno — August Weihe. From
B<rkciev — Chailps Wlf-mann Jr.
AT HOTEL. EL CARMELO: From San
Kranc'.sco — R G. Newall, J. P. Thorn. L. J.
Powers. W. Dllllon, C. P. Bailey., Richard
Crow J. Helnberg, J. B. Hicks. Walter Net.
Mrs. Horace B. Sperry, Jamon Patterson and
wife, Mrs. Myers, F. H. Green, C. M. Plate.
J. A. Cunningham, George Hansen, Mr. and
Mrs. Jackson, Dr. F. Lux. From Philadel
phia—F. W. Wlegman. From Carson City-
Mrs. B. F. Deathridge. Mrs. J. S. Beats
ford. From Victoria — Mr. CauKley and wife.
From Eureka— Mrs. C. G. Stafford, Grace E.
Stafford. From San Jose— Arthur Russ, K. H.
Plate Miss Plate, J. R. Curnow. MIbs Maud
Curnow, Miss Grace Curnow. From Eacrn
monto — C A. York and w'fe. Miss Welenhope.
From Wllllamn — A. Myeis. From Oakland-
Mrs. C. L. Plater. From Sonora— Mrs a.
Nichol. H. A. Clarke. From Osrlr Valley —
Mlea Daniels. From Stockton — F. Cardwpll,
W. II. Post. From Los Angel?* — MIbs V. Sal
t«>r, Mrs L F. Clark, Miss L. Clark, Mrs.
Ryan, the Misses Ryan. Frnm Berkeley— E.
J Foulds. From Mansfield— Bessie L. Jones,
Lclle Jones. From Santa Clara — Albert Har
ris. From Riverside — Miss Johnson. Mrs. Ab
bott and child. Frcm Fresno— A. B. Shaver
and child. From Omaha — Mr?. Jnmes Hodge.
From Stanford University — B. E. Long. From
New York — Mrs. G. Lanslnr.
AT AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — C. W. Phillip*. Mrs. Hermims
Praff E. L. Meyer and wife. Mrs. Anderson,
L,. .Shores. Colonel F. G. Head. J. H. Finley
and wife. Mrs. P. D. - Winters, George P.
Ncppert, T. Barron. A. J. Rankln, R. H.
Murray, Jacob Levy. Mrs. Eva Salomon,
Michael Bain, L. P. Matkln, Miss Sara
Knunitz. F. J. Donnelly and wife. Miss Mac-
Dor.ald W. F. H. Osman. M. D.; Miss L. H.
Taylor,' Miss T. Taylor. E. R. Dally, T. Wil
1 la nis V. Waller. Mr. and Mrs. G. Wallace
Kane,' Charles C. Atchinson. Miss C. H. Mac-
Lond, C. G. Determan, Hpnry J. Pyke, E. T.
Walker, James Barry. T. I). McMahon. A. E.
Larson, William Craig. Miss M. E. Healey,
T. G. Wyatt. # W. A. Plummer and party,
William Marlow. John II . Murphy. C. F.
Wpatherald. Miss M. Halloran, Joseph M.
Hayes. Mrs. F. Kirschner. Mrs. L. Brick and
chiidren; M. Sabadln. John Denhard and wife,
T. S. Williamson. W. J. Hopkins. From An
derson — Thonian G. Taylor. From Los An
geles — W. W. J. Thurston and wife. From
San Rafael— K. A. Redmond.
Though autumn'3 breezes are begin
ning to blow the lingerers at the re
sorts are loth to leave, and the reg
isters still show many names of prom
inent people, among whom are the fol
luwing:
AT UEL MONTE -- - Mr. and Mrs. C. K.
Young, Mrs. Christenson, Mi's. Arthur Lord,
William O'Connor, T B. Efcstland, F. J.
Hllley, Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Osgood. Mr. and
Mrs. O. I,,. Gorham. Mr. and Mrs. D. L. Dorn,
James Horaburgh, Mr and Mrs. H. Dickinson,
Mr. and Mrs. Mandl. Miss LJIlian O'Connor,
F. J. Swentxel. Mrs. Helen HeCht, M. C.
Hlofs, Georse H. Beaver, R. Johnston. San
Francisco; Mrs. H. L. Newell, Miss Newell,
lx)s Angeles; John Parrott Jr.. San Matep;
Douglass Grant. Burllngame; Mr. and Mrs.
Meredith T. Jonps. Philadelphia: Mr. and Mrs.
«.'. F. A. Talbot, Miss Talbot, Miss Ketcham,
Mm. J. W. Cortin. New York; Mrs. L. Voken-
F«eler, Miss Vok-ensaeler, Kobe, Jaran; Frank
ikMmsti, Mr. and Mrs. Urown, New York;
Mrs. W. W. Gordon. New Orleans; Viseomtc
d'Ollono. 1'aiis; Mrs. H. J. liurdwoll. Ohicaso;
Theme lUktr Cincinnati; Miss A. W. Alden,
Boston; A. M. Keller, R. S. ivellog. Milwau
kee; J.'rs. Perry Eyre, Fair Oaks: Mrs. O. H.
Garrctt. Mrs JI. W. Garrett. Miss Cheffeles,
Dr. Wafll.ld, Baltimore; C. A. Curtis, San
Rafa«l; Mr. an-1 Mrs. J. Zimmerman, New
York; Pnnca Konrad, Prlnca Georae, Baron
William neltzenstein. Bavaria; Odr. and Mrs.
R. Oilman Brown, San Francfsco; W. J.
Cassey, San Rafael; S. A. Mobs. Vermont.
AT CAMP ATASCADERC*— Mr. and Mm. B.
B. Edwards, Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Osgood.
Mr*. J. Plover. Mi»s Katherlne Plover and
Mrs. F. Klein. San Francisco: Mi«s Dorothy
Copwpll, Piedmont: Mr. and Mrs. A. S.
Rowan. Captain and Mrs. M. McCloskey, Mrs.
Frank W. Cha«e, Los Angeles; Mrs. R.
Schwartz, Mr. and Mrs. I). Urquhart. Oakland;
Mrs Thomas Dcnlgan, Mr. E. C. Denlgan,
Mrs W. S. Patten and Miss C. Patten, San
Kranci-co: Hiram W. Wadsworth and
family. PaEadeila; Mr. and Mrs. G.
Werner, Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Holmes. Miss Holmes, R. M. Ha.1*.
I'asadrna: Miss Edna May Peirce, Miss M. B.
Pelrc* Mrs. Ruth P^iree-Taj-lor, Philadelphia,
pa.; MIfs F C. Low. Miss Ella Morgan, San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Hanson. Rcd
wM: MisB M. Baksr. San Francisco; E.
Rockstrok, Guatemala; Mr. and Mrs. N. K.
Davis Mr and Mrs. L. 3. Schc-enfeld, San
Franc'lsco;'Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Hoffman, Oak
land:'F. Kromcnberg. San Francisco; E. W.
Ohadbourn. Chicago. M. J. Samuels, Frank
Bhay Jr., Oakland.
AT BARTLETT 'SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — Bernardo Altube, S. Powers. R. M.
Turner, Mrs. James Harvey. From Sacramento
— Mrs. M. Madison, Amy Madison. P. Pender
gast and wife. J. J. Welch, W. M. Welch. J.
G. Rogers. Charles Vanlna. From Oakland —
W. G. Miller, Mrs. Nellie Harvey. From San
Jose — Mrs. M. A. Sullivan. N. A. Sullivan.
From Pinole — M. J. Fonso and wife, Manwell
Nunaa, Antonio Olevera. From Holllster — R.
P. \a> thrnp, Miss Charlotte ' Lathrop. From)
Bartlett Landing — Mr. and Mrs. - Ryan, Birdie
Ryan. From Willows — Andrew A. Teeney,
Irving J. Hagan. Joe W. Hagan, William
Hagan. Joseph Dolaney. From Colusa — A. H.
Stapp. W. T. Stapp. F. W. Brawley. From
Dlxon — Mrs. S. J. Summers. Miss Summers.
From Davlsvllle — J. C. Luft and family. ' Fronj
Placerville — G. M. Carston. From Berkeley —
F. J. Shurlng. From Uklah— F. A. Frasler.
From Hough Springs— Miss Peterson. From
Mount Eden— Justus Gadlng.
AT THE TALLAC: From San Francisco —
Dorothy Zoselsang, W. R. S. Foye, Mrs. M.
Wilson. M. F. Joy. Mrs. John S. Merrill, child
and maid. Dr. and Mrs. I... M. Halcht. W. W.
Williams, Jami's Kennedy and wife, " E.
Blddlc Jr. and vi-lfe. Henry A. Jacobs, Sylvan
Selig. J. W. Whitney. Mr. and Mrs. Max C.
Grecnberg. J. Berg and wife. Edgar Painter
and wife. Mrs. L. Franklin, Mrs. Glen
S-indahl, Joseph G. Carpenter. Mrs. A. L.
Hortsman, Mrs. L. Hunt and two children, A.
Berg. From Stanford I'nlverslty — Mrs. Iceland
Stanford and maid. Miss Jennln Lathrop,
Douglas H. Campbell. From Oakland — W. H.
Quln, Walter B. Bak«well, A. H. Sehlueter.
wife and daughter. From Honolulu — Conrad
von Hamm, R. H. Lochmond, George H.
Robertson. From I^os Angeles — J. W. True
worthy,' wife and two children. Mm. Charlps
Korman, MIfs Forman, William S. Farnell, S.
J. Quint and wife. From Mill Valley — W.
Rlffley and wife From Pasadena — Mrs. W;
Patkei. Miss I. C. Perritt, Mary E. Hand.
From Stockton — J. Jerome Smith. From chl
cagcfcT—A. L. Barton, Albert Russell. From
Frultvale — R. H. Bennett and wife. From
New York — Mrs. J. S. Curtis. Daniel B.
Curtis. From Tonopah — B. H. Hay ward. From'
Goldfleld— M!m Mary A. Curtis. From Rlvcr
sli'e — Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Rumsey, Mrs. W. K.
Marvin. Mr*. A. N. Rhodes, Miss May Rhodes,
Miit-r WJllard Rhodes. From Valley Springs
— Mr. and Mrs. N. W. Flower and maid. From
Rubicon Springs — D. Abbott. From Catallna —
William M. Hunt. From Sonora— Dr. T. H.
MeCftnn and wife. From Truckee — P. L.
Gleascn.
AT SEIGLER SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—John Vahey and wife, E. W. Twain,
A. C. Peterson T. H. Guntz, N. P. Vallejo,
MIfs E. Merllllon, William Pleltge, Ed Davis,
Frank Lawton. MIfs Mat tie Gordon. Miss
A lice' Gordon, Mrs. II. G. Davis. T. H. Hurllck
and v.ltc, Leon Cavvano. John McClellan an&
wife. John L. Farrel, George Duffy. Miss Mary
Dufly. Mii>s Gertrude Duffy, Miss Wilton, Mrs.
M. Hodge. George F. Folley, William Arm
strong. Miss Rose Armstrong, H. M. Ward,
Miss E. F. TurtMson, Miss L. McDonald. Mrs.
I. M. Brown. Ml.«» A. Erickson, I*. F. Turtelson
and wife. KJward Broderlck, J. Conway, J.
McBrearty. Iforman Pankow. Georgo Galoney,
Mrs. J. N. Galonoy, Mrs. M. Godsll. Miss L.
A. Godsll. Robert Hoey. Miss M. McGulre. W.
R. Johnson, Cormo Draghlcevich and wife and
children. From Oakland— Lloyd Sterling. Miss
Agnes Breman. James Long, Mrs. J. Presho,
Miss A. Presho. Mrs. H. Matters", M. Cun
ningham. From Sausallto — Dan Whaley,
Clarence Shaw, Joseph Josephs, Ed Broderlck,
Mrs. F. Jones. Miss Eleanor Whaley. From
Pan Jose — Alice Basslar. From Bakersfleid —
Samuel Meyrr. Ed Davis.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Walsh. James
Cunningham, Mleg Sara M. Ciinnlngham, Mrs.
George B. Wtllcutt, O. C. Coiner, A. B. Seal.
From Oakland— J. L. Wlllcutt, Charies A.
Henry. William Lancland. From Frultvale —
H. O. Willcutt. wife and child. From Sa-5
Matec — Miss Mary E. Nichols. From Sac
ramento — Benjamin Shinkle. From Stockton —
J. L. Blossom, wife and children. From Los
Angeles— E. W. Brltt and wife. Miss Agnes
Britt. M1»p Constance Brltt, G. Holtenhoff Jr.
and wife. From Redding — Miss Rose Schweltze,
Mrs. C. Williams. Mrs. B. E. Stephens. From
iRprna — Harry Stuckey. From McCloud— J. R.
Grlffln. From Montague — H. S. Malhewson.
From Hornbrook — David Horn. From Yreka —
G. A. Johnson. W. J. Balfrey. From uroville
— Gti.rKe Fetherston and wife. From Weavar
vllle—M. Flourand. From Callahan — Alice
Crawford. From Pokegama — Tom Madacn.
From Klamath Falfs— Mrs. W. W. Kazen.
Mrs. J. L. Arnett. F. II. Jacobson and wife.
AT AETNA SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Georce E. S. White. William H.
fcStuvens, Otto Hess. E. M. Maasey, H. Lub
ben, Fred Hess Jr., G. Schwarz and wife,
Rmery W. Elliott and»wlfe, August Stelnmetz,
Mrs. Wleland. From Yountvllle — J. L. Weber.
From Oakville — W. J. Johnson.
AT LAUREL DELL LAKE: From San
Francisco — Mr. and Mr*. H. P. Pontoppldan,
Jerome Henley, Mrs. Jorome Henlejr, Mrs.
Emma Buttens, John J. Butters, Mrs. L.
Robinson, K. S. Dally. James Cunh*. Mrs.
Anita Cunha, P; J. EnrtEht, D. 8. LJnzsley,
F. M. Robinson, John Strcmc Mrs. Kdna
Strong, W. J. Mitchell, E. Sander, James L.
Hoey, Harry Palmer, Elizabeth Gallagher,
William G. Antonovich, John Gavin. From
Santa Cruz — Mrs. T. Meyer, Miss . Sophie
Meyer. J. Center H. • D. Center, Miss H.
Center. From Alaraeda — Mrs. T. Donaldson.
Mrs. O. Herrick, II. D. Taylor. T>. M. Doyley.
From Eureka — Charles Armstrong and wife.
From Ross Valley — J D. Morgan. From
Santa Monica — Charles" D. Petls. From Los
Angcl»s— H. J. Spauldlne. Mrs. H. J. Spauld
lng. Miss Gertrude Spauldlng, Miss Esther
Hl>:iulfi!npr, J. Hendricks. From Santa Barbara
— M. R. Hayden, Chart's Hayden. From Oak
land — G. W. Hramhall, W. O. Bramhall, Frank
Kane. T. M. Robinson, Mr. and Mrs. T. Kelly,
Mrs. Frank Howard, Miss Ethel Howard, G.
W. Sawyer, T. O. Crane, J. W. Crane. R. W.
Clark and wife. G. O. Oliver. J. M. Rouse.
From San Jose — H. H. Laydreth, IxjuIs Meyer,
John Htndricks and wife, T. §Iatcr. From
Chicago — Mrs. Dwyer and son. H. D. Thomas,
Mrs. H. D. Thomas.
\ ' * "
AT BYRON* HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— C. Coldln. Mr. Hess and wife, Mrs.
A. P. Hotaling, Mrs. R. M. Cohen, Mrs.
8chaefer and two children, Mri. -Charles L.
Ackerman, Mrs. C. Meyer and maid, R. C.
Kelly, Charles U Ackerman, Irvlns C. Ack
eiman, Mrs. Adams, L. Dresner, Dr. -F. L.
Stow. M. D. Connolly, Mn. C. Herman.
Georse Orton, John Offennan. J. D. Coghltn,
Mrs. C. C. Morehouss, Mrs. M. Walters, Mr.
and Mr«. Henry Levy, Frank Corbelll, A. J.
Simonds. From Oakland— I>U!a M. Tenny, M.
D.. A. W. Baker. A. Sagen. From Sacramen
to—W. H. Soule. From Piedmont— G. Vanden
pe«reboom and wife. From Hanford — N. Abrams
and wife. From Madera. — James Butler. From
Tracy — D. Lucey. From Stockton — Monroe P.
Mark* J. H. H Martin. From Frultvale —
J. R. Talcott. From Bakersfleld— W. 8. Boggs.
From Woodland — J. B. Rumsy. E. P. Roberta.
From Alainrda — R. A. Domlnjrues, T. S.
Lemos. From Elmhurst — Manuel* P. Duarte.
From Auburn — Mrs. U. G. Hurley. From Mer
ced — B. O. Stickney. From Isleton — F. E. Pe
dro. From Atlanta — M. E. Miller. From
New York — O. H. Clark. From Aberdeen,
Waeh. — Philip Davlea.
AT MARK WEST SPRINGS: Captain Schu
maker. Mrs. Schumaker. E. Dryslen, P. Mc-
Donald, Miss Bessie McDonald, Miss Katie Mc-
Donald, S. F. Orace. Mrs. Grace and child,
Geome Miller, J. c. Calbricht, Mrs. J. C.
Calbrlcht, Mr. Droesel. Mrs. Drossel and
daughter, Mrs. Charles Pikasy, Mrs.
Krunpbolr, A. Y. KajBer, Hans D. Harder,
Mrs. Right, Mr. Williams, Mr. McGulre. Mrs.
McUulre, Mlts McGulre, G. Peters, C. Hynes,
Mrs. C. Hynea, L. Louis, MIbs W. Louis, Mr.
Greenbaum, Mrs. Greenbaum, Mr. Lehman,
Ernest Myer, George Sauer, H. Myer, P. F.
Rathjen.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Mathews. L. Setgler, Mr.
Keithley, Nev Piner. Agnes Asblll. Otto Lang,
Mrs. B. .Hannah, M. J. Burk. W. R. Pond.
Alice Clayton F. N. Lasell K. Frey. Mr. and
Mrs. Emmerich. M. S. Kasach K. M. Wh«e
loclc. H. i>ean. A. Bozio. Mr. and Mrs. Vakey.
Mr. and Mrs. Lankford I* Lankford. E. A.
Coleman. Mrs. P. Fox, Mrs. M. Moore, Miss
B. Sullivan.
AT SUMMER RESORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST .28, 1904.
An English firm Issues picture postal
cards, the purchaser of one of which
can. by mailing: It to the firm with his
name and address on It insure his life
for $2500 for tv.-enty-four hours against
travel accidents.
Lizzie Farrell of 718 Castro street to
night and must answer to a charge
of battery. She alleges that he at
tempted to kiss her and in the strug
gle he handled her very roughly.
30
¦^___^^________^ \ : NEWMAN & LETTN'SOy. w^^^-
new catalogue w . patrons
forMailOrderPatrons 4\ f mm ' C.'"""" fl7 • residing Out-of-town
Send us your name aIW Af rv^/V^ Af ftm X^S. W i\ \vf rVx i<Wfc Write to us for any
and address, and Jill \^0I V TIYVt \v$\\ 0Jt\O K 0\TU\\)M W \\ xhni you a 1 t
we will mail you X*J y^kAM WwJw\w W * W |^V^a^/^\? tt^)o We till MaiiOrcbr
free a copy of our rr . _ ., _. /«»^^»w^ - _-- — t^ upon the day of
handsome Fail Kearny and Sutter Sts. 5fc wjTZa 9 \ tffi rc " »?' of o:dsT: n!so
Catalogue, send samples gladly
soon out . Store Opens S.SO Jt. M., Closes 5.SO P. M. to any address
" FIRST SHOWDSTG, MONDAY. OP =====
The i New Laces for Fall
(First Floor Kearny St.)
Advance styles for Fall have arrived. They are now on display and await your admiration.
You will find here the very choicest varieties and the newest ideas — in fact, this store is recog-
nized' as having one of the finest lace departments in America. And the New Laces are
marked at prices that add charm to the beauty of the goods :
New Venise Festoons, in white, cream New Venise Bands, in white and cream, New Lace Medallions, In yenis: and
and black, In latest patterns, all 2 to 5 ins. wide, large variety to Lierre effects, all widths, in cream
_ widths; per yard $1.OO to $6.OO choose from; yd. $2.0O to $7.OO or white; yard . . . J? 1 .50 to §o.OO
New Lierre Lace Edges, the season's New Lierre Lace Festoons, in white. New Lace Sets, including edge, band,
newest trimming for sleeves, white, cream and black, small and large de- medallions and festoon to match —
cream and black; yd. 30c to #1.50 signs, all widths; yd. $1.50 to $9 all reasonably priced.
Fall Ribbons in Bewildering Variety
(Main AUle Kearny Street)
Ribbons for every purpose — Novelty Fancy Ribbons in latest plaid, stripe, flower and polka
dot effects. Plain Ribbons in every imaginable shade, an assortment so extensive that we are
almost sure to suit everybody. These three special values for to-morrow :
All Silk Soft Satin Taffeta Ribbons, Taffeta Silk Ribbons, 4 inches Double Faced Liberty Ribbons, 4
3 Inches wide, in all colors, exceptional wide, for neck, belt, sash or hair pur- inches wide, superior quality, black,
value, poses, all colors, at white and all colors, special
15c a Yard | 20c a Yard 35c a Yard
Opening Exposition of Black Dress Fabrics
A Magnificent Display of Fashion's Best
(First Floor Kearny St.)
Smart dressers who seek exclusiveness in high-grade Black Dress Goods, will find it here. The
fabrics are the freshest, newest and most fashionable — every desirable weave is at your disposal.
Mohair Roxane— a beau- Courtauld's Crepe de Pa>is, Courtauld's Crepe de Paris, Chiffon Voile, 46 Inches
tiful lustrous material of an exquisite silk and wool in six choice novelty pat- wu i e a r j c h s \\\^ an< j woo j
superior quality, specially fabric, much in demand for terns brought out for this , oK ,^ - a »k » a
adapted forsuitsand skirts, street and evening gowns, season, 4 6inches wide, ex- f f " c and the mo$t dr "*y
48 inches wide, special 46 inches wide, ceptional value at °» shser materials made,
$1.50 Yard $1.75 Yard $2.00 Yard $2.50 Yard
Another Great Sale of Tapestry
(Second Floor Sutter Street)
This time it's 75c and $1.00 Tapestries at 50c a yard — a sale that will interest every hotel
proprietor and housekeeper who reads this item. The Tapestries are full 52 inches wide, in a great
variety of handsome floral, Oriental and conventional designs, in the choicest of colors
— and no material is more suitable for Portieres, Couch Covers or for Drapery — worth
regularly 75c and $1.00 a yard — on sale to-morrow at
Stylish New Gloves for Fall
We Fit and Guarantee Every Pair of Gloves Sold by Us'
(First Floor Kearny St.)
You'll likely find just the Gloves you want to wear with your fall gowns — for the new colors
and styles for fall are all here. The qualities and brands are all of the best — have been tried and
tested by years of experience. These styles much asked for :
The Kayser Silk Gloves, with two Mocha Gloves — of fine quality The Maggionl — a 3-clasp Glore
clasps and double tipped fingers, pique, with two clasps, Paris point made of the finest selected kid skins,
black, white and colors, embroidery, black and colors, all new shadw, also black and white,
50c and 75c a Pair $1.00 a Pair $1.50 a Pair
Graceful Corsets for the Fall Gown
(Third Ploor Kttrny St.)
Great care is exercised by us in the sale of Corsets, for we realize how important they are in
the matter of comfort and proper fit of dress. We show over forty new models that give grace and
elegance to the wearer. Here are a few special descriptions :
At $1.00 — of fine white Batiste, At $1.75— of white Linen Batiste, At $3.00 — of French Coutille, In
princess hips, bias cut front, low bust straight front, bias cut, low bust, long black or white ground with colored
— with garters attached. hips — extra fine value. figures, long dip hips and low bust.
At $1.5O — of heavy Sateen, in At J $2.75 — of heavy French* Cou- At $3.oO— of heavy French Cou-
white, drab or black, very low bust, tille, in white, drab or black; erect tille, straight front, long princess hips,
straight front, long princess hips— form, with extra long hips and very low bust, real whale-bones — white
with garters attached. low bust — for stout figures. , only — superior quality.
- - J x-. WW V: ADVi:nTISE3IEXTS.
I FOR FASTIDIOUS FOLK
* We take a special pride in our ability to successfully 'shoe
K those who arc the most difficult to suit both in style and fit. To
g dn th:s satisfactorily demands, first, a special knowledge of the mani-
g fold needs of the human foot: and, secondly, a stock of scientific-
ally made zrA fashionable shoes, which will meet every requjre-
j merit.
I . This is Kaufmann's specially — and our d: ; '^ t - increasing trade
f proves how much the shoe- buying public a;>; . > ate our efforts.
< The following examples are some of our latest offerings in
j fashionable footwear— and for style, beauty and perfect fitting can-
s' not be excelled.
i JJ __-i No. i — A street boot, made for
I *] exclusive hi^h-grade trade, where
I YJ^ii^-r*! workmanship of the highest order is
t K' Vv r *j npprcciatcd; has a marked custom
£ \'^ look that appeals to particular
, fij^Epoi^C* women; m.idc of imported black
ij^-^^^G^sP^ Russia calf, hand-sewed. Price ?o.OO
X - 2 A strildng Dre^s Boot—
'J. paler.t k>' ramp ar.d d=il mat kid
S lops a combination of qrality, style
s~ : •::. Price >u.OO Ij v > fck
Tte sar-r boot in larc v.-ith silk- *-"
!> Tv^rk?d eyricts.
j a No. 3 — A dainty, attractive slipper,
I? /&&>- made of imported light patent leather,
a tS^^C^- opera style, like cut, neat satin bow,
* v£?^!^\X medium French heels; exclusive de-
V^^y^SiV s:;rn — shown by us only. Price Jj>!5.J»O
;j No. 4 — A Gentleman's Boot — A ffiSK.
r - flat, narrow. custom-toM model. Y$?*£|>v e^^^>
¦¦'¦ sh< ct in either imported black Ru«- Kt^Sv^^ "^v^*^?-^
F-ia calf or patent colt >k:n — a =rr.art -*V^tf§\.
{u fall shoe for ihc fwcUest dre^srrs. JsS^SftjK
The same !v ¦-¦¦ in himon, both t$&yv3»s»m
% patent : ! black imported Russia, ""^^S^^ 1^^
No. 5— A child's fa> novelty— the
•5 jj i lower part (vamp) is of imported
J | *\ patent leather — the tops of cham-
£ i */s pagne colored kid — white eyelets; a
if *^_ fine, light shoe for the little "tot.
*?^5**»v *a^ Sizes I to SV2 $1,125
! l^lc^P^^p^P^^ Sizcs 5^ tn 8> with s P rir) K heels..
h Just received. Ladies' Bronze Lace Shoes and Oxford Ties with
\ French heels. ,
Regular price $3.00. I sell It for
$1.25. You can nenrer enjoy the
limit of pleasure In shaving until you
have used a STAB SATETT BAZO5.
Z "WANT YOTTR OXJ> SAZOK tor
my collection. "Will make you m. liberal
allowance for it on a now one. I sell
good Razors as low as $1.00-
POCKET KNIVES, rood ones, at
Sl.OO and upward.
SCIS3OHS as low as 25c. Other
lines of Cutlery at moderate prices.
Two bars "Williams' Shaving Soap,
15c
Razors honed and ground. Honinff,
25c
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET STKEET. Odd. Tilth.
BAN FRANCISCO.
'I Choice w
| Colors H p er pr B
Black P
Salesroom 200 Post Si. H
I Corner Grant Ave. t2
DO YOU WANT SOAP?
Then why not make tt jrourtelf — very cheap.
A barrel of eood «oap for $1 30. . W« furaUi*
you formula for 25c.
JUKA. sole aseat. 053 Folsom »t. 8. 7.,'Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Be sure to see the countless exquisite importa- 1
tions to be displayed during our... 1
September 1st, 2d, 3d. I
THURSDAY, FR.IDAY, SATURDAY I
First Floor— Street, Hats, Children's Hats I
• *» < l» »vl ' La a w • It!
Second Floor — Pattern Hcts, Dress Hats, Tail- I
ored Hats. 1
Third Floor — Waists, Skirts, Petticoats. 1
Fourth Floor — Cloaks, Suits, Furs, I
Millinery £><Suif House I
Lai'scst, Exclusive Mill ncry and Suit, House in San Francisco. I
. Four Floors of Millinery, Clocks «nd Suits ::::::•' ft
919 Market St. INEWS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY.
ALAMEDA, Aus. 27. — The days of
the volunteer fire department of this
city are numbered and in a very short
time a paid department will be in
stalled. • A report to this effect was
submitted last night by Trustee* Dr.
H. M. Pond. The recommendation
was called forth by an ihvestlaratlon
made by the Boar<J of Trustees of a
recent fire in Sherman street.
Trustees Decide That Volunteer Ser
\lcc No Longer Affords Ade
.' qnate Protection.
AIiASlEDA SOOX TO HAVE
PAID FIRE DEPARTMENT
"We agree with a majority of our
people that the racing wheelmen on
Sunday should dress in more refined
taste. It has always been a very un
pleasant sight to us and we believe
the matter should be regulated and
the rights of the people respected.
"It is undoubtedly very offensive to
many people and it seems to us that
a regulation costume could be pur
chased' that would work Just as well
and not shock the young people who
are on their way to church or home
ward bound."
The costume that has given such
offense exposes the arms and legs of
the riders to about the same extent
as a bathing suit and it Is Contended
by cyclists that It Is the regulation
suit recognized, all over the country
and used at all race meets, where
thousands of women congregate to
see the races.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27. — The exposure
of brawn and muscle exhibited by
racing bicyclists in the neighborhood
of Haywards has shocked the Puritan
taste of some of the citizens of that
town and a petition has been present
ed to the Board of Trustees In part as
follows:
Citizens of Haywards Object to Cos
tumes of Wheelmen and Petition
for Ordinance Regulating Them.
\TAXT BICYCMSTS TO
WEAR MORE CLOTHING
• BERKELEY, Aug. 27.— The first half
hour of music of the new term will be
held In the Greek Theater at 5 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon. An attractive fea
ture has been arranged for this concert,
.consisting of selections by Arthur
Weiss '07, the 'cellist, and Albert I.
Elkus '06, pianist. Harvey Loy '99 will
be the accompanist. The public will be
welcomed and there will be no charge
for admission. At these half-hours of
music last winter the audiences ranged
from 3000 to 5000 people. In order to
prevent any interruption of the pro
gramme the lower entrances will be
closed at 5 o'clock, and late comers or
any persons wishing to leave before
the completion of the programme will
be compelled to use the upper en
trances.
Members of the university orchestra
will hold the next meeting Tuesday
evening in Stiles Hall, when important
business j matters will come up. A. L.
Maxwell has been chosen leader of the
orchestra this year, and will begin at
once training the musicians for con
certs here and at the Knights Templar
conclave in San Francisco.
Six hundred and fifty-four students
have been admitted this year to the
university, against 578 on a correspond
ing date in 1903. The number of gradu
ate students thus far admitted is a few
less than that of last year.
The Alumni Association of the medi
cal department will hold Its next bi
monthly meeting In the rooms of the
Philomath Club In San Francisco Mon
day evening. Professor Edmund O'Neill
of the chemistry department will deliv
er an address on "The Elixir of Life."
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Montreal will spend $3,000,600 In the
improvement of its wharves.
Hanging lifeless by a cord tied to
his bedpost Hans Remien. a gardener,
57 years of age, was found this morn
ing in his room at 822 Linden street.
No message was left for his relatives
to tell them of the somber thoughts
that disquieted his last days. He
went to work as usual yesterday
morning and returned last night with
out an intimation that he had any
thing unusual in contemplation.
When the body was discovered this
morning it was stiff and cold and life
had been extinct for many hours.
Remien had tied a_ piece of clothes
line to his bed post and at the other
end he made a noose, which he put
around his neck and Q then allowed
his weight to hang on the cord. Death
was caused by strangulation.
He leaves a brother living at 1015
Seventh street and a sister in San
Francisco. He was not In financial
need, as he had about $1000 in .bank.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 27.
The first Btep toward an organized
campaign for improvement bonds was
taken to-day, when the campaign com
mittee of the Progress Federation of
Oakland formulated plans for the es
tablishment of a city central headquar
ters and the appointment of sub-com
mittees in each ward of the city. It
was decided that the campaign com
mittee, which Is composed of seve'n
members, one from each ward, shall
act as a central committee, whose duty
it shall be to secure speakers for all
bond meetings held under the direction
of the various ward committees.
The ward committees will be com
posed of three members each, who will
be chosen, as far as possible, from
among the officers of the various im
provement organizations, and upon
these sub-committees will devolve the
work of securing halls and arranging
meetings In the different wards. It is
purposed to hold these bond meetings
in each of the wards In turn In order
that practically the same speakers may
deliver addresses in all parts of the
city.
The first meeting under the auspices
of the campaign committee will be held
next Thursday evening. H. B. Belden,
chairman of the committee, received a
communication to-day from Council
man John L. Howard, who said that he
had prepared a paper on "Bond Pro
jects" which he would read at the meet-
Ing.
The campaign committee met this
afternoon at the office of H. B. Belden,
chairman of the committee. The mem
bers of the Progress Federation bond,
campaign committee, which will here
after be known as the city central com
mittee, are H. B. Belden, George Sam
uels, J. C. Bullock, P. M. Fisher, J. C.
Estey, A. V. Feigrht and Edwin Stearns,
secretary of the Board of Trade.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 27.
Bedpost and Clothesline
Give Exit From Life for
One Disappointed Man
First of a Series of Mass
Meetings Will Be Held
Next Thursday Evening
LEAVES NO MESSAGE
WOKK IS SYSTEMATIZED
Hans Eemien, a Despondent
Gardener, Ties a Noose
to* the Head of His Bed
Progress Federation Com
mittee to Establish City
Central Headquarters
HANGS HIMSELF
IN HIS ROOM
WILL COMMENCE
BOND CAMPAIGN
¦ ¦ ¦ ,.-¦¦' .... . . . . ¦ .
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, AUGUST 28. 1904.
31
-\DVKnTistLMt:vrs. - ~y--
11 1
_Dry Goods Company.
Cream of the market in First Showings of Laces and Trim-
minss, replete with Novel Ideas and Up-to-Date Patterns.
LACES
Point Gaze, Pompadour, Lierre, Mechlin and Vcnise Laces
—In Galons, Festons, Inserting*?, Edgings; Demi
Flouncings and AHovers to match.
NOVELTY TRIMMINGS
Passementerie Braided Spangled Novelty Braids
SPANGLED ROBES
Novelty Spangled Dobcs— In all the newest colorings
are just opened. °
These lines are without doubt the
Strongest ever shown by vs : : : :
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Ge&ry acd'Stockton Streets, Union Squara.
AMUSEMENTS.
to-nTght
AND ALL THE WEEK
Matinee Saturday
ARNOLD DALY Announces
THE DELIGHTFUL COMEDY
Bernard Shaw's Masterpiece.
PRICES— Orchestra. $2; Dress Circle, $1 50;
Balcony, first seven rows, $1; next seven rows,
75c; Second Balcony, 50c and 20c.
starting fig^ ey F^T* /2?
MONDAY OCl i m ZJr
First Time In San Francisco In Ten Years.
Mr. KYRLE BELLEW
Supported by Original Company, including
E. M. HOLLAND, in the Celebrated
Dramatic Study In Criminology.
w-% /¦ ET CT f ET £^ Tbe AMATEUR
t\/AMr^l~EZ+Z} CRACKSMAN.
Seat Sale Begins Thursday
[grand ssS
|! MATINEE TO-DAY — LAST WEEK !
Mr. James NEILL;
\\ UN PERU
j! Mr. Neill us " I I Miss Chapman ]
>' Bertie Cecil \ gtf£ I as Cigarette ;.
\\JFLacTs\\
|: FIRST TIM: at 15c, 25c, 50c|:
AT P A7 AB Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR 3*e5sk
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — LAST TIME
WHITE %VHITTLESEV.
In the Popular Romance,
THE PRIDE OP JENNICO
TO-MORROW NIGHT — ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Evg.. 23c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat., 25c to 50c
lA/HIXJE I AND THE ALCAZAR CO, |
\A/HITTLbi»EY
In Clydo Fitch's Colonial Drama,
NATHAN H^ALE
FIRST ALCAZAR PRODUCTION.
MON., SEPT 5— Starting with LABOR DAT
MATINEE— MR. WHITTLESEY in
ROBEF* r riM/VlET
The Original Brandon Tynan Version.
-.CALIFORNIA—.
TO-NIGHT
MR. FREDERICK BELASCO Presents
FLORENCE ROBERTS
• .., . —IN—
"Tess of the
D'Urbervilles"
Vv* Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
NEXT SUNDAY— "SAPHO."
SEAT SALE OPENS TOMORROW.
Mats. — Wednesday, Friday (Admission
day). and Saturday. .
Market St. Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
MATINEE TO-DAY . 0T yrr ¦ m ,
to-night A or 1 AT
LAST TIME OF THB . ~ U1 l al
IH^lt^- PORT ARTHUR
TO-HOREOW JIBHP&r'E l E i£
. " Btnpendous Double Bill'
Francis Powers' Famous Chinese Play, .
TEE FIKST BOBR.
AH the Original Chinatown Scenes.
j All the Original Incidental Chinese, Music!
The Chinese Play Will B« Preceded by the
Rollicking Farce Comedy. . - ; • f - ; ¦
TURNED UP
DDTPHC! ' Evenings — lCc to 50c.
riUbliOi Matinee*— 10c. 15c. 25<5.
|ASTHMANOLA|
¦ ' is tha only enre for tfervom and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
.Tour Druggi3t or at DOS HAIGHT ST..;
- ' ¦ Ean Francisco, CaU _ /
RAIJLWAY TRAVEL
| LIMITED TO CHICAGO If
I LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS i
3 at !>:"{O a. m., throngrh in II days, §3
E with diaer and all trapping's. Bd
Other Santa Pe Trains i
a-.TO L m" 1 f0T etockton . Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8:00 p. m! J Merced. Hanford and Visalia.
4:0"} p. rn. for Stockton.
6:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chioaco.
TICKET OrriCES — 041 Market St. and
Perry Depot. S. P. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL 37 South First SL,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
ikH (F/fiCiSCO kM NORTH PACIFi:
hailwat coaiPAirr.
Tlburcn rerry. root of Market Street.
SAW rHAIf CISCO TO SAW SATAZL.
W'tEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 8:00, 11;UU a. m.;
12:35. 2:20. 3:40. 6:10. 5:50, 6:3u and 11:3«
p. m. •
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:38.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30 11:30 p. ra.
SAW K&rAEI. TO SAW r&AZTCXSCO.
WliEK DATS — «:05. 6:50. 7:SB. 7:60. »:20.
11:15 a. to.; 12:50. t2:00, a:10, S:O0, 5:-0.
U: 25 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a, m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:0O. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. ra.
? Except Saturdays.
Leave J In Effect J Arrlva
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. [ San Fran.
"tt"»t!k I Sun- I Bestina- I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | tloa. | days. [ Days.
7:.Wa 7:43a 7:45a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
6:00 a 9:30 a Imacle. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:SOp 2:30 p 6:00 p «:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:23 p
8:45 p|
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
800 a 8:00 a Novata. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:-T0p 9:30 • Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Eanta Rosa. 8:45 p
7:3Oa| 7:30a 10:20 a 10:20 a
P:00a S:0Oa Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 pi 2:30 p 8:45p 7:25 p
~~ Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30* Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30p Geyserville. 17:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdtle. |
7:30 a< 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:3Opi2:30p| and Tjktah. | 7 :25 p| 7 :25 p
I j Wlllits. J I
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. I 7:25 pf 7:25 p
~8-O0a| 8:00 a! Guerneville and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. I 8:«5pl <*.:2ftn
"8:00 at 8:O0a »:4Oa 8:4i>a
t:10 p' »:•':'> a Sonoma. 6:OOp 0:20 p
I 5:10 p Glen Ellsn. ?i**LP
7-30ar7~:3Oaj fl0:2O a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 0:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
fcuiphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for BurUe's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
\llle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, L&keport and Bartlett
6Drir.gs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day'*. Riverside. Llerley's. Buckneirs.
Far.hedrln Heights. Hcllrllle. Orr's Hot
Eprtngs, Halfway House. Conaptcbe, Camp
£teven». Hopkin*. Mendocino City, Fort Brags,
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Wtstport. Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo, Layton-
vllle, Cummins, Bell's. Springs, Harris, Olsens.
D >er , GarbervllJe, Pepperwood, Scotia and
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. '
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San R&fael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
bJ JAS? r L FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
f|S3p|p||2||8ljj To SAN RAFAEL,
I^^^^M ROSS VALLEY,
!c|ii§pSlli HILL VALLEY,
j^^^^g CAZADERO, Etc.
iH^^^^^S^S} Via SausaUto Ferry.
BUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6SO. 7:10. 7:45. S:»O. »:15. 10:00, 11:00 a. rn.
m'i -40 a. m. Bausalito only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:15,
4:«6. 4:35. »:«. 0:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:00. 10:20
ii^5 P. «n. Sundays and legal holidays depart
airift, ''.to. 8:30. 9:15, 10:00, 11:00. a?*"
!. nV. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. «•»
t:15T 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 0:00. 10:20. llfzi
P 'A^riv« at Ean Francisco, week days. C-ir
7W. 7*S5. 8:1S. 8:45 »:S5. 10:20. llrwV i?'
XSTW. 1:25. 2:50 3:35. 4:20. 5:03. 5M 0 , e^*
6 "» T:55, 10:u5. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
fk.fl holidays extra trains arrive , t 12:45. 2:Si.
b For P Fs^ax. week days, depart at 7:45 a. m
s-15 P. m.. 5:15 p. m. <ex. Sat.). On Sunday';
fnd Ural holiday. .%\^:^O.9:15. , o foo
11 00. 11:40 a. m- 12.20. 1:00, 1:45, 2.30, 7 :1 j
."d 8 15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. to. dally— Caiadero and way stations
9:15 a. ra. Sundays only— For Point Iteyea]
et -:':15 s>- m- *ally except Sunday— For C»2«.
C B-ift f>. hi- dally tucoept Saturdar and Sun-
flay— For Feint Iteye*. etc.
7:1S P. »•• Stindays only— For Point Reyes.
etc.
fi-15 p. rn.. Sundays only — ForCatadero, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— €2C Market et.
FERRY — Union Depot, loot ot Market >U
i AMUSEMENTS.
r ¦"——¦—¦¦-«¦— ¦¦™— —m BaBaBsaaaasasaB^
WEEK COMMENCING THIS AFTER-
NOON. Aur^st 2*.
A BIG NEW SHOW !
"OUR BOYS IN BLUE"
Kronau's Great Military Spectacular
Sensation, Intrrilueir>E' Inrt;ana.'s
CRACK DRILL CORPS.
* ¦ '" ' " ¦ " ' "' "' ¦' ¦¦¦ ¦ WW^M^WW
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Kelcy
Presenting "A Ycunsr Parson's Predica-
ment."
HASBY PIABL
KLEIN anil CLIFTON
Eccentric Comedy Singers and
Pancera.
PAUL BARNES
Monoloslst and Singer.
The Musical Goolmans
High Class Novelty Instrumentalists.
"WILLIAMS & TUCKER"
In Their Original Creation. "Sklnny*a
Finish."
TRELOAR
The Premier Athleta and ex-Harvard
Varsity Oarsman. Assisted by
MISS EDNA TEMPEST.
Orpheum Motion Pictures
Showing the Latest Novelties.
Last Week and Entirs Chang* of
Max end Julia" HEINRIGH
America's Mo»t Distinjruiahed Concert
Art'.sts.
Regular Matinees Every "Wednesday,
Thursday. Saturday arai Sunday.
Prices— 10c. 25c and COc.
H. W. EISHOP. Lessee and Manas«r.
SATURDAY.
BEPT. SD— Every Night Thereaft«?r— SEPT. ST>
Matineea — Thursdays. Saturdays and Holt-
days.
OLIVER MOROSCO OFFERS
THE MAJESTIC THEATRE COMPANY
Direct From New York.
In a Magnificent Scenic Production of
T " E PALACES KING
PpIfCC Night— 25c, S3c. COc: a fair front
liUbLO rows 75c. Matinees — 25o and 50c.
Thursday Bargain Matinee, 25o to all part*
of the house — reserved.
BOX OFFICE OPENS MONDAY. AUCk 23.
Phona South 433.
P. J. RSXZAT TeULz*
JAS. P. OEACE ....S3i99«9
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28
Classic
Reserve Event
72 Courses 72
SPORT AND-:
"A CHANCE TO BPECUIaACT JBVZKX
THHEB MXNT3TE8.-
TRAIN SERVICB BOTH WATS.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:11 «a4
1 p. m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia »tr*«t» St»
minutes later. Retarnina; at 4:43 p. m. aad
after the last course. San Matoo eieotrto «axa
; every four minute* durlas th* day.
INGLESIDE
COURSINOARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Oaantag will besln at 11 o'clock sbar» a&4
ecr.tlnus until tho last wlnnlns flat gets o>.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
An Mlsston-st. ears transfer to Omrxwo
ears, which so direet to tb*> park.
JOHN GRACE. jBdr*.
EDWARD SHOIITSTAO, Btypsaw
Hllh-Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evenln* In the Theater.
tt-vtptrE COMEDY FOUR: CAMPBELL ANT>
JOHNSON; ANDY RICE; MARCC3 AND
GAUTELLE; MAUD ROCKWELL; MABEL
LAMSON AND THE AMERICAN BIO-
GKA 3 H BABY LIONS TS THB ZO<X
. * •
CDCPI1I ChUdran Vlslttasr til* C2ivt«s
OrtUJAL Sunday Korniaffs win b« artrsm
ticiets for tfca MinUtuxa Electric Sail-
road, Ferris Wheel and Galloplnsr Hotimi
WITHOUT EXTEA CSAXQZ.
Admlmlon. 10o; CMWr«a. K
A3TOSEaiENTS. I
SUN FRAHGISCO 7 DAYS
SEPTEMBER 12-18
Show Oronnds, Eleventh and Market St». (
2 F^rformacces Daily at 2 and 8 p. xn.
Doors Open One Hour Earlier.
OiUvrCJ* snows
The Big-srest Show of All Times, Fait or
Present, Surpassing* In Scope, Mogul- j
tnde and Grandeur Anything Before j
Attempted.
S3.700.000 Inverted. 85 Railroad Cars.
S7.4C0 Dally Ex-20 Separate Tents.
Pe* 1 "' , 12 Acres of Canvas.
1200 People. An -ni __«,._?-
375 StarPerformers. 4^^ 1^ 11 , 1111 **-
50 Muslclana. 20 Camels.
200 Unique Acts. . 650 Horse*.
At Each Performancs.
ChaUen^es Death in His Sensational Act.
LEAPING THE GAP
A Bicycle 'jump of 52 Feet — the Moat Hazard-
ous and Thrilling Feat Ever •--
Accomplished.
European Stars Appearing tn America for th«
First Time.
THE 4 CLDRCDS
"World's Chnmpfon Novslty and Darinf
liareback Riders.
THE 4 BEDIMS
Italy's Premier Equestrians.
THE COLIM-CAIRONS
Famous Parisian Troublllon Dancers,
THE 7 GLIVStRETTIS
Europe's Mcst Celebrated Acrobats.
THE KAUFFMAN FAMILY
Phenomenal Bicycle Experts.
Incomparable JACKSON FAMILY
Bollard Tronpe, Dacomas, riying- rishen,
3 Rlos, Fortixns Brothers. Tasmanlan
Tronpe, Qenaro £; Thecl, and 300 More
Peerless Performers.
AMAZING ANIMAL ACTORS
3 HEKTS PERTOBMIKO ELEPHANTS.
CAPT. WEBB'S 2 GKOTTPS OP EDU-
CATED SEAI.S.
And Squadrons of
Marvclously Trained Horses
The Meet Sublime Spectacle of All Times.
Jerusalem and the Crusades
A Dazzlinar Picture of Beanty, Ufa,
¦ Color and Motion, Entrancing Terp-
sichcrean Bevels Before Jeru-
salem's Oriental Despot.
Exquisite Grand Ballet Diver»is»raent
50c Tic.iet Admits to Everything;. Chil-
dren Under 12, Half Price,
BIQ FRI'E STEEET PAEADE AT 10.
Admission Tickets and Xumb«red Reserved
Soatq will be en sale during 1 the engagement at
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Music Store, Kearny
snd Sutter tstr«ets. at exactly the same price
charged at ticket wagons on the show grounds.
AN UNSURPASSED PRODUCTION.
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
- The- best.' the funniest and 'most "compl«ts>
musical burlesque.
A Company of ' Mirth- Conquerors.
DOROTHY MORTON.. RICE & CADT.
GEOROIA O'RAMEY ...BOBBY NORTH.
EDWIN CLARK BEN 'DILLON.
FLOSSIE HOPE PEARL. HICKMAN.
.. Unrivaled Chorus <vf Forty. New and Catchy
Song Hits. Twenty Great Specialties. Scenery
and Cof>tum!ns Never Surpassed.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Special Matinees on Labor Day, Monday,
Sept. 8; Admission Day, FrWay, Sept. 9.
STRICTLY POPULAR PRICES.
Burlesque to follow. "MISS MAZUMA," by
J. C. Crawford.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
% RAILWAY TRAVED.
S£*C .H^v *****»• !••?• tnd are doe
f^jC* l ' >>? JJv to arrlTe at
(oL^^^ZJ 8AN FRANCISCO.
*^S (Foot of Market Street »
> r * r « ~ MAIN LINE.
?"£9* Vto " r JI' e - WJnter*. Mv.-n.iti ,. 7 &Q P
;*2a B-nJ^la. Elmtrm»Bd 8acr«ai*nu>^ 7.2OP
7^ W A V»i!eja. Nupv Callftoz*. t»at»
__. „"•>•». Martioei. San lUmoa «.20t»
LzF A s '•'¦"•¦ Trary. L»thro,i. Stockroa.... 7 20p
W)0Afh»rt» ExprcM— (Vt» D«t!»>.
W!l!!*ai» (fcr Dartlett S»rlnr»>.
WJ!low«. ?Krnto, U«H Uluff.
PorUaad. Tacoma. Seattle 7-50»
I CC* Da»l».\Vooaian«l. V.n ehrs I.nncin;.
"_!. Marrir'.;!»!. Cfcico. Urovllle 7-SO*
IZCa Tort Cotta. Mart'^tex. Antlwch.
BTron. Tracr. 6tockfon. New- '
»«r. Lo* l ; nuoi. M'Rilon. ,
Artnoov Uanfurd. V 1 • a 1 1 a.
: . Pon^rr!Me 4 20^
tZ?» fvr: Costa. Modeito. MerredL
Fre*no. tifwhen .Jnnctlva, lira-
tori. Vt»«Ua. Oakcriiflcli 4 50p
tZtlA Nile*, gan Jo#e, I.irermorc. Stork-
\~?>. (*M11toB). loac. 6«cr«Ttienta.
* * ¦ MarrtTliie. Cblco. 1U><1 Bluff .... 4.20P
• ¦IT* Oakdaie. Ch!nc«e. JtuaniUtirn. So
nor*. Taoiumsf and Arcf'o 4-20?
8 P?a Ai.nntlcKtpre**— Ojcdtf «.ad tut. 6 20p
I-SCa ::¦<¦:! -iK'Ti'l, itartluez acd IVr.j
M • Station ?... A B50P
Otntba, < 1 iVif«,VitB»iT, Caocaj
*.«.— Cut. Ft.lx> s t»....^. 6 20P
«rOA Tallejo 1220*
•C-CU*. Los Aur-T£« Pasteafer — Perl
Costa. Mrrtlnrr, nyraa, Tmcy.
l*t!irop. Jm'.ock ton. Mrrced.
li*} v.iQi-.\Jl r- 'i.*. Ooshrc June-
Vosl Jlrcvirfl. I-»"moore, Vltaiia,
BtVcr»Crtfc. Lei Aneele* 7.20p
\t .rr«* Qufvard. N'l'n n:,-l TTay Statloas. '20p
«1X)Cp SacrBiacntvKlvrr Bte«mrrs Ml. CUP
S-JCp Bestrt*. »i inter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. WllJ«rra. Katicbt*
l.andlBK. MarysrlUe. OruTiila
and way *ut:ona 1050a
ISCp !!ay»^rd. Nllfs and Way Stations.. 7-$Qp
4 IC*> Mi-l!nn,S»i; l!«m»ii.Vu;>;.j,Sip»,
C«U*»ca.8»ctaHw«a 9 20a
<rt!P KJIca. TracT. Ktockico. Lodl 4.20P
<:C(-!!«r»iirt Kiln, lrrt&£tem. Caal '8.2O*
Joe. Ltrtrmun » MI.CSa
IZZp Tbe Owl L:mlied— Newcian. L01
I'.»iius. Mrndoia. Tretao, Tnlara,
BtkenSeM. LotAereles 8 50*
15 3Pp Htjr ward. N Uet ami fcan Jose .»... 7.20a
t XCp Uaywar£. Unesaod Par. Join. 8 iO*
(¦¦ClP LaetcTa Eipr«-»»— Or den. Unsba.
CUIrm^o. I>euT«r. K>»Mt t'iir,
Ct. lx>«!s. via Manlnrz. f:»rktoa.
Sacranirr.Ui. Co'faz, Krno...... 12 f-C*
t OCf Vallrjs. <l*l'.j, 'zcrpt BUDday... . I 7 t fi _
7*C*-Va!!c)o. Sunday only f «•»•"•
JS.ZP ht<-bmoa<!. fan Pablo. Port Ccett,
Marlines aud Way gutlona 11.20a
".CC* ,';rw P»ss»aser— 1'crt Co*ts. Rul-
scn. ElKtra. Iiarla. fifnaifBta,
Truckee. I. af- Tatase. lit uo,
Toooi««b. Sp«'ks 7-S0a
§ CBp Pot: CosUk J!»rmi l i. Cyron,
Tracy, Laihrop. Modesto.
Merr«d. Utrr:. a. Prrsno cad
Way Statlncs byroad Port C«*ta 12-20*
t-CSP Toarmtie Valley, via i'.cr»oda auJ
Wawona 850a
S-C&p Uarrtcex.Tr«y. Stockvos 1023*
( C- P Oreffosj * CalKon'.* i:«|>re«i--!P»c-
r»r rn'.o, MarjfvlMe, tt9<td!a(;,
Portlmtid. Pncct Sound i*<l East. 8. 53*
S.ICp Uaywant. Kile* and San Juse (Sub-
- e»>-«)nry> 11.60 a
COAST LINE (>arr»w Uim S * h
(Foot of Mtrcet 8:re»t )
746a BsritaeruzEicnniociSnndaTonly) 8.10 s *
t Ma :«<¦ wark. Oent^rville. &oa Joe*,
Feltun. Hou.ii.-r ( rr^i. U'pBaf la.
Smota Crux and Way StiUons... 6 SSp
- t(.1SA Al'sni-'. Newark, ban .'.-.'. i.o*
Gatos.GleowoMd. Fe!!o«. IlonMer_
Creek. l!!sr Batln. Situ Crcs.... 810P
ft 15i> Sewerk, Centerrllle. fan Join,
Kew Aiin.»''»n. L>,» (ittof Te'ton,
Hvi'd'r i tci tc, 6aats Crui aad
Pr!:Vpal Way f ta:'.i.-ai 10 55*
* 'ft> N«»arr. 6#n Jotc. Lei Gatas *6 56*
4.1 5p WriKfct. Boolder tiwk and 9K2ta
Ctb«. Satnnlay and Eacday <<nly. fcfl.SSA
COAST LINE <«road «.a««*).
Mf* «1bir«l »p.l TowntKtKi Strerta.)
$ 1CA Can Jncixl ITey Stations 6 3Cp
»7 00a§«» Jo»« a«d Way bu;'.cni S.40P
7.16 a i!ont "-Tty aod Saou Crax Hi cor
tloii <Saa<l*j on!) ) IOIOp
I^J3a N«w Almaden (Tae«, ¥r\i.. only). 4.10*'
iX*- * he Ccaftrr — Saa Juse, b\ V'ni,
Ban Ardo, Paco ItoUea. KMita
M»r«r«rl!». San I,-f» Ohtar>o.Santa .
Barbara. &aa liueuatrDlnrt,
Mcratalvo. Oxn&rd. liarosxk. Los
Aajeles 10 4Sp
tSOAOV.rof, UolMttrr. Canroviiir. Del
Moste. PaelSc Grore. St f . IiO»-
poc 1045»>
I.CCa San Jote. Trc« I"c - tr«« rtTllle,
Capltoia, baata Cm*. PaclCe
drove. Satfaas S*n I •• • Oblspo
aad Prlsetp*! War 6i»Uons. ... 4.1QP
IC If* bta Jut aad Way Sti-!-.n« I.23p
ti iC* 6»r.i* Clara. San Jmc. !.•¦• Gatoa
aad Way 6tatlon* 7.30p
1 3Cp tan Jose aad Way BtatlODi 8 36a
tlttCpDel Mcaie Kzprena (except Baa-
day) — Santa Clara, ban Joto,
w»i#onV!f. Suets Crur. Del
Moo'.e, Uosterey. I'ael&c Grore. tl2.15P
SZCf HarnuK»mr. i*»a Jo**. GProy. IIol-
tiru-r. Tn • Plao.PaJaro.Watson-
Ttlle. Capitola, Sacta Croz. C"»»-
trort:ir.Sa::nas. PaelSc CroTe... 10 4Sa
4 JQp Pan Jose and Way Stations t8 03a
t& CSp rsr.ta Clara, San Jose, L01 Uatoa,
VTrtrbt and principal Way tta-
Uons (exrep: Sunday) tSCOA
J5 lOr- &anJoseandPrloc!palWay6tat!ons {9.4CA
6 <&»» tcn»rt Express.— Uedwood. San
Jos«,Oilrvy.£a]!naa.Pasu Uoblra,
6an Lcls Oblspo, Santa Dmrhar*.
Ia» Anrelea. Iteming. K! Paso.
>"ew Orlcana. J»'«w Xork 7.10«
¦ 45p rajaro, Wat»OBT!!!e. Capltoia. I ttfl __
Emm Cmx. CMiniraie,
Xlcste, Pariflc Or*** \ T '«»¦*''
¦1t-T5o t*i>Uatc«.ISere«ror<l,U«lnioot.6&a
i^rloa. l«edwr«d. Fair Oaka.
UeclaPark. Palo Alto 16 «C»
6-SSp fc«n Jw« and Way &U.UOBS C5Sa
fc OOf T»:o Aito sad Way Stations 1U-16*
tl.iOp »otiUtSanrr*aclaoo. Mil! brae. Ilur-
]!t;»nK. 8«a Mateo. llelmont.
ban Carlos, Uedwood. Fair Oaks
Menlo Park, and Palo Atto 84Sp
artl SO? Uwaeld, Uoutit*!a View, ennay-
Taie, La wrence, 6*uU Clara acd
«njo— 19.45P
A for MoralBK. t- tor 4 fur»«K\.
tCruia'exceptad. 1 Snaday oolr
- < t»t artl»y onlr * MoMar oaly.
ifeuiw at all taUoaM asi Ssudu.
mt TawiALPAis Railway
ESti fa Hatnlit* ft^'Si Arrive
San Ktauciaoo f-t »f »*rkrt tt. I San Fraiieiaoa
• T«r30l f^^^la 12:45 1 • a:4BA
iiG-DO* itBCBW 2:05r*M:05A
I'lirl 1-45 r t:15p IO:0S f
•TJa Cratttf Car. Taataipafa U MD tility.
¥iezrr tCK Mackjit trc (North Uhore UailroadJ
Orriccs land oausauto Prt«T. Toot Market Si
WEEKLY^iiXL, $L00 PEB YEAS.
" • ;" APVEKTISEALEXTS.
! TUB Largest ExcMts ClcaX aad Suit House West or K3W York City. '
1230, 1232, 1234. MARKET STREET. y o °n\ r 3 .
- At Prices Beyond Competition '
mim Tailor Suits at $15, $16.50, $17.50, $20
-5&f J^la Stylish Tailor Suits, made of reliab'e qual-
ity Cheviot, Venetian and new mixtures;
J $!§£^Nl Ji handsomely trimmed, Tourist and Mikado
'|tplii5j*i*4 effects; all materials sponged and shrunk
I $i^ft^k^hi 2n^ nia^ = hy competent tailors.
NoveItySuitsat$25,$30,$32.50,$37.50
Masterpieces of high-class tailoring; copies
°^ i rn F orte^ garments; sold from 25 per
cent to 33 per cent less as we are manu-
1^ ) - no^*^ ¦ f ac turers in large quaati ties.
FUR JACKETS....
Reliable quality, at LOWEST MARKET PRICES. jfM \
See Our Qualities at $20, $25, $32.59,549, $50 j§||J
JACKETS.... JH "H j|
Kers:y, Venetian, Covert and Whip Cord, at our Eg j jj |9
usual popular prices. Jpj* i i j!| ;^j
$6.50, $8.50, $10, $12.50, $15 M It
Long Coats, Special Values $6.59 to $50 j^Mm m
Three-quarter and full length. t&^bk.
Skirts, Newest Styles $2.50 to $35
In great vatiety. * myftSLuStJ^^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$1.00 per WEEK j
Watchea and Siamcndi Bold on Small !
Weekly or Monthly Payments.
Ooods Delivered on rirst Payment.
DEREMER'S
137 Montgomery SL
2d Floor. Phone James 4996. '
1
—^^— i^M— — I— I
Pal^f a DON'T FAIL TO i
1 aiaww 6ee the beautiful [
— 1 COURT Lounging j
. flflfl room, the EMPIRE |
UUU parlor, the]
r~~~A PALM ROOM, the i
UrSflfl LOUIS XV PAR. !
UIUUU LOR, and the LA-
U A iJ. DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqqm, 1
Edison . Gold Moulded Records
Reduced 35C Each
F»ETER BflCICALUPI
Edison I h nograph -fiency
78G MISSION ST., San Francisco
Open Saturday Evenings.
MERCHANT TAILORS,
622 Market Street.
Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Novelties In Imported Wear.
AMUSEMENTS.
«i|W!S K[
K f OREADQR
UWEEK I —
BEGINS I With the GREAT CAST
AUG. 27 i ?r^ T e 7,-25c5Oc75c
EXTRA
LAQOR pv A \/ SEPT. 5
ADMISSION U/Vl SEPT. 9
Seats Kow Selling-. *
LOOK OUT th£ "SERENADE"
Bohemian &
Thursday Aft'n, Sept. 1st
Reserved Seat Sale 0^v"f.i T « lvo11
TO-MOBBOW KORNliarO .'
SAN FRANCISCO ¦ *§&£
BY AUTOMOBILE &§|y^
. MOBUJB - CAEKIAQB ' CO.
GOLDEN GATE A VK. ard GOUGH ST.
' . Phone Private rbechang* T70. ,
Downtown offices— Court Palace Hotel; Lobby
ft, Francis Moul; Lobby ot Occideatal Hotei.LEST WE FORGET
they bought betther wans thin I use.
Thin they begun runnin' around over
th' wurruld findin' out what was goin'
on. No wan.thried to stoo thim. What
harm cud they do, thim cunnin' little
fellows barely up to th' waist band
iv a Rooshyan? Our idee iv a gr-reat
man is a tall man, which lets out Na
poleon Bonyparte an' Young Corbett
an' lets in Fait banks. Th' Jap is th'
repulsed an infantry attack. They
ar-re now throwin' up inthrenchments
on deck. I will do nawthin' till I larn
what th' Jap'nese next movement will
be. I cannot change me mind often
enough to follow th' vagaries iv th'
oryental mind. Kind regards to wife
an' little tootsy-wootsyvitch. Ye'ers
in haste.' An' th' Czar answers, "Con
gratulations on gallant flight. Baby
Coarse Linen Stock.
, A stock of coarse linen embroidered
in a color to match the gown with
which it is worn Is a very necessary
finish to the simple and rather severe
tailor made which the smart woman
dons for her walks abroad in the
morning. ¦ ; ~
ODDITIES.
Central Africans make a kind of
sweet beer, which is effervescent and
tastes a good deal like champagne. It
is made by mixing water and banana
juice and allowing this to turn sour.
It is said to be wholesome, but It is
drunk only by women and children.
Special information supplied dally to
!^!l n J S ?$i h0 . use ?> and P u bHc men by tha
£n^, Clipping Bureau (Aliens). 230Cai
iXornla street. Telepfcone Main 1041, •
macaroni, cut very fine; add to it one
cupful of grated cheese, peboer and
cook until set.
Townsend's California. Glace fruits la
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market st."
•. Oakland has taken another twist in the shortening coil of reform which
she has wound about her municipal abuses and now the. Chinese gamblers
t:ind lottery men have been smashed into suppression only to move bag and
baggage to our more congenial field of'Operations. We have become so ac
customed to this sort of thing that a few gamblers more or less, white or
A lawyer, condemned to death in New York, has' busied himself in
prison not with preparation for his own untimely and shameful catastrophe,
but by elaborating a ponderous legal appeal for a fellow prisoner doomed as
he to the electrical chair. If one skilled in the art of making the poorer
seem the better, reason can do nothing for himself his endeavor in the cause
of anybody else must seem like a grewsome farce.
Good Things
for the Table
Cheese biscuit — Make dough as for
baking powder biscuit, and a little
richer. Roll thin, sprinkle heavily
with grated cheese, double it over
once and run the rolling pin lightly
over it. Cut out with a small cutter
and bake.
Pecan macaroons- — Four eggs, one
scant pint of . flour, one scant pint of
sugar, one pint of chopped pecans.
Beat eggs separately, mix yolks, sugar
and flour, add whites and, lastly,
beaten yolks and nuts. Drop from a
spoon into a buttered baking pan and
puf a whole pecan into the middle of
k each.
Macaroni rarebit— Put in a frying
pan one tablespoonful of butter; when
it is hot add one cupful of cold. boiled
Smiles With Your
Breakfast Food
They buried Old Soak at Greenwood.
And there o'er his grave you may
see.
On the shaft that they raised, this in
scription:
"Say, boys, this is one upon me."
— Town Topics.
What He'd Take.
Druggist — That's a fine looking dog.
sir. What'll you take for it?
Customer — A. bottle of flea killer,
please. — Cleveland Plain Dealer. .«
In the World
of Fashion
No signs of diminution of the white
fad. In heavier fabrics it will continue
on through the autumn.
Cape wraps are effective and smart
as well as convenient coverings for
our much elaborated sleeves.
An extremely elongated toecap
marks the elegant shoe of the mo
ment. ¦ .
Riding boots in tan are considered
the swell thing just now. '
Sandalwood fans have come Into
favor again.
Yellow in various shades with vari
ous names Is to be a smart color for
evening.
Artichoke green will come. In. hop
sacking: to be made in fascinating tailor
A DEED AND A WORD,
A little stream had lost its way
Amid the grass and fern;
A passing: stranger scooped a well,
Where weary men might turn;
He walled it in, and hungr with cara
. A ladle at the brink;
He thought not "of the deed he did,
But Judged that all might drink.
He passed again, and lo! the well,
By summer never dried,
Had cooled ten thousand parching
tongues,
And saved a life beside.
A r.ameless man. amid a crowd
That thronged the daily mart.
Let fill a word of hope and love,
Unstudied, from the heart; • ¦¦-,
A whisper on the tumult thrown,
A transitory breath — '¦- ¦ .•
It raised a brother from the dust,-
It saved a soul from death.
O germ! O fount! O word of love!
O thought at random cast! ' ~
Ye were but little at the first.
But miKhty at" the last.. "-' >^
The startling fact has been developed by Federal inquiry that soldiers
and civilians on board Uncle Sam's transports must buy fit food and adequate
accommodation by bribing petty employes, some of them no more prominent
than waiters. If the authorities are put to the shame of confessing their
inability to suppress such a traffic a movement for a general house-cleaning
in the Government's affairs would be welcomed as timely.
By one of those chances of speculation that make a man a millionaire
in a day it is said that Joaquin Miller has become an oil king. An accidental
discovery of the product upon the poet's land in Texas has worked the
miracle, and now more than ever the old man of the Sierras must fight for
a niche in the poets' corner. A man of money and of verse is too great an
anomaly to be accepted by the credulous even as an accident.
AN aged capitalist in Oakland was rounded up by his relatives, who
asked the Superior Court to endow him and his estate with a guardian
on the ground that he was not sufficiently sane to conduct his own
•;:rTa:r£ and his estate was in danger of being dissipated. The sly old gentle
man pretended to acquiesce in this plan as far as the preliminaries were
concerned and then, before the court had acted and named a custodian for
his person and estate, he procured another decree and a guardian in the high
court of Cupid by marrying an able lady of forty-five. While there will be
a difference of opinion as to whether his marriage proves his sanity or not,
there can be no question of the old gentleman's keen appreciation of legal
tactics. Having an able wife by law she is the judge of his capacity and
there is no doubt but his fortune, won in the harmless and necessary pickle
.trade, will .remain in his custody until he disposes of it either by will or'
by throwing it at birds.
The incident is one of many that seem to prove the vigor and splendor
of the Oakland climate. Recently there was announced the coming mar
riage of an aged educator of that city, and there have been a dozen cases
in recent years in which aged Oaklandcrs have pranced up to the altar
dressed in hope and a Prince Albert and pledged themselves boldly to Jove,
honor and obey ladies who have found their mature charms to be quite
irresistible. Oakland is really, by virtue of its climatic and scenic charms, a
sort of clearing-house for Cupid's left-over stock. 'An aged and single gentle
man there knows not the day nor the hour when the subtle influence of his
beautiful surroundings may make him a benedict.
It is an additional argument for voting the bonds and further improving
the eminent handiwork of nature. Make Oakland more beautiful and it
will become the matrimonial mecca for gentlemen who have deferred con
jugal responsibilities and happiness until they are put out of the running
by their juniors in other places and so will resort to the city where old age
fallls off them like a disused garment and they walk with the springy step
of youth and rush into matrimony like the unthinking war horse into battle.
TO PROVE HIS SANITY.
BY F. P. DUNNE.
(Copyright. 1904, by McClure, Phillips & Co.)
"How is th' war comin' on?" asked
Mr. Hennessy.
"Nicely, thank ye f'r askin'." said
Mr. Dooley. "Th' Rooshayns is
sweepin' ivrything befure thim in
their mad rush to Saint Pethersburg.
Their navy has b?en uniformly vic
toryous, in some cases blowin' up
higher thin th' wurruld's record an' in
other cases batin' all preevyous time
out to sea an' back aerain. Port Ar
thur has fallen as often as a gradyate
iv th' Keeley cure. Th' Czar has is
sued a ukase which i j th' main nour
ishment iv th' common people iv
Rooshy, a blessing an' an ikon to
each recroot. If it wasn't f'r th'
Rooshyan belief in th' ikon, I don't
know how long th' Czar 1 wud lastj
Hinnissy. That's a joke. Look it
up. Th' lile subjecks iv th' Czar who
ar-rc bein' sint out to die f'r their
cotmthryv which is only theirs whin
they ar-re awav fightin' f'r it, has
thanked th' Czar at a thremenjous
blow-out f'r wan iv his principal ad
visers. But th' Czar won't know much
about th' war fr'm now on. I seen it
in th' pa-aper th' other day that they
was bor-rn to his impeeryal highness
Gin'ral Alexis Alexandrovititch Mich
aelovitch Johnovitch Terenenclovitch
Willum J. Czar. Mr. an' Mrs. Czar
both doin' well. He was bor-rn a
Rooshyan gin'ral, mind ye. It's a
heavy handicap to start with, but he
may live it down whin he acquires
sinse. An' fr'm now on th' Czar will
have enough on his hands without
thinkin' iv th' war. Th' baby ought to
take th' measles about th' time th'
Japs takes Moscow.
"They're a gr-reat people thim
Japs. I used to look down on thim.
Who was th' hero that opened thim
up to westhren civilization? I f'rget.
I niver raymimber a hero's name or
f'rget a coward's. Such is fame. But
he ought to have a leather medal
fr'm Rooshy. He opened Japan up th'
way. a burglar opens a safe. There it
shtud an' says Western civilization to
itsilf 'There mus' be somethin' in
this. We'll blow th' dure off." We
opened it up, Hinnissy, an' what did
we find? Ditictives, no less. 'Twas
as though we shud blow a sthrong
box lookin' f'r threasure an' out shud
MR. DOOLEY ON THE WAR
step a foorce iv'vPinl-crtons, grab ye
by th' neck an' -say: - 'Come along
with us. We want to see th' tools.'
We didn't go in. There wasn't room.
They come out. Whin I was a young
man I niver see a Jap. I haven't seen
annything else f'r tin years. Th' first
thing they got was a pair of specs an'
on'y person I know iv that's lamed
anything in recent years. He larned
ivrything that was known be Impror
Willum, th' Czar, Prisidint Roscnfelt,
Charley Schwab, J. W. Gates, Herr
Krupp, Mrs. Eddy, Nels Morris, Cap
Mahan, th' American Can Comp'ny,
th' Authors' Society, Thomas Edison,
Willum Marconi, Jawn Hay an' Doc
tor Munyon, borried enough money to
make him inthrestin' an' wint home.
He carried his satchel to th' McAdoo
or chief ruler iv Japan, who ray
ceived him dhressed in a plus: hat an'
a kimono to show th' English ambas
sadure an' th' Gawd Boodha that he
played no favorites. 'Little insects in
th' cheese,' says that mighty potintate,
'ye have done well. Go an' die where
ye will.' An' he gave thim each a
handsome pair iv Congress gaiters an'
sint thim on their way* Thin he
r-read th' docymints, an' says he to
himsilf: 'We've been opened on a
bluff,' he says. 'It's all a matther iv
tools. Be hivens, I'll start a masheen
shop an' whin I'm ready I'll sarve no
tice on this here Westhren civilvza
tion that I decline anny longer to be
threated as a jack pot.'
"Nayther Rooshya nor I believed
him, but bein' busy at home I put th'
matther aside. Rooshya was more in
quisitive. Th' Rooshvans put their
hand in to see whether th' wheels
were goin' round. Thev were. ' They
were goin' round at th' rate iv fifty
rivolutions a sicond an' thev ar'ren't
rivolutions ye can put down .be sindin'
people to Sibeerya. Ivry day since
this here war again thim pore, be
nighted haythen begun, they'se been
somethin' doin'. A Rooshvan can't
step out into his back yard with
out landin' on a mine. Th' Czar
at home tendin' th' baby, rocks th'
cradle with wan hand an' opins a til
lygram with th' other. 'Tis fr'm
Gin'ral, Kurrypotkin an' it reads: 'En
route home. I have th' honor to ray
port to ye'er majesty that I made a
gallant attack on th' Jap'nese right
at 10:30 this mornin'. Our sojers
fought like heroes, dhrivin' th' Japs
befure thim like chaff befure th' wind.
But at 11 o'clock th' chaff turned an'
subsequently th' joke was on me. Th'
Japs seemed absolutely oblivyous iv
human life or their own. Forchnitely
there was a thrain in waitin' an' I
managed to catch th 1 last rail. I have
tillygrafted th' ar-rmy to jine me at
their own convaynience. I larn fr'm
Port Arthur that ye'er majesty's fleet
made another sortie at th' inimv again
an' afther inflictin' much damage on
their mines an' torpedoes be rammin'
thim, sortied back to their snug haven
in Port Arthur, where they gallantly
nese.' "
"Niver fear." said Mr. Hennessv,
"Th' Japs is on'y dark Chinyman an
nyhow."
"Thrue." said Mr. Dooley. Th'
Japs ar-re Chinymen well-done."
christened to-day. Name follows be
freight.'
"An' there ye ar-re. Hinnissv.
Rooshya has picked up a live wire.
We opened up Japan to Westhrert
civilyzation an' Japan's openin' up
Westhren civilyzation with th' same
weapons. How will it all come out,,
says ye? Faith, I don't know. Or
dhinar'ly a big man ought to lick a
little wan, but th' fat man at th' circus
cudden't lick Terry McGovern much.
In war, Hinnissy, height don't count.
An' annyhow, Japan ain't so small.
Whin a man is five foot eight he's as
big as he needs to be. an' whin a
counthry has thirty millyon inhabit
ants it's get all it has annv use f'r.
It's on'y a question iv th' tools, an'
this here haughty Westhren civilyza
tion iv ours ain't got so much iv a
bulge on th' degraded haythen as we
think. It don't require no hiven sint
gift to make a cannon or th' Germans
wudden't be so good at it. They ain't
anny raison why Okypoko shudden't
larn to mannyfacther a gun as well as
hans Dinkelspiel. They ain't much in
invintivc jaynius. It's all imitation.
Some wan imitates some other fel
low's gun an' adds a little to it, an'
there ye ar-re. An* havin' made th'
guns anny man that cud use a pea
blower or a bow an' arrar can larn
to shoot sthraight. If war was a
Christyan pursoot Spain wud have
licked us. But it ain't. Annv kind
iv an ol' pagan can larn it as well as
another, an' win at it if he can get
th' money fr'm th' Jews. I don't know
how it'll come out. But th' Japs ain't
goin' to stop with lickin' th' Roo
shyans. Maybe they'll take it into
their heads to come over here an'
settle. 'Twud be cheaper to settle
down here thin to settle ud with their
creditors. They may bring th' Chi
nese with thim. I shudden't be sur
prised if I had to put in a hogshead
or two iv saky f'r me Jap'nese thrade
or to read in th' pa-aper: 'Hop Lung
was arrested las' night f'r rowlin' an
impty beer bar'l into Silas Higgins
American laundhry. Th' haythen ex
cited gr-reat merriment in th' court
room be his attimpts to speak Chi-
THE State convention of the Republican party at Santa Cruz has ac
complished ii> work and dissolved.
The Democratic convention, which met in the same place a week
before^ had an organization, a machine, if you please^ and that organization
had a programme which went through as far a- men could be found willing
to accept the places to which they were assigned. Present in the Repub
lican convention- al>o. was an organization with a programme. Bui wherever
that programme did not suit the sentiment of the convention it was cast
<i ? ide and entirely independent action was taken.
With politics there must be parties, and with parties there must be or
ganization, and with organization appears the inevitable desire to use its
power to advance personal fortunes. With that no American finds fault. But
Republicans are an independent sort. They treat the organization as the
creature of the party, and not its master, anil the greater party overturns the
lesser organization at will. So it happened at Santa Cruz that in every con
test the wish and will of the party prevailed over the organization, and al
ways with results beneficial to the party, because the wisdom of many is
wiser than the wisdom of the few.
The ticket nominated is strong in all of its parts. There is no weak link
in the chain that binds tlie party to the confidence of the people. The selec
tions were made with the view of making the official representation of the
State solidly Republican by inviting the support of all who have the highest
interests of California closest at heart. It was not such a sad and dispirited
conventicle as the Democratic convention. The flush of confidence and the
conviction of right, the spring of hopefulness and the inspiration of courage,
were upon every delegate and every action of the body from the opening to
the closing fall of the president's gavel. The platform deals with the local
issues important to the people and offers its high indorsement of the whole
record of the party, with nothing to recant, no heresy to expiate and no act
for which to apologize.
The representation was large. Distant counties sent all of their dclc
pates, and the whole body was cleanly and vigorously American. It wasted
no time in its deliberations and no words in its platform in epithet and invec
tive denunciator of the opposition, but was wisely content with direct ex
pression of its own mission and in frank presentation of its own party record
and purpose. This estimate of the convention, its motive and its work, will,
we are persuaded, be accepted as just by every good citizen of California.
We are explicit in presenting this estimate because Mr. Hearst's paper
has cho:?en to libelously lampoon a majority of the citizens as represented in
this convention as corruptionists and bribe takers. It has singled out a United
States Senator and other public men who have wrought long and wisely for
their State and country to characterize them as cringing and sinister and
t-lavish pandcrers, living on the *ale of their honor, and debauchcrs of politics.
Mr. Hears-t, turned down bj' his own party, flouted and cuffed by it in
every precinct in the State where there are enough Democrats to utter them
selves, is the last man to stand as the accuser of his fellow citizens. In his
late campaign for the Presidency in every State that could be bought his
agents were there to purchase with his money the honor of men. The
thriftless and venal, all those whose honor was subject to financial tempta
tion, the law-breaker and the anarchist, marched in his train and under his
banner. The unpurchasable press of his part}', aware of the debauchery,
bribery and corruption by which he, meritless, characterless, lacking in every
qualification for the place, sought the Presidency, took the alarm and begged
of the party, if it must die, to die in the Lord and not perish at the hands
of a hypocritical voluptuary, seeking a new spur to his jaded passions by
treating the Presidency as a woman that may be charmed into infamy by
gewgaws and bought with gauds. The above terms are only quoted from
the Democratic press that knew what he was doing and the danger that
his methods would succeed.
In this State the greatest Democratic paper warned the delegates who
voted for Hearst instructions to be sure and get all that their reputations
were worth, and Hearst's agents and his money turned the convention into
an assignation, where good men were shamed and bad men, shameless, were
willing that their reputations should take on a stench that time will not
disinfect. It is such a man that uses his defeated and discredited newspaper,
the vehicle of his venom, the garbage can of his feculent spite, to attack
and defame the Republican convention and libel and lampoon the chosen
representatives of the party that holds the interests of California higher
the personal ambitions of any man and cherishes the good name of
the State as a good man does that of his mother.
One may well resent and characterize such an attack, be he Republican
or Democrat, provided he is a good American and a loyal citizen of this
gxe?t Slate.
THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPBECIvKLS Proprietor
AiMHiLISS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO .
JOHN McX AUGHT. ;££. . gX l^^ll^l--~: J "J - ' ' Ian . npnr
rUELlCATXOX OFriZE.~~. THIRD 7n» MARKET STREETS. SAX FRANCISCO
"••••;^i;i^^L^ 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGlJST 28, 190*.
32A large number of people in the cap
ital of Kolapur, India, on seeln? a mo
tor car for the first time, prostrated
themselves before it. declaring that It
was moved by an Invisible god.
porary leave of absence will ba fol
lowed by his resignation.
Hon. Enrique Creel, the multi-mil
lionaire banker and mine operator of
Chihuahua, has been appointed acting
Governor of that State and he will
doubtless succeed General Terrazaa aa
constitutional Governor.
consent for him to be placed In that
position of political trust and honor.
When this report reached General
Terrazas a year or more &go he de
termined to show his enemies that he
still possessed political power. . He an
nounced himself as a candidate for
Governor and to the surprise of his
enemies he was given the cordial sup
port of President Diaz. He was elect
ed without opposition. It is said that
now having had" his ambition in that
direction gratified, he will not again
return to tha office and that his tem-
William M. Bunker, representative
of the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce at Washington. D. C, sailed
yesterday for Panama on the San Jose.
He expects to remain two weeks on
the Isthmus to make a study of com
mercial conditions there and 'the ef
fect they may have on the trade of
this port.
He will also endeavor to induce the
Canal Commissioners to purchase as
many supplies as possible in Califor
nia. He states that a great Quantity
of food products and lumber In par
ticular should be sold by San Fran
ciscans to the' thousands of men-who
will be employed in the construction
of the immense waterway.
Bunker will sail from Panama for
New York and resume his station at
the national capital before the next
session of Congress.
William Bunker Will Estimate Effect
of Canal Construction on San v
Francisco's Commerce. ;
CHA3IBER OP COMMERCE
SENDS MAN TO PANAMA
All Registered Voters
Are requested to call and sign petition
for higher liquor license at Civip Coun
cil, 29 Columbian building, 916 Market
street. -Open from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. un
til September 8. . •
The " enake with gold rattles • has
something beside honey in the other
end. . r .
town. It forbids the use of profanity
on penalty of $100 fine or three
months' imprisonment. Members of
the association propose to secure strict
enforcement of the law and have
called on all good, citizens to help 1
them.
LONDON, Aug. 27. — The Very Rev.
S. Reynolds. Hole, dean of Rochester
since 1887, died this morning at
Bcchester. He had been ill some time.
The dean was born In December, 1819.
Dean of Rochester Is Dead.
rORM AN ASSOCIATION
TO PREVENT PROFANITY
Pennsylvania Young Women Institute
a Vigorous Campaign Against
the Habit of Swearins.
• BERWICK, Pa-. Aug. 27. — A cam
paign ag-ainst the use of profanity in
the streets here has been instituted by
the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation. Copies of an ordinance re
cently enacted by the Town Council
li.ave been posted conspicuously about
Deputy Superintendent of Schools
Suzzalo will retire from his position
on September 15 next and will depart
shortly after that date to fill the chair
of education at the Columbia Univer
sity, to which he has been recently ap
pointed. Superintendent Langdon will
reappoint former Deputy Superintend
ent Howard to the vacancy, the latter
having retired to make way for Suz
zalo several months ago when the lat
ter returned after giving a course of
lectures at the same university.
In a circular issued yesterday the
San Francisco Teachers' Club extends
a cordial invitation to principals and
teachers in the Public School Depart
ment to attend the reception to be
given to Suzzalo at the Girls' High
School on the evening of September 2
next The circular continues:
There will be a meeting of prin
cipals on Wednesday afternoon, Au
gust 31, at 3:45 o'clock In room 356,
City Hall.
There will be a meeting of teach
ers from the fifth to the eighth grade,
inclusive, for Instruction in physical
culture on Thursday afterndon, Sep
tember 1, at 3:45 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Girls' High School.
Physical culture pamphlets should be
brought to this meeting.
Teachers will assemble for instruc
tion In drawing at the Lincoln School
as follows: Grade 8, September 12,
3:45. p. m.; grade 7, September 13,
3:45 p. m.; grade 6, September 14,
3:45 p. m.; grade 6, September 15,
3:45 p. m.; grade 4, September 19,
3:15 p. m.; grade 3, September 20,
3:15 p. m.; grade 2, September 21,
3:15 p. m.; grade 1, September 22,
3:15 p. m.
Teachers are also requested to bring
to the meetings the printed, course In
drawing, the supplement to the course
of study, last year's outline in draw
ing and come prepared to take notes.
Leaves to Accept Cliair at Columbia
University and Will Be Suc
ceeded by Howard-.
DEPUTY SUPERINTENDENT
> SUZZALO "WILL RETIRE
General Terrazas has served five
terms as Governor of the _ State of
Chihuahua. He was Governor of that
State before President Diaz came into
pxjwer. \ He belonged to what, was
known ns the anti-Diaz administration
party and for many years he was bit
ter in his opposition to the President.
In later years he became a great ad
mirer of Diaz and he has been a faith
ful supporter of his administration.
It has been said, however, by some of
the enemies of Terrazas that he could
never be Governor of Chihuahua
again, aa President Diaz .would m t
FRIENDLY TO DIAZ.
An army of more than ten thousand
men are kept constantly employed
upon these ranches and towns of sev
eral thousand population are situated
on the lands. The ranches are all well
fenced and one thousand boundary or
"fence-line" riders are kept constantly
employed.
The land and livestock holdings of
General Terrazas are a comparatively
small part of his wealth. He owns
more than five thousand residences in
the city of Chihuahua, from which he
derives an enormous annual rental In
the aggregate. He also owns business
blocks in Chihuahua and other cities
of Mexico. He owns a controlling in
terest In all of the banks and other
financial Institutions ; of the State of
Chihuahua and has many million dol
lars invested in manufacturing con
cerns in that State.
He has heavy investments in rich
mines and In various other, enterprises
scattered throughout Mexico.
The income from his various prop
erties is so large that he finds it a dif
ficult matter to place his rapidly ac
cumulating millions in safe invest
ments. It is said that he has turned
his attention recently to the City of
Mexico as offering a promising field
for investment of his surplus millions
in banking and other enterprises.
EMPLOYS ARMY OF MEX.
AUSTIN, Tex., Auff. 27. — The
wealthiest man in Mexico and one of
the wealthiest on the American con
tinent-is General Luis Terrazas, Gov
ernor . of the State of Chihuahua,
which borders on the western and
southwestern part of Texas. He has
just been granted a four months' leave
of absence and it is said he will make
an extended visit to the United States.
He will spend some time at St. Louis
visiting the World's Fair. The wealth
of General Terrazaa is conservatively
estimated at $150,000,000 gold, but it
may be many millions in excess of that
amount. Some of those who are In
close "touch with his business - and
financial affairs say that $200,000,000
is near the correct amount of his for
tune. General Terrazas is 75 years
old, but he is still full of mental and
physical vigor.
General Terrazas is probably the
largest individual land owner in the
world. He owns in fee simple ap
proximately 20,000,000 acres of land,
which is divided into fifteen haciendas
or ranches. Some of this land is in
a high state of agricultural develop
ment and th remainder is well adapted
for stock raisins'.
No one. not even General Terrazas
himself, knows the number of cattle
he owns, but it is roughly estimated
that his herds approximate 1,000,000
head.of which about 200.000 head are
cows. He also owns several hundred
thousand head of horses and mules.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
General Terrazas of Mexico
Contemplates an Extended
Trip Through This Country
MODERN CROESUS
IS TO VISIT US
Three conferences had been pre
viously held without arriving at a set
tlement of the difficulty, the rock upon
which both sides split being the
"closed" shop demanded by the union
and the "open" shop ywhich the em
ployers insisted upon. [ Mayor Schmitz
had not given up all hope and when
he saw an opportunity to bring the
disputants together again he took ad
vantage of It. Both sides appeared
willing to discuss the matter once
more, but without much hope of an
agreement being reached.
The conference yesterday took the
same turn as the previous ones and it
locked • as though the negotiations
would again come to naught. The
"open" and "closed" shop still re
mained the' snag and the opposing fac
tions rose up from. their seats at one
stage of the proceedings and said it
was useless to continue the discussion,
as it was apparent that no agreement
could be reached. It was then that
Mayor Schmitz, taking a . last des
perate chance, jumped from his chair
and locked the door of his private of
fice, where the meeting was held,
saying:
"Now, gentlemen, you must come
to some agreement," he said. "Let us
talk it over again."
The Mayor's remark seemed to
create a better understanding: and a
settlement was soon reached. The
terms of agreement were not made
public, the Mayor saying that it was
deemed advisable not to make them
known at the present time. It is un
derstood that points favorable to both
sides were agreed upon. . The union
men will be taken back to work ana
the employers agree to recognize the
union in matters pertaining to the
welfare of the hackmen.
At a conference held yesterday
afternoon in the office of Mayor
Schmitz, with the Mayor acting as
mediator, the hackmen's strike was
brought to &. close on an "open shop"
basis. An agreement, was signed
which will be in effect until June 30,
1905. Although both sides are re
ticent, it is authoritatively stated that
the Hackmen's Union < agreed to call
the strike off, the coniiideration being
that members of the union might ap
ply for work and would be' employed
as vacancies occur. Others not mem
bers of the union will be treated like
wise. Present non-union men will not
be discharged. (
The representatives of the Carriage
Owners' Association who were present
at the conference Included Secretary
White and Messrs. Coleman, Pierce,
Fagan.. Kelly, Perry, j Conlon, Nolan
and Michelson, while 'the Hackmen's
Union was represented by J. Coyle, M.
Coffey. J. Murphy and T. . Dowlingr.
It Is even alleged that the union men
have interfered with the plaintiff's
vehicles at various funerals, and have
demanded at the funerals the per
sons get out of the carriages owned and
driven by the plaintiff and its employes
and ride In a union carriage. By reason
of these acts the plaintiff is unable to
accept an order for vehicles at a funeral
in this city. It is alleged that the in
terference at funerals was by a resolu
tion passed at a regular meeting of the
Hackmen's Union.
The defendants are said to be still en
gaged in the acts complained of and
have already damaged the plaintiff In
the sum of $1000. The defendants are
Bald to be financially Irresponsible and
unable to respond to a Judgment for
damages. "iVj-:
The "court is asked to perpetually re
strain them from committing any and
all of the acts .mentioned.
It is declared that the pickets, who
gather in large numbers, call out to the
public in general that the plaintiff con
ducts an "unfair stable" and that it is
an enemy to organized labor. Some of
the alleged language of the pickets is
quoted, including, "If you work for this
scab we will" beat your brains out,"
"You are a band of scabs and we will
get you.'- In furtherance of the- con
spiracy the unions .are charged with
having placed pickets in front of the
grocery of West, Elliott & Gordon, de
claring a boycott against the firm,
which refused to remove Its four teams
from the stable. /
The complaint continues that upon
the refusal of the plaintiff to enter into
the contract, and "in order to coerce
plaintiff to subject its business to the
control of said Stablemen's Union," a
boybott was declared upon the place. On
April 27 the union men were ordered to
quit work. Since the strike the plaintiff
has been a^d now is employing non
union stablemen and hackmen.
1 It • is charged that the unions con
spired to impede- the plaintiff in its
business, and by threats, intimidations
and assaults on employes who took the
places of the strikers attempted to force
them to quit their service.
The stable has made contracts with
certain of its employes who took the
places of the strikers to work for a defi
nite period, and expects to make other
such contracts with other persons. It
is charged that the two unions have
conspired to force or induce the new
employes to break their contracts. It is
also charged that the " unions have
placed pickets in front of the stables
who have waylaid and continue to
waylay and threaten the non-union
men.
The complaint declares that repre
sentatives of the unions have gone to
customers and patrons of the plaintiff
and requested and demanded that they
remove their horses and vehicles from
the stable under threat and notice of a
boycott. Among th'e persons so ap
proached are . named West, Elliott &
Gordon arid the-Board of Public Works.
PICKETS ARE BOTHERSOME.
The prolonged trouble between the
Stable Owners' Association and the
Hackmen's and Stablemen's unions has
borne frout in another suit for injunc
tion, which gives promise of a fight to a
finish. The -Hayes Valley Stables, a
corporation, wants the two unions
perpetually enjoined from the com
mission of practically the same acts
complained of in the suit of the Nevada
stables against the Stablemen's Union,
in which Judge Hunt rendered his no
table opinion against the boycott. . In
this case, however, the Hackmen's Un
ion is the defendant and tha charges are
still more startling, in that the 'union
men are accused with interfering with
funerals in order to' disturb non-union
hack drivers. The case has been as
signed to Judge Hunt for hearing, but
the day of trial has not been set.
The title of the case is the Hayes Val
ley Stables, a corporation, against the
Hackmen's Union Local No. 224, M. W.
Coffey. J. Dowling, W. M. White and
Pete Sherman; the Stablemen's Union,
Local No. 8760, T. F. Finn, T. J. White,
C. P. Monroe, Chris Reynolds, John Doe
Cooper, Tom Hannon and Tim McGraw.
The Hayes Valley stables are at 538
544 Hayes street. It is alleged In the
complaint that on or about Apr^l 27 rep
resentatives of the Stablemen's Union
called upon the manager and informed
him that he must sign a contract with
the union to the effect that none but
union men should be employed, fixing
the schedule of wages, limiting the
work to be assigned to one man, pre
scribing a twelve-hour day and the pay
for overtime and other matters, in ac
cordance with the union rules. He was
warned that if the contract was not
signed the union would order a strike.
CONSPIRACY CHARGED.
Former Employes Must Ap
ply for Positions and Wait
Until Vacancies Occur
New Suit for Injunction
Is Commenced Against
the Caretakers of Horses
MEX TO BE RETAINED
FUNERALS ARE STOPPED
Union Stablemen Accused of
Interfering With Burial
of Those Who Have Passed
Carriage Owners' Associa
tion and the Hackmen's
Union Come to Agreement
HACKMEN'S STRIKE ENDS
AND NEW SUIT IS FILED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 28, 190*.
33
THE WHITE HOIISF
..of..
Fancy Taffetas and Louisines HC r
In checks and stripes, exceptional value. ... I t/V
t ¦
Novelty Messaline
In a variety of new patterns. Superior ff | AA
finish fpltUu
Taffeta Messaline
In plain and fancy weaves, large number ft*-f A A
of attractive shades, and very soft in tex- \ 9 jj|9|
French Plaids
Adaptations from the original Scotch and rp
many other novel weaves and stylish effects l^C,
for the coming season " '
Ombre Messalinette
A late French creation in beautiful color (fl/t PA
effects, plain and fancy weaves^ includ- |li
ing some very stylish polka dots, etc... *K««t/V
Fancy Velvets A
In neat effects and unusually stylish color VL1 KKKi
combinations for tailor-made dresses CJ/JLeC/Vr
Chiffon Velvets .
French make, in all colors, both for H./ IeIB
street and evening wear s yttlUV
Burlingham Rajah and Krash
All silk fabrics in plain, embroidered and printed ef-
fects. Very stylish for street costumes.
30,000 Yards 7C r
Taffeta for Linings. All the new. shades.. I t/V
In addition will be shown an immense collection of
High-Class and Exclusive French Novelties, including
some extremelv stylish weaves not previously displaved.
. .
Cor.Posts Kearny Sts^
Especial attention Is invited to
the
DOMESTIC HELP
and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and ' BUSINESS
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALLL
/. See Pages 38 to .45.
WHOLESALE PRICES
FOR THF
NEWEST STYLES AND
BEST-MADE GARMENTS
$20.00 Tailor Suits-Wholesale Price, $15.00
$25.00 Tailor Suits-Wholesale Price, $ 1 7.50
$27.50 Tailor Suits-Wholesale Price, $20.00
$35.00 Tailor Suits-Wholesale Price, $25.00
$50.00 Tailor Suits-Wholesale Price, $35.00
JACKETS AND LONG COATS AT
WHOLESALE PRICES.
Wholesale Manufacturers.
0r 1140-1142 Market Street
fwcMaKc No, Statements
I We Cannot Substantiate
We Offer No Piano
We Have Not Got
We Quote No Prices
We Do Not Make
— | We don't want to sell you a
HCW $ccd p Oor pj ano at a^y. p r j cei While
PIANO some pianos in our stock are high-
si^rV^iiTclTer^^W^fs! er in P rice than others, they are
fuii warranted. better, and when you come here
I Price Cut tO $147 we tell you which is good, and
ij wn y it is good; which is better,
h' New $290 an d why it is .better; which is
h T\ T A KT f\ best, and why it is best.
[i r 1 A li U
I ,r? ! SiLef a ?lS n k£v& B !h?e; „ Sund^ we told you about PIANO
m pedals: splendid tone. BARGAINS.^ but we didn't tell you half
W r» * C t* t CIO? the pood tnln s* about them, and yet we
•f] PriCC V/Vl 10 $ryl have sold and are selling from four to
I ¦"""¦ —"" "~~ """ ¦—-———""-¦---— eight and ten pianos every day. Sold
•C — " ~ J~\ eleven Saturday. We say we sold them,
| - NeW $325 better we say we explained some things
t- 1\ T A KT t\ about them, for the big reduction In
|i i & JM U prices is what sold them. All that is re-
Fancy oak case; full size and Quired is for you to see them and if you
|j *cale: fvory Jcpvb: three pedals. need a piano you'll buy, and you'll be as
',] Big value at $250. thankful to us for letting you know as
[l Price Cut tO $198 we Bha11 be grateful to you for coming
|| . (The Largest Music House on the Coast) :>v>
• Established 1850.
p Qpr. Post and Kearny Sts. |
O ADVERTISEMENTS. , -,_ l _ r _- l _ l -_,->-
-THE CBLBBRATBD \ Aft N J f"
Jenness Miller $3.50 Shoes \\[_ &h
-^ THIS WEEK 1 ij V 8 " 1 BW
This special will add fame to our already popular weekly sales. These
\ shoes are designed by Jenness Miller, the great advocate of dress reform, and
are accepted the country over as the common sense standard. In this special
we offer 40 different styles, four of which are illustrated here. The leathers
• ¦ are Vici Kid, Patent Leather and Patent Kid. In some of the
"~~~-5j styles the tips are patent and some are kid. You can choose tTWl
\ «V / either Oxford, button or lace styles with either common sense 1/ $ 1
: 9 \ ~or the new Cuban or French heels. It is a well-known / •! \
|L A k fact that these shoes sell regularly for $3.50. This sale, / V Jk
<3^ then, is of great importance, for the price is only / -Ji^iy
A Box of Bear-Ola •
*2iL ¦ Every Purchaser
gfgpH«^ By special arrangement with the makers of the Bear-Ola &£*£ <<^flr
*W^ TlBfffej Shoe Polish we will this week present to every purchaser a &i*%i'rd'Qftnm
We will be able to do this for only one week, so do not J§**£f *Jf*
fail to make your purchases this week. .
— Matt Orders Receive Prompt Attention —
y^^^~~ ==^^^^~^ \v\\ Aid.
_^ ru -
1, \ W/?\ \ m\'V 'MU ' want to tee the zoo
fclusJ <//''*•* % l\ \li'"'.l'lY And the p*ayr»!n», too,
//!rtwy\ \ ll'iiMLl 1 want to look »t ererytiiflj X l!ke.
Vj. 'jll!r#frfo\ I »r*ll u\ lVe hexrd o' the PUistaes •
/¥> / IW/Sk. \ \ Hi WftlW Aui the Cliro * ir! * thlt <linee —
\\ /Jj /IlilSS I v h1|1 fwl Sajr,l wonder if they'll kave 'uni on the Pik«f
\ I y i''i\ iVf '.lAf ~" A BlI!ld ef lhe Pi»%" by WilUce Irwm. Cop*.
V». >7 >« 1 1 1 f rijhted by Collier's Weekly. Publuhed by perm j»:oa.
ililf! IV To St. Louis and Return
rwi rnliH%WT?flL ill September 1, 2, 5. S, 7. 8. 19, 20/23, ».
Wh\ illKllW /£ J fcl October 3, 4, 5, 6. 13. 20, 26, 27. j
(^i^i'llyjlf *Al iLw! Return limit ninety days.
/^iTli i YiliSr Take the Rock Island System and you go
I . - / 1 Xjrf II thro' without change. Scenic or Southern
V/ *M l/0f\ \ line, as preferred. Standard and tourist
II I M/m/i'm \ sleeping cars; dinirig cars. Trains stop at
11/ l-JwT//A f Main Entrance World's Fair.
f I V/ '¦ vjll'i'^ 1 u^ ' n f ormat i° n on request.
LIE' t/Vlf Call or write. (i'llll <¦ WFImff
r x >\[f R UTHrilF ' 0l "'» D. P. A., fcjJ3Wnfr?P^?TO
y^ I If I. " I J 623 Mirk;: Strrir, fljSjftA 1 1 H 1 1 isl'.vjMen who imagine the world owes
them a living try to collect it a. loaf at
a time. • -. .
Rooms rented quick. S. F. Room
Renting Co.; small charges. 117 Sutter. •
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— Captain John
Olaf Adler of the schooner Coquille
River, who was arrested on the com
plaint of Erik Gustafson, a. sailor, who
charges the skiuper with having taken
$10 from him. was liberated on $5000
bonds this afternoon. His statement
of the affair is toMhe effect that he
could not make change in paying the
sailor off and overpaid him $1£>. The
next time he saw him the sailor re
fused to return the money because
he had been discharged, and the cap
tain a'nd mate took the money away
from Gustafson by force
Causes Captain Trouble.
Henry Waldstein, convicted of plac
ing Louise C. Larsen, a girl 16 years
of age. In an immoral house, was sen
tenced by Judge Lawlor yesterday to
serve four and one-half years in Fol
som.penitentiary and to pay* a fine of
$1000. In passins sentence the Judge
said that all persons engaged in that
sort of traffic should ¦ be publicly
flogged. y.^: ,
Thinks Flogging Appropriate.
Trapper's Oil cure* rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard A Co.. 400 day.*
Willie Thornton, an 8-year-old boy,
residing at 676 Ivy avenue, was
knocked down by a Hayes-street car
at the crossing of Laguna street yes
terday afternoon. The" boy was run
ning across the street when an In
bound car hit him, throwing him
down on the pavement An examina
tion of his Injuries at the Central
Emergency Hospital by Dr. Plnkham
Indicated a fracture of the skull, with
serious internal troubles, which may
possibly terminate fatally.
Boy Injured by Streetcar.
Two Men Injured by Streetcars.
Two men were treated at the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital yesterday for
injuries sustained by streetcars.
George Ford, a watchman, fell while
trying to Jump on the rear platform
of a movlnsr car on Leavenworth
street, striking his head against the
rail. He was sent to the hospital by
Police Officer Kracke, where he was
detained pending observation. Joseph
Kennedy fell from a Turk-street car
at the curve on Mason street, sustain
ing a contused Injury to his skull.
He also is detained pending: observa
tion for a fractured skull.
Great preparations are being made
by the musical members of the Bohe
mian Club for the grand concert to
be held at the Tlvoli on the evening
of September 1. The sale of seats will
commence to-morrow morning at the
box office of the Tivoll.
Preparing for Concert.
The estate of Henry Mohr. an in
<cmpetent. ha? been appraised at
J 129.757. the chi«»f item of value being
7S5 shares of the South San Fran
cisco Packing Company's stock, said
to be worth ?r.4.?5O. In Tulare County
3 GO acres of land is valued at $16,000
and 130 in Kir.gs County is appraised
at $13,000.
Value of Mohr's Estato.
And all travelers need a good trunk or
<\n ss suit case. We can suit you in price,
Ftyle and quality. Complete outfits for
travelers and everything new in our
leather Goods Department. Sanborn,
Vail ft Co.. 741 Market street. •
Globe Trotters
NEW YORK, Auff. 27. — The Finan
cier says:
"The feature of the official statement
of the New York Associated Banks last
week was its failure fully to restrict
the withdrawals 'of gold for shipment
abroad and of currency for transfer to
the interior, the statement showing a
net decrease of $1,804,000 cash, whereas
the traceable movements of money
during the week indicated a loss- of
$4,872,700. The discrepancy of $3,06S,100
between the estimated and the record
ed loss of cash may in part be ex
plained by the fact that the averages
of the week's traceable withdrawals
amounted to $3,700,000, Including those
on Saturday, August 20, and the 22d.
Even with this, however, there
was shown a wide discrepancy,
and, moreover, direct shipments to the
interior were not fully accounted for;
therefore it appears clear that, the
I statement, so far as regards cash, was
! made upon declining averages.
"Deposits decreased $2,267,700, -while
the sum of the contraction of loans and
the loss of the cash was $1,065,000 less
than the decrease of deposits, hence
the statement did not prove. It goes
-without saying that the statement was
a dlsappoinment to the majority of the
banks, the managers of which had dur
' ing the week observed with much sat
' isfactlon the withdrawals of money,
: hoping that the statement would so far
reflect this movement in the surplus as
, to denote the beginning of the end of
the monetary congestion at this cen
ter. But the surplus is still so large
that it seems probable that, unless
there shall be extraordinary withdraw
als in the near future there will be lit
' tie relief from congestion for some
; time.
! "Still, advices from the Western cen
, ters note large shipments of money to
the agricultural sections and if, as the
result of high prices for wheat and cot
ton, these commodities shall* be freely
marketed later, withdrawals of money
may be unusually heavy for the be
ginning of the season; there is, there
fore, a, fair prospect for the continu
ance of the decline of money from New
York in increasing volume."
That fact makes this sale doubly wel
come. Xo need of going Into the details
of this nne purchase, as maker's loss
does not interest anybody, but the
thrifty man won't skip this opportunity
to get smart shoes for little money \il
are made of the very best patent leather.
Goodyear welt, the very latest style in
single and double sole, low and high
heels; none worth less than 33 50, yet
$1 65 will buy a pair of them at the
Vacate Shoe Sale. 717 Market St., near 3d
• J. MORRIS. Disposer. '
The Vacate Shoe Sale at 717 Market
st. will give Its patrona a chance to
wear patent leather shoes and will there
fore sell all of this week $3 50 patent
kid shoes for ladles and men for $1 65
a pair.
Tbe Grandest Opportunity.
Gold Shipments Abroad Are
the Cause of a Reduction
of Cash in Gotham Banks
REPORT SHOWS
BIG DECREASE
James Henry Euley began suit for
divorce against his wife, Mary Ellen,
yesterday, alleging cruelty. The com
plaint charged that her conduct had
been "harsh, cruel, tantalizing, aggra
vating and menacing." If there were
any more adjectives the attorney over
looked them in drawing the paper, but
it was recited that she called Euley
names that should not be uttered by a
woman. Judge Kerrigan, sitting in
Judge Sloss* court, granted a divorce
to Manuel Ferros from Mary Ferros
on the ground of desertion.
Wife Is Tantalizing.
Two minor proceedings relating to
the estate of Pietro Simi, the Sonoma
e Q-unty winemaker, were filed yester
day in the probate department o£ the
Superior Court. One was the applica
tion of his widow for an allowance of
$100 a month out of the 596,420 estate
0 .and a demand for the exempt furnish
"i'.gs of the home at 431 Green street.
°The other petition was that of the ad
jr.inistrator. H. C. Simi, who wants the
court's permission to sell five of the
8 shares in the Simi Land Company
owned by Pietro Simi's estate. It set
forth that Pietro Simi was president
of the company and Guiseppe Simi
vice president and both are dead. Only
fou£ shares of the company's stock
sre owned by living: persons and it is
r.tcessary ihat enough other shares
"be sold at private Bale to permit a re
organization of the company.
Most Sell Siml's Shares.
See our society address cards. Great rarlety,
Edward Knowles Company. 24 Second st. •
Most women would worry themselves
to death If they knew what their next
door neighbors really thought of them.
The funeral of the late Mrs. Jane
Brandenstein. who died In this city
August 26, will be held this "morning
at 9:30 from the family residence,
1901 California street. Deceased was
the wife of Joseph Brandenstein and
the mother of Supervisor H. U. Bran
denstein.
Funeral of Mrs. Brandenstein.
Pat TolkB — I reduce-1 my weight 70
pounds, bust 6 inches, waist 6 Inches and hips
14 Inches In a short time by a guaranteed
harmless remedy without exercise or starving. I
-will tell you al! about It. Inclose stamp. Ad
dress MRS. E. O. RICHARDS,
226 East Ninth street,
• Riverside. CaL
Major Duvall, Captain Cloman, Ma
jor Gillette and Major Allen, who were
umpires of the maneuvers at Atasca
dero, has returned to San Francisco
and will Immediately commence upon
the preparation of their reports. A re
view of the Coast Artillery will be held
at the Presidio next Wednesday morn-
Ing. First Sergeant Albert Hoop won
first honors In the recent pistol shoot
at the Presidio with a score of 79.
News in Army Circles.
The offer of a reward of $500 by the
Park Commissioners last Friday for
the arrest and conviction of the per
son who fired four shots at the elk
in Golden Gate Park has had the de
sired effect.
The offender Is reported to be Police
man Charles Cleaver. It is alleged
that Cleaver, while speeding through
the park in an automobile at an early
hour in the morning, made a target of
the antlered monarch. He was off duty
at the timp. According to the informer
Cleaver was under the influence of
liquor. ' • , :
With him in the automobile were two
women who were also overstlmulated.
The elk was browsing peacefully,
thinking of the. Canadian forests where
he gamboled in his youth.
Four times the. petulant pistol of
the, policeman popped. The elk sniffed
contemptuously and .strolled .to the
other side of the. paddock, where the
feeding was better. :• •
Chief Wittman yesterday refused to
discuss the affair or say whether or
not It had been reported to him.
Offer of Reward tor Arrest
of the Offender Brings
the Information Quickfy
INFORMER TO BE PAID
When the case of Sarah Goodfleld,
charged with disturbing the peace of
her neighbors in "Spanishtown" was
called in Judge Cabaniss' court there
appeared as witnesses for the prose
cution a group of ladles that looked as
if they had Just stepped out of the
chorus of a "Carmen" road show. Half
a dozen of them, swarthy of face and
picturesquely costumed, swore through
an interpreter that Mrs. Goodfleld's
conduct was all that the formal com
plaint alleges and two of them de
clared that if she were allowed to re
main in the neighborhood they would
It was with amiable intention that
Mrs. Christine Capaul dropped into the
home of Mrs. Ellen Howes, 34 Minna
street, and sat down in the kitchen to
gossip. For a while the visit was mu
tually delightful and might have ter
minated in amity If Mrs. Howes had
not inadvertently said something un
complimentary about one of Mrs. Ca
paul's dearest friends. Even then it
might have been impolitic for Mrs. Ca
paul to contradict Mrs. Howes' state
ment, for the code of social etiquette
prevailing in the set to which both la
dies belong confers upon the hostess
certain conversational privileges .which
It Is bad form to resent- At any rate
Mrs. Capaul's defense of her absent
friend's character provoked Mrs. Howes
to the harsh extreme of ordering Mrs.
Capaul to leave the house and never
again darken its portals, which angered
Mrs. Capaul to such an extent that she
deliberately smashed Mrs. Howes' com
plete equipment of kitchen crockery,
dish by dish. Then she was arrested
for malicious mischief and disturbing
the peace, and Judge Conlan pro
nounced her guilty of both offenses and
will sentence her to-morrow. - .
San Francisco can boast of several
social organizations more pretentious
than "The Easy Dues Club," Joseph
Sullivan informed Police Judge Ca
baniss, but no city on earth possesses
one that Is more exclusive, affords its
members better enjoyment or costs
them less money for maintenance. As its
title implies, "The Easy- Dues" draws
lightly UDon the pecuniary means of
the twelve young gentlemen who es
tablished It. Yet it has a cozy home at
COD Noe street, between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth, less luxurious than the
quarters of the Bohemian or the Pa
cific-Union, but lacking nothing that
modest taste might suggest.
It was after a bal masque given by
'•The Easy Dues" last Friday evening
that Sullivan was arrested on the, Bar
bary Coast and charged with vagrancy.
Attired as a United States Jackie he
tripped th« light fantastic until mid
night, escorted his young lady to her
home, then wandered down town and
into a Pacific street dance hall, where
he resumed his wooing of terpsichore
until a police raid of the place stopped
the festivities. He was among those
netted. When a policeman asked him
what he was doing away from his ship
at that hour of the morning he replied
that he had no ship. He told the truth
when interrogated as to where he ob
tained his sailor garb, but the officer
did not beJieve him — even went so far,
indeed, as to suggest that he was either
a i deserter or a thief, and ran him In
with as greasy a lot of vagrants as
ever posed the police court.
"Your primal mistake, Mr. Sullivan."
said the Judge, "was in. neglecting to
doff your masquerade costume before
3'ou - went a-slumming. Your going
a-slummlng at all was also reprehensi
ble, especially as you had been dancing
all the evening."
"That's just it. your Honor," respond
ed the defendant; "my love of dancing
is responsible for my plight. The club
dance only whetted my appetite, so to
speak, and it was to dance myself tired
that I went to Pacific street."
"There is no law to either prevent or
punish overindulgence in dancing," said
the court, "and I'll continue the case
until next Monday, by which time the
police will have ascertained whether
you are punishable for vagrancy. Your
plea of membership in the exclusive
•Easy Dues' is all right as far 'as it
goes, but it does not prove visible
means of honest living. In the mean
time you are at liberty to go home and
resume your civilian apparel."
Former Congressman Julius Kahri
will defend Theodore Macopulos, an
Armenian peddler, from the charge of
forgery that is to be heard before
Judge Cabaniss on September 3.
Randolph Nelson, able seaman, was
intoxicated and asleep in a Pacific
street saloon when Pedro Petrovicl?
took advantage of his helplessness by
stealing his watch and a few dollars
in cash. The robberv was witnessed
by a woman and Petrovich will hear
her story next Tuesday in the court
room of Judge Cabaniss. -
Frank Williams (colored) was evi
dently on robbery bent when, by means
of a skeleton kev, he entered a room
in the lodging-house kept by J. Carl
son at 6 Cappeler court, off Mason
street, and his surprise may be imag
ined when he found himself face to
face with a sturdy little Japanese man
who happened to be cleaning out that
very apartment.
"What you want— what do here?"
asked the Jap, as Williams confusedly
began to retreat.
"Nuffln. sah. nuffin," replied Wil
liams. "Ah Jes' made urn mistake.
Thought dis was my room. Dat's all.
Good day, sah."
• "You one piecee liar— you no room
dis place! Only white gentlemans
rooms have got."
Then thev mixed. Williams had the
physical advantage of his opponent,
but when the little man grabbed him
he was as clay in the hands .of the
potter. The noise of the scrimmage
attracted Carlson, who says that when
he entered the room the negro was
being utilized as" a duster by the Jap,
who alternately swept the carpet with
his woolly head and nicked cobwebs
from the ceiling with his feet. This
testimony was corroborated by Patrol
man Prill, who responded to Carlson's
shouts for police aid. After the ne
gro's removal the Jap resumed his
house cleaning. The case will be heard
next Tuesday by Judge Cabaniss.
leave it, as they could not dwell within
range of her tongue and maintain their
self-respect. Mrs. Goodfleld promised
to be quiet if she were restored to free
dom and the court gave her thirty
days to make good her pledge, sug
gesting at the same time that it might
be better for all concerned if she
changed her abode.
Policeman Charles Cleaver
Is Accused of Attempting
to Slaughter a Specimen
Joseph Sullivan, Member of the Exclusive "Easy
Dues, 1 ' Affects Naval Garb at Bal Masque and
Continues to Wear It When He Goes Slumming
TAKES A SHOT
AT ELK IN PARK
CLUBMAN ARRESTED WHILE
ASSOCIATING WITH "VAGS"
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 28, 1904.
34
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Halght & Masonic av.*
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ ' . '
¦..»t" ¦ ¦ . ., ¦ ¦ .......
Advance Display
0#ijk of Imported
**X# Models in
Millinery
You are cordially invited to visit our Millinery
Department and view the first display of imported
Models in Fall Hats. We feel sure that you will
consider the time well spent.
Opening Days:
Monday, August 29th
Tuesday, August 30th,
Wednesday, August* 31st
White Lawn Waist Bargains
$3.00 to $4.50 Waists
$2.00 to $3.00 Waists fli^ir
Still further redactions from the al- .^WfsijteV^
ready marvelous prices made for .last -f^w^p^^^3\'
week's Rreat sale. What is left of our /uN^^.^^£ffi
higher priced White Lawn Waists has ll\ Vj^Tffi^
been segregated into two lots for final St
These Waists are a celebrated make, / Okvy \\|1|||a^.
known everywhere for their fine fitting I" • J^JtOJIi^^* 1
and | tailored qualities. The trimming ef- V '
fects are neat and entirely new. . . V«^^
Come early for good choosing.
Shopping Bags ; Point, de Paris
$1.35 i; Laces, 5c yard
Ladies' shopping bags — all the ! ' Regular price, ioc to i«;c a yard,
new shapes, all the resirable 4. 5 and 6 inches. New
leathers, all the modern fittings. ;, _ n j t,.,,.,:.-,, !5iT*iS a 1 t
We have a few on hand which we'lf h *™}^ Patterns and [plenty
want to close out. The regular i; of each " vou come ear 'v. Take
prices Were $1.75 and~$2.oo. To I; advantage of this opportunity/It's
close out quickly they will go at \\ a rare' one. for they are -only
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^ w _^.
; s&a-.gP' " TOURIST COATS"
*%^>4kL a ¦ $14.50
A * \\ J Worth $20.00
' ff*(tf I ?°r*"^. V J& J :1 Hght a:ad dark mannish mixtures,
./m 1 *\ -a 1 tan coverts, English and domestic fab-
'¦'•'§«' v fc^"i' f 4a riCb> ctc- < - )ac °i tiic greatest values.
'/M K !• '•/ H evcr offcrcd ' n tIli? «strl)!ishment. See
fx "f ! 1 al • illustration, lu connection with the above
V'f/w^ 1 ' lr / coats we offer other lines, in order to in-
/' ¦''ir^ jfvj f f lc?/''' troduce them, at equally important reduc-
* $fc J^^~ WMA t»o ns - Coats and jacloeis worth from
V /ib^j •".' — y ill'" $1500 to $35.OO will be sold to-morrow
|J 1 ]• $9.85, $12.50, $17.50,
f^^% $19.75, $22.50, $25.00
Suits, Waists, Petticoats Dress Goods ?|? y £f
Second ah or- Take Elcvat.jr MANNISH MIXED TWEEDS. .
hitam xatt nPFn <%UITS 44 C a Yard — All wool. .$ inch; new
mixturef., Among^the *^«*£* walking suits; assortment oi,
VorSl ""he Hirhalf-nUcd'eS from ooc to *g Be
son, ,ew Blouse stvlrj Only
one sir: of a kh^ and thereiore Yard-Plain. Fancy Lattice
o.ch:s,ve; being introduced^ J ld ilk Knob We _ vcs: al ,. colors .
Ca^»TT "nW TV including cream, champacne. royal
TAILORED SUITS OF LY- bhie . and bIack; 43 to a6 inch: a.
MANSVILLE CHEVIOTS - In soft s ,, ecr , Uk i]nhh . quality
black, brown or navy, also in a line usua i iy idling at $1.50 a yard, bc-
Vnnse of Scotch effects and men s g i lin j ng to-morrow, a yard....Syc-
suitinps. Exclusive original. lasJv- IRONCLA^ ALPACAS.' 4QC a
ionaWe; being introduced at each Yard— Specially adapted, for shirt
- -. *' * **' wai>t suits and CravclinR costumes;
NEW AUTUMN WAISTS— A shown in golden brown, steel _ gray, .
•spjendid assortment of Scotch all- navy. Oxford, royal blue and fast
wool shirtings; stripe* and madras black, 52 inch;. the coarse, heavy r
effects predominate, although some iron frame weave witJi the lustrous'
plain style*, are shown with French s .;ik finish; regularly 8=;c. Special
dots and figures woven in. This to-morrow, a yard 49c
. is a $4.50 waist beinR introduced GERMAN AMAZON CLOTHS
•at $:t.7o — p or ca pes, opera coats and tail-
SICILIAN WAISTS. Worth ored suits, shown in new brown.
$3.50—111 colors and in white and green, champagne and many other
* black, extra quality; bein<z iairo- new fall colorincs; also in fast
duced at. each J?^.J>5 black, all wood, sponsred and
-A SALE OF PETTICOATS— shrunk. 52 inches wide and a grand
The greatest $I.SO petticoat we $1.50 cloth. This week, a yard
ever saw goes on sale to-morrow • •• • • • • • ••• • V ; • • ' l c
at- a reduction. Plain black, in I W0 b\\K Specials
¦ sateen or black with white stripes; BOMBYX TAFFETA SILK —
mercerized and look like silk: A taffeta that will wear: real silk.
.made in regular width with three strongest known fiber, will not
strles of flounces. A bargain crack, in all the new shades of
* while they last, each $1.1!) navy* brown, green, red. gray, etc.,
PETTICOATS — EXTRA SPE- .ako black 1 . A great. silk: r^ inches
CIAL —^ bis Hue of manufactur- wide: a yard !-vT.3Sc
er-' samples of all-silk taffeta petti- . COLORED TAFFETA SILK.
coats to be sold out to-morrow; 19 Inch, Heavy Quality— 23. colors,
shown in changeable effects or including navy, brown, green, gray,
'white ?.nd black designs: easily sell mode and changeable effects;
at $goo. A bargain while they easily worth $1.00. On sale alljhis
] a c» t each JfO.50 week, a yard "«"»o
. AD VERTISEMEXTS.
\^s^*^ MONDAY, AUGUST 29
A large assortment of new Ribbons, consisting of 3^-inch em--
broidered polka dot Taffeta, in all the leading combinations, also 4-
inch Plaid Taffeta Ribbon in both light and dark colorings.
At 35c yard
A special line of the best quality Taffeta Ribbon, in blue, white,
pink, maize, cardinal, green, brown, navy, turquoise, gray, cream
and black. The proper style for hair ribbons.
\2/k in. wide, worth ioc, present price *»c per yard
2^-in. wide, worth 20c, present price" lOc per yard
Hosiery Underwear
300 dozen CHILDREN'S 200 dozen LADIES* WHITE
BLACK COTTON HOSE, me- MERINO VESTS, high neck and
dium or heavy weight, "Herms- Jong sleeves, also high neck and
dorff" fast black, double knees, *hort sleeves, with drawers to
heels and toes, 6 l / 3 to 9%. • match, in all sizes from 28 to 44,
. . ' 3 pairs $1.00 $1.00 each
400 dozen LADIES' "Herms-
dorff" fast black cotton Hose, in *5<> dozen MEN'S MERINO
plain black, white or split soles, SHIRTS, in natural gray, full fin-
made with heavy spliced heels »shed seams, also drawers to
and toes, match, all sizes, at
25c pair $1.00 each
Veilings ~
200 pieces 18-inch TUXEDO LslOVSS
VEILING, in black, navy, brown, _ „ . . r
green, tan and white. 1 hese also . Fa " importation of the cele-
come in a large variety of plain OTatcd Reynier dressed and un-
and fancy meshes with and with- d J C5^ Kid Gloves, in all the new
out dots, at shades, perfect fitting.
25c yard $ 1 .50 to $2 .00 per pair
' A complete assortment of the .
latest novelties in lace net and _ A special-line of Ladies* 2-clasp
chiffon finish Veil-, in black, wl..^. French Kid Gloves, in black,
brown, navy and green, in both w « lte » tan,' navy, brown, and all
plain and fancy effects, from other colors; regular value $1.50,
50c to $3 .50 each Now selling at $ 1 .25
Handkerchiefs
We will have on sale this week another large shipment of
Handkerchiefs. All are pure Irish linen and are worth considerably
more than prices at which we are placing them on sale. They in-
clude:
iooo dozen of Ladies' i-inch hem, in half-dozen Iot3 at
• • • • : •; 40c, 50e and GOc ' j o t
. 500 dozen of Initialed- Sheer Irish Linen Hemstitched ~§ r
Handkerchiefs, %-inch hem, with small block letters, in I nP
half-dozen lots , I UU
Silk Skirts ••'¦ . -.f-sr ¦:¦ ¦ Trimiogs
.We. have re- j^T/^^ ± +m *JL, / A n «* "d
eelved another complete line
shipment of *& %Z W M* AA , m m of ParJ.taa
Black Silk Pet- ( fyf\ Trimming m
tlcoats of bu- tJr Ilf} r +*<riLlj&'<* 2 band ana lr-
p * rior • quamr £*' u ™" "?&
o£ Taffeta, '^(Sr ***&> (g/j^Vjl—^ rashicnabie
made with ac-..^:V-p;---.y*lC92,.:''^T.iW'--^^BB^fc^TrW. S/j »hades in 1 .;*-
cordeon pl.at- * ' " - ... JW. toj^w.u
-ed flounce ;sp»r .• \ + + ,- 4<\< 'r% *. e» ± i_ rangrinr in
1^^14.50 Ml to 121 Post Street to
2 APVERTISDIEXTS.
Grand Opening
tNew Fall and Winter
Woolens
ALL WOOL STIT-
an^ZS. fa™ I-
Fine Imported English
noveltle* te> order for
trous«ri..f« to 810
Overcoau from
•• * xs to WO
-roll dr«s« »ulta from. .
*3O to *5O
Ton wUl sat* 25 to
40 per cent by calling
JOB POHEIM
The Tailor
Perfect fit and beet
of workmanship guar-
anteed or no sale.
301 Montgomery Street, Cor. Bnsh.
1110 and Ilia Market Street.
SAW PBAN CISCO.
143 S. Spring Street. Los Ang»l«».
ffPoco and Korona Camera?
at a BIG SACRIFICE
KORONA PETIT. 3^x4/*
Ktfaw&Jhvo »9.5O to $6.35 *
POCKET t>OCO.*tixti/vx ?S.Mto*^
*tjtl Orarn Promptly fitted
SUNSET BAZAAR
||4aTHIBPM. m SAN FBAlgCISCOf
Helnrlch Vogel. a well-known Ger-
man portrait painter, who. however, has
not done any work for three decades,
has left his whole property, Talued at
J25O.00O, for the founding of a charita-
ble Institution for artists.
EXPERT OPTICIAN".
Governor o!
Washington
George Mayerle — Bear Sir: I hare
received the glasses yon made for me.
They suit perfectly and are admirable
in every way; very much the most per-
fect aid to slffbt that Z have ever
been, able to obtain. Z can recommend
your work to all who desire the assist-
ance of an expert optician. Yours very
truly, J. B. BOOEES,
Governor of Washington.
GEORGE MEYERLE'S
EYE W-. WATER
A perfectly harmless and effective remedy,
makes weak eyes strong, diseased eyes well.
Rests tired eyes.
Price. S0c. By mail. 62c. If your druggist
doesn't keep it order direct from George May-
erle. 1071 Market street. San Francisco. Geors»
Mayerle' s antiseptic eyeglass cleaners. - for 2jc\
A Warning!
TO THE FTJBXiXC.
When wishing to consult George
Mayerle, the German Expert Optician,
1071 Market street, regarding the con-
dition of the eyes, avoid mistaking- the
place by looking for the name "George
Mayerle" on the window BEPOSE E2J-
gliTHTfg,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I SIDEBOARDS AMD BUFFETS j|
All the latest patterns in .dining-room furnishings. Ex- to
tension Tables. Leather and Cane Seat Chairs, Rugs and II
Art Squares, Carpets, Mattings, etc. Never have we had p
so large a stock of beautiful goods and at no time have we |jj
had such a demand for them. Our low prices and easv If
payment plan make it convenient for every one to furnish up R
their homes. We sell lower on time payments than others gj
; do for cash, as we have no rer.rto pay. Call in and see us. |
i THE J. INIOOWAM FURMITURE CO. I
i 1017-1023 Mission St., Abave Sixth. ITime Is Fastest Ever
Recorded for the
Full Course.
(ARTFUL. DAUGHTER OF MIGHTT
HAMBURG. "WHICH WON THB
FUTURITY HANDILY.
Roll of Honor
of the Futurity
. Tear WINNER. Time. Value.
18S8. Proctor Knott. 1:15 1-5 $40,900
. 18S9. Chaos 1:164-5 64,550
1890. Potomac 1:14 1-5 67,675
1801. HIa Highness.. 1:15 1-5 61.675
1892. Morello 1:12 1-5 40.450
ISOa. Domino 1:12 4-5 49.350
1804. Butterflies 1:11 48,710
. 1S05. Requital 1:112-5 63,100
lSOti. Ogden 1:10 43. 790
1S!»7. L'Alouette 1:11 34.2»O
ISns. Martimas 1:12 2-5 3G.61O
lfcW.IChacornac 1:10 2-5 30.630
lOOO.iKallyhoo Bey.. 1:10 3.1. SSO
1901. Yankee 1:00 1-5 36.S50
1902. Savable 11:14 44.K5O
1903. Hamburg Bell?l 1:13 35.020
1904. Artful j 1:11 4-5 54,290
1S92 — Reduced to '"Futurity course"
(12KJ yards. 1 foot). 1902 — Increased
to six furlcnzs. -
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Aug. 27.— Peter S«lla. the
veteran showman, who waa stricken with par
alysifl yesterday, is barely able to recognize
the family. - \-.^>
* LINCOLN. Nebr.. Aug. 27. — Governor
MicXey haa named his daughter. Mls« Mary
Mickey to christen tho battleship Nebraska,
which 'will b« launched at Seattl* on
b« 7. . , ' .---Y; ¦>•«¦¦"
AUSTIN. Tex.. Aur. 27.— The State Health
Department was to-day notified of the break
ing out of yellow fever in the Government mil
itary poet at Brownsville. Tex. One death has
occurred and several cases are reported to be
In existence there.
Kntlrely. new; high-class material; artistic
tailoring; J4 to ?13 50. See our new Panama
cloth Eklrts. Golden Gate Cloak and Suit
House, 1230-1234 Market etreet. •
Stylish Walking Skins.
SANTA ROSA, i Aug. 27. — The resi
dence, of William Strong, situated five
miles from this city In Rlncon Valley,
was destroyed by fire this morning.
The blaze was communicated to the
residence from a grass fire, which .had
been set to burn the' dry vegetation in
close proximity to the house.
Country Residence Is Burned.
We Ho It All.
Engraving; printing. electrotyplng,
bookbinding. The best work at reason
able prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. • ,
Death of a Grand Army Veteran.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 27. — Major
John E. Mayo, assistant adjutant gen
eral and assistant Quartermaster,'De
partment of Oregon. G. A. R., died to
day of heart failure. He had been
ailing for some days with what he
and his friends considered stomach
trouble.
The following programme will be
' -ndercd to-day at Golden Gate Park
1 v the pa-i'k band, Paul Steindorff con
ductor:
PART L
' *tar SpaEffled Uanner" ;; .
National Anthem "V., 8? A.
i The audience is requited to artee and re
rr? n ; standing during the rendition of this
nuir.bfT.)
Varrh inir-rmfzzo. "Rustlinc Pilks'V. . .Snyder
Overture. "The HermU's Bell" .Maillart
Waltz. "Ball Scenes" Czibulka
Folo for baritone, Walter Cclverd.... Selected
<n erture. "STniramide" Rossini
Intermezzo Irom "PagliAccl" L«oncovallo
D**cr1ptlv« patrol, "The Trumpeters or the
Kmperor"" Vollstedt
Kr lection. . VMIkado" Sullivan
Potpourri, "International Corgrcsa" Soura
"America."
Music in the Park
General J. Lauck of Sacramento i3
at the California.
O. T. tVoodward of "Woodwards
Island is at the Grand.
Peter Mustothe, wine grower of
Fresno, is at the California.
D. D. Allison, a raisin grower of
Fresno, is at the Lick House.
A. W. Taylor of Fresno is among
the guests nt the Lick House.
F. J. Alexander,^ a Fresno raisin
grower, is reglsterd at the Lick.'
Mrs. Charles Bliss, who has been
touring Europe, will return in time for
the Knights Templar Conclave.
Dr. D. Siddall of The Dalles. Or., is
in this city visiting friends. He will
remain until the conclusion of tha
Knights Templar Conclave.
! Raphael Weill has returned to San
Francisco after a long sojourn in
Paris. The owls, of the Bohemian
Club hooted for joy when he arrived
last nisht.
PERSONALS.
• The full programme of the exercises
will be announced before the concert.
There will be excerpts from the music
of the Indian jinks composed by
Joseph D. Redding and from Monte
zuma, the music of which is by Dr. H.
J. Stewart, and from the last jinks of
"The Hamadryads," by "W. J. McCoy.
With the exception of the top gal
lery, to which admission will be $1,
all the seats will be $2.
Tickets for the Bohemian Club's
"jinks concert" can be purchased at
the Tivoli box office, the sate begin
ning to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
The concert, which will be given at
the Tivoli Thursday afternoon, Sep
tember 1, will be musically and
socially an enjoyable affair. The pub
lic, will then have an opportunity to
enjoy the music of the club, which is
a part of the Bohemians' midsum
mer festivities.
Admission Tickets to the Jinks Con
cert Will Be Sold at tho Tivoli
To-Morrow.
BOHEMIAN VOCALISTS
WILL SIXG IN PUBLIC
The constitutionality of the ordin
ance parsed by the Board of Supervis
ors providing that peddlers of theater
tickets or tickets for prize fights
should pay a license fee of $300 per
month was upheld by Judge Lawlor
yesterday. It was aimed to prevent
speculators from buying tickets and
selling them at a large profit-'
The decision was reached in the
case of Leon Weingarten on an appll
; cation for a writ of habeas corpus.
i Welngarten waa arrested on May 9,
1903, in front of the Orpheum while
j he was selling tickets without having
! obtained a license. The case was as
| signed to Police Judge Conlan's court.
jOn May 12 Weingarten was surren
j dered info custody and the applica
! tion for the writ was made on that
| date. On May 20 the case was dls
• missed in Judge Conlan's court, but
I application for the writ was not with
! drawn, as it was desired to test the
j constitutionality of the ordinance.
Before giving hi3 decision dismiss
ling the writ and remanding the pris
oner Judge Lawlor asked Wclngar
ten's attorney if he could produce any
i evidence as to the reasonableness of
; the action of the Board of Supervisors
j in imposing such a license fee, because
1 he could not say it was excessive as a
jmatter of law. The attorney replied
i In the negative. The Judge suggested
that the matter be taken before the
Supreme Court, so that the point
could be definitely decided.
J As the case was dismissed on May
| 20, 1903, by Judge Conlan no further
I action can be taken against Welngar
ten.
Time, - 1 :46 4-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. -. J. - A. Drake's b. g. by : Orvleto-Etty.
Jane Holly, Brooklynlte, Sliver Days, Pass-
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling:, three-year-olds and up:
Bettlns. . Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «', Fin.
3 tol—Orley II, 03 (Sperling) 1 12 1%
6 to 1— Klliott. 110, J. Daly) 3 ,4 2 2 H
S to 5— Flammula. 101 (Hildebrn) 6 3 5 S h
FOURTH RACE— Six. furlongs;- The Futur
ity for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
5 to 2— Artful, 114 (Hiklebrand) 2 2 lVjl o
12 to 1 — Tradition. 127 <L.yne> 4 5 V» 2 h
IS to 20 — Sysonbr. 127 (Redfern).. 1 In 3 3
Time. 1:114-5. Start good. Won ridden
out. Winner, H. B. Duryea's b. f. by Ham
burg-Poetess. Tanya, Councilman. "Agile, Belle
Strome, Wild Mint. Glorifler, Hot Shot. Oiseau,
Jack Lory. Woodsaw, Chrysitls, Bedouin, Rose
of Dawn, finished as named. •
FIFTH RACE — One mile; surse; three-year
old? and up: '
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
IS to 5— H. Chancellor, lit (O'X) 8 S 1 h
7 to 1— Dimple, 101 (Travers)... 5 2 *i 2 %
12 to 1-^-Dekaber. ICC (B.Martin) 2 :i y a :i 3
Time, 1 1:40. 'Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. J. A. Drake's b. c. by Odd Fellow-
Leonatus ¦ Mare No. 2. Pentaur, Ormonde's
Right. Incubator, Palmbearer and Gold Saint
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; The Fall han
dicap; three-year-olds and up:
B«ttlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. , St. *i "Fin^
12 to 1— Ham. Belle, 120 (Lyne).. 2 3 2 1 »£
1-2 to 1— Alan-a-Dale, 124 (Redfn) 1.21 24 .
5 to 1— Col. Jessup. 115 (O'NelD 3.-4 2 3n
Time. 1:17 4-5. Start ' poor. Won cleverly.
Winner,' S. ' Pagefs c. f. by Hamburg-Isaac.
Armenia. Lady Amelia. Grey Friar, Adtoe,
Flying Ship, Inpold. Reliable, Ancestor. Proper,
Dick Bernard. Divination, finished as named.
' SECOND RACE — Fire and one-half fur
longs; selling; for two-year-olds. ¦ . :
Betting. Horse, We'ght, Jockey. St. Si Fin.
5 to 1 — Tramotor, 107 (Shaw) . . 2 2 V4 I 1
12tol — Gilpin. 105 (W. Davis)..' 6 8 1 2b
5 to 1— Workman, 107 (H Philps)3 •* % 3 1H
Time, 1:07. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. Mrs. J. Blute'n b. %. by Indlo-Trclley.
Thirty-Third. MyBuela, Jerry C. ; Blue Coat,
Billy Bailey II, Uncle Charlie. Confessor,
Rose. Mary Kane. Eaterre. Black Prince, Tra
Filllpo, Maxey Moore. Young Hyson j finished
as named. . .
FIRST RACE— About two miles; the In
augural steeplechase handicap; for four-year
olds and ux>: -
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to IV-Caller. 15S (Donohue) . . 1 3115
20 to 1— Bonfire, 135 (OTJonnen). 3 1 V» 2n
0 to 5— Fox Hunter. 166 (Ray).. 9 4 3 3 30
Time, 4:00.' Start good. Won. riddan.oat.
Winner, 9. J. E. Wedener's b. %. by^ Tammany-
Caledon'.a; Eophone, . Knight of Harlem. Sein
zibor, • Delwery, The Ragged Cavalier, Flytng
Virginian and Amua finished aa named. . ¦
horse (J. B. Haggin), $1250; to the
nominator of the third horse, $500.
Summary:
Committee on contests — Chairman,
Sidney M. Van Wyck, Fortieth Dis
trict; Thomas F. Gavan, Thirty-first
District; Joseph E.CDonnell, Thirty
seventh District; Joseph Bell, Thirty
fifth District; George A. Kelley, Forty
fourth District.
Committee on platform and resolu
tions — Chairman, Eustace Culllnan,
Thirty-fourth District: Charles J.
Heggerty, Forty-first District; John T.
Hunter, Thirtieth District; -William A.
Kelly, Thirty-fifth District; P. F. Mc-
Carthy, Forty-third District.
Committee on permanent organiza
tion and order of business — John J.
Sweeney, Twenty-ninth District; "W.
A. Breslin, Twenty-eighth District;
Matthew Twomey, Thirtieth District;
James Mooney, Thirty-first District;
Eugene D., Sullivan, Thirty-second
District; Lawrence J. Dolan. Thirty
third District; James N. Hore, Thirty
fourth District;' .John Boarman,
Thirty-fifth District; L. J. Kerwin,
Thirty-sixth District: Jeremiah H. Dil
lon, Thirty-seventh District; Edward
Regan, Thirty-eighth District; E. C.
Harrison, Thirty-ninth District; John
O'Gara, Fortieth District: John J.
Quinn, Forty-first District; D. J.
O'Keefe. Forty-second District;
Joseph P. Hayes, Forty-third District;
Thomas J. Pindar, Forty-fourth Dis
trict; George Callahan, Forty-fifth
District. •?:.*"-
James C. Sims, chairman of the
local Democratic convention, has an
nounced the following committees:
Preparations Arc Made for the Xext
Meeting of the Democratic Local
Convention.
COMMITTEES APPOINTED
BY JAMES C. SIMS
Judge Lawlor Dismisses Ap
plication for a Writ in the
Case of Leon Weingarten
RULES AGAINST
TICKET BROKERS
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Having come to
this city with an incomplete address
as her only direction to find a relative,
Miss Ida Johnson, 17 years old, of Los
Angeles, Cal., will spend the night at
the Harrison-street station annex after
passing the day in a vain search for
her relative. Miss Johnson went to the
Chicago-avenue police station and told
her story to Captain Charles Rehm.
The captain advised her where to pass
the night, and the search will be re
sumed to-morrow.
Miss Johnson says that her uncle,
Alfred Johnson, aged 70 years, wrote to
her father asking the latter to send her
to nurse his invalid wife. He gave his
address as Milton avenue. With this
direction Miss Johnson left California
and arrived in Chicago yesterday. She
says that she left her valise at the Un
ion station in charge of one of the uni
formed attendants, . but received no
check for it. She immediately went to
Milton avenue, and consulting a direc
tory found many Johnsons, but none
was her relative.
Special Dlspatcb to The- Call.
PROMINENT LOCAL KNIGHTS
WHO WILL. AID IX ENTER
TAINING THE CONCLAVE.
Los Angeles Girl Cared For
by Chicago Police After
Vain Search for Relatives
SPENDS NIGHT
IN JAIL ANNEX
Sixth race, six furlcnys. handicap, selling,
purse $225 — Aunt Polly H2 (Henderson). ev t n,
won: Miss Culver, 107 (Crossthwaite). 3 to 1,
second; Skirmish. 105 (Sullivan), 3 to 1. third.
Time, 1:14. Our Pride and Dotterel also ran.
Seventh race, three-year-olds and; upward,
selling. pursa $223 — Maud Sherwood. 1 !>
(Crossthwaite).' 8" to 5,- won: Uppercut. US
(Hazard). 12. to 1 second; .Milas. 112 (Bor-?
in;.n), :> tr> 1. third. Time, 1:13. Tuck Ba-.k.
Bremens, Tannhauser nnd.Sktp Me a?so ran.
Fifth race, alx furlongs, all' ages, v'alu*
$150, Tom Fox selling stake — Romalne 113
(Henderson), 7 to ft, won; .Tom . Slavln ¦- 117
(Bozernan) even, second; Dr. Rowel! Ill
(Crossthwaite), 5 to 2. third. Time, 1:11.
Zenoman also ran.
Third race. six furlong'. selling. han
dicap, all agrs. r>ur«e $'J~2o — Sugrlen 112 (Hen
derson). 7 to 2. won; Dr. lllrdsall I'll tSu!
livan). 5 to 2. second; Box Eider. 10-1 tMoran).
S to 1. third. Time. 1:15. 'The Miller. Botany.
Paddy B, El Moro, Etna, also ran.
'Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, gell
ing 1 , three-year-olds and up. purse ?225 — P>>
tenela 109 (Bozexnan), 6 to 5, won: Pilot 112
(Burlingarae). 5 to 1 second; Queen Fay lrt-1
(Crossthwaite). 6 to 1. third. Time. 1:O$H-
Adalcho, Amonna, Samar and Torau'.a, als j
ran.
Belle (Parker) 3 13 12 1
Forrest XT, br. g. (McDonald) 4 2 12 13
Tom Smith, br. .«. (Zibble)... 2 .1 2 dr.
Rozelle, gr. ?. (Maben) 1 4 4 dr.
Time, 2:14— 2:15— 2:17— 2:19!-— 2:22— 2 :Ut'i.
Second race — 2:10 cla?s: pace; purse $730:
Kelly Briggs. br. k. by Bayawater
Wilkes-Alsona « Wright) 2 111
Edwin S. b. g. (Daniel?) I .2 -4. 3
Zolock, br. s. t Delano) 5 4 IMr,
O:na A. b. m tMosber) 3 .'I Bdc,
Highball. b!k. g. < Vance > 6 .1 3<lr.
Ira, b. g. (Alaben) 4 B OcSr.
Cuckoo, b. g. < Lt-gpet) dis.
Time. 2:t'.<<>3— 2:11— 2:11— 2:2:8.
First race — 2:13 tr.-.t; purse $700
Princese, b. in., by Eugeneer-
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 27. — Seven
races were on the programme to-day,
making a card which interested the
bettors, and considerable money
changed hands. Six heats were re
quired to settle the opening race, the
2:13 trot. Rozelle won. the first heat
in 2:14, but after that he was unsteady
and a series of disastrous breaks in
the fourth heat caused him to be dis
tanced. The race finally went to Prin
cess, which took the second, fourth and
sixth heats. Forest winning the third
and fifth. Kelly Briggs, well piloted
by Wright, won the 2:10 pace after
Edwin S. had taken the first heat in
the fast time of 2:0S 1 / 2- Summary:
Exciting Sport Is Supplied by a Card
of Seven Races at the
State Fair.
SIX HEATS ARE REQUIRED
TO DECIDE THE 2:13 TROT
To-day's race, while not as rich by
many thousands of dollars as some of
the preceding: ones, was worth a total
of $54,290, divided as follows. To the
winner, $43,500; to the second, $4917;
third,- J2083;to the nominator of the
winner (estate of William C. Whitney).
$2000; to the nominator of the second
STAKE A RICH OXE.
A few minutes after 4 o'clock the
horses were, lined up for the start.
There was a delay at the post, owing
to the size of the field,, but after a few
moments Starter Fitzgerald sent the
field away. * Sysonby, with Redfern
up, was on his toes as the barrier
snapped and took the rail. '. Artful was
away second and ra 9?d head and head
with Sysonby. for three-eighths of a
mile. Tanya and Tradition were third
and fourth, with the . other twelve
bunched behind- them. Redfern, on
Sysonby, seemed to have the race at
his mercy, but the light weighted Art
ful never lost an inch and _as they
rushed' past the half mile post Sy
sonby began to ,. tire. Hildebrand,
quick to see his advantage, began to
hand-ride the fleet filly. Inch by inch
he crawled up- and as they' dashed
past the five. furlong pole he was lap
ping Sysonby's saddle. -
As the racers tore down the stretch
toward the finish it was plain to be
seen that the, great son of Melton and
Optime was beaten. Tanya, which had
been running third, gave way to Tra
dition. Lyhe, ! on the latter, worked
like a demon in the 'last seventy yards
and succeeded in catchmgr Sysonby.
Artful in that distance had gone away
at every Jump. Passing under the
j wire she was five lengths in front of
Tradition. The -latter was a short
head in front of Sysonby. •
SYSONBY SHOWS IX FRONT.
A chilly wind during the morning
gave way after the noonhour to bright
sunshine and every inch of space in the
double-decked grand* stand was occu
pied. When, the., candidates paraded
past the grand stand to the post the
excitement was intense. In the betting
ring the struggle of would-be players
had for a half-hour preceding the bu
gle call been terrific. Keene's entry,
which had opened at 4 to 5, was backed
down until 13 to 20 was the best price
obtainable. Not a great deal of money
¦was risked, however, to force ,. the
price, because every bookmaker in the
ring openly expressed the belief that
Sysonby- would. win in a gallop.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Artful, a
brown filly by Hamburg, bred by the
late William C. Whitney and bearing
the colors of Herman B. Duryea, won
the seventeenth renewal of the Futu
rity to-day at Sheepshead Bay. Tra
dition, bred by "James B. Haggin and
running in the name of Sydney Paget, ;
was second, while Sysonby, from the
stable of James R. Keene and bred In
Virginia, finished third. The Keene
entry— Sysonby and Wild Mint — was
favorite in the betting at 13 to 20, but
was not heavily backed in view of the
short price. The Duryea entry received
the bulk of the public wagers at- 5 to 2.
Tradition was also heavily played at
the good odds of 4 to 1 for the place.
The time made was the fastest on rec
ord for the stake over the full six fur
longs, the distance for the race since
1902. • ¦ • ¦ ¦
bock. Proceeds, Witchcraft and Leader finished
as named.
James R. Keene's Sys
onby Finishes in
Third Position. /
Cambridge Commandery No. 42 of
Cambridge, Mass., is coming on a mag
nificently equipped special train from
t^e Washington elm to the Golden
Gait!.
The eastern end of Post street will be
dres-:seU* in holiday attire and brilliantly
i, "luminated during conclave week. The
i'os* street Improvement Club, com
posed of merchants doing business on
Post "sireet, from Montgomery to
Powell, will make quite an elaborate
display of flap?, bunting, trees and elec
trk-^ lights. Garlands of evergreens will
FpaH the street from curb to curb, while
tail rc-Gv.-cod trees will be fastened to
. .th» poles supporting the trolley wires,
v bleb will give those few squares the
rp^earance of a vista flanked with liv
*ir:£ trees. The buildings will be dressed
with f.asrs. bunting and emblems. Fol
lowing: arc the officers of The club in
< hof ge of the decoration and illumina
tion: •President. Dynon Mauzy; vice
1,-iesident, E. H. Mitchell; Fecr^tary-
Lreasurer, C. L. Hogue; directors —
. Charlos Crocker. J. O. Gantner, A. M.
liobertson end George D. Cooper.
Calf'ornia Comrr.andery will have its
headquarters in the art gallery of the
Pavilion, and twenty-one of the Cali
fornia- commanderies will share the
vast space of the building and assist in
entertaining: the visitors. The main
auditorium will be furnished so as to
give it a forest effect, and the emblems
designed from thousands of lamps will
lender brilliancy to the same. There
w ill be ample room for drills, dancing
end promenade concerts. The special
headquarters of California Command
try will be fitted in the Spanish style.
The annex hall will be converted into
a Japanese garden.
The Pacific Coast squadron will re
main in San Francisco during the
Knijfhts Templar Conclave. Although
Failing orderp had been given to leave
Monday, and the New York had about
completed coaling, through the efforts
of the California Promotion Committee
the visiting Knights will be enabled to
f*v» and visit the sqtiadron during the
conclave.
„ The official mounted escort for the
Triennial Conclave of the Knights
Templar will be reviewed and inspected
on Van Ness avenue, near Sutter street,
at 11:15 b'clock this morning before the
grand commander of California, the
grand captain general and the execu
tive committee of the Knights. The es
iort consists of a squadron of Knights
selected -from the different command
fries o'f this State. The troop will be in
full uniform of the Templars and
mounieS on coal black steeds.
The committees in charge of the con
. clave have almost completed their work.
Among those specially commended are
W. E. Pettes of the prominent citizens'
committee and Sir Knight J. F. Clark
of the auditing committee. Chief of Po
lice Wittman has earned the gratitude
of the Templars for valuable assistance
and advice given them.
Committees Are Doing
Wonderful Work
for Conclave.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— The Herald
will say to-morrow: "There Is a rather
strong possibility that the election re
turns on the night of November 8 will
show a Democratic House of Repre
sentatives for the Fifty-ninth Con
gress.
"Under the peculiar conditions which
are prevailing in various parts of the
country it is possible that the Repub
licans may elect their national ticket
and still lose the House by a large ma
jority.
"The Herald has made an investiga
tion of this subject and is able to pre
sent a few hard facts, based on careful
inquiry and reliable information.
"Put briefly, the situation is that the
Democrats have rather the better of it
at the outset of the campaign. There
are 3S6 members of the House of Rep
resentatives. In the present House
there are 20S Republicans, 172 Demo
crats, two Union Labor delegates and
four vacancies. The Republicans thus
have a majority of thirty-four.
"Investigation shows that in the
United States there are 159 districts
that can be counted safely Democratic.
There are 156 districts that can be
counted safely Republican. There are
seventy-one doubtful districts, which
may be carried by either side, and in
these the great battle for the control of
the House of Representatives: must be
fought. . ¦ '-^ ; -r . • >f % :'•' '•$£* f§ '-
"Iri'order'io/dbtaln a bar* • majority,
it is necessary for the Democrats to
carry thirty-five of the seventy-one
doubtful districts. It is necessary for
the Republicans to carry, thirty-six of
them.
"The doubtful districts are now repre
sented in Congress as follows:
States— -'Dem. Rep.
California 2 - 1
Colorado (one at large)'.... .". 1 2
Connecticut (one at large). 0 3
Delaware '..'•* 1 ¦ 0
Illinois 2 4
Indiana 2 3
Iowa 1 1
Kansas 0 3
Maryland 0 2
Massachusetts *• 1 • 2
Minnesota 0 2
Montana 0 1
Nebraska 0 4
New Jersey 0 3
New York........ 4 2
Ohio 2 4
Pennsylvania'.... 1 5
Rhode Island .. 1 1
Virginia 0 1
West Virginia 0 4
Wisconsin 0 5
Totals 18 53
Must Win in Thirty-Five of
the Seventy-One Districts
Classed as Doubtful
DEMOCRATS MAY RULE
Thus Declares the New York
Herald After Poll of
Congressional Situation
STATUS OF NEXT
HOUSE IN DOUBT
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904
ARTFUL, THE FLEET BROWN DAUGHTER OF HAMBURG,
CARRIES DURYEA COLORS TO VICTORY IN FUTURITY
Pages 35 to 48
« ¦ . ; ;,,
Pages 35 to 48
« : : — ; ; — [
MOUNTED TROOP OF SIR KNIGHTS
WILL RIDE THEIR STEEDS TO-DAYDENVER, Aug. 27. — Governor Pea
body to-day sent a letter to Sheriff
Bell of Teller County in regard to the
mob which last Saturday deported fif
teen men and destroyed the store of
the Interstate Mercantile Company.
The Governor says he is informed that
a similar mob contemplates a still fur
ther outrage and offers to send the
militia again to assist the Sheriff In
maintaining order. 'This Is the first
recognition by the Governor of the out
break last Saturday night.)
Colorado's Governor Warns Sheriff of
Contempfated Act of Mob.
OFFERS TO SEXD MILITIA.
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.— The Repub
lican National Committee to-day
wired to Senator Foraker of Ohio and
George A. Knight of California, as
signing them to speak, in Chicago on
September 17 at a meeting, to be held
in the Auditorium under the auspices
of the Hamilton Club. This jvill.be
the first big demonstration of the cam
paign in Chicago. Knight is remem
bered here as the orator who seconded
the nomination of President Roosevelt
at the Coliseum and caught the fancy
of the audience by his ability to make
himself heard in every part of the
big hall.
Californian Will Assist in Opening the
Illinois Campaign.
KNIGHT TO TALK IN CHICAGO.
The men rolled down a steep flight
cf steps tightly clinched and continued
to pummel each- other until separated
by bystanders, j > ~...^
SALT LAKE, Aug. 27. — As a cul
mination of the great bitterness aris
ing from the recent Republican State
Convention, at which Governor H. M.
Wells waa defeated for a third-term
nomination, Alma Katz, brother-in
law of Governor Wells and a member
of the staff of Governor Morrison of
Idaho, and Dr. H. N. Mayo, who was
elected as a Wells delegate to the con
vention, but who voted j for John C.
Cutler, had a 'flat fight on Main street
to-day in which both were badly
bruised.
Dr. Katz was Governor Wells' cam
paign manager. He and Dr. Mayo
nearly came to blows on tbj^ floor of
the convention, at which time Katz
unmercifully scored Mayo for his de
fection, and to-day when they met
on the street Mayo demanded a retrac
tion. This was refused and the fight
followed.
Encounter Is Culmination of Bitter
ness Created at 1 Recent State
Republican Convention.
UTAH POLITICIANS PUNCH
EACH OTIIEIt IX STREET
NEW* YORK. Aug. 27.— With the de
feat of Sysonby. the odds-on favorite
for the Futurity, almost every big bet
tor on the American turf recorded a
loss in his betting book. The principal
losers were John W. Gates and John A. 1
Drake. Between them they wagered
about $100,000 on Sysonby. Judging
from the reckless manner in which
they played their bets with bookmak
ers, Gates and Drake believed the son
of Melton could not possibly lose.
Bettors Lose Heavily on Sysonby.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27. — It was re
ported in Newark to-day that a new
party, to be composed of Hearst's Dem
ocratic followers whose representatives
bolted the regular parties at the State
Convention last April, Is to be formed
in New Jersey. It is to be known as
tHe People's Democratic party and is
to have a convention in Atlantic City
on or about September 7 to nominate
a State ticket and Presidential electors.
It was said also that the call for the
convention will be issued in a few
days.
Colonel E. Price, chairman of the
committee which last week issued the
outraged Democracy address, because
of the action of the State Convention
toward him and his followers, Is not in
Newark and thus authentic confirma
tion is lacking.
Hearst's Followers Said to Be Form
ing New Organization.
PEOPLE'S . DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
• ST. LOUIS, Aug. 27. — One of the
features of "Liberal Arts day, which
was to-day observed at the World's
Fair, was a floral parade. The Liberal
Arts building was opened with the
ceremony of "parading the colors" by
the United States marines. The fea
ture was the flight of 600 homing
pigeons from the towers of the Palace
of Liberal Arts. These pigeons bore
messages of congratulation to every
part of America.
Relcaso of Six Hundred Homing
Pigeons Feature of Liberal Arts
Day at Fair.
BIRDS CARRY MESSAGES
TO ALL PARTS OP A3IERICA
Leaders in the Pennant Race Continue
Their Victorious Career on tho
Diamond.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 27.— New York took
the opening game of the series from
St. Louis this afternoon in easy fast-
Ion. Attendance, 7200. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 5 4
New York 9 '11 3
Batteries— Taylor and Grady, Math
ewson and Bowerman. Umpires—Zim
mer and Johnstone.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 27.— Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 9 0
Boston 13 1
Batteries — Harper and Peltz; Pit
tinger and Marshall. Umplres^ — Moran
and Carpenter.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 27.— Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg ;. 6 11 0
Brooklyn 5 11 6
Batteries — Flaherty and Phelps,
Jones and Bergen. Umpire— Emslie.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 9 2
Philadelphia 5 8 4
Batteries— Lundgren and Briggs;
Frazer and Dooin. Umpire — Kennedy.
American league.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 27.— Score:
B. H. E.
Detroit 3 8 3
Philadelphia 4 10 1
Batteries — Donovan and Beville;
Platik and Powers.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 27.— Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 7 10 1
New York J , 2 9 2
Batteries— Hynes, Pelty and Sugden;
Orth. Griffith and Kleinow.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Score:
' R. H. E.
Washington 0 4 0
Cleveland 1 o 0
Batteries — Hughes and Kittredge;
Donohue and Bemls.
BOSTON, Aug. 27.— Score:
R. H. E.
Boston ...; 2 7 0
Chicago l 7 o
Batteries— J. Tannehill and Criger;
Owen and Sullivan. . ••
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling —
Misty's Pride won. Red Tip second,
Nonie third. Time, 1:27.-
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Chub
wen, Leash second, El Piloto third.
Time, 1:42.
Seventh race, four furlongs, for gen
tlemen riders — Barnato won, Morengo
second, Zadoc third. Time, :53%.
Racing at Portland.
PORTLAND, Aug. 27. — Results at
Irvington track:
First race, five, and a half furlongs,
selling — Eldred won, Black Cloud sec
ond. Military third. Time, 1:09%.
Second race, one mile, selling —
Homage won, Rose of Hilo second,
Tonopah third. Time, 1:44^.
Third race, five furlongs, selling —
Sallle Goodwin won, Bell Reed sec
ond, Karabel third. Time, 1:02%.
Fourth race, one mile. Exposition
handicap, value $450 — Forest King
wen, Northwest second, Dora I third.
Time, 1:42%.
REDDING. Aug. 27. — All slates
were smashed at the convention held
by the Shasta County Democracy in
this* city to-day. The convention was
held for the purpose of electing a
County Central Committee, officers for
the same and nominees for the Sec
ond, Third and Fourth Supervisorial
districts. J. E. Barber was slated for
the chairmanship of the convention,,
but the country delegations brought
in a dark horse and broke the slate
by electing McCoy Fitzgerald of Clear
Creek. Barber was afterward elected
chairman of the Central Committee.
Dillon "vV'oodfill was nominated for
Supervisor in the. Second District on
the eleventh ballot. Tom Houston was
nominated in the Third and Herbert
Bass in the Fourth. The convention
was a fight from beginning to end, but
the Democrats are jollifying to-night.
The Fourth Assembly convention
meets in this city Monday.
Hold Lively Convention and Nominate
Three Supervisorial Candidates.
SHASTA COUNTY DEMOCRATS.
Many efforts had been made by the
family to break the old lady's craving
for tobacco, but while her daughter
ap.d the latter's young child were
. asleep and the son-in-law waa absent
Fhe lay dov.n on her bed to enjoy a
Fmoke. The son-in-law returned
, shortly and found the apartment in
flames. "With great difficulty he res
cued his wife and baby.
After the firemen had extinguished
the blaze they found Mrs. Claspy's
body burned to a crisp. Apparently
the had fallen asleep and let her pipe
drop upon the bed.
Takes a Smoke in Bed and Is Burned
in the Fire That
¦ Results.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27. — Mrs. Han
nah Claspy, £0 years old, has been
burned to death in her bed at her
Fon-in-lav.'s home in Harlem as a re
f«H of her fondness for smoking a
I»:pe.
LOVE OF AX OLD WOMAN
VOU. PIPE CAUSES DEATH
The second class doubles tennis tour
nament held at the park courts yes
terday by the members of the Ladies'
Annex was not up to the mark of. re
cent events held by these fair racket
•wielders. In fact interest was hardly
aroused in any of the matches and In
nc instance did a team need to play
the full three sets to win out.
Miss Vera Crocker and Miss Ida
Mearns, the holders of the three-time
trophies, had little trouble in reach
ing the final round. The Misses Meyer
and Vodden, their opponents, had to
play but one match to get this far, as
Miss K. Lindstrom and Miss A. Al
berger defaulted. The final match
was as one-sided as could be, Miss
Meyer and Miss Vodden playing poor
ly. Not fifteen minutes had elapsed
when the first set was over. In the
second matters were somewhat closer
focthe first four or five games. Miss
Crocker and Miss Mearns then showed
their superiority by winning out
easily.
The closest game of the tourney
was In the first round between Miss
Bbssie Culley and Miss Alice Duncan
against the Traverner sisters, Marlon
ajid Clare. The first set was the best.
After many good rallies the Traverner
sisters won out, 6-4. The second set
was won by 6-3.
In three matches 'the winners lost
but seven games and in no instance
did they have to extend themselves.
Their first was against Miss Levlnson
and Miss Lea, the first set being won
without the -loss of the game and
the second 6-2. Against the Traverner
sisters the two-time cup winners
lost one game in the first set and two
In the second. The Misses Mearns and
Crocker won the finals by the same
score as in the first match.
The scores follow: Preliminary
round — Miss Vera Beyfuss and Mis3
Edith Hess beat Miss Bessie Gardner
and Miss Greenberg. 6-0, 6-2. First
round — The Misses Clare and Marion
Traverner beat Miss Alice Duncan and
Miss Bessie Culley, 6-4, 6-3; Miss Ida
Mearns and Miss Vera Crocker beat
Miss Hilda Levinson and Miss A. Lea,
6-0, 6-2; Miss, A. Vodden and Miss
Golda Meyer beat Miss K. Lindstrom
and Miss Anna Alberger by default;
Miss V. Beyfuss and Miss Hess beat
Miss "Worcester and Miss E>. "Weed, 6-0,
6-2. Semi-finals^ — The Misses Mearns
and Crocker beat the Misses Traver
ner, 6-1, 6-2; Miss Meyer and Miss
Vedden beat Miss Beyfuss and Misa
Hess, 6-1, 6-4. Finals — Miss Mearns
and Miss Crocker beat Miss Meyer and
Mis3 Vodden, 6-0, 6-2.
CUP HOLDERS
ARE VICTORS
NEW YORK NATIONALS
EASILY DEFEAT ST. LOUIS
RT. LOniS, Aug. 27.— Arlena won the
feature race at the; Fair Grounds to
day, the handicap for two-year-old3 at
eix furlough. Woodlands was second
ami Prlnc«»j<H Orna third. Summary:
Filial' HACK— Hlx and a half furlongs;
tin. >i.ii i.i.i.-. urul uuward:
Utilllntf, IIprM WelKht. Jockey, Start, *i Fin.
Q tu l*-.loe tlium, 105 <\V. Dugan) 2 3 *i 1 1
•1 to I— lately V'uchtl, 0.1 (H.Andrit) ¦* 5tt 2 ha
U «.i I— Bid Htfycr, 105 (Voun«>... Ii 21-34
Time, 1:21 ',i. Hurt scxxl. Won driving.
Winner, V. V. i^wls' ch. k (7) by Lysander
\.iii.ijliflit. AH.iu 01. lvarnla 03, Fitzbrlllar
ltJS. iliilslud ad iijiti'-d.
SECOND RACE— F1v« and a half furlongs;
two-year-old*: ,
Uettim,-, H< . rao Weight. Jorkey. Start. *? I' In.
ti to 1— Tim llui»t. lot (HAndra) 1 1 .1 1 1 la
15 tO 1— l.aJy L<>'\ Ofi <Se.lftr) 2 4 2 2 1' 3
2 l» 1— I'kture lUt. KW (Txler) 8 2 2',i3 Vt
Ttm<\ l;0tf!4. Start good. Won ea»lly. Win
ner. W. Mchrolbrr's <h. c. <2) by Balgowan or
Koul Shot-Muuch. Loila Hunter 00. Prevent
atlve 08, Annubelle Lee DS, Mtllwood 1«J. Lim
erick Uirl 1UO. UtGramniont 1OJ, Dromlo OS,
La Princess U5. finished aa named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-old*
ami unward:
Netting. Horse Weight. Jockey. Start. % Fin.
0 to 1— Money Murs. 112 (MHn) 3 2 2 1 ns
10 to 1— Klnff Rose. 112 U.Cnly) 5 4 Va - n
S to 2— JWON«111. 105 (Troxler) 1 In 3 Ui
Time, 1:14 >>. Start jrood. Won driving.
Winner. V. C. Donalechea ch. m. t«0 by Tha
Heri>- Little Grova Queen. Jlmalonc 112, Ma
falda OS, Evening Star 110. Glennevls 115, St.
Wlnifrlde 105, ilnlshed as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year
olds:
Betting, florae, -Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1 — Arlena SO (Howell). ... ... 2 H4U
2 to 1— Woodlands. 1C0 (Otia)....3 3 1^2n
7 to 1— Prin. Orna. S3 (Rice) 4 4 V* A n
Time. 1:14. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ter. Mrs. M. A. Lawson's br. t. (2) by Wu
terlevel-Vlgllette. Fruit 101, Loretta M 115.
His Worship 80, Loyal Street SO. finished aa
named.
FIFTH RACE— One and an el«hth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 5 — Bas d'Or. 117 (Foley)..,4 2» In
4 to 1 — Just So, 00 tD. Austin).. 5 11 2 4
2 to 1— Taby Tosa. 1CKJ (Llndsey) 6 4 5 3 n
Tim© 1:33. Start good. Won driving. Wir
ner, W. Mulkey's ch. g. (4) by Dochaxt-Gold
en Slipper. Schoolmate 04, Ui •aster 93, Lyrist
92, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
15 to 1— Pathos, 93 (Rice) 3 21 11
15 to 1 — Avoid, 105 IT. Dean) 1 1 h 2 f tj
5 to 1— Pierca J. 102 (L-Willmi) 4 5 2 3 8
Time, 1:40. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. P. J. Nolan's ch- h. (4) by Cayuga-Julta
May. Asgie Lewis .83, Athelrose l>». The
Bugaboo 103, Juba OS, Blissful 07. Dawson 07.
Kenna 100. Prince of Pilsen 02, finished aa
named.
SEVENTH RACE— One and three-eighths
miles; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Hor»»». Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 2 — J. McGurk. 96 (H. Andsn) 5 2 2 13
15 to 1— St.Simonian. lOl(D.Aust) 2 Sh 2 nk
3 to 1— Wissendine, 00 (U.Wilms) 8 1 1^3 1
• Time, 2:23^4. Start good. "Won easily.
Winner. G. Lanka's ch. k. (6) by Wadsworth-
Preference. Miss Eon 07. Georgs Vivian 04;
Carley'B Dream 104, Compass 04. Flora Bright
07. Little Corker 90. Mae Miller 94. Murmur
02. Hucena 04. Burk Cochran 99. Larry Wilt
li.il, finished aa named.
Following are the results of yester
day's events at the Ingleside Coursing
Park:
Open stake — Smiler beat Royal Spirit,
9-3; Medea beat Brewery Maid, 1-Z;
Gunfire beat Haddinston. 24-3; Lucky
Shamrock beat Bright Future. 7-0:
Piker beat The Sheriff, 7-5; Chile Mam
beat Idaho Boy, 8-2; Prompto. beat
Summer Girl, S-3; Magic Stuff beat 4
Lady Leeds, 12-7; Doreen beat McHen
ry. 5-3; Frank Dunn beat Young Kerry
Pippin, 6-4; The Mist beat Joe Hill. 25
5; Racy Rose beat LittJe Klamath. 6-3;
Wedgewood beat Hot Pattl. 6-3; Th?
Coroner beat Anrta Dale, 10-2; Concord
Boy beat Bob R, 14-11; Commercial
Traveler beat Cavelette, 23-14; Ouida.
beat Red Brick, 4-2; Lady Menlo beat
Good as Gold, 16-0; Flowery Friend
beat Pepper Jack. 7-1; Star Sylvanus
beat Miss Lucille, 10-4; Little Mercy
beat Rushaway, 10-6; Annie Ryne beat
Laboring Boy. 12-2; Mountain Eagle
beat Jimmy Lyons, 24^-10; Rich Array
beat Manru. 15-10; Icellus beat Hawk
eye, 18-10; Young Johnny Rex beat
Maid of Gowrie, 7-2; Humbug be3t
Camber. 6-3; Rialto beat Black Bart,
26-2; Fire Brick a bye, Frisky Boy
withdrawn; Altamax beat Little Lucy,
3-1; Richochat beat Rocklin Boy, 4-0;
Craig Lad beat Beauty Gold, 17-11
Reserve stake — Laughing "Water beat
Picadilly, 4-0; Rector beat Modesto
Boy, 5-0; Carlow Boy beat Prometheus,
8-1; Foxhunter beat Ready Address,
10-3; Galveston beat Pure Pearl, 4-0;
Little Plunger beat Doc Burns, 10-2;
Silver Cloud beat Lord Brazen, 10-3;
Valley Pride beat Real Pasha, 26-7;
Royal Friend beat Black Coon, 16-10;
Gallant Glancer beat Flount, 8-3; Sea
Lion beat Aeolus, 3-2; Glaucus beat
General Fremont, 7-2; Vina beat Free
From Flaw, 8-5; Imperious beat Sunny
South, 7-5; Full Moon beat Remlsso
Animo, 8-5; Runaway Actress beat
Fretter, 7-3; Ragged Actor beat ButU
City, 22-4; Tom King beat Friendless
Boy, 6-5; Haughty Helen beat Gilmore,
8-3; Queen's Motto beat Luxury. 5-2; j
Eagle Bird beat Lost Chord, 7-5; Clover j
Blossom beat Honest John. S-4; Mellin
wood beat Silver Heels, 10-7; Crawford
Belle beat Sir "Wlnton. 8-5.
A clam recently taken from Green
wich Bay, Rhode Island, weighed an
ounce over two pounds.
One thousand acres of the old Wood
burn farm In Kentucky have been
leased by j. B. Haggln for the . exclu
sive use of his trotters. Although, his
trotting stud ls'not so- prominent as his
thoroughbred establishment, Mr. 'Hag
gin owns and has bred. a. great many
fast performers and valuable producers.
The three-year-olds that have ap
peared in the stakes are a high-class
lot. Murray M, a colt by Hambie
tonian Wilkes, bred ¦ at . the, Green
Meadow Stock Farm, Santa Clara,
holds the fastest record, having trotted
a third heat in 2:14 at Santa Rosa. He
was beaten the fourth heat and the
race, however, by the little filly Mamie
R, owned by Mannie Reams of Suisu'n,
in 2:15%. These two are without doubt \
the class of this year's three-year-olda '
In California, but neither was entered
in the Occident nor the Stanford stakes
at the State Fair.
The Occident stake proved the long
est drawn out race in its history and
took seven heats to decide. Almaden,
a son of that game racehorse Direct,
2:05%. that Monroe Salisbury beat all
the best Eastern pacers with, proved
the winner simply because of his
gameness and W. G. Durfee's good
driving. He had been a sick colt un
til a few weeks before the stake was
trotted and did not have as much speed
as he showed in his two-year-old form,
when he won the Breeders' Futurity for
two-year-olds and took a record of
2:22»4. The faster colts- split the race
up and tired, and. coming back to his
rate of sneed, were at his mercy after
four heats had been trotted.
The trotter Morosco, by Wayland W,
which T. C. Cabney is campaigning
through the circuit, is the best and
fastest of those that have started in
the slow classes this year In California.
He is owned by I. N. Minor of Arcata,
and, while not a handsome, horse, is a
bold-going and speedy trotter. The
bad judgment -displayed by his driver
in laying up the first heat of his race
at Sacramento en the opening day was
a surprise to every one. The prompt
action of the judges in fining him $50
was a mild punishment, but accom
plished the desired result and taught
the reinsman a lesson that he probably
will not forget for some time. Morosco
is capable of a mile in 2:10 under favor
able conditions, as his easy heat in 2:12
at Santa Rosa clearly shows.
The largest stake of the year for trot
ters, the $15,000 Massachusetts, was
won at Readville last Wednesday by
Consuela S, a daughter of the once
champion Directum, She was
bred by Monroe Salisbury, who is rac
ing her. She is ten years old. A pe
culiar feature of this race was that of
the three California-bred horses en
tered in It all got some of the money.
George G, the $15,000 horse, was award
ed third money, and The Roman, the
son of McKinney, bred by Frank H.
Burke of this city, won the fourth divi
sion of the purse. George G took a new
record by winning the first heat in
2:07%, which proves him to have all
the speed claimed for him. Of the
horses that were expected to make a
great showing in this race were John
Taylor and Snyder McGregor. They
were both frequent winners, but they
could not keep up with the . Califor
nians.
Sweet Marie, the Los Angeles mare,
is the biggest winner on the grand cir
cuit, having added nearly $15,000 to her
owner's bank account since she started
at Detroit. ' ' :
Lou Dillon, 1:58%, the champion trot
ter, has fully recovered and will try to
lower a record or two at the two days'
matinee meeting of the Association of
Driving Clubs, which opens at Cleve
land, Ohio, August 30. • She will prob
ably be driven to high wheels In an at
tempt to reduce the record of 2:08% to
that hitch, now held by Maud S.
Arion, 2:08%, will be>sold at auction
during the Old Glory sale. In November.
He brought $125,000 when the late Mal
colm Forbes purchased him from the
Palo Alto stock farm, which was after
he had made his record of 2:10% as a
two-year-old to a high wheel sulky, a
record that has never been approached
by a two-year-old trotter since.
News from Cleveland Is to the effect
that the California-bred stallion John
A. McKerron was never In such good
physical condition as this year. He is a
grand-appearing stallion In every way.
H. K. Devereauxi his' owner, is cpnflr
dent he will Improve his record of
2:04%. So far; this season McKerron
has not been asked to go a faster mile
than 2:25, but from now on his speed
will be sharpened and he will be put on
edge for a flight against time at the
Memphis meeting in October. .
Excellent racing has-been seen on the
short California harness circuit this
year, the owners and trainers attribut
ing it to the absence of \he bookmak
ing fraternity from participation in the
game. However this may be, the fact
remains there has never been a season
of racing iij California where so few
heats have been laid up. There were
only two or [ three suspicious-looking
heats fronvIMeasanton to Santa Rosa.
The fast time made this season has
been'a surprise to the horsemen them
selves, who did not expect 2:10 to be
beaten by the pacers nor 2:15 by the
trotters. Dictatress, 2:08^4; Tom Car
neal, 2:08^; Kelly Briggs, 2:09U; Zo
lock, 2:09Vi. and Highball, 2:09%. are
some of the new 2:10 pacing perform
ers the California circuit has produced
to date.
Among the fast trotters that have
dropped Into the 2:15 list are Morosco,
2:12: Coronado, 2:12%; Ole. 2:llVi; H D
B, 2:13; Una K, 2:14»A; Lady Madison.
2-.14U: Briney K, 2:15. and Princess,
2:14.
Jeffries' theatrical venture will be
n;;ide under the management of Sam
Mott, an old-time dramatic manager
of San Francisco.
Should any one appear who is look
ing for an argument with the big fel
low he will -t>e accommodated, pro
vided, of course, that he makes him
self knoven before Jeflries has been
out of business so long that it will be
impossible for him to get into con
dition. Otherwise the boiler-maker
will retire on his laurels as the only
¦undefeated champion of the world.
Zick Abrams is out with a challenge
on behalf of Jack Johnson, the colored
heavyweight who thinks he wants to
lisht Jeffries. Radium is said to have
certain qualities which can change the
color of individuals. If Juhnson ever
faces Jeffries in the ring thft kaleido
scopic changes of color whic* will re
sult irtll cast all the effects of radium
into the shade. At that Johnson
Fhould make an immeasurably better
t-howing than ctid Munroe.
Because of the lack of more worlds
to conquer Jeffries has been forced to
seek a new occupation. He has de
cided to exchange the glare of the
lights ovor the squared circle for the
footlights. The burly champion has
decided to take the advice of his trainer
iir.d will retire from the ring.
Billy Delaney said yesterday that
ofier a month's rest the champion
would prepare to take a theatrical
company on the road, starting about
October 1. Ju?t what production will
ht selected has not yet been definitely
determined, but Jeffries will probably
jiFFume the leading role in "Davy
Crockett." He will take a company
of California actors and will play the
coast cities first. If the venture proves
ETCcessfuJ Jeffries will journey East,
after which he will visit the cities of
ihe South, which he has never yet
vipited.
-Jack Munroe was sore In body and
rpirit yesterday over the outcome of
his little seance with Jeffries. The
miner's face had the appearance of
having been mauled with an iron in
strument, but the injuries were only
the result of contact with Jeffries'
l>a£d£d fists.
Uusroe] moved about all day as
though in a trance and was disconso
late. He knows he did not put up the
light of wh'.ch he was capable and re
jrrets his poor showing. He could not
sjft up steam with th3 terrible form of
Joffi-ies before his eyes. He will go
East and will try to make a fresh start
•with some of the lesser lights of the
Jin?.
Minei; Slay Take on Some of
the lesser ],it»hts of
the Heavy- Weight Class
Young Courser Beats Fleet
Silver Heels in Exciting
Trial at • Liberal Odd"
Sweet 3Iarie, Consuela S, The
llomanj George G Are Win
ning / on 'Eastern Tracks
3IUNK0E WILL GO EAST
CALIFOBNIANS' SUCCESS
MELLIXW00D SCOR ES
Errors — Mohlcr. Chape, Gray. Earned runs —
Seattle 2, Los Angeles 3. Two-base hits —
I'.'.ankenship 2, Frisk, Chase, Flood. Threc
lia^ hit — Boss. Sacrifice hits — Van Hallren,
Bernard. C. Hall, Flood, J. Smith. Bases on
bulls — Oft C. Hall 1 oft Gray 2. Struck out—
B» C. Hall 1, by Gray 3. Double play — Spies
to Toman. Left on bases — Seattle 3, Los» An
geles 7. Time of gamo — One hour and 37 min
utes. Umpires — Brown and McDonald.
SUMMARY
SEATTLE, Aug. 27. — By bunching
hits in the first two innings Seattle se
cured a lead that Los Angeles could
not quite overcome. It was a hard
fought game. Los Angeles outbatted
Seattle, but the hits were scattered.
Score:
Los Ang-eles — . Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Brnrd.cf 4 110 lDlhty.Sb 4 12 2 0
Flo<jd.2b 4 13 3 3Vn Hn.cf 3 0 0 3 1
J.Sir.h.ab 3 0 13 1 Mohlr.'.'b 3 10 3 1
ICagar, rf 4 O 1 0 O'FriPk. if 4 1 2 0 0
Chaae.lb 4 1 1 10 liBkshp.lb 4 0 2 U O
Tomn, ?s 4 0 1 2 4;C.Snih,rf 3 0 0 2 0
Roks. If 4 0 2 1 llHall. 93 3 1 1 2 5
Fples, c 4 0 2 5 Oi'.Vilson.c 3 114 3
Gray, p 2 1 1 0 2 C.Hall, p 2 0 0 0 3
•Crvth ..1000 0
Totals.29 0 8 27 13
Tctals.34 4 13 24 13[
•Batted for Grav.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 x — 5
Base hits 3 3 1 0 1 0 0 0 x— 4
Los Anpeles 0 1 002000 1 — 4
Base hits 12 0 1 4 1 1 1 2—13
Which Latter Fails to Overcome.
Secures - a Lead Over Los Angeles
SEATTLE BUNCHES. HITS.
Stolen ba«s— Dunlcavy, Kruger, Dexereaux.
Errors — Beck. Raymond (4), Roach, Kruger,
S-tnib, Byrnes. Earned runs — Oakland —
Stolen bases — Ganly, Steelman. Schiailey, Kru
ger- and Francis. Bases on bulls— Oft Roach
I, cfl Graham 3. ;. Struck- out — By Roach 2.
by Graham 4. Two-base hit*— Strcib. Castro.
Ganley and Steelman. Double plays— Raymond
to Hurley. Krugtr to Francks. Beck to Camp
lwil to Hurley. Left on bases — Portland 4,
Oakland 9. Time of game — 1:U5. Umpire —
McCarthy.
Portland 0 1 0 0 0 11 0 0 — 3
Bape hits 0 2 0 1111 0.0 — ,6
Oakland 0 0 2 10 0 0 1 1 — ,5
Base hits 2 0 1 2 1 0 12 2—11
SUMMARY.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 27.— Portland
lost the" game to Oakland to-day by
afl-round poor playing, '¦ Raymond, at
second, alone making four errors. The
sole redeeming feature from a home
standpoint was the playing of Steel
man, whose two singles and a double
scored the three runs made- by the
home team. Attendance, 2500. Score:
. Portland — . Oakland —
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P. A.
rmpbll.2b 3 0 0 3 3.Frncks,». 0 o 2 2.2
Hrley.lb 4 1 0 11 0 Ganly.rf. 4 2 3 2 0
Drnan.cf 4 0 0 1 ODnlvy.If 4 1 2 1 JO
£ieelmn.c 4 1.3-4 0 Sehfly.2b. 5 0 13 .3.
JJeck.Sb. 4 0 0 1 UKrugr.cf 4 0 0 5 1
Cestro.rf 4 0 2 2 1 Streib.lb 5,1 110 0
Knymd.s 3- 0 0 2 4 Devrx..tb 3 0 O 1 2
Xdcau.lf. 110 3 0 Byrnea.c 4 0 13 1
Roacli.p. 3 0 10 3 Orahm.p. 4 110 4
Totala 30 3 0 27 12 Totals G8 5 11 27 13"
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; all ages;
purse :
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5 — McGce. 110 (Henry) 2 2 % 1 nk
5to2 — Matador, S5 (Aubuchon).. 1 111/42 2
7 to 2— Emp. of India. 107(Feicht) 3 4 3 7
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, E. Corripan"s b. c. (4) by White
Knicht-Remorse. New Mown Hay 105 also
ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
thrre-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
C to 5 — Haviland. loS (Henry).... 2 11 13%
Mo 2 — Carat, 104 (Morrison) 3 3 2%2 6
7 to 1— Maud Muller. 04 (Nicol).. 1 2 4 3%
Time, 1:4D. Start good. Won cantering.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's br. g. (7) by Lettoon-
Anvolee. Sarilla 00, Excentral S<5, Rabunta yti,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and ud:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. SU % Fin.
t> to 5 — My Alice, 05 (Nicol) 3 12^12
0 to 1 — Chockayotte, 03 (Aubohn) 4 6 1 27
100 to 1— Armorer. »7 (Sobell) 9 3 h .'! h
Time, 1:28 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, 8. C. Wagner"s ch. f. (3) by Flying
Dutchman-Pilotage. Inventor 108, Bay-wood
103, Bay AVonder 102, Allie Virgie 103, Llda
Lvib 97, Royal Pirate 1UO, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a half miles; 8u
ptrior handicap; three-year-olda and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5— M. Mansir, 100 (Aubchn) 1 16 11
8 to 5— Kirch Broom. 103 (Henry) 2 2 2 .2 7
ft to 2— Judge Himes, 112 (Helgsn) 3 3 13%
Time, 2:30 3-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, ti. C. Hlldreth's b. g. (7)»by Eothil-
Vol-au-Vent. Exclamation 104, Sioux Chief
101, finished as nemed. *
THIRD RACE— Five and a halt furlongs;
two-year-olds; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
2 to 1— Ram's Horn, 118 (Nlchol) 5 3 2 11
13 to 2— M. Byrnes. 97 (Feicht).. 1 2 1 2 h
14 to 5— Monte, 103 (Henry) 3 4 h 3 4
Time, 1 :0S 4-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, W. S. Williams Sc Co.'b b. c. by
Bute-Aunt Tessie. Flaxman 118. Captain Ne
roth 92, Slncoj-ity Belle yo, Broadway Girl l»5,
finished as named. *'
SECOND RACE— Short courBe steeplechase;
Emerald handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. SL «4 Fin.
2 to 1— Charawlnd. 160 (McHugh) 3 12 13
3 to 1— Hand vice, 152 (Peters) 1 4 30 2 2
4 to 1— Nitrate, 147 (McCaullffe). S 2 8 33^
Time. 2:50. Start good. Won in a canter.
E. Corrlgan's b. m. (7) by Charaxus-Helmuand.
Tatar 145, Alma Girl 130, Don Ami 140, Weird
1U2, finished as named.
CHICAGO, Aim. 27.-A h\a Hfiturduy
crowd tmw Vita humtti'npH run off at
Hawthorn© to-day, umi, both wero won
b>; well-pluyod jmbllo 'favorite*. The
first, which wna'ii atcenltft'huNa over tha
short course, went to (Mmruwliul, n 2
to 1 shot, from tho CorrlKtm stable. Al
though Chnrawlml fenced woll »uu1 won
in a canter, there wum UttlQ Htitlvlty be,
hiqd him and the rac« had All th« eur
marks of a llrst-clasa "uhou-ln."
Major Manslr, Sam HHdreth's old
plugger, easily won the Quportor handi
cap, which was the second stake fea
ture. The old horse hud a Blight" call in
the betting over Illrehbroom at post
time, being favorite at 6 to 5. The de
plorable'lack of horses of class this sea
son was exemplified in this race, which
was composed almost entirely of cheap
horses and was won by a common sell
ing plater. Aubuchon lay out of It with
Major Mansir until the stretch was
reached, where he set his mount down.
After a brief struggle with Blrchbroom
he won easily at the end. The purse
waa worth 52240 to the winner. Corri
gan won three purses during tbe after
noon.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-old«
and upward; eellinK:
liettins. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin. ,
8 to 1 — Dragoon, 104 (Larsen).. 8 3 Va 1 Vi'
. IGloO — Comrade, 102 (Davis).. 2 21 2 1
150 to 1— Florlsta, 05 (Harris) 1118%
Time, 1:1-4 2-6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, R. A. Smith's br. g. (3) by Arttllfry
l'rinceea Xprettl. Norel 104. Brand New 103,
Billy Bashaw 102, Seven Oaks 87, Mandy Lea
94. Fair Allen 04, Commander 1C2, Hunterdon
W. Ayr 07, Japan 100, finished as named.
Errors— Gochnauer (2). Miller (2). Sheehan.
Eacan. Stolrn bases— Phr^han, J..yn<?h. Two
ba?e hits — Fhpchan, Lagan. Sacrifice hits —
Andcr>>rn. Van Ruren. First base on errors —
Pan Franrisco 2, Tacoma 3. First base on
ca!!ed >ml\F — OfT Parher-l. off Thomas 3. Left
on ba?«-s — San Francisco 4. Tacoma 4. Struck
out — Fiy Pirber 5. by Thoiras 1. Double play
— Andfrron to Van Huren. Time of sranv? — One
hour and fifty minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Ha*? hits 40000201 0—7
San Francisco 00207000 x— 9
Case hits 11114010 x— 9
Umpire Jack O'Connell had a bunch
of close decisions to hand out in the
seventh. His- rulings made Mique Fish
er hot aB an. imported Mexican tamale.
The tiger-tamer cra^vled through the
wire netting into the grand stand. He
wanted to say what he thought of
O'Connell, but professional etiquette
forbade. Just as he wondered how he
could relieve his wrath James Morley
flitted by arm-in-arm with a big smile
that disguised Henry Harris.
"What have you got to do with it,
Jim Morley, you lemon-faced mum
my?" shouted Fisher.
That outburst helped some. .
Here is the list of killed and wounded:
Tacoma — I San Francisco —
AB. K. H. P.A.I AR R. H. PA.
rvyl-.rf. 4 0 0 0 OA'an B.lb 4 1 1 12 0
Jhehn..1b 4 2 2 2 RGochn.su 4 10 3 1
J.'crdy.lb 4 1 1 13 MW'aldn.cf 4 112 0
Kapan.ss 4 1 2 2 3 Hildrb.lf 3 10 10
I.yneh.cf 4 0 13 (Mrwin.Sb. 4 13 0 1
rasoy.Sb 3 0 13 4And«n.rr 3 10 3 1
Mcl-?n,lf 4 0 0 0 O3Jiller.2b 4 12 1."
Hof?an,c. 4 0 0 1 l.Gortcn.c. 4 0 0 5 1
Vhcmas.p 3 O 0 0 3 Barber, p 3 2 2 0 2
•Overall. 10000
Totals 33 9 0 27 11
Totals o5 4 7 21 ICi I
•Batted for Thomas.
' IIUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacorr.a 3 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 — I
Mr. T. Eugene Eagan won a pair of
shoes in the first. He laced out a two
sacker that hit the painted shoe on the
left field fence. The foot tailors who
stuck it ud offered the prize. They'll
have a hard time making good if Hans
Anderson ever lands. He wears wooden
ones and there is a wagon-load of tim
ber in them.
It was 3 to 2 up- to the fifth, with
Mike Fisher the gleeful kid.' Over in
the little grocery around the corner
Mrs. Murphy was ordering sliced bacon
and a dozen hen oranges for the Sun
day morning breakfast of the Clan
Murphy.
Just us Fritz Dinglefinger, the clerk,
was subdividing the bacon into slices
a loud hurrah came from the ball park.
Fritz was a baseballer once.
"Dot's not Mike Fisher's voice," he
said. "The' Seals are catching up. Ox
coore me, I find out."
"My bacon end eggs first," demand
ed Mrs. Murphy.
Fritz dumped the bacon into a paper
bag, and in his hurry sliced the eggs.
He bolted out of the door and reached
the gate in time to hear that the Seals
had run up seven. /
Though the Tigers hatd headstones
ordered for the Seals in the first inning
at Recreation * Park yesterday/ the
Frieoans, like- P. Malone- Esq., forgot
tfcat they were dead in the fifth. Bar
ber, who received as bad a walloping a&
Munroe at the start, opened the Frisco
end of the fifth with a single. lie
closed the .act with the same stunt."
That was going a little bit— two safe
swats in one inning. It happens about
as often as Christmas! \ -.'1 .
San Francisco 9, Tacoma 4.
The Pugilistic Marvel Has
Practically Retired From
the Queens!»erry IMn£
Pacers and Trotters on the
Coast Circuit Surprise
Talent by Performances
Crack St. Louis Hound Ig
Beaten by the Outsider Sil
ver Cloud at Ingleside Park
Race Over the Sticks Has
the Appearance of a
Shoo-in.
Portland Players in Poor
Form Lose to Men From
Oakland.
Arlena Beats Woodlands in
a Handicap for Two-
Year-Olds.
Barber Steadies Down After
a Spell of Early.
Wildness.
ED CORRIGAN'S CHARAWIND
FIRST IN STEEPLECHASE
HORSES SHOW
MARKED SPEED
STAGE CAREER
FOR JEFFRIES
LORD BRAZEN
FAILS BACKERS
UNCLE'S MEN SCORE EASILY
AGAINST FISHER'S TIGERS
MUNROE IS DISCONSOLATE OVER HIS POOR SHOWING IN THE PRIZE RING
fHE SAN ' FRANCISCO CALL 1 , SUNDAY/- AUGUST 28; \ 1004.
The International Seamen's Union
has 40,000 afllliated members.
Prussia has 2023 associations of
stenographers with 51,291 members.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 27.— The -Prefect
of Police of St. Petersburg has forbidden la
dles to wear naval cloaks, which had become
fashionable since the' Chemulpo fight.
The Australian commonwealth Gov
ernment proposes to class consump
tives among prohibited immigrants.
NEW YORK— Sailfd Aug 27— Stmr Pretorli,
for Hamburg via 'Dover: stmr Lucania, for
Liverpool: stmr Mlnnetonka, for London; stmr
New York for Southampton via Plymouth and
Cherbourg! etmr Vadcrland. for Antwerp via
Dover; stmr Princess Irene, for Naples and
•Genoa: strr.r Astoria, for Gla'Row.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Aug £7 — Stmr Campa
nia for New York. , -
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Zeeland.
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Lasavole. for
New York.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Aug 2C— Stmr He
llOKlav for New York.
NAPLES — Arrived Aus 24— Stmr Sardegna
from New York. ¦.-•¦.
GLASGOW — Arrived Auff 27— Btmr Buenos
Ayrean. from Philadelphia via St Johns, N F
OCEAN STEAMERS
IiATE SniPPIXG . INTELLIGENCE.
36
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Columbus, Ohio, May 19, 1903.
Some four years ago I was suffering
from impure blood and a general run-
dcrwn condition of the system. I had no
appetite, was losing flesh, and had an all-
gone tired feeling that made me misera-
ble. I began tbe use of S . S. S., and
after taking seven or eight bottles my skin
was cleared of all eruptions and took on a
ruddy, healthy glow that assured me that
my blood had been restored to its nor-
mal, healthy condition. My appetite was
restored, as I could eat anything put be-
fore me, and zs I regained my appetite
I increased in weight, and that "tired feel-
ing" which worried me so much disap-
peared, and I was once again my old self.
I heartily recommend S. S. S. as the
beet blood purifier and tonic made, and
strongly advise its use to all those in need
of each medicine. Victor Stcbbins.
Cor. Barthnian and Washington Aves.
Wheeling, W. V., Slay 28, 1903.
My system was run down and my joints
ached and pained me considerabty. I had
UEed S. S. S. before and knew what it
\i-as, co I purchased a bottle of it and have
t^ken several bottles and the aches and
pains are gone, my blood has been cleas-
ed a::d my general health built up. lean
testify to it as a blood puriGcr and tonic
1533 Market St. Jomj C Stei:.\
AjiS &f^£ I@jH syaptoms of dis-
««S &i * $3 » ordered blood
wk. tSk. VVT it- e P s a=( l 9 ur
L>ikjiLJ blood and skin
qlgpr EJSgp/ l^ggjr diseases sent free.
Tbe Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L| SS. O. C. J0SX*E3T, •
M Tbe Leading Spfpl&lUt. J ,
I j I I wait for my fee f
rJ j^ until you are well
[weakness
p My auccen in cnrlnr thoso &»-
H rangerr.ents commonly termed
B "weakness" has done mor» to ex-
EJ tend my reputation aa a specialist II
M In men's diseases than any other f I
Bj thing. I was first to discover th-s I*
m fact that "wecknesa" is merely a ii
Kl symptom resulting; from a chronic- (J
Q ally Inflamed prostate gland, and l\
D that to remove this Inflammation 11
H Is the only method of permanently 1 5
H restoring lost -vigor. To this day t\
ES my system of local treatment Is th4 H
kd only successful one In use. In years D
Q I have not failed to effect a com- p
fit plcte cure. TMs Is a statement K
B which cannot truthfully apply to f,
fi any other treatment being 1 employed H
¦ in these cases. Of course, there is fei
fl an occasional case that has passed I j
54 into the Incurable stage, and these lj
lido not treat at all. My long ex- F|
M p«rience enables m« to recognls* fl
B them and to select only rucn case* M
R as J can cure permanently. | i *
§ Z also core to itay cnredT I]
G Varicocele. Hydrocele. Con* t*
¦ tr acted. Disorders, Specific r«i
C Blood Poison and Bcflex *j
I "Lire All Yonr Years a Man." I
I My ramp* 11 **. "Live All Your H
ii Tears a Man." will be mailed fre* »g
Ii uptn request. Consultation is free, fl
W either In person or by mail. £J
1 DR.O.C. JOSLEN, |
W Cor. Market and Kearny Sts. Jj
H Privat* Entrance. 708 Market St. JflIn the United Statea the sparrow has
six broods a year; in Britain seldom
more' than three.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 27. 190i.
The Time Ball on .the tower of th» Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. c at noon m the 120th .meridian, or at
S p.'xa. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. In charge.
The taearaer Ean Jose sailed yesterday for
the Uthrous cf Panama and way ports with
c general merchandise carco valued at $05.
t!7. to be distributed as follows: For Mexico,
' r.C2; Central America, $ 18,243; Panama,
HS31; Colombia. $443; New York. $33,826;
Ecuador. $252; Peru. $130; Trinidad laland,
(•-.'; Jamaica, $e2S; Baxbaooea Island, $72.
rhe Jeadirjr eroorts were as follows:
To Mexico — 797 cals 4 cs wine, 22 cs canned
tooda, 15 pkfF groceries and prorlsioes, 78
•kc* Creci fruits, 14 pkgs potatoes'. 6 ea m!n-
Exports by the San Jose.
The jury in two cases of the United
States Consolidated' Seeded Raisin
Company tried in the « United States
Circuit Court returned a verdict last
evening for the plaintiff in both cases
and "awarded $15,4 49 95 in one case
and $9204 20 in the other as damages
for "violation of contract for the use
of a raisin -seeding machine.
Damngcs for Plaintiff.
SUNDAY. AUGUST 28.
Sun rises c : 3g
Sun sets
Moon rises 1 : ss a . m .
<3 ITimel ITlmel ITime Time
£ I 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
<» |H W| |L W| |H W L W
28 0:241 4.5 6:32 1.0! 1:17 4.9 6:521 2.0
29 1:00 4.3 7:02 1.4 1:42 4.9 7-;:6' 18
SO 1:43 4.2 7:35 1.7 2:10 4.S 8:20 1*3
31 2:3J 4.0 S:12 2.1 2:40 • 4.S 0:11 1*4
1 1 3:34 3.8 S:S7| 2.4 3:20 4.9|10:13 1.1
NOTE— In the above Exposition of the tides
the early mornlnff tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time' th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are -i>ut three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey ChartB. except when a minus ( )
elfirn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is th« mean
of the lower low waters.
Captain William W. Harts of the
United States Engineer Corps, who
was recently fined $1971 12 by United
States District Judge de Haven and
United States Customs Collector Strat
ton for having failed to make required
declaration on certain dutiable articles
in his baggage, filed a petition yester
day in the United States District Court
for a remission of the fine and the
restoration to him of the forfeited
goods. September 17 at 11 a. m. was
fixed as the time for the hearing.
Captain Harts* Petition.
Maggie Kelly, proprietor of the sa
loon on Pacific street known as '"The
Cowboys* Rest," secured a warrant
yesterday afternoon for the arrest of
William Murphy on a charge of mis
demeanor embezzlement. She aljeges
that she employed Murphy as bar-
Under yesterday moaning and left $40
in the cash register for change. At
noon Murphy went to his lunch, tell
ing a hanger-on to look after the bar.
Murphy did not return and she found
the cash register empty.
Seeks Arrest of Bartender.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minute* later than at Fort Foint; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SAILED.
Saturday, August 27.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell. Honolulu.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma. . *.."¦-...:
Stmr San Jose. Brown. Ancon via. Masatlan.
Stmr Bonita. Preble. San Pedro.
Stmr Enterprlee, YounKersn. Hilo.
Stmr Coqullle River. Adler, Crescent City.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Point Arena and
Albion
Stmr Jas S in«ln«. Hlgglns. Fort Bracr.
Btmr Cella. Johnson. ;
Schr Ida McKay. Letola. Eurska.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Bod.eg»»
Saturday. August 27.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jt-psen. Victoria, etc;
Pac Coast S S Co.
Stmr Pan Jose, Brown. Ancon (canal zone),
via Mexico and Central American ports; Pac
Mail S S Co.
St-nr Alameda Dowdell. Honolulu; •- J . D
Epreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Enterprise, Toungsren. H!Io; J D
fiprecke'.s & Brc« Co.
CLEARED
ARRIVED.
Saturday. August 27.
Etmr F A KUburn. Thompson, 7 hours from
P °Stm^°1'uTtcn. Panur, 49 hours from San
fUtmr Leelanaw. Monro-. 70 hours from As
tO Stmr Corona. Gielow. 20 hours from Eureka.
t^tmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Gl% hours
from Portland, via Astoria 47>,i haurs.
Stmr Aigo. Dunham. *J6 hours from Eel
etmr Cella. *Cordberr, 22 hours from Albion.
Up river direct.
Stmr Noyo Johnson 40 hours fm San Pedro.
Br Rhip Peleus, Shaplsnd. 139 days from
*Schr " P BeMle K, Btark, 15 hours from Ban
Vicente Landing. ,
Sehr Expansion, Nelson, 13 days im Kvlchak
Schr GlemSsJe. Grunvald. 13 days from Kla
nir'n.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
I rale '.Si lbs raisins, 10 cs 17 pkea sal
j- on 'ssna cUt bailey. ICS.SSa lbs bran, 17,a!>S
lbs 'mi35li3K«. d ctia c;rn. 312 ctl» •wheat.
3! fC7 iba beam-. "«00 bale? hay. 8500 !b»
rice 77<*» lbs cait. lbs t*a, 37 pkgs table
•,rci>*)-atiorJ=. H*2 11" butter, 34M) lbs cugar.
:•— 0 It* ccCtee, ""'<<> ifos 2 cs codflsh, l.S»7a,<»:0
lbs teftnixer. 1<> pk«-» ;*-jith<>r, «3 pke« dry
to<j<l*, t»i c» b--*ot--! iinci shoes, bl bxs soap,
tr, pkza dnes and sundries, 3 baits duck.
UX pk^a t-fi»«T, 37 bdls 50 pc* Jron, oiS pkes
;aintf End oils, bdls SI i>cs ste«l, 3«9
t ..- 15 tone coai, .'1S.000 lbs 135 bbls cement,'
::l&3 lb« 4 c» maaufaclured tobacco, 898 pc«
jiip*. 32 p)tci! nalle, 47 colls roi>e. 1100 cs
• cal "!l. 10.O16 ft lumber C50 pes s*wer
tir>e. 2320 «».:¦ diEtllUte, 400 bbls lime.
T& tftrnfr EcterprU* 8*1164 yesterday for
Hila TvitJi tin anorted cargo vaJned at fii.OM,
ir>1 inriu-Jlnc lfc« foJ'.o'Wlnr: .
"::;.". trt>ls flcur. 344 ntjrs potatoes, €1 pkv-»
< ntOBS\, *"!TZ pk£s frc-fch frJit». 700C gall wine,
;.:. t « v.h'.slcj'. 517 sals liQUors. e7 ptes bser.
;r.;s Its dressed oouiiry, 1325 lbs fn-sh meat,
IC90 tba c-aJt. 1-U5 !b« 6 cb candy, 6245 lbs
• * ..2 U-<?i>d, SW lb» 28 c» meals. 30 pk£s gro
< eriffc anJ provision*. 72J» c« asserted canned
Kooam, 13 pkgw tret-h voretablee. r<« lbs dried
--u!t, 14S3 loe' 1 cs ham and becon, iA pk^s
Crude Oil for Honolulu
t steamer Arryll sailed yesterday for
ulu .with 2S.&CK) barrel* of crude o!l In
•fcaJued uX $S3.700.
\ Carco for Hilo.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27. — The football
team of the Oakland High School will
play its first game for the season
against the Alameda High School Sat
urday, September 3, probably, in Ala
meda. Although it is still early in
the season, more than twenty men
have begun practice and it is expected
that Oakland High will make a strong
bid for the championship this year.
Will Play First Game of Season.
:• chartered for lumber from Puz«t Sound
to Taku and Ehar-Ehal at 8«s 3d (If to on*
port 33« »d). Genr-an ship •Waadsbtk, earn*
business, from Pucet Sound to Cork, U. K.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Tb« ICorwerian "learner Tellua. 1C12 tons.
NEWS OF THE OCEAJf.
A temporary postofflce station at
204 Post street will be provided for
the use of Knights Templar and other
visitors to the conclave from Septem -
ber 1 to September 10. Stamps will
be sold and letters registered. Any
thing in an address' that indicates that
the addressee is a Knight Templar or
a visitor will insure' the delivery of the
letter to the new station.
Clerks Louis Debow and Searaon
Freed will be placed In charge. There
will be 'also a clerk and a carrier to
take mail from the ferry to the office.
All mail addressed to the headquarters
of the conclave will be taken directly
to headquarters, but letters addressed
generally to Knights Templar will be
taken to the temporary station.
The following named postal clerks
have been promoted, with an increase
of $100 per annum salary: Arthur
Attrldge, James P. Glover, Harry
Aikins and Arthur Cornelius. Ernest
Fancompre was promoted from a sub
clerkship to the position of mailing
clerk.
Visitors and Members Will Be Ac
commodated AVitli Special Ser
vice During Conclave.
XEW POST-OFFICE FOR
TIIE KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
The Pacific Mall Company's steam
c fWp San Jcse eailed yesterday for Pan
ama and way ports. She carried about
a ecore of passengers and 2200 tons of
freight. The cargo Included 600 tons of
flour and 1C00 barrels of wine.
San Jose Takes I>epartnre.
The British ship Englehorn, which
was quoted for reinsurance at 10 per
cent, arrived yesterday at Victoria, B.
C, seventy-nine days from Fusan. The
remaining overdues are quoted for rein
surance as follows: Pionier, M per cent;
Hampton, 6 per cent, and Michelet, 10
pep cent.
<Jverdue Euglchorn Arrives.
fral water. ftCO lbs sago. 57 pkgs paste, 40<J
lbs broad. 101 bdis Bbodu, 1000 lbs borax.
T,5 rk^B nail*. 27 [den rubber goods , il
Dkcs drugs. ft lumber. <U31 pkgs a bbls
rf-'n 12 t-irel ktamf, ¦*'• rkgs arms and am
munition '¦'! Pkgo machinery. OO pes 2 UUa
Ircn 17 uUeb paints. 7 rs tar. 6 colls rope.
'<4"5 lb 1 ; scxia. o carboyd acid. 12 bx» tin.
M) sk? coke. :;754 lbs grease. 10 baKs oakum,
-J.bls flour. XSS
caN »7 <s wine. 1«J'» sals 19 ea whisky. 'Jt»
c* liquors 22 r,Vs* \xer. W.C4M Us rice. U
pkc« P2-«te. t;70 pkn potatoes, --lO.Ofw lbs salt.
10 000 lbs malt. H.7 lbs hops. 5 ct;» oats 12
cs salmon. »O7 '.bs saco, :^S1 lbs tea 20..'!
lbs B ca ppicesi. Ill cs assorted goods. !i'>
nkrs rrr*-*rle» end nrovlefons. 134. S00 lbs ce
m'tit. trXl* lbs tallow - " balefi le^^ r> ,v 4
bbls 10 cs tar. 4508 lbs r.ltraie. SCisl lbs
rreafe. 28 c* paints. 22 pkgs dry goods J5
cs oils 500 bricks. 5 ton* fire clay. 2 pkss
rrachi-.'ry ICO bdl« barrel material.
To pirima — -100 lbs flour. &0 crta onions.
100 crt« rarlic. 200 crts pota.toe«. 20 cs canned
eoods 4070 lbs sue«t. 13 pV.gs buildins mi
tertal' 5 cs paint*. 2 cs drugs. 2H cs nalmon.
To Colombift-SW ta!« vine, 2 pkfi fresh
re To ta Nw York— 81.B89 cal» r.-lne. 64 gals
brardv 4094 rain wrm ell. 15,700 lb» dry
hides. 25 bbl» shelle. 5 cs boiler compound.
£5 cka herbs.
To Ecuador — 82 bbls flour.
To Trinidad l.land— 150 c» canned »sJmon.
To Jamaica.— 110 cm canned Balmon. 46 cs
a Jort»d canned Etjcfis. 3 pkgs dried fruit.
To Barbadoes' I»tand— IS cs canned fruit.
to arrive. -v
Steamer. , From. Due -
Tellus Oyster Harbor Aug. US
Newburg Grays Harbor ........ Aug. -S
Coos Hay San Pedro & Way Ptt.lAug. 2S
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor .... ;Au?. ~S
Arctic Huniboldt Aug. -S j
Curacao Mexican Ports !Aug. £5
Sierra Sydney & Way Torts. Auk. .9
Umatllla PukK Sound l'orts Aug. iO
Coptic China & Japan Auk. JJ
State of Cal.. San Uioieo &. Way Pts.iAuu. -J
Eureka Humboldt 'Aug. -••
Centralia San Tcdro Aug. -•>
K Monica Grays Harbor Aug. oj
Elizabeth .... Coquille River Auk. 3^t
Heouoia Willapa Harbor Auk. JO
p omo Point Anna & Albion. Aug. 30
Pomona Ifcimboldt Aug. 30
H Dollar Fan Pedro Aug. 3D
Homer <'oos Bay & Pt. OrfonljAug. 31
Acnpulco New York via Ancun. .lAug. 81
jeanle Seattle & Tacoma ....!.\u«. .'51
Breakwater.. Coo« Hay JAuij. 31
Alliance Portland & V\ ay Ports.lAup. 31
Point \rena.. Mendoolno & Pt. ArenaiSert- 1
Santa Rc*a... Snn Diego & Way I'ts.|S.pt. 1
North Fork. .. HumbolUt , iScpt. 1
Columbia I'ortlarxl & Astoria 'Sept. 1
BoriUa •• Newport & Way Portt.lBept. 1
Argo Ket River ports |S?Pt. 1
Corona Humboldt 'Stpt. 2
Queen Hue^t Sound Ports. ... iSep:. :i
O W Elder.. Portland & Astoria ISept. 5
Mariposa | Tahiti » Sept. 0
Barracouta. . . New York via Ancon. .ISept. 7
Centennial.... 1 Seattle & Tacoma ISept. 7
Aurelia I Portland & Astoria... ,\ Sept. 7
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails.! Pier.
AUffUSt 28.
San Pedro.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Centennial. Seattle £ Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Rainier Seattle & Bellnshm 4 pm Pier 10
Aurelia.... Astoria & Portland 6 pmlPler 27
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier »
S Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier It
Argo. ...... Eel River Port«... 4 pm Pier 2
Chlco Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia.. . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
AuruBt 29. |
G W Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am|PIer 24
Corona Humboldt l:30piPler 0
Bee Portland direct y2 m|Pier 2
Auffuat 30. I
S Monica.. I-o* Angeles Ports. 10 amiPler 2
Manchuria. China & Japan.... 1 pmiFier 40
G Dollar...' Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier 2w
I August 31. I
Eureka Humboldt... 0 ami Pier 13
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 amjPIer 11
Arctic Humboldt 9 am|Pier 2
September 1. |
Pomona.... Humtoldt* lrSOpiPler »
P Omo l>t Arena & Albion 6 pmlPler 2
State of Cal Pan Diego & Way. 0 am! Pier It
G I.indauer Grays Harbor : !Pier —
Leelanaw.. Seattle direot .... 'J pmlPler 2'>
Mltance.... Eureka & Coos B Pier 1(1
Newburjf... Orays Harbor 4 pin Pier 10
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
September 2. {
Breakwater Coos Bay direct 5 pmjPier 8
Sequoia ... Wtllapa Harbor.... 4 pmlPler 20
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports 11 amiPler 9
September 3. |
CityPanam N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Pt Arena.. Point Arena | 4 pm Pier 2
- September 4. I
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 24
Bonita Newport &-Way...l » amlPier 11
jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pm| Pier 20
September 7. I |
Curaeao.... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier It
Queen...... Pucet Sound Portslll am Pier 9
September 8. '
Sierra. Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Bt—jntr. Destination. Sails.
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 29
Senator Nome Aug. 30
Dirlgo .... Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 30
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. :tl
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 31
City Seattle.. Skagway & "Way Ports. Sept. 1
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward Sept. 1
Excelsior Seldovia & Way Ports. Sept. 1
Victoria. Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept. 3
Ignorance of the law Is not a case
where Ignorance Is" bliss.
Notwithstanding a strong wind
blew over the bowling green at Gold
en Gate Park yesterday, two tourna
ment games in singles were played by
members of the San Francisco Scot
tish Bowling Ciub.
Thomas McNaught proved tne win
ner iiv an interesting game with Rob
ert Park. Although the former won
by a score of 21 to 12 the match was
much closer thtin the score would in
dicate. Park, though not playing a
poor game, failed to get going, while
McNaught played in fine form.
In the other tourney match J. C.
Moffat easily won from J \V. Elder
by a score of 21 to 7.
• In practice the singles games be
tween Tickner and Medau and Patter
son and Gray proved interesting.
The scores of yesterday's practice
games follow:
Dr. Gunn and Y. C. Lawson defeat
ed T. Millar and John McLachlan. 21
to 18; W. Watson and S. Irving beat
J. Elder and J. M. Earsman, 21 to 16;
H. L. Tickner beat E. C. Medau, 21 to
17; J. Elder and A. H. MacDonald
lost to S. Irving and W. Watson, 21
to 8; .George Patterson defeated Jo
seph Gray, 21 to 18, and E. C. Medau
and H. B. Tickner defeated H. I*
Tickner and A. B. Maguire, 21 to 20.
Thomas McNaught Defeats Robert
Park, While J. C. Moffnt Wins
Fihhii J. W. Eldcr^
The little gasoline schooner Expan
5 eion arrived yesterday from Kirchak
River, .where she has been used as a
tPnd«r between the salmon canneries.
f^he brings word cf the railing for this
port of of the salmon {ieet. The
Palmyra left Nushasak August 10, and
the. following vessels had left Bristol
Hay August 13: Skagit, Standard.
e KcJipse, Fresno and Prosper.
Salmon Fleet Coming Home.
S. G. Bennett of the United States
Geological Survey was present at tha
heaxinsr. but did not testify. Ha has
been asked by the commission to gi"i>
views on stream gauging and on water
sheds and reservoirs, which ha will do
at a subsequent meeting. The hearing
will continue next Monday at 10
o'clock.
Th? commission of engineers con
tinued Its hearing of plans to <5o away
with the flood waters In the Sacra
mento River Valley yesterday morn
ing.
J. W. Ferris, a civil engineer of San
Francisco, who is the manager of a
large area of swamp land in the val
ley, had numerous suggestions to of
fer to the commission, He dealt with
the problem of reclaiming lands from
the rivers* overflow by means of
passes and canals to carry away the
surplus water. He also spoke of
deepening and widening the channels
of the several rivers by automatic anil
clamshell dredges.
During this inquiry It developed
that dredging contractors charged the
Government nearly doublt the prlc«
they do private parties by reason of
the fact that the Government's re
quirements were so strict.
Fore Part of Yesterday Is Devoted to
Listening to Evidence on Chan
nel Dredging.
Another important change is in the
manner of electing officers. Hereafter
the president and other active officers
of .the club will be elected by a direct
vote of the members.
OAKLAND, Aus- 27. — Walter B.
Fawcett and P. J. Cadogran, the com
mittee on by-laws of the Reliance
Athletic Club, have prepared a new
set of by-laws for the organization, in
which a number of changes are sug
gested. These changes include the
keeping of all SDorts connected with
the club strictly amateur and a change
in the classification of the members.
Members of the club are now divided
into seven classes, active, life, honor
ary, non-resident, athletic, junior and
juvenile.
Orgnnization Will Hereafter Devote
Itsolf to Promotion of Strictly
Amateur Snorts.
ENGINEERS STILI, HOLD
RIVER FLOOD HEARING
sco'rrisii rowlers compete
IN TOURNAMENT MATCHES
IMPORTANT CHANGES MADE
IN RELIANCE CLUB RULES
Movements or Steamers.
Unsettled weather Is raiwrted in L'tah, Ne
vada and Northern Arizona. At Winnemucoi
a rainfall of .40 of an Inch Is reported. Thun
<Uretorm* have occurred at Wlimemucca.
]tel:»r City, Pocatello, Salt Lake, Helena and
Conditions are favorable for thunderstorms
Sunday in the mountains of Northern Cali
lorr.la," Oregon. "Washlnpton and Idaho.
TTie temperature has fallen 10 decrees in
No-thern Nevada, and Southern Idaho.
Forecast made at Kan Fnactaco for thirty
hours ending midnipht. August 2S:
Northern California— Cloudy Sunday, with
thunderstorms in the mountains and probably
f.hoTfrs in the foothills;^ cooler; light south
erly wind*.
touth^rn California— Cloudy Sunday, with
thund<"t : torms in th? mountains and probably
Bbowera in the foothilis: llsht •otttbwest wind.
Nevada — ThunderstKrrr.s Sunday, continued
San Francisco and vicinity— C.oudy Sunday;
lisht southwest windF, r^anglng to bri?k west-
r i"voa Anjfrl^— Cloudy, unsettled -weather Sun
dav; fresh poutbwest winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
SAN FRANCISCO 60-52
THE COAST RECORD.
" a a 2 r £ 5
"I ili'l 5| If I
STATIONS. J j|^5=3 o" E
I c c ; • 5
Baker . 2!».9O 66 6«> NW Cloudy .00
Ca-scn .... ..20.S4 82 f>4 W Clear .<*>
Kur-ka »"¦<* 58 5- N Cloudy .(>0
Fresnj l".).Nt 1<>2 <iH NW Oear .<•!>
BE FaraMon.-^t.flS 56 53 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff -M.:k> 74 4t> K Clear ,03
1'oiMte'lo 80 00 E Pt.Cldy .li
inUer^nder.ce <•*
L.<is Angoles. .2Jt.<-4 Ol» <« BW Clear -I"*
Mt. TamaIpals2:>.'J7 74 R3 W Clear .00
North Head... 2.1. 30 68 •".-» NW .Cloudy .(^»
fi Reyea Lt.23.04 54 50 NW <*lear .00
Portland 29.86 72 •«<» NW noudy Tr.
Red Bluff 2I».7X 06 'M SE C'.oar .00
Itostrburg ....2H.72 7S 54 NW Pt.Cldy .W
Sacramento .2ft.M 84 .'.<» S Clear .00
<ali l-ake 29.92 BO '32 X Clear .02
Paji FraneiBCO.-JM.3S 68 62 W flear .<»>
S L Obispo..29.90 84 .. W ricudy .<H>
Diego 23.84 82 68 W Clear .CO
t-eattl? 29.04 64 £i6 W Ft.CIdy .<M>
Spckau- 2:i.S4 '.'2 M N CIoiMy .<n>
Tatoosb 29.06 <» 52 W Clear .00
Vt'ul'.a Wai. a. .U0.te2 00 «>> S Cloudy Tr.
V/'.rnpmucca .29. SO S4 04 KE Cloudy .78
Yurr-.a "S
The line weather and the presence in
port of the flagship Nev.- York and oth
er vessels of the Pacific squadron will
attract many to-day to the water front.
Launches to the war vessels will be run
from Clay, Mission and Folsom streets,
and for those wanting a more extended
Sunday- outing the fast steamer H. J.
Corcoran leaves her slip at the foot of
ijClay. street at 0:30 a. m. for Antioch
?nd. return, calling: at the Mare Island
"Navy Yard and getting back to the city
t-hortiy.after 7 p. m.
Visitors to the Warships.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alamtda, Captain Dowdell. sailed
yesterday for Honolulu. Her cabins
were crowded with passengers, among
whom were many school teachers re
turning to their work in the islands
after a vacation spent on the mainland.
.Ylameda Sails for Honolulu.
Making a Lxmjr Passage.
The American ship Shenandoah,
handsomest of Yankee clippers, is mak
ing a long passage from -Baltimore to
i his port. She is now out 146 days, and
as her cargo ;s coal people interested in
the vessel are beginning to be a little
anxious to hear from her. The Shenan
doah has had more than one thrilling
experience with a coal cargo, but the
Yankee nerve and ingenuity of those
aboard her have always served to bring
the ship through, charred but safe.
i]20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO., Aug. .'7 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem-
I-eraturts are reported for the previous day:
Ilcsfn 7f»-."2iNe\v Orleans 84-74
Cincinnati 74-50 Philadelphia 76-ut?
Jacks-vnville fS-74 Washington 74-54
St. Lcuis 74-58 New York 76-50
WKATHEK REPOKT.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOHOS— Aug 21. 10 p tn— Weather I
foggy; v Ind NW; velocity 12 miles r*T hour. j
SPOKEN. '
Per stnir Lerlanaw — Aug 2i>. 7:->0 a m. off J
Point Gorda. stmr Francis H Lesgett. from
Columbia River for San Francisco, with raft i
in tow; all well.
Aujr 7— Lat 10 N. long 24 W, Br ship Tra
vanccre, lunce April 4 for Queeninown.
Aug 20— Lat 3G N long 17 W. Rr ship
Chiltonfwd. from Hull for San Francisco. i
Aug 22— Lat 49 N. long 5 W. Br ship Co
lonial Empire, from Antwerp for San Fran
cisco.
Aug 7 — Lat 17 P. Ions? 37 W. Br Lynton,
from Genoa for San Francisco. :
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BRISTOL BAY- Sailed Aug *— 8ktn Skagit.
Aug !• — Ship Standard. Aug 12 — *ihip Ecllp«e.
Aug 1.'!— Bark Kr?sno; sehr Prosper, for San
Francisco.
KAflLL'K— Arrived Aug 2 — Bark Servla, fm
Port Townsenri.
XCPHAGAK — Sailed Aug 10 — Bark Palmyra,
for San Francisco
PORT TOW XSEND— Sailed A'Jg 27— Bark
Challenger, for Sydney.
BAN DON— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Aug 24.
REDUXDO — Sailed Aug 27 — Stmr Asuncion,
for Pan Pfilro.
Arrived Augr -7 — Ptmr G<"> Loomi?, hence
Aug* 25. ami .«cilrd for rian Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr
Coo? Hay, for San Francisco
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Columbia,
hence Auk 23.
Sailed Aug 27 — U S stmr Wyoming, for San
Francisco.
Sailed Aug 27 — Bktn Lahaina. for Shanghai;
schr Hobert R Hind, for San Pedro.
Arriwd Aug 27 — Schr Crescent, from Manila.
TATOC3I1— Passed out Aug 21— Stmr Jeanle,
from Seattle for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Oregonlan,
for San Francisco.
El.'HEKA— Arrived Aug 27 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 20
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 27 — Schr
Fanr.y Dutard. from Ventura.
Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PIEGO— Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Iaqua.
from San Pedro; schr Bertha Dolbeer, from
Eureka.
FORT BRAGG— Failed Aug 27 — Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 27 — Stmr- Rival, hence Aug 26.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr
MaiMifield. for San Pedro
EVERETT— Sailel Aug 27— Stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Pedro.
SAX PEDP.O— Arrived Aug 27— Schr Mabel
Gale, from Portland.
Sailed Auc 27— Kchr Transit, for Port Had
lock; schr Fearless. for Bellingham: »chr
Ludlow. for Port Townsend; etmrs Asuncion
and Centralia. for San Franul3co.
. EASTERN FORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Aug 26— Ft baric
Jan« Gulllon. for Saigon.
ISLAND PORTS.
MAKAWELi— Sailed Aug 26 — Bark W B
Flint, for San Francisco.
HILO — Arrived Aug 25— "Bark St Kathenne,
hence A lit; 5.
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 27— Br stmr Mio
wera. for Sydney.
FOREIGN POUTS.
CORONEL— Arrived Aug 2»5— Stmr Ameri
can, from Hilo; to sail Aus 2S for Delaware
Breakwater.
Arrived Aug 9— Ger stmr Serbia, from Ham
burg for Ean Francisco.
SUEZ— Arrived Auk 27— Br stmr Trebia, fm
Kourabaya for Delaware Breakwater
WEST HA RTLEPOOL— Sailed Aug 25— Br
stmr Iflf-worth, for — — .
VICTORIA. B O— Arrived Aug 20 — Br ship
Eng^lhorn. from Fu«an.
Sailed Aug 26 — Stmr Umatllla. for-San Fran
cisco.
HARRY— Arrived Aur 2o— Ger ship Wll
kummpn from Tacoma
CHKMILPO— Arrived Aug 11— Br stmr Sa
gima. fiom New York.
ANTWERP — Arrived Aug 24 — Fr bark Mare
chal dp Turenne, from Oregon.
MAZATLAN — Arrived July 22 — Ger stmr
Luxor, from San Francisco for Hamburg. -
Sailed Aug 25— Ger stmr Memphis, for San
Franclsce.
SINGAPORE— Arrived prior to Auj 26— Br
stmr Vulcan, from New York.
GOODE ISLAND — Passed Aug 9 — Br ehlp
Falls of Halladale, hence June 10 for Fre
mantle.
• NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Aug 11— Oer
bark Stelnbek. for San Francisco
YOKOHAMA— Bailed Auj 27— Stmr Korea,
for San Francisco.
CORINTO— Balled Aug 28— Oer stmr Totmes
for Hamburg. '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUBENSTOWN — Arrived Aug 2T— Stmr
Etruria. fiom New York; itmr Cedrlc. from
New York. a
NEW YORK— Arrived Aut; 27— Stmr* Celtic
and Urnbrla. from Liverpool; Btmr St Paul fm
Southampton.
AMERICAN CUPPER SHIP .SHEXAXDOAH, WHICH 15 MAKING SUCH A
LONG TRIP FROM RAL.TIMORK TO THIS PORT THAT THOSE INTERESTED
IN THE VESSEL ARE GROWING ANXIOTS TO HEAR FROM HER.
Britisher Arrives
Safely From
Antwerp.
The Peleus had a very stormy pass
age around the Horn, shipping seas
vhich did -considerable damage about
vhe decks. Terrific squalls, accompa
nied by hall, snow and sleet, made life
on the Peleus miserable for many days.
The gales on June 20 began to sweep
from the southeast. Their force sent
the Peleus, under reduced sail, bound
ing on her way, but so high did the seas
run that for days the main deck was
full of water to the topgallant rail.
During the worst of the weather a
spar broke from Its lashings and
the crew, up to the neck in water, had
a hard struggle to secure the huge tim
ber, which at times threatened to ram
holes in the bulwarks. During the fight
with the loose spar the lives of the sail
ors were in constant peril, both of in
jury from the spar and of bemg carried
< verlioard by the seas which constantly
swept .the Peleus' deck.
After rounding Cape Horn the Peleus
made a good run in the Pacific, and
'¦"•hen she arrived here yesterday there
•uas little slgrn of damage about her or
derly, e'.ean-scrubbed decks.
The British chip Peleus, which ar
j :ved yesterday, 129 day« from Antwerp,
made the long voyage In fairly srood
time in spite of the fact that frequent
storms beset her path. Death claimed
one of the crew and the seas wrought
ronsiierable damage about the decks,
but the Peleus came into port In good
condition and with her cargo intact.
She left Antwerp April 10. Three days
out cf port Lars Johansen, the ship'"
< arpenter, was taken ill. Captain Shap
land exhausted the resources of his
medicine chest, but "Chips' " aliment
¦was too complicated for th« crude doc
loring of the mariner phy6idan, and
fnu r days later Johansen died and was
buried at eea. He was a native of Nor
"•vay, aged 5S years. *
IN SPITE OF MANY ROARING GALES
SHIP PELEUS MAKES SMART PASSAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904.
37
_J_ - ADVERTISEMENTS.
Do you want to be p'*%, Everybody Admires
I WILL PAY F'ORF'EDn""
For a case of Nervous Debility, Varicocele, Rheumatism. Lame Bacjc, Lumbago, Sciatica, any case of Kidney Disease (tfcpKSfes not gone as far
as Bright'sJUiseasc.), Indigestion, Contipation, or any weakness which 1 cannot cure with my new improved Electric Belt, wit^jj^ric suspensory for
men (no charge > the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced. yttae<
Give me a man broken down from dissipation, l.ard work or worr}-, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. L«t hc^Vollow my advice for
three, months and I will make him as vigorous in every respect as any man of his age.
I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was Yiever intended by nature to be strong and vigorons. Even that man I can make
better ihun he is: but the man who has been strong and has lost his strength I can make as good as he ever was.
1 can "ive back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. I can stop all drains upon the vitality in ten days.
A man \v"ho is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed, who is easily discour-
aged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the
Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt supplies.
The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When you lose that by draining^he system in any xnarmer
my Belt will replace it and will cure you.
Mr. Harry U. Jackson, Valleton. Cal., writes: "Although you are a stranger to me, my heart warms toward you as a great benefactor and friend, and I am more than
grateful to you. Already I teel the vigor of new life In my body; no aches and no pains. I wish you every success In your work."
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a suttercr. They are a beacon light to a man who has become discouraged from use-
less doctoring. 1 get such letters every day.
My belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them.^and stirs up a great force of energy in a man.
I make the best electrical bodv appliance in the world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after every-
thing else has failed are" my best argument-. •
Mr Roy Burks, McKlttrick. Cal., writes: "From the first night I wore the bolt I felt new life In every part of my body. The weakness was checked Immediately, tod I an now
ablo to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I thought of the belt, for In no other way could the money bring me somuch pleasure." |j x
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest and side. Sciatica
in hi#hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and by"*elt will pour the oil of life into his achins: body and drive out every sij?n of pain. No
pain can exist where by Belt is worn.
Mr. J. L. Balrd of Orland, Cal., writes: "My back Is entirely well, and I would not take J100 for my belt if I could not set another. It is th» best thin* on earth
for a lame back." ..... .. , , , , / ,
And these'"old" men. these men who have burned the candle at both ends — or even if they haven t — these men who have for one reason or
another feel that life has lost its spice, that they are getting old too fast, I can make them feel the sparkle and fire of youth again.
I'll never f<yget when Mr. A. Crawford of Pokegama, Oregon, an old man of seventy, wrote to me and said: "When I wrote to vou last I
told you to send me a Belt to make an old n\an young, and you did. I am seventy years old, and since I have worn the Belt I feel as strone as
I did at thirty- five, and can do as good a day's work as I could at that age." It was two years ago that Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Here is
one I just got 'rorn him: , .
"In reply to your letter I am glad to say that I am Just as much in favor of your Belt as I ever was, for It has been a remarkable help to me. I am seventy-two years old. but
I do not look any more than fifty. Am enjoying perfect health, and will continue to recommend the Belt, as I have been doing right along, as I realize that but for It I should have
been dead and buried by this time." .
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin s Electric
Ndfc\ what docs this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask anv better proof to make you try it? Is
there a remedv which is" as simple, as easy to use. as sure to cure ar.d as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must
try it. In justice to yourself, and to those "who look to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute Such a matter ought not be delayed.
It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no
sting, no burning, 'as in old-stvle belts. , .
Come and sec me if vou can. I, have a private consulting, room m which I will explain my method of treatment, and, perhaps, Rive you the
names of some of vour friends whom I have cured.
Send for my beautiful book full of things a man likes to read if he wants to be a strrv~ man. I send it scaled, free. Cut out and send this ad.
DR. M. C. McLAUGHLiN, 906 Market St., Above Ellis, San Francisco
Offlco Hours: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. Seattle Office. 105 Columbia Street. Loi Angeles, 131 South Sprinfr Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEAK MEN CURED
¦; ,:, '
A $12 HOME CUBE PSEB 7OB TXHT
SAYS' TBIAIi AND APPBOVAi.
Our per-
JFYWM|)fflMi©OUTf;|^|;
rTh» Onlv V&t ff^SEm ops e \r
i »ne uniy .1^*j Iwte&jy ura and
(Scientific f energy;
and / /-fTMj£*2,, L T RK *
T«at««^M°W ill S^ o'^
ferRntoritf ra?l!& u * &*E t o u t h .
IcmrJlON^Kgirattp 4S>s • The onl7 J»s-
Youthful w m A giffiu-sas
Vigor £c 2&{J$~ *-»" *•«! fu'iy « n -
—^3^^#££viS*»^ S 'jS c o m p letely
/^**T— i — NV- ? '""VyS% £ —9 develop th »
iBw35 * s^ "*¦ s e with our Si -
Vggfcr**— —. f o ~- iib!«- Medi-
cated Vt<*-
tbral Crayons, quickly cures all drains. Vari-
ccrele. Stricture, Premature Decay. Enlarge-,
ment of Prostate Gland, etc. We want every
WEAK or UNDEVELOPED man to call oa us.
Or ACCOUNT OF THE PROFUSE ILLUS-
TRATIONS book cannot be sent through ti-.-i
MAILS -for the preient. Do not write for It.
W" are known to be strictly reliable specialist «
and cure all diseases of men by modern meth-
ods Don't delay. Examination and demon-
stration free. For our VACUUM DEVELOPEi;
or our special treatments, call at our- office
only for the present. DO NOT WRITE.
If you m«»t write far ether reason* address
letter* to Dr. L. L. Sherrod.
Hours 0 to 9; Sunday, 10 to t. HEALTH
APPLIANCB COMPANY. * O'7an«U st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 2$, 1904.
38
BEAI. ESTATE — CITT — TOR SA__.
JOOST SONS & CO.. Real Estate ami Ins ur .
ance, 32i> Bush St.. adjoining iiuilders' v».
sociation. Phone clay 122.
MUST be sold at once — Only $50O a lot: 2 Ian;.
nice, lots, having double frontas? on Ash-
bury st. anU Curbett ave.: C-Jibett ave ', s
grailtd. sewered and macadamized: gas arij
watec mains in itreets; grand view a. f_
ttay; 15>th-st. cars pa*s prpp?rty.
JOOST SONS & CO.. XA> Bush st.
$«0O FOR U larRp. fine lots fronting on Claron-
don and Btla— av«> aves., n-^ar Aahbary
Heights: grand view o? the GoIJen Gate ana
t>. F. Bay; lsth-st. car3 within block a
said lots. •
JOOST SONS &. CO.. 32t> tush st.
j ONLY $."><i — South ban Francisco Homesteai
lots; ?75 for corners; nr. Kentucky t<ii ;
Sprins Valley.
JOOST iKJNS & CO.. SCO Bush st.
I ONLY $!uo each for these choice lots: 13 n;. ,
1 level lots. 25xl(K> feet each, ready to bui^i
on; located at 221 and Railroad avea.. Sout;>
8. F.; water main in the street: the Kfn-
tucky-st. cars pass property: Spring Vai'.-v
water; easy payments; interest * per cent
per annum.
JOOST SONS &, CO.. o20 Uush st.
$150 FOR those choice building lots In bio. •{
422. Sooth Francisco Homestead, fror.--
in^ on K si., between 21st and U2d awa ,
electric cara pass property: Spring Vail- .-
water; easy payments; intereat 8 per c:u
per annum.
'JOOST SONS A CO.. 32t> Bush st.
$600 EACH— 2 beautiful level lots near Gola»n
Gate Park, on Stanyan »t.. near Frederick;
aht-ltered from wind; fine view of the Golden
Gate.
JOOST SONS & CO.. 32O Bush at.
MARKET-ST. lots, $100 each; 2.'»xt2^; only 3
lota left; fronting on Market St., only l.««i
feet from Ocean boulevard; grand view ol
Pacific Ocean and a nice drive to the prop-
erty. •
JOOST SONS & CO.. C2O Bush st.
$2«<o A LOT — 1 choice, level building lots. So.
100 each, at the corner of 8an Jose ave. ani
Farallunes et. ; atreet graded: s-pring Vall^v
water; Mission-at. electric cars pass in front
of the property every flve mintnes; fare 5c;
tranaf»r to all parts of the city; sheltered
from winds; neatly built cottages near lot*;
will sell on credit.
JOOST SONS & CO., 32O Bush st.
$700 EACH — '£ nice level lota ready to buili
on, fronting on 23d st., between Diamond and
Douglass; Hts 2Hxll4 each; 24th-st. cars run
within a short distance of said lots; street
graded, aewwd; gas a~d water mains in th*
street.
JOOST EONS k. CO.. 32O Bush at.
I A CHOICE business corner, Ashbury and Wa;.
ler ata., Z5xlu8; good for drug store or flrsi-
clais grocery; price $3000: make offer.
JOOST SONS k CO.. 320 Bush at.
ASHBURY Heights— 2 large tholce doub!*
bulldlns lots having 25 feet frontase on i
streets, Clayton and Tremont. near Frofl-
erlck; price $1550> each; tbcsa lots are a
bargain. *
JOOST SONS A CO., 320 Bush st.
A FACTORY site; will be near the bay abore
cutoff line S. P. R. R,; IS lots. 25x100 each,
on 22d ave., South San Francisco; pries
$1750.
JOOST SONS &. CO.. S2O Bush st.
ST. MARY'S College lots, near Mission st. ani
car line, 30xSO each; lots fronting on Caria!
St., $80; on Trumbull st., $130; easy tTres;
interest 6 per cent.
JOOST SONS &, CO., 320 Bush st.
$300 FOR 200x75. 'fronting on 3 avenues ani
water front; suitable fr>r boathouoa and brat
landing; near Bay View Tract. Hunt^n
Point: nice sheltered beach; plenty clanu;
near Kentucky-st. cars.
JOOST SONS _ CO.. S2O Bush st.
$3100 FOR nice new cottages of 7 large rooms.
with bath, toilet, pantry, hlirh basement:
concrete foundation, concrete floor in ba>»-
— tent; built by day's work; lot 2^x120; sit-
uated In Rich— tand, n<?ar Clen ient-8t. cars.
JOOST SONS & CO.. 320 Bush st.
ONLY $50 lot— 8 choice level lot*. 23x100 eart.
near tha Grand-ave. extension, or which w a.»
formerly 19th-ave. boulevard, south Goldsn
. Gate Park, which will run through i-prtr:*
Valley ground to the city of Colma. Sar»
Mateo Co.; grand view of Pacific Ocean.
JOOST SONS k CO.. 32O Bush St.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
410 MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
. CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
WHEX YOU CON'S IDER
that for a small sum you can insure your-
self against the possible lo?s of your property
— doesn't it seem desirable to pay that sm;Ul
sum?
We examine titles — make sure they're valid
— and If they should be "defective" wa Insure 1
you against any los«.
Ask ua about the service we rendei- — Its
coat. etc.
•FALSE IMPERSONATION*. INVALID POW-
ERS OF ATTORNEY, insane grantors and
forged deeds make the insurance policy of th«
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
a universal necessity.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant cr copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insurine real estat«
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company buviness trana— cted un-
der State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of CaJlforaJa.
CHARLES H. BISHOP.
Vica Preeu Bank of California.
ROBERT BF.UCE,
Of Balfour. Guthrte- * Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTIIAL.
Manager Anglo-Callforaian Ban _,
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney _ Olney, Atty'a and Ooonselora.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page. McCutchen A Knight. Atty'a.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. B3O California «t.
$10ro — nETW modern cottage. B rooms, bath and
pantry; well built; terms. 117 Marshall st.
$700— LOT in Oceanstde, 25x120: graded, lav«l;
rear cara. Box 445, Call office.
FOR aale. cheap — A nice bulMlng lot on Ful-
ton at., near Larkin. Apply to P. J. DON-
AHUE. 166 Preclta ave.
FOR sale — Two flne Iot3. Rich— lond. reason-
able. Room S10, Mutual Savings Bank bid*.
TWO naw flats. 321 Twenty-third ave. ; Sutra
car.
Cottage, 6 rma.. b. ; business prop.; Mission; *V
mortg. can rem_ ia; no agts. Bex 447. Call.
ALL work guaranteed first elaas by AHI-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. (C8 Howard st.
FOR EALE — ELEGANT FLATS; up to data;
terms to ault purchasers; large lota on FrM-
•rlck. west of 'Willard. Sam Glass. balld*r.
en premises.
SAN MATEO HEAI. gSTATS.
BAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We' have a choice list of excellent res!d»r»e»
properties, villa sites and acreage. Dan't fall
to aee us before buying. Investigate S»n
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all.
Lots ©f about one acre- each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. See our \oc*l
agent. Prank 8. Brurr.mon. 8an Mateo office
• open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at.
LOMITA PARK— On lin« of Ban Mateo electro
care; 45 minutea from 5th and Market; aawar
and water pipes to each let; electrtc light*.
etc.; GO-foot lots from $325 to $400; termt.
$10 down and $10 a month; get off at "Lea uta
Park" and Investigate; maps aent on appli-
cation, i
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
\ TeL Main 673. 118 California, at.
BEAUTIFUL horn** In Belmont. San Ma'eo
County: near station; modern house; larg»
lot; barn. etc. W. W. GRIFFIN. 31S2 Twen.
tv. s»<-c-nd st. San Francisco.
PAI.O AI.TO BSAI. ESTATE.
PALO ALTO.
If you are interested tn real estate In tha
town of Palo Alto. Colle-e Terrace or in ths
Santa Clara Valley, send tia your name and
addresa and we will mail you a copy of our
monthlv publication. "The Real EaUta N«w»."
THE J. J. MORRIS REAL ESTATE CO .
' Palo Alto. Cal.
XaJ-mUKSY BEAI. ESTATE.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE. *^
$950— Small cash payment, balance monthly;
a neat 3-rm.. hard finished cottage, includtnj
6 lota: all fenced; partly cultivated; 2 blocks
from the railroad atation. ,* >¦ •
$75— Large, level lots in Elmhurst. on tha
line of the Haywards local train; $3 monthly.
O3CAR HEYMAX, 14 Post a_
jjjjAIi ESTATE-—CTTT— rOS SAIiIL
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 207 Montgomery at..
Opposite Mills bldg. entrance. Phone Main 1J3.
540,000-^-Only 6O feet from Kearny St.; 50x04
feet, with substantial brick Improve-
ments, paying $3000 per annum; se-
cured lease; $15.0tx) recently spent on
the property; best buy in the market;
this will appeal to you.
$35,000— Rent $3600 per annum: » apartments
on the sunniest corner on Webster st. :
lot" 34x100; thia property is an eye-
opener: only six months old; heavy
mortgage will influence owner to make
reduction for quick sale.
$25,000 — Large water lot on Spear at., close to
Market; new building about to b« erect-
ed on adjointn* lot; make ua an offer;
size 45:10x137:6.
$18,000— Rents $1800: 6 magnificent flats on
Fell st.; Al renting locality; large lot,
42x120 to rear street. ' j i
1
$15,600 will buy a new $20,000 residence on ]
Presidio Heights thia week only: every |
t convenience and luxury that one could
wish for In a stylish home; magnificent
view, elegant surroundings, immense
grounds; in the heart of the exclusive
center; aee this Immediately.
$15,000— Lot 55x120 to rear street, witlx 3 sub-
stantial S-room dwellings thereon paying
10 per cent net; Fell at., does to Mar-
ket, sunny side; can. build on rear front-
age; this is a gilt-edge speculation.
$10,500 — Elegant 11-room residence on Jack-
son St.. near Central ave. ; .modern and
convenient; owner refused $12,500 two
years ago; large lot; elegant aurround-
inga.
$9.800— Qeary at., near Octavia: present Im-
provement* pay 10 per cent net; large
well-standlnK lot. 34:6x137:6; we will
submit any offer.
$S,000 — Renta $S00; 4 aunny 5-6 room flata on
prominent MUslon warm belt cor. ; extra
lar^e lot; we want an offer for owner
who Is e-ceedlDKlr anxloua to sell.
$7,500— Only $2500 cash, balance can remain
with bank at 6 per cent; the most Im-
posing and beautiful residence facing
Alamo square; 10 large, aunny rooms.
bath, basement and attic; thoroughly
modern; property stands owner $U,.".«k(.
a very awell house for one-half the
value.
$5,250 — Rents $486: flne piece of business
property on Bronnan st., near 7th; lot
26x90.
$4,900 — $1400 caah, balance can remain at 6
per cent: artistic 2-etory residence of 7
rooms and bath; two blocks from Stan-
yan-et., entrance to Golden Gate Park; !
one year old; stylish, substantial and
modern; large lot; owner leaves city
September 15 and must sell out.
$4,000— Rents $624; 5 apartments of 3 rooms
each, close to 3rd and Folsom; large
lot. 40x6O; this is without doubt paying
a hl_her rate of interest than any
. property ever offered for aale In this
city.
$3,500— Rents $438; 4 flats close to 7th and
Howard, in flrst-class shape and always
rented.
SPECIAL.
$S0O — A corner in the Mission. 55x104. In-
side of 22d st. and east of Castro.
ALSO
$675— Lot 60x114, key lot to above corner.
$675 — SW. cor. of 24th st. and Hoffman
ave. ; aee It to-day. •
DAVIDSON A LE1QH. 20? Montgomery st. !
SPECK & CO.*.
200 Montgomery st.,
REAL ESTATE.
Belling. Rents Collected.
. » Rasing. » Insurance.
$12,500 — A splendid corner, vicinity Larkin and
j Geary »ta.; lot 50x100, with improve-
ments: a decided bargain.
$40,000— $42C0 yearly rent; lot 82x275; only
partly improved; two frontages; can be
leased for $100 per month.
$32,500 — A flne northeast corner on Fill— iore
St.. consisting of three stores and four
flats; lot 45x90; a good buy.
$25,000— $2400 yearly rent; $15,000 « per cent
bank mortgage can remain; lot 50x137:8;
aplendid investment.
$20.000— $17.4O yearly rent; Polk-atreet businesa
property; large lot; a good buy.
$17,0CX) — Splendid Mission income property;
store and flata; rent $1«X> yearly; lot
60x97:6; only half improved.
$15,500—60 feet frontage; six Eddy-street flats;
two-story aad basement structure; rents
$127 50.
$15,0CO — Sup«;rb new "Western Addition flata;
lot 50x107 feet; renta $150O a year.
$14.000 — Three elegant new flata; rent* $1440
annually; vicinity Sutter and Fillmor*
RtS.
$13,500— Three fine Western Addition flats;
vicinity Octavia and O'Farrell sts.;
renting for $112 per month; 25-foot lot.
$9.6C0 — Fourth-st. bargain; near Folsom; two
stores and flat; lot 25x80 feet: after
widening Fourth st. this property will
readily command $15,000.
$9.000 — $S40 yearly rent; two splendid flats
with 10-foot basement that could at
small exoense be made into flats; lot
alono worth $6600; two frontages.
$7.2oO — Two fine Ellis-street flats; inside of
Buchanan st.; rent $940 yearly; strictly
modern.
$7,250 — Two Hayes-street flats: 5 and • rooms
and baths; lot 25x137:6 ft.; reduced
from $SO0O to effect Quick sale.
$6,6(X) — $P00 yearly rent; three flats in best
part of Richmond District, one-half
block from Golden Gate Park; all In
flrst-c!ass condition; could not ba du-
plicated for $S0OO; a decided bargain.
$6,000 — Income $6U« a year; six flats; ona
block from Hlbernia Bank and one.
half block from new Postofflce.
$5,'B0O^— Paying 12 per cent; under lease; Im-
provements new and modern; store and
flats; south of and close to Market st.
and east of 5th st.
S3J50O — Two Mission (warm belt) Cats near
16th St.; monthly income $40.
RESIDENCES.
$150.000^ — Palatial home. £5 rooms and 10
baths; no finer residence In San Fran-
cisco; corner lot. 160x130; will accept
good real estate as part payment.
$60,000 — Sixteen rooms and baths; mahogany
woodwork throughout; every possible
convenience; lot 125x137:8 ft.; unsur-
passed panoramic view; Improvements
coet $75,000.
$17,500— Pacific Heights home; north side and
marine view; lot 4Sxl37:8.
$14. SCO — Clay-street residence, near Gough;
north side; 12 rooms and baths; de-
lightful site; lot 29xl2S feet.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$35,000^ — Northwest corner: unsurpassed marina
* view; 137:6xI2S feet; threa frontages;
choicest residence aectlon of San Fran-
cisco. ¦
Beautiful marine view lot, north aide Broad-
way, near Octavia at.; 27x137:6; reduced
price for quick sale.
$6,750— 60x137:6; splendid residence site; Pa-
cific Heights; north side of street.
$4,000— Market at.; 25x100; close to coming
business section. _— -
$3,500 — 50x125; Masonta-avenue lot; splendid
piece.
CENTER & SPADER,
11 Montgomery at.. Lick House, block.
$40,000 — Bush St., close to Kearny; 4-«tory
brick, large basement, sidewalk ele-
vator, etc. ; renta $225.
$23.CKX) — Pine st.. near Gough; choice, lnveat-
. ' ment: 5 flats. Just completed; rents $200;
lot 27:6x120: two frontages.
$15,B0O— Rent $126; Geary st.. near Lagtxna: 3
new flats; 7 rooma in each; lot 27x37.
$11,000— Steiner St., near McAllister; two new
up-to-date flats; rents $85; lot 25xlO«.
$15,600— Fulton St.. Inside Gough: three mod-
ern flats, 6-7-7 rooms «_d two-atory
house, 6 rooms: rents $115; lot 27x131.
$5.750— NE. cor Fifteenth rt.. near Mission:
store, flat and two-atory houae; renta
$52 50; lot 25x00.
$7,250— Dolores st.. NE- cor. Twenty-fourth;
61x117:6; will sell 81xll7:» if desired;
cheapest residence lot in Mission; street
work done.
$2,750— Bargain; Eighteenth St.. near Noe:
modern 2 flats: upper flat, 5 rooma and
bath; lower fiat unfinished; lot 25x114.
$6,250— Snap; 2-story hotel; 31 rooms; offlc*.
dining-room, large kitchen, etc. ; lot 43x
100; close to Mission and Twenty- sixth.
$3,500— $39 rent; 4 well built flata on Ship-
ley St., near Sixth; lot 25x75.
$7,000— Four modern flats of 5 rooms each on
Twenty-sixth at., near Noe; large lot,
80x114.
$5,650 — Renta $45; 2 flats on Twenty-second.
. near Guerrero; 5 and 6 rooms, baths and
basement; lot 25x114.
CENTER * SPADER.
IMPROVED lot for factory purposes. 125x87:8
feet; aewera and water; concrete foundation
for ¦ buildine; close to V R. R. track; West I
Berkeley. Box 1334, Call office. Oakland.
$8000 — 3 NEW flats. 4-4-5 rooms; 4-room cot-
tage and barn; cor. lot; 25x114: rent $83.
. Owner. 20S Vicksburg st., near 24th.
$10,500 — 3 new modern flats. 6 r. each- rent
$1170: 2176-7R-SO Fulton, bet. Cole and Shra-
der. Apply J. H. KRUSE. 23d & Shotwell.
$11,500— -3 new modern flats; 8 r. each- rents
$1260; 26S-70-72 Frederick, bet. Ashbury and
Clayton. J. H. KRUSE. 23d and Shotwell.
FOUR, five and six room modern cottages on
terms eame as rent. Apply owner, lumber
yard, corner Army and Condon ata.
CHEAP corner lot. ready for building; grand
view; price $1650; half cash. Apply 2200
Fillmore st
FINE cor] lot In 8. F.: 75x90; fronting threa
streets. Address E. A. K., FruUvale ave..
Dimond.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
¦ Home Building Association, 427 Crosalay bid.
REAS ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post St.
$9.000— R;nts $71 60 per month;' McAllister
st. ; 3 flat?, !>. & and U rooms and bath
each; lot 25x137:0.
$32.5C0 — Large corner downtown investment,
vicinity Bush and Powell sta.; perma-
nent 5-story bulldinK; renls $3000. .
$7,250— Valencia st.; near 20th: lot 24x90;
building of 2 flats; rents $17 50; busi-
ness thoroughfart.
$15,5(0— Howard St.. close to 9th; lot 50x90;
substantial buildings; present rents $90.
$C.&00— Tshama at., near 6th; lot 25x75; 3-
stury buildine: rents $52.
$4.500— Vickeburg St.. near 22d; almost new
residence of 7 rooms, bath, etc.. In
perfect order; hljh. slightly elevation;
lot _ti:8xll7:6 to an alley.
$7.000— -Geary St., near Pierce; store, and 2
flata above; rents for $65 50 per month.
This Is a rtire chance.
$ie,500-^-Rpnts $140; lot 60x05; 2 new buildlnsa
of 4 ekvant flats; half block from tha
Park; Parnassus. ,'-,
$25,00<^— Montgomery-ave. corner; rents $182 50;
4-stcry and baaement building; 2 storea
and OS rooms.
$12,500 — Montgomery ave.. near Union;. 3 story
anJ basemont building; atore and flats;
rents $1U5 50.
$11,500 — Broadway corner, near! Powell at.; 3-
! «ory brick building; rents $88.
$1,100 — Vallejo »t. near Jonea; 2 flats of 4
f rooms ani bath each; renta $34 k per
month.
$3,100— Plne-st. corner; lot 25x70; old cottage
of 4 rooms; rents $12. ¦
$5,000— Caatro St.. near 19th; lot 25x125: 2-
atory frame buildlnr. containing store
will! rooms and flat above of ti rooms
and bath; rents S42 5a.
$5,0C0— ISth at., near Folsom; lot 24x100; 3
flats of 5-5-6 rooms; rents $43 50.
$5,000— Harrison at., near 21st; large lot. 45x
122:6; houae of 12 rooms and bath;
rtable for 3 horses; splendid building.
In first-class shape.
$5,250 — Clinton Park, near Guerrero; 2 flats of
5 rooms each; 25x76; cheap.
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1R5S.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House
$40,000 — Corner on Octavia at., near Sutter;
flats renting for over 9 per cent; lot
WxS7:6.
$10,750— Page St.; 2 up-to-date flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $000.
$6,000 — Bryant st., nr. 3d; modern flats; well
rented; Jot 25x60.
¦ $5,50O T -Natoma st., near 8th; two good flats,
w»Ah high basement; rents $1S8 per
annum; lot 25x75; must be sold.
$3,250— Beaver tt., near Noe; beautiful cot-
tage. Just the thing for a small family;
fine sarden.
$3,100 — Harrison rt., near First; house renta
$1S; lot 20xtiS:9. .
$4,000 — Tenth St., near Harrison; lot 25x100;
rent $32.
LOTS
$4,100 — Fillmore- St., near Grove; lot 25x
107:6.
$1,600 — Fourteenth ave. and A at. corner; 120
feet on the new park panhandle.
$5,000 — Two flne lots; Beulah at., near Stan-
jan; 50x137:6.
$3,500 — Tremont ave.. west line; 6-room cot-
tag«~!n flne condition; near Frederick st.
$1,975 — Harrison 6t., near 2Sth; flne cottage,
5 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; cheap.
$4,500— -Chattanooga st.. near Twenty-third;
large lot, 65x117:6 to rear street.
Lots 27:t3xl."?7:6. on Sutter at., between Steiner
and Pierce.
Building lots. NE, corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker st. ; in sizes to auit; prices
from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:8. on south line of
Geary St., near Fillmore.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st.. opp. Lick House. '
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
613 CALIFORNIA 8T.
ELLIS- ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
¦ $40.000— HOxl 25; a corner on Ellis at., near
Buchanan; improvements consist of houses and
flats in f?ood condition, renting for $i$12 50 per
m-jnth; must be sold nt one* on account of
departure cf owner.
MASON-ST. FLATS.
$9000— SO feet on Mason St., nr. Green; im-
provements consist of 3 new, bay-window flat*
of 5.' 6 and 7 rooms, renting for $77 50 per
month.
1 SPLENDID BUSINESS CORNER?
$0000 — A corner on Castro and 17th sta.;
4Sx9O, Irregular.
CHOICE MISSION HOME.
$6000^ — 42 feet fronlr Liberty, near Guerrero;
well built house of 10 rooms and bath.
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$11.000 — 40x137:6; Jones st., nr. Greenwich;
4 modern flata. renting for $87 50.
STEINER-ST. RESIDENCE.
$6000-— 25x03.9; ateiner, near Sacramento; Im-
provements consist of a well-built house of -8
rooma and bath.
NEW HAIGHT-ST. FLATS.
$15.000 — 3 new flats of 7-S-S rooms, renting
for $132 50 a month.
» FRANKLIN-ST. FLATS.
S20.000— Franklin st., near OTarrell; three
new, sunny flats, renting for $170 p*r month.
RAUSCH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$5000 — Rausch st.. near Howard; improve-
ments consist of flats, rentinsr for $51 per
month.
i NEW BRODERICK-ST. FLATS
$9750— 30x103: Broderlck at., near Green: 2
substantially constructed new flata; marina
view; renting for $75 per month..
FREDERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT
$1S5O— 2oxlC0; south line of Frederick at..
j m-ar Willard; adapted for home.
PROMINENT UNION-ST. CORNER
$25,000— Six new flats of 6 rooma and bath
each, renting lor $26S8 per annum.
HAWKS & EKELTON.
Renta collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$10,500 — North aide Jackson, nr. Buchanan:
good house of 8 rooma and 2 baths; lot
35x117. to rear atreet.
$9,500 — North sld« Vallejo. nr. Polk; good
house of 10 rooms; cost $12,000 to build-
may b« altered to flata profitably; very
flne view of bay; lot 45x170. ..
$13.500 — Fin* house: Leavenworth, near Clay;
9 rooma and bath; laundry Ir. basement -
building in flrat-clasa condition; view, of
Golden Gate from rear.
$8.500 — Good house and lot; Octavia, near
Broadway; 7 rooma and bath; fine /lew
of bay from front, or rear; thia is a
bargain.
$8,000 — NE. corner Larkin and Lombard:
29:6x110; has superb vlf-w of bay; atreet
work all done; neighborhood growing
fast.
$5.400— Inside lot*- adjoining above; 27x110;
Hyde-st. cara close by.
$8,000 — NW. corner lot: Larkin and Filbert-
40x100; superb vlaw of Golden Gate
from rear.
$3,000— Let. aouth aide Green, nr. Pierce. 25x
100; good view; choice neighborhood,
HAWKS & EKELTON. S23 Montgomery at.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
203 Montgomery at., opp. Mflla bldg.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE
Foreclosure. ProbaU and Forced Sale*' of All
Kinds will be Found In Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully selected Hat of cheapest propertied
offered en the market In every location. Send
ua your address and we will mail you one.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO
£03 Montgomery at., opp. Mills bldg.
$2400— COTTAGE. 6 r. & b.; 2.16 Bosworth at.
$2800— Cottage. 4 r. &, b.; 214 20th; modern.
$2700 — Cottage. 6 r. &. b.; 159 West Park st.
$1100 — Cottage, 4 r. and b.; 240 Hearst ave.
$1000— Cottage, 4 rooma; 220 2Sth at., with
•¦•¦•al business, horses, wagons and good-
will.
$300 down and $30 per month — 2 flats, -t and
B rooms and bath; on Day at.; $3000.
$300 down, $25 per month: 2 flata; 27th st.
D. COFFIN. Mission, bet. 21st and 22d.
$1200 WILL buy newly furnished modern
house, 12 rooma; worth investigating. 467
Geary at. ' ' '
FINE N.E. cor. Sanchsz at.— Store and 4
rooms nnd bath above: also -cottage, 5 rms.,
renting for $3150. Apply 332 27th st.
$300— WORTH $500; building lot; sfeknew
compels aale. J. MORSE. 032 Market st..
room 5. . . f . .- -
$600 SNAP-r-Lot 25x114; clote to twp car lines;
SO minutes', from City Hall. Box 86, Call.
THE^C\LL
JOIIN^D. SPRECKJiLS.^^. Proprietor j
Address Ccmmun!cation« to
JOHN Mj^'AUGnT^^^.^.-Mimajrcr
W. .1. MAKTIX Business ' Manager, 1
TELEPHONE.
Atk foi Till: CAUU The Operator Will Con-
oirt You With the Department You v\ !*h.
T_blirsticn Office Market aad Third. S. K.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
LtaSivered »•> 'arriers. 20 <"ts. Per "Week. 75 j
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cts.
Terms by Maii, Includin? Poetage tCash With
order} :
1JA1LV TALL tlnclud. Sunday). 1 year...$«.00
LtAILY CALL «lnelu<i. Funday>. fl raoi... 4.00
UAILT CALL— By Single "Month 75c
SINhAY CALU 1 Yea: 2.^» ,
V.KKKI-Y CALL. 1 Y*ar l.OO;
r..,,-,,... , Daily... $$.80 Per Tear Extra ,
FMRKIUN j p utu i 8j :; 'i.is per Year Extra |
PCSTAOE. ! weekly. l.<*> Per Year Extra j
ALL POSTMASTERS ARK AUTHORIZED j
T<i MXO.YK STBSCRIPTIONS. j
Coplf* will be forwarded wh»n re- .
juested.
Mail .-•ii % .«oril*xs In ordering charge or ad- |
<i:tfs eh-iuld b* particular to gK* t>^th NEW :
ANU <Jl.i> ADDRESS in order to insure »|
j.'iinjt A-.:ii correct ccrui>l lar.ee with thtir re- j
OAKLAND OFFICE:
2<;t; Bro— <lm-ajr Telephone Main 1063 !
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2HS t.'er.ier Street. Telephcne North 77 1
„ I
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
hA M L EL W. VY ALL Hotel Barton |
.__»» I
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
W»Hirf-A»;cTi» Ho— >I: A. Brentano. 31
Union Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue '
Hotel and HcfTman li ¦¦>•.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
.sh»iman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotej; Tremont House; Auditorium !
HuUtl: j_!mer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. MiruuclW Building.
• Lcr.fc L^tance Telephone. •'Ctntral 2€1».") |
NEW TURK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN ii. SMITH «0 Tribune Building;
NEW YORK CORRESI*ONDENT:
C C. C_R_TON ..-*¦%». Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Vxn Francisco Call.
Cf'rr.t-r Market and Third Greets: open until ,
12 u^uvk <\try r.lght in'thc year.
ISRANCH onsfefcfej
1O< Varket street, cppot-yfi^W:n ; open until .
11 p. m. C'li cf/
827 ilontsomery street, corv w ay; open until
9:::i> p. m. \ If ;
n<Ki I,-,-.- nrf«; open until \»m& p. m.
839 UcAlltvter strctt; cpt-n until 9:30 p. m.
? !.*> Larkin street; oj*n until 9:30 p. m.
1341 Has] 3D street; oi-en until 10 p. tn.
iw Eleventh sttAci: <r>*n until 9 p. m.
Uum, \_leni-ia t-Lreet : open until 'J p. m. j
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
until 0 p m.
C_'jO Fillmore street. • open until 9 p. m. )
- — "*~ *^^^~ ~ ~^ ~ " * — "* ~ — "* i
&SAZ. ESTATE— CITY— FOS SALE. !
0 ;
USCAR HSTMAN AND
THE JA.XJB HETMAN COMPANT, •
1J TOST STREET.
NEW SUBDIVISION.
*5'»> each— Lots on 45th ave., rear Ocean j
Beutotmrd.
$150 each— Let* on 47th ave., only 85 ft. from 1
the- Ocean Rou'ovtrd.
$-1C0 each— Lcie on 4Gth ave.; all level and
ifKiy to build on.
$l<y> ea-.h— Lota near the Oceanside Houae; I
tint view of the ocean.
RICHMOND LOTS.
<7th ave and Fulton at.; clere f> the Cliff j
H"Ute: only 1 block from the electric car line; 1
*7iO each.
25D AVE . NEAR FULTON" ST.
*4Mi each — Choice lots.
BUILDING LOTS!
BUILDING LOTS!
T-\ce!sior Homestead. Mission Dinrirt. Po-
tVc-ro, Heyrr.an Tract, Parnassus Heights; easy i
terms, easy term*; aend for diagrams.
$2'«0 eacb— Your chcice of 14 building lots; 1
tlock from the Kentucky-it, cara.
HOMES ON EAST TERMS.
T»o more 5-rwm and bath cottages now j
bring built en Vermont and 25th sts.; take |
*r.y of the Mission district care, transfer to :
ft., ride to Vermont tn..; look at them I
while they are being built; you will see how '
nrosr we build.
j
NO. R37 ALVARADO BT.
S rooms and bath; lot 37:«'.xllS feet; cottage !
Jiitl completed; tak* Mission at. car. transfer ,
to 22d Ft., ride to Lxuirlasfi *t.. walk 1^ block* '
to the preperty; agent en premises.
$1750 — 4 roams; 3 level lots; 1 block from
the San Bruno ave. car line.
EI.EVENTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
$425 r >— Ren:a $42 50 per month; 4 fiata.
I
PIXTH ET.
K0.O0O— 50xS» feet, with 25x75 in rear; ;
buildirgs ir fine condition; 4 stores and 20 ¦
rooms and 2 flats; a good investment.
FRANCISCO ST.
$I«C0 — L^-t 3<ht7O, near Dupont rt.
WESTERN" ADDITION HOME.
h rooms: finished ba»e— ;'nt: attic: eunny ex- !
'.p^sure; ;n fine condition; easy terms if desired. I
I
RICHMOND FLATS.
T*-o newly built CatE on California m.; 4-3
rfjonss, eaxy tenre.
THIRTEENTH-ST. COTTAGE.
¦4S00— SCew corner cottap*-. with stable: 10- ¦
fott basement; very easy terms.
OSCAR HEYMAN.
14 Pest St.
HE At, CARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We Lead ;n Sales of O «*n*. Je Lots! Why?
Choice at. Locations: Lr.w -e^t Price*'. Mildest i
Climate'.
Don't Mis* This Golden Opportunity!
$50O to 11200— Graded teaiy for building.
Sp!cnd:J vit»- of ocean from every lot.
Nothing l*.k* it in Ui!a city. All barralna! !
Easy term*!
$100 tc $3O<i — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly. '.
Ocansii* branch office, ccmer H et. and !
47th ave.; «'m rorner 43th ave. boulevard and
K at. Open Sundays.
$5<V". tr> $1200 — Choicest Sunset lots: $10 month '.
$.',or. to $12'<»— Chelceet Sunset tots: $a0 monthly j
$>0rt t« $10<v>— Cheapest Richmond lot* and i
rear £jreri<ei» Lake and park: on installments. ;
. U50 to JJ^ft— Level Excelsior Homestead i
ratf; V> rrcnthly.
JlOftO to $4C00— Modern CotUgea In Sum»t. j
ftlftilTIWlg. Oceanside and Excelsior Hcrsestead.
Lew prices! Easy term*!
6OL GFTZ & SON, Owners and Dealer*.
Rocm 54. Chronicle Building.
W. B. McGERRY CO..
230 Uush at.— Mills Buildir_.
$10.500— Duboce Park and Noe at.; 3 up-to-
dcte niciirrn flats of 6 rooma each: every |
convenience known to modern architeci- |
ure; rents $1200 per year; must be iwld !
this week.
$3.750-— Artlrtlc ?-ree-i and bath cottage: 8
fInis-h«"S rfimt In basement: could eas-
Hy be rr.a'if into flat*; l*>th and Castro. '
93.7C-0 — Or.tv r>-rooni cottage r,n one of the be»*
street! In the Mission warm belt; a
positive bargain : lot 27:Cxinn.
f5,5C<»— Natuma at.. c!o»e to «th; 2 fine flata, 1
1-5 r-onw avd bath; brick foundation;
ruRh t>e.J*Tnent; with ftmall outlay could
I* m*A* into flat?; best buy aouth of
Market.
$5.fX0 — Two very fine bay-window flata on
nu?h tt. : large lot: 7 rooma and bath;
rents »012; thia ta eurely a bargain.
$u..V»— J mrvlern flats of 3-4-5 rooma and
Lath; fir.e cor.dition; concrete walk* we
can recomn-.erd tht-te; Trharr.a at., near
•>th; rents J4.T per month.
fft.WjO— 3 trar.d n*>iv flam; vicinity Market and
intb tts.; i;-7-7 roomn; all latest im-
provements: rents $1050; best bargain
tn flata In city; f ee these at once.
ti.rcf! — Twe-etcry modern houee on Hartford
"».; thi? Is an i«e*l home and a bargain-
lot 2-*ixlO2. '
«'J.30C--Tlirr* brand new flats; 5 rooma and
bath, vicinity Jones and racifle: renta
over 10 m-r cent net.
< JTY or RiniMcxn. ~ ' ' '
LOTS $J» PER MONTH.
Th* California i-rmlnua cf the Santa Fa
Ua.li«ad and t!:e Standard Oil Company la at
r.i<h-i«.nd; Jum across the hay from Kan Fran-
(*jk£ wh'r* thews corporations » re .pending
minion* e' dr.!!ai-. Buy a lot If you want to
r-*.V# men*}-. Ad'Jrcss RICHMOND LAND
'fMPANY. Crr,c_T building. Kan Francisco.
lf!R sale cheap or exchange for acreage— Lots
V r^^V.JSL'Slf X £ Clty L * n<1 Association.
Apply 6. EEREL. 2«21 Bryant ft.. U-t. 5 and
? : p. m.
«5 A MONTH— Cheap lot. only (tJOO; m _ r
Mircion-ht. care; on Naples at., near Japan-
rY.**x*r\ lot In the rectlon: all ready for
building. McEWEN BROS.
BSAI. ESTATE — CITY — gQS SAI.S.
G. H. I MBS EN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
FLATS.
$72CO— Reducd from $75ou; rents f72« per
annum;. Oak st.. a Khcrt distance from
Market ft.; improvements consist of 2
flats and 2 cottages; lot has two fron-
tages.
$(~J50 — Heats $»;*2 per annum, which could eas-
ily te increased; close to Thirteenth and
Howc»d sts; :; desirable flats of . 5-4
r-jorre and bath each; a snap.,
$C25O — Only $1500 cash requiit'l: 2 new cor-
ner flat*: Ninth av. ; Richmond District.
$5T.OO — Rents ?o22 per annum: Folsom st., nr.
10th st.; 2 n*w flats of 5-4 rooms and
l.ath each; high basement, etc.: lot
24x122.
$1750— Rents $S10 per annum: close to Twenty.
fifth and Howard sts.; 2 well built flats
of iJ-5 rooms and bath each, with sta-
ble on rear end of lot, which has two
frontages.
52G0O— Sp'.cn.Jid buy; rents $363 per annum;
Headway, ntar Jtnea at.; '¦! flats' of
4-H rooma each; steadily rented; a bar-
Ealn.
INVESTMENTS.
$5iww — Rent* JC72 per annum: splendid busi-
ness corner on Twenty-third tit. ; im-
provements contrUt of - stores and flat;
a fi>lendid buy.
$4750 — Rents $57C per annum; Clara St.; 4
chcice flats of .T rooms ca'.-h, in per-
fect order; bank mortgage of $2250 at
« cer cent can remain.
t-J'J-.O — Rents $720 per annum; Shipley at.; Im-
provements consist Gf 5 front and ~
rear flat*, all in perfect order; eanltary
plumbing, etc.; alwaya rented; owner
must acli.
$4o00 — Kenra $540 per annum: near Pacific and
Hyde sta.; a good building, containing
Mere and flat, with cottage in rear; a
bargain.
(40U0 — Twenty-fourth st. ; choice piece of busi-
ness property; Imnr'-vtments conslat of
store and flat; excellent location:, a
Knap.
$3500— Rerits. $IOS per annum: Perry St.: 3
good flats of .'¦ rooms and bath each;
brick foundations, etc.; a splendid buy.
; COTTAGES.
$3000— A new Richmond cottage, containing 7
roomH and bath, and rented at present
for $au oer month; only $1000 ca«h re-
quired.
$2500— A cieslraH* cottage, cicse to Howard
and Twelfth sts.. with stable in rear.
$2C00— Make offer: Jersey *t. : a desirable bay
window cottage of 3 rooms and bath;
a splendid opportunity to secure a cheap
home.
$20«.K> — Close t--> Twenty-third and Dolores sts. :
lay window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; high basement, etc.: a cozy home.
j $261K> — York t>t. ; a cozy bay window cottase of
5 rooma and Imth, with high basement;
in perfect order.
For further particular! of the above and for
ihe Re.il Estate Record, containing a list of
properties) for «al<» in all parts of the city.
iii'iuir* at our office.
I G. H. U1IHSKX & CO..
20 Mcntso:nery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
BHAINWALD, BL'CKBEE & CO..
218 and 230 Montgomery St..
Mills buildinc.
1 $8,750 — New flats; Presidio Heights ; rents $75
per month; always rented.
____
I $30,000 — Northwest corner, opposite. Alamo
square; elegant apartments, renting for
$212 Tr> per month; lot 70x125; par-
tially imoroved.
j $22.500 — Warehouse; 4-story building on lot
45:10x120 feet; one short block from
S. P. freight sheds; will pay S per cent
on the investment.
I $12.500 — Stores and flat* on Sacramento at.,
near Central ave; rents $110 per month;
lot BOxlOO ft. ;
! $40,000— Pest st., near Taylor; 2 frontage*;
40 foot lot; grand site to erect mod°rn
building.
__ _
] $£,2SO — Devisadero-st. corner, near Eddy, with
flne 2-story residence; lot 25x100 ft.;
i price is very reasonable.
$10,000— Filbert eL, near Hyde; flne marine
view; residence of 10 rooms and bath;
lot 48x137:6 ft.
$6.000 — Devlsadero, near Halght; realdence, 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
: ZZZ
$7,600 — L'nicn-st. corner, near Devisadero:
elegant marine view; lot 62:6x110 feet;
must bt sold.
I $3.SS0 each— Filbert, near Scott: maR-nlflcent
marine view; lota 27:6x137:6 each and
corner 65x137:6 feet; 1-6 cash, balance
! on easy terms.
I $17,000 — 2d-«t. corner, nr. Harrison. 70x95 ft. :
fine site for modern business building.
$775 each — Choice marine view lots; Lake
st., 26th and 27th aves.; ready to build
on; price includes all street work, sew-
ers and sidewalks; will double in value
in one year; cash or easy terms If de-
sired.
[ Get a copy of our printed list of properties
I for tale.
1
I .
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery St.. Mllla bid.
I HOAG & LANSDALE.
1CS Montgomery at..
Telephone Main 7*.
j $8.O0O— New. artistic residence being built
near the rark : 50- foot lot; b» «ure and
se* it.
$11,000— Pine st.; 3 flata, 7. 8 and 8 rooms;
rents $102; lot 27:6x137:0 feet. '
$22. OCO— Corner on O'Farrell s»t. ; 3 flats. 8, 9
and 11 rooms; rents $180; lot 30x110 ft.
$4.750 — Stevenson st.; 2 flats. 4 and 5 rooms;
renta $40 60: let 25x77:6 feet.
$7.5">0 — fourteenth ft.; 2 flats. 5 and 6 rooms;
rent $00; lot 31:0x10.? feet.
$13.000 — Van N»ss ave.: 2 flats. 7 and 0 rooms;
rents $35; lot 25x103 feet; key lot.
$6,000— Gulden Gate ave.; 2 flats, 6 and 6
rooms; rente Jo5: lot 25x137:6 feet.
$4,500— Ha rr icon at.; 2 flats, 6 and 7 rooms;
rent $38; lot 25x100 feet.
$10,000— Eighth St.; 4 flats. 2 In the rear: rent
$75; mortKasre $5000 can remain; lot 50x
75 feet.
, $1T5.5OO — Washington st.: 3 flats. 7 rooms each;
rents $125: lot 25xJ02 feet.
I $5.250— Twenty-fifth Et.; cottage of 8 rooms:
lot 25x110 feet
! $$.500 — Clay-ct. residence, about ten rooms;
lot 2*>xl f| r> feet; offer wanted.
I $3.250— Burn st.; 2 flats. 5 rooms each; rent
$40: lot 23x5-7 feet. '
¦ $c.OtO— Corner lot on Vallejo *t., alxe 45x
112:0 feet; fine marine view; ready to
build on.
$20,000— Pteiner st.; 3 flats. 7. 8 and 8 rooms;
rente $140; lot 27:6x100 feet.
! $2,.V» — Case!li ave.. near Eighteenth et. ; cot-
tage 5 rooms; lot 50x121 feet; offer
wanted.
$5.000 — Howard-«t. cottage of about 8 rooma;
i lot 30*122:6 fe»t; mortgage of $3500 can
remain.
$COO— A snap, en Point Lnbos ave.; flne
irarin* view; easy terms: a bargain.
HOAG & LANSDALE.
108 Montgomery rt.
Telephone Main 78.
HOOKER A LENT 14 POST ST.
$70,000— Buvlneea block, eaat of Ellis and Lar-
kin sta.; stores; large building and
lot; rents $450 ttr month.
$30.000— Post at., near Hyde; 50x137:6; grand
site for hotel.
' $21,000— N»ar Market and Eaat eta.; large lot;
4SxliTi: 2 frontages; old bulldjngs: rents
about $100: grand opportunity to secure
, a manufacturing Bite.
; $1S,000— Stelrer st. ; S new flata; 6, T, 8 rooms;
i rents $92 CO.
j $13.000— MlMlon at., near 14th; lot elie 78:6x
100; good business location.
I $12.500— Taylor Pt. corner; 8-story building;
store and flats; rents $92 60.
$10,000 — Jackson St., close to water front; 3
frontages; bulldlnga rent for $70 per
month.
$?,500 — Two houses on corner, near Eddy
and Lacuna ats.; 0 rooms and bath each;
repta $60.
$5,CO0 — Renta $54 per month: ' Harrison at.;
i tores, near 6th st.
•
$3.750 — Broadway, ne«r Jone«; 2 flata; renta
$S5.
$2.850— Cottage and lot on 11th ave.: con-
taina 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x120;
cheap.
HOOXER & LENT. 14 POST ST.
$?.5C0— FREDERICK d.; 2 new flata, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; lot 25x137 ;b.
$5,r,C0— Guerrero, near. 21st.; realdence of 8
rooms, bath: lot 32x117.
$3.C00- ; Hancock-Bt. cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
Myh basement; snap.
$8 M0 — Aehbury: J> rooma, bath; 60x106.
$1.500 — CTiurch-et. cottage. 4 rooma.
$lfi.««O— Pine, near T.iylor; .1 flats, 7 rms. each.
Vt.2frt — Sonehez «t.; .flats.
Waller, near Shrader; C5xS5; bargain.
Cor. ISth and Noe St.; 4 flats and vacant lot;
; will KCbdlvlde.
PATTERSON. Examiner bldg.. room 202.
ijilSOO— FINE new cottage, 4 rooms; corner;
5<.'xUtO; stable, chicken-house; _ood location
for piceon or chicken raising; large bail-
ment, 1 Halloway, opp. Inglealde Cours. 1 'k.
SEAI. ESTATE— CITY— rO» SAI.E.
THORNE & KILPATRICK. 312 Bush St.,
REAL ESTATE. Near Montgomery.
BUSINESS PROPERTY. .
$7,250 — Choice lot on Valencia St., opp. Hill;
24x125, with good 9-room house (should
be laUed and store built underneath);
imperative sale. . . ..
Mission st.. nr. linn; 40x95; 2 stores and 2
flats; this is choice business property
and is offered exceedingly low.
$15,500 — McAlistfcr e,t., nr. Gough; 3.1x100; Im-
proved.
$20,600— California and Larkin sts.: cheapest
business corner in the city; 35x70; well
improved and paying a high rate of in-
terest.
$22,000— McAllister st., nr. FrankHn;-55xl37:6;
well Improved, stores and flats; a bar-
gain.
$32,500 — Beale st,, nr. Mission; 45:10x137:6.
$47,500 — Howard at., nr. Second; 75-ft. fron-
tage through to rear street; this neigh- ,
borhood is ready for large buildings and
big profits will be made there.
$45,000 — Superb northeast- cor. In hotel dis-
trict north of Market at., east of Lar-
kin; 5Ox9o. to ajley. giving three fron-
tages-, car lines on both streets.
FLATS.
$2,900 — Greenwich Pt., nr. Larkin; 3 flats, 3
5 and 6 rooms; lot 27:4x137:6; rents $30.
$5,000 — Masonic ave., south of Frederick st.;
5 and 6 rooms and bath; new; lot 25x
100; very cheap.
$7,200 — Baker St., nr. Sutter; 50x100; 2 flata
and a rear bouse (one lot vacant);
rents $50. I
$11,000 — Waller St.. nr. Tremont ave.; Just
finished; 5, 6 and 6 rooms and baths; |
central kitchens; bay windows front |
and rear; rents 8105 per month. ¦ \
$11,000 — Waller st.. nr. Aslibury; 3 up-to-date [
flats, 6 rooms and bath each; rents I
$126O: lot 27:6x100. {
$11,500— Webster St.. nr. Geary; 3 modern i
flats, 6 rooms and bath each; every
room sunny; rents $100. I
$11,250— Hermann St., nr. Duboce Park; all |
latest Improvements; 6 rooms and bath I
each; rents $102 50. \
$14,000 — Page at., nr. Octavia ; 3 flne, sunny |
flats, 6. C and 7 rooms, baths; rented
very low to old tenants at 592; could
readily be raised. . •
$15,600— Oak St., nr. Steiner; 3 grand, sunny
flats, 7 rooms and baths; extra lot,
35:0x137:6; rents $1680 per year.
$15,500 — Oak st.. nr. Laguna; lot 27:6x120, to
rear street; 2 flats on Oak st. and 2 on
rear street; nearly new; modern and
first-class in every way; renta $111 per
month.
$10,000— Oak st, nr. Fillmore; 4 beautiful,
modern flats, 5, 5, 6 and 0 rooms, baths;
. lot 42x100: rents $1500 per year, and
rented very low.
RESIDENCES.
$7,750. — Beautiful, mcxlern residence on Hayes
St., facing Alamo square; 8 rooms and
bath; original cost $11,400; forced sale;
must be cloeed at once.
$8,500 — Broderlck St., nr. Golden Gate ave.;
modern, 9 rooms, finished basement with
heater; open fireplaceu; key lot giving
south exDosure; grand view of city
and bay.
LOTS. •
$2,000 — Key lot on Leavenworth St.. nr.
Chestnut; 25x102:6; only $2000, includ-
ing street owrk now bclnsr done; ac-
tually worth double the price asked.
$4,500—54x137:0; Hyde st.. nr. North Point;
level and ready to build on; very cheap.
%
SPECIAL — Northeast cor. Washington st. and
Presidio ave. (formerly Central ave.);
lots any size to suit; Just been graded
and put in order ready for building;
fine marine view.
$9,000— Oak at., nr. Fillmore: 50x137:8.
$14,000 — Cor. Page and Buchanan sts.; 6S:9x
127:6. '
A cenulne anar>; northeast cor. on Geary
St., inside Fillmore; 68:9xS2:6; level and on
grade; price has been reduced to make quick
sale. . •
$900—30x100; California at., nr. 22d ave.;
level and on trade. *•
$2.600— Frederick St., opposite Shrader; 25x
137:6. _
50x120 — 25x120; southwest cor. CWifornia at.
and tith ave.; will subdivide.
Improved and unimproved property In all
parts of the city; easy terms.
THORNB & KILPATRICK.
312£Bush st.
SONNTAG BROTHERS,
Real Estate Brokers, 2JJ2' Montgomery st.
$14,000— Three swell flats, facing Golden Gate
Park, paying* $1260 per year; containing
8 rooms and bath each. A splendid in-
vestment.
$12,000 — Three elegant flats, only two years
built; modern in every particular; pay-
ing $1200 per year; Scott st.
$9,500 — Three cleeant flats o§ ISth St., con-
taining 5 rooms and baui each; finished
in a splendid manner 1 , modern in every
particular; this property pays $950 per
year. A most excellent Investment.
$8,500— Pierce St.. north of Union; 2 flne new
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each,
• with a splendid cottage, in all paying
$720 t>er year; flne marine view.
$8,200 — Two flats of 4 and 6 rooma and bath
each, with house In rear paying $650
per year; Waller st.
$5,250 — A pretty and modern cottage, con-
taining 4 rooms and bath; cement foun-
dation, with a lot' 49 feet, front, upon
which flata could be erected in addition;
a enao; Collinewood at.
$4,250 — Two flats on Church St.. substantially
built, paying $385 per year: containing
4 and 5 rooms and bath; interior well
finished and brick foundation.
$4,000 — Twenty-second St.; 2 flats of 4 rooms
each, with bath; rents $120 per year;
flne basement and yard.
$3,500 — Jersey st. ; an attractive cottage two
years old; 6 rooms and bath; finished
basement, wash trays, pretty garden.
$2,850 — New cottage on Twenty-second at.;
porcelain tub, wash stands, etc.; good
lot; eaey terms of payment.
$1,700 — A pretty 4-room cottage In good re-
pair; pays $12 per month now, can easily
be converted into a two-story building;
near Laguna and Filbert sts.
LOTS.
Fine marine view lots, located on Union st.,
east of Devlsadero. Also choice lots, located
on corner of Green and WebBter sts. Also lots
on Vallejo and Filbert ets. A flne list of lots
In the Mission. Particulars at office.
F. B. SURRYHND.
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
' $12.000 — Corner close to Market and Drumm
ets.; nominal improvements; owner deter-
mined to sell; will entertain an offer; offered
at a low figure.
$2S50— Close to Haight and Ashbury: nice
cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x80; $1500
mortgage can remain; determined to sell; will
entertain an offer.
$10,500 — On Presidio Heights: 2 handsome
flatic 7 rooms and bath each: renting for
$8S 50 per month; large, sunny lot. 35x112:6.
$5250 — Reduced ;. must ' be spld; Guerrero at.,
nr. 19th; handsome, new, modern cottage, 6
rooms and bath: lot 25x90.
$7000 — Ashbury 'st. ; new, modern, sunny
residence, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x106;
easy terms if desired. *
$12,000— Bargain; Mission St.. well situated:
4 substantial houses of 9 rooms and bath each;
renting for *110 per month.
$25,000 — Best rart of Valencia et: aub-
atantlal 3-story building arranged In stores
and flats; rented low at $182 60 per month;
lot 50x100.
$14,000— Union ¦ St.. nr. Fillmore; accessible
by transfer to any point in the entire city/
3 extra fine flats, 7 rooms and bath each;
renting for $135 per month under lease; very
sunny key lot, 2Sxl00; mortgage of $S0O0 can
remain if desired.
$1000^ — A snap: corner on 19th st. ; 67x106.
$8760 — We Invite an offer: Broadway, nr.
Larkin; 2 good flats, 7 rooms and bath each;
also rear cottage of 4 rooms; total rental
$62 60 per month; corner lot, 29x137:6.
$12,500 — Washington at., nr. .Baker; 8 new,
modern flats. 7 rooms and bath each; renta
$125 per month; lot 25x102.
$1850— Bryant at., nr. 25th; house of 6
rooms; lot- 26x100.
Get ray August catalogue.
F. B. SURRYHNE. 138 MONTGOMERY ST.
B. GETZ. Room 22. * Chronicle Bldg.
Owner and Dealer.
New Block! Richmond District! New Block!
21 *t ave.. bet. Clement and Point Loboa.
Buildera. Attention!!!
21st ave.^-Graded. Sewered, Gaa and Water
Lots graded and level to build homes on
Bargains!'.! See them at once. Very easy term*.
$350 to $1200— Sunaet Helghta Lota— $0 up mo.
$250 to $500— North of the Park Lota
Opposite Bpreckela Lake and New Speed Track.
$350 to $500— lOth-ave. boulevard lota— $5 mow
$60 to $650— Ocean Heights and Oceanside Level
Lots. Splendid view; $5 monthly payments.
$160 up— Excelsior Homestead Level Lou
City "Water— Fine Car Service— $5 monthly.
$75 to $100— Ocean View Lots, level to build on
¦ v City water— Your own terms— Sea them.
$1000 to $5000— Cottages and' houses — Monthly
payments. ,
Call at my office. Room 22. Second floor.
Chronlcla Building. -..:.-,
WE have tome apeclal bargains in -city prop-
erty; also homes on easy terms in Berkeley
and Alameda. Call or : send for what you
want. ROTH ERM EL' & CO., 607 California.
$8000 — GOOD investment irt Mission; new tbrea
-flat bulldlnga; 8-roome and bath; two front-
ages; pays 10 per* cent net; Capp, near
Twenty-sixth. H. FE1GE, 1068 Capp at.
BE Alt ESTATE — CITT — TOIL SAIiE.
LYON & HOAG.. 116 Montgomery st.
tsend- for our printed list of property for
salt in all sections of the city. _
NEW WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$8500— Easy terms; 52oCu cash, balance
monthly; 10 splendid large rooms, reception hall,
hot air furnace, line basement, etc.; this house
is beautiful in desicn; commands excellent
views; accepted street; everything done; in-
terior finish unusually sood; hardwood floors,
curly redwood In halls, etc.; dtninB-room es-
pecially elaborate: take Haight-st. cars, ger.
u« at Scott st. and walk two blocks south to
Duboce' ave.; house close to Duboce Park; open
daily for inspection between 11 and 4.
RICHMOND LOTS— EASY TERMS.
$150 to $«00— $50 cash, balance monthly; flne
level lots ready for buildtng; 35th ave. and
Point Lobes; Sutro cars pass property; six new
buildings going up at present time.
$1000 each— Two lots on 10th ave., near
Point Lobos; 25x120; a bargain. !
CORNER PARK PANHANDLE.
$13,250— Renta $1200; 3 flata of 7 rooms and
bath each; northwest corner, in the best part
of Park Panhandle: larite lot: abundance of
sun and li_ht.
FLAT8 SOUTH OF MARKET.
$9000 — 3 flats on Bryant St.. near ad: 5-5-8
rooms and bath each; always rented; modern in
every respect.
. MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
$10,000— Rent over $1000; brand new building;
3 handsome flata. 6 rooms and bath each; fin-
ished in latest style, with every modern con-
venience; north of and close to Market «t. ;
large lot; accepted street: splendid sun and
light; price reduced to make quick sale; .owner
must have money: best investment on our
books.
$5000 — Presidio Heights residence; nice new
! house; swell neighborhood; large lot; get per-
i mit and see this at once.
• ELEGANT FLATS ON PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
$0250— Rents $90O per annum; new, modern
I flats; beamed ceilings; mahogany doors; street
• bltuminized.
] 55UOO=-Rents $45; double house of 6 and.S
rooms and bath; also stable; large lot, 65 feet j
frontare. near Market and 16th; a bargain;
see this at once.
I $2750— Cottage In Mission; handy to two
t lines of cars; 7 rooms and bath; modern; sta- :
! ble; 25x114.
MISSION FLATS— A BARGAIN.
$5500— Two flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath; lot
37x80, with 2 frontages; also stable; positively
the best buy on the market.
FLATS NEAR DUBOCE PARK.
$7000 — Two brand new flats, 5 rooms and
bath each, near Duboce Park. Thess flats axe
nicely finished and In a good neighborhood.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery at.
GREAT BIG LOTS.
, EASY TERMS.
Near the station in Mill Valley. Why bay a
small let In a poor neighborhood when you can
secure a flne large lot same distance from your
work, surrounded by desirable neighbors, splen-
did climate, flne water, schools, etc.? Call or
write for Illustrated booklet, prices, etc.
* LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
NEW SUBDIVISION
NEW SUBDIVISION
$1400 TO $2250
$1400 TO $2250
EASY TERMS
The beautiful new block bounded by Duboce
ave.. Devisadero, 14th and Castro sts. is now
ready for sale. The streets are all made.
Devisadero st., Duboce ave. and 14th st. are
sewered, bituminized and granite curbed.
Don't delay. See this property at once.
Houses are already built or in course of
erection. A few lots are already sold.' so go
to-day and see the property and secure your
choice (there la always a choice).
No property in the city so close to town for
the money. Lots twice the distance are selllnc
for aa much more. Remember they command
flne viewsi as they are slightly elevated; the
bills to the west protect it and make it the
warmest spot in the city. Good neighborhood
and tine surroundincs. Near Duboce Park.
Kasy terms, one-fifth cash, balanoe in 2, 3
and 4 years, or will make them to suit you.
Take Halght-street cars, get oft at Scott or
Devlsadero st; land two blocks distant. Branch
office on the property; open daily including
Sundays, from 11 to 4. Don't delay.
LYON & HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY 8T.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648 Market atreet.
$6,200 — S aunny well-built up-to-date flats;
rented very low. $660: on Webster st.
near Halght; lot 25x97.
$6,250— 2-story residence, 9 rooms and bath;
high basement; sanitary plumbing; brick
foundation; lot 25x137:6; on Grove st.
$7,000 — 3 modern up-to-date well-built flats,
renting very low for $720; on north side
of Golden Gate ave.; lot 25x125.
$9,200— Rents $1100; three modern flats on
"Waller street.^
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
$S.75O— Store, 3 flats; in excellent condition;
i . on a 17th-st. corner, between Valencia
and Castro; this district is growing with
wonderful rapidity: large lot, 2Sxl00;
rents $870 per annum.
$0,000 — 2 modern flats on 16th St., near Mar-
ket; lot 25x115; rents $643 per annum.
$8,250 — 2-story residence on Post st, near
Polk; lot 120 feet deep to rear street.
$30,000 — Make offer; 58:9x120; Geary st., near
Polk.
$40,000—45x120; Sutter at. near Larkin.
$5.500— Make offer; 3 flats, 6-6-6 rooms each;
rented low, $600: on Clementina nr. 6th.
$6,750 — Elegant modern residence. 9 rooms and
large stable in rear: lot 28:6»ixl37:6;
good-sized L; near Pierce and Califor-
nia; Is great big value.
$7,700 — 2 stores, 4 flats; on the businesa por-
tion of Pacific at.; the present rents,
$984, are very low and can be greatly
increased; lot 48:6 feet frontage.
KLEGANT DOWNTOWN FLATS.
$lC,00-> — Three new modern flats; up to date in
all the latest details; !• rooms, bath, etc.;
half block from St. Mary's Cathedral:
rents over $1900; lot 25x137:6; one of
the best buys on the market.
A GREAT INVESTMENT.
$110,000 — A well-known/ 6-story brick hotel;
130 rooms, restaurant, barroom, etc. ; 2
blocks north of Market St.; close in;
leased for 9 years at $8289 n«t per an-
num—lease secured; tenant makes all
impairs: pays water, etc.
MISSION BOULEVARD FLATS.
$10,000 — 4 modern flats, 6 rooms and bath; on
Dolores St., near 18th; proposed park;
rents $1000; lot 50x125.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 645 Market street.
WHY don't you make a atart if you have any
intentions of owning your own home and
thus rid yourself of paying rent? Does.lt
not look Inviting to you to apply the money
for a shelter for yourself and family, in-
stead of throwing it away on a bunch of
rent receipts? Consult the ones who have
made the change which wa are suggesting
to you and they will tell you they blesa the
day when they made the atart in that di-
rection. Come to see us; we will outline the
plan for you, which you cannot help but ac-
cept. WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO., Home
Providers, 616 Sacramento st.
ONLY A FEV." LEFT.
$1 25 PEE WEEK. ./
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard . table; on atreet
prade; close to flne school; 'not far from tha
Mission- it. electric cars: secure one as an
Investment and by the time It Is patd for it
will have doubled In value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive In thia
rapidly growing aectlon.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery at, r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
FOR sale — Residence, 6 rooms, bath, servants'
room, conservatory, large basement: yard for
cow; chicken house; 3 minutes from 4 car
lines; 1% blocks from park entrance; all as
ccod as new; oDen to-day from 10:30 to 4.
650 9th ave.. bet. B and C. Richmond Dlst.
CORNER on O'Farrell st. ; well In; 3 flne flats;
rents $170 per month; 30x110.
Pine st; 3 elegant flats; pays 11 Vj per
cent; 26x137.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st.
BAKER BEACH MARINE VIEW LOTS —
West Clay . st.. bet. 25th and 26th aves. ;
unobstructed view of bay; only flve of these
choice lots for sale.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
THREE beautiful new flats' for aale on corner
ot ISth and Diamond sts.. bringing in rents
that will pay for themsalves In a few years.
Address D. CONDON, builder, 22O',4 Fulton.
RICHMOND DISTRICT HOME—
7 rooms; 2 story; modern; fashionable neigh-
borhood; with or without furniture; must
eell. 410 Kearny. room 9.
$4500 — MODERN house; 2 flats; 11 rooms; must
sell; mortgage;' every room sunny; lot 2Cx
114. 184 Clipper st. cor. Sanchea.
6 FLATS on corner; half block north of Mar-
ket: lot 50x80; 6 rooms each; rents $150 per
I month: price $13,500. 410 Kearny,-. room 9.
WESTERN ADDITION; 3 FLATS; lot 27:8
xlOO: modern; -7 rooms; rent $107 60; price
$13,600. 410 Kearny. room ».
HOUSE, 7 rooms; lot 20x60; south' of Market;
quick Bale; price $1500. 410 Kearny, room 9.
5 ROOMS: 1%-story cottage; bath; • modern;
$2400. Box 691. Call office/
SAN BRUNO Park lots for sale cheap. 6m
BEK1NS.' 1016 Broadway. Oakland.... . ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, < ; 190*.
39
ALAMEDA ADVERTCTT3
ALAMEDA BEAIi ESTATE.
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
I5\ 1*AYI RENT /
BY PAYING RENT? '
BY PAYING RENT?
WE GUARANTEE YOU A SAVING BY
PURCHASING A HOUSE AND LOT.
WHAT HAVE "WE FOR SALE?
EVERY KIND OF PROPERTY FROM $100
LOTS TO A MANSION. WE OFFER THE
BEST TERMS. WE. BUILD THE BEST
HOMES. OUR INFORMATION IS THE BEST.
OUR TRANSACTIONS THE MOST RELI-
ABLE. AND WE ARE ALWAYS PLEASED
TO OFFER YOU EVERY OPPORTUNITY
FOR INVESTIGATING BEFORE PURCHAS-
ING.
LOOK OVER OUR LIST.
INSPECT OUR HOMES.
GET OUR PRICES.
BEAUTIFUL AND MODERN HOMES. PER-
FECT IN ARRANGEMENTS. CHARMINGLY
SITUATED, LOCATIONS IDEAL. PURCHASE!
TO-DAY. PROCRASTINATION 18 THE
THIEF OF TIME.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE IS SOUND.
SOLID AND DAILY ADVANCING.
A FEW BARGAINS. GET ONE AND LIVE
IN COMFORT AMIDST NATURE'S HAND-
SOME GIFTS, WITH EVERY POSSIBLE AT-
TRACTION WITHIN HER REACH WASHED
ON HER BEAUTIFUL SANDY BEACH BY
THE WATERS OF THE BAY.
$1500 buys a 5-room house; good lot.
$2200 buys a flne 6-room house; a snap.
$2500 buys an elegant cottage; lot 50x159.
$3000 buys a beautiful cottage; lot 40x100.
$3500 buys an elegant 7-room house.
$4250 buys a beautiful modern 8-room house.
$4250 buys an elegant S-room house; flne loca-
tion.
$5500 buys a modern home, 8 rooms and bath;
corner lot.
SPECIAL: SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
POSITIVELY MUST BE SOLD.
FIRST COMER GKTS ONE OF THE BIG- '<
GEST BARGAINS EVER OFFERED TO THE
PUBLIC.
COST S20.000.
WILL BE SACRIFICED FOR i
*7500.
COME AND SEE THIS PROPERTY. THE
FINEST CORNER LOT IN ALAMEDA: LOT,
75x187; HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS AND BATHS.
FURNACE AND ALL MODERN IMPROVE-
MENTS.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
150<> PARK ST.
TEL. ALAMKDA 4!H). ALAMEDA.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION:
BARGAINS: LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
GENUINE BARGAINS.
5-room cottaee on Ninth *t., near station;
lot 1:5x120; only $1400. , •
WATER FRONT PROPERTY.
SUITABLE FOR SUMMER RESORT. BATH-
ING, ETC.
One of the finest 10-room residences; lot
about 200 feet front by 5r>0 feet in depth; Ma-
ble, windmill, etc.: 1 block from station.
A flne home on Regent »t. ; flne garden; lot
50x150: near Park station.
A beautiful home; lot 80x110; all modern;
new stable, etc.
TWO BARGAINS.
5-room cottase: lot 50x125; $1300.
5-room cottage; lot 25x150: $1300.
' FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
$50 DOWN, BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS,
33:4x125 TO 35x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION,
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
I HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
I FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE.
1400 WEBSTER ST.. ALAMEDA.
WHEN YOU GLANCE AT THIS AD MAKE
UP YOUR MIND TO READ IT CAREFULLY.
BPACS PROHIBITS ENUMERATION, SO
IK YOU DON'T SEE HERE WHAT YOU
ARE LOOKING FOK, WRITE OR CALL
ON US.
WE GUARANTEE YOU SATISFACTION.
OUR PAST RECORD IS OUR BEST REC-
OMMENDATION.
$1200 — This is a property that must be sold
at once; house of 4 rooms; lot ."5:1:3x100.
iiew — Excellent cottage of 4 rooms and re-
ception hall: well built; lot 25x150, in flne and
good location.
$475" — One of the best buys in Alameda;
house of S rooms and bath: lot 103x.l50; lawns,
vine?, shade trees tend to make this one of
the hwellest homes in California; cheap.
$3.~»<H) — Swell modern C-room cottage In the
swellest part of Alameda: ."><>-foot lot; terms.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
The leading and Reliable Agents.
1422 PARK ST..
Salesman in Office To-day.
CHAS. ADAMS & CO. ~
A GREAT BARGAIN.
Cottage, 5 large rooms, open plumbing: lot
08x150; barn, 2 box stall?, loft will store five
tons hay; elegant grounds and driveway; price
$3C50.
A SNAP.
Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
50x110; flne grounds; $2500.
For sale In swell location on Morton st. : two
2-«tory houses; one of 9 and one of 8 rooms
and bath; Ideal homes and up-to-date In every
particular; lots 40x150; $(500 and $4200.
Also flne drug business, with lease for ten
years; income $20 per day; at $3500.
CHAS. ADAMS & CO..
BAY STATION.
ALAMEDA, CAL.
HOLLY & CO.
$3000 — Two- story 7-room house, with high
basement; finished modern; up to date; in
eUgant location near Grand-st. station; flne
lawn; an ideal home; a sacrifice on account
of owner leaving
$0000 — Modern house of 6 rooms upstairs
and 4 downstairs; billiard room, cellar, wind-
mill, barn and gas plant: lot 59x140
$1COO— Six-room cottage; lot 25x115; ba-
tween railroads; near 2 stations; on prin-
cipal avenue.
Building lots in all parts of town — all
prices.
HOLLY & CO., 2313 Santa Clara ave.
$75C0 — HOUSE of 12 rooms: S. E. cor. Grand
wt. and 'Alameda ave.: 75 feet on Grand by
138 on Alameda ave.; also lot in rear, 45 feet
on Alameda ave. by 150 feet deep.
$2200 — 2-story house of 8 rooms and barn;
54x120; cast sltfe of Sixth st.. 80 feet north
of Taylor ave.; 1434 Sixth tt.
$3250 — Two-story house, south line of Enci-
nal ave,, 148 feet east of Union st. . 1812
Kneinal ave.
, FORECLOSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
Almost new 8-room house; fine marine view;
house is thoroughly modern; porcelain bath,
'etc.; cement basement: $3000.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
The Leading and Reliable Agents.
1422 PARK ST.
13 ACRES, tide lands; large line of flne lots
$300 to $2000 each. '
SPLENDID HOMES AT YOUR OWN PRICE.
Cottage, 5 rooms, ga«. etc., $1250.
Cottage, 6 rooms; choicest corner in Ala-
meda; only $35C0. .
Call and look at our great bargains.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 PARK ST.
$1000 FOR a flne cottage, 5 rooms; lot 50x150.
$2500 — Nearly new 5-room cottage; lot lOOx
1500: choice location.
$3000 — New 2-story house, 7 rooms; corner lot:
choice location. ', ,
HAWKS & MEHRLU. Webster and R. R. ave.
A ' GREAT BARGAIN. T~
Lot 47x115; sunny side of street; south of
Central ave., between Morton and Endna.1 sta-
tions; nrtce $950.
J. S. HANLEY, 1310 Park «t.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; lot 25x125. 1412 Ninth st.
$1000 If sold at once.
I J. S. HANLBT. 1810 Park at.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'M'TS
ALAMEDA BEAL 2 STATE. ..
*^ s ~XlameBa~prope^t ; y!
Finest home city on the coast; lots for sale,
houses for sale or rent. ELMER E. JOHN-
SON, 2333 Santa Clara ave.
$1050 — BUY home in Alameda; 7-room house;
s large lot: fruit, flowers; great bargain, j
Owner. 21 Spear st.. upstairs. San Francisco.
FOR sale — Fine fi-rocm cottage, -now building:
lot 50x108. Call and see it at 1530 Union
. St.. Alameda. ¦ j
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY SEAL ESTATE.
~ I
FOR INVESTMENT.
$2200 — Modern bungalow, 5 rooms, bath, etc.;
gas and electric; lot 35x115; above Tele-
graph; cash $200, balance $25 monthly;
rented for J2O and water extra. (1S77). !
$2f.0O — Pretty shingled bungalow, 5 rooms,
bath, etc.; lot 40x130; street work and!
cement walks done: Main ave., near I
Dwlght way station; rents for $22 5<». I
(1845). :
$3^.00 — Commodious 2-story colonial house, 8 I
. rooms, bath, etc.; cor. lot, 52x108, on
Grove, near Dwight way; rents for $30. I
(185D). |
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$6000 — Two stores on main business street at '
South Berkeley; rented to good tenants at '
$45 monthly. (1914).
$&HX) — Three stores on main street at South i
Berkeley; rented to gooa tenants at $50
monthly. (1006).
H. D. IRWIN, Lorln station, South Berkeley.!
Open Sundays. Carriages in attendance. I
FOR SALE. |
$1600 — Nearly new bungalow. 6 rooms, bath, i
etc.; lot 30x110; cash, $200; balance easy i
payments: u»24). !
$2250— Modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath, etc.; ;
high basement; lot 38x135; street work '
done; 3 minutes from this station; cash, j
$250, and f2o monthly. (1922).
$240O— Cottage, u large rooms, bath, etc. ; high j
basement; lot 4oxl(X>; improved street; 1 '
block from station; cash. (lhO'J). |
$2050 — New cottage. 0 rooms, batli, etc. ; com-
bination fittings; frescoed, ceilings; lot
40x135; street work and cement walks •
done; near station; cash $non. UiH)0>. i
$2<iSo — Well built cottage, 0 large rooms, bath,
etc.; high batrmeiu; " lot o(ixl."i, r i; street j
work done; nice home in gooil condition •
throughout. <l!>01).
$320>> — Nearly new attractive 2-story colonial
house, 7 looms, bath, etc.; lot -Hxlltt !
street work and cement walks done; guod
street, 2 minutes from station. ustOi). I
$3500 — New 2-story colonial house, six tine
rooms, bath, etc.; all modern improve-
ments; lot 37x122; improved street; good
location: cash. ilMXi).
$3£0O — Charming residence, S well ar-
ranged rooms, bath, etc.; paneled recep-
tion and dining rooms: lot OOxlOtf! strert
work and cement walks done; lawn ami
gar.ien; Ideal location: main avenue off
College ave.; cash. (1025).
' $5500 — Df-slrable foothill property; modern cot-
tage, S rine room:", bath, etc.; high bassr-
ment; stable and carriage-house; well
|. and city water; with 1 acre of land on
College ave. (1SU9).
I H. D. IKUIN. Lorin station. South Berkeley.
Open Sunday?. Carriages in attendance. j
I A GOOD INVESTMENT. i
! Lot -"0x150; street work and cement sidewalk
done: '1 minutes from Ashby station; has
upon It pretty cottage of 4 ruoms with elec— I
trie light, bath, baaement and porch; also
small oottase in rear ccntainlnK 4 rooms,
etc., rented for $11 monthly; matn cottage
would r*-nt readily for *15; price only $220u.
i H. 1>. IRWIN. Lorin station. South Berke-
! ley.
j IJKAL BARGAINS IN BERKELEY BUILD-
ING LOTS AXli HUMES.
$450 — Lot COxSiO; south front; paved street;
near Key Route.
$600 — lx>t 5uxl30; paved street: near U. C.
and Key.
$850 — Lot 50x1 CO; corner; both streets
paved; near L" C and Key.
$000 — Sightly west tron^ lot, 50x135, on
Grove tt.
! $1,350 — Beautiful corner lot, 45x122; ' west
front; on (Jrove st.
i $l,CoO — Choice building lot: east of Shattuck; I
close to university and trains.
i $1,850 — A bunch *bf four good lots on paved
street: only three blocks from Dwight- i
way stiitli'n.
$£,200 — Modern Hve-room cottage: nearly new;
large corner lot; paved streets. i
| $3.200 — 7 rooms; new; modern; sunny; slght-
: ly situation: near station.
* $3,800 — 7 room*: modern: nearly new; pan-
! ¦ eled dining-room; corner lot; near
i Dwlght and Telegraph; owner anxious
; to sell; price cut.
j $4,500 — S rooms; new; elegant finish; good
basement; choice location; fine views;
east of Shattuck; near station.
j $5,000 — S rooms; an attractive, modern home;
: handsome grounds; choice location: near
university; must be sold: make offer.
; $11.0W) — A large corner lot In business section;
part of ground built on: leased; annual
income $775; this Is the best bargain
offred In Berkeley business property,
j LYMAN ALLKN. 2V.J0 Center st.
i SEB US AT ONCE.
THIS PLACE FOR ONE. WEEK ONLY.
A fine 0-roora house on lot 40x135 for $2200;
?2<0 down. $15 monthly payments.
A nice corner lot with fine 6-room house;
$250 down, $25 per month.
i One, of the nicest homes in Berkeley, finely
! furn'fhed, for rent.
; Two brand new houses of 6 rooms, three
[blocks from Berkeley station: $2Ufl0 each, $25
i monthly payments.
We have a beautiful home for sale for $3500
which is worth fSOOO; must be seld at once;
part cf house finished In oak. rest in hard-
wood; lot 75x150; fruit trees, vines, etc.
A beautiful n-;w house of S rooms In the
j finest location In Berkeley for $1750; brand
I now; easy terms.
| A 4-room cottaee upon a lot 50x132 for $!)00:
i the lot Is worth more than selling price; $£50
' down, r«-st easy terms.
! K you have -i. small amount of money to
1 Invest, call and .see us; we will do the rest.
Insurance solicited; rents collected.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM, , !
2131 Center st. |
A FEW EXCEPTIONALLY FINE PLACES !
FROM OLR EXTENSIVE AND INDIVID-
UAL LIST. , !
"WE SELL THE EARTH." ;
!
! $2t>25 — Dainty little 5-room cottage; gas and
, electric lleht: investigate; terms.
! $.1150 — Fine 0-room house In the newest and
most modern part of town.
$3750 — New and modern 0-room house, near
McKltiley School, university and stations.
$4000 — Elegant 8-room house; fine location;
fuel sas in cvsry room; beautifully fin-
ished; finest plumbing and hardware.
$5500 — New S-room house on NE. corner; fine
place; worth Investigating.
i $C500— Fine 8-room house, beautifully situated
so «h to command an unobstructed vi»w
of bay and hills; price would be cut to
.*m.ko b. quick sale for cash.
We have some elegant business properties.
Consult us regarding them. Automobile or
carriage In attendance.
JUSTBR & BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck ave.
$300 CASH will build a handsome, modern 5-
room house on a pretty street In a well
location, balance can be paid. at rate of
$20 uer month, ' Including interest; total
only ?22.
$1900 — 0-room house; high basement: on main
street: up to date in every respect; street
work completed; close to cars.
$2000 — Handsome new 5-room cottage; 3 bay-
windows; *ras In every room; tinted
throughout: street work complete; lot 40x
130 and 4 feet above street; close to Kej
route and S. P. station; Vi block from
street cars.
$3500 — Fine larg,e 8-room house with basement;
corner lot; street work complete; In heart
of Lorln: handy to all cars; owner's in-
structions are to refuse no reasonable of-
fer.
$4000^ — New Rtore and flat building; all rented,
for ?37 50 uer month; flne business loca-
tion at K»y route and S. P. Co.'s station;
great snap; only 51500 cash required.
C. C. EMSLIE. the Ashby-ave. Real Estate
Dealer. Open Sundays from 12 to 2.
COTTAGE of 5. rooms and bath; corner lot
30x122; one block from Telegraph ave.; must
be sold: make offer.
13C0 feet of. frontage on. the mam line of
R. R. with sidetracks, in West Berkeley:
runs to edce of water front; am instructed to
sell, or rr.lcht exchange for good ranch; this
Is especially valuable as a manufacturing site,
or has a «:reat future value.
Hav* a special bargain on Dwlght way run-
ning through to Blake nt, 40x200, that must
be sold; no reasonable offer refused.
Also 40x132 Just west of Grove st. in the
same condition.
. • WARREN CHENEY, V
Postofflce block, Berkeley Station.
$3500 — BARGAIN: large lot and sun In It, too;
G rooms with bath, laundry and cellar; mod-
ern: $600 ca9h,~ balance easy; close In; fin-
ished street. See GILLIHAN at Cheney &
Berry's, P. O. Block, Berkeley.
TWO beautiful new. houses, 6 and 9 rooms:
centrally located; , owner needs money -and
will sacrifice one; part cash and balance
easy payments. • Box 1347, Call office, Oak-
land.
$2000— SIX good-sized rooms, large bath, pan-
try and laundry, all' on one floor; street work
and cement sidewalks all done; plum, prune
.and pear trees; the view is flne; lot 40x135;
only 3 minutes from steam cars. See owner
< 1325. Henry St., Berkeley,; Cal. '
$5500r-FINE . new 8-room bungalow cottage;
everything "modern; lot 65x135; street work
-all done; half block to street car, 3% blocks
to train to San Francisco; fine view; a snap;
¦ buy ; from owner and save commission. Box
105, Berkeley. Cal. -
FRUITVALE ADVERT'S'TS
PBU IT VALE BEAL ESTATE.
EI«ROD & HULL.
47— $400; chicken ranch; the chicken houses,
ircubatort. brooders and houses, chicken
hcuses, etc., for sale; 1 acre of land and a 5-
rocm house for rent for $10 per month; live)
years' lease.
46— $60O: chicken ranch: 250 chickena; 6OO
pigeons; large flying facilities: 11 chicken
hruses and yards; all necessary tools; 3 acres
of land and u-rocm cottage, with bath, for rent
for $12 per month, on 3 years' lease.
4S— $1200; chicken ranch; 150O chickens;
hcuses and yards for accommodating a cre^t
many more; flne brooder, house; Incuba'urs;
horse and wagon; for rent. 6 acres of good
land, mostly in fruit; 2 windmills on place: rt-
room house at $25 per month; this is a fine
poultry farm.
5 — *205O: a 7-room house furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: 1 block from car line:
2 blocks from school: flowers and fruit In
abundance; lot 37:6x137.
10 — $25«H>; a flne 5-room bungalow. Just fin-
ished; up-to-date In every respect; lt» min-
utes' walk from local station; lot 50x155; $."•«.>
cash; balance same as rent.
72 — $3U<H>; a ti-roum house: new
sewer; city water: gas: electricity: street work
dore; 1 block from car line and school; li>
minutes' walk to local station; lot 5<)xl.~>o;
$500 cash, balance, on easy terms.
17— $1400; 4-room house; high basement;
b; th: wash trays; $300 cash, balance flat loan;
lot 60x110.
$700; building lot en Bray ave.: sewer: city
wcter; cement walks; fruit on lot; 60x125.
$6UOO; 6 acres cf land; 1 acre In full-bearing
fruit; house of 5 rooms; windmill and tank;
1 block from car line; the land is good for
vegetables and flowers.
$6000; a 7-room house; windmill and tank;
water piped over place; fine barn; some fruit;
house commands magnificent view; * acres
of good land.
$S5O; a 3-room house: connected with matn,
sewer; city water; this Dlaee Is located 4
blocks from Fruitvale local station.
Buy in Fruitvalt; commutation ticket* only
$3 per month to olty. .
ELROD & HULL, 1310 Fruitvale ave., lvj
blocks from station; phona Brook. 1691.
5100O— 3-ROOM modern house and lot.
*110O — 4-room modern house and lot; $100 cash,
balance on easy payments.
$2500 — Handsome modern 7-room home; flae
grounds and walks; half block from elec-
tric cars; lot 120x115.
13000— Modern 10-room house; cost 1 year ar>
over J5000.
ELMHURST REALTY CO.. Elmhurst.
H. BARKMEYER.
1206 Fruitvale ave.. Frultvale Station. Cal.
$450— Small house of 2 rooms, summer kitchen,
good well and pump, stable; lot SOzlOO;
situated '2 blocks from srraded school and
3 blocks from electric car line; $100 down.
$9 a month.
$600— Good, substantial cottage of 4 rooms:
lot 45x102; extra flne dug well, 80 feet
deep; convenient to school; high eleva-
tion; $300 cash down.
$1250— New cottage of 4 rooms; hard finished
pantry, closets, etc.; good well and pump
on back porch: let 50x300. fronting on 2
streets; 3 blocks from car line; terms ir
desired.
$250 cash, balance $12 per month; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; high basement:
lot 60x110; fronting on two streets; high
elevation: convenient to schools; price all
told $1350.
$1875— Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath, largo
pantry, closets, etc.; high basement; lot
50x135; nice flowers and fruit troes, barn,
and buggy shed, driveway, etc.; near car
line: in walking distance to local trains;
worth investigating.
$2200 — Almost new cottage of 4 large room<*
and bath; all modern; pantry, closets,
etc.. electric light, city water, also gooa
well, small barn: lot 75x155; variety of
flowers and fruit trees In bearlni ; fine
location; convenient to school and car
line; terms if desired.
$2350— Desirable home; cottage of 4 larga
rooms, reception hall, closet*, pantry, etc. :
high basement; lot ft4x3S0. la bearing
orchard: on macadamized road: near
school; reasonable terms if desired.
$C0OO— Ideal country home; 3 s ; acres of cholc*
land, variety of fruit trees In bearing: fin*
lawn, flowers and large palms; modern
cottage of 5 large rooms and bath; por-
celain bath tub; fine mantel and fireplace;
folding doors, etc.: high basement: two-
story rustic barn, extra good well, wind-
mill and tank: all In flrst-class condition.
Bee these before buying elsewhere, they ar»
bargains. For particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER.
Near Fruitvale Station. Cal.
FRUITVALE. BUY IN FRUITVALE.
We are exclusive agents for Sather tract:
5 minutes' walk to local station; more than
40 cottages lately erected.
New cottages, ready for occupancy, we scil
on terms If desired, or ptck cut your lot and
build to suit your own Ideas; will assist you in
plans, making loans, etc.
Lots In Hemphill tract; lots in Linda Park;
one or two acre tracts.
Exclusive agents for Sather property In Ata-
meda. Call at our new office. See our largo
list.
SALISBURY & YOUNG.
Entrance, rcom CR. Bacon block.
OAKLAND. <Take elevator.)
~ SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK.
The terminus cf 5-cent fare. Haywards car*;
streets graded and graveled: stone sidewalk*:
depot on. tract; lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash,
and balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandri>
road; graded school on tract. Apply to S. 3.
AUSTIN. -1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
OAKLAND APVERT ? S'MT3
O- ICE. 1018 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAL ESTATE.
A J. SNYDER.
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER.
4tJ7 NINTH STREET.
OAKLAND. CALIF.
$2600. ONLY $500 'DOWN.
BALANCE AS RENT.
LOT 50x100.
36th st.. bet. Grove and Telegraph.
$3750. REDUCED FROM $+250.
ONLY $750 DOWN.
BALANCE AS RENT.
LOT 40x185.
Santa Clara ave.. nr Oakland avev
, $1750. SMALL PAYMENT DOWN.
NEW AND MODERN IN EVERY; •
PARTICULAR.
. LOT 40x110.
31st st.. bet. Telegraph and Grove.
$5250. $5250. $5250.
New and modern, 7 rooms and bath.
Finished in Oregon yellow pine.
Dining-room has beam ceiling.
Cozy corners throughout house.
Artistically constructed den.
Inlaid floors.
Dining-room finished In veneered blue myrtle.
Beautiful plate leaded glass windows.
NO EXPENSE HAS BEEN SPARED TO
MAKE THIS PLACE THOROUGHLY MOD-
ERN AND UP-TO-DATE. SITUATED A9
IT IS ON THE NICEST RESIDENCE STRTe-T
IN OAKLAND. THIRTY-FIRST STREET.
I BETWEEN THE TWO BEST CROpS
STREETS. TELEGRAPH AVENUE AND
GROVE STREET.
IT 13 BOUND TO COMMEND ITSELF TO
THE MOST FASTIDIOUS: LOT 40x140, OR
MORE- GROUND MAY BE HAD IF DE-
¦ ' * *Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
467 Ninth street. Oakland.
$3750—- Reduced from $45CO for a quick sale;
this property must and will be sold; new
colonial housje of 7 rooms, bath; lot 50x
125; neighborhood first class and con-
venient to Key route station, between
Telegraph ave. and Broadway; terms only
$750 cash, balance mortgage: space Is too
I expensive to describe this property as 1;
should be; to see it means to buy it anl
to fully appreciate it both aa a bargain,
and a home. g
10C2 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
BARGAIN — $500 cash, balance $30 monta: 0
r. and b.: laundry, pantry, electric lights:
gas for cooking; lot 40x140; close to Key
route station; price $35U0. Owner, 824 Thtrty-
elsbth st.
$6250— BEAUTIFUL new S-room house oh
choice East Oakland corner. 60x100; every
modern convenience; elegant hardwood flnlstx
throughout: 2 reception rooms, flae cement
basement; close to schools, churches and car
Uces; easy terms.
B. H. WELCH & CO..
- Fifth ave. and Eighteenth st.. Oakland.
FOR sale cheap by owner — An attractive snnny
cottage. 5 rooms, porcelain bath and sink,
gas fixtures, etc.; lot 45x100; between Broad-
way and Telegraph ave.. west sld«' Sliver St..
near Mess ave.. No. 3753: 5 minutes' wallc
to "Key" route station: price $2100.
$3000 — 6-ROOM house and barn: corner 11th
f ave. and 23d St.. East Oakland.
; $ISOO— Cottage adjoining above; must ba
sold to close- estate. Make offer to DR. F.
G. BAIRD, Administrator. 602 Sutter st.,S.F.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
j dents See Face 40.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY BEAL ESTATE.
JLJLJupSc
. *» . '"> "3 'jfcf
Building lots at Dwlght way station, Berke-
ley, fronting on Shattuck ave.. Ward. Derby,
Fulton and Ellsworth sts. ; street work com-
plete sewered, graded and macadamized:
splendid surroundings; new buildings: on line
or Southern Pacific and Key route; lots 50x
134:6 each; prices $S0O to $1100 each; terms
If you want them.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Sole Agents,
25 Post st., San Francisco.
ALBEE & CORYELL.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATES.
$1 000 — 5-r cottage near cor. Ashby ave. and
San Pablo; larce lot.
$1.550 — 5-r. cottage; Delaware St.; $250 cash,
balance as rent.
$2,400—5-^ cottage near Ashby ave.: $500
• ca«h. easy terms on balance.
$3,500 — 7-r. house; new; sunny and central
location; large lot; $500 cash, balance
as rent.
$1,000— S-r house; new; Walnut st. ; fronts
the bay; desirable location for a home.
$5,5fio — 10-r. house; Bancroft way; south
frontage; near U. C.
$7,500 — 10-r. house and barn; Durant ave.:
south frontage; large lot; best location.
$G0O— Residence lot near station; street
work completed.
$2.4CO will buy 80 tt.. 2 residence lots, on
Ulake St.. bet. Dana and Ellsworth; a
real srap'.
$1,250 buys lot. 50x148, Berry-Bangs Tract;
' most desirable location.
$2,100 buys flr.e residence corner, frontlnj
> «outl: and east. In Berry-Bangs Tract;
a bargain! <
Resld'-r.ce lots in all parts of Berkeley.
SM.0O0 — Business property: pays 6 per cent net.
?.''.O.0OC — Business property: pays 6 per cent n«t.
SIS. 500 — Best available business lot in the city.
$2:$,(K>O — Uest available business corner In tha
ALBEE & CORYELL.
2130 Center st., Berkeley, Cal.
NF.AR the university grounds; well-built
hc.ise of 8 rooms; lot 52x.l5'J:tt; street work all
done; MIJST BK SOLD.
.New hous« of 7 rooms: pretty as a picture;
car line passes side of house; should be in- |
spected.
Fine house of 9 rooms; stable: stone wall;
lot 70x136; near Key route cars.
New house of <i rooms, about 800 fe»t from
Key route station,
ONLY $.5500.
ti acres of land with cottage, large barn, etc.;
In the center of town; THKRE'S MONEY IN
IT.
Just the place for chickens; 210x100; CAN
BK HAD FOR ?750.
J. J. MASON. Ke:>.I Estate, Berkeley Station, j
HOPKINS TERRACE. j
"•:t lota have .already been sold. The only 1
mistake you can make is letting this oppor- !
tunity. slip for Investment or home site. You
should cr.ll at once and make your selection.
Procrastination is the thief of this opportu-
nity.
JOS. J. MASON. Acent. Berkeley Station.
?275O— NT-W C-room housi on Channing way; !
s'.reet work done: electric lights, fuel gas; !
3 blocks irem Dwight-way station; this j
!s a great bargain. ;
$4C00 — New 7-rocin house on corner; lot 47 feet 1
frontage; best of plumbing; solid brass I
hardware and fittings; flne view; on street .
¦ar line; near station: this Is choice. , |
$3ir>0 — U-rocm house; tinted .walls, fine fixtures,
test plumblne and hardware; street work '
finished; near Hi£h School; a snap.
$4000— Special for one week; 7-room house |
1 .._ near. Dwight way: south frontage; best of
fixtures and hardware.
F. H. LAWTON.
! 2147 Center St.. Berkeley. Cal.
! REALLY GOOD REAL ESTATE. ON WHICH
; YOU CAN REALIZE.
$50 cash buys a $375 lot; finely located: don't
miss It.
! If you want a country home within 30 mln-
¦ utes of the city see'thls bargain; 4 acres; »-
i rcom modern house; orchard; meadow; sta-
( bles: running water; beautiful trees of all
1 kinds: sacrificed at $0000; house alone cost
' $10,000.
1 W. C. MORAN. Lorin Station,
South Berkeley.
$100 TO $500 — Now is the opportunity to se- !
1 cure a lot In Berkeley at a very low figure; '
: $25 to $j0 down and easy monthly payments.
I W. J. MORTIMER & CO.. 2123 Center st.,
' Berkeley Station.
: $1650— FINE double lot In the Wheeler Tract;
1 grand view.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO..
I - Berkeley Station.
A FINE 7-room home in the Scenic Park; own-
er going East; must be snld; a bargain.
W. J. MORTIMER,
2123 Center st., Berkeley.
: $2500 — COTTAGE 5 rooms; lot 50x135; near
1 station; terms.
j $1600 — Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 50x135; near
j station..
$1750— Cottage, 5 rooms; lot 40x100; near
1 station; $750 .cash, balance rent '|
$?00— Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 35x120; $2C0
1 cash, $15 month.
S20C0 — Cottage. 5 rooms; lot 33x118; corner;
: flne location: 2 blocks from Key route or S. P. i
; station; $:i0O cash. $20 month.
Also 6. 7 and S room two- story houses, $3000
to $4000. on terms to suit. We will build
you an elaborate home or a modest cottage;
your terms are otirs.
; HEDEMARK & JACK CO., 11 Montgomery,
and Lorin. South Berkeley.
: A BARGAIN. "
$5500— Cottage, 0 rooms, bath, large stable, 2
' lots, 100x135; many ornamental shade
trees, 14 bearing fruit trees, 1000 square
; feet of lawn: in Rood location near Key
; Route. Pee owner at our office. HEDE-
MARK & JACK CO.. Lorin. Berkeley.
I . __ ; ; ¦
j $3000— 7-room cottage, new; large lot; also
lVt acres adjoining for rent.
1 $4000 — 8-room house, new, on Parker st., near
; Ellsworth.
, $5500 — 8-room house, large lot, on Benvenue
avenue.
i $400 — 1 to 4 acres, adjoining the university
! grounds, at $400 per acre.
I $600— Fine lot. Bateman tract, 40x120; one
block from College ave. ; street work done:
must be sold.
R. A. BERRY & COMPANY,
Postofflce Block,
BERKELEY.
i $1000— BEAUTIFUL lot on Garber St., near
! College ave., 61x102: this is $200 under the
i market value, but the owner roust sell.
! F. F. PORTER, 46ft Eighth st., Oakland.
I ' '
HAVE you made a visit to the McGee tract?
Please accent an honest "pointer"^ take a
good ¦ look < over the tract and I j'ou will be
sure to find bargains: close to the high
school and convenient to main Berkeley depot
of the Key route and S. P. trains, the uni-
versity and principal stores.
FRANCIS FERRIER,
'2121 Shattuck ave.
J FOR sale — New aad : nearly new houses from
'. $1800 to $20,000: lots from $250 to $7Q0Ot .we
: can sell you a | desirable lot .1 blocks from
1 .Dwight-way station, size 40x130. for $700;
I will build you a house to suit on a payment
of $500 down, balance monthly; before buy-
1 Ing give us a call and let us show you our
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON & CO.. 2147
.- Center st : .¦¦-_ : V '
" INVESTORS, ATTENTION!
Choice business frontage' at Lorin station
for sale.
Offered for 7 days at a bargain. .
H. D. IRWIN. LORIN STATION,
SOUTH BERKELEY.
A FEW ruore jrond lots east of Telegraph ave.
at $10 per foot.-
Good 8-room house to rent; $32 60; near Key
and S. P. station.
! $7000 — House of 17 rooms, 2 baths, etc. :
close to university, in best part of Berkeley;
must be> eold to close estate. ¦ '
. LITTLE & WOOLSET.
, 2110 Bhattuek ave., Berkeley.
. $900— 3-room house; lot 40x150.
$1200 — 5-room cottage; 37: (5x100.
- Large list of bargains. - Call and examine.
I < MUP-DOCK A CO.. Lorin, South Berkeley.
Phone Derby 800. Open Sundays. Renting,
1 Insurance and notary.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY BEAX ESTATE.
BARGAIN— New, 8-room, 2-story house: por-
celain bath, 2 toilets, gas and electric lights,
combination fixtures, pretty mantel, bookcase
and writing desk built in library; also re-
frigerator; these are flne large rooms', mod-
ern and elegantly finished; molding, shades,
water turned on. street work and sidewalks
done: large lot with cement coping; .". blocks
to station; both Key Route and S. P.; price
$3500; liberal terms.
. O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorin station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
BARGAIN— Stop paying rent: new C-room cot-
tage, . bath, pantry, brick foundation, stable
and chlcken-hou«»: lot 30x110; close to Key
Route and S. P. stations, electric cars, school
church and stores: price $1600; terms, $10l>
cash, balance $1C monthly.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin station. South Berkeley
NEW 5-room cottage, high baaement. bath,
pantry, mantel, city water, brick foundation,
stationary tubs, bay window, folding doors,
etc.; large lot: 2 blocks to station. Key Route
and S. P. ; street work done; price $2250;
terms, $200 cash. bal. $20 monthly.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln station. South Berkeley
A TEMPTING OFFER. ,
$4000 — A new, 7-room house, substantially
built by a reliable contractor (the owner):
In a good locality, convenient to 4 lines
of cars; hardwood floors.
$3500 — 7-room house on a corner; near high
school; street work all done and cement
walks.
$3200— Choice lot oa Berryman; 8Oxl5»; noth-
lngr • better or cheaper.
PHILO MILLS. 2167 Shattudt are.
LOOK at ' the houses Just finished on corner
of Grant and Parker sts., 3 blocks from
Dwlght way station; elegant and complete;
more for your money than can be bad else-
where; open Sundays for Inspection. Apply
to P. MONROE on the ground, or Warren
Cheney, Postofflce block, Berkeley station.
BARGAIN— 80 ft. ; Berkeley's main st. H. W.
CORRIGER. 48S Eddy st. '
FRUITVALE ADY ? T ? SMNTS
rBTTITVALE BEAL ESTATE.
SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT COMPANY.
REAL ESTATE,
INSURANCE
AND
V MONEY TO LOAN.
FRUITVALE. ALAMEDA COUNTY", CAL.
VALENTINE G. HUSH. President.
S. R. THORNE. Secretary.
FIRST NATIONAL BANK, S. F.. Treasurer.
This company, alone, has sold as many as
a dozen of houses within the past thirty days
to resident people of San Francisco and many
more families are contemplating locating In
FRUITVALE.
There Is no question but that we have the
best climate, with less fog and wind than any
other town about the bay. besides, we have a
more productive soil for garden, fruits and
flowers.
We have good schools and churches and
law-abidir.g peci<Ie; again, we have sewers.
I water, electric lights and fine macadamized
roads.
Quick and cheap transportation to San Fran-
cisco; commutation tickets, $3 per month.
I*roperty bought to-day will without doubt
advance In price during the coming year suffi-
cient to pay, not »>aly a good Interest on the
money invested, but also to give rent free.
BEIA>W WILL BE FOUND BARGAINS IN
HOUSES AT LESS THAN THEIR REAL
VALUE FOR THE MONTH OF AUGUST.
3-room cottage $573
4-room cottage $1250
4-room house $1300
I 3-room. large lot. b0xl32:6 $1400
4-room cottage, lot 50x123 $180O
I 5-room cottage $1775
1 5-room house $2275
j 0-room house $2350
THE ABOVE COTTAGES AND HOUSES
ARR ALL NEW AND MODERN IN EVERY
RESPECT AND ARE FOR SALE ON EASY
TERMS. FROM J1MO TO $600 CASH EACH;
THE BALANCK ON MONTHLY PAYMENTS
' LESS THAN RENT.
We have exclusive sale of all property lUted
I with us.
During the past week we have added to our
1 already large list of very desirab'e and Bne res.
i ldence properties two houses located In the
I heart of the finest neighborhood In ¦ Fruitvale,
I with large grounds and with the latest sani-
tary plumbing; must be seen to be appre-
! elated.
' "Acreage property from $400 to $1200 per
j acre. Residence lots from $125 to ?500 for
i sale on terms If desired.
I- We feel confident that if you will call and
j allow us the privilege of driving you ahcut
Fiultvale that you will decide, as many have
recently done, to buy and settle iu Fruit-
y«i« ; _.
t LARGEST LIST.
LOWEST PRICES.
CHOICEST LOTS.
EASIEST TERMS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY,
cor. Bsssltt and Putnam sts.
; Fruitvale, Cal. Phone Ash 5S7.
Hi A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Ca!.
$1250 — Cottage of 4 rooms, basement, city
water: choice fruit trees: barn; S chicken
houses; corner lot, Ii:!xl79; one block
from school and two blocks from Fruit-
vale av».
$450— 2-room house and corner lot. 54x115;
only one block from E. 14th st. car line.
$1200 — Cottage of 'A rooms; stable, 3 chicken
houses, fruit trees. b»rry vines, well and
pump; also city water; lot 100x115; one
block from car line.
$1100 — Fine cottage of 4 rooms; corner lot;
street work all done; good sewerage; about
$200 down, balance $12 50 per month.
$1350— Good, cottage of 4 rooms, basement,
bath, etc.; all modern; lot U7:fixl05; only
4 blocks from Fruitvale station; small
sum down, balance same as rent.
$1400— New and modern cottage of 3 large
rooms and bath; city water: lot Suxl32:«>;
one block from electric car line.
$1700— Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath, man-
tel, large pantry, reception hall; lot 50x
100; one block from Fruitvale station;
$200 cash down, balance very easy pay-
ments; this is a snasi.
$1SOO — New cottage, of 5 large rooms, hall,
bath: modern In every respect: high Base-
ment: flne outlay of berries of all kinds;
lot 50x175; all fenced; $2<X> down, balance
on monthly payments.
$1750 — Extra good cottage of 4 rooms; all new
and modern: lot .'{0x125; 3 blocks from
.. local station: $300 cash down, balance
easv t^rms.
$1850— r-New cottage of 5 rooms, reception hall,
porcelain bath, mantel and high base-
ment; lot 38x125; 4 blocks from local
trains; easy terms If desired.
$1700 — Bay-window cottage of 4 rooms, hall,
porch, bath, basement: all modern; lot
33x104; street work all done; fronting on
car line; $200 down, balance on easy pay-
¦ ments.
$900 — Cottage of 4 rooms; 3 blocks from Fruit-
vale ave.: large lot, well and pump; $100
down, balance same as rent.
$1950 — Goo<l, substantial • cottage of 6 rooms.
¦ , reception hall. bath, porch, etc.: lot 50x
122:6; 4 blocks from Fruitvale station.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
W. E. RUDELL. Real Estate Agent.
Fruitvale. Cal.
$3500— Chicken ranch, 1 acre good land, house
of 5 rooms, windmill and tank, 2 very
large chlcken-hous?s. chicKen runs. 250
chickens. 1 Durham cow. 1 hors«. wagon
and harness, 2 large pigs, 50 bearing
fruit trees, 1 new surrey, 1 buxiry. 1
spring wagon with harness, farming im-
plements, etc.; property all fenced and
cross fenced.
$1200^ — Cottage. 4 rooms;, city water, aewer.
50 bearing fruit trees: lot 179x113; chicken
houses, ' barn: terms $400 cash, balance
to 'suit purchaser.
For rent — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; rent $12
per month.
For rent — Cottaee. 4 rooms, lot 100x100; barn,
. chicken- houses, etc.; rent $11 per month.
Money to loan for building purposes.
Homes for sale from $S5O to $10.00O.
W. E. RUDELL, Real Estate and Insurance.
Southeast cor. Fruitvale and Washington.
• ,. V" Fruitvale . Cal.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 298.
Office one-half block from Fruitvale station.
Only- $5C0 cash required; completely fur-
nished lovely 5-room. bath, pantry, -high base-
{ ment, trick foundation cottage; handsomely
. decorated Interloj; eteel enameled bath; hand-
1 some" calm tree: full bearing fruit trees and
flowers In abundance: 3 blocks from car line;
graded street: school near by; lot 70x113; price
all told $1750.
$225 cash— 2 large lots, 100x245. with flne
2-story barn. 100x40 feet: large shade trees on
bank of creek: near street cars and school:
flne «oii: would make good chicken ranch; no
cold winds or fog; price all told $050. balance
monthly payments $10; building (new) now on
property would cost alone $500.
CHAS..F. LEE, 1222 Fruitvale ave.
IF. you wish to buy or cell real estate or per-
sonal property, or If you wish to rent or lease
any kind of property, call on J. W. WIL-
' BUR * CO.. Upper Fruitvale. Dlmond P. O.,
Alameda Co.. Cal.
THE Fruitvale Index Is pnhllshed the first of
every month by JUDSON & CO.. 13V8 Frutt-
vale ave. P. O. box 466. Fruitvale. All
kinds of realty advertised in the Index tree
of charge. Send for Index.
FOR SALE— $2750; It cost $3750: rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S.' S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. :
$1450 — COTTAGE. 3 rooms, bath and" large
pantry: lot 80x132%; ea»y terms. P. O. boj
m.-Fruttvale.
BEAX ESTATE— C0UHT»Y— Tor 8*1«.,
GENTLEMAN'S country home — Nine blocks
from center of city: 7 acres rich sandy soil:
all In best paying fruit: over 1000 boxes of
apples last year; Royal Ann cherries; 7-
room hard finished house; porcelain bath;
best plumbing; tiled pantry; large shade
trees; alfalfa patch; flne barn; 9 brooder
houfs and brooders; Incubator house and In-
oubators; capacity 12,230 eggs; hen houses;
farm tools, wagons and buggy; harness and
horse; about 1000 hens; place will carry
about BWO hens; 15 minutes" walk from the
depot; Income per. month $175; can b»
doubled: must be eeen to be appreciated;
price $7250: half cash.
POULTRY RANCH, V ,
10 acres very rich land; 1 acre In aspar-
agus 2 years old; good hard finished house of
5 rooms and bath; good barn; flne well of
water; on main county road; rural mall;
horses, cow. wagons, farm tools; aplendld lo-
cation and a bargain at $2890; one-half cash,
balance 6 per cent Interest.
5 acres rich soil. s i mile from Petaluma; 4-
room house, barn; $1500; one-third cash, bal-
ance <J per cent Interest.
PETALUMA -REALTY CO..
Petaluma. Cal.
SONOMA has an Ideal climate; no cold winds
or foga; we have fruit, poultry and stock !
ranches to suit the many; come and we will
¦how you 20 acres rich land, half mile from ;
Sonoma City; 6 acres vineyard. 2 acres 1
peaches and prunes; price only $2"i00. ;
4^i acres 3 miles from Sonoma; family :
orchard: new house, barn, chicken houses 250
chickens: an Ideal place; price $1500.
240 acres; 14 acres in fruit 4'$ acres vine-
yard. 35 acres grain land; soil is rich; good 6-
room houae. good barn; other outbuildings; 1
spring water; farm tools, wagons, horse. 2
cows, chickens: place Is well wooded: when cut
and sold will pay for ranch; price $5000
SONOMA REALTY CO.,
Napa st.. Sonoma Cal.. or 26 Montgomery "t.,
room 8. San Frkncisco.
TOO ACRES at $20 per acre; one of the flnetst
cattle ranges In Sacraraento Valley; will
carry 475 head of cattle all summer an.i
keep them fat: plenty of good water; half I
In cash and balance la trade Improved clear
bay cities property. Apply to owner. C. T.
H.. P. O. box 475, Sacramento. Cal.
600 ACRES bean and potato land at $25 per
acre on easy terms; will cell small tract of
It; average yield 30 sacks of beans and 150
sacks potatoes; for all of It will take half In
ca«h and balance In trade Improved bay
cities property. Apply to owner, C. T. H..
P. O. box 475. Sacramento. Cal.
$2000 — ONE of th» best 20-acre homes in Cali-
fornia; 14 acres full bearing orchard and
vineyard: good buildings; near town; easy
terms: bargain. H. M. WOOLLEY. 23il
Montgomery st.
$1600 — EAST terms; 1C0 acres Al level land.
MORSE & PERRY. C32 Market St.. room 5.
$25.<XX) — 1000-acre stock ranch; well Improved;
handy to city. Box 334. Call office.
27% ACRES for tale cheap; Santa Crus Co!
4'J32 Twcr.ty-flfth et.
MENLO— 15 acres; grand villa elte; sacrifice.
Box 530. Call office.
FOR sale or exchange — 160 acres fertile land,
unimproved; Western Oregon. Box 631. Call.
HATWAEDS BEAX ESTATE.
$17."i TO $350 per acre — i to 80 acre tracts:
fine opportunity to buy choice tracts of
unimproved land on new boulevard,
Stanton Tract.
$8.50C — 12 acres: flne orphard: close in: apri-
cots, cherries and prunes; 5-room house;
barn, windmili. tank and tankhou&e; 1
mile from P. O.
$1,500—11 acres; 2 acres In orchard and vine-
yard: a'.so fine apple orchard; soil will
rv.ise all kinds of vegetables: side hill,
but easy to cultivate; small house;
barn; S tons ray In barn; 2 horses,
spring wagon,' harness; all tool* neces-
sary to cultivate place; will make an
Al chicken ranch; close to school; a
snap.
$30.00f>— 1000 acres: elegant stock ranch; 9-
room hi>u£->, with all modern improve-
ments; stable, 2 stock barns; dairy
house: flne apple orchard; 40 acres in
cherries and other fruit; fenced and
cross-fenced; abundance of water; 5
miles trom Haywards: this is a flne
investment and very reasonable.
i $13.000 — 10 acres: choice orchard: full-bearing
tree?; 11-room modern house; barn and
outbuiidinps: chicken hcuses and yards;
close to school; 2 miles from P. O. ;
cash, balance on time.
RAMAGE & STANTON. '
SAI7TA CKUZ SEAL ESTATE.
ADAMS & BARRY.
ADAMS &. BARRY.
ADAMS &. BARRY.
. —
Pl>ecial Announcement.
Th*- own': cf that beautiful orchard on Mar-
ket Ft., n-ar Water (only 5 minutes' walk to
Courthouse and r< mer nt town), has decided to
subdivide t';-: tract and has made elegant siz»
! lots, 50x212 feet; in c-d?r to make a quick
sale th" r.rice u jjut at the low figure of $H<>0
each. Get a lot before they are all sold.
— Also—
We have been authorized by the owner to
; dispose of the few remaining lots In beautiful
1 '-Fairvifw." overlooking Monterey iiay and the
[ toi\n of Capitola. Electric cars from Santa
Cruz vtss clos° to the property. Cull or write
for particulars and Ff-e plat of Jaiidl
,
F-ANTA CRUZ
i ,
PA NT A CRUZ.
I SANTA CRUZ.
BOSS VALLEY BEAL ESTATE^
zzzz
RCSS VALLEY.
• For sale in subdivisions: beautiful lots near
K'Tit station, in 1 to 5 acre tracts; wooded
and oi>en lots; Ideal building sites at most
attractive figures; a grand chance to obtain
a h'.rr.e In thi.» favorite locality
BOAHDMAX BROTHERS a CO.,
13s Montgomery Bt.
MENLO PARE BEAL ESTATE.
1 $200 PER acre — Two S-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
r^ad>; last of this property left; U cash.
Menlo Park — A tine coua*ry home. with
¦ tfilendid garden and magnificent trees; well
I built. olu-fashione<l house in good condition;
1 lor sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved.
I Fair Oaks— Land In b?n part of this dls-
| trict; well sheltered and wocd»d; In tracts of
from 4 to 25 acre«; special terms to those
building immediately.
EKLBT. RODGERS & CO
Telephone Main «73. lie California st.
CHICKEN BAZTCK FOB SALE.
CHICKEN ranch for sale. Inquire 1133 S..ver
ave.. off i-an Bruno road.
"
I BEAL ESTATE ?O E2CCHAWQE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY,
. F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 607-SCS CALL BUILDING.
It I- frequently the case that a party wishes .
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing tlie iraci-eiiR in a different kind of property.
Our lone experience in this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
I only .,ne transaction. The only condition we
j make Is that your property, if you wish us to
j dirpos* r.f it lor you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
¦ Ki.NU ANl» IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take cp either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If it has merit, whether you own real estate
or a m-rcartile or manufacturing business,
bring a d'-ocrlption of same to our office, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer in ex-
I criang<- and you will be surprised how quickly
1 we can effect the result.
I THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
| STAND Tin; EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
> the only company in San Francisco making a
1 specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
, ver.lslng or any other purpose unless we.pro-
I cure ;.n exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
I CPl-t. _ ;' ' -..
| WANTED— To exchange farm of 240 acres In
Texas fruit belt for California land; 120
acrf •« in cultivation, balance timber; 2 houses,
stables, well*, orchard. Box C02. Call.
SO ACRES. Shasta County; 1C0. Kings County.
to exchange. Realty Co.. Chronicle bldg.
BARGAINS at Oakland Real Estate and Busi-
ness Agency. 1108 Webster St., Oakland.
i ICO ACRES southern part Monterey County.
KOEHLER. 3730 Seventeenth st.
WILL trade city lot 100x120 for lot across the
bay. Box 232. Call office.
HOUSB. lot: exchange or sell, same as rent.
Box 538. Call office.
BEAX ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — Several good lots In Rcls Tract;
must be chtap. Address box 527. Call.
PEOPESTY WANTED.
WANTED — To buy. Investment property paying
fair income, within Devlsadero. Twelfth and
Folsom sts.: under $20,000. Address "New
York," box 649, Call office. ¦ .
REAL ESTATE— COTmTBT— Per Sale. 1
WHITE & BAYLEY.
. Successors to
W J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$7 tO 'per acre; best eiock ranch In Humboldl
Ccuaty; on the slope of the South Fork of the
Eel River; 3500 acres crazing land: practically
all fenced; good farruhouse; large barn; UK) '
head fine cattle: 1000 cheep; horses, and all
farming implements at market prices.
. $3500 — 5 miles of Santa Kcsa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom; 25 acres; 5 acre*
¦wnryard; new buildings; 5-room ar.d bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; poultry-
house*; ree this, and if you want only part of
It *-ill »e'.l unimproved portion at $100 per
acre: if you wart to raise corn that will make
»the Kansas article "aide step" eee some of our
ben-.es on the Russian River.
f 'JUM — 2 miles of i-onoma City; lu acres level
irarden soil; 8*4 acres bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit; good dwelling barn, poultry houses;
horse, wagon, carts, plows. 3 sets harness,
tools, wine preea. tar.ks acd casks; furniture;
!.ne crop.
J"5O0 — 3ft acres: modern, up to date house
and buildings; fenced and cross-fenced; nearly
e!l orchard; 2 miles of Watsonvllle.
50200 — 10 acres level sandy loam; good 4-
r< om hous«; fine Lam; windmill and tank;
water piped over ranch: 5 large poultry houses:
Incubator. 2 brooders; farming tools; cow; 200
laying hens; easy urms; near Petaluma.
52000 — Half-mile cf Sebastopol; 10 acres; 2
• ere* timber; 4 acits orchard, balance vlne-
jard; ho - jse, barn; on new electric road
$2(500— Near Martinez; 123 acres hill land; 75
%cres good jlcw land; well fenced; house barn;
Tamlly crchard.
$SO0©— 23 acres rlc*» sandy loam, near Hay-
»ai-ds; rolling; 4 acres vines: 3 orchard, all
bearing; balance hay; elegant 2-story residence.
10 "rooms, bath; easy terms.
$2850—54 acres near Watsocvllle; 200 apples;
« acres flne potatoes; 2 acres timber; balance
gr«:n; 6-room cottage, barn, outbuildings. .
$1'3» — Sonocia City; 4 acres rich dark loam;
a!! level; orchard: cozy cottage: cement cellar':
barn; windmill and tank; 5 poultry houses; feed
roonx;. 240 hens. We handle all the choicest
ia this vicinity aad will be pleased
Xp drive -you around.
t'100 — Near Baata Rosa; 600 acres; fenced 9
fields; 12 aCTea flae vineyard; 3 acres orchard;
6 Jersey cows; 2 horses: tools: wagons; new tt-
rooai hous*: 2 barns; Blacksmith shop. We
have ISO. places en our list near Sa&ta Rosa.
$ee them.
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 per acre— One ralle of Modesto- ¦ acres
cp: v» cash.
$S0 per acre 8 mUes of Modesto: 20 acres
cp: "-- cash.
$50 per acre— Near Lodl. on the Woodbrtdge
canal. .
FINIS DAIRIES IX ITCMBOLDT.
W* have a large list of completely equipped
*a!rtej» la the best section of Humbcldt Co ;
20 acres up.
$2500— Fine »u=:iner resort la Boaoma Co •
etage station and P. 0. on place; 141 acres
costroUlaf 1000-acre raace; 8 acres bearing
crchard: hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
a'.l furnished; bath; dancing platform; horses-
fsrmirg III jilwueiils. ee« tbls quick.
$S5O — 3 miles of Geyserville; 2H acres; 6- ',
room hous». l^nre barn. 2 good wells; rolling. '
all la vineyard: oak trees; fine poultry farm.
fUDOO — Or.ly 3 nV.les of Santa Rcsa; 10 acres
black loam; 1 mile town; $300 down; flae fcr
r iT'tfiriouse.
$5000— Ftsest stock ranch In Southern Ore-
sToc; 220 a<rree: 2 set No. 1 Smprmrements; 100
acres suitable for alfalfa or timothy; orchard;
carries 109 to 200 head of etock; 6 hcrses; tools-
40 tons hav: n«ar railroad.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for flrst-class farm
property and poultry farms.
f27rO — Rolling land; ICO acres, near Clayton;
80 acres plow land; house, barn, crchard; part
cash: over 100 choice farms In Contra Costa
Co. to offer you to select from.
t37i0 — Huar.bol<5t Co. rich bottom land; 26
acres half rr.lle of Fortuna; 1 acre orchard;
xkw ft-room hov.se, bam. outbuildings.
c$8 per acre; fine stock ranch. 10JO acres; 100
rich bottom land, balance rolling; fenced anJ
crogs-feaeed; nice orchard: house; 2 large barns.
$1500 — 4 acre* rich Russian River bottom
!ar.d<- half mt'e of Geyeerville. Sonoma Co.:
made trees: bouse, bam. outbuildings. We
¦ fcrfve «t least 40 small orchards and vineyards
to. offer in tSOM fine section, where the quality
cf the «Qil is unsurpassed and farm mortgage*
are practically unknown.
$2500— At Horland: 42 acres; 7 bearing vln*-
, yard: 8 bay and jrardea land; 2 bearing or-
chari; windmill, tar.k. toc'.s. 100 laying hens;
he'.f .cash
-• "»17(«0 — Only 8 miles of San Jose, close tt> sta.
tion and town; 24 acres rolling land: 10 acres
bfarin? prunes and cherries; tood 5-room cot-
tagje. stable, pcu'.try houses: :» Rummer hous-»i
Etoc f-uixirr.T boarders; running water; close to
mGfKl. P*e this quick.
$4750 — On GuaJalure Creek, south cf San
Jcse; :>3 ac*es; 12 :n full bearing orchard la
fine condition; balance r»ntly sloping fine hay
l*r.d: fine creek: 25 mapr.iflc-nt oak trees- 4"-
,room tctteee: rood «atl»-: fine income. We
h**e 4. choice list of small homes in Sar.t*
Ciira Cc.; i'least-d to drive you around and
Fhcw ti-.crn.
— . FOR RENT.
•$\;C0 ca ? h oer >»ar; K.3 acres. 2 miles of
Gra*s. Valley: zocc! hcus*; nice ce!lar; g larx-
1 irr.s and statif : *~ n acrr« fin* l^arirp orchar.l •
. 6 acres bearing vineyarJ: generally level; farn-
lr:c laclerr.enis : - horses; ;» Jersey oows; 15
»_res timber: generally level: party must fur-
n»£h bond : v.-ouid seil for S20.0C0.
&fnd starur for the largest and most di-
versified printed list on the coast.
- WHITE & BATLBT.
?urressnr* to
V.'. .7. WHITE.
?6 Montgomery «t.. rnorn R.
Frur^rty Exchanges a ir"r>ecialty.
ETOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California Nevada. Arizcna. Mexico stock
ratiche* for their value lor grazing — vast tract*
¦rateable lor nMUvfaiaa ar.d colonization. Val-
jiiL.i- not alone lwr i,-razlr.p, but for timber, an-
riculture. oil. minerals or town sites. We have
rfiacy tracts where frost never occurs. We
have many valuable pasture lar.ds where grai.s
cattle are fat in April, when beef command*
the highest price.
We have business property that will pay 6
per cent net on cost for five or ten years' lease.
%Ve have r«*sid'n(*n up to date. In the land of
the lemon, orange, sussfalae. Jruit ar.d flowers.
• — —~~-""
We have many beautiful orchard homes in
tte farred Santa <~ara Villey. near the (harden
City of California. Good dairy and altalla
ranch**.
Tfe can effer a Mexican grant that will sup-
pot* 10.000 head of cattle lor only $50.u00.
CHARLKS W. COK & CO..
Real Estate, Cattle and Loans,
78 79 Auzerait bldg.. Han Jose. Cal.
I"OR RENT — '-'i cf crop; 30O acres go<-<! grain
!and, Sacramento Co.; good barn; .-rr.al'
house.
3000 ac.-^es: Vi of crop: larje barn; small house.
1500 — 160 acres, six miles from Gait; old house
and barn.
$4'0— 135 £cre» well Improved; Fan Joaquin
Co. : 3 ,j bottom land.
Ft sale — Grain ranches, dairy ranches, table
end vine grape land. In tracts to suit; young
vineyards 1. 2 and 3 years eld. Address
box ID. Gait. Cal.
t» ACRES fine grain lar.d, good house and
Lara, blacksmith thop. good business corner
for roadhouse, or country ttore. Santa Clara
< <"cur:ty.
;;J scree fertile land. T acr-s almonds and
apricots, balance alfalfa: house, stable. Stanis-
laus County.
40 acres: 30 In 4-year vine*, balance, grain;
house, pavlllcn, cellar, bxrn, Kanta Clara Coun-
ty; big bargain on account of ueyirture.
JOSKPH BTRACP. cw Market st.. S. F.
73* ACRES. 3 m:les from Oroville. crossed by
irrigating- ditches: house and barn; will sell
in installments.
11100 — icy ac:*«. 2 mllrs" frora rood town;
fM ceS; owners of adjoining- properties ask $15
$2000 — ICO acres, 5 miles from good town.
Facramento Co.: hovse and barn; fenced; 4
ejirlr.gs living wstf-r; level land.
These three tracts are positive bargains.
HLDEMARK & JACK CO.. 11 AlontRomery st.
$C000^ — 240 arrrji, 22 miles from Oakland ar.d
2 miles from railroad: 200 acne In cultivation;
fenced and cross ffiK-**d; small house and barn,
water piped from serins' to both; mortgage oi
J3&00 can stand; soil good.
$1030—50 acr»*. all under cultivation; five
miles from Llvennore.
We hive ranches of all kinds In all partn
cf the State.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
10M Broadway, Oakland.
3J VEHT de*irab!e~4£acre~tract~of~ highly
cultivated valley Icam; no adobe; no waste;
making of a profitable and- love! y home; lo-
< a^<*d in an «-l!te neighborhood within the free
mall delivery, adjacent to Nar*. but owing
to. peculiar circumstances :: i..-t be sold at
one*; no it If offered an a whole cr In sub-
„ dJsMou at the great sacrifice of $50 per
tor*-: co mor» than half actual value. N. D.
SICK ELS, C Geary ft., city.
$:o0O — CO acres. Lake Co.; all level; orchard.
.' •-' and barn.
„ S:2O0 — 120 acre*. Lake Co.; house and barn;
part cash.
$2750 — U20 acres. Lake Co.; house, barn, fur-
1 nitur»: 300 head of etock; part cash.
MOORE LAND & INVESTMENT CO..
927 Market Bt., r. 30ii.
FOR sale — Near Mountain View, bet. Stan-
ford University and San Jose; 2 miles from
depot: electric care expected through tract;
10-aon* lots $100 to $2.%0 per acre; easy
payment*. I. J. TTtl'MAN. Call bldg. S. F.
, ALFALFA lands, etock ranch**, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues **nt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
•*8 Maiket st.
TV'OULD cell 300 acres well watered mountain
r:azing p.nd farming land. Improve^ at $6.
C E. DAVIS. St. Helena, Cal.
FOR the best list of country property, farms,
frjit and poultry ranches, stock ranches, al- 1
falfa and timber lands, call or send for cat- |
alogue. ROTHERS1EL & CO., 507 California, jTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904.
40
MEETIKP VOTIOS8.
SAN FRANCISCO CONSISTORY ' Sh|
No. I, A. and A. S. R. — Mem-
bers will assemble at their ren- Sbffi3*W=51
dezvous. Masonic Temple. 9 ¦ HWraMffiMI
Post Et., THIS (SUNDAY) AF- H~«SVS5rTlJ
TERNOON, at 12:30 o'clock ' 'TjMJT
sharp, for tbe purpose of at- S*&i\
tending the funeral of our late brother,
FIORENZO CAVAGNARO. Full Consistory
uniform. By order of the master.
HENRY BURNER, 33. Registrar.
PAST MASTERS' Association of Call- Q
fornla, F. and A. M. — Members will A
1 assemble at the Masonic Temple
SUNDAY, at 1 o'clock, to attend the S2=»?
funeral of our late brother, FIORENZO
CAVAGNARO. Past Master of Speranza
Italians Lodge No. 219. F. and A. M. By
(order of the President. •
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. O
212, F. and A. M.— The officers »ndVy
members of the above named ledge are /?N
requctted to as*emb*le at the hall of
the ledge. Fourteenth and Railroad aves..
THIS SUNDAY, the 28th inst.. at 1 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose of attending the fun-
eral of cur late brother, RUDOLPH WIL-
LIAM SCHULTZE. Master Masons, friends
and acquaintances are cordially Invited. By
order of the Master.
! E. C. HARK. Secretary.
I MEMBERS of Ean Francisco Chapter «
No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, are re- *vSf
¦ quested to attend the funeral of our /Sf\ '
late companion. RUDOLPH WIL- ,'
LIAM SCHULTZ. at 1 o'clock THIS (SUN-
DAY) AFTERNOON, at tbe hall of South
San Francisco Lodge No. 212, Fourteenth
and Railroad aves.
H. G. PRINCE. Secretory.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O.
F.— Initiation TUESDAY EVEN-4JOTg39g&
ING, August 30, at ball. SIx-?lSs»E8»
teenth and Valencia sts. Visitors
cordially invited.
E. H. ANDREWS. N. O.
A. P. BUTTON, Recording 1 Secretary.
. 1
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso- (t--»-»__
elation— Special meeting will b« L*T^?^
held at hall. 320 Poet St.. SUN- |/**1^»»
DAY, August 28, 12 m. : all mem-
bers are requested to be present for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased brother, R. W. SCHULTZ, from Ma-
sonic Hall, Fourteenth st. and Railroad ave.
South. By order of the president.
L. TRAUNG, Recording Sec.
MODERN Woodmen of Amerlca,Good- SfJSAa*''
fellowship Camp &633. M. W. of A.. I v/ I
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at |i/\Jl
Fraternity Hall. 909 Marktt St.. San \ZiJ
Francisco. W. H. EDWARDS. V.C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room 627
Emma Spreckels building.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Dnlrymen'ji Union of California will bo
held at the office of said union, Nos. 121-
12C-12S Davis et., San Francisco., Cal, on
Monday, the 12th day of September, 1904,
at 1 o'clock p. m. of said day. for the pus-
pese of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. F. V. NELSON, Sec.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 18 pagrs. sent to any address in the
¦ United Ftaten or Canada one year fnr $1.
AOEirrs WAirrro.
DO you want work? Ladles or gentlemen; no
canvassing or soliciting; no time frpm regu-
lar occupation; no one need know you are
.my representative; no money, outfit or ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable work can be done home; for In-
formation, address J. W. KIDD, 5025 Baltes
block. Fort Wayne. Ind.
AGENTS— Drop everything: "Teddy's Teeth"
beats buttons, badges, photos; makes more
noise than a horn; $10 a day easy; samples
10c; territory given. TEDDY'S TEETH,
Chicago.
$200 PER month can be made introducing and
appointing agents for our wonderful dry
chemical fire extinguisher: acts like magic;
no comp. ; expenses paid. Pyrocide. 916 Mkt.
"SCHEMES and Fakes of America"; a book
for mall order men, agents and fakers; It's a
brain-brightener for hustlers; full of money-
getting ideas. Pacific Book Co.. 120 Sutter.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improvc-
nent Company. Parrott building.
EVERY lady appreciates the new Victoria
Protector; sells at sight for $1; agents' ram-
ple postpaid. 65c; catalogue. Western Syn-
dlcate. 70CB Powell st.
AGENTS are reaping a rich harvest^introduc-
ing our rapid-selling household novelty; send
for circulars. Adell Bros. Mfg. Co., Orange,
Mass.
UP-TO-DATE agents, either sex; sells at sight:
ueed In every home; big commission. 1053
Washington »t. Office 7 and 8, Oakland.
WE have a proposition that will enable you
to make money at home or traveling; liberal
commission. 36 Geary st., room 23.
EXCLUSIVE territory to bright, energetic
women; liberal offer Euclid Medical Co.. 114
Euclid ave.. Cleveland. Ohio.
AGENTS wanted In every town to sell corsets-
good profits. CRESCENT CORSET CO. 115
Geary St.. S. F.
SOLICITORS deslrlnr new profitable employ-
ment apply 40Ji Grant bldg., 7th and Market.
PERFUMES, cosmetics, flavoring powders.
Pacific Agents' Supply Co., 1220 Treat ave.
AGENTS; quick selling; big money. Call to-
day, 1 to 3, 519 Grant building.
SALARY paid good solicitors; up-to-date men
only. Room 1, Flood bldg.
AGENTS — Salary or commission. 14 Mc-
Allister St.. room 42.
ATTOENEYS-AT-IAW.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room till; established 13
years; ell cases, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3tS01.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
specialty; private,- quick; no pay in advance:
mining companies organized;patents obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market et. ; estab. 22 yrs.
ADVICE free; divorce coirte $12; quick, quiet;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 204.
COLLECTIONS, attachments, mechanic's
liens, probate, tenants ejected. Attorney, 632
Market Et.. room 23.
1 DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet: advice
free; all law business; no charge unless sue-
ccpsful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r.33.
L. S. CLARK. lr27 Market, r. 304; consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
PATENTS obtained: Information furnished for
sale of patents. SONNTAG Agency, 214 Pine.
Columbian Law & Collection Agency, r. 85, 916
Market; tel. John C226: solicits your business.
ATTTOiaCOBIIiZB.
AUTOMOBILES F0R~iALli *
190.1 Oldsmoblle runabout.
1 1903 four-passenger St. Loujs.
1901 Wlnton runabout.
l!<02 Pierce moterette.
1904 five-passenger autocar.
1603 four-passenger Knoi.
Write for particulars and prices.
i E. MOHRIQ. 123 City Hall ave.
SNAP — "Locomobile" In running order, $150;
must be sold: look this up. Call or write
675 Thirty-sixth st.. Oakland.
WILL trade a lot in Frultval/s for a motor
cycle. Room 30. 921 Broadway. Oakland.
ELECTRIC pony automobile runabout cheap.
DAKER & SON. 37 Second Bt.
FOR sale — Gasoline runabout in good condl-
tlon; running every day; $450. 22 Eighth st.
RUNABOUT nutomoblle for $450; good running
order. Box 4608. Call office,
A CAMERON automobile. 1004 model for
eale. Box 4807. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce.cor.Diincan and Church sts.
ASTHMA BEMEDY.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly: 10c. 25c, 50c. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas;
also Wlahart. 10th and Waahington, Oakland.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
GENTS' Crescent bicycle; In good condition:
great bargain; $8; owner leaves city. 1&15
Webster st. \
A8TBOI1OQY.
CONSULT Astor. famous N.'Y. astrologer; man
cf ability. 997 Market -St.; booklet mailed.
. BgPg. POOS. 3BTO.
YOUNG talking parrots, $5 each; dogs mon-
keys, birds, cases-, goldfish in endless va-
riety. See catatogue. W. Bartels, 1546 Mkt.
HARTZ Mountain canaries AAfrican gray par-
rots, just received.^ A.C. Roblson.335 Kearny.
BLUB sky terrier ma.1* pups, 10 months old.
13 Rausch st., bet. 7th and Sth, off Howard.
FOR BALE — Genuine water spaniels at 428
Natoma at. upstairs, COLEMAN.
CHURCH SEBVICES— Continued.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Page sts. — Rev. Herbert E.
• Haya. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock
Sermon by Rev. Edward F. McFarland of
Los Angeles. Evening 6ervlce at 7:43. Ser-
mon by Herbert K. Hays. Theme. "Christ
Within." Sunday school at 8:45 a. m.
Christian Endeavcr, C:4D. Prayer meeting
every Wednesday evening. Pastor's residency
tiCO Waller st. '
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Fillmore Bts. — Rev. John Hemphill,
D. D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock;
sermon topic, "Characteristics of Our Age."
Evening Berviee at 7:45 o'clock; sermon topic,
"What Faith Does For a Man.". The pastor
will preach at both services. Sabbath school
at 9:30 a. m. Christian Endeavor meeting at
6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday even-
ing at S o'clock. All are cordially invited.
I'IRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave. ,
and Sacramento St., Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie, pastor— Services at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m. Tbe castor will preach at both
services. Sabbath school, 9:40 a. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor C:30 p. m. Wednesday, 8
P. m., midweek service. All are cordially
invited.
GRACE Episcopal Church, cor. California and
Stockton sts. — Musical programme: Morning
service Organ prelude (Rachmlnhoff) "Venlte"
(Norrls); "Te Deum" (Stalner); "Benedictus"
(Crotch): offertory anthem. "Come Unto
Him" (Gounod): organ postlude, fugue in G
minor (Bach). Full cathedral evening serv-
ice. Pealter to Gregorian chants. "Magnifi-
cat" (Kettle); "Nunc Dlmiitis" (Anon); an-
them, "Weary Hearts" (Koschat). B.
Walker Bours will preside at the organ
during the temporary absence of William H.
Holt, organist nnd choirmaster^
I TRINITY Church, Bush and Gough ets.. Rev.
Frederick W. Ciampett, D. D., rector. — Holy j
communion. 7:30 a. m.. Sunday School, 9:30 j
a. m. Morning nerrice, 11 o'clock; sermon .
by the rector. Evening service, 8 o'clock; ser- ;
mon by the Rev. James Ilulme. You are
2 heartily Invited.
ST. PAUL'S Church. California St., near Fill-
more — Rev. W Maxwell Reilly. rector. Rev.
W. II. Hoff, assistant. Holy communion.
7:30 a. m. Sunday school. 0:45. Morning
service and sermon, 11 o'clock. Evening ser-
vice and nddress 7:45. Preacher, Rev. F.
W. L. Glthens of Beaufort, S. C.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m.. topic, "His Name Shall Be Called
Wonderful." Reception of members and holy
communion at 7 "43 p m. ; topic. "Sent Forth
With Power." All are cordially Invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St..
between Buchanan and Webster — Rev. I. C.
Meserve. D.D.. pastor. Morning worship at
11. preceded by Sunday echool at 9:30 a. m.
Christian Endeavor Society meets at 6:45
p. m. Evening service and sacred concert
at 7:45 o'clock. Mrs. Dorothy Carom (nee
Goodsell) will sing Gounod's beautiful ho-
prano solo. "O Divine Redeemer." Mr. Ar-
thur Young will play a violin solo. The
choir will render selections from Tours,
Storcr and Pike. Visitors in town, especially
vl&Ulng Kn'.ghta Templar, are most welcome
to there services.
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. corner Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister. Junior church and Sunday school
are at 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavltt
and Charles A. Murdock, superintendents.
Sunday service Is at 11 o'clock. There Is
no evening service. Rev. Mr. Leavltt will
preach. Subject, "Stolen Blesslnss." tMu-
slc by quartet under direction of H. Brethe-
rlck. organist. All are cordially invited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and* Capp sts. (Take Mission or Va-
lencia st. car.)— The Rev. Jay William Hud-
son, minister; residence, 500 Capp st. The
Sunday school meets at 9:45 o'clock. At the
morning service at 11 o'clock the Rev. Jay
William Hudson will preach. Subject.
"Across Lots; or. Short Cuts, to Victory."
Music by orchestra and choir under the di- \
rectlon of Mr. Jablsh Clement. AH cordial-
ly Invited. No evening service.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 22.1 Suttcr St., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
subject of lesson-sermon, "Man." Sunday-
school for children at the same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock;
free reading-room. 208 Kearny at., rocms
5C9-510; all are welcome.
CATHEDRAL Mission of the Good Samaritan,
Second et., near Folsom, Rev. J. P. Turner,
. priest In charge — Morning service, 11 o'clock.
Musical festival Berviee to inaugurate pew '
onran, 7:45 p. m. Special music by the
vested choir of men and boys, assisted by
a mixed quartet. Short organ recital after
service. W. H. Holt, musical director; Henry
Lassen, organist.
ROSH Hashono and Torn Keepur services
September 10, 11 and 19, with congregation
Children of Israel Hall. 714 Broadway. Oak-
land; admlslon, $1; tickets at Zalkowitz's
store. 709 Broadway; admission free for poor.
C. C. HERRIOTT, evangelist and Bible teach-
er, will preach this evening in the "Jerry
McAuley Mission," S24 Howard st. Monday
evening Mrs. Humphries, prison missionary.
will conduct the services. Meetings every
night. Saturday evening Bible reajling on
prophecy In reference to the Eecond coming
and kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ, by
Charles Montgomery. Questions answered.
All -are earnestly invited.
GREAT mass unlcn meeting of young men
from all parts of the city will be held at the
Young Men's Christian Association audito-
rium. Mason and Ellis sts., at 3 o'clock this
(Sunday) afternoon. Rev. M. A. Matthews,
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church, Se-
attle, a most noted divine, will give the
address. He will have a special message
for young men. Come early and secure a
good eeat. AH seats in the auditorium are
at the disposal of young men.
j MESTIHPB — BUWPAY.
PROF. GEE," medium and healer, is startling
the public with his marvelous test and cures
dally; circle every night. 10c. 125 Sixth et.
MRS. CONNOLL, 148 Sixth St.. trance med.;
meetings every night, 10c; all tests; ladles'
circle on Wednesday at 2:30, 10c.
MRS. EBERHARDT, test meeting to-night.
10c. 2(57 San Jose ave., nefcr Twenty-fifth
st., Valencia car.
MRS. STODDARD'S seances, select. 25c; full
readings; tests to each; sittings dally; Sun-
day. Tuesday. 278 Ninth st.
MEETING. 8 p. m. ; Scottish Hall; free test;
Rev. Fertlg, Maxwell, Hovet, McKee, Neil-
son.
A— TESTS; front hall, 909 Market. 2-S; Wil-
son, Waltman; 2. Dr. Cowan, Hargrave: 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister St.— Mrs. C.
J. Meyer; sit. dally; tests to all every ev. : 10c.
ABBIE HARLAND, circle evening; to-night,
10c. 148 Sixth et. Business readings^ 50c. $1.
Prof. Perkins from Chicago challenges pom-
petition test readings; 7:45. 1220 Mission st.
MME. YOUNG'S Grant test meet to-night: Mrs.
Seal lectures; 10c. - S&l Hayes., nr. Gough.
CIRCLE to-night. 10c; Prof. Pabllch. Egyptian
occult, dally 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. 700 Ellis st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1200 Market St., Gait .House.
EARLE'S slate test seance to-night; questions
answered. 10S2 Ellis et.
SUNDAY IiECTUBES. '
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening Cryetnl Hall. Pythian Castle. 9C0
Market pt. : subject "The Kidneys"; followed
by views of a visit to Ireland and Scotland;
- free tickets will be distributed for X-ray
exhibition and electrical demonstration at
Sanitarium Tuesday evening; remember the
question box; special music.
EUGF.NE V. DEBS, candidate for President on
the Socialist ticket, speaks in Woodward
Pavilion. 14lh and Valencia st., Saturday,
September 24; 10c; reserved. 25c.
[ FATHER THOMAS McGRADY, Alhambra
. Theater. Sunday, Aug. 28, free; subject "In-
: dustrlal Evolution"; Tuesday, Aug. 30, ad-
mission 10c, reserved 25c. "Socialism and
Religion."
HARRY GAZE, author "How to Live For-
ever"; free lecture 8 p. m. Golden Gate
Hall, C25 Suttcr st. Class commences! at
Golden Gate Hall Monday, 8 p. m. ; volun-
tary offering. ¦ - -
ARTHUR MORROW LEWI8 . lectures next
Thursday In Turk. st. Temple, 8 p. m. Sub-
ject, "Marxian Economics: What They Are
and What They Are Not!" Free. .,
READY— Lewis debate. Woodward's Pavilion,
middle of October. Look out! One of the
biggest debates In American history; details
later.
HENRY FRANK of New York, Golden Gate
Hall, to-day. 11 o'clock; subject, "Causes of
¦ Kubso- Japanese War." Prof. Greven's music.
VEDANTA Society— Swami Trlgunatlta's lec-
ture to-night at 8 o'clock on "Philosophy of
Worship," at 40 Steiner St.; admission 25c.
GREAT Socialist picnic to-day. Harbor View,
'/ Oermanla Gardens; no meeting Carmen's
Hall to-night on account of picnic.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan «t Church sts.
MSETIWQS — TgBOSOPmCAIi.
THEOSOPHICAL Society, Academy of Sci-
ences bldg. — Public lecture 8 p. m. by Irving
8. Cooper; subject, ••Theosophlcal Doctrine
Derived by Reason."
OAKLAND A3)VTSM ? NTS.
OAKLiUD SEAL SSTATS.
HOLCOMD. LREIZD & BANCROFT. Inc..
1060 Broadway. Oakland Trl. Main 147.
Can Francisco Ae^nt, Alex. tlacUle.
S21 Market st.
SANTA rn TRACTS. :
BANTA X"E TCACTS.
« —— —^
THE NEW HOMH CENTEIl. rieht on tbe
KET ROUTE ard S. P. LCk'AL.
Quick tri|>s t-> and frrni San Francisco.
F1VE-CEXT FARE.
I*.rse InU, 40x10:., $G0<> to $SOO and upward.
One-flfih cash, balance :n rasy monthly
payments.
OLORK TO STATIONS. Mild climate. F1otv»
•r* all the year. Etecutlful vietv. Ftr^et work
mil comwJtte at na cost to buyers.
. . . % F
rti* **/*/**&** fit
f
7K TO SO MINUTES TO SAN FRANCISCO;
4 ELECTRIC OAR LINES CROSS OR PASS
THESi: HOME FITES; 12 UIXOTES TO
14TH PT. AND BROAPWAV: 12 MINUTES
TO UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
Office on the tract. OPEN EVERT DAY.
From San Francisco take Key route to |
Lurin rtatton, CM et. Notice the tract when j
jou pa>s it on the Key route. Send postal
for maj*, prices and pictures of beautiful j
ho«n*s.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.. '
IO50 Broadway. Oakland Tel. Main 147.
f-'an Francisco Ajrent. Alex. Mackie,
321 Market Ft.
" '
I
THE K"LLOWIN<J GOLD BOND PROPER- |
THIS MUST HE SOLD.
AX EXCEPTIONAL OPPOBTUKITT FOR
QUICK. KEEN BUYERS.
$17.>0— Very comfortable high tiasement cot-
tage; brick foan«Ution: j>retty garden: 2."ix
12j; in good nrd/r; AI tenant; en -Fourth :
avenue; f4W down: balance to fuit.
$£i00— \>ry artistic 2-story. 6 r<.omi<; on ter- j
iac*-d <0-fo<»t lot. facing boulevard strf-et. in
select neighborhood; «5 minutes to Fan Fran-
cisco via celebrated Key route; J.T5C© If
$.V4»t oath. 1..1 ;;¦!!-.¦ C j>er cent flat; can refit
for f^5 jjer month.
|4UOO — l:«-autlful 2-« i tory new home, with every
domestic comfort; large Urraced lot. w;th
lawn; ntar K«-y Route; between Telegraph >
ave. and Grove st. : this is an <-xtra offering.
$l5(:o — Without doubt the finest 7-room home,
beautifully eiluated on the heights; in per-
fect «rd<-r: neighborhood and character of
improvements the b^Ft; short walk from Key
Route — Piedmont division terminus.
S4.v.-- — Maybe lots; an owner going to buy a
ranch rijrfct away; it's a made-to-ord<»r noire,
with a cr&nd view; near car*: 100x2uu pretty
colonial home grounds, very highly im-
proved, including bearing fruit trer>; a grt-at
children's home, j a 1 <-!::», your price may
:ak- the ;'.-••-.
$.".*¦•> — Cost over $7000 — A very large and most
complete suburban homestead. NW.cor.. 150x
150; large, high basement; colonial cottage;
own gas plant, fireplaces, etc. large homey
Ijorch for two, or many twos; beautiful
ground*: fine ornamental trees and 2</J»ruit
trees: fine fine!! fruit and vegetable garden;
10,000-gallon tar.k. mill, electric motor; sell
water; now nets 5 f>er cent on cost; can
greatly increase Income; fine pigeon and hen
houses and I don't know "what not"; all
ttnctly modern; day's labor construction.
This widow must cell.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY EVERYWHERE.
CONVEYANCE IX WAITING.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
314 Pan Pablo ave..
JCear 17th st , Oakland, Cal. ,
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.,
Krai Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents,
Telephone Cedar 351. 12:;C Broadway, Oakland.
A SELECT HOME.
$2750 lm:s a handsome and nobby home in
Vwnon Heights, near Sen. 1'crhins' home;
elevation high and very sightly; there
are i> large rooms, all modern in style;
nice lot, 5oxl<*0 feet; nice wide cement
,w?_lk; djn't hesitate 10 look at this, for
it i» certainly a good investment If not
wanted for a home. (15C3)
A FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$3750 for an t-tesant corner in the center of
the city. f.'ixT.'i feet, improved In a fair
" ' ¦***'*r and is paying a p«>r cent interest on
'*4iiu0; do not let this opportunity pass, as
11 in impossible to buy anything In this
locality for less than $12o per front foot;
our aKsertU n ran be verified when you
see this property.
VACANT LOTS.
"tt'e have a lui 25x100 feet, on 22<J street.
close to two car lines, that can be had for
$12 50 per front foot; no oth«r property In this
v!cir.Ity can be had for less than $2t> per front
Xool.
\V# have one choice lot in Boulevard
Hf Ishls which we are offering at $10 per front
fuot less than adjoining property.
We a!»o have several very choice residence
Jots on Alhol, Lerter and Watson ave«.; street
work and sidewalks complete and en terms. If
Attired; if you ar< In the marktt do not fail
to cell en ws. a« we always have free convey-
ances at jour ccmmar.d.
Norhinr bwt »nars in our a&t.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.. 1230 Broadway.
S M. EOCGK & SON
UCO Broadway.
APRICOT CHICKEN RANCH.
Four acres in full bearing; house & rooms ar.d
bath; barn for 2 hor»e* nnd cow. carriage shed
and granary: plgo>n and chicken houses and
;arOs for 1000 hens and CJJU pairs of pigeons;
abundance of nater, and everything up-to-
date; w»t is soing away: thin in one of the
belt terrains we have «eenr It will toon be
taken et 5^750. TERMS IF DESIRED. SPEAK
$4209 WILL bay a good, 'extra well built house
of !» robins and bath: a-ft. basement; let
CSxftO, cors*r; en car tin*, within & minutes'
w»!k of a local station; house not new. but
tro!H by owner for home
J. II. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 BROADWAY.
WILL cell half or whole interest in 10 or more
lots, agreeing to reinvest proceeds in etreet
• or other Improvement* In same tract; the
property Is convenient to Key route and
electric earn and no vacant houses can be
found: principals only. Box 1301, Call office
Oakland.
flO.GOO— FOUR new flats, jnrt completed ;
rertir-g fcr $1170; will bring $12C0 por an-
¦um: near Telegraph ave.
JSiOO — Lot. 80-foot front, north old* 25th st.,
tiear Pan I'abla «ve.; street work all done.
<JEO. W. AUSTIN, 1002 Orcadway, Oakland.
JFOIt eale — $1000 buys a 7-room house, every-
thln; complete: house. & rooms. $1800; 4-
room hcu**, $1400, finely located; 60 house
lots for tmW. also a nice chicken place. M.
M. KENISTON. Uimcnd Pi O.. corner
Uopkln* and I'erslta aves.
BARGAIN — 5-rocm cottage, newly papered.
rralned linrrncta. tiled sine: street work all
4en»; wlihln 4 minute* to key route or
' R. P.: »«t 37:6x133: ?1000; make offer; take
Key Route, r«t eft at Hollis. - 137 Hannah
*t.. North Oakland.
HOUSE of 6 room*; K*y route: also house
* room*: r.lce home*; fine locations: good
titles: $2000 and $3000. Address box 403,
C&U office. * 1
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'IFTS
OAKLAITP SEAL ESTATE.
1 H. J. FTEYTAnT & CO..
! ltX» BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
C 125— Choice lot, 40xllC feet, on the north »lde
of uticct; ICO feet to cars and nice loca-
tion.
$1CCO — Nice cottsge; 5 rcoms end bath; large
«unr.y lot; can be bought en easy terms.
$1850— Snap for quick sale; cottage 5 rooms;
f.n sunny ride of otrert ; large lot, 75x125,
with street work all done; look this up.
52100— Uiggest bargain ever offered; 2 flats. ,
4 and 5 rooms each, and bath, and hot
and cold water; basement to each flat; ft '
block to car line; rents $25 i>er month; j
enly 11 blocks to the City Hall.
$2M» — Choice 5-room cottage, with all modern
in.pro\eoients; beautiful Interior finish: If
you are looking for a nlco cozy house
at a modest figure this will eult; conve- ,
nient to street cais nnd S. K. trains.
$2550— New 3-room cottage, with every modern
improvement; west side of etreet; no ex-
jier.se spared in building; lias gas, elec-
tricity, hot and cold water; high base-
ment: street work complete, and within
D blocks of Key Route station; your own ,
terms. „
$3000 — New Bungalow cottage, an corner; 5 .
rooms end bath; fine lot. In best neigh- ;
borhood; convenient to street cars ar.d S.
F. stations.
E. J. STEWART A CO..
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A FEW SNAP BARGAINS
BY
HOWE. 854 BROADWAY,
OAKLAND, CAU
$2500— "
Half a. block and $S50 Improvements In
East Oakland: high grounds, fine view, 0
blocks from boulevard and 4 blocks from 4th
avenue car line; this Is only one-half th« value,
according to values of adjacent lots; will give
terms or accept offer for all ca«h.
$1250—
Part cash; a 5-room rural cottage; lot 25x
100 feet; on 3W.t st., near San Pablo ave.: lot
alone is worth $1050; etreet and sewerage Oone.
$473 —
A beautiful riot of ground, furnished cabin
and a fine well cf water all for $475 if sold
within 5 days; fine place for pigeon larm or for
chickens; between Elmhurst and Frultvale; a
sacrifice of at*ut one-half value for quick sale.
(LOTS)— BEST BARGAINS IN LOTS IN
OAKLAND.
$100—
A tx-auty; 40x133; on Moss ave., one block
from Haywards car line; reduced from $250;
muft be sold quick to raise cash.
$tiOO—
A fine deep lot, 30x140, on 32<J St., between
W«st and Market: street and sewerage all
dene.
$0J*> —
A snap: corner lot on Llnd°n and 30tb sts;
31 :t>x«O.
$1SCO—
A beauty on 10th and Market sts.; average
of 55il2i; tony neighborhood.
$1700 TO $7000— BEAUTIFUL PIEDMONT
LOTS.
$450— BARGAINS FOR BUILDERS.
Two lots, corner East Fifteenth and Fourth
ave.; near 3 car line* and within 5 minutes'
walk of broad gauge etatton; very cheap and a
genuine bargain; 50x100, at $27 50 and $30
I>er foot.
$3350 — Modern cottage home; 7 rooms and
bath. In growing part of Oakland; near ptreet-
rar Un*; C miuutee' walk to "Kej'" route sta-
tion; iot 50x200; facing 2 streets; stable, chick-
en-yard; fruit and flowers; can be leased to
desirable tenant for $»0 i>er month.
$:;.M/U — Nice cottage; 7 rooms and bath; elec-
tricity, gas, etc. ; everything in prime order;
owner going East: terms if desired.
$10.250— Beautiful home in Linda Vista; 10
rooms and more; lot 70x125 costs nothing; you
pay for the house only.
$14,000 — An elegant, commodious house; 12
rooms; large lot and everything detlrable; near
to businene part of Oakland and car line.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
11C0 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE.
$1500 — A l',J-story dwelling, 5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x100 feet: rents for $15 per month;
a bargain.
I $3000 — To close us an estate; 6-room modern
¦ 2-story house; stable; corner lot, 50x120
feet; street and sidewalks complete; ele-
vated ground.
I $1500— 5-room cottage, lot 50x120 feet, belong-
ing to s£me estate; property one block
from street car line.
j $2750 — Owing to chance of location owner will
' sell C-room modern cottaze; lot 75x140;
Etreet sewered and macadamized; a bar-
gain.
ALBERT SCHMIDT,
REAL ESTATE ANtt INSURANCE,
1122 Thirteenth ave.,
1 East Oakland, Cal.
j $2100 — STORE and 4 living rooms b»low, 6-
room flat above; corner lot, 5SxlC0; near
San Pablo ave. and 58th Bt.; the biggest
bargain in Oakland.
$5000 — 12-room modern house; fine location;
large lot; barn and carriage-house.
$2700— New 6-room house, built by owner, who
le leaving the State; lot 33x125; near
Telegraph ave. and 35th st.
F. F. PORT1JR. 4C8 Sth st.. Oakland.
$750 CASH. $10 monthly: East Lake cottage
of 5 rooms; Al well of fine water; shed;
young fruit trees, flowers, etc.; rich, sandy
loam soil; 4 lots. 100x100. all fenced; this
Is a rare property In a fine location; no fog
nor harsh winds here; see this at once; price
In all, $1500; adjoining Eai-t Oakland: call
or send for circular; carriage free. II. 55.
JONES. Land Owner, 4.15 7th st., opp.
Broadway station, Oakland.
BFXDEN'S BARGAINS.
$950 — Reduced for quick eale; extra choice
I residence site, 40x115. in beautiful College
Heights, 34th and Webster sts. *
fsT.it will buy a 50-foot lot on 33d St., near
i West: grab It quick.
; «fc<x> — Elegant terraced lot, 40x140, on the
crewn of the hill, 7th ave. and E. 20th Bt. ;
grand view; surrounded by beautiful homes.
I $2300 — Fine 0-room cottage, right in center
1 of town and the best bargain ever offered.
BELDEN, Real Estate,
1112 Broadway, Oakland.
ALDEN REALTY CO.,
5184 Telegraph ave. Phone Black 6431.
$250 — Lot 55x90: near Telegraph ave.
$->oo— Lot 00x100; near Telegraph ave.; bar-
gain.
$1250 — 4-room house; lot 40x135: sewered;
Telegraph ave.. near Berkeley: cash $200.
$1500 — 4-room houre; lot 60x150; good lo-
cality; cash ?250, 815 per month.
This office has no connection with the Al-
den Co., Oakland.
fCC 00 — FINE home en Telegraph nve. ; thor-
cujshly modern and up to date tn every par-
ticular; 9 rooms; barn and driveway; lot COx
1&0. on corner; beautiful grounds; abundance
of flowers and shrubbery; price reduced from
$Ci<;0.
$00 per front foot for lot on Webster st.,
do."* in: Just the thins for flats; lot 35x100.
C. IC MARSHALL, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
LAKESIDE DISTRICT.
KLEGANT. massive home of 14 rooms. 3 batbs;
all modern plumbing ; billiard and smoking;
rooms; hall and parlors finished in curly red-
wood; steam heaters throughout; large attic
with Etace and danelns hall; cement base-
ment; washroom and wine collar; large sta-
ble with rooms for help: fine corner lot. lOOx
15Q. GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway.
$12.000 — Four vp-to-date modern flats; on north
«i<le of etre«t: within 0 minutes* walk of
Broadway; O. K. Investment.
$15,000 — Unimproved lot; HCxll2; suitable
for apartment house; 2 main etreets. Address
Owner, box 1350. Call office, Oakland.
NEW B-room cottage with gas and bath; lot
4OxlOO; two blocks from £an* Vablo ave.
station; price $2000; small cash payment.
TUB LANK CO.. 40th and San Pablo ave..
Oakland.
$.!SOt>— MODERN 7-room house, south front;
lot 00x133; flowers, fruit, open plumlfn?, fine
elcctrlo fixtures; »i block from Telegraph
tive. cars; 7 minutes university; 7 minutes
Key route. B. P.. 2325 Ward »t.. Berkeley.
$3500— EXCELLENT business property; lot
100x115; busiest part of Telegraph ave.;
greatest bargain ever offered. For particu-
lars apply 1108 Webster st.. Oakland Real
Estate nnd Business Ac>ncy. ,
A BARGAIN— $3800; a "2-irtory up-to-date bun-
calou*; fine reception hall and beam celling
dining room. For sale by owner, K. p.
WRIGHT. 6S8 Tenth St., Oakland.
$15 A MONTH— Cottage of 0 rooms; nearly
new; U5th ct.. Oakland: small cash deposit;
a bargain: Owner 675 37th st. Oakland; at
home Sunday.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms r high basement; 7C8
17th at., west of Ban Pablo ave.; big bar-
gain; must be sold.
TWO-story, new colonial home of 0 rooms.
all in fine condition; lot 33x100; S50 83d,
between Grove and San Pablo; for rent, $20;
or sell on eaar terms.
$Vft0 BUYS 4-room bouse: lot 00x125; fruit
trees, barn, chicken house; 1 block to cars.
Box 1350. Call. ¦
R. J. MONTGOMERY, real estate dealer. Key
route eta., 40th and Telegraph are., Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S ? M y TS
OAKLAyp BEAT. ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4C0-4C2 EIGHTH ST.,
OAKLAND.
INVESTMENT.
Whole block, 10C0 feet front; 120 feet eleva-
tion; overlooks bay and city; 150 to 200 feet
deep; street work, sewers; assured improve-
ments will greatly enhance value; must 6ell;
will sacrifice.
J7500— Elegant residence; Lakeside • district:
0 rooms; furnace; French plate glass;
hardwood floorp; 3 artistic mantele: rich
interior; 5 bedrooms; cost $10,000; moat
attractive house on street.
$4500 — New colonial; 8 rooms: beautiful curled
redwood finish; electric lights, gas; street
work complete; panoramic view city, bay;
50x115; elevation 170 ft.; Key route service.
$4000— Pair modern flats; 5 and bath; pay ,14
.per cent; $2500 mortgage ; (i minutes walk
to City Hall; rr.uet be told.
$2$fX> — Pretty modern colt.igp: 0 and bath; gas;
mantel: basement; 30x136: cement walks;
choice location: Linda Vista: $250 cash.
$2700 — Mcdern cottage; 5 and bath; basement:
convenient to 14lh-st. locals.
$2CO0 — Modern cottage; 5 and bath; basement;
near IStlj and West sts.
$2650 — Attractive ccttase; 5 ar.d bath; base-
ment; 30x125; rent ?£0: near 34th and Tel.
$2100— New shingled bungalow; 5 and bath;
41x100; near San Pablo ave.: easy terms.
$2100 — Pretty modern cottage; 5 and bath; base-
ment; street work complete; 33:6x135; elec-
tricity; nr. S. P. and Key route stations;
easy terms.
$2000 — Modern house; 0 rooms; porcelain bath;
convenient to S. P. R. R. yards; bargain.
$1800— Fine little cottage; 6 and. bath; 37 ft.
corner; close to Key route.
$1800 — Modern cottage: 6 and bath; gas; base-
ment; 37:Cxll5; rent $18; elevation; con-
venient to cars and local*: bargain.
$1300; — 13th ave. cottage; 6 and bath; near lo-
cals: foreclosure: make offer.
$1000— Cottage; 4 rooms; 37:0x138; near Idora
Park.
$1000— 4-room house; 125x100; chicken houses;
fruit; near cars and 13th ave.
$760— 3-room cottage; 30 frontage; Walsworth
ave.: to close an. estate.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 EIGHTH ST., .
OAKLAND.
A FEW GOOD INVESTMENTS
WORTH LOOKING INTO.
$150— ."0x100. on 44th St. ; only a short distance
from Key route.
$7C0— 42x100. on north side COth, close t»
Tilegraph-ave. station.
$800— 75x100. on Hopkins st.. East Oakland
Heights, close to l.'ith ave.
$1000— Fine lot on north side 33d St., close to
Grove st. ; cood.
$1250— North side 35th St., close to Market;
BOxlir>; good buy.
$1500— 7.-1x100; south side of 84th, only a short
distance from Market st
$2r.0O— 100x132; at the head of Oakland
Heights; close to Linda Vista; has an un-
*«iualed view of the charming foothills.
$2750 — Corner on Telegraph ave.; this Is the
very best corner left and Is worth at least
$3000.
DO YOU WANT AN IMPROVED PLACET
WE CAN SinT YOU.
JAS. S. NAIPMITH.
534 THIRTEENTH ST.
BEAUTIFUL BOULEVARD TRACT.
THE CHOICEST RESIDENCE PROPERTY
IN OAKLAND. OVERLOOKING LAKE
MERK1TT. SEVERAL VERY DESIRABLE
LOTS LEFT SEVERAL KLEGANT RESI-
DENCES ALREADY COMPLETED AND
MURK IN THE COURSH5 OK COMPLETION
ANI> TO BE HUILT AT ONCE. CHEAPEST
LAND. CONSIDERING LOCATION. CLASS
OF HOMKS, ETC.. IN THE CITY. "KEY
ROUTE" SERVICE DIRECT TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO AFTER JULY 1. IF YOU ARE GOING
TO BUY A SITE FOR A HOME DON'T FAIL
TO INVESTIGATE THIS PROPERTY. FOK
FULL PARTICULARS SEE
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1002 BROADWAY,
OAKLAND.
TO lease for a term of years, a lot 75x100
v,-lth!n >i block of Broadway; good location
for apartment-house or stores. For particu-
lars api'ly to
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway, Oakland.
A GENUINE SNAP.
Nice cottage, 6 rooms and bath, stationary
wash tubs, brick foundation, high basement:
sunny front; fine water supply, with windmill
and tank; price $2000. 1018 21th st.
$2250. $2750. $4250 AND $12,000 WANTED,
at 8 per cent on first mortgage; good secur-
ity. A. KAYSER. 011 Broadway.
OAKLAND Real Estate and Business Agency.
1008 Webster Bt.. Oakland.
OAJCL'D REAL ESTATE — To Exchange.
RANCH of 80 acres at a bargain; 80 acres of
good level land, also 80 acres hill position,
running along Putah Creek: fenced and cross
fenced; In five fields; one-half wire fencing;
a good orchard, bearing.
A good dwelling house of 7 rooms, with
modern improvements; a stone mlikhouse
with outside nantry; Eastern built barn,
45x*i0, with granaries; good stable to ac-
commodate 12 horses.
A good chicken-house, brooding-house, with
10 apartments: cood well or water and run-
ning water all thft year; has a good market
for everything that can be raised; the min-
ers nnd EDrintrs consume more than can be
rnlsed and pay a higher price than San
Francisco; mail delivery every day and tele-
phone at doer. Tr>e above descriptions are
facts, not flctlcn: the owner, on account
of ape and desirous of moving to the city
near his children, will therefore sell at
the verv lowest figure, or will trade for
Improved or unimproved property in Oak-
land, Alameda or San Francisco.
Apply to JEFFRESS & CO.,
1167 Twenty-third ave.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
BEKINS Van and StoraBe Co., • furniture
movers; free map. 1016 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND rUBNISHED BOOMS.
CURTIS. 14C8. cor. Twentieth. Oakland— One
sunny, furnished, front room, with bath; pri-
vate family.
OAKLAND rtTEWlTXTBE 7OS SALE.
TO-MOP.ROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth st..cor.store.Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MII.I. VALLXY REAL ESTATE.
RAIN OR SHINE,
GOOD WEATHER OR BAD.
Never mind If It Is cold, foggy or windy in
the city; go to Mill Valley; you will find it
charming there. You don't realize that so
. gtcat a difference can be poeslble In so short
a ride. Take Sausallto ferry and new electric
cars to Mill Valley. We have an office there.
Our land Is right at the 'station. Great large
lots with good views; some are beautifully
wooded. Price $400 upward. Term», 10 per
cent cash; balance $10 monthly. New tasty
homes are springing up rapidly. You can't
buy the lot for anywhere near the price in
the city and get into a desirable location,
surrounded by good neighbors; it takes no
longer and costs no more to go to Mill Val-
ley; go over to-day and see for yourself. Send
for maps, etc. . LYON & IIOAO,
110 Montcomery st.
San Francisco Advertism'ts.
. CHUECH 3EKTICES.
SIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, cor. Hayes
ar.d Buchanan st». — Rev. John Stephens, the
pastor, will preach at 11 a. in. and -7:45 p.
m. Morning sermon on "'The U«es of Unhap-
piness"; evening sermon the fifth In the se-
ries on "Llfe'a Great Choices." Sunday-
school at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins, euper-
Intendent; Epworth League and Junior
League at C:45 p. m.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church corner
Twenty-first and Cann sts.; Rev. Francis
M. Larkin. Ph. .D., pastor.; residence 81«S
Twenty-flret »t. Son-Ices, 11 a. ai. and 7:45
p. m.: Sunday «?hooi, 12:45 p. m. j morn-
ing subject, "The Attraction of Goodness"*
evening subject, "The Appeal to Prejudice."
CENTRAL M. E. Church,* Mission St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh — The pastor Dr. George
W. White, will be in the pulpit both morning
nnd evening. Morning topic, "The Food for
Man" : evening topic. "A Twentieth Cen-
tury Christian." Sunday-school at 12:45,
P.olla V. Watt, superintendent. Young Peo-
ple's meeting at 0:15. Seats free. Church
la in easy reach of all principal hotels.
Strangers especially invited.
FIRST Baptist Church, 320 Eddy st. Rev.
John L. Jackson, D. D., of Hyde' Park
Baptist Church, Chicago, preaches at 11
a. m. and 7:30 d. m. Bible School, 12;SO
p. m. Christian Endeavor, 0:30 p. rn.
Prayer meeting, Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. AH
are cordially invited. Stats free. -'- .. ¦
TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twen-
| ty-third "and Capp sts.. Rev. Edward K.
Strong, pastor. — Divine worship at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Evening subject. "To the
Glory of God." Bible School at 12:30 p. m.
Endeavor Society at 0:45 p. m. Strangers
welcome at all services.
3I73INESS CHANCES— Coatlanei.
ATTENTION. Capitalists and Bus1n*ss M«vT
A valuable patent for sale. The patent wu
• granted In the United States June •_•$. ijpjT
It is the latest of Its kind and U cal.'e.l t.T.
"Drawer Guides.*' They are very simnu
and easily made out of Iron and put t
gether without difficulty. Even a man r.<i»
a mechanic can put them Into place wh»i>
required In a few moments. With on." finjjn-
you can pull a drawer containing fro:n
to 300 pounds. They are usable u :-. .. .
draws are us»d; namely. In furniture. p a «.
senger ahlps. trains, schools, hotels, hospital/
in factories where heavy and valuable m-r'
chandlse are kept In safety, tn ¦ -
hardware stores, offices, business houses, etc '
etc. The drawers will not become mine *j!
pensive than what they are bow, for the*
reduce the labor and wood. Draws are very
common for safe-keeping every kind U f
merchandise. At present, draws are us*<i
by the hundreds of millions in the CUtcd
States alone, although thetr runners ar*
comparatively useless. When these "draw,
er-guirfes" ccme Into use their service wi;j
be many times greater. After that the re.
pie will not have to u?«- all their *tr?nxffi
in pulling draws, for a small child- can «»*.
lly open them. When the.** "drawer-guMes"
are on the market there will he an iinmen**
demand for them. If the furniture u- : o
made of any kind of metal, thia patent
fully applied to it. This said patent w ; ;i
be sold to the highest off-r. and this contest
will close on October 22. 1IM14. The offer*
will be kept in secret until that date. Th»
offers can be sent by mall or telegram. Draw,
ings and the models can bw seen at art]re-<
hereunder. The offers will be received orly
when accompanied by cash depoeit. to b»> r«.
turned to unsuccessful bidders. No trill n
Hours. 8 to 0 p. m. ; Saturday, 2 to 0 p. a '¦
Sunday, all day. Adiireas Mr. WILLU.VI
LAAKSO. 220 Clara St., between Fifth ani
Sixth. San Francisco. Cal.
$24(X) — CORNER saloon: best across the bay;
cheap ront and 10 years' lease; busing** j U s-
>. titles Investment of more than Drlce; owner
sells account of other business. Oakland
Business Agency, 1108 Web*ter St., corner
Twelfth, Oakland.
$300— BLACKSMITH shop; old established a-ij
doing steady paying business; owner selling
account of sickoesa. 1108 Webster St., comer
Twelfth, Oakland.
WANTED— 500 PEOPLE to help organize tin "*
largest co-operative candy manufacturing
plant in tbe country; dealers In every towa
can become Interested; $1 per share; money
to be refunded en 30 days' notice; no risk;
good salary given to good men; no trlSers
or tricksters need writ* or aooly: $1000 Ike
limit to any one person. Apply U» KE1.LK.H
CANDY CO.. 477-475 Seventh SCT. Oakland.
Cal.. Branch San Francisco.
PROFITS AMOUNTING TO THOUSANDS
of dollars are divided every month amor?
Investor* by the Storey Cotton Company (in-
corporated; capital and surplus $2u,00u>. \t*>
you getting your share? Write for particu-
lars. T. II. WUINLAN. trea5ur«r. biS Th«
Bourse. Philadelphia. Pa.
FOR sale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to leace for 5 or 10 years: a fine located
homo am.! established health resort, 'i' room.'*:
several mineral springs on It; old age Um
cause. For particulars Inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPIN'S SPUING. Bartlett Springs.
Lake County. Cal.
FORTUNES for you and others In Texas lan<l<.
for development, settlement or »p«»culaiion;
the gr»-at products, rice, cotton, susar aai
other crops; thousands pouring Into Texas,
lands doubling in value; write for pamphlet.-;
tend names of neighbors: reference. Houstun
banks. W. C. MOORE & CO.. Houston. Tex
_ BARGAIN.
Good paying small milk dairy; near 1: -1 '.,• -;
thoroughbred stock; everything complete; nj
competition- full opportunity for investigation.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., VAt-l>i
Eighth .»t . i.iaklai.d.
RESTAURANT for sale in on« of th« b^st
mining towns In California; will seat «O peo-
ple; 31 steady boarders at $2O per mont^
end a good transient trade; 10 rooms up-
stairs all rented: a money-making place;
price $1000. Address box 4S«». Call office.
LOCAL manufacturer with larsu stock high-
class, exclusive. non-com5«titive goods. l"0
per cent profit, desires S.10OU to extern!
(wholesale) with active services of partici-
pant preferred. Box 569. Call office.
WHEAT Is very strong and advancing rapidly,
offering unexcelled opportunities for splendid
profits; $20 margins 10<;o bushels 2 cent* ;_
send for free book, explaining option trad-*,,
ing. Osborn Grain Co.. Minneapolis. Minn.
|C(X l — GOING to Canada-
Branch bakery, delicatessen and lunch
room: money-maker for man and wife; fine
livtn? rooms; make offer; no agents. Address
box 643. Call office.
HOTEL business for sale; reasonable: big
business for two; clears $400 per month; tik
bedrooms: dining-room seats 4«; lease given.
For particulars write M. F. CARDOZO. Mer-
ccd. Cal.
HOUSE of 7 rooms, on lot 40x140; street work
all done: center cf Berkeley; $12t"O; owner
going East. J P. HALE & CO., 1511 Shat-
tuck ave.. North Berkeley, or 2515 Shat-
tuck ave., Dwight way.
GOOD paying delicacy store cheap; too much
work for two ladies. J. P. HALE & CO..
1511 Shattuck "ave.. North Berkeley, or 2313
Shattuck ave., Dwight way.
FOR «aie — Old-established stationery and
1 periodical business, with a Ions lease; on
account of sickness of owner. Apply to E.
BAUER. S. F.. News Co.. 342 Geary st.
A HOTEL fcr sale, situated at a well-known
summer resort in Lake County on a larga
like, with ample grounds, cottages and out-
buildings; price reasonable. Box 4611. Call.
|75O — Salcon burtness; corner on main business j
street; must be sold at once; average business |
20 day; rent $75 month; lease 3 years. •
G. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
I $300 for a good grocery: fine stock; rent $13, t
Including store. 3 rooms and garden ; furni- i
ture for sale. HAWKS & MEHRTEN3, |
Webster st. and Railroad ave., Alameda. r %
WANTED — Lady partner willing to Invest ? x
$500- good paying, legitimate buslneiss, malt- L
ing big money; needs two. Address box 424. *.
Call office.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman to take half In- I
terest in permanent commercial manufactur- J
Ing business; must have $30O cash. Call or 1
address 327 Front St.. room 4.
A PERSON of executive ability, with $300; '
handle your own money; one-third Interest
in paying concern: no trtflers wanted. Ad-
dress box i'X'J. Call office.
$350 SECURES a half Interest In an estab-
lished commission business; man must b«
honest. Industrious and sober; references ex-
changed. Inquire 1007% Market St.. room 1.
I HAVE a wagon route tn city clearing 14
per day; cash business; no 8unday work;
value In fight; price $500. S» Noe st.
WELL established com. business for sale; goett
chance for hustler to make money: terms
easy. Inq. Merchants' Agency, 1008% Market. . ¦
FOR sale — Well-established candy store and >•
ice-cream parlor; good > location ; reasonable.
Address box 103, HeaMsburc, Cal.
GROCERY and liquor store In Western Addi-
tion for sale; good clean stock: and fis*
trade. Box 4805. Call office.
SPLENDID opportunity for party wlta some
capital, established manufacturing business.
Box 470, Call office.
j TP you want a good fruit store, call at 134*
Howard St.; no reasonable offer refused; call
Monday. __^
WE pay $2 per month on e-rery $20 Invested
in our manufactory. B. TOGGER, 36 Geary
et.. r. 43.
Attention — Hotel. 50 rs.. good town, flan bar
trade; long lease: some fur., fix.; stock liqrs.;
cash reg.; $1230. 28 Montgomery, r. 8.
F1RST-CLAS3 fruit* business: a. bargain- J.
P. HALJB & CO.. 1511 Shattnck are. Nort*
Berkeley, or 2511 Shattuck ave., Dwlght way^
WAN.TED— A partner with from $3000 to $50CO
In well-established furniture manufacturins
. business. Box 770, Call office.
BRANCH bakery delicacies and notion st^re
for sale at 4O3A Sixth St.. near Harrison.
WANTED — To buy a notion and variety store.
Address box S22. Call office.
$30C0— SALOON- near city front; lease; ren:
$80. See F.-BERG. 318 Kearny st.
$250 — PARTNER In light business: good chance
right man. See BERG. 318 Kearny «t.
$7500— LIVERY and boarding stable at •> bar-
galn. See F. BERG. 318 Kearny st.
$1000 will buy Vi interest In good manufactur-
ing business; cutter preferred. Box 653, Call.
FOR sale — A restaurant: 2O miles from dty,
and good-paying business. Box 731. Call.
ATTENTION,
RESTAURANT KEEPER3-
FOR SALE.
One of the best located restaurants In
Santa Barbara, containing 13 tables and all
necessary utensils; also well-constructe'l
large cold storage room, and with or without
roomlng-hous« consisting of lti rooms: a
money-making place for right party. Tor «
full information inquire at 919 State st.. 1
Banta Barbara. Cal.
$125— CORNER grocery and branch bakery: 3
fine living rooms, yard and shed; r»nt $1°:
also 2 kitchen stoves, cheap. C A. SMYT1-.
130O Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
$1500— GOOD- PAYING saloon In Mission: rent
$33: 4 years' lease; owner going to Europ*>
Apply W1CH1IAN, LUTGEN * CO.. 29 Bt-
, tar* it
BOAnpiNO roa chuosss.
WANTED— To board little girl about 10 years
of age $15 per month; music Ussons In-
cluded.' Box MS. Call office.
NURSE wishes two or more children to board:
best of reference: mother's care; sunny yard.
3771 Twentieth st. \
A GERMAN lady, with two children of her
own. wishes two little girls to board. Box
238. Call office. "__
A FAMILY without children would like a lit-
tle girl tn board; good home and care. l->_
Fourteenth st. -'rr.
TWENTIETH. 8003— An elderly lady wouW
like 2 or 3 children to board; rooms for
parents. '
CHILDREN boarded: best of care and «*•£-
enees; pleasant home. 316 Fifth ave.. Rich-
mond.
REFINED home for little girl, music included.
$15 per month. 3181 24th st.. nr. Howard.
GOOD home, good care for one or two chil-
dren. 85 Rausch et.
WANTED — Children to board. 245 Minna, st.
GOOD home for boy over 6 years; near park.
174D Fnlton %t. ,,
A GIRL and boy baby to beard at 604 Octavia
street.
¦ BOOKS.
SCHOOL books, old and new, bought and sold.
DALY fc CURRAN. 657 Geary st.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrowing nails treated free
to September 1: no cutting: no soreness af-
terward. DR. W. A. DAWES. 233 Geary st..
room 8.
CXOTHPffQ BBKOVATIgO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis et.. room 14;
phone Dnimm 44. Call for and deltvrr free.
co^MOTioiirjorriS?!?:
Bad tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 8-10: tel. Main I~>30.
COTTAGES TO T3ZT.
CASELLI ave.. near Eighteenth st. — New.
modern cottage. 4 sunny rooms and bath;
Inclosed porch and basement; large gar-
dent; rent $10 SO.
NINETEENTH. 3952-3972— A modern, sunny
cottage of six rooms and bath: tinted, etc.;
Mission warm belt; also a fine sunny flat
same size. _^
FOUR rooms; furnished and unfurnished; $15
up. 1483 48th ave.. Ocean Boulevard.
4-ROOM cottage; nicely furnished; $15. 1354
Forty-eighth ave. (Carville.)
SUNNY cottage 4 large rooms; yard; gas;
basement; rent $14. 2331 Greenwich st.
$22.50 — LOVELY sunny cottage; 6 rooms, bath;
water free. 95 Cumberland et.. cor. Dolores.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms; e,very convenience. 3213
Folsom; rent $18. Key 350 Precita ave.
FILBERT. 1108. near Leavenworth — Sunny
cottage. 4 rooms; large yard: rent $13 50.
COTTAGES WANTED.
BERKELEY. Oakland or Alameda— Young
couple want furnished cottage- or flat within
short distance of station; garden; no chil-
dren. Box 340. Call office.
BUSIiraSSCEANCES.
A — $1250; COFFEE and tea store with route of
customers, horse, wagon, etc. ; in best busi-
ness town across the bay; full value in sight;
a well established and good paying business.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A — $1500; CORNER saloon; In choicest location
of the Mission; rent $20; place established
many years; doing a good paying business.
See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st. \
$2000 — BARBER shop; 4 chairs: elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75, Including 7 rooms; located In the
choicest business part of this city. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26 Vj Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25: >
dally receipts about $2O: best location north I
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tift !
•Kearny st.
A — $1600; THE leading oyster-house and res-
taurant in Santa Rosa; rent $50: business
established years and making money. See
R. G. WILKE. 28H Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE; the best In Sonoma j
County; house of 6 rooms, orchard etc.; 4^
years' lease; investigate at once; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1SCO; CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cations in this city; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 2ft% Kearny st.
A — $1200; corner saloon on Ellis st.. rent $40,
lease; dally receipts $18; fine location, good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2<J% Kearny.
A — $1200; corner family liquor store; choicest
location in Western Add.; value in sight
and a good paying business; 44& years'
lease. Call R. Q. WILKE. 2tf^ Kearny st.
A — $6500; SALOON, one of the best on Market
St.: 4%-year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$350 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26 fc
Kearny st. __
A— $2000; HOTEL In San Mateo Co.: 28 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagen and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2tHX>; CORNER saloon; only one block of
Market St.; place established years; 4 rooms
upstairs; lease: rent $70; a good business.
See R. O. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A — $2000; CORNER saloon; living rooms;
place establ. years; doing a good-paying busi-
rtss; lease; sickness of owner compels him
to sacrifice. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton '
st.; rent $60: living rooms: stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See It. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $350; CORNER cigar stand on water front;
rent $25; value in sight; a good business.
See R. G. WILKE. 2<i%, Kearny st.
A— $1750: GROCERY and bar; located In the •
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co. ;
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000: CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See H. O. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— $800: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26%' Kearny.
A— $35O0; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
GROCERY and family liquors, with four
rooms above; modern; will sell property
either with or without store; small cash pay-
ment down, balance on easy payments; this
place la In a growing part of the city, with
a good trade and no opposition.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.,
1312 Market st..
Rooms 418-419. Tel. Folsom 34C3.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wloh to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cigar stand, saloon or business of
any kind, do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St..
rooms 418-419; telephone Folsom 346S.
FOR a genuine bargain in delicatessen store I
offer cheap a fine established business^ good
location; cash trade and large returns on In-
vestment; full Investigation Invited. 217
Sixth st.: no agents.
GENTLEMAN with business experience to
invest $2000 to $0000 In established manu-
facturing business, to enlarge and incor-
porate: may take an active part. Box 670
Call office; ' y v;
FOR sale— Dressmaking and balrdresslng busi-
ness; good trade; sickness cacse. Box 4'j'J
Call office.
BAKERY, for sale at a bargain If taken Im-
mediately; party wants to go to World's
Fair. Call at 2757 Twenty-fourth st.
$100— GOOD, well-paying business; must he
sold at once: owner leaving city: fine chance
for young man; call Monday. 917 Market st.
BUY my cigar 'store: you will make $2 60 per
day; I am sick; good stock. 400 Ninth st.
CIGAR stand for *ale cheap; price $125; worth
$200. Call 24 Seventh st.
A CIGAR store and laundry office; clears $100
* month. Apply 118% Foorth st.
CIGAR stand at sacrifice; only $300: only $5fr
rent. Apply at stand. 5 Mason st.
$500— RESTAURANT, oyster-house; handsome
place; 2 entrances; must be sold. 739 Market
¦t. room 12.. THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904.
41
ED TJCATIOIf A_ — OonU n-od.
CLASSES In short story writing and journalism
meet on Hon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable. ',
60c AND 75c a lesson for the best piano In-
struction by a German lady. MRS. KOS-
TA, 764 Geary st
P. LA VILLA'S "Italian Method of Singing.
N. B.— Special terms for professionals. 646
Sutter st.
LILLIAN F. BROWN, piano and clarinet
teacher; special care given beginners." 1607
Sacramento at -
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 6C2 Van Ness
. ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
PIANO lessons. 25c; rapid. Interesting novel
method. MRS. TOBIAS. 1121 McAllister et
A MUSICIAN teaches piano^and singing thor-
oughly In six months; $3. Box 702, pall.
GENTLEMAN teacher teaches all English
branches. German. French. Box 170, Call.
SPANISH classes and private; fifth successful
year of teaching. PROF. MAYA, 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE lessons In telegraphy; rapid success
assured to students. 246 Scott st, nr. Halght.
KENT Law School, day and night. Send for
particulars, 530 Parrott building.
PIANO Instruction given: $10 for ten lessons;
ah experienced teacher. Box 415, Call.
MANDOLIN thoroughly taught; young begin-
ners specialty; reas. 1B28 Calif ornla,nr. Polk.
SHORTHAND taught thor"ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett 802 Montg*my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINQTON'S. 424 Pine st— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght;
Individual lnstruc; all branches; day, eve.
WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt. com-
plete course, $6 mo. $30; eve. $4 mo.; private
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave.. 3. F.? 75-page catalog on request.
Ea~?xoxT-e-r~_o~-icg8^
X — JAPANESE! and Chinese employment offlce
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
a IMURA. 838 Sacramento. Tel. James 5201.
A — ORPHBTUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chlneae help. 426 Powell st; tel. Main 6752.
we furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL," 509 Hearst bid.
JAPAN ES_- Chinese Etnp. Offlce, 415 Stockton;
best help. Frits Tamaga—l.mgr. ;tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japaneae-Chtnese Employment Of-
floe; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY _ CO.. 040 Clay.
~-rP_O¥-l_flT WASfTEP — r_MA_B.
YOUNG. oap-bl« seoond girl wants a situa-
tion; has best of references from her last
place. Address MISS PLUNKETT, 423 Sut-
ter st, near Powell.
LADY wants to work by the day. 649 Howard
street
WOMAN wants work by the day. M., box
122. Call office.
YOUNG woman wants situation as seamstress.
T., box 124. Call office.
WANTED — Position as cook; good references.
Box 180, Call offlce.
SWEDISH girl would like housework; good
cook. Box 183, Call offlce.
POSITION as child's nurse. Apply 849
Clementina st
A DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments by day. Apply 4G0 Fourth st.
' ! : ** ' m ¦
SITUATION as talloress. 1909 Mission st
WOMAN wanta work as waitress. Box 149.
Call offlce. -
WOMAN wants mending to do. 118 Ryan ave.
WANTED — Washing by the day. Apply 703
{ Bryant st.
j YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer;
; 3 years' experience. Box 77, Call offlce.
A GOOD seamstress would like to get sewing
in city or country; 75c a day. Box 73, Call.
SEAMSTRESS wants work by the day. Ad-
dress i>04 Leavenworth st.
SITUATION wanted as nurse girl. Address
box on. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by day. Box 68, Call
offlce. <
YOUNG woman wants work; -plain sewing.
208 Natoma St. -• , ¦ '" ;
I WANTED — Work by the day, : washing and
i ironing. Box S5, Call.
WOMAN wanta housework. Address box 01
Call offlce.
WOMAX wishes to do washing by the day.
21 White «t. w
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing,
Ironing and house cleaning; $1 35 per day.
MItS. E, PAGE. 20C Jessie st.
POSITION wanted at bookkeeping; references.
823 U Eddy st.
j WOMAN wanta washing by the day. 202t
! Powell st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper, rooming-
house preferred. M. 8., box 168, Call.
GOOD laundress wants work by the day or
half day; 73c and $1 50. Box ie6. Call.
YOUNG woman wants housework. Apply 158
Tehama st.
WOMAN wants to go out housecleanlng by
the day. Address 635 Guerrero st.
GIRL, 16, wants situation In store. 122 Tay-
lor st.
¦ '
LADY wants mending to do. <s610 Bryant st
LADY wants sewing. - 1518 Mission st
YOUNG woman wants position to do light
housework. Box 171. Call.
A WOMAN goes out washing by the day. Call
at ie9 Mc*s ave.
WOMAN wants plain sewing to do. Box* 174.
Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 869 Mission
street.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 837% Na-
toma st.
YOUNG girl wishes to care for baby. ETHEL
HOLLY. 108 McAllister et.
A WOMAN wanta to go out washing. 1869
Moes ave.
YOUNG girl wlshen to work In factory. Ad-
dress A. 8.. 281 Clinton Park.
WANTED — Place as nurse girl. Box 111, Call
office.
STRONG woman wants work by the day. Box
112, Call offlce.
WOMAN wants washing by the day. 170
Clara st
COMPETENT woman wishes position as
housekeeper In private family. 282 Capp st.
A WOMAN wishes house cleaning. 245 Minna
Btreet.
DRESSMAKER" wishes work; $1 50 day. 1253
Howard st.
DEMONSTRATOR wants position; reference*
given. Box 199, Call offlce.
! WORK wanted by the day or half day; 75c to
| $1 50; 8 to 2. Box 198, Call offlce.
YOUNQ lady wants copying or writing even-
Ings. ¦ Box 197, Call offlce.
A" FIRST-CLASS German lady desires cooking
by the day. Call at 1507 California st.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing. 63 Natoma st
WOMAN wishes position waiting on table. 843
Howard st.
A WOMAN wishes to do plain sewing. Ad-
drees box 299, Call offlce.
A YOUNG lady would like writing to do at
her own home. . Box 458, Call offlce.
A NEAT young woman wants housework. Ad-
dress E. L., 1408 Powell et.
WANTED— A position as housemaid. Address
729 Mission st t
DRESSMAKER wishes ..position; $150 day.
125S Howard «t. .
GIRL wishes position to take care of baby.
1S94 Mission st. ' . - .
SALESLADY wants work. 647 Ellis at
YOUNG lady want9 position to learn millinery.
Box 469. Call offlce.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer.
Box 461, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED ' bookkeeper wants situation.
' 1510 Dolores " st ,
A POSITION at figuring by experienced young
lady. Box 468. Call offlce. ¦¦¦ ; *
.WANTED — By , young woman, position plain
sewing. Box 467, Call offlce. . ¦ ¦• ¦<¦.-.
COMPETENT : woman : wants day work, cook-
Ing, washing or. cleaning; references. Ad-
dress Work, box 299. Call.
___»_<) xTtt-HT WA3rT-P— rgm-I»-Coa {
POSITION wanted as . chambermaid. A.
ANIGBOLKA. box 457. Call offlce.
A GIRL wishes a Job as saleslady. «• Jes-
sie st -;.?- j
GERMAN sirl wishes a place for seoond work;
wages $25. Box 481. Call offlce.
WANTED — Situation as second girl m prirate
family. Apply 153 Tehama St.. flat 1.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position as
housekeeper In good family. Box 118. Call.
GIRL 15 . years wants a position. Box 29ti3,
Call offlce.
GOVERNESS would like position with family
In country. Box 290, Call.
A YOUNG lady wishes a lady roommate. 4SS
Crar;- st
WANTED — Position as offlce assistant; whole-
sale house; references. Box 305. Call.
A YOUNG woman wishes light housework In
a nice home. Box 306, Call.
WANTED— Sewing. $1 35 per day. 1620 Castro
street
WANTED— Position as saleslady tn cloak
house. Box 267, Call.
WOMAN wants work by day. washing or
cleaning:. 817% Tehama St.. in rear.
A DRESSMAKER wants work by the day.
1308 Howard st.
LADY wants a position aa compositor; 5 years'
experience. Address O. S. G.. 2635 Mission.
COMPETENT young lady bookkeeper desires
position In Insurance office or wholesale
house as general office assistant; references.
Box 265. Call.
SITUATION wanted as a housekeeper.- Box
264. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as a cashglrL BECKIB
COHN, 816 Webster st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class salea__r
In cloaks and suits. Box 407. Call. •
A YOUNG lady wants a position a- saleslady.
Box 9682, Call office.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper. Address
box 309. Call office. •
REFINED lady, competent linguist (French.
German. Spanish), wishes position as reoep-
tlon lady or Interpreter; good references; sev-
eral years experience as college teacher. Box
314. Call offlce. ¦
SERVANT girl wants work. Box 515. Call
offlce.
"LADY would like some light work to do dur-
ing the day; sleep home. Address box 437,
Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS laundress want- work »y the
day. $1 25. 549 Minna st . ,
WANTED — To do renovation on waists, skirts.
etc., at 1725 Fulton st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes housework, city
or country; kind to children. _ Address 1103
Powell st. *
EXPERIENCED German woman wishes work
by the day washing. Ironing and house-
cleaning. $1 50 a day. Address box 431, Call.
YOUNG woman wants position as housekeeper.
Apply 140« Ellis st. -
WILL take orders for Battenberg or point
lace. Box 4045. Call office.
REFINED, mlddle-aged'woman wishes position
as working housekeeper; small family; good
plain cook: city or close vicinity: moderate
wages. Address box 57S. Call offlce.
YOUNG girl wants position as nurseglrl. K.
G., 222 Buena Vista st.
WANTED— Position as seamstress. Apply 607
Octavla st
GIRL wishes position In doctor's offlce. 8133
Pierce st.
WANTED — A position by a flrst-olass fitter
and alteration hand. Address box 59, 530 !
Golden Gate ave.
COMPETENT cook, some wash; wages $30.
$35: first-class references; car fare. 842
Minna st.
GIRL wishes a situation taklnp care of baby
after school hours and Saturday. Apply at
15 Goilins st.. off. Mission.
GIRL wants situation to help In housework.
Box 513. Call offlce.
VISITING milliner desires engagements. Ad-
dress Milliner -132 McAllister at.; phone Jes-
sie 1443.
FITTER, employed, wants to change place;
satisfactory city references. Box 515, Call.
WANTED — Position as stenographer. _ox 518.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position.
Address J. S.. 1050'A Mission st.
WANTED — Penwork. such as billing, address-
Ing envelopes for circulars, statements, etc.,
or copying. Address box 661. Call offlce.
WANTED — A set of books to keep evenings.
Address box 5C0, Call offlce.
WOMAN wants situation general housework,
city or country. 10 Wetmore place, off Clay
st., near Mason.
LADY wishes to go out sewing by the day.
1654 Webster st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the
day or at home. $2 and lunch; I make chil-
dren's and misses' school dresses as well. 27B
Pearl st. bet. Market, Valencia and 13th.
PARTY with large family of children wants
to get work to be done home. Address box
B12. Call offlce.
BY first- class French cook, good references,
dinner party or by the day, week or month.
Call or addreas French Cook. 713 Ellis st.
GERMAN woman wants washtng and cleaning
for Thursday and Friday. Apply 1433 Fif-
teenth ave., south.
BY a first-class German cook by the day.
week or month; good references. 423 Geary.
WOMAN wants work by the day. $1 00 and
car fare. 1258 Howard st
YOUNG woman wishes position as waitress In
city or country hotel. Address 940 Howard.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work by the
day. C85 Ellin st
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 319
Tehama st.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer would like private cus-
tomers or will assist in millinery store. Ad-
dress box S63, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants po-
sition as housekeeper In city or country.
S67A Minna st.
WANTED— Plain sewing to do at 1725 Ful-
ton st.
YOUNG girl would like position as errand
Sirl. Apply 530 Natoma st.
REFINED young lady wishes situation as
bookkeeper; has a knowledge of shorthand.
614 Jones st.
WANTED — By competent person, situation to
tako out child In afternoon from 1 to 6;
best of references. Box 374, Call offlce.
HOUSEKEEPER; woman with a child 6
months old; city or ranch. 558 Stockton st.
A YOUNG girl would like to have a position
as bookkeeper. Box 868, Call offlce.
YOUNG German woman wishes position In
delicatessen store; willing to help In kitchen.
Address b*rc 426. Call offlce.
COPYING to do at home. Address box 595,
Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
housccleaning; $1 50 and car fare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
SITUATION wanted aa a housekeeper. Apply
MRS. BENNETT, 074 Jackson st.
POSITION In architect's offlce to make trac-
ings and typewrite. Box 598. Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY woman of refinement would
like to take charge of rooming house. Box
697. Call office.
A YOUNG girl Would like to learn a trade.
Box 5S1. Call offlce.
LADY would like to go o'ut sewing by the
day. Apply 154 Tehama St.
GIRL wants housework; city; $25. Box 110,
Call offlce.
GERMAN woman wants housekeeping posi-
tion. 316 Prospect ave.
YOUNG lady wishes position delicatessen,
bakery; references. Call 1220 Foisom st.
A — CAPABLE woman desires housework by the
day. Apply 804 Howard st.
WANTED — Plain sewing. 7S9 Stevenson st
—LDERLY lady wants plain sewing. SS Oak
St.. room 1.
EXPERIENCED packer desires position In
. candy factory. 30 Mary st.
YOUNG girl desires 3 position In wholesale
candy factory; experienced packer. 14 Las-
kle st.
YOUNG lady would like position In- offlce.
; ,616 Ellis st.
YOUNG lady wants position In candy store.
Address 664 O'Farrell at.
_M-»_O-Z_rEJTT WA-TT-P—gen-ato-Co-.
GIRL wants situation aa nurseglrl. Box 466.
"Call office.
WOMAN would like a place for housework.
342 Minna st
PLAIN sewing. MRS. RILEY. 644 Sterenson
street.
_____ |
SITUATION as a talloress. 420 Church st |
SALESLADY wants position. 627 Larkln
street
vWANTED — Position as lady companion. Ad-
dress box 48G. Call offlce.
YOUNG Swedish woman would like situation
for general housework; private family; good
cook. Address Rene House, 1235 Market st.
TRUSTWORTHY woman with excellent refer-
ences for washing; $1 35 per day. Box 454,
Call offlce.
A RELIABLE woman to care for Invalid; good
references; reasonable. Address box 453, Call.
AN experienced ladles' nurse wishes engage-
ments $10 a week. Call 471tf Tehama st
POSITION as milliner Sunday. MRS. LAN-
DES. 251 LeavrnwoTth st.
WANTED — Position as typewriter and short-
hand. Box 307, Call.
CASHIER wants a position. 9 Langton st
JOB wanted as telephone girl. Box 361, Call
office,
AN experienced halrdress wants positions at
private houses. 826 Brannan st
WOMAN wants plain sewing:. Apply box 438,
Call office.
WOULD like to do washing and mending. 181
Clara st.
WOMAN wants plain sewing. Call 181
Thirteenth st
WANTED— Plain sewing. 49 Eighth st.
A LADY wishes position as housekeeper. Box
352. Call.
WOMAN wishes housework by the day. Box
851, Call.
WANTED — A position for fine pastry and
cakes. Apply 156 Clinton Park, off Valencia
St.. between Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
WANTED — A few hours' work dally. Apply
156 Clinton Park, off Valencia st, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call IS
Shipley st. ; rear.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position In
small family to do housework. Address 1420
Stockton Bt.
GOOD cook wants a situation. Address 1020
Oak st.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged lady as
housekeeper; wages no object. Apply at 1204
Mission st.
WANTED— Sewing a't home. Box 24S, Call
office.
NEAT young French girl, 19 years of age,
desires situation with a respectable family.
Address 1717 Prince st., South Berkeley, Cal.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wants engage-
ments by the day. Address 227 San Jose ave.
GOOD seamstress wishes a few more engage-
ments by the day. Box 12S, Call office.
WANTED — A position , as chambermaid. OS
Clementina st.
PLAIN sewing neatly done. Call 1446 Clay
St., or phone Larkln 4711.
WANTED— -Work by dressmaker. 167 Tehama
street. >
MENDING and plain sewing done. 771 Eddy
street.
POSITION as ho-sekeeper. MRS. HART, 702
Webster it.
YOUNG lady wants a situation In the country.
125 Taylor st.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
finements invalids; cheerful, painstaking;
reteiences- moderate terms. MRS. KING,
115'J Turk st. .
SITUATION wanted by a Rrot-claso saleslady
in millinery. Box 414, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED woman would like sewing by
the. day. Box 2SG, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position a* cashier; short hours.
Address box 2S7. Call offlce.
LADY wishes place to do washing. Apply at
* 142 Ninth et.
WASHING done by the day by German lady.
21 Harrison ave.
A SALESLADY would like position In a dry
goods store. Box 203, Call office.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagement
by the day; $1 30; dresses altered; perfect
fit guaranteed. Address box 209, Call offlce.
COOK would like situation. Apply box 251,
Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing. 79 Natoma
street. - -*
WANTED — By elderly woman, plain washing
at home. Box 243, Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes chamber work; state wages
paid In answer. Box 2S6, Call offlce.
EMBROIDERY — Monograms and Initials em-
broidered; highest class of work; low prices.
MRS. GUGENHEIMER, 1127 O'Farrell at
YOUNG girl would like a position as servant
220, Call offlce.
A YOUNG girl desires a situation in respect-
able family to care for children. Address
11^ Shipley st.
WANTED — Situation by first-class cloak and
suit saleslady. Box 229, Call offlce.
A WOMAN with a child would like position
In country as cook. Address A. G., 1305
Green st.
A WOMAN wants chamberwork; day or month.
MRS. K., 664 ft Mission st
WOMAN wishes plain sewing. 154 Howard
street.
YOUNG lady wants position to learn milli-
nery trade. Address box 223, Call offlce.
A WOMAN wishes to take In washing. Address
12C Natoma st.
WOMAN wants work by ths day. 122S Mis-
sion st. .
WOMAN wants work by the day. 174 Fourth
St.. room 30.
WOMAN wants situation as waitress; refer-
ences. Box 279, Call.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Apply
265 Minna st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 1419 How-
ard st.
A SWEDISH woman wishes situation as house-
keeper; city or country. Box 98, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 9%
Salmon st., off Pacific, near Taylor.
EXPERT laundress wishes work Monday,
Tuesday; $1 60. " Address L. M.. 243% Har-
riet at
LADY wishes plain sewing to do. MRS. B.,
844 Howard st. I
FIRST-CLASS saleslady desires position.
MIES L. JONES. 724 Fulton St.
POSITION as stenographer. E. R. B., 462
Eddy st, room 16.
WANTED — Plain sewing; to be done at home.
1725 Fulton st.
<
SITUATION wanted addressing envelopes at
home. Box 272. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
house-cleaning. Box 277, Call.
YOUNG Rlrl wants to f work In .factory. Ad-
dress 270 Clinton Park.
WANTED — A position to copy MSS. for au-
thors. 902 Powell st.
WANTED— A position as governess by French
lady; city or country. Box 252, Call offlce.
PLAIN sewing clone at 1733 Fulton st.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing. 245 Minna et.
FIRST-CLASS cook; good referencees. Calf~at
1622 Leavenworth st.
WOMAN wants position as nurse. 1215 Vallejo
• street. ,
YOUNG girl wants offlce work. MISS R., 844
. Howard «>t.
WANTED — Position as cashier; references. Box
455. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as saleslady; references
given. Box 485, Call office." . -v":
SITUATION' as forelady In candy store. Box
456. Call offlce.
COMPETENT stenographer wishes employ-
ment; good references; willing to work long
J hotira ; $40 or |35. . Box 418. Call office.
m_P_O YMEKT \yA3TT_— >— _*«n_ I^-Con
WOMAN wishes to do washing in a prtratw
family. 3136 Pierce st
GIRL would like situation at light ho— »•
work. S3l First st.
COMPETENT stenographer and bookkeeper
wishes position; six years' experience; b«st
references. Box 590. Call office.
YOUNO woman wishes position In »a__y.
Apply 1020% Foisom st
HAIRDRESSER, desires few mors private ens.
tomers: reasonable; references. Box £02.
Call offlce.
'WANTED— Plain sewing for children fay day
or week. Phone John 7241.
YOUNO woman wishes position as house-
keeper. 24S Leavenworth st.
YOUNG lady at present employed in. one of
the largest wholesale houses In this dry.
expert stenographer and typewriter, with
best of references, desires to change position;
salary $13. Address Resume, 942 Geary st.
POSITION as stenographer; reference*. Box
716, Call office.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper by lady;
references. . Box 593. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a Orst-class saleslady.
Box 304. Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker. 638 Jessie st
NURSEGIRL wants place. 1003 Sacramento st,
SITUATION as first-class cook; city or coun-
try: best references. Apply 827 Fourth st.
MOTHER and daughter would like positions as
housekeeper. Box 634. Call.
MIDDLE- A GED woman wishes chamber work.
32* Hyde St.
WANTED — Copying to do at home. 1810 Do-
lore» it.
A POSITION as child's nurse. Apply 448
Clementina st
EXPERIENCED person wants a situation as
lady's governess. 661 Stevenson st-, between
Seventh and Eighth.
BOOKKEEPER of 10 years' experience deslrea
position; best references. Box 8S9. Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires perma-
nent position. Box 393, Call.
POSITION as companion. Box T03, C— _
LADY wishes to take care of children or In-
valid lady; kind and experienced nurse. 033
Mission st.
A YOUNO lady would like a position to d»
light housework. '£37 Hayes st
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer.
Apply 833 Harrison st
WANTED— By young girl, position as second
girl or to help In small family. . 73 Ninth su
A YOUNG woman would like situation as wait-
ress In city; wages $25. Address 8*4 Wash-
ington st, Oakland.
TAILORESS wanta place. 121 Ituas St.. be-
tween Howard and Foisom.
DRESSMAKER wants place. 120 Russ st, be-
tween Howard and Foisom.
DRESSMAKER wants position. MI3S DAVIS.
1010 Jackson st.
STYLISH dressmaker wants 3 days more sew-
ing. 248% Harret st.
SITUATION wanted as nurse. 833 Union st
WANTED — Position as attendant In a doc-
tor's office; no objection to light upstairs
work; best references. Box 491. Call office.
WAITRESS wants position. Apply 410 Minna
I street.
WOMAN wanta work by day washing or
cleaning house: $1 60 day. Address MRS.
'McMAHON. 1138 Howard »t-
YOUNG lady cashier wishes a position. Box
640, Call offlce. t
YOUNG German woman wants a place. Box
544. Call offlce.
WANTED — Situation as nurse girl. Box 643.
Call offlce.
MIDDLE-aged lady would like a position In
the country. 637 Oak ft.
TVAXTED — Work by day, plain sewing, from
9 to 4:30: $1. Phone John 7241.
YOUNG lady would like position In a store.
20S Natoma st.
DRESSMAKER wishes all kinds of sewing;
reasonable. M. Al.. 126 Langton st. (rear).
WANTED — Position as nurse rirl. Box 603.
Call offlce. >
GIRL wants light housework. 211 Geary st.
POSITION as housekeeper. Box 682, Call of-
fice.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 691.
Call oXflce.
YOUNG woman would like to take charge of
a small lodging-house. Address 21S Turk st.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter, desires posi-
tion; offlce work; permanent; references; $'t
. week. Box CSO, Call offlce,
CASH girl wishes situation. 1180B Harrison
street.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer
and typewriter; fair wages. Address L. N.
W.. Call office.
WANTED — Position by experienced book-
keeper; references. Box 626, Call office.
GIRL wishes position as apprentice In mil-
linery store. Box 705, Call office.
WANTED — Position as wrapper In dry goods
store. Box 600, Call office.
WANTED — Yoking woman -wishes chamber'
work. Box 704, Call offlce.
PLAIN sewing wanted by the day. 434 Sec-
ond ave.
POSITION by a quiet refined lady, with little
girl, as housekeeper; no objections to coun-
try. Box 1346. Call office, Oakland.
NURSERY governess desires position with
children of from 3 to 12 years: good refer-
ences; wares $30. Box 1343. Call. Oakland.
A — EXPERIENCED, practical young business
woman, competent, successful, wishes col-
lections from, few more firms; also good side
line soliciting; bank reference*. 4186fr 17th.
YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier fn res-
taurant Box 637, Call offlce.
BY a capable business woman, position with
responsible house. Box 636, Call offlce.
POSITION as dressmaker. Apply at 807 Fol-
som st.
RELIABLE! German girl wants housework in
small family; wages |25. Box S48, Call.
BOOKKEEPER — Young lady having 5 years'
experience would like a position as book-
keeper or assistant; best of references; mod-
erate salary. Box 397. Call office.
YOUNG lady would like work as stenographer
few hours In evening. Box 610, Call offlce.
"WOMAX wishes plain sewlns;. B& Washing-
ton ave.
YOUNG lady would like to address enYelope*
at - home. 1212 Broderick st.
SITUATION as waitress. MRS. HART. 732^
Webster st.
WANTED — Situation - as seamstress. MRS.
FISHER. 416 Fell St.
SITUATION as housekeeper. 509 H — eaven-
worth st. - « ¦
COMPETENT assistant bookkeeper. Box 629,
Call offlce. ¦
FRENCH woman would like work by the day.
Box 712. Call office.
DRESSMAKING In families by experienced
dressmaker; latest designs; also ladies'
dresses renovated; $1 40 per day. Box 70S,
Call office.
YOUNG ladv would like position In a doc-
tor's offlci. 821 Eddy st
WANTED — Work by the day. housecleaning;
no washing. Phone James 2161.
YOUNG lady wishes office work. Call 1709
Geary st. ¦•/.¦•"-;•.¦-'
WANT work by the day; all kinds of work.
Phone Scott 1324. - - *
LADY wishes situation at sewing. Box 697,
Call office. •
SERVANT Jrtrl wants position. 1307 Devlsa-
dero st.
BTRONG, willing woman wants washing or
day's work. Box 695. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED cook desires employment;
best of references. £4 South Park.
GOOD all round laundress, by the day. Per-
manent address. 888 Fifth st.
For Additional Classified Advertl*©-
inents See Pago 42,
BTTSnTESS CH-JfCES — Continued.
A-lcAiIERON & CO. Phone South 105O.
3 Eddy et.. cor. Market and Powell.
•Keadcjuarttrs for all kinds of business chance*.
FOR «*.!•— -Well furnished 5-roo_ ark, moored
'•ne* hour's r:<3e from city; fine chance for
fumm»r outing: a';so fcr winter shooting- and
fli-hicg; comi>I~<rtc!r furnished and equipped
for housekeeping-; aulomatlo e*ne— ators for
tr.aktrg own jhs; toilet; closets; everything
etrictly r.ew _id modern; accommodate 12
people over nlgiu; perfect little home; owner
obliged to po East; m&ke offer. CAMERON
_ CO., S Eddy ft.
For sale or trade — Quarts mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
frr nr.g.-1'.s. or business. CAME-RON.3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange Income property in
A&mcda for stock of merchandise in San
. Francisco. CAMEUON & CO., 3 Eddy st
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rfwming-houtes arnS business chances. CAM-
ERCJ." _ CO.. 3 Edfly st.
FOIt e&te — Wholesale and retal manufactory
for making all kinds of toilet articles, such
as face creajr.s, u>oth powders, shampooing
liquids, cold creams, toilet waters, perfumes,
etc.; established 4 years; will bear strictest
investigation: above fe»ods in daily use and
tr.utt be had; guarantee hendsome profits;
must* sacrifice on account cf sickness; price
$500. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st
FOR sale — Well eQUlpped millinery store;
beautiful showe_»es. counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of iffcds; doing pood busi-
ness; fine location; fittings cost more than
price asked; fc'.g er.ap u.t $1000; sickness, j
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Grocers', cre_v.ery. hay, feed, also !
berlej mill plant; best Ir.terlcr city In Call- j
forr.'.a.; over 4000 population; sold as whole J
I <x Separately, fine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive Interests
"elsewhere only reason for selling: books open
for inspection. For particulars, see CAM-
EJtON & CO.. S Edfiy st.
WHOLESALE ar.4 retail business, with large
territorial franchises controlling eal« of a
»t*ap!e manufactured article; established |
b'3riaesi: rapidly Increasing: big future cer- i
ta!n; excellent opening fcr energetic man. I
Bex 13C3, Call office. Oakland.
GOOD" paylrig established harness, carriage '
and trimrr.lng busmers; eelllr.g account slck-
r.»(. Adfiree* box 1339, Call office, Oakland.
PHY.SICIAN'S office and practice in Mexico; !
go "competition ; up-to-date town, 20.000 pop- J
ulatlcn; t snap. Address box 1S5S. Call. j
FOR eel? — Fruit end grocery store: established •
8 years; soiling account ill health; bargain. !
23 Teierrai h ave., Oakland.
KOR EALE — Gooi corner naloon or half ln-
tcj-eet; lease; good location. Box C99, Call.
$5O0 — HALF interest in Invention; used by j
everybody; preat merit; big profit; reference.
Box 7fc.0. Call office.
PARTIES to -Invest email amount in a gold
, rr-.ine. Address box 210, Call office.
ETO'^K fixtures; lease of saloon; well located;
r.o egents. Apply 251 Fell et
WaANTED — A desirable saloon in good locality; |
Tvaiirg to five $soo or $900. Box 429. Call. |
TV ANTED — Gentleman partner; ro competition; j
• require* tv.o men. Hex S77. Call office.
WANTED — Grocery an«l bar In good growing t
l'.>ation. Box 4004, Call office.
FOR r«r.T— Furnished botc 1 in Ban Miguel. San i
Luis Ofa_TO Co. Inq. W. V.. 620 Lyon st. j
I WANT to run the chicker. end of your ranch. !
What fftciS!t:eg have you? Box S92, Call.
FOR tale— Printing office, cheap; cause, death, j
lt'^4 St:s«ion ft.
j
SMALL funcs to te*t theory in mechanic*: '
va!u&t>, patentable; pood prop. Box 5«52.Call. i
$5 r i" — INTKRKST in established crflce bus!.
r-ei-s; will pay $100 month. Box 554. Call.
-¦WANTED — T» buy a restaurant; state rent, j
s-«tit:g rararity. €tc. Address box 3500, Call. |
WANTED— A partner for restaurant. Box 68. j
CaM -of See.
A WELL- ESTABLISHED winery for sale, or :
will .take a partner. Bex 80. C?al! office.
— _ j
CIGAR etcre for sale. Apply 5S1 Geary st.
WANTED — To interview cr correspond with '.
parties desir.ns investments. Box 4S0S, Call. |
J1500 BUYS !r.tere*t in best paying grocery In :
city; r.o agents.. Box 751, Call office.
YOUNG man for office and light work; $75 !
month; $i:50 required. 36 Geary St., room 0. j
RESTAURANT and cyster stand; cheap; must j
be t>old: pco'l busings. Apply *i n«Jdy, r. 111. 1
FOR tale — Gen'l rrds». store at invoice. See !
T\'m. Cluff Co., wholesale grocers, S. F.
A— 5:;0G; PARTNER wanted In llpht business ]
6u:;r-ii to plain, steady man satisfied with $15 j
\>j $po a re<-k. 47 Gesn- St., room 5.
EDUCATED woman with some means would
like to find poztBer in a gco<i money-making
bu'sinfFS. Write bex 2 c 0. Call.
$900 1V1LL tray good comn-.izslon business In !
* Oak'.and- established trade: Al location; act j
Illlllli i1t-*rf-. liox 1336. Call office. Oakland, j
CIGAR store, must be eold; old established; ]
ch^ap rent; iftase. Box 1324, Call office, <
Oakland.
PtATINUM j'J.cto sfjfllo fcr sa'e cheap at '¦
San Jf.t-e. Particulars 1 750 Stanyan et.
. . j
FOR rer.t — A tslnrn ar.d 7 roenxs. Apply to
ANTONE DAVIU.A, Alvarado. Cal. •
A BRANCH olf:ce of The Call for the reception '
cf a(2v«?rti£ern<=ntF and EUbscriptlcns has been 1
topgaeS at 10W Market rt., opposite Fifth, j
Open until 11 p. m.
BAXTTA C3tt~- BtrSXISXSS CHAI7CES.
RESTAURANT. '
RESTAURANT.
OESXAUBANT.
For quick action we have to-day one of the
frfatfifit opport uniti&s in restaurant and liv- i
ing rooms' in any man's town; everything ¦
ccmplrte; centrally located; good trade and .
.ir.a^ing money; best cf reasons for celling; :
write or telegraph fcr particulars.
Oiher chances in other lines.
ADAMS & BARRY,
Tfee LeaClr.g Business Brokers cf Santa Cru«.
MARION GRIFFIN.
40C" Hearst ui£a., over Eiamimr entrance,
Cj.i. Tbird and Market sts. TeL Black 3007. j
Rooming-nouses and hotelE fcr Bale.
— _ , 1
8- BROOMS; corcer Louse; centrally located; !
*til lurnithed; ti-ansient house; r-l^a_ring now j
ever $-<¦'" }j*?i tnu. ; properly conducted would i
cltar HWJ Lu SoSA»; long lease; 0:1 account of !
(*vere tick ness of owner; no reasonable offer i
wrttl tic- refused. Particulars M. GRIFFIN. .
70 KOOMS; commercial hotel and bar; located !
jn one ot C—i-orsia'e finest and most flour- j
"JKhiiJi Interior c:titrs-; thoroughly known all 1
over the £_te; clears lrom $^>.w to $400 every !
month; almost a elltit *.">i«kj. Particulars!
iiAlilOX GK11T1X. 4i*i Kxaminer building. 4
__ j
_5 ROOMS." business coiner; clearing big 'j
money; Investigate _aJ make offer; It's a i
enap which you will recognise as soon as j
you get particulars frcm M. GRIFFIN.
10-ROOM ho'ise: well furnished; rent only $40; j
cl^se in; this week lor $45u. M. GRXKFIN.
GjRAND corner house of 24 rooms, all bay-win- I
dntr*; erery convenience; handsomely fur- I
r.is-1-ed; private bath suites; lease; a money- i
r:ia!<cr. MARION GRIFFIN.
31 ROOMS. 10 furnish*^ new, 12 rented unfur- ]
r.lslu-d; rent only $1.10; price only $1500; half
o ril£ ti if you wi?h; here's a splendid proposi-
tion with very litt'* work attached to it; not
a vacant room In the house; thoroughly re-
rn*>cts.b!e e.r.d Brat-C— » locality. Exclusively
for sale ty MARION GIUFFIN.
V> BOOMS: well furnlfhed; centrally located;
$100 month profit: price $1300. M. Griffin.
36 HOCUS: cood furniture; quiet and respect-
• t-!e location: clears $75 per month; offered
Id' $1600; $1000 less than Us value: thin I* a
hom<? piaj-p. Exclusively with M. GRIFFIN.
¦ MAGNIFICENTLY furnished apartment house
of. S3 rooms; rer.t $4.">f>; 10 years' lease; cost
$12,000 snot cath to furnish: every room fur-
nished: the owner I* East and we «re au-
thorized to sell for $9000. M. GRIFFIN.
j$r,0 — A BEAUTIFULLY located rooming-
house of 14 t-oon:*; all full of permanent
0 roonu-rs at cord rrlccs ; pays $50 to $75 per I
tnor.tli elpar; house med-ern residence style, j
with fine lawns flowers, etc.; rent only $30 i
per month ; lease If desired. HOWE, 954 !
Brca<5»'»y. Oakland.
UCiTEL: finely fuml«hrt; located on one of the
main ctref ts In Oakland: rent less than $3 per
lyom: lease: doing large business: nee. It
and riake us an offer. MITCIIENER &
BARTON, SIC Broadway, Oakland.
NICKLY furnished rooming-house of 17 rooms
with leare; very cheap if sold soon; owner
!»avlr-r city. Inquire 1143 Larkln et.
A — N7CELY fornlrned roomlng-homs* «f 14
rooms; pries reaaosasla. 4S3 Geary st
-.OPOnrQ-HOTTSEB PO-t SAIiE — Con. |
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1060. j
a Eddy su, cor. Market and Powell. > |
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotel- and
All Kinds Business Chances. . 1
103 rooms; rent only $5 60 per room, lone
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electrio lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms., well furnished, throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-olass house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
28 rooms, new and elegantly farnlsbed, en
Flitter; paying a handecm* profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years* lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everythlns; In !
flrsa-claes condition; good furniture and car- i
pets; clearing now $20w per month; If run tran- :
sient can clear $800 to $350 per month; here is j
best proposition in city. '
7-room modern flat close in. well fnrntsbed; I
coet $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
«5 rooms; best downtown commercial house '
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every- '
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak- i
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch i
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cbenp rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears 5100 per month;
must leaVe city,' make an offer.
128 rooms;- cheap rent; long lease; flrst-claaa.
np-tc-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
eO rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished: close in; full first-class peoples
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
B-year lease nnd contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-date 40- room house; f.r.e central lo-
cation; party suddenly called East.
eO-roora, new, modern 2 and 8 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly
•quipped In city: 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wiFh; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full: best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
ISO rooms; grand. n«w modern apartment-
hou«: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheso
rent; fine lease; paying $5C0 to $CO0 per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once: dlFsclutlon of partnership.
SO rooms; newly furnished throughout: 8-
year leaw; downtown: fine respectable money-
making' house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
9-room flat: rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture: rood carpets; must sell by September
1; price $400.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month; $400 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
2" rr>3in!«: central: 4 -year lease: clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment house In city; call
for lull particulars; only with us.
16 rooms; rent ?C5; good furniture and car-
pets; always full: must sell within next ten
day?: leaving city; make offer.
81 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
ell In fine shape; fine little apartment house;
clears $150; reduced to $2S00.
Large lift of real estate, rooming-houses and
business fcr exchange cr trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 7W.
1020 MARKET ST.. orp. Fifth.
Reliable r>enlings. Clear Titles. Easy Term?.
15 rooms; Geary st. ; lease reduced $700
T>7 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $100.. 2000
READ. ACT. INVESTIGATE.
SO rooms; near Market st. ; only $r>00
22 rooms: north of Market et 700
rooms: low rent; long lpnse C500
IS rooms; Powell: rent $30; grand buy. 750
90 nr.s.; modern: exohance for smaller house.
SS rooms; exchange for smaller house.
44 rooms: exchange for ranch.
11 rooms: will trade for lots.
Best bargains and exchanges at HINKLEY'S.
MORTGAGE sale: best block on Mission St.:
l»i rooms; rent $50; It's yours for f'J.'O. with
easy terms. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
OPPORTUNITY, will you grasp it; mortgage
i^ale, 25 rooms; modern; magnificently, with
birdseye rciaole furniture, best of carpets; 5-
year leaj«»: desirable location: positively must
be solj this week; do not miss this chance;
liberal terms. HINKLEY, 1020 Market Bt.
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market st.
Rooming-houses, Hotels and Flats
For Bale,
From 5 to 500 Rooms.
Prices From $50 to $20,000.
Cash Payments or Exchange.
MITCHELL & CO
1200 Market st Phone Jessie 2331.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
27 ROOMS; housekeeping- : rent $45 $1200
S rooms: nicely furnished; with piano. 575
So rooms; attractively furnished 3000
18 rooms; new and elegantly furnished. 3000
3-S rooms ; rent $65 S00
SO rooms: rrnt $1C5 1S0O
2? rooms: rent ?6O 1400
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. IOO814 Market st.
$6C0O — THE best lodging-house In Oakland for
the money; will exchange for Improved prop-
erty or sell for cash; long lease to be had.
I F. F. PORTER. 4«(J Eighth et. Oakland.
SEVENTEKN well furnished rooms and res-
taurant: suit man anci wife; will be sold
very <-hear>. half cash; partners disagree;
price $700. Apply 617 O'Farrell St.
SACRIFICE — Downtown fbomlng-house; owner
leaves city; no agents. 91C Market St., r. 23.
TO exchange — House cf 17 rooms for city real
estate. Box 263, Call office.
FOR sale — Lodging-house. 28 rooms; rent $50;
good location. Box 4CC6, Call office.
A 14-ROOM transient house downtown; clears
$22."; price J2s00; no agents. Box 53, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions lias beeu
cp?ned at IOCS Market Bt., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
liODCtlNG-KC^ES^WABrTED.
"WANTED — Unfurnished house or flat 12 to 18
rooms; clean; sanitary; good locality. 30
McAllister et.
"WANTED 1 — 10 to 15 rooms, unfurnished; cen-
tral. Address box €00, Call offic*.
CA_P£T __ATIBTO A2TD C__AIT12rO.
COMPKKSSED Air and Vacuum Process uni-
versally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpats and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop: prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Cu., 308 Market et. ; phenes Main 162 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become dlssusted with your work
e*nd for SPAULDING S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, S55-357 Tehama rt. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S09 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. FRED HAGE-
LOHN _ CO.; phone Mission 225..
1 MITCHELL'S 240 Fourteenth st— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard'. Tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
S&t GoldTn Gate ave. Telephone Eart 120.
CARPETS cle-aned, 3c; furniture moved,
packed, shipped G1SSLOW. «0S Larkin st
GISSLOW is the boss carpet cleaner. 60S
Larkln st; phone East 745.
HCPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
iresrcs made over. 1432 Howard:tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
nUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st: tel. Mission 2<V>
! " ¦
SPIRITTT AI«IS__
READ on Page 22 of the wonderful gifts of
prophecy and healing by ISMAR, ths Gypsy.
MRS. WAYBORN. medium; $1 readings this
week 25c; dr. Mon., Fri., 8 p.m. 1235 Mkt.
C. V. MILLER'S mother ladies' materializing
seance to-day. 1 o'clock; $1. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market st. Gait House.
C. MAYO STEERS; psychic readings by mall $1.
. 3568 17th st., Ean Francisco; tel. Capp 856.
MRS. • EX/SIE REYNOLDS' seance for full
rorma Sunday eve. 328 Ellis st.; SOc. ,
DEAD trance medium; all kinds of business
ClKuraed; slttlnsi dally. S2S Ell la et.
BPIRITTD'AXJaM — OoatlnneiL
A SHORT time only, full life readlm. 25o. W7
Golden Gate ave.; Ellereflcken.
CRINDLD— Photo medium. materlalUlns; Wed-
nesday evening. 828 Ellis st.
ALL skeptics should visit Mme. E. Young. 1720
Sacramento, near Van Ness; phone East 1165.
—ABLETS slate test seance to-night; Questions
answered. 1052 E11I B st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
__ C— AIBYOYANTa, _^
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS, SI.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He In acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries; would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who Is permanently located at
428 Eddy St.; lady attendant. •
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
! My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
' The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
: Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
< make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart ts true or false, whom and when
; you will marry; In fact, I will tell every hope,
; fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
j self. I will Improve your condition so you will
| reach the greatest possible strength In mental
I and bodily vigor* and luck that Insures success
j in business, mining, speculation; I implant the
: controlling power In your nature so you can
! fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
j love, bring back your loved ore, and cause
I marriage with one of choice. 10 l m. to S
j p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell St., 838.
j — — — '
OMAR, Prophet of the Nile, ha* now removed
to his new parlors, where he will be pleased
to receive the public ana nla numerous
friends. Healing, clairvoyant sittings, life
1 readings, advice on all affairs; development
classes. He can aid you In any matter.
| Hours 11 a. m. to 4:30 p. m.; evenlmrs, T
' to 'J; lady attendant. Call at once and se-
cure special terms. OMAR, 218 Eddy st
Join the Oriental Mystic, the great occult
society.
! :
• MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
j Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
I ' nently located at 17 Third st, next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
| have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction gu— r-
i anteed; open Sundays. Tell Black 4569.
i A — Phenomenal $5 mental reading for $1 00.
ELSMERE. Egyptian seer, clairvoyant
medium, palmist: educated by adepts In In- ;
dla: possesses a marvelous power; a mental
! wonder; you have never consulted one whose
methods are so truthful and upon whosa ad-
vice In all matters you can depend; two-
thirds of mankind consult some aeer to as-
certain that which Is to happen to them;
others obtain the benefit of their Influence
and advice: consult the best; it costs no
more; open Sunday; mall $2. 1007% Market.
! A— Miss M. WiUe. 830 Ellis, clairvoyant crys- .
I tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
! what you called for without asking a ques-
j tlon: names Blven: special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
j MISS ZEMDAR, young elf ted clalr. & palm.
I I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
I troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
! ISSIAR. Egyptian »»eress. The Vendome. 110*
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. n:. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
iay tvenlnc. «i to S. Phone South 1141.
i OMAR, the mystir — Advises and hplpa you In
I all affair!; readings dally; all disease cured
i without drugs; lady atteridant; afternoon and
evening. 218 Eddy et.
I ;
• READ on pace 22 of the wonderful rifts of
prophecy and healing by ISMAIl, the Gypsy.
I Mrs.A.H.Kronenberp, palmlst.clalrvoyant, card
reader; when others fail try me;good readings
25c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.av. Tel. Larkin 4207.
l A— MME. RAVENNA reads lif»; business ad-
vlce- names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis at.
i A— MME. HOFFMAN, the wonder of the age;
know the truth. 1207 Market, r. 11. 2d floor.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. Cth; open Sun.
MME. a LAVONIA, remarkable scientific
palmist and clairvoyant. 532 Stevenson st.
MME. LINDA, palmist and psychic: card-
reader; reading, 25c: no sign. 512 Jessie rt.
MRS. CLARK, wonderful palmist and card
reader: ladles only. 421 Hyde st.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 645 Minna et
I MIES WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts: readinrs dally. 917 Market room 10.
j PALMISTRY, card reading, 2r.c and 50c. Miss
L Kahntus. 704% Larkln: 10 a. m.-9 p. m.
| MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
"•il-T. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
I E l J '! T J I . ST .?-
A NEW plat* — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown, $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50?; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
: building, 1095 Market St.. room 203; all first-
| class dentistry at low prices.
I GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowna. $2; no
j pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
I DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
j rt. to 580 Geary.
I PARIS Dentsl Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up; filllngs.25e.
ARTHUR CniSHOLM. *urgeon-dsntl»t.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., E06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
j ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. »C9 Mlsslon.cor. Cth.
j DKES3MAKEBS AJBTO i^BEAMSTEESSES.
| THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
; School offers special inducements to pupils
! entering before September 1. Special short
i course In millinery; enter at once and get
; ready for this season. Best references. Po-
' sttlons. Diplomas. Patterns cut to measure.
1019 Market Rt.. above Sixth.
ACADEMY Dressmakins, 428 Sutter; call and
investigate our method; patterns cut to
| measure.
j McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
| Patterns cut to measure; eve. clas*;10!0 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
: art's button, — buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
A HIGHLY respectable German family (officer
cf the Imperial R&ichs bank) , at Cnarlotten-
burg, near Berlin, wishes to take In board
and lodging there a boy or young lady, 8-16
years old, who Intends to study in Berlin;
child from good family only accepted. For
further information write or call on AR-
THUR BECKER (the German lecturer), O 20
Taylor ave., Alameda, Cal.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager Ayres
Business College fcr 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course,
$5 a month: life scholarship, $50. Day and
evening. Bancroft bldgr.. 723 Market St.
I JEAN and STELLA MacDONALD"S children's
I clars; song and dance, recitation, physical
culture, ballroom, fancy and step dancing;
Saturdays, 2:30 p. m. Excelsior Hall, Mis-
sion st., between 19th and 20th.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — The Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and. secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1435 Mar"
ket. gurantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
A — FRENCH, Spanish lessons'; class; private;
also by phonograph. F. T. ASS' N. 140 Geary
et Classes begin Monday, August 29.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est 1864; Van
dei* Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng., math., etc. ; day and
.eve.; individual lnstr.J305 Larkln st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col. ,THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY.. AUGUST . 28, 1905.
42
EMPIiOYMEST -WAirTEP — Male^ — Can.
YOUNG man wishes night work. 2S3 Fell *t.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as por-
ter. Address H. Jones. U33*,a Howard St.. r. 5.
EXPERIENCED orchardist would like aitua-
ticn in the country. Address M. H.. box 40S.
CaU office. _. .
ERRAND boy wants a position. Addre— ) 1520
Webster st. .
EXPERIENCED bartender wishes position.
Box 2S5. CaU offlce.
POsffToX asTas-h boy. Address box 284, CaU
offlce.
SITUATION as collector; 3 hours each day.
A-ldress box 442, Call office.
BOY wishes work after school. 810 Mission st.
ETHNOGRAPHER wants position. Address
1905 Fillmore st.
YOUNG man wishes position aa bell or ele-
vator boy In a hotel or club in the city.
Box 438, CalK <:*.:*•
GF.NERAL machinist and toolmaker wants a
steady position; city or country. Box 4j6,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as traveling salesman;
clothing. 421 Larkin st. _
A BOY wants a position in a wholesale,, house ;
be^t of reference. Box 446. Call.
TAILOR wishes position. Address 1S04 Powell
street.
SOBER, industrious young man wishes situa-
tion in wholesale or retail hardware or
crockery house; salary no object if chance
for advancement. Box 441, CaU.
BOY warts position after school. Addres* 750
Buchanan st.
BOY wlshe 3 a steady Job as errand boy. 83
Boardman place.
A YOUNG man. 19. desires position as sales-
man in a rnu*Ic house; references. Box 213.
CaU office.
; WANTED— Situation as gardener; 10 years'
experience. Box 202, CalL
WANTED — A position as stenographer; *alary
$10 per week. Box 214. CaU.
BOOKKEEPER wants position. Address 1230
Geary at.
A COMPETENT janitor drsires position: has
had 10 years' experience In city and can
furnish best of references. Box 201, CaU.
SHOE clerk wants position. Box 123. CaU.
WANTED — A Job as errand boy. Address 417
Mason st.
ELECTRICIAN wants steady work. Room 22,
204 Ellis st.
YOUNG man would like to learn carpenter
trade. 10K) Natoma rt.. San Francisco.
BRIGHT boy 1C. wishes a position driving a
butcher cart. Address F. B. HUDSPETH.
ICO Eleventh st.
WANTED— Position as watchman. Box 100,
Call office.
MAN wanta situation as porter; good refer-
ences. Box 00, Call office.
BOY wishes a steady Job. 737 Howard St.,
room 46.
WANTED — By a reliable man with best city !
references, positlun as companion or night I
watchman in private family. Box W, Call. I
WANTED — A position as clerk or assistant
purser. E. W. GREEN. 573 Geary st.
NEAT young man deyirea position in any
clerical work: reasonable wagos. Addresa
E. P.. 11 Sheridan st.
STEADY, sober man wishes any kind of
work; porfr. janitor. Address box 405. Call.
WANTED — Position a.« night watchman. 514
Larkin st.
YOUNG man. Italian waiter wants position.
Box 131. Call.
WELL-KNOWN and popular liQuor salesman
wishes position. Box 129, Call.
P.OY wants to learn printing. Box 130. Call.
BOY IS >>ars of as* would like to learn the
plumbing trade. Address box 239, CaU.
A SOBER, reliable man. having 4 to 5 hours
every evening, desires situation as Janitor; |
salary no cbject. Address O. PETERSON, i
522 Minion st.
BOY wants a position in a whole?al» house; !
best of references. Bcx 2.1S. Call efflce.
A YOUNG man wants a situation in grocery.
Address box 1'S:!. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants Job in grocery. Box 237,
Call efflce.
BOY wants situation in wholesale dry goods J
house. Box 235, Call office. j
GOOD harbor wants short hour Job. J. D., 34 j
Fourth st.
• ¦
HUSTLING apent wishes position. Box 2.TJ.
Call office.
WORK wanted by bushelman. 227 Third st. j
WANTED — A positkn as barkeeper for Sun- i
day. TOM FLYNN. 36 Fourth »t.
SITUATION wanted as oiler. Box 218, Call ;
office.
BOY wishes position in hat store.
PORTER wants position in good barber nhop. !
J. JACOB.-. 1420 Devisadero st.
AX experienced collector and salesman wishea
position. Address box 412. Call office. !
STRONG young man with poor education I
wishes employment: willing to work at any- :
thing; best of references. Box 217, CaU.
A SHIPPING clerk wants a position In a '
wholesale house. Box 215. CaU offlce.
WHOLESALE grocery salesman wants post- i
tion; references. 1434 Webster st. ;
MAN wants position as photographer. Apply !
317 O'Farrell at. .
!
WANTED — Position a* errand boy. Address
H. M. L., Berkeley, Cal.
A BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job.
3170 Army st.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wishes position
afternoons. Box 2S2. CaU.
YOUNG man wants a Job in machln« shop;
good references. Box 240, Call.
BOY wishes position Saturday!) or after school
driving light wagon; experienced. Box 224,
Call offlce.
AN old man wishes a situation of anv kind.
Box 411. Call.
BOY wishes to enter law offlce. Box 222.
CaU offlce.
WANTED — By experienced shoe clerk, posi-
tion; city or country. Box 221. Call.
A DRAUGHTSMAN wishes position in city.
Box 220. CaU. ._
WANTED — By an elderly man. position as
watchman or janitor: experienced. Box 219,
CaU offlce.
WRAPPER wants position in wholesale house.
Box 22S. Call.
YOUNG man wants position In wholesale
house. Box 40fi. CaU.
A BARBER wants position; experienced. K..
8<viV4 Mission st. ;
YOUNG man would like position driving 1
wanon. Box 410. Call.
___________—_-———_————_———_—___ i
Young man wants employment, where there's
chance for advancement: ref. Box €01 . Call.
NURSE (male,) wishes cn«e. any kind: grad-
uate training school: gives massage; flm-
cla~ ( reforsnees; willing to travel. Addre«s
Box 625. CaU office.
ACCOUNTANT of ten years* banking experi-
ence desires position with wholesale house or
' insurance hou3«>: highest references; bond if
desired. Box 687. Call office.
! POSITION wanted as plumber'* helper 614
Larkin »t.
I WANTED— Position as stenojrrapher. Address
| P. O.. Sacramento and Polk. R. EVAS.
WANTED — By young man. position as collec-
tor; reference*. Box 030. CaU offlce.
A YOUNG man wishes position as clerk 3*»7
Hayes *t. . -
BOY wishes a position as cash boy. Add!*
box 542. CaU offlce. PP T
A YOUNG man wishea position a* clerk 4**O
Hayes St. • "
WANTED — By a sober and steady man a
positlcn as porter. Box 551, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man, *ober, temperate habits,
wants work of any kind; wage* no object.
Box 6*3. CaU offlce. oojecu
AN" engineer of 20 years' experience desires
position; reliable and competent In every re-
epect. • Address 2SK)5 Harrison bC
r -cp-OYM-jrr wAjrrrxp — Pemaae—con
LADY wasls housework of any kind. 623
Minna tt.
EDUCATED, refined, respectable widow want*
l>esltion a« housekeeper; city or country.
Box S47, Call offlce.
1;1ZTTXTSD. r«ip*ctabl» Jady wisbe* position
as hounekeejxr; city or country- Box 640.
Call off.ee. . i
A YOUNG girl es nur*e to children; reference*.
21« Shipley tt.
F< «ITION of fitter in a flret-claas suit hou»«;
references gireo. A. B.. box 718. Call otflco.
YOtrNG rtror.g woman want* work by the day.
Bcx 713, Call offlce.
"".VAN—ED— Position a* nun* girl. Afldres*
LEPHA MANSFIELD. IS Glenn Park *>v.
A TOUNG woman would Ilk* to do »««?-
c!eat_nz by the day; »1 10- Box ilL Call.
RFOTNED, middle-aged woman, position a*
working hou*ek«eper for widower; refer-
ences. Box 764. C*U office.
V ANTED— Position as P— "lo*" maid. Box 844,
CaU office.
WANTED — A position a* cook; experienced;
recently from the East; wage* 125: not
afraid at a little light housework. Box 843,
<"all office. ¦¦*¦-•¦ .''
FKAMSTRESS wishes work Toy the day. Box
34i», Call offlce.
COMPETENT waitress wants work; botal or
restaurant. 215 Tbird st. "
.N^AT AMERICAN lady wishe* car* cf Chil-
dren or light housework. Addre«* 67 Clara. *t.
A SWEDISH wow an wishes work by the day.
225H Clara «t.
YOUNG !«3y wants ladles' hats to trim. 106
Fourth et. •
LADY mishea situation as maid. Box C38
Ca'.l office^
WANTED— Position as French governess. K.
B.. 134 Turk *t.
SITUATION wanted; bookkeeper; young l*_dy;
con'uftfnt; 5 years' experi?nce. Box 717,
Oail office. ¦-¦¦•
DRESSMAKER wants position. _130_Russ_st.
AN~English woman, with excellent references,
for washing, etc.; no window*; Jl 35 per
day. Box 730. Call office.
"a WOMAN would like housecieaning by the
Cay; fl 10. Address bcx 727, Call offlce.
A WOUAN "with experience wants position
«aitinx and assist in cooking fuadavs and
holidays. Address fccx 72S, Call offlce. _
VTAXTED-P-L«d7 wor.ld like position In office;
knowledge cf typewriting. 274 Dolores at.
A' YOUNG girl wishes position as waitress;
private family. Box 735. CaU office.
PEFINED German girl wsnts a XKWitlon as
companion m lady. 1046 Folsom St.
»OMA.\ want* to do washing by the day.
Apply dl7 day at.
A YOUNG cirl would like a few plac** to
work by tfc«- day. Address box 731. Call.
A STRONG woman wishes . work fcr Thurs-
day: washing, sweeping: no ironing. CaU
145 TuelftU «t., near Howard.
ROTI ON am tr.aiJ. Box C76. Call.
WANTED — Position ns assistant trimmer in
millinery »tore. Address 948 Poet Bt.
WANTED — Position in confectionery *torv;
references if required. 1US Post ft.
A YOUNG woman wl«h«s a position in store.
Apply 856 Harrison st.
VANTED — By a roaxx !ady. work to do a
f«>w hours In the evenings. 1!HS Grand Ft.
COMPETENT dressmaker will go cut by the
day. <E5 Pi-st st.
A YOUN<i lady wcuid like a position in dry
Si/odK store. 8. C, l')55 Howard st.
WOMAN vnr.ts work by the Jay or half day:
$1 and car iare. Apply l#tw>fn 1 and 5
P. m. at lift Ninth si.
LADY wants housekeeping; »^il take full
charge of hotel, rocniinpr-h-jus^ or family;
city or country. Address or call 142U Mission.
WANTED— Sewir-K by oey or week: 11 anl
car fare. Address S°am«ti-»»», 571 Ea-«t
Twelfth at.. East Oakland
A LADY cf refinement would like position as
invalid's r.urse cr housekeeper. Box 1354,
_<:a!l offlce. Oakland.
WASHWOMAN wants position. Bcx 7_V*CaU
office.
A 5-TRONG woman waora house and window
cleaning; $1 50 day. Box 754, CaU office.
A WOMAN want* work by th* day. washing,
ironing find hou»-cl»anmg; II 25 day and
car fare. Box 7«S, CaU office.
GIRL wishes position at Fecond work; country
preferred. 1U24 Howard *t.
A YOUNG girl would like to learn a trade.
73 Oemfntlr.a ei.
—."ANTED— A housekeeper would like a posi-
tion. M5 Howtrd H.
YOUNG lady wants position as copyist. Box
•O. Call office.
LADY wishes sewing. 62«A Howard st.
DESfOXST RATOR wants petition; references.
Siven. Address box :C7, Call office.
— TOIfAX want? Iikwh a by day. Apply 55
Clementina; upstairs.
ELDEP.LY lady wants position r O r Uffbt house-
*<-rk Vfj Grove tt.
WANTED — Work by day. 511 Bryant st.
I'RESSMAKEK. tailor *uits and <o«tj. even-
ing town?, cutter and fitter: all work war-
ranted: engagemerts by the day. MI*-'S
BARSS. Sherman House. 2S Eighth Ft.
W ANTiJD— Position by practical nurse? vm
Howard st.
A FIRST-CLAFH cock wishes po««Tlon7 call
Monday. 22JJI Port .t.
FIRfcT-CLASS e»air«'tr<*^s wishes work by the
<jsv. .AOdre^fc Y.. 5<;i Hayes «t.
SITUATION as a cook. COS Howard *t.
"SITUATION a* a xva«h woman. tXi2 Howard
¦tract.
F^S-ITION wanted by an experienced iady
'tfn.jeretiher and book lc«>eper. :i« Glen Park
fi*tv«.; phone Jee«I» 3540.
A COOK would iike a fisltion in a family.
27S .Stevenson tt.
YOUNO g:ri desires a position aa offlce as-
•iktar.t: *ort«? txr*-r:enc»-. Addre*? M. L M
11 J4 U:aadway.
V''L'XG _-irl desires petition to work In a
istore. Atrly 855 Harrison *t. .
DSE6SMAKEB war.ts wcrk by the dayfll 50
27m 'i Ciara tt.
T'l-AIN sewlnc and mending by the day. week
cr imnth: *1 <1av an4 carfare. Apply MISS
M.. !275 Eddy e t.
— TAITRJES8 would like position." 1721 Poet
nr^et.
".'ANTED— By^a lady, day work of "any" kind.
Bcx Z3Q. Call office
tfTTNOGRAPHER wishes i>o*jtlon: some ex-
perier.cf. STENOGRAPHER. 267 Minna «t.
WANTED — Position as cook. Address 864 Li r-
kin at.
YOUNG ladv wants position as saleslady In
notion atore. B«jx 3.'^;. CaU offlce.
WANTED— Job at c'oakmaktmr. l! BERN^
PTAIN. 21 Rausch r\.
LADIES' nurse wanta employment. 13 Fre»ion
Ft., rear.
WAN'TED — Position as scnerne**; city or
'M gauntry. 575 MeAIUatw st.
tVAVTEU — Situation as housekeeper. Box 7(jT
<"a!l office.
WANTED— Position us copyist AXN1I3
f'ARR. Po»-tofncp. Faeramento and Polk «».
FALEKLADY wont* position ~ 1445~Buchan*D
street-
POSITION wanted by experienced lady book-
keeper. 30 Glen Park ave.; phone Jessie
1.M6
PRESSMAKEII wact* place. 152C Web«ter st.
FIRST-CLASF trimmer wishes position; beat
references. Box 763. Call.
A WOMAN — -ifh*!" situation as cook; city or
country. 10 Wetmore et.
EXPEP.IENCED nenograpber decree work for
Use afternoon. 81 Federal st.
A YOUNO lady want* a position a* *aleslady.
£50 Oliva ave.
EY good seamstress, one or two day* each
week for plain *ewing. mendlne children'*
creeses. MRS. D. BONALY, 51J>t4 Leaven-
worth «t.
TOUNG lady desire* position as general of-
fice aselsiant with reliable firm; references
Bex CC9. Call offlce.
DKESSMAKEH w anu ~ work"by~the~da~y~ 143
Hyde et. .-¦¦*•*.';>;'
LADY wishes position es a maid. ~Box~709
CaU offii«. '
FIRST-CLASS laundre** wan^~workf~b*y~the
_ *_*J^_J! L 28_EUver at.
YOUNG stenographer with 'experiance and ref-'
•recces want* potltlon. Box 623. CaU.
TTAITEE6S wanting poeltion. Apply 232
CiXtlS Et.
—•'ANTED— Light housework done In exchange
t for 2 houaekeeplng room*. 424 Sixth et.
"UATTNDRESS wi£he* work by day. 2~Hyde
fftrect. . - •
j CMIT.OY— CEHT WAgTEP — Pemale— Con
I YOUNG erirl wishes a place aa chambermaid.
..Bo* '81, Call. *
! YOUNO lady, quick and accurate, wiehea po-
I eltion as bookkeer«er; references. Address
i box 1350. Call offlce, Oakland.
I YOUNG lady wants fancy sewing at her home.
I 220 Twelfth mi
I A YOUNG reUablVVirVTwltbr best city refer-
ence*, wishes a poeltion as cashier in a
rrsiaurant, chambermaid, or to do light
housework in a small American family.
Please call 822 Mlssiop_*t :
WOMAN wanta to take care of children. 759
I Mission at.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. S43 MIs-
rton at.
FIRST-class dressmaker in families; (2 CO per
day. 873 Sutter at.
GOOD Scotch cook wants situation American
family aa cook, city or country; wagea $30
or |35. 1024 Howard St., room 19.
WANTED to do writing at home" Address
1488 OFarreil at.
A LADY wants work at 570_Bryant «t.
YOUNG woman would like position in an of-
flce. Box 890. Call office-.
WANTED — By a~compatent cook, position;
good reference*. 1024 Howard st, nr. Sixth.
POSITION es dressmaker. Appfy '~1216~How-
ard tt.
A NEAT, good girl desires position cooking and
_Jiousework; |25. Box 660, Call office.
<\ LADY wishes position as manicurist la bar-
ber shop. By letter only. J. L. T.. 330
McAllister it.
SITUATION as a taUoress._ 325 Churchst.
A POSITION aa housekeeper In a small /am-
lly. Ad-lresa bcx O77, Cz\\ office.
RESPECTABLE woman want»~r-ositlon; good
cook and laundress ; kind to children; will
go ehort way in country; moderate wages;
references. 47 Shipley st., off Folsom.
WANTED — Position as seamstress. 573 Me-
i _AlUater st.
• DAY'S work washing or housecleaning; good,
i respectable woman. 826 Brannan s-U
i WOMAN would like a place to wash by the
j 'lay. 716 Minna st.
I DRESSMAKER for private families or sec-
I ond sewing-; will work by th» day. Box
736. CaU offlce.
|
I HAIRDRESSER wants position. 139 Russ st.
I .
j GOOD waist hand wants a situation. Box 760,
Call offlce.
1 COOK. German;' is first class in American.
French and German cooking; references. 743
Eddy st.
| 4—
: REFINED young lady wishes position as com-
i panitn to iady or grown girl; thoroughly
i-ompetent to fill position of trust; good
refer- noes. Bcx 7'J7, CaU offlce.
| WANTri) — Situation at dressmaking. Call'
KM l'cik st.
' DRES^MAKER^ experienced, would like a few
norc enpagr-nfrnts by the day; terms reason-
able. Box Cm. Call office.
; A GOOD ballad ninger wants engagement with
dan.tr in vaudeville. Box C™. Call offlce.
' A YOUNG girl would like to do housfcleaning
by the Oay; $1 ]0. C22 Clay st.
! SITUATION wanted as housekeeper. Apply
52" Filbert «t.
| ELDERLY American "wom^n wishes light
housework, or to keep hou?e for aped person;
_ good home, small wages. Box 732. Call.
I ' — — —
i POSITION a» house keeper._7CC>Po!'t st.
! PORTION as companion. 9S6 Bush et.
WOMAN, general housework. 613"^ Minna st.
|
: GIRLwants housework. 249 Minna st.
, A FIRST-CLASS sewer wishes to help dress-
maker afternoons; 75c; or will work in fami-
lies. Bcx 340. Call office.
• A NURSE wants work by day. week or month.
J Phone John 7241.
\ DRESSMAKER wanta position! illtr~Geary
strett.
i SITUATION ao it flrst-class seainstref-s by~the
day or week. MRS. M. GREEN, 1014 Fili-
more *t.
1 A— BOOKKEEl'ITu! rashier. typisT; young
letiy exj>ert accountant and collector; all
modern systems; desires to change position.
or extra wcrk »-v'-nlng« n r da'ys; best refer-
ences. 4106 Seventeenth st.
ENGLISH lady desires situation in family;
music >. I-'rcnclk i France). Box
107, Campbell. Santa Clara Co., Cal.
AN inexper!«-r,red tlrl wishes position as clerk
in dry goods «nr»; best of recommendations
moral iy. Bnx 110, Call.
. A WOMAN with 10 years' experience will call
at your home and give massage. MRS. JOHN-
SON. Phone Folsom 3274.
' ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaU branch office, cor.D'jncan and Church sts.
\ WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
CaU at Eaton's Bazaar, O:J McAllister st.
r StP-OYilEKT WASTED — MALE.
GERMAN wants position as porter in hotel.
Box 145. Call.
; WANTED — Position a* clerk In country hotel.
Box 176. Call.
I EOT wants a uosltlon aa errand boy. Box
175. Call office.
\ ENGINEER would like portion: years of ex-
perience; good references. Box 1S1, Call.
YOUNG German would like work as gardener;
1 ha? had experience. Box 1S2, Call.
i liOY wishes a position u offlce boy in law
firm. Box 184. CaU.
I WANTED— A position as porter. Box 1S5, Call.
! WELL-KNOWN bright young man. age 27.
best of referfneep and recommendations. 13
years' experience in the art buslnesc, wishes
position as salesman. Box 1C, Call.
! POSITION as head janitor. Box 150. CaU.
I ¦
1 YOUNG man wishes situation In store. 616
i Ellis st.
J YOUNO man desire* position as porter. Box
146. Call office.
| ,
< WANTED— Poeltion as receiving clerk or por-
ter In wholesale grocery. Box 147, CaU.
! SITUATION as night watchman. Box 5:>. Call.
¦ BOY wants position as office boy. Box 78,
Call offlce.
' CLOTHING man wants position. H. JAMES
S79 Mf.rket st.
I ¦
' GENERAL merchandise saleoman wanta po-
I sition; country. Box 7(5, Call offlce.
1JARBER. with C months' experience, wants
Job li> finish the trade. J. NEWDORFER
78 Harriet st.
WAITER wants work in country. HARRY
SUMMERS, 44 Third st.
; BOY wl«hen a Job as errand boy. S32 Fol-
som et. : ?4 per week.
• GOOD barber seekn steady position. 89 Third
street. <
! WANTED— Job as bartender In grocery bar! j
; E. W. G., 737 Market et. j
j WANTED — A position aa gardener. Address
700 Pierce «t.
I BOY wishes position learning a trade; refer-
| ernes. Address J. M. W.. 2623 Mission st.
I ¦ . — ___ . »
I BOY wishes position as offlce boy. Box 65,
Call offlce.
WANTED — By respectable young man for Sep-
tember 1, light employment: good references.
Address S275 HarrlEon St.
| CORDIAL and liquor salesman open for en-
; gagement. H. JACOBS, 717 Market et.
{ AN experienced salesman wants position In'j
i wholesale furnishing ponds house. Box 70, i
: Call offlce.
HATTER wlsh»« position.. 125S Howard at.
LADIES' tailor wants good position. Call 1312
Howard at.
¦ WANTED^ — A position as porter in saloon. Ad-
dress 1724 Oak «L • '• 7
i MIDDLE-AGED man desires position of any
kind. Box 180. Call offlce.
i POSITION wanted as a bootblack. Box 167,
; CaU offlce.
i ¦
j POSITION wanted as a barber. Box 158. Call
offlce. v
WANTED — Position aa salesman, city. Box
: 1«B. CaU efflce.
j POSITION wanted by a flrst-class barber.
; Box 187. CaU offlce.
i _ _
WANTED — A position as barkeeper. Box 159.
CaU offlce.
A MILLINERY salesman would like to obtain
- a steady position; wholesale preferred. Box
64. CaU offlce. • . i
-MFXOT-TEirT WAH~rai>— -— q«— Con.^ I
SITUATION as a presser. 1407 Mission st. .!
SHOE salesman wants position; 6 years' ex-
perience. Box 1)2. Call offlce. !
YOUNG man wishes situation in country. 125 ;
Taylor st.
BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box 164, :
Call officv. . j
A YOUNG man IS years old wants to learn the
jewelry trade. Address box 1C1. CaU offlce.
BOY 14 years old wants work in store. 402
Eddy st.
WANTED — Position as a night elevator man
by experienced operator. Box 71, Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as bookkeeper; small
aalary to commence. Apply box 72, Call.
BARBER wants ehort hour job. 1416 'Valen-
cia st.
EXPERIENCED salesman wishes position. Box
162, CaU.
BOY wants a position as offlce boy. Box
1163. Call.
YOUNG man wishes to work In wholesale
house. Address CHARLES CLAUSEN. 60
Prc«j>er st.
OLD man wants situation to do chores around
house. Address box 125, CaU.
POSITION to travel for wholesale house; small
experience. Address box 126, CaU.
JOB wanted as delivery wagon driver. Box
1023, CaU.
BARKEEPER wishes position as relief, 3 or
4 hours a day. Box 153, Call.
AN all around miner wants position with a I
company. Address box 154, CaU.
YOUNG man desires situation aa dishwasher.
Box 152. Call.
MIDDLE-aged German wants steady work,
with chance of advancement. 13 Third st.
BOY wants to learn the plumbing trade. Fred
Schunr.emann. 220 Ritch st. I
FIRST-CLASS shop butcher wants position, j
Apply 249 Stevenson St.
WANTED— Position as a solicitor; from the
East and can furnish references. J. T. F.,
2-10 Stevenson at.
BOY, 16 years, wants a position in a whole-
sale house. Box 79, CaU.
POSITION as bookkeeper wanted. Box 80,
Call.
BOY wishes position as office boy. Box S2,
Call.
STOCKHOLM tar pyroligneous acid wood dis-
tilling, skilled manufacturer, wants position !
to operate factory; would go north; beet •
references. STOCKHOLM, box 3622, Call. j
A BOY, 14 years of age, wants position in i
florist's store; has had previous experience.
Box 177. Call.
BOY wants a position in an offlce. Box 173,
Call efflce.
WANTED— Position n« chef In a French cafe.
Apply 249 Stevenson st.
BRIGHT English boy, age 17, wishes a posi-
tion on farm or a chicken ranch; willing to
work; good references. Box 172, Call offlce. I
WANTED — Position as receiving clerk In a i
wholesale clothing house. Box 1C0, Call. I
YOUNG man wants position as clerk. Box !
1W, Call offlce.
BOY. 15 years of age. wishes position, with
chance for advancement. JOSEPH FRIED-
MAN. C20 Washington st.
EXPERIENCED gents' furnishing salesman
wishes position. Box 1C5, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, having 4 to 5 hours even* even-
ing-, desires situation at any kind of work.
Box 114. CaU offlce.
BOY wants a position in a store. Box 84,
Call office. i
GOOD clerk seeks steady position. 44 Third
street.
BOY wanta a position as offlce boy. Box 12O,
Call offlce.
BOY wishes work after school and Saturdays.
Box 95. Call office.
POSITION as porter. J. D.. 32 Fourth st.
SITUATION wanted as a barber. Box . 119,
Call efflce. '
BOY woul.J Ilk* to learn trade. P. McGUIRE,
16S Tebama st.
EOY wants a position in an office. Box 108, |
Call office.
A YOUNG man wants position as Janitor. 256 .
Minna st. j
YOUNG man wishes steady work. CaU or ad-
dreaa 522 Golden Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants work in the
country. Address J. JACOBS, 32 Fourth st.
A GOOD varnisher and polisher in mahogany
furniture and repairing pianos wants work: !
all kinds repairing done; reasonable. Box ¦
121, Call oftice.
BOY wants porltion after school. 314 Geary st.
— ¦ — i i
SITUATION aa a tailor. 540 Howard Bt.
SITUATION as a presser. 904 Mission at.
BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box 113
Call office.
SITX:aTION an a. pres.«er. 541 Mission at.
BOY wants work in store. 616 Ellis at. m
COLLECTOR wants position with insurance
company. Address box 200, Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as barkeeper for Sun-
day. TOM FLYNN, 30 Fourth *t.
POSITION wanted by first-class waiter. 15
Powell ave.
i
MAN wishes a Job as porter. 610 Pine st. j
WANTED — A position as bartender. 8 WOLF I
.'"6 Fourth st. j
MIvCHANICAL draughtsman would like addi-
tional work. Box 11)0. Call offlce.
SITUATION as a painter. 720 Clara st.
A YOUNG man wlshe« position as clerk in
cigar store; experienced. Box 194, Call.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes Job in pri-
vate family. Box 191, Call.
SMART boy wishes position in drug store
Box 1U2, Call.
UNION carpenter wants work by the day
253 Minna St.
WANTKD — Position In wholesale house. Box
100. Coll office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as clerk in
ttore. VJ5 Taylor Bt.
YOUNG man wants work as porter In barber
shop. 103 Tebama »t. !
~" " I
YOUNG man wants work. 225 Third at.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants extra Job. Box
S20. Call offlce.
ANY kind of work wanted. «S1 Market at.
YOUNG man wishes situation In the coun-
try. 504 Andover ave.
POSITION as night watchman; experience;
best of references. 225 Third st.
i WANTED — Work as milker; country. 103 Te-
i hama st.
i BOY wants work after 1 - school and Saturday.
Cally lbl Thirteenth st.
1 MAN want* work aa pipe fitter 1 * helper. 262
Jepsie st.
I XEAT young man, 17, wants ponltlon with
printing concern. Box 358, CaU offlce.
I _ .
1 WANTED — Position as salesman. Box 357,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Work a* gardener. 163 Perry
street.
; BOY wants work as offlce boy. JAMES
GREEN. 23S Fourth at.
I . II___"~~~~~"~ 1 ~'" "~~
I PORTER want* work. 165 Fourth *t.
i A GOOD barber would like a position in the
country. Address 1415 Valencia *t.
BOTTLE packer wishea employment. 17 Pros-
¦ pect place.
COLLECTOR; flrst-class references; bond fur-
nished. Box 356. Call.
SITUATION wanted by mattress maker. A
J. B.. box 484, Call.
A COMPETENT waiter seeka poeltion in flrst-
class hotel or restaurant: can furnish best ot
i references. Address box 207, CaU office.
EMP-OY-fCEirr WAJfrrSJP — Male— Con.
WANTED — A position a* night watchman.
Address 1824 Oak st. '
SITUATION, by boy of 14 in wholesale house.
Box 354. Call. .
BOY about 17 would like Job as teamster.
Box 353, CaU.
GOOD steady elevator man seeks position.
Box 355. Call.
LANDSCAPE" gardener seeks poeltion. F.
MASON. 705 Ninth ave.
SHIP steward wants a Job. J. THORNS,
1702 Clement st. .
YOUNG man wishes situation as driver. Box
479. Call offlce.
BARBER wants sho'rt-hour work. 827 Turk st.
BOY wants a position as office boy. Box
478, Call offlce.
YOUNO man wants work. 100 Eleventh st.
BOY wants position as a stock boy. Box
477. CaU offlce.
WANTED — Work as waiter or steward in
mining camp. W. BARTINE, 744 Howard
street.
BOY wants position In offlce; 16 years. Box
459, Call offlce. ¦
AN experienced drummer desires position with
a clvtar house; best of references. Box 470.
CaU office.
GOOD errand hoy. 861 Market st.
SITUATION wanted for errand boy. 844 How-
ard st.
POSITION as grocery clerk. Address box 476,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Position in laundry. Address A.
PATERSON. box 460. CaU office.
GROCERY clerk wants steady position.- 450
Minna st.
WANTKD— Situation as grocery clerk. Ad-
'Iresa 6T5 Mission st.
YOUNG man knowing EnsUeh, Russian and
Polish languagvs wishes a suitable clerical
position. Box 474. Call offlce.
NIGHT watchman wishes position. 1074 How-
ard st.
WANTED — A position as waiter for Sunday.
M. AVEIMAR. 455 Mission st.
A GOOD sober barber wants a, job in an open
shop. Address box 473, Call office.
WANTED — A place for lunch waiter. Address
1105 Cloy «t.
POSITION wanted by flrst-class barber. Ad-
Jress E. WHALEN. 703 Howard St.
POSITION wanted as blacksmith. 615 Howard
St., San Francisco.
POSITION wanted aa a solicitor. Address box
472. Call offlce.
YOITNG German want!" Job In grocery store
or saloon. Address WILLIAM SIPSES, 147
Third st.
ELECTRICIAN wants position. 867 Mission
street.
WANTED — Position by reliable, good bar-
tender. Address box 471, Call office.
POSITION wanted as elevator operator: flrst-
class references. E. E. LYONS, 225 Third Bt.
WORK wanted as carpenter. Residence 415
Church st.
POSITION wanted as night watchman. E. E.
LYONS. 225 Third st.
BY young man, position as errand boy. Box
465, Call offlce. f
WANTED— A day Job us janitor: best refer-
ences. Address box 4t3, Call offlce.
BOY wants position to learn machinist trade.
Box 4G'-\ Call offlce.
WANTED— Situation as bellboy. 667 Bryant
street.
SITUATION wanted as Sorter. Address box
30S. CaU offlce.
WANTKD — Situation as gardener. Resilience
141« Stockton st.
BARBKR wants* job In downtown shop. D. F.
LEWIS. 102 Ellis st.
BARKEEPER wants steady position. 112
Twenty-eighth si.
YOUNG man wishes position in soliciting busi-
ness. 1015 Devlsadero st.
A YOUNG man -wifhes a Job as wrapper. Box
'^301, Call offlce.
________ *
POSITION as errand boy. 861 Market st.
TRAVELING man wants position. L. FRANK. '
box 302, Call offlce.
WORK wanted in upholstering, varnishing,
furniture and pianos; good work, very reas-
onable. Box 3C3, CaU offlce.
A GENTLEMAN desires position as traveler
for a dry goods house. Box 304, Call offlce.
SALESMAN wants situation. Address 012
O'Farrell »t.
BOY wishes a position In a wholesale house;
references. Bcx 20S, CaU office.
YOUNG German wanta position In country as
milker. Box 207. Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS rectifier wishes position In
wholesale liquor house. Apply 1127 Turk st.
YOUNG man wishes to work In store. Ad-
dress EDWARD METZGER. &4 Washington.
WANTED — Position as driver. Address box
XiO, Call office. '
BARBER, elderly, wants position In country.
023 Clay *t.
JOB wanted as stenographer. Box 3611.- Call
office.
JOB as" offlce boy. Box 8612. CaU offlce.
JOB wanted as delivery wagon driver. Box
3613, Call offlce. '
APPRENTICE in a millinery store. Box 3«l4,
Call offlce.
JOB wanted as typewriter. " Box 3615, CaU
offlce.
JOB wanted as clerk In dry goods store. Box
3610, Call offlce.
JOB wanted as secretary, f Box 3817, Call
• office.
JOB aa bookkeeper. Box- 3618, Call offlce.
JOB an bakery wagon driver. Box 8619, Call
offlce.
JOB as errand boy. Box 8610. CaU offlce.
JOB as elevator boy. Box 1361, Call offlce.
APPRENTICE in a foundry shop. Box 2361.
Call offlce.
WANTED — Education as gardener. Residence
1303 Stockton st.
WANTED — A position as collector; chance of
advancement. Box 359. Call offlce.
STEADY, competent ycung man wants situa-
tion as stenographer. Box 2C9, Call.
YOUNG man would like position in whole-
sale. hou«e. Box 225. Call offlce.
POSITION as shoe salesman in local store.
Box 24». Call office.
WANTED — A position In wholesale liquor
_ store. J. W. GKKEN, G51 Geary et.
OFFICE boy wishes position. Box 255, CaU
offlc.
BARBKR — 6 months' experience, wants Job
to finish trade. Address E. Post, 32 Fourth st.
POSITION &3 bookkeeper In wholesale house
by an experienced young man; refer«nces.
Box 205, Call olflce.
BOY wants Dosltlon as office boy. Box 206,
Call office. -v,
COOK who would like situation. Apply box
208. Call offlce.
MAN and wife want hotel work In country
town; man as barkeeper or hotel cterk, wife
.•¦ chambermaid; references. Box 254, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as h«ad Janitor;
has references. Box 212, Call offlce.
BOY, 10,' wishes position to learn machinist
trade. Box 409. CaU office.
WANTED— Situation as plumber 1 * helper. Box
• 231. Call offlce.
SHOEMAKER wants Vork. 153% Fourth st
FIRST-CLASS - lunch counter man wanta
lob. H. B.. box 270, Call office. -
POSITION aa stenographer by a young man
<>f ability. Box 258, Call offlce. /
EXPERIENCED cutter wants position in fine
merchant tailoring establishment. Box 413.
Call office. . .. ;
EMPIi OY—CBlgT WAKTEP — Mala — Cob.
FIRST-CLASS bookkeeper wants situation.
Box 25<5, Call offlce.
BOY wants a position as offlce boy. Box 273,
CaU offlce.
A NO. 1 non-union barber wants a Job. Ad-
drees box 276. CaU offlce. _^__
BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job. Box-
275, Call offlce
A YOUNG German wants any kfnd of work.
223 Third at. .
YOUNG man wants position o» elevator irtan;
can furnish good reference. Box 271, Call.
A YOUNG man wishes situation as porter.
Address box 402, CaU offlce.
FIRST-CLASS millwright and machinist wants
position; flrst-class references. Box 250. Cail.
JOBBING carpenter wants work. H. HAN-
SUN . 11 Lake st.
PRACTICAL gardener wants work. J. TIER-
NAN, 334 A st. •
SITUATION as solicitor for book firm. Ad-
dress box 274, Call offlce.
BOY wants work in a store. 015 "Howard
street.
ELEVATOR boy wants position. 1142 Howard
street.
BOY deslreti position in bakery. Box 452, CaU
office.
BOY wants a position In an office. Box 2609,
CaU office.
NON-UNION barbe,r wants Job In first-class
barber shop. Addrees box 451, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man wants position as assistant in
drug store; has had previous experience. Box
293. Call offlce. /
VESTMAKKR wants position. 417 Clementina
street.
POSITION desired by neat youns man In any
clerical work; moderate wages. Address J.
L., 327 Tenth st.
WANTED — Position as porter. H. R., 2010
Bush st.'
YOUNG boy wants position »s offlce boy. Box
7629, CaU office.
YOUNG boy wanta Job as errand boy. Box
7266, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED hatmakers want work to take
home. Box 1127, Call offlce.
POSITION as clerk in dry goods store desired
by neat young man. Address E. R., 425
Lyon st.
A DRUG salesman wants a position. Box 117.
Call office.
RESTAURANT cook wants situation. Address
FELIX MONICA, 1020 Oak st.
BOY would like to learn trade. 210 Washing-
ton et.
AN experienced traveling salesman, with good
country' trade, desires to represent an Al
house: salary and commission. Address box
204, CaU offlce.
WANTED — Carpenter work. 253 Fell st. .
ERRAND boy, after school. 19 Clementina st.
BOOKKEEPER wants situation. 1027 Post st.
SALESMAN wants situation. 524 Ellis St.
BOY desires position In wholesale house. Box
1S7. Call offlce. »
ERRAND boy In law offlce. Box 1S9, CaU
offlce.
SITUATION as a cook. 205 Church st.
WANTED — Position as clothing sales-man. Box
18S, Call office.
WANTED — Position as assistant shipping
clerk. S23 Hayes st.
YOUNG man desires position in clothing store.
Box 484. Call office.
WANTED — Work as n gardener. Apply at
15 Third St.. T. MACKERT.
SHOE clerk wants position. Addresa 1235
Geary st.
CIGAR clerk wants position. 114S Hyde st.
WANTED — A position as night watchman. :
Address J. V. B.. bl6 Pierce st.
GOOD, sober man wants work as assistant
Janitor; not afraid of work; can give good
reference. Address 1235 Market st.
WANTED — Position as clerk In wholesale
hardware house. Box 4S.*;, Call.
BOY 14 years old wishes a steady job. 313fi
Pierce st.
BOY wants position as errand boy. 234 Leav- ,
enwonh st.
WANTED — A position as bellboy Box 482,
Call.
WELL-ACQUAINTED resident wishes position
as clerk in department store. Box 2ti2, Call. .
MESSENGER after school hours; 3:15 to 6
p. m. 10 Clementina st.
YOUNG man want3 position running clpvator
during evening hours; thoroughly competent, i
Box 263. Call.
ITALIAN boy wants job In fruit store after !
school. 1414 Jones st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper wishes position. 2111 :
Geaiy st. j
POSITION as offlce boy. 733 Laurel ave.
SITUATION as mining superintendent. Ad-
dress box 2t!t>. Call.
¦ ¦ ______
SOBER, industrious young man wishes situa-
tion with wholesale firm as clerk and gen-
eral offlce work; 5 years' experience. Box
280. Call.
BARBER, sober and steady, wishes work.
. Box 211, Call.
BOY 14 years old wishes a Job as wagon '
boy. Box 208. Call. . * ;
BRIGHT young man. 16, desires position in a !
wholesale house; references. Box 3OO. 'Call. 1
TINSMITH wants work. 408 Stockton st.
LABORING work of any kind desired by a
i>trong sober man; steady work preferred;
please state wases. Address box 504, Call. |
WANTED — Position as special policeman. 233
Fourth *t.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class carpet layer.
15 Godeus at.
BOY wants position in offlce. HARRY KAN-
LER. O23V4 Foleom et.
WANTED — Position an assistant bookkeeper
or clerk. Address box 388, CaU.
WANTED— Position as collector for local busi-
ness. Address box 560, CaU offlce.
YOUNG man would like position In wholesale
. house. Box 7C3. CaU.
YOUNG man wishea position as stock clerk.
426 Devisadero st. "¦
POSITION as watchman, wholesale house-
?10CQ security. K. F. CAMPBELL 2024
Powell ft.
WANTED — Job as cash boy. Address box
5«J5, Call offlce.
A MIDDLE-aged man wants Janitor work-
good worker: terrmerate habits; reasonable
wages. Box 557, Call.
POSITION wanted a* cutter in tailoring «hoD-
references. Box 310, Call.
A GOOD boy desires work i-.f anv kind: will-
ing and faithful. Box ie0. Call.
WANTED — Position as stock clerk; best of
references. Box :;S5, Call.
AN exoerieneed boy wants offlce work. Ad-
dress box 56S. Call. .
| BOY wants to carry moraine paper route- ace
17. C. BULLOCK. 037 iWebster st.
! COMPETENT watchmaker desire* work even-
Ings. • Address box 567, CaU office.
POSITIO'n as engineer; locomotive or station-
i ary; used to oil. Box 300, Call.
I — . — , _____
GERMAN, 3 months here, wishes steady good
position: also small ranch or fruit farm;
wages no object. Box 8S6, Call.
WANT work a» gardener. Apply J. DEV-
LIN. 9S3 Kearny st.
WANTED— By a young man, a position' as an
'elevator man in offlce building; can give
good references. Box 231, Call office.
AN experienced painter wants a position. Ad-
dress box 401, Call offlce.
WANTED — Work as bartender. Apply at 315
Second it. O. TRASK.
WANTED — Work as waiter In mine boarding-
house. JAMES HARRIS,, 744 Howard at.
DRAUGHTSMAN would like additional work
for evenings, either mechanical or patent of-
flce drawing. Box 430, Call offlce.
g_PLOYME~T WAgTEO — Mala—Con.
A POSITION In tn« country: trustworthy an I
competent: handy with tools. Box 684. Car..
TEAMSTER wishes a Job; city or eountry.
1074 Howard st.
WANTED — WorK as blacksmith; experienced.
G. MACREY. 217 Clara st.
SITUATION wanted as an errand boy. JOB
KENNY, 729 Mission at.
A SALESMAN desires a position. 88 Fourth
st. C. 3.
SITUATION wanted as a watchman. A_-
I BERT GREEN HOW. 1707 Dupont st.
! WANTED— By a strong bey of 17 year* a
position in wholesale grocery businesa Box
237. Call offlce.
j MACHINISTS' apprentice. 3'i years* exr-er!-
i ence wants position In automobilo shop;
references. Box 308. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as collector. Address box
61:3. CaU offlce.
I BOOKKEEPER, experienced, wants set or
books for evenings; reasonable. Box 6CS.
Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper; with beg?
references. Address 2421 Mission st.
! EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants s*t Of
books for evenings. Bcx C07, Call offlce.
K YOUNG man desires position in a flr«t-c!a^
stationery store; ref. Address box «2t. Cai:
AN Al jeweler desires position. Address 321
1 Fell at.
I POSITION as collector. Address box 330. Ca'.l
office.
WANTED— Position as press feeder. Box «n»
Call office^
POSITION wanted st light " work drivtrg
wagon. Box 654. Call offlre.
WANTED — Position as collector. Box 627. Cajl
' offlce.
| WANTED— Job In tailor shop. in27 Larkin
I street.
FIXTURE hanger wants work. Eox Bio. Call
; office.
I WELL-KNOWN cordial and liquor salesman
I v/tth an ?stabllshed trad* desires a posit'ot
with an American house. Address box 331.
; Call office.
' EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants situation.
Address 1044 Devlaadero st.
i SALESMAN want9 situation In furn Ishtnic
i goods store. Addresa B. PECKMAN. 734
! Market *t.
BOILER-MAKER wants position. 19*» H «•» •-
ard «t.
STENOGRAPHER wants position. Ad1r«>«s*
1903 Fillmcre st.
ALL around real estate man wants position
with established firm. Box 371>. Call offlv*.
GOOD e'ectrician wants steady wcrk. 247
Clara st.
YOUNG man wants situation as offlca boy.
Box 375, Call offlce.
A SALESMAN acquainted with saloon trad »
desires a position. O. S.. 455 Minna st.
BOY wants offlca work. Box 373. Call offlc».
BOY wants position as errand boy; wages |SV
Apply 614 Grove st
BOY wants Job in wholesale hous». Box 372.
Call offlce.
A BOY wants a position aa errand boy. Box
371. Call office.
WANTED — A positlcn as bookkeeper. F.. box
3K>. CaU offlce.
I POSITION wanted by engineer. . electrician
and machinist: all around man, competent
to hold any situation in the above llnei;
have tools and testing instruments: also
have Chicago and Western licenses and rec-
ommendations; 20 years' experience: have
family; 37 years old; temperate. L. J.
DOW. master mechanic. 2t)lH Larkin St..
San Francisco.
AMBITIOUS young bookkeeper will work
evenings; reasonable. Box 370, Call o/flie.
JAPANESE young faithful boy wants position,
eookins and housework; small family: city.
Y. KASl', Ztt Ellis St.; phone Jessie «24.
A NICE strong Jaran«-»e< wants position aa
schoolboy. S. X.. .'119 Deviyadcro st.
JAPANESE boy wants position at housework,
waiter, laundry; $5 up week. I. F.. 451 Jessie.
YOUNG man (IS) wants situation In store.
123 Tay'.or St.
EXPERIENCED plumber wants work In th»
city or country. Box 596, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man attending high school would
like a i>osition after school hours; best of
references can be given. Box 42-">, Call.
A GOOD all-around rook wants a position. Ad-
dr«s^ box 51 «. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wants Jr>l> in cash
house. P. B.. box 577, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as salesman and collector;
references. Bjx 4UC, Call office.
A ROY wants work as errani boy. Can at
P27 Sutter st.
YOUNG man wishes a position In whole»al»
house as packer. Address box 575. Call.
COMPETENT, experienced offlc* man desirfj
position as Itfiokk^oer or In any clerical «-a-
rac'.ty; ace 27; best of references. Box S7».
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes a position in dry
£oods house. Address box 573. Call offl<_^.
SITUATION wanted by American. 58: highest
reliability; can do clerklris:. chamberwor'*.
etc.. in hotel- or rooming-house. Box 5*'>.
Call offlce.
BARTENDER wants situation. Address Hap-
py. 9O4 Market at.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position a»
bartender; country preferred. 7K> Mission «t.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 5 S 5.
Call, office.
Al SALESMAN wish's to make conne<-tlor«
with some good, reliable concern: vest ex-
perience and results guaranteed. Address box
• 570. Call office.
WANTED — A position as clerk In grocery
store. J. W. ALLEN. 5S1 Geary st.
BOY would like to learn the blacksmith trai-.
546 Howard st.
WANTED — By steady young man as paok-r
In wholesale house: moderate salary. Ad-
dress box 497. Call offlce.
' — — »
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. 17'1
Fourth at.
WANTED — Position as grocery clerk. Ad<lre«*
46 Rausch st.
COOK desires work as extra. R. G. MONS-
FIELD, 212 Leavenworth st.
MAN wants a position as engineer: good ref-
erences. Address box 406. Call offlre.
WOULD like a position as stock clerk. B>x
3S2, Call offlce.
GOOD bartender wants work. A. P.. box
499. Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position as clerk
Box 853. CaU offlce.
BOY wants position. 1419^ Mission st.
PLUMBER'S helper wants position. 121 Ru»
•treat.
WANTED — By an experienced cigar and to-
bacco man position a* city aatesn lan Bnx
710. Call office.
- — — — — — — — — . ._ ______ ~
POSITION wanted as carpenter in a hotel or
large firm. 1242 Polk st.
YOUNG man would like position drivln?
wagon. 83S» McAllister at.
PORTER wishea a situation. 704 Howard! St.
WANTED— Position as barkeeper. 732 Ellis st.
SITUATION wanted as errand boy. 531 Stev-
enson at.
GOOD salesman wants position. Box 707, Call
offlce.
WANTED — Position as salesman In first -ela.-.*
Jewelry store. Box 696, Call offlce.
A BOOKKEEPER wishes a position. Box 6CA
Call offlca.
BOY would Ilka position drrvlnsf wagon. Box
6»4. CaU office.
WANTED — Position a» city salesman; can fur-
nish good references; experienced. Box W>3.
CaU offlce.
EXPERIENCED domestic dry goods salesman
wishes to make chanse. Box 692. CaU office.
SITUATION wanted by all-around machinist:
also experienced at brass patterns and gen-
eral bras* work. Addreae box 633. Call office.THE SAN' FRANCISCO "CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1004.
43
.. ¦¦syi.O . jt _ UT' WA-TT-D — Ifa'.e — Ccn. :
r :::_"! -i'la:-.- ¦ ' «' ; "' '•'«¦ mak?! V— nit j- .««i - ¦ '
:..:i A6dn-t* 6»— <•*•'••. ••a.i ofnceJ
iv/M!.:i'-r.*.'i''i : <* - P-cery cierlc A>i- , -
Crevf. ".''_• V.-r .in ptace.
STRONG •¦ am m*s» "**-!«• ««**. MS Fulton] *
street. |l
l\"ANTEI>-A position a* bartender. S. WoLK, j
328 J«k— e et. | •
_iTUAT_uN »_ Ihi> pJck-r In country. C 1*. i
w , bo_ W5, Call iKfiue. [1
:-!,.'. --_ nun «LOUl<] Lks work of _n> j
kind In th* 1 evening. Box <;;"J. Call office. j ¦
BOV, :;: ><ar». \\b::es employment of any!
•,:!.i:; ho— ESt and willing. Addr_- box 1344. j,
• ;^!i otfice, '.'a_jar.d. ,
! 1 .-i'l !<.-N : aa!>t:r.an groce:y ireue; best ref-
enrsocs: ions; e_jfrieni:e. Box 1345, Call of-
!i. .<-, Oakland.
:«*OD :l-rk wai;ts work in grocery. J. H..
bc_ :.,k\ Call office, <_»ek'._nd.
:>' 'V ¦Rould like i>criti«n in office"; good refer- |
enct-s. Uo_ 672, Call office.
i.\s:'\ .:.:.!: w_r.t« aittt— Uoa as j»ainter and
K-llCRer tn hotel. W. O. WILSON. ITS Pert).
-OOKKEEPt -- »1at»e_ position: e-ee'.lent ref- j
eret__, r..\ ClU <_Jl oCOoe.
i'H.N'i) man wanta liace ae coachinun; has j
! « i experience, and can lurnish reference.* j
' gi.n.ii peopki. i'hcr.e How__ 10_. AdJief-s '
;*•_ B__ st. [
A H< •> Brant- to (Jo errands after echocl. 77'J !
Huih «t.
?M CATION n» floorwalker in d-iiartment
¦tore. 15' x ci_, on oiftcv.
F_IST-C1.AI>S engineer anJ machinist wants 1
position I- hcte.1 or effice _ui»<5i:ig. Box £13, I
Cali <i:f-ce.
, 1 — 1
PODER. Btea-r. miJdie-a^ed rr.an m ;s!-.*>s rx>- j
*'*:'•!> s<= r.ipl.i rl^rk cr watchman; can run
eleT-tar; reference*. Address fcox *J3'.>, Call.
-HGE-IAKER »ir.t» jib. 1CX>6 Sutter st.
• i
PQEITIOJC _k pl__ber helper. IMS Eleventh 1
'•¦•'"•-*• : 1
P!,A< KPMITH 'union) wishes work. H. )
DORAKE. 711 Kcv.ard «t.
___, J
HATTEU nar.!? work. 7.'.5 Mission .t.
SPECIAL adv. writer wiil pive trial to irood j
eonccrn; salary. Addre_ box C33. Call office. .
_ — . . , j
BUTCHER wants steady Job. 218 Sixth rt.
POSITION waiitoii by >n_ri~ Frenchman as
waiter. Bex 3M, Call office.
WANTED — Work a'ternoon. 1 to 6 o'clock. Ad- '
itc^s box 305, C—li office.
TulXO J_i ; anese rx»y __tfcet) wishes position
B_ ecbool boy; wajres r.o object. O. IKI, 4H1 .
Stevenson dt. Phone Jessie _:»S1.
COCKC man would like a pos'.tton as bo <k- j
k*«pe: : b«*st references given. C. JOHN-
6ON. 151CA California st.
tt"AX~EJ>— Po-ltioa as coachman. Box S3. j
Call office.
WANTED— Situation as d__w___er. Call 547 |
11 ¦•-... 1 Ft.
BOV -.antf job in wholesale hou^e: l»est ref- |
mnat. Apply S. C, 1516 California st.
WHOUBSXIX grocerv salesman wants po?l- t
tion. 5U5 Pacific ave. ,
EOT wants to learn plumbing. Box 90. Call |
off.ee.
W ANTED — Position us *renojrrapher: refer-
»!)l« furnished. Box SS». CstC office.
9.JNITOR want* employment. Apply P.
*'"'".;' i'_R, 7:»S Elite st.
DRUGGIST salesman —ants position. Box j
250. Cail efflce. ;
W.\NT_D— Position as advance agent with |
r-pertotre company. IJox 217. Call office.
WANTED — C— — - actress for ineenue role in j
high-clasp comedy company. B^,x 21<i. Call.
Y"A"NG man would like »nrk in the evenings, j
S. O. NATHAN. Oil Bt«V_taoo st. !
BOUGH oariwnter, non-union, wishes employ- i
nser.f: «_ty or country. Box 245. CaJl.
POSITION -.-anted as collector for installment 1
hour*: reference* piven. Box 244. Call.
GHUMAN. rctidJe-acei man. wants a position •
t- night wati-hman. App'.y 1_3 Fifteenth j
mf, south, city.
WANTED — To do copying at home; Sp-ncerian
hand. __3 Pulton «.
B'.'Y »ar.> ary kin-1 of -/ork. Box 253. Call ;
____: . _i
TpCXG man of £O wants petition in whole- ;
_al« house. Box SKJ. CaU office.
WANTED— A position as office boy. Box 316, j
Call c f nce-___ j
WANTED — Job in store as errand boy. Ad-
dr__ box :>7!>. CaU office.
F1FIST-CI-A5S furnishing: poods man would
like positions; -Address box 317, Call office.
J < 'Y .-,f 13 years of sue wishes position as er-
rand hoy." Arrlv box 312, Call office.
!___ XABU5 your.p man desires position a 3 col- j
lector cr ou:*Me man; he« of city refer-
ences-. Ecx 4_3. Call office.
CARPENTER wants work by day cr Job. 415
CI» mcr.tlna ft.
TOXJJSG man would like jio^ition as p!umb»r'j ;
helper. Box __. Call office.
V.'ELL-KNOWN butlness man de?:res position j
as clerk cr salesman in any business. Box '
.".k4. CaU office.
FP.'VOND-HAND on cake* war.us work. Ad-
dress C. lodO Church et.. near 27th. [
GLAZIER wants work, city or country. Ad-
,<!re.»s C. Z.. 2178 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPER, thoroughly competent, mod-
ern fvsttme, desires engagements for por- j
tion cf time; aud:t«. system*, etc.: reason-
able; reference* Box 380. Call office. j
CLHRX. mi<i<ile-a_ed. desires engagement with '
~, holesale house, office or store: Is famlilar |
with OriC-taJ trade: best references. • Address J
»bO- 5f4. Oil office. j
J OSITION wanted as porter by a strong young
nan Box 5.12, Call office. '
. — __ I
TVA"NTE_— *\ in<iow trimming evenings. 216
, Clement st.
CFFICE boy wants situation; references. Box
_*. Call office.
WANTED — Po-tt-OB as clerk In hardware
•etor*. Ecx 421, Call office.
BOT — »nt« Do^ition in wholesale house. Box
, 417. Call office.
BLACKSMITHS helper wants position. 450
E!!la art.
A BRIGHT, energetic young rr_n desires posi-
tion in wholesale house; best of references.
Box 419. Call office.
1 — — — 1
A BOT would like a position In wholesale
hou^e. Box 416, CaU office.
COMPETENT ster.'igraph*r wiehes position
*ith local wholesale house. Add— «s F.
MEYER. C" Fourth st.
ERL'O sa>Em*n want* position. 2023 Pacific
avenue.
_AN -. iFli*-s a rx*!tion »» Janitor. 416 Natoma j
et.. San Francisco.
r»RT;MMER wanta portion. 617 Gough st.
WANTED — Eituation as lunch mtn. K4« Pierce
Ftreet.
TWENTY years' experience tending- bar; wish j
position. Address box 606. Call office.
WANTED— Position aa a collector. Box 31?,
C_II efflce.
>. GOOD boy would like a position as errand
bey on Saturday. Box 367. Call office.
WANTED — A position as bookkeeper by a
your.g man. Apply box 366. Call offlc*.
HANDY man. can do almost anything, wlahea
*t«dy job in city. Box 318. Call office.
WANTED — A position as errand _oy In some
crace. Ad-re_ J. M. G.. 285 Fell st.
WANTED— PoEiten as solicitor. Box 365, Call
offlc*. ,----'-* ; -
POSITION wanted aa watchman; good refer-
ence.. Address D. McC. box 506, Call.
ETRONO your.g man wishes poelton; can drive.
Pax bOH. CaJl offtu-.
POSITION a* barber: short houra. Ad&ress
box <W. Call office.
WANTED— A pesitfon os bookkeeper, young
trian (_5): w_gt« no object. Addreee box 559,
'."¦all c!f:i_e. . ,. -i-?.Vi#,
HAN wants position aa collector. 49 Fourth
street. ' "";-
EARKEEPEM winhes work conclave sr.asoa;
day work. A<Un.ss box MS, Call office.
__ARKI_D man <27). good practical business
experience: ralesman. bookkeeper. _ene.r_l
erflce work; anywhere. Bex 579, Call office.
"¦MrnOTSTEWT WArrT-P— Male— Con.
U".\\-;k!'-a :-«.shi..:i In hardware store by
:-i>ni!«r man with !i jcars" txp-±rir:ice? ln-
<iuii«- cJ_nr BUknJ. r.O Third ?t. j
UOx" inuttci a ros'tion in n urhol_al« house;
hett of reference*. 132C Edyd Ft. j
BRIGHT, industrious young man wishes posi- j
lioa aa saleFir.an in wholesale house: be.n of i
references lurnishxd. Address box i.57. Call, j
WAXTKD-A position as clerk in wholesale \
haruwar- store. Address box 5S5. Cail office, j
CIGAR salefman wishes position. 2415 Pacific !
avenue.
MILKER w_ni.i rcsition. 1919 Bush street.
POSITION as barkeeoer. Address box 556,
<':il! f-fflro.
YOUNG ninn wants position In hardware store;
best of references. Box 555. Call office.
1SILL t Ierk wants r>o«sHion. 1945 Howard
?trt-*i.
WANTEI*— Portion as bookkeeper; Al refer-
ence. Hex .Vf7, Call office.
WANTED— Position a* b<x>kl<ee:>*r; Al refer-'
in< t*. Box 62J, Call office. ]
YOUNG man wish-s position in general mer-
chattdise siore; city or country : ¦•an furnish
nest cf references. Box ."_0, Call office.
DOT wouM lrke to learn trade. 139 Erie
street.
WANTED — Situation as grocery nalesman. Ad- '
(Jreps box 629. Call office
— ! — ' ¦
AN honest jro-njc :ran would Dice a position
as **5ls;:int bcokkeer*r; city preferred. Ad-
¦ ! .r«-«s box ol7. Call office.
I '-Of ivants a position in a dry goods store.
Box 51 G, Call office.
WANTED— Situation ae chauffeur. C. F.
TAMMAXT, 317 Golden Gate av».
COMPETENT youns man stenographer and
typewriter, having over 3 years' experience,
wantr a r'.'sitl^n In that capacity; references.
Box .V.J. Call office.
A GOOI> and honest boy, 17 year*, who Is on
txperirmed elevator ope—tor, with first-class
refereni-es. wants a position. Address box
r.<«. Call office.
YOUNG boy wants a position In an office
before and after schoc!. A. K.. 1490 Dolores.
WANTED — Position by first-class coachman;
California cr Eastern ref. Box 519. Call.
BHOEMAKEU wants Job. 1306 Sutter street.
A FIRST-CLASS barber wants engagements
fcr Saturdays and Sundays. 2241 Mission st.
BTBOXQ boy wants work drlvine a delivery
wagon. 114 Stevenson st.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. 3040
Eighteenth st.
YOUNG man wishes situation aa clerk In
store. 1-S Taylor
BOT wants position as errand boy. Address
_t>. Call office.
BOT wants work after school. 3517 Twentieth
street.
EXPEliT fixture hanger wants work. H. W.
WILSON. 524 Eddy st.
A BOY of 16 wants a position with a large
printing concern. 1401 Point Lobes ave.
BOY of 15 wishes a situation as errand boy.
Box 5.X"?. Call olfiee.
PRACTICAL cutter and fitter, with Ions ex-
perience and reference, desires a position.
Bax 752. CaH_offlce.
SITUATION desired by a neat young man;
clerical position; moderate wages. A. P.,
G32 Geary st.
WANTED — A position as cash boy. Address
716 Filbert st.
POSITION as driver on city delivery; union
man: tan furnish reference. Phone Page 459.
WANTED — Position as collector; experienced.
Box 734, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as a watchman. WM.
OILBART. 143.1 Dupont st.
POSITION as janitor wanted by a 60ber and
reliable man. Box 7X1. Call office.
WANTED — Position as tally clerk: experi-
enced. Address WM. H. BROWN, hay
wharf. Kteuart st.
EITUATION wanted as a cook. 1 Kent a^
WANTED— Situation a* nurse. 954 Jiarrison
street.
A MAN would like to have work on private
place; take care of horse*, cows, lawn, frar-
dtn etc.: wages $."{0 to $35 and found. Box
I3S3, Call office, Oakland.
TRAVELING salesman desires position or will
take side line where inducements are attract-
ive. Box 1352, Call office, Oakland.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener position;
private place: can handle horses and milk.
Box_1349. Call office, Oakland.
OTTICIAN wants position in city. Box 634,
Call office^
WANTED — A position a» cutter In tailor shop;
$75 per month. 1480 Eddy et.
POSITION as errand boy. 219 Natoma st.
ENGINEER wishes position: steam, pan or
electric. Box 347. Call office.
SHOE salesman wishes position; references
Eiven. 214 Hyde -t.
BOOKKEEPER (experienced) wishes Bet of
books for evenings; reasonable. Box 345,
Call office.
WANTED — By experienced clgrar and tobacco
man, position in retail cigar store. Box
:M2, Cail office.
A STRONG young: man wants a position to do
anything; hard working; speaks different lan-
puagc-s: ealary not object. Address box 341,
Call office. ________
WANTED — A position a» bakery wagon driver.
A. SMITH. 122 N Inth St.
YOUNG man want* a position as apprentice
to pattern maker trade. E. J. DUCO1NG, 103
Second st.
YOUNG man wants position as apprentice to
Uarn carpenter trade. T. K.. 1490 Dolores st.
BOOKKEEPER, good all-around man, desire*
situation: references. Box 339, Call office.
"WANTED — A Job as painter. 42 Moss «t., M.
TURTELTOV.
WANTED— Position in fruit store. Address
205 Fourth st.
ENTRY clerk wishes employment. 872 Geary
street.
FIRST-CLASS elevator operator with good
references xeeks position. Box 760. Call.
WANTED — Position ae lunch cook; saloon. T.
• H. McOTATH. 118 Fourth it. '
CARPENTER desirea to make an engagement.
1404 Mason at.
WANTED — Position as second cook or helper.
R. L. HUNTER, 213 Gou_h et.
WA ITER wants position. 600 McAllister st.
ElECTRICIAN — Young; man. 17, experienced
i n electricity, wishes position. Box C65, Call.
A YOUNG man wishes a position as salesman.
_2762_Pa_-ejBt. *
POUX.TRYMAN open for engagement Beptem-
' ber 1 : good manager; money-maker. Address
box C44. Call office.
FIItST-CLASS lunch man wants Job In city.
Address box 759. Call office.
WANTED, by a steady man, work of any kind
uhere he can work In the evenings. Box
329, Call.
FIRST-claes butcher, with beat of reference-,
wants work. Address box 4802, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as driver. 786
Capp st.
MAN and wife wish positions In the country.
Box 332. Call.
GOOD, reliable man would like a position aa
watchman. 413 Clementina et.
SITUATION wanted aa a watchman. ALBERT
GREENHOW. 1707 Dupont at.
WANTED— Situation as bookkeeper; 15 years'
experience. 1040 Buchanan st. _
WANTED— work by a ' middle-aged Christian
man. as watchman or handy all around man
for hotel or rooming-house; understands en-
ijlne and boiler. Box 755, Call.
BRIGHT and well .educated young man wants
position where be can advance. Box 1380,
Call office. Oakland.
! YOUNG married man wants work of any
kind; is reliable and steady. Box 1391, Call
office, Oakland.
GOOD strong boy want- Job aa porter In
__«tore. Box 1357. Call pfflce._ Oakland.
YOUNG college student wants poaltlon~in bank
or wholesale house. Box 135S, Call office,
Oakland.
GOOD solicitor, with references, wants steady
work at fair wage*. Box 1C63, Call office,
_ Oakland.
YOUNG men would like position aa black-
smith's helser. sf Box 698, Call office.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper In grocery."
Address X. Y.. 500 Jones »t.
MAN wanta to learn carriage and wagon
painting; will work for small wages for
awhile. Box 785, Call office.
YOUNG man wanta position to drive wagon;
experienced. Box 322. Call office.
WANTEb-^CarpeTTayer woufd like steady po^
sitlon. H. SACKWELL, 1 Howard court.
EMPI.O'gTWiENT WAaTTEP— Male — Con. }
YOI.'NG man- wants u t«j*!tion in the even-
ing, !!-r!r!'. 7 to 11; best of references. Box
__£:, Call office. j
GOOD barber watrtsTsToady jobT Box COS. Call I
office. j
YOUNG carpenter's helper wants work; city or .
_country. Box 6T1; Call office. j
A FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants a position. ;
Address H.-* MURPHY. J^ 7 _J^±' io " 8t _ !
POSITION "as furniture handler. Address IS
Oak Grove ave.
A SWISS man wants work; milk cows. 315V4
Jessie st.
WANTED — Position by a first-class Chinese
cock: family or boarding house. LIEU
YUEN. 1113 Clay St., tel. Black 3658.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants situation.
1109 !i Howard st.
ENGINEER wishes position; good electrician.
_J._FOARD,_42_Perry st.
A COMPETENT GARDENER wishes situa-
tion. _Call_10 Cap» st.
WANTED — A position as cook; meat and
pastry. 772 Harrison Bt.
MAN and wife, cooks, firet and second; mine,
lumber oarni* or R. It. cars. Address box
739, Call office.
STRONG young man wants situation as help-
er In foundry. Addrecs box 715, Call office.
WANTED — A Eituation as gardener. Address
1625 Bush st. . *¦
A COOK WISHES position. 15 Verona at.
ENGINEER wants situation. 114 Le Roy st.
A FIRST-CLASS butler wants a position. Ad-
dress CHAS. WALL, 902 Market st.
WANTED— Position as steward; best of refer-
ences. Box 3^7. Call.
POSITION ac errand boy. 1207_Buch_nan_st. i
WANTED— A position as assistant bookkeeper
or office n-.-irk by young man just from the
_East. Box ooO. Call.
YOUNG man wants work in warehouse. Box
U-J3. Call office.
A FURNISHING goods man wants position.
Address W. A. B., 23S Montgomery at.
GKOKGE NILSON wants a job as office boy
in wholesale house. 525 Natoma st.
MAN wants position as traveler. 21 Mason Bt.
POSITION wanted by an experienced bar-
tender. Inquire 777 Market.
WANTED — Situation as porter. Residence 810 ;
Ureen st. j
WANTED — Situation as bill olerk in a French
commission bouse. Box 765, Call. !
SITUATION wanted as barman. Address 118
Fourth st.
EXPERIENCED copyist, seven years' expert -
«-i:ce, deslrc-s steady employment; Al ref-
erences. R. EAMUEL. Zl Birch_ave.
SITUATION wanted by competent bookkeeper.
_Addrese box 640, Call office. j
1
WANTED— Job as porter. 719 Market it |
1 CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building, J
wan_ work: will ko to country. Box Cti7, j
| Call office. j
SITUATION wanted; aT barkeeper. Address
; box O5C, Call.
\ WANTED— Position as cigar clerk. 314 Eddy
St., GEO. ALMON.
POSITION as manager loan office by experi-
; enced furniture and, ealary loan man, know-
i ing every detail of brokerage busineis; good
collector: close appraiser: excellent on rates; |
first-class accountant; best refeiences; bonds I
any amount; familiar with city, and can !
control some business. Box 673, Call office, j
I WAITER wishes to attend parties in private
families. Address A. G.. box 039, Call office.
! STEADY, reliable young man (29;, experienced
i bookkeeper, desires place as bookkeeper or
. assistant v.ith chance of advancement; flrst-
claas references; wages moderate to begin.
Box 43. Call office. ,
WANTED — Position as porter saloon, W. L.
D1XOX, 630 Sacramento Et.
WANTED — A situation as a typecaster In a
n'Pe foundry. Box C41, Call office.
A HANDY man wants work. Box 324, Call
office.
j AN experienced egg candler wishes steady po-
sition. Addrees 311 Folsom st.
OILER, with ocean liner experience, wants Job
in power house. Box 32S, Call office.
CAKE baker wiehes Job as third band. Box
326, CaU office.
A SCHOOLBOY wishes Saturday position.
IVAN STEINBAUGH, 737 Howard St.,
room 46.
i SITUATION WANTED AS A GENERAL
MANAGER. SALES MANAGER. OR IN
THE PURCHASE OR SALES DEPART-
MENT OF PROGRESSIVE MANUFACTUR-
ING. WHOLESALE OR MINING COMPANY
BY MAN OF ABILITY, FORMERLY PRES-
IDENT OF SEVERAL LARGE MANUFAC-
TURING COMPANIES AND A RAILROAD;
30 YEARS OF AGE. TEMPERATE AND A
HUSTLER: NO OBJECTIONS TO POSI-
TION OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES;
AN OPENING WHERE BRAINS AND EN-
ERGY WILL BE REWARDED IS DE-
SIRED. ADDRESS BOX 47, CALL OF-
FICE.
GARDENER, thoroughly experienced in all
branches of gardening, wishes position; well
qualified to take full charge of first-class
private place. Box 443, Call.
i SITUATION as foreman or manager of dairy
or ranch wanted by a married man; long ex-
perience and best of references. Box 480,
Call office.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON, 477 and 478. Parrott building.
MACHINIST, first class, wishes position In
open shop; references If desired. Box 60,
Call office.
STENOGRAPHER; expert. hustling, work
clean cut; accurate; experienced accountant;
neat, courteous. Box 241, Call.
YOUNG gentleman with valuable mechanical
engineering and builness experience desires
responsible position. Box 437, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cutter wants position. 833
Eddy st.
A CLERK wants a position In a drugstore.
1410 Devisadero st.
LIGHT, responsible position; man of means;
best credentials. Box. 234, Call.
YOUNG man, 20, wants a position In dry goods
store; understands the trade; speaks French
and pretty good Englieh; bond and refer-
ences. Box 134, Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller, mining, stationery, power
plants, factories, wants work at home. Box
4S47. Call efflce.
WANTED — By a young Frenchman. 23 years
old, work among plumbers or learn the trade.
L. ALEO.NARD, 6l5Vi Bush st.
STEADY, reliable German (20), experience In
grocery business, wants position. CRAMER,
638 RallrOed ave., Alameda.
SALESMAN with rig desires line or apecialty
for Alaraeda County; drug, grocery or candy
line. Box 1337. Call office. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED mining assayer. surveyor and
bookkeeper. Box 67, Call.
JAPANESE man and wife wish positions; man
good cook, experienced in all kinds of Indoor
work and the care of horses; wife plain cook,
waitress, fine laundress, housework: wages
$50 month for both. Box 4874, Call office.
JAPANESE couple wish situations; man as
cook, wife aa second work; both have good
experience. Address, letter only, K. OKA,
807 Polk at.
JAPANESE couple desire positions; man any
kind of work, cook, etc.; wife general house-
work. 4 Kappeler court.
A YOUNG Japanese wanta position In store or
hotel as a general houseworker. KAZU, 1762
Flllmore st. ¦
A BRIGHT Japanese wanta a position as
schoolboy In a nice family. 839 Sacramento
St.; tel. James 6261.
JAPANESE boy wants any kind of work In
evening: speaks English. S. I., 22 Prospect pi.
A FIRST-CLA8S Chinese cook desire* a posl-
tlon; wages $30 to $10. LEE, 860 Dupont it
AH SING. Chinese first-class cook; good refer-
ences. 932 Dupont at.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market et., opposlto
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ¦.
rUBN-TTJ-E fOB BAXE.
YOU can buy $7& wort- of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 840 Post St.. near Powell.
ONE Kragan davenport, $40: one ateol gas
Ktove and Instant beater, $15. almost new;
Call after 2 p. m.. 2403 day st
Anderson Auction House, 19 Turk, nr. Mar-et,
furnishes evry thing for the house; low prices.
FOR eale. — 1 - mahogany bookcase ; i willow
rockers. Room 43, 1170 Market at.
FOR eale — House of 8 rooms, well furnished]
at 143 Sixth at. .
FOR sale— Furniture of S rooma, $65; rent
$13. 654 Natoma st.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger, 439 Valencla,nr.l6th.Tel.Churcb 3879.
rTT-tNITTr__ WANTED. .
a~be*"levy.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO., pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Misslon:tel.Bush 813. I
WANTED — A folding bed. Address box 4607,
Call of flee." .
ri«ATS TO _ j-~T.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list; •
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-251)
Geary st.. on the square. • i
AN unusual opportunity to secure a new I .
modem flat In a select residence district; sun
•».nd light In every room; very artistic finish; '
oper for inspection to-day; these new Colo- .
nial flats on Franklin st., bet. Vallejo and
Gre;r>; liberal inducements and reasonable
rents to desirable tenants. A. HARSHALL,
12 Kearny st.
NOE. cor. 19th — The Mission warm belt; one
block from ISth or Castro cars; lovely, new,
modern, sunny 4 and 5 room flats; every con-
venience; must be seen, etc.; storerooms:
rents $20 to J27 50; water free. Key. 397S
19th st :
FOR rent— A modern flat of 6 large sunny
rooms, bath and cellar; all latest Improve-
ments: In -the best neighborhood cf the Mis-
sion. 3627 Twenty-fifth st., between Valen-
cia and Guerrero.
LOMBARD. 1010 — Flat, 3 rooms; marine view;
large yard; good for those requiring pure air
and sunshine: rent reasonable to the right
party; no children; apply for 1 week.
TO RENT — New 5-room and bath flats j corner
of Brady and Colton sts. off Market, be-
tween Twelfth and Thirteenth; open for in-
spection to-day.
TWO new, sunny flats of 8 rooms and bath
f'tuh- corner Gough and Myrtle ave.; rents
$:.O *nd $r..'i. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATW
CO.. 513 California st.
A GOOD flat on Post at., east of Van, Ness
ave.: in fins condition: very reasonable. In-
quire of BOVEE. TOY A CO., 117 Mont-
gomery st.
POINT LOBOS AVE.. 320— SUNNY SIX-
ROOM FLAT; JUST RENOVATED; RENT
$16.
HAIGHT, 70fi — Only one left of those 6 new
Rats; 8 large sunny rooms; marble vestibules,
etc.; owner on the premlsss.
CASTRO. 421, r.ear 17th — Sunny belt; modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 families; cheap; stable.
NICE sunny flat. 6 rooma and bath; good ma-
rine view; southeast corner Broadway and
Jones st.
FOURTEENTH. 433— Desirable upper flat. 6
rooms and bath; sunny and modern; rent
reasonable.
! GREENWICH, 1761, near Octavia— 2 desirable
{ middle flats, 5 rooms and bath each; rents
reasonable.
UNFURNISHED flats. 6 and 6 rooms, bath,
hot and cold water; electrio lUhts; reason-
able. F. L. McCORMICK, Hotel Larkspur.
DKVISADERO, 1111, near Turk— Sunny lower
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent $30. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 967, opp. Jefferson
I square — Sunny, modern flat; & rooms and
I bath; no children; $25.
! CASTRO. 421, near 17th— Sunny belt; modern
upper French, sunny 11 rms.; balcony: grand
view; convenient for 2 famllles;cheap;stable'.
NORTHEAST corner flat of 7 rooms and bath;
eun In every room; rent low; 1486 Ellis st.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
UPPER flat, 7 rooms and bath; modern. 2728
Mission St., bet. 23d and 24th.
HAYWARD. 2. oft Harrison, near Eighth-
Sunny middle flat of 4 rooms; rent $11.
EDDY, 1349 — Flat 7 rooms, bath. $35.
SUNNY, upper flat, five rooms, bath and yard;
$22 60. 10 Shotwell St., nr. Fourteenth.
NEW, sunny 6-room flats; 1 block north of
Market. 163-1C5 Noe at., near Fifteenth.
LARKIN. 2509% — 6 rooms and bath; nico yard;
rent $18.
MARKET, 2658, nr. Castro — Mod. flat, 7 rooms,
bath; all sunny; $27 00; water free; adults.
NOE, 324 — Sunny flat of 6 rooms; cheap to
adults.
HAMPSHIRE, bet. 21st and 22d— 3 new flats;
5 rooms; baths; sunny; Mission warm belt.
JULIEN ave., 137, off Sixteenth and Mission
sts. — 8-room house and bath.
LYON, 11V4 — Upper flat of 7 rooms, bath; sun-
ny and modern; rent $42 60.
PRECITA ave., 350 — New upper flat; 7 rooms;
every convenience; rent $25.
NOE, 151 — i connecting rooms; sunny lower
flat: bath, gas, sink; $14; north Market.
FELL, 174 — 6 rooms and bath to let.
FLAT to let; 4 rooms, bath, laundry, stable.
349 Liberty st.
LEAVENWORTH. 1039, bet. California and
Pine — Six rooms and bath; rent $18 60.
ELGIN PARK, 76— Middle flat of 4 .Ice sunny
rooms, laundry, yard; rent $16.
NICE furnished flat to let; all conveniences.
1104 Powell st.
PAGE, 1619— Modern, light second flat to let;
no children.
SUNNY corner flat, 8 rooms and bath; north-
west corner Devisadero and Turk (its.
FINE upper sunny flat, 6 rms., bath: marine
view. Holtmeier. N.E. cor. Filbert-Taylor.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519 — 5-roo_ flat; gas,
bath; rent $18.
GUERRERO, 928, near Twenty-first — Fine
sunny rooms; bath; Just renovated.
EDD?i 918. near Franklin — Lower flat, 4
rooms and bath.
OAK, 832, near Oetavla— Flat, 5 rooma and
bath; large b_sernent.
LIBERTY, 601. near Castro, warm belt — Mod.
ern sunny parlor floor. 4 rooms.
CAPP. 1086 — New sunny flat, • room* and
bath; all frescoed.
BAN JOSE av_, 225— New flat; « room*, bath;
awellest location; Mission warm belt; $26.
FOLSOM. 2903 — Sunny corner flat, 6 rooms and
bath, to let. %
GLOVER. 1«%— Sunny modern lower flat to
let; 4 rooms and bath; rent $16.
FRANKLIN. 2360. bet. and Vallejo
— Upper flat; marine view; rent moderate,
FLAT to let, 6 rooma and bath. 1830 Point
Lobos ave. '
EDDY. 1349— Flat 7 room*, bath, $38.
TWENTIETH. 3003— A flat. B rooma and bath,
to let. furnished. $30.
WILLARD. 1263— Desirable upper flat, 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
A SWELL new flat. 6 rooms; rent reasonable.
Corner Webster and Waller ets.
HAIOHT. 915, near Devlsadero— 8unny mod-
ern flat of 8 rooms, bath; rent $35.
BAKER, 731-3," near McAllister— 2 fin* new
flats. 7 rooms and bath.
NEARLY new upper flat; 4 rooms and bath.
336 Tehama st.
ELEGANT upper flat, 6 large, sunny rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. 1737 Page it.
FLAT, 4 sunny rooms; large yard; rent $14.
714 Natoma st.
TO let— $7; TWO large rooma and yard. 726%
HarrUon at.
DOLORES, 521, near Eighteenth — 6 large, sun-
ny rooms: bath; rent $30.
FLAT to let; 0 rooms and bath. 647 Castro
at.: rent $22 SO.
HARRISON. 1176, near Eighth— Upper flat, 5
rooms; perfect condition; rent reduced.
LAKE. 742, near Ninth ave.— New French flat;
6 rooms; rent $25; park In rear.
PACIFIC ave., 2405, near Flllmore— Flat of
6 rooma: sun in every room; large garden.
TWE7NTY-SIXTH. near Folsom — Just complet-
ed; corner flats of 0 rooma; rent $22 60-$25.
FILLMORK, 1124— Modern 7 rooma; all large
and light; corner; rent reasonable.
GREEN, 20W — Handsome, aunny, modern flat
of 7 rooms: bay view; yird In rear. -
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAO, 116 Montgomery st. '
g_ATs WA_rrBP~-gPB-wsa_-p.
WANTED — Flat of 6 or 7 well furnished
rooms, centrally located. Box 61, Call."
u-mLi ror general nouaeworK; 4 in family;
small flat. Call mornings, 1027 Fillmor- at.,
near McAllister.
YOUNG glrla to wind yarn; steady work.
GANTNER „ MATTBRN CO.. 607 Grove
et.. city.
BY leading wholesale' house. 8 traveling sales-
women; flrst-clasa and permanent positions.
Address box 572. Call office.
YOUNG girl to do upstairs work and wait at
table. 902 Eddy st.. Monday, 10 to 12 m.;
three in family.-
GERMAN girl to do cooking and downstairs
work; 3 In family. 902 Eddy st, Monday
10 to 12 m.
GIRLS to learn paper boxmaking: paid whlla
learning. Enterprise Paper Box Ox, 62
First st.
YOUNO girl to take care- of baby. 1482 Eddy
atreet.
WANTED — Slngera to Join a choral society for
concert work. Particulars 1260 O'Farrell at.
GIRLS for libeling at 1533 Buchanan st. Ap-
ply Monday morninx at 8 o'clock.
GIRL wanted for reneral housework at 1373
- Masonic ave.
GIRL for general housework; family of two;
good wages. 1736 Walnut St., Berkeley.
GIRLS to work on paper bags. _, I. ROSSI-
T_R, Oth floor, 27 Jessie st.
APPRENTICE I wanted at dressmaking. 954,
Harrison et.
WANTED — Woman by the day to wash and
iron. 2542 Sacramento st. .
WANTED— Ladles' tailor. 1012 Flllmore at.
WANTED — Girl for good cooking and down-
atalra work. 821 California st.
ABOUT September 15, a nurse for a eonflna-
ment case; references. Box 216, Call office.
WANTED — Washerwoman by day. 139 Lar-
fcln ct. ¦ ' ¦
AN experienced milliner wanted at 1004 Folsom
street. ¦ • ' ¦ '
WAITRESS wanted. 906 Powell st. *
GOOD, competent servant girl wanted at 1040
Geary at.; references required.
GIRLS and dressmakers to learn new Joy
system dressmaking. JOHNSTON. 131 Post.
GIRLS and Ironers wanted at National Laun-
dry, 411 Sanchez at.
TAILORESS wanted at 2263 Mission st. Ap-
ply at once to M. J. BARNETT. ,
opening for young man.
Registered drug clerk: country; good salary. |
Manager, groceries, $150; still open for com-
petent man; boss here; references required.
Driver, who known city, $10.
Stock clerk; $25 to start.
Strong boy, leather goods. $25 to start.
Bookkeeper, Fresno county, $90.
Champagne salesman; salary.
Bill clerk, $6 to *tart.
Fur cutter, $3 B0 day.
Good boys wanted daily, $4 to $1.
Office open Sunday till 2 p. m.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
600 Hearst Bldg.
COOK and wife, waitress, $100 and found: 3
hotel cooki", $50, $60 and $75 and found;
boarding-house cooks, $35 and $45 and found;
2 waiters and wives. $50 and $70 and found;
waiter, country hotel. $30 and $35 and fare
paid; kitchen man. $30 and found: cook for
institution. $35 and found: dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 828 Sacra-
mento at.
WINDOW dresser and card writer, $25 week;
coachman, see employer to-day. $35 and
found; separator man, $35 and found; sash
and door maker, $21 week; log way man. $35
and found; atlcker man, $50 and found;
screw turner, $50 to $60 and found; boy for
small dairy, $15 and found; milker and
choreman, $30 and found; fruit farmer and '
wife, $50 and found; wood choppers, $1 23
and $1 75 cord; 8 miners, $3 day; 8 laborers
for mine, $2 50 day, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGEXCT.,
14 Third St.. near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
MINES. MINES.
' 8 machine miners, $90 a month.
8 muckers, $75 a month.
Hop pickers, Sonoma County. Hop pickers.
Free tenta; wood and water free.
50 men, women, boys and girls.
SAWMILLS. NORTH.
6 lumber pliers, $60 a month.
6 laborers, $60 a month.
4 laborers, city, $2 25 a day.
2 teamsters, city. $2 50 a day.
Dishwasher, country hotel. *25 and found.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third at.
„ — CONTRACTORS' Employment Agency. 635
Washington St.; phone James 3301 — Married
couple, fruit ranch, wages $50 found, free
fare: 6 woodchoppers, stove wood, _ tier,
$1 75 per cord: blacksmith's helper for ranch,
must set shces. $35 found ; marble cutter,
city. $3 60: marble setter. $4; section hands,
co.'s own work. $1 70 per day; men around
sawmill. $2 25 to $2 80 per day. L. H.
CUTTING - CO. ¦ I
WANTED — Man of business ability and some I
capital to Interest hlmsslf in a paring propo- I
sltion which will bear investigation. Box
134S. Call office. Oakland.
Contractors and emplayers of labor throughout
tb« State to communicate with Independent
Employment Agency, 612 Merchant at., S. T.
WANTEI> — Of flee bor; industrious; food pen-
man. Box 432. Call office.
STRONG boy. 113 O'Farrell st.
BCSHKLMAN wanted. 1191 Turk street.
BOY wanted about 15 years of age. Apply
3 and 4 v. m.. 612 California st.
MESSENGER boy for office; about IS. Apply
220 California st. room 4.
WANTED — Two union carpenters. Apply 327
Sixth ave.. Richmond. Monday.
WANTED — Boy. 12 to 15. for errands; whole-
sale house. Box 552. Call office.
SHOE repairer; steady work; good Job fer
elderly man; no night work. Borr SS3. Call.
PORTER— Grand Hotel Barber Shop.
FlRST-CliASS hair cutter, who understands
ladles' hair curllnr. 40 Geary at.
FINE coat makers wanted. Apply CHAS.
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market at.
ERRAND boy. about 15. residing in Oakland.
Call PETMER LUMBER CO.. Monday.
COATMAKER to work on flrs t-class eo*ta In
store. 514 Turk at.
WANTED— A flrst-claj» cutter. Box 043. Call
office. _
B_ACKS_rra ; S~h«lp«r~w_nt<~. 487 j"ra_-
clsco st. I ' .
FIRST -CIaASS carpenters and cabinet ot_n
wanted. J. "vTILgON. 863 _^»sten at.
CASH and errand boy* wanted. MAJRJCS
BROS.. 12-0 Market at.
WANTED — Apprentice* to learn — _tc_r___t .
O. EISZ, 86 Geary at.
ERRAND boy wanted. BIS Miaaioa a*.
WANTED— Watchmaker for th« country. Ad-
dress box «32, Call office. . \-~ ¦-•-,¦ ?'
WANTED — Good panta finisher. 4» McAllister
at., room 7.
WANTED — Respectable boy to help In et__r
store. Inquire shoe store. 133 Montgomery ar.
ERRAND boy wanted at Ka-anaffh Bros., S
New Montgomery at., under Palace Hotel.
WANTED— Youns; man a* drususar. 1U5
Howard st. - ».. ¦
BOYS, make money after school: aaapla, poet-
paid. 12c. Western Syndicate, 706B Po— *n „
For Additional ClaMlfled. Adyartlao
r. .,.;..- __en£_ 8ee Pace 4_
KELP WAgT_P----A-_---C<mtlnge-.
AT C. R. HANsjEN _ CO.a Era?. Agency
429 Bush st 642 Clay St.
For State of Oregon month's worl*
FREE FARE BOTH TCATS,
10 sewer brick layers. & hrs. day $<*
NEW electric R. R near city
100 teamsters $--?- -0 day
2 men, private places, country $ao-$i3
15 hotel waiters, call 7 a. m.. Monday $35
Man and wife, waiter and chambermaid,
some cooking, country club. $75-$Sl», fre«
fara bvth ways.
Man and wife, ranch work $10
C. R. HANsEX & CO Etna Office.
42S Bush st 642 Clay st.
AT HORD & SMITHS.
Ct r traitors" Agents. 95 Third si
Cook, San Jos?. $65.
Men for brickyard. $2 to $2 50.
Tinsmith, country.
Assistant waiter, near city. $25.
Bench hand, cabinetmakers. $-> 3<X
Teamsters, near city. $'J 25.
Laborer, near city, $2.
Laborers. Monterey County. $2 25.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
*J4_ Commercial St., near Kearny.
Phone Bush SC.1. JOHN L. URECHSLER.
OPEN' SUNDAY, 10:30 to 1.
3 carpenters, company work, $7o fd. ; •
tridse carpenters, lumber co.. $90; 5 sheep
butchers, c.lty. tl)i>; '£ carpenters, dredger co.,
$7t> fd. ; 2 miners, gold mln<>, north. $90.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — Gardener,
country. $40; stableman and drive, privai*
r-lace, |30; man to milk cows and make but- ,
ter, private dairy. $35; under gardener, $25;
butler. $60; val*t to travel. $75: kitchen boy,
private place. $25; several waiters far coun-
try. $3O to ?S5. etc. •
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 21 Montgomery, r. 12 —
Janitor, asartment house, $30; oorter, $_O.
BETTING commissioner wanted— Man of gr>od
address, having wMe acquaintance lr. own
locality, to place tvagers on Presidential elec-
tion: cash commission paid. Write fully,
giving references. Address P. O. box 17(49.
New York.
WANTED — Youn? man, lti to 17 years of age.
to wcrk in office and do collecting; wages ts
commence, $5 ver week, with advancement
nnd steady position; hours 7 a. m. to « p. m ;
must be well recommended. Box 550. Call.
BRANCH office manager wanted by established
con joratlon: must be capable, give surety
bond and invest «.'«*': salary guaranteed:
splendid opening for right man. Corporation,
box 501. Call office.
ASSISTANT secretary wanted by corporation:
must be well educated, able to keep books
and invest $500 cash and give surety bond;
salary guar. ; splendid opening. Box 5OO. Call.
WANTED — First-class mixer for cracker fac-
tory; specialty man on scdaa .desirsii; must
furnish references. Address »7Pj W. Sixta
«*.. Lcs Angeles. Cal.
FOUR intelli_en*. men to sell family trad?:
liberal salary and commission: experience
unnecessary: steady position: before a Mon-
day. CIUSTOBEL WINE CO.. -505 Market.
WANTED — Lively man to work restaurant and
hotel trad<?: we furnish fine horse and wagon;/
must have $300. Box mSI, Call office.
JAPANESE who understands English, experi-
enced dishwasher, email restaurant; this
morning 8 o'clock. £100 Fulton st.
WANTED — A gentleman to solicit in city for
•1 sco<l business on commission. Inquire at
•'J0S1 Ei_ht»enth st.. bet. 7 and 8 p. m.
WANTED— Good, bright errand bny ; 8t»a<ly
position. Apply S to 9 a. m.. M. FRIED-
MAN & CO., 233 Post st.
MEN and women. learn the barber tran>;
wages paid while learning. HAIGHTS. B47
Commercial st.
WANTED — Bright young man that can play
some en piano to travel with entertainers.
1SCS Ellis st.. city.
2 SALESMEN. 3 solicitors. $50 salary: 2 clerks
and others. Select Employment Bureau. 10U1
Market st.
A competent commercial gardener to work 20
acres irrigated land en shares. WAUKENA
COLONY CO.. Waukena, cal.
WANTED — Steady waiters for Palace Hotel
private stand: only first-class waiters need
apply on Monday, from 1O to 11 a. m.
COACHMAN wanted; first-class driver and
rider. Apply CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor.
71*1 Market st.
ERRAND boy wanted. Apply CHASTlYON^
London Tailor, 721 Market St., Stevenson st.
entrance, between 9 and 10 a. m.
BOY. 15 to 17 years old, who wants to l_rn
hardware business: spply Monday. S8_
Valencia st.
WANTED — Energetic man with some gash for
established business: light work. 1118 Market.
.
TWO young men to learn the barber trade.
For particulars inquire 751 Mission st.
WANTED — Grocery clerk; German prefjrrjd.
Apply 69 Twenty-third st.
HELPER on patent chimr.eys; Monday at" 8
_a. m. 911 Treat ave.
BOY wanted— 16 or IS year* eld. 16S7 Geary
street.
""ANTED — Japanese at 139& O'Farrell st.
GROCERYMAN over 25: chance to advance.
CATTELL'S. 625 Eighth st., Oakland.
BOY wanted. Call at 42 Market St.. r-iem 3.
BATHS; salt eiven with baths. WINCHES-
TER. 54 Third st.
BUSHELMAN. 446 Ellis st.
EXTRA bath man. 64 Third it.
BOYS wanted at 2O4 OFarr-11 St.
WANTED— Two office boy*. Box 62. Call
office.
SALESMAN wanted at GANTNER ft MAT-
TERN'S. 20 Post st.
GOOD errand boy. 304 Golden G-te -ve.
WANTED — A small boy to run errands. Ap-
ply 306 Sacramento st.
UNMARRIED men to distribute papers. $8 per
10C0. C. H. ROV^AN. Milwaukee. Wls.
ERRAND boy. 1405 Pino st.
BAR3ER shop for sale on account of other
business. 18^5 Mission st.
HELP WA»-_P— F-MALE- gon.^
AT Mrs. Lambert, 41S Powell st.. neat help of
all nationalities to fill various positions.
A GERMAN or French chambermaid and seam-
stress.$.'iO, city. MRS. LAMBERT, 41S Powell.
AMERICAN cook; short distance: no other
i work; *35. MRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell st.
A LAUNDRESS, plain washing, for one month.
; $30. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON COTTON-
ADE PANTS. STANDARD FACTORY.
CORNER GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
¦ WANTED — Young woman who is an experi-
f enctd dry goods wrapper. Apply . between
0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
1 WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
1 ; ¦ it ~
WANTED — A servant girl. 1014 Flllmore st.
MILLINERY apprentices and makers wanted.
723 Market st.
YOUNG lady advertising solicitor for local
paper. 62S Crossley building.
WANTED — Woman to assist In housekeeping
1 and the care of children: no washing; wages
$15. Apply Monday. CSS Shotwell at.
NEAT, middle-aged single lady waitress: small
; lunch parlor; no Sunday work. Box 767, Call, j
WANTED — Girl, 16 years, to do light house-
work. Box 195, Call office.
t . — — __
• FIRST-elass tailoress wanted on coats. 403
Pine at.
" SERVANT girl wanted. Apply 642 Haight st.
• "WANTED — Girl to assist in housework; small
' family. 130 Larkin Bt.
5 WASHWOMAN wanted at 62 Clementina rt.
. MIDDLE-AGED woman assist housework and
children. 572 Precita ave.; Folsom-st. cars.
GIRL for housework. $30 a month. Box 440,
j Call office.
LADY to work by the day. housecleaning, $1 50
• and car fare. Phone Sutter 2630.
WANTED — A reliable nurse girl. Apply at
! Call office, box 605.
"WANTED — Lady apprentice In photo studio.
9 Mason st.
r " — ¦
; NURSE rirl —anted. 2025 California at.
BOOKBINDERS; glrla wanted. Apply 536
"j Clay st.
9 NURSEG1RL and second work. 8037 Wa_hing-
? tO " st '
3 WANTED — Girls to work on shirt waists. Ap-
0 ply at MAYER'S, 428 Sutter st.
i> ' ,
l> GIRL to assist with light housework and
"1 child; not over 14. 833 Guerrero 3t.
5 —
% WANTED — Girl about 15 to care for babies
l> and help about house. Box 757. Call office.
3 — _
j WANTED — Lady vioIinUt for position la city;
5 good sight reader. Box 756, Call office.
5 — —
5 GIRL to assist In light housework; two In
0 family; good home; wage* $20. 2125 San
( Jose ave., Alameda.
GOOD home in exchanre for light housework:
small wages. 1223 line st.
" WANTED — A first-class waist trimmer; perma-
nent position. 330 O'Farrell st.
. WANTED — Girl for housework. Apply 1433
Sacramento st.
'• WANTED — A woman to do washing. 113
« Cedar ave.
GIRLS, make money after school; sample poet-
paid. 12c. \V«atern Syndicate. 7C6B Powell at.
"WANTED — A good young girl for housekeeper.
¦ Apply 506 Buchanan.
- GIRL for housework. 2331 Market. Call Mon-
day, 10 a. m.
1. ¦
1. WANTED — A woman to help with housework;
; small wages; good home. 1703 Howard at.
n GOOD pants finishers; call Monday. MARTIN
BERWIN. 850 Market st.. room 46.
, GIRL for cooking and light housework; 2 in
family; $25: Palo Alto: call Monday, 9 to 11.
751 Sutter st., room M.
r APPRENTICE for millinery. Room 331. Starr
a King buildlnx
3 LADY to attend register and clerk in grocery
L store. CATTELL'S. 525 8th St.. Oakland.
- APPRENTICE girl, ladies' tailoring: paid
while learning. G. SPEIER, 107 Stockton st.
0
r GIRL to assist in light- housework and take
care of child Monday forenoon. 1117 Geary.
• LADY agents: best proposition: If you want to
make money call LIEBERMANN, 231 Poet
St., room 4.
2 HOUSEKEEPER for quiet, refined Invalid gen-
: tleman; salary no object: liberal to right
s party. JOHN C. GRIFFIN, Cecil Hotel.Ukiah
g .
Wanted — Young girl assist housework and care
for children; sleep home. 1241 Sanchez st.
" THREE salesladies to sell perfumes _nd face
'• powder: good wages; carry samples only. Ap-
•: ply A. H. SMITH. 1300 Polk St.
- CHOCOLATE dipper; must be experienced:
;- good wages; steady. B.J. Baum % 1144 Howard
II GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
1 2228 Clay St.. corner Buchanan.
A YOUNG girl for housework: 3 In family; no
washing; $15. 2172 Green st.
S " ¦¦-'• — ¦ -—
SALES LADIES.
•, .ii
YOUNG ladies. $1 50 per day and commission;
outside of city; ladles also take notice.
WALSER _ CO.. 486 Eddy St.
h g-LP ; wAarrsp— ____.
„' THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES 1 RECORD CO.
Bookkeeper, $50: chance for advancement.
- Stenographer. $35 per month to start,
h Bellboy, $10 and found.
d Porter. $20 and found.
1- Draughtsman; Al for city; $3 B0 per day.
Draughtsman, country, $60.
- Salesman, stock and bonds; guaranteed by
j a trust company.
> Manager general store, country, $75.
L Stenographer, young man, $8 to $10; city;
- increase with knowledge, of business,
d Boy, shoe store. $4 to $5.
'• Temporary typewriting. $2 day.
Stenographer, $25 to start.
— ' __no__.nher. Renirta- SI 5 to «t»rf! mr_
FI.ATS TO -ET— rPBNISK--.
MODERN furnished Cat of 9 rooms: just built:
on N. E. corner: separate entrance: new
mahogany and weathered oak furniture; fur-
nace, hnrriwood floors, Turkish rugs, etc.
Box 301. Call.
I WILL rent my furnished flat or part. "West-
ern Addition 7 rooms; sun every room all
day; nice couple; no children. JULIEN
SMITH. 420 Montgomery at.
TO LET — Partly furnished middle fiat of five
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. m.. 79 South
Park.
DEVISADERO, 1627, near Sutter— Modern,
handsomely furnished flat of five sunny
rooms, reception hall and bath; lights free;
rent ?C7 50.
NEWLY furnished flat, 6 rooms; private
;.arties only. Box 787, Call office.
POLK, 2216 — Modern 6-room flat, furnished
complete: use of Diano: rent reasonable.
HATES, 672 — "Furnished flat, 5 rooms and
bath; gas; rent reasonable.
FURNISHED flat, 3 rooms, to let. 12« South
Park.
LEAVENWORTH. 1310— Nicely furnished flat
of 0 rooms; reasonable; piano; call - to 4.
JONES, 1652 — Small. 5-room furnished fiat;
very Funny; grand marine view; rent $26.
FLATS FOB SALE — _*XT-&-TXSE_:X».
FOR sale; cheap: five nicely furnished sun-
ny rooms and bath. 15_t> Devlgadero; call
afternoon.
FOR sale or lease, handsomely furnished flat
of ssven rooms; going East. 348 Spruce st.
FINELY furnished flat: 6 r. and b. ; low rent;
bargain; $450 piano, $150. 808 McAllister st.
FOR sale — 7-room flat: cheap. 1052 Ellis st.
RECENTLY furnished flat; new piano; parties
going East; inspect 10 and 12. 685 Fell at.
FLATS VTA-TT-D. '
WANTED — House or fiats on Sutter at., inside
Gough; ruitable for physician. Box 420, Call.
WANTED — To buy or rent (furnished) 3 to 5
room flat. Address box 331, Call office.
WANTED — A five -room flat. Box 878, Call
office.
gl_— -TCX-—.
$1000 AT one ner cent, from private party
only. Box 783, Call office.
HELP WAH.SS- _ _______
COOK, institution $50
5 cooks, little washing $30
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, coun-
try hotel $50
4 second girls, city $20-$_.'i
Nurse, 2 children $30
Chamberwork and laundress $:«>
Cleaning woman, girls' home $-0
Chambermaid, girls' home, country $25
5 waitresses, country hotels $-5
Kitchen helper $25
Housework, San Anselxno $30
Upstairs wcrk and sewing $25
Cook on ranch $25
Head waitress, commercial hotel, eountry.$35
Parlor matd and waitress $25
Maid and companion to elderly lady $25
Ironer for laundry, country $10
44 general housework girls, city and country^
$_0-$25-$30; call Monday.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES" RECORD CO.
2 waitresses, $30 and meals, city.
Waitress, country, $20 and found.
Reception lady, millinery, $8.
Cook and housework, $25 and found, $30 If
do email washing-
Bookkeeper, knowledge of stenography. $50.
Housekeeper, San Diego.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, Hongkong, $50
and expenses.
Starch ironer, $2 per day.
Office op«n Sunday till 2 p. m.
We have lady in attendance.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO-
SOS Hearst building.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 3rd St.. near Call bidg. Phone Bush 450.
Female department open 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
Cook, family hotel, $10 a week and fd.;
chambermaid, same place, $15 and fd. ; wom-
an for institution, $20 and fd. ; 50 omen
and children, pick hops, Sonoma County,
tents, wood and water free, ship Tuesday
and Wednesday. MRS. J. M. JOHNSON,
Manager.
HEAD chambermaid' for an institution, no
waiting or washing, $25; second girl for
Palo Alto, $25; cook, also fa. waitress, for a
email, plain boarding-house, $35, $30; res-
taurant waitress, $6 per week. MISS
PLUNKETT'S, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
NURSE for 2 children, for Contra Costa Co.,
$30 a month; chambermaid, willing to do
plain laundrywork, $30; second girl, for
Palo Alto, $-5; cook for small, plain board-
ing-house, $35: restaurant waitress, $6 per
week. MISS PLUNKETTS, 425 Sutter St..
near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdres3ing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
Jn 2 weeks: tuition $6 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk.up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
Hairdresslng, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5
2 wks.; day, eve. class: positions secured; all
parlor work at reduced prices. 133 Powell.
0N_ HUNDRED OPERATORS AND GIRLS
TO LEARN ON OVERALLS AND ENGI-
NEER JACKETS. STANDARD FACTORY,
CORNER GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
A YOUNG girl to help with housework in
small family for her board and room, with
part clr/thes and privilege of going to achool;
best references if dealred. Address W. C. D.,
160 University ave.. Palo Alto, CaJ.
LADIES to do piecework home; -we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 84 EJ. Mon-
roe St., Chicago.
BOYS and girls can make |3 to %& weekly
working for ua after achool; sample 12c, poet-
paid. Western Syndicate. 706B Powell st.
"WOMAN to do man's washing, clean and
press his suits; reasonable rates. Box 507.
Call office.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904.
44
MUSIC— X> :_fST~OT~Bj~~>»
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size , for
average rooms, big pianos f or U rge parlors,
halls, etc.; pianos fcr rent at $1 per month
some at $2, a Urge number of good : one- at
$2 50 per mo.: our own ™ake pianos at $3
Per mo. (the best instrument ftttndtorVM
money in f. F.): a fine line of e'^ant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo; over $"0 in-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year s
rental allowed off purchase pr.ee. SLOXi
CUKTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments
-Erard. small upright for Practice. •••-••• ?*>
Woodworth and Allovon. splendid order.. 63
Neumann, mahogany case, a bargain.... i£>
Sherman. Clay & Co.. good order. i>» i
Grovesteen & Fuller, splendid order. .... i*a
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O" Parrel) at. j
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest j
termS, lowest prices and greatest var.ety or !
new pianos; all makes in used instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-233 Geary at.; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
BARYTONE and trombone, sliver plated, and
musician's coat. 66 Angelica st., off 19th.
PIANO for sale. 819 Minna st.
SECOND-hand piano. $125. BACIdALUPI. 786
Mission st.
A "PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary at.
A LOT unredeemed storage pianos, furniture,
dirt cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
ONE n*onth piano rent free on pianos rented in .
July and Auguat. BRUENN. 225 Sutter »t. j
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as (
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
J60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNGS. 216 McAllister at.
S&HMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
.rcents. SCHMIT/ A CO.. 16 McAllister «t.
3-PEDAL Stelmvay up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's. 235 O'Farrell.
MUSICAL ECT3~~fl7C~IO~'.
PIANIST and experienced teacher; harmony.
W. H. LIPSCOMBE, 320 Van Ness ave..
corner Fulton.
orrioss aot stobes to r_ ;t.
FOR rent — Good, dry basrment. with cement
floor and* elevator service. 24x90: office w«Il
lighted on ground floor. 24x30; A. J. WHIT-
AKER, 117 Sacramento st.
DESKROOM on second floor prominent build- j
Ing; elevator; reasonable rent. 1206 Market l
St.. room S. !
TO let— Shop, 20x16, suitable for any kind of
mechanical business: water free. 1219 Market.
HALF of fine, centrally located, well fur-
nished offices; cheap. Box 583, Call.
_____ _ — — — — — — — — — — — —— — —
PART of store to ren>r good location and |
' reasonable. Apply 609 Mission st. «,,
OFFICE to let. 374 Sutter at.; sunny suite; !
?22 50. !
FINE hall to let for dances, etc.. 1 to 3 times
a week; cheap. Room B, 1107 Market st.
LOWER p.irt of 4C5 Sutter St.; ratable for
business purpeses. I
PEKSOJAL3.
"KEXRADIO," the famous London healing j
"Hcdium King." having by his marvelous
vitalized radium power quickly and wonder-;-
fully cured me and my many friends, all
prominent citizens (many were "Instantly"
cured), as an act of gratitude I invite 100 •
"hopeless" sufferers to come to my offices, j
hear our strong testimonials, and themselves ;
be cured by his truly extraordinary radium t .
treatment. I will pay for your treatments '
(nothing for "you" to pay). Others also wel-
come to "witness" hia continual, astonishing :
anrl Inexplicable cures. Hours 2 to 4. ,
"Broker." "G Montgomery st.. suite 21.
DR. ROWELL'? Fire of Life, a sure cure for !
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia, j
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for ¦
over, 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely »•
by ROWELL & BROWN, 32 Turk St., S. F. i
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm- I
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff J '
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses, sralp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac- j
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
ALL witnessing collisions of street cars with I
hearse on Mission st. last Sunday please call
0T send eddrp«« to DANIEL O'CONNELL'S
law office. 220-7 Parrott building. i ;
Canrerous lumps, rores. Impure blood (affecting j !
skin mcuth. bcr.es, etc.) speedily cured by
Skilled sp»clallst from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured, j
RUGS made from old carpets: Ingrain, brus- j '
s«!s. tapestry and moquette: chenille curtains i
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory, j ;
8t:2 Market st.. Oakland; take West Sth car.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also ;
chenille-wove mzs, silk rortleres; dealer in !
carpt-t twin? in hank or chnin. at lowest '
ratt-s. Goo. Matthews, 709 Fifth ?t.. Oakland. I -
PROF. DE LOUTSKY, dermatologist; most ef-
fective face treatment*: Parisian painless
methods. 327 Geary st.. opr>. St. Francis. .
FURNISHED rooms, en suites or single; can
sp»-ak English and Spanish. 1014 Powell •
St.. between Washington and Clay.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell St.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
an<l trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London I
Tailor. 721 Market st. j
YOU can buy $75 wcrth of furniture for $7 50 j
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURK CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell. J
MAGNETIC specialist: best massage creams '
and hair tonic in the world. Mrs. Hols-
houser, parlors 319-320, Btarr King bldg.
DURING the conclave don't fail to visit us. '
Cur treatments refresh you. Facial and body !
irassage. 1IRS. J. M. WOOD. 371 Geary st. '
ALL hair ami skin diseases cured; hair grown: j
gray restored; superfluous hair positively |
killed. DUNLAP INSTITUTE, 50 Geary st. i
WANTED — A young lady as room mate by re- [
fined young woman. In private family. Box I
74, Call office. * :
ELECTRIC light cabinet baths, vibratory i
treatments. and salt glow. 467 Geary st.
MALE nurse, surgical, medical, mental cases.
4€2 Geary st. ; phone James 7501.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaten, 3S9 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary,r.3a.
¦SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
- trie needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 117O Market St.
ELEGANT suits to or.1»r, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 850 Market
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1810 Sutter st.
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants.$15.
LLON LEMOP, 1127Mkt. St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite halr-
dresslng parlors) to 645 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
$250. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50. I
¦ Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
BUSIITSSS FEXtSOITA—S.
¦ i
BY experienced lady typewriter, work of all [
descriptions: tsrms reasonable-. 405 Gough st.
PALMISTRY. !
. |
Read on page 22 of the wonderful gifts of
prophecy and healing by ISMAR, the Gypsy.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes. .
MADAME DEVAS. palmist and astrologer.
Llebes bldg.. 13ft Post st. Hours 10 to 5.
OLDEST~lady palmist in city; ladies 25c; gents
50c. ,2ti^a Kearny st..
PHT S1CIAW3 ASP ggr_,Q_O W3.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021Vj Market St.. ttet. f.th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
ELOOD. ricln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1C731J Market st. ¦
REMOVED— DR WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 607 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
DK. WONJJ HON. 319 Powell St.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
, PTTBCHASE-Q AO-RCI-iS.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun- i
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit- j
ed. 3568 17th st..San Francisco. Tel. Capp 856. |
BOOMS POB HOTJSS- H K "UTO.
AUSTIN aveTTce oftTpoliTst.. between Bush
and Pine — Two housekeeping rooms and bath
BUCHANAN. 1003. near McAllister— Sunny al-
cove room; sep. kitchen; run. water; adulta
BUSH, 1092^ — Parlor suite of three rooms for
housekeeping; other rooms.
CALIFORNIA. 1304^ — Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen; reasonable: no children.
CENTRAL ave.. 9S6 — Three housekeeping
rooms.
CENTRAL ave.. 992— To let. 3 furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
CHESTNUT, 2C*— Two small housekeeping
! rooms.
I CLARA, 123 — Housekeeping rooms.
¦ CLAY. 14.VJ— 2 or 4 front rooms; gas ran?-;
bath; complete housekeeping.
DESIRABLE rooms, basement Coor; 4 room?,
private house: overlooking Panhandle: for
rent early September; moderate to sultab.e
party. Box 443. Call office.
EDDY. 604 — Corner bay- window rait* and
kitchen for housekeeping.
EDDY. 617 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing: nice location: reaaor— bie.
EDDY. 739 — Well furnished housekeeping
rooms: 2 or 4 gas ranges; bath and phone.
EDDY. 771 — Furnished rooms for housekeeping.
! ELLIS, 1020— Housekeeping room; American
I family; $0. <
ELLIS, 1038 — One or two nicely furnisheil
rooms; wtvate family: new fiat: phone.
ELLIS, 1808 — 3 sunny rooms for housekeeping:
nicely furnished; piano.
ELLSWORTH, 2201, Berkeley— Housekeep ing
rooms. ________
FTLLJ LXQBJ C, 1125 — Housekeeping rooms.
FIRST ave.. 721 — 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms.
FOLSOM, 013 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 021 — Housekeeping rooms.
FOLBOM. 724^4— Housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM. 1086 — To let, 2 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
i ¦
I FOR RENT— Early September, _*«ira_le base-
! ment floor, private house; overlooking Pan-
| handle: moderate to suitable party. Box 261,
j Cull office.
FOURTEENTH, 207 V, — Housekeeping or fur-
nished rooms to let; very reasonable.
FOURTEENTH ave. south. 1643. near Rill-
road ave. — Furnished or unfurnished house-
keeping rooms.
, 1 ,
i FULTON. 817 — To let. 2 anfur_ishe<3 rooms
! for housekeeping.
i . 1 1 .
! GEARY. 453^ — 3 sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing.
GEARY. 861 — Two nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas, bath, phone; reasonable.
! GEARY. 1635—2 sunny furatahed housekeeping
rooms; bay-window; grate; bath; rent reas-
onable; private family.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 439 — Thre» furnished
housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622 — Sunny, furnished
housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE are.. 625— Nice, pleasant
furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631 — Two sunny, well
furnished rooms; Iisht housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE are.. 6T-T — One front, light
housekeeping hall room; folding bed; $3.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1529, near Scott— 4 fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping;
reasonable: apply 10 to 5.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1635 — Sunny housekeep-
ing furnished room; $3.
GUERRERO. 930. bet. Tw&nty-flrst and Twen-
ty-second — Furnished i-ooma for housekeep-
ing: no children.
HAIGKT, 3 — Larg* sunny front room facing
Market St.; kitchen ar.d gas range.
HAIGHT, 133 — Housekeeping rooms to rent.
HAIGHT. 21S — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; sunny, yard, ail conveniences.
HAIGHT, 224 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms
with bath: suitable for 2 or 3 adults.
HAIGHT 403 — First-class housekeeping rooms
to let.
HAIGHT, 450^ — Housekeeping rooms to let.
HARRISON. 749 — Housekeeping rooms.
HAWTHORNE. 8, off Howard, between Sec-
ond and Third — Furnished rooms; house-
keeping; gas.
HAYES. 481 — Rooms furnisheil for housekeep-
ing; bath, gas, phone; private family.
HOWARD. 737ij — Manila — Nice pleasant fur-
nished rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 822^ — Two suites housekeeping
rooms; also single.
HOWARD. 823 — Very large front rooms; gas
stove; housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1074 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1074 — Three housekeeping rooms.
HYDE, 214 — Furnished housekeeping rooms U
let.
HYDE, 609 — Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping; central.
HYDE. 1540— Eunny front furnished room and
large front room: housekeeping.
HYDE, 1732^ — Housekeeping rooms.
j JESSIE, 333 — Large, sunny parlor. - furnishe.1 :
gas range; $3 5O per week.
i JESSIE, 333— Sunny room furnished for house-
keeping; gas range; sink; $2 75 week.
JESSIE, 474 — Housekeeping rooms to rent.
— -_ ____
JESSIE. 5-14 — 2 housekeeping rooms; ninny.
KEN1LWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat;cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed electric lighted; free baths; rates rea»-
LAGUNA. 914— Suite Of three housekeeping
rooms. $25.
LANGTON. 10. nr. 7th— 3 neatly furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
; I.ARKIN, 819 U — Large, sunny, furnished room
for light housekeeping; gas stove; $12 month.
LARKIN. 1064 — Sunny housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN, 10&I — Sunny, housekeeping room.
! LEAVENWORTH. 214—3 sunny, furnished,
basement rooms; gas range; $16.
LEAVENWORTH. 1911— Completely furnished,
sunny rooms; marine view; housekeeping.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Goldsa O.v*
ave^. — Suites and sunny unfur. rocma; r«a_
MARKET. 744. room 17 — 2 housekeeping rootm
i cheap for tne conclave.
I MARKET, 1711—2 furnished housekeening
I rooms.
MARKET. 1S2 4— Nicely furnished housekeeping
I 7coi:;s; rtnl reasonablo
MCALLISTER. 653 — Nicely furnished, sunny
room; use of kitchen: running water.
MCALLISTER. 72*— Double parlors; folding
bed: housekeeping; $25.
MCALLISTER, 792 — Sunny front room complete
for housekeeping; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 9C3. cor. Laguna— Large fur-
nished room for light housekeeping; running
water.
MCALLISTER. 1056—3 sunny fur. rooms for
hkpg.; gaa and ccal range: sink; bath; phone.
MINNA. 54B — Furnished rooms complete for
houa^k'eping.
MISSION. 1049— Housekeeping rooms to let.
MISSION. 1150 — Nicety furnished front room;
no objection to light housekeeping; $8.
MISSION. 1810^ — Housekeeping rooms to let.
NICE housekeening rooms to let; all locations.
Phone Clay 0D6.
NINTH. lCStj— Housekeening rocra.
I NINETEENTH. 3475. Mission warm belt—
i Nicely furnished room; hoaaekMplac; gas.
MTBC-Ii-AlT-OTTa — TO» SA-E — Con.
TWO beds, single and double. Apply In store,
253 Sixth st. ' ,
ELEGaNT new etove for sale; waterback and
gas attachment. 253 Sixth st.
$3— SINGER Sewins Machine for sale; ln nice
condition. 60S Ellis st. ' ¦
ENGINEER'S transit for sale cheap. A. B.
CONE. 411 Market st. •
THREE second-hand family sewing machines
your own price. J. T. STOVALL. 416 Turk.
A CYCLE Poco No. 4 camera for sale. In-
quire at 1323 Octavla_st :
FOR fine watches and jewelry try the Milton
Jewelry Co.. 257 Sixth st.
FOXTERRIER pups. 3010 Castro »t.. near
Glen Park. Zsj.
A FINE lorgnette chain,' with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st. _____
ROOMS papered; $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third ;tel.Maln 418.
NEERGAARD Cosmetic Co., 242 Post St., half
price for Dr. Neergaard's depilatory. .-
2D-HAND bulld'g material, lumber.doors.sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st.; tel. South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN. l.TS Montgomery st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021 Mi Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market gt.
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand iprlces
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1316 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard fc Breck. 131 Post at.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mk.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEH-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
a'l sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4G Fremont st
MISC~— 1 1 AK EO *TS ~~AJ~CS.
WANTED — All the second-hand machinery,
pipe, boilers, tanks, machine ¦ tools, wood
working and iron working machinery, recla-
mation and, dredging outfits, in fact anything
made of iron and the metals; cash in ad-
vance. H. S. WHITE Machinery Co.. 130
Beale st.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, etc.; tcni
pos-tal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton sU '
WANTED— Folding bed; also lady's writing
desk; give description, price. Box 1341, Call
office. Oakland. •
WANTED — Second-hand gymnasium, bowling
alley outfit, billiard table. P. O. box 71.
Gllroy, Cal^
HOME for women in confinement: children
boarded; reasonable. 1531 Buena Vista ave.,
Alameda.
A. A. GOLD, oM gold Jewelry, full value paid.
PIONEER ASSAYING CO., 157 New Mont-
gomery.
GOOD second-hand bicycle wanted. 341 Hayes
street.
WANTED — 10 pool and 5, billiard tables. Ad-
dr?FS box 52S. Cull offlcc.
WANTED— A Boston terrier pup. Write to
box 174, San Mateo. giving particulars.
WANTED — Second-hand auto bicycle; must be
In good condition. JOH. W. SILVA. Alameda.
GOOD phonograph wanted in exchange for good
double keyboard typewriter. Box 514, Call.
LIVE hens wanted. S1G Market st.
WANTED— A small dog for child. WM. F.
RYAN, 574 Minna st.
A^ REMINGTON typewriter; No. 6; good con-
dition; state price. Box 71'.t, Call office.
SLOT machines wanted. Apply 100 Stevenron
. street.
AUTOMOBILE wanted; lowest price. Box
5Ki, Call o:nce.
WILL buy or l<*n<1 money without interest on
good violin. Address box 404. Call office.
WANTED— Pin no on trial; will buy if satis-
factory. Vex oW, Call office.
WHITE Leghorn rooster and laying white Leg-
h'.irr eh'.ckcna. .Box 525, Call olflce.
ALL l:in<lf> of merchandise bought for spot
cash. " LSox 4"J2. CaM office.
WANTED— Bityfrs fcr "Ve!l of I-i V ; 1 dime.
BOOK CONCERN. oU'.t Van Ness ave.
' WANTED — Socord-hond rolTer desk; fair con-
dition; must be cheap. Box (UL'O. Call. .
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gentlemen's cast-
off cloth., etc. 02^ Folsom; tel. Folsom 3Z>?2
HIGHEST price paid for castuff clothing. Tel.
Davis .S2."i; C5U Sacramento st.
T1LTON wants cood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; te!. Jessie 2S51.
39 _ION~Y COTdOAg.
I AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
U01-W2-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
tave expenses by U^alins directly.
! Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment* Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN Mt'RPHY.
~ , WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Moitcace. on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Iterest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call olflce.
YOU Will Need Money for the '
Grand Conclave.
THE HUTTON CREDIT CO..
906 Mutual Savings Bank Building,
Is making liberal advances
on salaries: confidential.
SALARY LOANS —
Money loaned salaried p<»ople without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 45.'! Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
lit or 2d moriga«e or on any security; an>
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 3tt.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advunces on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Ealdwin Jewelry Stove,
till! Market; tel. Main IB 1-1. Brancft 10 Third.
j MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
• chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 4G
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery et., rm.i'l.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. *
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rla!-
to bide.. New Montgomery tfnd Mission sts.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security, diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com. Cal. Loan Co.; 52(5 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and-
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. • "
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 PheUn. building.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 900 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK
I IC03 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market st!
j STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
1 employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loan* on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. '538 Kearny.
.';% OX furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no jom. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people cm notes without
lndoreer. MORRELL. tiO9 Examiner building.
MONEY VASTES.
WANT $3000 for 12 months on good collateral
security; will pay liberal interest and $300
per month on principal beginning end six
months.' Box 768, Call office.
WANTED — $3350 at. 8 per cent to erect Bap-
tist Mission Church; good security. F. J.
SILSBEE. : S5S>4 Twentieth St., Oakland;
' phone Brown 7C5. \ .
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA.' at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
MA-THMOHX-X.
WELL educated business man, age 30, "wishes
to make acquaintance of young lady suitable
age. with some means; object, matrimony;
give description ln nrnt letter. Box 685. Call.
REFINED lady would like to meet refined,
temperate gentleman with good salary; state
explicitly first letter; object matrimony. Box
151. Call office. Oakland, Cal. --,¦.¦--*
A LADY, 45 (German), kind and loving dispo-
sition, good housekeeper, some means, wishes
to correspond with a gentleman; object mat-
rlmony. Box 3366. Call f flee. __. ,
WIDOWER with 2 children wants to meet good
woman about 30 years old; must be refined
and good appearance; object matrimony. Box
4012. Call office.
A WIDOW (brunette), has a home and an In-
come, would like to correspond with a gen-
tleman of good habits Address box 4810,
Call office.
GENTLEMAN of 50. with' steady employment
would like to correspond with a lady; object
matrimony; Protestant preferred. Box 3450,
Call office.
A WIDOW (no children), has a home, would
like to meet a gentlemen, "honorable and
sober"; object matrimony. Box 4S04, Call.
1__-T,CA_.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex- .
orbitant fee3. CONSULTATION* AND AD- I
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience ln all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market «t., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES— If you are in trouble, confide ln me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions, lm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est 14 yrs. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all 7e-
maie troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. Sth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
en receipt .of Drice. 06G0OD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists, Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DH. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS. BERNARD, 17 Fourth at., room 9, pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic, vapor &
steam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p.m.
DR. and Mrs. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 51 1A Leavenworth st.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Rugglea Drug Co.. Kearny &. Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladles, relief cr no fee; $10.
aiiscE-r^Aw-o— s — roB sale
ONE combination saw table $30
2400 ft. 6-8-10 castiron pipe; lb IVic!
60x16 horizontal boiler $3tk>]
2200 f«H 15 In. riveted waterpipe $500;
3000 feet fl in. pipe, per foot 35c
5 In.— luction, 4^ in. discharge, Knowlcs '
pump, complete, Al $30 i
600-pound plutform scale $7 50
2 Babcock-Wilcox boilers $100<> !
36-in.xl2-ft. return tubular bcller ...$1PO|
Blower, anvil, tone*, vice, etc $4O ;
Spllt-dorf coils, new $."> ¦
Automobile ga3 engines from f'-T>
Large band saw (power) $io<> :
2j h. p. pipe boiler, new $1."><>
30 h. p. Heine boiler. Al $100*]
Brass fittings, etc; !b 10c;
Malleable fittings, lb '. f>e
New leather belting:, i.-i price of new; cen- I
ttlftigal pumps, all Fizes; 10,000 feet pipe, all '
sizes, all ET-ices. Don't be afraid to send your ¦
coin through the mnils.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO., 130 Beale st. I
AT a sacrifice — 3 pool table?, billiard table, I
with tails cu*s, etc., bagatelle tabi?, pig- j
eon-hole table. I counter, wall showcase, :
large safe, lunch counter, ic^b'.'xes. 3 round I
tables, larsc- antique mahogany sideboard, 1 }
set iron folding gates. 25 feet long and 7 :
feet hiKh, suitable lor theater or cigar stand. |
slot machine, etc. Apply to T. F. K.EYKS, ;
"The Louvre," 14th and Broadway, Oakland. :
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps, ¦
pulleys, shattlnE. etc., ttc, bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Suniay papers. .
II. S. WHITE yCHY. CO.. 13O-132 Beale sl. '
BOILERS, engines. 'Jd-ham! machinery. McIN- ;
TO.SH & WOLPMAN, lHj-107 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with flatfrite, in rolls easy to lay: ¦
needs no painting or coating; good over old '
iron, tin cr sfhlncles: best for new rod's, i
ELATKR1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Mailtet st. '
HOLSTEIN FRIESIAN— First-Class re<ligr-ed '
young bull from Ln SIe?t» herd; sire. Per- :
fecllon of La Siesta, 20,058;. dam Mine of
La .si»»to, 50,550. 130 Mateo St., on tte
Guerrcro-st. car line, boyond Thirtieth.
R. R. TICKET world's fair; first-class; over
S. J'. D. anil II. <J.. lCuck Island; male, mej- i
him, dark hair; stopover privileged; sood j
till Octjbcr Zi; cheap. Box 511. Call office. !
FOR SALE — Al second-hand express wagon, !
with a large rain top; no speculators; a bar- '
gain. Apply 15C8 Market st., room 'J. Hours !
9-12 a. m. and 2-5 p. in.
A — BUYS, fells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, snartlng. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, £.'>:S-255 Spear St.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'8, 137 Mont-
gomery st.. ruom 12. upstairs.
GENTS' full dres?. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st
J. COOPER, gents' fuli-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
uj-gtalrs. '
TItY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
fodt-form choss at $2 50; we pay exprtsi,
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
COMBINATION billiard, pool and dinlng-ro>m
table, with cuts, balls etc.; price reasonable.
Box 410, Call office.
ART novelties. California souvenirs, gift?, etc.
California Art Shop, cor^Haight and De-
visadcro sts.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sash, doors, tank
closet?, cement trays, firewood, etc.: bldgs.
287-289 f Geary. DOLAN CO., 1607 Market.
FOR sale— Cot tare, to~be removed7~at ~379t
Twentieth &t.. near Dolores. Apply 2Vi Hay-
ward _st.. crt Harrison, below Eighth.
FRESH family cow~ for~saie^ SAM AFTEtT-
OUT. ».{(;l Mission St.. corner Silver ave.;
phone White 103b.
TWO auto-cycles; good condition; cheap BA-
HER & SON. 37 Second St.; a California
and a Mitchell.
1100 BASKETS champagne and wines, assort-
ed, at $'-' 50 per basket. F. HOLTUM, 517 1
California st. j
FINE Holstein cow; young, gentle, rich milk;
$45. 1 Halloway ave., opp. Ingleslde Cours-
ing Park.
LARGE lots ln center of Berkeley ; fine invest-
ment; easy terms. W. E. FRENCH, lSll
Pine Et.. S. F.
PIOEONS-i-Choice squab breeders cheap. 2150
Pacific ave.. Alameda.-
FOR sale — New Mauser rifle. 115 Grove st.
FOR sale — A tailor Sln*er machine and prcss-
boaro. in good order. 7-15 Harrison st.
FOR sale — Oil barrels, drums and tanks. GEO.
PARTRIDGE & CO., 123 California st.
WATER heater for 50. 442 Van Ness ave. '
200 MATED working plgedns, Homers, $2 50
per doz. C. FLOYD. 421 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL twin-baby carriage~for sale. Ap-
ply 6S4 McAllister St.
FOR sale— A No. l~4-ft. counter and back
bar. 1776 Howard St., cor. Fourteenth.
MUSCOVY ducks a nd~duckl ingsT" 2765~ How-
ard st.
LARGEST runts; best hen pigeons. Glenmore <
Pigeon Lofts, Elmhurst. . I
YOST typewriter, blue flame oil stove, screen,
cheap. .1CS2 Capp..,-
CARRIER pigeons. Belgian hares. 1202 Has-
kell St., cor. San Pablo ave., Berkeley.
THE only first-class Polish Lynx pigeons on
the coast. Glenmore Pigeon Lofts, Elmhurst.
A DOMESTIC sewing machine; very cheap;
attachments. 1571 Market St., near 12th.
SINGER drop head sewing machine and tall-
or's; used little. 2244 Mission St., nr. 18th.
PIPE, all sizes, all kinds, cut and fitted to
sketch. Eugene Rlley & Sons. 109 Vallejo st.
ROTARY Washing Machine or exchange for
new kitchen table. 0 Leroy place.
TWO rood cows" for* sale cheap; must be sold
owner sick. 3017 26th 'st., near Church.
FOR 8 ALE— 2000 cases German champagne.
$10 per case.^F.' HOLTUM. 617 California *t. t
-_S_~ WA-TT-P M - T.Ti Oontfat -— .
OPEN TO-DAT.
SUNDAY ALL DAT.
A— MURRAY & READY. €34 aaa 634 day ft
Phoae Main 6848.
L«ading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French. Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek. Spanish. Slavonian and
Demlsh languages.
11*03 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
tiO.OOO Mea Work. Increase £0,000.
He has arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of the United States
Government work being done close
to Wadsworth. ln State of Nevada-
Cost only $1 office fee. See boss.
Muckers, $7f.. See boss.
Teamstere. STS. Fee boss.
I-abcrers. S75. See boss.
l^riilers. $90. See boss.
Concrete mixers. $75. See boss.
MECHANICAL.
Fleam shovel foreman, Nevada, Government
work. $Si) to $100.
Wheelwrights, Government work. Nevada,
$t>0 and found.
« CARPENTERS.
23 rough ca— H>cters. Government work, Ne-
vada, 30c. exceptional Rood Job.
CARPENTERa. OTHER JOBS. |
18 carpentere. hndse work. $90.
LUMIiEH COMPANY.
16 carpenters, city Job. $3 50 to $4 day.
4 bench hanils, planing mill, $3 50 day.
BLACKSMITHS. ETC.
Shoemaker, lare 25c. cay wages or 40e on $1.
Stonecutter. San Luis Obispc County, $4 50 |
day. i
Sewing machine cperator*. eboep. $2 day.
FOREMAN. MAKE TABLES. *3 day.
Woodworker pine furniture, city, $2 day.
FOREMAN BITUMEN WORK.
2 brusha-.akprs. fare $1. $1 20 per M.
12 IRON MOLDERS.
"5 coopers, t-.ght and elaok work.
MURRAY & READY. C"4 and C36 Clay st.
»' LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
f& two-bor»*e ttamsters, new work. fare
$3 SO. corporation own work. $60.
25 laborers, Js Lours' work, fare 10c, $60.
GREAT SPECIAL.
Private railroad, you'll suit, steady Job.
£5 men, fare $4. see us. $60.
NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
16 two-fcerse teamsters i, fare 15c. $2, $2 25
day
OIL-WELL DISTRICT.
25 laborers. sj)«cial syndicate Job. far* $4,
SC7 SO.
FREE FARE. S. F. R. R.
25 laborers, only 18 miles away, $1 70 day.
MONTEREY.
15 laborers to-day, see us, $67 50.
6 PLOW TEAMSTERS, $87 60.
16 laborers, unload care, 10c fare, $60.
MURRAY & KJ_WDY, €04 and 636 Clay st.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
PLANING MILLP. BOX FACTORIES. ETC.
SECOND DONKEY MAN. $«O found.
3 crosscut sawyers. Northern Cal., $40 fd.
Circular sawyer, $4 day.
Crosscut sawyer, $'0 found.
Donkey foreman, snipe logs, cut brush, $50 fd.
Jack screw*r lor woods... $40 fd.
HEAD LINEMAN, $75.
Cpool tender, lumber company $45 fd.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
25 laborers for lumber co. ; fare $2....$30fd.
CS Uvbopers. mills, yard. NORTH $60
£5 laborers for woods and camps, north... $60
HELP BUILD IT.
16S laborers to cut brush away; help build
R. R. from sawmill to wooks; fare $6.. $60
LOOK'. BOYS.
2$ ber* or ycur.z men to work in box fac-
tories. $30 AND $35 FD.. NORTH.
. 1*3 wooflcheppers. tools, etc.. FURNISHED
FOR YOU.
MX'RRAY & REAIVY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
' MINES— MINES. ~~
12 machine miners; geld QUARTZ, $90.
15 chuck tenders, boss here, $75 to $82 50.
16 HAND MINERS. bo§ s here. $75 to $S2 50.
lfi timber: nen. boss here, $75 to $82 50.
LOOK.
18 laborers or young men to learn mining.
to etsrt. $30 found, rood chance for YOU.
MURRAY _ REAUT, 634-636 Clay «t-
1B5 ITALIANS OR AUSTRIAN'S
165 SPANIARDS— MEXICANS
MX'RRAY & READY, 634-«>;6 Clay st.
LOS ANGEL.ES. ~
EAN BERNARDINO ar.c RIVERSIDE DIS. I
The land cf sunshine. FRUIT. FLOWERS. '¦
BY TRAIN. SANTA FE R R.
»4 60 FAKE. THAT'S ALL.
KS two ar.d four borse teamsters 500.
MURRAY & READY, ;
034 and C36 Clay st. (
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKIZRT !
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEPTS. I
Cook $40. dishwsFhers $15, plain hotel, 25o ;
.are.
Cook. 20 men. mine. $4« and found.
Second cook, city hotel. *50 and found.
18 cooks, different hotels, camps, cafes,
mines, ea'.oons. lanches. etc.. $30. $40. $50
to $60 and found.
WAITERS.
3 waiters, tame hotel, fare $1 CO, $35 found
2 waiters, same hotW. far* $4 $.10 found. I
12 waiters, different city and r^untrv jobs
18 DISHWASHERS—*; POUTERS. '
BEDMAKEK6. BKLL & ELEVATOR BOYS
Kitchen hard, hotel, fax* $3. 5J5 found.
LAUNDRY.
Polisher on standard clothe, $2 50 day.
Polisher, fare $3. $15 week.
2 ftarch i— rners. $12; ircner. $15.
3 butchers, shr.p and alaughter-house work I
$40, $30 and found.
Sausage maker. $14: experienced bene hams
$14. **£?*** RI ;. ADT ' '
<J.i4 £nrl <>36 Clay st.
FARM?— DAIRIIZS. ~ ~
45 different ranrh hand?, $26, $30 $35 found !
8 milke— ', $30. $.'iT, ap.-l found.
2 fheep herders, fare $1 r.0. $;o and found
FRUIT PICKERS.
16 choreboys arid men. $:r>, S20 $"5 $30 fd I
COACHMEN— GARDENERS— STABLEMEN! '
16 stablemen, city ar.d country Jobs $75 SCO !
$30 and found- ' i
LARGE RANKING COMPANY.
16 laborers to dig about trees, gather up old
trees &rd work ebout orchard, anything fare '
$1 25. $26 and found.
12 four-horse teamsters. $32 50 found
Boy. printing ofSee, city. J5 week.
Btrye. lfearn trades/ tend stores, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay at.
FOR A CLUB.
Man ae steward, wife housekeeper, $75
look:
* laborers, factory, country. j(?0.
Plcwehaker, fare $1 30, $137 50.
6 two-hcrse teemstera. fare $1 30 $60
COMPANY.
25 men for track laying. $1 75 to $2 <"av
FPIKERS. etc. $2 day.
look:
Plasterer, day waprs or by contract.
Painter, house, outride work. $2 75 a day
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
I HAYBALERS. 2«c ton. "
SPECIAL.
2 American chuck tenders. No. 1 mine, $2
<!«y found.
Weed tun :er, bench hand.
3 varnish flnifherj. little experience, $9 to
$12 week.
SPECIAL.
Steward, R. R. company. $35 found.
Wester, city oyster-hou"^. $5 week found.
Waiter, city, good hotel. $35 found.
Cock, p'.ain, hotel, fare i5c. $50 to $60 found.
SPECIAL.
Knife man. eood Job, pigs' feet shaver.
Farmer and wife, fare $1. 4 people to cook
for. $30 and found.
K buggy warhers. han !<«s cleaners, hostlers,
Youns man. little »xp.. grocery. $S we«k,
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay rt.
SPECIAL. ~
n handy men. mechanical ideas. 10 hours.
$2 75 G*y. r=i,ft~.-?v
12 laborers, shovel coal. etc.. 10 hours. $2 50
tfay. '
12 laborers, you'll eult $60. /
MARIN COUNTY— FREE FARE
12 teamster*, you'll suit, $C0.
2 trark foremen, R. R. co., free fare.
Steam shovel foreman, Nevada, $S5 to $100
Blacksmith, contracting co.. $3 day.
Blacksmith $2 5(t day
LOOK !
MARKER and distributor, Huraboldt Co
SIS week.
HARRY GODSELL, laundryman. please call
DlsLw<u>her. country hotel, fare $2, $35 fd.
Baker's helper.
Pirhwasher, camp work, fare $1. $30 fd.
P.ecmaker. city lodging-house, 525 and room.
LOOK \
Boy to help ln blacksmith shop. $7 week.
Stableman, city, good stable $.'{5 fd
LOOK !
."5 laborers, factory, fare 30c. $2 dav
LOOK !
Helper on cakes, city, $12 to $14 week.
Man awe for invalid.
LOOK !
Foreman, email cattle and fruit ranch $40 fd
Tunnel man for examining, sounding tunnels.
bns« here. $4 day.
MURRAY & ItfADT, C34 and 636 Clay «t.
' FREE FARE TUNNEL. "
30 tlmbermen. R. R. work. $4 50 day.
Concentrator man, gold mine, boss here, $78.
(Hostler, email city stable, $35 found,
stableman, email etable, fare 30c. $30 found.
:t n-h^p herders, fare $1 50, $30 found.
LOOK.
4 plasterer*, fare $1 W>, $4 day.
Blacksmith, vineyard, Ala. Co., fare $1,
$40 found.
Blacksmith, contracting company, fare $1, $3
«ay.
Man run circular saw, city, $2 day.
Planer man, first-cla** man. north, $50 fd.
2 carpenters» good mechanics, 70c fare, $3 60
to ?4 day.
2 curriers, leather factory, $2 25 day.
Shingle sawyers, fare $3, $2 60 day.
4 laborers. Park ranch, $30 found.
30 teamsters. 2-hor*e. ranch, fare $3, $30 fd.
LOOK.
3 efceejt butchers, fare BOe, $80.
Helper, elaughter-houee work, fare $1, $35
found.
Eausare maker, far* «0o. fit week.
LOOK. k
. Kaa and wife, man drive team, wife cook,
e c__ on fields, far* II 60; kou here, $70 fd. i
-CO-U8-8 AMD WAOONB — Oo-tlnn»d.
FOR BALE — Bay mare,' T years old; gentle;
perfeot driver. Apply 1508 Market et., room
P.; hours 9-12, 2-5.
A FIXE business buggy for sale; will trad*
for wagon. 2042 Fifteenth st., nr. Market.
NEW and second-hand . buggies cheap. S23
Fulton st. . .
COLUMBUS surrey and other vehicles. J. A.
JONES, 21st ave. and 28th St.. E. Oakland.
WANTED — Young, sound driving horse., In-
quire 423 Fulton st.
FOR SALE — One fine second-hand Caffery
side bar buggy cheap. 318 McAllister st.
STYLISH, big black saddle-horse; might let
for the week. VICTOR, 1523 Howard st.
BAY carriage team; 6 and 7 years old. 2450
pounds. Box 614, Call office.
HORSE for sale. 1006 Hampshire it.
A TOP Rockaway. pole shafts, double harness,
cheap. C. A. WORTH, 516. Mission st.
FOR SALE — Rubber-tired buggy, nearly new.
1121 McAllister st. ¦
BAY horse for sale; will either drive or ride.
Box 4605, Call office.
BUGGY harness for sale. Box 480«, Call of-
fice^ ' i
BUGGY for sale; leather top. Box 4610. Call
office.
GOOD, gentle horse for sale. Box 8100, Call
office. • .'.••'¦'"¦:-.
LIGHT delivery wagon for sale. 600 OTar-
rell st.
j PONY, buggy, trap and harness for sale. 411
! Bra-ant st. ,
A 3-SPRING business wagon for sale cheap.
16S0 Mlaflon st., near Thirteenth.
BARN wanted; 7 stalls and room for thret
r wagons. Apply 3 Eddy St., room «.
I NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys: cheap. 100 Golden Gate ave.
I AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
I even' Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
I WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
; nets work and driving horses. 15th-Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. 3.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO let — House of 10 rooms on California St.;
rent $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
and Tenth. Cal. Housewrecking Co.
$35 — NEW 8 eunny room house; fine yard; two
toilets; bath; latest Improvements. J34 Sec-
ond ave., near Sacramento st.
j PACIFIC. 1642. near Polk— House of 6 rooms
and bath; rent $25. VON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO.. 513 California st.
: ELLIS. 145S. near Buchanan — House of 6 rooms
I and bath; rent $27 50. VON RHE1N REAL
i ESTATE CO., 513 California St. "rf-V -
! VALLEJO, 2103, near Webster— Desirable
| house. 10 rooms and bath; marine view; rent
reasonable.
I —
| $37 50— SUNNY lower flat, 7 rooms. 1087
Market *t., corner Twelfth; convenient to
schools, cars and markets; k«y at upper flat.
j BUSH, 1417. bet. Polk and Van Neis^ — 6 rooms;
i yard; basement.
j SACRAMENTO. 3019— Modern residence. 0
rooms; nice yard; heater; rent reasonable.
• PAN JOSE a- 1 ?.. 204. near 24th St.. above Va-
lencia — House, 11 Inrte rooms and bath.
! TO LET — $45; modern howe. 8 rooms and b"»th.
1716 Baker st.. near California.
HOUSE to let. 3618 Eighteenth st.
j HOUSES TO _ET— rUBITISHED.
' JACKSON. 'J100— 14-rooiTi residence; 6 b<?d-
rooms, library, reception hall, two breakfast
roorr.t. large dane/> hall; to lease for a
terms. Apply premises or to LANDRY C.
BABIX CO.. 4K? Kearny st.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE. "NOB HILL,"
FURNISHED.
' To let for r.ne yar; cwner to room and board
Tilth family. As>ply at S13 California st.. or
room 24. 405 Montgomery St.
I A— HANDSOMELY furnished corner reeld nee
on Van Ness ave.: IS rooms; baths: larsre
grounds; stable; lease to Al tenant. SPECK
I & CO., 2Ct» Montjro— ery st.
j OAK. 410 — New modern hcuse; newly furnish-
ed; 6 rm?.; bath, basement, garden and yard.
. VALLEJO, ir>i>." — A modern 6-room house and
bath: furnished comulete.
'¦ HOUSES— FURNISHED— SATJ3AI.ITO.
i TO LEASE, furnished, "The Crest," Sausalito;
superb marine view; tennis court: croquet;
8 rooms and baths. Apply MADISON &
BURKE, .to Montgomery st.
i « — — »— — — ————__
HOUSES rUEKISHED-rOE SALE.
j FURNITURE ti-room hou?e, complete: yard,
basement; rent $16; bargain. 48 Ilaight.
i FINE furniture of b bedrr.oms, kitchen and
j diningr-room for sale. 700 Sixth ave.
HOUSES TO iST — STTSU-BAH.
! TO LET — At Colma station, a house and gar-
den; about 1 acre: suitable for chicken
ranch. Apply at ;VW Fourth st.
! EOUSE3 WANTED — FURNISHED.
! WANTED— Hous« of 6 or 7 well furnished
rooms, centrally located. .Box 63, Call.
{ HOUSES WANTED.
i WANTED — Small house or flat by responsible
party; unfurnished or partly furnished. Ad-
dress box 13."!8, Call office, Oakland.
I WANTED — To purchase furnished house or
fiat; $50 down; best of references. Box 419,
! Call office.
i COTTAGE wanted In Western Addition; price
I $2750. Box 3U2, Call. |
j HOUSE wanted 'with yard for chicken raising;
near city. Box 4SS, Call office. „ -¦¦-. . ¦ .
SOLI), rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
j Kames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 175.
i -OST AND FOUND.
i THE Dan .Gailafh^r Co.,* teamsters of this
city, found the 10-ton marine boiU-is «tolvn
. from our lot on Bealc and Howard sts. of this
! city and were paid the S5»> reward offered.
! 11. S. WHITE Alachin-ry Co.
J LOST — Thursday, on Bryant-et. line, S. F., or
between Oakland and S. F., Mnail woolen bag
containins - finger rln»;s and pair of ear-
rings; rev/ard. Ktturn tu* 121S Magnolia St.,
Oakland, or 4.'!2 Seventh St., S. F.
LOST — A -pays book with the Hibernia Sav-
lngn and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of ElizaBeth Lowell. No. ZJ1-79S.
I The finder will jilease return to bank.
•' LOST — A brown leather handbag on Kearny
and Mission sts. car Monday. Aug. 22. Re-
' turn to "7(JU Mihsion st. ; reward.
; STRAYED or stolen — Small white deg; answers
to name Suroutn; liberal reward; no ques-
j tions asked. 8'.<8 Kddy st. .
1 LOST — Small purse, Wednesday, cor. Oak and
Fillmore. Please return 0 Chelsea, off Bush,
near Powell
i __ :
] STRAYKD— Llewellyn setter bitch; right eye
: fiore. Return to 520 Bush st. ; reward.
I LITTLE female, black anaHan lost from 28J
• Capp st.: nanvs Fannie; reward.
LO^T — Scottifh Rite Masonic charm. Return
to F. JE. SHAKER; 2Ut and Folsom; reward.
STRAYKD or stolen — Small bay mare, star
on head, and scap wagon, on Oak st., near
Gou?h. Please return to 1897 Fifteenth ave.
south: reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Sav-
j Ings*— nd Loan Society of San Francisco, ln
j the name of Jane Stark; No. 261-1300. The
I finder wlil please return to bank.
LOST— Masonic Com. charm; reward offered
¦ H. C. TUCKER. 12.83 Waller st.
LOST — All of our competitors: reduction in
prices and quality of stock did it. SHIBEL_Y
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter St.. phono Grant
j 197; 1204 Sutter st.. phone East 817.
-AUNCH-S rOR HIBE.
Ci A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaelis Launch Co.JUnion-st.Wharf; boat-
j ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st.;teI.John 2CS6.
-XXNXZTQ.
ASSAYING. 75c. per metal; old gold bought.
PIONEER ASSAYING CO., 197 New Mont-
gomery St."»
MAT-BESSES AND PHLOWa.
TO order] renovated) disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS., 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 210.
— f!T» TIT— BTTTIIr TiTA _B— Oontfawd.
Marrled milker and wife, can take S chll-
drea. $40 fd. u) __.
Omnibus, city hotel, $30 found.
Cook, extra Job. $2 day found.
Cook. Shasta Co.. boss here, $60 found.
Cook, few boarders, mine town. $40 to $80 to.
LAUNDRY.
Ironer. far. $1. boss here. $10 to $12 week.
£d Ironer. fare $L boss here, $8 to $9 week.
Helper, laundry, fare $1, boae here, $8 week.
LOOK.
4 baker* and confectioners, $25 to $17 week.
NEW WORK MINE TOWN.
26 teamsters $1 75 day.
26 laborers. $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 68« Clay »t.
CALL TO-DAY.
SUNDAY.
ELEVATOR boy wanted. 416 Turk st.
ROOM suitable for barber shop at Third and
Minna eta. Inquire at butcher shop.
WANTED — Barbers; steady; short hours. 204
Battery st.
YOUNG man. bright, over 18. to prepare for .
clerk-carrier position ln San Francisco; good j
entrance salary; gradual promotion; entrance .
exam. soon. See A. C. HOFF. Bacon build-
Ing, Oakland, immediately. |
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks j
required; constant practice and expert ln- j
structlon; positions secured : Fpecia! induce- '
ments this month; catalogue mailed free, j
Moler System College, 6S5 Clay st. ¦
WANTED — First-class clothing salesman to go j
to a city a ehort distance from San Fran-
cisco. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m., at
HA— g BROS.' j
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing j
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical I
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Addrees 4373-5 !
E— stop ave.. St. Louis. Mo. I
WANTED — Mattress-maker. Apply Wnken>ld ;
Mfg. Co.. 401 Fourth St.. Oakland. Cal. j
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15.000 :
appointments last year; chances even better r
cow; examinations soon ln San Francisco; j
circular J-l giving list of positions, salaries, j
examinations, sample questions, etc., sont :
free. National Correspondence Institute, Pa- i
cine Coast Office. 927 Market St.. S. F. |
TRUSTWORTHY man to manage branch for i
large manufacturing concern: $150 per month
and commission; applicant must furnish ref-
erences and $1800 tr> $2500. Address Man-
ager. 323 W. Twelfth et-. Chicago.
PORTRAIT AGENTS— BEST PROPOSITION;
MONEY EVKHY SATURDAY. LIE3ER-
MANN. ROOM 4, 231 POST ST.
MAN under S5, from San Francisco or vicinity,
to prepare for Gov't position as railway mail
clerk; experience* in postofflce work not
necessary; entrance mlary $S0O per annum: i
gradual promotion; an exceptional opening, i
•A. C. HOFF, Bacon bldg.. Oakland.
. j
BOOKKEEPER and c— shier by mercantile |
hours. Address ln own handwriting, statin? :
experience, references and salary expected. !
box 67, Call office. ]
WANTED — Young man to act as shipping !
clerk and to learn business: state ate, ex- j
perit-nce and salary expected. Address box ]
260 Call office. j
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 925 .Golden
Gate ave., room 7. for free information as ',
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day [
or evenlncs. :
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman, j
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' j
WANTED — Ordinary and ablebodied neamen '
fcr all carts o'. th<> world. THO?. MURRAY. |
shipping spent. 510 Davi« ft. . .
MAN ur.d«>r 15 to prepare for position as letter !
carrier in San Francisco; salary good;
gradual promotion; position permanent; en-
trance exam. soon. See A. C. HOFF. Bacon :
building. Oakland, immediately.
! BARBERS wsnt<td at Butler barber shop,
Seattle: wages $18 to $-"O weekly. :
' WANTED — Barber for Saturday at 505 Four- i
j itei'ih St.. Oakland. j
j ERRAND boy wanted. 16 Kearny st.
I MAN for K»!iTal work: $05 and fo-jnd. JOHN
C. GRIFFIN. Ooil Hotel, l.'kiah, Cal.
i THREE GENTLEMEN TO ACT AS SUB- '
MANAGERS HiR THE HACIFIC MUTUAL
LIFE: CONFIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS I
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
INTENDEXT ROOMS 31 AND 3J, 7TH ]
FLOOR. HOME OFFICE BLDG.; CALL
MORNINGS. |
i WANTED — il^n nnd women to prepare for ]
lo^ur eiving particulars. Pacific Correspond- ;
earn Institute. Grant l.idp., 1O!>5 Market St. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rtjlkln. Hf-no House proprietor, has :
added 100 nev: rooir:s to the Denver House, ¦
217 Third st.: 2V> rooms: 25c to &Oc per night, i
i WANTED — I^oy about IS years: must be will-
; inc to work Apply Wakefielu Manufacturing
Co . 4»U Fourth St.. Oakland, Cal. |
| MEN and women. l»arn th? barber trade; !
woees- paid while learning. li.MGHT'S. j
647 Commercial st.
i TRY our ni°n's shoes, union made: $1 & $1 50 j
pair; foot-form ?ho<»s. $'J 5<>: we pay express ;
; charges. 11 3d Et.. Exm. bid. :open till 9 p. m. ¦
! GOOD opportunity for men willinpr to canvas*; j
¦ good was"!: call after S p. m. 1OOS Howard, i
! MEN want"*! Et 137 3d St., where shoes are re- i
paired by machinery ;sPwed soje* 10 min., 75c. I
i FCR sHie--2-chair barber thop and 2 house- ;
lyeplng rooms furnished. Inquire Call office. ,
WANTED — Young man to learn barber trade: ]
wages paid while learning. 741A Howard. >
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments. '
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy..r. 415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for !
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jacltscn st. i
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of 1
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.nulllF. r.40. Phelan bldg. i
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pest, G. A. R. ;
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar- !
ket — 700 rooms; :£>c night: reading-rooms; ]
free 'bus and baggace to and from ferry. I
A BRANCH office of Th« PsM for the recep- I
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has j
been opened at UK>8 Market »t.. opposite i
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. subFc'rlptions received at !
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts. I
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half ¦
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. I
GET your shoes half-!»oled while waiting: 23c I
to liOr. 563 Mission rt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. '
SALESMEN -/ANTED. j
WANTED — Men who are not successfully en-
! gaged ln representing wholesale tailoring
firm?; the very best wholeyale tailoring house
ln the United States will give such men an
opportunity to make more money; the very
best sample equipment, such as woolens, on
consiKnment.swatches. unlimited advertising
matter. *>tc. will be furnished; branch Ftorra
will be opened without requiring investment;
cure income assured to right parties; good
sale»men will find this their opportunity.
Address A. K. NICKOL, lock box 529 Chi-
cago. I1L
WANTED — For holiday trade, just opening? 2
specialty talesmen; sob»r. reliable hustlers:
can clear $.'{000 by Christmas. Address B.
A. K., box 470, Kansas City, Mo.
WANTED — By established house, experienced
traveling salesman for California-, good pay:
permanent to right man. Drawer S., Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman: good man each State:
no experience; permanent: goo'l pay; liberal
expenses. E. M. Arthur Co., Detroit. Mich.
SOLICITORS WANTED. j
EXPERIENCED canvassers only; $0 to $9 a ;
day. 1114 Washington st.. Oakland, room 3; i
10 to 12 a. m.
MANAGERS — Reliable men for branch offices
of Oakland Home Co., 972 Broadway.Oakland
TO get membership contracts fcr Legal Aid
Association. Box 782, Call office.
WANTED — A solicitor. Apply at room C6,
Winchester Hotel. i
EOSSES AND WAGONS. i
HANDSOME, stylish saddle-horse ; ~7~year» old! I
sound, gentle; will pell or exchange for a i
driver. Call A. M., 177 Valencia st.
150 HEAD of young horses at auction on
Thursday, Sept. 1, at 11 o'clock, at Inter- :
national Horse Market, cor. 12th and Har- I
1 rison et«. S. WATKINS. auctioneer. :. :
I WANTED, for cash, road horse, bike buggy
. find harness. Box 7SH, Call office, or tel
South 0. .•>-..'
MUST be sold at once; light delivery wagon j
and good, all-around boree; $60; a bargain
14 Golden Gate ave. * I
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. 8.F.
STYLISH young team; new double harness;
sadd'e and 3-seated covered wagonette. 212
Ninth st.
FOR 6ALE — Black horse, 7 years old. 1200
lbs.; gentle ln harneca; sound. 4450 Eight-
eenth st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV SUNDAY. AUGUST : 2S. 1901.
45
! BOOSS3 TO _XT — g-j-. and TTnSnm.
. -—
¦LEAVEN-WORTH. 2,1-Room to 'et
>
LEAVEN-WORTH. 307— Furnished rooms.
LEAVEN-WORTH. 40;;— NIcelv furnTIhe.1 front
room. '
LEAVENWORTH. 4r«— Nicely furnished room.
LKAVENWOnTH. 1113— Room to let.
LEAVENWOrtTH. 1700. near Broadway— Fin*
large sunny frcr.t room, suitable for two
gentleman.
LEAVE NWORTH. 1706 — Furnished rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 2C.1H— Furnished rooms.
LEXINGTON ave.. 11 *— Furnished room.
LIBERTY. ,Tlt» — Furnished room to let: reason-
able If permanent.
j ZZZZ — — — .
LILY ave.. 112 — Nice, pleasant, sunny rooms.
LILY ave.. 4iS— Nice front room to l»t
RINCON place. 34 — Furnished room.
LINDEN ave.. 253^ — Front sunny room.
LINDEN ave., MO — Sunny room to let In-
quire CSl Hayes st.
LINDEN. 305, Oakland— A furnished room to
let. -
LLOYT>. 21 B — Furnished room; rent $3 per
month.
LLOYD, 20 — Sunny rocm to l«t •
LOCUST ave.. ecsi_, off Laguna— Sunny fur-
nished front room.
LOMBARD. €23— Furnished room,
LOMBARD. 792— Furnished room.
LOMBARD. 794— A rear furnished room to let.
LOVK1.Y furnished ror— ss at The Bradbury.
Polk and California Ms.
MARKET, OtXS (Th- Cust?r) — Furnished rooms,
to let: reasonable; well ventilated.
MARKET. 917— Furnished room.
MARKET. 905 — Furnished rocms.
MARKET, im«. opposite Fifth — Newl- reno-
vateil sunny rooms; $1 50 per week up.
. —¦"""¦"
MARKET. IOCS— Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 10G3 — To let; a large room wit-
water.
MARKET, 1040 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms,,
hot. cold wat?r, elevator;wjndows for parade!
MARKET. 1130— Furnished rooms
MARKET. 1654 — Rooms to let
MARKET. 1711— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 1923— Furnished rooms to let
MARKET. 2400 — Large front room to let
MRS. HALE.
MARON. 140H— Nice large front room to let
with or without board.
MASON, 1017— Nice furnished room.
MASON. 1130— Rooms to let
i
MASON. 1314— Sunny furnished room.
MASON. 1E27— Furnished room to let .'
MASON. 1710— Furnished room to let
MASONIC ave., 1111— One stmny furnished
front room, with or without board; also on*
small room; references required.
MCALLISTER. 14— Rooms to let
MCALLISTER. SO— Nicely furnished rooms:
rood location.
MCALLISTER, SO— Nicely furnished front
rcom suitable for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. 671 — Rooms to let
McAllister, 702 — Rooms. •
MCALLISTER. 810 — Rooms to let
McALLISTER. S2S — Large front parlor to let.
McAllister. 840 — Rooms to let
MCALLISTER, SSO— Rooms to let
MCALLISTER, 8C4^ — Furnished roc— . to Itt
MCALLISTER. 864— Rooms to let
McALXJSTER. 8CS— Rooms.
MCALLISTER. IOCS — Nicely furnished room
for one or two gentlemen. j
MCALLISTER, llll— Furnished room to let. V
MCALLISTER. 1335— Room to let j
MINNA. (J — Furnished rocm_ to rent
MINNA, 13 — Three rooma to let
MINNA. 29 — Rooms to let
MINNA. 110— Nice tingle and tfo_b!a roo— •
to let; rent cheap.
MtNXA. 112%— Fn— itohed room to It
MINNA. 215— Furnished rsom to let.
MINNA. 219— Furnished rooms to let
MINNA. 228— Rooms to let
MINNA. 255 — Furnished room, to let
MINNA. 256— One furnished room.
MINNA. 257— F_rals_ed room t» let
MINNA. 257— Front room to let
MINNA. 263^ — Nicely furnished room to let.
MINNA. 264% — A large sunny front room.
MINNA. 264% — A neat single room.
MINNA. SCO — Furnished room to let.
MINNA. 310— Large sunny room to let
MIXNA. 813 — Furnished room to let
MINNA. SIS — Furnished rooms.
MINNA. 326— Nicely fnrnlshed runny rooms;
reasonable.
MINNA*. 412 — Room to let
MINNA, 461 — To let. one large *inay room.
MINNA. 4C5%— Sunny room to Itt.
MINNA. 638— Furnished room.
MINNA. 638 — Furnished roomt to rent.
MINNA. 6C0— Nicely furnished ting!* frc int,
room. '
MINNA. 671 — Furnished rooms to let
MINNA. 1324^ — Sunny front room.
i MISSION. 22— Room to let. *
MISSION. 563 — Large. >front. tunny room, fur-
nished, housekeeping; • $2 a week.
____————— — _ <
MISSION. CSl— Rooms to let.
For Additional Classified Adrertise-
menta Sec Pas* 46*
! BOOMS TO LET — Porn, and TTnfnrn.
EDDY. 207— Furnifhid rooms.
EDDY. _io — Elegant) sunny front room; also
double rooms.
EDDY. 219 — Elecanf front rooms; cheaD.
EDDY. 210— Rooms to let. .
EDDY. 331%— Rooms, gl per week.
EDDY. 331 it— Furnished room to let.
EDDY. 334— Furnished rooms to let.
! EDDY. 432— Fine furni?hM rooms; modern; all
I conveniences; reasonable; nice location.
I EDDY. 4.11— Sunny furnished rooms.
EDDY. 472— Sunny, front hall bedroom.
EDDY. 500-502— Double parlors and single
room*; sunny and neat.
EDDY. BOO— Fine furnished rooms. •
EDDY. 52C— 2 and Jt elegantly furnished sun-
ny suites; orivate bath.
EDDY. 613— Nicely furnished room.
EDDY. 626— Room and board.
EDDY. 631 — Xle« sunny room to let
EDDY. 635— Room to let
EDDY. 718— Rooms to let
EDDY. 722 — Nice sunny room.
EDDY. 722 — Nicely furnished rooms to let
EDDY, 771— Furnished room.
EDDY. 773— Nicely furnished room,
i EDDY. 824— Nicely furnished room to let
EDDY, 824— Furnished rooms,
EDDY. 826— Rooms to let.
EDDY, SSS — Furnished rooms to let.
,1
EDDY, 900— Rooms to let.
EDDY. 964 — Nicely furnished rooms.
EDDY. 1225 — Furnished room to let
EDDY. 1233— Furnished room.
EIGHTH ave.. C74. Eddy-st. cars— 2 sunny
bay windows; partly furnished; single room
furnished: near Park.
EIGHTEENTH, 40S3— Furnished rooms to let.
ELEVENTH, 117 — Furnished rooms to let
ELEVENTH, 128— Furnished rooms to let.
.
I ELLIS. 201— Furnished room».
I — = zz:
i ELLIS, 210— Furnished rooms.
ELLIS. 313 — Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 323 — Xrfirge sunny furnished rooms
cheap at the Sovereign.
ELLIS, 330 — Sunny front rooms, with bath.
ELLIS. 420^ — Furnished room.
ELLIS. 420— One alcove room; $20 month.
ELLIS. 492 — Rooms to let
ELLIS. 555— F_rnished rooms to let
ELLIS, 572 — Furnished room.
I .
I ELLIS, COS — Large front room to rent.
ELLIS. €11 — A nice sunny room to let; tent
reasonable.
ELLIS. 616 — Furnished room.
ELLIS. 622A — 2 unfurnished rooms.
ELLIS, 628 — Front sunny room; furnished.
ELLIS, 63G— Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS, 636 — Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS, 732 — Furnished rooms to !et.
ELLIS. 732 — Nice furnished rooms.
j ELLIS, 806 — Sunny front suite; furnished.
1 _______~~^~"~~~~~~~~~"""
ELLIS, 800 — Single sunny front room.
ELLIS. 820 — Furnished front room.
ELLIS, 837 — Front alcove room; also other
sunny rooms; private family.
ELLIS. 866 — Furnished room to let. ,
ELLIS, 867 — One furnished room to let
! ELLIS, 908— To let. a room.
ELLIS. 909— Room to let.
ELLIS, 1020 — Furnished room.
ELLIS, 1052— Furnished room for rent; elec-
tric light, bath, phone.
ELLIS, 1052 — Elegant furnished room; cheap.
ELLIS. 1164 — Furnished rooms.
ELLIS, 1225 — Furnished rooms to rent
ELLIS. 1229 — Sunny furnished room.
ELLIS. 1229 — Bunny furnished room.
ELLIS. 1446 — One front room, furnished.
EI.LIS. ie23 — Rooms to let
ELLIS, 1827 — 1 sunny __oom to let
ELLIS. 1SS5 — A nice eunny room to let.
ELWOOD, 6 — Sunny front room.
ERIE. 13 — Furnished rooms.
ERIE, 23 — A large front room to let
ERIE, 157 — Small furnished room, $5.
FELL. 251 — To let, newly "furnished rooms,
single or en suite.
FELL, 330 — Furnished rooms to let; reason-
able.
FELL. 830— Sunny room to rent
FELL. 330^ — Furnished room ror one or j two
gentlemen. . ..! ./^
FELL. 349 — Furnished rooms to let" '. •: ¦^ ¦
FELL, 510— Rooms to let. -?'/-'•
FELLA. . place, 2— A large sunny rcom. ¦•-¦•
FELLA place, 3 — A sunny room to let.
FIFTH. 9 — Furnished rooms.
1 '
FIFTH. 123 — Room lo let - .
FIFTH. 136— Sunny room to Itt. .' i U; :^: r ::]^,:
¦ FIFTH. 145%— Large front room, furnished.
fJFTH, 846 — Furnished roomt. ij
BOOMS TO LET — Tnxn. ana XJntnrn.
FIFTH. 350— F.urnlshed room to let.
FIFTH. -411— Large furnished front room.
FIFTH, 56-T— Furnished rooms.
FILBERT, 2S10 — Sunny front room; bath and
phone. - : ¦ -
FILLMORE, 2010 — One nice sunny furnished
room to let.
FILLMORE. 923— Nice furnished sunny room
for lady. •• • ¦ «•
FIRST, 228, nr. Howard — 5 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; business center: rent moderate.
FIRST ave., 355, Richmond District — Nice
furnished rooms to let,
FOLSOM. EOS — 2 rooms to let for man and
wife. •
FOLSOM. 574 — Unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM, CIS — Furnished room; rent reason-
able.
FOLSOM. 739— Furnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 75G — Nicely furnished rooms.
FOLSOM. 7C5 — Furnlshad rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 7S1— Furnished room to let.
FOLSOM. 72S— Sunny furnished front room
for rent. -
FOLSOM, 824 — A neatly furnished room to let
FOLSOM, 856— Rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 902%— Furnished roomi.
FOLSOM. 920 — Furnished room.
FOLSOM, 962— Furnished room to let
FOLSOM. 1209 — A nice front sunny room to
let.
FOLROM. 1319 — Furnished room; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 1319— Sunny room to let
FOLSOM, 1319—1 sunny room to let.
FOLSOM. 1319— Sunny furnished rooms to let;
realisable.
FOLSOM. 140C— Two front rooms.
FOLSOM, 1427— Furnished rooms to let.
»
FOLSOM. 2576 — FurHJshed room.
FOURTH. 18— Rooms to let '
FOURTH. 30— Rooms to let.
FOURTH. 153 — A Urge sunny room to let
FOURTH, 471 — Nice furnished rooms for rent
FOURTH, 499— Furnished rooms.
FOURTH, BOO— Room to let.
FOURTEENTH. 72— Furnished room.
FOURTEENTH, 217— Nice, sunny rooms for
rent.
FOURTEENTH. 740— Rooms to let.
FOURTEENTH. 752— Furnished room to let
_ 1
FRANCISCO. 200— A furnished room to let. I
FRANCISCO. 432— Furnished room to let.
FRANCISCO, 432^ — Furnished room to let.
FRANCISCO. 432— To let. furnished front
room; new furniture; $5 per month.
FRANKLIN. 24, % blocjc from Market— Prl- '
vate house; double parlor; large front room; ;
- large back room. . ; . . , -
FRANKLIN, 2o — Nicely furnished room.
FRANKLIN. 424— Furnished room.
FRANKLIN, 42S — Corner furnished room.
FRANKLIN. 428— Furnished room. j
FRANKLIN, 709 — Sunny room; $7; "neatly fur- j
nished. ;
FRANKLIN, 721, near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front rooms, suitable for two, $10.
FREELON, 19— To let, 6 rocms.
FREMONT. 316 — Furnished room to let
FULTON, 27 — Nicely furnished room for two
gentlemen.
FULTON, 29 — Rooms to let.
FULTON, 203 — Nice front room; running
water.
FULTON. 226— Room to let.
FULTON, 442, 5 minute* from City, Hall —
Furnished sunny front room, 1 or 2 persons.
FULTON. 1022 — Furnished room; comfortable
and - reasonable.
FULTON. 2178— Furnished or unfurnished room
in new flat; one block from Golden Gate
Park.
FURNISHED room to let. Box 100, Call.
FURNISHED rooms. Call at 667 Howard st
FURNISHED rooms to let; all locations. Phone
Clay 890.
FURNISHED room to let. Box 450. Call of-
fice.
FURNISHED, eunny room. Western Addition;
no other roomers: $6. Box 295, Call office.
FURNISHED room. Box 227. Call office.
FURNISHED rooms to let Apply 173 Fourth
street.
FURNISHED sunny room. 8 minutes' from
station. Berkeley.
GEARY, 378 — Sunny front room; private fami-
ly; gas; bath.
GEARY, 441 — Furnished rooms.
GEARY, 483— To let. one nicefy furnished
front room.
GEARY 4S3 — For rent, one furnished front
room for 2 men.
GEARY. 669— One sunny room at a bargain.
GEARY. 613 — Nice front room.
GEARY. 620— Sunny furnished rooms.
GEARY. 620— Sunny furnished rooms to let
GEARY. 660— Sunny front room to let
GEARY. '771 — Furnished room.
GEARY. 845 — Furnished room to let _
GEARY. S97— Furnished room to let
*
GEARY. 978— Beautifully' furnished room* for
Knights Templar; price reasonable.-
GEARY, 1025 — Nicely furnished room. \'. ~ ¦¦¦:¦;.
GEARY. 1203 — Furnished room to let
GEARY. 12C8 — Furnished rocm to let.
GF.ARY, 1324 — Room to let."
GEARY, 141S — Sunny front room; private fam -
lly. .".- - . ,- -
GEARY, 1422— Furnished room to let.
GEARY. 1409 — Sunny front room. .._;'.'.* V.
GEARY, 1529— Large front alcove room; |12.
CEARY, 1629— Neatly furnished room; |12.
- BOOMS TO LET— ~n~n. and TTnlnm.
GEARY. 10C0— Two rooms to let.
GEARY. 2221— Furnished rooms.
GEARY. 2237— Furnished room; sunny; suit-
able for two gentlemen.
I GOLDEN GATE ave.. 43— A large furnished
I room. ' • ,r
1 — - — : _
[ GOLDEN GATE ave., 830— Furnished rooms to
!____: :
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 562— Nicely furnished
i rooms.
j GOLDEN GATE ave.. 635 — Furnished rooms
I to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 710— Small front room
for centl»man; rent $S. %
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 726— Suite 2 rooms; gas
stove; folding bed. •
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1213— Sunny alcove
room to let. MRS. TWOEY.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1217— Newly furnished
room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1217— Large, sunny
room; terms reaDonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1217— Furnished room
to let.
GOUGH. 315 — A front sunny bay-window
room; grate, gas, bath; reasonable.
GOUGH, 723— A nice furnished room.
GOUGH, 2812 — For rent; sunny front room for
gentleman; rate reasonable.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; SI 50 to SC wk.; readtng-rm.
GRANT ave., 8 — Seat room to let
GRANT ave., 209 — Furnished rooms to let
. , . 1
GREEN, «22— Furnished room.
GREENWICH. 70S— Rooms to let
GREENWICH. 811— Furnished room to let
GREENWICH. SCliJ— Ono single sunny fur-
nlshed room to rent; bath: all conveniences.
GREENWICH, 1920— A large, sunny room to
let.
1 1
j "¦
GREENWICH, 1029— Furnished room to let
GROVE. 12— Large sunny room.
GROVE, 12— Neatly furniEhed room; in town.
GROVE. 12. between Larkin and Polk— Front
room; $12. MRS. KING.
GROVE, 20S — Newly furnished rooms to rent
GROVE, 212— Furnished room to let.
GROVE. 214t£— One furnished room.
i ¦ __ ,
GROVE, 361 — Room to let
• . 1
CjROVE,- 404— Furnished rooma to let.
GROVJE, 458 — Nice, large, sunny room,
! -
GROVE. 842— Furnished room.
; ; — — f
GROVE. 1642— One single room to let
GUERRERO. 333— Nicely furnished large sun-
ny room; bath, gas and phone; private fam.
GUERRERO, 1412&— Room to let; running
water. ,
H, 2632— Furnished room; hot and cold water;
cheap.
HAIGHT, 60 — Furnished room to let
HAIGHT, 60 — Sunny room.
HAIGHT, S9 — Furnished room; bath and gas.
HAIGHT. 90 — Nice eunny room.
HAIGHT, 21S — Nicely furnished' rooms; sunny,
bath, phone; all conveniences.
HAIGHT, 357— Nice furnished room to let
HAIGHT, 5S5— Furnished rooms.
HAIGHT. 82S — Furnished rooms to let.
HAIGHT. 087 — Two nicely furnished rooms;
bath and eas.
HAIGHT, 9S7 — Two newly furnished rooms;
bath and gas.
HAIGHT and Central ave. — Furnished apart-
ments.
HAMPTON place. IS— Single or housekeeping
¦ rooms.
HARRIET. 9—^Furnished room to let
HARRIET, 61— Furnished room.
HARRIET. 318— Furnished rooms.
HARRISON, 408 — Furnished rooms for rent
HARRISON. 618 — Furnished rooms.
HARRISON. 641— Furnished rooms.
HARRISON. 679 — Room to let; $12 per month.
HARRISON, 750— Room to let.
¦ 1
HARRISON, 741— Furniihedf rooms.
HARRISON. 784 — Two large unfurnished
rooms to let
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished > sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1
week up.
HARRISON, 830 — A tunny front room for
working man; $S.
HARRISON, 830 — Two front rooms to let
HARRISON, 3S6— Furnished rooms.
HARRISON, 946— Furnished rooms to let
HARRISON. . 1112— Room to let
HARRISON, 1180 — Furnished room to let
HARRISON. 1714— Furnished room.
HARRISON. 2408%, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first: — To let, sunny front room with,
gas and bath; $6 per month.
HAWTHORNE, 28 — 2 sunny rooms; furnished.
HAWTHORNE, 30 — Furnished rooms.
HAYES, 110 — Furnished rooms to let
HAYES, 344^ — 2 nicely furnished rooms to let;
rent cheap.
HAYES. 879— Rurnished rooms.
HAYES. 456 — Furnished room with running
•water; cheap.
HAYES, 456— Sunny front room, in private
family. .•._>¦;.' ->_:
HAYES. 703A— One sunny room.
HICKORY ave., 513 — Furnished room to let
HOLLIS. 4— Sunny front room. =-":' '•%'•- '
HOLLIS, 7 — Two sunny rooms to rent.
HOLLIS, 16 — Sunny front room.
HOPETON Terrace. 7 — A furnished room.
HOWARD, 120^-Furnlshed rooms' to let.
HOWARD. 437%— Nice sunny room to ,let
HOWARD. 60S — Sunny front room for two;
American, family; $2. per week. •
HOWARD, 602— Rooms to let.
HOWARD, 013— Rooms to let
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and XJntnxn.
HOWARD, 623— Rooms to let '-
HOWARD, 704 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 2oc to 51 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 715 — Furnished rooms, single or
double.
HOWARD, 715— Room to let
HOWARD. 719%— Furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 734 %— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD. 737 — Furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD. 760A— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD, 82S — Rooms to let.
HOWARD, 840 — A nice sunny room to let.
HOWARD. 844— Unfurnished rooms for rent
HOWARD. 8C0 — Nicely furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 015—2 rooms to let
HOWARD. 924 — A large front room.
HOWARD. 1050 — Furnished room, front, to let.
HOWARD, 1086 — Nlc« furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD, 1122 — Lar.e furnished room; rent
reasonable.
HOWARD, 1165 A— Rooms to let
HOWARD, 1165A — Furnished room to let.
HOWARD, 1205— Sunny front room. '
HOWARD, 121,4-A large front room to let ¦
HOWARD. 1G04 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 1C0&— Furnished rooms.
HOWARD." 17C9 — Furnished room to let
HOWARD. 1914— Furnished room to let.
HOWARD. 2013— Furnished room to let
HOWARD. 2630 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 2055 — Furnished rooms to let
HYDE, 214— Front room to let, furnished or
unfurnished.
HYDE, 324 — Rooms to let
HYDE. 603 — Furnished room.
HYDE, 625 — Sunny rooms to let
HYDE. 729 — Newly furnished snlte to let
HYDE, 739 — Storage room.
HYDE, 919 — Nlc« large front room to let;
with or without hoard.
HTDE. 1941— Room to let.
HYDE, 1S41— Room to let.
HUNT 19— Room to let
JACKSON, 913 — Furnished room to let
JACKSON, 023A— Furnished room to let
JACKSON. 1006 — A furnished room to let
MRS. HARTMAN.
JACKSON. 1011B— Furnished room to let
JACKSON. 1012— Furnished room to let
JESSIE, 1S7 — Furnished rooms.
JESSIE. SOS— Rooms to let
¦ I
________
JESSIE. 328 — Two eunny front rooms to let
JESSIE, 32S — Furnished rooms to let.
JESSIE. 337 — Furnished room to rent
JESSIE 365— Rooms to let
f
JESSIE. 3C3. east U. S. Mint— Small rooms
$5 and large rooms $3 per month.
JESSIE. 425— Nice furnished rooms to let
I
JESSIE, 624 — Furnished rooms to let
JESSIE. 611— Prcnt room to let
JONES, 120 — Nicely furnished rooms.
JONES. S07 — One large sunny room.
JONES, 307 — One room to* let
JONES, 317— Rooms to rent
JONES, 321 — Sunny furnished room to let.
JONES, 617 — One small room furnished; $7.
JONES, 815 — Furnished rcom.
JONES, 017 — A sunny newly furnished room;
phone Larkln 4125.
JONES. 94.1 — Sunny, well furnished rooms,
every convenience; private family; reference*.
JULIA. 42^— Furnished room to let
KEARNY. 305, cor. Bush — Windows to let for
Kni_hts Templar parade.
KEARNY. 305, cor. Bush — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms and bath at reasonable prices.
LAGUNA. 610— Bunny front furnished room.
LAGUNA. 1307 — Sunny rooms.
LAGUNA, 1335 — Rooms to let.
LANGTOK. 21 — 1 large sunny room.
LARGE sunny front room in private home to
a sentleman. Box 714, Call office.
LARGE, alcove room to let In the Mission
warm belt. Box 278, Call office.
LARKIN, 103 — Newly papered furnished rooms.
LARKIN. 105 — Nicely furnished rooms; reas-
onable,.
LARKIN, 139 — Furnished rooms to let.
LARKIN*. 413 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
furnished.
LARKIN, 5C2 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms: rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 51S— Furnished rooms.
LARKIN, C27— Furnished room.
LARK1X. 627— Sunny front room.
LARKIN, 704^4 — One unfurnished room.
LARKIN. 779— Furnished room.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front: and back rooms;
housekeeping is deglred: -reasonable.
1 LARKIN. 840 — Furnished room. _^^
I ¦
I.ARKIX, 836A — Unfurnished rooms.
LARKIN. 1012— One furnished room,
' . . .
LARKIN. 1054 — Sunny furnished room.
LiARKIN, 1120— Furnished room.
I.EA YEN. WORTH, 21S— Front hall bedrocza. '
sec;:: -qb — :o-rs_ g_ epikg — Coa. '
.'.'.;. <s3— {l-ttdscxne, modern pastors, _as i
reave, fl.*.: three connecting: ?1S &*).
• At*. It! _A MrA!lr»r — Hcoms. po rr. piett;
tT. t- *<*• r»« r*tur». hot bath: *-ults.
i.SK. 7:;i — Large. sunny rooa for house-
k. et il:s.
•WIC. 115V. — I'.ocm* complete Tor rioueekcep-
lac; $:. to ?1_; adults.
OAK GBOVB ten., yj. bet :.th and Cth. u rr
H.ir risen— One large housekeeping room.
CCTAVIA, 14O."t. c-jr. Geary— Large runny bay-
«:i»d-;\v: li s ::t liouyrkeerinr:.
CrrAKR____ r.«-r»— T -o nte-ty furnished rooms
::: J demerit for liousrketplnff.
• • KAHItEI.T.. 7CT— Three looms to let for I
housekeeping. j
•' i.Vlir.KI.U 77<;. rr. I__rkin— 2 light, tunny. I
• iarpe uafur. hou*ok; _:. room*; reasonable.
'*FAItUEX_U, 11_7 — 2 housekeeping rocms
combined, srftli rur.r.inc uater.
OTAI-nKL—J ZV.r;— Furnished 200ms In lase- •
ivi'nt for hcuFckecpins.
trFABBEXS* ir<«— r u — ush^d rooms for I
1: ¦J!*»-ke*-_>:r.g. modern; al?o bedroom.
OFARBELL.. 1385— Nicely ?u:r.i*hed »ur.r.y ]
fjont J.cu5.^ke«-ping ruite: _tl«»> sir.pie.
(• 'FAriP.ELL. 1277— Xew. i.nny, elegantly 1
fumi-bed -partrrents; housekeeping if fie- J
sired; Ellis tt. car.
< PA— BEI_L> 1816— -Three hcus--:;eeplng < rooms
. • ~- l*t.
< >."I2 large front sjiiiihj rcom. furr.i»h«d eom-
;:<•.* ?cr tous^keeptng: rent *2 per we-ek. I
Aj r *y fh^o store, 5G3 Mission *t.
f An;; llfl — Sunny housekeeping eu'.te; nl'-ely |
:-jr?'.'.s!i«l; Sij. j
: • ;r.. 142.V_3 or 4 unfurnished hcustUeeplng 1
room-, electric light; gas; bath.
: ::a1:I.. 3. corner Mar'.;e: — 2 furnished house- I
. »eep:ng rooTT..«. 511. S13; no children; phone.
.'KARL. 13, off Market, between Valencia ar.d j
• <;•.:> rrero — Two tunny ror.ne^tlTig heupekeen- >
::.-¦ rooms: gs« rar.pe; u?e ot bath and laun. I
__—-——-———_—_______ i
PINE. 7C7 — Hcujekeepinjr room* to let.
]•.:<. sji-- Smwjr Bait cf _ or 4 furnished
—cub; bath; rtf. ; re:is.; prlvute family. j
POLK. J1X1— T- o sur.r.y housekeeping room.*;!
r':.scr.s.fc>. 1 I
T" — ' rr I
*'¦ l.IC. 'C2T> — ;{ eunny front rooms, complete !
for bovsckettdBc; rent rea*~nalile: gas range. I
r-OPT. 41S — Fine housekeeping, sunny rooms.
I' ! >T. 10:S — Cory newiy fur. housekeeping 1
suite; private res.; desirable; walking <M«. j
- — (
POST. 10.M— Parlor ru:te end kitchen. $18.
POWELL. 1005-rHou— -keeping rooms tr> let.
RAU5CH. W — Three furnished rooms corr.p'.ct*
for housekeeping; reasonable.
PACKAMENTO. 1514 — 3 nicely fum. eunny
:= rooms. !:.ht housekeeping if desired.
FCOTT. 250 — Tw» tunny, unfurnished, connect-
ing roomt; bath; cas: phone.
BOOTT. 0^2, corner Page— HnuspWpir.g rooms.
•£Enc>Nr», 149 — Rooms for housekeeping; nicely
furnished: convenient to business.
SECOXD. 190 — One housekeeping room com-
plete.
JEDCOXD. 2<jS — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
£ECO"ND. 212— irou!xke->; Ing rooms ar.d other*; !
no children; r*ascnat>'e.
SECOND st.. 434 — 2 tunny connecting house- '
k**i?ir.g ruomi.
EDCTH. 143— Rooms for housekeeping; also
single rooms.
5 — 1 _ __
EXXIB ave.. 320. Richmond District — Two !
large sunny furnished roeir.E for housekeep- !
. ins. with bath.
frOUTH PARK, 110— Sur.r.y parlor house- !
keeping *u:te; gas range; $lo.
SOUTH PARK, 137—2 front parlors for house- i
, keeping; J15.
ETANVAX. 1311 — 4 unfurnished rocms; pa?, j
bath, pantry; light housekeeping; aduit*; j
rrtvate: reference*.
STOCKTON. 6<t3 — Two sunny housekeeping
roams; marine view; mcxlern: reasonable. i
. , — 1
FTOOKTON. 711 — Furnished rocms for house- i
keeping; $10 ;*t month.
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — i
t=UTT_R, 717— Elegant pertar suite, 2 cr 3 ;
louuia; othtr eunr.y single rooms.
" I
TEHAMA. 11 — Furnished r.ousekeepir-g room.
• ________ :
THHAMA. 338 — Housekeeping rooms to let
THE 1CC0 Pow*ll — Furnished or un- 1
iarnithod hay-window suites: complete for j
fccy«<-ke«-ping: _rag range; also single.
TO let — 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms. Ap-
ply lSt)2 and 1KH Mission st.
TURK. 325'i — Nice furnished housekeeping
rooms.
TURK. _33 — Houreketjiing room.
TURK. 1147 — Unfurr..i-hed, eunny suites; new i
house ; £r-e \ lew.
Tt'KK, lluii — Nf:wly furnished rooms In fine ,
location < after n>nclave week).
TWKUTH, 14:.— Suite cf rooms suitable for !
Ct-r.tlernan. with or without board.
TV ENTV-FIXTH. ZM~— 2 sunny housekeeping ;
rourr.F, $12. mar Mission cars.
ryvnt vtCTtm parlor suite and kitchen; J20; !
vicinity and Baker. Box Ol.Call. j
¦ i
VALENCIA, 310 — Furnished housekeeping 1
:00m to let
VALENCIA, 4"S — Sunny housekeeping rooms. •
VALENCIA. E37B— fitmay furnl«hed room, \
light hous«keepin»r If desired. j
VAN NE£S ave. _:if— Large, eunny suite; ;
!i<ut«kee_^rg: gas range; adults; $10.
VAN NEFS ave.. 312 — Eunny alcove front j
room, ur.f urnUbed : *!»j furnished bouae- !
Weeping ruum; reasonable. •
VAN NEKS ave.. 413 — Sunny single room for \
houyeket'ping.
VAN KESfl ave.. 421 — Sunny, front suite; gas '
stove; ?_3 per month.
VAN XEES ave.. 70C — Nice large room; run- •
rins Wi.fr, gas range, folding bed: $14.
VAN NESS av«>., 1000— Two nicely furnished I
rooms for nouse^<>rp:ng.
AFAET-IEJTT EOU8S3.
A— EL DBISOO APARTMENTS^
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BBOOEBICK.
4 and 5 room*, furnished or un.'urnished;
rorr.m_n_s an unsurpassed view of the entire
city, ocean and Lay; your inspection solicit- I
ed; best of references required.
MRS. N. FOSTEH, LESSEE.
ALSO FREE _r.d for EXCLUSIVE use of '
the LESSEES, uniciue GKILL. complete In j
every detail, a eh-rming jilace to entertain i
ones friemis. BILLIAKD acd CARD ROOM !
aC.oir.ing. .." '4,
_T. LOUIS, 157- Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-3 :
r.jc~s: furn. or usfur.; refs. Tel. East 1350. j
BOOSTS TO LET — Pom. and Unfnrn. j
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEU I
TliE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
11- AND 117 EDDY ST.
113 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO- !
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 33 SUITES '
WITH PKIVATK HATH: EXECTRIC
L4OHTS: HTICAV HEATHD THROUGH- ¦
OUT: TKLKPHOXK IN EVEHT HOOM;
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 Hi TO 52 DO PEK i
DAT; SINGLE ROOM?. 75c to SI; HOT !
WATER PAT AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
AEHWORTH HOTEL.
S2C ?._¦!«• n itt..^bet. Geary end O'FarreJl. !
I(cx>n ¦' with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; < mire hou-e j
rrwiy renovated: tun in rocms all day. I
A— WOLF" HOUSE. S. W. cor. Sixth and
Howaid— JJodtrr. opartm*r.ts, single rooms. I
«-tr.. f rcm _I>c to $1 ; rates by the week or !
month. •
1
I
A— KRU-NSWICK Howe. US Sixth rt.— Rooms
rT»r to $1 per night, fl 25 to $r. per week and
l!ght housekeeping room s; ojxn all nigfct
AT "The Almonte." £73 Market M. <cr No. ll
Klttli §>t.>— Roomt. _5c. We. $1. ?1 f.O night; I
*1 It) to $10 week: h^une open ail night. !
4 FCRN'IEHKD HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS; I
.3 MINUTES FROM STATION. ADDRESS
NirVVS AGENT, MILL VALLEY. CAL.
A XICU e_rny room. Western Addition, $0.
Ecx SCO. Cai! office.
A NICELY furnished room; private family.
Addrees box £34. Call office.
ROO_C5 TO __T— rura. aa-d Vnfttrn.
A ROOM for a gentleman. Apnfar at" 1C3 ED-
VtT fct. • »- .
ALniONjive.. 42— FurnlshiU room.
ALD1NE. 404 Turk et.— Sunny" furnished suite;
Ms jx>r nonih; $i _0 ]»er week.
ASH avo., 13S— Furnished front room; $6.
AIRORA. «XtS FolsoniTcorT Second— New. nice-
ly furnished «-jnny rooms; running water -
electric light*; *1 SO up.
I5ELVOND Hcure. over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances. lll'G Market and 21 Turk— Electric
liEh'.e; running w&ter In every room; _0O
rcr— -; 25c to 5Oc per night; SI 25 to %Z week.
B1P.CH ave.. 27— Furnished room to let
BRAXXAN, 204— Rooms to let.
BKPAIJWAT. 702— Furnlfhed room.
BRYANT, ng— 2 rooms to let.
r.P.TAN'T. 412— Large sunny room to let.
BRYANT. 417— FJrnisheJ room tojet.
BRYANT. 45?— Comfortable room with bath.
5G.
BRYANT. 517— Furnished room.
ERYANT. 526— Sunny furnished room.
BRTAXT. 535 — Furnished room; sunny.
BRYANT. 542*i— Sunny front room, newly
furnished, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
BKYANT. 5CS— Desirable room, young gentle-
man; $S month.
BRYANT. 7CS — A furnished room.
BRYANT. 841— Furnished room to let
BRYANT. 841— One furnished rocm to let
BUCHANAN. 1014 — Room to let.
BUCHANAN. 1111— Sunny furnished room.
BUCHANAN. 1200— Rooms to let.
BUCHANAN, 1210^ — Furnished rooms.
BUCHANAN. 1324— Furnished room to let.
i — _ — _ _t
BUCHANAN, 1325— Neatly furnished room;
(12 «er month.
BUCHANAN. 1328— Large front room, |8.
BUCHANAN. 1332— One furnished room.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old number 1364)—
Furnished rooms; suits, single; also unfur.
BUSH. 634— Sunny suite.
BUSH. 502 — Rooms; single; double; cheap;
central.
BUSH. 614— Neatly furnished rooms.
BUSH. 637 — Furnished rooms to let.
BUSH. 6C3 — Nicely furnished back parlor bed-
room.
BUSH. 722 — Rooms to let.
BUFH, 755, near Powell — One small and three
large rooms; u*e cf bath and gas.
BUSH. 756— Rooms to let
BUSH. 763— Room to let.
BUSH. fl« — Room to let.
BUSH. IOCS— Furnished rooms to let
BUSH. 1015 — Two Furnished rooms.
BUSH. 12j.1— Sunny, furnished room; private
family; bath; $S.
BUSH. 15S4 — Bunny room to let.
BUSH. 1610 — Room to let.
BUSH. 1633 — Nicely furnished room; sunny;
bath, phone, all conveniences.
BUSH, 1S36— Furnished room.
BUSH. 1942— Room to let.
BUSH,- 2313 U— Front room to let.
CALIFORNIA. 620— Rocms to rent
CALIFORNIA. 620 — Rooms to let California
House.
CALIFORNIA. 720— Rooms to let; $6 up.
CALIFORNIA, 720 — Housekeeping rooms; also
single: $6 up.
CALIFORXIA. 1512— Elegantly furnished single
rooms; private.
CALIFORXIA, 151C— A nice sunny alcove
suite, all modern Improvements. *
CALIFORNIA, 131 C — Newly furnished sunny
alcove suite, with Tunning water; private.
CAPP, 53 — Nicely furnished room.
CARTRO, 630— Rcom to let
CEDAR ave., 129 — Furnished rooms. MRS.
ARNOLD.
CENTRAL ave.. 611. Weet Alameda— Nicely
I furnished sunny front room; rent reasonable.
CENTRAL ave., 1028 — Three furnished rooms
to let
CHELSEA. 6. off Buih. near Powell — Cory
room, fS.
CHURCH, 364 — To let; sunny front room,
CHURCH. iec»— Furniahed rooms.
CLARA, £3 — Nice, sunny furnished room.
CLARA. 12S — Nice furnished room to rent;
good location.
CLAY, 10C5 — A nice front furnished room.
CLAY, 1006— A furnished room to let
CLEMENT, 216 — Furnished room for gentle-
man.
CLFMEXTLNA. 42— Furnished room to Itt
CLEMENTINA. 44 — 3-room basement to let
CLEMENTINA, 61— Sunny front rcom. fur-
nished.
CLEMENTINA, 51— Furnished rooms to let
CLEMENTINA, t>6 — A furnished room to rent
CLEMENTINA. 63— Furnished rooms.
CLEMENTINA. C3— Furnished rooms to let
CLEMENTINA. 311%— Large furnished front
room.
CLEMENTINA. 351— Furnished room. -I
CLEMENTINA. 410%— Three sunny, unfur-
nished rocms. ;. ¦- .
CLIPPER. 112 — Furnished rooms to let
CRAGBURN (The). 1C07 Larkln, cor. Post—
Eunny. nicely furnished room*; single, «*n
huite. housekeeping apartments, running
water, baths; rates reasonable.
DALE place. 0— Nicely furnizhed room. •. •
DEVISADERO. 1S01A — Sunny furnished front
room. • ' .
DOUGLASS. 22S— Furnished room to let
DUBOCE ave.. 122— Furnished room to let.
Dl'POXT _7C5— Furnished rooms to let WM.
F. DOUGLAS. *
EAGLE 108—1 nice room to let. MRS.
LEHMAN.
.EDDY, 126— Turn—hed room.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 190*.
46
BOOMS TO IiET — _»urn. and TTnfnrn.
POWELL. 2034 — Furnished rooms. ¦
POWELL. 204a— Furnished room, sunny.
POWELL* 2115—2 unfurnished room, to -•-
PROSPECT ave., 318 — Furnished rooms.
PROSPECT ave., 6_O — Furnished rooms.
QUINCY. 8 — Furnished room.
RUBS. 11B — Furnlehed rooms to let.
RUSJ3, 119 — Furnished rooms to let.
SEEKERS *>f health, attention— Mill VaUey.
45 minutes from S. F., furnished complete,
2-room cottages for housekeeping, linen in-
cluded; use of mineral water; $5 per week;
6 minutes' walk from station. Apply Red-
wood Rest. Cascade drive. Mill Valley.
$8— SUNNY back parlor, suitable for 2; no
sign. 1036 Minna st, between Eleventh and
Twelfth. . . .
SACRAMENTO, 1004— A room to let.
SACRAMENTO. 1114— Furnished room.
SACRAMENTO. 10C1— Furnished rooms.
SACRAMENTO, 1605— Nice, sunny front
- rooms; unfurnished; ras, bath, etc
SACRAMENTO, 2521 — Furnished room to let.
SACRAMENTO, 30T>i — Furnlehed rooms to let.
SAN BRUNO ave., 1421— Small furniehed
room to let.
SAN CARLOS ave., 226 — Furnished room to
let.
SANCHEZ. 1346. near Noe — A large furnished
front . room to let.
BAN JOSE ave.. 341B— Large furnlehed room
to let.
SAN JOSE ave. 1112— Front room to let.
SAN JOSE ave.. 2225 — Nicely furnished room.
j zzzm "
SCOTT, 229 — Nice furnished room to let.
SCOTT. 246 — Sunny room to let.
j SCOTT. 1732 — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
! SECOND, 124— A furnished room.
I
j SECOXD, 204, near Howard — Furnished room, ;
I SECOXD, 204, near Howard— Furnished room.
j .
| SECOND, 212— Furnished room to let.
! =1
1 SECOND, 212 — Furnished room to let.
• SECOXD. 223. near Howard— Sunny furnished
'. rooms.
SECOXD ave.. 327— Unfurnished room to let.
SEXTIXEL. 879 Turk, adjoining Jefferson—
4-roam apartments; telephone East 917.
I _______________________________ _-_____-____—-__—______¦
SEVENTH, 108 — Room to rent.
I SEVENTH, 206 — A large sunny front room;
suitable for two. -
j SEVENTH. 22S— Room to rent.
j SEVENTH. 667— Furnished room.
i SEVENTH, 1759U, Oakland — Furnished rooms.
SEVENTEENTH, ' 1415, AVest Oakland — Fur-
nished room to let.
SEVENTEENTH, 3415— Furnished rooms to
_let.
! SHIPLEY, 232— Furnished room.
' tjHIPLEY. 'SS2 — Elegantly furnished room, tun-
n;ng water, to let.
i SHIPLEY, 234 — Elegant furnished rooms.
; BHOTWELL, 15S — Furnished rooms to let.
j SILVER. ISA— Unfurnished room to let.
I SIXTH, 11.4 — Large, sunny front room.
SIXTH, 125, over, book store — Sunny furnished
i rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH, 13oA — Nice sunny front bedroom to
rent. 51 DO week.
! 6TH, 143 — Rooms with housekeeping privileges;
also double parlors; good for Dr. or dentist.
SIXTH. L'24 — Xice furnished rooms for house-
keeping; reasonable; private family.
j ———————————————————————————————————
! SIXTH .">14— Furnished rooms.
I "
' SIXTH. &20— Rooms to let.
' SIXTEEXTH, 522 — Furnished rooms to let.
j SIXTEEXTH. 522 — Furnished rooms to let.
j SIXTEEXTH. 2945— A nice room to let.
SMALL, light room, reasonable; board, private,
I near by; residence locality; ref. Box 178,Call.
SOUTH PARK. 13 — Nicely furnished sunny
! rooms, suitable for housekeeping.
, SOUTH PARK. 35 — 1 nicejy furnished eunny
j front room.
| " '• '
' SOUTH PARK, 84 — Furnished room.
: SOUTH PARK. 101 — A nicely furnished sunny
room In corner flat.
SOUTH PARK, 134— Nice sunny furnished
! room.
i SOUTH PARK. 137— Nicely furnished rooms to
; let; reasonable.
I ' _
] SOUTH PARK, 184— Furnished rooms to let.
i STKIXER. 907 — 1 or 2 furnished rooms; bath;
gas.
, STEVEXSOX. 225— Furnished room to let.
STEVENSON, 231 — Furnished room to let.
STEVENSON, X,ZZ<\'2 — Nice furnished rooms;
rent cheap.
; STEVENSON. 547— Furnished room to let.
! STEVENSON, G20 — Nice, sunny, furnished
room; rent cheap.
STEVENSON, 622— A nice furnished sunny
front room to let.
STEVENSON. C35— Sunny double furnished
. loom for gentlemen.
! STEVENSON. 774 — Small furnished room to
j_2_l ¦
I STOCKTON, 3S — Furnished rooms.
: STOCKTON. 40S (Ansonla) — Sunny furnished
•' • rooms to let.
j STOCKTON, 1302— Nice furnished room; pleas-
ant location. • • . _
STOCKTON. 1913 — A furnished room to let. '.
I SUTTER, 236— Sunny, front suit*, to let.
SUTTER. 3.0 — Furnished rooms to let.
' SUTTER. 51C — Rooms to let.
j SUTTER. 614 — Sunny room.
j ---__-_----—-——--_--_----_----_-_-_ ---———___¦¦__¦________, '
-SUTTER, 022— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
pleasant and convenient. . .;,
BUTTER, 717 — Elecant parlor suite; other
Kunny single rooms.
BUTTER. S23B— Furnished rooms to let.
SUTTER, 823B (old number)— Very fine rooms
in Pleaaanton Hotel block.
SUTTER. 891— Furnished rooms to let.
SUTTER. 960— Furnished eulte.
j EUTTER, 80S— Nice Bingle room to let.
' SUTTER, 1105— Furnished front~bay-window
j con, rms.; closet; run, water; 1st floor;cheap.
] SUTTER, 1216 — Two furnished rooms.
ROOMS TO I-ET — ran. waA tTnfurn.
MTSSIO-f. 723 — Tumlshe. room t» let.
iSISFION. 7S3 — Furnlehed rooms.
MISSION, 7C3 — Nice cunsjr front room to Ut.
MISSION. 781 — One fenrished room to let.
MISSION, flll — Nicely furnish**, frost room;
piano-
MISSION. SIS— Rooms to lrt.
MISSION. 643— Rooms to Ut.
MISSION. S43 — Rooms to let.
MISSION, sea— Nice *unny room to rent.
MISSION. 821%— Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1011— Large furnlehed room to let
for gentlemjLn.
MISSION. 1012— Sunny furnlehed rooms to let.
MISSION. 1013. rear Sixth— Small front room
for gentleman; $5 per month.
MISSION. 1023 — Large eunny front room.
MJi-PION, 1030— Laree furnished room for one
or two trentlemen.
MISSION. 103i>— Furnished rooms to let; single
gentlemen.
MISSION. 1CC0— ' Two furnished rooms for gen-
tlemen only.
IflESION*. 1M1 — Nice sunny suite of rooms.
MISSION. 1043 — Nicely furnisher rooms to let.
MISSION, 1061 — Nice sunny rooms to rent.
MISSION. 1000 — F_n_l£hed room; nice and
•runnyj ger.Uernen.
MISSION. llCS— Furnished roome to let.
MTESION. 120S— Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 1824— F*amlehed rooms to let.
MISSION. ' 1320 — Large sunny front and back j
P-rlors. connecting kitchen, complete hskpg. |
MISSION., 1551—3 eur.ny rocms to let at $0
and $S per month.
MISSION. 1C64— Large end «rr.a_l rooms;
plenty of r*jr_?hlne.
MISSION. 2C5S— Rooms to let.
MISSION, 2C69— Furr'.Fhed rooms.
MISSION. 2245 — Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 2292— Rooms to let. I
M1EETON, 276S — Two bright furnished rooms.
MISSION, 2S22 — Furnished rooms.
-¦— — i
MISSION. 2S44— Furnished room.
MISSION. 2031— Furnished rooms.
¦MONTGOMERY. 131 — Nicely furnished rooms
to let. .
MOXTGOMERT ave.. 707— Furnished rooms
* to let
JCATOMA, 20S — Furnished rooms to let.
3%'ATOMA. 214 — Comfortable room suitable for \
; two.
«- I
JCATOMA, 254 — Xioe sunny rooms.
____ i
KATOMA, 437 — Sunny furnished rooms.
JCATOMA.- 450'i — Furnished room to let.
'¦ j
KATOMA. 554— Furnished rooms to let.
' — i
o ICATOMA. f:S2 — Furnished rooms to let.
JCATOMA. 614 — Rooms to let.
JCATOMA. 615B— Room tn let.
JCATOMA, 10o> — A nice, furnished room to '
JZ - - I
JCIXTH. 105— Furnished rooms.
ICIXTH, 113 — S;ng!», .«-ur.r:y room; rent reason- |
able.
C 2\'IXTH. 118 — One large room for p»>nt; $10; j
eas.
NINTH. 134— Furnished rooms to M.
<*CINTH. 217 — Furnished rooms to let.
ICIXTH, 217 — Furnished room. $S per month.
ICINTH. HC3 — A large furnished room.
ICIXTH, 2TS — Private; cleanest. Fur.niest
# handi<st rocms in San Franciyco; pricts to
*euit; cars all round.
ICINTH. 236 — Rooms to let.
ICIXTH. 321— Nice furnished rooms to let.
NINETEENTH, 3524. nr. Valencia— A front
tunny room; clo«?t. phone, sas; corner house.
T»OE. 61. nr. Duboce Park — Sunny, front room;
eo other roomers.
JCOE, 254— Largre bay-window front room for
•rent during Knighis Ttmi lar conclave; n?w-
ly furniehed: '-. block from Castro-st. cars;
rent reasonable.
NOE. 317 — Shinny furnished rooms to let,
Js'OE. '77 — Large furr.iFhed room to let; sun-
¦ .r.y; terms reasonable.
ICOE. 1025 — One furnlshe. tunny room.
OAK. 221 — Fvmlwhea' room to let.
OAK, C13— Sur.ny room to let.
OAK. CI3V4— Rooms to let.
OAK. O4 — Eunny room to let: fS.
OAK. 1003— Rooms to let.
OAK. 1CSS — Furnished room to let. ,. I
OAK GROVE ave.. 25— Nicely furnished room.
OCTAVIA. 604, nur Gro\»e — A sunny front
parlor; rent reasonable; modern conveniences.
OCTAVIA. 0C4— A sunny front parlor; modern
conveniences.
OCTAVIA, 1059 — Furnished roome.
OCTAVIA. 1364 — A runny furnisbed room to
let.
OFAHRELL, 20— Eur.ny furnished rooms; e'.e-
gar.t; *Iectrlc lights; unfurnished offices.
O'FARRELL. ."7 — Two nlc-ely furnished rooms
for rent.
OKAUREU* 271. The Howard— Elegantly fur-
nished rooms. Tfl. Black 314S.
OTARRCLU 330— Furnished room.
¦
OTARHEJ-L. +45— Furnished rooms.
CFARRELL, 531 — FumiEhod room to let.
O'FARRELL. JJ73 — Furnished room to let.
OTARRELL, G£7— Furr-lshed rooms.
OTARRELL. 767 — Rooms to let.
O'FARHELL, 7C7 — Furnished rooms.
CFARRELt.. 776— Nicely furnished rooms.
CVFATIRELL. SIC — Rooms to let.
OTARRELL. fS2— Unfurnlfhed rooms to let.
tTFAJlRELL, SCI— Furnished rooms.
JTAIUIELL, 8C3 — Furnished rooms.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and TJnf urn.
SUITER. 1816 — Furnished rooms to let.
SUTTER. 2002— Furnished rooms. J
BUTTER. 2102— Private home; 2 or 8 roomi;
board optional ; free phone.
BU---i-K. 2153 — Furnished rooms.'
TAYLOR. 109— Furnished rooms.
TAYLOR, 125— Nicely furnished room,
TAYLOR. 131— Nicely furnished rooms.
TAYLOR. 149— Furnished rooms."
TAYLOR. 227— Rooms to let.
TAYI-OR, 240— Housekeeping rooms to let.
TAYLOR, 242— Sunny, furnished room.
TAYLOR, 243— Furnished room to let.
TAYLOR. 615— Board and room.
TAYLOR. 615— Furnished rooms. I
TAYLOR. C24. cor. Sutter— 2 sunny front
rooms; also 2 hougekpg. rooms; reasonable. !
TAYLOR, 2013— F-rnlshed room to let.
TAYLOR, 20B2 — Sunny side room; bath; phone. I
TAYLOR, 2314— Furnished room. '<
TEHAMA. 68— Rooms to let.
TBHAMA. 10O— Nicely furnished rooms.
TEHAMA. 152 — Furnished room to let.
TEHAMA, 154 — Furnished room to let.
TEHAMA, 154 — Furnished rooms to let.
TEHAMA. 154 — Furnished rooms to let.
TEHAMA, 156 — Furnished rooms.
TEHAMA. 156 — Furnished rooms to let.
TEHAMA. 156 — Furnished room.
TEHAMA. 1B6 — Furnished room.
TEHAMA, 160 — Nice furnished room to let.
TEHAMA, 163 — Housekeeping rooms.
TEHAMA. 163— Furnished rooms.
TEHAMA, 165 — Nicely furnished room cheap.
TEHAMA. 165 — Nicely furnished room to let.
TEHAMA, 10S— Furnished rooms to let.
TEHAMA. 476 — Handsome furnished room.
TEHAMA, 623 — A sunny furnished room.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New brick
buljding. finely furnished; modern; central;
rates reasonable.
THE WELLINGTON. 110 Stockton St.— Nice
furnished rooms to rent.
THIRD. 25— Rooms to let.
THIRD. 41 — Furnished room to let.
THIRD, 75 — Pleasant furnished rooms.
THIRD, 77— Furnished rooms to ltt. ,
THIRD. 79 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD, 67 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 103— Rooms to let.
THIRD, 104 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD, 1C6 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 123— Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD. 140 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD, 156 — Xice, eunny rooms.
THIRD, 150 — Furnished room to let.
THIRD, l&G — Nice si_nny rooms.
THIRD, 156 — Xice, sunny rooms.
THIRD, 203M. — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD, 230 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD, 225— Rooms to let.
THIRD, 230— Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD. 308 — Furnished rooms to let;
THIRD. 3CS (The Mayflower) — Pleasant sunny
furnished rocms; central; reasonable.
THIRD, 318— A large room for a couple.
THIRD, 320 — Rooms to let.
i THIRD, 322 — Sunny room.
THIRD. o2S— A large room for a gentleman.
AIRS. WOODWARD.
THIRD, 344— Furnished room for gentle-
man.
THIRD. 31t!4 — Furnished rooms.
THIRTEENTH, 840— Sunny front room.
THIRTEENTH. 617%— Furnished room to let.
TO LET— "¦
3 or 4 modern housekeeping rooms; all im-
provements; fine neighborhood; near the Bay-
Chestnut sts. station; low rent; private house,
suitable for youns couple. Call at _!107 San
Jose ave., Alameda.
TO RENT— A sunny room on Jackson st. Box
523. Call office.
TOWNSEND. 120— Furnished room.
TURK, 125— Furnished rooms.
TURK. 201 — Furnished room to let.
TURK. 317 — Furnished front room to let.
TURK. 31S— Furnished rooms to let.
TURK. 320 — Fine, sunny, clean, cheap rooms.
TURK. 327 — Good furnished rooms and sunny
parlor. . : . . •
i TURK, 340 — Two furnished rooms.
TURK, 323— Private family; single rooms, $3
and $10.
TURK. 325— Furnished rooms to let, double
or slnsle.
i TURK. 416 — Sunny outside room, furnished.
TURK, 033, near Larkin — One large sunny
I room, with running water and bath; suitable
for 2 gentlemen. . . ...
TURK, 733 — Furnished room to let. — •
TURK. 787 — Furnished rooms to let.
TURK, 804 — Furnished room.
I TURK, 834— Sunny furnished room; folding
bed; running water; use of bath If desired.
TURK. 1104— Sunny room, furnished.
TURK^HS— Rooms with board.
TWENTY-FIRST, 2603 -^Nicely furnished
rooms ; to let. ••*.¦¦'}
TWENTY-SECOND. 2952— Furnished rooms.
ROOMS TO I.ET — ram, and Unfnrn.
C^rARRJCL-U P2S — Furnished rooms.
OTARRI-l--.. 1105— Furnished room to let.
CFARRELL. 1127— Nicely furnished winny
room; bath; phone.
OTARRELL, 1127— Nicely furnished sunny
room. bath, phone; private residence^
O^FAJRREL-U 1252^T_ree-room suite with
bath; unfurnished.
CFAnni-LL, 1316 — Front room to let-
OTARRELL, 1472— Slnele room to let.
O'FARRELL. 14S4 — Furnished room to let.
O'FARRELL, 1610— Furnished room to Ut.'
O'FARRELL, 1518 — 3 large sunny rooms.
O'FARRELL. 1520. near Buchanan — 2 comfort-
able furnished rooms; hot. cold water, bath,
phone; private; also single; $10 and $7.
O'FARRELL. 1816 — Three sunny rooms.
CFARRELL, 1848 — Furnished rooms.
PACIFIC ave.. 1664^ — Furnished room.
PAGE. 86 — Nice airy suite; reasonable. Ap-
ply MRS. HORNLIKE.
PAGE. 551— Front and back parlors, newly
furnished, with gas.
PAGE. 1670— Rooms to let.
PAGE. 1776 — Furnlehed room.
PARNASSUS ave.. 219 — Furnished room.
PERRY, 19 — Bunny hall room to let; $6.
PERRY, 42 — Bunny single rooms.
PERRY, 139 — 1 nice front room to let.
PERRY. 163 — A front room for gentleman.
PERRY. '.OSi. — Furnifhed room to let.
PERRY. 1103— Furnlehed room to let.
' PFEIFFER, 128— A furnished room to let.
j .
, PIERCE, 41£t — Furnished room to let.
PIERCE 779— Furnished rooms. MRS. WIL-
LIAMS.
PIXE, 417 — Furnished rooms.
: PIXE. 512 — Furnished rooms.
j PIXE. 641— Room to let.
¦ ZUZZ
PIXE. 671— Room to let.
PIXE. 729 — Furnished room.
PIXE. 72S — Furnished rooms.
PINE. 72S — Xice furnished room.
PUCE. 729 — Furnished room.
PIXE. 734'. — Xice sunny room to let.
PIXE. 7Z4 — Xice front room to let.
PIXF. 614— Room to let.
PIXE. near Powell — Sunny furnished
room: suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; Teas.
PIXE, 849 — Furnished rooms.
PIXi:, DI2 — I*iri<> iurnisi-ed roctn.
PIXE. 10C6 — Newly furnished rooms.
PIXE, 1216 — Sunny unfurnished room to let.
PIXE. 1415 — Xice furnished room.
PIXE. 143T. — Furnished room for rent.
PIXE, 1507 — Furnished rooms.
PIXE. 1735, near Van Xcss — Elegantly fur-
nished sunny room: all conveniences; pri-
vate family; moderate.
PIXK. 1735, close in— Sunny bay-window room;
electric licht; runninc water; cheap.
PIXE. 2C20— Room to let.
! PIXE. 2022 — Furnished rooms to let.
! PIXE. 2*13 — Room to let.
PCLK. C03— Large front room; gas and bath.
I POLK. 61O'.i — Furnished room to let.
' 1'CL.K. t»17 — Large sunny room tor two gentle-
nun; flu.
| POLK, 1010 — Furnished rooms.
' POLK. 101S— Xice large room, with all mod-
ern conveniences.
! POLK. 1131— Furnished rooms; bath; tele-
phone; reasonable.
._
J POLK. 1116— Room to let.
POST, 420 — Furnished room.
POST. 509 — Large front parlor, well furnished;
cheap.
POST, o03 — Clean, cheap rooms; near In town.
POST. 509 — One large sunny room.
POST. C25 — Laree front bay window to let.
POST. S21 — Beautiful sunny rooms; grate, gas,
telephone, bath; quiet and homelike; suitable
tn two or mure; refs. exchanged.
POST, S24— Handsoimly furnished large room;
also small . room; gentlemen.
POST. 8S9 — Large furnished room; running
T/ater; one or two gentlemen; references.
POST, S91— Xice furnished room with running
water.
POST. 027 — Furnished room to let.
POST, 92S — Parinisbed roome, with modern con-
veniences; reasonable.
POST. 14r-5-rurnl,h"ea~7oom. ' '
I POST. 1848— Furnished rooms to let by the
! week.
i •-——--—-——————-—————-———_——__________________
j POST. 2020— Sunny room to let; front.
| ' ; — ; — : —
I POST, 2577— Front bedroom, bright and large.
i POST, 2577— Bright front room, single gentle-
man; $J*.
! POST. 2577— A large hall bedroom for single
man.
POWELL. 15) — Front room, upstairs; furnished.
POWELL, 22— Furnished rooms.
POWELL. 230 — Housekeeping rooms.
POWELL. 606 — -"Large front room; modern- eun
all day.
POWELL. 506 — Nice sunny rooms Tor Sir
Knights.
POWELL, COS— Housekeeping room to let.
POWELL. C14A— Furnished room to let.
POWELL. R06^ — One airy room to let.
POWELL, 840— Bunny furnished room.
POWELL. 84S — Furnished room to let.
POWELL, 1009— Furnished room; ?6
' ; 1
POWELL, 1210— Furnished room.
POWELL. 1220, cor. Pacific— Nice, sunny
front rooms, double and -single; popular
prices; also housekeeping rooms.
ROOMS TO X33T — gum, and Unfurn.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4032— Furnished rooms.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3020— Room to let.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75.to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
UNFURNISHED room. Box 227. Call office.
UNION. 1S93— Furnished room to let.
VALENCIA. B20— Furnished suite.
VALENCIA. 523— Nice furnished rooms to let.
VALENCIA, 623— Furnished rooms.
VALENCIA, 936 — Furnished rooms to rent.
VALENCIA. 927 — Furnished rooms.
VALLEJO, 801— Furnished room.
VAN NESS ave., 37— Single, furnished front
room to let; SI 75 per week.
VAN NESS nve.. 300 — Furnished room.
VAN NESS ave., 417 — Small room in base-
ment: 55 per month.
VAN NESS. 813 — Two 6unny front parlors;
very quiet; suitable for invalid; $25.
VAN NESS ave.. 1008 — Accommodations for j
. party • of tc|fe gentlemen.
VAN NESS ave., 1021- — Nicely furnished room.
VASSAR place, 7& — Furnished rooms.
VASSEROT place, 9 — Furnished room to let.
WALL. 1^4 — 3 furnished rooms.
WASHINGTON, 704— Furnished rooms to let.
WASHINGTON._927— Sunny front room to let.
WASHINGTON. 92S^~neat7y~fu"mfshed~room ;
cheap.
WASHINGTON. 1222— Furnished room to let.
WASHINGTON ave.. 11 M.— Furnished room.
WASHINGTON ave.. 35 — Sunny front room to
let.
WEBSTER, 707 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
WEBSTER. S12— Furnished rooms.
WEBSTER, 1810— Nicely furnished room for
rent.
WEBSTER, 1S16— Furnished rooms.
0
WILLOw-ave., 14 — Furnished rooms.
WILLOW ave., 14, off Larkln, near Eddy —
Front furnished room; $S; private family.
WILLOW ave.. 61S— Furnished rooms' '
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; ?2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WINDOW to rent on Market st. for parade.
Box 93. Call.
1
WOODWARD ave.. 74— A room to let.
YOU can't beat the Wellington rooms. 73
Third st.
ZOE, 19 — Rooms to let.
ZOE. 35 — Three rooms to let.
ZOE, 53% — Unfurnished room to let.
7.OK, 53*4 — Rooms to let.
BOOMS AND EOAS3.
A— THE VESTA.
1543 PIXE. NEAR VAN NESS.
IS NOW OPEN TO THE PUBLIC.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUITES AND
SINGLES.
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLAN.
REFERENCES.
VALLEJO, 1130, cor. Leavenworth, one block
to Hyde-st. car — Newly furnished sunny lront
rooms; excellent , home cooking; running
water, yard, laundry, phone; private family;
homelike and rennedr reasonable.
NICE sunny furnished room with running
water; private bath; board if desired; in a
private family; for lady or gentleman. Box
4U1, Call office.
A LARGE* sunny front room, grate, running
water; board for 2; refined Spanish family;
large garden: bath; phone. Box 70«{, Call.
SINGLE sunny front room, with board, in
rerined private family; yard; gas. Box 394,
Call office.
BUNXY, furnished room to let with or with-
out board; terms reasonable. Apply 1929
Green street.
OCTAVIA, 1263. or box 179. Call — New rooms,
e'.egant board; private; references; $25 pt-r
month.
OAK, |1020— Boarders wanted.
_____ ,
EDDY, 821-rRoom and board. " *
. EDDY. 722 — Rooms and board.
! SUTTER, S20— Large sunny finely furnished
front rooms, with or without board.
MCALLISTER, 1S22— Rooms with board.
FOLSOM, 619 — Sunny rooms, with board.
ROOM and bjmrd for child; $16. Box 571.
Call office.
ROOMS to let with board. Marchioness, 160
Golden Gate ave.
ROOMS and board; private: suitable for two
gentlemen ; references. Box 204. Call.
FIRST, . 323 — Excellent table board $4 per
week, with large, sunny room $5.
HA1GHT. 00— Newly furnished double and
single rooms; good home cooking; reasonable.
BOARDERS wanted. The Irvingdale 626
Eddy st.
JOXES. 917 — Sunny, newly furnished room;
phone Larkln 4125.
JONES. 122'?, corner Clay— Sunny, elegantly
furnished rooms; maHne vlew;board optional.
POWELL. 732 — Sunny furnished room and
board. ' ?
MINNA. 545 — Sunny room with board for gen-
tleman; reasonable.
NICE furnished rooms with excellent French
table board. 453 Ellis st.
O'FARRELL, 621 (The Comora)— 2 or 3 superb
rooms; large grounds: beet table; billiard rm.
ROOM and board: private family; reasonable.
1428 Jones st. • -.- . .
FRANKLIN. 1109 — Sunny suite and single
rooms; excellent board.
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
09S.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
runny rcrms: table board; reas.; new manag.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room,
single cr double. $5-$C wk.; American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. 'Grace Church annex,
6^7 California— See rooms.learn prices, try table.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EOOMBEHTIKa AQEMCT. *
HAVE you any rooms to let? If. you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 096.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — 3 rooms, with board, for young
couple with baby 2 years old: near California
and Fillmore Bts. Box 321, Call. ,.
A YOUNG man" of 20 wishes room and board
'by the, month. Box 427, Call office.
WANTED— Board In Jewish family. Box 400,
Call office.
HOME wanted for bat>y; room for parent. Box
&1V. Call office.
ST. IiOUIS BOOMS.
ROOMS for World's Fair visitors. St. Louis—
1054 Thornby place; fine private residence:
cool, quiet and pleasant: hardwood floors:
privilege of bath; fine lawn: large forest
trees; • five minutes from fair grounds;
3 lines of cars; In the finest residence sec-
tion of West End; two cafes and hotel near;
reach It on Page boulevard car from Union
Station. . ¦
BOOMS WAHTED, j
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAVE.
\ SEPTEMBER. 1904.
Hotels, rooming houses, apartment houses,
boarding and private houses, list your rooms
for visiting Knights Templar and their friends,
free of nil charge, with the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY.
1104 Marker st.. rooms ¦ 3 and 4.
W. L. GROWALL. Chairman Hotel Committee.
YOUNG man desires room In nice neighbor-
hood convenient to downtown district; must
contain running water, fireplace, south win-
dows; describe with Drice. Kox 700, Call.
WANTED — Two sunny rooms for light house-
keeping; state price. 766A Harrison st.
BY gentleman, 2 unfurnished rooms north of
Market St.; state price. Box BSD. Call.
WANTED — Room near Market st-. Address 21
Eugenia ave.
WANTED — First-class room, furnished. 2103
O'Faixell st.
STABI.ES TO LET.
FOR RENT— Stable with 3 stalls. Apply 300
Fell st.
PBOPOSAI.8.
NOTICE is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2 o'clock p. m.. Monday.
September 12. 1904, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of fald board In the city of Phoenix.
Arizona, for the sale of ten bonds of the
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20. inclusive, bearing date
of- January 1, 1904, due and payable Jan-
uary 1. 1954, bearing Interest at the rate of
fi per cent (5%) P«r annum, optional after
twenty-five years, issued by the Territory
of Arizona. In accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
1 which ' act has been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the second Issue ot the lean authorized
by eaid act. Interest on said bonds will
be paid seml-annually on the first day of I
January and July of each year, and both
principal and Interest payable in gold coin
of the United States at the office of the
Trea-urer of said Territory. A certified
check of a responsible bank for S per cent
of the amount bid. payable to the order of
E. E. Kirkland, Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of this advertisement must accom-
pany each bid. Failure of bidder to make
payment in full upon allotment and tender
of bonds will be considered a cancellation
' cf the bid and the forfeiture of the cheek
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bid*
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arlzcna. and marked
•Propo.»al5> for purchase of Insane Asylum
BondB." GKOROE E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storaze & Van Co.; furniture
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Hov/ard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse. G.G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIEHCK-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 671.
COXKLIX'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN Wtst Storage ; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F.W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; rhone Jackson 281.
1 IJEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1SJ0. Shipping at cut rates.
s_wi:;o machines Azn> supplies.
ABOUT renters — We have about 1000 new
Whites to rent at $2 per month; you can
make no mistake when you order a White.
as you get the best sewing machine on
earth. Visit the White Co.'s new retail
office, 915 Market St., and see the beautiful
collection of machine art work.
AT the new retail office of the White. 915
Market St., the finest collection of machine
embroideries and artistic sewing machines
ever shown on the Coast are now on exhibi-
tion. When you buy or rent a White you
get the beat sewing machine on earth.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use: best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the bfst second"-hand machine;
all kinds. $3. $5. $S; guaranteed; where the
dolls swing In the window. lOol Market st.
SFECZAX. NOTICES.
A~GUARAXTEED cure for plies; PETER
FREILIXG'S pile salve. $1 per box: war-
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding. Itching,
external, internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without fall, no matter how long
standing. 162S Devisadero st.. near Sutter.
TURF.
A LOXG Driced horse at St. Louis; will give
this to a few bettors. Parker. StJ Geary, r.45.
VIATX.
A WAY to health — Mothers' and daughters'
hrm«- treatment: booklet free: write for It.
VI A VI CO.. 2304 Van Nesy; phone East 2S2.
_JCTPEWR-CTERS A»D SIJPPliIES^^
. AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
; Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exthanse. 536 California st.
¦ 2D-HAND typewriters sold, ¦' rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 3CS Market.
I.EOAI. NOTICES.
NOTICE la given that the saloon at 511 Wash-
ington »t., San Francisco, has been sold at
this date and all claims- must be presented
on or about Tuesday, August 30. CAPTAIN
L. BAGLIETTO.
STUTTERING AND STAMMEKHO.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness and Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne In U. S. : private: established J
years In S. F. Tel. Mint 262tt from 1 to 5 pm.
WINDOWS TOR PARADE.
WINDOW to let for parade. 8 Grant ave.
marriage: licenses.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
retterday;
Walter B. Howe. 27 814A Larkln street.
: and Julia A. Williams. 22 S14A Larktn street.
Paul A. Lavergne, 27. 3 IS Fourth street, and
Ida Delagnes. 20, 15 Silver street.
Stephen L. Whipple. 21. 843 Pine street, and
Bessie A. Llprert. IS. 621 Waller street.
George E. Snow. 27. 3338 Twenty-flrst street,
and Barbara Lipp, 25. IS Cohen place.
Delmar H. Latlmer 21 126 Ellis street, and
Hattie R Pierce; 21 city.
Walter J Burs. 23, Merced, and Leota E.
Lewis. 20. Merced.
James W. Wamsley, 33, Presidio, and Edna
M. Seaman:. 21 2813 Greenwich street.
Paride Basaglia. 24, Sonoma, and Emilia
P. -Palsoil. 24, Sonoma.
Isaac S. Meeks 24 Vallejo, and Mary L.
Hallahan. IS. Vallejo.
Edward C. Travis 34, 5}SS Howard street,
and Serena L. Judd. 2S. 1045 Folsom street.
Alexander H. Humphreys, 26, 52 Rau.ch
street and Magna J. Nelson. 23. 46S Bryant.
* George J. Olmsted. 30. «O5 Post street, and
May von Ahnen 28, 61 Eureka street.
Emil B. Johnson. 29. city, and Ellen F.
Mycroft. 29. city.
Peter A. Madison. 36. 4S East street, and
Nora K. Karlsen. 20. 4S East street.
Fred F. Sprague. 35. Sonoma, and Julie H.
Granlce. 22. Sonoma.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlajre and death notices sent by
mail will not bo inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b»
Indorsed with the name and .esldence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
Notices' restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this eoluen i
free of charce.
BORN.
BOTLE— In Mill Valley. August 27. 1904. to
the wife of Hugh A. Boyle, a daughter.
BRITTAN— In this city, August IS, 1904. to
the wife of Henry M. Brlttan. a daughter.
BURY— In this city. August 14, 1904. to the
wife of Val. R. Bury, a son.
CALLAN— In this city. August 16. 1904. to
the wife of Eugene C. Callan, a son.
CLARK— In this city July SO, 1904. to.th*
wif? of Thomas F. Clark, a daughter.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, to the wife of
Thomas F. Fltzpatrick, a daughter.
HAYNES— In thU city. August 27, 1904. to
the wife of W. P. Haynes, a son. -
HEICK— In this city, August 7. 19O4.~ to the
wife of Fred Heick. a son.
LEWIS— In thi» city Auy__t 24. 1904. to th»
wife of Warren P. Lewis, a son.
MILLER— In -this city. August 23, 180*. to
the. wife of Charles Miller, a son.
STEIN— In this city August 24. 1904. to the
wife of J. Stein, a daughter.
STEPHENS— In Santa Clara. August 25. 1904,
to the wife of Charles A. Stephens of Saa
Francisco. a son.
VICK— In this city. August 5. 1904. to th»
wife of Charles Vick. a son.
WEST— In this city. August 22. 1904. to the
wife of T. Mauritz \V. West, a son.
. 3IAKK1ED.
ALEXANDER— HARVEY— In this city. Atrr-
ust 20, 1904. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, Charles A. Alexander and Jennlo
D. Harvey, both of Los Angeles.
FLETCHER— MURPHY— In -this city. August
14. 19O4. by Rev. Dr. John A. B. WlNon.
William* E. Fletcher and Katherine A. Mur-
phy, both of San Francisco.
HEAD— WILLIAMS— In Alameda. August XT,
1904. at Christ Church, by the Rev. W. AV.
Guthrte Stanley Howard Head and Isabella
Adelaide Dorathea Williams, younse^t
daughter of Captain-, and Mrs. E. H. Wil-
liams of Alameda.
KEKNELL— SMITH— In San Rafael. August
1. 1004. by the Rev. Father Walsh. John T.
Kernell of Chicago and Sadie Smith of Sal
Francisco.
KLEES— HETTINGER— In this city. August
27, 1904, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer. past..r
of Emanuel Evangelical Church. W.lliam H.
Klees and Dora Hettinger, both of Saa
Francisco.
RODENBACK — BANKS — In thfs city. August
23, by the Rev. John Stephens. Frederick,
Rodenback and Linabelle Banks, both of Saa
Francisco.
VOLKMANN— BRUNT— In this city. August
28. 1904, at Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
E. Fred Volkmann and Lilian J. Brunt, botn
of San Francisco.
WEISS — NEUHAUS — In this city. August 2«.
1904. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, pastor of
Emanuel Evangelical Church. Otto M. -Weiss
and Christine S. Neuhaua. both of this city.
DIED.
Barbie*. Stephen Macbeth. David N.
Brandensteln. Jane Maddaux. William C.
Brlttan. Rebe Marshall. George D.
Cannon. Thomas E. Nicholson, Richard
Cavagnaro. Fiorenzo Pflug. Clara G.
Church. Rev. Edward Phelan, Ceclle A.
Curley. Patrick Radelflnger, Frank G.
Dapelo. Hazel L. Rlchatieg. John H. F.
Evers, Ralph Schultze. Rudolph W.
FTannagan. Ellen Sorlch. Annie
French John G Snyder, Jacob
Glllio Joseph Thureen. Augustav T.
Hiles." Bert I. Titulfs. John
Koopman Elizabeth Wagener. Ruth C.
Lariglltz. Henry Waring, Bertha
BARBICA— In this city. August 26. 190 1.
Stephen, beioved son of Paul and Fran Bar-
bica. and brother of Kate and Mark Barb.oi.
a native of Austria, aged 5 years 3 month.*
and 24 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 1 p. m. from his late residence.
168 South Park. Interment Holy Cro*s
Cemetery.
BRAXDEXSTEIN— In this city, August 2fl.
1904. Jane, dearly beloved wife of Joseph
Brtndenstetn. and mother of Max. J.. Al-
fred J. Manfred. Henry U.. Edward and
Charles Brandenstein. Mrs. Flora Jacobi,
Mrs. Edith Jacobi. Mrs. Tillle Greenebaum
and Mrs. Agnes Silverberg. a native of Bor-
gentreich. Germany, aged 67 years and 8
months.
IC7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servK-fS
to-day (Sunday), at 9:30 a. m.. at her
late residence. 1901 California street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery by special
train, leaving Third and Townsend street3
at 11 a. m. Please omtt flower*.
BRITTAN — In this clty.August 27. 1904, Rebe.
beloved wife of Henry M. Brlttan. beloved
daughter of Mr and Mrs. Jacob Leviscn.
and sister of Henry M. F.. William. Horatio
S.. Hattie and Evelyn Levlson. a. native of
Sacramento. Cal.
C?"rhe funeral services will _« held to-
morrow (Monday), at 2 p. m.. at her lata
residence. 1S18 Post street. Funeral and in-
terment private.
CANNON— In this city. August 27. 1904.
Thomas E., beloved son of th© late Patrice
and -Mary Cannon, and brother of Hu;:i,
Esther. John and Ella Cannon and Mrs. E.
Kenner. a native of San Francisco.
CAVAGNARO— In Genoa. Italy. July 21. 1901.
Fiorenzo Cavagnaro. beloved husband of
Madelina Cavagnaro. father of Christina and
Florenzina Cavagnaro. and brother of Carlo
M. Cavagnaro. a native of Italy, aged 50
year? 2 months and IS days.
E-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servic*"-
Sunday. August 28. at 1 p. m., under tha
auspices of Speranza Italian Lodge No. 219.
F. and A. M.. at King Solomon's Hall. Ma-
sonic Temple, corner of Post and Mom-
gomery streets.
Hartnagle Chapter No. 3, U. A. O. D. —
Members of above chapter will please as-
semble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street, at
12 o'clock to attend the funeral of our lal*
brother. Fiorenzo Cavagnaro.
HARRY MENKE. Secretary.
CHURCH— In Pasadena. August 26. 1904. H-v.
Edward Bentley Church. Knight Templar,
priest of the Episcopal church and principal
of Irving Institute, school for girls In San
Francisco, born In Greenville, Miss., in ISM.
< Eastern papers pleaae copy.)
CURLEY— In this city. August 23. 1904. at
the residence. 432 Jersey street. Patrick, b^-
lcved husband of Mary Curley. and father
cf Sadie Curley. a native of Ireland, ag*_
44 years.
Division No. 17. A. O. H. In A.— The mem-
bers of Division No. 17. A. O H. In A , are
requested to attend the funeral of our lat»
brother, Patrick J. Curley. from hia late
residence. 4.'I2 Jersey street, on Sunlcy. Aug-
ust 23 at 9 a. m. By order
P. B. MAHONEY. Pres.
EDWARD POWERS. Sec.
DAPELO— In this city. August 23. 1904. Haz»!
L.. beloved daughter of Joseph and Marth*
Dapelo, and grandchild of Mr. and Mrj. L.
Dapelo and Mr. and Mrs. Tlmms. a native
of San Francisco aged 2 years 3 months and
1 day.
£_?¦ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 a m.. from the resident*
cf the parents. 5SB Converse street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EVERS— In this city. August 27. 1904. ftalpb-
dearly beloved and youngest son of Frank
A. and Irene Evers. and brother of Fr^nc
E. Evers, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months and 10 daj's.
FLANNAGAX— In this city. August 25. 1904.
Ellen, beloved wife of John Flannasa-.i.
daughter of Eli^n and the late Thomas Con-
nors, sister of Timothy. Norah, Annie. Knt'..»
and Julia Connors, Mrs. Daniel McSweeney
and Mrs. Thomas Welch, and niece of Mrs.
T. McSweeney. a native of Steeiton, Pa..
aged IS years and S months.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:45 a.Tn.. from her late resi-
dence. 15P»> Army street, thence to ; St.
Teresa's Church for services at*10:10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th •
rerose of her soul to-morrow (Monday) at
9 a. m.. at St. Teresa's Church. Friends 'an.l
acquaintances are invited to attend.
Pride of the Forest Circle No. 204. C. O.
F. of A. — Members are earnestly requ««ted
to attend the funeral of our late companion,
Mrs. E. Flannagan. from her mother's resi-
dence, corner of Army street and Pennsyl-
vania avenue, to-day (Sunday)
MISS J. PATTISON Chief Corn;).
MISS L. HURLEY. Secretary.
FRENCH— In this city. August 2«. 1904. John
Gessner. dearly beloved son of Joseph an i
Frances Ann French, a native of Minnesota,
aged 14 years and C days.
ETTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Sunday. August 28. 1904. at 1:30 p. m. at
the residence of his parents. 10CO Capp street,
corner of Twenty-flfth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral car
GILLIO— In this city. August 27. 1904. Joseph
dearly beloved son of Mary and Bartle
Glllio. brother of Botti J. Glllio. and grand-
son of Mrs. Valenzlano and Mr. and Mrs
Burns, a native of San Francisco aged 1
year and 3 months.
C-TFriends _nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday
August 29. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.. from his par.
ents' residence, southwest corner of Mont-
gomery avenue and Bay street. Interment
Italian Cemetery.
HILES — In this city. August 26, 1904 Bert 1
Hlles. beloved eon of Julia Lockhart an.1
brother of David and John Hlles, a native
of California, aged 33 years.
KOOPMAN — In this city August 23 1904.
Elizabeth, .beloved wife of ' the late 'Henry
Koopman. and beloved mother of Frank
John. James and Mary Koopman Mrs J
Do'.an and the Iat9 Thomas Koopmari. a
Continued on rage 48. *.* t: -
HENRY J. CALLACHE*? CO.
(Successors to Flannagan St Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgrv
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM ERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. . Henry Hansen. I
JAMES McGINN & CO.. 1
Formerly With McGinn Bros. I
Funeral Directors and Embalmers I
Eddy st. Tel South_576. |
F. J. Monaban, Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARAfc CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS XST> EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission at., near Nineteenth.
San FraaoUco.j EASTEBX MARKETS. |
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market. was steadv*
Creameries, 14@18%c; dairies, 12%@16c. Eggs,
inal; no Itians. Time loans were slightly firm
er EJxtr <3ay«. 2. per cent; ninety days. 2%
per- cent; eix . months. 8% -per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3%<SN per cent. Sterling
exchange vm weak, with actual business In
. bnnherc' bl!!s at $4.8705 for demand and at
f4.W fcr sixty-<lay bills. Potted rates, $4 8C{f
4 (&%. Commercial bills. $4 81 J /i&4 61%. Bar
slli-er. CC'ic. Mexican Cellars OUc Bonds —
Ccvcrnmccts, steady; railroads, easy.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27. — Money on call nom-
Nezv York Money Market.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 3502 60; Pea $3; But
ters. $2 75<S3: small White, $2 9003 10; large
White, $2 30@2 55; Pink. $3 40@3 50; Red $4-
Lima. $3 C5@.J 75; Red Kidneys, $4 25; Black
eyes. $2 S5&2 50 per ctl; Horse Beans. $2 25.
¦ SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal ; . YeMow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax, $1 90®2 25; Canary 6%
©7c; Alfalfa, 15@15%c: Rape, 1%@2%c; Timo
thy. 5% c; Hemp, 3%@a%c per lb; Millet. 2%
©3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per ton
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 25; new dreen
Peas. ?2®2 25 per ctL
¦•¦¦'" ! ' •
Quotations . remained unchanged yesterday,"
but the feeling was steady all along the line.
Lima Beano are very strong, with buyers re
ported eager -for supplies at $3 60 down south.
The few lots of new . Blackeye . and Large
White thus f£r sold show maintenance of pre
vious values. . .
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9c: light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 8%c •¦ for light;
Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c:
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hides 16%c; dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 259
40c each; short Wool. 40@65c each; medium,
75690c; long Wool. $101 50; Horse Hides, salt
$2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium, $1 25
@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium $19
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins —
Dry Mexican. SOc; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Cent/al American, SOc. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; extra large do, $1 25; large and
smooth. 50c; medium 35c; small, 20c
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4@4Uo per lb:
No. 2. 3%c: grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln and South
ern, 8@llc; Southern; 8@9c: Southern Moun-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady: winter patents $5tf»
5 20: spring patents. $4 20@5 60; straight/
$4 20@5 10: bakers'. $3 10Q3 bO: No. 2 spring
wheat. $1 1O©1 12: No. 3. $1 02®l 10- No *
red. $1 00%@1 07%; No. 2 corn, 52}4c; No' 2
yellow. 53%c; No. 2 oats, 3103184c: No 2
white, 83@34c; No. 3 white, 32@33%c; No 2
rye, 72 %c; good feeding barley. 42c; fair to
choice malting, 47@52%c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 18-
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 25; mess pork per bar
rel. $11 30<gU 40; lard, per 100 pounds. $6 S0@
0 82%: ehort ribs sides (loose), $7 30; short
clear sides (boxed), $8 25@S CO; whisky, basis
of high, wines. $128; clover, contract* grade,
$12 SO. * ' I *
Articles— . Iteceipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 19,700 14,200
Wheat, bushela 154.000 . 37,300
Corn, bushels ....'..........243,000 24.0CO
Oats, bushels 356.700 64 000
Rye, bushels 11,000
Barley, bushels 10,500 3,200
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Yesterday was another day of excessive re
ceipts, footlns up 1485 tons, including 83 cars.
While the market continued depressed, some
of the trade seemed to think that the bottom
had i>cen touched and that the demand would
improve before lone-' It will take some time
yet. however, to get the market fully straight
ened out. -: .
There is nothins new In Feedstufts.
BRAN— $21«?22 per ton.
MIDDLINC5S— $24@20 per ton.
SHORTS— *21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley $23<S23 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50®3a 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22@23; Corn
Meal, $30 50(331 50; Cracked Corn. $31<S32;
Mixed Feed, $22022 BO; Horse Beans $30©40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $S@12 60, with $18@13 50 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. $8@12; Oat. $7 60®
10 50; Barley and Oat. $7©9; Volunteer Wild
Oat. $6 5003 SO; stable. $768 50; stock $607:
Clover $7 60@9 50; Alfalfa. $7Q10 60 per ton.
STRAW— 35@65c, per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Common grades of Bacon hav« been marked
up %c per lb. Hams and Lard remain un
changed.
The Chicago market was weaker. '
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 13%c for light,
14c for ' extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. 10'ic; Bellies, UUc;
Eastern sugar - cured Hams, 14c; Cali
fornia Hams, ISoS Mess Beef, $10® 10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess. $11011 50; Family. $12@12 50;
prim* Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear, $24;
Bless, $18; Dry Salted Pork. !>%c; Plgr Pork.
$20; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half-barrele,
pure. 0%c; 10-lb tins, lOtfc; 5-lb tins. 10%c;
3-lb tins, 10%c.
. COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; thre«
half barrels, 8 Vic; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7 Tic per lb.
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 SO®
5 10, utual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70(§5:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 S5S4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do $3 60;
Oat Meal, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy.
$:i 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats. bbls. $6 50@7 50; in
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
boxes, '$5 COj Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FRUITS — New crop— Apricots, 7%@0%c for
Royals and 9® 12c for Moorparks: Nectarines.
5 a :®7c- Peaches. 668c per lb; Pears 8©10c;
Plums 'pitted 636%c for black 7%©8%c for
red and 7@8%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks 62%c; 3-crown, 65c; 4-crown. 65c; 6
crownl 75c; bulk white, 3%@3%c; black. 4c
Evaporated Apples. 6%@7%c per lb.
PRUNES — l%@2c per lb for the four sizes.
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. pricea Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 3-crown,
3c* 2-crown. 2%c; Malaga, loose. 3-crown.
•>%c- 2-crown. 214c; seedless Sultanas, 3c;
seedless Muscatels. 2^c: Seeded Raisins. 16-oa
cartons fancy, 4%c; choice, 4c; 12-oa cartons,
fancy 3ftc : choice, 3%c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%@14c;
No 2, ll%®12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c:
No 2 ll@ll%c: Almonds. 16@17c for new
Nonpareils, 14&14%c for I X L. 13014c for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Pea
nuta, 6@7c for Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Co
coanuts $4 60@5.
HONEY— Comb 11%® 13c for white and 10®
lie for amber;, water white extracted, 5%«J
6%c; light amber extracted. 5@t5c; dark, 39
* BEESWAX— 27©20c per lb.
According to " reports from New York the
situation In Walnuta Is undergoing some
change. The French crop is .turning out
shorter than last year, .while 8>»dropping of
the nuts tn Southern California threatens to
diminish the previous estimates of the out
put. The California crop of Almonds is placed
at. about 80 cars, and is said to be the small
est crop on record.
There la no further news regarding: FrulU
and Raisins.
Dried Frnits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Wants to Improve Street.
The Board of Works yesterday peti
tioned the Supervisors to set aside
from the urgent necessity fund a sum
of money to construct a sewer in and
macadamize Twenty-sixth avenue, be
tween Point Lobos avenue and A
street. The Commissioners re
quest that the work he done, as an en
gine-house is to be erected In the
block and no provision was made In
the budget 'for work in front of city
property.
"While chopping wood near Augs
burg, Germany, a boy named "William
Behr caught his ax against a wire
clothesline. At the same moment a
flash of lightning struck the line,
passed down the ax and killed him.
Miscellaneous Securities Sell Well
for Saturday.
Trading in miscellaneous securities was very
good for Saturday, both In bonds and stocks.
California Fruit Canners was lower at $97 25
and Pacific Borax higher at $156@156 50.
There were sales of Bank of California at $120
and Fireman's Fund Insurance at $310.
The oil and mining stocks remained about as
before. ~~
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 24,451 shares, valued at $18,875, the lead-
Ing tales being as follows: Apollo, 1000 shares;
Associated Oil. 9752 shares: Four, 2147; In
dependence, COCO; Monte Crtsto. 2100; Sov
ereign, 1100; Twenty-eight, 1050; Claremont.
600.
The output of the Ophlr mine last week
amounted to 135 mining- carloads of ore. as
saying $18 75 per ton.
Hanford Oil Company, at a meeting May 20,
voted to increase the stock from 2000 to 20.000
shares, and the next dividend will be declared
upon this basis.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Aug. 27—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES , BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 107% 4s qr cp new.1^2 132%
4s qr reg.. .107 107>i|3s qr coup. . .105*4105%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |Oak T Co es.118%119
Abso Oil Os. — — j Do 5s — —
Bay CPC 59.101% — | Do con 5s. — 103%
Cal C G 5s.lO2 102% Oceanic S 5s. — 75
Cal O & E g Om Cable 6<i.l22 —
m & ct 6b. 84 85 p a c G Im 4s. 93% —
Cal-st C Cs.112% — P E Ry 9s..lO4%105%
C C Wai 5s. — — P & C H 6s.lO3 —
EdL & P 68.122 — p & O R Cs.114 —
F & C H 6s.ll5 — Powell- st 6s. — 114
Geary-st 5s.. — 85 Sac EG&RSs. 99%10O
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s.H7% —
Do 5s 100% — I Sierra R 6s..l00ii —
Hon R T 6s.l06%107 S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — — (1909> .....107% —
L A Ry 5a..ll5%116Vi (1910) 108% —
LALCodj- — S P of C 6s .
Do gtd 6s. — — (lf>05)Sr A. 103% —
Do gtd 6s. — 103% (1905)Sr B.104% —
LAP lem 58.102 — (19C6) 106H —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll4 — (1912) lia<K117%
Do lem 5s.ll5%116 SPC 1 eg 5s.ll5*i —
MV& MtT5s.lO2 — Do stampd.lOOljlOOs;
NRR of C63.106 — S P B R 63.133 —
Do 5s IIS — S V Wat 6«. — 107%
N P C R 5s. — 105% Do 4s 2dm.lOO 100»i
N C Ry 6s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 90 —
N C P C 5s. — 100 I Do n mtg4s 98H —
N S R R ris.lO2V4lO2%IStkn G&E6s. 93 —
O G L&H 5s. — — I U G & E 5S.105 —
O W gtd 6s. — / 100 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 [Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 88 83%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 8%|S F O * E. 61% 61%
Mutual E L. — 12%|Stkn G A E. — B%
Pac L Co... 67% — I U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.300 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 L P & A — 155
Anglo-Cal .. 86% — Mer Trust.... 212% —
Bank of Cal.420 , 430 Merch Ex.... 50 56%
Cal 8afe Dp. — 160 S F Katlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2350 Sav & L So.. — 100
Hum S & L; — — Sec Sav Bk..3S0 4CO
Mutual Sav. 102 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.607% —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..193%2CA (Geary ......— 25
Presidio — 41
POWDER.
Giant 60% 61%|VIgorlt 8 5
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 56% 57 Makawell C. .28% 26%
Honokaa S C 14% 14U Onomea S C. — 29%
Hutch SPG 9%. 10 I'aauhau S C. 11% —
Kilauea S C. — 3%
MISCELLANEOUS. ~*
Alaska P A.122%123% Oceanic S Co. ,' V -
Cal F C A. — 88 Pao Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 80 80% Pac C Borx.156 —
MV4 MtTm. 06 — Pac S Tel Co.lOO 103
Morning Session.
L'card—
25 Cal Fruit Canners' Assn 97 25
110 California Wine Association... 80 00
50 Paauhau 3 P Co 15 00
10 Pacific Coast Borax 15« CO
5 Pacific Coast Borax 156 £0
20 S F Gas & Electric 61 50
10 Spring Valley Water Co SS 00
$1,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.. .116 00
$1,000 North Shore 5 per cent 102 50
$20,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). 109 SO
$5,000 Spring Val 4s <2d mtge) 100 CO
Street —
• 10 Alaska Packers' Association... 123 ©O
40 Fireman's Fund Insurance 310 CO
13 Bank of California 420 00
"^20 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 57 00
$1,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.... 118 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Aak. • Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6«. — 99 S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6a. — 117% S P Co 4%a.lOOU —
Cal NW 6s.. —.112% Sun Tel 6a... — 1W
M C Wat 58.100 — Do 4s 104 -C-
Rls I Wks 5s =- 105 Suttr-st R5s.l04 4-
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.— Wheat started out with
signs of strength, although there was nothing
of a seriously damaging nature In the early
reports of crop conditions. September was up
%@V«c at $1 OC<??1 06% and December %®%c
at ?1 07%©l 07%, and these figures wera
seemingly based on a %c higher curb market
at Minneapolis, together with improved Liver
pool cables. After the first few minutes the
Ui ar^t} , lost ._ lts firmness and declined to
?1 059 4 for the nearer months and to $1 06&
for the deferred delivery. The bears ap
parently held hopes of a reiteration of advices
from Manitoba of a crop in excess of last
year s. The market was very nervous and
traders were little inclined to take long
chances either way. The low prices brought
out gome buying and the rust news was Just
bad: .enough to keep the bulls confident S-d
lV*i%Z to $1 0tt% and December to
$1 07% before the next wave of profit-taking
i h *« k £ d the u P- tu m- September dropped t*
$1 04^ and December to $1 O6yi. Much of
the loss was attributed to the unloading of
long lines accumulated by the leading bulls
yesterday and on the uncertain temper of the
market there were many smaller sellers ready
to assist the decline. During the final hour
a calm settled on the pit and with the receipt
of bull news from Budapest relative to almost
total crop failure there and from Kansas City
where It was said that elevators were almost
empty and but little wheat was to be had
the close was steady, with prices fractionally
higher. Final quotations were: September
fl 06; December. $1 07%; each option Kc
over yesterday's close.
Corn receipts were heavy and still larger
arrivals are looked for next week. September
closed with a loss of %ftiy a c at ."-Ms.c.
In oats, as in corn, nne weather and pros
pects of heavier receipts induced general liqui
dation. September closed %@%c lower at 32c
Provisions were weak under the pressure "of
outside liquidation. September pork closed
27%c lower, lard was off 5®7%c and ribs were
down 7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows-
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat Xo. 2 —
Sept.. old ... 1 07-% 1 07% 1 06% 1 0 7X
Sept.. new .. 1 06 1 C6?4 1 04% 1 06
December ... 1 07% 1 O7«4 1 OflVi 1 07«4
May ........ 1 10 1 10% 1 08% 1 10 •
Corn No. 2 —
September ..53 53 r>2V4 B'»U
December ... 51% 61% 50^ 6 5t4
M o y at S No."2:~ 49T * 4 °* 48 »* < 8 *
September .. 32% 32% 31TJ ,v>
December ... 33% 33% 32% 33 K
May 3C 36 35% SOU
Mess Pork, per barrel —
September .:il 45 11 50 11 25 11 30
October 11 50 11 60 11 35 11 35
January ....12 70 12 70 12 42% 12 4">i4
Lard, Der 100 rounds — -^
September .. 6 85 C 85 fl 80 6 82>i
October 6 05 « 95 6 90 6 9°S
January 7 02% 7 02% 6 95 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September .. 7 30 7 30 7 22% 7 25
October 7 35 7 40 7 32% 7 32%
January 6 65 6 65 6 55 6 55
Future Grain and Provisions.
WHEAT — The week closed without much
change, either here or at Chicago. Continued
derangement of the wires by washouts Is keep- ;
Ing back the usual grain news from the latter
source.
Local cash and future quotations remain
about ns before, and both markets were quiet
yesterday.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40fff!l 47%; California
White Australian, $1 55®1 60: Northern
Club $1 40@l 47%; Northern Uluestem, ?l 52Vi
©1 57% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
, Open High. Low. Close*,
December ..$149% $1 GOV t $140% $1 SOU
BARLEY — Previous prices ruled, with light
trading in both cash grain and futures.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 05@l CS%: new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12%@1 17%; Chevalier. Jl 17%@1 30
per ctL
FUTURES:
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. ' High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 09% $1 tt)ijl $1 00 $1 00
OATS — The market was dull, featureless and
of a Saturday character yesterday, and quota
tions were unchanged.
White, nominal; Surprise. $1 50@l 60; Red,
$1 27%©1 40 for feed and $1 40«l 45 for seed:
Black. $1 30@l 25 for feed and $1 6001 60 for
seed. ¦
CORN — Thsre Is nothing new to report in
this grain. Quotations show little variation
from day to day, as the demand and supply
about balance.
Western sacked, $1 45@1 60 <pr Yellow and
White and $1 45@l 47% for Mlfed; California
large Yellow. $1 50@l 57%: amall round do.
$1 55@1 62%: White, nominal; Egyptian, $135 :
©1 45 for White and $1 25@1 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at $1 75©2 per ctL
Wheat and Other Grains.
' SF Drdk Sa — 113ti|UR of SF 4a. 84% M%
SF A NP 5a.llO% — I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. . . 2ft 30 | Lon-fe SF Bk. — -80
Cal Cot Mils SO — j Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal G&ECor. — 50 [Ner Nat Bk.l9"H —
C Jockey C1.110 113 | N S R R Co. 9% —
Cal Powder.. — 15i> | N Cal P Co. 9^, 9\
Cal Ship Co. — 25 I Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal T I & T.115 — I Oak T Cob.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak — €5 1 1OOF Hall A « —
Chutes Co .. — "HiOrpheum Co.. — 15 :j
City & C Bk — 120 I PacC Caa Co. l"0 —
Cyp L Imp. . — 6% I Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Eaat Dynm..25O — Paraf Paint.. 3S —
DpntPwd pfd 75 80 S F Drydock 60 —
Do com .. — 50 SF&SJ Coal. 17% 20tf
FN Bk Oak.120 — |3 J Wat Co. lOHVa —
Fischer Thtr 40c 65c I SO & MTtbt.123 —
Frnch-A Bk.103 111 I Swiss- A Bk. .US —
Gas Con A.. — 20^! Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. 24% 28 I UR InC pfd. KJ34 —
Do pool .. — 28 I Do com ... 13% 15
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stock— Bid. Aske.1.
Alma 1 0<>
Apollo 46
Associated Trust Certificates • 19 20
California Standard 1.1
Caribou 4 50 5 00
Chicago Crude 2O
Claremont SS 9O
Four ." 61
Fulton 1 25
Hanfora 167 00 173 00
Home 1 30
Imperial IS 00
Independence 30
Junction 04 ......
Kern 50O
Kern River 12 00
Monarch of Arizona 24
Monte Cristo 60
Occidental of W. Va C5
Oil City Petroleum 66 5»
Peerless 13 CO
Senator 60
Sterling- 2 40
Superior 04 05
Thirty- Three 8 23
Twenty- Eight 9 00 10 00
Associated Bends 89 00 73 00
MISCELLANEOUS.
California Jockey Club 105 00 125 00
Chutes Company 7 0O
Fischer's Theater SO "O
Northern California Power.. 9 37% 9 75
Trockee Electric 11 50
SALES.
(Morning Session.)
1C0O Independence SO
1400 Monte Crtsto 60
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 66! ICO Mexican »>
100 Caledonia 67 000 Silver Hill B4
1 SCO Con Imperial. 02 500 Silver Hill.... fci >
200 Justice 12
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclfto
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 24| 300 Gould * Car. 23
200 Caledonia .... 66! 3C0 Mexican 90
1500 Con Imperial. 02| 200 Ophlr 2 50
200 Crown Point.-. 1S| 300 Potosl 17
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following- wera the sales on the San Fran-
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2000 Esperanza ... C2|3000 Red Top 19
100 Mont Ton... 2 35J40CO Rescuo 09
10O Mont Ton.. 2 32%) 900 Ton Midway.. 4o
200 Mont Ton ...2 30J 1C0 Ton Midway., 4t
2000 Paymaster .. 04! 3000 Ton N Star... 27
20CO Red Top .... 18|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. An*. 27—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 15 17t Justice I2 1:
Alta U 14|Kentuck — ft:
Andes 20 221 K. Graessler. . — 75
Belcher 23 24| Lady Wash ..04 C«
Best & Belch.1 00 1 10: Mexican M oa
Bullion 31 32i Occidental .... 80 85
Caledonia.... 6tf 67 1 Ophlr 2 SO 2 05
Challenge ... 22 23! Overman ..... 23 24
Chollar ltt 17i Potoal 17 is
Confidence ... 65 75! Scorpion OH (f.t
Con Cal 4 V.I 15 1 30! Savage 22 Z.I
Con Imperial. 02 O3| s»«ir Belcher... 12 i;t
Con N Y .... 01 02! Sierra Nev.... 23 "%
Crown Point.. 17 IS' Silver Hill. ... Ct 54
E. Sierra Nev 03 061 St. Loubi .... 10 —
Eureka Con.. — 50! Syndicate .... 02
Exchequer... 74 761 Union Con.... 39 tn
Gould & Cur. 23 241 Utah M <»•»
Hale & Norc. 58 60| Yellow Jacket 2O •»•»
Julia 09 10!
TONOPAH MTNE3.
Adams G M. CS CO! Quincy 11 _
Colehan — 03|Ray Exten .. — Oft
Columbia 1!> 22. Ray & O'Brien — CT,
Esperanza ... 01 021 Ray Ten 10
Eula Con ... — 30t Red Top IS "
Gold Anchor. 22 271 Rescue fln jo>
Goldfleld BAB — 17'Ton Belmont. . «1 «n
Gold Mln 86 90 1 Ton A Cal ..15 —
Goldfleld Mhk 2O 22 1 Ton Ex...l 07% 1 I7ti
Gold Mt Con. 01 02. Ton Fraction.. 25 ~ .
Jim Butler .~. 51 ffllTon ft Ot W. 02 — .
Little Ton .. "o 55; Ton Gold Mt. IS 19
Lucky Tom.. 05 —(Ton Midway.. 40
MacNamara . 40 — I Ton of Nev. 7 87'A 8 r.o
Mlzpah Exten — 30' Ton N Star. . 20 JS
Mont Ton ...2 25 2 3f>! Ton & S Lake 50
N T Ton .... OH 05' ITnlted Ton . . ©r»
Paymaster .. 03 04' West End ... — 13
Pine Grove . . 25 — I
Chicago Board of Trade. |
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Metals were quiet.
Little business was put through to meet re
quirements, but no important transactions
were reported. Prices generally were un
changed.
Copper. Jake and electrolytic, S12 5O#12 75;
castine. $12 25.
Tin. $27027 15.
Spelter, ?4 S5<54 95.
Lead, $4 20^4 25.
Iron, nominally unchanged from last quota
tions.
Nezv York Metal Market.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight P. — 4 88%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S9%
New York Exchange, sight .... — 07'^
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, s«r ounce — 56"g
Mexican Dollars 45 © 45
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 216
Berlin on London 20.46'4
Paris on London ...T 25.25ij
There were slight variations in Silver and
Exchange.
The steamer Sierra, due. at this port on Mon
day from Australia, will bring £350,C00 in
sovereigns, of which £200,000 are consigned to
the London. Paris and American Bank and
£150, CCO to the Anglo-Callfornian Bank, lim
ited.
Exchange and Bullion.
I LOCAL MARKETS.
I STOCK MAKKET.
SEATTLE, Aug. 27.— Clearings, $715,252;
balances. $1S6,213.
TACOMA, Aug. ' 27. — Clearings, $252 620
balance* S26.4S2.
PORTLAND. Aug. 27.— Clearings. $348,011;
balances, S67.312.
SPOKANE, Aug. 27.— Clearings, S260.004;
balances, $28,022.
Northern Business.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 50©2 75 per
box for' Valenclas; Lemons, $2 25^2 75 for
fancy, $1 25@1 75 for choice and $l@l 23 for
standard: Grape Fruit, |1 75@2 60; Mexican
Limes, K4 .">flif(5 per case; Bananas. $1 50@2 per
bunch for Central American and 75c@>$l 25 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples. $1 50@3 50 per dozen.
Liberal buying for shipment to Puget Sound
ports en the steamer . sailing to-day added to
the activity which usually prevails on Satur
day, and all kinds of orchard fruits moved off
freely at firm prices. Receipts of Peaches from
Californian shipping points were light, but the
two carloads which arrived- from Oregon on
the preceding day were on sale and cleaned up
at well maintained rates. Bartlett Pears were
firm for good hard shipping stock and ripe
offerings showed more strength. There was
continued firmness In Apples, and fancy offer
ings of all varieties cleaned up well. Grapes
showed considerable revision, and prices had
a wide range as to quality and size of pack
ages. Peaches and Pears in bulk were in good
request for canning account, and the light re
ceipts were quickly snapped up. The canning
prices for Bartlett Pears were ?25®30 per ton.
Clingstone Peaches were firm at $40®6O and
Freestones brought $20@25. The cool cloudy
weathtr checked trade In Watermelons and
they were quoted lower. Berries arrived freely
and were easy, except the best Blackberries
and Stra worries.
STRAWBERRIES — $2<&5 per chest for large
varieties and &<!?i0 for small Berries.
BLACKBERRIES— From Santa Cruz, $3@4
per chest; from other sections, $1 50@2 50
per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $7®9 per chast for Santa
Clara and $4(36 for Watson vi'le berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 8®9c per lb.
APPLES— ?1©1 50 per box for fancy, 85c
ft$l for choice and 50@75c for common; Crab
Apples, 60#75c for small boxes and $1 25@1 40
for large.
PEARS— Bartletts, R0cff$l 25 per box for No.
1. and 40@C5 for No. 2: Winter Nellis, 00c@|l;
cooking varieties, 50c per box.
PEACHES — Small boxes, 40@75c; carriers.
COfSTOc: open boxes. 75cJT$l.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50@75c per crate
and SS^SOc per small box; open boxes, 85c@$l.
NECTARINES — Red, 90cg$l per box or
crate; white. rcr box or crat«. •
QUINCES — 50c per box.
FIGS— Black. 40@6. r )C for small and $1 50 for
larre boxrs; White. 2S@5Cc per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. 75c@$l 25 per crate:
Nutmeg Melons, 36@00c per box; Watermelons,
$2 bWj .'{ r>er dozen for extra large and $l©2
lor ordinary.
GRAPE5— Small boxes and crates: Seed
les\ 40@65c; Tokay, C0@00c: Muscat. 00®75c;
Isabella, $1: Black. 25®e0c: Sweetwater,
2r>iJ?40c. Large open boxes: Black, 75@85c; To
kay. ?1@1 25: Muscat. S5c@$l 25; Sweetwater,
75S?S'>c: seedless. 65®7r>c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour, qr, sks... 2,€60|Wool. bales 349
Wheat ctls 8.009 Feed, sks 25
Barley, ctls 8,350! Hides. No 206
Oats, ctls 2.5S0: Pelts. No 225
Potatoes, sks ... 8.4051 Leather, rolls .. 208
Onions, sks 8021 Tallow, ctla .... 14
Bran, sks 1,485; Lime, bbls 3S6
Middlings, sks .. 920 Paper, reams ... 1,260
Hay, tons 1,407 Wine, gals 55,700
Hops, bales 29 Quicksilver, flska 47
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 27.
Receipts of Produce.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 27.—WHEAT—Unchanged
bluestem, S3'c; club. 78c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 27.— WHEAT— Shipping:
Walla Walla, 77c; bluestem, 82c; valley, 85c.
Northern Wheat Market.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 27. — Wool steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing. 25%@26c; light,
fine. 19@20c; heavy, fine, 15@16c.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearing* for the week Ju«t ended
*ere C23J8&U3, against $26,360.4(4 fcr the
ccrrcs>pon<l:ng week of last year, showing a
cieeresse of $372,256. The dealings far t h*
?jffle week in 1902 were J26.770.S57.
* Fruit Crop Summary.
Fruit crcp summary compile! from the tele
graphic reports to the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture for the week ending with
August 20:
New- England— Apples pood, except in parts
ff Uh(<de Island ani Connecticut, less drop
pi&S rejorted; pears, plums and peaches un
<vpij; berries plentiful.
New York— trujrar beets, grapes and apples
prorwisiflg: peaches and pears light.
Now Jersey — Grape rot spreading.
Penntylvanla — Apples fair to good; peaches
scarce; ether fruit abundant.
Maryland and Delaware — Tomatoes and corn
re;.cy for canneries.
Virginia— Arp!es scarce.
North Ca-olina— Much fruit rotting.
gorilla— Some citrus fruit isplitttng: plne
*PI"e. cane and minor crops doing well.
Arkar.:a» — Apples; fair; peaches good.
Tennessee — Fruits irt-nerally good
Missouri— Apples poor: peaches, "pears and
fiums fair; grapes excellent.
Il'.inois— Tomatoes, plums and grapes prom
ising: apples f= carce an j unrromising.
Injiana— Apple crcp light to fair.
, J- <sl VirBinia ~ Peache9 iair - aPTles rather
Ohio — Pears fair; plums pood.
Michigan — Apple*, peare and grapes continue
proralstrg.
\l iEcoasin— Sugar beets excellent; apples
Iowa— Apple crop doing fairly well.
K _•-.- - — Summer apples ripe; fair crop.
Oklahom* nni Indian Territories — Grapes
tpples. ix-ar* and melons giving fair to good
J'l-lus.
Montana — Good crcp of apples promised.
Cctorad»— Tomatoe* ripening; cantaloupes in
market; apple« very promising.
U*ah— Fruit and vegetables plentiful and
be.ru canned; sugar beets making good prog-
IFdshington Crop Bulletin.
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section <J1
rwtor. I*, s. Weather Bureau, for the Wash
ington Crot> Bulletin, week ended August 23.
it- as follows:
It has b5<>n another hot ar.d dry week.
"There Ha* U*n no rain In any locality since
lu* rsih day of July and very nule for over
a month, eor.s-quently the drought is begln
r::ngr to be «?rious,!y fe!t.- Pastures have be
cosne very tirv and short, so that cows have
to lx> fed hay to keep v.p their milk supply,
•iardens. exornt where artificially watered.
have dried jid bad'.y. Tne ix>tato crcp has
L-»-en very injuriously affected by the unui
ttvqr <!ry summer, and :t is not believed there
v.ill be above half the average crop. The
Cuelity. however, is excellent.
In the Sound country oats have riper.ed
ia™i<*-}y. and cutting i* in progress under fa
vorable conditions. The crcp will be fair.
Th« reoorts a.bout hCDH vary according to lo
<a!ity. In Yakima County, where they are
irrigated, the crop will be a good one. and
ricking will soon begin. In King and Pierce
« except nearest the mountains, where
there is nv^st moisture, the crop has been af
f.cted by the extremely dry weather, and the
<rop will be lees»-ned, in some instances cne
half. but the quality it- expected to be excel
lent. Vermin have aj:«ar-l and esme grow
« ts have Forayed twice. Melons, cucumbers
t matoes and fruits have done uplondldly this
K*a«on in the irrigated valleys. In the eastern
and central counties, not irrigated the fruit
crop has bocn lessened.
Wheat harvewtin* and threshing continues
with satisfactory progress. Reports from Wal
la County are ft a yield a little above aver
•age, eastern Whitman County above a\-erage
while in western Whitman. Adams Epo
fcarie. Lincoln and Douglas counties the yield
TV1..1 hf less than average, owing partlv to
June frosts and riartly to hot. dry weather
ir. the fillinc Be£§3n.
Ttut third cr«j of alfalfa is beinij cut in
the Irrigated valleys and in localities of the
weinern counties a second crop of clover is
r*ady to be cut. The dry weather has favored
the spreading of destructive forest fires They
were checked for a time, but the smolder
ing fires were fanned into menacing blazes by
the brisk winds on the ]'.»th.
Fruit and IVheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hour?, ending 5pm
320th meridian time. San Francisco. August 27:
S S O 2 S
6TATIONS. «||| | 3 |f« p
C £ Z • *
Cchisa &0 50 .... Clear .00
Eureka 5$ 52 N Cloudy .00
>"re«no 102 <:s NW Clear .00
Hanford 102 63 Clear .00
Hollister RS 41 V." Clear 00
King City K> 60" N Clear .CO
UvcnzMtt* -... S7 50 Clear .00
Log Angeles !K> fifi SW Clear' .<>0
Meret-d 100 C5 Clear 00
Newcastle Oi C5 W Clear .00
Newman &C Cl Clear .00
Palermo 94 55 .... Clear 00
Porterville 101 67 NW Pt.Cldy .00
ncd Bluff ye, 64 SE Clear .00
Riverside 89 C5 Clear .00
Hacramtnto P4 00 S Clear .00
Fan Diego S2 6S — Clear .00
Ran FrarxUco CO 52 W -Clear .00
s-an Jose S4 50 .... Clear .00
Kin Luis Oblepo .'.' &i . . W Cloudy .00
Fanta Maria 78 56 .... Clear .00
fr-'anta Rosa K2 44 .... Clear .00
Stockton NO 55 Clear .00
Willows <M :.:, S Clear .00
¦WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Palermo — Peaches about all harvested; crop
very rioor.
Willows — Crop conditions unchanged.
Liver-more— Hop ricking began at Pleaaanton
ye*tcrd«y.
Hanford — Few farmer* started picking
irapeg to-day: prunes ripening fast.
Stockton — Heavy shipment of hay to local
end «outh*rn market.
Rivet-fide — Fall potatoes looking well.
Hollieter — Orchardists very busy; fruit dry
lnr nicely.
Newman — Conditions aaire. ,
San Jo*e — Grapes reported heavy in places.
Santa Maria — Beans harvested so far show
light crop; all other crops more satisfactory.
. A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 4% 7 6%
Closing 7 4% 7 6%
PARIS.
Wheat — I Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 22 45 23 65
Closing 22 40 23 60
Flour —
Opening ....' 30 25 3115
Closing 30 35 31 20
Foreign Futures.
New York Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 5,100 81 60% SO',*
AUhison pfd l.oOO 98% 9S 9SVs
Baltimore & Ohio. 5,900 86% 86 86H
Bait & Ohio pfd 92' 3
Canadian Pacific... 900 126% 125*4 V2t>**
Cent of New Jersey 100 107 ?i 167% 167
Chrsajeake & Ohio 3.G00 38% 37«i 38%
Chicago & Alton 40
Chi & Alton i>fd *>0%
Chi & Gt Western.. 400 15 15 15
Chi & N W W0 IS" 1S6 186
Chi. M & P 37,200 154»i 152ft 154%
Chi. M & St P pfd 1S1
Chi Term & Trans. 200 7^4 7 7
Chi T & T pfd 2i»0 15% 15 15%
C. C. C & Sc L 200 78% 78% 78%
Colo Southern ,100 15% 15% 15
Colo Soutt 1st pfd. .: 48%
Colo South 2d pfd.. 200 20% 20*4 20%
Dela & Hudson 1,100 104% 164 104S
IX la. Lack t W... 200 273^ 273 273 Vi
Denver & Rto Gr 24%
Den & Rio Gr pfd. 100 75% 75% 75%
Erie 2.500 27% 26% 27%
Erie 1st pfd 500 63% C2% 63%
Erie 2d pfd. 100 39% 39% 39%
Hocking Valley ... 1,200 79 79 80
Hocking Val pfd... 900 S4" 8 S4% 84'*
Illinois Central ... 600 13S 137% 138
Iowa. Central 100 21 21 21
lowan- Central pfd. 200 41% 41 41%
Kansas City South 23%
Kan City South pfd 100 44 44 41%
Louis & Nash 1,200 121% 121U 121%
Manhattan L 154%
Metropol Securities 2.500 91 >i 90% 31
Metropol St Ry 2,700 123 122% 122%
Mexican Central... 1.3O0 12l£ 12 12
Minn & St L 55
M,S P & S S M 71%
M,S P & S S M pfd 12$
Missouri Pacific ... 5,300 J>6% 86% 36%
M, K &T 1,200 22% 22% 22%
M. K & T pfd 1,000 49% 49 4'J
Nat RR of Mex pfd 36%
N Y Centra! 700 122 121 % 122
Norfolk & Western 4.000 67% 60% 67%
Norfolk & W pfd 00
Ontario & Western. 600 31% 31% 31%
Pennsylvania 12,200 124% 124% 124%
Pitts. C. C & St L. 100 69% 60% 68
Reading 35.S00 59% 67% 69%
H*ad;ns 1st pfd... 100 84% Sl% 84%
Reading 2d pfd 500 74 74 74
Kock Island Co 4.400 25% 24% 25
Rock Ifland Co pfd C7%
6 L & S P M pfd. COO 59% 5^',i 59S
ftLSW 400 22V4 21% 21%
St L 3 W pfd 1.500 45% 44 Vi 45
Southern Pacific... 5.400 57 5«J% 56%
Southern Railway.. 3,300 2ST4 28% 2S%
Southern Ry pfd... tKX) 94»4 94 94
Texas & Pacific... 200 30% 30 30%
Tol, St L & W 2«> 2SU 2$ 2.%
Tc!. St L & W pfd. 600 43% 42Ti 4.{', 4
Union Pacific 11,000 90^ 00% 90-;
Union Pacific pfd 04'i
Wabash 18V*
I Wabash pfd 300 3S% 38% 3S%
Wheel * L E '16
V:=con«(n Central. 200 18^ l*^ ]»%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 200 41% 41 41%
Express Companies —
A 'iams 226
American 206
United States 121%
Wells-Fargo 235
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 12,300 57«4 56% 57%
Am Car & Foundry 400 18^ 18% 18%
Am C & F pfd 200 78% 78 78%
Am Cotton Oil 100 32 32 32
Am Cctton Oil pfd ' 01
Am Ice c%
Am Ice pfd 200 26% 26% 26.%
Am Linseed OH 300 14 14 14
Am Llr.eeed Oil pfd 85%
Am Locomotive. ¦ 600 30% 20% 20%
Am Locomotive pfd 89T«
Am Smelt & Rfng. 1,500 63% 63% 03%
Am S & R pfd 100 107 107 10*1%
Am Sugar Refining 400 131 131 131%
Anaconda Mln Co 78
Brooklyn R T 400 54 53% 53%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 36% <«}% 36
Consolidated Gas.. 800 195% 195% 195%
Corn Products 13
Corn Products pfd 67
Distillers' Secur. .. 200 24 23% 23*4
General Electric 164
Inter Paper 200 14% 14% 14%
Inter Paper pfd.... «0O 73 72% 72\
Inter Pump 100 31% 31% 31
Inter Pump pfd 77
National Lead 300 23 22% 23W,
North American 93%
Pacific Mail 200 29% 28% 29
People's Gas 200 102% 102 102VJ
Pressed Steel Car 32%
Pressed S C pfd 7t?%
Pullman Pal Car 216
Republic Ptcel 100 71^ 714 7%
Republic Steel pfd 100 43% 43% 43V4
Rubber Goods ig
Rubber Goods pfd.. IO0 81 81 79%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 200 44% 44.% 44%
U S Leather l.dOO 7% 7% * 7%
U S Leather pM... 700 86% 88 80%
V 8 Realty 500 62% C2 52
U S Rubber 18%
V S Rubber pfd... 200 75% 75% 7514
TJ S Steel l.SOO 12% 12 12i£
XT S Steel pfd 10.900 60 59% r»%
Westinghouse Elec 158
Western Union 89%
Total sales 211,700.
"UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK, Aug. 27.— No bond transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred bid
45%. aeked 45%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg-..105 L & N unified 4s.l01
Do coupon 105 Man con gold 4s.lO6%|
Do 3s reg 103 Mex Central 4s... el
Do coupon 1C5V4 Do 1st lnc 15Vi
Do new 4s reg.131% Minn"& St L 4s. 97
Do coupon ....132 M. K & Tex 4s... 100%
Do old 4s reg.107 Do -Ms 79%
Do coupon ....107 XR of Mex con 4s. 75%
Atch gen 4s 103% N Y C gen 3%s..lO0
Do adj 4s 04% N J C gen 5s 13."%
Atlantic C L 4*. 100% Nor Pacific 4s 105
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103% Do 3s 74%
Do 3>,£e 95% Nor & W con 4«.101%
Central of Ga Ss.110% OSL 4s & pnrtic. 95%
Do 1st inc 83% Pa conv 3%b 98%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7% Reading gen 4s... 100 .
Chi & Alton 3%s. 79 S L & I M con 53.110%
C. B & Q new 4s. 8"U S L & S F fg 4s. 85H
CM & BP gn 4s.lO9 St LouU SW lstg. 97
a & NW con 7».128>/4! Seaboard A L 4s. 81%
C. R I & Pac 4«. 73%|So Pacific 4 94%
Do col Ss..-.\ .. K5 So Railway 5a...n«'4
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.lOl% Tex * Pac lsts..ll»
Chi Term 4s 74 Tol. St I. &. W 4s. 77%
Cons Tobacco 4s. C7# Union Pacific 4s. 105%
1 Colo &So 4«.... 84 Do eonv 4s 104&;
Colo Fuel & Iron. 75% IT 8 Steel 2d 5s.. 7R?4
Den & Rio G 49.100% Wabash lsts 117'i
Erie prior Hen 4s. OSvAl Do deb B fil%(,
Do Ken 4 R6VII W & L, Erie 4s... J>IU
F W & D C l«ts.l<W% Wls Central 4s... 90
Hock Val 4%s...l03 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con -251 Little Chief 03
Alice SO Ontario 3 50
Breece W Ophlr '..... 2 TO
Bruns Con KtPhoenlx ....,„.... 14
Com Tunnel :... 10!Potosl 14
Con Cal & Va... 1 501 Savage [ jj>
Horn Silver 1 M) Sierra Nevada.... "s
Iron Silver 1 70! Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con ... 02| Standard j £ 0
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— U 8 Ste*l. ." 11 TC
Call loan* 233% Do pfd 5»«
Time loan* 3@4 Wenttng Common. 80
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4» 101% Adventure 1U
Do a<U ** W4 Allouez u*i
Mex Central 4s. .. 66% Amal Copper .... 57%
Railroads — . Amer ZIne J2' .
Atchison 8OTs Atlantic 12U
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 25@2Cc
for extras and 22@24c for firsts; dairy 19 j£
22c; store Butter, 15#lSc; Eastern creamery,
19%@20c; Eastern ladle-packed, 14@15%c per
pound.
CHEESE^ — 9@10c for choice mild new and
S@8Vic for lower grades; Young Americas, 11®
11 %c: Oregon. S@10e; Eastern, 10@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 32©33c, for laree white se
lected, 301T31C for choice and 27Q29c for com
mon; cold storage, 27@2Sc; store, 25®2«c;
Eastern, 25@26c for firsts, 21@22%c for seconds
and 19@20c for "takers".
Fine creamery Butter was reported well
cleaned up yesterday and the market was
firm. The lower grades were still dull.
Eggfl are showing Increased firmness, as
will be seen by the advancing quotations, and
in view of the larg-e Influx of strangers, owing
to the coming conclave of the Knights Templar,
the demand is expected to be unusually heavy
during the next two or three weeks. This, It
is anticipated, will result in still higher prices,
hence the market rules very firm. A good
many are being withdrawn from cold storage
and are selline as quoted below.
There is no improvement whatever in
Cheese, the market beins oversupplled and
weak.
Receipts were 19,900 lbs Butter, 677 cases
Eggs and 23CO lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
] Miscellaneous Markets. |
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet, with available supplies pretty well
cleaned up and remaining stocks firmly held.
Common are quoted at 4@5W,c: prime, 5%@
6c; choice. 6V4@6?ic; fancy, 7@7%c.
PRUNES — Quiet and unchanged with quo
tations ranging from 2c to 6>£c, acording to
description.
APRICOTS — In moderate demand for future
shipment, according to coast advices. The
spot market is quiet. Choice are quoted at
OMifrlOc; extra choice, lO'iiglOV-c, and fancy,
11913c.
PJ3ACHES — Firmly held, with extra choice
quoted at 9c and fancy at 9%@10c.
DRIED FRUITS
.^"E"' TORK . Au S- 27— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,100 barrels; exports. 12,400 barrels. Inac
tive, but firm. Minnesota patents, $5 9O@
6 40: Mlnesota bakers, $4 5O@4 85; winter
prtents. $5 2O®5 50: winter straights. $5@5 25;
winter extra. $3 45S4; winter low grades,
WHEAT— Receipts, 78.000 bushels. Spot,
steady. No. 2 red, nominal elevator, $1 («%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 northern Duluth. $1 25%
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened firm on higher
cables, broke under realizing, had a second
upturn on western bull support and then eased
off arain becauFe of improved weather con
ditions in the Northwest, closing barely steady
« %@%c decline. May. $1 IO%@1 13. closed
$1 10%: September closed $1 10%; December,
$.1 09-%«n 11%. closed $1 10.
HOPS— Steady. Common to choice. 1903
crop. 27<S35e; old, 7@13c. Pacific Coast, 1903
crop. 2JV330C.
HIDES — Quiet. Galveston. 20 to 25 pounds,
17c; California, 21 to 25 oounds, 19c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 rounds. 14c.
WOOL — Steady. Domestic fleece, 32@35c.
PETROLEUM— Steady. Refined New York,
$7 70; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $7 65; do
In bulk. $4 75.
SUGAR— Raw, firm. Fair refining, 3 ll-16c;
centrifugal. 90 test. 4Vic; molasses sugar,
3 7-lCc. Refined, firm; No. 6, 4.6Oc; No. 7,
4.75c: No.' 8, 4.70c; No. 9. 4.65c; No. 10. 4.80c;
No. H. 4.55c; No. 12, 4.40c; No. 13. 4.33c; No.
14, 4.33c; confectioners' A. 5.05c; mould A,
5.55c; cut loaf, 5.90c; crushed, 5.00c; pow
dcred. 5.30c; granulated, 5.20c; cubes, 5.45c.
COFFEE — The market for cofTee futures
closed steady, 5 to 10 points lower. Total
sa>s. 84,000 bacrs. including: August. 6.55c;
September. 6.55f?«.50c; December. 6.85®-6.9Oc;
March, 7.15fi?7.25c: May, 7.35@7.40c; July,
7.60c; spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice, 8%c;
mild, steady: Cordova. 0%@13c.
BUTTER— Firm. State dairy, common to
extra, ia@17%c.
CHEESE — Easy, unchanged.
EGGS — Firm, unchanged.
Nczo York- Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Aug. 27.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-houFe banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans $1,099,957,200
decrease -5117.200; deposits $1,207,302,800. del
crease $1,267,700: circulation $37,744,400 in
crease $109,500; legal tenders $81,622 200 de
e - 03 f^clr S0O: s P ecl< * 5277.57S.90O. 'decrease
J1,600.SOO; reserve $333,201,100 • decrease $1 -
084,600; reserve required $301,825,700, increase
$5«C,925; surplus $57,375,400, decrease $1,227.
675; ex-United States deposits $63,210,800. de
crease $.1,238,000. '
'Associated Banks' Statement.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In ICO-lb bass:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
Powdered. 8.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, '0c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6cr~ Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bags only) ; Confectioners*
A. 6c; Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c;
Golden C, 5.40c; "D," 5.30c: barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes 50c more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.50c; boxes, G.75c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 9c per lb. No orders taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%O
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7V4®7%c. according
to quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk,
13c: Pearl OH. In cases, 19%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star. 19%c- Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk.
16c; in cases, 22 %c; Benzine. In bulk. 13c: in
cases. 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 25c;
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
65c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10@l 12; Lucol 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases,
65@S0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, In barrels.
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian: extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
OH. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil 65c;
pure Neatefoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c'; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil,
40c; Salmon OH. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fi«h Oil, 35c; boiled Paint OH. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $3 50: Roslyn $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14: Welsh Anthracite Egg $13:
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton;
Coke. $11 50@13 per ton in bulk and $15 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 50 per
short ton.
BAGS — Grain Bags $5 15{?5 25: San Quen
tin. $4 75; Wool Bags. 30@32c: Fleece Twine,
7%c; Fruit Bags. 6%67%c for white and 7c
for brown Jute.
General Merchandise.
GAME — Wild Doves. 75c per dozen: Hare,
$1 25 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, |1 75@2
per dozen.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 15@17c per lb
for old and 24g.25c for young; Geese,
per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, $2@2 25;
Ducks. $4@4 50 per dozen for old and $4 50
@5 50 for young: Hens, $4 50@5 for small
and $5 60@6 for large; young Roosters, $:> 50
@6; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 60@l 50;
Broilers. $2 50@3: Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for
old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
Poultry closed the week firm, and as re
ceipts have been light during the past few
days the market was practically bare at the
close. All dealers are expecting a brisk de
mand during the ensuing week, and unless sub
sequent receipts are unusually heavy prices
are likely to advance. One or two cars of
Western stock will be available to-morrow.
Game was in moderate receipt and cleaned up
well.
Poultry and Game.
Wall street stocks firmer and Cotton weaker. '
I cry fair trading on the local exchanges.
Slight fluctuations in Silver and foreign Exchange.
Local bank clearings slightly under those of last year.
Australian steamer expected to bring $1,750,000 in gold to-mor^
Wheat and Barley quiet and not materially clianged.
No changes in Oats, Corn or Rye.
Hay still coming in heavily. Fccdstnffs in moderate supply.
Lima Beans firm and in active demand in the south.
Butter iirm, Cheese weak and Eggs advancing.
French Walnut crop beginning to sltow a shortage.
California Almond crop remarkably light.
Common grades of Bacon advanced. Hams and Lard unchanged.
Veal in tighter supply and higher. Other Meats unchanged.
v Potatoes weak, with a large surplus unsold.
Onions and Vegetables in liberal supply and weak.
Poultry firm, with a bare markei. Game stcadv.
. Fresh Fruit in good local and shipping demand.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS
_, D ° P« MttlBtngham 2fl>i
Boston & Albany. 240 Calumet & Hecla.510
Boston & Maine. 160 Centennial 26
Boston Elev 151% Copper Range .,.53
titchburg pfd 137 Daly West 13U"
Mex Central . 11% Dom Coal ... 51*4
N Y. N H & H..1SO% Franklin tC 8',i
Pore Marquette. .. 74 Grancy 3
Union Pacific 99% Isle Royals 16%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 3%
Amer Arge Chem. 14% Michigan 4%
Do pfd 80 Mohawk 43*4
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 4V4
Amer Sugar 131 old Dominion ... 13%
Do pfd 133% Osceola 70%
Amer Tel & Tel. 138 Parrot 25 Vi
Amer V.'oolen ... 13^ Quincy 86
Do pfd 80^4 Shannon V.%
Dom Iron & S... wy t Tamarack 101
Ed Elect Ilium... 2C0 Trinity 7*1
Gen Electric 163 US Mining 21%
Mass Electric 13% U S Oil 10%
D o pfd 61 Utah 42
Mass, Gas 43 Victoria 3
United Fruit 106 Winona 10
Ln Shoe Mach... 50 J Wolverine 86
Do pfd 30UI
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF — 5@7c for Steers and 4J23o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 6®Sc; small, 8®0c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 707 %c: Ewes. 9O7a
per lb. •
LAMB— 8%©9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6@8c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered tn San Francisco, leas 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%©7%c; Cows and
Helfeni. 5%66%c; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — 4©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%«J3%c; Ewes. 3Q3Kc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 C0@2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4%c:
200 to 250 lbs, 4%c; 130 lbs and under, 4%c;
over 250 lbs, 4 Vic: soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows. 20 per 'cent off; Boars. 60 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
Large Teal Is quoted higher and rather
scarce. Otherwise there are no changes to re
port.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
firm at mark, cases Included, 14<£@16*ic.
Cheese, firm. 8@9c.
# — — : — *
1 PATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS. \
# _ *
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts.
500; steady; good to prime steers, $5 50@6 10;
poor to medium, $.3 50@5; stockers and feed
ers, $2@3 00; cows. $1 25@4 60; heifers, $1 75@
4 75; canners, $1 25@2 25; bulls. $1 75@4 10;
calves, $3 50® 0 50; Texas fed steers, (2 50®
3 50; Western steers, $2 00@3 70.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 10,000; Monday, 35,
000; market steady; mixed and butchers, $5 15
<!;'"• 65; good to choice heavy, " $5 40® 5 65;
rough heavy, $4 6505 15; light. $5 80@5 70;
bulk of sales." 55 35®5 50.
SHEEP- Receipts. 2000; market steady;
Iambs steady to strong; good to choice weth
ers, $3 50®4 25; fair to choice" mixed, $3@3 75;
"Western sheep, $2 50@l 25; native lambs, $4 25
@G 40; Western lambs, $4@5 80.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 27.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 300: market unchanged.
HOGS — Receipts. 3000; steady; bulk $5 25®
5 35; heavy. $5 J6@5 30; packers, $5 20@5 40;
pips and llEht, $5 20@5 45. -
SHEEP — Receipts, none; nominally steady.
Omaha, v
OMAHA. Aug. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts, 500;
nominal and steady.
HOGS — Receipts, 6300; market shade strong
er; heavy, $5 10©5 25; mixed and butchers.
?5 20@5 25; light. $5 25@5 30; pigs, $1 50®
5; bulk, $5 20@6 26. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500; steady: "Western
yearlings. $3 65@4; wethers, $3 40@3 75; com
mon and stockers, $2 50© 3 65; lambs, $4@5 40.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Aujr. 27.— Cotton futures
opened steady; August. 10.60c; September,
10.60c; October, 10.50c; December, 10.50c;
January, 10.52c; March, 10.04c; April, offered
10.65c; May. 10.63c Closed steady; August,
September, 10.74c; October, 10.59c; November,
10.60c; December, 10.62c; January, 10.C3c;
February, 10.65c; March, 10.67c; May, 10.72c.
Spot closed dull; middling uplands, 11.20c;
middling jrulf, 11.45c. No sales.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 75c@$l 25 per
sack or crate; Green Peas, l%@3c per lb;
String and Wax Beans, lQ2c per lb; Lima
Beans, 2%@3c per lb: Tomatoes, 20@-A0e
per box for river and 50@65c for bay; Summer
Squash, 25@35c per box: Cabbage. 75c per ctl:
Carrots. $1 per sack; Cucumbers. 20@35c per
box; Pickle Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic, 4©
4%c per lb; Egg - Plant. 25@40c per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra, 25@40c
per box; Green Peppers, 25@40c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash. $15<g20 per ton.
Conditions and prices In the Potato market
showed no change from the previous report and
the market closed weak, with a heavy surplus
of river Burbanks unsold. . Sweet Potatoes ar
rived freely from various sections and ruled
weak. Onions were easy, with some dealers
shading- quotations to effect sales.
Changes in miscellaneous vesetables were
slight. Green Corn did little better and oc
casional sales of strictly fancy stock were
reported at a small advance over the outside
quotation. Lima Beans were In Increased sup-'
ply and prices had a fractional decline. The
other vegetables were in free supply and weak,
as a nile.
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river,
from 60c per sack to 85c perctl; Salinas Bur
banks, $1(6' 1 25 per ctl; Early Rose, nomi
nal; Garnet Chiles. 75<385c; Sweet Potatoes.
l%@2c per lb.
ONIONS — $1@1 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
tain. 9@llc; Middle Counties, free, 12O14c;
do. defective, 10@12c; Northern free, 12914c;
do, defective. 10012c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino 14@15c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 20@24c per lb. The few
old crop left here are held at 25c for choice.
.... . i* 0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAILL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
AUCTION SALES
At Auction
150 Head fc* £* 150 Head
By order of Frank Prior of EarlerilK Mo-
doc Count*. I will aell ISO head of BROKEN
AND UNBROKEN HORSES AND MARE3
; direct from his ranch. They are all g-ood «ol!d
' colors: weleht from 900 to 1OTO pounds and
from 4 to 7 years old. The horses can be seen
any time at yards. They must and win ba
sold to tne nig-hest bidder. Sale takes place
Thursday, September 1, at H o'clock at th»
International Sale,s Yards, corner Twelfth and
Harrison sta. 8. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
£* £* , &*
Auction sale TUESDAY, Aur. 30, 11 a. m..
at 1140 Folsom, of wagrons, surrers. campinc
outfits, rubber tlrea and carts, and also 40
sets of singls and double harness and 25 head
of all purposed horses.
V. H. U. "WOOD. General Auctioneer. 16 City
Hall square— Grand sale. MONDAY. 29th Au-
gust. 2 p. m.. at salesroom. Indian curios.
burnt leather goods, china, whips, notions, dry
goods (all new), and furniture. 3e« Monday'*
Chronicle. Phone Folsom 4O4X On view Mon-
day morning.
, APVBRTISEMEXTS.
||M m lj "~
NEW YORK.
Telephone Call 3177 Broad.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone Call Main 3070k
E. F. HUTTON & GO.
BanKcrs and BroKers
/ MEMBERS
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE.
NEW 'YORK COTTON EXCHANGE.
NEW YORK COFFEB EXCHANGE.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Stocks, Bonds, Cotton, Coffee,
Grain, Provisions
XXOHABD X2. KXTLCAHY, MAS AOEX
SAW PXASCZSCO
490 California Street
BAN FRANCISCO.
33-35 New Street
NEW YORK.The Very Rev. Dean Lenihan of
Marshalltown, Iowa, is to be the first
Bishop of the new diocese of Great
FAllfl, Mont.
TARIS. Auk. r". — Fantin Lateur, a
prominent painter and. companion of
Carot, Millet and Whistler, died sud
denly to-day.
In a speech before the American
Mining j Congress in Portland Pence
made remarks .held to have been in
sulting to Utah women. This, is is be
lieved, determined Porter, a non-
Mormon, to press the suit. .
' SALT LAKE. Aug. 27.— Former
Congressman Lafe Pence of Colorado
is charged with having obtained
money under false pretenses by Sam
uel Porter, a hotel proprietor, of Salt
Lake, and officers at Portland, ,• Or.,
have been requested .to arrest Pence.
. The complaint alleges that Pence
cashed a sight draft for $90 at the ho
tel on July 13 and that the National
Bank of Lewiston, Idaho, where
Pence now lives, refused to honor the
draft.
Warrant Issued for the Arrest of For-
mer Congressman From
Colorado.
SALT LAKE BOXTFACE
ACCUSES IiAFE PENCE
One shin, according to the official
reports just received at the Navy De
partment, averaged 3.15 knots # per ton
of coal and another only 2.4*0 knots
per ton. Of the two ships in this
pquadron it was found that one was
consuming CO rx-r cent more coal than
the other because of the fact that the
former had not been docked for near
ly a year and her bottom was in con
sequence no foul as to hinder her
;»rogress.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— As a re
sult of certain facts, developed by the
< rtiise of the North Atlantic battleship
squadron in European waters. It is not
unlikely that it will be found neces
sary to dock battleships oftener than
once a year.
Squadron Crnt«e Shows That Men-of
*%ar Should Be Docked Oftener •
:_.."¦¦ Than Once a Year.
FOUL BOTTOMED SHIPS
BURX TOO MUCH COAIi
When a man is working for himself
he doesn't have to employ a time
keeper.
In the long-didtance f^ycasting com
petition at Stow Lake yesterday H. C.
Golcher sent out 130 feet of line. J. B.
Kenniff was second with 126 feet. This
morning the members will dedicate the
new clubhouse on Stow Lake, Golden
Gate Park, with appropriate ceremo
nies. Luncheon will be served at 1
o'clock.
Flyensters in- Action.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1904. '
48
Army and Navy Parlor No. 207 N. S G.
W. — Officers and members arc hereby or-
dered to attend the funeral of our !at«
brother. Harry S. Greenwell. from Chri-t
Church. Alameda. Take 11:00 broad gau^o
from San Fruncisto. Finn for non-attend-
ance. M. T. SHEAHAN, Pres.
W. L. COFFEY. Sec
The family of Dr. Louis Bush d»cerfs->ci.
extend thanks to their friends, also members
of Concordia LcxJge. I. O O. F.. for sympa-
thies bestowed during their bereavement
ELIZABETH BUSH.
CARD OF THANKS
of Paul H. Wagener. (Sacramento and Pa-
clnc Grove papers please copy )
ETInterment at Pacific Grovs on arrival
of train leaving San Francisco at 9 a m
August 2S. "
W «- KI . NG ~ Ia London, England. Bertha
\\ aring.
DEATH NOTICES,
Continued From Page 46. '-¦' .
native of County Westmeatb, Ireland ; aged
67 years. • - ; ....'•_ . , ¦
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August 29. 1904. at 9 a. m.. from 'her late
residence. 1507 Ms Franklin street, thence to
St. Mary's • Cathedral. Van Ness avenue,
• where a requiem high mass' will be cele-
brated for the repose of her 1 soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
; Cemetery.
LANGLITZ— In this city. August' 25. 1904.
Henry, beloved son of Mary Langlitz and
l&te John Langlitz, and brother of Mrs
H. • R. Schmuckert. ' a 1 native' <Jf Loulsvlllej
aged 44 years 11 months and 23 days. ,
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-..
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 12:30 p. m., at the par-
lors of Edward Cagtagnctto &. Co. G43-645
Vallejo street; between Stockton and .Mont-
gomery avenue. - Interment Cypress . Lawn
Cemetery. . .
MACBETH— In this city August 26 190*
David N.. husband of the late Amanda Mac-
beth, and father of Frank D. Macbeth and
Mrs W. I. Day, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged .1 years 9 months and 0 days.
' rCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend : the funeral to-flay
(Sunday), at 2:30 p. m.. at the chapel" of
the I. O. O. F.- Cemetery. r , _%-.,."
MADDAUX— Drowned at Lodl, San Joaquln
County. Cal.. William Condlln Maddaux. a
native of Illinois, aged 26 years.
MARSHALL— In thl« city. August 27. XB04.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. August 20. 1904. at 2 p. m at
• Pioneer Hall. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery via. electric car from . Eighteenth anJ
Guerrero streets. Remains at the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company -JOS
Powell street, near Post.
THyREEN— In this city. August 27 1904
Augustav T., beloved husband of Helen Thu.'
reen. anil father of Viola Isabel Thureen a
native of Sweden, aged 47 years 4 months
and 12 days.
TITULIS— In the City and County Hospital
August 26. 1904, John TituUs, a native of
Greece, aged 41 years. '
WAGENER— In this city. August 28, 1904
Ruth Catlin Wagener. dearly beloved -wile
Officers and members of Beulah Chapter
No. 99. O. E. S.. are requested to assemble
at the Chapter Hall. Railroad and Fourteenth
avenues, to-day, at 1 p. m.. for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late brother
Rudolph Schultze.
MARY TODD. Secretary.
SORICH— In this city. August 26, 1904, Annie
beloved wife of Anton Sorlch, and mother of
Mrs. William H. Taylor. Amy Hughes and
M George Sorlch.
"(CTInterment private. *
SNYDER— In this city. August 2G 1904
Jac 2 b o , fcnyder '« a native, of Pennsylvania,
aged 85 years 2 montJH and 23 days (Phila-
delphia papers please copy.)
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 28, at 1 p. m.. . from ' his late resi-
dence. 1138 Fifth avenue South, thencp to
Masonic Hall, corner of Fourteenth and
Railroad avenues. South San Francisco,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212.
F. and A. M., commencing at 1:30 p. m.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
tCTFrlenda are respectfully invited to'at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday) at 9
a., in.,; from her late residence, 11 Van Ness
avenue, thence to St. Ignatius Church, where
m. rnoultra moss will ha celebrated tor tha
George D.. beloved husband of the late Mary
Marshall, loving father of William J.
Marshall, and son of the late Mary Doftus,
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years
• and 11- months. ' • .•.••¦ ,
¦ ICTFrlends and acquaintances. are- respect-
. fully Invited to attend the . funeral Tuesday,'
August 30, 1904 at 8:45 a m.. from his
late residence, 1621 Dolores ntreet, thence . to
St. Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem
high maes will be celebrated for. the repose;
of. his soul, commencing at. 0 ' a; ¦'. m. 1 * "Inter-
ment 'Holy Cross Cemetery. • •-
NICHOLSON— In this city ' August 26. 1904,'
. Richard Nicholson, beloved : brother of Mrs.
Mary A. Slater. Mrs. Sarah Lowe and Mrs.
Jane Fitton.< and father of Richard J.. Nichol-
son, a native of-" England, aged 39 years. <
CyRemalns at the mortuary chapel -of
•-.James Hagan : & Co.. '49-51 Duboce avenue
(formerly Thirteenth street)^ near ' Valencia.
PFLUG— In Frultvale. August 25, 1904. Clara
G. Pflug. beloved daughter.'of Herman and
Pauline Pflug, and sister of Regena. Her-
man. Eddie, Irene, Hugo and Gerhard Pflug,
a native, of Oakland, aged Q years 1 month
and 19 days. .
CrFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' services
Sunday. ¦ August 28, 1904. at 2. p. m., at the
residence of her parents. Twenty- third ave-
nue, near East Thirtieth street. Frultvale.
Interment Evergreen ' Cemetery.
PHELAN — In this city, August 26. 1904 Cecile
Aulalle. relict of the late Dr. Gregory J
Phelan (nee Du Rest Blanchet), aged 73
. years 9 months and 4 days..
repose of her bouI at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Santa Clara.
RADELFINGER— In Washington D. C. Aug.
ust 15. 1004, Frank Gustavo Radelflnger.
aged 31 years. (Eureka and Arcata papers
please copy.) ¦:'.,'. >"'..'
RICHSTIEG — In Frultvale. August 20. 1004,
• • at the German Altenheim, John H. R. Rich-
atleg; a native of Germany, aged. 67 years..
1 C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow , (Monday), at 2 p. m. at the
parlors of Henry Evers, SC5 Washington
. street. Oakland. Cremation at Oakland Cre-
matorium. ¦, ¦
SCHULTZE— In South San Francisco August
24. 1904.- Rudolph W., dearly beloved hus-
band of Eliza Schultze. father of Ethel and
Chester Schultze, son of Eliza and the late
August Schultze, and brother of Mrs. Al-
bert Danielson and August H., William F.
and . Albert W. Schultze. a native of San
/Francisco, aged 35 -years 0 'months and 14
- days. > A member of South San Francisco
Lodge No. 212. F. and A. M. ; San Francisco
Chapter No. 4, R. A. M.. and Master Mar-
Iners' Benevolent Association.
, The ¦ gates are open, dearest Rudolph,
Waiting for thy stately form; '
'¦ Angels whisper to each other, .
See. his grand, fine spirit comes.;
• Yes, to meet his beloved father. .
Gone before to strew his 'path.' '
Death seems cruel, dearest Rudolph.
To have snatched you from your dear
friends,
But ln . hupible resignation
We • must bend to him who sends
For the good, the just and lovely.
Who on this earth should not remain.
But be Jn. heaven with his dear father.
. FROM HIS BELOVED FAMILT.
, cy Friends and acaualntancea asm resocct.
llALlvS. , HALKS. | HALE'S. \ HALE'S. ¦ | HALE'S. j_^ HALE'S. | HALES. ,
New 1 Orleans, we h^bec^n able' to WeMI Sel1 AU a Manufacturer ' s Stock of
They have come oxer 2 ooo-,miles and are now shown growing in our store. ''^^^^^^W^^%^^^\^ . At 25 fttld 50 Pef Ceflt LCSS
poaS, <vi in coi a j j y g • m '5w^»/«*>' w^'ts^r"^ • "^t^L *» $L 3j^ v . £, • ¦
They offer an instructive sUnt for those who haven't seen cotton ? T' x & There are only a few samples of each kind, therefore we can't
growing, and a familiar one to those who have fcil^S^ \ a -^ I - ifh f * ' mention prices. They will average 2> per cent to *0 per cent less
We want especially: to have the school children see them; see the W^\%sMry^0^^ !. ;-iS"^" p , \ „ iL j T r • i A i n> u
nature of the plant, how big and strong it is. It's only a six months' than WC COllld Se e SamC 8 m re^ ular stocks - !t s a beai >
growth. Cotton is planted, like corn, the seed is sown in April, and >MI™K^Pt^i*w< -f"^ u ' nc 0^' German' linens: cloths, napkins, tray cloths, fringed
about August the crop is' ready to be harvested. < Cotton grows in little '^^^^^^BmSBk^^^^ ( M& niok-inc; 1p-i rloihs oven linen sheets Exclusive "patterns but thp
pods, and when ripe the pods burst into puffy white balls. Then these are d$ ¦^m^Stgm^^t^ SW "^PKinS, tea CI0U1S, even linen sneeis exclusive pattern^, DUC tlV
picked and gathered jnd run through the cotton gin to separate the IV IMHbB^ >^^ V prices are inclusive. If you want beautiful linens, surely share these,
seeds from the fiber. I -. /£%, %k JHJBBff /f^S^\ It's seldom such an opportunity comes
. iiStS^i is /^^fe^JVL^S^^«^x'i%W\\c^^ J^^^^&n i 0 f c ? for " ia - They are c ? ut for the
took only eight d.ys from Stm JW^S^^ /^5f €^^M^^^^^J^)^i^Sf^W^^m^<mi'U & t0 " m ° rr0W - , Sh ° Wn In a
I- such variety, dainty pinks and blues, in those > '^^%T;S^^\* /.• f, M ' \ • \ X i ¦'*%£&"< ¦¦- \ /$$\0^^^^^^^^^^PlI^T ¦ r,\ !'$ S\ viiWbf£S£^\ 45 *^*£iJLdi^^$'$- curta '. ns * Silkolinc, lengths lon^ enough for comforter
season ¦•¦'•: see clearest the advantages this six- suitable for making up laundry or ?hoc bau-, l^Mn^e o-
store buying brines. They arc set forth strongly -- -¦¦'-' -%^^.^^^ box covcrin-s.
this week in this flannel at ioc yard, and " ViC^* 1 - -i' r^*-*-& J^ It's a bljy clean-up of all a mill's ends to make the
''its^^f^Mi^^^ Months of Preparation are Hidden in These . a^.^.iss^riar^vsjss-ys^f;
mrm quality ;,t£0c^ T* Single Portieres at Half
Knit underwear Rare Muslin Underwear Advantasres ™t^\< t «^> Am «; m^ aoi^
j t t f r.T , n , , > <^ same pattern. It s a manufacturer s sample line. They
Ana zvny you sno mai uy ax naics Though you won't stop to think of that when you see the thousands of dainty, snowy white garments all spread out on "f*] 1 in KOod sta P lc color3: tans « « rccn5 ' reds - some
Because oi the quality of the garments and the ?iii / jfl mixed.
splendid way they are made. Let the prices talk for tables On the second floor. # If you have a door that needs a portiere, or a louns*
themselves. . When you see the prices they are marked and how perfectly every garment is made, how dainty the trimmings are and have Yrlngel^^d^^'/^haj 1 / 3 s { larin € 1 th * E1 - Bo ™<*
At 5OC: ESS; an°d Ol cr n eam d Pants Tre ffi \ h ° W generOUS the USe of materials. ' . I Carpet dl . 25c _ InRraln " t. ln P w C o e ol and haTf woot
vests are finished do»-n the front with a cream satin Take the Corset Cover to sell at 8c. August. Maybe we heard of it. It's this store's purpose to gratify ?o Sc'ff S ° me splend ' d P atterns - worth *™™ M«
band. Pants h<ive French band of heavy sateen. i-i^it^ -uji-t- i • r if i • W -' BC eacn -
Af7 - women-s Onei ta union suits, fleece lined fuii LsikG the Drawers at z^c. , your wishes, and we have been thinking for a whole year on $2.00 i.ace curtain* at si-35—Xeariy 300 pairs. Soiled just
At /oc. fi r,i Shed seams, peati buttons, well finished Take the Gown at 2gc. Go through the whole list and we this plan and acting. That's most important. vNot a corner of have g b ee S n used ror^Si^ 1 *T& « frest \ « h , e^
around the neck and across the front with silk stitch- ,, . . . _./ . . , , ,f» ,. , A , y .. 1 1 . .1 - . >. 1 « . tt 1 » J!\! Deen . used ror store dlsplaj. Sl.aO ones at $1.10,
ing. can t pick out one value that is better than another. Though one the muslin underwear market that hasn t been scoured by Hale s. *Y cur * alns for 95c « Jlo ° curtains at soc, S5c cur-
At 35c: S^SS. 6 * veS 8 with jSS »"ay appeal to you the other will appeal to some one else. The Though' there are lots of corners that have been passed by. Sale Emr^\^ Ut sl.7S-Aii-wooi rugs m two sizes, patterns
eleeves. Pants with French band. 35c each. importance of the whole Occasion Will appeal tO all J the import- gOOdS mUSt be gOOd gOOdS. the same on each side, fringed on both ends. Oriental
61.50 each: i\ZT r^^C eS niturVt A s ?*y ts *nS ance of buying muslin underwear now. A window full of the garments you can see to-day. Now to and^orai designs; size eoxao. $1.75; .ixe 72x3« m..
cream. Vests have h'ieh necks 'and long sleeves. Fin- Maybe yOU wished aloud for a muslin Underwear Sale last the values. Tapestry Remnants at less than makers' prices In 1% yd
¦ ished around th«=" neck and down the front with shell . lengths, in the armure. gobelin and ottoman weaves'
r/a-S 1 ?o ' S 6 !^ ii 1^^ 111 Corset Covers at 1 4C yoke trimmed with lace insertion with row of Valenciennes lace inser- Skirts at $1.18— Regular $1.75 value. Just the thing for upholstering your ftirniture. From
pants to match, with hea\> sateen band. J1.50 each. WUr2>CL WUVCFb «l 1HL , J tlon and j ace edge t0 match- Tw0 sty les. in fine cambric, deep urn- 75c , t0 * 2 - 45 ' Just the time to hu V now - We helped a
At 50C each : 5' ome , n>s vests and pants, fleece lined. Three styles to choose from, made n(1 hemstitched tucks. Drawers at 43c— Two styles of line mus- brella flounce trimmed with embroid- maker clean U P his season.
ni c**^« • Egyptian cotton. Vests with high , „„„/ liU \r Oowns at S7c— Of fine cambric, with V- n n , with extra wide umbrella ruffle ery, four clusters of 12 fine tucks
r.eck. long sleeves. Ankle length pants to match, irom good cambric, with V neck, shaped neck, yoke of four Insertions of deep embroidery with fine tucks above, separated with four rows of A M* • 1 TP a
-pc each. tight-fitting, trimmed with embroid- of Valenciennes lace 18 hemstitched above. Another style with wide ruf- hemstitching. J\ iYlUSlCHl ¦ VGRT
At 39C each • Women's fall weight vests and pants. erv . a 1 so round and snuare necks tucks collar and cuffs trimmed with fie and two rows of lace insertion and Skirts at 31.47— That were J2.25. Four m*j«~v%* **wcil
• u, ,* Vests with high necks, lone sleeves. er > ' also round ana square necks, Valenciennes lace, bow of ribbon at laco edge to match. styles in fine cambric, umbrella P M '/»/e ,*,,*, dav /tie ».,,h
in white; a nice fine rib. shaped to the form, finished at trimmed with embroidery or lace, the neck. ¦ ; D rawerg ftt 47o— Made of the finest qual- flounce with five insertions of Nor- . ncciiais every ™*y mis ueeR
me e nr a t S Vrc tn ribbed CUffS - Pants to match - 50c gar- pcar i buttons. Regular 20c value. °™? a •* B9 £Z T V**t?™Zit°J «?£ vX Ity of soft finished muslin wide urn- mandy Valenciennes, lace with lace Every afternoon Miss Ethel Chrisman, B. M. f the
ment at 3jc. v * . brie. \ or low neck. Empire style, yoke brella ruffle of rich embroidery, six ruffle to match. Others with umbrella we H-known lvric snnranr. will Hft^n^ritP ,u P ,- n ., r
Corset Covers at I80— Of fine cambric. with 6 insertions of embroidery and 18 fine tucks and two rows of hemstitch- flounce of rich 12-inch . embroidery. =" K^ 1 } r Z! 1C « soprano, win demonstrate the four
£^« j u_ *yg\ short full front neck and arm holes hemstitched tucks, collar and cuffs ing above. hemstitched tucks above, extra dust son K "«s trom Annheuser Push in the music de-
Z5llCCrS 3.L OVC trimmed with embroidery, pearl but- wlth embroidery. Drawers at 59c— Of fine cambric, with ruffle, lengths 40 to 44 inches. partment, second floor, 2, 3 and 4 p. m.
' tons; regular 25c value. Gowns at 87c — 4 styles of fine nainsook. extra wide umbrella ruffle, row of lace —
UnbUaehei, s ; st 5fX9O »-wf "&'?%« oTfcX S^Vfe IS? £B JW?' * 4 Children's Underwear Some New Jewelry
Its a special price, it s a special sheet, a sturdy lace Insertion running across the neck embroidery insertion, collar and cuffs Children's Drawers at 12c— Of good soft w»» wttwuj
quality. Size 63x90 at 44c; size 72xoo at 40c: size and arm holes, trimmed with torchon trimmed to match. m muslin, finished with hem and three Prettier than we can tell
Sixoo at =54C la c e - Other style with insertion of Gowns at $1.18 — 3 styles, cambric or SklTtS at 4oC small tucks, sizes 2 to 14 years. . „ •_.. + . . •„ . . -i . _ r ,
„,,„>, v , -rr embroidery around the yoke, neck and nainsook, high neck with rich em- ° " v , 7^ Gowns at 29c— Regular 60c values. . ?t prices that will give new interest to the Hale
il-fJi h~ If : p -rT! 1 * t/*, " e3 fS week. You may need arm holes trimmed with embroidery. broidery insertion yoke. Also low neck They re made of good heavy mus- They're made of good soft muslin, jewelry store.
and wantTosJemonl y0U Want m gOod Corset Covers at 39c— Two French styles Empire style, fancy yoke, with medal- i; n w f t h a deep lawn flounce, finished with yoke of embroidery insertion and ____.. ---.,-?- M *o_rni* n? a t^ -om k i „? , . u
and *ant to sa%e mone>. of fine cambric, trimmed with Valen- lions and ribbon Collar and cuffs •', • hemstitched tucks lengths fine tucks, cambric ruffle on collar. Bangle Bracelets. 82.5<V-Gold plated, satin or bright finish;
ciennes lace and baby ribbon. trimmed with Valenciennes lace. )]}™ .^ * » "mst tcnea IU cks, lengms slzeg % tQ 14 new.
2«?nn Mpm'c H^mctif^h^H Corset Covers at 59c-French style, fine \ from 40 to 44 inches. Watch rotos.Sl^O-Silk with gold plated buckle - and
ZSU\J JUetl S nemStltCned cambric, body made of rows of lace In- DmWers at 29c Skirts at 69c— 2 styles of cambric or White AnrOHS 1 0c swivel, English finish.
m_w j- - . - sertion and medallions, neckand arm L^idwtio «.w muslin, embroidery trimmed flounce " llltw rl > yluui ' * vv> Scarf Pins, 50c each — Gold plated, sterling and copper fin-
fi ft Y\ Ct %Cf*fC ll lP'T C 51 ¦ A.C holes trimmed with lace. Regular 75c In three different styles; fine soft with small tucks, also deep umbrella They're made of white lawn, in ished pins; elks' heads with setting, some in crescent
n-v. 1 • Value< muslin, umbrella ruffle, trimmed with : Jounce finished with 8 hemstitched f our styles, plain, tucked and lace and many other designs. 50c each.
They have colored borders; they're made of *ood wide Torchon lace; others with lace Jj cks ' extra dusl ruffle ' lensths 40 to trinimed. Stl0^h^?«n!n? 5^r ld ?«frtT° f^ erlinK8ilver - ln thehorse -
camtric, with a soft linen -finish, full sized V 2 and I Gowns at 48c and insertions; still another style skirts 89c-2 styles of fine cambric with Aprons at I4c-Of good lawn, finished shofe shape s_t with rhinestones
inch hems; such handkerchiefs as you would expect Two ",„ n^ 7^/ * n '<h*A with wide umbrella ruffle, with deep S d?e P law! umbrella flounct with Nor- with deep hemstitched hem and wide Beanty Pins. 35 «"«?«« ln a *<*•> eold plated, with
to pay a half more for. A special opportunity Hale's 1 wo styles of good soft finished hemstitched hem and t h r ee hem- mandy lace ruffle, four hemstitched strings. P«^ 3 » na turqu^ oises.
SO« and pass it on to you- each zc muslin, high neck, with four inser- J^hVA turks aiJove tucks above. Other style with deep Aprons at 18c— 12 styles, in good lawn. T-inl ; Cuff Buttons. $1.00 pair— Gold plated, all new pat-
,_ _ M \_ .. " ' "' 4 tinne nf trnKm^.™ c.«, M f.^ K,, Stitchea tucks aDOVe. embroidery trimmed flounce and hem- some plain large sized. Others with terns.
erchiefs at 9c— Sires for men, % and 1 inch V ons °* cmDromery separatea Dy Dra wers at 35c— Of fine, soft finished stitched tucks, extra dust ruffle, wide or narrow tucks. Others still Souvenir Spoons. 25c each— Gold plated and enameled with
nems. warranted all linen, large size, 9c. fine tucks; other style with V neck, muslin, with umbrella ruffle, trimmed lengths from 40 to 44 inches. with woven satin stripes, wide strings. - views of San Francisco and State capital.
„,,.....,„ .^.S^ at i,° 5 L, „ „ . Finer Embroideries Now ¦¦, The ,f a » Mininefy
black and red, with little white dots and stripes. Green,, jasper, . . lakes on new life, new color, new interest this week
new blue, brown, navy; an entire new line of beautiful ne'w silks • • Than We Have Seen in a Sale Before .- , , , . ¦' -"V ¦¦¦::• '';¦ . ' :;
the very thing for shirt waist suits at 5 i yard' A w ndow ull' • ' , P AnA x/ -. 1 XT f Ui / For hundreds of new styles come to the front m hand-made trim-
Linings Skirts MadrFre^ 15,000 YardS at Nearly Half hats, exquisite, individual, becoming, at $2.25, $3.75, $475 and
All colors, all special valaes. Again this week. The finest Swiss and nainsook edgings and insertions such as you would buy for the vO-5°-
20J Percaiine at ioc n . daintiest of undermuslins or baby clothes. Such delicate and pretty patterns you would be glad We haven't felt our power before this fall as we do now. The
2tc Sateen at i^Ac vd v • , matenaI for your ordinar y to buy them at full prices. . Millinery department hasn't been as interesting as it will be to-
i JOcSilcsiaat yV.c xd T-* Z < " d wc>11 makc you a For they are handsomer than full prices will usually ; pay for Such embroideries as we m orrpw. The women know the unusualness of Hale hats and
/X 3 — Pla . m Skirt frcc ' ave never seen- in a- sale and wouldn't now if it wasn t for a happening unfortunate to the how much stron we are jgg year than we — £ b f
A .^^ importer. Exceptionally fortunate for you and us. T 1 t,
IVaW' PlllOW Tritf* €k'i' \ /Ln He had the upper floors of a big New York building. . A fire broke out on the first floor. Smoke rolled up and sur- O-morrow we a *e anot ier S ep a ea .
•*¦ ?? * M.M.M.YJ TT M. \J \J d. L Jl T"w rounded these embroideries, but it couldn't penetrate" the paper they were wrapped in. It did slightly discolor , If. you are CfOin(£ to Cfet VOUT new fall hat now see how much
,, r , ., * the few inches of embroidery that are rolled outside the paper, and gave them an. odor of smoke. Now the . ° ° ° J
We expect them all to go Monday. smoke odor has entirely disappeared and the discoloring will come out with first- washing. The insurance man it means to \'OU ; no matter what price VOU want to pav VOU will
For thrv nr^ in r>n»ftv T 3 r«n«o. A<>^:~~~ *-. • 1 a.' -j adjusted matters liberally with the Importer and made him more generous than he would have been otherwise , . r , r* i .. / . .
r or tney are m pretty Japanese designs, typical* native ideas when our buyer approached him. . save and yet not lose a bit of style. Rather gain it, for its the
and colorings; vivid, artistic. They will make up into such pil- See some of them in a window to-day. ' . • . style in these hats we are proudest of.
lows for the cozy corner as you haven't been able to get before, -^ . ,, r A , ,/ j *i ,*''' .
The price, i4c shows the power of the Hale art store. At & , r At 12^ yd; worth up to 25c: ¦ White Plumes for Knights Templar Hats
New Burea-t Seta, ajc: With Huted ruffle border orettv de«icm« Swls's and nainsook embroideries, flalnty blind' stitch Swiss and nainsook embroideries, edgings 3 to 7% ln. . r .v,
Cushion to match, lined with prettv colors Si^ *n*ln l'^ designs, edgings 2 to 6 in. wide, Insertions 1 to .2 in. ld «. Insertions 1 to 2% in. wide. Beautiful long, white ostrich plumes, 25 m., at $13.50 and $11.00; 21 in.
.• 1 L_rl zc 2OX50 ' 23C * ; wMe - .' l At 38c yd; worth up to 75c : at $8.50; 19 in. at $6.00; 16 in. at $4.25.
fgST fgff *78/ O ' Q At *l8c yd; Worth Up tO ZKC. : . , ' Handsome Swiss embroideries, from dainty edgings 4 n _-> — —
An er hin y blTnd'\^nw a wk~5d e TeJ^^ in. wide to flounces 15 in. wide. El.ctrio Weedl. 7W
yijSy /Mff *~^—~^ yiS-J*' VJLlLJ- p^^ ) iai|| 'mF* ad. Send us your n n. -w e. ,, ,*• j . . Swiss embroideries in beautiful TenerllTe, Point Rose ta.o-v« superfluous jSS^yS^?/ •J*'3§*£$L/ JS&L^ &£r*^* *&$&&»*
/Mf/ +• J^^^ — — — "^^ name, SO we can At 2ZC \'d ' WOTth Ub to KOC ' ' • " and wheat patterns, 9 to IS in. wide, bands and ga- hair and other fa- /jS3V *£$>' <£&~ti&0 <^£&P sSQggP' <MgZ2»B7
/© \^^S*OOt> GOOEX^^ send you our new 5 * ' WOTin U " lO . ? OC ' -, . ' > , loons 3 to 5% in. wide. cial blemishes" tiffl -^ B * t * aa ' r
"^^**ff*i 1 1 . fall catalogue Tt Handsome Swiss and nninsook embroideries. Teneriffe ' al .,j . ,,, m ./|, ,-/, * n <t^, rn . Hairdressinsr and w <?L G0h**r\ sisisxThGL.
KT 1 + c^^* m« - O- 4.1- Slilf-J ? K il .i wheel, whoat. fleur de 11s. applique and blind stitch ef- ¦ At CpiC yd , lIOUK Up tO . Manicurinsr Depart- OOOD^^
AlarKet Street, INear OlXth. will be out Shortly. fects, 6 to 10 In. wide, insertions 2 to 6 in. wide and Swiss embroideries, handsome effects ln Point Rose »eat. y>- . _ ~ — •
O — -O bands and saloons 2 to 2% in. wide. . j< designs, 9 to 15 ln. wide. q. Q lYlarket Street, Near Sixth.