struck down in the garden, she. said;
ha was dyjng, perhaps dead. She could
seo the Myjpr stanching a wound "with
a, handkerchief that fluttered in the
breeze. Fascinated, although her heart
beat v.lldly, and her fear remained un
abated, she did not move from the win
dow. It_w.as her ardent hope that Doc
tor Xavier might be in the house; and
when she heard his voice, a great
weight seemed to be lifted from her
mind. What cc-uld have happened, she
asked. She judged that it must be
something terrible.
Many minutes passed in this intoler
able taispense. . She perceived figures
moving/ to and fro. between the trees
and anxious messengers" running from
the house to the garden and back
again. No one appear: d to accuse
another or to defend himself. But once
did ZSsther identify Doctor Xavier; and
this v.as at the moment when the Moor
lifted a candle and the whole picture
stood out like - vignette in the dark
ness.. In -that instant the scene was
fully revealed. A' man lay upon the
gritss and four stood about him. Es
ther observed that he was in evening
dress; and that they had torn his shirt
open to stanch a; wound, in his side.
The Doctor himself held a cflass in his
hand, and put it from time to. time to
the prone man's lips. At a little dia
tan'- apart the moon's' beams dis
covered another actor in this grim
drama. He appeared to be a foreigner,
and a loose Spanish cloak, covered him
to the knees. In ¦ defiant attitude he
leaned against one of the silver birches,
as though entirely unconcerned at that
which was' passing so near to him.
Anon, he approached the kneeling
figures, and I Esther heard him' asking
questions.^ This man, I she imagined,
had struck the . blow. J The " dreadful
mystery of it ail: appalled; her. What
was- this -house- in which _ such things
were done? Why, had she entered It?
Esther was too much interested to
answer him, and -she followed timidly
at his side while he crossed the lawn
and lighted a silver lamp in her bou
doir. Here everything was as 8he had
left it but a few hours ago. Her own
sketches lay "untouched upon the table;
the books she had been reading were
still open. The fountain splashed al
most with a weird sound in the silence
of the .night- One fact, however, per
mitted Esther to. form an instant con
clusion as to the -events, which had so
greatly, agitated her. The door between
her own room" and • the Doctor's study
was no- longer locked as it had been
during his absence. Evidently some
one had entered her boudoir and had
forgotten to close the door upon leav
ing. It now stood so much open that
She knew, then, that she had not es
caped detection; and, greatly hoping
that he would be able to calm her
shattered nerves and to offer her some
reassuring t-xplanation, Esther dressed
herself quickly and went down into the
hal!. It^was with no little hesitation
that she stood upon the threshold of a
scene of which every detail still haunt
ed her. She feared v that she would,
never have the courage to approach
that place of death or even to look upon
it collectedly. When, at length, she
summoned her courage to her and
opened the long window giving upon
the lawn, she discovered that the Doc
tor was alone and that the others had
vanished. Not a trace remained of
deed or actors. Doctor Xavier himself
Bmoked . a cigar with apparent non
chalance.
"Come," he said, approaching her di
rectly, "I wish 'to talk to.you. It shall
be in your own room. Esther. The
night-air- Is, not good for us. You
should. have put a shawl about your
head." . -v./Y, '",
"It is I, Esther. Please dress and
come down to me. I see you cannot
sleep— it is imprudent to stand at the
window after rain."
est's heart. Esther would have slept
again, and was • dozing orf, when she
heard a murmur of distant voices like
tho.se of monks chanting an ofiice.
Anon, a , wild haunting melody arose,
litful and weird; and to this there suc
ceeded a harsh guttural into-nution,
which again gave place to the sweeter
music. Esther, believing ihat Doctor
Xavier was stlllaway, and that none
but the servants remained in the house,
started up when first sha heard the
singing, and sat. amazsd, in her bed
until the last wild chord had-tloated
away upon the still night air. An::lous
to learn who. the singers were, she. put
on her dressing gown, and, going tli her
bedroom window, the opened it very
quietly and peered thence into the gar
den. Fc-r many minutes neither sight
nor sound rewarded her. The bricked
up windows tn'f the Doctor's study for
bade her to ascertain whether he occu
pied it or no. Her own little room,
near to it, had the windows shut and
the blinds drawn. Esther could not de
tect a light anywhere in the house. She
could hear no voices. She would have
returned to her bed, baffled by the
mystery, but for. u sudden cry which
arose upon the far side of the quail
l angle, and was answered hy a low
guttural exclamation, and then by th«
heavy, thud of a falling body. Esther
did not at once understand the mean
ing c-f this, nor could she account for
the presence of strangers in thy gar
den. She imagined that the servants
would be awakened presently and the
alarm be raised; but when no one ap
peared and no voice was raised, her
growing dread of some veiled mystery
became a fear surpassing .words. She
did not dare to move from the window;
she feared that some one would detect
her there and resent her presence.
Anon, she thought that she observed
figures moving among the trees,' and
then, as the greater surprise, she be
held Yusstif, the Moor, carrying a can
dle, which' his long bony hand sheltered
from the wind. Her curiosity now.was
raised to the highest pitch. She re
marked that the Moor crossed the
quadrangle to that corner of the gar
den whence the cry. had come. Another,
and :he a' stranger, followed at Yus
suf's heels and carried a second silver
candlestick ; \ and, together, the men
stooped at | last , as though jj over some
object which lay hidden by the trees.
Tn this supreme moment, Esther fj first
learned the truth. A man had been
Esther listened patiently, for he
seemed to be offering her an apology
for the distress she had suffered. Ob
serving that she was expected to an- ?
swer him, ehe took refuge in a sen"
eral confession rather than ¦ a specific
assent.
"I heard some one slnsinj la the
"You were at the window." he be
gan, directly she was seated, "and you
are aware of the unfortunate accident
which has happened in thl3 house to
night. I can quite admit. Miss Venn,
that any young girl might be alarmed.
It is never good for a woman to be
the witness .of men's differences. In
the case of my own nation, our quar
rels, unfortunately, do not. like yours
in thi3 country, begin and end with
words. Let me say at once that two
of my friends quarreled In this house
to-night and that one of them, un
happily, has some occasion to repent
his hastiness. I do not think that his
v.ound 13 serious; but I am exceed
ingly sorry that he should have re
ceived it under my roof. A philoso
pher, no doubt, would remember the
old apothegm about a gambler's folly
and its consequences. I say nothing,
because I regard life as a gamble from
the cradle to the grave. If we do
not play with cards, we find more
dangerous tools — men, T7omen, nations,
powera and principalities, our own am
bitions, the follies of our frienda. Cards
are 'responsible for many pitiful mis
fortunes; but they are not often of
the graver kind. I hope they will not
prove to be so to-night. Lorenzo, my
cousin, is more frightened than hurt.
I regret the misfortune chiefly for
your sake: but you will be wise to
remember that such a thing is not
likely to happen here again!"
Esther obeyed him, as she always
did, and sat down, not a little awed,
waiting fc-r him to speak. No words
of hers, sha thought, were called for,
nor would they help him.
"Now." he said, motioning her to the
sofa, "if you will 'permit me tor finish
my cigar. I should like to have a chat.
Miss Venn."
Esther perceived the soft green carpet
and the polished tables of the great
room beyond. Cards littered the floor;
decanters of wine were plainly visible
in the soft mellow light which flowed
down from unseen lampa. Doctor
Xavier's first act was to close this door
and then to draw the heavy brocade
curtains across the window of her bou
doir.
In despair of any answer she turned
away at I:\st' and lay shivering; upon
her bed. The reaction was intense.
She was punished, she thought, for her
vain ambitions. She determined, if it
were possible.. to quit the hoxise to-mor
row. .And then, .she heard, her own
name. The Doctor called her from the.
lawn beneath her window. She r.ns
wered him at once, for shewas glad to
hear his voice.
"What Is it— who Is there?"
Another page speke of Esther's com
fort and of her natural surprise at the
absence of her hostess. Julia appeared
to bs very £inxic;:c to Get her at her
ea.EC. "You realiy must not be dull
r.bile we are av.ay," she said. "The
house is Liberty Hall, and you are to
regard it as sour own. I have told the
coachman that you will require the
horses; and when Francis returns I am
sure he will take you to the theater. I
shall try to be in London by the end of
July and then we will all go to the
lakes together. Oh, these northern
winds, how they make me shiver! It
will be different in Switzerland, chere
amie. I thall have ho much to show
you th^re, and it will br nothing but
sunshine and flowers. So a bientot, ma
petite— with much love from your
friend and sister. Julia de Llontalvan."
Esther read the letter with eager In
t€iCJ t, : and particularly the signature,
which was- new to^ her. She had un
derstood the Doctor's name to be. sim
ply Xiivier— which, indeed, was but one
of his Christian names commonly em
ployed by him when traveling. But
now she remembered that he was a
Spaniard by birth and probably the de
scendant of some old Spanish family of
note. In this respect Julia's letter was
not unsatisfactory. There was so much
to do, so many . surprises awaited her
dally In that house of wonders, that
she gTasped at any ctraw of argument
which would permit her.to remain there
•with confidence. .Each -day, in the
earlv morning, she went to the bath as
CHAPTER VIII.
DFL XAyiEJt did not. return to
hit; bouse for fifteen days.
¦ but was. there any word from
him. Sncfa news as Esther
received she found upon the morn
ing of the seoor.d day in a closely
v. ritten letter from the loquacious
JuJia. It was a rambling epistle, writ
ten In the characterisiicafly pointed
hand of the foreigner, and Esther
blessed the education which had led
her in Exeter city to master the amaz
ing calijrraphy of Deans and Chapters.
She read the letter twice, and even
then was s^iircely enlightened. Julia
tpoke of grave events, which, for the
moment, had compelled her to leave
London. Her brother, she said, was
greatly occupied by the affairs of his
awn country. Bbe had hoped that he
had done with them forever; but new
circumstances had arisen, and they
cla'.m&d his attention. For herself she
was at Dinard. playing a little, bathing
a little, flirting a little.
""Bear with me patiently, my dear
Esther," she went on, "when I tell you
that 1 have actually had an offer of
marriage. He is fifty-two and not
ashamed of his age. lie calls himself
the Coir.te de Magnac-Lavat, and he is
quite bald. It was pathstic to refuse
him; but, rny dear, a husband for
Julia, the sister of Francisco Xavier!
Try to imagine her adding up accounts
and crying about the halfpennies — of
Which (be gentle to her, Miss Pru
denct) she has lost a large number at
a hcrrid game they call 'petits che
vaus.' **
CepjTrtSbt bj Max Vcinbcnon.
such charge should be made. Day by
day now her interest in this momen
tous undertaking increased. Was it
possible, was it right, she would ask
herself, that a woman should desire
such success or labor .for it. And
against this t^he would pit the Doctor's
argument- and remember that every
thing which contributed to the happi
ness of humanity contributed also to
its beauty. The laws of health, upon
which later day civilization insisted,
the unceasing 1 battle with disease and
death, what were they but instruments
to- make mankind more beautiful?
Sometimes she would steal to the mir
ror and look" at herself furtively as
though afraid of her own temerity. The
face that she beheld there won some
new gift of health and prettiness every
day. Color, she said, had returned to
her cheeks. Her .eyes were wonderfully
bright. She had a clearness of skin
which was in itself a dc-wer of great
price. Often when the vision of the
gla,*s was accidental she would start
back- from it as from a revelation of
beauty which almost bewitched her.
Was this the Esther she had known?
By. what miracle had such a change
come about? Esther could not believe
that it was wholly so. The gowns with
which the Docto-r's liberality had sup
plied her were, indeed, the master
pieces of a French costumier's art.
From time to time in the privacy of
her bedchamber she would put on some
perfect melange of silk and chiffon,
and, amazed and fearful, would ask
herself if any of those who had once
known her would say that this was the
old Esther. Nevertheless, the question
"why" was asked vainly. Why, had
she 'been chosen? For what purpose*
Ah, if she could but have answered
that! . ;?V-:- .
We have said that fifteen days
passed and found Doctor, Xavier still
absent. It was upon the" fifteenth night
that Esther heard of his return,; and
heard of it in a way that at once star
tled and perplexed her. It had been a
wet afternoon, with a heavy thunder
storm about sis o'clock. The. close air
and great heat resulted in such a ner
vous headache as the old time used to
give her, and Esther went to bed at an
early hour, and for a little while slept
restfully. When she .awoke, she
thought It would-be ~the middle of the
night, for the moon shone full and
golden, and the beams revealed the arf
bor of the garden like a den at a for-
Billy would have answered, perhaps,
but catching sight of the Moor, who
was crossing the lawn, he darted away
suddenly and left Esther's curiosity
ungratified. When she came : to think
of it she imagined that she had seen
the face of one of these girls at the
window on the day of her -arrival. It
did not alarm Esther so much when
she remembered that Doctor Xavier
had spoken of previous experiments
and of his failure.' She quite under
stood that disposition ¦ and the will to
succeed must be given to experiments.
The others,' he said, had destroyed his
work by their own obstinacy, j- Esther
determined that, In her own case, no
"Well, there was the young 1 women —
but they got the sack! My eye! they
did carry on!" - . 7-^<;' ¦ >
"What young women are you speak
ing of. Billy; who were they?"
"And is there no one here but him?"
Billy scratched his head.
"I ought to make lots. bu. I don't
make none,'* he said. "Dick, he bowl3
curly ones. I put the ball in my pocket
lart night and come 'ome. ' He thought
it was lost— but It wasn't,* you see!
Fine times, miss, he had, tinting of it
among the babies!"
"Oh, but that wasn't honest, Billy.
T.j'11 never make a cricketer if you
play, like that! Does the Doctor ap
prove of your being out so much?"
"Don't know, mies; never ask him.
You see, I'd have to -go to foreign
countries to do that. Why, he isn't
here— no, not three months a year!"
"Then who takes care of the house
when he's away?" - '
"Why, old Fatty— Spencer, the but
ler." :*{ . v '. • .¦•_-. .-v ,¦,-,¦;.
"Oh. I. bowls at 'em in the park. Me
and Dick poes up to the pitch every
nlsht except when it's boot-blacking!"
Esther knew something of cricket
and she tried to interest Billy.
"What'3 your average, Billy; how
many runs can you make?" she asked
him.
she hz<l been jjrfigfjgjl* Now marvels,
new •woiidefs ci't tlic- .water •~aijAi the
tamps vjei-e revealed to -li'cr'upon each
su<.oce«lti«tj visit.. From" ¦'•day- to day- the
physical' oxer^fs^s developed iii>d tin*
curriculum wjsls varied,. : Esther lived
in a dreamland of flowers ami' light,
They t;!'.i?hi.*- her -to suvim iiuci iioat
upon the li?npkl v/ttt,er: «l appeared '.*i
ho their obj«?<-t to fUmiliariif IreV/ u id!
beautiful scenes and bgatitlful object^.
In her own rc-utrTthe pivtuie \yuf evCT
tli:ingin£. Sh* disc«jve.*ed fresh blouiv.a
th«-re i-vrry day. Tli* food that bite ale
\v»s dellrloiiK tind/xOselj.-chysati. KJie
Tvt.uM r-jjim for hoursln -the rot;'? ~</r
d<=n a!:d «.vijoy th-» dreamy of
thos* verdant walks. Rest tnc-ro abso
lute could not have been forced upon
any human -bring. She had no careS
nave those of her tmaginatu>n: r ~rhc
day«5 came J*ml went as precious tno
inonts cf the furious bmnnier-tini".
She did not care to venture into the
turmoil of the city, though often in
vited by the servants who waited upon
h^r to do t>ol Sometimes Bhie ' would
catch a glinips*? «_f o;U Yussuf, the
Moor, watching her from «n angle of
the <*ourty«ird or lurking in the shadow
of the treoi. She. was not afraid of
this man. but his presence, none the
less, would cause- her to start and to
remember the circumstances under
which ehe had first seen "his evil face.
But in spite of him she spent the Ions
afternoons in a cushioned hammock
with books to her hand and thenote of
lh»; tinging bird in. her earn. Once or
twice London and its unadorned reality
stood beforcr her in the presence of
EiMy the- page. She liked Billy, and in
variably called him to her Fide; but
Mouton, the poodle, with a liner taste.
ured to growl at him arid show forbid
ding: teeth. ,
"What do you do in this house, Billy
— what is your work?" she asked him
one day as he stood biting Iiis nails on
the grass 'befc-re her. Billy answered
without hesitation :
fTpttfis is thi: second ix-
I bi'AIXaiKXT OF MAX
i pj:.miji:kto\s novel
1 or sivstery; no-
MAXtK AND ADVEXTUIIE.
-mi. x.wui;." wii ic«i in:-
GAS IN T1IM SCXDAY CAlih
ON AtCiLST 7 AM) WHICH
WII. I, !!T: COMPLETED II'ON
AKilST 28. FOI.LOWI.V*;
-oil. \ami:k." axu ix
STHOXi; < O.VTftAST TO IT IN
f-TVIJ- A\I> TIIIZAT.ML'NT.
W1I.1, OO.MK "ANNA Till: AD
IK.VTini'SK" BV K. PIIIL^
I. II S OPPEXIIOM, A IllCi}!
,ia DivrarnxG ano tiiok-
OIGHLY KNTEUTAIMXi;
CTOiiv or Moni-R\ lifj: ix
!*AKIS AND I/JXDOX.
As IX Tin* CASK OF "l.V
the cisiior's <AKi:iAGir'
AXI> "U«. XAVIl^I.' liflS
I'OPULAIt XOVKU SELUXG
AT HOOK KTOKKS FX)1t $J 50,
UIU, BE GIVEN TO THE
Ki:\l)KI.S OV THE CALL
roi: -20 cents.
The Sunday Call Magazine
DOCTOR XAVIERown Eldorado — mine is in Spain. I
have been twice round the world, and
would give it' all for_ a little chateau
in the hills, whose doors are shut to
day and whose rooms are empty. Cities
enable me to forget. That which ap
peals to the car wearies less than that
which appeals to the eye. You can al
ways cull some new emotion from
Wagner's music; but if you stop for
a month at a mountain's foot you are
simply bored. Is not that your own
experience?"
"I will tell you when I have seen
a mountain, Prince. Of course, music
does appeal very much to emotional
people; I know that from my own ex
perience. When I have been for a
month in the Pyrenees I shall consider
myself no less an authority upon
mountains. Some day, perhaps, I will
tell you all about it."
"'Some day'— ah, that, dreadful
'someday.' It is. the curse of life. We
Bee a lovely face and say that s*ome
day we may find It again. Do you de
ceive yourself with 'some day,' Miss
Venn. The man who enjoys life is the
one who has no manana. I am a
Spaniard, and "my nation has sold Its
birthright for to-morrow. The same
procrastination finds me in this hotel
to-night, when I should be the first
among my people. Be warned in time
—have nothing to do with 'some day.'.."
A deeper meaning, lay behind his
words, but Esther could only take the
larger sense of them.
"I will not forget your ..warning,"
Ehe said, "but you would . not
have me promise to tell you
to-day, . when I do not go to the cha
teau until to-morrow? That would be
Irish,; you. know."
"Then I prefer the Irish manner. Let
Esther started at the words. She
was not a little interested in the favor
shown to her by one wh» occupied eo
great a position; but her curiosity
quickly got the bettar of her surprise.
"Why. do you speak of the Duke oi
Montalvan? Are you referring to Dr.
Xavier, Prince?" #?";>-:
He regarded her with some amaze
ment. . fr.i ¦¦>-¦
"Ah, then you are Ignorant of his
incognito, Miss Venn?"
. "I only know him as Dr. Xavier."
The Prince laughed. "I must intro
duce him to you. He is concealing
something," he continued lightly. "You
can never trust middle age, Miss Venn;
it is only youth . which is entirely
frank."
Esther ; looked at him with very
serious eyes.
"Do you think It is always wise to be
frank?"
"Oh, I— I never think about it!
Thank heaven, I am not a diplomatist.
My dictionary is 'yes' : or 'no.' You
must put it down to my education. j£ I
was never taught lying as a fine art
If we sit here long enough, you will
get all old Francisco's secrets out of
me.: Are you very much attached to
him, Miss Venn?"
- Esther leant her chin upon her hand,
and asked herself If she were.
"Can we be attached to people whom
we have known only a little while ??.-o
"Oh, if, you press it, I must say
'yes. 1 Let's see, it was fifteen days ago
that : we first met." •
• "Yes, yes; but J was speaking of
Dr. Xavier, Prince. I, have only known
him a few. weeks." .
. "And have yet to discover all his
infamies.' I . detected them long' ago.
He loves me so much' that if I died
without tidings either of Madame Julia
or of the doctor, but a telegram deliv
ered at- half-past six o'clock explained
their absence. Julia telegraphed that
she had lost the train from DInard and
would not arrive until to-morrow
morning, and while the news was little
"comforting, Esther made the best of it.
She was even persuaded to dine in the
white and crimson room below; and
coming at length to perceive that she
was -at -no disadvantage at all even in
such a company, she made bold after
ward to take a seat in the corridor and
there to enjoy the music of the Hunga
rian band. No one would know her,
none ask her name, she thought; but in
this she was mistaken, for the < band
had hardly begun to play when some
one addressed her, and, turning, she
found herself face to face 1 with the
Prince of Cadi. . V^ e
He was in evening dress, with a light
black cape hanging loosely from his
shoulders. Esther imagined that he
had not dined at the hotel; but had re
turned to it from some other house.
The button of an order showed beneath
the lapel of his cape. His whitewalst
coat had no ornament of gold button or
watch chain. He was in the 1 ' -act of
drawing off his white kid gloves when
he addressed Esther, and in her sur
prise she looked up swiftly at him, and
could not conceal the pleasure "of her
recognition. Then, for the first time,
perhaps, she understood why his 'face
had seemed familiar to her even, upon
their first meeting. Once in an old his
tory book she had seen a picture of a
Spanish king, an engraving after one
of Velasquez's masterpieces, , and' : al
though it represented "ah blder , man,
none the less the young: Spaniard be
fore her might have been its subject :
CHAPTER X
We have shown under what circum
stances Esther quitted Paris, and how
that, in the company of Doctor Xavier
and his' sister, she paid her first visit
to the Chateau of St. Paul. With her
life In Spain, and afterwards in France
and Italy, this story concerns itself but
little. We know that she lived In close
seclusion for- nearly five months; we
hear of her in the mountains and the
cities; but her life is always unevent
ful, and it is r.ot until the month of
the following January that she ap
pears with dramatic suddenness upon
the social horizon of Faris, and Instant
ly is the foremost figure in that capital
of enthusiasms. Such a change in a
young girl's life can find few parallels
In the story of a woman, nor does the
account of it lose force by the most
modest estimates of the sensation
which attended her rentree. Unknown,
unsought, she had gone out. She re
turned to hear herself called the most
beautiful woman in France, to be the
spoiled child of the salon and the the
ater, to have the social world at her
feet. If she herself remained the at
tractive girt that Francisco Xavier
had found her, if she were unconscious
both of her influence and her beauty,
this happy circumstance owed not a
little to her own decided character and
the good common sense she had in
herited. Vanity at any time was re
pellant to her. None the less, she knew
that some miracle had influenced her
life — a miracle so simple and true that
faith could not be withheld.
She had come to Paris secretly, ac
companied by the loquacious Julia, and
unaware of the object of the unexpect
ed visit.- Five^ months of the solitudes
left her unprepared for this surprise.
She was never more surprised
than when, at Lausanne upon
that memorable day of Janu
ary, Doctor Xavier spoke once more of
the city and the world.
"The mountains can give us no
more," he had said. "We are like bees
who have sucked up the last drop of
honey. Come, we will return to Paris
without delay. It may be the last
Journey we- shall ever make as students
together."
Esther was perplexed at the enigma
of his words, but obedience was now a
habit to her. and she accompanied him
to the north without question. In Paris,
as we have told, she played for a brief
while her part in the social comedy of
which . the French . are such consum
mate* masters. Everywhere, at the
<^t6-morrow'*'he would wear roses in- his
hair.' Seriously, are : you a * friend of
his sister?"
Esther, blushed deeply at. the ques
tion. She knew that' she dare-nottell
this < stranger why she was in Dr.
Xavier's house.
•'•' "'No,', I can hot '. say [ that. ; : I think
Madame Julia. likes me; but ; it could
scarcely be friendship -yet. I am old
fashioned, you. 'know;.. I ; don't believe
that one can be friends in a day."
I * "I'll 'call you an acquaintance, then.
They tell me that she is expected here
to-morrow morning. Will you present
her with my regrets that I am called
away exactly an hour before she ar
rives." ,, -;
Esther understood that he* was jest
ing; but the Jest had a sting which
v he could not conceal. His own bravade
apparently struck him as an Impru
dence; for, anon, he became more seri
ous, and then Esther listened with in
terest.
"Are you an old tmveler, Miss Venn
— do you know muon of Europe?"
"I know nothing, Prince; 1 hava
never been out of England before."
"Ah, what luck, to have it all be
fore you! I am blase, you know.
There Is a stage In a. traveler's life
when he realizes that the world has
nothing left to show him. He wishes
to escape- the marvelous; he positively
does not want to see the deepest water
fall or the highest mountain. Five
years of travel have taught me that
Its future is more than its present
We do not realize great scenes truly
until we have left them. We remember
a' few, and they remain unforgetable
pictures while we live.' Each has his
opera, in the Bols, In the houses of the
: privileged, she bore unconscious wit
ness to the truth of the Spaniard's
claims. Men said that she was th«
most beautiful woman that Paris hart
ever seen; even women raved about
her. As indifferent to the praises of
the one as to the envy of the other,
Esther carried her own secret and hid
It from the world as a precious thing.
Good sense forbade her to remember
the one romance of her life, and yet she
wished to remember It. That she would
fee the Prince of Cadi sooner or late
she never doubted. When she met him
after many days in the house of thn
Spanish Duque de Rlna she accepter.
the encounter as inevitable. The Pnncj
lived In Paris now, and. naturally,
would meet her. He was not greatly
changed, she thought: certainly he had
lost nothing of that attractive person
ality which won her interest flvo
months ago. "* *."¦'
The night was a memorable one for
Esther In many ways. She had been in
troduced by Doctor Xavier to splendii
scenes abundantly since she arrived In
Paris; but thi3 scene at the house of
the Duque de Rlna surpassed them all.
Nominally a soiree musical© for the
nomadic aristocracy of the French
capital, to Esther it was chiefly a
vlsfon of immense rooms and brilliant
women, of soldiers and statesmen and
priests, but pre-eminently of a glitter
ing throng .which divided* as She en
tered upon Doctor Xavier's arm, and
watched her almost in silence as sh-i
swept up to the dais whereon the Duke
and Duchess received their guests. For
the first time then, perhaps, she knew
that the master-key of a woman'*
power had been entrusted to her. This
buzz of tongues, the envious eyes, could
not be mistaken. Everywhere In that
immense salon men were saying.
"Marvelous!" women were ex
claiming, "Who Is she?" Esther,
in her simplicity, did not dare to
ask if the triumph were wholly hers,
or in part that of curiosity
awakened by some tale of the mar
velous. She was dazed, it may bo
frightened, by the very applaus*- which
the master-mind had earned for her;
and when one by one the leaders of
Paris were introduced to her, she an
swered them, scarce knowing what she
said.
The Prince had been standing In the
door of the great conservatory which
gives off the Duchess' boudoir. H«
wore a white uniform of a Spanish
legiment of hussars, and while his eyes
had followed Esther restlessly since
she entered the room, he made no
movement to recognize her until she
was alone. Then, without hesitation,
he crossed the room and held out his
hand.
"At last:" he said.
She looked up quickly and colored at
his ardent glance. The five months
which had elapsed since she saw him
had added something of dignity to his
manner nnd robbed him of a little of
his boyish imperiousness. But th»
change was for the better. Esther
could admit that no salon of Paris ha-1
yet shown her a figure more distin
guished. Ho. in his turn, was unable
to take his eyes from her face. H-*
knew not what to think or say. Her
very beauty found him silent.
"You arc the good Samaritan." sh»
said, a little imploringly. "The Doctor
has left me, and the Pharisees pass by
on the other side."
He- recovered himaelr with an efftn 1 :
and offered his arm.
"Old Xavier, at least, is a generous
thief, " he said; "he leaves the treasure
behind him. Let us go into the con
servatory. Miss Venn; I will promis*
you wine if there is no oil."
He opened a passage for her through
the press of men and, discovering a
giant palm in a secluded corner and a
low couch behind it, he sat at once
and began to talk with that easy
familiarity which the years had made
a habit.
"You are greatly changed, Mis3
Venn: I hardly knew you. II
I did not wish to pay you a
compliment, I would ask you to be
angry. We do not recognize those who
become f.;mous; we want to be recog
nized by them. If old Xavier had not
taken himself off, I should have, been
afraid. He can spare me ten min
utes, I am sure."
Esther anrwered very naturally.
"Ten minutes! Oh, but that's a long
time! And he will be looking for me.
I should bo terrified if I missed him.
Prince. Imagine being lost -in Pari3
nnd advertised for in tha newspapers!
Dr. Xavier might not think I was
worth a reward, you know!"
He hastened to contradict her with
a Spaniard's graciousness.
"Old Xavier's riches would not be
rewrrd enough." he said. "The Bank
of France would be ruined. Miss Venn!
I have been three years trying to lose
Francisco Xavier, and I have not cu
ceeded. It is impossible to lose such
a man, I assure you. He has enjoyed
your society for five months — is it not
so? Then I shall- not ask his permis
sion for my ten minutes. Let us b*
serious and ask what you have been
doing. You were going to Spain when
I saw you last. You must tell me that
you like my country. It Is the ons
subject upon which I am a bigot."
Esther was able to tell him that,
and she did so very prettily.
"You have been very busy, Prince?"
she asked. He answered with a shru«c
and took a cigarette from a little gold
case.
"Permit me," he said; "it Is a habit
of mine to smoke when any on«
speaks of business. As for that, yes:
my weeks have been laborious. 1
shot at Chantilly with the Duke; Oc
tober found me at Trouvllle. We
could ' have steamed from there to
Bayonne und come across to you. but.
after all. we might have been too late.
Regrets are useless. Life is short anil
travel is tedious. I remember that en
ergy Is really very troublesome. It
earns a statue In a - market place or
a tomb In a cathedral — I desire
neither. Admit the logic.""
"I don't admit it at all. Prince.
Others are better, surely, for our
work, and are we not all in some great
scheme of things, each with his own
part to play? You make fun of it, or
1 would argue with you. I can see
that you are not serious."
He blew a little cloud of smoke into
the still air — and seemed to muse for
a little while; then he said:
"Perhaps I am not. The day will
come which will find me awake. Let
me postpone it as long as possible
while I tell you that you would make
an excellent priest if you were not too
pretty. Believe me, Miss Esther, I
am dumb with surprise."
Esther read a deeper meaning in
his compliment and did not rssent it.
She thought that she understood this
man wholly as she had never under
stood a human -being In her life. When
she was with Francisco Xavier there
had often been a sense of the obscure
end the unrevealed and it perplexed
The upturned mustache she found par
ticularly 'characteristic of his country
men; .his crisp), curly hair, parted in
the' center, had been well brushed back
from a pleasing forehead. Very clear
lustrous eyes spoke of exercise and
healthy : habits. His skin was > unusually
falr;for one of a southern race. She
Judged " him , to • be almost six feet in
height, but not quite. ".He had an easy,
graceful manner, although" it was a lit
tle masterful, by reason of an old habit
of 'authority' and " privileged ' When 'she
came to know him better Esther dis
covered that the Prince could not
brook , contradiction. . His own master
from an early age, he regarded men,
and women,, too, as his servants; and
this. service he rewarded with a gener
osity which was ; often as foolish as it
was undeserved. He had many talent3,
but rarely chose to apply them patient
ly or with perseverance. One by one
he visited the cities of Europe, and
made his dwelling there until he
had exhausted the city's pleasures.
At the present time he was in
Paris until some new adventure
should engage him, and this sud
den unlooked-for encounter with
her whom he called "the pretty
English girl" at least amused him.
Simply saying, "Permit me," he drew
a chair to the table, anfi at once order
ed a waiter to bring them coffee. When
he had lighted a . cigarette, he asked
her of the doctor —
"I have come to Paris to see him,
and I hear he has gone to Marseilles.
There are very few men whom I would
travel a mile to see. The Duke of
Montalvan happens to be the excep
tion."
find - Madame Julia there to tell us
what to do. - Look ; yonder; that's a
cafe, mademoiselle.' 'You have hone, In
England— ah, you don't know how to
Uve! How should you when you have
no cafes!" * / '
They had turned into the great boule
vard by, this time,' and all i the garish
life of Paris went crying, laughing, roll
ing before their eyes. Esther had read
'something of the city in the guide
books years ago ; . but \ the reality • was
bo very • different— from her ~ child
ish conceptions. She wondered if
there were one sad person in this Paris
of actuality. ' The shaded walks, the
noisy boulevard, cafes, shops, churches,
suggested a 'scene which a novelist
might depict but which could not ex
ist Esther found herself asking a
hundred questions; she cried out with
delight at every changing pageant. The
journey was, in truth, too short; and
when the cab stopped before the doors
of the" Rltz Hotel she was almost sorry
that it was over.
"Is It here, Suzanne, is this the ho
tel?" she asked.
"It is the Rltz, mademoiselle. You
have never seen anything like It. I
will go and find out which rooms you
are to have."
Suzanne discovered that their rooms
were upon the first floor, a little suite
overlooking the fountain and the
courtyard. The dainty taste of the old
French furniture captivated Esther;
the privacy consoled her; and when the
girl unpacked a taking gown of silk
and chiffon and had dressed her hair to
the best advantage, she could admit
that after all the ordeal below might
not be so terrible. So far. she was
He left her wondering at his agita
tion; and when he was gone" she leaned
back upon her couch of roses and
tried to master the. secret which ap
pealed more strongly to her " troubled
curiosity >very hour that she' remained
in that house of 'mysteries. The vain
task left her weary and fatigued. A
quarter of an "hour .passed _ and the
doctor did not return— she heard a dis
tant church clock strike one and still
he did not come. Fatigued and over
wrought, she succumbed at 'last and
fell into a gentle slumber. From this
she ' was awakened by the rustle of
a brocaded curtain and , some hushed
cry of surprise at. her "window; and
looking up, she beheld a face that she
recognized. It was that of the young
man whom Julia had named "The
Prince of Cadi."
us cultivate exactness.- In one month
from this day I will come to your
house and you shall answer me 'your
self.' Do you forbid it?"
"He leaned across the table so far
that Esther could almost feel his
breath upon her cheek. A true instinct
had told her from the first that" destiny
intended the Prince to play some part
in her own life. What part It might
be, she did not dare to think. She
knew only that she was attracted, by
hlnr as she had never been by any
other living being.* She felt that if he
commanded her, sh$ would obey: it
might even be would follow where he
willed. And he, in his turn, -schooled
to read women truly, was not Ignorant
of -his power. She was charming, he
thought, this little English girl; he
must know more of her.
"Will you permit me," he repeated.
"Will you permit me to come to the
chateau V.' ¦ «
"How can I forbid It, Prince? I am
Doctor Xavier's guest, and, pf course,
he would be glad to see you.
He laughed ironically at her sim
plicity.
"Glad — when he is crossing Europe
to avoid me! Oh, no; your friend, the
Doctor, does not tell you the truth.
Miss Venn, if he says that he Is glad
to see Arthur of Cadi! Naturally, he
says nothing. He would not wish you
to think that he stands between me
and my people; he would not admit
that because of him. I must lose a
kingdom and a home! No, I do not fear
him: it Is not that. But as I am cursed,
as my nation is cursed, with the fatal
ity of delay, I do not practice what I
preach. An idla stream Invites me to
drift upon it and I let my bark go
where it will. Some day It will be dif
ferent—ah! that splendid 'some day!' "
Esther had but the vaguest ideas of
these momentous matters to which he
referred, nor would she speak of them.
That some grave quarrel had driven
the two men apart was very evident,
but how it had come about, or of its
nature, she could- not form any im
pression. The stranger's confidence in
vited her own. She did not fear to in
terrogate him in her tuin.
"Have you known Doctor Xavier
long, Prince? Was he once a friend of
yours?"
"I will not deny it. I could not fair
ly. The fault is neither his nor mine —
it is caprice and a woman. Miss Venn,
tha fount and origin of every quarrel
that man takes part in. Have nothing
to do with either. Abjure the crimes
of your sex. Let me find a
main's heart and . a woman's eyes
when I coma to the chateau. It is a
promise — is it agreed that I am to
come?" .*sr.« :."¦'.
She was conscious of a new note in
his address; and her heart beat a
little quickly when she said:
"Shall I promise for "same day,'
then?" ;>: r 
"Xo," he said; "for to-night, that
you will be my friend!"
He held out his hand to her. re
peating the words. She did not know
what to say. Desiring his friendship
exceedingly, she could but stammer:
"I will tell you in Spain, Prince —
some day — some day."
When he had left her she remem
bered for the first time that the had
forgotten to call him "Highness."
Madame Julia arrived at the hotel
in time for dejeuner on the following
morning. Esther had thought much
of . the' Prince's words during tho
night, but she hesitated to speak of
their meeting until she discovered
that Julia was already aware both of
his arrival In Paris and of the en
counter in the corridor. For the first
time, since she had known her Esther
perceived that this fickle woman was
displeased with her and strangely
capricious. She did not complain, she
uttered no accusation, but sullenly re
tired to her own room and forbade
any one to come to her. Not until
they were together in the train for
the south did she seem to recent her
outbreak; and then, bursting into
tears, sh? kissed Esther passionately
and protested that she wished her
happiness.
"You were right to see him. dear. Of
course, you know my brother's wish..
You arc to to his wife some day. Why
should vou not have met him!"
Esther could not answer her. She
trembled like one grown suddenly
cold. She did not know whether it
were with pleasure or fear.
CHAPTER IX.
When Esther awpke In her room
upon the following morning she dis
covered a strange maid at her bed
side. The girl said that her name was
Suzanne and that she had been en
gaged by Madame Julia to accompany
them to the south. Esther liked her
face and did not hesitate to Invite her
confidence.
"Do you come from Paris, Su
zanne?" "*?:
"From Aries, mademoiselle; but I
was with monsieur at the Chateau St.
Paul, and I am to accompany you
there to-day. All your things are
packed and the tickets are taken. ' We
are going from Charing Cross at 11
o'clock." S. ¦¦;... .?=;» '¦¦¦:
Esther could scarcely believe her
cars. Dr. Xavier, she remembered,
had often spoken of his chateau on
the borders of Spain; but that he con
templated such an early departure
from London was never in her
thoughts. The events of last night un
doubtedly inspired • such a hasty
change of plans. They quitted London
because of that unhappy affair In the
garden, and their journey, In some
way, resembled a flight. This reflec
tion troubled her not a little. The
news was so unlooked for that she
could not at once realize It. ' •'-
"Does the doctor accompany us,
Suzanne?" she asked, dressing hastily
and with little care. "He did not
speak of this last night, and I had no
Idea we were going away so soon. I
certainly did not think it would be un
til Madame Julia returned."
Suzanne had no time for expana
tiong. She busied herself about the
room as though all the responsibility
of an anxious days were hors.
"We shall find madame at Paris,"
she said, stolidly. "It would be a pity
that she should return when we are
going. Monsieur has left th-» house
already and will meet us at the cha
teau. He asked me to say that he ia
sorry we must go alone; but we shall
do very well, you and I, mademoiselle,
for, of course, it is my own country
and I shall not lose myself there. Mon
sieur has left a letter for you in your
own room. We have not any time to
lose, but we need not hurry. Ah,
mademoiselle, we are lucky to go to
the Chateau St. Paul — it Is the most
beautiful house In all the world! Such
flowers, such gardens; and Toulouse
so near, when one begins to
want the shops. You know
Toulouse, mademoiselle, no? Then
monsieur will drive you there, and
you will say that It is Paris at the foot
of the mountains. I love the South'
This England is bo cold and sad. Whei
summer comes it only teases you and
goes away again before you know it is
here. It is always summer at the
Chateau St. Paul."
Suzanne had spoken of a letter from
Doctor Xavier; and this was delivered
<o Esther at the breakfast table. She
found it couched in affectionate words,
but brief, as the maid's instructions.
The doctor said, shortly, that business
of the gravest importance had called
him from London and would detain
him for some days. Ha was disap
»polnted that they should not make the
Journey to Chateau St. Paul together;
but Esther, he was sure, would excusw
him and weald hasten to his sister who
awaited her in Paris.
"London has nothing left," he wrote,
"why should we linger there? We shall
breathe in the mountains, camarade.
The purpose we have set ourselves to
achieve needs God's fresh air and the
breezes of the hill-lands. We shall find
them at the Chateau St. Paul. I count
upon your interest and fidelity. To
nlpht at the Ritz Hotel* in Paris you
will, find my sister Julia. She will be
your guide until I come. For the rest,
the maid has all things necessary. Do
not epeak of the little gift I am leaving
for you— these things are business and
friendship must not make them im
possible. I greet my little colleague
fraternally, and am her devoted, Xav
ier de Montalvan."
The gift of which he spoke was a*i
ivory purse containing English gold
and bank-notes to the value of a hun
dred pounds. Esther did not resent
this gift nor was she unwilling to
make use of it. She had never hidden
it from herself that she might be the
instrument of her patron's enduring
fame; and furthermore, the idea of be
ing alone upon the Continent without
money had at once occurred to her as
something even her courage could not
face. The tenor of the letter, indeed,
invited her confidence; and she began
to be not unpleasantly agitated at the
thought of seeing other countries and
other cities. When Suzanne announced
that the carriage was at the door, she
put on her cloak and hat with the ex
pectations of one who is going upon
some unlooked-for holiday; and from
that time until her arrival in Paris at
half-past 5 o'clock, she confessed that
she had no interest but those of the
changing pictures about her. The
sunny scene, the lake-like channel,
Calais with its babel of tongues, the
dreary sand-dunes by Boulogne, Amiens
and its tunnels," the hedgeless
monotonous plains of Northern France;
and lastly the grim fortifications, the
towering houses, the busy streets, the
bewildering labyrinths of that Paris
she had imagined so often, carried her
as In a dream to her journey's end.
And now Suzanne chattered — how
France inspired her! Esther said such
a talker she had never listened to; but
she was none the less glad that
Suzanne was with her at the Gare du
Nord to order about the chattering
porters and to lead her safely through
that deafening maze. ' " -
"Is it a big hotel, Suzanne?" she
asked, when they had left the station
and were clattering away toward the
boulevards. "Shall we get a room, do
you think?"
Suzanne was almost too amazed to
speak. As if any one who had not got
a room would go to the Ritz Hotel!
"Monsieur Xavier telegranhed this
morning, as If he would not,
moiselle! In France, he can command
anything, oh, all the world knows
Monsieur de Montalvan! There will be
the best rooms for him; and we shall
house and that woke me up," che said,
naturally enough. "Then, "while I
stood at the window, a man cried out,
and, of course, I was very much afraid.
I did not know what to think."
"Certainly you would not. The
friends who visited me to-night were
from the country of Cadi, Miss Venn;
some of them are Spanish mountain
eers; others are of the kingdom of
Andorra. They, sang at my request.
You hesitate to believe, perhaps, that
•I am a romantic person; but the re
verse Is very much th« case. The note
of song, the perfume of a flower can
recreate a country for me. When I
hear Buch a wild hill song as you
heard to-night, I quit the cities and be
come a free man of the woods again.
My heart Is in Spain and will ever be
60. Some day, let your happiness and
opportunities be what they may, you
may know the same longing for your
own country — for a lane in that pretty
Devonshire you have left, or a scene
associated with your childhood— as I
have known to-night. I ''could wish
you no better fortune than to hope
that you will be able to gratify such
a natural desire. There is nothing
on earth quite eo bitter as expatria
tion from the land of your birth."
It was plain to Esther that he suf
fered much In this admission; and
while the vague innuendos of his
promise perplexed her, and she could
not imagliui under what circumstances
ehe could be an exile from England,
ehe perceived that his regret was very
real, and that all this splendor of
home and power cf riches meant noth
ing to him If it might not lead him
back ultimately to the land of his
fathers.
"I could never leave my own country
forever," the exclaimed, sympathetical
ly; "Whatever new ties might bind
me, I should thh.k of Devonshire and
my childhood. If you wiEh me to go
abroad with you, please let It be on
the understanding that I can come
home when I wish. I could not con
cent to go otherwise, Doctor Xavier."
He looked at her in a kindly way,
and smiled at her womanly stipula
tion.
"Tussuf rives me a good account vt
you. I hear that you are a willing pu
pil and are following my prescriptions
faithfully. The alarm which you suf
fered to-night will t>e useful if it
teaches you that courage is one of the
finest gifts of your womanhood. There
ere many things to alarm us in life, if
we do not use our brains and ask our
selves if we are right to t>e afraid. Of
that, however. I do not wish to speak
any more. The men who have quarrel
ed must settle their own differences.
They are nothing to me. I am more
concerned in your own experiences.
Miss Venn. You must forgive me If I
question you a little closer."
Esther said that she was very will
ins to answer him and in her own
simple way tried to tell him of the
treatment Ehe had undergone ted of
its effects as the realized them.
"I am much stronger and very
happy. Doctor," she said. "The
baths do me a great deal of good.
Of course it is very quiet and
restful here, and I feel as though all
the cares of life had been suddenly
taken from me. I do not want to go
away; and yet 1 have the energy to
do all sorts of mad things. The garden
is a fairyland; sometimes I wonder If
I really am Esther Venn or somebody
else. Every one has been bo kind to
me. I can not speak too well of the
servants."
He nodded his head; and taking a
lamp from a bracket, he held it high
above her head that he might see her
face more clearly.
"Let me look at you, Esther," he
said; "let me see if I can be'.ieve you."
She looked ud at him, a little
ashamed at his scrutiny; but under
standing it, nevertheless. For quite a
long time he regarded her as a sculp
tor might have regarded a statue upon
which he was working. The result,
aparently, gratified him. He set down
the lamp and vent on with his ques
tions.
"You ray that you can rest here; it
is a good sign. A disposition to rest
is one of the secrets of health; and
health is indispensable to our success.
Miss Venn. For the present we will
go on as we have begun. When we
have left England for the mountains.
It will be time enough to speak of
change. If I am gratified with what
has been done, at ths same time; I
make no rash promises. Your obedi
ence is a kindness to me and earns my
cratitude. Add to it by permiting m e
to make vet one more observation — I
think it will interest rou."
He turned upon his heel, and enter-
Ins his own study Esther heard him
unlock a bureau and afterward lock it
again. When he returned, he carried
upon his arm a long blue robe with a
hood attached and a girdle trailing
upon the ground. This he asked her
to put on, and helped her to do with
an interest that he could not conceal.
Esther perceived that the c!oak was of
a strange fashion ar.d apparently old;
she had never seen a more perfect
shade of blue or one so rich and
pleasing. Why she should be asked to
wear such a robe, or for v."hat purpose,
the could net conceive. That it came
from Spain the never doubted. She
had seen a picture by Murillo in the
National Gallc-ry. and the Madonna
there was gowned in stioh a cloak as
this. Moreover, a cross of diamonds
edorned the hood and there were other
religious emblems In gold and Jewels,
while a short cape falling from the
shoulders was embroidered with pas
sion flowers. When Esther had put
the robe on, she discovered that it
was too long for her. and fell in folds
about her feet: but the Doctor had no
sooner fastened the silver clasD be
neath her chin than he uttered a
leud cry cf astonishment and stepped
back like one delighted ct his handi
work.
"Inez del Cadi!— it is Inez del Cadi!"
he muttered, again and again; and as
though to convince himself beyond
doubt, he lit up other lamps, which the
roses shielded, until a dazzling light
fell upon them and gave a newer ra
diance to the splendid blue and ths
ehecn of the glimmering cross.
"It Is a miracle, mademoiselle—noth
ing less than a miracle!" the doctor
went on, enraptured. "Some day you
shall profit by it. I can not tell you
now; you would not understand."
Esther confessed that understanding
was impossible; nevertheless, she
would have ventured a question but
for the sudden clang of a bell In the
outer courtyard and an answering echo
of footsteps heard upon the gravel
paths. This tinkling: signal immedi
ately arrested Doctor Xavier's atten
tion, and, listening: intently for a min
ute, he appeared to be the possessor
of Eome new Idea.
"Stay," he exclaimed, "my friends
return— I must not refuse them. Walt
here— it is lucky and may help us."
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALII
2The carriage stopped with his words,
and they alighted quickly and went
up to" the splendid apartment he had
engaged for her in the Avenue Hoche.
Esther has never forgotten that great
white salon dimly lighted by shaded
lamps, so full of riches, so dainty In
Its minutest ornament; that salon in
which she stood to say "Good night"
to her friend and benefactor. For a
moment she paw him, his kindly eyes
beaming upon her, his cloak thrown
back, his white glove crushed between
¦his Iron fingers; then, without a word,
he was gone, and Suzanne, her maid!
stood at her elbow.
"You have given me life itself!" she
exclaimed. "I could never thank you
enough! I have no words to thank
you. You are the best, the only friend
I- have ever known!"
He drew her to him and kissed her.
- "Call me that alwaj-s, camarade — call
me that whatever befall."
His mood alarmed her not a little.
All the best instincts of her generous
nature were anakened by this appeal.
She felt like one who is asked by a
father, '"Do you trust me?" She longed
to tell him much, but could say so
little.
. "Yes," he said, "I made a promise
and I have redeemed it. You are the
most beautiful woman In Paris to
night. The world is open to you. You
have in your hands a power which is
the most subtle a -woman can possess.
Use it for the good of those who win
your love and confidence. . In my own
time we nill bestow our secret upon
others, but that day is not yet. Per
haps it may never be. Destiny plays
strange tricks with us when opportuni
ty is our need. I am more concerned
to-night, Esther, that you should call
me friend. It may mean something in
the days to come."
"You have kept it— kept it a
hundred times:" she exclaimed re
proachfully. "I have known noth
ing but happiness in your house.
You have shown me another world.
How can you ask such a question!"
He turned away and looked at the
shimmering pavement upon which a
few flakes of the drifting snow had
begun to melt.
"Esther."- ho said presently, "I made
a' promise to you in London six months
ago. Say. carr.arade. have I kept it
or have I failed?"
A, ecu; tented smile crossed his face,
• nd he drew hor arm through his own.
"It is time tor us to go home, cama
rafie," ho said; "our work is done."
She did not read the meaning of his
words aright, nor could she quite un
derstand that almost pathetic kindness
with which he had treated her since
they chitted £pain. The vast rooms
were still crowded when she returned
to them. Eyes followed her now as
they had followed her two hours ago.
She heard the echo of voices, the
music of the violins; and then she
passed out to the crowded courtyard,
&nd finding their brougham, she asked
why thev were alone.
"My sister has gone on to the house
cf the Comte de Fleurv," was his an
swer. *"Do not be anxious about her,
camarado; she is old enough to take
care of herself. I wish to talk to you
a little to-night; we shall have few
opportunities."
The carriage rolled out into the
broad Faubuurg St. Germain, and the
jdarkness of the gloomy street fell
upon them. Esther became aware that
the, doctor was still holding her hand
end regarding her with those deep-set
eyes which, she thought, could read
her very sou!. For five mouths now
she fts^d been as closely associated with
this stN^nge personality as any daugh
'ter witny the father of her house;
nevertheless she could say that he was
almost a stranger still. Moods of gen
tleness or of irritation, absent moods,
the zeal of the scientist, sometimes the
passion of the fanatic and the exile,
baffled and repelled her. To-night his
voice was caressing as a child's. He
held her hand affectionately while he
spoke. She understood that he had to
tell of giave matters.
The doctor, indeed, had already re
turned, acd stood now in the door of
the conservatory, watching her with
that close scrutiny of which she was
conscious bometimc-s even when she
could not see his face. A little to her
surprise, he did not address her com
panion, nor did the Prince wait for
him to do so. Simply saying, "Until
to-morrow!" the young man bowed
and left her, and she went up, in some
confusion, to her friend.
"I have beeu wailing for you," 6he
pleaded. "it must be very late."
She was a little afraid of his sud
den ardor and she stood up to escape
u -gesture which was almost a caress.
"I have no right to see you," she
protested. "And there is Doctor Xa
vier — he is looking for me!"
and restrained her. This young Span
iard of the cities never once left her In
doubt. A child would have under
stood him — he was utterly unable to
hide hSs impulses either for good or
eviL Esther knew to-night that he
loved het; she read his story in every
glance.
"Yes," he continued impulsively,
throwing away his cigarette and bend
ing over her until she could feel his
hot breath upon her cheek, "you are
the most beautiful thing in all the
world! Paris has told you so, but it
is the truth. Your face haunts me — it
haunts me, I Bay! I shall come to the
Avenue Hoche to-morrow — I shall fol
low you wherever you go; I defy you
to forbid me — "
"There Is the carriage, mademoiselle,
and the Bo!s. It is not good to be in
the house when the sun Is shining. You
must make friends "in Paris— ah! you
will not be long about that! When one
is beautiful all the doors are open!
Take, my advice, mademoiselle, and
drive to-day. We can think about
England afterward. Oh, the good God
forbid that it does not snow when we
go out there!" !JS§Rfim8^
Esther, acting still like one in a
dream, said that it might be as Su
zanne dictated; and afterward she
dressed herself, deliberately and but
Esther put the letter down, and
standing at the open window she
watched the people In the sunny
avenue below. Her first thought was
that they were strangers to her, and
that she had been left utterly alone in
this great city. That Doctor Xavier
would change his mind, or retprn, she
knew to be impossible. Every sentence
in that letter spoke finality, the end of
those months of wonder and surprise.
The play was done with; she must face
the world alone. Esther pressed her
hands to her forehead like one Incapa
ble of clear thought, while she asked
herself many times what she should do,
whither turn, where seek a friend! Was
it all real, or were those months of
mystery but creatures of imagination?
Would she awake in London in her
garret, the unknown, uncared-for
country girl? The glass forbade that
hallucination. Her own. beauty was a
precious thing to her" now. And none
could rob her of it. Esther stood sud
denly and asked herself if that were
so! Would Francisco Xavier'S-gift en
dure?. Some whisper of an evil premo
nition told her that it might not
Suzanne came into the room anon and
asked her what she wished to do. The
girl was evidently aware of her mas
ter's^ departure; but she waited for
Esther to speak of it.
"XAVIER DE MONTALVAN."
"Dear Miss Venn: Your determina
tion to consider me Btill as your friend
will allow something to that necessity
which compels me to quit Paris
so abruptly, and will forgive the
brief farewell which alone is pos
slbie in this emergency. Such facts of
my life as have become known to you
during the pleasant months we have
labored in a common cause have
taught you that, if science is much to
me, my country is more. Events,
< hanging and swift, call an exile from
his retreat and command his service.
My fellow-countrymen summon me and
I go to them, whether it be for good or
i'l I know not; but as a patriot and a
servant I accept tho call. The same
cause compels, me, for the moment, to
restore to you that independence of life
and action which I asked of you six
months ago. We have set ourselves an
aim and we have reached it. More elo
quent that any words of mine must be
that vi/ice of Paris which you have
heard so unmistakably and will hear
again in these happy days which I
trust await you. The gift which you
possess is the rarest and most precious
which women can win. It will open
every door to you. Set no confines to
your ambition, save those which your
own character and actions may trace.
Use it as becomes your wise discretion
and your gentle disposition. Remem
ber that there Is nothing beyond your
reach if your wisdom is your master.
Some day, it may be, yenir destiny and
mine tjrUl draw us together again. I
leave that to the unwritten future, but
for the present I .say that the man of
science thanks you. that the friend re
members you. The rooms which you
occupy in Paris are your own, for your
occupatic-n or disposal as you may
think fit. And, furthermore, the Bank
of France has my instructions to pay
to you upon the first days of January
and July in each year the sum of
twenty-five thousand francs, that you
may be deprived of nothing to which
my own way of life has accustomed
you. This trifling obligation you will
permit t»o a man whose vanity you have
flattered and whose scientific fame you
have assured. Believe me that his
farewell is not spoken lightly or with
out a sense of that kindness and pati
ence he has suffered at your hands,
and you will find him always in mem
ory and grateful homage,
"Your devoted
She indicated an envelope upon the
large writing table at the farther end
of the room and Esther recognized
at once the strange handwriting of
her friend and muster. She had been
not a little mystified last night by the
enigmatical words which Dr. Xaxier
addressed to her, and now when she
heard that he had quitted the house
and that this letter was his message,
she oi'<?ned it very anxiously and read
it through to the end as something at
present beyond her understanding. The
formality of it startled her. She had
not reed many lines when she realized
it was a letter of farewell.
"14 AVENUE HOCHE,
it seems so selfish to go on." * r
"Not selfish at all, mademoiselle.
Every one 'goes on' in Paris. Perhaps
Madame Julia will never come back at
all. I do not know.. There is the doc
tor's letter."
Esther laughed at her drollery, but
she was, none the less, a little troubled
at Julia's absence.
"Did mudame leave no message,
Suzanne? t>he must be staying at a
friend's house. Perhaps I ought not to
have my breakfast until she comes;
hill lands had .taught her to shrink,
the romance of her life had been
found. Esther, recalling the scene at
the Duke's house, closed her eyes and,
like one who dreamed while waking,
she repeated Arthur's words.
"He loves me," she said, "he loves
me— -and to-morrow I shall see him!"
There is no hour more susreme in
a young girl's life than this. Content
in her dreams Esther fell asleep at
last and did not wake until the morn
ing was far advanced, and a newer
stronger y oIce oi Paris echoed in the
avenue beneath her window. She
knew It was very late, and in that
6uspicion the untiring Suzanne con
firmed her when she came bustling
into the room with the steaming cof
fee and the dainty bath gown.
"Ah, mademoiselle, how you x have
slept! It is almost time for dejeuner.
And the doctor left so early. Do you
know it is 11 o'clock — of course not;
we never know what time it is when
we arc asleep."
"At what time did Madame Julia re
turn, Suzanne?" she asked of the bus
tling maid; "it was very late, I am
sure."
. Suzanne, skimming about the room
like a bird, answered gayly:
"Ah, she was late enough, made
moiselle, for she is not yet returned.
It is always like that in Paris. You
walk, you drive, you laugh, you eat —
but sleep! — heaven, who would sleep
here! There's so much to see. It
would be a betise to sleep, made
moiselle."
"If your people like me," she said,
expressing all her doubt. "Are you
sure of it. dear Arthur? Have you
thought what the consequences of dis
like mlzht be for us?"
He leant back upon the cushions and
tried to play the philosopher.
"I never quarrel with the present,
Esther," he said. "We lose half the
happiness of life when we ask ques
tions about to-morrow. Does It really
concern us. except sentimentally? I
am a rich man; and whether I tnaka
my home in France or in Spain you
will share it. That is enough for me.
If Gaudarez comes back and tells me
unpleasant things I shall not cross the
frontier. The lamb who lies down with
the wolf is not accustomed to dine
upon mutton. If Cadi says "no,* very
well; we will return to Paris and
shake the snow off our heels. But it
is foolish to anticipate that which may
not happen. My people are romantic
and our little story will please them.
I have implored , Gaudarez to lose no
time. He understands how much de
pends upon him. The rest of the pro
gramme Is our own. We arrive at
Foix about sunrise; it Is a long drive
through the hills, but my horse can do
it in eight hours. .We should be at St.
Girons in time for dinner. The place
She listened patiently, although her
suspicions were awakened. From tha
first she had told herself that sooner
or later a cloud would darken the hor
izon of her happiness. Here was the
truth at last. Esther would not hide
It from herself that if this law of Cadi
were strictly enforced, her marriage
could be nothing but morganatic.
Spain would not recognize her; she
would occupy the least enviable posi
tion that can fall to a wife.
"Ah," he said, "my people will for
give me when they see you — I never
dc-ubted it! They must forgive me!"
She looked up at him a little*
troubled.
"Are they so very terrible, then, your
people, Arthur?"
"They are not tenibl*. they are
merely foolish. But the law Is there;
and I am the first man who has ever
broken it." ;•
"I do not understand you, dearest;
please tell me."
"There is nothing to tell," he con
tinued, with a gayety which was so
plainly forced that It did not deceive
her. "By the law of Cadi I am sup
posed to marry a Spaniard. I hava
not done so. Very well, my people will
be amused. At first, perhaps, they will
grumble; but afterward, when they
see you. little wife — ah, then—"
He kissed her again, like one who
would thus silence her suspicions. He
did not tell her that by tha law of
Cadi the penalty for that which he had
done was death.
"You should have told me before.
dear," she pleaded, with a gentle pro
test. "I do not think It was right of
you to have kept it from me."
He mocked her fears, but so caress
ingly that she could not resist him.
"The girl who has reigned In Paris
will certainly reign In my own coun
try," he said. "Are you not the most
beautiful thing in all the world? Let
them search Europe — where would they
find such a wife for me? You know
that they could not, Esther — the- gla33
tells you so every day! You ar» min»—
mine! and I would not give you up for
all the kingdoms of th» world!"
He went on to blame himself for his
candor, assuring her that th» very law
had long been forgotten in Spain and
promising her .that when she met old
Xavier again she would be tha mis
tress and not the pupil.
"We are a free people, but w» lova
our Prince. While he observes tha
common law, nothing Is denied him.
They will fete us to the end of time.
little wife. We shall dine all day and
feast all night Tou must like Cadi!
I say that it Is the greatest city in
Europe, and the palace haa been the
treasure house of kings. Quadaxez
goes on to make everything ready for
us. I have ordered carriages to meet
us at Foix to-morrow at dawn, and we
shall reach St. Girons in time for
breakfast. Ah, manw, what days of
love before us — what days of love!"
exactly as he wished me to do. It re
mains to be known if I am wise."
He did not admit to Esther the grave
doubt which harassed him; in truth,
his object appeared to be so to occupy
her time that she should have neither
the leisure to repent nor th» will to
draw back. And in this he easily suc
ceeded. It seemed to her but yester
day that he had said, "I love you!"
and the words were still In her ears
when Suzanne awoke her upon her
wedding day. From that moment her
Impressions were blurred and vague.
She remembered the sunny streets of
Paris, the white satin clinging to her
subtle limba, the orange blossoms twin-
Ing about her splendid veil — but
distantly, as in a dream. Paris said
that the Church of St. Eustache had
rarely been so crowded. Esther recol
lected little of that service. She re
called the press of figures, lights
against a background of gold; towering
palms, the face of a priest, another face
—that of the man she loved, close to
her own and whispering often Ja
t'aime! The concluding scenes were at
the church door where the beggars of
Paris pressed close upon the skirts o?
the rich. Esther remembered driving
away In the Baronne's brougham to the
Hotel d'Arbols t In the Faubourg St. Ger
main. A hundred women kissed her
there, men pressed her hands; she
heard the music of a string band; she
saw her husband everywhere, his uni
form of white and gold conspicuous
even in that abode of color. Then,
swiftly, the scene changed. Maids
were busy over her. She put on a
pretty gown of green and gold with
sable about the neck of it. Congratu
lations were showered upon her. She
passed down the Immense stalrcasa
where the soldiers of the serried ranks
were those of the guards of Paris. A
carriage conveyed her quickly to the
station. She remembered that Gau
darez, the captain, chaffed her hus
band about the tickets. A bell rang,
a horn was blown, the train steamed
out of the station upon its way to tha
south. She was alone with her hus
band at last. The coupe which had
been engaged for them seemed so full
of flowers that Esther thought their
very odor insupportable. Arthur's first
act was to let down one of the win
dows a little way and to speak of his
friend Gaudarez.
"He Is a , splendid fellow," he ex
claimed, waving a- hand to a distant
figure on the platform, "and he follows
us to-night. Of course, our people must
know at once. He will go on to Cadi
to-morrow. It is a long journey, and
I could not take you there without a
rest. Come, little wife, there are none
to see — I must kiss you! — must!—
He covered her face with passionate
kisses and holding her close with a
Spaniard's ardor, he made the confes
sion Cue to her.
He settled himself upon the sofa and
watched her face intently while he
spoke.
"Then let us go back a little way,
and I will ask you a question. What do
you know of my country— what do you
know of. Cadi, Miss Venn?"
"I know; little. Prince, practically
nothing." .
"I have always heard that the Eng
lish are unpopular in Spain," she re
marked, aimlessly. "Why should I be
the exception." , .
"Because you are the individual and
not the nation. It Is only . a lunatic
who quarrels with others because they
are hot fellow-countrymen. I have
been twice round • the globe and it
seems* to me that a man who- is born in
San Francisco is -at heart much the
same as the man who" is born in Paris.
He eats, . drinks and sleeps; he loves
and r is loved— lucky man! Let us leave
him for a moment and return, to Spain.
I have not a timetable with me or I
would have looked out our train; but I
think it. will be the Sud express, Miss
Venn,' at- half-past seven In the
evening." . A ¦;-
She. put down her cup, determined to
be serious. i*-^£v
"Why., do you speak, like this.
Prince?" she protested; "why do you
offend me?",. ¦•:•'. '"
"Then,you are offended? No, I refuse
to believe it. You are merely unaware
of the circumstances. I will tell you
about them; I came to do so — if you do
not forbid me?"
' "No, I am anxious to hear them."
"I have always believed Doctor
Xavier to be my friend," she confessed
with some concern. "If I do not know
"Upon mine? Oh, please do not say
that. I have never doubted Doctor
Xavier's honor."
"Then you are probably the first per
son who has paid him such a compli
ment. I came here to-night to recite a
little page of history. Do not imagine
that I am the hero of the story— far
from it; I am the dupe. Francisco
Xavier shall get his Ceserts, no more,
no less. 1 will tell you the truth about
him." V.. :
"Doctor Xavier went away very
early," she said, ; off ering him the only
possible explanation she could give.
"I had no idea he was going, or I
should not have allowed you. to call
upon me. He has gone to Spain; the
affairs of his country call him there."
"Of his country and of mine; of
course. Do you know what I am ask
ing myself just now, Miss Venn? I see
that you do not. Well, I am asking
myself precisely how . far Francisco
Xavier has played upon your^credull
ty-" <yii
She did not tell him that she was not.
His attack was so swift, his manner so
irresistible," that she had neither the
opportunity to forbid nor the will to
deny him. For the first time since the
Doctor had left her, she realized that
she was not alone in Paris. Why
should she send away the one friend
she had found? : C if- : v-^-V;;^V,v ;
all about it I am sure you are anxi
ous." .
• She had nothing to urge against it,
although the doubt he had expressed
remained in her thoughts. He, how
ever, was full of his .scheme, and
chiefly of that part of it which con
cerned his kingdom.
"Old Xavier believes that he has out
witted me, but we shall see!" he said,
like one anxious. to be convinced. "You
owe I him much, Esther, and we . must
be kind , to ' him. I have always been
willing to honor him if he would con
sent to .serve. But he desires to be the
master. He ' believes that he can
rule in Cadi and that the. people will
banish me. I imagine he is greatly
mistaken. You see that I am doing
CHAPTER XII.
The marriage of the reigning Prince
of Cadi to one whom Paris had already
learned to call "La Belle Inconnue,"
was tho brief sensation of a winter
month. People discussed little else for
many days. A beautiful woman had
come to the city; she had been seen,
she had conquered. The pretty ro
mance made gossip for tne cafes Nvhile
it entertained the salons with eloquent
mendacities. From the chroniques
scandaleuses you got a hundred ver
sions, every one of them a lie. Some
said that the bride was an American of
fabulous wealth; others declared that
her English was acquired, ar.d that she
came from Spain. There were twenty
apologies for the hasty marriage, and
each of them more false than the other.
In the end, Paris came to the con
clusion that it really was a young
man's story. It remained for the
Prince's friends to declare that he had
sold himself for good bank notes, and
that his repentance would be speedy.
Esther knew nothing of this, nor did
any unkind word reach her ears. She
had promised to marry Prince Arthur,
because she believed that by marriage
he would save his kingdom. So little,
until thl3 moment of decision, had she
dared to consider the question, that
even until the end she could not wholly
understand how greatly she loved and
was beloved in her turn. The morning
brought his roses; together they break
fasted at Durand's or one of the great
er cafes. The afternoon found them
driving in the Bols: there were dinners
and theaters at night. • What time had
she for that preparation so necessary!
If it had not been for the Prince's
friend, the untiring laughing, scheming
Pauline. Baronne d'Arbois, Esther de
clared that she would never have been
married at all.
• Pauline, Baronne d'Arbois, has been a
leading figure in the later-day world of
Paris. The church, the state, the
salon, the theater, have, in turn, been
ruled by her. Prince Arthur had no
friend more enthusiastic, perhaps none
so frequently embarrassing. When
Pauline heard of his approaching mar
riage, when she learned that his bride
was alone and friendless in the city, no
carriage was fast enough to carry her
to Esther's side.
"Ah, my child!" she exclaimed in
rapture, "what a splendid secret — and
all Paris knows of it! I have come here
at dear Arthur's request. You must
let me be a sister to you. You must
positively leave everything in my
hands."
Esther was overawed by this well
schooled woman of the world, and
cheerfully gave up her independence.
She had exacted from Arthur a prom
ise that their marriage should be In
some part a secret, and he had acqui
esced willingly enough.
"Secret or public, what does it mat
ter if if gives me Esther!" he an
swered. "I will be married in a cellar,
if it please you. Of course, we must
not forget your English birth. There
will be a ceremony at the embassy and
afterward at St. Eustache. The Bar
onne will be there — no gate in Paris
could shut her out. We shall have to
tolerate her because we are going to
her house to breakfast afterward. I
have thought about all the rest, and It
is quite settled. We shall take the Sud
express to my chateau at St. Girons.
Guadarez, the captain of my . civil
guard and my oldest friend, will go on
to Cadi with the news. If, as I expect,
the people receive it with acclamation,
we shall spend a fortnight at the cha
teau and then visit our capital. You
need not ask if I look forward to that
day! Ah, to take you to them, Esther,
to take the most beautiful thing in all
the world!". - if'--
"How should you? It ia not old Xa
vier's habit to make a confidant of hl3
friends. Even I sometimes fail to un
derstand him. Why. for instance, has
he left you in Paris? Shall I say that it
is because he wishes you to be my
wife?"
"No, no! indeed no!" she cried, draw-
Ing away from him; but he held her
hand and drew her toward him in spite
of herself.
"Let us make an end of the riddles."
he said. "You know that I love you.
you have known it since that night I
first found you In this city and spoke
the promise. Can such a man as I am
be mistaken? If I were a boy, the son
of one city— yes, I might deceive my
self; but I, who have traveled twice
round the world, who have known the
best and the worst of men and women
— Esther, could I deceive myself? No,
no, I love you with all a man's heart—
I shall love you to my life's end! Es
ther, you can save me — you can save
my country. Come with me, come to
Cadi as my wife!"
She tried to silence him. but the
words failed her; and overwhelmed and
trembling, she let him close his arms
about her and felt his lips upon her
own, and knew that her destiny was
this.
cries In the streets were for Xavier de
Montalvan. The papers that I signed
were his handiwork; the laws were his
laws. But the army was mine! I drove
him out of Cadi and France approved.
Henceforth I was my own master In
name and deed— you are Interested,
Miss Venn? I do not weary you?"
Esther, unable -to take her eyes from
his face, showed how great her interest
was.
"But you, yourself. Prince— why are
ycu not at Cadi now?"
"I will tell you in a word. Because I
have not fulfilled Cadi's law."
He shifted uneasily In his seat and
turned away from her while he spoke.
"By the custom . at a thousand
years," he said, "the princes of my
country must marry within a year of
their accession. That year is up In ten
days from this day. If I let the tenth
day pass and remain as I am, my king
dom goes to another — my rights, my
possessions, my authority are taken
from me.. Francisco Xavier is ban
ished, but his name remains beloved
of his friends. In ten days he will
achieve his ends. Do you know why he
quitted Paris this morning?"
He turned his ardent eyes upon her,
but she could not meet that steadfast
gaze, and stammering a commonplace
would have concealed her agitation
thus.
, "I am very sorry for you. Prince. If
I had known — "
half aware of that which she was do
ing. In the park her carriage was
second to none. She knew that men
turned and stared at her, that women
whispered when she passed them by.
But their homage meant little. Two
questions agitated her unceasingly.
Why had Doctor Xavier left her in
Paris? What was her own future to
be? The generous allowance of which
the letter had spoken was a. recom
pense. In some way, unearned; and yet
in others her due. She was wise
enough to see that she had large claims
upon her benefactor. • For six months
she had devoted herself, heart and soul,
to his service. Some humiliations were
inseparable from such an aim as he
pursued. Esther had given unstint
ingly, and this was her reward. She
was quite a long while before she un
derstood that her allowance was to be
two thousand pounds a year, and that
the" furniture and the rooms in the
Avenue Hoche were her own. When
she returned to those rooms at five
o'clock the drive had refreshed her, and
her first perturbation haa passed. She
was alone, truly; but how fortunate in
her loneliness! A letter from the Bank
of France Informed her that the sum
of one thousand pounds stood there to
her credit. The whole -*vorld was open
to her If she did not care to make Paris
her home. Perhaps she thought of
Devonshire and the cathedral city, and
of the lanes and gardens of her own
country. But if she had any mind to
visit them, an influence more potent
restrained her. She remembered the
THE SAN FRANCISCO- SUNDAY CALL.
She could not sleep, and the strange
room contributed to her unrest. It
was very tasteful, very complete; but
its old French furniture, its parquet
flooring, the long stiff glasses and the
plctureless walls robbed it of homeli
ness and suggested the visit. Esther
regretted in some way the pretty
chalet at Thonon and the life in the
country of vines. At the worst, she
thought, they would spend a few
¦weeks In Paris before returning to the
sunshine and the south. If she had
any consolation it was in her . own
precious secret, but half confessed
even to herself. Here in this city,
from whose sights and sounds the
Esther slept but little that night
Despite her desire to sleep, the scene
she had quitted haunted her and she
could not escape it. In some measure,
too, the ominous "good night" which
Doctor Xavier had spoken warned
her of impending change and of some
new -way of life at present undeclared.
She feared that such a change might
not be without Its dangers. The for
tune which had come to her might,
said an evil voice of foreboding, be
taken away. In moods of depression
she would imagine herself helpless,
friendless, the inconspicuous figure of
the theater's door. From such moods
the mirror was her habitual refuge.
She knew that she had become a very
beautiful woman.
CHAPTER XL
"Do you take tea, Prince?" she asked,
interrupting him with a commonplace.
He threw away his cigarette and held
out his hand. .
"From . you it will be nectar. We
Spaniards' po-lson ourselves with choco£
late; but you will make me your Eng
lish tea In Spain, and we shall call '5
o'clock' a fashion. Let us take, that
which is best from both countries and
begin with ourselves."
He laughed at his own idea, and be
gan to" sip the steaming, tea. „ His jest
brought the blood to Esther's cheeks.
She was sure, that she ought to protest,
but she had not a word to say for her
self.
The ridula of it silenced her. . She
could neither answer nor .help him.
When Suzanne carried in the tea-tray,
she was relieved. She dreaded, she
knew not why, that which must. come
after.
"What have you to do with it? Yes,
as your Shakespeare says, 'That Is the
question.' • Why did he quit Spain and
go to England? Why am I an idler in
Paris when I should be at the head of
my people? Is it not all a splendid puz
zle, a game of chess v.ith human fig
ures? Oh, do not think that he is not
cltvcr! There is iio-t a i:ner head in
Europe! I am no more able to stand
against him than the shingle against
the sea. Hut I make a move, neverthe
less; that is why I am here to-night."
anything of his past. I cannot blame
him. Why should he have told me.
Prince? What have I to do with it?"
He leaned back upon the cushions of
the sofa and laughed a little ironically.
"As I thought; it is scarcely, I imag
ine, a name to you."
"It certainly is no more."
"In your school days, perhaps, you
saw it' marked as a little yellow spot
upon the maps of Spain and France.
Yc-u heard that a Prince ruled it under
the suzerainty of the republic. You
have read that its people were Spanish,
wild mountaineers, hardy fellows of the
hills. If you had been a reader of
travelers'" books— which heaven grant
you are not! — you would haye known
that it is a rich country because of its
mines; and that in its capital, the town
of Cadi, there is the life, the gayety and
the society of an -older Paris. All that
is the schoolmaster's preparation for
our partible. One would have had to
read the newspapers very closely t«
write the inner story of that fascinat
ing state. 1 am not a historian— no, I
know .mo-re about a race horse than di
plomacy; but I will try to be your his
torian to-night. Cadi, Miss Venn, has
had many princes. I am the last of
them. Mr father died when I was 13
years old,, and, by the laws of my
country, a Regent was appointed. That
Kegent was Francisco Xavier, your
friend. He educated me, he was my
guardian, friend, until my twentieth
year. I trusted him like -a brother.
From- my earliest days I had been
taught" that the loyalty of my people
was. unalterable. /Judge of my awak
ening -.when I discovered in my. twen
tieth year that if I were the Prince of
Cadi in name,' Francisco Xavier was in
deed! He had won the allegiance my
youth had lost. me. .A united state was
united-no longer. My friends were the
youth.^the romance of. my, country; his
were: the "wisdom, the balance, thw sa
gacity. .Twelve . months later they
called me to the throne. ; I found my
self- a '.'splendid' nonenity... The very
Prince — was he not still In Paris? Es
ther's cheeks were burning when she
reflected that he might come to her.
But it was not with fear, for she knew
that he loved her.
• * • ¦ i
He came at half-past five, driving a
pair of horses in a light mail-phaeton,
and wearing a long: coat trimmed with
sable and a cap to match It. The night
had set in chill and cold; filmy flakes
of snow began to fall as soon as the
sun had set. Esther was in the very
act of assuring Suzanne that she could
not possibly dine at a restaurant, when
the bell rang loudly, and that blithe
maid went hurrying away to answer it.
There had been many callers in the
Avenue Hoche since they came to Paris
— the flat had been besieged by idlers
abundantly; but Esther knew, with a
woman's instinct, that this was no
formal visitor, sent there at theydic
tates of curiosity. ,She was not at all
surprised when the Prince entered
without ceremony, and at once in-,
formed her that he knew of Doctor
Xavier' s absence.
"I defied you to forbid me,", he said
gailyi "and here I am. It is' snowing
outside, and my horses are gone. You
are far too generous to send me away,
Miss Venn. I appeal to your instincts
of pity." ¦'hi'J'll
He slipped off his fur coat, upon
which the glistening drops of. snow
were melting, and delighted, apparent
ly, by her embarrassment, he spoke of
Francisco Xavier.
"So El Demonio has gone to Spain,"
he Bald; "I heard the news in the
Jockey Club this morning. Naturally
my friends In Paris hasten to 'remind
me of my misfortunes." 'Your cause is
lost.' they tell me, Just at the moment
when I am saying that It Is, won! Per
mit me a cigarette, and I will tell you
3Continued Next' Sunday.
He asked her "what men?" pre
tending to be ignorant of It; but she
persisted:
"I went to my window and the snow
was untrodden — then I looked again
and there were soldiers riding up!
What is it, dear? Please tell me?"
He made a brave effort, but he
could not conceal his apprehensions
from her, and s,o, holding both her hot
hands in his and kissing her, he put
the best face he could upon It.
"Something: has happened — perhaps
It is Gaudarez who has news for me. I
have sent Martinez to the gate. You
must lock your door and wait until I
come up. Of course, there Is no dan
ger, but it is as well to be careful in
this wild place. . You must not be
frightened, Esther. The people about
here are all my friends;, they would
do anything for me."
He. broke off abruptly and dropped
her hands. A woman's wild scream,
ringing through the hall below, gave
him the lie and left in his eyes the wild
look of a hunted man. He kissed Es
ther passionately, his pulse throbbed in
every vein.
"I will soon settle this," he cried;
"wait until I come." And without an
other word he went down the stairs
and she was alone again.
She did not lock the door, it occurred
to her even then that he might be
driven and return to her. Holding a
candle in her hand she took up a posi
tion at the stairs head and waited
more fearfully than she nad ever done
in all her life. The suspense was in
tolerable; the shadows upon the wind-
Ing stair she peopled with dreadful fig
ures. The worst was known now — the
swift cataclysm in which life, happi
ness, all might be lost. From the hall
below came the sound of angry argu
ment and of swords trailing upon the
boards. Arthur's voice, clear and dis
tinct above the others, was raised from
time to time In command or entreaty;
but it gave place Suddenly to a sharp
cry like that of a man stricken down
unawares. Esther belle\"ed that they
had killed her lover; she reeled
against the wall, the light fell from
her hands and she waited in utter
darkness. What awful crime had been
committed? The uncertainty drove
her as with a goad. She could hear
the clash of swords, the deep breath
ing of men fh' anger, the shuffling and
gasping cry of those who fight for life.
Hoarse shouts filled the house; they
"It is very silly of me, but I have
been frightened — and, Arthur, what
does it mean — why are those men at
St. Girons?"
These suspicions — unjustified, but
girlish — endured for a full five min
utes. Esther was quite ready to tell
herself that her acts were very ridicu
lous, and that the Norsemen were no
other than travelers crossing by niffht
to Spain, when a quick step upon the
stair turned her eyes to the door
again, and she was about to open it
when her husband burst in uncere-*
moniously and by word and manner
at once confronted her doubts.
"Where are you, Esther?" he asked;
and then perceiving her, exclaimed,
"why, you are still dressed!"
She told him , everything, without
disguise.
Such reflections caused her to be a
little preoccupied and to undress at her
leisure. She awoke from them sud
denly to remember what a long time
she had been, and was about to make
greater haste when, looking from the
window by chance, she beheld some
thing upon the mountain path which
Instantly arrested her attention and,
she knew not why, excited a swift sus
picion. But a quarter of an hour agp
the utter loneliness of . that road and
the solitude of the pass spoke elo
quently of the winter's night; but now,
observing it for the second time, she
perceived that there were horsemen
upon it, a straggling company riding
up in single file and making, as far
as she could Judge, for the postern of
the castle. The moonlight showed her
these figures with great distinctness.
Effulgent beams scintillated upon the
bright barrels of their rifles and sil
vered bit and spur and all their stern
accounterment. She thought that she
could place their captain, a cautious
horseman, who turned from time to
time to address a trooper near to him,
or who halted for whole minutes to
gether to observe the gate he approach
ed. Esther could not imagine why
those men came to St. Girons or what
their business there might be. If she
leaped to some wild idea of the truth,
her own precarious past was riot al
together unconcerned with it. From
the first she could not believe that such
happiness as had come to her could
endure. There must be a price, a sur
prise and a rude awakening. Here,
upon the road to Foix was the witness
to the justice of that skepticism. The
silent cloaked horsemen, the untrod
den snow, the glittering peaks above,
towers and turrets in the gloom below,
helped her j Imagination In its new
alarm. She was sure that .danger
menaced her. Nothing could banish
that premonition — and stubborn in her
submission she began quickly but with
some composure to dress again. When
next she looked from the window, the
"barbican tower hid the men from her
sight. Esther bound up her hair, pinned
It loosely, and trying to tell herself
that she was foolish to be afraid, she
went to her bedroom door and opened
it. The narrow winding stair by which
she had ascended was in darkness now.
She distinguished voices — that of her
husband and, as she believed, of the
s?teward Martinez— and somewhat re
assured by these she withdrew into her
room, and for a little while heard noth
ing but the sound of her . own Heart
beating.
had made her future possible. She
could not think hardly of Doctor Xa
vier, nor believe him to be her hus
band's enemy. She was so supremely
happy herself that she desired the hap
piness of others and of all who had be
friended her loneliness.
It was a chivalrous boast but vain,
Scarcely had he spoken the words
when another— a wild hillman, drunk
and reckless— pulled a dagger
from his girdle and drove it in the
youth's heart. He rolled neadlong, al
most to Esther's feet, and while his
life's blood gushed out upon the floor
she lost all consciousness and fell,
swooning, by his side.
She snatched her hand from the man
and, covering her face, shut out the
figure of the dead. It was not Arthur
but another who lay so still In the
shadows. Her relief was intense; she
turned to the men, Imploring their
pity.
"Where is my husband? — oh, in God's
name, take me to him!"
No one seemed very willing to an
swer this pitiful appeal, but when she
repeated it with tears in her eyes and
hands outstretched to them, a young
trooper stepped forward and said:
"By the Virgin, senorita, but I will
do what you want."
died down as suddenly, and silence,
profound and meaning, followed upon
the uproar. In the ebb of the storm
the messenger of death spoke clearly.
A body fell with a heavy thud, unmis
takable, dreadful to hear. Esther
could control herself no longer. She
ran wildly down the stairs and .broke
in upon the scene.
Twenty men were grouped about the
hearth in the great hall and the
swords of three of them were ' un
sheathed. Such, light as fell upon the
room shone upward from the redden
ing embers of the logs. Capricious
rays, they flashed out upon forbidding
faces and grim figures, leaving as in
the shadow of the grave the body of
a man who had fallen dead across the
table. Esther's silent tread had been
heard by none, but the cry which es
caped her lips when she entered the
hall brought every eye upon her and
sent the swords to the sheaths. A bur
ly man, fat and squat and threatening,
strode toward her without ceremony.
"Ah," he said in broken French, "you
save us the trouble, then, senorita!"
She shuddered at his touch, but her
courage did not leave her.
"Where is my husband?" she asked,
"what have you done with him?"
The man dragged her to the light
and laughed In bravado.
"The Prince sends his compliments,
senorita. He is called away. Yon fel
low had a message but i3 too lazy to
speak it. Come, we were waiting for
you. It is time to be going, senorita."
is bleak enough and I regard it merely
as a Ftage. If Gaudarez hurries, he
can let us have the news on the third
day. We shall then ride on to Oust
and if we have any luck we shoultl be
In the peiace within the week."
They dined at Orleans et half-past
fix. In the restaurant car there at
tached to the express. Day was Just
glimmering in the heavens when the
flrBt stage of that long Journey came to
its end; and stepping out upon a wide
platform, Esther knew that she was at
Foix.
"We shall find my servants here, and
the carriages," Arthur had said while
he helped her to the platform and
stacked their dressing-bags beside her.
"We must have some hot coffee and
then get on. I told them to put fur
rugs in the carriage and two of my
heavy coats. We'll make a soldier of
you, Esther; you won't complain of the
uniform when you get up into the
hills."
She was but half awake, and not a
little afraid of the strange eyes which
here Blared at her so curiously. Though
it was then a little after six o'clock
in the morning, quite a number of peo
ple had gathered upon the platform
at Foix to meet the express; and they
bustled hither and thither, shouting
end pushing and exchanging their ef
fusive greetings in a way quite char
acteristic of a southern race. Some of
them. Esther observed, were soldiers,
end these she disliked cordially, for
they stared her out of countenance, and
taking advantage of her husband's ab-
Eence, proffered an assistance entirely
unnecessary. She had feared that some
demonstration of welcome would have
awaited them at Foix, and it was not
without satisfaction that she found
herself Just an ordinary traveler
alighting at a country station and do-
Ing battle with the difficulties of a ter
minus. Arthur, however, was anxious
that she should not misunderstand
such apparent neglect, and he offered
her explanations over their hurried
meal.
"I knew you would feel tired; and,
besides, we are in a hurry," he said.
"These people would make speeches
for a month if we gave them any en
couragement. We shall have enough
of that sort of thing to go through
¦when we arrive at the palace. It is
a long drive from here and I don't
want my little girl to be dreadfully
tired. Come, drink up your coffee,
Esther; drink it while it Is hot. We
sha'n't get such a chance again until
we reach St. Girons."
When breakfast was done, he went
out to summon his servants, and Esth
er was left alone for a brief while In
the corridor of the station. She did
not know what instinct made her turn
suddenly, or why she should have
been conscious of some presence there
which was not friendly; but it chanced
that as Bhe turned, she perceived a
man almost at her elbow, and recog
nizing the bright dress and the white
bernouse of the Eastern, she saw. that
It was Yussuf, the Moor, Doctor Xav
ier's servant. For an Instant she be
held his keen piercing black eyes re
garding her ominously. Then he van
ished as mysteriously as he had come,
without word or sign, and almost be
fore she had- realized how greatly his
presence frightened her. Arthur found
her still flushed and agitated and it
was difficult to tell him exactly what
had happened.
"The Moor they call Yussuf, Dr.
Xavier'g servant — I have Just seen
him in the corridor!" Bhe stammered
a little wildly.
He laughed at her fears and instant
ly reassured her.
"Of course you would. He is going
to Cadi as we are. What are you
afraid of, Esther? What has the man
got to do with you?"
She could not tell him. She would
not say how much she feared the
omen.
In the courtyard of the station they
found an old fashioned barouche and
with it a fourgon for their luggage.
Esther noticed that the liveries of tha
men servants had once been showy,
but were now a little worn and faded.
The carriage itself suggested the
France of the empire, but the horses
were magnificent and what was more,
there were four of them.
"It is eight years since I was at Pt.
Girons," Arthur said, like one a lit
tle dubious about the reception awit
ing them in his house. "To be frank,
I have almost forgotten what the
place is like. The steward says that
it needs a fortune spending on it.
Most of these old castles in Spain do,
but as no one has a fortune they re
main uncared for. I have ordered the
housekeeper to light fires in every
room and to do the best she can."
He ran on, anxious to please her,
and pointed out many beautiful scenes
of that magnificent country.
. They reached the castle at 6 o'clock
that afternoon. For an hour at least
darkness had shut out those fantastic
pictures of gorge and height which the
long afternoon gave them so abundant
ly. Esther lay in her husband'8 arms
and lost all sense of time or place.
When she awoke he was lifting her
from the carriage, and the light of a
lantern flashed in her face. Night had
come down in earnest now; the wind
whistled dolefully through the caverns
of the hills, and Esther, but half awake,
believed at the first that some acci
dent had overtaken them. A moment
later, however, she perceived the nar
row windows of some building above
her, and could distinguish a cluster of
Epires and a great arched grate, through
which the barouche drove away. The
sound of strange voices, too, fell upon
her ears; and then, out of this bitter
night, she was carried swiftly to the
warmth and the light of some vast
room, and waking thoroughly she knew
that the Journey was ended and that
this was Arthur's home.
"Come," he said gayly, brushing the
snowflakes off his coat, and holding
hla hands to the ruddy blaze, "come
They dined alone in the great hall,
the old steward, Martinez, waiting
upon them. When dinner was done.
Arthur showed her a prettier room,
furnished in the fashion of France,
with Louis XV ornaments and an old
piano, which, like all old pianos, had
once been the property of Chopin.
Here for an hour she played to him
and then at his bidding (for her fa
tigue was unmistakable) she followed
an old woman of the house up a nar
row stairway to her bedroom and was
left for the time being alone. That
sense of homeliness she had discov r
ered below was not lacking upstairs,
despite walls of white stone and win
dows which recalled the years of
chivalry. Blazing logs upon an open
hearth suffused a gentle warmth and
cast their welcome glow upon the high
groaned ceiling. The bed was cur
tained with dimity, white and spotless.
Many candles stood upon a wide dress
ing table; there were even fresh roses
from the valleys in vases of Sevres.
From the windows, which were but
little more than loopholes in tremen
dous -walls of stone, a vista of the pass
could be seen and the road by which
they had come up to the castle.
The night fell calm and still and
the wailing wind had ceased. A moon,
waxing full and enshrouded in golden
mist, rose up between two frowning
peaks and pointed the untrodden snow
with gems of fire. The sky Itself was
luminously blue and altogether bereft
of cloud. Esther perceived that the
castle stood upon a spur of rock and
thence thrust out its Moorish gables
above an immense ab^ss. The road
to Foix resembled nothing so much
••is a winding stairway, zigzagging
from peak to peak and oft so narrow
that she wondered a carriage might
follow it safely. Vivid as her im
pressions were of the country to
which the day had introduced her, this
moonlight scene surpassed all the
grandeur of its changing shapes and
the variety of its weird defiles. Mighty
precipices abounded there at the
height of the pass. Black basins of
rock, prodigiously deep and surmount
ed by spires and pinnacles which evil
spirits might have shaped, suggested
a nether world, unknown and pro
foundly mvsterious. The snow caps
themselves won beauty of the moon
light; some of them were but^ rounded
domes, gentle to the eye and pleasing;
others, Jagged and twisted, leaned at
such odd angles and were so tilted
from the perpendicular that you might
have thought a touch of the hand
would have sent them headlong into
the valleys below.
Ksther found this scene of gorge and
crag so alluring that she .delayed un
dressing for many minutes to enjoy it.
She was alone In the room and none
troubled her. Her maid, Suzanne, -was
to follow them from Paris to-morrow —
the willing housekeeper spoke Spanish
with amazing volubility, but had no
other tongue. Esther was very pleased
when the old woman went about her
business and left her to herself. She
had never been a lover of strange faces
and at such an hour she did not desire
them at all. If amid the natural ex
citement of that night her thoughts
passed in any way from her present
occupations it was to remind her how
far she had journeyed from England
and in what circumstances of Isolation
and dependence. Arthur's love meant
so much to her In this lonely house.
She clung to it as to something which
would safeguard her wherever they
might be and sooner or later would
carry her back to the world again. If
she had ever questioned the meaning
of her love this night answered her
finally. She was naturally a girl of
great courage, but she Joined to this
a disposition to rely both upon the
fidelity f nd the affection of the friend
she trusted. This gaunt castle, so si
lent, bo remote, asked of her those
qualities of mind and heart which were
most characteristic of her girlhood.
She had changed her dress when first
she entered the room, and put on a
rose-pink dressing-gown in Its place,
allowing her abundant hair to fall
upon her pretty shoulders and trying to
feel at her ease. The glass showed her
. a rosy face and arms and shoulders
superbly white. If her thoughts wan
dered from the entrancing ¦ present it
was to remind her of the hand which
had showered these gifts upon her and
-
and warm yourself, little wife! You
are really at St. Girons— you are home
at last!"
She loosened her cloak and bent
toward the flaming logs. The room in
which they sat was Ill-lighted enough,
but she could see something of its im
mensity and of that strange melange
of riches and poverty it displayed. The
chimney-piece, she thought, must be
the largest In the world. You could
have roasted an ox upon Its hearth,
and high above the ingle bizarre figures
carved in Jet black oak, lifted a bald
achlno to the very ceiling. A buffet,
just as odd, matched this giant chim
ney-piece. The walls were hung with
torn and tattered tapestry. Chairs and
tables of oak might have been hacked
by the swords of an army.
There was no carpet on the floor,
but the candlesticks were of pure sil
ver and worthy a king's house. Es
ther's first impression of this room
was of Its homeliness in spite of all.
The weird scenes she had quitted in
the mountains had left her a little
awed and afraid.* She was like ona
who had found a haven from the
night. It was all shut out now — all
behind her; these amazing walls were
her defense. Her lover stood beside
her; the blazing fire brought the blood
back to her stiffened limbs.
"I nm sure that I shall like it, Ar
thur," she exclaimed upon an Impulse
of her gratitude. "How kind you are
to me! Imagine being alone on that
dreadful road! I shall never let you
out of my sight while I am here!"
He knelt beside her and took both
her hands In his own.
"Never!" he said, "it is a promise
— never until my life's end."
CHAPTER XIII. S
A fresh wind of dawn blowing coldly
upon her face awoke Esther from her
dream-like swoon. She opened her
eyes and became aware that the sun
was shining upon her face and that the
night had passed. Anon, her situation
shaped more clearly, and she under
stood that she was strapped upon a
horse's back and that the animal's un
certain step rocked her as in the rudest
cradle. She^was very 111 and her brain
burned, defying all clear thought. If
she remembered anything of yesterday,
it was at first indistinctly as something
which she would Veil forget. One by
one, 'however, events shaped them
selves. She recalled Her arrival at
Foix, the scene at the station, the drive
through the hills, the silent gorge, the
castle perched upon the height. She
dwelt upon Arthur's passionate tender
ness when they were together at their
journey's end. She recalled her mus
ings in the bedroom, the picture of the
snow-bound road, and then, as in a"
flash, the whole story of the tragedy!
Her despair at such a moment was be
yond words to describe. She knew not
whence the outrage h<m come, or why.
At one time she was willing to think
that these men. were brigands of the
hills rtho would carry her to their hid
ing-places, where she might expect a
worse fate than death. But this
thought she quickly rejected. No mere
hill thief would venture an attack upon
her husband's house. She must find
her answer 'in a subtler plan, nor could
she separate her misfortunes from the
story of Arthur's kingdom 'and^of his
months of exile. He himself had
warned her that all might not be as
he would wish it. This hour of crisis
was the Justification of his doubts.
She suffered terribly from the cold,
though they had wrapped fur coats
about her and even covered her face
with a woolen shawl. The bonds
which bound her to the saddle were
cruelly tight and left her hands and
feet white and bloodless. She could
have cried for very pain of it, and yet
suffered in silence. That many accom
panied her upon this strange Journey
the circumstances of the hour denied.
From time to time she heard a harsh
voice encouraging a horse or cursing a
loiterer, but the voice was never an
swered and it ended always in guttural
self-approval. The road itself told her
nothing. She perceived a mighty wall
of rock upon her left, rising sheer, as
it were, to the very heavens. Her eyes
could not fathom the abyss below and
she understood that they were upon
the ledge of a precipice, descending to
the valley's heart. Thus, for a full
hour, she endured her torture with a
woman's unbroken courage. They
could kill her, she said. She would be
content to die if she knew that Arthur
lived.
The cortege, if such it might be
called, halted at last; and for the first
time Esther beheld the face of one of
her captors. This man she recognized
at once for the burly ruffian who led
the troop last night. His uniform was
blue, with metal buttons. He wore an
odd-shaped busby and parried an an
| cient sword at his belt. As last nightj
bo now, his air of self-im,portance was
tremendous, and not less ridiculous
than the French tongue he delighted to
misuse.
"So," he said, crying out in mock sur
prise, "her Highness is awake! Come
here, Pablo, come and help me to pay
my respects."
He lumbered from his horse and
tugged clumsily at the ropes which
was excusing himself as best he could;
but he had not uttered^ many words
when some one snatched the whip from
his hand and beat him unmercifully.
Esther saw the blood running from his
face while he groveled upon his knees
before a burly trooper; she beheld the
remaining bandits flying wildly to the
hills; then some one spoke to her. and
she burst into a flood of tears.
"Good God, mademoiselle! what does
this mean— who are you? How did you
come to this place?"
She raised her eyes, and found her
self face to face with a man of fine
presence, and apparently of some 30
years of age. He wore the uniform of
a regiment of hussars, bright blue in
color and heavily laced with gold.
» "Do not be afraid, I beg of you," he
said. "I am the Count of Foix; these
are my men. You have nothing to fear
from them."
She dried her tears and answered him
quite frankly:
"My home is at St. Girons— I arrived i
there from Paris yesterday — if you j
could send a message there, my hus- \
band would be very grateful to you." i
He« turned and called a trooper to I
him. Nothing was easier than to do as f
she asked. '
"You are staying with the Prince,
then, madame?" he asked.
"I am his wife," she said.
The Count regarded her with a look
expressing both amazement and incre
dulity.
"The wife of my Prince, madame! — {
impossible! This Is his own regiment, j
Please do not Jest with me. I am one
of his Highness* oldest friends."
"Sir," she said, "I would ask you if
any one In my circumstances would
wish to Jest. If you doubt me send to
St. Girons at once. I do not know
whether my husband Is alive or dead.
You can understand what I suffer."
He did not seem to hear her; his hes
itation was not to be disguised. Some
of the hussars, by this time, had dis
mounted from their horses and they
held them In a circle about the inn
door. The landlady had gone flying
into the house at the first word spoken.
The bandit, Alonzo, hung limp and
dead above the moaning cascade. They
hanged him without pity from a branch
of the oak In the garden of the inn.
When the Count next spoke, he gave
an order which sent six of the troopers
at the gallop toward St. Girons.
"Let me have tidings before sunset.
The Prince Is to know that I have rid
den to the frontier with this lady. If
you find any stranger in the castle,
hang him without question; say that
the Comte de Foix Is your authority.
You others, get a litter ready. Madame
cannot walk. Let a file go to Merens
and prepare breakfast. We shall be
there in an hour."
She sipped the spirit and It stimu
lated her courage; remembering that
the greater danger had passed, she
begged to be taken to St. Girons.
"If you will allow one of your men to
accompany me, I am sure I can rids
there," she pleaded. "It cannot be very
far from here, Count. I am well
enough for that."
The Count shook his head. His man
ner was kindly; but he was plainly ob
durate.
"By no means well enough," he said;
"you forget that one hour's Journey
down the pass will be three hours
up. It Is a hard and difficult road
which a stranger follows at his peril.
Besides, we shall ascertain at Merens
what are the Prince's wishes. I Im
agine he will say that I have done well
and that I am to take you to Cadi
without loss of time."
"You do not consider my anxiety."
she protested. "Will you not think of
that? I cannot bear the suspense!"
"Your anxiety is unnecessary," he re
plied, suavely. "I have no doubt what
ever of the Prince's safety. These men <
are vulgar thieves. They will scatter j
directly a troop appears in the hills. I
imagine they were In Ignorance that
the Prince was at St. Girons. They
certainly have not courage enough to
do him an Injury!"
With this and similar assurances he
did his best to persuade her. She
thought it a little odd that he had
never once spoken of her marriage or
appeared to recognize It. He addressed
her as a stranger, it may be as one
who had 'shared the hospitality of St.
Girons; but of her act and its conse
quences he was careful not to speak.
"In any case we shall not be long in
doubt," he said; "my men have definite
instructions and will obey them to the
letter. If you feel equal to it, we will
now go on to Merens; I am sure it is
the wiser course, madame."
It was plain to her that he would In
sist upon it, and the futility of further
protest being evident, she gave her re
luctant consent and thanked him for
his solicitude. Troopers had. by this
time, contrived a rude Utter of poles
and sheeting and in this way they car
ried her from the inn—for she was far
too weak to walk, and even the most
trifling exertion caused her an effort.
Esther wondered, in spite o'f all, if any
English girl had ever crossed the
mountains in such a fashion— escorted
by a hundred Spanish hussars who had
snatched her from insult or from
death. The troopers' Jangling arms,
the bugle's deep note, the tossing
plumes, the capering: horses, suggested
some wild pageant of the hills which no
story book surpassed. Her imagina
tion would have delighted in such a
spectacle but for that vivid doubt
which followed every step and ha
rassed her unpltylngly. "Was Arthur
alive? When and where would he come
to her? Had her love dream ended for
ever? She knew not. Some crisis of her
fate had overtaken her. and the future
lay in God's hands. Esther, troubled
in her new security, lay back upon the
pillow and let the sunshine fall upon
her tired face. In the end she slept,
and in her sleep she heard her lover's
voice.
bound her. She was so faint and
bloodless that she could scarcely stand
when her feet touched the ground; the
touch of the man's hand was loathsome
to her and she drew away from him,
clinging to the horse. "Please leave
me," she exclaimed, "please leave me
alone. I do not wan£ your help."
He laughed loudly, and breaking In
to Spanish, addressed her in a long
speech of which she could not under
stand a single word. "When he remem
bered his broken French again It was
to excuse himself upon a pretense of
necessity, but with the air of one who
would say, "I do what I please!"
"The ropes were tight? yes, would
you fall down the mountain? I, Alonzo,
I make it my business to save your life.
You are cold, but the wine will warm
you. Here is the posada of Vic-Des
sos. We shall eat and drink, senorita —
aye, can you eat and drink? "Well, I
can, if you will not!"
The sunshine and the softer air of the
valley brought the blood back to Es
ther's tingling limbs, and although she
felt very sick and giddy and her heart
sank at every word, she did not answer
the man nor again appeal to his pity.
The place f they had come to was a little
grassy knoll above the bed of a moun
tain cascade. Here was a rude inn
built of planks. Peasants sat at a little
table beneath the shelter of a clump of
pines. The valley itself spread out far
and wide upon her left hand, disclosing
a pleasing scene of field and pasture
and nestling villages. New that she
could count the number of her escort,
she perceived that the company was
fiv^e in ail, and that one of them was
the man who had struck her befriender
down last night. Not a shred of ro
mance could she now permit these
roving bandits. The less kindly sun
light declared many a rent In their tat
tered uniforms and showed their accou
terment as but a metal sham. They
were indescribably dirty, ferocious in
mein and obviously drunken. "Whither
they were taking her or to what enu
she knew no more than the dead. Wild
stories of the Pyrenees and its moun
tain bands had been told her often in
Doctor Xavier's houss. She believed
that her story was the simplest— she
had fallen into the hands of the hillmen
and would be lucky to escape them
with her life.
They led her to a seat before the inn
door and there left her to rest her
weary limbs. A • Spanish woman, fat
but net unkindly, set a bottle of harsh
wine before hfr and a mess of kid's
flesh from which she turned with
loathing. Her escort, meanwhile,
drank deeply and quarreled no less lib
erally. The leader himself, the man
they named Alonzo, appeared to Es
ther to have a genius for long speeches
which was altogether remarkable.
From time to time he addressed her as
though she had been an audience of ten
thousand, in a tongue entirely foreign
to her and with an emphasis absolute
ly unnecessary. His fellows, mean
¦whlle, played a game with greasy cards
and pointed their remarks from time to
time with a fine display of Spanish
knives. The Intruding peasants, taking
in the situation at a glance, went off
one by one, and left the robbers in
possession of the inn. No scene of con
trasts more picturesque could have
been discovered or imagined. Yonder
on the heights was the glory and the
solitude of sternest winter; here in the
valley the murmur of streams, the
rustling of leaves, the pasture land,
the first fruits of a southern spring.
When the bellowing voice permitted
her to hear it, Esther was conscious of
that buzz of Insect life which ever fol
lows abundant sunshine. Tha cascade,
leaping down from bowlder to bowlder,
gave a weird music whose note was
plaintive and not a little melancholy.
Esther's brave demeanor both per
plexed and angered the leader of the
band. He had sent the landlord hither,
thither, in quest of such meager enter
tainment as the inn could afford; and
when Esther would do no more than
sip her wine, and turn sick and faint
from the mess of food they offered her,
he was alternately threatening and
persuasive.
"Ah," he said, " we must teach you
to be obedient, senorita. You wish to
frighten us. Look at me, Alonzo Dela
raz—am I one to be afraid? By the
Virgin of Cadi, I am not frightened at
all! Here is a little whip, senorita. If
you make me, I shall know how to use
it. Observe my features; do you de-,
tect any weakness there? Holy Image!
I have known some obstinate females
in my time. It is like a woman to die
for spite — but you shall not die, not just
yet, senorita, eo please to eat. Do not
compel me to forget myself."
She did not look at him, did not say
a word. He carried a riding-whip in
his hand and he gripped the leather of
it tightly, while with the other hand he
pushed the dish toward her.
"Do you hear?" he repeated, "I am
ordering you to eat!"
Again she did not answer, did not
make a movement. Chagrined at her
obstinacy, he caught her by the wrist
and raised his whip suddenly.
"None of your fine airs here!" he ex
claimed with the bully's delight at her
helplessness. "Will you eat that meat
or will you not?"
She believed that he would strike her,
and she did not shrink from the blow.
The others applauded him, crying,
"Well done, old Alonzo!" The woman
of the posada stood with folded arms
•watching the scene indifferently. The
question had been put for the third
time; Esther believed that nothing
could save her from this terrible igno
miny of a blow; when, without any
warning, a loud clatter of "hoofs was
heard upon the path, and before any
man could stir hand or foot a troop of
cavalry swept down-' the defile and
reined back In a dramatic halt at the
very door of the inn. For an Instant
Esther did not know whether the new
comers were friends or foes. She per
ceived many bright blue uniforms and
heard an officer talking angrily. Then
she understood that the ruffian Alonzo
THE SAN -FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
4To the much that has been written
In the last year concerning Parsifal,
Mary Hanford Ford has added with her
book, "The Legends of Parsifal." This
little work, thoroughly scholarly and
written with the sureness of knowl
edge, has interest for all students of
literature as well as for lovers of the
opera, in that it follows the history of
the Grail legend back to Its inception In
Whether Queen Elizabeth was a. vain
coquette, or worse. Is debated by Mar
tin Hume in two chapters that he has
added to the ~ irew^edltion of "The
Courtships of QueenElizabeth," which
McClure-Phllllps will bring out in the
falL The first issue of this book treat
ed the "courtships" merely from a po
litical viewpoint. These added chapters,
containing the original documents un
earthed by Major Hume, are in re
sponse to the demands of curious read
ers who realized that the author, in
charge of the Elizabethan state papers
at the British Museum, must be able to
throw new light on Elizabeth as a wo
man no less than as a Queen.
#* DELIGHTFUL little comedy of
rj human nature, refreshing in Its
J 1 simplicity and atmosphere of
» sweet living, is John Strange
Winter's latest story, "The Lit
tle Vanities of Mrs. Whittaker." In
these days of the novel of matrimonial
infelicity, of divorce, of the rotten
ness of the moral fabric of social life,
such a wholesome reflection of pure
home life as that of Mrs. Stannard's
book brings a happy lift to our pes
simism and makes us believe that all's
right with the world still. Ye Dene
is a home among homes and Its people
are of tha salt of the earth.
At the age of 20 Regina — Whittaker
to be — gazed at herself * in the glass
and questioned, "What shall I do with
myself?" Again at 30, Regina; — still
Whittaker to be — looked at her round,
pudgy face in the mirror 'and ques-
Mrs. Wnittaker
Witn Her Vanities
rHTJS salth Shakespeare, but It Is
Owlth the restriction born of mea
ger knowledge. The great bard
knew not William Hawley Smith,
else would he have Included this gen
tleman, author of "The Promoters,"
in his category as one apart from the
three others. "The lunatic and Mr.
Smith, the lover and the poet" should
that line read did but the laws of
meter permit of such Interpolation.
The shades of Captain N^emo, of
Phineas Fogg and all the rest of Jules
Verne's galaxy. of immortals must un
cover before the overwhelming pres
ence of Goldsby and Starleigh, "the
promoters." For theirs is not to sail
20,000 leagues under the sea, nor yet
to Journey to the moon; theirs is to
move the earth, twist the poles out of
shape, make mountains into subter
ranean peaks and toy with, rivers as
with the stream from a garden hose.
Listen:-:
.'¦ "I'm/going to change the location of
every zone on this globe! I'm«go
ing to change the climate and rainfall
on every foot of ground. on the whole
earth's surface. I'm going to readjust
The lunatic, the lover and the poet
Are of Imagination all compact.
Two new English books published by
the Macmlllan Company show how
deeply the British axe agitating the
subject of a tariff. A large volume en
titled "The Return to Protection," by
Professor William Smart of the Uni
versity of Glasgow, enters extensively
into the principles of a protective tariff,
retaliation, dumping, and preferential
tariffs and their price. Lord Avebury*s
volume on "Free Trade" Is a full and
informing statement of the present po
sition of British commerce, and an able
argument against ths reversal of the
present British system,
Beyond the Ken
of Verne's Wildest
Aftcr a period of three years a new,
long novel by the author of "Sir Rich
ard Calmady" Is announced for publi
cation, "Sir Richard Calmady" had the
rare distinction of meeting with an ex
cellent sale the first year, while the
second year's sale surpassed that of. the
first. This was due to the strong and
enduring lines on which Its bid for
popular favor was based. It possessed
a striking and powerful plot; It was
written in masterly style. Mrs. St.
Leger Harrison ("Lucas Malet"), the
daughter of Charles Klngsley, possesses
intellectual and literary ability which
places her among the very foremost
women novelists of ths day. The new
novel, to be published In the autumn,
by Dodd, Mead & Co., Is to be called
"The Paradise of Dominic"
tloned It on the same score; still the
interrogation remained unanswered.
Then, as if becoming Whittaker at last
had caused to bubble the springs of
inspiration, Regina determined that
the emancipation of her sex was her
sacred endowment of duty and she
became a remarkable woman forth
with. The two little Whittakers were
allowed to grow strong and weedy at
their hearts' own promptings, for Re
glna was president of the Society for
the Regeneration of Women. Papa
Whittaker was nothing else than
"Dear Alfy" and that only during
spare momenta, for Itegina was on a
dozen committees. She had answered
the question propounded to the mirror
on that twentieth and thirtieth year.
Then came the disaster. "Dear
Alfy" had bought a golden bracelet
surreptitiously; he had been kept
many evenings downtown at his office;
he had dined at the Trocadero with an
unknown of darkly designing counte
nance. Reglna's suspicion waxed into
certainty. She was losing Alfy. Then
did the president of the S. R. W. be
stir herself, for it must be through her
alone that the black and somewhat
corpulent cheep be led back to the
fold. To the doctor she went that
she might reduce her waistband to its
erstwhile llssomeness, the dressmaker
was importuned for something artis
tically adequate with which to gird
that reconstructed waist, the hair
dresser, the masseur, the milliner
were commanded to practice their
finest handicraft At last frpm the
chrysalis of her strenuous devotion to
womankind emerged Regina, a woman
regenerated, to find that she still pos
sessed "Dear Alfy" and something
more — true womanliness.
About this slender thread of In
cident the author has constructed a
delicate web of true comedy. Not
only do ] Mrs. Whlttaker's little vani
ties touch a sensitive chord of humor
in the reader, but the complacent de
votion of Alfy himself, offering incense
before ,£ the presiding genius of ' his
hearth without ceasing, has something?
of the Noddy Boffin about it, delight
fully reminiscent. Jule and Maudle.
the two rirls, reveal" themselves com-
pletely when "poor mother" is their
comment upon Reglna both while she
Is a womari >i df affairs and during her
distressing period of mental and phy
sical reorganization.
Through the entire story the charm
of the home is felt convincingly.
Either over the salmon at dinner or
around the library lamp at night we
see the members of the Whittaker
family exchanging little tendernesses,
doing kindly little offices — those small
amenities which make the home a
bright and cheerful abiding place. Had
John Strange Winter's story no other
charm this alone would make it pleas
urable reading.
(Funk & Wagnalls Company, New
York; price $1.) . V
A member of the Bohemian Club,
who withholds hia name because of
some right stinging criticism incor
porated, has brought out In paper cov
ers reminiscences of the early days of
the organization In the form of the
Jinks invitations Issued by the sires
of the seventies. Many of them ars
sparkling, with epigram and the true
Bohemian wit which the compiler
mourns in a foreword as having de
parted from the halls of present day
Bohemia.
(Paul Elder & Co., San Francisco;
price 75c.)
as the prototype of his "Second
Mrs. Jim" there is no avenging Mary
Bass, with her tub of dirty suds for
obnoxious visitors and her maledictions
for the author. For, though Mrs. Jim's
oracular disquisitions have not the rare
flavor that comes of a cabbage patch,
they are very much of the Mrs. Wlggs'
WIggslan, and If no downeast step
mother arises In her wrath to accuse
the author of meddling in her private
affairs we may credit him with rare
good fortune. At least let us hope that
Conrad's worthy optimist will not dis
pel all illusions before the bar of a Po
lice Court, as did Mrs. Rice's.
This "Second Mrs. Jim" is quite the
genial philosopher that Mrs. Wlggs
showed herself to be, but of a far more
subtle strategy and polished finesse of
action. Where the mother of Europlna
waa wont to fight it out along her ac
cepted line if it took all summer, the
astute stepmother in Conrad's little
book achieves quick success by meth
ods almost Machiavellan. No more di
verting piece of maternal maneuvering
could be found In fiction than that ex
hibited by Mrs. Jim when she desired
to break Jimmie of tobacco, nor can
one withhold an admixing smile for
that crafty lady's manipulation of
James senior in the matter of the de
tails of the honeymoon to the circus.
Mrs. Jim is a diplomat rarely precious.
Of homely saws and quaint aphor
isms "The Second Mrs. Jim" has a
plenty. Though this sort of thing has
been David Hammed and Eben Hol
denized nigh to extinction, Conrad has
put into the mouth of garrulous Mrs,
Jim some Yanktown-on-the-PIke bon
mots that may easily bear quotation.
"There's two times to get a man to
agree to \hings, an', of course, after
he's agreed to 'em it's a poor stick of a
woman that can't hold him to 'em. One
of the times is when he's Just married.
That does for young married men. The
other time's when he's courtln*. That's
the time to get things out of widow
ers." Thus speaks the oracle. And yet
again on the subject of marriage per
tinently thus:
"If a man is henpecked right he don't
know it, an' thinks it's fun."
(L. C. Page & Co., Boston; price Jl.)
CET us hope, for the peace of mind
of Stephen Conrad in this life and
his salvation in the hereafter, that
Lignt Reading
for Spare Moments
The fates having used his finger in
dicatively, infallibly, might do so again.
The view of the book in brief is that
the attempted extension of Russian
empire Into Manchuria is built mainly
on "bluff" — that the Japanese, alive
and alert, remarkably so, were away
In the lead of the whole world in be
ing aware of that bluff and that
they "called it." There may have
been a time when Russian opportunity
for dominance in the Orient was at
an invitingly open door, but that time
is now dead and past — the opportunity
lest by the Slav's backwardness.
Weale believes that ideas have sped
into Manchuria which make the Rus
sian position an impossible one, that
the once Impending doom of the Anglo-
Saxon In the Far East is averted by
the Japanese coming to the rescue.
The rightful future of Manchuria Is to
be colonized by the Chinese, with
commerce open to all nations. Man
churia Is to be the best source in the
Orient for lumber, wheat and gold.
Japan will have the casting vote in
the Manchurian settlement and she
will send into it the Chinese students
she Is now training In Tokio— the cor
nerstone In their education being the
"Anglo-Saxon idea filtered through
Japanese brains." The writer smiles
at the idea that it is the question of
Korea which is about to be decided;
"it Is the fate of the Far East"
There Is a good summarizing of Man
churian history i n a part of the work
called "The Prologue to the Crisis." In
regard to the Manchus, of whom we
have heard so much, it is interesting to
note that they rose to supreme power
in the Orient because they were nerved
to conquering, courage by a Chinese
treachery done centuries ago. The first
great Manchu was Nurhachu, of the
sixteenth century. His sire and grand
sire were slain by connivance of the
Chinese authorities. Nurhachu swore
he would sacrifice 200.000 Chinese In
honor of his father's funeral. He be
queathed the feud to his sons' sons, un
til the race grew strong by warlike re-
Eltance. A time came when the Chi
nese imperial troops, unable to cope
with their bandit rebels at home, made
an alliance with their old enemies, the
Manchus, to help down the bandits.
Dorgun, the Manchu regent, did it!
When the deed was done the Chinese
politely thanked the Manchus with a
"we need you no more; now you may
go home to Manchuria." Dorgun an
swered something: in Manchu which
The work is made up mainly of let
ters from Manchuria which the au
thor was commissioned to write for
some Far Eastern publications during
the autumn of 1903. One of the first
things that strikes the attention in
looking over these letters is the cap
tion of the second one of the series.
He wrote it "Dalny the Doomed."
That bodes well for our author's pro
ficiency in prognostic art and we wake
up a bit to behold what further the
pages of the book prophesy.
be a victory to progress and
enlightenment." This sentence, satis
fying to the soul of curiosity about the
obscure Oriental half of our planet
home, stands out specially from a
book of half a thousand pages, where
in a thorough student of Manchurian
affairs endeavors to assist us to com
prehend something approaching a
complete thought regarding the Far
East and what fate ia now dramatic
ally engaged in fixing there. "Manchu
and Muscovite" is the title of the book
and the author is B. L. Putnam Weale.
THE irresistible pressure of new
ideas beating eagerly every
where in China can have but
one result, and that result will
Russian Might
JBtiilt on a Bubble
Dictionary of Etiquette," W. C.
Green's red book on social cood form.
All "Talks to Girls" and "Ready Helps
to the Helpless" of all the ; ladles'
magazines of these fifteen years passed
are herein Incorporated In ready ref
erence for the use of those who would
know the Intricacies of pollta society.
"CANE: A cane is the correct
thing for a man when walking, except
when engaged in business. It should
be held a few Inches below the knob,
ferrule down, and should. Ilka um
brellas, be carried vertically.
"REPORTERS: If such is the wish
of the family of the brlda the best
man attends to the reporters (at wed
dings) and furnishes them with the
name of the groom, bride, relatives,
friends, descriptions of gowns and
other suitable things to know."
These are sood things to know. No
hou3ehold is complete without "A
Dictionary on Etiquette."
(Brentano's, New York; price
II 25.)
Ruth Ashmore codified might be a
term expressive enough and compre
hensive enough to characterize "A
¦
was equivalent to the concise French,
"J'y suls,.J'y rcste." So he stayed in
Peking, and ever since the Manchu
dynasty has ruled over the Chinese —
and evidently from this story by di
vine right.
In the "Prologue to the Crisis" occurs
this prophecy: "The cutting of the first
sod of the great Siberian railway by
the Czarewitch in 1S31 near Vladivostok
was really the official opening of a
question which may yet make Russia
bleed to death." Further on in the
book the Russians' attempted "con
quest by railway" Is well told and the
reason for its futility pointed out. It is
a too costly, too thin Russian string
through a wilderness that cannot be
Russianized. Chinese cunning, Chinese
preponderance, Chinese deadly cheap
competition, even just Chinese "vis in
ertiae." make the plan Impossible.
The author gives a good account of
the uselessness of the Russian financial
scheme which was to assist the "con
quest by railway." He calls it "the
traveling ruble." The Chinese redeem
the Russian rubles instanter and the
swift cashing process cancels all hoped
for outreach of power by credit or Rus
sianizing of Manchu millions by fixing
on them a Slav financial system. The
ruble travels so rapidly its nimbleness
makes it non-effective, and spot coin
might as well be paid for the goods, or
so soon after for the suspected paper.
The light thrown on the corruption of
Russian methods of doing business— the
bribery, the bare-faced demands by of
ficials for percentages on contracts —
show good reasons for Russian failure
besides defeat in war. There is a story
of an American firm losing many
thousands on a big hay contract be
cause they refused to pay an unjust
commission to the officials who passed
judgment on the quality of the hay.
The fortifications of Port Arthur are'
described as being well nigh Impregna
ble, and there is supposed to be a great
trap in their arrangement in which to
catch the enemy Just when he thinks
he Is about to be successful. Contrast
ing with the details of cannon sites and
carnage preparations there is an ac
count of a lavishly projected church at
Por.t Arthur, over which is to be the
cross of the Greek Christian church.
This brings us to think of one of the
most puzzling features of the great
struggle for supremacy In the Far
East. Is the triumph of the cross of
Christ much concerned In the matter?
Are the Japanese, by outdoing the Rus
sians in practical righteousness, really
more Christian than those who name
the Name in prayer and bow to the
symbol of the cross? Will the victory
of the Japanese be a -setting back of
the advance of Christianity, or but, by
checking the Slav, make swifter way
for the Saxon to set the seal of a high
er Christian Ideal on the awakening
soul of the Far East?
The author is certainly of this opin
ion. Nor does he hesitate to invoke the
god of battles in behalf of the Japanese
armies now striving in Manchuria.
(The Macmlllan Company, New York;
price $3.)
.tway 6tllL Class distinctions, inevit-
X'able always, have arisen. Our vaunt
. ed ' f pirit of freedom from a strong
,e«ntral government has led us into the
, ' fault of enjoying too little govern
ment; negro lynchlngs. mob violence
and the like are sufficient demonstra
tions of this fact. Party machines
•have concentrated all Individual ini
tiative in affairs governmental in
. themselves: this "will pervert politics
from a science to a trade." Legisla
tive boodllng follows as a direct re
sult of this conversion of politics from
: a science to a trade through the op
eration of machines.
Since these things are — and lncon
testably they are — the author would
•" have it that we meet changed condi
tions with changes ere we drift to
" ward revolution. "The only logical
'¦" remedy 1* to restrict the suffrage."
• *Tne author follows with a sketch of
, hew the suffrage might better be
.placed upon a higher intellectual ba
sis, even upon a modified property
qualification in the matter of munici
-¦ pal government He condemns the
'• participation in any prerogatives of
•- citizenship on the part of aliens yet
unsssimllated thoroughly. We must
' give up the principle of "condescend
• Ing to the masses" in things political.
An aristocracy holding tenure on the
right to vote is our hope of salvation.
Are these deductions logical, fol
• lowing the author's premise that al
ready we are suffering from having
- ceded our political prerogatives to the
ihacbine- — to the few; that it is the
' property class, the clique of the heav
ily invested corporate interests that
our legislative bodies to the
•^exclusion of general interests?
* In an appreciative review of the in
fluence of Alexander Hamilton in the
shaping of the early republic, which.
with a like study of Lincoln, closes
the spirit of this revolutionary docu
ment, ivas not a government deriving
Its powers from the consent of the gov
erned. So much is theoretically correct,
is recognized by theorists, but when In
the face cf this conclusion the author
'makes the assertion that for a perfect
example of unrestricted government by
!the people we should turn to the rule
- of the committee of public safety In the
French Revolution, one Is at a loss to
•know what conception he holds cf ideal
• free government. No better example of
. a tyrannous oligarchy than that afford
ed by the committee of public «afety
• could be cited-
Acceptlr^f the fact, then, that our
Government in its earliest practical
operation was far from the ideal, the
author proceeds to show the influences
-which have arisen to carry it farther
Vr from the consent of the governed.
.In the spirit of these utterances our
'-constitution v.as framed; it vouchsafed
an ideal republicanism. But, says the
. author, "coercion is inseparable from
. . any form of government"; the Declara
" -tion of Independence is a revolutionary
I; document; revolution is coercion; hence
the government built upon the consti
tution, which reflected In its essence
• in many of the author's leading deduc
• tions; the other, mlsstatement of facts.
-.'•Whatever of Eound reasoning and
scholarly argument "True Republican
"•ism" may contain is stultified in large
measure by the very manifest presence
• of these faults.
. ' By inductive reasoning Mr. Stearns
' arrives at the conclusion that "the one
yaniversaJ law is change," that only "by
'a continuous process of regeneration,
• Vy a sericus consideration of existing
conditions and the application of well
tested irinciples to such evils as are
-."apparent In them" can the Government
•of the United States exist without some
.'inevitable revolutionary upheaval.
.'•True republicanism we have not, ae
.* cording to his thinking: a rational re
".publicanism v.e may possess if only we
•follow closely the universal law of
• ..change in its operations and abide
•thereby.
••* A true republicanism we have not.
• " declares the author.- And why not?
.Our Declaration of Independence an
nounces the quality of men and de
" blares that government derives its pow-
Vine of these is the weakness displayed
• ¦ _
• RANK PRESTON STEARNS is
'¦A the author of a book. 'True Re
' i^ 1 publicanism," which attempts a
I survey of the real and the ideal
."•I in American politics and a prog
nostication of the drift of the
tjde la the government of the republic.
v Though written conscientiously and
-^ith evident conviction, this volume
"cannot take place with accepted stand
ards on constitutional law and econo
.thics for two very sufficient reasons.
the ocean currents and tides, turn the
trade winds in new directions, make
high lands into swamps and deserts
Into gardens of the Lord!" Thus
speaks Starleigh on page 10 of "The
Promoters" after having had but one
drink — and that a short one — since
the story opened. That this miracle
is to result from the simple trick of
firing 10,000 13-inch guna simulta
neously from a flat plain in Western
Nebraska the reader soon learns. This
act will serve to "kick" old earth oft
his balance just as a shotgun "kicks"
small boy off his feet and the
cataclysm scheduled above will then
overtakes all tenets of physical geog-»
raphy of all time.
Now as an opening: chapter to a tale
this first installment of Mr. William
Hawjey Smith's book certainly has
merit of unusual order. Even the
most blase reader will find himself
pricked on to a reading of the second
against the possibility of missing
something that will happen to the
ringed Saturn or the third satellite of
Jupiter therein. He finds the second
equally as startling; how Nova Zem
bla is to be platted into town lots,
Lake Albert Nyanza made a summer
resort and Cuba converted Into a deep
sea aquarium. The third chapter,
even, keeps up the strain with promo
tion schemes such as the world never
heard, dollars many as star dust and
power Illimitable — then the story
snaps, drops down to something below
mediocrity and trails away to the
267th page of flub-dub.
It Is as If the author had been hoist
by one of his own cannons for three
chapters of Inspired . flight in the
mists of fancy only to fall sickenlr.gly
Into a slough of the commonplace.
(Rand, McN&lly & Co., Chicago; il
lustrated.) ,;i.V-
the remote dawn of classic literature.
The Great ep j Cf "Parzlfal," written in
the early thirteenth century by
"Wolfram von Eschenbach and the di
rect inspiration of Wagner's master
piece. Is outlined at length by the
author with comparative analysis both
of the German cycle and of its com
panion, the Galahad theme of Ar
thurian legend. Very carefully does
she emphasize the difference of moods
in the two epic cycles — that of Parzl
fal the mystical, that of Galahad the
religious. With keen perception of
th.fi esthetic value of the Grail theme
the author closes her study by a well
worded resume of the powerful
spiritual influence exerted to-day, as
of old, by the story of the mystic cup.
(H. N. Caldwell Company, New
York.)
Republicanism,
the Ideal and Real
Machiaveli though Stearns conceives
Jefferson to be, that astute states
man certainly did not have the reason
assigned him for "holdine on."
(J. B. Lippincott Company. Phila
delphia; price $1 50.)
"No person except a natural born
citizen, or a citizen of the United
States at the time of the adoption of
this constitution, shall be eligible to
the office" of President."
"He (Jefferson) knew that he was
In the direct line of promotion and
that 'he had onlv to hold on in order
finally to reach the Presidency, from
which Hamilton was debarred by his
foreign birth." If the author had re
membered his history of the Federal
convention he would have recalled
how the efforts of Hamilton's friends
themselves succeeded in inserting the
qualification of article II, clause 5:
the volume, Stearns allows himself to
make this singular mistake.
n HENRY SAVAGE L AMD OR, author of
***• the book of travel in the Malay Islands,
"The Gems of the East," recently published by
Harper <£• Brothers, is a grandson of Walter
Savage Landor, the English man of letters. Mr.
Landor was born at Florence and received his
education there and at Julian's in Paris as an
art student. His career as a traveler began
with a tour through Japan, China, Korea, South
Mongolia, Tibet, America, Australia and
northern Africa. With the true gift of the ex*
plorer, Mr. Landor soon turned his steps to*
ward unknown lands. He was the first while
man to reach both sources of the Brahmaputra
River and his thrilling experiences of imprison*
ment and torture in Tibet are narrated in his
book, "In the Forbidden Land." He marched
with the allied troops to Peking in 19OO and
was the first Anglo*Saxon to enter the "For*
bidden City: 1
*T*HE life of Michael Davitt, whose book,
* "The Fall of Feudalism in Ireland/' has
been noted in these columns, runs like a ro*
mance. He was born in Ireland in 1846. At
the age of 7 he had his first experience of being
evicted by a landlord. At 10 he was working
in a Lancashire cotton mill, where he suffered
the loss of his right arm in the machinery. Thus
handicapped, he became successively a news*
boy, a printer's devil and an assistant letter
carrier. He joined the Fenian Brotherhood
and after five years was arrested and tried for
treason^ felony and sentenced to fifteen years'
penal servitude. In '77 he was released as a
"ticket'Of' leave" man, but, so far from taking
any warning from this experience, he joined
Parnell and other agitators and founded with
them the Irish Land League. Several times he
landed again in prison for short terms.
BOOKS AND THEIR WRITERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
5THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU.
DEAR, UNCLE SILAS: I have been here in New Yorfc
several days without writing to you and feel reproaehec
for my neglect ; yet I recall that you told me not tc
write until I had enjoyed some adventures worth re
porting, and that you whimsically offered to wager me a
thousand shares of sugar stock that I would have many such ad
ventures. I am stopping at the hotel you recommended, and
while its comforts are all that you pictured them, from your own
experience, its cxpensiveness is a constant source of surprise, and
would be embarrassing were it not that my holdings in the beet
sugar refinery afford me justification for liberal living. «
The hotel is conducted quite unlike the inn at Beetvillc, and
while it \yas a surprise not to find a central stove around Avhicli
gentlemen gather after tea to discuss the price of beets and tin
tariff on sugar, the greatest surprise was that ¦ my first breakfasi
cost $3 95, and was no more plentiful than the breakfast our im
serves for half a dollar. But .with such differences between home
and here you are, of course, familiar, for I find that you are wcli
known at the hotel, and liked, too, by the hired men' who some
times refer to you as "a dead game sp->rt," whatever that ma\
signify. I had been here a couple of day's and was lonely, because
New Yorkers seem indisposed to make acquaintance without the
formality of an introduction, and several 1 spoke to rudely stared
at me and passed on their ways without replying — except oik
who threatened to call the police if 1 tried any confidence game
on him. I wonder what he meant. ¦';
In this lonely state 1 was pleased to have- a gentleman ap
proach me in the burying ground of Trinity Church, .where 1 was
enjoying the melancholy pleasure of finding the tombstones ovei
the last resting places of many great and distinguished men, sucli
as Alexander Hamilton, and say to me (the gentleman who ap
proached, not Hamilton, said) that he made it his patriotic duty al
ways on visiting New York to do as I was doing — pay his debt oi
respect to the country's great -men. "But,"' he added, "to pay. anv
kind of a debt amounts to a passion with me."
I was pleased to meet a gentleman of. so honorable principles,
and pleased at the opportunity of entering into conversation, foi
1 am fond of my fellow citizens, and had scarcely spoken to : . an
equal since my arrival. I had no sooner told him that I was from
Beetville and a large owner in the refinery, and that you were
president of the Beet Sugar Refinery and Bank", than he expressed
the greatest astonishment and interest, for, as it happened, lie is
quite well acquainted with you, having met you at the Beet Sugai
Growers' Convention, which I told him you had attended.
While he turned out a most affable' acquaintance, he was
somewhat eccentric, for he abruptly remarked on the charm of the
weather. I wittily replied that it rnijjht be charming for those
fond of cloudy skies, unseasonable cold and a drizzle, and then
after laughing pleasantly at my bright sally, he confided to me thai
he had just had a bit of good luck which made him careless of the
weather. Naturally I asked him to explain, but he was loth tc
do so. At last he admitted that while he disapproved of all man
ner of gambling, he had, more in a spirit of sport than greed,
taken a chance in a lottery and won a large prize.
He explained that a censor of morals here, a person named
Jerome, was opposed to lotteries, so they were conducted with
great secrecy ; that, to collect his prize, he was waiting there foi
the agent of the lottery, who was to take him to the cashier's
office. Truly, as he spoke a businesslike man came up, to whom
my amiable friend showed his ticket, which the agent examined
and pronounced to be the winner of the thousand-dollar prize. He
proposed that they should go at once to the office and have it
cashed, but my friend said, with evident disappointment, that he
could not go at that time, for he had an important engagement
uptown, for which he must hurry.
He asked me if I would be kind enough to go with the agent
and collect the prize for him..' I was naturally flattered at this trust
in me displayed by one I had just met and readily agreed to do
as he asked. He indorsed the ticket over to me in business form,
and then suggested that as a further matter of mere form I should
advance him $250 on it until we met in the evening. I would
willingly have advanced the sum he asked, if for no other rea
son than that he liked you so much, but I had only $100 with me.
My friend seemed disappointed for a second, but them said
cheerfully that he would accept the sum, as it was a mere form to
show that the transaction was on a business basis, strictly; and
he took the $100 so willingly that I was touched to realize "how
much confidence I inspire even on short acquaintance.
He hurried off to catch an elevated train, after appointing a
meeting at my hotel in the evening. The agent of the lottery po
litely asked me to have a bottle of pop in a nearby place of re-
freshment, so we went to a resort on the opposite side of the street,
which is in a basement, but Ls an establishment of vast size and
magnificence, with many entrances and spacious rooms.
We were no sooner entered than the agent chanced to see Mr.
Russell Sage leaving by another door, and excused himself to
speak to* the noted .- financier. Their business must have been
highly important, for the agent did not return, though [ waited for
linn until an employe said it was closing time and asked me if I
would retire and give the scrub woman a chance. He laughed a
meaningless laugh when I explained why I had tarried so long,
and said "Sec Jerome or McClusky."
/. M H \( orm P r M tnc -.L-cnsor : of morals I have alreadv mentioned,
and' with whom, naturally, I could fiave impossible business. Who
AJcCmsky is 1 do not know.
I was distressed toj'havc to return-uptown without having col
lected my friend's prize, but as' if turned out my distress was need
less^ for my friend neglected to keep - his" appointment with me;
detained, I concluded, by his important business. Waiting as
long as I deemed necessary, I left a note at the office against
the. chance of my friend coming, and then I strolled out into the
mam street, which has many features of life it seems proper I
should investigate as a lesson in my sociological studies.
1 had/ walked but a few squares up the brilliantly lighted
street when I was accosted by a man who inquired where he
could get change for a fifty-dollar bill. He was a stranger from
the West, he, said, and' just met a man to whom he owed a
small sum of money, which he wished to pay!
I was glad, to accommodate a stranger like myself, but the
occurrences of the day suggested to .me that the transaction be
undertaken and completed in the presence of all parties involved.
The stranger agreed aiul led the way to the private room of one
of the splendid palaces lining the street^ and there, to my delight,
presently came the gentleman I met in the churchyard. To my
astonishment he seemed shocked to see me and .started to leave
the room with precipitate haste. I am a young man of more than
ordinary keenness of wit, for when I savv the undue haste of my
agreeable acquaintance it suddenly dawned upon me that it was
owing to some mental trouble that lie had not, kept his appoint
ment with .me; that he would be an easy victim of designing per
sons, and it was my duty to protect him. So I forcibly detained
him and gently asked him why he had not kept his engagement.
My fears for his condition were at once justified ; he answered
that he had never seen me before, and even denied that he had re
ceived $ioo froin me. I pitied him. I considered but a moment
what to do, for my mind works rapidly and accurately, and I said
to him: "Sir, you are suffering from the effects of city excitement;
it is my duty to keep you from designing persons."
The keen insight I thus displayed caused both the others to
laugh heartily, and it was some moments before they could do more
than utter unintelligible things about it being a pity to "do" so
easy a thing, the meanness of taking candy from a child and other
remarks not germane to the occasion of our encounter. So I stead
ily insisted upon my plan and led my friend out into the high
way, and there finding a policeman briefly related to him the in
cidents of my acquaintance with ,my companion and asked that he
be taken care of. The policeman looked dazed for a minute and
then said, in a threatening tone:
"If you make me lock up this gentleman I'll take you along,
too, and you'll be detained as a witness; you'll be in the papers;
Jerome will lecture you ; your picture will be in the Rogues' Gal
lery ; the Grand Jury will indict you for feloniously playing against
the peace of the little old island of Manhattan, and McAdoo,
he'll "
I interrupted the talkative officer to ask him if he refused to
take .care of the unfortunate gentleman, and then he looked more
dazed, but at last said: "Sure, if that's all you want, I'll take care
of him, if you'll make a hurry sneak back to your hotel and sav
nothing." _ . J
I walked away, pondering on my friend's unfortunate plight
and so deeply did I ponder that I must have walked in a circle'
for presently I came upon him again, talking and laughing with
the policeman. They did not see me, but I overheard my friend
say, as- he gave the officer a ten-dollar bill, "The trick was so
easy for you to turn it is not worth more than this."
I hope he will recover his mind enough to call for his lottery
ticket soon, for I dislike to have so valuable a collateral for such
a smallloan. As you know him so well, tell me something
about him. Have I mentioned that his name is Mortimore Mont
morency? So his card reads, though I overheard" the officer call
him "Joe" — "Hungry Joe," I think he said.
Affectionately, your nephew, REUBEN.
P. S. — I was taking this letter to the post box when the hotel
detective accosted me and said he had seen me conversing on the
street with a man he must warn me to avoid, a noted bunko man.
When I asked him what a bunko man was he looked at me so
wearily that I realized how fatigued he must be. . After I had
told .him my story he said that I had loaned the one hundred dol
lars to one no better than a swindler. When I proudly showed
him the lottery ticket I held as security his look of weariness deep
ened, and he said, "If you won't take my word go to the hotel of
fice and ask what that ticket is worth."
I am treated with great respect at the office, owing to the ex
cellent reputation you have established here, still I thought the
clerk's manner was not altogether polite as he looked at the ticket
and then at me. All he said was, "This is worthless." Of course
I regret the loss of so considerable a sum, still I feel that it may
not be a loss after all, for when my friend recovers his mind I be
lieve he will repay me, as I am convinced that he was an innocent
purchaser of this worthless thing — being a friend of yours.
I think of going to Coney Island, the races and other places
of innocent amusement, and will write you any experiences which
may be of interest. ' R.
RUBEN FROM BEERVILLE
6DAWN O' DAY - IN THE BIG CITIES
The owner of the cauliflower is stung; she points the beauties of
that cauliflower. Apparently it is the cauliflower out of all her
stock that she loves best ; a better cauliflower never lived ; if there
were more cauliflowers things might be different. She gives a
sketch of the cauliflower's career from its youth upward. Hard
enough it will be for her when the hour for parting from it comes.
If the other lady has not sufficient knowledge of cauliflowers to ap
preciate it will she kindly not paw it about, but put it down and
go away and never let the owner of the cauliflower see her again?
The other lady, more as a friend than a purchaser, points out the
cauliflower's defects. She wishes well to the owner of the cauli
flower and would like to teach her something about her business.
A lady who thinks such a cauliflower worth six sous can never
hope to succeed as a cauliflower vendor. Has she really taken the
trouble to examine the cauliflower for herself or has love made her
blind to its shortcomings? The owner of the cauliflower is too
indignant to reply. She snatches it away, appears to be comfort
ing it,. replaces it in the basket. The other lady is grieved at hu
man obstinacy- and stupidity in general. If the owner of the cauli
flower had had any sense she would have asked four sous. Even
tually business is done at five. It is the custom everywhere abroad
—asking the price of a thing is simply opening the conversation.
A lady told me that the first day she began housekeeping in Flor
ence she handed over to a poulterer for a chicken the price he had ,
demanded with protestations that he was losing by the transaction *
but wanted for family reasons apparently to get rid of the chicken.
He stoodfor half a minute staring at her and then, being an honest
sort of man, threw in a pigeon. Foreign housekeepers starting
business- in London appear hurt when our tradesmen decline to ac
cept half a crown for articles marked three and six. Then why
market only three .and sixpence? is their argument.
makes a charming picture on a summer morning, the great cathe
dral with its massive shadow forming the background; splashed
about its feet,' like a parterre of gay ilowcrs around the' trunk of
some old tree, the wemen, young giris, in. their many colored cos
tumes, sitting before their piled up baskets cf green vegetables, of
brilliant fruit. In Brussels the chief market is held on°the Grand
place; the great gilded houses have looked down upon' much the
same scene every morning- these four hundred years. In- summer
time it commences about half-past 4 ; . by 5 o'clock it is a roaring
hive, the great city round about still sleeping*. Here comes the
thrifty housewife of the poor, to whom the difference of the tenth
of a penny in the price of a cabbage is all important, the
much harassed keeper of the petty pension. There are houses in
Brussels where they will feed you,,light you, sleep you, wait on you,
for two francs a day. Withered' old ladies, ancient governesses,
vvho will teach you for forty centimes an hour, gather round these
rickety tables, wolf up the thin soup, grumble at the watery, cof
fee, help themselves with unladylike greediness to the potato pie.
It needs careful housekeeping to keep these poor creatures on two
francs a day and make a profit for yourself. So "Madame," the
much-grumbled-at, who has gone to bed about 12, rises a little be
fore 5, makes her way down with her basket. Thus a few sous may
be saved, upon the day's economies. ' They are Babel of
bargaining, these markets. The purchaser selects, a cauli
flower — fortunately the cauliflower has no feelings, or probably it
would burst into tears at the expression with which it rs. regarded.
It is impossible that any lady should desire such a' cauliflower.; still,
out of curiosity, she would know the price— that is, if the owner
of the cauliflower is not too much ashamed of it to. name a price.
The owner of the cauliflower suggests six sous. The thing is too
ridiculous for argument; the other lady" breaks into a laugh.
There is a statue of Aphrodite in one of the smaller . Paris
parks. Twice in the same week," without particularly meaning it,
I found myself early in the inorning standing in front of the statue
gating listlessly, as one does when in dreamy mood " v and on both
occasions, turning to go, I encountered the same man, also gazing
at it with apparently listless eyes. He was an uninteresting look
ing man — possibly he thought the same of me. From his dress he
might have been a well-to-do tradesman, a minor Government offi
cial, doctor or lawyer. Quite ten years later I paid my third visit
tu the same statue at about the same hour. This time he was
there before me. I was hidden from him by some bushes. He
glanced round, but did not see me ; and then he did a curious thing.
Placing his hands on the top of the pedestal, which • may have
been some seven feet in height, he drew himself up till his lips
were on a level and kissed very gently, almost reverentially, the
foot of the statue, begrimed though it was with the city's dirt. Had
he been some long-haired student of the Latin Quarter one would
not have been so astonished. But he was such a very commonplace
quite respectable-looking man. Afterward he drew a pipe from his
pocket, carefully filled and lighted it, took his. umbrella from the
seat where it had been lying and walked away. Had it been their
meeting-place long ago? Had he been wont to tell her, gazing at
her with lover's eyes, how like she was to the statue? The French
sculptor has not to consider Mrs. Grundy. Maybe the ladyi rais
ing her eyes, had been confused, perhaps for a moment angry
some little milliner or governess, one supposes. '¦' In France the
jeune fille of good family does not' meet her lover unattended.
What had happened? Or was it but the vagrant fancy of a
middle-aged bourgeois seeking in imagination the romance that
reality so rarely gives us, weaving his love-dream roundthis change
less statue? In one of Ibsen's bitter comedies the lovers agree to
.part while they are still young, never to see each other in the
flesh again. Into the future each will bear away the image of the
other, god-like, radiant with the glory of youth and love; each
will cherish the memory of a loved one who shall be beautiful al
ways. That their parting may not appear such wild nonsense as it
first strikes us, Ibsen shows us the lovers who have married in the
usiial orthodox fashion. She was ail a mistress should be. They
speak of her as they first knew hsr fifteen years ago, when every
man was at her feet. He, then a young student, burning with fine
ideals, with enthusiasm for all the humanities. They enter. What
did you expect? Fifteen years have passed away; fifteen vears
of strugggle with the grim realities. He is fat, growing "bald.
Eleven children have to be provided for. High ideals will not even
pay the bootmaker. To exist you have to fight for mean ends with
mean weapons. And the sweet girl heroine, the worried mother of
eleven brats ! One rings the curtain amid satanic laughter. That
:s why, for one reason among so many, I love this mystic morning
light. It has strange power of revealing the beauty that is hidden
from us by the coarse beams of the full day. These worn men and
women, grown so foolish looking, so unromantic— these artisans
and pretty clerks plodding to their monotonous day's work ; these
dull-eyed women of the people on their way tcf market to haggle
over sons, to argue and contend over paltry handfuls of food. In
this magic morning light the disguising body becomes transparent.
They have grown beautiful, not ugly, with the years of toil and
hardship; these lives lived so patiently are consecrated to the
service of the world. Joy, hope, pleasure — they have done with
all such ; life for them is over, yet they labor, ceaselessly, uncom
plainingly. It is for the children.
It is curious the attraction that a church has always possessed
for the marketing classes. Christ drove them from the Temple,
but still in every Continental city they cluster round its walls. It
' ¦ J
jests, its vile gossip. A pair of lovers cross the park, holding each
other's hands. They will return this same way later in the day,
but there will be another expression in their eyes, another meaning
in the pressure of their hands. Now the purity of the morning is
with them. Some fat, middle-aged clerk comes puffing into view;
his ridiculous little figure very podgy. He stops to take off his hat
and mop his bald head with his handkerchief; even to him the
morning, lends romance. His fleshy face changes almost as one
looks at him. One sees again tire jad, with his .vague hopes, his
absurd ambitions.
1 r T was in Paris, many years ago, that I fell by chance into this
habit of early rising;. My night, by reasons that I need not
enter into, had been a troubled one. Tired of the hot bed
that pave no sleep, I rose and dressed myself, crept down
the creaking stairs, experiencing the sensations of a burglar
new to his profession, unbolted the great. door of the hotel and
passed out into an unknown,' silent; city, : bathed in a mysterious
soft light. Since then this strange, sweet city of the dawn has
thevcr ceased to call to me. It may be in London, in Paris again, in.
Brussels, Berlin, Vienna,' that 1 have gone to sleep, but if per
chance I wake before the returning tide of human life has dimmed
its glories with the mists and vapors of the noisy day, I know that
beyond my window blind the fairy city, as I saw it first so many
years ago — this city that knows no tears, no sorrow, • through
which creeps no evil thing. This city of quiet vistas, fading into
hope ; this city of far ofT vqicr*. whispering peace ; this, city of
the dawn that still is young — inv tcs me to talk with it awhile be
fore the waking hours drive it before them, and with a sigh . it
passes whither it came. It is the great city's one hour of purity,
of dignity. The very rag-picker, groping with her- filthy hand, in
stead of an object of contempt, moves from door, to door an accus
ing figure, her thin, soiled garments, her bent body, her scarred face,
hideous with the wounds of poverty, an eloquent indictment of,
smug injustice, sleeping behind its deaf shutter^. . Yet even into
her dim brain has sunk the peace that fills foj^this brief hour the
city. This, too, shall have its end, my steteapvMen and women
were not born to live on the husks thaf fillijjthe', pails outside the
rich man's door. Courage a little longer,, you ;- and yours. Your
rheumy eyes once were bright,' your thin locks once soft and wavy,
your poor bent back once straight. Maybe, as they- tell you: in;
their gilded churches, this bulging sack shall be lifted from yonr
weary shoulders, your misshapen limbs be straight again. Be sure,
at all events, you pass not unheeded through "these empty streets.
Not all the eyes of the universe are sleeping. The little seamstress,
hurrying to her early work! A little later she will be oiie of a
foolish crowd, joining in the foolish laughter, in the coarse; jests of
the workroom, but as yet the hot day has not claimed her. The
workroom is far beyond, the home of mean cares a'nd sordid strug
gle far behind. To her also in this moment are the sweet thoughts
of womanhood. She puts down her bag, rests herself upon a seat.
If all the day were dawn, this city of the morning always with us!
A neighboring clock chimes v forth the hour. She starts up from
her dream and hurries onto the noisy workroom with its coarse
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
7by a S. MeClur« Company.
rp~ GENERATION ago a wagon cov
/ I . ered with white canvas turned
I I to the right on the California
JL road and look a northerly course
toward a prairie stream that nestled
Just under a long, low bluff. When the
white pilgrim. Jolting over the rough,
unbroken ground through the tall "blue
stem" grass, reached a broad bend in
the stream it stopped. A man and a
woman emerged from under the canvas
and stood for a moment facing the
wild, creen meadow and the distant
>it?in- The m^n was young, lithe and
graceful, but despite his boyish figure
the woman felt his unconscious
strength as he put his arm' about her
waist- She was aglow with health; her
fine, strong. Intelligent eyes burned
with hope, and her firm Jaw was good
to behold. They Btood gazing at the
virgin field a moment In silence. There
were tears in the woman's eyes as she
looked up after the kiss and said:
"And this Is the end of our wedding
journey; and — anfl — the honeymoon—
the only cue we can ever have in all
the world — is over."
The horses, moving uneasily in their
sweaty harness, cut short the man's re
ply. When he returned his wife was
getting the cooking utensils from un
der the T.agon. and life — stern, trou
bious — had besun for them.
It was thus that young Colonel Wil
liam Hucks brought his wife to Kan-
sas.
They were young, strong, hearty peo
ple, end they conquered the wilderness.
A home sprang up in ihe elbow of the
Elream. In the fall long rows of corn
shocks trailed what had been the mead
ow. In the summer the field stood
horse-high with corn. From the bluff,
as the years flew by, the spectator
might see the checkerboard of the farm,
clean cut. well kept, smiling in the sun.
Little children frolicked in the king
row and hurried to school down the
green lines of the lanes where the
hedges grow.
There were years when the light in
the kitchen burned*far into the night,
w hen two heads bent over the table,
figuring to make ends meet. In these
years the girlish figure became bent
and the light faded in the woman's
eyes, while the lithe figure of the man
was gnarled by the rigors of the strug
gle. There were days — not years,
thank God — when lips forgot their
tenderness; and, as fate tugged fierce
ly at the curbed bit, there were times
¦when souls rebelled and cried out in
bitterness and despair at the rough
nrss of the path.
In this wise went Colonel William
Hucks and his wife through youth into
maturity and in this wise they faced
toward the sunset.
He was tall, with a stoop; grizzled,
brawny, perhaps uncouth in mien. She
was stout, unshapely, rugged; yet her
face was 'kind and motherly. There
was a boyish twinkle left in her hus
band's eyes and a quaint, quizzing, one
sided smile often stumbled across his
care-furrowed countenance. As the
years passed Mrs. Hucks noticed that
her husbands foot fell heavily when
he walked by her side and the pang
the felt when first she observed his
plodding step was too deep for tears. :
It was In these days that the minds
of the Huckses unconsciously reverted
to old times. It became their wont, in
these latter days^to sit in the silent
house, whence the children had gone
out to try issue with the world, and,
of evenings, to talk of the old faces
and of the old places in the home of
their youth. Theirs had been a
pinched and busy life. They had never
returned to visit their old Ohio home.
The colonel's father and mother were
gone. His wife's relatives were not
there. Yet each felt the longing to go
back.
For years they had talked of the
charms of the home of their child
hood. Their children had been brougnt
up to believe that the place was lit
tle less than heaven. The Kansas
grass seemed ehort and barren of
beauty to them beside the picture of
the luxury of Ohio's fields. For uiem
the Kansas streams did not ripple and
dimple so merrily in the sun as the
Ohio brooks that romped through
dewy pastures In their memories. The
Weak Kansas plain, in winter and in
fall, seemed to the colonel and his wife
to be ugly and gaunt when they re
membered the brow of the hill under
which their first kis3 was shaded from
the moon, while the world gTew <3lm
under a elelgh that bounded over the
turnpike.
The old people did not give voice
to their musings. But in the woman's
heart there gnawed a yearning for the
beauty of the old scenes. It was al
most a physical hunger.
After their last child, a girl, had
married and had gone down the lane
toward the lights of the village Mrs,
Hucks began to watch with a greedy
eye the dollars mount toward a sub
stantial bank account She hoped
that ehe and her husband might af
ford a holiday. %
Last year Providence blessed the
Huckses with plenty. It was the
woman who revived the friendship of
youth In her husband's cousin, who
lives in the 'old township in Ohio. It
was Mrs. Hucks who secured from
that cousin an invitation to spend a
few weeks in the Ohio homestead. It
was Mrs. Hucks, again, who made her •
husband/heppy by putting him into a.\.
tailor'i-reult^rtlie first he had bought^
eince hisiwedilisisr — for the great ;pc-~
casion. Co$meif"Huck3 needed no per
suasion to take the trip. Indeed, it
was , his wife's economy which had
kept him from beings spendthrift and
>,. just wait a minute .u. 11. ace n. this
j- kitchen door is fastened." -. , . "¦/•}
¦•;¦ W^hen he came back he 'screwed, up
Uhe'^erner.Qf his mouth; into a droll'
\ orie-sfd'ed smile and said, with.a twinkio
; in ; his;*; eyes, t to the woman' emerging
* from', the handkerchief: • /'.A .t-
"Mother?; for a woman of ytmr.-age" I
V shouldj'say^you had a mlghtyJcfeiiseJc^U
1 to<beingjltfEsed just then!
f ddorjwas i -all^that saved -y<gi;'V^ "" . ' V.;
;^:""^ow,^pa;"donj;t be silly^'vVasall that
¦"-MrsVfHuqks hacl\the courage to,' attempt
} as sheKllnibed.IntO/ the buggy.' - V
;y ,, Colonel 'Hucks^and^ ; his., wife went
£' downline 'road, s 'ea6H > loth •' to :gb;,and
; leave^this v'home'^place :>¦', without tHelr'
'. caV^^THlelrraggejl^uney'en flbwYof'talk
':^wa^VflllSl^witn' i;more"^ahxiety' about 'the
S^S^ltt|th^^«^nq^a^d*a^?e5
.5 Journeyjs^end.^ The gtories «f ¦ Ohio, 'and
thetwon.d^rful'' green of Us' hills'and the
", cool<of^ltsrmeaaows, '^veined /wjth 'purl
. ing<brpoks,:jwa w sa j picture^ that'seeined
to fade: in'theVmentaUyision of this .bid
• palr^.^'hen they^turned a thV corner, that
; hldthelr Kansas hpme^frSmj view. /; ':"
} . Mrs.j Hucks*.' kept/reverting". v lnv''h"er
I mind C to ; her ¦ 'recollection *of • the^ bed
.»rppm,Jwhlch she had •left^in'f'Sisdrd'er.
] Thejparlpr and .the kitchen formed^a
jnentalfplcture in the housewife's ¦'fancy
which ; did *not Y leave; place ¦ f or ; specula
tion ab'prit>the£ glories 'into which /she
¦was about to come. In the cars Colonel
Hucks. found himself leaning; across! the
aisle, bragging mildly about Kansas for
' the ..beneflti'of * a,- traveling - man . from
Cincinnati .When the colonel and his
¦wife spread their supper on their knees
. in the Kansas. City. Union depot the
recollection that it was the little buff
Cochin pullet which ' they were eating
.r-rnade Mrs. Hucks very, homesickj:,JThe
(fjt^lonel, on .being roiiiinded of this/* was
J;medltative also.'' ';.;V' V r ¦£¦ j fc'&ipp
s£j'' -They arrived at..their^dostinatibn in
,Tthe'nisht. Mrs. Huck^'id'the^women
,¦ of* the homestead^refresllecl^old^'ac
'.quaintance.in thel'bedroortir and -in^the
"kitchen, while the colojiel and the imen
: sat stiffly in the pariorjand called] the
¦*;rpll ; of the dead" and*4b/serit. • IaQhe
¦.'morning:, while he " wisSvaiting : for his
-:. br eakfast, Colonel ; HT^Is • went ' f or : - a
-.ip.^'o^vi down In; the cowl l?t. .' It seemed
-: ,to -? v him . "thatfith'e^/CTeeiV/'which" ran
y . through the . lot- was,; dry arid ugly. He
C f*rtjirjd»a2 stoneupon : y. - hich as a boy he
% had;stood and^flsh^e^Vo'H&TP^membered
•I a : nu se.' bo MW er^ n 4^4® ? ad tol<1
; his^cjiildren : wond'erf ui--_tej!lfes« abgut its
< gr ' e $}$ s )z e ' , It: seenied 'jto Sim^that it
I had^worn' away.^v'pne-half in>.- thirty
\ years.' ' ,T_hV{mbss\ ons.the..*' river; bank
¦w"^ faded" and bld^ahdJthe^beauty for
; which ¦ he * hadMooked i: -was\rnarred by
I a thousand ir/egularities*whi6h' he "did
* he < l^ad 'f carried 5 Ins his * memory
•• j ] ; \Colonei.. i i^k"s;trudg^(i up tlieibank
I f *?&$ ,:i* e ; t^Sreairv '^.^th^hls'- t hands
'j clasped . f :'o
;Vl^rd^Rem.em^^i^"yajldytrylngi_to
;' ) recohqllp]:th < e^!hWgS.hft*ha^:se^^^
. those to flndjJ/fA.'t
5 ; b reakfas^h*ets|id| nothing "of r nis"puz-
• r zle, but'asj'M^'JrWckfl and^the'colonel
¦sat in ; th e •,; parlor i alonV* dur 1 ng . the
I morning, while ;thefr r 'co,usins' were ar
;; ranging ¦ to take the ™ Kansas ; people
over the neighborhood in ¦ the buggy,
Mrs. Hucks said: ... ... , . "~ > -
/ -"Father,: I've been. looklnV. out the
:. -window and : I see/they've had such a
,1-; \j -.v. >. ft i-^jv,; , c {';¦¦•¦ : . / j
. drcadful^ro-usht^ii'ere. See that grass^
; S4*^e^it'4?'aa^ shir.t," and v dry— and the^
;•' 'fiVo^fid4l0q_k^.b^un\e^ler.'fan'd' crackeaer^
5; jJ'Um.'i yes," .j-eplied^ the colonel. • "I '
"hud noticed' .that myself. Yet. crops
' seern. .a .pretty fair yield 1 this year.": /.
• '. ; [As^thebuggy/in which the two fami
7 Iie3;/y.-ere. *ridlnsr rumbled over tne
\f bridge -the Colonel, who was sitting in
• th<» frd/it"seat, turned to the woman In 4
»ttfe-bffck-seat and said: :'*{' ' ' • *
• U*~, "XiQokreV there, mother, they've got
: ax hew.'imill— smaller'n the 'old mill,"
i U>o'.'.' ;V; i . ; : ¦¦*.*•''•¦*'£ "¦ " "•¦
>,/To .^w^uch , hi3 coUsin-;; responded,^
•JiBlir.ijucfesr^what'^ sot' into j^ou, any-,.
; wiiy.T^Th^s^the-Ssame old. mill^where 'i,
'hfe "ahaJyoq^usTed to, steal pigeons." v jj
• .^Iopked ¦'-closer. , y and :"
: drsiTrfed ir qut, -be doggoiied! '
„• Wh'at^a'k^iitriookrBoiftjmall? '•• Ain't
- it-.sm^leW/mother .?>.' ihe%9kea. r as.they.
.* crosse^-v* t^e*}miirrace, ?tHat^se^ned to
the" " cdloriel '.to be ¦ a .ainitputive.*affair. I
¦ coiripared^with the 'roaring^rriillrace f*
; / Ihf,whii4h'a i s' r a'boy v he had caught mln-* 1
- Kbws.V'k..y ji "*» - •. ; ;.i ¦ ".a . •
/I'.-pTh'e^partyv rode 6n- thus for.' half^an
-cliaUfaHs; leisurely, ; i when>/M.rs.^/
t ';whoqhi£a been keenly "* watch -^
- ing 'the ,t scenery for ' five \ *m\nii&jt*$
; pinched }he.h v husband 'and- criedjitensV|3
. Ithuslastlcally, | as. 'the .buggy > was^de-*'
f scendlng'a little\knoll:'~', • - **CX*!fcb$-,
¦' "Here :tis, i-father! VThJsJxls'.^the
- place I'M'^-.v?? "'¦ :i ; .-*-'^V ;'U** < ;
/'What- place?" asked, the, Icoljjnef,,
; whQ*Jwas, he,ad over heels* in| the'. tariff."
«"JDon't you know, .William?" replied
I his vwife.with a tremble in her. voice.
"-whlchTthe worhari'beside her noticed,
* .;>*Eyery in the ' buggy was 1 Itsten
• ing/ 'The colonel looked, about him:
then, turning to the woman beside his
.¦ wife -on the back seat. ; he said:
"This is the place where I mighty
nlgliH-rb^flppedv'over trying to drive
hdrsesXto tajEs'leigh with the lines
between my knees. Mother and me
have^remembered it, someway, ever
sir&g."
;;A)id the old man stroked his griz
zles&heafd and tried to smile on th«»
wr.cwis.side .of, his. face that the women
.mighti see his" joke. They exchanged
.meanjnsv. glances when the colonel
turned - away, and Mrs. Hucks was
prouaiy^haj?py. Even the dullness of
strie^colc>r*6f the grass, which she had
reni'embered as a luscious green, did
no.t* Madden he^/c^half an hour.
* people were
alona that/iu^htftficT colonel asked:
v ;yij)oh't-: 1 it*s^epi''' ; kind of dwarfed
what /you .expected it would
•be ?'.j\ Seems tbjrne! like it's all shriv
¦eled'. and worri-'but, and old. Every
thing's got;dnst-.on it. The grass by
the , roa^s;- is/ dusty. The trees that
used^qVfseenv so tall and black with
shaSe^ore: juat 'nothing like what they
usefa ;^o>b.e.^v.The hills. I've thought of
as5ypufifir»fart«intains don't seem to be
soVbigias^ofrr bluff back^back home."
..rlvinsas^was J,*hojnfe!\. to^ them now.
'ForHhirty years the' struggling couple
on^tfio' pcalrie^ad. kept the phrase
."back home"; saqftjdf^o 1 ' Ohio. Each felt
a^Ojfflll-, at the household blasphemy,
ant>- bpjh, were, gtad that the colonel
;l$aU sifftfyVUack home" and that It
nhpnnt:l>unsas. ¦ :
"Arc^jiwuV sorry you. come, father?"
said JyfiB. Ifucks, as the colonel was
about to'fall into a_doze.
"I don't know;-ar^ybu?" he asked.
"Well. yes. -rgfiesa 4 I am. I haven't
no heart for«.thl3,Mthe way it is, and
I've some w'ajj lost the picture I .had
fixed " In m'y /mind of j the "way it Vwbs
l d«m* t -cafe for this; and yet It seems
like I do. too. Oh. I wish I hadn't. come,
to nnd everything so "washed out— like
it is'." '
And bo they looked at pictures " of
youth through the eyes of age. How
Mrs. Hucks' eVes were wet and her
voice broke at the end of the sentence.
"Mother," cried the colonel,: as; he
went around the corner of the house,
"Think of it/ father,"^. ;8ald:..Mrs.
Hucks as she turned to 'desperid from
the porch. "Thirty: years agc--*nd
you and I have been fighting; so hard
out here — since you let "xne'out of Vour
arms to look after- the '< horses. - Think
of what has come^-ahd-— end-^gone,
father, and here we are alone, aiter
all." ' i.,..:-vV .-.,, .;' ¦.•„.. >
"Now, mother, I— "^ but the. woman
broke in again with: • ¦¦'.;,, :
"Do you mind how I looked that^day?
Oh, William, you were bo <flne *nd bo
handsome then! What's beco'me of iny
'boy— «ny young, sweet, strong,- glorious
boy?" :; - i^zf'i.-':":
from borrowing moriey.Vwithywhich to"
go on a dozen different, occa'sions.Y^v.'.
The day /which and'^Mrs."
William Hucks set aparUf or 'starting
upon their Journey was one' of those
perfect Kansas days inVearlyj October.'
The rain had washed «f the {.summer's
dust from the air, clearing^? it\? arid
stenciling the lights and '^Sades- very,
sharply. The woods along^th'e .-little
stream which flowed through' 'the.
farm had not been greener^ at -*¦ any
time during: the season. The second
crop of grass on the hillside;:ajmost
sheened In vividness. The yellow?of
the stubble in the grain .flelds^w^a^all.
but a glittering golden.i- The sky-was'
a deep, glorious 1 , blue,! and the j big,
downy clouds which Numbered" lazily
here and there in the depths of It ap
peared near and palpable. -The "old
couple paused outside the front .'door
while Colonel Hucks fumbled with the
key. , : .. .C^'l;
lions* again, horn* *x*ls»
From a foreign «hor».
And so Colonel William Hucks
brought his wife back to Kansas. Here
their youth is woven Into the very
soil they love; here every tree around
their home has its sacred history; here
every day above them recalls some day
of trial and of hope.
Here in the gloaming to-night stands
an old man, bent and grizzled. His
eyes are dimmed with tears, which he
would -not acknowledge to the" world,
arid he is ?dreaming : strange dreams
while he listens to'a little cracked
voice in the kitchen half humming
and half singing:
"Now, lookie at that dog — coma
tearin* up here like he never saw white
folks before!"
The colonel turned his head away.
He was afraid to trust himself to
speech. He clucked to the horses and
drove down the lane. As they came
into the yard the colonel put an arm
about his wife and pressed his cheek
against her face. Then he said drony:
"It has been a Ions day, William,
but you nave been good to me. Has
it been a happy day for you, father?"
"What is it that fool Rlley feller
says about 'Grigsby's Station, where
we used to be so happy and 90
pore?'"
As the colonel and his wife passed
out of the town into the quiet coun
try, where the shadows were growing
long and black, and where the gentle
blue haze was hanging over the dis
tant hills that undulated the horizon,
a silence fell upon the two hearts.
Each mind sped back over a lifetime
to the evening when they had turned
out of the main road In which they
were traveling:. A dog barkinj in the
meadow behind the hedge did not
startle them from their reveries. The
restless cattle wandering down the
hillside toward the bars made a nat
ural complement to the picture which
they loved. ' :,¦¦ '
"It is almost sunset, father," said
tho wife, as she put her hand upon
her husband's arm.
Her touch and the voice in which
she had spoken tightened some chord
at his throat. The colonel could only
repeat, as he avoided her gaze:
"Yes, almost sunset, mother; almost
sunset."
"How do you suppose they live har«
In this country, anyway, father* Dca't
any one here seem to own any of the
land Jolnln* them, and they'd no more
think of puttln' in water tanks and
windmills around their farms than
they'd think of flyin*. I Just wish Mary
could coma out and see my new kitchen
sink with the hot and cold water in It.
Why, she almost fainted when I told
her how to fix a dreen for her dish
water and things." Then, after a sigh,
she added, "But they are so unpro
gressive here, nowadays."
That was the music which the colonel
loved, and he took up the strain and
carried the tune for a few miles. Then
it became a duet, and the two old sou'.a
were very happy.
They were overjoyed at being bound
for Kansas. They hungered for kin
dred spirits. At Peoria in the early
morning they awakened from their
chair car nap3 to hear a strident female
voice saying:
"Well, sir. when the rain did finally
come, Mr. Morris he Just didn't think
there was a thing left worth cutting
on the place, but lo and behold, we
got over forty bushel to the acre oft
of that field, a3 it was."
The colonel was thoroughly awake
In an instant and he nudged his wife,
as the voice went on:
"Mr. Morris he wag so afraid the
wheat was winter killed; all the pa
pers said it was; and then come the
late frost, which every one said had
ruined It — but law me "
Mrs. Hucks could stand It no longer.
With her husband's cane she reached
the owner of the voice and sld:
"Excuse me, ma'am, but what parx
of Kansas are you from?"
It seemed like a meeting with *
dear relative. The rest of the Journey
to Kansas City was a hallelujah cho
rus, wherein the colonel sang a pow
erful and telling bass.
As the train pulled into the little
town on Willow Creek that afternuou
the colonel craned his neck at the
car window to catch the first glimpse
of the big red standpipe and of the
big stone schoolhouse on the hilL
When the whistle blew for the station
the colonel said:
While the women were sitting la fh»
b«S8ry at the depot waiting for thm
train Mrs. Hucks found herself saying?
"And as for fruit — why, we fed ap
ples to the hogs this fall. I sold the
cherries, all but what was on one tree
near the house, and I put up sixteen
quarts from just two sides of that tree,
and never stepped my foot off the
ground to pick 'em."
When they were comfortably seated
on the homeward-bound train Mrs.
Hucks said to her husband:
The day after this concession Mrs.
JIucks began to grow homesick. At
first she worried about the stock; the
colonel's chief care was about tha dog.
The fifth day's visit was their last. As
they were driving to the town to taka
the train for Kansas Mrs. Hucks over
heard her husband discoursing some
thing after this fashion:
"I tell you, Jim, before I'd slavo my
life out on an 'eighty* the way you*r«
doln*. Td go out takin' In whltawasMn*.
It's Just like this — a man In Kansas has
lower taxes, better schools and mor*
advantages In every way, than yovfy%
"got here. And as for grasshopparmt
Why, Jim West, seen talk makes in*
tired I My boy Bill's been always bora
and raised In Kansas, and now hs's la
the Legislature, and In all his life sine*
he can remember he never seen a hop
per. Wouldn't know one from a sacred
Ibex If he met It on the road."
the colors were faded! "What a trasrto
difference there Is between the light
which springs from the dawn and tha
Clow which falls from the sunset!
. After that first day Colonel Hucfcs
did not restrain his bragging about
Kansas. And Mrs. Hucks gave rein to
her pride when she heard him. Before
that day she had reserved a secret con
tempt for a Kansas boaster, and had
ever wished that he might see what
Ohio could do In the particular Una
which he was praising. But now Mrs.
Hucka caught herself saying to her
hostess, "What small ears of corn you
raise here!"
HOME COMING OF COL HUCKCS
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAlX-
8no_textupon it for. the fitting.
One woman declares that she stood
upon an unabridged dictionary . one
mortal hour while her skirt was being
hung, it .was turned up Just even with
the ground. And , when it was com
pleted it was so very long in the middle
of the front that it had to be lifted
with the hands. The Eugenie lift this
Is .; called, right . in the middle of the
front. -
For the autumn there is every hope
for the woman who /will, sew a little.
She can take her sleeves from last fall
and transform them in rational ways.
If they have tight cuffs the chances are
the cuffs are 1 not deep enough. They
must be lengthened ' by piecing * them
down with a band of chiffon velvet.
This band of velvet can be embroidered
many old ones that still hold their
sway and grow, if possible, stronger
with the seasons. One of these is the
button vogue and the other la the
vogue of medallions, ;,;"
very deep ruffles of lace. This is an
admirable. sleeve f/ f or any fall coat, and
it has the merit of dressing uV the coat
remarkably.
It is a very excellent thing to own
one coat with dressy sleeves. It is use
ful for slipping on at any required time.
A coat with wide sleeves trimmed with
lace can be worn to'*luncheon parties,
It is very nice for club meetings and it
can be brought out and worn over-one's
black satin calling gown.
It would be such a wise thing for the
woman who is thinking of fall' if she
were, to invest in a satin gown. Let it
be of some .dark color— a seal brown
with high lights itf it, or, the ever ad
mirable navy blue. Or, most service
able of ' all, she tan select a glossy
black satin.
As a best dress satin will be the very
thing all the fall and winter, and If
the gown be made up r with an Eton
coat viyi *tole fronts it will be warm
and handsome until cold weather. And
it can be made to do. duty in midwin
ter, for It can be with furs on
very cold days, and so it proves to be
an aU-the-year-round dress.
A handsome deep golden brown
satin gown was made up almost
like a shirt waist suit. The skirt was
laid in kilts stitched to below the hips
and trimmed yjaround the foot "with a.
pointed trimming. *2The coat : was some
thing of a Russian. blouse, belted at the
waist and drawn 'down. in a very long
point. The '"'A sleeves' were immensely
widje and txinifned with lace >• dyed
brown. •'*••' • ¦ ">
There are many points, in favor of the
Batin gown for fall wear. It' Is unde
niably "dressy. It; is .very fashionable,
for it ' is an old .material enjoying a
great revival "period, and -it is durable.
It is Just warm enough, : and for; early
fall modishly made ' It is " a very nice
addition to- any woman's- wardrobe. It
is a material that can be' put away for
wear next spring if so desired. .
Yet, while preaching sathV one gets
will make it In the prevailing mode.
The round skirt with Bhirred hip
yoke and the round skirt with tucked
hips are holding their own well and
for' early fall they make a very pretty
gown, though there is the side plait
ed skirt with the plaits stitched upon
the ships, and for absolute style there
is nothing that is any more elegant.
The black taffetas of .early. fall will
be made with a choice of skirts. If one
does not want to cling to the tucked
hips and 4.he plaid designs, there is a
skirt -which is built, very full and
which is ruffled around the foot.
How to Hang Your Skirt.
There are certain rules for these
skirts and the observance of them will
make a gown. One is that the skirt
shall barely escape the ground all the
way around. ' The second is that It
shall be a little shorter in the back
than In the front. This is to insure
a smart flare. And the third. Is that
the material shall have sufficient stiff
ness to set well out and not cling to
the figure. The stiffness can. be se
cured by the wearing of a handsome
ruffled petticoat or by cutting the
skirt out of material which will not
grow slinky.
Then, when it comes to the waist
of the first fall costume, one hesitates
again, for surely there is a choice. The
woman who -wants to look seasonable
will choose a little jacket, or, at least,
a simulated Jacket. She will try to
make her suit true to its title, a fall
suit in . appearance, even though it
may be for warm day wear.
Immensely smart will be. the three
quarter silk coats made of black taf
feta, and quite as smart will be the
three-quarter silk coats, made of tan
and of the heavier ecru and coffee
colored linens and of the full weight
pongees.
It is going to be a fall when the
separate jacket will be fashionable
and when the woman who does not
want to wear a suit all alike can vary
her appearance with a coat that con
trasts with her costume.
.. The contrasting coat for fall can be
fltted In the back; rather straight in
the front, faced' with a self color and
with braid. The rest of the cuff Is then
embroidered and the sleeve Is new
again.
The old last spring gown can be made
almost new by:theadditlon # of a mili
tary vest. This- is to be very much the
style. It Is a vest that hangs straight,
exactly filling : up the, opening in the
front of the coat or bodice.;
Every effort is made- in putting in a
vest to have the lines hang as straight
as pqssible and to put In the vest with
military .; precision. Its material 13
brown or blue, gray or white satin, and
it Is embroidered with colors of gold
and blue.; - - .'' f . <\]
Such a Fad for Buttons,
Though it is coming fall and one
looks, for all" new modes;,' there are
In buttons there is a greater variety
than ever. They come larger and mor»
elegant, costing prices that ought t»
buy a gown. In the other extrems
there are buttons that are very small,
but made of very nice material, and
these are used abundantly for trim
mlnlng purposes. Little brass buttons
are used to trim a girdle; little brass
buttons are employed upon' a stock;
small buttons of blue and whits ar«
used for vest and jacket trimmings
and buttons that are extremely beau
tiful decorate street blouses and walk
ing gowns. The handsomest of th«
new buttons are made of three or four
materials, showing, frequently, a fili
gree over gold or over silver. And
others are made of different colored
stones, all inset, while still others are
of metal, with designs set with pre
cious stones.
The silk buttons and the hand
painted buttons and the buttons that
are covered with the dress goods ar«
all very much used. and. since they
are inexpensive, as well as beautiful,
they are becoming fast favorites.
One very charming button is tha
button of white silk, painted with a
flower. This makes a handsome deco
ration for a calling dres3 and it is »
button that can be used upon gown3
of even nicer destination.
A woman who dines out a great deal
has just brouglit back to life an old
bodice of Irish lace. It was an inex
pensive waist, which had becoxna soil
ed. Cutting out the stock. »h< h^n
made a Dutch r.eck, which »h* will
wear with a band of velvet around the
throat.
The sleeves she will bring up to
date by cutting them off and adding
lingerie cuffs. The front of the waist
she will trim by draping a race fichu
across the yoke and here and there
she will catch the lace fichu up with
a large, handsome hand painted but
ton.
For nice evening waists the hand
palntsd outton is set in a little rim
of Valenciennes lace, shirred and
gathered around the button. Again
one sees the button set in the middla
of a rosetta of ribbon. Either way it
Is very pretty.
It is a good time for the woman
who is determined to dress well to
study the styles, for now they are
shaping themselves for . something
at ihe arm:; to give the appearance of
a cape with deep epaulettes. She has
abb brought into vogue the braided
vest Ebowing handsome braids put on
In nil colors :in<l executed in military
dpsijrrss. And Miss Horner has in
vented a veil all trimmed with fringe.
By these signs and many others one
5 reminded that it is fall and that
one must think of something new to
wear.
It is time to ccme home and begin
the life of fall and winter. True, va
cation time is still on. but the thought
of home begins to be very inviting.
And with thoughts of the homecoming
there begi:i to creep into* the mind
thoughts of the autumn wardrobe'and
plans for ius successful carrying out.
And just here there comes a time
when the woman with plenty of money
possesses a great advantage over the
woman with none at all or very lit
tle. The girl on nothing a year must
do the best &he can. while the young
woman with a definite fixed allowance,
.and tha.t allowance a large one, can do
almost anything she wishes to do. '
It is a Reason In the fashion world
when money will do it all. Not for
many seasons past has there been such
a decided opportunity for the spend
ing of coin, and never in all the world
has the money-spending woman had
such a chance with her money. She
can do anything and everything with
the necessary funds.
In the realm of jewels she has mag
nificent opportunities. The opening up
of the Orient has brought ov^er to this
country marvelous Jewels, mock and
real, all of which are made up into
the most (harming set for waists, for
buckles, for hut ornaments and for
brooches, hat pins and cuff ornaments.
Paillettes and passementeries, em
broideries and insets alike glisten with
Bemi-precious stones of marvelous
color until one's gown shows a glow
of color such as it could never have
obtained without these gems. Dull
heavy yellows, brilliant wine reds and
the most wonderful greens are all to
be found in these dress embroideries.
It is a fact that will not be disput
ed that Jewel trimmings go a great
way upon a gown. They can make a
very plain one over into a gorgeous
garment and they can transform a
dress of everyday elegance into some
thing handsome enough for a diplo
matic reception.
Indeed, the rejuvenating powers of
Jeweled bands are so well known that
many women make a point of collect
ing' them, buying them as they would
buy lace, as an investment, something
to have in the house to be used in
case of need.
Lovely Jewel Trimmings.
A youcg woman who visits much at
the home of Mrs. Secretary Hay is the
owner of a set of turquoise embroid
eries. They are in the shape of stole
fronts, of a high neck stock and of a
pair of embroidered cuffs. In addi
tion to these pieces there Is a deep
flounce of lace, appllqued with heavier
lace and embroidered with blue
stones. With this she wears a really
wonderful gold and imitation tur
quoise chain and carries a fan of tur
quoise setting. For the hair ehe has
a couple of pins that dance upon, spi
rals, making a pretty blue flitter. -
? A set of jeweled ornaments is quite
en expensive thing to buy, though one
can sometimes pick up bargains in
jewe^d lacea and passerv enteries and
PRETTY M^s Homer of London,
who boast* that she «& a direct
descendant of Little Jack Hor
ner, r-.cs been doing It again.
She has s-?i the style for a Little
Jack Homer Bleeve and she has in
augurated something new in the shape
of a round embroidery collar, slashed
Miss Horner cf London, a Descendant
of Little JavU Ilorncr, lias In
vented a Veil, Designed a Fall
Sleeve,* Introduced a Braided Vest
and Brought Out a liraiul Xew Col
lar — It Is Times to Thin!* of the Fall
Wardrobe r.nil the Woman With
Nothing nt All to Spend Will Feel
Sorry to IlrcT Tliat It Is to Be a
Very E\pcn:he Autumn.
D.v .*.:rr.rnf:t:i Proscott. , *~-
do pretty well en a moderate sum.
Twenty dollars purchased the material
for a lovely' set of waist bands deco
rated with mock garnets, surrounded
by tiny scales and for an additional
$20 this, same woman secured one of
the, lovely, emb^-oldered ross catS^with
pearls outlining the rcr>es.
Jeweled addjlicns to the v/ardroba
<are plainly trumperies, but it is a s:a
son when.. trumpery is necessary and
when'a bit of r jeweipd lace, a collar.
a pair of lace gauntlets, an embroid
ered stock or a yoke, or a flounce will
add the touch of "just something 11
which the' gown needed.
The woman" who has plenty, of
money will want a taffeta gown im
mediately.upon her return and. if she
is of prudent instincts, she. will invest
In one of 1 the coin spot taffetas. She
will take a glossy black taffeta, show
ing a. coin spot of black satin, and she
a glimpse of the' nev^ fall cloths," those
materials with the soft, lustrous face
and -vrUh a texture so nne that one
loves to touch' It. A suit for-fall, made
in sweep length, | with an... elegantly
trim little Eton coat, , would be
quite the correct thing for 'the woman
who Is going to indulge In social pas
times between now and December. *
• Skirts Lous In Front.
/There is. a fad for making the skirt
a great deal too Ions in the front. The
English women will tell you how they
have made trips to Paris. to have a
gown fitted. And they will relate how
the French dressmaker, after fussily
pulling: down the skirt in the front and
yanking It in the back, in that nervous
manner peculiar to the French fitter,
has brought out a stool and stood them
¦ '.*" ¦ ¦ - •..'¦' ¦ ¦ ¦}• '
buttoned with visible buttons or
fastened with braid's arid cords.
' * Tfie collar' Will* trc most elaborate.
Th'e "coal:" will "be' lo^'in the nedc;
something/ on the Dirtch order, and
there will be a trimmin2r.0fla.ee and
other pretty decorations. .- - - «v -
As far the sleeves of the fall coats;
words qftjitc fall. They will be so
iiidt urter a woman lias ok
hriu'stod all her powers of imagination
she can pro to work and "imaKine a
slqevc still more fancy than her mind
c:<n paint. . .; ¦'• "' ¦ . • •; -1 '
¦/But. these who want a sleeve that
slips on easily and which Is pretty to
looU. at, becoming to the figure and
which Is sure to hold" Its stylejall the
fan/there Js the balloon sleeve, which
is called llie Little Jack Horner sleeve.
The Jack Horricr Sleeve.
The Jack Homer- sleeve i8 low upon
the shoulder and tight In the upper
arm. It gradually -grows larger until at
the wrist Jt Is the circumference of a
fairly well -developed pillow case. Here
it is flnish'ed with two very full and
WHAT TO WEAR IN THE
FIRST FALL DAYS
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY. CALL.
10I TT UST now the girl in the bow and
; I the man at the tiller of the Cupid
! 1 were not on speaking terms. For
[\ZS fully ten minutes the frigid silence
jhad been broken, only by the swish of
;the boat's prow through the water and
;by the splash of the waves on her*
•cheeks.
; Two "Ohs!" sounded simultaneously
las the man and the girl felt the cold
;water close over them, then as they
Ibobbed up. the right arm of the man
Ifirmly encircled the girl's waist, while
!he held the boat with the other. With
>out a word, he raised her to the side of
;the overturned yacht and climbed up
jhimself.
; The girl laughed. "It's pretty wet,"
;she said, trying hard to keep her bal
ance on the wave-rocked boat.
I "A— yes.". Plainly. the man was re-
Ilieved. For a minute he had cursed
!his own recklessness, but if she were
Jonly "wet" need he worry? .
• A lapse of a minute ensued while
they adjusted themselves to their un
usual positions.
"Aren't you sorry?" asked the girl,
surveying her bedraggled duck frock.
"Aren't you?" the man retorted.
The plunging had not cleared the at
mosphere, remnants of the frigidity
remained.
After a minute the girl looked at him.
"How are we to get home?" she asked.
"I have an engagement this evening."
"I am aware of that," the man re
turned. "And with me."
"I believe I explained to you before
—before the boat went over, that I was
not going with you to that dance." The
girl's hair was blowing about her face,
and her cheeks were bright with the
fresh sunburn. The man had never
seen , her so pretty. Few girls are at
their best on. the side of an overturned
boat far out In the sound.
"And "I am explaining to you now
that until you promise to go with me
instead of that Tompkins fellow to
night you will not go at all." His
tone was firm.
A wave nearly threw them off ttteir
balance and the sail flapped back and
forth 'joyously, in the water. The
Cupid was laughing.. Every time a
wave jolted the two perched on her
side they grasped the edge of the
boat and unconsciously drew closer
together.
The man 'went on: "It is a mean
advantage,' but think, haven't you
played with me long enough? Aren't
you going to tell me what I've wanted
to know so long?" Hemoved closer
to her and in so doing rocked the boat
dangerously.' ¦ : " .
"N-no," the girl answered between
breaths. ; ";• <r ¦ ;
"Then. -"we'll stay here. We will re«
main on i this overturned boat until
you promise to marry me — and soon,
too." .
'.'But if— if I don't love you," ar
gued the girl, avoiding hi3 eyes.
"You do, though," he said confi
dently. '
The eirl elevated her eyebrows.
Things had taken a new turn.
•Til' drown If — If we stay here
much longer," she said after a min
ute, trying to assume a pleading tone.
The man drew still nearer — almost
close. "Don't you love me, dear?" he
asked. "
"You— you know," she said, grab
bing the side of the boat, as a big wave
swept them several feet on its crest.
The man put his arm slowly, firm
ly, about her' waist. "And you will
marry me?" ¦ •
He < heard only ; the flapping of the
Cupid's sail In the water. The girl
did not answer.
"Won't you?" he repeated.
The girl slid slowly from his em-i
brace, looking him full in the eyes. <
Her feet touched the water. «
"Yes," she cried, and struck outj
among the waves with a stroke even;
the man might have envied her— had J
he not been too astonished. {
"And— Jack— " she called between J
waves, "you— see — I— I did not have to;
say 'yes.' I can swim." J
The man righted the Cupid, but when;
the girl again, wet but still pretty, <
sat beside him at the tiller he noticed;
where they had drifted. ',
"Your" engagement!" he cried. ;
"Oh. and see where we are." she;
said, but there was no regret in her<
tone. ~ <
"Yes. see where you are," the man!
repeated, encircling her with his arms,;
"And you're going to remain here al-;
•ways." . ;
The Cupid flapped her sails knowing- .
!y and manned by a happier crew,:
crossed, the sound. . . !
(Copyright, 1904, by Ruby Douglas. :
CUPID'S TILLER
buying them, for there is seldom if .nfcety. And, by the way, there is a
ever a time when they are duplicated, new wrinkle in buying wedding gifts,
A useful gift' is a silver mirrorl They which/though it is not overly popu
come in an endless variety of shapes . lar. as yet, is slowly but surely gain
and with an endless amount of ginger- ing vogue. This holds good especial
bread work on them. But it is very ly with the larger firms, where one
easy to ascertain what the bride's expects gifts to be ordered from. The
pattern is and then match it to a . bride-to-be finds out what each one
of her immediate family is to do
nate to the good cause, and then, if
possible, she quizzes her nearest and
dearest friends. From them she is
able to figure out fairly well what she
wants to complete her ornaments and
necessities, and then she adopts a
method peculiarly and particularly her
own. First, she sits down anC makes
out a list of what she needs and an
other of what she would like. This is
typewritten and duly delivered to the
chief clerk of the silversmith or to
the head of the crystal room, and he,
of course, instructs his men to act ac
cordingly.
For instance, when a customer comes
In and glances about vaguely and
murmurs "wedding present," the clerk
straightway sits up and takes notice.
At any and all times It is his duty to
suggest this, that and the other thing,
for nfne-tenths of the buyers haven't
the least idea what they want when
they enter a shop. After a few trials
the wily clerk asks what pattern they
want and how the silver is to be mark
ed, and the innocent victim replies. "I
don't know. Perhaps something has
been ordered from here for Miss
Susie Smith." That is a most beauti
ful inning, and exactly what the cleric
wanted. If Miss Susie has paid the
shop a visit and left her list behind
as a gentle reminder he knows pre
cisely what to do: and, on the other
hand, if her name fails to suggest
anything the least familiar he knows
again what to do, and in neither case
does he make a mistake.
Household cilvc-r is always accepta
ble, as is crystal; but there are many
people who hesitate long before invest
ing In spoons, knives and forks and
the like, for in this age of elaborate
gifts it is always the part of some one
of the immediate family to come forth
with a chest. To be sure, there are
exceptions, for every now and then a
house and lot is preferred; but in or
dinary households, where the ex
chequer has to be considered, pspecial
ly at t* " expensive period, 'the chest
is all the family- purse will permit,
and even then it Is frequently stretch
ed most uncomfortably.
Candelabra, silver bowls and all
novel bits of silver are never amiss,
and one can never make a mistake in
Another handsome remembrance is a
pearl necklace. It is always larely
beautiful, no matter what its drsign.
but when it is a network that encircles
the throat and that serves as a trim
ming for any guwn it is quite another
matter. Then it is indeed a treasure
end -will not fail to be a jjy forever.
Pins, hatpins, rings and the thousand
and one trinkets that delight the heart
of all femininity are among the many
gifts that are always appropriate, but
there is never anything new or start
ling about them and they are rated
among the commonplace. Occasionally
a nox - elty comes forth to gladden the
heart of a slender pocket book, and
certainly the nifty umbrella with Its
neat little watch in the handle is one of
them. The umbrella itself is quite like
the ordinary colored silk one, the only
difference being in its size, for as a
general rule they are Just large enough
for one, and even then do not appear
awkward, as they are made to repre
sent a smart sunshade. But this is not
the main difference. The handle, dain
tily tie/rf up In gayly colored cords and
tassels, is of gun metal and in the
knob, cunningly held in place by a
spring, is the smartest gun metal
watch imaginable. Such an umbrella,")
for they come in all colors and in plain
•black, is not a half bad idea for a wed
ding gift, for it may be utilized by both
members of the little family and really
see active service.
time for all the friends end
relatives to bethink themselves of
unique and appropriate gifts, for even
if the strain is painful it is absolutely
necessary and it is far better to laugh
than cry over the bitter dose.
The selfish bride thinks only of her
self. Ten to one she married to length
en her pocket book and so she goes out
of her way to let her admirers know
that dainty personal gifts will be quite
acceptable. In fact, more acceptable
than anything else. Casually — without
thinking and without meaning any
thing, of course — she toys with her sil
ver watch and wishes it were a gold
one. '"If wishes were horses the beg
gars cou!d ride," and the first thing she
knows she is riding serenely, and her
silver watch has turned, as though by
magic, to diamonds and pearls.
And such a watch, by the way, is
perfectly exquisite and one that any
girl throughout the land would be only
too glad to possess. The watch itself,
almost a miniature one, is encased sol
idly in pearls and the face is made gay
with gold threads and letters that are
meant both for ornament and practical
use. Instead of a chain a dragon is
used, and in itself is something entirely
out of the ordinary. The dra
gon, cf all designs, is, per-,
haps, the most effective, especially
when it seems to be carrying on its
battles armed with a diamond sword
topped with a. single beautiful whole
pearl. The rir.gle eye is a diamond as
well, and it spends, its time sparkling
about and winking flirtatiously at
every soul that chances to glance its
way. Of course, such a bauble is hand'
some and a pretty trinket for every
woman, but unless a man is very un
selfish he may wonder where he comes
In on this particular gift.
WHEN* the "needing bee com
mences to buzz about and get
in its deadly work it Is high
Miss Smith's pattern is
the Martha "Washington or ths rosa
design." hs answers very glibly and
straightway launches into a list of ar
ticles that have been ordered. At tha
same tim* he shows a quaint loving
cup, a rar« vas? or a curious lamp
all on her list — and the first thing tha
buyer knows or, rather, he don't know.
he Is walking out feeling highly pleased
with his choice and all but shaking
hands with himself on account of the
amount of Ingenuity displayed. "She
certainly will not receive another like
that," he says, and of a truth she will
cot, though he Is In no wise responslbis
for that fact.
The prettiest mirror, and an inex
pensive one by the way, Is heart
shaped and set in an exquisite frame
of dull gray silver. A satin finished
heart, miniature of course, is fashioned
for the monogram and the trinket la
ready for use. And mirrors hav* two
advantages to recommend them. They
are not only an ornament but ar« de
cidedly useful as well, and they can
be both one and the other at the samo
time and not try very hard either.
Decanters and water bottles com*
under the head of necessities, though,
to be sure, it Is not absolutely essantlal
to have one's liquors poured from a
rose colored jar heavily trimmed with
gold or silver. However, the effect 13
good and no one can gainsay the fact
that china makes or mars a dainty
table.
The newest decanters are beautiful,
almost too pretty to be pressed Into
actual service, but at the sara» time
there certainly i3 not much pleasure
in possessing things that are too -fins
to be used. China is newer than crys
tal and the trimming Is Just about
what one fancies. Not that this nov
elty comes by the dozens or anything
like that, but because one may order
them and rest assured that they will
be turned out absolutely fit. Great red
and pink roses, with here and there a
few firreen leaves by way of additional
coloring, are lovely, especially wheo
they are set on a background of whlta
damask and touched up with glints of
silver and sparkles of crystal. Great
sprawly crysanthemums In all the
shades of yellow are effective and th»
off shades of blue in strictly conven
tional designs are not to be treated
lightly or with scorn.
In this age of dens one's wedding
list is not complete unless it comprises
a horn .smoking set, or at least a- horn
writing outfit. The smoking set is a
beauty and a bit of furnishing that
cannot help but be a great addition to
any den, no matter how unique or how
elaborate its settings may be. There
are two glasses.- a tray, a match safe.
a place for pipes and a small alcohol
lamp that burns along steadily and
laughs in its sleeve at the cigars and
cigarettes that forget to "smoke up"
and consequently go out. The horn Is
twisted in such a fashion that it forms
a brace for the gold trimmings which
complete the outfit and at the same
time it adds its touch of swelldom and
makes the set the smartest of the.
smart.
Unique vases always gladden th»
heart of any homebody, for nothing
dresses up a room so much as a few
handsome articles. They need not be
gay in tone, exceptional In size or rare
in ware, but as Ions as they are good
in design and in color they fill a niche
in their* own comforting fashion.
New wares are continually flooding
the markets and each and every one of
(¦them are pretty, but they are not al-
Iways serviceable, which is more to the
I point. Even In the best of regulated
[families accidents are bound to occur
'occasionally, and it seems such a pity
to throw a hundred dollars down and
¦out of existence at the same time. Yet
¦this is Just what happens every time
;a fragile vase is thrown from its ped
iestal. Most beautiful ones are fashioned
from all metals, and the daintiest fig
ures that serve as a trimming make
them little short of works of art. Then,
too. they are not nearly aa perishable,
which is a big item in their favor.
Of course, gifts of every nature
should be acceptable and should al
ways please, but it Is a risky piece of
business to buy a picture or anything
iin the furniture line, for what pleases
one to a T is regarded by another as
simply atrocious. But just as long as
fads are in style it will be safe to buy
novelties, for if they are not appre
ciated from the artistic standpoint they
will be from the stylish end, and, after
all, what's the odds Just aa long as
they please?
THE - SAN FRANCISCO - SUNDAY' ,L CALIl
UNIQUE WEDDING GIFTS
FOR BRIDES
11then the entire school sang lustily for
half an hour and as much longer as the
principal deemed wise, for "just one
more" seemed to be one of their favor
ite tunes.
And the school, if you please, is run
on a very businesslike, methodical plan.
The principal, Miss Martha Rice, was
clflteen by the club, and of all the girls
that wrestled with these imps of satan
she alone was paid a salary, and it is
very much to be doubted whether she
could make a trip to Europe on the
strength of it or not. Besides this, one
member of the club . was always on
hand to see that things ran smoothly
and to settle any perplexing questions
that might arise, and five mornings out
won't you be better prepared for emer
gencies if you plan to have a little lee
way between income and outgo, re-,
memberlng Mr. Micawber's famous
adage, "Income £20, expenditures £19
10 shillings, result happiness; income
£20, expenditures £20 10 shillings, re
sult misery." '
It is well to make allowance, too.
for contingencies in the nature of tests
of character. You may think you have
your temper and your tongue pretty
well under control for the ordinary
strains, but who knows whether before
this coming week is half over some
especially irritating circumstance will
arouse a slumbering: demon within you,
and before you know it you will have
said or done something which you will!
regret the rest of your life? After all,
the real test of a man's virtue is the
way he will behave when he is taken
unawares. Are you laying up some re
serves against that day, so that the un
expected trial or temptation shall not
destroy or impair your manhood?
Old" age is a contingency for which
we ought to prepare, nay, look forward
eagerly to as the period when our
Judgment may be ripest, our sympa
thies with our fellow men keenest, our (
influence in the world most potent and
beneficial! One needs something be-
Of S you look back over the van
f I ished week how many things
I have happened in it which you
jL did not foresee last Sunday
. morning:. It may be that the entire
course of your life has been altered by
Eome Eudden event Possibly you have
been plunged into gloom, or maybe
some' great vista of happiness has
cpened before you. Life is an altogeth
er different affair from what it was a
week ago.
It is the unexpected that is always
hardening, and the sensible man gov
erns his life accordingly. Take the
simple matter of catching a train. You
know that if all goes well you can do
it in half an hour from your front door.
But the forehanded man leaves himself
• 3 little margin of time. A friend may
detain him en route cr there may be
rome break in the highway or some
blockade of the cars. Or look at the
subject from the point of view of fam
ilycr'personal expenditures. You know
' that 1 our Income will suffice for the
necessaries and now and then a luxury.
Uut how about the rainy day, which
may set in three months hence: or how
about sending; the children away to
echocl before long? Perhaps you will
be in duty bound to assume the care of
eome dependent relative. At all events,
sides a good-sized bank account when
he passes the seventieth milestone.
And how about the thing to which
at last old age itself yields? Is not the
future life a contingency for which It
-is high .time to begin preparation?
"Ah," you say, "it is all hazy with
doubt." Well, then, treat it as a con
tingency, but let the mere possibility
of it purify and ennoble your daily
living. Suppose that some day you
wake up and find yourself in a strange
new environment, in the midst of op
portunities for ampler, richer life than
you have ever enjoyed here upon the
earth. Suppose that you find yourself
in the presence of a great searcher of
human hearts to whom you will have
to render strict account of what you
have done with your time and your
talents. Would you endure the tender
yet searching scrutiny of such a judge?
Would you take your place with the
upright and valiant of all the ages?
Would you go on into the. vast
reaches of the future ever learning
more about yourself, the universe and
God? The only way to be ready for
such a contingency is to heed the sol
emn admonition of the master of men
who, when on earth, bade each of his
followers to lay up for himself treas
ures In heaven. ',* * ( ' ' ( ! '„.
. The leaders were placed in separate
rooms and given different work to do
at stated hours. When one tinkered at
sloyd, the other tore his hair over col
ors, and when basketry was the order
of the day cane weaving was almost
if not quite as absorbing. ;;• .'. .". J
In the meantime the feminine part of
the family was busily engaged in turn
ing out beautiful gowns, Parisian cre
ations in the h'at line and tailored coats
and cloaks for their pet dolls, and inci
dentally learning how to handle a
needle, and when to cut on the straight
A girl rarely much out of her teens
greeted them all with a smile and a
friendly pat and then put them straight
to work, for pretty girls dressed in
pretty clothes and with bows in their
hair completely nonplused the "gang,"
and for once in their lives they were so
angelic that there was immediate dan
ger of sprouting wings.
learned that Jim's "gang" were on tne
high road to being millionaires or the
President of the United States, they
couldn't rest until they were initiated
into the mysteries that the despised old
schoolhouse contained.
ALLOWING FOR CONTINGENCIES
and when on the bias. Somehow or
other it's lots more fun to learn how to
do things if you're laboring under the
impression that you're playing and
that "you don't have to do it, any
way." There really is a heap more ac
complished In this way, and this not
only holds good with children, but with
grown-up children as well, for there
never fails to be a peculiar fascination
about the things that one is not abso
lutely obliged to do.
Besides doll wardrobes these., young
ladies of leisure dabbled In water colors
and painted the most marvelous pic
tures imaginable. This, however,
wasn't done with the idea of turning
out finished artists or anything like
that, but merely for the sake of teach
ing color and tone effects, for Third and
Linden delights in vivid reds elabor
ately trimmed with magenta pinks, and
with other combinations that are
strikingly out of the ordinary.
The. first thing on the programme in
the morning wa3 singing. Any one of
the teachers seated herself at the piano
and waited patiently until the babbling
for certain numbers had ceased, and
-The -first thing in the morning, be
fore the gates were unlocked, the early
blrda got into the yard any old way
and camped serenely on the steps,
self monarch of all she surveyed and in
a most enviable position.
And the teachers themselves. They
were another difficult nut to crack, but.
like all other difficulties, a way was
soon found, out of it. It chances that
the Oakland Club devotees are mostly
members of the Ebell Club, and the
main difference between the two is that
one is social and the other philan
thropic. Each active member was to
spread the tidfn^s that teachers were
in demand. They were to come for a
certain day a week, or even part of a
day, and they were to come for a va
riety of purposes. The result was In
stantaneous. Half the socletygirls of the
town who were not adding their mite
of frivolity to house parties responded
to the call just for the fun of the thing.
The Misses Alberta and Sybil Jones
went on certain mornings, and while
one permitted herself to be most glo
riously Dalnted with bright and flam
ing colors, the .other sat at the piano
and wrestled with a song until the pa
tience of a martyr would have been
somewhat tried. Miss Elma Farnham
Instructed in the mysteries of weaving
and Miss Remillard pricked her fingers
and had frequent snips taken out of
her frock, all in the same good cause.
And in this way variety was added.
It might have become a little irksome
after weeks passed by with the same
teacher, but where every day, and fre
quently every half-day, brought a new
face and new mannerisms, the fun was
kept at the highest pitch, for the same
pranks could be played any number of
times and with varying results.
One branch of the summer session
was always crowded to Its utmost ca
pacity and its workers were always
filled to bubbling: over with enthu
siasm. Whenever the principal said
"cooking school" the youngsters
couldn't get their hats on fast enough,
for of all the classes this one alone was
outside the Tompkins Schyol. Among
other schemes that the club* dabbles in
ell the time is- this selfsame kitchen
department, and they keep an excel
lently equipped school running through
out the year and a teacher who in
structs in all culinary mysteries. First,
apple jelly is made, then a meat pie
with dumplings, and so on, varying day
after day and always getting more
dainty and complex, until the graduate
should be able to go home and wrestle
with the pots and pans and do it in a
skillful, scientific fashion, too.
Saturday was the heydey and was
looked forward to throughout the length
and breadth of the week, for as regular
ly as it came around Mrs. Gray took
her life in her hands and some fifty or
more children under her wing and sal
lied forth Into the country. She lined
up her regiment and counted to se?
how many she had and every time she
moved from the spot that was marked
with the cross she counted all over
again to see that some of them had not
been lost in the shuffle.
# "I'll confess I did not anticipate any
great amount of pleasure, but no on«
else seems to care about taking them
and I don't like promises broken. So
I went religiously and was duly thank
ful when I got them all home safe and
. sound."
Fancy wrestling with fifty lively
youngsters! Imagine herding that lot
on train or car and seeing that their
thousand and one want3 were cared
for during the day. It really isn't to
1 be wondered at that "nobody else
i seems to want to do it." Somehow or
! other, it doesn't sound especially allur
j ing.
wi me seven any one calling at the
home of Mrs. Francis Gray was duly
Informed "that she Is at school." First
one and then another helper dropped
out. went to the country or had a con
venient houseful of company. Every
thing and an> thing, in fact, that sound
ed like a legitimate excuse ' was
proffered, until Mrs. Gray found her-
y"5» AKLAN'D is Pitting up and tak-
J \ ing notice. A swift runner was
\J! dispatched into the outlying
country with a message that
ail members of the tribe were to gather
ct the Oakland Club and that they
¦svere to assemble without further de-
In twos and in threes and in families
entire th' 1 summoned came, and when
ih^y vero gathered together the? patri
eroh'ruse to his feet and spoke in this
wise: "My children. I have summoned
you hoie to, discuss an ail Important
subject. The Tribe West Oakland is
in distress. When our rivals first com
menced t<» aid humanity in general,
we. in our selfishness, thought only of
ourselves.- Now a work has come t^»
our hands and we must rise in a body
and meet it as becoming our rank. An
evil spirit is hovering about and guid
ing the footsteps of some of our tribes
men and it is our duty to petition the
mighty Jove t<> bring them forth from
the spell. Nov.- this is the work I have
eet before you, and while you are plan
ning: how best to carry out my instruc
tions we will adjourn to the tearoom
.ar.d gossip about our neighbors." and
forthwith the gray-haired oM patriarch
led his children to the flowing bowl.
So the members of the Oakland Club
ssFembled. And the Oakland Club, be
; it known, is just another name for do
ing good. For w-ars they tried to hide
their candle under a bushel, but the
light of their good deeds found them
««ut at last and they were accordingly
tried and found guilty of magic and the
worst kind of witchcraft. Their right
hand didn't know what their left one
was doing and that in itself was plenty
10 condemn them to years of hard ser
vice end actual labor. \
The last assembly was to discuss the
juvenile question. Every city provides
some recreation park or place for the
yemngsters who are not so fortunate
% es to leave town during their vacation,
"but Oakland is somewhat behind the
limes in this respect and things are
decidedly lively in certain sections as
s consequence.
°\\ith nothing to <Jo. their busy bees
get hard at work plotting some mis
chief, and the people in the neighbor
hood of Tompkir.s School have been
kept on the alert dodging stray balls
and an occasional rock and repairing
broken windows and badly ruined tem
pers. What the youngsters in that part
of town can't think of really isn't
worth thinking of and the six weeks'
leisure is little if any short of a horrible
nightmare.
"A summer-school is what we want,"
.was the cry, and a summer session was
what they straightway got.
* Not the- regulation, bona fide school .
with lessons and the regulation rules,
of course, for all work and no play
makes Jack a dull boy — and, ten to one,
o.r.yway, there would have been more
playing "hookey" than anything else.
But a play school it was, and it
served its point inasmuch as it kept
the youthful friends off the street and
permitted others to draw a long breath
• and walk about without keeping a
: weather eye on every corner and on
every tree.
'<= Tommy was asked if he didn't want
to learn how to make baskets for sale
and his running mate was duly im
pressed with the importance of fash
ioning new chairs and reseating old
ones. "Somebody might buy a basket,
you know, or need a new chair seat,"
ivas edded and the question was settled
right then and there. For If there was
any money In it the boys were ready to
1 vork from early until late and to work
right faithfully, too.
One fellow spread the glad tidings to
hi3 cl!que ar.d rounded up his men with
short turn, and when the rival bands
Such was the success of the summer
school, the only one. by the way, west
of the Rockies. When It was time for
dismissal the youngsters hung about
like so many troublesome bees, for
there was a heap more fun and enter
tainment at school than at home or
even on the streets, and the worst
pranks they could think of didn't any
where near come up to earning money
and being quite a man of affairs, for
the baskets were bought now and then,
to help the good cause along and to
keep interest from flagging.
And this is the latest bee that has
buzzed in the bonnet of Oakland's so
ciety maids and matrons. They took
it up as a hobby and rode it for all it
was worth during the six weeks" vaca
tion, but whether they would have tired
of it had it kept up at a steady clip is
more than one can tell. But this much
is certain, the club has never shown
the white feather and it would have
managed somehow or other to make
the neighborhood rise up and call it
blessed.
"waltin' to git In," and every now and
then some adventuresome Jane would
manage to rouse the entire neighbor
hood because she hung herself on a
picket and couldn't get down. Once in
side the building they were allowed to
compare notes and talk as much as
they pleased — provided, of course, they
didn't raise too much of a disturbance,
and If a turbulent soul transgressed he
was promptly sent homo and not per
mitted to return the following day.
That finished him to a T, for "all de
fellers" were at school and thera
"wasn't nothin' doin' " any place else.
SOCIETY AND
PHILANTHROPY
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
12
ADVEKTISE3IEXTS.
YALE'S
Almond Blossom
COMPLEXION
CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanses, softens, purifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
cleanse superficially.
Mme. Tale says: A little Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream should
bo applied every time the face
and hands are washed. It removes
the dust, soot, crime, smut and
smudge from the Interstices of
the ildn and makes the surface*
smooth as velvet.
A daily necessity at home and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or *.vhen on an
outing of any kind, md particu-
larly prized at a seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects the skin
from cutting winds, burning rays
of the sun and every injurious ef-
fect of the elements. Prevents
and cures abnormal redness of
the nose or any part of the face,
and that purplish hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest known specific for
burns; takes the fire out more
quickly than anything else,
soothes, heals and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
for use of infants and every mem-
ber of the household. An exqui-
site natural beautifier. A grateful
application after shaving. Excel-
lent for massage purposes. Now
in two sizes. Mme. Yale's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream is
now sold in two sizes by
OWLDR.UGCO.
(Both Stores)
1128 Market Street
80-82 Geary Street
At special price of 40c and 80cPROTRUDING ABDOMEN (T. M. B.)
—When the body is not particularly
fleshy except about the hips and par
ticularly about the abdomen, there is
usually something radically wrong with
the diet or with one's manner cf stand
ing. One or both contribute to this un
happy condition in your case and which
Is the most responsible of the evils can
best be determined by you. A con
tinued heavy diet, drinking large quan
tities of water at and between meals,
keeping the digestive organs in a dis
tended state, aggravated by ill-fitting
corsets which protrude, cr are too tight,
are part of the trouble. The tight cor
set holds the flesh more or less rigid
at all times, causing the muscles to
lose vitality and become soft and flab
by; causes the thickening of tissues and
deposits of fat at thi3 part of the bedy
until It i3 out of proportion to the
limbs and shoulders. Standing with
the weight cf the body thrown upon
the heels and the weight cf the upper
part of the trunk wholly sustained by
the small cf the back is. in the ma
jority of cases, the prime cause of a
full abdomen. Until you iearn to stand
more correctly, resting on the bails of
the feet and lightly on the heel3. with
chest raised, the prominent abdomen
will continue to offend, as massage
and diet cannot wholly correct the
fault. Massage the abdomen twice each
and fill the seed cavity with whipped
cream. For luncheon use a rich va
nila ice cream. Or the edible portion
of the melon may be cut In small
cubes and served on a plate with a
light sprinkling of salt.
PROPER CLEANSING OF THH
TEETH^ (V. B. X.)— When nearly all
RUGS (Maud). — Oriental rugs wear
well, better than anything else, in fact,
but they should not be abused. One
can buy bamboo affairs that are good
for beating purposes and if I were you
I would hang them on the line in the
sun and then see that the dust was
beaten out. People have an Idea that
they are made of cast iron or some
thing even stronger and that they will
last for generations. So they do— in
their own land. However, people do
not stop to think that the Orientals
have a peculiar gliding motion and
that they wear the softest of sandals.
That gives the soft, silky look that
helps to make them so pretty. Amer
ican boots and restless American feet
do not have the same result and vig
orous sweepings the wrong way of the
nap and beatings with broom, handles
do not add to their beauty.
the decayed spots are between the
teeth, near the gum, it indicates that
you are not as thorough as you should
be in cleaning between the teeth and
not that the' trouble is due to any
peculiarity of the teeth. Unless there
is a decided space between the teeth
the brush cannot reach and cleanse all
the crevices without aid in other forms
and under any circumstances a close
inspection of the teeth should follow
the brushing to determine its effective
ness. A leading dentist gives the fol r
lowing as a thorough —ethod of clean-
Ing the teeth: Use a moderately stiff
brush and a simple dentifrice com
posed, of two ounces of precipitated
chalk and one-fourth ounce each of
powdered orris root and myrrh. Al
ways brush the teeth on both sides
and, after a crosswise, brushing treat^
them lengthwise, always finishing the
process by rinsing the mouth thorough
ly several times. Be particular that
eyery tooth has an equal share of the
brushing, for carelessness in this re
spect furnished the explanation why
defective teeth are most numerous on
handle, but ice cold with luscious pink
flesh scooped out in dainty oval pieces
or cut in neat squares and freed from
the seeds, served on a pretty plate
garnished with a spray of fern, is a
most refreshing | and attractive dish.
Another pretty method is to make a
low melon basket of the shell and fill
it with the chilled fruit. Cut off the
stem end of the melon, so it will set
firmly on a large dish, making the
handle on the opposite end. Remove
all the edible portion, pick out all the
seeds which can be reached without
breaking the fruit too much and set
on the ice to keep cold. When ready
to serve set the cold, crisp basket in
n, bed of cracked ice and ferns or any
obtainable greens, fill the basket with
the chilled fruit and serve at once.
Tall glasses filled with the fruit cut
in small pieces is a pretty and dainty
manner of serving i«slons. Canta
loupes or musk melons, as they are
commonly called, should be scrubbed
thoroughly with a brush to free the
netted skin from grit. Chill the mel
ons, cut in half, remove all the seeds
TO SERVE MELONS ATTRAC
TIVELY (Mrs. P.) — The fastidious
housekeeper who objects to serving
melons, giving as the reason that they
are too mussy for dainty service, la
ignorant of the best methods of serv
ing. A melon sliced and insufficiently
chilled Is unpalatable and awkward" to
one Jaw or one side of the paw. Next
take a soft bit of old linen or absorbent
cotton, wind It around the point of an
orange stick arid wipe away any par
ticles around the teeth next to the
gums on both sides of the teeth. As
your teeth are very close together get
five cents' wo*rth of the narrowest rub
ber bands obtainable and use them in
stead of silk floss for Cleaning between
the teeth. The rubber is most cleans
ing in Its action, can be stretched to
fit any space and will hot bruise or cut
the gums should it slip at any time.
If you will persist in the method of
cleaning advised,. dentists' bills will be
reduced and your teeth will be clean
and in a wholesome condition all the
time.
A LOTION FOR BLACKHEADS —
(R.M.B.). When the skin of the face is
disfigured with blackheads, even after
repeated scrubbings, the following will
be found useful in dispatching the
blemishes more rapidly, yet without in-
Jury to the most delicate skin. It is ob
vious that a skin food is not needed,
the skin being already overburdened,
hence the tiny plugs of hardened, se
bacous oil. A good cold cream, how
ever, is very helpful in cleansing and
softening the skin preparatory to press
ing out the blackheads, If It Is used as
directed, otherwise it may increase
rather than decrease the trouble. Wash
the face with a soft linen rag, using
plenty of hot water and soap— a pure
blend article free from strong alkali
and- coloring matter is presupposed.
Then rub cold cream lightly over the
parts most affected and massage with
the finger tips in rotary .motion and
wtih a light pressure. After manipu
lating for five or ten minutes the skin
will be glowing warm and the clogged
pores softened from the combined
forces of water and massage, when the
worst blackheads may be easily pressed
out. Always protect the finger tips with
several folds of old linen to avoid bruis
ing the skin. Wash the face again
with the hot water to remove all cream
and then apply this lotion: Take one
dram each of zinc oxide and carbonate
of magnesia and four ounces of rose
water; mix, shake well and, dab on the
spots, pressing out more blackheads
after five minutes if you can do it with
out too much pressure. Then rinse the
face In two cold waters. Treat the face
before retiring and again in the morn
ing, when a thorough washing should
be followed by the lotion only, and then
with cold rinsings to close the pores.
CALI' — IIENICS — (Jessie). Calis
thenics is derived from two Greek
words meaning beautiful and strength.
It means to exercise, never enough to
over fatigue, to walk in the open air,
to ride horseback, to play tennis and,
in fact, to use all the ordinary meth
ods of physical culture, but always
with a care not to overdo. Most cer
tainly it will develop the muscles, but
you must always be careful to see that
you do not over develop^ for this does
not make one attractive
FOR TIRED FEET (Busy).— When
dally occupation compels you to stand
the greater part of the day, plan your
recreation so that you may rest the
overstrained muscles of the feet and
legs; dancing and long walks are most
harmful to one who suffers from tired
feet. Concerts, lectures and a ride in
the open country will afford pleasant
changes and refresh both mind and
body. Select your shoes more care
fully, remembering that a Healthy, well
formed foot.even of ample proportions.
Is to be preferred to a small foot de
formed by a tight shoe. Be sure to
have shoes with the moderately low
heel. With high heel shoes the weight
of the body is forced on the toes in
stead of being largely sustained on tha
balls of the feet and on the heels, «us
It should be. A clever woman gives her
plan for being comfortable though,
tired, in this manner: Keep two pairs
of shoes for house and ordinary wear,
one pair a half size larger than the
other, then by wearing the smaller
pair in the morning and changing; to
the larger when the feet begin to grow
painful great relief is experienced. Al
ways have the dress shoe3 or slippers
of the larger size and you will forget
all about your feet when out for th<»
evening. It Is presupposed that the
nails of the toes are carefully mani
cured and that the hosiery is well fit
ting—both are essential to comfort.
day, using a massage roller with up
and down and crosswise movements
and firm pressure. Correct faults of
clothing and standing and you will
soon notice a decided improvement.
Answers to
Correspondents
, .\ {fTyVLAX.KS be, this Is the day when
• •' "' I ii'rie-ir.ade furnishings are not
A only permissible, but smart look
• : - "'• 1- ias as well. There was a time,
.• •. and- not so very far back, either,
**. by the. way, when tinlierers' work was
•" regarded with undisguised scorn, and
eVery bousehold necessity that did not
\ 'show \he shop label was straightway
•relegated to the back rooms, where
• visitors never chanced to stray.
"Eut since the work of the Arts and
Craft* people has cone into such de
/•dded* popularity every one who knows
a hatchet from a hammer and who
can drive a nail straight has sallied
forth and bought a set of tools and
littered the house with shavings, bits
of wood and aueer-smelling stains.
¦Weathered oak furniture is certain
ly swagger looking, and so axe the
a mission styles, for that matter. Yet
neither one nor the other appears at
Its best unless its surroundings
are In 'perfect harmony. And that Is
exactly where the rub comes in. One
new thing never fails to call for an
other; for what was moderately good
suddenly takes on a dingy aspect, and
the flaws cry aloud in their Jealousy.
With simple dark furniture the car
pet, "which serves as a background,
should be one colored and of a soft,
dull tone, and the hangings Bhould
match to a nicety. It is all very fit
f and fine to f urr.ish a room in one's
eye. but when it actually comes down
to .spending hard coin it is quite an
other- matter. However, if one can
not afford plain green or red carpet,
' there is a spler-did substitute In or
.<Unary'filling, though to be absolute
ly frank, it is not nearly as good an
investment, for it does not have the
[came wearing propensities.
- 'Buying new hangings frequently
„' ' costs a pretty penny, and dyeing old
ores is seldom if ever satisfactory.
-.That is, unless the shade Is a deep
. &reen or a vivid red, and there are
tinses when neither is appropriate or
. even pretty.
The very newert portieres— aud beau-
T'tiis they are, too— are fashioned by the
• Arts and Craft3 people, and were orig
' inally designed for their particular
. Btyle of furniture, which, by the way,
. is on the mission order, only more or
• less severe.
.They are made of what the manu
facturers term arras linen, which is
in reality a fancy name for a loosely
•'woven canvas.
.This material, which is remarkably
• 'smart looking and remarkably serv
r- icc'able as well, comes in an endless
variety of off tones, for it was made
.with the Idea of being something new
• ' and quaint and the color scheme is the
• * real secret of its tremendous success.
'z . The designs are unique, so peculiar
and startling. In fact, that old-fash
"ioned folks faSl to appreciate them.
•For there really is something new un
• 'der the sun at last, and like all inno-
vations, it will take time to introduce
r trrcra -into Tom, Dick and Harry's
•" borne.
* One of the prettiest designs Is what
Js^.caiied the "Rose pattern." Just
why K was dignified In this fashion
remains a profound mystery, for the
design, which is very conventional,
does not resemble a rose in the least.
But the effect is good, and that really
is all that is desired. The curtain It
self is a dull green and the contrast
ing color is an old rose, trimmed with
bits of variegated green. In all, there
are three roses which stand bravely
forth on straighter stems than ever
digniSed the proudest rose bush in the
land. The stems, which consist ot
three strands of rope silk, commence
perhaps a foot from the bottom of the
portiere and run to within two feet
of the top. The rose, of course, tops
it and adds its bit of color as well.
And now as to the rose itself. In the
first place it is absolutely square, with
a tiny nick taken out of the very
center of all four sides, which takes
away the block-like appearance. The
heavy rope silk, green, by the way. is
worked about this piece of applied
linen and serves a double purpose in
asmuch as it finishes the rough edge
and gives the third tone as well. Little
green scrolls in the rose resemble, it is
to be supposed, the stamens of the
flower and the rose in its entirety Is
completed.
The lower portion of the portiere is
trimmed In a very simple fashion.
Two bands of the rose, perhaps some
two or three inches In depth, are run
straight across from side to side and
on either side of the linen the green
Bilk makes Its effective rope and takes
away from the long straight up and
down effect.
There is absolutely nothing more to
this curtain, but It Is the smartest
thing one can buy in the line of
hangings. Its very simplicity adds to
its beauty, and the unique blending of
odd colors gives it a tone that is any
thing but common.
A favorite design is "Ye Night
Birds." They are a combination of
the weird and fantastic, and the three
outspread birds impress one with the
Idea that they are always just on the
eve of departure.
There are scores of queer patterns
— the poppy, the tulip and a multi
tude of others that must be labeled
or one would never dream what they
•were intended to represent- But, not
withstanding this peculiarity, they are
the only correct hangings for mission
styles and furnishings generally.
And now comes my secret. If one
can afford to walk into a shop and
coolly and calmly ask the designer to
look at a certain room and fit it up
according to a stated . period, all Is
very lovely and likewise very simple.
Next best comes in the ability to order
what one likes best of ready made fur
nishings, and really prices are not as
exorbitant as they used to be and the
economy bee does not buzz quite as
loudly and as Insistently.
Third choice is Just this: The fab
ric comes by the yard and can be fur
nished at but one shop in town. It is
full fifty Inches In width, which la
quite as wide as an ordinary portiere
and may be had in an endless variety
of colors. As to price it is inexpen
sive, pleasantly so in fact, for fab
rics generally run into a good many
dollars and do not always show their
value at that. However.- this canvas
costs between one and two dollars a
j-ard and may be had in any quantity.
To be sure it is not the easiest thing
in the world to turn out fit home pro
ducts, for the linen that is appllqued
generally has a changeable effect that
adds most decidedly, but there are
certain combinations that will make
the clever home designer as proud as
Punch. .
For instance, a simple effect that'is
Charming is the curtain utterly de
void of trimming and finished with a
double hemstitching. By the way, if
the curtain is a brown the silk used is
a yellow, bright enough to form a good
contrast, and as the hemstitching is
double and rather coarse in the bar
gain the finish is all that one could
wish for.
The same fabric makes splendid
covers for pillows and as the tones are
are never bright or glaring they always
blend nicely with anything that
chances to form a part of the cozy
corner.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALC
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
13THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
14
(Copyrighted 1304 by Central News and
- Press Exchange.)
THERE Is an old song, a very old
eong, the refrain of which runs
thus: " 'Twag merry In the hall,
when the beards wagged all, we
¦hell never see the like again, again!
We shall never see the like again!"
Whether there v.as anything particu
larly hilarious in the wagging of
beards, we may not feel able to de
termine, but there Is unquestionably a
vague sense something festive and
social conveyed in the quaint lines. We
feel, •without knowing why, that It was.
it must have been, "merry in the hall"
at the distant period alluded to— while
at the .present time we are daily and
hourly made painfully aware that
whether It be in hall, drawing-room or
extensive "reception gallery," the mer
riment • formerly so well sung and
spoken of exists no longer. The Harp
that once through Tara's Halls— no!—
I mean the beards that once wagged
in the hall wag no more. Honest
laughter Jias given place to the nanny
goat snig&ering bleat now common to
polite society, and understood to be the
elegantly trained' and "cultured" ex
pression of mirth. The warm hand
shake has. in a very great measure,
degenerated into the timorous offer of
two or three clammy fingers extended
dubiously, as with a fear of microbes."
And hospitality, large-hearted, smil
ing, gracious hospitality. Is dead and
vraptxaJ in its grave clothes, waiting
in stiff cor^e-like Btate for Its final
burial.
Public dinners, public functions of all
kinds— in England at any rate— are
merely so many funera.1 feasts In mem
ory of the great defunct virtue. It3
spirit has fled— and there Is no calling
it back again. The art of entertaining
ia lost— together with the art of con
versation. And when our so-called
"friends" are "at home" we are often
more anxious to find reasons for de
clining rather than for accepting their
invitations, simply because we know
that there Is no real "at home" in it,
but merely an "out-of-home" arrange
ment. In which a mixed crowd of peo
ple are asked to stand and swelter in
an uneasy crush on staircase and in
drawing-room, pretending to listen to
music which they can scarcely hear
and scrambling for tea which is gen
erally too badly made to drink. In
deed, it may be doubted whether of all
the various ludicrous social observ
ances in which our progressive day
takes part there is anything quite so
sublimely Idiotic as a smart "at home"
in London during the height of the
season. Nothing certainly presents
jnen and women in such a singularly
Unintelligent aspect. Their faces all
¦wear more or less the same expression
of forced amiability— the same civil
grin distorts their poor mouths— the
tame wondering ~ and weary stare af
flicts their tired straining eyeballs—
and theySame automatic arm-movement
and hapd-Jerk works every unit, as
each approaches the hostess in the con
ventional manner enjoined by the
usages of that "cultured" hypocrisy
which covers a multitude of lies. Sheep
herding In a field and cropping the
herbage in the comfortable uncon
sciousness that they are eating merely
to be eaten are often stated to be the
Billiest of animals— but whether they
are sillier than the human beings who
consent to be squashed together in
stuffy rooms where they can scarcely
move, under the sham impression that
they are "at home" with a friend, is a
matter open to question. Of course to
some minds It may be and no doubt is
extremely edifying to learn by the so
ciety papers that Mrs. So-and-So or
Lord and Lady Thlngemmy will "en
tertain a great deal this season." Peo
ple who have no idea what this kind
of "entertainins" means may have glit
tering visions thereon.
They may picture to themselves
scenes of brilliancy where "a thousand
hearts beat happily, and when music
arose with Its voluptuous swell soft
eyes looked love to eyes which spake
again, and all -went merry as a mar
riage bell'" Only these things do not
happen. Anything but love Is "looked"
from soft eyes and hard eyes equally—
derision, contempt. Indifference, de
jection, malice and (so far as cham
pagne. Ices and general messy feeding
are concerned) greed light up these
"windows of the soul" from time to
time during the progress of such fes
tivities; but love, never! The women
are far too busy finding standing room
wherein to show themselves and their
newest frocks off to advantage to
waste any moment In mere sentiment,
and it is a christianly beautiful sight
to see how the dear things who v wear
the dressmaker's latest "creations"
elbow and push and hustle and tread
on the toes of their sisters who are less
highly favored than themselves in the
matter of mere clothes. As for the men,
if they have, by dint of hard exertion,
managed to get into the "crush," and
near enough to the hostess to bow and
touch her hand, their sole attention'
henceforward becomes concentrated on
the business of getting out again as
rapidly as possible. For let It be said
to the praise, honor and glory of the
sterner eex that, taken in the rough
majority, they detest the fashionable
"at home," with vlgoro'-- and honest
intensity— and unless- th<_ are of the
degenerate class who like to be seen
hanging around some notoriously press
puffed "professional beauty," or some
equally notoriously known leader of
the smart set, they are seldom seen at
such gatherings. They feel themselves
to be Incongruous and out of place —
and so they are. "At homes, are curi
ous sorts of social poultry-yards, where
the hens have it all their own way, and
do most distinctly crow.
But if "at homes" are bad enough,
the Em art, the very smart dinner party
is perhaps a little worse in its entire
lack of the true hospitality which,
united to CTace and tact and ready con
versation, should make every guest feel
that his or her presence Is valuable
and welcome. A small private dinner,
at which the company are some six or
eight persons at most, is sometimes
(though not by any means always),.
be impossible to forget— one of these
dinners which took place last season in
a very "swagger" house— the house of
a member of that old British nobility
whose forbears and titles always excite
a gentle flow of saliva in the mouths
of snobs. The' tables— there were two
—were, to use the formal phrase, "laid
for forty covers"— that Is to 'say that
the other— and between-whiles a fine
string band discoursed the sweetest
music. But with it all there was no
real .hospitality. We might as well
have I been seated at some extra" lux
urious table d'hote In one of the "Kur"
houses of Austria or Germany, paying
so much per day for our entertain
ment. Any touch of warm and kind-
the mischief! For sad as it is to lack
heart in the entertaining of our friends,
it doubles the calamity to lack brain as
well! • Our host was stupid— dull to a
degree unimaginable by those who do
not know what some lordly British
aristocrats can be at their own tables—
our hostess, a beautiful woman, was
equally stupid, being entirely engrossed
either checked by waiters proffering
more food, or drowned in the musical
growling of the band! I believe one
man hazarded a Joke — but it was not
heard — and I know that a witty old
Irish peer told an anecdote which was
promptly "quashed" by a dish of as
paragus being thrust before him Just
as he was, In the richest brogue, arrlv-
THB modern theory of disease lays
much' stress on the disastrous
work of infinitesimal invisible
agencies which prey upon the
body. To their overthrow and entire
annihilation all the forces under the
command of physicians and scientists
are being devoted. It sometimes seems
as if there were in the realm of the In
tellectual and moral life certain little
pestilential microbes or bacilli or
germs, call them what you will, which
persist in fastening upon and worrying
us. They burrow their way down
through the ordinary protective armor
and fasten upon our very vitals. We
try to shake them off, but they stick.
There is no recourse then but to de
clare war and wage It to the bitter end.
Remorse in its various forms, regret,
repining, self -upbraiding is a terrible
microbe. How much nervous force we
lose In worrying over things we have
done or failed- to do, the opportunities
neglected and the opportunities squan
dered. How we retrace the ground in
our imagination and say, "Oh, why did
I. not take the other course instead of
the one I did choose?" Honest self-ex
amination and self-appraisal is whole
some, but to linger long in thought over
•the might-have-been is suicidal. Gen-
eral Gordon, the hero of Khartoum,
used to say when he had actually done
a thing he looked upon it not as an
isolated historical event, but as. a part
of the providential movement of his
life. From that point of view he could
bear even the remembrance of his mis
takes, because he believed that some
how In the providence of God they
might be made to yield valuable snlr-
itual fruitage and turn out to the pro
gress of truth and righteousness. So he
detached himself, so far as worry goes,
from his yesterdays.
And we all need to do this. To-day
has problems enough of its own As
Martin Luther said, "The best repent
ance is to do so no more." Pause
enough over your folly and sin to
name it as such and to seek forgive
ness, and then dismiss it altogether
and responded "I am so afraid that
when I grow up I shall get married
and have a baby and the baby will
die." Older people lose sleep and flesh
over hardly more probable or imme
diate contingencies. Don't worry clubs
have come up in different parts of the
land to fight this special - microbe but
you need not wait for any formal or
ganization. Start one under your. own
roof or In your own heart.
MICROBES
By the Parson
from your mind. Suffer it not to shad
ow to-day's Joys or to sap the strength
to be used for to-day's tasks.
Another baneful microbe is fear. It
is bred in the same pestilential swamp
with the bacillus called remorse but It
looks toward the future instead of the
past. A whimsical illustration of It Is
had in the little girl who was asked one
day why she was sobbing so bitterly
The man who has stamped out these
two microbes, care . and fear, has
doubled the valuation of his earthly
days, lengthened the probable duration
of his life, acquired an enviable dig
nity, poise and serenity of life and
multiplied manifold the efficiency of
his personality.
Religion, especially the Christian re
ligion, provides some specifics against
the inroads of these two microbes. It
emphasizes its doctrine of forgiveness,
— perhaps sometimes in the past it has
overemphasized it. But, putting aside
all fantastic and unmoral statements
of that doctrine, the fundamental
truth will remain that for the man
who has slipped and fallen provision
has been made not alone to put him
on his feet ajain, but to remove from
his consciousness the load of guilt and
throbbings or remorse.
And the Bible Is also full of admon
itions beginning "Fear not." In fact,
for the man who really . believes what
the Bible says, worry becomes an out
rage upon his God. Why, if we are all
the creatures of a loving, forgiving, re
sourceful Father and are trying to-day
to live as His children should, need we
worry over yesterday's shortcomings
or be afraid of what the morrow will
brine: forth?
quite a pleasant affair, but a "big"
dinner in the "bis" sense of the word
is generally the most painful and dis
mal of functions, except to those for
whom silent gorging and after-reple
tion are the essence of all mental and
physical Joy.
I remember— and of a truth it would
each table accommodated twenty
guests. The loveliest flowers, the most
priceless silver, the daintiest glass,
adorned the festive boards— everything
that taste could suggest or wealth sup
ply had Its share in the general effect
of design and color — the host was at
the head of one table, the hostess at
ly feeling was altogether lacking; and
to make matters worse, a heavy demon
brooded over the brave outward sho%v
of the feast— a demon with sodden gray
wings that refused to rise and soar —
the demon of a hopeless, Irremediable
stupidity!
Out and alas!— here was the core of
with herself and her own bodily
charms, to the utter oblivion of the
ease and well being of her guests.
What a meal it was! How intermina
bly it dragged its slow length along!
What small hydraulic bursts of'mean
ingless talk spurted out between the
entrees and the" game!— talk to be
THE DECAU OF
HOSPITALITY
ing at the "point." But as nobody lis
tened to him It did not matter. Nobddy
does listen to anybody or anything
nowadays at social functions. Every
body talks with insane, babbling ea
gerness, apparently indifferent as to
whether they are heard or not. Any
amount of people ask questions and
never think of waiting for the an
swers. Should any matters, small or
great, require explanation, scarce a
soul has the patience or courtesy to
attend to such explanation or follow it
with any lucidity or comprehension. It 1
is all hurry-skurry, helter-skelter and
bad— shockingly bad— manners.
I am given to understand that
Americans, and Americans alone, re
tain-and cherish, the old-fashioned
grace of hospitality, which Is so rap
idly becoming extinct in Great Britain.
I would fain believe this, but of my
self I do not know. I have had no
experience of social America, save
such as has been freely and cordially
taught me by Americans in London.
Some of these have indeed! proved that
they possess the art of entertaining
friends with real friendly delight in
the grace and charm and mutual help
of social intercourse; others, again, by
an Inordinate display of wealth and a
feverish yearning for the paragraph
man (or woman), have plainly shown
that hospitality Is, with them, a far
less concern than notoriety. However
this may be, no sane person will allow
that It la "hospitality" to ask a num
ber of friends Into your house and
there keep them all standing because
you have managed that there shall be
no room to sit down, while strong,
half-cold tea and stale confectionery
are hastily dispensed among them. It
Is not "hospitality" to ask people to
dinner and never speak a word to
them all evening because you, if a man,
are engaged upon your own little "bus
iness affair," or, if a woman, are anx
ious not to lose hold of your special
favorite male flatterer. If friends are
Invited they should surely be enter
tained In the manner friendly and mad*
to feel at home by the personal atten
tion of both the host and hostess. It
la not "hospitality" to turn them loose
In bewildered droves through grounds
or gardens, to listen to a band which
they have no doubt heard many times
before, or to pack them all Into &
stuffy room to be entertained by a
professional musician whom they could
hear to much more comfortable and
Independent advantages by paying for
¦tails at the legitimate concert hall.
What do we really mean by hos«
pitallty? Surely we mean friendship,
kindness, personal interests and warm
hearted openness of look and conduct,
and all these are deplorably missing
from the "smart" functions of up-to
date society of London, whatever the
state of things may be concerning this
antique virtue in New York and Boston.
It would appear that the chief ingre
dients of hospitality are manners, for,
as Emerson says: "Manners are the
happy way of doing things." This
"happy way" is becoming very rare.
Society, particularly the "upper ten"
society, is becoming, quite noticeably,
very ruda. Some of the so-called
"smartest" women are notoriously very
vulgar. Honesty, simplicity, sympathy
and delicacy of feeling are. or seem to
be. aa much out of date as the dainty
poems of Robert Herxick, and the love
sonnets of Sir Philip Sidney. Time
goes on, say the Iconoclasts, and we
must go with It— we must, if our hur
rying civilization requires it, pass
friends by with a cool nod, mock at the
vices of the young and sneer at the
fallings of the old; we are all too busy
to be courteous, too much In a hurry
grabbing gold to be kind, and much
too occupied with ourselves to be
thoughtful of others. So let us bury
hospitality decently once and for all.
and talk no more about it. It was a
grand old virtue! — let us enter it with
honor— and cease to hold our funeral
feasts and entertainments in its name.
For,' being dead, 'tis dead and dons
with, and amid all our miserable
twentieth-century shams, let us at
least drop, for shame, our base imi
tations of the great-souled splendid
grace that was meant to link our lives
more sweetly together, to engender
love, and to make home more home
like. For nowadays, few of ns are
6lmple and truthful enough In our lines
of conduct to even understand hos
pitality in its real meaning.
"Between simple and noble persons,**
says a great philosopher, "there Is al
ways a quick intelligence; they recog
nize at sight; and meet on & better
ground than the talents and skills they
may chance to possess, namely, on
sincerity and uprightness." Sincerity
and uprightness are the very fiber and
life-blood of true hospitality. But the
chief canon of modern society is hy
pocrisy to begin with. Insincerity and
lack of principle naturally follow, with
their usual accompaniment, moral
cowardice, and so men and women
sneak and crawl, and flatter base per
sons for what they can get, and re
ject all chances of faithful friendship
for mere ephemeral show. Under such
conditions as these, what can good old
hospitality do but draw Its last breath
with a gentle sigh of expiring sorrow
for the mistaken world which prefers
a He to a truth, and still to this day
crucifies all Its loving would-be re
deemers on miserable Calvarys of deso
lation! No happiness does It gain
thereby, but only Increased bitterness
and weariness, and that all our social
customs have greatly changed since
the old time when households were
wisely ruled and very simply ordered,
is no advantage to the general social
community. "We may, if we choose,
and we very often do so choose, fly
from one desire to another and thence
to satiety, and back again from satiety
to desire, but we shall never, in such
pursuit, find the peace engendered by
simplicity of life, or the love and last
ing Joy inspired by that honorable con
fidence In one another's best and
noblest attributes, which should frank
ly and openly set the seal on friend
ship and should make hospitality a glad
duty as well as a delight. "Old fash
ioned" as it may be, no new fashion
.can replace it.fhow up for a month yet. He has
come all the way from Canada to pass
judgment on the girl I've selected to
be the wife of his godson. And lo
and behold! If I did not insist on his
fulfilling the object he had In mind
when he started he'd turn around this
minute, I believe, and go back to his
land of snows and tamaracks. Daft?
I hear you ask. No man is saner,
dear girl. But he's brimful of eccen
tricities. You know how prejudiced
he was when I wrote him about you
that I should think of marrying "a
girl of the States." But, provided
you possessed beauty and intelligence,
both of \v,hich I assured him were yours
In fullest measure, he was disposed
to make the best of matters. As bad
luck would have It, his ancient and
capricious fancy was yesterday en
snared by some forward young person
whose acquaintance he made at the
railroad depot. She was there, it ap
pears, to meet a friend. He, fatigued
by his journey, was overcome by one
of his periodic fainting fits. This of
ficious young woman was equal to the
occasion. She objected to having an
ambulance ,. summoned. One of her
relatives, she said, was subject to just
such seizures, and she knew just what
to do. She had him laid flat, hl» col
lar loosened, begged a fiask from a
drummer and dispatched, a messenger
to a drugr store for what proved to be
the proper tablets. Anyhow, she
brought him back to consciousness, had
him lean on her arm to the cab stand,
and saw him safely oft to his chosen
hotel. She would not give her name —
only laughed away his thanks and
went off.
"He has talked of nothing else since.
He vows he is going to advertise for
the young woman, that he may form-'
ally— and substantially, if she will per
mit — evidence his gratitude. So fasci
nated Is he by her that he has prac
tically lost - interest In you. "Such
grace!' he raves. 'Such wit! Such a
good heart! Oh, my boy, if you had
only -fallen' In love with her!' Which
Is neither reasonable nor logical,.how
ever you take it! I try to tell him
of your multiple perfections, but he
waves all aside as 'mere 'loverly ex
travagance. I do hope you may be able
to eradicate 1 the impression produced
by this extremely audacious young per
son, when I bring him to visit you this
afternoon. I'm fond of ; the old chap.
He has always been mighty good to me.
I don't deny that the cool million he
has promised me if I marry to please
him means a good deal to an Impecuni
ous bank clerk like myself. ' But . I
wouldn't marry a princess of the blood
royal, with the crown jewels thrown
in. If a little girl named Ray loved
me.- She says she does — God bless her.
Au revoir, then! Yours adoringly,
"ROBERT.
"Why didn't you meet me at the Art
Institute as you promised?"
• • ¦' • - ¦ ¦ • • • '
Ray stopped to address a question
to. the big Irish setter lying on the
hall rug. "Pickwick," she asked, "why
did I fail to meet Robert yesterday
afternoon at the Art Institute, as I
had promised to .do?" ;; '-;.'*."S
Whereat Pickwick, sagacious and
discreet,' inferred she could not prove
the matter by him. and only thumped
a sympathetic tail by way of reply.
At 4 o'clock the rooms were glist
ening with ' polish and glowing with
blooms.
Mrs. Falrlie, in her worn black silk
and Honlton. collar, received the
guests with gentle dignity. The tall,
handsome man,/ who had .introduced
him. looked searchlngly around. He
groaned as he heard the silver-haired
old gentleman launch out In confi
dence to* Mrs. Fairlle. - ..-..
gj "I he most attractive young crea
ture, my dear madam, I do assure you.
A hand like a' snowflake and a voice of
velvet. Heavenly blue eyes, full of
the most captivating tenderness—"
He sprang from his chair.
Would Robert feel annoyed that she
I had failed to keep her appointment
j with him the day previous? The
! thought troubled her. She could not
bear to remain indoors and eat her
breakfast. She would run out in the
garden and wait until the postman
passed. She had her plunge bath,
dressed and went flying downstairs.
"Good morning!" she cried smiling
ly. She caught eagerly the letter he
extended. At first, as she read a
shadow crossed her countenance.
Gradually this expression gave place
to one of bewilderment. Finally It was
merged' in a look of complete compre
hension.
"Robert won't be angry about the
broken appointment," she decided.
This is the letter Robert wrote:
"Dearest: My godfather, Wilfrid
Wolverton, Is here. He said he wanted
to surprise me.- In this laudable ambi
tion he was entirely successful. I was
not expecting ¦ him — didn't dream he'd
\ T was a day like an opal, full of
I light and sparkle and blue bril-
J[ liances, and tender, greenish shad
j ows. Ray had awakened to it all
I with a reciprocal rush of Joy born of
I perfect health gmd almost perfect hap
{ piness.
"Good heavens! Who-id that?"
A girl in a diaphanous green gown,
just the shade of a young lettuce leaf,
was coming down the room. She had
a lot of sunny hair rolled back from
a broad,- white brow.
"Mr. Wolverton." She was stand
ing before him, was holding out her
hand. "We met yesterday. You are
quite recovered, I hope?" . »
He grasped her hand in a crushing
pressure. He turned helplessly to
Robert Leith.
"Do you mean to say that thls^ — this
ansel is your promised wife ?"
"I certainly do," laughed the amaz
ed Robert. "I did not dream until
this moment that she was your minis
trant of yesterday. Uncle Wilfrid, is
she not — " ifflflgif'igt
"A forward young person — an offi
cious young woman — an extremely au
daciou? young person." murmured Ray
archly.
Robert colored, laughing still more
at the reminder. ! , .'
"She ia perfection," declared Wol
verton. "I didn't think there were
such young women ilf$Fhe States. I
still believe." stanchily. "that there
la only— one." t ** '
"You deserve a kiss for that pretty
speech," laughed Ray, and touched his
wrinkled cheek with "her fresh young
: Ups. -
By^Kate M. Cleary
THE LETTER ROBERT WROTE
of this refusal, and then with a aulcn..
impulsive movement she drew a pearl
stick-pin from the sailor knot at her
collar and handed it *to the boy. He ¦
ki?sed it in extravagant Italian fash-
Ion. «nu bowed low before her. The
day was Indeed over.
• The Princess went out of town. The
Httle studio was closed. She came no
He told the driver to drive to the
station with the pair, and stood watch
ing them -disappear down the white
road. Then he took out a cigar, bit
off the end and laughed as he said
aloud: "I always thought Miles Stand
ish was a fool. Half my mine gone.
tooJ 'The fool and his money are soon
parted.' Well, it's the only fun I'll ever
get out of It."
Then he went down the roa4 toward
the city, alone. '.
"Have you ever loved any man?
Ever truly loved?" ha asked without
heeding her.
In her heart arose the vision of a
pair of faithful, gentle eyes that had
sought hers on the plaza, and a form
that bent over ths guitar at twilight.
She burst into tears. "Oh. yes," she
moaned. "Raphael, dear Raphael!"
The carriage stopped. ' - The lover
climbed out. then leaning on the win
dow ledge, he whispered: "If you are
wise, keep still."
And she obeyed. The horse stirred,
the coachman dozed, and the time
grew long. Then the night quiet was
broken by the twangy voice -,ot the
American, mingled with the soft tone3
of her native tongue. The carriage
door opened and there before her stood
Raphael.
"Now." said the American. "If you
want to go home I'll take you back.
If you want to go with your lover, go."
For answer she threw herself Into
Raphael's arms, and caste and proprie
ty were forgotten in the bll3S of a first
kis=! of love gratified.—
"Here's a purse for you and your
girl. Raphael. Hope you'll like married
life."
"Senorita. I have loved many beauti
ful ladies. I am — bah!" — lj.? seemed to
be talking to himself— "tired of It all."
"Tired of . love?" A cold hand
knocked at the door of heV heart. The
carriage was on a lonely, white country
road now.
"Senorita. I cannot — I — er — well, you
see, I cannot marry you— I — " .
' "Holy mother!" the girl cried, cross-
Ins herself and feeling for her rosary.
"You cannot marry me? Then why did
you bring me here?" . , - .. •
"Wait, senorita: do you love me?"
She was dazed by the sudden, prac
tical question: then she shuddered and
answered: "No, I hate you— I hate
you. senor. Oh. take me back to my
mother — take me home." ¦
A victoria sp?d away from the house.
"Senorita," that was the first word
her strange lover had spoken. He no-v
leaned forward in the darkness. "Se
norita, are you afraid?"
His graze was cold and steady.
"No — o — o, senor. But why are -yea
bo — so still? You do not love me?"
Her voice shook.
She was beautiful and good as the
Holy Mother. He had had no glimpse
of her sir.ee, except from behfnd the
bars of her window. He could neither
eat nor sleep.
The American turned away, while his
lips curled unpleasantly. Raphael
amused him. He was an exceptional
Spaniard. He had scrape^ together a
kind of education for himsaif, and was
something of a genfna in music. Un
der more favorable conditions he might
have made a way for himself in the
world.
The cynicism faded from the Amer
ican s eye as he asked where the seno
rita lived and who her family were.
.'•'.'" • • ¦ • ¦'••..•-¦, i •
Anita lay asleep. The moonlight
came through the roses at the window
and all was still. Suddenly, through
the darkness came a single sweet not*».
The girl sat up to listen. She pushed
back her hair and listened agajn. Her
eyes shone, her cheeks Hushed and her
little heart beat fast. She stole to the
window, holding her mantilla clos«?
about her chin. Beneath the orange
tree stood a man. Her heart fluttered
faster, and the hot southern passion
shone In her eyes. It -was the rich
Senor Americano. • •
"Senorita."
This was going beyond the bounds
of the serenading lover, but Anita lean
ed out and waited.
"Senorita."
"Senor. I am here," whispered the
girl, and then drew back coyly.
"Fair one, listen." Then he poured
into her ears a tale cf love. ! ...
"One," said he, "loves the senorita
— loves thee -unto death— but he can
not marry thee In this country- ¦ Will
you leave sunny Mexico anfd so to
America with your lover— us ' his
wife?"
She drew back and shivered a little,
but the dimples played In her cheeka.
Anita must love and be loved, and
would make a good, true little wifa
for any man who would only love her
enough.
"Senor," she leaned far out into
the silver night, pulled a rose and
threw It down to him. "Senor. when?"
He picked up the flower, kissed it
and pressed it to his heart. He was so
coldly, artificially Mexican. It fright
ened and attracted her.
"Now," he answered. "Now, Anita;
will you come with me no*.v?"
The realization came to her like a
shock. Leave her father and mother?
Go with this man? To America? Lov«
and romance were her guidins- stars
poor little soul. Yes, she' would go.
"In two minutes, senor." sha whis
pered.
-By Edna Manners
fTNHE haze or the semi-tropics was
•I everywhere, blending the gorge-
I ous tints of hills and valleys In
JL its elusive veil. There were tears
In the Mexican's eyes as be sang
to his tinkling guitar, and his notes
were laden with crief. He looked- up
from beneath his sombrero, his black
eyea showing the clear white beneath.
"What's the matter?" came in a for
eign voice, and he glanced up to see
the American miner looking down on
aim. There, was something unpleasant
in the American's eye that held people
aloof and made them speak with re-
Etrairtt when he was near. Ra P£f el
stopped playing, covered his face isltn
his hands and sobbed aloud.
"Buck up. friend." the American
cried; then added In Spanish, "What s
wrong. anyhow?" Raphael grew
calmer. He stood up and leaned on ma
guitar, looking toward the humble
home where his little brothers and sis
ters were at play.
"Oh, senor," he cried in confiding
dejection, 'tis the beautiful Senorita
Anita. Senor, they have shut her up
and I shall never see her any more.
I die of love of her." -;> >"
"No, you won't," muttered the Amer
ican, turning away to mde a cynical
gleam. The dam of Raphael's grief
was loosened, and the contents of his
soul poured into listening ears. And
this was the tale he told: He loved
the Senorita Anita— a bewitching dam
sel far above him— was dying of love
for her. Many times they had met on
the plaza, and she had glanced shyly
from beneath her mantilla and smiled
at him— yes, he could swear she smiled.
A
FOOL AND HIS MONEY
'' ry IOVANNI DEL PRATO. grand
{¦ I son of eld Marie, stood at tht
, \\X crossing and waved the little red
"^^ flag which warned travelers and
'* . chauffeurs that an excavation
• lay just bc-rond. The excavation had
i>een a source of annoyance to the great
•city for many months, but Giovanni
had prayed That it might never be filled
in-— first, because so lor.g as he waved
the 'little red t'.ag he would draw one
. dollar a day — and, then, had come the
••'Princess.
• To be sure, back in sunny Italy he
had dreamed of different things. He
. had no conception of the noisy, shriek
*' ing city (Those streets were Althy by ,
•comparison with the hard, white roads
if his Neapolitan home. He had
* dreamed of cities paved in gold, and of
a people who r^-id '^io prices to lads
.vith good voicts, but lie had found the
/ v jpera season dosed and his grand
tnotner skeptic*! of the commercial
value' of trcsh untrained voices. She
had. been »:: America nve years, and of
the little red nag and the dollar a day,
•the was sure.
Even of the Princess he at times felt
a bit uscsrtdin, lor he thought it odd
'. that a PrtabtttS should walk by his
.corner evt-ty ii.ornmg with a portfolio
" • under her at m. There were other
.young: men. vei&trU in American
.ways. Vkhu thought the frincess
. thould not valk end carry a portfolio,
- but the Prir.Lt.bs would not ride in their
: carriages nur atlow them to carry her
* portfolio, fcht had gone iz for art, and
;. the y<j ung Deo iuieriered witb the real
; Nation of her ambition.
" In Giovanni's mind, however, there
vas no question about her royal blood.
• It showed in her caiiiuys. in her patri
cian features r.-r proudly carried
. littk: head; in the .... ut the wonderful
gray. gown the a.i..cya wok, and in the
*" violets at her i,.it. m tim«= the young
" Italian was gl~~ .hat she did not ride
* in acarriagt-, trls.^ it had not been given
£o him to see tr.~i :-he got safely across
•;he^trett on his tide cl the tracks, and
• to turn her over to the more stalwart
'..policeman on Uj<. other gide.
Giuvanni did not tell his grandmother
abou-t the Pnncetsa. O!d Marie ran a
.boaxding-houst tur Italian workmen
.and constant intercourse with these men
and the Etrugg.e to git her board
money each week hau rather killed
sentiment, but under h~r vehement
." lau'lt finding her love for Giovanni
' burned clearly and steadily.
Spring came and the Academy
closed, much to the regret of Kate
' Cameron, ctherwitc th^ Princess. She
"was just becoming interested in paint
ing .from life, su she persuaded her
.' lather to fit up a little eiudio in the
•" ' attic of their town house, though she,
knew full well that in less than a
month the whole family would flit to
' their country place. One of the pro
• fesscrs at the Academy agreed to call
• occaskmaliy and criticise her work, and
. "there remained only the Question of
•* models. A half-dozen young men. who
beard her talk about it at a fashiona
: bte tea, immediately offered to act in
this capacity, but she laughed aside
their suggestions. They were sadly
•. lacking in th2 artistic temperament, she
¦aid.
"• ' The very next morning she stopped
. -fit Giovanni's crossing- He had not
• seen her for nearly a week, and he
"was glad that a broken dray barred
•the' passage of both vehicles and pe
destrians. The Princess carried no
"•-•portfolio this morning, but a little eil
; "ver-mouned memorandum book, filled
with the addresses of models. When
she saw Giovanni she lost interest In
• the memorandum book- She had no
ticed him before as a graceful, lithe
j . lad despite his rough garments, and
•cot.' his eyes, glowing with delight at
•sight of her. his beautiful white teeth
showing he and the graceful
."gesture r.-ith which ¦ he continued to
wave the nap, despite the fact that ve
hicles couiu j either come nor go, caught
. and held bei Interest.
Being a young woman of impulse,
ehe then and th<-re asked him to pose
•for her. <Jiuvar:r.i said '"Sure," one of
¦¦ thfrfew American by- words he "had
.- picked m>. ar:d said it so softly that
it becarr.-: almost a verbal caress. His
, -voice was the last touch. Miss Cam
eron was ture now that no othtr model
would ilo. but unfortunately Giovanni
bad not understood a word she had
said. l!e would have said "sure" to
any request the Princess made of him,
• and this much he had gathered from
her words— the Princess had n^ed of
. him and his services. The girl looked
puzzled, and a fellow workman, who
understood both Italian and English,
stepped forward and offered to act as
interpreter. The young lady desired
the sen-ices of Giovanni at her home
the following day. Giovanni regarded
it as a royal command, but, alas: there
• were his grandmother and the Inexora
ble "Job."
S '. Then suddenly his face brightened.
Two days i?iore and there would be a
. fete day (what you call it — Decoration
" day?) and there would be no work on
the streets nor anywhere in the preat
city. Would that suit Her Excellency
as well? Th* Princess graciously as
sented. Thf> interpreter took the ad
dress and th*» interview was over.
After the girl had gone, the inter
preter, in fluent Italian, informed Gio
vanni thi.t ho was a lucky dos. The
. young lady had agreed to pay him for
the day's woik five tim?s as much as
he earned waving the flag. "A good
.day's work." said the Italian, as he
turned away. But Giovanni looked
"after him scornfully. The fete day was
a man's own. and the little grand
mother would not expect even the dol
lar from him.
The great day dawned, and Giovanni.
In the velvet suit he had brought from
his Neapolitan home, arrived at the
beautiful mansion on the avenue. The
Pxlncess had laid out a wealth of
.draperies gathered during her last trip
abroad, but when she saw the bov in
simple costume she forgot studied
f/ effects and could hardly wait until "She
posed him on the little platform. It
was for Gicvar.ni, indeed, a fete flay,
for the two young people managed to
understand each other, and Giovanni
mellowed and glowed under the eirl's
charm of manner as he had never done
. since h*> came to America. Then long
before he was tired came a senrant
with a cooling drink. Ices and cakes
—not Euch as they had or» fete days at
nom<\ but, nevertheless, most delicious
• —and when the evening shadows
lengthened, and the young girl at last
wearied, Giovanni understood that the
audience was over. She offered him one
cf those crisp green bills which rep
resented almost a week's work at the
crossing, but Giovanni, .drawing him
relf up proudly, declined It. Some
how the girl understood the motive
Giovanni stirred. The Princess saw
the movement first and bent over him.
In returning consciousness It seemed
to Giovanni as if he must have waked
up in heaven. "Princess," he mur
mured, and the wonderful glow came
into his eyes again. ; Impulsively the
girl bent over and kissed him.
He felt as If he were floating In the
air, but It was not because the Princess
had kissed him. He remembered the
fall— the blow— and he looked inquiring
ly from one to the other. His grand
mother burst into tears, and "wails in
her native tongue fell from her lips.
Giovanni turned from her to the Prin
cess. The girl's eyes were dim with
tears. Then it must be true, and Just
down, down, and then — night.
They stood arourd his cot in th»
hospital, the girl refusing to rest or
leave him for an instant, "He might
wake — first," she said with a catch of
her breath, "and : I must speak to
him." ' ~
more to the crossing and the heat blis
tered the streets and burned into Gio
vanni's very heart- But the flaj?
waved mechanically and the memory
of the fete day came to- him occasional
ly like a breath of fresh air, but it was
not to be talked of, because no one
else would believe, that she-was really
a. Princess. Then came the day of the
flre in the great office building "a
block away. And on that day It so
happened that the Princess had come
to town to meet friends. She was
crossing the city in a hansom, reach
ing Giovanni's corner simultaneously
with the arrival of the fire engines.
Giovanni was "first to see that her
driver had lost control of his horse,
and that it was plunglnp straight to
ward the excavation. The policeman
on the other side of the street was
having his own troubles. A slender,
gray-clad figure seemed to rise sud
denly and leap out of the hansom.
There were curses from the driver and
/bewildering shouts all around him,
but the boy saw only the gray figure,
and somehow he caught it In his
arms. He felt himself going down,
The Sister, who spoke Italian, ex
plained to him that the big:, square
shouldered man who had written his
name on the Ions, slender piece of pa
per taken from the book was the father
of the Princess, and the. little slip of
paper meant that the old grandmother
would no longer keep boarders, but
could go back to Naples a rich woman
as wealth counted among their people.
The boy did not seem to hear. He was
looking into the face of the Princess.
There were tears in her beautiful eyes
—because he was dying.
They led the girl away. The old grand
mother, the piece of green paper with
Its -wonderful characters crumpled in
her hand, knelt beside the cot. The
doctor, who had watched the boy's face
In those last moments, turned to the
priest.
"The gods were good to the boy."
' And the priest, who had also watched
the glow on the boy's face and who
knew many phases of the Italian na
ture, crossed himself and said:
"The great God is always good to his
children."
as he was so happy— alas J
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
15
GIOVANNI AND PRINCESS.,;. Poii" Those Wh© "> '^M ft-S5 t:^h€S€ v.P-MxsT^s ; - ¦Cb-JD *V-
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
Autocrat of the Breakfast Table, Hohnes: Clilld's Garden of Verses,; Stevenson: Cranford. Gaskell;
Cricket on the Hearth, Dickens; Courtship or .Miles Standlsh, Longfellow:' Fairy Land of Science, Buckley;
Cnlllver's Travels, Swift; Imitation of Clirist. A'KempLs: Jessica's First Prayer. Strrtto'nY Lady "of the Lake,^
Scott; Ligbt "f • Asia. Arnold: : Milton's PocmsV'/oid Christmas, Irving;" Phantom : Rickshaw. . liipllhg; The
Pilgrim's' Progress, Bunyan:v Plain Talcs l<>om.Uie Hills, Kipling; Re*i»cscntativc sicn, Emerson: The Snow
Image, Hawthorne; Through the booking Glass, Carroll; Vic, the Autobiography of a Fox 'Terrier, Marsh,
. And don't forget this next point." because it Is Very" Important: :ALIi ANSWERS MUST REACH
THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those; hi the country an equal chai..e to compete. Read
eyerytliing on this paq:e, to he sure _ that you' overlook nothing that 1 will help you "to win "a prize.'
; . THE NAMES OF TH1C~ LUOIvV: WINNERS ' --.'WILL . BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WTEEKS FROM TO-DAY, Ausust 28. . . ¦[¦ ".¦'¦¦
These are tho TWENTY IJKAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you ma, choose if you solve aU the pu*
tles correctly: • , ¦."*'¦ .'¦..'¦ " ¦-•••-.. r .-;;¦•-¦•-.._ • .. •.-¦.•-.•. . ¦
And x-euienaber this: You will all have a chance not only to win orie of those 150 prizes, but get
'jonr. picture published- as welL The JPuzzle Editor ; wants all the prlxe winners :o send In their pictures
¦7-the whole 150 every '.veek if possible. Begin right now. Don't Walt. The more the merrier. There
can't bo too many. - * ''•-¦• ¦ , v .
PLEAS12 DONT SEXD IS ANY TINTYPE PICTURES OR 'PROOFS THAT ARE I UXTOirED— which
means that tli-y will fade as soon us they aroexposcd to ttie*sun,ahd : u6n't~forgct.tp" write your name and
address on the back of each and every photogi-aph. And by all means be sure thr.t you are a prize win*
ncrbefore you send in any picture at all. ;
, THERI3 ARE OXE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and this Is w^t^ yon must do to win one at
them: -. ¦ . - - ' .-¦; L"j_" . "_--." •;•
- Find the names or flowers on this page nnd write them out In the space opposite the proper corre
sponding: numbers provided for <the purpose In the coupon on this page, -as" I*i* directions; fill hi the
coupon with your name and address nnd the prize tou desire— IT you win— and tend the coupon to the
EDITOR OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco,:^ CaL
REMEMBER- To U»e FIKST ONE HUNDF1ED AND FIFTY BOYS AND GIRLS who solx© the
eight -Pozzies correctly, one . of _'-; these i.;'ONE HUNDRED AND^ FIFTY f BEAUTiFUL PRIZES will oe
•warded. : . - - : --\ • '••- ' &¦ ¦ r.£v.;»/i''. ¦-;¦¦-.;¦ ¦ ¦.¦ . -.-' .¦¦.-.¦
: % There are eight names or flowers represented on this page and with the hints giren in another col
umn they should be plain sailing. . --:.••• • • - - : . . ¦ ; •¦-;- .- ; -.-,.. .'.-;...,
But here .Is something the Puzzle Editor vrants to speak of particularly. .'Ton most not only firo
your name and : the town and State wherein you live, but the street or. pnstoftlce number. This Is im
portant because many books have been returned because' of incorrect addresses. :.lnd don't forget the gal
lery of honor. .• ¦ ". : ..¦*. .'- "•'.•'¦ ... ' '" ,f : ; ~ : ~;- '.'-. '.{'. -—- - ¦;.. , ; . : '"'- . ; : '.-.•-. : ... ' ' % r '*-.
Slevin, 1096 Treat avenue, San Francis
co ; Allen Mechcm, \ i30 . • York -' street,
Vallejo; Frank. 4193 Twenty
fifth street," lMin.'.Fi'ajiciscoV.Regina
Lynch, 479 Ellis street; San. Francisco;
Anita Loos,' 49S^alif ornia street, .Los
Angeles; Willie^: Strem'meV ' Vallejo;
Charles Whisler, \ 867/ Willow l street,
Oakland; Annie I Wunne'nbergy VaJJejo;
Earl Williams, Berkeley;* Annfe' Paul,
Suisun; Susie Buiterworth. 2753 "Octa-
Freddie Wyckoff, 11151& Treat ave
nue, San Francisco; Leslie Vogrtlsan-
Eer, Stockton; Harold Vogelsanjrer,
Stockton; May Taylor, S58 Castro
street, Oakland; T. O'Rouke, 3S33 Sac
ramento street, San Francisco; Louisa
Higel. Vallejo; Eleanor Plunkett, Val
lejo; Gertrude Loventhal, Bakersfleld;
Paul Dunckhorst, Sacramento; Percy
Dallard. Renton; Maud Williams, 1060
Castro street, Oakland; Mildred Smith.
£32 Turk street, Ean Francisco; Jack
MoPherson, 4183 Twenty-fifth street,
San Francisco; Helen Knight, 751
Guerrero street, San Francisco; Grade
Thompkins, Penn Grove; Florence
Charles, San Jose; Elinor Brown, San
Rafael; Ella Minor, San Rafael; A.
Kalogrias, 552!& Bryant street, San
Francisco; Mary Kalogrias, B52% Bry
ant street, San Francisco; Tillie
French, San Rafael; Russell PdUinglll.
Eureka; Florence Adams, 945 Willow
street, Oakland; Hiram Prather, Sui
eun; <3ertrude Hemphlll, 945 Grace
avenue. Oakland;, Eddie ; Graham,- 360
Shotwell street,- San Francisco; Her
mine Bolsselier, 511 Waller street, San
.Francisco; Lena Sammey, 1507 Bu
chanan street, San Francisco; Vead
"W'enk. 1314 Lincoln Etreet, Oakland;
Robert Spedding, Palo Alto; Xana
Morgan, 818 Grove street, San Francis
co; Blanche Kirkham, Ean Rafael; Al
bert Kirkman, San Rafael; Frank Ed
roonson, Berkeley; W. Mathes, 862 Cas
tro street, Oakland; Alfred Abraham
ten, £25 Harrison street, San Francis
co; Amy Taylor, 201 Corbett avenue,
•San Francisco; Mark Broaddus, Ag
new; Mariam Broaddus, Agnew; Helen
Travis. 1165 Valencia street, San
Francisco; Gunlek Abramhamsen. 526
Harrison street, San Francisco;
Donald McPherson, 4189 Twenty-fifth
street, San Francisco; Bertie Bastian,
1716 Eighth street, Oakland; Rose
Howe. San Diego; Rose Sagehorn. S66
Castro street. Oakland; Josie Sage
horn, S66 CaEtro street, Oakland; Doro
thy Scgeleke, 1507 Buchanan street, San
Francisco; Alice Benson. 1507 Buch
anan street, San Francisco; Anna Gef
ken. 768 Grove street, San Francisco;
Charles Ehrenbers, 1044 Howard street,
San Francisco; Dewey Ehrenberg. 1044
Howard street, San Francisco; Anita
Ehrenberg, 1044 Howard street, San
Francisco; Rudcrlph Trautner, 2540 Mc-
Allister street, San Francisco; Elsie
Ktcrz. 1115 Twenty-eighth street, Sac
ramento; Genevieve Mitchell, Auburn;
Willie Coffcy. Sacramcito; Vcrna
Worthington, Tuolumne; Alma Ames.
Oakdale; Minnie Williams. 1683 Twelfth
fetreet. Oakland: Hazel Wagner. Ala
neda; Charles Hussey, Vallejo; Jessie
Gee, Vallejo; Vivian Macdonald, San
Eenito; Margaret Williams. 1024 Regent
street, Alameda; Bessie Bond, Sausa
lito; KeOte Bond, Sausalito; Byna Wil
liams. Stockton; Addle Gibbs, Gibbs;
Louisa Pratt, Gibbs; Mathew Cooper,
San Jose; Eliza Lash, Sulsun; Clar
ence G reaver, Ean Rafael; Tito Cor
coran. Gibbs: Clyde Bert, 352 Michigan
avenue, San Francisco; Emij Neilsen,
914 Linden street, Oakland;* Martha
Huffakcr, Allendalc; Loralne Williams,
1007 Bush street, San Francisco; Norma
Hodges. Alameda; Mira Smith, San
Jcse; Mildred Gorha^pt V>ilejo; Geor
gie Watson, 872 Eddy street, San Fran
cisco: Walter Pratt, Crockett; Edith
Frazier, Sacramento; Harry Murphy,
-Z28 McAllister street, San Francisco;
Maud Pringle. 1434 Point Lobos ave
nue. San Francisco; George ' Wihr,
11 Metropolitan avenue. San Francisco;
I^co' Alexander. 327 Larkln street, Han
Francisco; K. Rademacher, 13.15* Mc-
JLlii£ter street, gan Francisco; Ivathryn
THESE are the names of the lucky
guessers la the dressmaking
term puzzle contest of July 31.
Those puzzles seemed easy
enough, but from the way the answers
come In there must have been a rub
somewhere. Many of those who have
been regular guessers failed to send In
answers at all, which is a sure Indica
tion thct things -were not satisfactory.
It happens occasionally that the
genius who originates the puzzle pic
tures gets tired of his job and throws
in an ' added twist for spite. That's
what he did this w^ek, any way, when
he made the second picture "night
b!oomir.g cereus." which is certainly
new to most of us. There's another
twister In "jonquil," a flower which
doesn't grow in many pf our back
vards. - With these hints the Puzzle
Editor -hopes to see the old guard to
the fore again.
Prize Winners.
Tl&ese Are
the Lucky
Winners
in tlie Puzzle
Contest
of July 3L
via_ street, San Francisco; Elmer John
sonV. 407. Hayes street, San Francisco;
Jack Liguori, Aenew; W. H. Crowcll.
76D- Hayes street, San Francisco; Ra
mona Hanby, 912 Wood street, Oak
land; Grace Hanby, 912 Wood street.
Oakland; Leo Curtis,' 3171 Twenty-fifth
street, San Francisco; Ruth Anderson.
1625 Eddy street, San Francisco; Bcn
nie Israel; 312V4 Fulton street. San
Francisco; ' Bessie Boyer, 1106 Willow
street, Oakland: Margaret Boyer. 1106
Willow street, Oakland; Lilly Benner.
123 Kast : Eleventh. street. East Oak
land; Ralph : Bradley, Santa Cruz;
Frank ""¦' Lash, Suisuh; E. M. Brobst.
Folsom; Alice Kayberry. 1 Antioch; Ev
erett Crowley,' 1071 Wood ftreet, Oak
land; Mildred Nidever, Salinas.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIX
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzle3,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor.
Sunday Call, S. F.
i
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call.
San Frandwcox I . > '.^
Below In their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the namea of flowers In this
weelc's puzzles i
1
ft"
I
7 •••«¦•••*•:•«.-•.•:•¦•.••_«•-••-.»
8
August 14, 1004.
Name ..••• •
Street or P. O
s City
II I win I choose Tor prize
_
(See List of Prizes.)Britain's Ruler Makes
Jokes and Smart
Set Smiles.
KING WHO
CAN ALSO
BE CYNIC
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 13.— Among:
other things, the war has brought to
:he knowledge of the general public in
Europe and America that the Czar is
::ot the only royal personage in Russia.
It has revealed the existence of a
v. hole batch of Grand Dukes who were
previously almost unknown to people
•atside of Russia. The male relatives
of the Czar consist of his infant son,
'. orn yesterday; one brother, four un
¦ Ies»i foer first cousins, ten cousins of
from the country, according to his un
restricted imperial pleasure.
REBELLIOUS HEIR TO THRONE.
Nevertheless, there are rebels in the
imperial fftnily, for at present there
are seven or eight Grand Dukes %vho
have either married In opposition to
the Czar's wishes or who desire to be
wedded to women of whom the 'Czar
disapproves. Foremost among these is
the Grand Duke Cyril, the Czar's eld
est cousin of the first degree. Grand
They Own Much Land and
Many Palaces, but One
. -> Man Controls All.
POVERTY-STRICKEN RUSSIA PAYS SIXTEEN MILLIONS A YEAR FOR
THE PRIVILEGE OF MAINTAINING HER GRAND DUKES AND PRINCES
SAN FRANCISCO; SUNDAY, AUGUST. 14,. 1904.
LONDON, Aug. 13.— Nose pulling ta
not necessarily an objectionable and
hostile proceeding.
It has recently been shown by Dr.
Panyrek of Prague, says .the Lancet.
to be an effective method of treating
loss of consciousness. "Rhythmical and
very energetic" movements of the ( nose
upward and downward repeated several
times will, says the Bohemian physi
cian, revive asphyxiated persons ta one
or two minutes.
Nose Pulllnc a New Remedy.
PARIS, Aug. 13. — A fine Rembrandt
has Just been bequeathed to the Louvre
by Kaempfen. The picture was given
the latter's father by a person he once
had assisted. When the son came into
its. possession he recognized it to be a
Rembrandt and . made a Journey to
Switzerland to find the former owner.
AH efforts, however, were unsuccessful,
and refusing ' to allow the family to
profit by. the manifest Ignorance of the
former owner of the picture Kaempfen
presented it to the Louvre.
Gives Rembrandt to Louvre.
After one or two days' rest they
climbed to the summit of Monte Rosa,
being the first persons to succeed In
making the ascent this season, and
two days "later made in one day the
ascent of the Matterhorn. In their
eight days' climbing they ascended al
together 125.000 feet, or over eight tfmes
the height of Mont Blanch
Owing to the frequency of accidents
to climbers. ' Chamonix Is to be placed
in communication with the summit of
Mont Blanc by t wireles3 telegraphy.
GENEVA, Aug. 13.— Misses Charlotte
and Rhoda Hindley of London have
Just accomplished a remarkable feat of
Alpine climbing.
Attended by the guide Christ Bur
gener of Grindelwald, they crossed the
Alps from Chamonix to Courmayeur by
the Col Ferret to the Valals, and on the
following three days ascended the Col
de Gietroz," the Col de Maison Blanche.
the Col de Seilon and the Pas de
Crevres as far as Arolla,
Thence they made their way to Ztnal
and mounted the- Col de la Dent
Blanche, and the Trlfsjoch. ascending
the Saas Fee and Zermatt.
In Eijjlit Days v Tliey Climb Total of
125.000 Feet. Inclndins the
Steep Matterhorn.
TWO YOUNG GIRLS ASCEND
HIGHEST PEAKS OF ALPS
The Czar- ignored the fact that the
Countess' father was a royal Prince
and remembered only that her mother
was the daughter of the Russian poet,
Pushkin, .and the divorced wife of a
plain Russian citizen named Dubelt. He
Issued an imperial decree declaring the
marriage of the Grand Duke to be null
and ' vivid, but he was afterward In
duced "to withdraw this decree by the
intervention of the Grand Duke of
Luxembourg, an uncle of the bride,
and of the Queen of Sweden, her aunt.
The Grand Duke of Luxembourg con
ferred'on the bride the title of Coun
tess" Torby. Grand Duke . Michael
Michaelovltch ; and his morganatic but
legitimate wife, Countess Torby, are
most popular members of fashionable
society in ' England [ and ' France. King
Edward '¦ is their close friend and has
often visited them at their beautiful
country estate in England. He has re
peatedly endeavored to bring about a
reconciliation' between th^e Czar and the
Grand Duke and he has been partially
successful;' for Michael Michaelovitch
was; recently reinstated in the military
away on a foreign tour to forget his
folly.'
Almost the first place at which the
Grand Duke stopped on this tour was
Wiesbaden, where ho became involved
in another romantic love affair. He
was walking near Wiesbaden when a
horse ctime rushing toward him bear
ing on its back a woman who had lost
all control over the animal and who
was in imminent danger of death. The
Grand Duke placed himself In frc/nt of
the runaway .horse and at the risk of
his own life seized the reins and, after
being. dragged for a distance, succeed
ed In bringing it to a standstill. The
lady whom he ' thus rescued was the
young and ' beautiful daughter of
Countess\ Natalie Meremberg, the
morganatic wife of Prince Nicolas of
Nassau,' a brother of the reigning
Grand ' Duke of Luxembourg. Within
a week or two the Grand Duke made
thei young Countess Meremberg his
wife: '
Quite. by chance she attracted the
attention of the Grand Duko Paul
when she was walking in the street
and his Imperial Highness made In
quiries regarding the identity of the
beautiful, fascinating, stylishly dress
ed lady. He contrived to secure an
introduction to her in a none too con- J
ventional way and soon the 42-year
old widower was so desperately .in
love that: he was determined to make
Madame Vaierlanovna his wife at. all
costs. He communicated his inten
tion to the Czar, who threatened him
with the usual list of dire penalties if
he persisted . in his intention. Grand
Duke Paiil ! left Russia and took Ma
dame Valerianovna to Livorno, in
Italy, where he was wedded- to her
according to all the rites of the or-'
thodox Greek church" ¦ \>y a priest
whom he brought with him to per
form the' marriage ceremony. -This
Czar's resDonse was a decree expell
ing his uncle from the Russian army,
in which he held the rank of a lieu
tenant general, confiscating his Rus
sian estates and forbidding him -ever
again fo set foot on Russlan : territory.'
Grand" Duke Paul lives in Paris now,
arid according to all- reports' he Is so
happily married 'that his banishment
and; disgrace at court are matters of
indlfferenceto hlmi "
¦'¦ Grand : Duke Michael Michaelovltch,
a cousin of the ; second degree to the
Czar, was 29 years of age when, early
lii' 1891;/he asked permission of the late
Czar Alexander III to marry, a girl
well • known in" good ¦ society in Sti
Petersburg. She was not ' of -noble
birth, but her "father was a state offi
cial and the" famous diplomatist, Ig
natieff, was her uncle. Alexander III
had : no'.-;:", sympathy ';' with the 'Grand
Duke's romantic ' inclinations and,'
promptly prohibiting the r match, : his
Majesty sent; Michael '. 'Michaelovitch
years and returned only' when the
death of M. Valerianovna had left her
a widow. ' •
POUR OF RUSSIA'S PERSONIFIED LUXURIES.
One of the; Czar's uncles,; .Grand
Duke Paul Alexandrayitch, has been
in exile tv.o years because he con
tracted a marriage*. In 5 opposition, to
the Imperial, wishes. Grand Duke
Paul was a widower and 42 years of
age when he married a second time,
ia 1902. The lady of his choice was
37 years old and. had . had a: varied
career. Her maiden name was Kar
novitch, and she was the daughter of
a prosperous lawyer Jn St.. Petersburg.
She .was a girl of striking beauty and
manifold fascinations, and. at the age
of 21 she becamethe wife of a mid
dle-aged, engineer, named Pistolkovs,
who was more _than twenty years hei>
senior. ' .This marriage' was evidently
a failure, for after three years a div
vorce was granted /arid Madame Pis
tolkovs soon afterward became, ' Ma
dame Valerianovna, : the : wife V of : a
landowner- in the province, of ' Volhy-c
nia, ' She left St. Petersburg for some
Grand Duke Paul's Love Story.
It, remains to be' seen whether Cy
ril has been obliged to renounce his
right of succession in order to marry
the woman of his choice. If he does
not renounce his rights and bring*.
Melita to St. Petersburg as the wife
of the possible future . Emperor
a piquant situation will be. created.
The present Czarina is the. sister or
the Grand Duke of Hesse and shs
would hardly welcome her formed
sister-in-law as the wife of her; hus
band's possible future successpr.
However* this may-be; Cyril's pluck
and uncpnventionaiity and the deter
mination with which he .is > carrying
his romantic love affair make him the
most interesting' and sympathetic fig
ure among the grand dukes of Rus
sia. '^\ : r:\,!:-. ¦
This formidable array of . threats
appears to have alarmed Cyril and
Melita, for the idea of . marriage, was
dropped for a time. When the war
with Japan broke out, Cyril hastened
to the front to do his duty as a naval
officer and was aboard the Petropav
lovsk when that battleship was tor
pedoed and sunk with nearly all
hands. Cyril returned to St. Peters
burg w'th a halo of martial glory
round his grand ducal head and seiz*
ed the opportunity, to renew, his ap
plication, to marry- Melita. The Czar
appears to have. conceded what he re
fused before; at any rate, Cyril had
not been in St. j Petersburg twenty
four hours before he rushed off to
see Melita at Coburg. It was then
announced that Melita had notified
her former husband that she will no
longer accebt his annual allowance
of $200,000. It was further an
nounced that the. marriage of. Cyril
and Melita will take place before ths
end of this year.
declare the marriage to be invalid In
Russia; secondly, .degrade Cyril from
his rank as an officer; thirdly, confis
cate all his estates; fourthly, banish
him from Russia forever, and, fifthly,
deprive him of his right of succession
to the Russian throne.
Grand Duke Cyril had made no secret
of his admiration for the Grand Duchess
Melita before her divorce, and no soon
er had she left her husband's home and
gone back to live with\her mother at
Coburg than Cyril made her a formal
offer of marriage. This was accepted
conditional on the Czar's consent,
which, however, was. emphatically re
fused. Grand Duke Cyril was given to
understand that he would.be commit
ting an inexcusable folly if he married
the divorced Grand Duchess of Hesse.
First of all, she is his cousin of the
first degree, his father and her mother
being brother and sister, and marriage
between such near relatives Is contrary
to. the laws of the orthodox state
church in Russia. The orthodox Greek
church, moreover, like the' Roman
Catholic church, regards marriage as
indissoluble and prohibits the second
union of a divorced man or woman.'
A Grand Duke. who married in direct
opposition to fundamental principles of
the orthodox state church would out
rage the feelings of the bigoted millions
of Russia and "Would Inevitably weaken
the authority' of the imperial house.
The committal of this error by a Grand
Duke who stands so near,to the throne
would be suicidal from a dynastic view
point. Grand Duke Cyril was therefor*
informed that If he persisted 'in marry
ing Melita the Czar would, first of all.
Now the Grand Duke is anxious to
marry the divorced Grand Duchess of
Hesse, who before her marriage was
Princess Melita of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha,
niece of King Edward of Great Britain.
Princess Melita was married to the
Grand Duke of Hesse when she was
only 17 years of age, and the match
was a failure. The Hessian Grand
Duke Is a cold, serious man, who is as
high-principled and conscientious as he
is uninteresting. Melita is gay, uncon
ventional and overflowing with life and
spirits. When the Grand Duke wanted
his wife, not yet out of her teens, to be
a mother to his people, to visit the sick
in the hospitals and to superintend the
soup kitchens for the destitute. Melita
preferred hunting, riding and • other
kinds of healthy amusement. Truth
makes it necessary to record the fact
that she preferred the company of
dashing young officers of the Hessian
families of nobility to the dry old fos
sils of both sexes who were her hus
band's courtiers. Trouble arose and in
creased from incompatibility of tem
perament. After seven years of mar
riage a divorce was pronounced In De
cember. 1901". The Grand Duke of Hesse
agreed to pay his divorced wife ah an
nual allowance of $200,000, and their
only daughter was to spend half the
year with each parent. ,
ALL SORTS OF OBSTACLES.
Duke Cyril's matrimonial intentions
possess a special Importance, owing to
a possibility of succession to the
throne. At the present moment four
lives stand between him and the
crown — those of the Czar, the newly
born Czarevitch (heir apparent), the
Czar's brother and Cyril's own father,
Grand Duke Vladimir. /. .= <:, ¦:•;•/':
- Another Uncle of the Czar, the Grand
Duke Alexis, got into trouble when a
young man by marrying one of the
ladies-in-waiting of his mother, the
Empress Maria Alexandrovna, The
bride was a Miss Joukoftsky and the
young couple contrived to keep their
marriage secret for three years. When
the secret became known the Czar was
extremely angry and took prompt
steps to put an end to the romantic
union. He declared the marriage to
be i null and void and expelled Miss
Joukoffsky from Russia forever. The
priest who celebrated the marriage ser
vice was, banished to Siberia for thirty
years and died in the eighteenth year
of his exile. Miss Joukoffsky after
ward' married a German Baron and
died recently on her husband's estate
in Saxony. The only child which she
bore the Grand Duke remained in his
father's custody and the Czar subse
quently conferred on him the title of
Count Belowsky." The youthful esca
pade of the Grand Duke Alexis did not
mar his career, for he Is now com
mander in chief of the Russian navy
and exercises great influence on public
affairs in Russia.
rank which he had before his disgrace
and banishment.
WEDDED LADY IN WAITING.
erally, to the disgust of the victims.
they are so appropriate and clever ths.t
they stick for a lifetime. The latest
object of the society wag's cynicism
is Admiral Sir John Eisher, who has
Just been appointed First Lord of th^
Admiralty. Before that Admiral FIshei\
had the command at Portsmouth, the
most important naval station in Great
Britain/ Here, by inviting the King t<>
view this and the other display, and
the Prince of "Wales to go aboard this
or the other vessel of warfare, and by
otherwise keeping himself prominently
before royalty, he not only obtained
promotion, but has earned for himself
the sobriquet of "The King Fisher."
But the Kins himself is often the
author of the nicknames that are at
tached to different members of society.
From his royal master Lord Ribbles
dale got the title of "The Ancestor."
for the King declares he looks exactly
like an old portrait in the high collar
and stock which he always wears
around his throat. Park Lane. th~
home of the millionaires, has been
dubbed by the King the "Kaffir Circus"
because all the South African magnate?
of the Kaffir market have congregated
there. For some unexplained reason
three stone statues were set on top of
the wonderful house which the ill-fate<i
Barney Barnato built for himself in
Park Lane and which is now Inhabited
by Sir Edward Sassoon. These the
King called "the petrified share
holders." "When Sir Edward Sassoon
bought the house the first thing h*
did was to remove these statues and
send them to Preston Park, at Brighton.
a tpwn with which the Sassoons have
always been largely conected. Mr.
Henry Labouchere, M.P., once wittily
described Brighton as a long sea front
with a Sassoon at each end and tha
Metropole in the middle. The Metropola
is Brighton's chief hotel.
So unkind are many of the nicknames
that once established they are difficult
to erase from the memory. The pet
name for Sir Francis Jeune. the presi
dent of the Divorce Court, is "Boots,"
for his family and friends declare that
his feet are so large that his boot.*
come into view long before he himself
is seen. Still more trying is the sobri
quet of a woman who has been all her
life struggling to ascend the social
scale in smart society and step by. step
has succeeded, until last year she
reached almost the height of her am
bitions by marrying her daughter to
an Earl. And now when the gates of
the social stronghold are thrown open
wide to her all the world talks of her
by the comical nickname ("Hoopla!"
or "The Semi-Grand") that too plain
ly indicates her original position.
For Sirs. Edward Darrell. whose
daughter is the Countess of Kinnoull.
was in the days of her youth a
columbine in a provincial pantomime.
when she met one of the Broadwooda
of piano fame and married him. When
he died he left. her a lot of money, and
she later married a member of the
good old Darrell family, one of whose
ancestors known as '""Wild" Darrell
figured so largely in all the doings of
the "Hell-Fire" Club about the end of
the eighteenth century.
¦> the second degree, thirteen cousins of
i he third degree and one great-uncle.
His brother, his great-uncle, his uncles
.i?!d his cousins of the first and second
< T < -cree are all Grand Dukes, with the
prefix "Imperial Highness," while the
•".u.ir.s of the third degree are only
Princes of Russia with the prefix
"Highness."
This makes a total of thirty-four
"male members of the imperial house In
addition to the Crar himself, who are a
eerfous burden on poverty-stricken
Russia, fbr each of them receives as
his birthright an income of one million
..rubles a year from the moment he sees
the light of the world till the hour of
his death. The present sum paid to the
Grand Dukes and Princes of the Rus
• Fian imperial house thus amount to a
i"tal of 516,000.000 per annum.
As a matter of fact, however, the
Grand Dukes have no need whatever of
feeding on public taxes, for in the
"<*>urse of time, like most other Imperial
and royal families, they have contrived
j|£tojaccumu!ate Immense estates all over
'the country*. Between them, these
•.thirty-three Grand Dukes and Princes
of the Russian imperial house own 5000
square miles of land, or about one-for
tieth part of the entire territory in Eu
ropean Russia. Besides these vast es
tates they possess no less than 325 pal
eoes and castles and employ some 20,000
domestic servants, flunkies and retain
crs. It Is a traditional rule that every
male member of the Russian imperial
house shall be trained as an officer In
, ill? army or navy and that he shall
serve in one or the other of them..
• . MIGHTY PERSONAGES.
.,i.The Grand Dukes enjoy many legal
find social privileges in Russia. They
cancct be arrested, they cannot be
P'd In a public law court, nor can
y be subpenaed to give evidence in
public trial. If any one desires to
bring an action at law against a Grand
Duke £ he mun lay his case before a
• t-pecial tribunal constituted exclusively
for the pupose of dealing with litiga
tion in which members of the. Imperial
family are involved. If the evidence of
a Grand Duke be required In a public
r:a: a commission of Judicial officials
must wait upon him in his private res
idence and take down his testimony
ih.-re. The Grand Duke Is not required
to swear to the truth of his deposi
tions, hut his simple signature gives
the evidence the same weight and
value as statements made on oath by
Ordinary folk.
In society the Grand Dukes receive
s their due many marks of respect
j-.nl honor, equal to those enjoyed ex
; Jusivc-ly by monarchs in other Euro
. ; n '-ountries. In the army and navy,
'. tha Grand Dukes occupy a posi
i -.vhicli docs not depend on their
>=ric, bat which is their birthright If
an o.Tlecr. even if his rank is the high
est, mrtts a Grand Duke in the street
/.<¦ i'j obliged to take three steps back
ard. make half a right or left about
. -I':), ;>«? the case may be, and stand at
raliitfc in a perfectly rigid position un
! his Imperial Highness is ten steps
On the other hand, the Grand Dukes
have to submit to certain disadvan
tages and drawbacks arising from their
Mjh rank. The Czar has absolute
power over them, bo that with all their
rights and privileges they really Hvo
m in a condition of gilded bondage. They
cannot choose their own place of resi
dence, they cannot leave Russia on a
tour of pleasure, and they cannot mar
. ry without the consent of the Czar. If
they disobey and defy the Czar's
wishes he can imprison them, confis
cate tbeir estates and banish them
Pages 1 7 to 20
Pages 17 to 20
LONDON, Aue. 18. — Nicknames ar«
many In smart London socle y and gen-After the public installation of the
officers of Golden West Tent No. 68 of
the Knights of the Maccabees, there
was a pleasant evening's entertainment
under the direction of G. C. Freeman,
The Maccabees.
A new fraternal, beneficial and pro
tective association, called the Order of
Cadmus, has been organized under the
laws of this State, with the following
officers for the first term: G. A. Gug-
Order of Cadmus.
Past Grand Louis Ferrer! has in
stalled the, following named officers for
Loyal^Colombo Lodge of the Odd Fel
lows, Manchester Unity: C. Valenti,
grand master; G.Sabinl, noble grand;
G..GambarinI, vice grand; N. Ghlghar
aga, conductor; L. Ferreri, lecture mas
ter; F. Figoni. assistant conductor: M.
Manchester Unity.
The second anniversary ball given by
Lincoln Circle, Companions of the For
est, on the third Wednesday in July, in
the Assembly Hall of the Red Men's
building, was attended by a large num
ber of members of the order and
people who do not belong to it, There
was a well arranged programme of
dances and all had a good time.
At a recent meeting of Golden Gate
Circle Mrs. Mary Martin, one of the
most conscientious and energetic work
ers for the order, was presented with
a beautiful and valuable gold emblem
atic badge of the rank of past chief
companion. In the presentation the
many good deeds of Mrs. Martin as
a f raternalist were dwelt upon, and
what was said of her was heartily ap
plauded.
At a recent meeting of Court Occi
dental there was read a memorial of
the late John Moeecrop, prepared by
John Henderson, P. C. R. It was a
touching recollection of one who was
Ancient Order Foresters.
Monadnock Tribe at its last meeting
had a large attendance and had work
in the adoption degree, the team, which
is learning fast, doing the work in a
very acceptable manner. Under good
for the order Chief of Records Tubbs,
on behalf of the tribe, presented Keeper
of Wampum Madden a magnificent
emblematic locket in appreciation of
the work he has done to build up the
tribe and he gave him a splendid
"send-off" for the zeal he has mani
fested for the tribe. During the even
ing the members were addressed by
During the session of the Great Coun
cil of the Degree of Pocahontas of
the I. O. R. M., which is to be held in
this city this week, Manzanita, . the
banner council, the one which has set
the pace for others to follow and which
flics at the head of its tepee "Wo are
thu , leaders, others follow," will ex
emplify the work of the order before
the great chiefs and representatives.
During the session there will be a com
petitive drill In the adoption work by
Oneida Council of this city, Wanda
Council of Santa Clara and Ioka Coun
cil of Vallejo. The last named council,
of which Mrs. Mamie Whitthorne will
be the Pocahontas of the team, expects
to carry away tha honors.
Improved Red Men.
San Francisco Circle of the Women
of Woodcraft has arranged for a social
evening In Excelsior Hall on the night
of the last Friday in August.
Redwood Circle No. 72; on the even-
Ing of the second Tuesday In August
tendered a reception to Miss Bertha
Somner, the State organizer, in Eagle's
Hall. The hall was beautifully deco
rated in patriotic colors and at the ap
pointed time the guest of honor was
escorted to a seat reserved for her by
the circle's team and the officers of the
circle, in -the presence of a large as
semblage of people, to an inspiring
march played by Mrs. Emma Rice, the
Pocahontaa of llanzanita Circle of tha
Degree of Pocahontas. Subsequently
the drill team of Richmond Camp of
the Woodmen of the World entered the
hall, escorting "Prince" Laurance
Vincent and other dignitaries of the
W. O. W. Then followed a programme
of music and songs, addresses and the
presentation of a handsome sofa pil
low of burnt leather, the work of Mrs.
A. F. McMahon, to Miss Somner. the
State organizer, who responded in feel
ing language. The chairman of tha
evening was Mrs. Wilder. Afttr the
programme there was dancing tor two
hours.
Women of Woodcraft.
A a meeting of Silver Leaf Assem
bly of the United Artisans last week
six candidates were admitted by obli
gation and at the previous meeting five
were admitted. The assembly has se
cured quarters in the A. O. F. build
ing and will meet every Wednesday,
until a definite date is fixed. At the
next meeting new officers will be in
stalled and steps will be taken to build
up the organization by Professor M. A.
Jones, assistant grand master artisan,
who has been specially deputized by
the supreme office to look after this
subordinate.
Assembly No. 20 held a meeting last
week under the supervision of Assist
ant Grand Master Jennie McE. Gal
breath in Red Men's building, and in
addition to receiving several candidates
and Initiating them there was a social
hour for the entertainment of the mem
bers. • ;
United Artisans.
Up to July 22 thirteen assemblies of
this new order .had been organized,
with an aggregate membership of 614
in good standing.
The members of the Union in this
city and, those across the bay. are ar
ranging for an outing and picnic in the
near future.
San Francisco Assembly had seven
applications for membership at its last
meeting.
The entertainment given by San Fran
cisco Assembly No. 1, Lincoln Annuity
Union, in the latter part of July
In the Odd Fellows' building was a
success, and one of the very best* that
this association has ever given. There
was a large attendance of members
and guests. The programme was made
up of ueven numbers,' exclusive of a
short address by Supreme President
Ernest Duden and an address by Su
preme Medical Director Dr. William C.
Hassler, consisting of instrumental and
vocal selections, quartets, recitations
and duets, contributed by Julian Let
rodec, Fred English, Elizabeth Wilson
Wheeler, Miss Annie Gill, Dr. and Mrs.
J. A. Kuykendall, Victor Anderson,
Mrs. Bertha Duden Prentiss and Wil
liam Dahl. After the programme re
freshments were served and then danc
ing followed.
Lincoln Assembly No. 3 had a very
successful whist» party and social July
26.
Lincoln Annuity Union.
One of the local associations that has
recently sprung into prominence is the
Ladies' Auxiliary to Nelson A. Miles
Camp of the Associated Spanish War
Veterans, and which has- been named
Addie L. Ballou Auxiliary, for Mrs.
Ballou, who is the president of the Na
tional Association of . Grand Army
Nurses. Mrs. Lizzie Curson is the pres
ident, Mrs. Anna C. King first vice
president and Mrs. Elizabeth A. Bean
the mustering officer. George C. King,
commander of the camp named, has
been an active worker for the building
up of this new organization.
Mrs. Ballou, who Is an active worker
for the auxiliary, left this city last
week for Boston to preside at the ses
sion of the National Association of
Grand Army Nurses.
War Veterans.
Captain Gleeson and T. H. Sellers of
Awashte Tribe, E. C. Stock of Altahmos
Tribe and several members of White
Eagle Tribe.
in profusion, and there was a large
attendance of members and visitors.
At each visit there were addresses by
the head of the order and other grand
officers, as well as by prominent mem
bers of the organization. At Robin
Hood there was presented to the grand
chief as a souvenir of the occasion a
silver-backed hat brush, then a silver
backed brush was presented to P. H.
Coyle, deputy for the circle, and a
beautifully decorated nut dish to Mrs.
Lizzie Atwood, the supreme sub-chief
companion. In Blaine Circle the grand
chief was presented as a token of es
teem a fine crystal dish, and Mrs. C.
Tucker the grand sub-chief, was pre
sented with a big bunch of carnations.
Each circle closed with the serving of
a collation and ice cream.
A new circle of the order called
Osceola was instituted in this city last
week. It was organized by Mrs. Sarah
Beverson. \ .
On the evening of the last Friday
In July Ladies' Auxiliary No. 6 and
Lincoln Camp of the Sons of Veterans
gave a reception in their meeting place
in the Alcazar building to the veterans
of the Civil War and to friends. There
was a large attendance, which was de
lightfully entertained with a pleasing
programme of varied numbers, con
tributed by Dr. Kouhnisan, Nellie
Bowen, J. Mclntyre, M. J. Orr, Agnes
Connolly, M. Bone, F. D. Wolfrom,
Esther Connolly and 21. Reed. After
the entertainment there was an ad
journment to an adjoining hall, where
an old-time campfire supper was
served. The affair was carried out to
a successful termination under the
auspices of F. D. Wolfrom, B. A. Mc-
Coy, M. J. Orr, Mrs. F. D. Wolfromr
Mrs. Harriett McCoy, Mrs. M. L.
Bowker, Esther Connolly and Mrs.
Bowen.
Sons of Veterans.
LEADERS IN FRATERNAL "ASSOCIATIONS.
State Organizer Davis recently re
turned from the lower country and
states that the recent log-rolling by
the Modern Woodmen of America at
the picnic held at Santa Monica was
attended by more than 3500 people, and
that it was one of the most enthusias
tic gatherings of the order held in that
portion of the State. Head Consul Tal
bot and the State organizer each ad
dressed the meeting. During the day
there was a drill by the teams of
Golden State and Pacific tents, in
which the last named lost the honors
for the first time in many years, Golden
Gate's team outpointing it. During the
evening there was a grand ball.
In June of next»year the two teams
named will attend the head camp ses
sion in Milwaukee in uniform.
The reports for June show that Cali
fornia led all of the thirty-seven
State organizations, and that Deputy
Herbert V. Reese stood first of all the
deputies for having done good work
in that month.
Arrangements are being made for a
big log-rolling in Idora Park, Oakland,
September 9. All the camps in the bay
counties will take part. )
Dr. R. Emory Peck will be a candi
date for the office of head physician at
the next session of the State conven
tion.
Occidental Camp gave an entertain
ment and dance on the second Thurs
day in August.
Some time since the head officers in
this city were desirous of securing Ea
gle's Hall in which to hold a meeting
to greet Head Consul Talbot. Gabrielle
Parlor of the Native Daughters had
the hall for that night and intended to
have installation of officers, but in -a
spirit of fraternity postponed the cere
mony for two weeks and transacted its
business in a smaller hall. The Mod
ern Woodmen acknowledged the cour
tesy by sending a neat letter and a
basket of flowers on the night of the
Installation.
Modern Woodmen.
San Francisco Lodge of the Fratern
al Brotherhood has secured quarters
in the Eagles' Hall. It celebrated it3
removal by a basket social last week.
On the evening of August 11 General
Joubert, late of the Boer army, deliv
• ered an Illustrated lecture before the
lodge and Mrs. Thornward, late from
Paris. France, entertained with vocal
selections.
After a review of the full returns In
the membership contest between Co
lumbia and Mission lodges, Mission
conceded that while there might have
been some technical objection to the
manner in which Columbia made its
extraordinary gain on the last night
of the contest, it would, in view that
the matter had resulted In a good gain
for the order, waive all technicalities
and pay for the supper to the members
of Columbia, the winner. The supper
was partaken, of by about 200 persons,
and it was a delightful affair.
Maple Leaf Lodge of Oakland had a
yvery pleasant open meeting last week.
There was a good attendance and ft
good programme of entertainment.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
The new order known as the Ameri
cans has established branch headquar
ters In the Douglass block in Los An
geles. Recently a new assembly was
instituted in that city by the local or
ganizer and during the same period
there was instituted a new assembly
in San Jose and one in Guerneville by
Director General H. C. Lewis.
Assembly No. 1 of this city has or
ganized a drill team, with A. D. Hol
llngsworth as captain. This assembly
has been initiating candidates at each
meeting during the past three weeks.
Assembly No. 2 in Oakland Is re
ported as making good progress social
ly as well as numerically. The order
has already attracted such attention in
the city of the oaks that the founda
tion has been laid for a second lodge.
A new assembly is also being organized
at Lorin.
The first dance given by Washington
Assembly No. 3 of the Americans in
the Ruby Hall of the Red Men's build-
Ing on the fourth Friday in July was
a very pleasant affair that was at
tended by quite a large number of peo
ple, who, in addition to listening to an
address by Chairman Little and one
by Director General H. C. Lewis, en
joyed a long programme of dances.
This function was under the direction
of F. L. O'Riley, G. H. McCallura and
Miss Anna Hauser.
The Americans.
Golden Gate Commandery No. 16.
Knights Templar, at its meeting on the
first Monday in August, balloted on
the applications of six compaions seek
ing admission into the commandery.
On the following Saturday there waa
work in the conferring of the Illustri
ous Order of the Red Cross. The Order
of the Temple was conferred August
8. Two petitions will be acted on on
the 15th, on the 22d, and on the 29th
the Order of the Temple will be con
ferred. The drill team of this com
mandery will, during the current
month, drill every Friday night. The
commandery announces with regret the
death of Sir Henry Smith Crocker, who
affiliated as a charter member In 1SS1.
Knights Templar.
At , the second meeting in July of
the local lodge of the Royal Achete3
in this city held in Pythian Castle
there was a good attendance of mem
bers and as it was social night but lit
tle business was transacted. After the
session there was presented for the
entertainment of the members vocal
selections by Miss Wescott, accom
panied by Mrs. McKee; select readings
by Professor W. N. Dingle, LL.D.M.
and R. J. G*. F., and then progressive
whist, after which there was an hour
of dancing and the serving of an ex
cellent collation.
George W. Collins, who was the gen
eral organizer almost since the intro
duction of the order on this coast, died
suddenly recently in San Jose. Mrs.
Sadie Lee Wright, at one time a mem
ber of the supreme body of the order,
has been appointed to succeed him,
with the title of deputy supreme presi
dent. This lady has three lodges in
process of formation and will soon have
them ready for institution.
Royal Achetes.
Within the past ten days Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Mary Thoman paid
an official visit to Robin Hood Circle
and James O. Blalne Circle in this
city. At each place she was cordially
received and each circle had candi
dates to initiate. Each circle room was
prettily decorated, there being flowers
Thomas EL Webb, a prominent mem
ber of Court Charter Oak of the F. of
A-, also a companion of New Century
Circle, and Harriett Christerson of the
came circle have become companions
for life, having 1 recently married. Last
week as they entered the circle room
for the first time after the wedding
they were congratulated by the many
present and then treated to a ehower
of rice.
The Companions of the Forest of
America will have a day and night at
the Chutes on September 28.
All arrangements have been com
pleted for the monster initiation by the
local courts of the American Foresters
in Golden Gate Hall, August 15, in cel
ebration of Foresters' day.
On the evening of the third Thursday
in July the members of Golden Era
Circle, C. F. of A., paid a surprise visit
to Past Chief Companion Frances
Aaron, at her home 265 Locust avenue,
to bid her farewell on the eve of her
departure for Seattle. During the
evening Past Chief Companion Mo.
Levy in behalf of the circle presented
to Miss Aaron a beautiful signet ring
in appreciation of her faithful services
as an officer of the circle. This waa
followed by music, songs, dancing: and
a repast.
Supreme Sub-Chief Companion Mrs.
Lizzie Atwood has planned a series of
visitations to all the local circles of
the Companions of the Forest of
America. The first of these she paid
to Lawton Circle on the third Wednes
day in July. She was accompanied by
Grand Organist Rebekah Kemp Van
Ee. During the evening the principal
visitor delivered a very interesting ad
dress.
A movement has been started for
the purpose of securing funds to be
used at the next session of the Su
preme Circle for the purpose of hav
ing the California delegates appear in
the light of liberal entertainers. An
organization was effected for that pur
pose by the election of Mrs. I*. At
wood, S. S. C. C, as chairman; Mrs.
M. A. Duke, P. G. C. C, vice chair
man; John J. Cordy, D. S. C. C, treas
urer, and Mary Lemme, P. C. C, .sec
retary- These officers and seven mem
bers of the order were named as an
executive committee to prepare a plan.
The seven are Companions Label,
Worms, Cartwrlght, Kemp Van Ee,
Stevens, Stock and WeiseL All dep
uty chief companions were created
honorary members of the general com
mittee.
The "haymakers' party" given by
Excelsior Circle in the latter part of
July in the Social Hall of the Alcazar
building was a great success as to at
tendance, effect of the participants in
appearing in farm costumes and pro
gramme of dances. : -.;V
Robin Hood Circle on the last Friday
in July had a tamale party in the
social hall of the Alcazar. There was
a good attendance and an enjoyable
time for those who are fond of tamales
and dancing.
New Century Circle was visited last
week by Supreme Sub-Chief Compan
ion Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, who delivered
an Interesting address on the necessity
of more activity in the order to the end
that the other jurisdictions shall not
excel California.
During the month of July the Order
of Pendo had 120 more initiations than
during the same month last year. One
hundred and two were Initiated in Loa
Angeles aJone.
Reports of encouraging .work have
been received during the past month
from the S.in Joaquin Valley.
New councils have been instituted at
Los Angeles, at Lacenter, Ruby and
Burnaston, Wash., at Shlngletown,
Cal., and Anlauf, Or.
Home Council of this city at its last
meeting initiated nine candidates and
at the next meeting eleven more will
be initiated. The council had a party
during the latter part of July, which
was well attended, and It proved a de
lightful affair.
Order of Pendo.
lielmonl. O. F. Wedemeyer and Thomas
Thornton, supreme Justices; Dr. E. N.
Torrello, medical examiner; Emil Pohli.
counsel; H. Glanotl, treasurer, and
John L. Pollto, secretary. The sub
ordinate bodies are called dianaa. and
each member is called a Cadmus. Diana
No. 1 has been instituted in thi3 city
and the foundation has been laid for
others in adjacent cities. The local
subordinate has taken quarters In the
Druids' Temple.
the chairman of the entertainment
committee. Sir Knight J. C. Sharp was
the chairman of the evening. The fol
lowing were the numbers presented:
Miss Parrott, recitation; Mr. Her
mance, song; Mr. Bauer, stories; Miss
Gartto, violin solo; Miss Marguerite
Coonan, fancy dance; R. Cederbloom,
monologue; Sir Knight O. C. Pratt, ad
dress; Misses Hegarty, fancy dances;
Mr. Delson, impersonations; R. E. Con
nolly, song; Filipino Mandolin Club,
selections; George Weiss, song; Mr.
Wentworth, song; Mr. Jellison, comi
calities; William Plrrle, coon songs.
Mrs. J. Gardner acted as accompanist.
During the evening the members and
their friends were treated to a collation
and refreshments.
The following have been installed as
the officers of Pacific Tent of the
Knights of the Maccabees for the cur
rent term by Past Commander Ad.
Traube: J. M. Carlson, past com
mander; A. D. Albert!, commander; H.
F. Laumelster, lieutenant commander;
P. Lewis, record keeper; T. D. Davis,
finance keeper; F. Arnold, chaplain; H.
F. Bonnallle, sergeant; H. A. Blattler
and E. Clair, masters of the guard: J.
Roberts, sentinel and Ad. Traube,
picket. The past consul commander
was presented a beautiful emblematic
badge in recognition of his services for
the tent. - '; ¦
a charter member of the court, a lib
eral minded man, who, while active in
church work, saw a great deal of prac
tical Christianity in the operation of a
well ordered fraternal society, on who
was willing at all times to give the
best of his time and ability to the An
cient Order of Foresters and other fra
ternal associations In which he held
his membership.
A few evenings ago the ladies of the
Grand Circle of the Companions of the
Forest had a delightful supper at a
downtown rotisserle. There were
about" thirty present, and M. Boehm,
P. S. G. C. C, was the toastmaster.
There were addresses by a number of
those present and all had an evening
of pleasure.
Mrs. T. Castle of Stockton was re
cently tendered a reception by the
members of the circle in that city, in
which she holds her membership, in
appreciation of the- fact that at the
last held session of the Grand Circle
she was elected to the office of grand
supreme sub-chief companion, a posi
tion which carries with it the office
next year of head of the order. This
lady, who has proved a very earnest,
energetic worker for the order, was
congratulated upon her promotion, and
the hope was expressed that nothing
shall prevent her further advancement.
The formal reception was followed by
a pleasant social hour and the dis
pensation of the circle's hospitality.
In the latter part of July Mrs. Jen
nie Berger, S. G. C. C, accompanied by
Mrs. L. Scheuren, G. T., visted Valley
Circle In Stockton and assisted at the
installation of the new oiticers. At the
close of the meeting the visiting offi
cials were guests of honor at a ban
quet
There was an official visit to Windsor
Circle on August 8, Trenton Circle on
the 9th, and one will be made to
Laurel Circle at Benlcia on the 19th,
Pinole Circle on the 25th and Ivy Circle
at Cordelia on the 26th.
Reports from the various circles re
ceived by Mae Falconer, S. G. S., show
that during the past quarter the va
rious circles have been making a cred
itable gain.
Sherwood Circle had a pleasant danc
ing party in the Alcazar building on
the first Saturday in August.
District Deputy Olaf Jensen installed
the following officers for Loyal Califor
nia i Lodge for the current term: H.
Brown, G. M.: A. Bennett, N. G.; T.
Thornhill. V. G.; C. Willlston, P. S.; P.
J. O'Keefe, R. S.: Thomas Goddard, C;
E. Jones, W.; W. Jacobson, I. G.
The following named have been in
stalled by District Deputy M. Wopeli
as officers of Loyal Roma Lodge: Frank
Foppiano, G. M.; P. Settrini. N. G.:
B. Bricca, "V. G.; Joseph Froni, P. S.; E.
Mendoza, R. S.; G. Seonl. C; E. Bed
rotta, I. G. This lodge is but five
months old, yet under the direction of
Grand Master Foppiano has made good
progress.
Loyal Golden Gate Lodge at its first
meeting In August initiated two
strangers and received two applica
tions.
Stasl, permanent secretary: F. Bputan,
elective secretary; A. Suacl. warden;
L. Armanino and S. Demartinl. iruards.
Frank Marini, D. D. G. M.. and
Thomas Miller, P. D. G. M.. installed
the following named as the officers of
Loyal Mission Lodge for this term: F.
C. West. G. M.; F. Lyle. N. G.; F.
Brinkman, V. G.; J. S. Currle. E. S.:
W. L. Curtis, W.; J. G. Wolf smith. I.
G.; S. S. Nofeney, O. G.; H. H. Runyon.
L. M.; Ed Farrell. P. S. i*"i?.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, . AUGUST 14, 1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18William Redmond, M. P., loves to
tell how he once refused a crown. It
was during his youth, when traveling
for snort in Africa, he fell Into the
hands of King Ja Ja, who took such a
fancy to him that he offered to maks
"Willie" Redmond his Prim* Minister
and heir apparent.
Passing of Historic Oaks.
Our historic oaks are, with every
great storm, diminished in number.
Dumorey's oak. In Dorsetshire, 200O
years old. disappeared from this causa
in 1703. Wallace's oak. at Ellerslle, waa
700 years old when it was blown down
some fifty years ago. We have still.
however, the Cawthorpe oalc. near
Wetherby, in Yorkshire, estimated to
be over 160O years old. and "William the
Conqueror's oak. In Windsor Great
Park, has attained the ripe age of 1200
years. Perhaps the finest oaks of great
antiquity In the land are to be found
In the dukeries. About half a mile
from Welbeck Abbey Is Greendale oak.
credited with 1300 summers and now a
mere ruin sustained by props. Through
its hollow interior a coach and four has
been driven.— London Chronicle.
Butcher Cuts Off His Lejr.
GENOA, Aug. 13.^-Carlo Nerri, «
young butcher of this place, havtnj
contracted a disease of the leg which)
baffled the doctors, became frightened
at the appearance of blood poisoning
marks, locked himself in his room and
tying a handkerchief tinder his leneo
with a sharp knife severed tha lower
part of his limb, taking core to stoa
the flow of blood from the arteries.
A surgeon who was summoned fount!
that the operation had been well per-*
formed, and the young man is rapidly,
recovering.
GOOD FARE PROMISED
BY MEN WHO PRODUCE
LOCAL THEATER BILLS
"Joseph Entangled," the new Henry
Arthur Jones comedy, produced so
successfully by Henry Miller last Mon
day evening at the Columbia Theater,
will enter to-morrow evening upon its
second and last week here. The piece
is to be numbered among the most
pronounced of the Miller successes. It
Is consistently diverting and has been
unanimously enjoyed by the large au
diences that have seen it. Mr. Miller
himself has an excellent part and is
capitally supported throughout the
cast, that includes Hilda Spong.
• • •
As Pete Quilliam. in "The Manx
man," White Whittlesey has a part
that will perhaps be best liked by
those of his admirers to whom his
romantic phase least appeals. Mr.
Whittlesey gives a virile and convinc
ing characterization. The piece goes
on at the Alcazar to-morrow evening.
? • *
At the Grand Opera-house James
Neill and his company will revive the
favorite comedy, "The Lottery or
Love."
• • • ,
Theodore Kremer's melodrama, "For
Her Children's Sake," a "stupendous"
New York success, will wave at the
Central this week. A new leading lady,
Miss Ethel Clifton, gorgeously herald
ed, will make her debut therein.
• * *
The California puts on "Just Before
Dawn" this afternoon.
The local summer engagement of
Miss Florence Roberts will begin at
this theater In two weeks.
* • * *
"The Toreador" is running most
successfully at the Tivoli. Forest
Dandy Carr comes to take the place of
John Dunsmure, who is due in New
York.
» • •
"The Whirl of the Town" continues
at Fischer's.
? • *
Emmett Devoy and his company of
comedians, including Miss Hermine
Shone, will make their first appear
ance In San Francisco at the Orpheum
Queen Delighted With Auto.
THE HAGUE, Aug. 13.— Queen WU
helmina and the Prince Consort rnado
their first automobile trip this week,
The Queen wore a white cloak and tha
Prince a military uniform. M. Verweg,
the owner, steered. Three other auto
mobiles were in attendance. Their des
tination was the church, where one of
the Queen's former ladles in waiting
was married. The return journey was
made in another car. a twenty-four
horsepower, four-cylinder machine, and
a high speed was attained over the good
roads. The Queen was delighted witij
her new experience.
PROMINENT PLAYERS
PREPARE FOR COMING
YEAR OF HARD WORK
E. H. Sothern and Julia Marlowe
make their first joint appearance in
"Romeo and Juliet" at the Illinois
Theater in Chicago on September 19.
• • *
Mrs. Patrick Campbell opens her
next American season at the Herald
Square Theater, New York, on Octo
ber 3.
• • •
Virginia Harned starts her season at
the opera-house in Cleveland on Octo
ber 3 In "Brother Jacques."
• • v •
Frederick Warde and Kathryn Kid
der begin their season in Wilkesbarre
on August 22. *
• • *
William Gillette starts at the Prin
cess Theater, in Toronto, on October 3.
• • *
Ethel Barrymore resumes at Powers
Theater, in Chicago, on September 5.
« • *
Mrs. Gilbert begins her career as a
star at the Br\>ad Street Theater in
Philadelphia in "Granny."
• • •
Maude Adams begins her tour in
"The Little Minister" at Norfolk, Va.,
on October 13.
• • • -/ *
Annie Russell is to open her season
in Buffalo at the Star Theater on Octo
ber 24.
¦ . ; * ¦'.; ,• • .. •
Ben Greet's company will open In
San Francisco at the Lyric Theater on
The Rogers Brothers begin at the
Star Theater, Buffalo, on Augut 29..
Blanche Walsh starts her season at
the Grand Opera-house in New York
on September 1-. ,
• k • ; •¦'<,• { ' : ~
After an absence of two seasons,
while winning new triumphs in the
East and in Europe, Sousa and his
band will make a tour of the Coast in
the early fall.
• • •
James T. Powers, who has not visited
San Francisco in a number of years,
is coming, with John C. Fisher's pro
duction of "San Toy." Powers will be
seen in the role he created, when the
musical success was first, brought out
in New York. George K. Fortescue,
also of the orieinal cast, will be seen
in the forthcoming production.
• • •
Kyrle Bellew has arrived in New
York from England. He has brought
his company together and. after a fer/
rehearsals, will' come direct to San
Francisco, completing arrangements
here for the opening of his second sea-
DISCUSS PLANS TO CROSS
THE OCEAN IN BALLOONS
British Aeronautical Society Considers
Plans of JIaklns Long
Aerial Trips. "
LONDON, Aug. 13.— Members of the
Aeronautical Society gravely discussed;
the possibilities of crossing the Atlantia
by balloon, while General Baden-
Powell sat in the chair and talked of
the value of kites in making meteoro
logical observations.
Charles Harding said Walter Powell.
M. P., who was killed in a balloon ac
cident in 1SS1, desired to cross the At
lantic from this side, but he himself
thought the wind was better the other
way.
Another member thought the notion
of starting from England should not bo
abandoned, but Mr. .Harding hoped
aeronauts would not risk their necks.
Albaugh's Mexican accent He owned
to having tried to strengthen it with
tamales. Pulque had also been recom
mended. Did I think It would improve
it? Honestly, what was my opinion?"
"I think it must be correct," I grant
ed, "because it is like Dorothy Donnel
ly's In 'A Soldier of Fortune.' "
Mr. Albaugh groaned and Miss May
laughed: "You should have seen
Grant—"
"Mr. Stewart?"
"H'm!" she nodded, and repeated,
"You should have seen Grant when we
were rehearsing-. Mr. Albaugh would
say desperately: 'How is this accent,
Grant?' Poor fellow, he'd been holding
up Portuguese and all sorts of people
for it. Grant would look wise"— Olive
May's attempt to "look wise" was the
funniest thing she did — "and say,
•That's all right, Jack.' " she was fin
gering a round chin and frowning In a
screamingly ponderous fashion.
I developed giggles myself. So would
you If you had eat opposite that in
carnate giggle. Her very hair seem3
to laugh. And I can answer for four
white wisdom teeth where the laugh
Fhould end— if it ever ended. Even Miss
May's prettiest of figures chirps the
same tale — "laugh and grow fat."
"Mr. Albaugh took the part at very
short notice?" I tried to say, but suc
ceeded only in snickering. "But haven't
I heard something about the gentle
man's life being saved by his engage
ment with you?"
"Really, yes," Mr. Albaugh Interpo
lated, "at least "
"But I know I did," Miss May cried,
with a childlike swagger.
"How did it happen?" I asked.
"I was at the club one day and Just
about to leave for Brooklyn," the un
grateful salvage related, "when, a
wildly hysterical note was brought to
me, running something like this: 'Dear
Mr. Albaugh — I need your assistance
Immediately and most dlrefully. Yours,
Olive May.' "
" 'Wildly hysterical/ Indeed!" Miss
Olive objected.
"I thought it was a Joke at first,"
the gentleman pursued, "and I hadn't
the least thought of going. Then I
thought it might be what it purported
to be and went. If I hadn't gone, I
should have been in a railway smash
up, in which there were twenjty-flve
people injured and one man killed.
And who knows?"
"There now," Miss May's tone be
spoke arcadian satisfaction. She looked
over at Mr. Albaugh— well, rather
nicely. He looked back at her— It wag
perhaps because his chair was lower
than hers that his up-Iook seemed —
well, .rather worshipful.
"But ho saved your life, too," I re
minded her.
"He! he! he! Yes!" the actress
owned. "We call ourselves the mutual
life saving company."
"What were you doing before?" I
asked Mr. Albaugh.
Miss May replied: "Oh. he was a very
big person. He's been a manager. And
he was acting in a playlet written by
himself. 'Trenton.' "
"Ah," I commented, and asked, "And
what did you manage, Mr. Albaugh?"
"My father's theaters in Washington
and Baltimore," the gentleman mod
estly put it.
"He had a stock company." Miss May
put in.
"And did you take part?"
"I played Juvenile leads," the actor
On Sunday last I saw "A Girl From
Kansas" at the Orpheum. That is
why I went to see Miss Olive May on
Monday — not to speak of hearing her.
I had fallen In love with her giggle,
with her laugh, with her superb cheer
fulness. I was besides not a little im
pressed by Miss May's spirited and
•rraceful comedy. It was the giggle
that held me by the ear, however,
•£uch a rich, sudden tinkle of so
prano honey! Again, such a young,
liny, ridiculously pretty pipe — like
ar lost but cheerful chick! I wanted
to see if behind the scenes life
for Miss May was one long, sweet gig
gle. Or, whether like the lugubrious
Ed Stevens, she would spare me three
pale smiles to a chat.
The curtain-raiser was promising. A
j>rompt "Come in," answered my
knock at the May door and a sudden
picture of round, rosy cheeks, laugh-
Ing blue eyes, and sunny hair flashed
on me as I opened It. The not tall.
clean-cut, dark person, who seemed
to be doing a bit of amateur car
pentering at the Hay trunk, I recog
nized as Mr. Albaugh. who makes love
to Miss May In the play. In the play,
you know, the Kansas girl promises
the adoring Mexican a "square meal"
when he asks for her hand — he has
been the innocent cause of depriving
her cf a much desired breakfast. Out
of it — well, I shouldn't wonder if one
of Mr. Albaugh's preferences was for
olives!" Mine is.
"So glad you liked our little play
last night," Miss May beamed, and
Mr. Albaugh echoed. He is "John
W." besides.
. "I did like It thoroughly," I agreed.
"I liked its novelty. Its brightness — -
and very much its acting."
•'•"Oh, thank you!" ah! there was the
giggle. "Don't go, Jack .'
"No, don't go, Mr. Albaugh," I re
quested. "Stay and talk." 1 think he
didn't want to go. I think he prob
ably likes the May giggle quite half
as well as I do. Besides, I liked Mr.
Albaugh. I liked the quiet, dark,
strong face, the gentle and " unob
trusive manner. And Mr. Albaugh
elected to "stay and talk."
I asked the photographer to "take"
him as well as Miss May. Mr. Albaugh
''wished the photographer would 'take*
his cold."
"He's had one ever since we came
here," Miss May said, seating herself
against a sage green wall that immedi
ately became a noble background. "Is
It always like this here — so cold and
foggy?"
"No, indeed," I said. "In August,
now — ***
. "But this Is August:" gurgled the
lady.
"So it is," I owned, "I meant Sep
tember."
"We haven't been anywhere at all
yet." the actress began with a pout and
ended up with a giggle. "Hold still?"
(this to the photographer.) "Long time
between grins." the laughed, as he re
leased her after a four-second ex
jKisure.
"Where ought one to go?" Mr. Al
baugh asked; "I'm not going to let this
cold keep me In any longer."
"Really, Jack!" Miss May caroled.
I enumerated glibly: "The Cliff
House. Chinatown, Golden Gate Park,'
.etc., etc." ending up by recommending
that excellent Bohemian, Matias, as
host for their desired Mexican dinner.
. We came to Matias by way of Mr.
i COMEDIENNE WHO CHARMED THE ORPHEUMITES. \
son In "Raffles, the Aamateur Cracks
man."
• • •
Fannie Francesca sails for America
on Saturday of this week. She stops
over at London and New York a few
days each before coming to her native
city. The singer has been away for
over ten years.
thanked for the stage tactics, person
ally contributes clothes and a manner.
Kate Condon and Dora de Fillippe
take admirable care of the feminine
singing, Mary Young and Carrie Rey
nolds being unimportantly vocal. Kate
Condon, too, adds a fine. Carmen-like
Spanish damsel to the picture, and Dora
de Fillippe a chic and comical figure as
a girl In man's disguise, while Bessie
Tanneh^ll as a smart widow must not
be forgotten. The chorus is un
reservedly to be praised. In fact, the
only thing lacking anywhere is with
Mr. Steindorff. I hoped he'd find it out.
For one delightful moment I thought
he had. But they were, alas, another's!
I could almost have cried when I saw
the same old, plump, pink, fatherland
er hands brooding over that patrician
performance. Where are they, Mr.
Steindorff — the suave, snowy, honorif
ic white kids of a Frank Pallma?
| 'ACTOR-MANAGER WHO SCORES IN VAUDEVILLE. \
replied. "Then I played In 'Colorado'—
between us we've covered lots of terrl-
tory — eh?"
The lady nodded.
"?" from me.
"I was the original Bonita in 'Ari
zona,' " Miss May replied. "That was
the longest part I ever played. Played
It In London, too. by the way."
Which reminds me that there is much
"by the way" with Miss May. She was
Invited to shake the royal fists of King
Edward and the English Queen, be
cause their owners were so pleased
with her Bonita. She is the daughter
of Colonel May— by the way— and sis
ter, cousin, niece and granddaughter of
a whole regiment of statesmen and
such. Her Mays came over — NOT in
the Mayflower, but round about 1640,
and were all "rattling good Americans."
She didn't tell me this during the talk.
She wears neither her dramatic nor
other accomplishments on her sleeve.
It was in an aside after I went In to
see "A Girl From Kansas" for a second
time that they bobbed up carelessly.
And, by the way, as Miss May would
say, "A Girl From Kansas" bears sec
ond seeing better than most.
Then to Miss May's "Arizona" Mr.
Albaugh began to add other territory
covered by the "team."
" 'Arizona,' 'Colorado'— both Gus
Thomas plays, curious coincidence— and
now 'A Girl From Kansas,' with Its
scene in Mexico," quoth he. "what's the
matter with us for wild Westerners ?"
" 'Colorado' Is the play in which the
whole cast and part of the audience
gets shot, isn't it?" I asked.
"No they don't," said the actor. "We
were talking about that only the other
day, weren't we?"
The other half of "we" smiled af
firmation.
"There are really only two shots fired
in the plav," the actor protested, "but
the cartoonists had the dead all over
the shop."
"And you played 'Arizona' in Lon
don?" I turned back the talk a page or
two. "Did you like Londou?"
"Wouldn't want to live there," Miss
May owned.
"Yet they are very kind if they once
like you—"
"And that's where New York isn't,"
the actress sighed. "You have to make
a hit with every part — "
"Still, artistically, that is perhaps
better—"
"No, it Isn't," Miss May contradicted,
still serious. "One may get a bad part,
you know." '
She supplemented then: "You may
find — for you simply cannot tell un
til you try it on the public — that ' you
are conveying an almost exactly oppo
site, or" — a thoughtful moment — "a
quite different impression from the one
you "believe yourself to be conveying."
"In which case?"
"In which case," Miss May cheer
fully decided, "you simply have to
change the whole thing — the public is
the only final appeal."
Mr. Albaugh continued it: "You
wouldn't like the sort of surprises in
volved In our work. You often get a
howl where you expect a tear."
"Have you?" I insinuated.
"Haven't you?" he retorted.
Somehow then I became aware of
the identity of the book upon which
I was scribbling. " 'Plutarch's Lives,' "
I cried, holding It up.
"Oh yes!" Miss May giggled, her
big blue eyes looking as if they had
never scanned anything heavier than
"The Duchess." "I got that the other
day for 25 cents. Wasn't It a bargain?"
"What did you buy it for?" I de
manded.
"Anything to fill up the trunk*?,"
she laughed and spread her cheerful
hands.
And then under the table I spied
"Marcus Aurelius." I looked accus
ingly at the lady.
"Oh, I don't sleep very well," she
explained, "and I have to dip into
one of those dull old persons like
Eplctetus to quiet my seething brain."
"Oh!" I commented, but I took In
while I was about it the delicate
aquiline of the May no»~ and a mighty
IX MUSIC OFFERINGS
PRESENT AND COMING
THERE IS MUCH CHARM
One hears with pleasure the news of
Beatrice Bronte's (Beatrice MIchelena,
and wherefore Bronte, O Bee!) latest
engagement as Peggy In "Peggy from
Paris." Miss Bronte is the excellently
pretty and clever daughter of Fernando
Michelena, and made a successful ap
pearance here recently in that odd
Smith and Company musical melange,
"A Girl From Dixie." She begins her
season early in September, and may
be heard here during its course.
The caste Includes also another Cali
fornia girl, Grace Orr Myers, the
daughter of the only Annie. Miss My
ers r who has been singing Alice Niel
sen roles In "The Fortune Teller" and
other operas, will have the part of
Lutie Plummer in the George- Ade
piece.
• • • *
Talking of the Henry W. Savage pro
ductions ,of which "Peggy From Baris"
is one, reminds of a significant note I
lately received, concerning the Savage
grand opera season In Pittsburg. Pitts
burg has recently had two weeks of
the Savage opera, including produc
tions of "Lohengrin," "Tannhauser,"
"Carmen," "Otello," "II Trovatore" and,
"Bohemian Girl." The point is this,
however, that Pittsburg then heard
the "Otello" for the first time.
How long is It, Tivoleans, since that
old -master, Salassa, first rolled out the
"Credo?" Long enough and often
enough for its seductive chromatics to
come to the tongue almost as easily
as "La Donna e Mobile." Yet a
few weeks ago only Pittsburgh with it3
Victor Herbert, its symphony orches
tra, its nearness to the musical base
of supplies, was. listenng to explana
tory "Otello" lectures by the local
Walter Damrosch, Bradford Mills, on
the occasion of the opera's first pre
sentation there.
It is facts of this kind that bring
home to one the value of the Tlvoll to
the community. Not only "Otello," but
operas like the Boito "Meflstofele"; the
new masterworks, such as "La Tosca,"
"Andre Chenler," "Zaza"; the rarer old
operas, like "Ea Sonnambula," "Lucre
zia Borgia," "Don Pasquale" and prac
tically the whole of the routine Italian
repertoire, have been familiarized for
us by the Tivoli, and in some startling
ly good performances. One is very cu
rious to hear Mr. Savage's English
grand opera company. With that of
New Orleans there will be found no
more sympathetic audience than the
local one in all America* if the company
be found worthy. They are to come
here next February.
"Parsifal," by the way, is to be one of
the offerings. The list of names of the
artists who are to expound "Parsifal" in
English for us will be found suggestive.
The English of It seems to stop with
singular abruptness at the cast. \ Still,
Mr. Savage claims only to give "opera
in English," not yet American opera,
sung by Americans in English. The list,
a very promising one from the vocal
side of the performance, Includes, how
ever, yet another Californlan in Put
nam Griswold, now a noble Frank
forter at the opera-house there. The
whole cast, by the way, is now engaged
in absorbing "Parsifal" at Bayreuth
and will take in the whole half-dozen
performances of the opera. Here are
the people: Alois Pennarini, the prin
cipal tenor of the Stadt Theater in
Hamburg; Christian de Vose of the
Netherlands Royal Opera, Amsterdam;
Hanna Mara of . the Stadt Theater,
Breslau; Johannes BischofC of the
Stadt Theater. Cologne; Putnam
Griswold of the Frankfort Opera
house, Franz Egenieff of the
Theater des Westens, Florence Wick-'
ham of the Royal Conservatory of Mu
sic, Francis MacClennan of the Moody-
Manners Opera Company and the two
conductors, Walter H. Rothwell and
Moritz Grimm. Mme. Kirkby Lunn,
who has just closed her season at the
Royal Opera, Covent Garden, London,
has been detained in England by im
portant concert engagements, but she
will join her colleagues "at Bayreuth in
time to hear the last two performances
of "Parsifal."
To return to the Tivoli for a moment.
As regards the week's "Toreador." Per
haps "The Toreador" counts little
musically, but its production, as well
as that of the preceding "Robin Hood."
marks a new era in Tivoli history. Fun
you could always count on in the Tivoli
comic opera, spirit, originality. But,
generally speaking, it was comic opera
In .its shirt sleeves, with a short pipe
and a pot of beer in front of It. Only
those that have seen the last named
productions will understand the ad
vance that has been made. Nothing
smarter than "The Toreador" has been
seen here. Its scenery is glitteringly
fresh. Its chorus gowning and girling
are as spick and span as youth, money
and good taste can make 'em. The
stage management has simply chuted
into excellence. A completer contrast to
the happy-go-lucky, go-it-alone, any
thing-goes sort of drill of the old re
grime cannot be imagined. Things move
with all the polish, pomp and circum
stance of a comic opera "Durbar." The
orchestra, is as good as it always was,
with the best comic opera leader in the
country behind it. The cast — well, we
have had good casts in plenty at the
Tivoli, but this one and the last have
added style, wads of It, to ability. In
fact, one feels that only one's best
frock can do Justice to the new Tivoli
first nights.
"The Toreador" should be seen — not
simply for its style. The piece has
been greatly improved since its open-
Ing, by the, way. The second act moves
now as swiftly as the first. There Is to
see Teddy Webb as an English "tiger"
in one of the cleverest bits of character
work seen on the local stage. Willard
Sims has another as a haw-haw Eng
lish milord. John J. Kennedy con
tributes a capital grotesque as an ani
mal trainer. John Dunsmure con
tributes a splendiferously musical and
picturesque toreador. Melville Ellis,
who with i Ferris Hartman is - to > be
this afternoon. The rest of the bill
promises well.
Four new acts will hold the board
at the Chutes this coming week
and the entire programme will
be one of the best ever offered at this
popular place of amusement.
broad brow that hides under her sun
ny mop of hair.
Then I ventured: "Are your politteal
opinions like those of the 'girl from
Kansas'?" I scented new women and
all sorts of feminine depth under the
attractive May disguise.
"My political opinions," the suspect
ed one tinkled, "oh, they're just like
the girl's in the play — aren't they,
Jack?"
"She's a black Republican," testi
fied Mr. Albaugh.
"Never mind," I said meaningly.
"But you may tell me now what you
have done in the dramatic arena,
stock or "
"No, I've never been in stock — at
least, only in the Empire and Lyceum,
companies, and the plays run there
generally for a whole season."
"I've told her that a stock experi
ence would be useful to her," the ac
tor advanced, looking at her with fra
ternal pride.
"I don't know — " Miss May threw
a lazy, round arm over the end of the
lounge and contrived to look even
more gracefully comfortable than she
had been looking ' all the afternoon,
"I don't know that I'm so keen for
work as all that."
"What have you done that you liked
particularly?" I asked. /
"I'm fond of Bonita — comedy, of
course, is my forte, that sort. I was
almost coming here with John Drew
and Maude Adams In 'The Butterflies,'
by the way. That is another play I'm
very fond of. He, he, he! A Boston
man interviewed me when we were
playing it in Boston. We Just talked —
as we're doing now— and I nearly col
lapsed when I saw the pageful of
pearls of wisdom that I'd spilled the
next day. Talk about La Rochefou
cauld's Maxims — "
"We didn't talk about La Rochefou
cauld's Maxims," I grinned. "I sus
pect you, Miss May, of being a miser
able bluestocking."
"Oh dear, oh dear!" she gurgled.
"How dreadful! Where was I? Oh,
yes, I used to be w'th Stuart Robson—
a splendid gentleman — and last season I
was with 'A Japanese Nightingale* and
'The Spenders.' There, that's the story
of my life."
I inquired: "How was 'A Japanese
Nightingale?' "
"It went finely so long as we papered
the house," the lady giggled lusciously
again.
"And you were to come here with
Maude Adams and John Drew?" I re
verted.
"And I'm eo sorry I didn't come —
you're all so kind. One has such fun,
too, with John Drew — "
"Fun! John Drew!"
"He's such a guyer — "
"Guyer!" I could say no more.
"Why, nothing made him happier
than to break me all up," Miss May
related, "and I could do nothing but
snort when he did it— like this," and
like another girl I know Miss May
snorted like an amused and musical
pony.
Immediately then I understood the
temptation of John Drew.
"And you think we're nice?"
"Every one has been bo kind," Miss
May said, "kind to our play and kind
to us. I'm so glad, too, for Mr. Stew
art's sake. You'll hear more of him,
some day."
"Shouldn't wonder," I said.
"Oh, and the fioSvers here," she.
"And the fine restaurants!" he.
"The roses — "
"The terrapin—"
"The gay crowds — " both.
"The cheapness of things — " both.
"I saw a man with an armful of
American Beauties the other day—"
she.
"Must have got reckless and blown
himself, in for at least $3," he.
"Oh. come and see us again when
you don't have to, won't you?" thus,
kindly, both.
"She's kinder pretty, ain't she?" said
my friend the elevator boy. He had
caught the backwash of that beatific
giggle. I knew the wretched diplomat
meant she was "a regular peach," but
I said only "kinder."
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU,; SUNDAY,, AUGUST, -14, 1904.
19And so the Stents are still wanderins
up and down the Atlantic Coast, drop
ping in at all the famous resorts. Bar
Harbor, where only the hallowed of
Boston may bathe in the green waters,
was the last place they tarried.
On Thursday night Mrs. Samuel
Buckbee entertained at dinner In her
own delightful style, the guests "of
honor being Miss Charlotte Ellinwocl
and Miss Katherine Dillon — the tw»
popular brides-to-be.
The ceremony will take place at the
bride's Sausalito home, Miss Mary
Langhorne the sole bridesmaid, and
Mrs. John Burke Murphy— Miss Jean
Nokes that was— will serve as matron
of honor.
Lieutenant Victor Blue and Mrs. Blue.
who are at the Cecil, are havinsr a very
merry time since their return from the
Orient.
ough, Miss Katherine Dillon. ill33
ailnnie Nash and Misa Ethel Cooper-
Miss Anna Sperry 's wedding wi'l bo
quietly celebrated.
The sorrow that has come to the C.
P. Robinson family through the un
timely passing of Mrs. Frederick
Innes— one of the most attractive
daughters of the household — who fell a
victim of appendicitis in a remote min
ing town of Idaho, has been felt by a
large coterie of loving friends. Nearly
a: week had passed before' the family
learned the details of ! the grief that
had overtaken them, when word "came
from the. stricken husband, who had
trav©?£d seventy-five miles to a tele
graph station.
The passing of Mrs. Innes has been
a particularly severe blow to her sis
ter, Ednah, the two having been fond
confreres, : possessing similar qualities
of mind and similar conceptions. , .
r Though neither of the girls received
gresslve-among the artists, writers and
other professional people— and those
among swiety folk who^are in sym
pathy with them.
Whether the snobby part of the
smart set— and there's no denying that
there are some insufferably vulgar
snobs in our smart set— will fraternize
with the people who are only clever
and well-bred remains to be seen.
And, by the way, the fiat has gone
forth that the Sequoia Club will not
be a comfortable roosting place for the
"club bore"— he distinctly isn't wanted.
Now arises the question. How are we
to know we are bores? : "However,^"Tl
suppose those of us who are in. have
escaped the classification— somehow.
And those on the waiting lift, and
there's. one as long as your arm, will
soon llnd out. As" to that waiting list,
the board of directors win act upon
tome of the names at its next meeting.
Close scrutiny has been and continues
to be exercised ia regard to the per
sonnel of the club, whose sole object
is to bring into pleasant intercourse
the people who do things— the pro-
men have. such a way of getting the
things they want, you know. Then
they' must have all the comforts of
home— a billiard room, a library and a
lounging room, even as cozy and se
ductive as those alluring nooks in the
Bohemian Club. And hark ye, men
folk— If ye feel the need of a feminine
smile, a mixed game of bridge, or the
sub rosa exchange of a little gossip, all
ye need do is to cross the hall. There
in the reception room will the men and
women meet on neutral ground.
I FOUR PROMINENT WOMEN OF THE SMART SET.
. Mrs. Eleanor Martin has returned
from her; visit v to the Walter Martins,
at Burlingame, where she. made things
lively for. the young people there-
.Miss Grace Baldwin has returned
from the strenuous -vacation of. the
Sierra Club. These excursions , ; into
the wilds .are growing in favor with
all thinking people, when the "house
habit" is relinquished for a few
weeks of the breath of the pines.
Mrs. and Miss Baldwin will visit in
Santa v Barbara, to be absent several
weeks.
Mrs. Frank Sullivan and her young
daughter Miss Alyce have been enjoy
ing the joys of life in the lovely old
town of Santa Barbara, -where the
picturesque past and the. kaleidoscope
present join hands in an, idyllic unity.
Here, as at Del Monte— both in the
shadows of the old missions— one
may enjoy gayety or quietude, antici
pation or reflection, for both spots
are hallowed by an historic past,
where one may, in thought, live over
again the elysian : days of . the Spanish
don.
On the 23d of next month Mrs. Al
fred Hunter Voorhies will leave for
St. Louis, there to represent the Al
bert Sidney Johnston Chapter of the
Daughters of the Confederacy in the
national convention.
Mrs. Voorhies will be accompanied
by her very good-looking son Grant
land, who, by the way, Is named for
the brother of 'Mrs. Voorhies, with
whom the travelers will visit while in
the exposition city.
Before returning home, Mrs. Voor
hies will visit her childhood', home, in
Georgia, and then- the home place of
Dr. Vocrhies. In Tennessee.
Of the famous hostesses that the
social conditions of the South gave to
the world, Mrs. -Voorhies is a type,
inheriting her exquisite bonhomie from
her cultivated father, Senator Bailey
of Georgia. '
Mrs. James Ward Keeney has long
been considered one of, the handsomest
matrons In smart society. And in spite
of a persistent retirement from gayety,
owing to the death of Dr. Keeney's
much-beloved mother, Mrs. William
Alvord, her presence has been assidu
ously sought at small affairs of close
friends.
Mrs. Keeney's lovely young daugh
ter, Mary, has just returned from a
long visit to relatives in New York,
where she had a merry time— and that
in spite of the fact that the bonny little
maid is scheduled not to come out for
at least two years.
She is at present visiting the Har
veys in San Mateo.
degrees from the University of Cali
fornia, they both won much -attention
during the special courses they pur
sued there. .'.;*: '*¦;;
Miss Jennie Blair, having fulfilled her
annual obligations to Bartlett, will
spend the greater part of August at
Del Monte. \.
• • • X
Merry war is on at Atascadero. Had
General Sherman seen this phase of.
warfare I'm sure he'd never have used
the warm words ascribed to him.
And, by the w-ay. speaking of Gen
eral Sherman, the reputation the. poor
old chap has acquired as a -faithless
lover is really astounding. Of course,
I am not bo guileless as not to recog
nize. the right of. people to invent fiction
for revenue— many of us pleading guilty
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr.
expect to be installed In their new
mansion by the beginning of next year
—Just when the social season Is in full
swing. This little matron— as clever
as she 1 is, pretty— will preside; In de
lightful fashion at her new home.
The wedding of Mips Edith Findloy
and George Gardiner will be celebrated
on Saturday, August 20. The wedfiinc:
will take place at Christ Church. Sau
salitoi and will be followed by a-re
ception at the home of the bride's
mother, Mrs. Thomas Findley. at
which only the more intimate friends
and relatives ' will " be present. • Mrs.
Harold Cloke and Mrs. Frank Findlev
will, be' the matrons of honor and Miss
Florence Gardiner, Miss Sallie May
nard and Miss Anna Sperry the brides
maids. : •'.- . .
Mrs. I. Lowenberg was hostess at a
luncheon given In the palm garden of
the Palace on Wednesday, the guest of
honor being Mrs. Frederick G. San-"
born, the charming president of the
Sorosis Club. Among the guests were
Mrs. B. H. McCalla, Mrs. Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, Mrs. Charles W. Slack. Mrs.
Ernest S. Simpson, Mrs. Reginald K.
Smith, Miss Hughes, Mrs. Abraham
Lincoln Brown, Mrs. Linda H: Bryan
and Mrs. Edwards.
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Tomllnson
are, having a delightful visit with Mrs.
Charles Mclntosh Keeney, who has
sorely missed her pretty daughter since
she became a Gothamite. Though the
smart set has not yet begun to take up
formal activities, many delightful lit
tle affairs have been given in honor
of the fair visitor and her husband—
who, by the way, has apparently been
forgiven for bearing away from San
Francisco one of her most popular
maids. They* will remain in the West
until October, going to Del Monte for
the golf tournament and the auto meet.
Mrs. Chandler Howard and her two
daughters left for Europe llist week,
after having been charmingly enter
tained by the Bowies of San Mateo.
abouts. And, by the way, a sort of
Puritanical sobriety has settled over
Burlingame of late — it is not itself at
all. The reason? Oh, satiety, per
haps.' And there maybe financial rea
sons, too.
Many there are who like to,specu
late on the pace that Mrs. Peter Mar
tin would have set had she remained
through the summer. Surely the
somber haze that hangs heavily over
the suburb would never have had a
chance to settle were the erstwhile
Newport beauty there.
Since assumins the dignities of a
matron — and its incipient joys— she has
been entertained much. Mrs. Powell Sr.
giving a\larse reception In her honor
and other family friends following close
to honor the young brida.
One of the daintiest brides of the
"CTty of Nod"— as General Woodruff
recently entitled Oakland— is Mrs. St.
It is said that after the Hlckmans\
return from their Eastern trip there'll
be some fun In that new ballroom.
In times of hibernating, such as
these, fun in prospect i* alluring. And.
after all, it's in anticipation that most
of our real pleasure lies.
? * • *
The Hickmans of Sausalito are mak
ing additions to their already attrac
tive home, a new feature of which will
figure largely In tha winter* gayety. of
the burs on the hill— a beautiful new
ballroom.
Mrs. E. C. Partridge. Miss Partridge.
Charle3 L. Partridge, Mr3. Louis Leh
man and Edison P. Lehman of Red
lands are at -the El Carmelo. Pacific
Grove. Likewise are Captain C. C.
Ctadtler of the Ninth Cavalry and Miss
Stadtler. both of whom have become
very fond of the little town by the
sea.
Miss May Perkins was hostess re
cently at a delightful dinner party at
Palm Knoll in honor of Admiral and
Mrs. William Henry Whiting. Among
the guests- Invited to meet Admiral
and Mrs. Whiting were Captain and
Mrs. Philip S. Brown, Lieutenant and
Mrs. Arthur J. Hepburn. Lieutenant
and Mrs. McMannis, Mr. and Mra.
George R. Perkins, Miss Madge James,
Miss Whltin?, Miss Pansy Perkins.
Captain Mackey Babb. Paymaster
Fred Perkins, Assistant Paymaster
Samuel Knowles and Milton Perkins.
, ...
« • •
The McDonald-Hamilton wedding ta
Santa Rosa on Thursday noon was an
affair of note, many friends soins up
from this city to attend It. It 1» said
that "Mabelton." the home of the bride,
was never so beautiful as In Its nup
tial dress. The Hamlltons will llv» la
this city
Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Glaacodt of
Oakland have arrived In London after
an extended tour on the Continent and
have planned to sail from Liverpool for
New York on August 17.
• • •
Miss Grace Spreckels. who Is an en
thusiastic mobiiist, goes down to tha
auto meet on the -5th, quite probably
going down in her own machine — which,
by the way, she handles with the dex
terity of a Parisian chauffeur.
Among those seen there last week
were Miss Lillie O'Connor. Mrs. Schmie
dell, the Nuttalls, Judge Sloss and Mrs.
Sloss, the Baschelders of Menlo Park
and Dr. and Mrs. Benepe of San Jose.
The latter, with Mrs. Gordon, came
down in their auto, reporting a delight
ful trip.
Mrs. A. N. Towne and Mr. and Mrs.
Clinton E. Worden are still at Del
Monte. The veranda during the morn-
Ing hours Is a strenuous spot The
band is busy— and by the way. Its
product Is a rare joy — during the
matutinal hours and serves as a grand
reveille — for everybody gathers there
to chat, to do that stupidest thing In
the world— to knit, or to await their
mounts for a canter.
+
winter season. It Is perhaps a de
liverance that she chose New York Just
now Instead of San Francisco, as so
ciety here has fallen into a somnambu
listic state. Stupid? Why, It's like a
Sunday in Salem in ye olden day.
V The 31st is set for two interesting
nuptials— the Greer-EHinwood affair
and Carrigan-Sperry wei'linx. While
the former will be an evening affair,
with four witching maids in attend
ance and an honor maid— Miss Leontinc
Blakeman, Miss Josephine Loughbor-
Last week the .Bohemian Club was
especially gay with dinner parties.
Amonc; them was a delightful affair
given by Captain Samuel L. Fnl3on.
Thirteenth Infantry, and his guests
wore all martial men. After the dinner
—at which some miphty clever tales
were told— the guests adjourned to
Fischer's. \ \ ¦•
Amoftz those who were Captain
Faison's guests were Captain William
Kenlcy, Artillery Corps; Captain Syd
ney L. Cloman. Captain Robert S.
Abcrnethy. Major Cassius E. Gillette.
Major Samuel H. Allen, Captain Harris
L Roberts, Captain Andrew S. Rowan.
Captain Charles H. McKinstry. Captain
William P. Burnham, Captain Henry
D. Stycr. Captain William W. Harte.
Captain Charles H. Hunter*. Captain
Daniel T. Tate. Captain Robert D.
Walsh, Captain Arthur B. Foster, Cap
tain Ulysses G. M '.'Alexander,* Captain
Edward R. Chrisman, Captain Samuel
D. Sturgis, Captain John J. Bradley.
Captain Eugene T. Wilson. Captain
George E. White. Captain Briant H.
Wells. Captain Frank S. Armstrong,
Captain Thomas A. Pearce, Captain
William C. Davis, Captain Manus M«:-
Closkey, Captain George W. Helms and
Captain Charles E. Stodter..
On Wednesday Mrs. Wlckham Hav
ens was hostess at a luncheon and a
bridge party at . her Oakland home,
when she entertained Mrs.' Henry Ros
c-nfeld,. Miss Gertrude Allen, Mrs. J. H.
P. Dunn. Mrs. John H. Dieckmann.
Mrs. Oscar Fitzalon Long, Mrs. Albert
A. Long,, Miss Carrie Nicholson. Miss
Belle Nicholson, Mrs. Edward Engs,
Mrs. D. A. Proctor, Mrs. Robert S.
Knight, Miss Edith Gaskill and Mrs.
Charles Barneson of San Mateo.
• • •
That the young lieutenant was not
the fiance of the little Castillan lady
there Is abundant evidence. And It Is
greatly to her credit that she herself
has never claimed it. But as a stain
upon the honor of a brave soldier, the
tale ought to be pruned. It would be a
tellable tale even If the betrothal epi
sode were omitted. Then let's, do it.
Poor old Sherman's where he can't
speak for himself.
But as to his kissing the lady — there
is no question that he was guilty of
that, and in this particular case he
must have shown a nice discrimina
tion, a fact not always recorded Jn his
favor.
to that. But, really, it transcends pa
tience to sei a venerable bachelor lady
of Monterey posing daily — 25 cents per
pose — as the kissed and caressed maid
en who for fifty years has longed for
and looked for the coming of her errant
lover, who, the tale has it, was none
ether than General William T. Sher
man, then a gay young lieutenant sta
tioned at the barracks at Monterey.
Without her neat adobe cottage stands
a yellow rose tree, which the dear rc
rrancists say was planted by the gay
young officer and the coy Castillan
maid in token of their troth— that when
the roses bloomed then would he come
to her from afar and make her his
pretty bride. Now, nobody doubts that
young Sherman kissed the lady — he
was notoriously fond of kissing pretty
women — and who could blame him, for
was he not a gallant soldier? But as
to promising to wed her and failing to
redeem his promise, that's another
story and a libel upon the honor of a
good soldier, although it may make a
pretty tale.
As for the men's rooms, well, that, of
course, is for them to decide. If they
really must have a little Jug of brandy
and a bottle or two of soda on the buf
fet, why, I suppose, they must have it—
•^he officers of the Sequoia Club, .led
by Miss Ednah Robinson. and Charles
fciedgwick Aiken, are earnestly seeking
rooms downtown, where cJubrooms
may be established on such lines as
obtain -in New York and in London.
They are ambitious enough for the fu
ture of the club — which has by now
grown to be a very substantial looking
entity — to have ladies' rooms, card
rooms, rest rooms and rooms where
Sight beverages may be obtained.
"Highballs?" O horrors! No — at least,
not now!
Rumor hath it that the ecepter in the
Fo: tnightlies of Mrs. Monroe Salisbury
will pass on to her two daughters. Mrs:
Alexander Keyes' and Mrs. Danforth
Boardman. If such an arrangement
were made if, would probably insure a
pen-etuation of an attractive dancing
t lub-^-v.hich really is a desirable end.
It is, of course, not known what policy
the young, women would follow should
they assume control — whether they
would adhere to the same clientele and
for the same reasons as did their moth
er or enlarge the list of membership.
This action was taken In imitation of
the performance of . the New York In
spectors of Hulls and Boilers, who Is
sued a like decree a month ago: '.-¦:-"
Well, the 'mobiiist can at least have
hope. There will some day be a tunnel
l>«low the waters of the bay, and then
thf- ugly boatmen will be sorry. : :
. In our litanies we shall soon have to
insert a prajvr for the poor automo
biiists, for It was bad enough when the
ruralites banded against them, but
now behold the latest stunt— the fiat
has gone forth that no auto, except a
steam or an electric machine, may go
aboard a boat "alive." In other words,
those owning gasoline vehicles will
have to put out their flames and trun
dle their machines aboard and ashore
by hand — unless somebody invents a
machine that can tread water, ¦; and
thereby pass up the boat altogether.
Won't some of, our Billy Bounce
friends cut fascinating figures pushing
their machines aboard?
• » •
• But "meet" or "gymkhansy," it's going
to gather hosts of whecly people at
Del Monte — that's assured.
There's one thing above all others for
v, hich we must give our volatile friends
cf Ja belle France full credit, and that
Is, they are never commonplace. They
could have called their festival a
•meet," just as we in our vulgar haste
for a short word, lest we waste time
pronouncing it, but they cal it "gym
khana" — and therein lies its distinc
tion.
This sort of a meet is called in Paris
a gymkhana — don't try to vocalize It,
but in writing it's perfectly safe — if
you have the original handy for ref
erence.
Apropos of autos. the great meet of
the year will be held at Del Monte
between the 25th and the 28th, inclu
sive, when some exciting stunts will
be on the boards. There's the L. P.
Lowe challenge cup and the Del Monte
cup, both intrinsically beautiful, to be
battled for, and, Oh! such plaudits, be
sides.
• • •
To such an extent has the desire
grown to peer into the misty future
that women of wealth and social posi
tion are maintaining an army of syco-
I hants, scoundrels and parasites in our
midst, who fatten upon credulity. The
I'bl mists and seeresses are not the
v.crst of the tribe to whom the women
of the smart set appeal for light. It
is the yellow-robed, bewhiskered wan
derers from the Far East, with ideas
wholly at variance with the moral
conceptions of Christion nations, that
are lowering: standards.
They preach purity of ' life, ascribe
j>urity to these motives, their teach
ings, and their lives, but their influ
ence is not for purity of life, but for
a rainbow-hued, refractory sort of liv
ing, shattering ideals gleaned from
«.k»an Christian teachings.
A prominent divine recently said tb
me. "What is coming over the society
women of San Francisco? They are
going occult-mad." And he knew
whereof he spoke.
"Occultism? Pshaw! You wouldn't
accuse me of absorption in occultism,
t-imply because I visit a palmist just
lor a lark, or trot over to an 'Egyptian
teeress?' What an absurdity! It's all
fcuperstition, and suptrstition is naught
but a synonym for ignorance. I'm not
Mattered by your allusion, I assure
So spake a fair one, with a wither
ing glance — called forth, of course, be
cause the truth was told. Ah! the
truth! That is the thing that stings.
OCCULTISM ATTACKS SMART SET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL*, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904.
Lieutenant Martin L. Crimmins and
Mrs. Crimmins are again In New York.
the guests of John Crimmins. Mr.
Crimmins will shortly report at Leaven
worth for duty, where his dashing
young wife will Join him in the autumn.
It is said that Mrs. Crimmins will visit
her mother, Mrs. Cole, during the
20TCKIO, August J4. — The Russian armored cruiser Rurik was sunk in th^ engagement in the Strait of Korea* The armored cruisers Rossiay and
vJTOffilboli £SC3.i3£Q to trie t\ oi*1" n xjuzi i*n iYP3.viiv q^tVi 25.0^0
TOKIO, Aug* 14* — -The protected cruiser Akashi reports by wireless telegraph to the Admiralty that the Japanese squadron was engaging the
Vladivostok fleet off Tsu Islands, in the Strait of Korea, at 5 o'clock this (-unday) morning* .
JAPANESE SINK THE VLADIVOSTOK CRUISER RURIK
AND BADLY DAMAGE TWO OTHERS IN NAVAL BATTLE
FLAGSHIP CESAREVITCH DAMAGED IN THE SHANTUNG BATTLE AND TO SAVE WHICH THE PORT ARTHUR FLEET
SACRIFICED ITS OPPORTUNITY TO ESCAPE FROM TOGO'S WARSHIPS, AND THE OFFICER WHO SUCCEEDED TO
THE COMMAND ON THE DEATH OF REAR ADMIRAL. WITHOEFT. | . . -- »
Cesarcvitch — at Tsingchou. •
Rctvizan — At Port Arthur.
Poblcda — At Port Arthur.
Oslabya — At Port Arthur.
Poltava — At Port Arthur.
Peresviet— At Port Arthur.
CRUiSERS.
Askold — At Wusung.
Xovik — -At sea.
Pallada — At Tsingchou.
Diana — At -Port Arthur.
Of the fleet which made the
dash from Port Arthur threo
battleships have not been ac
counted for. Various reports
place them back at Port Arthur,
off the Korean coast and off the
Chinese coast. There is a strong
probability, however, that the
warships have returned to Port
Arthur.
Th'c present location of the
vessels • of the - Russian Port
Arthur_ fleet is as follows: - •
BATTLESHIPS.
WHERE VESSELS
OF PORT ARTHUR
FLEET ARE NOW
Other Damaged : Russian Vessels Re
main in Tsingchou Harbor.
BERLIN, Aug. -13.7— The Russian
protected cruiser . Novik left • Tsing
chou.V'at the entrance; of; Kiaochou
Bay, the i German*" concession', on i the
ONLiY THE XOVTK ESCAPES.
clnity of the Shantung. The officer
ccynmanding the squadron, having ex
amined and determined the extent of
the damage to the ship, concluded that
she could not j make Vladivostok and
allowed her captain to proceed to Kiao
chou for repairs.'
"Those killed included Rear Admiral
Wlthoeft, Navigating Flag Lieutenant
Azarieff arid Navigating lieutenant
Draguisheyitch. The slightly wounded
included myself and eight others. A
number: of sailors were killed or
wounded, but Just how many has not
yet been ascertained.
"I arrived at Kiaochou at S o'clock in
the evening and found there the cruiser
Novik and the torpedo-boat BezshumU
"I am happyto bear'witness to your
Majesty to the unexampled bravery of
the officers and men during the desper
ate encounter." ¦
GUERNEVILUB. Aug. 13.--Miss Edith
Hanks of San Francisco was drowned
In a swimming pool at Daniels, three
miles, from here, to-day. Miss . Hanks
was a daughter of Henry Hanks, a
well known resident of San Francisco,
and who was formerly State Mineralo-
DBOWN8 IX SWDSSHSG
POOL AT GUERXEVTLLE
WASHINGTON. Aug. 13.— As a re
ward for her heroism in turning by
hand for two nights the light at Lonely
Lighthouse, on Cat Island, on the Mis
sissippi coast, after her husband had
been stricken dead with heart disease,
Mrs. Daniel McCall will be appointed
to the $600 position of lighthouse keeper
at that point. The matter Is now before
the lighthouse board of the Department
of Commerce and Labor. Although
there are few. If any, instances where
women have been appointed to such
positions, Mrs. McCall will get the
place.
to Receive Appointment.
Widow Who Kept Beacon Burning
Despite narrowing , Conditions Is
IilGHTHOUSE BOARD WILJj
REWARD HEROIC WO3IAN
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. U.—Vice
roy Alexieff, in a dispatch to the Em
peror, gives the following report from
Captain Matousevitch, the late Rear
Admiral Withoeft's chief of staff, under
date of Aujjust 12:
"At dawn of August 10 our Port
Arthur squadron began to make for the
open sea and emerged from the port at
9 o'clock. The squadron consisted of six
battleships, the cruisers Askold, Diana,
Pallada and Xovik and eight torpedo
boats. The Japanese opposed us with
the following force:
"A first detachment, consisting of the
battleships AsahJ, Mikasa, Fuji, Ya
shlmi-and Shikishima and the cruisers
Nisshin and Kasaga: a second detach
ment, consisting of the cruisers' Ya
kumo, Kasagi, Chitose and Takasago.
and a third detachment, consisting of
the cruisers Akitsushima, Idzumi, Mat
sushima, Itsukushima and Hashldate
and the battleship Chinyen, with about
thirty torpedo-boats.
"Our squadron maneuvered to gain a
passage through the line of the enemy's
ships. Meantime the Japanese tor
pedo-boats were laying floating, mines
in the way of our squadron, thus ren
dering evolutions very difficult.
"At 1 p. m. our squadron, after forty
minutes' lighting, succeeded in effect
ing a passage and shaped its course
toward Shantung, x he enemy, follow
ing at full speed, caught up with us
slowly, and at 5 o'clock fighting again
began and continued for some hours
without either eide obtaining any ad
vantage.
"In the battle the commander of our
squadron was killed and the captain of
the battleship Cesarevitch was wound
ed and lost consciousness. Almost at
the same time the engines and steer
ing gear of the Cesarevitch were dam
aged and she was obliged to stop forty
minutes. This forced the other ships
to maneuver around her. The com
mand of the squadron devolved upon
Rear Admiral Prince Ouktomsky and
the command of the Cesarevltch on the
second in command.
"After nightfall the Cesarevitch, be
ing unable to follow the squadron and
losing sight of it, took a southerly di
rection in order to attempt to reach
Vladivostok under her own steam. Shv
was attacked by torpedo-boats during
the night, and at dawn' was in" the vi-
The heir-apparent Is described as a
strong, healthy baby.
The Empress and the baby at last
reports were In the best of condition.
The heir to the throne at his birth
weighed 10 7-10 pounds, English
freight. He has dark hair, like that
of tola paternal grandmother.
A brilliant array of officers and diplo
mats assembled In the magnificent Ka
zan Cathedral this morning to attend
CheTeDeum in honor of the birth of the
heir-apparent. Alexis. The stately edi
fice, adorned with military and naval
trophies, colors, eagles and keys of
captured fortresses, was filled with
Embassadorn, generals, admirals and
court and Government functionaries.
Trie Grand Duke Alexis, wearing the
resplendent uniform of a high admiral,
occupied the chief place as the god
father selected by the Emperor for his
eon. as a special compliment to the
'much tried navy. The metropolitan
read to the congregation the manifesto
announcing the birth, and then the
whole assemblage bended knee as the
prelate Invoked God's blessing on the
fntnre Emperor. Veteran warriors were
"/shaken with emotion and many per
sons wept and prayed, "May the Al
mighty send him many hours of hap
piness." The congregation dispersed
amid the sound of bells ringing from
all churches. Similar services were held
•throughout the empire, the priest in
each case reading out the manifesto an
nouncing the birth of the helr-appar
cpt.
Before he was twenty-four hours old
¦ fhe heir-apparent received his first mili
tary honor, being made honorary
colonel of the Finland Guards. The
colonel cf the regiment later went to
'the Alexandra villa to salute his baby
chief.
A grand demonstration is in course
cf preparation as a thank offering to
•the Emperor. Imperial clemency will
liberate half of the prisoners in all Rus
sia.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 13.— A great
cumber of ukases have been issued In
•connection with the birth of an heir to
the throne. One published in the official
'Viestnlck announced that the Grand
. Duke Michael, brother of the Emperor,
hitherto known as thi Czarovitch.
ceases to hold that title, which now
'devolves upon the newly-born Grand
• Duke --Alexis.
Ep«e!*l Cai'.e to Tie Call an* New Tork
Kerala. Coryrizht. ISO*, fcy the New York
Uera!2 Putlishisc Company.
Loyalty to Flag
ship Cause of
Disaster.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 13.— With a story
of fabulous wealth "richer than any
Klondike." as he puts it, W. H. Killeby,
who left here a few months ago to hunt
up an ancient channel which he be
lieves to run the entire length of the
continent from Alaska to Lower Cali
fornia, has returned from . the lower
coast. He brings with him a number
of. little bottles of heavy, coarse, grav
elly gold as a sample of what his force
of forty-one Yaqul Indians have been
taking out with dry washers.
Killeby has located what he believes
to be the ancient channel, and accord
ing to his story the dry earth carries
big values of just such gold as he dis
plays. The property is located on the
eastern side of -the San Pedro Martin
range of mountains, four miles from
the Gulf of Mexico and about two
miles below the line. He is interested
In the deal with a wealthy resident of
Xogales named Romeris, who secured
the mining concession from the Mexi
can Government. _ The grant covers a
space of thirty by ninety miles.
Killeby Is now on his way to Nogales
to tell of his find and plan for further
development work. He has sunk one
shaft, he says, to a depth of fifty feet,
and no bedrock has been struck, which
carries out his idea of the old river
channel. He declares, his belief that
there is actually more gold ¦ in sighf
than 1000 men can work In forty years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Praise Services in Honor
of Future Ruler Are Held
Throughout Czar's Realm
RUSSIANS CITE
THINKS TO GOD
San Diegan Talks oi
Wonderful' Find
. in Mexico.
TELLS TALE
OF FABULOUS
GOLD MINE
KIXGSTOWX. Island of St. Vincent,
B. W. I.. Aug. 13. — The British cruiser
Tribune on August 11 landed a party,
under command of Lieutenant Threl
fall. at Aves. or Bird Island, 127 miles
\rest of the north end of the island
of Dominica, and annexed It as a Brit
ish possession.
Guns vrer* hanled through the surf
and landed, the British flag was
hoisted and a royal salute was fired.
.¦ The . Tribune then proceeded direct
to St. Vincent, arriving there yester
day. The Tribune left to-day, being
ordered to Venezuela to protect" Brit
• ish Interests at Caracas. I ; T ~;
+ : *
Afterward Proceeds to Venezuela to
• Protect British Interests at
Caracal
Cralser Tribune Lands Men
and Gnus to Fire a
Royal Salute.
Warsliip Makes a
.Seizure in the
West Indies.
BIRD ISLE
IS ANNEXED
BY ENGLAND
New Mail Service for Carmel.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13. — The spe
cial mall service at Carmel, Monterey
County, will be discontinued on
August 31 and a star service with box
delivery and collection will be.estab
lished, with. Walter Hanson as carrier.
TOKIO, Aug. 13.— The merchant
steamship Genkai sighted a Russian
torpedo-boat destroyer near Jlgwei
Island, off the eastern coast of. Korea,
on the afternoon of August 11. The
Russian was steaming to the west
ward. The captain of the Genkai pre
pared to beach his ship, but the Rus
sian did not molest her. The Russian
torpedo-boat destroyer evidently had
parted 'from the fleet during the bat
tled of August. 10 and was trying to re
turn to Port Arthur.
Japanese Merchant Steamship Not
Molested by the War Craft.
SIGHTS A RUSSIAN DESTROYER.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 13.— The Navy
Department has directed Admiral Sigs
bee, commanding the Caribbean squad
ron, to send a warship to Gonalves and
Jeremie, Haytl. Minister Powell having
reported disturbances at those points.
The Denver, now at Porto' Rico, has
been ordered on the mission.
Minister Reports Disturbances at
Connives and Jcremle and Ves
sel Is Ordered There. : W0k
AMERICAN MAN-OF-WAR
SENT TO HAITIAN WATERS
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. 13.— An at
tack with a rocl. was made upon Mr.
and Mrs. Reginald Vanderbilt as they
were coming from Sandy Point to New
port in their automobile last evening.
Fortunately the missile did .not hit
either of them, or It would have In
flicted severe injury.
Vanderbilt's first impulse was to seek
his assailant, but Mrs. Vanderbilt per
suaded her husband from such a course
and they proceeded to Newport. When
Vanderbilt reached Newport he was de
termined to apprehend his secret foe,
if possible, and, leaving Mrs. Vander
bilt, he. and. the Chief of Police went
over the road "in the hope that the as
sailant would again throw a stone and
that he could be taken into custody,
but the assault was not repeated.
in Automobile.
Slillionalre and His Wife Targets of
Miscreants While Out Riding
VICIOUSLY THROWN ROCK
JUST MISSES • VANDERBH/TS
Washington, Aug. 11— vast for
ests of Manlcoba rubber trees, which
may in time affect the rubber market,
are reported to have been discovered in
Brazil. H. "W. Furnlss, United States
Consul at Bahia, Brazil, tells of the
finding in a report to the State Depart
ment, received to-day.
Furnlss says that during the last few
months the discovery was made that
there are in the interior of this State
vast forests of trees from which can be
produced a high \ grade of rubber,
known to the trade as "Manlcoba."
The area appears to be very large, but
cannot be defined as the region has not
been fully explored. The attention
called to the first discovery has led to
further exploration, with the resjalt
that from time to time comes a notice
of other sections where similar trees
grow In profusion.
American Consul In Brazil Reports
Important Discovery to the
State Department.
VAST FORESTS OF RUBBER
TREES SAID TO EXIST
CHICAGO, Aug. 13— Another chap
ter must be added shortly to the serial
story of matrimonial adventure of
which Mrs. Grace Snell-Coffin-McCrea-
Coffin-Green-Walker -.Coffin - Layman
has been the versatile heroine.
As announced in The Call, she has
brought a suit for divorce against-Per
kins Layruan. a former clerk in the Ho
tel Van Nuys, at Los Angeles, who
packed . his trunk and disappeared on
an cast bound "flyer"' shortly, after his
marriage. Rumor says she is contem
plating a " fourth alliance with Frank
Nixon Co'Jln. It Is known that he fol
lowed her to "California ' more . than a
year ago. '
At the time of Coffin's departure from
Chicago his son, Stanley Coffin, was
left to his own resources here and
found the battle for existence a hard
problem. Fresh from Harvard College,
where -the Snell : millions had made
every luxury possible, the idea of la
boring for the mere necessities of life
had never been impressed upon him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Before the . Russian fleet emerged
from Port Arthur, on August 10, the
Japanese batteries could reach the
warships there with shells and the
docks were exposed to a fire, the se
verity of which was increasing con
stantly. It is doubted if the ships will
be able to go to sea again without first
undergoing repairs, and it is expected
that the Russians themselves will de
stroy them before Port Arthur falls.
TOKIO, Aug. 13.— It is believed here
that the Russians will not be able to
repair the five battleships reported by
Admiral Togo to have been damaged
in the recent sea fighting at Port
Arthur. The Japanese land batteries
now command the entrance to the har
bor and could render this work impos
sible. ;i>!i
CHEFU, Aug. 14, noon. — A Japanese
squadron sighted the Vladivostok
squadron in the Strait of Korea at 5:10
o'clock thla (Suri3ay). morning. Fight
ing began fifty minutes later. ;
Four torpedo-boats or. torpedo-boat
destroyers, apparently Japanese, en
tered this harbor at 8 o'clock last night
A cruiser remained outside the harbor.
One of the torpedo-boats exchanged
signals with K the Chinese flagship.
A press correspondent at once .visited
the Chinese flagship, where he / was
coolly told by Admiral Sah that no Jap
anese or Russian vessels had been seen
during . the "night.
Naval Encounter
in the Strait
of Korea.
Mrs. Layman May
Again Wed P.
N. Coffin.
TBREE-TIME
SPOUSE HER
HERO STILL
Passengers en Atlantic Liner Cedric
Convinced Engagement Soon
Will Be Announced.
Both England and this country know
of the Earl of Rosslyn, who attracted
attention as a writer, a newspaper cor-«
respondent and an actor. He appeared
here two seasons ago under the direc
tion of Charles Frohman. The Earl
married a member of a well known
Scottish family, but his domestic Ufa
was not happy and the divorce court
intervened. He has two children.
It was impossible to-day to see Mrs.
Tevis upon the arrival of the steam
ship and no trace of her could be ob
tained at the hotels where she is ac
customed to stop when in this city, nor
at the homes of friends whom she vis
its in New- York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— Passengers of
the White Star Line steamship Cedric,
which arrived here to-day from Liver
pool, told all their friends, as soon as
they landed, of an engaging rnmor that
Mrs. Hugh Tevis of California and the
Earl of Rosslyn were to be married.
Mrs. Tevis was on board the Cedrio
and as she walked on the promenade
deck or sat In her steamer chair during
the week of the voyage the rumor was
discussed in its various lights. It was
based on the fact that the Earl of
Rosslyn had accompanied her on the
train from London to Liverpool and one
of the fair passengers is authority for
the statement that the nobleman
seemed to be unusually attentive to the
young American widow.
One who had observed them, say fare
well said that she was quite sure the
Earl and Mrs. Tevis were engaged to
be married and she told other of the
women passengers her surmise. The
result was that the Cedric's saloon had
begun to accept the story of the en
gagement the first day out as though
it had been officially announced.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
Earl of Rosslyn's Atten
tions to Fair Calilornian
Excite Comment.
Gossip Is Busy With
Name oi Noted
Beauty.
MRS. TEVIS
MAY MARRY
A NOBLEMAN
Continued " on" Pago 22, « Column : 6. -
Alcazar— "SJisrldas." -V-l!"
California — "Just Befor* Dwra."
Matinea to-day.
Central — "A Bunch of Keys."
Matineo to-day.
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Piacher's— "The Whirl of the
Town."
Grand — "The lottery of XtOTe."
Matiaee to-day.
Orpheum — Vauzeville. Katiaee
to-day.
Tivoll — "The Toreador."
TBJ3 TirnATXTES.
THE WSATKEB*
Torecact ma4e at Su. Tr«a
cUco for thirty tours eadlaf
aaiflsirht, August 14. 19041
Baa Francisco aad vicinity—
Fair Sn&Oay, warmer la t&«
raoralar; UXbt icmtlierly vta&c,
cEanging to fresh, westerly.
District Fcrecarter.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 75.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 11, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34.
The San Francisco CallJohn D. Rockefeller has a little
grandson something over a half dozen
years of age of whom he is very fond.
One day recently this youngster, while
visiting at the Rockefeller country
home, at Pocantico Hills, New York,
mounted his grandparent's knee and
said:
"Grandpa, here's a picture of you
that I drawed."
"Ah, yes," replied Mr. Rockefeller, as
he examined it '. "Very interesting.
What am I doing?"
"Coming home from the village
store." '
"Yes, yes; I see. But what's that I
have in my hand?" '
a gallon oil can. You've Just
got' it filled with kerosene and are
fetching . it home- for the lamps. Of
course,'* the artist continued in patron
izing explanatory tones, "it's a 'mag.
inary picture. 'Tain't drawed from see-
Ing you do it, you know. I fought it all
up in my own head."— New York Times.
Rockefeller's Picture.
The Declaration of Independence is '
a most trenchant argument to show
that George III was a very poor kind
of king and that the colonies could do
better by setting up for themselves. Of
course, the British Government did
not think that the colonies were yet
ready for self-government. No Gov
ernment ever does think this of its
colonies. When Secretary Taft says
that independence for the islands lying
off in the Pacific must not be men
tioned for years to come, he is simply
echoing the spirit of the past and of
all governments which get their grip
on a people without their consent. It
would have knocked American inde
pendence higher than a kite. But the
"spirit of '76" was greater, mightier,
truer to human instinct and human
right George III did not believe that
the American colonies were ready for
self-government simply because he did
not want to believe it The first ques
tion to ask ourselves Is whether we
want the Philippines to have inde
pendence. If we do not, we will al
ways be able to'flnd an argument to
run with our wishes. # '
Lincoln said that no man was good
enough' to govern another without his
consent. But Lincoln was a rare kind
of human. In these smart days there
are men who think themselves . good
enough for anything. "And as between
George III and Lincoln they lean up
against the former. — Chicago Advance.
Leaning Against George III.
Mrs. Alice Galleher Sessums, wife of
the Right Rev. Davis Sessums, Bishop
of Louisiana, has received from the
United States Patent Office letters pat
ent covering an Improvement upon the
bodkin. Mrs. Sessums has already re
ceived three flattering offers for the
patent-
The London Morning Post of June 29
said: "On the initiative of Colonel G.
Gouraud it is proposed to hold for the
first time out of America a meeting, to
be followed by a banquet, of the mili
tary order of the Loyal Legion of the
United States., The membership of the
organization is limited to military and
naval officers of the Civil War of 1861-5,
who still number nearly ten thousand.
Many of them are resident in Great
Britain and on the Continent of Eu
rope, and at a recent conference it was
decided to hold a meeting and banquet
in England annually hereafter. United
with the members of the order will be
officers of the Confederate forces, mem
bers of the Society of Cincinnatus, the
Spanish-American "War" Veterans, the
Roosevelt Rough Riders, the Sons of
Veterans of the Union and Confederate
armies, the Sons of the American Rev
olution and the descendants of British
naval and military officers who served
in the war of the American Revolution.
The guests on the occasion, It is hoped,
will include several distinguished offi
cers of his Majesty's navy and army.
The Lord Mayor of London has given
his co-operation. Those wishing to join
in the reunion are Invited to communi
cate with Colonel Gouraud at the Savoy
Hotel, or at Edison House, Marine Pa
rade, Brighton."
Permanent Organization Will Be Made
and Annual Reunion Pro
vided For.
TREKA, Aug. 13.— The Republican
County Convention convened here to
day, with fifty-four delegates present
from various portions of the county.
The platform, among other things,
warmly commends Roosevelt for his
action in the Panama matter.
The following representatives were
chosen delegates to the State conven
tion and also to the Congressional and
Assembly district conventions, which
meet at Santa Cruz: R. S. Taylor, L.
M. Foulke, Judge J. 8. Beard, Albert
Lindley. Clifford Coggins, Dr. G. W.
Dwinnell, J. L. Coyle and R. J. Wll
lard.
Supervisor Abner "Weed was renom
lnated In District No. 2 without opposi
tion. Samuel Gardner beat his op
ponent for renomination by a close vote
in District No. 4. A. D. Terwilliger, a
business man of Montague, beat John
Cooley, a farmer, by one vote for the
nomination in District No. 1. Terwilli
ger*s prospective opponent Is Ed O'Con
nor, a brother-in-law.
the State Convention.
Mendocino County Names Delegates to
CONVENTION AT YREKA.
CIVHi AVAR VETERANS
| TO BANQUET IN LONDON
LONDON, Aug. 13.— The cutting out
of the Russian torpedo-boat destroyer
Ryeshitelni by the Japanese torpedo
boat destroyers at Chefu has eclipsed
for the moment in -the public mind the
Knight Commander Incident The Jap
anese le'gatlon claims that the Japanese
torpedo-boat destroyers entered Chefu
for the purpose of ascertaining if the
Ryeshitelni was really dismantled, and
that the Japanese boat's crew was at
tacked by the Russians.
This version does not agree with the
reports received by the British Foreign
Office, in which the Japanese appear to
have been the aggressors. Consequent
ly the British Government has evi-
Great Britain Much Disturbed by the
. Chef a Incident.
DOUBTS JAPAN'S VERSION.
LONDON, Aug. 13. — A dispatch
from Weihaiwei says the Russian tor
podo-boat destroyer Burnt was beach
ed and blown up on August 12 on the
south of the Shantung Promontory.
Three of her officers and sixty men,
who walked from the scene of the ac
cident, have arrived at Weihaiwei.
According to a news agency's dis
patch from Tokio, the Russian tor
pedo-boat destroyer Ryeshitelni, which
was captured- by the Japanese at
Chef u, is being taken to a Chinese
port. • »"4;
A dispatch from St. Petersburg to
a news agency says the machinery of
the Russian battleship Cesarevitch
was so damaged during the fight that
most of it is worthless. She lost 210
officers and men killed and sixty
wounded.
Rear Admiral Withoeft was on the
bridge of the Cesarevitch when a shell
exploded there, blowing him to pieces.
"A dispatch from Shanghai says the
reason given for the entrance of the
Russian torpedo-boat destroyer .Gro
zovoi into that port is that it is neces
sary to repair her machinery. The
vessel, the dispatch adds, shows no
signs of recent fighting, except that
her forward rails are damaged. Her
hull, guns. and torpedo tubes are un
injured.
The officers of the Grozovoi report
that the Russian warships, after a se
vere engagement, forced their way
through the Japanese fleet and
escaped in several directions.
The correspondent of the Evening
News at Tsingchou cables that he
learned from an officer of the Rus
sian battleship Cesarevitch that the
Russian Port Arthur squadron met the
Japanese squadron twenty miles out.
The flagship Cesarevitch was espe
cially attacked and changed her
course for the Shantung Peninsula.
The Japanese followed and overhauled
her and the accompanying vessels off
Shantung at 4:30 o'clock in the after
noon. A two hours' battle followed.
Survivors of the Russian Craft Walk
to the Port of Weihaiwei.
DESTROYER BURN! BEACHED.
Shantting Peninsula, where she ar
rived on Thursday night, within the '
twenty-four-hour limit, according to
an official dispatch to the Navy De
partment from the Governor of Kiao
chou. Several other Russian vessels
are still in the harbor in a disabled
condition.
The German Government Is not
willing that the names of these ships
and the details of the damages should
be published on official authority, be
cause such intelligence might be con
sidered inconsistent with neutrality
and as affording Japan information.
The instructions sent to the authori
ties at Tsingchou permit the Russian
vessels to repair sufficiently to go to
another port, but the repairs must~be
strictly limited to making them sea
worthy and not to increasing their
fighting capacity.
Admiral von Prlttwitz, the com
mander of the German naval forces in
Far Eastern waters, is assembling his
ships at Kiaochou to enforce Ger
many's neutrality against either bel
ligerent.
Continued From Page 21, Column 4.
denced a desire that Japan do nothing
to cast a doubt on the neutrality of
China, and has . expressed confidence
that Japan will repair any errors com
mitted by subordinate officials.
RUSSIANS LOYAL TO THE FLAGSHIP
Japanese Release Two Prizes.
TIENTSIN. Friday. Aug. 12.— The
Japanese have released the British
steamships Hslping and Peiplng, own
ed by the China Mining and Engineer-
Ing Company of Shanghai, which were
captured in July last. Part of their
cargoes also were released.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 14.— Not
since the beginning of the war between
Japan and Russia has anything so ob
viously affected Russian spirits as the
gradual revelation of the extent of the
Port Arthur squadron's reverse.
' The efforts of the Russians to fight
their way through the Japanese prob
ably would have been successful had it
not been for the disaster to the battle
ship Cesarevitch, which compelled the
squadron to .fight a second battle, end
ing in the dispersal of the Russian fleet
in darkness.
The awful mortality among the offi
cers of the Cesarevitch, which was
merely stated in the official report, was
due to the fact that Admiral Withoeft
and most of his officers were gathered
on the bridge, during the action, in or
der to set a j example to and encour
age the men, Instead of remaining in
comparative safety in the protection
of the conning tower.
A Japanese shell burst beneath the
bridge, wrecking that part of the ship
and killing or wounding every officer
on dutv thereabouts.
One of the most Important features
of Captain Matousevltch's dispatch,
aside from Its grimly brief account of
the battle, is the detailed statement of
the make-up of Rear Admiral Togo's
fleet, which .consisted of six battleships,
eleven cruisers of various classes and
approximately thirty torpedo-boats.
According to this statement there
were in line of battle some ships pre
viously reported destroyed. This gives
an indication of the Japanese naval
strength, which Admiral Togo has hith
erto concealed. >. .
Full Extent of Disaster to Port Ar
thur Fleet Jnst Being Learned.
DEPRESSION IN RUSSIA.
day by the news that four Russian
warships had anchored off the Saddle
Islands, where they are awaiting Brit
ish colliers from Tsingchou. A Japa
nese squadron, consisting of one Iron
clad, two large cruisers and four tor
pedo-boat destroyers, is watching out
side to intercept the colliers.
The Japanese Consul here is urging
the Taotai to disarm the Grozovoi and
Askold, but no decision as yet known
has been reached.. In the meantime
Japanese shipping remains inactive.'
BERLIN. Aug. 13.— A dispatch to the
Lokal Anxeiger from Tokio, timed 12:30
p. m. to-day, says that heavy fighting
took place at Port Arthur day and
night on Tuesday and Wednesday and
that the Russian losses are reported to
be enormous. *
CHEFU, Aug. 13.— Chinese dockyard
laborers who left Fort Arthur on the
night of August 8. and who arrived
here «o-day confirm the report of heavy
fighting there. They state that the
Japaneso lines are gradually closing In
on the inner forts.
A shell which exploded in the general
hospital killed a number of patients.
TOKIO, Aug. 13.— Another sign that
a general assault on Port Arthur is im
minent, or already in progress, Is found
In the fact thut the Emperor of Japan
has notified Field Marshal Yamagata,
chief of the general staff, of his desire
that non-combatants be allowed an op
portunity to leave the fortress. The
chief of staff consequently ' instructed
the Japanese commander at Port Dal
ny to give the requisite instructions for
their removal.
Further details of the naval engage
ment of August 10 indicate that Ad
miral Togo's main attack waa directed
against the Russian battleships and
that while this was going on the speed
ier Russian cruisers succeeded in get
ting away. '
ASKOLI) PUTS INTO SHANGHAI.
Badly Damaged Russian Cruiser Takes
Refuge in the Harbor.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 13.— The Russian
protected cruiser Askold, flying an ad
miral's flag, with her two stacks de
stroyed, a large hole in her hull near
the water line and one below the water
line, her upper works much battered
and her after barbette destroyed, ar
rived at Shanghai at 3 o'clock this aft
ernoon and commenced to make repairs
In the drydock. Fifteen of her crew
were killed and fifty wounded during
the battle off Port Arthur on August 10.
The torpedo-boat destroyer Grozovoi
also is at Shanghai. The Taotai has
notified both vessels that they must
leave port at the expiration of the
twenty-four hour limit. The command
er of the Askold claims that his vessel
is unseaworthy, and it is said to be his
Intention to remain in port until the
repairs are completed.
Local shipping la. demoralized, under
writers refusing to take any further
risks. There is a feeling here that Rus
sia Is infringing upon Chinese neutral
ity by using Shanghai as a port of
refuge.
Great excitement was caused here to-
Japanese Lines Arc Gradually Closing In Upon Port Ar
thur and the Losses of the Stronghold's Defend
ers Arc Eeported to Be Enormous.
ADMIRAL WITHOEFT KILLED BY A JAPANESE SHELL
WHILE DIRECTING FLEET FROM HIS FLAGSHIP'S BRIDGE
Battleship Cesarevitch, Irreparably Damaged in Eun
ning Tight, Will Be Dismantled and Put Out of
Commission in the Harbor of Tsingchou.
only chance of escape rather than de
sert the crippled flagship.
The distress caused by the squad
ron's failure to get away has height
ened, if possible, the bitter resentment
felt over the conduct of the Japanese
in the Ryeshitelni affair and the Mi
kado's orders to allow non-combatants
to leave Port Arthur merely deepens
the painful impression, indicating as it
does the belief of the highest Japanese
authorities in the imminence of the fall
of Port Arthur.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 14, 3:40
a. m. — Rear Admiral Withoeft, who
was in command of the Russian naval
forces at Port Arthur, was killed dur
ing the engagement of "Wednesday.
The Emperor has received a tele
gram from Tsingchou, signed by Cap
tain Matouzvitch, the rear admiral's
chief of staff, reporting that Withoeft
met his death aboard the flagship
Cesarevitch. Both his legs were blown
off.
Captain Wamoff of the Cesarevitch,
Captain Samoff and several officers
were wounded.
Several officers besides the rear ad
miral were killed. The battleship sus
tained severe damage. Her rudder
was broken beyond hope of repair.
Captain Matousevitch did not report
as to the whereabouts of the other
vessels, but the dlsatpch adds that the
protected cruiser Novik has left Tsing
chou.
The Admiralty entertains the hope
that some of the battleships, after the
return to Port Arthur, managed to
elude Admiral Togo and Join the
Vladivostok squadron. It is pointed
out that the Admiralty now explicitly
states that the Russian squadron ac
tually went back to Port Arthur.
The Russian account of the latest na
val battle between the Japanese and
Russian fleets Indicates that the Japa
nese torpedo-boats sustained their pre
vious reputation for daring by making
a daylight attack upon a squadron in
battle formation, and admits the effect
iveness of these frail,- daring craft,
which seriously Impeded the move
ments of the Russian fleet
The wording of the official report that
the battleship Cesarevitch "turned" to
try to go In the direction of Vladivo
stok arouses some comment here. As
suming, as the report seems to Indicate,
that the battle was off the Shantung
peninsula, the turning of the Cesare
vitch to go toward Vladivostok would
most probably indicate that the re
mainder of the squadron was going
back In the direction of Port Arthur.
At the same time the report that the
day after the battle four Russian bat
tleships were < sighted off Shanghai
makes it possible that the battle oc
curred farther south in the Yellow Sea
than the report of Captain Matouse
vitch indicates and that when the Ce-
Barevitch "lost sight of the remainder
of the squadron" the Russian fleet was
actually proceeding southward. This
opens an interesting question as to the
ultimate destination of the remaining
Russian battleships.
The fact that the crushing nature of
the blow to the Russian fleet was
largely due to the feeling of comrade
ship which prompted the squadron to
halt for the purpose of protecting the
disabled Cesarevitch is viewed here
with grim satisfaction and regret Is
mingled with admiration for the
brother officers who threw away their
"Scouting with the aid of the
telephone has • become ona of the
features of modern warfare, and
Is now being made use of by
the Japanese," says the "Western
Electrician. "Two scouts proceed
from the lines toward the enemy; one,
the observer, is a skilled army officer,
who makes the observations, which are
transmitted back to headquarters
through a telephone line paid out from
a reel carried by an electrician of the
signal corps. A ground return is used,
the ground being made by thrusting a
bayonet or hatchet Into the earth and
attaching one end of the line to it. The
electrician carries a battery on his
back. He also makes the connections
and does the talking. A special con
ductor Is used, which will stand rough
usage. In this manner a scout may be
able to stay out a long time and give
valuable information without being
obliged to make a number of hazardous
trips to the front."
Scouting With Telephone.
CESAREVITCn OUT OF ACTION.
Hnttleship Probably Will Be Dis-
mantled in TsIiikcIiou Harbor.
TSINGCHOU, Aug. 13. — The Rus
sian battleship Cesarvitch received
terrible punishment in the fight off
Shantung Promontory on August 10.
The Cesarevitch bore the brunt of the
fighting until 4 o'clock in the after
noon, when Admiral Withoeft was
hit by a shell, which blew his body to
pieces, only one of his legs being
found after the explosion. Four of
ficers standing near him were killed.
Altogether the Cesarevitch lost fifteen
men killed and forty-five wounded.
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon of
August 11 a Russian torpedo-boat de
stroyer, badly damaged, steamed slow
ly into Tsingchou and a half hour lat
er the protected cruiser Novik, slight
ly injured, entered port. No dead were
on board either vessel. They took coal
and departed at 3 o'clock on the
morning of August 12. 1
The battleship Cesarevitch arrived
at Tsingchou on the night of August
11, steaming at the rate of four knots
an hour and burning immense quan
tities of coal to make even that rate of
speed. Her rudder shaft was broken,
one gun was disabled, lifeboats had
been lost, her masts were badly bent,
her funnels were riddled and her
bridge had been twisted out of posi
tion. The projectile holes above the
water line were covered with make
shift stoppers of wood.
The same night, August 11, the
cruiser Askold, with fifteen of her
crew dead and twelve wounded, and
one torpedo-boaf destroyer attempted
to enter Tsingchou, but were kept out
by a Japanese cruiser, whereupon
they proceeded to Woosung.
The officers of the Cesarevitch are
of the opinion that the Japanese ves
sels undoubtedly suffered severely in
the fighting, as the pursuit of the
Cesarevitch was maintained for a
short time only. The decks of the
Russian battleship were slippery with
blood and the men on board were al
most deaf as a result of the concus
sions of firing.
Several Japanese cruisers are now
reported to be off Shantung Promon
tory near the scene of the fighting,
while destroyers on scouting duty are
watching the mouth ! of; Tsingchou
harbor.
The German warships at Tsingchou
to-night are the cruisers Fuerst Bis
marck, Geier, Hansa and Hertha, the
gunboats * Luchs and Tiger and two
torpedo-boat destroyers. They con
trol the harbor exit absolutely.
TOGO HURRIES TO SHANGHAI.
Battleship Squadron Will Intercept
Russian Ships in That Vicinity.
CHEFU, Aug. 13. — According to
Chinese authority, the Russians had
six and the Japanese four warships at
the beginning of the fight off Shantung
Promontory. The Japanese, however,
soon were reinforced, but to what ex
tent is not stated.
A private telegram received here to
night says that the Russian battleship
Cesarevitch has moved farther into
Tsingchou harbor, following a demand
made by the Japanese that the Rus
sians come out and fight. It is sur
mised that the Cesarevitch will be dis
mantled.
The German cruiser Thetis left
Tsingchou hastily to-day. An Italian
warship also has left there. The desti
nations of these vessels are not known.
Admiral Togo is said to be with the
main portion of the Japanese • fleet,
which has gone toward Shanghai. This
portion of the fleet includes all the
battleships.
The whereabouts of the Russian
cruisers Pallada and Novlk are not
known here. It Is believed* that if
these vessels are still afloat they will
undoubtedly endeavor to' connect with,
the Vladivostok squadron.
A -cipher telegram received here
from Osaka, Japan, confirms previous
reports that the Japanese main squad
ron is bound for a southern destina
tion "on an active campaign."
Launches containing sixty Russian
sailors are said to have entered Wei
haiwei to-day. The sailors belong to
two torpedo-boat destroyers which are
reported to have gone ashore in the
vicinity of Weihaiwei. These ' vessels
presumably are the same which were
reported yesterday to have been cap
tured. ~.'5-j
The steamship Dagmar, ariving to
night from Tsingchou, had on board
the harbor pilot who steered the Rus
sian battleship Cesarevitch into that
port. He confirms the press reports
regarding the damage to the Cesare
vitch and adds that her rudder shaft
was broken during the fight, but that
her engines were not badly injured.
He expresses the opinion that the
fighting days of the Cesarevitch are
over and that she probably will be
dismantled.
Loses Faith In Russian Arms.
L.IAOYANG. Aug. 13. — The Chinese
Governor of Mukden has issued ; a
proclamation welcoming the Japanese.
This is due to the fact that the suc
cessive retirements of the Russians
upon their main lines have caused the
Chinese to lose faith in the Russian
arms. IS&Blf&S&Sll
British Steamship Searched.
GIBRALTAR, Aug. 13.— -The Brit
ish steamship Ronda, from Hull for
Naples, passed here to-day and sig
naled that she was boarded by a Rus-'
sian cruiser yesterday. Her papers'
and other documents were examined
and her hold was searched. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 14/ 1904.
22
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
"CBSSt fit B^S5^KgSjyK^
Somewhere In the world life is at
¦take every minute of the day. Right
at our own doors, perhaps, is going on a
8tru J[Rl e M grim and fierce as any fight
or night on record. You hear the hol-
low tearing cough ; see the ooze of blood
which tells of the wounded lungs ; mark
the emaciated body and hectic cheek,
and know a life is at stake.
The use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery has saved many a life in
just such a crisis. It cures obstinate,
deep-seated coughs, stops the hemor-
rhage, strengthens "weak" lungs, and
restores the emaciated body to its nor-
mal weight and strength.
# There is no alcohol in the "Discov-
ery," and it is absolutely free from
opium, cocaine, and all other narcotics.
"I desire to send you this ' brief; ' unsolicited
testimonial," writes Kev. Joseph H. Fe«perman.
Barium Springs. Iredell Co., N. C "In 1898 one
of my daughters was suffering oa account of a
severe cough, hectic fever, wasting of flesb and
other symptoms of diseased lungs. I promptly
gave her Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
with gratifying success, and she now enjoys
excellent health, This experience caused me
to recommend Dr. Pierce's . medicines • to my
neighbors, who. without exception, used them
with favorable results.".
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pav
expense of mailing only, or if cloth
bound volume is desired send 31 stamps.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
AD VEimSEMEXTS.
F ~ " r .' ; . . " 1
;•:¦::¦:':¦:'! '"S ¦¦' - - ¦ .- -- .- - : • ¦ ' : \ ::: :- • i
When a man begins to grow- old he
usually begrins to feel sick in many
ways. Old people seem to expect this. I
don't believe the Almighty Intended that
the old should be sick. 1 waa sick with
rheumatism, pain in back, hips and legs.
stiff knees rind .inkle Joints — I could not
eat. I was wrak. My bladder was Irri-
table. I had to get up often at night. I
thought theso troubles were the penalty
of getting old. because I had taken much
medical treatment without benefit. I be-
came so miserable, however, that I de-
cldod as a last resort to try the Electro-
Chemic treatment — so. on Feb. 21. 1903.
I went to the Electro-Chemic Institute.
113 Grant avenue. San Francisco, for
consultation and examination.
Everything was so satisfactory. nr»
charge for examination, a frea loan of
the wonderful Electro-Chemic apparatus
for home treatment, a small charge 'for
treatment, and in three months' time I
wa3 perfectly cured, and I did not have
to remain In the city at all. as my treat-
ment was all done by the home method.
I am glad I went for the first examina-
tion, for that was just the thing and it
showed at once what was the matter
with me. and after that my cure waa
comparatively easy. I can ' truthfully
say that I feel twenty years , younger
since taking the Electro-Chemic course.
My pains are all gone. I can eat like a
horse and digest everything I eat., and I
feel pretty strong for a man that Is get-
ting way along in years.
My name is R. B. Cutting and I llv»
at Santa Cruz. Cal. I am an old pioneer
and I want to recommend the Electro-
Chemic treatment to all sufferers and
especially to the told folks who ar» mis-
erable and sick. Medicines do ne good in
such cases, whilst Electro-Chemtstry
surely puts new blood and new life into
both men and women who are wearing
out just because they are old.
No words were ever written mor*
truthful than those of Mr. Cutting.
Electrc-Chemistry is a godsend to every
sufferer who ia wearing out. New blood
is placed into the weary body. The new-
ly strengthened and purified blood is cir-
culated to every organ. Catarrh is cured.
Consumption. Asthma Bronchitis and ail
diseases of the air passages are cured.
Ringing Ears. Dpafness. Discharging and
Painful Ear Diseases are cured as *y _n»
other known treatment. Cancer*. Tu-
mors. Old Sores. Eczema. Blood Poison.
Skin Diseases are cured by Electro-
Chemistry when the old-fashioned raedl-
cal treatments can do nothing. In ner-
vous disorders Electro-Chemistry works
almost miracles whilst everybody, knows
that bromides only quiet nervous dis-
eases, but never cure them.
In Rheumatism. Neuralgia. Loeornotor
Ataxla and Paralysis the cures hy Elec-
tro-Chemistry have created w 1^*!}"^
wonder in San Francisco-. Hundreds of
| the very worst cases have been ou.c^i> .
cheaply and permanently cured. Any-
one interested will be given the namts
and addresses of cured patients. .
In special diseases of women: Irregu-
larities. Displacements. Painful Pf/i" 1 ;*-
Weak Backs. Dizziness, Fainting SpeKs.
Ovarian Pains. Ulceratlons. &c. &f •
Electro-Chemistry cures quickly per-
manently and painlessly. Electro-
chemistry keeps many .women . on:
the operating table, and no sufferlrsc
woman should consent to surgical- treat-
ment before investigating this wonderful
new treatment. Consultation,ftnd advice
Is free In any case. The Institute pro-
vides separate and' private apartments
for male and female patients. Every one
who can possibly do so shotrld ;come to
the office for the Electro-Chemic X-Rav
examination. "This examination is the
most reliable. It is painless and harm-
less. Babies a year old are' examined
successfully and they do not cry. It 13
free to all sufferers. r T^ 1 '
The granrt success of the 'Electro-
Cfaemie Institute has caused imitators
to spring up — so evfry one contemplat-
ing a visit should be sure to get ,tne
right number. 118 Grant avenue, corner
of Post street The offlco hours are from
nine to five and seven to eight dally, and
on Sundays from ten to osa.
• DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A SuqJi Bottle Sen! FREE by Mail.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
• kidney jjernedy, 'fulfills every vrlsh In
promptly curing: kidney, bladder and
uric add troubles, rheumatism 'and pain
la the back. It corrects inability to hold
water and scalding: pain In passing It. or
bad effect* following nss of liquor, wine
or beer, and overcome* that unpleaaant
necessity of being: compelled to go often
during the day and to gtt up many times
' during the nleht. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized. B It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases.
Swamp-Root is not recommended for
everything, but if you have kidney, liver.
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
it Just the remedy you need.
If you need a medicine you should
hive the best. Sold by druggists In. fif-
ty-cent and one-dollar sizes. You may
have a sample bottle of this great kidney
remedy. Swamp-Root, and a book that
tells all about it and its great cures, both
sent absolutely free by mall. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Blnghamton. N. Y. "When
writing be sure to mention that you
read this generous offer In The San
Francisco Sunday Call. Don't make any
" mistake, but remember the name.
Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address, Blnghamton, N. Y., on
?very bottle. ." . - i
f^^&^C(AMERAJat|
I I liP» SACRIFICE
i ii " f«imi»i at
GREAT REDUCTIONS - - •
KORONA PETIT
CAMERAS
3&x4* Regular Price *Q.5O
Reduced to $6.35
S*m wfth&scKand PinbnCptto*7.35
SUNSET BAZAAR.
\ H. S. BRIDGE & CO., ;
!; MERCHANT TAILORS, jj
jl 622 Market Street. I;
;! Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HoteL I;
|: SAN FRANCISCO. jj
,|| Novelties in Imported Wear. !;
ADVANCE fALL
11L STYLES.
DAY,
WS»My Aug. 15.
Free Souisnirs to Every Person Who Calls.
Wt-^iJBM We extend an in vitation to every
J$&*''*&2bBm Person to come to our Fa:! Opening.
ii : \''' :^'j£&SS§ We WiU try tO make Au S- 15 a day
? ;/ ' 4r^§W tO be remembsred by a; I who come.
sdu&jtv' '*** C have on dis P Ia y the newest of the
Jggg^tMr advance styles in Fall Footwear
»^V -SOBOSIS SHOES ScTff.S
f^^^f^ • trade. In
1 HhHS^ England the price is 54.00 to $4.50 per
BSSS§ Pair ; in Germany, $4.50 ; in Canada,
J^^^ $4.50 to S5.C0; in Francs and Russia,
M^'-mL $5#0 °* Ever y wher e in the United
§'¦ ' alna States the price for all staple styles is
15sfafe}!'V' VVe know °f no other American
\»k^£ '--'% commodity of such a staple charac-
¦Ofci %^Slk tCr seiIing at a P re mium of from 20 to
T& ;|k SO per cent in foreign countries. Asa
'^%-L^^^^_ ru ' e P rices ars lower — very much
lower — as many Americans who have
traveled can testify, to their disgust.
¦gtfk Over one-third of our production
42k»~*?&m& ha s recently gone abroad, which ac-
J^a-'^Sal! c °unts for the delay at timss in get-
\ g^i^g^ tingSOTOS/S.
M^Wrmf OnIy t0 be had at
*& SOHOSIS SHOE PARLOR ROYAL SHOE STORE,
m&&S&&&^ 216 POST ST. 50 THIRD ST.
ADVERTTSEMESTS.
*Jffliii.i .:.l^ £an Francisco. Sunday. 14 August, 1904.
ii ii
A man's couch
Leather covering, $25
An uncommon price for a leather couch, ancf one
that should be taken advantage of in a hurry. The
construction is strong and durable, and the interior
strictly sanitary. Plenty of springs to make it com-
fortable, and covered with leather that will last a life-
time. The base and legs are oak, finished golden.
Pedestal hall lamps, with opalescent glass shades.
Odd creations and very effective. In weathered oak
and fumed oak.
(Formerly, the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St.. at Union Square
* -.'¦ .*
SEE PA6ES
40 to 46.
ft BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
to let furnished and unfurnished.
Com housekeeping apartments to let situa-
Jj / TIONS WANTED. HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
/^¦y SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
~ PAGES 40 TO 46 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.Celebrate Manila's Fall.
ST. LOUIS. Aus:- 13. — The anni- I
versary of Manila's fall was observed j
et the exposition to-day, this being
designated Philippine day. For the
first time distinguished American gen
erals and veterans of the Philippine
war met and mingled with their for- i
mer- enemies, -the savage Moros and I
Ygorrotes. i
Republicans Hear George A. Knight
Sneak at Close of Convention.
REDDING, Aug. 13.— The Repub
lican County Convention of Shasta
County assembled to-day and nomi
nated the following delegates to . the
State convention: John J. w Dailey,
Lloyd L. Carter, Fay Donaldson, W. D.
Pratt, F.F.Dustin, A. J. Drynan, J.
Reynolds, George W. Elder. : The ad
ministration of President Roosevelt
.was strongly indorsed. The following
candidates for Supervisor, all incum
bents, were nominated: C. C. Bidwell,
W. W. Fish and William Franck. The
DELEGATES FROM SHASTA.
Trusance could recall only two im
portant incorporations since the open
ing of the fiscal year, that of the
United States Realty Improvement
Company, with a capitalization of
$30,000,000, and that of the Southern
Cotton Crop Company, with a 520,
000,000 capital.
TRENTON, N. J., Aug. 13. — Those
best acquainted with the subject in
the office of Secretary of State Dickin
son say that the large falling off in
the State's receipts from the sale of
corporation charters may be due to
the possibility. that pretty nearly every
industry that can well be formed into
a trust has already been so organized.
But they have not failed to observe
also that up to 1902 there had been
a steady procession of new corpora
tions, large enough to keep the State'!
Income from that source close up to
the half-million mark. Thus the
$200,000 reduction ln the annual
revenue in 1903 and the loss during
the current year of an additional $75.
000 or $80,000 loses none of its sig
nificance as an object lesson on the
apparent falling off of the trust ten
dency.
Secretary Trusance, the head of the
State's corporation charter bureau,
said there- had been a considerable
falling off in the number and .much
more noticeable decline in the re
ceipts. .The State's fee is regulated by
the capitalization, and the figures
show a smaller average capitalization
in the new companies.
Remarkable Explanation Given for
Falling Off of New Jersey's Re
ceipts for Corporate Charters.
LITTLE MATERIAL LEFT
TO ATTRACT THE TRUSTS
The guiltier a man Is the bfggvr tha
lawyer he hires. You can usually teU
the degree of a man's guilt by con
sidering the reputation of the lawyer.
Expert testimony depends upon who
employs the expert.
PALO ALTO. Aug. 13. — Fletcher B.
Wagner, who graduated from Stan
ford in 1903, has been appointed to a
Rhodes scholarship from Indiana.
Mr. Wagner won the Carnot medal
when at Stanford. For two years he
has been at Harvard and has been a
member of two winning debating
teams for that institution — the Har
vard-Yale contest and the Harvard-
Princeton contest.
Fletcher B. Wagner, Winner of Two
Debating Prizes, Wins Another f
Prize,
STANFORD 5IAN WINS
RHODES SCHOLARSHIP
STOCKTON, Aug. 13. — A quiet but
determined revolution was effected in
the Republican politics of San Joaquin
County to-day. George S. Harkness
was displaced as chairman of the
county committee and the legislative
State ticket of the so-called Muenter-
Beardslee faction was put through in
the county convention by a big ma
jority. Frank E. Dunlap goes on the
shelf for the time being, Senator j
iluenter having defeated him ln the
convention by a vote of 151 to 71.
The election of a commltteeman-at
large came next and the friends of
Harkness taking their cue from i.he
vote on Senator withdrew his name
and E. P. Foltz, the- slate candidate,
was given the honor. Foltz stated :
that he was unaware till last evening
that the honor was to come to him.
There had been some talk that in
the interest of harmony Beardslee was
to be withdrawn from the Assembly
fight and the nomination given to for
mer Superior Judge Buck, a promi
nent lawyer, who was looked upon
with favor by the minority, but the
• Muenter people had the votes in the
convention and they completed their
, slate by handing Beardslee the nomi
; nation for inside Assemblyman and
; J. W. Moore for the county district.
i Everything after the vote on Senator
went by acclamation.
The defeated ones have promised
the ticket their hearty support. Com
j paratlvely- few votes at the 'primaries
would have turned the results of to
i day's convention. Muenter is an ener-
I getic campaigner and Beardslee is a
young lawyer, at present City Attor
ney.^ Moore is superintendent of the
I Williams-Bixler ranch at Undine.
i Dr. Harkness had been chairman of
i the county committee for eight years
! and under his administration the party
has been 1 built up and strengthened.
! There has been an almost continuous
I fight against him and to-day his op
¦ ponents landed a knockout. This was
dine ,by careful organization, made
j easier by "dissension and a lack of
vigorous leadership among the de
i feated men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Joaquin Senator Makes
Clean Sweep and Captures
the County Organization
Promotion Committee Entertained.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. IS. — The mem
bers of the California Promotion Com
mittee were entertained this evening
by the citizens. They arrived at 9
o'clock on a special train from Boul
der Creek and were met at the depot
by members of the Board of Trade,
the new Santa Cruz Promotion Com
mittee and Bennett's Concert Band.
Cars were in waiting and the guests
were taken to the Tented City, where
they were assigned tents for the night.
At the Casino a grand reception was
held. The address of welcome was
given by Mayor Clark.
Sp-ecial Dispatch to The CalL
PALO ALTO. Aug. 13.— The point
around which centers the greatest in
terest at Stanford University at the
present time is the new library build
ing which Mrs. Jane L. Stanford is
hav!r.s erected. It is claimed that this
is to be the most complete library
building in America and it will have a
capacity for storing 1.000,000 volumes of
books. The present fine library build
ing was found to be Insufficient for the
growing demands of the university.
When the new . structure Is completed
the present library building will be
come the law library.
The plans for the new building were
drawn by Clinton Day, who was the
architect of the memorial church. The
style is Byzantine, and the cost of the
structure, minus probable decorative
additions, is to be about $600,000. The
material to be used is the buff sand
stone used in the other university
buildings, and the library Is to be of
three stories and basement. The ground
dimensions are a length of 305 feet by
a depth of 194 feet. The facade will be
MUENTER PARTY
IS VICTORIOUS
CHICAGO, Aug. 13. — Thomas Tay
lor, a guard on the South Side Ele
vated Railroad, has received a reward
of S100 from the Wood lawn Bank for
the recovery of a satchel containing
nearly $14,000 lost on a South Side
elevated car.
The valise Is said to have been lost
by a messenger of the bank. Eight
thousand dollars of its contents was,
in gold and the remainder ln bonds
and checks.
Institution Gives $100 to Man Who
Found and Returned Valise
Containing $14,000.
HOXESTY OF TRAIN GUARD
IS REWARDED BY BANK
The Mikado of Japan has. or rather
had. Just one fad. Ha longed to
create, by means of a more carnivorous
diet, a taller race of aoldlers. Small
boys ln Government schools were fed
for six or seven years ln the European
way. They never became reconciled to
It and It disagreed with them. Nor
did they grow any taller than vege
tarian children. The doctors charged
to look after the experimental diet
sent In their report last year. They
could think of no better way for se
curing tall soldiers than by enconrajr*
Ing Japanese to marry Europeans—*
New York Tribune.
The MUcado's One Fad.
convention closed to-night with a
speech by Hon. George A- Knight of
San -Francisco.
The great rotunda, 140 feet in height,
will occupy the center of the building
and will be seventy feet in diameter. It
will be supported by great iron col
umns. On the ground floor the space ln
the rotunda will be used as the gen
eral reading-room.
Probably the finest college gymna
sium in America is under construction
on the Stanford campus. The building
is to cost a half-million dollars and to
be of buff sandstone, three stories in
height, with ground dimensions of 312
xl50 feet, with an addition in the rear
100x200 feet in size. The exterior work
on the building is nearly completed.
especially ornamental and the stone
¦work -will be finely carved. The main
entrances will be at each corner of the
building, and these entrances will be
supported by great pilasters of sand
stone. There will also be entrances at
each side of the building and private
entrances through the front central sec
tion.
VIEWS OF THE PROPOSED NEW
STRUCTURES TO BE ERECTED AT
STANFORD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 14, 1904.
Architects Have in Course of Preparation a Design for a
. Magnificent Structure of Byzantine Style That Will
Have Capacity for More Than One Million Books
STANFORD UNIVERSITY IS TO HAVE THE
GREATEST LIBRARY IN THE COUNTRY
23
• ADVERTISEMENTS. '^
/ ¦ iMIlG 0 Ilull We have sold the lease of this property to Herbert E. Law for the erection of the\
a EDrnEDIPlft Grand Pacific .Hotel. The transaction justifies us in offering our superb stock of Fine 1
B rnLULrulfU . Furnishings at extraordinary reductions. At an early date we shall take possession V
flk r hltw r of our beautiful new store— the largest retail Furniture Establishment west of Chi- I
m tj^j -> Rt '» -* cago— on Ellis street near Market. We now present our exclusive assortment of 1
I ct} STORE I FURNITURE CARPETS \
I f I I DRAPERIES WALLPAPERS 1
M k\ r I -^t unprecedented price concessions. The following list comprises some of the a
jg\ I ||i I ' richest and most beautiful furniture models in our stock. ~ %
I 5T0CKT0N ST. =note our removal sale reductions===^= 1
I I , 111-. -r^afS^ci^^^ 7^^; ln 5 ' kakooa^tt DES nc 1
§3 . ._ I fe=E?^ Pieces: finely carved-*llOO. ronn Doub'e flas. fioora * fAO Gultabl. for Ubrarr: rery «Ub- e— f\ B"
I L -^ -^ .Removal Sate- price 5bUO 9 1« Removal jTl7pric7... K : 598 "*•• « 7 °- . $O0 - \\
£1 • °,f D EWOMSH OAK SZOEBOABD. CABTTTT"P v»m,i **«»«„ BOOZ CASE * t
I V; -i -y fc ss *' - -••"•T450 .^mSm #«sute^« $89 I
1, ">!*-- =• DAviNPORTiifi'AKM'iKAIE. 3UHUBT *4S1B-Ott. «
-Si] l\ ». Mahogany, upholstered ln silk velour. well T^ _w Bxu*flOABD. KJcMy carved. f33. Rcxacml fQ«r I J
m\ V \ l\ "5- *O| constructed and handsomely carv- COO er .,1? E0 '* e , n oaX - 1 n 5!T «** exclu : .^^ Sal. prlc* ....i H>* Lj
1'Sv k \ '~ c^3 «d-*3O<>. Removal Sale price... VJ.J.O |* v ,« J£' !g ™' * 140 " *«MTal CC() HAT KACX—O»k. > 1
j -\ rO> v \ J »^S ..flemish Oak., best movement— CIS A CHAMBER SUIT. moral Sal* price .T «OO H
,'i^ \ \/- Jo V 200 - Removal Sale price *1OU Golden oak 3 pieces. u»eful. dnrabla. at- wirr nrw r '^ , l^Z If
1 /} \ V^y Ci- UAaOOANT GZTtWnw <KiinTr tractive. $114. Removal Salt rQQ TABliB DBSTJC— Fmaed Oak. |i
% CVS \ % "l rS T*f 16 feVt lo?e m^i S. prlce *O«7 Han««om#ly finished: w«ll eon- (OA If
j yf \ Tno^a P ls!leprlcL f:.f.^f;... R f: $115 BAT SAOZ-O.k. -tiwte*. »*£ Removal 8.1. prtoe. *O-4 I
g"m*3(i 'ft ml', S/^- \ \'} *sT* S1DEBOA32 Fine workraanahlp. ornamental carrlnr. ABM CHATTt. [I
5 _-^,,,^--' 1 '¦'-'. r/ \\ '•' Lo Oolden oak. handsomely carved 9115. Removal Sale pric« 57ft Oak: opholstered ln hand bu2*J ttCk I
Sra-'p 0«a,1^ « \ /< j, \\ r exclusive design. $175. Re-P|/\^ "' * ° l*»ther. »30. Removal Sale price. #1H {
K l£0llEM\ St V r>v moval Sale rrice ')IUD CABHfET—Br»M and Onyx. PABXOB CABUfET II
R ' A/, V ¦ I R e m oval riir\ Trimmed with brass. mirror back. BKA8S BI3>. | ]
R " J .-•'•¦---¦ /* > *— — — Sale price. #11 Vf slass shelf. ?9O. Removal Sale COO With bow toot. $3O. Removal #1 g~ j /
I " " \A &x GRANT AVL. "*" I B *" wl " I
1 f />* I ~1 1 Our Entlre Ililie ot Kl««loa-runiltTxro Seduced 18 to 33 per cent. ffl
F ' y , w \ J /rT/cTV Innumcrablg Inducements on every floor. Come prepared for the most sensational fcargalni ever m
1 ' -pV S V — ' m^ : 'f rn '^ : J offered by any store, and remember EVERYTHING is of the exclusive Fredericks standard. M
I j^iS^fe /v \rc- rrr ' ° ° ° ° p — ? -o if
i i \\ \ I V ' ' CARPETS. -UBAPEBXCS. VAXL PAPSBS. ffl
#flWmj V \ \!;\ f E o?t U 4r.r ry or' e c'Sr e^ one who h« Our Bargain Induce- g
W \~\ , I ,\wEi S^ X '"» t 'ana^Unere.? lS' need tor D^erles and nsents Include all the B
Wim "If [fl . \\\W*v \ N eluding the 8m'22J& Le Ce Curtalna should newest FaU designs and B
fflll mfllll I II 11 1 iWvii \' ' trv choicest colorlnx- and most c^ Ttaia » Mould j Papera, M
Bll I n'i^lM P^ca^SefS'th.^cI makeltapolnttoi.spect Wfl Qaote 8everal ™^ I
IMlffn^liillflllllllllilliHllintK \ Ov./i «v *J" ***" Objected to the the many advantages ln tadex to nwil I!
lllllilillliliiilillllllllf- \ -.v .Sj Sts^sjraK S^rZLXSi SJSSSS:-^; I
iFREDERICKS. VS &£&&£ s^r^srs .zezz'zzz 1
¦ " ¦" m '^^ " •.¦*»¦ +mf \^j v^ lownesa. values are remarkable. cent. \\
1 GLACk ° ° — o o o I
I 043*001 KEARNY 51 The Sale begins to-morrow. Don't put off I
8 y Anupj _J~~' com J n S — the best bargains will go first \
: APVERTISE3IENTS.
" ~~ " lln ¦"" T
..Make Your Own Terms.. |
i p We Make aSpscialiy cf Furnishing Flats Complstar^SS
. One dollar per week opens an account. We pay Wm §
j Jg\ freight and carfare. Our terms also apply to Oakland, Wsa I
.*}] Alameda. Berkeley and all the suburbs. .* «* .* ||l|j 8
Dining Table R S n 85? I
Quarter-sawed oak, Beautiful velour J^f- fr °£ I
WgWy polished piano S^&isSf 3t* F SM£
•$fJ£? $12.50 Sp p* $2,50 -SI3J5
ip 1^ | Mirror Chiffonier |22| |
; kjh ' :* 13x40 French Swell serpentine 4fi2!2!2|> |
v\ | plate mirror; solid front; quarter- ijpPlIP 1
l|'fe V S^| oak, weathered, or sawed oak, oval |
\ !; % \ja I mahogany; regu- French plate mir- jp S^§i||? 1
I OvSAX § lar $10.00 value, rot. Reg. $24.00 filp^ljil §
I >v vie special pc nn valuc * qiq nn P^S3^*\ I
t&^^JS ...... ODiUU Special 0! JiUU i^^l g
FURNITURE COMPANY I
r^ 338-342 POST STREET \
Aff* •« fr •« Tiff JJ *"* -JPPIlS^s-^
5uit Like This Made *yf?W
Lo Your Measure for 7^4w
The man who orders one of our 4^^^^^^®^^^^^
mide-to-measure suits and examines the •JI^^^^^^Tt^S?!^^^^
garments is satisfied that he gets full value l^'^^^^^^^x^^^^^^
for his money. He is satisfi? d as to fit,
material, style and workmanship. Through VaU
months of service he continues to be
satisfied, because the garments wear as f S^^^^^^S \.
The suits we make and the prices we !^^8^"S^S
ask are intended to satisfy every customer. lliliiplfeS
Any customer not satisfied can have the f>§lii vEra|!
satisfaction of getting his money back, and §liS-^BpL
The suits we are making to order for .
812.00 are the best you ever saw for the * 5^^-iE®>S^^-w^|
We have hundreds of new fall pat- - K^^-^^^^fe^H
terns to show you, rarging in prices from '^^:-$ : Ri^^fe^P
~ $10.00 to $35.00. No matter* what you d^- : -^f^r^M
want to pay, we have a suit for you at that &§&
Special • |^ a//^ f\tf% '*• /V^ MaH Orders
For Monday and Tuesday only, \^ /v*^f«£^«P^-?&J* Wa UP* Out-of-town customers should
Men's Flannelette Night Shirts, . * * v t « — *-*. v write for self-iaeasaring blank
regular 5Oc values, for 30c. 740 Market Street and Corner and scmples.
¦ PovvslJ end Eddy [ — —— — ¦»— ¦^-1The world owes you a living; but you
owe the world a life.-
.•.¦--¦ ¦'!•' •'•7, ¦,- ',.:¦'- I..',.-' ,¦
ST. LOUIS, Aug. .13.— A marriage
license was .'-granted to-day to W. G.
Humphries of. Colton. bal.. and Miss
Ada>Newell>of Detroit, Mich. . -
Goes ICast for His Bride.
Leaves Mother's Hotise Alone Without
flaking Any Announcement of
Her Destination. •
LONDON, Aug. 13.— Mrs. Florence
Maybrick left Rouen' yesterday alone
and did not announce her destination.
It is said she joined her attorney, Mr.
Hayden, "and sailed on the Red Star
liner Vaderland from Antwerp to-day.
.' -A dispatch to a. news from
Brussels says it is asserted at Antwerp
that Mrs. Maybrick, under; an assumed
name, sailed to-day for America, on
the Vader'.and. -• . V
MRS. BIAYBRICIC DEPARTS
FROM 1IOJIE I\ ROUEN
When Cupid shoots his little dart
Well aimed to pierce a young man's
heart, - ,
It often pierces, sad to tell,
His poor, weak pocketbook as well.
"It was Just a simple cold you had,
wasn't it?"
"No, It must- have been 'la grippe.' "
"Oh, I thought it was just a simple
cold."
"So did I, till I got the doctor's bill
this morning.— Philadelphia Ledger.
Professor von Osten 'affirms that the
horse is as well educated as a boy who
'has gone to school for the same number
of years, and the professor desires that
a commission of specialists be selected
to take the horse under observation for
four weeks. This probably will be done,
with the view of determining whether
the conventional idea is true that ani
mal instinct and human Intelligence
are essentially. different.
The horse, besides adding, subtract
ing, multiplying and dividing- sums,
dots examples Involving several of
those operations, and not only simply
repeats what it is taught, but solves
fresh problems put to him by the ex
aminers in the absence of his master,
showing a grasp of the principles of
arithmetic. The stallion also forms lit
tle sentences, remembers them next day
and discriminates between twelve col
ors and shades and gives their names.
The animal distinguishes musical tones,
indicating where they are situated on
the chromatic scale, and picks out dis
cords, designating which tone to omit
in order td restore harmony. The horse
communicates by a system of hoof
beats representing the alphabet.
Professor Schillings has taken much
interest in displaying the horse's ac
complishments to other scientists. Dr.
Studt says . Herr von Osten would have
been burned; as a wizard in the earlier
¦ages of the world.-, :'" ; ".
/When the exercises are'prolonged the
horse becomes nervous and inattentive.
,and frequently makes mistakes.
BERLIN, Aug. 13.— William von Os
ten, who has for a long time made in
vestigation of the intelligence of ani
mals, has reached results in educating
an Orloff stallion that cause amazement
among scientific men. Some of those
who have tested the mental powers of
the animal are Dr. Studt, the Prussian
Minister of. Education; Professor
George Swelnforther,-the famous Afri
can traveler; Professor Karl Stumpf of
the Berlin University; Herr Schillings,
the naturalist, and Ludwlg Heck, di
rector of the Berlin 1 Zoological Gardens.
"But, son," said the practical mother,
''do you think she will make you a
wise, steady, reliable wife?" "Why.
mothaw!" exclaimed Cholly, "the vewy
ideah! She makes the most de-li-cipus
fudge! Weally!"— Baltimore News.
An "appetizer" really does give a
man an appetite— for more appetizers.
It seems funny, since talk is cheap,
that any one should speak of talk as
"gas."
SOCIETY WILL MAKE
• FUN i FOR CHARITY'S SAKE
Country Fair'Will Be HeW at Uplands
and Smart Set Will Take,.
,.... :; V.^ .-Pajt. -;,-];¦ a -w.
SAN MATE.O.. Aug. 13.-— On Satur
day, September 3, the managers- of \ the
Afinitage Orphanage will hold a Coun
try ftttr at Uplands, the .beaiitlf ulhorae
of Miss Jennie Crocker. . and ; her
brother,"^ Charles Tempieton Crocker,
in this citv.' It will- be a social event
of unusual importance, as the orphan
age is under the patronage of the
most exclusive set in the community,
and the proceeds are to be devoted to
that institution.
. The , entertainment will be . given
under the auspices of the board of
managers of the orphanage, compris
ing the following prominent ladies:
Mrs. A.' C. Tubbs, president; Mrs.
Henry T. Scott, vice president; Mrs. E.
Duplessis Beylard, secretary; Mrs. W.
B. Hooper, treasurer, and Me'sdames
D.. D'rysdale, M. S.Wilson. W. B.
Tevis, J. D. Grant, Francis J. Cairo-*
Ian* George. .Pojje and George Gitabs.
To restrain prayer is to retain care.
Stallion . displays . M$hf al
Powers Equal to Those of
an Ordinary Human Being
HORSE AMAZES
THE SCIENTISTS
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 13.— Peter
Bowden. a y"oung man 2« 'years- old,
was suffocated in a tunnel of the Edi
son Electric Company, in Kern River
Canyon, fourteen miles from Bakers
field, where he was employed, to-day.
The accident was caused by his enter
ing the tunnel too soon after a blast.
Bowden was a stranger here, but had
papers showing that he was a former
scldler of the 1 Fourth United States
Cavalry.
Young Man Enters. Tunnel' Too Sooi>
After Blast and Death
Results.
FORMER SOLDIER IS
SUFFOCATED "IN MINE
REDDING. Aug. 13. — A number of
cattle in Eastern Shasta County have
of late been dying from a disease that
is baffling the veterinary surgeons and
cattlemen. In all of the cases the
lifart of the dead cow weighs three
times that of the normal. E. C. Mc-
Cloud of Round Mountain noticed the
trouble first. The cow. suddenly re
fused to eat and continued for three
days, when death came. The teeth
became loose .and could be pulled out
jcusily with the hand. McCloud
thought the animal suffered from a
disease that was familiar to him and
-he doctored the cow accordingly, with
f>o effect. When the cow died Me
¦Cloud performed an autopsy and was
•eurpiised and somewhat startled to
£ad the heart enlarged nearly three
tiroes its normal size. He weighed It
and the scales registered a little over
thirteen pounds. . The organ could not
be i)!aced in a ten-pound lard bucket
13 cart of Affected Animal Becomes
Abnormally Large and Veter
inarians Are Puzzled.
CATTLE ARK AFFLICTED
BY STRANGE MALADY
Woman Tires of Husband Who Would
, .. ..Not Give- Her a Chance
. . 'to Fight.'
DENVER-,- Aug. 13. — Because How
ard Bryning of Kansas City was too
fend of his wife and acquiesced in
everything she did. Mrs." Bryning has
secured a divorce. • . ¦ •
"My* husband had -no 'backbone,"
said Mrs. Bryning in talking over the
strange reason for a divorce. "When
ever I asked for anything I always got
it without question. There is no satis
faction In that kind of humdrum exist
ence for me."
Mr. Bryning is traveling passenger
agent for the Northern Pacific, with
headquarters in Kansas City.
GETS DIVORCE FROM MAN
BECAUSE OF HIS KINDNESS
DENVER, Aug. 13. — Senator T. M.
Patterson of Colorado has gone to
Navajo Springs to meet the chiefs of
the Ute nation and try to make ar
rangements with them whereby they
will convey to the United States Gov
ernment the tract known as the Mesa
Verde lands and its ancient ruins.
These ruins are of inestimable. value
as prehistoric studies, and the present
movement is the result of an amend
ment to the Indian appropriation bill
which gives the President the right to
negotiate -for the purchase of the
lands and looks to the preservation of
the ruins.'
Colorado Senator Will Make Effort
to Secure Ancient Ruins From
Indians.
LANDS OF UTE NATION
SOUGHT BY GOVERNMENT
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 13.— The
issues between Turkey and the United
States were ' arranged to-day to the
satisfaction of both Government.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13. — There
was some expectation that the State
Department would be able to-day to
announce the successful conclusion of
the negotiations with Turkey look
ing to the prevention of discrimination
against American citizens there. An
answer has been received from tha
Turkish Government which is re
garded as satisfactory, and to make
sure there will be no misunderstand
ing as to the agreement the State De
partment embodies its own construc
tion, of that agreement in the last
chapters of the correspondence. But
there has been some delay in the ex
change of cable messages, so that it is
not expected now that the last word
will be said until Monday. Meanwhile
Admiral Jewell's fleet will remain at
Smyrna, awaiting notice from Minister
Leishman.
It may be said, however, that the
incident is practically closed, with a
victory for the State Department on
all points.
Victory on All Questions
Is Claimed by the State
Department at Washington
Emil F. Hirschfield, Fearing
He Would Become Insane
Slashes Throat With Eazo
NEW YORK, Aug 13. — Eml
Hirschfleld of San Francisco attempt
ed suicide by cutting his throat on th
French line steamship La Tourain
just before she reached her dock fron
Havre to-day. His condition is seri
ous. A note which Hlrachfield hai
written before making the attemp
upon his life said that he Intended t(
commit suicide, but gave no reasoi
for the act. • "
When the liner reached her pier tht
ship's surgeon stated that HirschfieU
was in such a serious condition tha
he would not permit his removal t<
shore hospital.
He said the wounded man had tol<
him that his full name was Emil F
Hirschfleld, that he was a merchant
38 years old and resided at 2239 Sut
ter street, San Francisco. Hirschneli
booked on the La Touralne from Par
is and his fellow passengers say hi
seemed very much depressed durlnj
the entire voyage. He kept muoh t<
himself and was seldom seen excep
at meal times. Previous to sailing H<
Is said to have telegraphed to a broth
er at San Francisco to meet him ii
New York on his arrival here.
Early t,his morning the. occupant o
the cabin adjoining the one occupiec
by Hirschfleld was awakened by i
knocking on the wall. A steward wa;
notified and when the door of his cab
in was opened Hirschfleld was foun<
lying on' the floor, almost unconscjou:
from the loss of blood. A bloodstained
razor was lying by his side.
From a note which the man wishe<
delivered to his brother Albert, it ap
pears that he was haunted by a fea:
of insanity. He had been in ill healtl
for some time.
Emil Hirschfleld is a jeweler. »
recently conducted an establishmen
in the Thu'rlow block, this city. Fo
some years he suffered from insom
nia and other nervous diseases. H
was returning from Paris, where h
went to consult specialists, at the tinr
he attempted to end his life. His agei
¦mother resides in this city->at the ad
dress given in the New York dis
patches.
AGED PRIEST FALLS FROM
WINDOW AND IS KILLED
Ohio Pastor Meets;-. Sadden Dea:
While on Visit to Neighboring
. _ . . Parsonage. . . . .
YQUNGSTOTT^r, Ohio, Aug. 13.-^
Rev.-. Michael Healy, pastor of St
Mary's Church of Tiffin, Ohio, was to
day found . lying unconscious on th
concrete walk between the church an(
parsonage of St. Columba's Church
His skull was fractured and he die<
soon afterward.
Father Healy, who was 81 years old
was a guest at the parsonage. Sonr
time during the night he fell from ;
second-story window.
ANTHRAX HAS APPEARED
AT SAN JOAQUIN CITT
STOCKTON, Aug. 13. — Anthrax ha:
made its appearance at San Joaquii
City, a small place in the lower par
of this county, between Banta and th<
San Joaquin River. ' Already then
have been a number of deaths frorr
the dread disease and the attentiot
Of State Veterinarian Blemer. will b<
called to the condition of affairs.
INCIDENT NOW CLOSED
CONDITION IS SERI0U
Former San Francisco Jev
eler, En Eoute Home Fro]
France, Attempts Suicit
Issues Between. the United
.States and the Sultan Are
Satisfactorily Adjudicated
TURKS' ANSWER
IS ACCEPTABLE
TRIES TO END
LIFE ON LINER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904
24
ADVERTISEMENTS* R
'¦/^m^Mk CURED
I ' M \ ' ! J^m^^^^S^ u ? Iere ls a messa R« ot joy that will
I : M 1 1. jmmm\\\\^^^^L brins eladness to thousands of hearts—
I JH I yWlUflTn 1 llllfi^r»2V that wil1 Slve happiness to those who
1 c iSEl mKkP ,,t)l]$£8s2r nOW sufTer fr °m that grievous affliction
* I ' Hfll #yf* v ,///////«SsS»y —Deafness. It is more than a message
v.1- hSI M$.i/lllUtiMffl&ffm ot hnpe - u is the positive statement of
I 5RS /K//«SP&57hBI/I''7////, It a deii "ite fact. Deafness can indeed be
I^YS WflllWiMlhll'W lfll< SV redl as recent medical and scientific
\'-W WJ mUvmlr 1 " discoveries have proved. The world
,• I'l W/flirrlmff-iBlr moves on in many ways — in knowledge,
I ; « ySmiUBWSSSS^ n Jn in wealth, in poodness — but
1^ * WfcjHIIi&W- 1 * ==¦ greatest of all. in new methods for cur-
. \ -. ." i "C> lnE what were considered incurable dla-
tt • . eases. Day and night the most learned
, u, '. \ "" and skillful physicians arc studying the
H: « \ 5^^^aflf^ "« ' causes and cures of the various ailments
| i V -s TAffa ' that affect the body and sadden the
a ti' \ ¦ *\ f&iBSf heart of man. At last a scholar, more
WM'u* sSS^ ' painstaking or more learned than the
M x \v\W^ ' »*\ i tig • rest, finds the cure that means salvation
lv\V *'' ' "a or countless sufferers.' ; ,
, . %V\\Vv 'i! ' ' tW ' The causes and cure of Deafnens have
X V^ S'l \iiB for vears been daily - studied by Dr.
\XsSS^ Sproule. the eminent English. specialist.
H' s l>€-^rt has often ached over the un-
fortunate lot of the victims of this trou-
ble. The thought of ail. they were de-
prived of. shut off from the world of sound, affected him profoundly.-. He" felt that
his life-work would not be complete unless he could say to the deafV/You* can be
cured." It is now with the deepest .pleasure that he does say It. More than that,
he has proved it, as his grateful patients testify. In the fullness of his sympa-
thy, he offers to all persons afflicted, with drafness
FRfff 8 flfiM^ill TATIflN fioyooreortitrhf
|P |n gsa UUIiOULlnllUll Do , jour eaft throb? , C -/ ;.v
|H_|_ flljn inWIPC Ar<-youe»tirely '.>.•'
BttHnfai ftPJy AUVlut Po your ear* feel fu'Jt
.If you arc deaf, write to him and ho D <"* *«*/*"* ** »««"• «**?•
will examnie your case free of charge llow long Mart yen beta dtnjt
arid give you his opinion and counsel on Are you tcortt in damp ueathtrT
it. He will give you valuable informa- u 0 you hart pain in the eartf
tion In regard to its cure — and he will do nntMm »„_. mni ... ,•- „„„_..... -
it with sincerity and friendliness, slm- Do you hart nouet in yo»r ear. ,
ply because he believes It is a physi- Po yon hear better tn a noisy place F
clan's duty to/ "lend a helping '. hand" Did your deaj 'net* come on gradually T
wherever he can. Do not suffer from Do you have a discharge from either ear ?
merly deaf, bear grateful testimony to Cany* htitrtonv toutds belttr tAon tUurtt
what Dr. Sproule has done for them. *'» your tart ernck when you blow your watt t •
They took advantage of his generous of- Answer the above u-iH«it i,,r< v«« n^
fer/.Now they hear. You can also if and w-rite your rtamea^d address p?IlnH
you will. ' "Write to him at once. on the, dotted lines. Cut out and send tc
¦ n ADyERTISEM EXTS. r ["_ ¦'__'_ "'" ' ' ;
_' ¦ ; '-. .-¦ i«s» a.*/
I , '',-***
¦¦Ml! Ce UtS WOW
Come — as quickly 5s you can. D^ays. are dangerous. As-
sortments are still fine. But are dwindling ;¦ - . . :f ; -; iv- : :
rapidly, and prompt folks wHl reap, the richest rewards. - - ,- • :: -¦••. -..
The Bargains Listed Below Are Surrounded i|l
by Hundreds of Otters That Are J%
Equally Astonishing Jlkmk
FURNISHING GOODS DEPARTMENT - ***
12i4eCaSlat Buttons, while they l«t 5c 25c "Qoctt" Collarr, while they last.. ...... I2jic
$1.03 and 51.25 SWrts, while they last 50c J2#c Handkerchiefs, while they last .:, 5c
$2.50 Pongee Shirts, while they last. $1.65 $1.25 "Cooper" Uncierwear, while it lasts. . . 89c
25c Imported Socks, while they last I2#C 75c Fancy Underwear, while it larts ..... .4 "»c
5Cc rowr-in-Haad Ties, while they last 25c fOc Stick Pins, while they last 19c 1^
25c Black Silk Bows, while they tut ....-.; I2#c 51.25 Monarch Night Shirts, until sold 79c p|
25c Shield Bows, while they last 8^c 75c Night Shirts, while they last..; 59c m
25c Midget Ties, while they last JOc $1.25 Golf Shirts, while they last 69c ESJ
35c Suspenders, while they last I9c 53.50 Fancy Vests, while^ they last..':. $1.95 pi -
HATS AND CAPS TAILORING W^rsd$
52.00 Soft and Stiff Hats, until sold $1.15 $25 and $30 To-Order Suits, until sold $20 «®^HSr
53.00 Soft and Stiif Hats, until sold $1.93 $35 To-Ordcr Suits, while they last...... $26.25
50c Norfolk Caps, while they last 39c $40 To-Order Suits, while thsy last ..... $30
51.00 Up-and-Down Caps 45c 550 To-Order Suits, while they last... $37.50
5750 Panama Hats, while they last ...... $3.95 56.00 Trousers; while they last . ' $4 50
510.00 Panama Hats, while they last $4i95 $8.00 Trousers, while they last ...... ...... .".$6^00 • _ BL J JH^.
KEEP YOUR EYES ON OUR. WINDOWS W^|
1028-1030 MARKET STREET, San Francisco
¦ ' ' • ' ' '- "ADVEKTlSEMEyTS. "V •- - - -"
% We have won out in the greatest commercial battle ever fought. We have shot our carpets Into two- £
'fp thirds of the homes of San Francisco. And victory has been due to low prices, liberal credit and good JS
5fe goods. We have grown till we are now adding another whole floor to our carpet department. To'-day we | j
jL hit the lowest mark of Carpet Price. Com2 to-morrow, if not, come this week sure. M \
S DAri^TAlSJ RDFICQPI C Anew mill. Hall, stair or friH AVIWIWCTED DfT(fC c 9xJ2 csc 5
[j iiUvlVllIn DuUD3CLJ room carpets; elegant de- AAlYliiw 1 Cll i\UU3 are rare copies of rare »
I j ¦—^— i«-^»i— — — »^^— ¦— ¦« signs in small r^l _ tugs. Some are taken • jt
H and large patterns. Selling regularly for 90c the yd. from the Persian. Tabriz and Ccrebend rugs; others from the 9
Ja Now, to introduce it, we* offer it, not laid, for. ....... Lrt/V India ; Afghans, Shiryans and Beloochistans;' still others from M
m - —v— '_L"L_ ~ — ~ a . the French Empire and Medallion and the ff^^fcP'J P 1 !/^ M
W I FFfFSTFfi^HIRF VPIVPT^ ft nC T C Y*f' Louis Quinzcdesigns. Any of these, this / J KM\ ®
U LLlVLJ I ClVJllifvC TCLTDlJ the make of fa- wee k.. . .. *Jb£Lj $ *fjr\# j»
wL trous, soft, high pile velvets in small, deep set designs, f\ n I I \F At PIT HI C patterns advertised. Made of the best JS
&r and in all the colors and color changes of artistic com- 5a J /^ LlrJUlvCUlilj linseed oil and pulverized cork* n M • %¦
bJl bination. Regular $J.25 the yd. This week, not laid vJ' • ¦ ¦¦ ¦ . This week, by the square yard,
AYH1IWCXCDC Luxurious high pile floor coverings. ....... (y
W A A Ililn3 1 C l\J Chosen by our buyers as carefully as you tf»»7 IWAXTIMfiC ; 20-yard rolls. An extra heavy mat- ja
M . . would choose a painting. The very per- $1 ..IJlAl; 1 III lip • "'ting that will wear* "We buy from M
£$ fection of the weaver's and the designer's art. j , ' T the Orient and give rft H
|» $2.00 the yard, Axminsters this week, j^ 1 J "^ them wholesale to you. The 20-yard roll, not |^ Jr %Jj "^
S. TAPESTRY RUGS BS#^^^SB3^^^^^^^^^S^^^^E^^^PM^g^^^^^^^^^^ AXMINSTERRUGS %
values for HhjtfS^HH^« wl wBwiw \«»V vi \ vfiL » i\ V \^ a \V V^^f Wvl^a. xtii 36 in* $1*25 values,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. I B. KATSCHINSKI
I Philadelphia Shoe Co. !
• ! 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
j Adjoining Call Btxildisr.
I SUMMER STYLES I
1 LESS THAN COST I
w Only a few months more to ll
1 wear llghtwelsht Summer Shoes. . f]
H While the season lasts we will If
! I give you genuine bargains, even I
i H better bargains than our atQre is II
i || noted for. Here Is one that has I
f] never been equaled: Ladles' Tan I
j or Black Vicl Kid Lace and But-^ II
j ton Shoes, made with coin toes or It
I tips, circular vamps or straight m
a foxings and flexible sew-ed soles: II
|l low French heels. Cuban heels and B
i B spring heels; all bunched together- H
H at OUK SALE PE1CB . . .S5c g
M Sizes 2H to 6. Widths AJl to>,E. 1|
I FANCY SANDALS |
ll Fancy Dress Sandals sacrificed I]
B to reduce stock: Ladies' Vicl Kid |
! [1 and Patent Leather Strap Sandals-, fj
J made with neat coin toes, beaded H
' n or plain vamps, hand-turned soles. I
! H Cuban or low French heels. Reg- B
II ular 51.50 and $2.00 grades for H
M THIS WIEX OITLT S5c tj
H Sizes 2% to 8. Widths AA to B. ¦
I EXTENSION SOLES I
'P On special sale for Children and B
|n XIisse»: "A durable Boic -Calf L*ce A H
|B Shoo; made with double, extenalon I
j sewed soles, new coin" "toes ancl 11
ii tips, circular vamps and heel fox- I]
I ings- and imitation lac* stays. H
. || Guaranteed for wear and service. |
; H Widths CtoE. M
i H CUT PRICES THI3 WEEK OSLT: 1
Ii Child's sizes, with spring If
IJ heels. 7 to 11 OOc If
IJ Misses' sizes, with low [}
M school heels, 11^ to 2... 81. 15 ij
Patent Kid Oxfords I
tj A new summer style on special ll
I sale this week: Ladles' Patent I
j Leather Kid Oxford Ties, made I
4 with lierhtwelght sewed soles, II
J plain coin toes, circular vamps, If
I tj dull mat kid quarters, dressy Cu- m
i B ban heels and neat patent leather I]
j back stays. The latest fashion for
N dress. Sizes 2U to "«•». Widths
1 B to E. BEDtJCEO PSZCX 7O3B
II this occAsxozr Sl.TO
1 u 0 iQ J . AR.7 - i«9
I MEN'S BARGAINS ' I
I Special sale this week of Men's I
\ Shoes at clean-up prices: Tan or I
I Black Vici Kid and Patent Leather a
I Shoes and Oxfords., made with H
I modern toes and tips, circular i
3 vamps or straight . foxings and £
j Goodyear welted sawed soles. W
1 Many lines of $3.00 and $3. 50 y
1 values bunched together. . OTJK L
1 PRICE TO SILI E7XBY PATS D
|| ' sizes 6 to ii. Widths A to- E. B
I WE SO HOT GUARANTEE TO |1
M TXtt. MATTi O5BEBS O2T |1
*j SALE SSOZ3. t|
B. KATSCHINSKI
: J io thisd ST., - Saa Tixadsaoi fcjBOSTON, Aug. 13. — Mrs. Ada
Richardson, wife of a prominent
: farmer of Methuen, was stabbed to
-death to-day at a lodging-house in the
Eouth End by ' Edward Clark. The
man escaped- £gj
Mrs. Richardson came to "Boston
last night with Clark, who is said to
have been in the employ of the
woman's husband.
Trasedy Follows Trip to Boston-Made
by Wife of a Prominent
Farmer.
WOMAN STABBED TO DEATH
BY E3IPLOYE OP HUSBAND
DENVER. Aug. 13. — Mrs. LeUUa
B. Wright, mother of Irene "Wright of
Pueblo, who was reported one of the
••victims of the Eden wreck, has writ
ten* to a local paper that her daugh
ter was not on the ill-fated train.
Miss Wright, who graduated from
'Stanford University this year, where
she gained. a reputation as a littera
teur, is vat present in Havana, Cuba.
PTJEB^X), Aug. \13. — The corpse of
the woman at the Morgue heretofore
unclaimed has been identified by Nor
man Steffey of Detroit, JMich-./aa his
mother, Mrs. Belle Steffey. All the
bodies recovered from the wreck at
Eden have now been identified.
Mother of Stanford Graduate Says
That Daughter Was Not on
m-Fated Train.
IRENE WRIGHT NOT VICTDI
OF EDEN BRUGGE WRECK
• GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. Aug. 13. —
X special to the Evening Press from
White Hall, Mich, says that "Elijah"
Dowie last night rescued three women
from a watery grave. The women
were sailing, unattended, in a yacht
belonging to George McDonald of Chi
cago, when in the middle of the lake a
heavy puff of wind capsized their
boat.
Dowie saw the accident from the
pliza of Ben MacDhu, his summer
home, and with his son. Gladstone,
ran to his launch and went out
through the heavy waves to the res
cue. He reached the scene just in
Healer and His Son Rescue Three
Women From a Watery
GraTC
•EMJAH" DOWIE PliAYS
THE PART OF A HERO
Secretly Takes Out Automobile to
Entertain Friends and Is Killed
In Upset,
SEW YORK, Aug. 13. — Charles H.
Reilly. employed in an automobile
garage at East Orange, N. J.. was
killed to-day by 'the overturning of a
machine which he had secretly taken
out to entertain a party of friends.
.• Reilly was nig-ht watchman In the
garage and Invited three young men
to go out on a spin. They accepted
and Reilly helped himself to a big
touring car. The machine was run
rapidly to Vailsburg. where Reilly got
'on. the wrong 1 road and turned too
suddenly. Skidding around, the heavy
car turned over and pinned the watch
«ian underneath. He died shortly
afterward.
His companions were arrested on a
charge of larceny preferred by the
owner of the garage.
WATCH5IAX EN" GARAGE
TAKES FATAL XIGHT RIDE
¦ .Anderson declares that porters on the
smaller lines, who are obliged to per
form the work of conductors In connec
tion with their own duties, should re
ceive an advance of $5. or $40 a month.
The ordinary porter, he holds, should
be given $35 a month, Instead of $25.
r*e present salary.
••Freemen. Tet Slaves" will be sent
broadcast through the country, with
editions de luxe for the officials of the
Pullman Company.
In another part cf the booklet Ander
sen points out that on one occasion he
was on practically continuous duty for
114 hours.
. As to tips, Anderson declares that if
it were not for the generosity of travel
ers a porter could not exist.
SpestaJ Dispatch to Th« Call
CHICAGO. Aug. 13.— "Freemen, Tet
Siives Under Abe Lincoln's Son," l»
the. title cf a booklet written by C. F.
Anderson, a. discharged porter of the
Pullman Company, "who Is leading: a
moresient to orranixe 6000 Pullman ear
porters. Th» booklet is an appeal for
better wages. * rearrangement of hours
and a cafteslsf of certain hardships,
•which the -writer declares all porters
endure. Robert T. Lincoln, president of
th% Pullman Company, Is taken severe
ly to t»y¥r for an alleged "lack of con
eldexatloa. tor the men who contribute
ranch to tha servlo© cf the company."
Anderson attributes his dismissal to
the eomrany's belief that he was or
taalrips a union of porters. He de
clares that the organization now being
formed will be a benefit association,
which will appeal rather than demand.
**PublJc sentiment can bring us things
ve -want." Bald Anderson, "and we
«ha!l play for it as hard as we can."
' In a letter to President Lincoln. An
derson wrote:
"Y.ou were elected president of the
¦•Pullman Company at a salary equaling
that of the President of the United
Stales. That being true, we under
stand how hard It must b« for you to
realize how much real suffering men
Jjave to endure who work liko slaves
for the meaner salary of $25 a month.
The thing that now confronts you is
industrial slavery. The situation that
confronted your father was chattel
slavery and right manfully did he deal
"•with it."
Takes President of Concern
. Severely to Task for His
I [ Treatment of Train Hands
7<A\S MJEX ABE SLAVES
IHscharged Pullman Porter
*- dssues Booklet BecitingAl
•..leged Abuses by Company
» _ .
NEGRO SCORES
LINCOLN'S SON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY,SAUGUST 14, 1901
25
THE EMPORIUM. | THE E3II > ORIUM. « | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. •'. | THE EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPORTCM.
Interesting .news tor folks^ who are pr^ ¦-.'.'
NOW Fail OurNew Piaying |[L i mp .-* WM\ \ } Sale of Curtain New Fall
MittinGrv oSSSSLo.. [OoPack W*%Mi/^^ fi5 i S her Veilings
UVSUUUMVB&ti Jf For fai U nearing A nevr ,ot o Tj^f C £/l>P8/ fa/fyf J M £ frfff 25tS Made of selected A^^D^Tf
Rf*adw ompedon J wl Me T ri : wood win a cen- And Belts
W**S€*%*JJ contain illuitrationa of cards - lhe bC5t ;^^ '/^ " <T aJ^ * ExceUent Porto Rko ter Apiece so that' New fall Veiling— By the yard, Ja coabi-
Tdc first of the ne* hats ior fail ** co " e « «yle. >' ct » «ame grade as CALIFORNIA S LARGESTr. jf^MfmtfuaMW** 1 cig.n^th. El Rija- f ram e vtillnot sag, ' •»&« .f icry^Uue .adj-hte, eariaul
, . /•«.._ j our ioc kinii (soms imiMMiWUnMmfMWHiM^^^^^^ ¦ •••¦•-.. ' Ann th r i w(»k ten far • i j n aad wh:tr, hantsr a green and wb:te, goWea
, \ x k r • u • The fewest Drapes— Chaatfflr Iae«
S^itrJ^'SS 1 . b A f We , tr y serve our customers they wi)! return again and again Single^ purchases
the new .hale, of brown, fawn, do not make 2l bie store any more than the first swallow- makes a summer. It is the .constant buying that builds Ab1o DraiCfr _ Po - to Ye51 for M
green, burnt onion, burnt orange, up a business. We rsrc\y lose a customer; jWhen, we do it is probably because of -a mistake, of which we. are not 3 and 4 jirda long, bem«;tthed bcrier.!
«c Some dainty creations ot aware and so have no opportunity to correct it.^ .If; we are ignorant of the fault we should "nat be blamed. Do *" col °"- • • .-• • s u ?% £* s1 zfP
emerald green velvet merle and not keep yOUr Store troubles to yourself— tell them tO US— for^ypur. benefit and for OUrS. . ...: CWrfpnCrepe Drapes- { st?'si.2%
peacocks breasts have received Tell one o! the ifoor svpcrWendcntsi! anylhiiij b wron^ '^ Now 50o Belts— Cnth-A leather
mucn ravoraoie comment during satisfied. Our managers are instructed to return your money;^ if you want it, just as.cheerfull'y 'as we. received it. '• be.u ia au coiora. .hirred tiik jirdlia, 6-Jach
tne past week, trices ot the new Improvements arc the order o! the day in this store. The new. Jewelry department, under the cafe, is one of the handsomest in America. e "?•» hem * tch=d Wt| . "^ effec^
na.s range trom The new Juveni i e department, now being prepared on the secondfloor, will be beautifully carpeted and;furnished and will carry a complete b !* e^ Pe t " de ! a " rl^ tw kUsi
& tS /1A a^. t**%B nn t r . . r . '¦¦ • ... . ¦" . . j r tueats: a large and pretty as*ert- _, 0m
95. OO to $25,00 stock of everything for young people. >, ...•¦-• ,- . , . . . nt . ,u lt . ... .... 50c
Black Taffeta Silk 25c Yard Dress Goods Worth $2.OO at 57c
An Item *" 'tSfiSUb*. Great Silk Sale Among the Many #22;£%, Sale To-Morrow
\ . ¦" . ¦ The renainiaf . piecea «t a maau£ueorer'« ateck, all b«uc good* juat hem tea laoau, tie Toy thiap you win want for fall and wiater w«ar .
These weaves are all new, stylish and popular. The taffeta will be found good for. linings a« ineinded b thia sale bejianinj Mooiay. / . j
and you have never known of taffeta silk being sold before at 25c a> yard. The other , silks are A yand a SS re S atior, of Dress Goods V.lues, an new, ail itairabk, j BI^?^^ rte^ h '^J^ e 'p fbr
» m ¦ valuta from 85c up to Ji.ac the yard.. • Voilea, ZOBuaea, Crapes, Soieiii, rraneilai, Unfreaaed worsteds,
Suitable for almost any purposes that Silks Can be Used for. ; t .-> s*-inch Mixed Tailor Soidaft,- x« eelors. Storm Strses and Norelty WeaTea, b qualitiej that ftt%
Black SHk Taffeta— I9bcheiwide, leu than a thou- gfr mm Shirt Waist Silk* — A limited assortment of wy. neat : dealest, tt 4S-inch EnjUah Twill Serjea, will prow aatiaractory, jard . . . . &1.UU
land yardi; ta corns eviy if you want to get some ofAZ^TjffS pretty fancy OUcs for waits, b nch eoior combination u brown, 46-i->ch Granite Coth. Broadcloth— Very fashionable thii leaaon, theae iteam finished ia net
thia pure silk taffeta at ths abaurdly low aale price. . green and nary grwuda, ' whh fine, pin dats of white and greeni 4»-incn da Beige. . -Jaea. rard " Jl*
SHk Crepe de Chine-A beautiful wfc clinging fibrfc, with an unu- new tad pretty .ilka and good t 5 e Talaej aale pries B**^ 46-meh Paqub TwilL -.¦?«• frcas tmiuea, ymn. *"OO
iual oegree of strength, in a jrand array of coloringt— whits, iror>, Monday and Tnetday, yard «7CPv 45-bch Cream ' Matelasae. PIna Tailor Suitlnjl— 56 bchea wide,b the n«rw iroooth Thibet finith,
crean,, mai^, ecru, tan, mode, champagne, cardinal, cherry. ,ky, Silk Poplin and SHk Rep-A rich, wft luatrow fabric, with a new T ... jf*^/"*,^ f}^^ Gn^f% "^ , " "- " : *>". ****** 7** S1.5O
turqaoise, pink, rote, royal, nary, mle, r«eda, brown,, pearla, fin!th , 0 much d«5red for the dingbg effect neeeasary b up-tonUtc #,Tl Th. M^ M*fMh.Z ?T ?1 *""*? 7*™ . BIIstalrt-A fabric with an all dlk face, raiaed aurface ta printed and
gray tnd bUck-retad, at « 5 c a yard, Monday and fZ^g% garment,; fourteen good colon, including some of the new brown.; «^J^ "» "^¦ftcuiMltpnct, U-. %i d for kimoa^ drettiag MC<pi£ , P tn( l Cf€n
Tae<d *y enl y WC a Sl.eolalue; Monday and Tu«d.y,.yard . B80 ***** M . - 5 7O yard. - \ eapea, y^l . . . . ..... . ... . . . . ... $3. SO
Sale Table Linen* and Bed Coverings c^S^faL Introducing New Fall Styles
ft^^^l Opportune Pre-Conclave Event * n Ladies' Suits and Coats
rP^Wp^H Wid^H Three strong inducements to buy these household necessaries **>s2r \. . r\- c#«
jj^S^W \ff this week: 1st— the goods are desirable and perfect in every way; Ijv^f - Mannish «nd Directolre Elfects
Jj N >\^ F] /-t^^wy— - nc^ — it will probably be some time before prices will.again.be so low; Jl^^S^v We are ready with many beantifol gumentk in the early fall styles » j«
IVV^ \ JW% 3rd— you have ample time to hem and nicely initial the linens be- /^B©K —some of them are decided stJle innovations— all have an air of dis- ,&*>J
a\vSvT i £xg£\ •JWbh fore your visitors to the Conclave arrive, for of course you will /#-*#^2*£/y?«js\. • « v
'%^lj^^L^J^k need extra linens and extra bed clothings-for Conclave time. J//f^^K UDC " VCD€I< - Among thcm " ej *W&
\ \\A\ Dam " k Cloths-Snow white, bordered .round, Wl M^W^M^k Ncw Suits— 1» >&' the picture, very fine all-wool
!i Va^*>w fn\\*i§ig&[=J *"yard», were $z.* 5, thii week," each $1.78 ffi'll#' :? M^>*-:ni C '° th> '*" 3 tunt y short J* ctct » fal1 over 1 — dcmi-vest,
' / % ty\ I 1 & I fTf axa>^ yarda, were #z. 75, thi« week, each S2.18 V ; 1 §'-H X '' ; '^^^^^'^ co^"' cuffs and new full sleeves; the blouie pleated iack and front; £ \
\ /\ \ ' f /X~J{M&ln " niA wcrc *3-=S, thbwcek, e .ch 32.58 plivJl/v^^K^rthe skirt even length and unlined, trimmed with novelty braid, velvet / J 1 jf. .
r^"^ lrish Linen Nipkin.-nnedarnitk attractive design,; all S4 «4 inehes, « d buttons— colors navy, black and brown. The $40.00 dresses ( \
I VI llSS4nfXaI I It tl-71 dozen erade, now SI. 28 |a.7C dozen rrade, now $2.18 i ttwL^Ss; ':•••••- -^5v , ., , •« vvv i. W. I 1
A A M BUfBHlIf '••«• d °" n *"*> DW SMS 14-50 dozen srade,' now $3.28 1$SM^*^ " **" W " eV " 7WhCrC " C D ° **"" thlD C %"1^N \
\ /I l«J®i'JQ^^S'fc Hemstitched German Cloths— Pearl bleached, pretty patternsi H^ I iS^^^IVr^l priced to open the scajon . . . .< ' . $35.00 ,1-1
/ I #| YSi^^Wur Iio^Ve S^6c T v^«1hi.T«k « ±i'nl " K«^ 19 N « v Autumn Tailored Suit-Of all-wool fancy worsted, (manni.h fr* \\ , %
/ t'. // \ WyjffMlg/ I Y> 8-12 ilzeJs 00 value, this week $2.48 W.^'X^zl \ effects), has 36-inch, fitted back coat.hned throughout with fine quality /•! H .£
/ \h *£..~1 VAySSPTy^ Hemstitched Napkins-German Iben, were $».» S doa., now Sl.68 fc& -'Wl A "tin lining; has the new full sleeves, collar and cuffs ot velvet and ft J 1
A • I " Tea C«oths-3« 3 * bchea, amall lot only, each . . . . 380 \?M ¦¦'¦ 8 Borclty braid; kilt pleated unlined even length skirt; t value snch as tft A
S2-"^^^" \ TrayandCarvlnsao»hs-^e«Htiroldamaak,Tal«iupto4se,thliweek,eaehaao pvj> : - " V* only the Emporium can boait of at the introductory price. fM _ fflt
<- *»-.l5ss^' Small Lots— Fine cloths and napkins and hemstitched sets, some \' ¦ ¦"¦ \ il Tonrlst Coot SvttS — Made of mannish worsted material, in dark /*j>n 1 1. _ tj
slightly soiled, io be closed out during this sale at the limn counter. ]!f'a*.*; ' ' *• || tnd "medium mixtures; coat 36 inches long, pitch pocket, strapped
Buy Bedding Now Sheets-Pillow Cases - ll-^'- It btck ' * ndt 9 gore cvca 1*1**™ pl . eatedgk^' fo / $*7.50 and . $15.00
We offer fine snd medium blankets, some slightly Double Bed Sheet.-* »„ bchea, m bleached andheary, -.,- W^K Wk "°* *"?* Cojte-L*e ai»«t««i. made of black twJl chenot. ¦ fall 4*
stained in mannfactnre vnced withont r<.».rd rrf .n* dozea to be sold this week at less than the e«t of ffV-*. feri^ -K»- loDg ' IoMC btck wlth »tr«p» turned back cuffs, fly front, no hmnj—
reaWalaeonhLe fade's. material, each. . 57C '/ "giii^: 'll • mtn-ttilored coat worth J I o.oo. now bebg introduced by the hi*
Fine Vhite Blankets -California make, twelre-onarter alze, 7 lbs -^ d S1 ?eets- 54x90 locka, the aame {ood JW&lf* £&'¦ ' : 'M ! "^ 4 \>Rs. "' ; $7m5O
uc; s htj instead of $7. 50 pair, no* $5.73 ' * * ' * * -*' * " -r**2%M M\h ¦ J, [, - W-\\W^V New Sateen Waists— Received Uat Friday— the new«t tncdela for faU, made of •uperior
Good Vhite BUnktts— Oregon wool, jlxSa Jnchti, fully 5 Ibi Pi'low Cases— Not tji* peer grade, but a aturdy bleached caainj; /Mjft ' s : I '• ¦ \ mercerized black »ateen (tl*o black with white polka doa), pleated back and front, adjuiubls
weight; now, pair -. .$4.45 ill of them 45x36 inches— /fflih' 'i fa - '' Wlj *\^5«£i/ • tock » T ery nothbf aldmpei «r stbted about these waists except the price-
White Lamb's Wool Blankets— Fine quality, full aize, a imall lot In plain make; now, each, ... . . tOO vMfM '«-'Vfljlft \ % ¦ • vfttt^'^S^Wi "^ £f 9?
onlyof thete I5.00 rood*, pair $3.88 In hemititched makej now, each . . 12C \i.fi'f.\\ Wllm- j ' \ft\wl '^X^y • V**fc**
Blanket, for Babies' Cribs-Fbeat wool, full 36x48 bche S b- Comforters-In dozen, of t rade. and atyteaj all white S10a S and f-' ••"|SK^B>^ $IIk Dr *P "Irts-Of fin. quality black. taffeU aCk, full and wide demi-trab, prettily
itead of $z. 50 pair, thii week SI mQ5 carefully made— at tempting prices. flounced, all ready to adjust to your dresa, Emporhim pricea $5 and $6
' -'. +*r> - - ¦ ¦• • ¦ -
New Fall ¦ • . ,..¦•¦.¦:., • • Knit Petticoats,
Knit Underwear I _ . - - _ • " \ „•¦ ' Shawls, Sweaters
Embroidery Sale, Beginning Monday. jnK^SS :-
tian cotton, the ramoui "Merode" make IT w S mm^^ 1 B '— M. #'\-«».^-^L».>v ' *^M _-. B Jf — flfjaF IW> g^ white, pink and whhe, blue and white,
-rt,:, high neck, long or short d«ve.; IT U BB G %Jli^SltSGS StY MrnGSS^jNtsSSit FS 'Stiff £"FBGG Iaveudrr and whits,^/-5O t=> 52.5O
panta and tighta knee or ankle length: . .. . *.- - - . - . , «. . ¦. Sauare and Circular Shawls Ice woo! all
cream color, garment. ..... BOO '^^T^'$\i£^^^^'^^ whhe and all black and b ccmbbation. of
UnioTlulU-Jeraey 'ribbed, Egypdar, cotto? ?8t3wo|&^^ " Breakfut ShVwU-I^prttty pSda, checks
.U «j-lea, cream color, "Merode" make *S+&£*'Z l £&A&z£&*Z i^^ «* «>" « ta " - ¦ \ BOO to $7.3O
•« lt - 91.15 ~~~ y>mr~- -m*w<*r- -i_j»uhp xr| *'"*^ ¦w>up» nurit " r **«•»»¦'- i_ 1 . iu u nmm -»i»* . Children's Knit Petticoats— Cotton, with
Union Suits — 5^ wool, jersey ribbed, high c^_ iU • • . . . .. , . . . , . . ., . ', , , « . " . », . " • . •« . ' « .. # .. ihoulder atrapi, b aolid and combination
neck, long sleeves, battened down front, • F ? r thls sale our buver has secured a particularly choice and beautiful lot of Swiss and Nainsook embroideries,, produced by one of the color%t liica / t ' o 5t ACC0T n ng t o size. . .
colon natural or white, the "Dorothy" most reliable manufacturers of St. Gall. There are all kinds of embroideries offered at special sale. In most instances the materials upon 25o, 35o, 42c, 50o, 60c
ciT*^' ilrit " -S1.5O which the patterns are worked are coarse and the patterns themselves are large and flashy. Not so with the embroideries we are going to Women's Knit Petticoats— Cotton hbbed,
ribbed «Vcta n "Mi I o e rTcream tlSh bk S | V k 5 P lace on sale th is week. The patterns of these are worked. on the finest and sheerest of Swisses and Nainsooks, small, dainty designs, fitted yoke with draw .^ -• • • ? •
and black, the |i, 75 euaiitj' per' gar- one °^ wni ch our artist has attempted to reproduce in the illustration.. Among the patterns are the new Fleur de Lis, Lover Knots, Fan, Women '; W oo! knitted I pettutoat/— S
ment .'.$i m 25 Teneriffe and dot and ring effects, with insertions to match. ,. ,. .. .-..¦ ¦ ? • ¦ • mmy patterns and designs, new stock ...
c **. hm " e T ,. w 1 ° o1 Vests— imported Swi« The 15,000 yards which comprise this lot have been divided into three portions and will go on special sale, beginning Monday, at less • • • $1*25 to $2.25
jSh'aedS^.hort'lwr^^^SJlfS than hal! refutar. prices. Widths range.from 2 to 9 inches, with insertions to match. *'»JJ^ 0 s Io^ lUtled "£%
Low neck,' no alee vei. .' '. '. SUOO ISO Sty/CS Wiii bo 7o yard- 25c Styles Will bB 13C yard Worn«n-V n Sweaters*--Wlth ale^re*, "fancy
Colon, cream, natural, pbk, tky and b!ack. .' 45O StylBS Wlil bO 21 C y3i*d weaw and color* . $1.73 to SB.OO
"ZJUST' SB'** Single Pieces and Odd Sets Furniture He N w ew r r^ c m % a s
Gas stovu-New ttyic ptcut doubk flame This \s the kind.of furniture that housekeepers- delight in;, the kind that lasts for years; the kind we ordi- Another exprcr* shipment arrived uatFdday,
turner, full nickel plated, fitted with braa .. n^rilV SSVe VOU 20 Der Cent On From tho^P loW ¦ rrif eS We nOW make I "¦I" illlll Illlll which bdades many new styles bUees and
lever faucet, a bnmcr., »!U frame, ioxao Udl liy bdVC yUU _ ta U pel CC U UU. -Tl U1II UlUbL 1UW ILf b \\ C UU W lIldK^. _^^^^B^^j[ trimmbgs; among them the moK desired
bchc., rrguiariy Js.oo each, Mondar iT&Si I ' adaitlOnal dlSCOUnt OT from 2^ tO 40 per Cent. Read the liSt: ""^^J^^^^^^H Oriental, Pobt de Lierre and Venire edj-
@shipment-but Now $4.15 Now $9.15 Now S5.35 Now $36.20 Now $36.95
th ll J^l $^.50 Divan for.... .....^$19.35, : $7 W Green Oak labour ctte. $4^0: $1.35 Costumcrs. no^ ...... -.8oc $98.00 Sideboard (G. Oak). :$6 4 .oo „ , J? L«5fcLno?c"
make much $50.00 Parlor -Suit.".... $36.20 * $13.50 Rush Seat Chair: ;... .%$q.i.s $15.00 Dressing Table.. ..... .$9.65 $n.so Green Oak Chair $7.25 nOmiCal MOUSeKeeperS.
difference in $32.50 Divan for .......... ..$37.80- $ I2 . S0 Rush Seat' Rocker. :. '.$9.15 $27.50 Bedroom Suit. ...... .$18.90 Green Oak Chair.... ..$5.40 Choice eatables and drink"
whrfX' IS^Div^r^^lpi^ I^SjSp^Ji^ 0 5 oBedrop m Suit,.......$, 7 . 5 o ab l eS at Very Special prices
wnerc reirig- $6>5O Upholstered Rockers... .^^is $12.50 Rush Seat Chair. .... .$9.15 $4.00 Wood Bed for $2.qo . $T.3S Oak Tabourctte .'...."... gsc MnAdav and TuesdaV
erttori are $ 50 .oo Card Table...... ........ $37.85 S^S^W.Oak Rocker... .,..$9.15 $42.50 Brass Crib for:....;:$3o.8 5 $2.7!centcr Tables, now... $1.78 mui V d y anu "«udy.
needed all the $75 Combination Folding Bed.. $63.75 - $1350 W. Oak- Chair v .$9-i5 $35.60^ Brass Crib. for. ..: .:. .$33.50 $5.00 Fancy Chairs for.: $3.15 Hams— Best Eattern.sajar cured,D>. 13}4o
year round — $^ Combination Folding Bed.. $68.00 $10.00 . W. Oak Rocker. .... .-.$740 $15 Weathered Oak Rocker. .$0.65 $t Fancy Chairs ...$9.35 lullan Olive Oil— Gen«la» imported, be«
the laree sizes $48:50 Combination FoIding:Bed. $16.50 W* Oak -Rocker, .v. . . $11.10 $23.50 Extension Table... ..$16^5- $18.00 Library Table.. . .....$13.75 ,ualiry, 8 allon . SS.9O
» J A ••••••••••; >; V i..........i;.l4XJOJ $12.50 W. Oak Rocker....... $7.40 $27.00 Extensipn Table. .. ..$19.50 $3.75 Maple Cribs :....:..;. $3.15 Half gallon tin 99o
it extra spec- $43.50 Combination Foldinjf Bed # • '$12.50 W." Oak Chair:....... $7.40 $20.00 Extcnsibn Table...... $14.65- $12.50 Piario -Bench..:. 1 . $7*5 Ovstcrs-ExtraVTi fo tias!0cid O a.5|.O8
ial prices to .,..-.;. ....... ...,...$36.95; $15.00, W.. Oak Chair. ....$9.80 $16.50 Extension Table.... .$11.75 $8.50 Steel Couch for....... $6.50 r^l^TT inn
cloae out. $2400 Library or Den Table... $16.15 $1.00 Plate, Racks for......:.. 55c $62.50 China Cabinet....: ...$41.00 . $7.50 Lady's Desk, now..... $5.35 Baiters tocoa- Half ib. tin ... ZOO
Strictly high grade, hardwood,—- — • _i__- — - - : "• -'• • ¦ - • _ Seaps-Campbell-. or W.G.M.,doa. QSc
g;|^is|gi Sanford Tapestry Carpet $t.00 Sale Novelty Lace Curtains £<^^:^.*£
is « partial list of the prices begin- &ff ng * nn T 2* nc*1*t— *m C*~*m*ne*i 4±1 1ft NovcftyLaccCvrlains— Arabian colored",.. Renaissance .insertion and zinfandtl-Oaret or SauUmt-Eitra t cod
ning Monday. I eSp&SMFy ipttrp&W & i . MU edge, good quality nettin 2 ,' 48 inches wide— . . .. . ..;-MV: table jaiion. 59o
For 140 Ibi. of ice . $16.83 ' • Where else can you bay these 'standard makes of 1 o- wire 1 tapestry .Rrnssels ' lOOpairs worth $2.00 for, pair •'. . . $1.49 Whiskey— R. B.- HayJen or National Qub,
lZ™£'«£:.Vtii9O- P et,.tthe.tboveprice,r-Weknowofno : .tor^^t^^^ ¦• ;,/ 75;pairs worth $2.75 for,: pair . s . . . , . $1.79 Alc^l'-Belt iJ^M ",i ' ' 78o
For 4 olbi.ofke. ..$9.35 $i. io tnd $ |^o r per yard ; respectively. The , new patterns are now - Madras. Striped CvrialnS— Green, red and rose colored Stripes, cream UtooU O fn<er Ale-B-st Dcm^ dos . .
For30lba.of.cr. ..57.O5 arriving,, and every good pattern that ism.de will be shown here. : : You ground^suitablc forcurtains or over: drapery— " . -^ . . F . .' . 5 $ 1mOB
100 Chests choose from .ll oar /patterns, not 'three.or four selected- one,/, nd our 1 M<1 - 2 , 0 ? P airs . w^ f-25 for.pair . . y*2o ] Keller WhUkey- Sp rin S
zoxitxts \nchtt (ot. . .S8.9D • ' **m m% -m *><• *r% \m Madras Stripe Goods— Forty inches wide, green, red, blue and pink p;ymouthG'.n-C;at:f, bottle. .. 92o
3oj£«8#«s icchts for . $7.85 P Mcei trc * • * "*. v • \ • • • '.vlmUU atttl SimiO Jftl stripes,- for draperies and curtains; regularly, 2pc yard, for-. 14c Cherries in Maraschino-pt. bottles. 330stall in the building.
PORTLAND, Aug. 12.— A commit
tee representing the State of Califor
nia, including Governor Pardee, C. H.
Markham, general manager of. the
Southern Pacific Company; William
F. Herrin, chief counsel for the South
ern Pacific; R. P. Schwerin, vice pres
ident and general manager of the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company; J. O.
Hayes, editor, of the San Jose Mer
cury; Alfred Holnian, editor of the
Sacramento Record; J. W. Byrnes and
William Sproule of San Francisco and
Robert Devlin of . Sacramento, arrived
in Portland yesterday.
They will look over .the plans- and
prospects of the Lewis and Clark Ex
position,' which is to be held in this
city next year, select a site and ar
range for. California's building at the
exposition and do some of the pre
liminary .work connected with the ex
hibit which. the Golden State will in-
PORTIiAXD ENTERTAINS
PROMINENT CAL.I1;X>RNIANS
Canada's wheat crop this year prom
ises to exceed that of 1903 by about 30,
000,000 bushels. This is a big increase
and, with no abatement likely in suc
ceeding years, it is easy to be seen
what a formidable wheat producing
and exporting competitor the great
Canadian Northwest . has become and
is becoming. It could now, if need
were, feed the mother country all by
itself, leaving the United States out of
the question, though it Is not likely to
Cannda's Bis Wheat Crop.
be drawn on to that exclusive extent.
But the territory stands for erne of the
greatest grain producing regions in the
whole story of the world, old or new.
Its edges hardly scratched yet and it
will have its share in determining: the
course of empire and development as
the years and centuries go on, till its
background of production is as old as
Egypt's and its horn of abundance
filled and emptied with an equally con
tinuing regularity.— New York Trib
une.
Deposits were increased $2,919,100,
with the resulting gain in surplus re
serve to $57,731,475, the highest in
six years. The loans were expanded
$1,014,500, probably reflecting com
mission house and syndicate borrow
ing.
The daily average of clearings last
week was $165,000,000, or $5,000,000
less than In the previous week: the
clearings on Saturday, reflecting Fri
day's business, $198,629,679, or much
above the average.
With such an enormous surplus re
serve as that shown by the statement
on the eve of the.season!s usual re
quirements for money for the crop
movement and %vith the prospect of an
increase in this surplus in the imme
diate future as the result of receipts of
gold from Australia, Japan, the Klon
dike and from domestic fields, in ex
cess of the withdrawals of gold for do
mestic fields in. excess of withdrawals
or gold for export to Cuba and pos
sibly to Europe, it would seem that
there is little prospect for relief from
money congestion at this center* for
the present, at least. •
NEW YORK, Aug. 13. — The Finan
cier this week says:
The official statement of the New
York Associated Banks last week
showed a gain in the cash reserve
nearly equal to the amount which was
estimated from the traceable move
ments of money during the week, the
net increase in cash as reported in the
statement being $2,152,400, while the
estimates called for a gain of $3,187,
500. There was an increase of $3,6St>,
700 in specie. Inasmuch as the aver
ages of the exports of gold coin to
Cuba in the week, which were one
and a quarter millions, were offset by
more than two and three-quarter mil
lions receipts from Australia and
other sources, it would appear that
the difference between the net result
ing from these movements and the
amount of increase in specie reported
in the statement was due to the bring
ing over of average gains in this item
from the previous week.
Report of Associated Banks Shows a
Large Increase.
GAIX IX CASII RESERVE.
vanced \i and the new fours % per
cent on call during the week. .
Railroad earnings as reported show
an average improvement and the.Har
riman lines have been the subject of
special activity, and strength, appar
ently based on the good June net
earnings.
The demand for bonds has some
what revived and prices have general
ly advanced. '
United States' old fours have ad-
The Influence In the iron and steel
trade has been less reassuring and the
heaviness, of the stocks of campanies
in that trade has been something of a
drag on the market. Fears of a dls-,
ruptlon of the v pools for maintaining
prices of finished products have been
the unfavorable factor. Labor condi
tions continue unsettled and are the
cause of an undercurrent > of uneasi
ness in the stock market-
Conditions In the exchange market
have hovered near the gold export
point and engagements for shipment
to London have been several times
made and then canceled. The factor
has been the needs of the London
money market and the redundancy of
our own money market. . With gold
flowing into San Francisco, both from
Japan and Australia, and with an
early prospect of a supply of cotton
bills in the exchange market, the gold
export question has aroused little in
terest in the stock market and has hot
affected the extreme ease of the local
money market at all.
In the case of corn the threatened
shortage of wheat in Europe and the
small exportable surplus here Indi
cate a largely increased demand for
corn for foreign account, with corre
sponding benefits in the sale of our
large crop. Business sentiment has
improved correspondingly.
actual disaster to the crop. The weekly
bulletin of the Weather Bureau on
Tuesday, covering conditions of the
preceding week, did not prove soothins
to hhe fears for that crop. But the
monthly report of the Agricultural De
partment worked a decided change in
sentiment In the stock market, and
even the renewed jump in the wheat
market did not entirely remove the as
surance caused by that report. Al
though the condition there reported
dated back to August 1, before much of
the alleged harm had been done to
wheat. It was felt that the August 1
condition, with its indication of nearly
606,000.000 bushels, impeached the cred
ulity of the extreme estimates of the
later damage done. The action of the
wheat market itself was attributed In
large part to excess of speculation and
to- technical conditions in the imme
diate supply available in the markets ¦
The most favorable auguries were'
drawn from the Government report on
the corn and cotton crops. Present,
conditions in' these crops are felt to
warrant an assumption of a bumper
yield for both, and this assumption Is
likely to form the estimate of these
crops so long as no deleterious effect
upon them is reported in the news. Be
sides the encouragement of abundant
crops of these two great staple prod
ucts very hopeful views are held of the
chances for a profitable market for
them in the coining season. The firm
ness with which the prices are held, in
face of the brilliant prospects for these
crops, is attributed to this promise.
The low price of cotton the world over,
due to the discouragement of buyers by
the recent high prices, is held as an
inducement to replenish stocks.
DEMAND FOR CORN.
The excited speculation in this group
of stocks had some sympathetic effect
on the general market, In the face of
the disturbing effect of the wild up
ward flight of the price of wheat and
the damage reports of sprinj^JtlWat by
rust, which carried an Impression of
EXCITED SPECULATION.
The bank statement was of small in
fluence, although the cash gain failed
to come up to the estimates on account,
it is believed, of the remittances to
Cuba, which complicated the showing.
The surplus reserve now stands at §uch
a high level that the degree of influence
is of little moment. A little realizing
in the final dealings under cover of an
alvance In Sugar made the closing
slightly irregular.
•Total sales of bonds, par value, 51,
065,000.
The stock speculation of the week has
been more active and has shown great
er activity, and the broadening ten
dency of the speculation has increased
as the week progressed. Crop prospects
have held the chief attention of opera
tors, and the conflict of views on that
subject and the divergent outlook for
different cross have been reflected in
the confused tendencies in the mover
ment of prices.
Early in the week, when the impend
ing Government crop report induced. a
waiting attitude toward the granger
stocks, there was a furious speculation
diverted into a group of industrials
and such realties, notably the Metro
politan traction stocks, which made
sensational advances and led the mar
ket in point of activity for several
days. Many rumors flooded the street
as to the project in contemplation for
the control of the companies involved,
but no official or authoritative an
nouncements were given out to war
rant entire credence in any of them.
The belief is very generally held, how
ever, that plans are working out for
unifying the control and combining
the operation of the surface, elevated
and subway traction facilities of the
city of New York. Some credence is
given to the further rumors of the in
clusion of the Brooklyn Transit and
New Jersey trolley companies in the
plans, thus involving a comprehensive
control of all the traction facilities In
the city and in the suburban neighbor
hood.
FALLS BELOW ESTIMATE.
NEW YORK, Augr. 13.— The strength
in to-day's stock market was marked,
but was largely In sympathy with the
active movement in a few prominent
stocks. The most Important radiating
center was United States Steel pre
ferred, which rose aggressively above
60 on an urgent demand, in which an
uncovered short interest was believed
to play an important part. This stock
was influenced by reports that the dis
put in the trade over the price of steel
billets had been settled and the danger
of a disruption of that and other pools
thus avoided. It was rumored that this
had been effected by the purchase of
the Youngstown plant of the Republic
Iron and Steel Company, but there was
no verification of this rumor.
Pennsylvania and its subsidiary
stocks and the soft coal group felt the
sympathetic benefit of the movement
in United States Steel preferred, espe
cially owing to the large part played
in their traffic by iron and steel and
the materials for their production. In
the early morning there was some evi
dence of realizing in the Pacifies, and
this caused some hesitation in the gen
eral list. The occasional pressure of
profit taking in Metropolitan Securities
had the same effect. "When Southern
Pacific broke through its restraint and
rose above 56 the whole" market took
on a more assuring tone.
Union Pacific did not move In com
pany with its subsidiary stock, and the
Western stocks generally were inclined
to hang back, except Atchison, which
came forward vigorously to 81.
Though. Views Conflict, the
Crop Prospects Hold the
Operators' Chief Attention
SPECULATION IS ACTIVE
Movement in Steel Stock Is
Believed to Have Played an
Important Part in Deals
MARKET SHOWS
MORE STRENGTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904.
26
¦ " ADVERTISEMENTS. r : "
DHHnHHHnHHnHaanEaHHHHSBnnnnDaaaDgaananaEnaaai!
[RUPTURE CURED I
B . * 9
¦ ----- . ¦ \ v
¦ ; Our cure is safe, tcrtain and practically painless. Age make3 O
O no difference. We have cured cases ranging in age from 5 to So years. B
g Here is One: v>, ' n
H. „_ ' , ' ', ' San Francisco, Cal., July 24; 1904. 5
O Our little daughter was ruptured at the age of 3 $4 years and gj
B grew steadily worse. When she was 10 years .old we placed her a
¦ under your care and at. the end of seven treatments. she was perma- ¦
g nently cured. She is now very active, running and jumping with- ¦
S out pain or inconvenience.- I believe your treatment will cure any "
m rupture that can be held by a truss." >'N Jj
g E. G. HURSCH. 3<&8 Twentieth street, San Francisco., S
B Miss Hufsch received her last treatment June 13, 1903. ' £}
g WE CAN CURE YOU. -*,* ; g
I FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE f
§ 1344 Market SL, San Francisco g
Q»lllBllHIlllIllllUI»IlIll|||||| nnil |i|B
ADyERTISEaiEXTS.
"I write to let you know bow I appreciate your
Cascarets. I commenced taking them last Move m-
ber and took two ten cent boxes and pas«ed a tape-
worm 14 ft. long. Then I commenced takine them
again and Wednesday, April 4th. 1 r<as»e<l another
tape worm 28 ft. long and or»r a tnonsand riaall
worm*. PreYioa* to my taking Caxcarets I didn't
know I had a tape-worm. Talways had a small
appetite."
Wm. F. Brown, 184 Franklin St.; Brooklyn, N. T.
ao ,]& Th** Dowels '•
CANDY CATHARTIC iflrt^
P» 1 »J»ol«. Potent, Taste Good. Do Qoofl.
iVf 8 i. c^? n ' k * n or Gripe. 10c. 25e,S0c.NeTer
sold in bulk. The cennlne tablet stamped OCC.
Utiaranteed to cure or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 594
AHHUALSALE.TEH MILLION BOXES
e^teMFNS
uJRSzF^Jt* Ll ' CUBED
\s5§kl<^S OHt y F"S Quickly and new
US jj j| % Ufa and energy
III developed "in" the
85^^T*»' J -*-"-A * i - * ge<1 * as wei1 **
1*5 Pp- '''r--\ fc i young men, by our
3? /^ ' jjpgg Perfected Vacuum
5? l--"*\ •• 'Treatment. Also
•^ r f\ "» n,OE speedily cures all
,'1L' f ' ,-l »';? «X!t* drains. Varlcocele,
JO i^-~ / V " 8S 0 * Stricture. Prema-
1^ Tft-* tSzO ture I>ecay, Pros-
22 II . B ti^aJ tatla Enlargement,
k*-i W 1 » f *UJ etc.. etc. We want
th ¦ X. • »3i every WEAK or
*t^ & HI , *tw UNDEVELOPED
t&k c ' ' tlk 2>Q X1AN> to cail and
;¦•..-««;;.; >*• Investigate-.', our
treatment and xet a copy of our Illustrated
book. free. Books given out only at our office.
We are known to be strictly reliable special-
ists and CUTtE ALL DISEASES OF MEN by
modern roetho/Js. • Consultation, examination
and demonstration free. • Call Immediately;
Hours: 0 to 9; Sundays. 10 to 1.' IMPROVED
VACUUM CO.. C OTarrell St.. San Francisco.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
HP 11 ™^ A " J pq R N , A lj
H LIMITED TO CHICAGO M
lj LEAVES MONDAYS* and THURSDAYS 1
Mat O:3O a. m~ throagrh In 3 dayi.ra
pi with diner and all trappiay*. B
Other Santa 7a Train* i
o-lo U" S" I for Stockton. Fresno. Bak«rsileld.
8:W Z.m.) Merced. Hanlord and Vlaalla.
4 :C0 p. m. for Stockton.
6:C0 p. m. tor Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. ana
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South Plrct St^
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LE3SS3E3
SAN f PAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAixWAY COMFAXT.
Tlburoa rerxy, 7oot or Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAW BArAZXi.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. i':20. 3:40, 5:10. 6:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.{ 1:50,
2:30, 3:40, 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAM RAFAEL TO SAW FBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — o:05, 6:50. 7:35, 7:50. 8:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:(K>. 3:40. 6:00, ft:2t,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— « :50, 7:35, 9:20, 11:15 a, ra. : 1:43
3:40. 4; 50. 6:00. C:SO. 6:25. 7:60 p. m,
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I ArMve
Ean Fran. | May 1. 1904. | Ean Fran.
Week I Sun- | Destlna- I Bun- I Week
Days. I days. | tion. | days. | Days.
7:30a ' 7:45a 7:45a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Irnado 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a 7:48a
8:COa 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 pi 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
I 5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 a 110:20 a|10:20 a
8:00al 6:00a Fulton. ]7:25pl6:20p
2:30 p| 2:30 p | 8:45 pf 7:23 p
Windsor.
7:50 a 7:30 a Healdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Ceyservllle. 7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 aJ 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. ( 7:25 p| 7:23 p
~ j j WHlits. 1 j
7:30 a! 7:30 af Sherwood. | 7:25 pf 7:25 p
«:00a| 8:00 al Guernevllle and 1.0:20 al 10:20 a
2;30pl 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00a 8:00 a I I 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10p (•:30a| Sonoma. (6:00p[6:20p
I 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 8:45 p]
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pt 2:30 pi Sebastopol. I 7:25 pf 6:20 p
tiTAUKS connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs: at
Fulton lor Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton fjr
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggi
epriegs; at Cloverdale far the Geysers, Boone-
ville »nci Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
fcprinee. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
b*d Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Spring*: « Uklah for Vichy Springs, Earatos%
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
burins*. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley
J^nn Day's Riverside Llerley-a. Bucknell' s ;
fcanhedrin Helsbta. HullvlUe, Orr"» Hot
fcpiine*. Halfway House. Comptehe. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bratr*
Wettport. Uiml: at WIUIu for Kort Brace'
Wtstport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vlJle. Cummin*. Bell'n Springs, Harris, Olaens
Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. ScoUa and
Eureka.
Saturday to Mbnday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate.*.
On Sunday* — Round-trip tickets to all points
Leyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. t«O Market street, ChronlcU
bulldlnx.
JAS. L. FKAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manacrr. Gen. Pass. Agt
l^W^^^M TOSANRAFAEL,
i^S|s|gS R0SS VALLEY,
mLl VALLEY,
l^^^^pj CAZADERO, Etc.
W"SwBWa8Si Via Siusalito Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICK. STANDARD GAUGS.
Depart from San Francisco, week day». at
C:30. 7:10, 7:45, b:S0. J»:15, 10:00, 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Eausallto only), 12:20. 1:45, 3:15
4:00, 4:3o. 5:15. 6:50, «:25. 7:15, 0:00. 10:20,'
11:35 l'. m. Sundays and legal holldaya depart
at 7:10. 7:45, 8^J0. 8:15^ 10:00. 11:00 ll?4i>
a. m.. l=:20. 1:00. 1:43. d:3Q. 3:15. 4-00. 4:35.
6:15. 5:i0. tf:23.7:15. 8:15. 0:00. 10:20. 11:34
li. m.
Arrive at San Franclaco. week £ay». 6:17
7:00, 7:S5. 8:15. 8:«. »:33. 10:20, 11:05 a. m.'
12:05. 1:25, 2:00. 3:35. 4:20. 6:05, 6:40 6:15
6:55. 7:55. 10:03. 11:25 p. in. On Sundaya ana
legal holidays extra tralna arrive at 12:15. 2:05
8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.
3:15 P. m.. 6:15 p. m. (ex. Bat.).- On Sundays
and I'tal holidays at 7:43, 8:30. 0:15 10:00
jl:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 7:15
and 8:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations
8:15 a. m. Sundaya only — For Point Keyes"
etc. .
3:15 v. m. Cally except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. eta
5:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundaya only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
, 8:15 p. m., Sundaya only— For Cazadero. ato.
TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market at.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market' at.
UDTTQIICO TO * BARBERS. BA-
bKUblifcb KiM^tisfr
brewer*, bookbinders, candy makers, cannera,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
banKen. printers, painters, shoe Jactorles,
f tablemen; tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BBOS..
Bruin Kanuf actnxen. 609 Sacramento St.
RAnATAYjrRAVEL.
/^~H^\. Timlns leave and are due
to arrive At
|SE|j|i_W| SAN FRANCISCO.
V>C \JS jyoot «f K»rtet Street )
— MAIN LINE. - *mTi
Z4KU Vs««t1U«. Winters. Kam«r - 7-60l»
JSKtA BmicX ElDilra and Sacraneato.. 7.20<»
7JDAVancK Nap«. CalU tors. Santa
Bom. Martian. 8tn Ramom 820p
7JsQa Kilca.Tracr. Latbrop. 6tockto*.. M 7.20p
aJDC* 6Ji»«.* Erprcn— (Via DarU).
WBIiiuiu (for nirtJttt Sprlags).
WlHow*. trr«to. I'.eC Blcff.
Fortland. Ttcomt, SemtUe 7.60^
f 40a D»t:«. Wfodinud. Knfrbts Lcwttss,
MarrtTlile. Cb'co. UreTllle 7.&0*
1*0* Tort Co«ra. MarttBrt, Antlocb.
Byroa. Tract. Stockton. Nev-
B«e. Lot B*no«. 11 « n 4 o t a,
Amoiv HaofordL Ylsalla.
Porterrllle 4.20*
t-XS* rurt Co«t«. Modesto. Merced.
Fmno. OoiSirr. June 11 on, Ha>-
ford. Vlcalta. Pakenfleld 450P
tZZA K'.!e«. San Josit, Llrenaore, Stock-
too, (tlCtltos). lone, Stcr»uBfato.
ManrsTi:ie. Chlco. Red Blcff .... 4.20s»
• !Ca O»kCaH* Chinese. Jam^etowa. So-
torn. Tnolomc* and Aacel* 4-20P
f C0a Atltr.tirEipjtM- <>purn«»<! Bun. 520P
* -30a aicbmoDd. Uartlocs aad VTny
SutloBs B50p
ICXCATbe Orerlaad Limited — Ugden.
Omab*, Chicago, Denver, Eaatu
-«- Clvr. fit LouSt *20*
10£0a VaUeJo_ 12.20P
MXOa Lo§ Anpele* faneccer — Port
Oo»t«. Mtr'.tm-i, nrron, Tracy. ,
Latbrop. Stockton, llereed.
Ray mood. Pre«no. Oosben Jnuc-
Uon. H so ford. Leraoore, VI rail a.
B»>r-»S"lw. Los Anpelet 7-20*
lf-Mw JUywsrd. Nlles and TVay Statlont. 320*»
tl£0P Simmfnt Rlrer fiteamers M 1.03p
liQp DetlcisL, VTlotrrs. Sacramento.
Woodland. M-llloTTi. Knlrbts
Landtnc Maryerllle. OroTllle
and wif rtattoc* 10 50a
• 30p Iiayward. Nl>» and 'Way Stations. . 7-50P
4C0«> MM-Uttez.Eau lUrooo.ValleJo.Nap*,
CalU toga. S»eta Itota S 20a
4C0PStlea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20p
4Z&PUaywar<l. Kites, lrrlnstoa. Caal t8-&0^
Joae. LjTermoro "\ :11.50a
tCCfZLr Owl Urnltod— Xe»c»n, Lo*
Daaoa. Mrsdou, Frtino. Tulwa.
Bakersfi«ld.Los AncelM S-60a
1530p Bsyw%rd. Mifi and ban Jott .,... 7.20a
S-OOp Uayware. Iffleiand Sun Jott 9-iOA
S.0&P Eastern Erprrss— OrJen. Oraaba,
Cblr.ajro. l)TiTer. Kanst* (,'iiv,
tt. Loali. Tla Martinez. Stockton.
Sacrmmesto. Co!fax. It^no 12-ECp
• C0p Vallejo. dally, except Soaday I 7 cn _
7XSCP TaUfJo, Saaday only f 7B0^
7X0P liK-bmuiid. eaa Pabiu. Port Costa,
Martinet and Wsy Stations 11.20a
/XuPEeno Pawfnger— Port I oetn. Ecl-
t'-.u. EllBlra. I)arl». Scr.raiprnto,
Track* 1 *, Lake Tahee. Beno,
Toaoi-ah. Spark* 7.60a
¦ C&P Port Coil*. Martinet. Byroa,
Tracy, Latbrop. M • d e • t o.
Hrrcod. Berrad*. Fremo und
Way Station s beyond Port Cotta 12-ZOp
0 Oop To»emlte VaWrj, via J'trcuda *cd
Wiwoni 850a
1 Ccp Msrilnei.Triiry. Pt->c»-.on 10.23a
B.OLp Oregon * California Kxprets— 6ae-
ramento. Maryariile. Ueddlcc
Portland. Poget Socnd and Eact. 8-50A
I.IOp Ocy ward. Kile* and ban Jute C.Soa-
dayonlyi . 11.60a
COAS7 LINE <*»rn.w tl»«pe).
(foot of Market Street.)
7«5a SaetaCrnrEicuniioixPuadaronJyl 8-ICp
• itA Sewark. Oonterrllle. Sun Jooe,
f *:to». Boulder Creek. U1cBa*la.
Santa Crut mid Vr«y Stations... 5-CSp
ti 15a Alrarado. Newark, fcan Jo«e. t/o*
Gatoa.Glenwood. Telton, Holder
Cre^k. ni«r Darin. S»nta Cru* 8 10p
XT 16p> Newark, CeBterrllle. Faa Jota,
2>ew A!ni«(>n. L<>» Gatov.Feitoa.
bonlder Crr«k. fianta Cruz and
Prlnclpnl Way Station* 1055a
4 If P Newark. Baa Jv»e. Lo* Gato* IS.65A
«.18p Wrlitbt. Boulder <:re*k aud Santa
Crux. riatnrdaT and Snnday only. H-55A
COAST LINE (Hr»ad l.iu«|.
tV (1 Ulrd au.l lowmrnd StrecU.)
5 10a r^Mi Jote an<MVay Station*. 8 30p
"7 O^a fHi Joiie niiii W.j- sjrirl'/iia 6.40P
7.1Ea Monterey and 6anta Crui JLxenr-
•ion (Ponrtay only) 10-XO«"
¦ BHa 1«>w Almadeo fTues_ Krttf.. only). 4.1 Qp
• LCa TIt: Cosater — San Jo#e. K>:ir.*».
ftaa Ardo, Paso !to4>les. Smii»
N trKcrii*. San Lsl* ll'j!*po.Sant«
Barbara, baa Dnenaventnra,
Mnntnlro. Oznard, lj.irbr.nk. Los
AnRele* 10-4SP
f .30a Gllr'.r. jlo'Umrr. Ca»(mTl!le. Del
M -jit*. Pacific Grove. Sarf, Lom-
poc 10.45P
(.CCa San Jore. Trea l"no*.WatsonTtlle.
Car*Uola. »anu Cruz, Pacific
Grove. Salinas Run Lois ()bl*po
»id l'rinclpt: TV»> Statloaf. ... 410p
!0*Ca faa Jo*c n»d Way Sutlkxx 1.23p
11 JCa Santa Clara. n.i, .lore. Lo* Uatos
and Way St*<lou« 7.30 p
1 ZCp San Jo»e and ffur Stutlor.* • 36 a
II 14.P l>r\ Motife Kxprc** <exccpt Fsn-
•lay) — S»ih» Clara, Jo«i%
'VT•ta.,c^tl!<¦. «»n:». Crnr.. Del
Moate. Mooterry, I'srlrtr Grove. t1215P
I ZIP ISurilbCain*". S«n J'.it. f,|.r.,i. ilol-
llrter. Tre* Ptao*.P«jsru.Vrar«on-
vlile. Canttola. 6nata Cru?.. Cut-
trorille. 5*l1na*. »*arl9.- Grorp... 13 4Sa
4 -JOp >«u Jone and Wny Ctationi *8 JJ3 A
t&CCPSanUi C!»r». -«n .Tore, IaM Unto*.
IVMjrbt "I: I rrtlir!;>«l >V«j Sta-
tion* <*"n«-pi Buodsfl tS-OOA
|52Op fc*nJo»r »ndf'r!ucl;-«ivv»ybtstlon* {9.42a
B<5?tct:ti* Kx?ro#».— U»Jwood. Ean
Jo»e.Gi!r-iy. Salinas. fa «o l:ol>ie*.
ban ).ut* Ultlapo. SuMk Bnrl>ar»,
Lv Ar.jte>». ii»ii,injt. J-.I Paso..
Nrw «.«ri^«r.«. N^w York 7.10a
S.45pPs;aro, Ar«troaT|iie. « apltola. I ..„ _.
t^aiita Cruz. Ca*trori!'.e. Del >»]«•**«>
Mo*t«. ractOc Urove.... i * 10.4SP
t6-1£^ ?•* UiU<.."orr«foTd,Utliiioni.B«.i
«ar>.». |;r,lw.K»d. Fair Oak*,
llenlofark. TaloAlto <F..AZa
S S0p 6«n Jc»e and TTay M»i«or.« 6 '8a
bXi'Op Palo Alto and War station* IJ.Iua
11 -2Cp &v>utbSanrrani:l*r,>. sfUIM*«.ltw
ilCfame, 8an Mate*. Uelnioct.
baa c.ar'.o*. :><!> nod. Fair Utks.
iien'.o 1'iirk. and 1'sij Alto 8 45k
•11 3Dp lityr.cld. *:• cnicln Vjcw. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. t>«uia Clara and
hJw .... t»4Sp
A Tor Mon-ini 1' lor Atlrrnotvy
1 Seatlay ezcepted 1 &aoday onlr
• bafirdaj o»;r- i Mot<Jty only.
.ipfcwps at all sutlosi* «« Sun its,
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lnt* ,r» Kitnliu Trrry Arrive
Sao Trauclgco I Kxt *f garkft St. San Frandio
Week £en- bou- W«ek '
T^"TT~T:307 \Z*b~f a:4B"A
10:00a V§S£3?*£i§ 2:05rMi:05A
10:00 a 11:00 a Vv*SaCTKF 3:35 r 3:36^
1:46 r 12:20 p \^»S5' 6:40 p 6:16 i
• :lftp 1:45 p \Sjjfy 6:16 r 10:01 1
4:35rJ 7%f 8:60r
* TU CrarltT t*r, f Taaalsah U Efll Tal^.
•heerr i626 Uakkxt^t. (North Rhora Ballroadj
OmcB land bacbauto Fkkby. Toot HartettBt.
WEEffCALL
16 Pa^es. $1 pep Year
' ¦ ' APVERTlSEMEyTS. ; .
service, and guarantee to find you j| Ja *5^ ~\fivS^ ' i aI> a range without a P eer - Evei 7
a home, house 01' flat to suit. Take m \&%*& part guaranteed. Will save its cost j
advantage of this department. It m\ S gJS*^ £:| in fuel. Our confidence in this range
is absolutely free. || ll is such that we offer it for $1.00 down |
I il| '* pf •* 1'lf J i If ''/'¦' '/ Si W--J 1 '/ \ \ \ /^^^-^^fcJ^S ' '' f#V^-*tf^"*- // PiEZb |-» r | y»y * *" — ZZ* ~-*-~ -*¦•*"* '^^ _ -^ I y^!^^j' r a^^ l^ssssL^sswatjsaJi^jlBt'Mr^^^^^^ _ r -, nMU'.w ¦**' ¦ I J|* ll
|m| * . * / ( / 1 1 I I v yji' 1 i ' -V frjj^' II k "= jj •?'%/%'& If A % ? f^3 I _ mm ' * *^* » i "y^ t^*" n S i '" * " ' '"- "~" txtolm •*^^ "ff*a» "^ f '/ j .Jr R
NO. 1^-rOLDINO BEDS— Solid oak. golden finish. JTO. 3.— COMBINATION BOOK CASE— Solid oak. NO. 5.— DIWINO TABIJB— «-fOOt exten- d*f\ Sf\
mantel top. decorated with bevel plate mirror, golden finish, top decorated, bevel plate mirror. alon, box top. turned legs, well mado >vJ nil
with small shelves prettily designed, tfj-io 7P ample room for books and writing *n + *% nr> and hlchly polished. Price *r '• vv
•artistically carved, complete with .fl.lcl.-jj desk convenient for the writer. Cab- VI / /S
wire mattress. Price •*»*v^.v»-r lnet work finished of the beat. Price *P*^» « „ , , .. -
. . HO. 4. — THBEE-PIJEOE BEDROOM SUITE Solid irO * e '~" CKX2rA CABIHIIT — Mado of selected oalt.
»O. 2, — METAL BEDS — Heavy upright, gracefully oak, golden finish. highly polished prettily weathered, carved panel top. Swell. tf*-f7 HP
curved tilling, points tied with brass «« n rjn carved. Dresger has shaped top, bevel <M in /* Side panels. A credit to any dining- J^l/.f 3
rosettes, angle iron end and side Jfcj. {J plate mirror, brass trimmings, suite \ I / hll room. Price t
rails. Price. of quality. Price *plf»UV/
Th" CA^ PtT^- . -r-&~ Lowell. Axminster, Savonniere,
yj l li i c l £ i • ° j^gs^J /f3x[j£ks&r jfiflffiir MStm MIBS* /wfiBi^^^vff*"* j-''*i>-» ior Lfie Lime spent in iooi\~
nificent line of exclusive de- dsi^Sr^ C8S S0 ' U^ 9^ 3 "
signs . in- Wilton, Bigelow, . «I8SHBr L0W8Sti \
K CFA>S\»Va,^ T-^*^K '* ma * t be kiod "' ? aone T* .
Mr pV v \WoSA^5TT*| Jkt l\ Like an eddycated CoaeT,
M "/*\'V v^*"^''«i I 111 U Or a (olid milso' Baranm, If y« Qk«%
B \ Via Fer°a wfcW or sa to rubber on the Pike.
H _^^ n^*^ c:; --5j^il^H'H rijliteJ by CoLier'i Weekly. Pub^jiea by permJMiaa. '
iH( 1\ To St. Louis and Return
Sim I \ I) Tk Augmst 18. 19. September 1, 2, 5, %, 7,
B V \ / HlH. 8i 19> 20 - 2S ' 29 ' October 3. *• 5, «, 19,
m a I) S\ \\\k Return limit ninety days.
B mil JmI I n Take the Rock Island Syttem and you go
¦ Cf(( i rM t Jt thro* without change. Scenic or Southern
ifi \1L Z' J^^^ inc> " P rctcrrcci - Standard and tourist
8 \r3p®*LiiL&z i$Hzf tiCcping 'cars; dining cars. Trains stop a:
Main Entrance World's Fair.
¦ v ft^w Yi Full mfonnitics on request. Vw^^^^-BWWSBB^gy
o B JkS^j Jt^^^^^^m CaII or wntc. y i^^m^m^3^M^ti^ It
a L^lfir ' *S""^ "^*^ C. A. RuTH«xro«D, d. p. a., jjgj^aapjpajfeg
m 6-3 \Iartit Str*et, wBsO&i il *>Cl I ii 1 1 Bs»
AD VEKTISE3£ENTS. _
. Sherwood A Sherwood, Agents
212-214 Market St. San FranciscoThe Jackal Is a greater destroyer cf
humanity In India than th© tiger. Sta
tistics published by the government of
India show that while 9-3 persons were
killed by tigers mere than 1Q00 children
were carried away by Jackals. j
TUNNEL UNDER EAST RIVER
IS DAMAGED BY A IiEAK
Water Drips Through Fissure in Roof
and Floods One Section Before
Hole Is Sealed.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— A small
fissure in the rocks forming the roof
of the tunnel now being dug under
East River, from Battery Park to Co
lumbia Heights. Brooklyn, has caused
much trouble to the workmen. The
water leaking through reached a
depth of six feet in one section before
It could be controlled by pumping.
The leak was only a short distance
from the seawall at the Battery. "When
It tu discovered two pumps wera
started, but one broke down, allow
ing the -water to gain rapidly. When
repairs had been made the risa was
quickly checked and the fissure suc
cessfully sealed. An airlock appa
ratus at the end of the. affected sec
tion prevented the water from reach
ing the outer portion of the tunnel,
and no permanent damage was done.
Los Angeles — Rev. J. J. Le Lage, O.
Stelman. E. C. Good, C. M- Jones, Rev.
W. P. Pond, H. V. Richmond and
wife, A. E. Goodhue, C. Tuner, I. P.
Thurston, A. Tuner, F. Holmes, J. K.
Holmes, TV. | Llndley, May Thompson.
Redlands— H.- L. Goodrich, D. B.
Kendall, J. A. Marquis, A. Donato.
Oakland— R. F. Clark, Mrs. R.-
Stelnhauser and daughter, H. A.
Dodge. Miss E. Short.
Pasadena — Miss J. Kendall, B. Kln
dall. J. F.' Smith.
Miscellaneous— J. G. Redman and
wife. Riverside; J. C. May, Santa
Maria; C. M. Alcazar, R. M. La mi bar.
Santa Ana; C A- "Whiting. Stockton;
W. H. Parson, Claremont; A. M. John
son, San Antonio; W. D. Lyman. Cor
ona; R.. H. .McDonald, Hemet; J.
Moloney. Sacramento; E. D. Graham,
Fresno; M.S. Tarklngton. Tulare; Mrs.
W. B. Charles and family, • Hanford;
J. B. Watkins, Eureka; Mrs. J. O.
Green, Miss Ida Green, HollisUr; F.
I* Walker, San Diego. • a . .
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 13. — The follow
ing visitors from California have reg
istered at the California building:
San ' Francisco— R. G. Falk and
family, W. F. Adams', Mrs. P. P. Nial
sin, Mrs. I. D. Rodges, Miss V. Rodges,
E. J. Stoltz, M. Fackson, A. G. Nixon,
Miss A. M. Bannister, J. G. Dorward,
A. E. Baber.
to Residents of Golden State.
St. Txrals Exposition Proves Attractive
OAIJFORNTANS AT FAIR.
Most of the buildings erected on the
reservation are made of bamboo and
nipa thatch^ all brought from the isl
ands arid were erected by the Filipi
nos. It Is said that much money; was
a Question whether the average person
who is attracted by a few uncouth sav
ages, and especially savages who feed
on dogs, cares a great deal about the
fine woods or other articles that be
speak rich resources. The business
man whose interest is centered in
trade and development is not likely to
be drawn very far by a promenade of
wild men. He has other things to
think about. At any rate for the pal
try percentage it may get from these
shows the Insular board. could hardly
afford to sacrifice its self-respect.
There is no doubt the exhibition of
native tribes is desirable, but this
could have been done without the
rattle of dogbone castanets and the
putting of these tribes ahead of the
resources and educational progress of
the islands. The subjecting of an
expenditure of $1,250,000, or whatever
the total may reach, to a few side
shows makes it look as if there had
been some careful planning some
where — as if some far sighted people
had got a finger into tha exhibiting
scheme.
. The Insular government should
have made these tribal exhibits and
made them free, and It should have
seen that the world was informed ex
tensively about its real civilization.
Up to a short time ago the salary
roll on the Philippine reservation wai
$97,000 a month. Colonel Edwards
found it possible to cut this down to
$57,000. He lopped off $40,000 worth
of heads and the show is going along
just the same.
BITTLDIN'GS OF BAMBOO.
The argument is made that the ad
vertising of the native tribes brings
crowds ahat would not otherwise visit
the Philippine exhibit, and that' these
visitors then view the commercial ex
hibits and talk with the educated Fili
pinos on the grounds' who- are | not
brought to prominently into view. It is
CROWDS ATTRACTED.
To exploit thebe savage tribes might
be all rijrht in San Francisco, where
the populace is posted and knows how
many educated, civilized Filipinos there
are and how high Is their civilization,
but the F.ast and Europe, not t?o close,
f orra their opinions from just what they
see. and they'll pretty generally asso
ciate the people of the archipelago —
professional men, society belles and all
— with dog cutlets after this fair. If
America should Eend to a European
exposition villages of Digger Indians,
Georgia clay-eaters and Alaska Es
quimaux as a 'national exhibit of peo
ple the Europeans would soon form the
idea that there were few really civil
ized whites here.
knowledge, and the people of civilized
nations In general. This idea is still
awaiting its ( cue In the wings, white
that ETim monster, that savage shape,
the Ycrorrote, with a canine wishbone
gripped In his teeth, stalks in the lime
light. Truly the Insular Government
has been burdened with a handicap It
didn't foresee. That $1,330,000, just dis
appearing, which was voted to aid the
protrress of the country, probably wllL
through the prominence given the dog
eaters, tbe Moros. the two midgets—
of which it is popularly supposed there
are whole tribes— ami the rest of the
lower grades of Filipinos, *who repre
sent really only a minority of the
islands* population, serve to retard its
progress for twenty years.
lllzation that he may go back and en
lighten his brother of the wilds he Is
encouraged In his barbarism. In his
eating of dogs and all the rest of It
and returns feeling, that the great
white people approve him as ha Is —
that ha has never been wrong.
Lo, the poor Igorrote! He' Is
brought to the land that by force of
the bayonet and bursting - shell has
constituted Itself his preceptor and in
stead of being taught the tenets of civ-
expended on freight. The few build- '
ings not made of bamboo are Inex
pensive. All of them are attractive,
though.
San Francisco Is much Interested In
the success of this exhibit. The com
mercial exploitation and growth, of
the archipelago mean added business
for that city. Already the Pacific
Coast metropolis has an Important
trada with the islands and Just such
a commercial display as is made here
will increase>it if that display Is seen
by and explained to the right people.
The savages are not going to bring a
trade boom to either San Francisco or
the Philippines.-
The Macabebe scouts drill beauti
fully and are much 'admired, but their
usefulness as fighters has never been
well established. One of them was
observed in a shooting gallery on the
Pike trying vainly to hit .a life-size
rabbit. The young girl behind the
railing, noting his lack of success,
kindly showed him how to make use
of the sights on the gun, something
he had evidently never mastered. As
he shut both eyes every time he pulled
the trigger he met with no better suc
cess after being Instructed.
Colonel Edwards, on being asked
why the uncivilized tribes at the Phil
ippine reservation were not taught
something of American ways, said he
did not believe in them learning any
thing American — that they knew too
much now. It Is feared that, when
they return home neither " the tribal
idea of morals nor the styles in spring
neckwear will be one bit improved by
them?
The natural idea of a Philippine ex
hibit would be to attract the eyes of
the civilized world to the islands in a
beneficial Eer.se; to awaken .commercial
interests to the fact that great trade
possibilities lie in the archipelago; to
put these insular possessions In their
best light before the people of the coun
try whose suzerainty they now ac-
The most offensive "press agenting*"
.i nmbablx done with the Tgorrotes —
ht raided as "dog- eaters" and "savage
head hunters." D05 feasts by these
harmless appearing terrors have ac
tu&Uy been advertised and the main
th;::g you hear about the Philippine
eshibit is that the Ygorrotes are pre
pcrmg for another dog dinner, that
several fine dogs are being fattened
for the Ygorrotes, that invitations
have been issued to So-and-So —
prominent visitors, or perhaps exposi
tion officials — to witness a dog-eating
carnival by the "savage Ygorrotes."
There was a lull in the dog-eating
manifestos for a while and the serious
subject of whether these timid, home
tick appearing "scourges of the moun
tain wilds," wha have always gone
r^ked here, save for a breechclout,
should wear trousers. This question
• was taken up at Washington and
hurled broadcast over the country and
then died out, leaving the "terrors"
etill with their fig leaves, and the
• nauseating dog diet material waa
• fallen back upon.
During all this week the finest ex
hibit of commercial wealth ever made
by a tingle foreign country — if the
Philippines may be called a foreign
cour-try^-has lain practically unher
alded. The money it cost to get it here
has been the instrument, mainly, in
brirgiEg the Ygorrote and his uncivil
ised brothers into prominence.
The St. Louis Humane Society, com
posed of a large number of refined citi
zens of the exposition city, tried to
handle the dog-eating proposition when
it first betas to gain prominence, but !
. it was balked because the Ygorrote vil
lage was outside the city limits, though
within the fair grounds. The mem
ber* didn't care so much about the
dogs, for the canines' death at thel
bands cf a skillful Philippine butcher |
•was Just as merciful an end as death :
by chloroform at the hands of the
Pounfimaster. but they didn't like to
' hear *».ll the nasty details of a dog ban
' quet daily.
PRODUCTS FORGOTTEN.
HEAD HUNTERS."
The expenditure of this fortune In
public funds has brought the insular
government a splendid exploitation of
the "savagrs lloro," the "dog-eating
Virorrote" and the "Filipino midpets"
— the last named being scarcely worth
tny considerable expenditure for ad-
Vei Using, as or.'y tivo of them existed
in all the islands. To sum it all up
tJ\e tfirnity of what should have been
one of the greatest of displays — its
usefulness, 10 a large extent — is be
ing Bacriticed to the/rupidity of a few
fchownien. for whose immediate ben
efit — it -would almost seem— this vast
expenditure has bten made. \
No matter who is rijrht — those who
support the Government in its ac
(juisitlon of the archipelago or those
who oppose it — there are great com
mercial possibilities in the islands and
•Ae business men of the United States
should grasp them. Th- Philippine
display here shows these possibilities;
but what are commercial possibilities
or the development of trade or com
merce to the exhibition of savage
tribes for gain? What is the dignity
of a country that is seeking self-gov
ernment, or at least equal standing
with civilized countries, in comparison
Tv;:h the quarters taken in at the con
cessions?
You hear little of the manificent
hardwoods, oils, agricultural products
and manufactured articles, ail dis
played in the greatest variety in the
Philippine reservation, but those sav
i^ge tribes, with their outlandish rites
Li.d their peculiar appetites, are not
allowed to escape your attention- The
general public gradually finds itself
enquiring the idea that the Philippine
Islaiids are one great home of fierce
*-vafe?. howling and head-hunting
thYousr'.iout the land — bent upon one
M.her.:e of mutual murder.
CAUL, BUREAU. WORLD'S FAIR.
ST. -LOUIS, Aug. 13. — Up to date
5l.200.'000 has been dumped into the
Philippine Islands' exhibit at the
Worlds Fair, ana Colonel Edwards.
.representing the United States Gov
ernment came down 'rom V/ashing'
ton a. few days ago with $150,000
>Esore secured from Congress in re
eponse to a wail of distress from those
directly In charge.
BY PAUL KDWAIIDS.
Forgotten While Showmen
Make Fortunes in Village
GEAFTEKS GET BENEFIT
: Products of Country Are
Government Pays Dearly
• . to Exploit the Savage Moro
• • and the Naked Ygorrotes
ISLAND EXHIBIT
COSTLY AFFAIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST U, 1904.
27
AD\~i:RTisEaiEyrs.
g^l STOMACH A
Thousands ryf sickly people, have
been restored to health and strength
by the use of the Bitters. Many of
them voluntarily testify that it cured
them of Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Con-
stipation, Biliousness, Kidney Trou-
bles or Malaria. It will cure you, too.
-. Txy it to-day. - . . ., -v_
ADYERTISE3EENTS.
fi^l B dB^ S WbM n(^ man 7 other painful and serious
IP! % H^ ailments from which most mothers
II I g g^ suffer, can be avoided by the use of
£^fc&^£P 1 " This great remedy
a ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses ''Motbfir'S Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insnres safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and ¦¦ „,. „, « ¦» Bag m - -^ h
"Motherhood," is worth |$l§ljf J Eg fe 3 l"i
its weight in gold to every HBi^^ ta Bagaa^yj W
woman, and will be sent free in plain |p|§3| f§ Bf|
envelope by addressing application to |p ||&; g & |v-. t- [ j
Br adtidd Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. W II I En iw wf
PRAGERS t FRAGEKS t PRAGERS \ PRAGERS I PRAGERS I PRAGERS
Special Drapery Items as the time draws near for the completion of our Boys' Trousers and Overalls—
Our Drapery Department will soon have to be taken from Expansion Improvements the |\ecesshy of .dear- ! \ /— Special Prices
its present location, and, in accordance with the policy of w^www » » *w^w
other departments, the stock will have to be reduced. ing OUt> Olir ground floor Stocks becomes forced ' T^ VERY one of these styles is up to date in every particular.
$1 en ill! §lps5reK >« °' c U r,a ins , a^t '.w O upon us more strongly than ever. It, is aw policy tL There is nothin s che^£SJj em except th ' e pric "-
4H.^U to five pairs o{ a kind only> at this very low p r i ce . They . . «-»^ ¦ +* TKOUSst-KS.
ar^ y>2 yards long and from =0 to 60 inches wide; they are regularly to Open the Upper floOFS With clean, fresh gOOdS PXir- 1 Qc B °y s> Knee Trousers for every day wear; made or very strong
worth $i.co and $2.75 a pair. . i materials; sizes 4 to 14' years of age.
$? 25 Pair- Heavily corded Arabian Curtains that are so much in chased for thaL DartlCUlar DUrOOS8, and if IOW DHCeS Hi 40 Boys ' Cordur °y Trousers, regularly^ sold at $1.75
J?L..O,J demand at 'the present time. We have only 40 pairs of r r r r t 1 *^ pair.
thrse curtains left in stock. pQRTIERES V COlint, for anything, and We knOW they dO, We Will j 45C B .g[ V Cordur °y Knee Trousen that regularly sell at 75C *
%0 hQ Pair— A heavy, reversible Tapestry Portiere that sells every- succeed m OUT intention ••'•••••••• OVERALLS.
tP&.**tS where at $4.00 a pair. These portieres are finished with I °*™^** -••.vmmvu. •••• -g Boys , BJue Overalls, for boys 7 to 14 years of age; regularly
heavy knotted fringe. . , • ¦¦ ' sold for 25c
"L.S5S1,) ,< Must Clean Out Entire Stock of Women's Under- 1
regular Si.co kind. ! ! - \ '. - — — VV an( * exclusive "Gage" ideas in
43a— Leader Bulb Syringe; a good Tk & M W T «^| i Street and Dress Hats for early
Syringe, with three hard rubber Ifi/A^M /¦» f lOtf*— . . iVi f%\ 7Gl T/^k S Iift£\O&* §4 i^^/^|r* \ faI! ' and th? - v are certain;/ fetching
pipes. i WwClI Ul lOVv HJ WPIJS& W HJU* I creations, including new Turbans,
4c each — For good Face Chamois; j « MM j Rolled Sailors and other smart ef-
vcrv cheao at this price. '\^ ,....„_ . A , . , ... , , . . , t - L . A . L . A fects in white and colored felts, silks
7 for 25e~Toilet Paper, in either /» HANGEb are taking place very rapidly about this store just at present, and not the least important is the transter 01 an d up-to-date materials. They will
rolls or square*. Regularly 5c each. \> the Women's Muslin Underwear department from the main floor to the floor above. This will be your final oppor- sell quickly, and an early call would
Special at this price tunitv to secure garments at bargain prices. " therefore insure the best selection.
I«c box— Kirks and Andrew Jer- - rnsciTT rnuppc -,- This department is also making a
gen's Scented Soaps; rcgularry sell LUKa£li O'-l rQ Long Skirts, made of good quality of cambric with 18-jnch clearance of its summer stock - of
at 2=c a box. O-ZC Cambric Corset Covers, with deep yokes of fine tucks alternat- k P*«"O flounce of lawn, trimmed with two rows of Torchon inser- flowers and trimmed tats at Ies3 than
17c — Rubifoam, liquid dentifrice; "£«V* j n g with Valenciennes insertion edged all around with narrow tion, alternating with strips of lawn and edged with Torchon lace, half-price.
very good for the teeth; the regu- Valenciennes lace. Worth regularly 65c. Worth regularly $2.00. l ' =— = 1
lar value. 25c. AftC Cambric Corset Cover, with yoke of Cluny insertion, edged all DRAWERS. Specials for Traveling
*XUV around with narrow hemstitched cambric ruffling. Worth reg- ?Cs» Made of Muslin, full wide bottoms, finished with 5-inch hem- — c 2
. Shoe Specials ularly 75c. •JJV" stitched ruffling of same material. Regularly worth 500 9&_r TRUNKS *.
colt: new modern toe; light and w ularly sold at 65c. ;] regular value 65c . r . ' i .,., - J , This is an excellent "special at this
medium weight extension soles. QO p Long Skirts, made of muslin, with 15-inch flounce that has 58C S'llS^nS nSiViale h2S3 "with XstSf of tufks «tV« P - ric !i t> , ,
Sizes S\i to Ii-regularly $1.50 to 70C two b rows o f Torchon insertion, finished at bottom with edg- % , i™ n J?l\TrZ 7 clusters of tucks. 9 li.So-Heavy Basswood Trunk,
$1.75. Sizes 11H to 2-regularly j ng of same. Worth regularly $1.25. Regularly worth 5100. • waterproot painted brass corner
§1.7=; to $2.25. ! j-^ _ rt _ ct- • Aftr* Made of soft Cambric with fine tucks; finished at bottom with | clamps, excelsior lock, fall linen
S1.3O and? 1.5S— Boys' and Youths' SI 38 b° ns u h ma Z of .cambric, with 12-mch flounce of cam- UOV^ three-inch ruffle of guipure embroidery edging. Worth reg- I lined, 34 inches long. A very good
little gents' shoes; rici kid, box calf, f r , v nrtll b^ C " mbr ° ldery; headlng of thr " row3 ° f tuckmg - ReffU " «l«ly $ixa -^^J Trunk for the money "
paten! f colt; ail style toes. Sizes 9 M"ly ;vorth $3.00. - SKIRT CHEMISE. ! M _ CLUB BAGS. -*
to 2— regularly $1.75 to $2.25. Sizes \| f\Q Short Skirts, of cambric, with 12-inch flounce of lawn with 7PiP Skirt Chemise, made of Cambric, bottom finished with Point 96.«o— For genuine Alligator Club
2'A to s r A— regularly $2.00 and 4 J1 » UO lace insertion, alternating with tucks, finished at the bottom '^ de Paris lace, yoke of insertion of the same; collar and arm- Bag, full lrather lined and regularly
$2.50. " with three-inch Cluny lace. Regularly worth $2.00. / holes finished .with edgings drawn with babv ribbon. Reg, value $1.25. .sold at Sft.oq
Money Savers in Domestics Advance Styles in Cloaks and Suits. Gigantic Sale of Black Silks •
THE Domestic Department comes to the front as usual |— , VERYTHING is bustle in our Cloak and Suit Depart- *T* 0-MORROW we open the fall season with a dash in our
with some strong leaders for Monday's shopping. Each I-h ment> and Monday's business will be no exception to the I Silk Department by an important sale of Black Silks. The
item named is an unmistakable bargain. *-^ ruIe> We have just received some new goods, and in ad- J * forecast for fall seem3 favorable for a heavy demand in
TABLE LINENS. TOWELS. dition to these attractions we are clearing out\ Ladies' Suits, black silks for shirt waist suits. Even,- need in modest or
25 DamaX d worh reluSriy Ic^a 14c heavy Huck Jackets, Waists and Skirts at ridiculously low prices prepara- fastidious ideas has been carefully considered. In our selec-
yard. ' , Towels, hemmed ready for use, tory to moving the department to, the floor above. tions to-morrow we will offer some tempting prices, with which
3»c yard-Pure White Satin f^thffkft They rTguIariy °«o1d I SUITS we ho P e to stam P our silk department as the most popular
Damask, worth regularly 6oc a at 20c each . - Women's and Misses' Suits in one « San Francisco. Note a few of the many inducements
J a v SS + c *• 25c «ch-Real Turkish Bath tfl 7S XI 7 IS Eton blouse and straight front effects; sin- we will offer to secure your fall trade.
5.c yard-Pure White Satm Towels, the double threaded «P/« I V OUU j d d bl breasted; come in fancy 29c_io-inch Linine Silk reeularlv sold at die a vard t 7.
0m mch - - idt ' - orth sure
72c yard— Extra heavy White ly at $4.00 a dozen. t qp This lot comprises the new fall styles in all-wool fancy man- 49c— 19-mch Taffeta Silk, regularly sold at 65c a yard; guaranteed.
Satin Damask, worth $1.00 a TOWELING nl4 O I n ' s^ m i xtures an( * plain colors; all nobby, up-to-date styles, 69c — 37-inch Taffeta; guaranteed; regularly sold at 95c a yard.
vard - .- , D . . ' . . . . V11»ut/ in Eton b i ouse and L a te jacket; single or double breasted 08c— 27-inch Taffeta; guaranteed; regularly sold at $1.35 a vard.
NAPKINS. r,c yard-Pure white, soft finished e ff ects ; skirts beautifully tailored and finished; the regular values 74c— ,6-inch Taffeta- Guaranteed- rerutarlv soM a*\t- - *\*rA
OSc dozen— For pure White Din- Huckaback Toweling; one of $25OO to 530.00. . \ Jtl 2^°Z *rll gUaran * CC^' rc^; arI y soI . d at 5j^ a yard
ner Napkins, worth $1.25 regu- the neatest values ever offered. ._ - A| ft ~r- Over 260 Suits in this lot. comprising | *oc— 3<5-mch Taffeta; guaranteed; regularly soid at $1.35 a yard.
; ar ] v " ' 10c yard — iS-ir.ch heavy To-.vel- \\i A) 311(1 wlv I 1 t^. e ncst showing of n-w fall mannish i 1?1.25 — 36-inch Tafieta; guaranteed; regularly sold at Sr.65 a yard.
$1.35 dozen— For pure White in* that will outwear any Towel- t^l I •It/ Wiiu «j;i/«i «/ mixtures in cheviots and etamines, in 45c— 19-inch Peau de Soie; the regular value 65c a yard,
Damask Napkins, worth $1.75. in S cvcr offered at 15c a yard. j plain colors and blacks; jackets silk lined and beautifully tailored; also 69c— 24-inch Peau de Soie; the regular value 50c a yar<f
rezularly. PTT T OW<! prettily trimmed m braids and ornamented in fancy buttons, with New- ! ttO ¦ . t. j^-t. , , - j+>"-
ftl.7.1 dozen— For pure White w . , B. . „ M port half belted effects; many other pretty ttyles to select from; reg- »»c— 24-mch Peau de Soie; tha regular value $1.35 a yard.
Damask Napkins, worth $2.50 W S-,, ( av^ a ,!" g f e £ nety °J ? cd "lar values from $30 to $35. ' " f 1.3S- 36-inch Peau de Soie; the regular value $1.65 a yard.
regularly. - ~ S2?ES tll'S^Th^l^l JACKETS. f 1.7B- 3 6-lBch Peau de Soie; the regular value $2.25 a yard.
.?2.45 dozen-For pure White f n price from soc 7sl $1 1> CiAC AC 00 iC S 6 !" of several hundred, pretty styl- 48c_i 9 -inch Poplin; regularly 63c a yard.
Dama^ Napkm, worth $ 3,o g^g-^^ Jg^ 58.45 | Jap Silk; regular^ 25c a yard.
COMFORTERS. SHEETS. , ers prettily strapped; satin »nd sateen lined; the regular price almost I 4OC— 27-inch Jap Silk; regularly 60c a yard.
?1.2.1-This is a large Com- 80c each-For a splendid Sheet, I double. c _ t> _. nT?E<is r.nnm
forter for double bed. with pure 72x90 inches, and regularly SKIRTS. UK£.t>s uuuiJb.
white cotton filling; 'not a thin worth 50c each. q~ J 0 i AC Over 200. handsome" black cheviots. Sicilian! j ' .BOc— A splendid showing of Fall Dress Fabrics will be found in this
Comforter, but good and fluffy. 60c each — For a Sheet, size 8ix Jfc^ US 311(1 th4 7 V n^ fancy mixtures; all finely tailored and collection, comprising plain materials, mixtures and plaids.
This is an excellent special at 90 inches, and regularly sold at VyUm/tr l»u%* vyTStr moS £ beautifully finished; tome plain, others 83c to $1.50 yard^ — Broadcloths in all the fashionable shades are here
this price. 75c. fancy trimmed; regular prices # $6.5O to $7.50. at these prices.
- Men's Fprnisjiings Remarkable Sale of Kitchen Necessities "Ever Ready" Dress f^R% " F"
13 llc — Mcns . WhJte Hemstitched ¥ F you are in need of any of the little trinkets or utensils for Shields J Xfi < rfb$f*t(¥
r I £ B A n KM a II 7«3 ! Handkerchiefs; every thread I Vltr'Ufn n<;c tfiic i<s -vnur nnnnrtunihr tr> o-rt thrm at a vrrv IXTl 0 fl» fi i1 tlr H V^ '
I /jfe& *•' v-^^fe 5 *- far pure Irish Linen; large size; i p*TT f J b ' I • HESE prices v.'ill be / f^**-**' & j*** 1
l%- 1 onr^chte^eXT'ce^c SALE REO. SALU REQ. 1 special for this week U iU<^ lXBU T
each. PRICE. PRICE. PRICE. r^ mCE - S, 7> • „ • * l23ari230MARKET ST^U
" 32c pair— Men's Elastic Suspend- 25c— Brooms 35c T6c— Universal Meat- Chop- *** Plain, in all sizes. "
\VU1 Be theJLargest, Department, Store ers; new, strong webbing; plain 25c— Duster 35c pers $1.25 oSc— Ventilated, all sizes. All the Shopping Inducements that have
West, of Chicago. or fancy colors. COc — Bread Boxes 60c 40c — Glass Wash Boards 50c Every pair guaranteed. made this store so popular are still her eCLARK LOSES TEMPER,
Threatens to Cut Throat of Man Who
Called Him Uar.
NEW ALBANY. Aug. 13. — During a
political debate in this city between
Congressman Champ Clark of Missouri
and Congressman B. Landis of
Indiana the former threatened to cut
the throat of a man in the audience
who called him a liar.
Clark had attacked former Gov
ernor William Taylor of Kentucky for
seeking a refuge in Indiana and. re
ferring to him as a murderer, said he
ought to be hanged. His remark was
challenged by a man near the stage.
Clark walked to the edsre of the plat
form and shouted to the man:
"If you will walk outside the tent
and call me a liar I will cut your
throat." -*
The man arose, but was pulled back
into his seat, and the debate waa
quickly closed. Intense excitement
prevailed among the 5000 people In
the audience, but no further trouble
ensued. ,
Politics has made a few men and un
made a great many.
Jules B. Didier. Martinez — Delegate.
James Hoey; alternate, John Kelly.
Virginia City — Delegates. Joseph Mc-
Carthy. William T. Moran; alternates,
John L. Considlne, Dr. J. J. Sullivan.
Gilroy — Delegate, W. G. Fitzgerald;
alternate, L. S. Cullen. Sonoma — Del
egate, R. J. Dowdall; alternate, John
Watt. Llvermore — Delegates, John J.
Callaghan, W. H. Donahue; alternates,
A. Hartmann, William Mulqueeney.
Castroville — Delegate, John Foster;
alternate, John Jordan. Fresno — Del
egate, T. E. Collins; alternate, H. W.
Clinch. Eureka — Delegate, P. J. Rut
ledge, Thomas Keating; alternate, M.
J. Mahoney, John. O'Neill. Port Costa
— Delegates, James Ahern, Rev. W. R.
Thompson; alternates, Patrick Mur
phy, P. J. Murphy. Merced — Dele
gate, J. J. Thornton; alternate, W. A.
Mitchell. Ferndale — Delegates, Rev.
P. Meehan, W. A. Slissman; alternates.
E. Gleason, J. Frlel. Monterey — Del
egate, J. J. Daly; alternate, A. E. Al
len. San Mateo — Delegate, J. J. Daly.
William Wood; alternates, W. Done
gan, M. Sheehan. Santa Rosa — Dele
gate, J. C. Donovan; alternate, C. D.
Roberts. Los Angeles — Delegates,
James C. Hanley, Jame3 J. Lynch; al
ternate, P. J. McGarry.
San Jose — Delegates, Thomas P.
Ryan, D. M. Burnett; alternates, Har
ry W. Hoenes, James P. Sex. Stock
ton—Delegates, J. H. Ford, M. D.
Murphy; alternates, R. Boyce, T.
Joyce. Oakland — Delegates, W. V.
Harrington, C. H. O'Connor; alter
nates, T. J. Gallagher; John Lynch.
Petaluma— Delegates, J. J. Kiriff.'J.' F.
McNally; alternates, M. Keane, J. W.
McNally. Sacramento — Delegates,
Frank J. O'Brien, C. V. Schneider,
Daniel Healy, William Douglas; alter
nates, James Longshore Jr., J. P.
Murphy, W. Fetherstone, W. Lee
Rose. Santa Cruz— Delegates, John J.
Henchy, Charles, E.Walsh; alternates,
Thomas J. Egan, J. P. Murphy. Val
lejo—Delegates, Charles E. Walsh, J.
T. Glasson; •'. alternates, Thomas J.
Egan, R,' ¦ J. PassalacquaJ Benlcia-r-
Delegaie, Rev. . Father Kelly;" alter
nate, P. J. CarolarL Napa— Delegates,
F. M. SUva, DJ Martin; alternates.. T.
Maxwell, P. Wilson. Alameda-^-Dele
fcates, Rev. T.J. O'Connell, Hugh Gal
lagher; alternates, Frank J. O'Brien,
The session will be opened with the
! celebration of high mass. Archbish
\ op Montgomery will preach and Rev.
i W. R. Thompson, O. P., will direct the
; arrangements.
Following is the list of delegates
who will attend the council:
Past grand presidents, J. J. McDade,
M. W. •Fleming, J. F. Sullivan, J. F.
Smith, C. P. Rendon. F. J. Murasky.
F. J. Kierce. John Lynch, James Gal
lagher, Samuel Haskins, A. F. St. Sure,
L. E. Mahan, D. J. O'Leary, Thomas
W. Kelly; grand chaplain. Rev. M. D.
Slattery; grand president, James D.
Whalen; grand first vice president,
John P. Fitzgerald; grand second, vice
president, Charles G. Willey; grand
secretary, George T. Stanley; grand
treasurer, William T. Aggeler; grand
marshal, Herman Berg; grand inside
sentinel. P. J. Thornton: grand outside
sentinel, Charles D. O'Connor; grand
directors, E. R. Myrick, William A.
Kelly, J. W. Sharp, Anton Scar, Tom
A. Cody, Rev. James A. Grant, J. , J..
Burke, Eugene F. Fitzgerald; supreme
deputy, E. R. Myrick.
; San Francisco — Delegates — P. P.
Curtis, Rev. James A. Grant, John
Riley, W. M. Gille3ple. J. J. Degan,
John W. Shinkwin, M. I. Lynch, Louis
F. Guedet, John J. Jordan, W. M.
Gill, J. B. Queen. W. J. Hamilton, F.
J. Monohan, Dr. T. H. Morris, R. A.
Miller, Fred E. Farmer, Charles Mc-
Carthy, John J. Dunne, J. H. Plnkham,
John Reldy, Hugh Rooney, P. F.
Canavan, P. Sauvolich, George Serko
vich, William I. Reardon, D. T. Pow
ers, Camillo Marzo, H. C. Costa and
B. P. Lapachet. Alternates — E. ;R.
Myiick, James King, Eugene C. Cal
lan, E. J. O'Rourke, Thomas M. Sea
rey, J. J. Duddy, W. H. Augustine, P.
J. Kelliher, Charles F. Healey, John
T. Keegan, John M. Glennan, F. A.
McCarthy, John Linehan, M. Power,
J. J. Dillon, T. F. Harney, Joseph
Redmond, J. D. Rountree, M. L.
Welsh, O. E. Doyle, Charles Crowley,
James McKay, James D. Rodney Sr.,
C. Mlchich, J. Sambrallo, Gus PJusck
ell. R. A. Cahalan, Dr. A. H. Gianninl,
Emil Brlzzolara arid Joseph J. Bi'ou
choud.
The twentieth grand council of the
Pacific jurisdiction of the Young
Men's Institute will convene at Crock
ett Monday, August 22. The question
of annual or biennial sessions will be
discussed. Grand President James D.
Whalen will present recommendations
covering a policy calling for organiza
tion work on broader lines. In the
election of grand officers some con
tests are expected.
At this session there are to be
elected grand officers, delegates and
alternates to the Supreme Council,
which will meet at Colorado Springs
Monday, October 10.
The Grand Council session at Crock
ett will continue through August 23,
24 and 25. August 26 the Grand
Council will adjourn and give an en
tertainment and reunion in this city
at the Alhambra Theater in celebra
tion of the twenty-first anniversary of
the organization of the Institute.
The social programme at Crockett
will include an entertainment Mon
day evening at Arcade Hall. On Tues
day there will be an excursion on the
bay. The ladies will give a reception |
in the evening. The grand ball will
take'^place Wednesday and the ban
quet on Thursday at the Crockett Ho
tel.
Annual Session of the Young
Men's Institute to
Begin Monday.
JAMES D. WHALEX, GRAND ]
PRESIDKNT OF YOCNG MEN'S I
INSTITUTE OF CALIFORNIA.
"L«t me see, Harry — how many times
have you proposed to me?"
"Never before, Minnie, so help me!
This is the first time!"
"Oh, to be sure! I've got you mixed
up with George."— Chicago Tribune.
PICKPOCKBTT ARRESTED. — Clark Jayne
was arrested last nl*tht by Captain IHika and
Polloeraan Hurdt and locked tip In the City
Prison. The police were notified that Jayne
was going through the pocket* of a drunken
man who waa otasdlnr In a doorway at 830
Mason street. They at once went to the place
and arrested Jayne. t
PITTS3URG, Kans., Aug. 13. — The
coal miners of Kansas, Indian Terri
tory. Arkansas, Texas and a part of
iiisso'jri have voted In favor of adopt
ing the operators' wage proposition.
The vots Tras canvassed here to-day
by the board appointed for the pur
pose and the vote was announced to
night.
As a result of the vote accepting
th# proposition the contemplated
strike will not take place. Instead the
mines la the Southwest, a majority of
¦which have been idle, will resume
work on full time.
Workmen Voto to Adopt Wage Sched
ule Submitted by Operators.
MIXERS WILIi NOT STRIKE.
Many of the spectators, including the
oincials of the District Government,
protested against the continuance of
the racing in view of the tragedy, but
the officials in charge declined to stop
the sport, saying it was inexpedient,
as many had come from other cities to
take part, and that the regatta was the
result of long laid plans, in which"
many outside interests were concerned.
There was much criticism of this
course.
Only a iew of the thousands of per
sons who lined the shore witnessed the
accident, but the policemen set to work
to recover the bodies.
J. GEORGE SMITH, of the Smith-
Powell Paper Company of this city;
married.
CHARLES P. BLUMER, SO years
old, druggist; married.
J. HERBERT COATES, 35 years old.
of McKeesport, Pa., tailor.
JOHN K. WALDEMAN JR., 20 years
old, a machinist in the navy yard.
WILLTAM SMITH of New York, em
ploye of the navy yard here.
MRS. LULU DREYFUSS.
BERTHA SELBACH, sister of Mrs.
Dreyfuss.
HELEN, HISER.
HELEN MOORE, daughter of a
printer here. , »
. The saved: Dr. C. W. Wagner. Dr.
C. A. Stewart, I. A. Woulfe and Wil
liam Lederer.
The capsized launch was the Recrea
tion, owned by Drs. Stewart and Wag
ner.
During the first race the launch got
in the way of the eight-oared shells
and its wash was such that the officials
reprimanded its crew and ordered the
boat out of the way. There was some
show of resentment at this order, and
the launch headed for the shore, but
miscalculated its course, and striking
the strong undertow caused by a mill
race rocked for a moment. The pas
sengers rushed to one side an/ the
launch turned turtle.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— Ten per
sons were drowned as the result of the
capsizing of a naptha launch on the
Potomac River off Georgetown, dur
ing the annual Potomac regatta, this
afternoon. Four ethers who were on
the launch escaped. All but one lived
in this city. The dead:
ANDREW J. BOOSE, about 35 years
old, a salesman, formerly 6t Asheville,
N. C.
RENO, Nev., Aug. 13.— Sparks is now
undergoing the novel experience of
having a boycott placed upon its post
office. The people of the new railroad
division town adjoining this city Mon
day held a meeting and resolved that
In the future they will not have their
mail received there, neither will they
mail letters in the new town. The ac
tion was taken after much complaint
of unsatisfactory service in the deliv
ery and sending of letters from the
town. Postmaster Summerfleld de
pends for his salary upon the cancella
tion. The action of the citizens will de
prive him of his Income, and if present
conditions continue the Government
will be compelled to abolish the office,
notwithstanding the fact that the town
has a population of 1200 people. Boxes
have been established at the different
business houses. The people deposit
their letters in these and they are sent
to Reno to be mailed. The Reno post
office Is noticing: the increase in busi
ness caused by this action.
ESOPUS. N. T.. Augr. 13.— Judge
Parker has decided to take a rest from
politics for a couple of days, and to
that end will po to a mountain club in
the Catskills to spend to-morrow and
Monday. Ho tvIJ1 be accompanied by
Mrs. Parker.
Judge and Mrs. Parker expect to gro
to St. Louis soon, where they will be
the guests of Mrs. Daniel Manning and
visit the exposition.
It Is Judge Parker's purpose to elim
inate politics upon that occasion, but
plans have already been laid to hold a
public reception, so that the Western
Democrats will be able to make his ac
quaintance.
Hoke Smith, Secretary of the Interior
under President Cleveland, accom
panied by his son Marion, visitod Rose
mount this afternoon. He told Judge
Parker that he would make a number
of specehes during the campaign. To
newspaper men Smith said he believed
the people would awaken to Judge
Parker's sterling character, and that
Democratic success would be the re
sult.
Unavailing Protest Against
Continuance of the Kaces
Is Made After the Tragedy
Heavy Falling Off in the
Cancellations 3Iay Cause
a Closing of the Office
Beception Being Arranged
in Order to Enable Him
to Meet Leaders of Party
WILL SEE EXPOSITION
LIVES 0F-.F0UK- SAVED
OBJECT TO THE SERVICE
Democratic Nominee for the
Presidency Decides, Upon
Making Trip to the West
People Have a Grievance at
Sparks Official and Plan
to Send the Mail to Keno
Disaster Overtakes Launch
Party During Progress of
Annual Potomac Eegatta
NOW BOYCOTT
A POSTOFFICE
BOAT CAPSIZES
AND TEN DROWN
JUDGE PARKER
TO VISIT FAIR
CROCKETT WILL
OPEN TOWN TO
GRAND COUNCIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904.
28
! IMPORTANT TO FARMERS |
• •
• BAGS-BAGS-BAGS |
• By order of the State Board ©
• of Prison Directors I am au- •
5 thorized to sell grain bags in 5
q any quantity above five hnn- q
9 dred (500) at $4.75 per hun- q
O dred. Bags delivered free in 0
• San Francisco, and orders must O
© be accompanied with cash or ©
© bank exchange on San Fran- •
2 cisco, and an affidavit made be- ?
0 fore a Notary Public or Justice S
9 of the Peace that they are for q
v the consumer's use. Blank affi- w
• davits can be had upon appli- •
© cation to me. •
• J. W. TOMPKINS, Warden. O
© San Quentin, August 10, 1004. ©
OOOOOOOOOGOOOOOOCOOOOO
EDISON
Gold Moulded Records
Reduced ODC Each.
Concert Records - - - 75c Each
PETER BACIGALUPI
Edison Phonograph Agency
Heaflquarten for th* Faelflo Coast
786-788 Mission Street, San Francisc*
Opea Saturday Evoalayi.
S\A/E/\K7V\EIN
DR. HAIX'S REXNVIGORATOR
stops all losses and unnatural dis-
charges In 24 hours. You feel aa
Improvement from U>« first doso.
We h»v» ao mucb conSdencs la our
treatment that w» offer Five- Hun-
dred reward for any caa* w* can-
not cure. Thla secrst remedy cure*
lost power, nightly emissions, wuttd organs
varlcocele. sleet, strictures, kidneys, falUn*
memory, drains In the urine, eonorrhea, dla-
eas* of the postato slands and all other terri-
ble effects of aelf-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death Positively curej
the worst cases in old or young of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of ta« dlscharse aad
wanting to do, and you can't. Sent sealed $2
per bottle; thrw bottlea. J5. Ouaranteed
cure any case.
Call or address orders IIAU,'8 MEDICTat;
IN'STITUTE. S55 Broadway. Oakland CiL
Also for sale at 1073% Market St.. S yj Send
for f reo book.
Woman
HWft« tW^Vlim U *ad »hould know
K40^-V\rSM|r\ .. about the wonjfrfr.l
KW^-V'^M M MA^tI- Whirling Spray
V^TSsN^SV^V ttonand Surti^n. l!fst->af-
st -yc«t ConTenlent.
itti»a«»«i..i«»uj.
likj«r<nu,l.tf«lt. \1. Jul >^**^T N «»
MARVK1,, accept no / 'm?'&>-^^
other, bat tend stamp for «hk. 'rCi'/wAs
Ulastntedbook-wJU. itglTea / '¦% < Y
fall particulars and directions In- K"> I a
Talnablr to Udies. M ARVKL CO.,TJ,v . M
41ParkItetr, .Vwlorli.
182 New Montgomery, Ban Francisco. CaL
William Uatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Dm* Co.. 400 Eutter and 100 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy. ...................119 EliU
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OT7AEANT3TED CUK23 7OS mnr.
HATtMT.FSa Or JSCTXOar. Cures ordinary
cases In a tew days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. HO OTHXS TSSAxaCBXrS
S£QTJ1SI2Z>. Prevents and Cures Stria-
tures. 7ZUBVS2TTS C0HTAGI03T. Harm-
less. J2.00 for both bottles. Tor aala only.
V. S. KEUCT'S 7SAXKA0T. 102 Eciay,
ADVERTISF^B-VrS.
WOMAN'S BREAST
vmAmm
Aiytamir.!amp,or tore fo the llp.faoi
•r anywhere six months Is nearly
always C&ncer. They never pain
until almost past eorel
Tiro Phjsidans Offer $1611 if Thej
Fail to Core Ao j Single Cancer
Vnthont KNIFE OE PAIN *t WAT.P PRICE
for 30dajs.
Not a dollar need be paid until cored.
An Island shrub or plant makes th« curst
the cost wesderf al discovery on earth to-day.
Best book on cancers ever printed sent free
with testimonials of thousands cured whom
yoo cab s««. A
£ m- stxam** 'nmaJl luzsp In the
'A ll if R "X K'-anJ* In th» trm-
Nj pitt w^ 8r * cur< ls
jflBaSEEBBBBk 1 1 e n Impossible
/5i^^g.VJ5c<2^?STO$» S* Dd <lf*tfa certain.
I /"P59y 4 t 4 lC*3Zw» liaT«curediuor«
n I fev * <ti.yv^»gfyfaSj J 1 <?»nKra th»n any
\J J^iij^-^tfcifr&fytp \ ot * ier doctors living.
DR. £ MRS. DR. CHaVlEY & CO.
"STRICTLY. RELIABLE."
Offices 23 & 25 Third Si, San Francisco
SESI> TO SOJIEOJTO WITH CAACEB.
DRESSERS AND CHIFFONIERS
V_ We have some very fine designs in Dressers and Chiffoniers, just
received from the factories, ranging in price from $9.00 and $11.00
upward, all late patterns. We also have a large stock of Iron and
Brass Beds, Bedroom Sets of • all kinds, Parlor Goods, Carpets,
Mattings, Draperies, etc. Call in and look at goods and compare
our prices. You will find that we can save you fully 20 per cent, as
we are the only furniture house in this city that does not add rent
to cost of goods. We will make terms to suit your purse
THE J; NOONAN FURNITURE CO.
1017-1023 Mission St., Above Sixth.
J "TmPTATioFFL
ONE OF BRYSOITS VERY LATEST
AND MOST POPULAR PRODUCTIONS
| FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY CALL
;; "TEMPTATION" [
This is an exceptionally devet Art Supplement and will prove a winner, so it
will be well to place your order for NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL well in advance.
SOLD ; Ask your local dealer for The Call PRIGE }
EVERYWHERE Ask the train newsboy for The Call FIVE CENTS
ADVERTISEMENTS. ———»»«_
Ex traor d i nary
__fga \ShoeBea"Q"ains
Ijjl for tke WceK
m bargains for N\
trade bringers this \V
: -^^^»w poIicy * or \v
// a cons^ an^ c^ earance * \v
// The role is: Keep
If stocks clean. We are closing out these three \\
II lines. Plenty of every size and width. >\
II Ladies' $2*50 Shoes $L80 u
// LADIES' VICI KID SHOES— Lace or button, military heel V
// and patent leather tips* Sizes 2 to 8; widths from AA to I
// EE. A very stylish shoe and a serviceable one. I
Misses* and Children's Shoes— Snaps
MISSES'and CHILDREN'S CHILDREN'S SHOES— I
II SHOES— For dress or school Vici kid, patent leather tips,- /
I \ wear. Made of vici kid with lace or button style. Oak //
\\ patent leather tips or all soles, sole leather counters and //
\\ box calf, lace or button 5j*Jg- latest foot-form last. //
\\ i. i c- 11 l t ij*'t Ke S*ilar price $1.25, QE?- If
\\ style. Sizes 1 J to 2, widths this week 7^C //
\\ fr nm A to EE Oak snles „. in ¦¦ //
\ pricc$ 1. 50,thisweek V_J Jj® W^M
PROMPTLY NX^ ""// ""^
612-614 Markets. PhelanBkte.The scheme proposes to provide
greatly increased wharf age and shed
accommodations, with deep water
berths along the foreshore, and im
proved methods of dealing with cargo.
The complete scheme, which It Is pro
posed should be carried out as the
finances of the board will conveniently
allow," will provide accommodation
for fifty steamers and about twenty
last Monday the Orpheuza manage
ment sent a motion picture operator
to the N scene and got permission for
him to put his camera on board the
torpedo-boat des/royer Preble. Sev
eral hundred feet of film was mada
and the result la surprisingly good.
The pictures will be shown for the
first time this afternoon at the Or
pheum.
Will Show Battleship Ohio.
When the speed trial of the United
States battleship Ohio was held at
Santa Barbara Channel a week ago
sailing vessels, varying from tha larg
est size downward, and will give all
the facilities that are likely to be
called for in this port for years to
come.
are now enjoying: the luxury of get
ting to bed twice a week before mid
night have to thank Mr. Seddon's tem
porary loss of health for his sudden
return to reason."
The Auckland Harbor Board has
under consideration an elaborate
scheme of harbor improvements,
based on proposals recently submitted
by the board's engineer, "W. H. Hamer.
The first visit to Auckland of Lord
Plunket, the new Governor of the col
ony, took place on July 16, under the
most favorable circumstances. The
weather, which had been damp and
gloomy, cleared up and the day was all
that could be desired. The reception ac
corded to Lord Plunket should be an
assurance to his Excellency that the
warmest of welcomes will await Lady
Plunket and himself when his duties
will permit them to take up their resi
dence in New Zealand. Lord Plunket
was accompanied on his visit by Mr.
Beddon, the Premier.
The second session of the present
Parliament was opened by Lord
Plunket on June 28. Mr. Seddon,
the Premier, on account of in health
was not expected, but. he was present
for duty and looking remarkably well
and vigorous. Anent this the Welling
ton correspondent of the Melbourne
Argus wrote:
"Ajb Ions as he (Mr. Seddon) was
well the Inhuman' and Immoral
method of legislation by exhaustion,
as it is commonly termed, has been
one of his favorite devices. It has
been no uncommon thine for the
House of Representatives, which be
gins its sittings at 2:80 in the after
noon, to work for an average of two
hours after midnight during a session
of four or five months, and during the
last few weeks of the session. ' when
the most Important bills and the most
unpresentable Jobs are going: through,
several consecutive sittings will often
last till 4 or 5 in the morning. Mr.
Seddon finds in the somnolent and
fuddled heads the listless and jaded
tempers which result from this pro
cess, material far more plastic to his
purpose than a House in which the
ordinary allowance of sleep has main
tained the ordinary degree of alert
ness. For years the brutal practice
has continued.' but now, , not out of
deference to public opinion or to the
protests of members themselves, but
because his own health will no longer
stand it, Mr. Seddon has consented to
a change. For a month, at any rate,
the experiment of early closing is to
be tried, the House meeting at 10:30
a. xn. on two days in every week onft
rising at 10:30 p. m. Members who
tended by 34.000 people, who assembled
to witness the first of a Beries of Inter
national or test football matches be
tween Great Britain and Australia, the
result of which was a victory for the
visitors by 17 points to nil. The match
was a most exciting one. In the first
half the Australians put in the more
aggressive work, and were more fre
quently on the visitors' line than their
opponents were in the territory of the
Australian team, though the defense
was so very 6olid and the tackling so
certain that neither side was able to
gain, at the precise moment, the few
yards which would have given one
team the advantage in results over the
other.
XEW ZEALAND NOTES.
G<.r.eral Sir Edivard Hutton, G. O. C.
of -the Federal forces, made some
Bt^te/nents that created a decided sen
vlition and uneasiness throughout the
country. He insists that fully £500.000
must be spent upon stores and equip
ment before the "security of Australia
by land can be assured." On this topic
General Hutton wrote In* the follow
ing disturbing: strain:
'.'It has been shown that a further
special warlike store vote of £443,683
is required for stores, and that to pro
vide the complete military system as
stated an annual outlay of £C00,419
is. necessary.
iThis expenditure trill provide for
a field force, complete in all its de
tcils, and fit for active operations of
IS'.SSl men and sixty guns upon a
peace footing and 27,753 men and
eighty-four gur.s upon a war footing.
It trill further provide a garrison force
cf 11,752 men and twenty-six guns,
exclusive of the armament of the fixed
d'e/eriEes, with behind them an Ini
¦ jxfrtant auxiliary force of approxi
• mately 29,000 riflemen furnished by
• the. rifle clubs. The troops thus pro
vided are the least number which
.would afford reasonable security
against invasion, and which would
suffice for the present protection of
Australian Interests."
..•General Hutton concluded as fol
lows:
.*' "It is impossible to raw the.mili
tary situation in Australia, in face of
the momentous changes taking plac»
.^n thfe balance of power in the East,
"without grave misgivings. Thevictories
of the Japanese arms within the last
f.our months have astounded the whole
¦f'-ivilized world by their brilliancy and
• l?y their astonishing rapidity. The fu
ture and: far-reaching results of the
war have yet to be felf, but it Is safe
;'o 'predict that the opening up of
' China will follow as a result, which,
tog'ether with the opening of the canal
In a rcrcrt presented to the Aus
tr.-,3ian Parliament June 30 Major
The Sydney Herald, July 8, eatd^ One
of the fastest passages that has "ever
been accomplished across the Pacific
on the run between San Francisco and
Sydney was made by the Oceanic liner
Ventura, which arrived here shortly
after 3 o'clock yesterday morning. The
time occupied on the voyage "was
twenty days and twelve hours, the
actual steaming time being eighteen
days and twenty-three hours. The run
to Auckland was made in fifteen days
and sixteen hours. After discharging
her New Zealand cargo the Ventura
continued her voyage to Sydney, mak
ing the run across the Tasman Sea in
three days and seven hours. She sails
again on Monday, the 18th test.
The Sydney Cricket Ground was at-
VEXTURA'S PAST RUN.
Major General Sir Edward Hutton
will return to England early in No
vember. He will not seek an exten
sion of his present engagement r*s Q.
O. C. of the Federal foroes. Judging
by the remarks which he makes hi bin
annual report, however, he considers
that his successor should be an of
ficer of the imperial forces.
Although admitting that thens art.
more pressing requirements In the
Federal defense system. than the es
tablishment of a military colleges, Ma
jor General Sir Edward Hutton, in his
cxnual report, again urges that such
an Institution Is wanted in Australia.
The Sydney Herald of July 4, com
menting editorially on the financial
statement lately Issued by the Federal
Government, says:
"Once again the official statement
of the public accounts has falsified the
anticipations of the Treasurer. Little
more than a month ago the country
was told by him that he expected the
year would close with a debit of £200.
000. The amount of the deficiency on
the consolidated revenue account Is
£524,000. A year ago the debit was
£484.000. The Government has spent
Its ample Income for the year of
£11,458.000 and £40,000 In addition.
That represents tha measure of econ
omy of which the Treasurer has been
boasting for many months past How
the result compares with the perform
ances of some previous yean may be
seen from the net revenue and ex
penditure as given by Mr. Coghlan:
N«t N«t
Revenue. Expenditure*. Drtlcleacy.
189* ...£6,673,000 £ »,6e2.000 ......
J»00 ... 9,973.000 10,086,000 £113,000
1*01 ... 10,612,000 10,729,000 117,000
l»02 ... 11.007.000 11,020,000 13,000
1903 ... 11.29S.000 -11,467.000 171,000
13!H ... 11.453,000 11.B8S.O0O 1S5.0W
The revenue Increased In five years
by about 20 per cent, exclusive of Fed
eral drafts, and it has given the State
Government about £7,000,000 in excess
of what was required in the previous
quinquennium— yet that did not suffice.
The Government has spent more than
£500,000 beyond this amount, converting
a credit balance on the consolidated
revenue fund in the meantime into a
debit of £524,000.
The report called forth strong 1 news
paper comments on the situation and
sharp attacks on those deemed re
sponsible therefor. Tho Melbourne
Airus of July 4 said editorially:
'•Major General Sir Edward Kutton
has not minced matters or attempted
to gloss over errors of policy or defects
of administration. His candid, straight
spoken n-ords give every legislator and
elector an opportunity of understanding
the present condition of our defenses
and what is needed to bring them up to
the required standard of efficiency.
• • • Politicians absorbed in the par
ty struggles of local public life seldom
think of the seemingly remote chances
of external attack, but as the Pacific
Ocean is fast becoming the storm cen
ter of international politics Australia,
for its own sake and for the sake of the
empire, should have its defenses all in
order."
The Sydney Herald of July 5 also
spoke out as follows:
"Australia would be helpless in face
of a force of some 50,000 troops which
had been enabled to land. If such an
invasion were to take place to-morrow
we have no men to meet the enemy.
That is a sufficiently startling state
ment, especially in view of the devel
opments in the Far East. Supposing
that the war now raging there should
end In the strengthening of Japan's po
sition, how shall we in Australia fare?
Our immigration laws are directly cal
culated to hurt the pride of a great na
tion. TVe keep out individuals by means
of our vigilant customs officers, but it
will be impossible to divert an army
from its purpose in this way. Yet, fail
ing the protection of the British fleet,
we have nothing except our intelligent
customs officers to oppose to invasion.
Once the enemy is landed in sufficient
force we have no resource. Our citizen
army, according to General Hutton, is
inadequate, and it will not be adequate
until somewhere about 1908. Even then
the efficiency of the force is dependent
upon the obedience of the civil authori
ties to military advice.
"MeanTv-hile the blame for all that
we deplore in our military unprepar
edness lies chiefly with the various
Ministers we hava had in the com
monwealth. They have all been" too
much occupied with anything rather
than Australian defense and they
have at the bidding of the party now
in power submissively accepted cuts
from the pruning knife, which direct
ed against gold lace at headquarters
have struck home in the efficiency
and enthusiasm of local defense. Is
It too late to look for a reversal of
this bad Federal form?"
MINISTRY PROMISES.
*¦ An animated debate took place in
the Senate July 13 in reference to the
inefficient squipment of the Australian
forces. The Minister for Defense said
that most of the things urged as nec
essary by General Hutton would be
provided for in the next estimates.
across the Isthmus of Panama, will
materially alter the existing: political
and commercial situation in the Pa
cific.
"It is certain that commercial su
premacy in the Pacific will be the aim
of the leading naval and military
powers and that Australian interests
mu?t thereby be seriously compro
mised, unless effectively secured by a
rer^onable measure of military de
fense."
VIGOROUS COMMENTS.
Australians Look to iheir Defenses and Com
:• manding General Demands £^00,000 for
V immediate Equipment of Federal Troops
JAPAN'S GROWING SHADOW CAUSES
ALARM IN SOUTH PACIFIC LANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1901.
29
JOB KOSEXBERG'S. [ JOE ROSEXBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. \ JOE ROSEXBERG'S.
B^ .with our store., Read every ni&i oaur nAnurv
_, .^^ ===^^^-- itcm , t , s a case herc you 5AVh mUNhi |
SOME GOOD COSSETS NEMO — AUGUST ZS THE MONTH OP OTXB GOOD SHIP TO THOSE WEO ASS WAITING
IN COBEECT SHAPES The self-reducing Corset. The BARGAINS. Has brought us in five cases Of *<>» SOME 2SOSE OP THOSE SAO-
AT A IiOW 3PK.ICE HAVE AEEIVED. stout woman s mend. A woman's A Oood T^e to Tc«t the Stores' Ad- • underwear, which we have marked XiAW A7KONS —
La Bonitn Corsets, made of im- i!lX <««' a nerf eS'^FJ aF fnfZ^A vertinements. See Who Exa»?erat«s exceedingly low; you'll think so if our good ship has brought us an-
ported sateen, low bust straight Kwnman Gives th» Pff££t r,? an<1 Wlxo Untexstate*. we have your presence here this other lot of them. It covers dresa
front, princess hip; double side "ffi. wn to a thin woman »nfl r, week to Inspect them. back and front ami ruffles over
steels, lace trimmed, unlined. also ** u " ™» $ * of tnl ™o «neroua HOSE— shoulder and around the bottom.
has reinforced tape inside so as to ° ¦"' p" MaAe of imported coutm? For stout -women; made of velvet IiADIES' VESTS — Made of Amoskeag Binsham. in
prevent stretching. You never Jid boned with 'tempered steel finished cotton; stainless f\Q^ Low neck and no sleeves; finished large and small check. Qf\
SMii&ThkSr.. S^..t 50c hl^S.™wlfo poo ia^S l d PHfe\!^^ w A d . e :.. a . u .!: z . e . s :25c .s^.jfSSj, &%Jr£*TT£ m ¦ 50c
4^'^ Sd T^to^to^om^ a^ WH.LIE JACOBS " ?nl^ i'^h^SS?:. .7.^? *"C OUR OOOD SKIP
THE GOOD SHIP jnsnect' these. You would not be- Has helped the good ship along by ¦ Has brought us a great many fall
Has brought us another lot of lieve you could get as a* ¦* C/\ giving us some good offerings of LADIES' VESTS — . goods. We are reducing prices to
those A LA PAKISIENKE TAPE pood a corset an this for Tk I Sll his best line of ladies' shirt waists. High neck and lone sleeves- Jersey reduce stock. Here are some good
COSSETS. N'ew French empire sucn little money as.. 4»*»i^V/ such as the Marquise, known all knit; summer weight; the 'perfect wrappers, priced so as to please
shape. Made of double-faced all- over the States for fit and wearing shaped kind- made of Ekvd- #%n th « most economical shopper. Made
silk satin ribbon, corded edge, MOTHERS— durabilities. Made of pure Irish tian throad-* in whit« oniv 7Sp of colored percales, stripes and
length in back five inches, with a Who hflVe had their children w M r llnen - satin damask and mercerized • pfice y ' d°ts. tight fitting lining, deep
nine-inch straight front steel. In S n h ° hrlnd of hose SDMk n? tT/m oxfords. All with new puff sleeves. rice flounce, rpaulettea over the shoul-
pink. blue, white. .Real «f H An ,?AT th^ hlehest oralse a Jr«iS detachable collars, hemstitched, 30o and S5o I.adje«' Handkerchiefs ders, back, front and collar trim-
worth Z2. At the Price Tk | IJfj 1 "! ri i of double twktArt^rnn ' tuck/<; also teneriffe worked. Sizes . 9o in Earg-aln Basement. med with a fancy wash mn
cutt "'- * 1 - w sr£9"£S3-4«'" ra^ 3 q uv^p 8 i.p rl «...9 5o a««s-»s«»« Sst as]9&a 75c
Bttt S > oS>grJ'A5fSS I ffi' '" K ~ s • ' ' • ' «»!«• txohts- SLJE-USSS-. pi^ e . 'HT, «"«» SSS^Sff Poa "^
Way It Cuts. HAIRPINS— Made ot double twisted thread; of tailor stitched bands around tha UTTT.B ONES.
Razor edge and different kinds of Four packages ma box; invisible. Swiss ribbed; kid fitting tops and fiouncei Generously made in width High neck and loner sleeves; jersey
handles; seven, eight and «^r« straight. crtnKiea and #%¥/ ankle length; in blue only. r*f\~. a-"^ length. Instead of f\r* knitted; fleece lined; in gray #%r«
nine inches long. Price /^C heavy kind. Price, a box. . /./-^Q. hence the reduction. Mon- jliC $1.50 and 51.75. price *JjC or ecru; all sizes. Pants to Sjf*
h " /v " "* v day wrvv low -^ww match. Price fc***W
LADIES' PETTICOAT— II il OTXR^OOOD SHIP HAS BROUGHT tJS SOUS MOBS
Made of Fruit of the Loom Muslin, trimmed with fH -» OP 4HOSE CELEBRATED EATSER WOVEJT PIWOEB
a deep hemstitched flounce and Normandy Valen- *±%jC jty TIPPED GIiOVES— f
ciennes lace; well made and full width. Price.. . . j />^r A " Second to none; mads of English lisle thread: 3 rows of
- *.^._^>.. ii't-''l'.'l'j'iriV..'' ' ' \ • ' sw&W/ / s A& Ft stitching on the back; 2 patent clasps; in gun- r»/\
INDIES' P2TTICOA7- . » )<S&gg§y/ AJ/^ metal - mode - champagne, b.ack and white; kid in SfJC
Made of s««ft bleached cambric, trimmed with a xn ' ' \ A \ l !^^ S^dSr/'^S\s S-rosi^^^^VV fi t and rtnish. but not so in price www
12-inch floun<-e of embroidery and tucks, also dust HjC \ \ «\ \\'/^®»'^^r > /S-J /^sSP94^*~' N \\\
ruflle. Instead of &0c, at the Price Cutter's Monday \ X \\\\-WSr^r~ \X$$\. SOROSIS, Qneen of all Kid Gloves —
— _ „«« „,„ ¦»-.» B.ATrnrm tto cm™ t»»wt ». n. VvVwW'jfl'yi T#» tv£ir?3' N\A ' »\\\\\\\ffl Made of picked lambskin; stitched with a heavy twilled
OU3 OOOD SHIP HAS BROUGHT VS SOME PABI- V O V \S^ Vli^f '^P^>^^-VsX\\ v v \\\ \\\\\\V\V\ \?A silk' cu^«;ets bptwee-i flncera to add to comfort and
S"LN VEILS TOR HAT DRAPES AND TACE PBO- , L iNrK$' . >\\u\v.U VM fit; 2 patent claaps: in mode, brown. English ff"t f\f\
TEOTCES— c n £g&||||£SS^: *92QbS#pS> <gfflt^gHB>m\\\TO^\UU\?f 1 fflH 1 tans, black and white: fitted and guaran- (JO
Made of French silk fancy flowered borders: 53 JjjC * ~ /feQ&>$%fif "^^ffiiilv (Av*!^! itvjf teed. Price 43I.WV
* "" -=^X fi^^^^^9^^^^^\f|nil|m [fi&iS/»i^ THB GOOD SHTP HAS BROUGHT US SOME WECX-
ALtOVEE LACE- ~=^" Vfv^Ji^P^^iS^S^^ j) Ml W 'MVr/MSr^ WEAR TO ADD CHIC TO YOUR DSES3.
For dress or millinery purposes: made in the new 3C_ «T2^!S» y^PP^' > sAz\ THE B^STER BROWN COLLAR—
Breton patterns; full IS inches wide; in white J3C -J^S^^*«^^S. Jylg^wM '4' WHgM f/M^M&M \ ~W^fj*$\ Made of butcher linen and embroidered in neat **n
and ecru. Price j/^^Z-^^S^M^^^ 'oft&gMg&rM \^r jrJt^i^i and dainty patterns; eyelets in each end through /TC
HAND-MADE TEXJERIZTE DOYLIES. '^^B^i^^^^^^^^^^S^^f^^l^/^^ which you may put ribbons and tie a bow. Price faUV '
In a round effect: T inches wide; pure linen cen- -|F7 ===^^^&^^^^^§t*^^^^^^^S^^^ %%fyn$fi -^ HERE IS A LACE COLLAR AND TAB—
tf-r. You could not buy the material for the price l(Q, j/l.W^^^^^^^^^^^&^mSS^^MiS^i 1 !/^ S%1 1 "S- Far underpriced; made of Point do Venice lace; •« t-t
w<? ask for these complete " X^V^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^t^^ ft //~ ' ' ln the real Russlan designs; in be!?e color. | (Q
OUR GOOD SHIP HAS BROUGHT US THOUSANDS OF *=^»^r jIlM&S^Sk.- *^B^gSE^^^^^^fc-/^<«r5^<V^ JSk // j P rlc » •••
YARDS Or RIBBONS IN ALL COLORS OP THE ~~Z^ SJ^^^^'* g^ ?(fj I POB TE:E UP-TO-DATE WOMA^-
B^? I \ BOW ~,, .11 t^ w ...«._. r , u J&l Hor « *¦ Extra Deep LACE CAPE COLLAR of Point
Ma do of all-silk Duchess F^tln taffeta, o inches ¦miIiJl^' "^?T>- -sfS^^^g^^g^SSilS^^^^^Pi^^ s&i&r de Gens Lace
wide; the good washing kind. Instead of <5c, £$£ SM\ jF* Full 9 inches wide: in bud and rose designs; tf- 1 f\^
Monday's and Tuesday's price -*«^^-s^ !^wS^^^^ ?: >^ 1^ V/ I extra deep scalloped. Instead of $2 75. at W3
RIBBON BOWS TIED f —^ '^^I^M^^r the Price Cutter's
In Many Different 2Tew Styles — Pre« by Experts. ;£_ ¦- _
yrg^^a^-tg^^^a^^ CORSET COVERS— «
LADIES' GOWNS — -^^ st^*^^^^^^^^^>«-^— " I Mado of soft bleached muslin, tight fitting. Jlor.- J f*
Made of I/Onsdale Mu?Hn; V-shaped neck with " r^^S^S^^ day's price 1W
Fix rows of tucks: neck and sleeves trimmed jyC """ r _7^*snz£Z£x—— .<- .,_„„, rnT?qri< c-^irT-n<i
_.i t^ >.„_,„. itemed rnPle Price v < v # -*a^^J+***X** jo» LADIES LOttSLi Cv>»£S3— 4 f\
witn nemstucnea rurae. i-rice _—=s3y^= Made of cambric French style: neck and arm- 1 Qn
LADIES 1 GOWN— il I I fa 'P fS f\?^ fi? fJS H SP 1^ &* A P4 A B? ELB£ l bA£llF' holes, trimmed with hemsttiched rufH^a. Price.. »'W
Made of cambric. Trilby yoke trimmed with tucks and S I E B VJ Iff iff II B Ini B ffl^ R lik&iSAV* fflflflE^ii 1 TWO CASES OP MUSLUT UNDERWEAR
embroidery insertion; neck and Pleeves finished /n \J \J f\ \JWwft# vIBBB Vr^lTlUB HVlVgBa Tnat Our Good Snip Brontrht Alontr. TH87 will Tj» a snr-
with hemstitched lawn ruffle: liberal in length QJC " • "• ¦ w» • mm -—-. , ri ie to Ton for Wi»t You Hw« Paid and Wlirt W« WU1
and width. Instead of 90c. Monday's price ¦ww^ ' Bell Them Pop.
i LADIES' PATEHTT KHITTED HAVE YOT7 SEEK THE TJP-TO- CHILDREH'S KAKDEERCHIEPS — LADIES' SUITMEB. UNDERSKIRTS—' WB WILL PLACE OW OTJR BAR-
DRAWERS — DATE WHITE BACK COMB? Made of strong white lawn, neat PRICED LOW — GAXBT COUNTER SOME BLACK OA-
Jersey knit; summer weight; made " Made of genuine white tortons na^S^ h . e^ 1 il5i tch ® d bor " Th« good washing kind. Made of LOOJT LACE AHD POINT DE PARIS
of double twisted thread: umbrella shell; it Is shaped so as to retain isow, apiece j^ mercerized chambray. trimmed with INSERTIONS —
shape; trimmed with wide Torchon the stray hair in place; smooth fin- ', ; two ruffles. Also dust ruffle. Tailor In zigzlls straight edge and flower
lace; French band; buttons on side ished top. set with brilliant rhino- / N stitched seams In a shaded rose designs. In black, white .and In
and drawing string; no iron- P»A rt "tones. Our good ship ryn _ crniriri cncCI fiT5 n wiii hi -nil? for " AQ/» Arabian colors. 16c, 15c and 25o Sf*
ing or starch needed; easily brought these to us so that 71>C |REE ! iREE' tlty " U1 for.... l^J^ qualities. Marked to close «->W
washed. Price w^^ Wfi can sell tnem for mw ¦ ¦«¦-«_• ¦ ¦»*-*- •
_ Every lady brinsrinsr or sead- ¦ 1 SACRIPICB XN SUMMER GOODS
LADIES' SILK VESTS— Hnnp , t Valllt»«i Stitrhpd In? tnis adv. In is entiUod to a | a\a Values In Small Print NOW IN ORDER k
Far underpriced; low neck and no nOneSl values OlllCrlCa 60-inch Tan* Measnre, nnm- I D«5 *«"«c a •" Ol " " svBRnm-p-Rrr<i
SiS! i BS SS%£; I With Truthful Words. | SKfi I from the Small Store. 1 »^^-^
THESE— AND BROUGHT US TWO CASES OP Buttonhole edge. Price, a jard
LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS— Ping Are Piflf. tut » Good Pin IB Rare. X>^ a I^'* K ?,f^T B i.. «+„?„!„.. AMOLIN DRESS SHIELDS— EMBROIDERY BEADING—
The Oncita style, which buttons Here are some made of a combina- wu knfl teir ¦ W^» which destroys all odor of perspir- Finished edge, from one to three
across the shou der; high neck and t ion of aluminoid and steel, which SStarth wd lowDriai ¦ "^ * Uon and absorbs like a sponge. It inches wide, good open patterns, so
long sleeves, ankle length; made of wI11 not break or bend; needle point- B lengtn ana low price... - Jg the coolest and most comfortable that most any width of ribbon r>
fleece-lined Egyptian thread: e a. They are pinned on black >¦¦ v shield made. It is velvet covered may be run through. Price, aflC
ium weight; in ecru. It will pay papers. Worth a dozen of 4 g\ -* * '- ;^ -.' and filled with lint chemically pre- yard % . m **
you to lay them aside when nfl any other make; only to be 1 IIC ¦ 4fe H" rt fi f\ P" Rin P" rt f% pared; also lined in Nainsook. #%C_ -,««—.«__«_
you can buy them at this low had here, A paper 1V^ lOlTDnVLEuuLDl" Health authorities recom- 7jC bost OI"AW—
price liSi.nlla\ll«nrnll mend. Price ' Tho pompadour or hair puff, which
raw . BM^«™™ THE ooox> SHIP— .11 I I" ilUULIlULJIU are used in place of rats. It pr^
OUR GOOD SHIP HAS BROUGHT US Ras brought us ,„ 60me more fl 0j IB H THIN WOMEN— vents hair from falling, also itch-
Some new drapes or auto veils; made offerings In handkerchiefs. Made of ** ** ¦" THE PRICE CUTTER jfg your own fault if you dont Ing scalps. It keeps the hair fresh
of all silk French chiffon; full 64 Swiss lawn in the newest patterns, „„..,.„. .. .... .. «. have a perfect round form. Here and dry and allows the free drcu-
inches long; finished with a liberty 80m e scalloped borders, others hem- RIB Market St. II Q FaFfCd St. Is an Improver made of Imported lation of air through the pompa-
Bilk ribbon border, hemstitched; stitched, some are slightly mussed. moinoi uu u uibiisu mu summer netting, fits snugly over dour. It gives the correct contour
brown, blue, champagne and Real worth 20c and 25c. On f\ ...«,» ,*..¦»¦»*.« unTimmm y° ur bust and underneath (%n and cannot crush. Only to Apt
black. At the Price Cut- /|)Q our bargain counter Mon- \)Q KAHi ORDERS SOLICITED. the arms. In white only...., £j£ be had at the Pries Cutter** 2jQ
B
lilADlNG BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.
Ov*r U Port e».. Sin Franc!sc<v Cal.
t*tfet. «0 yean. Open entire year.day A. debt. I
• •¦ Tfrite fcr circular* (free).
V0\ iIFYFfflVriT school of mvsic
• SAX FRAXCISCO. Establlsijed 1895.
Pr*-«n-.!n*i:t!r C:e largest and best
• *<zi:ift*3 school ea the Pacific Coast^^Ser-
Sr? .all the advastajes of Eastern and
•£urrpe&n ccaservatoriea for a thorough
Eorlcal educa.tSon. Prorpectus npoi^ ap-
, t"CS-tJca. Vleitors to the VTorld'a Fair. St.
Lo-jfe, tre Inrlted to examine the exhibit
cf the rchool. Educational Bulldlsc Call*
tensi* Pchool Er.h!h!t.
THE LYCEUM.
• Aa accrwilted preparatory achool for th« nnl-
. yrr.-.y. lav ar.S zn*dlcal collerea. It well
known for It* careful and thorough work. Com.
au'd be with a«; we prepare you well; refer-
«ace». Preeldent 3crdan or any Stanford nro-
itstcr. Pfce:aa Buildlar.
_j L. H. GRAP. Ph. P.. Priaclpal.
• tMVJnS «/J3 BUSINESS COLLEGE
I: V i M fc? J "*BL^ Bockkeeplnj. Typing.
Mil /! OilOi -"^^fca^d, Femn»r.«h2p,
• I A H Ij k\I l\\X Ir.dlviiual lnatrucUOD.
fril j) ftN **V' i Ccr..Y:r.ci Course. J5 a
•««**»«*™»^"« month: fiay and eve.
Bancroft Bldg* 723 .Market 6t,
BELMONT SCHOOL
;FCR BOTE. BELMONT. CAL- Opens for x»«w
»up!U Aug. 13. For former pupil* Au«. 17.
W. T. REID. A. M.. Harrard, Head Master.
. PBffB&fT&KTEZH I* the most practical;
ggJ^5S^S2iS2 rec °roineride<J by ex-
eft3aS^i>^»fS^a pert court reporters.
EOTLM^'^CTmL'TiS Sen<3 * or Catalogue.
W^nBmac^xs 1S82 Market et.. 8. F.
St Mary's College,
' "¦ OA.yT.ATTP. CAL.
etudlea wia be r««uir.ed MON'DAT. Annit 1.
.1804. BP.O. ZEypXIAX. President.
U/CCTCpU Thorourh bu»Jnet« eota^e. Ear-
.11 L J I tnn luh. bookkeepicc. thorthaBd. ar-
BllPlurCC ithmetlc. Urebra. etc.. ClvU Ser-
DUtflNtoO ' %rit *- Ififltvtdaal ln»tructlon. Po-
»!tlocs for rraduAtes. 6 mo. (day)
LULLLCk U0 7 Market at., cor. Seventh.
« . . f*. r An «arc!!sjf at of
F6C?ll0ri\IOw « M ttufienu telli
V mj-*. . V. the «tory of oar
C I IVC Cv fUCtCM;stw bulld-
63W • --^O 1=C. new Idea*.
I & Ck Cm wholeaome college
V^x -=A«^ xjx«; CaUlcsu*.
ft5 Oc'.fiea <i*te are.. B. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVIJCGTOIC. Cavrornla. ." i
FIrirt t»rm of 19O3-O4 bee!r.» on AufJ«t 10.
WILLIAM WALKER A>'DER£ON, PriacJpaL
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN r.AFAHL, CAL.
V.ILL nL"(JJ'LN oa Aarast IS.
Apply to tht Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Bozrtisx «Dd day ccbool lor your k !adle« eal
I'ttle rlrla. 212« CallSomla etrtet. WU1 reop«a
Aucvit 1 1904. Accredited to the unlvertltlee.
EIJWAP.P B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
£A2»* RAFAEL. CAL.
Jbs5ct ecfc'Sol »eporat*. Fall terra b«rla« Aug.
17. ARTHUR CKOSUT. D.D., Head Maitsr.
COUSOS OP HOTEE SAMS.
BJLi: JCii:. CAL. Exclusively lor uua.rd:nf
. # uiCentB. Flfty-thlrJ year. /Courses: CXasiicai.
U!terar>'. £clcr.tiac Cor.«erva»ory. Coilcs*
prepa.r»'ory *ccr«filte4. laterc:ed!at« and Prl-
r.t-ry C'.itttJ. Studlej reiumed Tuesday. Acs-
tut 2. 19Ci.
PAZ>O ALTO ACJSJDEHV, one mile from
Staaicrd Cnlversjty — Hoys aad youns men
crrpTbd for Eumford, Berkeley or Eaau-m
colleges. Exceptional Adr&ntasea la Modern
L<at)ra&res aod Higher Uathenatica. Pall term
ttE'.r.t Atr-'t S2. For catalopj* addrts*
JU.TKABD smrLEY. Palo Altot Cal -
I' ii i in nil ii i ilirfM HllHil'llMMi l Jin ¦¦>*HW<ITTm i ftl
If Schlitz- Beer Is Just This-. 11
fjf Barley selected by a partner in our concern — from, .the best w|;
m barley that grows. And we malt it ourselves, V||
W Hops —^brought in large part from Bohemia — selected by our W\
i buyers from the finest hops in the world. m.
1 ' " ' u 1
I Water from six artesian wells bored 1400 feet to rock, 1
I Just a food and a tonic— bcewed with the extreme of cleanliness I
I _cooled in filtered air— sterilized after it is sealed. I
1 Schlitz beer is pure, because our process is cleanly,, and I
1 because the beer is filtered, then Pasteurized. j
n It does not ferment oh the stomach, because it is aged — aged I
U- for months in refrigerating rooms before it is marketed. ft
¦M w.a.hcalth drink without germs in it It gives you beer with- J|
m^x out biliousness. Ask for the brewery
S JmW^jMJw^^^^^^^^^ XM% ** sctc9 ~ SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD^-S** tcc*&c* jjj{
pr -^^^jfie geerlhat. Made Milwaukee FaniQUsIG. H. Umbsen & Co. have been ap
pointed agents of the new building of
the Merchants* Exchange. They are
also agents for offices in the Italian-
American Bank building: at Sacramen
to and Montgomery streets and for the
Wells-Fargo building at Second and
Mission streets. :> .^.v
The Sunset Realty Company has
been organized by W.L Busk and C.
B. Biggs, with offices at 927 Market
street. A specialty will be the leasing
of hotels and apartment and lodging
houses. .
Davidson & Leigh are acting as the
agents of O. C. Pratt Jr., who will
erect & four-story fireproof building
on two water lots, 45:10x275 feet, on
the east line of Spear street, 229 feet
north of Howard, and 'running
through to Steuart street. ,
F..Beaudry will build flats on the
northeast corner of. Hermann and La
guna streets to cost $16,000.
The Christian Hospital Association
will build a two-story sanitarium on
the north line of Chestnut street, near
Stockton, to cost $20,000.
The new. building . of the Mission
Bovee, Toy & Co. have sold for the
Matthews estate the southeast corner
of Grove and Cole streets, 127: 8%x
100 feet, with a three-room house for
$14,000. The same brokers have
leased to J. J. Gildea & Co. for Ed
ward E. Cook the four-story building
at 120S Market street for five years
for an aggregate rental of $70,000.
The Fisher Packing Company has
leased from Mrs. Dorothea Koppltz
the lot, 77:6x137:6 feet, on the west
line of Stockton street, 60 feet north
of North Point. ".>':
The local- business of Easton, Eld
ridge & Co. has been purchased by G.
H. Umbsen & Co. Easton. 'Eldrldge
& Co. will attend to colonization work.
LEASING ANT> RENTING.
Two auctions are announced by G.
H. Umbsen & Co. The first will take
place on Tuesday or the present week.
The properties to be sold include 78x
150 feet and twelve-room residence
on the west line of Chattanooga street.
175 feet north of Twenty-fourth; 25x
122:6 feet and two flats at 636 and 6 38
Cole street; 50x122:6 feet and cottage
at 1027 Capitol avenue; 24:3^x76:6
feet and two flats on the north side
of Greenwich street, 24 feet east of
Steiner; 25x90 feet and three-story
store and flats at 1076 Howard street;
building lots on Filbert street; south
west corner of Brannan street and
Brannan place, 25x100 feet, with two
story frame building; 25x101 feet on
the east line of Lotta street, 100 feet
south of Parnassus avenue: 25x137:6
feet. on the south side of Carl street,
157 feet west of Stanyan, and lots,
25x100 feet each, on the south line of
B street. 95 feet east of Fourth ave
nue. This will be a credit sale.
On Monday, August 22, G. H. Umb
sen & Co. will offer at auction the fol
lowing properties: For th« estate of
John Lyons, 50x75 feet and Improve
ments at 720 Natoma street and also
for the same estate property adapted
to : manufacturing purposes on the
northeast line of Eleventh street, be
tween Folsom and Harrison; 25x120
feet with two fiats and two cottages
at 429 and 429% Oak street and 322
and 322% Lily avenue; southeast cor
ner of Oak street and Central avenue,
49:5x110 feet, belonging to the Frank
Frates estate; lot 25x75 feet with two
dwellings at 237 and 237% Langton
street; lot 34x103:1% on the east side
of Devisadero street, 68 feet south of
Union; the property of the J. Phelan
estate on the northeast corner of
Twentieth and Missouri streets, lOOx
100 feet, with two dwellings; lot 25x
100 feet, with two flats, at 2862 and
2864 Twenty-second street; 5 4be north
east corner of Eleventh avenue and
California street, 32:6x100 feet, and a
ranch of 385 acres four miles north
east of Livermore. This will be a ref
eree sale. .
While there have been no sensation
al sales of local realty In th« last
week, the volume of business is con
sidered "by the brokers to be satisfac
tory. Several leases of good value are
reported. Two auction sales are an
nounced. Brokers report Interest In
newly opened subdivisions. The gen
eral situation remains entirely satis
factory. .
>6peck & Co. have sold the Antlers
property on the south line of Turk
street. '137:6 feet west of Hyde, for
L. H. Sly to Mrs. Charlotte F. Clark
and Charlotte H. "Wright. The lot is
45:10x137:6 feet, improved with a six
story and basement apartment-house
of 150 rooms that Is leased for ten
years at $925 a month, with a period
of eight years of lease still to run.
The price was $135,000. The same
brokers have sold for Mrs. Wright to
L. H. Sly a ranch of 800 acres near
Kenwood, Sonoma County, with im
provements.
Thomas D. Riordan and John J.
Quinn have sold the northwest corner
of Dupont and Clay streets, 57x65
feet, with three-story brick building,
for $53,000. The buyer is not named.
Guido Musto has bought 40x5*0 feet
and two-story and basement house on
the east line of Van Ness avenue, S5
feet so.uth of Green street, for $15,500.
The business of R. D. Cranston &
Sons will.be conducted hereafter un
der the name of the William Cranston
Company at 114 Montgomery street.
By the William Cranston Company
the following sales are reported:
Northwest corner of Forty-eighth ave
nue and J street, 57:6x100, Ralph
Thorbus to Arthur C. Campbell; lot
40x7S:6 and four flats on the south
line of Bay street, 70 feet east of
Leavenworth, Albert B. Clute to Mari
ana Bertola; lot 25xS0 feet on the west
line of Tremont avenue, 585 feet south
of Frederick street, Mrs. Emile Tous
sin to Charles Westwood; lot 25x120
feet on the east line of Twelfth ave
nue, 250 feet south of Point Lobos
avenue, the Hoffman estate to W. H.
Welch; lot 25x106:3 feet on the west
line of Masonic avenue, 59 feet north
of "Waller street, R. A. Cranston to A.
J. Donovan; lot 25x80 feet and the
three fiats on the northeast line of
Juniper street, 3S7 feet southeast of
Folsom, from Mrs. Ursula Yager to
H. Clark.
AUCTIONS TO COME.
The 'following sales are reported by
Oscar Heyman: Forty-nine lots near
the Oceanside House on private
terms; two lots on the west side of
Twenty-sixth avenue," 250 feet south
of Clay street, to Estella Harowitz and
Jeannette A. Hammond; lot 26:4x101
feet on the west line of Douglass
street, 35 feet south of Twenty-sev
enth, to John P. Nash; house and lot
on Wheat street, close to San Bruno
avenue, to Frank Barlow;, lot 52:Sx
101 feet on the west. line of Douglass
street, 61 feet south of Twenty-eighth,
to Margaret A. Ford; lot" 125x115 feet
in the. Abbey Homestead for $500.
The block bounded by Castro street,
Duboce avenue, Fourteenth and De
visadero streets has just been put on
the market in subdivisions. The Realty
Improvement Company, the owners of
the block, have expended more than
$20,000 on the leveling and grading of
the blocks the grading, sewering and
bituminizing of Devisadero street from
Duboce avenue to Fourteenth street
and the grading, sewering and bitumin
izing of Fourteenh street between Al
pine and Castro streets. The part of
Castro street fronting on this property
has also been sewered. The novel fea
ture of this subdivision is the laying out
of a park 100 feet long in the center of
the block on Devisadero street. The
park will contain a Lawn, trees and
shrubs and will add much to the ap
pearance of the property. Lyon & Hoag
are the agents for this subdivision.
They report a strong Inquiry for the
property, which has never been defi
nitely advertised or placed on the mar-;
ket. The following sales have been
made: Lot 27,' on the east side of De
visadero street, 85 feet north of Four
teenth, 25x90 feet, to Fred Seamon, for
$1700; lot on Devisadero street, 130 feet
south of Duboce avenue, for $2800, to
An\on Gerber; lot 37, on Devisadero
street, 164 feet south of Duboce ave
nue, to Mary E. Necker of Santa Rosa,
for $2150; lot adjoining on the south, 23
feet front, to George E. Connell, for
$2150; key lot on the west side of De
visadero street, 100 feet south of Du
boce avenue, to M. McCurrie, for $2500;
lot on the northwest' corner of Four
teenth and Castro streets, 40x90 feet, to
Charles Campbell, for $3000. This block
now presents a very attractive appear
ance. Besides three houses which were
recently completed there are six more
in course of. construction. Three of
these the company is building for sale,
arid the remaining three are being built
by purchasers. In addition to the six
houses now being built three more will
be started at once by M. McCurrie, Mrs.
Mary E. Necker and Fred Seamon.
The following, sales are reported by
Sol Getz & Son: Lot 25x100 .feet on the
north line of O street, 32:6 feet-east of
Forty-seventh avenue, to F. Diezke;
25x100 feet on "the west line . of /Forty
sixth avenue, 200. feet north of I street,
to J. Hen wood; 25x120 feet on the west
line of Forty-eighth avenue, 112:6 feet
south of L street, to W. T. Luscombet
50x120 feet on the east line of Forty
eighth avenue, 187:6 feet south of L
street, to M. Dock; 25x100 feet on the
south line of J street, 32:6 feet east of
Tenth avenue, to P. Hogan; 25x100 feet
on the south line of H street, 107:6 feet
west of Forty-seventh avenue, to E. H.
Bacon; 25x120 feet on the east line of
Ninth avenue, 175 feet north of I street,
to E. F. Beedie.
Dolores Church will be enlarged by
the addition of a chancel and the ex
tension of the nave. : ' ; " ' ' *
ADD1TION t ALi SALrES.
BROKERS SAY REALTY MARKET
OUTLOOK IS VERY SATISFACTORY
No- Large Deal Has Been Reported During
Week Just Closed, but the Leases and
Sales Combined Make Up Good Total
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, AUGUST U, 1904.
30
ADVEKTTgF^ ni CJfTS. ¦ ..'
Qj^p, AUTUMN, 1904
EARLY ARRIVALS AND
mf\ SPECIAL DISPLAY OF
{{} \ Dress and Walking Suits
I Y Dress and Walking Skirts
pLi-k; Jackets and Tourist Coats
h rf9~ n order -to properly introduce the most compre-
*/ I hensive assortment of black ready-to-weaf garments that
/ \ we have ever presented to our customers, we will v off ex*
/ \\ some special introductory prices., These inducements
1 1 V\ we hope will be met by a ready response and thus give
ft ; ft\ us an opportunity to exhibit our entire line to our en-,
/ k \j tire trade. All garments guaranteed to fit perfectly.
X__J_J^-^ A&TxmATiozrs rasa.
SUITS, SKIRTS AND JACKETS BLACK DRESS GOODS
WALKING SUITS— This line cprn II I V PDIfPll
comes in black, navy and brown orEWlALLI rivlWEll
chevnoujs of extra quality, shown BLACK AMAZON CLOTH-
with hip coats = and bio uses -fa brics A ,, d and shrunkf
in walking end ¦ d«si d. eiigft s a nd fa v fa* h twiUed
Scotch mixtures; bought to sell at a fihish th<j $
Sr^SriJr- ll1UStratIOn * Tl&S kind ' on *& for, a yard..... 35c
WALKING SUITS - Black. UA C K. CHIFFON ETA-
navy or brown cheviot of an extra MINES— In plain and fancy silk
=rood quality, shown with hip coats nub effects; guaranteed fast black,
and blouses; both walking and all wool, 43 niches wide. This is
dress designs, also some Scotch the soft, sheer quality that sells
mixtures; made to sell at $28.00; at $1.50 a yard; on sale for. a
introduced at $17.50 yard 89c
TAILOR SUITS-Some of the BLACK KERSEY CHEVIOT
most exclusive novelties ever —lor separate skirts and walking
shown in this city: far too ex- suits; 51 in«^ftS wide, pure wool,
feastve for detailed descriotion; sponged and shrunk; the heavy
suits that arc made to sell at S.^.oo srade that sells for 85c a yard;
will be introduced to-morrow at^.. on sale, a yard o»c
DRESS SKIRTS -The new line fcXTKA ! tX I KA .
embraces lislu and dark mannish GENUINE BRITISH AL-
mixture^. black cheviots and PACA, 49c A YARD— In navj',
broadcloths and comes in both royal blue, oyster and gun metal
walking and dress lengths. Every gray, nut brown and a rich black;
skirt in the lot is absolutely new. heavy iron frame weave, silk gloss
made to sell at $10.00; introduced finish, 52 inches wide; very swell
at $7.5O for shirt waist suits; regularly
TOURIST COATS-Shown in worth 8 5 C a vard : salc pric £ 9 £
the new dark mannish mixtures. ard
These are the very latest styles. All dress goods sponged and
are 45 inches long and elegantly shrunk by our new electric process
made: to be introduced at.$lO.OO free of charge.
TOURIST COATS— A splendid NEW C1I I/C
variety in mannish mixtures and nLl " ll(IVJ
English coverts, cravenettes. light $1.00 FANCY SILK AT 65c A
veitrht Meltons, etc.; full 45 inches YARD — An entire new* line, com-
lonr. very Rwell; introductory prising small figures, dots and
prices^ .Vw.f 11.50, J?12.r,0.f lfJ. cncc ks, in all the latest shades of
$17.50. $22.50, $25, $2S.5O brown, green, blue and navy and
__________________________ green combinations. A remarkably
THE GREATEST VALUE VTE low price for silks of this quality;
ITIl OTTERED IK SHIST snrrial a vard GoC
WAISTS— All of our J1.25. J1.50 special, a} ara ...... ooc
and |L€S white lawn waist? to be $1.25 BLACK TAFFETA. 75c
sacrificed, beginning to-morrow. a YARD— A splendid 36-inch
'Mrfh^a^enimii'oniof^tne heavy, all-silk rustling taffeta,
rreatest inducements we ever ad- suitable for drop skirts, ruffles or
vertisf-d. we suggest early shop- for entire suits; regular value
ring if t>»^»Wp.> $1 . 25 a yard; sale price, yard.. 73c
£ **:
i f^ t€& i€tl
¦
beautiful and useful premiums to
customers of Port Costa flour
¦¦ : ¦
Ask your grocer. Every time you buy flour insist on
Port Costa — the pure, white, uniform flour. Attached to
each sack is a premium coupon. Send it to us. .
List* of Premiums
Value Value.
- 1. Victor Talking Machine 12. Toadies* "Writing: Desk 913.00
Cflve records complete) . .$50.00 13. Rodders' Silver Set (full
2. Old Dutch Clock (six feet set) knife, fork and spoon 12.00
high) 37.00 14., Bedstead (White Enarn-
X. Hall Tree and Hat Rack.. 22.00 1_ eled) . . . . . ....._ ••••••••• "-00
4. Folding Camera (com- 15 « Bohemian Glass Table
plete outfit) 20.00 Set 10.0C
5. Six-foot Chiffonier, plate 16. Chafing Dish 8.00
mirror, five drawers 30.00 J \- ving Bet 8.00
«. China Dinner Set ....18.00 J8- Suit Case 7.50
? - lonl)" (8lX SO". S!°u? -Red-pk-rlor ' M
I. Gjjttrt and Baby Car- g 6!o5
9 Tofl CnVst" 'containintr 22 - Baby's High Chair 5.00
«£teen £»li .f?°.T.".* XBJOO 23. Even Balanced Scale.... 4.50
10. Chatelaine Gold Watch ! . 12JK) \\\ Wate^Co^fr '.".': '."'.'.'.'.'. 4.00
11. Morris Chair __ 12.00 26. Lady's Silk Umbrella 3.00
Port C0Sta Milling CO. 230 California
This Is Your Opportunity
You can Take a Trip Around the World
for $67.50
St Louis Exposition
via the
Union and Southern Pacific
Tickets on Sale :
August 18, 19.
September 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 19, 20, .26, 2&
* October 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 26, 27.
Bertlui BMexred fey
B. T. BOOTI, <J*aeral Areat, TS. F. «, a,
1 Komtremery . Street.
Or Am* BontherB r»dflo Areat- ~ ¦..
THE WEEKLY GALL,- $1 PER YEAR
AMUSEMENTS.
BSGXITNZKQ MONDAT.
FAREWELL WEEK
MATINEE SATirNDAT ONLY.
Last Performance of
HEKEY UILLCR'9 SEASOH.
CHARI.RS FltOHMAN Presents
' In Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
JOSEPH ENTANGLED
ANNOUNCEMENT g^SS* from th9
EXTRAORDINARY! %£&&%£* ,
SoNDiy. er * on AUGUST 22
ABKOLS DALT
And His Company in
BERNARD 8HAWS Maaterplec*. j
SSATS BIA9T UXIT TEUBSSAT.
GRAND SSu^e
Week Beginning Matinee To-Day
KB. TUC
H E [ LOTTERY
nr inuc
In Augusttn Da- lif 1 I H |"
ly- s Comedy VI bV I Is
Begnlar Matinee Saturday
FIRST TIME at 15c, 25c, 50c
Tivni i orewv
1 I VVLIhouse-.
To-Xfifirht and
rvery night >t 8
Smokers' Paradise In
the Promenade Circle
The Superb Tivoli Sensation
Toreador
By Tvan Caryll - and Lionel Moncton
WITH AN UNRIVALED CAST
SEATS NOW READY
Usual Tivoli Pricos— 23e. 60c. 75c
. ONLY, MATINEE SATURDAY.
A Y > r* A T A "O Belssco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR ,w?st
- General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
WHITE WHITTLES V
¦ IN" THE .DELIGHTFUL COMEDT.
SHERIDAN or oI i 4 e aW d
MONDAY NIGHT— ONE WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Evg., 25c to 75c.Mats. Thura. & Sat., 25c to BOc.
WHITE | AND THE ALCAZAR CO.
\A/ HIT T L E S» E Y
IN WILSON BARRETT'S dramatization o!
manxman"! * «a «« |
A stroncer drama than the author's "The
Christian" or "Th* Eternal City."
Monday. Aueust 22— MR. WHITTLESEY In
"THE PRIDE OF JENNICO."
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South S33
Matinee To-day — To-night. Last Time of the
¦ - - ¦• • Great" Farce-Comedy Hit,
A BUNGI^OF KEYS
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES 'SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First' Time Here - of Theodore Kremer*a
. Tremedous • Success.
FOR HER CHILDREN'S SAKE
Introducing the Central's New Leading Lady,
STBXSXi CIiIFTOJff.
; • A Magnificent Attraction.
DDIPCC Evenings ..10c to 50c
rfllWEJ Matinees. . ....'. 10c. 15c, 25c
|ASTHIYiANOLA|
Xb the only enra for Kervous aal
: , > •. - Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 598 HAIGHT ST,
: .- San Francisco, Cai. ..„._
ADVTERTISKMENTS.
FineTailoring
BEST FABRICS,
LATEST PATTERNS,
UP-TO-DATE STYLES.
Moderate Prices and Easy Payments
is what makes A. B. SMITH CO. the
most popular tailoring bouse In town*
$1.00 PER WEEK is all it costs you
to be well dressed. .
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, above Powell.
["TheOCULARIUM"]
B ¦ Photo Department B
MB ' El
5 Aug. 17. from 2 to 6 p. m.. Invites S
H the public to a demonstration of S
8 Velvet Velox S
m Developing and Printing. gj
g. Bring your own negative. g
s HENRY KAHN& GO. g
| 642 MARKET ST. Jj
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat A
fHUSEUM OF AHATOMYf
\ .9r " n * Lutnt AMto«Ie»l Kusna In tfce \
¦f _jC»TCil— World. WekfcBHMi or *ny c<mtt«cl«rf Q
X. V w w9 diseue yaaltlvaly ««r»JI hj- tb« oldest r
O IK JO 5pea»!i»t *e ibf Cw. Eft. 3« yens. O
A flfiV OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ MWwbl CoBMltftU« fre« tsi l«rictly priTttf. \
0 1 iSXX Ttffimmit ptrtaaftly or bjr Itttec. A M
\ 1 W *n *-**" Owrt ta ntrj «ti« omderttkon. \
0 P Ji ll ' w »»«« «» **•*' ¦*¦*»¦•»¦•¦*¦*.•/ A
V » ll JtV MABBIASE. MA!L»D FltBS. ( A V
A » Ur *«l«fW«b«Kik far ¦»«). A
V DB. JOBDAHACO., 1061 Mwlt«t 8t..B. P. V
O^^^^i-^f^^^fjf^^^V^fc^^^^^^O
1 Weekly Call, Simper" Year
¦Week Commenclns THIS AFTER- Q
NOON. Augmst 14.
HERE'S A GREAT SHOW I
O
Emmett Devoy & Company |
In Their Scr-amincly F™??. £ a JT. e . t)
"THE SAINTLY MR. BILLINGS.
3 Juggling Barretts i
Boomeraas Hat Throwers aad Comedy ©
- - » Club Jugglers. V
— e
Malic Louis ©
Little and Pritzkow •
Character Singrprs an<1 Com"Jlar.3. Pre- Q
sentins "A Mixed Affair. q
- Walter G. Kelly £
Plalect Comedian. Q
. o
LAST WEEK! UST WEEK ! S
, ©
The Original Madcaps I
Xa Their Sensational Dancing* Act. *?
Harn-Foy and Clark—^ |
la Tlielr New Comedy. "Old Curl- a
oslty Shop." X
Charles NcMlo ©
Guyer and 0* Nell :
Eccentric Dancer*. Lat» of th« ©
•"Babes in Toyland." ©
. ©
Hughes Musical Trio |
In Their Beflaed Entertainment. ©
©
Orpheum Motion Pictures o
Bhowins the , ©
SPEED TRIAL OF THE OHIO ©
At Einta Barbara Channel. ©
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. 5?
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. *f
Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c. 9
»©©©©©©©oo©©o©9oaaooo
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
...... • *^~~
pEW STYLE GARMENTS!
|: Fall and Winter Season, 1904-1905. ji
> TAILOR SUITS
Representing Style, Quality, Superior Workmanship.
Prices as usual— LOVVtR THAN ANYWHERE!
HANDSOME TOURIST SUITS at $15.00, $17.50 and $20.00
STYLISH MIKADO SUITS at... -.$20.00, $22.50 and $25.00
NOVELTY SUITS, exclusive styles, at
$27.50, $30.00 and $35.00
Jackets, Long Coats
Jaunty, Serviceable and Comfortable.
NEW STYLES at... '....;... $6.50, $7.50 and $8.50
Imported COVERT and WHIP CORD at . $12.50, $15 and $17.50
LONG COAT NOVELTIES at. ... $13.50, $15, $17.50 and $20
CHILDREN'S COATS, New Styles $5.00 to $15.00
IMPIA/ <St%/8i> Made of good quality CHEVIOT or
nkw aiyie oKirts Venetian, trimmed, at
$4.00, $5.00, $6.00, $7.50, $8.50 and $10.00
See Our New 19 and 29 Gore Skirts.
, 1230, 1232, 123^ MARKET STKEET.
AMrSELMEXTS.
Horticultural
TWO WEEKS OF RUNNING
5L HARNESS RACING.
£X HI BITS CARRIED FREE.
t.R.Miller XERffSfP
S e c ret ary pj&sidenti
1 SACRAMENTO, CAL. .
__GALIFORNIA_^
r EDWARD ACKERMAN, Lessee cad^
Manacer. '
MATINEE TO-DAY— All ThU Week.
THE ELMER WALTERS COMPANY
Presenting Their Most Meritorious
JUST BEFORE DAWN
A Stirring, Play, Depicting a Struggle
Between Capital and Labor.
Next— THE MAN OF MYSTERY.
Special — Sunday Evening, August 28.
Opening of Four • Weeks' Engagement :
of the Distinguished and 'Popular Act-
ress, FLORENCE ROBERTS, under I
the direction of FVederick Belaaeo.
Commencing with Mrs. Flske's Great
Success, "TESS OF THE D'UBER-
VILLES.". Seat sale Monday. August
LAST "WEEK OF
"The Whirl of the Town"
Gigantic Spectacular Burlesque.
Cast of Unexcelled Artists.
Pretty Chorus of Forty.
Thirty Novelties and New Specialties.
Next Attraction— Monday. August 22. a Com-
plete and Original Musical Burlesque,
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
A Fountain of Fun. Up-to-date Novelties
and Laughable Situations. Seats now on sale.
. . \
High-Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening In the Theater.
BUDD BROTHERS: ROUBLE SIMS: MORTI-
MER AND HILL: THE DANCING KEL-
- LYS; CHARLES P. LOWE; MAREL. LAM-
SON AND NEW MOVING PICTViHES ON
THE EIOORAPH.
3 BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
CD P|H Children Visiting: thm Chutes
Or^UIAL sund»7 Morning* will be rlvea
tickets for the Miniature Electric Kail- I
road. Ferris Wheel and Galloping- Horses
WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE.
Admission, 10c; Children, 5c.
SAN FRANCISCO -^ -
5Y AUTOMOBILE <^^^
MOBILE CAXtBIAQB CO
GOLDEN GATE AVE. acd GOUGU SI
Phon* ; Private Hxchang. 770 T BX *
Downtown offices— Court Palace Hotel- Iv,h»,»
St. Francis Hotel; Lobby tf Q&j&taV HcSg
Palace DOirr fa| l-to
see the beautifta
nit A COURT Lounging
dllU room, the EMPIRE
Parlor, the
Cii-nnA PALM ROOM, the
uranfl^ louis xv par-
lor, and -the LA-
I Hotels & WRITINQ
JlSOJT RATES
\ 1 \ \k wor k once, you'll
il^jSi (.Jfl continue to have
iir$gfr~lT\\ lie do your Kodak
11* i' I » vV Pevelopins and
/Au!r\V\l Printing. I can do
//V\1 1) Jt hotter and
//i'Jiyi.Vli ' cheaper than you
// ll' \ C ' can. becrtua<9 I
' l/friSs 7 have the beat fa-
.s cilities ami artists
on thft Coast.
DAYLIGHT XOADXXO
ITEMS, in all popular sizes, at
popular prices.
ANSCO CASSSBJia — Prom
So. OO up.
CYKO PHOTO PAPEB —
Prints by artificial light.
Cameras of all kinds repaired
at low prices.
Mail orders filled promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS
P. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 Market St., Opp. rifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
S Steamers leav« Broartwiy
wharves (piers 9 and U>.
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkaa. Wraarel.
Juneau. Haines. Bkaguay.
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Am.
3. I 13. IS. 23 23. S.»t. t
Charge to thl» cora^any'*
¦teamera at Seattle
For Victoria. Vmactnrrmr.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
Bellingham— 11 a. m.. Aug. 3. 8. 13. 19. 23. 23.
8«pt. 2. Charge at SeattI* to th!» Company'*
•teamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattl*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ky.; at Vancouver ts
C. P. Ry.
For Kureka. (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. t:3O
p. m.. Auj. 2 8. 14. 2O. 28. Sept. 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Aug. 5. 11. 17. 23 23. Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anceles aad
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbar.—
Eanta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Armeies (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Panta Barbara, Santa Crui. Moa-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfottl <3*a
Lais Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonltii. 9 a. m.. Aug. 3. 11. 19. 27. Sept. A.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Ausr.- 7. 15, 23. 31. Sept. 8.
For Ensenada. &Iagdalen& Bay. San Jos* det
Cabo. Mazatlac. A Hat a. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. ¦ Ouaymas (Me*.). 10 a. ra.. 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
la reserved to ertanre st-amers or sailing dates.
TICKET OTVZCES — t New Montrom-
«ry. st. (Palace HoteD.lo Market »t.. and Broad,
way wharves. Freight Offlco, 10 Market st.
C D. UCN'ANN. General Passenger Asent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Tne Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutt«r rt.. win
call for and check bag7a*» from hotels aad
residences. Telephone Exchana-s 812. _
NOME
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
©. S. ST. PAUL
CAPTA1JJ C. E. LUfDQUIST
•^ ' (Carrying- U. S. Malls.) "
' FROM SAN' FRANCISCO DIRECT
THURSDAY, Aug. 18, 2 p. m.
Connecttne; with the Company's Steamers tot
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River sti«amer»
for Fairbanks and all points on KOYUKIIK
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS. Wiw "-" J >"
For Freight and Passage Apply ta
nOBTHEElT COaXMX&CXAXi CO.
619 Crossley buildlnjr. corT^Mlsslon and N«w
Montgon-.ery nts.. San Francisco.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Aug. IS. 2 pm.
S. 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu,Acs 27 11 a m.
3. S. MARIPO9A, for TahiU, Sept. 14. 11 a.m.
J.D.SP3ECIELS k BROS. CO., Ajti.TlciBt 0IC3 543 fir-
KL rniiHt OSes 329 Hanat St, Pisr 7, Faci3c st
C03EPA8HIS QS53K1L2 TBAN3ATIiA5IH3i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *.*»»
Sailir.g every Thursday isstJad of ¦i/£j£xti
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. **&&2F
North River, foot of Morton st.
First dais to Havre. $70 and upward. Secori
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). N«w
York- J. F. FUGA2I & CO.. Pacific Coaal
Agents 3 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To XT. S. If avy Yard and Vallsjo.
Etmr. U. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot or
Clay - st.. north end ferry bids. — Week days.
9:30 A. M.. 3 and •» I 1 . :,!.; Sundays. »:3O
A. M.. S 1*. M. Leaves Vallejo— Week dayj.
h:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:S0 P. M. ; Sundays, i
P. M. Fare, 23c each way. Excursion rates
Sundays to Vallejo, Glen Cove and Martian.
60c round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALU
CO.. Dhone Main 841. *Saturday exceptad.
To XT. s. Kavr Tard and Vallejo.
Stmrs. General- Friable. Monticeliarand Arrow.
8:45 a. m.; 12:30. 3:15. « S:M p. in. (ex.Sua.):
Sundays, 0:45 a. in.. S:30 p. m. Leav« Val!eJ<i
7. S a. m., 12:S0. 3:15. e p. m. (ex Sua.1: Sun-
day«. 7 a. xn.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 3. foot Mis-
•loa street; phone Main X50S. HATCH BSOi.Canton : San Francisco No. 5 of the
Patriarchs Militant. I. O. O. F.. will
give a military ball in Native Sons'
Hall next Friday evening in aid of the
fund that is being raised for the en
tertainment of the visiting chevaliers
in attendance on the Sovereign Grand
Lodge. next month. The grand march
will be started at 8:30 o'clock.
Patriarchs Militant Affair.
A month of married life is enough
for Myrtle May Bosworth, who yester
day acked the court to dissolve her
marriage with George E. Bosworth.
She charges him with being unclean
in his person and with having a habit
of smoking cisarete3 in bed until the
smoke "smotheredher.''
ber. 1902, and his cruelty is alleged
to have consisted in the use of vile
epithets and striking her in a way to
leave her cheek black and blue. She
says that his income amounts to $150
a month, a third of which she asks
the court to award her.
Cruelty to his wife is charged
against Edward D. "Woodward by Alice
M. Woodward, who yesterday began
suit for divorce. : They were married
September 8 of last year and ten days
after the ceremony he took her to a
spiritualist meeting and then accused
her of undue familiarity with strange
men. On several occasions' he Is said
to have called her vile' names and
wrongfully charged her with unfaith
fulness. sT; -:'.\ :'*Ji,'
John Robinson Wood, former pay
ing teller of the Crocker-Woolworth
Bank, yesterday answered- the suit for
divorce brought by his wife. Ada
Matthews Wood. He denies the
charge that he had been guilty of acts
of unfaithfulness with Louise C. Tyler,
the postmistress of Mill Valley. He
also denies that he owns any prop
erty excepting personal effects worth
about $250. The home in Mill Val
ley, he says, was levied upon for debt
by Charles H. Athearn and sold for
55000. He still owes $3850 to vari
ous persons and is out of employment,
having los|. his position because of the
charges made by his wife in her suit.
Wood pleads that he is unable to pay
his wife alimony.
Kathleen O'Hare filed a sensational
answer to the complaint of her hus
band, Eugene O'Hare, who sued her
fcr divorce on the ground that she was
addicted to the intemperate use of in
toxicating liquors. She denied the
charge ' and accused him of brutal
treatment. She recited that they were
married in Brooklyn on May 1, 1S96,
and that six children were born to
them. Of the "six' only one survives,
a boy 7 years old. The other five died
between November 17 and 27, 1903,
and, the wife eays that he has falsely
charged her with being responsible for
their death by neglect. She declares
that '.when' the children Averc taken ill
in October , and she informed him of
their condition he . said that he did
not "Care a d- — -n whether or not
they all died." .She charges him with
denying his paternity of the -children
and of accusing her of unfaithfulness.
O'Hare is a marine engineer, receiving
$100 -a month. , -.., ¦-.¦_.."
Sarah . E. Dighan, ' ¦ the^ wif e of
Thomas J. pignan,,wrio jowris-'a print
ing ¦ business at 5 Hardy place, ' yes
terday sued him for divorce- on the
grounds of neglect and' cruelty. They
were married on September 24, 1894,
and', have-, two children.- .He has
neglected her, she says, since Septem-
Rev. Jacob Voorsanger yesterday
morning celebrated his eighteenth an
niversary as rabbi of Temple Emanu-
El. The synagogue was crowded with
worshipers, who listened to an eloquent
discourse by the rabbi. In the after
noon at his home he received the con
gratulations of many friends and was
presented with many tokens of esteem.
• Rabbi Voorsanger's address was both
retrospective and prospective, dealing
not only with the condition of the Jew
and the problem confronting him in
this coutnry, but also with the Ameri
can people as a whole, describing
America as "a country in the making."
He made a study, of the eighth chapter
of Ezekiel to lead up to a study of
present day conditions as they affect
the people of America, saying in part:
"There seems to be a misunderstand
ing as to what constitutes the religious
standing of a country. . It is usually
identified with the prosperity of the
churches. In this chapter we find that
Ex-Paying Teller Repels Al
legations Concerning the
Mill Valley Postmistress
Rabbi Voorsanger Preaches
an Eloquent Sermon on
Eighteenth Anniversary
District Attorney Byington filed his
annual report, with the Mayor yester
day. Of criminal cases brought to a
hearing upon information filed within
the year there have been 215 convic
tions and 24 acquittals. This gives a
percentage of convictions of 90.
The Vkhes include 12 murder, 16 as
sault 'to 'murder, 7 assault with a
deadly weapon, 37 robbery, 24 grand
larcency and SI burglary. There are
six prisoners detained in the County
Jail awaiting execution for murder.
Among them: Frank Woods, convicted
of the murder of Policeman Robinson;
Leon Soeder, convicted of the murder
of his brother-in-law; Joseph Feld,
the ex-policeman, convicted of the
murder of his father-in-law, and
Henry Milton, who shot and killed
James Gilleece. Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
and Mrs. Martha Bowers are also be
hind the bars.
Record Shows That 90 Per Cent
of Criminals Prosecuted Have
Bccii Convicted.
WOOD DENIES
WIFE'S CHARGE
LONG SERVICE
FOR EMANU-EL
IiYIXGTOX FILES HIS
REPORT FOR THE YEAR
the elders visit a prophet with a view
to ascertaining how they can restore
the cult of their fathers In exile. They
had prospered exceedingly well, but
somehting undefined seemed to be lack*
Ins. and they came to the prophet. Ho
gave no direct answer, but in a vision
he Is carried to • Jerusalem and there
discovers that the destruction of all
the elements of nationality has so com
pletely unsettled the pebpfe that they
say, 'God has left the country,' and re
lapse, into their former idolatry.
"This Is the charge that religious
pessimism, usually unobservant of the
trend of the times, makes against
Judaism in particular and religion in
America in general. So far as Judaism
is concerned it is only necessary to
point to Us achievements in the last
fifty years to repudiate the charge. ] It
is true that in many respects its ex
ternal attributes have changed. It is
impossible to assume that a people can
adapt itself to new social and political
environments without undergoing
changes. The removal of a people from
one base to another Introduces not
merely a physical change. The change
becomes more radical when we con
sider that removal means a change of
language, of habits, of thought and of
national consciousness and a gradual
alienation from the former life. All this
has taken place in the brief career of
the -American Jew, and his period of
permanent settlement has come Just us
slowly as the corresponding period in
the life, of the American people gener
ally. Either as Americans or Jews we
are still a people in the making."
The general commanding the Patri
arch3 Militant of the United States
and his staff will be escorted across
the continent by the Department of
Massachusetts. The chevaliers will
travel in fatigue uniform.
John M. Mitchell is noble grand of
San Pablo, Marshal H. Alfred of
Golden State and Mrs. George H. Pea
body of Myrtle Lodge. S. P. Soren
sen is the chief patriarch of the en
campment.
.San Pablo Lodge will carry in lino
the beautiful banner presented to it
thirty years ago by the ladies of Val
lejo on the occasion of the laying of
the cornerstone of the Odd Fellows'
temple in that city.
Each of the subordinate lodges has
a membership of more than 170 and
each member will make an effort to
be In line on parade day.
The Odd Fellows of Vallejo intend
making a good showing in San Fran- j
cisco during the grand parade to be
held in honor of the officers of and
representatives to the Sovereign
Grand Lodge. San Pablo, Golden
State and Myrtle lodges, the last
named the Rebekah lodge of the order
In that city, and Mount Moriah En
campment recently instructed dele
gates to a joint committee to arrange
upon a definite plan of action and It
usts decided that in the parade the en
campment officers, preceded by the
celebrated Mare Island band, will
lead, followed by the members of the
encampment. Then will come the
members of the Rebekah lodge, flank
ed by the two subordinate lodges act-
Ing as escorts. The members of Can
ton No. IS of the Patriarchs Militant
will parade with the various organiza
tions of that branch of the ordsr.
This canton is officered by F. M. Wal
ter, captain; Alf fi. Edgeoumbe, lieu
tenant, and F. A. Shortridge, ensign.
This canton has as staff and regimen
tal officers Lieutenant Colonel H. A.
Towle of the Second Regiment, P. M.;
i Major M. V. Davis, Second Battalion,
I Second Regiment, and Captain, J. V.
I Chappell, aid on the staff of Brigadier
¦ General H. O. Brower. The canton
I will take part in the competitive drill,
I also in the various exercises during
j the week.
I Golden State Lodge has a new ban
i ner, which will, during Sovereign
j Grand Lodge week, be displayed for
! the first time.
The Rebckah branch of the ord«r
is making arrangements to have, a
grent time, not only on Hebekah day,
but during the entire week. Ther<J
will bo headquarters in which to re
ceive visiting Itebekahs and entertain
them. Special committees will escort
parties of visitors to points of interest
in the city and the special executive
committee will have floats in the di
vision on parade day assigned to the
Rebekahs. Pink and Nile green, the
colors of the order, will be prominent
ly in evidence during Grand Lodge
week.
At a meeting of the executive com
mittee that is arranging for the re
ception of the officers of and repre
sentaives to the Sovereign Grand
Lodge of Odd Fellows to meet in this
city next month.it was learned that
the Santa Clara County lodges have
decided to have headquarters in San
Francisco and put a division in the
parade. To that end committees from
the lodges in San Jose, Santa Clara.
Los Gatos, Gilroy and other localities
have met in joint session to carry out
a plan which will prove a most at
tractive feature during Grand Lodge
week.
Alameda County, it was announced,
will make a grand showing and will
have an exhibit that will show the
strangers who will be here what ths
countv can and does produce.
Eebekah Branch of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fel
lows to Receive at Its Hall
VALLEJO LODGES EEADY
Some Features ; That Will
Mark Sovereign Graud
Lodge Week ¦ in September
WILL WELCOME
THE VISITORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 14; 190f .
31
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A • # l'.a 1 r-*over" that (raws la popularity.
The ORIO'.N AL remedr that "kills the Daadrufl Qcraa."
CSOING^l GOING!! GONE!!)
kbmcos ciiuif: it. > BencaE wu un it. too uis ran ihnczL
%3f%f* A U? A TTi r+Va At|n»n . tut a sUzbt Icnowledrc of scalp anatomy to kaow ;
NO X A MAiR«GROWfi#K that the nalr rcw lu nounthatnt direct fraa. ths
hair-papUta. • Therefore, tht only rattoaal treat-
Newbro's Htrpiddo will -ssC crow hair— narcr» meat Is to destroy th* cause of the llseas*. H«n>-
do*s Ibls-but by destroy Ins thsnicroSiceneslea !c!dc does this; ft cures awlreff. stops faJllnj
of ha!r health th« half Is bound to grow as nature ' hotr am* reUevts (tthln*;. A dentfctfut hair
tatended; except In chronic biUnesi. It requires dressing. Ctves exwanriinary results. Try It
Draj Xttrw. t1J». Seal ICt. Jlsap*. ta HSnttK CO, teA B. !«. JCiJu far i «3^i
AppiioATioys at raoMnrasrT barber shops.
TT uscan!
Mineral Springs. ° t
OPEIT SVERI DAT ZXt THE TEAS. d
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A »ear «»4 ! T
««» ttoRthi tjo I irii attacked with tnat 1
terrlbU dleeate. locomotor atazla. Power t« I
fcalajice. itand. or even sit down, entirely loat. F
two best doctors or Esn Kranclseo and Hot t
fP^Bxa. Ark., failed to hfip roe. My atom-
J?*: *;w«U and kidneys failed to work. I bad I
'¦; arr « ot ttomach. head end bladder aa a r»- .
IvlL_? f tb * disease: tbeca troubles becajB* r
SvE^ 0 " At «»•• ra y kttrt would beat Ilk* a „
orwra. nay eyea crew weak, my memory bad.
my nerv w wrecked. Three months aro I went t
to Turcaa Bprings. TThat happened elnce »»•
» Pleasant turprts* to n*. Drank the waters. V
»ook the baths— after thrf weeks' treatment
• toinach. bowela. bladder and kidneys^ in p-r-
! •*<» condition, eytalsht perfect. n«rvousn#»a | v
1 £?r^: Bletno fT cood. After thrt« mor.thV treur-
rnent. walked without a cane, with eyes elo»»4 i 1:
I ao« up and down steep hiils; am cured of this
«reaa disease, now walk vrlth slight Mrr.p. ] s
llav* run stores !n *event?«n towns of tha (
"tste ef CsllSornla; am »«"tl knovkn In down- : £
town Olrtricts of San Francisco: Inquiry ther* j
| »111 prove- truth of my helpless condition thr»» I i,
j months aco. Further Information, eddraas (
I IX>UIS JACOBS 6 Stockton *t.. San FrancUco. i g
I Ckl. I y
I We IiaT« burdreds cf t-stimonlals from |
others. Send 60c In ftamps for bottle of v
stomach a.nd catarrh felts Pound- trip tickats c
at r»due*d rates. Southern Partflc.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRIM6S COR?., \
Tuscan, Cal. , j
c
Spend Your Vacation \]
|| f °r S2O at \\
San Luis i?
Hot Sulphur ;
! Springs SanLu ia: 0bl8P0 ;
The most Ideal resort for pleaanr* ant i i
»-»alth on the Pacific -Coast. Buy round ¦ ,
trip ticket from Ban Francisco to San
Luis Hot Eulphur Sprint*. San Luis 1
Obiipn. Cal.. and return, including stag* ,
to and from sprtnea and on* week's
' board for 92O.OA to f-"J.OO, according ; i
I «o location of rooms, or board and accom- : •
modatlons *!».oo to 912.O«> per week. | .
I Ecenle turroundlr.n, fre* bathlnf .
tx.atlnjr and fishlnc on crounda. Fin* ¦ i
rhady walks, tennis and croquet grounds. ;
danc* pavilion for cueals. Fine s*a '
beach one mlj« from Hot Sulphur Springs. i |
Ccttages and furniture ara all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounda. Our .
I table 1s well supplied with the best tht j :
. market affords. Our stag* meets train* :
I arriving- at San Luis Obis&o at 4:1ft p. a.
) «vrry day (except Sunday).
This Is bo hospital or sanatorium.
i
| ¦.-.,.. -A
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR |
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE^ NEW MANAGE- |
MENT-GOLF, GLASS- !
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF !
AND POOL BATHING, j
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL j
TERMS TO FAMILIES, j
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER j
'I
LAKE COUNTY
New. romfortabl* e»rrias;e» direct to th« ;
most plctureixju* portion of California. Brst ;
equipped stage line In the State. ' Leaves Calif.
toga dally iSundays exrepted) at 11:30 a. m.. I
direct to Harbin. Selslrr. Adams. Howard, as- \
C»r«rcn. Hoberga. 6plere. .V>torg» and Olea- i
brook; fcalf hour for lunch at Cali*tog«: also to ;
Ulddlciown. Lower ; L»v». Kelsey.ui* ani j
LaJceporu Livery In connection. ;
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor. !
| CAMP CURRY I
I G«t circulars at a!l railroad of"^r«s. «
\~- Adxertlsed by 4000 guests. 4 !
j . YOSEMITE !
OWN in mountains CAMP
SUMMER HOME of bonoaia Co. MEEKER
Pure water. rMuatle etttnatsk, I.-t.s K«Uilut flu j
up; coltaicc-s bull* by M-iktr. $00 «d: <lepot: j
stores; restaurant: hnt'i: an-1 exoi-i?»s: j
telephen'-; cantnill; l |f >Ci lots sold; 500 cottas^s
built Fausalito lorry. N. K. R. R. M. C.
MKKKER. Camo Meeker. S-tnnma County. . j
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM j
Not a hospital : best equipped r,n Coast: mol- i
;rn improvements: larse treatment rooms; |
Ideal location: iVt acres: cce hlock frcm tirert I
cars; write' for literature. Kan Jose. Cal. {
THE TAXZiAC, LAKE TAHOE. -""*•..
BOTH PLANS — AMERICAN and EURO-
PEAN. Rates: AMERICAN — $3 per day. and
upward. S17 50 per week and upward. CU11O-
PEAN— Rccms. $1 per day an-i upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations, livery and boat- I
inc rjperlcr to any resort oa the lake. j
— ¦ I
MARX WEST SPBIWOS. !
H KOENEK. Prcs. MltS. J. D. DROST j
and'MRS H. KOESER will manage Hpr!n»a:
' -^lanr improvements: new cement bathhouse.
¦ *pd gaa atl over place: $2 day; 710 and $12
j week. Office. K« Larkln St.. cor. Geary, or
Mark Weal fc'prlnjra. ?anta Ro«, P.ural No. 0.
DE LA. ROZA resort. Eanta Cru* Mountalna;
cottare* and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBC3. Mcr.. Gibbs. Cal.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckec with train leavtnf 9. F.
at «:C5 p. m. returning, connects at Trucks*
with tram reaching S. K. at 7:B0 a. m.
THE BROCKWAY HOTEL,
LAKE TAHOE.
Beitlde the usual attractions of a Lakr Taho*
resort w« hav« tht only bot sprlnjs. the most
1 BhHtercd short and best fishlns. FRANK B
AJ-VEflSON. Manager.
STTBZCOZr PAES-A delightful resort
on c bores ot Uke Tahoa. Be;-t- randy "beach
1 for bathing on the lake. Fine tly (Uhlng and
1 bunting in Mason. Beats, nshlcs; tackle and
hones at moderate hire. Rate* $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and tetephona.
A. L- FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. CaL
' TIFFD PADV IW* Dd cottages; « milts from
l 1ICCK TAEA IHiiLake Tahoe; open Juns- 1;
, elevation £507 fcct: mineral aprlnga. liooklot
' Travelers* Office, 80 Mcntgcmery st.
j J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL.
CAMPBtLL BOT SPKHT(JS.
In Sierra Nevada Mountains, Sierra County.
• toco f tct elevaUca. Ar* . beautifully located
at tha bead of tha great Sierra Valley, 30
• miUs Umc by 6 miles *-lde. surrounding whica
l is the great primeval forest of pin* and or. a
• specially l» mad* of th* table. The bot spring*
. ar* untqualed for the cur* of rheumatism,
roa* nver and kidney complaint* and all blood
- Zn& ikln diseases. Ratea for room and -board.
. til to 913 P«r week. Round trip ¦ from Saa
• Francisco to springs via Boca. *1+ 60. 6t*t»
• dally axeept Sunday, connecting with « p. to.
trsua from Eaa FrancUea,
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BA~1XETT iocs not roarante* to cur*
all the iV.b that huTr.iBlvj la heir to. but «
thousands of ppcp!* hav» been benefited ! t
**?¦ th» ua* cf Bartlett Water and xnacy | >
GDTjfl. I '
I: you vou'.d imprcre your health anfl ! 1
h*v« a trar.fi cood tlrae. come to IUrt.lt t: j ,
fcrrlnc*. «-her» theie :• a resident phy- ; <
WTHit. a tn»r.irtr ol anousement* and com- ; a
Kter.t rrasaeura. , ,
- - ll'Ltrkt-2i.:TX cotlaffca. $3 00 to *« 00 p«r i <
• ne«k. j ,
6ead fcr a booklet that -*VA tell you all 1 i
about Bartlett. ! |
* Wrlta J. E. McMAHAN*. BartSett i
¦ Ftrlsrm. Cal.. or call at 2 Suiter St.. Saa i
F.-aaclsco. ;
f { i
AguaCaliente
Springs !
r.«v« aCJed m«nT NEW attmctlons to '
th?« b»«otlful tntl romantic *pot: op»n atl tht '
year rcund; the n»are»t Hct Sulphur Sprint* e» ¦
Si.". Francisco, tenspersture 113 d»gree«; no
f<»r!r.r: far* Cl 10: sure- fur« fcr rheumatism,
•t'l.ir.n ar4 all kindred *!linent!i We hive ft*e
c!?!!crert Hot Suifhur fepnnic*: tab and plunc*
fcaths and the Ustm: mineral water nrtmmlnf
tar.k'in the State Table and room!) are Srxt
rlatt. JUte* f- per day. SIS to $14 per tmk.
Fr^cUI rates to families ar.4 fcalf ratet to chil-
dren. Inquire at r*cV«. ll Mor.tcoBiery »t..
er addresi THEO. RICHAnDS. Atua Calient* :
Cprlrt*. Brr.oma County. Calircral*.
W* ha.v« errcted a «tme bulldlrc mod«ra ;
(g'.clna-room. can »».¦»: 490 ruevta.
* The most enthusiastic be-
lievers in
AETNA SPRINGS
I •• Are those that come back
year after year. Its best
l''J m -,'. friends are its old friends, j
• Find out why. Just send
for booklet. Aetna
• . Springs Co., Napa Co.,
. . ¦ CaL i
¦ i
Santa Gatalina Island
Xif Hours Frcm Lea Ac*****. Season liK>4.
Qur Fiia-ias Marine Band. .
* HuruJat mountain t°*t. aalllac. batb'ns.
cell. !'si;:» and the finest fltbiex oa tht
.react.
Csmj Life a Special Feature.
• Uusdre<ia ot :urslalur4 t»nu - at rtuos-
ablr 'rates.
¦ HstEl KEtro:.i!a,
. Jicdem !r. all rart»r»j!i>rii.
I „ Fcr further Isfcrmaflon addret*
PECKS INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
llosircmerr *t . rr BANNING CXJ.. 222 S.
f-rr'.ne st.. Los Anreles
HOT SPRINGS
Why !s !t 'O inirr.er.5*:y popular? neeause
ct ite'^n£::y wonderful rac^liue^ for health t>nd
I'fjiEUre Our N«tur»l Swm in<! Plunce Dmths
e'nd •;•. ::.«i- f. »m.n ar- a poattrra cure for
4ir:e«c-atiim. Mn:<in«, )>lad(]cr. Liver. K.ii:»< ¦>•
anc -«11 ttoniaca Trouble*. Arfccnlc Beauty
'. 4?atr.is, 6arlxon:inz- I'ald Orchestra. Dancint
• tru-tr evening. lJa!r>'. Children'a Play Crvunds.
li'.fftric LJshtr; flO to ?12 per wwk. Bath*
• r.« »!ruj>»ment» fre-e. Ilooklet* Peek's. 11
• M< rtpomery n.. S. P. Co.. C1.1 Markt-U or
li. ir: McGOWAN. Peicler. I^ake County.
• Fart reduced to t'J round trip.
: 1DR.. C C O'DONNELiLS'
Ml.sEKAL. bPBDE&i AT <JI.ZN KLLEN.
the bett. cairpics. plcn.c ai i pleaiur* r»-
kti on tha coaai. The it:eaiei>t rr r.:« ;y tct
„ luric <ila«a*e. ilver ai 1 nomecli cotnplalata,
rkrutcatlim and catarrh In the world: 49
c rr.:l*» rrotn B. F. The E. P. 11. R. and ». T.
• N. P. R. H. clve f^eclal rates to rasipera;
ZQ «ntaff*» and tents furn)*)«»J: rmt ch<"»p;
Co lofi nor :'.:ioi' oak at :h» par>c: mlnrrai
*cai»r. best*, bathmt ard flivhisK fr«e. Mralt
'Atx-fi. at Ilctrl EU«cnM« at 7eakonab!a ratea.
lefttHra of DR. C. C O'DONNEU-. oi&f
I j<"-.l' • Market »t.. tx-t. tlxtU acd Seventh. &*n
Vajielsea.
: THE NE W HOTEL A T
c. . ; t5 FTNIFHEO.
Et-try os» Xr.ow* tfat Adaai« water caraa
•totcach ih»r and kidner disease*.
. WHT EXiilKiMEXT!
Tor firther partlcuiwa wrlta t* VT. R. PRA-
T1IEIT
" POINT ARE.N^ HOI SPRINGS.
EktetjaiTtrjr UnvrovcJ; n'-rr betel: g-a» ll^h:
4'.nins-ronrr.. tc-ltphcna, liuntlr.ir. Killing',
»wim?:;n5. J ouKii*. dawrtng. s!l *muf.ezr.rntx ]
}*"TK-n~,a'i i;->i.r?>-^rr.cnt. Oet V<ckl-*.. HO Mcr.t- '
tcraety Ktr><t. r<U. \V. A. McCOHNACK. Prop. '
LA IIUNDA AND PiiSCADKRO
*iuy you: ri'.lroa-l ilcUet to Xtedwood Cltri •
a..m. traJa. -in and Towcaeod. and 0::u ». a.
train from r>.n Jck rcnarct r.:in ataeea dlract
A <••::*»• iVALTEK KNIGHT, itedwoed Cltwl
Z
UfllTT'O rU >'- Ma« iraliui daily. Pn-
Hu! 1 1 u ;^r^ m :nV
tat.'.e.
/.<iiir*-r-»«-.j.:irrtK;»rrif. iirr.. Hoitf* school. :
Lak;:pokt ani> varti.ktt springs
&IACV. LINE— liavUTsi la Bartlett fiprtax*.
\;« Lakeport. carr)infi i-»>fr::^er» tur Lakeport
ccd iiinlett t:pr.j.<». i.us'j connect irith
fain? «u HccUtrio. L»av» llciilar.d at 12:M;
I;rrlve. it L»We:-jit at *:SO: arrive at Dartlett ¦
hpiir.f* at i^'W. ?.*w •; l»orfe 14-pass«acer
icvrUt wa«'Mi.-. (ri'h all tbe i:.o»: medern lm-
UtixiUf ajt» j-»«araj;rT» tor Lakep^rt cr Uart-
j r grins', rmit Jor tickets by liartlett fpnan
i uie Mne. TIfkrt" i»*a be lurcliaaed at offlca
„' cLiilomia r». V. Ky.. tiO Market mu. or
tt TlLurcn l»rry.
llir,LT:R * HOWARD. Props.
• -BracTE sTXuatra spxzsob. v*u«jo,
C , ; M^t: mi i_«tj.itie niJriC^a to baa frunctmcoi
rcur.d trio St. *"» »t*t« fare; only 2Vi hourr
rid*' S mV.t* from Vallrjo: hot. cold aatf
Elunct »ulphnr batha; wonderful cure* ot rhea-
. featltai. j.eural»rta, eciema. kidney. Uyer afid
•tcmach dlteaxea. D«autlful rrounda and lak«
'ot boatlr.c and bathlnc. Uanctnc pavilion.
v (W bairlinc alley end rhufSc board. Ratea.
JtO * weelT. mcludter batha. Addreaa UAN-
UKL MAt»RIP. Valleio. CaL ¦ ¦
jfOETH SKOBE KOTSXr— On Tomales
Cay CooJ tat'.e and accoznmodatlooa. Hou»a
t,»*i'.i;hifd l'ricen very reasonable. MRS. J.
EH1 CLDS Marshalla. Marin County. Cai.
fcCrtAEriTE'S O29V£— BOSS 7aXLST.
PrJva:* bcardlnc; terms reasonabla. 'tcaoi
Beets Sunday mornlaa' trains. Address liR&.
t(ATT LLNUEAT. Boss Station.
' -''-¦¦ '¦ ' -; ' ¦ ¦ _'_ ADVERTISEMENTS. : -_..¦; " ;....'.
_g£5fe^ _^2K. IN. THE CROCKERY DEPARTMENT.
ffe^5** ?^^^^^^^^^^?"=d r l &***%z££&*2&£!~3 OTCKBi-PLATED TEA OB COTTEE POTS, 33c
; K^fiS!^>^«4'vS!vA*L-'? 5 \iS i^2^^ 1^* Three pints, heavy copper bottom, and the inside is silvered.
I^^w^aq\Sg/§\V /^ay^gSwfegaMi ; v /^Se»^^\ Y Only one coffee and one tea pot to each customer, and no »--^_«
'^^^" '-^K^^Lj'" 7 "^^ <m 1^^^^ /¦ mail or telephone orders accepted. t »rf '
r^BE2,^^ll^S^SaxjiHCiS (1 I^^^-X 7 CUaTAIN STRETCHEB3, 81 .25- 1 Ia»
fe^^^'S—^-".'!^^ 1^^^!^ ), [$mS8S: i { W111 save the P rice ten times over in laundry billd. V'tV*
IW^^^^JL'-^-JaaZ^is^^Wi /ii^KV^^. // j I Made of stout spruce, with rust-proof pins. S *\ ,«S
jj^«^-^5S«gS5^*^^^Ia^2r //jpW v\/ jft\ ( " an be folaeJ compactly, as all long pieces are hinged. J
\ Zrl"~ - °^lJI -_z — -"*" i _^3- V-= lSr , i^_i PaELOK PEDESTAS, F&KCOB TAB0T7K- COSTTOCBS,
V " " TAB1.B. S2.05. 5 A , B^ E - BTTX. 82.33-
IN MAHOCAIMIZED BIRCH, $33.00 * 2 ' 20 Go h de a °S£ , V lx 8100 J£?*SL
wide. All three pieces have a piano polish strongly con- inches In dlam- Beautiful design y° u cnoose. »oi qu*n«r ""«
• fei^Ar-Td 1 ' c^i^^ig t0 nndi " g a{ <450 ° in m09t 8tor "- 8trUCted - • ""No mail or tetepXTe orderTacTpM^ '^ °^'
P^^^^^^^^Si EXTENSION TABLE, .?12.5O. f^^^^^">
li^^^W^F^ 4pl; 1 9-' 50 DOWN, ?1.OO A WEEK, daintiest of tints. '
Ili^S ' • *^ > '" '^"" *' t'Sfr- %*&i'\ • IaLlc ot ' oak » substantial as well Mattress is strong and closely $jjjs& '
i^^PS^^^tfi^P^^^^^^ tur ! thnt l3Sts> Sidcs dr °P down - a hand > r ar "
§i^«; far ...¦¦¦¦. , 7 -\W 'nP'^i'-^r . >/• »S^ Five-inch fiuterl legs. 42-inch rancrcment— allows the crib to Wvft ;
l^il 03 W* '¦'-'& I ffl 'Mi '",/-' •' I v ! top - Extcnds l ? six fcct - Large be drawn up to the side of the CjTK r
ly^ f,t r lt+*A\ Wf... Pfil-^'.-y^ l&'{) enough to seat eight diners in com- bed. with mattresses at one fyfi =^ '
Ig^i 'K f*^^^JpJ^^£^ y^//^^Mi:- %, No mail or ielechone orders accepted No mail or telephone orders accepted £y?fi' ,-, —^^s^
THE BT/TFET, S3O.OO- ng^B^T .^H^L l^i. y^j Why can't you have a luxurious home
87.oO DOWW ADTD *l.()<» A WEEK. Mma^&a*, -JtT "*¦ ' when such prices and terms ara to be
of fretted glass. The recessed part be- _^ mrnm . m . Mla ,, Anai^^^iinK Sa? sales). &U birdseye— even^to
twion is covered with a 1- rt-nch plate eja /rfSEk tf&* /t9\ *Ek. £3 VffiS'^LHURSW AinratflkfiM arw i. . * • •
mlrror - fftHra^aflLni gftm flW HB'ffla ffi^ *fr* \Jr 3r Br %]?%&& a Bm the mIrror frame. Oval mirror, serpen-
All drawers are lined with plush or lllsj?* «IT» P^MislfaPs fe^ ftjle f»B H BC1l'BSgJ> tine front — one that you would like. *
mm raro
Hotel EL GARMELO
I'aclfle Grov*. California. "Th» Llttlt Del
Mcnte." At th« seaside with home comforts
The olaee to n>en(J your vacation with your
•amlly. .Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with' board J'J SU a day uprvard. cheaper than
t tayinc home. . Send for Illustrated pamphlet-
Addresa CEO. H. COKDT. Manafftr.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Feck's liureau. 11 Montgomery St.. or at J
MAHTENS. Bachelor P. O.. l-ak« Co.. Cai.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Betwlck. Elfklyou County, California.
Write io ElJKUX BROS, for Booklet
CAiirOEHIA BEDVOOS TASK (Bis '
Kiisiiu — u'uiun Mill Camp and Tavern- 8 mile,
nciu i:i;ulrloj- CietU li. It. nation. Dally stage
Family table. Furnished cabins; campius
grounds; js and $1'J per week. Under the giant
redwoods;- perfect climate; i,Tand scenery
••KEPP" CRAHAMER. Boulder Creak. Cat.
HOWELL ML, WCODWORTH'S
No ton. Pure«t aprlng water. Climate natural
tonic and Invleorator. Residence 29 year*. $7
per week. Woodworth fc Muller. St.Helena.Cal.
JtlVEKSIDE jKOTEXi aaa COTTAGES
Near beach; 3U aurea U-auiliul «ruunil»; *n—
rial ratea to famlllea; writ* for booklet. . 9.
BARSOK. Proprietor. Santa Cry
North 8hore B.R.*. health, rest, comfort, pleas-
ure; boating, bathing; fr*eh milk, eg(r«,\ fruit;
$7 to $10 wk. J. F. ORR, Duncans Mills, Cal.
Cottasre to Xat on KaaaiaA Hirer— Con-
venient to hop. fields. Could clear all expenses
and have an outlna* in the country. Accommo-
dation for big family. Apply 889 Capp street.MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
The Russian fleet of warships which for months has
been bottled up at Port Arthur and for which the world
had nothing but jest and gibe and ungenerous specula
tion has at last escaped and is prowling the Pacific. If
the Bear effects a junction, of this fleet with that of the
Baltic and the Vladivostok squadron the doughty sailors
of the Mikado may have reason to understand that war
after all is a two-sided affair. The world may yet be wit
ness of. a great modern sea battle.
Chief of Police Wittman has suggested to the Super
visors several proposed charter amendments that are de
signed to improve the efficiency of the Police Depart
ment and to afford needed protection to citizens who
must accept municipal conditions as they are created.
The suggestions of the Chief of Police should be
adopted. If we must tolerate influences that call for in
creased police protection we are at least entitled to be
guarded against. the criminal classes that have apparently
the connivance if not the support of our local au
thorities.
Not for many years have English so
ciety people complained of such scar
city of money as they do this season.
The season is a brilliant one, but thou
sands of dollars are owing for dresses,
and the tradespeople cannot get a cent.
There is a prominent Duchess, whose
credit was never in question" before,
but is now the subject of common talk
In the West End. She owes one firm
530,000 for dresses, but they are aware
that pressure would only mean loss of
clientele from many of this enterpris
ing lady's friends, and they are, there
fore, obliged to lie low. She is one of
the most lavish entertainers in Eng
land and thinks nothing of spending
$50,000 on one royal party at her coun
try residence. Her gambling propen
sities are well known to all the young
nobility swells and to enterprising
ladies who fancy a hand at bridge.
Although her husband is the possessor
of many thousands of acres and four
or five of the finest residences in the
country — all of them good enough for
the reception of kings and oriental
potentates — he is mortgaging them
heavily to support the extravagances
of hi3 fair Duchess. The Duchess in
order to satisfy her craving for gamb
ling and entertaining has been lately
disposing of her jewelry. Herds of cat
tle -which she bred and valued highly
are at the present moment of writing
advertised for sale.
to bis reputation in the way of riding
winners., Maher will, join the stables
of Marsh, who . will train the Prince's
horses when he begins his turf career.
Private reports from Newmarket and
other racing quarters do not indicate
much faith that the Prince will follow
racing with the same enthusiasm as
the King did. The Prince prefers the
seclusion, of the club for his gamble.
The Duchess of Devonshire gave him
.some useful lessons in bridge, which he
has not forgotten, and- John Roberts
shov/ed Mm how to win and lose at bil
liards. Whether Marsh, the -Newmar
ket trainer, will be in his line as suc
cessful remains to be seen. .-¦ .•:
There is much uneasiness among ser
vants in the royal stables in conse
quence of the King and Queen's pref
erence Jor motor cars. A few weeks
ago a number of stablemen at Windsor
were cautioned that they had better
look out for another Job. Their as
tonishment grew when the head man
was ordered to take their half a dozen
horses and carriages to a salesman's
premises in Piccadilly, where they were
immediately disposed of. Now the
force employed at Buckingham Palace
mews is to be reduced, and at least a
dozen stablemen will soon have a
chance of boasting the distinction of
serving his Majesty. The, weeding out
process is being felt mostly by the
younger men whose services are not
sufficiently long to entitle them to
either a gratuity or a pension. But
his Majesty is ~enerous and it_Is an
ticipated he will give all whom he dis
misses a year's wages.
General Kuropatkin is a crack shot.
When he was Minister of War, during
a tour of inspection he visited Sebas
topol and strolled with the command
ant along the boulevard, where there
was a shooting saloon. His host in
vited him to a contest and the Min
ister accepted, each to fire ten shots
with . a revolver at fifteen paces, the
target being a piece of white card
board about the size of a small cigar
ette case. "With a revolver the gen
eral put all ten shots into the target,
to the complete discomfiture of the
other competitor, and when a similar
target was put up ten paces farther
off he repeated the performance with
the rifle.
Kuropaikin at Target.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALi.,
ft HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, July 31. — Much
surprise has been occasioned by the
announcement that the Prince of
Wales Is goins in for horse racing.
He has heretofore given such little
r evidence of possessing "sporting
¦ blood" that it is about the last thing:
that was expected of him. Among
his intimate friends, however, it is
stated that no genuine love of the turf
has impelled him to take this course,
but a desire to win popularity with
the masses. At present their attitude
toward him is one of indifference not
unmlngled with contempt and is in
striking contrast to the feeline enter
tained for his father when he occu
pied the position of heir to the throne.
This may be in a measure due to his
general aloofness from all that con
cerns them. Laying corner-stones,
opening fashionable bazaars and at
tendance at similar functions pro
duce little effect on the crowd. Very
noticeable was the cool reception ac
corded the Prince and Princess when
they accompanied the King and Queen
"the other day to lay the foundation
Btone of a city hospital. As they rode
through Holborn, where men who
•••play the races" abound, not a hat
¦was lifted nor a cheer raised for
them. It is, something more than a
coincidence that the Prince should de
clare his intention of seeking a career
on the turf so shortly after this inci
dent. He is emulating his father's
example, but whether he will be
S equally successful in making himself
1 a favorite with the racing public re
mains to be seen.
• The Princess of "Wales is and al
ways has been opposed to horse rac
.ing because she saw in it an element
of reckless gambling. Queen Alexan
dra has the same feeling, but King
Kdward, unlike his heir, has insisted
.r'^vays on being master of his own
household. He knew ivhat his sub
jects liked and whether he^was run
ning a horse or not lie always had a
'"bit on" every race reckoned import
ant In the racing calendar.
The threatened withdrawal of such
men as Lord Dunraven, Leopold de
Rothschild, Leonard Brassey and Sir
Waldie Griffith from racing would also
J appear to have influenced the Prince.
I These patrons of the turf have been
pomplaining of the King's lack of
practical interest in racing matters
'lately. He goes to all the fashionable
meetings and keeps a few "crocks"
In training, but what is wanted are
his colors at classic races. He has
been practicing economy since he
came to the throne and moreover he
tells his friends plainly that his pub
lic duties make so much demand upon
his time that he cannot afford to look
after training stables.
Early In the season he was obliged to
release "Danny" Maher from his en
gagement because he had not suffi
cient horses in training to give the
young American a chance of living up
In London Society.
Specim.1 Corresi>onfi«ne«.
Sven Hedln describes walking in a
sandstorm in the Tibetan Desert as
being "like wadingr against' running
water or liquid mud."
THE Japanese have startled Russia by entering'a
Chinese neutral port, and cutting out a Russian
warship that had sought seclusion and; refuge there.
At the first blush this was taken as a violation of. inter
national law and neutral rights. But was it? The Rus
sian warship was part of the armed 'fleet in~Port Arthur.
The Russians confess, that she entered the Chinese port
for the purpose of notifying Skrydlofly of the .Vladivos
tok'fleet, that the Port Arthur fleet had escaped, for the
purpose of making a junction with him. This in itself
was the misuse of 'a neutral port^for a war purpose, to
the distinct disadvantage of Japan. After, accomplishing
it, the Russian ship was "disarmed" by removing the
breech blocks from her guns, with the intention of lying
indefinitely in a -neutral port. The Japanese followed
her in, captured her and took her out into open water
under the flag of Japan, adding her to their fleet.
The ideas of Russia seem to be strangely muddled in
regard to neutrality, and the shift and change of the
character of her ships. She brought auxiliary ships out
of the Black Sea, under a merchant flag, and when they
were through the Dardanelles immediately armed them
and began preying upon neutral commerce in the Red
Sea. This was in violation of treaty/stipulations which
forbid the Dardanelles to Russian warships. It was
characteristic of Russia, however, and was what the
parties to the treaty might have expected. The ships so
used had no higher character than pirates, and would
have been treated as such. by Great Britain had they
continued to make seizures.
Taking refuge in neutral Chinese ports, under a construc
tive disarmament, is part of the same policy. The warship
used for that purpose could not be held there by China.
She could recoal and revictual and even take on war
stores and be ready to rebreech her guns and slip out
when the coast was clear to prey upon neutral ships, or
resume her place in the Russian fleet in an action on
the open sea. She was more dangerous to Japan than
if she were on open water, for she lurked in ambush,
ready at any time to strike. If the Russian use of neu
tral ports were accepted the entire fleet might sequester
itself temporarily in Chinese ports, take off the breech
blocks and then rearm by replacing them, and steam
out at the expiration of the limit fixed by international
law for armed ships.
It is not intended by the law of nations that a bellig
erent shall make such use of neutral ports. Especially
is it not to be permitted in the case of Chinese ports.
China has no navy with which to defend and enforce
her neutral rights in her sea ports. Her posjtion is
peculiar. Russia has been ready at any time to declare
war against her. Since the opening of the struggle with
Japan Russia has ceaselessly nagged China in the
hope of provoking some overt act that would be an ex
cuse for such action. The right of China to protect her
frontier from invasion by the contending forces has
been denied by Russia in a protest against the appear
ance of General Ma's army on the border. In every
possible way Russia has sought to embroil China.
Now, under the preposterous claim to the use of Chi
nese ports for disarmed warships, Russia- could' put
into them her entire fleet, ready for a declaration of
war, which would be instantly followed by the reduction
of every Chinese sea port. This would give her an im
mense advantage over Japan, and it would be gained by
a palpable and atrocious trick.
Under the circumstances Japan has done just what
any other nation would have done. , She has punished
the trick by capturing a ship that was too cowardly to'
fight on open water, and has added it to her fleet. In
stead of violating the neutrality of China she has pro
tected it, by exposing a-trick that put it in peril. It may
be expected that Russia will make a florid protest to
the powers. But a nation that asks international equity
must come blameless herself, and with clean hands. Thi3
Russia cannot do, and no matter under what diplomatic
verbiage the answer may be softened it is safe to say
that the nations will fail to get excited over the incident.
Japan has an adequate defense and will present it with
the force that has become a characteristic of her states
manship.
The action itself was another evidence of Japanese
courage and adventure and promptness, and the verdict
of the lovers of fair play is that she served Russia as
she deserved.
RUSSIA'S views on: contraband o f war. coupled
: with the evident purpose of the Czar to continue
¦'¦-¦«. ;t . h * °P eration of the volunteer fleet in the Pacific
Ocean on. the lines that have proved so annoying to
the British in the Red Sefc, have become primary ques
tions of: the hour for discussion by British statesmen.
The problem created by Russia's tremendous sea activ
ity, vastly increased by the release of the Port Arthur
fleet and the, impending movement of the Baltic battle
ships, has. become one of grave moment to the British
Foreign Office, and well it may be. Britain has infin
itely more to lose from the predatory fleets of the Rus
sians than all the other sea powers combined.
It is not to be wondered at, therefore, that the subject
of contraband has become a theme of agitated debate in
the House of Lords and in the House of Commons, that
Lord . Lansdowne has been placed on his mettle by
pointed queries, that representations bordering on the
undiplomatic have been made to St. Petersburg, and
that the Pandora's box of the Dardanelles has been con
sidered fit food for the wisdom of The Hague Tribunal.
British -.traders are menaced far more seriously than
they ever were before in this generation.
Some unwarranted surprise has been expressed that
practically all the seizures made by the Russians in the
Red Sea have been those of British ships, and a like
condition will follow in the Pacific Ocean if the Russians
persist in their policy. This is to be expected because
of the overwhelming preponderance of British tonnage
over that of other nations.
The marvelous carrying trade of Great Britain and her
colonies t explains at a glance the trepidation of London.*
While Germany and other maritime nations have in
creased their carrying trade very largely in the last few
years, Britain has kept pace with the forward movement
and still holds her marveloui supremacy on the seas.
Great Britain owns for commercial purposes 7699
steamers, of I3,999»2i8 tons burden, and 1537 sailing ves
sels of 1,392.132 tons burden. Add to this enormous
capacity of the mother country the trading ships owned
in the British colonies, 1088 steamers of 867,309 tons
burden and 926 sailing vessels of 322,186 tons burden,
and we have the magnificent total of 8787 steamers of
14,866,527 tons burden and 2463 sailing vessels of 1,714,
318 tons under the control of the British Empire and en
couraged by. its imperial promise of protection.
It is' little wonder, therefore, that the British Parlia
ment sees, in the sea policy of the Czar potentialities of
tremendous damage to the British carrying trade both in
Europe and the Orient. Nor is Germany to be left out
of calculation as a vigorous objector to the free and
easy interpretation of contraband by the Russians. Ger
many's flag floats over 1483 steamers of 2,891,869 tons
burden and she is fourth on the list of proprietors of
sailing vessels in the world's carrying trade. The
United States comes third in the zone of danger. with
1266 steamships of 2,440,794 tons burden, and we are
second on the roll of sailing ships. While most of our
carrying trade is coastwise or confined to the lakes, we
have still an appreciable interest in the controversy
which so agitates England. It will be well, therefore,
for the Czar to count the cost when he sets his fighting
ships fre« on predatory missions.
THE ABUSE OF NEUTRAL PORTS.
BRITAIN COUNTING THE COST.
into th' box, but Bill is apt to frget his H
there's a five-dollar bill in New York calUa*
fr a father. Don't believe ivrything David
Binnitt Hill tells ye. He's a gr-reat man at
a prim'ry, but he's poor in th* wards. Ho
knows how to reach th' captain iv* th eighth
precinct, but he's niver had his ear very
near to th' gr-reat throbbin' heart to th*
people on account iv th' watch pocket beln'
on that side. What th* public knows about
ye is all in ye'er favor, barrin. ye have a
slight impedymint in ye'er convictions.
They like ye so much as an upright Judge
an' stalwart farmer that they may not want
_to remove ye. They ar-re a foolish people
an' they may ask ye to stay on th' farm.
But don't be in too much iv a hurry to de
clare ye'er principles. Ye won't; but don't.
If ye have principles iv ye'er own, they may
not agree with ye'er party's, an' if ye hold
th' principles iv e'er party they're onpopiar.
But don't be discouraged, annyhow. Th'
'campaign is young. Annything may hap
pen. Rosenfelt may go lame. At prisint,
afther makin' a cold an' calculated survey
iv th' situation, I can on'y promise ye th*
ilicthral vote iv Tevas an' me3ilf, an' we
both need watchin'.
"What wud he say? He'd ask David
Binnitt Hill, an' David Binnitt Hill wud
say: 'It's a cinch. Not on'y ye'er own
gr-rcnt popylarity an' mine makes it certain,
but I've seen a man in Buffalo who knows
a man in th' third precinct iv th' foorth
ward who is goin' to see a fellow in Mat
toon, Illinye, who has th' city collector iv
Keokuk undher his thumb an' he can get to
Cortolloo. I need say no more. Ye will
undherstand what I mean be me wink.
Rosenfelt may as well go back to th' barn!'
"No, sir. I will not disturb anny man's
romance with me valuable an' unsought
opinyions. But, secretly, Hinnissy, it don't
look to me as though ayether iv thim had
th' ghost iv a chance."
"I'm afraid iv Rosenfelt." said Mr. Hcn
nessy.
"I ain't afraid iv anny Prididint that iver
lived," said Mr. Dooley. "Six months in
th' White House wud tame a buffalol"
mycratic gains. F'r th' Raypublican th'
news from thJ^Southwest; is so cheerin'
as to be almost'incredible or quite so. But
iliction day comes at last. Th' people iv
this gr-reat counthry gather at th' varyous
temples iv liberty, in barber shops an' livery
stables an' indicate their choice iv evils. A
gr-reat hush -falls on th' land as th' public
pours out iv th' side dures iv th' saloons an'
reverently gathers at th' newspaper offices
to await with baited breath th' thrillin' news
fr'm th' first precint iv th' foorth ward iv
Sheboygan, Wis. An' thin again we hear
th' old but niver tiresome story: Texas
give a Dimmycrat majority iv five hun
*dhred thousan 1 , but will reopen th' polls if
more is necess'ry; th' Dimmycrats hops iv
th' prisint ratio is maintained th' Raypub
lican victhry in Pinnsylvanya will not be
unanimous. An' wan candydate rayceives
six millyoir votes an' is overwhelmingly de
feated an' th' other rayceives five millyon,
nine, hundhred. thousan' an' is triumphantly
ilicted. An' there ye ar-re.
"Why, Hinnissy, wanst whin I was in roI
lytics, me an' Willum O'Brien put up a Ger
man be th' name iv Smeerkase or some such
name fr aldherman f r th' fun iv th' thing.
It was a gr-reat joke an' aven th' Dutchman
knew it. But befure he'd been nommynated
two weeks he • begun to take it seeryous.
'They'se a good dale iv dissatisfaction in th'
ward with th' prisint aldherman,' says he,
'an' ye know I've lived here a long time an'
I'm popylar with th' boys. Sthranger things
have happened thin iv this joke was tojturn
out thrue.* 'Well,' says I, if ye're ilicted I
want ye to make me Uncle. Mike Chief iv
PolisV He's licked thim all an' he raaly holds .
th' job^ex-propria vigore, as th' Supreme
Coort wud say/ says I. .Sure, I- will,', says
Smeerkase. Well, he come into me , place
iyry.'day to tell me how his campaign was
gettin' on. He had assurances 'fr'm more
people thin there were in th' ward that
theyid vote fr him:. He had his pitcheV took
ah' hung on.th' tilllygrafy^ poles. -He hired' a
man to write his obichury fr'm th' time ,he v
took his first glass iv beer as a baby 'to th'
moment when th' indignant citizens iv th'
thry to get anny th' colored line will be
dhrawn more closely an' on higher threes
an' manny a smilin' face will be absent fr'm
ye'er festive board. Ye've just managed to
hurt th 'thrusts enough to make thim mad
an 'they're afther ye. Manny people is
scared to death that if 'ye get in again ye'll
buckle on yer soord an' declare war again
th' homes iv their birth where they skipped
fr'm. They'se a lot iv Germans in Wis
consin an' Illinye that don't like a foreign
policy, mannyfacthered to ordher in Eng
land an' who wud not care to lay down th'
bungstarter an' th' sausage grinder to take
up th' soord an' make war on thir lieber
Vaterland in ordher to advance th' common
an' sometimes vulgar speech iv Shakespeare
an' Joe Chamberlain. Ye ar-re well liked
be some an' well disliked be others. Th'
beautiful bust iv ye that Jacob Riis molded
in buither is meltin' in th' harsh glare iv th'
secret meetin's at* th' White House. Ye
won't be ilicted be Ye'er frinds or defeated
be ye'er inimies. It is to th' indepindant
suffrages iv th' freemen who ar-re indiff'rent
to ye that ye must appeal. If they ar-re more
indiff'rent to th' Sage of Esoopus, you have
a chanst. But ye'er gr-rea£ hope iv victhry
is v nawthin' ye've done or nawthin' ye
haven't done but this: That no matther how
manny votes th' Dimmycrats have befure
th' polls open th' Raypublicans usually
have more whin th' polls ciosc, an' they
don't care how late they set up.'
"What wud he say? He'd sind fr Jacob
Riis.
"If I wint to Esoopus an' found th' Sage
makin' hay with Willum Rockyf ellar an*
Augy'Belmont, I might say: 'Sage, don't
ye put too much thrust in thrusts. A thrust
may show a momentary fondness fr a Dim
mycrat.but raymimber. a thrust is a Repub
lican atj heart. He was brought up upon it.
It's good to have Willum Rockyfellar with
ye f r Prisidint iv th' United States, but I'd
rather have th' fam'ly inflooence on me side
if I was r-runnin' fr. Prisidint .iv th' Stand
ard Her; Bill an' me is allowed be th' con
stochoochion th' same number iv votes, i.e.,
as Hogan wud say, wan. Mine is sure to get
Dimmycratic party in Maine is so cheered
be th' prospects that his frinds can't keep
him sober. /:,'-.
"Th' life iv a candydate is th' happiest
there is. If I want annything pleasant said
about me I have to say it mesilf. There's a
hundherd thousan' freemen ready to say it
to a candydate an' say it strong. They ask
nawthin' in rayturn that will require a civil
service examination. He starts in with a
pretty good opiniyon iv himsilf based on
what his mother said iv him as a baby, but
be th' time he's hcerd th' first speech iv
congratulation he begins to think he had a
cold an' indiff'rent parent. Ninety per cint
iv th' people who come to see him tell him
Jie's th' mos' pop'lar thing that ivcr was an'
will carry th' counthry like a tidal wave. He
don't let th'~ others in. If annybody says
annything about him less frindly thin Jacob
Riis, he knows he's either a sorehead or is
in th' pay iv th' other campaign comity.
Childher an' dogs ar-re named afther him,
pretty women an' some iv th' other kind
thry to kiss him an 1 th' newspapers. publish
pitchers iv him as he sets in his libry with
his brows wrinkled in thought iv how fine a
man he is. Th' opposition pa-apers don't
get up to th' house an' he niver sees himsilf
with a face like Sharkey or reads that th'
reason he takes a bath in th' Hudson is be-*
cause he is too stingy to buy a bathtub fr
th 1 house an' prefers to sponge on th'
gr-reat highway belongin' to.th' people.
"If he hasn't. done much to speak iv. his
frinds rayport his. small but handsome var
chues. He niver punched his wife, he sinds
his boys to school, he. loves his counthry, he
shaves with a safety razor. A man expicts
to be ilicted Prisidintivth' United States,
Hinnissy, frth'^fine qualities 1 that th' r-rcst
iv us use on'y' to keep out iv, the pinitinchry.
All th' time th' rayports from th' counthry
become more an' more gldwin'. Th' tidal
wave is risiu' an' soon will amount to r a
landslide. Victhry is perched upon our. ban
ners an' has sint.fr th' fam'ly. F'rth' Dim- :
¦ mycratic candydate th' mos' glowin' ray
ports iv gains come' fr'm New England,
where there is always most room for Dim-
sixth ward arose an' demanded that they
shud crowd their suffrage on him. That
meant me an' O'Brien, d'ye mind? He got
up a mass-meeting with bands an' calceem
lights an' th" hall, was crowded while he
talked not on'y broken, but, be hivins, pool
verized English on th' issues iv th' day.
Well, Hinnissy, yc know 'tis not on'yth'
candydate himsilf that's confident, it's ivry
body around him. An' befure th' iliction
come I begun to think that maybe me frind
did have a chance, so I wint around to see
him. He was disthributin' th' spendin'
money fr th' polls an'- 1 had to fight me way
in. 'Glad to see ye. Mister Dooley,' says
he. 'I wanted to tell ye that I'm sorry I
can't appint ye'er Uncle Chief iv Polis.v I've
inquired: into his charackter,' says he. 'an'
'tis not up to th' standard.. Besides,' he says,
'I've promised th' job to th' Amalgamated
Union iv Can Openers, who ar-re with me
to a man.' . Ar-re ye that sure ye-re. goin'
to be ilicted that ye'ye already broken ye'er
ante-iliction promises?' says I. 'My. but it's
you. that ar-re th' hurried statesman.' 'It's
all over,' says he. 'I've ordhered th' flowers
fr me desk"in th' council.' 'Make me a
gates-ajar,' says I. an' wint me way. How
manny votes did he get? Eight. That was
th' amount. 'Where did he get thim?' says
I to O'Brien. 'They were some we cud
den't use,' says he. 'They belonged to a
Bohaymian in th' foorth precint, but I give
them to v Smeerkase. -He's a good fellow,'
says he. —¦'
"What's me opinyion ivth* campaign?
'Sure, what's th' use iv breakin' up anny
man's happy . dhream be. tellin' him- th'
thruth? If anny fellow/citizen iv mine can
get four months' complete injymint out iv
life with' nary a care or worry but ivry day,
th' glad. hand an* th' rainbow iv hope in',th'
sky, it's" not me will spile his game. An' it
wudden't do ¦ anriy; 7 good annyhow.", Sup
posin' Thaydoor Rosenfelt was to dhrop in
here an' ask me opinyion in th' campaign
up to ; dite>> I might ' say: .' 'Thaydoor; me
buck, at; this "minyit I .can't offer ye much
consylation. Ye won't get anny votes in
th'j South that will do ye anny good. If ye
MR. DOOLETS VIEWS ON LIFE OF THE CANDIDATE AND THE CAMPAIGN
BY F. P. DUNNE.
(Copyright. 1304. by JicClure, Philllpt & Co.)
4 4 T SEE," said Mr. Hennessey, "that the
1 Dimmycrats have gr-reat confi
1 dence-"
"They have." said Mr. Dooley.
"Th f Dimmycrats have gr-rcat confidence,
th' Raj-publicans ar-re sure, th' Popylists
are hopeful, th' Prohybitionists look fr a
landslide or a flood or whativer you may
call a prohybition vichtry, an' th' Socylists
think this may be their year. That's what
makes pollytic^ th' gr-reat game an' th'
on'y v.-an to dhrive dull care away. It's a
game iv hope, iv jolly-yc'er-neighbor, a con
fidence game. If ye get a bad hand at
poker, ye lay it down. But if ye get a
bad hand at pollytics, ye bet ye'er pair iv
deuces as blithe as an Englishman who has
jus' larned the game out iv th' spoortin'
columns iv th' London Times. If ye don't
win fair, ye may win fouL If ye don't win,
yc may tie an* get th' money in th' con
fusion. If it wasn't such a game, wud there
be Dimmycrats in Vermont, Raypublicans
in Texas an* Prohybitionists in th' stock
yards ward? Ivry year men crawl out iv
th' hospitals where they've been since last
iliction day to vote th' Raypublican ticket
in Mississippi. There's no record iv it, but
it's a fact. To-day th' Dimmycrats will on'y
concede Vermont, Maine an' Pinnsylvanya
to th' Raypublicans, an' th' Raypublicans
concede Texas, Al'.ybaminy an' Mississippi
to th' Dimmycrats. But it's arly yet. Wait
awhile. Th' wurruk iv th' campaign has not
begun. Both sides is inclined to be pessi
mistic Th' consarvative business man who
Ihir/ks that if a little money cud be placed in
Yazoo City, th' prejudice again Rosenfelt, .
which is on'y skin deep annyhow. cud be
removed, hasn't turned ,up at headquar- ,
thers. About th' middle iv October the
Raypublicans who concedes Texas to th'"
Dimmycrats will be dhrummed out iv th'
oarty, as . a thraitor an' ye'll hear that th' .
ABAL.ONB SHELLS— W. I*. City. In
order to polish abalone shells the outer
coating must first be removed. Thl3
is done by placing the shells In lye
made by boiling strong ashes and then
boiling the shells from six to seven
hours, or longer if necessary, after
which they must soak in the liquid.
After boiling they must frequently bo
washed In water. Then the shells ara
dried In sawdust and when thoroughly
dried the surface is rubbed with a
mixture of tripoll and turpentine ap
plied by means of a pieoe of wash
leather. After this application has
dried It should be rubbed off. The
shells are then rubbed with very fins
dry tripoll and lastly some olive oil
is rubbed In and then finished by rub-.
bing with a chamois.
DRIED MUSHROOMS— a K O.,
Natlvldad, Monterey County, CaL Tha
following is the method for drying
mushrooms: Freshly gathered small
mushrooms are peeled, the stems cut
off and the fur is entirely scraped off.
They are then arranged on a tin or
dish so that they do not touch and
are dried as gradually as possible in
a gentle oven. When dry they are
put In tin canisters and stored where
they will be secure from dampness.
Tibetan Women.
The traveler cannot fall to be struck
by the hardness and misery of the Tib
etan woman's lot. Among some of the
tribes wives are secured by tha simple
method of making a foraging expedi
tion on some weaker tribe and seizing
as many women as may be desired.
This practice, however boldly under
taken, is likely to mean the loss of sev
eral lives, and is adopted only in cases
of the direst necessity. The following
method' Is more generally employed:
When a warrior, surfeited with glory,
desires a wife he waits upon the father
of the girl who has attracted his eye
and makes an offer of marriage. The
father, after weighing the matter care
fully — for a refusal is liable to provoke
a long and disastrous feud — names a
price which he thinks consistent with
the charms and general usefulness of
his daughter. Then ensues a scene of
the shrewdest bargaining.
The wishes or inclination of the wo
man are never consulted, but the bar
gaining goes on for days, and even
weeks, until a final settlement has been
arrived at. The preliminary bartering
having been completed, on the day ap
pointed for the wedding the woman Is
placed either in the upper limbs of a
tree, -while her male relatives remain
on the lower branches, armed with
thorn-sticks — or in the back part of her
father's hut, while the relatives guard
the entrance in a similar manner/ The
suitor rides up on his horse, arrayed In
wedding finery, and^announces his In
tention of seizing his bride. In fact
this is love making of the most stren
uous kind, requiring ardor and courage
'Answers to Queries,
FROG RAISIXG— A. C. Ceres, CaL.
There Is a work called "How to Raise
Frogs," by Coombes. This can b<* se
cured through any bookseller.
— J
Music in tJie Park, V*
The following programme irtn t>#
played in Golden Gate Park this afi
ternoon:
"Star Spangled Banner, .national antliam TT. 8.
March. "Queen of the Surf*"... John V. Kloar
Overture, "Beautiful Galatea". ....... .Supj*»
"Waltz, "La Sotree" Nathan
Solo for saxophone Sclectad
J. L.. Mundwyl«r.
Grand fantasl*. "Attlla"... „ ... ..Verdi
Ovtrture, "Macbetli'" .«...,,. Hat ton
"Falkentang" . .. ..May«rbeer
Fantasie. "Hom», Sweet HomV* ........ Nehl
Selection. "The Tenderfoot" .Hearts
National fantasia of Great Britain. "Al
bion" . ............................ ..Baetesa
"America" .................. ..•_..,. .....*
Sawyer's Whisky.
Among the old miners of SIskiyou
County a man can get worse whisky
at Sawyer's bar than in any other
place on earth. This is the belief of the
gold diggers of that section, and that
faith is accepted as orthodox.
Regularly every Christmas Billy X,
foreman of the Oro Fino mine, takes
his layoff down at Sawyer's. Once the
superintendent asked him why he al
ways selected that place for his vaca
tion. ?: v--
"I want to have one yearly drunk,"
said Billy, "and I want to know just
when I am drunk, so that I may enjoy
the sensation."
"Well, can't you enjoy the sensation
in any other portion of the county or
State or continent?", asked the super
intendent.
"No. When I'm drinking Sawyer's
whisky and it begins to taste good,
then I know I'm drunk."
of the most ardent sort on tha part of
the suitor, for in order to reach his
bride he is compelled to run the gaunt
let of the male relatives, who beat him
unmercifully. If he Is able to elude hta
opponents and braves their chastise
ment, on touching the foot of the girl
he is welcomed into the family and
complimented on the ardor of his pas
sion. Should he fall, he finds Mm—if
in the awkward predicament of being
both wifeless and out of tha presents
he has made during the preliminary]
negotiations.'
Although a parent may have sold &
woman to one man, it does not prevent
his redlsposlng of her to any suitor
who may come after, and who is looked
upon as legitimate a husband as th«
first one. All the husbands contribute
to the wife's support. — Outing.
Economy.
n Senator "Jim" Fair had two marked
characteristics— economy and love of
Joking. He never forgot frugality in
his extensive business, and he even
made his own economy a subject for
humor.
Once while puttering around over the
Comstock he slipped and started feet
first down a deep, narrow shaft There
was a long", continuous wooden ladder
reaching to the bottom, with Its every
twelfth rung of iron to strengthen the
structure. Down this he sped.
"When I found myself sliding down
toward the center of earth," said the
Senator, who used to enjoy telling the
story, "I thought it was time to begin
doin' something. Bo I - commenced to
grab at the ladder rungs. As I went
down I broke every single one of them
wooden sticks. This checked the speed
of my fall, and I landed 'bout a thou
sand feet below, badly shook up but
not hurt."
"But what did you do when you came
to the iron rungs?" he was asked.
"Oh, I just skipped 'em. Couldn't af
ford to break 'em. "Wood was cheap,
but iron, was then durned dear on the
Comstock."
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST U, 1904.
THE SAN ; FRAN CIS CQ GAL L
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . ..;... Address AH CommqntattioM^ to JOHN McNAUGHT, Hanafsr
Publication Office. ..?......, V. « » . . . .Third , and Market Street*. 8. P
SUNDAY .... I.................. ...... .../.......... :.......:;:.......AUGUST 14. 1904
32
Special Information supplied 6*Qj ti
business houses and public man by thm
Press Clipping Bureau (Allan's). 230 CaJU
lfornla street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Towcsend's California Gl&ce fxulta fc<
artistic nre-etched boxes. 71S Market at,*A reward of fain* and taoney a Trait* him
mho ruppltes our ne*4» with something better
a» "Old Gilt Edrc Whiskey." Wlchnan. Lut
gtntCo..2»-31 Ba*tery»t..S.F.,scle proprietor*.'
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion at San Francisco September 10
for the internal revenue service. Age
limit, 21 years or over. Apply to
United States Civil Service Commis
sion. Washington, D. C. or to the
secretary, board of examiners, post
office, San Francisco, for form 101,
which should be filed with the com
mission at Washington. D. C.
Internal Revenue Examinations.
Fat To\X» — I rea-jce-l my we!ght 70
X*>unds. truit C Jr.chet. *ai«t 6 Jncbt* mni hir»
14 i.-.cfcf* la * short tinie by a gtaranteed
y. t :r.>5» remedy without exercis« or ctarvln* . i
¦wtil tril you «1! about It. Inclose iumi Ad
4r-« UliS. E C. RICHARDS.
238 East Ninth street.
" Riverside. Cal.
"I cannot believe that he Is dead,"
she said last night. "I am sure that
he will come back to me." Then the
thought that her husband might be ly
ing dead at the bottom of a bluff or
wandering frenzied about the hills
comes to her and she moans pitifully.
She reproaches herself continually for
having let him go alone.
1 Preston was well thought of by the
railroad pepole. He has been engaged
in the same work for years. The
United Railroads Company has sent a
man to aid in the search.
Mrs. Preston has had scarcely any
sleep since her husband left home. Rel
atives who are caring for her fear for
her reason. Every time she hears her
doorbell ring she expects to see her
husband. She still clings to the hope
that he lives. • *
The supposition is that Preston has
thrown himself from one of the high
bluffs near Pacific Grove, or has wan
dered Into the hills. At a late hour his
wife had no word from the search
party.
Is Henry Preston alive or dead? A
week ago he wrote to his wife at 206
Fillmore street, in this city, a letter
from Pacific Grove, in which he told
her that he intended to end his life.
Telegrams were quickly sent to the
place by the anxious woman, but no
trace of Henry Preston, alive or dead,
could be found. Two detectives are
now searching that neighborhood for a
clew to his -whereabouts. Meanwhile,
the v.ife is worn out with watching
and waiting.
Preston was employed in the main
tainance of way department of the
United Railroads. For some time, his
wife says, he has been acting strange
ly. This she attributes to overwork.
Two weeks ago he started on a vaca
tion. Mrs. Preston has not seen him
since.
With the letter from Pacific Grove^ —
evidently written by a man whose
mind was unbalanced— Preston en
closed his watch and some Masonic
emblems.
Search Is Made for Henry
Preston. Who Wrote That
He Would Commit Suicide
MISSING MAN
MAY BE DEAD
Owners Declare They Were Not Reck
oned With in Purchase of
Land by City.
Otto turn Suden. attorney for Au
gust Busse. Timothy Ellsworth and
.James H. Gates, filed a communication
yesterday with the Board of Super
visors alleging that his clients are the
owners of four-twenty-sixths of the
property known as South Park, They
are willing to part with their Interest
provided they receive therefor their
proportionate shares of the appropria
tion of 520,000 voted for the purchase
of the land from the Gordon heirs.
Turn Suden Fays the abstract upon
Thich City Attorney Loryj is now pass
!rg makes no mention of the con
veyances showing title in his clients
and he incloses a reference to the
various conveyances affecting their in
t^ rests.
LAY CLAIM TO PART OF
SOUTH PARK PROPERTY
There are seven miles of railroad for
each 100 of area.
not decided on Altmann's successor as
Park Commissioner, and will not do so
until later In the week.
Johannsen with having "stirred up and
incited" Eric Gustafson to resist the
lawful orders of the master of the
steam schooner Coqullle River, Gus
tafson beinjr a member of the crew.
A demurrer was argued and sub
mitted in the matter of the Indictment
charging E. W. Nelson and John J.
In the United States District Court
yesterday Martin Walsh pleaded not
guilty of violating the revenue laws
by refilling cigar boxes.
Walsh Pleads Not Guilty.
The Foresters of America of San
Francisco will celebrate Foresteis'
day in Golden Gate Hall to-morrow
night by a large class initiation. The
forty-four courts of this city will pre
sent 400 strangers, who are anxious to
become members of the association.
On the evening of Saturday following
there will be a grand ball under the
cuispiees of a committee appointed by
the courts. For this event 20,000 in
vitation? have been issued.
Foresters' Day.
Coupland Thomas of 1666 Twenty
fcurth avenue, Fruitvale, informed the
Health Office attaches yesterday that
he represents the English solicitors in
the 540,000 estate left to Thomas W.
Carr, who died in the Almshouse in
1S9 8. The estate was left to Carr by
his brother, but several cousins of
Carr in London f have put in their
claims. Thomas believes there are
still some American heirs and he Is
anxious to find them.
Seeks American Heirs.
VISIT L.EN//S STUDIO— At 916 Market Bt..
Columbia buildinc, is one of the finest, larg
est and best equipped photo studios in S. F\.
with two operating rooms. Spect«I attention
called to our high grade work. Extra cab
inets at -«2 6<"» and excellent ones at ?1 50 per
dozen. The higher pradea. such as carbon,
jtl?t!num, etc., have been cut one-half. In
spect our studio and be convinced, as no bet
ter work is turned out in this city, with
prices BO low. Workmanship ruaranteed for
excellency. Twenty years' experience. •
G. R. Rowden and L. L. McGau
ghey are employed by the Oakland
Dairy at 320 Fulton street. Yester
day morning they quarreled over some
milk bottles and McGaughey alleges
that Rowden struck him on the head
with one of the bottles, Inflicting
three scalp wounds. MqGaughey had
his wounds dressed at the Central
Emergency Hospital and then went to
the- Hall of Justice, where he swore
out a warrant for Rowden's arrest on
a. charge of assault with a deadly
weapon.
Milkmen Have a Fight.
Altmann, will not assume his new du
ties until to-morrow, when he will file
his resignation as a member of the
Park Commission. Altmann was born
in this city, and after leaving the pub
lic schools devoted himself to the study
of art. After several years of study at
the California School of Design he took
a course in the National School of Fine
Arts in Paris under Gerome. In 1S98 he
returned to this city and was appointed
professor of perspective and sketching
at the Mark Hopkins Institute. He is
also a member of the advisory board of
the- "California Landmarks League.
While Park Commissioner he has made
many suggestions that have resulted In
improvements at Golden Gate Park.
Altmann is highly regarded by the
Mayor, as is evidenced by his selection
two years ago for the park commls
sionership. The present members of
the Board of Education are greatly
pleased that Altmann will sit with
them in their deliberations. Altmann
was recently elected head of the draw-
Ing department In the Lowell High
School, which post will now be vacated
by his acceptance of the school direc
torship.
The Mayor said yesterday that he had
The exclusive publication in The Call
that Aaron Altmann, one of the present
members of the Park Commission,
would be appointed by Mayor Schmitz
to the vacancy in the Board of Educa
tion created by Director C. Vf. Mark's
election to the principalship of the
Crocker School had its confirmation
yesterday, when the appointment was
formally announced by the Mayor.
Appoints Park Commissioner
to Succeed Cecil W.
Mark as Director.
AARON AL.TMAIX. V.'HO HAS BEEN [
APPOINTED MEMBER OF EOAftD !
OF EDUCATION. i
Roncovieri told Kellogg that one of
the reauests made by the Board of
Education was for an appropriation
for an additional wing to the Hamil
ton School building, but the request
had been turned down, as had many
others.
"V."e would like very much to estab
lish some new classes," said Roncovie
ri, "but lack of funds will prevent it.
Nearly all the schools are turning
away pupils owing to lack of room
and it is a marvel to me where they
all go. I presume that many find
their way to private schools. I really
do not see how we can establish
any more new classes, although I sup
pose that something must be done in
cases where they are absolutely re
quired. For the present, however, we
shall have to worry along as best we
can. The msitake is that no provi
sion is made here for the natural in
crease In attendance, as is done In
New York, where the School Directors
must provide annually 25,000 addi
tional desks for that purpose."
Kellogg urged the establishment of
several new classes in order to care
for pupils v»ho applied for admission,
but Roncovieri said this would be im
possible,, owing to the inadequate ap
propriation for the support of the
schools as made by the Board of Su
pervisors in the last municipal bud
get.
A. E. Kellopg, principal of the
Hamilton Grammar School, yesterday
visited Alfred Roncovieri, president of
the Board of Education, and informed
him that the school had turned away
hundreds of children who sought ad
mittance because there were no ac
commodations either in the way of
classrooms or desks for any more new
pupils.
Acting on a request of the Supervis
ors' Charter Amendment Committee
made on Friday last. City Engineer
Woodward and Assistant City Engineer
Morser yesterday began the drafting of
a charter amendment relative to the
procedure in making grade changes.
The officials named say that the exist
ing charter provisions on this subject
are not comprehensive enough to cover
many cases that occur almost daily,
particularly with reference to the mat
ter of assessment for damages when
grade changes are made. The draft of
the amendment will be submitted to
the City Attorney for revision of its
legal phraseology, so that no technical
ity will interfere with the enforcement
of the amendment if adopted.
Police Commissioners Hutton and
Howell petitioned the Supervisors to
submit a charter amendment provid
ing for the appointment of Police
Judges by the Superior Judges, the
first appointment to be made in De
cember, 1905, and two others in Jan
uary, 1906, thus limiting the number
of Police Judges to three.
Police Commissioners Reagan and
Hutton filed a protest against the
amendment to fix the age limit of po
licemen at from 25 years to 35 years.
They ask that the age limit be fixed
between 21 and 30 years. They claim
that the ages of most policemen who
ccme up on trial for showing bad
judgment and the commission of of
fenses is above the 30-year limit.
The Election Commissioners yester
day petitioned the Board of Super
visors to submit an amendment to the
charter providing that a member of
the Election Commission, Registrar or
deputy registrar shall be eligible to
any other municipal office after the
expiration of the term for which he
was appointed. The amendment would
eliminate the phrase which prohibits
such officials from being eligible to
other offices within one year after the
expiration of their terms.
Fifteen deputy registrars employed
in the office of the Election Commis
sioners yesterday filed a petition with
the Board of Supervisors that a char
ter amendment be submitted to the
electors providing for an increase in
their salaries from $100 to $125 per
month.
Police Board Members Want
Age Limit of Patrolmen
Fixed at Thirty Years
Hundreds of Pupils Turned
• Away From the Hamilton
School for Lack of Eoom
FUNDS AEE INADEQUATE
MANY CHANGES SOUGHT
Board of Education Is Con
fronted With Difficulty
in Increased Attendance
Election Commissioners De
sire to Be Eligible for
Other Municipal Offices
CANNOT FORM
NEW CLASSES
WOULD AMEND
CITY'S CHARTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; SUNDAY, AUGUST 11. 1904.
MAYOR NAMES
A. ALTMANN ON
SCHOOL BOARD
33
Especial attention is invited to
the
DOMESTIC HELP
and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
adyertisements in THE CALL.
Sec Paces 40 to 46.
.--..._ ApyERTISEMEXTS.
—IN-
Lot No. I™: om . 35c
I ai Na 1 Reduced from IZn
JLUl IWJt L $1.25, 51.50 to.... JdW>
I ok Ma 3 Reduced f rom $1 im
1 a! Na A Reduced from $17^
JLUl 11U# Ht $2.25. $2.50 to...- ULV
I (\i Na Reduced from $1 CA
JLUl IlU» f) $2.75, $300 to... l«e/lF
I ai Na k Reduced from $1 7£
LrfUl HUt U $3.50, $5.00 to... It ICS
1\£m< V V \J* \Jt \P iLp w*
IN ALL DEPARTMENTS
ORIENTAL RUGS, THIRD FLOOR.
/ COR.PQSTSKEARhY StSa
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason «t. Music by the great Pah-
American quartet. - •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SINGS ITS PRAISES
MISS MARIE CAHILL, who has sung herself into the
hearts of thousands, sings the praises of ED. PINAUD'S EAU
DE QUININE HAIR TONIC. Read her endorsement:
Office of
DANIEL V. ARTHUR.
Suite 310-312.
1402 Broadway. New York.
June 10, 1904.
I find that Ed. Pinaud's * f Eaude Quinine 1 •
is essentially a preparation that has no su-
perior as a hair tonic. It has my endorse-
ment
What ED. PINAUD'S EAU DE QUININE HAIR TONIC
has done for Miss Cahill, what it has done for such others among
the elite of the social and professional world as the Princess of
Wales, Sarah Bernhardt, Anna Held, Mme. Calve and a host of
others, IT WILL DO FOR ANY ONE. Promote its growth
and enhance the beauty of your hair by a systematic use of this
celebrated tonic. Every woman to whom nature has been un-
kind can add immeasurably to the lustre and luxuriance of her
tresses by a constant application of ED. PINAUD'S EAU DE
QUININE. Stops falling hair and cures dandruff. It is daily
receiving the enthusiastic endorsement of thousands, and a trial
will place you among the constantly increasing list.
Your druggist carries it. Buy a bottle to-day, or if you
would test its merits before purchasing, send 8c for a trial bottle
of ED. PINAUD'S. EAU DE QUININE HAIR TONIC, to-
gether with a small bottle of our latest creation in perfumes,
which will be mailed to you prepaid. This offer is made to in-
duce you to use ED. PINAUD'S EAU DE QUININE HAIR
TONIC. It should be on every woman's dressing table. If it is
not on yours, your hair is not receiving the attention it deserves.
THERE IS NQ HAIR TONIC WHICH APPROACHES
IN EXCELLENCE OR EFFECTIVENESS ED. PIXAUD'S
EAU DE QUININE. Send ati 1
once for a trial bottle and con- We twe the largest minufao
vince vourself that this is true. In turers in the worid o/ hI S b
this way we can convince you. Srede perfumes. Our name is
_.-_ „,,.-„„,« - . Mrr . a guarantee of highest quality.
J D ' D ,ui H ,f n UD D S J mer i C u n M ° m ° e ' ~P*rfumtrte Ed. Plnaud. 18
ED. PINAUD Building 5th A*e. ana p/acc Vcod6me,-par!s.
14ih St., New York City. i IS. ~
ClOSipg Days «®^ >*&, Cl^ *! Not One Penny Added to These
Emerson Square 4O
. Checkering Upright 260
Kohler & Chase Upright 5»4O
_, W : V-* ¦••".. 1 ¦ r -v i tt t t-»- -a 1 • "j ' i » \?" : Iverson Upright. - new ........... 13O
If you could have looked in upon our stock of ]\ew and used Pianos two weeks ago and could have Rr,t>t Fay upright ico
seen the two big shipments of new pianos since received you would have said it would be impossible for us stSnw '.'.'.'.'/.'.'.'.'. ~so
to anywhere near close this stock down in three weeks so we could get it all on our. floors, but by the end Bradbury Square 25
of this week we will have done it. We were certainly in a tight box; we simply had to reduce our stock KnabS^quIr?. 1 *. .T.T. '.'.'.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'.'. *to
about one-third. We knew there was but one way to do it— cut prices to the lowest possible notch, and that Koh^r&Ch^uprilhV ! '. '. '. '. '. '. '.'. 23R
is what we did do and shall continue to do all of this week. We aje not .out of trouble yet; we have not floor "Weston Upright, new 12,"
space yet for all of our stock, and so we shall continue with these reduced prices this week. We are sure that iverson Upright, new 145-
by that time our stock will be so reduced that we can accommodate it— certainly it will be if we are to judge - . „, , I , __ , . ~" "
this week's sales by those of last week. Don't Waft. Don't Delay. It's Just
' as Easy and a Great Deal Better
r Kohler & Co. Upright 1OO
Some of the greatest bargains yet remain— some of the best values — upward of a dozen different makes. Probably there Hoffman Upright, new lOO
are yet in this stock fifty absolutely new pianos reduced in price $50 to $150. Many of them are sample instruments, the very Crown Upright 17O
cream of some of the. best piano-makers, newest and latest designs, beautiful cases. Several different makes of pianos will be Hoffman Upright new "7.7.7. '.'.'.'.'. 18R
discontinued from our stock; they are brand-new instruments, but they are plainly marked to go this week at such prices as. Decker & Bros. Square SP»
$140, $145, $150 to $160 and $175. Splendid bargains in use'd pianos, practical worth of many of them is unimpaired, but Knabe Upright, new f>25
they will go this week-$8o, $100, $120 to $150 and up. wSr^sSST^ "!T. .ww 1 :::::: 3 o8
' • Wing & Son Upright 13O
. / W-^i: J Hobart M. Cable Upright I5ir>
Store Will Not Be Open Evenings, But Special Appointments Will Be Made With Those Keiier & co. upright 175
r __— .— V_ .. v — . . . «« ¦*¦¦-» "- Albrecht Upright 2f>.»
Who Cannot Call During the Day. Biasius upright 370
• - .- i ...... ;.:.¦; .-•¦ r : . C. R. Hall Square SO
. Kohler & Chase Upright 2CO
' ¦ . * Hoffman Upright ISO
£j!gl €59 C2S && €tS Weston Upright 1 J*O
We Allow Privilege o! Exchange
The Largest Music House on the Coast COI\ POSt* fllld KeflmV StS. on *** Pizmo ta Our SlocKThe proposed tracks will number
twenty-seven and will be used for the
purpose of a freight receiving, classi
fication and dispatching yard. The
full description of the tracks follows:
1. A single, double or quadruple
track commencing at a point or points
In the right of way of the railroad of
the Southern Pacific Company, about
1120 feet north of Visitacion avenue,
aad running thence in a southerly di
rection, into and across the yards of
the Southern Pacific Company, cross-
Ing Visitacion avenue, between Hart
and Hoffmann streets, to the south
boundary line of the city and county
of San Francisco, between Evatt
and Hoffmann streets.
2. Beginning at points on and
connecting with above first described
track, north of Visitacion avenue, and
running thence in a southerly direc
tion, into and across said yards and
property of the Southern Pacific
Company, crossing said Visitacion ave
nue, between Hart and Hoffmann
streets, with five or more tracks, and
Evatt street, between Visitacion and
Sunnydale avenues, with line tracks to
the south boundary line of the city
of Ban Francisco.
8. Beginning at points on and con
necting with > above first described
At to-morrow's meeting of the
Board of Supervisors the ordinance
granting a franchise to tha Southern
Pacific Company to construct side,
spur, terminal and connecting* tracks
In connection with the proposed bay
shore cut-off line will be finally passed
and will go to the Mayor for his sig
nature. The corporation will then be
ready to begin actual work on the
line, the Board of Public Works hav
ing granted It a permit to tear up the
streets to carry out the work, which
will be begun without loss of time.
Actual Work on Cut-Off of
Southern Pacific Company
Will Soon Be Commenced
NEW RECEIVING YARD
Ordinance Granting Track
Privileges for the Bay
Shore Eoute to Be Passed
WILL SHORTEN
LINE TO SOUTH
Fall hats. 1904.' Just arrived,. nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co., oyp.Palace.*
Frank Lane, a stableman, was
treated at the . Emergency Hospital
yesterday afternoon for a\number of
lacerated wounds on the head and
face. Lane said he had been out for
a time with a party of friends when
a Quarrel arose over union matters
and fists were freely, used. He did not
give the names of his assailants. „
Stableman Badly Beaten.
F. E. Dudley has filed suit against
Grace L. Neergaard to recover $1500
and secure the return of two notes,
one for $1000,' the other for $500. He
says he gave the notes to the defend
ant for a half interest in a derma
tological Institution at 242, Post street
The plaintiff alleges that he was de
ceived as to the profits of the busi
ness.
Says He Was Deceived.
Inspiring Sights Witnessed by Visitors.
One nets the thrill of actual trar at the
great army camp. The maneuver* are strik
ing and brilliant and show the uninitiated how
armies operate and how battles are lost and
* Round trio tickets to Paso RoWw sold .by
Southern Pacific agents at pne and one-third
tare rate. Several special trains, besides
regular trains. Insure good serrlce. At Hotel
El Paso de Robles, headquarters for camp
visitors, a garage 13 provided for Private auto
mobiles and automobile *erv!ce will be main
tained between Paso Robles and the camp.
Round trip by rail between Paso Robles and
ramo station 50 cents. Ask for folder and
dcSils et Southern Pacific office. 613 Mar
ket street.
CAMP ATASCADERO.
Ladles, Don't Be Misled.
Baron's Cloak and Suit House has re
moved to 115 Geary st^ next to Gump's
Tailor-made suits a specialty. Your
credit is good. •
A Cane for Every One
On the evening of the . last Satur
day In August Mission Rebekah Lodge
of the L O. O. F. will give a cane party
in ita lodgeroom in Excelsior Hall and
on that occasion every person entering
the hall will be presented with a cane
as a souvenir of the occasion.
Good prtntlnr makes oar dull aemaoa hum.
Edward Knowles CO.. 24 Second Bt •
The dally mileage of th«# trains of
this country is 2,750,000.
Refuses to Reverse the First Rul
ing in Two Counties of
the State.
The Supreme Court handed down
two decisions yesterday, in which it
upheld the lower courts In two coun
ties of the State. The first Judgment
was entered against the Chapea Water
Company of Los Angeles. The com
pany claimed that Alfred B. Chapman
of Los Angeles owed the corporation
for a water supply for a five-acre tract
or its equivalent in money, amounting
to J2581. The lower court in Los An
geles decided against the plaintiff and
this decision was confirmed by the Su
preme Court.
The town of Susanville, Lassen
County, was given a verdict of $50
against Thomas H. Long, due on a
liquor license. Long appealed to the
Supreme Court and lost.
Frank C. Jordan, clerk of the
court, and Isadora Erb, deptuy, are
away on a three weeks* vacation in
Llendocino County.
B.F.StoIl, dentist; Haigrht & Masonic av. a
To Mortgage Property.
The Superior Court yesterday grant
ed permission to the California Bible
Bc-dety to mortgage its property on
HcAllIster street, near Hyde, for
160,000 at 6 per cent. The proceed
ing is a formality made necessary to
renew an Indebtedness of the sum
named.
The army transport Buford left
Seattle, Wash., August 12, en route to
San Francisco from Alaska, and will
arrive to-morrow. The transport car
ries Company I of the Thirteenth In
fantry, -which has been doing garrison
duty in the Northwest. Upon arrival
the company will report to the depart
ment commander and will be assigned
to garrison duty at Fort McDowell.
Major Frank E. Hobbs, ordnance
department, Benida Arsenal, will
make an Inspection of the material at
the fort He will return' shortly to the
arsenal.
Returns to Fort McDowell After
Long Garrison Duty
in Alneirn
ill - AtuOJia*
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS
LOWER TRIBUNAL DECISIONS
COMPANY I ARRIVES
TO-MORROW ON BTTFORD
Attorneys Henry W. Dinkelsplel and
Henry C. Schaertzer. who were San
Francisco's delegates to the annual
convention of tha Commercial Law
League of America held recently In
West Baden, Ind., and who were"re
sponsible for the selection by the
league of Del Monte for Its next meet
ing place, have returned. In discuss
ing the next convention Attorney
Dlnkelspiel said yesterday that In all
probability between 800 and 1000
delegates would come to California
and among them will be a number of
the more prominent lawyers of the
Eastern States. The convention will
be held July, 1905. Special arran&e
menta will be made by the local bar
association for entertaining the vis
itors at Del Monte and .durinr their
stay in this city.
in July. Xext Year.
Lcajrue to Gather at Del Monte
ilembers of the
MANY IiAWYERS WTLIi
COME FROM THE EAST
track, north of Visitacion avenue, and
running thence in a southerly direc
tion into and across aforesaid yards
and property of the Southern Pacific
Company,- crossing Visitacion avenue,
between Hart and Hoffmann streets,
with five- or more tracks; Evatt street,
between Visitacion and Sunndyale ave
nues, with four tracks; Hart street,
between Visitacion and Sunnydale ave
nues, with not more than nine tracks,
and Sunnydale avenue, between San
Bruno road and Evatt street, with, not
more than twenty-seven tracks, to the
south boundary line of th« city of San
Francisco.
Mrs. Kate Link declared she did not
endeavor to . decapitate her husband,
Frederick, with the household ax until
he hurled a teacup at her head, and
that if she had not feared that he might
cast a heavier missile with more ac
curate aim at the same target she cer
tainly would not have wielded the
hatchet as she did. Mr. Link, on the
other hand, testified that his 'Kate's
temper was more than a mortal; saint
could endure, and that when he threw
the teacup he did not try to hit or in
jure her head, but merely attempted to
Intimidate her into belief that he was In
desperate mood, ergo an unsafe person
to "nag."
Residents of the 600 block of Howard
street— the Links' occupy 630— said, how
ever, that, the peace of the -vicinage
would be vastly Improved - if . both Kate
and;Frederick were placed under police
restraint, as it was their wont to drink
to,excess and while inebriated .to fight
in a way that not only threatened to
terminate in the ¦ murder, of one by the
I Miss Collins' protestation of Innocence
; was unnecessary, however, as Mr.,Snow
! informed the court that after filing his
. complaint against the woman he found
In one of his vest pockets the double
eagle he had accused her of stealing.
He was passing the door of her dwell
ing in Plnckney alley, he si&V£d/ when
she accosted him and he stopped' to
speak to her. While conversing she
suddenly snatched his purse, which he
then believed contained $45, and when
she returned It he counted the contents
and finding only $25 concluded that she
had abstracted a $20 gold piece. So he
had her arrested, and after she was
placed in Jail he found the $20 In a vest
pocket, where he then remembered hav
ing placed it before he met her.
"The woman Is discharged, of
course," said the Judge, "and you, sir,
must appear in this court Monday and
explain more fully and satisfactorily
your conduct in having her arrested."
Mr. Snow's face instantly became a
study in gloom. s Miss Collins grinned in
triumph until her countenance consist
ed of little else than mouth, her tooth
embellishment glinting like a helio
graph in active service.
"It's mah puppus," she confidentially
informed Clerk Jack Rice, "to hev dat
yah poah spec-men of white trash kim
pelled to pay damages foah mah false
incahceration." ¦¦";-;
Never did nature bestow upon woman
a complexion more deeply sable or teeth
more intensely white than Miss Flora
Collins displayed as she stood before
Judge Conlan and indignantly denied
that she had stolen $20 from W. Snow
of 622 Post street. The striking effect
of her dental equipment was enhanced
by a first- water brilliant set In one of
the upper incisors, the gem flashing
and glittering as if It were a firefly.
And her apparel was on a par of opu
| lence with the diamond.
As contestants Mrs. Margaret Ad
ams, petite and business-like, and
Mrs. Georgie Bosworth, statuesque
and diffident, entered Judge Cabaniss/
j courtroom and as friends they left it
i Is it necessary to say that the concil
iation was effected by his Honor,
whose good offices are ever at the ser
vice of lltlgous femininity?
It was a search warrant case, Mrs.
Adams, who keeps a lodging-house at
29 Eddy street, having detained the
trunks of Mrs. Bosworth because that
woman refused to pay about $30 rent
al due for an apartment occupied by
herself and her mother. Incidentally
it was disclosed that neither Mrs. Bos
worth, then a bride-to-be, nor her
maternal relative had actually en
gaged the room, but occupied it In ac
cordance with the desire of the young
er woman's fiance, George E. Bos
worth, who lived in the same house
and to have his betrothed near
him while they were perfecting ar
rangements for the wedding, which
took place after $30 worth of occu
pancy had been consumed. It was for
non-payment of this sum that Mrs.
Adams seized Mrs. Bosworth's bag
gage.
After this explanation had been
made to the court there came the ad
ditional and even more startling one
that Mr. Boeworth turned out to be
what Mrs. Bosworth's mother termed
"a bad egg." About a month after his
marriage he suddenly and mysterious
ly disappeared and then his bride dis
covered that he had cruelly' deceived
her. Instead of the opulent mining
man he represented himself to be
when he won her maiden heart, he
was, she said, a professional obtainer
of money and chattels under false pre
tense. With a fictitious check he had
paid the clergyman who married him;
he % had borrowed and pawned his
bride's gold watch and chain; he had
swindled her mother out of consider
able money and he had left Mrs. Ad
ams to whistle for a month's rental of
her bridal suite.
With such light to guide him, his
Honor advised Mrs. Adams to restore
Mrs. Bosworth's trunks. "For," quoth
the court to Mrs. Adams, "you can
better afford to stand tha loss" of $30
than can Mrs. Bosworth to be de
prived of her spare wardrobe. Be
sides, the man who betrayed her con
fidence also betrayed yours, Mrs. Ad
ams, and I see no reason why you two
should not put your heads together
and resolve to have vengeance on the
heartless fellow who deceived both of
you."
The ladles then retired to the cor
ridor and went Into executive session
and when they re-entered the court
room their relationship was that of
sisters In a common cause. Mrs. Ad
ams swore to a complaint accusing
Mr. Bosworth of defrauding an inn
keeper, Mrs. Bosworth declared her
intention of prosecuting him for any
offense the Judge might specify, and
Mrs. Bosworth's mother announced
that she was ready to invest her last
penny in having him pursued to the
ends of the earth and brought back
to face his victims.
The police, it may*be added, believe
the proverbial needle in the haystack
would be less difficult to find than
Mr. Bosworth, who has had ample
time to get far away from California
and bury his Identity.
other, but also set a bad example to the
younger married people in the j neigh
borhood, of whom there are many.
Disturbing the peace was the charge
against the Links before Judge Fritz,
and his Honor informed them that they
must either give assurance of imme
diate self-reform or go to Jail. Mrs. Link
responded by off eringto solemnly abjure
the touching, tasting or handling of in
toxicating liquors for any period the
court might see fit to suggest, provided,
of course, that "the old man," meaning
her husband, accompanied her in the
policy of renunciation. Mr. Link, who
is a boatman by profession, chimed In
with alacrity that he was ready to
swear off at any moment and for any
number of weeks, months or years.
"All right," said the Judge. "The case
is continued for ten days to give you
time and opportunity to make good
your promise to take a temperance
pledge and stick to it. By the way. it
wouldn't be a bad idea to have the
pledge with you when you come back
here." \
"We'll get It to-day," chorused Kate
and Fred, as they gratefully withdrew
from the court.
Then appeared before his Honor
Judge Fritz one Charles Meyers with a
request that Mike Barry, serving thirty
days' imprisonment for disturbing the
peace, be permitted to attend the
funeral of his father, who died yester
day morning.
"Mike has ten days more to serve,"
said Mr. Meyers, "and I, as the man
who had him arrested, ask that you let
him out of Jail long enough to see his
father buried. The boy has had a bad
time of It, for hls'mother died last Sun
day and now his father has followed
her."
The Judge gave the applicant a letter
to the Sheriff requesting the prisoner's
temporary release.
Barry Is a brother-in-law of Meyers,
who had him arrested for creating a
disturbance in the family dwelling, at
Sixth and Clara streets.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and n«Qra.t*1a,
Druggists.. 60c flask. Richard ft Co.. 406 Clay.*
Where there's a will there's apt to be
a won't and a couple of lawyers.
To Bring George E. Bosworth, Fugitive, to
Justice Is the Purpose of His Wife,
Her Mother and Another Resolute Lady
WOMEN ENTER COURT ENEMIES
AND DEPART FROM IT AS ALLIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 190 4.
34
ADVEBTIgKVfKNTS.
8RAND OPENING
tMft FiiTSf Winter
axa wooi. ffaxr-
w HTOS In all sbjulaa to
X er4«r tor 915 aad *2O
n ta4 $2S. «S7JSO aad
W f?°* . _
JvV3# liiiyortasl * SDsjttsb
por»ttl«« to wiltf (or
tNMm....|8toH0
' 9ft«ro#&t4 £rozn. •••*••••
«• ft*
Fan 6m *ui t« tmak..
Tan US mw» X9 ?• *•
9*r ant by mBhm «a
JOE POHEIM
The Tailtr
Tmpak fit and feast «f
wortaaan«hl» insssmtsU
•r-no aaU.
Ml Kntftminr Street, Ooxm* SqjX
1110 aal Ilia Marks* 8trM\
BAST T7UUK CISCO.
MS B. Byrtom Btr— t. Lo« Aatttmk.
Elgin Waltham
High Orada Watehcs aad ffawelxy ea
Small Weekly or Koathly raymtaU.
DEREMER'S
137 Montgomery St.
Room 12. Vx> stairs. Fhon* James 4M8.
Weak Hen and Women
SHOUXJ) USB D.VM1ANA BrTTERa. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; giv*s healUi and
strsmrta to aemal crrana. Depot. 823 Market.
During recent years the most active
center of railroad work has been the
Southern Golf States.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
I PRIESJJESTIFIES
REV. FATHER J. M. CASSIN,
St. Rose's Church.
SANTA ROSA. June 3. 1304-
Georc* Mayerle — Dear Sir: I received tha
Classes yesterday. I am much pleased with-
them and think your bill moderate. I inclose
tha amount, and remain yours oiscerely.
J. M. CASSIN.
IF YOU WANTPERFECT VISION
You Should Wear George
Mayerle's Glasses.
For weak or inflamed eyes use George May*
erle'a Eyewater. 50c: by mail. C2c.
To clean your glasses use George Mayfrie i
ANTISEPTIC Eyeglass Wipers. 2 for iic.
Bend P. O. order or Wella-Fargo.
A Warning " =^^§
don;t be misled
TThen wishing to consult Ceonre Mayerie. the
German Expert Optician." regarding the condi-
tion of the eyes., BE SURE you look for the
nam* '"George Mayerl*"* on door aad window
before entering.
Ye Olde English Inn, *
144 Mason st Just one trial at Jules 1 .
That's all. tSBXBBKb; *
ADyj^TISEMESTS.
Introductory Sale of
The first peep at the new fall goods and you have the ad-
vantage of a special price— about one-half the value! This
is the regular 34-inch Flannelette. The patterns are new —
the weight just right for a San Francisco fall. Aside from
the staple designs and colorings you will find rich Persian
designs. You know the many uses you will have for
Flannelette. • Take our advice and buy liberally of Ql^
this 16 2-3-yard grade for .„ ...„, .,O3 v
Important Sale of $1.50 Lawn Waists, 98c
Covert Jackets \^ 1 w*
$10.00 and $12.50 assort-
Ct (I ¥ 771 f 71 is n^ O Hi t* II L
This sale is brought about by °^ da^ n "
a mistake on the part of the ty white
manufacturer, who shipped double /$&st$!?w&&k. a W n
the amount of our order. After ,0^^^&?^^M "W a ists
some correspondence he decided i — the
to make us an allowance — and it j M/^£ I grade
was a generous one — providing Jf^^r^©^ J that
we would keep the entire lot. |» jfe C a p t i-
We accepted, and th'e jackets go |{'j / / vat e^
on sale Uo-morrow morning. W I / our
They are made of extra fine ' -^ ' •* j
covert cloth in the fitted back / trade
style. All the seams (twenty-one) at $1.50. No use to attempt
are strapped, giving a very rich descriptions of the various
effect. The lining throughout is stv j es Thpv arp tnn nnm^r
taffeta. The workmanship is of Styles, iney are too numer-
high order. The values range ous. You are sure to find
from $10 to $12.50. The /t»r Ar something you ' like nn
sale price, to close out M.yg and you pay only. . . . VQC
quickly, will be . . W»^v j f j j yv/w
CAl p OP
¦wm Wrist Ha9*s '
f^^p^.^ Values up to $7.50 for §3.89
J^\^^^^J[ We are closing out several lines of
I C \/^^^^^rJ Wrist Bags— that means bargains according
( Jj^rfP^"'' to ie avis policy.' They are all handsome
> j^mjjj^^ bags — some in seal, some in walrus and
mz >!(^«< some in -lizard leather. All are perfectly
[m J ¦¦-- made, handsomely fitted, and just right for
* Jia style. The regular prices ranged /[»/* aa
H from $S.oo up to $7-50. The sale \\ XU
price for all will be....... v**«V/y
Standard Patterns, ior September Arc Now Ready.
It would seem on.'iooking through the pages of THE DE-
SIGNER for September that no feminine taste has been disre-
garded^ Do-not fail to -purchase a copy of the September num-
ber, TEN CENTS. ¦
¦¦¦'¦'-'¦ '.',-[ ¦¦¦¦•' ¦¦¦.•¦¦¦: ' ' '¦ .' ' ¦ ' '¦¦¦¦¦ ' /* \
cpffff£ffGp/wrafe.fi^fi^A^ysr
ADVEJlTISOIE?fTS.
2^^"^ Monday, Avjust 15. *** >>v »^ I
Latest Novelties in Ribbons, Laces,
Veilings, Trimmings and Neckwear
RIBBONS l^ACES
weave The nroner «!tvle for VALENCIENNES and IMI-
Smnery^d E3f5uS2k 2 TATION TORCHON LACES
all the new and staple colors; ha» 3™* arrived. They are all
5 inches wide. fa iete: 4 or s .Afferent widths |
of edgings., with insertion to
25C V?irH match; xso different patterns.
"* Prlcss from 35c to $4 pc of doz ids
qko d{«m tap"pt?ta OTSPAM A large assortment of BLACK
hi?h lusteV in fortv JSfiSSll' SPANGLED GODET LACES.
nign luster, in lorty of the lat- ¦di-.i, * n< i Mart and void
are much in demand for sash - Chantilly Jaces, new net too
and other uses; 6 inches wide.
35C Yard moderate prices.
iiSSii TRIMMINGS
1>( JCCIV W CAW We hare received a complete Hna
*^vuT»wnn o{ NEW DRESS TRIM .
All the. latest novelties in lace MINGS, in applique, Persian
stocks and band collars, in and silk effects; all kinds oi
ecru and Persian shades; also plain and fancy bands for Pall
a very large variety of chiffon and a fine collection of fancy
and Chantilly lace veils, in buttons in entirely new designs
black and fancy shades, at verv and colorings, at popular
reasonable prices. prices.
FEATHER BOAS
We have a complete stock of new Feather Boas, in black, gray,
natural and other colors, in lengths from 45 to 73 inches.
Prices From $10.50 to $35.00 Each
GLOVES
A complete variety of 1 -clasp We have a large stock of tha
Walking Gloves; saddle famous . Reynier dressed and
stitched, in all shades, at 010 " 68 : *
$L00 Pair From $.50 to $2.00 Per Pair
SPECIAL . . French Flannels
Flannelettt %J7W l7?7W'l/» M - «ale this
Gowns — In ft. y M f fl/1 t m m week 35 dif-
pink and .i^'/^VirTV ferent P at "
whlto. also ter ns of AU-
blue and 4 'I* 0 J J ~^^^^/^^ "Wool Trsaclx
[white stripe, -jm..^ IV -^ r0*^Ww^~ riaaael. sult-
wlth collar •^S&™ HA **b able for
and c u IT s tW* B Wrappers,
ecalloped and 1^ 1 ****^*^^^ Kimonas and
finished with S a o q u e s.
e m b r oldery Have always
silk. Extra ||| f n 1^1 Pn^f " old at 75o;
value. 81 ea. * *.* L ' J *** rUoliJllCCl price now.60o
adVertisejiexts.^
I As a fitting cliniix to the most successful shoe |
jj sale ever held in San Francisco, we have made I
I' still further reductions in our leading lines of |
\\ Comiva, styie and service are the watch- 1 1
'I words which have built up the high reputation of i
[j Sale Positively Closes Saturday Night, Au£. 20. |
\i Ziadies' Kid Oz^crls — Plain toe, French heels $3.00 value n !
|| IiaAies* Sid Blb'bsn Oxfords — (Gibson Ties), Cuban heels. . .$2.50 value B j
Jj Ladies' Sid Elr-cier Oxfords — Patent tip Lite Illustration No. 1 H I
!j Ladies' Patent Leather Slippers — "With' three "straps across instep :
jl $250 valu«
|($N*-3fc At $2.05'
M VV^A V<f2 Ladies' Patent Colt Button Oxfords — Plain | !
H \ —^ 7-Q toe. high military heels $3.00 value ;
i^//>j. ET\ \*Ti Ladies' Patent Colt Blucher Oxfords — Dull
M $£L \ \y\ Lsck. military he^ls $3.00 value
j! l^ftu. \ 2±. ladies' Kid Lace shoes — Plain toe, higrh mili- 3
J - «V»** 1 *fl55^^ jfg»fc lary heels S2.50 value |
u O Ladies' Kid Lace Shoes — Extension soles, kid
»V 1 *<3^^^S tip $2.50 value
K? * Ladies' ICid Lace STioes — Extension soles, pat-
EaX&W ent $2.50 value
Bj^w Ladies' Patent Leather Lace Shoes — Dull tops.
L3 f®ij\ plain toe or tips Illustration No. 3
H vffiS^BX >flk Ladies' Patent Leather Button Shoes — Dull
B vBJtqBHaSSiigq tops, plain to^. high Cuban lieels 1
3 V*gl?fftla^ "**«-\ : - S2.50 value
U lMi^tS&<=*Ttb$' Ladies" Patent Leather Lace Shoes — French
i tfP I \r£^&*^ heels, plain toe $3.00 value
\ ;/ «\%i)^§8l At $3.35 I
$¦ O / *///55?s5^ Ladies' Patent Leather Button Oxfords — High R (
N? Cj *«//Sr*^ French heels $3.00 value g i
? ff-miim-~- 'i'^*- Ladies' Patent Leather Blucher Oxfords || \
" ff^^^Sc? Illustration No. 3 U ¦
{¦ t'l&WSi-l Ladies* Patent Leather Oxfords — Plain toe. H
!ii^^^ */ high French heels $3.50 value |1
f-^'fcirjV _'/ Ladies' Kid Blucher Lace Shoes — Extension j
¦ **¦ * *^> I soles, patent tip ¦ $3.50 value a !
/'•'^T^sJi 2 Ladies' Kid Lace Shoes — Hand turned, patent ¦ |
|Li| 3 " P At "$2.65 $ "° TalU ° I
I^^^V Men's Box Calf Bluchers — "Welt soles (Illua- H
F Pir^tSSkv tration Ho. 4) S3.50 value
K Hen's Vici Kid Lace Shoes — Welt soles
I **//», Men's Tan Bussia. Calf Shoes S3.50 value
1 Of^JsaHSfiSHV Ken's Vici Kid Oxfords S3.50 valuo
I .^\\\tlun^g^iB^^g^^^ Men's Box Calf Oxfords S3.50 value
At 90c
1 P'^g^f - Men's Canvas Lace Shoes or Oxfords — Gray H
I / 'o{ ll color Kegnlarlj- $1^0 jl
jl /\ *% * At $3.65 I
I (V.'^ y^ Men's Eesilla Shoe" — (Ventilating) ||
I Sold aU over.the XT. S. at S5.00 B
1 *• . 3i!(ttt55Sfc^^*^\ Boys* and Children's School and Dress I
p v lt U^Sssr Shoes at Reduced Prices. I
j Conatry Orders JV^S^MARK^st-S^^O J
{- tilled M 1 r> rt jM wL- j~ _. j^ w
I When Possible. WOOQ^OllOGS J
V ... ___;_ ADVERTISOIEyTS. S
THE FAVORITE OF THE FASTIDIOUS '
I GRANDE; .^\TE Sj?j CUVtE
jj jf||Pen I743
1 fiPERMY^FRANCEL
KST PEOICCT OF THI CH1IPAG51-JISTRIC1. lIABKfl All ©TUBS HUPOBIAIIIM.-.EL DORADO CO3DIAXDERY.
I El Dorado Commandery No. 4*
Knights Templar, cf Flacerville. which
received a charter August 5, 1333. and
during the conclave in this city In 1SS3
attended in conjunction with the com
manderies cf Sacramento and Wood-
their race at the entertalnratst given
at the Palac- Hotel every afternoon
and evening. Mrs. Greenleaf-Kruger's
sweet mezzo-soprano tones will also be
heard on the night devoted to the visit
ing women, while the Sir Knights are
at the banquet.
Woman Takes Poison.
Mrs. Mary Manning, who resides at
114 Turk street, attempted suicide last
night by drinking creosote and turn
ing on the gas. She was discovered
and taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where restoratives were applied. She
says her husband would not give her
enough money,* so she decided to kill
herself. She will recover.
On behalf of his wife. Annie Fitz
patrick, a suit was begun yesterday
by William J. Fltzpatrick against A.
Cornte Jr.. executor of the estate of
Elizabeth W. H. Mosley for 52117 50.
The amount is claimed for services
said to have been rendered by Mrs.
Fitzpatrick ! in nursing Mrs. Moxley
for two years before the latter's death
and for board and grjods supplied. The
claim was presented to the executor
and disallowed by him.
Sues for Nursery Fee.
Georso H. Kavanagh, for many
years private secretary to John T.
Wright, a commission merchant, and
one of the best known men about
towri, died suddenly Friday at his
home in this city. He had been suf
fering from nervous disease for some
time, but a serious turn in his condi
tion had not been exoected. Deceased
was a native of San Francisco. 43
years of age, and is survived by his
widowed mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Kav
ar.agh; a brother, John F. Kavanagh,
receiving teller of the Nevada Bank!
and" two sisters, Katherine Kavanagh
and Mrs. Eugene J. Bates. The fun
eral will take place from the family
residence, 1980 Broadway, Monday.
Services xriil be held • in St. Brigid's
Church and the interment will be' at
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Sadtli- m nly Passes Away.
Gus Goltz. a recent arrival from the
north, started out to make a round
of the saloons south of Market street
Friday night. After sampling the
liquors served in severcJ resorts he
returned to his room at 3 o'clock
yesterday, and to slak* his thirst
drank from a bottle containing a weak
solution cf carbolic acid, which he
mistook r for whiskey. He quickly
realized his mistake and found a
police officer, who rushed him to the
Emergency Hospital, where a stom
ach pump was applied and the poison
removed before it had an opportunity
to work on his system.
Mistakes Poison for Whiskey.
John Quinlan. alias Qurt Burnell.
who pleaded guilty in Judge Dunne'3
court to a charge of robbery, appear
ed yesterday for sentence. Attorney
Francis Dunns made a strong plea, for
clemency, during which the defendant
burst into tears. The Judge sentenced
him to serve twelve years la Folsoni
penitentiary. Quinlan held up an
electric car of the Eddy-street line at
Lajusa street on the night of June 1 1
and took $1* 3* from John Campbell.
the conductor. He was chased and
captured by Policeman T. F. Wren.
Sarah Martin, convicted by a jury
in Judge Lawlor"s court on a charge
of grand larceny, was sentenced yes
terday to serve two years In San Quen
tin. On the night of March 20 she
stole $180 from Stephen Sadowy. a
visitor from Humboldt County.
Louis Novtnsky. convicted on ens
charge of burglary, pleaded guilty in
Judge Lawlor"s court yesterday to>
two other charges. Owing to his
youth the Judge suspended sentence
and allowed him to go on probation
on three bonds of JSOO each. Novin
sky drove around in a wagon and stole
articles from basements. Moses. Levy.
his alleged accomplice, has t*tn ac
quitted on two charges.
Woman la Sent to San Quentin for
Two Years on Cnarse of Grand
Larceny.
Clerk of Board of Equalization Re
ports Total Reduction in Val
uations of $9479,623.
Chief Clerk Edgar of the Board of
Equalization filed yesterday the fol
lowing recapitulation of reductions
made. in the assessment roll for 1904
05, frSfcding both the changes or
dered by the board and those made
by the Assessor for clerical errors In
the compilation of the reported totals:
BY THE*' EOAKD O5" EQUALIZATION.
Heal estate S3.tS5.60O
Improvements ........ 5M.733
Personal property.
$ISO,0CO; per son&l
prop erty ir.crsa jc.
STl 422 10S.77S
$4,139,113
BY ASSESSOR (Clerical Errors).
Real estate **,S73.<»>
Improvements / 47.C4O
Personal property..... :' 55^SO
T 0t2 j , J3.1T3.62G
TAL.CATIOX RETURNED BT ATJDTTOR
STATE CONTROLLER AFTER REDUC
TIONS.
Real estate *33.5dXC«5
Itaproreinenta • SB, 7*1.965
Personal property 122.S10.tCO
Total 5502,802,439
\ « » • -
Golf Tournament at Del Monte,
Remember tie anntial coif . tooraament at
Hotel D«! Monte." Aartrat 18-22, i3cluar*e. Spe
cial nrtaes and cars are offered for ciaia;toa
atUfa In various clat.in. •
When the case of George T. Bailin
ger, charged with felony embezzle
ment on complaint of William Schroe
der of the California Art Glasa "Works,
was again called In Judge Dunne's
court yesterday Assistant District At
torney. Whiting said that the matter
had been laid before" the Grand Jury.
He asked for another continuance of
a week.
"A full inquiry is proceeding
there?" asked the Judge. Whiting
replied in the affirmative. Judge
Dunne granted the continuance, to
which Colonel Barry, on behalf of the
defendant, took an exception.
Ballinger was discharged by Judge
Graham on a writ of habeas corpus
applied for on May 9. the same day
the Information was filed against Bal
lingerJ Subsequently the case was as
signed to Judge Dunne's court, and
after Ballinger's discharge on the
writ a motion was made before' Judge
Dunne to dismiss the information. He
declined to grant the motion." insinu
ating that there was something lurk-
Ing behind the application for the
writ.
Judge Dunne Grants Continuance of
a Week Against the Objection
of Defendant's Attorney.
BALLINGER CASE TAKEN
BEFORE THE GRAND JURY
COMPILES RECAPITULATION"
OF ASSESSMENT ROLL
STREETCAR ROBBER TO
SERVE TWELVE TEARS
The Clark brothers are in the ship
pins and commission business, prac
tically the same line as the firm sued.
In the complaint it is alleged that the
defendants have willfully, maliciously
and falsely circulated reports in the
business communities of this city and
California to the effect that the plain
tiffs- were irresponsible, insolvent and
unworthy of credit. It is said that
the customers of Clark & Bro. have
been told that the firm was selling
"imitation goods" and that the de
fendants have sought to compel the
banks to refuse credit to their rivals.
An action for $100,000 damages for
injury to business and credit was be
gun In the Superior Court yesterday
by Attorney *G. H. Perry for W. F.
and E. C. Clark, doing business as W.
F. Clark & Bro., against J. E. Bell and
A. D. Harrison, doing business as Cat
ton, Bell & Co. On Thursday Clark
sued the defendants in this case for
$18,000, which he alleged was due on
unpaid percentages of the profits in
the business, of which he was man
ager for ten years. The Catton-Bell
Company on the same day sued Clark
for 57600 alleged to be owing by him
for money loaned, debts paid for him
and goods purchased while he had a
running open account with the com
pany.
BIG DAMAGES DEMANDED .
FOR INJURY TO BUSINESS
4-10 a military band of forty pieces
and an orchestra of fifteen will be sta
tioned at the Mechanics' Pavilion af
ternoon and evening with the excep
tion of Tuesday, when the grand pa
rade takes place.
The programme at the pavilion will
be as follows:
Sunday afternoon, sacred service un
der the auspices of California Corn
mandery No. L orchestra, vested choir
and commandery choir; evening, sa
cred promenade concert. Monday aft
ernoon, promenade concert, orchestra
and solos; evening, military band, or
chestra and glee club. Tuesday even
ing, military band, orchestra and solos.
Wednesday (California day) afternoon,
military band and orchestra; evening,
military band, orchestra, commandery
choir and glee club. Thursday after
noon, iniltary band and orchestra;
evening, grand concert and reception,
all commandery bands, eighty pieces.
Friday afternoon, military band and
orchestra; evening, naval drill, bridge
building contests and other features,
under direction of the entertainment
committee.* Saturday afternoon, mili
tary band and orchestra; evening,
grand ball, choruses intermingled with
dancing.
Misses Ah Lon and Suey Leen Wong.
Chinese girls with sweet voices, will
sing the melodies and national songs of
Later in the day three of the mili
tia were overcome by heat. The
weather, though a triSe warm, has
been perfect. Tfce following State
troops are here: First Infantry. Col
onel T. F. O"Nea; Second Infantry,
Colonel H. L Seymour; Fifth Infantry,
Cclonel J. Hayes; Sixth Infantry, Col
onel B~ K. Whitmore; Seventh Infan
try. Colonel S. F. Finley; First Artil
lery. Mnjor H. P. Bush; Troop A. cav
alry. Captain C Jensen; Troop B,
cavalry. Captain S. H. Kay; Troop C,
cavalry, Captain C Tullee; Troop D,
Ey 6 o'clock every tent had been
pitched and the gre.it field is now a
tented city. The nen are all much
pleased with the surroundings and
with the arrangements of their camp
sites. At the depot a big number of
the Federal officers received them and
the commander of each State organi-
Jaition had a special officer by order
of General MacArthur appointed to
act as his escort to the camp and
tb,ere give him any assistance he
might req-ire in settling the arrange
ment of his camp.
Under the skillful management of
Cclontl William 45. Patten, chief quar
termaster, and Captain G. McK. Wil
liamson, assistant to the chief quar
termaster, the detraining cf this bis
mass cf troops was most successfully
accomplished. In fact the speediness
•with which the troops were handled,
and wtth their big amount of baggage
larded on the camp grounds, was on
al! sides, by Federal aa.d State oScers,
nest highly commented upon.
There were but three accidents in .all
??¦'« preat movement which in each In
stance were caused by horses. Major B.
F. Eincnds cf tbe Second Infantry. In
attempting to mount a fractious steed,
was thrown to tbe ground and had his
cellar bene dislocated. He was at ence
taken to the hospital and Is now rest
ins easily.
Cclonel John F. Hayes, Fifth Infan
try, was also bruised on the nose and
hip and his saber badly smashed by his
horse, ¦which suddenly became fright
ened at a passing band. The colonel,
however, was undaunted and rode into
camp at the head of his regiment and
Euperintended tbe settling of his troops
In their quarters.
Sergeant Frank McCarthy of Compa
ny* A. First Infantry, while standing in
the cansp near a woodpile, -was run Into
by a team cf horses and momentarily
knocked Insensible. He was slightly
bruised about the chest. His fLrat
words were, when he recovered con
sciousness: **I hope mother won't hear
o* this, as rhe would be terribly wor
ried."
. ATASCADERO, Aug. 13. — Califor
nia gallant State militia began ar
r.ving here soon after daybreak this
con±:g and ty 2 o'clock it was in
the big car=pS<?ld. with the exception
of the Sixth Infantry, which arrived
ix 5:10 o'clock.
BY FRED M. GILMORE.
To-morrow and every day thereafter
reveille will be sounded at 5 a. m.
when everybody is expected to be up
and at his sost.
The programme for to-morrow be
gins with divine service. Following
this there will be reviews of the cav
alry, artillery and Infantry. The day
will close by sacred concerts by all the
bands here. The guardmount of the
Fifteenth Infantry, which took place
at 5 o'clock to-night was witnessed by
and enjoyed by all of the militia who
could absent themselves frcni duty.
Next to tbe arrival of the militia
to-day the main excitement was the
smashing up of a whole wagon load of
liquors by orders of General Mac-
Arthur. It appears that early this
afternoon, soon after the rsllitia ar
rived, a man secretly got into camp
with a lot of whisky and was in tbe
act of selling it to the troops when the
tLTTiir was reported to General Mac-
Arthur. who immediately sent a guard
to the wagon and taking out all the
bottles smashed them. The whole af
fair wag over so quickly that tbe
crowd standing around did not know
what had happened until It was all
over. This positive stand that has been
taken by. General MacArthur will un
doubtedly pat a stop to tbe further in
troducing of liquors into the camp.
To-day has been very lively here.
Great crowds of visitors have been
here In all kinds of vehicles. Es
pecially from the surrounding towns
crowds have- ooured in.
cavalry. Captain D. Sedricks; signal
corps. First Brigade, Captain N. W.
Lovett; signal corps, Second Brigade,
Captain Emmett Jones. It is a most
excellent place for the purpose in
tended.
"When the China reached this port the
lovelorn double quartet had everything
arranged. "When the time came to land
the damsels quietly told Wong Jim,
leader of tbe flock, that matrimony
looked better to them than the exposi
tion. While Wong Jim in his rage bit
chunks out of his queue, the remainder
cf the Chinese crew chanted their ver
sion cf "Tell me, pretty maiden, are
there any more at home^ like you?"
Six cars, double-locked, guarded by
United States Inspectors and filled with
1S4 Chinese bound for the St. Louis
Fair, were attached to the overland
train that pulled out at 6:30 o'clock last
night. Tagged and numbered, the sons
of Han marched one by one from the
tug to their temporary prison. It was
evident from their appearance that the
men were of the farming class. Accom
panying the crowd were only eight of
the original number of twelve women.
The remaining four are in the Presby
terian Mission Home, where they will
await deportation to Hongkong. There
they will be married to the four pig
tailed mariners.
The Chinese in whose charge the
crowd has been during the time of
transportation to St. Louis are Wong
Jim, Da Silva and Leung Kwa. Many
local Chinese were on hand to say
good-by to their relatives who were
among the number imported to work
In the Chinese village at the fair.
The steamship Siberia will bring an
other large company of Orientals on the
same errand, among whom are a num
ber of women.
More potent than the 20,000 bow
legged dragons is the new joss, Ah Cu
pid. So thinks the manager of the Chi
nese exhibit now on the way to the St.
Louis fair.
Four beauties who were to adorn the
Chinese section of the exposition have
left him. "All on account of that bum
Joss. Ah Cupid." saj*3 the manager.
"While the liner China was steaming
westward with the human exhibits four
Chinese tars made ardent love to the
two prize beauties of the show.
SOME OF THOSE "WHO TVTLL j
TAKE PART IX ENTERTAIN
' MEXT OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAB. J
Pig - Tailed Mariners Sing
of Love to Slant -Eyed
Beauties With Success
A committee of California Com
mandery No. 1, Knights Templar, has
formulated a musical programme for
the conclave and has appointed Al
fred A. Botkln of the Masonic quartet
to take full charge. An appropriation
of $15,000 has been made by the com
mandery to secure an elaborate pro
gramme.
Throughout the week, of
3ITJSICAL PROGRA3I3IE.
The work of. festooning Market
street from the ferry to Lar
kin and along that " street to
Grove with electric light bulbs
is almost half completed. These
little swinging lamps strung across
the streets at short intervals will,
when aglow, make these thorough
fares blaze in dazzling light. Tae
chief feature is the great cluster of
lamps suspended over Market street
near- the line of Third and Kearay.
This centerpiece, which bears the
cross and crown of the Knight3 Tem
plar and is surrounded by the motto,
"In Hoc Sisno Vinces," will be in col
ored electric lights and from this will
depend long garlands of light, so_as
to form a bower. At various points
along the line there will be emblems
of the order of Knights Templar and
prominent amons the decorations will
be the symbol of the order of the Red
Cross, the order of the Temple and
the order of Malta, which are the
three degrees known on the Masonic
chart as the eleventh, twelfth and
thirteenth degrees of the York rite.
Every member of California Com
mandery No. 1 Is looking for a black
horse for the grand parade. -More
than 500 such animals will be re
quired. Those who have black horses
are modestly demanding $20 for the
use of sueh an animal for that day
and those who have saddles and blan
kets are willing to rent them, for $S
each.
Pacific Comrnandsry No. 3 of Sonora
will make an exhibit of the natural re
sources of Tuolumne County. The ex
hibit will be Installed in the dining
room cf the Lick House and will In
clude mineral and agricultural speci
mens. The commandery will leave So
nora Sunday morning. September 4.
and arrive In San Francisco the same
afternoon. Beginning Tuesday morning
and continuing through the week the
commandery. assisted by the commit -
tee of ladies, will kaep open house and
will entertain as only mountaineers cf
the Western mining districts can.
"WatsonvUle Commandery No. — has
Just completed a contract for the con
struction of its headejuarters in the Me
chanics' Pavilion, where the command
ery will entertain during conclave week
and dispense strawberries and cream.
for which Watscnville and its vicinity
are famous.
TUOLUMXETS RESOURCES.
land and had headquarters en Mission
street, near Third, will came to San
Francisco on its own account. It will
occupy quarters on the Larkin street
and of the Mechanics" Pavilion gallery,
a very large space having been reserved
for it. Decorators have been engaged
to make the place attractive as possi
ble. The members of the commandery
are determined that they will have mu
sic all the time, and to that end have
secured the services of the local brass
band. At Its headcicartera the com
mandery will install a distribution bu
reau, from which will be given to
strangers several thousand souvenir
bottles of California wines and a tots
or two of fruit and other products of
El Dorado and nea»by counties.
The name of the senior past com
mander of the State. Frederick R-
Barss, la on the roster of El Dorado
Commandery. The principal offcers at
this time are: Captain Charles A. Swls
ler, commander; Stephen H. Rantz,
generalissimo: Stephen B. WEson. cap
tain of the guard, and C. H. Weather
waz, recorder.
CHINESE CUPID
IS ON STEAMER
two views or military" MOVE
MENTS ON" THE FIELD AT CAMP
ATASCADERO.
The Judge said he was more con
cerned about the child than the dig
nity of the court He issued an at
tachment against Hyman. The case
was continued for three weeks and if
the child Is found In the meantima
she Is to be given into the custody ef
Mrs. Freitas, pending Judge Dunne's
final decision.
"Sensational statements were made I
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday re
garding the disappearance of "Wini
fred Le Febvre, a pretty girl 7 years
of age. It was alleged that David
Hyman, a Jeweler at 1059 Market
street, who lived at 945 Post street,
had left the jurisdiction of the court,
taking . the child with him. It was
also alleged that Mrs. F. Ramon of
Berkeley, Hyman's mother-in-law, had
made a proposition to Mrs. Grace E.
Freitas, the child's mother, that for
the payment of $3000 the contest for
the possession of the child would be
dropped.
Mrs. Freitas Is now the wife of a
Stockton druggist. Her daughter was
born at Clipper Gap, • Placer County,
in February, 1S97. The woman al
leges that her mother, without her
consent, gave the the child to the Rev.
J. W. Daniels, assistant superintend
ent of the Children's Home Finding
Society of Oakland. The child was
formally adopted by Hyman in Octo
ber of that year and was named Fern
Beatrice Hyman.
Hyman and his wife became de
votedly attached to the child- Mrs.
Hyman died. He again married, but
his second wife, »t Is alleged, had no
love for the child. Meanwhile Mrs.
Freitas had unsuccessfully searched
for her daughter and it was not until
last April that she traced her to the
Hyman home. A demand for the re
turn of the girl was made upon Hy
man by. Mrs. Freitas, but Hyman re
fused to give up possession. An ap
plication for a writ of habeas corpus
was made by Mrs. Freitas before
Judge Dunne and a hearing was had
before the Judge on May 24.
The Judge was to haye rendered his
decision a v.-eek ago yesterday, but
Hyman was not in court with the girl.
Attorney Lindsay, who represented
hinvJMiid that Hyman had left the
' jurisdiction of the court. He asked
for a continuance for a week and
promised to have Hyman and the
child in court at thattime. He had to
admit yesterday that he could find no
trace of Hyman or the little girl.
Attorney Charles Light of Stockton,
; who represents Mrs. Freitas, produced
a letter written by Mrs. Ramo.n to Mrs.
Freitas In the latter part of July, ask
ing to see her about "the little one."
Mrs. Freidas called with a friend, but
Mrs. Ramon refused to talk before the
| friend and Mrs. Freitas went into an
I adjoining room with Mrs. Ramon. It
j was then that Mrs. Ramon, it is al
leged, offered to give up the child on
payment of $3000. She said she was
making the offer without Hyman's
knowledge and that Judge Dunne had
said he would award the custody of
the child to Hyman. The offer was
refused. Attorney Light also declared
that Edward Meyer, a friend of Hy
man, had told him Hyman was at one
time wealthy and had spent consider
able money on the. child. Now he
needed money and a little would go a
long way and do a great deal of good.
Meyer had been informed that the
! child was not to be bartered like a
j bale of goods.
Charge Is Made That Coin
Was Demanded for Giving
Up the Contest in. Court
GIEL LEAVES WITH HDI
Preparations for the great gather
ing of the twenty-ninth triennial con
clave of Knights Templar are going
rapidly forward. Already the sign of
the order may be seen an earnest of
the knightly host that will come, not
with the horrent arms of the mailed
crusaders, but with the boughs of
peace. The city will gleam in the
glory of silver'and of gold — the gleam
of the treasure in the everlasting hills
by the western sea — and in the colors
of the warriors of the temple.
Judge Dunne Issnes an At
tachment Against David
Hyman, Who Has Left City
Cross and Crown and the Grand Conquering Sign of Old Crusader
Will Glow in Dazzling Lights of Many Colors.
General MacArthur Delegates Officers to Escort Each Militia-Organ
ization to Its Quarters in the Tented City.
ADOPTED CHILD
SPIRITED AWAY
CALIFORNIA BOYS ARRIVE AT CAMP
ATASCADERO AND PITCH THEIR TENTS
SAN FRANCISCO PREPARES TO GREET
GREAT HOST OF KNIGHTLY VISITORS
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904.
Pages 35 to 48
Pages 35 to 48
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Best things to eat and
drink at Jules*, • -The French consul at Dublin Informs
his countrymen that motor cars and
motor cycles are wanted in Ireland, the
annual minimum expenditure in this
trade reaching $300,000 in Dublin and
Belfast, alone.
Japanese Drugstore Stock.
According to the Chemist and Drug
gist the native, drug stores in. Japan
are still largely stocked with dried
snakes, toads, lizards,' crabs, etc., infu
sions of which are the, popular house
hold remedies throughout the country.
Various "secret remedies." which, are
supposed to be as- universal and potent
in their curative effects as many of our
Western patent medicines, also abound.
Magic plasters are much in vogue and
massage is largely practiced, the oper
ators being chiefly blind people. Face
paints and powders | may also be seen
on the Bhelves. " .
A marriage license gives a man a
legal right to He to one woman.
R. H. E.
Cleveland 7 10 1
Philadelphia ..2 11 3
- Batteries— Donahue and Buelow; Ben
der.* Plank and. Powers.
New York... 3 ' 6 3
Batteries— White and Sullivan; Ches
bro arid McGulre.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 13.— Cleveland
knocked Plank out of the box in the
third. Attendance 5300. Score:
Washington 2 6 1
Detroit 1 5 0
Batteries— Patten, Kittredge and
Clark; Mullln and Beville.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— To-day's game
was called at the end or" the fifth inning
on 'account of rain. Attendance 25.000.
Batteries — Wolfe and Kittredge; Don
ovan and Beville.
-Second game- R. H. E.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 13.— Glade allowed
the champions only five hits. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 8 1
Boston 1 .5 2
Batteries— Glade and Kahoe; Young
and Criger.
DETROIT, Aug. 13.— Detroit lost the
second game of a double-header to
Washington. Stahl was retired with a
badly split hand In the eighth inning of
the second game. Attendance 6000.
Score:
First game— R. H. E.
Washington ..2 4 1
Detroit I..4 8 2
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
R. H. E.
Boston 1 4 2
Pittsburg 0 5 1
Batteries — Wilhelm and Moran; Case
and Phelps. Umpire — Moran.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 13.— Although St.
Louis outbatted and outflelded Brook
lyn to-day the locals won.- Attendance
3000. Score:
R.- H. E.
Brooklyn 3 g * 4
St. Louis : ;...l 7 3
Batteries— Garvin and Ritter; McFar
land and Grady. Umpire— Johnstone.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 13.— The. lo
cals a'nd Chicago split even in a double
header, each t'am suffering a shutout.
Attendance 7000. Score:
First gair.t— n. H. E.
Chicago r> 9 3
Philadelphia : .O 6 4
Batte'ir*— Wp'.rrer and Kling: Corri
gon r.iul TV<in. Umpire— Zlmmer.
Fcpc n:' '.can-io— R. H. E.
Chicago 0 8 2
Philadelphia 4 13 0
Catteries— Driggs and O'Neill; Sparkj,
and Dooln. Umpire — Zimmer.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— Cincinnati
scored another victory over New York
to-day in a close and exciting game.
Attendance 24,600. Score:
Cincinnati 5* \
New York l 9 3
Batteries— Hahn. Harper and Schlei;
Taylor, Warner and Bctwerman. Um
pire— Emslle,
BOSTON, Aug. 13.— Moran'a two-base
hit, Wilhelm's sacrifice and Geler*s safe
drive in the sixth 'gave Boston the only
run. Attendance 3200. Score:
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) (American League.)
W. L. Pet. . . W. L. Pet.
New York. ..69 27 .710 Chicago ....60 39 .(506
Chicago 60 87 .620 Boston 58 39.598
Plttsburg ...66 39 .589 New York... 66 3S .500
Cincinnati ..69 42 .6S4 Philadelphia. f.t 40 .574
St. Louis ...60 49 .505 Cleveland ..51 42 .649
Boston 88 63 .376 Detroit 41 65 .427
Brooklyn ...34 65 .343 St. Louis ...37 53 .411
Philadelphia. 27 71 .276 Washington. .22 72 .234
GLADE HOLDS BOSTON DOWN TO FIVE HITS
WHILE CLEVELAND LANDS HARD ON PLANK
TACOMA, Aug. 13.— By listless play
ing in the early innings Tacoma gave
the game to-day to the visitors. After
finding themselves behind the cham
pions tried to catch up, but were un
able, Iberg being effective. St. Vrain
also did some good work in tight
pinches. Singles by Beck and Castro
and Sheehan's error, giving Thlelman
a life, in the second, were followed- by
Steelman's hit, bringing in three.
Thielman scored in the fourth on a
pass, a sacrifice hit and Steelman's
single. In the fifth Beck got a safe
one, advanced en Castro's pass and
scored on Nadeau's hit. Spencer's dou
ble and Drennan's single gave the vis
itors their last run.
Iberg held Tacoma safe until the
fourth, when Sheehan singled and Nor
dyke was hit, the former scoring on in
iield outs. McLaughlin doubled in the
fifth, advanced on an out and scored
on Hurley's error. Casey drew a pass
in the seventh, took third on McLaugh
lin's safe one, scoring on an out. Lynch
singled in the eighth, advanced on
Casey's pass and was brought home by
McLaughlin's third hit. Tacoma should
have scored in the second, but the
chance was cut off by slovenly . base
running. Score:
Tacoma — ' Portland—
AB. R. II. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
t>oyle,rf 5 0 11 0 iRpncr,2b 4 113 3
Shehn,3b 5 1112 Hurly.lb 6 0 0 9 1
Nrdke.cf 3 0 12 0 Dnnan.cf 5 0 2 10
Kagan.ss 40113 Beck. 3b 4 2 2 1 S
Lynch.lb 4 110 1 Cstro, ss 4 12 6 3
Casey,2b 2 10 3 3 Thlmn.rf 3 2 0 2 1
McLn, If 4 1 3 1 1 Nadu, If 4 0 2 4 0
Hogan, c 4 0 0 0 1 Stlman.c 4 0 2 11
St.Vn, p 3 0 0 0 0 Iberg, p 4 0 10 0
•Thomas 1000C
Totals.37 6 12 27 14
Totals.35 4 S 27 11
•Batted for St. Vrain In the ninth.
¦!:¦ ¦.;.{ RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 0 3 0 1 1 10 0 O— 6
I Base hits 0 3 112 2 11 1—12
Tacoma 0 00110, 110— 4
Base hits 0 1' 0 1112 2 0—8
SUMMARY.
Errors — Sheehan 2, Nordyke, Hogan, St.
Vrain. Spencer, Hurley, Thielman. Struck
out— By St. Vrain 8, by Iberg 1. Bases on
balls— By St. Vrain «t. by Iberg 2. Hit by
pitcher— By Iberg. Two-base hits—McLaugh
lin, Spencer. Sacrifice hits — Spencer, Nadeau.
Double play— Castro to Hurley. Left on bases —
Portland 12, Tacoma 7. Time of game — Two
hours and five minutes. Umpires — Brown and
McDonald. ' "
Brownies Take Advantage of Their
Weakness and Score Many Runs.
TIGERS SLOW AND LISTLESS.
Fielding Averages.
Butler 10 15 .400
Hastings 1 2 .333
Knell 8 i T .320
Yerkes 7 is .304
Cooper 3 7 .300
Pruhot 1 10 .001
¦ RIGHT FIELDERS.
PLATER. I PO. 1 A. E. Pet.
Meany 170 14 ~ .963
McCreedie 150 20 12 .934
Doyle S3 « 7 .027
Cravath 1S5 20 17 .9-'5
Harm! van 53 5 5 .921
C. Smith 151 15 17 .912
Ganley 167 21 20 .904
CENTER FIELDERS.
Kruger 170 13 7 .963
Dunleavy 70 13 4 .954
Lynch 194 20 12 .947
Bernard ;«2 20 12 .946
Van Haltren .., -. 247 30 1« .945
Whldron 20!) 14 18 .938
Drennan 202 15 17 .927
LEFT FIELDERS.
Hl'.debrand 182 21* 9 .953
Ross ISO 12 10 .950
Kruger 76 5 5 .942
McLaughlin 179 16 13 .903
Nadeau 201 19 15 .Wi*
T. Streib 39 3 3 .9:J3
Fr'.sk 176 20 19 .912
FIRST BASEMEN.
Massey 70O 35 » .0S8
Streib 1005 43 18 -98J
Ilogan 89 10 2 .980
Townsend 380 29 8 .978
Blankenshlp 235 19 6 .977
Nordyke ... 1037 63 28 .075
Steelman 69 5 2 .974
Ctise 978 53 27 .974
Freeman 350 34 11 .972
Beck 439 28 22 .955
Brashear , 678 72 35 .955
Murphy 139 . 3 10 .042
SECOND BASEMEN.
Miller «. 72 101 5 .072
Casey 283 315 30 .952
Ethlafley 227 273 37 .948
Mohler 306 336 40 .911
Flood 245 320 38 .937
Beck 134 157 22 .930
Ileltx 61 124 17 .916
Cantro 78 75 15 .910
Anderson 101 103 24 .M)7
Spencer 41 21 8 .8'JO
Raymond 1 4 1 .833
THIRD BASEMEN.
Lynch 15 13 1 .970
Raymond 15 18 2 .939
Irwln 146 191 24 .934
Sbeehan » 1«55 212 28 .931
Jud Smith 130 205 27 .925
Steehnan 22 27 5 .907
Devereaux 12S 223 37 .906
Campbell 18 24 5 .801
Hlldebrand' 22 22 6 .880
Dolchanty 137 146 46 .8«O
Wheeler 13 18 7 .816
' '¦ . ¦ SHORTSTOPS.
Nordyke 7 7 1 .903
Toman 168 298 35 .!i::o
Schmeer ....... 67 87 12 .1CJ
Miller. 93 121 19 .920
Francks 223 230 43 .013
Eagan 173 319 47 .913
McKune 13 17 3 .903
Arderson 121. 123 25 .907
Raymond .... 82 106 27 .874
Russ Hal] 254 312 64 .898
Castro 91 136 40 .852
Fraticis 52 781 23 .850
CATCHERS.
Lawls 14 8 .. 100O
Eagar 133 2S 3 .981
C. Graham 503 122 13 .980
Spies 438 96 15 .973
Byrnes ." 274 69 11 .969
Hogan 117 40 S .969
Leahy 220 94 11 .966
Wilson 317 95 15 .063
Gorton 136 43 7 .962
Shea 236 62 14 .958
Lohman UO 49 10 .956
Boettlger 02 34 6 .953
B'ackenshlp 215 61 17 .94O
Steelman 251 93 24 .936
PITCHERS.
Hughes 21 67 2 .978
Wheeler 2 37 1 .975
Keefe 11 63 2 .974
Yerkes 9 60 2 .967
Baum 9 49 2 .967
Thielman 13 '58 3 .9*JO
Cocpep 2 42 2 .957
Iberg 6 81 4 .956
Roach 9 32 2 .953
Thomas .'-? 61 3 .952
O. Graham 9 69 4 .951
Jones 11 77 5 .946
Shields 19 47 4 .943
Williams 30 88 8 .937
Schmidt 12 72 6 .933
Barber 10 52 5 .931
Mosklman 16 51 6 .918
Whalen 19 80 7 .915
Overall 7 86 9 .911
W. Hall 2 47 5 .907
Fitzgerald 2 6 1 .S89
C. Hall 12 41 7 .8S5
Buchanan 5 65 8 .882
Knell 12 64 13 .881
Newton 11 69 11 .879
Gray- 6 55 » .868
Butler 4 72 12 .864
Hastings « 1 .857
St. Vrain 6 60 12 .848
Druhot 4 32 6 .834
Batting Averages.
F~iTi
a ? :
p . .
anio onv snvM f • •
Frisk. Seattle 411 151 .367
O. Graham, Oakland 130 47 .358
Mohler, Seattle 414 137 .331
Nordyke. Tacoma 401 131 .327
Sheehan. Tacoma •. .. . :iS3 123 .321
Eagan. Tacoma 305 125 .318
C. Smith, SMttl« 430 135.310
Schlatley. Oakland 395 122 .3C9
Delehanty. | Seattle 411 126 .307
Hildebrand, San Francisco 411 126 .307
McCreedie. Portland 338 121.304
Beck. Portland .' 401121.302
Wilson, Seattle 236 71.301
Campbell. Portland 30 9 .300
Yerkea. San Francisco 80 24 .300
Blankenship, Seattle 284 S5 .203
Waldron. San Francisco 459 137 .203
Ganley. Oakland 481 136 .205
Thomas, Tacoma 85 25 .294
Brashear. Seattle-Los Angeles..;. 340 102 .2W>
Mosktman. Oakland 248 72 .290
Hughes, Seattle 80 23 .2SS
Meany San Francisco 437 126 .2SS
Thlelroan, Portland 143 41 .287
Doyle. Tacoma 291 82 .282
Bernard. Los Angeles 377 105.279
Caeey, Tacoma 386 1C6 .275
Nadeau. Portland 400 110.275
Van Haltren. Seattle. .....' 456 125.274
Kruger, Oakland 409 100 .267
Shields. Seattle -Portland 68 18 .2C3
Byrnes. Oakland 204 54 .265
Castro, Portland 283 25 .203
J. Smith. Los Angeles 369 97 .264
Chase, Los Angeles 373 98.263
R. Hall, Seattle 411108.263
Murphy. Portland 84 22 .2t:2
Schmidt. Oakland « Ill 29 .261
Irwln. San Francisco 365 94 .258
Wheeler. Los Angelea '. 196 50.255
McLaughlin. Tacoma 404 102 .252
McKune/ Oakland 20 5.250
Raymond. Portland-Los Angeles... 188 47 .250
Francis. Portland 337 84.249
Freeman, Portland 125 31 .248
Francks. Oakland 399 98 .248
Hannlvan. Tacoma 170 42 .247
Townsend. San Francisco 146 35 .217
Devereaux. Oakland 402 99.246
Lynch, Tacoma t 410 101 .216
J. Streib. Oakland 394 96.244
Lohman. Oakland 123 30.241
C. Graham, Tacoma 295 71 .241
Barber. Seattle-San Francisco 92 22 .2.19
Cravatb, Los Angeles 301 03 .'237
Flood, Los Angeles 404 95 .235
Ross. Los Angeles 341 78 .229
Drennan. Portland 374 85.227
Dunleavy, Oakland 217 49.228
Miller. San Francisco 261 59 .226
Massey, San Francisco 240 54 .225
Spies, Los Angeles 304 68 .TZ\
Knell, San Francisco 90 20 .222
Toman, Los Angeles 329 73 .222
Hogan, Tacoma 179 39 .218
Rettz. San Francisco 159 34 .214
Keefe, Tacoma 89 19 .213
Steelman. Portland 268 67.213
Gorton, San Francisco 161 34 .211
Anderson. San Francisco 332 70.210
Spencer. Portland 53 11.208
Fitzgerald, Tacoma 34 7 .2CXJ
Leahy. San Francisco ; 250 50.200
Shea. Portland 185 37 .200
Whalen, San Francisco 96 19 .198
Haura, Los Angeles 81 16.197
Cooper, Oakland -. 41 8 .195
Newton, Los Angeles 88 17|.193
Williams. Seattle 122 231.190
Eagar. Los Angeles 100 IS .180
Schmeer. Portland 114 20.175
Buchanan. Oakland 86 15 .174
Druhot. Portland 53 9 .170
T. Streib. Oakland 77 13 .170
Jones. San Francisco 95 16 .168
Overall, Tacoma 96 16.167
St. Vrain. Tacoma 79 13 .165
Roach. Portland 40 6.150
C. Hall, Seattle 76 11 .145
Butler, Portland 81 11 .136
W. Hall, Los Angeles GS 9 .ia«
Gray, Los Angeles 70 9 . 129
Iberg. Portland 95 11 .11«
Boettlger, Oakland 55 6 .100
Hastings. Portland 10 1 .100
PITCHERS' VICTORIES.
NAME. Won. I Loot. Pet.
Newton 19 8 .704
C. Hall 13 6 .6H4
Keefe 18 9 .6H7
Buchanan IS 9 .667
Roach 7 4 ,6-')6
St. Vrain 14 o .eco
Hughes 14 9 .tCO
Thomas 14 10 .SS(
Whalen 15 11 .577
Moaklman 9 7 .S(Vt
Barber 14 11 .310
Overall 15 12 .556
Williams 13 13 .500
W. Hall 12 12 .500
Shields 11 11 .600
AVheeler ...,. 5 6 .600
Fltrgerald ..T 4 .4 .500
Iberg 14. 15 .48.1
Baum 12 13 .480
Schmidt 14 16 .467
O. Graham 11 13 .458
Gray 10 12 .455
Thlelman 9 12 .423
Jones 11 10 .407
Stolen bases — Van Haltren, Frisk. Errors —
Frisk. R. Hall. Two-base hits — Delehanty,
Van Haltren. Sacrifice hits— Anderson, Moh
ler 2. First base on errors — San Francisco 1.
First base on called balls — Off Whalen 1, oft
Hall 4. Left on bases — San Francisco 6, Se
attle 6. Struck out — By "Whalen 7, by Hall 2.
Hit by pitcher — Frisk 2, Hildebrand. Town
send. Double plays — Mohler to Blankenehtp;.
Whalen to Townsend; Hall to Mohler to Blank
enship. Time of came — One hour and 05 min
utes. Umpire — O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0—2
Base hits 1 01102120—8
San Francisco. ...0 ' 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 1 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 — 2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
This seemed to take the heart out of
San Francisco. Whalen hit Frisk with
the ball, and he easily stole second on
Gorton. Blankenshlp unloaded a single
to deep center and Frisk sped to the
plate. Blakenship was thrown out
while trying to do down on the first ball
pitched to Smith.
The home team never could approach
the plate while Hall was pitching. This
kid had all the veterans and others on
his staff in every inning, and the best
they got was two little hits. His per
formance was a remarkable one, for he
never once got into a hole nor did he
ever lose his speed or control. Score:
Ban Francisco — f Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. K. H. P.A.
Waldn.cf 2 0 0 1 0 VnHtn.cf 4 12 2 0
Hlldbnd.s 3 0 0 2 S Mohlr.2b 2 O 1 6 5
Meany.rf 4 0 110 Delhty,3b 4 0 2 0 0
VanBn.lf 4 0 0 0 OjFrlsk,. If 2 1 0 1 0
Twnsd.lb3 0 0 II 0 Bknsp.lb 4 0 1 13 0
Irwln,3b 4 0 10 llKmtth.rf 4 0 0 10
Andsn,2b 1 0 0.2 2 R.Hall. 830127
Leahy, c 2 0 0 8 2 Wilson.c 4 0 0 2 0
Whaln. p 3 0 0 1 3 C.Hall.p 3 0 10 1
Gorton.c 00011
. Totals.30 2 8 27 18
Total s. 26 0 2 27 12
Not a run had marred the score when
Rip Van Haltren opened up the eighth
with a smashing two-base drive to the
score board. Mohler laid down a bunt
and Van landed on third. Then Dele
hanty popped up a fly to short right
field. Meany nailed the ball and made
an absolutely perfect return to Leahy.
On came Van Haltren, tearing as
though his life depended upon this final
effort. The ball apparently reached the
catcher's mitt just a fraction of a sec
ond ere the runner arrived. The umpire
motioned out, and changed it to safe In
a twinkling. Then followed the rough
house, which, fortunately, ended before
the free-for-all flght period came.
Every one was shouting for the um
pire's life at Recreation Park yesterday
when Van Haltren arrived at the pan
with the ball in the eighth inning and
settled a mighty battle. It was one of
the clostest kind of plays, and the run
ner looked like a dead one. Jack O'Con
nell was" on the spot and at first mo
tioned "out," but then changed it and
called the man "safe," Score^ — Seattle
2, San Francisco 0. 'i '. : v
There was a terrible uproar at all
events, and it ended only when Leahy
was put out of the game for making a
pass at O'Connell. Whalen also tried
to butt in on a fight, but Knell pulled
him ; away. The game was delayed
about fifteen minutes during the siege
that ensued.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast Learue.)
W. I* Pet. | W. I* Pet.
Seattle n 6 .047 Ban Fran... 9 9.500
Tacoma 10 7 .688 Portland ... 7 10 .412
Ix>s Angeles. 10 7 .088 Oakland .... 5 13 .278
The annual meet of the California
Coursing: Committee was commenced
yesterday at Ingleside Coursing Park
in the presence of a large crowd of en
thusiasts in the sport. The first round
of a ninety-six-dog open stake mads
up the day's card.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake — Ruby Sankey teat
Prince B, 8-0; Belfast beat Loretta,
5-4; Runaway Actress beat Liberator.
9-7; Jerry Wright beat Stlngaree. 3-0;
Remisso Anirrto beat Doreeh, 6-4;
Ragged Actor beat Old Ironsides, 6-0;
Luxury beat Trinity Girl, 14-4;
Colored Lady beat Golden Fortune,
6-0; Becky Sharp beat McHenry, 18-5;
Wattles beat Terry McGovern. 16-6;
Honest John a bye. Smith withdrawn;
Glaucus beat Texas Hoo Hoo, 12-8;
Fannie Hughie beat Real Duchess,
9-7; Pure Pearl beat Rolling Boer,
12-0; Fretter beat Bender, 5-0; Im
perious beat Forest Fire, 10-2; Lady
Menlo beat Butte City, .13-10; Rich
Array beat Donnybrook, 15-7; Bonnie
Pasha beat Idleness, 5-1; Lord Brazen
beat Prometheus. 14-7; Yellow Tall
beat Picadilly, 7-3; Queen's Motto beat
Ella May. 24-4; Aeolus beat Tralee
Maid, 16-10; Vina beat Wait For Me,
12-0; Balendine beat Golden Feather,
4-2; Magic Stuff beat May Tunnison.
5-2: Foxhunter beat Gunfire, 4-0;
Palo Alto beat Princess Savoy, 7-5;
Royal Friend beat Budding Rose, 4-2:
Golden Garter beat Medea, 6-3; Sunny
South beat Mark Twain, 3-2; False
Alarm beat Cubanola, 4-3; Carlow
Boy beat Rushaway, 16-9; Gallant
Giancer beat Fortuna Angel, 11-5;
Pepper Jack beat Craig Lad, 9-5;
Commercial Traveler beat Anna Ryne,
12-6; Fiddler beat Homer Boy, 12-4;
Don Pedro beat Jack Short, 9-2; Little
Plunger beat Miss Brummel, 8-0;
Keckless Rose beat Beauty Gold, 4-3;
Queen of Isle beat Equator, 4-0; Mel
linwood beat Toung Johnnie Rex, 3-2;
Eastlake beat Clydette. 10-5; Smiler
beat Black Coon, 7-5; Freeport beat
Tom Hurlick, 5-2; Ready Address beat
Sir Winton. 7-3; Laboring Boy beat
Agitator, 9-5.
An unusually large attendance Is ex
pected to-day.
In the open stake Ragged Actor,
Hojal Friend and Anna Ryne are ex
pected to distinguish themselves. •
Exciting Running at Cali
fornia Coursing Committee
Meet at Ingleside Park
Close Decision at the Home
Plats Spoils a Great Game
During the Eighth Eound
OUTSIDERS WIN
ON THE FIELD
NATIVES NEVER
REACH THE PAN
TANYA, WITH THE DURYEA COLORS UP, IS FIRST IN HOPEFUL STAKES
CLEVER FUTURITY CANDIDATES SHOWN
IN TWO-YEAR-OLD EVENT AT SARATOGA
Phil Finch Wins Oak Park
Handicap in a Down
pour of Rain.
Eose of Dawn, a Daughter of
Hamburg, Shows Great
Burst of Speed.
Otto Stifel Passes tlie Light-
Weighted Frank Bell,
Scoring Handily.
EDCTH RACE— Five asd a half furlong*;
selling; for two-year-olfle:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
• to 2 — iv.nrroft. lOi (Cochran).. 1 1 4 U'i
10 to 1— Rubric. 102 fCormack)... » 4 3 2%
7 to 1 — Daneeuse. 190 rO'NeiU... 8 2 1 3 h
Time 1 :07 3-6. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, D. GKcon's br. g. by Hi» Highness-
Nosegay. Ike 6. Niblick, Bob Mossom, Awak
rnlng Merces. Good-by. High Ulo, Woolnola,
Delcanta, Northvllle. Mayoress. Linda Rosa,
Bert Arthur, Dandelion, Brush Up, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; Belling; for three
year-olds and up; gentlemen riders:
httting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1*; to 5— D. Gold.126 (Mr.HoUand) 3 4 2 12
J2 to 1— Kllogram.149 (Mr. Baker) 4 6 1142 3
C to 1— Homesd.149 <Mr.Mather> 6 6 h 3 3
Time. 1:44. Start poor. Won driving.
Winnw. J. W. Colt's b. g. by Golden Garter-
Mottle. St. Daniel. Boxwood. Cnmaeked, Judge,
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One and flve-sixteenth
mile*- the Saratoga derby, for three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. 6t. «i Fin.
2to»— Delhi 126 (Odom) 1 1 2^1 2
4 l(> i_stalwart 126 (J. Martin). 3 8 2 2
4 t-> 1— St. Valentine. 126 midbnd) 2 2 2 3
Time 2:1S 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
¦Winner. 3. R. Keen«> br. c. by Ben Brush-
Veva. iThre* etarter*.)
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; the Hopeful;
t w<vyear-old« :
Batting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Tanya. 127 < Hildebrand) 2 1 *$ 1 1*4
7 to 5— Ret* of Dawn. 112 (Sew) 7 3 2 2 1H
10 to 1— Hot Shot. 115 (Hicks).... 11 7h 3h
Time. 1:13 2-5 Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner II. B Duryea"* ch. t. by Meddler-Hand
cpu'n. Agile. Heart's Desire. Sparkling Star,
Jack Lorry. Marie France*. Blandy, Sinister,
Augur, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— The Ehlllelah steeplechase,
about two and a half miles; four-year-olds
And up:
Betting. Home. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 5 — Foxhunter. 161 (R*y) 5 2h 19*
IS to 5— 6t. Jude, 149 (J. O'Brien) 3 3 15 2 2
1- to 1— Grandpa. 151 (Holman).. 1 It 360
Time 5:01. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, T. Hitchock'e Jr. ch. f. by Golden Dawn-
Winema. Whlnway. Ten Candles, Flying Vir
i:,:.ia.i, inspector Stevens finished as named.
SARATOGA. N. Y., Aug. 13.— The
Hopeful stakes was the principal racing
event to-day, largely because of its
bearing on the Futurity, to be run two
:weeks hence. Eleven colts and fillies
composed the field. Rose of Dawn was
number one at the start, and when the
barrier was released she suffered from
crowding and fell back for a hundred
yards, while Tanya, with which the
stable had declared to win, broke fast
from outside and went on after Heart's
Desire, this pair leading all others to
the stretch turn.
Meantime Rose of Dawn had shown a
remarkable flight cf speed from her
poor beginning and now made one of
the three leaders. As a matter of fact,
the Duryea colts were first, second and
third all the way around the turn. They
took dose order at the head of the
stretch, where Heart's Desire began to
show signs of distress, and Tanya and
Rose of Dawn were first and second.
At the end of five and a half furlongs
It. seemed Rose of Dawn could run up
to Tanya, but it was not so palpable
she could do so at the end of six fur
longs. Tanya passed the Judges a
length and a half in advance of her
stable companion. Rose of Dawn, be
hind which some distance off were
three youngsters fighting it out desper
ately. Up to the last few strides Heart's
Desire seemed likely to be third, but
with Hot Shot coming strongly from
the rear, he got up in time to earn
third money. Summary:
FIRST RACE— 6«ven fartongi; handicap; all
Be" tier. Horse. Weight Jockey. Bt. % f 1 , 0 
4 to 1— ecarfell. 103 (Wonderly). 2 ! i^ 4 ii
¦ to 1— Gay Boy. 126 (Odom) .... 6 3 V, 2 h
15 to 1 — New York. 100 (Crimmne) 5 4 1V4» 5
Time. 1:251-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner W Hendrie* 1 b. c by Shaffel-Blanc* of
Devon. Jocund. Atwood, Toscan, Hamo fin
ished as earned.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— Th» Empire
City Grand Circuit harness meeting
closed to-day. Major Delmar was sent
to beat 2:02%, without a runner In
front. The champion gelding came to
the wire with a strong breeze blowing.
"With a runner on each side of him. but
none in front, be went to the quarter
mile pole In SI seconds, to the half in
1:00%, to the three-quarters In 1:21%,
and came home in 2:02%, thus equaling
Cresceus* record. Summary:
2:22 pace, purse $600, dash, half a
jnll« — Gordon Prince won in 1:01%,
Lookout Hal second, Alddlne third.
Sewing Machine, Earl Scott and Inaha
also started.
2:09 pace, purse $700. dash, one mile-
Black Hal won in 2:05%, John M sec
ond, Guy Caton third. Ben F, Dandy
C, Birdlna Centriflc and Bessie Drake
also started.
2:15 pace, purse $600, dash, one and
Trots First Half Just Outside a
Ttvo-3Iixrate Clip at Empire
City Track.
MAJOR DELMAR TEES RECORD
OF CRESCEUS FOR ONE MILE
2:11 trot, purse $700, dash, mile and
an eighth — John Taylor won in 2:27'^,
Direct View second. Queen "Wilkes
third. Hive, Llsonjiro, Anna Little,
Billy Foster Boy and The King also
started.
SEVENTH RACE —One mile; three-year
o?ds and up; selllnr:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1 —Dungannon, 95 (McBrlde). 1 8 h 1 h
4 to 1 —Sweet Tone, 90 (Greenfield) 5 1 h 2 h
8 to 1—Bob Franklin, 86 (Oregar). 7 2 5 3 1
Time. 1:46 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Wirner, Charles Knebelkamp'a b. f. (3) by
Dcr.garven-DUtress. D. L. Moore 111, Benson
Caldwell 98. Mezzo 103, Hans Wagner 104,
finished as named.
* 1 -4-
a sixteenth miles—Cheery Lass won In
2:14%, Belle Starr second, Edgar Boy
third. Bessie Abbott, Dewey, Fred N,
Skyland Girl and Seyba also started.
2:23 trot, purse $600, dash, half a mile
—Leonardo won In 1:02%, Ben Ax
worthy second, Jolly Bachelor third.
Leta, Maroba and Jeannette also
started.
2:09 trot, purse $700, dash, one and a
sixteenth miles —Masetto won in 2:17%,
Judge Green second, Marlon Wilkes
third. York Boy, Billy Foster Boy and
Prince Greenlands also started.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Batting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
W to 5 — Lady Ellison. 95 <Knapp) 12 1 14
15 to 1 — Cutter. 95 (Feltch) 8 43 2H£
11 to 5— Costigan, 03 (Mountain). 6 3 5 3 h'
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. R. Ellison's b. f. by (Woolsthorpe-
AmabeL Subtle 110, Alcazy 95. Mary's Gal
lant 88, Green Gown 115. McClellan 98, Garvlce
108, finished as named.
Time. 1:51 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, M. Jordan's ch. c. (3) by St. Blals°-
Pretense. Don't Ask Me 101. Celebration 105.
Frank Mac 98. Rossmond 09, Excentral 97,
Nitrate 103, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— On© and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Btttlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1 — San Remo, 06 (Knapp)... 0 4 2 lh
3 to 1— Docile, 91 ( Nlcol) 1 22 24
8 to 1— Harney. 105 <Hoffier) 4 13 8 3
FOURTH RACE — Mile, three-year-olds and
up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 1— Bragg. 97 (Sheehan).... 2 lh 1 3'i
7to2— Ahola. 00 (Oregar) 1 2 10 2 h
8 to 1— Huzzah. 95 (Mclntyre).. 5 4 3 3 7
Time 1:42. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. James Curl's b. b. (5) by Siddartha-Canta
trice. Beau Ormonde 102, McGee 107. finished
as named.
THIRD RACE — One and an eighth mile*,
three-year-olds and up. Oak Park handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
9 to 2— Phil Finch, 105 (Nlcol).. 6 3 4 1 3Vi
7 to 1— Pr. Sllverwgs, 107 (Hf'r 2 2 h 2 h
7 to 1— Schoolmate. US (Felcht).. 1 5 4 3 4
Time 1:53 3-5. Start good. Won easily
Winner. W. E- Williams & Co.'s ch. e. (3)
by Gold Flnch-Phllli6ta. Apple 00, Felipe
Lugo 108, Sweetie K9. Dalvay 110. Ell 90,
Bombardier 10U, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs, three-year
olds and up. selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 2— Mayor Johnsono. 104(Nlcl)l I ': 1 34
7 to 1 — Peter J., 107 (Hotter) 5 3 1>$2 \i±
8 to 1— Rag Tag, 107 (Sheehan).. 7 6 4 3 »> a
Time 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. L. Marlon & Co.'e b. g.. (5) by G. W.
Johnson- Day break. Tarn O'Shanter 104, Sad
Sam 104. Orfeo 104, Muresca 96, Velma Clark
104, finished as named.
CHICAGO. Aug. 13. — In a down
pour of rain Phil Finch won the Oak
Park handicap, the feature of the
closing day of the summer meeting
at Harlem. Prince Silverwings was
second, a head in front of the added
starter. Schoolmate. The stake was
worth 52045 to the winner and nine
horses started. Phil Finch, which, it
is said, does not like a ¦ slow track,
opened favorite at 7 to 2. When rain
began to fall he drifted to 5 to 1.
"Lucky" Baldwin's Felipe Lugo re
ceived the bulk of the play, being
backed from 6 to 1 to 4 to 1. He was
a close second choice to Dalvay, post
favorite at 19 to 5. Felipe Lugo was
a wild horse for a mile. He kept the
lead, closely pressed by Prince Sil
verwings, but faltered turning for
home, where Phil Finch,, coming up
with a rush, got in front and stayed
there to the wire, winning by a length
and a half. Schoolmate, outrun the
first part, closed with a sensational
rush and only lost the place by a nar
row margin.
Ed Corrigan's fast imported colt
McGee, the favorite, was badly beaten
in the fourth race owing to the mud.
It was a mile dash "and Bragg won
handily, with Ahola second and Huz
zah, which was left at the post, third.
It was a bad day for racing. Before
the first race was run it was clear and
warm. Suddenly a rain storm blew
up and between the running of the
third and fourth races rain fell in
torrents, making the track sloppy.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs, four-year-olds
and u;i, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1 — Fleuron, 103 (Morrison) . . tt 1 h 15
5tol — Marco. 9» (Nicol) 2 42 2
b to 1 — Bay Wonder, 103 (Knapp) 4 2 0 3 %
Time 1:14. Start fair. Won eaeily. Win
ner, Mrs. J. J. Zurbore"* ch. m. (aged) by
Albert-Entrlda. Dr. Stephens 112, Handley
Croas 103, Jack Full 103, Olympian 108, Nellie
Waddell UT. lixiUhcd as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call,
ST. LOUIS, Augf 18. — Otto Stifel
easily won the August selling stakes
to-day, coming strongly in the stretch
and passing the light weighted Frank
Bell easily. Hilee never got to the
front and finished third. Favorites
had a bad day of it. The weather
was clear and the track fast. Attend
ance 10,000. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse) Weight, Jockey St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Albany Girl. lOO (Rice). 6 2 2 lni
30 to 1 — Dr. Burns, 107 (Llndsey) 2 8 2 2 2
4 to 1 — Worthlngton, 102(W.Dvs) 4 4 8 3 %
Tlm», 1:29*;. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, F. Debekue's b. m. (4) by Worthlng
ton-La Juive. Lynch 102, Ben Lear 102, Torlo
100, Freeslaa 101, Gay American 98. Axares
107. Twemlow 98, Crescerton 105. Hoceo 107,
Drop o' Rye 107. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; two-year
olds:
Betting. Horee, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
B to 1— Hersaln, 95 (Rice) 4 11 11%
5 to 1— Mcllwood, 98 (Vanderbout) B 2 3 2 3
3 to 1— Milton Young, 109 (Trox) 1 62 Sh
Time. 1:16. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. B. Schrelber"s b. f. by Sain-Heeperia.
Renaissance 95, De Grammont 103, Fred Prie«r
meyer U8. Little Harry 103, Gaaconno 95,
Dromlo 103, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs:
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1— Joe Goss, 100 (Ivers).... 1 1% 11
6 to 1— King Hose, 109 (J. Conley) 5 8 % 2 nk
8 to 1— Buccleuth, 100 (Rice).... 8 92 3h
Time, 1:21%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, F. F. Lewis' ch. g. (7) by Lyeander-
Vandallght. Lady Vashtl 100. Caterpillar lOO,
Flyer 100, Mai Lowery 91, Jake Greenberg 108,
Barklyite 102. Claremont 103, Lady Felix 103.
Trinity Bell 103. Walter Duffy 96. finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs: three-year
olds and up; August selling stake:
Betting. Horse. Welsrht, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Otto Stifel. 08 (W.Davis) 7 3 1V41 3
5 to 2— Frank Bell, 96 (Rice).. 1 1 1^2 Hi
8 to 5— Hllee. 107 (Troxler) 2 2 1 3 2
Time, 1:12H: Start pood. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Schreiber'B b. c. (3) by Saln-Wetunka.
Blissful 99. Ed Ball 96. Pretension 96, Ice
Water 110, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds :
Betting 1 . Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
2 to 1— I* Charm. 106 (Ldndsey) 4 2 3 In
9 to 2 — Woodlands. 114 (Dale) . . 1 1 h 2 12
30 to 1 — Col. Preston. 99 (Foley) 8 S 7 3 6
Time, l:08^i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. O. C. Bennett & Co.' s br. c. by
Lucky Doe-Charm. Darthula 103, Wexford 99,
Lady Mercury 06, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth
miles; tbree-vear-olds and up:
Bettlnar. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — Doeskin. 85 (I^Wlllams) 8 16 11
5 to 1 — Buccaneer, 109 (Conley) 2 8 2 2 3
2i) to 1— Miss Eon, 03 (Barren). . 5 Bh 3 1#
Time, 2:01%. Start grood. Won easily.
Winner. Martin & Walker's b. m. (6) by
Freeman-Theckley. Scalper 03. Mainspring
107. Goo Goo 102. Wissendlne 100, St. Asnes
II 95, Regina D 87, Semper Vlvax 104, finish
ed aa named. -
SEVENTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three
year-olds and' up; ' .
Hettlnp. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
17 to 1— K. Charm, 103 (Llndsey) 3 1 >4 1 M
8 to 5— Bab, 105 (L. Wilson).. B 2n 2h
13 to 1— Sid Silver. 10S (Cocolo).. 2 3 3 3 1
Time. J :29. Start Rood. Won driving.
"Winner, J. C. Ghlo"s br. c " (3) by Kind's
Counsel-Charni. Death 116, Miss Manners 106.
Howling Dervish 103, One More 107, Possart
110, finished as named.
CROWE AND DUXCAX TAKE
FINAL. TOURNAMENT SIATCH
Most of the Scottish bowlers have
returned to town and the green at
Golden Gate Park was crowded yes
terday afternoon. Four tournament
matches were played, three In singles
and one in doubles. After many weeks
of play the doubles tournament was
brought to a conclusion. There was
quite a demonstration when M. L.
Crowe and J. M. Duncan won the
match and tournament. They beat
W. R. Eaton and Dr. Hamilton, 21 to
17. The victory of Crowe and Dun
can was somewhat of a surprise to
many. Crowe, who won the first
championship of the city in singles,
bowled splendidly, as did his partner.
The match was extremely close from
start to finish. On the eighteenth and
last end Hamilton laid his bowl along
side the jack, but Duncan with a
well-aimed shot dislodged the bowl
and won the end.
In the singles tourney J. Stott beat
W. A. Cook rather easily, the score
being 21 to 7. M. L. CroWe caused
quite a surprise by taking H. L.. Tlck
ner into camp. Crowe was in great
form and won by a 21 to 15 score.
James Gray beat James Mearns, 21 to
12. Many practice matches were
played and resulted as follows:
S. Irvlngr beat J. M. Forsyth, 21 to
14; J. Mearns and Forsyth beat T. Mc-
Naught and Irving, 21 to 13; J. Mof
fatt and Dr. Gunn beat M. L. Crowe
and H. L. Tlckner, 21 to 6; Crowe
and W. "Watson beat Mearns and J.
O'Brien, 21 to 13; Mearns and Joseph
Gray beat G. C. Patterson and A. Neil
son, 21 to 9; G. H. McDonald and J.
C. Moffatt beat Watson and J. Mc-
Lachlan, 21 to 14; James Gray and
Mearns beat General McGregor and
Y. C. Lawson, 21 to 17; R. Park and
G. C. Patterson .beat Rev. W. J.
Fischer and J.-Stott, 21 to 15; Mc-
Naught and Gunn beat Park and Mof
fatt, 21 to 5; J. M. Duncan and J. T.
Dare beat Watson and Gray, 21 to 17.
COJIMUTERS IiAXD AT LAST.
Graham lias Angels Going and Nearly
Scores Shut-Out.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 13. — The
Angels were unable to hit Graham to
day and were lucky to escape a shut
out. Gray was the easiest sort of a
mark for the visitors and was ham
mered all over the field, besides walk
ing four men and hitting one. Both
sides fielded fast and clean. Score:
Los Angeles — Oakland—
AD. R. H. P.A. AB. R. II. P.A.
Bernnl.cf 4 0 0 4 1 Frncka.ss 5 0 114
Brashr.lb 1 2 0 10 0 Mskmn.rf 3 1 1 2 0
Smlth.Sb 4 0 10 1 Dunlvy.lf 3 2 3 0 0
Cravth.rf 4 0 2 2 0 tKrugr.cf B 1 2 10
Flood.2b. 3 0 0 2 2 Streib.lb. 5 0 1 15 O
Chase.lf.. 4 0 0 1 0 Devrx,3b 4' 1 2 0 8
Toman,sa 3 0 0 2, 2 Byrnes.c 5 0 2 41
Sples.c. .30002 McKu.2b 31 0 45
Oray.p... 3 0 0 0 P Grahm.p 8 0 10 1
•Eagar. .10000
Total, 70 T"i 27 li T ° tal838 613271t
•Eagar batted fop Flood In last Inning.
tKrufter out on bunted third strike.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 1 0 0 10 0—2
' Base hits 0 0 0 1 0 0 10 1—3
Oakland 0 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 2 0
Kase hits 12 3 0 1 2 1 1.2 13
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Dunleavy (2), Devereaux, Mc
,Kuno. Error — McKune. Three-base hit —
Kruger. Two-base hits— Devereaux Dunleavy
(-). J. Smith. Sacrifice hit— Dunleavy. First
base on error— I/w Angeles Left on bases
Los Anreles 4, Oakland 10. Bases on balU—
Off Ornham 2. off Gray 4. Struck, out— By
Graham 3, by Gray 3. Double Dlay — Bernard
to Spies. Hit by pitched ball— McKune. Time
of camo — One hour and forty minutes. ' Um-
Blre — J. McCarthy. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904.
Dr. Newton of Los Angeles is the
star slab artist for the first half of
the season. Newton won nineteen out
of twenty-seven games. He is closely
followed by Charley Hall of Seattle,
Kcefe of Tacoma and Buchanan of
Oakland. Following are the fielding
averages and standing of the pitchers:
i Big Emil Frisk of Seattle tops the
Pacific Coast League's sluggers with
an average of .367 for the first half of
the season: Right behind him is Oscar
Graham, the erratic Oakland south
paw, and then comes little Mohler, also
of Seattle. Hildebrand leads the San
Francisco Club with .307. The aver
ages follow:
Hildebrand Leads San Fran
cisco Team With
Willow.
FRISK IS KING OF THE BATSMEN
FOR FIRST HALF OF LEAGUE SEASON
Dr. Newton Wins More
Games Than Any
Other Pitcher.
36
SOBESSndULCEBS .#"%
SHOW A BAD CONDITION OF THE BLOOD fefes 1|
When the blood is in bad condition a bruise, cut, 1§I^\ ffl
scratch, or any slight injury to the flesh, is apt to become lr§?"% /}P
an ugly-looking sore or ulcer.- Sometimes a boil, blister -^tfcnj^A
or pimple is the beginning of a large eating ulcer or open,
discharging sore. Often the blood is naturally bad, and
is that way from birth, and such people suffer with vari- WmmMm^H%9
ous kinds of sores from infancy through old age. The
blood may become so weak
and waterv from the effects of .A common boll appeared on tho calf of my right
" ., <V 7 7t. tso1 limb. I Ti«ed the •Tmple home remedies but tho
malarial sickness, debility or pi»ce refused to heal. The phycici«n I consulted
someold chronic^rouble, that J&»S n a o n^ d ;» d M f SSraWfiVl!*^!
the impurities break out in improved rapidly, but an attack of typhoid fever
bad Sores on the lower ex- ¦•*"•* in «>• original ¦ore, causing a baekMt. I
" ?: . " . . c *"wcr ex beran it arain aa aoon at I was orer the fever, and
tremiucs or otner part of the mi completely and permanently cured,
body. There is always some UBS. X. A. puffy, !
morbid, unhealthy matter in »•" Ca.tle»Pa. 214 Washington St.
the blood that keeps the sore discharging, and must be gotten out before it
Sf m^ f—^s. ywll heal. Washes and salves, while cleansing, sooth -
nC^HfC^i ing and helpful, will not do it, because they do not
reach the poisoned blood; but S. S. S. cleanses and
fc>J/^*^/ purifies the diseased blood, and when this is accom-
- — plished the place heals. Where the health has been
impaired it restores strength and vigor to the system, improves. the appetite
and digestion, and tones up the nerves. Purifying the blood is the surest
way to get rid of an old sore or ulcer. Medical advice is free.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA»
ADITERTISIOIEXTS.
I Pay Me
I When I've
Cured You
I DR. O. C. JOSX-EN 1 .
The Leading SpeclaJlst.
Who call upon me in consultation:
f j sometimes express doubt as to ray
L§ ability to effect a permanent cure.
(J Some say. "I've paid half a doi»n.
3 c^eT- 'MrMrw^'rvE
H CURED TOU Is the straightforward.
tj definite and business-like proposition
it I make to every afflicted man.
« "WEAXiniSS."
l| If other physicians have treated you
H 'or so-called "weakness" you were
H helped only temporarily. If at all. »nd
Q th*- reason ts very apparent whea th«
H cause of loss of power in man Is un-
H derstood. "Weakness" Isn't a weak-
H nem at all, but ¦ is merely a symptom
Gg of chronic inflammation in th» pros-
H tate r'.and. broueht on by early <il*-
D sipatlon or nome contracted dlaorcer.
H My system of local treatment reraowa
|] this Inflammation, and la the omy
f'| treatment that has ever . or. ever can
H permanently restore strength and vis^r.
m vasicocsle. ¦
1] So pain, no cuttln*. But a few
§¦ days 1 time .required and a. thcrougn
M cure in every Ir.stance.
|1 COnTaACTTEI* DXS0H3EUS.
a The quickest cures ever effected.
! g Time reduced about on«-half. No '»"-
SO ures: no relapses. .?'
K sPECinc BI.00D poison.
Jy Kvery symptom and taint eradicate!,
a without the uje of dangerous drugs.
STUI uru SX. ¦¦•¦''"• ¦
s Neither cutting nor dilatinx. & ut a
9 painless treatment, by which thff ot>-
3 structins tissue la dissolved.
9 Jly Colorel Chart, explaining men**
I diseases. In helpful In making ah^nae
3 diagnosis, and is free for the asking.
I My Pees Arc Tzir.
I My Cores Are Pertnazezit.-.
DR. O.C.Joslen
I , Ccr. Xearny aad Marifft Ets.
' l*rivate Entrant. 70::. Market st.
5 Otnce Hours — 0 a. m. to 4 ::Ji> p. m.
3 ard «:"•> to S:C0 p. m. ¦ Sundays, 10 to
I 1 on-ly. . , ¦ • .•Sun, Moon and Tide.
A bachelor physician says the mi
crobes in kisses are often fatal — at least
*aey often > develop 'matrimonial germs.
People who -take their business to
church seldom take their religion to the
store.
KIO DE JANEIRO. Augr. 13.— Investigation
confirms the report that severe froeta In the
coffee i regions ¦ have considerably damaged the
«rcjis.- . .
MILWAUKEE, WIs., . Aug. .13.—
Reuben Hunt of California, last year's
champion in the singles of the Wis
consin men's tennis tournament, suc
cessfully;; defended the title* to-day by
winning from George Parks. > •
Hunt Defends Tennis Title.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to Ean Francisco
Bay. Published by offlclal authority of th«
Superintendent
»« « T 1 / M1 ««l°n-street wharf) about 23
. .I" tAa at Fort Point; the height
cf tide is the iimt at both places.
, SUNDAY. AUGUST JI
8nn rises *.*,
sun ««ts ".*.':;'.::*" t : w
Moca » et « 9:00jpVm^
0 } TUn J r* f* 7 " 1111 */ J 71111 * T1 »e
» I 1 Ft. I 1 FL I Ft. Tit
?lHwi (L W| |hw (l^F
U 1:02 5.3 7:141 0.31 l:55l 8.5 7-46 T*
15 2:00 4.9 8-J02 O.ol 2UT7 5 6 8 : 47 li
16 3:07 4.6 8:50 1.6! 3:25 t.5 O : 32 11
17 4:21 4.2 9:43 2.2 4:18 6.4 Illo2 09
18 6:3S 3.8 10:40 2.6 5:14 8.3 ..
iLW HW L*W h'w
19 0:13 O.« 6:59 3.3H1:48 2.8 6-'r> S4
20 1:17 0.3 6:13 4.im:S4 2.8 7:13 t.l
- NOTE— In <th« above exposition of the tide's
the carl/ morning- tides are given - la the left
' Last Thursday S. A. Wejlsv Charles
Briedenstein, Bert Spring, Joseph Url
and G. A. Wentworth each captured
one or two beauties ranstnjt troxa 3
to 6 pounds.
Striped bass fishing this season has
been quite late In Lake Merritt. It la
only within the past ten days that tha
fish have shown any disposition to
take a clam. An occasional on* has
been lured with live bait. Trollies is
also ia order and auite a number were
taken last week on a number 4 Wilson
spoon and a number 5 Stewart, Sev
eral large fish have been hooked and
lost from ineffective tackle. The best
hours so far are from 10 to 12 a. ra.
and 4 to 7 p. m.
Bass Fisbins on Lake Merritt.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13. — The best
bicycle racing of the season was seen
to-day at Manhattan Beach track.
Nineteen amateurs started in the five
mile race. Burton Downing of San
Jose, Cal. won in 14:35 3-5. with W.
11. Lee of New York second. Frank
L. Kramer of East Orange, N. J., won
the mile handicap from scratch. The
champion was only a foot In front of
E. J. Caldwell of Hartford. Floyd
McFarland of San Jose was third.
Kramer also won the two-thirds mile
race, In which he and W. S. Fenn of
Waterbury, Conn., rode as a team.
Downing Wins Cycle Rac*.
Dr. Bishoff of Valdivia, Chile, de
scribes the hard work of the mining
peons, who carry 150 pounds. of ore
in bags strapped to their shoulders
while they climb up hundreds of feet
on ladders, often consisting only of
notched trees. They toil without a
recess from 6 a. m. to 4 p. m., and
seem to be in need of all the rest they
can get, but before supper prefer to
take the strain out of their muscles
after a fashion of . their own — viz.,
dancing vehemently to the sound of a
fiddle for an hour " or two, or even
longer~if their lady friends happen to
muster in force.— Health Culture.
A Dance Cure.
Time BalL
Branch Hydrorraphlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 13. 1901.
The Time nail on ths tower of the Terry
oalldlnr was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
t. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Head of the Order Will Be Tendered
a Reception by the Subordinate
Conncils.
A. S. Robison of St. Louis, Mo. su- )(
preme regent of the Royal Arcanum,
a fraternal beneficiary association
j having a very large membership, who
I is making a tour of the subordinate
councils of the order on the Pacific
Coast, will arrive in this city next Fri
day, when he will be tendered a re
ception by the local councils and those
of Alameda County. There, will be a
class Initiation of candidates cbn
j tributed by thirteen councils, a
I musical and literary programme and
j following the reception the visitor will
! be entertained on Saturday and Sun
day.
The general committee In charge of
the arrangements for the reception
and entertainment, is composed of G.
Gunzendorfer, chairman; Gilbert B.
j Tuley, treasurer; Thomas G. Hodg
kins, Albert H. Merrill, Stanley Web
| ster of "San Francisco, C L. Smith,
secretary, of San Jose; J. C. Bennett
of Oakland, Edmund Burke of Ala
meda, A. H. Nettleton of Berkeley,
Alf E. Edgcumbe of Vallejo, Albert B.
Herrick of Santa Rosa, A. H. Noyes
of Sacramento and Will N. Davis of
Stockton.
This i» the first time in the history
of this fraternity that .„ an Incumbent
I supreme regent has. visited the Pacific
I Coast. '
j ROYAL AKCAXUM 4 OFFICER
WILL VISIT TIIIS CITY
Fifth race, one mile, handicap—In
structor .won, Forest King second.
Gateway third. Time, 1:41.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — J. H.
Bennett won. Conger second, Cracko
third. Time. 1:43.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 13.— The re
sults at Irvington:
First race,* six furlongs^ selllngf—
Gottlleben won, Jerry Flannagran sec
ond, Frivolous third. Time, 1:15H-
Second race, seven furlongs, sell
ing — Dotterel won, Sol Lichtenstein
second, Gold Finder third. Time,
l:2S$i.
Third race, five furlongs, selling-
Redan v.-on, Agnes Mack second, Cerro
Santa third. Times, 1:01^.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling,
Webfoot stakes — Nonie won, Misty*s
Pride second. Bummer third. Time,
1:1 3'i.
Portland Itacin~ Results.
ABBXVED.
Saturday. Angim U.
Sunr r A Kliturn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Tort Hewers.
Strar Brooklyn. Jofccscn, IT hoars from
Zlrruitjcitio.
Stir-r S<rjth Coast. Olsea, IS hoars £rom ,
Caspar.
Stxnr Fasti Monica. OUen. 66 becra 'roa
Crmys Harbor, bound south; pat in to land
psMeflstm.
Stmr Celia. NonJber*:. 13 hours from Albion.
Stmr IIoa.T t Donaldson, M hours from Ke
«ion<3«. ! .: - - ¦¦¦:?
.Sunr Ccoe Bay. Johnson, 64 hears from San
JVdro an<l *v»y port?.
Stmr P*io«ts:x. Odland CS hours fm Eureka.
Nor i:et T>i1ue, Arntxen, SO hours from
Ladysmlth. B C. »
6chr Btsrfe K. Stark. 12 hours rreni San
VktBti Landln*;
Grf-.r BerAer Brothers. TVetsel, SO hours fta
Fish Bock.
<6chr WHkiejlb. Pcterscs, 10 days frsna Port ;
LwUov.
CLEARETD.
Saturday. Aurast 13.
Rtsir Poraona. Swar.son. Eureka; Pac Coast
E S Co.
Stn-j- Columbia Doran. Portland and As
toria; OrVfon R R fc Nav Co.
Stir.r Newport Track, Ancon ar.d way ports: I
Pac Mall E 8 Co.
Br tutr Wyefleld, Watson, Nacalaio; "West
ern Twtl Co.
SAILED. %<7V:^
Saturday. Au^uct 13.
Stair City cf Paebla. Jepson, Victoria, etc
Star Santa. Sfcnica. Olsen. San Pedro.
Stmr Newport. Trask. Ancon and way ports.
Suar Brooklyn. Johnaon. Redondo.
Etmr Attrella, CrlcJcson. Astoria ar.d Port
land
fetcr B-. Wesnian. Eureka.
Sunr Alcaxar. V.'inkel. Point Arena.
Etrr.r Point Arena. Miller. Mendocina.
Sunr Arsro. Dunham. E>1 Rlrer.
Stxsr Prenties. Ablstroo. Eureka,
Br etmr Wyefeld. Watson. Nanaimo.
Schr Orient. Saunderc, Grays Harbor.
Echr Jenni* Grl'Sn. Gibson Bollnas.
TELDGRAPHXC
POINT LOBOS — Aa» 13, ,10 p m — Weather
thick; wind S; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Auj 12. midnight— Stmr
Dolphin, for Skarway.
Arrived AJSg 12 — U S rear Bnrnslde. from
Alaska
Sailed Act: IS— Btszr Cltj of 8e«.tt!», for
Skarway.
CRESCEKT C3TT— ArrirtA Acg 13. 8 a m—
Stmr Del Norte. henct An» 11.
REDONDO— Sailed Acx 13— Schr Bainbrid**.
for Port Blakelflr; «chr Alvena. for Port
Town send.
TATOOSH— T**9tA oot Xng 13— Ger bark
Rchurbek. from ChemalnTu for United King-
Cotn.
EUREKA— ATriT«dAnr 13— Stmr South Bay.
hence Acr 11.
Sailed As* 13— Etrar Eureka, for San Fran-
Bailed A«x 18— Btmr Toltdo. for Crescent
City; »trcr Arctic, for can Francisco
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Aag 13— Ger bark
Eenrlettt. for Port Plrl«.
Eafled Ana: 13— Ship Renca for Sydney.
BA>TA BARBARA— Sailed An* 12— Stmr
Boolta, for Ean Pedro.
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed A««- 11— Btmr ,
Otyxrjlc, tor £u> Fncdsco; etmr G C Lia.
Shipping Intelligence.
EAST. BROTHER ISLAND. CALIFORNIA.
lLi»t cf Lights «.riJ Fo« Signals. Pacific Coast.
1904. pace IS. No. 41. and List of Lights,
B-uoy» cni Uayirarks. PaclSc Coast, 1904.
paf e Z'- <
Notice a hereby r.vm that pcadins repairs
t> t*--e rtf-atr. iot sicsal machinery at East
rtroib-r Island LIrht Station. Saa Francisco
Bay. California, a bell will be struck by hand
at interval* of :5 »?conds during thick or
fogxy weati«r ur.tii further cotlce.
Bycrder'ot the Llxht House Board.
'¦"" V>~- H. DAT.
Cociraaader U. S. N.. Inspector Twelfth
Li«ht UocK DMrict.
Notice to Mariners.
H. Vance) 1 21 2.1
Zolock by McKinney (San
ford & Donohue) ...... 2 12 1 2
Dictatress, by Dictatus (J.
B. J Iverson) ~. 3 3 3 3 3
Oma A, by Dictatus (S. S.
Bailey) 4 4 4 4dr.
Cuckoo, by Stratheway (S.-
A. Eddy) ...... ....... ..;..dis. _
Daedalion, • by Diablo (A.
Ottihger) dis. /
Time, 2:09%, 2:09%, 2:11%, 2:ll| 2:15%.
(W. G. Durfee) 2 dr.
Time.^2:19. 2:25, 2:2S»4.
Pacing, 2:10 class, mile. heats, 3 in 5,
purse 600:
Highball, by Lickwood (J.
VALL.EJO, Aug. 13.— The meeting of
the California harness circuit closed
this evening. The track record was
lowered to 2:09% and the general ver
dict was that the racing throughout
the four days was well contested.
A large crowd attended to-day and
the betting was good. The first stake
event was for trotters in the 2:30 class.
A. field of four horses started. Jupiter
B opened a 2 to 3 favorite. He took the
lead at the start, but at the half-mile
pole broke badly. Morosco won the
heat handily. Morosco captured the
next two heats after a hard drive.^
The feature of the day was the'sec
ond race, the Electric Railroad stakes,
worth 5600, for pacers of the 2:10 class.
A field of six horses started. Cuckoo
opened favorite at 3 to 2. The first
heat was- won by Highball. He passed
Zoleck'near the wire. Time, 2:09%— a
new record for the track. In the sec
ond heat Zolock turned the tables,
beating Highball. Time 2:03%. In the
third heat Zolock opened favorite at
odds of 1 to 4. Highball led off at the
quarter pole, with Zolock close up, the
two horses pacing neck and neck
around the track. Highball won the
heat. In the fourth heat Highball took
the lead, with Dictatress at his sulky
wheel, Zolock lying back. Zolock
made a grand struggle up the home
stretch, just nosing out Highball at the
wire. At the opening of the fifth heat
Dictatress took the lead, but this was
soon overcome by Zolock, Highball ly
ing- back. These positions remained un
changed till the three-quarter pole was
reached, when Zolock broke. Highball
won the heat and the race. Summary:
Trotting, 2:30 class, mile heats, 3 in
5, purse $500:
Morosco. by Wayland W (J. N.
Minor) • 11 1
Mlllbrae, by Prince Airlie (P. H.
McEvoy) 3 3 2
Pat Rose, by Falrose (S. H. Hoy)4 2 3
Jupiter B, by George Beverley -
In the second class Miss A. Vodden
carried off the honors. Miss C Trava
nar won the third class cup. In tha
finals Miss Vodden met Miss M. Worces
ter, and a good three-set match result
ed. Miss Worcester won the second act
by a small margin, but Miss Vodden
took the third handily. In tha third
class Miss Trarenar beat ilias Cully in
the finals.
In the semi-finals of the second class
Miss Vodden almost lost to Miss V.
Beyfusa. The diminutive player nearly
won tha first set and took tha second
by a 5—1 score. In the third aha be
came tired and did not do so well.
The third class match between Miss
Greenenberg and Miss Cully was tha
most stubbornly contested ons seen for
months on the public courts. Tha first
two sets each went to 7—5. «ach player
winning one. The third set went to
twenty-two games before Miss Trave
nar won out. The scores follow:
Second class^ — Preliminary round. Miss
V. Crocker beat Miss A. Duncan. 5—0.
6—2; Miss A. Vodden beat Miss A. Lea,
6—0. 6—2. First round— Miss Vodden
beat Miss Crocker. 5—3. 6—5; Miss V.
Beyfuss beat Miss D. Weed. T— «, 6—1:
Miss I. Mearns beat Miss E. Hess, 6—3.
6—1; Miss M. Worcester beat Miss G.
Meyer, 6—0, 3— 6, 6—2. Semi-finals— Miss
Vodden beat Miss Beyfuss, 9—7. 1— «,
6 — 2; Miss Worcester beat Miss Mearns.
1_«. 6—2, 7—5. Finals— Miss Voddea
beat Miss Worcester. 6—2. 6— «, 6 — X.
Third class, prellmnaxy ronnd— Miss
B. Cully beat Mlas H. Levlson. 6—2.
6—1. First round— Miss C Tra-Tenar
beat Miss J. Pickle. 6—1, 6— «: Miss B.
Walthew beat Miss B. Gardiner, 7— C,
6—1; Miss M. Travenar beat Miss C
¦Wagg, s_i, 6—1; Miss Cully beat Mls«
A. Greenenberg. 7—6. 6—7. 13-^10. Seml
finals — Miss C. Travenar beat Miss Wal
thew. 6—3, 7—6; Miss Cully beat Miss
M. Travenar, 6 — *. 6— 1. Finals— Miss C
Travenar beat Miss Cully, 6—8, 6—1.
The class singles tennis tournament
played by the women at Golden Gate
Park yesterday attracted maay spec
tators, who were treated to sorao dosa
and interesting 1 matches. As tha con
testants were second and third class
players the tennis was not high class.
Paces a Mile in 2:09 1 /2 and
Breaks Yallejo Track Rec
ord on Last Day of Meet
Women of Second and Third
Classes Meet in Tournament
Matches on Park Courts
I Jeremiah Lynch, Fresh From His Fis
tic Encounter Aboard Liner
i - Deutschlnnd, Home.
Jeremiah. Lynch, well known club
man, miner and writer, who has been
i abroad for several months, has re-
I turned to this city. He signalized the
I fact last evening by giving a dinner at
the St. Francis Hotel. He has not yet
made his appearance at the Bohemian •
j Club, his usual haunt, but friends at- ;
i tribute this dereliction to his recent ex- j
| citing experience aboard the German !
| liner Deutschland on the eve of Its ar- i
rival in New York, when he was re- j
ported by wire as the victor in a fistic j
encounter with a prominent Spanish-
American.
According to the telegraphic reports
a young and beautiful Parisian, Mar- j
guerlte Fourchen, In whose welfare j
Lynch is supposed to have become in
terested, Involved hjm In a quarrel
with the South American, who proved
an easy mark for the Californian's '
right arm blows and was promptly I
felled to the vessel's deck. As a result j
of this Incident the young French j
! woman was detained on Ellis Island
| and sent back to Europe on the same j
steamship that had brought her west- |
ward. Lynch's friends assert that .the i
notoriety thus gained has aroused his ;
i diffidence and that he will remain away I
{ from his. club until his presence in the '
j city has become generally known and .
I gossip over the New York harbor
i scene has worn itself out.
WELL KNOWN CLUBMAN
RETURNS FROM ABROAD
Following is the line-up: Hibernians
— Barry, third base; O'Connor, short
stop; Duffy, center; Regan, second
base; Byrne, left field: Ebner, right
field; White, first bass; Engelfeldt,
pitcher; Gaffney, catcher.
Commercial — Burke, left field;
Nagle, third base; Brockhoff. short
stop; Watson, first base; Beardsley,
center; Grugg, second base; Yates,
catcher; Ross, pitcher; Schllngheyde,
right field.
Score — Hibernians 6. Commercials
5. Umpires — Monohan and Smith.
It looked bad for the Hibernians In
the ninth. The score was 5 to 4
against them. With one man on the
coin sacks, Pop Ebner connected for
a three-bagger. Pitcher Engelfeldt
brought him in, winning his own
game.
"Walter Nagle, who at one tlroe shot
them over for Uncle Henry Harris,
ornamented*' the third sack for the
Commercials. Tobacco-face BrockhofC
Jr., brother of the great and only
original, played shortstop for the
losers. ¦': -\ \r
The men who juggle the coin In
the Hibernia Bank and in the Com
mercial Bank did a stunt on the base
ball diamond yesterday at the Presidio
athletic grounds.
Some of the bank clerks are handler
with the bat than with a pen. It was
a pitchers' battle. Both twirlers
thought they were pitching twenties
into the safe and handled their twists
with care.
Ilibernia's Ink Stingers Prove That
the Bat Is Mightier Than
the Pen.
HIGHBALL HAS
SPEED GALORE
FAIR PLAYEBS
DO GOOD WORK
BANK CLERKS. PERSPIRE
OX BASEBALL DLUIOXD
| TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
St. Paul Nome & St Michael. . Aug. 14
i S. Monica Grays Harbor Aug. 14
Telhis Oyster Harbor 'Aug. 14
' Homer ban Pedro jAug. 14
\ Chieo Portland & Astoria... .|Aug. 14
Arcata Ccos Bay & Pt. OrfordlAug. 14
City Peking.. New York via AECCn..!Aug. 14
Arctic Humboktt ....... :.;-.... J&z-*Jt±*
Eureka.. Humboldt .".:. .."^Aue- 14^
Umattlla Puget Sound Ports .... Aug. 14
. G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Aug. 14
1 SequoU AVillapa Harbor Auj. 14
Lakme San Pedro Aug. 14
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pta. Aug. 13
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Aug. 15
Corona , Hurr.boldt Aug. x.V
Eiizabtth. . .] Coquille River [Aug. 15
Breakwater.., Coos Bay 'Aug. Id !
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.! Aug. 16 I
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. J.Vjs. H5 ;
Coronado firaya Harbor ;Aug. 16
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.jAng. IS
Argo Eel Kiver Porta !Aug. 17 j
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria.... lA<ijr. 17 i
Del Norte.... Crescent City Auj, 17 j
Pomona Humboldt | Aug. 18
San Jose Krw York via Ancon.JAug. 1<J
Point Arena. . I Mendocino & Pt. ArenajAus. IS
Santa Rosa.. Kan Diego & Way Pts.'Aug. is
Redondo Portland t Astoria (Aug. 19
Siberia China & Japan I Aug. 19
Queen Pusn Sound Ports I Aug. 19
Enterprise... Hilo Aug. 13
Coos Bay San Tedro & Way Pts. Au?. 20
Hathcr Hamburg & Way Ports. |Auj. 20
Cer.tralla. .. . Graya Harbor !Aug. 21
Kermdaa Honolulu & Kahulul. . .!Aug. 21
Centennial Seattle & Tacorna lAusr. 22
Columbia Portland & Astoria \A\iy;. 22
North Fork.. Humboldt Aug. 22
San Pedro... Grays Harbor |Aug. 22
Alarceda Honolulu lAug-. 23
City Puetr.a..| Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 2t
City Panama New York via Ancon. .'Aug. 24
Rainier I Seattle & Bellingham.JA.ug. 24
TO SAIL. ; .
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails.) Pier.
Aug-ust 14. ( I
"5. Monica... Los Angeles Ports.] 4 pmlPier 2
Pomona.... I Humboldt l:30piPier V
S. Rosa can Diego & Way. 9 am'Pier 11
Iaqua. ..".... Humboldt 4 pmiPler 2
! August 15. I |
S. Barbara. . Ixw Angeles Ports. I 4 pmlPier 2
Columbia...' Astoria & Portland 11 am! Pier 24
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 amlPier 11
AUflrriEt 16. I
North Fork. Humboldt ~.| 5 pm|Pier 20
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfdil^' m Pier 13
Elizabeth... Coquille River I 5 pmiPler 20
.Eureka Humboldt 9 am 'Pier 13
August 17. I
Arctic Humboldt 0 am [Pier 2
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p ! Pier 9
\ ' AU£Utt 13. ! |
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor |12 m;Pler 20
Ventura | Sydney & Way ... 2 pnvPier 7
Doric........ China & Japan 1 pm I Pier 40
Umatllla... jPuget Sound Portsill anilPier ft
Paul {Nome & St. Michael: 2 pm Pier 19
G. Lindauer j Grays Harbor | Pier —
Pomo jPt. Arena £z Albion! 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal j San Df?go & Way.! 9 amiPter 11
Argo Eel River Ports. ..I 4 pmiPier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos B.I o pm'Pier 16
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct....! 5 pm|Picr S
August 19. I J
Coronado... Grays Harbcr I 4 pmlPIer 10
Bonita Newport i "n r ay...l 9 amiPler 11
August 20. I |
G. XT. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll am|Pler 2t
City Peking. N Y via Ancon.!12 miPlcr 40
Pt. Arena... 'Point Arena 4 pmlPier 2
Redondo Astoria & Portland 6 pmlPier 2
August 23. I
Manchuria.. China & Japan 1 pmlPier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 ami Pier 9
August 25. I I
Nevadan... jHono. & Kahulnl.'13 mjPler 23
FROM SEATTLE.
Bteamer. Destination! Sails.
Valencia Fkagway & Way Ports. Aug. 15
Jtfferson Skagway &. Way Ports. Aug. 15
Garonne Nome direct Aug 15
Humboldt... Skagway & Way Ports. Aug! 15
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 15
Santa Ana... Scldo\-la & Way Ports. Aug 10
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Aug 10
City Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 19
Roanoke Nom« & St. Michael.. Aug. "0
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward. .. . .. (Aug °7
Movements of Steamers.
Tfc« rtearaer N«wport sailed yesterday for
the. Ittbtcus of Panama, and way ports with
a. general merchandise cargo, valued at $60.
•4T1. to be distributed as follows: For Mexico,
g£CS3; Ceatral America, SIT. "4: Panama,
»4291; Crrtonibia. »T2O; New York. $31,437;
Chile, |230; G«rrnAr:y, JtX; England, $252.
Tfce fotlowirg mere the principal exrwrts:
To Mexico— 61,638 ft Jnrnber. 50 Mis ehln
g'.es. 761 bdls ihooka, 18 pkga rclllwork, 20
pkgs groceries and provisions. 6 pkars pota
toes, 27 c» ca-nned goods, 700 lbs spices, 425
Jbs raisins, lo Cruins ammonia, 6 reels steel
oiWt. 2 bcUs cars, 4 pkgs paints an,l oils. 7
cs miaerai water. 1» pkg» ironware, 8 bdls
paper. 30 pkgs nails. M cs coal c'.!, 4 bdls 6
pes iron. 7 ba'ea oakum.
•To Centra: America— 26J> bbls ftosr. 17 ptegs
groceries «ad provisions, 12 cs canned goods.
L27 n» dried fruits, 1»> pfcrs table prepara
tiajjs, 10 cs whisky. Ci crts potatoes, 13.S*m ft.
lumber. 24»4 lb« tallow. 40.000 lbs cement, S
bales leather, tt cs dry goods, 7 ca sewing
excises, 49 pkg» nails and spikes. 4C95 ft
hardwood. 12 fkgs rcachir.err. &" cr ccal oil.
6« p*g» palstE an* oils, 4u bdls paptr, lt» pkgs
eiertr.eal supplies, f.7 pes pip*, 4»>54 lbs sul
phur. & tacks tar. 24 pes 4 bdia iron. 25 tons
ami.
To Pa^anr-.a — 525 bbls flour. 1216 gals rrtne,
50ft CRa onion*. 100 crts earUc. 60 crts pota
toes 5o cs canned salmon. 14 c» assorted can
ned goo-is, *.» cotlg rop», 26,821 ft lumber, 1«
pk.gs ship chandlery. •"£*¦
To Colombia— 139 bbl» flour. 2J c» canned
gooiii. 1 oil broom*. *• V
To New York— 73.063 gali wine, 134 gal»
knoflr, 5» tbis fi*3 oil. Stu.100 lbs dry hides.
;>".:-¦ lbs wool. 3 cs canned goods. 1 cs
Cr T^* Lor.doa— 1 ba> eeal akins. 23 pkg»
.Bbe::«. y
To Gemasy — 60 gali wine.
The Newport's Cargo.
NEUS OF THE OCEA>\
JAPANESE PORTS — Arrived prior to Au?
13 — Stmr Gaelic, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Hongkong.
CHERBOURG — Sailed, Aug 13 — Stmr New
York, for New York.
BRISBANE — Arrived Aog 13 — Stmr Aoran
ga. from Vancouver and Honolulu for Japan.
HIOGO— Arrived Aug 13 — Stmr Korea, from
San Frar.cLeco and Honolulu for Shanghai and
Hongkong.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Patricia,
for Hamburg; ttrr.r Minneapolis, for London;
stmr Ethiopia, for Glasgow; etmr Campania,
for Liverpool; stmr GTulia. for Naples Venice
and Trieste; stmr Philadelphia., for Southamp
ton, Plymouth ac<l Cherbourg; etmr Zeeland,
for Antwerp via 'Dover; stmr Princess Alice
for Bremen.
Arrived Aug 13 — Stmrs Etruria and Cedrlc,
from Liverpool.
aCANCHKSTTTR— Called Au* 12-—Stmr-Iberi
un, for Boston.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Avg 13 — Stmr Lucanla,
for New York.
Arrived Aag* 12 — Strsr Cestrlan from Boston.
HAVRE— Sailed Aur 13— Stmr La Lorraine,
for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Au» 1»— Btrar Vader
land. ff»r New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived At^ 13 — Stmr
Celtic, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Au» 13— Stmr Ara
bic, for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed Augr 13— Stmr Frederick
ficr Groase. for New York via Cherbourg
BOULOGNE— Sailed Aug 12— Stmr Bluecner
for New York. .-,"
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Augr 13— Stmr St
Paul, from New Ycrk via Cherbourg
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Au; 13— Stmr New
York, for New York. ¦: - -
NEW YORK — Arrived Aug 13 — Stmr La
Lorraine, from Havre.
HA RWICH— Arrived Aus 12— Fr barkVer
cif-*etorix from Portland.
SYDNEY— Arrived Aug 12 — Schr F M Slade.
from Aberdeen, end sa:icd Auj 12 for Mel
bourne.
HONGKONG— Sailed Aup 12— Br stmr
Hyades for Mojl.
WALMER— Arrived Aur 11— Br eh!p Colo
cJa! Empire, from Antwerp for San Francisco.
VEXTXOK-PatsM Au* 11— Fr ship Ver
cingetorir. from Astoria for Falmouth.
VICTORIA— Arrived Au« 12— Stmr Lyra, fm
Hongkong; Br stmr Princess Beatrice, from
Vancouver. Aujj 13 — Br stmr Oenfa. from
Hongkong.
Sailed Avg 12— Stmr Lyra, for Tacom*; Br
*trnr Amur, for Ala»ka.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Aug 13 — Br ¦tmr Cop
tic, for San Francisco via Honolulu.
CORONEL — Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Artzonan,
from Hilo and sailed Ang 13 for New York.
SAN BLAS — Sailed Aue: 12— Stmr Saa Jose,
for San Francisco.
OCEAX STEAMERS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— ?as«ed cat
Au» VI— Ship WUHam P Frye. from PhlladeU
pfcia for New York. - > ~-*^
REEDY TELAND— Passed Au* 12— Shi?
Kenllworth. from Philadelphia, for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Auc 12— Shi?
Ker.ilworth. for New York.
XEW YORK— Arrived Aujr 13— Ship William
P Fry*, from Philadelphia.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug IS— Ship Ha
rva'.iari Isles from Newcastle. NSTV.
Sailed Au* 12— Ship Tlllie E Starbuck. for
Hilo.
Sailed Ang II — Stmr China, for Yokohama
and Hongkong
KAHULUI— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr NeraSan,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTEP.X PORTS.
SAX PEDRO — Arrived An* 13 — Stmr Samoa,
hence Aug 11; t'.xr Santa. Cruz, from Port
Harford.
Sailed Auy 13 — Stmr Aleatraz. for San Fran
cJseo; strr.r Santa. Cruz for Port Harford.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Auy 13— Strar Bruss
ulck. for fan Francisco.
COOS BAT — Arrived Au* 13 — Stmr Alliance,
from Portland Or for San Franciaco, via Eu
reka.
VENTTTttA — Sailed Auz 13 — Stmr Noyo. for
San Francisco.
Arrived Au; 12 — Schr Luzon, hence July 26.
Sailed Aug 13— Schr TV F Jewett. for San
Franc'.sco: schr E K Wood for San Francisco.
TVESTPORT— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco
BAXDOX- Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Elizabeth,
for San Francisco.
dauer. for Eaa Francisco: stinr Chehalls for
San Francisco. Aus 12— Schr Mary E Russ.
for San Francisco; schr Volunteer, for San
Pedro.
h«cd column and tiie successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence a£ to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
Jay. except when there are but three tides, as
Eoroetiir.es occurs. The heights Riven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except Then a minus (— >
sign precedes the helpht. and th«n the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the chans. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Tbe Overdue List,
The rate of reinsurance on the Pio
nler Is Quoted at S5 per cent, and the
Earninount still stands at 20 per cent.
1EHIP HAWAIIAN' ISLES. "WHICH ARRIVED TESTEP.DAT AT HONOLULU
FORTY DAYS FROM NEWCASTLE, HAVING MADE ONE OK THE SMART
EST TRIPS BETWEEN THESE PORTS FOP. SOME TIME. !
Th? United States cruiser Boston
came down from Mare Island yesterday
and anchored off Folsora street wharf,
where she will remain. It is understood,
until after the Knights Templar con
clave. She will be Joined later by other
vessels of the Pacific squadron, includ
ing the New York.
Boston in Stream.
The chip Hawaiian Isles arrived yes
terday at Honolulu from Newcatle. N.
S. "W., having made the run from the
Australian port in forty days. This is
one of the smartest passages recorded
for some time. The Hawaiian I*les Is
owned In this city. She was built at
Glasgow in 1£S2 and Is a vessel of 2041
net tons register. She formerly sailed
under the Hawaiian flag, and by the
act of annexation acquired the right
to f.y the Stars and Stripes.
Makes a Smart Run.
Mrs. Jeffries has not been well for
the last few days and this seems to
worry the big fellow. He spends much
of his time with her, "attending to her
every want and "doing h«
can t&o/pieauca >ife£,* Billy- DelAney- ex
presses himself as.belng perfectly'sat
isfled with the form the big fellow has
shown.
¦ During the afternoon he lolled around
the hotel, swapping stories with Colo- '
nel Martin Brady, Eddie Hanlon, Dick '
Adams and other notable lights of the
sporting world who are at present at ;
the .Springs. After supper he again j
went into the gym and spent another
busy hour with the various apparatus. :
He has not done much boxing up to !
the present time, but will commence
to-morrow and his sparring partners ;
are getting ready fdr the big stunt. He
appears in perfect condition, though his
wind needs a little more tuning up, and I
he can also afford to take off a few =
pounds of superfluous flesh. There are
hints In the air that Jeff will weigh
fully 245 pounds when he enters the [
ring with Munroe. ' i
HARBIN SPRINGS. Aug. . 13.— The !
champion arrived at the Springs late !
last night after one of the hardest j
day's hunting he ever experienced. For j
more than twenty hours Jeff tramped i
and trudged through the wilds of the
Lake County Mountains without tast- j
ing a morsel of food. When he arrived ;
at the hotel he was tired, but the way j
he went to the big feed was a sight for
any weakling to behold.
- The big fellow brought back two
deer and about twenty doves. He was 1
so engrossed in the work of chasing the i
anflered beauties over the hills that he I
forgot all about eating. After he had ;
brought the two big bucks to the J
ground and filled his bag with the j
smaller game Jeff began to realize It j
was a long time between meals in the !
hills, so he turned his steps homeward, j
bringing with him a special appetite. j
The first place he made for was the !
pantry. Down into the refrigerator he ;
dug and brought out a couple of big
steaks, a handful of choice chops and '
some other things that looked good, j
The cook was told to get busy, and in !
half an hour the champ was punishing !
the good things for a fare-ye-well. j
He went to bed early, after satisfying '
his appetite, and arose In the morning •
looking fine and dandy. Before break- j
fast he did a ten-mile run and then felt i
like putting another big meal under his 1
belt. "When this task was complete the
big fellow took to the gym for an hour
or so and practiced on the various ma- ;
chines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Does Some Light Stunts in
the Gym and Proposes to
Begin Boxing Eight Away
The cabin passengers were: J. J. Ba
rillas. C. Velado, J. Velado. S. Frigue
raa, R. Frigueras, Dr. E. E. Hicks, D.
F. CastiUio, L. S. Crow. C. Donaldson
and family. Mrs. O. A. "Wallace. A. A.
"VTicslow and wife and Miss L Mitchell.
Among the passengers who left here
•yesterday on the Pacific Mall Com
pany's liner Newport, Captain Traek,
were some people of considerable prom
inence in the Central American political
and business world- The Newport
sailed at noon for Panama and way
ports. She carried a fun cargo, which
included a large shipment of California
wine.
Among the passengers was A. A.
Winslow, United States Consul General
at Guatemala. The Consul was accom
panied by his wife. C. Donaldson, Con
sul to Nicaragua, was also a passenger,
and with him Is his family. E. Velado,
Vice President of Salvador, also sailed
on the Newport.
The liner also carried twenty steerage
passengers and ten Chinese.
BEINGS DOWN TWO DEER
Among Those Who Leave on the Newport Are Two United
States Consuls, One for Guatemala, the Other for
Nicaragua — Salvador's Vice President- Also on Board
Trudges Over the. Mountains
for Twenty Hours Without
Tasting Morsel of Food
SAILS FOR THE CENTRAL AMERICAN
COAST WITH PROMINENT PASSENGERS
"JEFF" FORGETS
HIS APPETITE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904.
37
AD VERHSEMKXTS.
I WILL PAY $1,000 FORFEIT
For a ease of Kervom Debility. Varicocele, Sheumatism. Luna Back, Z*Toa1>aro. Sciatica, aay ease ef XMtm.tr SiMiN
that has not trone at far as Brlffht'a Disease. Indireation, Cocitipatloa or *nyweaixtes« which Z eanaol core wtttx my
"new Improved Belt, the marvel of the electricians, tha most wonderful curative device t&at ha* evex toaea tatrodaoed-
This Eelt is complete with Tsee Electrio Attachment for Weak Men.
This Electric Attachment carries the current direct and cures all weakness**, etc. It develop* and tt^"^« an
weak nerves. No case of Failing Vigor, Varicocele or Debility can resist the powerful Electrio Attachment. It never
fails to cure. It is free with Belts for weal: men.
No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that vital element which renders life worth liriae, Ne-
man should allow himself to become less a man than nature intended him. when there Is at band a certain cure for bis
weakness.
Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and r.erves. from which peopla suffer, ara da*
to an early loss of nature's reserve power. You need not suffer for this. You caa be restored. Tha very element
which you have lost you can get back, and you may be as happy as any man that lives.
THESE LETTERS SHOW WHAT I AM DOING
Sexual Weakness and nervous Be- 1 Lumbago, Kidney and Bladder Her and better in every way. I ara so
bility. Trouble. wel * pleased with tha improvement
Dr M a^SSiSffi 1 Cal ' *• n r tfT™^ July *' Shf&at Trfav^ev'eVy JSdeS.
ff^^^fe^^ D^ar C S if-rh^e ln worn your Belt very ifi? &?~^ C «"* * «
ff^^SS&^SS!S£ *>' » month and am im-
of very long standing (it commenced proving rapidly. I feel very much Juaj< <~fc±AKi*E3.
fifteen years ago) and all sexual stronger, and the pains In my back"
power had been lost for ten years. I are hardly troubling me at all, and I Varicocele. Prostatlo Trouhla aal
had tried many remedies In the way think thls v d worVc for 8Ucn a Oeneral Debility.
&?ln*Il£F3%*#£t&™ dl: -nort application of the treatment. „, 13th BU Sacramento, CaU
«pair. Ten days after commencing Tour3 respectfully. Dr. M. C. McLaughlin:
the use of your Belt I saw a remark- GEORGE B. FLINT. Dear Sir — I have worn your high
able improvement in my health. The . J grade Belt a little over a month, and
emissions stopped, I was able to grive _,. , __ Wi ... »m feeling very much better. I sleep
up the use of tobacco and intoxicating Vital weakness. well, have a good appetite and hava
drinks, for my system did not crave ¦nrvi.i,.,, urn c.,-ot««.t,*« r*=i gained four pounds In weight. The
any stimulant. My stomach and Whiskey Hill. Sacramento. Cal, varlcocel* Is disappearing, and there
bowrls are in good order, and this Im- March 10. Is very little evidence of any tnfiam-
provement is steadily increasing in Dr. McLaughlin: mation of the prostate gland. Taking
every way, so that I know that in a Dear Sir t ara Ke ttinff along very m y remarkable Improvement Into
very short time I will be able to tell _„ Yndeed u-Sr your treatment. I consideration. I must say that I am
you of my complete cure. wel1 ' iaa e ed - u..aer >our treatment. 1 very well piea^a wltn tne B elt.
Yours respectfully. am much stouter than when I com- Yours truly. -
H. WILLIAMS. menced the use of tha Belt, feel live- J. WARREN.
GST SO/WE LIF^E IINXO YOU !
What's the uso of dragging your legs about like a wooden man. Feel like a man of spirit. Away with the pains
and aches; off with 'this wretched feeling as if you wero seventy years old and had one foot in the grave. Ginger up!
Feel young and full of glee. That's ;he way a man ought to feel. Come and let me put life into your nerves; let me
give you a new* supply of youthful energy. Let me make you feel like throwing your chest out and your head up and
saying to yourself "III A MAH." Let me Rive you back that old feallng of youthful flre, vim and courage. I can da
it, so that in two months you will wonder that you ever felt aa slow and poky as you do now. Come and see me and I
will explain, and you can see how my system works. If you can't call, cut this ad out and send It to m« and I'll send
you a book, beautifully illustrated, that makes a man feel like being young again. Act to-day. Life is sweet. *o enjoy
every minute.
DR.I.CMclAUGHLIN,906 Market St. Above Eflis»S.F.
Hours^ — 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 1.CHICAGO, Aug. IS. — There- were no urgent
Inducements to buy . wheat on the early news.
On the contrary the Northwest reported the
weather nearly perfect for . the maturing . of
grain. The result wai further inroads on
value*. September opening %®l%c down at
$1 0001 OO',i. with moderately free selling by
local commission houses. Notwithstanding the
lower prices 1 there was .apparently a feeling
of confidence In the Inherent strength of the
market and this prevented the selling -crowd
from plunging. . - Most of the bears' put out
only small • short lines and. then rushed- to
cover at the first i Intimation of an upturn in
prices. Such an upturn occurred when buying
orders from outsiders came in. Minneapolis,
which at first was inclined to minimize the
late crop damage • reports, sent ¦ In alarming
messages and announced prices there stronger.
The Southwest, too. appeared to become sud
denly mistrustful -of conditions.- Both sections
*.>nt buying orders and the local crowd changed
front. Prices responded with a general ad
vance, September • touching $1 02%. The
strength was only . short lived, however. Tbe
new values. proved too. tempting to the holders
of long lines, to whom the crop damage news
bfccome less terrifying and in the conflicting
nature of which they scented danger If- their
holdings were carried over Sunday. A . com
plete reversal of sentiment followed -the realis
ing movement and before . the market steadied
again September i had - lost all of Us previous
gala and wms back at the lowest figure of. the
opening range. $1. A partial recovery occurred
In the last half-hour, when the bulls .took
bold of. th«. maxket again, < September rallying
Future Grain and Provisions.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sliver Is off a fraction again and New Tork
Exchange on Mexico and Continental on Lon
don also show a decline.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 54 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 80
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 9D
New York Exchange, sight.. — 07%'
New York Exchsnge, telegraphic. 10
Silver, per ounce — C8
Mexican Dollars : 46 ©40%
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Mexico. 216
Berlin on London '.20.47% !
Paris on' London .'. .25.2SH j
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— It was a holiday at Paris and
Liverpool futures wera lower.
Chicago continued erratic, as will be seen,
but closed lower. Damage reports continued to
come In from. the Northwest, but the area was
no longer spreading and some sections reported
conditions Improving. . In fact, them was con
siderable conflict in the,- reports. Thus, Min
neapolis sent in some bad reports from North
Dakota, while Snow, tbe statistician, sent In
some good reports - from the very same State.
The Northwest were heavy buyers.
.This market waa I steady at the advance
noted yesterday and futures were higher.
CASH WHEAT.
California .Club, $1- 40©l 45; California
White Australian, $165(9167%: Northern;
Club. $1 4O@>1 46; Northern Bluestem. $1 62%
©1 57% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Ewsion 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
' Open. High. Low. dose.
December ..41 45 $1.45% $1 44% $145%
BARLEY — The market was quiet 'and
featureless again ' yesterday, with cash grain
steady and futures easy.'. .
.: . CASH BARLEY. . ; ;
Feed, $1 0501 0S%; new Brewing -and "Ship
ping.- $1 12%©1 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%01 30
per ctl. . .¦ ¦ -¦•¦•¦• ¦•¦-.., -;.-..
--TUTURES. ••
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. 'va.
Open. High/ Low. Clow?.
December ...$1 08V4 SI 08% $1 08H $1 C8%
OATS— Closed the week quietly at un
changed prices. ' ¦ , ¦ . .
White. $1403145; Surprise, $1450150:
Red. ,$1 27%01 33 for ft.ed and $1 3501 87%
for seed; Black $1 25®1 35 for. feed and $1 40
©1 45 for aeed.
. CORN— Tne trade 1 report the market still
dull and without f ensure. ¦
-Western sacked, $1 47%01 BO for -Yellow and
White and $1,48@1 47% for Mixed: California
large . Yellow, $1 6001 67%; small round do, .
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
The week closed very quietly on the ex- j
changes, though there was some Increase In 1
the sales and tone of the Comstock mining
shares due to the proposed drainage of the '
flooded levels of the Gold Hill mines. There ¦
waa nlxo rather more movement In the oil
stocks, which have- been neglected of late.
Sales on the California Exchange last week ',
were 17,579 shares, valued at $8460. the lead- I
ing sales being as follows: Independence, 10,- |
000 shares; Monte Cristo. 3150 shares; Superior.
1000 shares: Wabash. 10GO shares; Claremcnt.
C50 shares: Four, 000 chares.
The Pacific Vinegar and Pickle- Works of
San Francisco has levied an assessment Of
$2 rer share, delinquent Septemoer 14.
The output of the Orhir mine last week
amounted to 167 mining carloads of ore, as
aavlng $17.44 per ten.
The Pacific Transfer Company of San Fran
cisco has levied an assessment of $1 per share.
: delinquent S<Dtember 12.
1 An assessment of 10 cents per share- was
' dellnoufnt yesterday on the capital stock of
the Lakeside Ditch Company.
The newly Incorporated Bank of Italy of this I
; city has organised by electing th-s following
officers and directors: A. Chlchlzola. presi- !
'dent: A. P. Giannlnl. vice Dissident: C F
Grondona. secretary: G. G. Carliere. cashlt-t'
1 and G. Iaccherl. L. Demartlnl. G. P. Levaggl
G. Ccsta. L. Scatena. J. F. Cavagnaro an<i 1
J J. Facran. directors. The n:w hank will
do a savings bnslnew at first and later may
embark In tbe commercial and trust busi
ness.
The' Pacific Portland Cement Comnany will
pay a dividend of 50 cents August 20.
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Aug. 13-12 m.
UNIT7CD STATE3 BONDS
Bid. Ask. I Vd ».fc
4s qr coup.-10«%107 \U qr cr» new l.'sisii-'*
4s qr- reJr...lOrt%lO7 |3« nr coun 105 if ¦',"'•
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS '*
Ala AW 5s. — — [Oak T Co Cs.Uft 120*4
Asso OU 5s. 70 — I Do 5s .. U0U —
Bay CPC 5s.lO2% — | Do con f.i — lt^U
Cal C G 5s.l01%104 [Oceanic S 5s! — :«2
Cal G & K «f . jOm Cable fis.121 . __*
m & ct 5s.- — 55 I Pae G Im 4s (an oxi?
Cal-nfC Bs.112% — IP E Ry 5s. 1O4%1CS '
C C Wat 9s. - 101 P ft CHtoitn* 1 -
T.Ah A P Bs. — — i»-*ORC»JU —
F ft C H Cs.112% — iPoweit-gt '**. — m
Geary-st 5«i.. — 85 *»e EO*m*. jn^joQ
•Do 6s .... 90% — Sierra R O..10i>
Hon H T «s.106%107 S P of A 6s '
I 1 £ ec . s '- — . — ««*» 1«7U10S
LARy5s..H5H— M010> 1OS%1C9
LALCob- — «S P of C 6»
Do gtd ««. — • — (19fi«13r A.103U _»
Do gtfl 5t. — 103%\ (1905)Sr B.104H -i. '
Comstock Shares Strengthened by
Proposed Mine Drainage.
STOCK MAEKET.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
- MELONS — Cantaloupes, 50c©$l 25' per crate;
Nutmeg: Melons 20@35c per box; Watermelons
S3018 per hundred". ••• '
GRAPES— BOc@Sl for small boxes and cratea
and 75c@«l for open boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 60<?2 75 per
box for Valenclas: Lemons. $2 26®2 75 for
fancy. $1 25Q1 75 for choice and 75c@$l 23 for
standard: Mexican Limes $494 60 per case;
Bananas, $1 5083 per bunch for Central Ameri
can and 75c<9$l 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapple*.
$1 25^2 per dozen. ' .
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 4O0>65e per crate
and 25<B35c per small box; Plums In bulk.
$7 50®15 per ton.
NECTARINES— 75c®$l 25 per crate for red
and for white. ,
FIGS— 60e®$l 25 per box for black and 600
75c for white. •
PEACHES— Small boxes. 30®€0c; carriers,
60ft iOc;. small open boxes. 5O@75c; lug boxes,
75c{i$l. . '
STRAWBERRIES— *3®« r>er chest for Long
worths. 54®C for Alviso Berries and $3©5 for
the larger varieties.
BLACKBERRIKS-^Sl 50353 per chest. •*>•
RASPBERRIES— S5©9 per cheat
HUCKLEBERRIES— S&lOc per lb
APPLES— ?1 10P1 50 per box for. fancy. 85c
6$1 for choice and 50!@75c for common- Crab
Applpf. COc for small boxes and $1 25 for' large
PEARS— Bartlctts, 75c©$l 15 for No 1 ln
cludlr.fr wrapped stock; No. 2, 25@i0c rer'box-
In bulk. ?2C#30 prr. ton. . '
The fruit market was badly congested,
stocks of nearly all descriptions being exces
sive, and. although trade was active, both
locally and for shipping account, there was a
heavy surplus unsold at the clo*e. The best
lots of Peaches, Pears and Apples In wrappers
were in good request for shipping and brought
steady prices, but there was an abundance of
low-grade offerings of those and other fruits to
be had at eaey rates. All. of the canneries
were running to full capacity on Bartlett
Pears, but they wer« heavily supplied with
contract stock and purchased but- a compara
tively email quantity In the open market.
Pluma and Prunes rultd very weak, except, for
a few varieties, which were wanted for export
and they commanded a small premium. Plums
In bulk were steadily accumulating ' owing to
tho lack of demand for canning purposes. Figs
were in ample supply' and sold at wide rang«
as to size of package and quality. Canta
loupes and Nutmeg Melons were a glut on
the market and the top rates were obtained
only in a peddling way for small parcels.
Watermelons, too, wt re easier under excessive
supplies. Grapes were plentiful and of poor
quality generally. Th* best lots of Black and
Muscat sold for shipping at OoftSOc per crate
while. Tokay touched $1. Small boxes of all
varieties were weak at 50@60c. Berries cleaned
up pretty well and occasional sales of Rasp
berries and large Strawberries were reported
at a slight advance over the top quotations.
Citrus and -Tropical fruits : were plentiful and
generally dull.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour. Q.r ska . . S.310! Hides. No 247
Wheat, ctls 5Sfi Pelts. No 90
Oats, ctls 4.W0 Tallow, ctls ... 218
Beans, sks 218 Quicksilver, files. - 2O
Potatoes, sks .. 8,546 Leather.' rolls ... 17»
Onions., sks ... 4P5 Wine, gals 62,625
Hay. tons l,0T>2 Paper, reams.... 90
Wool, bales ... 159 Lime, bbla .... ig2
Hops, bale .... 1
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 13.
Receipts of Produce.
Foreign Futures.- - -
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Dec
Opening 6 11% 7 1%
Closing .....; ;.; 6 UT4 7 1%
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening . Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour 1 — ¦
Opening Holiday.
Closing •. Holiday.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOTJIS, Aug. 13. — Wool steady to firm:
medium ''grades, combing and clothing, 20®
25%c: light, fine, 16@20c; heavy, fine, 12@16c;
tub washed. 22©25%c,,
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. • 18— WHEAT— 8hlpplng:
Walla Walla. 74c; bluestem. 78c; valley, 79c.
Milling: Walla Walla, 75c; bluestem. 79c;
valley. 8I0. • ::
.. , WASHINGTON ,.
TACOMA, Aug. 13.— WHEAT— Bluestem,
81c; dub, 73c.-
Northern Business.
SEATTLB. Aug. 13.— Clearings, $678,404;
balances, S1S9.166.
TACOMA. Aug. 13. — Clearings, $305,896;
balances. $16,281. ¦• . - -
PORTLAND. Aug. IS.— Clearings, $407,551;
balances, $40,718.
SPOKANE. Aug. 13.— Clearings. JS34.640;
balances, $45,136.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands 25Q'23c
for extras and 24.1?24V5C for firsts; dairy. 10©
22c; store Butter, 15<S17e: Eastern creamery,
10Vj<320.;; Eastern ladle-packed. 14gl5Vic per
pound. ' - •
CHEESE: — 0@10c for choice mild new and
8(SSV4c for lower grades; Toung Americas 11®
ll^o; Oregon. 8@10c; Eastern, 10®15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 26®28c for choice and 22%©
25c for fair to good; store. lf>@22c: EasterrT,
;4c for firsts. 21@22c for seconds • and
19®20c for bakers'.
Largo lines of Oregon Cheese are offering
and »hcy ke»p the Cheese market depressed,
though fine Cheese shows no weakness. Some
alterations in quotations will be noticed.
Choice ranch Eggs are higher and firm and
quotations for . Eastern descriptions show a
wider range as to quality. There is no scar
city in any kind and the demand Is not active
Receipts w«re 61,800 lbs Butter, 773 cases
Eggs and 1200 lbs Cheese.
Butter closed the week firm as to fancy
creameries., but easy and dull for everything
else, as the demand is now largely for the
Eastern and storage goods. There Is not the
bullish tone to the market observable several
days ago. and.jorae houses think that the ad
vance Is beginning to check the demand.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry closed the week very dull, with a
heavy accumulation of California fowl lying
around unsold. Dealers were making liberal
concessions in order to effect sales but to
no avail, and large lines had to be held over.
Four cars of Western" 'were marketed since
Monday and what came in toward the end of
the week had td be sold at reduced prices.
A car of- Western Is scheduled for to-morrow's
market. Game ws.i in good request and Wild
Doves were quoted higher. ¦• ¦
FOULTRT— Live Turkeys. 16@18c per lb;
Geese, per pair. $l'50#l 13; Goslings, SI 75S2:
Ducks. $4-50<?5 r»er dozen for old and $4 5C£J
5 60 for you ny: Hens, $4®5 50; young Roos
ters. »5 5Of6 50; old Roosters.. $4®4 50;-Fry
ers. S3 5C3>4; . Broilers $2@3; .Pigeons. SI 60
per dozen for bid and SI 25@l 50 for Squabs
GAME— :WJld Daves. 76®85c per dozen: Hare.
$1 25 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits • SI 50®
1 75 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7MO
7%c per lb; Whits Lead. 7U©7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — Prices have been advanced .10c.
The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6.10c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags jonly). ; Confectioners'
A 6c: Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c;
Golden C. 5.40c; "D." 5.30c: barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. C.50c; boxes. 6.73c; H. & E. Crystal
Domtnoe, 0c per lb. No orders taken for less
than seventy- flve barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19Hc; Astral. 19U e ;
Star. l»Vic; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk
16c: In cases. 22%c; Bensme. In bulk. 13c; la
cases, l'JVjc: 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 25c;
in cases. 31c. .
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
COAL — Prices for Rocky Mountain descrip
tions have, been .changed. Wellington, SS
per ton; New Wellington. S-S; Seattle.
SO 50; Bryant. S6 50: Beaver Hill.
$5 50; Stanford, S7: Roslyn. $7; Cons
Bay, S5 50; Greta. S7: Wallsend. S7; Richmond.
17 50; Cumberland. J13 In bulk and $14 25 in
racks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. (14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh Lump,
$11 60; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 SiVjri.;
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain 1 descriptions. $3 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cas<»«
add 6c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
85c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. caseY." $1* 10Q1 12;'Lucol. 50c for
boiled and -4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
CS'gSOc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In .barrels.
.V>e for Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm OH. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, 67c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard OH. 75c; No. 1 Lard OU. «5c:
pure Neatsfoot OU. 73c; No» 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
«3c: light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
Finn Oil. 35c: boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil 31c
BAGS — Grain Bags. $5 15$5 25: Pan Quen
tln. Si 75; Wool Bags. 80©32c: Fleece Twine
7%c: Fruit Bags. 6%67%c for white and 7o
for brown Jute.
General Merchandise.
Nciv York Money Market.
NEW TORK. Aug. IS.— Close, money on
call, nominal; no loans. Time laans steady,
to days. 2 per cent; 90 days. 2« t per cent; six
mor.thf. 3H per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4341* per cent.
Sterling exchange barely steady, with ao
tual buslneis In bankers' bills at $4.feS10®
4.8S20 for demand and at f4.8535g-4.SMO for
sixty days bills; posted rate*. |4.86@4.8« 1 4
and S4.c9$4.S94; commercial bills, S*.s4V tf
USa%.
Bar silver, tie.
Mexican dollars. 45»ic.
Government bonds steady; railroad bonds •
firm. 1
Nezv York Stocks and Bonds. =
NEW TORK STOCK LIST. :
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. CI09-. 1
Atchison 29,600 SI T8*i 81 '•
Atchison pfd 1.KJ0 OTIi • «7'< 07Si
Bait & Ohio 2.C00 S6?i ! 86«, |
Bait *: Ohio pfd 'M' '
Canadian Paclfle... 1.900 12S 127»4 127% !
Central of N J ' 104^1
Cherap & Ohio 3,200 37H S8% ;I7» 4 !
Chl & Alton 400 40% 40 . 4(»V« I
Chl St. Alton pfd ' ...'.' SOVi i
Chl & O Western. 600 15 14 T 4 14 7 »
Cbt & Northwestn. 100 1S2 182 182'i i
Chl Mil * 6t Paul. 6.600 149*i 140% 149^, I
Chl Mil A St P pfd 179%
Chi Terra ft Trans ah,
Chi Term L T pfd. 400 15% 15U 15U
C C C & Rt Louis ;. 7484
Colo Southern .... 700 14*4 . 14^ 14%
Colo South 1st pfd. 1,300 50^ 49V- 50»i
Colo South 2d pfd; 200 22 21 V> 21 %
Pel & Hudson 700 101%, 101 " 161 ' j
Del Lack & West 270 ¦
•Denver i R G .... 22H I
Denver * R G pfd. .... .... .... 72^4
Erie..;. *.... 2.1C0 25% 25ft. 25i,
Erie 1st pfd 800 64 63«i «3m»
Erie 2d pfd 200 38*4 38 SS% i
Hocking Valley ... 400 70^, 70 70
Hocking VsJ pfd.. 1,100 82^ ' 82 S2»i I
Illinois Central 100 134'i 134>i 131'i \
Iowa Central 100 19U 10% 19% i
Iowa Central pfd.. : 200 S7H ' 37% 37H
K C Southern 21 Vs
K C Southern pfd. ¦ 100 44 : 44 ' 44
Louis & Nasa' .... - 200 HSH 11S^- 11SH
Manhattan L 100 150»i . 150*i - WO^
Metropolitan Seca.. 25.000 93'{ fK% S3
Metropolitan • St Ry .6,000 123«W 122yi 123
Minn & St Louis.. 100 51 51 51 ¦
M St P & Sit St M 300 75 74% 74H
M StP&SItStM p'd 12'jk
Missourt Pacific .. 8.600 B4% B4V4 01%
Mo Kan & Texas.. 2.100 20H 20>4 20U
Mo Kan «c Tex pfd 700 43 \t 43 Vs 4S%
N R R of Mex pfd .W-i
N T Central 1,800 120 119*4 120'
Norfolk & Western 300 C2% «2*4 t)2»i
Norfolk it W pfd 00
Ontario & Weetern 100 31 H 3l>,4 31 u
Pennsylvania 31.000 122% 121H 122
Pitts C C & St L 64^
Reading 8.100 54% 54% 54%
Heading 1st pfd.. St
Reading 2d pfd ... 200 72 71H 71U
Rock Island Co 4,100 24U 23% 24 :
Rock Island Co pfd -400 66 % COV4 ij6%
Bt L & S F 2d prd. 2,100 68 «, 5S Wi%
St Louis S W i&ta
St Louis S W pfd. COO 374 37 371,
Southern Pacific .. 84.800 56»» 54 T4 .%.",%
Southern Railway.. 2,3<X) 2C S 4 20^ Sttfli
Southern Ry pfd.. 400 91 H 5)1 'i ti'ii
Texas A Pacific ... 1,400 29 2S% 2STh
Tol St L 4 West.. 500 2«J»i 2« 25^
Tol St L A W pfd. 100 39 SO SS
Union Pacific 14,300 9S% 07*4 11x14
Union Pacific pfd 03U
Wabash 200 17% 17% 17",
Wabash ofd 400 37H 30% 37
W & Lake Erie .... 14U
Wisconsin Central n^i
Wisconsin Cent pfd ....f .40 ;
Mexican Central 400 0% »& 9% !
Kxpiess Companies —
Adams 225
American : ° 195
United States - 105
Wells-Farro 211
Miscellaneous — j
Amalg Copper 7,800 81 MtJ . ,13^ .
Amer Car & Found 300 19 1S% 18% I
Amer C * F pfd... 100 79- 79 78
Amer Cotton Oil... 600 33$i 33 32%
Amer Cot OU pM 91
Amer Ice c T &
Anver Ice pfd 200 27'^ 20% 27
Amer Linseed Oil 91A
Axaer Un Oil pfd 2GV4
Amer Lo^omctlve.. 1,000 2274 ~Vi • 22^
Amerl/OcopM ...... . ... . ,.. 8S><.
Amer Smelt & Ref. 3,100 60% 6OV4 60 "
Amer 8 A R pfd... COO 104 *„ lot 104>£
Atner Sugar. Ref 4.200 133% 153% 133%
Anaconda Min Co • 73 v s
Brook Rapid Tran. 77. COO 54H 58% 04 >{
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 37% 37 36V 4
Cbnsolldatod Gas.. 300 105% ir»5'4 . lt>.1%
Corn Products 400 12% 11% 12V4
Corn Products pfd. SCO 66 CO €fl>-4
Distillers' Securl... t 27V1
General BJectrle.... 100 164 MM . 1«!
International Paper ; 3.R00 15>4 14^ 151^
Intemtl Paper pfd. 300. 71" B 71Ti 71% |
Intemtl Pump 31 H j
Intemtl Pump pfd. 7f> I
National L«ad .... 100 23% 23 23
North American .... 8S>4
Pacific Mall 400 2S% 2S>4 28H 1
People's Gas 1,800 101=4 101 14 101% |
Pressed Steel Car.. 400 31 tj 33% 33 u I
Pr Ste«! Car pfd .... r «5
Pullman Pal Car 217
Republic Steel .... 800 7% 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 300 43H 43^ 43%
Rubber Goods ;. 17% I
Rubber Goods pfd.. 200 79',^ 79 78>A
Tenn Cbal tc Iron .... 44%
V S Leather 400 7H i <, ' 7%
U S Leather pfd... SCO 8i\4 84% 84U.
U S Realty *t*l
It E Rubbsr..' j»!i
U S Rubber pfd 7414
V S Steel ' 7.70O 12Vt '11% 12»A
IT S Steel pfd...... 25,400 C0% 59 CO
W»«Unghouse Elec. 100 15D 159 15S%
Western Union .... .... 89
Total sales 312.400 ebarea.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK, Aug. IS. — No bond transactions
to-day.
i.r, AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4H. aiked 4%; prererred, bid
42%. asked 42?£.
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4% L & . N unified 4s. 101 U
Do coupon ....104% Man con gold 4s.l05 a i
Do 3s rec 104% Mex Central 4s... f.l
Do coupon ....105 Do lat inc l.iu
Do new 4s rcg.131 (Minn & St L 4s.. MK
Do coupon .-...131% M, K & Texas 4s. 100
Do old 4s reg.lOSH Do 2ds ......... 78U
Do coupon 106% NR of Mex con 4s 75W
Atch gen 4s 10.1% N T C gen 3Hs.. 99%
Do adj 4s 93H N J C gen 5s!...132S
Atlantic C L 4s. H0V, Nor- Pacific 4s 1C5U
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103% Do 8s ... .. 74
• Do S%s f<5 Nor A W con 4s. 101%
Central of Ga Gs.110% OSL 4s. & partlc. fi5U
Do 1st Inc 83% Pa conv 3«s 88
Ch^s * Ohio 4HS.1C7 Reading g»n 4s... 99
Chl tt Alton 3U«. 78 . S L Sc I M con 5s llOTi
<'. B * Q new 4«. O7>4 S L * S F f jt 4s. 82%
CM & PP gn 4S.108 Bt 1y>uln SW lsts. WU I
C * NW con 7s.l2Jj% Seaboard A L 4s. 74V.]
C. R I & Pae 4s. .72% So Pacific 4s 05
, - Do colBs 82% So Railway 6s.... 117
.CCC w & SLfn 4s.l01% Tex & r Pac. l«U.JiaSt
.. Chicago.
CHICAGO. Aug. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts.
200. Nominal. Good to prime steers, $5@ti;
poor to medium $4<34 90; stockers and feeders.
S2®4; cows, *1 25@4; heifers. »2S>4 75: con
nerfl, $1 25@2 40; bulls $2fr4; calves, $2 50®
6; Texas fed steers, $Sff4; Western steers,
?3 50(iH 50. ¦ ¦• ¦•¦ .
HOGS-rReceipts 7000; Monday. 25.000. Mar
ket 6310c higher. "Mixed and butchers, $5 050
5 85; good to choice heavy. $5 1005 30; rough
heavy, $4 &5®6 10; lights, $5 SO-tfS 40; bulk.
55 10<85 30.
SHEEP — Receipt?, 2000. She«p and lambs
steady. Good to choice ; wethers, $3 60® t 15:
fair to choice mixed, *2 75ST3 50: Western
sheep. $2 75JN; native lambs, $3 75®6; West
ern lambs. S3 7S90: common and stockers, $2
G;4 30; lambs. SI 75(S6.
. • . . Kansas City..
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 13*. ~ CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 1500. Steady. Native steers. S3 7S«?
6 75; native cows 1 and heifers, SI 75®4 75;
stockers and ' feeders, $2 00^4 50;. bulls, $225
<gQ 50; calves. $2 60©4 *5; Western steers,
SJ ~3'STi £5; Western cows. $1 75#3 50.
HOGS— Receipts 3H00. 6 to 10c higher; bulk.
$4 90€5 10; heavy. $4 9065; packers, $1 00®
5 10: pigs and lights. $4 7S$5 20.
SHEEP — Receipts, none. Nominally steady.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Aug. 13— CATTLE—^Receipt*. 200.
Market unchanged. Native steers, S3 f.W?5 60;
cows and heifer*. $2 5O@3 75: Western steers,
$3ff-4 60; Texas steers, $2 5093 65; range cows,
and heifers. $2ig?3 50;-canner». $1 I5B3: stoek
ers and feeders, |2 50^3 SO; calves, $.305; bulls
and stags. S2ig3 75 ' • "
KOGS — Receipts 2000 10c higher: Heavy.
U B5&< J>q; mixed. S4 B0#3; light. S3 5XXS5 U;
pig5. $4 60<?4 00; bulk, $t 05C«. ¦ '¦ '•>'-¦
¦ SHEEP— iRecelpts, 700. Steady." Western
jtarlin gs. $3 60©4, 25; I i wethers, , S 3 25®S • 60 ;
fewes, $2 75«4 60.. . - .., ¦•': .t,,
I Miscellaneous Markets. |
¥¦ ¦—. -»
I CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS. |
MentMarkC.
The only change is a decline in dres?e<l
Hors. The Whole line of Meats Is weak, with
well-supplied markets and a light demand.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5®«%c for Steers and 4ff3e per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 307c; small. 7©8c per Ifc.
MUTTON — Wethers. 738c: Ewes. 6'j{J7c
per lb. .
LAMB— »S9He r*r lb.
PORK — Dreseed Hogs. ft©8a per lb. *
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco less £0
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 7>«07Hc; Cows and
Heifers. SHS-GHc; thin Cows. 4®5e per Ib.
CALVES »«4>4e per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers. 3HC3%c; Ewes. 3^3\ia
per lb (gross weight). <*•>>*<»
LAMBS— $2 50«2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs 4«e
200 to 250 lbs, 4 He; 130 lbs and under 4',c."
over 250 lbs. 4T4c; soft Hogg, nominal ;" Sows'
20 per cent off; Boars. 60 per cent oft and
Stags. 40 per cent off from above, quotations.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— On. the .Produce Ex
obanze to-day 'the butter market was firm;
creameries. 13@17Vic; dairies, 12'2fl5c* eggs,
steady. lSfflTc; cheese, steady, 7%@$Vic. •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Potatoes ruled weak, at sharply reduced
prlce3 and the market was badly congest- d
with low-erade river Burbanks. which have
been accumulating for several days. Ship
rnents to the Southwest have about ceased and
local dealers are of the opinion that the mar- |
Keta In that region are being supplied from '
points in th« middle West, which have the ¦
advantage of lower freight rates. Sweet Po- ;
tatoes from Merced and Stockton were selling \
at 3©3%c per pound while river lots sold
slowly at 2©2»4c. Onions were in compara- I
tlvelv light supply and prices were main- I
talned with a moderate drgree of firmness. !
Miscellaneous vegetablrs were- generally I
weak, with .supplies of all descriptions far In
excess cf the demand Strictly fancy Toma
toes were fairly nrm. but the receipts Included j
much rioor stock, which dragged at unsteady ;
rates. The other vegetables moved freely under
the usual extra demand for Sunday wants,
but there was a heavy surplus of all kinds
still unsold at the close. . ;
I POTATOES— New Ilurbanks from the river. I
C0cg$l per ctl In sacks and 85c<ff$l 25 per !
ctl In boxes; Salinas Burhanks. $1 25®1 40 per '
ctl; Early Roae, nominal; Garnet Chiles,
85C©$L
ONIONS— SI 10#l 35 per ctl
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, SOcffll 25 per
sack; crates from Alameda, 7Cc®51 25; from
Berkeley. C0<375c; String and Wax Beans, nom- !
Inai; Lima Beans. 2®2^c per lb; Tomatoes in '
small boxes, nominal: large open boxes, 4C®e5c ,
for river and 65#75c for bay; Summer Squash ;
35©5Oc per box; Cabbage. 75c per ctl; Carrots^
SI per sack: Cucumbers. 25@40c per box;
Pickle Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic. 464 He
per Ib; Egg Plant. 33@50c per box; Dried
Pepper*, nominal; Green Okra, 40@50c per box;
Green Peppers. 254150c per box; Marrowfat
Squash. S15320 per ton. !
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Bank Clearings. ]
Local Lark clearings for the week just j
•cded were S2S.327.62ti, against S30.tH0.991 for
the «nif week last year, showing a decrease !
«f «2.1i::.4t». Tbe cl- tiimtr for th« corre- I
•pending A.ek in 1002 were S2Z.ZCG.-ll. ¦
Frtut Crop Summary. j
FVuit crop summary compiled from the tele
«rarh:e reports to the United States Agricultur
al Department for the week enfiing with Au
gust 6:
New England— Plums and ~ears uneven;
berries plentiful, except cranberries uncertain;
tobacco good, topping progressing; corn mak
ing rapid growth, lwgt crop-.
New y..ru— Apples and grapes promising, but
aori* rot; peaches and pears light.
,-\ew J«r*«y— Fall and winter apples fair Jn
places, nearer- in ethers; heavy hailstorm night !
of 2Sth prostrated com and blew much fruit :
from the trees in central section.
Pennsylvania— Yield and quality of apples
better than expected; pears and plums general
ly plenttful; complaints of grape rot numerous
Marj'Snd and Delaware — Plums, pears, ap
ples and peaches in market; tomatoes doing
1 Virginia — Apples scarce.
Ncrth Carolina— Peanuts backward; apples
scarce; oiber fruit fair
Fieri Ja— Citrus fruits 'and pineapple* doing
Alabama— Peaches and melon* plentiful.
Arkansas — Peachec good; apples fair.
• T f m>'*'*-e — Fruit crop promising.
Miwcurl — Short crop cf peaches; other fruits
faJr. ,
Iilino:» — Grapes and plums promising; apples
and peaches scarce. •
Indiana— Apples and peaches migering from
blight.
Weet Virginia— Light crops of applet and
peaches indicated; grape* abundant.
Ohio — Arples Inferior; peach** ssnall; rnnu
rotting. "~~~
Michigan— Applea. plums and crapes geacr
a.Iy premising.
Wisconsin — Apples fair crop.
Iowa— Apple* doing well, except some local
darnagr by heavy wind».
Kansas— Apples dropping.
Oklahoma and Indian Terrttorlea— Crapes
and melons light to good.
Montana — K.gh winds damag»fi apple crop
in places.
Colorado — Beets and fruits excellent; melons
late. b-j.t promising.
Weather Report.
<12f*th Meridian. Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 13—5 p. re.
Th* rc>licwlng maximum and minimum tera
rcratures are reported for the previous day:
Brstoa 04-56 New Orleans ....86-74
Cincinnati {to-«4 Philadelphia ....76-03
JackBonviile gA-74 Washington 7&-3»
tX. Louis 88-74 New York 7«-6«
EAN FRANCISCO 66-53
THE COAST RECORD. ~
= S K V » x
= 5=33 S Z g # %
STATIONS. I g-Jg |S f I
; • * ; - :
Eaker S0.00 94 M N Clear !ob
£«•*•?" 2y»4 88 42 W Cloudy .00
Eur*ka 30.12 60 50 NW Cloudy 00
JFV«rno ... ...2M.JM102 «O K CToudy .uo
fcE. FarsJlon.30.tU5 C5 C2 NTT Cloudy .((0
S l8 * Ft « <I 23-»S 7« 60 NW aoudy .02
Pocstello 30jiO 90 60 W Clear 00
Lr.s Angeles.. .23.94 00 62 B Pt.Qdy !l2
MC 85 C3 N Cloudy .00
North He*u... 30.00 60 EO NTV Clear 00
Phoenix 29R4 102 T6 S Cloudy T.
Pt. Bcrea Lt.2a.09 tn r>2 nw Forgy .00
Poland 2» US 88 t8 NW CTear .00
Red Bluff ....53.sk> 102 6S SE Clear .00
Itofc^burg 29.0« 84 $2 SW Clear .00
fcacra:n*nto ..^t.94 >« 50 S Clear 00
Salt I^ke .50 04 86 68 NW Cloudy T
Bar. Francisco.3u.02 68 62 XV Clear 00
B. L. OM«po..=a.»3 M t2 SE Clear ioo
Fan Dl*ro 2».»8 78 W NW Cloudy T.
6«**'t> 30.04 64 DO NW Clear .00
Spokane »30.<"i2 »4 SO NW Pt.Cldy .00
I'atoosh SO 00
Walla Walla.. » 94 US 68 SW Pt.Cldy !oo
Yllnneroueca. .l"9.»g 90 60 NE Pt.Cldy .00
V^ma_^^ :^.. .29.00 02 74 W dear .00 '
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unsettled weather Is reDorted In Southern
f.si'.romia, Arizona and Southern Utah
Thunderstorms have occurred at Los Angeles.
Fis.pt tafl and JJoOna. RaJn has fallen at Los
Anvclrs and Han Diesn.
. V\'arrc weathtr continues over the northern
half ,,r the raeific Slop*. Afternoon temper
ature* in Oregon. Washington and Idaho range
trota 90 to 102 decrees. Warm weather Is
sJ*o repcrted along the coast of California
from San I>ais OUkso southward.
Fcg prevails at tie Faralloses and Point
BsHTCflk
Forecast -mad. at Saa Francisco for thirty
hour*, ending midnight, August 14;
Northern California— Fair Sunday, exoept
probable thunoerstcrns In the mountains; light
sauthr-rly winds. •
Bouthern C&lifonsia— Unsettled weather Baa
cay, p««slbrjr showers and probably thunder
storms In the mountains ; light southerly
wlnCa.
Nevada— Cloudy Eendsy, possibly thunder
storms i» the mountains.
Ean Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday
wanner in the morning; light southerly winds
changing to fre»h westerly.
A. G. MeADIE. Ldstrict Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 8 p. m..
120th meridian time. Saa Francisco. August 10.
3733 So S
STATIONS. |||g || |- .
aoverfla'.a .96 f.2 Clear .00
Cclura ...; 94 .60 Clear .00
Bureka 60 to NW Cloudy .00
Ttttao 102 CO E Cloudy .00
Hsntcrd .1 103 Cl Clear .00
HoIIister 99 4« W CTear .00
King City m M N Clear .00
Liveraore 95 C2 Clear .00
Lou Angeles »O « I Pt.Cldy .12
Merc*d i.104 «»- -Clear .00
Napa 60 r,i S Clear. .00
Newcastle 100 SS XT Clear' .00
Nitnau 102 .v> .... Clear - .00
PaJermo 101 67 .... Clear .00
PortervlH* 101 «4 Pt.Cldy .00
Red BlaS 112 CS SE C1«ar .00
RJ\-er»ld« 83 63 Clear .00
F«wrsniento 94 M B Clear .00
Pan Uiego 78 6« NW Clear . Tr.
fiaa FrancUc* C5 S2 W Clear .00
Ean Jos% 63 65 .... Clear .00
Saa Lulu OLirpo...>4 :.2 SE* Clear .00
B«.r.ta Maria 78 TA .... Clear .00
Eanta Rosa S2 B2 .... Clear .00
Btocfcton <9O «2 .... Clear .CO
Wi'.lows 97 64 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa — Pi-unes ripping rapidly; pear plck
trr r»arly Cnish*3; Isrre cro:i.
Willow* — Apple crop large. '
Fan J/;e — Toinstce* plentiful; Quality es.
cellw.t. .
Holiiitter — Eartlett pears yielding better than
aat.icip3.ted: prunes ripening fsrt.
Naps — Warm weather be.nef.tlng fruit crop.
J£«rred— H'4. w*tther ravorable for flet: -
Baata Maria— Light crop apricots dried; oats
and barley yielding well; beans light; beets
heavy.
Cloverdale — Apricots very light.
Palermo — Hay about secured and marketed;
crop* light. - • •
Hanford — Good tomato crop; excellent bar
ley and hay crop.
Livcrmore — Threshing nearly finished.
Newman — Condition* unchanred.
Stockton — Heavy shipments of Bartlrtt pear*
arriving at canneries. A. G. MeADIE.
* _*
i EASTEBN 3IAKKETS.
LAP lcra 8s.lOH4 — (1906) 108 —
Mkl-st C 6S.114 — (iai2> 118 11T
Do lem 5s. 115 — SPC 1 eg Sa.115% —
MV& MtT5s.lO2 — Do stampd-109t,l00ti
NRP. of C6s.lO5>4 — S P B R «a.l32*i —
Do 5a 117\ — 3 V Wat fls.107 10T;,
N P C R 5S.103 106 Do 4s 2dm. H3H1C0 ?
S C Ry 8s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dtn. M\ —
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do g mt«4» 0-i •—
N S R R Rs.101 — Stkn QAK«a. V* —
0 G LAH 3s.H0 111 UG it B fta.103 —
O W gtd Cs. — 100
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 38 I Port Coats... — —
Matin Co... — CO |s V Wat Co. 8«% IT
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L &.P. 3M — IS F C. A E. 60V, «»4
Mutual EL.— It I Stkn O ft E. 4Va 5Vi
PM L Co... S*1i 39 I U G A E C<x — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl n!t..lC7Vi — |L P 4 A — 153
Anglo-Cal ..85 86 iMer Trust 212^i —
IUnk of Cal.420 — Merch Ex.. . . 31 00
Cal Safe Dp. — ISO 3 P NatlonL —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2290 £330 Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.330 400
Mutual Sav. 1C0 105 Union T Co..— —
S F Sav U.605 MO |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 — j Presidio 40> 43
Geary — — |
POWDER.
Giant CO — iVigorit — S
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — — (Kliauea S C — 4
Hawaiian C. 53 — |Makaw«li C. 23% 24^4
Honokaa S C 12% 13 lOnomea S C. 2fl»i SO
Hutch S P C H> BUlPaauhau S C. 14'
' MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. in 123 ; Oceanic S Co..—' 4W
Cal F c A. — iw> tPac Aux FA. — «
(a! Wine A. 82% — i rac C Borx. — —
MV& UtTov 9J — (
SALES.
Morning Session.
Hoard —
9O Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 53 CO
$2.0W» Hawaiian Coml & Sujcar 5s..:.tC0 10
*o,OiX> Market-st Uy 1st con 5s 113 o«»
$2.1X0 S F-& S J V 5 per.ent 117 ea>i
IA0UO S 1' Cal lit con 5s 'stamped). .K9 »
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock. Eld. Ajked.
Apollo 4( j
Associated Trust Cert 19 20
Aztec j\fl
California Standard .... in
("arlbou ~,.. r 4 a •am
Chicago crude ....:.. :.r.. ;f :: . ¦ \i
<.laremont> ; • af> ¦¦•.--
Four , . **XO
Hanford ..' '. \V 0^)
J Iom e-; 1 37«4 I '40
JfflPWlal :... .... IS 0O
Independence 2!) 30
Kem 8 CO
Kern Riv«r 12 CO
Monarch <of Arizona) " "jiS
Monte Cristo e5 67 "
Occidental of W. Va, 05
Oil City Petroleum "jg
Peerles9 14 CO
Pittsburg io .
Reed Crude l 50
8. F. & McKittrick a'oo
Senator go
Sovereign +{
Sterling 2 4O 2 6O
Superior 0* C3
Thirty-Three 325
Twenty-Kight 9 ©Q
West Shore 2 00 2 20
V.'abaeh ao)
Kern (new) 39
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 55 ri
Honolulu Sugar 2250 ....
Northern Cal. Power 0 3714 $ 73
SALES.
Mornlns: Session.
. Board —
SCO Independence, b SO " 29
100O Independence 29
1450 Monte Cristo 65
100 Northern Cal. Power..' :. 0 50
10O Home , \ 83
100 Home, b SO £40
Street —
2300 Independence- M . 23
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bid- Ask. Bid Alk.
Bay CPC «s. — 99 3? * N? Ji - U(J^
B L Wat 6s. — 117 S P C R 4*. — 100
Cal NW 5a.. — 112% S P Co 4^a.l00i4 —
M C Wat Bs.IOO — |Sun Tel 3a... 104 —
RIs I Wks 5s — 103 Sutter-st R3a.lO3 113
SF Drdk 6s. — 113%! UR of SF 4*. 8*H *3?4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 I Mat Nav Co. — M
Cal Cot Mils 80 — |N«t Nat Bk.l37H —
Cal GAECor. 43 — NSRRCO. 9U —
C Jockey Cl. — 120 I N Cal P Co. 9*» ft«4
Cal Powder.. — 150 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T.113 — IOOP Hall A • —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 Orpheum Co.. — 13*4
Chutes Co... — T PacC Cas Co.130 —
City A C Bk. — 120 Pac S Tel Co.l01V»10«
Cyp" L Imp.. — 6?»'Pao Sur CO.105 —
nast Dynrn..230 — iPajaf Paint.. M —
DpntPwd pfd — M |S P Drydock 60 —
Do com .. — 50 SF&SJ Coal.. — -2*
FN Bk. Oak.120 — S J Wat Co. — 10«
Fischer Th.tr 25c 70c SO A MTcbt.123 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 lift Swlss-A Pk..ll5 —
Rai Con A.. — 20H[Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hon P Co.. 22 25 tUR InC pfd. 31 H —
Lon& SF Bk — eo | Do com ;.. 12H 1»
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
" 10O United R R Inv Co pfd 62 <*
$7,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. H% 75
$1,000 Spring Valley & per cent S3 0*
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
eUco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session..
2C0 Alpha 12! 2CO Julia, 1*
2C.0 Andes 21 1 4(:i> Mexican ....:. >"*
100 Andes 2Ci SCO Overman ...:. IS
I 2CO Belcher l«l 4<^O Potost 17
2t>O Rullion 32| 200 Savar* 2 r>
I 100 Caledonia ... 4fi! ."XO Scorpion ..... "*¦•
I 1C« Caledonia ... 47ilC0O Se« Celcher .. -<>7
."500 Chollar 161 3r*> Sierra N>v .. 2i
KO Con C & Va.l 20i 3CO Union Con ..-' »
r.00 Con C & Va.l 131 2CO Union Con .. 2*
2CO Crown Point. 1« 20O Utah '•'
100 Gould & Cur. 231 200 Yellow Jacket. '-9
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE..
Following were the sales on tht Pac- : 3-
Stock Exehange yesterday:
V...'-', Mornlnsr Session.
SCO Belcher 20| \(X) Mexlcaa *"
1C0 Bullion 311 1ti> Mexican * "'
1 too Bullion ' 2ii» OpMr 2 4'
j 110 I'a'.ert >nij. ... 4.\* *Jt)f>Poto3l •¦ •*«
I 4ro Chol!ar 1«| :«0i> Savage ... -^
• SCO Con O * V.I 17 U I af.0 Sierra N«v .. 2*
! VHX> Con NY.,.. <T. .',nn Sliver HIU *-
! 2CO Crown Point. 15! '2<:0 Union Con .. . J' !
COf> Gould St Cur. 251 2t:«» Unir.n C->n . . TH
, 1CC0 Julia 1S| SCO Union Con . . 2.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were t^o rale« en t'no San Frart
clsco and Tonorah Mining Exihanse veaterday:
Murnir.~ S^fslon. . • •^••r
BTft Brur.*wirk ... l^TXO N Y Ton . . .". PI
1100 Ccli'fieW Ton. 11| tCi> Fay & O'Brien <V>
1W« MacNamara- . 44|»»-»0 F«w ". S »
50 MacXamara . 42i ."OO Tot P»lmont.. ***
10ft VacNamara . 4:1 2C»> Ton Oold M. -'__>
2C0 MacNamara . 4l| 10O Ton Midway.. 4.
400 Mont Ton.. 2 42^1 25 Ton of Nw.i 12^
Llmas continue to creep up slowly and are
In brisk demand, with the growers still un
willing to sell. Blackeye are also wanted at
full prices. Pink are weak, but the other de
scriptions are steady as a rule.
: BEANS— Bayos. $2 40«2 65; Pea, $3; But
ters, $3; small White. $2 05©3 05; large Whitu.
$2 4092 63; Pink, $3 40©3 60; Red. $4 23;
Lima, $3 6393 75: Red Kidneys $4 25: Black
eyes. $2 40 per ctl: Horse Beans, $1 75©2.
EEftDS — Brown Mustard, none h«re; Yellow
Muatard. $3 23: Flax. $1 90©2 25; Canary. «94
©7c; Alfalfa, 15©15%c; Rape iyi@2Hc; Timo
thy. 6%c; Hemp, 3%@3Hc per lb; Millet. 2H
6'3Hc: Broom Corn Seed $20©2t per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2®2 28; new Green
Peas, $2®2 23 per ctl.
e
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, firm; winter patents, $4 70
0-4 90; straights. $4 4034 60; spring patents.
•r. 70<&"5 20; straights, $4 10@4 70; bakers',
$U»3 70; No. 2 spring wheat, $1 06©l OS: No.
a. 95C&S1 06? No. 2 red. $1 01 M&l 03; No. 2
corn. W/ic; No. '1 yellow, 54")iic; No. 2 oata,
32c;"No. 2 white, 34%(335c; No. 3 white. 34%©
35c; No. 2 rye. 701»7lc; good -. feeding barley,
40c; fair to choice malting, 40®48a; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 17; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 24^4;
prime timothy seed; $2 95; mess pork, per
bbl. $11 fioQH 65; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 7C0
6 72H: short ribs sides (loose), $7 37^; short
clear sides (.boxed), $8gS 25; whisky, basis of
high • wines, $1 as; - clovi-r, contract grade.
512 25.
Articles— ' P.eciipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,000.. 0,(300
Wheat, bushels 109,000 57,900
Corn, bushfl. 178.200 308,000
Oal.« r bu»hel» 435.7CO 148,200
Rye, bunheU ;... 7.000 700
llarloy. bushels 13,200 6,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
There is .no further change to report in any
description under • this head. Wool is very
firm. Hops are st*ady and Hides are strong at
the recent advances.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about '.jS-'c under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. 9c; light. 9c; Coir
Hides, 9c for heavy and 8He for light;
Stars, flc: Salt*d Kip. »tte: Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Catf. lie: dry Hides. 16®16V»e; dry Kip.
13c;. dry Calf lSe: Sheepskins, shearlings. 259
40c each: abort Wool. *0iJ<;5c. each : medium.
7."© 30c; long Wool. $1®1 50; Hone Hides, salt.
$2 70 for large and $2<?2 60 for medium. $1 23
CM 75 for small and COc for Colts; Hone Hides.
dry. $1 70 for large and $1 CO for medium. $19
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins-
Dry Mexican 30c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 3Oc. Goat Skins— Prim* An
cons, 75c; extra large do. $1 25; large and
smooth. DOc: medium. 35c; small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. *&*^o p«r lb;
No. 2. 3 Via: grease. 2U@3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 17O10c: San Joaquin and Southern. 12
months' 10®12c; do 7 months*. Sfillc per lb;
Middle Counttes. 13917c for free and 12315a
for defective: Northern. lCJJlSc for free and
H sllCe for defective; Nevada, 13® 10c. accord,
inr to condition.
HOPS— Nominally 23c per lb for choice 1901
crop.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Chl Term 4« 7"*ilTo!. St L & W 4s. 73«^
CVtik Tv/t-acca 4s. tSSfelUnion J'aciHc 4S.105H
i'v\o & Ha 4s blVjl Do conv 4s 1OHS
Colo Fuel & I r>s. 72CjlLJ S Stetl I'd 5s.. 7BU
Ueq & K'.o a 4*101/15 jWaba«h lsts' .117^
Erlt nr;.»r Ken 4». US^i Do bed B ti'.'Vi
i>J Ken 4m -...-.. fS^FVV & L Eric 4s... 91 I
F XV ,'i i> C ltt..lU3VaiWis Central 4s... S»»4
liock Val i'is H-0 I
NEW YUKK MINING STOCKS.
Auairs Con 2..i ..... f cnief 03
Ai.Ve-.: -' i >atario 3 6i
Bttcee-..r !<>< jjiiiir 3 00 f
nrur.s Con Itt.-'iiovnix 0J i
Com Tuuntl .... IS; Polos! 11'
•Jon Oil <t Va... 1 15| savage 10-
Horn fcUI\ or ....... 1 tO, i>it-rra Nevada 20
iioil bUVCr 1 5u!>>xail liopeia 2» ,
LtiidvUle Coir ... C2iStai)dard 1 75 I
Boston Stocks and Bonds. j
- • Money— \U S Steei lli 8 !
, Caiiilcuns -<i? : H! E'> Jf«l «*4s
Time luaxis 3«9H^Liy eating Common. 70
' "Eonds — I Min.iig — |? • j
AtchUoa 43 10IH; Adventur* 9T'ac !
Dj aclj 4j WVjI Ulouez 10'.; )
ll^x Central 4a... 04 j Ainal (Copper .... B3% j
Kaiiioucii— [Aaier Zinc 1\
Atchison SOTi I Atlantic " 9 Vi I
Do pfd 97=i!mnshani 24*4
BortOB & Albany. 2+S^iCaluniet & H«cla,51(> j
nostou ft Maine.. WH | Centennial 24V4 I
Ifoston Elev 14OV4! Copper itange ... 63V* J
Kitohbure pfd 136 I Daly West 12^4
JUx Central «-4IDom Coal 49 !
X Y, . N H & H..100 I franklin 7 !
Pore Marquette. .. 7-4 Grancy ..2 1R-16 •
Union PaciQe W^llsle Hoyale *. ISM \
Miscellaneous — | Va:<s Mining ...'. SVa ,
Amer Arge Chem. 14'. Michigan .; 4 i
Do ffd 73 Monawk 42V1 I
Amer Pneu Tube. 3>/S|Mont Coal & Coke 3\J !
Amer Sucar 13'!»4 Old Dominion ... 12% (•
Do pfd 131 (Oseeola 64 i
Amer Tel & Tel. 138 I Parrot 24%
Amer Woolen ... 11% QuJney 64
Do pfd 77 »4 Shannon 4
Dom Iron & S... 8^ Tama'ratk 05
Ed Elect Ilium. .2M (Trinity 7% !
On Electric 103^(lT ,s Mining 22 :
Mass K'ectrlc 17>4ii; S Oil 10%
Do i>'d fis |i;tah 3S>4 l<
Mass Gas 41% I Victoria. 21; I
Vr.it«1 Fralt JOfi nvinonn 7?; I
L'n Pho- Mach... f>0 | Wolverine 71)'
Do pfd 30 |
London Closing Stocks. \
Cons money,. .87 1B.24JN T Centra! 122'i •
Do «<?ct SS l-10!Xor & "Western... «4«,
Anaconda 3*;t Do pfd !>1 i
Atchison «t %4, 1 Ont & Western. . . 32 i
Do rfd SWV t | Pennsylvania 62 H !
Unit & Ohio s»V/ ( iRand MIn«s 9 7 ; |-
Can Pacific. r.OMruadln* 27^
Ch«?s & Ohio 37V, no T*t pfd 43
Chl Gr»at We*t.. 15>i Do 2<1 pfd W--<,
Oil. Mil & St P..152« So Railway 2«"i;
P< Beers 1 !=*«* I Do I'M n4Vi
D»n & Rio G 23U,|j! o Pacirte {!«
Do pfd 74U Union Pacific mo
Sri* :.'. 2fiHI Do pfd M
Po 1st pfd K",% u S SteM 12^
Do 2d pfd.... ; . nsi4 Do pfd- COM
111 Central .137% Wabash IS
Loul« * N»*h 1?1»J Do pfd 3«
M; K * Texas... 21 |spanl«h 4s 83&
Bar silver— Quiet. 26 ll-16d p«r ounca. I
Monfv— 2?2tt p«-r cent. ¦
The rate of dUcount In the open market for
short bills is 27462 IS-16 per cent and for
three months' Wlls 2%@2 15-lfl per cent.
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. Aup. 13.— The statement of
averages in the clearins: house, banks of this
city for the w?ek shows: ¦ ;
Loan*. ac98,4nU(W; Increase, . $1,014,500.
Dejv.sits. 51.^7,132.500; increase $2.Jtlfl,100.
r-rcuiation. $3&293.5no : - decrease, $343,000. !
Lr K al tenders. $32-.G50.700: decrease. $1,634,- f
300. Specie. $276,854,000; Increase: SS.^ft.-OO i
Rescn-e. $350.514.«00;- increase, S2.182.40O Re- i
pone required, 4301. 7^3.125; Increase. $729-!
.7H. Sumlu-. X57.73J.475; Increase. $1,422!-
P23. Ex^Unltfd States d.epoeitB, $63,575,025; m
crtase, $1,423,650.
New York Grain and Produce.
o.^Si^ YOTtK - Au »f- 13— FLOUR— Receipts.
21.800 ben-el*: exports. 14.«00 barrels: firm and
very dull. Winter patents. J4 00^5 33; win
ter malshts. U 65^4 {¦¦&; winter extras. $3 35
<8$ flO: winter low jrrades. $3 15©3 70.
•WHEAT— Heceipts. 28.400 'bushels; exports
T-9.100 bunh.elK. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. nom-
Inal elevator and $1 C2*4" f. A.tb. afioaf No 1
Northern Duluth, $} 21%i -f. . o.^b,. afloat. Op- i
tlons r>r>ened lotrer on account of «asy cablen |
rood wfath-r In nh« spring, wheat States and
foreign selling. A docllne, however, attracted
fr»sh bull ropport and full recoveries followed.
The do^e. showed aj'amc net advance. May
closM fl 05%; September. $.1 O5%; December.
HOPF— Firm: Paeiflo O>ast 1JKV8 crop. 2«O
29c: i9O.2 cron. 21©23c: olds, 7^13o.
HIDES— Steady; CaJUornla, 21 to 25 pounds
19<*. - .
WOOIr— Pt*i8dy: dorrcstlo fleece^ 32®85c.
PKTHOLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, strong: fair refining. 3 l-16c;
centrlfuBal. P8 test, 4M,c; molasses sugar.
3 7-18e; refined * firm; No. 6, 4SOc; No. 7
4.75c; No. 8. 4.70c; No. 9. 4.B56; No. 10*
•*.6Oc; No. 11. 4.55c: No. 12, 4.N>c; No. 13.
4.45c; no. 14. 4.40c: confectioners' A. R.OSc*
mold A. 5.55c: cut loaf, 5.00c; crushed, 5.00c
powdered, 5.3Cc; granulated, B.20c; cubes,
3.<%c. . ..
COFFER— The market fpr coffee futures
o^»nfd ft#ady at an advance of 10 points
and closed ?teadv at nn advance of • 10Q20
points. Total sales were Tft.000 bsrs. Includ
ing: Aura*t. « 70e: Peptemb»r. 8.55^6.75c: Oc
toh»r.. n.75c; D«c«imb»r. « nn/57.0T.c: .Tanusry
7.1<M?7.1.V: M«rch. 7.2.">'!t!7.nnc: April. 7 4ftc-
Msv. 7.43®7.5Oc: July. 7.«V>gi7.Wc. Spot Rio'
firr»; No. 7 Invoice. 8!4c; mild, firm: Cor
dovp. f»U^13<»
r»TTTTKR_TTnchanped.
rHKKSE— -Tfnchnrped.
EGGS— Unc.hsnred. .
Cried rnuTTS. '
E^ r AP0RATr7D APPLES-^Th» market con
tinues quiet, but prices ar« well maintained.
Common are quoted at 4fi:f>Hc; prime, 6%©6c:
choice. «%®6?4e; fancy. 7©7%e.
PRUNES— Sell slowly, but available stocks
are light and considerably broken, so that
quotations show steadlners, particularly on th»
more desirable grade*. Quotations range from
2c to 6Vie. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Fhow no chance. Choice are
quoted at OHOlOc; extra choice, 10U©10%c:
fancy. llGJISc. ¦ •
PEACHES— Are cleaning pretty well on
rpot. with some grades apparently out of rup
rly for the time being, pendtaralfrerh ar
ilvaiK. Extra choice are quoted a*'«e: fancy.
O'.iSlOC. - - V . •- :¦ ' ¦ • ' ¦ -.
New York Metal Market. ,
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— There was a steady
market for all metals, but only a small week
end trad« and no new • feature to " report.
Copper showed no chance.' Lake. $12 K\4
*'«ctrolyt!c. ?12 50@12 62%: casting:. $12 25M
12 50.
Tin. quiet; spot. $2(1 90®27 05.
Spelter, dull, with spot at $4 85©4 85.
Lend. spot. ?4 20®4 25. •
Slow market for .Iron, but steady undertone
at enchanted prices.
New York Cotton Market.
NBW TORK. Aug 13.— Cotton futures open
<h1 steady: August. 10.03c; September. 0.83c;
October. n.CSc; December.- 9.01c: January,
O.ftie; February.' 0.07c; March, 9.ft8c; May,
9.74c. -. . . •.'..-.
Closml steady; Aurust, I0.04t!: September,
fl.SOc; October, 9.63c; November, 0.57c; Decem
ber, 9.60c: January,. 9.63c: February, 9.66c;
March. O.C9c: April. ..9.71c: May. 9.78c"
Prot closed quiet; middling uoKnds, -10.00c;
middling gulf, 10.80c. Bales, 445 bales. '
Receipts of Hay wero larp« Kgaln yester
day, being 1032 tens. Including 122 cars. The
market continued tasy at unchanged price*.
There was nothing new In Bran an<l Mld
dlinjs. P.oceipts of both'hav* bren light for
some little time and quotations are steady.
BRAW— $21«22 p«r ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24«J29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21622 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $22 5OS23 rO
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the ml;l,'*il 3C*f« S0 :
Jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
M.al. $30 ,'.0®^l M>; Cracked Corn. »31@<2;
Mixed Feed. S22«22 50; Horse Beans. $30^10
pei ton; Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAT— Wh#at. $»©11. n-ith ?1C«12 50 for «x/
tra nn*; Wh»at and Oat; SS&ll; Oat $7 r.Ot?
11: Barley and Oat S7>V<3 50; Vo'.untner Wild
Oat. J742O; stable. J7&3 60; stock. $6 50®7 50;
Clover, $7 50®9 50; Alfalfa. $7©10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 10@7Oc per bale. ,
Hay and FeeHstufFs.
Xczc York stocks dose the week firm.-
Trading an the local. Stock E.x changes still. light.
Local Feral: Clearings fall off $2,113,000 last week.
Sii'jcr. Mexican ar.d Continental Exchange lavcr.
Wheat cro!> damage reports becoming less sensational.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Lima Beans still advancing under a good demand.
Bidter cnid Eggs again fractionally higher.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Honey unchanged.
Proz'isicms still inactive in all markets.
Wool firm, Hops steady and H ides strong.
Beef, Mutton and Pork all in ample supply.
Lower quotations announced for Rocky Mountain Coal.
Refit; cd Sugar marked up .10c per lb.
Potatoes much lower and weak. Onions, firm.
Poultry dull, with an accumulation of stock.
Heavy supplies of fresh Fruit en the market.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
• Articles— : Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
September, old. 1 02 103ft 101% 1 02H
September, new 1 00% 1 O^U 1 CO 1 Oo^
l>ectmb»r ..... jhw« 1 01 k " W ' ' '•« :1«
May ........... l oiVi' 1 03*» 1 *W% IWii
. Corn. No. »—
August .... .... •••• 62 $»
September 5314 •¦ 63?i 62 O'dMi
liccembcr coii 51 « $u\i ' M'i
Oats, No. 1'—
September .- 33 V. ¦¦ 34Vi 33»i
iKcember •«?% -•¦' 35^4 »4?ic 34«i
May so'-i . 37V» 3ti*» . 30!i
Me&s I'ork, per bbt —
Ptpternber .....11 57K 11 65 II 57% Il - 60
October 11. 05 .1X75 1165 1170
Laid, per 10l> lbs—
Pepu-mbtr :.'. •..-.« 80 0 SO . « 77% 6 >>l*
October (j »>, 0 0J (ISJ C 67%
Short 1 Ribs, per 100 1L»— : . :
September .. 7 45 t 4~\i 7 42V4 7 43
October 7 4'j>£ '' 45 7 42>/j 7 45
Previous quotations rule, with a dull anJ
uninteresting market. '
CURE1> MKATS-Bacon. IOVjC per ™ r
heavy lie for light medium. 13c for l!*ht.
14c for extra liftht and l.c for »««"•
cured; Kaatern sugar-cured Hams. •*£: Cill
fornia Hams. 15r: "MesB Beef. WQ™™?**
bbl; extra Mes*. *11©H 50; Fam.ly. $12*12 •«»•
prime Mess Pork. $14 f.0; extra e'ear. $*4.
Me.« J18; Dry Salted Pork. 0%c; Pig Par*.
$28; P1W Feet. J3. Smoked E^ff. lie per Jb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6'4c per lb for
compound and BVie for pure; ha If -barrel*,
pure. 9*ic; 10-lb tins. 10Uc; 5-lb tins. 10%c;
2-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENB^-One half barrel. 8%e: thre«
half barrels, 8«4c: one tierce. »%c: two Uerces.
8c; flve tlercts. 7T4c per lb.
Provisions.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour,' $3 50 per 1«X) lbs'.
Rye- Flour. *J 50; Rye Meat. $3 25- Rice Flour,
*T; Corn Meal. $3 30: extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groat;. ?i 60; Hominy. $4gl 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $1 309?+ 75; Cracked Wheat. $*:
Karlna, $-1 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 73;
'Roiled Oats, bMs. $7 25<gS CO; In sacks, $0 75$
S 10; Pearl Barley, $«; Split Ptas. boxes, 57;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
. FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 00. usual terms; Bakers" Extras. St 5r>@4 80:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at SS 85@4 23
per bbl.
Flour and Milistuffsl
$1-M«gl C2H: Whit*, nominal; Egyptian. $130
@1' 35 for- White and $1 25©1 30 tor- Brown.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 7502 per ctl.
to ?1 00% ©1 OOJi.' aftbe close. The tpne : at
tho unisli, noweverv w&t uvak. • .
Corn .was iniiuericeu Ur.'eiy by the action
of wneau , sjeptemlar opened -ft@V£c to %®%c
lower at 5!><a{>i J ,4i:, scored an'aavanis. to oo-ho,
but with the late decline In wheat the pvice
bruke to 5jc. The close was easy at 5a?»c.
'Aba uat (uarktt followed the «am< general
trcuu' as- wi.tut and corn. September started
a shade : to iu,vcr at 33%U|t0 3-i-}i<a>M;ic
tuna advanced 10 iil;ic. 'xl\t tiose was at tW^t
- ¦ rroViSiuns were quiet and yrieea showed
little chance until near the close, when scat
tered buying by bis snorts, a scarcity- oC utter
ing;* combined to Hit prices suraewnat. Sep
tember pork closed 10c higher. I-ard closed
-Vic higher and ribs were unchanged.
4V BEESWAX-27ff2»c per lb.
•>«£,.• "crown. 2Wc: seedless Sultaaas.
ilflllllfe^
•S^^W^'SbS: -S381SS
6tAc: light amber extracted. 5@6c; dark. -V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14/ 1901.
Continued onPaje 4T,
FRUITS— New crop — Aprtcoti, 7>460%c;
Peaches, 5% @7»4c per lb; Pears. WTO^c: Figs.
2-crown bricks. MVic; 3-crown. 5Cc: 4-crown.
65c; 6-crown. 73c; tulle white, 3V4©3y,c: black.
4c. Old crop — Evaporated Apples. 6HQ7%c per
pound. . . ¦ . . . .
.PRUNES— 1903 crop. 1%©2Uo for the four
sizes.
, RaISINS — Association f.-o. b. price* Fresno
(subject to chanj* without notice) are as fol
lows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 3-crown.
2c; 2-crown. 2 V4c; Malaga, loose, 3-crown,
Dried FntitSjNutSjRaisirtsfloney.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
38
(AUCTION SALES
TO THE TRADS AND PLCI.iC.
$20,000 Jo'jfcsr's iiki u.ioflj fioTal-
¦ . : • ties, Fdiicy Gccds and Lraj-
cisis' Su. dr.es.
On account of retiring from business we ar» | n .
I iiructed to sXl at public auction at the ware-
I FOOIBV of Atra;nb & Bt>a!«, :moorters and
* Jobbers, 5.'K> "Market St.. by cataloKue their
i riitire st.n-k in lo.s to th« higtteat bida-.-r.
without iMMfT; or limit, cost or value. TT'E?I
i DAY AND WSDKKSXUKV, August 1C and 1;,
I '04. 11 o'clock a. m. each day until sow.
An exceptional «>pi*>riunity. an the stock is
all new. staoie zuods, in origir.a.1 packages,
' srlected with great care and u-j-to-date in
every line. Jf«Ter b-jfore h im s-uch a Urzi
and complete* stock b*on offertd at public tsl«
Firms in these uartKular iin<», taking ad-
vantage cf this sal*", will be plated in a posi-
tion to undersell all competition and to ret».l
at l«5s than jc-hbcru" cost in th?- East.
NOTK — The jojition and standing of the
firm and the <juality ci gouds hamiled are
familiar to all and require no cim^ient.
Terms of sale, ca.«h. Goods sou ;he pre-
vious day will bo deliv-rcd up to 11 o'clock.
Orcn tor in^^ectlim Monday. '-'ataicgues
ready. WILSON BROS., Auctionprri.
¦£* ¦'¦ fe
AT AUCTION, on MONDAY. Aug. 15. at 11
o'clock, at 122 Grove St.. a lot of wtil-broken
horses suitable for all purpose*. Guaranteed
to be as represented. S. W ATKINS, Auo-
ttoneer.
£r* S*>
I will sell at auction forty head ef a!l pur-
pose horses, forty sets of harness; a'.so a larg*
stock of camp, express and peddling wagaas.
at 1140 Folsom St.. Tuesday, August 18. at 11
o'clock a. m. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctlcattr.• • •
Young Sawyer is connected with tha
United States Court of Appeals and is
a likely chap, much to be congratulated
at the capture of so winsome a brida.
The young people are planning to
build a home at Sausallto, where they
would form a pleasant addition to the
hill colony.
An engagement of much Interest to
the younger social set was announced
yesterday — that of Miss Florence Mar
tin, the winsome daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Albert H. Martin, and Meredith
Sawyer, son of Lorenzo S. B. Sawyer,
thus binding together two prominent
families. '^-t.'.l
Tha .wedding day has not been set.
hut It Is thought tho happy affair will
take place at the first of the year.
The youn-^ fiancee Is an attractive
maid, clever and cultivated, and has
entertained much in an informal man
ner at her attractive Clay-street home,
which is admirably adapted for social
affairs.
INTERESTING
ENGAGEMENT
IS ANNOUNCED
AT EL CARMELO, • Pacific Grove: From
San Francisco: J. A. Coughlin. J. A. Humer,
A. Martmer, J. -. P. Tborn#.'- Mrs. -Kins. Mn.
Hastlnr. O. Treatose. 1 Mm. Sauelier. H. A.
Welhe. H. J. Edwards. F. W. Griffin, W. A.
Dexter.- Mrs. W.- A. Dexter. Mrs. W. Manirel.
Louis A. L^onhardt. R. R. Collins. A. McRride.
W. . A. Robeson. From Nevada.. City — Martin
Maher, .Miss Moll!*- Maher.' Mlsa Allen Maher.
David Mnnran. From Salt Lake Citv— Miss
M»*irte .La>ton. Ethel Stuart. From Oakland
— R. H. BrenlUn, Mrs. U. Dobler. L. B. Dob
l»r., C F.- Dobter. From Sacramento— Mrs. H.
B. Adams. J.- Wilson; E. L. Southworth,
Frank afeukfarrel. From .Vlsalla — "B. O. Mul
ler. Err^t *MUJ«r. : From Santa Crux — F. W.
Louis. Clara Mj-ltiriux. From Stockton^ — W.'H.
Post. Mrs. W. H. -ro«t.* Miss Lucy. Port. G. P.
Holmes, Gertrude Holmes. Mr». Underhlll.
Mr«. A. WoK«». Frf>m Pasadena — Dr. and Mm.
Loekwood." I Frnm Fan Jos* — William McCoU.
From New York City — A. Cornick. A. B. Cbr
n<ok. ' Frim Coln»a — ; Mit." K. Risl»». ,Fr«»m
Chlcaro — L. K. IHint«l?>n. "ITrotn ¦ Berkeley —
Mm. •TV. Booth." Mrs. F*. Booth, Jacob Loeb. J.
E. Day.
AT "GILROY HOT From 6an
Francisco — Thomas C. Maher, Miss. Emma
Maher. Miss Helen Collins, Miss Lena. Week.
J Kerr. Mrs. M, Olson. J. C. Muller. C. K.
Parish. B. F. Matthews and wife. Miss F..
Tates. Miss Marie- Richards. D. A. Kan«. H.
L. Sweeney. Mrs. E. J. Farrel. W. R. Baker
and wife. M. H. -Hubert,- M- p - Meyer, ¦ Adolph
Beajrle.. John Beyer. Mrs. J. L. Connolly. Sam
uel Bowen. J. R. Shear and wife, Mrs. T. F.
Crowe, Miss Ella Crowe. Miss ¦ Ruth Ranken.
George C Webster. Clayton Waddle. Robert
Mason . and wife. W. B. Elsey. P. J.- Crane.
H. S. Allen and wife. E. A. Thompson, J. D.
Glover, J. A.. Larson. H. F. Norton. M. A.
Cardwell and wife. Mr». James Cartwriirht,
Mrs.- A. V. Fox. J. D. Andrews. E. J. Grif
fith. R. E. • Lewam. C. E. Johnstone. M. E.
Dolen, • Mr. and Mrs. S. N. Crowley. From
>few York— S. E. Campbell. G. . von Hellberg
and wtfe. Jerry L: Collins. From Oakland —
F. Dombtr, C- P. Gerry. ! From Santa. Cruz —
Daniel Williams. • D. P. Conran. From Santa
Clara — John Sheehy and wife. Mrs. W. 8.
Moore. From j Holllster — Mr». George Shaw.
Armand Shaw. From Menlo Park — P. O. Nel
son. •- From- Watsonvllle— John D. Murphy and
wife. Master I John Murphy.* Eugene Murphy.
From Mayfleld — C. Ducker, D. D. Belmont, J.
B. Brown. . \ * . - >-¦ . = '
E. M. • Shipley. * W. J. Hyxnan. O. E. Fair
field. Mrs. C. C. Gross. G Mlsh, Miss Julia
Mish. Mr. and Mrs. S. Hollub, J. W. Hogan.
J. -S. Newman. Charles H. - Lombard. Mrs.
Lombard. Misa. Lombard. Mr. and Mrs. Sam
uel Lewald. Isaac Upham, James K. Wilson-
Warren S. Re*d. William T. Garratt. H. <\
Burr Jr.. G. . W. Luce. Mr. and Mn. E. T.
Kimball. A. W. Porter. C. TV. Riser. Hugo
'¦"lanr.lnl. W. J. Feron. Mrs. Roben Barnett.
Miss Meslck, Mr. -and Mrs. Charles C. Moore
and family, Colonel .E. G.' Wheeler. Dr. and
Mrs. S. A. McDonnell. H. L. McDonnell. Mr.
and Mrs. H. Bier. Mr. and Mrs. V. M. Kerns.
Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Gasaaway. S. W. Cotton,
Mrs. E. A. May, Edson Bradbury. Mr. and Mrs.
J. P. Morgeson. T. J. Barbour. Cal West. Mr.
and Mrs. C. T. Jacobson and family, Mrs.
R. J. Lewis, John Lee. Mr. and'Mrs. Roth
Hamilton. J. G. . Garrison, Mrs. James Otis.
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Pennell, R. J. Chapman,
O. L. Chapman. • D .C. Joslyn. H. L. Van
Winkle, A. Arnold,' Mrs. Conkllnff. E. S.
tiwann. Mr. anu Mr?.' Georse C . Balch. Mrs.
T. . Ktrkell. S. >ViMlan<1er. C. Weinshank.
Judga Charles W. Slack. Mr. and Mrs. Haaens.
-.AT HOTEL VEXDOME, San Jos«: From San
FrandBCO^ — H Durntum.' Milton Pray,; WillHun
J. . Landers. . Stanley Webster. Rev. . and Mrs.
Burr~M. Wecden. R. • Uoyd. J. M. -Ettllnjrer,
Walter -Heller. ' Mr. and Mrs.- Max ¦ Schwa
backer, Mr.». and - Mrs. Cuyler Lee - and two
children.*. J. Munford. > Mr. and •* Mn. ¦ William
Stromberr.'E.T. ?Ball. --Mr.- and -Mra. -E.
Stoddard. Mr.- and Mrs/ S:L. Goldstein.* .Frank
H. Fries, C.iH.. Hill. I Miss Hush. W. | E. .Hush
Jr.. W. F.- Hush. Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Magre
Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. W.W. Burnett, Mr. and J4r».
\T BYRON HOT ' SPRINGS : From San
Francisco— G.Koerner. -Mrs. A. Levy, Mr. and
Mrs - Ed Bclasco. i Frank CorbeUt, - Thomas
Klrkpatrick-and wife,.G.--E. Klrkpatrlck. M.
Sabadlne. Mles-Maren Froellch. . Hi Kohlberg.
F. L. -Stowe. Rudolph , Axman- and wife, 'Mrs.
W. G. .Stafford. Miss . Marjorie Stafford, An.
ton Ninkovlch. L.. Less,- J. G. Eaglescn, Rich
ard Ennis. Joseph Nesaler. M. F. Keleher, Mls«
M. Kcleher; J." A. .Born, wife and' child;
Thomas - Rideout, ¦ Ed. R. Galland, George
Schaefer. Mrs. Schaefer. Mrs. E. B. Cadwal
ader Mrs. S. W. Waterhouse. ¦ Thomas Row
lands, Phil Ktefer.' F.* O. Johanoon, ' Aug. J.
Lang. From Oakland — Mrs. H. Hufschmidt.
Mr. and. Mrs. .J. .GhlrardelU. Miss Carmen
Ghlrard«IU. ¦ Samuel Hubbard Jr., C.1 P. Hub
bard." MU» Alma C. Chase, A.' Schower.— H.
G. • Morrow. Miss Katharine Madden. Miss
Margaret E." Blavlch. From East Oakland—
William Stone. From Merced—^J. D. 'Horan. L.
Mclntosh.' Mrs.' Ell Grimes and daughter. From
Sonora — Robert Rlley.: From Alameda — Mm. C.
Mangels. . From Sacramento— F. , Marshall," John
C. 'Donnelly. From. Columbia, .Cal.— Frank
Vassallo- and. "wife From Eureka— Mrs. H. S.
Long. From San Mateo — Mrs. E. Buckman.
From Turlock— J. B. Kinaer. From StocktCn —
Charlea - Rueea ' From . Hay wards — James
O'Neill. From-Alviso — R. B. Ingleson. From
McCabe — Herbe.it . P. ¦ -Gedders. From Grass
Valley — Dan O'Donnell.: A.* J. Brocklngton.
From Honolulu, H..T.—C..M.._BelUna. 1 .C. C.
Eakln. From Spokane. Wash.— L. . E. Wing
and ¦ wife. From Seattle. ? Wash. — Julius F.
Hale. ? From Mexico— Mrt. . J.™ Grollera . ani
child. ¦ . ' . , . / .....
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—M. Campbell,' F. B. Purryhne and wife.
From Sacramento — H. R. Thomson and wife.
Eva ¦ E. Thomson. ! From - San ! Jose^ — Mr.- and
Mr» H. L. Btttman. From San .Mateo — Mr.
and'Mra. T. A. McCormick. Kthel McCormlck.
From Stockton — A. 'lL 'Ashley anl -wife. :FVom
Yreka — E. A. -Prlle. From . Healdsburg — J. . L.
Neel 'and. wife. .From " Redding— Luclle
Stephens. From Loe Angeles— Dr. C. F. Pep
per. Dr. K. C. Moore. Robert S. Rlcuert. J.-M.
Elliott Dean Mason. From Pasadena — H. L.
Story and wife. . From Chicago — J. E. Story.
¦From Anderson — S. N. -Watson. From Salem.
Ore. — J. B. Plum and wife, ,W. W. Plum.
AT LAUREL DELL: From San Francisco —
John R. Dunlap. Robert Haight and wife. A.
G. lAng E J. Wheeland J. I>. Woodward. J.
"Wadswofth Miss N. E. Glllcsple. From Oak
land — Dr. J L Milton and wife, Mrs. E. M.
Ewer. J. S. Peters. J.' V. Bacon and wife.
Miss * Aida Laymance, Mr. and Mrs. L. *G.
Curtess,* Ralph C. Parkinson. • Frofcj Wood
land—A. D. Porter and wife. From San Dleito
— Frederick .yon, Seggern. From San. Fran
cisco — Powell Davidson, Dr.' Q. F. Graham and
wife. Dr. Maurice J. Sullivan.- Miss Falrchlld,
O. Sul'.lvan.. James. Burch; Miss E. ' Watkins,
L. J Johnson Joseph Peterson, Miss Bell Caa.
well' Enrlsrht Sol van. ¦ W. D. Spauldlh*. H.
Cullen. William B. LudwU?,- Mrs. IC Ludwlg.
W H. Wood, H. T. Blackwood. . D. Lcffman,
D W. Alexander. Tony'Phllllp*. Mr. and-Mrs.
L. S. Dunlap. 1 Charles D. Pennine. Henley J.
Penning Mrs. J. . Comins.- Thomas Johnson,
Mrs E." Johnson. Miss Lizzie Collins, J.- A.
Collins, Charles E. Homer, James D. Homer,
R S. Johnson. 8. J. Perry. David - Brown,
George Haj-anier. Sam Davis, Elmer Powell,
Jimrs Sno-w; R. D. Scott. Henry Curley. James
Griffin. Frank Gilpln. Ed Jamison; M. D.
Marion. Louis Sanger. Mr. and Mrs. George
Haberntcht Mrs. A. Halpen. John S. Halpen.
Miss A. E. Gall, Charles Hllston, J. D. Bowen,
Elmer Johnson. Sam *U. Paulson. George H.
Stepp H. L. Moore, A. -W. White. Thomas J.
Larki'n, J. E. Reade, J. J. Dlgnan, Charles N.
McGuirc. Charles A. Garinne.- James H. Price.
Mrs. Emma Hennessy; Ralph Connolly."
— C. Vf. Smith and wif*, S. W. Blake. From
Fresno— Colonel T. J. Hay. From Willows —
J. W."Hagan, C. Schmidt and -wife. Martha
Hacan. From • Jacksonville — Edward • B.
Sp^ake. From Boston. Mass. — Miss Frances
French. From ' Yuba City — Miss Carotin A.
Noysc. From Sutur— T. I,.. Smith and family.
From TMnole — Frank Rose. M. Figrjero. M.
Barber, M. C. Garcia. From Esparto — George
\j. Ftske and family. From Colusa— S. Rum
melsberK, IX Jacobson. From San Jo*s — \j. M.
Lansforil. From Plea&anton — J. tt. Coau.
From San Mateo — F. Levy and -wife.
When the Coroner asked Dr. Ardenyi
what was the meaning of hypertrophy
of the heart, he replied that it was an
accumulation of blood in the heart. He
said after the adjournment of the In
quest that the question was a "catch"
one and that If the Coroner had given
him notice beforehand he would have
"read up" on the subject of hypertro
phy. He admitted that he and Dr.
Bluhm had performed two curetting
operations on the woman, the first
about two weeks ago and the second
on last Thursday, the day of Mrs.
Cohn's death. Dr. Moyer assisted at
the second, operation.
-Detective Edward Gibson, who has
charge of the police end of the case,
was present at the inquest, which was
continued until Monday morning at 10
o'clock.
Both Ardenyi and Bluhm denied any
crimlnal intent, and Insisted that the
operation waa necessary and lawful.
lery: Non-commissioned staff, Sergeant
Henry Carl Schwinn to be sergeant ma
jor; band. Henry Auerbach chief
trumpeter, Henry John- Geisel chief
musician, Raymond Edmonds Burto/i
drum major, Felix Stewart McConnell
sergeant; Battery B, Corporal Gordon
to be sergeant: Battery C. Corporal
John Edward Flynn to be sergeant and
Private Alfred Gerties to be corporal.
Lorenzo R. Cofer, having been com
missioned first lieutenant, First Artil
lery, has been assigned to duty as bat
talion commissary. First Lieuteannt
Claire F. Knerr; Battery B, has been
detailed as acting quartermaster. 1
Mrs. Sarah Cohn was the wife of
Abraham Cohn, whose residence and
place of business" Is at 728 Howard
street. She was a strong, healthy
woman, only 26 years old, and died after
the second of two surgical operations
by Dr. Ardenyi and Dr. George L
Bluhm. The body would have been
buried without Investigation but for
some neighbors, who told the Coroner
there was something wrong. Morgue
Surgeon L. D. Bacigalupl found that
death had been caused by a criminal
operation "performed in a very bung
ling manner." Coroner Leland also pro
nounced the death of the woman the
result of Ignorance, carelessness and
inoompetency. '.¦--- :
Dr. Joseph Ardenyl confessed under
oath yesterday at the inquest into the
death of Mrs. Sarah Cohn that he had
deliberately made a false statement in
the certificate when he wrote that the
cause of her death was cardiac failure
and hypertrophy of the heart. When
Coroner Leland asked him why he had
done so the physician replied he had
issued the false certificate for the pur
pose of shielding his friend, young Dr.
Moyer of Mayfleld, whom he had called
in to assist him in the surgical opera
tion. Jn other words, he added, he did
not want Dr. Moyer to get into any
trouble about the woman's death-
Ardenyi swore that he was a gradu
ate in medicine of the University of
Tennessee.
At their own request the following
• reductions to the rank of private have
been made in the Fifth Infantry: Ser
geant J. A. de Poy. Company A; Cor
poral James Flannagan. Company D.
•and Corporal F. W. Arman, Com
pany CI
Twenty-nine enlisted men were dis
charged during August from the Fifth
Infantry, fifteen on account of removal,
nine at expiration of term of enlistment
•and three for the good of the service.
Shortly before Company D of the
vs/tli Infantry started for Camp Atas
cadpro It went into a practice camp on
the Murray tract, near Fairfax, Marin
County, where there was a carrying
out of the rules and regulations of
camp life as laid down In the book of
instruction issued by the United States
War Department. There was strict
military routine during the entire day,
end at mess, which was such as the
army furnishes, several ( vlsitors of
the National Guard were present,'
, among them Captain Bauer and Lieu
tenant Magee of the naval* militia.
These, with Major D. A. Smith of the
Fifth, Captain Vanderbilt commanding
Company D, James Cochrane. T. J.
•TaJIon and P. Kohn. as well as Ser
creVnt Thomas Kerrigan, who presided
at the head of the table, spoke on the
•necessity of learning what the United
States army officers would teach during
tbe Joint camp.f
The tollowlnif appointments have been
made in the First Battalion of Artil-
. .Th^ Firtt Infantry Regiment of the
National Guard left this city on Friday
1 eyening for Camp Atascadero, San Luis
Obispo County, under command of
Colonel Thomas F. O'Neill The regri
•tnent was preceded by field music —
¦fliTim, fife and bugle — as there Is no
regimental band at this time. The men
¦were attired in khaki uniform, blue
army shirts •without blouse and wear
¦* lag for the first time the new web belts.
The regiment as it passed down Market
street on the way to the Third and
Towusend streets depot had the ap
pearanceof readiness for action, not for
The following; appointments have been
"irade in the Fifth Infantry: Company
! A.' Privates C. E. Powell. M. R. Cox and
. : 31. Stewart to be corporals; Company C,
• Privates A. Lambert and George
Schecth to be corporals; Company D,
•Private M. Majruire to be corporal;
' Company H, Corporal R. A. Stratton to
• • t>e sergeant, and Privates William Cul
• lie, J. D. Trcadway and W". B. Frellson
to be corporals; Company I. Lysander
•Ma-dden to be quartermaster sergeant,
"Corporals Chester Young and William
J. O'Connell to be sergeants and Pri
vate EarJ J. Inraan to be corporal.
:' Upon the recommendation of com
pany commanders of the Fifth Infantry
• the following details have been made:
Company A. Private H. Klinknpr arti-
v .ficer and Privates R. King and J. B.
•Martin musicians; Company B, Private
. J. H. Kerr artificer and Private C. W.
Lang: musician; Company F. Private
• R. E. Charters artificer and J. P. Still
xhan musician.
STATE SOLDIERS
ARE ADVANCED
SIGNS FUSE
DEATH REPORT
AT AQUA CALIENTE SPRINGS: From
San Francisco — Thomas O'Donnell, . E. • F.
Ahern, Louis Wamser and wife. ' J. B. Oliver!
Huro Urban end wife. Mrs. and Miss' l^?e'
Mrs. Everett, J. E. Grube. E. J. . Flieger . D*
A. Rea and wife. Miss M. Richards. Henry
R. McCarthy. Henry Johnston, Mrs. V -Verde!
Miss A. Rene. P. Ghilarduecj* Miss Maud
Jones, Miss Irene Graves, Mrs. A. C.McLeod
Mi«s Irene McLeod. Mrt. J. L. Bulger and
daughter. E. J. Gibson, J. Benchovltx J
SUnton and wife. T. R. Smith. Mrs. L." D*
Stone. Miss McMullsn, James H. Dever. Fred
L. Jones. John O'Gara. Mr. and Mrs. T J
O'Hara.Mrs. I. J. Tread well. Mrs. Geor*e A*
McGowan. Mrs. Henrietta Tucker, James Bar
rett. J- D. Bacon. Miss A. Marks, Miss Rose
Bock, P. Noble and,wif». Mrs. T. Boch. Miss
Agnes Boch, John Kaunltz.-MIsi Alice Coyne
Miss Lorraine Wise. Mrs. B. ' Madden, Miss
Nita Madden. H. F. Edaall. J.. R. Jackson
C G. Deterraan, John O'Connor. R, H. Fenk
hausen. J. Harrower. Miss Mary JHynn, Miss
Margaret.'Fiynn, x Mrs/.Cnari«a E. Davis. Miss
Ellen M. Marks, ¦ Mrs. A. C. Jones, Miss G
M. "Jonw, P. C. Doscher, Mrs. M. . McGlffln. 1
Mm. F. Webster, Mrs. P. Wallcnschlager.
Mrs. Margaret. Webster. Joseph - F. - Lahaney
B. McL. Hardlck and wife. From ..Rock
Sprinr*. Wyo.— Mrs. I. C." Murphy and daugh
ter." From Sacramento — M. S. - Jaff e.' Miss L.
Jaffe. From London. England— C. Llnkin and
wife. From Berkeley — M. . H. Kennle ¦ and
wlf«. From ;Belvedere^ — Miss. Etta 'O'Brien.
AT HOTEL DEL MOVTE— G. C. Rocftwell.
U. S. A.: Mrs. S. A. M/*s and son. Vermont*
Otcar Seely. Philadelphia; Mrs.. MacArthur,
Arthur MacArthur, P. W. "West, U. S. A.-
Mr, and Mrs. J. Blanchard. Mrs. A. L. Tubbs*
Mr.' and Mrs. J. S. Oyster and family. -Mrs
J. T. Dean. Miss Parks, San Francisco;. Tt.
D. Seller. W. P. • Seller, U. S.~ N. : • Mr.- and
Mrs. Max Schwabacher. San Francisco; Mrs
M. P. Spindle. J. P. Spindle, Washington. D.
C; Thomas J. Barbour. Charles fi. Lyman/
Mr. and'Mrs. Frl»s, Earle Talbot. L. M. Rob
bins, San Francisco; Charles H. Hastings.
Los Angreles; W. W. Tracy. Chicago; R. A.
Martin. E< Paso; Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Morti
mer* and family. Berkeley: W. M. Clark and
Mrs. Clark. Lcs Angeles; W. T. Kearny, San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. F.- W. Allen, . Oak
land;. Mrs. J. C Thomjson. Miss Thompson,
Stockton: Mr. and Mrs. Loewe, Miss Irma
ClayhurKh. Mrs. F. Rhine. Miss Alice Rhine.
E. M. Greenway. Mr. and Mrs. William Haas
J. R.-K. Nuttall. Mr. and Mrs. Lee and fam
ily. San Francisco.
AT ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Irvins Jonas. - M. McCaxty. . F. Mc-
Carty. Mb. M. Hill. B. Hassier. J. F. Hanley.
Miss J. Coni>-ay. Mrs.. W. C. Pridge, Miss
Cunningham. G. Goran, M. J. MeBr«arty, J.
Br«rdan, Frank Foler. Ike Tuchly, W C.
Mohw. G. I. Cutler. F. M. Cutler. A.,Kavan
ougff. J. "Wunder, Mrs. Wunder, Telly Wunder,
J. M. Stapleton. A. Bergstrom. Charles T.
Gessers. k. Fol*y. J. Algron, Mrs. Aigron,
Mrs. Rlbby, Mr. and Mrs. Bohlenson. T>.
Drattin. J. H. Chlvrill, R. . A. Curran. B.
Bandit. Mr. and Mrs. Hess. J. L. Zlmnxrson.
Thomas F. Flynn. L. Busnell, Mr. Hooper,
Mrs. Klmbull. Miss G. Hendy. Mrs. George
Pestdorf, Mr. and Mrs. St. John. Mr and Mrs
Leavitt. .T. C. Carter. Phil Cohen. Miss Cook.
Miss Baker. Mr. Lunstram, Mrs. Parker, P. CS.
Jackson, W. S. Joi:*s, Jack Morgan, B R
Stevens. P. S. Jacby,' Mr. Strom*, James
Fo!»y, James Fah*y. J. J. Corbett, E. H. Hall,
P. C. Brooks. J. S. Carter. J. C. Merrill. Mr.
and Mrs. Carroll, Minnie Geesman, Joe Lough-
Hn.. Nellie. Loughlln. Bob Bonn. Frank Bonn,
Geortce Tucker. Miss Tucker. Bert Wren, James
Ward. J. C. Carter. E. H. Hall, Mr. Keyes.
P. C. Baxtcri. Georr* Parker, J. 8' Kennedy,
Mr. Booker. G. L. Booker. Mr. and Mrs. Dorcy.
Ellen I>orcr. P. L. Brooks. J. C. Brooks. M. S.
Polk. Miss Swain. Gforr* Swain. Miss Thomp
son. Edith Ashton, E. B. AshtcirtMlss Hale,
J. Hopkins. Miss Adams, Joe adaras, Jack
Hooper. Miss Hill, Mr. and Mrs. Hill. Mr.
and Mrs. Robblns. Miss Rellgh. Mrs. J.
Baker, Paul Hartman,' H. T. Grimm. George
Hab»r. Thomas «"k>dwln, W. B. Cotrel, Miss
Morgan, Mlso Chandler, J. Willard, Miss
Graser, John • Sites. Georg* Cook. Mr. and Mrs.
S"«lln«r, W. F.tSmith. J. C. Price. Vella Ford,
Henry Martin, J. O'Toole. Marie Lemon. W.
T. Pottn. Geors* Sweeney, Miss Baron-, Mr.
Btickford. J. S. Holllster. A. P. Richie, Kate
MIchan, J. P. Taska, Professor Cameron, Dr.
Brazell, Dr. Sanger, Lon Lock wood, M. M.
Kane, P. Havens, J. A. .Marsh, W. Mollard.
G. C. Scott. 51'ss Simmons, Miss Hatcher, Miss
Able. II. P. L«e. Mr. Russell. Jack Sullivan,
P. S. Ifickman. Bob Walsh. Irving Rosen
blett. G. Ho^kinjs. Bert ICrump, "EJ. ' IL
Stiimpf, Ella Ford. Miss Dorcy, Gwrjre Dorcy,
Minnie McDfrmott, H. Holllster, Mrs. Moran,
Mrs. Kempton. Mr. Collins, H. Northrup, P.
Ford. H. Pregse. James Mooney, William
Spiers. Thomas Grace, C. J. Clyne. R. Stvift.
A. Hyde. L. Yates. Mamml Carbone. John
Kreft. Mrs. Kuthly, C. H. Blair. Mr. Tinley,
Rev. Partner, Mrs. W. J. Cramer. M. Et Mc-
Donald. Mr. Stroub, G. Pacheld. Mr. Douglas,
J. Pretor*. J. Braydan. E. Snow, O. Black,
Jegsl* Stroud. M. C. Stroud, B. Roges. Mr.
Mootton, A. M. Elston, J. Fries. Thomas
HlxrKtns. L. O. Cannon, John Anderson, G.
Garibaldi. Mrs. Garibaldi. F. El Daily. May
Loney. J. S. Egan. L. Mitten. E. A. Fathelng
ham. L. Hammer. O. L. , Everts. .Professor
Pyhn»r. Petr Hale. H. H. Elliott. J. Glover.
Ed Faxel's Pave Bohn. Tom Krely, Jack
Hurbes. H. M. Wootton. J. Allen Veatch, O.
C Kean. J. H. Chlvuee, W. Y. Rrowklng, M.
Salsbury. W. S.. Salsbury, J. R. Orvilto, Mr.
and Mrs. Johnson. Frank Grassl, Captain Me
ly^an. II. Vlera. John Prieray. J. P. O"X*III.
Georxt O'Neill. Mr. and ' Mr«, B)*be Miss
Eiebe, Mrs. Glafoht. Misa Glafoht, Henry
Glafoht, J. W. rcmber. . . .-
At the Tallac: From San- Francisco — Mi»s
Hart. E. H. Mozart. Clay Peters. William
D. En man, Miss B. F. Cheatham. Earle Tal
bot, A. RNye and wife. Georgo H. Knorp
and wife, Frank J. Clancey, Arthur Hainque,
C W. Rohm, Byron Mauzy and wife, Mrs.
H. 11. Young. H. H. Young' Jr.. Miss Sut
kamp. Miss Monica B. Martin, Miss A. -K.
Martin, Perclval D. Kahn, William S. Down-
Ing, J. Felgenbaum and wife, C. R. ' Brown.
Albert Elkuo and wife, Fred A. Greenwood.
H. R. Mann. Mrs. H. R. Mann, Harold R.
Mann. W. P. Brien, Charlea Holbrook, Mrs.
S. H. Palmer,. James .Otis, Roy F. Kim
ball, George A. KimbaH. Mrs; Woodbury.
Mrs. E. K. Field. Florence W. Marvin. Mr.
and Mrs. H. F. Marvin. T: Philip O'Brien. Mrs.
J. Abrams, J. Abrams. W. C. Leavltt and wife,
W. H. Hammer and wife. Master Earl Ham
mer. Alice M. Baer. Josephine F. Baer, Mrs. J.
Schwltzer. Miss Schwltzer, Edna Schwitzer,
Miss Ellen Lundberg, J. D. Warde,. Henry Al
ferttr, Mrs. H. AlteriU. G. C. Furmer, C. G.
Pender, O.-W. Pierce. From Pasadena.— Aaroa
Tworathy, Jared Whiting. From Oakland— F. A.
Webeter and wife. Arthur Webster.- Horace H.
Miller. Mr. and Mrs. Dennis Searles. From
Los Angelea — Mr. and Mrs. H. Baruch, Mis*
Elsie Baruch, Master Fred Baruch, F. Green
and wife, William G. • Kereckhoff, Mrs. J. M.
Erdman. Leona Erdman, Henry S. Wllllami
and wife, Mrs. Williams. John II. Green. It.
C. Brand, Mrs. L. C. Brand, Miss Helen Sto
ker, Miss A. George. A. F. Morlan and wU«,
W. M. Carver and wife, Mrs. H. T.- Newell.
Mlsa Newell, Miss E. Leech. Miss Stoemer,
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Musselman, F. H. King
man, Dan Campbell and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
E. S. Rowley, Armand Callleau and wjfe,
A. H. Weber, Mrs. James Otis and maid,
Miss Cora Morris Otis, Mrs. Frederica. M.
Otis, E. 8. smith. Miss M. H Brincard.
W. Pthenlck. Mr. and Mrs. Searles. From
Oakland— Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Burtchaell , J.
E. McElroy and wife, Mr. and Mrs. A. C.
iachlesBlnger. Thomas Crellln, Miss Crellln.
Miss E. Crellln, Helen Harrington. From Los
Angeles— Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Rubo, D Stew
art and wife, J. M. Brooks. and wife,' Helen
McCallum. From Berkeley— E. W. Major.
Lucy Spragua. From Sacramento— A. R.
Nye and wife. From Electra— C. H. Page,
From New York City— Frank F. Dodge, Mr.
and • Mrs. J. C. King. From Rons— John C.
Kittle, Mrs. F. Tyler. Miss Elizab-th Tyler,
James Coffin. From Honolulu— Charles L.
Rhodes and wife, M. W. Backus and wife,
From San Pedro— Mrs. J. F. .Wetherby, M.
Blanche Bolt In. From ' Belvedere— Dr. and
Mrs. L. L. Dunbar. From Tonopah— S. R.
OberU, W. R. Cathin. From Rcdlands — W. T.
Bill and wife, John Chapman, Alice Chapman.
From Lincoln — Mr. and Mrs. H. -L. Meyer.
From Oakland— Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Fltzwald.
From Olean, N. Y.— Fred A. Moore. From San
Jose— Mrs. K. D. Cather. From Alameda—
Miss Tbeo Parr, Mrs. J. F. Parr. From Napa
—Herbert B. Whitton. From Pomona— J. A.
Fitch and wife. From Berkeley — W. C. Mor-
Ean and wife. From Electra— Wallace. Wilson,
W. C. Randall Estes. From Livermore — M.
M. McKee. May E. Concannon. From Phila
delphia—Miss Springs. From Frultvale— Mr.
and Mrs. W. J. Robertson. From Indiana— O.
T. Chamberlain and wife. From Fair Oaks—
Vernon V. Nuttall. Fn>m Rochester — Frank
lin Jones. From New York— C. Heller. From
San Francisco — Dr. G. M. Gardner, Mrs. G.
M. Gardner, Miss Janet Parsons. From Mill
Valley— Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hite. From San
Francisco— I. Hjman. From Mill Valley— R.
F. Parsons and wife. From Ross— Mrs. J. G.
Kittle. Miss Kittle, Miss Sarah W. Coffin, E.
C. Thurston. From Modesto — Theo Turner and
wife. From Loa Anceles — Mr. and Mrs. E.
S. Rowley. Miss Grace Rowley. Mrs. F. E.
EwJnr. Hansen Moore. A. A. Polhamus and
Tcife, J. Koro. Mrs. Berthold Faruch, Arthur
W. Baruch. Mrs. Max Newmark. Franees
Newmark. William McGibbln, Anna L Steph
ens, M. Aveny. L. G. Aveny. C. W. Bowen.
Mrs. L. F. Clark. Mies L. Qark. Miss Frances
Baiter, W. rt. Smith, Dr. and Mrs. B. Bryant.
George ZoMIlar and wife. Miss Rose Zobel in.
Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Etanforth and son. From
San Francisco— Arthur Pillsbury.
The resorts show, but little shrinkage
in popularity. Most of the leading ho
tels are now running bank full, with
heavy bookings for. the rest of Au
ffuat and on through September— the
latter the rarest month or - the year.
This fact is coming to be appreciated
by him who thinks— and the number of
him who thinks Is growing daily— with
the result that many have put off their
rural visit until this lovely month.
'AT BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San Fran
cLico — Mrs. Archie- N. Dunn,." Mrs.< D ;E
AlURon Jr.. MIs« McMillan. J. F. Welch C C*
McMahan.E. J. Benedict, Joe Wasoner' P # J*
Ryan.' H. S.- Field. : Mrs. . Field, Miss' Field!
August P^trold, ¦ James Cunningham ' R ' < M
Taylor. W. Perkin.--. DelUu. Atchison. A fL
Lochbaum and daughter.. R.- A. Crothers Mrs
! L.- Rlckerty. iFtom- Sacramento-MSeorgo .'Efcan'
William .Perry. .J. C. Carly. wife and child'
Miss Amy Tate. Harrison Tate. Mary Lappln*
Kittle Lappin. Mrs. M. J. Scanlan.Mrs H. M
Crowley, Dr. R. E/ Smith.- U J. Wells, Newton
B. Krlpp and family. . IVom Oakland— J J
O*Nell.- From Woodland— A, D. Porter and
wife. -From Williams— S. B.* McCreary. Mrs
William Quleley, W.E Curtis, Adolf Nilson,
C. AT. Ma>-ne. > From Pleasant Grove — ¦R'llliani
Trevathan. ? wife and - child/ From - Orland—
MlM'G. -Clarke, W.-p.-Morrii-sey. and family.
Clara Mnrrissey. Teddle Morrlssey .¦-. Haiel
Morrissey. ' From Mariposa — Charles . J
Schroder. -From- Grass "Valley — James i F
Roach and family. '¦ From -Upper -Lake T
McCullough: From- Modesto — E. Adams. "and
mother. '¦ • From ¦ El Paso. Tezaa— J. . Epstine.
From Berkeley ~ — G." D. Curamlncs . From
DavisviUe— Carl Becker. From Tacoma Wash
AT.WHITB SULPHUR SPRINGS : From San
Francisco:- Mrs.',: Bennett, Helen : Kurlanz
¦ A. ' Blumquist, Mrs. ¦ Nellie- Price. - Miss -V -H
Sullivan.. H. D.,- Fuller. Mias L. Anderson'
Mrs. Fitzgerald, Mrs. A. Franklin, W. Ken
nedy, E. Jones.*. Mr. iand Mrs.; R.'F. -Reed
Mrs. Lillian Kerwin, P. Fuller, T. E.' Rud
dick. . George Fellows, Leo- Meyer • May - G
Hollahan, .Daisy .Rosters. Mr. and Mrs Klop
stock. * TesBle Klopstock. Mabel Peters. Frances
Ruddlck, iVeria- and John .Nlckolsen^-Miss H
Hayei*." Helen Collins. Sirs. A. E. Helnrich"
Mrs.iEbttcrB. Mr. T'»orseh and .wife, Mrs M*
L.. Spr!gg.'Mn».~-L. S.^Phllllps, Ruth Thoml
sen." Miss Virginia Bush. Dan IlanUin. From
Oaklahd-^Mrs.J." Montgomery. Miss 'j. je.
Montgomery. Mrs. - S. v ' Gordan, Itf«> Gor'iian'
From, Los Angeles — Mrs . N . J . • Content ' • Miss
H.' A.- Westrum. From- Berkeley— I* m. Lucey
From,Va,lleJOr-Ch B ries-Maneke and son Harry'
Morgan. Jones, Willie Martin. Walter Clarke'
John Andersen, Mrs.' A. Connolly, .Duncan Mc-
Lean. Charles Eaton, Joe Conway. 'Mr« M
G.. Perry. Mls» Anita Perry. Mies Lillian Per
ry. Arthur Wood. ; From Placor\-ille — Mrs Al
den. Miss Jennie "Alden.-.MIs»? Maggie Kirk
AT THE DE LA ROZA RESORT: From San
Francisco— G. W. Foster. Captain Ncloon A
C. McLaren, Butte Smith, Miss Gamble. :F # rom
Alameda— J. Bernard, Mr. Berfcess. ..From Saa
Jose— Dr. ,E.iW. Pratt. Miss S. A. . Steward
" AT RIVERSIDE HOTEL, Santa- Chit: From
San Francisco — James Smith, T. J. Regan. E.
J. Regan, Joseph • de • Larjvlere, Mr. and Mrs.
Baldwin. Mrs. Ralph Leon, Mrs. I. Gellert;- J.
A. Henner. From Alameda — H; Mundt . From
Santa Crux— F. S. Granrer and wife. Florence
Granger, Earl Gramsex. Frank Granger. From
New York— Mr. and Mrs. Kearney, A. I>
Wllks. From Philadelphia— May I. Kneeshaw.
Anna Cockill. Rachel C. Shaw. Nellie Brom
ley. From Ogden—J. E. Thompson. From
Chicago— Mrs. J. McKlttrick. From Chlco—
H. W. Heath and wife. From Coalinga— j. m
Atkinson and family. From:Menlo Park— Miss
M. Mortality, Miss Rosa Brafrgt. . From Sac
ramento^ — Octavlus Parker, W. R. Egan, ¦ Ray
mond Hancock. From San Francisco — Harry
Schmaltz and wife, . Mr?. J. T. Regan M
Ko-xalsky, W. J. - Le#. W. • W.- Hagadorn. H.
McLaln. S«muel R. Leon. Miss ' Dorothy Saal
bur?. W. T. Williams. From San Matco— M.
J. Powers. w1f« and child. From Mt. Morris
N. Y. — Rev. W. A. Stirlinr. From Riverside—
Miss fiaylord. * From Brooklands-Corona— E.
J. Oilliand. wif«and son.. From Sacramento —
,G. L. Stevenson and wife. R. P. Eubank* and
¦family. Frank Meckfesse! and wife. From
Los Angeles — E.' D. ¦ Palmer and family. From
Pasadena — Mary Barnhart. From Cambridge
Ohio — Mrs. McCarthy, Miss Mllner. From
Marjstille — C P. Harrington, - E. W. WJes
per. From- El Paso, Tex.— Miss Alice Pofnerov.
Mrs. W. J. jmnd and family. From San Jose
— G.-B. LumKlrd and wife. Clarence Lumbard.
Glenn Lumbard. ¦ From Watnonvllle — Mrs. G.
S Easterday and danrhter.' - From Oakland
Mrs. H. Dietrich, - 'Waldeinar , Dietrich, M.
Ffrench, T. ¦ Ffrench. Miss ' Lynch. Mr. and
Mrs. A. H. Merrltt and family, May-Sellan
dor, I^eontlne Esbjornson. From ' Syracuse N
Y.— Mrs. K. M. Cullen.' Mtss C. A. Bach. From
Calgarj'. Canadn— Mrs. Era Atkinson. Miss
M. L««e. From.StoHcton — Mrs. James Vassalo
and child, James Vassalo^ Mrs. F. E. Dunlap
aijd sons. From .Vlrrlnla. L C"tjf.. Xev. T. M
Tubman. From Paso RoM#» — C. Seldoman.
From Petaluma — Mrs. E. Newbnrgh. . Morris
Newburger. From Santa Crui— S. C. Heard
and" wife. C. TV. Waldron. From Chlco Mm,
J. . J. Mor»head, Alma Morehead. ¦ From Los
Angeles— Ci. P. Jennings. A. A. Van Arsdale.
From San Jos* — Maud* Perrv. Amy L. Perry.
From Ban'Mat«o— B. F. Roule. From Kansus
— Mlnnl* -Dortd. From Oakland — Amelia Bel
lander, Mrs. F. Pellander. Fpnm*Mar\-!>vllle
ft. B-tsnan and *lf». • Ml»s Nellie Bresnan,
Mr*. M. Rr*?n*n.Frr>m Orovllle— T>rtis Tuck
er. MImAIW Wolf, Mr*. C. W. Huls*. From
Sj»lt Lak* Citv— R. M. Gr*i' and .family. Miss
K»th»rW. "Waldfo^el. From Denver, Colo
William Buck and family.
'AT CAMP" VACATION— Charles Peyton
Pritchard. K. Harrington, • M. " Brannan.' " W.
Collins. Mrs. L. Brannan.- Mrs.- M. E. Fink
John Ferrin and wife. MUs Ferrin. H O.
Rodgers. William Huselbock George H Hurd
P. Caubsl*. F. G. .N>gle. wffe and" child, g!
Helen Ffndlayson. Carolyn Flndlay sen. 'Pauline
Murray. Mrs. John Schlosser, Mary Schlosser
Mrs. E. F. Clark, George H. Carter. Mrs.
Miyer and children. May Miller. Mr. Ahlbach
Miss Ahlbach, W. C. Day, Mrs.. M. E Day,
Mr. • and ; Mrs. . BrJllng. Mr. and ¦ Mrs'. Van
Deverson. Rice Farrin^ton. Mr. and Mrs K
B. Cooper. 3. P. Brady. Mr*; Sraoot, H. M.
Ross and wife.' Joseph Cereghiqo.- \W. A.
Dutcher.- George Parrish.- James RandatI Mr
and Mrs. L. P. Stump, Pavld E. Johnson,
Mr. and Mrs. Christ, Jensen. Maye Collin*,
Minnie Wiedeman, -A. W. Wilson, Kate Steer,
Fred Sodenberg.Miss U M. Neal Miss A- M.
Boyce. Iy%uls Van Vliet Jr., Preston Morris,
Beatrice Qutjada, Matilda QUIJada. Emily
Bellisle. Mrs. M. Austin. Miss Ethel Austin.
Miss D, Hahn, G. U Casey, ,W. S. Stone and
wife, .Ada and Harriet Stone, E. J. Bell, A.
W. Potts. L. D. Stone., Mr. and Mrs. E. P.
Vining. MI?3 Ellen ' Vinlnr. Miss Clalrs Mar
shall. John Meyer, E., E. Ellis,. M. S. Hawser,
F. R." McReynolds,' D. J. EaHey,;wife and son.
AT. SEIGLER SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco-Mrs . J S. Carroll Miss Helen Carroll.
Miss Loretta Carroll. Miss Eleanor Geimann,
Miss Hannah McGowan, Mls» E. Winters,' Miss
G. Prag. Miss Marie F. Jones. E. F. Douglass
J. W. Pember. Wi Chamberlain William G«t
mann, John Crowley. W. A. Ducammon Frank
X. Foley. Isaac Tuchler. Charles F. Gee
irus,. James Stapleton.- Mrs. Martell, Mrs G.
C. Sweeney, Mrs.' Nellie F. Carr.' Miss' A*
Burness. Mrs. J. E. Burneas, Miss Maud Sil
verton. Fred W. Frederlckson. Joseph Ramirez
Miss Irene Geimann. J. F. Dunleavy. From
Oakland— Sophia Llilienthal. Beatrice Harring
ton; W. P. Weston. J. F. . Kelley, E. .F Far
rell,T>. Bohn.'.J.F. Glover. John Presho and
wife. Mr. and Mrs. G. L. Curtis, John West
phal. Miss Kate Carrol. "From -.Sausallto
Miss • Elinor Whaley. 1 Mrs. J. Frank Jones,
Mrs. J. Gardner. Herbert Hunt. From Napa
—Mamie Carbon), Mrs. Malandrlno, -Mrs. • F.
Gleseke and son. From Sacramento — .Eddie
Hothammer. Frank E. Mead and wife, Mi«s
Goldle Johnson. C.« D. C'lanton, G L. 'Mead
From San Jose— W. E. McLellan; Roy Hughes
and wife, James Carrincton.. .- ¦ ¦•
. At 8ARATOGA SPRINGS: Prom San Fran
cisco— Miss E. M. White. H.'Jewall J Law
son and wife, .C. D. Bloom, Miss L. Peletier,
M ** J.'Ierael, D. Peabody, F. H. 'Jacob!,* Miss
Josie Qanlels. Miss-Annie Lawrence, .William
Alberta, Pat Muldoon. .John Doyle. From; Oak
land—L. Landers, G. L. . Curtis and wife.
Miss' A.,Laymance, D. P. Curry, G. Durham
and wife. From Callstoga— F. A. Miller, Hen
ry May. From Yolo— M. Nolan Mrs. I No
l* n « ?• F - de Rosc ' MlM M - «5" Rose. From
\allejo— It. F. Harrington. H. p. Kaiser
Leonard Harrington and wife. From Sausa
lito—F. L. McManuB. A. L. Bagley and wife.
Mrs-. E. E. Campbell. C. M. Brown, Miss
Louisa Brown. From Chicago— Mrs W Dyer
From Woodland— A . D. Porter and wife From
San Jose— J. Miller, P.- H. Kroeger. ' From
Sacramento — Charles Harris. From Portland
Ore.— C.-D. Page, George Loese. V. Hofer.
AT MARK WEST SPRINGS. Sonoma County:
From San Francisco — C. L. • Trowbrldge Mrs.
C. L. Trowbridge. MlssEudora Trawbrldge,
K. J. Lean, Mrs. £. J. Lean, Mr. and i Mrs.
Walsch, Mrs. Samials, W. F. Wedemyer
Mr«. Captain Sandberg, Miss . Rose Sandberg.
Miss Holtz, Master Rothlnger, j Mr. .Zlmmer
man,~~Mr». J. L. Hydes, Miss Hydea, -Mr.
and • Mrs. Bloom. ¦•-- From Petaluma
Miss McGovern. -- Mlw Lowe, O. W.
Blrdsall and son. Mr.- Seeley. Mr. Mc-
Dowe. Mr. Bosch. From Valjejo— Mr. Garrojd,
Miss Tompson, Miss Roggen, -Mr. Tompson
From Alameda— Mr. Willis, Mlsa Willia. From
Glen Ellen — Mr. Ringston. From ' Oakland— F
Kritie, G. Leland. From Santa Roaa— Miss
Willlame, A. W. Kayser, Miss Thorn, Miss
Gracy. . . -
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS: "From San
Francisco — R. P. Grubb and wif e, . D. • Draf
fln. Mrs. T. Irwln. Miss L. Draffln. C. L.
Heyman, Mrs. - C. I*. Mason, ''J. • v. .Jackson
and wife,' E. F. Armstrong, Charles Xowe and
wife. Mrs. H. Harris.- T. F. Chatfleld, Miss
Spleker, Mr. Hess and wife, Thomas Ashwortu
and wife. William 'J. McCarthy, Mr. "and Mrs.
Laib, Mr. and Mrs. Brown, Mrs. C. R. Over
holtzer. J. W. Pember. From Oakland— Miss
A. Smith. E. B. Meyers, George H. Wheaton,
J. W. Mathews and ' wife. . From • Stockton
Mathew • 'McDlannld, Mrs./ R. * M. -Perrin.
Anita B.'Perrln, C. C. Swain and wife. Mrs.
C. Swain, Mrs. Lyon. -' From Santa Rosa— C
A. Page. From Petaluma— F. Maclay. From
Berkeley — Mrs. J. Kenney. From San Jose —
Frances Dudley. From Boston— D. V. .Mc-
Lean. From Woodland — J. .Craig and wlf«,
Mrs. J. S. Craig and son,- Miss Cassie Craig,
Miss M. A. Craig. \ From Los Angeles — Mrs.
M. G. Jones and sons. From Healdsburg — H. K.
Thornton and wife. From Sacramento F B.
Smith and wife.. W. A. Smith, Z. Q. Smith.
From Glehbrook— C. C. j Caldwell. From
Napa— A. P. Voorhees. A. McKenale. •
: .. •' - 'X' •¦¦•'; ' V.-- ..• :
Miss Belle O'Brien.' Mrs. J. H. Keef«, Master
Harold Keefe. . ' " )
WHERE THE TOWN-WEART
FOLK BLISSFULLY REST
THE -SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNPAY, AUGUST 44; > 190*.
Men 'do hot" give any ' "showers" for
a man- about to be married, but they
never '..fail to" stand by.' him in the
storms that come' after he is married.
Permanent organization of the Bask
of Italy -was effected last Friday night
by the election of the following of
ficers: A. Chlchlsola, president: A. P.
Giannlni, vice president and chairman
of the executive committee; Georga G.
Caglieri, cashier; . Charles F. Gron
dona. secretary; Joseph F. Cavagnero.
attorney. The bank has leased the
quarters at the northwest corner of
Montgomery avenue and Washington
street. They will be remodeled and
opened for business early In Septem
ber.
Bank of Italy Organizes.
The United States .Civil Service
Commission announces an • examina
tion 'at Sari Francisco, August 31, to
fill' a. vacancy in the position of apl
cultural clerk, either sex, in the Bureau
of. Entomology. « Department- of Agri
culture. ¦ Age limit,— 20 years- or over.
Salary. $720, per annum. Apply to the
United States Civil Service 1 Commis
sion, Washington, D.;C, or to the sec
retary of •¦ the Board of j Civil Service
Examiners, Postofflce. ¦ San Francisco,
fpr" application"/ form -304., which
should be filed with -the commission at
Washington.-: •<-. . •
Aplculturist Wanted.
Among the many distinguished visit
ors now in San Francisco is a party of
Baltimoreana at the Palace, consisting
of Mrs. T. Harrison Garrett. Mrs. Ho
ratio W. Garrett, Miss Chi Sells and
Dr. R. B. "War-field.
Mrs. T. Harrison Garrett is the widow
of the founder of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad, and Mrs. Horatio W.
Garrett is her daughter-in-law.
• • •
The wedding will tak« place 'durlns
the winter.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Alice Grace Caldwell, daughter of
¦William and Mrs. Caldwell of Clover
dale, to A. Edward Roberts, a clever
young business man of San Diego, and
well known in this city.
Miss Caldwell bears with much craco
the belledom of Clover dale— no Incon
siderable honor for a town famed for
its beauties.
39
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Andean other fadal blemishes ar« removed by
MISS LOIS GRAY, formerly MRS. DR.
TRAVERSE. Donoho* bid*.. 1170 Market St..
cor. Taylor.rooms 28-29. with tho electric n«e<Ua;
permanency g*uarant<*d: hour* 1 to 4 p. m.
Out* of *Town T^\ /SSfiasr f^ /^eI Our Hew Fall
Patrons IVl \Jr • Catalogue
gSSs ©tetW^M^ SsisS
JSSSSSL, "•'"¦y "" stmt.su. C>S»^S***> SJFSbSl
ter yourself. Store Opens 8 JO Jf.M. f Closes 5. SO P. M. : % K copy free *
The Final Clearance Sale of
|| Ladies' Waists Starts Monday
¦'.'¦¦ •v^>-, _ . fTklrd Flo«r, -Kearay St.)
The best Waist values of the year will be offered you here to-mojrow. We've had a most suc-
cessful Waist season and are, therefore, willing to sacrifice the- balance cf our stock to make room
for the incoming Fall and Winter goods. They are all entirely new/of this season's most fetching
styles, in Lawn, Linen, Cheviots, Percales, Chambrays, etc., and they are reduced this way:
95c WAISTS. REDUCED TO. ........ 60c $3.00 WAISTS REDUCED TO $2.00
|1.25- WAISTS REDUCED TO. 90c $3.25 WAISTS REDUCED TO ...$2.25
$2.25 WAISTS REDUCED TO. $1.50 $3.50 WAISTS REDUCED TO $2.50
Ladies' High Grade Neckwear Reduced
, ¦- - '• • ¦ (Firtt *n«or Kearay St.)
Almost important $ale takes place in our Neckwear Department to-morrow — not an offering of
odds and ends, but beautiful, stylish Fancy Silk Stock Collars that are strictly up-to-date and ex-
tremely fashionable— many are in lace, some beaded, some with fancy stitchings, others in
novelty Persian effects, all in newest designs— and at the prices they are marked should fairly
crowd the department- •
95c EACH — For Styles That Originally Sold For $1 .25, $U50 tnd $1.75
$1.35 EACH— For Styles That Originally Sold For $2.00, |2.50 and $2.75
. . $1.95 EACH — For Styles That Originally Sold For $3.00, $4.00 and $5.00
Ladies' Fine Kid Gloves, 95c Pair
Every Pair Fitted. and Guaranteed
(First Floor Kearny St.)
A special purchase of over 3000 pairs of Ladies' Kid Gloves go on sale to-morrow, a bargain oppor-
tunity of which our customers should promptly avail themselves, for never have such fine quality
Gloves been offered at the price. Every pair is in perfect.condition — have three clasps and neatest
Paris point embroidery — colors are tan, mode, beaver, red, slate, navy, brown and
white — would be considered reasonable at $1.25 pair. Sale price Monday « v—^C
Fall Costume Silks Crocheted Slippers, pf £.
(First Fleer Kearny St.) (Third Floor Ketray St.)
New Silk Arrivals — and you are sure to like them — . Ladles' pretty Crochet Slippers, made by hand of the
we've never shown handsomer. Among them are best grado of 8-fold Germantown wool, with Peerless
•Chiffon Taffetas and Peau de Cygnes, in splendid va- soles — colors art brown, gray and pink. They are
rieties of fancy figured, new basket weaves and charm- worth $1. 00 a pair, but we have only sizes 4, 5, 6 and
ing shot effects — also new plaid and pin check designs- . 7 left and to closa out the stock quickly, we make the
Early choosing is advised. Price* range price, for Monday,
75c, $1,00 and $1.25 per Yard 65c. a Pair
Fine Knitted Underwear for Ladies
— 1— . — — _ Six Stirring Specials for Monday
(Mala Aiste Kearny Street) •
Ladies' Fine Lisle Thread Vests, Swiss Ladies' fine ribbed .white Cotton Eques- Ladles' ribbed Merino Union Suits, high
ribbed, low neck, no sleeves, -** trienne Tights, knee or ankle j-/**,/* neck and long sleeves, wfiite «, ,^-
whiteonly; special at... ..... 5UC length; worth 75c pair, at — -MIC only; real value $2.50 suit, at *pl««-^
Ladies' Swiss ribbed Lisle Vests, with Ladies* heavy spun silk ribbed Tights, Ladies* Silk and Wool Union Suits, In
hand crocheted yokes, white, | — c ankle length, white, pink or i - A high neck with long or short e
pink or sky; worth $1.75, at sky; real value $2-25 pair, at«pl«3" sleeves; worth $3. 50 suit, at..«P^«CO
We are. Agents for the Tpsilanti Undencear — a complete stock ef all grades and styles always on hand.
Cotton Drapery in Splendid Varieties
, . > ' (Second Floor Sutler Street)
It's a pleasure to shop in our Drapery Department ; it is so roomy and bright, and particularly
good are the- values we are now offering. If you have need for Portieres, Lounge Covers, Bed
Spreads or Bedroom — a minute's study of these items is certain to be of benefit to you.
SILKOLINES— 36 Inches wide, all CRETONNES— In light color grounds ART -TICKINGS — In latest floral
new -floral designs, best «<¦¦¦»,/,» with prettyflower designsr3o . ,gy effects on light color grounds; <**-
.«. quality,, per yard.. . — IZ/3C Inches wide, per yard......... 1«C 36-lnches wide, per yard...... «3UC
BURLAPS— 36 inches wide; in solid DENIMS — best quality, .36 : Inches FIGURED TAFFETA — 36 inches
green, delft, red, brown and 4 c n wide, in plain olive, red, brown **ji/» wide, exquisite floral designs, An
natural color, per yard '.*.. and blue; per yard -6UC In choice colorings; per yard .. 4UC
.*__¦_. AD VKKTTKTrMTiTVT«.
oooooooooocoQaooooQe-9oeQ-9oooo&eoo690-*oeoeoo4
! LS Y OF r Are IS
; Dry Goods "^^^^^ Company.
1 j
I -¦¦¦— SEMI- ANNUAL== I
I I TNFN SAT F
'% £* f Having been successful in se-
o O2I110l6 curin 8: t^ e Sample Tablecloths, in
S * sizes 8-8 up to 10-24; Sample Napkins,
5 T . to 5-8 and 24 and 27 inches, of the
'. % LOTS following well known Irish and Scotch
£ linen manufacturers:
I n f Richardson Sons & Owdin
-• . VI (BELFAST)
I r ,. Erskine & Beveridge
"•$ lir.6 (DUNFERMLINE)
S Shields & Company,
;• T« (PERTH)
:• •- LmCn And a full line of Sample Cloths,
o Napkins and 3>4 and 4 yards square
• rin'flie cxtra ot^ s or rounc^ tables
• VI 0 IllS from the celebrated house of
v John S* Brown & Sons
O 5111/1 (BELFAST)
o We will place these choice linens
• • _ upon our. counter at
j Napkins Importation Cost,
i --^-^-^^Accmmilations
o Remnants of Table Linens, Tablecloths, Hemstitched Tray
o Covers, Richly Embroidered Tray Cloths and Runners? Odd
• Embroidered Sheets, Pillow Slips and Shams and Fine Em-
• . broidcred Towels, at
• =Less Than Importation Cost=
J CITY OF, PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
q Qttij and StocVicn Streets, Unioa Squire.
9 ¦ Eau Corlier makes the hanis white tad soft by rubbing them with a few drops.• • • - - . - - . ¦ ¦ » ¦
ITHE. SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST, 14, 1904.
40
SEAL ESTATE— rCITY — FOB SAT^E.
SHA1NYVALJJ, UUCKBEE & CO..
218 and 22i> Montgomery St..
..... .. . Mills. buildinz. . . • .
$40,000— Post st. near Taylor; 2 frontages;
40 foot lot; rrand site to erect moatrn
building. •
$8,230 — Devlsadero-st. corner, hear Eddy, with
,';::¦/ flne 2-story residence: lot 23x100 ft.;
price In very reasonable.
$25,000— Washington St., near Locust: new
y Presidio Heights residence; grand ma-
i rl -\ '-': :'. Tine view; 12 rooms and baths; lot 55x
»>":; 127:814 ft.; one of the choicest bargains
In this beautiful section.
$10,000— Filbert st, near Hyde; flne marine
view; residence of 10 rooms and bath;
lot 48x137:6 ft.
$28,000— Bush-et. flats, northwest corner of
Pierce; 3 new flats on corner and resl-
•/': idence on Pierce St.; 7 and 8 rooms in
«ats; 8 rooms and bath In residence;
rents about ?200 per month; lot 30x100;
always rented.
$7,000-iBroadway, nr. Devisadero; flne site for
residence; lot 38:0 feet front; grand ma-
' rine view; a bargain.
$6,000 — Devisadero near Halght; residence, 8
rooms and bath: lot 25x125.
$7,500— Howard st. near EiKhth: 3 flats rent-.
Ing for $64 60 per month; lot 25x85 feet.
$7,500— Unlon-st. corner, near Devisadero:
elegant marine view; lot 62:6x110 feet;
must be sold.
$3,250 each— Filbert, near Scott: magniflcent
marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 each and
corner 55x137:6 feet; 1-5 cash, balance
on easy terms.
$17.000 — 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison, 70x95 ft.;
flne alt* for modern business building.
$775 each — Choice marine view lots; Lake
St., 26th and 27th aves.; ready to build
on; price Includes all street work, sew-
ers and sidewalks; will double in value
In one year; cash or easy terms if de-
sired.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
I — — —
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery St.. Mills bid.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
ELLIS-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$42,500 — 00x125; a corner on' Ellis St., near
Buchanan; Improvements consist of houses and
flats In good condition, renting for $340 per
month; must be told at once on account of
departure of ov.ner.
LARGE MARKET-ST. LOT.
$27,B00 — 113 feet on Market by 127 on Church;
adapted for either stores or flats.
FRANKLIN-ST FLATS.
$20,000 — Franklin St., near O'Farrell; three
new, sunny flats, renting for $170 per month.
RAUSCH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
• $5000 — Rausch St.. near Howard; Improve-
ments consist of flats, renting for $51 per
month,
NEW BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
$9750—30x103; Brod3rlck St., near Green; 2
substantially constructed new flats; marine
view; renting fcr $75 per month.
FREDERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$1850—25x100; south line of Frederick St.,
near Wlilard; adapted for home.
PROMINENT UNION-ST. CORNER.
$25,0C0 — Six new flats of 0 rooms and bath
each, renting for $26S8 per
CHEAP MISSION HOME.
$3750 — 31x122:6; Howard St., near 19th; im-
provements consist of comfortable cottage of
Fix rooms and bath; a splendid bargain,
COR. SACRAMENTO AND STEINER STS.
$20,000 — 51:3x120, corner Sacramento and
Stelner sts.; Improvements consist of cottages
and flats, renting for $132 50 per month; street
work accepted.
CARL- ST. LOT.
$3800 — 50x137:6; Carl. St., . near Clayton;
splendid location for flats."
AAAAAA. , . r>e;
A HOME BUILT FOR $1 25 PER WEEK.
SELECT THE LOT ANYWHERE IN THE
CITY.
:-. -o . zzz
WE BUY AND BUILD TO SUIT YOU.
WRITE OR CALL.
MUTUAL HOME BUILDING ASSOCIA-
TION (INC.).
427 CROSSLEY BLDG.
Phone John 2026.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
NEW SUBDIVISION
NEW SUBDIVISION
$1400 TO $2250
$14C0 TO $2260
The beautiful new block bounded by Duboee
ave., Devisadero, 14th and Castro sts. Is now
ready for sale. The streets are all made.
Devisadero St., Duboce ave. and 14th sts. are
sewered, bitumlnlzed and granite curbed.
Don't delay. See this property at once. Eight
houses are already built or In course of
erection; will ste.it 3 more this week. A few
lots are already told, so co to-day and see' the 1
property and secure yoar choice (there is al-
ways a choice). \ .
No property in the city so close to town for
the money. Lots twice the distance are selling
for as much more, Rwnember they cobimand
fins views, as tuefr are slightly elevated: the
hills to the west orotect it and make it the
warmest spot in the city. Good neighborhood
and fine turroundlnsrs. • Near Duboce Park.
Easy terms, or.e-tifth cash, balance in 2, 3
and 4 years, or will make them to suit you.
Take Halght-street cars, get off at Scott or
Devisadero st; land two blocks distant. Branch
offlce on the property; open daily, including
Sundays, from 11 to 4. Don't delay.
LYON & HOAG, ; /.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
. HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We Lead in Bales of Oceanslde Lots! Why?
Choice st. Locations! Lowest prices! Mildest
Climate!
: l;. v Don't Miss This Golden Opportunltyl
$5C0 to $1200— Graded; ready for building.
Splendid view of ocean from every lot.
Nothing; Ilk* It In this city. All bargains!
Easy terms I
$100 to $300— Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch offlce, corner H "st. and!
47th ave.; also corner 49th ave. boulevard and i
K et. Open Sundays.
$500 to $1200— Choicest Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
$300 to . $1000 — Cheapest Richmond lots and
near Spreckels Lake and park; on installments.
$160 to $400 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots;
$5 monthly.
$1000 to $1000— Modern Cottages In Sunset,
Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior Homestead.
Low. prices 1 Easy terms I
SOL GETZ & EON. Owners and Dealers.
Room i S4. Chronicle Building.
FOR SALE BY - ¦ ~~~ "
:--'*:¦ JULIEN SMITH.
Real Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery st.
• BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Store and flat, with flat above, stock of dry
goods and notions, good will of business: nice
family trade;' Western Addition; between" two
cable roads; lady owner; roust sell and retire;
good business opportunity; price $8250.
$8000—3 NEW. flats.- 4-4-5 rooms: 4- room cot-
i •. tage and barn; cor. lot 25x114:* rent' $83.
I Owner. 208 r Vleksburg st., near 24th. \
$6. r »0— Northeast corner 19th ave and ' B sts.,
• 32:0x100 ft.; ft cash. Apply 129 Powell st.
RTt*Ii ESTATE — CITT — TOS SAXS.
OSCAR HEYMAN c and HETMAN COMpANY>
14 POST STREET.
OCEANSIDE LOTS.
$5 down and $5 monthly will secure you
one of our $100 lots; grand view of; the • oe«".
sure to double in value; they are selling fast.
BOULEVARD LOTS. . •
Level building lots; all fenced and Y 1 ""*
' 1 block of the electric cara; on 4»th a%e. and
Fulton St.; these lots on the market only
a short time; 4 housesjilready built.
RICHMOND LOTS.
26th ave. and West Clay st.; only
graded and sewered; unobstructed v lew -of
the Golden Gate and Presidio; will be worth
$100 a foot in 10 years.
23D AVE.. NEAR FULTON.
$450 each— Choice lots; 1 ; block from the
cars.
LOTS IN THE MISSION. .-o^t-.t-.
LOTS IN THE EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD.
LOTS IN THE POTRERO DISTRICT.
LOTS IN THE HEYMAN RACT.
LOTS ON THE SAN BRUNO ROAD.
Send for Diagrams.
$550^-4 level lots, Including small barn; 1
block from the Mission-st. cars; Spring \ al-
ley water pipe; a snap.
Don't fall to look at these homes " to-day.
Agent on the premises to show you around
from 2 to 6.
NO. 12 HOFFMAN AVE.
. Elegant 6- room and bath cottage; grand
view of the bay; built on the latest plans;
electric lights, etc.
NO. 837 ALVARADO ET.
Now being finished; beautiful 5-nn. and
bath cottage; all rooms on 1 floor; wired for
electricity; modern in every way; lot 37:tSx
118 feet. Take ajiseion-st. cars, transfer to
22d st., ride to Hodman ave. to see these 2
cottages, and walk 2 blocks north to Al-
varado st.
VERMONT AND 25TH STS.
Now being built; IVj stories; 5-room and
bath cottage. Look at this place and see
how well It is built; only 1 block from the
24th-st, car house; in the warm belt of the
Mission.
SILVER AVE. AND SAN BRUNO ROAD.
2 new 4-roorn and bath cottages; just com-
pleted; lots 50x120; all level and only >i
block from the cars; very easy terms. Take
Folsom-st. cars, transfer to Precita ave., ride
to Silver ave. and Inquire forxL. Welnstein,
who will show you these places.
OCEAN BEACH COTTAGE.
1626 48th ave. at $1450; 3- room cottage,
partly furnished; cheap.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 POST ST.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
No. 1615 Lyon St., bet. Bush and Pins sts.
An excellent opportunity to get a modern
8-room eunny home. Can be bought on easy
terms.
RICHMOND FLATS.
$5000—2 newly built flats on California st;
pays 15 per cent annually on the investment.
SIXTH-STREET INVESTMENTS.
$20,000—60x85 feet on Sixth St.. with 23XS5S
on Harrison St.; Improvements in first-class
condition.
$6200— 85x100 on Florida st., near 13th
Bt; rents $57 50 per month.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 POST 8T.
Also Offlce of the JACOB HEYMAN CO.
C M. WOOSTER CO.. 643 MARKET ST.
$5000 — 3 flats on Valparaiso st.. near Mason;
rents $564.
$21,000—30:6x120 to rear street; Post st.. be-
tween Larkln and Polk; improvements. 2 flats;
rents low, $1320; great apartment-house site.
ELEGANT DOWN TOWN FLATS.
$19.000 — Three new flats, up to date In all
details; 8 rooms, bath, etc.; half block from St.
Mary's Cathedral; rents over $1900; lot 25x
137:0; one of the best buys on the market.
$10,000 — Mason St., near Broadway; 48:9x100;
7 flats; rents $1006; big value.
$4500— Handsome cottage; 6 rooms; porcelain
bath; large reception ball; lot 27:0x137:0;
Golden Gate. ave.
$3200 — Sanchez st., near Twenty- fifth; 2 flne
flats 'in A No. 1 condition; always rented for
$384; $2000 required; pays 13 per cent; for this
fine bargain see us sure Monday.
$8700 — 2 stores; 4 flats on the business por-
tion of Paciflo st.; the present rents. $934, are
very low and can be greatly increased; lot
43:8 frontage.
44500 — 2 handsome new modern Cats of 4 and
5 rooms and bath; near Market and Sixteenth
sts.: rents $570. j-i-
A GREAT BUY.
$7750— A three- story building, well built.,
which can easily be remodeled into flats; they
will rent well and pay bis; on the key lot
from Polk St.. near California; lot 25x127:8^;
$2000 spent on this property will sell it for
$15,000; if you want to make a turn let us
show you how to do it.
$6750 — Rents $912; 6 flats near Golden Gate
Park; lot 25x100.
$5750 — Handsome residence, 9 rooms, in the
best condition; on Broderlck et., near Halght;
lot 25x100.
$52,500 — 137:6 frontage on Golden Gate avs.
corner near Jefferson Square; present improve-
ments pay $3600; can very easily be remodeled
into flats at a small expense.
$GGCO — Two beautiful new modern flats of 6
rooms and bath each; rents $630; extra large
lot. 34x95; near Golden Gate Park.
We advertise an entirely different list of
propositions In to-day's Examiner, Chronlcls
and Bulletin.
Don't fall to get a copy of our August cata-
logue. _^
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 6*8 Market st.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
410 MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOI^LARS.
SHOULD THE TITLE TO AN OWNER* 8
LOT prove worthless, after his building was
erected and be be not itisured by the Cali-
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Company
he would be exuosed to the loss cf both
land and bulldines. a misfortune much
greater in scop*' than that arising from fire.
AS A TRUST COMPANY WE HAVE
FULLY COMPLIED with ths- statute and
deposited 100.000 dollars as security to pat- j
rons with the State Treasurer. In addition I
to our large capital. We act as executor. [
administrator, guardian of estates of minors :
or insane persons and furnish all necessary |
bonds. - «¦ ' ¦!¦¦"_ • ;' i
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE !
INSURANCE COMPANY having a complete i
locality plant or cosy of the real estate
records, constructed especially for insuring
real estate titles like modern plants of New I
York, Boston. Chicago and Eastern cities:
' reasonable rates; regular trust company
business transacted under State charter; all
matters, controlled and managed by the fol- j
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Banx of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
• • Vice President Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour. Guthrle & Co.
HERNY L. DAVIS. :
President California Optical Co. i
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
_ Manager Anglo-Caiirornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Att ys and Counselors. I
CHARLES PAGE.
Pace. McCutchen & Knight. Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mtr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist, 530 California st.
.^ . . u
$1 25 PER week: no Interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
PRICES reduced to clcse an account — On south
j aide 2Cth st.. bet. Noe and Sanchez 150 feet.
i of which 10O feet run through to Liberty st
I ' and improvements; northeast corner Noe and
21at sts. 57xl0o feet. Inquire of HENRY
GUMBEL. 70 Clementina st. f**.""
NEW flats, u and 8 rooms, convenient to Mis-
sion and Guerrero cars; rents $»2 50 per mo •
price $50CO; easy terms, or will take unim-
proved city, lots fcr part or all. Address box
48. Builders' Exchange. 10<J Jessie st.. S. F.
MODERN cottage, 3 r. and b. on °3d
. rst.; one block to cars; lot 25x114
$1500— Cottage of 5 r. and b.. on Arlington st.
Mission Realty Co.. 3297 Mission st.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot included
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Horee Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
FIVE rooins. 1^-story cottage, bath: modern;
10 minutes' walk to Park. Box 4220, Call.
FOR sale or exchange for vacant lots. 2 flats,
5 and g rooms. Apply 4045 Nineteenth «l
$5750 — HOUSE. .10 rooms. 2 baths; suitable, 2
tenements: marine view; terms easy; owner
leaving city. 1737 Green st.
SEAT, ESTATS— CITx* — TOR SAU;.
THOMAS J. ST ANTON & CO..
417Vi Pine st.. rooms 2 anl .T
foG.CCO — A Market-st. investment; lot c; f^
front on Market, through to another
street; bulldins with stores on loth
fronts; the test buy on Market st.
$S5, SCO— Fine business property: on Pine st.;
large lot, near Montgomery st. ; a bar-
gain.
123.500 — =A prrmlnent &l-st. business corner;
- th* only corner en od st. for sale.
$19,500 — Lar^e business corner; hlrrhly im-
proved in store.* and fiats: rent *l.t2 5t>
$10,000— A grand business corner; large stors
- and living rooms!) In the rear an>l Urge
flat of 7 rooms and bath up: let SQxlUfc
$6.5C0 — Two 2-story and high basement briclc
houses on Powell st. ; a. snap.
$5,000 — Two new, up-to-Uate flata; 2 lou, 50*
120: a sacrifice.
i $5,CC0 — Nice business property, as good as
new; only one block of Market st. ;
store and 4 rooms and larse flat of •;
rooms and bath up; this Is a snap.
: $7,000 — A Washlnjrton-st. Investment; store
and flats; very cheap.
J.;.53O — Two good flats: i:tth and Folsom sta. :
always rented: good income.
$3,230 — 2 flats in the Latin quarter: always
rented and good Income property.
$2,650—2 nice flats cf 5 and 6 rooms each in
Western Addition: a snap.
AN exceptionally Imposing Gothic dwelling.
, Just completed; the exterior at once gives
the impression of the dignity, comfort and
steadfast ailherer.ee to all that Is in keeping
with that period of design that Is tt> be
found within; the projecting windows cf ar-
tistio leaded glasa, built of selected .redwood,
stalred to show the grain; the large sealed
redwood door, with immense brass hinges;
the two towering dormers, pointing In grace-
„ ful curves upward from the second floor;
this beauty cf exterior Is equaled by the ca-
paclousnetis of luxury of the Interior, as the
house Is built on the full width of the 30-foot
lot; 0 rooms and bath; beam celling; walla
paneled In natural woods; special designed
fireplaces: window seats; front and rear
stairs; furnace; nothing omitted in ideal
home; marine view; terms to suit. 009 Asa-
bury St.; take Halght or Ellis, transfer to
Masonic ave.
$3,100— ELEGANT 7- room cottage; in Mission
warm belt: can be had with, a little
cash down and balaxico in small monthly
payments, same as rent
$6,0CO — 3 new. modern flats: In best part sf
the Richmond district; pays $30 per
month: all rented.
$18,000— Elegant corner, near Pass and Ma-
sonic; 3 new, up-to-date flats; fina is,-
come; must be sold at once; maks offer.
Cottages — We sell cottages 1n any part of th*
city for cash or installments: Just a lit-
tle cash and a small monthly payment,
same as rent.
Ring up for our salesman to call.
SUNSET REALTY CO..
Room C13 Emma Spreckels Buttdta*.
Phone Folsom 1532. 92T Market st.
THE best recommendations are- fair dealing*,
treating everybody alike. th» rich as well
as the poor. We need not solicit trail*, our
numerous patrons seed us" the customers.
Our record for this week is three more homes
to be built. Readers of this who ar« noe
fortunate enough to own their own homes
can be provided for by us on most favorable
monthly payment terms. Our list of lots is
very complete; we can glvs> you all the ref-
erences you reaulre.
WE1SSBEIN BROS. & CO.. Horn* ProrldsTB,
616 Sacramento st.
$1000— $20 DOWN. $10 monthly: fla* marine
V view lot; Greenwich st, near Scott. S153
Stelner st., afternoons.
FOR sale — (Ocean View) — 5-room cottags and
bath: poultry and outhouses; ICO-foot front.
120 Palmetto ave.
TWO lots and two houses for sale: price $1400:
brings $29 month rent. See proprietor, 3223
Harrison st. >
MODERN cottage with modern improvements.
Owner, lumber yard. Army and Condon sta.
$16.000— GOOD business property: leased for
$1500 per annum. Hunsaker. 6 Eddy. r. 101.
, FOR rale — House. 6 rooms; modern. Inquira
120 Tremont av».
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 838 Howard st.
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS; up to date:
turns to suit purchasers: large lots on Fred-
erick, west of Wlilard. Sam Glass, builder,
on premises.
BEAI. ESTATE— COTTaTaY— Por Sal*.
WHITE** BAYLEY.
Successors to
VT. 3. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$7 50 per acre; best stock ranch in Hum bold:
County; on the s!ope of the South Fork of th^
Eel River: 3500 acres grazing land; practically
all fenced-; good farmhouse: large barn; ICO
head fine cattle; ltfOO sheep; horses, and all
farming implements at market prices.
$3SOO — S miles or Eanta Rosai and sear sta-
tion; -ICussian River bottom; 25 acr«s; 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 5-roora and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; poultry-
houses; see this, and If yot» want only part of
It will sell unimproved portion at $100 per
acre: if you want to raise corn that will make
the Kansas article "side step" se* some of our
homes on the Russian River.
$2030 — 2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
garden soil; 8>4 acres bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit; good dwelling, barn, poultry houses;
horse, wagon, carts, plows, S sets harness,
tools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
flne crop.
$3500 — 34 acres; modern, up to date house
and buildings: fenced and cross- fenced; nearly
al! orchard; 2 miles of Watsonville.
$3200 — 10 acres level eandy loam; s;ood 4-
room bouse: flne barn; windmill and tank*:
water piped over ranch; S larg» poultry houses:
incubator. 2 brooders; farming tools; cow; 200
laying hens; easy terms; near Petaluma.
$2C00— Half-mile- of Sebastopol*. 10 acres; -2
acres timber; 4 acres orchard, balance vine-
yard: house, barn; on sew electrio road.
$2t>00 — Near Martinez; 123 acres bin land; TS
acres good plow land; well fenced; house, barn;
family orchard.
$5000 — 25 acres rlc*t sandy loam, near Ray-
wards; rolling; 4 acres vines; 8 orchard, all
bearing: balance hay; elegant 2-story residence.
10 rooms, bath: easy terms.
$2050—34 acres near Watsoavtlle; 200 apples:
8 acres flne DOtatoes; 2 acres timber; beUaac*
grain: S-rcora cottage, barn, outbuildings.
$l€0O — Sonoma City; 4 acres rich dark loam:
al! level: crchard; cozy cottage! cement cellar;
barn; windmill and task; 6 poultry houses; fs«d
room: 210 hens. We handlo all the. choicest
property in this vicinity and will b* pleased
to drive you around.
$6300— Near Santa. Rosa: 000 acres ; fenced 9
fields; 12 acres flne vineyard: 8 acres oronard;
8 Jersey cows: 2 horsea; tools; wagons; n*w 6-
room house': 2 barns; Blacksmith shop* W*
have 130 daces on our list near Santa tat.
See th«m.
ALFALFA LAXDS.
$100, per acre — One mi!» of Modesto; f acres
up; 'i cash.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto: 23 acres
up: >, cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl. oa ti» Woodbrtdf*
canal.
FINE DAIRIES UT HUMBOLDT.
We have a large, list of completely wiotaMd
dairies In the best section of Humboldt Co.;
20 acres up. ;
. ' $2.">O0 — Fine summer resort la Sonoma Ox ;
stage station and P. O. on place; 141 acres
controlling lOCO-arre rang*: 8 aersa beejius;
orchard: hay land: good house and 4 cottages,
all furnished; bath; dancing platform; corses;'
farming Implements; see this qntek.
$850— 3 miles of Geyserville; 2Vs acres; 6-
room hqus*. large barn. 2 good wells; rolling,
all In vineyard; oak trees; flne poultry farm.
SlOufl — Only 3 miles of Eanta Rosa; 19 acre*
black loam; 1 mile town: $300 down: flne for
roe'd house.
$5000 — Finest stock ranch In Southern Ore-
gon; U20 acres: 2 set No. I Improvements; 100
acres suitable for alfalfa or timothy; orchard;
carries 100 to 200 head of stock; 5 horses; tools;
40 tons hav: near railroad.
GOOD PROPERTY "WANTEXX
We have Eastern buyers for flrst-class farm
property and rout try farms.
$27vO — Rolling land: 160 acres, near Clayton:
RO acres plow land: house, barn, orchard; part
rash: over 1C0 choice farms In Contra Costa
Co. to offer vou to select from.
$3750— HumboMt Co. rich bottom land; 21
acres half mile "of Fortuna: 1 acre orchard;
new 5-room house, barn, outbuildings.
$8 per acre; -fine stock ranch. li>ti> acres; 10O
rich bottom land, balance rolling:: fenced and
cross-fenced: nice orchard: house: 2 large barns.
• $1500 — * acres rich Russian River bottom
land: half mi'e cf Geyservllle. Sonoma, Or :
• nhidi trees; house, barn, outbulldlnss. We
! have at least 40 small orchards ar.d vineyarrta
i to offer in this flne section, where the quality
I of the soil Is unsurpassed and farm mortgages
are practically unknown.
; $2500 — At Hopland: 42 acres: 7 bearlrur vlne-
yard: 8 hav and garden land: 2 bearir.r or-
chard; windmill, tank, tools. 1C0 layir.s hens:
haU cash.
$17C<> — Only 0 miles of San Jose, close to sta-
tion and town: ?.\ acres rolling land; 10 acres
1 bearin? prunes and cherrtes; good 5-room eot-
! tage. stable. • poultry houses; o summer houses
for summer boarders: runninr water; close u»
I school. See this quick.
$4750— On Guadalupe Creek. . south of Son
I Jose; :53 seres; 12 in full bearing orchard in
flne condition: balance cjntly sloping flne tfKf
land; fine creek; 25 masrilflcnt oak trees; 4-
room cottage; good stable: flne Income. We
' have a choice list of small homes. In Sant a
' ClJtra Co.; pleased to drtve you around and
J jhow ttein.
; FOR RENT.
• $300 ea*>h per. year; ltU acres. 2 rnilss of
' Grass Valley: roci house: nice cellar; 2 larg"
j barns and stable: Crt acres flne h«aring orchard:
.1 acr«3 bearing vineyard: generally lev«l; farm-
ing Implements; 2 horses: 9 Jersey cows; 13
acres timber; s«nerally level: party must "fur-
nish bond; would sell for $2O.0O0. ¦ /
S»nd stamp for the largest and most di-
versified printed list on »h« coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
"VT. J. WHITK.
2G Montgomery st. room .•.
, Property Exchanges' a Specialty.
27H ACRES chtan; near Watsonvtlls. Sant.*
Crua County. Apply 4032 Twenty-fifth St.,
San Francisco.
B3CAI. ESTATES-CITY — fOB SAIB.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, '
HAYES AND BRODERICK STS. n
$C,5C0. $2,500 : .. - 52,500 ,
These choice building lots. '
Street work all done. Lots
ready for building. Suitable ..
for houBC3 and flats. • •
?2.000 each— 3 lots on west side of Hyde st.;
right where the cars stop at Beach St.;
unsurpassed marine view; nothing like
these lots for view and price to be had
anywhere. ' - . .
$3,800— Choice marine view corner lot, 68:0x
100; can be subdivided and sold at a
profit; Larkln and Beach sts.: one block \
from Hyde st. cars; cannot obstruct the
vl*w.
$5,000— Business property on Castro st., closa !
to Market; substantial building; always
rented; store with rooms below, flat
above; rents $810 per year; excellent
business locality. * ,
$8,250— Rents $840 per annum; large lot, with
double frontage; iI5xl22;G; vicinity of
Van Ness ave. and Vallejo; flrst-class
renting location; buildings In perfect
repair; 2 flats and cottase. ¦ -
$18,500— Chance for speculation: large holding
, on Golden Gate ave., north line, close
to Jefferson square; large lot, 0S:9 by
full depth, 187:6; 3 residences, renting
for $1200 per annum; a flne lot to Im-
prove with new building.
¦$16,600 — Rents $1560 per annum: Sacramento
ot.. In one of the best business blocks;
new modern building of store and 2
flats; store rented under 6-year lease;
large lot,' 41:6x12" :8%; property pays
S\i Der cent net. . '
$35,000 — Elegant Broadway northwest ma-
rine view corner residence; large lot
. and splendid convenience throughout.
Full particulars at office.
Send 'to our offlce for a .copy of the Buyer
and Seller, our monthly catalogue, containing
a complete list of properties for eale. Free
for the asking.
We have a branch offlce at the corner of
H st. and 7th ave.. fronting the Park. Take
Ellis and Devisadero st. cars. Office open
Sundays and holidays. ! Horse and phaeton to
show you around. Most complete list of Sun-
set, Richmond, Park front, Parnassus
Heights and Ocean Boulevard home building
lots on the market. Also cottages, homes
and flats. Your own terms — email first pay-
ments, balance easy monthly installments.
Go out to-day and be shown around.
¦_____
RPRTK" A CCt
200 Montgomery St..
REAL ESTATE.
Selling. Insurance.
Leasing. Rents Collected.
$12,600— N.W. corner; vicinity Larkin and
Geary sts. ; lot 60x100, with improve-
ments: a decided bargain.
$40,000— $4200 yearly rent: lot 82x275, only
¦ partly lmcroved; 2 frontages; can be
leased for $400 per month.
$25,000— $2400 yearly rent; $15,000 6 per cent
bank mortgage can remain; lot 50x137:6;
splendid Investment
$20.000— $1740 yearly rent; Polk-str«et business
property; large lot; a good buy.
$16,000— $1U2O yearly rent; 3 new flats: vicinity
Ellis and Octavia; splendid tenants.
$15.000 — Superb new Western Addition flats;
lot 30x107 feet; rents $1590 year.
$13.500— Three flne W. A. flats; vicinity
Octavia and O'Farrell; renting for $112
a month; 25-foot lot.
$8,000— $840 yearly rent; 2 splendid flats with
11-foot basement that could at small ex-
penso be made into flat; lot alone worth
S6C00; 2 frontages.
$8,500 — $9C6 yearly rent; business corner north
of Market St.; a good safe Investment.
$0,600^ — $i»0O yearly rent; 3 fine flats close to
G. G. Park; on car line; best part of
Richmond district; a bargain.
$6,000— Income SC96 a year; C flats; one block
from Hibernia Bank and half block
from new Postofflce.
$5,500 — $570 yearly rent; under lease: new,
modern Improvements; downtown busi-
ness property near Market St.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS. .
$35,000 — N.W. corner; unsurpassed marine
view; 137:6xl2S; • 3 frontages; choice
residence section of San Francisco.
$9,000 — Near Waller and Masonic; 75x125;
want offer.
$6,750—50x137:6; splendid residence site: Pa-
cific HelghU district; north side of
street.
$1,000 — Market St.; 25x100; close to coming
business section.
$3,500—50x125; Masonlc-avs. lot; splendid
piece. • :
SPECK & CO.,
209 Montgomery st., opp. Mills bldg.
HOAG & LANSDALE. ~ ~"
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
"WASHINGTON-ST. FLATS.
Three new modern flats, 7, 7. and 7 rooms;
sunny side; -fine location; rented $125 per mo.;
price reduced to $13,500; a bargain. .
NEAR THE PARK.
Three handsome, new. modern fiats, 1 block
from Golden Gate Park; finely, finished
throughout; 6, 6 and 7 rooms; lower flat leased
two years at $32 60; middle flat leased two
years at $33 monthly, and tenant pays all re-
pairs; upper will easily bring $35; lot 30x100;
a eplendid investment; price $11,000.
THE NEW RESIDENCE TRACT
Against the Presidio wall Is selling fast;
look at this tract before it Is too late; large
lots, 30 to 60 feet front, overlooking the golf
links and the Presidio -grounds; no flats al-
lowed: 5 beautiful residences to be started at
ones by recent buyers; prices from $65 to $75
per front foot; your chance to get a select
residence lot at a moderate price; send for
circular.
DOWNTOWN LOTS.
On Van Ness ave. and Lombard boulevard:
fine level building lots; street work all done;
marine view; prices very reasonable; from $80
per front foot upward; a flne chancs for a
builder; send lor rlat and prices.
GUERRERO ST..
Near 18th.; 8 flats; modern; rent $74 50;
price $10,000; offer wanted.
A cheap lot on Green st, near Octavia.
Si5^ 137:6: k ' y lot - ver y "unny; price only,
$3000; must be sold. r-~- •--¦:.*¦'
HOAG & LANSDALE.
108 Montgomery Bt.. San Francisco.
FOR sale— Beautiful Golden Gate-ave. corner.
37:6x96:10, with five new, thoroughly mod-
ern, magnificently finished flats; two flats of
9 rooms, threa flats of 4 rooms; five large
open fireplaces and two gas grates; large
flats have each two bathrooms; all dining-
room and library walls and celjings paneled
Flemish oak; hardwood floors to : «ialn rooms
and hall top flat; electrio light switches to
all rooms and halls; beautifully tiled bath-
rooms and thoroughly modern, finely finished
plumbing throughout: sunny all day and
beautiful view of entire city and bay; large
bllllard-room -In basement; large attic; builcl-
Ing construction throughout positively first
class: double floors and sheathing; no cheap
work and not built to sell; also a thorougfily
modern and sanitary two-story stable, 20x
37:6; stalls for three, cement drain under en-
?tlre stable.
Entire building leased: rents $2400; pries
$23,500 net; positively no agents or triflers:
not on market after August 20. ' Address
box 4279. Call office. •
$5 MONTHLT; choice level lot at Ocean View;
all ready for building; % block from car
line; easy terms; chance toget'a food lot
cheap.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$2250 — BARGAIN in a Richmond cottage: IOth
ave; close to cars: can arrange easy pay-
ments. McEWEN BROS, 118 Montgomery.
DO YOU KNOW THAT YOU CAN MAKE
MORE MONEY ON POINT RICHMOND
REAL ESTATE THAN ANYWHERE ELSE?
POINT RICHMOND IS GROWING FASTER
THAN ANY OTHER TOWN IN THE STATE.
' SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
LOTS LEVEL. $5 PER MONTH.
McEWEN BROS., 118 MONTGOMERY ST.,
BOLE AGENTS.
CITY OF RICHMOND. -¦
• LOTS $5 PER MONTH.
The California terminus of the Santa Fe
Railroad and the Standard OH Company Is at
Richmond; just across the bay from San Fran-
clsoo, where these corporations are spending
millions of dollars. Buy a lot If you want to
make money. Address RICHMOND LAND
COMPANY, Crocker Building, San Francisco.
NELSON, JOHNSON* CO.. . '
203 Montgomery st.. ©pp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE
Foreclosure, Probate and Forced Sales* of AH
• Kinds will be Found in Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS'. GUIDE.
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully selected .list of cheapest propertied
offered en tbs market In every location. Send
us your addrens and we will mail you one
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.
203 Montgomery st.. opp. • Mills bldg.
WE have an immediate customer for modern
10-room hom« in warm belt of the Mission*
n6 contract demanded ; call ' and submit us
your proposition. 410 Kearny st, room 9.
14 PER CENT, return: Mission flat*, on key
lot; street work done; $4400: mortgaged for
$1800. • O. H. FERGUSON. 409 California st •
! telephone Exchange 12. • ; .v,-' - . "-
FOR SALE— Lot 26x125: Chattanooga «t near
Twenty- second. • Apply 60 Chattanooga st.
MODERN home; Richmond District; 2 stories- i
0 rooms: Jot 25x120; snap. 410 Kearny st..r.9.'
• LOT 100x120 feet for sale cheap on account of
departure. Box U733, Call office.
JOllX D. SI'llECIvELS^.^.Pfonrlctor ;
JOHN" MoXAUGIIT Manager j
A<J6ret:s Comrr.unicaiir r.* «u v j
\V. J. MARTIN' .v. . Bastocssl Manager ,
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Curator \VV.\ Con-
nect You With the Department Yc^i W *sh.
Publication Office Market «nd Third. S. F.
Editorial Kocni* -'17 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Torn-.s by Mail. Including Pottage tCasn w ltn
Order} : ,„ „
DAILT CALL tinclud. Sunday*. 1 year... $S. 00
IJA1LT CALL (includ. .«ur.day>. « mo* 4^00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month .'?£
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year r)' 0 .
"vVEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • '-llZ*
Pnntwtf f Da !:>'...?$. SO Per Year Extra
J-OREJG., J g£S2r; / 4 . 15 per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I \\>ekly. 1-00 Per Year Extra .
• ALL POSTilASTKRS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVK SUCSCRIPTIONfa.
Sample Copic* v.Ill be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change cT «J£:
drcF» should I)* particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDKESS in order to Insure a
projr.pt s.nd correct compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
• I01« Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
• 21 4S Cester Street Telephone North .7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAUUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YOniC NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. ol
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
' Hotel ar.d Hoffman House. •
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: j
Eherratn House: P. O. News Co.; Great]
Northern Hotel: Tremcnt House: Auditorium j
. Hotel; Palmer Hou»e. ,
CHICAGO UnrRESENTATIVE: i
C. GEORGE KROGXESS..Mar<juette Buildlsg |
. (Lorg Distance Telephone, 'Central 2619.")
NEW YORK P.EPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITEI 30 Tribune Building!
NEW TOUK CORRESPONDENT-
C. C. CARLTON Hera.d Square
- - '¦' ¦'¦¦- ' : ¦ '•- -„¦ :' ; "*
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Kan Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every r,!i-lH in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
30*S Murket etrcct. eppoaita Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
rrT Montgomery street, comer Clay; open until
»:."0 p. m.
S"0 Have* rtreptt open unf.l B:30 p. m.
033 McXSSster Ktrcc-t; cpen until ft:l»O p. m.
' ns Lurkiri fcirwt: open until 0:30 p. m.
Ift41 MtPfcioa etreet; opea urtil 10 p. m.
If*; Eleventh ftrert: open until 9 p. ra.
JOG Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
o;ien until 9 p. m.
2200 Filimore Ftroct; open until 9 p. ra.
BEAT. ESTATE — CITY — rOS SAI.E.
LYON * J1OAG, 1H5 Montgomery st.
Serid fcr our printed list of property for j
esl? in alt sections of the city. I
NEW WKSTLKX ADDITION RESIDENCE. |
$SOf>r»— E*ey terms; S2U00 cash. balance
monthly; lo splendid larse rooms, reception ha!l.
hot air tumace. fine basement, etc.; this house
• is t*>ariifi:l in des^n; commands excellent!
linn; accepted sirvtt; everything done; In- ]
tenor finish unutually rood; hardwood floors;
curly redwood in hallE. etc.; dininc-room es-
I^cirflly elabtrate; take Haigkt-st. cars, get
off at Sooit Bt and walk two blocks south to
• Dub*>oe ave. ; house close to IXiboce Park; open
daily fcr inspection between 11 and 4.
RICHMOND LOTS— EASY TERMS.
S4S0 to $U0O—*;>0 <:ash. balance monthly; fine |
level lets ready for building; 35th ave. and j
Point Lobe*; Sutro cars pass property;, six new j
bu.lding* going up at present time. j
BAKOAIX LOT NEAR PARK. j
XZ-^T, "—Rent* fM 50: first and last time I
advertised; must t* sold; eplendid south of j
Market -st. investment; get particulars to-
murruw mcrr.ir.r.
COIIKKB PARK PANHANDLE. '
$1S.^5O— Rents *12<)0: 3 flats of 7 rooms and
bath each: northwest corner, in the best part
of r*-k I'anhandie; Urxe lot; abundance of
sun and lirht.
FLATS SOUTH OF MARKET.
$3000— :i fli.ts on Bryant St., near 3d; 6-5-6
ro-..nis and Lath each; slways rented; modern in
tray res;*ct.
ilL'ST KE SOLD AT ONCE.
S10.0CU— Rent over $1000; brand new building;
2 handsome fiats. C rooms and bath each; fin-
ished in lstest style, with every modern con-
venience: north oi and close to Market St.;
jarjre iot: accented street; splendid rua and
Hs'.it; T-rice reduced to make quick eale; owner
must have rr.cney; best investment on our
• books.
.f^KiO— rresidio Heights residence: nice new
liouw: swell neighborhood ; large lot; get per-
irft «Xid *e» this st once.
R'SIDENCK XEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$fe"7:.O— 9300 ca*h, balance $65 a month; brand
new ret-idence b rooms and bath; beamed cell-
ir.es; electric iishts; near Park; convenient to
car*.
P2750 — Ccttape in Mission; handy to two
line? of cars; 7 rooms and bath; modern; sta-
ble; 25x114.
MISSION FLATS— A BARGAIN.
K5SO0 — Two flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath; lot
.77x00. with 2 frontages: also stable; positively
the btct buy on the market.
FLATS NEAR DUBOCE PARK.
$7700 — Two brand new flats. 5 rooms and
bath «=acli. near Duboce Park. These flats are
nicelr rinishpJ and in a good neighborhood.
LYOX & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
GKEAT LIG LOTS.
BAST TERMS.
N>ar the nation In Mill Valley. Why buy a
en-all lot in a poor neighborhood when you can
eecure a fin* large lot same distance from your
work, surrounded tiy dcsiral.le neighbors, splen-
did climate, r.ne water, school*, etc.? Call or
write lor ill-jytrated booklet, prices, «tc
LTON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery et.
B. GETZ. Room 22, Chronicle Bids;.
Owner and Dealer.
Xew Block! Richmond District! New Block!
rut tve., bet. Clemest and Point Lobos.
Builders. Attention!!'.
21st ave.— Graded. Sewered. Gas and. Water.
Lots graded and level to build homes on
Eargalnt '.'.'. Eee them at once. Very easy terms.
(SSO to $1200— Sunset Heights Lots— <3 up no.
$250 to $500— North of the Park Lou
Opposite Epreckels Lake and New gpeed Track.
$330 to 5500— lflth-ave. boulevard lots— Js mo.
f 60 to $650— Ocean Heights and Oceanslde Level
Lots. Epiendid view; $5 monthly payments,
$150 up— Excelsior Homestead Level Lots
City Water— Fine Car Service— $ 5 montblj.
$75 to $100— Ocean View Lots, level to build on.
City water— Your own terms— Be* them.
11000 to $5000— Cottages and houses — Kontbly
payments.
Can at rr.y efflce. Room 22. Second floor
Chrcniclt Building. '
CENTER A EPADER] ~ ~"
11 Montgomery »t. I4ck House Block.
$23, 000— Pice st.. near Gough; choice invest-
ment; 5 flats, Jnrt completed; rents $200-
lot 27:6xl«O: two frontages. '
JS.COO — Rents $000; 2 n«w flau on Alplna st.
cear Dcboce ave.; lot SSxSO.
$15,500 — Rent $125; Geary et., near Lacuna; 3
new fiats, 7 rooms In each; lot 27x87
$15,000— Snap; Mission St., near 16th: stores
-and fiat*; large lot, 50x182
{(SOW) — Make an effer; BE. corner oa 17th,
m close to Brj'ant-st..car9; large lot, lOOx
$2.900 — ii-.ntm $54; 3 modern flats on Golden
Gate ave.. near Lyon st.; lot 25x187; in-
vestigate; must be sold. \
$3,650— Recta 145; 2 Cats on 22d st. sear
Guerrero; B and 0 rooms, baths and
basement; lot 25x114.
$4.000 — New. up-to-date cottage; choice loca-
tion In Mission; containing 5 rooms,
bath snd basement: furniture goes with
property; lot 25x300.
$3.S«> — Snap: $39 rent; 4 flatc on Shipley st..
near Sixth; lot 25x75.
$7,000 — 4 modern flats, 5 rooms In each: oa
26th St.; lot 60x114 ; 40 feet vacant.
CENTER A SPADER.
FOUR NEW FLATS.
TWO LOTS. 66x120.
* Richmond District, near Eixth av«.; east side
of street: jw«1I built; nearly new; rents $94-
price $10,250. JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate
Agent, 420 Montgomery st.
CORNER LOT.
South west corner Castro and Twenty-fifth*
SOxSO; $2050; please see and mak* offer: we
w*:it to sell. JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate
Agent. 420 Montgomery st.
$1000— RBDUCED from $4750 In order to make
quick sale; two-story Rouse and lot on north
sld* of O'Farrell st., sear Devisadero; con-
taiclsg 9 rooms and bath; this property roust
be sold Immediately. Investigate at once.
Apply R. McCOLOAN. rooms 301-303 Ei-
•Tnfnw buildlrur. • -.
TWO coraers. northeast and northwest.
Three frontages; 100 feet square,!- ...
Eplendid manufacturing property; partially
Improved ; offlce, barn, Etables. shed, etc.; price
IKi.000: title guaranteed. JULIEN 'SMITH,
Real Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery st.
TO close an ' estate.' . lot 2*xll6: Flllrnore st.,
bet. Post and Geary. 11S5 Uarket st.
| XISAX. ESTATE— CITY— TOB _ SAXE._ !
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
; AUCTION.
AUCTION.
auction;
1 Tuetday , August 10, 1904.
i At jur talcsrocai at 12 o'clock noon.
: hOHAKIMiTUKEI INVESTMENT.
! So.- lo7tf Howard bt, NE of 7th;' lot 25x00
| feet; iinnrovcnjenta consist "of a 3-story bay-
wii.dow Luililins, containing store, with 2 flats.
I above of ?» rooms and bath each; also flats In
ixar. . containing; 3 rooins each; total rents,
r ?iw> r*r mo.
— -. l'AKX PANHANDLE FLATS. ¦- ¦
>.os. CJ0-3S Cole st, south of Halght st: lot
-oxl22:6 leet; improvements, 2 new flats, con-
taining C-7 rooms; porcelain bath; all modern
Improvements; large yard' rents $75 per mo.
FILBERT-STREET BUILDING LOTS.
South line of Filbert st,. 37:5 feet west of
L&suna; Wxl37:« feet frontage on Filbert st.
with L 27xS7:« feet frontage on Laguna.
' ¦ CAPITAL-AVENUE COTTAGE.
No. 1027 Capital eve., near Inglenide; lots
4S-44, block 13, Lakeview Tract; Improvements
consist of a. substantial 1-story cottage of «
rooms and bath, barn, chicken-house and other
ciabuildings; loan of $1200 can remain.
GREENWICH-STREET FLATS.
Xo*. 2234-34^ Greenwich st. east of Stelner;
let 24:^^x76:6 ieet; improvements consist of
| - good Hats, containing 4-5 rooms, in first-
I class condition; rents f25 per mo.
BRAXNAN-ETHEET INVESTMENT.
No. 737 Iirannan n., being the SW corner .of
Braunan st. and Branr.an place: lot 25x100
feet; improvements consist of a 2-story frame
building, containing stcre and 4 living-rooms;
flats above, containing 0 rooms; G-foot base-
ment; &lsc etabie on property; rents $48
;>er mo.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
No. 252 Chattanooga st. north of 24th; lot
7l?x35O feet; a magniflcent residence, contain-
ing 12 spacious rooms; large basement; French
range; large grounds; luxuriant foliage; bams,
chicken-house, etc.; mortgage $3000; if so de-
sired the party purchasing can buy either 60 or
"t> leet
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS.
South line of B st. 93 feet east of 4th ave..
25x100 feet each; these lets are particularly well
situated, being located in the very best por-
tion of this fast growing portion of the city;
excellent chances for speculation.
I ASHnURY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOTS.
, East line or Lotta st.. 100 feet south of Par-
! nassus ave.; lot 25x101 feet: Lotta st is situ-
ated one block west of Stanyan st. being this
side cf the Affiliated Colleges, and is situated
so as to command an unsurpassed view; a
i delightful ftte for building a home.
CARL-STREET BUILDING LOT.
I South lin» of Carl st.. 157 feet west of
j Star-yan; lot 25x1.17:6 feet: this lot has par-
ticular chances for building and should be In-
; ei<ectcd to be apprertstod.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION.
auction!
AUCTION.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
The following choice investment and unim-
proved properties will be offered at our sales-
room, 20 Montgomery et, Monday, August 22.
fat 12 o'clock noon.
JOHN LYONS ESTATE.
The two following properties must be sold to
close the above estate. Subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court:
NO. 1.
720 Natoma st, NW. line, bet. 8th and 9th:
frame improvements censist of dwellings and
stable: lot 60x75.
NO. 2. !
Eleventh Et. NE. line, between Folsom and
Harrison; lot 50x205 to Juniper Bt; partly
covered with old improvements; choice manu-
facturinr eite.
OAK-ST. FLATS.
429 Oak st. and 322 Lily ave., between
Laguna and Buchanan sts. ; improvements con-
Fist of two flats of f>-4 rooms and bath each I
and two cottages of 3 rooms each; rents $60 50 |
per month; bank mortgage $3T>00 at 6 per cent '
can remain: lot 25x120.
FRANK FRATES ESTATE.
Southeast corner of Oak st. and Central ave.;
lot 43:5x110; choice corner, overlooking park;
must be Fold to cl<we above estate.
LANGTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
237 Langton st, NE. line, between Harrison
and Bryant; improvements consist of two well-
| built dwellings of 5-4 rooms each; rents $23
per month; lot 55x75.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE LOT.
Devisadero st. east line, between Green and
Union; a choice residence lot. commanding a
good marine view; lot 34x103 :1H.
J. PHELAN ESTATE.
NE. cor. Twentieth and Missouri sts.; partly
co\ered with two frame dwellings; rents nom-
inal: lot 100x100; subject to confirmation by
Superior Court
MISSION INVESTMENT.
2862-4 Twenty-second st.. north line, between
Harrison and Alabama; improvements consist
or two flats of 5-4 rooms each; lot 25x100.
CHOICE RICHMOND CORNER.
Eleventh ave. and California st, NE. cor-
ner: lot 32:6x100.
ALAMEDA COUNTY RANCH.
. REFEREE SALE.
SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION BY SU-
PERIOR COURT.
No Increased bid can be offered In court
after sale.
This ranch Is located four miles KE. of L!v-
ermcre; consists of 385 acres; being portion
ructions 3 and 4, township 3 south, range east
M. D. B. and M;.a!so the right-of-way 25 feet
wld« over the road as at present traveled
from the northerly line of the above described
property to the county road; near schoolhouse
on the northerly portion of said section 3.
v For further particulars and catalogue apply
at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 MONTGOMERY BT.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers. \
$S0,0OO— Rents $4200 per annum: O'Farrell st,\
near Jones; Improvements of 6 houses'
of 9 rooms and bath each; larg» lot,
91:8x137:6 to rear street; splendid hold-
ing to Improve with .modern buildings.
$52,500 — Splendid corner on Bush st; im-
provements consist of 6 oew flats and
store; rents $4110 per annum; 35x112:6;
downtown property.
$35,000 — Rents $2650 per annum; 6th et., near
Howard; ' store, lodging-house and 3
tenements; 25x155; 2 frontages.
$20,000 — Rent $1355 per annum; Leavenworth
st.. close to Sutter; houses; flne loca-
tion: mortgage $10,500 can remain.
$15,000 — Rent $1122 per annum; a splendid
piece of property, close to R. R. depot;
double cottage of 7 rooms each, store
¦ and 2 flats; a corner with 3 frontages,
brick foundations, etc.; 35x160.
$11,900 — Post st, near Van Ness ave.; modern
residence of 11 rooms, bath and base-
ment: 27:6x120; two frontages; rent
$780 per annum.
$10,000 — Rent $1050 per annum: Noe st, near
15th; 3 new flats of 6 rooms and bath
each; 25x125, Irregular.
$3.250— Rent $616 per annum; Waller st;
modern flats of 6-9 rooms in splendid
condition: marble steps, eto.
$6.250 — Rents $672 per annum, which could be
increased; close to 13th and Howard
sts. ; 3 flats of S-4-4 rooms and bath.
$5,200 — Eplendid bnsiness corner on 23rd St.;
improvements consist of grocery, butch-
er store, flats above modern In every
respect; must ba seen to be- appreciated;
grocery under lease.
$4,BO0 — Rents $540 per annum; near Pacific
and Hyde, sts.; store, flat and house; a
bargain.
J2.C00 — Rents $863 per annum: near Broad-
way and Jones St.; 3 flats of 4-3 rocm*.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
property for sale In all parts of the city, apply
at our offlce. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st
F. B. SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$12,500— Mission st. ; 4 good 2-story houses
of 9 rooms and bath each; rents for $1320 per
annum; large lot; a bargain.
$5000 — Near Jones and Filbert; old improve-
ments: lot 25x106.
$12.000— Over 60 feet frontage on Dntmm st,
near Market; old Improvements: splendid buy.
$4650 — Rents $46 per month; Bryant st., near
Fourth: 2 flats and a stable; largo lot over 30
feet front.
$1600 — Near Jones and Green; comfortable
house of 5 rooms.
J325O — Pine st; nice modern cottage 6 rooms
and bath: lot 25x100: easy terms.
$4320 — Want an .offer; near Affiliated Col-
leges; floe modern house, 10 rooms and bath.
15500 — Lombard rt., near Webster; 4 good
flats: rents $54 per month.
$5260— Howard st, near Twenty-flrst; rood,
substantial house of 10 rooms and bath; large
lot 27:6x122:0; mortgage of $3500 can remain
if desired^
$12.600— Call and see me about this; one
of ths beet flat propositions on the market;
rents $1600 per annum; Washington st, near
Central ave.
$6250— Near Oak and Devisadero; store and
fiat of 6 rooms and bath; rents $53 per month;
lot 25x137:8.
$10,000 — Near Jones and Washington sts.; 2
modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each,
and bouse of 10 rooms. In first-class condition;
rented very low at $70 per month; lot nearly
BO feet front
$5400 — Choice lot on First ave., near Cle-
ment st; 108x120; good chance for a builder.
GET MY AUGUST CATALOGUE.
F. B. SURRYHNE. 138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$5000— PAIR of attractive flats. 5. 6 rooms;
modern improvements: well rented; 2d ave..
Richmond. DE WOLF. 1600 Point Lobos
ave., opposite French Hospital.
THREE elegant new modern and up to date
flats for eale - on the southeast corner of
Eighteenth and Dimond sts. D. CONDON,
builder and owner, on' premises. .
5SO00 — GOOD Investments in Mission; new 3-
flat buildings, 6 rooms and bath each; pay
10 per cent net; two frontages; Capp st.
near Twenty- sixth. H. FEIGB, builder. 1088
Capp st
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT— South Mar-
ket; house 7 rooms; lot 20x60; can be made
- into flats at email ' cost 410 Keaniy st.,
room 9.
BEAL ESTATE— CITY— rOS 8AI.E.
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO..' •'
Real Estate Agents,
138 Montgomery street
«* r~> SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$10, COO— Bryant St., nr. Third; lot 60x80; good
Improvements: always rented; brick
foundation; ?10SO a year.
$S,000 — Valencia st. ; barsain; modern store
— and flat: renting: now for $5O; must be
increased' at once to f70; get particu-
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
?31,000 — Western addition business Investment:
"¦>->.- N. E. corner: stores and flats; all well
rented: $20S0 per annum.
$oo,000 — On the water front, not far from Mar-
ket st; 2 frontages; a water lot; If im-
proved would, pay handsomely: a turn
• can be made here; must be sold.
$18,000 — Taylor st; magniflcent N. W. cor. In
choice neighborhood; flne marine view;
location suitable for residence, flats or
¦ apartment house.
$12.000— North side Frederick: 3 elegant mod-
ern flats, rentln* for $1290 a year.
$12,000 — Close to Market st: 3 handsome mod-
ern flats; S13S0 a year; nearly 10 per
cent net. -
$12,000 — Mission st. business investment; good
Improvements; fln* lot; $1280 yearly.
$11,000— Close to Pine and Laguna; good sub-
stantial flats: paying $90.
$10,000— Close to Panhandle: 2 elegant mod-
ern flats, payinc $1044 yearly.
$S,000 — Near Market st: 3 elegant, modern
flats; $S7o a year; a great snap.
$7,500— Castro Ft., near 18th: business prop-
erty; new buildings; $720' per annum.
$6,700— Close to 15th and Market: 2 brand
new flats; very attractive; $600 yearly.
$5,000 — Good Western Addition investment:
key lot, 37r8xl2O; two frontages; rent
$40; pays 8 per cent net.
$5.000 — Twenty-second near Guerrero; 4 good
flats; rent J51 r>er month.
$4,500— Half block from Market: 2 comfort-
able flats, paying $540 a year; a very
choice Investment.
$3,600— Two splendid Mission flats; rent $32
per month.
$2.250— Close to Folsom and 11th: store and
flats; a rood little Investment, paying
$300 a rear.
DO YOU WANT A HOME?
$17,500 — Vallejo st: handsome residence of 11
rooms; grand marine view.
$13,500 — Handsome corner house on Frederick
st; built for use of owner; offered at
actual cost.
$8,000— Presidio Heights: thoroughly modem
and attractive 8-room house.
$4,000— Mission home of 6 rooms; modern
plumbing; beautiful garden and flne
view.
$3,000— McAllister st, nr. Golden Gate Park;
very pretty cottage: modern.
$2,500 — Fine Mission cottage, near Castro st
car line; 6. rooms and bath; lot 2«xll4.
$1,850 — SO-foot lot. and cottage; north side of
25th st; a bargain for homeseeker.
$12,000— Magniflcent marine view lot In Pre-
• sidlo Heights; wide view cannot be cut
off; cholceset neighborhood; 40x110; or
¦ can sell 80 ft' for $23,000.
$5,000 — Presidio Heights lot; running to Pre-
sidio wall; magnificent view; nothing
on the market better than this.
$5,500 — Near Guerrero and 23d; 68x114; snap.
J2.2OO— Mission snsp: 49 «. lot. nr. 17th st.
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.. 138 Montgomery st
A. J. RICH & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
112 MONTGOMERY ST.
SCOTT STREET.
A modern brick and stone residence In the
most fashionable part of the city: unobetruc-
tlble marine view; 16 rooms and 6 baths:
hardwood Interior: call for particulars and
inspection permit
$50,000 — Business property. Western Addition
corner; under secured lease; pays $380
per month: call for particulars.
$10,000 — Two modern flats; Jackson st, near
Baker; everything up-to-date; separate
entrances; billiard room and social
halls; lot 28:9x128.
$14,000— Presidio Heights: Laurel st. near
Clay: 2 elegant new flats, 10 and 11
rooms and bath; under lease at rental
of $135 per month; unobstructed marine
view from all rooms: key lot. 26:4x
112:6; be sure to investigate this bar-
$13,0O0^Van Ness ave.; 2 flats: near Broad-
way; 7. rooms and bath each; rent
$92 SO per month: lot 25x109:6.
$12,000— Pacific ave., between Van _ Ness and
Franklin st; residence, and lot 30x
132.
$12,000— O'Farrell st, between Laguna and
Buchanan; residence of 12 room* and
bath: banquet hall and finished attic;
lot 31x137:6. : '• V
$8,000 — Aehbury st.; new. modern up-to-date
residence of 8 rooms and bath; finished
basement; lot 20x106:6. •
$5 000 — 1718 Buchanan St.. near Post: modern
residence of 8 rooms and bath; key lot,
25x87:6: chance to get a comfortable
home cheap.
$7,500— Oak st. ;near Fillmore: flne renting
locality: two modern Improved flats, 6
and 7 rooms; good Investment; lot 25x
;7.50O-^Sacram«nto st.. near Laurel: 2 flats,
6 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $70 per
month: lot 27:6x132; building nearlnir
completion: now Is the time to buy and
- have the building finished to suit pur-
tT,250 — Filltnore sts modern residence of 8
rooms and bath; marine view; lot has
frontage of 37:6: want offer ...
$7 000— CUyton st, near Frederick; modern
house; lot 26x101:3.
$6,250— Pine st. near Hyde; house contain-
ing 9 rooms and bath: everything in the
best of order; this piece of property is
a bargain, .
$5 250^ — Jackson st. near Baker; fine resi-
dence lot. 28:9xl2S.
$2.500— Franklin st., near Lombard; lot 23x
109:6.
$2.500— Jackson near First ave. boule-
Exchange— A beautiful 'home In Alameda, 1212
Paru st. for residence In city; owner will
pay rash difference.
A. J. RICH & CO., m MONTqoao5KT ST .
MADISON * BURK^^
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 185S.
30 Montgomery st Oppoalte Lick House.
$40 000 — Comer on Octavia st. near Sutter:
flats\entlng for over 9 per cent; lot 60x
87:6.^
' $10 750— Page Bt ; 2 up-to-date flats, fl and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $D00.
*5 goo Natoma st, near 8th: two good fiats.
with high basement; rents $486 per
annum; lot 25x75; roust be sold.
$3 250— Beaver st., near- Noe; beautiful cot-
tage, Just the thine for a small family;
fine Earden. i . : .
$3.100— Harrison st, near First; house rents
$18;^lot 20x68:9.
$4.000 — Tenth st, near Harrison; lot 25x100;
rent $32.
—LOTS
$4,100— Fillmore st, near Grove; lot 25x
107:6. -
$1,600 — 14th av«. and A st. cor.; 120 feet on
the new park panhandle.
$5.000 — 2 flne lots; Beulah St., near Stanyan;
50x1 ST:O. •:,;
$3,500 — Tremont ave., west line; 8-room cot-
tage In fine condition; near Frederick st.
$1976 — Harrison *t. near 28th: flne cottage,
; D rooms and bath: lot 25x110; cheap.
$4 500 — Chattanooga st, near Twenty-third:
' largo lot C5xll";6 to rear street
Lots 27:6x137:6, on Sutter St., between Stelner
and Pierce.
Building lots. NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker st. ; in sizes to suit; priced
from $-000 upward.
Three lots, each 27;6xl37:ft. on south line or
Geary *t, near. Flllmor*.
MADISON & BURKE,
80 Montgomery st, opp. Lick House.
HAWKS £ SKELTON. —
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of.
Property.
$13,500— Fine house; Leavenworth, near Clay;
0 forms and bath; laundry in basement:
bullalng In flrst-class condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
56,500 — Good house and lot; Octavia. near
Broadway; 7 rooms and bath'; fine view
«¦<".:-. of bay from front or rear; this is a
bargain.
$S,00O— NE. corner Larkln and Lombard;
29:6x110: has rfuperb view of bay; street
work all done; neighborhood growing
fast.
$3,400 — Inside lots pdjalnlng above; 27x110;
I Hyde-st cars close by. «.
$8,000— NW. corner lot; Larkin and Filbert;
40x100; . superb view of Golden Gau
from rear. i
$f».00O— SW. corner lot; Larkln and Greon-
wlch; 4(>xi)7; very fine view of Golden
' Gate from rear and Hide.
% — — — _
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$250 DOWN and $20 per month: cottage of 5
rooms and bath at 3924 Army St.; $2250.
$3750—4 flati and 6 lots at 5i) Prospect ave. :
rents $50. per month: must nell.
D. COFFIN A: CO., 2523 Mission, bet. 21st&22d.
WANTED — Homeseekers! Two sweet little
homes, -1700-1704 San Jose ave.; on install-
ments or cash; Guerrero-st cars.
FOR sale— Sunny 8-room house, bath, yard,
etc. Apply afternoons, 20 Pearl St., off Mar-
ket, near Thirteenth. ,
LOT ROxlOO, ¦ with house of 9 rooms. -.1645
\ Fourteenth ave.. South San Francisco.
$2800— RENT $30; 3 flats. 4 rooms each: on
Vallejo, nr. Leavenworth. Inq. 112S Vallejo.
$300— A LOT ready to build on inside Thirtieth
st. JAMES MORSE, 632 Market st
' $8000 — FOR sale,- house and lot; 2022 Plna st;
offer wanted.THE SAN FRANGISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904.
41
OAKLAND ADVERTS 'M'TS
ESTATE.
TAYLOR BEOS A CO..
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Arents,
Tel. Cedar S51. 1235 Broadway, Oakland. CaL
A CHEAP EUSljNESS CORNER.
$3750— Elegant corner; in the center ot town;
C0x75 feet: Improved in a fair way and ie
paying 8 per cent interest on $4000; do
not let this opportunity pass, as it Is
impossible to buy anything in this locality
for less than $125 per front foot; let us
show you this property.
A FINE BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
$7500— Four stores; annual income $340; lot 30x
1C0 feet; half block from Broadway; situ-
ated in a suitable location for wholesale;
corresponding properties being held at $200
per front foot without Improvements: this
locality warrants a great future and the
premnt Income is all that can be de-
sired. 1327
VACANT PROPERTIES.
We have some choice restdence lots facias
and adjacent to direct Key Route lines: price*
from $15 to $30 per front foot. Including street
work and sidewalks.
We hare some elegant lots en the hill* la
Piedmont, high and sightly, with fine marine
?lew.
We also have choice lota ea Bouls— r4
Heights at $20 per front foot.
Also some fine residence loti in Peralta
Heights, on Hanover. Lester and Howard ave-
nues, at $20 per front foot, any fronta*» de-
sired.
ALWAYS WILLING TO SHOW PROSPECT-
IVE PURCHASERS OUR DIFFERENT PROP-
ERTIES.
FREE CONVEYANCES.
TAYLOR BRO3. A CO.
_ J. STEWART & CO..
IOCS BROADWAY. OAKJUAND.
$C5C0 — Right e*t Telegraph ave.: beanttfol
house of 0 rooms; double perlor, dlnlng-
J room, large reception hall; has all the
modern improvements; southeast corner;
lot 50x150 (n>>t? size); beautiful clovered
lnwn with shade and palm trees; large
barn; brick foundation; th» improve-
ments alone cannot be duplicated for
S40U): owner Is going away and is malting
this sacrifice to #ffect a quicSc sale; c*U
at ofnee and see photograph.
$C5C0 — Brand new 5-room cottag* in the Pied-
mont hilU; this cottage Is beautifully
finished and has all tfi» modern con-
veniences and is a pickup at this ftgur-r;
close to street car and Key route and
con be bought on easy terms.
$"1M>— House of 6 rooms on the sunny side of
14th St.: this house Is well built; lot
SSxlC3, with driveway and barn; call and
let us show it.
$23C0— A snap; m 3 minutes' walk of Key
route. S. P. trains or street cars; one of
the swellest. most homelike little cottages
of 5 large rooms; this cottage Is new and
on the north side of the street; lot 35x135;
small payment - down and balance like
rent.
Brand new colnnlal house of 6 lars» rooms,
•with electric and gas lishting: tnod«rn open
plumbing, porcelain bath; lot 30x100: elevated
a couple of feet above street grade, on th»
north side: street work all done; cement walks
In front and around the house; nice open
lawn: in choicest neighborhood in Oakland; all
new surroundings; handy Jo school, church and
cars; call and see this place, can be bought
cheap. •_
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1003 Broadway. Oakland.
8. M. DOIXiR A SON,
1160 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
J4S0 — Delightful location for home: 30x100.
$200 — cheap lot, but a bargain; 50x120.
$1100 — Sunny corner, near Key route; 40x123.
$1700- Beautiful, central Piedmont lot; 48x133.
$3000— The best in Linda.Vis.ta terrace; 70xl_.
A dozen other fine lots at LAST YEAR'S
PRICES, belonging to an estate now closing
out. Send for list and plat wlrh prices.
EASY TERMS ON THESE H0ME3 JF YOU
WISH.
$2500— New 6-room cottase: delightful home.
$2750 — Eight-room houye; worth $3CflO; near 3
car line* and 5 blocks from JCey route
station.
$4750 — A barsaln near school and car Ilnea
and not far from business: 6-^ooa cot-
tage on lot 72x275. with fruit trees, etc.;
will mak* four lots later.
$6500— Substantial and comfortable, well built
house ( 10 rooms and bath; lot 60x120;
near local station. SEP. THI3.
$3500— Beautiful bom* In Linda Vista: 10
rooms and more: lot. 70x125. eosta noth-
ing; you pay tor the hou»» only. •
S. M. PODGE & SON,
1160 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
OAKLAND AVE. LOTS.
' I have a choice corner lot for sale oa thm
SE. corner of Oakland ave. and Pearl st.
40:6xl3S. The ground Is level; the street- work
all done. The best location on the lower end;
of Oakland ave.
Two other lots on the west std* of Oakland
ave., lower down. 40x90. The3» will b» told
at half the rezular price.
One very desirable lot on. the east side «f
Oakland ave.. next south of the cement steps
al the top of the first hill. SrtxllS; $200 dis-
count will be made from the regular price of
lots in that locality to enable the purchaser t*
build a wall and step3 like others adjoining.
These four Iot3 are th» h«>3t on the lower end
ot Oakland av«. and adjoin fine residences.
IRA C. JENK9.
1209 Broadway, Oakland. Cat.
OAKLAND REALTY COMPANY.
063 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$2050— New 5-room house and bath: lot 42x
100; one block to Piedmont av». and
Key route.
$22C0 — New 5-room house aad bath; lot 87:Sx
105; two blocks to Key route and Pled- "^
mont ave.
$3P0O — 8-room house; large lot: Thirty-fifth st.
$5200 — Fine residence. 10 rooms, all improve-
ments; lot 40:6x123; Thirty-fourth st.
12700 — Nearly new; 7 rooms and bath; lot S5x
105; all Improvements; ona block, to Key
route and Piedmont ave.
$1600— Chicken ranch; 3Va acres; 8-roosa cot-
tage: 3 miles aorth of Berkeley.
Richmond and Point Richmond properties a
i specialty.
FOR SALE— BARGAINS ON EASY TERMS.
$C250— New house on West St., near 30th; 9
rooms; large closets; Al plumbing; ail
modern conveniences; lot 40x100.
1 I J4C0O New house on Fairmount ave.. near
Linda Viata: S room»and large, airy base-
ment; everything first class: large kitchen;
high lot: 32:6x120.: fine view.
' $2500— New cottage of 3 rooms and bath; east
side of Walsworth ave.; well built and
finished; good neighborhood; see tht» for
pleasant horn*.
13000— New house of 0 rooms; west siije ~a!»*
worth ave.; lot 39x137.
; GEORGE H. VOSB.
S72 Broadway. Oakland.
ALDEN REALTY CO..
1 31SI Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
Telephone Black 64S1.
$250— Lot, 33x120; In Golden Cats; ntr
$275 Lot. 30x153; in Oolden Gate; sear
! $3(K>-Lot. 30x100; near Telegraph ave. and
Key Route.
$1230— Lot. 123xi:0; nicely located; near Key
H«5b 4-reotn cottage, bath; 6-foot basement.
Lot, 23x100: near Key Route, Telegraph and
' Orove depot.
$1700 6 rooms: garden, fruit ard vegetables;
; taakes comfortable heme; Claremont ave.. near
" new Key Route.
• iron sale at a sacriflc*— $4230, reduced from
» $4300: fine 2-story. 7-room house, besides
reception-room, laundry and bathroom; high
basement: every modern convenience, well
built and nicely finished Inside and out:
: choice lot 50x125 feet; situated on Fifth
ave East Oakland, half block from Key
route car line; convenient to churches and.
schools; must be sold before September 1;
f make cash offer.
r B. H WELSH & CO..
f Fifth ave. and East Eighteenth St.. Oakland. .
$ccoo V FINE bouse in Lakeside district:
thoroughly modern and up to dat» in
every particular: 0 rooms and bath; 5
blocks from the business center; 4 blocks
' from the new postofflce: price reduced
1 from $S0CO to $0750; must be sold.
« $4500— Large new. modern ft - ro P m "ouse on
?* Jw^T e , e^ a „ ave . lot I, 4.1x100: this price
: has been reduced from $0000; is certainly
- a great bargain. -...*• ,
» C. K. MARSHALL, 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
j , — — ¦ .
. $2000— Six-room cottase. near Clinton station;
large lot: easy terms.
«->700 — Modem, well-b^illt 6-room house near —
- Key route, off 'BelegraDh ave.
e $1700— Nlc? 5-room cottage: Thirty-ninth st..
near Telesraph avenue,
e F. F. PORTER,
(1 4C0 Eighth st.. Oakland.
.'. Tot Additional Classified Advertise_«at3
Seo P&ire 43.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS ]
BEKKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SOME ESPECIALLY DESIRABLE PROPER-
VIES KOH THOSE SEEKING INVEST- i
MEXTS. - I
$3,2UU — Modern 7-room house; sunny; attract- y
ive; near station: would. bring you an .
annual income of $300.
?3,900 — Modern 7-room house; 'choice location;
¦ near U. C. ; would furnish an annual *
income of $420. ' . .
?4,G0C — An attractive, modern house of 0 ;
rooms; central location; would give you
$C(K) a year on your Investment. «
$6,750 — A large lot In a central location
which will soon be business property <
and is now worth $3500, with a modern
10-room house which rents for $720 per f
' « ' annum. - $
$11,000— A business frontage of 120 ft., with '
a modern building covering less than
one-half of the ground leased at $780 l
per annum, and the land 1 to-day worth
the price. v . .
We have properties that are very good for -
investment at less prices (as low as* $1000)
and at much greater prices. Come and see us
or write for particulars*
LYMAN ALLEN; 2129 Center st. B
: t
CHENEY & BERRY. "
' j
$5,500 — Elegant home on Benvenue avenue of 1
8 rooms; moderns lot 50x150; fruit trees (
in bearing; small barn Jn rear. i
«— ~— .. <
$l,5C0— 5-room cottage within 2 blocks of Col- i
lege avenue car line; lot 40x120. > f
~~— ~~~ ¦ i
$2,250 — 1-acre lot on the corner of Claremont 1
and Russell; one of the best locations in
Berkeley. 1
$1C.CCO— Elegant home' of 12 rooms; fine i
grounds; a\i acres on Claremont avenue, i
7 acres adjoining the University grounds. Fine
investment. $300 per acre. ;
WE HAVE LOTS FOR SALE IN THE
DALEY SCENIC. HOPKINS TERRACE. .
BERRY-BANGS AND OTHER TRACTS *
WHICH WE WOULD BE GLAD TO SHOW
TO ANY ONE DESIRING FINE RESI-
DENCE PROPERTY.
CHENEY & BERRY. * \
POSTOKF1CE BLOCK, 1
BERKELEY.
BERKELEY BARGAINS. ' ]
$1S5O — iJodern cottage, 5 rooms, bath, etc; lot
46x100; street work all done; close to !
r-s'-i^j'v' Ashby; ca6h $500, balance $15 monthly.
(1898)
$2:00— Bungalow, 5 rooms, bath, etc., gas and
electric; cash $200, balance $25 monthly.
(1S77)
$2700 — Commodious colonial 2-story house
(built 2. years). 7 large rooms, high floored '
¦ basement, bath, toilet, electric light, city
water, etc.: large lot; Main ave., close to
station; street work done; small cash
payment: easy Installments; enap. (1041)
$2750— New 2-story house, 7 well, finished '
rooms, bath, pantry, laundry, 2 toilets;
lot 4t»xli:0; street work and cement walks
done; close to station. (1S81)
$3250 — Desirable residence, 2-story, 7 rooms
(paneled reception and dining rooms); up-
to-date fittings, etc.: lot 60x106; im-
proved avenue; ideal home; In lovely lo-
cality, near College ave. (1365)
H. D. IRWIN. Lorln station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. Carriage In attendance.
BARGAIN— 7-room cottage. bath, pantry,
mantel, folding doors. chln% closet, high
basement, stationary tubs; de«> well, wind-
mill and tank; fruit trees, flower garden,
lawn, all fenced and cross fenced; street
work and sidewalks done; price $2400; terms,
$500 cash, balance same as rent. O. A. RU-
DOLPH, Lorln station. South Berkeley. Open
Sundays. .
NEW, up-to-date cottage; everything the very
latest; lot 37x135; street work done; close to
station Key Route and 8. P. R. R.; price
$2300; terms. $250 cash, balance same as
rent. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorln station, South
Berkeley. Open Sundays.
SNAP — 5-room cottage: fruit trees, flower gar-
den; chicken-house; deep well, also city wa-
ter; lot 40x100; price $1250; terms. $200 cash,
balance $15 monthly; close to station Key
Route and S. P. R. R.; good location. ' O. A.
RUDOLPH, Lorln station, • South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
A 12 PER CENT INVESTMENT.
Are you looking, for a good place for your
Idle money, where Income Is guaranteed on a
long leasfl and land Is bound to increase in
value rapidly? We can show you th» best
proposition on the market for $7500. This Is
sure to go soon. Investigate.
$3700 — A beautiful home of 6 rooms, near
car line, with elegant carpets Included.
$2500 — Pretty 5 rooms and large lot; east of
Shattnck ave. and near local station.
$1750 — Elegant lot adjoining university
grounds; worth $2500.
Bend for our fine map of Berkeley.
W. R. ELLIS & CO..
2150 SHATTUCK AVH.
Phone North 02.
$1900 — 6-ROOM house; high basement; on main
otree.t; up-to-date In every respect; street
work completed: close to cars.
$2600 — Handsome new 6-room cottage; 3 bay-
windows; gan in every room; tinted
throughout; street work complete; lot 40x
130 and 4 feet above street: close to Key
Route and S. P. station; % block from
street cars. • .
$3500 — Fine large 8-room house with basement;
corner lot; street work complete; in heart
of Lorln; handy to all cars; owner's in-
structions are to refuse no reasonable of-
fer.
C. C. EMSLIB, the Ashby-ave. Real Estate
Open Sundays from 12 to 2.
WE have two or three choice properties that
are for sale on account of owner being com-
pelled to raise money; if you want to take
advantage of one of them see us at once;
they pay good interest, some aa high aa 13
per cent.
We also have a large list of desirable
houses and choice building sites.
Call and allow us to show you beautiful
Berkeley.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM, *»
2131 Center st.
Houses to rent from $100 per month to $6
per month.. Insurance attended to promptly.
$1650^A SPLENDID buy in the Wheeler
, Tract: 6Oxlfl2: the lot has two frontages;
this tract lies to the north of the college
* grounds and has grand view of the bay
1 ana surrounding country.
1 $750— See those fine lots in the Hopkins Ter-
race: you can get a fine corner, 45x124,
: for $1000; see us for prices and terms.
$2100 — A fine paying business In center of
Berkeley; owner retiring on account of 111
health.
~W. J. MORTIMER & CO.. 2123 Center st.
; . BERKELEY— FOR SALE.
* $1850 — New modern cottage: 5 rooms and
1 bath; 3. blocks from Key Route or 8. P. sta-
[ tlon; large lot; street work done; $450 cash,
* balance $16 per month; low price for quick
r sale; owner going East.
We will build you a home on yqur own
terms, $1800, up; $200 cash, balance same as
" HEDEMARK & JACK CO.. 11 Montgomery,,
and Lorlri, South Berkeley,
FOR sale or rent— In Scenic Tract. North
BtrkcMey, Ideal home for large family; mod-
ern house. 11 rooms, in perfect repair: new
plumbinp; garden, fruit trees, roses, chicken j
house; fine outlook; good neighborhood: 10 I
minutes' walk from university, 13 from Key j
route. 2 blocks from electric street cars; lot
f]0Oxl25. or will sell house and fi0xl25 lot;
rent $50 per month. Address House. 1525
. Hawthorne Terrace, Berkeley.
FOR K ent.
Modern, new 7-room house on Milvla «t.,
$27 50.
I»OR SALE.
40- foot -lot on Josephine St., $450.
Best corner In town. Corner Ashby an 1
' Adeline, at a bargain for r few days, cheap.
LITTLE & WOOLREY. 2110 Shattuck ave.,
? BERKELEY. CAL.
NOTICE.
inai Virginia st.. new 5-room cottage;lot
40x100; short distance from college and
trains, $2000. >
CALL AND INSPECT.
MORAN & RWAIN,
2131 Shattuck ave..
Opposite Berkeley Station.
" FOR sale — New and nearly new houses from
$1800 to $20,000: lots from $250 to $7000; we
can' sell' you- a desirable lot 3 blocks from
1 Dwlght-way station, size 40x130. for $700;
will build ,you a house to suit on a payment
of $500 down, balance monthly; before buy-
Ing, give us a call and let us show you our
extensive list. ,F. H. LAWTON & CO.. 2147
Center st. ' ¦ -;
1 ABOVE all the investments offered in Berke-
» ley property stands the McGee Tract; make
diligent search on and about it- and you will
! find the best bargains on the market at
. present prices. FRANCIS FERRIER. 2121
) Shattuck ave. J .
$2200— BEAUTIFUL lot. 100x138. Spring St..
near Hopkins Terrace; best view In Berke-
ley street work ; all" done. ¦
i $1500— Fine lot, .75x150, on Blake st."; street
work all done; fine location to build a cot-
• tages: owner going away and will sell at
a sacrifice. PHILO MILLS, real estate. 2167
j Shattuck ave. - ¦- .
HOPKINS TERRACE.
The choicest buy In Alameda County: sit-
uated on the hills overlooking the bay; within
one block of I the electric cars and only 1000
feet; from the Southern Pacific station: all
r streets" sewered, curbed and macadamized; lots
S ' fr ° m . $500 to $1200; /
JOS. J; MASON, Real Estate. I
J 15E. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center at.. Berkeley
" NEW ' 7-room house, - with bath and ' electric
lights: rear university;' terms to suit buyer.
y 1934 Berkeley way.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS 1
BEBKELET REAL ESTATE.
AVAILYOURSELF OF THE OPPORTUNI- *
TY TO SEE SOME OF THE FOLLOWING
BEAUTIFUL HOMES, MANY OF WHICH ,
ARE NEW:
$2625— Dainty little 5-room cottage; lot 36x112;
| gas and electric light; terms.
$2850— 5-room bungalow cottage; hear the j
station; thoroughly modern.. I
$35C0 — New 6-room . house on one of the finest ¦
. streets In Berkeley. . I
$3750 — New C-room house; 'close to station and
university; fine location.
$4250 — Fine S-room house; just being com- j
pleted; close to car line and trains.
$4500 — New S-room house; lot 46x134:6. |-
$4760— Elegant 7-room house: just being com- *
' pleted in the Plummer Tract.
We have eome elegant building lots in all
portions of Berkeley.
Remember "We Sell the Earth." ,
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck ave. *
ALBEE & CORYELU
BARGAINS IN HOUSES AND LOTS.
5-r. cottage, N. Berkeley; cheap $1750
6-r. cottags, near Ashby station; bargain. $2400 $
5-r. cottage, near Ashby station :~bargaln.$2<*)00
5-r. cottage, near Berkeley; large lot $2750
7-r. house, near Lorln station $3150
6-r. house. n«ar Dwight way station.. .$3500 $
S-r. hcuse. Grove et.. new $4250
S-r. house, Carleton st.; new J4250
S-r. house, Parker st. ; new $4500
S-r. house. College ave.; new..... $5000 1
9-r. house, Dwight way, new S55CO $
10-r. house. Durant ave $7500
Many other desirable houses: choice residence
lots in all parts of Berkeley; several Invest-
ments In good paying business property; houses
for rent. If you wish fire insurance, see us.
. . • I ALBEE & CORYELL.
S ~. 2130 Center st.
$1050 — NEW 4-room cottage: everything mod- i
ern; street Work complete; $200 cash, bal-
ance ?20 per month. r
$2000— New 5-room cottage, with, bath and -
everything complete; $300 cash, balance to
suit purchaser; convenient to both trains.
W. C. MORAN, South Berkeley. ,
$1650 — 6-room cottage. 1U blks. to electric car. '
$2100 — 5-room; car passer door; will rent for $18. ,
$•1750— 8-rcom elegant house; finely built for j
college professor; contract expired.
Lots all prires. according to location. ,
Phone Defby 896. MURDOCK & CO.. ,
Open Sunlaya. South Berkeley (Lorln). j
$2650 EACH — 4 new 7-room houses; $250 cash '
and $30 monthly Installments. Lots also In
choicest parts of Berkeley, north and south of
University. For particulars see ,
FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 Shattnck ave.. Berkeley Station. ]
$3500— BARGAIN: large lot and sun in It. too; !
6 rooms with bath, laundry and cellar; mod- j ,
ern; $600 cash, balance easy; close In; fin- 1 \
lshed street. See, GILLIHAN at Cheney & j
Berry's, P. O. Block, Berkeley. I •
SPLENDID chance for a' home or Investment
In the heart of Berkeley; new house, con- ¦
tainlng 0 rooms, elegantly finished: every
convenience; offered for a, few days at $4500:
have responsible party ready to lease at $600
per year. 2237 Haste St., near Dwight way
station.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME OF 8 ROOMS: HOUSE
FOR HELP AND BARN: CENTRAL LOCA-
TION: MODERN IN EVERY RESPECT: ,
'PRICE $8000; EASY TERMS. CENTRAL
REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
BEAUTIFUL new bungalow, 5 rooms and I
bath; gas, electric lights; lot 40x135; fruit
trees and berries; grounds well improved.
Ashby station. 1S23 Stuart St., off Grove,
Berkeley.
FOR sale — Lot 45x135. with 9-room modern
; house; cheap. 26 Montgomery St.. room 8.
BEBKELBY HOUSES TO SET.
0-ROOM house to let In Berkeley; conveniently
located. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st.
BEKKELEY FURNISHED SOUSES.
TO let— North Berkeley furnished house; 9
rooms and bath; rent $50. Box 3633. Call.
BSBKELEY BOOMS AJTD BOAB— .
SUNNY, cozy rooms in attractive* college
home, near university; piano; reception
room; home table, abundant, dainty. 2520
L Le Conte ave.
i
• FRUITVALE ADVERT'S'TS
• — _:
, r_ OTTVAIiE BEAL ESTATE.
SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT COMPANY,
INCORPORATED IN 18S0.
312 BUSH STRBET, BAN FRANCISCO.
REAL ESTATE*
INSURANCE
| MONEY TO -LOAN.
} BRANCH OFFICE, fFRUITV ALB.
1 VALENTINE G. HUSH. PRES.
S. R. THORNE, SBC.
J FIRST NATIONAL BANK, S. F., TREAS.
J A steadily increasing business is proof of
' public confidence in its plans of selling real
1 estate.
Matters not whether you have $10 or $1000
: to Invest, let us show you what we have for
1 sale.
DO YOU KNOW
That we are selling" desirable residence lota
"on easy payments Ux, from $150 to $175
" each?" JKl
PUT TOUR MONfcY TO WORK.
' Making your uavlncs^tam for you as much
1 as is consistent with absolute safety.
" ASK YOUR WIFE
; MTiether she wants a three, four, five or six
• room cottage in Fruitvale, and if she does^ —
J please send for one ; of our August circulars,
after vou have looked it over— come and see
• us. Let us Ehow you what we have for sale.
Carriages always at your disposal.
1 BUY IN AUGUST.
Just two months and fall will be here. By
that time you could buy a lot and build a cot-
tage after your own plana;
5 OR
Buy one of our many beautiful houses al-
• ready built and stop paying rent;, own your
r own house, as many are doing.
: . . REMEMBER
e We are soliciting your patronage: at the same
f time you will agree with us that our advice
Is good, and August is the month above all
- others in the year to secure bargains in cot- {
. tages and residence lots in Fruitvale. !
' We have large and small cottages for sale |
f and on very reasonable terms; monthly pay- j
I ments about the same ¦ as rent, and a large I
portion of your monthly payments are applied
on the purchase price of house,
" Our prices are reasonable.
Our list is large,
6 Our commissions small,
• Our steadily increasing business is proof
i. of public confidence.
k SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY,
••» 'Ccfner of Rassitt and Putnam streets,
n / FRUITVALE. CAL.
a Phone "Ash 537."
• H. A. PLEITNER. FRUITVALE STATION.
' $14C0 — New and modern cottage of 3 large
rooms and bath; city water; lot 80x132:6;
h one block from electric car line.
. $1350 — Nice 4-room cottage; basement, bath,
v etc.: Ell modern; lot 37:6x105; only 4
n { blocks from Fruitvale Station; small sum
0 I down, balance same as rent.
v i $1750 — Extra good cottage of 4 rooms; all new
it ' and modern; lot 30x125; 3 blocks from '
. ; local station; $3C0 cash down; balance on i
5 easy payments. j
$IS5O — New cottage of 5 rooms, reception hall, s
porcelain bath, mantel, and high base-
ment: lot 3Sxl25; 4 blocks from local \
trains: easy terms if desired. This is a !
blc bargain.
$1100 — Fine cottage of 4 rooms; corner lot;
etrcct .work all done; good sewerage;
1 - about $2Q0 down, balance $12 60 per mo. !
j. -$1875 — New cottage of 5 large rooms, hall,
., bath; modern In every respect: high base-
ment: fine outlay of berries of all varie- j
ties: lot 50x175; all fenced; $200 down,
balance on "easy payments. •
>l $1950 — Good substantial cottage of 6 rooms. '
d • reception hall, bath, porch, etc.;. lot 50x ,
122:6, to lU-foot alley in rear: 4 blocks!
from Fruitvale Station. i
$900 — 1-room cottage in Upper Frultvale; large i
lot; well and pump; $100 down, balance "
about $10 " per month.
" $1700 — Bay-window cottage of 4 rooms: hall,
"* porch, bath, basement; all modern; lot
3."xlO4; jitreet work all done: fronting on
r. car ltnef"?200 down, balance on monthly
, payments.
; $3600— Modern 4-room cottage and \% acres;
• -windmill, well and tank: fruit trees; wa-
- ter piped throughout the grounds; 250
' pigeons; 200 white leghorn hens;~2 young
I ' and good fresh cows; incubator brooder;
7. farming Implements; 1 block from car line.
' e Great reduction ! In price.
II For ve.\e — A milk ranch and a milk route pay-
lt ing $325 per month; 21 cows, 1 horse,
>1 harness and wagon;: 20 cans and tanks:
farming Implements, etc.; leased ground
of 10 acres; near FruUvale avenue; 4-
room cottage, etc.; rent $12 per month.
. This Is a great business opportuniy. ¦
_ H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.
•• ~ ~~ W. E. RUDELL, .
Corner Frultvale A%e. and Washington St.,
¦ ¦¦¦•/ •.- Fruitvale, Cal.
« . . ¦ • — ¦ v
l\ HERE ARE- A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
57 $S50 — House of 5 rowns and bath; lot 50xS0;
_ terms $100 cash, balance $10 per month; bank
"" loan. ' •" ••
$050 — House of 4 Bice rooms; lot 25x125; city
water and sewer; 4 blocks from station. . 1
t- block from school and . 1 block from car line;
In terms $400 cash, . balance $7 per month. -
Xt $1700 — House- of 0 rooms and bath; lot 25 x
Jl 120; nice location; terms $300 cash,' balance
$1400— New cottage of 4 rooms, partly fur-
nished: porcelain bath, sewer and city water;
S blocks from Fmltvale station. 4 block from
.y school. 1 block ' from car line.
1c Apply W. E.. RUDELL, Real Estate and In-
r. surance Agent, Frultvale ave. and Washing-
ton st. '
EAN MATEO SAN MATEO
j
THK FINEST BUBCIUtAN RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT NKAU SAX FRANCISCO.
"Ue r ,a\e a choice list of excellent residence | (
properties. \ i;ia tites and acreage. Don t fail , 1
to «« us before buying. Investlcate San .
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all. 1
Lots c;" about one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local J ,
agent. Frank S. Uramnwn. Ean Mateo oince
cr>cn Sundays.
BALDWIN & HO1VELL. 25 Pest st.
___________^ s
LOMITA PARK— On I'.r.e of Sin Mateo electrlo t
car*- 45 minutes from 5th and Jaarket; sewer
and wuter pipes to etch lot; electric, lights,
etc.- 60-foot lots from $325 to $400: terms, 5
J10 down snd $10 a month; get off at Lomlta
Park" and Investigate; maps *ent on appll-
C * U ° C ' SELBT. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Msin 673. 116 California st.
BDAl'TIFUL home In Belmont, San Mateo
Co • near station: modern house; large lot;
barn. etc. \V. W. Griffin. 3445 ISth St.. S. F.
_Ean^O^gA-tS BEAIJ ESTATE.
$2iO PER acre — Two S-acre and one 4-acre
trart. back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roade; last of this property left; U cash.
Mcnlo Park — A fine country home, with •
»plenild garden and magnificent trees; well »
built, old-fashioned bouse in good condition;
for »ale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks — Land in beat part of this dis-
trict; weK sheltered ar.d wooded; in tracts of
, from 4 to 25 acres; Epeclai terms to those 1
building immediately "
SELBY. HODGERS & CO..
Telephone Main 67.1. 116 California «t.
SOSS VALLEY BSAL ESTATE.
«
ROSS VALLEY.
FOR SALE in subdivisions; beautiful lots near
Kent station, In 1 to 5 acre tracts; wooded
and open lots; ideal building sites at most
attractive figures; a grund chance to obtain
a home In this favorite, locality.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO.. ,
1Z& Mcntccmery st.
HAYWAEES REAL ESTATE.
STANTON Tract— KloO to $350 per acre: from
4 to &'J acre tracts: l^j miles from Haywards.
$3750 — 10 acres, house cf 5 rooms and bath:
tarn, chicken-houses and outbuildings; splen-
did water running through place year around;
in apricots and cherries; 2 miles from Hay-
wards.
S55OO — S7T-- acres: house, 5 rooms, bath, hot
and cold water, stationary tubs; windmill and
tank; large barn; chicken-houses and yards; 5
acres in orchard, mostly cots; 1 mile from
Haywards.
$2000 — SO acres; 5-foom house; barn: plenty
water and wood: fenced and cross-fenced; 6
miles from Haywards.
• $lS00— 120 acres; house; barn; plenty spring
water; lots of wood: all fenced, hog tight; 1
mile from Dublin: this is a snap.
RAM AGE & STANTON.
Castro St., near A, Haywards.
LIVEEMOKE _EA_ ESTATE.
ORCHARD FOR SALE.
Twenty acres in French prunes: five acres
in Bartlett pears; drying kiln and apparatus
and farming implements; two and a half
miles from Livermore, Alameda County:
price $5«UO. W. S. HARLOW & CO.. Reeal
Estate and Insurance. 'JoO Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
SEAI. ESTATE TO IXCHAaOE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY,
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-S08 CALL BUILDING.
It is frequently the case that a party wishes
to tt II his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in a different kind of property.
Our long experience in this business enables
cs to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition we
make is that your property, if you wish us to
dispose cf it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
I KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
itake up either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
¦ mortgaged es to leave no actual equity.
If it has merit, whether you own real estate
cr a mercantile or manufacturing business,
brirg a description of earn* to our office stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
> we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the onlr company in San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make- no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchanse satisfactory to you to ac-
cept. "
FOR- EXCHANGE.
20 acres of the beet land In Fresno County,
carrying with it a valuable perpetual water
riStx. Pr°v»«« UN _ AXT WATER
For thorough Irrigation at all times; 16 acres
under hi?h state of cultivation; 4 acres of
pasturage; 6 acres in peaches in/' full bearing
and choice varieties; 1'.? acres assorted fruits;
lVi seres muscat trapes; some vines; 3 acres
fine alfalfa: a substantial house of 4 rooms,
with cement wall storehouse; deep well of fine
water, windmill and tank, together with neces-
sary tools driers, trays, boxes, etc.; large
barn; on oiled road out of Fresno; rural de-
livery; ore mile from grammar and high
schools: owner too old to g^ve property neces-
sary attention. This property is 'surrounded
by some of the finest orchards and vineyards
In the State. Will sell for half cash, balance
to remain or will exchange for unlncumbered
Ecnoma County acreage. The property is en-
tirely untneumbered. Address J. A. SILER,
box 3951. Call office.
WHITE & BAYLEY,
SUCCESSORS TO W. J. WHITE.
$25.000 — Finest corner In Oakland, near Lafce
Merritt; 6 elegant, modern flats. Just com-
pleted: combination gas and electrical fixtures;
closets In every room: laundries, cement foun-
dation?; street and sidewalks complete.
Elegant modern 9-room residence, just com-
pleted. In choicest residence section of Berke-
ley: near cars and local station; lot 50x130.
$ST>00 — 1*4 miles of town; Sonoma County;
24 acres fine land; 7-room house; barn; or-
chard: wood.
Send stamp for large printed list.
26 Montgomery 6t.. room 8.; phone Main 5704.
FOR sale or exchange for Improved Ban Fran-
cisco property — 160 acres of vineyard land;
6 miles of Glen Ellen, Sonoma Co.; 10 acres
bearing vineyard: 30 pasture; 30 under culti-
vation, hay. etc. : 90 acres timber land, red-
wood, pine and oak; plenty of living springs:
fine county road; good 6-room house; 2
- barns; 2 cabins: chicken-houses: 3 work
horses, wagons and all necessary tools; title
X>erfect. For more particulars call at 20
Lafayette st.. bet. 11 and 12, bet. Mission^
and Howard, San Francisco, Cal.
SANTA CRUZ County — 100 acres. 4 miles from
Capitola : 15 acres vineyard, 8 orchard, bal-
ance grain, pasture and woodland; living
- creek and springs: 7-room house, barn and
blacksmith shop and winery, with cooperage:
fine poll; g-ood roads and free mall delivery:
will fell on easy terms or excHange for un-
improved city property and pay or take cash
difference: price $SOOO. Address box - 48.
Builders' Exchansre. 1.G* Jessie St.. S. F.
BEAUTIFUL home in Alameda for sale or
exchange for business or 'complete chicken
ranch, country- Address Owner, box 23, Ala-
meda. " ' ¦¦'¦ ¦ - : ~*
BZAL ESTATE WA2ITLS.
WANTED— TO RENT FULLY EQUIPPED
RANCH ON SHARES, EITHER DAIRY,
8TOCK, FRTTIT OR GRAIN, BY A PRAC-
TICAL FARMER; CAN FURNISH BEST
OF REFERENCES IF DESIRED. BOX
4431. CALL OFFICE. ¦ '' ¦::.; ~;
WANTED, for'cash — Cottage In Berkeley; near
station: state particulars. Address box 4030,
Call office. .-;;¦), -
WANTED— Hou?» and lot Inside California,
Hyde. Turk. Box 3704. Call office.
COTTirTRY' PROPERTY WABTTEP. .
• WANTED — About 23 acres of land; good soil;
within 75 miles of S. F.; with or without
¦ improvements; state particulars. Box 3602.
fall office.
: ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'M'TS
A ii A i!5E? A .J? E _ A . 1 ' estate.
FOP. SALE. /
$1500— Handsome modern cottare; 7 rooms;
line grounds; Ben ton et.
$1500 — Large 10-room cottage; all on one flow;
6 chambers, 2 parlors, dining-room,
etc.; reduced from $6000; a great bar-
gain. .
> $3500 — Cottare, 0 rooms: extra large, beauti-
ful corner let; cost $5000; do not fail
see thle.
i $3500— Lot ICOx 140; Central ave.; a great bar-
¦ gain. . - -
$1000— Lot on Santa Clara ave; 90x207.
- Fort rent — Beautiful cottage. ¦ 7 rooms; all
modern with stable: Bentoa at.
[ E. D. JCDD CO.. 1421 Park st.
ALAMEDA. CAL.
IF yu want to build, buy or sell property
. call <n or address J. II. YOUNG, 1243 Park
Ft.'. Alameda. .
FOR sale or to rent furnished to adults, mod- '
I «rn cottage. 1552 Verdi St.. Ala. Call Sat.
p. m. or Sunday, or write 2230 Polk st."> S. F.
REAI. ESTATE— COimTaT— Tor Sali.
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALi V.
0 California N>va<ia. Arieona. Mexico stock
ranches for their \alue lor Kraiinj;— «e'.»t tracts
tu.tu.ble for lUbdivisioti *nd colonization. Va.1-
utl->.- not alene. rrr grazing, but for timber, ag-
riculture, oi;. minerals ur town Eltes. We have
roeny tract* » her* frost never occurs. Wo
ki-.e n-.ar.y valuable pasture lands where grats
cattle arr Xat In April, when beef command*
the hlcfcest price.
-
We have business property that will pay 6
per cent r.et on ocst lor five or ten years' lease
We have residences up to date. In the land of
• the lemon, orange. Eunshine, fruit and flowers.
We fcsve many beautiful orchard homes in
the fsn;ed Sasta Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of California. Good dairy and allalia
ranches).
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
port 10,000 head of csttle for only $50,000.
CHARLES W. COE & CO..
Real Estate. Csttle and Loans,
7S 79 Auzerals bldg.. San Jose. CaL
A SNAP.
' • 52100 for flv« seres o: rich lsnd in the ar-
• te&:sn belt and only a quarter of a mile from
R. R. station: house of 6 rooms: barn: tank,
well end wir.dm!!!; also aJl outbuildings: this
1« a No. I vecetable, b«rry or alfalfa soil end
a barjrain.
WALTER A. CLARK. Mountain View. Cal.
•"'HOSE 1-acre lots at Mountain View, Santa
<_"!ara County, ar* telling rapidly; the pres-
ent rrk-e is $400 for inside acr^s «r.d f4*»
for comers; after September 1 the price will
positively be gjvsncfii to $450 for Inside
• lots and fr.00 for corners: don't delay taking
advantage of tills investment: the lots am
levtl, ftr.e fruit soil; commanding view:
walking distance cf B. R- station: *U',
well-graded streeU: water piped to <-acn lot;
guaranteed title; already a. number of fin*
houses in course of ccnstructicn; eqr.d lor
map and fu'.i particular*.
• • WALTER A. CLAT.K. Owner.
Mountain View. Cal.
*• $25 DOWN ar,d ?•> per month v.ill buy a lot
50x150 te«t in fizt in the town of Mountain
" View. Santa Clara County; Pri^e of lot*.
J15«t 5cr in>:£e »r>l ?2.".o for corners: title
• i>erfecf fruit irets on every lot; these lots
will cr«*.l!y increase in value the coming
vfcar.
WALTER A. CLARK. Mountain View. Cal.
TIMBEH CLAIMS.
A MONXY MAKING OPPCfRTUNITY.
¦ £6" OOrt AOP.ES of land: title perfect. To
handle t'iis larce tract of land will require
n.oney. and at the low price of 60c per acre
. . should cemmand the attention of capitalists.
To eny man or corporation of means look-
ing Cor an absolutely safe investment this
should appeal. This land is situate only 30
c miles from railroad and 5 m:le» from pro-
. ' poeed extension; Und heavily timbered, and
can only be ccmparfd to the great Washing-
' * ' ton forest; over 100.000 acres will fhow the
following stand of timber: 1 acre. 2S.7 #^S ft..
. 1 of 3<i.75*i ft.. 1 cf 55.15S ft.. 1 of 40.543 ft.
The timber i* mostly all yellow and white.
pine. With f. >m« fir. Trie tT-ratest bargain
r.i the ma-k-t. full particulars of SEAL
- ' HOCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St..
rooms 41S-413.
LOS GATOP FRUIT RANCH.
SO sere* Fcr Sale $4500.
It Ik worth more; thr- improvements cost
that, but if it suit**, make me bji offer: It will
be eacrifked this wwk *ure. Twenty-five
•• acres is prunes, full bearing; several in grapes,
;:;'•>. peers, cherries, berries, etc.; 15 in hay,
ebiirdant wood; 2 fine rpring*: rich, dark
loamy aoil: 2- story, hard-finished house of 7
rooms, barns' and numerous outbuildings; well
<uiti\ated and equipped; 5 miles of Los Gate*:
r. of A!m»: electric road soon will pass
c * through: marnificent \lcw. First fair off»r
»ill buy it.
JULIEV FMITH, Rfal Estate Atent,
429 Montgomery street.
. ~SPECI.VU
• 1"-n acr»» ¦dar'ted for alfalfa: all under 1r-
tisratlon ditch; on t 5 . P. and Santa Fe R. J^.:
T.t can subdivide p.nd sell st $»5.«00 proW^ln
ne*t I s months; a great opportunity. Call for
lull r^nictlars.
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
04$ Market st.
' c I
FOR saje — ?2000: 4i» acres of fruit, table or •
wine grape land. 2 milep from <Ja!t: adoin- j
ing la.nJ cannot be bought fcr $H*> per acre;
tlii* UnJ i« »!! t'towtd; lavs en the county
l-cad; rural delivery uacses the place.
jS.Vtfi — 1, down; l'K* ai-re* of choice fruit or i
" ' iiwysrd Inrd- c!d house and barn; t?acra—
n:ento Count*'.
y^Ktr*—^i» «cr<~« of r-tmir-* young vineyaM. two
"ears old: t!t?S vineyard i" located on the
county rriad and in rood neighborhood; Sac-
ramento rcunty. Address box 15, Gait, Csl.
'JJ ACHES fin* grain land, good house and
barn. bJacksrnith shc-r. good business corner
fur roe.£hcusa. or country store, Eanta Clara
• e.u?ity.
57 acres fertile land. 7 acres almonds and
!¦¦ balance alfalfa; house, stable, Sstanls-
-Uus County.
4'j acres; SO in 4-ye.ar vines, balance, grain;
booe, pavilion, cellar, barn. Santa Clara Coun-
ty; b:jr bargain on account of departure.
JOSEPH STRAl'B. 630 Market St.. S. F.
FOR rent — \i cf crop. ir*v» acres grain land:
Facramento Co.; CcO acres more to rent on
fame term*.
Fcr rent— $«00; S2<> acn?s veil-improved; near
"the Hatch & Armstrong orchard, Ean Jca-
•jutn Ccunty.
For rent — $4.".o; 14<» acres well-Improved; half
bottom lar.a: well-improved: San Joaquin Co.
. Por *al» — $15t>0; 160 a'rw plow land: Sacra-
mento Co. Address box 15, GaJt. Cal.
$2600 — CHICKEN ranch; 8 acres fine level
lar.d on a coed county road. 3 milea from
Fanta Rosa; \ mile from graded school,
store, etc; reat 4-roora house, 2 barns, sev-
eral chicken-hcuses. outhouses, etc; family
orchard, vineyard; one of the best nelghbor-
hooda in California; terms $900 cash, bal-
tnce Jour time. Apply to owner, Postoffice
box 175, Santa Rosa.
, $300 — FIVE acres fruit land; house, 4 large
rooms, i>antry. etc.; hard finish; porches: 2
• blocks to 3t. R- station and fine school; San
Martin. Santa Clara Co. Address S. E.
BROUN. K.& Cowper st.. Palo Alto. Cal.
. THIS 1» a bargain; $1100; 160 acres in Lake
Cour.ty. 2 miles from Kelseyville; running
water; specially adapted for grapes and
fruit; bargains in ranches, chicken ranches
er.d orchards in Contra Costa County. Our
agent there will show property.
HEDEMARK * JACK CO.. 11 Montgomery Et.
820 ACRES level fruit rrain land. 1% miles
-Red Bluff. $li00 ca»h. $10 monthly; a cnap.
SO acres, n. Cottonwood; only $5 monthly.
160 acres. Kings County; to exchange; a
bargain. REALTY CO.. 36 Chronicle bldg.
FOR SALE^ — 29S-acre ranch In Napa County;
6 miles from depot; 5 larga running springs
at house, barn; fields; r.erer failure of crop;
bert climate in State; $15 per acre. JOHN
BAUR. Oakvllle, CaL
nNE northetst corner. Sanchez st. ( grocery-
bar); 4 rooais. bath above; also 5-room cot-
tage rcr.Unr for $31 50; lot 25x114. Apply
J32 Twcnty-eeventh st.
ALFALFA lsnds. stock ranches. ' orchards.
v.reyarSr: Inspected barsalss: monthly cata-
logues »ect free. C M. WOOSTER CO..
C4* Market «t.
l'lVE acres cf cood land near Red Bluff, T>-
hama County, to trade or exchange for lots
r.ear Oakland. APDly 547 Howard st.
MENLO — 10 acres; grand view; noble oaks-
naif price. Box 4404. Call office. '
Er.MHXTBST REAL ESTATE.
IS ELMHURST.
EASY INSTALLMENTS.
XEW MODERN ARTISTIC.
I1S09 — r'lve-rooa cottage.
flCOO — Four- room cottsee.
SURROUNDINGS DESIRABLE.
CONVENIENT TO Haywards electric cars.
Southern Pacific station, post-
office, 6"xres, churches asd public
school.
ETF.CE7S eewered, macadamized and oiled.
Cement ¦ sidewalks, city water,
telephone and electric lights.
Homes built to rait purchasers.
Afidres? T. «. AND A. I*. STONE CO..
$00 EROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$9W — SMALL cash payment, balance monthly;
a seat ."'.-room hard-finished cottage. Includ-
ing 5 lot*: all fenced; partly cultivated; two
Llovks from the railroad station.
$75— Lary*. level lots In Elmhurst. on the
l!r.e of tl:e Haywards local train; $5 monthly
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 POST ST.
FOR sale — New 5-room house; all the latest
Improvements. Including 1 or 2 acres of land
!n bearing fruit trees. Inquire WM. BUESE.
TIH!e!<> st., bet. Grant and Mountain View
ave.. nimhurrt.
gicgyoap seai. estate.
• 1/iTS. cbeap for cash. 32S Bush st., third
flocr. rooax i.
ALAMEDA ADVERT ? S?M ? TS ]
ALAMEDA RE AX ESTATE.
E
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICK WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATIpN;
BARGAINS; LARGE LIST OF REALTY.'
GENUINE BARGAINS.
5-room cottace on Ninth St., near station;
lot -5x120; only $14C0.
WATER FRONT PROPERTY.
One of .thr- finest 10-room residences; lot
about 200 feet front by 550 feet in depth; sta-
ble, windmill, etc. ; 1 block from station. f
A fine home on Regent st.; fine garden; lot
50x150; near Park station. ,
A beautiful home; lot 80x110; all modern;
new stable, etc.
TWO BARGAINS. «
6- room cottage; lot 50x125; $1300. (
5-room cottage; lot 25x150; $1300.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
$50 DOWN, BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS.
S3:4xJ25 TO 35x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION.
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR RAN FRANCISCO !
REAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE.
1400 WEBSTER ST.. ALAMEDA.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR RENT IN kLA-
MEDA, WHITE OR CALL ON US.
You will find ug accommodating. We have
the largest and finest list of property. Don't
fail to see us. ,
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK.
HEAD CAREFULLY.
$1200— Excellent little cottage of 5 rooms and
bath: street work all done: lot 2fixlOS.
$1SOO — Modern 5-room cottage. This is a bank
foreclosure and a snap at the price.
$3000 — Just completed; new modern cot|age of
6 rooms; large reception hall, porcelain
bath, tile sink, gas and electricity; lot
50x150; fine lawn, cement walks; ele-
gantly situated as to neighborhood and
convenience; $1000 cash, balance as de-
sired.
$3500 — Almost new, modern cottage of 6 rooms,
0 on Paru st.. near Central ave.; BO-feet
frontage; lot alone would sell for $2000.
The exterior of the house is white cedar
shingles, prettily and artistically fin-
ished; $1000 cash, balance as desired.
$4750 — Here is a lovely home; house contains
8 rooms, prettily surrounded by fine lawn,
flowers and evergreen vines; lot 103x150;
mortgage of $3000 can remain.
$1500— Modern little cottage of 4 rooms asd
bath, on a fine lot, 40x145.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE REAL
ESTATE AGENTS,
1422 PARK ST., ALAMEDA.
SALESMAN AT OFFICE TO-DAY.
FOR SALE FOR SALE FOR SALE
$500 — Fine lot. 50x108; a bargain. ' -",
$1000 — Lot 60x150; worth double the money.
$1000 — Lot 50x108; snap; superb location.
MUST BE SOLD.
$1500— C-room cottage; lot 35x100.
SAVE YOUR RENT AND BUT THIS HOME.
$2650 — 6-rm. cottage; lot 37:6x130; very cheap
A GREAT BARGAIN.
$2200— C-room cottage; new; near trains and
school.
TO BE SACRIFICED.
$3250— 8-room house; lot 45x145; this week
only.
IT WILL PAY YOU TO BUY THIS HOME.
$4000 — Elegant 8-room house (new); all latest
improvements; owner leaving country.
$5500 buys a beautiful colonial 8-room house;
corner lot; a perfect dream, with every con-
venience.
SEE OUR SPECIAL BARGAINS THIS WEEK
$5500 buys 8-room house.; sacrificed owing to
owner gains' to Europe: worth $7500.
$6300 — Beautiful modern home; large lot
(new); very latest design; cheap.
TERMS ON ABOVE — EASY — *IF DESIRED.
HOUSES BUILT. RENTED and EXCHANGED
. ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. »
1S00 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
Lot 47x115; sunny side of street; Ittuth of
Central ave., between Morton and TJnclnal
stations.
CENTRALLY LOCATED.
Modern cottace. 6 rooms and bath: lot 25x
106; only $1400; easy terms.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
On Morton St., south of Central; modern 9-
room house; splendidly built; sanitary plumb-
Ing, bath, high basement, attic, tankhouse,
well or city water; lot 50x185; cost owner
$S00O;will sell for $5250.
J. S. HANLEY. 1310 Park st.
BEST BARGAIN HEREABOUTS.
Brand new 5-room cottage, on sunny side of
street, choice locality, big lot. 100x147. for
$2500; easy terms.
ANOTHER SNAP.
Modern cottage of 5 rooms, lot B0 x 130;
fruit and flowers: only $1000.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
33x100: for $400: $50 cash, balance $10 per
month.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS.
1C00 Seventh st., Alameda,
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.
For sale in ewell location on Morton st. ; 2
2-»tory hous«s. one of 9 and one of 8 rooma
and bath; ideal homes and up-to-date In
every particular; lots 40x150 feet; $4500 and
$4200.
Also fine drug business, with lease for
10 years: Income $20 per day: at $3300.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
BAY STATION.
ALAMEDA. CAL.
FOR sale — A home in Alameda at a great bar-
gain; nice cottage of 6 rooms, bath and
floored basement; brick foundation, cement
walks street and sidewalk Improved; near
school', street cars and S. F. local; lot 60x90;
price $1850; terms $300 cash, balance $20 per
month.
MERRITT & WOLCOTT,
952 Broadway, Oakland.
SNAP. IF SOLD AT ONCE.
$2000— 7-room cottage: lot 50x140.
$2700 — 6-room cottage; bargain.
$2750 — 5-room shingle cottage: new.
$3500 — 7-room house; new; near station.
$5000 — 8-room hous' 1 -: new; on bay shore.
OTIfERS. •
ELMER E. JOHNSON. 2333 Santa Clara ave.
A CHANCE OF A LIFETIMES
$3200 — Two-story. 7-roora house; modern, up-
to-date: near Grand-st. station: fine lawn;
an ideal home: a sacrifice on account of
owner leaving.
HALLY & CO., 2313 Santa Clara ave., near
Park st.
S-ROOM house on Santa Clara ave.; $1300.
Nice modern 0-room cottage; nearly new;
11850.
Corner lot: 88x100; fine location: $850.
Two lota on macadamized street; 25-feet
front each; $C00.
GEO. L. LEWIS.
1516 Park st. , . ?^V.
ELMER E. JOHNSON. ~~
8-roora colonial home, new. $3750.
K-room bungalow, new, $2750.
Houses, lots all prices.
ELMER E. JOHNSON. 2333 Santa Clara ave.
CENTRALLY LOCATED.
Modern cottage; 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x
108; only $1400; easy terms.
J. B. HANLEY. 1S10 Park st.
AtAMEPA ROOMS.
ALAMEDA — Large furnished rooms; beautiful
grounds: lovely view; convenient to trains.
Box 4235. Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTCTTS
BEH.KEZ.E-x- BEAL ESTATE.
A THOROUGH BARGAIN.
$760 — A fine lot, large piece of property, eult-
-- able for chicken ranch, -.with a beautiful
1 view. . ¦
AND YETT AGAIN.
A beautiful lot; 77 feet frontage by a depth
- of 227 feet; only $1500.
AND THEN ANOTHER.
$175O— A lovely 4-room ' cottage, with large lot. -
for a cozy little home. "
A PRETTY PICTURE.
$7000— A lovely Swiss chalet, .on a fine corner
lot. Just finished, with electric car passing
the house.
$7000 — A fine home of 9 rooms, with stable on
lot, 70x135; street work all done; only 2
blocks from Key Route station.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, .
EE. cor. Bhattuck ave. and Center st., Berkeley
FRTJITVALE. APVERTCTS (
rauigvAiar'aEAx. estate.
H. BARKMEYER. '
1200 Fruitvale ave.. Frultvale Station, Cal.
$450— Small house of 2 rooms, summer Kftchen. r
good well and pump, stable; lot 50x100; 1
situated 2 block 3 from graded school and
3 blocks from electric car line; $100 down,
$S a month.-
$600 — Good, substantial cottase of 4 rooms; $
lot 45x102; extra flno dug well, 30 feet
deep; convenient to school; high eleva-
tion: $300 cash down. •
$S30 — Houte of 3 rooms; lot 75x256; all fenced:
good well and pump; 4 blocks from elec-
tric car line; terms $100 cash, balance
$0 per month.
$1250^ — New cottage of 4 rooms: hard finished
pantry, closet.*, etc.; good well and pump
on back porch; lot 50x300. fronting on 2 $
streets; 3 blocks from car line; terms if
desired.
$1S73 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath, large
pantry, closets, euj ; high basement; lot
BUxl33; nice flowers and fruit trees, barn
and buggy shed, driveway, etc.;. near car
line; in walking distance to local trains;
worth investigating.
$1900 — Elegant cottage ot 6 large rooms and
bath: all modern: high basement; extra
well built: lot 50x122. with alley In rear;
¦ 5 short blocks from Frultvale station. a
$2350 — Desirable home; cottage of 4 large f
rooms, reception hallj closets, pantry, etc. ; •»
I high basement; lot «Ux3S0, in bearing
orchard; on macadamized road:, near
I school; reasonable terms if desired. I
$6000 — Ideal country home; 3">i acres of choice 1
land, variety of fruit trees in bearing: fine
lawn, llowers and large palms; modern
cottage of 5 large rooms and bath; por- 1
celain bath tub: fine mantel and flreplaca;
folding doors, etc.; high basement; two-
story rustic barn, extra good well, wind- ]
mill and tank; all in first-class condition. 1
See these before buying elsewhere, they are •
bargains. For particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER.
Near Frultvale Station, Cal. 1
— ]
ELROD * HULL.
No. 18— ?1400— A new house of 3 large
rooms: bath; pantry: city water; 2 blocks
from car line; on good street: lot 80x132. 1
No. 2O— $1500— A house of 4 rooms: city -
water: fine shade trees all over lot: 2 blocks
from car line and good school; lot 87x140.
No. 5 — $2050^ — A house of 7 rooms; alt fur-
nished for housekeeping: high basement; hot
and cold water: some fruit on place; 1 block
from car line and 2 blocks from fine school;
this is a snap. 3
No. 42 — $1000 — A 3-ronm house: city water;
close to school and car line; lot 75x110.
No. 22— $3250 will buy this lovely bungalow;
bfam ceiline. panel walls and dish shelf in
dftilng-room; cove ceilings in balance of
house: has every modern convenience: on fins
avenue and In desirable neighborhood: street
! work all done: sewer taxes Daid; sidewalks
1 laid; 1 block from car line and* only 1O mln-
, utes" walk from local station; easy terms.
• No. 15 — $2W> — 7-room house. located on car
line: fruit, berries and flowers in abundance; ,
lot 50x206; easy terms. '
No. 11— $3500— A strictly up-to-date 8-room
house, on good street, close to local station;
1 block from car line and school; $50O cash,
balance same as rent.
No. 7 — $5500— A 4-acre place; 5-room house:
good barn: windmill and tank: 1 acre in full-
bearing fruit; balance good vegetable land; a '
fine rlace for' raising chickens.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
We have some fine buildins lots, located
on Fruitvale ave.. over 40O feet deep, and we
have some on 27th ave. over 2f*> feet deep; !
call and we will be pleased to show you the
rflne lots; plans and estimates furnished free;
can make flat loans and build to suit pur-
chaser.
ELROD & HULL,
1310 Frultvale ave.
Send for printed lists and maps. Phone
Brook 1651.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE, Phone Vale- 208.
Office, one-half block from Fruitvale Station. ,
$1000— $300 cash, balance $10 monthly; house
of 6 rooms; close to street cars and school; :
lot 50x110. ;
$500 cash — Beautiful up-to-aate high bas«- ,
ment cottaze of 5 rooms, bath, reception hall. :
pantry, stationary wash tubs: sanitary plumb-
ing: near the local train, echool and electric
cars; lot 39x125; price all told $1750.
$300 cash — Modern 6-room house, bath, pant-
ry, • elegant art mantel; gas; abundance of
berry vines of all kinds: 15 fruit trees In bear-
Ing; graveled walks; chicken house and yard;
nicely finished; one-half block to street cars,
school and local train within four minutes'
walk; street work all done; sewered; nice
sidewalk; lot 62:6x130; monthly payments, $20;
price all told $2300.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Le# tract:
fine soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going
up; no cold winds or w«t fogs, and lots only
$75 each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
SPEui AX*
FOR THIRTY DATS.
LINDA PAP.K. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
The terminus of O-cent fare, Haywards cars";
streets graded and grave;*d; stcna sidewalks;
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200: $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; b*ct located . property on San Leandro
road: graded school on tract. Apply to S. a.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
FOR eale — The entire stock of a^C-acre chicken
place; 12 chicken houses, wired compart-
ments, brooders, incubators, horse and wagon
and everything complete " fcr a first-class
place; 300 chickens, 40 ducks, etc; good 5-
room house. Also large list of houses and
lots. Apply to^M. . H. KENISTON. corner
Hopkins st. and Peralta ave.. Upper Frult-
vale, Dlmond Postofflce.
FOR sale — 92:6x257 ft: new 2-story barn: deep
well, with pump: Vernon station, Leotia
Heights; cars pass the door: fine for pigeons I
or chickens; price $10CO, part cash. Ad-
dress P. O. box 498, Fruitvale, or on property,
FOR SALE — A SNAP.
r»-room bungalow; large attle, high basemen!;
lot 75xlC0; fruit and flowers. Call Sunday.
E. J. HICKS, owner. E. 22d and 27th ave.,
1 Fruitvale.
FOR sale— $2750: It cost \»750; rent* for $JO
per month: 2 cottages on*lot. 40x150. App:/
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ava..
East Oakland.
FOR .«ale — 3-room cottage; large pantry, batt;
lot S0xl32:C; 1 block from car line. P. O. box
• 121. Fmltvale.
$400 — Stock & fixtures of poultry ranch :5 acres;
1 rents $10. F. LEITHMANN. Upper Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADYERT ? S'M ? TS
j O-/ICE. 10^0 BROADWAY.
OAKLAHD BEAI, ESTATE.
i — — — "*!
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT. Ina.,
1060 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
UNIMPROVED.
$375— Sightly lots. 40x120; street work com-
plete; close to cars, schools, eta; good
location and surroundings.
I L.T.
! $eCO— Home sites; lots 40x,133; street work
complete; very fine surroundings; fruit
> trees, palms, etc.; close to Key route
1 train and S. P. local; just £S minutes to
1 San Francisco and 3c faio.
' • $1250 up— Linda Vista home sites; lots 50-foot
1 i frontage; very fine view of Berkeley hills,
1 Golden Gate and Pacific Ocean; aa ex»
! elusive tract for good homes;
j : IMPROVED.
1 $C20O — Just finished; a neat and cozy homei
note the features — reception hall, parlor,
; dining-room neatly paneled, sideboard.
' etc.; cute den with large seat and book-
cases: kitchen, pantry, with every raoderft
• I feature; wood and coal boxes; wash trays,
" 1 etc.; 3 bedrooms. 3 closets; bathroom up-
" j to-date; terms very easy and balance as
• I rent.
: S.C.A.-
¦ $3500 — House of 7 rooms and bath; modern;
\ lot 40x125; sunny; within 3 blocks of Key
route crosstown line; close to schools,
cars, etc.
5 $3730. JUST KING BUILT. $3750.
A SwissJ*ungalow; containing on first
J floor. fCTfptlon hall, parlor, dining-room.
, ' library or den. kitchen, pantries, etc.;
,. upstairs, 3 bedrooms, bath, with all moj-
' ern fixtures, two toilets; gas and electric
lighting; the tin tins and mantels can be
I - made to suit the taste of purchaser; thl*
n property is within easy walking distance
of Fourteenth and Broadway.
,' $3000 — Fine northwest corner: rapidly develop-
ing district in East Oakland: lot 5Oxl3O;
house of 9 rooms, etc.; modern conven-
iences; terms to suit.
j $2500 — A good Investment In business center of
West Oakland: store below, with living
, - ruoms: flat above: good rental income of
$275 per year; Investigate this.
- HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, Inc.,
1060 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
J2S0O — Cottage. 6 rooms and bath: very well
i built; on a lot 50x150; on the heights
1; of East Oakland: convenient to broad-
Is ¦ gauge to Sa.n Francisco and to electric,
cars: the garden is a feature of the
y place; this will make a beautiful home
1 ror any one. and particularly for some
. ; one in business In San Francisco.
x HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC..
% 1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
•• BUY a home now; new modern 7-room bouse
n near 3«th and Telegraph ave.. central Oak-
land; 30 minutes to S. F. : fare 10c; price
very lowyfermg to suit: would consider good
1- - city lot/as part payment; don't miss this;
r- price $3C00. Address Owner. 108 Jessie St..
box 4$, 'San Francisco.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904.
42
ATTORNEYS AT LAW— Continued.
L. 6. CLARK, 927 Market St.: consultation
free: no fees In advance; open evenings.
ADVICE free; all cases; open evenings. FRANK 1
COLBOURN, Lawyer, 927 Market, room 420. |
PATENTS and pension*— SONNTAG'S PAT-
ENT A I'ENSION AQCY.. 2i4 Pine. 6th nocr.
: ASTHMA KEXJEPTt^^
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c, 25c. 50c. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas;
also Wlshart. 10th and Washington. Oakland. .
ADOPTION. •£ v-
GIRL baby wanted in an ideal home; also
baby boy for adoption. DR. EA1EL/NE I
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
ASTBOIiOGY.
CONSULT ASTOR famous N. Y. astrologer;
man of ability. 997 Market St.; booklet free.
AUTOMOBILES.
GREAT bargain In runabouts and two-seated
automobiles, slightly used; guaranteed to be !
in Hrat-class shape. Address GOLDEN GATE j
AUTOMOBILE CO., 302 Golden Gate ave.
ACME touring cars; 'second-hand automobiles:
automobile supplies; mail orders filled; send
for circular B. Sight Automobile Co.'. 434
Geary St., block above St. Francis Hotel.
A NEW 'cottage- 5 rooms, bath; modern
plumbing, shingled lath and plaster; in ex-
change for standard make of automobile. •
Box 431S. Call. !
AUTOMOBILE for sale (Cadillac), 1901 model;
first-class running order; make offer. Box
3455, Call office. /
WILL trade a lot v In Fruitvale for an auto
buckboard in good condition. Room SO, 921
Broadway, Oakland.
KNOX. ?S0O; Holley runabout, carries 2, $125.
JOEHOLLE, Twentieth and Folsom its.
WANTED — To buy a Rambler automobile; state
condition and lowest price. Box 3509, CaU.
BICYCLES — For Sala or Exchange.
RAMBLER, perfect condition, $0; Hartford,
coaster brake only $12 50.. Addross Bicycle,
615 Larkin st.
FOR sale— A Cleveland wheel: In good condl-
tlon; $S. Box 4350, Call office.
CALIFORNIA motor bicycle; used 20 miles;
$100. 2330 Folsom et.
FIRST-CLASS Thistle wheel for sale; only
$12 50. Call 334 Poet st.
EIEDS, DOGS, ETC.
HARTZ Mountain canaries and African gray
parrots. Just received. A. C. ROBISON. 3.;5
Kearny st.
YOUNG parrots, guaranteed to talk, $5 each;
largest variety do?s. birds, cages, etc., at low
prices. 1544-40 Market st.
BOARTJINQ FOE CHILDBEM.
EXPERIENCED nurse will clve home to one
child; large yard; near school; room for par-
ents. 1330 Alabama et.
TWENTIETH, 3003— A middle-aged lady
would like child to board; best of references, j
' 1
A GOOD, respectable lady wants to care for |
young child; good home. 470 Fourteenth st. [
LADY in Berkeley would give little girl good ;
home; near school. Box 4192. CaU office.
A LADY living in the suburbs desires a child
to board and care for. Box 4025, CaU.
WANTED — Child to board. 19V4 Moss St.
A CHILD to care for; good home. 25 Fell st.
WANTED— Child 6 years or over to board.
1749 Fulton St. ,
WANTED — By an experienced woman, an" In-
fant to board. Inquire 212 Seventh st.
Boojca_
SCHOOL books, old and new. bought and sold.
DALY Sc CURRAN. S57 Qeary st.
ETJSINE S3 CSCANCE3.
A— $600; CIGAR stand on Market et., close to
Phelan building; rent $75; place clears at
least $175 per month. Call R. G.j WILKE,
26Vi Kearny st. .
A— ?2C00 — CORNER ealoon; living rooms;
place establ. years; doing a good-paying bus- 1
ineas; lease; uicknens of owner compels him
to sacrifice. R. G. WILKE. 2GH Kearny st. |
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; on 'Ellis I
et. ; living rooms; rent $35; lease; a splendid j
location and good paying business. See K.
G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A — $2000; BARBER shop. 4 chairs; elegant
fixtures and clearing at least $50 per week; ¦
rent $75, including 7 rooms; located in choic- j
est business part of city. Call R. G. WILKE, j
2C^ Kearny 8t. 1
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30 ]
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 beds; !
good furniture; lease; a well paying business. :
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $2200; coffee saloon and restaurant, op-
posite the Ferries building; lease; place es-
tablished years; doing a rushing and good
paying business; fullest Investigation sollc-
- lted. R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A — $3500; corner grocery and bar on Fulton
at.; rent $60; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26 Vj Kearny st.
A — $350; corner cigar stand on water front;
rent $25: value in Bight; a good business.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$4000— SALOON on Turk St.; net rent $150; 5
) ears' lease; elegantly fitted up place and
good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny et.
«
A— $1500; WHOLESALE bakery; dally sales
about $50; new wagon, 2 horses, etc.: rent
$45; stock at Invoice; only cash trade; a fine
business offer. Particulars it. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in th»
1 best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade; rent $30- 4 furnished rooms;
" ltaze. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1SOO; ROADHOUSK, with line living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall. 2 stables, etc;
i>. well-ad vei tlsed and good-paying house.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $6000; CORNER ealoon. with 4 years"
lease; about % block from Market and Ellis
tit.; place doing a rushing business; value
In sight; owner must leave for the East,
See R. O. WILKE. 20"% Kearny st.
A— fS50; CORNER saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 block couth ot Market and Powell
itt.; a good business; owner engaged la
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILjvE. 26% Kearny sC
A — $2000; CORNER Falcon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner I bought ranch
«nd sacrifices; saloon established years; a
firet-clars paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
2e% Kearny gt.
A — $1000; KAKK chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant In San Rafael; dally re-
'ceiptH $25; rent $30: good business; value
In sight; patronized by best class ot people.
bee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $800: CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a fine business: sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; LEADING hotel In the best business
?own 80 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
Alning-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business In the Interior. Call R, G.
WILKE, 20% Kearny St. /
A— $3500 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch: on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; tlace must b* secrlflced on ac-
count ot III hoalth of owner. See R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
AA— Will you invest $1000 to make $3000" to
$5000 yearly In a bona fide business that will
• stand the strictest investigation? Address box
1318, Call office. Oakland.
STATIONERY & notions; N, of Markt; 16 yrs. I
estab.; trade 2 schools; little opp.; handsome
profits. MITCHELL & CO.. 12C6 Market.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If "you wish to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming- house,
, grocery, .butcher shop, delicatessen, ¦ branch
bakery, cigar stand saloon, or business of
any kind, do not fall to call upon us; we
may have just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St.,
rooms 418-419; telephone Folsom 346S.
TWO energetic business men of good standing
with established manufacturing , business of
an Article of dally consumption, and having
large contracts for same and employing at
present 12 hands, want capital of from $3000
to $5000; good security; investigation open to
right parttes: no middlemen. Box 3758, Call.
f20O0— LARGE wood. coal, hay and grain busl-
¦ .ness (In nearby town; 5 horses, 4 wagons.
. buggy. - cart, safe. 3 scales, etc. ; large , and
well-, arranged yard; rent $25; long lease;
eales $2000 month ; stands strictest Investi-
gation; owner- retiring; ' no agents. Address
Coal, - box 006. Call Branch, s 1016 IBroadway.
Oakland.
FOR sale cheap— Branch bakery store with line
of notions and groceries. Apply, FRANK A
MCCARTHY, San Leandro. CaL
STTNPAY UCTTJRE3. ,
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 800
Market at. Subject, "The Nervous System";
followed by views of a visit to Germany.
Free tickets will be distributed for X-ray
exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday evening;
remember the question box; special music.
LENA MORROW LEWIS — Carmen's Hall, 310
O'Farrell sU. 8 o'clock to-night. Subject.
"Why Worklagmea Should Not Vote the
Prohibition Ticket." B, P. Ober will recite
"The Bridge of Sighs." ''
"IS My Life Ruled by Fate?"— Lecture by
Mrs. Van Auken. Van Auken Oxygen Insti-
tute, 815 Van Ness ave., near Ellis; 8 Mon-
day evening; bring written questions; 10c.
SPECIAL MEETING— Auspleea Ladies' Aid,
room 8. Odd Fellows' building. 2 p. m.: lec-
ture.- Sarah Seal: messages, Edward Earle;
solo. Miss Vera Ransdall. and other talent,
HENRY FRANK.
Of New York, lecture* next Sunday morning
at 11 o'clock in Golden Gate Hall. Subject,
"Victories of Truth." Admission free.
EUGENE V. DEBS. Socialist candidate for
President, will speak at Woodward's Pavil-
ion. Fourteenth and Valencia sts., Saturday,
September 24; remember date. •
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS lectures Thurs-
day. 8 p. m., Turk-st. Temple "The Truth
About Socialism In Its Relation to Religion."
HARRY GAZE at Golden Gate main hall to-
night at S. Subject, "From Reincarnation to
Regeneration." Admission free. All invited.
VEDANTA Society — Swami Trigunatita's leo-
tur© to-night at 8 on "Philosophy of Reas-
oning," at 40 Stelner st.; admission 25c.
MEETING NOTICES.
ORDER OF THE EASTE"lW STAR: _
Mrtnben of Golden Gate Chapter No. «£W
1 will attend the funeral of our late HBT
sister and charter member, ADD1B " pr " 1T
WAHREX MOSES. TO-MORROW (MON-
DAY) at 2:30 p. m, at Masonic Cemetery.
By order of the Worthy Matron.
KATIIEItINK JOHNSON. Sec.
PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136. F. & A. M.. g>
will m<-et THIS (SUNDAY) AFTER- W
NOON at 1:15 o'clock to attend the /VS
funeral cf our lat» brother, WILLIAM
COOPER. Master Masons Invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON., Secretary.
FIDELITY Lcdre No. 222. I. O. 4l»*5£&<,
O. F. — Initiation MONDAY
EVENING. August 15. Visiting ---J-JSRsiSM?
brothers cordially invited.
W. H. MITCHELL, N. G.
J. GRAY JR.. Rcc. Sec.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F. — yjaSBjKfc,
Initiation MONDAY EVENING, Js5gagS|j&
August 15. '¦%$Z\&hig?
B. T. LEDFORD. N. G.
MODERN Woodmen of Amertca,Good- Y^^f 7
fellowship Camp &t533, M. W. of A., |A>.
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at IJA^
Fraternity Hall, 909 Market St.. San \jV
Francisco. \V. H. EDWARDS, V.C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; of flee, room 027 1
Emma Spreckeia building. _
SIR- WALTER SCOTT'S annlvar- _,£*>»
eory — Grand celebration in honot VorW
of the 133d anniversary of the^wH/ra
birth of SIR WALTER SCOTT.
under the auspices of Clan Frasei _^\!r
No. 78. O. S. C, Etntracht Hall. ** 5l
Twelfth St., near Folsom (largest hall In the
city), on MONDAY EVENING. August 15.
Concert will consist of high-class vocal num-
bers undtr the leadership of Professor Bur- 1
ness, soloist; by Frank Onslow, tenor; Miss
H. Heath, soprano; -Miss M. Judson, con-
tralto: L. A. Larsen. bass; oration on Sir
Walter Scott by the Rev. George C. Adams 1
of the First Congregational Church, and will j
also include many novel features, such as
the combat of Fltz James and Roderick Dhu,
and that dramatic scene, the capture of Rob
Roy, and several other tableaux dear to
Scottish hearts; a grand gathering of the i
clans and choral singing by 200 clansmen In }
costume; grand Highland reel in costume by
the best dancers on the Pacific Coast; enter-
tainment at S. dancing at 10. Admission, I
adults 50c, children 25c. i
AMUSEMENT COMMITTEE. |
ALL societies now meeting in Red Men's Hall j
and other places and having to remove, are
Invited to call and Inspect the new, mod- j
cm Scandia Hall, 161 City Hall ave., near j
Larkin, Just completed. Everything there.
Just what you want. Hours S to 9 a. m.
and after 7:30. evenlncs.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will be held at the of-
fice of the company, 777 Mission St., San
Francisco, Cal., TUESDAY, August 23, 1904,
at S o'clock p. m., lor the election of direct-
ors for the ensuing term and the transaction i
of tuch business as may come before the |
meeting. Transfer books will close. Friday,
August J9. 1904, at 4 p. m. Hy order of the
Board of Directors. M. C. GORHAM, Sec.
OFFICE ot the McCarty Wireless Telephone
* Company. Room 327. 927 Market St., San
Francisco. Cal., Aug. 2, 1004. — To the Stock-
holders of the McCarty Wireless Telephone
Company, a Corporation: Public notice is
hereby crlven that a special meeting of the
rtockholdern of the McCany Wireless Tele-
phone Company will be held at the office of
th^ said company, room 327, 927 Market St..
San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, August
lb, 1904, at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
of declaring vacant the offices of president,
secretary and treasurer, and also as directors
of said corporation; said meeting is called by
order of Henry A. McCarty. guardian of the
estate of Francis, J. McCarty, owner and
•holder of more tUp two-thirds of tho sub-
scribed capital m* of said corporation.
HENRY A. McCATTtY. Guardian of the Es-
tate of Francis J. McCarty.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1
postage paid.
AGENTS WAITTEP.
DO you want work? Ladles or gentlemen; no
canvassing or soliciting; no time from regu-
lar occupation; no one need know you are
my representative; no money, outfit cr ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable work can be done home: for In-
formation, address J. W. KIDD, 6025 Baltes
block. Fort Wayne. Ind. .
I 10,000 samples of Perfection Beverags Prep-
aration are being sent out free to Introduce
these healthful, non-lntoxlcatlng beverages;
25c pkg. makes 3 gal.; free sample; agents
wanted. C. P. Thompson. La Crosse, Wls.
AGENTS— National campaign, high-class,
lvory-flnlshed portraits of candidates 11x14-
tremendous hit; 100.000 ordered. Send 25c
for sample and prices. KRENGEL MFG
CO.. 18 Ann st.. New York.
AGENTS wanted to sell campaign baggar.
check watch fobs; the only practical cam-
paign novelty; we can supply both parties-
agents make SCO per cent. Baltimore Watch
and Jewelry Co., Chicago, III.
AGENTS— "Teddy's Teeth" beats buttons,
badges, photos; makes more noise than a
horn: $10 day easy: samples 10c; territory
given. TEDDY'S TEETH, Chicago.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement en building and loan
is -worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building,
1 GENTLEMEN — Sell stocks, bonds; reliable
j banking corporation: nd membership with-
drawal fe*s. General agent, 217 Crocker bid.
I • — 1 , .
t $75 MONTH and expenses; no experience need-
1 ed: position permanent; self-seller. PEASE,
I MFG. CO., box 109. Cincinnati, Ohio.
1 ¦
i PERFUMES, toilet articles, flavoring pow-
ders. PACIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO
1220 Treat ave.. San Francisco.
MRS. ROOSEVELT'S egg separator and beat-
er: sample 12c postpaid. WESTERN SYNDI-
CATE. 700 Powell st.
j - — .
I WANTED— Portrait agents. 1005 Howard st.
I $25 TO $50 per week; samples and particulars,
10c. Yosemlte Mfg. Co., Station A, San Fran.
1 WANTED — Agents who like walking; make
easy money. Apply F.W. MIL.LLS. 117 Sutter.
LADY scents, send C5o for sample best selling
woman's article. West'n Syndicate, 700 Powell
NEW proposition; lady or gentleman; active
workers get big pay. 916 Market st, r. 58.
AGENTS wanted. 207 Mutual Bank building.
SALARY paid rood book agents; references
required. D. Appleton, r. 1. Flood bldg.
AGENTS wanted by Imperial Studio, 744 Mar-
ket Et.; an unusual offer.
LADY agent wanted. Donohoe building, room
78. 1170 Market St..
A WEEK'S news for B cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pares, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
ATTOBKEYB-AT-LAW.
R. W. KING. Attorney- at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor: entranco room 611; established 15
years; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
specialty; private, quick; no pay In advance;
mining companies organized ; patents obtained;
Q. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st. : estab. 22 yrs,
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, „¦ quiet; advloe
free; all' law buslntes; no charge unless) suo-
cecsful; «pen evenings. P27 Market, room 30L
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in "advance; all law business; - office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r.SX
, Columbian Law Sr. Collection Agency, r. 85/ 918
*' Market; tel. John 6226; solicits your business.
OAKLAND APVEE'TS'arTS
OAKLAND ZbOOaiS ft BOAXU> WASTES
WANTED — Good home for young lady from
oountry. Box 1311. CaU office. Oakland.
OAXXAXD rraSITUM POB SALI.
TO-MORROW tao day for bargains in furnl-
ture. K- Schelhaas.llth st.,cor.store,Oakland. ,
MILL VALLEY ADV'ET'S'M'TS
BILL VAU.ET B.EAX. ESTATE.
A CHOICE site for a home? We have it. It
must be In on* of the suburbs? We can
put you on the most attractive property in
beautiful Mill Valley. Can't stand a high
price? Take your choice of lots from $400
to $900. How about the terms of sale?
Esi»y: 10 per cent cash and $10 monthly.
That's easier than saving It. What special
advantages la Mill Valley? Many. Here
are a few: Soft, equable climate, free from
fogs. Lovely, well-wooded sites. Incom-
parable panoramic view of the bay, moun-
tains aad clustering auburtm. Pure moun-
tain water, a tonic In Itself; 45-mlnute con-
nection with San Francisco by electric car
and ewlft ferry. Perfect sewage system.
Fine schools. Good neighbors. Restful quiet
after the city's distractions. You'll look at
them to-day? We'll see you on the Sausa-
lito boat this morning or at the Mill Valley
station, just at the right of which the lots
lie. If you come later. We are there all day
Sunday. Who is handling the property?
LYON St HOAG. 116 Montgomery St.
San Francisco Advertisings.
OHTOOH SERVICES.
SIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, corner
Hayes and Buchanan sts. — Rev. John Steph-
ens, pastor, will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:45 ,
p. m. Morning sermon on 'The City and the 1
Church," In the evening the sermon will |
b« th« third In the series on "The Great
Choice* of Life." Eunday school at 12:30
p. m.. C. B. Perkins, superintendent. Ep-
worth League at 6:45 p. m. . j
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission St., between j
Sixth and Seventh— The pastor. Dr. George j
W. White, will sneak at both services to- ,
day. Morning hour, 11 'o'clock; evening,
7:30. Sunday school at 12:45, Rolla V. j
Watt superintendent- Christian Endeavor
meetings at 6:15. Excellent muslo by chorus
choir; free seats: everybody welcome, tt
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ne«s av. Vnd
Sacramento ft., Rev. William Kirk Guthrie
pastor — Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Rev. Edwin Hart Jenks, D. D.. pastor First
Presbyterian Church, Omaha, will preach at
both service. Sabbatb school 9:40 a. m.;
Christian Endeavor 6:30 p. m.; Wednesday
8 t>. m. midweek sen-ice. At the close a
reception will be given to Dr. Jenks. A num-
ber of missionaries. It is hobed, may be
guests. All are cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Flllmore sts. — Rev. John HemphlU,
D.D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Rev. John Ferguson of St. Stephen's Church/
Sydney. Australia, will preach. In the even-
ing at 7:15 o'clock there will b» a praise
service with brief addresses. Sabbath school
at 9:S0 a. m. Christian Endeavor meeting
at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday
evening at 8 o'clock. All are cordially in-
vited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Page sts. — Rev. Herbert E.
Hays, pastor. Morning sen-Ice at 11 o'clock.
Sermon by Herbert B. Haye. Theme. "How
to Rest While at Work." Evening service
at 7 :45. Sermon by Herbert E. Hays. Them?,
'The Kind of Thinking That Leads One to
God." Sunday school at S>:45 a, m. Chris-
tian Endeavor. 6:45. Prayer meeting every
Wednesday evening. Pastor's residence, SC9
Waller st. I
TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twenty- I
third and Capp sts. — Rev. Edward K.
Strong, pastor. Sen-Ices at 11 a. m. and 7:45 !
p. m.. Bible-school at 12:30 p. m.. Endeavor
Society at 6:45 p. m.; Rev. Dr. Hartley will
preach in the morning; subject of evening
sermen. "Jesus With His Friends." Strangers
welcome to all sen-ices.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st. — Preaching
to-morrow. Sabbath, at 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m.. by the pastor, H. H. Bell. P.D.
Morning theme, "Atonement." Quarterly
communion. Evening them«, "Six Great
Facts." Sabbath school. 9:45 a. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor societies at 5:30 and 6:30
p. m Strangers cordially Invited to all ser-
vices. Pews free. Courteous ushere. Come
and bring your friends.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Port
and Maaon sts. — Rev. George C. Adama,
D. D.. castor, will preach at both sen-icee.
At 11 a. m., tODic, "T*e Sunset of Life."
At 7:45 p. m., topic, "The Lost Sheep." All
are cordially Invited.
THrRD Congregational Church, Fifteenth st.,
near Mission— Rev. William Rader. pastor.
Dr. Kantner will preach at both services.
Sabbath sehool at 12:30. Frank D. Arnold,
superintendent. Christian Endeavor meets at
6:45; Wednesday evening meeting, 7:45. A
cordial invitation is extended to the public
to come and worship with us.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
of Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford
Leavitt. minister. Junior church and Sun-
day school are at 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford
Leavitt and C. A. Murdock. superintendents.
Sunday service is at 11 o'clock. There is no
evening sen-ice. Mr. Leavitt will preach
Music by quartet under direction of H
Bretherlck. organist All are cordially In-
vited.
-
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. (take Mission or Valencia
street car), the Rev. Jay William Hudson,
minister; residence 500 Capp st. — The Sun-
day School meets at 9:45 o'clock. At the
morning sen-ice; at 11 o'clock, the Rev. Jay
William Hudson will preach. Subject, "Lone
Heroes." Music by orchestra and choir, un-
der the direction of Jablsh Clement. All
cordially invited. No evening service.
I GRACE Church. California St., corner of
Stockton — Rev. David J. Evans, rector. Cele-
bration of holy communion 8 a. m. ; morning
service 11 o'clock. Te Deum In D (Evans);
Jubilate In D (Holden); offertory, "Sing to
God a Hymn of Gladness" (Warren)- full
cathedral service 7:45 p. m.; Service in D
(Martin). The sermon at both services will
be by the rector. Organist and choirmaster.
William H. Holt.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough ets.. Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett. D. D., rector^ — Holy
communion, 7:30 a. m. ; Sunday school, 9:30
a. m.; morning service, 11 o'clock: evening
servic*. 8 o'clock. The rector will preach at
both sen-Ices. You are heartily invited..
FIRST -Bnrjtlst Church. 320 Eddy St.— Rev.
W. F. Taylor of Riverside Breaches at 11
a. m. and 7;30 p. m. Bible school 12:30
o'clock; Christian Endeavor 6:30 p. m. Pray-
i er meeting Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. All
Invited; seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist Central
block. 223 Sutter st.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a m •
: eubject of lesson-termon. "Mind." Sunday
school for children at the same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock;
free reading-room. 206 Kearny st., rooms
509-510; all are welcome.
! A GRAND union rally for men only will take '
I place at the Young Men's Christian Associa- j
tion auditorium. Mason and Ellis ets., this
(Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock. Dr Wil-
liam R. Newell of Chicago, who is asso- i
elated with the Moody Institute, will address
the meeting. Dr. Newell Is widely known
as a Bible instructor. All seats In the hall
will be free to men; good music.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 r»e*« in wrapper, for mailing. 81 per yar!
MEETiyoB— sirarDAY.
MME. YOUNG'S test meet; lecture by Mrs '
Seal to-nlelit: 10c 364 Hayes, nr. Franklin- i
reaJlnrs dally, 1720 Sacramento, near Vaa
Nesa avf.
Prof. Perkins 1 spiritual meeting. 7:45 p. m..
Indorsed by "N. S. A.," also 111.. Ohio aad
other States; reaclngs daily. 1220 Mission.
MRS. STODDARXrs seances select, 25c; full
reading aad tests to each; sittings; Sunday
Tuesday. 27S Ninth St.
A— TESTS. 8 p. ro.. 117 Larkin, Scottish Hall- '
\ spirit messages; Maxwell, Horet, Nellson!
ABBIE E. HARLAND, circles evenings- to-
night. 10c. 148 Sixth; read, dally, 60c, $1.
MBS. EBERHARDT. .test meeting to-night
10c. 267 San Jose ave.. nr.25th ;Valencla car! '
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 8S5 McAllister st.— Mrs. C ¦
J. Meyer; tit, daily; tests to all every ev.;10c. '
C. V. MILLER'S materialising seance to-day,
1:80 p. m.. $1. 1084 Bush, phone Larkin 4183.
CIRCLE to-night. 10c Prof. Sabllck. Egyptian
occult, dally 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. 700 Ellis at.
W. G. KEEOAN holds a. test Beance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
MRS J. J. WHITNBTY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St., Gait House.
• TE8TS. 608 Market, 2-8 Wilson, others; 8 Dr.
Cowan. Mr. Hargrave, 10c
KOTTER'8 materializing seance Tuesday
night. 60c 1062 Ellis st.
EARLE'S grand test seance to-night. 1052
EUU *U ¦ .
MEETTKOS— TgEOSOPHIOAIt.
THEOSOPHICAL Society, Academy of Sciences
bldg., public lecture at 8 p. m., by Thomas
Prime; subject, "The Soul and Its Ves-
tures."
OAKLAND ADFTSM'NTS.
OAXItAgP BXAXi ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
46O-4C2 Eighth st..
Oakland.
J7500— Back forcing sale; large house. 0
roomi; terraced corner. 150x140; near local
service ; overlooks Lake Merritt; easy walk to
Bread* ay; $10,000 once loaned on this prop-
erty. ' ,
$5250 — Extra choloe residence. 8 rooms;
strictly up-to-date; $2400 mortgage; near .»u»
t*nd Telegraph; owner pressing sale.
$4250— Fine modern house. 8 roomi ; north
of 7th; IB-minute train service: « blocks to
Broadway; peat $S5. ' m ' _
$4000— Pays 14 per cent; modern flats, B
rooms; 52SO0 tnortgt*e forcing sale; north of
14th st.; 6 minute*' walk to City Hall.
$2700— Modern cottage. 6 rooms aad bath;
bsjiemant; 6 minutes* walk to 14th-st. depot.
$2Q0— Modern cottage. B rooms and porcelain
bath: basement; rents 520; 34th and Telegraph.
72&0O — Modern cottago. 6 rooms and t>axn.
nice locality; short walk to central Broadway.
$2100— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and baUx.
basement; electricity; street work; 3i.«xlJ&.
easy terms; near S. P. ar.d Key route stations.
$2000— Pair flats, 4 rooms ; rent $-4; one
block to Key route station,
$1800 — New bungalow. 4 rooms and bath. BOX
12.'.; near Piedmont Key route terminal.
$1SCK) — Modem cottage. 6 rooms and &a.tn;
87:6x115; elevation; leased $1S month; near
cars: East Oakland.
$1700— New cottage, 4 roopa ana bath; 50-
foot frontage; nr. Key route station; $250 cash.
$1500 — Foreclosure; cottage, 6 rooms and
bath: near locals aad buslnees section; oiler
jUKX» — 4-room house, barn, chicken house,
fruit trees, picket fence; double frontage, 125x
100; near Tbirte*nth-ave car line.
$1000— Cottage, 4 rooms; o7:CxlSS; n«ar T»l-
«rr*z-fc aad Clareaont ave*.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4eO-462 Eighth St..
Oakland.
CaJfTTALISTS, ATTENTION.
XE COR. SAN PABLO AVE. AND EIGHT-
EENTH ST.
"We ha**, after much negotiating, aa exclu-
sive authorization to sell the above fine business
lot, the enly unimproved corner Inside of
Twentieth st, ©a Saa Pablo ave., the oomlng
Market street of Oakland; business all around
it; opposite 4-story hotel; one block between
this and tie aew blocks of A. A. Moore, the
m-eii-kcown attorney, and Capitalist George W.
McN ear's new block Just finished: Just north
0.' Baafeer Hvnafcaw'B famous 6eal; 8 blocks
of Capitalist Henry Butter's new block, built
4 months ago, and now being torn down and
z&a£e larger on account of Increased business;
Ean Pablo ave. t* the street; ask any one;
ask the business people on the street; walk
ioim tl>« street aad eee for yourself; and when
¦uch well-known financiers put their money
here there Is no element of chance In this
Investment; the price is $200 per foot below
•^Joining values and nothing tor sale.
INVESTIGATE AT ONCE
BUY WHILE YOU CAN GET IT
EXCLUSIVE SALES AGENTS
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
400 and 442 Eighth St.. Oakland.
IWATCH THIS PROPERTY—A BARGAIN.
On August 1st I had sola every piece of
property In my hands for eale except a house
•ad lot on the corner of Telegraph ave. and
C8th «t-. in Oakland, Cat; house. 2 story,
with 9 rooms; lot, 135 feet en Telegraph ave.,
by 100 feet on D9th sit., extending back to
Bushrod Park; this park belongs to the city
and will be Improved next summer and double
the value of this property; there Is a large
open crace en the Telegraph ave. ilde which
will elways remain open; If the lota are
made to front en this open space they are
worth all the whole property can b« bought J
fcr; iricknetE and eld age compel the owner 1
to sell at once for the b*st price he can get. J
See the owner en the premises, or :
IP. A C. JENKS,
1209 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$750 cash. $11 monthly — New 4-room cottage.
incomplete; asserted younr fruit orchard;
larere portion set in choice Denies and vine
fruitace; Al »andy lcam bo!1; city water;
n*ar electric car line; away from foes and 1
winds; dose to a fine 3-story public school j
and adjoining East Oakland; corner lot. 100 :
x207. on inai:i county road; a delightful !
spot and fine Investment: price In all $1600. 1
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh et.. '
r>yp. Broadway Station Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JO\ES, owner.
BARGAIN*— 1500 rash, balance $30 month: «
r. and b. ; laundry, pantry, electric lights; !
fas tor cooking; lot 40x140; close to Key j
route ttation; see the place and you will •
*»r.t It. Owner, S24 Thirty-eighth St.
T» buy cr «»11 property convenient to Key j
r«ut». statlor*. *ee RICHARD J. MONTGOM- i
ERY. Beyl E»«tate Dealer. "Key Route Sta- )
tion." Kort'tth st. and Telegraph ave., Cen- [
tral Cck!and.
FACTORY FITE FOR SALE CHEAP: CON-
VKXIKrCT TO HAIL AND WATER. WRITE
K. K. PORTER. 466 EIGHTH ST.. OAK- !
LAND. CAL.
=
WANTED— A good building lot, about 50 feet j
front (in Oakland*, not too far from busi-
. r.ees part. P. C. LASS EN & CO., 4S6 Tenth
*t.. Oakland, CaL
S2C50 will buy 2 flats in rood location, near
Key route; half cash, balance on mortgage;
rent* J27 wr month. P. C. LASSEN & CO..
4C»; Tenth st.. Oakland. ;
DO you want a bargain: must be sold at a J
tsacrin«: comer let KOxl04 feet on Monte :
Vista and Fairmount ave.; fine- view of the '
b«y and surrounding country; clow to the
K*y route. Owner. P. J. KELLER office
4C4 Ninth St.. Oakland.
I OWIC 50 choif-e building lots m Piedmont,
close to the Key route; one fare; 30 min-
utes to San Krancisco; would like- to meet
a party of means, so aa to build houses
thereon, or will sell the same as a whole
or in uart; terms to suit. P. J. KELLER,
Hcrticu'.iure Commissioner. 464 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
EEE TUB XEVT 5-ROOM COTTAGES BEING
BUILT P.Y BUTTERS * BUHRING. NEAR
THE KEY ROUTE STATION; WILL BE
CTJCIEHKn IN A FEW WEEKS- TO BE 1
EOLI> CHEAP AND ON" EASY TERMS.
BITTERS & BUHRING.
4CS ELEVENTH ST.
MODERN hous*, » large rooms and reception
hall, handsomely decorated, heated by fur- '
nace, cement basement; lot 40x100 feet; I
lawa, flowers, fruit trees, etc; owner leaving
city. Apply CS5 Thirty-third «.. Oakland.
t3S0 CAPH will buy 4-room house. etableT
barn, storerooms, chicken-hous*-, well and !
pump; 50 shade and fruit trees; lot »0xl25- ;
1 block to San Pablo street cars. Box i:!03 1
Call office. Oakland.
DEFIRABLE house. 12 rooms, close In; perfect '
condition; fine Investment; rented $50 per
rr.cr.th: big bargain if sold at once. C S
WESTON. 1302 Webster tit,. Oakland. '
HOUSE; 8 room*: flue condition; near Narrow
Gauge Btstion: bargain. Address F. W 1302
Webster rt.. Oakland.
$2000— HOUSE. « rooms and bath; lot 33:4x101-
tank and minfimm. 1018 Twenty-fourth st'
Oakland. CaL
BERKELEY-OAKLAND property, rural homes
cr ranches. ACimt 875 37th et.. Oak la nd.
OAILAHD HOUSES TO LET.
FLATS FOR RENT.
ONLY ONE LEFT of those four large fine
eunny 5-room flat* on 22d st., east of Web-
6ter. L&keeide district; paneled dining-room,
large parlor with library nook; separate ea-
trance. same as if you were la a cottage- upper
f.at rent $27 50; charming view over Lake
Merritt; close to cars; short distance from
narrow-gaure depot
ALSO
Good modern flat of 5 rooms at 706 25th st ¦
nice sunny rooms; will rent for $22 60
JAS. S. NAISMITH. 634 Thirteenth 'st.
f 27 50— CHOICE flat of 10 rooms, laundry and
bath; corner location on Fifth ave close to
Key route- good location for boarders or
roomers. B. H. WELCH & CO., Fifth ave"
and Eighteenth St., East Oakland.
3'CKINS Vaa. and Storage Co., furniture
trovers; fre» map. 1016 Broadway. Oakland.
OAgl^Aarp KrOOMS. . ~
PERMANENT roomer; large funny room; run-
ning water, gas. etc. 530 Eighteenth st..
Oakland.
TWO nicely furnished rooms for gentlemen;
playing chess preferrtfl. 724 Sixteenth st..
Oakland.
ROOMS to rent at Liberty Inn, next Ye Llb-
<rty Theater. Broadway. Oakland.
FURNISHED rooms' to let— IMS Broadway,
Oakland.
TENTH, 171, Oakland— Large furnished front
roon; near trains.
SEVENTH. 171. Oakland— Nice front room;
bath.
BPSINEBB CHAWCES— Contlnntd.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 6- room ark, mocred
one hour's ride from clt"- fine chance fcr
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
*flshing; completely furnished and -equ.ppcd
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything:
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little homes ..wn.:-
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR eale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $40 to"*TO ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Ediiy.
WANTED— To exchange Income property in
Alameda for stock of merchandise In San
Frrfnclsco. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business, CAMERON it CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy et.
FOR exchange— Lot. 25x125, with oottage. Ea«t
Oakland; high basement; cement sidewalks;
everything first class; on direct car line: for
rooming-house, S. F.; value $2000. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy rt.
FOR sal«s — Wholesale and retail manufactory
for making all kinds of toilet articles, such
as face creams, tooth powders, shampooing
liquids, cold creams, toilet waters, perfumes,
etc.; established 4 years; will bear strictest
investigation; above goods in dally use and
must be had; guarantee handeome profits;
must sacrifice on account of sickness; price
$500. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy St.
$3000— COUNTRY hotel; clears S250 a month.
ftneo— Delicacy store; beat legitimate city
plac«: clears $300.
$1200 — Restaurant and furniture; established
12 years.
$500— Branch bakery. Bush et. $800— Candy
irtore.
$3000— Hote, city; 44; rent $00; fine busi-
ness.
$3250— Saloon, city front; fine bar trade.
Lodging-houses, 7 to 20 rooms, cheap. Free
list all kinds for sale or exchange.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
BEST paying delicatessen store In lively busl-
nep street; doing a first-class cash business;
value In sight; owner ¦ retiring. MER-
CHANTS' AGENCY. 1008»S Market st.
CIGAR and notion store clearing $100 month-
ly; conducted by present owner for 23 years.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY, 1008^ Market st.
SUNNY house, 11 r.. nr. City Hall: ele. loca.;
musttsell; make offer. MOREY 1027»4 URt.
SUNNY flat, ($ rooms; $30; opposite public sq. ;
this is a snap. MOREY, 1027% Market.
A — CORNER grocery, with big bar trade; long
established; lease; «lx living rooms; stable
for horse and wagon; good cellar: located
near Market St.; $1750 will purchase this op-
portunity; will only Interview party with
ready cash and those meaning business. Ap-
ply 703 Polk st.. near Eddy.
AAA— OLD-ESTABLISHED laundry route:
run by present owner the past 20 years;
clearing positively $130 a month and over
every month: route, horse, wagon, etc.,
$1000. Box 4470, Call office.
SHARES In a valuable and approved copper
mine fully developed; money required to
build reduction works to treat 200,000 tons
cf ore now on the ground. Apply 304 Mont-
gomery st.
PHYSICIAN wanted to succeed to $2500 prac-
tice; estab. 5 yrs. -.growing R.R. town.nr. Lob
Angelfs: free to purchaser, road outfit and
h. h. goods; col. 100 per ct. Box 4223, Call.
FOR SALE— $1200; paper rout*. 4 San Fran-
cisco daily papers with stock of cigars, to-
bacco stationery, notions, groceries, etc. E.
W. CROW. Newman, Cal.
WANTED — Party with ready money to Invest
in grand proposition in British Columbia;
will bear Investigation. Addre3S Safety, box
4276. CaU office.
RESTAURANT with 20 furnished rooms com-
bined; doing good business; good place for
thorough restaurant man and wife; inexperi-
ence cause of sale; part cash. Box 4428, Call.
$350 SECURES a half interest in an established
commission business; man must be honest,
industrious and sober; references exchanged.
Inquire 1007',^ Market St., room 1.
FOR sale — Lease of hotel, license and stock. In
Koort town, adjacent to Oakland; this Is a
good-paying business proposition. Address
box 3368. Call office.
FOR sale — Roo-nir.g-house and restaurant in
factory district; doing good business; must
sell- quickly, account sickness; cheap. 331
ltey^st.
RESTAURANT for sale privately; sacrifice to
prouer party: second parties don't reply.
Answer box 4420, Call office.
A LEGITIMATE opportunity open to party
with means desiring to follow theatrical ca-
reer. Box 4268, CaU office.
BANANA culture pays big profits to Investors.
For particulars addrets Guatemala Planta-
tion Co., 224 Callaghan bid., S. F.. Cal.
$3000 WILL purchase Vt Interest In an Incor-
porated business clearing $400 per month
each; full Investigation. Box 3043, Call.
WANTED — To buy a small chicken ranch,
with house and barn, near city. Box 41G7,
Call office.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery & periodi-
cal business, with a long lease. Apply to E.
BAUER, S. F. News Co., 342 Ge*ry st.
A CHANCE of a lifetime to the right lady or
gentleman who has $3000 to Invest. Box
3654 Call office.
$300 SECURES interest in profitable light mfg.
business; nothing difficult to learn; value in
slrht; inside work. 247 Fifth st.
$200 — NOTIONS, candy pastry, laundry agency;
3 furnished rooms and basement; large stock;
owner leaving town. 525 Taylor st.
AT cost; cheap; a first-class fruit store on
Market St.; close in. Apply at 24 Montgom-
ery st.. room 3.
$500 — BAKERY route; 2 wagons, team, har-
ness; cash trade, clearing over $100 per
month. Call, afternoons, 329 Noe st.
A GOOD chance for capital and services; es-
tablished manufacturing business. Box 4295,
Call office.
$2510— CIGAR itoro; will rent for $200 a
month: 5 years' lease; transfer proposition
corner; rent $10. Address box 2175, Call.
A CHANCE to make money in a legitimate
business: 60 per cent profit. Inquire of E.
H. SCHWINGER. Russ House.
30" ROOMS: always full; all men roomers;
clears $90; price $000; rent $90. Address box
4033. Call office.
$1000 — A FINELY furnished and well-stocked
Halnon in one of the best country towns. Ap-
ply itt 1006-8 Washington St., Oakland.
A BARGAIN^bld established trimming, har-
ness and carriage business: selling account
sickness. Box 12S6. Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale— $1250; steam laundry making $500
receipts, clearing $200 monthly; lease; rent
$25. Box 1317. Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale — An interest in one of the best-pay-
ing grocery businesses in San Francisco.
Box 3361. CaU office.
FOR sale — Saloon; splendid location: long lease;
terms reasonable. Answer H. H. R_. box
4353. Call office.
A — $385 — Saloon worth $BCO; license, stock.flxt.,
llv. -rooms. Brookbank-Norton Co., 817 Market
A — $200; PARTNER wanted; $15 to $35 a
week. Particulars at 47 Geary st., room 5.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent. 3568
17th st., S. F. ; correspondence solicited:
CAPITALIST wanted to push proprietary ar-
ticle. Box 446S, Call office.
FANCY goods store on busy st.; rent $25, In-
cludlng 5 r. ; big bargain. Morey, 1027% Mkt.
FINE paying cigar stand in center of city; a
bargain. Box 3767, Call office.
PARTNER wanted: hay, grain and coal busi-
ness. Apply J. R., box 4171, Call office.
FOR sale, cheap, account sickness, good-paying
cash business; groceries arid delicacy store;
fixtures, horse, wagon, harness; will take
in part payment . ocean beach or Berkeley
lotB. Box 39C8, Call office. *
STAGE line for sale; 10 stage horses, 2 0-pas-
senger stages, 3 -room house and lot and
stage barn; change barn. 160 acres of land;
wish to retire from business; good paying;
at a bargain. Address box 3950, Cal I -office.
A VERY good paying clothing store, with
$3000 stock; price. $3500; best of reasons for
selling. Box 4231, Call office.
$250-^PARTNER in. good-paying light busl-
• ness; must be sober, . reliable; no Sunday, or
; night work. See F. Berg, 318 Kearny, r. 1.
MEAT market averagtng $50 business per day:
. trade and location best possible; owner out
of health. Address G.. 2106 Fifteenth st.
$24. r )0— CROCERY and bar; choice corner In
Mission; reasonable rent and long lease; ln-
vestlgate this. Box 3C27. Call; no. agent*
$1000— SALOON and 6 living rooms for $750 if
*old by Tuesday. 1031 Market st., room 2.
l BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
i WANTED— 500 PEOPLE to help organise the |
Cal.. Hrnnch'San Francisco.
*.»,0i -EXPERIENCED man in 'u«i;ture busi-
DeM will, a lew thousand dollars; best
chance to make money in that »«•» » n » *"£*"
pitvua town in California. Inquire box
ol/t.5. Call office. .
LARGE! corner saloon for »ale; newly fixed
ui-: cheap ;_make offer. Box 2904. Call office.
S-JOO AND $3.-0-2 groceries; must be •oM»t j
a sacrifice; going Eaat. Apply 2S98 Folsom. \
STORE with living rooms for rent. A.pply
at bakery, corner Twenty-second and poiores.
i $300— DELICACY and branch bakery: sickness;
Investigate; bargain. Box 4293. CaU office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED millinery business. Ap-
ply 817 Laguna st.. In barber shop.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant, located on Market
st. Apply at barber shop, 817 Laguna st.
WANTED — A grocery and bar in some good
location. Address box .".-171, Call office.
WOOD and coal business In best part of West-
ern Addition for sale. Box 3434. Call office.
FOUR thousand shares Pacific Jupiter Steel
stock,' 12c Der share. Box 4255, CaU office.
HOME bakery, furnished living-rooms: good
location; bargain; no agents. Box 4474. Call.
CANDY stores (three); must sell one; a snap.
Come make offer. 1427 Market st.
i FOR SALE — Bakery, complete. Apply D. A.
CURTIN. 324 Mills building.
PARTNER wanted, or sell in whole; 13 rooms
i and saloun. 212 East st.
• PHYSICIAN needed in near by country town; •
j fine opening. Box 4321, CaU.
SHOE repairing shop for sale. 406% Mc-
Allister st.
FOR rent— Furnished hotel in San Miguel. San
| -Luis Oblspo Co. Inquire W. V., 520 Lyon st.
i A WELL-ESTABLISHED winery for sale, or :
will take a partner. Box 39.32. Call office.
, WANTED — A good saloon, city front or whole- ¦
sale district; state price; no agent. Box :
L 4CS3. Call office.
| A BRANCH office for Th« Call for the r«e?ptl*n
j of advertisements and subscriptions has been ]
opened at 1003 Market rt.. opposite Fifth.
| Open until 11 p. m.
! r.QPQiJrg-ito"0"SEs ros saxb.
j A— CAMERON &. CO.. Phone South 1050.
i :> Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
i Headquarters tor Rooming-houses, Hotels and
; All Kinds of Business Chances.
90-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room, apart- '
, ment house; cheap rent: most elegantly ]
i equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appaUJt-
. ment htart could wii-h; this little gem at bar- ,
I gain on account of sickness.
j 2S rooms; elegant fur. family hotel on Nob '•
• Hill; doing fine business: will trada for large '
; apartment-house and pay cash difference.
I 103 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine •
j bar; can be run in conjunction if desired; rare
j chance for right parties; part cash, balance
, can be paid out of the house; other business '
interests demand immediate departure.
6-year lease and contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-date 40- room house; fine central loca- !
I tion; party suddenly called East.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long <
I lease, up to date, downtown, modern house/;
j electric Hghts, bells and elevator; all light
; rocms; well furnished throughout; chance of
i li IV time to set first-ciass house that is clearing
i $350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
i modate large body of people in coming con-
j clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to .
settle an est&te; make offer; exclusively with
i us -
26 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on ¦
; Suttcr; paying a handsome profit on invest-
j ment; call for particulars.
; CO rooms; newly furnished throughout; 5-
! year lease; downtown; fine respactable money-
! making house; part down, balance reasonable
j Interest.
! 9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
I furniture; good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 1: price J40O.
I 75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
¦ nlshed: cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in; '
I clears $4CO per month: $40C0 down, balance 8 '
i per cent per annum; departure.
18 rooms; rent $65; best block on Mission '
street; good buy and worth the price; $300. ,
65 rooms; best downtown commercial hous«
i in city; clearing now $.".00 per month; e*ery- .
i thing flrst-class condition: will trade for Oak-
i land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
: In California; must leave city.
21 •¦ rooms; cheap rent: very central; good
) furniture and carpet?; clears $100 per month; '
| must leave city; make an offer. ;
: 32 rooms; cheap rent: 2 years' lease; 2n«
i downtown location; 2 entrances: everything in ;
j flrst-class condition: good furniture and car-
I pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
j sient can clear $300 to $U50 per month; here is !
! bset proposition In city.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
i cost $600; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class.
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
! clearing $500 to JROO per month; must sell on :
account of other business; only with us.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
1 furnished ; clcse in: full flrst-class people;
I clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
45 rooms: rent only $125; flrst-class location; •
well furnished and good running order: clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
ISO rooms: crand, new. modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $5C0 to $000 per month;
close In; full of nice people: bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
23 rooms; central; 4-year lease: clears $1KJ
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and .
equipped little apartment house in city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
16 rooms; rent $6.1; 'good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city: make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. T-*T. Black 3C0T.
Rooming houaea and, hotels for sale.
H. C. DECKER Established In 1S77
OOfl MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING HOUSES.
11 rooms; Mason; new furniture $300
60rooms; Market St.; only 2,500
8 rooms ; Me Alllster-st. flat ' 450
31 roomp to trade for sma,U house 2,500
25 rooms; Sixth and Market; rent $100. 1,5«V>
15 rdbms; Ellis St.; new rurnlture 0CO
C rooms; rent $10; a nice little home.. 200
45 rooms; boarding-house; fine corner. 2,500
17 rooms; downtown; see this 1,000
B0 roorrs; hotel and bar ft.OGO
22 rooms; elegantly furnished 2,S()O
36 rooms; downtown: reduced to 1,100
0 rooms; fine piano; on Sutter st 400
17 rocms; on Fourth st.; a bargain 1.200
38 rooms; on Market st 3,000
40 rocms; reduced from $3500 to 2.200
IB rooms; clears $100 1.250
Houses, large and small, from $50 to.. 20.000
Flat, 8 rooms and bath 600
Lodging-house, 30 rooms... 1.100
Lodging-house, 54 rooms 6,000
Lodgli.g-house. 40 rooms 2.200
Rooming-house, 20 rooms 2,500
Rooming-house, 11 rooms .'. . 350
11 rooms: good piano; on Sutter st 400
16 rooms; fine corner . goo
24 rooms; transient 2 300
. TWENTY HOUSES TO EXCHANGE.
H. C. DECKER. 906 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
MARIOH GRIFFIN.
4C6 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3807.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sala.
' MITCHELL & CO..
. 12C6 Market st. Phone Jessie 2981.
Rooming-houses, hotels and flats; will sell
any house: part cash; balance easy payments.
45-r. transient; lease; rent $205: clears $175.
. 11 r.; rent $.55; downtown; for $450.
44 r. ; rent $240; modern apartments; Al.
105-r. apartment: rent $5 room: fulL
: V MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market «t.
I.ODgrNO-HOUSES TOB RAT.E— Coa.
A— 14O ROOM3; flrst-class hotel with bar; ,m
- positively clear over $10CO per month; noth-
ing in San Francisco outside cf the Sc Fran-
cis Hotel will equal It In point of furnish-
ings; every room an outslda room; steam
heate^l and every known modern convenience;
if you are looking for one of the city's beat
business opportunities on easy terms; get full
particulars from MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406. Examiner Bldg., San Franciscoi.
A^-SUNNT CORNEB-
24 beautiful bay-window rooms: new ua&
beautifully furnished at a cost of $2500; on
account of Immediate departure will sail at
a great sacrifice and on easy terms; this) Is
certainly worthy your immediate investiga-
tion. See MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Exam-
iner building.
17 ROOMS — Elegantly and substantially fur-
nished; bontcn location; absolutely worth
and should sell fcr $2C0O; It goes. If sold at
once, for $1220; worth this amount to aa auc-
tioneer; come quick if you want a money-
maker at a bargain and a nice- home. MA-
RION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bldg.
SSOO— PART cash; 14 rooms; well furnished;
nice houa* and well located. M. GRIFFIN".
34 ROOMS— Sutter-st. corner: well and. sub-
stantially furnished; always full of steady
roomers: highly respectable; net profit year-
ly. $13C0. and all we »re asking for this
beautiful corner is $3000. For particulars
see my agent. MARION QROTK.
TRANSIENT— Extra well furnished; quiet; 89
rooms; lease; clears $250; should tfear ftOO;
price $3000, part cash. 31. GRIFFIN.
40 ROOMS — Private boarding-house:^ one of
San Francisco's most destrable corners; earn-
ing now a profit of $150 per month; on ac-
count of sickness will sell at half value: fcr
location, particular* etc., see my aarent. MA-
R1ON QRIFFIN.
10-ROOMS; $500: rent $32 SO.
24 rocms; $1650; rent $60.
21 rooms: $1850; rent $C5.
OAKLAND REALTT CO»
9C8 Broadway. Oakland.
A CHOICE, well furnished rooroln*-hotisa for
sale, near business center: a bargain.
PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO..
70S Market St.. rooms 60-t-605.
10 TO 30 room*; your money resvdy If price
and location suit. Buyers at MercaaaU*
Agency. 1003% Market it.
NICELY furnished roomi nz-hous» of 17 rooms,
with lease, very cheap this week; leaving
citv Inquire 1143 Larkin st.
$1250 17 ROOMS; well f urn. : north of Mar-
ket: leas* 2 years: clears $73; easy terms.
MORSE & PERRY. 632 Market St., rocra 5.
ELEGANT roominr house oi 23 rooms. 1203-3
Oough. near O'Farrell: rent $140. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 813 California.
HYDE, 853 — 9-roomed upper flat; 8 room* fur-
nished; good location: comfortable* home- fop
family, and spare rooms rent well: $400.
WANTED — To lease a hous* of 45 to 80 rooms,
unfurnished. Address, with rent, ate. Box
84C4, Call office.
FOURTH st. — Twelve sunny rooms; larg* sun-
ny yard; bath: no agents. Box 44S&, Call.
GOOD paying house at great sacrifice": financial
difficulties. 927 Market St., room 428.
23-ROOM house; well furnished: cheap wnt;
lease; price reduced. 730 Eddy at.
20 ROOMS; rent $40: long lease. Apply B47
Howard st. Come, make offer.
I.ODOING-HOTT3XS •WAJTTED.
WANTED— An empty 40 to ICO room lodging-
house; will lease If reasonable; central lo-
catlon. Address box 4485. Call office.
CAjHUPET BEATXroAOT CI^EAMTgrO.^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process uni-
versally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs ar* also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 308 Market St.: phones Mala 152 anJ
Bush 470.
"WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 3I55-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 210 Fourteenth st.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning 2c yard. Tel. Mlssicn 74,
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Hir-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 12G.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses mada over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
CARPET3 cleaned 3c; furnitura moved. GIS3-
LOW. 60S Larkin St. ; phon-» East 745.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CHT3SOPOPISTS.
ALL ailments of feet cured: corns^ bunions,
ingrowing nails, eic. Dunlap Inst.. 50 Geary.
COTTAGES TO I.ET.
$14 — NEW 4- roomed cottage, bath, pantry and
large basement, chicken house etc; lot lOOx
ICO. G. Thistleton. 272 Sadowa. Ocean View.
NICE cottage. 4 sunny rooms; large basement;
gas; yard. 2331 Greenwich St.. near Pierce.
COTTAGES PO3 SAI.E.
FIVE- ROOM cottage; barn, fruit, flowers) ; Key
route; cheap for cash. Box 2910. Call otflc*.
FOR sale — Cottage. 6 rooms and bata. Inquire
at S3 Cumberland at.
C0TTAGE3 WANTED.
WANTED— Cottage. 4 or 5 rooms. VJS1TH.
718% Grove st.
SgrSITTJAI^rSM.
DEAD-TRANCE medium; names, business,
mining; circles Tuesday, Thursday, Satur-
day. S r. m. 325 Ellis St., front parlor.
ALL skeptics should consult M^me. E. Your.?.
the psychic seertss; readings dally. 1720
Sacramento st., near Van Nesa av*.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, s»anc» for full
forms Sunday evening. 52S Ellis St.; 80c.
Mrs. Burr (formerly Anthony), medium, lif»
reader. 711 Harrison, nr. 3d; 1. 25c; g. 50c.
PSYCHIC reading* by mall. $1; correspon-
dence solicited. C. Mayo- Steers. S563 17th St.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium aad
life reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
EARLE'S grand test seanc* to-night; fuH
names. 1052 Ellis St.
CI.AXRVOYAKrT3.
SPECIAL FOR A FE"W DATS.
LADIES' READINGS 80c BOe. BOo
MEN'S READINGS $1. $1. $1
NO CHARGE NO CHARGS
"Unless You Obtain the Informatioa for
Which You Consult Hlaa. . ;
PROF. H. BLANCHARD,
Trance Medium, Psychic Palmist aad Clair-
voyant.
THE LEADER OF ALL IN" HIS PROFES-
SION. •
He gives advice on business, love, court-
ship, marriage and tells of your friends and
enemies; removes evil influences, reunites th»
separated and causes speedy and happy mar-
riage to the one of your choice; cures diseas*
and lost vitality without medlcln«: locates
mines, buried treasure, old estates, lost or
stolen goods, absent friends.
HE SEES ALL. TELLS ALL.
Parlors Nos. 2 and 8,
1033 MARKET ST..
(Over Westerfeld's Restaurant.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Home Sunday*.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Headings $1. Would it not be relief to know
how you wiU succeed. b« relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Ihen for reliable reading go to Livingstone.
428 Eddy St.: three* separate reception pax-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. 8 p. m.
OMAR, the Oriental Mystic, gives advice on
all affairs; complete life readings; Instruction
In all branches of occultism. The most won-
derful roan in Cal. All diseases healed with-
out drugs; afternoon and eve. 368 Geary.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking av ques-
tion: names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted dair. * palm.
I correctly treat ycur love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success: names;
L-. &0c; P.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. Q. O. ave.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendotne. ll!M
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours — li>
a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays, lo to 12: Wednas-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmist, ela.trvoyaat.card;
reader: when others fail try me:good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.Q.Q.ave.Tel.Larkla4207.
DR. BETIERO lectures to-night. S «*e'.ock.
Subject "Occultism." West parlor. Golden
Gate Hall, auspices Oriental Mystics; free.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 190*.
43
jmcPT.OTsajnsrr •WAjrrcp — Male— coa.
YOUNG man wants position in office with
chance of advancement; salary no object
Box a i *>o. call office.
YOUNG man having four hours each evening
desires employment of any kind. Address.
stating requirements, box Cw.i. Call office.
GERMAN, single, wants work in private place
as gardener. Address M. WELVER Soto
House 32 Fourth st.
NEAT young man wants a position In an of-
fice or do collecting; references. Box 3730
Call office.
WANTED — A position as a collector by a
sober, reliable married man; references given.
Address J. J.. box 4475. Call office.
EXPERIENCE!* liquor and cordial salesman,
one who has an established route. Address
J. JACOBS. 737 Market st.
ENGINEER'S assistant wants position; thre«
years' exucrlence: steady, reliable; good
references. Box 4-i9. Call office.
YOUNG man. able to give bon'l and references,
wishes position in commercial bank; salary
no object. Box 4455. Call office.
SALESMAN, thoroughly acquainted with gro-
cery Trade, in San Francisco, Oakland. San
Jose etc. Box 4207. Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, strictly first-class, under $2000
bond, open for engagement after 20th; 500 ta
commence. Box 4114, Call office.
A YOUNG man would like a position as tech-
nical assistant in doctor's office. Box U71«.
Call office.
YOUNO man cf good address desires a posi-
tion as clerk In wholesale house. Box 37-J,
Call office.
COMPETENT man wants a position In grocery
and bar; sober and reliable; 4 years" ex-
perience. Box 3777. Cail office.
THOROUGHLY competent experienced man
wants position aa railway agent. Winchester
Hotel, room 50
WANTED by a middle-aged married man, po-
sition to help In store, or any light work;
best of references. Box P D X. Cail office.
A YOUNG boy. 13 years of age, wants position
In a florist store; haa. had previous experi-
ence. Box 365O Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes a posltton aa
night watchman; 0 years' experience. Ad-
dress box 4419. Call office.
STRONG sober man desires laboring work of
any kind by the day. week or month: steady
work preferred: state wages. Box 4423. Call.
POSITION wanted by a young man of\s to
tend cigar stand or do porter work; best of
references. Address box 4264, Call office.
BOY 16 wishes position In office of wholesale
house. Address FRANK HUDSPETH. 103
Eleventh st.
EXPERIENCED mechanical engineer with
first-class papers wishes a position in chars*
of machinery. Box 4411. Call office.
EXPERIENCED cutter wants position in a,
fine merchant tailoring establishment; can
furnish best references. Box 4460. Call.
WANTED — Position by young man 20. ex-
perienced offlca work. L. ENNXS. Fala.ca
Hotel.
YOUNG man. 3 years In drug business, wishes
work any time outside of school hours. N.
M., 2241 Fifteenth st.
WANTED — A situation as sp*clalty man for
wholesale- house: best of city references.
Box 44fi«. Call office.
STEADY married man would like position la
wholesale house in the city: can furnish ref-
erences. Box 3055, Call office.
PRINTER— iYoung pressman. 4 years' experi-
ence, wishes position; wages $9 a v/eek. Box
4329. Call office.
BOY. 16 yearn of age. wants position as an
office boy In a wholesale business. Address
box 4323. Call office.
EXPERIENCED and willing general utility
man wants position in wholesale or Lurga
retail house. Box 42.80. Call office.
PRINCIPAL of schools from East deslr«s busi-
ness position; bookkeeper: som* experience
In hardware and furniture. Box S65G. Call.
AN experienced young man desires a position
as stearr.flt.ter or plumber's helper; best of
references. Address box 4491. Call office.
MACHINIST'S helper wants position; middle-
aged, sober. Industrious; good reference*.
Box 4326. Call office.
YOUNG man who has studied mechanical
drawing desires position as draughtsman's
assistant. Box 3751. Call office.
WANTED — A position in a printing of2c» by
a boy IS years of age; has had on* year's
experience. Box 4115, Cail office.. . .,
WANTED — Situation as collector: strictly
tempera to and reliable; references and bond.
Box 42S3. Call office.
A YOUNG man of 4 years' experiaaoa would
like position In law office: operate type-
writer. Box 3CC3. Call office.
YOUNO man would like position In general
merchandise store; city or country. Box S663.
Call office. "
POSITION wanted as Janitor la exehasga for
tuition In business college. Address 202-1
Powell st: phone Red 621 «.
POSITION wanted as shipping clerk In whol<»-
sale liquor house; best references. Box 3670.
Call offlc ».
POSITION wanted as foreman or oversser la
factory or otherwise; references. Box 3823,
Call office.
YOUNO man would Ilk* a position as sales-
man in wholesalj house; best of city refer-
ences. Address box 2652, Call office.
A BOY wants position In dry goods store; haa
had 3 yearaf experience. Address box 3092,
Call office. r
POSITION as manager of mercantile business
Is desired by an Eastern man: 20 years' ex-
perience: cash bonds. Address box 2915, Call.
YOUNG man gclng to St. Louis desires a com-
panion, or will guide a party; lived In St.
Louis 8 y«ars. Address box 2913. Call offlcs.
YOUNO draughtsman would like additional
work to do evenings, either mechanical or
patent office drawings. Bex 364S. Call office.
YOUNG man with references wants situation
in grocery store. Apply 607 Asijbury st.
afternoons.
EXPERIENCED crockery and household goods
salesman deslreg position: wholesale pre-
ferred; reference*. Box 3«12. Call.
A YOUNG man wants position In hardware
store; has had 5 years' experience and knows
business thoroughly. Box 3982. Call.
BOOKKEEPER with leisure time desires work
of similar nature on the side; would aasumo
charse of small set of books. Box 3999. Call.
BOY of 16 wishes position driving butcher cart
or light delivery wagon. Adiress FRANK
HUDSPETH. 106 Eleventh st.
A FIRST-CLASS general machinist and tool-
maker with 20 years of experience wants
steady position. Address box 4119. Call.
FIRST-CLASS a'.l-round machinist and engi-
neer want3 steady position; city or country.
Address A. K.. box 3715. Call.
YOUNG man wishes situation as salesman with
wholesale jewelry house; 10 yeara' expert-
ence. Pox 4103. Call office.
YOUNO man 13 years old. wants work of
any kind. Call at 32S Jessie st. JOHN
MAGGE.
A YOUNG man would like position: general
clerical work, collecting; can operate type-
writer. Box -4074. Call. -
A POSITION In a law office in San Francisco
la wanted by a young man as clerk; best of
references. Box 4111. Call.
YOUNG man. 23 years of age, a graduate
optician, is open for engagement. Box 4121,
Call office.
A GOOD, all around machinist wants work
evenins's; some experience in electric work.
Box 4093. Cay office.
YOUNG man would Ilk* position as book-
keeper: best references. Box 1306. Call of-
fice, Oakland.
POSITION as drummer for notions; northern
counties preferred. Adiress box 13C3. Call
office. Oakland.
WOULD liko works«ln hotel or apartment
house: understands elevator* and steam, heat-
ing. J. F.. 13ti Hayes st.
A MAN handy with tools wants work wh«r« h«
can make himself useful; good references.
Box 4167. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER, knowledsa of bookkeeping,
office experience, collections, wants position.
Inside or outside. Box 41«i>. Call offic*.
¦
I WANTED— Positron by first-class. trust-
worthy, reliable bartender; city or country.
Address 433t«, Call office. -
A STRONG, reliable young man wanta a
steady position: no objection to hard work.
Address J. A.. 7-41 Tghama st.
FIR^T-CLASS meat and pastry cook wants
situation in 'hottl; city or country. Box
4158. Call office.
For Additional Classified Advertise*
ments S*e Pace Forty-Four,
EMFLOYMIKT WA JETTED— Female-- Con
GIRL wish's to do housework. Address M. P.,
34 Prospect ave. . ¦ ,
PLAIN sewin* and mending wanted by neat
seamstress. Box 4117. Call Office. .
YOUNG lady wants position as nurse. 611
Gough st.
SITUATION as accompanist for pupils of vocal
teacher; at home or at studio. 438 Oak st.
WANTED — Position In office as stenographer.
Address box 4447, Call office. *.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work in small
family. Box 4415, Call.
YOUNG woman desires plain sewing, shirt-
waists or plain skirts. Box 4471, Call.
YOUNG lady desires position In doctor's office.
Address 1010 Halght st
YOUNG lady wants dressmaking by the day.
1511 Brodarlck st.
A YOUNO lady wishes position as stenographer.
Address Box 4253, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes sewing by the day;
terms reasonable. Box 4408. Call office.
EXPERIENCED laundress wishes Monday
work. $1 60 day. L. M., 24S}4 Harriet st
STRONG woman wants work by the day. 32*
Mason st; phone Black 2386.
ACCURATE, ambitious stenographer desires
permanent position. Address box 3764, Call.
WANTED — By experienced governess charge
of children during the. day. Box 3770, Call.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Apply
257 Minna st •
STENOGRAPHER with some experience would
like position. Box $713, Call.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as working !
housekeeper. J. S.. 340 Sixth st \
WOULD like work as chambermaid. Apply !
MRS. SMITH. 744 Howard st
A LADY wishes work by the day. Apply
IOCS Natoma at.
HOUSEWORK, cleaning, scrubbing or any
_klnd of light work. Box 4076, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wishes work~by~The'day;~$r5O
a day. Box 4123. Call office.
A WOMAN S3 years of age wants position as
housekeeper. MRS. SILVER, 320 Powell »t.
A GIRL of 14 years wants to take care of
child. ADDIE JOHNES, 320 Jessie st
AN elderly woman wishes general housework]
experienced. Address box 40S2, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wishes position by the day.
Address W. R., 103 McAllister st
EXPERIENCED lady's maid, well recom-
mended, wants situation. I. M.. box 4121.
Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes plac* as housekeeper.
J. P.. box 4122, Call.
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper; no objection to
children. H. L., box 4120, CalL
WANTED — A position as housekeeper In coua-
try. Address A. M.. box 4087. Call.
WANTED — A position as waitress. Address
M. T.. box 4086. Call.
WANTED^ — A situation to do housework. Box
4000. Call office.
A LAUNDRESS wants work by the day; pleaj*
call Sunday. 1123 Laguna st
FIRST-CLASS finisher on gentlemen's custom
work; wages $14. Box 4282. CalL
A WOMAN wants work by the day. 65 Lang-
ton st.
GIRL would like light of Ho* work. Box 4435.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position.
Address S. M., 1019. Sacramento st
EVENING work as cashier or stenographer
Box 4339. Call. .
A CAPABLE woman wishes cooking and gen-
eral work; $25. carfare. Box 4324. Call.
NEAT young lady wants house-cleaning by
the day. 2000^ Fillmore st
LADY desires house-cleaning by the day: will
work cheap. Box 3611, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants chamber work
or cooking; wagea moderate. 744 Howard st
LADY would like to mind children for people
going East for fare. Box 3086, Call office.
A GIRL wishes position as housemaid. AddIy
box 3083. Call. *
WANTED— Position as lady's maid; 6 years
with last employer. J. R.. box 3980, Call
WO ,¥^ N wishes work by tho day. Address
316 Jessie st.
SITUATION to do housework. B21 Bartlett st
WANTED— By dressmaker; work by the day
Address box 3087. Call office.
WANTED — Poritlon as nurse for children. Ap-
ply 607 Octavia St. '
WANTED — Position as cashier. Apply Breuss
WANTED— Position as cashier In restaurant
Apply 507 Octavia st.
WANTED — Position as seamstress. Apaly
at the Earlwood. room 60.
A WOMAN would like a few hours' work in
a rooming-house. 24 Wetmore place.
A WOMAN wants light sewing or mending
by the day. Call or. address 673 Kansas st
bet Eighteenth and Nineteenth. *
EXPERIENCED stenographer wants position
in wholesale hbuse. Box S709, Call.
YOUNG girl desires a position as nurseglrl.
Address 11 Fern ave.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants first-class place.
511 Leavenworth. st.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing by the day. 230A
Third st. _V-'..--
STRONG woman wishes work around house*
$1 50 a day. Box 3C04. Call office. (
EXPERIENCED woman around bath house
wishes position. Box 366:{, Call.
WANTED — Situation to do plain sewing by
the day. 1725 Fulton st
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. Box
3660. Call.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day; wash-
ing smd.,4foning. 141C Baker st.
WIDOW wishes situation aa housekeeper. 1202
Mission st.
A SWEDISH first-class cook and housekeeper
wanta place; city or country Box 3€02, Call.
WANTED— Position as saleslady In candy
store. Box 36C9, Call.
ARTISTIC dressmaking at home or by the day.
407 Van Ness ave. Phone 1488 Mint
A WOMAN wants work by the day; washing.
Ironing; $1 25 a day. Box 41C0, Call orflce.
WANTED — A place as maid. Call or address
1C03 .Sacramento £t., E. of Larkln. ,
WANTED— By English lady, care of chid. 848
Vaencla st.
| WANTED — Position as sa«>*!ady; millinery H.
I K. H.. box l-IOO. Call office.
GOOD cook desires position In private family.
E. P.. 40111 Folsom st, city.
LADY- wishes position In candy store. Box
20, Call office.
j WANTED — Position In barber shop by lady
, manicurist. Address box 42e6. Call office.
SWEDISH woman,' not afraid of work, wishes
any kind of work by the day. 1173 Howard.
WANTED — Position as apprentice for millin-
ery. Address box J301. Call offlc*. Oakland.
WANTED — Position by experienced stencg- >
rapher. Box 1302, Call office. Oakland. |
JAPANESE girl wants to do cooking for fam-
ily. 12ir>'/i Post et.
YOUNG lady would like position as companion
to laily traveling. 313 Golden Gate ave. -
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day.
Please call at 44 Tehama st.
WANTED — By a Protestant," housework and
plain cooking. Box 4034, Call.
LADYwlll do plain sewing at home; children's
clothes especially. 1110% Filbert, nr. Hyde.
A COMPETENT, "thoroughly experienced book-
keeper desires good position. Box 4499, CalL
FASHIONABLE dressmaking at reasonable
prices done, at 828 Howard st
A' WIDOW with a boy (C years) wish's a place
as flrst-tiass housekeeper for few gentlemen
or oM folks: country preferred. Call at 321
Howard st. • •
LADY with some knowledge of shorthand and
typing "would like position as bookkeeper.
Box 4102.: Call office. . _ .
DRESSMAKER wishes a few days' sewing;
$1 50. ¦ 126 Langton street, rear.
A SECOND girl, 3 years' references, wants a
situation. Call at 425 Sutter, st.
WANTED — A position as companion to elderly
•¦ lady by refined young lady. Box 3793, CalL
CI^fl-IRTOYAlTTS — Ccatalned.
PHOF. J. G. LEONARD "~
THE CKEATEPT LIVING EXPONENT OF
CLAH'.VOYANCV.
WHO HAS ESTABLISHED A REPUTA-
TION IX l:\-tKV I'KOMINENT CITY
IN Tlir. KNTIRK ViyiiLD.
H1 ,?~ DEPUTATION HAS BEEN EARNED
BY THE WONDERFUL POWERS HE
HAS tHOWN, AND NOT BY AD-
VERTISING. AS IS ATTESTED
TO BY THE UNLIMITED
NUMBER OF TESTIMO-
NIALS HE HAS RE-
CEIVED.
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
rn?f Leonard has decided to plare his ser-
vices s.t ;he disposal of the people of this city
for special re«td:n£s tt the reduced price of $1
Th:« extraordinary favor will only b« ex-
tendej Tor this week only
All « 4 -vr'.i cations by mail, or special mes-
senger, must positively be accompanied by the
:«? in order to hold the «s>polntmeat
The central ioc&tion of Prof. Leonard's
ofact;S end cor.su) tauon room enables busy
;«oj}le to easily reach him.
ARE YOU IN TROUBLE?
BAD HEALTH.
business worry
family difficulties,
legal complications,
ok under evil influences?
PROF. LEONARD WILL HELP YOU.
HE IS CONSULTED ON ALL
AFFAIRS AND NEVER FAILS,
BKCAL'SE HE GIVES A PLAIN
STATEMENT OF FACTS.
"Aj it Is the chief concern of wise men to
retrench the «vlls of life by the reasonings of
rhlloepphy. it is the employment of fools to
multiply them by the eentirr.ents of super-
stition."
It ebould be comforting to know that you
na\-e the opportunity of consulting a person who
can ;>oint out th« dangers ahead, eo that you
may avoid them. You may aek, "How shall
we know who is true and who is the Im-
postor?" "By their work ye shall know them."
Prof. Leonard has stood the storm of investi-
gation inspired And prosecuted to the end by
the 'eading t-.-i--:.t:s:» of the present age. has
calmly and patiently borne the treacherous
blasts of er.vy and jealousy and is firmly and
lrreiietlbly Intrenched In the hearts o* his
fellow -cltizerih. This honor, this knowledge, h-e
prizes mere than gold.
Twer.ty-Cve years' ccr.ticuous practice, dur-
ing th« n:ost cf which time he has been prom-
inently before the public in a business and
social way, and «tan.dinc to-day without a
stain or blemish upon his reputation. Is the
best <r\1denca that can be offered aa to pur«
motives and fconeat methods in business deaJ-
ing*. •
Prcf. Leonard convinces his callers by tell-
iag the'.r <very trouble, hop*, fear, wish and
ambition In complete detail, giving names,
date*, locations and actual facts concerning
your life and circumstances which you know
to be absolutely true. He gives information
ani reliable *.dvloe ujvsn business, positions,
travels. raJes. changes, domestic affairs and all
th» perplexing problems of life.
2S3 Gearr st. bet. Stockton and Powell,
Room 36, San Francisco.
10 to 6 daily. Sunday 11 to 5.
Ail Corr«*j>cndence Promiitly Answered.
CXT THIS ADVERTISEMENT OUT. AS IT
WILL NOT APPEAR AGAIN.
THERF. ARE NO SIGNS OF ANT KIND
DISPLAYED OUTSIDE MY OFFICE. COME)
TO THE ABOVE ADDRESS. ALL READ-
INGS STFJCTLY PRIVATE.
A — TEMPLE cf Occult Science.
ilysteriou* Power — ELLSMErtE.
EUsmere — Doubt r.o more.
Ellsrr.ere^ — Trouble leaves you.
EUsmere — Success.
Permanently located.
8 offices — lOGTJfc Market et — 3 offices.
This week only, a full $5 reading for
SI- $1. SI. $1. $1- $1.
EllsrSTe — Egyptian Seer. Clairvoyant,
Prophet. Psychic. Palmist.
Educated by the adepts of India.
The invisible wonder-workers of Thibet
You havt never consulted one so
Fully er.dowt-J v.lth Psychic Occult Power. ¦
If dissatisfied befcre, call and be convinced.
The greatest clairxcyant in the world.
1>lls your full name, age. occupation,
• whom sn<l »h*n you marry, how to win the
¦ DC you i<ive. eelect a partner, sell or buy a
•liUFin^Fs. where to locate, win a lawsuit, of
friends, enemies. Journeys, changes, sickness,
troubled dcnv-stlc affairs, wills, dreams, xlz-
!?r>*, etc.; in fact everythloc without ask-
ing questions; all reve&Jed; nothing con-
. cealed; advice on ail affairs of life; positive-
ly rviaiar.tK's to marry you to one you love
or admire; hastens marriage, restores lost
•ff'Wtif'n. reunites the separated, causes do-
mrtrtie harmony, gives luck in business. Fpec-
" ulation. investment arid all financial affairs;
ioeatrs mir.es, lost claims, buried treasure,
persons or goods; removes spells, ill health,
evil influence, drink or weak habits: master
of rurseyUve jntrar^uiics; controlling power
" Implanted in. your nature permanently, so you
may control secretly; t»ar:hes persona! mag-
netism, use of occult forces, clairvoyance;
develops these desiring medluinship. Read-
ings by mail. $2. Hunday and every day in
offk-es; arranged so you nvet no one; $1.
Buccess with mysterious power; the most
reflr.rd cr sensitive ne^<i r.ot fear to call.
3 <-fflces— 1007 *4 Market — 3 offices.
AA — CALL ht once and eav« $4.
My I emeus 15 readings this week tor $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever la San Francisco.
I dc ncreby solemnly agree and guarantee to
' make co charge, if I fall to tell your name, and
vm; you wast to know. I tell if husband, wife
or ew«-«thes.rt is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I wlil tell every nope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
f .'. I will improve your condition eo you will
reach the greatest poesibl* strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, talcing, speculation; I implant the
conu-oiling po«er in your nature so you can
faccicate aay one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and caus«
Bvaxrlfce* with cr* of choice. 10 a. m. to 3
p. ra. ; closed Sunday. 226 O'Farrell st, 326.
MADELINE DERESHLV ~ "~
IHB MOST RELIABLE
CLAIRVOYANT,
PBTCHIC, PALMIST.
In Ban Franclsoo.
69o— READINGS WEEK— 50a
Tour fortune foretold correctly by
MADELINE DERE6HIA.
DON'T LOSE HOPE
CetU you have consulted this great wonder.
ADVICE ON ALL BUSINESS.
Speculation, revelations of love, «tc She
will f!l you what trade, business or profes-
. «ion you are adapted for.
120« MARKET, ST.. cor. Golden Gate ave.
PWfCr 6.
Hours 10 a. m.' <$>„#; p. m Horns- Sunday.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
• Ciairvcyart and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St. next Examiner
Mag.: the reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
Fi-esent happening* and portrays events to
pecur In the future; if you are In trouble,
jflisconter.ted cr not catlsfled with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
• *ult this great medium and you will be told
how to overmm* them; valuable advice la
all affairs cf life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
ar.te»d; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4SC9.
ELLEMERE, Egyptian eeer clairvoyant: has
tr.vettrious power: complete life readings;
guarantees desirable marriage; restores health
and gives controlling Influence. 1007*4 Market
MRS. DR. E. GANDERS, 810 Ellis et. — Advice
given on all kinds of buslnets; mental sug-
geEtlcn taught 12 a. m, to 7 p. ra.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad.
vice: came* given; 23c up. 8 Ellis et
MRS. CLAJUC, wonderful palmist and card
reader; ladles only. 421 Hyde st
MADELINE DERESHIA. 1208 Market st,
parlor 6; clairvoyant Psychic asd palmist
MJtfE. C SAVONIA. »clentlflo palmist and
clairvoyant £22 Stevenson.
2£ME. FLORENCE, card reader and palmist
prices reasonable; hours 10-B. 713 California.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c
gents 50c. S45 Minna et
MME. WALTERS, rreat card reader: la. 25c,
gents 50c. flSl Mission st. nr. 6th; open Sun.
M7SS WARD, clairvoyart gives name*. dateZ
facts; readings dally. 817 Market, room 10.
MRS. BAUMAKN. the well-known fortune-
teller, ta row at 317 Ellis st
CLOTEIIIO EEUOVAT1SO.
EUTTP cleaned and pressed. $1; securing and
dyeing. Bon Marcbe. 40 Ellis st. room 14:
phone Drumis 44. Call for asd deliver fre«.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. M»)n 5&$o~
coEZ^CTicm Aosirrs.
Columbia/i Law & Collection Agency, r. S5, 916
Market: tel. John 6226; solicit* your business.
S EXTTZSTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings. &0c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless' and
.warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Marketnr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when platis are
made: old plates made ever like new; teeth
from $H ;.er set; extracting 00c; gas given.
PR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Si7 Geary
et. to f>SO Geary.
GOLD fillings. 75c; siJvw. S5c: crowns. $2: ao
pair; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,201 Butter
DEIfTISTS — Continued.
DR. KNOX. d-ntist. now located at the Grant
biTlMlnp. j.003 Market st. room 203; a.11 flrst-
_clas«s dentistry at low prices.
j FARIS Dental Parlors, 2.13 K^an^Tccr. Bush—
j bet teeth. $1 SO up; crown».?2 up; nillngs.25c.
ARTHUR OHISHOLM, FUnreon-denti.«t.r.l4.1j-t
floor. Phelan Jric^JjQe Market, ccr. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 960 Misslon.cor. 6th.
PjaESSMAKERS ACT SEAM3TBE3SB3.
WE MUST DO IT!
We have one of the largest electric power
factories on the coast, employing finest de-
signers and white skilled operators money
can hire, making the finest ladies' suits,
gowns and evening dresses for the whole-
saler. Trade with them is dull and its work
for the peode direct or close factory.- We
are not going to close factory, so eay bring
your own material to us and we will make
your dress at prices that are the lowest ever
quoted in California. No dressmaker on
earth can beat our styles and you put dol-
lars in your pocket. Call, investigate, bring
this ad. and tee what it does. American
Garment Mfg. Co.. 1429 Mission st, nr. 11th.
McDowell dressmaking and millin-
ery SCHOOL always in the lead, because
we have the best system of dresscutting, give
the best course in milliner}' on the coast and
have the latest imported patterns. Positions
furnished. Best references. Any pattern cut
to measure. 1019 Market Et.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN dress cutting system, a European
Invention: absolutely perfect; a child can
learn tt; pupils make dresses; terms easy;
high-class dressmaking done. 811 Leaven-
worth et.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class;1019 Mkt
! Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
arfs button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
SPPCATldlTAI..
A BIGGER school than ever. On Julie~7~\ve
moved to new fireproof building, 73S Mission
st. t between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course.
$5 a month; life scholarship, $50. Day and
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
pchool for university, law and medical col-
leges: refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
i professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
mere performances and secures mere engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S mo.
I BOOKKEEPING. Eng.; math., etc.; day and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkln st.. Prof.
' T. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
FRENCH and German private lesson* by a
European graduate. Address DENEKAMP,
Phil. D.. California Hotel.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, aj?say, cyanide: day. ev. ; e«t. 1864 Van
der Naiilen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
WANTED — Addresses cf singers and perform-
ers on different instruments for musical di-
rectory. G. W. Hagans, 628 Montgomery et.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
"WANTED — A first-class teacher of mathemat-
ics, physics and chemistry: good position for
right man. A. L., box 4232, Call office.
GENTLEMAN" teacher teaches at pupils'
homes all English branches, German, French
Box 4412. Call office.
TUTORING and board for boy in private fam-
ily; experienced teacher; best of references.
655 Shotwell st.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL. 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. II. Webster, Pres.
SPANISH classes and private; fifth successful
year of teaching. Prof. Maya, 427 Sutter Bt.
SHORTHAND taught tr.or"Iy by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett 302 Montg*my.
SCHOLARSHIPS on leading business colleges
at great reduction. 1035 Mills bldg., city.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st. — Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Businesn College, 345 HaiKht;
individual lnstruc. ; all branches; day, eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt, com-
p!ete course. 6 mo. $30, eve. $4 mo.; private.
i CUTTING taught to practical tailors; price-
reasonable. F. SOWERS, 120 Sutter st
KENT Law School, day and night; send for
particulars. 536 Parrctt building.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request
EMPtOTMJEjrr^OPPICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell Bt; tel Main 5752.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chlneee Emp. Office. 415 Stockton":
j best help. Fritz Tamagakl. mgr. ;tel. Bush S59.
RELIABLE Japanese-Cnlnese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOTMEHT WAHTEP — fEMAI.E.
NORTH German nursery governess, middle-
aged, wishes situation as day governess for
children from 9 to 12 a. m. and from 1 to 5
p. m.; also plain sewing; references given;
compensation 'moderate. Address box 4040,
Call office.
GIRL wants situation to care for children;
competent 1019 Stanyan st
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor, suits, evening
gowns; only firet-class work; cutter and fit-
ter; ail work guaranteed; few more engage-
ments per day. MISS BARSS, Sherman
House. 28 Eighth et.
POSITION as housekeeper by refined middle-
aged, woman in small family of adults; town
or country; good hom« main object Address
1425 Pine st.. phono Sutter 32. or call be-
tween 2 and 5.
A SWEDISH first-class cook and laundress- Is
strong and willing to work; city or country;
be»t of reference: wages $25 to $30 Box
4010. Call olflce.
EXPERIENCED German woman wishes work
by the day; washing, ironing, house and
window cleaning; $1 60 a day. Address box
8630. Call office.
[ A SWEDISH first-class cook for private fam-
ily or boarding-house; Is a good, strong
worker; can give best of reference; city or
country. Box 3995. Call.
YOUNO, strong Swedish woman wants to go
out by the day or will take ladiee* and
children's waeblng home; all washing neatly
done. Box 8613. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes customers for
mending and repairing clothes. Address
MRS J. TRIES. 6*i Golden Gats ave., rear
building.
, AN experienced nurse wishes engagements;
surgical or confinements; references; reason-
able; economical. Call or address MRS.
MERRITT. 127 Seventh st
| AN American woman desires an engagement
to go to the World's Fair as companion or
nurse; will give ample references. MBS.
j B. L. X.. Call office •.
I A LADY wants situation in refined family
whera three hours of light duties with small
compensation for services would be accepted.
Box 4352. CalL
, BOOKKEEPER, cashier, typist; young lady;
I expert accountant; all modern systems; high.
: es>t references; last position 6 years* Box
j 4230 Call office.
j DRESSMAKER, (experienced) would like a
; few more engagements by the day; good
cutter and fitter; terms at present $2 day
j and car fare. Box 4156, Call office.
: CO 5 )K J German); is first-class in all its
branches, in American, French and German
cooking; attend* to kitchen departments
only; references. Call Monday. 743 Eddy st.
; A COMPETENT woman wishes a position to
do chamber work and sewing or would do
Box tl 42J3. C Call° r COUntry: best references.
! YOUNO lady wishes position as stenographer
7ni £ f m: , k*1 had 3 y8ars# experience
£V d « c^ n ,, fu "- llh be " °f references. Box
3754. Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER by respectable woman in
widower s family where a mother's care is
needed; city or country; two years' r*>r»r
ences. 9C3 Harrison st '
XU5LIABL— : woman wishes light housework or
chamber work, where she can take girl 4\4
i >ears. $10 to . $13; city or country. Box
.""CO. Call office.
WANTED — By middle-aged woman, position as
governess: children's nurse and needle-
woman. Address M. R.. 1006 Valencia st
rMraOYlTEHT WASTED — Peguda— Con
YOUNG lady wants position as saleslady.
Box 4238, Call office.
YOUNG lady typewriter desires work for th»
afternoons. ' Box 4240, Call office.
WANTED — Housecleanlng or mending by the
day. MRS. WANDEL, 328 Jessie *t
YOUNG woman wishes chamber work part of
day. Address MRS. Z., 812B Jessie st, rear.
A RESPECTABLE young lady desires care of
invalid, day or night. Call at 1235 Market.
LADY'S maid wants work mornings only. Box
4317. Cail.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper. Apply
at 124 Sixth st.
WANTED — By German lady, position as work-
lng housekeeper. Box 44S1. Call office. '¦-,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tha
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister «t
EMPLOYMENT WAHTED-MA1B.
A SITUATION BY A PRACTICAL AND RE-
LIABLE MAN AS SUPERINTENDENT OR
FOREMAN OF DAIRY STOCK, FRUIT OR
GRAIN RANCH; THOROUGHLY COMPE-
TENT TO TAKE FULL CHARGE OF
EITHER. ARE YOU THINKING OF MAK-
ING A CHANGE IN THE MANAGEMENT
ON ANY OF THE ABOVE NAMED AT
THE PRESENT TIME OR IN THE NEAR
FUTURE? OR WOULD RENT ON
SHARES. BOX 4432. CALL OFFICE.
THOROUGHLY competent, fully experienced,
well-educated and highly Indorsed manager.
buyer, confidential man of good address; ag-
gressive, (reliable, temperate and responsible,
desires a position In any of the above capaci-
ties; in the city or Interior; can build up a
business and handle goods so &s to show
profitable results; understands every detail of I
general merchandising, specialties clothing,
hats, men's furnishing goods. Address box
4251. Call office.
MARRIED German, 25, who is able to read
and write German. English and French cor-
rectly, wishes a pcsltion of any kind; has
had a leading position in a largs enameling
works in Germany, and had a little expe-
rience In all kinda of office 'work, as well
; as in shipping and packing. -* Box 4541, Cail.
EXPERIENCED, reliable young man, 27 (Dan-
ish), desires a position as coachman; useful
man about place; city or country; under-
stands some gardening; can milk, etc.; thor-
oughly competent In every respect; refer-
ences. Box 4159, Call office.
STRONG young man (23 years old) would like
situation as night porter or night Janitor
with business house, > wholesale or retail;
highest references and bond if desired; mod-
erate waces. Box 422S, Call office.
MAN and wife would like situations in the
city or country: man is used to animals and
care of garden; wife is. a first-class American
oook and housekeeper; good reference*. Box
4422. Call office.
ACCOUNTANT wanta special •ngagements;
daytime or evenings; dally or at Intervals to
suit; expert work; adjustments; systems de-
vised. G. B. BARNARD, 5 Market st.
room B.
A BOY of 16 wants position as offlcs boy.
318 Pine st, room 2.
EXPERIENCED architectural and mechanical
draughtsman wishes evening work at office or
at home: can make ail plans and details: is
surveyor and electrician. Address 762 Mc-
Allister st
MAN of many years* experience In the manu-
facture of goods and running a factory wants
a position as manager or superintendent; can
give best of references. Address box 4430,
Call offlc*.
POSITION as bookkeeper is desired by a
young man; 10 years' experience: will take
entire charge of booka if desired. Address
box 2915. Call office.
SITUATION wanted — Experienced drapery
man. now employed by a leading furniture
house In city, wishes a position; best of ref-
erences. Box 4103. Call office.
GERMAN, middle-aged, single, wishes situa-
tion In grocery as clerk or manager; coun-
try preferred; first-class reference*. Box
4098. Call offlc*.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener wants engagement
by the day or month: thoroughly experienced
in all branches; single; German; best of ref-
erences. Gardener, 810 Jessie at
AN experienced and competent stenographer,
bookkeeper and collector desires position
where he can advance; will go to any coun-
try; best of reference*. Box 36SS. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position to run elevator
for few hours each evening: is thoroughly
competent and employed at the present time.
Box 3640. Call.
STOCKHOLM tar pyrollgneous acid wood dis-
tilling, skilled manufacturer, wants position-
to operate factory: would go north; beat
references. STOCKHOLM, box 8622. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position to tend cigar
stand during evening hours; best of ref-
erences and thoroughly understands tho bus-
iness. Box 3789. Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman In general mer-
chandise, with best of references, desires po-
sition: country preferred. Address box 1304,
Call office. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS steam and gas fitter, with 10
years' experience, desires position; is will-
ing to co out of town if required. Address
1029 Buena Vista ave., Alameda.
POSITION as manager loan office; wide-
awake, up-to-date hustler; good collectbr;
close appraiser; bond any amount; best ref-
erences. Box 4037, Call office.
RELIABLE man would like position to take
care of houses for owner or real estate m.an;
references. Address H. C, 1524 Golden Gate
ave.
VPJRY bright boy. past 14. a genius in me-
chanics, modeling, designing, etc.. wants op-
portunity to earn wages; would b« generally
useful. Box 4436. Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller; reining, stationery, power plant
factories; wants work at home. Box 4274,
Call office.
A YOUNG married man wishes a position of
any kind; watchman, teamster or any kind
of work; Al references furnished. Address
box 4271, Cull office. iaaiTgS
BY thoroughly competent grain man; 10 years'
experience in commission business and man-
ager of elevator line in Minnesota. 207 Mu-
tual Bank building.
A CAPABLE hotel man, cashier and book-
keeper, thoroughly experienced, steady
habits, desires permanent employment; bonds
furnished. Box 4426. Call office.
POSITION wanted on private place; under-
stand gardening, take care of horses, milk,
etc.; good references. Address box 4291, Call
office^
GERMAN man, 40, wants position on fruit or
j dairy ranch; industrious and reliable; good
worker and manager; excellent references.
Address box 4290, Call office. t\ .*
SALESMAN with a thorough experience In
stationery, • office supplies, wall paper and \
picture framing business, wants a poeltlon.
Box 4290, Call office.
WORK wanted by a practical gardener; handy
nil round man with tools: house and carpet
cleaning; work of any kind taken at most >
reasonable terms. GARDENER. 2028 Ellis. ;
AN experienced -hardware and stock clerk
wanta a permanent position with reliable !
firm. Box 4125. Call office.
NIGHT watchman wants place, sober and re>-
liablc: sood references; bond if necessary.
Box 4270. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER has about 3 hours each day
and would like -xtra set books to keep; no
- saloons. Box 4272. Call office.
; , , .
A YOUNG Frenchman wishes a situation of
any kind, where he could learn English; has
good references. Box 4275, Call office.
AN experienced box maker wishes work;
piece work or wages: piece work preferred.
Box 4462. Call office.
'¦ WANTED — By a young man. a position at la-
dles' tailoring: has had considerable experi-
ence. Address J. P. HAUSER, 3268 Mission.
EXPERT bookkeeper, married. 9 years' experi-
ence highest references furnished; reasona-
ble wages. Box 4459. Call.
JAPANESE wants position, any kind of work,
two or three hours in evening. K. TOKAI
& CO.. 1333 Pln« at.
BOY wants situation to run errands in tailor
shop; has had previous experience. Box
3707. Call office.
MARRIED man wishes position as porter In
a wholesale house; references given. Box
3090. Call cffic«. <¦
YOUNO man, aged 17. desires to work In
factory to Ieam tho electrical business. Ad-
dress jJCS^a Greenwich et.
YOUNG man wishes position as shipping clerk
in wholesale house: haa had 7 years' experi-
ence. Box 3616. CalL v,
YOUNG man wishes 'situation as Janitor; nUht
¦ work only; salary no object Address box
3792. Call office. •
'WANTED — Position as policy clerk In insur-
ance office: expert engrosser; best references.
Box 3791. Call office.
! tWHQOYXElirr -WANTED — Pemalc—Con
I A FIRST-CLASS French cook, understands all
kinds entrees, balads and pastry, a good '
j baker, wishes position In private family;
j wages $:J5 to ?iO; rett-rencca. Box 3766. Call.
| A REFINED, well educated German girl
; would like some pcsltion in family: is able
| to do sewing- and fancy work. AnDly 18A
Joice st., off Pine, bet. Powell and Stockton.
STRONG, competent American woman, tem-
perate, hor.est, wants light sweeping and
washing by the day; fine laundress; cheerful
worker; $1 25 and car fare. ISO Fourth St.,
first flight, room 24/ -
WANTED — Position as experienced stenograph-
er and bookkeeper; can give reference. A4-
dre&a box 4410. Call office. . V /< \
A COMPETENT woman wants cooking and
downstairs work in private family; wages
$25. Box 3S73. Call.
AMERICAN woman with a child 6 years old
wishes position in a private family; refer-
ences. A. J.. 194 Post St.
j SITUATION as cook and general housework;
* wages $25 to $30; references; Is steady; city
or country. Box 4154, Call.
RESPECTABLE German girl wants to do gen-
eral housework 8 a. m. to 1 p. m. daily; $3
a we*Jc G. L.. box 425S, Call.
A YOUNG lady of brilliant accomplishments
would like situation as lady in waiting In
wealthy family. Box 4418, Call. l " ¦
I WANTED — Fashionable dressmaking In fam-
; ilies. $2 50 per day; city references. MRS.
; F. H. JOHNSTON, P95 Sutter St.
I ELDERLY lady wishes situation in small fam-
ily to do housework; good references. 181
I Fourth st. '",- : :
WANTED — Young lady with about 5 years'
experience desires office position; excellent
writer and references. Addresa box 4331, Call.
YOUNG French lady would like to take care
of baby day time. Call Monday. 832 Turk
st.. near Jefferson square.
AN experienced Invalid's nurse and house-
keeper desires a position. Box 1319, Call
office, Oakland. *.
J AN excellent cook would like position with
; club of gentlemen or ladies. Box 1320, Call
r office, Oakland.
I ,
i A LADY who can give references would like
residence to care for. Box 1321, Call office,
Oakland.
EXPERT stenographer and typist desires desk
room etc., in exchange for services. Box
4424, Call office. , V .' :
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day. $1 60; perfect fit guaranteed.
Address Janitor, 6 Eddy 6t.
YOUNG lady would like a position to help in
kitchen and delicatessen etore. Box 4463,
Call office.
GOOD dressmaker wishes work by tha day or
at home. $2 and lunch. 27B Pearl st., be-
tween Market, Valencia and Thirteenth.
COLORED lady wants washing and ironing
to do at home. MRS. MORROW. 2330
Greenwich st
AN experienced nurse with best city references
wishes position as nurse or caretaker; terms
reasonable. Address box 4252, Call office.
YOUNG lady speaking German as governess;
excellent references; city or country. Box
4421, Call office.
WANTED — By a dressmaker, sewing In fami-
lies or will take work home. MISS A.
HIGGINS, 1037 Market st.
RESPECTABLE widow wants plain sewing
in store or hotel or to take home; neat
work; moderate waces. Box 4i27, Call.
A REFINED middle-aged lady would like po-
sition in tuiartmcTit houee aa housekeeper.
Box 4342. Call office.
A WOMAN wants work by the day house-
cleaning, washing, etc. Cail 602 Howard
St., corner Second.
GOOD dressmaker will reduce he^ price from
$2 50 to $1 f>0 a day during the dull season;
references. 550 Ftevenson st., near Seventh.
YOUNG lady wishes to coach children or |
adults In primary said grammar studies.
Address MISS A. I., 103S Sanchez st.
COMPETENT bookkeeper, 10 years' experience,
best of references, desire3 position. Box
3772, Call office. ¦¦:.¦• : 'l/
A SCANDINAVIAN woman, flrst-claes' cook
and house worker desires situation; city or
country; wagea $25 to $30. 318 Jessie st.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do
ehamtwrwork in rooming-house or to assist
_Box 4024, Call office. '
WOULD like a few more engagements for halr-
dresslng. manicuring, shampooing and scalp
treatment. Phone Howard 4163.
LADY Dianlst, exDerienced in vaudeville work,
wants encasement. Address Pianist, Box
3673. Call office. -
A COMPETENT, reliable, middle-aged woman
wants a situation to do general housework.
1020 Howard st.. room 33.
SITUATION wanted as waitress in large
restaurant or hotel. 479A Fourteenth St., be-
tween 9 and 11 o'clock Sunday.
A GOOD seamstress wishes a position as cham-
bermaid or light housework; wages $25-$30..
Apply 2855 Mission st
YOUNG, strong, first-class Swedish laundress
wants to take washing home or go out by
the day; $1 50 and car. fare. 214 Fourth st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as caretaker of
child: would travel if necessary. Address
box S977. Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes housework and
cleaning by the day; $1 CO upward. Apply
1 Tremont ave.
LADY wants sewing or as«lst housework from
9 a. m till 2 p. m. Address only, 181 Thir-
teenth st.
COMPETENT young girl desires situation as
cook; wages from $30 to $35. Call at 1204
Larkln st. -
DRESSMAKER and talloress; good fitter, cut-
ter and designer; will go out by the day; $2
1422 Post st, near Octavia,
GERMAN woman wants cleaning and washing
by the day. 1433 Fifteenth ave.. South San
Francisco.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
is good laundress; would do cooking by the
month. 1KJ4 Howard st.
A WOMAN wants sweeping or laundry work
by day or hour: 20c per hour. Address or
call, MRS. K.. S64& Mission st.
COMPETENT woman wants position as cook
in American family; short distance in coun-
try or city; wages $15 to $20. 47 Shipley st.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as stenogra-
pher; has had three years' experience. Ad-
dress Box 4409, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes a situ-
ation to help In housework; no objection to
an infant. 81 Federal Bt.
i
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
took and to do light housework; reasonable
Box 4202, Call office.
i — ————-—————-————-——___________
MIDDLB-AGED woman wishes to take in
washing or by the day. Address 420 Third
ave., near Point Lobos ave,
FIRST-CLASS cook from the East; wagea $30
to $35; best of references. Address box 413S
Call office. '
¦
YOUNO lady with experience wishes position
& t 22__& sT re88 K - *•• Cail branoh '
i i •
WANTED— By dressmaker, sewing by the day
or at home; plain sewing and children's woric
included. Phone Scott 1324. orlt
YOUNG girl with good references would like
position as assistant stenographer. SARam
EPANIER. 246 Shipley st? bakah
WANTED — Plain sewing by day or week
1918 Ernest' 1 * d * y * MRS " DIINfCAN .
A REFINED and experienced lady desires do-
sltlon manicuring, halrdresslng, etc Box
1583, 1008 Market st
A WOMAN' who Is a good worker wishes work
for Monday and Thursday; $1 60 and car
fare. Phone Black 4041.-
YOUNG woman wishes laundry work or house-
cleaning by the day. Address Call branch
300 Hayes st '
LAUNDRESS or cleaner, first class, wishes
work by the dayj best references. Box 4HS3
Call office.
POSITION wanted as sewing girl. Box 3tiS3
Call office.
GIRL wishes position in millinery store. Box
3C85. Call office. -. ¦
STENOGRAPHER desires position in whoie-
sale house. Address box 3690, Call office.
CITY printer desires position in quiet religious
town. Box 3eO2, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS piano teacher desires pupils-
terms reasonable. . Box 4015, Call office.
GIRL wants situation as nurse. Box 3723 Call
office. . ' ¦
WASHING and Ironing done' by the dav
• MRS. MULLER. 3523^ Mission et
POSITION wanted as. housekeeper by reliable
¦ middle-aged woman. Apply 206 East st.
YOUNG lady -wants position as pianist in a
band. Box 4104, Call office. .
YOUNG lady ' wishes sosltlon as- typewriter.
Box 4300. Call office. -
A GERMAN woman would like housework;
$15 to ?20. 927 Washington st.
POSITION as hairdresser wanted. Address 342
Austin ave. •_.
MENDING wanted. Address 342 Austin ave.
TRIMMER wants position. 0 Langton st.
YOUNG lady pianist wishes employment to
demonstrate music. Box 4450. Call office.
CHAMBERMAID wants situation. Address
; box 4242 Call office.
FIRST-CLA6S cook wishes position In xrlvate
family; $35. B20 Bush St. ¦;-;¦¦;-
A YOUNG lady would like position in a
doctor's office. Box 4152, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wanta position by the day. Ad-
dress B04 Leavenworth it.
INDUSTRIOUS woman wants washing by the
day. MRS. THOMAS, 1420 Washington st
WANTED— Position as cashier. Apply Breus
Cafe, 70 Third et^ "
A YOUNG lady desires position as maid in a
respectable family. Box 4477, Call office.
DRESSMAKING by the day. 038 Mission at
A WOMAN wants chamberwork by the day or
hour. MRS. K., 86414 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires good po-
sition. Box 3606, Call -office.
POSITION In bRkery wanted by young girl.
' 049 Sacramento st.
LAUNDRY work done at home. Apply MRS.
SUNDIN, 214 Fourth st.
GIRL about 15 wants a position in office. Box
3798. Call office.
GIRL wants situation as housekeeper. 48
Page st.
GIRL wants situation, housework. 4 Oak
¦treet :<r:\ ».-• •.-,•.¦•..-••- ¦-¦:•;,¦•¦"'¦-¦
GIRL wants situation, housework. 4 Oak
street.
GIRL wants situation, housework. 13# Pine
street.
GIRL wants situation in store. Box 3783,
Call office. : . Va;
AN Infant's nurse, references, wants a situa-
tion. Call 425 Sutter st.
GOOD, steady woman wishes work by the day.
Apply 746 Howard st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as inva-
lid's nurse. MRS. NORIS, 609 Minna st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 230%
Third st.
GERMAN woman wishes to go out sewing by
the day. 1011 Mission st
WANTED — By competent woman position to
care for children. Box 3700, Calf office.
SITUATION as child's nurse ; best references.
1800 Eddy st
•
COMPETENT woman wants position as cash-
ier or saleslady In bakery. Box 37C5, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes work of any kind
a few hours daily. MRS. I.. 708 Folsom st.
GOOD seamBtress would like to get sewing
in families, 75c a day. Box 3716, Call,
EXPERIENCED cook wants position. Box
3C95. Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced glove hand;
young lady. Box 3713. Call office.
WANTED — Situation by first-class cook; ref-
erences given. 147 Ninth st
i . i '
WOULD like to work few hours a day: reas-
able. 156 Clinton Park.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants work. Box
3732. Call office.
A STENOGRAPHER of 12 years' experience
desires a position of trust. Box 4414, Call.
GIRL wants situation; housework. 100 Pine
street.
WOMAN wants housework by the day "U9
Minna it.
COOK (German) wants position in country.
Box 3740. Call.
WANTED— Situation to do housework by the
day. Box 3745. Call.
HOUSEKEEPER" wanta" position. Call 117
Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wants position. Box
4112. Call.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. 236A ¦
Tehama st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to do ¦
general housework. 815% Jessie st.
REFINED woman wants work as waitress
4115. Call office.
Stenographer wants half. day position.
Box 4135, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish housework girl wants work-
has city references. Call at 425 Sutter st.
AN experienced nurse wishes a few more
cases; by Igtter only. MRS. A. N.. 215 Oak.
YOUNG girl wants light housework; $15. Call
WANTED — Situation as a milliner. Box 4'">l
Call office. '
NURSEGIRL wanta work. 153 California
street.
t0 addres3 at home - *«
POSITION as housekeeper. Apply 943 How-
ard st.
WASHING done by the day. Box 4144. Call.
A LITTLE girl wants a place to take care
of a baby. 454 Fulton sit.
EXPERIENCED girl wlgheg work in bakery-
north of Market preferred. Box 4312, Call!
CHAMBERMAID desires position. 110 Taylor
WANTED — Situation as practical nurse 1031
Howard gt.
WANTED — Position as chambermaid. Box
4—13, Oft II.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper. 315
Kearny et., room 5.
WOMAN wants situation to do infants' sew-
ing at home; reasonable. 2532 Sutter st.
LADY wanta position to do fancy embroidery
French work a specialty. Box 4215, Call. '
A LADY wishes a position for housework.' 333
Jessie st. -* -: ',-• <
WANTED — Lace curtains to wash; all hand
work. Box 4109. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE lady as good cook. Apply
at 623 Jones st.
WANTED — Situation; plain sewing done at
1725 Fulton st ¦
YOUNG married lady wishes a position as
housekeeper. Box 3667. Call office.
WOMAN wants housework by the day. Box
3680. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position to lady as com-
panlon. Box 3C63, Call office. .
A YOUNG lady would like position as cashier
5n restaurant. 731 Folsom st.
YOUNG lady wants work In candy store. 616
Ellis st. ¦
STRONG woman wishes position as masseus*
Address box 3644. Call office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 230 Third
street.
YOUNO lady, experienced stenographer and
bookkeeper, desires position. Box 3687, Call.
YOUNG lady wishes position as nurse. Box
3661, Call office. '
LADIES' tailor wants a place. Call at 1312
Howard st ¦- ¦ • : • ;
POSITION as hairdresser wanted. '. Address
ELSIE THALL. 344 Austin ave.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like day work.
Apply 82 Rausch st. ¦¦*.
A LADY desires to do washing by the- day.
Box- 4007, Call office.
MIDDLE- AGED widow wants position as
housekeeper. Box 4023. Call office.
YOUNG woman, aged 20 years, wishes to do
chambcrwork. Box 4028. Call office. :
A COMPETENT typewriter wants position.
. Box 4010.- Call office.
WOMAN, would . like mending to do. 118
Ryan ave. ¦ , ¦ ¦ , ' . .
POSITION as housekeeper, hotel or private
family. Box 3761, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as governess In small
American family; speaks Spanish and French
fluently. Box 4310. Call. office.¦Y . ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL:, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 190*.
44
EMPao-M-jn? -rAJrrap---Mai»-c<m.
-p^t^Pa^a^b SkYFSFMff
S. P.. 1406 Pacific ave. - | ,
JAPANESE, excellent cook, with «»•"£*_;
JAPANESE, good cook, wants a Job. FRANK
.FUJIMATSU. 931 Sacramento st. j
GOOD Japanese boy wants a position ¦^'^l'
boy or store work. S53 Geary st.YASHIOKA.
P_ATS TO UST.^
SONNTAG BROTHERS. _ OVTGOMERT 5T .
We have a fine list of houses and flats In
every portion of the city, among which
are the following: . "
$45 — 801 Guerrero st.: fine house: 8 r. ana d.
$35—850 Stanyan; 6 r. and b. flat.
*35 — 117 De Long ave. : « r. and b. new flat.
*32 60 — 115 De Long ave.: 6 r. & b. new flat.
?25— Vlcksburg and 24th; 6 r. and b. flat.
$22 50—1128 Filbert; 5 r. and b. flat.
$22 50—322 Noe; 7 r. and b. flat.
Call and get our printed list.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help ycu to find a
place; we never fall; service free
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-233
Geary St.. on the square.
NINETEENTH and Noe. N.W. corner: the
warm belt of the Mission; block from Castro
or Eighteenth street cars — 8 lovely sunny
upper and lower 4 and 5 room fiats; every
modern convenience; storerooms ready by
Aug. 15; rents from $20 to $27 60; water free.
PAGE. 994. near Devisadero — Modern, sonny,
upper flat of 5 rooms and bath: rent i3O.
VON RHETN REAL ESTATE CO.. 313 Cali-
fornia st.
6-ROOM lower flat; Portola St.. 25 feet north
Duboce Park; choice location and neighbor-
hood; sun all day. Apply (33 Portola st.. off
Waller, between Stelner and Pierce.
LOMBARD. 1010— Nice flat; 3 large rooms
with front and back yard: marine view; rent
j will be reasonable to right parties; no chil-
dren; apply for one week.
SUTTER, 2510. near Broderlck— Sunny, upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath: modern plumbir.tr:
rent $30. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE
CO.. 513 California st.
TO LEASE*— Furnished. -The Crest," Bausa-
lito: superb marina view; tennis court, cto-
quet; 8 rooms. 2 baths. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
CASTRO, 421. near 17th — Sunny belt; modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony | grand
view; convenient for 2 families; cheap; stable.
BAKER, 731-733 — Extra fins modem flats, 8
rooms, baths: near McAllister; open plumb-
lng.
BRODERICK. 633— Middle fiat. 8 rooms; Tery
sunny; porcelain tub; newly renovated
throughout; $25.
FREDERICK. 4<vtA— That elegant new 7-room
flat; modern plumbing, 2 toilets; elegantly
decorated; $27 60.
GEARY, 1281. one block from Van Ness ave—
New upper flat of 9 sunny rooms and bath;
modern conveniences; rent only $50.
, NOE, 1050. corner Elizabeth — New 5-room fiat;
modern improvements: convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro street cars: rent reasonable.
MODERN middle flat. 8 rooms and bath; 632
Fillmore st.; grand view; rent reasonable.
MADISON & BURKE.
ELEGANT finished new sunny upper 9 rooms,
billiard hall; beautiful view; with, or without
private stable. 930 Pierce st.
ELGIN PARK. 56. betav een Hermann and
Ridley— Flat. 5 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements.
N. LAKE St.. bet. 5th and Cth aves.; Eddy-st.
electric line passes; very desirable new flats
for very moderate rents.
ELEGANT new flats. 5 rooms and bath. $22 50.
$25 and $27 60; Howard at., betweea Twen-
ty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
OTARF.ELL. between Buchanan and Webster
— 5 rooms; corner flat; $27 50.
BELVEDERE. 138 — Upper flat of T rooms
and bath: modern and sunny; rent $45 month.
BRODERICK. 1618-1620. nr. Sutter — Elegant
new modern flats; key lot: sun and light.
BUSH, 1209— Flat 5 rooms, bath; boiler; rent
$26. Apply 1207A Bush St.
BUSH. 1417. bet. Polk and Van Ness ave.—
8 rooms; bath; yard; basement.
CAPP, 1086 — New, sunny flat, 8 rooms and
bath; all frescoed: rent $25.
DIAMOND. 120— Modern lower flat, 5 rooms
and bath; rent $17 50.
EIGHTH ave.. 674 — 2 small modern: fine
sunny; reasonable; near museum.
EUREKA and Twentieth — New modern corner
flat; 5 large rooms; $25. Inquire 305 Eureka,
FILLMORE. 1128— Modern 7 rooms; all large
and light; corner; rent $40.
FINE sunny flat to let. 133 Sanchez et.
FINE sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath. 131
Castro st.. near Fifteenth.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath: sunny; modern.
1530 Masonic ave.. cor. Congress st.
FLAT of 4 large rooms. 123 Clipper st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath, cellar and yard. 834
Waller st.
FI.AT to let of 3 rooms. 158 Tehama st.
FOURTH, 475 — Upper flat; 8 rooms and bath;
rent cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
FRANKLIN. 2350. bet. Broadway and Vallejo
— Upper flat: marine view; rsnt moderate.
GUERRERO. 510. Flat to let.
HAIGHT. J>15— Modern sunny French flat;
eight rooms and bath: rent $35.
HANDSOME sunny 5-room parlor flat; nicely
furnished. 4230 Twentieth, near Castro; <30.
HAYES, 1743, near Park entrance: sunny flats,
3 and 4 rooms; bath; rent $12 and $16.
LAKE. 742, near Ninth ave^— New French flat;
6 rooms; rent $25; marine view.
LARGEST liPt of houses snd fists to 1st. Call
en LYON & HOAG. 118 Montgomery st.
LIGHT, sunny middle flat 6 rms., bath: $27 50.
220 Waller St., bet. Buchanan and Webster.
LOWER 8-room fiat: very elegant; beam cell-
Ings. Cor. Baker and Fulton sts.
1 LTON. H l i — Upper flat of 7 rooms and bath;
sunny and modern: rent $42 BO per month.
MISSION. 1809. 1815, 1B25 — AH modern Im-
provements; elegant new flats; rent reas.
MODERN flat, of 4 rooms. 979 Sanches st.
NEAHLT new upper flat. 4 rooms aad bath.
.¦«&>i Tehama st. .* . . • -+
NEW sunny 6-7 room flats. 107 to 163 Noe
St.. near Fifteenth. </,>,-
NICE flat to let: C rooms and bath: marine
view. Southeast cor. Broadway and Jones.
NINETEENTH ave.. 133. Richmond — Sunny *>-
ro«n flat, bath gas; no children.
PACIFIC ave.. 2405. near Fillmore— Lower
flat. 6 rooms; sun In every room; garden.
PAGE, 1737— New sunny upper flat. 6 rooms
and bath; near Golden Gate Park: $37 50.
PARTLT fur. 4-room flat; bath, yard" chean-
afternoons only. 1111 Jones st.. downstairs!
PERRY. 122— 3-room flat, $10; sunny.
PINE. 2S5C— Four-room flat. $18 50.
SAN JOSE ave.. 225— New flats 6 rooms, bafhs-
swe'.lest location; Mission warm belt. *
SUNNY upptr flat 6 rooms and bath; large
yard; cheap. 39SS Army st.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 2S87. near Bryant-$20-
modfrrn flat. 5 rooms, bath and cellarr—
"S? 1111 . fl \ t ;_7 wnn y rooms and bath. 5338
Twenty- third et.. corner Guerrero.
VALLEJO. 1501. b»t. Van Ness and Polk—
Nice sunny flat. 4 rooms and bath; rent $20.
VALLEJO. 1681. near Hyde-st. cars— New 8
rooms, bath etc. ; marine view. .-¦•,*
4-ROOM flat to lot. 431% Teha»a gt,
gXAT TO SET— Continue
« ROOMS and bath, upper; nearly new _~T
den; large basement. 4237 Twentieth st
* 1S^~ 5 ROOMS; sunny; new. 331 Th^rd >,. T
Geary-st. car direct. d x% *'
$20— SU.VNY bay-window Cat; 5 roo.7, .11
bath. 1203 Cuerrero gt.. cor. TwenTy^o,,?,",*
fLATS TO __T — TV&2£lHUXZa.
FURNISHED flat. C sunny rooms. tSOO C_d<-
bU cor. Van Ngss. 10 to 4: private entrance.
LEAVENWORTH. 1319— Nicely furaUhT7~rT,
of 6 rooms; reasonable; call bet. 1 ar.d i
NOE. 459-461, bet. 17th and lsth— New midl-
and upper 7-roora fiats, conv. two families,
STEINER. 1327, cor. Ellis— Flat 5 rooms. ? ur .
nlshed, $35. to permanent tenant.
AN upp^r. sunny, newly furnished 4-rooni flat
gS. 2C^3 Sutter at. '
rr^ATs iroR sax——- i^raarisgcEiK
FOR sale— Furniture of. six-room fiat; com-
plete; cheap; flat one block from park fVr
rent; apply until noon. 702 Eighth ave.; ao
acents^
FOR SALE — Furniture cf 4-room fit; ba_7
convient. Box 4170. Call office.
8 ROOMS nicely furnished; gas stov» *s4
range; $73. 156 Hawthorne st. ¦
FURN. of 5-rc*m fiat, ne— and complete, for
sal* cheap. Box 4319. CaU: no ageat*.
Z~TB~TS~~~> P luATSrWAjHTTEO.
! WEXaL, furnished fiat of 8 or 7 rooms wasted
by a small family; centrally located: bast of
references; will rent for lone period. Ad-
dress, statin? best casa terms, etc., box
4004. CaU office.
PLAIN furnished flat or cottage wanted, aorta
cf Market St.; not less than 8 rooms: will be
permanent: some yard preferred; state rental;
mutt be reasonable. Box 3023. Call office.
WANTED— A furnished fiat of about 4 or S
rooms, with bath; references given; district
bounded by Market, Devisadero and Geary.
Box 4327. CaU office.
WANTED — Furnished or unfurnished 4 or S
room, fiat. Phon* Greea 970. 207 Call bUTg.
WANTED — 1 or 5 room furnished or uafar»
nlshed flat. 307 Call bldg. Phone Qreea 97ft.
——ATS WA5TZP.
A NEAT 5-room cottags or Cat bet— eea 1*U»
and 18th sts. and Guerrero and Howard ats.;
not to exceed (12. Box 4234, Call office.
COTTAGE or flat, 8 or more rooms: rent not
exceed $20; Mission warm belt. Box 4243,
CaU office.
LADT wants sunny Cat of 8 or 8 rooms west
of Franklin St.; state rent. Box *351, Can.
WANTED — Three or four-room flat, modern.
In residence district. J. G. M-. Call office.
WANTED— 5-room flat within 20 minutes* oC
CaU building. Box 4263. Call office.
FX-A.T, 4 roomsk wanted. 724 La g— a _ st.
WANTED— 8-room flat; $12. Box 86IT. Can.
_r U2£— Ix u oS FOE 8A£_»
YOU can buy $75 worta of furniture for $7 SO
down and $1 00 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
AN oak folding bed for sale; reasonable! Box
3463. CaU office.
FINE n-— oak bookcase, cost $15. for $7 50.
«SC8 Larkin st.
A PIANO and a fe— other pieces of furniture i
for sale. 242 Sixth st.
FURNITURE, carpets, stove, refrigerator;
bargains. 121 Stelner st.
j FURNITURE; stoves, bought, sold, exchang-d
Barger. 439 Valencta.nr. 16th.Tel. Church .<?<T3.
ruujUTua- wa~— : g d.
ABE LEVY. ~~~~
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 78L
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office .ur-
nltur*. etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. t ay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets. etJ. 7S1» Misslon:teLBush 81.1.
Pl~ ANCIAIi.
A WEEKLY dividend of 1 p. c per wk. paid
on sums deposited in our manufacture LJ
TOGGEP.. 36 Geary et.
BONDS placed: low Interest; electric rail-
roads financed. JAM£S E. GORDON, Crtss-
ley Buildlnj.
XPJWAjrr ED — — tt »tat.t;
FREE. FREE. FREE.
Free situations to all who ar» seeking
work. THE BULLETIN FREE EMPLOY-
MENT BUREAU will place you In good po-
sitions; no office fees charged. You pay for
your want ad. ; that is all.
FOR MONDAY.
. A first-class cook for a restaurant ta the*
city, wages $30 per month and fonnd; a
woman to do cooklnj and downstairs work
for a prlvata family across tne> bay, $30;
a flrst-clasa waitress for the country, wages
$25; a flrst-clasa cook for Berkeley,' wag«s
$30; a waitress for a short distance la the
country, wages $20; a young woman to do
general housework and cooking In the dty
$25: a woman for general housework In the»
country. $20; 5 girls for upstairs work In
the city and country. $23 to $30; a womaa
foi» day work in the city, $1 60 per day and
car fare: first-class laundress for the country
wages $"0; good cook for th» country small
place. $00; 10 girls for general hous-worlc
in the city and country. 12O to $30- 3 wait-
resses for Napa, straight waiting, wage* $25;
3 nurse girls for the city, wages $25; a first-
class body ironer for a good laundry ta th«
city, good wages: 2 waitresses for a R. R.
eating-house. In Nevada, free fare, $23; a
woman for a housekeeper la the city for a
number of men. nlos place, wages $35.
A — GIRL? to learn mUllnery no— for fan sa*-
son ; both seasons taught from start to frnty_
Ie ono month for $15; positions as trirarao— .
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per w_up;
day and e— <nlng class. 143 Stockton st. r. li
WOMEN aad girls tn_jr orX en fratt: cImxU
healthy place; posldnk Kgaer — agss psij
than at anxether WHJjiry . Cods-Port— ood
Canning Co.. Tenth afl3 Brysat sts.
DRESSMAKING — Wanted ta large* 6«ce_rfc>
ment store in country, a lady to asststaea-l
dressmaker; most be first-class trimmer aad
help to fit; good salary; fin* positloa. Ad-
dress by letter giving all partlcularm, ta
Manager, 541 Market St.. down stairs.
WANTED, ta Alameda. a c— spotent gtrt t-»
assist with S-year-old baby and light house-
work; references required. Apply room 341
Crossley building, 85 New Montgomery st.
WANTED, in Alameda, competent womaa t»
take comnlete charge ef invalid girt of 15;
references required; waxes $30 mot-th. Rood
341 Crossley bldg.. 83 New Montgomery st.
LADIES to learn barber trade, hatrdreastngi,
manicuring and facial massage; only two
months required; catalogue mailed fre*.
MOLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
AT MRS LAMBERT'S. 413 Pow ell St.. Beat
help of all nationalities wanted to fill va-
rious positions.
YOUNG man desires expert instructor ta
arithmetic; twice* a week; stats t«r_a, Box
4168, CaU office.
EXPERIENCED maker for millinery; ate*
saleslady; both positions permanent. MR3.
R. MOTT. 461 Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework and as-
sist with children. Call 219H Eleventh st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Call Sun-
day. 1531>i Howard st.
WANTED — A girl to learn dressmaking. Box
1307. Call office. Oakland.
DRESSMAKINC3 — Good hand wanted- steady
work. Apply 114 27th st.. nr. Guerrero.
GERMAN or Swedish girl to 'do cx>klng and
general housework. Apply at C34 Capp »t.
WANTED — General servant girl: good~wases.
Apply to-day. 279 Clinton Park.
GIRL for light house— ork In *mall family: n>
children. Address A. CALVIN. Station J.
city.
SKIRT hand; also Improver wanted. 2033
Scott st. _
WANTED-^Larty canvasser for our tonic port.
BROWNSTONE WINE CO.. 225 Taylor st.
GOOD girl for general housework. Inquire 027
Market, r. 720. bet. lo ami 2. on Mond3>'.
LADIES wanted, to use Victoria Protector;
sample 6oc. Western Syndicate. 70« Powell.
WANTED — Girl for ltsrht housework. Bo*
4157. Call office. >;'.-.. ,
BROKERS IN BttAINS.
. » ROOM 1213 CALL BUILDING^
GIRL for general hou««work. Apply SC37
Washington st.
WANTED— Waitress. 19 Seventh st: apply 3
a. m. _
GIRLS, about 15, for factory work: 9*°*
wages; steady employi n*nt: apply at once.
AMES * HARRIS, 100 Sacra_ent» Bt>
__— »~O»JM._.H— WABTTED — Mala— Con.
WOULD like work as porter. JAMES HAR-
RIS. 744 Howard at. |
WANTED— Position m office; can furnish ref-
erences. IOCS Valencia st.
A UNION grocery clerk desires position. Box
3621. Call office. ¦
BOT would like position in wholesale house.
Box 3020. Call.
BOT wants to learn Jewelry trade. Apply at
1326 Eddy st. _*
AN experienced wrapper desires a good posl-
tion. Box 3619. Call. /
EXPERIENCED wrapper wants position. Box
3628. Call office. >
TAILOR wants situation^ 133 Montgomery st.
TAILOR wants situation. 140 Market st.
POSITION wanted as wrapper. Address~lL28
Ellis st.
WANTED— Position as cash boy. 17 Ritch at.
BARTENDER, experienced, steady and rella-
ble. wishes a position; best of references.
Box 4140, Call office.
SHOEMAKER wants position. 1118 Eddy st.
POSITION as hat clerk. Address Box 441C;
Call office.
AN experienced salesman desires position In a
flrst-clasa dry goods house. Box 4309, CaU.
BUSHELMAN wants position. Address 2153
Pino st.
BUTTONHOLE maker wants position. Apply
1903 Fillmore st.
MAN wants to work on coats. 48 Geary
street. *
COMPETENT stationary engineer desires po-
sitlon. Box 4343. Call office.
WANTED— Position to call on retail grocers
and delicacy stores. Box 4281, Call office.
BOT wishes Job in bake shop. Box 4493. Call
office.
ELDERLT man wants position as watchman;
best of references. Box 3057. Call office.
TOUNG man wants work of any kind 5 hours
a day. Box 4323, CaU office.
TOUNG man wants position as porter. 438
Geary st.
SITUATION wanted by a young man IS years
old as press feeder. e35 Vallejo st.
BOT 13 years of age wishes employment after
school and Saturdays. Address D. W., 1208
Oolden Gate ave.
WANTED— A position to run elevator. Address
1604 Mission at.
POSITION wanted— Barkeeper: can give good
reference. Box 44S7, Call office.
A BRIGHT, active boy, 18 years old, wants
employment of any kind. Box 4496. Call.
SITUATION as assistant to stock clerk In
wholesale, house. Box 4288, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER wishes position In mercan-
tlle office. Apply box A B C, CaU office.
A MAN wants job as watchman. Box 4172.
Call office. -
1 GOOD barber wants work. 87 Third st.
— — — — — — — ¦ — — — — — — - — — »
POSITION by young man to drive wagon; ex-
perienced hand. Address box 40S0. Call.
JEWELER wants steady Job; dty or country;
good recommendations. Box 4081, CaU.
TOUNG man wants position to drive delivery
wagon. Box 4094. Call office.
WANTED — Position se watchman; experience,
H. F.. box 4095. Call office.
EXPERIENCED Janitor wishes steady situa-
tion. Inquire 425 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer wishes position.
Box 4096, Call office.
ALL round man wants Job In summer resort.
137 Sixth st.
WANTED — Position as ' salesman. Apply
ROBERT CHRISTIE. SO Post st.
WANTED — Position as first-class cook; city.
Box 4125. CaU office.
STENOGRAPHER with experience wants po-
sition. Box 3781. CalL
WANTED— Situation as shipping clerk In
wholesale house. Box 3782. CalL
TOUNG man wishes position as salesman.
F. E. M.. 707% Webster st.
POSITION as salesman. G. DAVIS. 120 Jones
street. ' v
MAN wants position as salesman. Winchester
Hotel, room 104.
TOUNG electrician wants Job In power-houaa;
experienced. (£5 Ninth st.. Oakland.
FIREMAN wants work in small factory." An-
swer to box 4169, Call office.
WANTED — A position as porter In wholesale-
house. Box 4164, CaU office.
MAN and wife desire positions In family;
wife is good cook. Box 4333, Call office.
BOT to help on delivery wagon. Box 4299,
Call office.
ELDERLT man wants position as general
roundabout man In wholesale house; has had
no experience, but can give reference. Box
4079. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and collector;
beet references; 5 years In last position;
City Trust Company's bond furnished. Box
4461, Call office.
WANTED — Situation as salesman in heavy
hardware or implement house, or any country
mdse. store: best of references. Address box
3O5J», Call office, 1016 Broadway. Oakland.Cal.
WANTED — By a sober, reliable carpenter, po-
sition as watchman or caretaker; wages satis-
factory to employer; bond If wanted. Address
box 4224. Call office.
-POSITION as salesman or manager of a gen-
eral merchandise store; Al references. Box
4211. CaU office.
WANTED — Position as demonstrator; coffee or :
cereal foods; references; Eastern methods.
Box 4243. Call office^
STEADT position wanted- by experienced furni-
ture man in new and second-hand furniture.
Box 120S, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — Position a» salesman in first-class
grocery store; 3 years' experience. Address
box 4243, Call office.
COOK — Middle-aged, experienced In all
branches, rellabl", wants place in Catholic
Institution or family. Box 4234, Call office.
SALESMAN wants a position as city" or travel-
ing salesman at once; 6. years' experience;
best of references. Box 4473, Call offlos.
FURNITURE packer wants work. 147 Blux-
ome st.
STENOGRAPHER — Toung man wishes posi-
tion as stenographer. 217 Eddy st.. room 1.
TOUNG man wants work. B. F. FLANDERS.
j 11 Natoma st. .
I WANTED — Position as fireman. Box 4241,
i Call office. ' -¦¦.;¦ . •
TOUNG married man wants work: good cleri-
cal experience. Address box 4237, CaU.
AN extra waiter for families. Box 4233, Call.
BOOKKEEPER — Toung man wants position.
Box S6-J7. Call office.
POSITION, nurso or housekeeper. Pleasanton
Hotel, 1162 Washington St., Oakland, rm. 22.
WORK wanted by young man with knowledge
of four languages— Italian. French. Spanish.
English — translations; correspondence; type-
wriyng; all such work. Box 4254, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER — Expert bookfe«£per and ac-
countant desires engagement: highest cre-
dentials; intricate accounts, collections and
correspond— :ce a specialty. Box 443S. CaU.
WANTED — Situation in grocery | by a strictly
' nober and reliable man: references. Box 4441!.
Call office. .
STEADT. sober man, age 42, desires position
around gentleman's .place; can assist in'
house; city or country. Box 4001, Call.
YOUNG man wishes something to do before
and after school in exchange for room and
board. Box 1574, IOCS Market st.
BOT 15 years old wants to learn watchmak-
er's trade. Box 4101. Call.
AN experienced assayer wants position. Box
3913. Call office. - ' • ¦ •
JAPNANESE studmt desires three or four
hours or half-day's work of any kind:
speaks English well. GEORGE SUMI, Box
3769. Call office. -, . \ '..
TOUNO Japanese wants position In store, hotel
or drug store; speaks and writes good Eng-
lish. Apply to LOUIS OGATA, Imperial Ho-
tel. 606 Stockton st.
REFINED Japanese wants position as a school-
boy in a family. OKA. 321 Powell st.
JAPANESE, good cook.' with many years' ex-
; perlence, wishes position. U. T., 10 Chelsea pL
riCPr^T—JSWrWA—TEP— Male— Con. ¦
A GOOD shop butcher. 20. speaks English and
German, wants situation In market; city or
country. Box 4161. Coll office. .
CABINET-MAKER, thoroughly cxi*ricnced. |
good workman and good bench hand, wanU I
work. Box 4334. Call office.
TOUNG mas. weU ac— jalnted In citr. owns
horse and light *uon, wishes position to
Ueliver. Box 4467. Call effice.
DANISH man, 26, ssber and hone*t, wants
position to take care of horses or do chores
o:t a private place. Box 4332. Call office.
1WO first -c!*«s ralr.'.ers. r&perhangers and
tinter*: wort; done by day or contract at
Kaetcrn prices. Address 737 Harrison st.
L1KER, rood, sll round bread snd cake
baker, wants steady country Joi> as foreman.
But 4408. Call office^
POSITION as regally salesman for Brocery
trace: city cr vicinity: best references. Ad-
crr»« bf»x 1312. Call office. Oakland.
GENTS' Turnishir-r _r«*!x - a "*5 slr j: s , 1 p^'i 1 ° n
>n OaXl— 3d. Address box 1316. CaJl office.
Oakland.
YOUNG man wishes a sM of taokftt keep
e?enir.g*: references given. Box loOS. Ca.l
office. Oakland. _ J_
WANTED - Position s« Janitor. Box 3678.
Call office. __•
I'OSniON w.r;«3 as porter. Address box
SCS2, Call effice.
STRONG boy would like a position In hard- j
ware Hore. Bex S654, Call office^ j_ j
BOT warts a position as office boy. 6 Shipley |
•trerc. ;_ ¦
riRST-OJ..ASS finisher wants situation. 27^4 j
Fourth «t. j
CITT salesman rr collector: salary er com mis- I
*ion. Adurss* box C077. CaU office. t
nor of 35 viirtp & :,r.h with chance for ad- |
\ancemcnt. Hex 4^.-£6. Ca'.l effice. J
WANTED-A pofciti.-n as *ua.n3ger for co-op«r- j
ation or pxpItaL Box 4Ta**, Call office^ J
WANTED— Position by a man where mind j
ccur.u. Bcx 4CC7, C*!l office.
WANTED— Position as clerk in lumber busl- !
ne— : 4 years experience. Box 4022. CaU. '
TTANTKI) — A rcf-HIon an bartender; 3 years' .-
irprrl'nw. Eon 4U21. Call office. I
TOOJCG min want? position in wholesale j
hru;*e; has references. Box 4CC0. CaU office. ,
WANTED- Posit'en as porter for saloon. Bcx
4009. Call office.
WANTED — A position in hardware and fen- '
e_Bl ir>*Tfhanrii*e slorc; city or country. Bcx
mi9. Call office. j
WANTED— A position as clerk In hardware J
ttore; ciiy cr country. Box 401?. Call office. :
WANTED— To do washing fcy the <Iay by a
rr.an; »1. Box 4017. Call office.
M RCSYIRWAM wishes position. Box SG29,
Call office. |
BOT v.c^'A like place in office. Box 3~j$, Call j
office. . . I
EXPERIENCED clerk wishe? position as sales- J
iran in hardware store. Box SC57, CalL
WANTED — A jv'i'itif"' In wholesale house as
porter. r<X4 Pcwell st. ;
WANTED— A position a* teamrter; best of ref-
erences. Box SC3S, CaU office.
WANTED— Situation as Uilor. Box S639, Call
office. j
BHIflHT. honest boy wants work; age 15. Ad- j
dre?s box "*"4T, Call office.
A POSITION as heal Janitor; best of refer- •
enres. Box 3&t2. Call office. j
BOV want* ration- M. CROWE, Twenty- .
second and tfhctwell (U. !
WANTED — Situation as night watchman. Bcx t
361S, Call offlcr. j
A T5OY wants J^b :n tea store. Address bcx I
3976. Call office. j
BOT T.firts to carry morning paper route. Box ,
."*£4. Call office.
WANTED — Position as window dresser In |
flr>t-clsj>s general store. Box 3623. Call.
A NEAT young msn wants a position In aa j
o.'flie, or as * etock clerk; references. Box :
5026. Call office. j
OFFICo buy wish?* position In wholesale
house. Box 3»527, Call office.
WANTED — A poeltlcn as bartender. E.
WOLF. 35 Second st.
EXPErilEN«:nr> stenographer for law office.
A4dresh box 3994, Call office. j
TOUNG man wishes position In gents' furnish- i
irg soods e'.nrs. Box 3J>»1. Call offioe. .
T<"»l"NO girl wantu general hou**w ork. 34 )
PVeelcn »t., near Fourth and Bryant. ;
WANTED— Work a« rcrter. j jr. HARRIS, j
71"4 Howard et. i
OFFICE w^rk or cnJl-cting; references and '
bind. Box 4OW5, Call office. -j
GERMAN toy wculd like position in bakery; I
experienced. Bex 4003, Call office. (
WANT position in wholesale house: have no i
experience but willing to work. 311 Jessie. {
BOT wants place in rm all stors or butcher {
•fc^p. Applj in pharmacy. 700 Clayton ?t. j
JilDDLE-A'-JED man wants position to run i
freight el^ator; city. Box 5631. CaU. j
WANTED— Po*itlon as clerk; merchandise \
store. Box 3«Q4. rail. i
A ETOCK boy wants a poslticn. Box 4032,
CaU office.
BOV want* to 'earn engineer's trade. Apply
at 157 Tri- ft.
BARTENDER wants a place; saloon or liquor
store; fcert reference*. Bcx 4O30, Call.
PITVATTON as a pr»-sser. 450 Howard eti
BOY wants position as errand boy. Box 5614.
CalJ office.
BOY »anti< a position as a cash bey. Bdx
SGlfi. Call office.
BOT would like a poeltion In a wholesale
house. Box Mm. CaJl.
FOT wants position In office. Box 3906. Call.
WANTED— Situation as hotel porter. Box i
SCCS. Call offic-5. j
PORTER: hotel or rnotning-house; speaks and
writes Spanl-h. T. W. DAT, 600 Bueh st.
BOOKMAKER wants situation. Address 342
Austin ave.
DISHWASHER wants work. Box S997. Call.
TOT_"NG rasa wishes position as hostler; good
reference*. Box 3006. Call.
BOT. 13 years of age. wishes position as office
boy: references. Box 3607. CalL
TOUNG man desires work for 2 hours in even-
ing; wsges no object. Box 3605. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED gentleman desires to care •
for old lady or gentleman. Box 3810. CalL
BOY waote to learn plumbing trade. ¦ Box
«7fl. Call office. * DOX
WANTED— Position as packer In wholesale
house. H. H.. box 3981. Call.
EXPERIENCED wrapper —ants position. Box
2tn3. Call office. -. .-...
TOVNG man wa&ts position as bellboy or
elevator boy. Box 4000. Call.
HEAD w»it*r or steward —ants position In
hotel or restaurant- Box 3eoi. CaU.
BOT waot» p'sre in drugstore. Box 37C8, Call.
BOT wants to ieam Jewelry burtness. Box
8720. Call. -
WANTED— A position as shipping clerk In
wholesale house. Address box 4006. Call.
WASTED — A Job cf any kind; steady: city or
country. Agdr<g» box 4000. Call office.
EOT wishes to 1«irn the watchmaker's trade.
ncx S722. Call.
BOT. 15 years, wishes Job ia plumbing shop.
Address box . 3711. Call.
WANTED — Position as office boy or — •«-
yer.ger : age 13. Box 3717. Call.
WANTED— A V>c»Itlon as clerk In grocery
store; 4 years' experience. Box 3C93. Call.
POFITIIJf as collector; 3 hours per day Ad-
dress box 4012. CaU office.
BOT want* work. 1010 Nato— a st.
A TOUNG man wants work. 1501 Mlsilon
street.
A HOT 14 yean old wUhes a steady job. 8130
Pierce st.
POBER young man wants situation as ware-
house man. Box 4107, Call. -
COOK trants situation. Call 153'vj Third St.,
room 1.
WANTED— Position In fruit store; handy man.
Address CSS Fo'.som rt.
CARPENTER disengaged wants position. ' Ad-
dress bcx 4108. Call office.
A ¦ T7NION grocery clerk ' wants work. Box
402.4, Ci.il office.
EMPLOTM CEBTT WAR ~ XP — Male— Con, j
WANTED— Position ss salesman in dry goods
store. I-iox 40S4. Call office.
> i i
BOY wants a paper route. 334C Bryant st.
WOULD like work as porter. Apply FRANK
HOPKINS, 733 Mission *t. '
WANTED — Position as stationary engineer;
country. 744 Howard st
POSITION wanted as engineer. Address box
4126. Call office.
POSITION wanted as Janitor. Address box
412S, Call office.
POSITION wanted as Jeweler. Address bcx
4128. Call office. _
POSITION wanted as choreman 'around house.
Address box 4128. CaU office^ !
WANTED— Position as tenor with light opera
organization. Address 916 Grove st
EXPERIENCED stamper wants situation. Box
4CSS, Call office. '
WANTED — Position as clerk In dry goods ,
house; excellent references. Box 4091, Call. |
¦ — — — — — ¦ I
SITUATION as stenographer. Box 4089. Call.
AN all-around furniture man wants a situa-
tion In warehouse. Box 3712, Call.
WANTED— Port tton as night watchman.
G. R. X.. 190 Hickory ave.
A GOOD bookkeep;r wants position. Box 4126.
Call office.
GARDENER deelres work laying out lawns,
etc. Address bos 4127, Call offlos.
JOG wanted by an exercise boy on the track.
Box 4129. Call office.
JOB wanted by an accountant In aa office.
Box 4130, Call office.
POSITION wanted as teamster for light de-
"very. Aidre-i* U20 Powell gt. |
ERRAND boy wants good position. 27V4
Fourth Et.
POSITION wanted as coachman. Box S672,
Call office.
TOUNG man wants to learn blackemlthlng.
Address bo» 3671. Call.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants work. MAN-
UEL SABIETSZKI. 1429 Jessie St., city.
POSITION* wanted as oil burner; 5 years' ex-
perience. 744 Howard st.
WANTED — Position as clerk in lumber yard;
city or country. Box 3645. Call.
WANTED — A position as salesman! Box 367&.
CaJl clficc.
WANTED — Position In wholesale house. Box
SCTG. Ca.'l.
POSITION as cash boy. Box 8675. Call.
WANTED — IJght employment of any kind.
Apply ROBT. CHRISTIE, 30 Post St.
A BRIGHT young man (16) desires position In
a mi>lc house; references. Box 3674, CalL
PANAMA hat finisher wishes position. 107
O'Farrell st.
WANTED — A place as office boy. Box 8646,
Call offic-i.
MAN with references wants employment; handy
at anything. T. G. ANDREWa 500 Bush.
DENTIST wants position; city or country.
Box 3710. Call.
WANTED — Work as gardener. A. HOFF-
MAX.V. 13 Third nt.
A TEAMSTER wants steady work. 247 Clara
street. .'
CITT delivery driver wants position. 70 Stan-
ley place,.
AN experienced stenographer and typewriter
wants poeltion in law office. 1S66 Stockton.
GOOD cloak operator wants position. Address
55 Bhotwell st.
RELIEF bartender wishes night work. G. R.
N.. 190 Hickory ave.
AN experienced wrapper wants position. Box
3660. Call.
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer desires a
position. Box 3659. Call.
SCIENTIFIC sccnlo gardener would like Job.
Box 3C52. Call office.
WANTED — Position as bartender. Box 3658,
Call offlo.
BOT wifhea work of any kind. Box 407L Call.
ENGRAVER would like potltlon; city or coun-
try. Box 3797. Call office.
BOT wants a position la an office. Box 8796,
CaU office.
SITUATION wanted by bookkeeper of large ex-
perience. Address box 3795, Call offlce.
JAPANESE artist with good references on
show cards, wishes position. FRANK, phone.
Pine 816.
WANTED — Employment as salesman. Apply
HARRT MULLER. 629 Bush st.
PORTER wants steady work. Winchester
Hotel, room 204.
WANTED — Poeltion as leading man with re-
pertoire company. Address 916 Eddy st
PORTER or man about place. Address 25V&
Ritch st
POSITION as order clerk In wholesale house.
Box 2790. Call office.
POSITION as stock clerk; good references. Box
4139. Call Office.
POSITION as Janitor: can take and satisfac-
torily manage any building. Box 37S7 Call.
_ . |
POSITION wanted as assistant bookkeeper;
best of references. Address box 4140, Call.
WANTED — A position as bartender. J. Mc-
ICACK. 36 FourtijTst
SCIENTIFIC gardener wants Job. Box 4153,
Call office.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. 730 Fol-
som st
WANTED — Clerkship by sober, industrious
man. Address box 4126. Call office.
POSITION as shipping clerk In a wholesale
house; best of references.- Box 8800. Call.
TAILOR wants situation. Address 121 Fell
street.
WANTED — A position as - night watchman;
references. Box 4013. Call office.
WANTED— A position as Janitor in flat Box
3721. Call office.
EXPERIENCED hotel clerk wants position.
with room and board. Address box 3719. Call.
TOUNG man wants position as porter. Ad-
dress box 8718, Call office.
TOUNG man 'wants position as porter ia
wholesale house. Address 1820, Powell st
TOUNG maa wishes situation In atore. 125
Taylor st.
SITUATION as a pres«»r. »4O Mlsslea et
PRESSMAN wants a situation; cylinder press.
2710 Howard st
GARDENER would like a position taking care
lawn: also milking cow. Box 5988. Call.
TOUNG man would Ilk* a ' position keeping
books at night Box 8989, CaU.
A BOY wants Job in' plumber shop. Box
89S2, Call office.
AN experienced elevator boy wants a position.
Box S978. CaJl.
FRENCHMAN want* position as bed maker.
Apply 620 Bush et.
POSITION wanted as a first-olass paperhanger
and painter: private or hotel. 818 Jessie st
YOUNG man wishes position la law offloe.
Box 4O72. Call.
AN experienced stock boy wants a position.
Box 4106. Call.
CARPENTER (non-union), can plan building,
wants work. Box 4092. Call.
WANTED— Position as drug clsrk. Box 4055,
Call office.
WANTED— Position as tailor with good house
Address 1026 Valencia st
OLD barber wants position. Apply 248 Steven,
son st
A 8TOCK clerk with a year's experience wants
a position; references. Box 4097, Call. -
BOOKKEEPER wants position; best of refer-
ence. Box 4110. Call.
WANTED — Position In grocery store. Address
9l*i Verona place.
WANTED — Position as handy maa. Address
237 Seventh st.
YOUNG man dectres position afternoons. Box
4075. CaU. .
CARPENTER would like to make engagement.
Bcx 4077. CaU.
SPANISH boy desires to learn a trade Box
4078. Call. - • i
POSITION as a barber. Address box 4118. ¦
CaU office.
rnOr'I.OYBCElTT WASTTED-^Malej^^Con^
ELEVATOR operator wants employment E.
FAKUO. 15 Third st. -
CHEF wants position. Apply 60 Elllsjt
ELEVATOR boy" w*nts position. 319 Sutter
street. ¦ ¦
GARDENER wants place. Apply 1042 Lom-
bard st. ¦ ._^
BOY wants steady Job. C28 Natoma st.
ERRAND boy wants position. 10 Kearny
street. -
BOY 15 years old wishes a steady Job. 8138
Pierce St.
BURHELMAN wants work In retail clothing
store. 1176 Harrison st ________
BOY 14 years old wants a steady Job, $4 60 to
$5 week. 028 Natoma st
TOUNO man Irishes a Job as wrapper. 8179
Army st.
BOY 14 years old wishes a Job. 787 Howard
St.. room 46.
AS bookkeeper or office work, by young man
of 28. Box 8479. Call office. ;
BARBER wants a place In the country. Ad-
dress 1509 Church st. ,
YOUNG man wants 4 or B hours* work a day.
Address box 8751, Call office. - \
SALESMAN wants position. Apply 2418 Bush
street.
BOY 13 years old wishes position as errand
boy. Phone Sutter. 2816.
JANITOR wants position, city or country. Box
8757, CaU office.
MACHINIST wants position. Apply 161 Te-
hama it.
TOUNG man wishes a Job driving. a wagon.
433 Hayes st. >
WANTED — A position as elevator man. F. O.,
box 3781, Call office. . -,_^
BOT want* a position as errand boy. Box
3736. Call office.
BOT wants position in bicycle store. Box
3735, Call office.
SCHOOLBOY wishes Saturday Job. Box 8787,
Call office.
POSITION wanted as bookkeeper. 448 Fourth
street.
POSITION wanted as a barber. 242 Sixth
street.
BOY wishes position In a wholesale house. Box
37SS. CaU office.
WANTED — Position as steam fitter's helper.
J. DUGAN. 82 Fourth st
MAN wishes Job as bartender. Box 8741,
Call office,
EXPERIENCED electrician and estimate man
wants position. Box 3742. CaU office.
POSITION wanted as teamster. Box 4183,
Call office. t
BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job. 8138
Pierce st.
EXPERIENCED hotel clerk wants position
with board. Address box 3728, Call office.
SALESMAN acquainted with saloon trade d»-
elres a position. O. S.. 455 Minna st
YOUNG maa wants position as shipping clerk
In wholesale house. Box 3731, Call office,
t— .
WANTED — Position as night watchman. Ad-
dress 433 Vt Minna st.
POSITION wanted as bushelman, Address H.
DUSKEN. 730 Folsom. St., city.
DRUG clerk, experienced, wants position. S07A
Thirteenth Et.
CIGAR clerk wants position. Address 19 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED — Position as hat trimmer. Address
1222 Howard st.
BOY wishes work on Saturday. Box 4441.
CaU office.
YOUNG man would like a position In whole-
sale house as bill clerk. Box 4443, Call.
GROCERY clerk wants position; good refer-
ences. Box 4444, CaU office.
YOUNG man wishes position in wholesale
houKe as porter. Box 4472, Call office.
WANTED — "Work as gardener. Apply at 108
Tehama st. C. MARKERT.
WANTED— Place as jorter Cofflos work). In-
qulre 1325 Natoma st
BOOKKEEPER wants situation 2502 Sutter
street
WANTED — Work as bartender. Apply 16
Third st.
YOUNG man wishes position as barber. Ad-
dress 153 H Third st
WANTED — Position as watchmaker. Address
Watchmaker. 303 Call building.
RELIABLE, eober. elderly man wishes position
as night clerk or watchman. Box 4446, Call.
YOUNG man (24) would like position as clerk
or any other work: references. Box 4448,Call.
A POSITION as mining bookkeeper. Box 445L
CaU office.
WANTED — To work In wholesale drug boose
Box 4452, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER wants work evenings and
holidays. Box 4453. Call office.
NEAT boy wants work after school and Satur-
day; has wheel. 118% Oak et
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wishes a position;
beBt of references. Box 4456. Call office. ..
WINE and liquor salesman wants position;
best reference.' Box 4457. Call office.
SHOE salesman wants position. Address 931A
Jackson st.
FIRST-CLASS clothing salesman wants posi-
tion. Box 4458. Call office.
AN experienced plumber would like a position.
Apply 1055 Howard et
BOY wants Job as cash boy for Saturday. 137
Sixth st
WANTED — "Work as bartender. "C "M. ACK-
ERT. 15 Third st
WANTED^ — Situation as driver; used to city.
Address box 4142. Call office.
POSITION as notion drummer for Alameda
County. Address box 4407, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position as a teamster.
Address box 4406., CaU office.
OFFICE boy 15 years of age wants situation.
Address box 4405. Call office.
BARKEEPER wlshee posltldn: first-class; ex-
perienced. Address box 4403, Call offioe.
SCIENTIFIC gardener wants a Job. Box 4151.
CaU office.
BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job. Ad-
dress 813S Pierce st
CASH boy. wants a position. 4M Turk at.
OFFICE boy wants position; best of references.
Address box 4143, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as watchman.
1074 Howard st
TOCNG man. sober and steady, wants position
as elevator boy. Box 4208. Call office.
POSITION as salesman In wholesale house; 15
years In present situation. Box 3691. Call.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wants position by
the week. M. K.. box 3699. Call office, j
SOBER aad reliable young man wants a posi-
tion In grocery and bar. Box 3608. Call.
BOOKKEEPER wants work during evening
hours. Box 3714. Call office. i !". ,¦;
GOOD salesman wants position; Is willing to
w^rk. Box 3775. Call office.
BOY wants' a position as errand ' boy. Box
8799. Call office, f .„
MAN wants tailoring to do. 2938 Sixteenth
street. \
ELEVATOR boy wishes position; references.
Address box 4402. Call office.
ELEVATOR boy wishes position. 1814 Mc-
Allister et .
BLACKSMITH wishes situation. Address 124
Fell . st. .
YOUNG man wants position In wholesale
house. Box 4149. CaU office.
WANTED — Job I on ranch as cook. Box . 4155.
Call office. ;
WANTED — A position ' in a wholesale house?
Box 4147. CaU office. '
PANTEMAKER wishes situation. Address 700
Stelner St.
WANTED — Position as assistant • bookkeeper.
Address 2111 Geary st
EMPtOYarEHT WA1TTEP — Male — Con.
SHOEMAKER wants situation. 103 Hyde
street. ; -
WANTED— Situation as porter. 935 Howard
street. ¦ ¦ . •
SITUATION as a tailor. 1904 Mission st
AN experienced office man. steady and relia-
ble, wants situation. Box 3744, Call office.
SITUATION wantefl as teamster. Box 3774,
CaU office. [ .
BOY. 15 years old, wishes a Job as a wrapper.
3136 Pierce st
CLERICAL work, also collecting, by a young
man; experienced. Box 3747, Call office. /
WANTED— Situation as night watchman. Box
3748. Call office. ¦
A BOY would like a position in wholesale
house; best references given. Box 3750. Call.
-BY young man 29. office work, any kind.
Box 3763. Call office. ' ' :
SITUATION wanted to carry a paper route.
242 Natoma st.
WANTED — Position as bartender for Sunday.
TOM FLYNN, 38 Fourth at. .
POSITION wanted as collector; references.-
443 Clementina st.
GOOD barber seeks good position. 89 Third st.
WANTED — Position as stenographer and type-
wrlter. Address 2119 Geary.
WANTED — Position as office messenger or
cash boy; age 13. Box 4307, Call. .
POSITION wanted as a salesman. 443 Clem-
entlna st
A YOUNG man would like a position as salee-
man. Box 4116. Call office. I
COOK wishes a situation. 1525 Powell st
STRONG boy wants position of any kind.
Apply 1312 Howard st.
POSITION as hat blocker. 1OT CFarr ell st
A SITUATION wanted aa porter. Address 410.
Buchanan st
BRIGHT boy of 14 wants position. Box 66,
Call office.
CARPENTER wants work by the day or Job.
Call at 51S Larkin st.
SITUATION wanted by young man in whole-
sale drughouse. Box S053, Call.
AERIAL artist wants position. 801 Turk st.
WANTED— Job as gardener. Apply ISO Jessie
street
WANTED — A Job as porter In saloon; old man.
Apply 249 Stevenson st.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 4214,
Call office.
SITUATION as bartender. JOHN SCHMIDT,
335 Kearny st.
POSITION as stock clerk In wholesale cloth-
ing house; best of references. Box 4225. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation as bookkeeper In
wholesale leather house. Box 4217, Call.
YOUNG man wants position In wholesale
house. Box 4302, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes poeltion as assistant
bookkeeper. Box 4304. CaU office.
POSITION in stock broker's office; 8 years'
, experience; references. Address box 4303,
Call office.
BOY wants to learn plumbing trade. Address
box 4305. CaU office.
YOUNO man wants position la country on
farm. Box 4216. CaU office.
FIRST-CLASS dry goods salesman and win-
dow dresser wishes position. Box 4315, Call.
GROCERY clerk seeks steady position. 459
Minna st.
POSITION as barber. 818 Eanches st
WANTED — A Job as waiter In hotel. Address
box 4311, Call office.
BAKER desires position. 1 Morris ava.
BOY wants to learn the Jewelry trade. Ad-
dress Box 4220, Call office,
GOOD furnishing goods salesman wishes po-
sition. Box- 4227, Call office.
EXPERIENCED cigar and liquor drummer
wants position. Box 4205, Call office.
WANTED — A situation as bartender. Box 4204,
CaU office.
POSITION: city salesman; grocery line; best
references; long experience. Box 4206, CaU.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wants a Job as porter.
HENRY SMITH. 836 Howard st
A POSITION as salesman er collector; besi^f
city references. Box 4208, Call of floe.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position.
Address box 4209, CaU offioe.
A BOY. 16. wants position in a wholesale
house. Box 4210, Call office.
POSITION wanted as gardener,, Box 4212, Call
office.
DENTIST would like to hear of a good open-
ln=. Box 4257. Call office,
A GOOD marble-cutter, able to cut granite
and sandstone, wants employment Box 4314,
CaU office. -
MECHANICAL draughtsman wishes work to
do at home. 2027 Taylor et
AN experienced millinery salesman would like
to obtain a steady position. Box 4267. CalL
PIANO player wants work. Address W. RY-
MAN. 1023 Clay st. .
WANTED — Position as accountant and book-
keeper. Box 4249. CaU office.
WANTED — Position as fireman, crude oil or
coal; 5 years' experience. Box 4247. Call.
WANTED — A position as barkeeper. Address
box 4420. CaU office.
BOY 12 years old wants to learn trade. Box
4482. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants position as school boy.
TORCHIRO HIHI, 416 Post St.
BOY about 15 years would like position in of-
fice. Address G. S.. 877 Fourteenth st.
BARBER wants work In downtown shop. Ad-
dress 102 Ellis st.
WANTED — Position in office ; reference. E. C.
ADAMS, 622 Polk st
MARINE fireman wishes situation. 213 Dor-
land st
POSITION as night clerk In country hotel.
H. A. K.. Winchester Hotel. S. F.
YOUNG man would like position as porter. Ad-
dress box 4464, CaU office. /
WANTED — Position as salesman in wholesale !
drug house. Address box 3762, Call office. j
SOBER, reliable man, 29. wants work with
carpenter. $2 per day. Address box 3763. Call.
POSITION to driv» grocery wagon; experienced.
F. ROBERTSON, 241 Turk st.
PLACE wanted as night watchman. Inquire
A, J.. 237 Twelfth st.
YOXTSG man wants position of any kind ex-
cept canvassing. Box 4330, Call office.
AN experienced furnishing goods man wants
position; wholesale. Box 4219. Call office.
STRONG boy. 15 years old. wishes Job in ma-
chine shop. M. R... 105 Rues st.
POSITION as elevator boy; best Pf refer-
I ences. Box 1192, Call office.
YOUNG, man wants work on a farm; good
all-round ranch hand. Box 4476. Call.
BOY wants a position; best of references.
.Box 3776. Cull office. _ -
YOUNG man; experienced ia lumber line; of-
fice desired. Box 8778. Call.
GARDENER . wants to go out Jobbing. 14S
Fulton st. - . .-
PRESSMAN wants steady position. , Address
827 H Harrison st ..
MAN wants position in hardware store or
lumber yard; city or country. Box 8784, Call.
MAX wants work by the "day. 1030 Bryant
street
ACCOUNTANT desires employment with cor-
poration; part time only; highest references."
Box 3779. Call office.
. -WANTED— Work as a porter. Apply at 733
Harrison st. • :..'. .
BOY, 16 years . old, wants a position la a
clothing store. , Box 3780. Call office. .
A POSITION wanted by young man as 'clerk
In store or office: . can' do typewriting; " col-
lecting. Box 4313, Call office. VTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14* 190*.
45
HEU> WAHTEP--MAXS.
OPEN TO-DAY.
SUNDAY, 8 TO 12 A. M.
A.— MURRAY & READY. (534-638 Clay st
Phone .Main 6848. '
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We apeak the 'German, French, Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danlch languages.
! 1&03 We Gav« 1004 We Hop* to
eO.000 Men Work. Increase 80,000.
He haa arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of the United States
Government work being done close
r to Wadftworth, in State of Nevada.
Cost only $1 office fee. See boss.
Muckers, $75. Bee bo?s.
Teamsters. $75. See boss.
Laborers. $75. See boss.
JJrHlers, $1*0. See boss.
Concrete mixers. $75. See boss. :
FOR LUMBER SYNDICATES,
MILLS, WOODS AND FACTORIES.
45 laborers for mills and yards. $60.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
€3 laborers for woods and camps, $60.
YOU'LL SUIT; TAKE IT.
155 laborers to build extension of R. R. for
this lumber company in woods, $00.
ANY LABORER WILL DO.
€5 men. do anything, box factories, $60.
STEADY JOB YEAR ROUND.
45 boys, different easy Jobs, mills. $30 found.
CALL EARLY— GO MAKE MONEY.
12 four-horse teamster?. $75.
ARE TOU A DRIVER?
12 wheeler drivers, steady work. $75.
PREPARING L. R. R.
C5 laborers to repair R. R. in woods. $(J7 50.
MECHANICAL.
4 bench hands, planing mill, $3 50 day.
12 coolers, 10c barrel.
Head lineman, woods. $75.
3 spooltenders and other mill and woods help.
0 good iron molders. steady, good Jobs.
TINSMITH, $3 50.
12 carpenters, different city and country Jobs,
$3 to $4 day.
& painters, house work, city Job, $3 day.
HODCARRIER, *3 50.
Tool sharpener, oil wells bofs here, $2 50.
6 blacksmiths, different Jobe. $3, ?2 60 day.
MURRAY & READY, «J34-CJti Clay st.
A^ GOLD MINES.
18 machine mint is. $90 and $S2 50.
3 furnace men for mines. $40 and found.
YOUNG MEN LEARN MINING.
12 young men to work about mine*. $30 fd.
FARMS— STABLES.
1C men for farms. $30, *.13. 545 foun-1.
5 stablemen, city and country. S ;: 0 to *M> fd.
Milkers, choreboys aad men, othr help,
liudder, nureerv. fare $1, -11 50 day tound.
OIL FIELDS.
i 12 laborers, experience not wanted. $C7 50.
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS
' 18 t»amsters. different city and count ry jobs,
$C0.
15 laborers, different city and country Jobs,
! $<*>•
12 plow teairsters. construction work, $07 50.
MONTEREY BY THE SEA.
15 laborers, can you handle a 5l»<»el.' $C7 50.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
35 laborers, special R. R. car to-day, $67 50.
VARIOUS POSITION?.
Boy. carpet, city warehouse. ?»i week.
2 boys, learn UDholstering trade. $*> \ve»k.
German boy, learn sausage making, $15 fd.
2 exDeritnced men. bottling works. $60.
MURRAY &. READY,
031-636 Clay st.
! A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
13 hotel and B. H. cocks, $3R. $40. JSO. SCO.
4 cooks for ranches. $20. 730. $35 found.'
3 cooks, haypress camps. $2.">. $3<». $35 found.
DISHWASHERS PORTERS. BELL AND
ELEVATOR BOYS.
12 waiters, different city ami country Jobs,
$30, $40.
Cattle man, stock man, $30 found.
LAUNDRY. \
lroner, country laundry, $15 week.
2 starch trsners. country. $12 week.
j ARE YOU MARRIED?
4 other men and wives. $40. $50. to $R0.
MURRAY & READY. MS34.C3C Clay st.
i A— GO TO
: Los Angeles San Bernardino,
[Highland. Pomrvna, Rtdlands,
Riverside Districts.
Center of the great orange and lemon belt.
where the sun shln-s year round; any
man ccn work every day.
Teamsters wanted, you'll suit, $60.
| FARE ONLY $4 G(>. BY SANTA FE R. R.
I MURRAY & READY. C34-C3S Clay *t.
A— IT'S NEW. IT'S NEW. IT'S NEW.
WORK.
155 Italian laborers. $00.
ir.5 Austrian laborer?. *Ol.
! MURRAY & READY,' 634-C38. Clay st.
I A— CARPENTERS.
16 carpenters, city Job, »4 day.
Gang edgerman. SW to- S9fl found.
Gj woodchoppers. different Jobs, $1 75 cord.
3 IRON MOLDERS.
2 bniEhmakers. M ta $1 20 per M.
GOLD MINE, BOSS HERE.
4 machine miners. 5P2 50.
FnRKMAN BITUMEN WORK.
Bench hand, planlng-mill. fare $1. $3 50 day.
i House ' man. t>rh r ate Job, ?20 Tound.
j Trimmer man, lumber co., $4f> to $50 found.
Man to run skin and hide wagon, city, $»W».
Bar ltoy. help housekeeper, fare 21>c. $2h fd.
MURRAY &. READY, C34-C36 Clay st.
_
lrt LABORERS, special Job t<»-day. $67 50.
Jack fer^wer for woods, ?4rt found.
GANG EDGERMAN. $100.
lrt laborers, big mine co.. you'll do, $82 50.
Teamster. Fpeclal Job. city. $W>.
TWO BELLBOYS. S15 FOUND
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 636 Clay et.
j LOOK.
i fnrtk and wife, 25 men at mine, bots here,
$.-.0 fd.
LOOK.
Baker, bench work, fare 51 20. *17 week.
3 Cook hay press»r*. *3O and $35 fd.
LOOK.
: Blacksmith, Mcdoc County, fare paid. $3
I <lay.
Tool sharpener, mine, Nevada State. $3 day.
Trimmer, lumber co.. far* $1 BO. $40 fd.
j On-.ent finisher, fare >1 20.
; Blacksmith, camp. *1 T.O day found.
Boy, work city store. ?7 w»eV.
Msn drive butcher warca. fare $1. $25 fd.
MURRAY & READY. ffW>636 Clay »t.
WANTED — Feeder on platen printing-press.
.'.20 Market st
| WANTFD — First-rises cook at Bohemian Cafe.
j Box 4269. Call office.
I WANTED — A manager ' for Bohemian Cafe.
I P.ox 42CO. Call office.
! DRUG clerk (licentiate): salary $100 per
i month. Box 4325. Call office.
i INTELLIGENT man over 21 for traveling oo-
i siticn of responsibility. Box 42j!>. Call office.
WANTED — Barber to buy &<w1 4-eha!r shop."
G. A. Troet Barber Supply Co.. 308 Mason.
i JAPANESE porters wanted at Bohemian Cafe
Til Market st
[ WANTED — Young man to le«rn barber trade;
I wages paid while learning. 741 A Howard.
i _______ — — — _ — _ __
I WANTED — A good machinist; state sge. ex-
' perlence and references. Box 44S8, Call.
WANTFD— A cabinet stock-cutter at 835 Fo!.'
torn ¦*•_ : /
WANTED — Good outside salesman. Apply at
47 Geary st room 8.
i WANTED — Drug clerk. Apply 315 Kearny tt.
1 GOOD solicitors wanted. Collection Agency,
C2 Columbia building. .
WANTED — Boy about 10 nr office boy. Ad-
fln*» Bex 4340. Call office. ¦
STRONG boy wanted. Apply No. 512 Larkln st
WAGON blacksmith. 761 Brannan st
FOR rent— Room suitable for barber shop at
Third and Minna. Inquire of Butcher.
STEADY waiter fcr bakery and coffee-house.
CI2 Kearny st *
PLUMBER' 8 nelper wanted. Apply 014 Har-
risou at. V.: '-•".¦*/. |
BRICKLAYERS wanted to point terra cotta.
Fairmont Hotel. •
BARBER wanted at once. ,605 Fourteenth st,
Oakland.
WANTED — Strong, healthy man to do Indoor
work: lint the bell. 233 Powell st.
BARBER ehr.p for sale, with or without living-
rooms. 1SS5 Mirslon st.
WANTED— Honest, wtpectable boy of 1C. Call
before 10 a. m.. Schmitz, 16 McAllister st.
BROKERS IN BRAINS.
ROOM 1213. CALL BUILDING.
EXPERIENCED cigar drummer for local fac-
tory; ref.; state wages. Box 4335, Call office.
FinST-CLASS foreman & shaper hand In plan-
ing mill. Call Monday. 1032 ColJcn G. ave.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15.000
appointments last year; chances even better
-now; examinations soon in San Francisco;
circular J-l giving list of positions, salaries,
examinations, sample questions, etc., *ent
free. National Correspondence Institute, Pa-
cific Coast Office, 927 Market st, S. F.
WANTED — A thoroughly reliable young man
mm clerk and solicitor: some clerical work:
salary $12 per week; must have references
and bonds. Box 4150, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
AWrtr between 0 and, 11 a. ra. at HALE
BROS.' - -'
W"ANTED— Young • man who is a thoroughly
experienced <Jry-good» bundle wrapper. Ap-
ply £**» 8 *Bd 11 a. m. at HALL" BROS'.
KEEP WAHTED—MAIE— ContlnneA.
BLACKSMITH'S helper, *1 25 day and found;
head logger, $50 and board; screw turners
for mill. $50 and $60 and board: laborer for
mill and woods. $40 and board; stableman,
private stable, $30 and found; man about,
place, $35 and found; young man for laundry, ,
$S week; Old choreman, $12 and found; !
milker, $30 and board; farmer, $30 and
board; laborers. $2 25 day and others. J. F.
CROSETT .fCO., 628 Sacramento at. ¦
HOTEL cook. $00 and found; cook, miners'
boarrilng-heuae, $45 and found; waiters. *30;
oyster man and siiort-order cook, $10 week;
bellboy $15 and found and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., »28 Sacramento st
(OPEN SUNDAY. 10 TO 12.)
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. 85 Third st.
Stableman, city. $35 and found.
Ten:iiBt.T4i fare 10c, $2 25.
Woodchoppcrs, $2 cord; lone Job; stove wood,
14 and Hi inches; good ground.
Fruit-peelers, Sonoma County; big wages.
» B»nch hands, cabinet-makers, $3 50.
Tea salesman; no experience: big money. .
Laborers for Monterey County, 52 25.
Pipe line, south, laborers. $2 25.
ANDRE'S 317 Stockton St. — Cook for hotel.
$75; night cook. $10 a week; potwasher, $30;
dishwasher, $7 a week; vegetable man, *25;
waiter, restaurant, $10 50 a week; waiter, !
small place, $30; porter for hotel, $30; man
• to make himself useful. Institution, 520; bell
boy, family hotel, $1'>; oystertnan. $50;
helper around bakery. $7 a week, etc.
WANTED. — A man who can make himself gen- j
eraliy useful about a saloon; one who is a ,
jrood talker, as there Is plenty of talk to do:
state aee, nationality, what you worked at
btfort; wages $30 mo. Address box 4286, Call.
WANTED — A middle-aged man of good char- '
acter to Interest hlmBelf with advertiser in
business in city; will be required to take
charge of office and Inve6t about $300. Ad-
drtss box 41(5. Call office. ¦
' BOYS wanted to sell the official KnlKlU Tem-
I plar PcetfT. Apply room l!i, '.'d floor.' 207
j Battery st., after 2 p. m., Monday. Aug. 15.
I WANTED — Ten laborers for Monday momlnjr;
work close In; long Job. Independent Em-
ployment Agency. CIS Merchant st.
WANTED— Saloon porter who can assist be-
hind bar, of neat appearance and strictly
sober and willins to work for $8 per week.
Adiirtss, giving ace and previous employ-
ment, box 4297. C^ll^oftice^
! WANTED Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. Schr.ol of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. AddrsNS 4'JT3-5
Eaiton ave.. St. Louis. Mo.
W\NTFl> — Educated gentleman who h:,a Rood
: Unowledue of »ncyclop*d!a work; salary $1000
! per yenr with additional bonus: flrut-class
r»f?rt-nc<*s required. Box 3020. Call office.
WANTKD — Men and women to prepare for
" Governnvnt positions. Apply for free cata-
; lngue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
I ence Institute. Grant bids., 1005 Market fit.
I WANTKD — Laborers and ni;cha.niCK ta know
I that Ed Rolkln. Reno House i<rcprtetor, has
«rtil«»il 1C0 new rooms to the Denver Horse,
217 Third st: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
Contractors and employers a' labor throughout
th« State to communicate with Ind»p:ndeni
Employment Agency. ti!2 Merchant st.. S. F.
' TRY our mm's shoes, union nifido, at $1 antf
I $1 50 pair: foot-form choe6 at $2 r,0; we pay
expreya or mall charges. 11 Cd st.Exam. b!J.
SAILORS and> vounc men ¦ »gr?en hands) for
j ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jacksjn st.
I FKNSION Atty., E.A.Bullls. r.40. Phelan bids.
Past Com. Gfo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. It
; SAILORS and ordinary waraw for all parts of
I the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart »t.
| WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third ot;. near Mar-
; jtet — 7C0 room*: 35c night; reading-roooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subecrlpt'ons ricMved at
Call Branch office, cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of Th* Call for the reception
of advertisements and ."uh»criptlcns has baen
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Opm Until 11 n. m.
ALL sizes men's shoe*, slightly damaged, half .
price. IUH Million M.. b»t. 1st and 2d sts.
1 GET your shtx>s half-soled while waiting; 25c .
to 50c. 563 Misulon st. bet. let and 2d sts.
SALESMEN.
SALESMEN— Ju5t published. Rand, McNally
& Co. 'a Political Atlas; will sell in every
rlty, town and village In the U. S. : last
Presidential campaign our agents made b'g
money felling a similar work; the new atla*
Is bitter, the rale will be larger; this oppor-
tunity comes only once In four years: don't
miss it. Write at' once for dtscrfptlve - cir-
cular" nnd trrros to agent* RAND Me-
NALLY & CO., Chicago, III.
WANTED— 5J en _whjcu are. jwt supcessfully «>n-
gagrd In representing wholesale tailoring
flrnif ; the very best wholesale tailoring house
In th* United States will give »uch men an
opportunity to make more money; the very
best- sample equipment, such as woilens. on
conElRnment,8to-atches. unlimited advertising
matter, etc. will be furnished; branch stores
will be opened without requiring Inveftm'-nt:
Hure income assured to right parties:, eo^d
salesmen will find this their opportunity.
Address A. K. NICKOL, lock tox 529 Chi-
cago. 111. ....
EXPERIENCED salesmen on commission to
travel all Western States for largest comfort
and batt factory In South: mention terri-
tory. R. S. DE WITT. Supt.. S Wilson
building. Birmingham, Ala.
SALESMEN calling uron hardware, _-oy and
grocery trades to sell my patent Cflris;r.i:is
tree holdrr; new; 10 per cent com.; sight
fH1er: doz. »4; state rUhts to sell. R. A.
RIEK, Fond-dU-Lac. Wls.
TRAVELING salesman— By larje wholesale
house; to sell general t storesi in California:
. position Dermanent, P.' A. WATSON, Sales
Manager, r>C Fifth av»., Chicago.
TRAVELING salesmen— One man each S'a.te:
no experience; permanent: good pay; liberal
expenses. E. M. Arthur Co., Detroit. Mich.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
WANTED — An experienced uoljcltor for a
leading business college; references ex-
changed. Address D. O. WRIGHT, room
40ti, Call building, San Francisco.'
WANTED — Gentlemen and ladies for a high-
class proposition: liberal commission: expe-
rience not nec»iwary: Monday bet. 0 and 12.
Hoom .lib ri'.ulto building. '
TWO good solicitors with references can make
good salary. 1114 Washington St., Oakland,
room 3. 0 to 12, 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED — Good newspaper solicitor. Arnly
416 Tt nth st, Oaklaad. Cal.. Enquirer oftlce.
C.'TY or county; good. prop, for live hustlers;
' perm. 400 Grant bids., 7th and Market.
SOLICITORS wanted for tra and coffee. S367
Twenty-sixth st, near Mission.
WANTED — Solicitors. Enquirer office Oak-
land. - ;¦¦ -.- .
HORSES AKP^ WAQONS.
FOR SALE?- Young matched team, Found and
gentle; rUe an<1 drive: new double harness
and saddle and fine light 3-seated covered
wagon. Apply 212 Ninth et.
AUCTION aale every Tuesday; horses, wagons
surreys, buggies, carts 'and harness; at 1140
Folfom «t ' ' ' '^
: FOR iale— One span • driving horses; weight
2080 lb*.: well mated. Apply W. G. DAVI-
I SON. 10C6 Seventh St.. Oakland.
I FINE rivor bottom pasturage; zreen feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, 8.F.
TWO hordes, working, medium size, for safe
i cheap. Apply at 4252 24th it, corner Doug-
I las.
FINE driver, rifles, $45; 2 horses. $15 each:
new cushion tire buggy; light wagon/ 2728
Bryant *t.
FOR SALE— Toung stallion, well bred, gentle.
1S7G Fifteenth st.
FOR sale— A light wagon. In pood condition.
Inquire at 84C Howard st. after 5 p. m.
A SORREL mare for sale. 820 Howard st.
3 BUSINESS buggies for sale at a bargain.
| 37(17 Twenty-fourth st.
j BAILEY buggy, pneumatic tire; nearly new;
| new harness. Box 4413. Call office.
FOR sale-i— A nice black horse, 7 years' old 1200
pounds: ride or drive. 4450 Eighteenth st
FOR sale — One fine second-hand Caffrey sldo-
bar buggy, cheap, at 318 McAllister st
BARN wanted: 7 stalls and room for 3
wagons. Apply 3 Eddy st.. room 6.
NEW surrey, rubber tires, .turnunder: at
KENNEY Mfg.. Co.. 631 Valencia st. .
WANTED — A good sound delivery horse. Box
' 33C0. Call office.
WANTED— Buggy in good condition for use
..In country. , Box „ 3450. CalL „
2 NICE driving horses;*3 rriedlumslzed and
3 large work horces. 875 Folaom st.
FOR sale— Buggy horso; very stylish," large and
fast. Box 303,. Berkeley. 1. ( .
BLACK" mare: 6 yearn old: drives j single or
.double; standard. 810 Oakland ave. ¦
LIGHT wagon for sale; $12.. Apply 120. Sec-
ond - ave.
HORSES AIHP WAQ0KS-— Conttaned.
TOP and-' open buggies, new and second-hand,
cheap. 523 Fulton st.
FINK Brewster extension front brougham;
rubber tires and brake; cheap. 651 Howard.
FOR sale — One cushion-tire buggy, one new
butcher cart, at ROBERTS,' 1615 Market st.
FOR sale — Good rubber-tire buggy, cheap, at
3104 Twenty-fourth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 16th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO X.ET.
A LIST OF CHOICE COTTAGES AND
HOUSES.
$l(j.00 — 31G Fern ave.. off Gouffh, nr. Bush —
Sunny cottage; 5 rooms and b.
$22.50 — 1433 Pine at, nr. Polk — Sunny house;
C r. and b. ; will be put In first-class
condition.
$10.00—1601 Golden Gate ave.. SW. cor. Scott
Modem sunny house of 10 rooms and b. ;
In good condition.
$ to. 00— 307 Scott, nr. Page — Sunny, well-ar-
ranced house; 8 rooms and b.
$15.00— 1»19 Ellis, nr. Scott — House 8 rooms
nnd b. ; has just been remodeled; large
yard.
$46.00 — lfclG Baker, nr. Sacramento — 10 rooms
and b.; will be put In order to suit ten-
ant.
$47.50 — 1012 Washington, near Gough — Houm
0 r.* and b. ; very desirable; good yard.
$t>O.OC — 1913 Pacific ave.. nr. Gough— Modern,
sunny houce; 8 rooms and b. ; fine ma-
rine view; unsurpassed location.
$S5.CC — 7.10 Sutter, nr. Jones — 10 r. and b.:
centrally located: suitable for rooming
or business purpose.
$S5.C0— 2423 Green, nr. Scott— Beautiful resi-
dence; 8 rooms and b. ; fine marine View.'
$100.00 — 10U5 Pacific ave., nr. Octavia — Large
modern house; 1- rooms and b.; will be
put In first-class condition.
$10O.CO— S14 Sutter. nr. Jones — 2 uppsr floors;
9 rooms and b. ; euitablo for doctor's of-
fices.
$125.00 — 2lCft Pacific ave., nr. L&guna — Large
modern house; 12 rooms and 2 baths;
electric lights; every convenience.
$100.00—1820 Pacific, SE. cor. Gough — Modern
sunny hGuse; 10 r. and b. ; billiard room
and furnace; will be put In first-class
condition.
$125. OC — 1112 Bush st, nr. Taylor — Large sunny
house; 10 r. and b. ; suitable for board-
Ing cr rooming purposes; large grounds;
key a.% office.
$125.00 — 1C25 Pine. nr. Jones — Large house; 10
r. and b.; fine location; can be enlarged.
$125.00— 1ULM) Franklin, nr. Clay— Beautiful res,
idetlce; 12 r.. 3 baths; fine location; per-
mit frcm office.
JJHO.CC— 2117 Pacific ave., nr.Buclianan — Hand-
some modern residence: 14 rooms and 3
'baths.
We have a large number of elegantly fur-
n'fchc-d hourcs and flats, which we will submit
on application.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
L'19-21'0 MONTGOMERY ST.
A— PRINTED list of houses to letjfend fnr cir-
cular. G.H.UM15SEN &. CO.. 20 Montgomery.
ELLIS. 14.">S. mar Buchanan — Hou«e of fi
rooms and bath; rent $27 50. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO. 513 California st.
NINETEENTH; 3852-3972— Cotta«e with yard;
aUo flat of bix sunny rooms and bath each;
modern.
I JONES, 1S07 — Sunny house, 8 rooms: bath;
marine view; garden; rent reasonable to
right parties.
Sl'TTER, 2715 — Unfurnished, 5 rooms and
bath; very convenient ftn<! desirable: * $18 to
$25 per month: no children under 12 yearo.
' BUSH. 20"8, near Webster— Stylish sunny resi-
dence, 0 rooms nnd servant's room in basem't
SAN JOSE ave.. 2iV4. above Valencia, near
21th — House- of 11 roems anil Ijath.
SACRA MENT&, 3010— Modern residence: 0
:' rooms; nice yard; heater; rent reasonable,
,? 0 -?^?-?' 0 L8T~jfTTBWISHl!D.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE. "NOB HILL."
FURNISHED.
To let for one yfflr; owner to room an«l bo*rd
with family. Apply at 810 California St., or
room 21, 4'J5 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED house wanted; hou?e of « to 9
rooms, well furnished and centrally located,
• bj- a small family; will r?nt for l'MJK period.
Address, statin? best cash term?, etc.. box
40G5, Cat! office.
HOUSE of S rooms and bath, completely fur-
nished: Bu?h st, near Mason. For particu-
lars apply to GUY T. WAYMAN, 120 Mont-
gomery st.
I HAVE a wpl!-furnl»hed house of 14 rooms
at a reasonable rrlce. Box 4292, Call.
scousss rTTBirisasp— rpB sAjfjii.
FINELY furniciT-d cottar?. 3 rooms; $75; cost
$2iJ0; rent *tU; near Mission and Thirtieth
I sts. Uox 42«1. Oil office. -
: A HOUSK cf Hi rooms; nicely furn.; r'nt $80;
water (r«e;lear«; no agent. - 407 ¦ O'Farrell.
BEST 12-rnom house In the city for sale
..cheap; no a^erus. Phone Pace 171."!.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— To purchase a 5 or tt room house,
.with bath; give lowest price. Box 3773, Call.
WANTED — A houre or cottage to rent. Box
3750. Call office.
_ _ ' INVESTMENTS.
STOCK now on sale for the erection of the
Pythian Castle on Golden Gate ave. I can
show a 10 i>er cent dividend buyer. Par
value of stock. $1 In blocks of 5 shares and
up. A. D. RENFRO. 213 Crossley building.
j ravALrp^CHAras.
I fcCl.D, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
I Eame* trlcyxle chair. '.'01S Mkt.: tel. Park 775.
I ¦¦•"
LOST AMD rOPKP.
LOST — Wire opal rtngr. Kills and Duchanan,
•O'Farrell and Devisadero. 1408 Ellis; re-
ward.
LOST — Aug. 13, Chihuahua gray and brown
puppy dos: ?5 reward; no questions, lilts.
BERRY, 027 Hal3ht fit, Ur.s>tairs.
| LEFT In Market-»t car last Sunday, small
box containing ore samples and badge; re-
ward. Bnx 1313, Call office, Oakland.
LOST— Cocker spaniel; spotted facs: collar No.
40. STUPAR1CH. bth and Brannan; reward
. GOLD_hraQCh with 4 pearls. Return to 252S
I- Hryantr\st. ; reward offered. •- -
LObT — White ;>olnter. naiu d Kex; reward.
345 Kearny st. . . . . ,
LOST— Milk route book; finder please return.
G. W. Haydm Co., 15C2 Turk at Reward.
LOST— Small female pug; return to 3374 Six-
teenth *t. Reward. -
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions rtoral work at
I one-third the rei?ular prices; under contract
! and must s 11:2 stores, 311 Sutter end 1204
Sutter. SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
LOST — Small cold watch with tnltials
"A.C.W.," long sliver chain and bronze cross,
roming from tennis courts to Masonic ave. ;
rtward $10. Upturn to 1321 Masonic ave.
REWARD for return of small female fox ter-
rier; white with brown markings on head
and ears; lost late Thursday night Return
. to 028 Kills St., cor. Franklin, apartment .7.
FOUND— On Market St., between Third and
: Fifth, lady's purse containing small amount
; of* co'n. Owner can have same by proving
j property and paying for ad. Cashier S.F.Call.
; $7 oO REWARD; , lost. Patriarch . Militant
• watch charm. Leave at office Grand Hotel.
FOUND — Small water spaniel: red' curly hair,
with license. Apply IS Flrgt st.
EATJNCHEB POB HIBE.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st; for pleasure aud business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf: boat-
Ihk X- excursions. 5 Steuart »t. ;iel. John 2USC
MATBIMOiyiAi;.
A YOUNG man. 33 years old. highly educated,
. holding a good position. . has an independent
income, would like to meet young lady; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 33C2, Call office.
A GENTLEMAN of good family, .wall connect-
ed. 43 ycais old. In wholesale business In
city, would like to meet lady of means; ob-
.* Ject matrimony. Box 3.TW, Call offlct.
YOUNG lady. 25. school teacher, dark hair,
gray eyeo, would like to correspond with
young gentleman of temperate habits; object
matrimony. Box 33G7, Call office.
AN accomplished . young lady, fine appearance,
wishes to make acquaintance of a stylish
young man; object matrimony. Box 348.1,
Call office. • .
GENTLEMAN (Protestant) deslren to meet "re-,
i spegtable lady. with some mean?: object mat-
i rimony. .. Address box 3440. Call oiflce.
A PROFESSIONAL man of 28 years would
like to correspond with a young, attractive
lady; object matrimony. Box 3497,* Call. 1
YOUNG man wlshen to make the acquaintance
of youns lady; object matrimony. Uox 3001,
Call office.
KATTBEHSS3 AVTD CTLI.OWS. I
TO order;renovated. disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet eleantng. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard »t; phone Sooth 21tf.
•' . atxmcAii. '
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
ere painless anU reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND Al»-
V1CE FREK; 17 years' experience tn all I*- .
male disorders; call or write. DH. WU1TK, '"
"02 Market St.. rooms 7 and S.
LADIES — If you ara In trouble, confide In me.
Relief tor irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to !
these condition*. I'm the only GHADUaTK
i.hys'.elan here who can say this. Call or
Hrttp. Cor.ndential. Est 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTPN. otfig? 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH.~spec!aTlst for all female '
complaints and lrregutar'.tlrs; inntant relief ,
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 82« Fost st I
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable '«peelaTist~f or "all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; tnstant re- j
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st.. opO. 5th. \
VALPEAU'S female pills; besrregrulatln* pills !
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr- I
Inge and tablets; price $5. By express only I
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventb and Broadway.
Oakland.
DR. G. W O'DONNELL— AIlTirho are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist en female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult capes treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st
MRS. DR. GWYER, B11A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1120 Market
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleascn-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny St Clay.
DR. ' ROEEN resides 2095 Folsom »t. eorner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee;. $10.
Mures asp mutoto.
ASSAYING half price; promptness, accuracy;
jewelry bought. PIONEEK ASSAYING CO-
IS" New Montgomery.
EQUIPPED mine in Grass Valley; few shares
sold at sacriflc- ; investisate. Room 430
CrotsUy building.
MISCSI.I.AK33«CS— rOS 8ALB.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.
Buys, salts, rents, reyairs machinery, boilers,
pumps, pipe, etc.
r FEW BARGAINS. _•
2 Babcock-Wilcox boilers $1000
54-inxItt-ft builer. return rlue 35O
3-horacpower boiler and engine, complete bo
O-horst^owtr taaoiins engine A.I.. '«* u
tiO-in.xl*i-tt. boiler, complete ;.... 400
7x494x0 Wcrthington puuiy to
iix i ao Woi thinstun pump *«•
3x2x3 Worthiugton pump -^
11x10 automatic Atlas «ngine 300
11x14 automatic Ball engine 35O
4-in. centrifugal pump, 4 h. p. gasoline
engine belt, pU>e. etc "W>
Eight miles cf good pipe, rrom 10 In. down.
Thirty-live tons brass and iron tlttings.
Extra uurts of engines, punas, etc.
i.'ampletf laundry uutfit
Complete water works.
Complete creamtry outfit.
SEE US ¦ LAST. Before buying, trading
or repuiring machinery, talk to H. S. WHITK
MACHINERY CO. so-called.
Boilermakers and Machinists' Union. .Pro-
prietors.
Jim KMleher. Chiaf Undertaker.
John Morlarty. Stram (beer) Expert.
Joe White, Stenographer.
H. S. White. Oflfce Boy.
Wm. Paul, Sledgehammer Expert
John IVnman. Outside Drumnv-r.
Fred C'reiBhton. Canhler.
W in. Sharp, Packins Pusher.
And a few ethers, too numerous to mention.
OFFICE. 1J0 BEALE ST.. S. F.
2L>-*ia.m.« machinery, engine*, boilers, pumps,
' pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; ie« Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130-132 Bealu st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 196-ia7 Fremont st
cows! cows! cows?
Twenty fx«h milk cows; must b* sold to-
day; Iloisf Inn and Durhams; this is the best
lot of milk cows ever offered for sale In
San FrancUeo. Inquire SAM AFTERGUT. J
4;»01 Mission st. corner Silver ave.; phone
White lUHi.
DOES VOL'R KUOF LEAK?
Repair I* with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or rhlnglrs; best .for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
caIsh register!
•A ca»h reclvter cheap. In. p-.rfect order; on ¦
easy terms. i
OSCAR- HEYMAN. 14 POST STREET. j
A — MILES of- lap welded pip*.' guaranteed to I
stand heavy pressure, with a!l- necessary
fittings: all «!*es. EUGENE RILEY &
SONS. 100 Vallejo St. {
FOU ¦ sale, cheap— 3 full-blooded Irish- setter
pups by Conn A. and Mollie Elcho. by Swift,
by Roea Elcho, reirUtered. F. WAXON, 1009
T st.. Sacramento. Cal.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, khaftins*. pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. 2M-2S5 Spear st.
FOR wile — Npw cash " register: used only 2 !
months; cheap for cash. . Call 629 Green-
wich <«t. - I
ONE SO II. • P. boiler, wool presses, shafting. |
pulleys, colls, belts, iron doors. 3SO Town- I
send at
DIAMONDS 'and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery et.. room 12. upstairs. ¦ j
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo j
Milts to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 |
Stockton st. ¦ • ¦
DIAMONDS, watcher and Jewelry for sale on j
Fmall weekly payments. United Loan and >
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents" full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 CO pair:
foot-fcrm fhees at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, hid.: catalog tree.
FOR SAI.E^ — StIO camera, new; 5xS camera
holdf-is, triDOd, etc.; cheap. 1506 Ful-
ton «r.
FOR >>ale — High irrade. standard make type-
writer; cheap. 2420- Buena Vista ave., Ala-
meda.
YOUNG large watchdog cheap. 0 Alemany st.
MSCTOLAHBOUg—JFOB BAM—Coa,
OIL paintings and picture frames, very r-won-
aoie. at Londoner'" Art Store. 1233 Poli st.
BUSINESS collese ¦cholarship for sale. In-
nuiio 2151 Grova st, Oakland.- " ' '
$33— Fin« Jersey cow, 0 years eld. richest
milk; gentle, hqq g^th st. Oakland.
NEW No. 10 Yost typewriter; used two bios.;
cheap. • Address Box 1300. Call office.
UPRIGHT enrlne and boiler on wheela; flrst-
class condition: can use belt or cabls; very
cheap. 1504 Seventh st, Oakland.
HUNTING dog; all brown; 8 mos. old; ca«*p.
411 Octavia st
FINi: Cocker Spaniel pup for sale, cheap. 1203
Union st
NEERGAARD Cosmetic Co.. 242 Post st. half
price for Dr. Neerzaard's depilatory. ¦
FOR sale — An invalid wheel chair; nearly hew.
2S20 Slxte-nth st, city. .
ENGLNEKR'S combined level and transit;
cheap. A. B. CONE. 411 Market. St. ,
WANTED — Some one to buy a showcase. 731
Market ct.. upstairs.
POUTER ana owl pigeons for sale. 122 AI-
bicn cv«.
2D-HAND build's material. ljmt>t>r.i!oor*..<usn.
Plumb, material. Tha Dolaa Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. bT
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st; te) South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $30; wort*
$100. GARIN 13S Montgomery »t.
FOR sale — Flrst-class new bricks. Apply OR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021 H Market »t
SAFES and ca*h registers, new and seeond-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
8AFE3 and desks; new and second-hand: price j
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1818 Market at
MOVING pictures, majlc lanterns, sal*, rental;
bargains. BuIIard A Br»ck. 131 Post st
SOME gool 2d-hand gaaoline engines, 1 to 13
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE H£A-
MAN'.V SAFE CO.. 307 Batfry at.
GASOLINE' engines, automobile? and launches;
all *lxe<i. J. E..DOAK. 48 Fremont at.
MiscsrLjjAiTroTrs wAirw.
WANTED — Stamp mill cut.1t. 5 or 10 stamps;
also 30 to 40 H. k'. gas enclne; must be In
xood condition: give full description and
price. J. S.. box 4437. Call ofnee.
WANTED — 2d-hand machinery, boilers, pumps,
pipe, rail, tanks, money, our own way. etc.,
etc. II. S. WHITE MACHY CO.. goods all
over office 130 Beale st.. S. F.
WILL take a g-jod surrsy with rubber tires,
harness and a good driving horse In part
payment on lot near Key Route. Address
box 1209, Call office. Oakland. -
BIG prices paid ior uld gold, sealskins, dia-
mond?, gents' • full drees suits, ate; send
postal tard. LICHTENSTEIN BRO3. 23
Stockton at.
A BARRET, of money for old gold Jewelry:
value paid; assaying half price. Pioneer
_Asnaying Co.. 157 New Montgomery st.
WANTED — Good second-hand buggy, rubber
tire, suitable for real estate business. Ad-
dresa box 42S5. Call office.
WANTED — Good-sized delivery wagon: sult-
abla for baggage express. 578 Twelfth st.
Oakland.
CALVES wanted" at NT>. corner Twenty-fourth
and Chattanooga sts.; young Durhams pre-
ferred.
PIGEONS — Homer hen pigeons: state quan-
tity, price and location. Bex 1582, 100S
Market at.
WANTED — A band saw and Barn* velocipede
scrolt saw; cash paid. Box 1314. Call office.
Oakland.
SECOND-HAND piano. In flrst-class condi-
tion. Address Box 1315. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Use of saddls bors». Address,
stating terms. Box KitO, Call office. Oakland.
WANTKD — First-class saddle horse (stn«!e-
tootor). Middle, etc. P. O. box 2604. 3. F.
WANTED — Good eecend-hand double harness
for pair small Shetland ponies. Box 3771, Call.
WANTED— White washing at laundry. 2537
Lombard st.: al! washing dona neatly; deliv'd.
WANTED — Quarter sawea oak chiffonier Al
condition. Box 44.13. Call orflce.
WANTED to rent — Blacksmith shop and tools.
Address 221 ij Teharr.a st
WANTED — A baby grand piano, second-hand.
lit good "condition. Box 4435. Call office.
WANTED — A lady's second-hand bicycle; lat-
est make. A. L. box 4000. Call office. .
WANTED— Billy goat; broke. 398 Fifth sti
YOUNG lady wanted as roommate; Catholic
preferred. Box 3636. Call. - •. ¦
WANTED — Second-hand pianola or 'Acgelus
piano player; cheap for cash. Box "COO, Call.
WANTED — To buy coupons, letter T. from
Scotch oats." Address box 3724. Call office.
WANTED — Buyers for "Veil of Isls": 1 dime.
BOOK CONCERN. 50S> Van Ness avt..
WANTED— Painter's outfit, falls, ladders, etc.
A. D. STEVENS. 470 Tehama st
TAILOR wants to exchange clothing for
printing. A^drtss box 4230. Call office.
WANTED — Young mil'* cow; Jersey preferred.
3730 Twenty-fourth St.
WANTED— Refrigerator about 40x20x40. Ad-
dress Icebox, box 2f04. Call office.
HIGHEST price paid for castor! clothing. Tel.
. Darin 825: 650 Sacramento st
TILTC'N wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth. st; tel. Jessie 2S51.
.__ 2XOZTET •SOZMAXt. _^
AAA— HERMAN MURPHyT
601-e02-eta Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments
Save expenses by dealinx directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments cf rents; property In trust.
off Seventeenth.- near Dolores.
FOR sale; new Singer; 6 drawers; $25. "00
Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — 1 boys'. I Klrls". 2 gents' blcydee;
cheap. 120 Kearny St., room . 24.
WANTED — A buyer for a twin go-cart: rub-
b*r tires; good condition. Box 3CH. Call.
PERFECTION card nickel In- slot machine for
sale cheap. 1H7 Sixth st -
FIVE rolls of barb wire, slightly damaged,
cheap. SI Federal st.
SHELVING and counter for genta' furnishing
for sale cheap. 1C0 Stockton st.
FOR SALE — A second-hand army tent cheap.
T72 Lisbon st. oft Mission.
C-FOOT nickel showcase; cost >$35; cheap.
801 Turk st.
FOR sale — A good Dane bitch.-- Apply at 7
Frankfort av., off 13th, bet. Mission-Howard.
MEXICAN harid-carved cros.« saddle. $50. \ 1-07
Octavia st. near O'Farrell.
STABLE. 5Cx20; 4 *talls. 143S Ninth avenue.
$a— S1NGKR Sewinj Machine for sale; In nlc*
condition. 60S Ellis St. ,
PRINTING prpas: bargain. 617 Kearny street.
HANDSOME, thoroughbred collie dog. 10
month* old; perfect. Box 4232, Call office.
COMPLETE punching bag outfit for sale,
cheap. :ku Eddy st. - ¦'¦
NEW bedrocm suite, child's folding bed, trunh.
_ baby buggy; cheap. 1412A Bush, nr. Polk, j
$5— DOMESTIC sewing machine; In good 'order.
1571 Market St.. near Twelfth.^ _J
A FINE apal and diamond cluster ring, $40.
The Milton Jewelry Co.. 237 Sixth et.-
FEW choice angora kittens: pedigreed, prize
winning stock. 1225 Willard; phone Page C201.
«Ox"O P. ALT. engines; 30r20 P. D. C. motors -
SWEENEY & CO.. 85 Fremont st
MAGIC lanterns for sale: cheap. 525 Mont-
gomery «t ¦-;^.-..*-.>
TWO healthy house palms; very cheap. 4C0
Scott st. . ......
BABY bugsry for sale. Apply SUB Howard
street ..'¦-¦..-..¦.¦¦¦ *
GENT'S second-hand bicycle; in good condl-
. tlcn; cheap. 318 Mason st.
PIGEONS— Homers. $0 dozen; runts, $3 'pair;
Maltese. $4 50; cross;*. $150. Box 2347. Call.
BABY'S reclining po-cart carriage, parasol top; |
almost . new.\ USH Oak tt. " j
FOR sale — O!l barrels, drums -and tanks.
GEO. PARTRIDGE & CO.. 123 California at.
USED pianola; excellent condition, cheap; own-
er going East. Box 4i:». Call office.
FOR SALE — A new Weber riano. 24th ami
1'ork-st. hardware store; no agents.
\ etc.; le;acies. life estates ana undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteoua treatment. - Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money ,••,-*¦
See HERMAN MURPHY. -
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on '
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town :
or country.
Low rate ot Interest.
Give full particulars
of. property or chattels.
Location, etc. '
Box 400. Call office.
"money on salaries . •
To Be Had for the Asking.
No Publicity or Annoyanoa,
HUTTON CP.EDIT COMPACT.
9C5 MUTUAL SAVING3 BANK BUILDING.
SALART loans; mortgage loans; easy pay-
ment*;, lower- ratta: more monej; longer
time; confidential. California Loan Co., 520
Parrott building.
SALART LOANS— .-.- 7~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one and courteous treatment;
call and eet terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bids.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2nd mortgage or on any security: any
amount O. W. BECKER, 38 G«ary, room 38.
HIGHLY respectable - erivat* place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at A
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
¦ »46 jlarket: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned en diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is orotected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
¦ LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bash 434.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, txiarj'.nz-houses. without.
- security: easy payments; larga business^ ia 49
principal cities Tolrr.aa. 553 Parrott bid*.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. »07 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. *
MONEY to loan at low interest; cold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precleus stonea bought
¦at W. J. HESTHAL'3. 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried p«opl»
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rial-
to bids.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity : $23 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. ">'• Montgomery »t.,rra. 7.
MONET loane-ifon salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Lean anJ
'Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st
DON'T borrow money on salary until you sea
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 006 Mutual Bank bldg.
For Additional Classified Adxertlje-
ments See Pase Forty-Six,
HXU ft WAJTTEI>— rEMAXia— Con. (
f.\AiH\. ta#uk. country Dutcl $5^
ia-jvaie tanjiii. AIM Valley vjy
. *ii«t-cia*a waiu-MM, mvate uuuily. tan
' JO1 ~ ! X2J
.caiman nurse lor 2 children x-jS
Housework, email i*raiiy. Redding.... !»Li
•larlof maid and waitress, city... . So
Laundress, InsUtution. city " "r>i>
..Maid aud seaaistrtes. French or German".*:*
A»»ist cook, deiic&ieitsen I£j
.2 waitresses for restaurant $8 per* week
.3 waitresses for country hotel, same place $»
¦W.uiree*. nice place. SausaMto .... J30
w«4t dinner, city $22 60
; '3 citfiaabennaids and waitresses for coun-
, try betels <..r
CfcarabenriaJd. city '.". itZ
S«W Cirl fcr iSim Itaiae! $20
. -. Housework .Petal uma. st* boss here'. "'"'L'S
. 4 cooks, jjlain wash «£»
• .28 plrls. general housework, city]. s-»3
Aniy r-it J. F. CRQgETT & CO.. 384 Sutter.
' ,_ v Offl , c « hou «. »:30 to 5 Jo.
HEAD cbauiUi-maid for an institution. $,25;
* girls to work together In school, one as
housemaid, the other as uaitiess. $20 e*ch-
.4 gooc. experienced botel chambermaids saw
eacn: ycung nurse for one child. $25 (refer-
-enc*s from a family necessary); 40 house-
" liiS: ££*i*SS££2 * nd country. $20 to $30.
tUfc* PUjNKETT. <a5 Sutler, nr. Powell.
¦n-r>T.t.-T*-^ Offlce houns - S:30 to 3:80. "
>i«JKiviNG houyekeejjer (must cook some) for
•seuUemans sanilly in country. $40; must
.Klve rererenct:* irom konie lormer place. Call
" ?'}V lo °' ol <** Monday rooming.
; MISS PLUXKK17. 425 Butter, nr. PowelL
</..~w — Orflce bour s. fi:S0 to 5:3O
1£ITCHEN maid for a Drtvate family, must
-. tr.sX» «ood bread and do same plain cook- I
. ing, wages $S5; nurs* for 3 children, plaie
• tn country, V&; laundress and chambermaid. 1
t small lanilly. 530: 2 g<wd hotel waitress**.
-•CrM-cln, ulace. J25 each.
' 1UES PLUNKK1T. 4^a gutter, nr. Powell.
7 ' REMOVAL NOTICE.
THE
CAPITAL EMPLOiMENT OFFICE,
112 TURK ET. 112 TUKK. ST.
."=. . HAS REMOVED
Froxu 2.'* Turk st.
1 AAd Is permanently located at
112 TURK. ST.
¦ P*taal* halp of all rationalities furnished
on short notice.
WANTED — At once, 300 children and young
ladies to daace and t.r.g in Bothwell
.-.Browne's Juvenile musical extravaganza,
..-" "Princefs Fan Tan," to t>« played at the
"Grand Operu Houm week of S*i>t. 11. Ap-
•. ply at liotbwell Browne's School. 304 Hayes
'• st, near Cough; hi.urs 10 a. n. to 5 p. ni.
*^'er>- <iay.
•CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14
, 3d St.. phone Bush M9u
Female l>e;-artment.
Svnll8h fflrl. general hou.^work. $-TO fd.; 2
girit. houtework. $2i> and $25 and fd.
• FIVE'«i£p«rienc*d chambermaids for flrst-class
hotel in city; $20 and found. Apply MISS
¦ I*LUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.
Jl. — WANTED — Girls to iearn hairdreaainc,
manicuring, etc.; trade taucht from A to Z
° . in 2 me*ks; tuition $5 to tho.«e entering- now?
three r>o*iticr)s to fill immediately; poaltions
• guaranter d at $10 per Brack up: Uading
school in We?t. "XS Gur)' »t., room 1.1.
TOUNG Iad> pianist to demonstrate popular
" music In derartm»rit store; willing to ac-
. * cert position out of town; must be good
.sight reader. Apply Monday from 11-12,
" . room S3. St. Ann's building, city.
' WANTED — A young- rirl for lijfct housework
id imali family; no washing or cooking: good
home: could to to Lrs AnrMen with family
V <? desired October 1; varei ?1« a month;
call rnornino. Sunday all day. 1»5 Feil st.
Ji8jr«<essing. tnlHi< Illlllg. rr.a«FaKe. scalp treat-
. . rjt-r.t. ha'r work, removal superfluous hair; $5
2 »k*. ; day, eve. class: positions secured: all
!-arloi work at mhiced rrict-s. 133 Powell.
Lu'.DJKS to 'lo ;ii»>oework home; wre furnish
ma:*rial* and ;iay $7 to $12 wetkly. Send
Mamp*d enve!< ;«¦ to ROYAL CO.. 34 E.
*. • Monroe ft.. Chicago.
• WANTED — Ex;>erirneed canncrs and cutter?;
m •*<:>• work; highest wapes paid; fare $1.
Kio Vlcut t,>nnine and 1'ackins Co., I'.
J \J. Code Jr., LSr,;r, Rio Vista. Cal.
WANTED— Lady office assistant; moderate
wages to start; fcteady position; give refer-
esoea, experience and salary txpected. Eox
44«>, Call cfSve.
AAVTEO — Exj*?rietio«r»J atenorrapher; Smith
I*r»-niler operat'*-: i-aiarj. tXt per month.
Aj.pty *ui>*rini«;ndent'B office. The Em-
{•crttoa.
— i — ¦
YOUNG ln<5y operator on Smith: do cojiyinjr;
*rite g'XHi business hsD<1: permanent; state
_* s-alary: French or German. Box 430S. Call.
TOCSCO lajy t)imwiU*t <R<rnington» fcr plain
coring. Addr*s» P. O. box 2O4S. gi»ing
rriercDCC*. RXJNttlMtca and eaiary expected.
•HOP iilcking on Ruusian lilvcr; call irumcdi- !
. ately fur i*ilroad . tuketa. -K.. CLEMKNS
HORST OOU 122 Itattery; orfice op ti to-oay. ¦
" <j:rtL to ats'.n in h-oisework; 3 in family:
rlair. cookinr: r^'xi home; wages $lb. 251
"Kcott st.. foreseen.
CIRL to do housework. 414 Haicht st.
OKKA1AN srirl wanted to do light housework.
• Apply 015 Point Lobo« ave.
WANTED — La<Jy to do general housework. A«l-
• rire*s box 4134. Call orflce.
V ANTED — A girl about 15 to assist in family.
'-' «43C San Jos? ave., between 25th and 2Cth.
O'^JH Uutti-nii'iie-mckrr wanted. E. SOUTH-
AT.r. fyutu t'2. Djr.ufcjue building.
XJUtL to take care ot baby. 10«2 Folsom st
WANTED — 10-'<> warm lady friends to wear
uur tuciniir v. «,]•.«>. Ji« O'Farrell ut.
imnSh'MAJCEIUs to learn new Joy wyatam of
cutting. Johnston. 151 Pest, over Livingston's.
WANTED— GUI :or bsfeuevork. 2011 Pacific
. avenue.
t'OUXG irirl for lisht houi-ework »nd waiting
. at :»!;>; ibII after 12. 30«! I>eavenworth »t.
WANTCI> — Young girl for light h»>usework;
mu« live home. Box 44S0. Call.
GIKL waiit?d fcr <lre: snaking. 1233 Fcl*oa»
c street
W "ANTED — Your.g lady to wait at table; coun-
. trj- hotel. S-jnoma «.'our.ty. B-jx 4410. Cail.
— Go«l e«»ers for <ire»t>making; also
ar. erurertice. C20 Golden Gate ave.
• WANTED— Good talesKumun; »a!ary and com-
miuiort. 242 Post *t.
fflRL for rewrsl housework: three adults;
car riaid. T47 Hhrader tt.
WOMAN to trein ar.d handle employes. Ad-
dress box 424<i, Call office.
WANTED — Makfrs in millinery department.
• * PHAGiiK'S. Market sod Jones tts.
iKIItKT-CLAtiS amateur muiiiclanc; church or-
<T»*«tra. K. ESiJCtS, Mi I'ost rt.
VASTZD—Coioni t-irl; prlvete family. Apply
. I). P. 15! NT HE. 7!»5 Third st
kl OiOGBAPftiCtl. ra; id. accurate; state ex- I
p*rt«ce; *U> month. Uox 4483. Call office. |
. ,'J!:/tMAN (firl for ef-ncral housework, tvxikinjr: j
.-¦ twmtl family. Mon.. 10 to 12. 1410 O'Farrell. I
A OIH>. to nr.: '.si In general housework, »15.
• C§a Monday. 1422 O'FarreU st
OPCBATOB4 and-finshers on shirts. Apply
• r-,5 Market' st.
t'lHJ. fir g-erif-ral housework; 3 in temily.
- 3HJ Bt^tiir st. •;.¦;./¦-¦¦¦-
. CHIT, do jpr.era) housework, conking: refs. re- 1
_julr<a. Apply bet. 0 & 10, l.'fflS McAllister, j
'.fTXZSHEIlS or\ la<*,lc»>' cloaks and suits. D. 1
M. 1<.;\ • IDSOV & CO.. 02 FInrt st -
W a: vtki>— Krrand elrl in millinery store.
Ai;j:>- ::t T23 Sutter st
STAJCTED — Girl for general housework; good
/:y»gc«. Call Monday 22 gteiner *t.
• U'AXTKD—GIrl fcr general housework. 2210
• • >>an Jo»e ave.. Alameda.
r'NISHETHS on ladle*' clr»k« and suits. D.
• M. DAVIDSON. 52 F".nst at.
• *3f»C»D fjn1»ner on custom vests. 022 Clay st,
• room 1CA.
C? ildren. MT.d 12c for eam?le; raiJce money
after sr.Uool. Western Eyndicate, 70C Powell.
. WA.VTED— Lady for rnsltlon of managing
° iiCAiKrke^pcr. Box 4S^&, Call office. •* -¦_
WANTED — Young woman to do plain cooking
i>n<J assist jrcneral housewcrk for small fam-
ily. T2S Castro st.. between 20th and 21st.
CIRL; reneral housework: small family; good
wages; fare refunded; 1710 Grand St., near
••Grand depot (broad rsupe). Alameda.
A KIRST -CLASS starch lroner wanted; $2 a
. . Any: steady Job for rig-nt party. Bagle Steam
Laundry. Wataonvtlle, CW.
WANTED — A competent woman for general
.• r.nu*i»work tn family of three adults. Call In
: afternoon at I»»0 McAllister st
WANTED— A cirt to do llrht housework C23
Greenwich at. ~--
TIRET-CLA6S etenoirrspher by wholesale house;
. taiary $50; state experj.; refs. Box 4401. Call.
LADY typewriter with machine; beginner. Box
.4301. Call office.
"WANTED— Frr*t-c!a*s waist hand. Apply 215
Elf Uth at. Oakland. *• '
HEIJ WAirrSP— M*XB— Continued;
FREE FREE ¦ r FREE
WANTED WANTED WANTT5D
All situations are absolutely free at THE
BULLETIN FREE EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
If you want work, call and read the boards.
Employers desiring flrst-class help are Invited
to try the bureau: a reliable place to secure
reliable help. BULLETIN FREE EMPLOY-
MENT BUKEAU. 510 Pine «t, one door from
Kearny. • ;
MISCELLANEOUS.
10 woodsmen, 5 crosscut sawyers, 6 wood-
turners for sawmills, north.
SBE BOSS HERE.
10 laborers for the woods $60
5 cross sawyers $3 00 per day
ti laboiers around sawmills In
j the north $2 25 per day
20 laborers for the pipeline,
Fresno County $2 25 per day
Laborers for the city $2 00 per day
Laborers for an Iron foundry in
the city $1 75 per day
2 sash-welght molders for a
foundry In the city $2 50 per day
Man and wife for ranch near the city $45
Handy man around a resort in Marin Co $25
H ranc* teamsters, north $30
Boy for a delivery wagon In the city.. $7 week
Ml<?d!e-aged man to care for an Invalid $25 <
J Porter for a plunge bath In the city.. $45
I Hit valor man and do some porter work, city. $10
j HOTEL AND RESTAURANT DEPT. !
! First-class portfr for a hotel In the city.... $30
Baker and pastry cook for Lake Tahos $50
Dishwasher for a hotel In the country $-5
Kitchen hand in the city $30
j Dishwasher for restaurant In tn« city. $7 week
; Elevator buy in a hotel in the city. ..$25
I Hall boy (14 ><ais) for a hotel in the city.. $12
j 3 extra waiters for the city; good place.
I Dishwasher for » restaurant In the city $20
I First-class oyster man for a hotel In clty..$GO
j EXTRA.
I 6 men to pick fruit near the city. $1 25 per day
j Kxtra waiters fcr a hotel in the city; good place
j Bellboy for a club In the city $35
! First-clnss choreman for a private place near
'¦ th? city $25
Elderly man to do some cooking and kitchen
! work in th? city $25
1 EXPERIENCED mnn for a children's depart-
[ meiit; mutt be thoroughly potted in Juvenile
clothing, hats and furnishing goods; state
experience, references and salary expected.
Box 4244. Call. '
WANTED — General agents and solicitors imme-
diately; r?sp., perma. positions; men good ad-
drfss bus ability; inclose refs.; new propo-
! «ition; Indorsed legitimate, reliable, money-
maker. BONK & MANNING. Tacoma, Wash.
I TRUSTWORTHY man to manacn branph for
: large nianiitr.i turlnjr concern; $150 per month
I and commission; aii',)llcar.t must furnish ref-
! eremes and 418QO to X2500. Address Man-
aprer. 323 W. Twelfth st-. Chicago.
; WANTED — Good men nnd women for general
an<l local agents for a gocd selling article;
a splendid field now open; call an>l get choice
j of territory. Call Monday after 8:30, MOR-
GAN & CO., 7C7 Pine st.
WANTED — A young man to xrerk out Of doors
I 2 hours dally in exi-hange for tuition In
. bookkeeping or shorthand. San Francisco
i. . Husln?*s College. 7.'!S Mission st.
I KOYS AND GIRLS cin main 50o every day
I aftfr sc!\col with o-jr silent demonstrator;
, samiiJe, post i'ald, lCc. Western Syndicate,
j 70ti Powell st.
! WANTED — Retail salesman familiar with
crockery or grocery business; give references,
experience and wages expected. Box 4487,
i Call office.
j WANTED— B<y In office of dentist. Apply be-
. tween 1 and 1 Monday, DR. GEO. RADER,
: tturd floor. Grant Wile., Seventh and Market
I SALARY riald 2'iod solicitors; references re-
j quired; traveling or local. WILLIAMSON,
j room 1. Flood hu ild inc.
; FIRST-CLASS boiler-maker with good refer-
j ences; state age an'4 experience. Box 4340,
I Cal! office.
1 YOUNG man to take eharce of office; busl-
1 nops paye $200 monthly; applicant must
! have tflOO. . Box 4494, Call office.
j BARTENDER — German: In grocery, saloon or
; hotel bar; g'xid all round man; city or coun-
; try. Box 1300. Call office, Oakland.
I YOUNG man to Bttend Invalid; must have ref-
j erences. Box 37CS. Call office.
BOYS wanted at JOE ROSENBERG'S, 1810
Market st.
"WANTED — Plumber's helper. 1351 Webster st.
EXPERIENCED waiter for hotel or restaurant
with best references. Box 4002, Call office.
ERRAND boys wanted: must live with par-
ents. Address box 3634. Call office.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1416 Twenty-fourth st
MAN wanted at. llOti Folsom st . . w -
( A FIRST-CLASS cook at 30 Liberty st, near
I Valencia and- Twentieth. ¦ .• -.
«
OPERATOR wanted. 48 Ellis at.
WANTED— Roofers. 1171 Howard st.
BRIGHT young men, IS to 21. with experience,
tor c-rockery store. 52S Market st.
A GOOD tailor wanted. Box 4478. Call.
WAITER wanted. 35 Geary st.
GARDENER wanted. Call at 1512 Leaven-
worth it.
WANTED— A Japanese cook. 230 Minna St.;
Monday morninc.
j
I BOOTBLACK wanted. 3001 Twenty-fourth st
I A CLERK wanted at I. Lelchter's clothing
1 store, 2!>45 Sixteenth st.
WANTED — Lunch cook. Apply 213 Stevenson
• street.
J FOR sale — A (rood paying 3-chalr barber shop.
" 22214 East st.
GOOD messenger boy wanted. Box 4320, Call.
UPHOLSTERER wanted. Address GEO. DOW.
; 115 Ellis st.
!' WANTED— Boy about 15 or 1C for electrio
{ shop; wages $0 we*k start Box 4141, Call.
SOLICITORS for new line, pocket samples. 100
; per cent profit. ROBINSON, 240 Mgmy.y r. 4.
j STRONG buy fcr general factory work. 27
j Jesrle St.. 5th floor. '
1 pMXTER wanted for Monday morning. 1601
\ , Flft^nth »t.
j BARBKRS— $250 buys cor. shop; good business
1 -md .'urnitufe of 3 rooms. 235 Eighth st.
i WAGON boys wanted. 21 S FJfth st ,
> GORDON press feeders. FREYGANG, LEARY
1 CO.. 113 Davis at.
BOJ wanted. 113 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Two good Christian men; good op-
portunity. Call at 3U2i California st, 7 p. m.
: EXPERIENCED city salesman. BROWN-
STONE WINE CO.. 225 Taylor st
GOOD pofitlon for union man to work among
labor unions. 010 Market st, room 68.
CLERK In cl~ar store; $15 per week. 400
Halght st.
WANTED — Youni? man acquainted with gro-
cery trade. Box 4470, Call office., . .
CHAUFFEUR who can run an auto without
making 1 smell. Box 42C5, Call office.
.
A BUSHELMAN wanted at 1320 Polk st.
HOP picking on Russian Rivez: call Immedi-
ately ¦ for railroad tickets. 'E. CLEMENS
HOUST CO.. 122 Battery; office open this
evening and Sunday.
BARBER— Experienced, neat appearing man -
<iu!rk In rush: $15 guaranteed; hours 7 am'
to « p. m. Box 1297, Call office. Oakland.'
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON, 477 and 473, Parrott building.
WANTED— Hustlers to tack signs, distribute
circulars, samples, etc; no canvassing; good
pay. Sun Advertising Bureau. Chicago.
BOYS' and children's . clothinc mm; apply
early. S. N. WOOD U CO. ,
BARBER wanted— Steady work. Apply to W
FRITZ. 1128 J st. Sacramento, Cal.
MAN sell our goods and collect; $75 month I
Call 1118 Market st, room 1.
WANTED — 20 ship painters to work on battle-
ship Ohio. Apply at UNION. IRON WORKS.
BOY wanted. Address box 4316, Call office.
BARBER fhop for sale. $300; two chairs-
good fixtures: clearing at least $100 per
month over expenses: .rent .$12 a month; two
rooms In rear; trial given. C. JORDAN.
St. . Helena. Cal. . . . .
MEN to learn barber trade; onty eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert in-
struction; Dcsltlons tecurrd; special induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College. CSS Clay st
LABOR 'debt* collected: suits, attachment^.'
Law and Adjustment Co., 32S Montgy..r. 415.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14. 190-1
46
BOOKS rOB HOTrS-g-SEgX-TG— - Con.
VAN NESS ave. 232— Fur. housekeeping, sln-
gle and 2-room -ultes; $6. $10. $16. $18.
VAN NESS ave., 710 — To let, 6unny furnished
front room for housekeeping.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan — Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
«f advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 o. m. - - ¦
AJPABTMXWT HOUSES.
A— EL DRISCO APARTMENTS.
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BRODERICK.
4 and 6 rooms, . furnished or unfurnished;
commands an unsurpassed view of the entire
city, ocean and bay; your Inspection solicit-
ed; best of .references required.
MRS. V N. FOSTER, LESSEE.
ALSO FREE and for EXCLUSIVE use of
the LESSEES, unique GRILL, complete In
every detail, a charming place to entertain
one's friends. BILLIARD and CARD ROOM
adjoining. •
A— GRAND VIEW APTS.. 3101 CALIFORNIA;
NICELY FURNISHED 4-ROOM SUITES;
PRIVATE BATHS. PHONE GEARY 4047.
A— THE FREDERCK, »6i Stanyan; 1 to 6 r.
anarts.. fur., unfur.; private bath, steam
heat Jan. ser.; terms reas. Tel. Page 6166.
A — VAN NUYS, cor.. Bush and Jones sts.
New management; fresh paint and tinting;
thoroughly renovated; _-3-4 room suites.
A — OCTAVIA, 1423 — Most select apartment-
house In city; 3-4 rooms; elegantly furnished.
A— Whitefleld. 122S McAllister; elegant sunny
j unfurn. apartments; very- desirable; adults.
A— ROSWELl7~13GO Pine. nr. Hyde^-Smartly
furnished (new) sunny 2-3-4 room apartments
A— CHESTERFIELD, 637 Bush— New modern
j house; 3-4 room apts.; furn. or unfurn.; reas.
MACKEN, »1 CENTRAL AVEL. NR. HAIGHT;
3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY APARTMENTS;
furnished, unfurnished; modern; reasonable.
BELGRAVIA APTS~POLk. NR. CLAY— 2-3
r.; $15 up; gas stoves; baths; tel. Polk 1008.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS"
Corner Pine and Taylor sts.; phone Pr. Ex. 443.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-»
rooms; turn, or unfurn.: rets. Tel. East 1390.
BOOMS TO I.ET — Ftirn. and T/nfurn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
i 115 AND 117 EDDY ST,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 rooms; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
' OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 60 TO $2 50 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. •
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
S20 Mason et.. bet Geary and O'Farrell.
Room* with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire house
newly renovated: sun in rooms aU day.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth «t— Rooms
25c to $1 per night $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
A NICELY furnished room for rent Apply
2C3 Minna «t.
ASH ave., 13S — Furnished front room, $6. ,
; ASH ave., 220 — Large, eunny, front room;
i suitable for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
! Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 60c. $1. $1 60 night;
\ $1 60 to $10 week: bouse open all night.
AUSTIN. 315%— Furnished room to let.
AVERT. 29. off Geary, near FUlmore — Sunny
parlor In new flat, $S; call evenings.
| A SOCIABLE, Inexpensive home In Mission
for gentleman; near Market; good board.
[ Box 4296, Call office.
BARTLETT. 306 — Sunny rooms.
I ¦
46 — One room; furnished.
BAY. 1806 — Sunny furnished room.
BEAVER, 57, .Sixteenth and Market— Nicely
furnished room In Private family, $6.
BELMOND House, over Owl drugstore. 2 en-
trances, 1128 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 6Oc per night: $1 25 to $3 w*ek.
BROADWAY, 702— Furnished room to let
i BROADWAY. 1234 — One eunny furnished room.
BRYANT. 19S — Room to let.
BRYANT, 768 — A furnished room.
BUSH. 629 — Nice furnished sunny rooms; good
location; reasonable.
BUSH. 806 — Sunny alcove room, suitable for
two gentlemen; references required. :
BUSH. 1CC6 — 2 sunny furnished rooms; rent
reasonable: telephone In house. ;
CALIFORNIA. 1251— Sunny furnished room
with private family; no sign.
CALIFORNIA. 1004— Nicely furnished, mod-
ern, suite or single, with board.
CALIFORNIA, 1604— Rooms with board.
CALIFORNIA. 1614 — Large room suitable for
gentleman. — ;
CAMP, 24. between Sixteenth and Seventeenth '
— Fun-lshed front room to let; private.
CAPP, 614 — Sunny front room; gas, bath; rea- j
sonable.
CAPP. 040— Furnished sunny rooms to let.
CLARA. 83— Nicely furnished room, suitable
i for 1 or 2 gentlemen; running water.
| CLEMENT. 216 — Furnished room to let.
CLEMENTINA. 447—2% blocks from Market
St.; light, pleasant parlor; new, modern tlat;
top floor; bath, hot and cold water; suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen: no children; respect-
able, friendly people; private family; call
after 3 p. m. ,, v •
CLAY, 1006 — Furnished rooms to let.
CLAY, 1208— Nicely furnished sunny front
alcove room: marine view.
! CLAY. 14*3 — Large bay-window front hall-
; room; private family; phone Larkin 4635.
CRAGDURN (The).. 1007 Larkin. cor. Post.—
Sunny nicely furnished rooms: single, an
rulte, housekeeping apartments; running
water, bathe: rates reasonable.
DOLORES, 231 — Rooms; sunny, and bath; use
> of pls.no. i ¦
I DUUMM. 208 — Furnished rooms to let.
EAST, 226. Dewey House — Furnished rooms to
let.
j EDDY, 210 — Elegant sunny front room; also
double and single; gents preferred.
; EDDY. 432 — Fine furnished rooms, single or
en suite; choice location: reasonable.
EDDY. 478 — Elegant sunny parlor; also sin-
gle; gents preferred.
EIGHTH ave.. 674 — 2 parlors, partly furnished;
single, furnished, bay-window.
I ¦ . ' -¦? . .• ¦> ¦.' — ___
[ EIGHTH. 204— Room to let
EIGHTEENTH. 4058— Furnished room to let.
EDDY, 617 — Fine fur. rooms for housekpg.;
reat. for perm, party; $7 up; tel. Hyde 346.
ELEVENTH. 120— A sunny furnlshed~~room;
suitable for 2. y
ELLIS. 20 — Furnished rooms to let
¦
ELLIS, 895 — Sunny furnished rooms to let
ELLIS.' 61 6 — Rooms to let. 1
ELLIS, 782^ — Nice furnished rooms to let
ELLIS. 732 — FurnUhed rooms to let - -
ELLIS. 609— To let room. -
ELLIS. 1060— Nice furnished rooms, single or
en suite; convenient.'
ELLIS. 1885— Sunny furnished room; private
-family.*^- . .. .
ERIE. 157— Small furnished room to let. ,
FELL, 251 — Rooms, single and en suite; new-
ly furnished. .
¦S1FTH. 1— Furnished rooms to let <
BOOMS TO -.liT— Pnrn. and Tft_r_r_,
SIXTH 224— Sunny, front room: also -_¦«•
back room; rent very cheap; private.
SIXTEENTH. 8437— Furnished room.
SOUTH PARK, 101— A nicely furnished, sunny
front room; reasonable,
SOUTH PARK. 137-2 or 3 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 145 — Snnny front room. r
STANYAN. 1111— Upper floor; 4 large unfur-
nished rooms; bath; pantry; reas.; adults, j
STETNER. 110— Furnished room, $7 per month.
BTEVEN8ON, 233— Furnished rooms.
STEV_N_ON. 405— Famished rooms to let
8TEVEN8ON. 635 — Double furnUhed rooms for
gentleman.
STEVENSON, 774— Small furnished room to
let
STOCKTON House. 153% Third st— Elegantly
furnished rooms; en eulte or single.
STOCKTON. 14'l9 — Furnished rooms.
SUNNY room In cottage; gas, bath; reasonable.
Box 4445. Call office.
SUNNY unfurnished room for young lady. Box
3739. Call office.
SUNNY front room with two beds: also single
room for gentlemen with references; central.
W. W., box 4273. Call office.
! ~~___Z
SUTTER. 236 — Furnished rooms.
SUTTER, SCO— Furnished rooms to let
SUTTER, 717— Elegant parlor suite; also sunny
siozle rooms.
SUTTER. 1105 — Large front furnished bay-
window room; running water; 2 closets; con-
veniences; light housekpg. If desired; $12.
SUTTER. 1783 — To let; sunny front room.
SUTTER, 2134 — Furnished room.
SUTTER. 2483 — Nice, sunny room, furnished;
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
SUTTER, 2516B — Furnished room to let
TAYLOR. 125 — Rooms to let.
TAYLOR, 131—2 furnished rooms.
TEHAMA. 65 — Sunny front room.
TEHAMA. 86 — Furnished rooms to IK.
TEHAMA. 154— Furnished rooms to let
TEHAMA. 406 — Furnished room to let
TEHAMA, 425 — Furnished rooms to rent
TEHAMA, 4SS — Furnished room to let.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New brick
building, finely furnished; modern; central;
rates reasonable.
1 THIRD, 6<> — Sunny room to let
THIRD, 75 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 78 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 1C6. Seattle House — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 106 — Rooms to let
THIRD, 107 — Furnished room to let
THIRD. 1B6 — Rooms to let
THIRD. 156 — Rooms to let.
THIRD. 156 — Furnished rooms to let
THIRD, 156— Rooms to let.
THIRD. 308— 25c. 50c. 75c. $1 night: $1 25. $4
wk. ; respectable; gas; bath free; hskpg. rms.
THIRD. 314^ — Furnished rooms to let. .
THIRD, 404, The Sterling— Clean, neatly fur-
nished rooms.
THIRD and Mission, Revere House — Furnished
rooms to let.
THIRTEENTH. 282— Furnished room to let.
TURK, 314% — 2 sunny rooms; ground floor;
rent ?10.
TURK. 4C4— Aldine, furnished rooms, suits
and apartments; reasonable.
TURK. 1159 — Furnished rooms for gentlemen,
with board If desired; quiet location.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367. In Mission warm belt
1 sunny furnished room; gent; $5.
UNION. S2:i — Lady can have elegant furnished
front room: fine view; private family.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — tOO
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read.-room: free bus; baggage.
VALENCIA. 732 — 2 sunny front rooms, upper
fiat, bath.' phone; after 3 p. m. week days, j
VALENCIA. 1140 — Nice sunny furnished front
room an-1 bath; rent $35.
VALLEJO. S01 — Furnished room.
VAN NESS ave.. 320— Large sunny bay-win-
dow room: running water: $12.
VAN NESS ave.. 2551 — Fine furnished rooms;
nicely located.
¦ ¦
VAN NESS ave., 2WK> — Sunny room, furnished.
VAN NESS ave., 2618 — Unfurnished sunny
room.
VALENCIA, cor. 19th— 1 furnished and 1 un-
furnished sunr.y room In warm belt Mission.
WALLER, near Clayton — Rooms to let; sunny
and fine view; new flats.
WANTED— Couple to take part of nicely fur-
nished, modern 6-room flat; reasonable. 230
Guerrero st.
WASHINGTON, 1325 — Nicely furnished room,
$5. - -
¦
! WEBSTER. 1332 — Sunny front room, fur-
i nished; suitable for a gentleman. ¦'.;:>.:
i '
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to 5150 night: 52 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus: baggage.
WOLF House 202 Sixth at-— Rooms from 15o
to $1 per night and from DOc to $5 per week.
ZOE. 18— Furnished rooms to let.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of Advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS WABTTEP.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAVE
SEPTEMBER. 1904.
Hotels, rooming houses, apartment houses,
boarding and private houses. Hat your rooms
1 for visiting Knights Templar and their friends.
! free of all charge, with the
I CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCT.
I 1101 Marker st., rooms 3 and 4.
i w. L. GROWALL. Chairman Hotel Committee.
COUPLE desire two housekeeping rooms or
i one large: centrally located; reasonable. Box
1 4454 Call office.
1 ___————-————————-—————-———_-_______
WANTED— Sunny furnished room north of
Market; lady; $C; private family. Box 4033
Call office. . -
WANTED— Room and bath, vicinity Taylor
and Bush sts.; young man. Box 8732, Call.
WANTED— 3 or 4 nicely fur. rms. by family
ot 3 adults. MRS. BUSCH. 804 3rd st
THREE housekeeping rooms : private family.
ROpMS.«-t«?-M«rb« nIco and~7u_n~y7j.
\ F.. 4C8 Harrison et.
A NICE sunny front room wanted by a young
man. Box 4230. Call office.
?IAV-.
A WAY to healtn"— Mothers' and daughters'
vT%T tr <£, tm £Jii -Jp-Uet free; write for It
VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness; phone East -82.
___ i
BOOMS TO LET — Pnrn. and TTnf am.
MARKET. 917— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 993 — Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 1004— FurnUhed room to let; third
floor; $1 25 week.
MARKET. 1007%— Rooms to let. $2 a werii
MARKKT. 1012% — Small back room; rent
reasonable. -
MARKET. 1049A,The Falmouth— Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7. •
MARKET. 1654 — Furnished rooms to let.
MARY. 34%— A large sunny room; rent $12.
McALLISTER, 702— Sunny , front room for
gentleman.
McALLISTER, 710— Sunny front room; nicely
furnished.
McALLISTER, 1068— Nice room, furnished;
rent cheap.
McALLISTER. 1419— Sunny room.
MINNA. 2S— Rooms to let
MINNA. 28— Rooms to let.
MINNA, 101, corner Second — Nice sunny rooms
to let.
MINNA. 105— Room to let.
MINNA, 255 — Neatly furnished rooms to rent
MINNA. 253 — Sunny front room: private fain- ;
ily; $6 per month. I
-— — — ___________________
MINNA. 263 — A nicely furnished room for rent
MINNA. 267 — Sunny furnished room for rent
MINNA. 309 — Furnished rooms to let
MINNA. 328 — Furnished rooms, single or
double; $1 up. ,
MINNA. 545— One nicely furnished room -to let
to gentleman.
MINNA. 63S — Large front room; reasonable.
MISSION, 810— Furnished rooms to let
MISSION. 875— Furnished rooms to let
MISSION. 837A — Sunny room to let.
MISSION. 1432— Rooms to let.
MISSION, 1815A— Nice room In private family;
$8 per month.
MISSION, 2262 — Unfurnished room for rent
MISSION. 2948— One furnished room.
MOSS. 26 — Furnished room to let.
MONTGOMERY. 100— Rooms to let *
MONTGOMERY. 121— Rooms to let.
MONTGOMERY, 131— Furnished rooms.
NATOMA. 41— Furnished room.
NATOMA. 460% — Single room for gent; gas In
bath; private family. -- , j
__r_ ¦ ¦ j
NATOMA. 615 — Single sunny furnished room, j
j
NATOMA. 615— Sunny front room to let ;
NATOMA, CIS — Large sunny room; rent reas- •
on able. - j
NICE - rear sunny room on Golden Gate ave.. i
near Scott, for a young man. Box 4256. Call. !
NICELY furnished rooms to let at the Els-
mere, 304 Third et.
NINTH, 147— Larce sunny room. j
NINETEENTH. 1206— Furnished room to let. !
NOE. 159— Seven unfurnished rooms to let
NOE. 677 — Large sunny convenient room; fine j
view; reasonable. j
O'FARRELL, 900 — Furnished rooms to let. j
O'FARRELL, 1324%— Suite of 2 rooms; fur- !
nished. .
O'FARRELL, 1520, near Buchanan — Two con- j
nectlng or single rooms; hot and cold water, j
phone, etc.: gentlemen. ;
OAK. 1005 — Rooms to let.
OAK. 1020— Rooms to let. with 1 or without
board.' •
OAK. 1101 — Single furnished room.
OAK, 1103 — Furnished rooms.
O'FARRELL, 11— Single rooms.
O'FARRELL. 333— Sunny suite, suitable for
gents or ladies; phone, bath; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 401 — Sunny furnished rooms; gaa
and bath.
O'FARRELL, 587 — Sunny furnished rooms.
O'FARRELL, 764 — Nicely furnished rooms.
O'FARRELL, 840 — Larce sunny rooms.
O'FARRELL. 8C3 — Furnished rooms.
O'FARRELL. 1027— Room to let, suitable for'
gentleman. ¦
O'FARRELL, 1394 — 1 sunny suite and single
rooms; reasonable.
ONE large front sunny room; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; rent $2. Inquire at
shoe store, 5G3 Mission Et._ .
PACIFIC. 740, corner Stockton — Furnished
rooms to let.
PAGE, 20^ — Two neat rooms for working girls,
with or without board.
PAGE. 278— Two or three sunny rooms with
bath.
PINE, 827.' near Powell — Pleasant sunny fur-
nished rcon;; private; gentleman; $9. i
PINE, 052 — Pleasant rooms with board: re- '•
. fined family.
POST, 880 — Large furnished room, bath, for
one or two vents; references.
______________ _______________ ______
, POST. 025— Furnished room to let.
! POST, 927 — Furnished room to let: • V' -'
: POST, 028— Sunny room; hot and cold water,
with use of bath.
POST, 062 — Nice sunny rooms; $8 to $15; gas;
bath; running water; central.
POWELL. 216. between O'Farrell and Geary —
, Sunny furnished .rooms from $2 per wk. up. !
POWELL. 506— Two single rooms for gents.
POWELL. 506 — Nice rooms for gentlemen.
ROOMS for two gentlemen: central location;
• - reference. ¦ Box 4262, Call office. j
SANCHEZ. 1535/ corner Twenty-ninth — Sunny j
furnished room to let. ;
SANSOME, 621, upstairs— Large sunny room
: to let - I
SANSOME/ 625 — Furnished rooms for men. '¦
SCOTT. 1810— Nicely furnished room; bath; !
gas;- $10.
: ; i
SENTINEL, 870 Turk, adjoining Jefferson !
¦ Square — 4-room unfurnished apartments. :
Phone East 017. -- j
SEVENTH. 173— Rooms to let
SHIPLEY. 20— Two rooms In rear to let
SHOTWELL, 1163-^-Sunny front room; reason-
able.": ' • • . .
SILVER.- B2-— Unfurnished rooms; rent $18 per
• month. ; '_•¦ ' '
SIXTEENTH, -3038,. near Valencia— Sunny
double • bay-window ' room; also small sunny
loom; new flat; private family. ' •^'..yT/
MOHXT TO -.OAST— Co-tinned.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
LOAN'S to salaried people private!— without ee-
curtty. PIONEER CO.. 819 Market et. eulte 31.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Eav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market st
ETAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
00. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Keamy.
t % ON furaltura & pianos; $1S up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndofer. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
-txtsicai. jreTBTOOBBTa.
HJtADQUARTERS for renting piano* — Little
pl_noa for src-11 rooms, medium slse for
average rooms, big planes for large parlors,
balls, etc; pianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
eon-* at $2, a large number of good ones at
12 r>0 per mo. : our own make pianos at $3
per mo (the beet Instrument offered for the
money In S. F.): a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $6 per mo.; over 160 In-
struments to jselect from, all of them good
bcrgal-s to toy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed o_ purchase price. 8COTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660-64 Hayes st
A BUNCH of upright*; easy payments.
Erard: email upright for practice *w
Woodworth; Allovon ; splendid order $65
Wagner: perfect condition; a snap. .....$110
Neumann; mahogany case; a bargain.... $125
Ester; mahogany case; perfect order... $190
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OTarrell st
AT private sale Fischer cabinet grand piano
In perfect order. 1643 O'Farrell St.. between
2 and 5 o'clock.
UPRIGHT piano; slightly used; walnut case;
latest lmprove-ieEta; former price $325; for
$160, Installments. 1919 Mission at
CHOICE of four fine square plaaoe. carved legs;
la fin* condition; $50; installment— 1919
Mission st.
ELIGHTLY used piano p'.aytr, former price
$250, now $150; Installments. 1919 Mission.
MAHOGANY case, uprigfct; fine condition;
$140; Installments. 1919 Mission et.
$300 upright piano, new. for «Ue for cash,
$190; 3 pedals. Box 4460. Call office.
A LOT unredeemed storage pianos, furniture,
dirt oheap. Whltehead'e Storage. 1C36 Mkt
riANO. first class, cost $650, good as new. will
be sold for $200; can be seen at C46 Clayton.
SAVE the interest. Piano- i»old on easy paytn'te
without interest. BRl.'ENN. 225 gutter st.
ONE month plaro rent free on pianos rented
In July and August. BRUENN. 225 Butter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; aa good as
new; $135. 237 Geary et
$C0 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 21C McAllister st
ECHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYROX MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos ecld on $5 monthly pay-
nienU. BCHMITZ - CO.. 16 McAllliter st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up;ChSckrring baby grand;
Shosltiger. little used. K»fffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
AgP j5TO-tIIS TO jVE'*x~^
A — POST *t.. SW. comer of Taylor — Light.
euncv store, 15x40 feet;- lease to desirable
teaaat. SPECK _ CO., 209 Montgomery Et.
A — NICE lipht Etore with large basement: best
block on Sixth st. SPECK & CO., 209 Mont-
gomery st.
TO let — Fire corner store, suitable for <Sry
goods hardware, etc.; rent $50; NE. cor Noe
and Market ets.
NICE, light airy room, partially furn.; teL
privileges (pri. ex.). Apply 204 California st.
ETORE — Comer -3d and Guerrero sts.; fixtures.
3 living rooms; cement basement.
PART of store to let; suitable barber, tailor or
shoemaker; reasonable. 404 O'Farrell St.
PEHSOWALS^^ ww^ -u^ w
LADIES don't wear thoce horrid ugly wrinkles
under our new scientific treatment; we ra-
move them and g!ve you back the ekin and
complexion cf youth, leaving not a scar cr
mark or blemish on the face; the many
years of practice at hcroe and abroad in this
particular line of work makes us experts; all
wrinkle*, etc.. permanently removed; lest
cuntour restored: fisa'.Ipcx pittlngs removed;
consultation confidential. MME. GILLING-
HAM. lol Powell st.. near Ellis^
THE FOUNDATIONS OF LIFE.
'An exposition of the nature, origin and des-
t;cy of man. Nothing like It has appeared in
priut since "The Vestiges of Creation."
Sent to any afidress on receipt of price, 25c
by J. BALL, 1073% Market st. S. F.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
tore threat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
o\-er 20 years: price 50c Manufactured solely
• by ROW ELL _ BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE 6tar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
. proves Its growth, steps falllng.cures danflru-
ar.d itchir.g scalp; r.o *tain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggirts'. hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,133S Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
ckln. mouth, bones, etc.) cpeediljr cured by
rkllled erecUllst from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. S2S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAO carpets wove to order sni for sale; also
chenllle-wove np. silk portiere; dealer tn
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 703 Fifth st., Oakland.
PROF. DE LOUTSKY. dermatologist, wrinkle^
Miperfiuous hair, ir.o!«;s. etc.. perman<rntly
rtmoved; no acids. C27 Geary Et., opp. St.
Francis.
IF there is any one here can tell me of C.
W. SANDERS* whereabouts p'^ns* drop me
• card at Winchester Hotel 44 Third «t_ C.
K. SANDERS.
WANTTTD— A££re*-s cf L'.lll- Mae Howland:
last known tddress, Kan Francisco. MRS.
W. P. S.. CS5 Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
AT less than cost; uncalled for cults, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st
YOU can buy $73 wcrth of furniture for $7 »0
down and *1 50 ptr we*k. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Port at., near PowelL
RHEUMATISM and nervcu-nc£s can be cured.
Persian syctexn of rr.a-sae" f=p«?aks
for itself: try it. Mra. J. II. Wood, 371 Geary.
WANTED— Information of JAMES eTkIMES,
la-t heard from I'rescott. Arizona. Box 4222,
Call office. 1
4-7 — YOI'KS received; will be on lookout for
word. L. £z IC.
WANTED— Gir-s to attend the Chauffeurs' bail
Mechanics' Pavi'.ion. Aus. 27.
LADIHS and g-ntlt-men, you will find beet hair
tor.ir In the at 1S10 Sutter st.
ELEGANT e-j!t to order & 1 ex. pair pants. J15.
LEON LEMOS, 1327 Mkt. Et.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed 'La V«srite hair-
parior*) to C45 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT c"i?mcn<1 ring, nearly 3 carats
GARIN. 1SS ilontgoraery st
SUPERFLUOUS hair & rx.les removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrg.Dr.A.W.Traverae.ll70 Market
TAILOR-MADE FUit $7 DO; cre«« pantr $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
Actlna restore* lost eyeslrht; cures deafness and
catarrh. A 'VIP A CO.. 8524 13th, nr.- Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle -neclallst. 3C3 gut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE co-tutne» play books, w-gs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; f 1; at all druggists'.
PATE-TTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
tomey-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. S32 Market st.
PARTNERS WASTES.
WANTED— A partner to attend to office, with
$250 to Invest In a legitimate business prcp-
osltlon. Address Box 44S4. Call office.
PARTNER In legitimate well-paying buslne»e:
no experience required: some cash. 4490. Call.
CAPITALIST of commercial epiiit to' push
¦ales estab. proprietary article. 3358. Call.
WANTED— Partner lor re-taurant Box 4073,
Call office.
PHTSICIAITS AZTD SUEOEOITS.
DB C. C. O'DONNELL — Office end residence,
1C21% Market st. bet. «th and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, ckln and rectal diseases a rpeclaHy.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor!
treat* all diseases of the human body; for
past four rears at 115-117 Mar on st. now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary et.. near Leave—worth.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
easet cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONO HON. 819 Powell «t. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
STABLTS TO X.ET.
TO let— 2 stalls. 2410 Harrison et, between
Twentieth _nd Twenty-first
I rAIJ-ISTBY.
i PALMIST wanted; must be scientific. St Ger-
: main College of Palmistry, 242 Post at
MADAME DEVAS. palmist and astrologer.
Leibes bldg.. 139 Post st, Hours 10 to 5.
MME. NEKRGARD. located at _42 l-ost; hours
J to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
' Mrs. Whltney.palmlst;houns 10t0l2. 2 to 8. Sun.;
Thur. eve. readings; admiaslon 15c. 468 Eddy.
KOOMS FOK KOXXSEKEEPINa.
BUCH TANAN?~i0C13^Furnlshed "sunny house-
keeping rooms; modern; Sept 1.
BUSH terrace, 742 — 2 nice housekeeping rooms
with gas. $5 50.
DESIRABLE lower floor, 4 rooms, private
house; overlooking Panhandle; for rent early
September; moderate to suitable party. Box
S7S8. Call office.
DEVISADERO. 841— Entire top floor, five sun-
ny rooms, gas range, etc.; will let Sept 1
for one month or more; phone; $20.
DOLORES. 8S2. near 16th— Four furnished
housekeeping rooms; upstairs; sunny; $15.
EDDY. 821 — Two furnished rooms for bouse-
! keeping.
EDDY. 468 — Large back parlor: running water
t.nd grate: for light housekeeping.
ELLIS, 1257 — Three comfortably furnished
housekeeping rooms; adults; references.
ELEVENTH. 106— Two connecting sunny
! rooms complete for housekeeping.
: ELLIS. 325 — Two and three rooms for hous«-
keeplng; neatly furnUshed.
; ELLIS. 856 — Eunny front housekeeping rooms;
1 email furnished room. *
I ELLIS, 1808 — Three eunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; $25 with piano.
FELL. 370 — One large, newly furnished, sunny
room; gas, bath; walking distance.
! FOR RENT— Early In September, deslrabls
! lower floor, private house; overlooking Pan-
handle; moderate to suitable party. Box
; 3794, Call office. .
! FOURTEENTH. 706 — Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms.
FREDERICK, 157S — Sunny housekeeping rooms
! to let.
GEARY. 820— Nicely furnished housekeeping ',
rooms. :
. 1
GEARY. 1279 — Sunny suit of 2 rooms, clos- !
eta, running water; privilege of light house- |
keeping; partly furnished; new house; $15.
GEARY, 1348 — Flrst-dass housekeeping rooms, j
Golden Gate ave., 311 — Sunny, fur. room for
hkpg.; no children; private family; gas; $12.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631 — Two front nicely
furnished rooms, complete light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 635 — Swell parlor and
kitchen; running water; gas; phone; $22.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 639 — Two nice furnished
rooms for housekeeping; location excellent
GUERRERO. 930. bet. 21st and 22d— Fur-
nished room for housekeeping; no children.
HAIGHT, 224 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms
with bath; suitable for 2 or 3 adults.
j HARRISON, 618 — Housekeeping rooms to let \
J HARTFORD. 163 — Three housekeeping rooms S
i in basement.
! HAYES, 1042— Three sunny, furnished house- j
keeping rooms. !
] HOWARD. 71914 — House-keeping rooms and
others; reasonable; respectable ; no transient.
j HOWARD, 737%. Manilla House— Nice suite
housekeeping rooms; also other rooms.
HOWARD. 823 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 035 — Rooms for lljht housekeeping. {
-______—_—_———————————_——————————— 1
I HOWARD, 1119%, nr. 7th— 2 or 3 sunny furn.
; rooms with all conven. for housekeeping.
I ____ -^_
1 HYDE. 214 — Housekeeping rooms to let
! HYDE, 5Oo — Furnished or unfurnished rooms,
with light housekeeping.
; HYDE, 509 — Pleasant furnished rooms for
1 housekeeping: all conveniences.
HYDE 1026 — Large front eunny alcove; house-
keeping; partly furnished; gas range; bath.
HYDE, 1549 — Housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. 831 — Sunny housekeeping room to let;
gas range. j
JONES. 505 — Front eulte. nicely furnished; ',
light housekecpir.gr; reasonable. ;
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
; Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas. ¦
i LANGTON, 15. near 7th, off Howard — Three
; neatly furnished rooms for housekeeping;
reasonable.
' LANGTON, 256% — 3 sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping;prlvate family ;cheap.
! LARKIN. 708 — 2 housekeeping rooms; lunny; j
reasonable; on car line. .
! LARKIN, 1015— Housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN. 1015% — Furnished housekeeping j
rooms. . :
! LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
a vet. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
MARKET. 1S24 — Nicely N furn!ehed, sunny
house-keeping rooms; rent reasonable. j
¦ McALLISTER, CS3 — 2 or 3 unfur. rooms for j
housekeeping; regular kitchen. Call before 4.
' M'ALLISTER. 7P2 — Sunny front room, com- j
plete for housekeeping. |
J M'ALLISTER. 080 — Two front housekeeping
rooms; sunny; $14.
j MISSION. 1063 — Front suite, elegantly fur-
1 niched for housekeeping; strictly modern; also
{ single room.
MISSION, 1150 — 2 rooms complete for house- ;
i keepins, 510. |
: MISSION, 2258. between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth — 2 housekeeping rooms; sunny; nice
porch; gas If desired; no objection to a baby. ;
' MISSION. 2512 — 3 rooms furnished complete for
1.1 -i 1 s* keeping; use of gas and bath.
I NATOMA, 615 — Large housekeeping room,
suitable for two.
I ¦¦ _____ 1
OAK, 111 — Four furnished, tunny housekeep-
ing rooms; gas stove, bath; can be rented
separate.
j OAK. 117. 538 McAllister — Rooms, complete;
; $5 ta C 12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
I — — — — _^
j OAK. 1103, entrance to park.
I OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Large dlnlng-
i room and kitchen; gas stove; $15; others.
I O'FARRELL, 1395 — Nicely furnished^ sunny
i front housekeeping suite; new corner flat.
I O'FARRELL. 1S1»4 — Sunny cor. housekeeping
: suite; all conveniences; also furnished room;
I reasonable. j
! OTARRELL, 1816— Three nicely furnished '.
j housekeeping rooms; bath; sun. ;
OLIVE ave.. 124 — Two unfurnished rooms; use
of kitchen; $9.
PEARL. 3. corner Market— 2 fumlsh-d nou*e-
keffrlng rooms; $11-$13; No children; phone.
PINE. 827— Three sunay housekeeping rooms
complete; gas range; reasonable; adults.
PINE. 1733 — Three-room suite; light and sun-
ny; very nicely furnished; reasonable.
SECOND. 205—2 or 3 rooms; all modern; new
furniture; cheap.
SECOND. 434 — Three furnished roomi for
housekeeping.
BCOTT. 250^ — Two sunny connecting rooms, fur.
or unfur.: bath, gas,' phone; no children.
SIXTH, 215% — 4 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; no children.
SMALL furnUhed sunny room for very light
housekeeping; elderly lady. Box 4113. Call.
6OUTH PARK. 85 — Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, $10. . :
SOUTH PARK, 178 — Furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
TAYLOR, 604— Pleasant furnished rooms; con-
venient and reasonable.
¦ __
TAYLOR. 624. corner Sutter— 2 light runny
housekeeping rooms, $15; bay window, $12. *
TURK. 1147 — Unfurn. suites In elegant new
flat; sunny: select location: ref; $2S to $45.
TURK. 1159— Fur. suites or unfur. rooms; fine
location; rent reasonable; see these; all new.
Twelfth. 122. bet Howard and Mission— House-
keeplng rooms, furnished complete ; adults.
VALENCIA. 310— Two nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
VALLEJO, 1428— Housekeeping room* 5*1
BOOMS TO _iET--rn»n t «ad TTnf nrn.
FIFTH, 83— Furnished rooma to let ~
v . *'. . • .
j FIFTH ave., 357— Furnished room to let.
FIRST. 228 nr. Howard— 5 sunny housekeeping
rooms; business center; rent moderate.
FILLMORE, 1340— Furnished rooms, $4 up;
references exchanged.
' FOLSOM, 488— Furnished room to let; double
or single. . .
FOLSOM. 674 — Nice sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.; • */ : :.'
FOLSOM. 851 — Furnished rooms to let
j. —
I FOLSOM, 1165— Rooms to rent '
FOLSOM. 1252— Furnished rooms.
FOLSOM, 2623— Pleasant sunny rooms, nicely
furnished, suitable for one or two gents.
FOR RENT— Room, furnished, good locality;
private house- reasonable; references. Box
3755. Call office. ' ¦' .
FOURTEENTH, 84— Sunny furnished front
room; reasonable. .-
FOURTH,, 50-^-Rooms to let
FOURTH, 69— Furnished rooms to let
FOURTH. - 225— Nice large room for house-
keeping.
FULTON, 27— Nicely furnished room for party
of three; gentlemen preferred.
FULTON. 2178— Furnished or unfurnished
. room; one block from Golden Gate Park. .
FRANKLInT 203^iunny furnished, rooms to
let, reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 203 Nicely furnished rooms;
pleasant home for lady.
¦ -.
FRANKLIN. 428— Room to let
FRANKLIN. 423— Corner room.
FRANKLIN, 721, near G. O. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front rooms, suitable for two. $10.
FURNISHED or unfurnished rooms with or
without housekeeping: also rooms with board;
full particulars; no charges. Room Renting
Advertisers, 117 Sutter St. OFFICE IN
REAR OF STORE. UPSTAIRS.
FURNISHED or unfurnished rooms, with or
without housekeeping; also rooms with board;
full particulars; no charges. Room Renting
Advertisers. 117 Sutter st: OFFICE IN
REAR OF STORE. UPSTAIRS.
GEARY. 86 — Furnished room.
GEARY, 483 — 8 sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas range, running water two rooms; cen-
trally located.
GEARY. 620— Furnished rooms to let.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; *$1 50 to $6 wk.; readlng-rm.
GEARY. 1217— Nice furnished rooms; sunny
and all conveniences. -
7 r~_zz • "
GEARY, 1529— Large alcove room; $12.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 43»— Furnished rooms to
let.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 521— Furnished rooms to
let; reasonable. . *
GOLDEN GATE ave. 1126%— Furnished rooms '
$6 and $8.
GUERRERO, 1412%— Sunny furnished room,
suitable for a gentleman.
HAMPTON place, 15 — Nice rooms; central,
quiet; reasonable rates.
HAIGHT, near park — Furnished or unfur-
nished; three front rooms and bath; en suite
or separate; with use of kitchen or dinner
served; reasonable; references. S25 Eddy st.
HAIGHT. 218— Sunny furnished rooms to let;
no children.
HARRISON. 2917% — Furnished room to let."
HAYES, 136, corner Van Ness — Sunny bed-
room; suitable for a gentleman.
HAYES, 705, corner Webster— Furnished
rooms; gas and bath; $7.
HAYES, cor. Webster — Furnished rooms; run-
ning water; bath and gas.
HERMANN. 41%— Sunny furnished room.
HOWARD, 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HAMPTON place. 15— Nice rooms; central,
quiet; reasonable rates.
HOWARD, 70S — Furnished room to let
HOWARD, 720 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 73734 — Rooms to let
HOWARD, 935% — Nice sunny front rooms.
HOWARD. 1058— Nice light furnished rooms
for gentlemen; reasonable.
HOWARD. 122S— Room to let.
HOWARD. 1274, bet 8th and Oth— Single
sunny room, $5 per month.
HOWARD, 1322— Furnished rooms to let
HOTEL REGINA 416 Turk— Handsomely fur-
nished EUltes.
HAMPTON place, 15 — Nice rooms; central,
quiet; reasonable rates.
HARRISON, 748%. -near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1
week up.
HUNT. 8, near Third st. — Nice sunny front
room; $5; furnished. ¦ *
HYDE, 810. near Sutter — Large, sunny fur-
nished room; $7' a month.
HYDE. NW. corner North Point — i to S rooms;
fine marine view.
JESSIE 126 — Furnished rooms to let.
JESSIE. 315%, near Fourth— Furnished rooms
to let.
JESSIE, 322— Newly furnished, sunny front
room, men or women. $12; single $5; kflchen.
JESSIE, 362 — Furnished rooms to rent
JESSIE, 363 — Furnished rooms; $5 per month,
$1 25 week; east United States Mint
. ; g
JESSIE, S65 — Sunny room to let.
JESSIE, 305 — Furnished rooms to let
JESSIE. 542 — Sunny single furnished rooms; $5
month or $1 25 week.
JESSIE. 369, east U. 8. Mint— Furnished room,
$1 per week.
JESSIE. 4C5— Room to let.
JONES, 626 — Large sunny room; closet, hot
bath.
JONES. 628— Large furnished room, suitable
for one gentleman; centrally located.
JONES. 608 — Large, swell, front, sunny rooms;
rent very reasonable.
KEARNY, 305. cor. Bush — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms and bath, at reasonable rates.
LANGTON, 816— Sunny furnished room; %\
¦ week. ¦'- , . • • •
LARGE front room' with running water for
• gentleman only, •. Box 4041, ¦ Call office.
LARGE furnished ; alcove, room. Apply 1010%
Leavenworth at. . -
LARKIN, 804 — "¦ Light, : aunny rooms to let;
reasonable. ¦ -•
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny, back room.- 1 or 2 per-
sons.- $7; single room $5: housekeeping.
LEXINGTON ave. 114— Front room to let
MARKET, 737— A cozy small room, $10 month;
suitable for a gentleman. '
MARKET. 759— Newly furnished rooms; splen-
dld location;. up; to date and modern;' reas.
MARKET. 783%— Furnished room to let. : . ¦
MARKET. 816— Room- to let.. '.'.". " ""
MARKET. 865%— Elegant rooms. " " ' .
MARKET. 873— Furnished rooms. ,,. ' -.' . "¦
' MARKET. -806— Sunny room" to let. " ¦ -
BOOMS A3TD BOA£_,
A w?,? LECTEIX «ndepe^denT7u^I s Ved room
with every comfort and convenW c , a tS
f desired, in private family. Appi 7 \a d °^
In a leading apartment-house, box 4_5oT Cafi
FELL. 628 — Newly furnished front roo-_- mo a
ern conveniences; board If desired; private
HERMANN, 668. bet. Flllmore and Stetner— 1
Furnished room, with first-class board, far
respectable young man. • . •
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031. nr. Jefferson Park
— Sunny furnished rooms, bath, prlva-a
house. $23; two, $36 per month.
REASONABLE; references; ne^ ar.d clean-
private house; walking diatanca of Call. Bex
S756. Call office. *
SHOTWELL, 655 — Furnished room: first-class
board; for respectable young man; $5-$8 per
week.
BOARDERS wanted. 721 Harrison st.
ELLIS. 453 — Nicely furnished rooms, with
first-class board, or table board.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine fum.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new maaas.
FIRST. 325— Excellent table board, with large
sunny room. $5 week.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1223 — Boarders wanted.
HAIGHT. near park— Furnished or unfur-
nished: three front rooms and bath: en suita
or separate: with use of kitchen or dinner
served: reasonable; references. 325 Eddy st.
HOWARD. S41A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$tS wk.; American family.
JONES. 1428— Furnished room, wita board^
desirable location: gentlemen preferred.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary — Room- and board
reasonable.
McAI-USTER. 1822— Rcoins and board.
NICELY furnished rooms; running water: good
board; reasonable: warm belt. 038 Valencia.
NICE largo room for rent, wit- or without
board. 320 Sixth fit.
O'FARRELL. 623— Table boarders waatsdi
home cooking.
O'FARRELL. 1203 — Elegant sunny Cront
rolm: first-clas- table.
' POST. 13C0 — First-class rooms and board.
ROOM and bean}, near Park: two meals; $20.
Address box 4417. C3ll office.
ROOM and board for two working boys or
students. 12SV) California St.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
807 California — See rocms. learn prices,try table.
TABLE board In private family. 613A Maaoa
St., near Sutter.
THE COMORA. C21 O'Farrell — Large grounds;
elegant rooms; superior table; billiard room-
TURK. 1159 — Nice single rcom for gentleman,
with table board: reasonable; fine location.
WANTED — Young man to room In private
family. €27 Turk st
CHEAPEST and be'st In America— Th* Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn ta •
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS AND BO-O-P WANTED.
WANTED — By a married couple. 2 or 3 rooms
for housekeeping, north of Market, east of
Taykr; give all particulars and price; ref-
erences exchanged. Address box 1596. 1063
Market at.
WE rent your rooms; hundreds of roomers
calling daily; don't delay seeing us. ROOM
RENTING ADVERTISERS. 117 Sutter St.;
phone Clay 99ti; ofc. In rear of store upstalra.
YOUNG lady would like to room la a Catholla
family. Box 3636. Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The. Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SEWing KACBrai^ ATO JSTPTPrarSS.
WE Invite the public to visit our new retail
office. V>15 Market at., where we are exhibit-
ing the finest collection of White Sewing
Machine Art Work and High Art White- Sew-
ing Machines ever shown in San Francisco.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.
'DOMESTIC? — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic efflce. 1021 Market st., near Slxti.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
irOTICE— French Laundry Workers* Union,
local No. 23 — The members are notified that
from August 15 on. the office of the col-
lector Is abolished. The dues ar» payable at
the office. 935 Market St.. room 8. every
evening from 8 to !>:30 o'clock.
P. JAYMOT. President
STORAGE AND WABE-IOTJSES.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse, G.G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43: tel South 750.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st;
phona Mint 2341; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
GISSLOW will store and move your furniture:
reasonable. 6C8 Larkin st. Phone East 743.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Pest and Powell sta.: tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. ;U«; Garten Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDHN West Storage: advances made. 840
Mission St.: tel. Howard 911. F W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storatco and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. -320 rilimore art. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Stcrasre Co., 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main IStO. Shipping at cut rates.
j CHEAPKST and best in America— The Weekly
1 Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn the-
United States or Canada one year for 91.
LEGAL gTO-TCXS. .
ANY one having bill against P. S. M___tng*a
saloon, 19% Fourth st., pleas* collect them
on or before August 17, 19CH.
DISSOLUTION OP PABTSEBSHIP.
TIf E undersigned. DANIEL. MAGEB and L. J.
McKINXON, heretofore doing business as
partners in the wholesale silk business at
San Francisco, Cat.-, under the firm name and
style of MAGEE & McKINNON, have this
c>ay dissolved partnership by mutual consent;
DANIEL MAGEE remains solo proprietor of
the business and L. J. McKINNON remains
with hlr;. as manager.
The late firm returns Its thanks to Its cus-
tomers for thetr past patronage and solicits a.
continuance of the same for DANIEX*
MAGEK. DANIEL STAGES.
U J. McKINNON.
Witness: A. COMTE. Jr.
August 12. A. D. 1004.
TYPE"WSITE_3 A2CD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriter Exchange. 506 California «t
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewrltlns Inspeo. Co.. 60S Market.
PEOPOSA13.
NOTICE is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2 o'clock p. m.. Monday.
September 12. 1904, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at th»
office of said board In the city of Phoenix,
Arizona, for the sale of ten bonds of tha
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20. Inclusive, bearing data
of January 1. 1904. due and payable Jan-
uary 1. 1954, bearing interest at the rate of
5 per cent (5%) per annum, optional after
twenty-flve years, issued by the Territory
cf Arizona. In accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
Legislative Assembly of sa'.d Territory, and
which act has been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds b*-
lng the second issue ot the loan authorized
by said act. Interest on said bonds will
be paid semi-annually on the first day of
January and July of each year, and both
principal and Interest payable In gold coir*
of the United States at the office of th»
Treasurer of said Territory. A certified
check of a responsible bank for 5 per cent
of the amount bid. payable to the order of
E. E. Kirkland. Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of this advertisement must accom-
pany each bid. Failure of bidder to maks
payment In full upon allotment and tender
of bonds will be considered a cancellation
of the bid and the forfeiture cf the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bonds." GEORGE E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
S-rCTTEBING AWD ST____tE_U3rO.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Neas and Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
' Melbourne In U. S.: private: established 3
years in 8. F. Tel. Mint 2R26 frcm 1 to 5 pm.
For Births, Marriages and Deaths See
Tase 47.BRIDE'S AGE IS FIFTY
Charles Tinker, a Venerable
and Wealthy Berkeleyite,
Secures License to Marry
OCTOGENARIAN
TO TIKE WIFE
Built on the Tyne, a floating coal
depot with a capacity of 12,000 tons has
arrived at Portsmouth, England, where
it will be used for coaling battleships
and cruisers.
The following is quoted by the
Gaulois from a French Government re
port: "To cut off his head Is the most
eerious insult that can be shown a
Cambodian; happily, this prejudice is
not shared by the other people of Indo-
China."
Siberian cities are In straits on ac
count of the war and the interrupted
import of commodities. Nikolaievsk, at
the mouth of the Amoor R5vpr, is out
cf oil, gas and tallow and pretty nearly
out of coal. Other and smaller towns
are in similar extremity, with the out
k.ok for their replenishing not so prom
ising as it might be. Night in those
towns and regions lasts all winter
when It sets In and lack of oil would be
a situation not to be thought of with
"anything like composure. War risks
on ehipments there in Hamburg and
London are 20 guineas per cent, the
underwriters still not thinking them
high enough. What little' business is
being done in war risks to Japanese
ports shows no advance in rates, the
* (situation In that country as to pro
visioning being comparatively favor
able—In fact, about as good as It is on
an average.— New York Tribune.
Hardship.-, of War.
OAKLAND. Aug. 13. — Sarah E.
Kirkland. an old woman living with
her husband In a tent in West Oak
land, has been placed in the detention
.ward of the Receiving Hospital on the
complaint of Charles Conlon. living at
Twenty-seventh end West streets.
who says that the woman chased his
little children, nourishing a butcher
lenife. He believes she is insane owing
to a lack of proper food.
Chases Small Children.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13. — Application
*ras made here to-day by Mrs. Eliz
abeth Johnson of 1713 Jones street,
San Francisco, to have her husband.
Thomas Johnson, declared legally
dead. He has not been heard from in
eeven years and Mrs. Johnson now
wants to be given property in his
name on Center street, near Third,
valued at $1200.
Wants Him Declared Dead.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: James
Coakley, over 21, and Josephine A.
Kottinger, over 18. both of Oakland;
Carmen de Lucia; 23, San Francisco,
and Theresa Bocca, 18, Oakland:
Frederick L. Ward, over 21, Oakland,
and Gertrude' L. Anderson, over 18,
Alameda; William Courant, 21, and
Mary Sanders, 19, both of San Lean
dro; Delon A. Alexander, 26, Lodi.
and Loretta Selleck, 22, King City;
John E. McKee, 25, San Francisco,
and May Flynn, 24, Oakland.
WEMMERS HAVE NO
USE FOR DIVORCE DECREE
Straggle Three Years for a Separation
and Now Want It Set
Aside.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— Caspar and
Louisa Wemmer have effected a recon
ciliation and to-day they petitioned
Judge S. P. Hall to set aside ah inter
locutory decree of divorce granted them
last June.
The Wemmers have had their trou
bles before the courts for the last three
years and succeeded a couple of
months ago in getting a divorce, which
they now want set aside. „
To protect the Liberty bell from fire
while at the World's Fair the Pennsyl
vania" commission has. erected track
ways from the rotunda or the PennsyU
vania building to the roadway below,
so that the bell may be taken from the
building, in short order.
By Zoe Green Radcliffc.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13. — Everybody
seems to be back In town again, and
such a happy looking crowd it is that
throngs the shop3 and thoroughfares.
Of course, there is a lot of shopping to
do, and the women are correspondingly
happy. What woman doesn't just love
to shoi>? The men— bless their hearts!
—have been so lonesome all summer
(of course they have), while their fami
lies have been away, that they gladly
"pungle" for all necessary shopping;
so everybody is pleased and we haven't
begun to realize yet that our poor old
noses are again at the grindstone of
e\ery-day life. For many, however,
the smart set in particular, the every
day grind is a merry one, and not until
patrician wives are worn to the quick
by a winter's madding whirl do they
heed the wearing effects of the social
mill.
But Just now tired nerves have been
rested and society's fair devotees are
ready for whatever of joy and pleasure
the seson may bring.
It is good, too, to see familiar faces
again, and many a pleasant little meet-
Ing takes place these days in the shops
and on the streets. Among the many
who have been away all summer and
are home again is Mrs. Fred Stolp,
looking as pretty and charming as
ever. Mrs. Charles Minor Goodall is
also back from Catalina, where she has
been spending a few delightful weeks.
The Horry Meeks were also at Cata
lina and returned last week.
Mrs. Charles Lovell spent the sum
mer at McCray's and has . returned
much benefited In health. Misses Lilla
and Phyllis Lovell became expert
s'wimmers while at McCray's, Phyllis
being especially daring.
Mrs. W. W. Crane and little Jean are
home from McCray's, where Mrs. Crane
was very popular.
The Q. A. Chases are still In the East,
but Miss Helen Chase is at home en
tertaining a few Eastern friends, Mrs.
Scovllle and her daughters. Misses
Helen and Mamie Scovllle.
Mrs. John J. Valentine Sr. is home
from the East. Miss Ethel Valentine
is still enioying a visit in the Santa
Cruz Mountains with Miss Fore.
Mrs. Paul Lohse's health has not
been good this summer and a few days
ago she went to Loa Gatos for an ln
definte stay, accompanied by her
daughter, Mrs. McClure.
Mrs. George W. Fisher, who has been
spending the greater part of the sum
mer in Mill Valley, is home again.
A pretty little wedding took place out
on Thirty-seventh street Wednesday
evening, at the residence of Mrs. E. H.
Noffsinger, when her daughter. Mis»
Virginia E. Noffsinger, became the
bride of Robert K. Wilson, a well-to
do business man of Los Angeles. In
addition to the relatives Just a few in
timate friends were present. The offi
ciating clergyman was Rev. Mr. Ry
land of Los Angeles, a warm personal
friend of the groom, who came up from
the southern city to tie the . nuptial
knot. Mr. Wilson " was also accom
panied by another friend, Mr. Parsells,
of Los Angeles. A brother of the bride,
Ernest Noffsinger, was best- man, and
Miss May Leiter was maid of honor.
The decoratiqns were extremely ar
tistic, the bridal bower being a graceful
Every . 1000 marriages mean an in
crease to the population of 6500 In Rus
sia, ,4000 In Scotland, .3600 in England,
3000 in the United States and 2700 in
France." ' *
OAKLAND. Aug. 13. — The will of
tte late John Rock, a Nile3 nursery
man, was filed for probate this after
noon end by its provisions an estate
valued at 120,000 Is bequeathed to his
two children, Florence E. and Theo
iflore H. Rock. Rock was divorced
from his wife, who Is now Mrs. S. B.
Efmith of S20B Geary street, San
Francisco. She was formerly Hortense
Btatler.
Leaves All to Children.
Neither the horse nor the buggy
was seriously damaged and when with
the help of some people in the neigh
borhood they were put on the road
again. Dr. Ritter was taken back to
San Jose for treatment- She suffered
intense pain during the long trip, but
did not complain. Upon arriving at
the home of relatives the broken
bones were set by local physicians.
Dr. Ritter Is now resting comfortably,
with no sign of internal complications
to prevent her recovery. She is so se
riously hurt, however, that she will be
unable to return to her lecture room
during the first half of the college
year.
In falling Dr. Ritter was thrown so
heavily against the* rocks in the creek
bod that her collar bone and ribs were
broken. The buggy fell upon her, too,
and kept her pinioned until Professor
Ritter went to her rescue.
The bumping of the shafts against
the animal only frightened it the
more, however, and suddenly jumping
to one side in its frenzy It turned the
buggy over an embankment into a
creek below. •
The accident of which Dr. Ritter is
the victim occurred yesterday while
she was driving in her carriage in
company with her husband. Professor
William -E. Ritter. professor of zo
olojry at the university. They were on
their way to the New Almaden quick
silver mines at the time, intending to
visit and inspect them.
While returning from the mines the
horse attached to their buggy became
unmanageable through a disarrange
ment of the harness. As they were
driving down hill at the time and had
no brake, Professor Ritter thought it
prudent to get out and hold the bug
gy back until the bottom of the can
yon was reached, leaving his wife to
drive the horse slowly.
Dr. Mary B. Ritter, lecturer on hy
giene at the University of California,
chairman of the committee on clubs
for women students and an active
worker in all university affairs, is ly
ing seriously hurt at the home of rela
ti%*es in San Jose as the result of a
runaway accident in the Santa Cruz
Mountains, near New Almaden. She
is suffering from a broken collar bone
and two broken ribs and it will be
months before she will be able to re
sume her work at the university. Her
condition is such that she cannot be
removed to her home in Berkeley.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Aug. 13.
Dr. Mary B. Uittcr Sustains
Many Serious Injuries
While Driving in Buggy
HORSE PLUNGES
INTO A CREEK
Height. 6 feet 4 inches; weight, 173
pounds; age. 20 years; sallow com
plexion; looks like an opium fiend;
smooth face, stoop shouldered, scar on
back of right hand from burn; wears
number 12 shoes; dressed in dark sack
nit. round cut, with black slouch hat.
MARTINEZ. Aug. 13.— "Slim" Kelly,
who was confined in the County Jail
fcere awaiting trial on a charge of steal-
Ing a horse and buggy from the late
Dr. Rider Powell, this morning made a
key from a tin plate, and, unlocking
the jail door, made his escape. He has
not yet been recaptured. Kelly was a
trusty and had ample opportunity t<»
manufacture the key.
Following is the description of the
escaped prisoner. O
rmso.vEi: makes ki:y from
TIN PLATE AN1> ESCAPES
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The Oakland New Century Club, al
ways alert and wide awake, is first in
the field with a notice of renewed
activity in its own particular field,
after a few weeks' rest. Cards are out
for its first at home of the season,
next Friday, from 2 to 6, being the time
named. The club's officers now are:
Mrs. Robert Watt, president; Mrs. A.
R. Guppy, vice president; Mrs. L. H.
Whltehouse, treasurer; Mrs. Harry
Lewis, recording 1 secretary, and Miss
J. P. Wheaton. corresponding secre
tary. Miss Wheaton, by the way, is the
club wit, and no meeting ever drags
when she Is present. Mrs. Watt, too.
has a droll humor, and altogether the
social meetings of the club are very
pleasant affairs.
A dainty Nile green chiffon over silk
of the same shade was worn by Miss
Leiter, who carried white carnations.
The' bride belongs to . an excellent
Southern family, who have recently
made their home in California, her
brother being W. A. Nuffsinger, a
prominent furniture dealer ot this city.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilson are spending
their honeymoon at Catalina and will
make their home In Los Angeles.
The bride, a very attractive girl, was
positively beautiful in her nuptial
white, a long veil falling over a fluffy
mass of white Bilk organdies and ivory
silk. The bridal bouquet was a shower
of white roses.
Mrs. Addie W. Morse, wife of Wil
liam S. Morse, one of the most prom
inent Masons of the State and for
many years superintendent of the Ma
sonic Cemetery in this city, died sud
denly yesterday of apoplexy at the
age of 70 years. Mrs. Morse, who
came to this city in January, 1856,
founded with her husband the Order
of the Eastern Star, she being the first
matron of Golden Gate Chapter, the
pioneer of the association In this
State, and her husband the first pa
tron. As a member of that order she
lived up to its teachings and in an
unostentatious way alleviated the dis
tress of many. The funeral service of
the order under the auspices of th«
chapter of which she was a member
will-be held at the receiving- vault in
the Masonic Cemetery and subse
quently her remains will be cremated.
*_ : , ; —j.
arch of pepper boughs and white car
nations.
Mrs. Addle \V. Morse Dead.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 13.
The Republican Congressional Com
mittee has appointed delegates to the
Congressional convention, which will be
held at Vallejo next Tuesday. The del
egates appointed will represent Contra
Costa and Solano counties and four As
sembly districts outside of Oakland.
Berkeley and Alameda.
The committee met in Judge Quinn's
courtroom this morning. Following are
the delegates named:
Contra Costa County— G. E. Milne,
Henry Lirenberg, W. McKlnnor T. B.
Pratt, R. Borland, W. S. Tinning, R. G.
Dean, W. H. Hough, V. Hook and John
Bermingham Jr.
Solano County, except Vallejo — W. L.
Crooks. J. Murphy, D. Frazier, U. R.
Thurber, Steve Little. William Pierce
and F. H. Clark.
Forty-ninth Assembly District, out
side of Oakland, William Fieldwick;
Fiftieth Assembly District, outside of
Oakland. D. M. Knowles; Fifty-first
Assembly District, outside of Oakland,
Frank Storer. G. H. Hans and J. H. W.
RJley; Fifty-second Assembly District,
outside of Oakland and Berkeley,
George D. Metcalf.
The delegates will leave this city at
8:30 a. m. Tuesday and will be taken to
the convention on a tug furnished by
the committee. x
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Aug. 13.— When the schoon
er Americana sailed from Port Town
send on May 9 for Osaka she carried
away as sailors three shanghaied log
gers, and one of them, James Mc-
Dougall, returned to-day on the steam
ship Lyrla. On May 8 he went to Port
Townsend with J94 savings, of which
he spent $8. Then he drank something
In a saloon, and when he awakened he
was on the deck of the Americana and
penniless.
Fifty-eight days on the ocean made
him and his three lubber companions
thoroughly homesick. The officers and
experienced seamen abused them. The
captain tied them to a mast during a
storm. McDougall says fighting and
beating was their lot all the way over.
On the Fourth of July a big fight oc
curred, and half of the crew was laid
out for a day. One of the loggers was
drugged at Port Townsend and nearly
died. His companions went to Manila,
but McDougall turned back at Shang
hai, going to Kobe and there taking
passage on the Lyria, There he was ac
companied by the Amerlcana's second
officer, who was also disgusted with the
conditions aboard her.
The country's locomotives number
41,000. of which 10,000 are equipped for
passenger service.
•Six children survive her: Mrs. Frank
S. Ingalls of Phoenix, Ariz.; Mrs. E. D.
Kneass of Vallejo; Mrs. L. Lundstrom
of this city; Mrs. -Frank D. Hardie of
Belmont. N. Walter Spaulding of San
Francisco and Edward W. Spaulding
of this city.
Out of respect to the memory of de
ceased the box luncheon, which was to
have been given by the Woman's Alli
ance of the First Unitarian Church, of
which society Mrs. Spaulding was
president, has been indefinitely post-
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— Surviving her
husband by only a few weeks, Mrs.
Mary Theresa Spaulding, widow of
former Mayor N. W. Spaulding, died
at her home at 666 Twenty-fifth street
this morning, surrounded by her fam
ily. Since the death of her husband,
who died while on a trip East', Mrs.
Spaulding failed rapidly. She was 66
years of age, and a native of Kentucky.
She will be burled Monday at 2 p. m.
from the First Unitarian Church.
The Spauldings resided in this city
for the last forty years and were close
ly identified with its growth and ad
vancement. Last Tuesday Mrs. Spauld
ing was stricken and it Is believed her
death was due to heart disease. An
autopsy will be held.
At the inquest Dr. Watson refused to
testify and was fined $15 for contempt
cf court.
The funeral of Mrs. Watson was held
two days later. No inquest was held.
Mrs. Watson's life was insured for
$3u,000. On the day after the funeral
Dr. Watson left Xew London.
Mrs. Watson, who was 40 years old,'
was the daughter of Dr. J. J. Suter, a
prominent resident of Palmyra. Suter
demanded that the authorities make an
investigation of his daughter's death.
The result was the exhuming of Mrs.
Watson's body and the impaneling of a
Coroner's jury on July 28. Drs. Briggs,
Kinder and Hlldreth. together with
physicians from New London, Hannibal
and Palmyra, began an autopsy.
Dr. Watson was lying on the bridge,
unconscious. The body of Mrs. Watson
was found in the river. Her face was
partly under water.
Dr. Watson became conscious the
next day. He said that while driving
their horse had become frightened at a
piece of paper on the bridge. The doc
tor said he was rendered unconscious
when thrown from the buggy, as a re
sult of the horse* shying. He did not
know what happened to his wife, he
said.
Almost equaling it as a startling de
nouement was the statement of Drs.
Briggs and Hlldreth that Mrs. Watson
did not die from drowning or, internal
injuries. The three physicians, have
been here since the Inquest began mak
ing an examination of Mrs. Watson's
body and an analysis of the stomach.
Mrs. Watson's death followed a car
riage ride which she took with her hus
band. Dr. Jones Watson of New London,
on July 5. They started out together
early in the evening from their home,
and did not return. Friends, becoming
alarmed, started a search for them.
They found the carriage empty at the
side of a river, near a small bridge not
far from New London.
NEW LONDON. Mo., Aug. 13.— Dr.
Lilly, who. with Drs. Hlldreth and
Briggs of St. Louis, has been making a
chemical analysis of the stomach of
Mrs. Jones Watson of New London,
testified this morning that he had found
traces of morphine in Mrs. Watson's
stomach. Dr. Lilly's testimony caused
a great sensation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Th<4 strong opposition to the com
pulsory vaccination law which has
been shown since the opening of the
present school term has induced the
Board of Health to authorize Health
Officer von Adelung to prepare a
series of papers on vaccination for
general publication in the local press.
The papers will be examined by the
board and if approved will be pub
lished with its indorsement.
It is expected that these papers,
which will explain the benefit of vac
cination and its necessity, will tend to
remove the prejudice against the pres
ent State law. Dr. von Adelung said
at the meeting of the Board of Health
last night that he would undertake to
present the matter of vaccination from
a medical standpoint, but that he
would not make any attempt to dis
cuss the legal or moral phases of the
question.
Senator F. W. Leavitt is not In favor
of the present law and he says he will
take the matter up at the next meet
ing of the Legislature. Senator
Leavitt said to-day: "I believe that
the act requiring that all public school
children be vaccinated is wrong and
at the next session of the Legislature
I shall present a bill for the repeal of
this compulsory vaccination law."
Dr. Hubert N, Rowell, secretary of
the Berkeley Board of Health, made
the following statement regarding the
stand taken by that body: "The con
troversy regarding vaccination is per
ennial, and physicians of experience
have long since wearied of noticing
these temporary spasms of so-called
public opinion."
The opponents of the compulsory
vaccination law will hold a meeting
Monday evening in Hamilton Hall,
Thirteenth and Jefferson streets. Ad
dresses will be made by the Rev. J.
Stitt Wilson of Berkeley, Dr. W. Allen,
president of the Berkeley Board of
Education, and others.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 13.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— There were few
developments in the packers' strike to
day and it is not probable that there
will be any before Monday, when a
committee of retail dealers will call
upon Mayor Harrison and ask him to
act as mediator in the strike.
Chief of Police O'N'eiil and Police In
spector Hunt laid formal charges be
fore the Mayor to-day against Justice
John Fitzsrerald, who. It is asserted by
the police, has discharged the majority
erf the rioters brought before him no
matter how strong the evidence
against them misrht be.
¦ A_ yet none of the New York leaders
will admit this, but persons familiar
with the situation Bay the fact Is un
deniable. Starved out by long idleness
In the West, skilled butchers, dressers
ezid h_tp«rs are seeking employment as
ctrlke-bre&kers In the East. A carload
ef such men from Chicago is due here
to-morrow.
Enraged by what they regard as the
basest breach of faith and betrayal of
their fellow craftsmen, the New York
strikers and their sympathizers are
iTowing dally more sullen. Ever and
_x.cn, as they see big beef vans moving
off to make deliveries under heavy po
lice guard their spleen breaks all
bounds. Then follows one of the scenes
©f riotous disorder which are now of
almost hourly occurrence along First
fcvenue, In the packing-house district.
For the first time, to-day the crack
horsemen of the mounted police force
were called In as a factor in the pres
ent strike. All over the city New
Yorkers stared In surprise to see the
ratty riders of the Central Park squad,
familiar on well-kept drives and bridle
paths, cantering along in the wake of
huge loads of dressed beef or putting
epurs to their horses' flanks to repel
en &ss_u2t upon some grease-covered
negro driver.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— Gradually It
has dawned on the minds of the strik
inm New York butchers that the very
znen In sympathy with whoae griev
ances they struck are coming here by
scores from Chicago and other West
ern cities and taking the places they
have relinquished.
Special Dispatch to Tb« CsJL
Representatives to Leave
Oakland on a Tug Early
Next Tuesday Morning
With Families Starving in
the West, They Are Ready
for Any Position Offered
One, Who Escaped, Says
Cruelty Was Heaped Upon
Them During the Voyage
Physicians Supply a Sensa
tional Sequel to a Sup
posed Runaway Tragedy
SURVIVES HER
HUSBAND ONLY
A FEW WEEKS
MORPHINE IS FOUND
ARRIVING BY SCORES
Senator F. W. Leavitt to In
troduce a Bill I Repealing
the Compulsory Measure
FIGHT OVER STATE LAW
ALL BADLY TREATED
WILL MEET AT VALLEJO
Three Men Are Drugged and
Carried to foreign Port on
the Schooner Americana
Republican Congressional
Committee Appoints Men
Who Will Choose Nominee
Board of Health Authorizes
Preparation, of Popular
Papers on Vaccination
Mrs. Jones Watson's Death
Not Due to Accident, as
Claimed by Her Husband
Chicago Butchers Are Said
to Be Replacing Union
• Men in New York Plants
ROUGH TIME
FOR RAW TARS
PICK DELEGATES
TO CONVENTION
POISON KILLS
DOCTOR'S WIFE
WILL EDUCATE
THE COMMUNITY
STRIKERS TAKE
STRIKERS' JOBS
SATURDAY, Aug. 13—12 m.
• -..":¦ Bid. Ask. | Bld.Aak.
Alpha 11 lSlJustlee 12 13
Alta 11 13JKentuck 01 C3
Andes 22 23iKeyes Graes.. — 1 2»
Belcher 21 22JLady Wash ..03 04
Best & Belch. 72 75; Mexican 86 87
Bullion ...'... 31 C2i Occidental .... So 83
Caledonia ... 47 4S|Ophlr 2 40 2 »>
Challenge Con 21 23| Overman 13 - It
Chollar 15 161 Potosl 17 IX
Confidence ... 70 75! Scorpion 00 10
Con C ft Va.l 15 1 20! Savage 2S 2«
Con Imperial. 01 02|Seff Belcher .. Ofl 07
Con NY 03 05i Sierra Nev .. 23 21
Crown Point. 15 17J SUver HH1 ..52 53
East Sierra N 03 05. St Louis .... 10 LI
Eureka Con.. — - 60t Syndicate .... — Ol
Exchequer .. 64 -Mil Union Con -.28 28
Gould A Cur. 23 25! Utah 10 It
Hale & Norc. «0 71[Yellow Jacket. 20 21
Julia 13 111
TONOPAH MINE3.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Adams Gold.. 08 — |Ray Exten .. — C9
Colehan — C5 Ray & O'Brien 00 —
Columbia .... 20 21|Ray Tonopah.. — 10
Eeperanza ... 02 «!|Red Top 10 11
Gold Anchor.. — 2«l Rescue 06 V>
Goldflelds B.. 15 — ITon Belmont.. 68 es
GoMfield3 Nev 90 1 0O|Ton & Cal 15 20
Goldfleld M... 15 301 Ton Exten .. 9& —
Oold M Con. 01 C2|Ton Fraction.. 25 —
Jim Butler... 60 MTonftGW.. 02 07
LJttl* Ton .. — «r>!Ton Gold M. 1» —
Lucky Tom .. — O.VTon Midway.. 47 49
MacNamnra . 4O 411 Ton of Nev. 8 00 S 12t^
MlzpaK Ex .. 2O — (Ton N Star.. 23 23
Mont Ton..2 40 2 42HlTon A Salt L 50 —
N Y Ton .... 0?. — | United Tnn . . 07 0!»
Paymaster ... 03 — (West End ..• — » 21
Quincy 11 — 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Continued from Page 33.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
The largest appropriation for good
roads was that made at the last session
of the New York Legislature. It was
a million and a half.
The Poland tunnel, 8071 feet long, be
tween the Agua Frla and Lynx Creek
valleys of Arizona, has been completed.
It Is for the purposes of private mining
development.
At eighty years of age there Is still a
vulnerable spot In the heart of Charles
Tinker, a man of wealth and retired
manufacturer. He Is to be married to
morrow to Mrs. Ada C. Bootes, a
widow, who Is thirty years Tinker's
junior.
The ceremony will take place at
the home of the bride at 2536 Ban
croft way. That Is all anybody
knows about It, though, because nei
ther of the principals will discuss the
affair, which will be rather quiet, with
only relatives for witnesses.
The groom used to be a manufac
turer in Ohio. When he retired from
business he came to Berkeley and was
one of the guests at Mrs. Bootes'
boarding-house. The association was
a pleasant one and led to a proposal of
marriage. Mrs. Bootes is 50 years old.
according to the marriage license is
sued to-day, and has a son and a
daughter.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center- Street, August 13.
Retired Manufacturer Will
To-Morrow Wed Proprie
tor of His Boarding-House
47
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKIiAND.
, 1018 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street
Telephone North 17.
, AIjAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Uwueo
yesterday: ¦ .
Joseph C. Searles 23. 129 Eddy street.. and
Maude King 21. 129 Eddy street.
Ellas HJeibak, 25, 658 V* Stevenson street,
and Johanne Karlsdatter. 21. 558% Stevenson
Hans W. Krohr.. 21. 1655 Baker street and
Hilda UUman. 18. 341% Fourth avenue. I
Patrick J. Campbell. 34. 134 Parker avenue,
and Elizabeth B. McGarey. 24, 1746 Mission St.
Ray J. Knight, 23. 2SCS Twenty-second
street and Anna E. Feehan. 20. 217 Mason st.
Leon F. Bellhes, 21. 1914 Green street, and
Amelle Lhote. 20, ¦ 1613 Leavenworth "treet.
James Mosconi. 27, 1218A N street. South
San Francisco, and Addle Hovlous, 24, Purls-
Richard Engh 26 280 Seventh street, *nd
Liz7le Ulsaker. 20. 230 Seventh street. -
Giovanni Malatesta, 22, 1328 Dupont street,
and Clorinda Ca«ella. 18, 1328 Dupont street.
John G. Hausler. 67. Scabrlght. and Martha
'Charles E.'Burress. 41, Red Bluff, and Emma
Blackburn. 28, Red Bluff.
James I. Quarmby. 36, city, ana Josephine
Johnson. 28. D«nver.
Frank Carly 24. Redwood City, and Elena
Angellni. 24. Redwood City.
BIBTHS—MARPJASES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
BEADLE— In this city, to the wife of George
S. Beadle, a daughter. . '
BRILLIANT— In this city. August 11. 1904. to
the wife of Isaac Brilliant, a daughter.
CARROLL— In this city. July 30. 1904. to the
wife of William P. Carroll, a son.
EGAN— In this city. August 13, 1904. to the
wife of Eugene P. Egan (nee
a daughter.
ERICKSON— In this city. July 15, 1904. to the
wife ot Victor Erickson, a son.
JONES— In this city, August 8. 1904, to the
wife of W. Ernest J^ones. a eon.
KNACKE— In this city, August 4. 1904. to the
wife of George F. Knacke, a daughter.
MICHELSEN— In this city. August 2. 1904, to
the wife of Charles Mlchelsen. a son.
MILLER — In this city, August 7. 1804. to the
wife of George P. Miller, a daughter.
PETERSON— In this city. August 11, 1904. to
the wife of L. Peterson, a son.
SCHOMER— In this city. August 6. 1904. to
the wife of George Scbomer. a daughter.
YSUNZA— In Oakland, to the wife of J. A.
YEunza. a son.
MARRIED.
ANDERSDJt-KNOWNBURG— In this city,
August 15T 1904. by the Rev. Father J. J.
Hennessey Roy R. Anderson and Loretta M.
Knownburg. both of this city.
HOLMES — OGLESBY— In this city. August 4,
1904, by the Rev., John A. Emery, arch.
deacon of California. Melville P. Holmes and
Anna Irene Oglesby,
HOLLNAGEL— BUCHHOLZ— In this city.
August 6, 190* by the R«v. J. Fu«nd«ling.
Rudolph C. W. Hollnagel and Anna Buch-
holz.
HULT— WREDE — In this city, August 8. 1904,
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, David B. Hull
and Annie Wrede.
HUNT— TODT— In this city. August 9. 1904.
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Walter L. Hunt
and Anna Todt.
RYAN— RUSTEMEYER— In Redwood City,
Cal., May 28. 1904. by Justice of the Peace
James Hannon, George T. Ryan and Isabel
Rustcmeyer.
_ _____ ______
Barry, Patrick Kllleen, Michael
Burner Bertha Knipe, Frederick A.
Carney Lawrence Leikens. Mathlld*
Cashman, Ellen McClure. Hanorah A.
Cooper William McDonough. Lawrence
Dlneseh. May to Moses, Addle W.
Doran, Richard L. Neeb, Henry
Drummond. Agnes C. Shine. Cornelius G.
Fahlbusch. Florence SUva. John J.
Fitzgerald' Loretta Siml. Giuseppe •
Harris, Juanita Spaulding, Mary T.
Kavanagh, George H. Stuart, Julia P.
Kendall. Richard B. Wilson, Joseph H.
BARRY — In this city. August 12. 1904.
Patrick, beloved husband of the late Bridget
Barry, and father of William, James, Inga-
tius. Annie and the late Edward Barry and
Mrs tieorgo Reynolds and Mrs. Charles
Meyers, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years
4 month;' and 8 days. A member of Gas
Workers' Union No, 0340.
ICyKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, which
will take place to-day (Sunday), at 12
o'clock, from the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street,
thence to St. I'a trick's Church for services
at 12:30 p. m. Interment Holy Crow Cem-
etery.
BURNER— In this city. August 13 1904. Ber-
tha, dearly beloved daughter of George W.
and Sarah E. Burner, and sister of Henry.
George. Herman, Sadie, Arthur and Elsie
Burner, Mrs. Loda Moore and Mrs. Lora
Kock, a native of Shasta County, aged 24
years 0 months and 7 days. . -
CARNEY— In thla city. August '¦ 12. 1904,
. Lawrence, beloved husband of the late Jan*
Carney, and father of Mrs. Edward Healy
and John L. Carney, a native of Ballyhaunls,
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 77 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the parlors
'' of • McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
1 p." m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
CASHMAN— In this city. 1 August 13 1P04.
Ellen Cashman, beloved mother of- Mrs.
Florence Driscoll. a native of the parish of
Klllarney, County Kerry.. Ireland, aged 73
-.years. (Boston papers please copy.)
|C7*Friends and acquaintance^ are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
a. m.. at St. Charles Borromeo's Church.
MOSES— Addle. W. Moses, wife of William
S. Moses.
C7 Brother Free Masons and members of
the Order of the Eastern Star ara Invited
to attend the funeral on Monday. August
IS. under the auspices of Golden Gate Chap-
ter No. 1, O. E. a. at the vault la Masonic
Cemetery, at 2:30 p. m.
NEEB— In this city. August 12. 1904.- Henry,
dearly beloved husband of Augusta Neeb.
and devoted father of Henry Jr.. William.
Charles and Fred Neeb. Mrs. Elizabeth
Carrel. Mrs. T. F. Laberty and the lata
Mrs. Annie Labatard. a native »f Hessen.
Darmstadt, Germany, aged 70 years 10
months and 27 days.
C7"Frlends and" acquaintances are respect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). August 14. at 1 p. ro.. from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SHINE— In tMs city, August 11. 1904. Cor-
nelius G.. beloved husband of Mary Shine,
and lovintr father of Philip B.. Henry C.
Th-rt'sa, Margaret and Etta Shin*, aged «l
years 11 months and 15 days.
E7The funeral wlU take plac» Sunday.
August 14. at 12:30 p. m.. from his lat«
residence. 1164 Eddy street, thence to St.
Mary"s Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Crosa Cemetery.
SILVA— In Oakland. August 12, 190*. John
JaqtUn, dearly beloved husband of Constanda
Sllva. and father of Mrs. Mary J. Betten-
court and John B., Francis and Isabell SUva.
a nattv* of Funchal. Madeira Island, ag:d
62 years 5 months and 28 day*.
C7Frien.is and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. August 14 1904. at the family resi-
dence. 1065 East Nineteenth street. Oakland.
Interment Evergreen Cemetery.
SIMI— la Healdsburg. August 13. 1904.
Giuseppe Siml. beloved husband of Nirolletta
Stml. loving father of Louis F.. Isabelle and
Elvera Stml. and dearly beloved brother of
the late P. Stmi. a native of Lucca, Italy,
aged 81 years.
SPAULDING— In Oakland. August 13, 1904 at
her residence, 666A Twenty-fifth street, Mary
Theressa, widow of N. W. Spaulding. an<!
beloved mother of Mrs. Frank S. Ingalls of
Phoenix. Ariz.. Mrs. E. D. Kneaaa of
Vallejo. Cal.. Mm. N. Lundstrum of Oak-
land. Mrs. Frank D. Hardie of Belmont. N.
Walter Spaulding of San Francisco and Ed-
ward W. Spaulding, a native of Kentucky,
aged 66 years.
STUART— In this city August 13 1904. Julia
P., beloved daughter of Charles W. and
Julia Stuart, a native of San Francisco,
aged 14 days.
WILSON— In this city, August 13. 1904. Joseph
II. Wilson, a native of Massachusetts, aged
CC years 7 months and 13 days.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank our many friend's for
the beautiful floral offerings, sympathy anl
kindness In our late bereavement of my
daughter and our stster.
MRS. COTTER AJTD FAMrLT.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagaa ft Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMSR3.
20 Fifth *t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
——Funeral Director* and Emhalmers .
Formerly la Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 1ST.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Firth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rate*.
James McGinn. Henry Hansea.
jam es mcginn a co..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalrner*— —
2U_Eddy st.; T»JL_ South 578.
F. J. Monahan, Manager. T»l. Mission 31,
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL. DIRECTOR3 AND EMBALMERS,
2339-2311 Mission St.. near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
(Monday) at 11 :30 a. m.. from her late resl-
dence 28 Hingold street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth street, tor services at
11:45 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COOPER— In this city August 13. 1004. Wil-
liam Cooper a native of Vermont, aged 79
years 8 month* and 17 days.
£3"»!en<Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 p. m., from the Masonic
Temple corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Pacific Lodge
No. 136. F. and A. M. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
DINESEN (nee Murphy)— In Brtceland, Bum-
boldt County July 31. 1904, May. dearly
beloved wife of J. N. Dinesen, devoted
daughter of James J. and Ada Murphy, and ¦
loving sister of Frank. John, Sadie. Louisa
and the late James Murphy and Mrs. Anlda
Joseph.
DORAN— Departed this life August 13. ISO*.
Richard L.. honored son of the late William
and Catherine Doran, and beloved brother
of Teresa Doran. Mrs. William Max-well. F.
E. and J. R Doran Mrs. James Watson
and Mrs. J. J. McLoughlin.
E7XotIce of funeral hereafter.
DRUMMOND— In Oakland. August 12. 1904.
Agnes Caroline Drummond. a native of Chi-
cago, 111., aged 30 years 3 months and 4
days
CTThe funeral will take placa to-day
(Sunday) at 10:30 a. m., from the parlors
of H. F." Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
FAHLBUSCH — In this city. August 13. 19O4.
Florence Ethel, beloved daughter of William
H. and Jennie Fahlbusch (nee Cook), sister
of Walter H. Fahlbusch, and granddaughter
of Mrs. Hannah Cook and Mrs. Minnie
Fahlbusch, a native ot San Francisco, aged
2 years 0 months and 10 days.
FITZGERALD— In this city. August 12. 1004.
Loretta. dearly beloved daughter of James
and Mary FiUgeraM, sister of James. Ed-
ward. Gertrude. Helen. Emmett, John and
Grace Fitzgerald, and granddaughter of the
late John and Eliza Cogger, a native of
San Francisco, aged S years 8 months and 5
days.
CTK-'Pids and acquaintances ant respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 p. rn.. from the residence
of her parents, 199 Elsie street, corner of
Eugenia avenue. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HARRIS— In this city. August 12. 1904.
Juanita, beloved daughter of Emerson and
Esttur Harris, and sister of William and
Hazel and the late Etta Harris, aged 3 years
8 months and 28 days.
C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
KAVANAGH— In this city. August 12. 1904.
George H. Kavanagh. beloved son of Eliza-
beth and the late George Kavanagb. and
brother of John F. and Katheiine Kavanagh
and Mrs. Eugene J. Bates, a native of San
' Francisco. (New York papers please copy.)
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
August 15 at 9:30 a. m.. from his lata resi-
dence. 18S0 Broadway, thence to St. Brlgld's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 10 a. m.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flower.
KENDALL— In this city. August 13 1904.
Richard B.. beloved husband of Susan Ken-
dall, and father of Mrs. Thomas Gourley
and the Misses Ida and Blanche Kendall, a
native of England, aged 67 years and 8
months.
ICT" Notice of funeral hereafter. -:. :.:;
KILLEEN— In this city. August 12. 1904.
Michael, beloved brother of Domlnick
Kllleen and John Kllleen of Claremorris.
County Mayo. Ireland, a native of Clare-
morris. County Mayo. Ireland. ag«d 63 rearsi.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 12:30 p. m., from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty £ Green. 1171 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 1 p. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KN1PE— In this city. August 13. 1904. Fred-
erick A., dearly beloved husband of Abble
F. Knipe. and beloved father of Mrs. W. F.
Buttle. Frederick T. and Benjamin F. Knlpe.
M"s. Richard K. Anderson and George II.
Knlpe, a native of Massachusetts, aged 71
years and 1 day.
C7Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-moirow
(Monday), at 11 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 2313 Twenty- fourth street, between
Vermont and Kansas. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
LEIKENS— In this city, August 13, 1904. Ma-
thllde. beloved wife of the late George
Leikens, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
John Pospich. Mrs. Frank Martlnovlch and
-Joseph Leikens of New York, a native of
Belfort. France, aged C3 years 10 months
and 12 days.
C7"Frien..ta and prqualntances ar« »*8pect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
August 16. 1904. at 8:30 a. m.. from the par-
lors of Valente. Marini & Co.. 1324 Stock-
ton street, thence to the Notre Dame des
Victoires (French) Church. Bush street, be-
tween Grant avenue and Stockton street,
where mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. ,
McCLURE— In this city. Auguat 12 1904.
¦Hanorah Ann Gabriel, beloved wife of
Michael McClure. loving mother of Gabriel
Rose McClure. and beloved daughter of Han-
orah Ann and the late Michael McCarthy,
a native of Virginia City. Nev.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 9:.*?0 a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 1513H Market street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 10 a. m. | In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem
Ugh mass .will be celebrated for the reposo
• of her soul on Tuesday. August 16. at St
- Joseph's Church, at 0 a. m. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
McDONOUGH— In this city. August 11. 1904.
Lawrence McDcnouch, a native of Ireland.
" aged 60 years. (Santa Barbara papers please
copy.) -. i
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect- <
fully Invited to attend th« funeral to-day
(Sunday). * at 12 o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence. 2041 Howard street, thence to St.
' Charles Borrotneo's Church. Eighteenth and
Shot well str-ets. for service* at 12:30 p. m.
Interment Holy Crons Cemetery. A solemn !
• high ma«a will t>* celebrated for the reposa
of his soul on Tuesday. August 16, at 9Nicaragua will assist in construct
ing a railway, line across her territory
as a substitute for the proposed isth
mian c&h&Ijhmhmh
The Prussian state railway system,
having 21,104 miles of track, earned
$140,000,000 net ia«t year. This is
«aid to be 10 to 12 per cent of the in
vestment. - --^^_
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED AUGUST 13.
Stmr Olympic*. Hansrrs, 5S hour* from Gray*
Harbor, with SIX). COO feet of lumber to E K
Wood Lumber Company.
DOMESTIC POUTS
ABERDEEN— Arrived 13th — Sc&r Loion,
hrnc* July 28.
Sailed— Scbx W F Jewett tor Saa Tranclace,
Asks Pay for Broken Bones.
H. Kalthoff yesterday began suit
against Marquand Hansen and Hans
C. Hansen, doing business as M. Han
sen & Co M for $25,000 damages for
personal injuries alleged to have been
sustained June 1 of this year. On that
date Kalthoff says he was run over
by one ; of the , firm's teams, driven by
G. >'A- McCall, * on ; Fourth street, , near
Bryant ; As a result of the collision
plaintiff says he suffered a broken col
lar bone and the fracture of his left
arm j and leg. '
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13. — The follow
ing Calif ornians are registered in New
York:
From San Francisco — Mrs. J. Hahf,
et the Normandie; F. Hodgkinson, at
the Continental; Captain R. Lawless,
at the Grand Union; J. R. Miller, at
the Normandie; Miss A. Schmidt, at
the Ashland; C. N. Thomas, at the
Everett; Miss L Connor, at the Victo
ria; S. Goldberg, at the Herald Square,
and M. Brooks and wife, at the Na
varre.
From Los Angeles — A. Lapgorth, at
the Broadway Central, and F. S. En
eign, at the New Amsterdam.
Many Sermons of yital Interest Will
Be Delivered by Able
Pulpit Orators.
The Rev. Henry Woods will preach
the sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass
this morning in St. Ignatius Church.
In the evening will be held the devo
tional exercises in preparation for the
jubilee of the immaculate concep
tion. There will be a sermon on "The
Blessed Virgin" by the Rev. Dionysius
Mahoney, solemn benediction and the
recitation of the jubilee prayer com
posed by Pius X in honor of the im
maculate conception.
At the First English Lutheran
Church this morning the sermon will
be on "The Sixth Sense"; evening,
"The Quest • of Happiness." Pastor,
Rev. E. Nelander.
Simpson Memorial Methodist Epis
copal Church— Morning, sermon by
the pastor; evening, "Choosing Your
Teachers." - Pastor, Rev. John
Stephens.
California-street Methodist Epis-
Races, Games and Other Amusements
Will Bo Provided for the Old
and Young.
The united lodges of the Order of
Hermann's Sons of San Francisco and
vicinity, ten in number, will hold their
annual picnic to-day at Shell Mound
Park.
There will be games and races for
the old and. young. A special feature
of the outing will be the singing con
test between Soehne Saengerbund and
the singing section of the West Berke
ley lodge. Boats .will leave ths city
every half hour. The following com
mittees will handle the event:
Arrangements— Julius Sievert, pres
ident; C. A. Zimmerman, secretary;
Carl W. ' Mueller,- 4 . treasurer; D. Vogt,'
J. Adjjjne. J. Jurigkind and ' W. Lau
terbach. Reception— J.' Adame,
chairman; J. Koch; H.^Hill, J. Bode,
A. Klietz, C. Kimme. Paul ? Steiner, f H.
Bone,; J. Steffan, H. Wrage, R. Duttke,
J. J. Schaef er, A. Kuehne and Jacob
Liutz, Floor— J. Jungkind, manager;
ORDER OF . HERMANN'S SONS
TO PICNIC AT SHELL MOUND
PERSONAL. .
Dr. C. A. Devlin of Vallejo is at the
Grand.
George W. Morse, a business man of
Boston, is at the Palace.
W. E. Marsh, a capitalist of New
York, is at the St. Francis.
D. J. McFall, a mining man of Ne
vada City, is at the Grand.
Fred Searls, a mining man of Ne
vada City, is at the Palace.
W. J.' and R. L. Douglass, mining
men of Nevada, are registered at the
Palace.
Reese Llewellyn, a well known
business man of Los Angeles, Is at the
Palace.
Louis A. Glass, manager "of the . tel
ephone company, has departed for the
north on business.
W. F. Knox of Sacramento is spend
ing a few days In this city and Is reg
istered at the Grand.
H. C. Hunter, who is attached to the
United States Geological Survey at
Washington, and G. C. Wagner, a
prominent business man of the' same
city, who came West by. way. of ¦ the
ccpal Church — Morning, "Christ, tha
Sen of Man"; evening, "Christ tn tha
Home," Pastor, ' Rev. Clarence Reed.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church
— The Rev. George W. White, pastor.
will preach at both services.
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church-— Morning, "Samson's Fall";
evening, "Mercy Abused." Pastor,
Rev. A. C. Bane.
Ep worth Methodist Episcopal Church
— Morning, "The Gospel Plowman and
His Qualifications"; evening. "Our An
swer to God." Pastor, Rev. P. A.
Keast.
Richmond Methodist Episcopal
Church — Morning, "Christ the Ideal
Man." by the pastor, Rev. E. D.
Raley; evening, Mrs. Buckwalter of
Africa will give a word picture of the
country.
Canadian Pacific Railway, arrived at
the Palace yesterday. Hunter has
been collecting: antiquities and will go
from here to the Yellowstone Park.
H. M. Gorham, son of Senator Gor
ham, is up from. Los Angeles and
staying at the St. Francis.
Congressman H. C. Gerber of Ohio
and his wife, who are making a pleas
ure trip through the West, are at the
Palace.
Congressman J.M. Griggs of Geor
gia, who has been touring the North
west, arrived here yesterday and is at
the Palace.
Count Limburg Sturim of Berlin, a
member of one of Germany's promi
nent and wealthy families and educa
tional commissioner from Germany to
the St. Louis Exposition, arrived here
yesterday and is a guest at the Pal
ace. He has come West. on a pleasure
trip and will visit the State University
to-day as the guest of President Ben
jamin Ide,. Wheeler. "
Fred Gessler, assistant; G. Willweber,
R. Fleck. W. Roller, A. A. Hagedorii
and F. Fernstahl. Bowling contest—
"W. Lauterbach, chairman; J. Till
mann, W. Rabe, J. G. Markert, J.
Niederost and J. Juergensen. Wheel of
fortune— David Vogt, chairman; J.
Pope, J. Hoehn, H. Peters, F. Vogt
laender, Mrs. W. Simon, Mrs. C. Sie
bert, Mrs. L. Schwartz, Mrs. D. Wede
kind, Mrs. F. Kohl, Mrs. M. Greve,
Mrs. B. Eger, Mrs. K. Brunecker.
Races and games will be under the
special direction of Ernst Wilkens
and ; Grand Secretary E. G. Bruegge.
PREACHERS ANNOUNCE TOPICS
FOR SUNDAY DISCOURSES
Each of x the two leading political
pcj-Ues will nominate ten Presidential
Klettors at its coming State Conven
tion at Santa. Cruz. The Republicans
may recognize Congressional districts
in the selections, yet every nominee on
the ticket will fce a candidate at large.
There is gossip that John F. Davis
Of Ami&dor and R. N. Bulla of Los An
geles will be nominated without refer
ence to district boundaries and one or
the other will probably head the
Uckct. Edward Sweeney of Shasta,
F. il. Smith of Alameda, Charles
Hammond of Lake, S. M. Shortridge
of San Francisco and J. O. Hayes of
tianta Clara may be placed on the
ticket." It seems to be settled that
.Senator Devlin of Sacramento will be
chosen for chairman of the conven
tion.
The Democratic State Convention
will meet at Santa Cruz, Monday. Au
grust 22, transact the business of the
session and probably adjourn before
the Republican delegates arrive in the
convention city. Popular interest in
the coming political events applies
chiefly to the Republican meeting, as
ibe Democrats are in such a hopeless
minority that politicians predict a
majority of 50,000 for Roosevelt in
California-
A determined effort will be made to
elect a solid Republican delegation to
represent California in Congress. The
only district that can be placed in the
doubtful column is the Fourth, which
lies wholly within the boundaries of
San Francisco. J. X. Gillette will
Etirely carry the First District by a
handsome majority. The able and
j.opular Duncan E. McKinlay of San
ta Rosa, whose long residence in the
district has made him familiar with
the voters of Sacramento, Sonoma,
Xapa, Mendocino, Glenn, Colusa,
Butte, Surter, Yuba, Yolo, Lake and
llarin, will receive the undivided sup
port of Republicans and also the eup
.port of very many Democratic mer
chants, farmers and workingmen. The
lolly of sending a Democrat to Wash
ington to represent the district has
been clearly demonstrated. Duncan
McKinlay in the House of Represent
atives would be able to accomplish
something of substantial benefit to the
great agricultural, mining, commer
cial and industrial Interests generally
of the Second District.
It is estimated that Roosevelt and
McKinlay will carry the district by
£000 majority. M. F. Cochrane of
Marin and Theodore Bell of Napa are
mentioned as aspirants for the Demo
cratic nomination.
In the Third District Joseph R.
Knowland. a man of high character
and splendid attainments, will head the
Republican ticket and be elected by an
overwhelming majority.
The Republicans are hopeful of suc
cess in the Fourth District. The con
vention to select a candidate will meet
jn this city on September 22.
The Fifth District is Republican and
there is an inclination in the party to
concede the nomination to Santa Clara
County. The convention will meet at
Santa Cruz on August 25 or 26. The
advisability of adjourning the conven
tion to San Jose will be discussed.
J: C. Needham will be re-elected in
the Sixth District. He has rendered ex
cellent and efficient service In Con
gress. The people of the district, irre
spective of party, know his worth.
The Seventh and Eighth districts are
safely Republican and the exciting con
tests" over the United States Eenator-
Fhip will largely increase the Repub
lican vote in the pouth.
. The Election Commissioners met yes
terday and declared the official result
of the return of votes cast in the re
cent primary elections. The total vote
cast was 18.141, of which the Republi
cans polled 9089, the Democrats 7339,
the Union Labor party 1439, the Social
ists 254 and the Prohibitionists 20.
The regular Republicans elected 211
delegates. The opposition elected six
teen delegates in the Thirty-fifth dis
trict, fourteen in. the Thirty-sixth and
in the Thirty-second elected Richard J.
Welch to the State Convention and
Robert Gordon to the local convention.
The Democratic delegates elected by
districts were:
Regular Democrats — Twenty-ninth,
12 delegates; Thirtieth, 13; Thirty-first,
12; Thirty-second, 11; Thirty-third, 8;
Thirty-fourth. 8%; Thirty-fifth, 9;
Thirty-ninth, 6; Fortieth, 6; Forty-sec
ond, 2; Forty-fourth, 9; total, 96%.
Democratic League — Twenty-eighth,
9 delegates; Thirty-fourth, %; Thirty-
Eixth, 10; Thirty-seventh, 10; Thirty
eighth.. 10; Thirty-ninth, 1; Forty-first,
7; Forty-second, 8; Forty-third, 8; For
ty-fifth, S; total. 71%. -; .; .
In the Thirty-ninth District, Seven
ty-third Precinct, the election officers
failed to rpake returns of the vote cast,
thereby defeating H. H. Eichoff (Reg.
Dem.) and electing Livingston Jenks,
Thomas Judge, James Quigley and
Daniel Curran of the Democratic
League with a tie vote of 112, and giv
ing each one-fourth of a vote in the
local convention.
The regular Union Labor) party elect
ed 202 delegates and the opposition in
the Thirty-ninth District elected seven
delegates.
The Oceanside Republican Club was
organized Friday night with eighty-
Eeven names on the rolL The officers
are "W. L. Harper, president;. R. H.
Farrell, vice president; J. Herzog, sec
retary; Al Lean, treasurer.
Folly of Sending Democrats
to' Represent California
Has Been Demonstrated
PEOSPECTS AEE BEIGHT
" Eepublicans Will Strive to
Elect Eight Members of
House of Eepresentatives
FIGHT TO WIN
CONGRESSMEN
4 ¦¦¦.-¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•.... ' ¦;.¦..>-¦..¦¦•¦¦„,= ¦¦¦*„
THE SAN^ FRANCISCO CAL£, SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1904.
48
IIALE'S. ¦ I HALE'S. | .,;,, HALE^S. 1 HALE'S. | UAL&S. j UAIJ2S.
Form the Keystone That Binds Together Another Series of Remarkable August Happenings.
:;'? '•: This has been a remarkable month. This will be a remarkable week. We don't need to comment on how busy we have been. Thousands- have noted it, and wondered and talked about
it, about what crowds there were" at Hale's, about what exceptional activity for August. V
Exceptional values are making it : It has taken months of hard, earnest work to gather these towels— so as to sell
m jA *MHHM| Mf- f> pr •— ' m ,m - M . -S^k
A V ¦ ' " t^ * IB ' B HI ' H Mf II H wk V Hmt'-A m00^^^
All (t\t 1 H^m I tmri^^ 9 \<z>n*%l p^rpc /^w^
- • /"mil* v/i i Alwlll UliUtI JT ¦ I; IWv<3 ?*'iwR
¦ (f^^^fe-L And yet keep the qualities up— as tho' full prices were in force. You can't help They will know what it means'when we say that hundreds of these towels are r^\J ||fk
jgj&^g^t^ feeling the strength of the movement. It's going to bring hundreds more in closer more than one-quarter under Hale's regular prices; that we fill all the tables in / f| g^
qISL-. touc ' 1 with the power of this organization, with the advantages to be gained by the bargain aisle with them ; put them in two big windows so you can see what r^r^ rfi Jgt
w7 t £*jT making Hale's your regular buying place. • values they are to-day. U %$jg3p
J&M I W Women know they buy better towels at Hale's all the time and pay less We don't know when lodging-house or hotel keepers have been appealed toYJ^f-^n a
II' r - — ¦¦:- money for theml They know that a quarter off Hale's regular prices is equal to a more directly, more forcibly. Remember the Knights Templar will be here in a Jg |i
«*^ half off some store's regular prices. little while now, and maybe your towel supply needs adding to. ®
120 Dozen 20x38 Linen , m Turkish Bath Towel at 24c
f~f 1 1CW TOWPK fiif" I^C •pfocvMP Unbleached, size 24x52. It has an extra heavy rough finish that will give a good
* * ***"«> AV#YV^ft4Z» "^ 4-fiV y G^vl i rub lt , s hard to find a better towel under 3OC> and remar kably unusual.
They're hemmed, firm, heavy qualitv, close weave, yet not too close to be absorb- ff&Q^^Jk Turkish Towel 45c: Bath Sheet $1.45*
ent; all white. Just because they are not even lengths and the maker was particular in <O J5J&rSu 1 i%^k^ e U n O e f fJSTa S Vo^'up g \%l? Z&^l&^&^T tho; '
having his regular stock run in even lengths, he let us have every one of these, so we can / 'xl \ \ mm. a splendid opportunity to get an exception- would be $2.00. Now 11.45.
sell them at 12c instead of 16c. One of the biggest values we ever had. /a1fMauor dtowel nearly half price. $1.00 values Turkish Towel at.Uc:
&& toWu4.»yp» Turk'sh T 1 t 1 1 C Bleached, aizo 19x38. 19x40 at 14a *2x45 at X3a
_3f7 V nad b e f °re. German make, damask pat- perfectly and is soft and nice after wash- **~ - «c H u*« *vw unojeaeaeu, »^o *-*•«. t> •# *y^
S^a> R terns, hemmed, and in a fine huck weave. ing. 18x36 at 14c; 20x38 at 16c. A D:^ \/ rt lin=k tr\r> DnrKaro ir-» X3^A it^Jk
wfi<eA I . t 2i\H?L lf ,»k re^ 1 c ar iXw wl! couldnt Huck Towd at i9 C - A Bl^ Value tor tf art) ers m 7^1^
Ml *> ; \ And another hemstitched damask towel. r }^ C .,7? A < C i*o ,^ «,. •>« •»• .» f\ tl rp f A 1"^ f / fe_ II \\
£31 °' sizes 19x39 21c Hemstitched one. size 18x36. Size 20x38 at a Him <^^l «n» /rir B TA I C~+ 41 4" par >"T 1 * sr% XT W^ I*|tJ D»
M^ C r\ Da^nask Towel at 22c: at 34c : 2<x ,s at esc LJSifTlc&SK "lOWelS BX tiaCll nS"^^
jCTi \ Size 22x46. Thia one has a drawn work All Linen Towel 1 6C : Z P^l iBffl^v^
w^{7 1 1* ' \ border, with neat fringe, plain white with It . a an i mpor ted weave, size 17x23. Sits You are accustomed to pay a half more usually. They have deep red borders. /£&/-5 1 \Wr^
"ff-v^y ' i \ a colored border. 22c. i<!t7r "S^c n\7* 20ris at . ... • . n-«. ¦ . ... t»T^A<^^f— OSJ*
I Ul Cotton Huck Towel 7c: Of course they are cotton, good /quality, 14x27 inches. They're good, not only for
TffI Hemmed, size iGxn4. size' 18x36 at 8c. Damask Towel at 1 4c : barbers, but for any one who has use for towels in large quantities and who wants j5/ 5*1
kS# lE»w These nave red borders. And an all white Size 18x36. white and colored borders; siza . c _,,_ mnna-.r - J^m
*** ¦¦» one. 18x36. at 10c 20x44 at 19o; 23x47 at 33c lo Save money. ""<P^
Go ?/iJp"" ks /^s^3 I rea^ Lace Opportunity
The kind that wear, that are /j^^^^^f^^^^M^ v^^^^^^PSf >^ S^^^^^^^S^ff^K Our New York office sends us thousands of yards of the most
made to use and to handle, and Jk^^^^^^sj^^^^^^^^ -^^^S^^^^^^^^^tL /*N ' ftSBjBaHMBMBBB|533 desirable laces, both for dres3 and underwear trimming, so we
You will have hard work to Bill!!!? v^ 'J . ¦^ sides bu >' in S lace for his underwear he could make a turn and" buy
oqual throughout the city under /^^S^^^S^SST ' ' «4&>'%< ;^' S^&jfeFJB&^Ste&Mffi*^ KS^sf*^***- extra laces to sell, but he found out his mistake. He had his hands
c/eats on the'^toS. Tlround f ?hS " #~&^^i^^ 6 i^^^^J^fflS&^^i a ?1° he had WhCn WC "^ WC W ° UW takC
tected with 26 breiss bumpers. " J^S *S t /f' A 'V p^"-^i'^-s'^^^^^^^^^ x Another big importer thought he was overstocked on black gal-
•Flat Top Trunk at $4.00: *v/ ~>- . •^ ~~~ v «fa^*-^ loon laces for dress trimming. He thought they weren't going to be
2S-lnch one. canvas covered. «».««. <v jt/r E*»^» J. f* «* *~ «, *J 'T\ J« «% 1 ** «• **¦£ '\Tr%n% popular. So he let us have a great lot of heavy silk laces at a frac-
brass lock-and a pair of etrong JfltLLinerV I O-JVlOrrOW • £ irSl KjranCL DlSpiay OJ JyeiV tion of their worth. Now the tide has turned and black' laces are
Etraps * _ . *«,*,w*w j w w going to xbe strong. See what benefits these mean to you.
Skirts Mflflp FreP IhO 1 1 T2(±€*fl\7=:ir{\=sW/ P51 f* rl It: ' s % ood t0 have six-store capacity and ability to pay cash.
Since we La^ the first af rdll IvCClUy "" LKJ ? V Wdl 1 i <X 13 B oth lots Tare out first time to-morrow. See the window full.
nounce e ment C tha? we wSuld'mSe The first opportunity to see what's what. * J ust idea here - You wiU S et morc than y° u expected to.
£ht your^orTna^skir? . A And to choose your new street hat from among thousands of beauties that have been hur- TJ nderwear T aceg £)..„ T r j m minaS
length we have been just as busy ried to us by express. : -' ,.„,, UHUCIWCdl LdLCb UlZbb 1 nmiTlingS
as we could be. Many stores would call it the "Opening of the New Ready-to-Wears. hot so with Males. g c yard; worth ioc and 15c: 5o yard; worth 15c:
aii^e^the'iiberam^f 'the 6 "- The fall season has already begun. Every day is an Opening Day. This is more. llf500 yards . Normandy. Vaien- seo yards black Escuriai lace tnm-
fer. Not only have they saved F h isn . t a first f ew scattering hats, scouts that are traveling ahead of the main fall season, but a ciennes and Point^ de Paris laces. f to S 2'^ lncS^wid^ScVrdf PeS *
liav'e^a^^otttn"!^ 82 £g aagnifiSnt^.h^ng^? hundreds of few styles, upon which fashion has sealed her approval. Nobby clean jdgny J to * nches; insertions to > Hj"
rience of an expert man tailor. C ut street hats.- Not experiments, but hats that are destined to set the style for fall and to be copied after, J » 5^,,' * T ,
S£wer m £"p&^!l? Kd hang for they come from the leading fashion makers in the East. Men who are sure their styles are correct be- ver and deslgns ihjnk laca^m-
you get in the skirt and the per- fore they make them, not correct for the minute, but correct tor tne season. O f the variety. 5c yard. squares, diamonds, ovals. 2 to 4
feet workmanship. We know you will be glad to come and see this splendid display to-morrow. We know g c d . worth aoc and 3SC . oc^f/^ *„,. „,,. , a «
skS^recfgSn^s^eJ.^ you will be glad' to hear thft it is not only "Show day," but also "Sale day." For we have 9 ° *™> J^J™?**?;^
that is necessary for you to do is marked a big lot of SSSS"to MI » d H P SSi5 i wi^ fe": le^nsf^an^iSfSons^T'mg
to buy your ordinary skirt length. ,_ _ r^« 1 W "» ' : '~a1 - A. d* "> *1 r V* tions to match; ever so many dainty dallions; ever so many styles and
g°od h s"d $«Tnt n " "" dress New Black HatS at $3.75 Bargain in Hats ffiSStr.c'^a."* "¦""""" jSffi '™ m 2 tt • tac6M wf<u - "=
Freelvuiridflv That Would Be Low Priced at $60 ° S? in 5 a wTdcw?" i7s ~ . „ — —. „
1 1 cc iTJL^iiuci^ Elegant styles, no two alike, so you can be sure of individu- a lot of neat I If»££)f L^ttYT $l\T\
An electric scalp treatment a lity. it's spice to lend zest to buying and start the fall season New Readv-to-Wears v w«.^ VWi lttU1 a^wwwwo^
with every Shampoo. with a rush. $6.oo black hats at $3.75. We ca ; gell at Q _ Of Last Week to Be Continued This.
No matter whether you want Many new shapes, many of the hats show touches of velvet, and Many worth ?20o> o5C Though hundreds of pairs of curtains were sold last wee& the
A SiScaS 2Z?2 S & ° r SSnfrtSKl'SSJ?^ reds Si fa?o?ulf«E^^ $£ t S« them «o-dav. No two stock is still big, comply ; new Ito» «t beb> bright oat
This electric scalp treatment is a inclusive prices.' T That's the motto that has made Hale's the busiest alike. It was a fortunate op- daily. 7000 pairs to start with. If we had sold twice as
wonderful cure for falling hair millinery store in San Francisco. It's the motto that will make us portunity for us. 1 hose who j ast k j t would have beeQ on j as a 8poon f u l o f
when applied scientifically, as our busier than ever this fall. It's the tone and individuality and charac- , share them before they are all J K llr w
expert does it. ter of each hat we are proudest of. Come to-morrow if you can. gone will be more fortunate. out Ot a bucket.
We want you to know it. know And remember you are as welcome to look as to buy.' 6 -A buch dainty patterns, such unusual values, we knew tliey wodd maica
what it is; we want to get you * ' a stir. They are going to make another stir this vreelc. Those who
i,^.^ 10^ t»^,,^h««- h o h 16^? 1 *' ~— ~~"~ haven't shared them and need new curtains should certainly see them.
terae«"of thS SilS hal? drSsI i-fc A*£.\r*JLi^\ '• -w * Maybe you are going to entertain Eastern friend* during the conclava,^
ingr parlor. So we are giving TSOCIIItITII I 1 .tiT fl YI5ICC u\ 15 Bright new curtains will freshen things up a lot, «>
you this scalp treatment free JDCdU III 1*1 WUL \S KXtDZJ m. M .,
with every shampoo to-morrow. • ,.,_.. \l\ P5 &h i JM / CT^ Pur^niVn I Tmtirtn/ii
On one condition. We want 'And Some Welcome News for Gift Seekers From Third Floor. J%^ ea ___L #^\ .DOC UnUSUal
Cnt No matter whom you want a gift f or or f or what occasion, cut §y^'W@^&Bg^m%$ : V^ 38 inches wide and 3 yards long, pretty pattern*, especially foa
pointed last week, we would ask glass is always appropriate. And here are prices within reach of J5r \ % basement or attic windows. See them to understand their tnxrraW
you to come as early as you can, everyone. . W0\ \W^^&^$M . ymg^ 7q c Curtains* Arabian Curtains $2.50 pair:
r%t ~C?ll a. A (- • It\American cut glass richly patterned deeply cut, so that m cer- \^ 'J B patterns> 2 ds long and 40 to In a novelty weav* wttt
r<|f>53 A-^C tain lights it. glitters with all the colors ot/ tne rainbow. 44 inches wide, in white or ecru. narrow corded design In the Ar*-
1 - F1WC *» 4JIIV ' V ' 1 T\J\* , _ " »«, «-. -, 'v»i' . strong yet lacy patterns. 75o pair. blan color: they maka toeaatlful
Big Enough for Double Beds. $5.00 Berry Bowl at $3.25 Th . e Famous ; Ever-Ready Curtains at $I pair . ZSgVZJs^tES" °* atota *-
Sue 72x90 inches. We want $500 j s what exc i us i ve 8t ores would charge. Is there any reason for ShlcId8 at 35c 10 patterns to choose from, splen- Curtains at $1.50 pair:
S«Sli«fnfrt^ l S r f« nd •« P»y m * that cxtra B °t come and see the bowl. Perfectly made Instcad of 60c palr . 3 1o^Tyards Vl^nr^rom^"to Eight patterns to choose fttmu to
unusualne SSo Of the^valu or your- J d d " & *"* Shields at 50c U^LTS&^Il^A^ SSS^SR
b^ chance Just as big if you t * «2.65: Instead of ,4.00. ' T5c r,air CU1 " tainS at $I " 25 **"'' n r T C ° aVen "° nal ""
dont. Think of your future ny get 12.25 for. Richly cut and Large shallow 8-inch ones with bud xnsteaa or 75c pair. Eight patterns, in white or ecra. all L ace Curtains $2 CO oalr *
needs. Size 81x90 at 50c. patterned, and such clear, perfect center, skillfully cut. • 3% yards long and from 43 to 54 me ai um tZc-a Jnrt»f*T, -o*.»»
PUlow Cases 12Uci Regularly IBe Klass. $1.36. It's bargain news every woman inches wide. All strong yet lacy a meanr n Pflc* * # f° r **^»,' r ttWn
hemstitched pffiow size 45x Bpoon T»ts $I.35i Equal to those U.B0 Celery Tray. $3.10: Should be $5.00. .... , .„ . patterns. $1.25 pair. dalntTSrSn 7or it
36; good g rad P e of muslin. Wlly.Ws. Of clear crystal glass. will welcome; as unusual as it is . c t j $ W : br^or^dtoSg-^m^ 0 !!^^
O^^rT— M o ;i ' unexpected, for what woman doesn't colorTh^ if-o 'pleasing. te or ecn, ,2.00 palT "^
V/lUer Dy /Hail Tx\7f\ OiKfinnC* Turn ReifA*ainVC know the Ever-ready dress shield and- J"^^' w^rh r V^ the" °ln- Brass Curtain Rods 7c:
If you live out of town. IWO K1DDOHS. ¦ 1 WO DargaiHS how good they are> They^protect tf^ue. To^on^nd" c/fny^effeff Dgt to tay V*, of the^
Maybe you need towels. You A t One New Price, 13c Yd. T JZt « Li 7.' Jh2^w f So5SS JuSL^S? n eaTb^used^a *SS
will hkely not have another such „, ... . -. , ,.',., . " «. the corset as well as the dress. We from? two?' them "m in the panel window; from 254 ta 4 feet wldel
chance again soon. Because you To cause a nbbon stir Monday, tor thejrre both ribbons you pu t in a drawing of one of them, so design. $3.75 pair. Tc
live out of town doesn't prevent wa nt and the price makes an opportunity you won't let pass. those who don't know them can sec
you shanncr it or any of these ¦ . m y
other values. Write. One's a 4-in. Moire: 13c The Other Z% -in. Taffeta: 13c how they look and how serviceable © O f&T /Mf
1® "lac" With a striped border; light blue. . they are. T Ten New j^ ffl
Aff^iWjZ^ fflLd^®4S5& turquoise, old rose and brown. lilac, pink, maize, cardinal and navy. They're made of good rubber. Those Fal1 Sha P es m /Sff /Off &&&* *5gSs&
J^^^^*Sk^^^j^^^ They have been selling at 19c and low priced at that. We want extra at COc a pair Instead of 75c aro ven- "HER LADYSHIP" /la/ — — —^^^^^
•^* -^SZ^jteesi O00m>»^^^ business in ribbons to-morrow. They're out at 13c a yard for the first tllated. The ones at 85c are not n f r cW? J*2l GOGDQ* 0^^
" ¦ - *— <-~^ time. Remember, we'll tie all bows free. sizes 3, 4. and 5 in each at each price! Q Uueen OJ Lorsns- <**^