The San Francisco Call.
Alcazar — "Sheridan."
California — "A Millionaire
Tramp."
Central— "A Buncn of Xer«."
Columbia — "Joseph Entangled."
Chutes— -Vaudeville.
Pitcher's — "The Whirl of the
T<ran."
Grand — "A Parisian Bomuet."
Orpnetun — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Tne Torreador."
Continued on Pace 3. Column 3.
SAN '. SEBASTIAN. Aug. 8.-— The
journey of .King Alfonso .to 'the open
exhibition , at . Vittoria . has been de
ferred; owing;to the; discovery of three
dynamite cartridges in the royal train.
; Experts * say the ; cartridges :»would
hav«s ; exploded v as - the .result of -A the
shaking of the . train . and would ; have
blown everything ; to atoms.^ . The • po
lice are making an investigation.
Discovery of Dynamite Cartridges in
¦ Royal Equipage • Causes Chanse
in Monarch's Plans.
HIGH EXPLOSIVES FOUND
IN KING ALFONSO'S TRAIN
Herald Publishing Company. ¦
GENSAN, Korea, Aug." 8.— The Rus
sians are gradually moving southward
"through Korea. Five hundred men,
with two guns, are now camped be
tween the forks of Tongheung River,
200 more are scattered through the vil
lages near by and more than 500 in
fantrymen are at Hamheung. All
travel northward by road Is .stopped.
The. Russians are constructing a road
passable for artillery through Machien
rien Pass, a high and difficult defile
south of Langchen.
A runner from the north reports that
an: additional .body, of mounted Rus
sians, numbering 200, arrived at SInpo,
a seaport, near Pukchen, where the
agent of the Korean Mail Steamship
Company has been arrested.
TOKIO, Aug. 9, 10 a. m.— A detach
ment of Cossacks to-day approached
Gensan, on • the east coast of Korea,
but retreated immediately.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1904, by the New York
Are Gradually Moving Southward
Along; the Eastern Coast.
RUSSIANS ACTIVE IN KOREA.'
War News Continued on Pose 2.
YAQCIS ROUTED AND
MANY PRISONERS TAKEN
HERMOSILLO. Mexico, Aug. 8.—Cap
tain Luis Barron and a force who, car
rying out the order of General Torres
to push the campaign against the
Yaquis in every quarter, have been
clearing the district back of Ures, have
Just returned to the capital with sixty
seven prisoners, one hundred stands of
arms and 10,000 rounds of ammunition,
having broken up a well-organized re
bellion in that section.
The Vaauis grave battle to the troops
end were completely routed and pur
sued to the place of refuge, where the
munitions of war were taken. As far
as possible the families of the warriors
mere gathered up and sent to Guaymas
with th«» prisoners, to be deported on
the next transport which leaves that
city
NEW ZEALAND SHAKEN
BY A HEAVY TEMBLOR
Public Buildings Are Seriously Dam
aged and l»rivate Firms Suffer
Bis Loss.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand, Aug.
9. — The heaviest earthquake that New
Zealand has experienced in many
years occurred to-day. Several public
buildings were seriously damaged and
private firms suffered heavy losses.
The shock was general on both sides.
Ho loss of life has been reported.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— Neat
"hand-me-down" American clothing
will hide from the public gaze the us
ually unadorned symmetry of the
Ygorrotes who will to-morrow pay
their respects to President Roosevelt.
Their traditional tribal nudity which
provoked so much discussion at the
Philippine exhibit at the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition will be veiled
during their stay at the capital.'¦:Al
though-representatives from St. Louis
said they left that City for Washing
ton with only a single cloth each, Col
onel C. R. Edwards, chief of insular
affairs of the War Department, de
clares they all willbe sufficiently clad.
Natives Who Are to Visit President
Will Appear in Up-to-Date
Clothes.
"HAND-ME-DOWNS" WILL V."
HIDE YGORROTES' SYMMETRY
CANANEA. Mexico, Aug. . 8.— Jesus
Herida, Ramon Gutierrez and Daniel
Rodriguez, three Mexican bandits, en
gaged in a desperate conflict over the
spoils from a stage hold-up. They were
discovered Saturday near Puerticitos
by a half-dozen rurales, who heard the
shots exchanged in the fight, which re
sulted in the death of Herida, the worst
of the outlaws.
The rurales came upon the outlaws in
the canyon where they were fighting
over the loot, just as Herida. had fallen.
Gutierrez and Rodriguez, knowing that
capture at the hands of the rurales
would mean death, turned upon the of
ficers and were shot down on the spot
where they had murdered .their com
panion a few minutes before. The kill
ing rids the border country of three of
Us toughest characters.
Three Bandits Are Discovered by Of
ficers and All Are Slain
in Attack.
ROBBERS RILLED WHILE -
FIGHTING OVER LOOT
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8. — Third As
sistant Secretary Peirce of the State
Department, who has investigated the
various charges against John Good
now. United States Consul General at
Shanghai, to-day gave a hearing to
George Curtiss, an attorney of Shang
hai, who has been most active against
Goodnow. Curtiss will later be given
another hearing. The department re
gards the evidence as entirely ex
parte.
- Assistant Secretary Peirce has
reached no decision as to what report
and recommendations regarding the
case he will make to the President. It
is understood that Curtiss purposes
carrying the case to the Department
of Justice when the State Department
has conclyded its investigation.
Official of State Department Takes
Testimony of Attorney Curtiss
of Shanghai.
PEIRCE HEARS EVIDENCE
AGAINST CONSUL GOODXOW
The great locomotive, with the boiler
free of the trucks, the cab and
gone, lies where it fell.
A quarter of a mile to the east, wher-3
this gorge of death debouched into tho
Fountain, lay the chair car, windows
gone, three-fourths filled with mud and
sand. A hundred feet farther on was
the smoker, bottom up, against a sand
bar. A hundred and fifty feet farther
in the 'bed of the Fountain was' the
coal tender of the engine, and fro.ti
that Dolnt , on f or , four . or five mile3
vestiges of the coaches, the engine and
tender stuck ud from the bed of the
stream or lay along the shore or en the
islands. Red plush seats of the smoker
were strewn along the stream. Brass
rails from the coaches were found in
the sand a half-mile from the. site of
the bridge, and pieces of the baggage
car stuck out of the water in several
places.
Bits of clothing — coats, skirts and
women's hats— were found in the
brush along the shore and the search
ers scanned the foliage for bodies.
Masses of earth had caved In from the
The end of the Pullman car Ashmere
extended four feet over the brink, .while
broken timbers and twisted rails hung
still farther over. The arroyo had been
widened to more than a hundred feet
at the point where the bridge had been.
The water tore a zigzag course across
the prairie to a depth of thirty feet in
several places. There was but little left
of the baggage car— a few rods, a truck
or so, dimly seen in the muddy water;
a, half-burled iron safe. /
. The baggage car, smoker and chair
car followed the locomotive into the
stream and were swept away. All of
the occupants of these cars save three
men perished, and had not the roof of
the chair car burst asunder none would
have escaped. The fireman as the loco
motive went over was thrown out, and
managing to grasp a piece of wreckage
from the bridge floated with that to a
curve made by the caving bank and
crept out of the water. He ran toward
Eden, meeting on the way Operator F.
M. Jones and his wife, who had already
started up the track. They had seen
the headlight of the approaching train
a minute before, and- then had wit
nessed it disappear with ominous sud
denness.
"Notify Pueblo," came the voice of
the running man. "The train's gone
down and everybody Is killed."
Even as he spoke, relates the oper
ator, there were cries coming from the
distance. The two men ran to where
the bridge had been to search, but in
vain, for victims of the disaster. "When
they reached the spot all cries for help
had ceased. " .
Relief trains with physicians. wreck-
Ing and piledriving outfits and scores
of workmen were hurried from the city.
The flrst train from the wreck came
In shortly after midnight, with J. M.
KHlin of Pueblo, whose escape was
miraculous; H. S. Gilbert, Tony Fisher
and Fireman Mayfleld. These were the
four men in the midst of the wreck who
escaped, I When dawn came the wonder
was that four had been permitted to
emerge from the raging torrent with
breath still in their bodies.
CURRENT'S AWFUL FORCE.
..i So', quietly had the catastrophe been
enacted that the occupants of the three
cars remaining . on the track did not
realize that an accident had occurred
until they alighted. from the train, and
they were utterly powerless to render
any assistance to the victims who had
disappeared in the rushing waters.
On the lookout for dajiger, warned
by the squally: clouds and heavy rains
to the north. Engineer Charles Hind
man was running cautiously;- about
fifteen miles an. hour/ as he approached
the arroyo, which was spanned by a
bridge ninety-six feet in length. The
condition of the bridge was not .known
until the locomotive, one of the mon
ster passenger, type, Had nearly
crossed. ¦ Fireman Frank Mayfleld, with
a large torch which the engineer and
fireman had been, using to ascertain
the condition of the track, . was in the
gangway. When Engineer Hindman
felt the tremor in the -. great machine
and caught a glimmer on. the water, he
shouted his last words, "put out that
torch," .evidently, thinking that in the
accident he felt certain was coming the
flames would serve to spread fire.
But, - before : Mayfleld could obey,
while the words were still on. the lips
of the doomed engineer and .his hand
was seeking the mechanism controlling
the "air brakes, the bridge gave way as
if it had been a stack of kindling wood
and - the > locomotive ;• dropped ' with the
hissing of steam through thirty feet of
flood to the bottom of the , arroyo,
crosswise to the track.
PUEBLO, Colo., Aug. 8.— The wreck
of the World's Fair flyer on the Denver
and Rio, Grande Railroad near Eden,
seven miles north of Pueblo, last even
ing, proves to have been one of the
most appalling railroad disasters in the
history . of. this country. . Two crowded
passenger cars and a bacg.ge car were
engulfed in the torrent that tore out
a trestle spanning . Steele's Hollow,
otherwise known as Dry. Creek, and.
so. far as known to-night, only three of
the occupants of those cars escaped
death. Fortunately, two sleepers and
a^diner, completing the train, remained
on the track at the «_dge of the abyss
and none of their occupants were killed
or. injured.
•How man perished probably will
never.be ."-•flnitely ascertained, for the
treacherous sands are drifting* over the
bodjes. - Search for the dead was begun
at midnight on an exter.sive scale and
was ..still, in progress to-night. All
corpses found were brought to Pueblo
and placed in four morgues here. At
id' /o'clock to-night eighty-seven
bodies had been recovered and of .these
fifty, had been identified. During the
day, bodies were recovered all the way
along Fountain River from the scene
of'the wreck to this city. At 1 o'clock
this afternoon two bodies were taken
from the stream at First street, Pueblo,
more than eight miles from the point
where the disaster occurred, and it- is
probable that some may be recovered
even -farther down stream.
None of the bodies are badly muti
lated and all are- in ' such condition
as to be recognizable. Many identi
fications have been made by articles
found on the bodies.
"ENGINEER DIES AT HIS POST.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. S. — Em
peror Nicholas has received the follow
ing dispatch from Viceroy Alexieff,
dated at Mukden, August 7:
"Telegrams received to-day from
Port Arthur and from the commander
of the squadron (Rear Admiral Wit
hoeft) state that the cruisers Bayan,
Askold, Pallada and Novik and some
gunboats steamed out of the harbor on
July 26 for the purpose of bombarding
the enemy's positions. They were at
tacked by the Japanese ; battleship
| Chinyen, the protected cruisers Chi
yoda, Itsukushima and Matsushima
and two second-class cruisers, with
thirty torpedo-boats.
"An eight-inch shell from the Bayan
burst in the stern of the Itsukushima,
placing that ship out of action. There
uponall the Japanese ships steered for
the open sea and at the same time the
Chiyoda I was damaged by a Russian
mine. As the Chiyoda was sinking b>
the head, she steered toward Talien
Bay. A shot from battery 22 damaged
a Japanese gunboat which was sighted.
"On July 27, in view of the Japanese
having taken the general offensive
against our land positions, the Bayan,
I Captain Reitzenstein; the battleship
Retvisan, the Pallada, Askold and No
vik, . the coast defense ¦ ships' Gremi
ashchi and Otvashni, the gunboat Gil
iak and twelve torpedo-boats, under the
command of Rear Admiral Leschin
sky, were ordered .to^suppqrt our right
flank, at the demand of Lieutenant
General Stoessel.
"Our ships, preceded by mine
dredges, steamed toward Lungantan,
whence they bombarded the Japanese
positions until 3 o'clock in the after
noon.
"On their return, which they effected
with the same precautions, a mine ex
ploded .underneath one of the dredges.
"Rear Admiral Withoeft estimated
that the enemy's naval forces off Port
Arthur on July 30 consisted of five bat
tleships, four armored cruisers, ten
other cruisers and forty-eight torpedo
craft."
"One lot was fed on leaves dipped
in a liquid to color them. Some of
the leaves the worms fed upon were
colored a slight red and the worms
nt«: them as they eat ordinary leaves
in a .natural condition. They grew
end developed as if fed on common
mulberry leaves. The general color of
their bodies became dark red and
blood extracted from them was of an
intense red. When cocoons were
formed a pink silk was reeled from
them. The entire cocoon was of a
beautiful red." /V-.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8. — Successful
experiments in feeding silkworms on
various colored substances so as to
produce variously colored silks is re
ported to the State Department by
John C. Covert, United States Consul
at Lyons. France. Consul Covert tells
cf his visit to the laboratory of Comte
and Levrat, where the experiments
have been caried on. He said:
"The object of their studies was to
discover, if possible, why some breeds
of silk worms produce white silk,
while others produce yellow or yellow
ish green silk. Their experiments
showed them that the natural coloring
matter of the cocoons was identical
with the coloring matter found in the
leaves. The experiments prove
that coloring matter introduced
into the intestines of the worm • by
means of food may under certain con
ditions reach the silk through the
blood.
Epeclal Dispatch to The CalL
"No. I will not throw up my posi
tion." he said, "at least until I am sure
that the money is mine. 1 have worked
up from deckhand by strict attention
to duty, and I am ambitious to go
higher. A sailor has no business to be
married, anyway, so I am careful
about answering all my mail."
At South Haven on Sunday the mate
of the Eastland was a magnet for all
feminine eyes, and his movements were
watched as closely as though he were
candidate for President. To-day- his
mail was filled v.ith letters, and he is
already tired of the burden of wealth.
CHICAGO. Aug. 8.— "A week ago I
¦was as poor as Job's turkey, and no
body looked at anything but my brass
buttons. To-day I am supposed to be
rich, and I Som up like a flashlight on
a pitchdark night."
In this simple language First Mate
Albert R. Jpff^rsqn of the steamship
Eastland, who inherited $500,000 by the
death of his grandfather, John Miller,
in San Francisco, describes the differ
ence th*> possession of money makes in
a person's standing. Letters are com
ing to him by the score since it was
announced he had inherited $800,000.
'The seclusion of the pilot-house is my
only safe retreat." said he.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JAPANESE^ REMOVING THEIR I
DEAD FROM WIRE-ENTANGLED I
HEIGHTS ON NANSHAN HILL,. I
Change ol Diet Al
ters the Hue oi
Cocoons.
Possession oi Riches
Destroys Peace
oi Sailor.
A second party farther down the
river found several persons entangled
in a mass of debris, thought to have
been part of the baggage car, which
was literally torn to pieces. In a short
time a large number of bodies were dug
out of the sand here. One woman was
completely buried, save one foot, wliich
stuck above the water. 'Some bodie3
were found lodged in the shrubbery
along the banks: others in the wreck
age in midstream, and many half bur
ied with only an arm or a bit of cloth
ing to reveal their whereabouts. It re
quired eight strong men to lift the wa
ter-soaked body of one woman to the
shore and a skirt and hat found on the
bank could scarcely be lifted with the
fingers of one hand.
• Many of the bodies were almost
naked, the clothing having been torn
completely off. Most of them were
slightly bruised, probably from the
first shock of. the wreck, but there was
little blood visible when they were re
moved from the stream. Without
doubt the great majority were drowned
like rats in a trap when the cars
plunged without a moment's warning
into the whirling water, thirty-five
feet deep, a hundred feet wide, ana
with a current strong enough to carry
thousands of pounds of weight nearly
a mile before subsiding.
THRONGS OF ANXIOUS SEEKERS.
When brought ashore the bodies were
placed on the ground and covered, but
persons who wished to look at them
were allowed to do so for the purpose
of identifying them. A baggage car
was kept running between the city and
the wreck, bringing in those who were
found. A number of wagons were final
ly pressed into service to haul the bod
ies to the tracks, leaving the searchers
free to continue the hunt for others.
Some searchers Worked all nlsht and
all day and never once thought of eat
ing or. resting.
Persons were constantly arriving and
anxiously inquiring for lost ones
known to have been on the train. By
9 o'clock this morning the plains were
dotted with vehicles, each with its load
of anxious seekers or the morbidly cu
rious. More than a thousand persons
were on the scene two hours before
noon and the roads in every direction
were crowded by others coming away.
The bodies recovered were identified
very slowly because many of them
were those of strangers here, who had
been to the fair at St. Louis and at
other Eastern points.
The walls of the so-called Dry Creek
are rugged. Irregular, caving ana
widened, but so narrow that it i3 al
most impossible to understand how the
great coaches, the baggage car and
tender could have been swept so far
Engineer Hindman was found, with
his watch still running, a few feet far
ther down the stream.
"While it was still dark, axes had
been used on the half buried car3 at
the junction of the creek with the
Fountain, and at daylight this work
was resumed on the smoking car.
which lay out in the Fountain, where
m«n were compelled to wade almost to
their waists to reach it.
The first corpses recovered were
those of Miss Irene Wright and little
Dorothy Johnson, the aister-ln-law
and daughter, respectively, of Harry
Johnson of Pueblo. An unknown wo
man lay beside them.
high Side? of the river at many places
and searchers passed these with the
fear that bodies were buried under
them which they were helpless to
reach.
Five hundred men scanned every
Inch of the river and Its surroundings
a few hours after daylight. They
waded in the stream and carried out
mud-begrimed bodies which were
found at widely separated points, some
of them miles from the scene of the ac
cident.
BRINGING OUT THE DEAD.
POPULAR STAFFORD STUDENT WHO
LOST HER'^TIFE . IN THE RXO I
*' "GRANDE TRAIN DISASTER.
HEIR TIRES
OF BURDEN
OF WEALTH
SILKWORMS
VICTIMIZED
BY SCIENCE
"The crime in question is one .to 'the
existence of which we largely owe .the^
existence of that spirit of lawlessness
which takes form in lynching. It is
a crime so revolting that the criminal
is not entitled to one particle of sym
pathy from any human being. It is
essential that the punishment for it
should be not only as certain, but as
swift as possible. The jury in this
case did their duty by recommending
the infliction, of the death penalty. It
is to be regretted. that we do not have
special provision for more summary
dealing with this type of cases. The
more we do, what in us lies to secure
certain and swift justice in dealing
with these cases the more effectively
do we work against the growth of that
lynching spirit, which is so full of evil
omen for this people, because it seeks
to avenge one Infamous crime by the
commission of another of equal In
famy. . - -
"The application is denied and the
sentence 'will 'be carried into ¦ execu
tion. THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
•'WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON,
Aug. 8. — The application for the com
mutation of the sentence of John W.
Burley is denied. This man
ted the most hideous crime known to
our laws and twice befpre he has com
mitted crimes of , a , similar though
les»-3K»-ribl»VT)h:mreter,-- -Tin", tixs '¦¦ judg
ment-" this is ao justification" whatever
for paying heed to the'allegations that
he is not of sound mind, allegations
made after the trial and conviction.
Nobody would pretend that there has
ever been any such, degree of mental
unsoundness shown as would make
people even consider sending him to an
asylum if he had not committed this
crime. Under such circumstances he
should certainly be esteemed " sane
enough to suffer the penalty forl;his
monstrous deed. I have scant sym
pathy with the plea of Insanity ad
vanced to save a man from the conse
quences of crime,, where unless the
crime had been committed it would
have been impossible to persuade any
reasonable authority to commit him to
an asylum as insane. Among the most
dangerous criminals, and especially
among those prone to commit . this
particular kind of offense, there are
plenty of a temper so fiendish or so
brutal as to be incompatible with any
other than a brutish order of intelli
gence; but these men are nevertheless
responsible for their acts, and nothing
more tends to encourage crime among
such men than the belief that through
the plea of insanity or any other plea
it is possible to escape paying the-just
penalty of their crimes.
CRIME IS REVOLTING. -.
In rejecting the application for the
commutation of Burley's sentence
President Roosevelt made the follow-,
ing memorandum:
REJECTS APPLICATION.
"An application was made to the
President to commute the sentence of
Burley to imprisonment for life, it be
ing alleged that the prisoner was of
mind so weak as to be irresponsible
for his crime. The subject was re
ferred to Attorney General Moody. He
investigated the case and reported to
the President to-day fully as to the
facts.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— President
Roosevelt has declined to interfere in
the case of John W. Burley, a negro,
confined in the jail of the District of
Columbia, under sentence of death for
the crime of criminal assault, the vic
tim having been a little girl four and
a half years old. The President has
directed that the sentence of the jury
be carried into effect on August 26,
as decreed.
Roosevelt Holds Mental Unsoundness Is
No Excuse for the Monstrous
Deed of Negro Burley.
Insanity Plea Does Not
Find Favor in Byes
of Executive.
President Refuses to
Commute Death
Sentence.
Viceroy Alexieff Reports Port Arthur Fight in Which
the Itsukushima, the Chiyoda and a Gunboat
Were Put Out of Action by Shells and Mines
FIEND MUST
HANG FOR
HIS CRIME
THREE JAPANESE WARSHIPS
DAMAGED IN NAVAL BATTLE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI—NO. 70.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1904.
Only Three Passengers in Forward Coaches of III* Fated
Rio Grande Train Survive Awful Plunge From
Weakened Bridge Into Flood^Swollen Torrent
BODIES OF EIGHTY-SEVEW
WRECK VICTIMS RECOVERED
* TEE W£ ATHEE. .
Sa» .Trxn Cisco /and vicinity —
Cloudy THwdaV/ po«»lbly «pri»-
Ves la 'the -xnoraiasr ; li^rht couth
driate.rcianriagr to brisk weet-
A. G. McAJJXX,
District Forecaster.CHEFU, Aug. 8.— It is reported
here upon reliable authority that eight
Russian warships participated in the
three days' fighting at Port Arthur the
week before last. Since these engage
ments the battleship Sevastopol and
the transport. Amur have undergone
repairs. •
Eight Slav Warships in Service.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 8.— To-morrow's
election promises to be the hottest pri
mary ever held In this city and county.
Kearly all the Republican caucuses to
name delegates in this city resulted in
rows, and • both sides have lined up
their forces to try and elect their ticket
to-morrow.
Both the Hayes and Mackenzie fac
tions of the Republican party have
named strong' tickets. The Legislative
ticket, consisting of three Assembly
men and a Senator, is the plum the
factions are fighting over, i
A hard- fight is being made to beat
Louis Oneal for renominatlon in: the
Thirty-first Senatorial District. Besides
the Legislative ticket, two : Superior
Court Judges and three Supervisors
are to be elected this fall. In the Dem
ocratic party but* little 'interest cen
ters in the primary;
Democrats Listless, but Mackenzie
and Hayes Prepare • for Fight \
*iii Primaries. -
TWO STRONG TICKETS
NAMED AT SAN JOSE
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 8.— The en
gineer, six men and three pilots belong
ing to the submarine boat Fulton have
arrived from the United States and are
engaged in preparing the boat for her
trials at Kronstadt. It is said that the
engineer was shadowed as far as Ber
lin by two Japanese spies.
Japanese Spies Follow Americans En
Route to Russia.
YANKEE CREW FOR THE FULTON.
While Russia has not abandoned her
claim to the right to sink neutral ves
sels carrying contraband of war, in
cases of "direct, necessity," it is safe to
say that no case will again arise.
If Great Britain still demands com
pensation for the ship because she was
sunk before being adjudged a legal
prize by the court of claims, oh the
ground of indignity, as indicated by
Premier Balfour's speech, there is
a strong belief here that both parties
will agree to send the case in contro
versy to TheWHague tribunal.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug./ 8.— The
case of the British steamship Knight
Commander will be reviewed bv a spe
cial admiralty court. On account of
the strong position taken in this case
by Great Britain, Russia has . agreed
that such a court shall determine the
question whether the vessel was a law
ful prize and Foreign Minister Lams
dorff has telegraphed to Viceroy Alex
ieff requesting that all documents on
which the prize court based its judg
ment be sent to St. Petersburg.
RUSSIA YIELDS TO BRITAIN.
Knight Commander Case to Be Re
viewed by a Special Court.
TVOMAN tnSES DIAMONDS.— Mrs. I_ TT.
Martin of 410 Post street reported to the
}'••;''• last night that she had lost a purse con
taining three diamond rinzs valu?d at $250.
The furse ua« lout on Market Btreet.
TOKIO, Aug. 8.— Frequent Invita
tions have been given the Russians In
Port Arthur by the Japanese to sur
render. These invitationa are not
mere formalities or sentimentalities.
They are purely on humanitarian
grounds, as the Japanese are desirous
of Inducing the fortress to yield be
fore being carried by assault. This
would prevent, they say, meaningless
sacrifice of human lives. However,
they maintain that if the Russians
persist in their defense of the fortress
their efforts will prove useless.
One of the newspapers here, a Gov
ernment organ, says that plans- have
been matured by which the fortress
will be razed with terrible slaughter
of Russians, but with comparative im
munity to the Japanese.
Would PrevAit Needless Sacrifice of
Life at Port Arthur.
JAPAN INVITES SURRENDER.
* TORONTO, Ont.. Aug. 8.— James Cox
Aikens. former Lieutenant Governor of
Manitoba and ex-Secretary of State for
Canada in Sir John MacDonald's ad
ministration, is dead, aged 81.
Former Canadian Official Dies.
LONDON, Aug. 8.— The first interna
tional boat race was sailed to-day from
Calais to Dover and was won by the
French boat Mercedes IV in one hour
and five minutes. An English boat was
Eecond and one from Belgium third.
There were twenty-two competitors.
Boat Race From Calais to Dover.
England, Not Satisfied With Explana
tion of Knight Commander Affair.
LONDON, Aug. 8.— In the House of
Commons to-day Premier Balfour, re
plying to a question on the subject,
said the British Government adhered
to its contention that there was no
adequate justification for the sinking
of the British steamship Knight Com
mander by the Vladivostok squadron.
The Premier made a general state
ment of the Government's views on
the Malacca and Knight Commander
incidents. He pointed out that the
Government's objection to the seizure
of the Malacca was based entirely on
the British contention that ships is
suing from the Black Sea under the
commercial flag of Russia were in
competent to transform themselves
Into cruisers.
"I confess," said Balfour, "that I
have not the smallest feeling of regret
that we did our best to meet the Rus
sian Government, who on their side
made no impracticable suggestions in
the matter. Regarding the Knight
Commander, she was sunk on the
ground that it was extremely difficult
to bring her into port and because, in
the opinion of the Russian officers,
she was carrying contraband. We ad
here to our opinion that these circum
stances, whether true or not, afford
no excuse for sinking a neutral ship."
CZAR MUST MAKE REPARATION.
RENO. New, Aug. 8.— George Red
ding., a negro, to-day attacked Mar
paret Flynn. a domestic employed by
Moritz Bcheeline, a banker of this city.
On the appearance of several men
the negro fled and hid in a barn, where
he was captured a few hours later and
rlacrd in jail, but threats of lynching
being made by many of the best citi
zens, the officp— became frightened and
quietly took their prisoner to Virginia
Cjty. where he was lodged in jaiL
Mob Threatens Lynching and the
Prisoner Is Removed to Safety
in Virginia City.
KEGRO MAKES ATTACK
ON" A RENO DOMESTIC
The fire broke out afresh this after
noon, but it was under control late to
hight. There were nineteen casualties
among the troops, who have now been
returned to their barracks. It is now
estimated that the losses are about
1400,000.
TOULON. France, Aug. 8.— The ar
ppnal fire completely destroyed the fa
.mcrus slips built by Vauban, when he
fortified the port In 1680, which were
the pride of the arsenal.
Blaze at French Post Consumes Struc
tures That Have Stood
Since 1680.
AKSFAWL FIRE DESTROYS
* SLIPS BUILT BY VACBAV
The Japanese made a final attempt
to break through the Russian line at
7 o'clock in the evening, but were re
pulsed and the Russians held all their
positions until nightfall, when they
retired on Haicheng.
The Red Cross agents worked
bravely all day under fire.
The Russians managed to disable
four other Japanese guns in* the course
of the day. The Voronezh Battalion
was thrown against the Japanese po
sition in the afternoon and got within
a twenty-yard range, under a fierce
fire, and then took the bayonet and
carried the Japanese position, but lost
half its men and was surrounded and
forced to retire. Later in the after
noon the remnants of the same bat
talion ambushed and almost wiped out
a Japanese battalion.
LIAOYANG. Aug. 8. — A correspond
ent of the Associated Press, who was
with the Third Battery throughout the
fighting at Simoucheng on July 31,
says a large battery on an early morn
ing battle forced two of the Russian
center companies to retire, but the
heavy artillery fire of the Russians,
together with a terrific crossfire from
the Irkutsk and Yenisei batteries, pre
vtnted the enemy capturing the va
cated position.
The Japanese, with several columns,
again tried to force the Russian center
at 10 o'clock, but the Russian bat
teries drove them back in confusion.
At noon the Kosloff Battalion at
tacked the Japanese positions in the
hills on the Russian left, under cover
of a heavy fire from the Third and
Fifth batteries. The Japanese met the
attack with shrapnel, but the Rus
sian artillery temporarily silenced the
Japanese fire and enabled the Kosloff
Battalion to carry the position. The
Japanese commander in chiefs head
quarters flag appeared on the left, but
the Japanese were driven back by the
fierce fire of the Third Battery and
the Saviski Battery, the commander of
which received a message of thanks
for his services.
In the meantime the Kosloff Bat
talion lost 50 per cent of its men and
called for reinforcements, which were
sent from the Irkutsk and Yenisei
hattalions, the men fighting their way
to the support of their comrades over
a road which the soldiers say was
literally paved with Japanese corpses.
The Fifth Battery then became an
object of interest. A battery of heavy
caliber Japanese guns was brought up
from the rear and sustained an un
equal action for some time, but lost
two-thirds of its men and was forced
to retire with six of its guns shot to
pieces. These were left on the posi
tion useless.
Writer Describes Reckless Gallantry
' of Foes at Slmouchensi •
GRAPHIC STORY OF BATTLE.
LONDON. Aug. 8.— Lord Percy, the
trrder Foreign Secretary, announced
to-day in the House of Commons that
Germany. Austria and Italy, as well as
Ku^s-ia. had given their assent to the
Egyptian clauses of the Anglo-French
agreement and had undertaken not to
Obstruct British action in Egypt. Great
Brilain in return had given assurances
that they would receive the most fa-
A'ored nation treatment for their com
-nierce for thirty years and had prom
ised to reject their treaty rights in
fcgypt, give their schools the same lib
erties as heretofore and allow the of
ficials of those nationalities In the
Egyptian service the same advantages
as enjoyed by British subjects.
Great Britain's Action in
Eerypt.
Governments Asroe Not to Obstruct
AN'GLO-FRENCII TREATY
: SATISFIES THE POWERS
'. SEATTLE. Wash., Aug. S. — General
: _Giorly. chief signal officer, of the
'.i'nited States army, this evening re
ceived the first telegraphic message
'ever sent direct from Nome, Alaska.
It marks ihe inauguration of the Gov
ernment wireless line from Nome 107
miles to St. Michael. General Greely
said tho receipt of the message indi
:ccted that the wireless line was work
¦lng: perfectly. From St. Michael the
. message came by the wire line up the
"Yukon to DawBOn and thence to Seat
. lie. traveling DiiOO miles altogether.
. Geaeral Greely returned to-day from
Eitka. He received a cable message
.from the Government cable-ship Burn
eide, no-.v laying the cable from SItka
•to Seattle. The vessel is now off Queen
: Charlotte Sound. It reports having
laid- 227 miles of cable from noon yes
.terday to 6 o'clock this morning. Gen
*.<ral Greely says the cable will doubt
less be in Seattle by August 10.
The vehicles used by the Russians
in removing their wounded included
bicycles, used in pairs with a litter
swung between them. A detachment
of six cabs was also sent out on J*uly
26 to bring in Russian wounded. On
the 27th these cabs returned for more
wounded to a place they had visited
the "flay before. It was found,' however,
that this place was then occupied by
the Japanese, who. captured the outfit
of. cabs.
On July 27 two detachments of ma
rines and soldiers, numbering 260, lost
every commissioned officer as a result
of the first volley fired by the Japa
nese. The men of this detachment
thereupon sent a delegation to Major
General Kondratenko and requested
that he send to them the officers under
whom they had previously performed
exceptionally brilliant services, and for
which General Stoessel had sent them
special thanks.
By the night of July 27 the Russian
soldiers had been fighting for forty
eight hours with a minimum of rest,
food and water. They were then re
lieved by reserves, who arrived at the
lines led by bands playim? the na
tional anthem. At the conclusion of
the^anthem cheers were given along
• The Russian mines were cleverly
concealed in an open field. The ex
plosion of these mines threw the rocks
for a distance of one or two versts." It
Is alleged that with the exception of
four men, who . were captured, two
squadrons of Japanese cavalry were
annihilated by the explosion of such
mines.
The witnesses confirm previous
statements that the Japanese losses in
this fighting were severe. The Japa
nese soldiers advanced to Wolf Hill
over ground thickly strewn with their
dead. They occupied the hill. By the
third day the stench from the decom
posing bodies, which were not interred
for lack of time, became intense. Jap
anese prisoners are quoted as saying
that one of the narrow streets of a
Chinese village, which was made the
target of Russian batteries, was
packed with dead and wounded men.
BICYCLES CONVEY LITTERS.
A refugee who witnessed the fight
ing at Wolf's Hill of July 26 and July
27 declares that 4000 Russian troops
defended the position, all approaches
to which had been protected with ter
races at angles of forty-five degrees.
In many instances the Russian soldiers
dropped their rifles an- rolled rocks
down, upon the enemy, Tith effect more
fatal than their bullets.
This" last party of refugees, several
of whom witnessed part of the three
days' fighting of the week before last,
deny that the Japanese were one verst
(.66 of a mile) from the Russian fort
ress. They say that the Japanese
troops are from ten to fifteen versts
from the Inner forts.
The Japanese are busy endeavoring
to work their trenches nearer to the
fortress. The Russian resistance to
these efforts is confined to the use of
artillery, which ceaselessly harasses
the diggers. The Japanese are said to
have sixty guns in position on Wolfs
Hill and vicinity, and it evidently is
their intention slowly and surely to
tighten their noose around Port Ar
thur.
NOOSE SLOWLY TIGHTENS.
The refugees report that the Russian
cruiser Bayan was struck by a frag
ment from one of the mines which
the Japanese constantly send in toward
the harbor entrance. The explosion oc
curred at the spot just previously va
cated by the Russian- gunboat Giliak.
which had been In that position for
months, acting as guardship. The
Bayan bears' marks of projectiles of
various sizes, showing that she has
been hit 218 times since the beginning
of the war.
CHEFU, Aug. 9, 11 p. m.— The firing
of heavy guns at intervals of one
minute has been distinctly heard in
the direction of Port Arthur since 10:30
o'clock to-night, the acoustic condi
tions of the atmosphere being unusual
ly favorable.
During the last twenty-four hours
200 Chinese and fifty Russian refugees
have arrived here from Port Arthur.
They left there on August 4. It has
been Impossible to obtain confirmation
of the report of the sinking off Port
Arthur of a Japanese cruiser, but that
this occurred Is not improbable, as the
vessel is said to have sunk In a place
where mines were recently laid.
The French newspaper correspond
ents who made an attempt to reach
Port Arthur by junk saw the Japanese
fleet on August 6. They were twice
arrested and turned back. They heard
nothing of the alleged sinking of the
Japanese cruiser. They counted twen
ty-four vessels of the Japanese' fleet
ranged in a double semi-circle In front
of the harbor.
Marquis Oyanoa, commander in chief
of the Japanese forces In Manchuria
has proceeded north and expects to at
tack LiaoyAig on August 20.
LONDON, Aug. 9.— According to the
correspondent of the Morning Post at
Shanghai it is reported that there are
10,000 sick and wounded persons at Port
Arthur, and that the Russians are ne
gotiating with the Japanese to send the
hospital ship Mongolia away full of
sick. It is reported, the correspondent
says, that Lieutenant General Stoessel,
in command of the military forces at
Port Arthur, has committed suicide and
that panic prevails at Port Arthur.
LIAOYAXG, Aug. 7.— The Western
Russian forces north of Haicheng suf
fered a heavy attack to-day. Many
wounded Russians are here. There is a'
rumor current that General Kuroki is
threatening Mukden from the north
east. Viceroy Alexieff and General Ku
ropatkin were yesterday in Liaoyang.
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEADQUAR
TERS IN THE FIELD. Sunday Aug.
T. — The Russian force, In front of Gen
eral Kuroki's army is reported retreat
ing northward. A part of it has en
camped at Anping, twelve miles from
Liaoyang. Guns were heard this morn
ing on the Japanese right, meaning that
pc-sslbly the Japanese were following
the Russian retirement.
Secretary Hay directs attention to an
Incident in 18S4, when Russia "took oc
casion to dissent vigorously from the
inclusion of coal among articles con
traband of war, and declared that she
would categorically refuse her consent
to any articles in any treaty or instru
ment whatever that would imply its
recognition as such."
Due note is made of the fact that raw
cotton could be made up into clothing
for the military uses of a belligerent,
but the Secretary adds that a military
use for the supply of an army or a gar
rison might possibly be made of food
stuffs of every description which might
be shipped from neutral ports to the
blockaded ports of a belligerent.
"The principle under consideration
might therefore," he says, "be extended
so as to apply to every article of human
use, which might be declared contra
band of war simply because it might
ultimately become useful to a belliger
ent for military purposes."
The Secretary speaks of coal and oth
er fuel and cotton as being employed
for a great many innocent purposes,
and that many nations are dependent
on them for the conduct of- inoffensive
industries, adding:
¦'And no sufficient presumption of an
intended warlike use seems to be af-.
forded by the mere fact of their des
tination to a belligerent port."
LONDON, Aug. 8.— The Times and
other London newspapers this morn
ing contain editorials strongly approv
ing the circular issued by Hay, the
American ¦ Secretary of State, ' as to
what constitutes contraband of war.
The Times says:
"Mr. Hay lays down a sound and
reasonable rule on the subject.* "We
trust our Government will not delay in
letting it be known that we fully share
the views of the United States and that
we shall steadfastly uphold them."
This is a summary of a declaration
by Secretary Hay on^the right of neu
tral nations during war. It was em
bodied in a circular to the American
Embassadors in Europe and was issued
from the State Department on June 10
last, but for some reason was withheld
from the public, although certain ship
pers who inquired at the department
after their rights were supplied with
copies.
The circular is based on a declara
tion by Russia that cotton, naphtha,
alcohol armother fuel were contraband.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 8.—"The recog
nition in principle of the treatment'of
coal and other fuel and raw cotton as
absolutely contraband of war might ul
timately lead to a total inhibition of
the sale by neutrals to the people of
belligerent states of all articles which
could be finally converted to military
uses. Such an extension of the princL
ple by treating coal and other fuel and
raw cotton as absolutely contraband of
war simply .because they are shipped
by a neutral to a non-blockaded port of
a belligerent would not appear to be in
accord with the reasonable and lawful
rights of a neutral commerce."
"Message Sent Part of Way
bv Wire and Travels Al-
, together Over SOOO Miles
Eaw Cotton Also Exempted
in a Declaration by
Secretary Hay. .
SYSTEM IS SUCCESSFUL
Losses in Attacks on Forts
Thus Far Have Been
Enormous. /.
General Kuroki Is Threaten
ing* Mukden From the
Northeast.
General Gredy Keceiyes the
First Direct Message From
• the Gold Mining Center
Many Russians Wounded in
ttattle Are Arriving' at
Liaoyans.
Japanese Advancing Their
Trenches Nearer to
Port Arthur.
American Refuses to Accept
Classification of Coal
as Contraband.
TALKS TO NOME
BY WIRELESS
JAPANESE DELIVER A HEAVY ATTACK
UPON RUSSIANS NORTH OF HAICHENG
the entire Russian line for the Em
peror.
A proclamation, issued by General
Stoessel, commander in chief at Port
Arthur, thanking the soldiers and de
claring that their work had shown the
fortress would never be taken, was
then read to the troops, who again
cheered. At this time parts of- the
Japanese lines were so close that the
Russians could hear their enemies
talking.
LONDON. Aug. 8.— A report having
been submitted in the House of Com
mons by F. S. Stevenson, member for
the Eye division of Suffolk, that 9000
Armenians had been killed in the Mush
and Sassoun districts of Asia Minor.
Foreign Secretary L-ansdowne has re
plied that, the reports of consular of
ficers show those figures to be greatly
exaggerated.
# : t .»
REPORTS OP ARMENIANS
KILLED EXAGGERATED
FRESNO, Augr. 8:— Guy Jay, the
eight-year-old son of Jay M. Jay of
this city, was run over and killed by
a switch engine to-day. The boy was
stealing a ride on a trunk truck hauled
by Georgre Cain. Cain ordered the boy
off the truck. The boy was frightened
and turned to run and ran in front
of the engine. One leg and an arm
were cut oft and his skull crushed.
Lad Ordered From Danger Becomes
Excited and Runs In Front
of Locomotive.
EIGHT-YEAR-OLD BOY
KHiliED BY AN ENGINE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— Statistics
for the year just ended show that for
the first time in its history Germany
must yield the first place among the
nations in the production of beer to
the United States. Frank H. Mason,
United States Consul General at Ber
lin, in reporting this fact to the State
Department says the falling off in
Germany's production Is largely due
to the. spread of prohibition move
ments in that country, according to
statistics prepared by the German
Brewers' Association. The German
production for the last year declined
to 1,787,615,000 gallons, or 132,085,
230 gallons less than the output of the
United States.
Brewers Blamo Prohibitionists for
Slump In Fatherland's Output
And Loss of First Place.
UNITED STATES PRODUCES
MORE BEER THAN GERMANY
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— The pro
verbial fondness of the negro race. for
watermelon was strikingly indicated
by the experience of "Jimmle" Har
rington, a negro lad, who was arrest
ed at Bennings to-day, after having
been locked in a car of watermelons
for three days and nights.
"Jimmle" got in the car to appro
priate a melon three days ago at Co
lumbia, S. C, and when he tried to
get out found the door locked. He
appeared in excellent condition when
taken from the car to-day and when
"asked how "he got along without food
he replied:
"Food, did you say, boss? Why,
Ah had all kind* ob food. Ah could
eat and eat till^.h was full* and then
go to sleep."
The boy will be sent home to his
father in Columbia.
Negro Lad Locked In Car Subsists for
Three Days, on the Luscious
Fruit.
DIET OF WATERMELONS
SUITS COLORED YOUTH
LONDON, Aug. 8.— The Earl of Eus
ton, grand master, and a deputation
of English Knights Templar, who will
attend the conclave to be held in San
Francisco beginning: on September 5,
were given a farewell banquet in Lon
don to-night; •
F. C. Van Duser, a prominent mem
ber of - the American Society in Lon
don, presided.
The Earl of Euston, responding to a
toast, said there was no reason for
doubt concerning the welcome await
ing them in America, and expressed
the hope that the American and Brit
ish flags would long wave side by side,
in the interest of the peace of the
world.
The deputation will sail for the
United States on August 16.
Deputation Will Begin Its'
\ Journey to San Francisco j
on the 16th of This Month'
TOASTS AEE FELICITOUS
Earl of Enston and Other
British Lodge Men Guests
at a Farewell Banquet
KNIGHTS GIVE
PARTING FETE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1904.
TACOMA, Augrl 8.— The Sperry Mill
ins Company of San Francisco and the
Tacoma Warehouse and Elevator Com
pany to-day Jointly let a contract for
the erection of a flour mill on the water
front, to have a daily capacity of 2000
barrels. The mill will start in Decem
ber, grinding chiefly for the Oriental
trade. Contracts for milling machinery
will be let in San Francisco. Oil will be
used for fuel. tlHltll'iWliTi
Plant Having a Capacity of 2000
Barrels Daily Will Be
Erected.
T.1COMA WILL. HAVE
NEW FLOURING MILLi
2
PR. PHmCETS REMEDIES.
IF XOV \WAXT TO KIOW
WHAT AILS YOU*
the U. S. mall will bring you the best medical
advice for only the cost of writing
materials and stamps. i-rj^i
"T^^" 1^^^™ ' ' ¦ rT-_r»< ¦ * ' ™"^ i ¦ i i —
Many people owe their present good
health to the fact that they consulted Dr.
Pierce by letter, giving him all possible in-
formation about their condition, symptoms,
etc., and received in return good medical
cdvice which cost them nothing. Write to
Dr. R. V. Pierce, founder of the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo," N. Y.
Dr. Pierce by no means confines himself
to prescribing his well-known medicines.
He tells you in the most common-sense
way what ails you, what yon ought to do,
what line cf treatment should be followed
out in your particular case, and if your case
docs not indicate the need for this proprie-
tary medicine, he tells you plainly and
frankly what you do need, and the best
possible method of improving your health.
Dr. Pierce treats manjr chronic cases at a
distance, through the mail and all you have
to do is to write hira your symptoms.
* During tnv two years cf married life X have
not had good health," writes Mrs. Daisy fitud-
derd. of 60S S. Esplanade Avenue, Leaven worth.
Kaci. 'I was all run-down, end ray husband
get aic to write to Dr. Pierce. I get an early
rrplv telling me wtet the trouble wes. I com-
nie-ced taking Dr. Iirrce's Favorite Prescrip-
tio_, and elso the ! Keasant Pellets,' and now
c&n say that I feel like a new woinfcn. . I do all
»r work and do not feel tired out like I used to.
1 nave taken eight bottles of the ' Favorite Pre-
scription.' It siakes one feel well and strong."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets dizzi-
<-cs« and sick .headache.
ADy^TISE>IEyTS.
(Good Pocket Knife j
It's a good-grade value you can
depend upon every day. Your choice
between several styles of bandies, in-
cluding pearl. s §
BRING YOUR OLD RAZOR to me.
I want it. Will make you a liberal
offer for it toward a new one. I have
good razors for $1.00
THE STAB SAFETY RAZOR
makes shaving yourself a pleasure.
No danger of cutting yourself — not
pulling. .Regular $2.00 value. My
price, only Sl.oO
Two bars Williams' 10c shaving
soap, 15c.
Razors honed and ground; hon-
ing. 25c.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 Market Street, Opp. riftn. St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
ISSUSEUH OF ANATOHY*
Q Q) lKia*SUT3T.tit.6t.t7S_.S.r.C4l.A
\ Cj\_- The Larrest Anatomical Mmr urn in :ht \
U ¦¦i'lnjL. Wof'd- Weaknesses or any coantrfd A
bJSS 6*3 diM«« p-.lii.r-lj- cwr«d hy the oMeit Y
0 iT&LR DR * J0RIJ A N -D!3EASES OF MEN A
A ¦ *i t*m)§ Con»ult»rion fre» tad jtrfctljr pr!r*t?. \
0 i §*t H Treatment p«r»on»Iijr or by l«trr. A Q
Y 1 Xl W /*«<«»• Our* in e»ery cv>e undertaken. \
BFl lift w *te for Book. rBILOIOmTrf^
V* I ITT SXAltnlAUK. MAILED I'REI. (AY
A (J if. valuaM* book for tarn) \
V »tt. JOCDA.V A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
4^iJEvery Woman
i Mf'^wre Villa., •» interetted and should know
¦ S^WSLOT-SWililm «bont the wonderful
ft'Ml^feUAH MARVEL Whirling Spray
X'^Sv^sCiS^*-. twnani Suction. Be»t-.>af-
ItCl*U"«l» a <«><lj.
••* yt»r dror jiit tor It. >Js bu_ _ 1 tf^t*~~**~
If he oAnnot supply th» \v, /SfiriviS -V5
MAHVKL. .crept no >1^%
I other, but send stamp for «&k. #**«%J\x
Illustrated book— •»»!'*. It«iTe» XV / '"Tfl
full particulars mnd directions In- Cut I M
-aluable to ladles. M.%nVW.CO.. 1 Tii#.>7V: /w #
4 1 r*rk Rew, .\ch York. ttHijj&jr
152 New Montgomery. San Fr_n,clsco. Cal.
•WlllUm Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutt«r.
Union Drug Co.. 4.0O Sutter and 100 Stockton.
OsecoJ Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy.^ H» gUU
SMENANDWOMEU.
. CMBIi-Oforunn.turtf
dlsch»rf««,infl.J-matlo_«.
Irritations cr ulceratieaa
of mucous membraosa.
Patmlasa, and not astria.
gsnt or poisonous.
¦•idbyDr-pxi.U,
or sent in plain wrapper,
br express, prepaid, f«
•1.00. or S bottlu 91.7 y
Circular tent OB t«ac«it
OCEAX TRAVEL.
J$amburg-/lmerican*
Semi-Weekly Iwta Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHKRBOURO, HAMBURG
Hamburg Aug. 18:«Deutschland .Sept. 1
Phoenicia Aup. -OMjWaldersee ...8ept. 3
•tBluecher .-..Aug. 23|«tMoIUce Sept. «
fPretorla Augr. 27 Palatla .......S«pt. 10
•HaB grillroom and tBJ'mnaslum on board.
;WH1 csll at Dover for London and Parts
HA1IBU2O-AMEEICAN LINE.
Offices, 35 and 37 Broadway. New Tork.
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
To U. 8. STavr Yard and Vallejo.
Stmrs. Gcntral.Frlsble, Montlcello and Arrow,
9:45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 8 8:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.);
Sundays. 8:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7. 9 a. m.. 12:30, 3:15f*6 p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days. 7 a. m.. 4:15 r p. na. Pier 2. foot Mis-
sion street: phone Main 150S. HATCH BROS.
To XS. S. Havy Yard and Vallejo.
Btmr. H. J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F.. foci of
Clay st., north end ferry bldg. — Week days,
0:30 A. M.. 3 and *8 P. M.; Sundays. 1»:JU
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leaves Vallejo — Week days.
6:60 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M. : Sundays. A
| p. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rate*
Sundays to vallejo. Glen Core and Martlnes,
BOu round trip. ¦ PIPER. ADEN. GOODALt,
CO.. Dbooe -lain 611. •Saturday excepted. ,
OCEAN TRAVELj.
e Steamers leav« Broadway
wharves (piers 0 and 11),
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan. Wran««U
Jur.eau. Hainea, Fkaxuar.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Aug.
3. 8. 13. 18, 23 23, Sept. 3.
Charge to this company's
•teamen at Seat tip.
For Victoria. Vancou-w.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Btlllngham— 11 a. m.. Aug. 3. 3. 13. 13. 23. 29.
Sept. 2. Change at Seattle t<y this Company'*
steamer* for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at SeatlU
, or Tacoma to N. P. Rjr- ; *t Vancouver to
C. P. By. \ .
For Kureka (HumboMt Bay) — Pomona. 1:39
D m. Au g. X' 8. 14, - 2O. - 20. Sept. J ; , Oorooa,
1:30 p m.. Aug. 5. 11. 17. 23. 23, Sept. 4.
For Loa Angeles <vla Port Los Aniteles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Uarbar. —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State- of California, Thursdays. 9 a. in.
For Lo« Angreles (vta San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford iaaa
Luis 'Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Aug. 3. 11. 19. 27. Sept. 4.
Coos Bay. 9 a- nr. Augr. 7, 15. 23. 31. Sept. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose d?l
Cabo Ma-atJan. Altata. La Paz Santa, Ro-
salia Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
; For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is re«ervei1 to clianep steamers or sallinir dates.
TICKET O1*-*ICES — « New Montsrora-
ery st. (Palace Hotel*. 10 Market »t.. and Byoad-
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C- D. DUNANM General Passenger Agent.
" 10 Market st.. Fan FYancIscot
- The Paciflc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutf- st.. will
call for acd cheek bagKagr* from hotels ami
residences. Telephone Exchange 312. •-
—AND— 1
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. PAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST. ~r *
(Carrying U. S. Mails.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT
THURSDAY, Aug. 18, 2 p. m.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River steamers
for Fairbanks and all points on KOTUKUK,
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
619 Crossley building, cor. Mission and N«w
Montgomery sts., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE. »-?.'
FlvmoTita — Cnerbourr — South *xnx>taa.
From New York Saturdays at .9 a. m.
Germanic Aug. -0 St. Paul Sept. S
New York Aug. 27, Philadelphia ..Sept. 10
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
New York — London Street.
Mesaba.Au?:. 20. 0 am Minn*»na.Pept. 3. lOara
Mntnka.Aug.27,8:50 am Minneap.Sept.10, 6 am
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage,.
Dominion ..... Augr. 20; Canada 1 fept. 5
Vancouver ....Aug. 27iOttawa Sept. 10
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam. Via Bonlosrae.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Ftatendam ...-.Aug. 2.1 : Rotterdam ...Sept. K
Potsdam Aug. 30 Ryndam Sept. 13
BED STAS LINE.
New Tork — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Finland Aug. 2Oi Kroonland Sept. 3
Vaderland Aug. 27 Zeeland Sept. 10
SPECIAL NOTICE — The large, new. fwln-
•crew steamships of the Red Star Line call at
Dover, England, both east and west bound.
WHITE STAX LINE.
Hew Tork — Querartown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Oceanic. Aug. 21. 5 pm |r pit ic. . .Sept. 2. 10 am
Arabic. .Aug. 26. 5 pm Baltic... Sept. 7. S pm
Teutonic. Aug.31, 10 am Majestic. Sept. 14, 10 am
Boston — Qneenstown — Live-nool.
Cretlc Ausr. 25. Sept 22
Republic (new) Sept. *
Cymric Sept. 15. Nov. 17
NEW SERVICE PROM BOSTON.
Past Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11,400 to 15.OOO Tons.
BOSTON DIRKCT TJ> THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA AZOSES.
GIBRALTAR. NAPLES. OF-TOA.
ROMANIC Sept. 17. Oct. 20. D*c. 10
CANOP1C -Oct. 8. No^. 19. Jan. T
First Cla3S, $85 upward, depending on date.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Paciflc Coast.
21 Post st., San Francisco.
®ceanics.s.co. s w _££s
S.S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Aug. 9, 11 a. m.
S-Sl VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. IS. 2 p.m.
S S ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Aug. 27. 11 am.
J.D.SPHECHLS&BROI CO., Ull.TlCtel 0213643 fir-
ttt ntlgtt 0JHC3 329 Har-et St.. Fin 7, Paciflc si
gOKPAQNIS GSS3EUL5 TaAMSATI, VSriJJJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ._».»__.
Sallins every Thursday instead vt -rA?Cri
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. -^-Usc."
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second]
Class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. - Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
WEEKLY CALI^lTc^PEBTnA^
ApVERTISEME^TIg. W o-^.
818-820 Market St. San Francisco.
DOUBLE ppCC U. S. Postage Stamps
DAY c , ,? n aU phases in
ovr Stationery Department to
WED!NESDAY amount o! 20c or more.
COSSETS. THOMSON'S
High-grade P. N. celebrated make. Glove-nttin? Breakfast Hahit Htp
Sizes 13, 19, 20 only. Regular $1.25; Corsets. Regular prtce $1.25; while
special 35c they last, special 75c
AMEEICAN BEAUTY VEILINGS.
G FinP SS 1 £ h l tG ' £ lnl S a i nd »«« The latest Veilings of all styles, made
Fine French style. Special. . .J»Se to geI1 for 35c per yar d; special..
THOMSON'S loC
Glove-Fitting" Corsets, extra long. M . Tn . r -irrTT.TTr,
Style E. Regular price $1.50: while nn 2^^^? 7^ , M.rfr *r,A
they last, special ...... *.75c 500 ° >' ards - a11 shades, also black and
— : li— white, fine imported \ oiling. Rrff-
HED TAG SALE OP riXBNITITEE ular price 15c; special, per yard..8c
To make room for the coming holi- "
day stock. We're overcrowded, so BEAux-ir Oi.
have decided to close out. the bettor /^^^sHFiiiS^fev NICKEL FLAT-
part of the light Furniture we ban- HEJJTTMiiWftinli?^ XZ> DISH
REGARDLESS OP COST. 3 in.^ich.To in
Look over the lino. We may have ]SS^^ ,™ tn rn
just what you want. <^^' oeTsed f^ftS"
TABOURETTES. -^^gg^^ bread or cake.
Art pyrographic finish, was $1.50. An ornament for any table. Until
now S5c they are gone we will sell them at.
Solid oak. finely finished, was $2.25. each 25c
MSanV' finish,' wsis'jib'o.'nf^: 2 . 5 „, A CHUB'S TABU THAT.
. . . . • at i «» Clamps on table so It is not easily
PAwniiT/iiiTM" «»x.xo moved: Il%xl6. 1 in. deep: nicely
e n^i ,: , "/.TT™ 1 ,. decorated with new silvered finish.
$3 50 no e w 8(1> go W , a J Special 2oC
Golden' oak finish* 7l5 in.* sq.).*" was SIC5EI-PLATBD TEA KITTIOBS.
SI. 35, now 73c Your choice of the low fiat shape for
Golden oak finish (14 In. sq.) t was quick heating, or the round, grrace-
$1.00, now 7 59c ful °ne that looks so nice on the
MUSIC CABINETS. stove. These Kettles are sold
Solid oak. was $3.00. now S2.OO 3£ r "£i*S r ?« f ° r 5 °° eaCh# ° UT -fto
Solid oak (enclosed), was $5.00. now clal prlce ls : ~ Oc
$3.25 NICKEL-PLATED COPPEE
Mahogany finish (enclosed), was . BIOOnTS.
$12.00, now -S7.50 with new telescope top for holding.
WRITING DESKS. cloth for straining.
Solid oak Ladles' Desk, was $7.50. 3-plnt KOc
now $7».OO 4-pint 6Oc
Solid oak Ladies' Desk, was $9!00. ~~—~
now $0.00 BOOK SPECIALS.
Solid oak Ladles' Desk, was $20.00, six of the most popular recent copy-
now $14.00 right fiction, elegantly bound In
BOOK CASES. cloth, published at $1.50, on sale
Solid oak. 4 shelves, was $3.00. now !j"" esd * y l on1^ ~ Z.',U' Vn 1 !^
go go The Right of Way. Gilbert Parker.
Solid oak. 5 shelves, was"$3.75rnow H? de i. the R 2, se> by I sna , m - _ 41 _
an jjq The Puppet Crown, by MacGrath.
Solid oak, 6 shelves,' was" $*8.00.*"now When Kniphthood Was in Flower,
85 5O bv Majors.
TIBT . Aim Tj-OATTOTnp sirm-p-rum Janice Meredith, by Ford.
riME AKDUBADOHT SCREENS. Tte^-ir! "f-Tanim hv \V**tcntt-
Solid oak Fife Screen, was $1.00. now By maU^^c extra.
Soild oak Fire ScVeVn*.*w*as* Vl^.^now VisU y our^ Book" Department. It wffl
Solid "oak Fi'rV Sc'rVen. was 52.23. lof Quotations gladly given on any Book.
c«*«U""r.Vv"fiV"»',,'cV+ 'QorJ/.'^*^ n ?ll^? HTGEBSOLL WATCH O3T SALE
Solid oak Draught Screen, was $4.50, _____ -___,—_- «--*-,
now S-.5O "HIS WEEK « 5c
Solid oak Draught Screen, was $5.00. SPECIAL SALE ALARM CLOCK
now ».t.5O "STTNIUSE" THIS WEEK 79c
KNIVES, RAZORS AND SHEARS GROUND AND REPAIUZD.
PICTURE FRAMES OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO ORDER.
wi^__
J^^^K '' M mm ¦rniMiniiiimii '
\ MATERIALS
B The finest grade of imported
B Bohemian Hops — the choicest
I Barley Malt — the purest water —
I . combined with care and skill, and the
I most scrupulous cleanliness, gives
1 Beer the absolute purity which has
1 crowned it the "King of all
¦ Bottled Beers.
B The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A.
1 HILBERt MERCANTILE CO.
Jj^**^ 136-144 SECOND STREET. 4?^^ k* Julei of 315 Mai* St. Is in no way con
nected . with . any ¦ iratown restaurant. \ * ¦¦
UNKNOWN MAN FOUND IN BAT.— TB#
body of an unknown negro was found floating
In the bay off Fillmore-atreet wharf yesterday
afternoon.
Blaze Which Consumes Orphan Asy
lum and" Church Catues a Loss
or $1,500,000.
STRASBURG. Alsace-Lorraine, Aug.
8.— The damage by the flre which
raged in the lower quarter of the city
this morning and which destroyed a
large orphan asylum and the Magda
lina Church amounts to 51,500,000. .
F1KE IN STRASBURG
DOES GREAT DAMAGE
SACRAMENTO, Aug. ¦$.— At a meet-
Ing of the State Board of Agriculture
to-night It was decided to forbid all
bookmaki ng at , the" State ' Fair • and
permit only paris mutuels and auction
betting. The privilege was let- to "Fred
H. Chase. of San , Francisco for,: 70 : . per
cent of the 5 per cent to be deducted
from all bets. .
No Books nt State Fair Races.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— Daniel J. Sully
& Co. to-day informed their creditors
that they would be unable to carry but
the proposition made to the creditors
last, month to, pay off 40 per cent of. the
claims in .'cash with 10 per cent "ad
ditional in the form of ninety-day notes
because } certain individual creditors
would not withdraw their claims \ The
firm therefore will go into liquidation.
Sully In Trouble Again.
BOGOTA, Colombia, Aug. 7 (de
layed in transmission). — General Ra
fael Reyes assumed ' office to-day as
President of Colombia, succeeding
Senior Maroquin. The Cabinet is as
follows: Secretary of State, Bonifacio
Velez; 'Secretary of War, Diego Cas
tro; I Secretary of Finance, Jorge Hol
puin: Secretary of the Treasury, Lucas
Cabellero; Secretary of Public In
struction, Carlos Curevo; Secretary of
Foreign Affairs, Enrique Cortez.
Complete quiet prevails here.
Succeeds Scnor Maroquln as Presi
dent of Colombln — New Cabinet
Is Named.
RAFAEL REYES ASSUMES
REINS * OF GOVERNMENT
WASHINGTON/ Aug. 8.— The Mayor
of Milwaukee has been invited to select
a young lady to christen the protected
cruiser to j be named after that city
and which will be launched September
10 at the Union Iron Works, San Fran
cisco.
WASHINGTON, Aug: 8.— Secretary
Morton has received a letter ; from
Mayor Berg of Dubuque, Iowa, saying
that he has been unable to find a lady
in that city, willing to undertake the
Journey to New York to. christen the
gunboat Dubuque," which- is to ¦ be
launched at Morris Heights; N. Y.,
within a few weeks. ¦ . V. '<•¦-<.
Mayor Fails to Find Y'ouns Woman
Willing to Christen New
DUBUQUE'S FAIR SEX
DRAWS LINE AT FAME
BUFFALO, N. Y., Aug. 8.— Fire in
the five-story building at 251-257 Main
street to-day caused a loss estimated
at $400,000, and for a time threatened
the Academy of Music next door, where
a play was being produced. Assistant
Fire Chief Murphy went to the Acad
emy stage, informed the audience that
a building near by was ablaze but as
sured them there was no danger. He
then asked the people to leave the
theater. The crowd filed out quietly.
Fire Threatens New York Theater and
Audience Is Ordered Into
the Street.
BLAZE IN BIG BUILDING
CAUSES LOSS OF $400,000
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Aug. 8.— Three
posses are now in pursuit of the four
train robbers who attempted to wreck
and rob the Atlantic Express at Ah
Say, on the Union Pacific, east of
Green River.
At daylight to-day John Utley, the
pump man, discovered the outlaws in
the act of throwing a main line switch
for the siding:, so as to wreck the train,
and he was shot through the arm. He
notified the operator at the next sta
tion and the irain was warned of its
danger. But for the pump man's dis
covery a terrible wreck, with great loss
of life, would have occurred. Utley's
wound is not dangerous.
The bandits, who are believed to be
the same that recently held up the
Denver and Rio Grande Express, are
headed for the Blue Mountains of
Northern Colorado. The posses are
composed of some of the best rangers
in the State, and a battle with the out
laws is certain. That they will be cap
tured is also almost certain. The rob
bers are well armed and mounted, and
appear to know the country thoroughly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRAND FORKS, N. D., Aug. 8.—
Miss Carrie Fisher of Graf ton, N. D.,
was the first person at this point for
Government land in the Fort Totten
reservation, registration for which be
gan to-day. i
DEVILS LAKE, N. D., Aug. 8.— From
3000 to 4000 strangers were in Devils
Lake to-day when the Government
opened the registration booth. Twelve
hundred persons registered to-day.
Three towns, Roosevelt, Burke and
Gregory, have been started. There was
some excitement for a while, but the
Sheriff prevented any serious trouble.
There was talk to-day of requesting
troops.
BONESTEEL, S. D., Aug. 8.— Filing
on the Rosebud reservation began to
day and all of the one hundred suc
cessful entrymen whose privilege it was
to make their filings the first day were
on hand to make their choice. William
McCormick, who held No. 1, filed on
the quarter section running parallel
with the quarter reserved for. the town
of Roosevelt.
Filing on the Rosebud Res
ervation Begins and Home
steaders Pick Their Land
Desperate Thugs Who Tried
to Wreck Atlantic Express
Wyoming Kangers Pursue
TOWNS SPRING
UP LIKE MAGIC
POSSES AFTER
FOUR BANDITS
The latter country, he declared,- was
building more battleships than England
and her resources were greater than
those of Great Britain, whose only hope
of maintaining her supremacy on the
sea was a federation through which
the colonies would aid in the building
up and maintenance of the navy of the
mother country.
LONDON. Aug. 8.— Captain Thomas
Allnutt Brassey, editor of . the Naval
Annual, speaking at Hatfleld to-day,
said he was convinced that within ten
years the command of the seas would
have passed from Great Britain to the
United States. .
PREDICTS THIS NATION'S
SUPREMACY' • ON THE SEA
British Naval Expert Says Our Navy
, Will Soon 'Surpass That of
the Kins. * •
NORFOLK, Aug. 8.— Maritime men
are puzzled over a strange water cur
rent that has developed Just outside
of Cape Hatteras. A record of this
new tide element cannot be found upon
any of the charts and until it has been
officially analyzed the men who live
upon the sea will do their best to avoid
the waters about the cape.
The schooner Isabella Gill, from New
York for Savannah, arrived in Hamp
ton Roads this morning for provisions.
The captain reports being out from
New York three weeks. He declares
that nearly a hundred sailing vessels
are between Capes Henry and Hatteras
and are unable to get around Cape
Hatteras on account of the continued
southwest winds and strong current
running north.
Waters Off Cape Hatteras Behave in
Way ->.iiat Causes Sailors to
'—id Place.
MARINERS ARE PUZZLED
BY UNCHARTED CURRENT
lUIlUITIlIT,
LONDON, Aug. 9. — In the 'form of
a letter from a correspondent, signed
"Heathcote Hardinge," the Daily
Chronicle this morning makes a strong
appeal on behalf of Mrs. Maybrick.
The letter urges that Mrs. Maybrick
is innocent and that she ought to be
granted a free pardon and contends
that she never would have been con
victed had there been a court of crimi
nal appeals in England.
The Chronicle also prints an edi
torial which strongly supports "Heath
cote Hardinge's" view of the case.
Chronicle Strongly Supports Corre
spondent's Belief in Woman's
LONDON PRESS CHAMPIONS
MRS. 3IAYBRICK'S CAUSE
AMATEUR PLAYWRIGHT
. TRIES TO KILL IIXMSELF
R. W. Monlton Attempts Snicide Be
cansc His Wife Refined to
Grant Interview.
(CHICAGO. Aug. 8.— R. W. Moulton.
an amateur playwright, shot and dan
gerously wounded himself here to
night because his wife, from whom he
is separated, refused to see him. Three
years ago Moulton attempted to shoot
May Buckley, an actress, in a cafe in
New York City.
Prepartns for Maneuvers.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 8.— An army of
workmen, directed from Washington,
is now engaged in preparing the ground
for the army maneuvers that are to
take place between the 5th and 10th of
September on the battlefields of Bull
Run and Haymarket in Virginia,
CHICAGO, Aug. 8.— Wheat scored a
sensational advance to-day, under a
furious demand from bulls and bears
alike. For September delivery, the
principal trading option, there was a
bulge of 3 7 '-c, but this was outstripped
by the figures for other months, De
cember and May each scoring an ad
vance of 4^4c on top of an almost un
precedented gain of 9 cents a bushel
during the preceding week. On reports
that the spring wheat crop in ths
Northwest is being largel.- destroyed
by black rust, everv trader seemingly
who was short became frantic to cover
his trades. September started at 97>4c,
touched $1 01%c and closed at only %c
under the top figure. May opened at
98c to 99c, sold at $1 02 and closed at
51 01%.
Cereal Makes Sensational Advance
and Sliort Traders Frantically
Try to Cover.
BULLS' AND BEARS' DEMANDS
FORCE UP PRICE OF WHEAT
A. K. Hoes. Pueblo; Harry Hough. Denver;
William Hughe*. Pueblo: A. G. Hess. Pueblo;
Mis-s Pearl Hopper, Pueblo; Henry Hindman,
enzinter, Denver.
Dorothy Jshn?on. S years old. Pueblo.
Mrs. James Keatlns, Pueblo.
Ida Leonard, Pueblo; Mrs. Robert Llnfoot
Pueblo; B. T. Lai-hell. Denver.
Miss Stella McDonald, Pueblo: Max Morris,
Pueblo: rt. O. Meats, Denver; Hug-h Mc-
Cracken. Aurora. 111.; A. S. Maxwell. Pueblo;
A I Mosier. IlilT, Colo; Dr. James B. Macgregor.
Ballard. Wash.
Miss Annie Pine, Pueblo; Miss Mary Price,
LaPalle. III.; Mrs. Parker. Pueblo.
T. S. Reese, express messenger. Denver;
Elsie Roland. LJndsborg, Kans.
Bud Seward. Pueblo; Miss Alice Sturgeon.
Pueblo: Miss Vinnet Selby. Pueblo: Miss Ella
Stevens, Northampton. Mass. ; Miss Lotta
Shoup. Grand Rapids, Mich.; J. H. Smith,
conductor, Denver.
Mrs. Tillle Thompson, Pueblo; Thomas F.
Turner, brakeman, Denver. ¦ '
Miss Emily Wood. Pueblo: Mrs. George F.
West, wife of former Mayor. Pueblo- Miss
Irene Wright. Pueblo; Mis« Nellie Williams,
Pueblo: Mis» Florence Walker Pueblo: I W
Wright. Pueblo: Major Frank H. Whitman
address unknown, formerly of the Twentieth
Kenpas Volunteers.
h. A. Yeaelea, Pueblo.
PUEBLO, Colo., Aug. 8. — The names
of the identified dead follow:
J. F. Bishop, architect. Pueblo; Etta E.
Bishop, eleter of J. F. Bishop, Pueblo; George
Beck. Pueblo; Mrs! Bennell. Pueblo; — Bethel,
Cripple Creek; Mias Gertrude Boyle, Pueblo.
H. Curtis, Pueblo; Don Campbell, Pueblo.
Miss Carrie Downing, Pueblo.
George Kngelman. Colorado Springs.
Jesse E. Gray, Pueblo: H. R. Graves, Pueblo;
Mrs. Gartland. Denver; J. G. Galbratth,
Pueblo: J. G. Graham, Florence. Colo.; G. \V.
Geppert. St. Louie; Edward and Lillian Gart
land, children. Denver.
Long list of the Identified Dead arid
Those Still Missing.
VICTIMS OF TI?F. HORROR.
Lanre Number of Californians At
tracted hy the Wonderful Dis
play at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. S. — The following
visitors from California have regis
tered at the California building:
San Franclscn — C. .noHyteln. Mrs. J. I* Hol
land and son. Mrs M. Barnhart. Mrs. S. Kra
rr.er. M. Kramer. G. Smith. A. B. Bowers. D.
Brosnan, A. G. Kleir.ier ami wife. J. I. Allen
and wife. J. TlUman V*. 11. Fortson. J Jef
frey. Mrs. A. McKoy. A. McKoy. A. Price.
W. Ehrenpfort and family. K. J. Baker. S. A.
Fisher. W. L,tnard >.. G. Rein°rt. F. Anser
. San jDse — H. T. Rawlings. C. P Martin. W.
S. Johnston and wife.
Sacramento— P. E. Schroll. E. J. Heffaer.
Mrs. V. R. Smith.
Oakland— I. Wharton. Mrs. A TVharton. A.
C. Hunt.
MANY VISITORS FROM WEST
ATTEND THE EXPOSITION
RENO, Nev., Aug. 8. — Passenger
train No. 4, east bound, was wrecked
at Cisco to-night at 7:30 o'clock, being
run into by the push engine of freight
train No. 212 within fifty yards of the
depot.
Only three people were injured, but
that one hundred and fifty or more
passengers on board the train were not
killed is due to the fact that the en
gineers in charge of the two engines
pulling the passenger train brought
their trains to a stop in time.
The injured are: W. E. McCurdy of
2616 Center street, San Francisco, who
was on his way to the World's Fair.
His injuries consist of a painful lacera
tion on the left cheek and under the
eye, together with a number of bruises
about the head and body, caused by
being hit by flying splinters and iron.
Miss Albinson of Minneapolis, who was
returning home from a visit to friends
in California, was injured by flying
glass.
Alfred Goss, a retired , business man
of San Francisco, on his way to Bos
ton, was seriously hurt. He is injured
internally and on account of his ad
vanced age the outcome cannot be de
termined. Dr. Ainswick was on the
train at the time. He was riding in
Superintendent Agler's private car and
as soon as he could extricate himself
from the wreckage in his car went to
work aiding the injured.
The dining-car suffered most. One
end was entirely demolished. The car
was filled with passengers at the time
and the shock was like a thunderbolt.
Women and men were knocked to the
floor, some screaming with fright, oth
ers Intent on escape and still others
thinking of only one thing, to aid the
injured, but fortunately their services
were not needed.
Three Persons Arc Hurt in a Rear-
End Collision.
TRAIN WRECKED AT CISCO.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 8.— After being
cut oft for twenty-four hours from
Eastern mail communications by rea
son of the Santa Fe and Southern Pa
cific washouts in Arizona, traffic has
been resumed and belated trains are
arriving. Santa Fe trains due here Sat
urday and Sunday arrived this morn
ing. The line is now open both ways
and all trains are moving. The com
pany's local officials believe that the
worst of the flood is now over and
that normal conditions will soon pre
vail.
The heavy rains which have fallen
throughout Arizona during- the past
fortnight are unprecedented. Cloud
burst has followed cloudburst in the
mountains, sweeping down the narrow
canyons and doing much damage to
railroad and other property. The per
manent good effects of the rains are
expected, however, to more than coun
terbalance the temporary loss sus
tained. Growing crops have been great
ly benefited and a good storage of
water has been secured.
Santa Fe and Southern Pa
cific Lines Are Kepaired
and Traffic Is Resumed
PARIS. A up. S — Lcbaudy's strerable ba!I»n
mat!*' a quarter cf an hour's flight to-day.
cnverinK a considerable distance at a height
cf eighty mftorf and rrturr.ing to Its shed
¦without the *I!phTc«t hitch.
RAINS CEASE;
TRAINS MOVE
PALO ALTO, Aug. 8.— Miss Irene
Wright, who was killed in'the wreck on
the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad
in Colorado, was well known here. Miss
Wright graduated from Stanford Uni
versity last year. She was editor of
the college paper "Sequoia." and her
work in this line was most creditable.
During her term at Stanford she was
prominently identified with all literary
movements. She was a member of the
English Club and was one of the most
popular young women at the university.
Miss Wright lived in Pueblo. Colo. She
was on her way to Los Angeles to ac
cept a position as teacher.
tims of the Wreck.
Former Editor of Sequoia Among Vic-
STANFORD GRADUATE KILLED.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— Th» • Pres
ident to-day approved a report of th©
Civil Service Commission, recom
mending that Postmaster McMichael
of Philadelphia be reprimanded as the
result of the Investigation of the
charges filed by Robert B. Jenks. sec
retary of the Civil service Reform
Association of Philadelphia, alleging
political discrimination in Postmaster
McMichael's selection of employes.
Will Be Reprimanded for Political
Discrimination In Selection of
Employes.
JCEXSTRE FOR QUAKER
CITY'S POSTMASTER
"You have more money than you
ever can need," said the visitor. "If
you cannot see your way .clear to let
me have the amount I havejiatned as
a loan will you not out me on my feet
by letting me have $50,000 as a gift?"
The interview did not continue after
Vanderbilt had curtly refused to make
this ingenious compromise.
-NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— Newport so
ciety is discussing one of the biggest
"touches" on record. A foreigner be
longing to an excellent family and of
unquestioned social standing visited
young Reginald Vanderbilt recently.
As the story goes, he went at once to
the reason of his visit. He needed a
loan of $100,000.
Vanderbilt was surprised but asked
no questions. He firmly declined to let
his visitor have the money. Then came
a request that added to the piquancy
of the situation.
Asks "Rcggy" Vanderbilt for Loan of
$100,000 and When Refused
Requests Gift of $50,000.
FOREIGNER AT NEWPORT
AS THE PRIZE "TOUCHER"
SAN DIEGO. Aug. S.— County Clerk
Holcomb to-day received a letter from
Mrs. Nellie E. Metcalf of 1403 Bond
street requesting that no marriage li
cense be issued to Clarence Hood Met
calf. her son. She stated that she is
his only living parent and that he is
not of agre.
As the letter is not a verified affidavit
th<? Clerk merely has it on file to call
th<> y^ung man's attention to it if he
fhnul<i appear. If after reading the let
ter he is still willing to make the affi
davit necessary for procuring the li
cense it would not be denied him.
Omnty Clerk 1= Requested Not to
Issue License, as Youth Is
a Minor.
MOTHER DOESVT WANT
HER SON TO MARRY
Vance held on to ihe brake liku
grim death. His hands clenched the
wheel until his fingers almost bled,
but he held on until his tight grip
stopped the car. The forward cars
broke from the sleeper and fell into
the water, while the car which Vance
had held with the brake stbpped one
third of the way on the brink of the
chasm, overhanging the gulch below.
The forward trucks had left the track
and gone down, but the remainder of
the coach stayed on the tracks and
the lives of the passengers were saved.
It required two engines and nearly
a half hour's work to pull this sleeper
back from the brink of the chasm.
Nothing but Vance's cool and brave
work at the brakes kept the car from
plunging 'nto the stream.
Vance . was standing near tha front
end of the car when the crash came
and with rare presence of mind, rushed
to the hand brake on the front of the
car and began tightening the brake3
on the wheels. His car. was slipping
f oi ward from the momentum and
from the terrible drag in front, caused
by the forward cars tailing into the
stream.
EDEN. Colo., Aug. 8. — W. Vance,
porter on the forward sleeping-car
Wyiuta, was one of the heroes of the
disaster. To him and his nerve and
bravery the people on that car owe
their lives.
Porter Saxes Sleeping-Car at the Risk
of His Own Life.
HERO OF THE WRECK.
PLAINFIELD, Ind., Aug. 8. — East
bound VandaMa passenger train No.
21 struck a broken rail this afternoon
in the city limits. Five cars left the
track and were burned. Five passen
gers were injured, but none killed.
The fire from the cars and the ex
plosion of the tanks set fire to the
Plainfield flour mills near the track,
which was a total loss. The plant of
the Plainfleld Cabinet Company was
almost totally destroyed.
Broken Rail Brings Disaster Upon
East bound Train in Indiana.
FIVE PASSENGERS HURT.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 8.— The second
round in the fight between the forces
led by Senator Spooner and those led
by Governor La Follette for the control
of the State will open at Madison to
morrow. The first round took place at
the National Republican Convention
and was won by Spooner.
The Governor and his friends say that
Spooner's victory does not count, as the
national convention has nothing to do
with State affairs. They have the po
litical machinery of the State in their
hands and will place the La Follette
State ticket in the regular Republican
column on the official ballot. "Whichever
side has the official name will have
great advantage.
To prevent this going to the La Fol
lette faction the Spooner men will ask
the Supreme Court to act as referee.
The request will come in the form of a
petition for an alternate writ of man
damus against Secretary of State
House, a La Follette man, demanding
that he place the Spooner ticket in the
regular Republican column or show
cause why. Senator Spooner came here
from his summer home in New Hamp
shire a week ago to consult with the at
torneys on the anti-La Follette side
and to DUt the finishing touches to the
case.
Governor La Follette, through his in
timate friends, says \ that no matter
what the Supreme Court says he will
run. They say he will get votes wheth
er his name is on the front or back of
the official ballot, and that, further
more, they claim he will be elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The buildings and losses are as fol
lows: Berton lodgins-house. conducted
by A. Pianchi. $12,«Xk>; Cnopjus & Co.,
general merchandise, building and con
tenth. $:>0.000 (the upper part of this
building is used as an opera house);
Frank Wedehese, merchandise. $12,000;
Malott & Draper, clears and billiards.
$12,000. The store of David Burroughs
win; badly damacrcd by smoke and
Mater, but the building was saved by
hard work.
SEBASTOPOL, Aug. S.— The best
part of the business section of this>
to\\n destroyed by fire to-night.
Five large buildings were burned, in
. volving a loss of approximately $75,000.
* But for the arrival of a fire engine
with a corps of firemen from Santa
Rosa, the whole town might have been
swept away.
The fire started in the Berton
lodging-house and soon the flames
•were beyond the control of the volun
teer department. From 7 until 9
o'clock the flames ate their way from
one building to another. A telephone
message was sent to Santa Rosa for
help and in a short time a steam en
gine and assistance started on a spe
cial train of the California and North
' western Railroad.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Governor La Toilette Says
Struggle in Convention Has
No Bearing on State Bow
Steam Engine and Corps
' of 3Ien Hurry by Special
Train to Stricken Place
NATIONAL TICKET SAFE
SANTA EOSA SENDS AID
"The car naturally righted, and
when it came up the water was just
above my lips. I could breathe all
right and saw that the transom was
just above me. With my right hand I
smashed out the glass, hoping I could
get out in that way. At that moment
another crash came and I was struck
on the forehead by som. floating ob
ject and dazed, but managed to keep
my head above the water, and after a
terrible struggle reached the shore.
"The only man I could see in the
Another occupant of the chair car
was J. M. Killin. a well known hard
ware merchant of Pueblo. He was
badly cut about the head, hands and
arms, but no bones were broken, and
he will be entirely recovered within a
few days, if no serious complications
ensue. His, escape was due entirely,
he believes, to his ability as a swim
mer, his great strength and his pres
ence cf mind which led him to hold his
breath while he was submerged with
the other passengers in the water.
"When the first crash came we were
riding along a? smoothly as one could
go." caid Killin. "It was just, as
thuugh ih«> train had struck against
a ctone wall. The lights went out. the
fixtures and everything fell down, all
the passengers were thrown forward
and there were the most awful cries
for help and the grinding of timbers.
I saw a man next to me was down and
I helped him up. but just then another
crash came and the train seemed to
sink about five feet. I lost sight of
everybody and could not think of any
thing but to save myself.
"I remember well the sensations 1
had at the time. I knew I was in terrl
ble danger and my first thought was
that I must get out of the car. At the
second crash I was about up to my
waist in water. All the time the grind
ing and crushing of timbers was going
on. In another crash I was thrown
abnut a third of the length of the car.
right up against the front door. I
grabbed the top of the door and the
car went over in the water three times.
My first instinct when the water went
up over my head was to hold my
breath. I think I was under water
for a full minute.
"I was sitting in my office, a dis
tance of a mile from the scene of the
wreck, when suddenly a loud sound,
followed by a series of smaller reports,
startled me. I had heard of No. 11
passing Pinon from the operator there,
and at this time she was overdue more
than six minutes— an unusual thing,
for the train is a flyer.
"Becoming thoroughly frightened, I
seized my lantern and ran up the
track to the place where the bridge
should have been. The faint rays of
my lamp threw just enough light for
me to distinguish three cars, but be
tween them and myself there was a
chasm fully 50 feet wide, through
which dashed a river almost level with
the ground upon which I stood. Oppo
site me I could make out the outlines
of three cars, but the other four that
usually make up No. 11 were nowhere
in sight.
"I started across the mesa in the
direction of the river, which was high
and making much noise. After walk
ing about half a mile I saw near the
bank a dark object. It was almost
stationary in midstream, with one end
swinging toward the left bank. I
slipped off my clothing and plunged
in. swimming in the direction in which
I had come, as I knew the strong cur
rent would carry me down stream. By
proceeding in this course I managed to
get t<s the object, which proved to be
a chair car. half on its side and held
in position by an arm of land extend
ing into the stream probably fifteen
feet. The roof of the car was gone
and inside there was not a soul to be
found. Guided by the light of my lamp
o-n the shore, I struck out for the bank,
and. being' a strong swimmer, I
reached it in a few moments. The car,
or what was left of it, broke loose and
was completely demolished. It was
then after midnight.
"There w«re two survivors of the
wreck that I knew of, the fireman and
a passenger in a chair car. The lat
ter's story he told me in a dazed man
ner, for the man was nearly border
ing on lunacy. It seems he was sit
ting in the third chair from the rear
of the car when the train turned up
ward and the suddenness precipitated
him through the window and then,
turning him a complete somersault,
landed him on the bank."
SURVIVOR TELLS OF ESCAPE.
F. M. Jones, the station agent at
Kden. who was the first to go to the
aid of the stricken victims, gives this
version of the accident:
SWIMS TO WRECKED COACH.
without becoming lodged against the
sides. Most of the bed of the creek is
now visible, with little streams weav
ing: about the strips of sand, forming
islands of mud and sand.
Following are the names of the
missing:
Elsie Rjland. Pueblo; Dr. W. F. Munn,
Pueblo; Mrs. John S. MoHter and two daugh
ters, .aged 4 and S years, respectively, Pueblo:
ailnnte Davis. Pueblo; Malcolm S. DlgBins,
Pueblo; Frank Bedeman. Pueblo; Mrs. H S.
Gilbert. Pueb'o: V. U. Durham, Pueblo; Minnie
Selby. Pueblo: Sophie Gilchregt. Pueblo: James
O. Ba»\no:i. Pueblo; Miss Chancellor. Pueblo;
Miss Bozeman, Pu«blo; Mrs. Mary Welch,
(Chicago; Miss Hadenburg. Sallna, Kan.; Clyde
Price. Aurora. Ill-: Margaret Donnelly, Des
Moines; Mrs. Henry Donnelly. Des Moines; Dr.
E. C. Stimmell. Pueblo: Ralph SvJartzcup,
Pueblo: J. Q. Thomas and wife. Pueblo; Miss
Marguerite Keeley. Pueblo: Harold B. Page.
Denver; James Keatlnsr. Pueblo; P. H. Mes
senger, bank cashier. Central City. Colo.; Mls.s
Alice Wood, Jacksonville, Fla.; Mrs. Everard
Roscoe, Durango, Colo.
Senator Wants Courts to
Settle Fight for Control
of Politics in Wisconsin
¦ Flames Devastate Business
K Section of the Town and
Cause Extensive Damage
"Strangely enough, there was hard
ly any screaming. I listened to hear
the cries, but it was all over in a mo
ment and the coaches whirled away
down the stream with loads of human
beings. Apparently the inmates were
swallowed up in the flood, the water
surging into the coaches and drowning
them instantly."
One of the saddest stories is that of
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Gilbert of Okla
homa City, who had been married
only two months and were on their
honeymoon trip. Gilbert is one of the
three men who marvelously escaped
from the chair car. His wife, who was
sitting beside him, was lost and al
though he is unscathed, her death has
made him a nervous wreck. He is now
in the Pueblo Hospital. He has been
wire chief of the Western Union Tel
egraph Company at Oklahoma City.
A dispatch from Jacksonville, Fla..
inquiring for Miss Alice Wood of that
city was received by the Chieftain.
The name has not- been reported
among the dead or missing. A trunk
was found containing a package of
visiting cards bearing the name of
Mrs. Everard Roscoe of Durango,
Colo., and she is supposed to have
been a passenger.
"I was sitting in the front end of
the forward sleeper, the Wyiuta," he
said, "near the door. The train had
slowed up on account of the bad con
dition of the tracks, and I think' we
were going about fifteen miles an hour
when all at once I felt a sudden jolt,
then a terrific crash and our car turn
ed almost on its front end. I rushed
to the platform and saw nothing be
fore me but a black, raging torrent,
with three coaches whirling down the
stream. It was horrible!
R. Brunazzi, superintendent of the
dining-car service of the Denver and
Rio Grande, one of the survivors, had
a narrow escape.
coach as I left it was F, H. Messinger,
a banker from Central City. He sat just
behind me, and once came to the end
of the car and it seemed that he would
be saved, but before he could be saved
he went down and was lost.
"As I approached an island I heard
the faint cry of a woman for help. I
answered, shouting: 'I am coming;'
but at that moment I heard a gurgling
sound, as if the^poor unfortunate was
lost, and I heard the cries no more."
Killin was taken , to a hospital in
Pueblo.
SCREAMS SOON SILEN'CED.
Continued From Pajre 1, Column 7.
SPOONER WILL
APPEAL TO LAW
MANY WRECK VICTIMS ENTOMBED
BY SHIFTING SANDS OF A STREAM
SERIOUS FIRE
IN SEBASTOPOL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST; 9, 190*.
3
, .r- _ . ; • Yc > Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Music by the great Pan*
American Quartet. - s «
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OF STOMACH thre h a e t r ened LIFE
Pe-ru-na Promptly Restored Her to Health
and Beauty.
A Heavy, Bloated Feeling of the x"^^? : V^\
Stomach-Heartburn and a /fv^S^3^ X
Belching Up of Gas, Entire- ?$c£'£^^)F'\^
iy Done Away With. (Kfi^^^Li Js
1V1 the Benevolent Sewing: Circle, 278 J|||;?|j| %
"I wish io express my appreciation of W0Ui?l^SBK^-^^S^^jsU^iliM
Peruna. I was a great sufferer from ca- 7 '-'^^^;^®^^^'-"^! 1 -
tarrh of the stomach and was treated by j::? " : lf '''^^¦BwmriWinff"f
several physicians, but with little relief. ifl'Jmi B^fflB^^Bjj;
Finally Peruna was recommended to me ?yl»"' ''--*- -^-^' jfi
by a friend, and soon after beginning to «'H-'*<^i1^Si;"
take the medicine I experienced much re- Bp^-"fe§ :^fc^«>**^-'^ a -' r -** " v '''-4Ksli^P
lief and at the end of five months I was -';..- ."• j|||y^^^^^B&^B| !1
entirely cured. I had suffered with heart- ''H^Sm^^^S^^^^^^tKBti iui
burn at times, also sour stomach, and often '* 4 "^S» KLLs, «^&gK^^j£n||| 1\
belched up gas. My stomach was bloated ?p|^|lw^r^^ -S^fliH
and I could not bear tight clothes around '|||jM^B^^«^^ MaW
my waist. It is orer a year since I die- 0lMlpS^^^^^ iflwffilM
continued taking Peruna for my trouble, ||Ml^lfl|-^^^^^*^** V IJulMU'
and I am able to eat anything I desire $umlfnti
without experiencing any inconvenience, •'jjO*3l!!|||i«KB|; i--i MmllUnlll
and I do not hesitate to say that / am en- j^te^ C Jf JH/1
The Bane of Her Life Was Stomach gi^Wilfef
Miss Gertrude Posue, 1407 Central ' ' ' * £
Avo.. Cincinnati, Ohio, Secretary Social .
Economics Club, writes: J
"Stomach trouble has been the bane of jr .
my f-xistence for a good many years. I E^ v v •¦
tried a number of remedies for dyspep- *$&&&**%* *
sia and indigestion, thinking: that was «*2?*S!B&fe/^&a, *<? '
the trouble, but nothing: helped me until feT**29«&^S&fc >^
I took the right medicine for the right "*&feS^"^&^$&fe'-"C\ f- ' *-*<*
trouble. I was suffering with catarrh of :;^fiaWWiffiP^ :
the stomach and did not know it. Peruna MgW"^/aMl \i?^*j2i&&Sstii&&i
took hold of the seat of the trouble and MIC . c»m*r doiivfi ¦
soon exterminated it from my system. MlbS dADIE BKUNELL.
I have a splendid appetite now. my food
does not distress me and I am growing
fleshier. I have a look of health which I temporary results. It Is permanent to
have not had for years." — Miss Gertrude its effect.
Pogrue. it has no bad effect upon the ¦ystem,
and gradually eliminates catarrh by re-
Pe-ru-na Contains No Narcotics. moving: the cause of catarrh. Thero are
a multitude of homes where Peruna has
One reason why Peruna has found per- been used off and on for twenty years,
manent use in so many homes is that it Such a thing could not be possible if
contains no narcotic of any kind. Peruna Peruna contained any drugs of a nar-
is perfectly harmless. It can be used cotic nature.
any length of time without acquiring a All correspondence Is held strictly
drug habit. Peruna does not produce confidential.
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Brand 11
|| Evaporated m
fc| Gr8am m
EfgB because it is most concentrated; S^
|£« because richest iti cream; jeW
b53 Its purity is guaranteed jBa
f^U ur -- r ' cr - e;t ct $5,000 to B8B
VSlA anyone able to prove gig,
i||p3 ar.y adulteration in our KgSa
¦ — . I
ANNOUNCEMENT
The local business of -Eas-
ton, Eldridge & Co. has been
transferred to and 'merged v.ilh
the business of G. H. UMR-
SEX & CO., 20 Montgomery
Street, and hereafter will be
conducted under that name.
Extensive Country business
and Colonization will be con-
ducted under the name cf
Easton, Eldridge & Co., with
offices at 18 Montgomery
Street.
Br. Lwsn's
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a. quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
- £7
j^OTQffi CORE SICK HEADACHE.
SBSrrriE Genuine Must Bear .
Jj IVER Fac-Sim;!e Signature
g PILLS. m -
ADVERTISEMENTS. I
Hats for a jpilti.
dollar
Don't judge these hats y|L ..,-«. w ?
by their price. They Pl;? 1 *^" J$
are better than you V § ~\ W$Ti
think. You will find \3tZi M
them all right for every t \p* ' j£p 'A
day use where a hat is •^3fe^^-'' x / '
subjected to hard wear. - ' / \
We picture two of the jff \
many styles to be> had —^
for $1.00. . ~^ n
Special for Wednesday
jBSSBSg|S£u andThursday only—men's
tfJ^^^Em madras golf shirts, regular
$1-30 values for $1.10.
lil^wl SN\VootHfp
£& 740 Market StreetTYE SENT TO STOCKTON— Oakland. Aug.
P. — Charlie Tye. the local lightweight pi ize
flghter, was sent to Stockton Insane Asylum
to-day.
SAYS HE WAS nOBBED— Oakland, Aug. S.
— Uus Krk-kson, able. seaman, complained to
thn police to-day that h? was knocked sense
less and robbfd of JO by footpads last night
wh!J* he was walking across Webster-street
Laicize.
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug 8— Br stmr Queen
City, from Vancouver; Br stmr Princess-Bea
trice, from \ ' ' •- ' - ¦
Sailed Aug R— Br Btmr Princess May, for
west coast Qf Vancouver. \
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Aug 8— Stmr G. C.
Llndaiwr, hence Aug 4 •
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Aug 8— Br bark
Ventura, for Sydney.
FOREIGN PORTS. /"
ARRIVED.
Monday, Ausr- 8.
Stmr Bonita, Treble, 65' ho\ira from San
Pedro and way ports. -
; Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson, 19 hours from Nee
dle Rock.
Late Shipping ¦¦Intelligence.
Badly Broken Jaw.
E. Ruggeberg, who lives at 515 Fulton
street, was treated at the Harbor Hospital Sun
day night for a badly broken jaw. He had been
picnicking at El Campo. he said, and some
stranger, without provocation, had walked un
to him and landed a stiff right swing. Both
sides of Ruggeberg*s Jaw were, broken, and
the • severed -parts will have to*' be wired to
gether. -
.The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
lor ; reinsurance - as . follows': Pionier, 36 per
cent ; Earnmount. 10 ; per cent. The Norwe
gian . bark Remonstrant,' which " was reinsured
at 25 per cent, arrived yesterday at Alroa Bay.
The Overdue List.
INDIANS OF BERING
SEA ON THE WARPATH
TACOMA, Aug. 8.— The old feud has
broken out between the Malamute In
dians of the Bering Sea and the In
dians living about the Russian Mission
on the lower Yukon. For years these
tribes have been enemies, killing each
other when opportunity offered.
Father - Arriphilopty of the- -Russian
Mission and other white residents- have
called for military protection. Natives
there are afraid to leave the village,
claiming that the Malamutes.are hid
ing in nearby woods waiting to murder
them.
Gaelic at Yokohama.
The liner Gaelic arrived yesterday at Yo
kohama. The Gaelic was detained several
days at Midway Island awaiting Instructions
from this city. When the Russian Vladivostok
squadron got out of the way the Gaelic was
ordered to resume her voyage and has made
the Japanese port In safety.
Masterson was extradited from Ger
many on; these charges, but ; he turned
State's evidence against his partners
and was released oh that account. Tay
lor pleaded guilty to forgery, and re
ceived a sentence, of five .years, but
Christy was acquitted by the trial jury.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 8. — The two
charges of forgery against E. F. Mas
terson, who is charged, - together with
his partners, Taylor and Christy, with
defrauding the Continental Building
and Loan Association of San Francisco
out of about $80,000, has been dis
missed. - .
Accused Turns Slate's Evidence
Against His Partners and the
Case -Is Dismissed.
MASTERSON IS FREED
OX FORGERY CHARGE
STOCKTON, Aug. . 8.— Johnny Jack,
12 years old, hanged himself yesterday
at the home of his parents ¦ on the
French Camp . toll road, about three
miles south of Stockton. The Cor
oner's jury brought in a verdict of ac
cidental hanging. The boy was of a
cheerful, healthy disposition and had
laid plans for the future. He went to
the basement to get some grain for
his horse and a few minutes. later was
found dead, a noose used for holding
u;> a saddle being about his neck. His
feet .were still on, the floor,: and the
Coroner gave it as his opinion that
the boy, in reaching into the bin -for
oats, accidentally got his head In the
noose, slipped- and- was strangled. •
lad Goes to the Basement for Oats
ami Meets Death in ,a
Peculiar Way. .
TWELVE-YEAR-OLD BOY
STRANGLED TO DEATH
AllJWestern arid Southern Oregon is
suffering more or less from the
scourge of forest fires. The biggest
in Southern Oregon is between Wood
ville and Gold Hill, in Josephine
County, almost on the Jackson County
Jine. This is back in the hills and lit
tle is known of its extent.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 8.— Green
timber is on fire back of Oak Point,
Wash., eight miles distant from the
Columbia River, in a tract of 20,000
acres. Three hundred men have been
fighting for two days and the last re
port received from there last night in
dicates that the fire is not under con
trol.
GREAT FOREST FIRES
RAGIXG IX THE NORTHWEST
LOS ANGELES, Aug. S.— By virtue
of the "recall" feature of the city char
ter, the Los Angeles City Council to
day unanimously voted to order a spe
cial election in the^Sixth Ward, Sep
tember 16, to choose a successor to
Councilman Davenport of that ward,
who has just Deen "recalled" by a pe
tition signed by 784 of his constituents.
A former petition of the same charac
ter was declared invalid by the court
last month for technical irregularities.
The present petition was framed to
avoid the technical mistakes of the
original petition. x
Citizens of Los Angeles Prepare a
New Petition Under the
"Recall" Law.
WILL ELECT SUCCESSOR
TO DEPOSED COUXCILMAX
VISITS PRESIDENT.— Oakland. Aur 8 —
Deputy District Attorney Everett J. Brown
has returned from a. visit to Washington
J>. C.\ where he was a guest of Secretary of
Labor and Commerce Victor H. Metcalf. With
his. host h« visited President Roosev«lt.
HOLLISTER, Aug. *8. — The mass
meeting called by the higher officials
of the Southern Pacific Company was
well attended this morning.- Luce of
the Southern Pacific Company and
Paul Shoup said they are not fighting
electric roads, but are fighting unfair
methods.
Luce said that he intended to con
tinue his trip through the central
coast section down as far as San- Luis
Obispo for the purpose of gathering
information on the proposed new rates
to be established giving terminal rates
out from all intermediate points.
Southern Pacific Officials Address the
Citizens of Hollister on the
PROPOSE TO ESTABLISH
LOWER SHIPPING RATES
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 8.— To-morrow
morning the members of Chevalier
Company No. 6, Uniform Rank
Knights of Pythias, will leave for
Louisville, Ky., where they will repre
sent California in the competition drill
for prizes, the best prize offered being
$1500 In cash.
Chevalier Company already holds the
prize for the best drilled company in
the State and was second only to the
Victor (Colo.) company in the contest
for the best drilled company in the
country.
These honors were won at San Fran
cisco two years ago. There is likely
to be more competition at Louisville
than there was at San Francisco, but
Captain Spillman and his men do not
fear numbers. . .
Louisville.
San Diego's Crack Organization' of
Pytliians Will Compete at
CHEVALIER COMPANY
WANTS THE BIG PRIZE
OAKLAND, Aug. 8. — William Vol
quartson and Miss Eva Johnson were
secretly married one week ago In San
Rafael and they are now living at the
home of the groom at 1917 Myrtle
street. The parents of the young
couple objected to an early wedding
on account of their youth. The home
of the bride's parents is at 357 Pros
pect street.
Wed Secretly in San Rafael.
TACOMA, Aug. 8.— Five young fel
lows left Grays Harbor to-day for a
1000-mile cruise in a thirty-six-foot
sloop. The names ofr the boys are:
Dadner Pratch, captain and owner of
the vessel; Oswald Bell, GeXjrge Brown,
Carl Wilson and Frank Welder.
The boat in which they are to make
their advanture isvthe Restless, a two
masted sloop. In this tiny craft the
young fellows will attempt to" sail over
1000 miles intervening between Aber
deen and the harbor of San Francisco.
Enough supplies have been shipped to
last the party a month and everything
possible has been done to guard
against mishaps.
Six l(iiiN Will Cruise to San Fran*
Cisco From Aberdeen in Thirty-
Six-Foot Boat.
BOYS GO TO SEA IN
SLOOP-RIGGED CRAFT
BERKELEY, Aug. 8.— Trustee R,
C. Staats, representing the Seventh
Ward, declared to-night at the meet
ing of the Trustees that he would re
sign on September 1. A proposition to
widen Derby street in Staats* ward
was voted by the board against Staats'
protest, whereupon Staats made the
announcement.'
Falls to Rule and Resigns.
SAX BERNARDINO, Aug. 8.— The
Justices of the Peace, Constables and
other officers of the county of San Ber
nardino will henceforth be paid on a
salary basis, Judge BenjaWn F. Bled
soe of the Superior Court having ren
dered a decision to that effect to-day
in the suit of L. C. Currier vs. the
County of San Bernardino.
Currier, the Justice of the Peace at
Barstow, sued the county for $31. which
he claimed was due him as fees for
the issuance at various times of war
rants for parties charged with evad
ing railroad fare, the fee in a case be
ing $3.
The suit was tried before a local Jus
tice of the Peace, where it was decided
against the plaintiff, who took It to
the Superior Court on appeal. The de
cision is based on a recent opinion of
the Supreme Court in the suit of Tucker
vs. Barnum, taken from Fresno Coun
ty, which was similar in issue.
Judjre Blctlsoc Gives Opinion Holding
That County Officers Must Be
Paid by Salary.
DECISION KNOCKS OUT
THE SYSTE3I OP FEES
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— John F. Quirk,
who disappeared a month ago, surren
dered himself to-night at the City
Prison on a charge of embezzlement
made by George Spencer of the Union
Pulp and Paper Company, by which
Quirk was formerly employed as a
traveling salesman. Quirk said he had
been told the charge would be with
drawn. He went to the City Prison to
ascertain whether that was the fact.
A warrant was served there.
Quirk Surrenders.
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Richard C. Ken
nedy, over 21, and Edith E. Caldweil,
over 18, both of Oakland; Thomas M.
Bnrtth, 26, Seattle, and Therese Nick
la US, 18, San Jose; Benjamin Dacha.
27, and Malvena Gaglia, 20, both of
Oakland; Herbert A. Makinson, 30,
Pulton, and Grace M. Cassidy, 23,
Oakland; Victor M. Dias, 21, and Rosa
Dutra, 17, both of Warm Springs;
Charles A. Colmore,.over 21, and Mar
raret H. E. Merer, over 18, both of
Eerkeley. I
Marriajje licenses.
Time and again he has fought and
killed the dogs that were following on
the trail, and the sight of "Old Mike's"
tracks was enough to cause any owner
of dogs to call them off. To-day his
•end came, though he put up a game
flght. Five bullets from the rifle of
Cleve JMaddocks brought him down. He
dressed 175 pounds. Eight bullets were
found Imbedded in different parts of
his sturdy frame, mute evidence of
former engagements.
BOULDER CREEK, Aug. 8.— A huge
buck that has for the last five years
defied the efforts of the hunters here
and from the adjoining counties of
San Mateo and Santa Clara has at
last fallen. Many times he has been
chased in the different counties,- his
trail plainly marked by the large track.
At last it became a common belief that
"Old Mike," as he was called, bore a
charmed life and was doomed to die of
old age.
Sportsmen at Last Meets
His Fate.
Big Deer That for Years Lanzhed at
HUNTSMAN'S BULLET
LAYS LOW "OLD MIKE"
Both of the original members of the
company have died within the last two
years and the business conducted at
35 Steuart street in San Francisco and
that conducted at Alameda Point in
this county is now to be bought by
the man who has been conducting the
business for eome time.
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— Notice of in
tention to sell the business of the firm
of Hay & Wright to H. B. Madison,
president of the firm, was placed on
record to-day. The sale is to take
place in the office of Attorney J.
Hutchinson in the Claus Spreckels
building in San Francisco next Fri
day, the price offered being $6600.
& Wright Yard Is Placed
on IJeeord.
Notice of Intention to Dis|>ose of Hay
OLD SHIPBUILDING
BCSIXESS IS FOR SALE
Henry A. Schulze, representing the
San Francisco Chapter of American
Architects, tilted with the Board of
Education to-night over, the adoption
of a notice to architects for.
pl^ns for the proposed new school
buildings. Schulze opened the scrap
by repeating what he said was street
talk — namely, that it was openly as
serted that the winning architect
could be named now and that a type
written copy of instructions to archi
tects had been in the hands of San
Francisco architects before they had
been made public. Schulze wanted
the , board to confer with a commit
tee from the architects, to extend the
time for submitting plans to' October
30 and to order all , plans to be filed
anonymously.
Directors Hardy and Hathaway and
President Wilcox resented what they
declared were aspersions on the
board's integrity. The Directors voted
down the Schulze suggestion touching
anonymous plans. September 30 was
the date fixed for submission of plans.
The call to architects includes the fol
lowing new brick or brick and stone
buildings and additions: »
A twe^nty-two-room building for the
Franklin School, to face Ninth avenue,
and cost $145,000; twenty-two-room
building for the Lincoln School, to
face Alice street, and cost $145,000;
twenty-two-room building for the
Prescott School, to face Campbell
street, cost $145,000; six to eight room
building for the Grove-street School,
to face Grove street, cost $28,000;
eight to ten room addition to the
north side of the Lafayette School,
cost 538,000; fourteen to sixteen room
addition to the Grant School, to face
Broadway, cost $81,000; new building,
nine or ten rooms, with allowance for
addition ¦ to make twenty-two rooms,
on the new site at Market and Thirty
ninth strets, cost $72,000; new build
ing, nine or ten rooms, with allowance
for addition to twenty-two rooms, new
site on Shattuck avenue, adjoining
Bushrod Park, cost $72,000.
¦ A premium of 1 per cent above
architects' fees and cost of supervision
will be awarded the successful archi
tects.
The boards voted to purchase two
new school sites, as follows: One from
the Mitchell Real Estate Company,
with frontage of 266 feet on Market
street, 325 on Thirty-ninth and 325 on
Apgar, for $10,000; one from A. F.
Poirier, adjoining Bushrod Park,
north 435 feet on Shattuck avenue by
912 feet east -to Racine street, for
$25,000. .Streets are to be cut through
the latter site.
The vertical system of writing as
taught in the public schools to the
fifth grade was abandoned, the semi
slant being adopted in its stead as
the uniform method throughout.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 8.
Directors Resent Allegation
of Favoritism Made by a
San Francisco Architect
I don't believe the Chinese have any Idea
that th? Japanese 1 will try to incorporate
Manchuria Into their own territories. And
after the war. If the Japanese win, the
Chinese expect them .to help In reorganizing
their army and enlightening; the masses. The
officials Simons' the Chinese are, of course,
maintaining neutrality, but at the same time
their sympathies are with the Japanese.
Th« feeling among the Chinese Is solid for
the Japanese, thoueli it does not always ap
pear on tbe surface. The Chinese regard the
Japanese as their friends. They expect bet
ter treatment from them than from the Rus
sians. They tblnk .the Russians won't stop
at anything If they win in this war. The
Japanese are consid-ered peaceable and reason
able and more likely to be content with a llttlu
than Russia.
That this sentiment prevails is the
opinion of Professor John Fryer, pro
fessor of Oriental languages and a
friend of the Chinese, who returned to
day from the Orient. Professor Fryer
has entree to the inner circles of Chi
nese life and had a good chance to ob
serve the conduct of the Chinese to
ward the belligerents and to exchange
views with them. Speaking of his ex
periences, Professor Fryer said:
Feeling in and out of official circles
in China is in favor of the Japanese
winning the war that they are now
waging against Russia. To the Japan
ese the Chinese look for assistance In
the rehabilitation of their empire and
the safety of their dominions against
the Russian foe, and while not daring
outwardly to help them they are par
tial in that they give their moral sup
port to the yellow men across the
channel. *
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Aug. 8.
Professor John Fryer Says
Yellow Men of Asia Look
With Favor on Brown Men
CHINESE HOPE
JAPANESE WIN
CHARGE ANGERS
SCHOOL BOARD
DESERTS AFTER MANT YEARS.—Oak
land, Aug. 8. — Suit for divorce was begun to
day by Ella A. Frizzell against John H.
Frlzzell on the ground of desertion. They
were married thirty-one years ago.
* : _ *
Edith A. and Frederick E. Whitney to John
P. Beckett, lot H. block E. map new town of
Lynn. East Oakland; $5.
Byron K. and Emily D. Whitney (and aa
attorney) to 'William Knap£. Jot on NW corner
School and Champion streets. N 61.76. W 1U5
S 74.41. E 125.«4. lot 8. block D. corrected
map of subdivision blocks D and E. Cham
pion Tract. Fruitvale. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Pacific Coast Loan Association to William
Hamilton, lot on S line of - Mountain View
avenue. 50 W of Cherry street. W ISO by 3
141. lots 13 to 15, block 15, Warner Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Emma S. Faull (widow) and Peter and
Lucy Basche (wife) to James B. Low same.
East Oakland: $1O.
Frank L. Moore (trustee) to James B. Low.
lot on W line of Twenty-fourth avenue 50
N of East Twenty-first street. N 75 by W
118:10, portion lots 8 and 9. block G map
subdivision Fifty. Associates' Tract. East Oak
laDd, quitclaim deed; $10.
J. E. and Eliza E. Bacon (wife) to P.
Basche and Emma S. Fautl, same. East Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $t.
Thomas McGlnnis to Delia McGinnia (wlfe>
lot on S line of Eighteenth street. 10O E of
Market, E i5. S 103:0, W 1C6, N 25 E 100
N 80:8, to beginning, portion lots 3 and t!
block I>, map block 297, Oakland; gift
Joseph W. and Emma A. Goodes and Burton
H. and Sarah Gray to Augusta A. Goodell
(single), lot on S line of. Thirty-eighth street
263 E of West. E 30 by 8 147.50. lot IS and
portion lot IS), block B. Major Given Tract
Oakland: $10.
Frederick C. and Maria Mathews to John
Dacha, lot on N line Avon street. 171:6 W of
Second avenue. W 4S by N 1^5, portion lot
22. block B. map AAoeks A, B and C. Vernoa
Park. Oakland; $10. *"*«»
Helen L. C. and Charles R. Harmon (ex
ecutora estate of Edward D. Harmon) to
Thomas F. McMullin. all Interest in lot 19
block I. map of subdivision of blocks I. J and
L, Harmon Tract. Berkeley; $350.
Daniel P. and Rose F. Durat (by M. H.
Durst. their_ attorney) to Leander Columbus
Carden, lot 5, map of Fruitvale Addition Tract
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Isaac Bernstein to' same, same quitclaim
deed, Oakland Township; $10.
Julia A. or Julia N. Pennoyer (by Albert
A. Pennoyer) to Joseph W. Legault. lot on
NE corner of Tnlrty-flfth and Grove streets^
N 50 by E 11«. portion of lot 1, block \i.
Central Land Company Tract. Oakland; $10.
Sarah Belle Cox to F. H. Gould, lot on NW
line of Eleventh avenue. S50 XE of East
Twenty-fourth street, NE 50 by NW 150 East
Oakland; $10.
Bernhard H. Paulson (single) to A. C. John
son, lots 1st 2° » n <l -1. block J. Broad-way Ter
race, Oakland Township; $10.
L. Eleanor Johnson t»in*ie) to Sarah and
Fannie Bernstein, lot on SE corner of Thirty
seventh street and b'an Pablo avenue. E IX! 73
S 50, W 1C8.S7. N 55.39, lot 3. block A. map
of portion of Mrs. M. J. Evoy's property, Em
eryville, quitclaim deed. Oakland Township
$.10.
H. O. ChiUs (singl?) to Mrs. Susan M. Gar
diner, lot on ICW corner of Thirty-fifth and
Grove streets. N 120:3 by W lw. portion of
lots 16 and 17, block C, property of Central
Land Company (formerly Brown Tract>, Oak
land; *1O.
Holcomb Land Company (Heron-Holeomb
Company) to George Lahr. lot on N line of
Seventh *tre«-t. ICO W of Chestnut, W 25 by N
10O. Oakland; $10. *~
William I£. and Fannie H. C. Hardy to
John Cobine. lot on N line of Eleventh street.
ISo W of West, W 60 by N 1(H>. block 151,
Kellersberper's map, Oakland: |1»>.
George and Katharine Lahr to I. E. Cashin,
lot on N line of Railroad avenue. 129 E of
Adeline street, E 25 by N HX>, lot tS, block
5u7, map of portion of blocks Ii.IT and .">..>,
Oakland; $10.
Annie B. Combs to W. F. Williamson, lot
on S line of Thirty-eighth street, i;M.2tt W of
West. \V 2M.01. S 125.7a, E 2tf. N 12&45, lot
1U, block G, Major Given Tract. Oakland: $U>.
Louis D. Reeb (sinsle) to M. Iflnehart. ' lot
on N line of Kdwarda street. 2(M7 E of Tele
graph avenue. K 50 by K 125, lot 5, map of
Pacific" Theological Seminary Tract. Oakland;
*1O.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
\lameda Countj
Deceased was born In Fremont, 111.,
October 30, 1850. He was graduated
from Rush College of Chicago and
afterward studied under the famous
Dr. Gunn of Chicago and in the Cook
County Hospital of Illinois. He came
to Berkeley in 1877 and three yeara
later married Mary O. Earle of Illi
nois, who survives him.
The funeral will be held from Odd
Fellows' Hall at 2 o'clock on Wednes
day afternoon.
Dr. Payne began practicing medi
cine in Berkeley twenty-seven years
ago. In all that time he never forgot
hip duty and no man or- woman, rich
or poor, ever called in vain upon him
for aid. In spite of a body that was
not robust, in spite of accidents that
had crippled him cruelly, he was de
votion itself to his profession.
Dr. Payne was interested in other
things. City and county politics at
tracted him and he was a member of
a number of clubs and secret orders.
He served as a member of the Board
of Health and was Health Officer for
the town until his term expired in
February last. His name was enrolled
as a member of Durant Lodge of
Masons; Oakland Chapter of Royal
Arch Masons; ¦ Oakland Commandery,
Knights Templar; Berkeley Lodge of
Odd Fellows; Oakland Encamp
ment of Odd Fellows; University
Lodge, Knights of Pythias; the Bohe
mfcm Club, Union Club, the County
Medical Society of Alameda, the State
Medical Association of California and
the American Medical 'Association.
BERKELEY, Aug. 8.— A martyr to
hi3 own self-sacrifice and devotion to
the care of the suffering, Dr. Frank
Howard Payne, until recently Health
Officer for , Berkeley and the oldest
practicing physician in the town, died
this morning after a three days' ill
ness. Dr. Payne's death is directly at
tributable to his always generous in
stincts and follows his treatment of a
sufferer from whom he could accept
no other payment . than a word of
gratitude. In administering to the
patient' . the contracted ery
sipelas from an accidental abrasion on
his hand. Unmindful of the danger,
Dr. Payne did nothing to counteract
its effects until blood poisoning set
in and then it was too late. Dr. H. N.
Rowell, his friend and associate, was
called in to treat him and later Dr.
Winslow Anderson of San Francisco,
and, with the help of the patient and
his wife, a stubborn battle for life was
begun. But the disease was master
there and soon it got its grip upon his
heart, so that then there was no more
hope. Life 1! ebbed : away just before
dawn this morning. , - .,
Dr. Frank Howard Payne of
Berkeley Succumbs to
Erysipelas.
f dr. frank h. payne. who
di?:d yesterday at his
home in berkeley.
The McXaughton girl, in the mean
time, has been spirited away and 13
supposed to be near LnrKspur, In Mar
in County, or San Francisco. She left
here with a private detective, who 13
said to have made the statement that
he was paid by the Chief of Police to
get her out of the way.
Mrs. Mein has come forward and is
now willing to do what she can to have
the girl taken In charge. Mrs. Mein is
the widow of the millionaire South Af
rican mining man.
At the request of Mrs. Thomas Mein.
District Attorney Allen this afternoon
issued a warrant for the arrest of
Grace McNaughton, charging her with
grand larceny. She is accused of hav
ing stolen $1000 worth of finery and
bric-a-brac from the Mein home, at
Lake end Jackson streets, where she
was employed. The matter attracted
much attention owing to me fact that
Mrs. Mein has complained that Chier
of Police Hodgkins refused to arrest
the girl. His answer to this , has been
that he told Mrs. Mein that she would
have to swear to the warrant and that
she refused to do this.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 8.
Warrant Is Issued for the
Arrest of Grace 3IcXaugh
tou for Grand Larceny
This section is entitled to twenty-six
delegates, and whoever wins these
votes in the convention will undoubted
ly get the nomination. Charles II.
Spear, chairman of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners, will control the
Berkeley delegates, and this strength
will be thrown to John Mitchell. Ran
dolph has not put a ticket in the tleld
in this section. In West Oakland there
will be two tickets in the field, nomin
ally for J. J. Burke for the Assembly
and for Morris Flynn for the same
place. It is said that Burke will throw
his votes for Mitchell and Flynn will
throw his for Randolph. The two tick
ets in the disputed district are as fol
lows:
For John Mitchell — W. \V. Worden. Arthur
3i. Jireed. Albert H. Elliott. Guy C. Karl. Dr.
Hayward G. Thomas, Charles E. Snook, Fred
erick M. Hathaway. A. H. Marx, Dr. W. L,.
Dunn. Mortimer Smith John \V. Stetson, Dr.
H. B. Mehrmann, H* M. Sanborn. L. G.
Parker, E. J. Osgood, M. J. Hallahan, K. D.
Holmes', Frank Galmarino, E. T. Lelter. Fred
Gcodwhi, George Nickerson. William Jones,
Herman Haffet. Walter J. Taylor, Dr. J. M.
Milton, W. E. Griffiths.
For George E. Randolph — Wilson S. Gould.
S. I.. Carlson. J. J. Nagle, W. N. Hennimjs.
D. C. Borland. Thomas M. Uobinson. Joseph
Keating. John Singen. Guy. D. Reynolds,
George Winchester. J. H. Hunt. T. Quayle,
E. H. Lake. W. J. Quigley. Fred Hersey, C.
Jorgenfxri. M. A. Thomas, Dr. I. E. Xichol-
Fon, A. 3. Cloud. Captain E. II. Hunt. Dr.
F. J. Saxe. Charles Strasburg, J. Rittler.
Jerry H. Tjrrel. W. L. Boldt. J. H. Potter.
Over in Alameda it is Assemblyman
J Clem Bates against former Senator
E. K. Taylor/ Bates persists that the
ticket headed by his name is for him
for the Assembly, and that the Taylor
ticket is not. On the other hand, Tay
lor insists that his ticket is for Bates
for the Assembly and that the Bates
ticket is for some one else for the Sen
ate than himself. Bates came out to
day with a statement that there is no
vacancy in the State Senatorship and
that he never made any combination
with Taylor that permitted the use of
his name on the Taylor ticket.
The Republicans who have no oppo
sition for the various offices for which
they- are candidates and who will have
their delegates indorsed without a light
to-morrow are: Congress, J. R. Know
land; Supervisors— First District C. F.
Homer, Fourth District H. D. Rowe:
Senators— Thirteenth District J. G. Mat
tos Jr.. Fifteenth District G. R. Lu
kens; Assemblymen — Forty-sixth Dis
trict delegates to be named will prob
ably favor E. K. Strowbridge, Forty
seventh District J. Clem Bates, Forty
eighth District Phil Walsh, Fiftieth
District J. A. Bliss, Fifty-first District
delegates will probably favor R. H. E.
Espey. though C. G. Dodge has been a
candidate; Fifty-second District W. H.
Waste.
The Democratic party is at it again
in a county where control means sim
ply control of the party machinery. Op
position tickets to the county commit
tee nominees have been placed in every
district except the Forty-sixth and the
Forty-seventh, and M. J. Laymance
and former Congressman Warren Eng
lish will try to wrest the control of the
party from the followers of R. M. Fitz
gerald.
"Who will secure the Republican
nomination for Supervisor in the Fifth
District?" is practically the only ques
tion that agitates the Republican party
regarding the primary election to-mor
rcw. This fight has centered in the up
per portion of the Fiftieth Assembly
District.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 8.
Advertisements calling for bids to
construct the Alameda County Scenic
Boulevard, between Oakland and Hay
wards, upc-n plans submitted to-day by
County Surveyor Prather were ordered
printed by the Board of Supervisors
at this morning's session, and the work
of the big undertaking can be said to
be fairly under way. It is the most ex
tensive work of the kind ever at
tempted in this county and an esti
mate of the^cost made by Prather
places it at $301,000.
The purpose is to construct a mag
nificent driveway, connecting Oakland
and Hay wards. The proposed road is
to- run along the foothills and gives a
splendid view of the surrounding coun
try. The work of acquiring the right
of way has been going on for several
months and is now . completed. The
surveyor's plans cover the minutest
details of the.w*ork, shov/ing about 150
profile drawings of culverts and
bridges of various sizes, all of which
are. to be constructed of masonry of
the most, enduring character.
Objections to moving a fence by the
heirs of C. S. King and Margaret Wat
son, made before the Supervisors to
day, delayed the work of opening a
road from San Lorenzo to connect with
the main San Iieandro and Haywards
road. The heirs want pay for the* land
and also ask the Supervisors to pay for
the rebuilding of the fences. Super
visor Talcott, in whose district the
proposed road lies, was not ready to
agree to this, and the matter was put
over.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 8.
The rel-itive advantages of Alameda over
many of the Eastern cities that I visited
within the last two months are numerous. V»>
have one of the cleanest and best governed
municipalities in the United States. | One thing
that impressed me on my recent trip East was
the commercial value which residents of East
ern cities r>lace on beauty. Nearly every city,
town and village has a civic organization that
boosts its interests. Alameda is to th» Pacific
Coast what Atlantic City is to the Atlantic
Coast. The great Eastern resort has the most
equitable climate on that side of the con
tinent, as Alameda has on this side.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 8.— Matters con
cerning the welfare of this city and
Alameda County were discussed at a
well-attended meeting of the Alameda
Advancement Association, held in the
City Hall to-night. In the absence of
the president of the organization,
George W. Scott, Vice President Philip
S. Teller officiated. The principal
speakers were Edwin M. Stearns, sec
retary of the Oakland Board of Trade,
and Rev. Frank S. Brush, pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church, who re
turned last week from an extensive
tour of the Eastern States. Rufus P.
Jennings, secretary of the California
Promotion Committee, was scheduled
to deliver an address, but was unable
to be present. He was represented by
H. A. Wright, who- briefly related what
that body was doing toward advertis
ing California.
Stearns, in the course of his talk,
said:
I am pleased at observing so many present
and at the interest manifested in affairs thai
should appeal to the civic pride of all.
Unanimanity of purpose and action is what
brings results in the promotion of the welfare
of a community. This* portion of California is
now becoming imbued with that' spirit of civic
pride which has made Southern California
amous and prosperous. It Is animating Oak
land, Berkeley. Alameda and th» entire county.
I will take advantage of this opportunity to
put myself right with the residents of Alameda
as to my attitude and the attitude of the Oak
land Board of Trade with respect to the
project of consolidation of the cities on the
east side of the bay. Nine years a«o the
Oakland Board of Trade took up the annex
ation proposition and, after carefully investi
gating It, decided that the time for consoli
dation was not ripe. The. Oakland Board of
Trade has considered tbe matter again of late
and It i3 my opinion and the general senti
ment of the members of that organization that
the time for consolidation Is not yet ripe. When
we of Oakland can offer to Alameda as good
street*, schools, government and other ad
vantages that you now possess superior to u«.
then it will be time for us to sug-pp3t to Ala
meda that she Join Oakland. It appears,
though, that the day of annexation is a Ions
way in the future, but I believe that the time
will come when there will exist the city ami
county of Alameda.
Rev. Mr. Brush, in his address, said,
in part:
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Aug. 8.'
Awakened by the sound of a heavy
fall on their front porch at an early
Jiour this morning:, the family of Robert
i?cott, residing at 70S Market street, lis
tened for several minutes to a tierce
struggle, which may have ended in
\ murder. When at daylight Scott mus
tered courage to open his door he found
the porch and steps covered with spots
and splashes of blood, wntle on the
'sidewalk, directly in front of the house,
¦was a large pool of blood, from which
a. small stream had run down into the
potter. On the door are the marks of
a. bloody hand, as if a man, unable to
iise from his knees, had attempted to
reach the bell, but had failed, for none
ofthe stains reach as high as the bell
. handle. • • «
What became of the unfortunate who
left ¦ theee sanguinary traces is a
mystery, for no one saw any in
jured p*rson in the vicinity ofthe
Scott residence -in the early hours
of the morning, and there has
been no one treated at the Re
ceiving Hospital for any injury- that
¦would cause so great a loss of blood.
I Another strange feature of the case is
that the man or woman who was at
the door of the Scott home could have
left the vicinity without leaving a trail
of blood. The wounded person was on
the porch only a few minutes, and the
] amount of blood spilled during that
time indicates that the injury was se
vere enough to have left some trace ii
'the party had walked or been carried
away along the sidewalk. There is.
however, no such trace to be seen, apd
the fact that the blood stains end at
the curb would seem to point out that
the injured person had been taken
away in a carriage or wagon.
None of the members of the family
thought in notify the police while the
injured person was on the porch, al
though there is a telephone in the
house, and even this morning when
Scott saw the blood stains on the steps
end Fideivalk he did not notify the au
thority. He simply washed the stains
from the door and the ?teps and turned
the hose on the walls.
Robert Scott, his wife, two daugh
ters. Mis3 Emma and Miss Nettie Scott,
and a son. Charles li. Scott, were in the
hou«e this morning, and all except the
*on were awakened by the noise on the
front steps. *
TO TAKE GIRL
INTO CUSTODY
King and Watson Heirs
Block the Opening of
the New San Lorenzo Road
Secretary Stearns of the
Oakland Board iof Trade
Explains Body ? s Attitude
Day Reveals Blood on Side
walk and Crimson Hand
Prints Near Door Bell
Democrats Are Again Be
laboring Each Other for
Control of tiie Party
LEAST COST IS $301,000
WOMEN BADLY SCARED
WHO FOR SUPERVISOR?
Supervisors Now Ready to
Let the Contract for
Building the Driveway
CONSOLIDATION PROJECT
Alameda Advancers Hear
Addresses on Subjects
of Interest to the City
Principals of schools, under instruc
tions, refused to admit any pupil to-day
who had not the proper certificate.
Parents' protests were, heard, but in
view of the law they availed nothing.
HAYWARDS, Aug. 8.— The new
grammar school, over which there has
been contention, was not opened to
day. An election will be held to-mor
row to determine whether a direct tax
of £(5000 shall be levied to pay the in
debtedness on the building.
In all cases \Vhere showing of indi
gence Is made the city health authori
ties have vaccinated free of charge. Ap
plications for such treatment can be
made at the offices of the Board of Ed
ucation.
Under direction from the State Board
of Health the Board of Education or
dered a strict adherence to the vaccina
tion law. According to Superintendent
McClymonds there was nothing else to
be done. The only leeway that can be
given is to grant an extension of time
to pupils who shall be reported as not
in physical condition to be vaccinatedl
With respect to such, cases the certifi
cate of a reputable physician must be
presented.
The enrollment of new pupils, those
beginning their school work, has not
leached more than one-half of the num
ber which the School Department of
ficials estimated would be registered.
This is due. they believe, to the fact
that the children nave not been vac
cinated.
Enforcement of the State law requir
ing the vaccination of public school
children caused a perceptible falling oft
in the enrollment of pupils in this city
with the opening of the schools to-day
for the fall term. Approximate figures
ieported to City Superintendent of
Schools J. W. McClymonds show that
there is a drop of between 100 and 500
pupils.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 8.
Marked Cut in Attendance
Laid Against the Opera
tion of the New Statute
EXBOLLMEXT AFFECTED
School Department Orders
All Pupils to Show Cer
tificates From Doctors
Iiepnblieajis; Will Have a
Quiet Time Except in
One Very Lively District
CALL FOR BIDS
ON BOULEVARD
VACCINATION
LAW ENFORCED
an Oakland Residence
ilidni^lit Struggle on Pprcli
Awakens the Sleepers in
DARKNESS VEILS
GORY MYSTERY
NOT YET RIPE
FOR ANNEXATI0N
ONLY ONE BIG
FIGHT IS ON
MEDICO CATCHES
FATAL DISEASE
FROM PATIENT
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST a, 1904.
4
: ADYERTISE3EENTS.
Thousands of sickly people have
' been restored to health and strength
by the use. of the Bitters. Many of
them voluntarily testify that it cured
them of Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Con-
stipation, Biliousness, Kidney Trou-
bles or Malaria. It will cure you, too.
Try it to-day.
CARTERS! CCRE SICK HE/ffiACTEL'"-
Wt\ltFo Genuine Must Bear
1 PILLS Fa=-Simiie Signature
BRANCH OFFK&S
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
. 1016 Broadway. ' m
Telephone Main IOSo.
BEStKELEY.
2 MS Center Street.^
Telephone North 77.
AliAMEDAJ
1135 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda o59.
AUSCELLANEOTS.
* I jr |fffffji^^*~— — | If— ry^ tf^^ if *•*
I I %1^^3 I III Lt_3yM*^j^ if * *
h I -^rkJpR^ ' I If™" c^^ftf* '
MODERN METHODS"
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on a plane much abova
the average. Nothing la done on chance
Each operation Is successful because
carefully considered and skillfully car-
ried out.
TEETH
Made by us will last for many years.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
3 TAYLOB ST.. SAW FSA2TCX3CO.
- 973 Washington St., Oakland.
San Jose. . • _ ¦ . . Sacnua«at<».Wolfe asalnst the same defendants were sub
mitted with the Emery case. In the first
three the defendants make the additional point
that under article 13, section 12, of the
charter rhysielans appointed by or on the
Board at Health are exempt from the pro
visions of the- civil service article. It does
not appear, however, that the respective
plaintiffs were appointed as physicians and I
think therefore 1 - that the cases are not brought
within the exemption relied on. In all other
respects these cases stand on the same ground
as. the Emery case and the same order will
be made as In that case.
Let what you learn In the house of a friend
b« sacred. Yet It were rfo betrayal of hospi
tality to say. "He keeps Old Gilt Ed*e whisker
on his buffet." Wholesale at 2»-31 Battery st.,
'6 F. Wichman, Lutgen & Co. •
The Park Commissioners filed th»ir
annual report yesterday with tha
Board of Supervisors. The receipts
from all sources during the fiscal year
1903-04 have been $342,892 72. After
all expenses were paid there is a byj
ance of $739024 taj the fund. Soma
of .the specific expenditures wera:
Water works. $16,392 02; tennis
courts, $1173 55; roads and walks.
$5893 44; forests. plantation find
reclamation. $30,715 70; structures, in
cluding Haight-street gateway. $10.
775 69; Spreckels Lake, $11.845 97;
Improving small parks, $12,354 23;
improving grounds in Golden Gate
Park, $11,723 74.
Spend Much 3Ioney for Improvements
.During the Year. Yet Have a
Surplus of $7300 21-,
Dr. Charles Willis Needham ad
dressed a large gathering of Daugh
ters of the Revolution and members of
the Washington Memorial Association
£t the Sorosis yesterday. His object
was to rekindle interest in the Georgs
Washington University, which has al
ready been established at the national
capital through the efforts of the
Washington Memorial Association.
The speaker dwelt upon the glowing
possibilities of the institution if given
the aid he maintained it should re
ceive. It is Dr. Needham's purpose ia
make the college a diplomatic univer
sity and to train students that they
may serve their country as well as
Annapolis and West Point graduates.
though in other capacities. It wiSl
take $500,000 to make the institution
what it is intended to be. Of thl»
sum $50,000 is already subscribed.
PARK COMMISSIONERS
FILE ANNUAL REPORT
West Point.
Dr. Needham Would Make That Instl
tition a College to Rank With
I - The purser of the Ventura Informed
j'lnspector Griffith that Chapman had a
: through ticket to Bodie. 111., where J.
M. Chapman, his brother, resided; but
the passenger did not seem to be
aware that he had a brother living.
The old man will be detained pending
investigation.
Unless some friend or relative of
William Chapman appears to claim
him he will be sent back to Australia
by order of the Federal Immigration
officials. Chapman arrived on the
Ventura yesterday from Australia.
United States Immigration Inspector
Griffith questioned Chapman, who is
86 years old, and feeble in body and
mind. Chapman said that he was a
butcher and that he had friends in
this country.
"Where are they?" inquired Inspec
tor Griffith. \
"They're all dead," was the reply.
"Have you any relatives here?"
"Yes; but they're all dead."
"Have you any money?"
"Yes."
"How much?"
"Twenty-five cents."
Friends Are Dead.
Comes Here From Australia With
25 Cents and Says All His
DECREPIT OLD MAN IS I
HELD . ON LINER VENTURA
TAIjKS OF WASHINGTON
MEMORIAL UNIVERSITY
At a meeting of the Yosemite Val
ley Commission yesterday afternoon
at the Hayward building George T.
Harlow was elected guardian to suc
ceed John F. Stevens. Stevens has
held this position for the last four
years. He recently tendered his res
ignation to the commission.
An experiment In oiling the roads in
the valley has not proved successful
and a trial of the method of macad
amizing will begin.
The commission denied Edwin
Fish's application for permission to
operate a captive balloon for the pur
pose of giving extended views to tour
ists visiting the valley.
George Fisk, a photographer, whose
house was destroyed by fire, was
granted permission to erect another
building.
The Commissioners present were C.
G. Gibbons, William G. Kerckhoff,
Frank H. Short, J. C. Wilson, Thomas
A. Hender and J. J. Lermen.
After Ixwik Service John P. Stevens
Resigns and Is Succeeded by
George T. llarlow.
YOSEMTTE COMSflSSIOX
ELECTS XEW GUARDIAN
This Is a suit to enjoin the Auditor from
approving and the Treasurer from paying
salary demands of seven persons appointed by
the Board of Election Commissioners as deputy
registrars. The case now comes before tha
court on a demurrer to the complaint and an
order to etto"w cause why a temporary Injunc
tion should not be issued.
It appears from the complaint that on March
14. 1904, the Board of Election Commissioner*
appointed eeven deputy registrars at a monthly
raiary of $100 each and that none of the per
sona so, appointed had been certified to the
election" commission by the Board of Civil
Service Commissioners. It ls alleged that at
the time there were more than seven candi
dates upon eligible lists of the classified civil
service who could and would have been cer
tified by the civil service.
The defendants contended that tbe plaintiff
would not be Injured by the payment of these
salaries and that In any event he has an
adequate remedy at law by a suit against the
Auditor or Treasurer on their official bonds.
I think there ls no force in the point that tha
Auditor or Treasurer can be nu»d on his offi
cial bond. That is not a remedy available to
the plaintiff; furthermore the same argument
was applicable In the cases cited where -the
remedy was allowed. A
It ls claimed that as tha classifications
the Civil Service Commission contains a cTTSi
of "deputies (Registrar's office),"- and there
were not enough names on that ltst to fill the
places In question, the Boexd of Election Com
missioners was not required to take names
from the lists of ordinary clerks. But it is
alleged that there were more than seven can
didates standing upon the eligible lists of the
Civil Service Commissioners in these two
classes who could and would have been certi
fied to the Board of Election Commissioners.
Under rule 20 adopted by th* Civil Service
Commissioners It rested with them to certify
names from either list.. If In Its opinion those
lists equally conform to the requirements of
the position to be filled, and It was not com
petent for the Election Commissioners to re
fuse names merely because the designation on
the eligible list did not agree with the title
which the Board of Election Commissioners
had given to the clerical assistants whom they
were authorized to employ.
The evidence introduced on the hearing of
the order to show reuse does not in any way
affect the views just expressed.
Superior Judge SIobs yesterday
granted a temporary injunction to pre
vent the payment of the salaries of
twenty-five or thirty deputy registrars
who were appointed by the Board of
Election Commissioners and have been
performing the duties' of their office.
This action was taken in the suit of
Frank J. Symmes, president of the
Merchants' Association, against Audit
or Baehr and Treasurer McDougald.
The court overruled Baehr's demurrer
and ordered that a temporary injunc
tion issue upon the plaintiff's provid
ing a bond in the sum of $1000.
Judge Sloss' ruling upholds the Civil
Service Commission. The wording of
the opinion is sufficiently strong to In
dicate that the present deputy regis
trars were illegally appointed and that
their successors must be named out of
the eligible lists of the Civil Servioe
Board.
Judge Sloss' opinion Is in port as fol
lows: /
and allowing 15 cents for improve
ments may- conflict with the proposed
increases.
.City Attorney Long advised the
board that all amendments to the
charter must be submitted to the elec
torate at a general or, special election
held at least forty days after the pub
lication for twenty days of the pro r
poaed amendment. ... ,
But not every appointment made by the
board would constitute the appointee an of
ficer. He might, by virtue of the charter
section under discussion, be either an officer,
agent or employe. Whether he fell within
one or another of these classes would depend
upon a consideration of the terms of his
employment, the/ nature of his duties, the
permanent or occasional character of his em
ployment, the method of compensation and
the various other criteria which go to de
termine whether a given employment Is or
l s not a public office.
- The application In the case at bar does not
disclose the terms of the resolution under
which the position formerly occupied by the
plaintiff was created, the nature of the duties,
or the amount or method of his compensation.
The application Itself, however, repeatedly de
scribes the Post of secretary as an "office,"
and as a pleading is to be construed most
strongly against the pleader It must be taken
upon this demurrer that the application shows
the plaintiff to be a public officer and there
fore not entitled to the relief sought.
• It is possible, however, that- a full dis
closure of the circumstances attending the
appointment and employment of the plaintiff
would show that he was merely an asent or
employu of th« board»and he should therefore
have an opportunity /o amend his application
in order to show these facts If possible.
The demurrer will accordingly be sustained,'
with leave to-- amend within ten days.
The cases J of Hartley, Green, Curtis and
It follows that so far as public officers In
the service of the city and county of San
Francisco are concerned, the provisions of the
civil service article of the charter to the
effect that they shall not be removable except
for cause, upon written charges and after an
opportunity to be heard (article 13, section
12), are in conflict with the constitution of the
State and void. This does' not, however, af
fect the validity of the provisions of the char
ter requiring the appointment of officers by
competitive examination, except in bo far
as such provisions may In part be open to
some other objection. The two features of the
civil service scheme enacted In the charter,
to wit: appointment by competitive examina
tion and tenure during good behavior, are not
so inseparably Interwoven that the Invalidity
of the attempted tenure Involves the defeat of
the "merit system" of appointment.
It becomes Important, therefore, to deter
mine whether or not Eraery was a publla of
ficer; for, if he was and held at the pleasure
of the defendant board, he is neither entitled
to be reinstated to the office from which, as
In alleged, they have sought to remove him,
nor, If he were so entitled, could he estab
lish his right in this form of proceeding. *
It Is not easy to determine what constitutes
a public office as distinguished from an em
ployment. The definitions of public office given
by various text writers and decisions vary. •
• • It would seem clear that any person
described In the charter to whom a definite
governmental function or duty Is entrusted at
a fixed salary and whose function Is designated
by some specific title is an officer. The
secretary of the Board of Health' does not
come within this class. He was appointed un
der the provision of article 10, section 5 of
the charter reading as follows: "The board
(of health) may appoint such officers, agents
and employes as may be necessary for the
proper and efficient carrying out and enforce
ment of the purposes and duties of the board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe their
duties." The charter then does not Itself
create the office of secretary of the Board of
Health" it merely gives to the board the
power to appoint officers, agents and em
ployes. • • * '
APPLICATION INDEFINITE.
A law which merely directs that an officer
shall not be removed without just cause does
not "declare" the term of such officer within
tha meaning of the constitution, and he Is ac
cordingly . removable at the pleasure- oX tha
power appointing him.
CHARTER PROVISION VOID.
Each of these propositions rests upon tha
basis that the place or position occupied by
Emery was an "office" and that he was an
''officer." If the position in question was an
"employment." as distinguished from an
"office," the writ of mandate could properly
be used to: restore plaintiff to such position,
assuming that he was unlawfully 1 excluded
therefrom. And, If It was not an office, there
is nothing in the constitutional provision above
cited to prevent the plaintiff's tenure being
'during good behavior.
On the other hand. If Emery was an "offi
cer" he cannot resort to a writ of mandate
to restore him to the office to which he claims
to be entitled for the reason that the title
to public office will not be determined In man
damus proceedings, but only In quo warranto.
And again. If Emery held an offlco he held
It (despite the charter provision) at the pleas
ure of the board appointing him. This result
follows from the terms of the constitution
(article XX, eectlon 16) above referred to,
¦which ' provides that "when the term of any
officer or commissioner Is not provided for In
this constitution the term 'of such officer or
commissioner may bs declared by law, and If
not so declared euch officer or commissioner
shall hold his office as such officer or com
missioner during the pleasure, of the author
ity making the appointment; .but in no c&aa
sliall euch term exceed four years."
The attempt of James A. Emery to
Induce the Superior Court to reinstate
him as secretary of the Board of Health
got a setback yesterday In the ruling
of Judge Sloss, who sustained the de
murrer of the defendants, but gave
Emery leave to amend his complaint
within ten days. The cases of Drs.
Hartley, Green and Curtis, who were
appointed as sanitary inspectors, and
Wolfe, appointed to a position at the
County Hospital, all of whom wer« re
moved, were submitted at the same
time, and Judge Sloss' opinion applied
to each case.
The opinion of Sloss is important In
that it raises the question of distinc
tion between "office" and "employ
ment" In the public service, and inti
mates that the oitv charter is in con
flict with the State constituion in is at
tempt to make appointees of municipal
boards unremovable except for cause.
The substance of Judge Sloss' opinion
follows:
TWa la an application by Jumei A. Etaary
ror a writ of mandate to compel tha mem
ber* of the Board of Health of the City and
County of San Francisco to restore Mm to
tno position or office o< secretary of Uw Board
?om He& l th - ~ U ts *"«*«* to »t on March 29,
1901, the Civil Service Commission certified
to the Board of Health the name of the peti
tioner, wUo had theretofore taken and passed
the civil service examination, and that on the
same flay the board appointed him secretary;
that on January «, 1804. the defendants abol
ished tbe position of secretary and created a
new position under the name of depoty health
oftloer. to which they appointed one Louis
Levy.
It Is farther altered that the duties of
deputy health officer are similar to th« duties
of secretary u.n£ that the defendants. In abol
ishing the one position and creating the other,
acted !n bad faith.
The defendants argu« that under the char
ter, they had the power to abolish th« plain
tiff's office, or employment, and that, as this
power has been exercised. th« plaintiff cannot
be restored to a position which no longer
exists. But. on the demurrer, tbe allegations
of the plaintiff as to the circumstances of the
abolition and Its purposes are to be taken as
admitted. It has been held In a number of
cases arising, under a civil service law similar
In its main provisions to that declared In tha
charter that, although tber* Is pow«r to
abolish a position, the courts wlU. neverthe
less, disregard a pretended abolition made in
bad faith and for the purpose of removing or
supplanting the oocuDant. Any other rule
would entirely destroy tha effect of th© civil
service provisions of tha charter In so far as
they s?ek to protect the tenure of employes.
A more Berious objection to tha application
is raised by the contentions that mandamus
is not the proper remedy, and that the pro
vision of the charter giving the plaintiff the
right to hold his position until removed for
cause is In conflict with the constitution of
the State.
The amendment also provides that
each member of the Fire Department
shall have fifteen days' vacation each
year and four days off of twenty-four
hours each every month, thus
making a/ total of sixty-three
days' vacation in one year. The
increases will , , affect flf ty-nin^
captains at $30 per month, or
$1770; fifty-nine lieutenants at $25, or
$1475; thirty-seven engineers at $10,
or $370;,\flve hostlers at $15, or $75,
and 360 hosemen at $10, or $3600, a
total of $7290 monthly. The city will
have to meet the sixty-three days'
vacation, requiring an additional ex
penditure, which will bring the total
cost to $9000 or $10,000 monthly. The
fact that another amendment will be
submitted limiting the tax rate for
municipal expenditures to S5 cents
Captains, $120 to $150; lieutenants,
$100 to $125; engineers, $112 50 to
$122 50; hosemen, after two years'
service.. $100 to $110; hostlers, $60 to
$75.
The intention is to subordinate the
engineers to the lieutenants as regards
salaries and there is liable to be some
friction in this connection, as the en
gineers propose to petition for an
amendment to increase their salaries
to $140, as prevailed under the old
consolidation act.
Under the law when 15 per cent of
the electors petition for a charter
amendment it is mandatory on the
Board of Supervisors to submit it to
the people. The board, however, may
submit an alternative amendment and
in this particular may amend by fix
ing the salaries at some other figure
than petitioned for.
FIFTEEN DAYS' VACATION.
Petitions signed by some 12,300 qual
ified electors, requesting the Submis
sion of a charter amendment provid
ing for increases In the salaries of cer
tain members of the Fire Department
and the fixing of a regular vacation
therefor, were filed yesterday with the
Board of Supervisors. The petitions
were referred to the Charter Amend
ment Committee.
The Droposed amendment provides
for monthly increases in salaries as
follows:
Another amendment was adopted pro
viding that firemen's pensions shall be
not less than $35 per month. The
amendment will Increase the pensions
of five firemen from $22 50 to $35. and
of twelve others from $17 BO to $35.
City Attorney Long filed an opinion
that It is within the power of the board
to submit a charter amendment pro
viding that real estate belonging to
the School Department may be leased
for a term of fifty years on condition
that the improvements erected thereon
shall equal the appraised value of the
lot. The amendment, which was adopt
ed, also provides that the Improve
ments shall revert to the city at the
end of the leasehold.
On recommendation of the Cl-arter
Amendment Committee the board
adoptad Supervisor Hocks' proposed
amendment to the charter providing
that any reputable applicant who has
been refused a permit to sell liquor by
the Police Commissioners after a hear
ing may appeal to the Board of Super
visors, who shall have power to Issue a
license if it finds that the permit was
refused for no Just cause.
Another amendment was adopted re
pealing the section permitting the Tax
Collector to employ a special attorney
for the collection of delinquent taxes.
Still another amendm .t was intro
duced and referred to the Charter
Amendment and Finance Committee.
It provides that the limitation In sec
tion 13 of chapter 1, article 3, upon the
rate of taxation, shall not apply in
the case of the interest upon the claims
for materials furnished to and work
done for the city and upon unpaid
teachers' salaries, the payment of
which was authorized by a constitu
tional amendment and gives the Su
pervisors the right to levy a special
tax to pay ouch Interest.
MOKE PAT FOR FIREMEN.
"It is a matter of perfeot Indifference
to me," said Mayor Schmitz, who was
seen after the meeting,' "what action
has been taken by the Supervisors on
my vetoes. The charter provides that
all proposed charter amendments shall
be adopted by ordinances, and as such
must be sent to me for my approval or
disapproval. If the Board of Super
visors fails to vote on my vetoes within
thirty days the vetoes stand of them
selves. In the event that. any attempt
is made to submit the amendments
vetoed I shall notify the Election Com
mission not to place the propositions
on the official ballot."
' In all likelihood mandamus proceed
ings will be instituted to compel the
Election Commission to submit the
amendments. This course was Infor
mally discussed by some Supervisors,
but no definite plan was outlined.
The amendments numbered 3, 4, 5
and 6, together with the one modifying
the dollar limit of taxation so that 85
cents shall be used for municipal ex
penditures and 15 cents for public im
provements, which one the Mayor
/signed, were ordered to be published
for a period of twenty days.
The Charter Amendment Committee
reported that charter amendment No.
2 was Imperfect owing to a clerical er
ror, which omitted to state the chapter
and article of the charter designed to
be amended, and relative to the use of
the Income of any public utility. The
error was corrected' and the amend
ment was readopted.
. O1T1ER AMENDMENTS.
Supervisor d'Ancona, who presided at
yesterday's meeting of the Board of
Supervisors during the temporary ab
sence of the Mayor, ruled that the five
proposed charter amendments which
were vetoed by Mayor Schmitz were
not adopted in the form 'of ordinances
or resolutions, and were therefore not
subject to the approval of the city's
chief executive. The proposed amend
ments are designed to take away from
the Fire Commissioners the power to
award contracts and '- place It in the
handa of the Supervisors; to al
low progress payments on pub
lic contracts; to prescribe a dis
trict within which it is prohibited
to blast; to require the approval of tha
Supervisors of any permit Issued by
tha Board of Public Works for blast
ing operations, • and to permit of tha
spending of any revenue from any pub
lic utility that may hereafter be ac
quired. Th« vetoes were read by title
and were ordered to be placed on file,
there being no objection to that course.
D'Ancona did not explain the reason
for sending the amendments to the
Mayor In the first place, merely saying
that they had been sent by Clerk Fay,
and not by the board. .
WILL PREVENT SUBMISSION.
Court Says Deputies Should
Have Been Selected Frorn^
List of Eligible Clerks
Declares He Will Direct
Election Commission Not
to Submit Propositions
Judge Sloss Suggests a Con
flict With Constitution.
Other Cases Are Involved
UPHOLDS CIVIL SERVICE
POINT AGAINST CHARTER
SCHMITZ UP IN ARMS
Emery's Suit for Reinstate
ment as Its Secretary Re
ceives Temporary Setback
Superior Judge Restrains
Payment of Salaries of
Many Illegal Appointees
Rule That Charter Amend
ments Are Not Subject to
Veto of City's Executive
SLOSS AGAINST
THE REGISTRAR
HEALTH BOARD'S
POWER DEFINED
DAIRY RULES
ARE ADOPTED
BOARD OF JURY
IS EXPENSIVE
Supervisors Learn Appropri
ation * Is Inadequate for
-the Eppinger Trial Alone
Supervisors Finally Pass Or
dinance Insuring the San
itary Handling of Milk
SIXTY. XEW GAS LAMPS
BIDS FOE BOND ISSUE
Board of Works Ib Directed
to. Install Lights at Dif
ferent Designated Points
Time When Proposals Will
Be Received for Serials
Is Extended to October 3
The Clerk was directed to advertise
for proposals for printing 1500 munic
ipal reports for 1903-1904.
The City Attorney advised the board
as to the correct form of lease of prem
ises at Polk street and Locust avenue,
to be used as a detention station for
Juvenile offenders. -
Ordinances were passed to print pro
viding for. the acceptance of Green^
wich street, between Franklin and Van
Ness avenue; Hickory avenue, between
Buchanan and Webster streets; Sixth
avenue, between II and I streets; Fifth
avenue, between H and I streets; I
street, between Fifth and Seventh ave
nues; Hugo street, between Fifth and
Seventh avenues; Green street, be
tween Webster and Fillmore, and
Chattanooga street, between Twenty
first and Twenty-seconTl. i -
Grades were ordered on Six
teenth street at Noe, Market and Cas
tro.
M. C. Hogan was granted permission
to blast for grading purposes on Coso
avenue, between Bernal and Precita
avenues.
Street and sewer work were ordered
on Belvedere street, between Haight
and Waller; Helen street, near Cali
fornia, and West Mission street, oppo
site the termination of Hermann.
J. J. Dowllng obtained an extension
of sixty days to construct stone side
walks on Eighteenth street, between
Clover alley and Danvers street.
The petition of citizens calling at
tention to a violation of the law re
quiring all sideweok elevators to be
equipped with a safety device was re
ferred to the Fire Committee. The pe
tition says that Instead of using a
device called for by the ordinance,
the Board of Works adheres to the
old .arch style that rises with the plat
form, thus endangering the live* of
pedestrians.
Ordinances were finally passed as
follows:
Authorising* the final payment of (8000 on an
appropriation of- H5.CO0 to the committee In
charge of the Ban Francisco exhibit at the. St.
Louis Fair.
Ordering the construction of water works at
the new pesthouse.
Prohibiting the sal* of goods an* of ram
bling- on the ocean baach.
Extending the tlm« when bids will be re
ceived for the sala of the bond lasus for pub
lic Improvements until October 3, 100i, pend>
Ing a decision of the Supreme Court on the
validity of the Issue.
Ordering street work on I street, between
Fourteenth and Seventeenth avenues; Frederl
lck street, between Masonic and De Long ave
nues; Bryant street, between Nineteenth and
Twentieth. • ,
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
finally passed tbe ordinance prescribing
rules for dairies and the sanitary
handling of milk, as recommended by
the Board of Health. The Mayor has
expressed his Intention to sign the
measure so that it will shortly become
a law.
John Wuorine, a sailor, selected a
cheap and semi-religious place in
which to die by his own hand. He
engaged a 10-cent bed in the Union
Mission headquarters, 626 Washington
street, last Sunday night. At 9:80
o'clock yesterday morning he was
found dead, lying upon his bed, with
the valve of the gas burner open.
Wourine was a native of Finland and
was naturalized In Seattle a few years
ago.
Dies by Gas.
The following named taxpayers were
sworn In yesterday as a Federal Grand
Jurf by United States District Judge
de Haven: George R. Shreve, William
A. Brace. C. F. Andrews, James Mier-
Eon, George M. Mitchell, J. P. Jour
den, John Falconer, A. Pallies, C. C.
Hoag; M. C. Harris, Joseph Korn, G.
H. Falrchild, John J. Doyle, George
W. Downey, George A. Hensley, Peter
Wheelan. S. T. Blake. De Witt Clinton
Moore, William C. Herbert, T. W.
Armstrong, M. J. Keller (foreman),
William Levensaler, James C. Haughy.
New Federal Grand Jury.
• Si^jerior . Judr« La-wlor yesterday
;.i«*vre"a a court order to Auditor Baehr
lor the payment of 12810 60 for ex
.peRge3' lncurred - by the Jacob Eppin
t«- fury for room, board and carriage
.hire,-*.* an 4 telephone service. The
B.sard.pf Supervisors appropriated but
Jt800 -la the present municipal budget
/or. expenses of Juries In criminal
cases .aud as the expenses already in
curred in this one case are more than
treble .that amount the board Is con
fronted with a serious difficulty. The
Flnanoe ; Committee considered the
matter * yesterday. The court order
must tie paid under the State law, and
Auditor Baehr wasted the urgent
ceoeseity fund drawn upon for the
purpose. . but the Finance Committee
finally directed that the order be paid
out of the ereneral fund.
Tbe assessment, warrant and dia
gram iesued by ths Board of Works
tor the expense of the work of con
structing a sewer to South Park and
la Center place was approved and con
armed and the appeal at Flinn &
Treacy from, the assessment was de
nied.
Tbe Hayes Valley Club obtained an
*naateiir boxing permit for August 25.
The Board of Works was directed to
request the San Francisco Gas Com
pany* to Install sixty eras lamps at the
following locations:
August tUey, bei-Reea Unkm «ai Gre»n
•tr*«ts; Fourteenth street, brtweea Walter and
Xoe; Jcri street. 100 feet from San Jose ave
nue; Crockw street, befween. Mission and
"Stevenson; Dorlaad street, west of Church;
TXn-lar.d street, east of Sacchez; Locust ave
nue, vest of Franklin; Ferine street, weft of
Btelter; Elliott park, wet* of Stelner street;
fiteiner street, between Post and Sutler; Ivy
avecue. between Buch&aas and Webster
streets; A*h avenue, east of Buchanan street;
ivy avenue, east of Buchanan rtreet; Walter
•tr«««, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth;
K!mba21 place, off Sacramento street; Green
ttreet. .west of Franklin: Green street, east of
Crctgfc; Myrtle avenue, betweea Franklin and,
Gougi^ streets; Webster street, between Green
s^tl Union; Koe street, between Nineteenth
and Hancock; northwest corner of Greenwich
ajjti Gcrti£h streets; Eureka street, south of
Seventeenth; Eighth avenu* and H street;
r.:cbth avenue, routh of II street; Eighth ave
nue, north of I street ; Ninth avenue, south of
M Ftreet;' Ninth avenue, north of N street;
">aCi avenue and J street; Ninth avenue. 1W)
le?i "fifrrth of J street; Seventh avenue, south
«>f I strt't; Seventh avenue, north of J street;
northeast porrer Sixth avenue and H street;
Pixth^ avenue, between H and Hugo streets;
*outh*ea*t corner Huco str»et and Sixth ave
nue: Eixth avenue, between Hugo and I
Ftjeets; southeast comer of Sixth avexrue end
I street; Eighteenth street, between Capp and
wlstkn; Eighteenth etreet. between Carp and
Howard; Nineteenth street, between Capp
"end 'Mlreicn; Nineteenth street, between Capp
and Howard; Nineteenth etreet. between Shot
vrM.and Mr-ward; Twentieth street, between
fhofR*!! .anri Howard; Twenty-?econd street.
!ft»/>fn Howard Red Capp; Twenty-second
street, between Howard and FhotweU; Tw^nty
siiird ftrpft, between Mission and Barrett:
.'I '«-ecty-third street, between Mission and
'"arc: Twenty-third rtreet, between Howard
end Car©; Twrr-ty-thlrd street, between. How
•ard and Ehotwell; Twer.ty-rourth street, be
tw&a Bsxtlett and Mission; TT7entj"-fo\irth
»trett rf 1-etween Capp ar.d Mission; Twtnfj'-
r ourth - street, between Capp and Howard;
Tv.cnt'y-fourth Btrett. between Ehotwell and
I! -v.'ara; Tvrecty-£it.h etre*;t. between Mission
'•nd Bartlett; Twenty-fifth street, between
, >.i sp'oa an<i Capp; Twenty-flTta street, be
't»»en Howard and Capp; Twenty- fifth street,
L«"tw«?n Howard and Shotwell.
Clerk-Carrier Wanted.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that a clerk
carrier examination will be held at
Jliverside, Aug^sf 27. Age limit. 18
to 45 years. Apply to the local secre
idry. postoffice. Riverside, or to the lo
<••«! secretary of the Board of Civil
Service Examiners, San Francisco, for
explication form 1371, which should
be filed with the district secretary at
San Francisco not later than 4 p. m.
on ' AugTJSt 22, 1904. Attention Is
'called to the fact that prior to the ex
amination it ls not necessary to exe
cute the medical certificate on form
13M.
SUPERVISORS
IGNORE MAYOR
THE Sx\N FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, AUGUST, 9, 1904.
5
ApviiJt.xiSJij>£fc^\'X'S.
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE
Wliile our imnirnense display iff&clmidles
many elaborate productions, we devote
special attention to Furniture which in
combining simplicity with comfort is
exceedingly artistic. We call
attention to our Martha « Washington
Writing Tables, also our Colonial Renais-
sance- and Mission Library Tables; all
Fall importations. '
FURNITURE-CARPETS - RUGS • DRAPERIES-
114r~122 POST ST., S.F.
¦¦iMimiiii m tt,., UIJ l- l .. l ..,ss ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦—
0 . -•
~^ KEWADyjamsEME^^ ill££2!
Cares dacdruM. Stops teAlng h*3r"lKelieve7ltcMnf.
Th* ORIGINAL rated? that "kills the Dandruff Ocm."
<£OlNGrl <3O1I4G-!S GONE!)!
rancoE wiiTwie it. tartan vai. un it. uq ute m »£<fi:in«.
A PUBLIC TOOTH BRIJ^H thatwlll. sooner orUter. cause b*!*ness. Awrttef
*% r\/0I*tV« IWin BRVOn ta m,*^ r 1v 1«w of R«vtew* «*ys. -School
A noted dermttoJorljt sayj. "The time Is coralae children sTscuU know that It Is dirty t» uw an-
whea an unstcrillied public hair brush will be as o thar's hair brush." Newbro's Herpiclie renders
rare as a public tooth brush." The reason U public hair brushes harmless by destroying th*
that dirty hair brushes spread dandruff, and true dandruff microbe. A delightful hair dresstac-
dandruff Is now known to be a coatagtoas disease Gives wonderful results.
0nnJtKW.t1.0a Sttflifc. Stags, to BOflCIBE C8. 0*L & Dtttll Htt, to 1 sup*
| AggMCATioara at paoamreirr babbes shops.
Ye Olde English Inn,
14<-MR£on st. Just one trial at Babs ft
Jules'. Tfcafs alL •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ For Infanta and Children.
The Kind You Have
Always Bought
r £L It §W
* lm V" M ** ***** \ i IE) y
AbLSm**.* 1 >'$ ft,/! ' -
JnmJm* * \ % f\. FlliA 1 II
»2=2=1_J I Af A R Ilcfi
Aperfccl Remedy forConsfiptv m I « fp UOU
Yi9n,SourStonvach,Diarrhoea <m\ \&j
Worms .Convulsions, Feverish- M\ Rf C#*» Hurt*
ness and Loss of Sleep, m \£* I" D 1 UVBl
Facsimile Signature of ;|>j
><2£<#7^^r 1 Thirtv Yoorc
THC eCMTAUff O6MPANT. NCW VOftft CITY.
0
THE BEST AFLOAT OR ASHOREheard "in camera," but she was grant
ed the relief she sought and was once
more free •with her youth and beauty
to make another brilliant match if
she wished. However, instead of this
expected denouement, society received
another surprise when a few months
later it became known that the
Marchioness had again applied to the
courts and this time to have the an
nulment of her marriage quashed.
Again English law proved compliant;
the order was rescinded and the mat
rimonial noose was once more around
their necks. What caused the March
ioness to change her mind or what
were her motives in so speedily resum
ing a bondage after she had got rid of
it remain a mystery, for as before the
proceedings were secret, but it has
been maliciously suggested that it was
done to spite the Marquis, who too
openly rejoiced in his deliverance
from the incumbrance of a wife.
The Marquis of Anglesey's folly and
extravagance have furnished a theme
for much unctious moralizing and all
manner of condemnation and denun
ciation have been heaped upon him.
But really he is as much the victim
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
Fpecial Correfpondence of The Call.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
. HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
1ARDEN. LONDON, July 25. — Vast
s' different at present are the respec
ive lots of the Marquis and the Mar-
'A Titled Spendthrift.
A black snake about two feet long
caused a panic in a church out in
Queens during a Sunday morning ser
vice this summer. The congregation
Was composed largely of women, and
A Vivid Instance.
CATALJNA ISLAND — Subscriber.
City. The Government does not lay
any claim to Catalina I3kind. The
island a number of years ago became
the property of the International Syn
dicate Company, then the ownership
passed to a party named Shateau. who
sold it to an English syndicate, but it
reverted to Shateau and in time he
disposed of It to the present owners,
the Banning family.
TRAINING STATION— A. O. S..
Monterey, Cal. For Information rela
tive to enlisting a minor at the train
ing station at Yerba Buena Island, ad
dress a communication to "The United
States Training Station, Yerba Buena
Island, San Francisco, Cal.," and there
will be sect you a circular of informa
tion. The minimum of ago at admis
sion Is 15 and the maximum is 17.
MRS. TINGLEY— M. B., City. Mrs.
Katherine A. Tingley, the high priest
ess of the Theosophists, was in charge
of the home at Point Loma, near San
Diego, an Institution in the interest of
the Theosophists. An account of this
home was published In The Call on
Sunday, August 5, 1900. page 20.
POLICE — Subscriber. City. The fol
lowing is the proportion of police to
the population of the cities named:
New York. 1 to 315; Chicago, 1 to
38 4: Philadelphia. 1 to 309; St. Louis.
1 to 587; Boston, 1 to 400; Baltimore.
1 to 524; Cincinnati. 1 to 559, and San
Francisco, 1 to 650.
The Mexican Government has placed a ban upon the
importation of firearms at several of her most important
ports, the purpose of our southern neighbor being to
lessen the power of her malcontents to create dis
turbances and wage internecine war. Mexico may learn
to her cost that such paternalism, however well inten
tioned, may overreach itself and bring forth an evil
greater than that which threatens. It is far better to
fight a dissatisfied man armed with a gun than contend
with an assassin equipped with dynamite.-
The Democrats of Alanreda County are illustrating in
their interesting selves one of the amusing oddities of
modern American politics. The followers of Jefferson,
overwhelmingly outnumbered by Republicans in the
home of Governor Pardee and a host of other officials,
are approaching a breach of the peace in their violence
to wrest their organization from one another. If this
isn't love's labor lost the phrase means nothing. Fight
ing for the privilege of leading one's fellow citizens to
defeat surely is not an unmixed pleasure.
A merry war of responsibility is being waged by the
Coroner, the Police Courts and the Police Department
to determine who is to blame for thugism in this city.
While crimination and recrimination are at their height
in this timely and essentially public inquiry it might be
well for the contestants to put their heads together, ac
cept the viewpoint of the rest of us, and concern them
selves less with fixing blame-than with ridding San Fran
cisco of the most cowardly and desperate of offenders.
Science has practically exterminated the mosquito in
Honolulu, and the. triumph over many desperate and
highly contagious diseases is complete. If some man of
wisdom, patient and crafty enough, will follow up this
victory by laying violent hands upon the disturbing bug
which is playing such sad havoc with the morals of Ha
waiian public officials, the happiness of our island fel
low citizens should be reasonably complete.
PASSENGER CAPACITY — J. K..
Vallejo, Cal. There is no official rec
ord of the seating capacity of the ferry
steamers plying on the bay of San
Francisco. The managers say that
they "Do not care to give out the
exact or even approximate number."
Anszi'ers to Queries.
A breeze blows in at the window here.
with the music of wind-swept
leaves;
The patter of rain on a farmhouse roof
and a flash of the trickling eaves;
The glimpse of a long, long lane that
turns and winds among the trees;
The scent of clover and mint and thyme
and the buzz of humblebees;
A breeze blows in at the window here,
with the sickles' harvest tune.
The ripple and splash of a rock-bound
stream and and the light of a har
vest moon,
That filters away through the leaves and
boughs In a yellow filigree;
A breeze blows in at the window here
that is fraught with memory.
Here is the tower of a granite pile and
here is an endless wall
Of brick and stone, with the misty light
of the city over all.
Up from the street comes a ceaseless din,
and the rattle of wheels on stone.
But the breeze blows in at the window
here, with the scent of a rose, half
blown;
With the tinkle far of a schoolhouso bell
and. the cry of lads at play.
The murmuring chant of the forest deep
and the fields that stretch away
To the rising hills, where the moon is
hid. till the yellow flames arise
As the rays of a night-lamp swung for
us through the arch of star-gemmed
skies.
Here are the streets where the toilers
are, and the din of busy wheels,
But a breeze blows in at the window
here like a welcome thief,, and steals
The glow of the city streets away, and
the pulsing roar grows dim
In the melody of a church bell's chime
and the chant of an evening hymn.
The stony streets are turfy paths and
the city's din and roar
Is the far-off, note of the woodland wild
or the break of waves on shore.
When the free-winged winds from the
far hills blow, and the tears that
dim the eye
Are dewdrops on wood violets in the
cloistered dells that lie.
A breeze comes In at the window here.
like a soothing message blown
From the world of birds and trees and
flowers to the world of brick and
stone;
Cries out to the heart that is cased and
barred and bids it spread It3 wings
For a little while and wander back where
the sweet-voiced wild bird sings;
The tinseled glow of the city pales in
the light of the yellow moon
That filters down through the bows and
leaves, and the joy of the wild bird's
tune
Kings out in a song of welcome home;
while the city's roar grows dim
In the rhyme arid chime of the old
church bell and the note of an even
ing hymn!
-^J. W. Foley. in New York Times.
Ten-Story Reverie.
Bred in the Leaf.
"That's Wiltse of Boston," said tho
man of extensive acquaintance, jerking
his thumb toward a slim, emaciate ot
the Down Hast type., "He belonged to
the group of tobacco capitalists who
some years ago set out to revolutionize
the cigar industry and wipe Cuba off
the map. They loaded a ship with Con
necticut and Virginia crops of the weed
and sailed around the pearl of the An
tilles for two or three months to cure
the leaf in Cuban air so's to get the
genuine Havana flavor. Great scheme!
They had a hundred men at work
hanging out the tobacco daily for an
airing, just as a farmer turns his hay
to cure, and the old ship would run
up and down the coast In all sorts of
weather. But it didn't -work. Connec
ticut remained Connecticut; Virginia.
Virginia. They didn't happen to strike*
the microbe." — New York Press.
THE COLONEL. IS PONDEROUS.
WHILE BIO HAT MURPHY 13
THIN AND AIRSOME.
colonel and Bis Hat Murphy tried to
tangle up with the nearest fixed star.
"The colonel is ponderous and heavy,
while Big Hat Murphy Is thin and air
some. Somewhere in the cerulean void
they met. 'Bet you $200,' says the
colonel, 'that I hit the ground first.'
1" 'You're on,' says Murphy, as he
tried to hook his left arm over the
moon.
"The colonel lost by a fraction of a
second. He went down into his linen
trousers and dug up the coin.
" 'Now let's go and find them
broncs,' he said."
Even In common robbery the Orient
has picturesque ways peculiar to it
self. A Burmese woman traveling In a
third-class compartment by the day
train recently was reclining in the car
riage with one of her arms out of the
window somewhere near Sltkwin. on
the Burma State Railway, when some
one came along the footboard and
cut her arm clean off, apparently with
a sharp sword. On the lost hand
were rings with the usual accompani
ment of bangler.
Robbery Made Easy.
IN the London Daily Chronicle of a recent issue
George Meredith, last of the great Victorian novel
ists and now an old man waiting for death, emerges
from the long silence of the sickroom to express him
self with characteristic vigor upon leading questions of
the day in England and in the broader world theater.*
Together with some .caustic comments upon the trend
of the church, the drift:of politics and the present aspect
of literature and joJr&>alism, the aged novelist has to
say concerning the^iritish army and British loyalty
much which must carry a barbed sting to the self-satis
fied military caste in the United Kingdom.
"All our battles are soldiers' battles," says Meredith,
"and our army will remain a chaos as long as it is con
trolled by a singularly unintellectual, ill-educated and
unbusinesslike class. The Salvation Army might teach
them a lesson, or our railway companies."
"The fear of death is the real cause of the English
objection to conscription," continues Meredith in eluci
dating the broader aspect of what seems to him the de
cadence of the military spirit. ''Men come to
me and say their trade would suffer, or they could not
spare two years from thein. apprenticeship. Their real
meaning is they are afraid of being called out and get
ting" shot "at. So they pay others to do the killing and
dying for them. As it is .80.000 Germans could march
through England from end to end."
That is right from the shoulder. It tells plain things
in a plain way, plainer even than Kipling has put them
in his poems to the glorification of Tommy Atkins.
Judging from editorial comment upon these utterances
the cap fits the British head so snugly that it binds
somewhat and galls not a little. With the enormous
debt for the years of fighting necessary to reduce the
Boers looming large before them, our .friends across
the pond believe that they see thus put boldly into print
what they have dared only to think since Spion Kop
and Colenso. "Is it true?" is not so universal a ques
tion as "How long has it been true?"
Being distinctly a military nation, Great Britain tole
rates open discussion of the inside operations of . its
army very little more gracefully than does Kaiser Wil
liam. To the masses there, as to the world outside, it
is only the occasional incident given publicity that may
point the wind. Very fresh in the minds of all Ed
ward's subjects are the recent investigations into the
conduct of the war in South Africa, which disclosed
some very ugly revelations of incompetency in high
places and even cowardice where cowardice should be
least expected. There followed the drastic measures of
army reorganization, and the incident was closed to pub
lic view.
George Meredith has spoken fearlessly and for the
good of the British. Such utterances should strike
home. Even though they come from an old ma,n and
one presumed by reason of his trade to be unpractical,
they ring of truth.
Sir Charles Brooke, the only English
man who can boast of being an Asiatic*
monarch and whose sovereignty over
the sultanate of Sarawak, in the Island
of Borneo, with its population of near &
million, is recognized by King Edward
as subject to British suzerainty, has
just issued a proclamation appointing
his eldest son and heir, Vyner ( Brooke,
to act as stadtholder and viceroy of
Sarawak. Sir Charles, who expressly
declares that he does not abdicate his
throne, explains that age and growing
Infirmities have led him to transfer the
task of administering the government
of his sultanate to his eldest son. who
bears the title of Rajah Muda, who
will henceforth be "entitled to use the
swallow-tail flag of the sovereign on
sea and on land, and likewise the yel
low umbrella," which is in Sarawak tno
emblem of rulership.
Rajah Brooke.
MEREDITH ON THE BRITISH ARMY.
President Roncovieri of the Board of Education, dur
ing a trip through the Eastern States, has made, ob
servation of conditions which, while not altogether new,
is timely. He finds that San Francisco is not by any
means as liberal or as artistic in its provision for the
construction of school buildings as are New York, Phila
delphia and Chicago. Let us hope that Mr. Roncovieri
will use the great leverage of his official position to ad
vance the cause that has been more, neglected and is
perhaps more important than most others we might dis
cuss for civic pride.
"Let us cast the old serpent of sin
out of our hearts, as Deacon Hawkins
has cast this serpent from the Lord's
house." — New York Sun.
when they saw the reptile wriggling
up the center aisle several rushed out
of the church.
That 'didn't feaze the snake, though.
He had his eye on the preacher and
he crawled straight toward the pulpit.
The preacher was almost hynotized
into silence as he saw Satan's proto
type coming down the aisle.
When his snakeship had reached
the front seat, a deacon with whita
whiskers spotted him. The deacon
poked his gold-headed cane under tho
reptile, which instantly coiled about it.
and so was borne out of the church,
much to the relief of all present.
When the deacon returned to hia
seat the preacher said:
"You know, they license gambling
down there and the money goes to the
school fund. Con-sequent-ly whenever
a Territorial youth acquires an educa
tion he feels grateful to the dealer.
¦Why, they are even talking about se
curing the services of Jack Lacy in the
University of Arizona to lecture on the
science of dealing- the double-odd,
with side courses on loading dice and
plugging a wheel.
"But what I wanted to tell you about
was Colonel John Shaughnessy and Big
Hat Murphy. They were drivin' in from
a mine of the colonel's on the Gila.
They had a team of broncs that .sud
denly took It Into their heads to paw up
the sand pretty plenty. The colonel was
drivin.' but he couldn't sidestep an ,
ironwood stump forty feet off the road.
The broncs went their way, while the
"Financial operations In Arizona."
said Judge Bradshaw last night at the
Russ House, "generally runs into faro
bank. Coups is frequent, but they
mostly result from a bet between the
ten and the four.
The Ruling Passion.
missioned to make the law of the sea. The commander
of a piratical Russian cruiser has no such authority.
His Government has in effect condemned him by order
ing that no more merchant ships be sunk at sea. The
prize court has hastened to justify what was done by
fortifying it behind a so-called judicial finding. But its
decision will not command the respect of other nations.
It is known that the ship that was sunk had Ameri
can cargo aboard, consigned to Singapore, far away
from the war zone. It is known that no attempt was
made to separate the alleged contraband from the rest
of the cargo, but all was destroyed together. This was
a violation of the law of nations. Non-contraband cargo
under a neutral flag is exempt from seizure and de
struction, though there may be contraband in the same
bottom. Any other rule would place non-contraband
property, under a neutral flag, absolutely in the power
of a belligerent.' A Russian agent might ship some
contraband to an alleged consignee in Japan on every
Americap vessel that plies the Pacific, and make its
presence aboard the pretext for destroying the ship or
for the condemnation of the whole cargo. It is to defeat
just such craft that the wise rules of international law
have been established.
IT is announced with a flourish of the megaphone that
a Russian prize court at Vladivostok has condemned
the merchantman Knight Commander as a lawful
prize for carrying contraband, and the hope is expressed
that this closes the incident.
On the contrary, it opens the incident. Neither the
ship, nor its owners, nor the owners of its cargoj were
present at this ex parte adjudication. The question at
issue is the right of Russia to destroy the ship and
cargo by sinking her in midocean, thus destroying the
evidence in the case as well as. the property. To sink
first and condemn afterward is like hanging an accused
man first and trying him afterward. •: International law
recognizes no such right and sanctions no such pro
ceeding. The prize court at Vladivostok is not com-
THE RUSSIAN PRIZE COURT.
Clerical" errors committed by municipal employes
have been discovered and corrected and expose the
annoying fact that the aggregate value of taxable prop
erty in San Francisco is less by several millions of dol
lars than at first reported and that the income of the
local government may be materially reduced. Let us
look upon the bright side of an apparently dark situation.
A reduced income means a curtailed employment of un
necessary employes, a lessening of the chances of ex
travagance and a clearing of official atmosphere from
scandal.
of social conditions and environment 1
as the youth from the slums who goes
wrong. His upbringing was of :he very
worst sort to fit him for the responsi- ]
bilities of his position and teach him
something of the value of money. An '
only child, he was indulged in every
whim or fancy that money could grat- j
ify. Of healthy home training he had
hardly any. Religious influences were
equally lacking in his early life.
It was his craze for jewelry which
has been chiefly responsible for his
financial smash. As regards them he
is at least entitled to the crc-.it cf be
ing catholic in his tastes. Diamonds,
rubies, pearls, emeralds, sapphires,
turquoises — nearly all the precious ;
stones found in him a ready purchaser.
Cabled reports have already told fully
what a weird and wondrous collection
of them he has acquired. His object
appears to have been two-fold. He had
something of the magpie about him— a
strange habit of hoarding these costly
trinkets and gegaws, which was shown
by the unexpected places in which they
have been found during the recent
search in Anglesey Castle made for
the benefit of his creditors. The other
and perhaps more.powerful motive was
a veritable mania for self-adornment,
which led him Into another strange set
of excesses— the pursuit of a semi
theatrical career. He seems always to
have been attracted by the theater, but
at a certain point in his career he
seized upon this as a means of ex
hibiting his priceless jewels. The lit
tle theater in Anglesey Castle, with
which he replaced the ancient chapel
soon after succeeding to his estates,
was little more than a very expensive
Betting for the bejeweled Marquis. As
Pekoe In "Aladdin." the pantomime
•which he produced in 1902 in his bijou
theater, he stood forth literally ablaze
with gems. In the various scenes h«
wore different costumes, but each of
them was similarly bedecked with
precious stones of the most costly de
scription. Many of the jewels which
originally cost, large sums are of no
possible use to any ordinary wearer
owing to the fantastic form in which
they have been designed at the request
of the Marquis for stage purposes.
Of this character is a chain twenty
feet long covered with 520 charms, of
various kinds, some of which are of
little intrinsic* value, while others
would be cheap at $500. It will ba
broken up to be sold, as nobody would
want to buy a chain of charms that
length. v ' '
The Marquis seems to have realized
in the last year or two that this weak
ness for Jewelry would be the ruin of
him if he did not resist it, and was
wont to go about attended by a body
guard of half a dozen men under the
command of his chief valet, who. were
specially Instructed to keep jewelers'
drummers at bay. But, despite all
these precautions, they contrived to
get at him with disastrous results to
his purse, for when confronted by a
brilliant gem he could no more.over
come the temptation to buy it thai a
confirmed dipsomaniac can refrain
from helping himself to a drink when
left alone with a bottle of brandy.
About two years after the famous
"emerald wedding" society learned
With astonishment that the Marchio-
Ties» had applied to the courts to have
her marriage with the Marquis an
nulled. On what grounds was never
revealed, for the evidence was all
ehioness of Anglesey. As Americans ;
know, in one part of the Continent
the famous actor-peer and spend
thrift dandy is wondering how on
earth a young man who has been in
the habit of pending something lik»
a million dollars annually 15 to get
any fun out of life on the beggarly
$10,000 a year which his creditors
have allowed him. In another part
of the Continent, however, his beau
tiful wife is congratulating herself
that the aforementioned creditors
cannot touch the $50,000 a year
which the Marquis settled upon her !
eoon after their marriage. But the '.
Marchioness of Anglesey has no in
tention, I am told, of dividing with
her husband, now that her income Is
tenfold larger than his.
Since the creditors swooped down
upon him much has been written
cbout the eccentric career of the
Marquis, but little attention has been
paid to his marriage, which tun>d
out as disastrous as most of his other
ventures. * Besides being marveloubly
pretty the Marchioness of Anglesey
is famous for her abundant red hair,
which is of the kind that artist? and
poets rave over. She '.b a diught;r
of Sir George Chetwynd and that
dainty little woman wno In hfr
younger years was known as ilie
'pocket Venus" and who at the time
of her marriage to Sir George was
the widow of the last Marauis of
Hastings. Lillian Chetwyni inherited
her mother's -auty and from the
emart and rapid set In which she
moved she acquired the notion that
Cupid was played out and that the
right and proper thing to do with a
pretty face like hers was to marry
wealth and title. Independent of other
considerations, and make a brilliant
match.
The marriage was a failure almost
from the start. "The Ideal Husband"
was one of the plays staged later on
by the Marquis at Anglesey Castle
and ;the title role he regarded as one
of his greatest histrionic triumphs, but
In real life he fell far short of real
izing it. Before the honeymoon had
*vaned an open rupture occurred be
tween them. Both found the matri
raonia] fetters irksome. Although
the Marquis was proud of his wife's
beduty it did not render him indiffer
ent to the charms of other women.
And the Marchioness did not find her
"husband sufficiently diverting to make
Ker forego the pleasures of more con
genial society.
LILLIAN. MARCHIOXESS OF ANGLESEY. THS ENGLISH BEAUTY, WHO I
FOUND LIFE DULL WITH A MAN WHO SPENT A MILLION A TEAR I
ON RARE JEWELS FOR SELF- ADORNMENT.
THE vast population of Greater New York offers to
the student of philanthropy and the promoter of
reform every problem incident to the massing to
gether of millions of men of all sorts and con
ditions. The greatest of these, in the estimation of
numbers of good people, is the drink problem. The
population of New York is cosmopolitan. In it are the
set habits and inherited tendencies of all races and na
tionalities. It is desirable to bring them all to a'com
ir.on habit of self-restraint and sobriety.
It is a most complex task. The principles which ap
peal to one are of no value with another. They are
wary of each other. One nationality is antagonistic to
another. There are race and. national prejudices to be
considered, and he who seeks a common ground on
which all can meet in the practice of habits that foster
morality and conduce to good citizenship has before him
a task from which the stoutest-hearted and most en
thusiastic may well recoil in despair.
Bishop Potter seems lo have concluded to make a be
ginning by promoting a modification of the type of
drinking saloon. To that end he became the patron of
a new kind of drinking place, a sort of tavern." It is lo
cated to command the patronage of about the hardest
class in the city, the mixed laborers on the subway.
We are not advised of the nature or extent of the modi
fications, intended to be carried out in this establish
ment. They seem to have appealed to the Bishop as a
step forward toward a more pronounced reform, for he
took part in the opening and dedication of the place. As
a practical proposition he may have been wrong. The
leading of the place toward better things may have been
overestimated. Craft and greed of others may have de
ceived him. But in law and morals a man is entitled to
the credit that is in the quality of his motive, his inten
tion. In this view of it no reasonable man will doubt
the excellence of the Bishop's intentions, nor the purity
of his motive.
But this view does not appeal to his brethren in orders,
and he has been the subject of the most vigorous pulpit
criticism ever heard in the churches of this country. He.
has been called everything from a bartender to an under
study of Judas Iscariot. One intense preacher communi
cated to his flock the news that the devil laughed and
danced when the Bishop dedicated the saloon, and gave
immediate „ orders to his engineers to stake out more
ground and begin selling lots for an addition to hell to
accommodate the immigration that is expected to follow
the Bishop's act.
The various lay people who control the temperance
organizations have returned the clerical lead, and join
the chorus of condemnation that beats discordantly
against the great churchman. Never before has there
been such a stir in the teetotal ranks. If the Bishop be
sensitive to that sort of attack he must get little sleep.
His reply has been brief and is free from the epithet and
invective that is pelting him like a broadside.
In the midst of the excitement and confusion two
lines of thought on the subject appear clearly defined.
The abuse of liquor is a conceded evil. The multiplica
tion of opportunity for that abuse is a contributing
evil that should be regulated' and in every way discour
aged. How to do this is the problem that has led the
Bishop into trouble. The two lines of thought on the
subject do not differ in their estimate of the evil. The
division appears when the remedy is discussed. The
Bishop and those who think with him, looking into the
psychology of the problem, believe that human nature
can be led when it cannot be driven. His opponents be
lieve that it should be driven and not led.
The whole prohibition movement in this country has
been based upon the policy of making men sober and
moral by force. To this end some States have prohibi
tion in their constitutions and others in their statutes.
In this way all men who can be controlled by force have
been restrained. But these prove to be a minority of
those whose self-control needs reinforcement. The ma
jority of those who abuse liquor have proved that they
cannot be driven. As far as they are concerned all that
has been done is labor wasted. Their destructive habits
have as strong a grip upon them as ever, and their re
form and control wait for some other way.
Bishop Potter, and those who think with him, con
cede the evil and want to lead and not drive men away
from it. It seems to many unimpassioned observers that
the philosophy of the case is with the leaders and not
the drivers. If the Bishop believed that the place he
indorsed was shorn of a single objectionable feature of
the ordinary saloon, his action is justified by his belief,
though he prove to be mistaken in the fact.
It is the army canteen question over again." If the
canteen were an improvement upon the outside dead
fall, if it minimized the abuse of liquor and took the
soldier away from the associated vices of the deadfall, it
.was a step forward. Army officers differ in their opinion
about it, but the balance of testimony is on the side of
the canteen.
Now, if the Bishop intended that same sort of step
forward out of the degrading tendencies and associated
vices of the low saloon of the type resorted to by those
who. would be led to patronize the new institution, he
has not deserved the obloquy that has been visited upon
him. No man is commissioned to report the proceed
ings in heaven or hell incident to this affair. That part
of the attack may as well be cut out and the question
treated in~the light of our every day knowledge of men.
THE CASE OF BISHOP POTTER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 9, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .,. . . ? Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .. Third and Market Streets, S. P.
TUESDAY AUGUST 9. 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal-
ifornia street Telephone Main 1012. *Those who know how glorious a vaca
tion may be spent in Yosemlte Valley
are reserving seats on the Santa Fa
stages connecting with dally trains from
San Francisco. The Santa Fe rate for a
seven-day trip, with all expenses. Is
$43.00. Ask about it at 641 Market st •
Those Who Know.
This is accompanied by an affidavit
from John K. Brown himself. In which
the disgraced attorney admits having
neglected his duty and offers no ex
cuse. He deposes, that in the first part
of November, 1903, he received by mail
from Mrs. Shields copies of a transcript
of the 1 record In the case ¦with a request
that he prepare and file a brief in the
United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals in this city. He admits that he
received from Mrs. Shields through her
husband, S. D. Shields, a lawyer at
Terre Haute, Ind., $200 for costs of
printing the brief and other expenses.
TheBe facts were laid before United
States Circuit Judge Morrow and
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday and a mot n was made to
recall the mandate of the court. The
Judges decided that as the Court of
Appeals had adjourned until next
month they had no power to rescind
any action of the court.
The drunkenness of Lawyer John K.
Brown of Seattle Is declared to be the
reason why the case of Martha H.
Shields vs. the Mogolllon Exploration
Company and others went by default.
No appearance before the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals hav
ing been made by Brown, who had
been employed by Mrs. Shields to at
tend to the case, the court dismissed
the appeal on August 1 and issued a
mandate to that effect.
Mrs. Shields has filed an affidavit in
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals declaring that John K. Brown,
during the time when he should have
been attending to her Buit, used in
toxicating liquors to suc^h an extent as
to render him incapable 'of doing busi
ness, and that Mrs. Shields, who re
sides In Nome, Alaska, was not aware
of that fact. She deposes that when
the time arrived for Brown to file a
brief on appeal Brown was "drunk and
Intoxicated and continued to be drunk
and intoxicated for some time there
after."
Offers No Excuse for the
Sacrifice of His Client's
Valuable Mining Interest
ADffiTS HIS NEGLECT
John K Brown of Seattle
Accused of Taking Coin
and Failing to Appear
LAWYER'S SPREE
LOSES A CASE
ISSUES LICENSE FOR NEW BANK. The
Board of Bank Commissioners Issued a license
yesterday for the establishment of the First
Btat« Bank of Clovl* at the town of that nam©
in Fresno County. The new Institution Is caDl
tallzed at 125.000 and will open its doors ; for
business Immediately. R. Norrlsh has been
elected president of the bank and O. I. Cham.
William O'Dougherty was arrested
last night for malicious mischief. The
prisoner thought to do a humane act
and landed in jail as the result of his
trouble. Some pigs were being driven
along East street, when a passing car
ran down, and fatally wounded one of
the animals. O'Dougherty seized a
knife and dispatched the suffering
porker. He was placed under arrest
and conveyed to the City Prison.
Act Not Appreciated.
Carillo was released on $1000 bonds
accepted by Judge Cabaniss. His
sureties are W. M. Hall, Oakland, aud
itor of the Standard Oil Company, and
Otis M. Goddard, Alameda, traveling
auditor of the same company. They
say that Carillo has been a trusted
and faithful employe of the oil com
pany for fourteen years. They are
satisfied that the complaining witness
has made a mistake in charging Ca
rillo with the crime.
The police are inclined to the same
opinion, but In view of Jordan's per
sistent assertion that Carillo was the
man they had to charge him. Carillo
Is foreman of the oil company at San
Joee and has a wife and six children.
Emelio Carillo was booked at the
City Prison yesterday afternoon on a
charge of grand larceny. Batiste Jor
dan sticks to his story that Carillo was
the man who knocked him down at
Market and Powell streets on Sunday
afternoon and stole his watch and
chain, with a purse containing $75.
The case will be called 1" the Police
Court this morning.
Batiste Jordan Still Persists In Accus
ing Him of Stealing His Watch,
Chain and Coin.
It is known that the Vanderbilts
are the owners of the jewels and that
a large reward has been offered for
the recovery of the gems and the ar
rest of the thieves.
Overland trains and all downtown
hotels were closely watched yesterday
by Pinkerton detectives and city
sleuths, information having reached
here that jewels valued at $200,000
stolen from a residence at Newport a
week ago were being brought to San
Frncisco en route" to the Orient De
tective Sergeant Ross Whittaker was
detailed to watch all the incoming
overland trains. It was rumored last
evening that Chief of Police WIttman
had received a telegram from Chicago
stating that a man and woman, sup
posed, to be former employes of the
Vanderbilts, were passengers to San
Francisco and that they were sus
pected of having looted the residence
of the New York millionaire at New
port-
Information was Riven out in New
York on Sunday night that a big rob
bery had taken place at Newport, but
the New York officials declined to
mention the names of the persons who
had been . robbed. The only news
made public in the East was that
jewels valued at $200,000 had been
stolen.
Robbers of Newport Residence Are
Supposed to Be En Route
to This City.
CARILIX3 IS CHARGED
WITH GRAND I/ARCENY
POIilOE WATCH TRAINS
FOR JEWEL THIEVES
• GROCERT SHOPS WILL CLOSE.— The r*
t*Jl grocer* will rive their picnic to-morrow
*nd All member* cf the &asocU.tlcn have agreed
to close their stores for the day. It will be
T«vc£Fa.ry for housekeepers and families to ©b
'tatzt. tke'r grocery supplies to-dajr.
The arguments of the attorneys yes
terday were brief and Immediately
Judge Hunt decided the controversy.
Ho said that he believed that som« of
the witnesses for the petitioner were
untruthful. He said that it had been
shown that at times the mother was
hot tempered and given to evil speech,
but that the only witness who testified
to her illicit relations with Bothe. a
man who lived at the same house and
was known to the Laughlin children
as "uncle," was unworthy of belief.
But whatever her relations had been,
said the court, they had ceased and it
had been shown that her child was
always well cared for and uncontami
nated. It had been shown, too, that
the mother worked daily at the wash
tub and that all her children were well
dressed- For these reasons Judge
Hunt "saw no reason to disturb the
custody of the child," and denied the
application.
Judge Hunt of the Superior Court
yesterday decided that Mrs. Kate
Laughlin was entitled to retain the
custody of her six-year-old daughter.
Marguerite.
A few weeks ago Mrs. Clara Wag
ner, aunt of the child, applied to the
Probate Court for custody of the lit
tle girl on the ground that the mother
was a person of dissolute and immoral
habits.
Contest Over Custody of Six- Year-Old
Marguerite Laiuehlin Decided
in Superior Court,
A temporary injunction was granted
yesterday by Superior Judge Seawell
preventing the Hydraulic Mining
Company from selling 20,002 shares of
stock belonging to W. H. Orr on an as
sessment of 8 cents a share, aggre
gating $1600 16. Orr is the president
of the company and the discoverer and
locator of the nineteen claims which
the company owns in San Bernardino
County.
According to the complaint Orr is
a prospector and knows that the prop
erty in question contains a great
quantity of placer gold and that the
claims are worth more than $1,000,
000, "of which fact he has notified the
company." Orr further pleads that
he is a poor man and unable to pay
the assessment levied. Beyond this
pleading the prospector, discoverer,
locator and president of the company
alleges that he paid out $2900 in as
sessment work and improvements on
the claims and it was agreed that this
should ofr :t the assessment by the
company against his stock. The com
pany, he says, has not kept faith, and
this man of the pick, shovel and horn
spoon resents the breach of contract.
So in his suit to restrain the sale of
his stock he adds an additional claim
for $1200, the balance due for the
work he has performed in making the
prospective million-dollar property.
Locator of Claims Says They Are
Worth $1,000,000 and He May
Lose Interest.
JUDGE GIVES THE CHILD
INTO MOTHER'S CARE
PROSPECTOR EN'JOIXS SAIiE
OF STOCK FOR ASSESSMENT
"There are three respectable people
. whose- names I have given my attor
oeft and who will come into your
chambers and will testify that this man
..Cooler is a liar, perjurer and opium
"fiend. "I would ask for two or three days
t<J pet-the aSldavlts of these people."
"Yoo have already had two months,"
, replied, the Judge, "and I cannot grant
further delay."
*1 Judge Cook then pronounced the
.VJeath sentence upon Soeder. who kept
his eyes eteadily fixed upon him and
- never blanched when the solemn words
. th'at Eent him to the gallows were ut
•"tefed: The Judge said he would to
'•xnorrow Fign the warrant fixing the
'".d"ate"cf the execution. Attorney Salo
mon intimated that an appeal would be
tak«n to the Supreme Court.
- Tne theory of the prosecution tvas
"that Soeder was in love with Miss
-Catherine Flatley. He told her he was
•polng to Germany to get a $10,000 leg
' ecy and en his return they would be
.married. He went to Germany and re
¦ turned with Blaise. On arriving in
New York he applied for Insurance on
Blaise's life, and followed the same
•course when they reached this city.
' Then he took Blaise to the secluded
..ppot on Taylor street and deliberately
murdered him bo as to get the lnsur
anee money and marry Miss Flatley.
;' -Attorney Alexander Campbell Jr. fol
rowe4 - and criticized the action of the
•Judge in reading to Cooper the section
tf the Penal Code providing that any
'one. committing perjury which led to
"••the conviction and hanging of a de
. fendant thereby rendered himself also
liable to the death penalty.
... 'District Attorney Byington replied
britf.y. He said he had merely dis
cussed the weight of evidence before
the jury and the jury had passed
, upon it.
The Judge denied the motion. He Bald
'that after the verdict had been ren
dered he sent for Cooper and ques
tioned him in his chambers. Cooper
• had said that if he stood on the gal
lows He could not testify differently.
..Feeder had told him, he declared, a
f Fr.e,at deal more, but the witness had
• only, answered the questions put to him
bv the District Attorney. Cooper had
• made this statement after the Judge
; bad told him that if he had perjured
.himself and Soeder was hanged he
"co'jld be brought from any part of the
xverld and tried for murder. If Cooper
fc^d admitted that he testified falsely
I then the motion for a new trial could
.be made and granted.
• ' When the Judge asked Boeder if he
had anything to say the prisoner rose
the elightest appearance of
emotion and said in a firm voice:
the case was called yesterday
Attorney Salomon moved for a new
£rfal. He argued that as the District
JV.$6"fney had not In his opening state
.>^pnt to the jury mentioned the fact
•that he was to introduce the testimony
t>jf- John Cooper, to whom it was alleged
Eoctiier had made a confession of the
;*nurdfcr vhile the two were together in
"the'County Jail, he had purposely mis
led the defendant's counsel. He char
acterised Cooper's evidence as absurd.
: He. -analyzed the testimony given by
ctlh/r ' witnesses at the trial, pointing
¦out- alleged contradictions and improb
abilities; and concluded by objecting
'that the District Attorney in his argu
¦trjtnt to the Jury had stepped outside
t)f The evidence.
•• •
" .."Lfcon Soeder was sentenced by Judge
.Cock yesterday to be hangefl at San
Qu,e.ntln for the murder of Joseph
Blaise, his brother-in-law, on Taylor
ftreet, between Vallejo and Green
ttree£s, on the night of January 10. The
tiate for the execution will be set to
morrow.
;^n^).ner flakes Statement
;,V;JVmising John. Cooper of
\(- .Being Liar and Perjurer
Frank Blanrhard w&a figuratively
kicked out' of the navy about six
months ago, but so strong was his love
Miss Gray was unable to answer the
question and her fine of $5 was paid on
the spot.
"Appearances don't count for much
in this court," his Honor assured Miss
Gray, "and we'll take your word for it
that you would look better If you had
an opportunity to remove the traces
of your night's sojourn In a cell. The
question is, why were you intoxicated
on Howard street yesterday afternoon,
to the great distress of the policeman
who considerately retired you from
public view?"
Helena Gray's hands were busily en
gaged in smoothing wrinkles in her
dress front as she sat 'upon the bench
reserved for female prisoners in Judge
Cabaniss' court, and she evidently was
ashamed of the battered condition of
her hat when she stood up for trial.
"You must excuse my appearance.
Judge," she simpered, "but the toilet
facilities upstairs are simply disgrace
ful. How them Jailers expect a lady
to look like one after spending a night
up there is more than I can under
stand."
Judgs Conian handed down a decision
of guilty in the case of Harry M. Burns,
John B. Murray and Andrew Polovitch,
accused of selling liquor near the Pre
sidio without a license. The defendants
pleaded that they did not sell intoxicat
ing liquor, but gave It gratuitously to
soldiers who purchased cigars from
them. The Judge pronounced the plea
too transparent. Sentence to-morrow.
"It must have been a darling scrap
while it lasted," said the Judge, "and
the injuries received by you gentlemen,
roupled with the forty-eight hours' Im
prisonment you have already under
gone, are punishment enough for your
offense. Go home, read the story of
Cain and Abel and resolve to be fra
ternal in all that the term implies."
Judge Cabanies dismissed a charge of
fighting against the Roble twin broth
ers, Frank and Pat, because they were
so evenly matched in fistic science and
strength that it was difficult to deter
mine which of them had given or re
ceived the most severe punishment.
Frank's black eyes were offset by Pat's
split lips, and the swollen thumb dis
played by Frank was balanced by Pat's
wounded knuckles.
"De office of de railroad company,
sah," was the reply.
When the conductor had explained
that the ticket referred to was a trans
fer slip of ancient date the Judge
promptly pronounced the defendant
guilty of vagrancy and ordered him to
appear for sentence to-morrow.
So densely black was the face of Isaac
Hamphill that it radiated deep shadow
as he stood before Judge Conian and
pleaded not guilty to a charge of at
tempting to evade the payment of fare
on a Market street car. And the Jet of
his complexion was accentuated by the
whiteness of his teeth when he grinned
propitiatingly at the accusing police
man.
"What uttah nonsense dat am." he
exclaimed. "On de 'casion erluded to
by dis yah officah I offahed to de con
ductah de ticket fo' which I had paid
5 cents at de office."
"What office?" the Judge inquired.
Alonzo Ashman, habitue of opium
denr, declared that he was an opulent
druggist when he fell victim to the In
sidious poppy Juice, and that since his
loss of high estate he has procured a
precarious means of smoking by setting
up tenpins in bowling alleys.
"Iletter would it be for you, Alonzo,"
quoth his Honor Judge Cabaniss, "if
you were to substitute yourself for one
of the tenpins and let the strongest and
most accurate bowler in town bowl at
you with all his strength — in other
words, bowl you out of existence. Thir
ty days in Jail."
Assistant District Attorney Harris
murmured something about Mr. Ash
man's having already been pretty well
bowled out by his devotion to the pipe
bowl, but ere the bonmot reached the
bench another case was on.
Fourteen male vagrants, classified by
the police as "wlneroom bums," were
gathered up In Portsmouth square last
Saturday night, and Judge Conian sen
tenced them to terms of imprisonment
in accordance with their respective rec
ords, the longest term being six months.
It was the wont of the defendants to
beg on the streets, spend the proceeds
of their Industry for cheap claret and
sleep off the effects of their libations
upon the benches in the square.
For stealing groceries from Charles
Montgomery, the philanthropist who
succored him, Jonathan Moeller, ex
convlct, was sentenced to twelve
months' imprisonment by Judge Con
ian.
The four George Smiths in Jail and
the one George Smith in the hospital
are fellow longshoremen, but their In
terrelationship ends with their common
vocation.
George Smith, George Smith, George
Smith and Oeorge Smith were up be
fore Judge Cabaniss on the charge of
fighting a battle royal laat Sunday
evening on the water front, and each
of them displayed facial and cranial
evidences of the fray, one George
Smith's head being completely swathed
in bandages scientifically wrapped.
"Are all the George Smiths here?"
inquired the Judge.
• "No, your Honor," replied the at
torney for the prosecution; "there Is
another George Smith in the hospital
and the surgeons say he will not be
fit to appear in public until next
Wednesday."
"Then we must hold this quartet
until you -enlarge it to a quintet," said
the Court. "I would allow these gen
tlemen to go on their own recognizance
if their imprisonment would cause any
palpable diminution of the number of
Smiths enjoying freedom, but I don't
think they will be missed from general
circulation."
of the uniform he had disgraced that
he continued to wear it until last Sat
urday evening, when he was arrested
for begging. The complaining police
man said that Mr. Blanchard made a
practice of representing himself as a
Jackie who had come from Mare Island
and spent all his money for drink, and
this representation obtained for him
monetary contributions from patriotic
citizens who desired to have him return
to his alleged ship, the Albatross.
Judge Conian sent the pseudo defend
er of his country to jail for six months,
at the expiration of -whlc:i period his
sailor garb will probably be unfit for
further service as an aid to mendi
cancy. vU
mjE IS NOT YET FIXED
Plea of Afro-American Vagabond Charged
With Trying to Beat the United. Rail
roads Is Overruled in Court of Conian
3ji%e Cook Sentences Leon
; i&a&ier to Be Hanged for
\l jfurder of Joseph Blaise
MUST SUFFER
DEATH PENALTY
JUDGE HOLDS ANTIQUE TRANSFER
SLIPS ARE NOT LEGAL TENDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1904.
7
,__ gq^.qggg . 1....L PKAGERS |^_ PRAGER3
Qst^motHitva* Desirable Women's Tremendous Saving in
CjOineinilig Wearing Apparel the Silks .and Dress Goods
T\#%im*w SUITS. TV ] .EVER have there been offer-
vomg SI4.95-SI9.75 ? n o th i 1N &^.£ss!s$&d
wivv ¥IWMW there than these we present to-day.
TO^SBtfe^ Jt «sp> b» are about one hundred and ott v-q
M« #& eighty suits, comprising the _ _ „ . ai - L ' J:s - :> -
••UPjWl B most st y lish garments shown 5QC f 4 • f g a J on * ee >
&SJT& Si this season, in plain colors, beau- ° U ° , for wa f s ar ;^
. tiful fancy mixtures and plain wa . shes mceI yj the rc « uIar
===== blacks, in Eton effects. English value 75c a yard.
Jackets and Military Coats. AQp Guaranteed Black Taffeta,
On sd\7Ot*\7 Witt* Former price $25.00 and $27.50. }9 incnes w ide; the rust-
V/ll CVC1 Y |)|£i - SHIRT WAIST SUITS lins? kind; not a chea P lmtn 2
IL Jf t*l /%/* 00 fie This is a lot of about Sllk j ™g«larly worth 65c a
chase of $1.00 58.95 -^^ S 89c>!? eh *¦« nteedBlack
M ~t.r^ M 4.1^ AM Waist Suits; a nice assortment °™ Taffeta; a value not to
OF OVer ttiere of colors ' but thc y are broken £ e compared with elsewhere in
.^w^m v««w>/ s . zes . there are some black and San Francisco Regularly sold
«ar?11 I%a '^^«%^ white checks in the lot. Regu- at $1.00 a yard.
Will TO SOItie- larly sold at $17.50 to $20.00. DRESS GOODS.
, . WAISTS *IRP All-wool Zibeline Cheviot;
thinOr dOlllOr" t(\ CO- ««rl nc* Beautiful em- ° . 38 inches wide; a fall fa-
Vtling Wing IO DOR 3nd Hnfi b r ° » d ««d vo !, lt<:: comes in Lbrown. green
_ WWU UIIU UUU and i nscrted and navy; good for tailored
tlie &mOUnij Of waists, with tucking down the suits > worth a >' ard -
w, «»«mv«*«*ii H f w« front; prettily ornamented with OOp 44-inch French Broadcloth,
d* 1 f\f\ 4V»^isN. large medallions; also very fine WOU i n colors and black. Dame
A 1 •\JV/« iree* sheer lawn waists, Bertha style. Fashion decrees broadcloth the
Regular value $1.50 and $.3.00. fabric for swell dresses.
Muslin %f% 9 Women's
Drawers Jl % I Vests
T'LU^ c^- W^ ALWAYS RELIABLE I rSlj 5*o'5ri«lr
waist bands; tra bouoms J* !238~ 1250 MARKET ST.^ Bedfofd rib! ' $ Lnd'
finished with narrow « 1 crocheted yoke run with
T~r£l de 7' hcaded ™* h All the Shopping Inducements that* have s#t ribbon; cream, pink
4 rows of tucks. The . ... rr . ° , .... - -»nd blue. Rejrularlv sold
regular value 65c. made this store popular are still here. a " $i oo KCguiany som
AMUSEMENTS.
A T r* A T A T> Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR frss,
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Evg. 25c to TOc. Mats. Thur«.A Sat., 2.1o to 00c
YA/HITED | Awl the Alcazar StocK Co. '
W/HITTLESEY
In tha first Ban Francisco production of
SHERIDAfU
Or tho Maid ol Bath I V
A Comedy by Paul M. Potter, as played by
E. H. Sothern.
Monday, August IB. MR, WHITTLESEY In
"THE MANXMAN," by Hall Calne. Author
of "Tho Christian" and "The Eternal City."
Market st. Near Eighth. Phone. South B33.
TO-NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Charley Hoyt's Masterpiece of Wit. Humor and
Burlesque,
f\ BUNOH OF KEYS
Ballet of Pretty Girls! Songs! Dances! Medleys!
Reappearance Of the Frisco Favorite,
JAMES CORRIOAN.
The Celebrated Allen Sisters In "Toe Dance"
and "Pedestal ' Cloc."
DDirCC Evenings, 10c to COc.
rnltCJ Matinees, 10c. 15c. 22c.
August IS — First Appearance of the Central's
New Leading Lady. ETHEL CLIFTON. In
Theodore Kremer's Latest Success, "FOR HER
CHILDREN'S SAKE."
The Rush and the Crush Continues.
Everybody Wants to Sen
"The Whirl of the Town"
Gigantic Musical Burlesque.
Three Acts of Great Novelties.
UNEXCELLED "STAR CAST."
DOROTHY MORTON. NELLIE GERIN,
FLOSSIE HOPE. RICE and CADY, BOBBY
NORTH. EDWIN CLARK. BEN DILLON.
LIONEL LAWRENCE.
SUPERB CHORUS OF 40 VOICES.
Matinees Sat. and Sun. — Sams Popular Prices.
Date fixed — Next Attraction. Monday. Aug.
22. "THE ANHEUSER— PU8CH." An Orig-
inal up-to-date Musical Burlesque.
A3TCSJDIEXTS.
GRAND 88&E
THIS WEEK OKLT— Matinsa Saturday.
Mr. JAMES^ NEILL
I A PARISIAN I
| ROMANCE I
Time at. I5C, £r5C, 50C
Next San day Mttin««-THI LOTTERY 07 LOTS
NIGHTLY, EXCEPTING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY
And an Augmented Company la the First
American Production of Henrr
Arthur Jones' Comedjr,
JOSEPH ENTANGLED.
Vaudeville's Superlative!
Tha Five Madcaps, Inclndlng- Lena Mad-
cap In the Sadlnm Dance; Poy and
Clark; Guyer and OTTell; Oliva May
and 3. W. Albauarh Jr.; McCabe, Satin a
and Vera; lies Olopasj Hnghei Musical
Trio; Empire Comedy Pour, and Or-
pheum Motion Pictures.
Rerular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices— 10c, 25o
and COc.
• AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLISo^
I To-Hlffbt ud "| /^\ND
Evwy Night »t 8 X J -jg
SmoieW Paradise la / ,„__„
I the Prommadt Circle j fc-J WCCR
Of the Superb TlvoU Sensation
THE
By Ivan Caryll and Lionel Monctoa '
WITH AN UNRIVALED CAST
BEATS JfOW ItEADY
CroaVTlvon "Prices— 23c. 50c. 75c
oxcy matinee Saturday
CALIFORNIA
r BIQQEST HIT 0T AIL— ALL THIS WJBSK
lsp.^1 The Elmer Walters Go.
PriOM • PRESENTING* THE ROAR-
=== IX INO COMEDY ilELO-
1 e DRAMA
i= MILLIONAIRE
g£ TRAMP »".?&
Comizur— August 28th
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Enr&cement Limited to' Four Weeks Only
th» Direction of Frederic Belasco.
CAMPBILL Aim JOHMTSTOJT. LATB
OP THS ZAXBOW TBXO.
Aa4 a Splendid Show Every Afternoam
and Evening in ths Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THB
JffXHTA.TTJB.13 ELXCTSIO BAILBOAO.
THREE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Heax the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION lOo | CHILDREN. ..fia
When Phoning Ask for "Th« Chat-*."
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
SORE AND BLEEDING GUMS
Soft and spongy gums are made healthy
by the mildly alkaline and astringent prop-
erties of SOZODONT. It Is tho most
fragrant deodorizer and antiseptic dentifrice^
known to the world.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
the complement of SOZODONT Liquid, has
abrasive properties, yet is absolutely free
from grit and acid, ft will not tarnish gold
fillings or scratch the enamel.
S FORMS : LIQUID, POWDER, PASTS.
Paiarp D0N ' T PAIL T0
i mate 8ee beauts
i COURT Lounging
/inn room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
(inifla LOUIS XV PAR-
UIUUU LOR, and the LA-
D j 1^. DIES' WRITING
Motels room -
',' ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
;„ [zMrs. Anderson, Jacksonville, I
• Fia., daughter cf Recorder of
[ Deeds, West, who witnessed her
, • Signature to the following letter,
• • praises Lydia E. Pinkbam's
•.•Vegetable Compound.
•.; «*Dexb Mes. Phtkham: — There are
\ bat few wi-acs and mothers who have
'- * not at times endured agonies and such
**. pain as only women know. I wi&h
* . «uch women knew the value of Lydia
'¦•£:• Plnkliam's Vegetable Com-
' . ' pound* - It is a remarkable medicine,
' . '. different in action from any I ever
. •¦ knew and thoroughly reliable.
. • "I bare seen many cases where
* women doctored for years without per-
;. • -inanent benefit, who were cured in less
. tTi&n three months after taking your
Vcg-etable Compound, while others who
• c .n«re chronic and incurable came out
cured, happy, and in perfect health
• after, a thorough treatment with this
-; medicine. I have never used it myself
' •without gaining 1 gTcat benefit. A few
. -doses restores xny strength and appe-
¦ tite*. and "tone* up the entire system.
•Tour medicine haa been tried and
.• -found true, hence I fully endorse it."
" — Mbs. E. A. AirpEMOX, 225 Washing-
ton St., Jacksonville, Fla. — tSOOO forfeit
. 7/ original ef above tetter proving genuineness can-
. nit be proHuee*.
No other medicine for women has
received such widespread and uhquali-
• -Ced endorsement. No other medicine
"has euch a record of cures of female
• .troubles. Refuse to buj any substitute.
Yi a ]\i| • r y% ITT * WT »* &§&-w£ir
A IVlagazine or Real Use to Woman J8f
September Number — Out To-day !
I THINK The Designer is a little different in its aim, and very different in j^^ff
accomplishing, from any other of America's magazines. It,nrs^ofall,^e^n||pm*&^^^Sia(^i^
that are not too difficult for reproduction by the average womaii^^drsu^len ents thjs^i^fgsfr^i^
articles as possible each month on subjects of especial interest to thb^^vla^havp & Jopte3 the ii^^fSot
occupation of spare moments, or as a means of support — hence dressma^n^^Ilint^m^ong^
to the toilette, embroidery and fancy work of all kinds are given projgkient posiUonffi^ae^!S^m$r^ges.
After them in importance rank the three departments edited bv/ouKreaders theihi^lvei: ")X^f Women
are Doing," which encourages those who have to make their ojvn way in the w/orfd, jby pr gating inci-
dents showing how others have successfully overcome obstacles as formidable as'sw tmt lie m their path;
"Hebs Along the Way," and "The Mother's' Cub." / / M | ¥ $
1 believe that every shareholder in a business is far /note concerned, for ats welfare than h$ outsiders,
and for this reason I have closely allied many or our readers and subscribers: by/xnakmg them co-ed* tors or
these departments, which gives the more or less isolated woman in the coun^r -a cKance id run i
friendly talk on the easiest way to accom- /^^^^^^ -> j^^S^^'l/ •'"•"v vl** » • rvMk
plish the household tasks, or to manage 1->:^:\ ::^;^f|k
earning a few dollars in pleasant ways. : fe^fe^^^^k
There are many other regular departments, of
course, and fiction and articles of general interest; but ¦ P^lKiti^^^^
the magazine itself can best describe itself. I think I can .' 1 -*' IS^^^^^fe^^^^
add truthfully that The Designer is a cheerful practical. £j--^^^K^^SK' S^p^^jlS^^^P
magazine which earnestly tries . ,
10c. a copy, 60c a rear ; of your newsjealet or any Standard afent. or direct of the paUiaWt.
STANDARD FASHION COMPANY. 12-14-16 VANDAM STREET. NEW YORK OTY
AGENCY FOB THIS DESIGITEB AND STANDARD PATTERHS I 1081 XABSBT ST.
. t DOMESTIC SEWIHO HAOKIlfE OFFICE. r^ :. I BUI Sixth St, B. 7.Beaten for Refusing Drinks.
"When the contempt proceedings
against Police Commissioner Harry
W. Hutton, "Chief of Police for 1129
Eupont street," who is charged with
violating the injunction, restraining the
police from interfering with the busi
ness of Jean Pon, proprietor of a
restaurant at that address, were called
yesterday before Judge Cook, Attor
ney Riordan asked that a day be set
for hearing the arguments. Attorney
Collins, for the defendant, pointed out
that no answer had been filed and Rior
dan promised to do so to-day. Argu
ments will be heard In both contempt
cases to-morrow.
nutton Gets More Time.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8.— Fred Winters,
a member of the West Side Athletic
Club, has made a new world's record
at weight lifting. With one hand he
tossed a dumbbell weighing 141 pounds
above his head from the ground, beat
ing by three pounds the best previous
record made by G. W. Stoesset in Mad
ison Square Garden December 17, 1S97.
New York Athlete Tosses Dumbbell
Weighing: 141 Pounds Above His
Head From Ground.
NEW RECORD FOR WEIGHT
LIFTING IS ESTABLISHED
SARATOGA, N. Y., Aug. 8.—Water
boy's racing career Is about over. The
great Watercress colt, which was un
questionably champion of the mature
division In these parts last year, may
no longer be able to hold up his end.
His pitiful eifort in the Great Republic
stakes on, Saturday convinced "Jack"
Joyner that he is not what he used
to be and the North Carolina turfman
said to-day that It was pretty near
time to send Waterboy to "the farm.
By "the farm" Joyner means the El
mendorf stud in Kentucky, the great
Eastern breeding establishment of
James B. Haggin.
California Horse That Won East's
Thoroughbred Championship
Will Be Retired.
FAMOUS WATERBOY'S TURF
CAREER IS ABOUT ENDED
Stafford possesses a cultured mind
and is regarded aa conservative in his
viewB. He has the confidence of both
laborers and the employers of labor.
The duties of thf Commissioner are va
ried, and under recent enactments he
has power to Insist upon protection to
workmen from dangerous scaffolding
and otherwise to improve their condi
tions.
The salary is $3000 per year. Stafford
is employed by the Southern Pacific
Company, his run extending from Fres
no to Oakland. Ho has made the latter
city his home temporarily, his perma
nent place of residenca being Santa
Cruz.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 8.— Governor
Pardee to-day appointed W. V. Stafford
of Oakland to the position of Labor
Commissioner. Stafford is grand presi
dent of the Order of Railway Conduct
ors of the United States and has on
several occasions represented the State
organization in the national assembly.
He has also for several years served as
chairman of the grievance committee
for the Pacific division of his order.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In a vote taken in the board of di
rectors at this time, or until the United
States has the majority of directors,
that it is entitled to by reason of its
stock ownership, there is a chance that
the transcontinental railways may suc
ceed in tying up the Panama Railway
with another contract. This danger
has been pointed but previously in The
Call. Already there is a claim in the
East, as indicated by special dispatches
from the correspondent of The Call at
Washington, that the Government "vv ill
not be In any position to take action
relating to the Panama Railway and
its contracts" untli April 1, 1905. Thera
Is no explanation concerning this state
ment.
If the Government's directors of ths
Panama Railway see no way to taka
action now, It is difficult to see how
the Government can fail to have a ma
jority of the board of directors of tha
Panama Railway in April. If notice of
a termination of the contract between
the Panama Railway Company and the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company is then
given, six months would bring about
the expiration of the trade-restraining
agreement on October 1. 1903, or a llttla
more than a year from to-day.
DANGER IX SIGHT.
In any ordinary corporation when a
new interest secures control or owner
ship of a majority of the stock one of
the first steps after such change of
control or ownership is to call a meet
ing of the stockholders and elect a set
of directors to administer the property
In accordance with the wishes of the
stock majority. The singularity of tha
present situation in regard to the Pan
ama Railway is that one-seventieth of
the stock of the company is represented
by ten directors and sixty-nine-seven
tieths are represented by only three di
rectors.
In a previous dispatch from Wash
ington the fact was mentioned that tha
original contract between the Panama
Railway Company and the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company was dated June II,
1902, and that It was to continue in
force three years, but that it might
continue for two years more If either
party should so elect. This would maka
the possible date of expiration June 11.
1307.
ORJGIXAIi CONTRACT.
A special dispach from ths corre
spondent of The Call at Washington.
D. C, brings information on authority
that the contract between the Panama
Railway Company and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company continues in forca
until June 11, 1907. There is. however,
a supplemental agreement that provides
that the contract may terminate upon
six months' notice by either party la
the event that the United States be
comes the owner of a majority of the
shares of the railway company. Tha
United States now owns sixty-nine
seventieths of the shares of the Pan
ama Railway Company. Taking thesa
statements together, It appears that
the United States can terminate In six
months from date the contract that ties
the Panama Railway up with tho In
terests of the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company, which Is another Vray of de
scribing the arrangement made by th»
transcontinental roads for their own
purposes and in restraint of trade.
Appointee Is Man of Ability
and Is Said to Be Conserva
tive in Views on Issues
At Latest Isthmian Koad
Will Be Opened to All in
About a Year From Date
EMPLOYED ONEAILEOAD
PKIVHEGE CONDITIONAL
W. V. Stafford of Oakland Is
Chosen' by Governor Par
dee as Labor Commissioner
Panama Bailway ? s Contract
to Pacific Mail Provides
for Government Control
MAY TERMINATE
IN SIX MONTHS
GOOD JOB GOES
TO CONDUCTOR
Tt» *fcJp Star of Roaata, which arrived 8un
tty with th« first of tb« n«w season's ralmcn
•3d xbs£« the run fvom Karluk In twelve days,
ba* miij uSed op to her reputation In bresJc
tng ail records for coae years. She was one
of th« famous Star line, every ship of which
taa done aooaethlnr e«neatJonal In the sailing
11ns, After discharging her cargo she will
rrtnrn t» Alaska for another load.
Brtonc* to Speed? Family.
MDCfEAPOLIS. Minn., Aug. 8. —
Reuben Hunt of the University of
Michigan and of California to-day
won the tennis championship of the
Xorthweet from the former holder of
the title. Harry "Waldner of Chicago.
Score, 4-6, 7-6, 6-4, 6-2. Hunt's su
perb net game was the feature. "
Hunt Champion of Nortlwrest.
2:15 trot. $600. one and an eighth mile
Aamh — Aristo woo in 2:2SSs. Alex Campbell
Kathryn. Cattle C. Balkel. Moneyloss. Mary
Jo Connenca and Eoxralte aJso started.
2:17 pace, purse $C00. half-mile dash — Gor
don Prince won In l:01>i. Delhi, Lookout Hal,
Dewey. Roland Reed, Timothy V J, George
rrwser. Viceregal. Fred N, Accident. Maggie
8, Florence Wilton. Wlnnl« King and Bill Boy
*!»*) started. f
2:30 trot. three-year-old*. $1000— Princess
A.tnel won both heat*. Time — 2:14, 2:16%.
Athclia. Wllonette. Pleasant Thought, Major
Guerthleln. Lord Reveletoke, David Rossi, The
Hermit and Fatty Felix also started.
2:10 tret, ?:#eO, mile heats, two In three —
Dr. Strong won p»»eor.d and third heats and
race. Time. 2:0S',i. 2:06. Conmielo won first
!ieat in l':09. John Taylor. Norris, Kent. The.
Roman, Robert MrK, Metallus and Prince
<Jre«ilander also wtarted.
2:13 trot. $600. one and an eighth mile
daeb — Joymaker won in 2:2»i5. Single K. An
nie Little, Gold Burr. Monroe. H-j.ll!>- Uardln,
Birnle and Vendora finished in the order nam«d.
2:0S pace. $300. mile dash— Hetty G won
in 2:05^. Bctterton, Joe Pointer, Frank Yoa
kum, WinSeld Stratton. Locanda. L>lttle
Squaw. .N'tihar. StriCusa, China Maid and St.
Hera finlfbed as nam^d.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8. — At the open
ing of the Grand Circuit trotting sea
son at the Empire City track Dr.
Strong, the favorite, won the~ feature,
the 55000 purse for 2:10 trotters, with
ease. Summary:
Favorite Easily Defeats Field in Fea
ture Event at Opening of
Grand Circuit.
RIG PURSE AT EMPIRE
TRACK WON BY DR. STRONG
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 8. —.With a
good card and a large attendance the
three weeks' meet of the Multnomah
Driving Association commenced to-day
at Irvington. Upsets were numerous,
only two favorites winning out of the
six events. The weather was fair and
warm. Track good. Summary:
First race, four and a half furlongs, «<>lHn«
— Snark won, Vlnct second, Hercules third.
Time. :5"?i.
Second race, six furlongs, seTling — Mounte
bank won. Eldred second. Young Pepper third.
Time, 1:15%.
Third race. fiv« furlongi — Redan won. In
structor eecund. Agnes Mack third. Tlnuj,
1:01%.
Fourth race, one, mile, selling — Mordente
won I>ea.«h~ second, J>r. Rowell third. Time,
1:41 K.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Penxanc*
won. Dr. Sherman second, Myrtla H third.
Time. 1:29.
flxth race, elx furlongs, eelling— Suburban
Queen won, Dotterel second, St. Philippiua
third. Time. 1:15.
AUSTRALJAX STUDENTS TO
STUDY IX THIS COUNTRY
They Are Given Reception on Tlieir
Arrival by Members of the West
- Side Christian Church.
A reception was given last night by
members of the West Side Christian
Church to Harold Knott of Melbourne,
James Groome of Sydney and Leland
Gordan of - Queensland. They are
members of the Australian theologi
cal societies and come here to com
plete their studies in American uni
versities in behalf of the Christian
church. They arrived yesterday on
the liner Ventura. Knott and Groome
will attend a university in Texas and
Gordan will study in Lexington, Ky.
Mrs. B. J. Matson of Melbourne,
wife of the editor of the Australian
Christian, was also a guest. Rev. Mr.
Stafford occupied the chair.
May Fractice Medicine.
Sixty-seven applicants have passed
the examination of the State Board of
Medical Examiners and are licensed to
practice medicine in this State. They
are:
From San Francisco— Walter Gavey, G. B.
Worthington, Madeline Johns, Harry Spiro,
John A. Naderle. C. W. Page. Pauline G laser.
H. F. CriE«r. D. E. Eklund. A. E. Banka,
F. H. Van Tas«>»l, Jacob Schwartz, C. L.. lie-
Cll8h. D. A. Ewing, Hannah Webster, Robert
Hector. W. Waldeyer, E. Schmall, R. F.
Van Hinun W. Lrhmann, Joseph B. de Fo
ria, N. C* Biesell. Elizabeth Slebe, W. H.
Banks. J. G. Mackay, L. Gl Petch, N. V.
Morrison. A. W. Foskay, F. C. Chadwldc,
W. J. 6. Powers, P. Sumner, W. C. Pruett,
V. F. Luachettl. Lillian Powers W. S. John
ton. Max E. Magnus, H. J. Craycroft, W. E.
Cunningham Grace I*. Thome. H. H. Hop
kins. Chane H. Holt, Franklin Blake, M. E.
Hart,- A. It. Fritchl.-L. Munter, L.. L.. llaum,
\.. C. Jacobs, H. Somers, L>. B. Cobientz,
U. C. Billlngsley, A. H. Peek. From Oak
land — C. H. Wilder, A. Galbralth. limning
Kofonl. J. A. Youn^. From Berkeley — J. iX
Yatee, C. A. Burrows. P. D. Mix. From Ala
ineda — Grace Minnlnger. From Eureka — E. I*.
CottrelL From.Paeadena — E. F. Burton. From
Belmont — H. C. McClenaban. From Oro
ville — H. V. Prouty. From Fresno — L. P.
Fleming, T. F. Madden. From Salinas — II. B.
Christiansen. From Capitola — H. A. Mount.
From Corning — J. L. Lamb. From Petaluma —
A. R. Graham.'-. From Imperial — Francis i.
Bold.
Quality of Eggs Questioned.
The Hearing of the suit of A. L.
Lundy & Co., produceNlealers, against
the managers of the Napa State Hos
pital to prevent the awarding of a
contract to Wheaton, Harrold & Pond
for supplying butter and eggs to the
insane asylum for the ensuing year
was commenced yesterday in Judge
Seawell's court. It was charged that
Lundy & Co. were the lowest bidders
for the .supplies, but that the contract
had been arbitrarily awarded to the
other firm. The evidence as far as
taken yesterday did not prove the in
ability of the Lundy company to ful
fill the contract in accordance with
the bid. but on the cross-examination
the prosecution brought out the fact
that the Lundy concern had received
several letters of protest regarding
the quality of Its supplies. The hear
ing will be resumed this morning.
At a. meeting of the Pacific Inter
club Yacht Association, held last niffht
in the Merchants' Exchange, the fol
lowing were present: R. S. Bridgman
and &oy C. Ward, of the San Fran
ci«eo Tacht Club; T. J. Kavanagh. F. E.
Scbober and M. J. Brennan of the Cor
inthian Tacht Club; R. R. l'Homme
dleu and A. H. Bauerle of the California
Yacht Club; P. J. Weniger and Carl
Biebrand of the Vallejo Yacht and
Boat Club. A. M. Clay of the California
Yacbt Club was present as a represen
tative of J. W. Macdonough, the donor
of the Macdonough cups.
After the business of the old asso
ciation had been wound up, the fol
lowing officers were elected for 1904
1905: T. J. Kavanagh, p^sident; P. J.
Weniger, vice president; tR. R. l'Hora
medleu, secretary, and M. J. Brennan,
treasurer. The regatta committee will
consist of Roy C. Ward. T. J. Kavan
agh, R. R. l'Hommedieu, Carl Sie
brand and one non-owner of the South
Bay Yacht Club.
Much discussion ensued aa to the
Question of handicapping the yachts
in the various classes in the annual
regatta of the association, to be held
on Admission day. A. M. Clay explained
the wishes of J. W. Macdonough, and
also the manner in which handicaps
might be worked out for the yachts.
The delegates decided to discuss the
matter with the yacht owners of their
clubs and to report at the next meet-
Ing.
T. J. Kavanagh. R. R. 1'Hommedieu
and R. C. Ward were appointed a com
mittee to wait on the Conclave of
Knighte Templar with regard to the
annual regatta.
It was stated that the racing sloop
Corinthian has been dismantled and
will not take part in the Admission day
races.
Weather Is Fair and Warm
and the Track Is Fine,
but Upsets Are Numerous
c Donor of the Macdouough
Trophies Heady to Acqui
esce in Owners' Decision
ATTENDANCE IS GOOD
MATTER IS UNSETTLED
Good Card Marks Opening
of the Multnomali Associa
tion's Meet at Irvington
•Delegate's of Pacific Inter
' " club Association Talk Over
Details of Handicapping
FAVORITES SHY
IN WINNINGS
AMATEUR TARS
DISCUSS RACE
BRIGADIER STILLWELL_WILL SPEAKl,
Sirs. Stlllwell of New York, a Salvation Army
brigadier and well-known lecturer, will deliver
an address next Sunday evening at 7:45 at
the Stewart j Memorial . United Presbyterian
Church. Mr». Stlllwell I Is familiar with the
good work done by the Salvation Army and,
will speak on the subject, • 'Rescue Work of
the Salvation Army."
I Mrs. Julia Fahey arrived from New
York yesterday. Her daughter, Miss
Julia Fahey, was to meet her at the
ferry. ' The train was late and the
girl, after waiting from: 8 o'clock in
the morning till 12:30 p. m., told a po
liceman that : she could | not wait any
longer, as she was in service and had
to go. home. "When the train arrived
two : hours later Mrs.. Fahey could not
tell where her daughter was to be
found and she was taken to the City
Prison and' placed temporarily in
charge of the matron.
Mother Misses Daughter.
. . Yesterday was a day of rest at Jack
Munroe's camp. The miner is Buffer
ingrfrom a blister on the little .toe of
the right foot, which prevented him
from going through his. regular exer
cises. His.trainer insisted, that he
should cut out. all work and give .the
toe a chance to heal, so that. he will
be ready ' this morning for the hard
grind which will be the go from now
up to within a few days of the. contest.
His - trainer is unusually . cautious
about having ..him- on edge and 'two
weeks % of work,. he says, will put him
in the pink of shape.
"Twin" Sullivan, who is > matched to
box Dave Barry at Los Angeles, .is as
sisting the miner with his work. .He
also has Andy Gallagher - and , Harry
Chester on Mb staff. Kid McCoy " is
expected from the East and he will
drill the miner in the finer points of
boxing. >; ..
Real Hard Grind Will Start
This Morning.
It Is If ot Serious, . However, and the
BLISTER ON MUXROE'S
*> FOOT STOPS EXERCISE
First race — Al Casey, Sincerity
Belle, Green Rose. *
Second race — Prince -Sllverwinffs,
White Plume, Felipe Ijuro.
Third race^ — Huzzar, Miss Crawford,
Brasrir.
Fourth race — Delaffoa, Clifton
For^e, "Ahola.
Fifth race — Miss Inez. Belle Kinney,
Kate Zitt.
Sixth race — Ixml Dixon, Glrdlestone.
Oeeaner. ¦ . ."
Seventh race — Docile, Fading: Ujfht,
Joe Frey.
Condition of the track — Fast.
HARIjEM SELECTIONS.
First race^ — Mimosa, Girdle, Dinah
Shad.
Second race — Unda l«e«. Broad
cloth, Bank.
Third race — New York. Dnke of
Kendal. Palmbearer.
•Fourth race— Broomstick, SU Valen
tine, Bobadil. v .
Fifth race— Pcjcjry, Belle S&uvage,
Niblick. ' ¦
Sixth race — Persistence II, , Sir
Liynnewood, Adrluthn.
Condition of -the track — Fast. *
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
Seventh race, one and a sixteenth miles,
selling— Lady Free Knight 94. Docile 04, Po
trero Grande 97, Fading Light 98. Allie Vlrgle
105, GUfaln 110, Ernest Parham 110, Joe Frey
111, Long More 111.
Sixth race, elz furlongs— Oceaner 104, Adare
105, Subtle 105. Green Gown 105,. St. Denis 107,
Useful Lady 108, Bonnie Prince Charlie 108,
Enchanter 108, Weberfleld 109, Lord DJxon
110. Glrdlestons 112.
Fifth race. flv« furlongs — Raining Leaves 90,
North Enid 90, Lo Lo Mai 90. Kate Zitt 90,
Frances Dillon 94, Lady Fashion 94. The
Novice 94, Intense 102, Belle Klnney 102. Mies
Ines 111. ¦ . -
Fourth race six furlongs, purse— Ida Davis
90, Delagoa 97. Ahola 102, Big Ben 107, Clifton
Forge 110. *
First race, five furlongs, selling — Raviana
•4, Louise Macfarlan 04. Sincerity Belle 100,
Elfle M - 100, Al Casey 100. The Gadfly 102.
Green Rose 102, Doc Wallace 103. Captain
Neroth 105, Dundall. 108. Platoon 109.
Second race, one mile, purse — La Chaperone
100. Determination 100. White Plume 1J0, Lady
Belalr 100, Robin Hood 102. Flo Boh 105,
Major T.* J. Carson 108. Bombardier! 109,
Prince Stlrerwings 112. Felipe Ljs;go 112.
Third race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
handicap — Huzzah 106, Schoolmate 92, Royalty
C2, Dr. Stephens 96, Sioux Chief 0O. Miss Craw
ford 104 Bragg 106. (Sioux Chief and Miss
Crawford, Darden entry.)
CHICAGO. Aug. 8. — To-morrow's entries
HARLEM ENTRIES.
Sixth race, one mll«, throe-year-olds and up,
maidens — Persistence II 110, The Captain 110, Sir
Out of Reason 110, Commorietta 110. Bouvier
107, Jimmy Lane 107, Dauphin 107, Memphis
107, Phantom 107, Princess Athellng 107. Pri
vateer 105 Charter 105, Adrlutha 105, Bridle
path 105, Belle of Portland 105.
Fourth race, the Travers stakes, one and an
eighth miles, three-yea^-olds^ — Broomstick 129
6t. Valentine 126, Bobadll 116; Auditor 111.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
two-year-olds — Escutcheon 110, Gallopoff 110
Niblick 109, Danseuse 106, Northvllle 105,
Thirty-Third 103, Hildebrand 102, Roundelay
102, Ike 8 102, Misttss 100. Brush Up 09,
Workman 99 Miss Morgan 99, Peggy 99, Win
chester 99, Blue Coat 97, Uncle Charlie , 97,
Belle Pauvage 94.. T^lzzle Albertlne 94.
.Third race, one and an eighth miles on turf,
three-year-olds and up, handicap — Duke of
Kendal 126, Palmbearer 117. N«w York 116,
Carbuncle 115, Prince Chlng 107, Flara 102
Kindred 93.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-old maidens— Maximilian 112, Bank. 112,
Llndeay Gordon 112 Broadcloth 112, Haga
mans 112. Angler 112, Wild Mint 112, La Pu
celie 100, Bedouin 100, Fortune Teller 109,
Alps 109. Linda Lee 109, Fair .Rereller 109
Raiment 109. fiallce ]O0.
SARATOGA, Aug. 8.— To-morrow's entrlea:
First race, seven furlongs, selling— Agnes D
103. Hoodwink 103, Mimosa 102, Dinah Shad
100, Charter 89, Irish Witch 88, Tol San 97.
Mifw Rillla 94, Queen Belle 94, Tnlstle Heather
»4, The World 04, Divination 94 Letola 92
Sea Gate 89, Margaret O 89, Girdle 102 '
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
Time, 1:42. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, M. Jordan's ch. c. (3) by St. Blaise-Pre
tense. Joe Frey 110, Inventor 110, Bluemlnt
108, Annu 100, Bob Franklin 100, Royal Pirate
102. Harry New 110, Baywood 97, Benson Cald
well 102. Russian 107, Ernest Parham 110,
Plantus 92, finished' as named.
SEVENTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; Belling: .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— San Remo. 92 (Grnfield).lt 7 11,11
11 to 0 — Car Wolsey, 107 (M'Itry)ll 4 % 2 1%
10 to 1 — Fleuron,. 104 (Morrison) . . 1 2 1 3 4
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling:'
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1— Telephone. 92 (Greenfield) 6 2 2%1 %
7 to 2— Apple, 96 (Oregar) 6 4h 22
12 to 1— Docile. 95 (McBrlde) 1 6n 3 1
Time, 1:40 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, R. A. Smith's ch. c. (3) by Shapfell-
Pompadoura. Federal 102. Mezzo 106, Jake
Greenberg 103, Durbar 92, Royalty 108, finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE— Flve-and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse: .¦.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jofekey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Florentine, 105 (HofHer). 1 12 IV,
11 to 8 — John Smulskl, 118 (Hnry) 2' 2 3^2 24
C to 5— Monte, 98 (Felcht) 3 33 38
Titne," 1:07. Start good. Won easily. -Win
ner, S. S. Brown's b. c. by Ben Strome-Floria,
McClellan 101, Peter Durel 93, finished aa
named.
FOURTII RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three- year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 1 — Jerry Lynch. 96 (Felcht) 1 4 4 12
13 to 10— Incubator, '.107 (Hotter). 8 3 H£2 n >
13 to 5— The Lady, 104 (Mclntyre) 4 5 "32
Time, 1:46 4-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. F. T. Woods' b. c. (3) by Prince Plenty-
Princess Rose. Fonsoluca 106. Dr. Stephens
109, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One mile; three-year-olds;
Riverside stakes: S.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Ananias, 104 (Morrison). 5 1 1WI 2%
9 to 2 — Sweetie, 93 (Knapp) 3 4% 21
25 to 1 — G. Mineral. 90 (Greenfld) 2 5' 3 h
Time, 1:41 1-6. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. F. Schorr's ch. c. by Ocean Wave-
Veracious. Dell Leath 92. Spencerian 90,
finished as named.
SECOXX> RACK — Steeplechase; short coune;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to B— T. The Mere, 14S (Dash) 4 3 5 1 n
6 to 1— Lingo 135 (Rice) 2 28 22
4 Xp 1— Weird. 140 (Pemberton). .' 1 In 3 40
Time. 3:87 1-6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, A. L. Poole's br. h. (6) by Carlsbad-
Buff and Blue. Goldenway 144, Cork 135,
finished as named. Coronatus 125 pulled up.
Alma Girl 125 fell.
CHICAGO, Aug. «• — J° h " F «
Schorr's Ananias, after being nearly
backed off! the boards, won the River
side selling stakes, the third and fea
ture event of the Harlem card to-day,
which was worth J2260 to the win
ner. Sweetie was second, after mak
ing a sensational stretch run, while.
Golden Mineral- was third, a head in
front of Dell Leath. Spencerlan was
the only other starter.
Ananias was easily the best The
field of five ran 'closely bunched for
six furlongs, with Dell Leath and
Ananias heads apart. At the far turn
the favorite went to the front with a
lead of a length tnd a half. He
skinned the rail turning for home,
while the others swung wide. Nothing
ever got near Ananias . thereafter.
I Ananias opened at 6 to, 6 and was
pounded down to 7 to 10 at buffto call.
The stewards of the Harlem Jockey
Club have concluded that Jockey C
Bell was probably responsible for the
defeat of "Lucky" Baldwin's Capitan
azo when at a short price last week
and on account of the sudden Im
provement of the colt lp the first race
to-day they suspended, the Jockey In
definitely, pending further investiga
tion.
The track was fast, the weather
Ideal and the crowd larger thai* usual
on a Monday. A good card of seven
races was the magnet which drew the
crowd. Summary: *
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. 8t. % Fin.
10 to 1— Capltanazo, 118 (Mountn) S 6 2 Ik
15 to 1— F. Montlverde. 113 (Fcht) 4 6 2 2 2
30 to 1 — Envoy. 118 (Lawrence). . .10 8 1 8 h
Time. :54 4-5. Start good. . Won driving.
Winner. G. W. Baldwin & Co.'s ch. c. by Em
peror of Norfolk-Chloe A. Tyrollan 110, Cut
ter 115. . Eckersall 113, Barefoot 113, Merino
110. Ralph Reese 118 Slss Lea 110, Lou Reed
110, Augusta Victoria 110. The Dramln 110,
Schoolcraft II 118. Bowling Butt* 110. finished
aa named.
Special XMapatch to Th« Call.
Time. 1:14 2-5.- Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, S. Paget'e b. c. by Star Ruby-Linda
Vista. Austin Allen, Sinister. Dandellan, Cigar
Lighter, Van Tromp, Blandy, Llncroft, Ga
mara. Watertight. Merry Lark.' Jerry" C, fin
ished aa named.
SIXTH RACE — Six furiongt; handicap; two
year-olds:
Eettlng. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?; Fin
15 to 1 — Cairngorm, .110 (Lyne).. 8 8 .lh
15tol — Agile, J 14 (Burns) 7 7h'21
20 to 1 — Bulwark. 104 (Hildebrand) S ' ;j Ii ' 3 h
FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
H to 1 — Shrine. 101 (Cormack) . . . . 2 1 i^ In
8 to 1— Cloverland, 108 (Martin). . 8 5 h 2 H
5 to 1 — Palmbearer, 8S Hennessey) 4 7 6 8 h
Time, l:4ul-r>. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, H. C. Schultz's ch. t. by Athellng-
PHgrtmage. Waswift, Orly II, Gay Lothario,
Kir Shep. Sals, stone, Arabia, tlnlshed *»
named.
Time. 1 :26 2-0. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner, C. Fox's b. m. by Ben Strome-Adora.
Gay Boy, Ishlana, Crown Prince, Steve, Toa
can, Norbury, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlonjfa; th» Cata
kill Selling Stakes; three-year-olds and up: V
Bettlng. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Firil
13 to 5— Ascension. 105 (Hlldbrnd) 4 8 1 In
18 to B— Old England. 98 (Cnnne) 2 1 V, 2 h
8 to 1 — De Reszke, 10S (Shaw) ... 1 7 % 3 h
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
purse; for fllllea and geldings two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to B — Rosr of Dawn, 104 (Hdbd) 1 U%12
7 to 2;— Teacre?B, 109 (Lyne) 2 32 22
7 to 1 — Marie Frances.109 (Shaw) 6 0 y. S h
Time, 1:08. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner H. B. Duryea's ch. f. by Hamburg-Poet
ess. Dorothy Grey, Flinders, HIghllfe, Dia
mond Flush,-- Intrigue.' The Doptorj Steel .Trap,
Lancashire Lasa t Meadow Horn,*/ Shannonside
and Goodby, also ran.
SECOND RACKj-About two miles; handi
cap steeplechase, for four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horjw. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Trek. 142 (Dayton) 4 4>; 1 h
7 to 2— Maiden. 134 (Holman)... 2 In 2 20
11 to 5— Royelle 150 (Veitch) 6 3 4 3 10
Time, 4:0S 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, H. E. O'NeiJl's ch. g. by Hermence-
Qulckmarch. Manilian, Captlvator, Libretto,
Daylesford, Rockcllff, also ran.
The only stake of the day was the
CatskiU, a selling affair with a good
field, of which Gay Boy was the favor
ite, but the winner proved to be Aecen
sion, which Hildebrand had as his sec
ond winning mount of the meeting, hia
first being Rose of Dawn In the* third
race. To the surprise of all who have
seen Ascension run before, that mare
was eo full of speed that ail around the
far turn she was under a pull, Hilde
brand not being able or desir
ous of going to the front till the
stretch was reached. Once in the
straight Ascension drew away, but
nearing the finish Hildebrand allowed
her to run without urging, and she eas
ily won front Old England, which had
made all the running after galloping
nearly a furlong in one break. The
third horse was De Reszke, whose per
formance indicated that he will be hard
to beat in a mile race. Gay Boy was
forced to run wide and was somewhat
hampered by De Reszke,
In the third race Rose of Dawn, one
of the most truly proportioned fillies in
this country, outlooked her competitors,
but was said to be a trifle short of
work and was not as freely supported
as her looks warranted. She won clev
erly, with the poorhy handled Teacress
second, Lyne's riding of this filly being
much criticized. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; handicap; three
vear-olds:
Betting. Horne, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
16 to 5— Stalwart, 114 (Redfern). 1 2 1^1 n
11 to 5— Jocund. 118 (O'Neill) 4 1 1^2 1*4
6 to 1— Scarfell, 107 (Burns) 7 4 V, 3 8
Time. 1;13. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, E. B. Thomas* ch. c by Meddler-Melba.
Leonldaw' Et Tu Brute, Marjoram, Major Pel
ham ana Monet also ran. '
SARATOGA, Aug. 8.— Racegoers had
plenty of excitement in the matter of
close finishes to-day, no less than five
of the six events being won by no more
than a head. In the steeplechase, which
also supplied a head finish, there was
not a single fall, although .Daylesford
ran out on the far turn.
Special Dispatch to Ttte Call.
Ananias Wins the Riv
erside Selling
Stakes.
Rose of Dawn Proves
to Be a Filly of
Some Class.
CLOSE FINISHES ADD EXCITEMENT
TO EQUINE CONTESTS AT THE SPA
Commodore First in
a Handicap at
Km/ V • JLrf \J %JL i O •
Special ZMspateb to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 8. — Commodore
put it all over Bas d'Or In to-day's
feature and spreadeapled his field.
Baa d'Or was heavily -weighted and
could not get his stride early. Not a
favorite won In the betting:. Alico
Platt was heavily backed. The weath
er was clear, the track fast and the
attendance 4000. Summary: /
- FIRST RACE: — Four and a half furlong*;
two-year-olds : ¦*•
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4tol— T. Mlssour1an,100 (Adsn) 12212
6 to 1— Dresden. 105 (Ledar) 9 8 2 21
15 to 1— L. Mercury. 105 (Young) 7 4 2 8 3
Tlma. i6Oy t . Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, L. T. Lee it Son's b. g. by Free
Knight-Lillian. Ewaet Swaar 105. Batty Gold
105. Sound Top 105, Bavarian 105, Lady Sel
lers 105. Hershman 108, George T 10S. Trl
umphtress 106, Harlequin 108, finished aa
named.
SECOND RACK — One mile; three- jrear-oldn
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fln
5 to 1— Hubbard, 107 (Williams). 9 2 3 It
T to 2— Brooklyn, 107 (Ledar) 18 8 5 2H
40 to 1— Lookaway. 107 (Conway). > SI 34
Tlm«. 1:43%. Btart good. Won easily.
Winner, Martin & Walker* a b. g. by Joe
Korwood-NtlliM Gray. Berry Hughes 110;
Muscovolr 107. Yellow Hammer 110. Cora
Weed 105 Kennlngton 107, Tremlcw 110. Fan
nett 106, Coder. 105. Torto 107. Jollier 107,
Arthur 110, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— J^our and a half furlongst
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Bt. \ Fin.
7 to 2— Allca Platt, 105 (Troxler) 8 1 5 18
11 to 0— Kxalted. 103 (Anderson). 6 84 21
12 to 1— Anadarco, 105 (Davis)... 3 48 8 8
Time. :55%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, T. H. Stevens' b. f. by Oorernor
Foraker-Fonsle. Mr. Dade 108, Atalr 105,
Glencreith 108. The Only Way 110. Johnnie
Powers 106. finished as named.
FOURTH RACB— Six furlongs; thre«-r«*r
olds and up!
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. 8t. % Fin.
16 to C— Commodore. 98 (Booker) 1 11%1»
8 to 1— Blissful,- 88 (Anderson).. 8 3 H 2 H
15 to 1— M. de Carabae, 92 (Davis) 4 2 5 3 n
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J C Milan & Co'« ch o (8) by Th« Com
moner-Rosa Masso. Bas d'Or 119, Mafalda 96,
Floral, Wr»ath 110. Laura Hunter 93, also ran.
FIFTH RACB— One mU« and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
8 to 1 — Byron Rose, 101 (Roach).. 2 2 1 In
30 to 1— Glennevis, 97 (Lindsay).. 4 1 1%2 1
60 to 1— Ryevale. 88 (Anderson).. 1 4 2 3n ,
Time, 1:46U. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. P Wilson's ch. g. (6) by Ducat-Rosa
of Magenta. Lady Strathmore 104, Claremont
100, Flora Bright 97, finished aa named. Light
Opera 99 broke down.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horss, Weight. Jockey. 8L % Fin.
18 to 5— Buccleuth. 102 (Austin).. 6 1 % 1 *4
10 to 1— Reglna D, 87 (Anderson).. 8 2 1 2n
18 to 5— Flyer. 99 (Roach) 1323%
Time. 1:49. Start good. Won easily. Winner.
B. Schreiber's b. g. (o) by Odd Fellow-Mont
gomery Cooper. Iras 102, King's Court 101.
Little Corker 95, Leenja 105, Goo Goo 100.
Short Cake 87, Irby Bennett 106. Delinda 94,
Prodigal Son 103. also ran.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Aug 8. — To-morrow'B entries:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling,
maidens— rLady Sellers I12.-Fallone 112. Ne
penthe 112. Cernova 112. Matera 107. Consetta
107, Lady Lou 107, Pharmacy 107, Bessie Bras
field 107. Stella M 107, Ollie Burnett 107.
Elenla 107. Aspatia 95.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Moyle
122 Varro 119, Death 119, Mindora 117, Algon
quin 117, Klngstelle 117, Twemlow 115. Dr.
Clark 114, Trogon 112. Fenian 112. Helen Hay
112. Mlllbrook 110, Sam Stevens 107, Allegrette
105.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Lucky
Charm 108. Hadrian 108. Milton Young 105.
Layson 103. Fruit 105. McDecelver 100, Tommy
O'Hara 105, Monogram 102, The Cook 102.
Darthula 05, Annlsouam 95.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Jack Young 108, Taby Tosa 107, Boaster
102, Old Stone 9S, Harmakls 90, Mainspring 84.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yard3 — Just
So 109. Commodore 106, Trapsetter 103. Dick
ens 103, Jack Little 100. Buccaneer -100. J. P.
Mayberry &5, Dollnda 92, St. Agnes II 90.
Sixth race six furlongs, selling— Sid Silver
105 Bensonhurst 105, Miss Manners 103, Dolly
Gray 103. Pathos 103, Sting 103. Rosecourt 103.
Ed Ball ICO. King Rose 100, Joe Goes 100. Tal
ly H 100. Howling Dervish 100, Lady Vashtl
98. Eretna 98. , .
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First race — Stella M. Nepenthe,
Ollle' Burnett.
Second race — Deatli, Kingstelle,
Mindora.
Third , race — Darthula, Lucky
Charm, Hadrian.
Fourth rac<? — Jack Young. .Taby
Toga. Old Stone.
Fifth race— Just So. Commodore.
Buccaneer.
.Sixth race — Dolly Gray, Rose Court,
Miss Manners.
Condition of the track — Fast.
WASHINGTON TAKES THIRD
GAME FROM ST. L.OT7IS
Stahl DLstinsnilshes Himself by Send
ln£ Ball Over the Fence for
a Homer.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 8. — The Washlngtons
made it three straight to-day. Stahl again
knocked the ball over the fence for a borne
run. Score — St. Louis ,1. Washington 9. Bat
teries — Glade and Kahoe. Patten and Clarke.
DETROIT. Aug. 8. — Boston was defeated by
the locals to-day. Score — Detroit 2. Boston O.
Batteries ( — Kllllan and Drill. Dineen and
Criger.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 8.— Orth was knocked
out of the box In the second inning. Score-
Cleveland 9. New York 1. Batteries — Dona
hue and Bemis; Clarkson. Orth and Klelnow.
CHICAGO. Aug. 8.— A batting rally, aided
by an error and a pass, gave an exeitlns fin
ish to the game to-day. Score — Chicago '5,
Philadelphia 6. Batteries— Owen and Sullivan,
Plank and Schreck.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8 — Warner's scratch hit
brought In the winning run in the ninth. Score
— St. Louis 3. New York 4. Batteries — AIc-
Farland and Grady; Mathewson. . McGlnnity
and Warner.
BROOKLYN, Aug. 8.' — Brooklyn was out
batted and ontfleJded to-day. Score— Chicago
4. Brooklyn 1. Batteries— BriggB and Kllng.
Cronin and Bergen. - ,
PHILADELPHIA, Auc. S. — The home team
developed a batting Streak to-day. Score —
Plttsburg 6, Philadelphia 10. Batteries — Lynch
and Smith. Sparks and Roth.
BOSTON, Auc. S. — Cincinnati batted Willis
freely. Scora — Cincinnati 4, Boston 1. Bat
teries — Harper and Pelts. Willis and N<?ed
hotn.
Botkin Cases Are Continued.
Judge Cook" was ready yesterday to
render his decision on the motion for
a new trial in the case of Mrs. Cor
delia Botkin. convicted for the second
time of the murder of Mrs. Elizabeth
Dunning by sending her a box of
poisoned candy. When the case was
called a representative of^ Attorney
McGowan said that McGowan was on
his vacation and had requested that
the matter, be continued till August 16,
cs he desired to be -present. The con
tinuance was granted with the consent
of the District Attorney. Mrs. Botkin
was in; court, accompanied by her sis
ter. In Judge, Dunne's, court judg
ment on the motion to dismiss the in
formation charging* Mrs. Botkin with
the murder of Mrs. - Ida Henrietta
Deane was postponed till August 15.
CHARGED WITH GRAND LARCENY.—
David - Hal'.aghan was arrested yesterday on
complaint of Mrs. La vine Trotter of 535 How
ard street. . who . charges him with the grand
Urr»nv of a purse containing $160.
HILDEBRAND PILOTS ASCENSION TO VICTORY IN THE CATSKILL STAKES AT SARATOGA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1904.
PETALUMA. Aug. 8.— The assess
ment figures submitted to-day by As
sessor M. D. Hopkins for. the city of
Petaluma*show an increase of $225,597
over last year. The total valuation Is
$2,623,169.
Petaluma Is Prospering.
The Columbia bowling alley team of
San Francisco bowled the Monarch
bowling team of Seattle live games
last night lri their match series. The
Columbia team made the exceptionally
high score of 1039 pins in five games.
The Seattle team scored 993 pins. This
was the fifth same. The Columbia
team leads by fifty pins.
Local Bowlers Lead.
Edward Kleinbach, an aged man*
of 731 Minna street, while returning
from a visit early Sunday morning and
climbing: the stairs at the rear of his
house, became dizzy and fell to the
bottom. He was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital. where his
wounds were dressed. Later he re*
covered consciousness and walked
home. At 4 o'clock In the afternoon
he fell out of bed In convulsions. He
was again taken to the hospital. There
It was found he had fractured his
skull. He was operated on by Dr.
Stevens and has a fair chance for re
covery.
¦ ? ¦
ARRESTED FOR EMBSZZT .TTHTPTT. — P.
Ehpinoca waa arrested last night by Pcllcernaa
Al Holmes on a warrant for misdemeanor em
fcezslement. \
Old Man Falls Downstairs.'
Peter Mullane, a boxmaker, who
lived at 549 Howard street, died at the
City and County Hospital yesterday
from wliat is supposed to be lockjaw.
The man was taken suddenly ill a few
days ago and after a short spell be
came unconscious. There were no
marks on his body to indicate injuries
which would result in tetanus, yet all
the symptoms of lockjaw were pres
ent. The body was turned over to the
Coroner for post-mortem examination.
Dies From Supposed Lockjaw.
A. Y. Petersen, "who conducts a sst
loon at 263 Ninth street, was badly
beaten by three men last night. They
asked to be trusted for drinks, and
when the bartender refused one of the
men struck Petersen with a block ot
wood and the rest of them joined in
the assault. Petersen was taken to th»
Central Emergency Hospital, where It
was found that two bones In his right
leg were broken and that he was
bruised severely about the face and
body. Later In the evening Peter Buck
ley was arrested for the offense ana
placed on the Email book at the City
Hall station. Detectives are -working
on the case.
8
— r ADVERTISE3IENTS.
e b est known and most popular blood puriner
toTggj^ljijI and tonic on the market to-day is S. S. S.
>x *— "^ v^ - ' There is hardly a man, woman or child in America who
has not heard of "S. S. S. for tho blood." It is a standard remedy and
Specific for all blood troubles and an tmeqnaled spring tonic and appetizer.
S» S. S. is guaranteed purely vegetable, the herbs and roots of which it is
composed being selected for their alterative and tonic properties, making it
the ideal remedy for all blood
and skin diseases, as it not 1^^^SSSP^^t'«^SS&
only punlies and invigorates upon as m remedy to enrich the blood and to in-
the blood, but at the Same 3J*°rate and tone up the system. This «prin« my
.. " ' """ **•. u " c san *e D iood was bad and I waa run down in health, and
time tones Up the tired nerves havinjr ieen your medicine highly advertised I
and strengthens the general « om ="»nced ita use. To-day my blood is in fine
.„.._, C "S""="» ""= general coa dition and ray isnoral health is of tha boat.
system. _j Am fireman for a larea concern here, and if 1 was
For Chronic Sores and TT1- »otin »ood physical condition It would be in-
— Z, o i . possible for me to fill the place. S. S. S. has bean
cers, t^atarrh, Rheumatism, ~of *reat service to me. I do not hesitate to trive it
mia, Eczema, Psoriasis, Salt ,
Rheum, Tetter, Acne, and such other diseases as are due to a polluted or im-
poverished condition of the blood, nothing acts so promptly and effectually
as S. S. S. It counteracts and eradicates the germs and poisons ; cleanses
the system of all unhealthy accumulations, and loon restores the patient to
health. If you need medical advice write us about your case, and your letter
will receive prompt attention from our physicians, for which no charge i3
aade - THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*
ADVERT^EMENTS. •
>oooocooooo«6«ooeooo0d9eooo9eeo«oeooooQ«>94
POWER FOR MEN.
Do you want U> be a blr. husky maa. with vim ana power In your every action,
with courage, self-confldenee and ambition to "Co thlnrsV? Do vou want to *et rid
of that f»«lln«r of tfloom. that weakne B s In your back, that nervoua. wornout tetttn*
which unfits you for business or pleasure? . . .-
Do you want to fee} like a man all over, to hold up your head with the knowl-
edge thai you are the man that nature meant you to be? . '
I know that no man remains a weakllnfr because he wants to. 1 am but* that
you want to overcome every Indication of early decay that has shown itself on
you. 1 don't think the man live, who would not like to feel a.Vbi,f anTrtronff as'
a Eandow. and I know that if you have a reasonable foundation to build upSn I
can mak« you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want you to know^hat
you who can't believe it. and I want you to have my book in which I describe how I
learned thaX strength was only electricity, and how I learned to restore it- also
I want to tell you the names of some men who will tell you that when they came
to me they were physical wrecks, and are now among the finest specimens of Dhv-
rical manhood. * - .- r " .
1 can do'juct am much for women aa for men. I hare thousands of letters from
t-rateful women, who had rpent year» and money trying to get relief from dniKs and
who came to me as a last resort and are cured now. '
Don't watt a minute. Send for this book now. If you will inclose this ad I will
"end it sealed, free, and will give you the names of your own neighbors who .are
cured. I will tell you whether I can cure you or not. If you will tell me your
troubles. Call, if possible for free consultation. r ¦
Dr. MX. McLaughlin, 9 JSL 6^feL^ACCUSED - OF. STEALING A CLOCK
Jvome O'Connor w«. arrested late last night
by l'atrolmen McFee and Gall&han and
charged at the Fotrero station with burglary.
O'Connor la acctiaed of bavins broken Into the
place of Hons Hok, a Chinese, woo lives in
the Potters.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8.-^-The New York
Republican State Convention will meet
at Saratoga on September 14. the an
niversary of the first New York State
Fremont Convention.
New York - Convention's Date.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 8.— Deeds to two
tracts of land which are to form the
Bite of the new Santa Clara College
were filed in the Recorder's office to
day. They. are from Shelby H. Klfer
and wife and Michael McKenzle and
wife to the president and board of
trustees of Santa Clara College.
Deed Given for College Site,
HONOLULU. Aug. 2. — A Roosevelt
Club was formed in Honolulu on Sat
urday evening to take part in the
coming campaign. Its members in
clude many prominent Republicans of
Honolulu. Governor Carter. Acting
Governor Atkinson, Delegate Kalan
ianaole and others were made honor
ary vice presidents.
HAWAIIAN'S ACTIVE.
From' 1 San - Francisco— H. A ; . Camp
bell, at the Vendome; C. A. Chase, at
the Grand Union; I. Davis, at the
Hotel Imperial; L. G. Feitig, at the
Astor House; Miss M. Harklns, at the
Victoria; M. Harvey, at the Grand
Union; G. I* Henri and wife, at the
Wolcott; A. F. Kales* at the West
minster;-O. O.Newland, at the Ven
dome; C. D. .Slocum, at the Grand
Union; M. Standish, at the. Hotel Vic
toria; W. E. Taverner, at the-Grand
Union; C. ; , MJ Tozer, at the" Holland
House; L. S F. Tuttle, at the Ashland
House, and H. Teuchner, at the Broad
way Central.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8. — The follow
ing Californians have registered in
New York:
Californians In New York.
Cooper and Rodgers, manglers of the
German language, made their first ap
pearance at the Chutes yesterday and
scored laughing hits at both perform
ances with their funny sketch,
"Pickles and Kanickles."
Chutes.
HONOLULU, Aug. 2.— It is now be
lieved that Senator Palmer Woods,
Democratic national committeeman,
will retain the office of committeeman,
which he recently announced his in
tention to resign. Woods, according
to a published report, will give his
proxy to M. F. Tarpey of California.
WOODS WILL NOT RESIGN.
Fischer's.
Fischer's Theater has a new star in
Nellie Gerin, who made her first ap
pearance last evening in "The Whirl
of the Town."
TRENTON, N. J.. Aug. 8.— That for
mer President Grover Cleveland will
consent to be the Democratic nominee
for the Governorship of New Jersey,
for the sake of aiding in carrying the
State for Judge Parker, is the hope of
former United States Senator James
Smith Jr. Smith believes that Cleve*
land will accept the nomination. . ,
Democratic leaders other than Smith
are not inclined to believe that Cleve
land would be willing to enter State
politics, even for the sake of aiding
Judge Parker.
Gubernatorial Nomination.
CLEVELAND MAY HEAD • TICKET.
New Jersey Democrats Favor Him for
B. A. .Worthington. assistant direc
tor of maintenance and operations of
the Harrlman lines, who has been
Journeying slowly westward and mak
ing a thorough inspection of the
Southern Pacific Company's system,
arrived here yesterday and is regis
tered at the St. Francis.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Elmer Stone of Napa is at tho
Palace.
H. A. Alfrey of Jonesboro, Ark., is
at the Palace.
R. F. Johnson, Mayor of Monterey,
is at the Palace.
F. C. Lusk, a lawyer of Chico, is
staying at the Palace.
M. E. DIttmar, a publisher of Red
ding, is at the Grand.
Dr. Charles V. Cross has returned
from a three months' tour of Europe.
F. B. Pattee, a merchant of An
gels Camp, is a guest at the Grand.
George E. Dimock, a wealthy resi
dent of Elizabeth, N. J., and his fam
ily are at the Palace.
State Printer W. W. Shannon is
down from Sacramento with his -wife.
They are at the Grand.
William Dlngee, the well known
capitalist, and his daughter will leave
to-day on the steamship Mariposa. for
a trip to Tahiti.
Colonel George Macfarlane of Hon
olulu, former chancellor \ to the late
King . of Hawaii, arrived here yester
day from the islands and is staying at
the St. Francis. •
ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 8.— James J.
Hill, president of the Great Northern
Railway, is being urged by L. T.
Rosing, C. D. O'Brien and other
equally powerful Democratic leaders to
declare himself a candidate for Gov
ernor of Minnesota. The Hill boom has
passed the formative stage and is a
factor to be reckoned with in the pres
ent political situation. The Democrats
are almost without a man who could
make a showing of much strength. J.
J. Hill's personal influence is powerful,
and many conservative men believe he
could carry the State.
Railroad Magnate Being Boomed by
Minnesota Democrats.
.T^MES J. HILL FOR GOVERNOR.
Tlvoll.
Undiminished houses at the Tivoli
continue to greet that rattling, musical
comedy, ''The Toreador."
Fun and specialties made up the bill
at the Central Theater last night, when
Charley Hoyt's rollicking farce comedy,
"A Bunch of Keys," was revived, with
the favorite comedian, James Corrigan,
in the role of Snaggs, the hotel keeper.
The house was crowded and the piece
enjoyed from start to finish. Corri
gan's popularity was shown in the en
thusiastic reception given him on his
first entrance. One of the hits of the
show is the toe dance by Hazel Allen
and the pedestal clog by Bessie Allen.
The girls are the prize dancers of the
Gaelic Dancing Club of this city.
Central.
The production of "Sheridan, or the
Maid of Bath" at the Alcazar last
night was a pronounced success. The
play is founded on incidents in the
life of Richard Brinsley Sheridan, who
is capitally Impersonated by White
V.'hittlesey, and it was given with a
lavish scenic settmg and a profusion
of beautiful costumes worthy of pro
ductions that command higher prices
of admission. The piece is a refined
comedy specially written for E. H.
Sothern, and it loses nothing in the
admirable manner in which it is in
terpreted by Whittlesey and his cap
able corps of assistants.
Alcazar.
SACRAMENTO. / Jg. 8.— Upon the
recommendation of Judge E. C. Hart
of the Superior Court, who presided at
the trial, and of W. F. Renfro. who
was attorney for the defendant, Gov
ernor Pardee this afternjon granted a
reprieve to Charles Lewrence, an In
dian who was sentenced to hang at
the Folsom Prison next Friday for
the murder of an old man named C.
H. McCarthy in September last. The
Indian's life will be spared by the Gov
ernor until the seventh day of next
October.
Reprieve for Condemned Man.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8. — Although
there was little time to-day for a
formal discussion of anything but the
details of the national -campaign by
the Democratic leaders in this State,
whenever the question of a candidate
for Governor of New York State this
fall was discussed Daniel S. Lamont
was the man under consideration. In
fact, there is little doubt among the
lesser leaders in the party in the in
terior of the State and among Inde
pendents in this city that President
Cleveland's Secretary of War will be
the choice of the State convention.
Judge Parker has asked Lamont to
visit him at Esopus.
New York Democrats Insist That He
Head the State Ticket.
SIGNS POINT TO LAMONT.
Inside the inclosure an elegant ca
sino is to be built to contain refresh
ment rooms, restaurant, dancing pavil
ion and an up-to-date theater.
An Immense -dam is to be built across
the river, the waters to be used for
generating light and for boating and
bathing.
Work will be commenced within
thirty days. Among the incorporators
are F. A. Cody, W. E. Silvey. Phlneas
Hall, W. H. Nicholson, Lewis Austin,
D. N. Jones and Sterling & Clancy.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 8.— Ben Lomond
is to have a big amusement resort, and
Messrs. Jones, Elsom and Cody are to
donate land for a park, with a 150
foot-frontage on Ben Lomond avenue,
extending to the creek.
BH\ LOMOND TO HAVE
GREATER ATTRACTIONS
PITTSBURG, Aug. 8.— Rioting broke
out among the strikers and non-union
men at the Glassport plant of the
Plttsburg Foundry Company to-day.
A dozen arrests were made. The sit
uation is serious.
Strike Riot in Pittsburgr.
CONTRASTS LABOR CONDITIONS.
PARIS. Aug. 8. — Before the Inter
national Miners' Congress, which
opened here to-day. John Mitchell
said:
Our primary object in coming to Europe was
to obtain Information r-g«id!ng existing con
ditions. The n«-\vs!>ap<TS of the United i«tatPs
have often ualnted the conditions prevailing
among thn laborers of Europe as deplorable.
Aft?r what we hav-? seen we are certain that
there tif-wspap^rs exapsTated nothing, and all
that they have printed falls short of the truth.
In Europe, the life of the worker is h?ld too
cheap, while In thf I'nited States th* work
inRman from every point of view lives under
better conditions.
Mitchell's address was received with
enthusiastic applause.
It is believed that the fire was
started by sparks from a passing lo
comotive. A first alarm was quickly
followed by a second and almost im
mediately afterward by a third. The
flames spread with marvelous rapidity
and a general alarm brought all 'the
fire fighting apparatus in the central
portion of the city into action.
¦ In addition to the cars destroyed by
the flames there were more than 100
damaged, involving a loss of more than
$50,000. Before the fire was brought
under control it had spread over on
area one block wide and four blocks
long; entirely occupied by the Amer
ican Refrigerator Transit Company
plant.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 8.— The plant of the
American Refrigerator Transit Com
pany was almost entirely destroyed by
lire to-day, entailing a total loss of
about $250,(>M). The plant is valued at
about $50,0<X>. the most serious loss
beinjr the destruction of 100 refrigera
tor cars, worth about $1500 each, which
were in the repair shops and on side
tracks in the company's yards.
and the Lo-s Totals
$250,000.
One Hundred Cars Destroyed by Fire
FRTECE BLAZE BURNS
HEFHIGEUATING PLANT
MARTINEZ, Aug. 8.— A tract of
land known as the Frazier ranch, con
taining 250 acres and situated one
mile east of Martinez, was sold "yes
terday to Charles E. Ertz. president
of the Bullshead Oil Company. The
land adjoins that on which the com
pany's oil refinery plant is situated
and it is Mr. Ertz's purpose to at once
plat a townsite, where the employes
of three large industries may build
their homes.
Will Sell Buildinz Lots to
Employes.
/ •
President of Bull-head Oil Company
BUYS A BIG RANCH
AND PLANS TOWNSITE
NEW YORK. Aug. 8.— The advisory
board of the Amalgamated Meat Cut
ters' and Butcher Workers' Union of
North America at a meeting to-night
decided to order a strike in New York
and vicinity. Between 3000 and 4000
men will be called oat. . Slaughtering
will stop to-morrow morning and
twenty-four hours will be spent in
cleaning up so as to have the abat
toirs in good condition.
Advisory Board of Union Will Call
Out Butchers in New York.
STRIKE IS SPREADING.
From this class distinction and recognition
will ariw the gi-eat socialist third r*riy to ac
tive reforms by the ballot Instead of the strike.
CHICAGO, Aug. 8. — President Don
nelly of the National Meat Cutters*
and Butcher Workmen's Union, said
to-day:
The racking-house strike Is the greatest edu
cator of socialism the West has ever experi
enced. From being unconscious socialists the
workers are realizing that they are In reality
a part of the grf.it .socialist movement. The
harsh treatment meted out to the strikers by
the packers and'thc Inhuman conditions under
which they are willing to have men ani women
live and work in their slaughter-houses havu
brought organised labor to the conclusion that
the preferred claea has no hes!tati<fh In con
signing the masses to a fate worse than that
of slaves. Edward Tilden's advocacy of child
labor In the yards also has added fuel to the
flames of socialism.
Labor Leader Says Strike Is Great
Kducator of Socialism.
PREDICTS THIRD PARTY.
Miss Hilda Spong has the part of the
involved lady. She returns here as
beautiful as or.e gratefully remembers
her, and with a notable gain in viva
city. One feels a slight, hard strain
of newness in the work, but the ner
vousness of a first night may well an
swer for that.
Her Lady Verona Is otherwise a
charmingly sufficient conception, and
picturesquely luscious. The rest of the
cast is "notoriously" adequate, as Mrs.
Kr.apman would say. Perhaps the Pro
fessor Tofield of Walter Allen, with its
delicious Ibsen make-up and sledge
hammer realism, springs first to the
pen. This seems unfair again to the
admirable injured husband of John
Glendenning. a capital, sympathetic
and. excellently dienified portrait. Then
thr-re is Stanley Dark's Pjecroft. nota
ble again. J. Hartley Manners excel
lence itself as Gerald Fanmere. Freder
ick Tiden's clever Tavender, Miss Bus
ley's pert mischief as Mrs. Tavender,
Bertram Harrison and Maggie Fisher
as Mr. and Mrs. Knapman — but there
is no fear of your missing them. Play
and players are of the battering ram
order of success.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
True, as one of Joseph's friends says,
he "would not trust his grandmother
with Joe Lacy." It happens, however,
that in the particular Instance Joseph
is innocent. As Joseph, Mr. Miller has
one of his most grateful opportunities.
He is all that the part demands — the
suave man of the world, the chivalrous
lover of the lady, the most eminently
be-badpr>red friend. One rolls the scene
under ore's tongue where he repeat?,
to his disbelieving chums, including an
uncle who has made "it his duty for
years to speak nothing: but the whole
truth." his in truth fishily sounding
story. It is throughout to say a whole
hearted "thank you" to actor and stage
manager.
It is delightful to find Henry Miller
again where Henry Milier should be, in
a part that fits him to a birthmark and
as the stace manager par excellence.
Admirable in mas?, the whole perform
ance teni'Us one to dally with its per
fect detail. Lack of space alone pre
vents a dithyrambic orgy on this, from
the Regent street toast rack to the
doors that shut. Perhaps to say that
every member of the cast — a large one —
Is as real as these is to say only the
truthful most of them.
Ah. and what brilliant material the
dramatist has given to them! The motif
of. the play is the depl^able readiness
of your best friend to "believe the
worst"— as they say at the Central— of
you — the snowball growth of scandal.
The motif has been tragically used be
fore by Echegaray. you remember, in
"E! Gran Galeoto." Jones lightens it,
and in a play admirably logical, un
hackneyed and invariably entertain
ing tells the story of the innocent Jo
seph condemned by a jury of his best
friends.
A Miller performance at its most, a
Jones play at Henry Arthur's best, is
the record of last night's production of
••Joseph Entangled," favored us by
Charles Frohman for its American pre
miere. Here at least was -no case of
"trying It on the dog"— not that Mr.
Miller has ever been given to testing
the local squeal. But the play's suc
cess seemed a foregone conclusion. I
cannot imagine even Mr. Stockwell,
who refused "A Texas Steer" at
$1000, being pessimistic about the en
tangled Joseph. And, though this Is
by no means saying everything, the
comedy is one of the current triumphs
of the London season. Last night at
the Columbia the verdict was enthu
siastically indorsed by the most grudg
ing sort of local premiere taster. If
Mr. Frohman will take our word for it
— granted the cast that he gave us in
play last night— he - will have the
ear of New -York with ""'Joseph En
tangled" for as long as he Wants it
next season.
Republican delegates elected in San
Frajicisco to-day will nominate six
candidates for the State Senate, one
•from each of the following Senatorial
districts: Seventefnth. Nineteenth.
Tiver.ty-ftm. Twenty-third. Twenty
fourth <to fill vacancy), and Twer.ty
fifth. The contest for Republican nom
ination in the Nineteenth District is
excix.r.z rr.or«= than local interest. In
this district Richard J. Welch is at the
head of a ticket in opposition to the
organization. If his ticket wins he
will ?»t Th« party nomination for the
Star* Ser.af». It is predicted that E. I.
Wolfe in til* 5 Twer.ty-firFt, Cl^orgr B.
Kear.e in the Twenty-third. Phil Has
kir.s in the Twenty-fourth and J. H.
Nelcoa ;r. the Twenty-fifth will win.
In the Seventeenth Bernard L. Conlon
is an active candidate for Senatorial
honors.
twwn B. F. Rush of Suisun and F. W.
Devlin of Vallejo is engaging: more
than local attention. The prize at
Ftake is the Republican nomination for
State Senator.
The counties of Plumas. Sierra. N>
va<!a and Placer comprise the Third
Senatorial District. The Republican as
pirants for the St8te Senate are \V. B.
Lardner and F. M. Rutherford. An in
teresting- contest is in progress.
«\immittee forces, however, under the
leadership of Gavin McNab. ar<? well
organized in every Assembly district.
Th»? Republicans will poll the aver
aw primary vote to-day. As there
v.-ill b<? n<» ?'Xi-iiing contests in other
than the Thirty-second. Thirty-nfth,
Thirty-sixth ard Thirty-ninth districts,
a very largre vote will not be polled.
The name of Fred Ilawts. candidate
for State convention in the Twenty;
< isrhth District, has been incorrectly
published a? Fred Harris.
in the Thirty-ninth District the reg
ular Republican ticket is headed by T.
E. Atkinson for delegate to State con
vention. F. E. Maestretti heads the
low'al ticket in the same district.
Delegates to the nominating conven
tions of the several political parties will
he chosen to-day in twelve of the cities
•>f th» State and throughout th» coun
ty of Santa Clara. The twelve cities are:
San Francisco. Los Angeles. Oakland,
Diega. Pasadena. Alatr.cda. Berke
ley. San Jose. Sacramento, Stockton,
Fresno and Vallejo.
Th* 1 political storm center to-day is
fn Ix»s An ire! ess, where the forces of
Bard. Oxnard and Flint are flsrhting
for the control of the conventions that
wtH nominate legislative \ candidates.
The contest is so animated in the chief
city of the south that rcany Democrats
T*tll vot* for Republican delegates.
There is a close fight in the Republi
can column of Stockton over the State
Senatorsbip. The principals in the con
test are F. E. Dunlap and A. E. Muen
ter. A contest in Solano County be-
There will be quite an exodus of dope
Sends from the Forty-fourth district
early in the day. It is said that one
of the Mission districts will be the ob
jective point cf the expedition.
Both factions of the party seem to
be confident of victory. The greater
activity was shown last night at
O'Briens Horse and Cart headquar
len in the Grand Hotel The County
Tlie County Committee force* and
the Horse and Cart followers of the
Democratic party of this city will meet
la battle array at the primary pools
iL»-day. Close fighting is predicted in
ihe Twenty-eighth, Thirty-seventh and
Fnrty-fourth districts. Face smashing
in the Twenty-eighth was talked of
!::st night.
The Porte recognized the demand in
principle, but thus far has failed to
execute the necessary measures and
the American legation has now sent a
communication to the Porte pointedly
demanding a speedy and final settle
ment, the issuance of the necessary
orders and the official acknowledg
ment by Turkey of the American de
mands. There are no monetary claims.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— Secretary
Hay to-day bluntly told Chekib Bey,
the Turkish Minister here, that the pa
tience of the American Government is
well-nigh exhausted. The Minister Is
expected to communicate this infor
mation to his home Government speed
ily.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sunday, Aug.
7. — The. announcement of the dispatch
of the American European squadron
to Smyrna has perturbed the Porte and
will doubtless hasten the solution of
the question at issue betv.een the
United States and Turkey in a man
ner satisfactory to the former. The
Porte haj promised Ar..:rican Minister
Lieshman that a reply favorable to the
American demand for the same fa
vored treatment in the matter of
schools, hospitals and charitable Insti
tutions as Is accorded to other powers
would be given August 3. The giving
of the answer was' then postponed to
August 4, but up to the present time
no answer has been received.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8. — The Building
Trades Alliance, which comprises all
the unions affected by the big lockout
order, which went into effect to-day,
at a meeting this afternoon adopted a
resolution providing for the repudia
tion of the general arbitration plan
signed a year ago by representatives of
th*> Building Trades Employers' Asso
ciation and members of the Building
Trades Alliance.
5 In effect the resolution calls for the
complete denial on the part of the
unions of any arbitration plan or
plan binding them to employers. It
was stated at the conclusion of the
meeting that all the big Jobs in the
cfty would be struck to-morrow.
The number of men affected by the
lockout is variously estimated at from
50,000 to 100,000. About half of these
are skilled workmen.
CHICAGO, Aug. S.— Orders were is
sued to-day to drivers of Ice wagons to
deliver no more ice to butchers who
buy of the big packers or to any of the
branch houses of the packing plants
where the men are now on strjke.
Pick«ts will be stationed at the 200 re
tail markets that have been placed un
der the ban of the unions to see that
the boycott is enforced to the limit.
Additional police were ordered to re
port at the stockyards station to-mor-.
row morning to aid in protecting a
train from the East which is expected
to arrive with 700 strike-breakers, said
to include between 200 and 300 skilled
workmen.
Vice President Smith, who arrived in
the city to-day from San Francisco,
discussed with President Donnelly the
co-operative packing system now in ex
istence in Oakland, Cal., where he said
the butchers who were locked out some
months ago are in business for them
selves, with such success that the pack
ing companies are entreating them for
some J kind of settlement. Th^re. he
said, the operators of the rival indus
tries have the backing of the Pacific
Live Stock Growers' Association.
Bard. Oxnard and Flint Will
. Contend for Mastery in
the City of Los Angeles
Henry Miller and Hilda
Spong Fit Excellently Into
Clever Piece at Columbia
Adopts Resolution- Calling
for Complete Denial of
Document Signed in 1903
Ban of Unions Is Placed on
Two Hundred Merchants
Who Buy From Packers
Announcement of Dispatch
of the Squadron to Smyrna
May Bring Him to Terms
( ONTESTS IN INTERIOR
AN ADMIRABLE CAST
WILL PICKET MARKETS
DISSOLVES AGREEMENT
POETE MUCH PERTURBED
Spirited Figfct for Control
of the Democratic Local
Nominating Convention
"Joseph Entangled," Played
1 for First Time in America,
Is Masterpiece of Humor
Secretary Informs Sultan's
Minister Patience of This
Government Is Exhausted
Drivers of Wagons Ordered
to Refuse to Deliver the
Commodity to Retailers
New York Building Trades
Alliance Decides to Re
pudiate Arbitration Plan
STOP BUTCHERS'
SUPPLY OF ICE
COMEDY COMES
FROM LONDON
BEADY TO NAME
THE DELEGATES
HAY DELIVERS
BLUNT MESSAGE
LOCKOUT ORDER
MET BY UNIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 9,, 1904. '
9
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to cure
fill the ills that humanity Is belr to. but ,
thousands of people have been benefited ,
by the use of Bartlett Water and many (
cured. •
If you would Improve your health and {
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett ,
Springs, where there Is a resident phy- ,
rtclan. a manager of amusements and com- ,
petent masseurs. <
Housekeeping cottages. $3 CO to $5 00 per ,
week. v i
Send for a booklet that wUl tell you all t
about Bartlett, i
Write J. E. MeMAHAN. Bartlett 1
Epricgs. Cal.. or call at 2 Suttcr St.. San i
Francisco. ]
AguaCaliente
Springs
w» hava added many NEW attractions to ,
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year rrur.d: the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Franeisce. temperature 113 degrees; no
staxinjr; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
atthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Spring* ; tub and plunge
baths and th« largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms ars first .
class. Rates $2 per day. $13 to $14 per week.
Bp«.eial rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery St..
cr address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua. CaUente
Eprlngs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern •
dlninr-mom: can seat 490 guests.
Grand aaaajuljuuia
Electrically i Concerts
Display g j^g^y | Daily
c<ooooofl-o » Trjnrjnnnf)«»
Santa Cruzl
SojLSLSLSJlA Ffng.^ ajLSLStJl&U°
P.ungf.Surf £ vt ",;. V, 3 Fireworks
xndTob -jo oatning 3 Watcr Sport$
Baths |o Oil the o Reef Gardens
Dancing £ Coast # Sununtr
Bostinj and jo 0 Theatricals
Fine Salmon « Som€* Z V<udcviile
Fwhing e ' thing Z Sptcumts
Lovely Drlvtsg Doinfl 3 •»•
A'ong the jo _ii x\T 3 Special Rates
Coastand ,» . ™* lDC J via S. P. *y
Through the J» inHC 3 During the
Redwoods WTTSm'SVTrs Entire Season
Santa Catalina Island
S\i Hours From Los Angeles. Eeaaoa ISKHk.
Oar Fsmous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and tha finest tuning oa the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reaaoa-
iiuici mctiUiiwiCi
Modern In all particulars.
For further information address
PECK" 8 INFORMATION BCREAO. 11
Montgomery it., or BANNIXO CO.. 23 8.
Spring it.; Los Anseles.
DRl C O. O'DONNELjIjS'
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
scrt oa the coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complatnta,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 44
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and 8. T.
A N. P. R. R. rive special rates to campers;
80 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park: mineral
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Meals
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. o.'fic*
102^ V. Market st-. bet. Sixth and Seventh. Saa
Francis co.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED. ¦
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach liver and kidney diseases.
WHT EXPERIMENT t
For further particular* writ* to W. R» PRa-
THER.
. VACATION TSIPS.
Iiow Bound-Trip Bates.
August and September are the best months'
for camping and outing trips alons the North
Shore. Weather warm and bright. No foR
nor wind. Low round trip rates <S1 to $3 73)
to Camp Taylor. Tocaloma. Point Reyes. Uar-
shalls. Camp Plstolesi. Camp Meeker. Tyrone,
Monte Rio. Mesa Grande. Duncans Mills. Wat-
eon« and Cazadero. Comfortable hotels, cot-
tages and csxnpa. Hunting and fishing trips.
Boating and bathing. Special low rates on
Sunday, also Friday or Saturday to Monday.
Through tickets from points in San Joaquin or
Sacramento valleys. Get copy "Summer Out-
Ings" and "Short Scenic Trips" at North Shore
office, €28 Market street. . »;.. - :
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extensively Improved; new hotel; gas light,
large dtntng-room. telephone, hunting, w-hing.
swimming, bowling, dancing, all amusements.
Personal management. Get booklet. 30 Mont-
gomery street. W. A. McCORNACK. Prop.
LA HONDA AND PESCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; *
a. m train. 8d and Townsend. aad 9:20 a, m.
train" from San Jose connect with stages direct.
Addres* WALTER KNIOHT. Redwood City.
Cal ¦¦ _^
LAKEPORT "AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGS LIME— Hosland to Bartlett Spring*,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Laiteport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect wtta'
trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at Lakeoort at 8:30; arrive at Bartlett
Sprlnjrs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-passesger
tourist- wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Pasaenger* for Lakeport or Ban-
ktt Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett SPriaxa
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased-en o!J:«
of California N. W. Hy* £50 Market «.. or
at Tlburon ferry.
MILLER * HOWARD. Prop*.
WHITE SXJI«PHTr* SOTtarOS, YallafeT
Cal.— Most accessible springs to Saa Francisco;
round trip »1. no stage fare; only 2% hours'
ride; B miles from Vallejo; hot. cold aad
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of .rheu-
matism. . neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and
rtomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak*
for boatlnx and bathing. Dancing pavllioa.
New bowlinjc alley aad shuffle board. Rate*.
S10 a week.- Including baths. Address MAN'
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
HOSTS SXOSE HOTEL — On TomaJes
Bay. Good table and accommodations House
gas-lighted. Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
6H1 ELDS. Marahalla. Maria County. CaL
BCHAETEB'S OXOTE— BOSS V*T.T.BT.
Private bosrd Ing: terms reasonable. Tssua
meets Sunday morning trains. f Address MKs.
MATT LJNDSAT. Ross Station. .^
SIVEKSIDE HOTEL an 4 COTTAOXS
—Near beach; 20 acres beautiful grounds; sp*. ¦
elal rates to families: write for booklat. F.
BAP.SON. Proprietor. Santa Cruz.
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
OPEN EYEST OAT I2T TSS TEAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCOTN: A T»ar *"<*
tnree months ago I was attacked with that
territ>!» disease, loeomotor ataxla. Power to
Balance, stand, or eren sit down, entirely lo»t_
Two best doctors of Saa Francisco and Hot
Sprit**. Ark., failed to help m«. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I ha4
catarrh of stomach head and bladder a» a re-
sult of the disease; these troubles becajn*
<*£onl& At time* my heart would beat IU» »
arum, ray eyes crew weak, my memory bad.
nay nerves wrecked. Three months a«o I west
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since wa*
• pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waUra.
too* the bath.« — after three weeks' treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys In per-
fect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness 1
Rone, memory food. After three months' treat -
»ent. walked without a cane, with eyes closed
jnd up and down steep Mils; am cured of this
oread disease, now walk with, slight limp.
HaTe run store* In seventeen town* of th»>
etate of Calilorsla; an» well known In down-
town districts of San Francisco; inquiry ther«
will prove truth cf my helpless condition tare*
months a*-o. Further information. addr«*«
LOCI3 JACOBS. 8 Stockton st.. San FraneUco.
j Cal.
i • We have hundreds of testimonials trotn
others. Bend BOc In stamps for bottl» ot
rtomach and catarrh Baits. Round-trip ticket*
•t reduced rates. Southern Pacific:
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan. Cal.
I Spend Your Vacation
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs SanLu «»*
The most Ideal rwort for ple**ar» *a4
health on the Paclfle Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. Son Luis
Obispo. Ca].. and return. Including stags
to and from springs and on* week's
beard for $20.00 to *-2.OO. according
to location of rooms, or board and accoca-
isodatiens fft.OO to 912.00 per week.
Ecenlc rurroundlscs. free bathfojr.
boattr.? and fishing oa grounds. Fine
rhady walks, tennis and croquet grounds.
dance pavilion for guests. Fine, sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur 8prtns».
Cottages and furniture ars all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stag* meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:13 p. m.
i every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUB
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SVBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OHED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carrtSLges direct to th<t
mest picturesque portion of California, Beat
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves CaiU-
toga dally (Sundays ezcepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Setgler. Adams. Howard. Aa-
(Uricn. Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and G>n-
brook; half hour for lunch at Callstoga; also to
Mldd'.etown. Lower Lake. KelseyvlU* aa4
LaksnorC Livery In connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprtetar.
SEIGLER s^S^
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Posi-
tive cure fnr rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters fcr liver, kidney and all stomach trou-
bles. Swimming pond, orchestra. Fare $3 re-
turn trio. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot- "
tapes. Arsenic beauty baths. Kates $10 to $!i
per wn-k. Bath3 and amusements free. H. H.
McGOWAX. prop.. Seller. Lak- Co.. CaL
OWN In mountains CAMP
STTMMEK HOME of Soaoma Co. aniSSS
Pure water, equable climat-. lets selltnr »li>
up; cottages built by Meeker. $30 up; depot:
»tt>rr«i - restaurant t hotel: cost ami express:
telephone: sawmill: 000 lots sold: 3PO cottages
built. Sausalito ferry. N. S. K. R. M. C
MEEKER. Carat) Meeker. Sonoma County.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM
Not a hospital; best equipped oa Coast: mou.
cm Improvements; large treatment rooms:
Meal location ; &H acres; one block from street
cars: writ* for literature. San Jose. Cat.
THE TAUAC. J^KKE TAHOE. "«fc.
BOTH PLAN'S— AMERICAN and ECRO-
PKAK. Rates: AMERICAN— $3 per day and
upward. $17 5O per week and upward. EURO-
PE \N — Rcoms. $1 per day and upward." Loca-
tion, service, accommodations, livery and boat-
Ing superior to any resort on the lake.
HARX WEST SFSI2TGS.
H KOENER. Prct>. MRS. J. D. DROST
and'MRS. H. KOENER will manage sprtnss;
many improvements; new cement bathhouse.
and gas all over place: $2 day; $10 and $12
week. Office. 833 Larkln st.. cor. Geary, or
Marie "West Springs. Santa Rosa. Rural No. 0.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Cnw Mountains:
cottages and tents for light housekeeping of
camping.' A. J. GIBBS. Mgr.. Clbba. CaL
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leavlat S. F.
at 8-09 p. m. Returning, connects at Trucks*
wlta train reaching 3. F. at TiSO a. m.
THE BROCKWAY HOTEL,
LAKE TAHOE.
Beside the usual attractions of a Laka Taao«
rescrt we have the only bot vprtc^s. the raosc
sheltered shore and best fishing. , FRANK B.
ALVERSON. Manajcer.
BXTBXCO2T ?ASZ — A delightful resort
en shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beacb
• (or bathing on the laka. Fine fly fishing aad
hunting in season. Boata, fishing tackle, ud
horses at moderate hire. Rates (3 a day or
trom $10 to $18 per week. ' P. O. and telephsn*,
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lak* Tahoe. Cal.
MTCD D4DV IW» 3d cottages: 6 mHea from
llEXK TAKIV lilil Lak» Tahoe: open June I:
elevation 6507 feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. SO Montgomery st.
¦ J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
; CAMlfBHUZ BOT S7EISOS.
< In Sierra Nevada. Mountains, Sierra Countr.
6000 tset elevation. Ar» beaoUfuily toeattd
at the head of U» great Sierra Valley. 3a
miles loos; by 5 miles wide, surrounding waica
la the great primeval forest of pin* and Or. a.
specialty Is made of the table. The bot springs
«jr» aaequaled for th# cura of rheumatism.
ccut. liver and kidney complaints and all Moot
' aad skin <llrr»f— Rates for room aad board.
' Sll to $12 per week. Round trip from Saa
Francisco to springs vis Boca. $1* SO. Stag*
dally except 6uaday. connecting wit* • ». m.
train from Baa Frtaetaca
ADVERTISEMENTS^
Attention
To /Jetails has siven us a reputation
*.?t>r turains *>ct laundry work in a
••• manner pleasing to the owners and in
Vi wai to add to its life and usefulness.
it .you've laundry troubles now we'll !
eolvcthem to your liking: if you'll drop
• -uf .? <••->¦:. rr phone.
WTTED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MABKET STREET.
Telephone South 430.
HOT]SKSGET^ori
. # . MERCHANT TAILORS, »
\\' 622 Market Street- • l\
. is "Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HoteL «
!(! SAN FRANCISCO. «
'} Novelties In Imported Wear. <i
• : -^"^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
• fLi .» "1 629 EEABXY ST. Establish**!
fl3fS-^)\\» |H34 forth*' tr<-»un»r.t '¦' IVfv»!i»
'' E?tiW .fljIrHwMe*. '•rf>" > l Manhood. D»bi;lty «.r
. finDf|n<1w<t' weanr.jron hodvand mind and
"¦•*«X*v g*skln D:«-a-">'s. Tii* lxvror <~ur^« wh^ii
. 9VM ¦• ¦ ! \ t -t% orh*T* 1r.V<. 'i rr fc'm. « har~. -^ lovr.
.* rv*S .-^J>-2<"ore« t«»r»nlw<. O it or write.
D/.J. F.olBBO>. Kan Francisco. CaL
DIRECTORY
. OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
* ":/Z on Application.
- * jrarsK ajtd eaz.t meats.
TIC RflVFS £ ffl 6MDPU>« Butcher*. 108
""• ¦ OILS. "
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELLIS.
«8 Front »t.. S. F. Pnone Main 1718. .
PSIHTLMG.
E.L HUGHES _ *u e i^STi2:. 8 .r.
ADVERTISE31ENTS.
— ; : 5 — i PositiTelf cured by
f*ADTTDQ these Little Pill*.
UM II I EL f\ W Tkey aiso re Ucve Dls-
135131 i«ni n tn?£5 rro:n Dy^P 51^ In -
¦XgS ITT LE digestion and Too Hearty
Kfl jlffn Eat leg. A perfect rcm-
|H I V tn rdy for Dizziness. Nausea,
| PILLS* Drowsiness, Bad Taste
HH fi3 In tho Jloutn. Coated
gj||jEgg$gjc|| Tongue, Pain in tne Side.
HaMiam w I TORPID LIVER. They
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SHALL PRICE.
CARTERSi CURB SICK h^ ADACHEb
SSIittle Genuine Must Bear
a IVER Fac-Simile Signature *
Spills. — _^
summer mom
If you enjoy tennis or cro-
quet you will find the
grounds perfect at
AETNA SPRINGS.
After a game there is the
¦ big pool' for an invigorat-
ing plunge. Just send for
booklet* Aetna Springs
Co., Napa County, Cal.
Hotel EL GARMELO
Paclfle Grove. California. "Ths Little Del
Monte." At thn seasldt with bom* comfort*.
The place to ccend your vacation with - your
family. ¦ Surf bathing . and flshlnic. Rates
with board $2 CO a day upward. -cheaper thaa
ttaylngr horn*. Send (or Illustrated pamphlet.
Addresa GEO. H. CORDT. Mana*er.
CAMP CURRY I
Get circulars at all railroad offlcea. ; V n
Advertised by 4000 tnesta. •> '
| YOSEMITE
Saratoga Springs.
Jft different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery St.. or at 3.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. O.. Laka Co.. CaL
_„ _ Mcnlo Park, on* hour trom
1 1 ft ITT! 0 city. Nine trains dally. Per-
Hill II \ feet climate; beautiful place;
IIUI I I V comfort and quiet: excellent
table. "
AddreoW.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtf » School.
' KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Bcawlck. Sliklyou County. California.
Writ* to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
HOWELLMT.,WOdDWORTfl'Sfi e t h u Jl:
No tog. Purest spring water. . Olmate natural
tonic and Invlgorator. Residence 20 years. $7
per week. Woodwortb & Multer, St.Helena.Cal.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "TUESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1904.
10
Address Communications to
jOIi?^icXAUG HT^vH ; V
\V. J. MARTI X ¦ . . . BuglnessJ^nggg£
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator yrm Con-
nect You With the Department \ou vun.
Publication Office ..... Market and Jnlrd. J S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stepson st
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct». Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies * Ct*- Wlth
Terms by Mail Including Postage iCash Wlin
Order): tc nn
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), 1 . »'« ar -- 2oo
DAILY CALL liactod. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.w
DAILY CALL— By single Month o «ti
ECXCAT CALL. 1 Year T XX
UTEKLT CALL. 1 Year. ¦¦¦¦••¦••¦¦ ""£. .;«,
I Daily $S SO Per Year E».tra
KOKEIGN i BanSi % 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. 1 \v> c vi y l 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£*rr,Fle Cosits will be forwarded when re-
quested. . ..
Mali subscribers In ordering change °L£zr.
e.i^% ihtfuia oe particular to give both Nt. \\
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
IC1"C Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELKY OFFICE: „_,,, -x
tl«S Center Street Telephone Norta .<
WASHLNGTON CORRESPONDENT :
SAMUEL \V. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTaJdorf-Astcria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
T>:cn Equare; Murray Hill Hotel: Flftfa-ave-
tut Hotel ar.d Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NTWS STANDS:
Sfcennan House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremcnt Hou;-«: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Hcuse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. CBOSGE Kr.OGN£SS..Marquette Building
«Lcr.;; Diitar.ce Telephone. -Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN li. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKL1ON Herald Squar»
BCETNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Cr.!!, corner Market and Third ltreets; open
trill 12 o'clock even- right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market «re2t. epposite Fifth: cpen until
Up a.
127 MnrTgomery street, corner Clsy: open
ustll 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open uiitll 9:30 p. tn.
63r» McAllister Etreet- open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Lsrkin street: open until 9:. TO p. m.
1941 Mission street; cr.en ur.til 10 p. m.
10(5 Eleventh Etreet: open ur.til 9 p. m.
if&G Valencia ttrect: or*n until 9 p. ra.
Ncrtheart corner Church ard Duncan streets:
jgew until 9 p. m. '
;~-,n F:l!Tr«-—» rtr«*Qt: O7>en until 9 p. tn.
ME2TIITG NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO Lodge. U. D.. F. and «
A. M.. Mission Tcmrle— Second de-VY
pree THIS (TUESDAY) at 7:30 p. m./V\
By order of the \V. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodee No. 30. F. ar.d n
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- W
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Third degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodfe No. 260. F. ®
finfl A. M.. l!v» Filimore st. — First "VV
d-gree THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING at -::*> o'clock.
'__ HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodse No. 144. F. and A. a
M.— Third decree THIS (TUESDAY) Vy
EVENING Ht 7: u0 o'clock. /?>
A. S. HUBBAKD. Secretary.
ETABB KING Lois* No. .(44. F. and J»
A. M.. C17 Devigadero st. — Ud degree
THIS EVENING at 7:r.O o'clock. /V>
Mast*r Mascn? c< r-iially invited. By
Tder of the W. M. A. A. AXDERisON. Sec
MAGXOLIA Lease .\>. S, I. O. -jSA»iM5>
O F.— Initiation THIS ¦ TIEP-
DAY) EVENING.
SAMUEL FOLACg. Secretary*
CALIFORNIA HarU.r No. 13. $^_
A -. • M and P Officers ffl*j?!^»^
ur.-; n:e-: i.. :s ar* hereby re- iKa'^JHaB^^^
q-jested to attend the tuneral S^^m"
t.f our late brother. H. I"""
rHniSTOPHERSON. Fuirral car will leave
Ferry building THIS DAY? Aus. 9. at ll':2O
p. m. Interment Heir Cross Cemetery.
JOHN M< FARLAND. Captain.
R. N. PIPPKY. Secretary.
CFFICE of the McCarty Wlrel'ss Telephone
Company. Room ."27. 927 Market st.. San
Francisco. Cal.. Ace, 2. 10O4— To the Stock-
holders uf i>e Mc'.'arty Wir-leas Telephone
Company, a Corporation : Public notice is
hereby triven that a sixt-ial meeting of the
nockholders of Jm MeCarty Wiivless Tele-
rhone Company will be h^ld at the offlce of
the ssid ccirpany. room ."27. !t27 Market St..
Fan Francisco. Cal.. ca TUESDAY. August
ltf, ?SC4. at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
cf declaring vacant the offices of president,
secretary en'* treasurer. bt\C also as directors
cf Faid corporation; said meeting Is called by
oro.~r cf H«-nry A. Mr-Cart y. guardian of the
estat* of Francis .1. HcCarty, owner and
hclder cf more than two-third.? of the sub-
Ffrloed **apit&! Ktorlc of £ai»l corporation
HENRY A. MCCARTY. Guardian of the Esl
rate of Francis -T. Mc'.'arty.
AGEBTTS T7AXTEZS.
LADY agents— We have H? tellers for private
canvassing: our goods sell and no kicks at th«
r> r ice; sample at agente' price. 65 cents
utamp*) and free catakgue. The E. Tilton
Manufacturing Co.. office 706 Powell Et.
AGKNTS wanted everywhere for best fire ex-
• tinguisher on earth; late California produc-
tion: sells very reasonable: over 100 per cent
. profit; write quick for particulars. PACIFIC
SUri'LY CO.. San Jose. CaL
AHEN'TS — An agency for a proposition that is
a <ir-cW2ed improvement on huildlng and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. J*arrctt building.
LADY cr gentleman; fin? position and good
fay. {116 Market st.. yuite 5S.
!"8 ATTOKinrjrS-AT-ItA'W.
R. W. KING, Attorney- at-Law. Exam. ~bl<JgT
<!th floor; entrance room 611 ! established 15
years; a:i case*, general court and efflce
pracf.ee; no fee :n advance or for consulta-
t.on; evening* by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on ail l^trai matters: divorce* a
rpeciolty; private, quick; no pay In advance-
mining companies organised :patenti obtained-
G W. HOWE. 1322 Market «. : r-Ftab 22 yrs
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law bus-.niHs: no charge unless sue-
reftful: t pea evenings. 827 Market, room 30L
ADVICE free: dlxcrce costs $12; no fees or
ccsf« In advance: all law business: efflce
• cpen Saturday tvenlngn. 819 Market nt.. r.53.
HONEY advanced heirs or. enates; estates pro-
listefl; consul, free. F.Cclbourn. att'y.O27 Mkt.
Columbian Law &. Collation Agency, r. S5. 1)16
Market: tel. Jessie 0220; ro'.iclts your business
L. 6. CLARK. B27 Market »t.: consultation
free: no fee» in advance; open evenings.
PATENTS and pensions— SONNTAG'S PAT-
ENT fr ITVSIQN AGCY.. 214 Pine. 6th floor
automobxx.es.
AUTOMOBILE for >ale <r a dillac) with de-
tachable touneau. Box 191S. Call office.
A WHITE Ktalhope for FRje; price $R00; In
perfect running order. Dox 1979. Call.
RAMBLER nuto for sale; seats' two persons.
Box 225S. Call offlce
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieve* Instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. Wk. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas:
feifp WUhart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG parrots, guaranteed t o talk. (5 each;
largest variety dogs, birds, cages, etc.. at low
price*. 1544-40 Market rt.
BOAKPOTO TOB CHILDBEU. . ;
A MIDDLE aged lady would like 2 or 3 chil-
dren to board; mother's care. 30(3 Twen-
tieth St.. %
WANTED — By an experienced woman, infant
to board. For particulars Inquire 212 7th st.
•WANTED— 'By an experienced woman, an in-
fant to board. Inquire 212 So-venth at.
_BOOXS. ~~I~~~
ECHOOL books, old and new. bought and sold.
DALY & CURRAN. KS7 Geary st.
COLLECTIO JT OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 410
iicnrcorr.tr}". rooms 9-10; tel. Main £580.
J^SMrESS_C^NCESj___ w j7__ j
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; on Ellis j
«.; living rooms; rent $35; lease; a splendid
location and good paying business, bee K,
G. WILKE. 26K Kearny st. •
A— $2000; BARBER shop. 4 chairs; elegant
fixtures and clearing at least $50 per week; ;
rent $75. Including 7 rooms; located in choic- .
est business part of city. Call R. G. W ILKE,
26'/i Kearny st. f
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room: 37 beds;
good furniture: lease; a well paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny sU
A— $2200; coffee saloon and restaurant, op-
posite the Ferries building; lease; place es-
tablished years; doing a rushing and good
paying business; fullest Investigation solic-
ited. R. G. WILKE. 26\fr Kearny St.
A— $3500; corner grocery and bar on Fultcn •
St.; rent $eo: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about *2S0O; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny «t.
A — $350; corner cigar stand on water front;
rent $25; value in sight; a good business.
See R. G. WILKE. 26 % Kearny st.
A — $900; cigar stand on Market St.. close to
Phelan building; rent $76; place dears at
leait $17i per month. Call R. G. WILKE.
26 Vt Kearny st.
A— $1500; HOTEL and roadhouse. with 18 fur-
nlrhed rooms; rent $70; 5 years' Uase; large
barns yard, orchard, etc.; 20 steady board-
ers horses, buggies etc.; the best-paying
country hotel in San Mateo County. Se«
R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny st.
$4000— SALOON on Turk st.; net rent $150; 5
years' lease; elegantly fitted up place and
good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE.
2G>a Kearny st.
A— $1500; WHOLESALE bakery; dally sales
about $50; pew wagon. 2 horses, etc; rent
$45; stock at Invoice; only cash trade: a flne
business ofler. Particulars B, G. WILKE,
2U1S Kearr.y «t. '
A— $2050; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location in the Mission; place
established years and flrst-class paying; full
value in sight. See H. G. WILKE. 2t> V,
Kearny «t. t .
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located In the I
bt-st manufacturing town of San Mateo Co. : '
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms:
lease. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1800; ROADHOUSE, with flne living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall, 2 stables, etc.;
*. well-ad vei Used and good-paying house.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $«0l«; CORNER saloon, with 4 years'
lease; about 4 block from Market and Ellis
Etc; place doing a rushing business; value
in sight: owner must leave for the East.
gee R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— JS50; CORNER saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
«t*. : a good business; owner engaged In
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st
A— $?UGO; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; 'owner bought ranch
ir.d sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first -class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
gCVfr Kenrny «t.
A— $1000: KARe chance, rare chance, rar«
rnan:e; restaurant in San Rafael; dally re-
«.«ipts $25: rest $30; good business; ralus
In sUht: patronized by best class of people.
feee K. G. WILKE. 26 Va Kearny st
A — $£(*>: CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a flne business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; LEADING hotel In the best business
•own SO miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
•'.'.nlng-room; long lease; no bettar chance for
hotel business in the Interior. Call R. G.
WILKK. 2Cfr Kearny st
A— $1600: SALOON, \icinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton ets.; rent $150; lease: place estab-
lished years; flrst-class business. Call R. G.
_WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
A- $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 3« rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>>4
Kearny «t. : '•
A— $S£,00 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; en Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California: clace mutt be secrlnced on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^4 Kearny et.
A— CAMERON & CO.— Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
on* hour's ride from city; flne chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing: completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping: automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
etrictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; "perfect little home; owner
.obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine: flne prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rmg.-hs. orbusiness. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange income property in
Alameda for stock of merchandise tn S. F. ;
value about $8000. CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR eale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange^ — Lot, 25x125. with cottage. East
Oakland; high basement; cement sidewalks;
everything first-class; on direct car line; for
rooming-house S. F.; value $2000. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
smith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES. *
If you wish to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher 6hop. delicatessen, branch
bakeYy. cigar stand, saloon, or business of
any kind, do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what vou have to 6ell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St..
rooms 418-419. telephone Folsom 346S.
STAGE line for sale; 10 stage horses, 2 9-pas-
senger stages, 3-room house and lot and
Ftage barn; change barn. 160 acres of land;
wish to retire from business; good paying;
at a bargain. Address bort 3950, Call offlce.
OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop, well
equipped with tools and machinery, doing |
good business; good location: fine, chance for
live man. Apply 1192 Folsom st.
CKJAR stand for sale, cheap; owner sick;
must sell; make offer. Call 21!) Mason at.
MAN hein manage light business: $75 mo.;
little money required. Call 1118 Market, r. 1.
A WELL-ESTABLISHED winery for sale, or
will take a partner. Box .'5932, Call offlce.
WANTED — A pair of goats trained to harness.
Apply at Fischer's Theater.
$35<Ki CASH— Western agoncy for a staple line;
well established ; will turn over Territorial
contracts and stock; great future absolutely
assured. Address box 1290, Call office, Oak-
land.
$500 — RELIABLE man, willing to work, can
purchase interest in cstab. mfg. buelness; le-
Kltimate, paying proposition; bear closest In-
i vfstigatlon; can clear $100 mo. 247 Fifth st
HOTEL with bar. attached for sale in a eoun-
¦ try town: a good point for travel; have run
the house for 0 years. Address for particu-
lars, box 1949, Call offlce.
ENERGETIC business man to travel; will pay
$100 per menth and expenses to right party;
¦ n.-nall deposit and references required. Box
3CCS. Call offlce. '
! i BANANA culture pays big profits: for particu-
lars address or call on GUATEMALA PLAN-
TATION CO. Room 224 Callaghan buIMlng.
SALOON paying three to four hundred dollars
a month; lease; price $2500: must sell at
, once; no agents. Box 12OJ, Call, Oakland.
FOR sale cheap — Branch bakery store with line
of notions and groceries. Apply FRANK &
• - MCCARTHY. Fan Leandro. Cal.
FOR sale — A grocery • store in a good live
• town, doing a good business; must sell on
account of sickness. Address A. B. C. box
2S98. Call offlce.
MEAT market averaging $50 business i-er I'ay;
trade and location best possible: owne- out
of h'alth. "Address G., 2106 FiltMnih st.
t PARTNER wanted in employment *>f flee. Ad-
. v dress box 3947. Call.
• 8ALOON: 7 years' lease; well located; reason-
able. Apply 251 Fell st: no agents..
. O'FARRELL. 404— PART of store to let.
FOB sale — Dental offlce. Market St.; low rent;
, estab. practice. P. E. W.. box 3069. Call.
RESTAURANT for sale, cheap! 521 Montgom-
ery.st '. ¦ . • .¦¦¦'.
I LARGE corner saloon for sale; newly fixed
up; cheap; make offer. Box 2904, Call offlce.
EMPLOYMEWT gAKTEP-FEMALE, j
A — AMERICAN woman, has child, good cook, j
wants work, country. 324 Mason st ; phone I
Black 2306.
A — CHILD'S nurse, ycung and experienced,
wants a position. . 324 Mason; phone Black j
2396.
A — GOOD ranch cook wants cooking for men,
country. 324 Mason St.; phone Black 239«.
A— BOOKKEEPER, cashier; younjj lady: ex-
pert accountant; thoroughly, experienced in
office" work: quick, accurate; competent to
take full charge; Al references. Box 293tf.
Call offlce.
COOK— German; first class In all branches
American, French and German cooking; at-
tends to kitchen department only; reference*.
743 Kddy st.
SCOTCH girl wishes position as second girl or
waitress. Addre&s 4(JS Duboce ave., near
• Fillmore st.
RELIABLE Canadian woman wishes cooking
and housework in small family. 1238 Mis-
sion st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, at home or by th«
d>y. 407 Van Ness ave.: phone Mint 1486.
WANTED— A few families' washing to take
home. Card, or Inquire. 2819 Baker st.
COMPETENT girl wishes position in city or
country. Call ."J10 Minna st.
1 SITUATION at sscond work or upstairs work.
Please call at 1001) Clay st.
FRENCH woman, middle aged, very good
* cook; long experience, from Paris, and good i
references; wishes position In city. Address 1
MME. SALLIOT, 605 Broadway. j
AMERICAN woman, elderly, (neat, reliable
cook, fond of children, capable entire work
of small family, wishes work; wages $12.
232B Minna St.
COOK — German: first class In all branches
American. French and German cooking: at-
tends to kitchen deportment only; references;
call Monday. 743 Eddy st.
A YOUNG lady would to train as nurue
in soma hospital or sanitarium; has ha'l
some'experience; good reference. Box 3057.
Call offlce.
COMPETENT woman wants laundry .work for
Wednesday and Friday: $1 60 per day. Ad-
dress MRS. MOONS. 3384 Twentieth st.
YOUNG German woman with child 4 years old
would like chamber work in hotel or lodging
house. Address box 2902. Call offlce.
NEAT, reliable girl wishes general house-
work in a small family; wages ?25; carfare
expected. Address 33A Silver st.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper or to cook for small camp. Call or
address 905 Folsom st.
YOUNG widow with a child wishes position
as working housekeeper; city preferred;
wages no object. 830 Mission st.
A RELIABLE young woman would like a po-
sition as ladies' maid in or out the city; or
to do mending by the day. Box 3903, Call.
A STRONG woman wishes work by the day;
washing, sweeping or duetlng, for Mondays
and Thursdays. Call 157 Ninth st.
A REFINED young German lady desires a
Df sit Ion as companion or housekeeper with
elderly lady. Bex 3055, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED widow desires position as
general manager tn widower's family. Box
3005, Call offlce.
A WOMAN would like washing and ironing
or cleaning to do by the day. Call or ad-
dress Laundress, 95S Mission et.
A SITUATION as seamstress by an American
woman. Box 2S90, Call offlce.
SITUATION as nursegirl. Box 3054, Call.
SITUATION as nurse. Box 3053, Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER wants half-day position.
Box 3052, Call offlce.
WANTED— A position as lady's maldiin city.
567 Bryant st. ;
A WOMAN wishes situation, housework. Ap-
ply 432 Minna st. .
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day;
$1 50 and car fare; no postals. 243 Tehama.
WANTED — Position in country hotel to do up-
stairs work. 219A Mason St.. S. F.. Cal.
VIENNA ccok wishes position. Address 119
Fourth »t.
JEWISH girl wishes position as flrst-class
cook in Jewish family. Addrefs 22S Seventh.
RELIABLE refined woman wishes position as
housekeeper. Box 3064. Call office^
A YOUNG Klrl wishes position; care for chil-
dren. Address box 3063. Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTEP— MALE.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife, flrst-class
couple, want positions on some farm. Can
be seen at J.F.CROSETT & CO..334 Sutter St.
COMPETENT and experienced stenographer,
bookkeeper and collector desires position
where he can advance: best of references.
Box 3046. Call offlce. I
"WANTED — Situation as salesman In heavy
hardware or implement house: best of refer-
ences. • Address box 3059, Call office, lClS
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
YOUNG man wishes" something to do before
and alter school in exchange for board oi
board and room. Box 1574, 1008 Market st.
AN experienced assayer wants position. Box
391.", Call offlce. . ,: ,.-
POSITION wanted as collector; can furnish
bonds, horse and bugey. Box 3940, Call. '
BAKER wantF slnzle-hand country Job; can
make some small Eoods, too. Box 3929, Call.
CARPENTER— Good bench hand, wants work:
$3 day for steady work. Address box 3952, Call
WANTED — Steady cnorework or any ¦ good
small. count,rv farm place of trust, kind
¦ people only, by young, competent, reliable.
New York State American, wllllnr man;
34j best Habits: references; no teamster; can
milk: reasonable wages. Address P. J. F..
box 3034. Call.
WANTED — Position as traveling salesman;
thoroughly experienced; best of city refer-
ences; bond if required; wages not less than
$100 per month and expenses. Address box
3047. Call offlce.
THOROUGHLY experienced offlce man wishes
position as traveling salesman; wages ex-
pected : best of references. Address box 290O,
Call offlce.
COMPETENT young stenographer and type-
writer, having ever three years' experience,
11 wants a position In that capacity; refer-
'"enceb. Box 3040. Call offlce.
STEADY, reliable, married man desires em-
ployment of any kind; handy with tools and
a good driver. Address or call 1228B Hamp-
shire St., upstairs.
RELIABLE, sober German desires position;
all-around kitchen general work; handy,
useful, obliging; vicinity city or country.
Box 2903. Call efflce.
EXPERIENCED all-around man wants posi-
tion in wholesale liquor house; thoroughly
understands cellar work and horses; 5 years
last place. Box 2S83, Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, knowledge I
of bookkeeping, wants position 1 ; $10 a week.
Box 3911. Call offlce.
COMPETENT, reliable middle-aged man seeks
position as barkeeper or grocery clerk;. best
of local reference. Box 3936. Call offlce.
YOUNG man, well acquainted in city, owns
horse and light wagon, wishes' position to
deliver or light hauling. Box 2914. Call.
WANTED — By a young colored man Janltor-
«hlp or steady work of. any description.
1607 A Jones st. ,.
POSITION wanted as timekeeper: experience
iwith R.R. and other grading work. Address i
box 2020. Call offlce. ,
STRONG, sober man would like laboring work
• of any kind by the day: wages $2 25 a day.
Box 3066, i Call offlce.
A STRONG country boy of 17. attending school,
wishes to : work for board or its equivalent.
M. P. KEYSER. 3396 Twentieth Bt., S. F.
YOUNG man wants position as night watch-
man. > hotel or any dace of trust, or will
i take care of private place. Box 3076. Call.
CARPENTER, thoroughly experienced, good ¦
workman, and bench hand, wants work; $3
per day. Box- 3907, Call.
SITUATION wanted as caretaker or watch-
man; do repairing: also electrician. Address
box 3060, Call offlce. " : .-
DENTIST would like to hear of a good open-
Ing. Address box- 3056, Call offlce.
AN experienced accountant desires evening em-
ployment. Address E. .B., box 3051, Call.
SOBER, reliable man wants situation as night
clerk or watchman. Box 304S, Call offlce.
EMPLOYMEKT "WAWTED — Male — Con.
A BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job. 3138
Pierce st.
POSITION to take charge of institution laun-
dry. H. J. W., 314 Seventh st.
WANTED — Position as salesman. Apply ROB-
ERT CHRISTIE. 30 Post St. _
POSITION wanted as wrapper. Box 2S66,
Call office.
GROCERY clerk, young man. would like po-
sition in corner grocery; references. Box
2S7U. Call offlce.
FIRST class painter wants position. 656
* Minna st. %
NEW YORK footman wishes position. Box
S0S6. Call offlce.
CHINESE ccok wishes a situation in a private
family. C. YEW, 803 Clay st.
JAPANESE couple want places; man as cook,
wlf» waiter and housework: i;ave references.
ll'Ofi San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
YOUNG Jananese wants position in store to
learn business, or any other sood losition to
work; speaks and writes good Erslish. Ap-
ply to LOUIS OGATA, the Imperial Hotel.
6C6 Stockton St.. S. F.
A JAPANESE well educated boy wants a po-
sition as waiter on table, either family or
bcarding-house: has long experience; best of
references. G. P., 711 Taylor st. |
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position In small I
family; references. H. YAMAOUCHI. 1547
Spruce st.. Berkeley.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy in the country. Apply 810 Bush st.. S.F.
JAPANESE artist wishes position in printing
company. M. MANGO, 725 Geary st.
JAPANESE, good experienced cook, wishes
position. DUN. 121 Halght ct.
FLATS TO LET.
AA A— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT!
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a lift and help you to find**
a place; we never fail: terrtca free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
lOSO MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It v.-iil save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259
Geary St.. on the square.
NINETEENTH and Noe. ii.W. corner: the
warm belt of the Mission; block from Castro
or Eighteenth street cars — S lovely sunny
upper and lower 4 and 3 rcom flats: every
modern convenience: storerooms ready by
Aug. 13: rents from $20 to $27 50; water free.
CASTRO. 421. near 17th — Sunny belt; modern
upper French swnny 11 rooms; balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 /amllles; $40; stable.
N. LAKE St.. bet. 3th and 6th aves.; Eddy-st.
electric line passes; very desirable new flat*
for very moderate rents.
GREEN, 2132, near Webster — New modern up-
per lO-room flat; unobstructible marine view;
lent $75; convenient to all car lines.
NOE, 1050, corner Elizabeth — New 5-room flat;
modern improvements; convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro street cars; rent reasonable
BUSH. 1417, between Polk st. and Van Ness
ave. — 6 rooms, bath, yard, basement.
BUSH. 2353-5. near Devlsadero — Upper and
lower flats. 5 rccir.s, batb each; $25.
CAPP. 10-S6 — New sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath; all frescoed: rent $25.
DIAMOND. 12 — Modern, lower Cat. 5 rooms
and bath; rent $17 50.
EDDY street — New corner house, 7 rocms;
only $32 50. Apply at 121S Turk st.
FILLMORE. 1126— Modern 7 rooms; all large
and light; corner; rent $40.
HAIGHT. 712— New 7 and 8 room flats; rent
reasonable. Owner en premises.
HOWARD. 1G22 and 1634, between Twelfth
and Thirteenth — Sunny 3 and 4 room flats.
LAKE. 742. near Ninth ave. — New French flat.
6 rooms; rent $25; marine view.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAO. 11« Montsomery st.
NEW flats: 5 rooms; reception hall; artistically
decorated: $22 50. B et. and 4th av.. nr.Park.
NOE, 122 and 122A, near Fourteenth — Sunny
5 and C room new flats.
PACIFIC ave., 2405, near Flllmore — Lower
flat. 6 rooms; sun in every room; garden.
SUNNY corner upper Cat. modern, 5 room*.
bath, yard; $20. S.W. cor. Geary and Wood.
$25—6 MODERN, sunny rooms; flne view; no
carfare. Leroy pi., off Sacramento and Jones.
FLATS TO LET— PTfBglSUXg.
UNION. 1500.. corner Van Ness ave. — Furnished
flat. 6 rooms; all outside and sunny. Call 10-4.
FLATS FOB SALE — FTTSNISHED.
1 $200 — BARGAIN; furniture 6-room flat, com-
plete; central location: rent $30; or will rent
furnished $50. 6Ji5 Sutter st., 1 to 6 p. m. ;
ro agents.
FURNITURE of 6-rcom flat for sale; flat to
let. Call between 2 and 5 p. m. at 1132
Golden Gate ave.
CHEAP — 9 rooms; flne furniture: must be sold
Mon. and Tues. : separate pieces; call 10 to 3
only. t>42 Waller st., near Pierce.
FURNISHED 6-room flat for sale; nicely fur-
nished: rent only $25. Box 1906, Call offlce.
O'FARRELL. 12C4— Elegant carpets of 8-
room flat; reasonable.
FINANCIAL.
$10,C00 CASH to invest in income property; will
buy in parcels of not les>s than $1000 or all In
one parcel. Box 3004, Call office.
FTTBUITDTtE FOB SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
•lown and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 340 Post St., near Powell.
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house: low prices.
FOR sale— Upright folding-bed, with beveled
French plate glass mirror. Box 1U73. Call.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger, 439 Valencia, nr.16th.Tel.Ch.urch 3879.
FXTBKITOBE WAJTTEP.
Salesroom, 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlce »ur-
niture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. pay highest price for fur-
nlture. carpets, etg. 7S2 Mission :tel. Bush 813.
HELP WANTED — FZXALS.
CALIFORNl7\^MPLOYMENT OFFICE^
259 Turk st Tel. Jessie 1226.
Girl for general housework. Mill Valley; Ger-
. man preferred: $25; three in family.
Girl, general housework. Berkeley. $20-$23.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
259 Turk st 259 Turk st.
Female help of all nationalities furnished on
Telephone Jessie 1226.
WANTED—
Cashier, bookkeeper and stenographer, hotel,
7 days, $45 to start.
Cloak saleslady, good salary.
Girls, housework. Alameda and West Berke-
• ley.
' Polite lady in attendance at this offlce.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYE'S RECORD CO..
."I 609 Hearst Building.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taugbt from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now:
three positions to fill Immediately; < positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
I school in West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
lr. one 'month for $15; positions as trimmers,
( salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk.up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. IS.
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5 2
wks.; day, eve. class; positions secured; hlgnest
wages. Removed from 1238 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WANTED— Strong girl to help with work of
flat In exchange for nice home, good treat-
ment and $j a month. Address box S92S.
Call offlce.
STEADY girl, for ur.stairs work and sewing-
references; wages $20. Call mornings at 1800
Golilen Gate ave.
A YOUNG girl for cooking and downstairs
work: $23. 333G Clay st.
GIRL wanted to assist In housework: every
Sunday off; wages $15. 1116 Ellis st.
GIRL for general housework; no cooking; $20
330 Third st.
BUSIITESB CHANCES — Continued.
$300— PARTNER in light business; chance for j
right man; must be sober and reliable.
BERG & ARMSTRONG, 318 Kearny at.
$1000— Saloon, nr.Market: lease year and a half
to run. Berg & Armstrong, 318 Kearny St.
$750— Restaurant, north Market, nr. Kearny;
rent $60;barg. Berg & Armstrong,31S Kearny
FOR sale— An old-established stationery and
periodical business, with a long lease. Apply
to E. 11AUER, S. F. News Co.
WOOD and coal yard In Berkeley for sale;
reasonable. Box 2293. Call offlce.
FOR sale^ — Coal and wood yard in the Mission;
good trade. Box 1995, Call offlce.
GROCERY and bar for sale In good location
In North Beach; investigate. Box 2263. Call.
i A BRANCH office for The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market rt.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ;
tO^a^O^-H^rjJE^JEXKB^AXE;^^
i A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomintj-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Bus/ness Chances.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modem house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of |
lifetime to get flrst-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for turope to
eettle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us. •
18 rooms; rent $63; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price; 5800.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial, house
in city: clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
8-room flat; rent $45; close in: oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure; price $400.
f>0-room, new. modern - and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly
| equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appolnt-
! ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
28 rooms; elegant fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
5 rooms and closets; East st.; rent only $1S;
good furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; .snap at $350.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
• 180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $t>00 per month;
close In; full of nice people: bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In flne shape; flne little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; haa fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired: rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business
interests demand Immediate departure.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10, years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $600/ at bargain If. sold at once; $300.
45 rooms: rent only $125: flrst-class location;
well furnished and good running order: clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full: best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: ftne
downtown location: 2 entrances; everything in
flrst-clays condition: good furniture and car-
pets: clearing now $200 per month: if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here Is
best proposition in city; price $3200.
12S rooms: cheap rent; long lease: flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing. $500 to $000 per month; must sell on
account of other buelness; only with us.
105 rooms: cheap rent: flrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
12<5 rooms: .rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date hcuse; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
31 ROOMS, 19 of which are newly furnished;
. centrally located; great bargain at $1250;
part cash: long lease. MARION GRIFFIN.
9-ROOM flat; modern; elegantly furnished for
private home: will sell at sacrifice on very
easy terms, or rent as a whole for $80 per
month. MARION GRIFFIN.
11 ROOMS; almost new furniture; clean as a
pin; desirably located: all goes at the ridicu-
lously low price of $400. MARION GRIFFIN.
15 ROOMS on Van Ness ave.: beautifully fur-
nished; clears $60; only $1000. Marion Grlffln.
15 ROOMS; O'Farrell St.; excellent home; well
furnished; reduced from $1200 to $900. Griffin.
105-ROOM apartment-house; one of San Fran-
cisco's most profitable investments, and one
which will bear the most rigid investigation;
furnished with excellent Judgment; guaran-
teed to clear now over $250 mo. — the dull
season; long lease at less than $5 per room.
MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Examiner building.
A— 140 ROOMS; flrst-class hotel with bar; will
positively clear over $1000 per month; noth-
ing In San Francisco outside of the St. Fran-
cis HcJtel will equal it in point of furnish-
ings; every room an outside room; steam
heatPd'and every known modern convenience;
IT you are looking for one of the city's best
business opportunities on easy terms: get full
particulars from MARION GRIFFIN.
BEAUTIFULLY .furnished apartment-house of
70. rooms; low rent, long lease; the best of
locations; brand new, modern; up to date in
all respects. Exclusively for sale by MARION
GRIFFIN.
34 ROOMS; Sutter st. ; corner house: always
. full of steady roomers; clearing $175 per
month. This is worthy your investigation.
Installments. MARION GRIFFIN, room 406
Kxaminer building, S. F.
H. C. DECKER. Established In 1877
906 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING HOUSES.
36 rooms; downtown; reduced to $1,100
» room*; flne piano; on Sutter st 400
17 rooms; on Fourth St.; a bargain 1,200
38 rooms; on Market st..... 3.000
40 rooms; reduced from $.1500 to 2,200
15 rooms: clears $100 1.250
I Houses, large and small, from $50 to 20,00()
Flct, S rooms and bath 600
Lo<lKing-houj>e, 30 rooms 1,100
Lodging-house, 54 rooms 5,000
Lodging-house, 40 rooms. ....2,200'
Rooming-house, -20 rooms... ' 2,500
Rooming-houw. 11 rooms 350
. 11 rooms; pood plar.o: on Sutter st 400
16 rooms; flne corner 000
24*Vooms; transient 2,300
TWENTY HOUSES TO EXCHANGE,
'H. C. DECKKR, 006 Market St., cor. Stockton.
MITCHELL & CO..
( 1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 2981.
; Rooming-houses, hotels and flats; will- sell
any house; part cash; balance easy payments.
45-r. transient: lease: rent $205: clears" $175.
! tl r.; r»nt $55; downtown; for $450.
! • 14 r.; rent $240; modern apartments; Al.
• 105-r. apartment: rent $5 room: full.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
j FOR i»ale — Lodging-house. 30 rooms; rent SOS;
c clears $90 per month; price $1000. • Address
; box 2287, Call office;.
' $550— NICELY furnished house, 10 rooms. In-
quire at 0 Harlnn place, oft. Grant ave.
• FIRST class 21-room lodging-house. -Inquire
at grocery Ftore. 1030 Folsom st. . , , • . t
MISSION. 838 — House of 10 rooms and base-
ment; all rented: $525: investigate this.-
' COTTAOES FOR SAIE.
• FIVE-ROOM cottage; barn.frult, flowers; Key
route; cheap for cash.'. Box 2910, Call offlce.
I FOR sale— Cottage, C rooms and batb. Inquire
at S3 Cumberland st.
SglglTXTAUSM. '__.,
MME.. YOUNG'S- test circle to-night, 10c; 619
McAllister: read, daily, 1720 Sacto, nr.V.N.
DEAD-TRANCE medium; names, bus., min'g;
clrc. Tues.. Thur.. Sat.. 3 pm. 325 E11U. front.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance . every
night except Saturday; 10c. 14S Sixth st.
LENHART KOTTER, materializing seance to-
night.at 8 o'clock. 1C52 Ellis st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 120C Market St.. Gait House.
oi.AiBVO'gAirrs.
AA— CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
m'ake no charge if I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or faise, whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell every hope.
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining speculation: I implant the
controlling power In your nature so you cau
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. ; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell St.. 328.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at IT Third St.. next Examiner •
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
eult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar- j
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569. j
THE Prophet of the Nine, teach-rs and demon-
strates occultism, develops your forces, aids
you by secret influence, goes Into your life
completely. An astral life r^adinz will guid*.
you to success. ."!6S Geary st. Afternoon and
evenings This wonderful man delivers free
lecture Sunday. Gclden Gate HaU. \v«st par-
lor. S p. m.
A — Miss M. V.'ille, SZO Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names. given: special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus and financial success; name?;
L.. SOc; O.. $1. 711 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, llOi
Market St.. San Francisco. Offlce hours— 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phor^e South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant.card
reader: when others fail try me;srood readings
25c. 72} Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vlce; names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis st. ;
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladles 25c,
gcntR 50c. 645^ Minna st^ ¦
MME. WALTERS, ereat card reader: la. 25c,
gents 50c. f-51 Mist-ion St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. FLORENCE, card reader and palmist,
prices reasonable; hours 10-9. 713 California.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts: readings dally. 017 Market, room 10.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. I" now at 317 Kills ft.
ABPETJBE i ATIKQ ANE^CIJE AITCWQ^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process, uni-
versally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.,
208 Market: phones Main 132 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-claes
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Misslcn 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet -Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard :tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating wcrks: prices
reasonable. 1703 HarrlEon st. ; tel. Mission 263.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CI.OTHI1TO KEWOVATIITQ. ,-
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1: scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 SO; fillings. 50c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 21 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made o\ - er like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
DR KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building. 1095 Market St.. room 203; all flrst-
class dentistry at low prices.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.2O4 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. f2 uo: fillings, 25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon -dentlst.r.l 4,1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Misslon.cor. 6th.
DEESSMAKEBSANDSEAMSTKESSES.
ACADEMY dressmaking and millinery, 428
• Sutter; new school of the new systems; call
and Investigate how you can make your own
gowns in elegant fashion.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class, 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
EDUCATlONAXi.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June I we
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course,
$5 a month; life scholarship, $30. Day,
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory,
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs.. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
morn performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
HINMAN'S School of Dancing. 1412 Polk st..
bet. Pine and California, and branch school,
cor. Howard and 21st — Adult classes are now
open; children's class will open Sat.. Aug. 13.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln., mech. .sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School," 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m.. 333 i
¦ Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng., math., etc.: day and
eve.; Individual -instr. 305 Larkin St., Prof.
T. A. Robi«ison, formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
' A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
iave.: positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
6CHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION-: Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine «t. — Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
individual instruc: all branches: day, eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt.. cora-
plete course. 6 mo. $30. eve. $4 mo.: private.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave.. ;S. F. : 75-page catalog on request.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
,___ EMPiOVMEWT^ J)PPICES.
A— JAPANESEfand Chinese employment offlc*
supplies best help promptly; cltyor country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
t, .Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel.' Main 5752.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. '.'NATIONAL." 609 Hearst bid.
! JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton;
; best help/ Frltx Tamagaki. nigr.;teI.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188..
i CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
J Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
WAHTED — gEMAXJB— . Coa.
WANTED— Two nurses. $23 and ~Kf>- hxt.4
waitress, country hot-1. $35. and 2 s!,le .IT.
resses. same place. $25 each; girl f, r h^l'.
work. German style cooking. $35; first-c'al.
cook, no washing. $03; general housework '
Alameda. j:;0; seamstress and ma;,i fSr
Protestant chambermaid and seamstr-ai *«v
4 chambermal-Js and waitre?s^9. $2T> and $i!;0 :
parlor maid and waitress. Mcnlo Park S30-'
4 gecnd girls. $:."> and $2.'; chambermaid*'
fhst-clasa hotel. $20. and a great mary V^m
for city and country at $25 and ?"0 \ O ni»
to J. K. CKOSETT. XM Sutter at. * l W
WOMEN and girls to work on frnlt: eJaan.
healthy place: positively higher wages paid
than at any ether cannery. Code-Portwood
Canning Co.. Tenth and Bryant ata.
WANTED — Immediately: women sad gtrts.
preparing fruit and canning. Apply Cali-
fornia Canreries Co.. Biannan st. between
Third and Fourth. ' °« lwe « a
A GIRL for downstairs work tr.3 cockl"*
Apply 0 to 12, 1230 Ellis st. <*»««*•
GIRL for housework and plain cook:-.* l'so
O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on eoats. 1103 Market
street.
GIRL for housework: plain cookie*; thr&t la
family. 2330 Filbert st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; cotxaza;
wage* $20. 17C5 Baker st.
GOOD hands en vests who can also naks J
buttonholes. Ml^ Stevenson st. N
A NEAT girl for general housework. 270fl
Sacramento st.
WAIST hands wanted. 1407 Laguna st.
AN ambitious woman, capable cf advancing
to • position ol importance with local house.
Box 291.:. Call office.
WANTED — Flrst-clas* millinery trimmer. Ap-
ply between f> and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS. 1
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m.. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALK BRO3. "
EXPERIENCED operators on gents" wiilts
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 533 Valencia at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlre.cor. Duncan and Church st».
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of adverttssments and subscription* has b«ei»
opened at UOs Market St.. opposits FifUs.
Open until 11 p. tn.
HELP WAITTED--MAI.S.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S Employ. Agency.
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
All-around baker and paatry cook, first-
class hotel, free fare $70-73
Second cook, country hotel S30
Vegetable cook, make waffles, country ho-
tel $45
Broiler, country hotel $ir>
Chef, flrst-clasa hotel $75
Ccok for hay press, country $35
Porter for wholesale grocery ....$10 ¦week
10 dishwashers, city $25-$".O
Porters, elevator boys $15-$30
Tool dresser for oil wells, party her*. $2 30 fd
FOR HUMBOLDT CO.— NEW TUNNEL.
Headermen. cornermen, muckers ....12 75-$2
10 laborers, pipe line, south }2 23
Teamsters. Southern California $2
Lumber piler*. Shasta County $2
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employm't Agents.
429 Bush st. «42 Clay »t.
GARDENER. $.05 and found; cJerk for station-^
ery store, $10 week and Increase; fanner and
wife. $50 and found; Jobbing blacksmith an<S
fhcer. $3 day; choreman and milker, $30 and
found: 2 woedchoppers for mine. $1 80 cord;
harness -maker. $2 50 day: laborers. $2 and
$2 25 a day. and others. J. F. CROSBTT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
COOK and wife. $S0 and $30 and found: hotel
cock, country. $C0 and found; cook and
. helper. $60 and fcund: waiters, bedmaktrs
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. «23
Sacramento «t.
WANTED — Neat young man for stationery
store: $10 a week and increase: references.
Apply to J.F. CROSETT & CO.,334 Sutter st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
Phone Main 1131. 633 Commercial it.
& wagon teamsters, near city. $2 25 day.
long Job, call early on this: 10 laborers, log-
ging, railroad. $60: 15 laborers. $2 day. work
in sawmill yards: 10 laborers. $60, board
anywhere: 10 lumber pliers, $2 day: 2 log
cutters, $2 25 day; 4 laborers, same place.
$2 25 day; boys and yeur.g men, box factory.
$30 found: blacksmith's helper, $2 25; South-
ern California teamsters, $60, ihlp to-night.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial st.. near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833 — JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
Lumber company's R. R. . 5 section men en
ccast, $35 found; 4 lumber pliers, $40 found;
fi laborers. R. R., in woods, $2; second conk.
$40 found; choreman, $30 found: 5 farmers
and milkers; 20 laborers, big pipe line, $2 25
to $2 50; S laborers, that's you, part free
fare. ?45 found.
WANTED — Bookkeeper to assist exr>«rt ac-
• countant. $90: ledger clerk, monthly trial
balance. $Pj; floor walker, out of city. $100;
presser en suits, good salary; salesman.
wholesale grocery, acquainted with retail
trad*, references required; 10 good boys, aged
1« to IS. St to $<*.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
500 Hearst Building.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st.
Laborers. $2; fare 10c.
This Is a good job: hoard $4 50.
Bench hand, city. $3 50: cabinet makers.
Bench hands, countiy. $•" 5rt; cabinet makers.
Stablemen, city. ?15 and found.
Laborers for pipe line. $2 25; fare $3 C5.
WANTED — Salesmen, solicitors, salary and
commission: store man; men for private
place- waiters and others. SELECT EM-
PLOYMENT BUREAU. 1T.31 Market st.
Contractors and employers of labor throughout
the ?tate to communicate with Independent
Employment Agency. 012 Merchant St.. 8. F.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery st..r.l2
— Head waiter, country hotel. $C5.
WANTED for Berkeley — Up-to-dat* candy-
maker for retail store; principally counter
goods: state referenrer and wages wanted. J
Address box 22. Call offlce. Berkeley^
INDUSTRIOUS German: tending bar; wine-
house; state references. Box 3930. Call.
WANTED — Flrst-class harkee^r: best refer-
ences. Apply Palace of Art. 18 Post St.
STEADY man to learn easy trade; Inside work
year round. 310?-j Folsom St.. upstairs.
WANTED— Strong young man to carry papers
for The Call. Apply at office. f
WAGON blacksmith wanted. 537 Brannan st.
WANTED — Strong young man at coal yard.
2500 Clay st. _
BARBER shop, 2 chairs, with 2 furalshel
rooms, for sale cheap: good location. 3U2
Dolores st.
BARBER, with a few months' experience.
can buy or run a shop. Apply Call offlce.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop; no reasonable offer
refused. IC9O Valencia st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1CC« .Mission St.. ra
barber shop. _
SNAP— Barber shep, two cha!r»: K» Iljln«
rooms; $63; sickness. Box 3071. Call offlce.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: constant, practice and expert In-
struction: positions secured: special Induce-
ments this month: catalr-gue mailed rre«-
Moler Systrtti College. g35 Clay «t.
ELDERLY man, sober, good habits, able to
care for small summer resort during winter
and sprlnsr; small wages: good hor.ie. Aa-
drefs Koprlns Springs. P.O. Bartlett Spr.
WANTED— Dentist: good crown and bridg*
workman antl good extracter; can aiao us»
good plate workman. Schiffman Dental to.,
Los Angeles. Cal. .
WANTED— An experienced solicitor for »
leading business college: r ,^f r , e "^ s **T
changed. Address D. O. WRIGHT, room
. 406. Call building. S. F.
WANTED— Machine hand who understands
bandsaw and shaper and who can get out
sash doors and frames. Suter-Hevener Milt
and Mfg. Cc. Sacramento. .
WANTED— Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of encyclopedia work; salary $lC<v>
per year with additional bonus: flrst-class 3
references required. Box 3029. Call offlce.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Houae proprietor. ha«
added 10O new rooms to th« Denver HcU9 ?«
217 Third st.: 250 rooms: 25c to SOc per nlgnt.
WANTED— Man and women t» P^J* 1 *. *? r
Gorernment positions. Apply for «re« cata-
logue gluing P-rtlctilars. Padflc Cxjrwjpcn^-
enc« Institute. Grant bid*.. 1083 Maxfcet st.
A LITTLE WANT OTVeRTISEriENT PLACED IN THESE-...¦. • . ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, > TUESDAY, AUGUST 0, 1904.
11
REAL ESTATE— CITY— POB SALZ^
JJ35C0 — RENTS J3S4 a year; Buchanan and
Fulton sts; 2 elegant modern flats, 5 rooms
and bath each; positively the cheapest
property In the neighboorhood; this ele-
gant investment must ba sold this week
and a mortgage of $2500 can remain; in-
spect this snap at once; 25 foot frontage.
GANCO. GUNZ & CO.
?2.V) DOWN. bal. $20 per mo.. ccttae«\ 5 r.
and b. : Army st., near Church: $2250.
Hullding lots In th»> Mission on easy terms;
send for our circular.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
*S0CO — A FINE residence in Western- Addition;
8 rooma and bath, laundry, fine garden; lot
23x137:6; must be sold: offer wanted. Apply
2022 Pine et. F. HOLTUN. tk
BEA1 ESTATE— COUKTBY — Por Sale.
AT a barealn ! — A fin* chicken ranch of 20
acres, situated in the heart of a thriving city
of 7000 inhabitants; water ditch on the
place; will fell for part cash, or exchange
for city property. Apply to 616 Sacramento
street.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.
64S Market »t ,
MEITI.0 PABg BEAI. ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last of this property left; % cash.
Menlo Park — A fln« country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent trees; well
built, old-fashioned house In good condition;
for sale at a bargain; IS acres, all improved.
Fair Oaks — Land In best part of this dis-
trict: well sheltered and wooded: In tracts of
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to those
building immediately
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Telephone Main 673. 116 California «t-
. SAN MATEO ESAX. ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electric
cars; 45 minutes from 6tb and Market; sewer
and water pipes to each lot; electric, lights.
etc.: SO- foot lots from $325 to (400; terms.
S10 down and $10 a month; get off at "Lomlta
Park" and Investigate; maps sent on appli-
cation.
BELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main C73. ' 116 California gt.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'M'TS
ALAMEDA BEAL ESTATE.
8-ROCM modern cottage; cor. Pacific ave. and
Benton et. ; $1000 less than its value. Apply
DR. HALPRUNER, 23 Cal. St.. city.2-5 p.m.
IF you want to build, buy or sell property
call on or address J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park
st.. Alameda. y
FEUITYALE ADVERT ? S'TS
rBOTTYAXI! BEAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— 52750; it cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
FBUITVALE HOUSES TO LET.
FRUITVALI3 — Acre of land In fruit; house;
barn; 1 hour's ride from S.F., 1228 Jackson. SF
OAKLAND ADVERTS'^TTS
O" VICE, 1O1G BROADWAY.
OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
WATCH THIS PROPERTY— A BARGAIN.
On August l5t I had sold every piece of
properly In my hands for eale except a house
and lot on the corner of Telegraph ave. and
59th St.. in Oakland, Cal.: house, 2 story,
¦with 9 rooms; lot, 135 feet on Telegraph live.,
by 100 feet on 59th St., extending back to
Bushrod Park: this park belongs to the city
and win be Improved next summer and double
the value of this property; there Is a large
• open space on the Telegraph ave. side which
will always remain op*n-; If the lots are
made to front on this open space they are
worth all the whole property can be bought
for; sickness and old age compel the owner
to sell at onoo for the best price he can get.
See the owner on the- premises, or
IRA C. JENKS,
1200 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
INVEST NOW— REMEMBER THAT OAK-
LAND 18 GROWING VERY RAPIDLY:
POP. NOW ESTIMATED OVER 10O.00O;
OUR P. O. BUS. SHOWS WONDERFUL
INCREASE: INVESTIGATE THIS IN-
VESTMENT: INCOME NEARLY 13 PER
CENT: PRICE S3500: THREE TENE-
MENTS. IN FIRST-CLASS ORDER; VERY
SUNNY; NEAR LOCAL TRAIN; OWNER
LEAVING TOWN.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
314 SAN PABLO AVE.,
OAKLAND.
$4600— REDUCED from $5500; n e w colonial
house of 7 rooms, bath, two mantels,
paneled dining-room; sideboard and china
closet built in place; open and nickel
plumbing; combination gas fixtures; lot
43 feet frontage; house can be leased for
$45 per month for three years; owner In
- St. Louis and must sell; only four blocks
from business center, postofflce and nar-
row-gauge station; best neighborhood in
Oakland, between Broadway and Lake
Merrltt. This is positively an elegant
home and a bargain.
J. S. MYERS,
1002 . Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN — $500 cash, balance $30 month:" 6
r. and b. ; laundry, pantry, electric lights;
. pas tor cooking; lot 40x140; close to Key
route station; see the place and you will
want It. Owner, S?4 Thirty-eighth st.
$650 CASH, $10 monthly; cottage of 4 rooms:
well, chicken -house, shod: 8 lots. 100x245;
all fenced: young fruit trees: ground In cul-
tivation; fine chicken ranch: lovely site;
sandy loam soil; school and electric cars near
by; neT«-*i>mM going up rlfiht along: fine ma-
rine and landscape view; no fogs nor winds
here: adjoining East Oakland; price In all
$1375; call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
. st., opposite Broadway station. Oakland. Car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, Land owner.
$4200 WILL buy a good, extra well built house
of 9 rooms ar.d. bath; 9-foot basement; lot
C>5x90, corner: on car Un?, within 5 minutes'
• walk of a local station; house not new, but
built by owner for home.
J. H. MacDONALD & CO.,
1052 BROADWAY.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$5000 — A fine new 10-room house In a fine
location In Oakland; must be sold this week on
account of mortgage. Box 12S8, Call office,
Oakland, Cal.
$2200— A SNAP; 5 rooms and bath; lot 40x150;
2 rooms finished in basement; good barn; fine
location. 11S7 E. Twenty-second st. East
Oakland.
$2000— HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath: lot 33:4x101;
tank and windmill. 101S Twenty-fourth St.,
Oakland. Cal.
$2200— ATTRACTIVE cottage. 5 r. and b.;
basement, gas, lawn, fruit trees; 40x120;
near Telegraph ave. and Key rnute. 567 36th.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED; for rent— Lakeside district; one
of the choice hontes.of Oakland; 14 rooms-
elegantly appointed: beautiful grounds; wilt
lease for one year at $150 per month, lnclucl-
' Ing services of gardener; water to be paid
by tenant; this is an unusual opportunity;
best references required.
. Apply to the E. P. VANDERCOOK CO..
1016 Broadway, ; Oakland.
FOR rent— Poultry ranch of ."> acres, situated on
College ave., midway between Oakland and
Berkeley, modern 7-room house and good
barn; reasonable rent to right parties. B. H
WELCH & CO.. Fifth ave. and Eighteenth
st.. East Oakland.
$27 50 — Choice flat of 10 rooms, laundry and
bath: corner location on 5th avenue, close to
Key route: rood location for boarders or
roomers. B. H. WELCH & CO.. Fifth ave.
i and Eighteenth St.. East Oakland.
FOR rent— Aug. 15. modern upper flat j)f R
rooms; rent $15. East Eighteenth at, near
Tenth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND BOOMS & BOAS.D WANTED
MOTHER and son wish permanent room and
board In private family. Address box 3067,
Call office.
OAKLAND riTSNITTISE FOB SALS.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
¦ tore. H. Schellbaaa.nt* st.,cor.atore.Oaklan4.
STOKAGi: A2TD CTA&E~SO1TSES.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Slorase~CoTr storage
packing, shipping; warehouse, G. O. and Van
Nesa; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
¦ household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy »t. ;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Poat and Powell ats.; tel. Prt. Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 128.
GOLDEX West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard SHI. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
_pany. ¦ 2320 Flllmore st. : phona Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. ; tel, Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
THE new retail office of the White Sewin*
Machine Co. ia now open at 015 Market
st, A great collection of beautiful art
work Is being shown, all made on the White.
This office will be the const sewing machine
headquarters.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
Is cheapest; second-hand all mak-*s at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
t'c efflce. tP21 Market St.. near Sixth
AND BOXTS9 FOB SALS.
FOR sale— 7000 shares of the capital stock~of
the Glen Cove Land and Transportation Com-
pany. Box 2S73. Call office.
DITIDESD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Co.. ConT
A divldecd. No. 68, of fifty cents (50c) p«r
•hare on the issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared, payable at the offloa
of the company, rooma 202. 204 and 2t>6 Hay-
ward bldg.. fean Francisco, on Aug. 10, 1904.
Transfer books dose Aug. 3. 1904 at noon.
R. H RENNIE. Secretary Pro Tern.
LEGAL 1TOTICES.
ANY cne having bill against HANSEN &
PARKER, saloon, at 12 Mission «t., wltl
present them for collection on or before Au-
gust 13. 1904.
PSOPOSALS^
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. Offlcs of In-
dlan Affairs. Washington. D. C. July 13.
1904.— Notico Is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of unleased segregated coal and
asphalt lands and unleased segregated coat
and asphalt deposits will be opened by ths
Commissioner of Indian Affairs at his offlcs.
In Washington, at dates as follows: For ths
purchase of tracts within the McAlester Dis-
trict (No. 1). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern
time). Monday. October 3, 1904; for tracts
In the Wilburton-Stigler District (No. 2), at
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time), Monday, De-
cember 5. 1904; for tracts In the Howe-Po-
tcau District (No. 3). at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday. February 6. 1309;
for tracts in the McCurtain-Massey District
• No. 4). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time).
Monday. April 3, 1909; for tracts In the Le-
hlgh-Ardmore District (No. 5), at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time). Monday. June 5. 1905;
and for tracts in District No. 8 (unleased
segregated asphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday. August 7, 1303.
Circulars descriptive of the lands and deposits
to be sold and copies of the regulations ot
June 17. 1904. governing the sale of the un-
leased segregated coal and asphalt land* and
unleased segregated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to this
efflce or th« United States Indian Agent.
Union Agency, Muskogee. Indian Territory.
Bid« must be on the prescribed form, which
will be found In the regulations. A certifled,
check or draft for twenty per cent cf th«
amount of ths bid must accompany ths bid.
The lands will be sold for cash, and success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit wttla
the Commissioner of Inu'jn Affairs the full
amount of their respective bid* within fifteen
days after receipt by them of notice of th*
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
der falls to comply with the terms of his bid
within the time specified the check deposited
by him as an evidence of good faith will b»
forfeited to the use of the Choctaw and
Chlckasaw nations. Tee right to reject any
or all bids Is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
will contain a clause "subject, however, to
existing rights of way for railroads." A. C.
TONNER, Acting Commlssfsaer. Depart-
ment of the Interior. Washington, D. C.
July 13. 1904. Approved. THOMAS IIYAN
Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department.
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock neon.
September 6, 1904, and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Mare Island, Cal., and Puget Sound,
Wash., as specified, a quantity of Incandes-
cent lamps. carbons, electrical supplies,
bolts and nuts, tinned rivets, stove bolts, cop-
per , rivet3 and washers. deck scrubbing
brushes, paint brushes, steel wire brushes.
Portland cement, broken stone, sand, red
brick. Iron nails, copper nails, screws, buck-
ets, wrought-lron chain, locka. wheel and
drag scrapers, cast-Iron sheaves, worm-gear
hoists, taps, screw plates. miscellaneous
hardware and hand tools, rigging leather,
leather belting, flr. Oregon pine, redwood
plank and poles, cedar shingles, pig Iron,
tkheet lead, galvanized sheet steel, structural
steel work, glue, rosin, etc., dog fish oil,
pitch. Iron pipe and fittings, gate valves,
condenser tubes. t*rra cotta sewer pipe, wa-
ter meters and fittings, blank books, miscel-
laneous stationery, blueprint paper and cloth,
mattress binding, emery cloth, garnet paper,
cotton waste, and dump cars. Blank pro-
posals ¦will be furnished upon application to
the navy pay office* San Francisco. Cal.,
and Seattle. Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS. Pay-
master General U. 9. N. 7-23-04
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Office
Purchasing Commissary. *San Francisco, Cal.,
Aug. 8, 1:104.— Sealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering of such quantities of sub*
slstence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco. Cal-. as per circular to be seen at
this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock Friday. Aug. 19. 1904. and opened
Immediately thereafter In presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general Instructions to
bidders and blank forms of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appll-
catlnn to C R. KRAUTHOFF. MaJ. Com y.
_2 VIA VI.
A WAY to health— Mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for It.
VIA VI CO . 2304 Van Ness: phone East 2S2.
Airo STA-ang-B-anro.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness and Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. S. : private; establ!«hed 3
years In S. F. Tel. Mint 2C26 from I to 5 pra.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* were issued
yesterday :
William F. Plplno. 24. Point Richmond, ar.d
Mt-riam Hirschfeld. 20. 623 Dev!»adero street.
Manuel Pardo, 37. 527 'A Union street, and
Dolores G. D'Alslna. 38. 527 ""i Union street.
Ferdinand A. Klesal, 21. Fruitvale. andf So-
phie Stroetgen, 21, 164 Douglass street.
John Mirk. 49. 363 Connecticut street, and
Jessie McKay. 36. city.
John E Strachan 21. 1111 Van Ness avenue,
and Hilda L. Bruns, 13. 3652 Clay street.
Peter Oehler. 34. 625 Clay street, and Elisa-
beth Yunker. 34. 223 Palmer street.
John Danert. 30. San Diego, and Anna T.
Hays 27 657 Bush street.
Marc A*. Belon, 4*. New York City, and Ma-
rle A. Roniche. 2!t. Brooklyn. N. Y.
~ BOKN.
FRISBIE— In this city. August 5. 1004. to th»
wife of E. C. Frtsbie. a daughter.
McINTYRE— Iii Oakland. Cal., August 6. 1904.
to the wife of Archibald C. Mclntyre. a son.
ECHULTZ — In Alameda. August 7. 1904. to th«
wife of L. J. Schultz. a son.
" MARRIED.
CAVALIER— CARROLL— In this city. July 31.
19O4 by the Rev. J. George Gibson. LewU
A. Cavalier and Maud E. Carroll, both of
San
HOFMANN— EAGLE— In this city. August 4,
1904, by the Rev. George Guth. Louis C.
Hofmann and Blanche Louisa Eagle, both
of San Francisco.
PRICE— REED— In this city. August «. 1904.
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Albert Price
and Reglna M. Heed.
TEAGITE — FIFE— In this city. August 6. 1904.
by the Rev. F. M. Larkln. B. Frank Teagua
wT Exeter. Cal.. and NateC* Fife of Cam.
bridge. Ohio.
L1RTHS-MAEEMES-DEATE
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. The-y must be handed
In at either of the publication cf flees and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to hav» the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published ence In this column
free of charge. __^_^__________
TAgzT Patrick J. Klrkland, Dr. R. M.
Bishop. Wiley 9. Lambie John
Brown. Edward Llnderman. Martha J.
Continued on rnjre Twelve.
MOKEY TO LOAM— Sortlaued.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
C01-Ou2-Uj;; Examiner building.
Quick settlements; r.o disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments cf rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Ftrlctly confidential.
When You Need Mcney
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
pi-r oent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Stort, I
£40 Market: tel. Main 1»44. Branch. 13 Third. |
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: euey payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
tt. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market St.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you
w« us. HUTTON CREDIT CO., 900 Mutual
Savings Bank Building.
MONEY to lean at low Interest: gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth St.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Tmst Co., 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.,rm. 7.
LOANS to salaried people privately •without se-
curity. PIONEER CO.. 819 Market sU.suite 31.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market at.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral .Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on rwrtes without
indorser. MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. H> pages, sent to any address in the
United States Or Canpda one year for $1.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
piunos for small rooms, medium*- size for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc. : pianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
some at $2, a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo.: our own make pianos "at $3
per mo. (the best Instrument offered for the
money In S. F.); a fine line of elegant large
planes for $i and $5 per mo.; over 150 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0-64 Hayes St.
A FEW exceptional bargains; all uprights;
He.ne grand. $475; Gabler, $350; Krell. $375:
Heine $23r>; Steinway, $325; Maeon & Ham-
lin. $2S5; Knabe. $160; Fischer, $115; Behr
Bros., $187; Crown. $140; Klmball. $65; Em-
erson, $125; Occidental, $40; Conrard, $97:
Ccllard $o5; investigate our new rent and
purchase pystem: $2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St.; Oakland,
1252 Broadways
A BUNCH of uprights; eayy payments.
Erard; .<rr.aU upright for practice $+0
Wood worth; Allovon; splendid order $65
Wagner; perfect condition; a snap $110
Neumann: mahogany case; a bargain. .. .$125
Estey; mahoKany case; perfect order... $190
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 18 O' Fan-ell st.
A PIANO free for one month; if you want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 Geary st.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented
in July and August. BRUENN, 225 Sutter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
$60 FOR a fine upright. If yokj want a bargain
i call at HORNUNG'S, 218 McAllister st
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
raents. SCHMITZ & CO., 1C McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Steinway up;ChIckerlng baby grand;
Bhonlnger. little used. Keeffe'e. 2S5 O'Farrell.
TO LET.
A — SMALL nfflce and desk room in light,
pleasant office. 36 Geary st.
STORE. 2579 Market »t.; coming retail section;
good opening for gents' or dry goods.
PERSONALS.
LADIES dnn't wear those horrid ugly wrinklPs
under our new scientific treatment; we re-
move them and giv e you back the skin and
ccmplexion of youth, leaving not a scar or
mark or blemish on the face; the many
years of practice at home and abroad In this
particular line of work makes us experts; all
wrinkles, etc.. permanently removed; lost
contour rostored; smallpox plttings removed;
consultation confidential. MME GILLING-
HAM, 131 Powell E t., near Ellis.
SHOULD this come under the eye of JAMES
H. O'MEARA cr any of his acquaintances
will conft-r a favnr on his widowed mother
by addrrssinr MRS. M. McEVOY, Wenat-
chee. Ch^lan County, Washington.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWEI.L & BROWN. 32 Turk St., S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness-
clfcanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
ccpt no substitute. Star RemedyCo,.133S Polk.
DURING the month of August we will teach
halrdresslng, manicuring, shampooing, scalp
treatment and dermatologist business- terms
reasonable. B24 Ellie, The Iroquola, room 5:15.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trouserr at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St.. near Powell.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at 1810 Butter st.
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants, $15.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th- and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite halr^
dressing parlors) to 645 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
$250. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 80; dress pant* $Y£oT
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 ~Su£
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE ccstumeg. play books, wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened 8t 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p.'rn.
PALMISTEY.
INITIAL APPEARANCE.
OSIRINI. OCCULT PALMIST.
From the pyramids. 371 Geary.
MADAME DBVAR. palmist and astrologer,
Llebes bldg. 130 Post St. Hours, 10 to 5.
Mrs. Whitney, palmist ;hours 10 to 12.2 to 8, Sun.;
Thur. eve. readings: admission 15c. 711 Polk.
PATEETT8.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDmA7~it-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlco and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary Et., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famofls herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell at.; tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.- .
BOUSES TO LET.
A— PKINTED list of nooses to icf.send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOTEL to rtnt— 43 rooms; 1541 and 1513 Pina
tt.. between Polk and Von Nets ave.; electric
lighted; steam heated;' running hot and cold
water In e\try room; cne block from three
car line; man will b« on premises Iroro
12 to 1 every day.
DUNCAN, "23— Nicely furnished cctta^e, 5
rooms, bath, gas, yard. Apply 240 Duncan.
nrvAi.ro csaies.
BCLD. rer.tsd. exchanKed: manufacturers of
Fames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.: tel.Park 775.
I.0ST AWD FOUND.
LOST — Monday. August 8, between Heald's
Ccllege. and Van Ness, a draft payable to
Margaret, li. Rice; payment has been stopped.
Reward if returned to Htsald's College.
LOST — In Aiarr.eda, last Saturday, lady's purse
containing $15 gold, two half dollars and
some small change. Please notify 1137
Broadway, Aiarr.eda.
LOST — Sunday night, lady's double-case gold
watch; initials meide. M. J. S. Liberal re-
warJ if returned to YV. H. SCHAD, 3 Hardy
place.
LEFT In Market-street car Sunday afternoon,
package containing ore samples and badge;
reward. Box 8825.' Call office.
LOST — Black greyhoi;r.d. Return to 601 Twen-
ty-ninth ft.; re-ward.
FOUND — Th»» next three months, choicest cut
f ewers and all descriptions floral work at
on»-thlrd the regular prices; under contract-
and must aell: 2 stores. 311 Butter and 1204
Eutter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LO6T— A lady's watch and fob bearing Ini-
tials "M. C"; 3 sir.all jewels on back. Lib-
eral reward If returned to Moore, Ferguson
A Co.. 310 California st.
125 REWARD for return of gold watch: 18
'Ine. open face. lK-kt.; case ICo. 12939B.
fihreve & Co movement No. 16717. Return
to SHREVE & CO.. Market and Po*t sts.
PL'RSE $100 and 3 diamond rings; reward.
846 Stenyan st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Ifi i .ijji's. In wrapper, for mailing. S2 per year.
itATJircms fob, hibe.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
Et. ; fcr pleasure and business; tel. Busft 534.
J. Micha^lis Launch Co. .Union-st. Wharf; boat-
lnp & excursions. S St»uart St. ;tel. John 268ft.
MATTSESS2S AI.D PILLOWS.
TO order ;renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carret cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 14.T2-34 Howard st.: phone South 210.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, «ure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In bll fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market »t.. rooma 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these condition*. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Ccnndential. Kst. 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON. o.'fioe 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed; ao years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable epeclallst for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008*4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market et.
MRS. DR. GWTER, 511A Leavenworth St., b«-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumrour.d; safe, eure. never falls;
1 2. Gleascn-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny tc Clay.
DR. ROSEN reside* 290*> Folaom st.. corner
26th: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
lascELULgEOus— roa sale.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Funday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont »t.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear' machinery, en-
Flnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
*tc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
ONE SO H. P. boiler, wool presses, shafting,
pulleys, colls, belts, iron doors. 3S0 Town-
rend st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery it., room 12, upstairs.
GENTS' full dress, Prince Albert and Tuxedo
Fiiits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
¦
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
fme'l weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents* full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to- 21 Stockton tt.,
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ENGINE and boiler on wheels; six hors^pow-
er;, pood as new; very cheap. 1504 Seventh
et.. Oakland.
$40 — FINE Jereey-Holftein cow 8 yeara old-
richest milk. 1190 67th st.. Oakland.
2D-HAND bulld'g material, lumber.doors.sash,
plumb, material. The Dc Ian Co.. 1C07 Market!
BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English spantel
pups, 5 w. old; $7 60 & $10. 2137 "4 Mission «t.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy* Co.. 607 Mission St.; tel South Sll.
BEAUTIFUL 1 -karat diamond rir.g (SO; worth
$100. GARIN 138 Montgomery at.
FOR eale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021^ Market «t,
EAFES and caxh registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market et.
8AFES and desks; new and second-hand: price j
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1810 Market «L
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard St. Breck, 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
6AFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery »t.
GASOLINE engines automobiles and launches;
all t>lies. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
portage paid.
aUSCEL-GA-gEOtTS WABrTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents* full drees suits, etc.; send
pomi card. LICHTENETEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton at.
A— MORRIS pays positively big price ladles*
fey, dresses, gents' cloth' g. Postal 922 Folsom.
HIGHEST pric* paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Da via 825; 650 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrics! goods. 154 Oth St.: tel. Jeesle 2851.
MOnjETt^TO jiOiH.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount en
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town ¦
or country.
low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box i'-n>, Call office. '
SALARY LOANS— —
Mooey loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one;con!ldential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2nd mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 33.
" *-*-^? :Z ' 3g <JCAirrEP — MALE — Continued.
A— HL'RRAY & READY. 634-U3G Cay «t
Pfcor.f Main CMS.
"Leading Erepleycietit and Labor ' Agents.
•We Epeai tLe Gtrn\an, French, Italian.
**J»n'1ifcav;iin. Greek, Spaxith, Slavonian and
¦ -1'^r.ith Saiiguages.
"JTtxXl W« AJave 1304 We Horn to
*. ; ».Vl<« Men Work. Increase 00 000.
• *.. *•- FOR LUMBER SYNDICATES.
. . -MILLS, WOODS AND FACTORIES.
' -l j .Ulicrer* for ralils arid yards, $t50.
No experience, wanted. :
•. t O» ••teburers for woods, CUIXOL ?S0. i
,.»- : jroU'LL SUIT. TAlvE IT. j
"-..!'* "abereie to build extension of R. R. fcr J
' :_in»I- lundz.^r company ia woods $00.
'ANY LABOKEK WILL 'DO.
1 ../Co.tneri. uo anything, box factories. $60.
. .V ". Steady Job year round.
.-• <5-"tWys. d'flerent easy Jobs, mills. $30 fcund.
•'. -jUALL EARLY— GO MAKE MONEY.
. .-.12. four-hcrse teamsters. $75.
.Y- :•/• AliE YOU A DRIVER?
1^-^wlMseler drivers, steady work. $75.
\V --: * REPAIRING L. R. R.
,«.£• labartr* to repair U R. R., In woods,
>..:' . MECHANICAL.
• •* b»7cfc hands, placing mill, $3 50 day.
*•* hooper*. ll>c barrel; C door mo.ders. $3.
• . Hee,$ lineman, woods. $75.
. :'. •spoolteaders and ether mill and wood* help.
. " • ARE YOU A
\eciiaclcal draughtsman, must thoroughly
•-"idt/stand bridge wcrk, good pay to the
' . right cian.
Paper hanger, extra good Job. $3 day.
' .- C'rfcood iron molders, «teady, good Jsbs.
-. -" ? • TtNSillTH, *3 50.
. 13 carpenters, different city, country Jobs,
: *3 to J4 daj .
5 -pA^cters, nous* work, city Job, $3 day.
HODCARRIEK. $3 50.
.Tjool «harper.er, oil wells, boss here. $2 60.
. < •blacksmiths, different Jobs. $3 & $2 50 day.
.• S-";urn:i::re finishers cr varnlshers, $1 60 to
• *2 daV.
wheelwright, Nevada Flute, $60 found.
- MZTiLRAY & READY. CS4 and 633 Clay tt.
* •. ' FACTORY— NEW WORK.
,12 tetxJrers, take It. because lt'a steady. $60.
GOLD MINES.
... 1J3 Maofaiji* miners. $.«< and $52 SO.
- "S furnace men for sslnes. $40 and found.
• .= -YOLTfG MAJS*. LEARN MIXING-.
'•• ; li y»uag men to work about mines, $3» fd.
." . •• FARMS— STABLES.
..._.ffl nsea for farms, $30, $35, $45 found.
./ ', sta-bJesLen, city aad country, $30 to $50 fd.
: • Makers: fchorebo>-« and men; ether help.
1 < .- ' COACHMAN— CAli. EARLY.
.••Laborer*, icehouse, country. Ji 75 day fd.
'• ' -16 :MEN' BALE HAY. *3 50 DAY.
.Sibtflpers. city foundry, that's you. $9 week.
JBudd«r, ncrserr. fare fl. $1 60 day found.
•' : '. .' OIL FIELDS.
" "'IS latttCTB, experience not wanted, $C7 50.
¦..-... * TEAMSTERS— LABORERS.
•JJI- teamsters, different city and country
}rba,;.?«a
: .15 laborer*, different dtjr and country
.^JS«, $60.
. 12 »low teamstera, construction work, $57 50.
MONTEREY BY THE SEA.
¦ IS laborers can you handle a Fhovel? $67 50.
' •• ' • BANKING SYNDICATE.
• *6 laborer*, epecial R. R. car to-dav, $C7 60
c • ••. . VARIOUS POSITIONS.
- .f*«y. carpet warehouse, city. $tf • week.
£ bf»x». learn upholstery trade. $6 week.
German bey, learn sausage making. $15 fd.
Your.g km, IS to IS years, drive light
Hiicon. $2 day.
1 . N'lrbt watchman, run elevator, references,
..• J2t> found.
1 helpers, city foundry, S9 week.
Your.g nun for city store, *3 week.
,*»— experienced men. bottling works. $60.
MURRAY & P.EADY,
. . * €34 and C>6 Clay et.
' : '* HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
";: hntfl ar.d boarding-house cuoks. $33, $40,
?*A Sea
. * cooks for ranches. $20. $30, S*J5 and found.
. 3 <••-><; ks. hayprfBsee & cinjm. $25. $30. $C5 fd
fISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BELL AND
V c ELEVATOR BOYS.
,"2 waiters, different city and country Jobs,
Stf ar.d S40.
..Pantryman, $35 found.
2 waiters tog«"th«?r hotel, fare $1, $35.
¦ ' BUTCHERS.
• Flaugiiterhous*. butcher, feed hon, $30 fd.
"Dutch<>r. fare 5«c. $30 to $35 fd.
• Butcher, Nevada, see boss here 10 a. m.,
' -TAt* fd.
'Oattie nan stock man. $3<» fd.
'• • LAUNDRY.
Leur!<lryman. institution. $40 found.
Eisner, country laundry. $15 »•«<*.
¦_ Etarch Sroners. country $12 week.
BAKERS.
'2 boys for bakery, t'25 fd.: 2 bedtnakers.
B*ker. Ices, dr., hotel. $40 found.
No eiT>erlence wanted.
Y^urLir man to. take charge of lunch counter,
• $M) and found.
ARE TOU MARRIED?
'" FarraT and wife. 6 people, fare 52 20. $45 fd.
Man a.r.d wife, orchard, wife cook. $55 fd.
4 other Tsea and wives. $K>, $50 to $60.
LOOK.
Masseur for sprints hotel.
MUERAT & READY. C34-636 Clay «t-
GO TO
Los Angeles. San Bernardino.
Irgh'.anoj. Pomona. Red'.ands.
Riverside Districts.
Center of preat orange and lemon belt,
where the fan sh'r.es year round and man
ran work every day.
555.
T^amFters wanted, you'll suit. $60.
Fare ti'v $4 f». By Sar.ta Fe R, R.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
n"S NEW ITS NEW IT'S NEW
155 Italian laborers. $0o!
1T.5 Aii^rran laborers. $»i0.
MURRAY A READY. 634-63fi Clay st.
WANTED — lien sr.d boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Eros. Co. School of Practical
P!-jn;b:r.g: sesd for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Kaston ave.. St. Louis. Mo.
GOVERNMENT pos'tioni^Call at 923 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7, for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
or evening*.
TRY ocr r-ien's sho<?s. union made, at $1 and
fl-PO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or isalt charges 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a
goo4 ta!ker. «-agf>r to make money. . F. PER-
PON, 477 and 478. Parrott building.
COATMAKER wanted to work In store;
steady work. 30*J6 Twenty-fourth st.
EP.ICKLAYERP ¦•ranted to point terracotta.
Falrmcunt HoteL
tailor, flirt -class only, can have
E'>od chance to make money. 13S3 Geary et.
MAN to take' printing orders. Apply S18 Fil-
bert at.
COATttAKER and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
"BARBER shop for «a!e; 2 chairs; good location;
housekeeping rooms rear. 1838 Mission st.
' LABOR debts collected; ruiu. attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. S28 Montgy..r. 41*.
¦ TOT7JCG man to learn barber trade: paid whlla
learning. S. F. Barber Colleg*. 741A Howard.
EAILCRS and young men (green hand*) tor
*Hp*. HALLBERT. S17 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BulIis. r.40. Phelan bldg.
Pact Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
EAILORS and ordinary eeamen for all parts of
the m'orld at HERMAN'S, £7 Eteuart st.
• •WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third «t.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL: sizes men's thoes. elightly damaged, half
price. 5C1 Mission «t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-«o!ed while waltlnr: 25c
to SOc. 5C3 Mlsfclon st-. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
v Cal! hra:irh offlse.cor Duncan and Church sts.
EOKSES A1TO WAGOKS.
FOR- rent or sale — Black saddle horse; stylish
..- »nd gentle; aleo military caddie, bridle and
twaddle cloth; apply between 2 and 4. 411
Krr.ma Srrecktls building.
CHEAP— A carload gentle, broke work horse*
¦¦ from McC'oud P.!ver lumber camp at FRED
H. CHASE & CO.'S. 1732 Market et.
j — — _
A TINE, new, up-to-date rubber-tire victoria
for ea!e; never been used; It co6t $1100; will
be sold for half the price. 1504 Folsom «t.
AUCTION «al« every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
curreys. buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom «t. • ;¦;.:•<¦- 1
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Centra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 100 Stevenson, 8.F.
1 BUSINESS buggy aad harness for aale cheap.
i)53 Howard st.
WANTED — To buy a rood sound horse, broken
. to drive cr ride. Address box 22S2, CalL
1 imirWSTEIl landau: 1 Berlin coach, good
4 »rdcr; cheap. Inquire S62 Howard et.
FOR SALE — Platform. 2-ton, cut down wagon.
1524Vi Park 0i.. Alameda.
FINE new business frjjuy. also second-hand
buggies ch«-sp. D23 Fulton st.
JCKW sad cecond-hand wcgons, buggies. «ur-
rcy«. cheap at 100 Golctcn Gate ave.
FOUR Tint surreys for sale cheap; some busi-
ness buggies. 1503 FoUom ft.
6ADDLE harees for rale — One chestnut single-
footer and one black. 13CV Fultcn st.
WAGONETTES. #urreys. buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia
' - -
BOODXS FOB HOTTSEKEEPrHO. |
ELEVENTH ave. South, 1535 — 5 rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, $15; 3 for $10.
FIRST, 22S. nr. Howard— S sunny, house-
keeping rooms; business center; rent mod-
erate.
FOLSOM, S70 — Suite of front, sunny rooms.
FOURTEENTH, 706 — Sunny, furnished house-
keeping rooms: adults.
GEARY. 441 — Housekeeping room to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631 — Nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1202—2 pleasant house-
kpg. rooms; large kitchen ;comp. ; run. water.
GUERRERO, 030, bet. 21st and 22d— Furnish-
ed rooms for housekeeping; no children.
HARRISON, 74S — Back parlor & kitchen $12.
sunny, grate, laundry; also furnished rooms.
HYDE 609— Rooms for housekeeping; reason-
able.
KEARNY, 101 — Sunny, bay-window front
suite; $11; unfurnished: adults. I
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 134O Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
LEAVENWORTH, 1512—3 nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas range; bath.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Oate
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms: reaa.
MCALLISTER. 6S3^ — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; regular kitchen; call be-
fore 4.
MCALLISTER. IO58—2 or 3 sunny fur. rooms;
housekpg.; gas and coal stove; bath; phone.
OAK. 117. 53S McAllister— Rooms, complete;
$5 to *12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL, 126 — One large sunny housekeep-
ing rm. : gas stove; running water; $3 50 wk.
TAYLOR, 911 — Furnished suite, gas range,
folding bed $12 50: single, folding bed. $6 50.
THIRTEENTH. 232 — One or two rooms, fur-
nished for light housekeeping.
VALLEJO. 1116 — Nicely furnished sunny up-
per floor; complete for housekeeping: rent
reasonable.
VAN NESS. 31— Nice furnished front parlor,
kitchen, gas. etc. ; reasonable ; location fine.
VAN NESS ave. 232 — Fur. housekeeping, sin-
gle and 2-room nultes; $6. $10. $16. $18.
WALLER, 71 — Fine sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished. $7 up; new house: grand view.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms; turn, or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO LET— -r*arn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth «t- — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A — HOWARD. 1763 — Largo sunny alcove, suit-
able for one or two gentlemen.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; houso open all night.
HELMOND House, over Owl drugstore, 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to 60c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
CASTRO, 425, near 17th — FurnUhed room suit-
able for one or two persons.
CRAGBURN (The). 1007 Larkln. cor. Post.—
, Sunny nicely furnished rooms; single, en
suite. housekeeping apartments; running
water, baths: rates reasonable.
EDDY. 432— Elegantly furnished sunny par-
lor suite and bath; also single room.
EIGHTH ave.. 574, near museum — 2 parlors
partly furnished; single furnished.
FRANKLIN, 721, near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front rooms; all conveniences ;$11&$12.
FREDERICK. 357;— On« furnished or unfur-
ntshetl room to let.
FURNISHED or unfurnished rooms, with or
without housekeeping: also rooms with board;
full particulars; no charges. Room Renting
Advertisers. 117 Sutter St.: OFFICE IN
REAR OF STORE. UPSTAIRS.
FURNISHED room and board with Spanish
family at 1106 Clay st.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 621 — Furnished rooms
to let; reasonable. ¦
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms S3c
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; readlng-rm.
HAYES, 13o. corner Van Ness — Large sunny
room, $2 50; also small room.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooma at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
JESSIE, 363, east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
. rooms; $1 per week.
JESSIE. 613*4 — Large bay-window front room;
newly furnished; suitable for two; $8.
MARKET. 750— First-class newly furnished
rooms; day, week or month.
¦
MARKET, 1049A.The Falmoutli — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MONTGOMERY, 121— Nice rooms to let;
?2 up.
NATOMA, 284%, near Fourth — Four unfur-
nished rooms; closets; separate yard.
NICELY furnished rooms to rent. Apply at
730 Folsom st.. near Fourth.
NOE,' 61 — Large sunny front room; all con-
veniences; private family; reasonable. Taka
Haight-st. cars to Pierce st.
PINE, 1733 — 1, 2 or 3 rooms; light and sunny;
housekeeping privileges; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles" par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 60; week. $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENO, 2310— Sunny, newly furnished
rooms for gentlemen; private family.
8ILVER SS — Back and front parlor, use of
kitchen^
6TANYAN. 1111— Exceptionally nice sunny
upper floor. 4 rooms, bath and fcantry.
SUTTER. 2483 — Nice, sunny room, furnished;
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
TAYLOTl. 911— Nicely furnished sunny roomi
good location; reasonable. "
THIRD, 308— 25c,50c.75c,$l night; $1 23, $4 wk;
respectable; gas; bath free; housekpg rooms.
TURK. 321 — A single room to let.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100.
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
•;. r ,e to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week; elevator/
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from 90o to J5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan <fc Church sts.
BOOHS AND BOARD.
BRANNAN. 326 — Large sunny front room with
board for two; bath.
EDDY. 1128. cpp. Jefferson Park— Fine turn,
sunny rooms; table board; reas.: new raanag.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room,
single or double, $5-$6 wk. : American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
807 California — See rooms.learn prices. try table
TABLE board In private family. 615A Mason
st.. near Sutter.
BOOM BENTXNa AGEHCY.
WE rent your rooms; hundreds of roomers call*
Ing dally; don't delay seeing us. Room Rent- '
Ing Advertisers, 117 Sutter st. : phone Clay
906; office In rear of store upstairs.
BOOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED apartment. 4 or 5 room*, with
I private bath, for gentleman, wife and ser-
vant; must be sunny. Address A. J. POM-
MER, 653 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
Ladles! Chlchester*s English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
' In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
JTO LEASE.
TO rent or lease — A good siae store In Ochsner
building, adjoining Postofflce. K at., between
Seventh and Eighth; a good opportunity to
get a business in the best business portion of
Sacramento. Apply at premises or 112 Beulah
tt.. San Franclamo. JOHN OCHSNER.
TYPEWBITEgS AKD SXTPPLIES.
¦2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
BEAL ESTATE — CITY— POB SALE^
BALDWIN & HOW ELL,
25 Poet Street.
Send to our office for a copy of the Buyer
and Seller, our monthly catalogue, contain-
ing a complete list of our properties for
sale. Free for the asking.
We have a branch office at the corner of
H st. and 7th ave.. fronting the Park. Take
Ellis and Devlsadero-st. cars. Office open
Sundays and holidays. Horse and phaeton
to ehow you around. Most complete . list
of Sunset Richmond. Park front. Parnan-
s'ls Heights and Ocean Boulevard home
building lots on the market. Also cottages,
hom«s and flats. Your own terms— small
first payments, balance easy monthly In-
¦ stallments. Go out to-day and be shown
around.
J 1 .~~ i
HAYES STREET
~~* 4i.J »!-. i»" a* <» *» »»
H -o ? '• u
$ *" It U |« »
SI : 1 I
— 3 » soin • I
w n » solo £ a
O « « 60)1) II » IT 19 i
ft* .
a a i
a i
FELL STREET
n i ~r—
$2,600. $2,600. 12,600.
These choice bullu-flS lots.
Street work all done. LoU
ready for building. Suitable
for houses and flats.
$2,000 each— 3 lots on west slda of Hyda
- St., right where the cars stop at Beach
st.; unsurpassed marine view; nothing
like these lots for view and price to
be had any where.
$3,500 — Choice marine view corner lot, 68:9x
100; can be subdivided and sold at a
profit; Larkin and Beach sts., one block
from Hyde-st. cars; cannot obstruct
I the view.
$15.000— Corner on Gough St.. vicinity Hayes;
size C0x60; frame building and a part
"of lot vacant; can be further im-
proved.
IT.OOO— Sacramento St., Presidio Heights dis-
trict; lot 25x127 :SVi; 2 new flats of 5
6 rooms and bath each; rents $65 per
month.
$150,000— Vicinity of California, Market and
Battery sts.; extra large holding, both
in frontage and depth; brick Improve-
ments should be modernized; will yield
6 per cent net on small outlay.
$22,000— Hales-et. business holding; lot with
frontage on rear street; extra width
of 37 feet.; well improved with stores
and flats.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery et.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 10. 1904
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
DEVISADEUO-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
6. E. cor. Haves and Devisadero sts. ; store,
houses and flats; good business location; an-
nual rents $2532;^ot 75x112:6.
POWELL- ST. BUSINESS CORNER,
S. E. cor. Powell and Vallejo sts.; stores, flats
and houses; annual rents $4116; with small
outlay more stores could be added, increas-
ing Income considerably: lot 137:6x79:2, with
L; one-third cash, balance at <i per cent.
STOCKTON-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY".
1106-10 Stockton et., between Jackson and Pa-
cific; 2 stores and lodging-house; lot 31x100;
one- third cash, balance at 6 per cent.
UNION-ST." CfORNER. /*
N. W. cor. Unt'-n and Jasper sts.. between
Dupont and Stockton; anuat rents $142S; lot
60x77; one-third cash, balance at 6 per cent.'
STOCKTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
812 Stockton at. between Sacramento and Clay;
3-story frame"; annual rents $420; with small
expense large revenue can be obtained; one-
third cash, balance at 6 per cent.
DUPONT-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1113 Duoont St.. between Broadway and Pa-
cific; store and upper, renting low at $55 per
month; one-third cash, balance at 6 per cent.
KEARNY-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
1106 to 1112 Kearny St., north of Broadway:
corner small street; will sell separately If
desired; annual rents $2200; one-third cash,
balance at 6 per cent.
RAILROAD-AVE. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
010 to 942 Railroad ave., bet. 11th and 12th
aves.; stores and flats; annual rents $22S0;
one- third cash, balance at 6 per cent.
BUILDING LOTS.
East ride Castro, bet. 17th and 18th, first
block from Market Et. ; 75x125.
WALLER-ST. LOTS.
South side, bet. Scott, and Devisadero sts.; two
frontages; COxlSJO: both streets paved.
TO CLOSE PARTNERSHIP.
San Bruno ave.; 2 frontages; bet. Army and
15th ave.; one-third cash, balance at 6 per
cent; lot 100x300.
Terms at sale. For catalogue and particu-
lars apply to MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery st.
$1 25 PER week; no Interest: lots In the Ex-
celslor Homestead Tract: all level: no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little homt
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 8.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
$14,850— Rent $1590 per year: swell flats;
very substantially built; nearly completed;
located very central; 712 Halght, nr. Pierce
Owner premises every day; lot 30-ft. front!
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot included,
any location, ¦ on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Asroclatlon. 427 Crossley bid.
NEW colonial house, containing 2 fiats of 6
rooms and reception hall; artistically deco-
. rated: $5400; lot 37x95. B st. and 4th ave.
$11,000— RENTS $107 60; 3 new elegant flats.
6-6-7 roonis; grand ¦ marine view; near
Chestnut and Leavenworth. Box 3093. Cail
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BAfH Sr MAYFR. plumbery Kir. Howard st
BICHMOND KEAL ESTATE.
< LOTS, cheap for cash. 328 Bush st., third
floor, room 4.
REAL EBT ATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR ""EXCHANGE!
$4500.
20 acres of the best land In Fresno County,
carrying with it a valuable perpetual water ¦
right, providing
. ABUNDANT WATER
For thorough Irrigation at all times; 16 acres
under high state of cultivation; 4 acres of
pasturage; 6 acres In peachea in full bearing
and choice varieties; 1V6 acres assorted fruits-
1 V* acres muscat grapes; some vines; 3 acres
fine alfalfa; a substantial house of 4 rooms
with cement wall storehouse;, deep well of fine
water, windmill and tank, together with neces-
sary tools, driers., trays, boxes, etc. ; . large
barn: on oiled road out of Fresno; rural de-
livery; one mile from grammar ani- high
schools; owner too old to give property neces-
sary attention. This property Is surrounded
by some of the finest orchards and vineyards
In the State. Will sell for halt cash, balance
to remain, or will exchange for unincumbered
Sonoma County acreage. The property lg en-
tirely unincumbered. Address J. A. SDJER
box 3951. Call office.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-803 CALL .BUILDING.
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest.
Ing the proce«ds in a different kind of property.
Our lone experience in this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition we
make Is that, your property. If you wish us to
dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own , with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If It has merit, whether you own real estate
or ' a mercantile or. manufacturing business
bring a description of same to our office «tat-
lng what kind of property you prefer in ex-
change, and you will be surprised hovr quickly
we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE -UNDER.
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and ar«
the only company In Kan Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless wo pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory i to you to ¦ ao-
cept. . .- • '¦¦¦¦Movements of Steamers.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Loir Waters
at Fort Pclnt entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; tho height
of tide is th* same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide
The steamer Francis H. Lcggett arrived
yesterday from Astoria, with a log raft in tow.
Fortunately for the safety of' coast shipping
fine weather was encountered and the raft
reached here 'Intact. In the raft are piles
measuring 10,000,000 feet of lumber. Any one
of these piles in a heavy sea could punch a
hole in the hull of the etoutest ship, and the
breaking up of one of these rafts would Im
peril hundreds of lives. The contents of the
)ox raft which > arrived yesterday would have
goaded to their full capacity a score of aver
age alze coasting vessels.
Log Kaft Arrives.
The liner Ventura on her outward voyage,
when between this port and Honolulu, passed
through a shower of squid, which delighted the
ship's cat and puzzled everybody else. Dr.
Clarke, the liner's surgeon, vouches for the
story, and volunteers the information that
the wingless. Unless piscatorial curiosities
must' bave . been lifted from the ocean in a
waterspout and traveled to the Ventura's deck
in a shower of rain. In proof of his story
he has two of the fish preserved in a botjle.
Professor J. E. Deuriden of Ann Arbor Uni
versity, who was a passenger, corroborated
Surgeon Clarke's diagnosis as to the family
the fish represented. They can ¦ neither Jump
nor fly, he says, .and as the sea was nmooth,
their presence on deck was a "mystery. Then
Dr. Clark's Fish Story.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 9.
Sun rises 5:19
Sun sets ¦ 7 : n
Moon rises v 3;OJ a. m.
O ITlmel (Time ITlrael prime?
£. ' Ft- »t- f 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
S |L W| |H W< |L Wl' |H W(
9 3:321— 0.C|10:85j 4.5' 3:22 2.6 9:301 6.0
10 4:171— 0.8ilI:iej 4.8| 4:11 2.4 10:21 6.0
11 6:021— ©-SIU :57| 6.0| 5.02 2.2 11:15 5.9
12 5:441 O.6I12:.1«I 5.21 B:.',2 18 I
IH W L W H Wl |L Wl
13 1 0:07| 6.61 6:29l— O.2) l:is|- S.41 6:47| 1.5
NOTE— In the above exposition or the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column of the successive tides of, the
day in order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a mlnu« <— )
sisn precedes the height, and then the number
riven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the man
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgraphlc Office. V. S. N.. Mer.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
August 8. 1904.
The time bail on the tower of th« Fern
building was dropped exactly at soon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Ueutenant. U. S. N.. la Charge.
. ARRIVED.
Monday, August 8. 3
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr Gipsy, Gray, 36 hours from Monterey.
Stmr San Gebrlel^ Green. 82 hours from San
Pedro, with schr Dora Bluhm in tow.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen, . 09 hours from
Grays Harbor. ' •>
Stmr Del Norte Payne, 30 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Badger, 33 hours from
Redondo. .'
Stmr Francis H I^eggett. Rclnert. 5& days
from Astoria, with leg raft in tow.
Stmr Ventura, llayward. 21 dftys 13 hours
22 min from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 15
hours 24 mln. . . . • • . /
Stmr Erooklyn. Johnson, 19 hours from
Needle Rock
Stmr State' of California, NIcolson, 41 hours
from San Diego and • way ports.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Iverson. 40 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Haggle, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. .
SUnr" National City. Hammer. 35 hours from
Ventura.
Schr Mary C, Campbell 8 hours from Bo
dega. , . : •_ ; , \
Schr Jennie Gibson, Gibson, 3 hours from
Bollnas. '
Schr Dora Bluhm; Nelson 82 hours from San
Pedro. In tow of stmr San 'Gabriel.
Shipping Intelligence.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN PABLO BAY, CALIFORNIA.
(List of Lights, Buoys and Daymarks, Pa
cilic Coast, 1SJ04, pace 27.)
Notice is hereby given that the South Val
lejo J>eaccn. a three-pile structure crossed with
slats, marking the- channel of best water
through Mare Island Strait, San Pablo Bay,
California, was destroyed by a collision Satur
day night, August (I. The beacon will be re
built as soon as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P.- DAY.
Commander. U. R. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
150 Fiseber-Rebmann Theater Co. W
M Pacific States Tel & Tel Co. .102 00
S2.009 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 81 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$7,000 United R P. of S F 4 per cent. St 25
California Stockand Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apeilo 46
Associated Trust Cert 19 2O
Caribou 4 50
Chicago Crude ,. 15 . 18
Claremont S5 ....
Hanford 165 00
Home 1 30 1 40
Imperial IS 00
Independence 27 28
Junction '. 10
Kern 5 00 ft 12Va
Kern River 11 00 12 00
Monarch (of Arizona) 22 550
Monte Crlsto 65 66
Occidental of W. Va 06 ....
Oil City Petroleum 60
Reed Crude 1 50
S. F. * McKittrick 3 00
Sovereign 41
Sterling 2 70
Superior 04- 06
Thirty-Three S 25
Twenty-Eight 10 00
Wesst Shore 2 25 2 50
Kern (new) 65 ....
Atsd Bd? 79
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 55 ....
Honolulu Sugar 21 00
Northern Cal. Power 10 00
SALES..
Morning Session.
Board — «
200 Monte Cristo K>
2<X» Claremont 90
1000 Superior 04
Afternoon Session.
2 Hanford 172 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange. Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 15' S00 Exchequer ... 43
400 Caledonia .... SSI 1*00 Gould & Cur. 03 1
100 Chollar 121 100 Union Con 23 j
Afternoon Session. . :
100 Chollar 121 1C0 Mexican 81
600 Con NY 02| 1C0 Savage 22 !
200 Gould & Cur. tfl; 200 Utah • OS
500 Justice C9!
PACIFIC STOCJC EXCHANGE.
Following were the '"sales on the Pacific
Etock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia "S! 100 Ophir 2-40
100 Caledonia 39 100 Potosi It I
100 Con C & V.I 17>4 4C0 Sierra Nev 21
fiOO Gould & Cur., 0»|
Afternoon Secsion.
100 Belcher 14| .ICO Gould & Cur. 09
500 Chollar 121 200 Mexican 82
I (Xi Con Cal & V.I 151 ICO Ophlr 2 35 1
J 00 Crown Point.. Hi ."CO Potosi 14 }
»JfO Crown Point. 101 100 ITnion Con ' 23 j
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200» Goldfield B&3 1S| 300 Ray & O'Brien 10
' TOO GolCfield Ton. 11 (2500 Ton Gold Mt. 20 1
1508 MacNamara . 39 1 1250 Ton Gold Mt. 21 j
1500 MacNamara . 3-SJ i CO, Ton Midway.. 48
Afternoon Session. .'
ST.00 Esperanza ... C2i IOo Mont Ton... 2 42^4 !
HKX) Goldfield B&B I81 SOU N Y Ton 03 I
i COO MacNamara . 371 100 Rescue 11 :
50 MacNamara . 40 3250 Ton Gold Mt. 21
I 4350 MacNamara . :;6;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Aug. 8—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha C8 (19 Justice '. 08 10
Aha 05 07 Kentuck 01 02 1
Andes 17 l»l K. Graessler. — 1 20 1
Belcher 12 13|Lady Wash .. — 06
ll*rt «: Belch. 04 ti-M Mexican . . 81 82
Bullion 20 SliOccldental 81 '85 1
Caledonia 38 40IOr>h!r 2 352401
Challenge ... 18 l^'l Overman 09 10 i
Chollar 12 131 Potosi 13 14 1
Confidence ... CO 70, Scorpion 08 101
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 2f»] Ravage 21 23
Con .Imperial. 01 021 Seg Belcher... 03 04 1
Con NY.... 01 021 Sierra Nev 20 22
Crown Point.. 10 12] Silver Hill r>3 55
E Sierra Nev. 03 OfilSt. Louis 07
Eureka Con.. — roi Syndicate .... — 05
I Exchequer 61 C3| Union Con.... 23 24
I Gould & Cur. 08 09! Utah 08 09!
Hale tc Norc. 65 701 Yellow Jacket. 16 IS 1
Julia 08 10|
TONOPAH MINES.
Colehan — 05| Ray & O'Brien 09 10 '
Columbia 20 25! Ray Ton — 10'
Esperanza ...^02 031 Red Top ..... 13 14
Gold Anchor. — 2S| Rescue 10 if 1
Go'.dfleld Nev. 95 1 00 Ton Belmont.. 69 71 '
Goldfield Ton. 11 —I Ton A Cal .. — «>i
Gold Mt Con. 01 021 Ton Exten .. 98 1 10
Jim Butler .. 00 75|Ton Fraction.. 25
Little Ton .. ' — 10| Ton & Gt W. 07
Lucky Tom.. — OMTon Gold Mt. 20 21 1
MacNamara . 36 37 Ton Midway.. 47 45
Mlzpah Exten 20 — Ton of Nev.8 00 8 12U ;
Mont Ton.. 2 40 2 42H Ton N Star ... — 30
N T Ton 03 — |Ton & S Lake. 50 —
Paymaster .. 0* 05 United Ton .. — 09
Qulncy 11 — I West End ... 19 —
Ray Extnslon — 081
The bark R. P. Rithet was cleared yesterday
for Honolulu with an assorted cargo, valued at
$17.7t"3 and including the following:
100 bbls flour. 3297 ctla barley, 126 otls
wheat, 2S4 ct!.« corn, 25,802 lbs middlings, 20.
20U lbs bran, 151;; bales hay. SCO bbls Kilmon,
255 gals whisky. 1S77 gals wine. 600 lbs cof
fee, 6 bbls glaccae, 110 cs canned goods, 21
liks paints, 60 bbls llnrecd oil, 5 bbls tar, 16
colls rope, Stl bdls paper, 30D pkgs furniture
7031! ft hardwood, 12,500 lbs fertilizer, 33,000
bricks, 131 bxs soap. 3 pkgs machinery, 2 cs
boots and shoes.
170 bbls flour. UCS pfcjs fresh fruits, 125
pkgs fresh vegetables, 90S pkgs potatoes, 201
pkgs onions. 2.S20 lbs tea. 91 cs eggs. 8291 lbs
1- 03 butter, iitfU lbs .'{ cs cheese, 13,000 lbs
codfish, 131 bbls !» half bbls pickled salmon.
W ch canned salmon. 916 cs assorted canned
goods. JifiK pgks groceries and provisions, 12.
870 lbs lard, 4i) pkjrs table preparations, 77.S2
lbs C4 cs meals. 5751 gal3 2S cs wine. 518 prals
7 cs litiuorw, 25 cs hitters, 15 cs whisky, 7854
lbs 2 ca bread. 77,"9 lbs eugar. 8S0 lbs dried
fruit, fiOO lbs rals>!ns. 31 cs mineral water, 9.T
ct!s corn, 41U ctls barley, 8M lbs nuts. tHiiiii
lbs dried tlsh. 1150 lbs fresh meat, 557 lbs
dressed poultry, 425 lbs chocolate. 1146 lbs 6
pkgs fresh fish. 2-103 lbs candy, 139 cs baking
powder, WiO 1b? sago, 15,070 lbs hams and ba
con, 5 pkgs fivi»h oysters, Uafl3 lbs beans, 8O.O0O
lbs rice, 249 pkgs paste, Cl<2 lbs glucose. 5000
lbs salt, 5 cs coffee, 20 cs syrup, 134 pkgs dry
goods. cs matches, S3 cs boots and shoes,
2ti5 pkgs drug and sundries, 15 cyls ammottla,
5 bales bajrs, 1 1 pkgs electrical supplies, 10 cs
hats, 148 pkgs paints and oils. 042 pkgs paper,
'.'01 gals alcohol, 42 bales leather, 15,370 lbs to
bacco, 31 cs cigars and cigarettes. 3S bales
brooms. 12 cs boots and shoes*. 70 pkga wagon
material. 19 colls rope, 475 gals spirits. 42 bxs
soap, 33 bdls 1S2 pi:s iron, 10 pkgp machinery,
ir><' pc» S bdls steel, 13 bales twine. 5 cs
glycerine, SS4. kegs nails and spikes, ,55 pkgs
mlliwork, 7.'J boiler tubes, 51 pkgs tank mate
rial • ,
The steamer Alameda. which sailed on Satur
day for Honolulu, carried a general merchan
dise oarrco. valued at $1O4,1SS and including
the following: s^- ,
¦*
Kxports For Honolulu.
The British ship Naiad Is chartered for gen
eral merchandise from here to Liverpool or
London.
The bark Edward May will load general
cargo for Honolulu and Makawell.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF TIIK OCEAN.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Ventura arrived yesterday from
Honolulu and the Antipodes. She
brought 259 passengers and a small
but valuable cargo. The freight in
cluded 2342 ingots of copper. 441 in
gots of tin and forty boxes of British
sovereigns, valued at $1,000,000.
Among: the passengers from Ilono
lulu was a bevy of fair students re
turning from summer vacations to
Mills College. Another passenger
iras W. A. Bissell of the Santa Fe, |
who, with Mrs. Bissell, his son and I
some young friends, has been spend
ing a few weeks at the island port.
"W. A. Setchell, a botany Instructor at
Berkeley, was also a passenger on the
liner.
Among the passengers from Aus
tralia were some prominent mining
engineers. One of these, Thomas Pas
coe, is said to represent a London
syndicate which is one of the largest
operators in the world. William Todd
Weir is also a mining engineer, well
known on the African gold coast and
in New Zealand.
H. A. Wood, a coal passer on the j
Ventura, died from heat exhaustion on
the outward voyage. j
Pilot John Silovich brought the
Ventura in from sea and showed that '
a big steamer can be handled just as
easily as a towboat. He took the liner
alongside the Oceanic dock in a style
I that has been very rare since the days
when Captain Carey used to bring the
', Moana to the same wharf.
j The Ventuar's passengers included
1 the following:
From Sydney— Dr. and Mrs. A. Burne, Miss
E. Burnc. F. Caldcrwocd'. A. J. Barnes, W.
C. Harrou, J. Coates. Charles Bak^r Herbert
Perry. J. W. McWhae, L. M. Macphersoti.
A. A. Hrntrr, T. G. Ramsey, JJr. K. H.
¦ Way, Miss A. Y. Way, A. Hunter, W. G.
Hearne, Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Bathuret, Mr.
and Mrs. T. Pascoe ;«.nd infant H Hunter,
Mr. and Mrs. W. Metcalf, Mrs. J. McKay,
Mastrr D. McKay, Master G. McKay. L. V.
G. Gordon. Stewurt Williams, J. Douelas. H.
! E. Knctt. J. Groom, .fames Nawn, J. K. LorJ,
! Mrs. A. B. Masten. Mr. artd Mrs. r llum; and
j imant, Mrs. L. Meyerheine, C A. Poole, . H.
| S. Huches. Mip. M. llamcs artd Infant. J. V.
I Leur.aid. \V. 11. Anderson, Thomas Ryan. C.
J. Carroll. Mr. anJ Mrs. F. Winch, Miss
Winch. Miss Daisy Dunieis, K. T. Kane, T. F.
Day. W. Jones, Edwin Pardey, David Loquest,
P. J. llayrs, John A. Anderson, Menu
Coodoorey, Martin Dunn, S. K. Edwards, F. .1.
Londen, (k-orfie Caugios. George Stratis, W'il
1 liam Chapman, A. lleyerhetne.
Auckland— Sir. and Mrs. Scott, Miss R.
j Pickering, Professor W. A. Seteheli. Miss M<;-
I Cormlck, Miss L. McCormlck, Thomas Devan,
! Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Kline, Jlisa G. L. Hughes,
I H. T. Seymour, O. V. Davies. William T.
I Wflr. R. K. Murphy. Dr. T. . A. Black, F.
N'wman, A. W. D. Downing, J. Wolfenden,
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Hodgson, L. H. Hutton,
J. K. GeUKtdne, tlr and Mrs. Fraser and
child, Mr.--. Johnson, child r.nd infant. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Watson, F. H. House. G. C. Talbot.
W. H. Burton. F. F. Conelly, Elder H.
Christ,' nstn. Mr. and Mrs. Dumas, lour chil
dren and Infant. Morris Harris, Thomas Mac-
I farlan*. Jtmes Petrie, H. J. Young. T. A.
I GreenJiood.
' Pago Paro — Elder Goatss. Mrs. Zimmerman,
Miss L. Gates. S. V. McKenzie.
Honolulu — G. C. IiecUley Jr., J. II. Parker,
I Miss M. Mascn. Miss G. Mason. J. II. Mearns,
Mrs. M. Aldrich and three children, J. W.
I Nt-al and wife, Mr.- and Mrs. Wilcox and son,
I Miss K. Wilcox, J. P. Krdman. C. Du Roi. F.
R. W-?rthmueller, C. L. Stokes, Miss Laird,
1 J. F. FairlK C. C von Hamcn nnd wife, Mrs.
I Anderson and three children, J. Kallna. J. F.
1 Hartwell. Mrs. J. Ti. Hartwell Miss May
Stankard. Charles Uailey. Miss A. Dickie,
Miss E. Meek, Miss N. Meek, .1. H. Love. Miss
Lewis. A. N Campbell. G. F. Brown, A. H.
! Moffitt. Miss Falrlte, Mlas H. Henry, L. H.
I Thompson, G. H. Baldwin, Miss R. H.
I Thompson. Miss A. It. Thompson, Mr. and
I Mrs. A. Wlndt, Miss J. Forman, Miss Whiting.
I Mi*s A. Beyer, Mrs. Eley, Mrs.
; Fox F. Jenkins. Colonel G. W. Macfnrlane.
i J N. Smith. Mrs. G. E. Bennett, W. R.
! Hoar, Miss Hoar, Mr. r.nd Mrs. J. K. Burkett,
1 Mrs. W. C. Peacock, Miss Peacock, Miss W.
i Beal. Miss J. Rice. J. McCubhin, Miss Heln
j hardt, Georsc Reid. Mrs. Dodd. Mrs. Allen,
Mrs. M. Shinman. Miss Clara Shlpman, Miss
I C, Shipman, Miss G. Renton, Miss K. R?nton,
i S Deacon. Captain Bu«-klin and valet. Mr. and
j Mrs. W. H. Smith. T. S. Hall, Mr. Arms
j waldt. R. C Courtln, Miss Nev.-man, Mr. and
I Mrs. Bissell and son, Mrs. Pratt.
Tup Sea Rover. Thompson, 32 hours from
Sluslaw River. •
CLEARED.
Monday, August 8.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, Eureka; Pac Coast
S S Co. J
Stmr Montara, Reilly, Seattle: Pac Coast S I
S Co. 1
Stmr Queen. Cousins, Victoria. B C; Pac
Coast S S Co. '
Bark R P Rithet. MacPhail, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
SAILED.
Monday. August 8.
Stmr Queen. Cousins. Victoria.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, Rogers Land
ing, j
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka. -¦'
Stmr \Yhite*boro. Olsen, Point Arena.
Stmr Argo. Dunham. Eel River points.
Stmr Montara. Reilly. S<>a^tle.
Stmr Arcata. Macgenn, Coos Bay. .
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. .
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen. Coqullle River.
Schr Bessie K, Stark, San Vicente Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOROS— August S. 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind W; velocity 10 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
July 21— Lat 35 S. fong 41 W. Fr bark Bon
champ, hence Mar 15 for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 8— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Aug 4; schr Zampa, from Oyster
ville, in tow of stmr Acme. *"
Sailed Aug S — Stmr Acme, for Taeoma.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug ti— Bktn Geo C Per
kins, from San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Eureka he
Aug o. Ausr 8— Stmr North Fork, hence Aug 7.
Sailed Aug 7 — Stmr Alliance, for Astoria
Arrived Aug 8~stmr Pasadena, from San
Diego; stmr Mandalay, hence Aug B.
Sailed Aug S — Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco.
¦ SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 7— Schr S T
Alexander, from Grays Harbor; stmr Coqullle
River, from Crescent City; schr Fearlesa. from
Belllngham.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Aug 7— Ship Ja
bez Howes, from Port Townsend.
REDONHO— Arrived Aug 8— Schr Philippine
from Mukliteo; bktn Katie Fllckinger froni
Ballard.
Sailed Aur 8— Stmr Asuncion for San Fran
cisco. ,
BANDON— Sailed Aug 7— Schr Coquelle. for
1 San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 8— Schr Advance, hence July 25.
1 SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Aug S— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San"- Diego, hence Aug 7
TATOOSH— Passed out Aus S— Br stmr Cru
sader, from Victoria. B C. for Portland
SIUSLAW RIVER — Arrived Aug G— Schr
Sacramento, hence Aug 3; schr C A Klose, ho
Aug 3; both In tow of tug Sea Rover
VENTURA— Arrived Aug S— Stmr Asuncion,
from Redondo.
Sailed Aug S — Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 7 — Stmr
Chehalls and G C Llndauer. hence Aug 4
Sailed Aug 6 — Sohr Transit, for San Pedro.
Aug 8 — Schr Espada. for San Francisco
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 7— Stmrs
St Paul, from Nome; 5 p m — Stmr City of To
peka. from Skagway.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 8— Stmr Alliance.
' for Astoria, hence Aug 6.
POUT HARFORD— Sailed Aug 8— Stmr C003
Bay. for San Pedro. s
PORT CLARENCE— Arrived July 16— Schr
Fortuna. hence June 2.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BEACHY HEAD — Passed Aug 5 — Ger ahip
Willkommen. from Taeoma, for London; Br
bark Iredale. hence Mar 16 for Ipswich.
VENTNOR— Passed Aug 5 — Br ship Orm
sary, from Antwerp for San Francisco
LONDON— Arrived Aug C— Ger ship Will
kommen. from, Taeoma.
LONDON— Sailed Aug 6 — Ger bark Nlobe
for New York.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Aug 8 — Br stmr
Gaelic, hence July 16
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Aug 2— Ger stmr
Essen, for Manila. July 11 — Br bark Weathers
nfeld. for San Francisco. July 12 — Fr bark
Ernest Reyer, for San Francisco* July 10
Ital bark Fortunato Flgarl. for Honolulu; Br
bark Albania, for Panama; bark Reaper, for
San Francleco.
In port loading -July IS — Br ship Ardencralg.
for Portland: Br ship Dunreggan. for Portland-
Fr bark Emma Laurens, for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Aug 6— Br stmr Hi.
mera, from New York.
BARCELONA— Sailed Aug 2 — Spanish stmr
Isfa de Luzon, for Liverpool.
ALGOA BAY — Arrived Au; 8 — Nor bark Re
monstrant, from Geelong.
HAMBURG — Arrived Aug 5— Ger stmr Anu
bls, hence Mar 25.
FREMANTLE— Arrived July 6 — Br ship ¦
Khybf r. from Chemalnus.
TSINTAU— Sailed Aug 7— Schr Henry K
Hall, for Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Aus 8 — Stmr Min
neapolis, from London; stmr Noordara, from
Rotterdam: stmr Ethiopia, from Glasgow;
Btmr Zeeland. from Antwerp.
LONDON— Arrived Aug 8 — Stmr Mlnneton
ka from New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Aug 8 — Stmr Moltke.
from New York,- via Plymouth and. Cherbourg.
Aug 5 — Stmr Anubis. from San Francisco, Val
paraiso, etc, via London.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 8— Stmr v Lauren
tlan, from New York; stmr Sardinian, from
Montreal, via Liverpool.
.BOULOGNE^ — Arrived Aug 7 — Stmr Pretoria,
from New York. . .
TRIESTE^ — Arrived Aug 8— Stmr Slavonla,
from New York, via Naples.
PALERMO — Arrived Aug S— Stmr Ultonla,
from Trieste, etc. for Xew York,
, Sailed Aug 8 — Stmr Ultonla. from Trieste
and Flume, for New York.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Aub 8 — Stmr Empress
of India, from Vancouver for Kobe.' Nagasaki
Shanghai and Hongkong.
The schooner Zampa. which went ashore
nrar Oysrtrvllle, has been towed off by the
steamer Acne and is now at South Bend.
Schooner Zamoa Afloat.
When discovered by a sailor the cat had
pot away with all but half a dozen of the
pquid. Her face was stained with ths dark
huod fluid with which each Squid was plen
tifully supplied, but rhe was having the feast
of her life, and. anyway, had learned early
In life how to wash herself. •
Dr. Clarke has sent two of the squid to
David St.-.rr Jordan.
Dr. Clarke volunteered the waterspout theory.
It was the ship's cat that discovered the
squid. She was on deck for an early morning
constitutional. Suddenly from the sky came
a mesa of fresh fish, all alive. The first squid
the cat taeklc-d squirted an ink-like fluid hi
the feline's face, and 'for a while this foun
tain-pen feature of the heaven-sent meal mys
tified puss.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. I Due.
Ramses Seattle Aug. 9
Porno Point Arena £ Albion.. Aug. 9
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Aur. 9
Corona....... Humboldt Auk. 9
Rainier Seattle 8z Bellingham.. Auz. 9
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 9
Iaqua Seattle Aug. 10
Centralla.... San Pedro Aug. 10
Wyefleld Nanaimo Aug. 10
Aur*i!a Portland &. Astoria Aug. 10
Ean Pedro... San Pedro Au;. 11
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia.... A as. 11
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arrna Aug. It
Santa Rosa.. Kan Dlegro A Way Pts. Aug. tl
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 12
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 12
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Au? Vi
North Fork.. Humboldt Aug. 12
Coos Bay.... Pan Pedro & War Pts. Aug. 12
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Aug. 13
City Peking.. New York via Ancon.. Aug. in
gt. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 13
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Aug. 13
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. II
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Aug. 14
Sequoia WiUapa Harbor Aug. 14
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Aug. 15
State of Cal.. San Dlegr» & Way Pts. Au«r. 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Aug. IB
Coronado. ... Grays Harbor Aug. IS
G. W. Elder. . Portland A; Astoria I Aug. 17
Alliance Portland A Way Ports. Aug. 17
P«n Jose New York via Ancon. .{Aug. IS
Siberia China & Japan [Aug. 19
Queen Pug?t Sound Ports....! Aug. 19
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.) Pier.
. Anjrust 9. |
C. Nelson.. Humboldt 10 arc I Pier 20
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. (10 amiPier 2
Mariposa... Tahiti direct Ill am'Pler 7
August 10. I I
Leelanaw.. Seattle direct ....| 4 pmjPler —
Centralla.. Grays Harbor 4-pmiPierl0
Arctic Humboldt 9 amiPiw 2
G. W. Elder; Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Breakwater! Coos Bay | 5 pm Pier 8
< I Auyust 11.
S. Barbara.) Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humbo'.dt 9 am Pier 13
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPier 2
Ntwburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier lft
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pm Pier 2»
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amJPler 11
AUjpist 12. I
Ramses.... Hamburg & Way.. 12 mlPler T9
Rainier...: Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm|Pler 10
August 13. I
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmlPier 3
Newport... N, Y. via Ancon. 12 m.Pler 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 amiPier 9
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pmlPier 27
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmjPler 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
August 14. !
Pomona.... Huir.boldt 1:30 p'PIer 9
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way.l 9 amjPler 11
AU3~a*t 15. I I
North Fork. Humboldt j 5 pmlPier 20
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandlll amiPier 24
Arcata Coos B. A Pt. Orfdl 2 pmlPler 13
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.| 9 amJPler 11
August 18. I
Ventura... Sydney & Way.... 2 pm'Pler 7
Doric China & Japan.... lfpm'Plrr 40
T7matilla...l Puget Sound Ports lfamlPler «
St. Paul... I Nme & St. Michaell 2 pm'Pi-r —
G. Llndauer! Grays Harbor | |Pler —
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ' Destination. Sails.
Oregon Nome A St. Michael... Aug. 10
Bertha Seldovia & Way Ports, 10
Valencia... Skagway it Way Ports. Aug. 10
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Aus. 12
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward Ausr. 13
Garonne Nome direct Aug. 15
Banta Ana... Seldovia & Way Ports. Aus. 18
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. | Aug. 13
SHIP STAR OF RUSSIA, WHICH ARRIVED HERE OX SUNDAY FROM KARLUK AFTER A REMARKABLY SMART PAS
SAGE. SHE IS THE FIRST OF THE SALMON FLvEKT TO REACH THIS PORT. AND AFTER DISCHARGING WILL
GO NORTH FOR A SECOND CARGO.
Cal T I & T.115 — |Orpheum Co. — 15V£
Cen Bk Oak — 65 iPacC Cas Co. 130 —
Chutes Co..— 7 |Pac S Tel Co.100 1C2V4
City t C Bk- 120 IPac Sur Co.lf« —
C>-p L Imp.. — 6T4!Paraf Paint.. :(S —
East Dynm.230 — S K Drydock. 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — N> iFF&SJ Coal. — 2S
Do com .. — 60 |S J Wat Co. — 106
FX Bk Oak.120 — ISO & MTKbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 60o — iSwlss-A Bk..H5 —
Frnch-A Bk.100 110 I Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. 21 Vi 25 UR InC pfd. 4$t& —
Lon& SF Bk — «o Do com ... 11 —
Mat Nav Co. — 90
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Contlnned From Page Tliirtecii.
VENTURA BRINGS MANY PASSENGERS
AND A SMALL BUT VALUABLE CARGO
Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner Arrives From the
Antipodes and Honolulu— Freight Includes British
Gold Worth $1,000,000— Prominent People on Board
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY.. AUGUST 9, 1904.
12
RAJLWAY TRAVEL.
/"^ : ~H* % N V Trmlna leste ud ar» d «•
ffl^^Q^SAN FBANCTI8CO.
(Toot «t iUriot .1 «¦•!?,>
>'* T « - MAIN LINt. -aJStTT
JJOA VscartUe. Wtntert. P.ums«f ~ fgn;
7 00a Beaid*, Klralra tod SacrasMVM.. 7 '%"
7-30* vmajo, 5»p*. c*Il«o«a. S«aU ""*
___ Roa*. MartlMS. Baa namoa a jn-
7-XU Milaa. Tracy. Lalhrop, Stocltron.... limm
•-0O* SU*«« Eiptwm — (Via l>mTto>. '-**•"
{tor D«rUett 3pr!a«»».
WtHow*. tPnto. Ited BiaS^
Pw«na4. Tacvma. SeatUe...^. i».
M0a VaT!s.Woodh»d. Kainht* L*aO:»t, w
ALur^Ule. Calco, Ororilfe y^n-
M0*Po« Costa, Martlaez, Aattocb.
fiyroo. Ttmcj. Stoektea. Sow-
no. Loa 0*no». Matltti,
Armona. Baafont. Vlaalta,
Pertwrrtlle j«w
MOM Port Ooata. Uo«*sl*. Merced. * zw
Fremo, Oosaea JaneUnn, £Ua-
ford, Ttislla. Pakenneld 4.30
I JOR V lie*, Saa Jesa, LlTsraore. Stoe)c>
•on. (f Mistoa). loae. Sacnuneat^
Maryrrlll*. Cbte*. Be« Bluff ... «.K»
I JTO* e»kuai«. Chlaeae. JuMitrra, So>
wot*. Taolmnae »r»a A«f»!i 4.20v
INa AUaath-.Xxpres*— OadoQ axl Euv. I.28P
¦-3&A Klcttttxmd, MartSaes u4 War
SUttoas 850»
tOMATke OTerlaad UmiK>4-UsUx
Omaba. Chleag*. l>cor*r, Kansas
„ ._ Ctsj. Bi. L»mJ. $.20,
|0 BO* Vai>«J«»_ 12 20*
IOlMa Lo* A> cnl«4 raaaaager — Tm
L»»ro^. 8tockni.M1.eM;
Baynoita. 7rt»a». 4}««bca J«ao-
ttoa. fao'ord, Lesoore, VIcCia,
Baker* B*1«k Los Avxetee 7 ?C»
MMm Oarvard. 5!i«« »ixt W»f SUU«»«. 3 2C>
t1X0i>S«cra«eBtoR|-rer StMuaers 00-
J-M* Ben lei*. Tflmaro. Baer«man:o.
- Wax>41aa4. Willow. Katcr»t»
iwidlBK. 3C«T*rnie, OtotUU
•ai <r«r lUtlon 1Q.SB*
9ZBP Darward. JTUea and Way StaUoss.. 7 SOp
4«O
Cftll.<to«a. Santa Rr-a t M»
4 00p Ht>t. Tracr. 8tocktoa. LaJl 42Cp
4S0m Hujwat*. NP.rs. Irrlagioa. Bimt t8 50«
Jos«. UT*nn*re J tll.SQ*
»M»Tb< Owl Llntte4— N«»n>a. Lss
. »•»¦>•. Vr fl 4,,i,. Frcino. TaJUra,
_ _ B«kera*«l<l. L*« Aacslea 8 SfU
1S-30«> najw«rd. Nttea aad Saa Jete .^.. 72J*
COO* llsrvard. Vnesaud 5aa Jom. 3 50*
IN? Bantam EiprtM— Oydeo. OisiK
Cb:«-t<fo. Denxir. Kancaii tic,
f- 1. Lo»l«. via Mantne x, Sutckson.
Saertmaoui. Cn'fai. It«a» .. A2SS,
• .00^ T»i:<-jo. d«l!r. except Sna<lay.... I , ,._
7J9O»VaUe>». SnaOay only f 7 •°"
7XCP KldiDvcntf. sau F*i>Io. Port Costa.
Uart'nei an4 TTajr Stations 11.20*
7.C0#Beao PasseajBT— fort Coota. Snf
ran. KimlTa. Davit. Snrrsaeiitai,
TracSte, Laie Taboe, Beao,
T»«»pah. Sparks 7-Ma
f Cop Port Costs. UarMirez. Byraa.
Tracy. Lathrop. M • d e a t a.
llirc«'l, Berrads. Premo aod
Way Sittii'Si bf y.S'l Port Coaut r2-23"
8 CS* Teicnlte Valley, x:a fecreada and
W»wona '.....«. >.53a
(•OEpManlaee. Trscy. Sto«liw« tfl^Q*
KJ}&P Oregon St California Kxprets— 8ms-
ramento, Marytvllie, Residing,
r-.ru»nd. Facet Bonnd aJtd EmI. J-53*
i-lOF H»Tw»rd. Nlirs aad Saa J«a« fSua-
*«roc)T> 11-60»
COAST LI N E Harrow taafe).
(fo»tof Market 9tre».-t.)
"7^6jr*»nuCni»EicnnitoBtaaBda7OTily) 8 1C»
816a Kewark. OenMrrllle. Saa Jose,
Feltoa, Boalder Creek. B'* B»j>ln,
8*o:» Cm and Way 9tatfoaa... S 55 •
tt-l&A Alvarado. Newark. Saa Ju«<-, Loa
e*tn«,Gloawflo<l. Feltoa. Boulder
Creek. B!^P«!n. Saata Cm S-19»
12.15P Rrvark. Centerrllle. 5<w Joi*
New Alisaden. Ln* G;i:o«. Feiioa,
Boulder Crock, Saau Crt* aac
Principal Way Buttons m I9.SS4
4 tS» Kewartc, Saa J<m«, Los GaU« IS 56a
4.15j» Wrl*&t. Boalder Cnwk and Saata
Ctbx. Saturday and Sanday only. X-58a
COAST LINE itirtut Uaa.ev
XST C> atrd aau f»wrt**u<i Streets.)
6.10a 8»n Jo»eaad Waj SUtlons. B J.li
t/OOA Saa J»«e aa<t W*r SUUom. 6.409
7.15a Mont«r-y aad Saau Cra« Kzevr-
*lon (Sunday oaly) 10 -33»
1430a New AJmade-a (Toe«., FrbL. only). 4- \Cm
• 00a Tke Couur- Saa Jote. 8«:tnaa,
Sao Anto. Paa* Ro»'~<. B»nu
UargArtu. Saa La!« Oblsp*.Saata
Barbara. a»n BaesaTeniura,
MontalTO, Oxnard. Barkuk, Lm
Anjcles 19.49*
ff.80A Cl'.roy. Holllater. Castro-rEl*. Del
Moate, Pacific Orore, Surf, l*om- .
P«c 10-43* *
t.OQA *•» Joa«. Trea Piae«.WaUon-rtne,
Capttoia. SaaU Craa, PnetSa
6rore, Saltaa*. tea LuU Obtsp*
aad Prlac»T>».. Way Sutieaj. ... 4.T0»
tO48A S«u Jete sad Way OUUsoa. 1.20*
llJCAa»nw» Clara. Saa Jot*. U4 Gate* •
and "Way St»Hoa» 7^9*
1Jt# San Jote aac W»f Matloaa 8 3Sa
t5 Ufcp I>«t Moots Ezpr«*a (except Saa-
ii»f)-S»iin Clara. Saa Jote,
Wa««o«T4lIa. •»nta Croi. D«l
MeaM. Moaterer. Pirtflc Orore. M2-1S*
I-50»Burn3i(ame. S*n X>«*. Qltrer. lli»-
llrtar. Tret rtno».P»;»ro.TT»t«oj>-
rtne. Capitola. Sanu Cruz, Ca*>
tntvnie. Saliaas, Paclftc Grare.<. 10-45%
4 3O»S»n Jo»<- in4 w»jr Sutlou tS-QQA
tS COP SsaU Clara. 4ao Jtra, Lo« 6atoa,
Wiigtil »ad principal Way iH*-
Ucnt (except S«n<iaT) , rS COa
|5.30p> San J«««aBdPTiB«lp«l War Stations 19.40*
645p ttsBtel Expreaa.— Kedw«od. Saa
Jo»e. Olir-jf ,.-;»lintt.PaMK> KoWea.
Saa LiH* oaitpo. Paau B»rHarv
Lot Aoicetea, l>eialn«. tl Paso.
Ne-w 0rl«an«. New T»rk 7.10*
l.45pP»3»ro. WatsotiTtllr. Capitola. I - tn ,_
E»Bta Crm. Ca»troTllle, Del v ?•««•*
Voate. Paetflr 6ro»e \ ' •"•*"¦
•S15° -"" Mate»,l>eresfonl.BcliB«Bt.9Aa
Lar!oa. l>«lw.»»d. Fair O*Z*. I
Sienlo Park. Pato Al*> tft.4S«
630p StnJme and Way SUtloas. „ 8 34a
8 COp Palo Alto aad Way Sutloo* 10.15a
11 .Mip a«uth ±+n Praadseo. MUlbrae. Unt-
IIa««ids. San Mateo, Bolmoat,
s-r.u Carlo*. K«dwaod. Fair Uaks.
Mbbko Part and faJo Alto 9I'.»
rJ1-30«" ilarftelit. MouncaJa View. Sunny-
rale, Lawrence. 6aaia Clara aad
! aa Joae t9 45*
A for .Klorainfr. P for Afternoon
tSaala* cxcepMd. tSnadarvair
a Saturday only. ft Monday oaijr-
I&ujx ai al: suitloas am laaut
1 ¦ »
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE!
san remise*) ahu north pacific
RAILWAY COMPAirr.
'¦, Tibnros Terry, root al SCaxket Street.
i SAW TOAKCISCO TO SAW BATAEI^
1 WEEK DAYS— V:-t>, 8:00. »:00. U:u0 a. m:
12:35. 2:.1O. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:G0 and 11 ->J
p. n».
Saturday* — Fxtra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
Sl*ND\TS — 7:30. 8:C0. 9:30. ll:0O a. E3.: 1:31.
2:30. 3:40, 3:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. ro.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAW PKAWCXSCO.
WEEK I>AYS— 6:05. 8:50. 7.35. 7:30. 8.J\
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. 12:00. 3:10. 5:00. 5:J^.
*i:"5 p. in.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :45 p. m.
I SUNDAYS'— 6:50. 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:«
3:40. 4:5t>. 5:0l>. 5:^0. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExrept Saturdays. ._
Leav* I In Kffect I Arrlvo
San Fran. I May 1. 1004. 1 Pan Fr^n-_
Week 1 Sun- | Deatlna- I Sun- t J***fi
Pays, j days. | tion. !_da>»- I L»ay»._
THTai " 7:15 a! 7:45a
7-30a 8:COa| 8:40a|8:4(>»
8:COa »:Wa Isnacio 10:^0 a ( 10:20 *
2-30 D 2:30 P 6:00 p K^'o
Siiop 5:10 p J^P 7:25 »
7 :2> p
?l! 5 _?
7:30 a 7:30 a I ,I : £i *', T: *£ *
8:C0a S:COa Novato. 10:20 a;l0:2<> %
2:30 p 9:30 a Petalum» 6:20 pi * /JO p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 9
I S:10p{ Banta Rosa. 3:45 pi
7-30 al 7:30 al 10:20 »110:2i> a
8:00 al 8:00 a| Fulton. 7:2opj6:20p
2:30 p| 2:30 p| 3:45 p| 7:25 >»
"~ Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburr. 10:20alO:2ua
Lytton. '
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 pi 7:23 9
Cloverdale. |
7 :30 al 7 :30 al Hopland ]10:20a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 g
j j Willits. j j
7:30 a| 7:30 af Sherwood. { 7:25 p) 7:23 p
8:00 a| 8:00 at Guernevtllo and 110:20 ajH>-20 a
2:.!0pi 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. I 8:45 pi a.20 P
8:00 a 8:0O al 8:40 a| S:4O a
6:10 p 8:30 a Sonoma. «:00 pi 6:2t> t>
S:10p( Oim Ellen. ) 8:*5PI
;-.:iOat 7:3Oal 110:20 a|18:20 a
2:30p|U:30pl 8ebastopoL_ | 7:25 pJ_6:20 p
~ 'STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whit*
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Sprinss; at
p U lton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skass*
Springs; at Cioveniale for the Geysers. BooDi-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Knrlnss; at Ukiah tor Vichy Springs. Saratos*
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
bL-rlngs Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*a. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. HuUville. Orr'a Hot
Sprtngs. Halfway House. Cornptche. Cam?
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bran.
Westport. Usal; at Willits for Fort Brags.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Hania. Olnena.
Dyer. Gaxbervtlle, Pepperwood. ScoUa. and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Reund-trip tlcxets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronic*
bulldlns.
JAS. L. FRAZTER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen.jggg^*^,
WBBfly CillOO per Year
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page E3eren.
Byrne, William Murphy. Catherine C.
- Campbell, Anna M- O'Brien. J.
Caabel. John Payne. Frank H.
Coben. Benjamin Schmadeke. James J.
Cotter. Mamie E. BUva. John G.
namsworth Kaanle Fimpson, Thomas R.
' Flynn. Winifred Spellacy. Henry
Crave*. Mr». Ann 8. Totl. Alfxander
Htignea, Lawrence
BIGGT— In St. Louis. July 2S. 1904. Patrick
James beloved son of the late Terrenceana
the late Ellen Bigry. a. native of San jrran-
cisco aged SB years.
BISHOP— In Los Gatos. August 7. 1804. J^lley
6 Bishop beloved husband of Phebe A.
Bishop, father of Edna. Carrie and VUtj
• Blehop. eon of Mrs. S. Bishop of Lo« Oatoe.
and brother of Mrs. B. Davidson and V\ .
C. Bishop of this city, a native of Nova
Scotia, Canada. a«red 41 years and « months.
BROWN — In this city. August 7. 1904. Edward
• Brown, beloved husband of Irene Brown,
and father of Arthur M. Brown. Mrs. Jessie
H Jones. Mrs. Edith HaJton. Mrs. Esther
Crandel and Herbert H. Brown a native
of Leicester. England, aged 64 years 8
months and 2<J days.
CTThe funeral will take place Tuesday,
Aujrust 9. at 2 p. m.. from his late residence.
1823 Santa Clara avenue. Alameda. Cal.
Interment private.
BYRNE— In this city. Aufuet 7. 1904. William
Byrne beloved brother of Tnema* Byrne, a
' native" of the parish of Aughrtm. County
Roftcomraon Ireland, aged 64 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respeot-
f^'.ly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at — o'clock, from th» resi-
dence of his brother. 932 Ehotwell street,
thence to St. Peter"s Church. Twenty-fourth
and Alabama streets, where a solemn re-
' - culem mass will be celebrated for the re-
cose of his soul, commencing- at^— a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMPBELL — In this city. August 8. l«0i.
Anna Maria Campbell, beloved wife of Dav«
H. Campbell, and mother of Gertrude Mcln-
toeb. a native of Pennsylvania, aged 31 years
7 months and 17 days.
CA.6HEI*— In this city. August 8. 1904, John
Clashel. a native of Ireland, aged 59 years.
COHEN— In this city. August 8, 1604. Ben-
jamin Cohen, a natlv« of Russia, aged 51
years.
COTTER— In this city. Auruet 6. 1904, at her
residence, 1369 Stevenson street, Mamie £.,
beloved daughter of Catherine and the late
Maurice Cotter and Flster. of Peter J.,
Thomas 6.. Katie, Nora and the late David
T. Cotter, a native cf San Francisco, aged
SS years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are reypect-
fuly invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
August 9. at 9:30 a. m.. from her late re.-!-
tlen<"e. 1369 Stevenson street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem j
hlg-fc mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her eoul. commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FARNSWORTH— In this city, Aucu»j_ 8, 1904.
Fannie P.. wlf». of the late D. L. Firns-
«or»h, and mother of Lotta and Silas Farns-
*ortb. a native of New Hampshire.
CFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. Aupust 10. at 2 p. m., at her
late residence. 1775 Golden Gate avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FL.YNN — In this city. August 6. 1904. Wini-
fred, relict of the late Dennis Flynn. de-
voted mother of Mrs. A. B. Emslie (nee
Piice). arid lovlns grandmother of William
E. and John A. Emslie. a native of Ireland.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fu'.ly invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Tuesda>i. at 9 a. m.. from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Hros.. 224-226 McAllister
ttreet. thence to t*c Rose's Church for
eerrte»s. Interment Ho'.y Cross Cemetery.
C HAVES— In this city. August 8, 1S04, Mrs.
Ann S. Graves, titter of David Eaundersoii,
and eunt of Mrs. C B. Perkins, a native of
Yorkshire, England, aged fcO years 6 months
and IK days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
«o-day (Tuesday), at 2 p. m... at her late
residence. 75S Haight street, between Pierce
and Scott. Interment private.
HUGHES— In this city. August 8. 1904. Law-
rence. beloved 6on of William H. and Lo-
rrna Huphes. and brother of Margaret. Jen-
nie. Emily. Bessie. Willie, Maud. Alice and
Leoa Hughes, a native of San Francisco,
ac»d 1 1 years 2 monthB and 19 days.
E3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), at 1 :30 p. m.. from his late
residence. 251 Cher.ery street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KIRKLAND — In this city. August 8, 1904 Dr.
. R. M. Kirkland, beloved father of Mrs. C.
H. Huffman. Mrs. C. J. Jones of Oxnard. A.
". R. Kirkland of Stockton and the late Mrs.
J. Kv Jcnes of San Francisco and B. S.
Kirkmnd of Madera, Cal.. a native of Mis-
souri, aired l % years 5 months and S days.
tTVun'raffand interment private. Kindly
omit flowers.
LAMBIE— In this city. August S. 1904. at his
' residence. 1004 Thirtieth avenue South, cor-
ner of G street South, John Lambie, dearly
bt loved hushand of Catherine Lambie. a na-
tive of Scotland, aged fc"2 >ears 10 months
and 5 days.
LINDKRMAN— In this city. August 7, 1904.
Martha Josephine Llnderman belo\-ed wile
-of D«!l Linderman and daughter of Robert
K. and Harriet Thomson.
ZyTVif- funeral will take place Tuesday.
August ft. from her late residence. 1501 Van
Xt.^b avenue. Funeral service and crema-
tion irivate.
MrrcPHT— In Oakland. August 8. 1904 at 939
Pinf street. Catherine t;., beloved daughter
,f-r Ororgt H. and Kittlr Murphy, and sister
of George. Sherman. Yvonne and Dorothy
Murphy, a native of Oakland, aged 4 months.
O'BltlEN — In this city August 7 1904. J.
O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged 60 year:;.
PAYNE— In Berkeley. AuguM 8. 1304. Frank
Howard Payne. M. D., beloved husband of
Mary KarJe Payne, a native of Fremont,
all-. a;red ."V{ years 9 months and S days.
C7Frierdp and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
WednrKday. August lit. 11)04 at 2 p. ra., at
Od.J Fellows' Hall, comer of Shattuck ave-
nue and Addison street. Berkeley. Incinera- !
tion at Oakland Cemetery, private. ]
SCUMADEKE- At Tuscan Springs. August 7,
l'.«J4. James J. Schmadek* of Angels Camp! j
tH-loved husband of E*t?lia Schmadeke, and !
fatli»r of Jame*, aqd Hazel Schmadeke a na-
Uve of Downievm*. Sierra County Cal.,
a^d 40 years and 5 months.
E7Kottce of funeral hereafter Remains
at the parlors of Halsted & Co. S46 Mis-
sion street.
SII .' V "\~ Near "ay wards. August 7. 1904. John
o. bilva, beloved son of John and Fele-
nicna. Silva. and brother of Mary. Ethel.
Lizzie, Minnie. Ruth. Loraine and Manuel
Mlva. a native of California, aged 25 years
11 months and 10 days.
EyFnends and acquaintances are respect-
luly invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
August 9. at 10 a. m.. from All Saints'
< liurch. where a requiem high mass will be
".(brated for the repose of his 60ul. In-
terment Catholic Cemetery, Haywarda
SIMPFON— In this city. August 8. 1904.
n.oruas Randolph, son of the late Dr James
" r-alifor"'a an<1 Ada *"' Kimp8On - a native of
.»5?' 1 l r "'r !s ar '" i;(v « ! P'"ctfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Tuesday, August 9
19*4. it :; p. rr... at the chapel 'of N. Gray'
£ ( o.. ;.*l Sutler street. Interment private, j
He^ AC i.T In^ l w is city - Au «rust 7. VjOi.
llenp. beloved brother of John and George I
ul ,1 C < y 'j% rS - 2*£2f. and iIrs - Thomas and 1
..lie lat* Ldward fopellacy. a native of Wie- 1
consul, aged CS ytare.
fe^C/¦^he funeral will take pUce to-day
JPSStei ?! * *• m - froal parlors cf
Mcl-adden. McBrearty & Green II n Mission
£ES tY \* r Z l °., Sl - - Charles Borromel'.
¦Church. L;i.'ht~-!:t!i and Shotwell elr eets !
?Vl er --.f rtH4U * lem maa: ' wlu be celebrated for i
" rntTl?ly cYo^eteVV^ 0 £ * lBter I
rather of George. AlUrt and Haw»i # ToM
ps^Lg. luiy - ased 4 - 3ea « « -^i
C7Friesds and acquaintances are respect -
. fully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (W«lne sda} ). ,t 1 p . nl.. a? S"
parlors of Valcnie. Mirial & Co i"»4
Stockton street, between Green and" Union
ther.ce to the Italian Ometery. Lnl °n.
CARD OF THANKS
Mrs. Dittmar.n desires to thank her friends
e.nd acquaintances, as well as the members
. of the gan Francisco Schuctz-n Ladies' V^
. rein, for the kindness and sympathy extended
her in her recent bereavement.
CARD OF THANKS
Vie wish to thank our many frlende for
the beautiful floral offering*, sympathy and
Lioness in our late bereavement of my wite
and our mother. Catherine Uastlan
PHILIP BASTIAN AND FAMILY.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 3L
- MONAHAN, 0'HARA & U0
IS $££££**
ban Francisco.
KEAL< KSTATE TKAXSACTIOXsT
MONDAT. JULT 8.
Patrick H. and Mary Murphy to Pierre and
Je-an Ducassc, lot on E line of Webster etreet.
Wt N of Kllbert. X «0 by E 110; |lo 6lreet «
Arthur F. and Adelaide M. Bridge to Lizzie J
li.-iupl.iU. lot on W line of Fillmore tstreet'
<^:«; N of Union, N 25 by W 100; $10
Kbtate of Ellen Phllpott (by John C Cal-
!ai,-fcan and Thomas J. Sullivan, executors) to
Solomon Levy, lot on N line of McAllister
etret-t, 50 W of Lyon. W 25 by N 100; |4250
V/UIianr W. and Carrie F. Hednall to Mar-
trEretta J. Wlgg. lot on W line of Masonic
avenue, 84:6 Jf of Waller street, N 30 by W
lWJ:3i 510.
Pacific Improvement Company to Jesse W.
Hamilton, lot on W. line of Clayton street.
1-00 s of Frederick. S 25 by W 100; $10.
Uary A. Cooney to Edmund Cooney, lot on
E line of "Wood street. 125 S of- Point Lobo»
avenue, g 25 by E 144:7; gift.
Edmund Cooney to John F. McGinty, same;
SIO.
W. «xd Earab A. KeCernan (Clarke) to De-
Ila Clarke. lot on W line of Angelica street,
195 S of Nineteenth. S 25 by W 73; ?10.
Len D. and Isabella P. Owens to J. Charles
Green. lot on E line of Mission street 40 S
of Twenty-second. S 40 by E 122:6; $10.
Belinda and William A. Newsom to Nicho-
las V. Hanson, lot on E line of Fair Oaks
street, 135 N of Twenty-sixth. N 25 by E 125;
$10.
Sarah B. Cox to Loul* Bartlett, lot on 8
line of Elizabeth street. 280 W of 'Noe. W
25 by S 114: $10.
Estate of Michael Coleman (by Francis Mey-
ers administrator) to Joharmah Marx, lot on
E line of Diamond street, 19S N of Eighteenth,
N 25 by E 125; $1200.
Mary Coleman to same, same; $10.
Annie Coleman to same, earne; $10.
Frances A. gaxe (wife of Charles G.) to l«na
C Butte. lot on E line of Homestead street,
lie S of Twenty-fourth, 8 0:1% by E 125: $10.
Grace C. Euphemia R. and Fannie J. U.
Brans to Euphemia Bruns, lot on SE corner
of Union and Jones streets, E 46:2 by S 120;
|30.
Albert Meyer to Fannie E. McMahon (wife
of Frank), lot on W line of Seventeenth ave-
nue, 125 N of I street. N 37:6 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Estelle F. Beedie,
lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 173 N of I
street. N 25 by E 120; 510.
Same to Anna A. Flynn. lot on W line of
Forty-second avenue, 150 S of Q street, 8
25 by W 120; also lot on 8 line of Q street,
57:6 W of Forty-second avenue, W 25 by S
100; $10.
J. W. 'Wright & Sons Investment Company
to H. S. Martin, lot on E line of Twenty-ninth
avenue, 150 S of P. street, S 50 by E 120;
?10.
Jphan F. Bernard to Wilson Averell. lot on
S line of East Park, 125 W of Laurel avenue.
W 25 by S 100, lot 25, block 7. Holly Park;
$200.
Julius C. Rels to Kmil and Mary Kaufmann.
lot 24, block 3, Retea Tract: grant.
R. P. Quinn to J. J. Morey. lots 5 to 12,
block 40, Stanford Heights Tract: $10.
6. Ducas Company (corporation) to Carlo
and Mary Backlne, lot on S corner of Eight-
eenth avenue and S street. SE 1C0 by SW 100.
block 872, O'N>il & Haley Tract: $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Eupene A. Mu-
laney. lot on SiV line ot Madrid street. 300
SW of Brazil. SW 25 by NW 100, block 28,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contracts.-
Hattie E. and E. G. Ely (owners) with J.
Pritchard and F. C Wehland (contractors).
architect — All work for a story and a halt
frame cottasre on the B line of Thirty-sixth
avenue. 250 X of Point L«obos avenue. N 25 by
E 120, outside lands 210: $2150.
T. J. Crowley (owner) with A. P. Glidden
(contractor), architect Philipp Schwerdt— A U
•work for a three-stcry and partly four-story
fr*me buildin; (six flats) on SW corner of
Hayp and Fillmore street*. S 25 by W 106:3;
tlS.130.
William C Kewln (ownfrt with E. Klein A
Co. (oontractorr). nrchitect — All work for
p two-story frame buildine on lot 7. block I»,
SprecUels Fubdivisicn, blocks A. B and L),
Park Hill Homestead Association No. 2: $4600.
Mary C. Paul town*r) with A. F. Dpvrrsux
Jr. (contractor). architect — Alterations
and additions to building c:i S line of Cle.nent
street. S2 E of Fourth avenue. E 28 by S
100; $1200. \ .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
1 CALIFORNIA ti
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO H
I LEAVES KOSDATS and THURSDAYS f§
E at f):30 a. m., tfcrougtfi In 3 days, II
& with diner and all trapping*. |3
Other Saate Tm Tralaai
I : |ft *" m * I tor Stockton. Fresno. Bakersneld,
8:00 p! ml J Merced. Hanford and VUalla.
4 :C0 p. m. for Stockton. !
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OPriCES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. 7. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 37 South First at-
San Jose.
i^^^^j TOSANRAFAEL.
JMa^HM R0SS VALLEY -
jp3psp?ppg MILL VALLEY,
VXiZ.iil/ILX\V// HW»
W^X^^^^^^ Via Siuaalito Terry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, wwlc daya. at
6:30, 7:10. T:43. 8.30. 9:15. 10:OC\ 11:00 a. m.
(11-40 a. m. Kausalito only). 12:20, 1:45, 3:15,
4:C0, 4:35. 5:15. 3:30. «:^5. 7:15. 9:0u. 10:20.
II -35 p. m Sundays and legal holidays depart
at' 7-10 7:45. 8:^0. 9:15. iO:00. 11:00, 11:4a
a m 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:3ft, 3:15. -1:UO. 4:35.
5:15. 3:50. tf:"5. 7:13. 8:15. 0:00. 10:'^0. Il:o3
p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, week Cays, (5:17.
7-00 7:35. 8:15. 8:43. 0:."5, 10:20. 11:06 a- m..
12:05. 1:25. 2:P0. 3:33. 4:20. .VC5, 5:40. 6:15.
«j-55. *7:55 10:00. 11:25 p. m. \ On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05,
6 :.'>u p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3-15 p m. 6:15 p. m (ex. P«t.). On Sundays
and l-'eal holidays at 7:45, 5:30, 9:15. 10:00.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1 :W>. 1:45. 2:33. 7:i4
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
0:13 a. m. fcundayu only — Kcr Point Keyed.
«tc.
3:15 d. m. tally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m. daily except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Caradero. etc
TICKET OFFICE— C28 Market St.
FERRY — i:nion Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Via SLiialit* ferry! Arrive
Ban Ftaudw | t**t *f a*:Vrt St. | San FrancMQO
We«k S«a- J- *53S<«^ Sui- Week
Days. days. /£S%S-55>K ) »i !l U
! "8307 BSSWfe*^ 12:46 f« 8:45*.
.10:00 a l^SNKiv^ 1 2:05 P*1 1:05 a
10:00a 11:00a V&ti»>/ 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:45 r 12:20 p 'S*5^3 ? B : 40 p 6:16 »
1:15 r 1:4ft p T&&7 6:15 r 10:01 f
I 4:38 r 8:50 p
• lia Srwttr Car. • J . T»«a»paii U BH1 TalWy.
Ticket }63t Makkkt 8t. (Kerth Hhore Railroad)
Opfigks land Sadbauto Fkkky. foot Market S*.Continued on Pa£O TweJhro.
COFJfEE — Spot Rio, firm; ••> No. 7 . invoice,
7$ic; mild, firm; Cordova. y 9^@13c. The
coffee market- closed steady at an advance of
B®10 points] Sales, 182,250 bags, including:
September, <6.30@G.40c; Decemb<»s, (j,60<$3.7Oc;
WHEAT — Receipts. ¦ 8000 bushels; .exports
78,800 bushels. Spot, strong; No. 2 red, nom
inal, elevator; No. 2 red, $1 07 f. o. b afloat
There was another sensational advance, . in
wheat to-day with the. public a heavy buyer
on calamity news regarding the spring wheat
crop outlook. All previous -high record prices
were smashed and the market closed 3££3%o
higher. May, $1 03%; September, $1 05; De
cember. |1 04}».
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
.NEW TORK. Aug. 8.— FLOUR— Receipts
12,200 barrels; exports, 4300 barrels; market
held higher.
New York Grain and Produce.
GAM.E — Wild Doves, 40®50c per dozen; Hare,
$1 25@1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, |1 50
@2 per dozen. ., -
Two cars of Western Poultry were received,
one of which went direct to a leading retailer.
The car that was placed on sale in the whole
sale market met with a good demand $7 50
per dozen being the ruling price for Hens.
Receipts of domestic stock were very light aa
usual on Monday, and offerings consisted
chiefly of email yo*ng stock that had been
carried over. from Saturday. Trade was very
quiet in that Una of .goods, and prices, were
nominally unchanged. Wild • Doves came to
hand In very poor condition and had to be
sold at lower prices. liars and Rabbits were
In good request at steady rates.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 159170 per lb for
Gobblers and 14®15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25®1 SO; . Goslings, $1 5061 75; Ducks. $49
4 60 per doxen for old and $4 50*55 for young;
Hens, $5 50®0 for large and $4 5008 for small:
young Roosters. $797 50; old Roosters, $4 60©
«:- Fryers $4 B0®5 60; Broilers, $3®3 50 - for
large and $2 5O@3 for small; Pigeons, $190 per
dozen for old and $1 25{M CO for Squabs.
Poultry _ and Game.
NEW TORK. Aug. 8.— Cotton futures opened
firm: August, 8.0SC; September, 9.85c; October,
0.72c; December, 9.69c; January, 9.72c* March*
9.76c bid; May, O.SOc bid. Spot quiet 20
points advance; middling uplands, 10 05c- mid.
dllngs. 10.10c. Sales, 6(W bales.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— To-daySi statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows available
cash balance, $151.0!)6,631 ; gold. $44,313,615
Condition of the Treasury.
Foreign Futures.
- —
LIVERPOOL. „. M .
Wheats • Sept. r> c "
Opening r. 10% 61194
C 10 * 1 "* - •p A Ris.". 61 ° % «««
Wheat— . . Aug. Nov.-Feb
Opening ....'. 2180 22 75
Closing 21 S3 22 70
Flour —
Opening 29 40 20 SO
Closing 29 40 2990
Si. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 8.— Wool firm, with a good
demand. Medium grades combing and cloth
ing. 20@25%c: light fine. l(J@20c; heavy fl ne
12®16c; tubSvashed. 22@35c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE Aug. 8. — Clearing*, $720,043: bal
anee». $44,703. • - * -
. TACOMA, 'Aug. 8.— Clearings, , $310,645; bai_
ances $25,704.
PORTLAND, Aug. 8.— Clearings. $840,446
balances, $61,650. • '
¦SPOKANE. Aug. 8.— Clearings, $379,578
balances, $158,746. - '
v, Northern IV heat Market.
OREGON.
;. PORTLAND, Aug. 3.— Wheat— Shipping'
Meat. Market.
Prices remain as quoted at the close, of the
week, with the exception of the less desirable
»rraden of Beef and Mutton, which are lower.
Top prices remain as' before. Nevada con
tinues to send In liberal lines of Sheep and
Lambs. There is nothing new in Hogs.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates frost slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 5@6>£o for Steers and 4Q5e per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 5@7c: small. 768c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@Sc; Ewes, 6H97c
per lb.
LAMB— 9ig9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6>^©S^c per In.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered. In San- Francisco, less CO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Ste*rs. 7%©7%c: Cows and
Heifers 5«4®6>,6c: thin Cows. 465c per Ita,
\ CALVES — »@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wtthers. 3%©3%c; Etfres, S©3J4c
per lb .gross .weight). •
LAMBS — ?2 50@2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4%O4T&c
200 to 250 lbs. 41.5c; 130 lbs and under, 4Hc:
over 250 lbs, 4%,c; soft Hogs, nominal; Sows.
20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent' off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. $5 1565 25: San Quen
tin. $4 75; Wool bags. 30@32c; Fleece Twine.
7J4c; Fruit Bags, 6UfJ!7%c for whlt« and 7c
for brown Jute. I Inff 'MHIiin ' 'IT' ' II f ILL '
• COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton, $8: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $8 SO: Beaver
Hill. $5 SO; Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. J5 50; Greta/ $7; Wallsend, $7; Richmond
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania .Anthracite Egg,' -$14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 60; Canne!. $s 50 per ton; Coke. $1100013
*er ton In bulk and |is lo tacks; Rocky Moua-
• ••*" . • H2Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
. ~ •*'. "SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. R— 5 p m .
•. " Th«? following maximum and minimum tem
¦ peratures are reuorted for previous day:
' Borton 84-68|New Orleans. R0-7*»
.Cincinnati :HWQ\ FTiiladf-Iphla 85-72
.-Jacksonville SK-72, Washington .... >«-(;s
6L LAuis. 18-68) New York 86-70
. ' SAN FRANCISCO 5S-52
'. *. , THE COAST RECORD. — ~
• '- ' - . - * o Z "s O 2
:•¦• ' 2 ?!|f*| \l §
.-.tv™.^ 1 ||||pl M I
¦-.-••¦••• j if = 1 f
BW;«r ....*... 23. SC J»0 r,4 NW Clear Too
•"Ca'rson 29.82 90 m \v Cloudy .OC
E»:rfka .......30.02 M r.2 W Cloudy .00
Kr»«no 29.80 I OS 74 NW Clear 00
K.E. Varallon'. :».!?» f.<5 S2 NW Foggy .00
• K:«ir"stan* 29.r»2 74 1,1 SW Cloudy 1.1«
• Porat«-lJo 29. *2 »2 M P\V Clear .00
"In/lependeace .TJ.^H '.*<> 71 NW Cloudy .00
•Lot Angele S ..29.f»2 SC <H SW Clear .00
'ift Tamslpats.29.n3 *-2 77 W Pt.Cldy .00
: North Head.. 30. C2 MS .12 j NW Ciou'Iy .00
•J'b^nlx ,.23».74 1«2 S2 W Pt.Cldy .00
Point Reyes. .21* .«5 54 r><» NW Foggy .00
.Portland '. 23. R« «5 62 NW Cl^ar • .OO
Hwf Biufi 29.78 »« 70 SE Clear .00
KoftetjHrz 'JS.tM »2 S« NW Clear ' .O0
"8a ef a'mrnto . :2».M 78 6« S near .00
"ftalf'Lsk* 29. S4 1)2 <W NW Pt.Cldy .00
30.00 M 52 W Cloudy Tr.
¦Sail V. Obljspo.2a.M4 78 R4 NW Cloudy Tr.
F^n *Diego 23.34 7N CO W Clear .00
r>atll» ..." 2».O6 70 ¦ M W Clear .«>
;F»okane .....29.S2 91 62 W Clear .ftf)
•TfirjoWh 50 OO
• Wa-ya . tVaIU.20.M0 08 «U PW Clear .OO
'.Winneiaucca .29.S2 « M W Clear .\00
' T um * 23.74 102 78 W gear .00
W.BATHEB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
* . . FORECAST.
• Unset tltd weather continues in the fater
>^.ir.'n!n region, and conditions are still tin
¦*',v *ble or for traveling through Southern
J" -"e\-ac"i, Southern Utah and Arizona. Thunder
<rms are reported at Independence, Modena,
Viagstaff and Phoenix. At . Flagstaff 1.16
«'r/ hes or rain «r* reported. At Modena high
• •oaUiT'est wind nrevails.
. In- »e northern Lalf of the valley of the
Colorado local *toiro« of some »everity may be
: exp«tt«!.
•- Cootftr weather prevail* In the interior of
£&21f ornla. V
Miscellaneous Markets, j
ONIONS— Sllverskins, $1 10@l 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn 50c<g$l per
sack; crates, from Alameda, $1<51 50;. from
Berkeley. $1; Green Peas, l@3c per lb;
String and . Wax Beans. 50® 75c per
sack;' Lima Beans, 2>&(£3c per lb; Toma
toes in small boxes.' nominal: large open
boxes, 25ig-40o; Summer Squash, 25@35c per
box; Cabbage. 75c per ctl; Carrots, $.1 per sack;
Cucumbers. 25@40c per box; Picklp Cucumbers
nominal; Garlic, 2%«T4c per lb; Egg Plant,
35&4Oc per box; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green
Okra 50@60c per box: Green Peppers, 35®40c
per box for Bell and 25®40c for Chile; Mar
rowfat Squash, $15<g20 per ton. : V
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river.
85c@?l 15 per ctl In sacks and $1@1 25 per
ctl in boxes; Salinas Burbanks. $1 50*91 65 per
cti; Watsonville Burbanks, $1 25@1 50: Early
Rose. 88r**$l: Garnet Chiles, 85c@$l; old Po
tatoes, nominal.
The market for new white Potatoes wai
quiet and weak at easier prices. Supplies
were far In excess of. the demand, as nearly
all* of Saturday's belated arrivals were still
on hand and fresh receipts were unusually
heavy. Sweet Potatoes from Coachella were
offering at 6c and a few small lots from Mer
ced sold at 3%c per pound. Onions continued
weak. -but prices were no lower.
. Fresh arrivals of Tomatoes were lighter than
usual and the best stock did a little better,
with occasional sales of small parcels reported
at 50c per box. Offerings of Lima Beans wer«
chiefly of poor quality and met with slow
sale at the previously quoted rates. The other
vegetables were In free supply and generally
weak. r
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Cons money. ...RS 5-lfllX T Central 121
Do acct 88 7- 10! Nor & Western... Ki%
Anaconda 31i.\ Do pfd ;.., ni
Atchlson SO%|o n t & Western... 32
Do pfd HO I Pennsylvania . ». . «1«
Bait & Ohio K7^> Rand Mines . 1014
Can Pacific 12R^IReadln«r . 27
Ohes & Ohio 35V4J Do l«t pfd 43«
Chi Great West.. 15 [ Do 2d pfd 35
Chi. Mil & St P.lMtilSo Railway 26U
De Beers 18141 Do pfd fliu
Den & Rio G.... 22%ISo Pacific ,. Mti
Do pfd 73U| Union Pacific ftO
Erie 2S%| Do ufd »h
Do 1st r>fd CR IU S Stert I2»i
Do 2d pfd 3R>4I Do pfd ........ 62%
HI Central 137*4lWabash 17U
Louis & Nash 120Ui Do pfd 37
M. K & TexaR... lO^ISpanlsh 4s ... 85V4
Bar silver— Dull. 26 13-16d per ounce
Money — 2»i©3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2T^«3 per cent- and for three
months bills 2%®3 per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4Uo per lb;
No. 2. 3%c: grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 17@19c: San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months'. 10®12c; do 7 months', 0011c per lb;
Middle Counties. l"iiJ17c for free and 12315c
for defective; Northern. 16©18c for free and
14@16c for defective: Nevada, 13®16c. accord
ing to condition.
. HOPS— Nominal at 25@27%c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1003. Contracts for 1904 crop are quoted
at 17@21c.
HIDES AND SKINS— Colls and brands sen
about ViQlc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium. 0c: light, 8>4c: Cow
Hides, S@8%c for heavy, and 8<3SHc for light;
Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 0c; Salted Veal 10c-
Salted Calf, lie: dry' Hides. 16c; dry Kip". 13c
dry Calf, ISc: Sheepskins, shearling*. 25@40c
each; ehort Wool. 40<8«5c each; medium. 75a
90c: long Wool. $1«1 50; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2®2 50 for medium, $1 25
@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides,
dry $1 75 for iarge and $1 50 for medium. $IQ
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. ' Buck Skins —
Dry Mexican. 30c: dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. ro@32^c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do. $1 23;
large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c; small.
20c.
Hides, Tallow, Woo! and Hops.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— Stocks proved un
able to withstand the effect of the snail wheat
market to-day, although ther« was sturdy
rcListance early. Danger of a rupture of the
steel billet pool and an open market for
finished steel products was another shadow
upon the market and its effect upon United
States Stct-i preferred gave it a strong sym
pathetic influence on the whole list. In face
of the flood of damage reports that poured
into Wall street from the Northwest and the
wheat market of tbe country and of the sen
sational jump in the price of wheat the early
firmness of the grain carriers gave way in
the latter part of the day under rather free
ofToringK. The influence of on? or two strong
spots in the 'trading had meantime passed
away. .Sugar rose with sustaining effect on
the list from the belief that a large fruit
crop would make a large demand from the
canning indurtriex. Metropolitan Street Rail
way's advance was due to the often revived
rumors of a combination with the inter
borough rapid transit. The cancellation of
the engagement of $2,500,000 gold for ship
ment to London was of some sentimental bene
fit. The weakness of the iron and steel
stocks was traceable to the accusation made
against the Republic Iron and Steel Company
of converting iron Into steel billets for the
Plttsburjr Steel Company at prices that made
th» operation equivalent to a cut of $4 per
ton in the pool's price for steel billets. Re
ports of special meetings of the steel pool to
be held this week to consider the situation and
aReertions that disruption of the pools and an
ni-cn market for steel products" would result
brought a pressure upon United States Steel
preferred which cost It almost a. loss of 1%
pointB. Weekly traffic reviews by railroad
official* were of a favorable and hopeful tenor
and the later recovery In the stock market
reflected a cheerful undertone In the specula
tion. The closing.' however, was heavy.
• Bonds were irregular. Total sales, par ¦
value, f 2.223.O00. . •
United State* i.< rvin were unchanged on- call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atc u! eon •;; 20 ' 500 78 % 78 % 7T %
Atchlson pfd 200-90% 9ti% ' 8614
lairrShio?^::. f- 200 85 * *«*^8«
SnttJ:c r : .. 7o ° &H&!2H&gi£
Chesapeake & Ohio. 300 34T4 34 34
8K8rA2SSi":i 3 : 200 40% : &¦
Chi Great Western. 1,000 UU. H" lit?
Chicago & N W... 200 179 17814 178
Chi Term- & Trans. ..... Xt ip
Chi T & T.pfd ' "•*" ,2{?
C. C. C & St LouK. ..... . •¦••• -731?
Colorado Southern. 300 14 ii" J^s?
Colo South 1st pfd. ..... . Ifi/J
Colo Eouth 2d pfd I* •"• j«{?
Dels. & Hudson.... 400 160 leo" ivu?
i Del. Lack & West. ... Vna
Denver & Rio G... 100 22W *>il£ "?ii
Den & Rio O pfd.. ...„ .... * W&
Erie 2.S0O 25% 24*4 ••-.
Krie 1st pfd....... 1.100 63% 63i?
Erie 2d pfd 100 37H 37W 37S
Hocking Valley r * #2
Hocking Valley prd '."' r^/J
Illinois Central.... 1.700 135 133U i^a?
Iowa Central 300. 18 is£
Iowa Central pfd • . " i,v
K C Southern '" S?S
K C Southern pfd ».... 42 ;
Louis & I^ash 2,100 117^*117 mii
Manhattan L. 300 160 >4 150 1B0
Metropolitan Seca.. 6.S00 SOV- S74& 8744
sletropoJlUn St Ry 38.300 12114 118% 120
Mfexlcan Central .. • 000 tf U. '- qu, «u
Minn & St Louis .... 47^
M. St P & 8 S M. 1.500 » 71^4 71% 71
»I.StP Sc SS M pfd 1.000 129 127 126
Missouri Pacific... -3.100 0:^; 02%' 83
Mo. Kan & Texas. '1,000 18 '1S%" 1SJJ
New York Stock Market.
HOGS— Receipts. 4000. Active. 6c higher
heavy. |5@5 10; mixed. $5 05@5 10; light, $5 10
@5 20: pigs, $4 50@5; bulk. $5 05©>5 15.
• SHEEP — Receipts, 2100. Steady. Western
yearlings, $3 G5@4 20; wethers, $3 23@3 75;
ewes, $2 75@3 25; common and stockers $2®
3 4(»; lambs, $4 75@5 90. ; *
OMAHA. Nebr., Aug. 8.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 20CO. Best steady, others lower. Na
tive steers, $3 75@5 95; cows. and heifers, $2 75
(04 50; Texas steers, $2 50@3 60; cows and
heifers," J2(g3 50; canners, $1 25®2; stockers and
feeders, $2 50'<j3 85; calves, $2 75@5; bulls and
stags, $2(Q4.
Omaha
HOGS — Receipts, 4000. Strong to 5c higher
Bulk. *5 13fr5 .55; heavy. $5 HXM-5 25; packers
$5 loan 35; pigs and lights, $5@5 40.
' SHEEP — Receipts. 3000. Steady. Muttons
£3250175; lamb». $4@(i25; range wethers!
$3 50©4 7a; ewes, $3@3 75.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 8.— CATTLE — Re
celpts, 8O0O. Steady. Native steers. $4@f5 13;
native <fows and heifers, $1 75*/ 5 15; stockers
and feeders, $2 25(3150; bulls, ' $2 25fg).'l 75
calves, $2, Vi® 175: Western steers, $3 75@4 75 :
Western cows, $1 75«3 75.
Kaiisqs City.
CHICAGO, Aug. S. — CATTLE — Receipts, 19,.
000. Slow. Good to prime steers, $j 25©(J 25;
poor to medium, $4@5; stockers and feeders,
$2(&4; cowb, *1 25@4; heifers, $2@4 25; canners,
$l50@2 5O; bulls, $2@4: calves, $2 50@5 30;
Tex^s fed steers. «$3®4 50.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day. 2«.00O; to-morrow,
20.000. Steady to 5c higher. Mixed and butch
ers, $."> 201t ."1 55 ; good to choice heavy, $5 25®
5 50; rough heavy. $4 80®5 10; light, $3 25®
5 epj bulk of sales, $5 20<g5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20.OCO. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 55®4 20;
fair to choice mixed. $3SH 75; Western nhenp
$3 7r.^M J(l- native lambs. *4®0 75; Western
lambs, f 5@6.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Aug. S. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was staaify;
creameries. 18®17c: dairies. 12@15e. \E?gg
stecdy. 12%@l«'!ic. Cheese steady, 7 *i@S>4c.
X : : - ¥
I CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS. |
* : ; *
\ The situation remains about as before, the
only change being a weakening in Pinks owing
to the approach of the new crop. !
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 65; Tea, $3; But
ters, $3; small White. $2 95©3 03; large White
$2 40@2 55: Pink. $3 50@3 60: Red, $4 25;
Lima, $3 50<g3 65; Red Kidneys, $4f?4 25;
Blackeyes, $2 15@2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 75©2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, none here: Yellow
Mustard, $3 25: Flax, $1 0<>32 25: Canary, tt%®
7c; Alfalfa, 15@15%c; Rape,. IW^^c; Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp. 3>/i©3%c per lb; Millet. 2J$
63 He: Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per ton.-.
DRIED PEAS — Green Peas, $3 per ctL
Beans and Seeds.
'Arrivals of Hay were 1592 tons and the
market continued *oft, though quotations were
no lower. Feedstuffs remained about as before.
BRAN— $21(822 per ton."
MIDDLINGS— W4@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 50(?23 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $:il 50@S2 50;
Jobbing. £W; Cocoanut Cake. S22@23: Corn
Meal. $30 50@i.3t50; Cracked Corn. $31<S32;
Mixed Feed. $22022 50; Horse Beans. $:{0&40
per ton;' Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $0011. with $12@12 50 for ex
tra fine; Wheat and Oat. $S@11; Oat. $7 50-®
11; Barley and Oat. $7©9 50; Volunteer Wlfd
Oat. STft.'J: stable. $7@9 50; stock. $U 50@7 50;
Clover, $7 50®3 50; Alfalfa. $7©10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 50®70c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8. — Money on call easy;
hiehett. 1 per cent; lowest, %; rulhig rate. 1;
last loan, 1; closing bid. %; offered, 1. Time
loans easy and very dull; sixty and ninety
days. 2 per cent; six months, 3& Prime
mercantile paper. 4^4's per cent. Sterling
exchange firm, with actual business in bankers'
bille at $i.kS\Ttial.>*>s25 lor demand an* at
Jl.N"..;:; for sixty-day bills. - Posted rates.
$4 8« and $4 S.SVi"&4 so. Commercial billa,
$4 M?i. Bar silver, 5-SVic. Mexican dollars,
45%ic. Bonds — Governments, steady; railroads,
irrcfcular.
New York Monev Market.
Sluggish markets are reported from al\
points. Brokers' wires fronf Chicago yester
day said: "The strength in grain rather con
tributed to the steadiness, but the character of
buying does not improve and the action of the
market is not encouraging. It is very dull and
the trading altogether featureless."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10 Vic per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. . 13c for llsht,
14c for extra light and 17c for sugar-'
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13c: Mess Beef. $10®10 10 per
bbl; extra Mess, $llffll 50; Family. $12@12 5O;
prime Mes* Pork. $14 60: extra clear. $21;
Mess. $17 50: Dry Salted Pork. 9%c: pi e Pork.
$24: Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at C»jc per lb for
compound and 9&C for pure; ha If- barrels,
pure 9%c; 10-lb tins. lOUc; 3-lb tins 10%c;
3-lb tins. lOV-c
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels. SVic; one tierce. S5ic;'two tierces
8c; five tierces. 7v£c per lb.
Provisions.
Business Quiet and Featureless
All Along the Line.
Trading was extremely light on, the Stock
and Bond Exchange and quotations showed no
particular change. -The mining and oil stocks
were also dull, with* a lower range in the
Tonopahs. ' »
Ex -dividend yesterday: Espera&za. Oil. 1
cent: Kern (new) Oil. 5914 cents; the Mill
Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic Railway
Company, a regular quarterly dividend of $1.
Late mining assessments — Utah Con.. 5
cents, delinquent September 10: Con. New
York. 5 'cents, delinquent September 13.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Aug. *— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 10«v;i 06*4 4s qr cp new.131 1.11 «4
4s qr reg...lO6UlC6\f3s qr coup... 105 105%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 53. — — Oak T Co 6s.ll8%12Oti
Asso Oil 5s. 70 — Do 5s 11O 112>-i
Eay CPC 5s.lOH4 — Do con 5s. — 103
Cal C G 5a.l01%104 Oceanic S 5s. — 72*i
Cal G & E g Om Cable 6s.l21 —
m & ct 5s. M S3 Pac G Im 4s. 92*4 93^
C*:-st C 5s.ll2ti — P E Ry 5s.. 104^105
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P & C H 6s.lO3 —
EdL * P 6s.l23 — P * O R to.114 —
F & C H 63.112% — Powell-st «s. — 114
Geary-st 5s.. — 85 Pac EG&R3s. 99>.»1CO>;
H C&S 5>4slOO — SF A SJV5«.117^117 ; «i
Do 5s .... OOHinO Sierra R 6s.. — —
Hon R T 6-U06%107 S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — — (I!Hi9) — 107
L A Ry 5s.. 115 — OD10) 108 —
LALCo6s — — SPofC6s
Do gtd fis. — — (lflC5)Sr A.103U —
Do gtd 5s. — 103% M9C5)Sr B.104^ — '
LAP lem Ss.lOUi — I (1906) 1O5»4 —
Mkt-st C «s.ll» — (1912) 118 117
Do lem r.s.114% — ISPC 1 eg- 3». — 117^
MVft MtTSs.lOO — I Do stampd.109 100»^
NRR of C6«.10«t; _ , s P B R 6s.l3t V,1SZX^
Do 5s tK^illSUtS V Wat 6s.lO«^ _
N P C R 5s.l<M?i — I Do 4s 2dm. »9^ —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 f Do 4s 3dm. fi*% —^
N C P C 3s. — 100 Do g mtKia OS —
N S R R Ss.101 — |stkn GAE6s. 03 —
O G L&H Ss.llO 111 \V G & E 59. — 1«5
O W gtd 5s. — 1*10 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 85 37 I Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — CO |.S V Wat Co. 36% 37H
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3t; 3T^!s F G & E. 6O»4 61H
Mutual EL.— 14 Stkn G & E. 4H 5^
Pae L Co... 56% 3StilU O & E Co. — —
INS I. RAN CK.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l2S 130 tL P * A — 155
Anglo-Cal r. 85 87 |Mer Trust... 212 —
Bank of Cal. 420 — (Mereh Ex.... 50 — '
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S ft 1*2280 2350 iSar A L. So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — I Sec 9av Bk.373 405
Mutual Sav.102%103 (Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.600 C25 |
STREET RAILROADS.
CaJlfornl* .. — 200 jp-esidl© — 41
POWDER.
Giant 60% 61UI Virorit — S '
Kana P Co.. — 20c IKlfciue* S C. — ' 4
Hawaiian C. 52^4 — IVakawell C. 23t4 23%
Honokaa S C 11H 12 |Cncme» 8 C. 25 —
Hutch S P C SU 0 |P«auhau S C. 13 1; 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 128 12?K|Oceantc S Co. — 414
Cal F C A. — 10O irac Aux FA. 4% —
Cat Wine A. — 88 I Pac C Borx.,137 —
MV& MtTm.100 — I
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — '
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 127 25
ft Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 52 87^
85 Spring Valley Water Co 37 CO
Street—
$9,000 Sac Elec Gas ft Ry 5 percent.. 09 73
. Afternoon Session.
Board —
23 Spring Valley Water Co 37 CO
$l,0CO Market- st Ry 1st eon 5a 115 OO .
$1,000 Park & Ocean 6 per cent.... 114 23
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC to. — 09 ISF A NT» Ba. — 110^
B L. Wat «•. — 117 ISPCRto. — 10O
Cal NW Cb.. — U2&IS P Co 4Hs.lOOU —
M C Wat Ss.100 — I Sun Tel 5s... — 104
"Rls I Wks 5s — 105 JSutter-st R3S.105 113
S F Drdk 5s. — 113HIUR of SF 4s. St 84%
. MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. \
Ala S Co... 26 30 |Nev "Nat Bk.197^ —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — N S R.R Co. 0U —
Cal GAECor. 47 — I N Cal P Co. 9U —
C Jockey CL — 120 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Powder.— 15O I Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 23 IIOOF HaU A -• — ¦
;. -teroqmhail estimates the wheat crop of Eu
= rpp* at l.«S7.ooo.OOO bushels, compared with
' .LiioS.OOnOon bushels In IMS and 1.S37.O0OO00
} fcyrhels in 1602. Decrease this year, 171 «X)rt -
' <*xr J>u«he»s. The wheat crop of the world is
* animated at 3.G5«.<K>O.nno bu*h°lF. compared
m-ith 3,OJ»7.CiOO.non bUFhslg in l'.torj 8n ,j .-{ 155 .
,jiOOO.QP<> bushel* in me D»crea»> this vrar
. 41/^10.000 buvheis.
.... According ir> the Ix5ndon Time? th» Eneliyh
' -wfcfa^ crop is the poorest *ver grown. When.
\Jater. on. It Is poMible to make trustworthy
" •*.¦• s*'z-r-* of the total production, this year's
T.ljeaf rrop can scarcely escape being the
•rti^llest within living m*-mory.
' • ••¦ " • Weather Report.
The World's Wheat Crop.
FLOUR— California Family Extras; $4 600
4 90, usual terms; Bakers' Extras,- $4 50@4 80;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 £5^4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $0 50: Rye Meal. $.J 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy. S4@4 25: Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75:
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25®S 60; in sacks. $6 75@
8 10; Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 1C0 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MAEKETS. |
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.' .
Colusa— Orape ami pear picking has 'com
menced. Prunes ripening rapidly.
Willows — I'eirs about half a crop.
Htoekton-^MuIr and Orange cfing peaches
very wormy and gummy in section*.
Xapa-^-Crntlnued cold bad for 'grape crop.
Newman — Condition* the same
King City— Light sprinkle rain this morning;
no damage.
Livermcre — Sweetwater grape* light and
Muscats nearly po.
Hanford — Good hay crop. Grape crop excel
lent
Palermo — White Adriatic figs maturing nice
ly: will begin to harvest them socn.
Hollister— Peach canning in full operation;
crop freestones medium.
' A. G. McADIE.
" RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels,' 3-crown,
3c; 2-crown. 2^c; Malaga, loose, 3-crown.
2-"J4c: 2-crown. 2V4c; seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels. t\Lc; Seeded Raisins. 16-oz
cartons, fancy. 4'^c: choice. 4c; 12-oz cartons,
fancy. :{%c: choice. 3Hc per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13H<314c;
No. 2, UVa912c: No. 1 hardshell, 13913Hc;
No 2 lliSll^c; Almonds, 13«-4(S13?ic for new
Nonpareils. 12\4ei2»4c for I X L 12©12V4c for
Ne Plus Ultra; Peanuts. 6<S7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. U>4@13c for white and 10#
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5'-i®
«Hc; light amber extracted. 5-g6c; dark. 3^@
4'4o.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb. .
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7ti®9«4c;
Peaches, 5%97%c per lb; Pears. &S9^c: Figs.
2-crown bricks. 52^c: 3-crown. 55c: 4-crown.
63c; fi-crown. 7oc; bulk white. 3H@3^ic; black.
4c. Old crop — Evaporated Apples, C'^fjtT'/jc per
pound.
— 1903 crop. l%*S2Uc for the four
sizes.
Dried FruitSjNutsfiaisinSjHoney.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, AUGUST 8.
Flour, qr sks... 3.«01|Feed. sks 220
Wheat, ctls 5.7e9!Short9. sks 75
Barley, ctla 20.047 Tallow, ctla .... 20*
Oats ctls 1,970 Hides. No «ll
Corn, ctls ...'... 10 Pelts No 1C5
Beans, ska -4271 leather, rolls ... 14»
Potatoes, sks ... 8.317| Lime, bbls 4«7
Onions, sks 8911 Wine, gals SS.Min
Bran, sks 41*5; Sugar, ctls 700
Middlings, sks .. 4«! Pa«er reams ... £3."
Hay. tons 1.5921 Chicory, bbls 2.1
Wool, bales 561 Quicksilver, fisks. VJ
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 5.5201 Middlings sks .. IS
Wheat, ctls 6.674! Shorts, ska 251
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 9,601|
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the 24 hours ending 5 p. m., 120th me
ridian time, San Francisco, Aug. 8.
~k ¦£ -z i» a
*^S " " *
33 33 2 : *S
is ill ' c
tTATIONl ¦ 2. o 4 =a
! 3. J ] U
i : E ? fi
Colusa 8S 60 Clear TOO
Eureka 56 52 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 10S 74 NW Clear .00
Hanford 108 69 Clear .«m
Hollister 78 52 .... Pt.Cldy .00
Independence 00 74 NW Cloudy .00
King City... ....... £0 52 N Clear Tr.
Liv.rmore 7« 51 .... Clear .00
Los Angeles........ 8« 64 SW Clear .DO
Merced 102 64 Clear .<K>
Napa 72 51 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Newcastle :« 7O .... Clear .00
Newman 08 CO .... Clear .00
Palermo 93 5$ .... Clear .00
Portervllle 105^76 N Pt.Cldy .00
Red Bluff OH 70 SE Clear .00
Ssrrament.j 78 56 S Clear ~00
Kan Dtego 7S W W Clear .00
San Francisco 58 52 W Cloudy Tr.
San Luis Obippo 78 54 NW Cloudy Tr.
Santa Rosa e$ r.O Clear ,.00
Ftockton R.t f,i ..... (lear .00
Willows 92 62 S Clear .00
/f [ ¦¦¦'¦ 'COFFEE TRADE.
' \£)ikrHty of the New Crop Said to
Wf: " • Be Poor.
.•I"*-Tb« circular cf Henry Nordlinger & Co.,
. ,^Te*j York, eayi :
..'r.''"^** Quality cf the new crop is generally
'•-t report** -to be rxicr. The report comes from a
T$°c-d mary epctlons that th* beans are poorly
?'dried, -are cf small size, and thav tho general
. ..runj \jf 'th« Coffe« is not of good roasting
rrne*i£s." It has frequently occurred during the
¦ fSlrtf.t month or two of a cew crop season that
; Th- 'quality wm described as inferior, but later
. •^rriral* hav« generally shown more or less
Improvement. Nearly all the recent offerings
••rrcnl Brazil, however, were of 'jndescrib*d or
Jo&fly. described qualities, and ihere is as yet
< aio'-jndlcation of a change for the better in this
respect. It really eeemc to be correct this time
tbtX' Jhe average run of the crop Is of poor
and if this is the case, it would cer
"Utialy mean a srSall cron. Our estimate of
' *,000.0/K> bees for Rio and Santos has not been
•tefa&ngee.
'• c '«*G»od old crop Coffees are appreciating in
f prmrue and are In strong demand, a conslder-
premium being freely paid for same. The
%•-'«¦>¦¦ of this fiescriiaica of commercial grades
TU very s:r.aH,
"The r>cor cTjality of the new crop may in
-*ertere with consumption to some extent. esp«
1 ieially it first. It will take some time to edu
5es.te -the trade to the Mea that for general
*ra<t» pun<»es they will be bound to take hold
~€>f .ttje new crop, which will «»vrntually con
"tnitute the available supply here.
"All recent est! mate* ct the 1904-5 Rio crop
fiame'2.500.000 bacs. The annual consumption
; «f* Rio Coffee in the T'nlt'd State* alone ex
ceeds thin figure, and our large roasters will
• Ti~t be able to obtain their requirements of
H^ie in the prrvJu'-ing K-ctton. For this reason
th«-.v ulll be bound to enter the Santos market
Tnc>e frwiy nhan heretofore in order to fl!l
the;r "warns. One of our large roasters is re-
Jxirted to have started purchasing in a large
* -*ij*y 'in the latter mark-t during the past fort
.*}'f.it.
_3T '".'While we entertain the opinion that much
r y.lefifr prices will prevail later in the year, we
• WUfve the present r>ositk,n to be such that
not .much chsngre in ;irice either way will take
(place tor about a mciitn or bo.
¦tf*BMic opinipn UrogUnlstiCSUjtf Inclined on
-' «f<jr.unt of the eftaWich'-d fact that tbe pro
/du-flon of Brazil Coffee is now insufficient for
. the .requirements of. the world.. Statements
• • iiaj-e heen made laxrij- thst th-> unfavorable,
wofttbVr encountered, durinc Jane tor picking
'.„ B^rt dryirj:.' has b<>«i most favorable for the
pSObrteCflK&S of the trees, and It Is claim*-d that
>> tha JUG5-6 crop will turn out to be a large one.
W-^curtsider it entirely too early for the e*ri
' .-.*His*ci>osidcra:ion of any Fuch proposition. The
_. tre*< haw net entered their blossoming period
° y>i».. . The fir«t flowering which ran be ex
' . ported 1 to f.srr into fruit tak*s plaf-e in Sep
tfftsfc^r. ac<l after tl*at favorable climatic con
"•«3r<o!JB Tmst prevail for a r>eriod of fully five
..-.moijtlis to develop and mature the bean proper
£1 ly.-. This makes It clear that the talk of a
1 large- i£f>5-<5 croc at the present time is en
tjrtiy premature."
• ¦¦Grain Exports in July.
.The grain expert trade in July was very
JigHt. only one cargo having been cleared for
Creat Britain. Th» shipments were as follows:
WHEAT.
_?»— Centals. Values.
Sreit Britain 11.200 $15 124
Hawaiian Iflar.iJs 2 10« 311C
STahlU 84 'l«i
Totals 13.31W $i«r,«;i
truly; 1903 14,r;<:i (vj.wx
I •• BARLEY.
_ T °-^ Centals. Values.
Crrcat Britain 45.342 $52,145
Uatvaiian Islands 42 917 45 918
.Tahiti 2S3 '325
ffapen 15 16
' T OtJ iliv,- JW.557 JW.4m
«u!,v, 1903 82,«5*1 $91,<R.-J
, The -Khlpmentq of -wheat to Great Britain
3e« month, were exactly th<? same as in July.
1*«*\ and there was a difTrrenc* cf only 8
c*v.bJs In. tbe shipments to the Hawaiian
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday,
posFlbly sprinkles in the morning; light
south winds, changing to brisk westerly.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 9:
Northern California — Cloudy Tuesday,
thunder etorms in the mountains, fresh south
erly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday,
thunderstorms in the mountains, possibly light
showers along the coast, Jight southwest
winds.
Nevada — Thunder storms Tuesday, brisk
¦westerly wind.
CHICAGO; Aug.' 8.— Cash' quotations were
as follows: Flour, strong; No. "J spring wheat.
$1 COei 07: No. 3. 95cf?|l 04; No. 2 red, $1 01
©1-02%: No. 2 corn. 53*ic: No. 2 yellow,
asVjC; No. 2 oats. 31'i©:{2p; No. 2 whfu, 33%
ifiUSc: No. 3 white, 33933%c; No. 2 rye. t>9S>
71c: good feeding barley, 29£T;$7c; fair to choice
malting, 45<g5l)c: No. 1 flaxseed, ?1 17: No. 1
Northwestern, $124%; prime timothy seed.
$2 S0«i2 90: mess pork, per bbl; $12 4O'<?12 45;
lard, 'per 100 lbs. $6 70®« 72%: short ribs
Kidfs Uoo^e). $7 50JI7 »J5: short clear slde3
(bcxed). $SftS 25; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 2S; clover, contract grade, $11 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 130,000 11.3'JO
Wheat' bu K;G,000 ' 120,300
Corn "bu 264.001) U3»,40O
Oat? bu 501. 20o . 99.000
Rye. b'J 8.000
Barley, bu 11,000
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— Nothing quite so radi
cal as to-day'E sharp rise In values following
the continued advance last week has . been
witnessed in the wheat r>it for a long time.
According, to private dispatches the whole
Northwest has apparently been more or 'less
affected' by the deadly rust. Reports indicate
losa of thft entire crop, while the percentage of
damage in field alter field was described as
extremely heavy. S?ntember. wheat, which
opened strong with a gain of %@Aic to %@%c,
at 97%c to »7«ic,. went to $1 00% in succes
sion of leaps with but momentary pauses when
hclders. satisfied with their profits, realized.
Many such sellers, however, and bears In the
pit who have been' scoffing at the increasing
advices of rust encroachments were soon in
big rush for- grain, and carried the price of
September to $1 01%. There were bearish
features In the foreign markets, and statistics
show-id the world's shipments to exceed esti
mates by over 1,000,000 bushels, . but such
news was overlooked In the general fright
that appeared to possess traders. _ Realizing
sales 011 a laree scale, toward th» close,
checked, the advance temporarily and caused a
reaction to 0!>*'.c. b«t final figures showed the
buying craze on arain in nearly full force,
September closing strong at $1 01.
Corn was Krons, chiefly owing to the In
fluence of wheatl September opened V t c to %c
up at r>2*^c 10 52%c and advanced to 53%c
before being checked by ».*llins orders. Induced
by reports ot excellent progress of the crop
in some sections. The close was at a recession
from th» hish point, but the tone was firm.
Oata were stead v at th<* utart. with Septem
ber %c lower to %c higher. With the up
turn In the other pits, i>e:Hember advanced
to 3.114c. . but lest som- on realizing sales.
The close was firm at '.Mi\<f,ii-ft',ic.
Provisions weie easy, early sales showing
slight change from yesterdays closing prices.
The market was Inactive. Clcslns prices,
showed September perk unchanged at $12 45.
I ard was unchnncM at $« 77%. Ribs showed
a sain of li)c at ?7 o7%«7 U2%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. - —
September, old. 90%" 1 02% 9S% 1 02 Vt
September, new. 98 1 01 V s 97% 1 01
December 97 14 100% 06%, 100%
May 99 1 02 OS 1 01%
AuguTt N .°'.. 2 ~ Wi' 5.1% 52% 51 U
September 52% 54 .52% 63%
December 4'Ju 51 4S% 50%
Oats, No. 2—
September -'it 3314 32% 33%
December 33% 34% H3% 34%
May S5% 35% 35V« 3e%
Mess pork, per bbl—
September 12 45 12 50 12 30 12 45
October ........12 50 12 50. 12 30 12 50
Lard per 100 lbs—
September •! 77% « 60 « 70 6 77%
October « »- r » « 87% 6 77% 0 83
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 «0 7 70 7 CO 7 70
October ........ 7 57% 7 GO 7 55 7 CO
Future 'Grain and Provisions.
tain descriptions. (11 45 per 2000 lbs and |12 SO
per long ton. according to, brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for ease«
add 5c; Linseed. S7c per gallon for boiled and
65c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' A A, cases. $1 10®l 12: Lucol, 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases.
63® 80c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil, in barrels.
SSc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, CSc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whala
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard OH. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 85c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring OH.
40c; Salmon OH, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish OH. 35c; boiled Paint OH. 33c; raw Paint
OH. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. la bulk.
13c; Pearl OH. in cases. 19%c: Astral. 19%c;
Star. l»%c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk,
16c; In cases, 22% C ; Benzine. In bulk. 13c: in
cases, lO^c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 23c;
in case«. 31c.
TURPENTINE — Sic per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. T%©
7%o per lb; Wbita Lead. 7UO7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb ba«a:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.15c;
Powdered. 6c ; Candy Granulated. Cc; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.90c; Dry Granulated, roam*,
5.90c; Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granu
lated (100- lb bags only) ; Confectioners'
A. 5.90c: Magnolia A, 5.50c: Extra C. 5.40c;
Golden C. 5.30c: "D." 5.20c: barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 5O-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.40c; boxes. 6.65c; H. A E. Crystal
Dominos, 8.90c per lb. No ordera taken for
less than seventy- five barrels or its equivalent.
QUICKSILVER— Is weak at $41 50@42 50 for
local use and $11®4X 50 per flask for export.
Chicago Board of Trade, j
PEACHES— Small boxes, 35@60c: carriers.
50® 65c: open boxes ; lug boxes, 75c@$l.
PLUMS AND PRUNES — tO®75c per crate
and 25@40c per small box; Plums in bulk, $7 50
®15 p»r ton.
NECTARINES— 75@90c per crate for red
and 50c for white.
FIGS — 7oigS5c per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1@1 50 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 30<@60c per box; Watermelons,
$5i025 per hundred.
GRAPES — Seedless, 50@75c per small box or
crate and e5@75c f or /pen boxes: Muscat. eO<SJ
75c, per crate; Black; 60@75c; Fontalnebleau.
1 CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $1 50@2 50 per
box for Valencias and $1 25@1 50 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons, $2 25@2 75 for fancy,
SI ."tiflj 75 for choice and $1@1 25 for stand
ard- Mexican Limes. $4@4 50 per case; Ba
nanas, $1 5W3 per bunch for Central Ameri
can and ">c5i$l 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples.
$1 50(32 50 per dozen. • *. .
APRICOTS — Nominal.
APPLES — $l@l 25 per box for fancy. 25c®$l
for choice and 35@C0c for common; Crab Ap
ples. 6<k&tS0c for small boxes and $1 for large.
PEARS— Bartlett. 85c®fl 15 per box for No.
1 and 25@40c for No. 2; to canners. $25®-30 per
ton. .
Small tree fruits In shipping packages were
In good request for shipment on the steamer
leaving for Puget Sound ports and the best
lots of Peaches. Plums, Prunes, Pears and
Apples met with prompt sale for that pur
pose at good figures. Local trade, however,
was quiet, *as usual on Monday, and there was
an abundance of second quality fruit to be had
at easy rates. A few small lots of Strawberry
Freestone Peaches from Coloma met with
prompt sale at $5<g90e per box. while yellow
Crawfords from the tame section brought e.V:
per box The canmSrs were offering $23@3O
per ton for other Peaches, but were unable
to procure any great quantity, aa receipts of
large boxes Were light and were pretty well
cleaned up by the regular trade at better
prices. Wrapped Bartlett Pears were plenti
ful, but ruled firm and buVk stock was steady,
with the canners purchasing freely. There
were not many Plums sold for canning ac
count, as buyers ; and sellers were apart In
their views. The Apple market was reported
steady and ¦ prices had , an upward tendency.
Some fancy Gravensteins in 4-tier boxes were
firmly held at $1 50 per box. but no sales were
reported at that figure. Offerings of Figs con
sisted • almost entirely of carrled-over stock,
which sold at lower rates. Nutmeg Melons
and Watermelons were in free supply and
weak, while .Cantaloupes were steady and un
changed. Grapes continued to drag and Ber
ries had but little change.
STRAWBERRIES per chest for Long
worths. $4m» for Alviso Berries and $3®5 for
the larger varieties.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@3 per cheat. |
RASPBERRIES— $S@12 per chest.
5 HUCKLEBERRIES— lie per lb.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Open. High. Low. Clo=e.
December ...$1 09% $1 H)9% $1 C9% $1 09%
OATS — The market continues very firm, with
sales of Red for seed at a slight andvance.
The lo<5al demand is not active at the cur
rent high prices, however, though there is good
buying for seed in the country.
White. Jl 4i)ftl 45; Surprise. $1 45® I 50;
Red. $1 27%@1 35 for feed and $1 35@1 42% for
seed; Black. $1 25^1 30 for feed and $1 35®
1 40 for seed.
CORN — Dealers continue to report a quiet
and featureless market.
Western racked. $1 47%<s?l 55 for Yellow and
White and $1 45©1 00 for Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 30111 57 Jj; -small -round : do,
$1 55@1 60: White, nominal: Egyptian. $130®
1 35 for White and Jl 25@1 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 2501 30 for new. , ,
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75©2 per ctL
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 09% $1 10 $1 0a% $1 09%
2 p. m. Session.
Feed, $1 07%@l 10; new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12%@1 17%: Chevalier, $1 17%@1 30
per ctl
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
CASH BARLEY.
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 48%.
BARLEY — In spite of heavy receipts of over
20.0CO ctls.both cash grain and futures were
higher, with a number of large sales In thf
sample market. The strength In futures was
due- to the general feeling of bullishness, heavy
buying In the Interior, and the tUing tendency
in Oats, which have now got so high that
Barley is being taken for feed in preference.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 37%(gl 42%;' California
White Australian. $1 55@I 67%: Northern Club.
$137V>@142%; Northern Bluestem. $152%®
1 55 per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30. a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 47 $147% fl 46% $1 46%
WHEAT— The foreign markets were quiet
and rather easy. The world's shipments for
the week were as follows. In quarters: Rus
sian. 184,000; Danublan. 51,000; Argentine,
156.000; Indian. 183.0C0; Australian. 69.0CO.
Chicago ran. from 97 «c up to $1 01% on
continued bad crop reports, though the North
west, which bought heavily last week, turned
squarely around and nold on the swell. Snow
issued a very bullish report. .¦
The Chicago letter of R. Brent Mitchell said:
"If was a broad, active market and closed
very nervous at' the top prices of the day. Tho
element of strength was the increasing reports
of damage to the. new _ spring _. WJieat crop.
These seemed to. be steadily covering" larger
territory and the percentage of* loss as esti
mated in current reports continues to increase.
There were some reports of frost, -but we are
inclined to think this was a minor influence
and unimportant. The New -York markets led
the advance and the other markets followed.
Foreign markets were about unchanged. We
do not like to get sensational and there is
also, of course, a great rendency to exaggera
tion in these times. • The situation, however,
seems an unusual and critical one. .After so
great an advance it is a foregone conclusion,
that much nervousness will result, but on the
present outlook and present tendency of news
from the' Northwest we can only advise buy-
Ing 1 Wheat on sharp breaks."
- In this market futures \advanced 2c on the
.morning session, though the market did not
fully respond to the Chicago advance, and
sales were, not heavy.. The cash grain was
quiet, with buyers indifferent.
Wheat qnd Other Grains.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8.— The London tin mar
ket was a shade lower, closing £121- for spot
and £122 7s 6d for futures. locally the mar
ket eympathited with the English decline and
closed at $20 70@26 95.
Copper was unchanged in London, closing at
£56 15s for spfct and £56 16s 3d for futures.
Locally copper 'was quiet. Lakei $12 5O@12 75:
electrolytic. $12 50®12 75; . casting, $12 25®
12 50. '•• • ' ' • '
Lead was quiet and unchanged at $4 20®
4 25 in the local market, but in London it
cloecd sllshtly. lower .at £11 Ws.-. _
Spelter wa» unchanged at £22 in London
and £4 8!S©4 95 in the local market.
- Iron was unchanged at 61s 9d in Glasgow
and at 43s 3d in Middlesborough. Locally
Iron was unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
•Corn and Rye steadily held, but quiet.
'••JF/ffy in large receipt and zveak. Feedstuff s firm. ; r ! /
J\ of much variaJion in Beans end Seeds. • •
.-¦Two tars of Western Poultry in. Game steady. .
\Pctatoes and Onions quiet and weak. Vegetables plentiful.
¦Good shipping Fruit in demand for Puget Sound. . -
nutter and Eggs firm and the former higher.
"Provisions sluggish in all markets.
' Sheep and Lambs coming in freely from Nevada.
.^Coffee crop reported poor in quality.
"Arrwal of £200.000 in British gold from Sydney. y '
Dctjc brings from Japan 400,000 gold yen. .' t .
World's Wheat crop continues to shrink and prices to rise. .:,-.
Parley still higher, zrith acttve buying in the country..
.Oats very firm, but not active locallw
,. : S'czu York stocks fractionally weaker. Cotton higher.
4? co / Stocks and Bonds continue inactive. «
/Silver y A c lozver. Exchange rates not materially changed. .)
Money— ! United Fruit 106%
Call loans HQSVijU S Steel .- 11%
Time loans 4 l^ ! Do pfd ........ 58%
Bonds-^- I Westing Common. 79
Atchison 4s 101%| Mining —
• Do adj 4s 94%|Auventure 75c
Mex Central 4s... C2%lAUouez s%
Railroads — |Amal Copper .... 52
Atchlson 77%|Amer Zinc* 11
Do pfd »«%! Atlantic s%
Boston & Albany. 24S IMngham 25
Boston & Maine.. l»0 ICalumet &> Hecla 4K3
Boston Elev 1 43% | Centennial 24
Fltchburg pfd 13S (Copper Range ... 65
Mex Central «V4!Daly West .. 14
N T, N H & H..192 JDom Coal ......'. 40%
Pere Marquette. .. 74 | Franklin 7
Union Pacific. .-... 95%IGran"ey [ 2%
Miscellaneous — | Isle Royale '. ." 10%
Amer Arge Chem. 14%|Mass Mining . 315
Do pfd 75 (Michigan ;; 4^
Amer Pneu. Tube. 4 | Mohawk 42
Amer Sugar 1"1 %l Mont Coal & Coke. 4
Do pfd 131 |OId Dominion ... 12%
Amer Tel & Tel . 130% Osceola (i 2 %
Amer Woolen ... 11% Parrot 23
Do pfd' 1" Qiilncy gj
Dom Iron & S... 8% I Shannon 4U
Ed Elect" Ilium.. 2ri2 I Tamarack ., 88
Gen Electric- Ifi2 (Trinity tv.
Mass Electric 17%ni S Mining 22%
Do pfd TO III 8 Oil 10U
Mass Gaa 39 |i'fan 3$%
tin Sho^ Mach... BOWiiWInpna iy.
Do pfd 30%| Wolverine 7^
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Adams Con 30| Little Chief 05
Alice 35| Ontario 3 2J>
Breece lOiOphir 2 IS
Bruns Con 151 Phoenix 0J
Coin Tunnel .... Osj Potosi J2
Con Cal & Va... 1 101 Savage 17
Horn Silver 1 BOiSiPrra Nevada.... !7
Iron Sliver 1 5O| .<mall Hopes 2.1
Leadvillf Con ... C2|?tandard 1 DO
& T pfd.... 3.000 42tf 41U 41*i
NH R R Mex pfd 36%
£ eW . i?" 01 * Centra l 1.000 119 118% 118
Norfolk & Western BOO 61% 61ft CIVi
Nor & West pfd ;..! .... 88
Ontario & Western 0,300 31 '4 30% 30*1
Pennsylvania ..... 17.000 120% 119% 1201,
P. C. C & St Louis. 1,000 64 64 64
Reading 2,900 53'.£ 62% t>2Y a
Reading 1st pfd 100 83H 83%' 83
Reading 2d pfd «9»i
Rock Island Co.... 5,500 23% 23 23^5
Rock Island Co pfd 1.800 65% 65 65
EtL & SF 2d pfd.. •4,200 59 57% BStf
St Louis S W.... 900 14H 1*U 14%
St Louia S W pfd.. 1,100 36% 35% 86
Southern Pacific... It!, 400 50% 49% 50%
Southern Railway.. 700 25% 25 23%
Southern Ry pfd.. 000 00 % 90% 90%
Texas A Pacific 6,200 27% 27% 27%
T. St L & W 100 25% 25% 26%
T. StL&Wpfd.. 100 38% 38% S8\t'
Union Pacific 25,300 . 9«% 95% 65%
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 03% 03% 93%
Wabash .......... ' 600 16% 16% 17
Wabash pfd 800 30% 35»i 30 '
"Wheeling & L E .• 1*V*
Wisconsin Central. • 100 16% 16% - 16%
Wisconsin Cen pid ¦-.,..' 38i»
' Express Companies —
Adams '225 '
American *». " .... 105
Ur.ited States .... 105
Wells-Fargo .. . ., ... .... 202
. Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper. . 9,100 52% Cl% 51%
Am Car & Found. 200 19% 18% 18%
Am Car & F pfd... 300 79 7S 78
Am Cotton Oil 3,400 .34% 32% 33?4
Am Cot OH pfd ... 400 90 90 90%
Am Ice • «%
Am Ice pfd 300 27%-27& 27%
Am Linseed OH ... MX> 11 10 - 10V4
Am Lin Oil pfd ....... :. 29%
Am Locomotive ... 200 20% 20% .20%
Am Locomo pfd .... 88 •
Am Srifelt & Ref.. 400 : 57*« 57% 57 -
Am Smelt & R pfd 600 »!»% 09% 99%
Am Sugar Ref 18,100' 132% 131% 132
Anaconda Mln Co. . 72
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 14,300 52% 51 Vi- 61%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 30 '08 35
Consolidated Gag.. 70() W5& 19t% 195
Ccrn Products, v 100 12 12 11%
Corn Products pfd . 68
Diftillers' Secu .... . v... 21%
General Electric . . 200 163 ¦ 162% 102
Internat Paper ..'.. .... .... -19 -
Internet Paper pfd. - '.-.... 74%
Internat Pump ._ .... 31
Internat Pump pfd. "70
National Lead 1,100 2Hi 21 21
Ncrth American ... 100 88 SS 85%
Pacific Mall 26
Pecple's Gas 1.200 101% 100% 101%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 tny t 33Vi 33%
Pre-_Ki S Car pfd. 100 75 75 . 74
Pullman Pal Car 21
Republic Steel 100 • 7% 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 500 43V4 42% 42%
Rubber Goods 17%
Rubber Goods pfd 78%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 4,400 44 43 4H%
U S Leather 200 7% 7V4 7
U S Leather pfd... 60O 81% 8-"J% ' 81
U S Realty 600 47% 47 48%
U S Rubber 300 19% 19% 10%
U S Rubber pfd... 200 75% 74% 74%
U S Steel 7.200 12% 11% 11%
I T S Steel pfd 37,3,00 50% 5S 5S%
WeFtinghse Electric 300 15D 159 15S
Western Union ... 200 89 S9 SS%
| Total sa'es ...:53O,20O
! UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8. — No bond transac-
I tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common bid 4 Vi. asked 4%; preferred bid
| 41, asked 41 Vi.
: NEW YORK BONDS.
I U S ref 2s reg..lO4%;L & N unified 4s.lC<J%
Do coupon 104% | Man con go.d 4s. 105V*
Do 3s reg 104 %| Mex Central 4s... «^%
Do coupon 105 Do 1st Ihc 11%
Do new 4s reg.131 IMinn & St L 4s.. V6m
Do coupon 131 UJM. K & Texas 4s. !«»%
Do old 4s r^g.lOtlUl Do 2ds : ~h\$
Do coupon 100HIKR of Mex con 4s 7.*>
Atch gen 4s 10.1% |N Y C gen SV>s.. «tf%
j Do adj 4s 95 IN J C gen 5s 13J%
I Atlantic C L 4s. 9.»%|Nor Pac 4s .105%
Bait & Onto 4s..lO;JV«l Do 3s 74
' Do 3%s 94% Nor & W con 4s. 101%
Central of Ga &s.llo%|OSL 4a & partlc. 93%
Do lf-t Inc 8-IVilPa conv 3VjB...-. iilTi,
I Chra & Ohio 4%s.l0tj"H ttcading gen 4s... »H
j Chi & Alton 3%s. 78SKS L & I M con 6s.lHJ%
C. B & Q new 4s. 9r' t |S L & S F fg 4b. SI%
CM & SP gn 4S.109 | Si Louis SW lets. »'ti%
C & NW con 7s.l2S%| •(?aboard A L 43. 72H
C. R JL & Pac 4s. 71'/»(So Pacific 4r 93%
! Do col 5s S2U|So Railway 5r lUlVi
C.t:.C & SLgn 4n.l01%|Tex & Pac lsts..m%
Chi Term 4s 7.<%|Tol St L & W*s. 72 >*,
Cons Tobacco 4s. 63% Union Pacific 48..10fi>Kt
Colo & S» 4s S3-%| Do conv 4s 102%
! Colo Fuel & I... XJVSlO S Steel 2d 5s.. 78%
Den & Rio G 4s.lOO>4 1 Wabash lsts 117%
Erfe prior lien 4s. 99 Do deb B " 59v!,
Do gen 49 85% W & L Erie 4s... 91%
F W & D C lsts.M3% Wis Central 4s... 89>i
Hock Val 4%s...lO8 i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. .
Berlin on London 20.46J4
Paris on London 25.25VS
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S5%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88*i
Steeling Exchange, cables — 4 89*i
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 5S*
Mexican Dollars 48 9 46%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico . 215
. Silver was *4c lower. v.'
The Ventura brought up from Sydney £200,
000 English sovereigns for the Anglo-Callfor
nian Bank.
The Doric brought from Japan 400,000 gold
yen for the Iateraatlonal Banking Corporation.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAEEETS.
The week opened .with Butter firm snd well
cleaned up as far as the finest creameries were
concerned, with some houses quoting over the
top price below. There is a disposition among
some firms to get the market up hlgh«r than
the conditions warrant In order that it will
then break and drop back to where they con
elder It ought to be. These dealers are rush-
In? the . Quotations up for all- they are worth
and are trying to force the more conservative
houses to follow them. It appears, however,
that the public are going to have something
to say about the price of Butter before long.
Already several "large retailers report that th«
people at large are leaving the high-priced
creameries and lookins: about for something
cheaper. In the meantime Eastern Butter Is
being drawn out of store, cut up Into squares
and thus sold to the public.
Cheese continues quiet and unchanged.
Eggs are showing signs of more steadiness
and choice fresh ranch are now in lighter sup
ply and firm There are a good many medium
and lower grade Eggs and stale ranch still on
the market however and they are moving
sluggishly. Receipts are still falling; off. as
will be seen.
Receipts were 65,000 lbs Butter. 736 cases
Eggs and 77CO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 24« fey
extras and 23c for flints; dairy. lS@COc: store
Butter, 14@16c; Eastern creamery. 19%<@20e;
Eastern ladle- packed. 14@15^c per 1b.
CHEESE— OgO'^c for choice mild new and
8@3V»c for lower grades; Young Americas. 110
ilHc; Eastern. 10©15c; Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 24@26c for choice and 21@23a
for fair to good; store. 191J21C; Eastern. 20®
22^c for firsts and lS%@19c for seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
January, 6.75: March. 6.9007.05c; April, Tc;
"sUg'ar— Raw. firm: fair retain*. 3 9-16c;
centrirugal, 06 test. 4 l-16c; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c; refined, firm. _
BUTTER Steady; common to extra, 13®
17%c. *j: : ' : &
CHEESE — Firmer.
EGOS— Irregular. tem 1o ft5|L 8elected '
21c; do firsts, averaee best. 19^@20c. . /
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Firm. Demand
light but supplies are holding up well and
holders of olfl fruits show^no disposition to
force business. Comnlon, 4Q>i%c; prime, 5?i
66c: choice. 6»4@6?ic; fancy. <@iV4c.
PRUNES — Inactive but steady, quotations
ranging 2c to CVLc . • '
APRICOTS— In some demand for forward
shipments, but quiet for spot. Choice , 9%@10c:
extra choice. 10K@lQ%c; fancy, m&loc.
PEACHES — Show no chanee. Choice ape
held at 7©7Kc; extra choice, ittgSc; fancy,
D^@10c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY* AUGUST 9, 1904.
TAC0MA. Aug. • 8.— Wheat— Steady, un
changed. Bluestem, 75c; club, 70c.
Walla Walla. 71@72c: bluestem. 75@76c; val
ley. -, 76c. Milling — Walla Walla, 73@74c; blue
stem.- 76@77c ; valley, 79@80c
• WASHINGTON. ¦.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
SIXTY HORSES FOR
SALE
By order of I. V. Button. I will sell at Pub-
lic Auction. SIXTY HORSES, broken and un-
broken, weighing from 1000 to 14OO lbs. The»*
horses are known as the double-square horses
and are the best all-purpose hones ever of-
fered for sale at public auction. '
Sale takes place THURSDAY. Aug. 11. at 11
a. m., at J. B. KORAN'S SALE YARD. cor.
Tenth and Bryant sts.
Horses can be seen at yard* from Tuesday
morning until day of sale.
$. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
*V^ BIO AUCTION TUESDAY. An*;. 9. 11
/*-»** a. m.. at 1140 Folsom st.. of 20 good
horses. 3 rubber tire runabouts. 1 donkey. 1
pony. 30 sets harness, and a large assortment
of wagons, carts, surreys and buggies. WM.
CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
JTV^ AUCTION SALE— WEDNESDAY. Aug.
>** 10. at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSE
MARKET, 327 Sixth St., I. will sell a carload
of good young horses, weighing from 10SO to
1300 lbs; also a number of heavy draft horses.
5 seta of double wagon harness, buggies,
wagons, etc. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
|§ Cheap-Most Be Sold £*
Carload of gentle, broke workhorses from
McCloud River lumber camp at FRED H.
CHASE tCO.'. 1732 Market at.. 8. F.The trial of Alexander B. Garnett,
charged with the murder of ¦ Major J.
W. McClung in j the rooms of Mrs.
Elizabeth Hitchcock-Coit at the Pal
ace Hotel last November, was set by
Judge Lawlor yesterday for August
24. The application for a writ of ha
beas corpus on behalf of , the defend
ant was withdrawn. Attorney George
D. Collins will represent the defendant
At the trial.
Garnett Case Set for Trial.
A small bill and an alleged battery
are involved in a suit begun yesterday
in the Superior Court by George M.
Cook against A. Fodera, a poultry
dealer. Cook demands $3000 damages.
$1500 for false arrest and $1500 for
pain and humiliation suffered when
one Demartinl, representing the de
fendant, assaulted Cook at the outer
door of Judge. Conlan's Police Court
on the day when the case against the
plaintiff in this case was .« dismissed.
Cook says that he owed Fodera $20 50
and the latter called to collect. Cook
told ' him to come next 1 day, but Fo
dera said he would stay, until . the bill
was paid. ..Then Cook ordered him out
of the place and on 'that was based
the charge for arrest. -
Sues for Malicious Arrest.
William Tregay of 625 Golden Gate
avenue was treated' at the Central
Emergency Hospital last night for se
vere burns of the hands, neck and
face. The 'injured man detected the
odor of escaping gas and went into the
basement to investigate. Upon strik
ing a match an explosion followed,
which caused his injuries. .The build
ing ¦ escaped damage and Tregay's
burns, though painful, are not very
serious.
Escaping: Gas Explodes.
At least'ten teams will be recruited
from the public schools' in the half
mile relay race for boy sprinters at
Ingleside August 21 and a lively con
test is anticipated for j the silver tro
phy donated by Shreve & Co. Direc
tor- Roncovieri is giving the plan his
aid, because the carnival .of sports, of
which this race will be a part, is for
the benefit of the Golden Gate Park
free athletic grounds.
The need of such a ground is ap
parent to the Board of School Direc
tors and a ready consent was obtained
from them when the. enlistment of the
young sprinters " was proposed. "The
race will be for. teams of four 'lads,'
each, to cover 220 yards of the dis
tance, -and- should be a distinct-fea
ture of the high class, card of run
ning, bicycle and driving • races ar
ranged for the afternoon.
Benefit to Be Given August 21. for the
.. Free Athletic ' Grounds Is Ex
pected "to Be Successful. ,
Mrs. Emily Wendt yesterday filed
suit for divorce against Oscar Wendt,
a painter, on the ground *of. extreme
cruelty. They were married in 1888
and have two children. She says that
he tore her shirt waist and made vile
and untrue charges regarding her re
lations with other men. Also he is
said to have struck her and to have
come home at unusual hours in the
morning, when he would waka her up
to quarrel. They, live at Nineteenth
and Shotwell streets and he is said to
have $2900 In bank and other prop
erty interests. She asks for $76 a
month alimony and ' $250 for attor
ney's fees.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday granted
divorces to Charles R. Anderson ¦. from
Emma G. Anderson on the ground of
desertion, and to Nettie Bell from
James R. Bell for desertion.
Judge Kerrigan annulled the mar
riage of Orlando Macy to Sarah Macy
upon a showing of documentary evi
dence proving the previous marriage
of the defendant. The case first came
up for hearing on July 28,, at which
time the court demanded more evi
dence.
Charge of Cruelty in Divorce Suit.
Two Marriages Broken and an
Annulment Granted.
SAYS BRUTAL HUSBAND
TORE HER SHIRT WAIST
BOYS «ARE READY FOR
THE BIG FIELD DAY
R. A. Snarks, a farmer of Dixon,
yesterday filed a petition in insolvency.
Hf- owes $2975 and has no assets.
Insolvent Farmer.
"DRUMMER"! HAS DISAPPEARED. — A
warrant wts secured from Police Judge Ca
banUe yesterday for the arrest of N. Morris
cn a charge of felony embezzlement. Morris
was engaged as a traveling salesman by the
National Tailors. 124 California street, and on
July 29 he was equipped for a trip south. He
got cash, scrip book of the Southern Pacific
Company, trunk and samples. The total value
was $317 50. He left that evening. Instead of
colng south he went north, and has not been
heard of since.
CAUGHT BY A BELT.— R. J. Forbes, a la
borer residing at 135.1 Folsom street, was
caught In a belt while feeding a concrete
mjxer on Geary street near Powell yesterds*?.
He was thrown against the revolving drum
and his body was badly cut and bruised.
Alameda County held a clinic at 233
Sutter street yesterday afternoon.
Many prominent members of the pro
fession were present. New theories and
methods were demonstrated. The den
tal surgeons gathered at a banquet in
the evening at the Occidental.
The dentists of San Francisco and
Dentists Hold Clinic.
The Library Association of Cali
fornia will hold its first monthly meet-
Ing 1 for the season at Santa Cruz on
September 3 to 5. The sessions will
be held in the public library. The sub
jects of discussion will be "Essentials
and Non-Essentials in Library "Work."
upon which five or more papers by li
brarians and library trustees will be
presented.
IJbrarians Will Talk Shop.
Success vibrations go with all orders ft»*
printing- Edward Knowing Co., 24 Second tt. #
High Japanese Official Arrives.
Among the passengers from the
Orient -on the steamship Doric, which
arrived Saturday, was T. E. Tejima,
high commissioner of his imperial
Japanese Majesty to the St. Louis Ex
position. He was accompanied by his
son. Commissioner Tejima says that
his mission embraces the duty of pro
viding that no Japanese women shall
be imported to this country for im
mcral purposes.
Room 17 of the Flood building has
been fitted ui> for the sessions of the
board. This morning the commission
will organize and select a chairman and
complete Its- plans to expedite the great
work before It.
The report of the United States Geo
logical Purvey on the flow, discharge
and reservoir sites of both the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin rivers will be
offered first, to be followed probably
by a report written several years ago
by James' B. Eads, constructor of the
great jetties of the Mississippi, and an
other prepared by J. Hamilton Hall,
former State Engineer, on the Sacra
mento overflow. Interested persons, in
cluding State officials, owners of inun
dated lands, engineers, mining men and
commercial men, will then be called
upon to suggest ways and means to
improve the situation.
After hearing these witnesses the
board, accompanied by many prom
inent men, will inspect the conditions
as they exist. A river steamer will be
chartered for the purpose, and It Is the
opinion at this time that tWe trip will
extend over a week or more. Every
bend, shallow and broken levee will be
shown the commission.
nings the members of the board said
they believed the meetings here, which
will extend over a period of perhaps
two weeks, should be open, and that
every one interested in the problem
should have an opportunity to express
his opinion and suggest a remedy.
REPORTS OX CONDITION.
arrived here Sunday from the East
and yesterday morning Mr. Chitten
den joined^his colleagues at the Palace
Hotel. Mr. Nurse is expected down
from Sacramento to-morrow. Lieuten
ant Colonel Heuer is permanently sta
tioned here with headquarters in the
Flood building. J. B. Llpplncott. su
pervising engineer of the United States
Geological Survey, with headquarters
in Los Angeles, whose data will furnish
the board with a groundwork for its
I labors, is due here in a few days.
HAVE COMBATED FLOODS.
Major Dabney and Mr. Richardson
have won their eminent positions in
the engineering world in successful
i combats with the floods of the Mis
sissippi River and many of the perma
i nent works that hold back these rush
| ing waters from cities and plantations
are the result of their engineering skill.
' Mr. Chittenden has had great experi
ence in problems similar to that that
now faces him, -the treacherous Kaw
River having been studied by him and
partly controlled through his , efforts.
Mr. Nurse's experiences with the floods
of the Sacramento and San Joaquin
basins, together with the fact that he
is the State Engineer, resulted in his
appointment on the commission.
Rufus P. Jennings, manager of the
California Promotion Committee and
chairman of the River Improvement
and Drainage Association, conferred
with the Eastern engineers yesterday
in order to ascertain their desires be
fore proceeding with the preparation of
their itinerary while here. To Mr. Jen-
fcpeakfn* for Senator Galllniffr and his asso
ciates of the Merchant Marine Commission, I
wish very earnestly to thank the Chamber of
Commerce for its kindly reception of the com
mission and for Its unremitting- efforts to make
the sessions here so thoroughly successful and
representative as they have been.
The hospitality of President Newhall and
your own prompt attention, anticipating every
possible need of the commission, will especial
ly be long: remembered by the Commissioners.
In no city of the country has a more Intelli
gent and widespread Interest in the merchant
marine been manifest, and the testimony gath
ered here, the Commissioners believe, throws
pome new and clear light upon this eerious
problem of the upbuilding of our ocean fleet.
The members of the Merchant Ma
rine Commission have expressed their
gratitude for the hospitality' extended
them in this city. The following let
ter was received yesterday by Secre
tary Scott of the Chamber of Com
merce from Secretary Marvin of the
commission:
Members of Merchant Marine Com
mission Express Gratitude for Hos
pitality Extended Them Here.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
GETS LETTER OF THANKS
ENGINEERS WHO WILL TRY TO DE- 1
VISE MEANS TO RECLAIM THE
FLOOD LANDS OF CALIFORNIA. j
When the trains reached here yester
day afternoon the majority of the pas
pengers were in an ugly mood. An
griest of all were the young women,
•who had Fuffered from the cold of the
mountains and who looked anything
but happy !n their soiled and wrinkled
picnic dresses. All freely expressed
their indignation over the treatment
riven them by the railroad company.
The officials rea'ized the justification
«'f the indignation and ordered the case
thoroughly investigated. It was not
long before they decided that Superin
tendent Wilder had bepn extremely
negligent, as he might easily have dis
patched a special train from this city
early Sunday afternoon and brought
the picnicker? back to San Francisco
the same night.
In consequence, Wilder was censured
by his superiors and given to under
stand that the matter* is not yet
closed. It certainly is not. for to-day
the committee of Xative Sons, repre
senting Precita Drum Corps, is due at
the railroad office for a settlement of
the expense account and it is expected
that its members will have something
to say regarding the manner their
ruests were treated by Wilder's divis
ion.
The first section of the train, how
ever, had bare!y started on its return
trip to this city when the rails spread
and another blockade was effected. A
wrecking train was sent out from San
Jose to repair the track, but it proved
an all night job. It was well into the
forenoon of yesterday when the track
was cleared and the fatigued and hun
gry picnickers started homeward. Dur
ing the night, while the majority of the
passengers remained aboard their
trains, a gang of roughs, who attended
the picnic, stormed the only liquor
store at Wrights and filling themselves
with whisky proceeded to offer every
possible annoyance to the people in the
cars and many indignities to young
women.
Early Sunday morning three sections
of a big train, bound for Sunset Park,
where a picnic under the auspices of
the Precita Drum Corps was to be
held, left the city. Everything went
well with the excursionists until they
had nearly reached Wrights Station,
when the locomotive of the forward
section left the rails and the three
trains were stalled. The passengers,
realizing that it" would be hours be
fore the engine could be placed on the
track, walked to the pleasure grounds,
a distance of six miles, and after a
half-day of merriment had all but for-
Kotten the inconvenience they had suf
fered in the morning. They walked
back to their trains at dusk, only to
discover that the engine had not been
enrailed. and were forced to await pa
tiently the achievement of this task,
which was accomplished about 8 o'clock
in The evening.
Three trainloads of picnickers, home
ward bound frcm Sunset Park in the
Santa Cruz Mountains, spent the
greater part of Sunday night and
Monday morning at Wrights Station,
huddled up in the chilly cars. When
they finally reached this city, about
2 o'clock yesterday afternoon, they
were the saddest and most dejected
lot of merry-makers that ever under
took an outing. The trouble was due
Uf an accident, but the railroad officials
have found occasion to severely cen
sure Superintendent Wilder for his ap
parent neglect in failing to send a res
cue train to the pent-up passengers,
who, for over eighteen hours, suffered
unnecessary hardships from lack of
comfortable quarters and much needed
food. i
Rev. H. O. Breeden. pastor of th«
Central Christian Church. Des Moine?
Iowa, delivered an address, choosiru
for his theme, "The Minister for To-
Day."
An announcement -was made yester
day that Rev. O. W. Ostrom of Minne
apolis, Minn., had accepted a call tr>
the Swedish Methodist Episcopal
Church, Howard street, between
Eighth and Ninth.
The annual rally of the Epworth
Leajrue Alliance will be held Thursday
evening 1 . August IS, at Trinity Metho
dist Episcopal Church. Rev. Francis
M. Larkin and H. S. Hall will b»
among the prominent speakers.
PTOfessor II. B. McAneney has bfsen
elected president of the Berkeley BibT^>
Seminary.
News wjs received yesterday by Rev.
F- A. Doane announcing that the serv
ices hold in the Mizpah Church, Camp
M*«»k<?r, which Dr. Doane recently ded
icated, w»re being well attended.'
Rev. John Thompson. D.D.. State su
perintendent of the California State Bi
ble Society, who forty-six years ago
began his labors in Bible work, has
submitted his annual report to the va
rious ministerial bodies of the city.
The Christian Ministers' Association
met yesterday afternoon in the Youns
Men's Christian Association building^
Rev. P. C. Macfarlain in the chair.
Professor John E. McFadyen of Knox
College, Toronto, Canada, spoke ou
"Methods of Preaching."
At the meeting of the Methodist Min
isters' Association in Epworth Hall
yesterday Rev. James M. Dixon, M. A.*,*
formerly of the Imperial University.
Tokio, Japan, received a cordial wel
come. He delivered an address ott
'"The Influence of the English and the
German Schools on Wesley's Life, and
His Founding of Methodism."
Miss Vail, who was a missionary in
Japan for twenty-five yeara, and Mrs.
Cadwallader addressed the meeting.
The crusade waged against the print
ers and distributors of obscene reading
matter and pictures in this city ha-i
taken strong form. The Congrega
tional Ministers' Association entered
the arena yesterday morninff and
joined hands with the Methodist Minis
ters' Association in its fljrht against
what is said to be a crowing eviL
Rev. F. A. Keast. who began tha
fight against the questionable method
of advertising, visited the Congrega
tional headquarters and was cordially*
received. After explaining his misssion
the association, without discussion*
promptly elected Rev. T. R. Earl, Dr.
W. C. Day and Rev. W. H. Scudder a
committee to act in the matter wirh
the committee appointed by the Metho*
dlst association. Professor Bade was
one of the speakers at the meeting.
One of the largest meeting3 of the
year of the Presbyterian Ministers' As
sociation was held yesterday morninff
at Presbyterian House. 920 Sacramento
street. Rev. J. YV. Fisher in the chair.
The State militia will leave different
parts of this State on Friday and will
find everything ready for their recep
tion on Saturday afternoon at the
camp. Arrangements for their recep
tion are complete. They will be there
on the same lines and under the sam«
jurisdiction as the men of the Federal
array.
General MacArthur, accompanied by
his aids and staff, left yesterday morn
ing at 8 o'clock for Camp Atascadero,
where he goes to witness the big bat
tle maneuvers which will be taken
part in by troops of the regular army
and State militia. The big exercises
begin Saturday, August 13, and will
last until August 27.
Colonel William M. Pitcher, with
his provisional regiment, composed of
men from the Tenth, Thirteenth and
Twenty-eighth infantries, with the
splendid band of the Twenty-eighth
Infantry, departed late yesterday
afternoon for Atascadero. Previous to
starting from the Presidio the troops
gave a fine parade, which was wit
nessed and applauded by a large num
ber of Spectators. The Fifteenth In
fantry, from Ord Barracks, left yes
terday for Camp Atascadero and by
neon to-day there will be nearly 3000
troops on the campgrounds.
Tha trial of Captain Frank A. Cook
came up before the court-rnartial at
the Presidio yesterday morning at 10
o'clock. olonel Charles Morris is
president of the board and Captain
John J. Baxdley is judge advocate.
The charges preferred against Captain
Cook are conduct unbecoming an of
ficer and a gentleman and that of
breaking a pledge to his commanding
officer that he would abstain from all
intoxicating liquors for three years
from March 3, 1903. Some half a
dozen witnesses were called before the
court yesterday to prove that they had
seen the exhibition which Captain
Cook made of himself in a resort on
the corner of O'Farrell street and
Grant avenue. The testimony offered
was practically all. on the same point.
It was to the effect that Captain Cook
had come into the resort in what ap
peared to be an intoxicated condition
and had so intruded his presence on
some patrons of the house that the
barkeeper was forced to eject him.
The result was a scrimmage on the
sidewalk, which wound up by Captain
Cook being arrested and taken to Jail,
where the next morning Judge Mogan
fined him $10 for disturbing the peace.
He sailed for Manila June 1, but
when the news of the rumpus reached
the ears of General MacArthur h<?
cabled to Honolulu and ordered Cook
back to San Francisco. Captain Cook,
it is reported, did not deny in any way
the scrimmage that took place, but he
was endeavoring to prove that his ac
tions were not caused by the use of
intoxicants. It will be some time be
fore the^trial is concluded, as it will
probably*be necessary to bring several
mpre witnesses to testify.
The whole of Schussler's testimony
was calculated to show that a municipal
water system without a series of stor
age reservoirs could not be used as a
basis on which to estimate the value of
the Spring Valley "plant. The hearing
win be resumed this morning.
"very little water was gathered, and
had it not been for the precautions
taken by us the city would have been
without water. The results might have
been disastrous. It happened, however,
that the preceding years, from 1893 to
1897, were very good, and with our sys
tem we had stored sufficient water to
carry us over."
According to Schussler, Grunsky fol
lowed as closely as possible the system
of the Spring Valley Company, but a
service on the lines laid down by Grun
sky would be dangerous, because vast
storage reservoirs are needed to tide
over the years of light rainfall. The
rapid increase of the population of the
city is also an important item.
The testimony given by Schussler was
largely a comparison of the system laid
out by Grunsky and that of the Spring
Valley Company, his object being to
show that a comparative value could
not be based on the water works
planned by Grunsky and made to apply
to the system of the Spring Valley
Company. The city's demand for water,
he said, has increased beyond expecta
tion, but owing to the precautions
taken by the Spring Valley Company
its residents have not suffered in yeara
of drought.
A map showing the annual rainfall
for some years was presented. It also
showed how much water had been
stored each year. The witness explained
variations in the rainfall and storage
by saying that after a dry year the
ground' would be so parched that a suc
ceeding wet year would not give the re
sults a layman might expect. The in
creased consumption of water for irri
gation purposes also reduced the sup
ply. As an instance of this Schussler's
figures showed that in April, 1894, the
reservoirs contained 24.000,000,000 gal
lons of water, while in February. 1904,
they contained but 10,000.000,000 gallons.
This falling oft was explained by in
creased Tnsumption, dry years and
evaporation.
"From 1897 to 1903." said the witness.
Herman. Schussler, chief engineer for
the Spring Valley Water Works, occu
pied the witness stand yesterday in
Judge Heacock's court during the hear
ing of the suit to declare illegal the
water rate fixed by the Board of Super
visors. The questions were all asked on
direct examination by Attorney Kel
logg for the water company, and elic
ited chiefly a mass of figures regarding
the rainfall and the capacity of various
reservoirs. Maps showing the rainfall
from year to year were admitted in evi
dence, and Schussler also compared the
Spring Valley plant with the one prom
ised by former City Engineer Grunsky.
Railroad Officials Kebuke
Superintendent for Not
Sending Cars to Rescue
Says Plant Suggested by
Grunsky Would Take Years
to Build and Still Be Unsafe
Declines Assistance of an
Attorney to Defend Him
and Is Fighting Alone
To reclaim millions of acres of the
richest land in California that have
been ¦withheld by the floods from the
use of man is the object of the board of
engineers employed by the River Im
provement and Drainaee A*s<* r -\a" r >~
of California, which will hold its first
meeting this morning in ,.«.»¦ .
building. The board is <--oi •¦ "i 1
Major T. G. Dabney of Clarkdale,
Miss.; Henry B. Richardson of .<ew.
Orleans; H. M. Chittenden, recently
employed by the Government in the
Yellowstone National Park, and M. A.
Nurse, engineer of the State Board of
Public Works. Though not a member,
Lieutenant Colonel William H. Heuer
of the United States Engineer Corps
will advise with the commission during
its sessions here.
Major Dabney and Mr. Richardson
Some Eminent Men Attend
Ministers' Meetings and
Deliver Sound Addresses
WILDER IS CENSUEED
YIGOK IN CHURCH WORK
COMPARISON OF PLANS
IS HIS 0WX COUNSEL
Distinguished Easterners Are Ready for Investigation of
the Great Reclamation Problem That Confronts Them
in Basins of the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers
Engineer Schussler Tells
of Care Taken to Provide
for Xeeds of the Public
Captain Frank A. Cook Is
Being Tried at the Pre
sidio on Two Charges
Three Trainloads of Ex
cursionists Spend Night
in Santa Cruz Mountains
Congregationalists Join in
the Fight Over Objection
able Advertising Hatter
ANGRY PARTY
OF PICNICKERS
CRUSADE GROWS
AGAINST VICE
BOARD OF ENGINEERS IS PREPARING
TO COMBAT FLOODS OF THE VALLEYS
LAUDS SPRING
VALLEY SYSTEM
CASE BEFORE
COURT-MARTIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1904.
14
AJDyjSRjriSEMEXTS.
Harvest for the Close Piano Buyer!
Pianos We've Been Telling StocK of Over One Hundred 9
You About. Used Pianos. j
Pianos we told you about In ad- Pianos not new, but practical l\
vertising of last week are here. worth of many b unimpaired. I
Two Dig Carloads Grand Opportunity for Good Piano §
New Pianos at Little Cost. [j
Placed in this Clearance. Sale of New and Used Space here will not permit of description?! and |j
Pianos this morning. Too bad to sacrifice on prices of more than a few. but our word for it, y
such goods— absolutely new pianos, all bright there's a piano in this stock and we guarantee it H-
- and glistening; direct from the factory — but shall be in good condition, for any price you want U
I we can't help it. These pianos came at to pay from $30 up— large, small and medium *j
the very worst time for us; every avail- size uprights, also splendid square pianos— twelve {
able inch of floor space was already taken. They to twenty different makes from which to choose. \\
have simply got to go, and we are making prices pianos which have been rented at $5 to $8 per !
£; Z'3o?"L?Z H Zco™\\r S £":i\% mar! month „ no, b e bo ng h. cn £fi ,.™,. ins,,,,, f
red and require further reductions in price. | | of paying rent you pay upon your own piano. | I
Brewster upright, new.'. . . . .$23O Hoffman upright, new $*££ Crown upright $17O Ij
Gilbert upright ............ 16O Kurtzmann upright, new. ... -9O Kimball upright 1 g5l
vjuuen upngiu ........ Emerson square 4O Hoffman upright, new 185 D
. Steinway square SO chickering upright 20o Decker & Bros, square Sr»||
Oxford upright 18u a. B. Chase upright 2S0 Knabe upright, new r»2r»
Bradbury square 25 Eachmann upright 1J>O Behning upright, new 31O
Tve'rson upright, new.... ... 14.% Paige & Co. upright 240 Weber square OO
Fischer upright ..V...'.. .... 1GO Stone & Co. square 7O Wing & Son upright ISO
Knabe square '.„'.;.... OO Mason & Hamlin upright. .. 28O Hobart M. Cable, upright. .. «1J»
Hale upright . 170 Brambach upright, new 295 Keller & Co. upright ISO
Schillar upright, new....... 200 Ivers & Pond upright 170 Clough & Warren upright.... 175 :
Kohler & Chase upright.... 235 Trowbndge upnght I60 New England upright 200
Weston upright, new:.. .... 125 Kohler & Chase upright -4O Albrecht upright 2G.» g
New England upright...... ISO Steinhauer upright 175 Blasius upright 37O |
Iverson upright new 155 Iverson upright, new 15O C. R. Hall square SO |
Kohler & Co. upright.. ..".. 1°° Robt. Fay upright..'. 165 Kohler & Chase upright 265 I
===STORE OPEN EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK j
Pianos and prices mentioned give only an inkling of bargains now in our stock. Best I
selections are now. Twill pay you to come just as early as you can. You can make no mis- j
take in visiting here, and if you have any notion of buying a piano you will quickly see that to Ij
buy now means the: most substantial saving you've ever been offered. . 3
m» '¦'•¦.• 1^1 /St (The Largest Music House on the CoasL) y
tVOnler iUb L>nflSe > Cor.PostandKearnySts. j
Ye Olde English Inn,
1<4 Mason st_ Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules'. *
£¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Y\\ Bnildia.fr up two or more stories; teartnr down prices In two 'fej
rau more lines of fnrniture. Wherever the noise of bnildinpr Is affecting: In
In the trade, the prices are cut to make the Interest keener. This H
!tl week, all metal beds from one-third to one-ball off. Other specials gfl
TO quoted below, equally strong. Bead the offer* we make. EjJ
m A DURABLE IRON BED One that wIU & lve sood service, and M
I siz.* £!?ular jTvVbed^.! 1 ! 1 - **' qUOted g£ «*. $180 I
1 $4 T 7 !' 1W^ E BED ffis« xt^oSl^obriraj 1
m ifaccT. cut to ..'.... •pO.yjD EM
H3 brass rails and knobs -. •$ 3.03 - In
If $15.00 BUTTERFLY BED L£l B \J*Ji: 1 ' i*i !t »» ffl
U foot wroupht in butterfly desl^ff S . spIndle - He *d and $H # 25 M
m $20.00 ENAMEL BED 5{H£ h i£v hea < s '* '*™» ' VpVndie. gnt m
m colors ;.„??? r apple green $14.75 m
U $2850 SOLID Bi^S-BED^^V^u^V^ik'ranteednn- U
H design. This week.. . . A .' . "^ ele<rant $14.75 M
U $3L50 BRASS BED l%: ln £ * p°? ts - ' high.* ' \ m&a . m
|§ This week 8l .\* . b f?. £ ££«£ **Z P rl «; $17.75 8
J& $38.50 SOLID BRASS BED ? f artl «» c design,' 'medium high ffij
W immense posts. This we«k . . . . 5.?.™* and 8tr0n? make - $24.50 W
B *«£L , BIC CUTS A^ RANDOM*' ¦
I 52 fn°g° Sffi£!££SK $17.75 "^e?^.?^.^ 1 - $185. JL
R J30.00 8-foot Table, same f in ne * 2 «°2 Oak "Mantel Folding CIO QQ Bl
i"J as above $Vf»iD • tJe< * •P**'»w v nu
BE $9.00 Carnegie Sanitary C£ « Q
IJ1 )25.00 -Buffet, golden or C17 Cn Steel Couch «|KJ.£J III
|,| weathered JH.JU $2.75 Wire Fabric Couch. «| fJC Wk
H $13.50 Golden Oak Dress- Crt lp •,« ! ?5 1< V,\* " ••••,* 1#OJ §51
M cr, bevel mirror $7.43 510.00 Golden wood seat ". «C flft H
|>1 Rocker , . . ¦¦
Kg 513.60 McKinley Arm- CTftC JC.00 Red Damask Tufted «A QC Wl
MB- Chair , + •+!>* Couch Eg