MAP OF SHANGHAI HARBOR, SHOWING HOW AMERICAN WARSHIP PROTECTED THE ASKOLD, AND A LIKENESS OF THE GENERAL ATTACKIXG PORT ARTHUR.
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 22.— Mrs, Kate C.
Chosin, .well ; known as an author,
especially, as a writer of stories of Cre
ole life in Louisiana, died to-day.
Writer of Creole Stories Dead.
* GRAND FORKS, N. D.. Aug. 22.—
Fifteen thousand and seventy-six per
sons have registered for claims on the
Fort Totten Indian reservation. The
drawing win begin Wednesday morn
ing at 9 o'clock, j
Many Register for Claims.
Latest Bulletin Reports Aged States
¦ man Sleeping After a Not Very
Good Afternoon.
WORCESTER. Mass., Aug. 22.— The
following bulletin was issued from the
home of Senator Hoar at 9 o'clock to
night by Rockwood Hoar:
"The Senator is asleep. He has not
had quite as good an afternoon as he
had yesterday. His condition Is i not
materially changed. The prospect is he
will have a quiet night.*.
SENATOR HOAR'S CONDITION
SHOWS NO IMPROVEMENT
Killed In Mine Explosion.
WALLACE. Idaho. Aug. 22. — In an
explosion at the Morning mine at Mul
lan, Idaho, this afternoon Z. Carter, a
miner, was killed and three other
miners injured. Of the latter D.
Carter, a brother of the dead man. i3
fatally wounded. The cause of th» ex
plosion is unknown.
YOSEMITE, Aug. 22.— George T. Har
low; former secretary of the San Fran
cisco Harbor Commission, and who was
appointed guardian of Yosemite Valley
and the Mariposa grove of big trees by
the Yosemite Commission, August 8.
reached here to-day. He succeeds the
present occupant, J. F. Stevens, . on
September 1. The guardian elect in the
next few days will make a tour of in
spection with the retiring guardian.
Xcw Guardian at Yosemite.
ROSWELL. N. M., Aug. 22. — John
Eiland. vice president of the Bank of
Portales. N. M., and a wealthy sheep
. man, has fallen into the hands of
brigands In Old Mexico, where he
¦w«»nt on business.
Mrs. Eiland has received a letter
from him postmarked Oputo, State of
Sonora, Mexico, Baying that he haa
• been captured, by brigands, who de
mand a heavy ransom, and that unless
arrangements are made to pay the
; ransoni he will be tortured and killed.
She immediately wired to the United
States Consul at the City of Mexico to
use his efforts to secure the release of
her husband. .
BANKER HELD FOR RAXSOM
BY BANDITS IX MEXICO
- "There were five desperate assaults
on the Green Hills July 26, the Japan
ese returning each time with ap
parently inexhaustible reinforcements.
On the final assault, however, the Jap
anese broke 'badly, throwing away
their guns, ¦¦ cartridge ¦ belts '¦¦ and even
their boots to facilitate their flight
LIAOYANG. Aug. 22.— The follow
ing is supplied by a j Russian corre
spondent of the Associated Press:
"With 'each additional report from
Port Arthur wonder increases both at
the persistence of the Japanese at
tack and the heroic stubbornness of
the defenders of the fortress. The
Japanese are literally throwing away
thousands of lives in the hope of shak
ing the courage of the Russian troops.
Major General Fock sends word that
he Is confident the fortress cannot be
taken, but that if it is taken the whole
Japanese army will have to immolate
itself on the -slopes of the fortifica
tions. V -~ "**
CLARK. S. D.. Aug. 22.— A tornado
struck Willow Lakes, destroying al
most the entire town and also build
ings in the vicinity. A farmer was
killed and sevpn persons injured, none
fatally.
Tornado Visits South Dakota.
BRYANT. N. D., Aug. 22.— A tor
•* nado in this vicinity wrecked many
buildings. Mrs. H. S. Hiltlng was
killeq\ her daughter was fatally hurt
and a number of others were seriously
injured. Loss of crops Is heavy- It is
• reported that Willow Lakes was en
tirely destroyed, but the report is un
confirmed.
North Dakota Crops Destroyed.
RICHMOND, Va.. Aug. 22.— In his
answer to the suit brought against him
by Mme. von Roques, mother of Mrs.
Florence Maybrick, D. W. Armstrong
intimates his belief that the British
Government was tricked into giving
Mrs. Maybrick a ticket of leave.
The answer is in the hands of Philip
B. Shield, an attorney of this city, to
be filed in the Chancery Clerk's office.
It is this action which the friends of
Mrs. Maybrick used as a means of per
suading the British Government to re
lease her.
The Baroness von Roques brought
suit several years ago, alleging that
Armstrong had persuaded her to part,
for *10,000, with lands which he subse
quently sold for millions. Mrs. May
brick was eaid to have an interest in
this property, and it was to punish the
persons who had defrauded her that
the British Government allowed her to
leave prison on a ticket of leave.
In his answer, Armstrong maintains
that she had no Interest In the lands.
The answer Is voluminous, consisting
of fifty typewritten pages, and goes
minutely into the details of Arm
strong's transaction with Mme. von
Roques and her agents and repre
sentatives. ,
The answer, upon its face, appears to
give rise to two principal questions,
the first being as to whether the estate
of Mrs. Maybrick, of which so much
has been heard in connection with the
agitation for her release, Is, a myth;
and, second, as to whether, apart from
what the facts may be as to Mrs. May
brick's interest, the transactions be-
Ep«dal Dispatch to The Call.
CEDARTOWN, Ga., Aug. 22. — "Jim"
Glover, a negro, was shot to death to
night near the home of the white girl
he had attacked and his body was
dragged a distance of about a mile
into this city and burned on the pub
lic SQua.re. A mob estimated at 500
composed the shooting and burning
party.
The crime for which the negro was
thus punished was an attack upon
Levia Reeves, the 13-year-old daugh
ter of a well-known farmer. The
story of the crime was the most re
volting that had ever been given to
the public from this immediate sec
tion. After the little girl had pro
tected the negro from the attack of a
large dog owned by her father he fol
lowed her to the pasture whither she
was taking a cow, caught her, choked
her into insensibility and left her
bleeding and unconscious in the field.
This occurred early this morning.
Bloodhounds were on the negro's trail
all day and he was captured some time
late this afternoon and carried to the
home of the girl, who unhesitatingly
identified him as her assailant.
In the meantime a crowd of 500
persons gathered and summary Jus
dice was meted out to the negro as
soon as it was learned that the young
girl had positively identified him.
The negro confessed his guilt. Im
mediately the crowd took him away
from the posse that had captured him
and his body was riddled with bullets
and afterward burned.
* — : — - — '.' , — V
tween Armstrong and Mme. von
Roques were characterized by any
semblance of fraud. .. . j
.. Many union men said the Demo
cratic or Socialistic party held out the
greatest hopes to union labor and ex
pressed bitterness toward President
Roosevelt for what they called his
share in the responsibility for the use
of troops In the Colorado strike
troubles.
The proportion of Roosevelt men
among the laborers was large and
there was a Democratic loss. The
Socialist vote showed a considerable
increase. The two large parties ran
close among the teamsters, there being
280?'for Parker and 277 for Roosevelt.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22. — Of 10.988
voters personally requested by the
Chicago Tribune to announce their
preference for President. 6504 named
Roosevelt, 3789 were for Parker and
548 expressed themselves for Debs,
the Socialist candidate. This is a gain
of 498 in the usual Republican vote
and a loss of 420 from the usual
Democratic vote.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 22.— On the Merri
mac River, three miles above Valley
Park, Harry Wright, grief stricken,
searched constantly to-day for the
body of his young wife, who until a
year ago was Miss Rene Miller of
Chico, Cal. Her death occurred yester
day afternoon as she and her husband
and Clyde' Brown, a friend, attempted
to shoot the Hoffmans Springs Rapids
in a canoe.
Mrs. "Wright knew little or nothing of
paddling and on entering the canoe ex
pressed a desire to learn. Her husband
allowed her to sit in the bow of the ca
noe while he paddled 'at the stern. Once
on the crest of the rapids the canoe ad
vanced with a lurch. Mrs. "Wright lift
ed her paddle from her side to that on
which her husband was paddling. In a
twinkling the canoe overturned, the en
tire party disappearing in the water.
Her body did not reappear.
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
Mrs. Maybrick Ac
cused in Legal
Document.
Tribune's Canvass
Shows Repub
lican Gain.
Awful Vengeance for
Attack on White
frirl
Drowns in Merrimac
in Sight of Her
Husband,'
LOXDOX, Aug. 23. — The Paris cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle
sends an extraordinary story, to the
effect that Russia is trying to induce
France to buy Argentine and Chilean
men of war for. the purpose of rein
forcing the Baltic fleet.
LONDON, Aug. 23. — According to
the Moscow correspondent of the
Morning Post Lieutenant General
Stoessel concluded a telcgnun to an
intimate friend there with the words,
"Farewell forever. Port Arthur will
be my, tomb."
SHANGHAI, Aug. 22. — The Viceroy
of Nanking: has refused the request of
Tnotai Yuan that a Chinese fleet be
dispatched to Shanghai. The Ameri
can Consul, J. Goodnow, declares that
he has no intention of interfering be
yond protecting American property.
Another meeting of the consular body
has been called for 3 o'clock this af
ternoon to further consider the As
kold-Gromoboi situation.
ROOSEVELT
IS POPULAR
IN CHICAGO
CALIFORNIA
GIRL MEETS
TRAGIC END
HOB KILLS
NEGRO AND
BURNS BODY
SAYS KING'S
MINISTERS
WERE DUPED
Great Sacri=
fice of Life
Continues.
BAKERSFIELD. Aug. 22. — A heavy
cloudburst In the Tehachapl Moun
tains at 3:30 this afternoon has result
ed in a complete tieup of traffic on
both the Santa Fe and Southern Pa
cific south of Bakersfield. Two hun
dred feet of track is washed out two
miles north of the town of Tehachapi
and tunnel No. 12 is completely block
ed with earth and gravel. A water
tank has also been washed away."
The Santa Fe limited, westbound:
the Southern Pacific overland, west
bound, arid the Owl from .Los Angeles
are stopped, while the Southern Pa
cific, eastbound, and the Owl, south
bound, will be held at Bakersfield.
Traffic will not be resumed until to
morrow.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 22. — An un
expected rainstorm coming from San
Bernardino to the coast and spreading
out like a fan traversed the valleys of
this and Ventura and Orange counties
this afternoon, the precipitation in
many places being three-fourths of an
inch. In the mountains the rainfall
was much heavier, in places amount
ing to two inches or more. Only at
Covina is any serious damage report
ed. Hay in places was damaged, but
the loss will not be serious. This 13
the second heavy summer storm with
in two weeks, but this time it was un
accompanied by a high wind.
COVINA, Aug. 22.— A terrific light
ning and thunder storm, accompanied
by heavy rain, burst over this city
shortly before noon to-day, and the
absence of fatalities is considered
miraculous. The flashes came la quick
succession and appeared to strike every
time.
A large tree severity- five feet high in
the grounds surrounding the residence
of Mrs. Platt-Larkins, at the corner of
Center and Third streets, was splint
ered into a hundred parts, many of
them the size of fence rails. The frag
ments, some weighing 800 pounds, were
scattered from eighty to a hundred
feet in every direction. Mrs. Larklns
and her daughter, who were alone In
the residence, were stunned by th»
shock.
The Covina Valley Meat Market, two
blocks to the north of the Larklns
house and In the very center of tha
business section of the town, was next
struck. The lightning melted the tele
phone and electric •wires, burned out a
transformer, twirled the steel cleaver
out of the hands of a butcher named
Monroe, who was working at the block,
and fired the woodwork Just above the
doors. By the quick application of a
few bucketfuls of water a serious con
flagration was averted.
The next flash struck the substation
of the Pacific Light and Power Com
pany, near the Southern Pacific depot,
setting fire to the transformers, which
are a total loss. The fire burned fiercely
for several hours. This leaves the city
in total darkness to-night and until
such time as the transformers can be
replaced. The loss to the company will
amount to 512,000.
A barn on the Winkler ranch was
struck and George Jeffrey, who was
feeding the horses, was stunned by the
shock. Damage was also done to the
local telephone system. Steady rain fell
all this afternoon.
Special Dispatch to Tfca Call.
It is believed at least fifty homes were
* Trashed away. As the flood came early
In the evening It is thought that every
one was warned in time to escape.
The Santa Fe railroad is washed out
In manv places and seven bridges be
tween Eilver City and White Water
are out. An arroyo, twenty feet deep
and a hundred feet wide, runs through
Eilver City end this was overflowed.
Many stores suffered considerable
damage.
ASH FORK. Ariz.. Aug. 23.— Traffic
on the main line of the Santa Fe Rail
road is again completely tied up. A
ever* washout occurred this after- I
noon near Peach Springs and all
trains are beinj? held at that point.
The heavy rains and cloudburst of last
week washed out a large portion of
the roadbed in the vicinity of King
nxan and at other points near 'there
and the downpour to- Jay " evidently
wrecked the- temporary repairs.
Another severe washout has occurred
"at Yucca, a small Etation near Sellg
man. Ariz., where the flood of lastnveek
carried • away a large bridge and the
etone foundation, weighing over 600 j
tons. Train No. 2, from Los Angeles
to Chicago, managed to get over the
temporary structure this afternoon, but
now it is reported that a great volume
of water is washing over the tracks.
The Santa Fe officials who are now at j
.Ash Fork have ordered a tie-up on
westbound passenger trains.
Xos. 7 and 3 and the Culvert special,
. which is carrying delegates to the
. Knights Templar convention in San •
Francisco, will be held until further
notice.
Train No. 7 has sixteen cars, two of
which are filled with soldiers from Co
lumbus, Ohio, en route to the Philip
pines. It was thought possible that the
Santa Fe trains could be switched over
to the Southern Pacific tracks and sent
to California by way of Phoenix, but
reports were received here late to-night
that the Southern Pacific is experienc
ing even greater trouble.
• "Washouts have occurred in Arizona
«n the Southern Pacific, and It will
perhaps be two days before trains can
be moved on that line.
EL PASO, Tex.. Aug. Zl.— The hea
viest flood of water that Silver City,
N. M., has ever known swept through
thff town last night after a severe
cloudburst In the mountains above. No
Iocs of life has yet been reported, but
Trees Are Splintered and a Cleaver h
Knocked From Butcher's Hand,
but No Lives Are Lost
Tourist Knights Given Opportunity to
Enjoy Frontier Life in
Ash Fork.
May Not Be Able to Pro
ceed to San Francisco
: lor Several Days.
Every Portion ol tbe Town
Receives Visit From
Lively Bolts.
Residents oi Covina
Witness Queer
• Storm.
Special Train Held
at Small Town
in Arizona.
TEMPLARS
STALLED BY
A WASHOUT
LIGHTNING
PLAYS SOME
ODD PRANKS
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 22.— A dispatch from Chefu, dated August 22, says that according to Chinese reports the Japanese yes
terday bombarded Port Arthur from 6 o'clock in the morning until 1 o'clock in the afternoon, pouring in heavy fire, but that the
Russians succeeded in silencing the Japanese batteries. The Japanese fleet was not engaged, having put farther out to sea.
PORT ARTHUR WITHSTANDS TERRIFIC CANNONADE
AND SLAVS CLAIM THAT FOE'S GUNS A RE SILENCED
TjtB \WBATKEB. :;.;;•;.-.
7oreckct sutd* at Baa Praa
clsoo loir thirty hours eafllar
mlflalgrht, Aturu«t S3:
San rranenbtt^and vicinity—
Cloudy Tnecdayi light soath
winds, chaarlnr to brisk west
erly. A. Q. MCA PIE,
District Forecaster. -
THB TH2ATXSS.
Alonr gTha-Tria* of Jwurlco." ,
Calif oral* — "The Man of Mys
tery.". \ - - ; ' .. hg
Central— »± ppy at Port Arthur.""
ColumMa£-"Candittair l ci '• \^ «
Ciixte» — Yauflcflpe. j ; ,',-. r v . .
Pl»ch«r'»4-"AjUleiii»««-»n«lx^'.- \ .
Grand — "Held "by tlxa Enemy." '
Orplietrin— ?auaeylUeT" 1 '" 1 "' -.- - -
Tivoli — "The Toreador."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 84.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1904.
The San Francisco CallNAGASAKI. Aug. 22.— -The Russian
cruiser Sungari, which -was sunk by
the Russians near Chemulpo at ihtt
Slar Cruiser for Nippon's Nary.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 22.—^-The
rigor of the divorce laws, which for
merly did not allow a husband br.wlfe
guilty of infidelity to marry again ex
cept after seven years' irreproachable
conduct, has been modlfledby the' Holy
Synod making the' period two' years
in case the. offenders agree to do pub
lice penance according " t# the direc
tion of their Bishops.- The newspapers
hail this modification as being' a step
in the right direction and" express the
hope that the Draconian laws govern
ing, divorces, which date back, to: the
Byzantine epoch, will be further
amended in conformity .with .the re
quirement8 of modern life. • '¦'¦'¦¦ :k. ,
RIGOR OF RUSSIAN DIVORCE- V
LAWS IS GREATLY MODIFIED
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 22. — The
Emperor has received a report dated
yesterday from the Russian comman:
dant at Korsakovr'-. island of Sagha
lien, as follows:
"Since 7 o'clock this morning the
enemy has bombarded Korsakovsk."
The Government houses have been de
stroyed." One of the enemy's ships ap
peared on the horizon at about 6 in
the morning, approached to within
about five and a quarter miles of the
shore and bombarded Korsakovsk un
til 8cl5, when the vessel^turned and
disappeared. The damage done to the
town was . Quite Inconsiderable. There
were no casualties."
Japanese Warships Shell Russian Port
on Saghalien Island.
KORSAKOVSK BOMBARDED.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— It ap
pears that the representations of the
Slate Department to the Government
of Russia relative to recognition of
American passports issued to natural
ized Russian Jews was forwarded to
Embassador McCormick from Wash
ington early last July, so that the Em
bassador probably has been holding it
at .the embassy awaiting a favorable
moment for its presentation to the
Foreign Office. It is surmised that the
belief that the present is a favorable
moment is based upon the fact' thjit
as an incident to the birth of an. heir
to the Russian throne the Czar is sup
posed to be in a generous mood and
consequently more likely now -than at
any other time to listen to such an ap
peal as McCormick has made.
Resulted in Putting Czar in
Generous Mood.
Birth of an Heir Is Supposed t6 Have
HOPE FELT FOR SUCCESS
OF McOORMICK'S APPEAL
The Columbine, formerly the Hiarta,
is a single sc^w steel vessel and was
purchased by the British Government
in 1897 to assist in the supervision of
the fisheries in Newfoundland waters.
She is 2G0 tons displacement, is 133
feet long and is capable of making
nine knots' an hour. She was built in
1889.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 22. — The
storming of Port Arthur, which the
foreign dispatches say Is progressing,
is riveting all attention. The' brave,
stubborn resistance which General
Stoessel is making is evoking high
praise and the War Office and public
are hoping almost against hope that
he will be able to hold out in spite of
the heavy odds against him. The lat»
est news, that the Japanese are un
able to obtain a foothold in Louisa Bay
and at the most westerly fort of the
inner defenses, is considered encour
aging.
An official dispatch from Rear Ad
miral Prince Ouktbmsky at "Port Ar
thur, by way of Chefu, says»that only
two officers were killed on board the
ships which returned to .the harbor
after the fight of August 10, but his
information about the condition of the
ships is not satisfactory, the Admir
alty explaining that , he probably
avoided going into specific details ow
ing to fear that the dispatch might
fall into the.hands of the Japanese.
News that the Port Arthur squad
ron has again sailed out Is expected at
any hour, as Prince Ouktomsky's or
ders are imperative to go out or de
stroy his ships beyond the possibility
of repair before the fortress falls.
Port Arthur's Stubborn Defense Re
vives Hope in St. Petersburg.
STOESSEL IS RUSSIA'S HERO.
ST. JOHNS, Newfoundland, Aug. 22.
The British gunboat Columbine,' one
of the vessels of the squadron patrol
ling the Newfoundland fisheries, struck
on a rock to-day in Snooks Arm, Green
Bay, and it is feared that she will be
come a total loss. The whaling ves
sels vainly tried to pull the Columbine
off the rock. The gunboat Fantome
left here to-night for the purpose of
trying to float the Columbine, and if
that should be impossible to save her
gear.
Columbine Strikes Rock -Near New
foundland Shores and Efforts to
Pull Her Off Are in Vain.
BRITISH GUNBOAT MAY
BECOME A TOTAL LOSS
The Japanese^ have' guns 'mounted
on nearly all : the hills which formerly
formed Russian" outposts and their fire
is so accurate that the hospitals . and
Chinese houses are full of Russian
wounded. r -—"" ¦ .¦
. The Chinese go - on to say that the
dead, until ready for burial, are stored
in a warehouse and then are buried
in ..the outskirts of > the town, quick
lime being used freely to prevent in
fection. ". ; A . .
.Three large ships and two gunboats
are being repaired In • the dockyards
and in the basin; ' the other ships lie
in shelter behind the . Tiger's >¦ taiL '
. The temperament of the Russian gar
rison is dogged and determln«d. Gen
eral .Stoessel, who Is a heavy man,
rides ceaselessly his chargers, which
are showing the strain upon them, al
though the general changes his mounts
frequently. Both officers and soldiers
have grown Indifferent to the . shells
which, enter the town frequently. . Re
cently, the Chinese Theater was hit and
a score of persons were killed and
wounded. One shell exploded in the
corral of the Chinese who tell the story,
killing five donkeys.
. Civilians are allowed to leave the
bomb-proofs during the lulls, in- artil
lery .flre, but 'these intermissions- are
rare and everybody Is worn and anx
ious over the situation.
An unusual proportion of young
company officers have been killed,
which is partially owing to their du
ties and much to their reckless daring.
While the Russians apparently .believe
they will hold the Japanese in check,
their confidence in successful resistance
is i .' nbt ; absolute. •
¦ Pigeon Bay had been the scewe of
fighting several days before the final
assault had begun, the Japanese never
being able to hold for long any terri
tory they might have gained. Their
attacks were made mostly at night,
during foggy days and misty mornings.
The Japanese believe that their su
perior physiqel condition will win the
battle for them by wearing the Russian
garrison, which is constituted of less
hardened material, down to; the point
of exhaustion, by the persistency of
their attacks and their refusal to ac
cept a repulse. ; 4
The steamship Victoria, which ar
rived this evening from Newchwang.
reports having witnessed spasmodically
heavy firing at Louisa and Pigeon
bays, respectively northwest and west
of Port Arthur, between 10 o'clock last
night and 1 o'clock this morning. She
saw : searchlights playing freely and
skyrockets signaling at 1 o'clock this
morning. The ship was too far away
to hear or see anything further.
Chinese just arrived, who bring the
latest information from Port . Arthur,
were employed by the Russian mili
tary authorities carting the dead off
the field and also in carrying ammuni
tion, which they say is plentiful. They
confirm the statement that the Liaotai
promontory was not assaulted, for the
reason that it is Impregnable from the
seaside and the Japanese are unable
to move upon it from the north.
The Japanese main attack has been
the heaviest against the Russian center
and right, particularly against the cen
ter, fronting which the Japanese have
taken up a strong position at Shushi
yen.
CHEFU, Aug. 22.— It is asserted in
reliable quarters at Port Arthur that
the Japanese have received reinforce
ments of 30,000 men from the north.
Thirty Thousand Fresh Troops to
Take Part in Assaults.
BESIEGERS REINFORCED.
hltelnl Incident Will Be Repeated.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 22.— .The
dispatches saying that energetic action
had been taken by the American war
ships at Shanghai to protect the neu
trality of China has aroused the •live
liest satisfaction in official and unof
ficial circles here. The protected
cruiser Askold and the torpedo-boat
destroyer Grozovoi will be disarmed.
The Admiralty realizes that It would
be folly to send the ships out to face
the Japanese squadron in the offing,
and, as announced in these dispatches
last week, had already decided that
the ships shall be disarmed.
The refusal of the Russian Consul
General at Shanghai to comply with
the requests of the taotai is. it is said
at the Foreign Office, due to the fact
that no agreement had " previously
been reached between the Chinese and
Japanese authorities, and Russia did
not propose to allow the Chinese to
disarm the ships, as they did in the
case of the Ryeshitelni at Chefu, with
the possibility that they might subse
quently be attacked by the Japanese in
port, f '¦'-''/¦*¦
Russia's Delay Due to Fear That Kyes-
ASKOLD WILL BE DISARMED.
LIAOYANG, Aug. 22. — Japanese
troops in considerable force are con
centrating on the southern front of the
Russian army and there is continual
skirmishing, but no immediate pros
pect of a big battle.
During the night they keep up firing
on the Russian outposts, but the Rus
sian troops have strict orders not to
reply. •
The Chinese say that 30,000 Japan
ese troops with 200 guns have landed
at Yinkow, part of these troops going
to Newchwang and part, to Haicheng.
No Immediate Prospect of an Attack
Upon Kuropatkin.
BIG BATTLE IS DELAYED.
DURBAN, j Natal, Aug. 22. — The
British steamship Comedian, from
Liverpool, July 24, arrived here to
day and reported that she was stop
ped by a Russian converted cruiser
yesterday off the mouth of Bashee
River, in the southeastern part of
Cape Colony. After the Comedian's
papers h*td been examined she was al
lowed" to proceed.
An officer of the Comedian asserted
positively that the Russian vessel wa3
the Smolensk. He added that the
Comedian was not boarded, but that
her papers were examined in a boat
from the cruiser.
Captain 'Declares the Cruiser Smo
lensk Is ; Again Raiding.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP STOPPED.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 22. — John Good
"iiow, the American Consul General,
who.is dean of the consular corps, pre
sided at the meeting of the foreign Con
suls held here to-day. All foreign coun
. "tries with consulates here were repre
' *ented.. Odagiri. the Japanese Consul,
"and Kleinmenoff, the Russian Consul,
, were in attendance.
Odagiri, who left a sick bed to attend
the meeting, made a vigorous pro
test against the presence of the Rus
sian cruiser AEkoId and the torpedo
bo£t destroyer Grozovoi in Shanghai
harbor, and declared that China had
failed in her duties as a neutral power.
He asserted that the Japanese had the
right to take the independent step of
entering the harbor and seizing the two
vessels. The attitude of Odagiri was
warlike and uncompromising.
Klcinmenoff protested against the en
tering of the harbor yesterday by a
Japanese torpedo-boat destroyer, and
insisted upon the right of the two Rus
iflan warships in question to remain
arid repair damages. A suggestion
made by the British Consul to refer the
entire subject to Peking was adopted.
in the meantime the work on the As
kold is to cease for forty-eight hours.
and no further Ft>eps are to be taken by
The .Consuls, who will await Instruc
tions, from their respective govern
ments.
;" I(*was unanimously decided by the
Consuls that China cannot shirk hev
responsibility as a neutral state by
handing this question over to the Con
pulsfor adjustment.
; Neither Rear Admiral Stirling nor
Consul Ooodnow has b<?«n instructed
by Washington as to what course to
pursue. Consul Goodnow has done his
utmost to bring about a peaceful set
tlement, and he has the full confidence
of the foreign residents in the matter
cf .protecting the settlements in case
tne Japanese should attack the Askold
tfnd the GrozovoL
The British fleet is expected to reach
h^re* to-morrow.
Rear Admiral Stirling says that the
trip -of the American lorp^do-bjat rte-
Ftroyer Chauncey from Woosung to
Fhanghai yesterday was to carry dis
patches. Her movements had no con
nertJon Tilth the arrival of the Japa-
T1PRP tnrripHn-hnnt ripstrnver
\mi:rica to hold aixjof
Instructions to Goodnow Will Keep
Stirling's Fleet Inactive.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.— Consul
• General Goodnow cabled the State De
partmpnt that the conference of foreign
« Con5uls at Shanghai, which adjourned
this monning, was resumed in the after
noon. After a good deal .of discussion
no was offered for the present
condition of affairs, and it was sug
gested that each Consul report directly
* to his own Government, asking what
had'bopn done, if anything. Goodnow
Jiad no g'jg:geF!ions to offer to the State
Department. He has been given in-
Vtruttions which, it is believed, will
prevent the United States being en
tacgled in the settlement of the ques
tion *of China's neutrality at Shanghai.
It is asserted positively at the Navy
Department that the American fleet at
Shanghai is not charged with the pro
tection of Chinese neutrality by any
special instructions. The officials here
are* convinced that the Japanese have
. no intention of violating Chinese neu
• trality. and, furthermore, that they
w«uld not Jeopardize the immensely
valuable foreign interests of Shanghai
c*by making the harbor a naval battle-
LONDON, Aug. 22.— Interest in official
diplomatic circles; in London centered
: at Shanghai, where British interests are
strongly appealing for protection. Great
Britain, however, would prefer. that the
United States take the initiative in
maintaining the neutrality .of China,
Great Britain's position as the ally of
Japan making her situation delicate
unless her interests are directly- men
aced. It is true, the officials Bay, .that
Great Britain agreed to "the principle
of the neutrality of China, but she did
not agree to enforce it. Throughout the
discussion relative to the Askold and
Grozovoi she has thus far held the view
that it is none of her business, and the
extent to which Great Britain has gone
has been to point out to China the im
portance of maintaining her neutrality,
whichever belligerent is thereby affect
ed. The British Government hopes that
the pressure of the consular body at
Shanghai will make China take action
to enfore her neutrality, thereby estab
lishing a precedent that may prevent a
repetition of similar incidents in the
future.
Regarding the Askold and Grozovoi,
the Russian embassy here asserts that
the mere fact of a' cruiser repairing in
order to put herself in a seaworthy
condition Is no violation of China's
neutrality and that after the repairs
are completed the question whether the
ship shall be dismantled or must put to
sea can be determined. It is further
claimed that, should the Askold and
Grozovoi go to sea, they have the right
to leave together and not necessarily
separately.
the Lead at Shanghai.
Prefers That the United States Assume
ENGLAND TO TAKE NO ACTION.
"The Japanese fire an average of
800 shells daily and they keep up the
tire both day and night."
"The Japanese are mapping the
town by for the purpose of
bombardment and they are assisted In
this task by a Chinese engineer, who
recently deserted t>> them.
"The assaults of July 28 and July 29
cri the Wolf Hills were not followed
up," the Japanese tfeing too severely
shaken. We evacuated the Wolf Hills
chiefly for strategic reasons, as the
hills made the line of defenses top.
long to effectually withstand^the. furi
ous attacks of the Japanese. 5 ¦"¦'_
"The assault of July 30 was made in
the dark of night in the hope of sur
prising thevRussians. Sixty thousand
men were hurled against our 13,000,
but. we f drove ! them back again ami
again at the point of the bayonet. It
was another Shipka Pass. * . •
VThe Japanese poured in fresh bat-,
talions, and the slqpes, covered with
the dead and dying, literally ran with
blood.- '. .
"Our Thirteenth Regiment was
forced from its position, but the Four
teenth Regiment came up and with
the bayonet again dislodged the vic
tors.
"As nearly as can be ascertained,
this assault cost the Japanese 10,000
men. The Japanese losses since the
siege began have been 28,000 men.
The explosion of. one mine destroyed
5000. This was an awful sight. A
volcano of stones dismembered the
bodies of the soldiers, while the sky
was lit up with a purple glare and the
mud walls of the Chinese village were
thrown down by the shock. After this
fight General Stoessel collected 20,000
Japanese rifles.
"The Japanese installed twenty siege
guns oh the Wolf Hills on August 8.
Four are twelve-inch guns. . They have!
not yet reached our shore batteries,
which are still out of range, but they
have damaged the drydock and trie
railway, station.
and leaving 7000 dead or wounded.
. "Our' surgeons worked heroically,
impartially aiding Japanese and Rus
sians. The Japanese were so touched
that they tearfully thanked the Rus
sian surgeons. .» ..'.-> .
"The assault on the Green Hills was
repeated on July 27, and there were
frequent hand-to-hand encounters, the
Russians leaving the trenches to fol
low their enemies.
The Hipsang was passing Pigeon
Bay, within the three-mile limit, on
July 16/ when the forts fired four
times across her bows. She Refused
to stop, according to the story that
was cabled from Chefu shortly after
the occurrence, and four shots were
then fired into her side. As she still
continued to steam ahead a Russian
torpedo-boat destroyer ran out and
sank her.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 22.— Evidence
given before a naval" court to-day
shows the Bhelling and sinking of the
steamship Hipsans by the Russians to
have been a reckless and : wanton act
The name of the torpedo-boat de
stroyer which sunk the Hipsang is not
known. No provocation of any kind
for ihe sinking of the steamship had
been given. She was on her regular
course from Newchwang to Chefu and
her lights were burning brightly.
There were seven Europeans and
eighty-three Chinese on board the
Hipsang. The Europeans and sixty
nine of the Chinese were saved unin
jured. Nine Chinese were wounded
and three were killed on board the
vessel. "One Chinese is missing and
probably was killed. Another was
drowned by the capsizing of a boat.
Sinking of the Hipsang Said to Have
Been Unwarranted. < /.;<?,¦*
.WANTON ACT ALLEGED.
Lieutenant Molas also distinguished
himself. A shell entered the compart
ment where he was directing the fixe
and set fire to the deck, on . which a
number of charges were standing about.
Then came- an eight-inch shell, which
scattered the charges and caused a ter
rific explosion^, which' threw the men In
every direction and hurled Lieutenant
MolaB on the upper deck. Fortunately
he fell -on a heap Vof dead bodies and
escaped with severe bruises. ¦¦ , .-.
Dense, fire and smoke were then pqur
ing out of the compartment, but Lieu
tenant Motes did not hesitate for a mo
ment. Calling for volunteers he plunged
headlong into the flaming compartment
and succeeded in putting out the fire. "
Another officer, followed by a^number
of sailors, brought a hose anil played
water upon Lieutenant Molas and his
men while they were removing the.un
exploded charges, regardless of the fact
that they might have exploded , at any
minute In their hands. iraH
.Only one of' the dead was 'brought
back— Captain ''Berlinski - of the Rossla.
His remains lay in a coffin near an ikon
of the Savior, the glass f rame .of which
was smashed., The image, however,
miraculously escaped;. ; . • * i .. -'
; '- All the- others who- wer« killed ; were
buried at sea, a farewell, salute beirur
'. -v-' .- ¦ ¦ - •¦'- ¦¦•• -'¦¦....-.¦-. *
BRAVERY OF A LIEUTENANT.
Subsequently, learning that the men
were depressed by the fact that he had
been wounded a second time, 'the cap
tain insisted after the. second dressing
on being supported along the decks to
the casements, encouraging the sailors,
saying:
"I am alive, brothers. Go on smash
ing the Japanese."
I When Captain Andreieff of the Rossla
ascertained that only three out of her
twenty big guns could be fired he cool
ly gave orders to get explosives in read
iness to sink the ship. Captain An
dreieff is usually nervous, but In battle
he was surprisingly cool. When not
giving orders he was cheerfully con
versing with the gunners at their, sta
tions.
Captain , Berlinski . .was . killed by a
splinter -which struck him on the head
at the outset of the fight.
No sooner had he entered than a shell
struck the foot of the tower, glancing
upward to the overhanging cover, and
entered through the peephole, killing a
lieutenant and two j quartermasters,
wounding two lieutenant,? and again
wounding Captain Dabich in the head
and breast. Not a single man in the
tower escaped. There being no one to
steer, the ship, the captain, severely
wounded though he was, dragged him
self to the wheel and managed it until
another quartermaster had been sum
moned.
Some - .of - the - Japanese- shells per
formed queer actions. On, the Rossia
a shell, burst in a. clothes cupboai-d.
Garments therein v.:r'p torn to shreds,
but a mirror was, not scratched. Photo
graphs and knicknacks on a writing
table near by were not disturbed.
In another part of the cruiser the
walls were blackened by the smoke of
a fierce fire in which eight men were
burned alive,, yet an almanac on the
wall was not even scorched. Aboard
the Gromoboi a shell entered the Avard
room and wrecked the furniture, but a
parrot cage was untouched.
AH the officers are full of praise for
the coolness and bravery of the men,
who died in the battle without a mur
mur. Comrades took their places with
out awaiting orders. It was deadly
work on the upper deck, where, the
gunners were without protection and
shells striking, bursting into a thou
sand fragments, kiljing and wounding
men until the deck became a veritable
shambles — strewn with dead and dying
and slippery with blood. Not a single
gunner protected by casements lost his
life. The value of protective armor was
demonstrated, whenever shots struck
the armor portion of the vessel.
Many deeds of heroism were displayed
during the ; five hours' battle, but the
greatest praise of all belongs to Cap
tain Dablch of the Gromoboi, who re
mained at his post on the bridge from
the beginning to the end of the fight.
When wounded in the back he persisted
in resuming command directly the
wound had been dressed.' but yielding
to the entreaties of his officers he
sought shelter in the conning tower.
WOUNDED A SECOND TIME.
The Gromobof ' and ¦ the -Rossla p're*
sent shattered appearances. >. Their
smokestacks'" show great rents/ while
the masts, bridges arid ventilators look
like sieves and there "are ..marks of
battle everywhere. Guns are disman
tled, boats shattered and: there are.
enormous holes in the cruisers', hulls
through which a man couldeasily pass.
Many of the cabin's 1 were completely
wrecked. -^ : , '
FREAK ACTION* OF SH EL.L.S. '
until the Hextday.
crosses of 1 St.TGeorge. -...— *.'
¦The death -of Lieutenant "Brash., of
the cruiser 'Gromoboi .Is ' reported to
have been particularly.tragic^ .He was
hurled from, the bridge of the cruiser
by the explosion of a shell. Although
mortally ."" wounded ¦ the lieutenant
pulled himself : together, and continued
to issue orders and encourage the' men
until he Vas ' removed . betwee/i decks.
A man seriously wounded by the same
shell 1 continued doing'his duty^ and did
not report to the surgeon for. treatment-,
There is a J)ig reserve of naval guns
here, all' ready for Installation, and
officers and. men. have . been already
chosen from the Siberian reserves to
fill up the, places' of those who were
"killed or wounded In the fight with
Vice Admiral Kamimura's squadron.
Captain Berlinski, who was mortally
wounded in the battle with the Japanese
squadron an August 14, was buried last
.Wednesday with impressive military
honors. Nearly all the inhabitants of
the to wn^attended - the funeral. Most of
the wounded officers now in the hos
pital- are -expected .to , recover and of
the wounded men 'the recovery of 312
is now assured." ". ' • .. • .
Vice "Admiral Skrydloff . has visited
the hospltair-complimented the surviv
ors and distributed ... among • them
VLADIVOSTOK, "Aug. 22.— Repairs
to the cruisers Rossla and j Gromobol
are proceeding rapidly. It Is believed
it will be possible, to, complete them
without docking the vessels and that
it will -take a comparatively short
time. :,.": - ¦
beginning of the war to prevent her
capture. by the Japanese and which
was subsequently floated by the latter,
has arrived here in tow.
ground. No Instructions have been
sent to Admiral Stirling to interfere
with the action of the Japanese officials.
Consul General J.Goodnow cabled to
the State Department to-day from
Shanghai telling of the appearance of
the Japanese vessel in the harbor there.
He made no mention • of the reported
action of the American torpedo-boat.
The cablegram referred to the valuable
American property on the docks near
where the Russian cruiser is, and also
said that the Russian Consul General
had refused" to disarm the Askold.
Consul General Fowler cabled" the
State Department to-day from Chefu
that the Chinese local authorities there,
as well as the Chinese population, are
greatly alarmed over the prospect that
a Japanese fleet would land men at
Chefu and seek to destroy the •wireless
telegraph system which has been oper
ating with Port Arthur.
the Novik nay that the gallant ship,
which was In the hrbor of Korakovsk,
on sighting the two Japanese ships,
steamed out to meet them and upon
finding, herself unable to sustain the
unequal combat ran back to the har
bor and was beached. Full details of
the casualties are not ascertalnable,
except that one officer was killed.
fired as the bodies were slid over the
ship's side.
BOW THE XOVIK WAS LOST.
Combat With Two Warships.
Baached by Her Crew After Unequal
ST.' PETERSBURG. Aug. 22.— The
official reports" of the destruction of
TALE SOUNDS
LIKE ROMANCE
MAY TAKE OVER
CANAL PROJECT
Florence Lynch Describes
¦ How She Made Her Escape
Froni, the <r Holy J umpers"
Steps Are Being Taken to
Apply for the First Time
Terms of Irrigation Law
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO," Aug. 22.—Flor
ence Lynch, ¦ the little "girl who was
taken under/ the protection of the fam
ily of a/ local. merchant, tells a rather
sensational ' story of her" escape: from
the house in Which she, was cdnflned by
Jhe. Holy- Jumpers. She says she was
kept under the constant vigilance of an
old' woman and never let out of aroom
for* three days.' She finally was per
h^itfe^, after much..pleadlng, to go into
fhe.Va-fd. to feed the rabbits* While
there 'she managed to remove the nail
th.it- fastened her "window and that
night escaped" through the casement,
running like mad until, nearly exhaust
ed, she reached the home of the mer
chant for whom she had formerly
worked.
She was- placed In a carriage and
taken to the office ; of the attorney
before whom she made the recently
published affidavit. The same day her
mother went to the merchant's store
and demanded the return of the child,
but was curtly refused.
R. B. Hinton, the man whose wife
was taken away from him by the
"hoppers," has gone to Redlands with
the threat that he would kill the man
who is paid to have been married to
Mrs. Hinton by the "hoppers," and the
people who know him are confident
that he will carry out his threat if he
can only find the "hopper" he is look
ing for and has pursued all the way
from Birmingham.
It transpires that the "hoppers" have
made several converts at Riverside,
and they propose to open a tabernacle
there. They will hold no more services
in this city, however.
'•I *
FIFE MEN HAVE
NARROW ESCAPE
Cave-In of Tunnel Near San
Kafael 'Endangers Lives of
Small Gang of Workmen
Special Dispatch to Ths CaJl.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 22.-r-Initial
steps were taken to-day tor the .first
application of the terms of the na
tional irrigation law to an extensive
district In California and If the deal
Is consummated It will mean the be
stowal of governmental assistance in
the reclamation of more than half a
million acres of land In San Diego
County. At a meeting of representa
tives of the Water Users' Association
of the famous Imperial Valley and the
officers of the California Development
Company an option was given on the
immense canal system of the company
by the terms of which the develop
ment company t agrees to accept
$3,000,000 for Its 'holdings. The final
determination of the matter Is condi
tioned, first, upon the acceptance of
the terms by the majority of the mem
bers of the Water Users' Association,
and second, upon the approval of the
plan by the officers of the reclamation
service of the United States Govern
ment. If the sale is made the Federal
Government will pay over the money
and the actual users of the water will
be given an opportunity under the na
tional irrigation act to repay It In ten
annual installments. Once those pay
ments have been made the actual set
tlers acquire title to the water.
The system is probably the moat ex
tensive in the West. It consists of a
large canal taking water from the Col
orado River, near the International
boundary and traversing a portion of
the Mexican domain and returning to
California to the Imperial Valley. From
there the main canal laterals have been
run, which have converted a section
that a few years ago was. a barren
desert Into hundreds- of thriving
ranches.
It is known that the officers of th*»
reclamation service . Trill approve the
scheme and It will be submitted to the
Secretary of the Interior for final ac
tion so far as the Government is con
cerned.
A mass meeting will be held at Im
perial to-morrow to approve the ac
tion of the Water Users' Association
and then the whole deal will be placed
in the hands of the Government. Its
consummation will mean the adding of
several million dollars' worth of prop
erty to the tax lists of the State and
particularly to that of San Diego
County.
SANTA TK PASSENGER
TRAIN LEAVES RATLS
Number of Persons Injured In a
'Wreck Six Mites From Te
cumseh, Kan's.
TOPEKA. Aug. 22. — Santa Fe pa3
senger train No. 12 was derailed at
Tecumseh, six miles east of here, some
time after midnight. Five cars are off
the track. A relief train la preparing
to leave this city. A number were in
jured, but no definite figures were
given in the report reaching this city.
Surgeons will accompany the relief
train.
the California Northwestern Railroad
were transferred at San Rafael to th^
North Shore.
President A. "W. Foster of the Cali
fornia Northwestern and North Shore
Railroad and Superintendent J. I*
Fras'er were at San Rafael this even-
Ing and worked very hard to get the
passengers to their destinations on
time.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 22.— Tunnel No.
2 on the California Northwestern Rail
road caved in this afternoon and five
carpenters who were working in the
tunnel narrowly escaped death. The
accident, occurred a fe.v mi»--ites after
a train from San Rafael passed
through.
The tunnel is situated between San
Clemerite and Reed station and ; is
218 feet long. Although- no rain has
fallen in Marin County for many
months, thfe tunnel is very damp and
water continually drips from the tim
bers. This morning five carpenters
were sent from Tiburon to the tunnel
to replace a broken timber. They suc
ceeded : in loosening the timber and
were about to put a new /one In its
place when the soft earth caved in and
nearly buried the workmen. For
tunately the slide came slowly and
gave the men an opportunity to reach
a place of safety. . -.:]:¦¦_:'.**
Traffic on the road was suspended
for the day and passengers desiring to
go to San Rafael and up country were
transferred to the North Shore Rail
road. People city-bound from Santa
Rcsa, Petaluma and other stations on
Repairs to the Damaged Vladivostok Cruisers Are Pro
ceeding Rapidly and Th^ey Soon Will Be
Again in Commission.
.American Government Notifies Consular and Naval
Representatives at Shanghai Not to Be
Drawn Into the Dispute.
CHINA WILL BE COMPELLED TO ENFORCE NEUTRALITY
Japanese Relent
less in Their
Attacks.
Respite.^ [
Continued From "Pag? 1/;- Column 4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 190-?.
2
Cameras. . . . ,
AH styles — lowest prices. Everything
Photographic. Sanborn, Vail & Co.: 741
Market 'street, - • •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Brand Jf
|| Evaporated m
II (Cream m
¥g\ bears, the above cap label. |j|a
fill Contains fully as much 111
l -a food substance per can as mm
HI the watery imitations in gas
cgH It is smooth and perfect e|
II because skillfully pre- m
( JjCa pared. Its purity is fiS^
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
J for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
CARTERS) cube sick hekdagre.
SBittle Genuine Must Besr
I IY?F Fao-Simfla Signature
BPIU.8. _~fM - •
&=3 I /&£**£&<?&*£
/ - 1 ,-',-,,^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 There is only one Beer that is bottled I
H exclusively at the brewery, and that is jj
¦ f Jhis is' one of the points of quality S
I ' :. that has made A. B. C. the choice jj
I of discriminating people who value ¦
|r, ' ; ; purity, healthfulness and flavor. sj
W- : The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. y
HUBERT MERCANTILE CO. K
Jj^^^g^^^l Wholesale Dealers
»3 6 # - x 44 SECOND STREET.Declines a Nomination.
' BLACKFOOT. Idaho, Aug. 22.— W. H.
Stufflebaum, Democratic nominee for
Siajte Auditor, to-day addressed a let
ter to Chairman Jackson declining the
nomination. The nominees for Con
0 press and Attorney General have here
tofore withdrawn.
"Sftenlrf Treasures of California," the
most complete souvenir book ever issued*
price 75 cents. Souvenir Department.
Eanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Married life on the average lasts
twenty-eight years, or almost half of
th^ fifty-eigrht which make up the aJ
(otted span of .life. .
. NEW YORK. Aug. 22. — The Sun
has* tne following from Esopus: The
latest gossip heard among politicians
et Esopus is that Hearst is to try to
win the nomination for Governor.
This, however, in the event that there
EhouM be a disagreement between the
Tammany forces, which are now ad
vocating the nomination of Goodyear,
«nd the Stanchfield element, managed
b> David B. Hill.
No one here semes to know exactly
where Hearst stands — whether he Is
fpr the ticket or whether he Is subtly
working for Tom Watson. His news
lasers have been a source of worri
ment to Judge Parker and Sheehan.
li/Iltor May Seek Democratic Nomina
tion for Go%-ernor of New York.
* HEARSTS NEW AMBITION.
1 Impressed' by the magnitude of our ' present
commerce and • the * possibility : of the growth
in the ! immediate i future, we pledge the sup
port of our Congressional nominee*. If elect
ed, to secure sufficient Federal appropriations
We recognize the necessity of capital and
labor operating in aicord in the, upbuilding
of the industries of our State and to this end
the Democratic party pledges Its support with
in the bounds of constitutional legislation, to
secure to capital the legitimate fruits of In
vestment and to insure to labor" a full and
Just measure of reward.
We - favor the* exemption from taxation of
household furniture to the amount of (200 for
each head of the family.
,\Ve favor the immediate adoption of the
parcels post system.
We pledge liberal * support and generous
appropriations for our public and high schools
and State University.
We favor the purchase tff a farm for our
State University and_. the administration in
connection therewith of a system , of educa
tion in the science ' and practice of agricul
ture. • on ' a ecale proportionate to the impor
tance which that industry bears to our pros
perity and modeled after the system so suc
cessfully developed In the leading agricultural
States of the Middle West.
We favor the addition of the proposal sub
mitted by the t Legislature to , the people to
issue State bonds to the amount of two mil
lion dollars for the improvement of the San
Francisco water front, known as the San
Francisco seawall act. •» :, . .
We pledge our nominees for the Legislature
to u»e every endeavor to give to the people
of this State an economical administration of
its affairs..
The Democratic party of the State of Cali
fornia, In convention assembled, hereby heart
ily ratifies and affirms the platform adopted
at the National Democratic Convention at
tic. Louis July 7, 1WH. and we congratulate
the people of the State of California that
the Democratic party presents a candidate fcr
President whose election will guarantee that
the law of the land is supreme and that it
will be enforced without fear or favor, and
we pledge our united efforts to secure the
election of Alton B. Parker and Henry G.
Davis as P-.«-ident and Vice President of
the United States.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.— The follow
ing draft of the Democratic platform
was adopted by the committee on plat
form and resolutions to-night and will
be submitted to the convention to
morrow: >- — ,.
Principles Embodied In Report of
Resolutions Committee.
TEXT OF TH E PIjATFORM.
Additional Convention News Page 4.
• ESOPUS, Aug. 22. — Former Secre
* tary of the Treasury John G. Carlisle
Is passing the night at Rosemount.
Jud^e Parker met him at the station.
•The Judge said to-night that Carlisle
• h£d come at his request to talk over
thirH?s pertaining: to the cam
°j*tigii. Carlisle said he did not know
whether he would take an active part
An the cafcpai^n. but was at the dis
posal of Judge Parker.
With former Representative R. W.
Taylor of Ohio, who was in charge of
.the prosecution of Brigham H. Rob
erts of Utah, Carlisle is associated in
a similar prosecution of Senator Reed
Fmoot and it is supposed that the Mor
mon question was under discussion to
- night. .
•
Former Secretary of the Treasury
Visits Judge Parker's Home.
CARLISLE AT ROSEMOUXT.
This Is a government of the people, for the
people and by the people, and we must take
action that will quickly end the career of
those that believe it should be a government
ot the grafters, for the grafters and by tho
grafter?. The gigantic trusts alto are among
the enemies of th» government we must con
elder. The same power that destroyed Greece
*nd Itome and found further expression of its
•vil influence in the French revolution is
«r* rating to undermine the foundations of
•his Government. There is no greater enemy
of civil government than brilliant minds allied
with dishonesty. Brilliant minds now are
allied with dishonesty in tbe Government and
It Is up to as to see that the order of things
is reversed. Therefore I ask all , of you to
etand firmly by the rirht and throw your
strength to Alton B. Parker and the Demo
cratic ticket wll^be carried to victory.
PRESENTS DOCKWEILER'S NAME.
Spellacy then called for nominations
for temporary , chairman. For. half a
minute no one moved. McNab looked
uneasy and so dfd O'Brien, but the sit
uation was relieved when John W.
But trom this one can turn to a contem
plation of the campaign before us. I con
gratulate you upon the bright prospects ot
Mctory for our party, both State and national,
in November, at. Louis has given us a ticket
that inspires cur ix>i>c. No Democrat with
such leaders can now find excuse to falter at
the threshold of victory. The atandard-bearer
of our party is a man that would rather bs
right than President, and now I ask that
every Democrat of California lay aside every
thought of personal reward, appoint himself
a committee of one and see that every Demo
cratic vote is cait for Parker and Davis. If
you have any quarrel in your neighborhood
end It and hand your hammer to your Re
publican neighbor, with my compliments. I
firmly believe in Democratic principles and
equal righti to all, and no man should penult
his personal desire* to Jeopardize the Interests
of the national party. When victory Is ours
next Nov«mber I shall ack no reward for
anything I have done or may do that has
hdr*d or will help • to win th* victory. ' I
will return to my home and with the rest of
you enjoy the c<*!temptation of the fact that
we are once more In Dow«r.
One would think from the row that has
bf-n going on in San Franciuco for th? last
month that McNab and the Ht.r>»-« and Carts
were the nominees of. the St. Louis convention.
It U a shame, this bickering and broil. There
thculd be less talk in San Francisco of th3
McNabites and th,.- Horses and Carts and
mew of Parker and Davis. If 1 held tne
power I would find out whence comes this
ttrife and I would read out of the party every
man (."at is res:>onsible fcr the trouble if it
is not soon settled.
REBUKES SAX FRANCISCO.
I have no political ax to grind. I have no
political aspiration?. I am as high up on
the political laridfr at 1- want to no and i
appreciate the lact that the position ot chair
man of the Democratic state Central Com
mittee is a h'.ch one. and from this posit. on
I will advise San Franc'.sco.
However. 1 deem it an honor to call this
convention to order, 'or the Democracy of tne
&U.te was nevtr so well united b«:ore, with
the possible exception ot San Francisco. And
to you, tentlcmen of San Francisco, if the
Democracy you reprerent is pure you will get
into line and <:uit your boiting.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.— Timothy
Spellacy, chairman of the State Central
Committee, called the Democratic con
vention to order at 2:30 o'clock this aft
ernoon. IVIai'or D. C. Clark of Santa
Cruz was introduced and delivered an
address of welcome. Mayor Clark, after
extending the hosnitality of the city to
the guests within her gates, talked a
little politics. His words gave a line
on what was to follow — harmony. He
aid bickering should cease and on the
.djournment of the convention the del
egates should return to their homes
conscious that the Democracy was
united and that success in November
was in eight.
Clark's remaiks were applauded, and
he gave way to Chairman Spellacy,
who also had some strenuous remarks
to make regarding harmony. Getting a
good range on Gavin McNab's eye and
now and then glancing at James
O'Brien of the "Horses and Carts."
Spellacy braced himself up and said:
Ladks and Gentleman of the Convention
<here he glanced at the summer girls in the
gallery): 1 titiit you will not construe tne re
mark? 1 am about to EOalu as c\jn»t.tutlnz a
si<ttch. Ii my v^nerntea anc:»ur. t.nan li^.u.
heard 1 was about tc make a ?p«ech he would
tun. uver In i..- grave, put .cotton in his
ears and say: "lJon't do It. Tim, xor you'va
chi'dren or your own."
Regarding the question of a contest for
the chairmanship of this convention, all I can
say la that It makes no difference who pre
sides. If this Question Is permitted to com«
to a contest Mr. Dockweiler might be elected,
or I mlKht be elected. That -'cuts no !ce": it
makes no difftrenre. We are but a small frac
tion of the party, both of us put together.
The Democratic uarty In tho past has been
too much tern by strife. If */e exhibited the
same zeal" fighting the comrcon enemy that
wo do In the battles In our: own ranks we
would have no trouble In winning out in Cali
fornia. We -must unite for th« common good.
The success of the Democratic electoral
ticket at tho cominz election la th- question
to b» flrrt considered and we must send
Parker electors East, that he may be placed In
the Presidential chair.
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen and
Fellow Democrats — I am overwhelmed with
the flatterlnr encomiums I have listened to
her* and I can hardly find words with which
to express my appreciation. However. I deem
It proper Rt this time that I should s»y a few
words "cfininK my position. , As much * as I
want to preside over this convention — what
Democrat would not want to preside over so
dlstlnguistrd a body? — I am n«re to fulfill my
duty as I find It, and there are other matters
I ronrider more Important than my personal
desires or tbe i«. rsonai deslnta of any man
that T.ay be here. You ' h"»ve " h-tard the
chairman of 'he State Central: Committee and
others express their views on': the question of
harmony, and U is my desire to ds fine my po
sition in this regard.
When Barrett again took his seat
among the delegates an expectant si
lence fell upon the convention, to be
followed by applause and then three
cheers when Edward White arose and
started for the platform- to withdraw
his name. . >
"I consider It a distinguished honor
to introduce to you the brother of Ste
phen M. White," said Chairman Spel
lacy in presenting Edward White to
the convention. % White then said:
WHITE WITHDRAWS NAME.
Any man who might fear the passions of
the hour or dread the- patoonu — I have a name
for him. And I know the name of another
man., who, when he thought the advancement
of his political interests might injure the Dem
ocratic cause, stepped down and sacrificed him
self to party interests.
I want to present to you to-day the brother
of that man, Edward White. Gentlemen, you
need no credentials from Edward White. You.
K«-ntlemen from San Francisco, have known
of him and his work. You, crentlemen irom
Santa Clara, have been identified with him in
his life work. Ycu, gentlemen from Santa
Cruz, know him, for lie has spent his days
here. He has held public offices which he has
filled without loss of luster. I know not
what his plans are at this hour, but I know
that I can bring you Sils name In confidence
that you wil» honor it for the sake or one who
once sacrificed himself for the Democracy.
The Democracy has been Kksned unto a raft
that has teen threatened by the rocks and has
drifted hHhcr an.i thither. Gentlemen, I can
not explain thise political dissensions. Xo
matter what issue may be we intend to
stand by our leadtr. Judge Alton IJi Parker
of Now York. San Francisco will not falter
in her duty. She may be henceforth referred
to in the light cf the unbroken tankB of the
Democracy of San Francisco. At the St. Louis
convention we had opportunity to show our
Republican brothers that we can adhere to
our uarty urincfr>l«s.
J. J. Barrett of San Francisco, selected
to carry out the wild scheme of protest
framed by. the "Horses and Carts," fol
lowed Mitchell to the platiorm and
placed Edward White of Santa Cruz in
nomination. Barrett said in part:
BARRETT NOMINATES WHITE.
In pn-Eentlng to you the choice of Los An
geles. Isidore Dockwoiler, let us stand flm
tor a united Democracy in California and all
the time for Allen B. Parker.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Mitchell arose to nominate Isidore B.
Dockweiler of Los Angeles. In part
Mitchell said:
Only a thort three months ago the Demo
cratic party »«)¦ tern by dimension and much
bitter ie*-Iins existed amons thosr who should
have cive.i their best endeavors to bring the
organisation to the front. One could not find
amontr the moyt optimistic party prophets one
vrho was willing to forecaM a promising future.
Then there occurred that which brought to
attention that th;re had developed a teellng
for unity. After the California delegation had
icsri;-tfrri-d the will of the people or' this t-'tate
the delegates to the Xati.-nal Democratic Con
venticn r.roucht before the party the name
i»f Alton B. Parker. What has been the result?
Tn«? spirit of harmony has reunited every con
tending Jacticn and there is not a spot in
all the length and breadth of this country
where there Is lack of party understanding.
I would be df lighted to honor the brother cf
Stephen M. White, and whatever may be the
r^Eult I must support the party. In the name
of harnriory.
Brother of Lamented Senator Re
stores Unity in the Party.
CHAIRMAN OF THE STATE DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION IN SANTA CRUZ
AND OTHERS OF THE FAITHFCL WHO ARE TAKING A PROMINENT
PART LX THE DELIBERATIONS OF THAT BODY.
J. W. jBARNEBERG, who was sug
gested by the Eighth Congressional
District, is also being considered.
Two names are yet necessary to com
plete the list. They will be agreed upon
to-morrow morning.
EUGENE GERMAIN of Los Angeles.
JOHN GARBER of San Francisco.
EDWARD WHITE of Santa Cruz/
E. E. BUSH of Kings County.
DR. W. M. S. BEEDE of Stockton
At S o'clock this evening the" com
mittee met In the St. George Hotel and
selected the following names, which
will be submitted to the convention to-
morning.
THOMAS BAIR of Humboldt.
J. ROSS CLARK of Los Angeles.
Ex-Congressman Thomas Geary
then interjected a small surprise. He
moved that the chair appoint a com
mittee of ten to name ten electors for
the entire State. He made no mention
of having a desire that the Congres
sional districts should suggest the
names of district electors, to be passed
upon subsequently by the committee
and ultimately by the general conven
tion, but" his motion went through
unanimously. The chair named the
following to serve on this committee:
To present the names of electors — Thoma3
J. Geary, Sonoma; James F. Coonan, Hura
boldt; D<? Witt Clary, San Joaquin; Frank Fin
layeon. Lou Angeles; E. E. Farnsworth. Tu
lare; A. B. William-?. Santa Barbara; J. H.
West, San Bernardino, and Donzel Stoney,
George A. Kelly and Frank Gould of San
Francisco.
After the list of committees had
been read to the convention by the
secretary announcements for commit
tee meetings in the evening at the St.
George Hotel were made.
Congressional District — Timothy Donovan,
Florence Driscoll, Thomas F. Barry. ' James
F. Leonard. Josoph Slye. Fifth Congressional
District — Jeremiah Toomey. Michael Fay, Jo
reph Bell Alexander McCabe. Michael Casey.
Sixth Congressional District — O. J. Wilbur
Gates, J. F. Forney. Corwin Radcllffe, Thomas
Gaffey, G. F. Wtlle. Seventh Congressional
District— Catesby B. Thorn. H. Stieglitz. H.
J. Brown. J. tt. Hpdges, Arthur R. Duehren.
Eighth Congressional District — F. A. Fathers,
Gerald Lumley, C. R. Sobranes. M. N. Hob
lltz, R. T. Curtis.
Platform and resolutions: At large: John
E. Raker. Edward White. Thomas S. Ford,
L. F. Puter, George F. Carpenter. F. H.
Gould. Dewitt Clary. E. I. Woodman. Thomas
J. Geary, John J. Uarrett. First Congressional
District — W. A. Sheppard. If. P. Andrews,
Frank Wehe, Horace Given. Charles Deidrich.
Second Congressional District— A. F. Jones,
I. G. Jiumwalt, William Peery. D. W. Car
michael, K. S. Mahon. Third Congressional
DlMrlct— T. A. Murphy, John E. Sneld. R. M.
Fitzgerald, M. J. Laymance. Archie Borland.
Fourth Congressional District — John Sweeney.
J. C. Sims. Sidney Van YVyck. Henry Healey,
P. Madden Fifth Congressional District — E.
J. Gallagher, Joseph Rothchild, William A.
Kelley, James J. Donovan, L. E. Bontze,
Sixth Congressional District — F. V. Dewey,
J. A. Harden. John Hudner, Leonard B. Fow
ler, J. A. Clark. Seventh Congressional Dis
trict—J. Ross Clark, F. G. Flnlayson. G. H.
Workman, Madlecn B. Jones, Euyene Ger
main. Eighth Congressional District — E. M.
Roberts. E. C. Farnsworth. R. W. Putnam,
Will H. Kolcomb, R. Frost.
¦Permanent organization and order of busi
ness At large — John W; Mitchell (chairman).
J. Walker Graves. K.' H. Holland, W. L.
Duff, J. V. Snider, Patrick Griffin, • George
E.^Ferrand. Thomas M. Stork, Morris Brooke,
M. F. Cochrane. First Congressional Dis
trict—Fred Franti, A. 8. Boaqultz, B. ' F.
Rector. Samuel J. Pullen, C. F. Kimball.
Second Congressional District — John Guldery,
J. H.Boggs,:J. B. Sanford. > D. W. Ravens
croft, B." Shaw. Third Congressional District —
T.I>. Gates, A. T. McDonough. M. J.Calla'
ban, Am F. Et, Sure, W. S. Burpee. Fourth
When the convention reconvened
at 5:50 o'clock Chairman Dockweiler
announced the appointment of com
mittees as follows:
Credentials: At large— E. E. Leake (chair
man). D. it. Spagnoli, J. J. Wells, Richard
O'Connor A. D. d'Ancona,. C. II. Goddard,-R.
M. Hathaway, C. B. Androus. E. I. Irwln. L.
J. Girbln; First Congressional District— H. J.
Gray, Reed K. Miller, Gecrge L. Jones. Wil
liam Rlblng. W. B. Sheerer; Second Congres
sional District— D. J. Mannlx, Charles McNelll.
Joseph P. Small, John T. York. Benjamin
Gelsa; Third Congressional District— R. O'Con
nor A. F. Porrier. H. A. Luttrell, James Me-
Kenna. T. L. Gates: Fourth Congressional Dis
trict—Louis Mersger. David Atkinson, Frank
Barrls, A. C. Hampton. George Arata: Fifth
Congressional District — Hugh Ward, James A.
Cotter. Joseph A. Clifford, L. Stefe.- John Roll;
Sixth Congressional District — S. F. Cowan,
Francis Cunningham. R. C. Sargent, C. E. Lil
ly. J. A: Norvalr Seventh Congressional Dis
trict—M. W. Conklln*. A. S. Petterson, E. J.
Morris, C." F.;Loop. Thomas Savage; Eighth
Congressional District— W. M. Smith. George
M. McKenzte. M. Nisson. West RIley, H. C.
Dlmock. ' • .-: :
COMMITTEES ARE NAMED.,
Joseph Rothchild of San Francisco
moved that an adjournment of an
hour be taken that the chairman
might select the committees, but he
withdrew the motion while Frank H.
Gould of San Francisco presented a
resolution, preceded by an eloquent
eulogy, expressing the regret of the
convention at the death of "Uncle"
Jo Hamilton, who, since 1S50, "In
darkness and light, in rain and shine,
went forth whenever his services were
required to preach throughout the
State the principles of Democracy he
held dear throughout his lifetime."
The resolution was adopted by a ris
ing vote.
A motion that Secretary W. P.
Ketherton and Asslsant Secretary-
Thomas Cleary, appointed by the citi
zens of Santa Cruz, be made perma
nent officers of the convention carried.
An adjournment was then taken.
J. W. Mitchell of L,os Ansales then
moved that a committee of ten at
large and five from each Congres
sional district be appointed on per
manent organization and order of
business. Ed E. Leake of Yolo moved
that a like committee on credentials
be appointed and Judge Raker of SIo
doc moved that a similar committee
oh Dlatform and resolutions be se
lected by the chair. The motions pre
vailed.
In the withdrawal cf Mr. White I am again
placed undtr deep obligations to the White
family. It was under Hon. Stephen H, White
that I was trained. 1 wish to add that I am
here as nu man's man. but am working for
the success of the Democratic ticket.
down to victory
J. C. Sims of S*n Francisco moved
that the secretary be instructed to
cast the ballot for Dockweiler. The
motion was put and carried. White
of Santa Cruz. Barrett of San Fran
cisco and Mitchell of Los Angeles were
appointed a committee to escort Dock
weiler to .the chair.
As Dockweiler was on his way to
the platform a delegate proposed
three cheers for harmony and they
were given with a will, though the
dark looks of the Horses and Carts
of San Francisco demonstrated that
they were not overjoyed. ' In address
ing the convention Chairman Dock
weiler r.a'A:
Gentlemen of the Convention: I wish to re
turn my sincere and grateful thanks for the
honor you have conferred. This honor has not
been given in recognition cf myself alons.
Throughout every section of the country
there can be found only Parker and Uavis
Democratr. Let us stand by our colors and go
"Well." said Chairman Spellacy,- "I
guess the fight for chairman has
dwindled down to a contest between
myself and Mr. Dockwelier. But I will
put Mr. White's motion."
DOCKWEILER IS CHOSEX.
There is somethlns I esteem higher, how
ever, than the privilege of leading a conven
tion — the success of the ticket. If a contest
for the chairmanship of this convention re
sulted In the loss of one vote for the Demo
cratic ticket la November I would greatly re
gret the fact, and that this shall not occur I.
In the spirit of harmony, desire at this time
to withdraw my name as a candidate for
chairman of this convention. W« must be
un}ted and we must have the entire Demo
cratic press «f the State behind us. We
must all labor for the common cause, that
when eHction day Is over victory will rest
with our party. 1 wish to return to all of my
friends my sincerest thanks for the loyal man
ner in which they have stood by me.
This is not the first time a man of my name
and my blood has stood upon the platform of
a Democratic conventicn and sacrificed his
personal dt-slres for the high Interests of the
party. Therefore, I move for the unanimous
election of Isidore Dockw;ller of Los Angeles
for chairman of this convention.
We commend the platform adopted by the
Democratic National Convention and the
speeches of acceptance of our nominees fcr
President and Vice President to the careful
perusal of all persons, irrespective of their
political belief.
We hereby indorse the "Camlno Real" move
ment, and We are in favor of every effort to
improve the roads and highways of the State.
The matter of securing better road conditions
is of the highest Importance to the people of
the State of California. This can be accom
plished on!y through the co-operaticn of coun
ty. State and nation, and we therefore pledge
our candidates to Congress to use all fair and
honorable means to secure such assistance from
the Federal Government as will enable our
State and county governments to establish a
!>ys;em of public highways which will redound
to the credit and prosperity of California.
We favor tiie adoption of the proposed San
fort! constitutional amendment, which provides
fcr the convening of th» Legislature in Feb
ruary, instead of January, for the extension
of the legislative term to eighty days and the
cutting oft of an army of useless attaches,
thereby saving the State over $600 per day dur
ing a session.
We approve the proposed constitutional
amendment providing for district courts of
appeal and recommend that the same bs
ado:>tcd.
We favor the submission to the people o!
California of a proposed constitutional amend
ment providing for the initiative and referen
dum in all State, county and municipal mat
ters.
Under the beneficent effects resulting from
Government operations under the Newlands Ir
rigation act — a measure framed by a Demo
crat and passed a» a result of the energetic
efforts of Democrats In Congress — California
Is drst'-ned to become a State of small but
numerous holdings. This measure. If enforced
with the spirit that animated the Democrats
through whose efforts it was passed, will re
claim vast arid tracts of the State for home
eeekers. and the resulting small holdings wll
not only contribute to the State's domestic
development, but will operate as a beneficial
preventive of land monopoly.
We pledge our nominees for" Congress and
likewise our nominees for the State Legisla
ture to co-operat* for the purpose of securing
such national and State action as will moet
effectually secure to California the Irrigation
of all of the arid lands of the State.
We recognize the mining Industry as one of
the great factors of California's prosperity.
Th? encouragement by proper legislation and
suitable appropriations of all classes of min
ing would greatly Increase the- output of gold
in this State. We favor the immediate en
forcement of the Caminetti act and demand
that the. work cf erecting restraining barriers
and other works on the tributaries of the Sac
ramento. San Joaquin and other rivers be ener
getically hastened on all sites contemplated
b/.such act and we pledge our nominees for
Congress to use all honorable endeavors to
secure necessary appropriations for these pur-
PO!-»«.
The prevention of the denudation of the
Kreat watersheds of the State we believe to
be of great importance to the future of Cali
fornia, and we declare it to be the policy of
the Democratic party to support and further
such legislation and executive action, national
and State, as may preserve to the State these
great sources of water supply.
for the Improvement of our rivers and har
bors.
State Chairman Spellacy Delivers a Rebuke to the
Warring Clans in San Francisco.
Timothy Spellacy. chairman of the
oDfemo'cratic State Committee, made a
• good impression to-day. Whether he
ygill prove 'a veritable <# anger' is yet
to be determined.
The platform committee to-night
• approved the Appellate Court scheme
find "the 52.000,000 bond proposition
• to extend the San Francisco seawall.
It # is -expected that the Republican
State* Convention, to assemble here
next Thursday, will give similar in
dorsement.
The Napa and Solano Senatorial
nominations may go over until early
in September. There is talk that May
or Lynch of Vallejo will be put into
the field to oppose Ben F. Rush, the
.republican nominee.
Farmer Ed "White sacrificed a cher
ished ambition to bring about unity in
the party. John W. Mitchell of Los
Angeles eloquently eulogized the pro
moters of peace. John J. Barrett, Fire
Commissioner of San Francisco paid
tribute upon tribute to the genius of
the White family and finally indicated
that honorable peace would be Indorsed
by .the "Horses and Carts."
All of the party leaders to-night are
blessing the peacemakers. Gavin Me-
Nab Is satisfied. The man slated by
the "orgsjiiration" for chairman of the
convention was easily enough chosen.
Four days ego McNab gave out the
¦word that Isidore B. Dockweiler of
L«es Angeles would wield the gavel,
end Dockweiler is on the throne, ably
supported by McNab, the power behind
the throne.
Seven hundred and thirty delegates
Were elected to represent the party in
the State Convention, and owing to
£trif«t envies, jealousies and disap
pointments nearly 400 duly accredited
representatives of the party remained
at home, in sheer disgust. There has
been, so far, no rollcall of the conven
tion for the reason that there is no
printed roll. A call of the roll would
demonstrate the lack of attendance.
The slim attendance at the Con
gressional district conventions is re
markable. 'The unlucky number of
thirteen delegates was the record in
the Sixth. The counties comprising
the Second Congressional District
rteeted 112 delegates and at least
eighty-five failed to attend the Con
pressional district convention in the
ladies' parlor of the St. George Hotel
to-night. Only twenty delegates at
ter.ded the Seventh District conven
tion, and the Fourth had less than
that number present. Nominations
for Congress are made as a matter of
routine to preserve party organization.
j3en F. Geis was nominated for As
semblyman to-day to represent the
district, including Lake, Colusa and
Glenn counties.
The convention will finish to-mor
row and adjourn sine die. Several
Senatorial and Assembly district nom
inations probably will be made before
the delegates leave town.
EAKTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.— Harmony
reigned for two hours In the Demo
cratic convention to-day. There are
elgcs that the period of peace may be
prolonged for two or three days.
f^edai Dliyctch to Th« Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug.- 22.— The com
mittee on permanent organization and
order of business met at 3 o'clock in
the St. George Hotel. After much pre
liminary discussion, largely due to ig
norance throughout the committee of
parliamentary rules, the following
order of business was agreed upon:
First— To recommend that the tem
porary officers of the convention be
made permanent.
Second— Reading of the report of ths
committee on credentials.
Third — Report of the committee on
platform and resolutions.
Fourth — Report of the committee ap
pointed to name electors.
Fifth — Nomination of Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court, to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the expiration
of the term of Justice Lozigan. ap
pointed to succeed, until the next gen
eral election, the late Justice Temple.
Sixth — Ratification of the nomina
tions for Congress by the eight dis
tricts of the State.
Seventh — Appointment of a commit
tee on auditing.
Eighth— Appointment of a committee
on vacancies.
It was apparent from the discussion
in the committee on permanent or
ganization that the scheme behind the
appointment of the committee of ten
to name electors was not generally
understood and that a fight may de
velop in consequence. The members
of the organization committee labored
under the delusion that the committee
on appointment of electors was but a
repository body named to appoint two
electors at large and then receive sug
gestions from the eight Congressional
districts as to the choice of these dis
tricts of .electors to represent them
in the college in the event of Demo
cratic success in this State. But thn
is not the condition. The committee
upon the appointment df electors is
receiving suggestions from no one as
to whom it shall name for presenta
tion to the convention for electors.
When this gets through the heads of
all the Democrats here things are
liable to happen and the much
vaunted and pampered condition of
harmony may be shattered at a blov>-.
And one more question came before
the committee on organization that
caused some uneasiness and much ris
ing to questions of Information. A reso
lution was presented for adoption and
incorporation in the report of the com
mittee authorizing the chairman of the
; State Central Committee to appoint
j subsidiary committees to aid in the
Presidential campaign. Many pro
fessed to see in this an effort to legal
ize the enlargement c-f the central com
mittee itself, but when the political in
nocence of the resolution was ex
plained the alarmists subsided and it
was adopted. The committee then ad
journed.
The committee on credentials .met
shortly after 7 o'clock this evening and
rushed Its business through in a twink
ling. Not a single hitch or fight marrcl
the proceedings and after a brief ses
sion Chairman Ed E. Leake of Yolo
announced the result, stating that the
report had been unanimously adopted.
The roll call of the convention was
adopted as prepared by the secretary of
the Democratic Central Committee. All
proxies were at once verified and en
tered upon the roll call, after which
the committee adjourned.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
Temporary Burial
•of Factional
Hatchet.
Districts Given No
Voice in Their
Selection.
Clash May Come
on Naming of
Electors.
White Gives Way
: in Interest of
Peace.
Rules Committee
Maps Out Pro
gramme.
Dockweiler Elect
ed Chairman by
Acclamation.
GAVIN M'NAB AND "HARMONY" PREVAIL AT SANTA CRUZ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 190#.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|p!%f|f - 1 ' i y-
Some Late Styles for $ 1 .30
There are so many satisfied wearers of our $1.30 hats,
we are sure they will be pleased to learn that a new ship-
ment of fall styles has just arrived from the factory.
We consider them the best hats at the price we have
ever received. They comprise all the soft and stiff shapes
in different proportions of brims and crowns.
We picture but two of the many styles. Each is the lat-
est block. They are equal to any $2.00 hats. We guarantee
them — a new hat at no charge if the first doesn't wear well.
Special for Wednesday and Thursday only —
Men's AH- Wool Jersey Sweaters; regular $1.00
values for 65 cents.
We ,2,T snWqoosCo m ?r'ir"
these Jerseys 740 Market Street. for these Hats
While the plotter schemes the plodder
gets there.Faro and Other Gambling
Outfits Are to Be Found
Eunning in Capital City
GAMES OPEN
IN SACRAMENTO
Visit our newly fitted art rooms. New
collections of the very latest things In
pictures and frames. Everything for the
artist and lover of art. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Art Notes.
the delegates will be given a reception
by the ladies of Crockett; Wednesday
the "grand ball will be held and on
Thursday a sumptuous banquet will
beisDread. >
On Friday evening the T. M. I.
Councils will hold an entertainment
In the Alhambra Theater in San
Francisco, at which Most Rev. Arch
bishop Montgomery is «xp«cted to de
liver an address.
PETALUMA, Aug. 22.— Mrs. Harriet
Derby, an old and wealthy resident of
this city, died here to-day. She had
be*n a resident of Petaluma for nearly
forty yearB and was the Owner of sev-;
erar business blocks .here. Shei leaves
two daughters, four Bisters and nine
grandchildren. She was a native of
¦Westminster. Mass., and was 69 years
of age.
Death Calls Petaloma Woman.
CROCKETT, Aug. 22.— Lorlngr ave
nue, the main street of 'Crockett, Is
spanned by a nicely decorated arch,
and welcoming: banners, bunting and
flags are to be Been throughout the
town. The decorations are In honor of
the Young Men's Institute, which con
vened here to-day. Delegates are ar
riving, on. every train* and this morn
ing about 100 .marched to St. Rose's
Church, where Archblsh6p Mont
gomery delivered a stirring address.
The citizens of Crockett have spared
neither labor nor expense in planning
for the delegates' entertainment, and
the social features will not be eclipsed
by those of any previous Grand Coun
cil. On Tuesday a steamer excursion
will be given. On Tuesday evening
Arch and Bunting and Gay
ly Colored tia'nners Greet
the Young Men's Institute
CROCKETT NOW
IN GALA GARB
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 22.— The
up-coast forest fires which have been
burning for the past three weeks are
still raging, and the latest news from
the north is that two more logging
camps have been destroyed. Bull's
camp at Serge Inlet has been de
stroyed, and Ireland's camp has also
been wiped out. Machinery worth
$20,000 was destroyed. Men and women
are fighting the fires in every direction.
The big fire blazing at SHamon Cut,
across the railroad and skid roads of
Camp F of the Hastings Sawmill Com
pany, shut out the working force and
equipment from the shore. When the
foreman, James Springer, saw the fire
heading for. the railwav line he called
for volunteers to rescue the camp out>
fit. A train was hurriedly made up to
pull out the donkey engines to the
shore. The engines were saved, but'
the ride through the blazing timber
cost every man the loss of whiskers,
hair and clothes.
Before the volunteer train crew
reached safety at the beach they ran
a race with death, and their escape
without serious accident Is looked
upon as marvelous.
'+- : «.
Within five minutes a dispatch was
sent to the aged mother in Oneida
County, New York, and another to the
Oneida County Attorney, informing
him of the happy reunion.
The brothers have decided to return
to the old home at once to prove con
clusively that Cornelius still lives.
"Yes," was the reply.
The next day after the departure of
Cornelius a search was begun. The
search was in vain and It was rumored
that Cornelius had been killed by his
brother. Edward was afterward tried
In the courts of Oneida County, but
set up a claim of self-defense and the
Jury disagreed. A second trial fol
lowed and he was discharged.
Five years ago Edward came west
and located at Grand Rapids. To-day
h« went to a local hotel to meet a
friend on business. While there a
stranger accosted him with the ques
tion:
"Are you Eddie Van Lieu?"
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. Aug. 22.—
Two brothers, one of whom had been
tried for his life on a charge of mur
dering the other, met unexpectedly
at a hotel in this city to-day. They
are Edward S. Van Lieu of this city
and Cornelius S. Van Lieu of Pasa
dena, Cal. The meeting cleared away
a mystery of long standing and re
lieved one of the brothers of a shadow
which has rested upon him for years.
Twenty years ago the brothers had
quarreled in a tavern in Oneida
County, N. Y. After the quarrel Ed
ward returned to his home at Vernon
Center, resolved never to recognize his
brother again. Cornelius made a like
resolution and, having no family, de
termined to go West and forget. He
left without seeing any of the mem
bers of the family or his friends and
without giving them any idea of his
plans. ? : ¦:
Flames Spread Eapidly De
spite the Heroic Efforts of
3Ien, Women and Children
Californian After a Score
of Years 3Ieets Brother
Accused of His Murder
REUNION CLEARS
AWAY MYSTERY
FIRE IN NORTH
STILL RAGING
head. The peculiar circumstance of
the deed at first led to a suspicion of
murder, but this theory was rejected
by the police.
Vermillion was alone in his drug
etore on West Second South street at
3:30 o'clock. Persons living above the
etore heard two shots and rushed
downstairs to find the druggist lying
on the floor dead, with a bullet hole In
his cheek. The cash register was
open and had been struck by a bul
let. It is believed Vermillion at first
tried to shoot himself in the heart,
but in Borne way missed, the ball
striking the cash register instead.
First Shot, Aimed at His Heart,
Misses Him Entirely and Hits
a Cash Register.
* SALT LAKE. Aug. 22. — W. S. Ver
• million, a druggist, committed suicide
to-night by shooting himself in the
• SALT LAKE DRUGGIST
ENDS LIFE WITH PISTOL
Superior Judge William M. Conley
received the nomination for Congress
in the Sixth Congressional District
and was accorded a demonstration by
his enthusiastic followers when his
name was put on record as the unan
imous choice of the delegates. Q. W.
Mordecai placed the Judge in nomina
tion and paid a tribute to his fealty
to the party and his record as lawyer
and»jurist.
E. J. Livernash was the choice of
the Fourth Congressional District dele
gates after a brief session, held imme
diately after the adjournment of the
afternoon session of the convention.
Hugh O'Neil was chosen chairman and
J. D. Faulkner temporary, secretary.
It was the intention of part of the
delegates to put the nomination of
Livernash over until to-morrow morn
ing, but Chairman O'Neill suggested
that it were well to bring the work of
the committee to as speedy a termi
nation as possible.
J. J. Sweeney nominated Livernash,
who was chosen unanimously. Sweeney
then moved that the chairman be
given power to appoint all committees
provided for by the rules of order.
The motion prevailed. Sidney L. Van
Wyck moved that the delegates resolve
that they adopt the platform of the
St. Louis convention and that they
also resolve to adopt the platform that
will be presented by the committee on
platform and resolutions. -The motion
prevailed and the delegates adjourned
to meet at the call of the chair.
The Fifth Congressional District
delegates met in the convention hall
at the adjournment of the afternoon
session and elected Joseph Rothchild
temporary chairman and Edgar C.
Hurlbert temporary secretary. The
convention will meet again at 9:30
o'clock to-morrow morning.
COXLEY IX THE SIXTH.
FOURTH NAMES LIVERXASH.
Thomas J. Geary made q. straight
out Democratic speech, placing Theo
dore A. Bell in nomination. Bell was
chosen by acclamation and in his
speech ¦ of acceptance promised a
vigorous campaign and predicted the
election of Parker and Davis. A vet
eran from the Yountville home pre
dicted that Bell would get 90 per cent
of the soldier vote as a reward for
closing the canteen.
The delegates of the Third Con
gressional District decided to meet in
Oakland on September 3.
adopted by the Democratic local con
vention of Sacramento -County were
read and adopted. ¦,
The Seventh Congressional District
convention (Los Angeles County) or
ganized by electing W. H. Workman
chairman and A. R. Stephens secre
tary. Twenty delegates were present.
M. B. Jones placed In nomination for
Congress W.-O. Morton, who was de
scribed as a big, true, warm-hearted,
magnetic man, who came to California
from Texas two years ago. Morton
was chosen by acclamation.
The nominee is a gentleman of pleas
ing personality. He was born In Fay
ette County, Alabama, thirty-five years
ago and is a lawyer by profession. He
expects to make a vigorous campaign.
The Eighth Congressional District
will nominate a candidate for Con
gress to-morrow morning. The dis
trict convention met this afternoon
and appointed Timothy Spellacy
chairman and George E. Farrand
of Ventura secretary. J. M. Barne
berg of San Luis Obiapo was sug
gested as the choice of the dis
trict for elector, though the action of
the convention in appointing a com
mittee to select electors deprived the
district, of the right to elect Barne
berg. No nomination for Congressman
was made-. It being the opinion of the
delegates to the District Convention
that it would be best to wait until
after the committee on credentials of
the State Convention reports to-mor
row morning.
Late to-night It was announced that
neither State Senator Emmons nor
Editor Harrell of the Bakersfleld Cali
fornian cared to accept the nomination
for Congress from the Eighth. As a re
sult, the wires are being warmed up
In an effort to discover an available
Democratic candidate to grapple with
the Republican nominee in that district.
There was practically no contest dur
ing the preliminary caucuses of the
delegation and the nomination was
foreshadowed early in the day. The
delegation, thirteen in number, met
In the courtroom of Superior Judge
Smith at 7:30 o'clock in the evening
and elected De Witt Clary chairman
and M. J. Smeltzer secretary.
Considerable interest was manifest
In the candidacy of Frederick P. Fellz
of Salinas for State Senator In the
Thirty-first Senatorial District. Feliz
put up one of the most spirited cam
paigns In the section and met with
but little opposition in his effort In
the valley. He went to Santa Cruz
with the undivided support of the dele
gation. M. J. Smeltzer placed Feliz
in nomination and the motion that the
secretary cast the ballot was carried.
RECENT TEXAN HONORED.
The Second Congressional District
convention was attended by twenty
two of the 100 delegates elected, but
all the counties of the district, except
Marin, were represented. The dele
gates found the convention hall locked
at 9 o'clock, and, after discussing af
fairs on the sidewalk, went to the St.
George Hotel and held the session in
the ladies' parlor. D. W. Carmichael
of Sacramento was chosen chairman
and Ed E. Leake of Yolo secretary.
Some flamboyant resolutions recently
BELL IS REXOMIXATED.
To-night Caminetti received a mes-
Eage from Jackson, Amador Clunty,
announcing the serious illness of his
aged father.
But this did not satisfy those pres
ent. More speeches were made and no
one would hear of any one else but
Caminetti. At last the latter^, driven
into a corner, in a brief and simple
speech said that his chief objection to
the nomination was that he was not
in a financial position to make the
fight and, therefore, would not under
take to win while thus crippled.
But even this did not satisfy his ad
mirers. They still insisted that he
make the fight and Coonan said that
a committee would be appointed to
supply Caminetti with the needed
funds. This seemed to smooth matters
to some extent, but Caminetti was re
luctant and it was finally decided to
give him until to-morrow to make up
his mind.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug.' 22.— A. Cami
netti of Amador County was the unan
imous choice ol the Democrats of the
First District for Congress. Although
entirely without opposition, Caminetti
refused to accept the honor which his
associates sought to thrust upon him.
Several times did he arise and raise
his voice in protest. Finally the dele
gates compromised and decided to give
Caminetti till 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning to think the matter over.
Caminetti was nominated by Judge
Raker of Modoc, who took occasion to
pay a glowing tribute to the choice of
the gathering and. to dwell upon the
fact that he had accomplished much
for his district when he served as a
Representative some years ago.
At the conclusion of Raker's speech
Caminetti arose and, after thanking
the assembled delegates for the honor
they had conferred upon him, said that
he was rot in a position to accept the
nomination and requested the delegates
to lay aside his name and agree upon
some one else.
First District — A. CAMIXETTI of Amador (may decline).
Second District — THEODORE A. BELJj of Napa,
Fourth District — E. J. IiTVERXASH of San Francisco.
Sixth District — WILLIAM 31. COXLEY of Mndera.
Seventh District — WJ OWE.V MOKTOX of Los Angeles.
The striking* stablemen and hackmen
are confident that through the inter
vention of the Mayor some understand
ing may be reached. They say that
they will meet their employers half
viajr.
Thl« U briefly oar *lde "f the controversy
and *e hail with delight anything the Mayor
¦ an FURRest to assist the?* m»n who Imagine
dMy hare a grievance against this line of
Jair draling.
Heretofore th*" Gun«>rs> of Ftables had n«
p*>- rf^ardins ;he rn*n employed to work for
th*m. Th* SUbk-mces' Union made the rule*
and supp!1<vl the men. It fixed th» wage?.
bour« of labor and th«> nature of th* labor.
\\> rould not h!r» tn«"n of our own lelectlon;
«*• ha<i to take such ac the union ."aw fit
to wrvi us and pay th*>m the unlnn rate ct
¦wane*, whether they suited u» or not. To
t* brief, the union conducted our busings
m-'.thput even consulting us. We were com
j.!*te!y at lt« mercy, although we had capital
Invested end Kreat responsibilities thru»t
u;-on us in taking care of the property of
other*, while the Ftablemcn's rpsponslbUitiet
rnded wh#n their <iay'» work wai finlKhed.
Now. we. purpose to have eome say In con
ducting our wn bus'.nese. We Intend to
hire the men that suit u* Irrespective of union
rule». In oth«-r words, we puriose to have an
¦•rf»n chop." In Vhirh there will be no dis
crimination for or agair.n any man. whether
or not he b*lor.c» to a union, to Ion* ae he
faithfully reforms the work allotted to h!m
"We will anfl have paid the rcale of wares laid
do»n by the union »nd h«\-e agreed to the
working hour?, but we wl'l not be dictated
to by the iwn we pay to do our stable work.
In giving th« views of the associa
tion after the adjournment of the meet
ing Secretary L. C. White said that po
far as the association is concerned
there is practically nothing to be
gained by the conference. He added:
This phase of the situation was thor
oughly reviewed and discussed at a
noting of the Stable and Carriage
owners' Association last night, when it
\\as agreed that the executive commit
tee of the asaoi-iatiun attend at the re
tjuest of the Mayor.
The meeting to-day Is the result of
the Inability of both sides to the con
troversy to bring about an amicable
vndcrptanding by which peace might be
i*-?tTed and work continue as before
th» walkout of the stable workers. Con
ferences had been h*ld without arriv-
Irg at a settlement. As a last resort
th- £<x>d offices of the Mayor were
fcoucnt in the hope that an adjustment
mi^-ht be arrived at.
Representatives of the Stable and
Carriage Owners' Association and from
the Stabl-rmon's and Hackmen's unions,
with President P. H. McCarthy of the
Uullding Trades Council, will attend a
meeting in Mayor Schmitz's chambers
ih!s afternoon at 3 o'clock for the pur
pose of endeavoring to arrive at a set
tlement of the trouble between the eta
\>'.e and carriage owners and the strik
ir.g hfcekmen and stablemen.
Stable and Carriage Owners
Will Choose Their Own
•*3i en, According to Him
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEES FOR HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
WHITE FOR OPEN SHOP
Stablemen and Hackmen,
/Who Are on Strike. Hope
- for a Settlement To-Day
Caminetti, Unanimous / Choice in the First, Declines
Nomination and Is Given Until This Morning to
Think It Over---Livernash and Conley Are Chosen
MAYOR SCHM1TZ
TO INTERVENE
DISTRICT DELEGATES MEET TO NAME
MEN TO MAKE RACE FOR CONGRESS
GOTHAM'S LABOR
UNIONS AT WAR
Building Trades Alliance
Claims Rival Bodies Are
in League. With Employers
PLANS A PEOSECUTIOX
Contractors Said to Know in
Advance What Bids Are to
Be Put In for Certain Work
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— The Building
Trades Alliance, a union organization,
through counsel to-day made a fresh
attack on the Building Trades Employ
ers* Association by placing certain doc
umentary evidence before Acting Dis
trict Attorney Rand for the purpose of
ascertaining whether this evidence was
sufficient to begin the prosecution of
certain employers. The charges against
the employers are that they blacklisted
members of some of the trades affiliated
with the alliance and conspired to re
strain trade by. entering into agree
ments with unions whereby the mas
ters' •association profits over outside
contractors. «
The matter was, considered at length
to-day at a conference In the District
Attorney's office. After this meeting it
was reported that nothing would be
done by 'Jerome, as evidence of suffi
cient weight to warrant action had not
been produced by counsel for the un
ions.
The unions, It Is believed, Intend to
proceed against the employers on the
strength of the opinion handed down
on Saturday last by City Magistrate
Ommen In the action brought by As
sistant District Attorney Rand against
Donald Call et al., charging conspiracy
between the bosses and the unions In
the etonecutters* trade. Magistrate
Ommen held that any agreement en
tered into between unions and the mas
ters* association whereby the masters'
association knew in advance of putting
in bids Just what bids would be offered
and profited thereby was conspiracy.
It is reported that counsel for the
Building Trades Alliance to-day pro
duced evidence to show that similar
agreements to that of the stonecutters'
have been entered into by at least one
other union, which act is In favor of
the masters' association of that trade.
Rand, said that when the new State
law known as the Prince statute goes
into effect on September 1 next a close
watch will be kept on employers, who
can be prosecuted for giving bribes or
extortion money to business agents or
other representatives of unions.
The presenting of the evidence against
the employers by counsel for the alli
ance is considered the first retaliatory
measure on the part of the unions since
the Building Trades Employers' Asso
ciation started in to break the building
trades strike in this city by engaging
union men who sign individual arbitra
tion agreements. 1
GREEKS URGED TO STRIKE.
Consul and Priest Appeal in Behalf
of ' Butchers' Union.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— Special services
were held to-day in the Greek Church
on Johnson street and Rev. George Go
geades and the Greek Consul, Peter
Salopoulos, denounced their country
men for taking the places of strikers in
the stockyards and urged them not to
report for work to-morrow morning.
Rev. Mr. Gogeades told his parishion
ers that he would refuse to administer
the sacrament on August 2S to any
Greek who was at work in the stock
yards.
While priest and Consul were lectur
ing inside the church prominent Greek
business men addressed the crowd on
the streets, where an overflow meeting
was held. They urged their country
men to join the labor unions and not
allow themselves to be used as tools to
reduce wages and the standard of liv
ing among American citizens.
STOCKHOLDERS DEPORTED.
Part Owners 6f a Mine Are Ordered
Out of Silverton.
DENVER, Aug. 22.— A special to
the News from Silverton, Colo., says
that a party of citizens from Telluride,
including prominent' mine managers,
enme over to the property of the
Black Bear Mining Company, located
in Ingram Basin, on Sunday afternoon
and compelled all the miners to come
out of the shaft and line up before
them. Four of the miners were* se
lected from the party and told to leave
the neighborhood and not return.
They were accused of being "per
nicious agitators" in behalf of union
ism. All of the deportees are stock
holders in the Black Bear. The men
arrived in Silverton after walking
several miles over rough mountain
trails.
DENVER, Colo., Aug. 22. — H. N.
Heinerdlnger and J. S. Hall, repre
sentatives of the Interstate Mercantile
Company, who were expelled from
Cripple Creek Saturday by a mob, to
day had a consultation with former
Governor Charles S. Thomas and In
structed him as their attorney to begin
suit in the Federal court for an in
junction forbidding interference with
them and their property in Cripple
Creek. They will also seek compen
sation from Teller County for their
losses*.
WILIi SUE FOR DAMAGES.
THE SAN FRANPSCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 190*.
HONOLULU, Aug., 2 2.— The steam
ship Coptic, which arrived here to
night, had on board a case of typhoid
fever in the steerage. The Coptic was
placed in quarantine, but she will not
be greatly delayed. -\
Liner Coptic in Quarantine.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22. — The packers
to-day asked for an injunction pre
venting the city of Chicago from Inter
fering with them in housing their em
ployes in their plants during the con
tinuance of the strike. Arguments
were heard by Judge Brentano for
three hours and will be continued to
morrow.
Packers Insist on Right to House Em
ployes in Their Plants. •
ASK FOR INJUNCTION.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 22.— The lid
was removed from Sacramento to-night
and the town thrown wide open to all
forms of gambling prohibited by the
State law. The two leading hotels have
opened bank gambling rooms, and old
gambling houses, where the lights have
not burned for years, are brilliantly Il
luminated and offering all manner of
games. The faro tables appeared to be
the most liberally patronized, although
other forms of illicit games seem popu
lar.
The police officers who were known
to be hostile to the gamblers have been
placed on outside beats and their as
signments given to men who pass by
the gambling houses without noticing
them. In the midst of it all, Mayor "W.
J. Hassett, who promised that he
would not permit gambling in this city,
preserves silence.
A resolution introduced by Albert
Elkus in the Board of Trustees to
night to cite Chief of Police Coffey for
willful neglect of duty was lost by a
majority vote, and Sacramento official
dom has practically given notice to the
rest of the State that Sacramento is a
wide-open town and shall so remain
during the two weeks of the State Fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
4
OCEAX TRAVETj.
AMEKICAN UXTE.
Plymouth — Cherbonrgr — Southampton.
¦ From New York, Saturday, 9:30 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. 3iOfrmanlc S«pt. 17
Philadelphia... Sept. 10|>.>w York Sept. 24
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LIUE.
New York — London Direct.
Mnhaha..Sept. 3. 11 am[Mesaba..Sept. 17. 0 am
Minneapls.Sept.10,6 amlMinnetka.Sept.24. 5 am
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Sept. 3j Kensington.... Sept. 17
Ottawa S?pt. lOiDominlon Sept. 24
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tona.
Hew York — Rotterdam, Via Boulosme.
Saillnz Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Sept. 6|Noordam Sept. 20
Kyndam Sept. 13lStatendam Sept. 27
RED STAR LIKE.
New York — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Kroonland Sept. 3IFlnland Sept 17
Zeeland Sept. 10|Vader!and Sept. 24
VTStTE STAR LINE.
New York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sallinc Wednesdays.
Celtic... Sept. 2. 10 amlCedric. .Sept. IB. 10 am
Baltic... Sept. 7, 3 pm Oceanic. Sept. 21, 3 pm
Majestlc.Sept.14, 10 amlArabic.Sept.23.4:30 pm
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Republic (new) :..Sept. S
Cymric Sept. 15. Oct. 13. Nov. IT
Cretic Ausr. 25. Sept. 22:
NEW SERVICE FROM BOSTON.
Tart Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11,400 to 15,000 Tons.
NEW YORK AND BOSTON DIRECT.
To the Mediterranean,
Via Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLIC... Oct. 20. Dec 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 25
CRETIC Nov. .3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4, March 18
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC... Sept. 17. Oct. 29. Dec. 10, Jan. 28
CANOP1C Oct. 8. Nov. 19. Jan. 7, Feb. 13
First clas?, $65 upward; depending: on date.
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
~>dfp&^ff MENANDWOME*.
*%£*&&%VVLEb%jbri Cm Big Oforunnatcrml
la 1 to t <J»r».\J3 dlsch»r|ei,lnCamm»tloni.
KfMW Oiirtnu«d M Irritations or ulceratloaj
oabj* not to iuuiart. of mncoos membrane*.
ff^ 1 Tr**nu CeaUfUa. Paln'.eis, and nofaitrln-
KJ^lTHEETiHSCHEMlWLCO. geot or po^onooi.
%*3$k 3!NClMKATI,0.K^a Mali by Drat«lato,
UtkA. !3si or § * nt >n Plain v»rapp«*.
.rf^ffvNi b 7 expTe««. prapald, for
X^ffiBfflp^l •!•<». or SbottLMJ.:*.
— ClrcaUr iect on t»an«3»
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
oil Application.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RflYFS & ffl Shl PP in « Butcher*, loa
JA2. DU1C3 tt WU. Clay. J«L Mala 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front at.. 8. F. Phon* Main 1718.
PRINTING.
F f Hllfi HP's ' PRINTER.
It I. DtUilCOt fill sawoiiw U., 8. V.
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
SICK HEAO ACHE
~~ : 5 — I Positively cured by
f 1 h DTCD 0 t^ es0 LUtIe riIls *
\i§\ |\ I L l\0 The y *fe° rcUcve Dls-
C^Sa _. tress I ro:n Dyspepsia, In-
*^^ ITT LE digestion and Too Hearty
pa 1 \f C Th Eating. . A perfect rem-
Wm -''.I f til edy for Dizziness. Nataea,
{!?§ PILLS* Bad Taste
JjU'jwJ in tho Mouth. Coated
JHBBSSBa Tongtre. Pain 'in tne Side.
m^ tm^^ mam I TORPID LTVEIL Taey
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILU SMALL DOSE SMALL PRICE.
carters! CiRE S1CK HEADACHE -
SIittle Ger.uins Must Bear
I (9 PtLL? Fac-Simile Signature
m 1 /^ze4^^^^f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the execretions
from it off ; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free alkali
in it. .
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
Sold all QTcr the world.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
) MUSEUM OF AHATOHY
'C M$ 1851 KIXXXTC;. tst fcU7a.5.r.bL
\ Cj ... Tt « Mf?*" **«»«»ie»l Mum in Ifc*
i F^Bl <*».»« p«»HI». I, c » r^ ry th, ol(lt , t
0 1kM| Spec»ii»l 00 ih, CoMt. t.t. j4 TO », 4 .
4 t%B.l 0S * OF KEN
A F«£?J3 C<5Di«!u.fjo» fre* «nd ttrir'.'y prime
§ I AMX n Ti««t»«.-.t p»r»on4l. y <w by Itler. A ,
• T I W Tl ¦ ****** c " r * *" ****y «*•« i»dCTt«k«ii.
Dtl 110 Write for B'.tk. r«IL«««riiTr.r
1 J 1^ ¦AIRIAOK. MAtLKB r*tl. (A
A fl (|. v»iu«W« U»» lor M|
V t>U. JOBDAX A CO.. I0S1 Mi»rlrrt»t..S. P.
i'< MERCHANT TAILORS, Jj
g t22 Market Street. j|
*; Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HoteL y
; SAN FRANCISCO. *
P Novelties in Imported Wear. |
AD VERTISEMEXTSL^^^^^
,-^-,-^^^p—^ -rprM TPTT1 T^ M^TaTTTHf^" M 1PTT^ l TT^*T^^TTTyT^^T3^^^n^^S*^*^*^*^^^<i^^i^^^^i 1«J s»iftWff^^"^^^^^^^^^isB^as^^^T^ '
818-820 Market St San Francisco.
nniIRI-F DAY PR PC U.S. Postage Stamps i
DVVJmJL. UJ\J Mitt on an purchascs m
U_ a »*• our Stationery Department to
WEDNESDAY amount ol 20c or more. j
SXBBOK SPECIAL. ETZB7 DAY IS BAEOAI5 DAT
Scotch Plaid Hair BioDon— Over AT OTO STORE.
inth wide, in pretty colors; reg. Corsets worth IttSi special. . ..oC
price 12c per yd.; special 6c Silk Collar Foundations, lac;
Pure Taffeta Bibbon* — 5 inches special ::'WV -
wide, in solid colors, specially Handkerchiefs worth 19c; 2 for ,>c |
suitable for Bows and Neck Rib- Ladles' Neckwear worth lac;
bons, all shades; regular value each - • ¦ • ¦ jP
35c: special :ll)e Initial llandkerchkfs. each ..«•
Our expert bowmakers will tie them Indies' Pretty Top Collars .»<•
free of charge or drape your veils 50c Belts. 20 styles 1 .»c
free. Indies' Hosiery worth 20c tOc ;
STOCK COZ>X>AKS. Muslin Underwear worth $1.00
All of our 35c. BOc, 60c Stock Col- at •»£ c
lars have been reduced for this Lawn Waists worth >1.00 at... t> O<»
sale to .....2I»<? s=^=s== ========
A 15c Silk Feather Bone Collar OPEEA GI.ASSES.
Foundation free with each Collar, jiother of pearl, with powerful
to-day only. lens: regular value, $3.50 and ',
" $4.00; special price... $2.75 :
$9.00 TBTJNK 86.05- o^ $2.50 Opera Ola*»e» on Bale at 1
m A strong, flat. S 1 ,J)S |
ISr^^^^f^-m canvas - covered STJITRISi: ALARM CLOCK.
tOWf— *¦' --f-B Trunk, with ro<><1 One r>f the H< -«=t Alarm Clock3 made;
KW#Y 9 j J lock and bolts. regular price $1.00; on sale Tm>s-
>r^Ja_J-i^$1pS large brass day *•»<*
L ¦'TB ' Uk bumpers. 4 hard- CHUDBIS'S METAIi PTTBSE3
ral^ki^nl wood slats on With long chain; on sale Tuesday. .
"vWjCI-^ top and 2 all 1 Sc
"*¦ — . around body; ==¦=»
large tray and hat box and two SWEEFEBS THAT SWEEP
stout straps: 34 in.; on sale CLEAN.
8G.95 A roller-bear-
Only one of many bargains. * n K . swee P*T*
$4.75 F0IJ3ING GO - CAST \4l plated trim-
83.I5O- — ry >i nvr.^. assort-
\ \ Rattan or wi^k- f"* ..._— ./ '1! wood ri n : .= -
\ \ f>r bark, ennm- j JrSc&Byk' aV^> ' s: ornamental, !- ;
tSSn* ele<l steel scar. JBES232l3ffi?g?3 ns w '" u aa <x " (
«4*^ rubber tires. L J Wfifyt* tremely useful,
vp^i! strong. wpII *¦»— w=fo| Regular price
•W% madp and light: T 1 — *3=r" $2.75. our very
'WmtT^St regular $4.75; on special price S2.JJJ)
wSgff^^l special sale — . Same as above, only japanned finish
wPb 1 S3.5O trimmings. Regular price $2.00: ;
, _fl^r\?^\ S5 - 50 rOLDIITQ 1 Sl.S *
(3££5ny> ss-c^sss »«~" ns^ AMX MEAT j
PABASOi Made of clean white wood: back ts
- \bcjfc*S S:$. !)."». tongue and groove, not nailed on:
¦v^ Elegant veneer- green wire cloth on ends and
ed back, folding and reclining Go- doors: 24 in. high. 21 in. w!de.
Cart, with green enameled steel 10^4 in. deep: this Safe is stained
gear and nickel trimmings, rubber a light yellow, making it clean
tired, with adjustable parasol; on looking and "clean." Regular
sale 8:t.?)5 price $1.00; our special S4c
KNIVE3, 3AZ0RS AJTD SHEARS GEOUSD AZTD EEPAISED. '
PICTURE FRAMES OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO ORDER.
X
ilfiijl TOURBST SLEEPERS 1
FOR ST. LOUIS I
DATES: I
AUGUST 18. 19. I J
SEPTEMBER 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 19, 20. 23. 29. V
OCTOBER 3. 4. 5. 6. 19. 20. 26. 27. |
FROM SAM FRAMCISCO: 8
On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m., with day- 1}
light ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado, [
over Rio Grande Railway. All sleepers carried via {
Denver, thence East on the Burlington's fast through «
trains to St. Louis. A standard through sleeper to St. E
Louis every day at 6 p. m. Same route. f|
RATES: I
All the low Special World's Fair Excursion Rates !
authorized from California points apply for these Bur- fcj
lington Excursions; other Excursions on frequent 0
dates to Chicago. ri
Call on or write a
General Agent. W. U. SAXTBOX2T. Burlington Ticket Office, fj
631 MARKET ST. (Under Palace Hotel). !~J
San Prandico. »]
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan, Wranjtel.
Juneau. Haines. Ekaruay.
etc., Alaska— 11 a, m.. Aug.
18. 23. 28. Sept. 2. Chan**
to this company's steamers
at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
Belllngham— 11 a. m., Auj. 19, 23. 23. Sept 2.
Change at Seattle to this Cornpany > » steam-rs
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattla or
Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Aug. 20. 26. Sept. 1; Corona. l:3O p. m..
Auz. 23. 29. Sept. 4.
For Los Ar.ee Us <vla Port Voa Anjreles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Ron, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. & a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (9aa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Huenemc
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Aug. 1». 27, S*pt. 4.
Coos Bay. » a. m., Aug. 23. 31. Sept. S.
For Ensenada. Magdaleoa Bay. San Jose dsl
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax, Santa Ro-
salia. Ouaym.is (Mex.). 10 a. tn.. 7th each -mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to rhan«r» steamers or satlinc dat<»s.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Monteota-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St., and Broad,
way wharves. Prelsrht Offlo«, 10 Market st.
C. I>. Dl'NAXN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check bagjrajre from hoteli and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
oceanics.5.co.»Ss
fi.S. ALAMEOA, for Honohilu.Augr.27. H a.m.
S. S. SIERKA. for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Sept. 9, 2 p.ra.
S.9. MAR1POSA, for Tahiti. Sept. 14. 11 a.ia.
J.D.SPHICIELS k BB03. CO., A£ts.,Ticfct CEC3 643 Kir-
tet, Fnizni C3C8 329 Martst St., Plsr 7, PaciSs si
C0XPA0MI5 0SHSKAL5 TBAIUATLlHTia?].
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. a^.»_
Sailing every Thursday instead of -dfc<jg%
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. "5 S JM»"
North River, foot of llorton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GKNERaL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building), N*w
York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To TJ. S. Navy Tard and VaUajo.
Etmrs. General Frisbia. Mcr. ticeila and Arrow.
0:45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. f.. 8:3u p. ra. (ex. Sun.):
Sundays. V:45 a. m.. v.;:u p. ra. Leave Vallejo
7 » a. m.. 12:30, 3:15. 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.): Sun-
days. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot MIs-
tlon street: phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS.
To TJ. S. Kav7 Tard and Valls'o.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves 9. F.. foot of
Clay st.. north end ferry bids— Week days.
&-3U A. M., 3 and *S P. M.; Sundays. » : ;jo
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leaves Val!*Jo— Week days.
COO A. M.. 12:20 and BtfO P. M.: Sundays. 3
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates
Fcndays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martinet.
6Oc round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL
CO. ' Phone Main »»¦ 'Saturday exceptad.
WeeHyCall $l.ooprYearIt is always safe to suspect the sus
picious _ ...
Good pen points. We^ sell "Waterman's
Meal" and "The Marshall," the best- $1
pen in the world. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Points to Remember.
Smelter to Stay »t Keswick.
REDDING. Aug. f 2.— -The report
that the Keswick smelter was to be
moved to the vicinity of Martinez was
a mistake. The company is now urg
ing all the. small mine owners in this
vicinity to bring in all of "the fluxing
ore they can get out and the company
is employing all the men it can get ,
There are only two of the five furnaces !
at the smelter running because of the
scarcity of flux. J
San Francisco— D. Abraham. R, BoIIe. I. B.
Cr 3 '"! 1 : 1 ~ n \. Mrs - w - v "'- '/)l«iock. A. Colestock.
?¦ t? c £ ab ?;. G r S " AnJrc « and wife, C. M.
If ?S I- f» ck * cn - L. M. Samuel. Mrs. H.
T. Lu^es F H. Inahaa, Mrs. J. I. Luby. S.
hamuel. B. « Samuel. C. S. Samuel. Miea V.
Bergee. L. K. Fletcher, A. D. Smith W P
fcimpsou. J. Moiuhza and wli>
Lcs Anjeles— Mrs. J. a. Parish. Mrs. M.
nverhardr. T. H Duzenburjr and wife. Miss
M hnrtrtt Dr. L Lahondf, s. U Hurst. M.
i •c E^ rhart , y> J - **• Motse ' J - *• Mols *. M*
fc. S. Cfcappelear, S. S. Chappelear, G. C Pfen
inser and wife, Mrs. M. J. c. Brtntot 1 C H
Kr.ox.il. A Wad-. W. Boyle. J. n. - Hutchlnl
*on. M:is C. E. Reese. F. L Miller E B.
Wlntrode. E. Johnson. A. C. Brown. M Gold
enson. J. Marke. W. F. Whlttaker H I*. Zim
merman. L. B. S^ymore. Mrs. M. G. Teed L.
A. Collins. Mrs. J. W. Collins. T. Roenni'eke*
IV. C. Berinjfer and family. G. Stewart J D
Melton. J. H. Woods. M. J. Collins *A." H
Johnson. E. S. Etockard. M. A. Davis. H. E.
Matthewson. Mrs. E. Vance. Ed Tlckewirth.
W. B. Fleming. Mrs. F. H. Onalman.
Oakland — P. N. Mlecevlch. I*. A. Stetson M
L. Dalzell. E. Greer. A. Shancan, Mrs. O G*
Burnett. Mica F. H. Appl«rate. E. S. Stephens.'
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 22.— The following
California visitors have registered at
the California building:
San Francisco and Jjos Angeles -Well
Represented at St. Louis.
CALIFORNIANS AT THE FAIR.
PORTLAND. Aug. 22. — Exhaust
steam from the largest brewery on the
Pacific Coast will ; heat the Atkinson
School this winter. Henry "Weinhard,
the millionaire brewer, has made the
offer to the Portland School Board and
it has been accepted. A force of men
will commence to-morrow laying pipes
along Twelfth street, across Davis,
about 260 feet to the school basement.
"This act of Weinhard'a will save
the school district between 5500 and
$800 a year.** Director Williams said to
day, "and we will be able to heat both
the old and the new part of the Atkin
son School for the next five years with
out the usual' annual bill for cordwood
and the usual trouble of securing and
storing it away in the basement." :-V
Millionaire Beennaker Comes to the
Aid of Northern Educational
Institution.
WILIi PIPE .STEAM FROM .
BREWERY. TO SCHOOLHOUSE
C. G. GIschel. Mrs. W. W. tVhltman. H. Bra
ner. Mm. M. T. Gordon, S. C. Stephens, A. B.
Stephens.
Pasadena — B. Bunnell. Mrs. M. A. Morse.
H. K 4 Focht. L. Math«ws.
Lonff Beach — Mrs. M. T. Niehol, A. B. Aus
tin. W. T. Nlchol. C. Weber, Mrs. E. Austin.
Fresno — H. D. Romlu^er. C. L. Crow, J. B.
Stevens W. H. Jackson, C. H. Cobb.
Miscellaneous — V. ClarJci San Diego; A. H.
Gre?n, Saa Dl*go; F. E. Gre«n, San D1«k>j;
F Pretsinger. San Diego: E. T. Duln, Holly
wood: Mr». H. D. WlthereU. Hollywood: F.
M. Bravender, Hollywood; I. L. Bryant. Riv
erside: F. K. Blackman, RlversidVe; Mrs. M.
£.. Geber. Riverside; R. C. Bryant, Riverside;
Mrs. G. W. Dennis. Riverside: Mrs. L,. Bidch.
San Jose; C. J. Brower, San Jo«: G. Peirans
and wife. San Jose; T. E. Barbour. Upland;
E. Rooblns. Upland: Mrs. V. Bliss, Santa
Barbara: J. P. Smith. Santa Barbara: J. Gll
lls, Stockton: W. A. Morris, Stockton: W. "W.
Hoffman. Byron. Mrs. S. Will*. Byron: S. N.
XV'ills Byron; Miss M. A. FUdivan. Sonora:
P. R. Kelley, Scnora; L. H. Hughes and
family Sacramento; S. VT. McKlai. Sacra
mento; M. E. Clow* and wife. Grafton; M.
Deach, Berkeley;. Mrs. A. E. Wilson," Berke
ley: O. Hutchinson, Downer: M. Cook* 1 . Dow
ney; J. C DouKherty. San Juan; W. L..
Jencks. Claremont; G. Ross. Santa Ana; W. H.
Dutnphy. Millbrae; Mrs. M. McDanlei. Butte
County; C. L. Haos. Ukiah: T. Sair. Fuller
ton: G. A. Estrem. Cnrnlng: F. C. Pixley,
Santa Paula: A. J. Rendleman. Whittier; J. J.
Booth. Haywards; Xj. S. Ernmlns:r. LJvei
more: P. Spencer, Stockton: W. A. Ely. San
Jose; F. C. Wansley. Glendora: H. L. Wood,
Grass Valley; Mrs. H. W. Kennejdy. Arbuckle;
Mrs. L. Brown, Rialto; B. F. Brown. An
tfoch: Mrs. G. K, Hyde. Cupertino: A. R.
Powell. Azusa: F. Jones, Portervllle: C M.'
Johnson, Fowler; G. U. Moyws, Glendora:
Mrs. H. N. Vanderwoort, Palo Alto: W. Beck
with. Stanford: T. E. Palmer. Stanford; H. D.
V.Mth'-rell. Hollywood.
To Rebuild at Martinez.
MARTINEZ. Aug. 22. — Plans for
buildings to replace those destroyed
by the recent Cre are being drawn and
it la only a matter of a short tim«
when Martinez will be a much hand
somer town than before. The Bank
of Martinez will erect a new bricfc
building.
Dies at Hotel Del 3Iar.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 22.— Mrs. Rose
Anna Edmunds of San Francisco, a
guest of the Hotel Del Mar. died of
pneumonia to-day. Funeral services
over the remains were held at Holy
Cros3 Church. The body was shipped
to San Francisco for Interment.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 22. — Whittier
Beeson. a 10-year-old boy. who lived
with his *widowed mother, was acci
dentally shocked and killed thi3 after
noon while sliding down a guy wire
attached to a telegraph pole. Th«
wire had evidently become charged
with electricity from the wires over
head.
Boy Killed at Play.
Upon the arrival of the El. Paso and
Salt Lake delegations it developed that
these cities are candidates for both
permanent headquarters 'and for the
next convention in case no permanent
headquarters are chosen. The Denver
Salt Lake City has tendered a build
ing site, a full lot located In the cen
tral portion of the city and said to be
valued at $30,000.
Malcomson. Texas; H. C. Hamlln, Col
orado: F. W. White. Ohio; F. V. Drake,
Oregon; Professor E. Hawarth, Kan
sas; O. W. Powers, Utah; J. F. Call
breath Jr., Colorado; M. D. Leehey,
Washington; Colonel James H. Lynch,
Montana; C. W. Dorsey, Nebraska; T.
A. Rickard, New York: E. B. Braden,
Montana, and C. F. Emmons. Wash
ington, D. C.
Credentials— Philip S. Bates, Oregon,
chairman; M. P. Gilbert. California,
and R. C. Patterson, Nebraska.
At the afternoon session W. D. Fen
ton, representing the director general
of the Lewis and Clark Fair, made a
most Interesting address, reviewing the
history of the plans for celebrating the
anniversary of the exploration of the
Oregon country.. The delegates will all
be entertained at the grounds during
the week, as guests of the manage
ment.
Colorado delegates arrived this even-
Ing and the Denver representatives lost
no time in opening headquarters to be
gin the campaign of that city for per
manent headquarters. . It is understood
that they bring authority to offer
financial support that will make the
claims of the city appear very attrac
tive to the delegates.
SALT LAKE OFFERS SITE.
f MEN PROMIXENT IN THE DELJB
! ERATIONS OF THE MIXING
[ CONGRESS AT PORTLAND.
WILLITS, Aug. 22.— Fire started In
one of the hotels at Laytonvllle last
night and quickly spread to the livery
stable across the street. In a very
short time the town was a mass of
flames. Both hotels, the livery barn,
which contained sixty tons of hay, and
almost every house in the town was
destroyed.
Flames Start in Hotel and Rapidly
Spread, Despite Efforts .Made
to Check Them.
TOWN OF LAYTOXVTLIiE
IS DESTROYED BT FIRE
BAKERSFIELD. Au?. 22.— While
clearing the remains of the freight
wreck at Fram. on the Southern Pa
cific and Santa Fe Joint track, last Fri
day night the wrecking crew discovered
the charred remains of three men un
der a car. The bodies were almost en
tirely consumed and there was abso
lutely nothing to give a clew to their
identity, but none of the train crews
Is missing. It is almost certain that
the remains are those of three tramps
who were stealing a ride and their
presence was not known.
Tramps Killed in Wreck.
Secretary Mahon then announced the
appointment of the following commit
tees, selected by the board of direc
tors:
Resolutions— Dr. • J. M. Buckley,
Missouri, chairman; Professor J.
E. Talmage, Utah: E. G. Rein
ert, ColcTado; Colonel Thomas
Ewing, California; J. E. Wat
son, Oregon: C. L. Diginowity, Penn
sylvania; J. T. Small, Maine; J. W.
Harvey W. Scott, editor of the Port
land Oregonian .and a pioneer of Ore
gon, was introduced and delivered an
Interesting address on the mining in
dustry and its relation to the develop
ment of the country.
SCOTT DELIVERS ADDRESS.
Responses to the addresses of wel
come were made by States by J. T.
Small of Maine, Professor J. T. Tal
mage of Utah, H. C. Cobb of Texas, J.
F. Callbreath of Colorado and John
Daggett of California.
The Governor was followed by Mayor
George H. Williams of the Rose City,
who In an equally warm manner ex
tended to the delegates the hospitalities
of Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 22.— The first
two sessions of the American Mining
Congress, which assembled at the arm
ory In this city to-day, adjourned about
5 o'clock this afternoon until to-morrow
morning at 9:30 o'clock after a day de
voted to listening to addresses of wel
come and their responses and the intro
duction of resolutions. So many of the
latter were presented that the resolu
tions committee is flooded and will be
unable to make Its first report until to
morrow afternoon at the earliest.
The report it Is expected will pre
cipitate the first real display of
strength between the delegates from
those cities striving to secure the loca
tion of permanent headquarters of the
congress. This became apparent when
a resolution was Introduced by Dr. J.
M. Buckley of Missouri proposing an
amendment to the charter taking out of
the hands of the body as a whole the
seleotion of the convention city each
year and making It one of the preroga
tives of the board of directors.
The convention was opened with
prayer, and then on behalf of the State
of Oregon Governor Chamberlain wel
comed the delegates and visitors. The
Governor's welcome was a hearty one,
and frequently during the course of his
speech he was greeted with prolonged
cheers.
delegates who arrived to-night, it is
thought, will also enter the struggle
for the alternative honor as well as
for the permanent headquarters.
President Richards, in his annual ad
dress to-day, emphasized the necessity
of securing Government co-operation In
the, mining industry In the form of a
shipment of mines and mining. He
called attention to the assistance the
Government had rendered in the distri
bution of the public domain through
the Department of the Interior; to the
farmer through the establishment of
the Department of Agriculture, and to
the remarkable work already accom
plished by the new Department of
Commerce and Labor. He asserted that
if the mining industry would give him
assistance It would be productive of
good not alone to individual pursuits,
but would affect every line of Industry
in the country. In pursuance with this
idea he proposed the following resolu
tion:
"Be It . resolved. That the American
Mining Congress, In annual session
assembled, believing that the time has
arrived when a Department of Mines
and Mining would be the means of
placing the mining Industry on a plane
commensurate with Its independence to
all industrial progress, urges the Con
gress of the United States to at once
create a Department of Mines and
Mining as one of the great executive
branches of our Government."
To-morrow's programme includes the
addresses of Senator John HI Mitchell
of Oregon and Chancellor E. Benjamin
Andrews of the University of Nebraska.
Owing to the fact that to-morrow night
will be the only time when Chancellor
Andrews can be present and fill his
other engagements, an evening session
of the congress will be held.
Rev. Father Patrick O'Brien of the
i Good Shepherd Church, Toledo, Ohio,
j and Rev. Father R. Radka of Ashka.
j Neb., have testifle'd to their belief in
J the purity of California wine by giving
| orders for some to be used in the altar
service at their churches.
The State and the County Commis
sioners from California attended a
performance of the "Darling of the
I Gods" at the Imperial Theater Tues
! day night as a testimonial to Blanche
j Bates, the California actress. Miss
| Bates is making a hit here, but the
¦ piece is not tremendously successful.
| vacant seats being seen at nearly
every performance.
Barney Dougherty, chief jailer at
the Broadway County Jail, and Wil
liam Burke of the City Prison, both
of San Francisco, stopped over In St.
Louis on their way from the East to
! see the fair and have a chat with De
| tective Harry Reynolds, who is here
i for the term of the exposition to look
after San Francisco crooks.
Reynolds says there are few San
Franciscan evil doers operating at the
fair. Many petty offenders who say
j they are from San Francjsco are gath
j ered In. but nearly all or them con
j fess that they are not residents of Cal
j ifornia, but were only following the
I races when there.
CALIFORNIA'S PURE WINE.
Two short branches, heavy with
Hungarian prunes, are exhibited by*
Arthur Thornton of New Hope, San
Joaquin County. The purple fruit
clusters thickly amid the leaves. R.
Adams of Acampo. San Joaquin Coun,
ty, exhibits prunes; J. B. Cory of the
same place, Simoni plums; Fred Eas
ton of Concord, Contra Costa County,
prunes and pears; C. S. Lohse of the
same place, prunes; J. B. Lewis of La
ton. Kelsey plums, and Charles Cham
bers of Porteryills. Tulare Count}-,
strawberry pomegranates.
Only in peaches and apples does the
East pretend to rival California. No
peach as large and luscious as the
Golden State article Is grown in the
East, however, and California pro
duces some apples that hold their own
with the best Eastern article.
Edward A. Hall, secretary of the
Pajaro Valley Board of Trade, has
written the California State Commis
sion for display space for some fine
apples to be sent on. Hall sayg that
as the crop is lighter this year than
usual finer specimens can be secured.
He says that Newtown pipprins. Lang
fords, Skinner's seedlings and Bell
flowers can be sent on that will do the
valley more complete justice than any
exhibit yet made.
J. A. Bunting of Oenterviile, Ala
meda County, has been doing the fair,
having come here in his private car.
Elfreda, with his family. As is known
to most Californians, Bunting was a
railroad mail clerk a few years ago.
He happened to buy some oil land in
Kern County that was not thought to
be worth much and now he has some
thing more than a million and tours
luxuriously.
HUNGARIAN PRUNES.
L» D. Brown, Newcastle, Placer Coun- I
ty. Alberta peaches; L. B. Hull, Tudor,
Eutter County, apples; Paul H. Steude,
Newcastle, Kelsey Japan plums; Mrs.
M. Katzenstein, Newcastle. Bartlett
pears; Frank Rogers, Newcastle, Hun
garian prunes.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 22.— Fire broke
out this afternon in the Ursuline Con
vent, and, though the flames were
brought under control before much
damage was done, great excitement
was created among the sisters and
pupils and a large number of citizens
who soon gathered at the scene.
The fire started In the basement of
the main building, where workmen
were repairing furniture, and soon
spread to the floor above. Mother
Agatha, the superior, gave orders to
remove the contents of the building
and then turned in an alarm. By the
time the Fire Department arrived "the
nuns and pupils had deposited most of
the portable articles on the lawn.
Within twenty minutes after the de
partment arrived the flames were un
der control. The damage amounted
to about $1000.
Prompt Action of Nans, Pupils and
Citizens Saves Institution From
Destruction.
FIRE VISITS URSUUXE
CONTEXT AT SAXTA ROSA
STOCKTON. Aug. 22.— Major T. J.
Dabney. Major H. B. Richardson and
Major H. M. Chittenden. the engineers
selected by the State Board of Pub
lic Works and other bodies interested
in the river problem, arrived in Stock
ton last evening from. Antioch.
This morning they appeared before
the Chamber of Commerce. Major Dab
ney stated among other things that as
long as the tailings from the mines con
tinued to come down the river chan
nels and fill them up there could be
no definite settlement of the river
problems.
Engineers Say Little Can Be Done
While Mine Tailings Flow
Into Channels.
EXPLAIN RIVER PROBLEM
TO PEOPLE OF STOCKTON
* Much fresh California fruit is
reaching the horticultural building
now. Prunes are in the lead, but
there are some peaches, pears and
ether fruit. Kings County sent the
first grapes. They came in good con
dition. Eastern black grapes are be
ing exhibited. They are of good fla
vor, but a dozen of the biggest clus
ters exhibited wouldn't make one av
erage bunch from a California vine.
Missouri and other States are making
displays cf peaches, but they are
dwarfs compared with some Early
Crawforfis sent by Fred Cooper of La
ton.
* The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce makes a pretty display of Sat
mma plums, Los Angeles and San
Diego ehow some magnificent lemons
and apples. More fruit of a fine qual
ity will aocn be en its way from the
southland.
•The northern conn ties are nearly all
sending fresh fruit of splendid size
and color. Among the exhibitors are
Contra ¦ Costa County is making
Forr.erhir.g of a specialty of her table
jrrapes in her World's Fair display.
Statistics of the profits made from
Vuch grapes, zs told visitors by Stan
lev Fish. Contra Costa County's repre
resentatlve here, are listened to with
a great deal of attention. Tokay,
Corr.ichon, Muscat Black Morocco,
Zla.l3.ga., Ferrera and Zotx?llkanski
grapes of immense size are shown in
jars. The grapes are finely processed
Mid appear as fresh. and luscious as
Tvhen plucked from the vines. Con
t.ra Costa will soon be forwarding
lr#sh grapes for exhibition in the hor
ticultural building. Other counties
v>;!l vie with her in the showing of
grapes and the result will be a beau
tiful display cf the product of the
Wiiliarr. O. Mcltowell cf New York,
nho was sent to Europe by the Con
gressional committee having charge of
the- congress to enlist the interest of
.the nations there in the project, has
called on the California State commis
sioners in regard to the matter of hav
ing the delegates visit California. All
that Is asked is that the commercial
bodies of California urge the Congres
sional committee to take the necessary
Fteps toward extending the itinerary
cf the parliamentary party to the coast.
The only thing necessary is more
* mosey, but there is a way cf securing
this without asking the Government to
give any mere. The United States Con
gress appropriated 530,000 for the enter
tainment cf the visitors. This sum has
permitted cf extending the itinerary to
Denver only, but Andrew Carnegie has
said that if more money is required to
•pive the visiting statesmen a fuller
view cf the country he will supply it.
A.11 that is asked cf the California com
mercial organizations Is that they urge
fhe Congressional committee to call
upon Carnegie for additional funds. It
may cost some budding metropolis a
library, but California can't afford to
let a email matter like that deter her
from securing a visit from a world rep
resentative body.
CONTRA COSTA GRAPES.
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILDING,
WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS. Aug. 22.—
It irouldn't hurt California to have some
of the greatest statesmen of the various
rations cf the world visit her and view
•her wcndera cf scenery and production
and receive the inspiration her climate
gives. The State day by proper effort
eecure a visit from the delegates to the
International Parliamentary Congress,
¦which convenes at the St. Louis Exposi
tion next month. There will be about
200 members of this congress, among
. them gome famous men who have given
• distir^uished service to great nations.
There will not be one who is not hon
ored In his own country. Many of them
will Se accompanied by their wives.
By Paul Edward*.
FRESNO. Aug. 22.— Mr*. Mar, E.
Johnston lies cold in death here, while
in San Francisco her son. Harry Har
ris, is slowly dying. The remains of
Mrs. Johnston have been embalmed
and are being held by the undertaker
till her son dies, that the funeral may
be a double one and mother and aoa
be cremated together.
Harry Harris, the son, was formerly
a telegraph operator here for tie Pos
tal Telegraph Company. He contracted
cancer of the throat and went to San
Francisco, where Dr. Rixford of Lane
Hospital performed two operations.
The cancerous growth was particularly
malignant and about a week ago ths
mother was informed that her boy
could not live. Since then she has
pined away. Last Friday she received
a letter telling her tfcat Harry bad but
a day or two to live. The blow waa
too much for her and Saturday even
ing she passed away.
The body is at the undertaking par
lors, where they have received orders
to hold it till the son dies. His deatii
Is expected at almost any hour. Tnen
the two bodies will be cremated, aid*
by side. It was the mother's wish and
It will be carried out.
Many of them were killed or
drowned during the retreat and others
sought refuge on an island belonging
to Argentina.
It is rumored in Formosa that As
uncion has surrendered, but the ru
mor cannot be confirmed. The revo
lutionists have seized another steam
ship loaded with cannon, rifles and
munitions of war.
There has been further fighting in
the republic of Uruguay. In a hand
to-hand fight between Uruguayan rev
olutionists and the Government forces
at Santa Rosa, held by the Govern
ment force, thirty-five men were
killed and eighty-five were wounded.
The town eventually surrendered and
the Government troops retired by wa
ter.
The Paraguayan capital is suffering
from the scarcity of "provisions. The
rations of the Government troops are
limited to eix biscuits daily. General
discontent prevails.
Manuel Dominguez, Vice President
of Paraguay, has resigned.
9
BUEXOS ATRES, Aug. 22. — The ;
Paraguay revolutionists have seized i
the town of Villa Reyes and have cap- '
tured the garrison, consisting of 200 ,
men. 1700 rifles and one cannon, in ]
addition to a quantity of ammunition j
for rifles and cannon. The revolu- j
tionist General Ferreira is encamped j
near Villeta, where he is being joined i
by many deserters from the Govern- !
ment troops, as well as recruits from j
the inhabitants of Asuncion. :
Rations of Federal Troops;
Limited to Six Biscuits]
Da ilv — Discontent Prevails j
News That Young Man's Ill
ness Would Result Fa
tally" Kills Fond Parent
Among the Delegates Are
Some of the World's
3Iost Distinguished Men
ST. MARIES, Idaho, Aug. tl. — De
tails have been learned of the killing
of Ed Bentley, a timber locator, who
was shot and wounded some time aso
and who, the other day, was murdered
on the trail near Mica Creek. Frank
Lindsey, a compar' n of Bentley. was
shot through the arm. Lindsey says
they were at the creek, drinking, when
a shot from ambush struck Bentley.
who fell. Lindsey says as he ran to
cover a second shot struck him in the
arm. He got behind a tree and heard
the assassins fire fifteen shots at the
prostrate body. Sheriff Manning and
the Coroner arrived here to-day on a
tug and went up the swift water of the
St. Joe in a canoe to the scene of the
tragedy. Deputy Sheriff Elliott has
gone with a posse and eight horses to
head off any one coming over the
Santa trail.
The trouble that culminated in thia
tragedy has been brewing for months.
It is said that "cruisers" in the em
ploy of big lumber companies have em
ployed men to jump settlers' claims, on
the ground that their lands were more
valuable for timber than for agri
culture. Two months ago Bentley, who
was charged with claim-jumping, was
warned to leave the country and, fall-
Ing, was shot and wounded from am
bush.
sult of Trouble That Has
Been Brewing for Months
Tragedy Said to Be the Re-
COMPANION IS WOUNDED
BOY IS SLOAYLY DYING
C(1)IE FROM MAXY LANDS
OX SHORT ALLOWANCE
Paraguayan Revolutionists
Take 3[any Prisoners and
Seize IJifles and Cannon
Expected Death of Son De
lays Funeral Services Over
Remains of His Mother
National Parliamentary Con
irress Now in St. Louis May
Visit California if Asked
Governor of Oregon and Mayor of City of Roses Greet
Men Who Have Assembled to Discuss and Solve
Problems of Vital Interest to the Entire Country
Posse Is Out After Slayers of
Idaho Timber Locator. Who
Was Killed From Ambush
FIFTEEN SHOTS
FIRED AT BODY
ONE FUNERAL
PYRE FOR BOTH
CAPTURE TOWN
OF VILLA REYES
CARNEGIE WILL
FOOT THE BILL
PORTLAND GIVES AHEARTY WELCOME
TO MEMBERS OF MINING CONGRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,. AUGUST 23. 1904.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN FURNITURE
we ihave always represented the very best
ideas, Wihee style is considered you will
find our Display is always ahead of any
other in town, and our. prices are equally
commendable. Oiar Fall importations
contain many novelties which we cor=
dially invite you to inspect : : : : :
W.&J. SLOAN E& CO.
FURNITURE-CARPETS • RUGS • DRAPERIES*
114- -12, 2 POST ST., S.R
DR. PIERCERS REMEDIES.
THE ATTRACTIVE GIRL
Ksch has bees wilt tea aboct "the Amer-
icas girl " asd her remsocs fbr being- pr^
attractive girl ia
"^^SgovjQ^dfc^f?*! involves the whole
Qm-km £&¦£§?*£?.
3*15 dispos:tioa at tfc:s tine. *
Nerwoos or sick woaen «re afforded the
cppcrlcsity of a Uteri Tne, for tie nrakers
« Dr. Fierce 's Favorite Prescription now
c£er $*oo mrard fcr worsen wto cannot
be cored. Backed up by over a third of a
.crstsrr of remarkable and uciforo cares,
*a record such as no other retaedy for the
* diseases and weakaesscs peculiar to wonea
?! vex Strained, the proprietors of Dr. Pierce'*
.Fsronte Pre«cripticn now feel fully war-
rasted is cSeriag to par $500 in legal jroney
of the Usitcd States for aay case cf Len-
corrbea. reraale Weakness. Prolapsus, cr
Fallirg- cf the Wc=b, which they cannot
cire. All they ask is a fcir ard reasonable
. trial of their aeiss cf cere.
-1 <===3t praise roer tredfcia* highly
•r.cusra." writes Sir-. Jennie Hippcnhaa-r. of
jTsTtcrto^TH. Indiaa.!. "I bejsa takicg Dr.
rtercs'f Favorite Prescript i'ia aad tack it stead-
ily fcr eix raonlhs. I wzs sot once sick at stoss-
ach. ct»eT resitted occe. Took the * Favcrite
Prescription * three tises a day asd when in
. tevw pain took an extra teaspooeful of raedi-
• ci=- which cs«i:ed the pain. I fett pleasant all
th- rise asd did net get nerroc» ms I csed to.
Tories =iy baby girl cam; Last Aajrust she was
healthy. She is sow eleven tnosths cJd. Ara
tiirty-eijbt vears old and never got throcfh sa
•eisily ia all ny life. Thy should women sufTer
whes they can :~rt thrcujh so ci.*i'iy ? I ara
able to do g--ite a ws'ihinj uni ironing which I
cooid not co fcr e:-ht years befcre."
As a tcs:c for worsen who are nervtma,
5*.=eple«s. worn-oct and run-down, "Fa-
••crvr? Prtscriptic:: " is cn;qt:al=d. •
For censtitsatioa. the true, scientific care
i* Dr. Pierce 's Fieasact Pellets. Mild,
harcsless, yet sere. No other pill can
compare viia them.This institution opens its doors to-day for
Its five and fortieth freshmen class. Fresh
men class No. 45, I have a few gentle words I
wish to say to you. My dear freshmen, you
were Just now so thoroughly at the top of
things in your high eehools that it will be hard
for you "to realize how thoroughly you are at
the bottom of things here. Ycu will be wel
comed, you will be viewed with much interest,
you will be treated with much courtesy, much
condescending courtesy; you will be enter
tained at Stiles Hall and other halls; you will
receive deitcate attentions from the various
fraternities, but It is well not to be deceived;
you are at the bottom, it will be very hard
to believe it, when you find yourselves centers
of Interest at the fraternity houses; but, after
you join, you will be undeceived. You arc at
the bottom, and the absolute bottomness of it
will be only the more certainly set forth when
some high soaring, noble soul among you in
vindication of his slighted worth shall gather
his manhood about him, and, smiting off the
shackles of inglorious obscurity, shall seize
(he brush and paint upon the football fence the
gleaming figures naughty- eight.
The plain, wise thing for a freshman to do is
to settle d^wn.to work as soon as possible and
retire from the limelight. It will be very easy
If you follow out all the distractions of these
tirs>t few weeks to wreck ycur college course
at the start. The men who are esteemed and
followed in later years of the course will gen
erally be from the number of those who at the
beginning lie low and saw wood. There are al
ways some forward persons who are anxious
to organize freshmen balls and freshmen teas,
and who bubble with ctass enthusiasm, but
they are apt to transfer their allegiance to the
next following claps and graduate with it, if
at all. Some people are born prominent, some
have prominence thrust upon them, but, pray
take my advice, and,, If you were born promi
nent, try to hold destiny In check during your
freshman year.
The university opens to you here and now
her gates and rails you to her feet, that she
may teach you various lessons out of various
lores. It is her sovereign de»ire not that you
be learned, but that you be free, that you
learn to love the noble, that you gain visions
of the larger life, that you stand fast in the
truth. Will you hear her? Will ypu give her
your hearts?
The Glee ' Club sang a number of
songs during the meeting and in the
last the entire assemblage joined.
President Wheeler's address to the
new freshman class entering the Uni
versity of California was a word of
warning against being too prominent in
the first year of their college careers
in merely class affairs, in balls/parties
and such. Work ought to come first
and play afterward. To illustrate his
meaning, President Wheeler seized
upon a slang phrase- to help him out,
his advice being -to "lie low and saw
wood." Here are Px-esident Wheeler's
words, spoken at the first university
meeting of the new term this morning
in the Harmon Gymnasium:
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Augi 22.
Illustrates Welcoming Ad
dress With Apt Phrase
From Slang Language
"LIE LOW, SAW WOOD' 1
President of University
Tells Newcomers to Re
main \ Well Under Cover
W HEELER W ARNS
ALL FRESHMEN
ROOM THJBVES OPEUIATE. —Oakland
Aug. 22.— The. Police have reports ot the theft
of thro* allvcr watches from • T. - Xusuda's
room. 415 Seventh street, and a clock, valtse
and clothing from Mite's room. ISOa
lircachvay. >•¦-,-.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— Total enroll
ment at the. High School has reached
951 pupils, the largest in the school's
history for the fall term. Five ad
ditional classes, two in algebra, two in
English - and one" In ancient history,
have been organized to meet the In
creased demand. .... . .
High School Attendance.
IS AN ASYLUM KSCAPE.— Oakland, Aug.
22.— Charles Lewis, arrested In San Francisco
and turned over to the Oakland police as a
room thler, . Is an escape from the State Hos
pital for the Insane at Ukiah, where he had
oem an Inmate for some time. Lewis has a
mania for stealing valises. He will be re
turned to the hospital.
OAKLAND,\Aug. 22. — A proposition
has been made to the members of
the Plymouth-avenue Congregational
Church to change the denomination of
the church to Presbyterian and to
consolidate with the mission at Tele
graph avenue and Twenty-sixth street
under the name of the Plymouth-ave
nue Presbyterian Church. The mem
bers, will consider the change at ,a
business meeting ,to be held Wednes
day evening. The Rev. Charles Way
land Hoag, former pastor of the
church, has retired. from the minis
try and Is now connected with the
law firm of Heald & Ormsby. .He was
admitted to the bar three years ago.
May Change Denomination.
ALAMEDA, • Aug.. 22. — Arrange
ments have been made between Fore
caster McAdie of the weather bureau
and the Trustees of this city for the
establishment of a branch weather
bureau station to be located in the
tower .of the City Hall.-' Instruments
for the new station have been ordered
and are expected to arrive any day.
Dr. Thomas Carpenter of this city will
be in charce. k - ¦
Alameda Weather Station.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22. — The trial of
"W. O. Stewart, charged with having
shot W. S. Kennedy one night last
June, was begun before Judge Hall
and a jury here to-day. While Ken
nedy's wound was serious It was not
fatal and he took the stand to-day In
an effort to convict his assailant.
Both are young men and had been
acquainted at" Santa Barbara, where it
is claimed by Kennedy Stewart sup
planted him in his wife's affections.
After having lost track of each other
for some time- the men met in San
Francisco and Kennedy took Stewart
home with him in order to confront
Mrs. Kennedy with Stewart and try
to get at the bottom of his suspicions
They arrived there about midnight
and a quarrel ensued, in which Stew
art drew a pistol and shot Kennedy.
Trial of IV. O. Stewart for Assault
on W. ,S. .Kennedy Over
:,^«- Wife Besmn.
STORY OP MIDNIGHT
1 SHOOTING BEING TOLD
Burglars Kob Jewelry Storr.
HAYWARDS, Aug. 22.— The jew
elry store of H. Hauschildt was en
tered by burglars last night and two
dozen gold rings, several gold brace
lets, six revolvers and a number of
razors were stolen. The thief smash
ed a phonograph and placed his plun
der In the case, that he might carry
it without trouble. He took enough
ammunition to load all of the stolen
revolvers. The jeweler's loss amount
ed to about $150.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214& Center Street, Aug. 22.
Carrying out the last wishes of his
friend and fraternal brother, John
Strelghtif, Deputy Coroner for Berke
ley, climbed Grizzly Peak this morning
and scattered the ashes of John Allen
McDonald, suicide, to the four winds.
Grizzly Peak is the highest point in
the hills overlooking Berkeley, the fa
vorite objective point for those who
like to see the panorama of the Golden
Gate, the bay and its environs. From
the single Moulder that crowns the peak
the Deputy Coroner stood' and scat
tered the dead man's ashes from a
copper urn so that the winds could
catch them and carry them down the
mountain side.- This done, Mr.
Streightif hurled the urn away and
now it, too, lies In" some sequestered
spot in the' brush.
John Allen McDonald died a suicide's
death in October of last year. He sent
a bullet into his brain. When his body
was found this last word to the living
lay beside it:
"I want John Strelghtif to conduct
my funeral.- My remains I want incin
erated and it is my wish that he scatter
the ashes to the winds." v
Mr. Strelghtif and the -suicide were
long-time friends and Odd Fellows.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 22. — The Trustees
held. a general meeting this evening to
discuss the recent Sherman-street fire,
in which so much property was lost-
There has been so much talk about
the fire that the entire Board of Trus
tees, nearly every member of the Fire
Department and many citizens were
present.
The Trustees questioned carefully
the members of the Fire Department,
who all agreed that in three minutes
after the alarm came in there were
two streams on the fire and in eight
minutes every bit of apparatus in the
town with the exception of • the one
steamer was in action. . .
Chief Krauth of the Fire Depart
ment then explained why the steamer
was not put in action. He said that it
was the fault of the driver that the
machine was not taken out, even
thought it was being painted, but even
had the steamer been in action the
water pressure was so small that the
steam machine would merely have
concentrated the twelve hydrant
streams that were. being used on the
fire into two 'Streams, there not being
water enough in the mains, and it was
his judgment that twelve small streams
were better than two large ones.
There were a number of addresses
by prominent citizens, among them be
ing E: R. Anthony, E. J. Holt, G.' E.
Plummer, P. W. Barten and others.
There were no definite charges made
and Barten told the audience that the
tewn did not appreciate what a good
Chief it had for their department.
Some of the citizens wanted more
equipment for the Fire Department
and some wanted larger water mains
and more pressure.' These two ques
tions the Trustees will have to grap
ple with in fixing the tax lavy.
President Forderer at the end of the
discussion said the Trustees were satis
fied with the handling of the fire.
John Streightif Consigns
Remains of His Friend
to the 3Ioiintain Breeze
Alameda Trustees Investi
gate Handling of Sher
man-Street Conflagration
SCATTERS ASHES
TO FOUR WINDS
PROBE RECENT
FIRE SCANDAL
SECRETARY. OF COMMERCE AND I
LABOR, WHO IS TEMPORARILY
HOME FROM WASHINGTON. J
* %
It is true that there are a great many details
to attend to, and that there has been much
work connected with this department, but de
tails cannot interest the general public. One
of the greatest sources of work la the decision
of the Supreme Court which permits appeals
to be made by Chinese who have been refused
permission to land by local immigration in
spectors, to the secretary of the department.
Thi« has added greatly to the work of the
department head.
I did not come out here to "do nolltlcs,"
as has been said: I came out solely to get a
few affairs- in shape. I may possibly deliver
one political address, but no more. All that
I have to say politically concerns, the Repub
lican nomination in rny old Congressional dis
trict, and there I am glad to see that the party
has made an excellent choice.
1 There are many matters of the great
est interest to the Pacific Coast in gen
eral and to the San Francisco Bay dis
trict in particular that come under Mr.
Metcalf's department. He will be in a
position to advance the commercial in
terests of this section very greatly, and
looking toward this end two important
functions have been planned. One is a
dinner to be v given Mr. Metcalf by the
new Union League Club of Oakland. It
will be participated in by the Board of
Trade and the Merchants' exchange.
This will be in the nature of a welcome
and compliment to Mr. Metcalf by his
own townspeople. A larger dinner is, to
be given in San Francisco, at which
the various commercial bodies will be.
represented to further the commercial
interests of the bay section. ....
Mr. Metcalf has under his control "all
of the immigration work of the United
States, also the lighthouse department.
He advanced some information upon
these points that is of interest to this
section. He said that Immigration
Commissioner Sargent, now in San
Francisco, would present a report upon
the construction of an immigration sta
tion on Angel island, which would in
volve the expenditure of about $200,000.
Mr. Metcalf was averse to discussing
the work of his office, saying:
1 have come back to Oakland solely In order
to arrange my private business so that I can
move my family to Washington, for the pur
pose of carrying on the work of my depart
ment. My trip to Washington was a hurried
one, bo that I might consult with my prede
cessor. Secretary Cortelyou, and secure from
him some of the valuable information he had
acquired In organizing this new department.
Mr. Cortelyou's advice has-been of inestimable
benefit to me in taking up the details of a
department composed of many bureaus. I
will remain In Oakland for a short time, wind
up my private affairs, consult with a number
of those Interested In the advancement of the
Pacific Coast and then return to Washington.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— Victor H. Met
calf, the. latest addition to President
Roosevelt's Cabinet, returned to his
home to-day after having been installed
in his new position in Washington. He
came quietly to his Oakland home,
then went directly to his law office,
where he spent the entire day dealing
with private business and denying him
self to all save a few friends.
The new Secretary looked as if a
Cabinet officer's position were not all
play and as if he had been giving close
attention to the duties of his new office
in a season of trying weather. There
have been messages from Washington
from time to time to the effect that the
California Secretary was kept at his
desk early and late. A loss of weight
gives proof to the story. Mr. Metcalf
refused to discuss politics, and was re
luctant to discuss even the affairs of
his department. He said: '
Eugene A. and Julia E. Trefethen to County
ot Alameda, lot 7, block C. De Wolf Tract
Fruitvale. Brooklyn Township (for pubiTc
street); $300.
B. M. and ilatilda Birdsall to Patrick Fee,
lot on S line, of Webster street 21X1 35 E of
College avenue, being Intersection of E line of
land of Patrick Fee ard S Itne of Webster
street. E 65.3. SE 125,62. NW 141 53 to Oo
ginning. portion plat ",. map Ranchoa V. and
D. Peralta. Berkeiev; $10.
William L.. and Marie A. Sill (Planz> and
Annie E. Dons (Planz) to Henry August Planz
let on E line of Fourth street. 13O S of Hose'
S 25 by E 125. lot 3O. block 34, map Tract B
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation. Berkeley; $10.
Sarah J. and Gecrge J. Phillips to Wil
liam XL Mason, lot 10. block C. Berkeley
Homestead, Berkeley; $10.
Berkeley Development Company to Perry
T. Tompktns and D; Winter, lots 13 tr> l.\
block B, Hopkins Terrace, map No. 2 etc.,
Berkeley: $10.
Same to Perry T. Tompkins. lets 2 and 3.
block C. Hopkins Terrace map No. 2. Berke
ley: $10.
Josephine O'Connor (widow) to William E.
Ledyard. lot on N line of Thirtieth street. 710
E of Grove E 40 by N 140, portion of lot 41,
block 20;>5. Rowland Tract, Oakland: $10.
Emil and Henrietta Koertner to Josephine
O'Connor (widow), tame: $10.
Marcia A. Sharp to E. J Shepardson. lot
en W line of Myrtle street. 311:10 N from
center of Twenty- fourth, thence along said lin«
of Myrtle ttreet — 2.x :2. XV 125. S 2S:2. E 125.
map and survey of Northern Extension, Oak
land: $10. .
George W. Austin (Wngle) to Alice Downinsr
(single), lot on W line of Eleventh street. 27i>
N of Villa. N 40 by XV 100, lot 24 and portion
lot 25, block 3. revised map San Pablo-avenua
Villa Tract, Oakland; $10.
Carrie L. and W. H. Gregory to John E
King, lot on E line cf Tenth avenue. 60 S cf
East Twenty-third street. S r>0 by E 150. block
13S. Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
John E. and Mary J. King (wife) to Id* B.
Winters, same: $10.
Vesta M. Colby (widow) to Harley XV. K:t
tlnger, lot on S line of Joy or Sixty-third
street. 40O E of Canning. E 100 by B 100, lota
11 and 12, block I, map No. 3. Roberts and
Wolfskin Tract. Oakland, deed made to cor
rect error In description tn deed between eam»
parties recorded August 11, 1904, recorded
Ausust 20. 19O*: $10.
Mary A. and William Hurst <husband> to
Richard Fernandez, lot 4. map resubdlvlsion
block 771, Levy Tract, * Brooklyn Township,,
recorded August 20. 100 1; $*_"00.
Leah F. Mott (single) to Hugo Urban, lot
on N line of Pacific avenue. 37:f> K of Benton
street. B 37:6. N 101.31. W 37.605, S lOt.Si;.
lot 3, and portion lot 2, block A, map part
Fitch Tract, Alameda, recorded August SO,
1904; $10.
Mary E. Chase (widow) to Catherine Stevens
(widow), lot on N line of Division street, 8."!:S
W of Wood. W 28:6 by N 1<*5. block 6S8,
Boardman's map. Oakland; $10.
Max W. Koenlg to Charles K. Clark, lot
on S line of Forty-fourth street. 2BR E of West.
K 25 by S ICO. portion lot S. block 2009, Alden
Tract at Temescal. Oakland: $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to John Dorrell, lot 4.
block H. map Santa Fe Tract No. 2, Oakland,
deed and agreement; $10.
Frank J. Taylor (single) to Joseph Klind.
lot on NE corner of Winter and Cameron
streets. N 410 by E 110, portion subdivision
11. map Cameron Tract. East Oakland; $1°.
Perry "R and Xora A. Tompklns to H. R.
Hatfleld. lot on K line of Arch street. 300
N of Spring. N 100 by E 150. lots 25 urA
25 and portion of lot 10. block C. Hopkins
Terrace, map 2 (recorded Aug. 20. 19»>4).
Berkeley; $10.
James Shields to,TTuiro Schmitz. lot on SW
corner of Addison and Catherine streets. W
150 by S 130. lots 1 to u. map of property
of James McGee, Berkeley: $1000.
Juanna. Ysunza (wldow> to Fasqual and
Maria Gloria Ysunza (in Joint tenancy), lit
on B line of .San Pablo avenue. S.'U:S N*
from & line of plot 62, N 40 by E 1.10. portion
of plot <>2. Kellersberger's map of Ranchos
V. and D. Peraltn. Berkeley: $3«O.
Alameda County.
KEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BERKELEY. Aug. 22.— The Occident Maga
zine came upon the campus this mominr in a
complete new dress. Cover design, make-up,
advertisements were all different. Even th«»
editors were new. Since the merger with th«
masazfne the paper has taken on new »lf»
and the editors. A. C. Keane and Leo Bishop,
have revolutionized things. They were assisted
in bringing out this metamorphosis by a new
staff, of which the following are members:
Jackson Gregory, managing editor; Miss Katn
erlne Hershey. literary editor; Car! Gl&scwk,
exchange editor; Joe Koford. news editor : Miss
Isabel McKeynolds, review editor; Heginald
Klttrelle athletic editor; Alfred Skalfe. alumni
editor; Miss Virginia Whltehead. Mlsa Fear!
Pitcher. W H. .Robinson. W. T. Hale John
Fletcher, Gurden Edwards and Dwlght Clark,
associate editors. . ..¦
The principal articles in this Issue of tns
Occident are "A Graduate's Idea of Report
ing." by Stuart G. Masters: song. Miss Isabel
McReynolds; "Men and Rats Have Points o.
Difference." Gurden Edwards: encomium en
the late Marius Spinello and "The Son of Ptt>.
anonymous. There are also the speech of Pres
ident Frank Otis, delivered before the Alumni
Association, and an article on athletics by
Reginald Kittrelle. , - -
Professor Hacker of the Royal Geodetic In
stitute of Germany will leave for Japan to
morrow, after having spent some time tn this
State taking observations at Mount Hamilton
and at Berkeley. He is conducting hla ob
servations under the International Geodetic
Association, which has appropriated 2o.ot<>
marks for his use. The purpose of this work
is to determine the surface gravity at sea. tli«
exact shape ot the earth and the curvature
of ths ovs&ns ari'1 continents.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
SECRETARY METCALF COMES
HOME FOR A BRIEF VISIT
Will Close Up His Private Affairs, Make One
Political Address, Then Return to His Work
in the Bureau of Commerce and Labor
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
GAMBLERS LOSE
THEIR OUTFITS
Judge Smith Orders All of
• 'the Stuff Seized by the
Police to Be Destroyed
cilLXESE DO NOT CLADI
Captain Peteisen Says the
Aggressive Warfare on tfye
Dens Will Be Continued
SUPERINTENDENT OF BERKELEY
SCHOOLS. WHO IS ENFORCING
THE VACCINATION LAW.
SAB "PRINCE"
IS IMPOSTOR
Letter deceived From Scot
land Yard, London, Scouts
Claim of the Hindoo, Sengh
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 22.
As a result of the aggressive method
Inaugurated by the police in a cam
paign to close the Chinese lotteries in
this city, wagon-loads of confiscated
paraphernalia seized in Saturday
night's raid on Chinatown dens was
before Police Judge Smith this morn
ing under search warrant proceedings.
Not a claimant from the gambling
fciiupcs was on hand to demand return
of the badly mutilated benches, Btools,
brushes, pots and tickets that had been
<arted away froin the resorts along
Webster street. Testimony was given
by the police concerning the raids.
Judge Smith directed that all of the
Ftjlzed stuff should be destroyed. Among
the lot that was confiscated were 70,000
blank lottery tickets. These were
to-day, and the remainder of
ihe outfits was cast upon the prison
woodpile.
The Chinese lottery game had become
s"4>o!d In i:s operations in Oakland that
the gamblers were conducting their
l\\jc<?-a-day drawings in this city.
Many of the gamblers had cast loose
from the central resorts in San Fran
cisco and were running their games
here on their own account. This has
l.<*n under police knowledge for some
time. Ordinary methods had failed to
break up the games. Heretofore the
custom a^.d practice of the police have
been to make occasional raids on the
lottery games after detailing policemen
or other persons to collect evidence.
These raids have been spasmodic and
productive of no result other than the
collection of fines. They have accom
plished nothing in the direction of
checking the gamblers.
The police have determined that
there can be no permanent benefit
pained to the community by these per
functory raids. They have adopted the
rlan of smashing movements. Dens will
be wrecked as fast as they are located.
No favoritism is to b>e shown during
the warfare. Whether the gamblers lo
cate inside or outside of Chinatown,
they will be driven out by forcible ac
tion. Police posses armed with sledges
and axes will be detailed at intervals
to carry out the campaign. And every
precaution will be taken to prevent
leaks in the department, which in the
past have not unfrequently blocked po
lice attacks on gamblers, white as well
es Chinese. The records of the police
department show that not for many
months has anything approaching such
activity as has b»=-en manifest in hand
ling the pamblers.
STUDENT'S DEATH DUE
TO HIS OVEREXERTIOX
BERKELEY, Aug. 22.— In the face of
the firm stand of the Board of Educa
tion in behalf of the State law the op
position to compulsory vaccination for
school children simmered away to al
most nothing to-day. Where a week
ago there were nearly 900 unvaccinated
pupils in the schools there were less
than 250 this morning and by to-mor
row the school authorities think that
there will be less than fifty pupils not
conforming to the law. What remains
of the opposition is composed of par
ents who have been bitterly opposed
to. vaccination from the standpoint of
health and from compulsory vaccina
tion from principle, the people who
were the leaders in the several mass
meetings called to protest against the
application of the law and the law
itself.
The decision of the School Board to
enforce the order of the State Board of
Health in regard to vaccination called
for summary action to-day, for on this
day the term of grace within which to
comply with the law expired. - Teach
ers were not permitted to accept as
pupils children not having vaccination
certificates. There was no attempt on
the part of parents to -insist upon the
acceptance of their children in the
schools and there was not a suggestion
of disturbance. At the close of school
hours 249 children had been excluded,
distributed among the following
schools:
High School 48, Commercial 2, Mc-
Kinley 25, Lincoln 24, Le Conte 33,
Longfellow 21. Whittier 24, Allston 2,
Hillside 22, Rose 10, San Pablo 15,
Columbus 8, Seventh 8, Grayson 4, and
Page 1.
These 249 pupils are not to be classed
as unvaccinated, however. In fact, a
larger number of those excluded are
vaccinated than not. A large number
were denied admittance because they
forgot to bring their vaccination certi
ficates and many were excluded for
various other reasons.
"I think that by to-morrow, f? said
S. D. Waterman, Superintendent of
Schools, this afternoon, "there will be
less than fifty children remaining out
of the schools on account of the vaccin
ation order. So many children were
turned away to-day because they did
not present their certificates showing
vaccination. Some "parents sent their
unvaccinated children to the schools
Just to see what we would do, but now
that they see that we mean business
they will probably submit to the law."
OAKLAND, Aug. 22. — The executive
committee of the Anti -Vaccination
League to-night decided to employ J.
R. Jones to bring mandamus proceed
ings against the Oakland Board of Ed
ucation to compel them to admit chil
dren withoht vaccination to the Oak
land schools. There will be a confer
ence with the Berkeley society Thurs
day, and it will be consulted about this
move.
Oakland Office S£li Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 22.
The Hindoo in the County Jail here,
serving a six months' sentence under
the name of Julian Sternberg for petty
larceny, \-ho says he is a son of the
late Maharajah of Lahore, is a fraud
according to a letter received from the
Scotland Yard police station, London,
by Sheriff John N. Bishop to-day.
A letter of Inquiry /as sent to Eng
land last July by the Sheriff request
ing information as to the parentage of
the man claiming to be Prince Ramlna
Aramancha Sengh, and the following
letter has been received:
CRIMINAL, INVESTIGATION DEPART
MENT. NEW SCOTLAND YARD, LINCOLN,
S. \Y\, Aug. 6, ISO*.— To Sheriff John N.
Bishop. County of Alameda. Oakland, Cal.,
U. 8. A. — Sir: I have to acknowledge the re
ceipt of your letter of the 10th ultimo inclos
ing the photograph of Julian Sternberg who
claims to be Ramlna Aramancha Sengh, and
to acquaint you that the only legitimate sons
of the late Maharajah Duleep Sengh' are
Prince Victor and Prince Frederick.
The photograph of Julian Sternberg is cer
tainly not that of either of the aforenamed
princes and nothing Is known of any Illegiti
mate sons of the late Maharajah.
Every possible 'Inquiry has been made to
ascertain the antecedents of Sternberg, who
Is no doubt an Impostor, but up to the present
time nothing- has been traced. The photograph
you forwarded is herewith returned. I am,
sir, your obedient servant,
M. T. MACRAGHTER.
The letter did not seem to disturb
Sengh. He says his origin and birth
have nothing to do with the trouble
he is in and that he was satisfied in his
own mind and cared little what any
one else thought. He said the late
Maharajah recognised him and kept
him with him in Paris for several
years.' Sengh stole $65 from a ' fore
man of "Chris" Buckley at his coun
try home at Ravenswood, near Liver
more.
MRS. PHOEBE A. HEARST
PROTESTS AGAIXST SALOON
STUJIBLES OX MAX HE
CLAIMS IS A ROBBER
Autopsy on <Js<-ar Smith's Body Shows
That Running for Train Caused
Heart Failure.
'OAKLAND. Aug. 22.— An autopsy on
the body of O?car Smith, who died on
a* Santa Fe train • leaving Richmond
last night, developed the fact that
death was due to heart failure, caused
by overexertion in running to- catch a
train. ''„• ¦¦'¦¦
Smith was a student at the Univer
sity of California, having entered the
freshman claps of this year.
' He had been spending the day at
Point Richmond. He was dead when
Conductor H. C. Sullivan passed
through the tr,ain to collect tickets.
Hullivan thought the young man was
KFleep, but on shaking him discovered
no sign of life. The body was taken
to Oakland and delivered to the Cor
oner. An inquest was held this morn
ing.
.The young man was a son of Seth
Fmith, County Surveyor of Tulare
County, resident at Visalia. He was
a brother of Le Hoy Smith, the famous
university yell leader. Since going to
Befkeley Smith had made his home
•uilh A- P. Merritt at 2131 Kittredge
etreeL , '
Z. J. Witten, an undertaker from Vi
calia, was literally kicked out of the
Coroner's office to-night by Coroner H.
B. Mehrmann and then arrested on the
Coroner's complaint and charged with
disturbing the peace. Witten was re
leased on 525 bail. The undertaker went
to the Morgue to claim property be-
Jonging to young Smith, which the Cor
oner had turned over to a cousin of
the dead student. Witten became so
obstreperous, according to the Coron
er, that violent metlfods were pursued
in ejecting him.
Objects to Groggery Near Her Coun
try Home and Claims License
Is Fraudulent.
OAKLAND. Aug. 22.— Mrs. Phoebe A.
Hearst, through her agent, W. J. Da
kln. presented a protest against the
saloon of J. H. Edison and James Friel
ontheSunolroad near the Hearst, villa
near Pleasanton to the Board of Su
pervisors this morning. All the par
ties interested in the matter have been
cited to appear before the board next
Monday morning, when the hearing of
the protest will be taken up.
The saloon in question Is located near
the beautiful country home of Mrs.
Hearst and it is claimed the license
was obtained by fraud.
The charge is made that L. P. Ellis,
E. H. Frick, George C. Turner, A*
Edlen and John Green, /five of the six
signers to the petition, are not qual
ified, as they are not the nearest resi
dents nor the heads of families, accord
ing to the requirements.
Woman Accidentally Shot.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— Mrs. .M. J. Es
terline of Fruitvale received a serious
flesh wound in the right leg this morn
ing, through the accidental discharge
of a revolver., The injured woman and
a friend, Mrs. J. Moser, were examin
ing the weapon,, not knowing that it
was loaded. Mrs. Esterline will be
confined to her bed for several days.
WANTS BACK ALIMONY. — Oakland Aur
22.— Suit for $1600 back alimony was 'begun
to-day by Mattle A. Barry against Edgar
8. Barry, from whom she was divorced Just five
years aco to-day tn Los Angeles County Ac
cordinr to the , complaint filed by Attorney
Runs lAtkens, he .agreed to pay .her $25 a
month in consideration of the fact that she
should care for their three children. . Thts.-she
states, she has done, but that h« has refused
to pay her any money whatever. ... ,.
Harry McKay, After Two Experiences
With Thieves in San Francisco,
Causes an Arrest.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22. — Harry Mc-
Kay, residing at 960 Peralta street,
who claims he was robbed twice yes
terday in San Francisco, losing $10 in
a water front saloon and $160 in a
Fourth-street lodging-house, over
hauled one of the men he charges with
the crime late last night in Oakland.
McKay spied .Thomas Scott at Fifth
street and Broadway and told Patrol
man W. I. 'Hodgklns that Scott had
stolen the $10 from him. The police
man made after Scott, who ran, but
was captured at Seventh and Webster
streets. He was detained at the City
Prison.
Scott is known* as Thomas iTurphy.
It is charged he was one of two men
whom McKay invited to drink with
him and requited the hospitality by
grabbing the money after one of the
pair had pinioned arms. After
that experience the wayfarer from
Oakland was looking for sympathy.
One Harry Fox gave him lots of it
and suggested he would be in good
company by going to a Fourth-street
lodging-house with his new found
friend. Fox, it is claimed, stole the
$160 and disappeared. Scott will be
sent to San Francisco for trial.- •¦
¦WILL. GO EAST FOR
SC1IOOLHOUSE IDEAS
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— The Board -of
Education to-night gave Superinten
dent of Schools McClymonds authority
to go East for a month on a visit to
the large cities to gather information
about the latest Improvements In
Fchool-buildlns construction. This is
vfth the fact in mind that 1 the board
contemplates spending about $1,000,000
tfn new buildings and desires the best
available knowledge on the subject.
The action was taken on motion of
Director John D. Isaacs.
The purchase of two lots, with a
total frontage of 100 feet, adjoining the
Lafayette School, west on Seventeenth
street, was ordered at a cost of $10,500,
from H. Nash and M. A. Storrs.
Teachers were granted leaves of ab
sence as follows: Effle E. Young, for
t^iree months; Miss Lutie A. Ruch, one
month; Emily A. Swain, three months;
Miss M. R. McCIusa^ one month; Miss
M. D. Baker, Bix months.
• The North Adeline Improvement
Ciyb'g protest against the purchase of
a echoblhouse site in the Porter tract,
adjoining Bushrod Park, was: heard
and filed. The board explained that a
contract ef purchase had been signed
and the protest was too late.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.—The following
marrlagre licenses tvere Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Jacob Thorsen,
39, and Hannah Dahl. 42, both of Oak
land; Antone J. v Bettencourt, 34, and
Maggie B.. Frates, 17, both of San
Leandro; Joseph A. Olivtr, 21, and
Alyrtle E. Amner, 18^ both of Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1904.
Opening of Berkeley Public Schools Shows That
Pupils and Parents as a General Rule Have No
Fear of the Results From the Use of Virus
ANTUVACCINATION LEAGUE
'FAILS TO IMPRESS CHILDREN
6
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
• I01G Broadway.
Telephone 3Ialn 1083.
, BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
, AliAMEDA.
I4S5 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 539.
ADVEKTISE31EXTS.
MODERN METHODS
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of ¦
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on a plane much above
the average. Nothing is done on chance
Each operation is successful because
carefully considered and skillfully car-
¦ TEETH
Mado by us will last for many years.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
3 TATTWm ST.. SAW TSAJTCXSCO.
973 Washington st, OakUnd.
8aa Jom. - . . Bacraaeata.Fall hats, 1904, Just arrived, nobbier
than ever." Tom Dillon' & Co., opp.Palace,*
DOKS NOTTKNOW WHO CUT HIM.— R. D.
Tates, a canvasser, was brought to the Central
Emergency Hospital < yesterday * afternoon by
Policeman Naylor. who found him on Howard
and Eighth ; streets Buffering " from wounds • on
the head and back evidently inflicted by a
knife. Yates was drinking with a companion,
buf fails . to -. remember, how he received the
wounds. He lives at 1413 Harrison' street.
TONOPAH, Aug. 22. — J. H. Dam
bacher, a recent arrival from Sonora,
Cal., was stricken with heart failure
to-day at the Halifax mine at Tonopah
and fell from a bucket above the
surface into i the shaft,, a distance of
200 feet. . Two companions in the
bucket "with 'him -were unable to' save
him. ; His body is now in the sump In
fifty-feet of water.
Falls to Death In Mine.
An illustrated lecture, .admission com
plimentary to ladies and gentlemen, will
be given by Mr. Fred W. Prince, City
Ticket -Agent of the Santa Fe Railway"
at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, Tuesday
evening, August 23, at 8 o'clock.
The audience will be taken to the
World's Fair and return, in pictures
over the route to be taken by the Y. M*
C. A. World's ¦ Fair excursion, which
leaves San Francisco on September 8.
Particulars at Santa Fe office or at the
Association building. «
The Most Wonderful Scenery in the
.World.
TWO HUNDRED VIEWS.
RENO. Nev., Aug. 22.— Mrs. Mary
Carroll, aged 75 years, an old and re
spected resident of Reno, was killed
on the trades , of the Virginia and
Truckee Railroad here to-day. While
Mrs. Carroll was crossing the track
she ; was struck by the rear of the
train. Her right s thigh was fearfully
crushed : and she sustained other in
juries, from which she died an hour
later. - ¦ /
Train Kills. Aged Woman.
Oklahoma City Man Highest Bidder
for Temporary Certificates of
Indebtedness. >
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— Bids were
opened to-day in tlje office of Colonel
Edwards, chief of the Bureau of In
sular affairs, for three million dollars
in temporary Philippine certificates of
Indebtedness. The entire lot was sold
to M. L. Turner of Oklahoma City at
$101,410.
INVESTS MILLIONS IN
PHILIPPINE SECURITIES
.GALVESTON. Tex., Aug. 22.— The comple
tion of the GaJveBton seawall was celebrated
to-day fcy running excursions frpm different
parts of the State to Galveston. Governor
Lar, hum was present and made' & eulo
• fistic address, commenting oa the work which
has been «cccir;.lithed here.
PASADENA. Aug. 22.— An un
known young man, well dressed, of
refined appearance and about 25 years
of age, committed suicide this after
noon by shooting himself through the
temple with a revolver in Central
Fark on almost the identical spot
where David Brown took poison and
died yesterday. This makes three sui
cides in Pasadena in two days.
Young Man Kills Himself.
The Supreme Court met yesterday
to pass on the writ of habeas corpus,
in the case of Leonard H. H. Tre
mayne. Tremayne was sued .by his
wife for divorce on the grounds of
abuse and cruelty and obtained an in
terlocutory decree in # the Superior
Court of Santa Cruz County. Before
obtaining- the final decree Mrs. Tre
mayne died. She left a will bequeath
ing, their- infant son, Leonard E. H.
Tremayne, . to the care of her father,
Alexander H. Underwood.
Tremayne applied to the Superior
Court for the custody of the child and
the hearing was set for August 26. On
becoming aware of this the Supreme
Court continued the habeas corpus
writ till September^ 12, at which time,
if the lower court awards the child to
any but the father, Tremayne may ap
peal Jto the Supreme Court.
Upon motion of T. W. HubbaTd, the
presenting of a certificate from the
Supreme Court of New York and the
evidence of good moral character, It
was ordered' that Samuel Barnes Smith
be admitted to practice as attorney
and- counselor at ¦ law in all courts of
this-State.\
Father Suing for Child Will Have
to Await llnling of the" Santa
Crnz Bench. ;^
COURT DEFERS DECISION
ON TRESIAYNE'S PLEA
•LONDON, Aug. 22.— The French
fKlp David d'Angers, Captain L. E.
Carr, from Hamburg and Cherbourg,
"fround to Seattle, was spoken in lati
tude 30 south, longitude 48 west, with
her cargo afire. She required no
aF?iftance and wished to be reported
all well.
Careo on Fire, but All Well.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— President
Castro has not favorably received Min
ister Bowen's request for restoration
of the property of the New York .and
Bermudese Asphalt Company in Vene
zuela, pending legal proceedings. The
Minister cabled the State Department
to-day from Caracas that President
Castro thought the United States Gov
ernment should await the conclusion
of the legal proceedings, allowing: the
asphalt . lakes and property to remain
meanwhile in the hands of Receiver
Carner.
'Nothing .further has been done about
the matter, but it Is expected that the
State Department will take some ac
tion to secure, the asphalt company
against loss until the Venezuelan court
announces Its decision next month.
President Castro Does Not Look With
Favor Upon Request for Restora
tion of Asphalt Property.
WOULD HOLD LANDS UNTIL
COURTS GIVE A DECISION
FRESNO, Aug. 22. — Charles Stock
house to-day attempted suicide in his
cell at the County Jail. The Peniel
Mission was holding services and the
pleadings of the members were too
much for the despondent man. Re
morse overcame him and while they
sang a hymn he went to the bathroom
and slashed his throat, completely
severing his windpipe. The jailer was
notified and medical aid summoned.
Efficient service saved the life of the
man.
Stockhouse comes of a good family
in Kentucky. \
PRISONER TRIES TO KILL
HIMSELF IN FRESNO JAIL
WICHITA FALLS, Tex., Aug. 22.—
Dr. L. J. Jones, a physician and stock
, who is one of the oldest citizens
*<J" Benjamin, a town sixty miles south
east of here, attacked his wife with
a knife while she slept and stabb>d her
to death. He then proceeded to the
•residence of County Attorney Brook
eon and attacked the latter with the
tame knife. Brookson threw the doc
tor down and broke his hip and had
him placed under arrest. Mrs. Jones
¦was euing fcr divorce and Brookaon
• was her attorney.
Then Attacks Woman's Attorney, Who
Throng Assailant. Breaks His
Hilt and Has Him Arrested.
TEXAS DOCTOR STABS
HIS WIFE TO DEATH
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— Coming di
rect from the yards of her builders at
New London, Conn., the steamship
Minnesota, the largest American built
vessel afloat and in point of tonnage
ranking fourth largest vessel in the
world, has arrived off this port. The
Minnesota will ply between Tacoma
and Seattle and the Far East. While
the Minnesota is to be classed as a
passenger ship, she is intended to car
ry freight. She has a speed of fifteen
knots, is 630 feet long, 73% feet broad
and has a net. tonnage of 13,323.
Const: nnil the. Orient.
Is largest American Built Vessel
Afloat and Will Ply Between Tills
GIANT LINER MINNESOTA
ARRIVES AT NEW YORK
TACOMA, Aug. 22. — A sensational
fight occurred in the Hub saloon at
Bellingham last night. Frank Her
man was sitting in the rear of the bar,
playing cards, when his wife entered,
and, without warning, began throwing
siovewood at his head. She knocked a
pipe from his mouth, scattering the
chips and cards over the room and
broke up the game. Reviling him at
the top of her voice, she then grabbed
a chair and brought it down on his
head and shoulders several times in
rapid succession, j He escaped in the
general row that then took place.
Mrs. Herman is an Amazon in build,
weighing about 240 pounds. Her hus
band is comparatively small.
Assaults Him in Saloon and Breaks
Up Card Game Which Kept
Him There.
WOMAN THROWS STOVEWOOI)
AT RECREANT HUSBAND
c Jl«»ys Pile Lojp» and Rocks on Chicago
:jnd Northwestern Railway and Dis
aster I<* Narrowly Averted.
APPLETOX. Wis.. Aug. 22. — Earl
'Waffle. 11 years old, and Arthur Hen
<!nicks. 1 3 years old, were arrested Sat
urday on suspicion of attempting to
wreck a fast passenger train on the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway
near Greenville. To-day young Waffle
confessed to Sheriff Mitchell that they
had tried to wreck the train "to see
the fun." Logs and stone's were placed
«m the track in a deep cut on a curve.
The obstruction was found and re
moved just thirty minutes before the
'••irrival of the passenger train. The
boys were held for trial.
WOULD WRECK PASSENGER
THAIX "TO SEE THE Il*N"
rangements made by Colonel Patten,
the State troops will be all on their
way home.
At dusk to-night a gentle rain began
to fall. It laid the dust, cooled the at
mosphere and was a general godsend
to all In the encampment.
Problem No. 8, "The passage of a- de
file," which was scheduled to . take
place to-morrow, has bern postponed
until Wednesday, and problem No. 9,
originally arranged' for' .; Wednesday,
will be omitted - from ¦ the : programme.
This will bring: the maneuvers to an
end, as on Thursday * afternoon « atten
tion will? be- devoted^to : breaking camp
and making preparations for departure
to the home' posts \ of the different \ or
ganizations of militia stationed here.
Friday morning the exodus will b^egin
and by t nightfall, according* to -the ' ajr-
The blues and the browns were again
the combatants. The blue army, based
on Port Harford, was acting on the
defensive against the brown army,
based on Salinas. A blue force had
been ordered to defend Atascadero sta
tion, -which place had been intrenched
against a brown force coming from the
direction of Asuncion. The plan of the
browns, under command of Colonel W.
L. Pitcher, was to divide his forces into
two j»arts, force number one to take a
circuitous route by the Henry ranch,
and force number two to march under
cover of the hills about 300 yards from
Atascadero Creek.
Here Major Van Vliet and his bat
talion was detached and sent as a fly
ing column toward Atascadero station
to make an attack on the blues' strong
hold at Pine Mountain. The remaining
two battalions at this point made a
dash for Atascadero Creek and from
there made two assaults upon the in
trenched blues. ,
At 11:20 a. m. a consultation of the
umpires took place. Major S. E. Allen
and Captain B. II. Wells of the blues
and Captain T. M. Helms and Captain
Manus McCloskey of the browns, and
they rendered a decision for the blues,
the browns being declared driven back
to the creek bed, with a loss of one
third of their force.
To-morrow afternoon all the troops
here will participate in regimental, bat
talion and squadron parades, beginning
at 3 o'clock-
On Thursday morning at 8 o'clock
Governor^Pardee will hold a full drees
review of all .troops now encamped
here. The review will take place on the
big grounds at the south end of the
camp.
General MacArthur and staff and Ad
jutant General J. B. Lauck and staff
will Join the Governor in the impres
sive ceremonies.
General MacArthur leaves at 6 o'clock
to-morrow morning for a tour to the
seaports immediately adjacent to San
Luis Obispo and this camp. He will be
accompanied by Colonel P. Jocelyn,
Major C. E. Gillette, Major G. O.
Squler, Major Parker W. West and
Captain F. L. Winn. For the trip they
will use the Signal Corps automobile
and its convoy. They will first run to
San Luis Obispo, thence to Port Har
ford, then back to - San .Luis Obispo,
thence to Moro, thence to Cayucos and
then back to Moro, where they will find
saddle horses awaiting to bring. them
back to this camp. ¦ • * - .
The idea of the trip is to ascertain
the extent of the utility of these ports
as harbors to be used . as an ; accessory
to the, lands in this section of the coun
try should the Government decide to
acquire lands here for future big battle
maneuvers. 1 .<¦' :.*¦";•: •'•
CAMP ATASCADERO, Aug. 22.—An
other military problem has to-day been
successfully evolved with benefit to all
the forces centered here.
II Y F. M. GILtMOKE.
Staff Ccrrff-pondent of The Call.
A special meeting of the Board ol
Supervisors was called yesterday for
Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock to
consider two monster petitions signed
by more than 12,000 electors in each
case for the submission of charter
amendments affecting municipal em
ployes. The number of signatures to
each petition is largely in excess of the
15 per cent of the voters required »by
the charter.
One of the proposed amendments pro
vides for a half holiday on every Sat
urdaj* for all employes of the city gov
ernment and for fourteen days' vaca
tion in each calendar year with pay.
The amendments further provide that
in case the duties of a municipal em
ploye are such that he has to work all
day Saturday .then he is to be given a
half holiday on some other day in the
week.
The other amendment provides for an
increase in the salary of engineers of
the Fire Department to $16S0 yearly.
Th Board of Supervisors has already
decided to submit an amendment in
creasing the salaries of certain mem
bers of the Fire Department, including
that of engineers, to $1470 yearly. The
engineers went ahead on their own
account and under the charter their^
amendment will also be submitted to
the voters.
Supervisor Eggers presided at the
board's meeting, which adjourned until
to-morrow, without transacting any
business. Only five Supervisors— Booth,
Connor, Eggers, Finn and Hocks —
were present.
STEALS A MARCH ON
THE SHERIFF'S DEPUTY
The Sheriff's deputies who attempted
yesterday morning to serve an attach
ment on the jewels, coin and stock cer
tificates of Miss Lena S. Walton,
known as the Hetty Green of Nome,
were outwitted, and Miss Walton is
now on her way East. She says she
was warned by mental telepathy that
the attaches of the Sheriff's office, at
the instance of Max Gutter, a mining
man, intended to make service of a
writ of attachment for $6000. Acting
on the mental warning she arose early,
shipped her belongings beyond the
reach of San Francisco's Sheriff and
awaited developments.
Miss Walton was not disappointed.
While she was at breakfast in the Lick
House a deputy sheriff arrived with
the expected writ of attachment, but
found to his chagrin that there wa3
nothing left to attach.
. Her preliminary hearing on a charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses
is set for November 15. Gutter charges
that she sold him interests in claims
which she did not own. ' She says she
will be back to answer the charge and
also promises to make it warm for her
accuser.
The St. Louis Exposition.
If you are going to the Exposition, or
anyv-here else, you want a trunk* or a
dress suit case; no assortment so great
and no prices so low for good traveling
outfits as our Leather Goods Depart
ment. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
VIEWS OF ARTILLERY AND INFANTRY AND HOSPITAL CORPS TAKEN AT
THE MANEUVERING CAMP OF THE STATE MILITIA AND THE REGULAR
ARMY gOLDIERS AT ATASCADERO. NEAR PASO ROI3LES
President Rohcovieri of the Board of
Education declared yesterday that one
section of the proposed charter amend
ment now being prepared to make the
School Department independent of the
Board of Supervisors in the fixing of
its budget expenditures will /provide
that the last named body shall have
power to make cuts in the appropria
tions by specific items only and must
give good reasons for so doing. This
is designed to correct the existing cus
tcm of the Supervisors to reduce the
appropriations requested by the Board
of Education by a lump sum.
What prompted Roncovi^ri to insert
this proviso in the amendment was the
fact that last May the Board of Edu
cation made a request for money to in
stall fire escapes in the schoolhouses
in compliance with the law, which
makes such installation mandatory.
The Supervisors did not cut out this
item, but, by reducing the total
amount asked for, so crippled the de
partment that no fire escapes can be
purchased, as the law requires.
Another proviso of the proposed
amendments is the limitation of the
annual amount to be expended for
schools. It was at first proposed to
limit the tax rate for the purpose,
but the same end will be accomplished
by some other, method noC yet made
public. Roncovieri says the amend
ments have been submitted to compe
tent attorneys, all of whom are agreed
on their legality. They will be finally
submitted to Garret McEnerney for
his opinion.
Roncovieri is very much purturbed
over a remark attributed to Super
visor Braunhart that the Board of Su
pervisors will not allow the money aci
quired under the bonds for new school
houses to be used during the Schmitz
administration. About $1,000,000 will
be available in about six months and
Roncovieri claims that the Supervisors
have no right to delay its use merely
for political effect.
Roncovieri yesterday received the
plans of new schoolhouses erected in
New York prepared by Architect C. B.
Snyder. The most important fs the
Morris High School building, which
cost $600,000 and Is a model school
building in every respect.
Charter Amendment to Com
pel Supervisors to Cut
School Budget by Items
Want Charter Amended to
Give Them a Half-Holiday
Every Saturday in Year
NEW YORK, Aug. 22. — Judge La
combe in the United States Circuit
Court signed an order to-day which
!>uts an end to the litigation against
the United States Shipbuilding Com
pany and Charles M. Schwab. The or
der dismissing the casa was reached
through an agreement with counsel,
the firm of Hornblower, Byrne, Miller
A^Potter signing the stipulation as so
li" itors for the New York Security and
'J*rust Company, the complainant in
the action; Gugrgenheimer, Untermyer
&° Marshal, as solicitors for the United
Suites. Shipbuilding Company, defend
-Uit. and its receiver, former Senator
James Smith Jr., of New Jersey; and
th«r firm of Guthrie, Cravath & Hen
derson, as solicitors for the defendant,
Chajrles M. .^chv.ab.
Ca-»e Against Schwab and the Com
bination Is Dismissed in United
States Circuit Court.
SHIPBUILDING TKUST
LITIGATION AT AN END
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— It has just
developed that Albert T. Patrick, the
lawyer who is in Sing Sing Prison un
der sentence of death in the William
Marsh Rice case, but who now has an
appeal pending, recently aided a fellow
prisoner in securing a temporary stay
which has served to prolong his life.
Patrick took up the affairs of Michael
Brusch, convicted of having killed Po
liceman Enright, who, it was claimed,
caught Brusch in the act of committing
a burglary in Harlem last, March.
Brusch's lawyers refused to appeal
from the verdict of murder and their
client was sentenced to die in the elec
tric chair. The prisoner soon began to
explain his affairs to the other pris
oners and Patrick finally took them in
hand. He dictated a notice of appeal
which Brusch mailed to the District
Attorney's office as well as to the
court. This acted as a stay against
the execution of sentence, but the ap
peal shortly comes up for argument
and whether Patrick will be permitted
to appear as counsel is doubtful.
Albeit T. Patrick. Under Sentence of
Death. Is Legal Adviser for An
other Convicted Murderer.
AIDS FELLOW PRISONER
TO PROLONG HIS LIFE
CITY EMPLOYES
FILE PETITIONS
MUST EXPLAIN
ITS REDUCTION
VIOLA ROBINSON, GEORGE K.
WENTON, LORIN.F. HOCKANSON.
St. Paul.
RICHARD, HILGEDICK, Minneap
olis.
ALBERT OHDE, ANNA HAYDE,
HEDGER CHILD, St. Louis Park.
GUSTAV MOYS, MRS. GUSTAV
MOYS, FRANK MOYS, HUBERT LE
MAR. Waconia.
FRED GROSS, MRS. GROSS, Hutch
inson. •
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN, Dallas.
Fatally Injured: Charles Moys, Wa
conia; Fred Pichoa, Waconia.
The property loss is $2,555,000, divided
as follows: St. Paul^, $1,780,000: Minne r
apolis, $500,000; Stillwater, $100,000; Wa
conia, $75,000; country districts, $100,000.
In addition to the fatally injured
nearly 200 persons sustained injuries
of minor character. The city govern
ment to-day had a force of 300 at
work clearing the streets of the vast
amount of debris with which they had
been strewn; gangs of linemen were
at work repairing damage to electric
wires and the wholesale houses had
their employes removing damaged
goods and making temporary repairs
to their warehouses.
The municipality, through the de
struction of bridges, school buildings,
parks and other property, suffered the
greatest loss, its damage closely ap
proximating a million dollars. The
other losses involve nearly one hun
dred business firms and individuals.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 22.—Follow
ing is a list of persons killed by the
tornado of Saturday night:
FORT RILEY, Kan., Aug. 22.— The
first day's firing in the team of the
national match was completed at 5:20
to-day, with the army infantry team in
the lead. The day was ideal in every
respect. The heavy shower of thf»
preceding day cleared the atmosphere
and a low wind made it remarkably
cool. Firing commenced at 7:45, with
New York credited with firing first.
To-day's programme, firing at four
ranges, was the longest of the match,
eo shooting was only discontinued at
noon long enough for all to be served
with a light lunch, which was served
at the firing points. Major General
John C." Bates, commanding the North
ern Division, who arrived this after
noon, went directly to the range and
lemained until all the firing was com
pleted. He visited every team and in
spected their scores.
The shooting to-day was at 200 and
€00 yards, slow fire, and 200 and 500
yards, rapid fire. The following is the
standing of the teams representing the
different States, with their scores out
of a possible 2400:
Army infantry team 19S7. District of
Columbia 1951. New York 1946, Marine
Corps 1?24, Navy 1901, New Jersey
1895. Army Cavalry team 1SS0. Pennsyl
vania 1879, Massachusetts 1S6S. Rhode
Island 1S46, Washington 1775, Connecti
cut 1773. Georgia 1767, Iowa 1767, Mary
land 1756, Florida 1722, Michigan 1674,
Kansas 1516, Alabama 1175.
To-morrow's firing will be at S00 and
1000 yards, slow fire.
St. Paul Authorities Put a
Large Force of Men at Work
Clearing Away the Debris
National Hatch at FortEiley
Opens in Ideal Weather.
General Bates Attends
Uncle Sam's Foot Soldiers
Prove Best Marksmen on
first Day of Big Shoot
N'AVY IX FIFTH PLACE
LOSS IS ABOUT $2,555,000
In Killed, Maimed and Prop
erty Destroyed Cost of Big
Tornado Is Very Heavy
Colonel Pitcher's Command Successfully Main
tains Stand in Maneuvers at Camp Atascadero
Despite .Skillful^ Attack of Opposing Forces
ARMY INFANTRY
IN THE LEAD
STORM VICTIMS
ARE NUMEROUS
BROWNS TRY TO TAKE BLUES'
POSITION AND ARE DEFEATED
, - ¦ ¦ . - • - • ¦•¦ • ¦ -¦ - -
• % THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1904.
7
ADTERTISE3IEXTS.
Otters
Take a dose of the Bitters before
. meals and you'll enjoy them. It re-
stores the appetite and gives power
to properly digest the food. Then it
also cures Sick Headache, Torpid
Liver, Indigestion, Constipation, Dys-
pepsia, Insomnia and Malaria.
Tiy a bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FATAL ERROR.
A man steps into your office, draws up
his chair, and talks right Into your face.
His breath is offensive. Your only thought is
how to get rid of him and his business. You
cut him short with, " i am not interested."
SOZODONT
Is essential to one whose breath is not pure
and sweet. Penetrating the little crevices,
it deodorizes, sweetens and purifies them,
and makes you feel genteel and clean-cut
3 FORMS: LIQUID. POWDER PASTE.
I PRAGERS I PRAGERS
- . s
New Waistings '". :_^-^ -.. . ¦ , : Pillow Tops I
•|rv_a Yard — We |W 7 OC Th i* w the hand- I]
back waistings, showing ||] [§H ffl jO^M \% H Ms H lithographed pillow tops jj
the very newest ideas in J^m^ra liL &L Hi IC*3 r\ T\ / lH * ver s '} own - There are |'«
look exactly like all wool (B '<:t'*v >*Sfr ~ ?£'Qz ' na l designs, and at the 1]
ajid are perfect copies of *i t»/AVci>ri t a r»t v present there is a splen- I
the real French flannel. pi AL'VAia KfcLlAifLli did opportunity to make |1
This great offer may be H 4000 <OKATtf ADUITT CT AT your selection from a ||
had at ioc a yard. j ~ L£OO~ L£ \>U JYlAKUdC. 1 3 1. J(*w, complete line. I
-Reliable- Taffeta TVi'lW Handkerchiefs |
HO a Yard— Praeers "Re- ¦ O^iJllv ¦ I
irll? liable" Taffeta Silk, in m <+* mr *m j •*- A *».>t r\*e j ¦
i - FUV all the new street and FmeSt Specials Offered
evening shades. It is an un- •••• • • * »j
usually fine value and h'as the yy |f"f| GVGI*V TiUI*" i «)1 Each — A pure linen H
same appearance and finish as ?.»•¦¦»¦* » Jr Jr.*** I J - /» handkerchief. with I]
the 75c quality. It is made ex- -JL^^** *\f 1 f\C\ #¦%*% hemstitched border. D
pressly for us and therefore we CA&S6 OI $ 1 «VlvJ Oi This is an extra fine value at I!
arc able to sell it at an ex- _ m our reduced sale price. I]
tremely low figure. OVP1* tllPrP Will I)
Eolionno DrP^ Cond* " VW lUCI C WIU P« a Dozen-Sheer Lawn N
HOlienne iJreaS POOPS - . «*C^— -^tUww*— 7SC Handkerchiefs, for chil- H
ft f\ a Yard— The popularity D6 OOmCllllUg tj^W drcn: These, also, have fj
w II f* of this fabric for swell __ ¦'i.'';^ t - ' _ hemstitched borders, with col- li
' w w suits is well estab- iJOlllff tO 111 6 orcd stripes around them. It is |l
lished. Thousands of the best *^V*«*^ **** l»**^ an exceptionally good offer. !'
dressers will have nothing else. '^.-^ Avfn i #%<f 1 f\f\ H
Th\s particular offering of OliVOtlllL Ol V 1 •\J\J nA a Dozen— Lawn Hand- j*
Eolienne is 4.1 inches wide and S II f* kerchiefs, trimmed with IJ
comes in all the prettiest shades ITD IT IT ***+'+* Normandy Valencien- w\
of gray, brown, tan. delph, navy. ••" tvX>J&«* nes Lace in corners. This is a K
blac£ and cream. Reg. $1.25 yd. i regular 75c dozen handkerchief. K
Unmatchable Values This Week in Women's Suits, Jackets and Skirts |
We move in a few days to our new department on the second floor. And before we go % we will make y
strenuous efforts to clear out the entire present stock. Prices cut no figure, as long as the sales are made. H
"We are giving values without precedent, and every garment bought here will give you positive satisfaction. H
Suits Jackets Skirts fcj
tf* A *7 r«/V J? 14.95, 91 T.45: *n ¦ «*» $7.4."» to $S.45 — gu ¦ ¦ j-i Two hundred B
ft Ll lU S?ll>.75 —These \il US We have iust \ZiZtS pretty all-wool 1
ifiii/.i/Vj prices represent 4*^ # '**J opened a shipment *p-X»1t^ Cheviot Walking j
a big line of new autumn suits of new fall 22-inch Covert Skirts. There is a wide assort- j
in a fine assortment of styles. Jackets. There is an immense ment of mixtures and popular |
They corne in plain colors — variety of styles; some tight- plaids to select from. All the 1
blacks and the new mannish fitting, others loose back. All seams are double sewed and fin- 3
mixtures — all handsomely tail- are neatly trimmed and strap- ished and the workmanship jj
ored. They are prettilv strap- ped. They come with or with- cannot be excelled. This value |
ped. some belted, others hav- out collars. The recrular values is absolutely the best one in ij
ing tight-fitting jacket effects. are $9.50, $12.50 and $15.00. skirts we have offered this sea- h
The skirts are walking length, » ¦ ¦ =>¦ son — and we have led all others H
neatly trimmed or stitched for All the Stiooping Induc?ments with rare bargains. The regu- y
kilted effects. The usual prices that have made this store popular I lar price of this skirt is $6.50 to ij
arc $20.00, $22.50 to $27.50. I are still here. | $7.00. y
That ts my price, and there are
' several styles of handle to choose
from, including pearl.
\ , See my very complete and choice
W stock of cutlery. Tou'll find my
prices right every, time.
X SELL GOOD RAZORS as low as
$1.<>«>. High grade cutlery. Blade* of
best steel. Easy to keep In good condi-
tion — easy to shave with.
STAR SATUT? RAZORS, regular
*2.0O kind. I sell for #1.5O. Make shav-
ing a real pleasure.
Razors honed and ground. Honing, 25c
Two bars Williams' Shaving Soap, 15c.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer,
10C8 MARKET ST., Opp rifti.
San Francisco.
CeitfreiEteri
Ju Metal
-Suede
La Moderne clasps
two=tone and Paris
point embroidery.
price $| per pair
Salesroom, 200 Post St.,
Corner Grant Ave.
sjg&r Of- B. L Walsh
JfW^ H as Moved
IpCf from 847
Geary to
580 GEARY ST.
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days.
Painless Extraction '.'3c
Fillings 5Oc
Crowns 92.00 to $3.00
Plate Work $3.00 to $25.00
Look for this ad. each other day.
Imabtcp'qI cms sick headache:
UAHItno . .
S3ittle Gsnowo Must Bear
g IVER Fac-Similo Signature
li PILLS. y? ~^~~ ±
jf||vEYery Woman
AS?JwSAm2\\W i» lnUrwted and should know
frWiKLilV'l-voHSa about th* wonderful
ftMSralll MARYIL Whirling Spray
V'.NCtvCJSVssdLl tenant Unction. B*it-?faf-
V-'a,v7V^SZ»>. n . *»^-.Moit ConTenient. .
Ask j««r irmnWt fcr Jt. >£, A(L . '. ;. ¦<^*^?~^**'
I f he ran not supply tb« X--. /bS7 " 'X/?*>s
MAR* KJ,. accept no >*? r^ 7**^S-<fe*--"
othrr, 1 'lit s»n<i stamp for 'Of. j^'*$iS!\s
llln.str»tfdboot-«»»ie<L It civet \Y / ¦'¦A r
fnll particulars and rttmrtion* In- obi g
Yalnabia to ladies. M AUVKL CO.. &/*>¦¦•,,.,#
41 Park How, .Yen York. T^i±^r
102 New Montgomery. San Francisco. Cal.
William Hitteroth tf*dle«f DepC). 224 Suttar.
Union Drue Co. 40O Sutler and 100 Stocktoa.
Oseood Brothers. . .1th and Broadway, Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy U9 g»i«
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
029 KEABST ST. Establish^!
in 1S34 fortne treatment of fr»v«t»
Diseases. Lost Manhood. p«blllt.r ••'
rlhvas* wearing on body and mind ami
Skin Disuses. The Doctor cnrMWhrn
others fall. Try nim. Charge* low.
«-ur*«cti«»r«»-t*«'«i- Call or write.
»r. J. *\ tSIBBOX.Han rrandsco. CaL .Played io High Stakes.
Pp^rinl Co!T»«r>ond*ne*.
VIENNA* Aug. 7. — Pome yoars ago
n (Icrmsn mngician and conjurer, who
No sooner had the Supreme Court of California de
clared the legality of our bond issue than bankers in
London, New York and Chicago made application to
purchase large quantities of the securities. While these
financiers cannot know as well as we the stability of San
Francisco's credit, it is extremely gratifying for us to
know that in the great money centers of the world we
are looked upon with that unimpeachable favor that
prompts men to invest money in our municipal enter
prises. :
FOOLJNO THE PEOPLE— W.. City.
This correspondent wants to know
where there Is to be found the quota
tion which has been accredited to Lin
coln and to Horace Greeley. namely.
"Tou can fool some of the people all the
time, you can fool all the people some
of the time, but you cannot fool all the
people all of the time." This does not
appear In any of the published books cf
reference or quotations nor In the say-
Ings of Abraham Lincoln. C*n any of
the readers of this department Inform
the correspondent where the words may
be found?
That worthy representative of municipal bureaucracy,
the Election Commission, is so well pleased with its ex
istence and the possibilities of its usefulness in other of
ficial fields that it is sponsor for a charter amendment
which will permit Election Commissioners to serve the
city within the prohibited year after their retirement
from office. If the recent primary election may be taken
as an example it seems that the Commissioners must be
so fatigued after their strenuous service that in common
humanity they should never be. allowed to serve the city
again in any capacity.
Mexican Dollar Passing.
The decline and fall in the circulation
of what was once an almost universal
coin— the Mexican silver dollar — Is de
scribed in a recent issue of the Harvard
Quarterly Journal of Economics by!
Professor A. Piatt Andrew. The causes
of the world-wide circulation of this
coin He in the fact that for many gen
erations Mexico was the great silver
producer of the world. From the dis
covery of this continent down to 1S50
80 per cent of the world's supply of the
white metal came from the mines of
Mexico and Spanish America. This coin
also had the good fortune to escape
debasement almost entirely. Between
1497 and our own days its metallic con
tent declined less than 6 per cent— an
almost unique fact In monetary his
tory. The approaching extinction of
this dollar as a medium of Interna
tional use has been due to the enlarged
output of silver and Its demonetization
in the gold-using world. In Japan the
Mexican dollar has been driven out. In
the Philippines the new American silver
peso (redeemable in gold and therefor*
non-exportable) Is rapidly supplanting
the Mexican dollar. The situation la
very similar in Porto Rico. It looks aa
IN his recent report to the Department of Commerce
Joseph I. Brittain, American Consul at Kehl, Ger
many, has some timely advice to give California fruit
shippers upon the present status of the German market
for California fruit. According to his statement the out
look for our product in Germany is . growing brighter
with each season, but great caution on the part of the
shippers here is necessary to develop a steady market
and to insure a continuance of the favor now being dis
played toward the evaporated fruits of this State.
Especially does Consul Brittain urge upon : the notice
of California fruit packers the advisability of disposing
of their stock directly through German agents, whose
establishments in the largest cities there give them op
portunity to keep a delicate finger upon the pulse of
trade and to seize upon the most favorable opportunity
for the disposition of the goods. As a result of this
policy, already adopted by some of the leading fruit
packifig concerns of this State, there is,' according to the
Consul, a market double the former proportions in
AIsacr-Lorraine and Baden, . and - in the retail stores of
Strassburg our fancy prunes and apricots ' have taken
the precedence over all domestic products.
If California fruit is to advance* in popularity, with the
Germans it behooves the packers to exercise more than
CALIFORNIA FRUIT IN GERMANY.
COPTRIGHT— Euclid. City. The copy
right law between the United States
and England went Into effect In 1S»T.
Books published In any part of the
British dominion enjoy the benefit of
the English copyright law, but the right
is subject to local laws, if any, of th j
particular colony. Matter must be copy
righted In Canada as well aa in Eng
land. For such other Information a.*
ycu desire about copyright address a
communication to the Librarian of
Congress, "Washington, D. C.
PROBATE-N.. City. The executor
of a will is empowered to sell property
left by a decedent and give a clear
title, but no sale can be made without
an order of the court In which the will
is probated. "When property may be
sold by an executor may depend upon
the condition of the estate.
ICE— A. S.. City. A block of Ice tw
feet square and one foot thick contain*
four cubic feet, or 6.912 cubic inches.
There are 231 cubic inches in a stand
ard gallon of water; therefore, such a
block of ice contains almost twenty
nine and a half gallons of water.
FERRT-BOAT— G. G. A.. ATamedi.
Cal. The largest ferry-boat on the bay
of San Franciacj is the TVlah. but th
steamor is not lyi-d exclusively as ¦
l*ssenjror ferry-boat.
Answers to Queries.
COUXT IN CRITm\OF:-C K. and
Subscriber. City- In cribb:i~R twe ace?.
two sevens, and a six turned m>,
count twelve.
A Good One.
The Nev Tork Herald prints a story
from London which gives t' e annual
summer sea serpent yarn cards and
spades for novelty. Here it is:
"LONDON, Aug. 16. — The American
liner "Westernland, from Philadelphia,
which arrived ; t Queenstown this even
ing, brought intelligence of a strange
phenomenon experienced by the British
steamship Mohican in the Atlantic on
August 1 while on a voyage to Phila
delphia. •
"A cloud of phosphoric appearance
enveloped the vessel, magnetizing
everything on board.
"Captain Urquehart says the ship's
crew had a fiery coating. When the
sailors saw It they rushed at the needle,
which they found was roving like an
electric fan. The captain ordered sev
eral of the crew to move some iron
chairs lying on the dejk, but they
were unable to do so, although the
chairs did not weigh : ore than sev
enty-five pounds eacX
"Everything was magnetized and
chains, bolts, spikes and bars adhered
to the decks as if they had been riv
eted. The clouC was so dense that It
was impossible for the vessel to pro
ceed. The captain could not see beyond
the decks and everything appeared to
be a masa of glowing fire.
"Suddenly the cloud lifted, the phos
phorescence on the ship began to fade
and in a few minutes the cloud passed
away and could be seen moving over
the sea."
railed himself Bellachlni. visited the j
United States and made a considerable !
name for himself with his art. Some i
of his marvels were produced with the
iiid of his little daughter, who. even
then, was rather pretty. Presently the
pair returned to Europe and doubtless
have been forgotten from that day to
this. Certainly no one in the United
Htates who read a few cabled lines re
cently about a tragedy In the Styrian
Alps could have connected the woman
In the case with the little magician
v ho had helped entertain so many
.American audiences. The two were
the same, however, and further inves
tigatio- reveals the fact that the girl
has had a career the like of which one
rarely finds.
The tragedy which has brought this
remarkable history to light took place
• In Murzzuschlag. a pretty little sum
mer resort in the Styrian Alps. Cap
jj tain Francis von Hervay, the popular
Oovfrnor of the district, who had
"¦quite recently married a rich and fas
< mating bride, was found one morn
ing dead In his bed. An empty re
volver by his side showed that he had
committed suicide. This wa« the out
come of his apparently happy mar
riage.
Captain von Hervay's career had
been a series of successes. A clever
boy at school and a bright and Intel
ligent young official In the imperial
Ministry of Education, he always en
joyed the Rood will of his superiors
end when scarcely SO years of age was
appointed to the Important post of
Governor of the district of Murz
ruschlag. The occupant of such a post
is. as the chief representative of the
imperial Government, always an im
• j<ortant personage. In this case, how
ever, the dignity and responsibility are
much greater, as the district of Murz
mschlag includes Murxsteg. where the
Kniperor Francis Joseph has a hunt
ing box. and the Governor must an
swer for his Majesty's safety when he
comes down to shoot and hunt In the
neighboring forests. Last October Von
Hcrvay had to be responsible not alone
for his imperial master, but also for
th% Czar, when the two sovereigns and
.their -Ministers drew up the famous
Murzsteg programme of reforms for
Macedonia.
• Occupying such a position the cap
tain was a most eligible match. And
so at least thought one of the fair
rummer visitors who came to Murz
susehlag last year. She was brilliant
and fascinating, but of somewhat un
certain age. Men put her down to be
IS, but the more discerning feminine
srx added ten years to this estimate.
She cajse accompanied by an officer,
who was variously said to be het
brother, cousin . and husband. He,
however, soon disappeared,, but the
.lady, who described herself as the
daughter of a Russian Grand Duchess,
with vast estates, remained and fc e
¦ -•¦ • y
THE KAMOIS AUSTRIAN AD
VFXTntK.S.S ANI> THE LATEST
VI.TIM OV IXEB MARITAL WILES
to you, just throw him out. He is a
mean old cuss and always butting into
matters that he has no right to."
The next morning Messrs. Jackson
and Snowball shouldered their white
washing paraphernalia and were soon
in possesion of Bill's joint. Bill was
calmly dozing in a chair and awoke to
find the two black men tal.ing down
the pictures and covering up the fur
niture. "What the are you fellows
doing there?" thundered Bill. "Aw go
on, close your face," was the retort.
With all his sea blood boiling. Bill
arose to exterminate the black in
truders. The next moment he occupied
a reclining position on the cobbles in
frtrnt of his late residence. A fierce
fight ensued and the three were ar
rested for disturbing the peace. At the
police station Bill succeeded In squar
ing himself and the two colored white
washers, after a night in jail, started
out to find Brown.
streets, having according to her own
ptory taken a dose of prussic acid. The
dectors applied stomach pumps, but
ftund no traces of the poison. The
suspicions of the police were aroused
and the woman's true identity and his
tory became known.
Erna Leontine Elvira Bellachini was
born In 1S60. and her father, a Jew,
whose real name was Bellach, was one
of the most popular magicians ever
scon on the Continental stage. At 16
>iars of ajje Erna became a chorus
pirl In the old Victoria Theater in Ber
lin. Two years later she made her first
matrimonial venture, marrying in Ber
lin a wealthy wine merchant, whose
property she immediately began to
squander. Later her husband secured
a divorce. ,
Then she became acquainted with the
well-known Countess Fisi Seydewitz.
who introduced her under the name of
Madame de Behair at one of the small
German courts. Here she met a gay
cavalry officer. Lieutenant Baron Lut
zow. who after a short acquaintance
married her in Heligoland. The Bar
oness seemed quite incapable of re
maining in love with any person long
together, and soon began a desperate
flirtation with a dashing dragoon of
ficer, whose acquaintance she made in
a characteristic way. Seeing the officer
k|. preaching her In a public square she
¦was seized with a convenient fainting
fit and contrived to fall into his arms.
The dragoon speedily became a victim
to her wiles, and the news of their inti
macy reaching her husband divorce
proceedings followed.
The dragoon became her third hus
band, the ceremony this time taking
place at Naples. This union proved no
more lasting than the previous two, the
lady finding other lovers, and as a re
sult the dragoon Invoked the aid of the
law courts and the lady was for the
third time divorced.
But Ehe was a persevering individual,
and before very long captured another
officer, who married her ia London.
During her brief union with her fourth
husband she was arrested upon a
charge of swindling: and held in cus
tody for four weeks, b?lng finally dis
charged only on account of Insufficient
evidence. Her husband found she was
indulging In love affairs, too, and In his
turn sought and obtained a divorce.
For the next few years Frau von
Hervay led a wandering life. She called
herself the Baroness de Shane, and
with the greatest audacity declared
that ehe was the daughter of the Grand
Duchess Vladimir, the aunt of the pres
ent Czar and mother of the Grand
Duke Boris, who recently traveled
across the American continent and con
tributed his mite to the gayety of Chi
cago and JCew Tork.
At Nice the Baroness met in a pen
sion an Austrian official, whom she re
lieved of several thousand francs arid
departed without leaving a trace be
hind.
She next poems to have turned up at
Murzzuschlag. still as the daughter of
a Russian Grand Duchess. Her dresses
were magnificent and her display of
pearls and diamonds extraordinarily
opulent.. but they have since proved to
be false. She gave herself out as enor
mously wealthy, having large sums of
money deposited In Vienna banks. The
unfortunate Captain von Hervay doubt,
less imagined he was getting a rich
prize. His friends, however, were skep
tical and began instituting Inquiries as
to her wealth.
Soon the final exposure came, and the
deluded Governor, realizing the extent
of his misery, took his life.
Frau von Hervay is In prison charged
with fraud and bigamy, as it seems the
last divorce proceedings instituted by
husband number four were not legally
concluded. It Is Improbable that 6he
will wed again for some time.
THE NEXT MOMENT BILL OCCT- J
IMEP A RECLINING POSITION
ON THE COBBLES. I
The Patent Setting Machine.
Sussetah Tahola. an aged Creek,
who wa' a great warrior in his day
and who Is yet good for many a cam
paign, though he Is over 70 years old.
went before the Dawes Commission
recently to see about his allotment.
Tahola was in command of the W>
xrokas during the Green Peach war.
A spy was sent into the Wewoka
country during this war and was
hunted down In person by Tahola and
killed. For this he was promoted.
His next promotion was due to a lu
dicrous incident. He had chased a.
Lard of hostiles to the Osag*» border.
There was a small store th?rc and the
o'7i:er deserted it when th*» lndi m
lighting got dangerous. Yahol.1 ami
his band found this store and in it was
a sewinjr machine. It was the first
that had ever been brought to this
country. The Indians did not know
what it was. They decided it was an
infernal machine that belonged to the
enemy and was to be used for the de
struction of their troops. So Tahola
and his men secured a sleds© and
smashed the machine into bits. Chief
Porter at that time wore feathers in
his hair as an emblem of his com
mand and he sent Tahola a feather to
signify his approval of the deed, thfl
bestowal of a feather by a chief beir.i?
a great distinction among the Indians.
— Kansas City Journal.
WHEN now the world is prone to congratulate
itself upon being a better place to live in than it
has ever been and when philanthropists arc
po-nting out the savage, clothed, and the benighted, pro
vided with pocket Bibles, contented worldlings have little
ear for the grim stories that have been drifting out of
the heart of Africa. But with the special Congo supple
ment of the West African Mail, which has just found its
waj' into Europe and this country, there comes confirma
tion of shocking tales of barbarity, the like of which the
nations have not heard since the last Arab slaver was
forced to go into retirement.
This sheet, together with an appeal from the Congo
Ktform Association for the betterment of the condition
of native women and children in that state, recites
stories of outrages perpetrated with the connivance of
King Leopold's Government which could hardly be
credited were they not accompanied by the signed testi
mony of the informers. The tale is told of women, some
about to become mothers, herded into chain gangs and
marched over wearisome stretches to the central settle
ments of the 'chartered companies, of men and boys
mutilated because the quota of rubber due the company
was not forthcoming, of girls tortured for the intimida
tion of their husbands and brothers. These barbarities
are done by the native soldiery at the orders of the di
rectors of the concession companies.
When first the world began to be startled by the stories
of this, like that which drifted out of the heart of the
Dark Continent, it was treated to a gratuitous exhibition
of injured innocence by King Leopold. Never, accord
ing to that astute monarch, was there a state so favored
in its government as is the Congo Free State; soulful
philanthropy had been the dictator of all his actions
toward this trust awarded him by the powers signatories
of the Berlin act. He, King Leopold, was pained that
there should be any doubts concerning his strictly
honorable dealings. Thus did the tale of the Belgian
monarch's protestations run.
Now, however, we are given in this West African Mail
supplement the details of a trial recently held at the
Appeal Cour, v of Boma whereat a Belgian employe of
one of the concessionary companies was made to stand
for willful slaughter of the natives in one of the jungle
towns. The testimony developed the fact that of the
capitalization of the company in question, amounting to
1,700,000 francs, the state had a half interest; that on
every ton of rubber, of wax or of copal collected in the
company's factories the Government levied heavy toll.
The evidence was further adduced that because the
natives of a certain district failed to furnish their labor
or their products to this company, in which the state was
a half owner, company "gunmen," together with regular
state soldiery and officered by state commissioned offi
cers, deliberately carried on a three months' campaign
against the recalcitrant natives within the borders of the
Congo Free State.
When the findings of one of Congo's courts reveals
conditions such as this and further takes cognizance of
the fact'that it is not a case unique in the stairs of the
stite, it is time for the powers thai gave the country
into Leopold's keeping to call for a record of his stew
ardship. Here is a state of affairs on par with that
against which the nations united in the old days of
African west coast slavery.
BARBARITIES IN CONGO STATE.
The Southern Pacific Company has at last taken the
first steps in the construction of the bay shore line that
has so long been desired as a tremendous improvement
in the railroad service between here and San Jose and
as an avenue that is to open new and thriving suburbs
to San Francisco. Let us hope that this. new road, as ad
vantageous to the railroa.d^^ompany as it is an excellent
reflection of its enterprise, shall be rushed to completion.
Every day won in the building is a day gained in the
profit of operation.
Satolli's Story.
At a reception that was tendered h!m
in the Mayor's office at Buffalo, Car
dinal Satolli praised the fearless, in
dependent, hopeful character of the
typical American.
'"This independence and hopefulness
and confidence," he said, "are to b>;
found here, I have been told, even in
the little children of the poor.
"The bootblack, the newsboy, the
vender of shoelaces never repines or
despairs, for he knows that he will
save enough money to go to college
and. eventually, he will graduate in
law or meuicine.
"I hav* a friend In America, a rich
merchant, who bought a paper one
morning from a newsboy -whose nature
must have been admirably confident
and hopeful.
"My friend had not the money ta
pay for his paper and the newsboy
said:
" 'I'll trust you. sir.*
"A week or two afterward, passing
down that way, my friend singled out
the newsboy and accosted him.
" Tou, I believe,' he said, 'are th*
boy I bought a paper from the other
day when I had no change. I owe you
a penny. Here it is and thank you.'
"But the newsboy waved aside the
penny.
" 'Oh, that's all right.* he said. 'Keep
it for your honesty.' "—Philadelphia
Record.
though it would not be long before si:
ver ceases everywhere to be aught bu
a subsidiary coin, limited in its circula
tion to the sovereignty that l3suea it.-
New York Evening Post.
came a prominent figure in local so
ciety. The men raved about her, but
the women were suspicious and specu
lated much as to her true antecedents.
From the outset the Governor showed
a lively interest in her and it was not
long before they were betrothed. The
marriage was a brilliant affair and
among the distinguished guests pres
ent was the Austrian Minister of Edu
cation, in whose bureau Von Hervay
had begun his official career.
At first all went well, although local
gossip continued. Curiosity aa to the
wife's past history increased and one
day a local paper published a short
fiction 6tory which was clearly intend
ed for Frau von Hervay. The heroine
was said to have been a swindler, who
had had four or flve husbands. The
Governor read it and was seised with a
horrible dread. He called his wife
into his private office and after a long
interview they parted. The lady left
Murzzusehlag. Then came news from
Vienna of her having been found un
; conscious in one of the principal
NEXT to Hongkong, which is British territory,
the greatest seaport on the Chinese coast is
Shanghai. It is Chinese territory, under the juris
diction of that empire. It is therefore within that "admin
istrative entity" of' China which Secretary Hay declared
at the beginning of the war must be respected by both
belligerents. When the Port Arthur fleet quit fighting
and ran to cover, the cruiser Askold and a gunboat ran
into Shanghai. The Chinese officers ordered them to
leave within the neutral limit of twenty-four hours, or
else disarm, and stay there until the end of the war.
They entered on the 12th of August and were there yet
on the 21st. Not only did they refuse to respect Chi
nese neutrality by leaving, but they proceeded to make
Shanghai a Russial naval base by repairing, refitting,
coaling and making other preparations to equip them to
go out at a favorable opportunity and resume fighting.
China has no power to enforce the order to leave of
to protect her own neutrality. Under such circum
stances it is the undoubted right of Japan to send her
fleet ir and destroy ot capture the two^ Russian ships.
But here another question of importance intervenes.
The harbor is full of merchant ships belonging to many
neutral nations, and their nationals have vast property
on the docks and in the godowns which would be im
periled if a naval battle occur in the harbor. In this
emergency Admiral Sterling, with eight American war
ships, sailed into the harbor to prevent a conflict that
would destroy American and other neutral property.
He followed a Japanese torpedo-boat and placed an
American gunboat between her and the Russian ships.
This was an act of discretion on his part, without orders
from Washington, but was in accordance with the
policy of his Government.
iie is reinforced by warships of Great Britain; France
and Germany, and the world's interest in the siege of
Port Arthur is almost entirely diverted to the exciting
situation at Shanghai. There is reason for believing
that the Foreign Consuls there, led by Mr. Goodnow,
our Consul General, have demanded that the Russian
ships immediately disarm or leave the port. But the
Russian Consul General, with all the shifty character
istics of his Government, refuses to disarm the ships
or send them out of port. The Japanese fleet lies out
sidt the three-mile limit, ready to take them in as soon
as they appear. Admiral Sterling has offered to escort
them out to. their fate, but they refuse to go. The end
may come before this is printed and can be reached in
only one of two ways; the ships must disarm or leave
the port. The United States will submit to no other
solution, and the other nations will follow our lead.
It brings sharply in issue the question of Chinese neu
trality. China has no navy that can protect her neutral
position. The great foresight of Secretary Hay is
shown in his procuring the agreement of the nations
that Chinese neutrality must be respected. Russia re
fusing to do «o puts first upon us and then upon all the
acceptors of Secretary Hay's note the duty of doing what
China cannot do. If Secretary Hay had not foreseen
events at this moment every Chinese port would be a
Russian naval base. Russia has earned punishment for
her conduct at and near Chefoo. Chefoo faces Port
Arthur and near there, on Chinese ground, Russia has
a wireless telegraph station by which to communicate
with Port Arthur.
That is a violation of neutral rights. She also per
sisted in using Chefoo as a naval base until the Japa
nese, in clear exercise of their rights, went in and cap
tured a Russian warship. The importance of the mat
ter appears when the prospective plight of the Baltic
squadron is considered. That fleet is supposed to be
on its way to the scene M the conflict. When it arrives
it will find it impossible .*o enter a Russian port. Port
Arthur will probably be m possession of the Japanese
and Vladivostok will be isolated. There will be no
coaling station or harbor of refuge available, and the
fleet will go the way of destruction and capture taken
by its predecessors.
If, however, the nations permit such violation of
Chinese neutrality as Russia attempts at Shanghai, China
simply becomes a military convenience for the use and
service of Russia. If the Russian Consul continue his
refusal to disarm his ships or send them out of the har
bor it will be entirely within his duty for Admiral Ster
ling to order them out or disarm them if they refuse to
go. If they resist him and show fight, it means that to
protect American property he, being at close quarters,
can torpedo and sink them both. Whatever his duty
is, within the limits of international law, public senti
ment at home will applau 1 his fearless performance of
it. Our commerce has already suffered a loss of mil
lions by Russia's attempt to make the law of the sea,
and our people will have no patience with her attempt
to rewrite the rules of neutrality by violating them when
it is her interest to do so. ,'• "¦
Japan is not only waiting outside of Shanghai for the
Askold and her consort, but is picking off every Russian
man-of-war she finds afloat. The destruction of the
Novik, while she was attempting a sneak to Vladivostok,
has in it a certain satisfaction for Californians. The
Japanese cruiser- Chitose, which took part in that ac
tion, vita Prince Yorihito second in command, was built
here at the Union Iron Works. She has proved a
stanch ship and a good fighter.
Starting Something.
The recent resignation from the
police force of George Brown, better
known as "Shanghai." brings back to
memory stories of pranks which the
former officer was wont to play on any
one at any time In any old place.
Brown was connected with the Har
bor Police station several years ago.
Business was dull and the bluecoat
longed for excitement. There was a
character known as "British Bill." who
made a living by running a sailor
boarding-house and supplying a. b. s.
for deep water skimmer whenever the
opportunity offered.
Brown went to two colored white
washers and engaged them to white
wash Bill's domicile. "I have a little
shack down on the Water front," he
told them. "Go down there to-morrow
morning and give the dump a clean
coat. You'll find an old bloke sitting
around the rooms. If he says anything
ordinary care in the preparation and forwarding of their
Output. Not long ago there came complaints from
France relative to fraudulent labels attached to much of
the dried prune shipments received there. Under the
title of Santa Clara prunes there was being shipped into
the French markets a distinctively inferior brand which
sold at the same price as that of the genuine. Not only
does this deception weaken the genuine Santa Clara
stock abroad, but it casts descredit upon the whole ex
port. A continuance of this practice would be fatal to
the trade in California evaporated fruit now building
abroad.
Another and more .serious danger threatens the future
of our fruit in German markets. Consul Brittain in
corporates in his report a clipping from a Strassburg
journal to the effect that on account of harmful ingredi
ents used in the curing of fruits the California import
was to be forbidden. It is alleged in the article that an
alum bath and glycerine application to the prunes made
them unfit for food, and that in the matter of peaches
and apricots such a strong preparation of sulphur was
used to preserve the appearance of the fruit that :i
residuum of sulphuric acid made the finished product
positively dangerous.
Though this allegation of the Strassburg organ has
nothing official about it and there has been no move on
the part of the .Government at Berlin to bar California
fruits on account of impurities found therein, the pro
ducers of this State should take notice of these charges.
If they are unfounded measures should be taken to cor
rect the German misconception. If they .are founded
upon a truth the remedy lies here at home and should be
p.pplied at once before the prestige Of our dried fruits
in forign markets is allowed tn wane.
NEUTRALITY AT SHANGHAI.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, lflOS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ;;. . Address AH Commtmicatlons to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Offlc*.... ........... Third and Market Streets, S. F
TUESDAY ... ....". • ....-.*. AUGUST 23, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
8
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business house* and public raea by tfc*
Press Cltpptns Bureau (Allen's). S JO Cal-
ifornia street. Teleptoa* M»*n 2042. *Irriac Scott's Secarlttes.
Superior Indig* Co_ey yesterday
ccaErrawS tfc* «ie of tfc* personal
property of Irving M- Scctt reported
fcr tfc« administrator of tte estate. At
priTate sale for : J»l.i7» the adcainis
trator sold to Mortca B. Stells the
follo-wicy securities: 53 i first niort
ga.gt 5 p«r c*nt sinMn? fnad fcosds «xf
the Cdted States ShipbttiMiay C^aa
paiijr aod 7r» »iLare« cf pr«f erred
stock tad 719 shares of cosiaioc stock
£2 the sazse corpcratios.
CH— e_ a Scboolsbip Coming.
SANTIAGO. Chile. Aug. 12. — Tbe
C—il*— a ec_ oo—bip,. General Bac;u»
daao has lelt To_o___ for Saa Fraa
ciseo so a- to enable the cadets to go
to St. Loais and visit the exposilids.
_ouis Pierce, cha _aed-wt__ robbery
and convicted cf graxwi iarceny by a
jary ta Juig-? D_a_ve"« court, waj sen
tenced yester__y to serve «i;_te«n
mcnih.? la San Qu*_.i:n. He v_ ac
cused cf robbing John Actcr: of S42
on May 25. Josepii R:ccL e_aryed
witb aaaault to murder aad cocrricted
of staple aasasit. was nentenoed to
senre ninety days ta th* Cotxnrjr J__L
He st_bb«d Charles Eszo wit_ a
pocket knif* ia a saloon oa I>rc____
street on J_a • 1#. C I* Curtis, con
victed of -twrr.r iinr to _s»salt a little
Sirl. was sentenced by Ju-ir* Coc_ to
itm tea year* £a Saa Questin.
Pr—orters Are Se_te_ced .
Sapertor Jofiye Hebbard yester
day reversed a decision of the Jus
tices" Cotxrt in the caaea of fir* C—ts—
town watchmen who S3«<5 the Six
Companies for *75 each alleged to b«
due as __ lary for a month, _s watch
men, after they had been gixea thir
ty days' notice that their servtces were
no Ior_?r-r require—. In the J_rtic<*3"
Cocrt the . watchmen war* giv*_ Sxiig
m*nt fcr their claim. Ju4?e H*bbard
holds that the thirty days* notice was
sumcleat under the contract and n«
assessed th* coats _?aln3t ta« piain
tiff3.
Cbia—umxt Watchmen Defeated.
estimated tha.t would be r-celred for
the support of th* schools. Conse
quentiy the Income from all sources
assregated |1.4M l .TIf 51. thus Ieavins
a oalance of S3S.333 <3. Against this
balance, bowe-rer, contracts bav- al
ready beers entered Into or contem
plated- wsich win lessea it consider
ably.
Financial Secretary Charles L. Ber
liner of tea Board of Education yes
terday com^Eeted figures on th* ex
penditures of the School E>epa.rtmect
during tae fiscal year ending June J-J.
1934. His tabulated statement on th*
subject shows that there was expended
for all purpeses th* sum of J 1.335.
3IJ 91. Wli*a the board h+zzzi busi
ness on July 1. 1331. it had a net sur
plus of S4T.7TS SI out of the rends of
the preoedisy fiscal year. Th* B-*ird
of Sup*ervt3ora appropriated a total of
S 1,54 S.flGiJ.. included Ln wnict ataoant
was some 1 594.45 ft contributed by the
State. There was received from th-e
State, bowerer. th* sum of S193.$?$
approximately in excess of the amount
Financial Secretary Berliner of Board
of Education Reports Tbas
PREPARES FIGURES OX
SCHOOL EXPENDITURES
Gci-pj? fccjsae to nshi his country's |
battlss is th*. naSssion of. Tone Nogts- ;
chS. Jipanes« poet and Journalist, who '
sails fcr the Orient en t!ie llar.-rhuri 1 ! ;
to-day. Many in this country who ;
fcave r-id The \'ol<* of tfce VaII*r." |
"From Ute Eastern Sea" and The \
American Diary of a Japanese Girl" \
and hsT* be«n charmed by the cS«T«r- j
ness cf this youn*' waiter trcrn tlse I
land of the cherry blossom will be In
terested to know that presently he will
fee usicg- the tayon*i instead of tt*
pen.
It has be-en a do»rr years since |
Tone Nceiicfel appeare'd in San Fran- ;
Cisco, a. little brown lad from Xippoc i,
and- began th-e wcrk cf learning
and writiny Enrlish. Seme cf Ms \
Erst literary efforts cam* ctit In >
tc* earlier Issues cf *Tb* Lark."
Charles Warren Stoddard, who as- j
sisted Burgess ia th* prefacing of I
"The Voice cf the Valler** and ""Seen f
and Ucseen.*" has spoke a big-faly of the [
strux^lin? toy singer of Japan. Xoz&- \
chi recently returned from London. :
where he met Zan^wCl. Eoasettl. Sd- \
win and Lady Amoki and others of I
the British tralaxy of letters. "WMEe jj
ta the Orient Xosrucni win write for [
the Boston Transcript, McClore's and »
other publications. ;
Von* Xo^adJ. tfae .JapBtnese Poet,
sails for Yokohama To-Day on
tb« Maacirarta.
GOING HOME TO FIGHT
HIS COUNTRY'S BATTLES
Francisco has ever 6«fore beea
called ap^a to separate a mother
anti dAoznter frcm th* same hus
band. A few we»3ts a^> Jc<fs* Kerri
can annulled the marrta?*- betw?ea
Hu?t> Fuch3 and. the wonian wao was
then bis wlf* en the that her
former bosband was stUl in the Land cf
the liriny and cat divorced. Jndgi
Hunt yesterday rrantad a dirorc« to
5*ii3* EMchs from Kar-5 on. the ground
ei cruelty and the wife's corroborating
witness was b«r mctber, whcs« mar^
ria?» with FccfcJ was annulled last
May.
aeima Fachs t*stl£*d that she wu
th* mother cf tw» children, on* ef?ht
and a half years cM and th? other two
years cf aye, but under the law sh»
tad no* fc€*a married to th?ir fatter
«atil last May. which ecrrespends with
the date cf Judge Kerrigan's annul
ment cf Fochs* marriar? witli her
raother. To Jcd^e- Heaw?n the young
wife male a s-imrtrn: ahowin^- of
crusty to warrant the grastinr cf a
divorce and 123 a nwnth alimccy fcr
the support cf th* children. The
woman will support herself frees her
income as a music teacher. Slse testi
fied that fcer husband was a physician
by profession, but Is now enxa^sd is
seEiny books. Her mcthsr, th* former
wtf» of Fachs. corrcbcrat*4 her da&rh
ter*s testimony re*ardins the man's
cru-elty.
Jadg-e Kebbard granted a drrorce to
Alice Mary Key? froin Andrew B. Kex?
for neglect; to Eliza b«th M- Hariesty
frcrn Jofea W. Hard^sty far d?3^rtloc:
Jucee Kerrigan sranted a diTcrce to
C. A. Bradford frcna 1^ E. Bradford
t-7T desertion a&d cexl-ect: tc* Eueenia
A. Brady from Jsnies H Brady fcr
descrtfcn and ceskct; Ju'lsi Jlura«kT
jrranted a dlTort* to M*rtha B?rtet
frcm William Bernet fcr deScrtrcrL
Suits for dir^rce were Sled by Ida
\L Spic*T a^ra-inst C. A. Spicer for de
sertion: by Anna Greei against Ears
Greei for desertion; by »3*>r?» P.
Starcss acainst Lena I* C. Marcus for
cruelty.
D. I>. Griffiths filed a cross-cr?r3piai2t
against the suit cf his "wife. Anita, who
clrar^sd hizn witb infidelity. Els ac- '
czsa-tl'Tzs asainst her are «rf the same
tenor, bat mere specific and cor* ssn
sa'fcrnal ia that &* names Jasses
K*ane. the ¦ actcr. as co-res>:nd*nt- 1
GrlSiths and his wife were csarried on '
January 15 last. She has since been a
member of Keane's theatrical cxrnapany.
Now and then- th* proceedings la a
drrorce cofirt pressst a sltcatioa oat
cf the ordinary, but it is doubtful
whether the Saperferr Court cf Saa
coc=*ei ia zZjtiz brief a pre»=x*J.
a^.i£* ia OH cbj* ttd it =ay Ut« air-r:s<
ti« Jarr. *=&. tiere--^-. «» cxr. ai-^.:i
*^»=t a. cew tr--ii b*ots» «rf »i»: coci*»i
cUta ts S« ti« fcrsar*jti«icT ei the eri^rsrt ta
.¦ £r^T ccc-rt^ice. Witrt it act f-» tii« crm
tB>J )g 4* - * *^=S* »-« d-*n tt c«"e«s4rr =:r
?^9«r ta ».mq« t^y tctnrn »s ta ti» =»r-:»
<r Cs« cm»e. fast fcr rwaca cf lij sr-J^-i *?*¦-'-
'¦"- 5* ti*» rsccica t:<rt — i3Ttti=* err c^tri^i
«C-tS-«tr*Sea«» — I f»et nc^"»i t> riit* it.
I tt -53Sr»« taew ti*t rct^ »»sr:=^Et it
al'J«-a- t- tie 1«f*sd*at. E*-l I »st tocfet «*
ts ti- c«r«ai»=t"» cr2» I wzxH en ft*saxt«
t» rv: ber a. trsr trtil. rr<?= tircji tise
;-rr *«4 t£tsE4 fc-r «?EatT «ad t*« estir* eses
r=:ty «« c»eiSer»d tct tiktm c»« hai
b**^ LBtu trt*d ts! I Sa.T« fc««trc *2 «rf Ok
?Tjoetc* cf*«F» e« iw«i trmat Oa •«* <rf
«=^i trtaJhi siM ist» featf tie S*b«Cs cf *T»r7
7-;^>^^:^c wtii wtaefc tfc» fctw <loebe» ticse
<>m«a w-.is craa*. C"a fcctS tStal^ ti««T>r
ti. 'r» »»* a 4^raSt ta &y -^ -"».¦{ ts ta ti- — k*-- y
t» &* sa&. I r-scireS ti*t «5ufet ia firer «£
ts* »«S3^t.*s«> tk«t I =r«ii fwi. B »fe» was
wfcleS tt «ttc%e *•. tflxtai^i ttat iser ecarictiea
wii &=t tc pvtiiar «>sCi=Mnt. ¦ TwiBsiy-foBr
>=¦«¦* ?* T^ i~-^tr—; fcer caiter *fler c-jtt
ts **ic* wwytbat feat rtr^-zir l-«x! rrfet*!fe?<»
»«» «i?-I;ad<*i. Oa &«* « th<-s* trS*5i »t* w»a
ator <S#f*&i*d fcr tmt '^aa*eS wt«aw ¦»•»-' r-r
at o th» fc«r cf tSis 5t*t» ia «E^»»tie^nS »ai
wfcm cilMttK* is rJ«»4i3tX Bar t*r eoaii Vt
aarr*w* fcT a*o». Trcsa h*r £r»i ccarfctfcm
«at «.7ee«J w«i ts.kzs Ss ti« Sttrr-r=- •Jctxri it
tM* Rate »art co rslra*- cs» rftat m*I «u
Cr=o-i; tc- a si*» crii'.- «x» rrx=x<»4 tec»3»«
asftoaamatt ajajateC^BB tlw enw-ta e-Sstrr* ESraca
ti« DaatmcS ;oeaax xtici "ta'f. »t ti*t t££r«.
*3<ft fc» - *a aJSm^al br th- ffsrt^=* Oiwrt, fcit
¦ - - — •: faLr a.* tte eccrt > rtarn i« eirofc- '
<»trw< — was* nwi jiedi " &* t»f- d-*m«.c= ea ti«
Oa S«fc trial* '>• aflavavaaa aaS «.Sftfty of
i - --.'.- --r. liar see ra *atnei rrras :
t .•¦ — je i^e.4tcas r^EJ-'ty. *-!i;!i i»rs»sti:a- ;
a*& «MU* tart? fc«s n quialiT tai &«• pea- <
is^naitEr r-*?*i »tti ti* g«:t: ;.-r »*ei cf •
;. iECftS Zx^t he rr=r'T5it«st at t=-
I fe<«« tiat t5» *i-'»=;ii=T tx* ia<5 C3M *S*«- :
" - - firr trais a=rf t^trs *»iur^»-i thatt K-rri
rcr t *» try wUtSl J*a sas be»a trlieii T^»re Es5IJ- i
i-3sV5-«i 2ms tJ>» «^;lr=r« '.3 Ssfi:^ ¦ t*r I
«.a^~j ef rtsr3»r of tie Srst iS^sr**— *ftaocri '
: • MC *sr»* witi Cms ta rwr^rt ta tie i
7-~-«:t-»- ?zl~£V4 — I r»a f-ai =3 r;x«?a fcr dls- i
- - -r t>- retSei ~^*r-i
Ea Jadre Dunne's eo^irt on t!*e lao- ;
twa>to dismiss the fztfdzxnaixSOB in tie;
rjK ciiar^in\c her witi th^ cicrd«r of >
Mr?. Ida Henrietta Dean*, a c^ctlnt*- '•
anas «-as pr&"*-^-l till ScpteaiSer 2L
Fcr the seccsd tisie Mrs. Cordelia
Bttkln has listened to the words which
«-.n ccrsiga her to a term- of IIf« im
rr-5--^=ent in taa Qutntin for the
murder cf i£rs. Ellxabeth Dunning in
s*nd:n^ her a bcx cf poisoned candy
•J3 Dover, DeL. in Aujt^st. 1»«. Jui^e
Cock 7est»r4s.y <i?ni*i the mcUon fcr
a new trial In a carefully prepared and
i^Icai iul^rr.*nt. Tt* cefeni^nt sat
t*sil* her attorney, Frank McOowan.
Attorney Gecr^e A. Knight was not
present. She vu eTiiezily prep-ared
for the worst an-i did not display any
enaction when ta* Jul^s passed s«n
'*=«« u^cn her. Wh«n asked if she
b^d any leral cause tc siiow why ?zd£
— ler * ehouid nc? b* prencunced upon
t «'» ilc<Jcwiz npQcd. "X<7 l*53l
rrcun-i." Ker Ups parted ani th* was
rein* t» beak, tut a look from 31c-
checked her. ilcOowaa was
granted a stay cf thirty days to pre
pare a eta cf exreptioas fcr an appeal
ts t£* ecpreri* Court.
° In his conies th- J=i«e. after dis-
PcsiiS cf all th- pcints raised, eaid:
G riffiths ? Cross - Complaint
Charges Wife With Mis
behaving With Thespian
Trial of Fiirht for Fortune
Xot to Be Set by Judge
Coffey Until Next Friday
if Penalty Had
•Been. Left to His Decision
It Would Hare Been Death
WILL EXAMINE DOCTOB
OVEBBULLS ALL POIXTS
m-d fe* lathi it S*s j*r»Tyl«rtN. lur.» iknt^ica,
Trima mzai XirTV**-^^. Cil_ * - : r. ¦-..--. K*%~,
• Aid ra i~*4 t«ti=f. £^P!»3 of pUst Zzdvs-
Vrr. I>-»rt=:*r.t «; A«r1«rslrsre.. Aye tanit.
IT »s 3? j»»^» A;cU5a.tics. Sana. 30*.
EZ.i~.Zi. it. «!«Tm.t<rr "rccstrsetsr. C«T*rEsa^^t
S^ 7*cr« er <rr*r. A.zvOr*.zbza tor= 1*33.
Laicrxrcrr iji la ScmT^Itsre. t—t-a.3 ~f
yta.=t tatC^acrr. X>?part2se=t ef A*rsr=It3r*. Ac?
IT a 35 r»i_-* A.7rC<?atJcrT: Zsrrx 50*.
Aaai»L»:t. tiisal h -»^a-»— «- tsr»*"a r*
* r'iTmi K^-3Krr, I>s»rssass cr A«r»ealT=r».
5ii*rr. 97tn wt «—*-—? As* p— *». t> t»
*i y»*r». 3I*i eclj. AggLt-aia win b* re-
CStr»4 ta aBbssA <rJ-i*et<ee cra.i i^r'uzc £r»ci
»- 5^- .-•..-:-! - ¦- *t- -.i ' "- a. V ir r»i.-»'
wzx£t is. >ft»^«' >:-»>« wi: rj. AfpiicatJia *ir=»
m£
Arrly t» ti» CsitnJ itue* Cv3 Serrte*
<~g-T-— -if«VT gn^ry*. D. C cr ts tt«
r-7 «rr Lx*t^ca Ltei. 3rt^& «itx'J ie tJri.
Otil SctvW Ejsaiaiaatioas.
Another preliminary sklrmisa fa the
battle fcr the millions cf Berth* 1L
D«Ib«€r took place yeatsrcay forenooa
in Juire Ccff sir's department of the Su
p^ricr Court. A nioe discrimination as
to the result would show a temporary
tut net imp-crtant victcry for th* ccn
twttanti cf the wia cf the morbid girl
¦*ho iz.d^i her life t-y fllnring herself
from the nlnth-stcry window of the
W2idcrf -Astoria Hotel fn New York.
Out cf Ute chaes cf contests and an
swers tie legal cenfict for a distrlta
tlca cf the fortune ts ccmmenclng to
take fcrm cf definite is*U€s. The con
testants want to pcs*r»ne the trial un
til they have secured the deposition of
Etta Marie a Warren, friend and ad
viser cf MGs Dei be* r and principal
ten£nciary uni^r the will. Th* admin
istrators, it is charged, ¦wish to fcrce
the case to trial In order to prevent the
taking cf the deposition. &e*iie« this.
the point is rals^i whether ifiss War
ren is really a party to th* contest and
whether eh* is rcpreigflttfl by any at
torneys ether than those appearing for
Yesterday was set by Judge Hunt.
Surins the absence cf Judge Coffey. as
the date fcr hearing tie petition by
the administrators for the adntl*s:on cf
iliss I>~Al*~r's will to probate. Attor
neys Pilisfcury and Willianiscn appeared
f«r tie adr=inistrators and HLrani TV.
ani AIb*rt M. Johnson for Adoftih
Schander. cne of the contestants. Th*
crossfire between the attorneys laste-i
for an hour and at the end cf it Judge
Coffey <Zecii*i that he wouil exarr.fr:*
Dr. W. B- Le'arltt next Friday as to th*
state cf Miss "Warren's health, and un
til then he would net set the case for
trial, although he is anxious that the
trial shall be h-?ard at the earliest pos
sible dace.
ATTORNEYS ARRAYED.
Ptn«b-cry did all the talking for tfce
proponents, while wailamson s&lz in the
fury box fee»r-i-S' an eax 5 ,? eve «r-«?n tlt»
prc<^?d!n?3. The two Johnsons sat sida
by side in front of the Jcice and were
alive with objectl>7as and eloquence in
their effort to prevent the ease fKins
set for h-earfne. Alfcert Johnson fired
the first srsa La giTin? Juir? Cr*t!!?y a
r«Ti*w of the prcce'edinftS taksa during
the court's vacation, including Ju.igi
Hunt's statement that ncthins should
t-« d^ce uctii Sudgv Ccffey mhoxzl-i re
turn to the ben^h. Tn*a he set fcrta
that, in spit* cf the - <JIii^ence of the
eontsstasts. they had b»«€a r,rj>M* to
*?rv» BQtlee cp^a all cf Che perscss in
tcrest-4 In the distribution, d the es
tate because sctne of them were ua
wiliin? tr» be served.
\>~h*m Jud^e Ccffey d=n:and-rd the
Cist? cf thes? unsssrrevi Johnson sail
that th«r were Mrs. Joseph I- ilocdy
and Hiss Ethei I*. Roche. The latter
Is a ccu*ia cf Miss Dclbeer and was
ieft 110.000 ta the wCL Johnson vol
unteered the infermatien that Mrs.
Moody, whe was not a beneficiary un
der the will and ia the sister cf th*
contestant. Adclph Schancer. is modest
and win not app«ar ia- the easiest un
til she is co:=£h»iled to. This caused
the ccurt to su^-sest that the two re
luctant p-erson* might b* reached
thrru^h a rrc<«*s cf court served by
the Sheriff and on the'axrsement that
Mrs. yZcjodr an 3 Was Roth* will b»
¦a served It Is probabl<2 that the ccurt
will b* able to set the contest for trial
after p^asstnsr open the matter cf Mias
Warren's ability to give a deposltisn.
Ea the talk between the attorneys
yesterday the Johnscns cnarr*d that
Piilsbury and Williamson, attorneys
fcr the executors, were representing
tie chief legatee. Miss Warrea. PtU»
feury denied the statement and said
that IQH Warr<?n was witho-ut means
to employ an attorney, but that th»
exeeutcrs wculd "prctect her" In the
contest.
WANTS EARLY TRLAL-
PSIsbury pleaded for aa ear'y. set- f
tiny cf the case for trial and ca ac- I
cc-cnt cf the pressure cf ether matters I
the ccurt faTor&2 It. but the Johnsons I
contended that the issues w«re not I
made cp until all the parties is interest ?
had i»en served and wtta other cases |
bef5«v tlni - isvotrin? th* same point |
Jcdye CcfTey was constrained to pest- I
p-^ne the setting.
Urcn the failure cf Hiss Warren to I
ap pear to make a deposition before a t
notary last Saturday. PUisbury read 1
the aff.ia.Tit of Dr. Lewitt as to her I
;:;- *ss and the attcrn*y remarked that [
it wou!d t« fnnuman for the ccurt to [
crder her to maks a dep«:sitioa. Hi- i
ram Johnson immediately produced a I
certincate siffned by Adolpfc Schander |
In which- the aSdavtt of the doctor and I
th* plea cf Miss "Warren's ill health I
¦cere controvertei The court admitted I
that th* 1 certificate was in proper form j
Car Juiicial consideratica and oa the j
strength cf It he would haTe to srant
the contestant's request for aa investi
gation and call Dr. Lewitt into court.
Next Friday the doctor wCI be heard
andjf It Is proven that Miss Warren
is act too HI ber depoaitiaa wHl be or
dered taksa. At tee same time Judre f
Ccffey wd probably sst the case fcr I
trial at a date near the niiddie cf Sep- f
temter.
Dr. Stoir* Case Costfnsed.
"Wnen the case of I>r. Banjanoia F. I
Sicll. charged wita the murder cf.Dr. I
Rctert J. Blake la the Phelaa fcaQdin* [
en October H, 1592. Wis called Eaj
Jud«* Cock's court yesterday to be re
set for trial Attorney Hoirmer, for the
defendant, asked for a continuance, as
h*» desired time to prepare aa tea- 1
pcrtant motion. By consent the case I
\ras. continued till September 12. At
the former trial the Judys Instructed
the Jury to acquit and the Supreme
Court oa appeal by the District At
torney field that the Judge erred la
giving such, instruction.
Dr. Quitman Kchnke. president cf
the New Orleans Board cf Health, is
ia Texas to- determine by experiments
tne feasibility of fight! rg th* cio*;3lto
«a a. ton carrier. *
John CarLscc said he had a bad cold
and was en rocte to a dru£ store to
purchase Quinine when John Jonnson.
whom he had sever s3«a before, stopped
him and Impudently In«^ircd if he were
Sharkey. A Bssa-tfv* answer brottgiit
to his noae a hard rap from, his inter
rogator's tot. and to th* ecsaisy mix
up the honors were erea when a police
man Intervened and arrested the com
batants for ££b£Irr$. Jedre Cabaniss
dismissed ta* cas«,
Mi&rtia 5hac«hn«ssy aSowed Riciard
Slir** to share his rooca at »tl Focrth
street last Saturday ni^ht. and when
h* ta-ofee h? fQtmd that ilr. Xzst*
had plundered his po<ket« and 41«ap>
p«?are4. Mr. ilajre* wHl fe* sentenced
for petty larceny to-day by Jciee Coa-
Ian.
William MHI^r had a *¦&!$& ham hid
daa underneath his coat when he was
arrested Saturday nfrht ta the Mission.
and as no claimant of th* meat ap
peared th? char?* of petty Iarcscy was
dismissed cy Jadze Fritx.
Charles Adai-i». attorney, of SIS 3£ar-
Ret street went 10 collect a feCl owtss
by H. E. tinien. &*«>»r of a fcs<X?rin£
fccti*4 at 254 Stersnsoc street, and In
stead of money he received a bfow Ima
the debtor. Jcds» Cafcaniss laxposad a
nee cf J* oa Mr. Llndea. £>i r
• • •
Tairty days in prlscu cr *» fine wac
the alumatiT* stibmitted by ixi£g* Can
tan to Donolcick McCnllJgan. marine
fireman, who celebrated his safe return
from the war-riven Orient by jsttrn?
dmnk and then attacking Patrolman
FIccd oc Fourth street. Deminick paid
ti« fine.
\nniani Carr. who lire* at North
Beach and Is nicknanv^i "Dopfy.**
mast explain to Jn&& Frltx his rea
troj for dawdling by day and nl?ht
at Suttar and Derfcsadero streets. Tt»
policeman who arrested Carr informed
the cocrt that the defendant's beha
vior was a stand! a? ptmie to the folk
who coniplained cf hita.
Henry Jsne*. acccsed of cccductins a
lottery place, insisted ca plsadia?
fnx&tj despite a hint fr^ra Judg? Fritx
that tha evidence c-f foSLl was not ab
•cfstety ojnclusive.
"That d^3esn'« raaJE* arty difference/*
said ilr. Jen«s. ''I'ns 5^Uty all rignt. all
rijrht. and den's want to pat yea to the
trouble Of tryir.f me. Jast fix the Cue
and III pay it."
"All right, ail right, tf yea insist." re
sponded the Jx&xe. *The fine Is ttOft-H;
"Tfcafs all rirhc all rirnt.*" said 34r.
Jcnes. and he raid tee rncney right
then and thrr*. •
a • «
"I dkbia ken th" lair wedna let a [
cica tak* a drapple If he didna feel
¦•"tel." said John G. ilcEtoaral. arreste»i '
for drr:njLenn£ss en Mirk?-, street, to ' :
Jair* Frit*.
"The Baw," his Hacor explaiaed. '
"ices net crchltit the drinking- cf La- ;
tcxicants, but it do*a prohibit drunk- [
enness in a patllc place. Sorry to I
hear yen were Hi. Mr. 3IcDca?a.L r '
"A»«l, men, a«-»«L th" Tar.gsr we |
I^5ve th' rnair "are I«rran," said ilr. 1
McDougaL **Koo cackle vsll y» »*t ;
"Not a cent. fc«catise yoa have spent •
a night in crts-:n." was the respense.
"Ter a braw Laddie." said Joha.
-Hcwt. ecru ?tn cot," said
Pa=i Frie<ihof?r. accused of disorder
ly conduct at Fourth- and Tehaata j
streets, was also rather mixed a* to the |
law's require naecta aad Jndg* Cabs&nis^ I
spent ccnaiderat)!* tins* La prcTtdinjf ;
hiia with- enlicfctesr:ent.
Police Captain Spillane was riding 1 on
a Fosrth-strest car when h« saw Mr. :
Friediofer p--irsu» senre entail boys
with «vtdent intent to carre th^m wttJi
a larye knife which he brasdiihed
ale ft. The captain prcantly disarmed f
and arrested flaal. who eicreajed tn- I
ability to understand why the small :
bo?* were net also scooped la.
"I>er law. Slujods»." te exclaimed. I
"allowse do»* Jioodlebssas ter caG niej
der loafer cad ter chock, copplestones I
by ce, end Ten I start ter prin^ dam \
ter i'ic«tlce I'm In der Lack-cp put. i :
Vat's d*r matter mid dar law, any- '•¦
howr* :
"Th* law's all rig-ht. PatJ." said th* ! '<
cocrr. "and if you hid taroked Its aid : '
instead of taking ft tcto yotrr own ¦
hani§ you wcaid now bt a complain
ant against ycer persectrtcrs Instead of
a defendant. » ,
**AcX hints:e::" exclaimed th* de
fendant. **d*r ras no law to perroke i '
rea der eops^estodca vas Cyin* mine f :
tead ar-r-ennd! Der law didn't earned
till der hocdlebcms vas ronnin' aray. ( :
end dea It let denx kee? oa nmnin* i
avay. Vaa der efer sooca cxaapera
tfena?"
"Th* ia.tr caw dismisa^s you, and i
tnzr»st3 that If yea are a^ain ai3aile4
yctt ran for a policeman instead cf
after yesr assailant*.**
• • . ' * i-.
F. O. Tayicr, who wai arrested wnOe
parading Kearny street with fcis ssoes
tn his hand at in early tcer yesterday
morning, informed Jed?* Conlaa that
he was & belltxer la tte. Kneipp rea
edy for disease and was en roote to
trample the rsrard In PterUmouth
s<;nare whea ta* poQcesAa stepped
him. Yes, b« fr»3 b«<sa drinking bet
to the best cf his rtccnectica he wa*
cot Tery drasJtL.
"Tte barefoot cure for aJcoholissx is
& e*w one." said the Jcdge. **and cata
I fea.ye consulted medical asthcrltlaa
yea zsost &w&it jcdgaMnt. 1 *
• • •
Tacmaa Fracklla ml^ht net taTe
beea so offensive fa his conduct oa aa
TUlx «tre«t "owl** cax If lie had known
that Patrolman ParreC fa plain garbw
was one cf his fellow passeagers, cor
inijht he have beea arrested If he had
heeded the pcSceraan's adnioaltfoa to
retnezaber there were wossea a Scard.
Jndz-e Fritz wCl sentence 3£r. Franilin
ta-day.
Jake Enlx» declared it trxs morw ta
I sorrow tiaa fa ar«r thiX b? rtsited
I iliss EL Raymond Last*5*ninii.r even
: cue. ai'i tbat b« v&s not primarily
¦ rea>T=s!b!e fdi> th6 trouble that cc- j
f curr^i there asd I*d to his arrest fur j
I dlsturiizjg tlse j«ace. For elrh: cca-
I sccuiir* year*, he went ca to say, he
| traa th« lady's no*t favored ssitor.
? and so la.ur»d had h» 6*coc» to her
| szz.Zizg welcors* that when It grtWi- .
I t-ally gav» •wray to what is popularly
? termed "the frc-ren face" his sou! b*
; ca— e ladsn with. ?<i:.r=ar:t yrieL It
.; was wttli. t.o Jst*=ti<ti cf hirnilii.? her.
I fcat simp-ly to p-lead for pity, t&at he
I w*n.t to her hors-e Satcrday evenin?- 1
Ste reo?iTe-i hin with co'dceSs ari aa
I he pretested hi* petition her facial
I t*r:?<»ratiir« steadily drc-p>r»d us til It
¦ was d»ep iy»i©-ar xero-. ton; he did not !
' : lose his temper untC *fce b*rs.a to :
I speak. la frapp-ted Laajxiase she Ji- 1
; fonred hlsi thai hi* ristw irere dis- j
ta^tefsf *n.i that he was tfrtftfg b-:th. j
; time ar:d eJoQSCSCC in eiTort to re- j
1 kindle Ut her ftcsoss the leader regard i
¦ th*t ascft plo-ared tk«re. la despair fce !
j re<;ue3tfd her to- return to hla the tea- |
' terlal tokezs d tttertttn which ironj !
ttae to tte* he had b«?stoTPcd upct: ;
: h*r and ¦arhich then cccs'itsted a con- >
siderabi* of her household ef- ;
f?ct«. Her r»spcEse «ra» a nEnonin? j
* cf the police and z girtns- «f hiss into !
ti-rir enstbdjr.
Rather di^erertt «tis the tale c&- ]
1 folded by iliss Raynicad. trae. she J
I had kno*Tt Mr. Kmi^e tor sereral j
y=ars. l?u« c«rer at ar.y tins* had their *
relitiorishlp been such as to Justify j
: him la faacyl^s- hfcxself ber first c&trlce. ¦
Trae. als-j> that he viaite-i her ftcni* |
and was courteously r?c«tve<l. but his I
*&?*-\i<Tr. never wu so cordial aa to •
¦jc-arrant him In beEiertft? that fe? had |
. a cinch on her aff€ctl£ns- She treated S
¦ hta with the respectful FBtltfiifM di3« \
any gi?n.tl-?mai frrr= any lady trntU
i his risit* frecarn* such a b<5-re that «h->
eoald tot dtssesltbte her e»in*ryance. ,
TJim he waxed wroth and threatened '
to deprive h*f cf a hirhfy tr?*s-3re*l
sealskin ?acr;ue and certain Cn*er- [
riz?s e--5T^ally prized if sL-e not coa- I
tine* to p'ay hyrocri;*. His crraduct i
oa Saturday nlzht was s> angrily de- j
mon strati v*» a-i hfs m:*-n &¦> menacing. '
tfcat <M?I5-cr*s=rvat;ca prk^mztgd her to ;
c»:: ia the j>?fis»- And she hoped tlk« I
court woald pmtect h;r !if?. sa£t»a!» L
and rings frsm th* scan's eridect d-e- I
sire to fr^sr* h=f.
Mr. Erni^» then renaarked tliat h-» j
fiid not want to air his private affairs i
in r-^bi;^. fiut HL?s Raymond in»w
that he had a r.yht to expect invi- 1
tati<jiL3 to visit her and receive kind [
treatraent at h*r hands.
'¦This cocr* Tca't co fetd that !
-;-;^sti:n." sait! Pc'Jcs Jui,?* Conlan. |
rbui will ccnlLne frs ronslderatica tt> f
the eoBQfiaSat that yoii t2ireatene i d ' to \
harm this yc^nf Trantaa fn retaliation b
cf a r-ra.1 cr CanCfed srieraic*. Her I
complaint «««!ris to be -srell fcnsdsd, I
an-i for her pfbtectlda I no-*- order ;
yoa into custody, to remain there an- j
til j-ot2 fnrnlsh ass-srance that sfc.? «rtu !
receive n«> Injsry throcgh ycer taatru- I
mentality."*
ACTOK -KEANE ACCrSED
Mother and Daughter Both
Legally Separated From
Same Husband This Year
Oudze Cook Denies Motion
. for a Xew Trial in Case
of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
Attorneys for Contestants
of Miss Dofbeers Will
Insist Upon Deposition
After Eight Years of Courteous Consideration
Miss E. Raymond Undergoes a Change of Sentir
ment Toward Jake Emige and He Is Arrested
GETS DITORCE
FOR CRUELTY
LIFE SENTENCE
IS REIMPOSED
MISS WARREN
MAY BE ILL
PERSISTENT WOOING FAILS
TO THAW OUT "FROZEN FACE"
' THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL". TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1901.
9
f — ¦ '
I I VULJ HOUSE.
TlTTIE TOREADOR! T
Osa_v ?p_\xrT^.-r:'3 _cr__- C\
CAt. 5Z?T?AnC7y. V_»
AE—BE^J '3J--_AT G— £_IA A
D rsrAi^TTTC—t^Fit rrxs. {)
RlTOREADORIR
_, — CALIFORNIA
8— — Bs.
-far- S»_ s'» C_«t«- C3_«ix -C«ic<_ra___
The Man of Mystery
T_* Grt— : E»tac_r— ( F_r.
fLORENCE ROBERTS
tess Of T«g p-Lgsarvn-LEs
i SEATS -f Q-gr — — t '.t-t— p. |
ALCAZAR I B^"
Oacr— -____rsr.
TTVXIOHT— A_X. W_S_.
-CATS. THT3SI>AT A^_> SaTCIOaT.
B-tU ~«'- ¦» 73c — -— ,7_— rs._ «*•_ . _3e t> SOo
WHITE } -133 ~g CCU w. I
WHIXTLEt-ilBY
X-l __:¦> T__r_____; - x i *y^
THE PRIDE OF
JENNICO
_AG> _•" I < J__ST_.T 3TAG__». OX— AT CAST".
KJ~>-T. A-sc _»— 3C2. »ti:rVt-___!g i_
_'i__-r__-
Cris F.:_&'a Gr!_.:ot C— c__ Cr_ __
GcyTpai •*_*?<*
__• sg f *a_r%L, ***Z3^
IZj.t'i ". «_. =«— r ?Ugtsa. Pic— KScuti _ _
TO-XiaHT— JL_ :-. j » — i Vy. aa; i_~; 5— _
7--_ T^r* H»r» «rf _• X«— . TirCI^s
«5»c_c___r oT _» It__o-Jj^o_es« "Ur_-
A Spy at
Port Arthur
s«___— _ U Scc_«- :r _a -J-= 1-. Ca____
raiVC ija^m ...tic. _c _ia
SCcz: ¦»"*»! — T^aarfg Pi -t.V r_=— aa *
"* ->«^ r— 1— .*.
T-LB T-_-3'r — O— _ '.
Vaudeville's Verj' Best!
— T~«-r--« _-t-< _T_ _— 1; •»*¦»¦- -~-<*i X_S»
w«*^~*^^ r TZ— fl— z. _iat1«t«rf %_r Z— __
T— S9— ct; 'V_S— 7 C w_t» — - ~— >— -^^
r.e-rcT ——I O— — 7— 27: T_r»» XSX_£__T
Exrrtr-: X-T—s __i _*rt__t_Tr; Q-zy%s
s=t_ O3fi_. c_u£ t-9 Or?_rr _ _.-_a
1*_— -res. S_ ewtxr
JACK MUNROE
AS — -a T_— __— r Q_ _ri— r— .
_ts»n— r ____«-» 2r-rjr __— tty. T— _r»-
Fr><a — ISc. -Zc t: i 3>lc
MARCUS AIT6ARTELLE
A_d a S?:c--_- S-ur-r Stczt -— -— x— a m
s=- Er___r ts __« T— —ter.
TA_S A KIDS CS THS
at__rtATxr_r xaxLBO-St.
THl-g— BABT LKHCS CX Tttg ZgQ.
ixspsxtt ciHur: rsz —a — ogr.
H**r t_» Psm-tic gjg-j— «-T <X-_.«i«ir!__w
___ T-SCE Xt—HT T_T__l_»AT.
_-aC3_^OS 14e i CH— -D— --— -i»
yy» F&gr^rr At* ?rr ~T^t O— i*
€\£-SS_SS-_&^_k
?wcr_rr ar. ll 3/. l '^E5^
GRAND S^M
rils -Wee* Oily, -tittle* Sat— riay.
MR. JAMES NEILL
[HELP BY. -_*•
_ l5! - 25s - 5a!
___T_5__ * ' V
uaiat 2 rm> ENEMY]
i^f|i [jaapi a Mr-ass:- »
w U '__ U Wi %**?\ _»_ii t_. _ j
NliHTL-T. rXC-CT'IN^ 5^"X_>AT.
_Ar..vi_; satvri>at &M.T.
AP_VO_O D__T AJ__ct_»_
em „, tie Daissrm!
fl B I » - COIfDTj
nsHSARi: » Lvlj bs_A
; 5t.\F~EE.Ft2XX- I
FRJCS-?— Orcirstra. C; CewB Ctr*». It B*t| j
: B_ie-:cy. _rst wt»li pstth fi; _ext ici«.i n-ra.
I T3c: 5n*a:— i ItihwiJ. 5«;c __kI 23c
' i — __ _________
IE_ SUCGS Q? SuCGSS.5.
T__3 t» _» Cr-atass.
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
Sx "~"_3 C_-:«t.r-l a_i _?• _"^__»— _.
Ti# *=jart Uir 1 . "rl »_>J -?-:;»—_«;». »¦--.»-_
____»! i_rf cct=«-Jx rr>i_c___ frer me.
I Esttr* —^ci-frf.1 cut *srj r^::*ini>. : ;
Mi3S CSOKGIa CRA-tSTT.
1 CTC 3Caz-_--»_u EKtrir P-_>_r____ tf _«
Jtt St Lc_ a- r_r
»»•— » Opca—ar ?•*— r Jiir—core EEs _t_.
_AT. SAT, a_ul SC-C = *-» prr-iia- prtsa*.
X3_XT— "_C33 _tAZ_T_.*_~"
=7 -Till ___ks ctt * ' — ¦¦*.<. •- __-* iai, :r
E*7*. ¦¦¦- /.
YOU CAN LOOKi
I Tk* wide mxli crer and cot ft* »i»» to I
I ftadJ a Laundry that caa co__p_ r* w It! 1 the |
; Hcited, States fcr the L_-__y_«r_=5 cZ __- F
6 Uaers. "We ___:* __3_deri_«; a_s art by |
I the exyiistt* __J*_5 t__» we pet cport t
I 7X -~ 9— trtav csllaurs •__} c_— X a_td — • _ r« *
P as c_.ti-_ of __c=3 as if — tcy wcrr dose
UNITED STATES LAUHDCY,
1-C-* KASZ-T ST—SET.
T— <?-—:« 8e_ __ _tOL
Daiarp D0.VT FAIL TOlt
j COURT Lcsagins::
ann rcosi. th- EMPIRE
auu Parlor, ti«
f;«-«-,^ PALM ROOM, the
' "rand iSg^^S:
I Betels r^-*" 1 " 0 !!.
•; BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A -— ___T *tg*r-Tt«* «! Vt'-'r _XT_3Ct £__.
tar *__i ?;«r*-__.
T_* a__t —•__«___ _«_ raC _— t — ~f Sb«e_i
73c_c for _¦» Sex— a Ore——. Car be _ _-«-t.
T_r -(<-_—» Et__nt]r e_- tv-^,,^ -^ -^
__-_«Ts -—- S— — l«r. £e_» t_ t_ c — _ saet—
_ _%*__—__, A_rs * iutexs. a*_ _ _
—3 y_r.^» ts, S. F.— U— _ — s • C— -— a_*4 *
grape-xxtts.
¦ ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ . . .
/
Scarce Meat
may be a
Blessmg
GiTt_r «=* the cnasce to try the
tnxnts£oca Taiiw of a complete
* TIJT THIS FOR BREAKFAST:
-I little Fruit,
A dish ef Grope- Nats cad Crec.-,
Two slices of Hard Tczsi,
A csp of kvf, wetl-tszde
.' •' Potiam Food CoSee.
That's ail, ard ycu*n _e*J clean and
well fe<_ until Iunc_.
TKEN RETEAT.
An2 for _ inztsr at nig*t bare plenty
cf nie_t and Tes^tafclea and a Grape-
c Nuts pudding.
Such a diet win ___e a charge ta
"yo-zr h*al_h and rtrensth worth a trial
"There's a reason.**
— 'crtTa x n^ M r. E9— -» 123. _«sic_:-
_TT_r> J ->^T_rij--rTjT_rvo-o.o^-^_^vft
GOING- 1 G-Q1NG- ! ! O ONE ! ! 1
WBTBK ill 1— f K. B V— K lii IB I O > 91 LBS R- -fgnng.
HEWBRO'S HERPICIDE i^^at-SSS
-.-y _t '--_-;'>•:•_' » J _^l --_¦«•- '.'•¦^•_ -¦¦¦-"_'-.¦ ¦ caw— .":.<-*«_ rtrc! T— krstec-ssn — _. ftrttt*
«8fiE^it_aiw»iTi imism! s^J^-Tp^wifS^ts:
T— • M_ a wt— i k__Mly fdans ~_t sM t_c— «t- — * ¦ _— af» — — — — — — _ L .: A Arf; fixral — — Jr trmS{.
* — ~ H.~*~""*~ ,l llTinl> — ¦>¦' ' Gtw - an Ii f il n wb-j . .Noousrir*.
¦ tg am. ti__ ft_< tac tfapi- iuimc ca, nx 1 B-wt B-u _r t —j_> ,
— pyx_ CATToara a? y_u?_ciar__rT _l_j tBut gjoys.
ADvi-KT-SE -V-X-VTSw
. v^^^"t _• § for Tnfant3 and Cnildren.
i A\e§-teI-2Rsp_f___sif_rA_-] 1 m
? si__at^__Fccdaad_e5i_3- 1 t% i #
j -^-eSto-edsaadBowglscf j m BeETS til8 _f |
—^r^T > I Signature //jy
Prcsiofes Df*Ktior*£h?erfu]- j a *f lA/^
? n2^_LT_I_sLtai____na___r ij r iC J? • i
I 0p_ua3fop-___» i_ ! r>__2__L .tj 01 _rf\ lj
j >"OT "X AH COTIC. Xi ff5 \\ «' fj
i Aovr^-*- "3 f\ I it a 1 I i
_~:_ff*a-»4_>* >¦ ; S 11 lit ""
Krw>Jt*d- ¦ 11 JLV 1
_______' S 5___ '3? .S-lw _^ * II
• "*t r V 1 __/» if Q P
i ApcfeclReir_c!yrcrCo__6pd- [M I R* UvU
non.Sc_rStcc2£h.Dia-Ttoea !tH I ll/
Wcrn_.Co^i_5acrt5 Joimsh- Pg I If P-m. Duau
ness ErfLoss of Sleep, g lOl UVui
j T_ i— _r— e SrJnetur- of i-jfe
I < m Thirtu Yparo
L_i y P v ? n _-^- —^.^ 1 II 1 1 iy iodlo
t-« ec— *— — =s««— irr. in ii>m «xtt.PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 22.—Follow
ing are the results of the races at Irv
ington: • -
First race, five furlongs, ceiling — Albemarle
won. Battdor second. Educate third. 'Time.
1:02%.
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Karabel
won, Vaughan second, Addle D third. Time,
1:03.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Landseer won, Rose ; of Hilo second, Vince
third. Time. 1:22%.
Fourth race/r. six furlongs, selling — Bummer
won, Misty' s Pride second. Redan third. Time,
Fifth race, nve and a half furlongs, selling—
Alice Carey won, Ths Pride second. ; Rosebud
third. Time.' 1:00%. .-
Sixth race, one mile, selling— -Budd Wads
won. Suburban Queen second. Northwest third.
Time, 1:42%;
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 22.— There is every
prospect that ' the . series of races to be
sailed off San Diego harbor to-morrow,
Wednesday and Thursday for the beau
tiful Lipton cup will be the greatest
yachting event of i the Pacific Coast.
The races are to be ...the first of con
tests which are to take place annually,
the yachts to be of the thlrty-foOt
class.
Six vessels have been entered. for the
races and the harbor to-dav Is gay
with the canvas of home and- visiting
yachts. The courses will lie off Coro
nado and preparations have been made
for a great crowd of people to view the
contests from Coronado Hotel.
The race to-morrow is to be over a
twelve-mile course, covering an equi
lateral triangle of two miles to the leg,
twice around. The start will be made
at a point off the pier near Hotel del
Coronado, > the first" leg lying to the
southeast, the second west by south
and- the third to the northeast, bring
ing the yachts before; the wind on the
homeward stretch. The yachts entered
are:
.Captain Folsom ; Marie,
Captain Wedgewood; Venus, Captain
H. Pease, all of the South Coast Yacht
Club; and Detroit, Captairr Gould, of
the San Diego Yacht Club, challengers;
and ; the two defenders, the Nacky,
BROOKLYN LOSES GAME
ON ST. LOTJIS DIAMOND
Defeated Team Plays Loosely, Fields i
Badly and Scores Only
. Two Runs.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) (American League )
W. L. Pet. w. L. Pet.
New York.. .73 30 .709 New York... 61 40 ,6<H
Chicago 65 40 .610 Boston -.62 42 .506
Plttsburg ...60 42 .BSS Chicago 63 43 3!H
Cincinnati ..63 4B .577 Philadelphia. 53 41 *5S6
3t. Louis ...68 60 ?'TOT Cleveland ...58 45 6M
Boston 41 68 .376 Detroit .....44 57 438
Brooklyn ...37 70 .346 St. fcouls ...40 50 *40t
Philadelphia. 28 70 .262 Washington.. 22 79 .218
j NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, August 22. — At the
first day's races of the American Auto
mobile Association at Glenville track
this afternon Earl Kisser," driving a
gasoline machine, broke two world's
records, one in the five-mile race, when
he made the last mile in 64 seconds
flat, and the second in a thrt/e-eight
cylinder machine race by making the
last mile in 52 4-5.
Earl Kisser Breaks Two World's Rec
ords at American Automobile As
sociation Races at Glenville.
SPEEDS A BOLE IN LESS
THAN FIFTY-THREE SECONDS
Owners of Thirty -Footers
Anxious to Compete for
. the Sir Thomas Lipton Cup
E. W. Darling, the self-styled
"nachur-man," was arrested yester
day afternoon by Policeman Robert
Connor for violating section 311 of the
Penal Code, which refers to the utter
ing: and distributing of obscene
literature. Last night the "freak
man" slept in the jail and not out
"dorz," as he advocates people should
do In his literature.
Darling:, who makes his livelihood
from the selling: of cards containing:
writings of his own, the words spelled
in an insane way, was distributing his
cards at the time of his arrest.
The "nachur-man" did not feed on
nuts and fruits, the prison-keepers
thrusting toward him black coffee and
a pan of mush for his . supper. He
seemed to take his incarceration
placidly. He will appear in court this
morning:. •> >.^
"NACHUR-MAN" SPENDS
NIGHT IN CITY PRISON
First race— W. R. Condon, Thomas
entry, James V.
Second race— Prince Chins, Thistle
Heather, Cottage Maid.
Third race— Diamond Flush, Jack
McKeon, Workman.
Fourth race — M ollie Brant, Claude,
McChesney.
Fifth race— Katie Caffrcy, Queen
Rose. Merces.
Sixth race— 'Keynote, James F, Andy
Williams.
Condition of the track.— Good.
Br Nsw York Morning T*l»graph.
6ARATOGA SELECTIONS.
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. 22.— In the
national tournament to-day W. A.
Lamed, the national thamplon, beat
Beals C. Wright. 6-1, 6-0, 6-3. W. J.
Clothier beat A. F. Bell, the Pacific
Coast champion, 6-3, 7-5, 6-3.
National Tennis Tournament.
First race — Ollie Burnett, Jack
Moran, Dresden.
Second race— Bride, Tristan Shandy,
Crescerton.
Third race— Extol, Little Corker,
Snnctissima. • ';..,'
Fourth race — Old Stone, Jack
Younjr, Harmakis.
Fifth race — Aggie Lewis, First At
tempt, Lady Strathmore.
Sixth race— *Jerry Hunt, Lady Fonse,
Kitty G.
Condition of the track — Heavy.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— The following
are the entries for to-morrow's races
at Saratoga:
First race, six furlongs, handicap — Reliable
13S, .Lady Amelia 127, Proper 121. James V
119, Cloten 110, Dick Bernard 100, Marjoram
105 Toacan 104, W. R. Condon 103, King Pep
per 1C2, Little Johnson 100. Missing Link »0.
Second raoe, one mile, handicap — Shorthose
120. Virgin Soil 110. Petit Matte 107, Prince
Ching 10C Thistle Heather lOtt. Cottage Maid
10:». Hoodwink 100, Wild Pirate 100, Silver
foot 1)8.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — One
Way 112, Derry 112, Sir Ralph 112, Workman
112 Jack McKeon 112, Incense 109, Diamond
Flush 1W, Lochlnvar 107.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, the
Champlain handicap — McChesney 125. Molly
Brant 122, Dolly Spanker 107. Claude 107,
Reservation 102, Hello 102, Dalesman 100.
Fifth race, five and a half furlontrs, fillies,
maidens — Charadllla 110. Merces 110, Katie
Cuffrey 110, Linda Rosa 110, Fair Reveller 110,
Rose Mary Kane 110, Otsego 110, Queen' Rosa
110.
i Sixth race, one and an eighth miles on turf
— Keynote 108. Homestead 100. Andy Williams
111 James F 108. Hymettus 106, Jane Holly
106 Flexion 103, The Messenger 98.
Seventh race, special, steeplechase — Head
Master 153. Dayleoford 153, Seagull 140.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
YACHTS READY
FOR THE RACES
' By Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Big Beach, Kate Zitt,
T020.*"*
Second race — Orfeo, Mary McCnf
ferty, Muresca,
Third race— Gloriosa, Havlland,
Bellarlo.
Fourth race— Wenrlck, Alma Du
four, Klelnwood. . .,.
Fifth race — Clifton Forge, Big Ben,
Ahola.
Sixth race— Flaxman, John Smnl
ski, Moorish Damsel.
Condition of the track — Slow.
+ — — -+
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse— Clifton Forge
105, Ahola 107. Goal Runner 109, Americano
112, BlK Ben 114.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Pirabella 100.
Moorish Damsel 100. Subtle 100. Kllngman
103, John Smulekl 115, Flaxman 113.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— The following
are the entries for to-morrow's races
at Hawthorne:
First race four and a half furlongs — Ravi
ana 110. Bonebrake 110, Kate Zitt 110, Rain
witch 110. Edrodun 110. Dixie Andrews 110,
Big Beach 113, Togo 113.
Second race, bIx furlongs, selling — Mureeca
87 Sir Hugh 99. Josette 102, Mary McCafferty
102, Barkelmore 103, Fleuron 103, Orfeo 104,
Harney 107.
Third race, one mile celling — Watermelon 92,
Nannan 90, Marco 88, Royal Pirate 93, Glori
osa 98. Robin Hood 102. Wing Dance 10.1,
Havlland 108, Tom Hall 106, Bellarlo 103.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell-
Ing — Excentral 07, Artifice 07, Great Eastern
KG, Plautus 104, Alma Dufour 105, Klelnwood
108 Wenrlck 113. '
ENTRIES AT HAWTHORNE.
Third race, one mile and seventy yard*. sell-
Ing—North Wind 112. Branch II 109, Worth
lngton 109, Pyrrho 109, Carley's Dream 107,
Avoid 105. Secundus 104, Billy Moore 101, Vul
caln-102. Little Corker 102. Extol 100, Feronta
100, Sanctisslma 100, Battled 87.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap—Old Stone 106, Jack Young 104, Taby
Tosa 101, Harmakis 09.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Catherine Knox 101.
Lady Haabrouck 301, Maghonl 101, Kiss Quick
101. Detest 101, Aline S 101, Mrs. Grannan 101,
First Attempt 101. Santa Ventura 101, Lady
Strathmore 101, Fannette 100, Lyrist 100, Bush
Smith 100, Aggie Lewis 100.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Laura Hunter 109, Lansdown 108, Benson
hurst 107, King's Charm 106, Crime 100, Jerry
Hunt 105. Velasquez 104. Sol Smith 100, Howl
lnjr Dervish 00, Dr. Scharff 99, Kitty O 87,
Athelrose 07. Mordello 95, Lady Fonse 90.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 22.— The entries for
the races at the Fair Grounds to-mor
row are as follows:
First race, five furlongs, maidens^ — Platt 106,
S Y K 108, Angleta 103. A Prince 100. Dromlo
103, Ollle Burnett 100, Bradwarlln 100. Bava
rian 100. Kitty Belle Brooks 100. Fay Sharp
100. Jack Moran 100, Dresden 100, Verandah
100, Ills Worship 100.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Swart Plet 107, Crescerton 107. Burke Coch
ran 10K. Lacache 104. D'Arcy 104. Lovable 102.
Lady Felix 102. Tristan Shandy 100, Topsotl
99. St Agnes II 9S, Tuckapaw 97. Hazel H 97.
Burrows 07. Bride 90.
ST. IX)UIS ENTRIES.
AXGEXS ARE DEFEATED.
Portland Scores One More Run Than
Team From South.
PORTLAND. Aug. 22. —Iberg had '
the Angela under good control to-day
and the 4 to 3 score put the Webfoot
ers' percentage at 500 for the first
time this year. Thg score:
Portland— Los Angeles—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.U. H. P.A.
Spncr,2b 4 O 1 3 1 Brnrd.cf 4 12 2 1
Jlurly.lb 4 13 8 1 Flo«<1.2!>. 3 O O .1 2
Drnan.ef 3 0 2 2 fiiSmith.Sb. 4 1115
Beck.3b.. 4 1111 i'ravth.rf 3 O 2 1 >>
Castro.rf 3 12 2 0;Chase.lb 4 0 2 8 t
navmd.s 3 0 0 3 SlToman.s.' 2 0 0 4 .1
Naaau.lf 4 118 lHoss.lf... 4 110 0
Shca.c... 2 0 0 5 OiEayar.c. 4 0 18 4
Ibers.p... 2 0 0 0 r.Uaum.p.. 3 0 10 3
Totals.29 4 10 2T It' Totals.31 3 10 Z\ 19
RUNS AND HITS ET INNINGS.
Portland 2 0 O 2 O O O 0 z— 4
Base hits 40231000 x—ID
Lr» Angeles ....0000120 0 0 — I
Bass hits 0 1 0 1 3 3 0 1 1—10
. SCMMABr.
'Error* —Spencer. Castro. Nadeau, Flood 2.
Toman. Ross. Struck out —By Iberg A by
Baum. 8. Earned runs —Portland 2. Stolen
base*—Beck, Chase 2. Raymond. Drpnnan.
Ha.ses on balls—OS Baum 3. Two-bai* hits
Hurley, Drennan. Castro. Sacrlnc* hits —
Ca.otro. Flood. Toman. Double plays—Toman
to Eagar to Smith to Cigar to Flood: Ray
mond to Hurley. L«:t on bases —Portland «,
Los Angeles 5. Hit by pitched ball —By Baum.
Time of game —1 hour ,and 50 minutes. Urn
pires^—McCarthy and McDonald.
* J.
'
also fielded In championship fashion. YTaiIac«
played brilliantly for St. Louis. Attendance.
14,700. Bcore:
First game— R. H. E.
Boston 8 13 0
St. Louis 0 7 8
Batt?r!ea — Tonng and Crlger. O!ad« and
Su;den.
Second game— R. H. E.
Boston S 5 3
St. Louta 0 a I
Batteries—Gibson and Farrttl. How«n aa4
O'Connor.
PHILADELPHIA. Aur. 22.—Good pitching
mad* run-g«tting difficult to-day. Ths hom*
team won from Cleveland by thr«* timely hita
In ths seventh inning. Lajoie was sent to ths
brnch for disputing a decision. Atteadaac*.
10,000. Score:
Cleveland ......................... X • 1
Philadelphia 8 lft 3
Batteries — Rhode* and Bemla. Plank *nA
Powfra.
KFAV YORK. Aug. 22. —After mairtag a wild
throw In the eighth, which let In two rnaa to-
Uay. Powell won his own gam* la ths last
Inning bv knocking out a triple and scoring
on Dougherty'* slnjle. Attendance, T100.
Score:
R. a r.
Chicago .».._..... 8 T 3
New York 4 8 1
Batteries —Smith and McFariand. Pw»r*U aad
Klelnow.
OAKLAND, «Vug. 22. — "I wish the
fight vu set for to-night Instead of
Friday night, for the way I feel now
X could fight like a fiend," said Cham
pion James J. Jeffries this morning,
after nearly two hours of hard work
is the Reliance Club gymnasium.
The big fellow's appearance bore out
Ills words, for, although dripping with
perspiration, the champion did n3t
draw a long breath, nor in any way
chow that he felt the effect of his ex
ercise.
A big crowd of local sports appeared
at the club this morning in the hope
of seeing Jeffries don the gloves, but he
did no boxing, confining his work to
the gymnasium In the morning and
going for a run in the afternoon. He
finished the day by rowing a heavy
boat on Lake Merritt for more than
an hour.
The bJg champion apparently gives
no thought to the approaching contest,
for during the time he spent in the
"gym" this morning he was full of fun,
end talked of everything except the
fight.
"Maybe you think this cool weather
don't feel pood after the heat up at
Harbin," said Jeff. "Why. I could keep
at work all day and then never know
1 had been doSne anything. I've been
et It for mors than an hour now, and
I'm Just beginning to get warmed up."
With these words the champion
Jumped up and started after Eugene
Van Court, chasing him around the
Frymnasium until Van picked up a club
p.nd turned to do battle. "Oh, well, if
that's the way you feel about it,""
growled the champion, "I'll take it out
of something that won't fight back."
End with this he went at the punching
bat
This finished the morning's work and,
after a ehower and a rubdown, Jeffries
tock it easy until 4 o'clock, when he
started out on the road, accompanied
by Van Court, who rode a bicycle. He
went around Lake Merritt by way of
th«» cemetery and Pleasant Valley road
and came bark along the Scenic boule
vard. After his run he got the heaviest
boat he could find and rowed around
the lake. A sprint to the club and a
rubdown completed the day's work, and
Jeff Joined his wife at the hotel and
went to the Gas Kitchen for supper.
Billy Delaney Is letting the cham
pion work about as he pleases, but he
B£id to-n$gt:t that Jeff would do some
boxing: to-morrow morning. As Jeff
offered no objection, it is probable that
Brother Jack and Joe Kennedy will
c itch it in the morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 22.— In one
of the fiercest and most hotly contested
polo games ever played on the Baclfic
Coast, and one which will go down as
the most sensational in the history of
the game here, the Santa Barbara polo
team defeated the crack Burlingame
four this afternoon by a score of 5 to
L Fully 2000 persons witnessed the
game and went wild when the gong
sounded in the last period, closing the
game with a one-sided score.
"It was one of the fastest and most
cleanly played games I ever saw or
took part in in my whole polo experi
ence," said J. O. Tobin, the crack Bur
lingame player, after the game, "and I
want to say right here that we were
fairly and squarely outplayed in almost
every point of the game. Santa Bar
bara played some of the best team
work I ever saw and the individual
play of the men was also very bril
liant."
The field this afternoon presented a
sight that will be remembered for
many a day. Smart traps, automo
biles and every other form of convey
ance surrounded the field on the west
side, north and southeast sides, and the
commodious grand stand was filled to
overflowing with interested spectators.
The teams faced each other as follows:
Santa Barbara— J. I* Colby, No. 1; R.
C. Rogers, No. 2; E. A. Boeseke, No. 3;
Dr. E. J. Boeseke, back.
Burlingame— R. M. Tobln, No. '1;
Cyril Tobin, No. 2: T. A. Driscoll, No.
3; J. O. Tobin, back.
Santa Barbara won the toss and
chose to defend the upper goal. Right
at the start it was apparent that both
teams were out for the hardest game
ever seen on the local field and that
the, players had forgotten their per
sonality entirely in order to get the
best results as a team. "Whenever a
ball was lined out for a run a white
man and a blue could be seen going
down the field together, the team work
of both clubs being almost perfect.
Burlingame took a brace and in the
last part of the first period things
looked very blue for the home team.
During the first half of the game
the sky had . taken on a threatening
aspect and several drops of rain had
fallen and when the teams lined up
for the third quarter it was raining
hard. This period proved Burlingame's
Waterloo, for Santa Barbara started
to force matters from the first. After
some hot work around the goal Colby
finally sent the ball through. Score:
Santa Barbara, 2; Burlingame, 0.
The locals certainly had their scoring
clothes on at this period. Dr. Boeseke
and E. A. Boeseke contributing to the
grand total in the order named.
JOHX M WINS PURSE.
Takes the 2:07 Pace in Straight Heats
i at Meadrllle.
MEADVIL/LE, Mass., Aug. 22.— The
Grand Circuit meeting at the Meadville
track opened to-day with the largest
attendance known on the opening day.
Summary:
2:07 pace, purse $4000, two In three — John M
won two etralght heats in ":#3>;. 2:05. Natb
Strauss, Suffrel. Pan Michael. AntdroBla, Cas
cade and Allerson also started.
2:15 pacj, purjw $1000, two in three— Belle
Star won two straight heats in 2:0»H, 2:07?i.
Rofewood. Bessie Abott, Dewey, Fuz2y and
S«-iba also otarted.
The BlueblU, 2:30 trot, purse $5000, three In
five — Alexander won three straight heats In
2:09%. 2:09',4. 2:10U. Luzon Hero. John Cald
weii, Texas, Jolly Bachelor. Ruth C and A.
Penna also started.
2:20 trot, purse $1000, two In three — Bonnie
Russell won two straight heats In 2:10%,
2:14V«. Hydrastine. Delmar, Zambia, Bernado,
Cas6lo C. and Kyrilllc also started.
* ¦!•
Angeles with Tim McGrath arid the
Safflnaw Kid. Twin is booked to play
an engagement for twenty rounds
with Dave Sullivan.
BIG MIXER WILT; RKST.
Mauls His Sparring Partners for the
Last Time.
To-day Jack Munroe will don the
ploves for the last time before the big
fight. Yesterday afternoon he wound
up his heavy work with a rush. After
two rounds with Kid McCoy for prac
tice In footwork he faced Harry Foley.
Kid McCoy wig-wagged' "go it" and
the miner batted Foley all around the
room.
Harry Chester was the next victim.
When Munroe came at him he longed
for a cyclone or something gentle. Mr.
A. Gallagher followed. The miner,
remembering that a long rest was due,
finished strong. Andy was groggy
when the round was over.
This morning Jack will go it a little
with Harry Chester and McCoy. After
that he wiil spend his time listening
t© the sad sea waves and the advice of
the Kid. The camp is jubilant over
Munroe's condition and his showing
of yesterday. ,.>; .
Eddie Hanlon said that Munroe had
made remarkable Improvement Spi
djer (Greenway) Kelly and the Sac
ramento baseball team watched the
miner work.
Twin Sullivan left yesterday for Los
Earned runs— SaatU* S. Two-bass htts—
Hall. Delehanty. Frisk. Eacrlfico hits—Moh
ler, Delehanty 2, Blankensnip. Hufhea, Dun
leavy. Stolen bases — Frisk, Smith. Hit by
pitched ball — Hughes. Basea on balls— Ofl
Hughes 4. off Buchanan 0. Struck out — By
Hughes 4. Double play — Wilson to Mohler.
Time of game — One hour and 33 mlnutas. L"m»
Birs — Brown.
Eeattle 2 O221Ol«s— J
Base hlU 1 0 2 3 3 0 3 0 x— 3
Oakland 0 00000000—0
liass bits 2 1110 0 0 0 1— •
StTMiiARY.
Total? 32 8 127 12 [ Total* 32 0 « 24 •
RUN'S AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Aug. 22. — Oakland tried
hard to-day to make It four to thre«
games on the present series, but Seattle
struck her gait and won with hands
dt/wn. Jay Hughes was in th© box for
Seattle. Six safa taps with th« stick
was all Jay gave and he kept them
separated. •
Nine hits. Including three two-bag
gers, were made off Buchanan. The
score:
Seattle-- . Oakland—
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. F.A.
VnHn.cf 5 2 10 1 FrncVm 4 0 118
Mohlr.2b 4 2 14 2 Ganly.rf 4 0 12 0
Dhnty,3b 2 0 10 OfDnlvy.lf 3 0 110
Frisk. If 4 2 2 1 0 fh!f!y.2b 3 0 0 2 1
Bknsp,lb 3 0 18 1 Krugr.cf -40050
Smith, rf 4 0 1 2 0 Streib.lb 4 0 1 10 1
Hall. ¦• 4 1 1 3 2|Dvrx. 8b 4 0 1 2 2
Wll9on.o 4 117 2!Byrne. o 4 • 1 1 1
Hugnes.p 2O01 6 Bucha. p 3 0 9 0 1
8k m (c h^hw I 2ite by ..^ff! 1 !?- Ladjr Lyon "' ,
Berendos. 102 (F\ Sullivan) .../.'."""""" 2
Pctentla, 102 (Bozeman) |
Time. 1:16. Fill, d'Or Botany. Thorndale.
Messier. Nick Carter and Derby Winner also
ran.
*%?£: 1ST <£nde^n?^. J .°° M - 8hMt * »
Gosjiper. ch t. by Colonel Wh«eier-Conl
fldante. 108 (Bozernan) j
Ce ! er *"' 5 h^ c - bjr M **«>. 108 (Hobart) ..'.".'.*. 8
Time. 1:02%. Abby A, Glenflrnan and Cfceat
nut also ran.
THIRD RACE — Running; three-year-olds
and up that have not won two races- nurse
$225; six furlongs :
N 2T tn . F .°JZ' £ h - *• by Commercial Tra*eler-
Reel, 112 (Bozexnan) 1
Tl £ k ,?£ c & b ' * • by Imp - FrUr Tuckliiiy
R, 112 (Desmond) a
Zenonian. b. g. by Montana-Hanna Moori,
106 (Hobart) ; •
Time. 1:15%. Dr. Blrdmll. Nakank* * Samar.
Or a ay d Mo£ feTt'. ***' ° """^ " *"»'*¦
SECOND' RACE— Trotttnjr. 2:30 claas; mile
heats, three In flto; purae $300:
Morosco. br. g. by Way land W-Lady
Moore (Cabney) 8 111
Mlllbrae, b. a. by Prince Airlle-Fear
less (McEvery) 122*»
"Walter Wilkes. blk. g. by Sable
Wllkes-Patchen Vernon (Groom) 2 3 4 w
Erosmont. br. h. by Eros-Franclaca.
(Chabaya) 4 4 3 W
Royal Dame and Monocrat also started.
Time— 2:1614. 2:16H. 2:23%, 2:32^4.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 22,— A rather
light card was put forward for the
opening of the State Fair. race meeting
to-day, the only event approaching
class being the Occident stake for
three-year-old trotters, which devel
oped into a contest that delighted the
admirers of harness racing. It took
seven heats to decide the stake, the
heavy end of which went to W. G.
Durfee's Almaden, which took the
last three heats after the others liad
come back to his notch.* It was a
bruising race with heats badly split
between Marvin Wilkes. the favorite,
Carlokin and the winner.
The second race, a trot for the 2:30
class, went to Morosco, the favorite. In
three heats, after the Judges had fined
Cabney, his driver, *50 for not trying
to win the first heat. All pools sold in
the mutuel boxes on this heat were
declared off.
Royal Dame, a local mare, was an
added starter in this race, but was
withdrawn after the first heat, as was
Monocrat. The gallopers were an in
different lot and the racing they pro
vided was not exciting. The track
looked hard and fast, but no fast time
was made.
A hot tip was sent out on Zenobia
for the third race, but North Pole,
a horse which raced well at Seattle,
ran over his field and the much-touted
Zenobia was necked out for the place
by Tuck Back.
Celeres was played to win the flve
furlong spin for two-year-olds and
would have made good had he got off
well. He was practically left. at the
post, but showed a great burst of
speed, running to the show. Edge
cliffe, the favorite, beat the barrier
and was never headed, beating Gos
slper, which had been second all the
route, by half a length. Skirmish won
the final event, a selling affair, at six
furlongs. She got off well and made
her run through the stretch, winning
handily, Berendos beating Potentla for
the place, by a narrow margin.
. What little betting was dons to-day
was confined to the auction and mu
tuel pool boxes, the State Fair direc
tors having determined to bar ths
bookmakers this year. Of late years
It has been impossible to make an
open ring and the syndicate book has
had full sway. So general was the
complaint against the syndicate by
reason of the "tight" book made that
the directors decided to experiment
with auction and mutuel pools, after
the method of many years ago.
The light play to-day and the small
returns to the directors on percentage
may Induce them to put the books on
under some arrangement with Chase
& Co., who have the pooling privilege.
The pavilion opened to-night with
a ribbon parade given In the horse
show oval by the Sacramento Driving
Club. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Trottln*; Occident Stake;
total value, $11103; mile heats, three la five:
Almaden. blk c. b¥ Direct-Rose
McKlnney (W. O. Durfee) 4 4 8 2 111
Marvin Wilkes, b. c. by Don
Jlarvin-Xora (Martin) 12 4 14 2 2
Carlokin, b. c. by McKlnney-
Carlotta Wilkes (Hogoboom). .. 2 1 1 4 2 S 8
Neergard. br. f. by Neernut-Al
cola (Brooks) •. 8 3 2 8 4 w
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Crowd Visits the Keliance
Club, but Fails to See Any
Stunt With the Gloves
Zenobia. Who Was Tipped to
Carry Off a Purse, Fails
to Land for His Backers
Siwashes Swat the Ball and
t Score Eight Kuns, While
Opponents Make Goose Eg£
Spectators Aroused to En
thusiasm by Great Display
of Skill .-Made by Athletes
EVENTS AEE EXCITING
Time. 2:11 2-5 (no practical time). Start fair.
Won driving. Winner, H. T. Griffin's ch. c.
by Masetto-Manzanlta II. Palm Reader,
Briar Thorpe, Irascible, Lady Potentate, The
Messenger and Agnes D finished as named.
(Colors could not be distinguished, owing to
heavy rain.)
SIXTH RACH9 — Mile and a quarter; selling;
thre«?-v«ar-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1— Conk] Ing. 101 (Lee) 1 ... lh
8 to 1— Garnlsh.8C (W.Hennessy) 6 ... 26
10 to 1 — Tantalus Cup,116 Cochrn) 8 ... 3 h
•Disqualified.
Time, I:u9 2-5. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, A. Miller's b. c. by Kingston-I^dy
Gay. Linda Lee, Gold Fleur, Roundelay,
Agent. Palm Tree, Oxford, The Doctor* St.
Aubyn, Sachem and Dan K finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — live and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds and up: . >
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Dazzle. 110 (Hildebrnd) 2 2 1 ,1 l»i
6 to 1— Raiment, 110 (Odom)... 1 4 1%2 l>-i
200 to 1— »Prln. Erls, 107 (Mchls) 3 1 h 8 h
FOURTH RACE— One mile; the Amsterdam
selling stakes; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 2— De Reszke, 104 (HUdebr) 4 1 h 1 >4
6 to 1 — Bobadil, 90 t Sperling). .. 8 4 l',J! 8
16 to 8 — Gay Eoy. 108 (O'Neill).. 2 3 h CO
Time, 1:42. Start fair. Won driving. Wln
n«r. M. L Hayman's br. h. by Lamplighter-
Serene. Virgin Soil, : Elliott. Old Kngland.
Gr<v?n Crest and Easy Street finished as
named.
Time. 1:16. Start good. Won easily. • Win
ner, E. R. Thomas' ch. e. by St. Gatlen-
Bpllane. Amberjack. Sufferance, Mirthless,
Mlstiss, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; two-year
olds; handicap: *
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 5— St. Bellane. 116 (Hlldebd) 2 2h 13
4 to 1— Councilman. 117 (O'Neill) 3 12 23
9 to C — Cigar Lighter.] 12 (Odom) 1 3 1 3 1
SECOND RACE— About two miles; four
year-olds and up; steeplechase handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
S to 1— Royelle. 140 (Veitch) 2 4 15
16 to 1— Librette. 131 (Bernhardt) 3 2 V, 2 1»£
8 to 5— Cock Robin, 140 (Baker). 4 1 h 3^
Time. 4:11. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mr. Chamblefs br. g. by Hermence-Vlavis.
Daylesford also ran.
SARATOGA, Aug. 22.— Messrs. John
W. Gates and John A. Drake differed
in their opinions to-day as to which
was the better horse in the Amsterdam
Selling stake and the outcome appeared
to indicate Gates' judgment to be the
better, as his selection, De Reszke,
won, while Drake's colt, Bobadjl. which
he thought would win, ran second —
but so strong a second that many con
sidered him the better horse when they
saw how "poorly Bobadil got away aa
compared with De Reszke.
The Amsterdam stake was a hard
fought contest in its early stages. Old
England being the pacemaker at the
end of four and a half furlongs, after
which he fell out of it, partly due to
some interference, which also forced
GBy Boy's rider, O'Neill, to take him out
wide to escape the trouble. Virgin Soil
led into the stretch and appeared to
have an excellent chance at one time,
but, being on the inside, where the
going was heavier than on other parts
of the course, she was beaten at the
last furlong pole. This filly won the
Amsterdam Selling stake last year.
Summary: .
FIRST RACE: — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 1— Ishlana. 90 (Sperling)... 1 12 I 3\<,
11 to 10— Monte Carlo. 108 (Wish) 4 2 1!£2 4
7 to 1— Norbury. 108 (Wonderly)lO 10 3 3
Time 1 :27 3-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. J. A. Drake's b. f. by St. Gatlen-
Darlne. Courtmaid. Canajoharie. Elsie L, Tol
San. Foxy Kane. Cottage Maid, Sals, finished
aa named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time, 1:10 4-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S. W. Street & Co.'b ch. g. by St. Leon
ards-Indifference. Sjambok 102; Cyprlenne 103,
Berry Waddell 104. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Careless. 104 (Nicol) 2 1 1%1 3
1' to 2— Ida Davis. 110 (Mountain) 8 8 1 2 n
0 to G— Katie Powers. 110 (Hlgon) 1 2 n 8 6
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Bettlnr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5— Stroller. 107 (Nicol) 3 1 1V41 n
0 to 1— Gloriosa. 302 (Sobell) 1 3 2%2 2
10 V 1— Great Kastern. 88 (OregT) 2 2 h 3 Vi
Time, 1:48 2-5. Ktart pood. Won easily. Win
ner, W. T. Drinkworth's br. g. (4) by Orna
ment-Promenade. jD'Hagen 100, Langford
James 87, finished as named.
Time, 1:113-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. E. Durnell's b. c. by Rough and
Ready-Mistral. Florentine 115. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; Test Stakes:
Bettine. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10 — Flaxman, 111 (Prior)... 3 lh In
25 to 1— No Trumper, 111 (Hlgsn) 1 3 h 2 n
Cto 5^-Ram's Horn, 113 (Nicol) 2 '2'S »4
Time, 1:17 1-5. Start good. Won- easily.
Winner. B. Corrigan's b. f. (3) by Bermuda-
AUegra. Sweet Tone lOfi. Marco 90, Fading
Light <>7, Llda Lelb 05, Plautus 102, Ayr 07.
Acnes Brennan 05.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Sweetie. 105 (H«nry)...". 9 B V, 1 2&
11 to 2— Soulriere. 112 (Miller)... 4 8 4 ¦ 2 n
» to 1 — The Forum, 102 (Lawr) 6 4 1%3 1
Time, 2:f.5. Start cood. Won eaaliy. Win
ner, W. M. Walker's b. g. (») by Grayson-
Willle Stiff. Nitrate 145. King Galong 127.
Oliver Mac 159, Charawlnd 165, finished as
nimed.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase; short course;
haiidicnp; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. SL % Fin.
13 to 2— Weird. 1F2 (Pemberton). 2 1 1^1 1H
5 to 2— Handvlce. 150 (Peters).. 4,8 2 2 2
>J to 1 — Kvander. 127 (Monahan) 1 2^39
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— The Test stakes
at five and a half furlongs for two
year-olds was the feature of the card
at Hawthorne to-day. Speculation was
evenly divided between Flaxman and
Ram's Horn, the former finally closing
a slight favorite. To a perfect start
the two favorites raced like a team to
the head of the stretch, where Flax
man showed his head in front, with
No Trumper a like distance in front of
Ram's Horn. In a desperate drive of
the three, they remained in this order
to the wire, each slightly ' increasing
his lead over the next horse.
Jockey Henry landed two winners for
Corrigan to-day] Besides winning with
Orfeo in the first race, he also landed
Sweetie in the third, after riding a per
fect race on the filly.
Ttte track was heavy, the weather
clear and cool and a good Monday
crowd was out. Summary:
PIRSTxRACEy— Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
u to 2— Orfeo, 10U (Henry) 5 3 2%1 2
!> to 2 — Bummer II, 107 (Morrn) 4 5 0 2 h
15 to 2— Ethel Wheat,109 (Oregar) 2 2 h 3 o
Time. 1:30 4-6. Start tood. Won easily.
Winner, E.- Corrlgan's b. g. (4) by Orslna-
Moonlit. Tom May bin 107, Tarn O'Shanter 109,
Hudson 101, Jove lti finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time, 1:57%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, II. Robinson's ch. h. (8) by Prince of
Monaco-La Farondelle. Northwind 105. Trap
setter !<•>, Alcom R 89, Varna Fonso S3, Dollnda
til. Rolling Boer 102, finished as named. ,»
SIXTH RACE — One mil* and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting-. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Pierce J. 100 (Williams). 5 2 6 12
4 to 1— Athena. 91 (Rice).. 6 43 28
10 to 1— Freeslas. 87 (Reims) 8 3b 8 1
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Broodier. 104 (Undsey). . .1 14 1 h
6 to 1— Mainspring. 103 (Rice)... 7 8 1 2 2
3 to 1— Nettie Regent, 97 (Wlms) 6 2 6 8 2
Time, 2:00%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, R. W. Marks A Cc%'» ch. g\ (5) by
Service-Miss Baker. Hucena 97. Miss Eon 10O,
First One 07. John McGurlc 90, Galolt 97. fin
ished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; thr«e-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 0 — Harmakls, 103 (Rice) 8 3 8 In
5 to 2— Autumn Leaves, 100 (Lnsy) 2 2 4 2 n
2 to 1— Old Stone, 107 (Howell). . . 1 In 3 15
Time, 1:16%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, O'Neall & E pan's ch. e. (3) by Albert-
Montvale. Bugler 90, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Tada, 108 (Anderson) 2 14 13
60 to 1 — Lady Mercury. 100 (Yung) 4 2 1 2 6
11 to 0— Prln. Orna, 105 (Austin) 13 6 3 15
Time. .1:11%. S tort good. Won easily. Win
ner. S. C. Hildreth's b. c. by Odd Fellow-
Nellie Mack. Plqu« 100. Hadrian 108. finished
aa named.
SECOND RACS— Six furlong*; two-year old*
and ub:
Bettine. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6tol— T. Shandy. 112 (Troxler).. 4 lno 110
3 to 1— Miss Powell, 80 (Shaffner) 0 2 2 2 3
6 to 1— Preventatlve. 83 (Rice)... 8 4 4 8 2
Time, V1SH- Start good. Won easily.
Winner. C. Trotter"* br. g. (3) by Tristan-Long
Maid. Oudon 115, Suave US. Sol Smith 115,
Inflammable • 80, Mayor Carpenter. 107, Iloceo
105, finished as named.
ST. -LOUIS, Aug. 22. — Harmakis ran
to his beat form In the feature event
to-day and came away at' the end,
beating Autumn Leaves in the closing
strides'. Favorites and outsiders div
ided the card. The weather was clear
and the track sloppy. Attendance, 4000.
Summary:
FIRST . RACE — Four and a. half furlongs;
two-year-old» : *¦?
Betting;. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Sweet Swaar. 103 (Lnday) 2 4 4 12
6 to 1— Stella M, 105 (Rice) 3 23 28
5 to 1— Korea. 110 (Austin).. .,. 8 6 2 3 1V4
Time.' :68. Start ¦ fair. / Won easily. Win
ner, O. V. Hume*& Son'a ch. f. by The Friar-
Franconla. Nepenthe 110. Pharmacy 103, Lady
Sellers 100, Sonya. 105, Wakeful 110. Telephone
Bells 108. Aspatla 90, Media Jane 105. Hello
Girl 105. Plunderer 110, Chansonett* 110. fin
ished as named.
Special Dii patch to The Call.
SPORTS DISAPPOINTED
GAME HOTLY CONTESTED
BUCHAXAX HIT FEEELY
Champion Works Hard for
Two Hours in the Gym
nasium Without a Pause
Crack Polo Team Goes Down
to* Defeat Before Players
From the Sunny Southland
Jay Hughes Hands a Keal
Warm Bunch to Men Wear
ing Uncle Peters Uniform
Harmakis Beats
Autumfn Leaves
in Handicap.
Defeats the Field in Sen
sational Contest Between
Trotters at Sacramento Fair
Hawthorne's Test
Stakes Won by
Flaxman.
Virgin Soil Gives
the Winner an
Argument.
COOL WEATHER
SUITS JEFFRIES
SARATOGA'S FEATURE EVENT CLOSELY
CONTESTED EVERY FOOT OF THE WAY
BURLINGAME
FOUR IS BEATEN
ALMADEN WINS
A GREAT RACE
SEATTLE WINS
FROM OAKLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL), TUE5DAY, AUGUST 23/1901.
DE RESZKE WINS THE AMSTERDAM SELLING STAKES IN DRIVING FINISH
Captain Moore, and Estrella,, Captain
Sanders, bothof the Corinthian Yacht
Club of San Diego.
BOSTOX. '.Aug. ¦ ; 22. — Boston worked up Into
second place by shutting out St. Louis twice
to-day. Both contests were won by bard,
timely hitting- and eltestlve pitching. Boston
Batteries — Taylor and Grady. Marvin and
Bergt-u. . Umpires— Moran and Carpenter.
. CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— Boston won to-day's
game, which was poorly played on both sides
bases en balls, wild pitches and errors scoring
most oJ the runs. Attendance, 32C0. Score:
- . R. H. E.
Chicago , 5 0 >>-3
Boston 7 7 4
Batteries — Brown and Kilns; Willis and Mar
shall. Umpire— Zlmmer.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. ,22.— St. Louis won from
Brooklyn this . afternoon 13 to 2. The game
was loosely- played. Brooklyn fielding badly
Taylor pitched a first-class game for St. Louis
Attendance. 2S0O. Score:
' , R. H. E.
St. Louis .,..¦*. i;{ 14 4
Brooklyn 2 5 2
In line with the suit commenced
last week by the Southern Pacific and
its "connecting lines to. prevent- the
ticket brokers from dealing* in cut rate
transportation- for the two big con
ventions which are coming- to San
Francisco next month the Santa Fe
yesterday began t wo suits for injunc
tion and got a temporary restraining
order against A. Ottlnger and other
brokers. The" two Santa Fe suits spe
cif y t the excursions • ahead for the
Grand , Lodge of Odd Fellows and the
Triennial Conclave,- Knights "Templar,
the latter being the first to meet here
in September. ¦
Santa Fe Enjoins Scalpers.
Money talks, but, that of a miser
doesn't znakaaztravasrant speeches.
Albemarlo Wins First Event.
10
AD VERTlSETklfcLN TS.
. Altoona, Pa., June 20, 1903.
I was afflicted with Tetter In bad shape.
It would appear in blotches as large as my
hand, a yellowish color, and scale off.
You can imagine how offensive it was.
For twelve years I was afflicted with this
trouble. At night it was a case of scratch
and many times no rest at all. Seeing the
good the medicine was doing a fnend
who was taking it for Eczema, I com-
menced it, and as a result the eruption be-
gan to dry up and disappear, and to-day
1^ am practically a well man. Only two
tiny spots are left on the elbow and shin,
where once the whole body .was affected.
I have every confidence in the medicine,
and feel sure that in a short time these
two remaining spots will disappear.
S. S. S. is certainly a great blood puri-
fier, and has done me a world of good.
I am grateful for what it has accom-
plished, and trust that what I have said
will lead others who are similarly afflict-
ed to take the remedy and obtain the
same good results that I have.
125 East Fifth Ave. Johij F. T,ka».
While washes, soaps, salves and powders
relieve temporarily, they do not reach the
real cause of the disease. The blood must
; be purified before the cure is permanent.
S.S.S. contains no potash, arsenic or min-
eral of any description, but is guaranteed
Sjgf&s jdfifffo pt^ly vegetable.
ffil HI on the skin and its
\Bxk tcL diseases, which is
mailed free. Oui
&$$} Cggy about their case.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga
ApyiBjrnsEaiENTS.
HAIL TO MENI
Even unto old age yon may feel the rigor of youth, with its light
heirt, clastic step, courage and tireless energy. You. may be free
from pains and aches and defy your years.'
There Is a fountain of perpetual yenta.
.- 'Y.-]r- .-'.' »n* you have only to reach out your
, /f. hand and takt it. You can drink of it
if/ until your heart ahouts with gladness,
j^^ /4 and with all your might you will pro-
/g|5«2 if claim, a* other people have,
wJh* // " ! AM STRONG!"
n&3£}/!/ . L^-^^^\^^ < * LUce the clants of old. you can
_jjj v~r' " jtr be in your prime at sixty — strong*.
j(2/r' ' y ' - ~^^ v.-forous and full rf youthful «n-
Jffljf/ I l« \l*^^"^ thuslaem.
£&SL I \ Ai ' BR. U. C. MeLAUOHLI*— E*»r S5r: I
• E3cWB I WS *" v * °^ >r w *rn.th« Bait for six weeks and It
F Wm. 11 ||| has doue fin* in my case. Every sign of pain '
jta%BFglrij£ < j^H • na '"¦eaJcr.*" h«e left my leg and I am aa well
BgSHMWaSCjugi •• ever. I wu quite lime wh«n I ftntt wrote
EsjfiW/FSSSjSfl rmx - * >ut sra •" ovtr t * !at now. Tours grate-
Jjtejffl/lffijMig^ ful " r - T - H - FLAGL-ER. Benton. Cal.
WBmrMn. "jrvB^ If Jou '* el >' oun f y° n are young;.
¦r /JSU ' •Cm Youth 1b strength. If you have strength
/fStSS^ i&3k JOU can defy your yearn. My Electric
/ffiHjfir t'JLj Belt will warm your heart and fill your
/7^f, />S??I body with the fire of youth, it will' llm-
ffm iSn 4/ MKa ber >* our Joints and put springs In your
w «K& t"Jk P+pI legs. It will malte you feel glad with
IT /V^flk (rot the *° TB ot y outhful vigor.
T iStt Ifif Isn't lhat food for skeptics? 8uch let-.
•if '/ABom »*sL t^rs as I receive would convert even a
I r'/SSiSm fff^*m. bigoted old school doctor, and he ca.n see
J/fj no good in anything but physic. Glv«
L \ ' S&£ "\&?i rne a man wltl > pains In hie back, a dull
\ l«^!W^-*r«AS»^ ache In his muscles or Joints, "come-and-
v*-* ¦^.•Jlr^rTSj^sSr %o" pain* In his shoulders, chest and
•¦•*•-» sides. Sciatica in his hip. Lumbago.
r Rheumatism or any ache or pain, and
my E#lt will pour the oil of life Into hj« aching body and drive out every
sljjn of pa'.n. No pain can exist where my Belt Is worn.
It's as good for women a.s for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no
trouble. You feeMhe gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting,
no burning, as In the old-style belts.
Call to-day, or snnd for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes
to read if he wants to be a strongman. 1 send it seeled, free. Cut out this ad. v
Pit* M C Mr\ auo-hlitr 906 Market St.
Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 r>. m. : Sundays, 10 to 1.
Eeattle Office. 105 Columbia. St.; Lob Angeles, 129 South Spring St.
¦ \ '_^__Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., *t noon of the 120th meridian, or at
Ip.ni. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Branch Hjdrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
August 22, 1904.
Time Ball.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j From. Due.
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Aug. 23
Alameda Honolulu . ..." Aug. I!3
Hatbor Hamburg & Way Ports Aug. *J3
Mackinaw... Tacoraa Aug. 23
Arcata Coos Bay & Ft. Orford Aug. 23
Wyefield Oyster Harbor Aug. 23
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 24
Pomona Humboldt |Aug. 2-t
Aurella...... Portland & Astoria [Aug. 24
Bonlta Newport &. Way Ports. Aug. 21
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 24
City Panama. New York via A neon.. Aug. 21
Rainier Seattle- & Belltngham. Aug. 24
S.Barbara... San Pedro Aug. 21
Chico Coquille River Aug. 24
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Aug. 23
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 25
Santa Rosa.. San Diego * Way Pts. Aug. 23
Del Norte... Crescent City Aug. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 27
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 27
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 27
Corona Humboldt Aug.. 27
Centralla San Pedro Aug. 27
Sequoia .' Wtllapa Harbor Aug. 28
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 23
Coos Bay . San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 28
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Aug. 28
Arctic • Humboldt , . Aug. 23
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. Aug. 29
Umatilla..... Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 29
State qf Cal.. San Diego &. Way Pts. Aug. 29
Coptic • China & Japan Aug. 30
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Aug. 30
Acapulco New York via Ancon.. Aug. 31
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 31
North Fork. . Humboldt Aug. 31
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 1
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
.\_. AuffWt 83. > j
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPIer 10
Argo Eel R;ver Ports. . . 4 pm Pier 2
Redondo... Astoria & Portland 8 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay..- Snn Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Queen....- • Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 8
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler ft
Montara... Seattle direct .... 4 pm Pier 9
August 24. j
ElUabeth.. Coquille River .... 10 am Pier 20
Arcata Coos B. * Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13,
Arctic...:-. Humboldt 9 am|Pler 2
S Barbara. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm|Pler 2
Augrust 35. | j
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm I Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amlPier 11
North Fork. Humboldt 3 pmiPier 20
Columbia.- Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. ill! m Pier 23
Manchuria. China & Japan 1 l pm|Pler 40
August 26. | |
Pomona.... Humbolllt |l:30pPler V
Eureka Humboldt I 9 am Pier 13
Chlco Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
¦ ¦ August 37. I
Bonlta..... Newport & Way...| 0 am Pier 11
Alameda. . . Honolulu Ill am Pier 1
San Jose. . N. Y. via Ancon. . 12 m Pier 40
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Rainier...'.. Seattle & Bellngbm 4 pmlPIer 10
Aurella.'.. • Astoria & Portland| 5 pm|Pler 27
Breakwater Coos Bay direct 1 5 pmlPler 8
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena | 4 pm|Pier 2
Centralla... Grays Harbor. 4 pm|Pier 10
Anrasrt ?8.
CltvPuebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
S. Roaa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
August 30.
Siberia..... China & Japan.... 1 Dm Pi«r 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am PUr 21
August 31. I
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 6 pmiPier 16
September X. |
Sequoia....' WiUapa Harbor.... 4 pm|Pier 20
FROM SEATTLE. ~~
¦ Sfamer. . Destination. 8ails.
Roanoke. .... Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 25
Humboldt.. .. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward.. . ... Aug. 27
City Topeka;. Skagway & Way Port*. Aug 2J
Senator Nome Aug. 30
Dirigo £kagway . & Way Ports. Aug. 30
Valencia..,.. Skagway & Way Porta.JAug. 31
Excelsior....! Seldovla A Way Ports. [Sept. 1
Victoria..... I Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept. 3
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. 8. N.. Mer-
An ingeniously constructed shadow
clock has Just been invented by Pro
fessor Herth of Lynn, Mass. ! The es
sential feature of the Invention con
| slets of a lamp, which throws upon the
celling an optical representation of a
yrpnH ii'**'* w
TUESDAY, AUGUST 23.
Sun rises e.-m
Sun seta q.TZ
Moon eeu ...3*:lV a . m.
O Time Time ITlme Time! ¦
» 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft.
? L W H W 1L W H W|
23 3:45— 0.1 10:45 4.7 3:37 2.7 9:00 oTt
24 4:22—0.111:22 4.S 4:18 2.7 10:33 03
25 4:57 0.0 11:57 4.8 6:00 2.5 11:12 6 0
26 5:30 0.3 12:27 4.9 6:36 2.3 11:50 48
27 fi:5fl 0.612:53 4.9 6:14 2.2 ...V
H W L W |H W IT, W "
28 0:24 .4.5 6:32 1.0! 1:17 4.9f 6:52 2 0
29 1:00 4.3 7:08 U|l:« 4.1)j 7:36 ll 8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning,- tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the "order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth tlm« column giyes the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides asi
sometimes occurs. The heights given are Hi
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (**-)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
giver, is aubtraeted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference it the mean
of th« lower low waters.
Fred Glocker, car starter,- who for many
years has been stationed at the curve around
which the Sacramento street cars sweep into
Market street, distinguished himself Sunday
morning by an act of bravery which undoubt
edly saved many of the passengers who crowd
ed a Hayea street car from serious Injury and
possibly death. That the curve at which
Glocker Is stationed has not been the scene
of many serious accidents is due to the start
er's cool head and strict attention to duty.
He had 'just halted a car Hunday morning
when the horses pulling the Golden West Hotel
bus took fright and headed on a mad gallop
for a crowded Hayes street car Just pulling
out from the turntable. The danger to the
people on the car wax apparent and several
feritandera tnada more or less wild attempts
Prevents Serious Smashup.
Health Board Restrained.
A suit to enjoin the Board of Health
from destroying: a building: at the cor
ner of Broadway and Dupont streets
was commenced in the Superior Court
yesterday and a temporary restraining
order was Issued by Judge Seawell.
The title of the case is P. Marslcano
nealnst W. A. Harvey, John W.
Hughes. Joseph Poheim, J. C. SUn
*on, G. W. Wittman, Herbert Schmltz,
D. E. Reagan and several John Does.
The plaintiff owns the block 1123 to
1131 Dupont street, which the Board
of Health wants to raze. He alleges
that the block is worth $50,000 and is
not dilapidated or in bad repair and
that its destruction ¦will entail an ln
euffrable loss.
The raclfic Mail and Occidental and i Ori
ental Steamship companies yesterday issued
notice that after the departure of the liner
Mcnchuria freight would be received from all
shippers for Japanese and Korean ports. Only
a few favored ones were allowed to send cargo
on the Manchuria, but the Siberia, which sails
Auguet 30, will take freight from anybody.
The palling of the Pacific Mail Company's
liner Manchuria has been postponed until
Thursday at 1 o'clock. The reason for the
ctlay is the Inability of General Manager
Schwerln to get permission" from 'Washington
for the transfer to the Manchuria of the
Chinese crew brought from the Orient on the
Siberia.
The Manchuria will not call at Honolulu.
Krom here she goes direct to Yokohama. Of
her 12.0CO toes of cargo more than half is for
Japan, and most of the Japanese freight is
lcr the use of the Mikado's forces on land
and sea. . ¦
Manchuria's Sailing Postponed.
Sun, Moon nnd Tide.
United Statea Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
IS.OTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; th« height
of tide is the same at . both places.
Mary D. Hunie at the Bottom.
Word was received yesterday of the sinking
In Xushagak Bay. July 5, of the steamer Mary
D. Hume. No details of the disaster have
been received beyond the fart that the pasting
of the ancient craft was not attended ' with
tny loss of life For twenty-four years the
Mary D. Hume has ploughed the Pacific and
dodged in and out of the harbors, bays and
Inlets " that lie between here and the Arctic.
Khe was built in 1&S0 at Ellensburg, Or., for
R. D. Hume fc Co. of this .city, who ran her
between here and the Eel River. She was
ecld to H. Dutard, who continued her in the
same trade until she was purchased by the
Pacific Steam Whalinff Company and con
verted into a whaler. She was the first steam
whaler to winter In the Arctic. When old
ege rendered lver unfit for whaling she was
purchased by Seattle people and used to carry
pasrengers between Pugct Sound and Alaska.
When ebe Bank on July 5 she was in commis
sion as a tender to. one of the northern can
neries. She was a 'vessel of eighty-three tons
net register and has earned the rest her old
bones now are taking In the quiet depths of
Nuthagak Bay, off the island of Ekuk.
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Dolphin,
for Skagway; stmr City of Topeka, for Skag
way.
Arrived Aug 20— Bchr Aloha, hence Aug •>
Sailed Aug 22. 2:30 p m— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skagway.
-PORT BLAKEL.BY— Arrived Au» 22— fichr
Balboa, from San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Au« 22— Stnur
DOMESTIC PORTS.
No date — Long 48 W. Fr bark David d'An-
Jers, from i Hamburg for Seattle. Wished to
be reported all well. : ¦
No date— Lat 30 S. long 43 W.'Fr iJark Da
vid d'AnJers. from Hamburg for Seattle.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOEOS— Aug 22. 10 p m— Weather
foggy: wind W; velocity 8 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Monday, August 22.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, Port Rogers.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Half moon Bay.
Stmr Cella. Nurdberg, Albion.
Nor stmr Titanla. Foyn, Nanaimo, B C
Schr Wawona. Peasly. Wtllapa Harbor.'
Monday, August 22.
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson, San Pedro and
way ports; Pac Coast S S Co.
Nor stmr Tltania, Foyn, Nanaimo, B C;
Western Fuel Co.
Ship Star of Russia, Lindberg, Karluk;
Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED.
CLEARED,
ARRIVED.
Monday, August 22.
U S stmr Nero. iSchuteft. 4 days from
Bremerton.
V S stmr New Tork, Hunker, 4Vi days from
Port Angeles. ,
U S stmr Bennington, Thomas. 4% days fm
Port Angeles.
U S stmr Marblehead, Phelps, 4% days fm
Port Ai.geles.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. 56 hours from Ab
torla, via Portland 40 hours.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson. 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. 10 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr State of California, Nlcolson, 41 hours
from San Diego.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen, 41 hours fm Bandon.
Stmr Coqullle River, Adler. 42 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Rival. Fosen. 41 hours 'from Eureka,
with new etmr Harold Dollar In tow.
Stmr Harold Dollar (new), Thwlng. 41 hours
from Eureka. In tow of stmr Rival.
Stmr Whittler, Dlckson. tiS hours from Port
. land, with barge Santa Paula in tow. *
Stmr Centenn'al. Strand, 78 hours '¦ from
Seattle.
Stmr Argo. Dunham. 26 hours from Eel
River.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 hours from Half,
moon Bay.
* Schr Advent, Olsen, 5*4 daya from /W'illapa
Harbor.
Schr gacramento, Gruggel. 4 days from Slus.
law.
Schr Jennie . Griffin, Gibson 3 hours from
Bolinas.
S^hr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours frm Bodega.
Tug Wizard. Prlngle, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Barge Santa Paula, Pille. 68 hours from
Portland, in tow of stmr Whlttler. ; -/i.\-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The barkentlne I J uako Is chartered for lum
ber from Puget Sound to Delagoa Bay cr
Kafal at 57s (3d; ship J. B. Thomas, same
business, from Pueet Round to Sydney at 33s
Bd, with option of Melbourne or Adelaide at
40s. Fremantle 50s or Cape Town or Delagoa
Hay at 57s Cd — both chartered prior to arrival.
Th4 schooner General Banning loads general
cargo here for Mazatlan and San Bias.
Charters.
The new steamer Harold Dollar, recently
launched at Kureka, arrived yesterday In tow
of the steam schooner Rival. The Harold
Dollar will receive her engines at this port
and when ready will go into the coast trade.
The ship star of Russia cleared yesterday
for Karluk, to which port she goes for a
second cargo of salmon.
The tug Wizard came up yesterday from
Pan Pedro for her resrular overhauling.
The navy collier Nero arrived yesterday,
four days from Bremerton.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Alameda Is due to-day from Honolulu.
¦\Vntcr Front Xotes.
Liyilerhom Now Afloat.
The British ship Lyderhorn, previously re
ported ashor* In the river Elbe, has been
floated and. towed to Hamburg.
Herman Schussler, chief engineer of
the Spring Valley Water "Works, re
sumed the liquid current of his disser
tation on water supply yesterday be
fore United States Commissioner Hea
cock. He spoke of the irrigation sys
tem of the San Joaquin Valley, which
his company does not yet own, and
descanted upon the- urgent necessity
for storage reservoirs in every rainfall
system to guard against possible pe
riods of drought. He will flow on
again this morning.
•I— : *
Scliussler Talks on Water.
The New York goes back to the
North Atlantic' station. The Chicago
is on her way here to take the place
of the New York. The vessels will
meet at Valparaiso, it is expected, and
there Admiral Goodrich will haul down
his flag and transfer himself, his flag,
his staff and his belongings to the
Chicago, which will come to San Fran
cisco and remain on this station as the
flagship of the squadron.
For the first time In some months
San Francisco harbor has its man-of
war row. Since the departure of the
Pacific squadron for Panama only an
occasional and lone cruiser, gunboat or
destroyer has anchored in the bay and
even those visits have been brief, few
and far between. Yesterday, how
ever, the flagship New York, with Ad
miral Goodrich on . board, and com
manded by Captain Hunker; the
cruiser Marblehead," Captain Thomas,
and the gunboat Benning^on, Captain
Phelpe, came in stately procession
through the Golden Gate and dropped
their mud hooks at the anchorages
they left last year.
The New York is swinging to her
steel cable off Clay street wharf, and
off Folsom street, in. the anchorage
ground sacred for many years to ves
sels of the navy, are tethered the
Marblehead and Bennington, in com
pany with the Solace and Boston and
a fleet of laid up army transports.
Captain Hunker said yesterday that
no orders had been received regarding
the movements of the squadron. Offi
cers and men hope to remain at this
port until after the Knights Templar
Conclave, but unless orders to that ef
fect are received the New York, Ben
nington, Marblehead and Boston will
start south in a few days.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TOUK-Arrlved Aug 22— Stmr Minn*.
tonka, from London. • -
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grow, from New York. Kalser
PORT SAID— Arrived Aug 20— Span stmr
Isla de Panay, from Liverpool for Manila
SYDNEY-Salled Atig lft-Br «hlp G 0 T
Har, ¦ for Manila. -
NEWCASTLE, NSW^-Salled Aug 22— Br
*hlp Ardencralg, for San Franclaco
HONOLULU-Salled Aug 21-Stmr Hawaii
an, for Kahulul.
Sailed Aug 21— Ital bark Lothario, for Cal
lao.
Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Sierra, from Sydney;
Br stmr Coptic, from Yokohama *""«*•
MANILA— Sailed Aug 21— Br stmr Foyle,
for Boston.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 21-Br stmr Sat
suma, from Manila.
Sailed Aug 21— Br ship Monkbarns, for
Sydney ,
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aue 21— Stmr
Alaskan, from Hilo.
ISLAND PORTS.
Santa Rosa, hence Aug 21, and sailed for San
Diego.
ALCATRAZ LANDING— Arrived Aug 22—
Ship Marlon Chllcott. from Honolulu.
POINT REYES— Passed Aug 22. 9:33 a m—
Stmr Elizabeth, from Bandnn for San Fran
cisco; stmr Coquille River, from Crescent City
for Kan Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 21— Schr San
Buenaventura, hence Aug I.
-ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 22— Ger stmr Nico
media, from Yokohama.
Sailed Aug 22— Schr Olga, for San Pedro;
stmr Francis H I<eggett for San Francisco,
with log raft In tow. ¦ ¦* ¦
Sailed Aug 22— Stmr Aurella. for San Fran
cisco. - - . ¦
TATOOSH— Passed Aug 22— Br stmr Wye
field, from Nanatmo for San Francisco; U S
etmr Hrathor. from Uuget Sound for Astoria.
POINT REYES— Pessed Aug 22. 11:30 a m—
Stmr Whlttler. from Astoria for San Fran
cisco, with barge Santa Paula in tow.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Aug 21— Schr A
J West, from Redondo; stmr Olympic, hence
Aug 18; echr Fred J Wood hence Aug' 3;
schr W J Pappertson, hence July 29: schr
Roy Somers. hence,Aug 7; schr Henry Wilson,
hence July 29; bktn Mary Wlnkelman from
San Pedro; schr Comet, from Santa Barbara.
Sailed Aug 21— Schr Endeavor, for Redondo.
Arrived Aug 22— Schr Alert, from Guaymas;
pchr Halcyon, hence Aug 1; stmr G C Lin
dauer. hence Aug 18.
COSMOPOLI6— Arrived Aug 22— Schr Roy
Somers. hence Aug 7. - .
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Aug 22— Schr
Robert Searles, from San Pedro
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed "Aug 22— Stmr
Scotia, for San Francisco
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 22— Br stmr Oanfa,
from Liverpool via Yokohama; Br stmr Quito
from Nanaimo.
Sailed Aug 22— U S stmr Burnslde, for
cruise; etmr Umatilla. for San Francisco
Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Selkirk, from Brit
ish Columbia; stmr Queen City, from British
Columia; stmr City of Topeka. from Alaska;
stmr Umatilla, from San Francisco.
Sailed Auk 22— Stmr Chas Nelson, for San
Francisco; stmr City of Topeka for Seattle;
stmr Queen City for British Columbia; stmr
Selkirk, for British Columbia
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Bee, fm
Eureka.
Sailed Auk 22— Stmr Bee, for San Francisco
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Break
water, hence Aug 20; stmr Alliance, hence
Auk 19; schr Sausallto. hence Aug 4
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 22— Schr Ca
xnano. for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Aug 22— Schr Lucy,
from Umpqua.
Sailed Aug 22— Schr Lottie Carson, for Eu
reka.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Fulton
from Hardy Creek; stmr Noyo, from Eureka. '
Sailed Aug 22— Bktn Retriever for Port
Hadlock.
EASTERN PORTS
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Pionler, 90 per
cent; Englehorn, 10 per cent; Hampton and
Asle, 6 i<*r cent.
Captain of Po)lc<? Burnett, who witnessed
decker's act. say? It was one of the nerviest
performances he ever witnessed and showed
Glocker tr> have not only a cool head and
good judgment, but a more than common utock
of grit. -.„ Glocker' s life, was In Imminent peril,
says the captain, but he did not hesitate a
ini'ine,nt and undoubtedly prevented a very
serious smaihup. ' It is net, the first time his
sUlli. and bravery. have saved human life.
?
Tlie Overdue JA*U
to head off the scared runaways. Glocker
jumped straight for their heads. His hands
prlpped the reins. He was knocked down and
dragged, hut he held fast to the lines and
succeeded in checking the horses before they
reached the crowded car.
FLAGSHIP NEW YORK. CRUISER MARBLEHEAD AND GUNBOAT BENNINGTON, WHICH ARRIVED IN PORT YESTER-
york is undbr oroers to return t ° §^M
The Boaid of Public Works respectfully re
quests that paid sum of $1916 36 be set asld
from the urgent necessity fund for the fiscal
year 1904-1905 with which to meet the ex
perse of reconstructing paid pavement.
In accordance with its- custom in
augurated since a court decision was
handed down nearly a year ago that
the Commissioners of Public Works are
personally liable for any injuries which
may be sustained through defective
sidewalks, the Board of Public Works
yesterday, served notices on several
property owners that they must put
down new sidewalks at certain desig
nated locations or have the old ones
barricaded.- These notices have been
found effective in many instances dur
ing the last ten months, and several
score of property owners have complied
with the order rather than have their
property fenced in.
The latest owners to be notified by
the board that they must lay new
sidewalks in order to lessen the liabil
ity of the Commissioners of Public
Works with regard to accidents are
those at 926 Clay street, northeast cor
ner of Dupont and Washington streets,
1026 Market street, 126 O'Farrell street,
corner of St. Louis alley and Jackson
street and the southeast corner of Post
street and Central avenue. Others will
receive the same notification when the
bad condition of their sidewalks is
such as to warrant it.
Commissioner of Public Works Maes
tretti yesterday sent a communication
to Supervisor Brahdenstein, chairman
of the Finance Committee, requesting
that the urgent necessity fund be
drawn upon to repair the pavement in
front of the Phelan building, which ia
in a deplorable condition. The commu
nication, in which Maestretti asks for
an early answer, follows:
The roadway of Market Street, In front of
the Phelan building, is at present urgently in
need of repair and should be reconstructed on
a concrete foundation, the present pavement
consisting of bitumen on a foundation of
wocden blocks. The area to be reconstructed
is about 8332 feet, and at the rate of 23 cents
per square foot it will require $1916 36 to
perform the work.
The contracts- heretofore entered into by
this board with F. M. Yorke & Co. for repairs
to bituminous rock and asphaltic pavements
do not Include work of reconstructing new
pavements. It will therefore be necessary that
bids be invited for the performance of this
work under public contract.
It was announced yesterday that
the Richmond Methodist Episcopal
Church, of which the Rev- E. D. Raley
is pastor, will hold its first anniver
sary service next Sunday. August 28.
both morning and evening.
Owing to the difficulty experienced
by some clergymen in arriving at the
Presb3'terian Association meeting last
year on Labor day it has been decided
by that body to postpone the usual
weekly gathering on the forthcoming
Labor day celebration.
Dr. J. W. Rosa and numerous other
ministers addressed the meeting in
support of the movement. •
PRESBYTERIAN SUMMER WORK.
The Presbyterian Ministers' Associa
tion met at Presbyterian rfouse yes
terday and listened to numerous ac
¦cbunta of summer work by members.
The Rev. Mr. Doane told of the dedi
cation of the Presbyterian church at
Camp Meeker, where during the sum
mer the" congregations had been large.
Dr. McDonald. Dr. Theodore Burn
ham. Rev. F. W. Mitchell and other
xpinisters gave interesting accounts of
.church work.
Dr. TV. C. Kantner of the First
Congregational Church, Salem, Or.,
addressed a meeting of the Congrega
tional Ministers' Association yesterday.
The Presbyterian orphanage an.d
farm. San Anselmo, Is to have a bene
fit. At a recent meeting at the home
of Mrs. J. Li. Martel on Buchanan
Etreet it was decided to hold a garden
fete for the cause at the home of
Mrs. A- E. Kent, Kentfleld. near Ross
Valley, on Saturday afternoon, Sep
tember 17.
Mr. Keast replied that the attorneys
edvised the committee that it was un
necessary to interview the Chief, as
the Police Decartment is well aware
of the circulation and should do its
duty.
Rev. A. C. Bane inquired as to the
law in the matter and Rev. Mr. Keast
'answered that the law forbids the
printing, selling or carrying of ob
eeene literature and pictures.
Rev. Mr. Bane asked in that case
vhy it is that the laws are not en
forced and wanted to know whether
Chief of Police Wittman had been in
terviewed.
The blame does not rest altogether with
f'hief of Police Wittman and others of the Po
lice Department, but falls -on the police courts,
» h^r* it is almost impossible for the enforce
xront of the law* r>y the police because Police
e .' . :-¦ - « refuse to convict. The prevalence of
crime In San Francisco is not altogether the
?»ult of the police, but !s largely due to the
Felice Jud^-en. who throw out the majotlty cf
•«at*e brought before them on mere technicall
.'•tfes. -
U«m, if this matter should b« officially called
to the cttention of the police, and in face of
that they should refuse to enforce the plain
law. »e thouid cipose them to the public.
If *e attempt to enforce the law we shall
have not enly to fight those who ar«* trading
In obsccse reatfnr matter, but we shall have
to fijrht the Police Department. And why?
Ji*cau*e eny 5ticceK» which we shall have
* ould convict not only thosa; trading In the
• ¦rjectaonable literature, but the Police Depart
ment, hence the opposition we should encoun
ter.
Rev. John Stephens, pastor of Slmy
fron Memorial Church, said:
VIEW OF POLICE OFFICIALS.
Dr. Francis Larkin, pastor of Grace
Sklethodist Episcopal Church, said:
I believe- the Police Department knows more
f. • ¦ • t this than we do. I am not in favor of
Kcing to the expense of a private police de
partment created to do exactly *hat the Vo
)ic* Department is already paid by the city
to <3o.
At the meeting of the Methodist
Ministers* Association the discussion
was brisk, lively and determined.
" • Police Court Judges and the Police
» rtepartment encountered some caustic
criticism- at the Methodist Ministers*
Jtesociation yesterday morning: and all
on Account of the circulation in the
city of vicious, obscene and indecent
o e reading matter and pictures which
had been exposed by the Rev. F. A.
:K>ast some two weeks ago.
Rev. Mr. Keast announced that the
hands of the committee entrusted with
the .work of suppression were being
strengthened and that among those
•who had come into the front ranks are
the members of the Epworth League,
c the Christian Endeavor Union and the
. ministers of the Congregational denom
ination.
Further. Rev. Mr. Keast announced
•that he had received a communication
..from the Typographical Union in
. vhieh that body has. pledged itself to
see ro it that its label shall not again
•w>pear on obscene reading mntter.
* It^ was announced that Rev. Dr.
•John A. B. Wilson, another member
wf the committee appointed to gain
• influential assistance in the movement,
is : negotiating with* his Grace Arch
bishop Montgomery and other leaders
: In religious work in the city to join
• hands in the crusade.
.During the morning session of the
Presbyterian Ministers* Association
yesterday a committee was appointed
consisting of Rev. F. A. Doane. Rev.
Mr. Thomas and Bey. Mr. McElhin
rey to do all in their power to aid in
the crusade.
Works Board Continues War
on Defective Sidewalks Be
• gun Nearly a Year Ago
'•"Jfinisters and Societies Join
IJaids to Suppress the
; Sale of Obscene Matter
OWNERS ARE NOTIFIED
CRUSADE STRENGTHENS
Hex. John Stephens Finds
Prevalence of Crime Is
D.ne to Courts' Leniency
Commissioner Maestretti Be
quests Supervisors to Ee
pair Yery Bad Pavement
Flagship New York Is Going Back to the North Atlantic
Station, but May Stay in Port With Others Un
til After the Coming Knights Templar Conclave
WANTS URGENT
FUND UTILIZED
CRITIC LASHES
POLICE JUDGES
VESSELS OF THE PACIFIC SQUADRON
RETURN HERE AFTER A LONG ABSENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 190*.
11
I Spend Your Vacation
for S2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs SanLu &^
The roost ideal resort for pleasnr* an*
Health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to Sao
; Lula Hot Sulphur Springs. Saa Luis
j Cbigpo. Cal.. and return, lncludlne stag;
I jto «nd from springs and* on* week"*
| board for fSO.OO to «S2.OO. according
i to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations $9.OO to *12.OU per week.
Scenic surroundings. fre* bathfa*.
boating and fishing on ground*. Ftn*
»hady walks, tennis and croquet grounds.
dance pavilion for guest*. Flna sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur 8prtng».
Cottage* -and furniture aie all new. Oas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table I* well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stag* meets trains
arriving at San Luis Gblspo at 3:13 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This 1* no hospital or sanatorium.
CAMP CURRY |
i . Get circulars at an railroad otii^m. I
Advertised by 40CO guest*. i
YOSEMITE |
*-~----—-----------Tl» « « » ¦
L AKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to fb*
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line in the Stat*. Leaves Call*,
togs daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m..
•irect to Harbin. Seigler. Adama. Howard. An-
derson. Hobergs, Spier*. .\Jtorgs and Glea-
brook; talf hour for lunch at Callstoga; alaa ta
Middletowa. Lower Lake. Kelseyvilla aa<*
Lakeport. Livery in connection. ,
WM. SPIERS. ProprtCJor.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM
Not a hospital; best equipped on Coast: oou.
ern improvements; large treatment room*;
Ideal location; a-.* acres; one block front ttr««t
cars; write for literature. San Jbse. Cat
KTAIilC WEST SPEIJTOS. "-..',
H. KOENER. Prop. MRS. J. D. DROST
and MRH. II. KOENER will manage spring*;
many improvements: new cement ¦ bathhouse-,
and ga» all over place: $2 day; $10 and $13
week. Office. ; 833 Larkin St.. cor. Geary' or
Mark Wes: Springs. Fanta Rosa. Rural No. tt.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY A\D
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. 7.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connect* at Truck**
with train reaching S. F. at 7:80 a. m.
XTTBXCOSr FABZ — A delightful resort
on shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on tb» lake. Fine fly ttsh:n« and
hunting in season. Beat*, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week.' P. O. and teiafhoa*.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake. Tahoe. Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck. Elsklyoa County, Calif orals.
WrlU to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
LA HONDA AND PESCADCRO
Buy yonr railroad ticket to Redwood City; »
su m. train 3d and Townsend. and 8:20 a. m.
train from Baa Jos* connect with stage* direct ¦
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood Cltyl
Cal. , ..:
.-^.——.^ Mento Park. «•" ioxw from
U IB ITT* V clty " Nine train*, daily, i^r-
Hlli 1 I A lect climate; beautiful pUc;
1 1 W III w comfort and quiet; excellent i
\ table. ¦ .
Address W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Hottt'a School.
HOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S ?i«t\£
Nor foe. Purest spring water. : CUmata natural
tonic and invicorator. . Residence -•> years. $7
per week. Woodworth it Muller. 6cHe!ena.Cal.
OW2T lxrmoTxntalas CAMP
STTUMEB HOME of Sonoma Co.atEEXE&'
I Pure water, equable climate, lota sellina: *lu
up; cottage* built by Meeker.- $50 up; depot:
stores; restaurant:, hotel: Do*t and express: j
telephone: sawmill: 900 lot* sold; 300 cottage*
built. Pausahto ferry. N. S. R. . R. M. C
MEEKER. Camt> Meeker, Sonoma County.
THE TAI.1AC. 1AKE TAHOE. —X*
BOTH PLANS-^AMERICAN and EURO*.
PEAN. Rates: AMERICAN— $3 per day and
upward. $17 5O per week and upward. EURO-
PEAN— Room*. $1 per day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodation*, livery and boat-
Ing superior to any resort on the lake.
ORCHARD HOME— Health, rest, comfort,
pleasure: boating, bathing; fresh milk, eggs.
fn.tt; $7 to $10 week. J. F. OitR, Dutcana
Mills. Cal.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to cure
all the ills that humanity is heir to. but
thousands of people have been benefited
by the use of Bartlett Water and many
cured.
If you would improve your health and
Iiave a grand good time, come to Bartlet!
Springs, where there Is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements and com-
petent masseurs. .
Housekeeping cottage*. (3 00 to $8 00 per
week.
Send for a booklet that will teU you all
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs. Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter St.. San
Francisco*
Don't worry about the
. youngsters this summer.
Pack up and go to
AETNA SPRINGS
There they can romp all
day and sunset will find
them ready for bed. Just
send for booklet. Aetna
'Springs Co., Napa Co.,
Cal.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUEF,
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P. SWELL, MANAGER
DR. O. O. O'lDONTSTET-il-iS'
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure. r»-
•crt on th« coast. The greatest remedy tor
lung disease, liver and stomach compUiats,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world: 49
miles from 8. F. i The S. P. B, R. and S. V.
tt N. P. R. R. give special ratea to campers;
80 cottages and tents furnished; rest cheap;
bo fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Meal*
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. CDONNELL, offlc*
1021 V. Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. Saa
Francisco. '
For health and pleasure; cure your rheum-
atism, malaria, liver, kidney, with the natural
hot baths and wonderful stomach waters at
SEIGLER SPRINGS
Arsenic beauty baths, ' mineral swimming
pond; orchestra:, climate perfect: 20 guests
sleeping out among the pines; reduced rates;
booklets at PECK'S. S. P. Co.. 613 Market St..
or H. H. McGOWAN. Seigler; Lake County.
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacifle Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At tlia seaside with home comfort*
The Dlace to soend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board 92 B0 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for illustrated pamphlet.
Address OEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINS — Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport,- carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stage* connect with
trains at Hocland. Leave Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30; arrive at Eartlett
Springs at 7:30. New .6- horse 14-pasaenger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
fnt Springs, call tor tickets by Bartlett SPrlaxs
Etace Line. Tickets can bo purchased at offlc*
of California N. W. Rjr., £60 Market at., or
at Tiburon ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Props.
HOBTH SHOBE HOTEXi— On Tomales
Bay. Good table and accommodations Hous*
gas-lighted. Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
BH1EL.D9 Marshalls. Marln County. Cat
: scHAErrs's obovx — ross vaxaet!
i . Private boarding; terms reasonable. T«*-a
meets Sunday morning trains. Address Mas.
! MATT LINDSAY. Ross Station.
CHEAPEST and best tn America — The Weekly
i Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
1 'United State* or Canada on* year for «1,
¦ - - - ¦ -- - -.- • ' . „
¦ ADVERTLSE3LEXTS. N \
Sherwood «ft Sherwood, Agents
fffjP5p*^^^3!y*jFjSr i7»fir JvSf ZSF M3 JHu fv em Mm *
212-214 Market St. San FranciscoTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1904.
12
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Mala — Con.
SITUATION' WANTED AS A GENERAL
MANAGER. BALES MANAGER. OR IN
THE PURCHASE OR SALES DEPART-
MENT OF PROGRESSIVE MANUFACTUR-
ING. WHOLESALE OR MINING TOMPAN)
BY MAN OF ABILITY. FORMERLY PRES-
IDENT OF SEVERAL LARGE MANUFAC-
TURING COMPANIES AND A RAILROAD:
:i0 YEARS OF AGE. TEMPERATE AND A
HUSTLER; NO OBJECTIONS TO POSI-
f TION OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES;
AN OPENING WHERE BRAINS AND EN-
ERGY WILL BE REWARDED IS DE-
SIRED. ADDRESS BOX 47. CALL OF-
FICE.
MAN and wlf» want hotel work In country as
barkeeper and housekeeper or chambermaid;
references. Address box 4505, Call office.
SERVANT for visitor at world'3 fair; I will
attend as nurseboy: wages no object. Jap-
anesc. V. K. box 46. Call office.
EXPERIENCED asphalt worker who thor-
oughly understands the business. Apply box
49a», Cali office.
BARBER wants situation in country town.
California or Nevada. Box 22, Call office.
A YOUNG man who speaks French and pretty
,. kooJ English wants a position as a'clerk In
a dry goods store; understands the trade and
can furnish bond and reference* Box 4CHJ5,
Call office.
A YOUNG Fnench Swiss, rood references, un-
derstands horses and cows, wishes a situa-
tion; private place; city or country. Box
4750. Call office.
j MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
1 and detaller, mining-, stationery, power
plants, factories, wants work at home. Box
4S47. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS middle-aged German desires
position in wholesale liquor Store; experience
in bottling, labeling, etc.; city or country.
Box 4813. Call office.
A COMPETENT cashier and bookkeeper, now
employed, would take charge of set of books
outside business hours at a reasonable figure.
Box 4S97. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier, typist; German
<38); temperate; 20 years' experience in of-
fice work; references and bond; city or coun-
try. Box 4S91, Call office.
' EXPERIENCED stenographer wsnts employ-
ment. 2 to 6 hours per day. while attending
college lectures: day or evening; law or com-
mercial: city references. Box 4952. Call.
GENERAL machinist and dlemaker. acquaint-
ed with can manufacturing machines, also
automatic, wants position in can factory or
cannery: references. Box 4710, Call.
NEAT young man wants a position in a whole-
sale house as office clerk: good arithmetician
and panman; can furnish references. Box
4547. Call office.
GERMAN, single, middle-aged, wishes a situa-
tion as clerk or manager in groceries or tar;
iltr or country: first-class references. Box
4570, Call office.
ENGINEER, ocean chief engineer's license;
all-round machinist Address J. B. Mel.,
687 Harrison St., San Francisco.
DRAUGHTSMAN would like additional work
for eveningb, either mechanical or patent
office drawings. Box 4655. Call office.
BRIGHT boy C17) wishes a position in car-
pt-nter «hoD. Address DAVID CARLSON.
10C6 Minna st
BRIGHT boy (16) wishes position driving light
delivery wagon; city or country. Address
F. n. HUDSPETH. 106 Eleventh st.
CLERICAL position by young man; capable
correspondent; some knowledge of stenogra-
phy. Box 4546, Call office.
MAN and wife would like situations; man
about place, wife first-class cook; no wash-
ing. Box 4831, Call office.
WANTED — A situation as salesman or collec-
tor; city; best of references or bond. Box
4S30. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wishes position In family as
houseworker or' waiter: plain laundry;
speaks English. I. P., 451 Jessie st.
JAPANESE good boy wants position, any kind
of work, half day or in the morning few
hours; is good cook. 1026 Larkin st.
JAPANESE couple want a position: man first-
class cook, wife houseworker; $50 up. T.
MIYA. 425 Stevenson st.
FINE Japanese wants position as schoolboy In
small family. 1225 Devisadero st; phone
Scott 548.
NIGHT watchman, middle-aged, sober and re-
liable, wants position; has good references
and give bond if necessary. Box 4S45, Call.
MAN and wife cooks, first and second; city or
country. Address 217 Natoma st.
SITUATION wanted — First-class specialty
man; three years' experience selling grocery
trade; best of references. Box 4947, Call.
JANITOR wants general housecleanlng or any
other kind of work for Mondays and Wednes-
days (regular). I. MEYER. 110 Hyde st.
POSITION in loan office by thoroughly ex-
perienced manager, cashier, etc.; best refer-
ences; bond. Box 4980. Call.
CIGAR clerk wants position. Box 4597. Call
office.
SITUATION wanted by rapid experienced
stenographer. Box 4596. Call office.
SHOEMAKER wants Job. 1906 8utter street.
POSITION wanted as a porter by a young man
Box 4590. Call office.
POSITION as office boy In law office Box
4654. Call office.
A BOY wants a positicn as stock boy. Box
4S52. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants position. Box 4581, Call
•-.fflca.
COOK wants work; city or country. 6 Tehama
street.
BARTENDER wants Job. 40S Post street '
POSITION as salesman in furnishing goods
store. 842 O'Farrell st.
A BOY wants to learn plumbing. Box 4715,
Call office.
HANDY man around steam plants, understands
pumps, hoisting engines, air compressors. Ice
machinery, boilers, any kind of fuel, can
also take care of motors or generators: 14
years' experience; can give reference; willing
to start anywhere; country or city. Box
4930. Call.
YOUNG man, good character, wants position;
yard and assist with books, with retail lum-
ber firm out of city; recently had charge
of shipping point for wholesale firm; good
references; moderate salary. Address box
4398, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes to get a
position as manager, cashier or steward in
hotel, restaurant or bar; best of references.
Please address box 4893, Call office.
EXPERIENCED accountant. familiar with
railroad auditing, would accept position with
electric cr steam railroad co. Box 4563, Call.
BOY wants situation as bookkeeper. Box
4708. Call office. -v ::.:
PRINTER wants country situation. Address
box 4939. Call office. , ,', :»
WANTED — Job as driver on a delivery wagon.
Box 493S. Call . office.
YOUNG man (American) wishes position as
packer In wholesale house. Box 4711. Call.
POSITION as cashboy. A. I.. 260SA Bush
street.
BOY wishes work in baker shop. Box 4656.
Call office. £-
WANTED— Stenographic work. Box 4S52.
Call office.
JAPANESE man and wife wish positions: man
good cook, experienced in all kinds of Indoor
work and the care of horses: wife plain cook,
waitress, fine laundress, housework; wages
$5<> month for both. Box 4874. Call office.
JAPANESE young boy wants a~pcsiYion
afternoons, from 1 . o'clock. Please address
U. U., 234 Turk st.
JAPANESE wants situation, good cooking and
housework or plain washing. OKA. 414 Ste-
venson st.; telephone Howard 1276.
A GOOD Japanese, flrst-clasn cook, wants po-
sltlon In a nice family. FRED OKAMOTO
1333 Pine st.
YOUNG Japanese student wants situation as
schoolboy in small family. TAMAMOTO.
121 Haisht St.. Japanese church.
JAPANESE couple want housework in large
hotel, city or country. 413 Stevenson st.
CHINESE ' first-class hotel, boarding-bousa
cook wants place. 228 Ellis st, LI Kins Co.
BUSINESS CSANCES — Continued.
f-jtMO— BAltBER shop; 4 chairs: elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
ter.t $75, including 7 rooms; located in thi
choicest butine«s part of this city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 20 Vi Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $*J5;
daily receipts about $-U: best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 264
„ Keamy st.
A— Jl.VKl; CORNER saloon; la choicest location
cf the Mission; rent $12; place estab. many
years; doing a good paying business. See R.
G. WILKE, -MM Kearny st
A— $1600: THE leading oyster-house and res-
taurant in Santa Rosa; rent $51*; business
established years and making money. See
II. G. WILKE. 26«-j Kearny st.
A— $22GC; ROADHOUSE: the best In Sonoma
County; hcufe ot 6 rooms, orchard etc.; 4*4
years' lease; Investigate at ence; a raif
chance. R. G. . WILKE, 28»i Kearny st
A — $l«0O: CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of tne best lo-
cations in this city; rare chance.- See R.
G. WILKE. 26V» Kearny st.
A— $1200; 'corner saloon on Ellis st, rent $40.
lease; dally receipts $18; fine location, good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 yj Keamy.
A — $1200; corner family liquor store; choicest
location In Western Add.: value in sight
and* a good paying business; 4H years'
lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 2SK Kearny st
A— $0500; SALOoV, one of the best on Market
st; 4H-year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$350 per month. See R. O. WILKK. 28 ft
Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagen and 3 cows; 5-year leaee. See R. Q.
WILKE. 26 \i Kearny st •
A— $2000; CORNER saloon; only one block of
Market st.; place established years; 4 rooms
upstairs; lease: rent $70; a good business.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon; living rooms;
place establ. years: doing a good-paying busi-
ness; lease; sickness of owner compels him
to sacrifice. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $35<X>; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et; rent $60; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2$0O; a well established and
first-class paying business. See It. G.
WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st
A— $350; CORNER cigar stand on water front;
rent $25; value In sight; a good business.
See R. G. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located In the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co. ;
cash trade; rent $:SO; 4 furnished rooms;
leaee. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See It. G. WILKE,
20^. Kearny st
A— $S00: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — CAMERON &. CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour'6 ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fii-hing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilet; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over r.ight: perfect little home; owner
obliged to so East; make otTer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange income property in
' Alarr.eda lor stock of merchandise In San
Francisco. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming houues and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Wholesale and retail manufactory
for making all kinds of toilet articles, such
as face creams, tooth powders, shampooing
liquids, cold creams, toilet waters, perfumes,
etc.; established 4 years: will bear strictest
Investigation; above goods In daily use and
must be had; guarantee handsome profits;
must sacrifice on account of sickness; price
$.'00. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery etore;
beautiful showcases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness : fine location: fittings cost more than
price asked; big enap at $1000; sickness
CAMERON & CO.
For sale — Grocery, creamery, hay. ! feed, also'
barley mill plant; best interior city in Cali-
fornia; over 4000 population ; sold as whole
or separately, tine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive interests
elsewhere only reason for selling; books open
for lneuectlon. For particulars, see CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
$2250— CORNER saloon: best across the bay ;
cheap rent and Ions lease: business Justifies
Investment of more than, price; owner sells
account of other business. OAKLAND
BUSINESS AGENCY. 1108 Webster st, cor-
ner Twelfth, Oakland.
$700 BUYS cigar stand, factory, billiard hall
and laundry office; receipts $10 a day; 4
years' lease; $25 a month rent. Inquire
1W7H Market St.. room 1.
BUSINESS for sale on account of sickness;
$75. 19S Second st.
PARTNEP , with $1000; legitimate advertising
scheme; big money; copyrighted. Box 15,Call.
SALOON— Long lease ;spl end Id location ;reason-
able. Apply 251 Fell st.. 8-10 a.m.. 6-10 p.m.
$3COO — EXPERIENCED man In furniture busi-
ness with a few thousand dollars; best
chance to make money in that line in a pros-
perous town in California. Inquire box
29C5. Call office.
$950 BUYS bakery and delicacy; fixtures, stock
and supplies: $25 a day trade; clears $150
per month over all expenses; nothing like It
for sale in the city. 2474 Mission st.
WANTED— Partner In grocery store In city,
. close to San Francisco; good trade and stock;
will give the right man a bargain. Address
box 4S02. Call office.
$4000 — GENTS' furnishing, stationery and no-
tion store; 5 years' lease; transfer -corner;
established 10 years; cash trade; clean stock;
a bargain. Address Owner, box 2181, Call.
A DELICATESSEN store and dining-room,
with eteady boarders; living rooms with fur-
niture; nice for a family. Call at 410 9th.
$1400 WILL buy a good paying, well estab-
lished buEinecs If taken at once. Further
particulars, address box 4, Call office.
FOR sale— Delicatessen, with dining room;- 3
living rooms; conducted by present owner 5
years. 407 V, Van Ness ave.
WHOLESALE liquor store; city of 12,000; a
bargain if sold at once; inquiries cheerfully
answered. Eureka Invest. Co.. Eureka, Cal.
CIGAR store, must be sold; old established;
cheap rent; lease. Box 1324, Call office,
Oakland.
$S50— GROCERY- and bar; old established; long
leaee; 4 living rooms; rent $25; sickness
cause. 74? Brannan st
PARTNER, honest and sober, with $4000, to
, act as cashier and attend to correspondence
in optical business; annual cash sales $18 000
to $20,000. Address box 4354. Call office.
FOR eale — Old-established stationery & period-
ical business, with a long lease. Apply to E.
BAUER, S. F. News Co.. 342 Geary st
A BARGAIN — Old established trimming, har-
ness and carriage business; selling account
sickness. Box 1266. Call office, Oakland. ..
WANTED— To buy or lease a hotel in country
or city: country preferred; no agents. Box
3364. Call office.
FOR SALE — Restaurant close to transfer fcor-
ner and car house. Box 3491. Call office.
FOR sale — Valuable v interest In an Industrial
enterprise; Investigate. Box 4958,' Call.
WANTED— Cigar stand. Address box 4608
Call office.
BAKERY for sal*. 1650 Church st; 5 years'
l*ase.
GROCERY and liquor store for' sale at invoice
price. Box 4176. Call office.
CIGAR stand and billiard hall; good location.
Box 4064. Call. , .
$200— PASTRY, candy, stationery, notions, etc ;
3 turn, rooms and basement 525 Taylor st
GROCERY, liquor., b. bakery and notion store
for salt cheao: owner sick. 290 Crescent ave.
JOHN FIX SPKI^KKLS^^^Proprietor
A'iuress Communication? to
JO11X McXAfJGHT 5la^5^T
W. J. MARTIN* Business Manager
TELEPHONIC
- sk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
-*ct You With ioe Department You >> isn.
I*ubllcaUor. Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial llooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et
I-*I'vered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
• Cls. Per M:nth. Single Topie* 5 ( »•
Verms by Mai:. Including Postage <Cash With
OrUtr):
DAILY CALL ifactttd. Sunday). I >«* r •*?¦£;
IM1LY CAL-L <ino!ud. Sunday). « roos l^n*
1»AILV OALJ By .Single Munth "^
fl'XlUy CALL. 1 Yrar r-**
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year... V, 1 ,
POSTAGE. 1 v?e«kiy. j.co Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Faerie Ccpie* trill be forwarded when re-
quested.
Uali wub-cr'.bers In ordering change or aa-
<re« should be particular to give both >EW
AMi OLD ADDHESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
«ueet
OAKLAND OFFICE:
IO1« Brotdwa, Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tliS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAUUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton !
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
•Waldorf- Aftoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
felon S<;usr»- Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and HcfTrnan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hote!: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
° C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Building
«Lctg DisUoce Telephone. "Central 2619.")
. NEW. YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building i
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
eoreer Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOftS Market street opposite Fifth; open until
n p. m.
f27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 p. m.
BOO Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
*v» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
?¦"5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1MI Mission street; open until 10 p. m-
jrt> Eleventh etre»t; open until 9 p. in.
' irSd Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
cp»n ur.t'.l 9 p. m.
Vy> Fillmore street; open until 1p.m.,
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Ludge No. 30. F. and «
A. M— Called meeting THIS <TL*ES- yy
DAY» EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec-^/S
end Degree. Bv order of the W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Locpe No. 144, F. and A. q
M.— Third Degree THIS (TUESUAY)YY
KVEXING at 8 o'clock. Master Ma- /V>
sent are cordially Invited.
A^S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
THE «cnual meeting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will be held at the oi-
• f.ce cf the company. 777 Mission st, San
Francisco. Cal.. TUESDAY. August 23. 1904,
at S o'clock p. m.. for the election cf direct-
ors for the ensuing term and the transaction
cr fuch business as may come before the
rceftirg. Transfer bocks will close Friday.
A-jjrjft 19. 1504, at 4 v. m. By order cf the
Brg-(». nf rirrrtors. M. C. GORHAM. Sec.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided isr.provement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
LADY AGENTS— Send stamp for fast seller.
•Western Syndicate. "06 Powell st.
ATTO EKEYS-AT-IAW.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg .
6th fleer; entrance room €11; established 15
yfczrk; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or tor consulta-
tion : ev^nlcgs fcj- appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free en all legal matters; divorces a
ipecialty; private, quick; no pay in advance;
mining companies organised ;patents obtained'
G W. HOWE. 1122 Market st ; estab. 22 yrs.
CIVORCE — Ccsts. $12: quick! quiet; advle*
fr«e; all law busintst: no charge unless suc-
><rf»ral: <i>ea evenings. 027 Market room 30L
ADVICE free; dl ore* costs $12; no fees or
cctU In advance; all law butlness; offlc*
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r.33.
COLLECTIONS, attachments. mechanic's
lien*, probate, tenants ejected. Attorney, 632
Market St.. room 23.
PATENTS obtained: information furnished for
fale of patents. SONNTAG Agency. 214 Pine.
Columbian Law A Collection Agency, r. S5. 916
Market: teL John C226; solicits your buslnees.
L. 6. CLARK. 927 Market St.; consultation
free; bo fees In advance; cpea evenings.
AT 2yj. Cn fr "* : *" "sea: cp*n evenings. FRANK
CPLBOURX. Lawyer. 927 Market, room 426.
AUTOMOBILES.
A ENAP in White touring csr; White Stan-
hope; Pierce. Etanhore and Orient buck-
hoarq. \Thltg Garage. 1S7S Market st
RAMBLER automobile for sale for $500; flrst-
rlass cwidition; tools, lampe. etc. Box 3478
Call of fiw. '
CHEAP— S»cond-hiind two-seat S h. p steam
surrey automobile. Apply 143 Phelan bldg.
ASTHMA EEItEDT.
•XM NOLA'S Asthma Remedy^ relieves InsUnt-
Jy: 10c. 25c. 60c. 1602 Market St Nicholas-
alto Withsrt 10th and Washington. Oakland!
BIKDS. DOGS. ETC.
TOtJNG parrots, guaranteed to~tsJkT$5 each •
largt^t variety does, birds, cages, etc.. at low
prices. 1544-46 Market st
HARTZ Mountain canaries&Africaa gray nar-
rots.just r»cehed. A.C. Robison. 335 Kearny.
BOOKS. —
tCHOOL books, old and new bought and »»lV
DALT 4t CURRAX. «S7 OearVst
B0AB.DING FOB, CHILD KEN.
WOULD like one or two children; near school
812 Jessie at.
; - Jj jrosiarEjajOBJiHCEs^
$1100— RESTAURANT and chop house; choice
corner on Kearny; complete In every detail -
coet $2100. Merchants' Agency. 1008 '.j Mkt
EEST paying delicatessen store In lively busl-
***** street; doing a flrrt-class cash business -
* Y*i u * * a «le"ht: owner retiring. HER-
CHANTS' AGENCY. 1006H Market st
t3 «*^~^ AL< 2? : t : t -S ew ' cUy front : le "«: rent
$S0. See F. BERG. 31S Kearny st. ,
$250— PARTNER in light business- good
chance right n-.an. See BERG. 318 Kearny.
. *TS0O— LIVERY and boarding .table at a bar-
gain. gt> y. BERG. 31% Kearny et.
*400 CASH buys 20-rocm house and restaurant-
teats 40; coal and ra* range: room; all"full :
running water in every room; this is a bar-
galn. Brookbank A Norton. 917 Market st
A— $200; BRANCH b«ker>-. notions, candies
and ice cream parlor; located on busy cor-
ner; opposite large school; 3 nice living
rooms. See Brookbank-Norton Co.. B17 Mkt
'A-$300; PARTNER wanted In light business"
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $15
to $35 a week. 47 Geary et. room 8.
ftl.LIABLE. active man wanted with $150
cat-h: will pay $7R per month: steady place
!ight xvork. S7 Third ft., room 14.
$:.vm~PARTNER la first-class cigar store-
iung 1-sse; one of the best transfer corners
Addrffcs Owner, box 21f»". Call office.
. LADY mants partner for boarding-house; cook
preferred; lady or gentleman. Box 67, Call.
BUTCHER ehep averaging $40 business day~:
e tradc and location best possible ; owner out
of health. G.. cor. Sanchez, Mkt and 15th. '
BUSINESS CKANCES — Continued. S£
$1000— WHOLESALE and retail coal and wood
business in most prosperous interior city, or
will take partn?r for 52000; horses, wagons
and all Improvements: owner' there for years;
large trade. Oakland R. E. Agency. 1108
Webster st.. <"orn»r Twelfth, Oakland.
$20U0 — PARTNER In family liquor store and
saloon; br*t location across th<* bay: present
owner there for years; twill bear thorough
investigation. Oakland R. E. Agency. 1108
Webster St.. corner Twelfth, Oakland.
LOpQINQ-HOUSES rOB, SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, Hotel3 and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
flO-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house: cheap • rent; most elegantly
f-quipjted in city: 5 yeais' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this 1 little jem at bar-
gain -.n account, of sickness.
28 rcotns: elesant fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
1C8 rooms;" cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
chancb foi right parties; part cash, balance
can bo bald out of the house; other business
interests demand immediate departure.
R-yeiiT lease and contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-date 40-room house; fine central loca-
tion; party suddenly called East.
1C8 rooms: rent only $5 50 per room, long
lecse, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime tu get first-class house that Is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; 'exclusively with
us.
26 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
30 rooms: newly furnished throughout; 5-
ycar lease; downtown: fine respectable money-
making house; wirt down, balance reasonable
interest.
0-room flat: rent only $50: water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 1; price $400.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 'down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
15 rooms: rent $05; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price; $800.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial bouse
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city.
7-room niodorn flat, close in, well furnished;
coet $i'w ; at bargain If sold at once; $300.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown " house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $bOO per month; must sell on
account ot other business: only with us.
60 rooms; new. modern building; elegantly
furnished;" clcse in; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an un-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good Rase.
45 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well 'urnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month: always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price. $4500.
180 rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped r cheap
rent; tine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
23 rooms; central: 4-year lease; clears $103
over atl expenses; most elgantly furnishd and
equipped little apartment house In city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next tea
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Bddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
20 ROOMS; well furnished; centrally located;
$100 month profit; price $1300., M. Griffin.
40 ROCfMS; 3 blocks from Market st; guaran-
teed to clear $150 month;, must be sold at
once; price $2250; long lease; $110 per month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
86 ROOMS; well furnished; must be sold this
week at great sacrifice; no reasonable offer
refused; part cash; is now clearing over $200
per month; this Is bona fide; don't miss it
Particulars MARION GRIFFEN.
120 ROOMS; new building; all modern con-
veniences; located in heart of city; reduced
from $20,000 to $13,500; if you want a profit-
able Investment get particulars at once from
MARION GRIFFIN.
20 ROOMS; new house; new and substantially
furnished: must be sold in three days and
goes for $1400; lease. MARION GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS; corner house; near Union Square;
well furnished; $1400. M. GRIFFIN.
34 ROOMS; fashionable district on Sutter; $150
net profit monthly; $3000. M. GRIFFIN.
38 ROOMS; well and substantially furnished;
fine location; grill attached: very profitable
and a fine home; price $4000; half cash.
MARION GRIFFIN.
17 ROOMS; ccst $2500; on account of immedi-
ate departure; will eell to-day for $1100.
Get particulars from my agent, M. Griffin.
12 ROOMS; good furniture; price $400. i
11 rooms; clean and nice; price $400.
10 rooms; Post st.; fine fur.'; price $600.
14 rooms; extra good; % cash; price $850.
Get details from MARION GRIFFIN.
70 ROOMS; a new and beautiful house; beau-
tifully and substantially furnished;' every
room occupied by steady tenants: long lease
at very moderate rental; this Is an oppor-
tunity seldom offered. For location and full
particulars see MARION GRIFFIN, room
406 Examiner bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 796.
1020 Market ef Opp. Fifth st.
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED
FORMER Patrons my Best References.
60 rooms, transient, speculation ....$1800
30 rooms, near Market st; only 900
85 rooms, low rent, long lease 3500
22 rooms, nerth of Market st. snap 700
Easy Terms at HINKLEY' S.
16 rooms, Geary st., 4 unfurnished 650
6-room modern flat, rent $25 100
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE.
Don't Forget HINKLEY. the Reliable Agent
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth St.
1206 Market— MITCHELL & CO.— Jessie 2981
<26 r., hous;keeping; rent $105; make offer.
16 r., beautiful house; sunny; clears $50.
15 r., housekeeping; fine house; r. $75; $900.
19 r.. 2 floors: rent $50; lease; $1000.
11 r.. 2 floors; rent $41; for $350.
19 r., house; reat $85: sunny; for $900.
9 r.. house; rent $45; well furnished: $450.
. MITCHELL i CO.. 1206 MARKET.
9-ROOM flat, near Larkin;'oalc furniture; fine
carpets; rent Inc. water, $37; only $350 TEN
EYCK FISH, General Delivery.
ROOMING-HOUSE of 14 rooms for sale cheap;
.rooms filled: 401 Fourth st
WANTED— Lodging-house of about 30 rooms.
Address box 3490. Call office.
30 ROOMS; cleani |90; price $900. Box 4802,
Call office.
A 34-ROOM transient house downtown: clears
$225; price $2800; no agents. Box 58, Call.
FOR sale— Well paying 21 -room lodging-house.
Inquire grocery store. 1030 Folsom st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED. \
WANTED — To buy a lodging-house on monthly
payments; 20 rooms or more; -furniture of 6-
room cottage to trade for the same. Address
box 4901. Call office. Oakland. Cal.
YPil I PAN ARAMnnN YCYI IR AA/rVRRIFS'
I V_/U v>A1N AD AIM UvJ IN I U U f\ VVv_/i\r\lCO
WHEN YOUR
CARPET BEATING AND OLEANINQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process uni-
versally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal ; ' carpels and rugs are also
cleaned by-. compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
' Co.. SOS Market at; phones Main 152 and
Bush "479* <
WHKN you become disgusted with your work
s^nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. S55-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S 240 Fourteenth st— First-class'
i carpet cleaning 3e yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S09 Har-
rlson st.: Xl cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Work*.
3;j3 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HCPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
crosfcs made over. 14:!2 Howard ;tet. South 210.
ADVANCjK Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
\f\. Main ¦• > .!H. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-bfatlncr works: prices
r»asimahio. -170:: Harrison St.: tel. Mission 'JKi
CLOTHINQ RENO VATINQ.
SUITP cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver fre«.
CLEANINO AND DYEING.
1000 SUITS to clean and press like new. R.
CANTUA. 609 Hayes st. »
Bad tenants ejected for $4;' collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
i Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 6580.
__..__ DENTISTS^
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c ; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building, 1005 Market St.. room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
GOLD fillings. 76c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Suttei
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
st. to 5S0 Geary.
PARIS. Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns.$2 up; fillings, 25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.H.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mlsslon.cor. 6th.
DJtESSMASEBB AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking ' & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class;1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
' OTIRjCgJCTALIBM.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c; 610
McAllister; life readings daily 1720 Sacra-
mento. nr. Polk; come skeptics. Tel. East 1165
DEAD-TRANCE medium; names, VjsI less,
mining; circles Tuesday. Thursday, Satur-
say. S p. m. 325 Ellis st. front parioi.
MME. VirJAR'S test meetings Tuesday and
Friday. 2 p. m., 15c; sittings dally. Ill
Cook st; take Geary-6treet car.
ADMISSION free; mystic circles. Sunday, Mon-
day and Wednesday nights; new revelations.
SIDNEY. 610 Ellis st. -
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
r.lght except Saturday: 10c. 148 Sixth st.
Mrs. Wayborn— $1 rdgs. this wk. 25c; clr. Mon.,
Tu.. Thu.. Frl., 8 p. m. 1235 Market, nr. 9th.
Mrs. Burr (formerly "Anthony") medium, life
reader. 711 Harrison, nr. 3d. I. 25c. g. 50c.
C. MAYO STEERS. 356S 17th st.; phone Capp
S56; readings by mail, $1.
DEAD trance medium; all kinds of business
discussed; sittings daily. 325 Ellis st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science: for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries; would
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE,
Who Is permanently located at
426 Eddy st. ; lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 32« O'Farrell st, 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied, with I life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, eon-
suit this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tell Black 4569.
A— Mlas M. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you culled for wtthout asking a ques-
tlon: narreg given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. & palm".
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
L-. 60c; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR. Egyptian stress. The Vendomei 1104
Market at.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
, a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day tvening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141. •
ELLSMERE, Egyptian seer, clairvoyant: has
mysterious power; complete life readings;
guarantees desirable marriage; restores health
and gives controlling Influence. 1007% Market
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader: -when others fall try me;good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.av, Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— Go and see MME. HOFFMAN, the wonder
of the age; know, the truth. 1207 Market,
room 11. . ¦ ¦
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vlce; names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis st.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles, 25c;
gents. 50c. 545 Minna st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
gents 50c. 351 Mission st, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts,; readings dally. 917 Market, room 10.
MRH.. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
«>Hi-r. 13 now at 317 Ellis St.
vv : jl EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER schooT7ha7T > ewT~On~^m^T~we
J moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
st., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E^ R. AYRES, founder and manager Ay res
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management Combined course.
$5 a month; life scholarship. $50. Day and
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market at
A — The LYCEUM, an . accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
i. leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of. Acting gives
mere performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special mimmer course.- 414 Mason.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.; 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Prea.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mail and per-
•onally. Miss M. O. Barrett. 302 Montf my.
•I EDUCATIONAL— Contained.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Plt-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 188i Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, Ens., math., etc.; day and
eve.; Individual instr. ."05 Larkin st. Prof.
¦T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
CLASSPJS In short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wrd. and Thurs., 2 p. m.. 33J
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 315 Haight;
individual tnstruc. ; all branches; day, eve.
WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt, com-
p!ete course. 6 mo. $30. eve. $4 mo.; private.
CALIFORNIA Business College. i)25 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on requ-st.
M
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlcs
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 83!) Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHEUM .Employment Office — Japanese -
Chinese help. 426 Powell st; tel Main 5752.
WE furnish bookkeepers clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. ,415 Stockton";
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. ;tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help.! 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to
do cooking and housework; kind to children;
will go short distance in country. 794 Fol-
som st..' near Fourth.
YOUNG lady would like position as stenog-
rapher: considerable experience. Box 4873,
Call office.
YOUNG lady stenographer; 3 years' experience;
references; understands general office work.
Box 4S72. Call.
A COMPETENT lady's maid wishes position;
good eewer; best references. Call at 653
Hyde st. .
COOK for parties, or by day; Is first class; ref-
crenccs. 743 Eddy st.
CANADIAN woman wishes situation; small
family; good cook. 1517Vi Market st.
2 HOUSEWORKING""girls~want situations'.
Capital Employment Office. 112 Turk st.
A COMPETENT girl for generaT~housework
and ccok'ng. Please call at 24S3 Sutter st
GIRL wants position to do housework; is a
good plain cook. 316 Minna st.
COMPETENT American wants any kind work;
will work by the day; laundress and carpet
sweeper: good worker. Address MRS.WIL-
SON, 189 Fourth St., room 24.
WANTED — Situation as cook in country for a
few men. 162 South Park. ' -j
YOUNG lady wants position as companion to
lady; understands music; used to entertain-
ing; had experience in traveling. Box 4371.
Call office.
WILL fill . limited number of orders for ex-
clusive designs in Battenberg. Box 4045,
Call office.
WANTED — A position for fine pastry. Apply
156 Clinton park, off Valencia st., between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter, desires nice,
permanent position; office work: references;
$6 per week. Box 45S9, Call office.
A YOUNG lady speaking German as governess;
city or country; excellent references. Box
4223, Call office.
AN educated, refined lady wishes position as
housekeeper, managing or working; city or
country. Box 4837. Call office.
COLORED lady wants to do washing and Iron-
ing at home. MRS. McGEE. 1 Reglie place,
near Pierce and Greenwich sts.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wishes position
In hotel or lodging-house: references ex-
changed. Box 4906, Call office.
WOMAN, experienced hotel cook, or will do
some other work In hotel. Address J. K..
246 Third st.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman:
good cook and housekeeper; short distance in
country preferred. 1100 Powell st
AN educated refined lady wishes position as
housekeeper, managing or working, city or
country. Box 4395, Call.
A WOMAN with 10 years' experience will call
at your home and give massage. MRS. JOHN-
SON. Phone Folsom 3274.
OLD lady wishes work by the day, $1 50 day.
Address box 4556. Call office.
MOTHER and daughter wish work in one
• place. Address box 4555. Call office.
NURSEGIRB wants situation in private fam-
ily. 78 Ninth st.
WANTED— Position as managing housekeeper
by a lady of refinement and experience, or
would take charge of first-class apartment or
rooming house; references exchanged. Box '
4G73, Call office.
CHILDREN'S and misses' school dresses by
the day or at home; reasonable prices and
good work. 27B Pearl st. between Valen- I
cla. Market and Thirteenth.
SITUATION wanted as maid; can cut and fit,
or chamberwork and sewing; assist with
child; wages $25 to $30; country preferred;
best references; Protestant Box 132, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, cashier, typist; young lady;
expert accountant; all modern systems; high-
est references; last position 6 years. Box
4230. Call office.
POSITION wanted as cloak and suit ¦ sales -
lady. 1399 O'Farrell st.
SCOTCH girl wishes position as second girl.
Address 318 Fourteenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work by the
day. $1 50 day. Address box 4587. Call.
MOTHER and daughter wish situations to-
gether In hotel. Address box 4630. Call.
BY a first-class second girl with 3^a years'
city references. Address box 4G2S. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; American
cooklnc. Call 1309 Larkin st
YOUNG lady cashier wishes a position. 774
Stevenson st.
YOUNG lady wishes a Position as assistant
cashier. 1421 San Bruno ave.
STENOGRAPHER wants position. Box 4592,
Call office.
SITUATION as a talloress. 1900 Mission st
BY first-class second girl; best city references.
1024 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS housegirl best of references
Box 4568, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a position in a stationery
store. Box 4550, Call office.
GOOD woman wants work by the day. wash- '
Ing. Box 4533. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as second girl. Box 4528
Call office. ¦ •
ELDERLY lady will take care children even-
. ings, etc. Box 4564. Call office.
MILLINERY saleslady wishes position. Box
4585. Call office. ¦ .
COOK. German, is first class for parties or by
day; references; call Monday. 743 Eddy st.
LAUNDRESS wishes work by the day $1 25
prr day. 5-10 Minna st.
POSITION as housekeeper by lady of reflne-
ment and experience. Box 4360, Call office
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recepUoa
cf advertisements and subscriptions has beea
. opened at 10O£ Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.'
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
' Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
STEADY, reliable young man. 29. experienced
bookkeeper, desires place as bookkeeper or
assistant with chance of advancement; first-
class references; wages moderate to begin!
Box 48. Call office.
YOUNG man. well educated, accurate and re-
liable, with knowledge of bookkeeping and
business experience, wants position; refer-
ences. Box 23. Call office. _^^
STEADY. , reliable German, experienced in
wholesale and retail wine and liquor busi-
ness, wishes position. Address H. ENGEL.
8S7 Turk «t.
YOUNG man would i Tike a potstlon driving
milk wagon. Box 15S3. Call office.
POSITION a* cashier in ftrst-clasa hotel. Ad-
dress box 45S2. Call office. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 22OO Flllmorf.
A BRANCH office fur Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at iw»
Valencia st. __^__
FLATS TO jLET^
A— HOUSES and flat* to let: an Immense Hat:
service absolutely free: take advantage or
this department: it will save you time, and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. -43-*M#
Geary St., on the square.
NOE cor 19th — The Mission warm belt: on»
block from l»th or Castro car3; lovely, new.
modern, sunny 4 and 5 room flats; every con-
venience; mast be seen, etc.: storerooms:
rents $20 to H'7 50; water fre8. Keys o0i3
10th st .
NOE, 1050. corner Elizabeth — New 5-room flat:
modern Improvements; convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro street cars: rent reasonable.
CASTRO 421. near 17th — Sunny belt; modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 families ;cheap;stabls.
HOWARD, 2038— Upper flat; 6 rooms and
bath; every room sunny; rent $25; no chil-
dren.
TO rent— Bautiful sunny flat, carpet* for sal*
at a areat sacrifice. 1108 Masonic ave,. cor-
ner Page street _
6 ROOMS and bath; nearly new; nice garden;
basement; cheap. 4237 Twentieth St.. near
Castro.
NEW. sunny corner. 4 rooms; modern: yard:
rent reasonable. 3371 Twenty-fifth St.. near
Mission.
$22 50— NICE sunny upper flat. 6 rooms and
bath: marine view. 1128 Filbert st. near
Hyde.
A — SIXTH st. flat. 8 r. ; bath, gas; 2 rooms pay
rent. Call 462 Natoma St.. 2 to 5 p. m.
GROVE 8, few steps from City Hall — Fine flat;
5 rooms and bath.
SUNNY middle flat seven rooms; modem.
3*)5 20th st.. bet. Howard and Mission.
GUERRERO-ST. flats, 4 and 5 rooms; modern;
rent $45; must sell. Box 4633, Call office.
DOLORES. 521. near Eighteenth — 6 large «ua-
ny rootos and bath; rent $32 50.
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath: modern; op-
posite Fairmount Hotel. 1002 Sacramento st.
FILLMORE. 1120— Modern T rooms; all largs
snd light; corner; rent $40.
JONES and Broadway, southeast corner^ — Nlc«
flat to let. 6 rooms and bath; marine view.
LARGEST bat of bouses and flats to let Call
en LYON A HOAG. US Montgomery st
CAPP. 10*6 — New Cat. 6 rooms and bath;
rooms frescoed: rent $25.
NEARLY new upper Cat, 4 rooms and bath.
336^1 Tehama at.
MODERN new upper sunny flat, 6 rooms *a4
bath. S25 Cole st.
LYON. 11 H — Upper flat of 7 rooms and bath;
sunny and modern; rent $42 30.
MODERN flat cf 4 rooms at 979 Sanchez st.
'jorner of Twenty-third.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms; no children. 2 Martha
place, off Geary, near Mason.
$25—1710 WASHINGTON st.. near Polk; sun-
ny bay-window flat. » rooms and bath.
NEW. up-to-date lower flat. 5 rooms. 331
Hugo st. south of Golden Gate Park.
A NEW upper 7-room flat; marine view; sun-
ny. 8S6 Chestnut st. near Leaven worth.
SUNNY cor. upper flat, modern. 5 large rooms
and bath; $20. S.W. cor. Geary and Wood.
SUNNY, cozy lower flat. 4 rooms and bath;
rent $16. 3977 Twenty-fourth st. nr. No*.
UPPER flat — 6 rooms and bath; sunny and
modern; rent $22 50. V.0SI 2*th st. nr. Xo«.
PACIFIC ave.. 2405. near Fillmore — Flat of
8 room*; sun In every room; large garden.
! SACRAMENTOr~2ei^$45; beautiful, sunny."
modern, lower flat; 8 rooms and bath.
$22 50 — SUNNY corner flat; 7 rooms and bath;
Corner Twenty-sixth and Castro sts.
LEAVENWORTH. 1510- "Flat of 5 rooms, gas.
bath; rent $!8.
FLATS TO LET — 7T7XNXS2ED.
FURNISHED flat. 5 roorrs and bath; rent rea-
sonable: no children. 457 Haight st, near
Fillmcre.
ELEGANTLY furnished flat. 6 rooms, with
piano; rent reasonable. 2216 Polk st.
CALIFORNIA 1279T^oV N 1Sinr W wlthin "fivi
minutes" walk of Keamy st. — A part or all
the furnishings of seven rooms; private sals;
flat for rent; no dealers.
FINELY furnished flat; almost new; will sac-
rifice whole or part; piano. 1112 Hyde st:
tel. Larkin 4653.
FOR sale or exchange for vacant ground— •
Modern flats. 508 and 540 Noe st. 4045 19th.
PLATS TO LET— LAB3CSPXTB.
UNFURNISHED flats. 5 and 6 room*, bath,
hot and cold watar; electric lights; reason-
able. F. L. McCORMICK. Hotel Larkspur.
ruttxix j:\jttH TOB SAL'S.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 SO
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 340 Post st, near Poirell.
Anderson Auction House, 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes evry thing for the house; low prices.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Va!enela,nr. 16th. Tel. Church 3S79.
FOR sale — t furnished rooms; price $75; rent
$14. 70S Fulton st
PTONITTreE WANTim.
ABB LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Je>sl» T81.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlc* fa*.
nlture. etc.. until you get hla estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. pay highest prlc« for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 313.
HELP WANTED — PE3SAXS.
AN experienced chambermaid, also Z waitresses
and one experienced pantry girl, for first-
class hotel in city: best of wages. Call at
MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Suttsr st. nea*
Powell.
A COOK and general housework girl for s
country place. $40. references necessary;
strong woman to asaist In the care of as
invalid, f40; a waitress and second g'.rl.
small family, $23; a girl to do plain washing,
and chamberwork. small American family,
city, $30; a cook In a plain boaxdtng-hous*.
city. $.T0; a nursery governess for 2 children.
$35; a* capable laundress for private family.
$4O; 20 housework girls, for city and coun-
try. $30. $25. MIS3 PLUNKETT. 425 Sut-
ter st. near Powell.
A GIRL for general housework, 2 In family.
Oakland. $;S0. see lady in otflce. MIS3
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st. near Powell.
A NURSE for an Institution in country; $23.
board and room: references. MISS PLUNK-
ETT, 125 Sutter St., near Powell.
WANTED— A housekeeper on a ranch (Scan-
dinavian woman of middle age preferred)
who is willing to cook for from 1 to 3 men;
no objection to child under 5 years of agi»;
wages $15 per month. Address P. O. box 467.
Vacaville. Cal.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters
at home, evenings or spars time, and return
to us: no mailing or canvassing: $3 weekly
earned: materials free: enclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
84. Ninth st.. Philadelohia. Pa.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdre— ing!
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; position*
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school to West 233 Geary st. room 13.
A— GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
fale-iladies. etc.. guaranteed at ilO p«r wk.ua:
day and ev-nlng class. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
Halrdewing. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair wcrk. removal superfluous hair: $2
2 »ks. ; day, eve. class: positions secured-' all
parlor work at reduced prices. 133 Powell.
E^T? RIENCED T01 »ff salesladv for leathei
S 2??\ 8tore: K 0011 salary. A. A J. LEVIN,
724 Market st.
FINISHER on custom coats: wage* no object;.
•teady work. 410 Kearny «t./room si
WANTSTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1904.
13
PHTSICIANS AND SXTBGEONS. |
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence. I
1C2IH Market st. bet Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL. 1073 V, Market *t.
MALE nurse, surgical, medical, mental caaes.
462 Geary st. ; phone James 7391. . ;.* .' ?
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: tet
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at C67 Geary tt.. near Leavenwortn.
WONG WOO tbe famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st ,
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell at, tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
tomey-at-law 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market *t.
REAL ESTATE— COTTNTBY— For Sale.
640 ACRES, containing about 50.000,000 feet
of timber, sawmill, planer, stock tools, etc.;
all goes for half value; private sale. F. F.
B.. 313 Rialto bnlldlng.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y«»r.
aCENLO PABKBEAL ESTATE. t
$200 PER acre — Two 9-aere and one 4-acre J
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good ,
roads; last of this property left; M cash. I
Menlo Park — A fine country home, with }
splendid garden and magnificent trees; well
built, old-fashioned house in good condition;
for sale at a bargain; 15 acr<3. all Improved.
Fair Oaks — Land In best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; In tracts of
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to those
building immediately. ,
SELBY, RODGERS A CO.. 1
Telephone Main 673. 116 California st "
HEAL ESTATE TO ETCCHAJTOB.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPACT. s
F. A. BAKR. MANAGER. I
SUITE S0T-S08 CALL BUILDINO. E
It Is frequently the case that a party wtshei s
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest- t
ing the proceed* In a different kind of property, s
Our Ion: experience In this business enable* t
us to often accomplish this doable purpose by i
only one transaction. The only condition we a
make Is that your property. If you wish as to h
dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OP IT.-*
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own with .
worthless ottering*, or property so ne&vll/ ,
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity. '
If it has merit, whether you own real estau
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
bring a description of udm to our office, etat-
Ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
change, and yoa will b* surprised how quiciiljr
we can effect the result
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and *ra
tbe only company in San Francisco making a J
specialty of same. We make no charge tor ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
eure an exchange catlstactorr to yoa to aa-
cept.
60 ACRES. Shasta County; 160. Kings County.
to exchange. Realty Co.. Chronicle bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERT^'M^TS
» ALAMEDA SEAL ZSTATE.
FORECLOSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
Almost new 8-room house: fine marine view;
house is thoroughly modern; porcelain bath,
etc.; cement basement: $.'5000.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
The Leading and Reliable Agents.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
INVESTORS. ATTENTION!
Choice business frontage at Lorin station
for sale.
Ofrered for 7 days at a bareaJn.
H V IRW1N, LORIN STATION.
SOUTH BERKELEY.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Hopkins Terrace lots are selling fast
Positively prices raised Thursday. August 2o.
Street work all done. The most certain,
profitable investment In AlameHa County.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
IMPROVED lot for factory purposes. 123x
87-6 feet: «ewers and water: concrete founda-
tion for building: close to R. R. track: West
Berkeley. Box 1334, Call office, Oakland.
LOT 40xl"0, near Ashby station; bargain for
cash. Addre«9 Owner. 1444 Kansas st., city.
LOT£> 50x130 for $600: Central Berkeley; street
work done. W. E. FRENCH. 1311 Pine. 8. F.
BERKELEY FLATS TO LET.
TWO modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms, 3 stores, one
tloci: north of depot Corner Shattack ave.
and Berkeley way.
FRUITTALE ADVERT'S'TS
F BTJITVAI.E REAL ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE, Phone Vale 206.
Office, one-half block from Frultvale station.
Only $500 cash required: completely fur-
nifched lovely 6-room. bath, pantry, high base-
ment, brick foundation cottage; handsomely
decorated interior; steel enameled bath: hand-
some palm tree: fullr bearing fruit trees and
flowers In abundance: » blocks from car line;
graded street- school near by; lot 70x113; price
all told 51750.
$225 cash— 2 large lots. 100x245, with fine
2-story barn, 100x40 feet; large shade trees on
bank of creek; near street cars and school;
fine soil; would make good chicken ranch; no
cold winds or fog; price all told $350. bal.
monthly payments $10: building (new) now oa
property would cost alone $30O.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale are.
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3730; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages oa lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third *Tt..
Fast Oakland.
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'MTS
; O* ICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAJCLAITD BSAX ESTATE.
WATCH THIS PROPERTY— A BARGAIN.
On August 1st I had sold every piece of
property In my hands for sale except a house
and lot on the corner of Telegraph ave. and
K>th st In Oakland. Cal.: house. 2 story,
with 9 rooms; lot. 133 feet on Telegraph ave.,
by 100 feet on 59th at., extending back to
Bushrod Park; this park belongs to the city
and will be Improved next slimmer and double
' the value of this property; there is a large
open epace on the Telegraph ave. side which
will always remain open; if the lots are
made to front on this open space they are
worth all the whole property can be bought
: for: sickness and old age compel the owner
to sell at once for the best price he can get
1 See the owner on the premises, or
IRA C. JENKS,
1200 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
$3750- Reduced from $4500 for a quick sale:
this property must and will be sold: new
t colonial house of 7 rooms, bath; lot 5Cx
' 1"5; neighborhood fir»t class and con-
venient to Key route station, between
Telegraph ave. and Broadway; terms only
$730 cash, balance mortgage; space is too
expensive to d-scribe this property as u
should be; to see it means to buy It and I
to fully appreciate it both as a bargain
I and a home. g
i | 10C2 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. '
1 '» $750 cash. $14 75 monthly: neat cottage; 4
rooms; nice closet and pantry, bath, etc;
barn, chicken-houses, chicken runs; ycung
- orchard and flowers; 10 lots, all fenced, 125x
r 236: Al soil: fine welt of soft water: away
from cold wlnd» and fog; adjolnlne Eaat
Oakland: near electric car line and 90-foot
r boulevard; good neighbors, surroundings;
price in all $1SOO. Call or send for circular.
435 Seventh St.. opp. Broadway station, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z JONES, owner.
* A GENUINE SNAP.
Nice cottage, 0 rooms and bath, stationary
1 wash tubs, brick foundation, high basement:
sunny front; fine water supply, with windmill
and tank: price $2COO. 101 3 24th st.
- OAKLAND I-UKMIS.HXP BOOMS.
1 Two nicely rurnlsheU rooms; gent* playing
chess preferred. 724 Sixteenth «t M Oakland.
OAKIAKD rUR5ITUE2 POB SALE
r TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas,llth 8t.cor.store,Oakland.
£": MONXrsrjTO JiOAJJ\
Xaa— herman' murphy, m i
601-602-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save exDenses by dealing directly.
Fs*ates, second mortgages, undivided inter- r
estt; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. 3
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When Tou Need Money -
See HERMAN MURPHY. *
WILL LOAN"
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country. j
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars „
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office. -
SALARY LOANS—;
Money loaned salaried people without secur- ¦
lty or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrctt bldg. I "
. , _ — I 6
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no I
removal; no publicity; also on real estata:
1st or 2nd mortgage or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 38 Geary, room 36. -
1 HIGHLY respectable crlvate place to obtain J
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at *.
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market: tel. Main 1&44. Branch 19 Third. _
' MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins '
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND -
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Etockton; phone Bush 484.
1 MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer- 1
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without *
security: easy payments; large business In 43
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bld«r.
: MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market at *
; LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. f
: 1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal; t
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick, f
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st.. rm.21. \
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and Ereclous stones bought ,
at XV. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people „
Just on their note: easy payments. 500 Rial- j
to bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security, diamonds or chattels; no fee: no
com. Cal. Loan Co., 62G Parrott bldg. j
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and '
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st •
TO salaried people without security; on furnl- (
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. 1
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building. '
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see i
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
LOANS to salaried p«ople privately without se- i
curity. PIONEER CO.. 818 MaFket st.suite 31. j
ON real estate and chattels. E. w". LICK. !
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market st
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried '
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg. '
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent '
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. MS Kearny. <
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. v 8 Eddy st. (
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without •
indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
arusiCAL nrsTBUMEirrs. '.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos — Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
• average rooms, big pianos for large parlor*,
halls, etc; pianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
some at $2. a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo. : cur own make pianos at $3
per mo (the best instrument offered for the
money In S. F.JJ a fine line of elegant large '
planes for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 in- '
straments to select from, t.\l of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT- '
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayea st .
6 GOOD ORGANS— CHEAP. •
Beatty. 24 etop», walnut case.... $20
Taber, 8 stops, walnut case 23
Wllcox & White, 0 stops, walnut case.... 23 .
Packard. 10 stops, walnut case 30
Lyon &. Healy, 11 stops, oak case 49
Ectey, 2 manual, 12 steps 60
All fancy tops and cases — good order.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell *t '
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS — Ea«y . Payments.
Erard, small upright for practice $40
Woodworth & Allovon. splendid order... 65
Neumann, mahogany caee, a bargain.. 123
Sherman. Clay 4: Co., good order 133
Grovesteen * Fuller, splendid order...". 143
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase: low-
est terms, lowest prices and greatest va-
riety of new Dianos; all makes In used in-
struments. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary St.; Oakland, 1202 Broadway: largest
exclusive piano house and only manufac-
turers here.
A SACRIFICE on account of departure — A
large 3-ped. uprglht piano; same as new.
Call 143 Sixth gt. '»
FLUTE (Boehm). low and high pitch: war-
ranted; cheap. 532 Vallejo; Sunday 12 to 2.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st.
A LOT unredeemed! storage pianos, furniture,
dirt cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt
ONE month piano rent free on planes rented
in July and August BRUENN. S25 Sutter.
A FISCHER upright piano for eale; as good as
new. $135. 237 Geary st.
$C0 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st
SOHMER. Byron Mauiy pianos Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Pott »t
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 18 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Stelnway up;Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little uted. Keeffe's. 285 O*Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call.
1< page*, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yar
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LOWER part of 425 Sutter St.; suitable for
business purposes.
LONG lease on fine store: best retail district
Box 4878. Call office.
STORE to let. also large light back store. In-
quire 210 Eddy st.
PEBSONALS.
".REXRADIO," the famous "Radium King."
having at my offices (Instantly) cured me
and numerous friends of alleged "Incurable"
diseases, I gratefully offer to pay treatment
for 100 "hopeless" sufferers (free to them);
others can come and witness the astounding
cures made; 2 to 4 p. m. "Broker," 2tf
Montgomery tt. suite 21. "
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat etc. Bold by ail druggists for
ever 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 32 Turk *t. 8. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cUanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers*
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..l33S Polk.
L. AND K.*-See at the corner, cf Montgomery
and Vallejo sts.. Wednesday or Thursday
evening at 8; say. which It will be; answer
4—7. |
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
tkln. mouth, bones, etc.) epeedlly cured by
(killed epeciallst from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
AT tees than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market t ¦
YOU can buy $75 Trortl* of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 CO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post »t. near Powell.
. Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Ka ten. 3&> Sutter. Miss Eaton, X33 Gea r y,r.£8.
- SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by eleo-
i trie needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Market st
- CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent 3363
• Seventeenth; country orders; cor. solicited.
* THOROUGH Instruction In all branches derma-
* - telogy. beauty work. Europ. prof., 440 Geary.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
v«sU for $14 75. Fred Wagr.er. S30. Market
. LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at 1810 Sutter *t
3 ELEGANT suit to crd-r A 1 ex. pair pa.itJ.S13.
LEON LEM03. 1127 Mkt st. bet 7th and 8th.
~ MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verlte hair-
; dressing parlors) to A45 Market, next Palace.
5 MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. " GARIN. 138 Montgomery »t
,* TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO; dress pant* %2 &O.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor.' Bush and Dupcnt
• Actir.a restore* lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3324 19tb. nr. Valencia
L MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
¦* country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
d ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restore* cray
hair to Its. natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
_ LOST AKD rOPNP.
DIAMOND crown pin set in platinum about
<>r.« liu-h wiile. lost on Friday. August lu, in
8an Francisco on 3:o0 train to San Mat'.o;
¦•ib*-ral reward. Return to H. G. STEVEN-,
EON, 532 Market St., room 2.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco in the
name of ELLEN M. HARLOE; No. 277-35.S.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings -
and Loan Society cf San Francisco. In the
name of -SARAH FEE.NEY, No. 2*2-1572.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — On Sunday afternoon, between Twenty-
third, Misslen and Eighteenth sts, fur boa.
Return Red Cross Drug Store, Twenty-fifth
and Kolsom sts.; reward.
ON train No. 14, light brown suit case marked
on *nds "W.J.S.P." Return to 2201 Scott
«t. : ?2O reward; no questions.
LOST — August 22, brown, curly-haired, long-
eared water spaniel. 1C0 Leavenworth at. ;
reward.
LOST — In vicinity of Hart apartments, gold -
lover's knot. 750 Ellis »t. ; reward. i
' LOST— One certificate of the Independent Red
Men's Hall Association of ten shares (No.
C07), Issued in favor of Jos. Melczer; all per- -
sons are cautioned against negotiating for ]
the same, as transfer has been stopped. C.
, G. BOLSDCRFF. Sec. 199 Fourth at. '.
I LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Sav- j ;
' ings and Loan Society of- San Francisco, in { J
the name of GEORGIA W. M'CLUSKEY,
! No 2S2.292; the finder will please return I
to bank. • | .
LOST—Friday evening, lady's solitaire dia-
mond ring. Tiffany setting, on Laguna st.
or in Jefferson Square: valued as gift. Lib-
eral reward at 1418 Geary st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings i
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of CATHERINE DESMOND. No. 180- -
£27. The finder will please return to bank. *
LOST — All of our competitors; reduction In
prices and quality of stock did It. SHIBELEY ;
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter st. phone Grant '
197; 1204 Sutter at., phone East 817.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th- Weekly Call. <
I 1ft pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y**''-
I LAPWCEE3 rOB STHE.
C A. McNEILI. LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
et ; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J.. Mlchaells Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf : boat- '
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel. John 2686.
MATRIMONIAL. ;
GENTLEMAN. 45. feme means, would like to
mee^ K' rI tnat works In private family; ob-
Ject matrimony. Box 4032. Call office.
MATTRESSES AHD PILLOWS.
TO order ;renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
PROS.. 1432-34 Howard st: phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, eure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; co ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm tbe only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON, otflc- 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularitlen: Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 828 Fost at
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable epeclallst for all f*T
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 Vs Market st, opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ail who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
• complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
• advice free. Office -1018 Marketet.
DR. end Mrs. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth st, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, never falls;
$2 Gleason-Ruggles Drug-Co.. Kearny * Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st, corner
26th: ladies, relief or no fee; $10. ..
MINING AND ASSAYING.
$15,000 WANTED — First mortgage; brk-k thea-
ter: business block; eood leases: 10 per cent
interest. HAYES, owner, Napa.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Bealt at.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-1U7 Fremont *t
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay;
ne«ds no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-2£5 Spear st
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st. room 12. upstairs.
CENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton it
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstalns.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shc.es at $2 50; we pay express
charge*. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
FOR sale — Pair of sorrel horses, 17 bands high
and weigh about 1200 lbs each. Apply 118
Market st.
TYPEWRITER, Smith Premier No. 4; only
" used 3 weeks; cheap. 2120 Center st,
Berkeley. ¦
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds' a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
GALV. chimney tops and wash trays In stock.
THOS. SHIELDS, 548 Mission st.
TWO well bred nicely marked fox terrier pup-
pies. 042 Fc'.« >m at.
TWO well bred nicely marked fox terriers pup-
pies; female. 942 Folsom st.
FLEAS — Formula to get rid of fleas; send 10c
by mall. Box 4993. Call.
FOR SALE — Genuine water spaniel puppies at
42S Natoma St. CHARLES COLEMAN.
FOR SALE— Cheap, complete butcher shop out-
fit and refrigerator. 517 Gough st
BARGAIN — A billiard table and outfit com-
plete. $50. 155 Seventh at.
ROOMS papered; $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third. ;teI.Maln 413.
NEERGAARD, Cosmetic Co., 242 Post St. half
price for Dr. Neersaard's depilatory.
2D-HAND build' g material, lumber.doors.sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market
1 DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
1 McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st: tel South SI I.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $S0: worth
$100. GARIX l&S Montgomery »t-
, FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DK. '
* C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market et
r EAFES and cash registers, new and second-
* Cftnd. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand: price*
j right at Richardson Bro*.'. 1816 Market «c
r MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, renlal:
1 bargains. Bullard & BrecK. 131 Port sf.
: SOME good Zd-hand gaeollne engines, 1 to 12
c h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
¦ SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
" MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
' GASOLINE* engines, automobiles and launches;
* all *tze#. J. K. DOAK. 4« Fremont st.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dla-
* ¦; mend?,- gents'» full dress suits, etc; send
; postal card. " LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
'¦, -Etockton »t ' . _ ..
¦ HIGHEST prices for ladles', gentlemen'* cast-
off cloth., etc. 022 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3322.
¦* BARN wanted; 7 stalls and room for three
.wagons. . Apply 3 Eddy st. room 6.
! HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing. TeU
' Davis 823; €50 Sacramento st • ' ' ¦
f TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 9th st ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
SEAL^ESTATE— CITY— -TOB SALE^
BALDWIN & HOW ELL.
23 Put -t
$S3,C0O — Elegant sunny, northwest corner resi-
dence on Broadway; marine *i«w, etc;
7 bedrooms, bath^;. toilets, etc
$11,500 — Owner must sell; make an effer: " ele-
gant new ilats; always rented, at $'.»7 50
rer month: n» repairs: mortgage $tiof;«>
<~an remain; fierce »t.. within ICO fe»»t
of car line: sunny side of «tri?et; cail
for particulars of this; worth investi-
gating.
$3.250 — Rents" $3O p^r month; property Just
listed for sale: tht* i» a splendid lltt!*
income property: pays you four times
as much as bank Interest: 2 flats of 5
rooms .and bath each: rents are low;
fiats are never lill*": bit-jmlnized street,
nr. corner ISth and Valencia sts.
$3.S0O— Oak st. clf.se in: two f.a".3 of 5 and 8
rooms and bath each: rent $47 30 per
month; price reduced for Immediate
sale; very cheaD.
$4,500 — Leavenworth st.. nr. Broadway: two
flats of 4 and 5 rooms; in good order;
rents $32 ter month.
$3,750 — Broadway, nr. Le*avenworth; two Rats
of 4 and 5 rcoma anil bath each;
steadily rented at $37 per month.
$S.0CO — Sacramento it., nr. Spruce: lot 23x
107:6 two new up-to-date flats of 5
and 6 rooms and bath; rents $C5 per
month.
$lfl,5C0 — Pacramento-st. business property, on
• north side: new Improvements; store
• and two fiats: rents $U5'» per m>>nth;
I pays H p*r cent net: leased for five
I years; large lot, 41:Sxl27:ftV*-
$4.500— Vickrtarg st.. nr. 22d; lot 28:8x117:*
to rear st. ; nearly new residence of 7
rooraa and bath; must be seen to be
appreciated.
Send to our office for a ccpy of the Buyer
and Seller, our monthly cataloirue, contatnlns
a complete list of pror^rtits tor sale: free tor
the asking.
V.*e have a branch office at the corner of H
st. and 7th ave., fronting th« F*rk. Take
Kills and Devtsnd^ro st. carsv Ofnce open
Sundays and holidays. Horse and phaeton tt>
show you around. Most complete list of Sun-
set Richmond. Park Jfront, Parnassus) Height*
and Ocean boulevard home bulling lot on
the market. Also cottages, homes and flats.
Your own terms — small first payments), bal-
anch easy monthly installments. Go out to-
day and be shown arounU.
W. J. GUNN.
5CO CALIFORNIA STHEET.
(Savings Union Building.)
Pacific Heights choice building
sites, with grand marine view; ba-
salt blocks laid: street work done .
and accented. The view is a per-
fect panorama. Sun morning and
afternoon. In subdivisions to- suit.
$3, COO — Union St.: sunny side; 5Cxi:;7:'J; Cn»
marine view.
$1,700 — Union St.; 27:fixllft: on nunr.y sMe;
very cheap; fine location for Uats; ;na-
rine view.
$2.150 — Webster st. corner: 23xtCO; a bargain.
i'itSO*^— Steir.er st. corner; 50x100.
$14,000— Green st. : runny sndf; OSiOx!*^; ljok»
down on Presidio and bay; grand mar.ne
view; street bitunjiniie<l.
$3.CO> — IMerce st. cottage; 4n fins condition;
well built: 5 good sized rooraa and b. r. :
large basement; basalt block* en *freet;
a bareain; easy terms.
$3,0C0— Clement an.1 tfth ave.; 82:4x100; t»st
business corner in Richmond: $U«x) cf-
fered for It last month; will pay bij
Interest to lmorove.
$3,750 — Clement and 10tn ave.: northeast cor.;
32:6xlco; a splendid, sunny hx. to im-
prove with fiats and store; likely to bet
a transfer corner.
$4,2jO — Clement and 12th ave.: Tso--t!iea.rt cor-
ner; 12f>xr>o, with the grealor frontage
en sunny side; a grand corner for 9 flats
and "toro; fine buy.
$2.100 — 11th ave., near Clement: 2 lot*. fOx
ICO; cheat).
Sl.StiO fr^r both — 2 lots; east rtie 11th ave..
bet. Point Lob's an<V A; 5<>xl2v>; very
cheap; a bargain: street work done;
ready for buiMins.
$2.100 — 7th ave.; 2 lots; 50x120; near C sc;
cheap.
$7,000 — Two new flats; best part of Richmond;
extra well built; 2jx11M>: both renwd;
flr« class; a good interest paying in-
vestment.
$3,750 — 7th ave. corner; 87:6xlCO: near C
st; very cheap: good location for stor»
and Cats.
$000— SplendH bargain: large siied lot; 57:ftx
ICO; NW corner m Richmond; about on
the grade: well located: without excei>-
\ tion the finest buy ncrth of the Park:
peremptory order to sell.
$2CX> — Cheap: Richmond lot: 25x120: well
worth $30O: near the Park; not much
money for a lot In a growing city like
thla
$1,530 — <>th ave. ; well located: lot north of
Lake: 25xT_0: toward the Presidio wall;
adjoins beautiful residence: ready for
building: street work done.
$1,600^ — Greenwich: sunny side; marine view;
lot: cheap: 28:10V-xi37:6. •
W. J. GUNN,
530 CALIFOP.NIA STREET.
FOR SALE BY
W. B. McGERRY A CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
230 Bush st Mills Building.
Telephone Bush 8U2. t
SPECIAL.
SPECL\L.
Nos. 59-«l-«3 Noe st. rear Duooce Park: S
new, modern, np-tc-date flats of 6-«-6 rooms
and bath each; must positively be sold this
week: rents $1440 per annum guaranteed; lot
23x162 feet; agent on premises from. 11 a> m.
to 3 p. m. Sunday.
SPEdAL.
SPECIAL.
SPECIAL.
ONLY A FETT LEFT.
; $1 25 PER WEEK.
1 NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homnttad
' Tract; level as a billiard table: on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from th«
1 Mlssion-st. electric can: secure one as aa
' investment and by the time It la paid for It
1 will have doubled In value the way prices
' hare advanced during the past year: buy
now before prices become prohibitive tn this
1 rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery, st. r. tt. Phone Main 3704.
>
ELFGANT home In Mission warm belt; S larg«
sunny rooms: stable and carriage house in>
! rear; lot 30x114 feet; will be sold for les*
than cost cf Improvement*; on easy terms.
i Apply 1334 Castro st. near Twenty-fonrta.
1
$4C0O— REDUCED from $4730 In order to maka
" quick sale: two-story house and lot on norta,
side of O'Farrell st, near Devtsadero; con-
taining 9 rooms and bath: this property must
be sold Immediately. Investigate at once.
' Apply R- McCOLGAN. rooms 301-303 Ex-
1 aminer bolld'.nz.
• $1CPO— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, large yard; 220
• 2Sth st; with rood ccal business. $300—
' Cottage 4 rooms; 3 lots; 714 Munich st. Lot
f in the Mission on easy terms. D. COFFIN,
• 232S Mission st. bet 21st and 22d-
1 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT— South Mir-
a ket- bouse 7 room*: lot 20x60: can be made)
• into fiats at small cost 410 Kearny at,.
J room 8. -
m LOTS eouth cf park to exchaaf* lor city prop.
erty; will pay cash difference. 410 Kearny
st. room 9.
; FOR- eale — Cheap, neat cottage; 4 rooms and
" bath: terms same as> rent. Apply owner,
x lumber yard. cor. Army and Condon sts.
!_ '
n A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot included.
y any location, on $1 23 per week. Mutual
° Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
d 1 GUERRERO-ST. flats, 4 and 3 rooms; modern;
a rent $45; must sell- Box 4633. Cail.
§AI-L work cue-ranteed first d*M* by ABL-
BACH A MATER, plmnber*. 836 Howard «8.
4 A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
; 18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
5 r ¦ • - t
« SAK MATEO SSAX SSTATX.
y WU^ J ..^ O . » „ . > i. . i. ¦ ¦.....!« " ~»»~m~~.
'! LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electria
' l cars- 43 minutes from 5th and Market; *ewer
L : and "water pipe* to each let; electric light*.
etc.: 60-fooi lots frota $323 to $4OU: terms.
$10 down and $W a month: get off at "Lcmita
Park" and Investigate; maps sent oa appli-
cation.
•w SELBT. RODGERS A CO..
t . Tel. Main 67S. lit California st
ii -
TYPE"WSITE3S A2TO JTCTPyLrBSL^
AN~ex-eptlonal!y seed No. 2 Remington. No. 1
_ Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters al
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 30. Th«
1 Typewriter Exchange. 306 California et.
= 2D-HAND typewriters • sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co.. 308 Market.
£ Continued on Page Fourteen.
HELP WAITTEP— PEMALS— Coa. j
U'.WTRY rook, hotel $50
l*a*tr> oook. delicatessen ?:;!)
•V.cx.k. German etyle $;5
4 cocks. German and American families...
$3U and $.C>
lit-ad waitress jr.s
Woman and child, email ranch *:«
. .:: &',u*pke»;.«-s %\z, $20 and *2o
i itirU $25
Maiu and seamstiT** $U5
.Nurs*. two children t.iZ
:< nttreuc*. city and country $25
Man ano wife, steward and waitress *7i>
, « two grown children, hotel... $25
< "hsJBbemutjd »cd mending, institution. .$25
• Icar.ing woman. hcm» $1<*
Chambermaid and laun*2rrss, family work. *2J
. 1'oner. country laundry $30
.".j general housegirls, city and country, $20.
$-•5. t?M. *35. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
. '*>.. 3T.4 S-JttT gt.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOY'ES' RECORD CO.
Rrfincd bous^k-rper. 4 to 7 adults, $25 and
footad, Berkeley.
Wattless, country, 120 and found.
IteccpUon lady, millinery, bring referenres,
*S week.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
SCO Hearst building.
CAPITAL EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
112 TURK ET. 112 TURK ST.
Female Help of All Nationalities
Furnished
On Short Notice.
. WOMEN and Hrls to work en fruit; dean.
hta'.thy place; positively higher wages paid
than at axy ether cannery. Code-Portwood
L'ltnir.f Co.. Tenth and Bryant sts,
GIRLS wanted to trim oa men's hats. Pacific
Coa*t Hat Works. 14TS Market st.
¦WANTED — To>urg lady fcr reception room cf
clairvoyant; one who desires to learn the
. .¦->.:..-« preferred. Address DR. BETIERO,
3fcS Geary st; etate salary.
WANTED — A cerspeunt girl for second work
and waiting: references required. Apply
tuuthwett corner cf Chestnut and Hyde sts.
, in_ tbe forenoon.
NEAT, re'iable girt TOt general housework and
<ock!r.g: fst'.l family; wages $50. 60 Carl
i-!.. near Cole.
A 'FIRpT-CLASS operator for tent work; $10
*V'r »«^k. 1139 MlMlon St.
A NEAT G»rman cr Pcar.ainartan girl for gen-
eral fcous*«crk. 621 Larkin et.
WANTED — A wet nurse. Apply at 715 Golden
<;attr ave.
AN apprentice wanted at dressmaking; paid
while l#«raing. t*G4 T.Z&T st
WANTED — An errand girl. 1111 Van Ness
avenue.
WANTED — Your.g girl I'.vir.g heme to take
care pf little girl of 2 years during day. Ap-
ply 11C6 Broadway.
A YOfNG girl, general housework; wagee $20.
<47 f*:: «.
V? A NTED— Apprentice girl. E. MESSAGE^
145 Po«t fa., • •; f.k ar.d suit house.
TALENTED amateur r*rforraers. Apply at
CT.ate*. 6 p. m.. Wednesday; salary no object.
. WANTED — A competent riri for general
housework in ¦ entail family, $30. Apply
mornings. 12Z6 Sherman st,. Alameda; Mor-
toa station, narrow gauge.
COOK — 4 people, private family; good salary
to s*v«d cook. Call tc-day. Sunday, 10 to 11
a rn., C42 Commercial *t
# WANTED — Experienced cannerg and cutter*;
steady, work: highest wage* paid; fare $1.
Ulo Vista C*nr.lr.g and Packing Co.. P.
D. Code Jr.. Meet.. Rio Viit*. Cal.
ALL kind* help wanted. Cattell'e Employ-
ment Bureau. 525 Eighth st., Oakland; high-
est waf<?s.
OLD-ESTABLISHED business house wants
roj-1 traveler; security required. Box 4785,
Tall cff.ee.
V A NTED— C lady canvassers. Great West-
(¦rr, "T*m. Company. 147S Market et.
GIRL fcr general hou»*wcrk. three in family.
Call after Sunday. 3173 Twenty-first «t '.
MA NTED — Good hand for dressmaking; also
apprentices. 1527 Mason *t.
WANTED — A pU-1 to do general housework.
T'.<1 McAUittpr *t, near Octavla-
WOMEN to work In cannery. Webrter st bl-
;»•*!! McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
AT Mrs. Lamberts. 41«< Powell et. ; neat help
>A ali nationalities wasted to fill positions.
WANTED— Millinery azjjrentice girls. 131
Toet st.
FHIRT cr«»r»tors. 715 Mission Et
HELP WANTED — ™*T-TE.
AT Vb* CALT5OBX1A EMPLOYM'T AGENCY,
1* -id »t.. n-ar Call blig. ; phene Bush 4C3.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK— Nevada.
SO t'Rmrtprs. $2 to a day.
2o iabuw-e. $2 50 a fiay.
SHIP TO- DAT— FEE $1.
MINES.
4 machine miners. $:*u a month.
2 mucker*, same i>lac*, $75 a month.
19 lumber ril*»r«, «4Q and found.
1 ° !i yLTdlseo, sawmill, t40 and found.
Young man, butcher, cut meat.
city Job, J14 per ve«k.
Lcther. contract, city, W.000. $3 M.
lo labcrtrrs. south. $2 25 day.
4 •, ..- :r> n > r. near city. $2 25 a day.
T- laborers, near city, 8 hours, $2 <l*y.
Z teamsters, city, $2 CO day.
3 fruit, pickers, prunes, gobotna Co., $30.
ti pick (..runes, $2 00 per ton.
YOING U«rke*j*r, $13 'asd board: hotel stew-
¦-.' . and wife, >70 and found; cook ar.d wife.
$45 sad tottad; kitchen man and wife, $50
and found; cook for men, C2S and found:
cuok for Institution; head waiter, $40 and
(Viund: ¦errand man for fcakerj'. $25 and
'tKwJ; k,t ..• r. men. dishwashers and others.
J. F.'cnOSCTT & CO.. 62> Saeracsento it
STICTCJ^TIMAN. $50 and founi; logway man,
. S35 And found; blacksmith's helper. $1 23
* day anfl boerd; wood turner. $2O week; car-
,-ir" palcter. $.1 day: z woodchopper*. $1 23
cord; fanner and wife. $50 ani found; and
others. J. F. CROSETT A CO., C2S Saera-
Bwatn rt.
.THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
. F,urcit!er, experienced, «*al Jackets, $3 60.
> Bill clerk who lives with parents, JO to start
Strpag Wy. candy helper, $7.
Tvq wrappers, aged 14. $5.
Window «'.r» -st" rv $50, $73.
*l«r«.ug-ht*iE*n. »60. • -
Swncgrarher, $25 to start.
r*tenofT*pbw, Benicia. $15 week to start;
« good chance for bright young man.
Manager, wholesale and retail shoes. 1150.
il-.r.'j'r. wholesale and retail dry roods,$150.
Good boy* wanted daily, $4 to $4.
• THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
l-i' Hearst building.
~ ~ AT H3RD A SMITH'S. "
Contractors' Acnt*. Hi Third rt
•Timekeeper, bis company. $50 and found.
• Bartender, German, city, $33 asd foand.
.Men to v.'.'t. prunes. $1 and found.
Teamsters near city, $2 25.
. <-¦ J Abet era. «*.n- 1 work. $2; near city.
Painter, fare 10c. contract Job.
Rainh i.ar.<i. south, $25 and found.
A«ph*Jt n-orker*. «tr*et work, $3. -
ANDRE'S office. 317^ Stockton *t — Second
cook, plain hotel, near Reno. $45 and fare;
assistaxt cook for resort. $40 and fare both
ways; third cook, city, 143; good dlshwazb«r
$'J»; tellbcy $10; coachman and do chores,
" city. $30. etc.
Contractor* and emplayers of libor throughout
*tb« Etate *3 communicate with Independent
. dnploj-mect Agency. €12 Merchant *t-, 8. T.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery st.r.12
— Cock, *75; 2 cooks. $50; bar porter, $23;
assist Clerk, office boy, $20.
1OUNO men everywhere, copy letters, home
«-vtr.:r.f«. fJ 30 *re«k; send addressed en-
velcp* fcr particulars. Manager Dept. 8 4,
boa 1411. Philadelphia. Pa. .
EOT wantca to drive delivery wagon for
butcher. Palm Market, McAllister and L*.-
funa ft*.
' ONE or tw» m«o to Iearn a good trade; steady
wcrk; no eight or Punday work; $25 security
required. Apply SlOVs FcUcm st. opstalra.
lit YOUNG men having 1 or 2 years' experience
« typesetting. EDWARD KNOWLE3 CO..
24 Second tt.
GOOD faying barber chop for sale; guaran-
' te*d. with lease. 222H East ct. cr. Folsom,
WANTED— Barber et Ploxa Barber Shop.
.Oakland. •
A GOOD carriage blacksmith helper; call early.
1370 Turk tt - ¦
° Industricus German, tending bar. winehouse;
. " references; marriejj preferred. Box 4006, CalL
V A NTED — Boys to deliver telegrams; wares
125 to $33 r*r month. Apply 300 Montgomery.
WANTED — Young man* with -one each ffir
syndicate buetness. HIS Market st. room 1.
-KALg-^Contlnged-^
A— MURRAY & READY. C34 and C3tS Clay Bt.
Phone Main T.S4*.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We spe*k tfce German, French. Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and I
banish languages. j
1903 W* Gave 1901 We Hope to I
60,000 Men Work. Increase 00,000.
He has arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of the United States (
Government work being done close
to '-Vaiisworth, in State of Nevada.
Cost only $1 olfice fee. See boss.
Muckers. $7".. See boss.
Ti-u.ni alt- rt. $73. See boss.
Laborer*. $75. See boss.
Driller*. $:h). See boss.
Concrete mixers, $75. « See boss.
FOR LUMBER SYNDICATE.
MILLS, WOODS AND FACTORIES.
45 laborers, for mills and yards, $00.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
63 laborers for woods and camps. $tX>.
YOU'LL SUIT: TAKE IT. '
125 lalwrers to build exteusion of II. R. for
this lumber company in woods. JtiO.
ANY LABORER WILL DO.
CO men, Co anything, box factories, $50.
STEADY JOB YEAR ROUND.
45 boys, different easy jobs, mills, $30 fd.
PEPARING L. R. R.
65 laborers to repair R. R. In woodsy $67 50.
MECHANICAL.
4 bench hands. pUning mill, $3 60 day.
12 coopere. 10c barrel.
Head lineman, woods. $75.
6 good iron molders. steady, good Jobs.
TINSMITH. $3 50.
12 carpenters, different city and country Jobs, | t
$J to $4 .5ay.
5 painter*, housework, city job. $-1 day.
6 blacksmiths, different Jobs, $3. $2 50 day. !
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 630 Clay st.
A— GOLD MINES!
16 machine miners, $90 and $S2 50
YOUNG MEN TO LEARN MINING. ;
12 young men to work about mines, $30 fd. J
FARMS— STABLES.
15 men for farms, $:«". $33, $45 found. :
5 stablemen, city and country, $30 to $50 fd.
Milkers, choreboys and men. Other help.
OIL FIELDS.
12 laborer*, experience not wanted. $67 50.
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS.
16 teamsters, different city and country Job*.
$C0.
15 laborer*, different city and country Jobs,
$00. .
12 plow teamsters, construction work, $67 50. :
MONTEREY BY THE SEA.
15 laborers, can you handle a shovel? $67 50.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
C5 laborers, special R. R. car to-day $57 50.
MURRAY &. READY. " '¦
KU-G36 Clay »t.
A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
13 hotel and B. H. cooks. $35. $40. $50. $60
4 cooks for ranches. $20, $30. $35 found.
3 cook*, haypress camps. $2.". $30, $35 found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BELL AND
ELEVATOR BOY'S.
J 2 waiters, different city and country Job*
$30. $40.
LAUNDRY. .
Ironer. country laundry, $15 week.
2 6tarrh ironers. country $12 week.
MURRAY &l READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— GO TO ~~~
Lo* Angeles. San Bernardino.
Highland, Pomona. Rediands,
Riverside Districts.
Center of the great orange and lemon belt,
where the sun shines year round; any man
can work every day.
Teamsters wanted, you'll suit $eo
FARE ONLY $4 fiO. BY SANTA FE R. R.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— ITS NEW IT'S NEW ITS NEW
WORK.
155 Italian laborers. $60.
155 Austrian laborers. $00.
MURRAY & READY, 634-635 Clay st
A GANG edgerman. $65 to $'.*> found.
C5 wocdehorpeiT different Jobs. $1 75 cord.
5 IRON MOLDERS.
2 brushmakers. $1 to *1 20 per M.
GOLD MINE BOSS HERE.
4 machina miners, $82 50
FOREMAN BITUMEN WORK.
B^nch hand, planing mill, fare $1, $."? 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay St.
JACKSCREWER for woods. $40 found.
GANG EDGERMAN. $100.
10 laborer* big mine co.. you'll do, $52 50.
TWO BELLBOYS $15 FOUND.
MURRAY' & READY, 634-«6 Clay st.
A — 10 LABORERS, special Job to-day. $67 50.
LOOK.
Man. drive butcher wagon. Tare $1. $25 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— THESE ~~ ~~~~
Came on Midnight Mail. Phone. Telegraph.
Every Line Read
Carefully.
STABLES— BLACKSMITH SHOPS.
LUMBER.
Donkey foreman, enlpe logs, cut brush, $50
and found.
• EXTRA SPECIALS.
H laborers, city, board home. $2 25 day.
CM or middle-aged man. keep books, answer
phone.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
12 muckers, laborers will do, $i~ 50.
3 timbermen. gold quartz mine, $30.
5 experienced placer miners, boss here. $82 SO.
6 email boys, light work. city. 75c to $1 day.
Woodturner, city Job, $3 50 day.
6 farm hands, same ranch, north. $30 found.
Baker's helper on fcr*ad. $7 week and found.
LOOK.
Families for prune and grape picking, $1 60
to $2 50 per ton.
AGAIN.
4 machine miner?, $UO.
Ml'RBAY & P.EADY. 634-638 Clay st.
A^ CAN YOU FILL THESE?
Stableman, 10 horses, also drive, special job,
$2 day.
Tcol sharpener for a mine, boss here, $3 day.
Spool tender, lumber co.. fare $2, $:io found.
Woodworker, pine furniture, city Job. $2 day.
FRUIT PICKERS; THAT'S TOU.
18 fruit pickers. different Jobs. $30 and fd.
EXTRA GOOD JOBS.
2 boys; easy, good Job; you'll suit; $6 week.
SEE US QUICK.
Dishwasher, sawmill camp, $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. €34 and €30 Clay st
A — NEAR SAN FRANCISCO. 25c fare.
18_ two an! four horse teamsters. $C0 to
$67 50.
FOR A COMMERCIAL BANK.
T?amsten>. fare $1; take It; $."52 50 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
A— GOLD QUARTZ~MINE.
BOSS AT OUR OFFICE TO-DAY. See him.
0 machine mineis. $S2 50, $90.
6 chuck tenders, $75.
8 hand miners, $75.
3 timr>*nnen. $S2 50.
3 tirr.bermen's helpers, $75.
Good board, beds, rooms, baths and reading-
room. $22 50 month. NO BLANKETS
WANTED.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 838 Clay st
A^ RAILROAD COMPANY."
OWN SECTION AND TRACK WORK.
25 laborers; we advise you to take it; J00.
General Manager Here.
MUP-RAY & READY. «4 and 636 Clay st
A — FOREMAN, city factory, make tables, etc.
$3 day.
TOL-LL SUIT.
4 laborer*, placer mine, you'll milt fare re-
funded after 30 day*' work. $S2 60.
MUST CALL EARLY.
3 waiters, same hoitel. fare $1 60, $35 found.
2 waiters. No. 1 hotel. $30 found.
SPECIAL.
Blacksmith, north, fare paid. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and £36 Pay st
A^ BAKERS. ETC.
Foreman baker, tee us, $25 week.
Confectioner,* see us, $20 week.
4 bench hands, see us. $17 week.
Baker** helper on cakes, 10c fare. $7 week.
Pantry fllahwaaher, first-class hotel, $25 fd.
Baker, southern town, extra good Job, $8 to
$10 week.
TIMEKEEPER.
Young man, large vineyard, boss here, $40 fd.
Boy. paint shop, special Job, $5 week.
Boy, tend grocery store, live home, $5 week.
MECHANICAL.
Sewing machine operator experienced in shoe
busln»«. 25c fare, $2 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-638 Clay st
A— FREE FARE.
23 laborers. $1 70 day. ¦
ONLY $1 OFFICE FEB.
20 miles away. S. F. R. R. own work.
MURRAY & READY. «34-C38 Clay st.
A— FIRST cook. $68: «econd cook. $35 found.
Man. some experience carriage painting,
735 and found.
Man to burn charcoal, contract
Crosscut sawyer, lumber co.. $50 found.
Dairyman, milk, make butter. 15 cows; $33
and found. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st
MAN and wife, private place, $45 and found-
Young man to deliver bread. $30 and found.
1 Polisher, laundry, fare $2. $15 week
MURRAY & READY. C34-63g Clay st.
WE WANT ' ~ '
Circular sawyer, lumber co./ $4 day fd, ' ¦
Young man, help load- wagon, city. $9 week
3 hostlers, city stables. $60.
ARE YOU? s
2 sheepberders, rare $1 30. $30 fd.
. • CARPENTERS. . ..
6 carpenters. Nevada, you'll suit %Z day.
P.ough carpenters trill do.
3 carpenters. 10c fare, $3 day.
2 carpenters, city Job, you'll suit. $3 60 to
f* day, ,. • . -
Blacksmith, tocl-sharpener. fare 20c, $2 30
day.
Blacksmith, fare paid, north. $3 day.
FOREMAN, CONCRETE WORK, $4 DAT.
KELP WANTEDj-MALE — Continue^, j
Shingle saw filer, fare f3 50. $2 50 day fd. j I
Second dankcy tender. Northern Cal.. if'JO ftf.
3 crcpscut sawyers. Northern Oal., $40 M.
Blacksmith, lumber co.. Northern Cal.,S50fd
, look:
Cook 20 men. mine, $40 and found. t
Cook $40 dishwasher $15, plain hotel, fare
$2 50.
ALASKA— FREE FARE.
Ccok, 6 men, boss here, $40 fd.
LOOK! 1
Pausage maker, fare 15c, $14 week.
Experienced man bene hams, $14 week.
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, 25o fare, Alameda Co., -
?50 found. 1
Man and wife, kitchen work, orchard, $40 fd.
Man and wife, Marin Co., boss here, $45 fd.
WE WANT
Polisher on standard clothes $2 50 day. (
AT ONCE.
Electrician for mine. $4 day. I
SPECIAL.
Steward, R. R. corporation, $40 fd. ]
BOSS HERE.
Roustabout, >-xtcl, drive bus, etc., boss here,
$20 fd. •
LOOK! i ]
5 laborers. S hours' work. 10c fare, $2 day. j
15 laborers, syndicate Job. Bouth. $07 50. } \
12 laborers, board yourselves, city Job. big
corporation job, not contract work, $2 day.
Young man, wash bottles, city job. $1 50 day
MURRAY & READY,
C34 and 656 Clay st
A MAN to work around place. 1443 Harrison j '
street. |
A GOOD house painter and whltener. Call at
3726 Twenty-third st ;
COATMAKER and bushelman for country- J
Apply RK1!?S BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st
FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
BARBERS — 3-chaIr shop; no reasonable offer •
refused. 1090 Valencia st.
HELPER on candy. BLUM'S, Polk and Sutter
sts.
MEN to iearn barber trad-: onry eight weeks !
required, constant practice and expert in-
structiun: positions secured: special induce-.
merits this month: catalogue mailed free.
Meier System College. 6^5 Clay 6t.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing I '
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical 1 •
Plumbing: send for catalogue. Address 4U73-5 |
Easton ave.. St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of encyclopedia work; salary $1000
per year with additional bonus; first-class ¦
references required. Box 3029, Call office.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government poettlonsv Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Inititute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market at.
' WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
addt>d 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 5Oc per night.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
good talker eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 47?. Parrott building. ,
WANTED — Boys from 14 to 15 years of age.
Apply between 9 -and 11 a. m. at HALE ¦
BROS.'
; WANTED — Lady or gentleman to learn pho-
tography: splendid opportunity offered; call
at once. SOS Twelfth st., Oakland.
TEAM to haul lumber from cars. Call at
Pekins Van and Storage Co., 1016 Broadway.
Oakland.
MEX and women, learn the barber trade;
wages paid while learning. IIAIGHT'S,
647 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 & $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes. $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exm. bid. ;open till 9 p. m.
BAP.BER shop for eale on account of other
business. 1R.S5 Mission st.
WANTED — Al flrst-clase: stock cutter. Palo
Alto Planlr.e Mill.
A NICE small barber shop, with 4 living
rooms and yard. 313S Sixteenth st.
WASTED — Barber: steady. 34 Montgomery st.
MAX to run cylinder bag press. Apply at
once. AMES tk. HARRIS, 100 Sacramento st.
FOR rc-nt — Room suitable for barber shop at
Third and Minna. Inquire of butcher.
WANTED — Young man to learn barber trade;
wages paid while learning. 741A Howard.
BRICKLAYERS wanted to point terra cotta.
Fairmont Hotel.
LABOR debts collected: eults, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy..r. 415.
SAILORS and young- men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackaon St.
EAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullls, r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Gf<^ H. Thomn Post, O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading- roooms:
free 'bu« and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ets.
ALL slzee men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5CT! Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your *ho«»s half-soled while watting; 25c
to 60c. S63 MI*.«lr>n St.. b»t. 1st and 2d sts.
HOBSES AND WAOOHS.
FOR sale— Black saddle horse, 16% hands, 7
years; fine driver; well bred and stylish;
sound; gentle. J. JENNINGS, San Mateo.
FOR eale — Bargain: Rockaway, Victoria and
exercise cart, nearly rood as new. 1317
Jackson. Oakland, or 22 California, r. 7, S.F.
AUCTION eale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
furrcys. buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom st
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
A BARGAIN: good buggy hcrse; strong, sound
and gentle; good traveler; $35. 1S43 Howard.
FINE buggy horse for sale. Address box
4S03, Call office.
SORREL horse for sale; 6 years old: works
double or single. Box 4602, Call office.
BUGGY for sale in first-class running order;
suitable for country use. Box 3365. Call.
PHAETON business buggy and light sidebar
buggy, cheap. 632 Fulton Bt
BUGGY for sale. Box 4S11, Call office.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, eurreys. buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th* Valencia.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of faouses to let;send for dr-
cular. G.HX'MBSEy A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
$25 — A HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; beautiful
location; near Duboce Park. S3 Noe Bt., near
Thirteenth.
BUCHANAN, 100 — 8 r. : new plumbing; large
yd.; gd. view; cen.; same as cor.; sun; reas.
HOUSE, 9 rooms and stable. In Western Addi-
tion to let. Apply 1123 Sutter st - -
GOUGH.1120, near O'Farrell— 0 rooms cheap.
UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery it
$70— MODERN corner house, 10 rooms, bath.
basement; heater. 425 Baker »t. cor. Grove.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A — HANDSOMELY furnished residence of
about IS rooms, with baths, on Van Kesa
ave: sunny corner: large grounds; stable fa-
cill'Ies If desired; lease for one year or
longer. SPECK & CO.. 209 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE. "NOB HILL,"
• FURNISHED.
To let for one year: owner to room and board
with family. Apply at 819 California st, or
room 24, 405 Montgomery et
$75 TAKES nicely furnished cottage 3 rooms;
rent $10; near Thirtieth and Mission sts. Box
4669. Call office.
' HOUSES rUBNISHEP— rOB SALE.
A NICELY furnished roomlng'house of -19
rooms, near Market st.; very cheap if eold
this week. Phone Hyde £317.
HOUSES WASTES.
_ — - ¦ ¦ ii ¦
WELL furnished house; 10 rooms and baths;
good view; sunshine;, no children. Box 43,
Call offloe. •
BASEMENTS TO LET.
FINE dry basement, suitable for storage: slde-
walk elevator; S0xl03. 5S0 Valencia st.
ri _'¦ ryvALrp OHAiBS. '
BOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt; tel.Park 77S.
SATISFIED.
ARK
tht rw i rzxKi -DFMnrD vni i this srovirr
I si— V.ALL v^HIN kLINL/Lk YUU I \\\D JLkVILLClarence and Sarah N. Coogan (ownera)
with John H. Munster & Co. (contractors).
, >'-' MONDAY, AUGUST 22.
Sarah A. Conn to Frederick Gustaveson lot
on S line of Halght street, 112:6 E of Octavla,
E 25, S 73:5, NW 28:0V4. N C0:9»i; $10.'
Jchn and Mary McLaughlin to Irene G.
Carroll, lot on NE corner of Elm avenue and
Scott street, N 40 by E 32:6; $10.
Agnus or Agnes Vandor to Ursula Yager,
lot on N line of Fulton stn»et. 31:3 W of
Lyon, W 25 by N 100: $10.
Philip Yager to same, same; gift.
Ralph McLeran to George R. McKenney,
lot on N line of -St. Roses street. 100 W of
Boyce, W 25 by N 100, block F, Junlpero
Homestead; {10.
Fred C. C. and Christene C. Andersen or
Auderson to Joseph U. de Roco, lot on S line
lot 400-vara square, distant 137:6 W from
BE corner of said lot, N 137:6, N to Fifteenth
at point 190:0 W of Dolores, W 70:0'^. S to
point on S line of said lot distant 212:6 W
from SE corner of said lot, E 75: $10.
Joseph U. de Roco to Fred C. C. Anderson,
same; $10.
Lillian V. and William J. Brady Jr. to A.
M. A. J. and Madeline A. Schiflmann, lot on
E line of Hartford street. 1S9:8 S of Seven
teenth. S 25 by E 125; $10.
William J. Herrln to Edward and Vernon
E. Kelly, lot on W line of Bartlett street,
120 N of Twenty-third, N 40 by W 125; $10.
Mary E. and John H. von Schroeder or
Von Schroder to Joseph F. and Margaret A.
Hughes, lot on W lire of Howard street, 205
N of Twenty-third. N 27:6 by W 122:6; $10.
Patrick Malley et al. to Stephen S. Brophy,
lot on E line of Fair Oake street, 213:6 N of
Twenty-fourth. N 80:8, E 115:2. SW to point
112:3T» E of Fair Oaks, W 112:3*4; $10.
F. J. M. Kelly to Giovanni Ferrea. lot on
N line of Twenty-sixth street, 165 E of Fair
Oaks. N 65:9«i, E 84:6, SW 105, W 2:10»i;
$10.
Maria (or Mary Elsert or Euglsch) to Jamew
and Hannah Curtln. lot on SE corner-of
Twenty-fourth and Douglass streets, S 00 by
E'25; $1.
Charles.B. Russell to Sarah A. Chandler, lot
on N line of Washington street, 11)5 E of
Druram, E 20 by N CO; $10.
Caroline Kahn to George Marzolf, lot on S
line of Pine atreet, 40 E of Bacon place, E
170 by S 57:6; $10.
Alexander B. Mccredy (or Mecready) to
Sophie E. Lalne, lot on W line of Tay street.
114:0 S of Clay. S 23 by W 5«: $10.
Elizabeth MorrlBsey to Lydla Klenk, lot on
NW line of Tehama street, 375 SW of Fifth
17:6 by S 57:C: $10.
George W. Hwan to J. F. Douglass, lot on
N line of California street, 120 W of Twenty
sixth avenue. W 25 by N 100, said J. F.
Douglass assuming obligations of covenant en
tered Into with Fred W.- Bridge May 1. "02; $1
Same to same, lot on N line of California
street. 70 E of Twenty-seventh avenue, E 25
by N 100, second party assuming obligations
entered into with Fred W. Bridge Aurll 1
•03; $1.
J. F. Douglas with Catherine A. G. Sheaf
er. lot on N line of California etreet. 120 W
of Twenty-sixth avenue, W 50 by N 100. sub
ject to 48. cov. 134; $— .
Annie E. Lloyd to William M. Lacey, lot on
E line of Third avenue, 125 S of California
street South. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Same to Jennie E. Morris, rot on E line of
Third avenue. 160 S of California street 8outh.
S 25 by E' 120; $10.
Antolne and Grade Borel to Paul Hantzche.
lot on E line of Thlrty-flrst avenue, 250 N i
of Point Lobos avenue, N 60 by E 120; $10 ~~ 1
John, John W. and Meta Burgoyne to I. N
Pattlson. lot on W line i of Eleventh avenue.
100 N of A street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
William M. and Mary E. de Wolf to Joseph
N. Noriega, lot on W line of Fourth avenue, I
400 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by W 120;
Solomon and Dora Get z to Patrick Hogan,
lot on S line of J street. 32:6 E of Tenth ave
nue. E 25. by 8 100; $10. I
Margaret M. Qulnn to John F. Collum, lot '
on S line of L street, 32:6 W of Forty-third i
jivenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Thomas and Catherine Fanning to Jacob
Heyman Company, lot on SW corner of Ward
and. Berlin streets. W- 120, S 2!)0, E 84:1^,
S to SW corner of ; Paul Reservation, SW to
Berlin. N 316:5. block 29, Paul Tract; $10.
George and Mary E. Lctterell to James H.
Gllmore.; lot on E line of Whitney street, 275
S of Thirtieth. 6 25 by E 125. block 27. Fair
mount: $10.' . -. .. .;-. •
I sldor.' Rachel and Samuel Rosenthal to Ja
cob Heyman Company, lot on W line of Chen
ery street. 175 N of Randall. N 25. by W 125,
lot 13. block 28, Falrmount Homestead;* $10. '
¦ Julius C. Rets to Adelaide E. Burnett. loU
7 and 8, block 46, Rels . Tract; grant.
Builders' Contracts. :
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6fl. — 99 S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — 117 S P Co 4^s.l00^i —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112ft Sun Tel 6s... 110% —
M C Wat 5s.lO0 — Do 5 104 —
RIs I Wks 5s — 105 Suttr-st R5s.lO5 113
SF Drdk 5s. — US", UR of SF 4s. 84 84?i
SF & NP 5s. — IIOVj
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. . . — 30 I Lon& SF Bk. — 60
Cal Cot Mils — 80 | Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal GAECor. — 50'i Nev Nat Bk.l97U —
C Jockey C1.100 115 N S R R Co. 9H —
Cal Powder. — 150 N Cal P Co. 9*4 9%
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal T I & T.115 — Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 IOOF Hall A 6 —
Chutes Co .. — 7*4 Orpheum Co.. — 15Vi
City & C Bk — 120 PacC Cas Co.130 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6% Pac Sur Co.105 —
East Dynm..25O — Paraf Paint.. 33 —
DpntPwd pfd 75 — S F Drydock. 60 ~
Do com .. — 60 SF&SJ Coal. — 25
FN Bk. Oak.120 — S J Wat Co. 100 —
Fischer Thtr — 65c SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.107% — Swlss-A Bk..ll5 —
Gas Con A.. — 20% Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. — 31 UR InC pfd. M —
Do pool ... — 28 Do com ... 12^ 15
SALES.
Morning Session.
• Board —
200 United R R Inv Co pfd 54 00
Afternoon Session.
137 Unitta R R Inv Co pfd 54 00
Street —
400 United R R Inv Co pfd •.. 54 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apwllo 4«
Associated Trust Cert 19 20
Caribou 5 («>
Claremont 85'
Four C5
Fulton 1 25
Hanford 170 00
Home 130 ....
Imperial 18 00
Independence , 29 30
Kern 6 00
Kern River 12 25 ....
Monarch (of Arizona) ** 24 26
Monte Cristo 65
Occidental of W. Va 05 ....
Oil City Petroleum 58
Peerless 13 00
Plttsburg 04 ....
Reed Crude 1 00
Sovereign 36 ....
Sterling - 2 55
•Superior 04 05
Thirty-Three 8 25
Twenty-Eight 8 75 9 25
Kern (new) so
McKittrlck 30
Miscellaneous —
Northern Cal. Power 9 37^4 9 75
SALES.
Mornlnz Session.
Beard-
192 Associated 18
95ti0 Associated 1!)
1000 Independence, b 60 31
1000 Independence 50
COO Claremont 90
Afternoon Se&slsn.
200 Monte Crlsto ,.... 60
200 Claremont 85
500 Four Oil 62
UK) Twenty- Eight Oil ft 00
2 Hanford 165 CO
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran--
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alta 14| Gould & Cur. 2t
500 Andes 22| ISO Mexican 92
100 Belcher 28 200 Ophlr 2 CO
200 Caledonia.... . 53 2CO Ophir 2 53
100 Caledonia .... 56 200 Overman 21
100 Caledonia .... B7 SCO Silver Hill 55
200 Caledonia 58 1 400 Union Con 40
200 Chollar 181 100 Yellow Jacket. 22
500 Con N Y 0.{|
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 28J 100 Potosl • 19
. 500 Caledonia 55 SOO Savage 23
100 Con Cal & V.I 20| 100 Sierra Nev 25
500 Crown Point.. 20| 60 Silver Hill. ... 55
100 Exchequer ... 72| 200 Union Con.... 41
100 Mexican 92 50 Union Con.... 42
150 Ophlr 2 56 100 Utah 10
1200 Overman .... ¦ 25 2C0 Yellow Jacket. 22
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
.Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning: Session.
100 Bullion 33' 200 Overman ..... 26
300 Caledonia 57 j 400 Overman ..... 24
100 Con C & V.I mil 2C0 Seg Belcher... 11
200 Gould & Cur. 24 100 Silver Hill 64
100 Julia ...*. 13 200 Union Con 42
100 Mexican ..... 92 100 Union Con....' 41
100. Mexican 93 500 Union Con. ... 40
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 201 500 Potoai 18
200 Belcher 29| 100 Savage 33
SOO Belcher 28 100 Sierra. Nev. ... 25
300 Caledonia .... 55 100 Union Con 41
100 Con C & V.I 17 V, 300 Yellow Jacket. 21
400 Overman - .... '25
. TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales -on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Gold Anchor. . 24| lOOO.N Y Ton .... 04
lOCO Goldfleld B&B 17 3CO Ray & O'Brien 09
2000 Goldfleld B&B 19 6900 Red Top ..... IS
100 Goldfleld Mln. 90 400 Rescue 10
600 Goldfleld Ton. 11 250O Ton Gold Mt. 20
1300 MacNamara . 44| 1000 Ton Gold Mt. 21
100 MacNamara'. 43i 50 Ton of Nev.7 87>,4
700 Mont Ton . . .2 30 800 Ton N Star. . 26
•200 Mont Ton- ..\2 351 500 United Ton .. 09
200 Mont Ton . . .2 45| \
Afternoon Sessloa. ¦
600 Gold Anchor. 271 6C0 Ray & O'Brien 09
500 Gold Anchor. 26 2000 Red Top . . ... 15
600 Goldfield Ton. 12llOOO Rescue .." to
100 MacNamara . 46) 600" Ton. Midway.. 44
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Au*t 22— Schr Ca
tnano. for San Francl*co.
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Pots
flam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne; stmr
\ aderland. frtm Antwerp and Dover.
GLASGOW— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Sicilian,
for Montreal
CHERBOURG — Arrived Aug 21 — Stmr Prtn
resa, Alice, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Bremen: stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse. fm
New York via Plymouth.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Grosser
Kurfum, from New York via Plymooth and
Cherbourg.
LONDON— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Minneap
olis, from New York.
DOVER— Sailed Auk 20— Stmr Belgravia. fm
Hamburg for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived An* 20— Stmr Gaelic.
from San Francisco via Honolulu Yokohama,
Shanghai, etc (not previously).
New England's Sociability.
If any one thinks that the people of
New England are reticent and unde
monstrative he should take a ride on
one of the little branches that strike off
from the main lines up country. About
two or four trips a day are made by
the same train, and each trip is like a
family picnic.
The one conductor has probably been
on the route for years, and knows all
his local patrons and their families and
pretty much all their business. Get a
seat in the car about half an hour be
fore it starts and . watch the people
come in. The exclamations of surprise
and greetings of pleasure are diverting
and heart-warming. As the car fills
with people it resounds with easy con
versation and hearty laughter.
There is no reserve, for all are
friends, except an occasional outsider,
who doesn't count. There may be more
reserve among the people of the cities
of New England, but up in the country,
where you find the New Englanders at
home and comparatively free from out
side influence, they are as unrestrain
ed and demonstrative in intercourse as
Is at all consistent with decent self
respect.
New York Deepening Channels.
A considerable time will be needed in
order to dig out to its full depth and
width the Ambrose Channel, which will
be the chief waterway in New York
harbor for the largest vessels when it
Is finished. Then, and not until then,
will the huge Baltic be enabled to go to
and from her North River 1 pier when
she is loaded to her full capacity. In
the course of a dozen years there may
be a dozen craft, each as bis as the
Baltic, voyaging across the Atlantic
and entering this port, every one of
them finding depth of water and room
enough for the transportation of every
passenger and every pound of freight
that can be carried within its coloesal
bulk. Then, indeed, will this metropo
lis on the verge of the sea have ample
reason for pride. — New York Tribune.
DAVID E. JONES DEAD.— Oakland. Aug.
22. — David E. Jones, an employe of the South
ern Pacific Company residing- at 617 Eigh
teenth street, died yesterday at the Southern
Pacific Hospital In San Francisco, aged ,VJ
years. The deceased leaves a wife and three
children, Devld r.nd Lewis Jones of this city
and Mrs. Edwin Mauk of San Francisco. The
funeral will be held from the family residence
on Wednesday.
California ..195 — I Presidio 40% 41
Geary — 25 |
POWDER.
Giant 60 61 | Vlgorlt — w*j?
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 55 56 I Makawell C. 25% 28
Honokaa S C 14", — Onomea S C 27 H 30
Hutch S P C 9«i 0% Faauhau S C. 15% —
Kllauea S C. — 4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska -P A. 122 — | Oceanic 8 Co. — 4t»
Cal F C A. — 09%|Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. — — » Pac C Borx. — 162%
MV& MtTm. 95 — | Pac S Tel Co.102 106
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 65 60
100 Honokaa S Co 14 75
. 100 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 00
75 Kllauea Sugar Plan Co 3 00
60 S F Gas & Electric 61 25
10 Spring Valley Water Co 37 CO
$5,000 L A Pac R R 1st con 5s 102 12H
$2,000 S P Branch Ry ti per cent 133 00
Street—
25 S F Gas & Electric 61 25
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 6s... 100 12*4
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 123 00
30 Giant Powder Con CO 50
20 Giant Powder Con 60 00
5 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 55 00
85 Honokaa S Co 14 60
15 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 16 60
60 S F Gas & Electric 61
5 Spring Valley Water Co a7 00
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. 118 00
$1,000 Spring Valley 6 per cent 107 00
$10,000 S P of Arizona (1010).... 108 50
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 38 | Port Costa. . . — —
Marln Co... — U0 |S V Wat Co. 37 37 &
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3U 3% 's F G &. E. — 61 »i
Mutual E L. 11 Vt 12«4 Stkn G & E. — 5fc
Pac L Co... 57 — U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l27<£ — L P & A — 155
Anglo-Cal ..84 86 Mer TTUst...210U —
Bank of Cal. — 430 Merch Ex.... 50 C6H
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Najionl. — —
First Natlonl — — -
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2350 Sav & L So. — 100
Hum 8 St L. — — Sec Sav Kk.ESO 400
Mutual Sav. 100 105 Union T Co..— —
S F Sav U.607% —
STREET RAILROADS.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
1700 MacNamara . 44|120O Ton Midway.. 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Aug. 22—3 P. m.
Bid. Ask. ! B {f As £
Alpha IS 20! Justice " i^
Alta 14 15|Kentuck 01 L r r
Andes 20 22 1 K. Graessler. . — «•»
Belcher" 27 2$! Lady Wash .. •»» ™
Best & Belch, fil 87! Mexican 2? '-
Bullion 33 :?5! Occidental .... ••> £•»
Caledonia.... 55 5»;| Ophlr 2 •»* - °2
Challenge .... 23 25! Overman ;;* -j»
Chollar 17 ISlPotosl " "
Confidence .... 70 80 Scorpion ££ ».
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 2u| Savage -~ "
Con Imperial. 02 0.11 Ses Belcher... «!» '»
Con N Y 02 O4| Sierra Nev 2* 2»» |
Crown Point.. 19 21 i Sliver Hill 54 o» 1
E Sierra Nev. 03 0»»! St Louis .... H —
.Eureka Con.. — 50| Syndicate °2 77
Exchequer... 71 73' Union Con 40 41
Gould & Cur. 23 24 Utah 1° 1!
Hale & Norc. C4 65 Yellow Jacket. 21 23
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Adams G M. 08 co| pme Grove ...- 25 —
Co^han 03 #5j Ray Exten .. — C9
Columbia ... — SO | R ay & O'Brien — 00
Esperanza ... 02 03 Ray Ton .... — 10
Eula Con ... — 30 Red Top 14 —
<jold Anchor. — 28 Rescue 00 10
£°£« el ,l B * n ie — Ton Belmont.. 61 64
Godfled Mln. »O 91 Ton & Cal . . — 20
GodffeldMhk 1!) —(Ton Exten .. —120
G , old Mt Con. 01 t2 Ton Fraction.. 25 —
?. m ,, Bu Ji ler •• — ™lTon & Gt W. 02 —
Little Ton .. — 55! Ton ooia Mt. 20 —
Lucky Tom.. 04 C5|Ton Midway.. 42 —
MacNamara . 43 431 Ton nf NW.7 87^ 8 25
Mizpah Exten — 30|Ton N Star ... 26 —
Mont Ton ...23023S Ton A S Lake .50 —
>• 1 Ton 03 04 United Ton ..07 09
Paymaster .. — 05 West End ... — 18
architect— All work except gas flxturea.
mantels and window shades for a two- story
and rough basement building on lot on N
line of Ellis street. 62:6 E of Brodertck. E
50 by N 112:6, Western Addition 507; $4300.
Henry J. and Grace M. Dahl (owners) with
Morris & Pegel (contractors). architect —
All work for a two-story and basement frame
building (flats) on lot on E line of Third
avenue, 134:6 N of Clement street, N 38:1,
E 120,'S 43:64, NW 120:214; $50C0.
Alma J. Hulme (owner) with Forbes &
Bruestle (contractors), architects Haynes &
Cantln — All work for a two-story frame build
ing on lot on E line of Tenth avenue 200 N
of Clement street E 120 N 33:5, VV 120:2 S
40:0. outside lands 173: $5927.
Johannah and Julius Marx (owners) with B.
Martin (contractor). architect — All work
for a one and a half-story frame cottage on
lot on E line of Diamond street, 198 N of
Eighteenth, N 25 by E 123. Homestead Addi
tion; 525)75.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1904.
14
BOOMS TO I.ET — Fnnu aad Unfarn.
FKANKLIX. 721. r.?ar O. G. ave.— Sunny fur-
nished Trent room*, suitable Tor two. $10.
FOLf-OM, 830 — Furnished room, with utove and
bed lounge; $5 per month.
I FUKNISHKD* or uniurnishcl rooms, with cr
, without housekeeping; also rooms with beard:
lull particulars; no charges. Rocm Renting !
.\iiv.»rUs*rs. 117 Sutter st. OFFICE IN
HEAR OF STORE. UPSTAIRS.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C31— Pleasant furnished j
looms and rocms for housekeeping. |
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C3I— Furnished rooms j
to Wt. \ . *
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1208 — Furnished rooms.
I GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1217 — Furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1534. near Scctt— Nice
rear sunry room; rent $5.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to SI 25 night: $1 SO to SU wk.; readlng-rm.
HAIGHT. 218 — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
all conveniences.
HAIGHT. ftS" — Two newly furnished rooms;
bath and gas. - i;ri- '?.' : ->.v-?*»
HARRISON. 7S4>4, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlfihed sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1
week vv.
HAYES. 136. cor. Van New— Large sunny
room; $2 50 week; sunny bedroom; $0 month.
HOWARD. 614— Rooms to let.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 1022— Nice large furnished room.
HOWARD. 1935 — Sunny furnished room.
JESSIE, SW. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
room. $5 per month; large one, $8.
JOICE. 18. off Pine, near Powell— 3 furnished
cr unfurnished rooms; very sunny; $12. •
JONES. 1510V3 — One nicely furnished room to
1 let; rent $8.
JONES, 2117— Sunny room.
LARK IN, 901 — Sunny furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
MARKET. 1049A.Tce Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MARKET. 1426 — Bay window to let for purade.
MARKET. 1722 — Furnished rooms.
MCALLISTER. 10C5 — Nicely furnished room
for gentlemen.
MINNA, 699 — Sunny single newly furnished
room.
MISSION. 5C1. nr. Second — Larce front room,
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
OAK. 14, tear Van Nesa ave. — A sunny front
room.
1 OAK. 994 — Two large connecting sunny front
rooms; running water, bath, laundry, phone;
; no children; $20.
O'FARRELL. 1424 — Two sunny, unfurnished,
connecting front rooms. ' '¦
O'FARRELL. 1520 — Comfortable fur. room for .
two; $10; smaller one. $7; every convenience. t
PAGE. 10 — Large sunny furnished front alcove
room; Kas. bath, phone.
PEARL, 18. bet. Valencia and Guerrero, oft
Market — Furnished rooms; single or double.
PINE. 1126, bet. Leawnworth and Jones —
Eunny furn. rooms: housekeeping allowed.
POST. S24 — Large room, handsomely furnished;
also small room for gentlemen. ]
SACRAMENTO, 1613— Newly furnished rooms; 1
private family; bath, gas; gentlemen only.
SECOND. 149 — Neatly furnished rooms; good
location and none so reasonable in city. <
SHOTWELL. S19, near Twenty-cecond— Two ,
large furnished tunny rooms; bath; prl. fam.
TAYLOR. 624, cor.' Sutter — Two front rooms,
$10 and $12: two housekeeping- rooms, $15.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Eutter— New brick !
building, finely furnished; modern; ceutral; J
rates reasonable. . .
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec- - ]
trie lights 'no gas), running water In every
rcom: elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage. '
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market— <
Mort convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 nlsht: $2 to $9 week; elevator; ]
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage. f
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recrtved at
Call Branch offlce.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at IOCS Market it., opposite Fifth. r
Open until* 11 p. m. I
A WEEK'S news f or 5 cente — The Weekly Call, B
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year. *
i — ** ¦ e
' BOOMS AITS BOARD. {
FULTON, 1332 — Large sunny room; gentle-
man and wife or two single gentlemen; ]
house treated by furnace. Phone Park 746.
"HERMANN. 666, between FiUmore and Stein- 1
•r — Neat furnished room with or without
first-class board for respectable young man. 3
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant 1
room for young lady, with board; convenient
to business center; reasonable.
ELLIS. 453 — Elegant furnished rooms, wkh
excellent French table board; reaa.; central, j
EDDY. 1128, opd. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
FREELOX. 20— Child to board.
HOWARD. S41A— First-class board and room, <
single or double. $6-$3 wk.; American family.
MASON. 615A. near Sutter — Sunny room, with
board. In private family.
MCALLISTER. 1822— Rooms and board; rea-
sonable.
. j
PAGE. 20— Two neat rooms for working girls,
with or without board; reasonable.
ROOM and beard for two working- boys or stu- ]
dents. 1280 California st.
ROOM and board; nrlvate family; near Park;
$20. Phcne Fell 401C ,
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
807 California — See rocms. learn prlces.try table. *
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekjy
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn the
United States or Canada one year for $1. j
BOOMS WASTED.
WANTED — By a refined widow, two unfur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; near
California snd Polk sts. ureferred. Address
box 1333. Call office. Oakland. Cal.
aOO?» BSgTPIQ AOBHOT. =
WE rent your rooms; hundreds of roomers
calling dally; don't delay seeing us. ROOM
RENTING ADVERTISERS. 117 Sutter St.;
phone Clay »96: ofc In rear of store upsta 1 rs.
BTOHAGE AHS WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping; warehouse, G.G. and- Van
Nesa; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750. *
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy at.:
phone Mint 2941; IOHN F. COOPER, prea.:
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
FIERCE-RODOLPH Storage it. Moving Co.. of-
flce Peat and Powell sts.: tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN-8 Etorage— Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 338 Golden Gate are.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN Wert Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.: tel. Howard 941. F W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlmorB' st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SEtyiKO^KACTOarES abtp gyyfxigs.
AT the new retail office of the White. 915
Market at., the finest collection of machine
embroideries and artistic sewing machines
ever Ehown on tbe coast are now on exhibi-
tion. When you buy or rent a White you
get the best sezvlng machine on earth.
DOMESTIC? — The machine for family use; beat
Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth. q
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kind'. $3. $5. ?8; guaranteed: where the
dolls gwlng In the window. 1051 Market st.
~ "^ ~
TO-DAY'S Chicago Form— En— aa— Jv— vl— ro f
— ct — uo — ro— zo — et — qb — zb — fc — aa or L
dx— up—<:t. Free explanation, box 66. Call. ~
I I
VIAV1. J
A WAY to health— Mothers' and daughters' *
l""n« treatment: booklet free: write for it.
VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness; phone East 282.
kooms roE aousEKEEPnro.
AUSTIN ave.. 102. off Polk — 2 sunny house-
l m keeping rootrji and Lath.
BUSH. 1SX1 — Parlor floor. 4 large airy rooms,
completely rurnirheo tur Irms.-i. f|,;nr; gas
*nd coal range; references. Apply ket. b
f m. and 12 n\
, CALIFORNIA. 12<4-2 or :i lar^e, *jnny
rooms; rice location: larze sunny yard.
.CALIFORNIA. U'.M— Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen; reasonable; no children.
«. F.XTRAL ave.. 71. nr. Ilalght st. — 2 unfur.
kk;«. room*; rea*cnab;e. i'hene Grove 434.
CI.AT. !Mfi — l'urn'.ffhui housekeeping rooms.
EDDY. €0» — Corner bay-window suite and
k..i!> n '.'it housekeeping.
J eUjSOM.ClC— Ijirge sunny housekeplng room;
everything complete; r«nt $10.
FOURTEENTH. 706— Sunny furnished house-
keeping suite. \ '
FULTON. 2C1 — Two rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping: ras range.
0 UAIGHT. 224 — H furnished housekeeping rooms
with bsth: suitable for - or 3 adults.
UA&TTOZtD. JC3— Three unfurnished house-
keej-lng rwinit In basement; rent $10.
KTtt'ATtD. 622— Two suites housekeeping
rooms; also circle.
HOWARD. 623— Housekeeping rooms.
JHirSIE:. 333 — Sunny room: furnished: light
housekeeping for cce: $1 75 per week.
JvENILWORTH. cor. Bueh and Powell— Three-
room surd' apartments; steam heat;cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
f-nn:.:\ furnished 3 -room sultea; steam heat-
cl»ctr1r lighted; free bates: rates reaa.
IJ* BRANCH House. 1220 Powell St.— Fur-
rish?d rooms $1 week and up; also house-
ktf;:rp rocjns; clean and quiet place.
LIBRARY bid*.. Van Ness and Golden Gat*
«v»;.. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reaa.
XlcALLlSTER. 6S3 — 2 or 8 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping-; reg-. kitchen. Call befora 4. 1
.M'ALLISTER. 702— Two sunny rocms for
housekeeping: bath; yard.
* MINNA. 435 — Furriihed housekeeping rooms to
l»t.
Nf*E. 524 — Four sunny furnished housekeeping
¦ luwu ahd bath; rent 925. Apply Call.
NATOMA. 615— Large housekeeping room.
J completely furnlthed.
*HTD£ 214 — 3 e-.ir.ny housekeeping rooms to
let.
OAK. 117. 638 McAllister — Rooms, complete;
„ .f5 tc-*12: caa ranpe. hot bath: adults.
OAK. 246 — Sunny, bay-window, housekeeping
c room; running wattr; gas; bath; reasonable.
OC7AVIA. 407— Two furnished rooms; |16;
adults. .
O.TAVIA, 14C3. cor. Geary — Sunny suite; com-
plete housekeeping:; (15; other rooms.
o FARRELL. 776. nr. Lafkin— 2 large, light. 1
¦umy, unfurnished housekeeping rooms; $15. i
O'FARRELL. 1S16— 3 nicely furnished rooms
com;>!ete for housekeeping.
PEARL. C. corner Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms. $11. $13: no children: phone.
PINE. 2VM — A sunny parlor suite; 3 r. ; com-
pletely furn, for hkpg; also 3r. & b., unfurn.
POST, 5C5— Sunny furnlthed rooms, $S and
up; light housekeeping.
1^'HT. »C2— Laree aunny front rooms; every
• ¦'jnvenience; $5 to $15; housekeeping and
ringW.
EA'-RAMENTO, 1514— Parlor floor; 5 elegant- j
!y furnished, tunny housekeeping rooms;
pUr.o: appreciated if Been; also rooms on '
next floor.
SECOND. 149 — Nice furnished rooms for house-
keeping: central location; very reasonable.
SECOND. 205 — Rooms for housekeeping: cheap.
fclXTH. 125— Housekeeping rooms; other
rooms; central location.
SIXTH, 143 — Rooms for housekeeping; alto
eincie
STOCKTON. 7C3 — Housekeeping rooms to la*.
GUTTER. S95. cor. Leaven worth— Two desira-
ble Trent housekeeping rooms; also front fur-
„ nithed room; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 240 — Housekeeping room to rent.
TAYLOR. 242— Furnished room to let.
THE' Virginia. 1005 Powell— Furnished or un-
furnished bay-window sultea, complete for
housekeeping ; gas range; also single.
THIRTEENTH. 181— Two unfurnished back
rooms: housekeeping; $S.
TURK, t>34 — Two sunny rooms: gas range; $16;
large front basement room for complete
housekeeping.
Tl'RK. 1147 — Elegant, new, tunny suites; un-
fcr.; view Jefferson Eq.; choice location ; ref .
.TWENTY-FOURTH. 3174— Two or 3 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas range.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 2 sunny
fcay-nlndow rocms; nice, neat, complete. .
VALENCIA. 310 — Three furniehed rooms to
Wt tor housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave.. 232— Furnished housekeeping
suites; »12. $16; adults.
\ AN NES-S ave. 232 — Fur. housekeeping, stn-
ele and 2-room «ulte«: $6. (10. $18. jis.
WALLER 71— Two cr three eunny housekeep-
ing rooms; also one suite; $16; new.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the I
United States or Canada one year for SI.
APAJtTMXirr SOUSES. ~ '
THE LYONA. SW. cor. Lyon and Pine sts.—
A new. modern, up-to-date apartment of 4
rooms and bath; unfurnished.
*T. LOUIS. 1575 -ackaon st— Modern *-4-»
roomy: forr- or enfurn.: rgfu. Tel. East 1550.
KOOMS TO LET — Turn, and MnX in.
A « WO y H°L'SE. S. W. eor. Sixth and
Howard— Modern apartments, eingle rooms
etc.. from $^5c to $1; rates by the week or
month.
A— BRUNSWICK Houm. 148 Sixth at-— Rooms
Skc to »1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light house keeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." £73 Market st. (or No 1
.11 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
A FURNISHED sunny corner room tor 1 or
2 gentlemen: private family; two block*
from Market «t- Box 4S41. Call office.
BARTLETT. 306— Three furnished rooms.
BElJiOXD House, ever Owl drugstore 2 en
jr.ncea. 1120 Market and 21 Turk-Electrto
- !l«aU; running water In e»ery room- "00
rooms; 25c to W>c per night: tl 25 to $3 we^kT
BROADWAY. 1943. Oakland— Furnished rooms
lo '* t.
BRYANT. 40<— Small stinny room.
, BU6H. 1255— Rooms In prtraU family siacie
or for two; reasonable. ¦*¦«»•
BUSH. 21SJi-Two large sunny rooms; running
water; gas; bath: telephone.
•CLINTON PARK. 272— Furnished front room,
new furniture. $5 per month.
CHAGDURN (The). 1007 l*rkln eor PoaL—
tunny nicely furnished rooms; stngleT •«
•uite, housekeeping aparuneni.; Running
*a.t»r. batbi; rat— reasonable.
KI r?T; } 10 ' V" L * un «">o. opposite TJrs41—
Flrst-clats transient rooms.
E£DY. 432— Elfgant suite of rooms: modern:
bath: location fine; very reasonable.
EDDY. Cl»— Nicely fnrnlsned single front
room; large doeot; rent $7.
EIGHTH ave.. 574— Two eunny. bay-window
rarlor*. partly furnished; e ln C le room; ne ar
park; Cfldy »t. cara.
rLEVEXTH. 128— Furnlthed rooms to let.
ELEVENTH, 230 — One or two sonny house-
keeping rooms, with large kitchen; gas; coal
etove; also a single room. $fl a month; quiet
0 hcusr.
ELLIS, C16— Rooms to let.
ELIJS. lfRS— Furnished room to let!
ELLIS, 1526— Furnished room.
FEDERAL. 76— Furnished room to let.
trOLSOM. 1203— Furnished rooms.
*"OURTH ave., 223— Nicely furnished room to
PSOPOSAXS. Jl ,.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. Office of In-
dian Affairs, Washington D. C, July 13,
1U04.— Notice la* h?rc?jy glvtn that bids for
the purchase of unissued segregated coal «nd-
acphalt lands and u.'-.loased segregated coal
and asphalt deposits 'will be opened by the
Commissioner of Indian Affair* at his office.
j In Washington, at lia.-i s as follows: For the
¦ purchase of tracts wljhin the McAle»ter Dis-
trict <No. 1). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern
time). Monday. October 3, 11)04; for tracts
in the Wi!burton-StlKl*-r District (No. 2), ai
tfb'clock p. m. (Eastern time), Monday, De-
I cember C, 1901; for tracts in the Howe-Pj-
i teau District (No. ."). at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday, February 0, 1'jO5;
for tracts in the McCurtaln-Massey District
(No. 4), at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time),
Monday. April .'{. l'.K»5; for tracts in t*ie Le-
high-Ardmore District (No. 5), at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time). Monday. June 6, 1005;
and for tracts tn District No. 6 (unleased
(¦egregated asphalt lands>. at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Ecstern time), Monday. August 7. 1905.
Circulars descriptive of the lands and deposits
to be sold and copies of the regulations of
June 17. l!)O4. governing the sale of the un-
leasei' segregated coal and asphalt lands and
unleased segregated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be ebteined upon application to this
olftce or the United States Indian Agent,
Union Agency, Muskogee, Indian Territory.
Bids must be on the prescribed fonn, which
will be found In the regulations. A certilied
check or draft for twenty per cent of the
amount of the bid mutt accompany the bid.
The lands will be sold for cash, and success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit with j
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs' the full ¦
amount of their respective bids within fifteen
days after receipt by them ot notice of the
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid- |
der falls to comply with the terms of his bid !
within the time specified the check deposited !
by him as an evidence of good faith will b«
forfeited to the use of the Choctaw and
Chlckaeaw nations. The right to reject any
or all bids Is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
will contain a clause "subject, however, to
exUting rights of way for railroads." A. C.
TONNER. Acting Commissioner. Depart-
ment of the Interior, Washington, D. C,
July 13. 1DO4. Approved. THOMAS RYAN.
Acting Secretary. : :
NOTICE is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2. o'clock p. tn.. Monday.
September 12. 1904, by the Board of Con- |
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of said board in the city of Phoenix, j
Arizona, for the sale of ten bonds of the {
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20, Inclusive, bearing date |
of January 1. 1904, due and payable Jan-
uary 1, 1954, bearing interest at the rate of
b per cent (5"£) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years, issued by the TerrlUry
cf Arizona, In accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
" Legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act has been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the second issue ot the loan authorized
by eaid act. Interest on raid bonds will
- be paid *eml-annually on the first day o:
January and July of each year, and both
principal and interest payable in gold coin
of the United States at the office of th« I
Treasurer of eaid Territory. A certified
check of a responsible bank for 5 per cent
of the amount bid. payable to the order of
E. E. Klrkland, Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of this advertisement must accom-
pany each bid. Failure of bidder to make
payment In full upon allotment and tendtr
of bonds will be considered a cancellation
of the bid and the forfeiture of the rheck
accompanying 'the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bid*
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix, Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bonds." GEORGE E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
STUTTERING AND ST A MMESCTO.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness and Market.
U taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. S.; private: established 3
years In S. F. Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to 5 pm.
MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Gilbert C. Hall, 45. Auburn, and Luella P.
Lamb. 32, Ukiah.
John J. Duggan. 24. 2404 Harrison street,
and Kate McCarthy. 30 1937 Ellis street.
William L. Werner 22, IOCS Pacific 6treet.
1 and Clara C. Gracia, 18. 905 Sutter street.
Leo G. Hecker. 28, 208 Lake street, and
Carrie Byrne 23. 1521B Howard street.
Guttorm Lien, 35. 32O Folsom street, and
Laura Jensen. 22, Berkeley.
Edward F. Kelly. 45. city, and Louise Bauer,
42. San Rafael.
Henry Schiede, 29. 2759 Mission street and
Alice Dougherty, 21. city.
Jacob Gorlus, 34. 324 Fifth street, and
Jennie M. Hurd. ::5, 324 Fifth street.
Frank E. Tasney. Seminary Park, and
Martina E. Reese, 25, 5C6 Cedar avenue.
David I. Jackson, C8 Happy Camp, and
.Nellie Cuddihy. 26, Happy Camp.
Ernest W. Martin, 21, London, England,
and Alice Grantley 21. St. Louis Mo
John L. Price. 23, Livermore. and Tillie
Christen. 20, 1C51 Tenth avenue South.
William M. Casselman. 22, Oakland and
Effle Stone, 18, Haywards.
BIRTHS— MABRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free nf charge.
BORN.
HOHN— In this city, to the wife of William
Hohn, a daughter. -
; HORTON— In Oakland, August 21. 1904. to
the wife of J. Rodber Horton. a daughter.
KIRVIN — At Redwood Canyon, August 17,
1904, to the wife of John W. Kirvin. a son.
ROPERS— In this city. August 15. 1904, to the
wife- of August Ropers, a son.
MARRIED.
BROWN — FRIEDRICHS— In this city Auftuot
20. 1904. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. George
D. Brown and Antoinette Friedrlchs
CASSELMAN— STONE— In this city. August
21. 19C4, by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane.
William Martin Casselman ot Oakland and
Effle Stone of Haywards.
CHASE— FRANKLIN— In this 'city. August 21
1904. at St. John's Church, by the Rev. L.
C. Sanford. William Beebe Chase and Nellie
Lavonla Franklin.
ENGH— ULSAKER— In this city August 20,
1904. by the Rev. O. Groeanberg. Richard
Engh and Lizzie Ulsaker.
HALL — LAMB— In this city August 22, 1904,
at 514 Clement street, by the Rev. W. H.
Whelan. Gilbert Cowles Hall of Auburn.
Cal.. and Mrs. Lulu F. Lamb of Uklah. Cal
KRAFT— LAYTON— In this city August 21.
by the Rev. John Stephens, John Kraft of
Coluea. Cal.. and Edna N. Layton of Max-
well. Call.
ORDWAY— PAULSEN— In this city, August
21. 1904. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder Oacar
- Clarence Ordway and Mamie Paulsen.
PENNY— KISH— In this city, August 21. 1904
by the Rev. J. George Gibson. Charley a!
Penny and Eatella M. Klsh.
REITAN— NILSON— In this city. August 20
1904, by the Rev. O. Groenaberg Carl m'
Reitan and Susanne Nilson.
BKINNER— WALDEYER— In ' this city Feb.
ruarj' 3, 1904, at the parsonage by the Rev
Dr. Stephens. Harry W. Skinner and Hester
Waldeycr. daughter of Mrs. Hester and the
late Charles Waldeyer.
DIED.
Alexander. Janet L. Us, Emilia
McL. Jones, David E
Braet. Josephine Jugel, Ernest
Brown, bessle P. Kelly; Frank E.
Costello, Joseph H. Maloney Richard D
Bnglesteln, Charles NIssen, Magdalene
Grace. Joseph Pllse. Washington* V.
Harris. Harry Pringle. J^ominlck L.
Hendrickson. John Ehadwell, Henry J
Hirschfeld. Einile Taylor, Richard '
Hiteman, Lottie M. Thompson. Zenaide
ALEXANDER— In this city, August 21, 1004
Janet L. McL. Alexander, mother of Mrs.
Janet Laws. William, Archibald McL. Ro-
blna J. and John McL. Alexander of this
city, and Robert Alexander of Sacramento
Cal.. and the late David G. Alexander, a
native of Scotland, aged 73 years 10 months
and 10 days. (Sacramento, Cal., papers please
copy.)
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
afterroon. at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. 1919 Webster street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BRAST— In Berkeley, August 21, 1904, Jo-
sephine Brast, beloved daughter of August
and Charlotte Brast. and sister of Mrs
Harry Day and Ernest Brast a native of
Ohio, aged 23 years 11 months and 8 days
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully^Jnvlted to attend the funeral services
Wednesday August 24. , 1904, at 2 p m
at the residence of her parents, 2917 Loren'a
street, between Russell and Ashby avenue
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. '
BROWN— In thin city. August 21 1904, Bessie'
P. Brown, beloved wife of Milton M Brown
a na il v^ of Texas, aged 27 years 4 months
and 21 days.
COSTELLO— In this city, August 22 ' 1904
• Joseph H., dearly beloved husband of Katie
Coatello (nee Finnin). son of Mrs B M
Costello. of Petaluma. and father of Jo«er.h I
I.. James. Francis. Thomas Mar* William
and John Costello and Mrs. Ella PctergoJT-
a native of Lowell. Mass.. aged 52 yca?i
and II roontha. . " . ycars
ENGLESTEIN— In this city. August 21. 1004.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. MUslon 3L
MONAHAN. O'HARA & CO
Kau Francisco.
Charles Englesteln, a native of Germany,
aged 67 years.
GRACE — In this city. August 22 1904. Joseph
Grace. !>eloved husband of Aniy Grace, be-
loved son of Mr. and Mrs. D. Grace, and
brother of Mrs. W. V. Splllar.
C7"Xotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew &. English. 29 Van
Ness avenup. t
HARRIS— In this city Aufjust 22. 1904, Harry
Harris, beloved son 'of Krncst H. D. Harris
and the late Mary E Johnson, grandson of
I -Mr.». C. O. K. Finnerty and brother of Alma
Jonn-on, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
I f years S months and 1 day. (Carson City.
¦Nev., and Fresno papers please copy.)
C^Aotlce of funeral hereafter.
HENDRICKSON— In this city August 21. 1804.
John H*-nUi ickson, a native of Finland, aged
1> Vi. e i\ r l 8 months and 1 day. 1
C^I-rrends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 p. m., from the parlors of
Craig. Cochran & Co., 420 Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Polk and Larkln streets. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HIRSCHFELD— In New York. August 1C. 1904.
Emile. dearly beloved son of Mrs. Alice
Hirschfeld. and brother of Jules and Albert
Hirschfeld, Mrs. M. Heymans, Mrs. J. Low-
enberg and Mrs. Hugo WaldecU, aged 37
y ea " « months and 10 days.
- B^The funeral services will be held to-
day (Tuesday) at 10 a m., at his late
residence. rJ3» Sutter street. Interment pri-
vate, in Home of Peace Cemetery. " ¦/'
HITEMAN— In this city August 20. 1004. Lot-
tie M.. beloved wife of Edwin Lee Hiteman,
daughter of Lydia E. and the late Alexan-
der James Gruber and sister of Rena D.
] Gruber. a native of Wtatport, Or.
0-7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 a. m..-from her late resi-
dence, 26 Eureka street, and thence by elec-
tric funeral car leaving Eighteenth and
Guerrero Btreets at 11:30 a:- m. to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
ILS— Entered into" rest, Aufust 21. 1004,
Emilie Us. beloved sister of Mra, Charle*
Wollpert. J. G. Us. Mr«. Charles Balrd and
Mrs. A. Decourtieux. a native of San Fran-
cisco. ,
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m.. from the residence
of her sister, lira. Charles Wollpert, 330
Halght street. Interment private.
JONES— In this city. August 21. 1904. David
E.. beloved husband of Annie Jones, and
father of David T. and Lewis Jones and
Mrs. Edwin Mauk. a native of England, aged
6i years 2 months and 17 days.
JUGEL— In this city. August 21. 1904. Ernest
Jugel, dearly beloved husband of Katie
Jugel, a native of Koenlereich, Saxony, Ger-
many, aged 04 years 2 months and 28 days.
KELLY— In\ this city. August 21. 1904, Frank
E. Kelly, M. D., a native of Boston, Mass..
a-grd 03 years 7 months and 27 days.
C7"Remalns at the parlors of Porter &
White. 423 Golden Gate avenue.
MALONEY— In this* city. August 21, 1004.
Richard D. Maloney, beloved lather of Kit-
tie. Molly and the late John B. Maloney,
a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 45
year*, and S days.
UTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 787 First avenue (Richmond), thence
to Star of the Sea Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repo&«
of his soul at 0:15 a. m; Interment Menlo
Park, via 11:30 a. m. train from Third and
Townpend streets.
NISSEN — In Petaluma, August 18. 1004, Mag-
dalene, beloved mother of Jacob, Chrlstoffcr.-
Erlck and the late Nlc Nlesen, Mrs. A.
Maack and Mra. I. Andersen, a native of
Denmark, aged 86 years and 0 months.
PLISE— In this city. August 22 1904. "Wash-
ington Victor Pllse de Losada de Rocheblave,
dearly beloved husband of Marie Light 1'lise,
father of Frederic C. and Norma O. Pllse.
and brother of Sister Marie Aimee. Convent
of Notre Dame, San Jose, a native of Pan-
ama, aged Mt years 7 months and 22 days.
PRINGLE— In this city, August 22, 1904.
Domlnkk Lynch Pringle, husband of Caro-
line Loundes Pringle, and father of J. R.
Polnsctt Pringle and John Julius 'Pringle,
aged 64 years. (Charleston. S. C, papers
please copy.)
ICT Funeral notice later.
SHADWELL — In this city. August 20. 1904,
Henry J. Shadwell. a native of England.
iAte member of Golden Gate Camp No 64,
W. of W.
(TTTrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. August 24. 1004. at 1:30 p. m.,
at the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery via 3:30 p. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
TAYLOR— In this city, August 21. 1904, Rich-
ard Taylor, beloved brother of Mary Taylor,
Mrs. M. Buckley and Mrs. Owen Egan,
cousin of Mrs. Lawler, and nephew of Mrs.
James Welsh, a native of Macroom, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 24 years.'
C7Frl<>nds and .acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 a. m., from the residence of
his sister. Mra. M. Buckley, 535 Minna
street between Sixth and Seventh, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated tor the repose
of his soul, at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, August 20. 1904,
Zenaide E., beloved wife of Charles E. Thomp-
son, and mother of Alice. M:. Harold C. and
Charles E. Thompson Jr.^ and daughter of
the late John C. Sick, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 40 years 2 months and 23 days.
E7Fr!ends are invited to attend the
funeral to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o"clock,
from her late residence, 1876 Fifteenth
street, near Dolores. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
1 1 RAILWAY TRAVEL.
#Trmltia !••>?« and »r»<t««
lo»rrlT«*t
8 AN FRANCISCO.
Fsow JrLT IS. 1104
F«««t Drrvr
(Toot of Market Street >
7-00* V»caTttle. ITtBMra, ltu:n.ey TjpvJ
7-0<1a Benlcla. ftlmtra ami Sacramento 7 70a
7.30a Vallejo. Napa. lailntogv Santa
ltosa. Martinez. 9-\n Ramoa 820*
¦ 7-30A Ntlea. Tracy. !>*taroi\ St»cx-t>o 7 20*
j f.00A6but» Kxpreaa— (Via d<it!*>.
Wtlltamt tfor Itartlet: Sp-ir- ;i>
Wlllowa. itfrnio. Ited ttttX
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle J sn»
f.OOA I>aTl8.Woo1lmvl. Kn!shr» Landing:
Marysvllle. Cn!co. OroTt'.in . / en*
- 140* Fvrt Costa. Martiaei. Antlori
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. n>-».
mna. Loa Baaoa. M « a d o t a.
Annoaa, riaaforl. VI sal I a.
Porwnrllle «L?9a>
B-Ma Port Costa, Madento. Merred.
Frenno. Gn*nen .lanetien. lUr>-
ford. Vlialta, naser»3e!i| 4 50*
BJCa Ullea. San Joae, Lirermore. Stock
ton, (t Milton), loac, Sacramento,
Maryartlie. Cbteo. Knd Blalt .... 4 20»
• -5tA O»k«S*>. CHnw. Jamcnown. 9o-
nora, TnoTmnne and An«cl» ' 4-20*
• 00a AtliMitlcExpresa— OKdemaJ E*st. 5-20»
9.30a Klr.1ui'<n>l. tlartlaex ani W»y
Stations 6 53»
TOXOa The Orerlaad Ltmlted — Oirdea.
Omaha, Cnlc»?o, Dcnrer. Kanxaa
Ctty, St. Lonis 8 ?(?•
10J30A Y.llrjo.. 12.20*
M>«0A Los Aaicelea P««i»»«fr — Port
Oosta. Mart!fies. Byroa, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
RaymoaiL Fresno, Ooshen Juno-
doa. Baaford. Lemoore. Vlsalla,
Bakertflelv Los Antcetea 7.?B>
tf J»m Hayward. Nt!M aad T.'ay 9'attoa*. 3.20*
11-COp SaorameatoRlrer Bteamers t11.00»
SMiP Bealela, Winters. Bacruneafe,
T?oo4!and. Wtltom. Kalchts
LaadlBK. Jaaryarllle, OraTilla
and way Mattcas
I^Of Barward.Ntles snd Tray Station*,. 7 6Q»
4^0PUartlaes.SaDlUinou.Va:ieJo,Napa J
Callstoga. Saata Rosa. t-2tU
4-60* Kllea. Tracr. Stocksoa. Lodt 4.20*
4-JOP BatJrara. NH-». IrrtagMa. Baal t3.60*
-•-• Jom. UTwmore 1 tiiJBOA
• OOP The Owl Ua»ltea— .Iwoio, hot
Itiaos. Meodoia. Trerao, TaUra,
2l'^* Bakertael4.Loe Angeles 8 50a
ISJRp Hayw«rd, Mies aad San Jos* >MM 7.204
|.C0p Uayward. Kile* aad Saa -lose iiCU
S-OOp Euiurn Ezpreaa— Oydao, Oattaa,
Ctileaeo. Deaver. Kaaaas City/,
St. Louis, Tla Martcei. Slocktoa.
m Sacrament«». Colfax. Keno. t2.fO»
¦.DO* Tallejo. dalJy, except daad*y ... . I 7 -«_
7X0* ValkejA, Soaday oaiy f *••«•»
740* Ktchraood, ftaa Pablo. Pert Costt,
. Marttaes aad Way BUUoaa 1U2X»
7.0l> E«ao Paisenger— Part C-o«U. "ul-
ws, BllUra, Daria, Sarrair»nt%
Trackee, Lake Taaoe, Ueaa,
Toaopah. Saarks '.Ma
¦ ••¦•Pen Costa, afartlaes. Byroa.
Trae/. LatltroB, Moitailo.
Mereed. Bereadia. Fresno aad
Way Stattona beyond Port Ceata 12-20*
I 06* Tetetalte Valley, rta Bereada aad
! Wawona 8-5C*
I J-06P Munlner. Tr*ey. Stocicton tfl^O*
( 1-OcP Oregon * California Bxpress— 8a«-
, rameoto, MarysTlU*. Redding.
Portland. Paget Sooad aad Eaat. I-SO*
1.10* Bayward. Nile* and Baa J«i« (4«sr
Jaroaly) 1160%
COAST LINE (»arr»w IU«f»)»
(foot o? Market »tre<t.)
7.46a 8antaCruxEicnrtion(SnBd»yonl7) »-10#
1-16 A Newark. Centerrflle. Saa Jrma,
1 Telton. Boalder Creek. Die Bait a.
Baau Cras and Way SuUoaa... I 65*
1t.1SA Alvarado. y-wart. 8aa J*ae, Loe
eatoa,Oteawood. Feltoo. BonJder
Creek. B!e Baata. SanW Crua • 10*
12.15* Hewark. Ceaterrllle. Saa Jose,
i KewAlmaden.LosOato«,7e!toa. '
Boalder Creek, Bases Crat aad
Principal Tf ay BtaUons it.^Sft
4.18* Newark. Saa Jose. Lo* Oatos t355*
4.16* WrUht, Boalder Creek aad- Saata
Cms. Batordar and Sunday only. »8Soa
COA$T LINE <Ur«ad htiKd.
%3T ( laird aail Towngainl Streeta.)
8-10A San Joae and Way Stations. 6 30»
17.00a Baa Jote aad W»y duUoni 6.40*
j • 7.15a Monterey aad Saata C'rur EJccar-
:* tioa (Sanday only) 105C*
¦ I-OOa Xew Airaadea ( Tiles, Krld.. oaiy), 4.10#
! I -00a Ttii Coanter— 8«d Joae, Su::n««.
Kaa Ardo, Paso Roblea. H»«ita
Margartta, Saa LnM Oblapo. Snnta
Barbara. San Baenareatura.
Montalro, Ozoard. Burbank, Loa
Angeles 10.43*'
f COa OUroy. llollister. CastroTUie, Del
Monte, PaclSc Grore, Surf, Loav
poc 10-45*
8.00a 8»n Jo»e. Tr«a Plnoa.Watsoarl!!e.
Capltola, Banu Cras, PaclQe
drove. Sa]!naa. Saa l.uli Oklapo
toil Pr!ncl»»' W» T 8tit!oo». ... 4.10*
10.30a Saa Joa* aad Way SUtloua 1.20*
1130a Saata Clara, dan Jote, Loa Gatot
aad Way Statlona 7.30»
UCp 8aa Jose and Way Stations 8 35*
MOO* Del Monte Kzpreas (except Snn-
day) — Saata Clara, Ban Jo*«.
- ¦ ¦ WatsoaTttle. Santa Cruz. Del
Mont*. Monterey. Padre Orore. t12.lS»
1-30* Bur.Isj; »n>«, san Jo*'. GII-it. Hol-
Hiter. Trea Pla«a.Pajarn, Watnon-
Tllle. Capitola, Santa Crnx. Caa-
troTllle. Salinas, I'acinc Qrore... 10 43*
4-3QpBao Jo«9 aad Way Stations t3 03a
t5 OOP Santa Clara, Saa Joae, Lot Gatos,
Wright aad principal Way sta-
tions (exarpt Sanday) ;.... tSCO*.
|5-30p BanJoieaodPrlaclpatWayStattone 19.40*
6 45* Snoaet Ezpraat.— Uedwood. San
Jo«e,Gllroy.Sallnaa.Paao Uobiea.
baa Lala Oblapo. Santa Barbara,
l.c» Angelet. Pemlaz. V.I Paao,
New Orlean*. New TOTk .. 710a
S.45*P«J«ro, Wauonrliie, C«?iM>la,'i ., "__
9anu Crui. Caitrorine, P«l>f]25? p
Monte, racinc Grore \ 1 10.45*
t8.15* C«ii>tateo,neretford,Belao«at.Saa
Carlos. Re J wood. Tatr Oaka,
Meal* Park. Palo Alt* t8~4<A
S-30* S«n Joae aad Way Stattoaa S.38a
8 00p Palo Alto and Way Stations tU-liA-
11 .SQr> bouth Sun Francisco, Mtllbrae. Bar-
llnsame, Saa Mateo, Salaocv
&m Carlos. Uedwood. YMt Oaks,
Menlo Park, sad Palo Alto MS*
*11 30p» UayCeld, Uaaataia View. Soaay-
. Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
an Joae.». f.43a»
AforkiurDlnc P for At Mraoorv *
1 Suada* excested. i Saaday oalr
«. Satard^y only. *-MoadaT OBi»
_>BiGPaaLaU ttattoMjalaadaZ.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFli
BAJCI.WAT CO3CPAVT.
Tllnxoa J?exrr. root ot Kazkat »tx«rt.
SAN PBAS7CZSCO TO BAST TkhTkTTtm
WEEK DATS— 7:80. 8:00, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.j
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 8:30 aad U:24
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:80 p. ra.
• SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:C0, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1^*.
2:30 3:4O. B:10. 8:30 11:30 b. ra.
SA27 BA7AEL TO SAS r&AXTCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 1>:05. «:M). 7:35. 7:50, t:3«,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. »;<*\ IJ**
0:1*5 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:13 p. a.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:25, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.| l:4*j
3:40. 4:50. 5:CO. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tE^cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effact j ArrtT.
San Fran. ( May 1. 1004. , f San yran.
Week I Sun- f D««Una- I Saa- j Wae*
Days. I days. ( tlon. | gayt. fDaya.
7:30a 7:43 a 7:45 •
7-30 a 8-00 a 8:40 a 8:40 •>
8:0Oa 9:30 a Ixaaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a> .
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:2O p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p T^3 9
8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a J :4 i*,I : -S*
8:00 a 8:C0a Norato. 10 -2? al 2 :^*
2-30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p aad 7:23 p 7:23 9
5:10 p Santa Roaa. 8:45 p .
7-30 a 7:30 a 10 -20 al 10 :2O •
8:00 a 8:0Oa Fulton. 7:2Sp 6:20 »
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p| 7:25 9
Windsor. I
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburc 10:20 a 10:30 •
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservltle. |7:23 p 7:23 9
Cloverdale. \
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland |1O:2O a'10:20 »
2:30 p| 2:30 p( and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 9
I I WlllltJ. U T
7:30a|7:30al Sherwood. |7:25p| 7:23a
8:00 a] 8:00 a! Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:3Op| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00a 8:0Oa 8:40 al 8:40*
5:10 p 0:3Oa Sonoma. «:f»opl6:20p
6:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p[
7:30 a! 7:30 a! 110:20 a'10:20 a
5:30 pj 2:30 p[ Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 a
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
feulphur Springs and Mark West Sprir.Ks; »t
Fulton fur Burke'a Sanitarium: at Lytton fur
Lytton Springs: at Geyaervllle for Skasrsi
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood: at Ilopland for Duncan
Springs. Hishlan.l Springs. Kelseyvll'.e. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakenort and Bartlett
Springs: at irklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside." Llerley's. Bucknel)'*.
Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullville. Orr*s Hot -
Springs. Halfway Hou3e. Comptche. . Camp
Steven?. Hopkins, Mendorino City. Fort Hragg.
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Kort Brass.
Westport. Sherwood. Canto. Covelo. Ltyion-
ville. Cummins. Bell's, Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer, Garbervllie. Pepperwood. Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip ticket? to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates
Ticket Office. 6oO Market street. ChronlcU
butldtns.
JAS. Is. FRAZIER. * R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pa»\ A^t.
WeeW -GifflSLQO oar te
RAIIAVA Y TRA VEIi.
Hi Efvlsl vk
|f CALIFORNIA @
m LIMITED TO CHICAGO B
¦ LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS B
la at !>:;»O a. m.. through Is ;j days, Kg
Hwith dinar and all trapping!. \i
Other Saata T» Trains:
9 -30 a! m* \ tor stockton . Fresno. Bakerafield.
8:0O p. ml J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCES— «41 Market St. and
ferry Depot, S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 37 South. First St,
San Jose.
(ipHE|^!| To SAN RAFAEL,
||Mr^ra ROSS VALLEY
CAZADERO, Etc
*&222^HSf5p«2! via Sansallto Terry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from tian Francisco, Veek days, at
6:30. 7:10, 7:45. 8:30. 8:15. 10:00. Il:Ot> a, m.
(11-40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:15.
4:00, 4:35. 5:15, 6:50, 6:25, 7:15. 9:00. 10:20,
11-35 P. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7-10, 7:45. 8:3i>. 0:15. 1O:OO, 11:00, 11:40
a ml. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:S5.
5:15, B :50. 6:25, 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:35
\ p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days. 6:17
7 00 T 7^5* 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. Il:o5 aj m.'.
12iO5. i:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:2O. 5:05. 5:40. «:«!
6K5 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
8 For P Fa'lrfax. week days, depart at 7:45 a . m.
3:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holiday* at .: 45. 8:30. 9:15, 10:00.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
and 8 15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations
9:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes]
' 3":15 P. m. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. etc
5:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-'
day — For Pclnt Reyes, etc
7:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Cazadero, etc
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. TAMALPAts Railway
Leave TU aattaUta ferry! ArrlTe
Ban Frauciaeo r«at «T Market Si. 8an Frand«oe>
Week 8mn- _bbb^ > Sun- Week™
Day*, days. jrfw£i?«2V days. Days.
. 10:00 a VSSKSS&la' 2:05 pM 1:05 a
10:00*11:00* W^^T 3:35 p 3:35 f
M:4Sr12;20r TZ&JWS' 5:40 r 0:1 Si
1:1* r 1:45 p 6:15 r 10-.0S r
- 4:3»r 8:60 r '
•TU grotty far. * T*il»ah U Mill TUlty.
Ticut (626 Makkxt &t. (tfocth llhoro Bailroadl
Omen land Uaubauto Fxut, Toot Market 31.1 Late mail advices from New Tork say of
Hops: -'Cable advices, from London con
tinued to report unfavorable prospects for the
crop owing, to drought and vermin. -and cable
advices were received . from the . Continent re
porting crop prospects less favorable owing to
drought. The advices received from the Coast
reported t firm markets, with growers Indiffer
ent about contracting. Locally there waa a
firm market.'ts«B6Mtew«essB<Mi 1 tff»^UkunQuimi 11
'HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands s«ll
Hides, 4 Tallozv; Wool and Hops.
. WHEAT-^- Receipts, '83.000 bushels; exports,
31,000 bushels. Snot, easy; No. 2 red. nominal
elevator and $1,13%- f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, $1 29%' f: o. b. ; afloat ; No. ¦ 1
hard Manltcba, nominal f. o. . b. afloat. ; Op-
NEW TORK, Aug. 22.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14,900 barrels; exports. 7800 barrels. Ex
tremely-' dull, but firmly held. • , "Winter
rtralghts, $5<§5 25; Minnesota patents, $6 100
(5 CO. - •' . " :
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Cotton futures closed very steady. August'
10.rt4c: Se'ptemtx'r, 10.20c; October. 0.97c No
vember. 0.80c; December, 9.91c; January, 0.03c
May, 10.02c. . . ....
NEW TORK, Aug. 22. — Cotton futures
opened steady. Aucnst,. 10.45e; September,
10.06c: October, 9.84e; November, 9.74c; De
cember, ft. 78c; January, '8.8I0; March; 0 84c*
May. 9.S7c. . . •. - - . . '
PlKit cotton . closed quiet. 15 points hirher*-
Middling uplands, lie; middling gulf, 11 25c'-
Bales. SO bale*. :
Neiu York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. Aur. 22. —To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in' the -general
fund, exclusive of the" $150,000,000 gold -re
serve In the division of redemption, shows-
Avsilabl* cash balance, f 143,354,873; «;old*
Condition of the Treasury.
The local trade continue to . quote a -*ery
dull and dragging market with quotations un
changed. Brokers' wires from Chicago yes
terday said : "The same dragging ¦ market.
with a declining tendency., as we .hive bad
for some time past: There is- nothing la
speculative operations worthy of mention.- ex
cept the absence of . speculative buying from
a good quarter. The cash situation is a whol
ly maderate one." •
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10 %c per lb for
Itravy, lie for - light ¦ medium. 13c for light.
14c ' for -extra .light and 17o for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured - Hams. 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $10® 10 SO per
bbl; extra Mesn. $llim 50: Family, $12© 12 50;
prime Mess Pork, $14 60; extra clear.- (24;
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork;9Sc: Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14o per lb.
• LARD — Tierces quoted at ' 6%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; "half-barrels,
pure. 9%c; 10-lb tins, lO&c; 5-lb tins, 10%c;
3-lb tins. 10%c. .
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels. SUc: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. . 7Tic per lb.
Provisions.
KANSAS .CITT, Aug. -22 — CATTLE— Re
ceipts,. IB. 000: steady to 15c lower; native
stsers, $3 75©5 90; . native cows and heifers
$1 60S4 85; etockers and feeders $2 50@4 25
bulls. $203 60; cal\-es, : ?2®4 50; Western steers
$2 45O4 50. ¦ " : " r .;- .r .
HOGS— Receipts, 5000; market 5©10c lower;
bulk. of sales. $5 10^5 25; heavj-, |5 05@5 20;
packers. $5 ltvg-Ti 25; pigs and lights, 4£@3 30.
>• SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; r steady; muttons,
$3 25?T4 25;; lambs, $4®5 60; range wethets,
?3 2594;- ewes.- f 2-7593 50.- ' - ; ¦- - - .
OMAHA. Aug. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4500 ;
steady; cows. and heifers, $2 75@5 60; Western
steers, . $3Q>4 .60; Texas steers. $2 75@3 60;
range cows and heifers, $2ff3 05; canners, 1125
©2; Etockers and feeders, $2 50@3 88; calves,
$3S4'75; bulls and stags, $2@3 25..
HOGS— Receipts, 0400; market 5®10o lower;
heavy, $4 95©5 05: mixed.. |5@5 05; light.
>5 05@5 15; plus, $4 60@5; bulk of sales, $5<3>
5 05. •¦'¦¦¦;• >¦'. .1 - ' . .-, : >.
SHEEP— Receipts,- 7500;' steady; Western
yearlings. *3.C0®4; wethers, J3 20@3 60; ewes,
S- 75@3 40: common -and stockers, |2 25^3 65
lambs. $4@5. _ . . ' '
Kansas City. . • ", . ¦
CHICAGO. Aug. 22.7-CATTLE— Receipts,
3000; market for prime cattle steady, others
10c to 25c lower; good to- prime steers, $5 25@
6; poor to medium, (4@5; stockers and feed
e/i, 52@4; cows $2 50@4 60; heifers. $2 25®
5; Canners. $1 2502 50; bulls. ?2@4 25; calves,
$3@«; Western steers, $3 25®4 75.
HOGS — Receipts,! 35,000; , to-morrow, 15,000;
market 10@20c lower: mixed and butchers,
$5 15©5 30: gcod to choice' heavy, $5®5 36;
rough heavy. $4 SO® 5; light. ?5 25<g5 50; bulk
of eales. $5 1505 40.
• SHEEP— Receipts. 2200; weak to 10c lower;
lambs, steady to firm; good to choice wethers,
$3 75®Vl5; fair to choice mixed. ?3<@4; West
ern sheep. $3 25®3 90; "'native' lambs, $3 50®
fl; "Western lambs. $4 50®5 90.
Chicago.
The Week Opens With -Quieter.
Markets All Around.
The week opened with a «iulet mark*t ea
the Stock and Bond Exchange, even the sugar
stocks showing -1?ss activity, with prices n>
better, and in several barely steady. Th*
other stocks were unchanged.
The oil shares were only fairly active. -In
mining stocks the Tonorahs sold very, freely
at about orevlous Quotations,' while th« Com
stocks were also devoid of feature.
The California and Hawaiian Sugar Refining
Company of San Francisco has levied an as
sessment of $10 per share, delinquent Sep
tember 21. . - ¦ , .
The Gas Consumers' Association paid a regu
lar monthly dividend of 10c per share, amount
ing to S5GG0. yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MOND^^T. Aug. 22—2 p.' m.
' UNITED STATES BONDS.
- . Bid. Ask. I " Bid.'As'*.
4s qr coup..l06*;i07«ii4s qr cp new.131%132%
4s qr rex->>luti f s»107Vii23 qr couix. ..105| 4 l-.5\
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A TV 5s. — — Oak T Co 6*.117*; — '•
Asso Oil 6s. 70 — Do 5s .....110^" —
Bay CPC 5s. — 1C3 Do con 5s. — 103~i
Cal C O 5s.l01%lC4 Oceanic S- 5s. — 72%
Cal G & E e -*•-' Om Cable- «s.l22 1 4 —
m. & ct 5s. 84 83 Pac G Im 43. 02>-, »5%
Cal-st C 53.112% ¦ — -. P E Ry 5s..lO494 —
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P & C H «s.lO3- —
EdL.& P 6s. — 127% P & O R 6a,l« —
F & C H 63.112 — Powell-st 6s. — 114
Geary-st 5s.. — 85 Sac EGiRSs. M%100
H CAS 5%s.lC0 — I SF &. SJV53.117% —
Do 5s 1C0 — Sierra. R 6a. .100^ —
Hon R T Rs.lO6?ilO7 ISPofAft ¦
L. A Elec 5s. — — I «9CJ> .....107% —
LA Ry 5s. .115% — I (15no> .lC3?i — .
L A L Co Cs — — I S P of C «a
Do gtd Cs. — ' { (KHUOSr-A.m-Iij —
Do gtd 5s. — 1C3% (l&T.>)Sr B.1C4% —
LAP lcm 55.102 — (!»<'«> H«
Mkt-st C «s.lJ4 — (1912> tl<:i;il7H
Do lcm Bs.munss; SPC 1 cg'5s.1ir.^4 — ¦
MV& MtT5s.lO2 — Do stamja.K.fli^ —
NRR of C6«.105!i — S P D R «s.l.*S% —
Do 59 US — jS V Wst «s.lO7 107%;
N P C R 5a.lO5 K5% Do 4s 2<lm. — 100>i
N C Ry Us-. — •!'» Do 4j 3.1m. 90 —
N C P C 5s. — 101 U! Do g mtxia 0M — .
N S R R 5s. — 102%!Stkn G*K«s. TKi —
O G LftH f«s. — — I U <i & E 5«.105 —
O W gtd 5s. — 10O I
Cons for money.. P8 NT Central 152«4
Do for aect.SS 1-1R Nor & Western... fi5%
Anaconda 3"4 Do pM f»2'.4
Atrhison S2 Ont & Wentern... Xi%
Do nfd 100 Pennsylvania .... 63
Bait A Ohio ««% Rand Mines 10
rpn Pacific 130 Reading 28U
Chwi & Ohio S7U Do. 1st pfd..... 4^U
Chi Great "West.. 1SUI Do 2d pfd 8RU
Chi. Mil & Bt P.lMUlSo Railway ...... 2*3,
De B*er 1*<&\ Do pM fin
D«»n & "Rio G 25 W flo Pacific 57^
Do pfd 7«m"Union Paclflc 100T4
Erie 27 Do pfd ........ Obu
Do 1«t Tifd f4«IU R Steel J21J
D« 2d pfd 35>m Do pfd .... find
Til Central "isnulTVubash m
Lou'n f.: NMh....l2.1*;t Do pfd 3su
Vt K: Sr Toxap... 21%ISpanlph 4s 86%
Bar 6llver — Steady, 20%d per ounce
Money— l«j @2 per cent. . ¦ •.'.','
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills U 2 13-1* per cent and for three
months' 'bills 2 13-16*12% per cent*
London Closing Stocks.
STOCK MABKET.
•Vdveniment Fruit Crop Report.
From the Crep Bulletin. United States I>
raruneat of Agrieultuj*, Washington. D. C.
for e the week end«-d August S. 19OI :
- s ' w England — Appl«»s average or al>cvc;
r:«kin« good' growth ; berries abundant; otfcer
fruit uneven,
*•?¦" York'— Sugar bett*. arpU* and grapes
tromifcing; pears and peacies "light.
Ne% Jersey— Cranberries promise much be
low lust «op: apjJes dropr.ing badly.
Pennsylvania— Aprlt* *»ir to good; peathea
f.sne; p*ars a n( j j,iunis abundant.
• Maryland ¦ e.rui Delaware— Fruit scarce, ex
*-<ft< f>earp and plums; melons lair.
yjrrinla— Peaches and plums rotting; ep
pl«« ecarc*. -
o° North Caralhn* — Fruit crop fair.
Georgia — Commercial peach crop about mar
*tt*d.' ' ;».:*
"Florida — Citrus tre*s In good condition,
o Arkati&ae — Peaches good: apple? 'air crop.
Xcnnfjfee — Fail fruits promising.
Kentucky — Peaches better thsn expected.
Missouri — Applts pocr crop; dropping; in-
Vsted -wtth scab; peaches, j^ars, plums and
i-n-.t** fair to good
Illinois— Appir* dropping.
Indiana— Apples promise Jess than full crop;
inferior quality.
• W*« Virginia— Apples promise from thiid
to half crop; ppacb*s fair.
Ohio — Arr'.ej poor: peiiV fair: r'i""s rood:
crapes rotttii* in ovtbeajst but sood along j
lake.
Michigan — Arr'**. plump and grape* prom
ising; ? srly ppaehes rir^rsir.g
Wisconsin— Apples fair; killing frost In
cranbeny district Monday morning; damage
rr»t known.
lews — Apple* biv.tr than Isft year.
o Nebraska — Appier fair.
•Kansas — Apple* g«wvl crop in *eversl coun
ts**: <!ror>pina" in others.
Oklahoma and Indian Territories— Fruit light
yields,
ddaho— Early fruits abundant.
Ccloraflo— Fruit prospfvig fine.
Ttah— Fruit b-ln* tr.arket«-d.
W**hinrton — Hottest week of veaeon; no
rsiji: no change In hope reported.
_Oi**on — R*in bafilK needed for heps; hop
t'^rrs fonninr; no lice; apples dropping heav-
Special Report on "Apples.
The fntematlocal Appl» PbirT^rs' conven
tioa at St. Louis authorizes the publication
«-.f the ;oI2o-»ioe eummarj' of Apple condi
tion*:
New England Putee— About twice the crop
ct last year.
Cwitral States— Heavier than year apo
ilidflle W>«t (known se I5«n Davis belt) —
t-omething more than a jrar ago.
Fouthirn • Rt>iu- I^s; than a j-ear «)?o.
Pacific S;at.-- — I^ittle more than a vur eg9
• ¦*r*d*— Uttle mcrp than a y»«r »'go.
c a Nova Scotia— Equal to a 3-ear ago.
Europe — \>ry much more than a year ago;
ctntir.y off larg'! y ex;>crt demand.
. Upon the whole for the Uniud Sttaeg the
crop i-r'Tmiff at least 255 units more than the
crup of 1905.
Dried Fruit in New "York.
Mail advices from New Tork nay: "Noth
ing new came to tb* surface in the Califor
nia Haisln market yesterday, cither here cr
on the Coast, so far as could be learned. The
undertone of the market is weak, but there
la not enough business doing to test values.
Opening prices on Sultanas of the 1904 crop
ar« the highest that have been made In years,
langing from 6%c for two-crowns to 10Uc
f'.r five-crowns laid down here. The trade
Is not inclined to take hold at these prices,
r*rtlcular!y a* California Sultanas cf the new
crop ar* offered at Slic f. o b. the Coast.
« hile JS*V> California fru*t is obtainable at
r>»c. Business In Prunes for forward sbip
ttttct 1s *t;II confined to sales of occasional
car ioa-I lot* for October shipment on the basis
of l«4c fcr «he four sises of new crop Eanta
Clara fruit in bags f. o. b. the Coast, with
j 40* conunar.dicg %c to premium. For
Thirties alone 2«»c basis is quoted. There
Is more or less Inquiry for new crop Apricots
and Peaches for shipment from the Coast.
but buyers end eellert seem to be apart in
U)*fr views, ana on peaches particularly the
c latter ere unwiUlntr to make any concessions."
Weather Report.
<12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 22— 5 p. m.
'Ito* following maxirsnm and minimum tera
prarnres are reported fcr the previous day
Bcttcn 78-fi2!Ne-w Orleans 'J4I7C
Onetenatt 74 Philadelphia .... 84-68
! JBCkiCEn^e S4-7S Wasfcirgton g4-«H
Bt. Ixmls 8S06 New York S4-CS
SAN FHANCISCO 56—52.
• THE COAST liECORD.
" ""¦ s i 5 ™ x
1 nti3 £ 1
NATION* I |g]g|l |& I
• ' fee ~ : ? §
. : : : :
BakeT 29.72 S4 44 SE Cloudy .00
i'arsca 29. SO 80 48 W Cl*ar 00
Kurek* ..30.C1 !W f»2 N Cloudy .00
Frtsao 29.78 OS C2 NW Cloudy .00
PE. raraUon.».92 M r.2 S\Y Cloudy .c<0 !
T~.titBf.ft 29.94 CC 72 S Cloudy 13
I«*>ca«.<JV> 29. S8 t>2 42 £E Clear .00
Jr-a>pen-lere« J».R« M 70 SB Cloufly 00
I.os Ar.gc»r»..23.a0 P0 C2 W Cloudy 04
J4t Tarr.alpsas.29.S3 7« 6« KW near 00
I*r>rth Head...Sp.<^ 6S 30 NW Cloudy .00
Piiocnix/ *~»-74 M 78 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Soint ney«s.!2f.S3 M fcO NW Cloudy f<G
•p.^rtlanj ." 23.S« C8 52 NTv" dear .00
R<~1 BIafT... I .29.76 RS 6« F Clear 00
Ros*baig ......ca.M 70 43 NT7 Clear .CO
fi^rTVT.ento ..29.?0 78 54 8 Clear .00
Rait Lake.' 29.90 M 4fl fi Cloudy <>0
Pan Frs>n<-icco.29*.r>2 M B2 FW Cloudy .00
Ban L.Obisi<o.ir».t'4 74 54 6W Cloudy .C«)
San'.*>legO*..«-2».W> 74 6« \V Pt.Cldy .00
B*a«le ..: 30. CO CD 43 B Cloudy .00
fcr>ol4*x.« 25*. 72 *2 44 SW Clear .00
T^tocsJi . .- 23.95 54 tO BW Ooudy .OO
"Wh.112. TTal!a..29.72 R« 66 EW Cloudy .00
Wr.nemueca .29-. 80 M SS EW Clear .00
T*.zm 29.S4 V2 S2 W dear .04
TVEUtTTTEB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
.trtfesttal Veathtr conditions prevail on the
Facific Slcpe. Rain is falling generally through
Arizona, 6euth*rn Utah and Southern Cali
fc?r.ia. Thuauer storms are repcrt-td at Iade
{vndence. Vi.:r.a end Flagstaff. At Tuma one
ftirtJeth ef v> to=a o' rain has fallen. The
Colorado PJver. Jrom its source to its nsouth.
li«--s in a wcll-mark*d rain area.
The following hleh winds are reportea: In
<!-p*r.e"cBce '40 milea. scutheatt; Modena' 38,
southwest; Cl Paso 23, cast.
cThrr* *a» been e sharp fall In temperature
lii tit* Sacramento Vailty aftd northward
isrocgh Orrrnai also tn the hirh Sierras and
ttroueh.njt the val'.ry cf the Colorado.
Forecart raafie st San lYancirco for thirty
li'urs »-ndlng--inldn!ght, Au<i:st 23: '
Northern California — Cloudy Tuesday, pron
.'. i.'.v showers in the mountains and showers In
ti.-- soutbMTi portion: fresh southerly winds. J
F(ni"A*rlf Citliioniia — Cloudy, unsettled
¦aoatlKT Tuesday, with shoxvprs and probably
ibundcr storms in the mountains; brisk sontta
•wrrt T/indi".
>w*ua — Cloudy Tuesday: probably thund-r
rt<>ra;r rn th« mountains; hirt southerly winds.
S«T> Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday;
lf»ht south w;ncs. changing to brl^k wcstrrly.-
Jjar. Anss-l^s and Vicinity — Showers Tuesday;
lj^k southircst.vlnds; thunder storms Jn the
mountain*.
- X. G McADIE, District Forecaster.
Bruit and Wlieal Bulletin.
For the twectr-focr hours ending 5 p. m..
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— The same Influences
•which gave the stock market a reactionary
tone in the last half of the previous week
wer» onc» more at work to-day, though these
forces were much diminished and the volume
of burtnens was smaller. Reports of further
dair.age to the crops in the West and North
west were again largely responsible for an
erratic wheat market, and industrial and la
bor conditions continued in a somewhat deli
cate state. Nevertheless the list showed con
siderable . resistance to bear attacks, which
were at no time very severe. The irregularity
cf the market at the outset was largely due
to th« new turn of events in the Far East,
but London's purchases at this center turned
the tide of uncertainty. Further encouragement
came from London in the form of a statement
emanating from conservative sources to the
effect that our market bears genuine influence
cf broadening activity. These favorable fea
tures were partly offset by an analysis of
last week's bank statement showing that -the
recent increase in loans comes largely from
the commercial banks, and suggesting heavy
borrowing by merchants for fall and winter
trade. Yet, on the other hand, this very fact
is accepted by many as an Indication that
mercantile circles are confident of good trade
conditions, and are borrowing money with
which to extend their operations. Further
more, ' commercial loans are being made at 4
per eeat, whereas 6 per -cent was the prevail
ing rate for similar accommodations a year
ago. An early test of the market to-day
teemed to Indicate that the weak holders had
been weeded out In last week's declines, and
It was eoon apparent that a fair-sized short
interest existed in many of the more active
Issues.
Union Paclflc and Southern Pacific were well
supported. The early , movement in United
State* £teel preferred waa somewhat puzzling
the selling being regarded as good, but Pltts
burg and other points where closo watch la
kept on the eteel and iron trade sent In buying
orders. While only moderately active, the
market held Its early rally all through the
morals* Kfdon. There was sOxne activity in
Atchisc-n, and the grangers as a group were
helped by late reports of a big corn crop in
Iowa and Kansas. A sharp break in wheat
gave additional .Impetus to the market - In the
afternoon and caused very extensive covering
of shorts. It 1b noteworthy that a compara
tively small amount of ctock came out on the
rice, end this, together with • further heavy
buying of Union Paclflc and Southern' Pacific
by so-called insiders, produced a strong close.
Amalgamated Copper gained two points. The
railroad list was up a point or so. Southern
Pacific, with Us gain of 2 points, was the most
active issue. Tbere were no developments In
foreign exchange, which held steady on a light
volume of business. United States Government
2» advanced J» per cent on" call.- Railroad
bonds were steady. Total eales, par value,
92.060.000.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Blocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchisca 23,200 81% 79% . 81*4
Atchison pfd tfOO 98% 97«4 08%
Bait & Ohio pfd... : al ¦
Canadian Pacific; 2.400 127% 126% 127%
Cent of N«w Jersey 1C0 165 165 104
Chesapeake & Ohio. 2,900 37*4 S6vi 37%
Chicago & Alton... ..... ¦ ' ' " saii
Chi & Alton pfd !. I'" 80%
cil I S? w'r?!? r . a : 3g kj» ill*
eft M £ it 1 P"k u '<*» ™* ™U ™*
Cm, M tc St P pfd ..... .... 179
CM Term & Trans . ....
Chi T & T pfd 100 1R ii" 1414
C. C, C&EtL 100 75 73 74
Coio Southern 200 I4«i _4«i iiu
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 43'* ZvX i!"i
Colo South 2d pfd. 500 20 lO^i i»£
S&'Etf^::: ..*??. 16 ! % . 160^ %$
%ri T £ol1$l:\ 3 :°°° fl ** §}»
Erie I1.7C0 27 26*' 2U%
Erie 1st. pfd....... 1,500 C3% 6291 «3*i
Erie 2dpfd.. 2.100 30%. sail Soli
Hocking Valley ....¦ t! 7«ti
Hock Vai pfd ...... .... . onil
Illinois Central ... 1,500 137 i3G»i i;e«?
Iowa Central 200 20% 20*i *o«t
Icxv Central pfd.. , 200 39% 20 '¦ J« t {f
Kansas City South ." /: ... -...'. ¦..;. oja*
Kan City South pfd. ...v.l .... 44*
Loui« /t Nash.... 4,600 1210, 120 . l->i«i
Manhattan L ..... 154-V 134 153
Metropolitan , Securi 12,200 . 00% ,X>% jk>U
Metropolitan St Ry 6,900 ' 122% 121% 122
Minn & £t t, 100 M . 64' 53
K. E P & S S M... 2.500 72 'Jl'j.'.jyi
Almonds continue to advance under the In
fluence of the short crop this year, and the
market is very firm. New Dried Fruits are
steady to firm, with prices for the most de
scriptions romewhat over the average for this
time of the year. The carry-over stock cf
Prunes Is said to be less than figured on as
most of the spot supply, though still here, has
been sold and is no longer owned by the
packers and producers. It Is raid that the
unsold stock does not now exceed 250 cars.
Large sized Prunes show signs of being
scarce this year, and are already commanding
a premium. Aside from the low prices for
Prunes the Fruit market is In good shape for
sellers.
FPUITS— New crop — Apricots. 7%©9%c;
Peaches. 5^©7%c per Ib; Pears, 6®10c;
Plums. , pitted. 6©6%c for black. 7%©8»ic for
red and 6%©Sc for "yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks, 62%c; 3-crown. 65c; 4-crown, G5c; 6
crown, 75c; bulk white, 3H©3%c; black, 4c.
Evaporated Apples, 6%@7%c per lb.
PRUNES— l%@2c per lb for the four sizes.
RAISINS— Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change, without notice) are as fol
lows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 3-crown,
3c; 2-crown. 2%c: . Malaga. loose. 3-crown.
2%c; 2-crown, 2%c; seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels, 2Uc; Seeded Raisins, 16-o>
cartons, fancy, 4%c; choice, 4c: 12-oz cartons,
fancy, 3%c: choice- 3Uc per 1%. .
NUtS-Walnuta. No. 1 eoftshell. 13%«?14c;
No. 2. 11%©12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13©13%c;
No. 2. 11©11%c: Almonds. 16©17c for new
Nonpareils. 14©14%c for I X L. 13©14c for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Pea
nuts, t;@7c for Eastern; Pecans, ll©13c; Co
coanuts. - 94 60©5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%©13c for white and 103
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5%@
6%c; light amber extracted, 5©6c; dark. ZQ
4%o.- ?
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Niits,Ra isins,Honey.
Flonr qr «ks...38,£00! Shorts. »ks ...... ISO
Wheat, ctls 140 Hides. No 813
Barley, ctla .... 7.21« Pelts. No TCO
Oats, etls 1,642 Leather, rolls ... 7S»
Rye. etls 781 Lime, bbls 278
Beans sks BRCl Paper, reams .... 635
Potatoes, sks ... «,835 Wine, gals 21.45O
Onions sks 4«oJ Tallow, etls .... AX.
Bran sks 4S0; Sugar, ctls l.BCO
Middlings, sxs . . 2401 Quicksilver. fisk» 10
Hay tons 2,376] Raisins, bxs .: ,M.5no
Wool bales ITSt Brandy, gals .... 550
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... S.36S! Feed, sks 8<V*
Wheat, ctls 7.510! Chop Feed. sks.. 50O
Bran sks .»..-. 1.538!
EASTERN.
Floor. «r sks... 9001 r "
FOR MONDAY. AUGUST 22.
Receipts of Produce.
Money— I United Fruit 104U
Call loans 2-S3HI u S Steel 11T4
Time loans 3@4V4' Do pfd 59V&
Bonds — | Westing Common. SO
Atchlson 4s 101 m Mining— - --'••¦:
Do adj 4? .MM Adventura S3o
Mex Central 4§... 60 Allouez 11U
Railroads — A trial Copper .... S6Vm
Atchlson 8U4 Amer Zinc 13
Do pfd 9S Atlantic 11%
Boston & Albany. 248*4 BlnBham 24^
Boston & Maine.. 160 Calumet & Hecla.500
Boston Elev 150 Centennial 21
Fitchburij pfd.... 137 Copper Range ...¦544
Mex Central 11% Daly West 13V,
N' Y, N H & H..100 Dom Coal 50
Pere Marquette... 74 Franklin 7H
Union Pacific 99% Iulo Royale 13%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 3U
Amer Arga 14% Mtchlftan 4iJ
Do pfd 7S Mohawk 42
Amer Pneu Tube. 3«ilMont Coal & Coko 4
Amer Sugar 130%! Old Dominion ... IS
Do pfd 131 lOsceola 04
Amer Tel ft Tel. inT»5 1 Parrot 24
Amer Woolen ... 11*41 Oulncy S2*i
Do pH 7!> [ Phannon ...I xrl
Dom Trcn & S... Q%\ Tamarack 85
Kd Elect TUum..2«1 iTrinity „ -714
Gen Electric 103*41 U R Mining .... 21%
Mass Electric... 14*1 U S Oil 10
Do pfd 61 14I Utah 5*>«
Mas* Gas : 43«4 1 Victoria 2«J
Un Shoe Maeh... 60 IWlnona fi'
Do pfd i, 80 I Wolverine 80H
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. '22. — Close — Money on
call was «asy, "i§l per cent; closing bid, 1
per cent: offered. 1 per cent.
Time loans were easy and dull; sixty days.
2 per cent; ninety days, 2% per cent; six
months, 3% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 3%«i4% per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at 94.6S10Q1 SS15 for
demand and at $4 S550$4 &5C0 tor sixty-day
bills.
Posted rates. $4 S6 and $4 S9.
Commercial bills, $1 S4!g24 65Tfc.
Bar silver. 57Tic.
Mexican dollars, 45%c.
Iiondi* — Government, firm; railroad, steady.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat.
$1 10®l 12; No. 3, $1@1 05: No. 2 red, $1 00%
<?1 11%; No. 2 com, 54%c: No. 2 yellow.
66c; No. 2 oats, 32Q)32%c: No. 2 white, 359
R5%c; No. 8 white, 34%@35c; No.. 2 rye, 750
75%c; barley, fair to choice malting. 45<ji5Oc:
No. 1 flaxseed. 91 18; No. 1 Northwestern.$l 25;
prime timothy seed, $3; bmi pork, per barrel.
$11 70© 11 75: lard, per 100 pounds, $6 82%®
6 85; short ribs sides Ooose>. $7 2507 37%;
short clear sides (boxed), $808 25; whisky,
basis "of high wines, $128; clover, contract
grade. $11 50012 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,500 25,100
Wheat, bushels 207, 000 217,400
Corn, bushels 182.600 -<. 633,600
Oats, bushels 591.600 144,700
Rye, bushels 17,000 -
Barley, bushels ............ 12,100 1,100
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Avs. 22.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was firm;
Creameries. 13@18c: dairies, 12@15%c. Eggs,
steady. 13016%c. Cheese, steady. 7%@8%c.
ELGIN, 111.. Aug. 22.— Butter advanced Vic
a pound on the demand of trade to-day, gell
ing at 18%c. Sales in the district for the week
wfc*-e 742,000 pounds.
| CATTIiE, SHEEP AND HOGS. |
| EASTEBX 3IAKKETS. j
COAL OIL— "Water "White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases 19%c: Astral. 19%c;
fitar. 19%c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene*. 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk,.
16c; In cases. 22%c; Berzine. in bulk. 13c: la*
cai€s, 19%c; 86-d«gree Gasoline. In bulk. -25c;
In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In case* and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— R*d Lead. 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7>4©7%c. according
to quantity. • '
SUOAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25c;
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6.10c; *Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bags only). ; Confectioners"
A. 6c; Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C, S.50c;
Golden C, 5.40c; "D," 5.30c; barrels. lOe mor«:
half barrels, 25c more: boxes. 60c more; SO-lr>
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tab!ets — Half
barrels. 6.60c; boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 9c per lb. No orders taken for les«
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; New Welling
ton. 98; Seattle. $6 50; Eryant. 9« 60; Beaver
Hill. 95 60; Stanford, 97: Roslyn. 97; Coo*
Bay 95 50: Greta 9": Wallsend, $7: Richmond.
97 50; Cumberland. 913 in bulk and $11 23 la
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11;
W r el»h Anthracite Egsr. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $S 5O per ton: Coke. $11 .Wj/l.t
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mosia
tain descriptions. $S 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for case*
add 6c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
65c for raw; Castor Oil. tn eases No. 1. 7Cc;
Bakers' AA. cases. 91 10Q1 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases.
BStJSOc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
SSc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. CSc: natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whal*
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil, 62c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c:
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c- light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 95 15#3 23: San Quen- -
tin. $4 75; Wool Bags. 30@32c; Fleeee Twine,
7%c; Fruit Bags. 6%@7%c tor whit* and 7a
for brown Jute.
General Merchandise.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5 1 1, & N unified 4s.l01
Do coupon 1"5 Man con gold 4s.lO5%
Do 3s reg 105 Mex Central 4a... 62)4
Do coupon .105'i Do 1st lnc 14%
Do new 4s rcg.l"l l i Minn & St L 4s. fl"
Do coupon mu> M K & Texas 4s. i»0j»
Do old 4s reg.106% Do 2ds » 70
Do coupon lOtJ'i NR of Mex con 4s 75%
At* gen 4s .1K:% NYC Ken 31&S..100
Do arlj 4s 94% x J C Ren 5s 133%
Atlantic C L 4s.ico^, Nor Pacific 4s.... 105
Bait & Ohio 4s. .103 Do 3s 74%
Do 3%s J>4«4 Nor & W con 4s.l01%
Central of Ga Os.llO^ OSL 4s & partic. 03%
Do 1st lnc SJi% Pa conv 3%s 98H
Ches & Ohio 4«is.l07 Reading gen 4s... 90%
Chi & Alton 3%n. 7StJ R L &. I M con r>8.116*i
C. B & Q new 4s. 97 S L & S F fg 4s. 81%
CM A SP pn 4s.lO9 tk Louis SW lets. 06H
C & NW con 7s.li: < «% Seaboard A L 4s. 7B>4
C. R I & Pac 4s. 73% So Pacific 4s »4*g
Do col 5s M'.ijfio Railway 5s.. .117%
C.C.C & SLgn'4s.l01%iT#<x ft Pac lsts..ll»
Chi Term 4s 7.1*4 1 Tol. St L & W 4s. 74
Cons Tobacco 4s. 66 Union Paclflc 4S.105U
Colo & So 4s St Do cony 4s 104%
C F & I con 5s. 72% U S Steel 2d 6s.. 78%
Den & Rio G 4e.l01 Wabash lsts ...?.117%
Erie prior lien 4s. fl«"s Do deb B fll
Do gren 4s SR% W & L Erie 4s... nUi
F W & D C Ists.104 Wis Central 4s... S9%
Hock Vai 4 %»... 10S |
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief ..... 05
Alice 20|Ontarlo 3 50
Breece lOIOphir 2 30
Rruns Con 16! Phoenix 14
.Com Tunnel .... CiliPotosi 16
Con Cal & Va... 1 10! Savage 2T»
Horn Silver 1 60 Sierra Nevada 33
Iron EI1v#t 1 fiO Small Hopes • 22
Leadville Con ... 02! Standard 1 85
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Common, bid 4H. asked 4%; preferred, ¦ bid
42%, asked 43, . :
NEW YORK BONDS.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 4O@75c per crate
and 25©35c per small box: open boxes. 40Q75C.
NECTARINES»-Red, 60c©91 per box or
crate; white, — — per box or crate.
QUINCES— 75c per box.
FIGS — 4O@75c per box.
MELONS— -Cantaloupes. 75cg$l 23 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 25©50c per box; Watermelons,
J.Vri'ir. per hnndred.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates: Seed
less, 50®65c; .Tokay, 65©85c: Muscat. 50©65c;
Black, 35@65c; Sweetwater. 25©50c; large open
boxes, 65@S5c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 91 50©2 75 per
box for Valencias: Lemons, 92 25©2 75 for
fancy, 91 25®1 75 for choice and 75c@$l 25 for
Etandard; Mexican Limes, 94©5 per case;
Banana*. $l-50<g2 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and 75cQ$l 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
91 25©2 per dozen. , .
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8©9c per lb.
APPLES — $1©1 05 per box for fancy, 83a
©$1' for choice and 40@75c for common; Crab
Apples. 60© 60c for small boxes and $1 25 for
large.
PEARS— Bartletts, 6Oc©91 per box for No. 1.
Including wrapped stock; No. 2. 20@S5o per
box; in bulk, $15©3O.
PEACHES— : Small boxes. 30<tt80c; carrier*.
50©70c; small open boxes. 50©75c; lug boxes,
75c •ail 25; in bulk, nominal.
The cool, cloudy weather adde€ to the dull
ness which usually prevail* In the fruit market
on Monday, and, although fresh receipts of
most deciduous varieties were comparatively
light, the market generally had an easy tone.
There was continued firmness in the best
grades of Apples, and good, hard Bartlett
Pears In wrappers were fairly steady, but
overripe offerings continued abundant and very
weak at irregular rates. The canners were
purchasing freely of Bartlett Pears, and avail
able supplies of bulk stock, which were light,
were pretty well cleaned up and the best stock
brought an advance of $5 per ton over previous
quotations. Receipts of Peaches in large open
boxes were unusually light, but small pack
ages were in heavy receipts and weak, except
for ftne mountain fruit, which commanded a
substantial premium. Ordinary offerings of
Plums and Prunes continued to drag, and
Quinces, Nectarines and Figs were easier. Nut
meg Melons and Cantaloupes were higher un
der decreased receipts, while Watermelons were
plentiful and easy, as the cool weather checked
the demand. Grapes showed little change, and
top quality lots were In good request, both for
local use and shipping account. Berries
cleaned up well at steady prices and occasional
lets of Raspberries commanded a premium,
some very fine stock selling In a small way at
$12 per chest. The recent arrivals of Mexican
Limes were chiefly of poor quality, and had to
be repacked, thus necessitating an advance in
quotations. Otherwise there was nothing new
to report in Citrus or Tropical fruits.
STRAWBERRIES— 54«5 per chest for Al
viso Berries and $234 for the larger varieties;
Longworths, nominal.
BLACKBERRIES— $1 B0©3 p«r chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4g8 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— Under heavy realizing
sales the wheat market to-day broke sensation
ally after having surged to new heights. The
n-iOtive for the early show of strength lay in
the conditions in the Northwest and. In the
higher English markets. Since Saturday there
had been llcht frosts In the western portion
of South Dakota, which, while not touching
the wheat sections, appeared to. show the
trade how precarious, was the situation of the
growing spring crop. Saturday's storm in
Minnesota and low temperatures in that State
were also a source of apprehension regarding
damages wrought or imminent. The opening
was wild and for a time threatened to atam
p*de J the trade again, but the highest prices
were obtained in the first burst of enthusiasm.
Lcter news was modifying, while a lack of
buying orders became a pronounced feature of
the market. Advices from Winnipeg that the
crop damage reports from there were grossly
exaggerated seemed to find approval. There
was a paucity of domestic damage reports
from the Northwest. The absorbing powers
of the markets was not equal to the task lro
poted by the dumping of large holdings. Sharp
declines in all deliveries resulted, September
selling down to $1 O9V4 and December to
$1 OfHJ. The close showed partial recovery of
the losses, the cause of the reaction being
covering at the bottom prices, but the final
tone was weak. September finished at 91 09*4
apd December at $1 11.
Corn started, as did wheat, under the In
fluence fif the fear of frost. Like wheat, corn
alF<c recovered from the scare, there being a
prediction of rising temperatures for to-mor
row. September sold down to 55*4 c. but rallied
under free coverinc at the decline and closed
firm at 54»£c. December declined to 62*ic,
closing at 53'^c.
Business In the oat market was moderate
In volume. September opened at 34%c an
advance of %c, and closed at 33%c, broke
Me off.
The provision market lacked sufficient ' sup
port. Pork closed at $11 50; lard was off 2%o
at $5 85Q 5 87 »,. Ribs closed 5#7%c off.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low.. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
S*pt.. old ... 1 11%. 1 12t B lio 1 11$;
Sept.. new .. 1 12 1 12 1 OSU 1 09ft
December .. 1 12 1 14 1 09*; 1 11
May 117 117 112% 113*,
Corn No. 2 —
September .. 64% 64»» 63^i B4%
December ..54 54 62»i ' 83 u
May 63% BS^i 611, 62^4
Oats No. 2— . *
September .. 3I?« 34»» <U% 83T4
December ' .'. S5% 35% 34T, 34%
May 37*i 37% . 37 87%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
September ..11 77% 11 82% 11 65 * 11 67%
October 11 90 11 92% 11 90 11 92%
January 117% 13 20 13 CO 13 05
Lard, per 100 pounds —
geptember .. 6 S7% « S7% 8 85 6 87%
October 6 97% 6 97% 6 92% 6 95
January 7 05 7 10 7 00 7 05
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September . . 7 45 7 45 7 82% 7 37%
October 7 50 7 50 7 45 7 45
January 6 87% 6 90 6 80 ' 6 80
Future Grain and Provisions.
The following quotations are for good, sotnd
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, leas 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 7%©7%c: Cows and
Heifers 5%S6%c; thin Cows. 435c per lb.
CALVES — 4©4He per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%S3»ic; Ewes. 333Vi»
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 92 60«2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 4%e:
200 to 250 lbs, 4ijc; 130 lbs and under. 4%e;
over 250 lbs, 4%e; soft Hogs, not wanted}
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent off from, above quota
tions.
There was nothing new to report yesterday-
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: . .
BEEF— 6®7c for. Steers and 4fl!3o -per 1>
for Cows. . .- -*
VEAL — Large. 537c; small. 7j?9o per 1%.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7©7%e; Ewu, 6OT9
per lb.
LAMB — *44S9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. &$Se per IX
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher, but
Paris futures were weak;- The Buda" Pesth '
market Advanced 4c. The ' world's ° shipments
for the week were as follows, in quarters:
Russian, 199,000; Danubian, 88,000; Argentine,
134,000: Indian, 187.C00; Australian, 83,000. j
The American visible supply decreased 233,000
bushels.
Chicago advanced from f I 10'i to $lll and
fell back to $1 OSU- Wires from there to Cut
ter. & Moseley said: "The trade Is getting
afraid of the price and the market is nervous.
The feeling la that there should be some
break." , ¦
E. F. Hutton & Co.'s wires said: "There ts
no abatement ' of damage reports from the.
Northwest."
The wires of R. Brent Mitchell said: "Ttele
graphlc communication with the Northwest
was interrufrted and there was less crop news,
lut with the general tone and character cf it
unchanged. Threshing returns are beginning
to come in more freely and show a wide range
of results. The London Statist estimates the
world's wheat crop at about 200,000,000 bushels
less than last year. The action of the market
to-day was quite natural. It may indicate
' that for the time being the force of speculative
buying has perhaps spent itself. There Is noth
ing In current news, however, to modify the
previous estimates of damage to the North
western crop. - There are a good many con
servative men who think the three States wilt
not raise more than 100.000,000 to 125,000.000
bushels. We are approaching the first of Sep
tember and the question of deliveries on Sep
tember contracts must be something of a fac
tor. The movement has begun in the North
went. Some further reaction In prices Is not
unreasonable. We are Inclined to think, how
ever, that the way of the short seller will not
be a comfortable one as a rule. Wheat may
eell bade to $1 a. bushel; that would not be
an unreasonable reaction after so big an ad
vance. We are inclined to think $1 wheat will
not be high this year." :>
In this market there was good trading in
the pit, but the cash grain was weak, with
buyers Indifferent. Futures were somewhat
lower.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40@l 47^4; California
1 White Australian. $1 55^1 60: Northern Club.
$1 42 M, 'a 1 4'5'i; Northern Bluestem. $1 550
1 67 Vi per Ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. -
' Open. High. Low. ¦ Close.
December ...»1 51% SI 52 -11 50?i $1 B2
May 153 153 153 1 63
2 p. m. Session. . •
Open. " 'High." Low.' Close.
December ...$1 52»i $1 52« $1 52« $1 52*i
BARLEY — Trading was dull, both in the
cash grain and futures, with little variation In
prices, and the market was devoid of feature.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 0501 06«4; new Brewing and Ship
ping, h 12>i®l 17 *i; Chevalier. $1 17H©1 30
per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...*1 08U fl 08% $1 08K $1 08?i
2 p.. m. Session.
December — $1 09.
OATS — Thero was considerable sampling
among the seed offerings yesterday, but the
feed market was quiet, though firmly held. .
White nominal; Surprise, (1 45@1 50;. Red,
tl HW*! 40 for feed and $1 40@l 45 for seed;
Black'. $1 25@1 35 for feed and $1 10@l 55 for
•eed.
CORN — The market continues very quiet and
prices show no change. .
Private wires from Chicago yesterday said :
"Market opened strong on the low temper
atures through the West. • It turned weak
later on weather prediction of higher temper
atures. • There was quite Important local sell-
Ing of May corn. The general estimate Is
that there is a promise or at least a possl-.
: bility of a large crop. If we . get it the
price of May corn would seem high enough.
The cash situation is a steady one. There
are quite liberal receipts and a fair demand
and prices are not far from an export basis."
Western racked. $1 47%©1 60 for Yellow and
White and $1 45@1 47% for Mixed; California
large Yellow $1 50$l 57%: small round do,
$1 55@1 62%: White nominal; Egyptian. $130
01 35 for White and $1 25@1 30 fcr Brown.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 7562 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80®
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70@5:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 83(84 23
per obi.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per .100 lb«;
Rye Flour, $3 50; Rye Meal. 93 25; Rice Flour,
97; Corn Mtal $3 50; extra cream do. 94 25;
Oat Groats 94 50; Hominy, 94@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. 94 t>0@4 75: Cracked Wheat. S4;
Farina $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats bbls, $7 25Q« UO; in sacks. $6 750
8 10: Pearl Barley, la ; Split P«as. boxes. 9?»
Green Peas. 95 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and' Feedstuff s.
Receipts yesterday were again enormous, be
ing 2370 tons, and the railroad yards were as
blockaded as ever. The stuff comes in as fast
as the receivers can haul It away. The deal
ers eay they - never before saw anything like
the present glut. Prices are no lower, for
sellers say that a reduction would not lead
to any better buying, hence It would be use
less., - The buyers are. simply leaving the mar
ket alone, and evince no disposition to take
hold of it at any price. Strictly choice Wheat
Hay cootlnues- firm, but I everything else is
flat.
Feedatuffs remain as before quoted. .
BRAN— 921 ©22 per ton. / •;-**:• '--'¦ ¦
MIDDLINGS— 924©29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21®22 per ton. .
¦ FEEDSTUEFS — Rolled Barley. $23®23 60
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50® 32 50;
Jobbing, 933: Cocoanut Cake. $22023: Corn
Meal. $30 50031 50: ¦ Cracked Corn.. 9916)32;
Mixed Feed. $22(522 50; Horse Beans, *-'5Cf^C
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c- per ctl.
. HAY— Wheat. 9$©12 50, with 913@13 50 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat, 9&g>12; Oat.. $7 509
910 60; Barley and Oat. 97®9; Volunteer Wild
Oat, 97©9; stable, $7@8 60: stock, $«@7;
Clover, $7 5060 50; Alfalfa, i. 7©10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 36©65c ; per . bale.
Beans and Seeds.
¦ Beans continue quiet, pending the appear
ance of the new crop, and quotations show.no
change! ¦ .
;BEAN8 — Bayos. $2 40*52 55; Pea. $3; But*
ten 93; small White. 92 95@3 05; large Whit-.
92 60©2 60; Pink. 93 40®3 50; Red. 94 25;
Lima. 93 6".if?8 79; 'Red Kidneys. 94 25; Black
eyes $2 40©2 45 per ctl; Horse Beans. 91 75^2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 93 25: Flax. $1 90@2 85: Canary.6%
©7c:. Alfalfa. 15©15%c; Rape, 1%©2%c; Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp.; 3%©3%c per lb; Millet. 2%
©3%c: Broom-Corn Seed, 92O@21 per ton.
' DRIED PEAS— Nlles. 92©2 25; new Oreea
Peas. $2©2 25 per ctl. - . - • .
Potatoes, Onions and-Vegetables. i
. , ...;-. . .-• - . ¦ - \ i
- ..-.,«.; V~ — — - . " . ' i
Trade -In Potatoes was quiet, both locally
and - for- ihiDDlnc ¦ account, and •¦ Salinas. Bur- '
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday. August 20. as compiled by
the New York: Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows: Wheat 12.323. OCO bushels, decrease 235.
0O0 bushels?; corn 4,446.000 bushels, decrease
4oO.O£0 bushels; oats 4,120,000 bushels, increase
1.741.000 bushels: rye 903.000 bushels, increase
25.000 bushels; barley 679,000 bushels, decrease
41.C00 busheU. '. : - ¦-¦; -r ¦-.-.
* — «
I Chicago Board of Trade.
Visible Grain Supply.
120th meridian tin>e. Son Francisco, Aug.' 22:
e s ¦ s » »
,j» .jr o -i **9 . E.
|3|| !~ 1% 9
¦ BTATION3. |g|3 |3 I"; f
3 3: • :
Co!u*a 85 SS .. Clear. . .(0
Eureka fi6 52 N Cloudy .00
Fresno US t'.2 NW Cloudy .00
Hanford OS 55 .. Clear .00
Hollifter 75 64 .. Fog .00
Independence S8 70 SE Clc-udy .00
King City SO 55 N Clear .00
Livermore S4 52 .. Cloudy .00
Los Angeles M> t52 W Cloudy .04
'Merced 100 M .. Clear ' .00
Napa 73 62 .. Clear .00
Newcastle hS 65 SW Clear .00
Newman ?« 54 .. Clear *^.00
' Pal'rmo *>9 R3 .. Clear .HO
Portesrille 101 50 .. Pt.Cldy .00
Red Bluff SS CO S Clear .00
Riverside 75 60 .. Cloudy T.
Sacramento 7S 54 S Clear .00
Fan Piego 74 6« W Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco IKS 52 SW Cloudy .00
ban Jose 75 62 .. Clear -0()
San Luis Obispo ... 74 54 SW Cloudy .00
Maria 75 57 .. Rain .50
ttnta Rosa 70 52 .. Clear .00
Stockton 80 58 .. Clear .00
Willows S3 55 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hanford— Farmers busy getting ready to pick
grapes and prunes. ! RalMn prospects excellent.
Livermore — Oats around Pleasanton well
filled. Wheat and barley shrunken.
Willows— Prunes ripening rapidly.
Coiuea — Grape and pear picking continues.
Prunes ripeninff fast.
Riverside — Light showers.
6an Jose — Foothill prunes heavy; size smaller
than last year.
Hollifter— Codlln moth doing considerable
dan-.ape to apples and pears.
Stockton — Almond crop very short, medium,
quality and eummy.
Palermo — Teller clings ripe; crop practically
a failure. .
Napa — Fopgy mornings; all crops doing fine.
Santa Maria — Nearly half an inch of rain,
Mill continuing: will damage unthraehed grain.
UnjTecedenud lor Aujrust.
Newman — Conditions unchanged.
A. G. McADIE.
The situation yesterday vai precisely as on
Saturday. Quotations showed no change and
receipts of all three descriptions were ample for
all current requirements. Butter was freely
offered by sellers, but buyers were indifferent.
The San Joaquin creameries, most of them
strictly flrst-dass in every respect, but less
known In this market than those of the Hum
boldt and. Marin districts, were offered down
to 22@23c. Cheese continued sluggish and tcp
heavy, with the shelves well loaded. Eggs
were steady at Saturday's advance. ,* i
There was general ccm plaint of the extreme
dullness of trade, most houses expressing sur
prise and dlsgtret at the lethargy which has
overcome the business during the last fort
night.
Receipts were 33.600 lbs Butter, 749 cases
Eggs and 6400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 25c for
extras and 22®24c for firsts; dairy. 19@22c;
store Butter. 154£18c; Eastern creamery, HM-j®
20c: Eastern ladle-packed. 14{?15Hc P«r lb.
CHEESE — 0@10c for choice mild nrvr and
Sf?8^c for lower grades; Young Americas, 11©
imc; Oregon. 8Sl0c: % Eastern. 10@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 31c for large white selected,
29'530c for choice and 25@2.9c for fair to good;
store. 20<g25c: Eastern. 22^@24c for firsts,
21Q22c for seconds and 10®20o for bakers'.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico' ...216
Berlin on London ." 20.45%
Paris on London 25.23.
.Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 89
Sterling Exohange, -sight — • 4 88%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — , 07Vi
New York ' Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounc» — i- B794
Mexican Dollars 45 © 45U,
LOCAL.
¦bout 34@l<x under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. 9c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c- for heavy and 8^c for light;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf lie; dry Hides. 16^16^c: dry Ktp.
13c; dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. Zi'J
40c each; short Wool, 40<3&5c each: medium.
75®OOc: long Wool. $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt.
92 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium. $1 25
61 75 for small and 50c for Colts; IIors» Hides,
dry. Si 75 for large and 91 SO for medium, 119
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins—
Dry Mexican. SOc; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30c. Goat Skins — Prim* Aa
gcris. 75c; extra large do. $1 23; larjts and
smooth. SOc; medium. 35c: small. 20c
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4@4>4o per I»|
No. 2. 3H<s; grease, 2%®3c.
WOOL — Nominal. Market practically bar*,
HOPS— 20@2lc per lb for 1904 cropw .. ¦
• Spelter was also unchanged In the New
York market," where spot is quoted at $4 850
4 95. while in London it was a little firmer
at £22 12s Cd.
Iron closed at 51s 9d In Glasgow and at
42s TO^Jd In Middlesboro. Locally iron is quiet.
No. 1 foundry Northern is quoted at $14@
14 ."0; No. 2 ' foundry. Northern, $13 75@14; No.
1 foundry Southern and No, 1 foundry Sou th
em soft, JlS.fHfcg'lS 75.
NEW YORK, Aus. 22. — The London • tin
market was lower, with sr>ot closing- at . £121
lSs and futures at £122 7s 6d. Locally prices
show little change »on the average, closing at
$2G 75027.
Copper was unchanced in London at £57 2s
Cd for both spot and futures. Locally the
market is steady. . Lake and electrolytic are
quoted at $12 50^12 75: casting, $12 50.
Lead was unchanged at $4 20*34 25 In th-»
local market and at £11 15s in London.
New York Metal Market.
GAME — Wild Doves. 75c per dozen; Hare,
$1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $2 per
dozen. :-.:•
Four cars of Western. Poultry, including one
that was distributed among several leading re
tailers, were received. Tie thre« cars on sale
in the wholesale markt met with a good de
mand and dealers reported th» market in good
shape. Local stock was largely nominal, as
the market was practically bare of desirable
offerings. Game was in light receipt and firm
at the previously quoted rates.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15©17c per lb;
Geese, per pair, $1 50@2; Goslings. $2@2 25;
Ducks. $3 5C@4 50 per dozen for old and f4 50
65 50 for young; Hens. |4@5; young Roos
ters. $5 50@6; old Roosters, $4<g4 50; Fryers.
$3 50^4; Broilers. $2@3; t*lgeons, $150 per
dozen for old and $1 50@l 73 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
' Wall-street Stocks from i to 2 points up. Cotton higher.
•Local Securities open the week jviih lighter trading.
Silver yic lozver. Exchange rates about the same.
• L'ocal Wheat market week, with buyers indifferent.
'.Cash and.. Future Barley quiet. Oats and Corn firmly held.
' a y market still choked icith excessive, arrivals.,
• ; Hour, MiUstuns and Feedstuff s 'firm.
°Bcans and Seeds quiet, but steady.
r Potatoes quiet and some kinds lower. Onions easy.
l hour cars of Western Poultry on the market. Game firm.
o Cool, cloudy weather operating against fresh Fruits.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs very quiet and unchanged.
' Almonds still risir.r under scarcity. Other dried Fruits steady.
.*.* Pi'cvtsion market continues to drag everywhere.
L European Hop prospects show some deterioration.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
M.S P & S S M pfd SOO 130 129 129
Missouri Paclflc... 7.000 H5V4 94% U5- S
M, K & T 4.7CO 22% 21Vi 22*
M, K & T iifd 4.S0O 43% lift 45*4
Xat RK of Mex pld 37
N Y Central l.mo 121 a i 120 121
Norfolk & West... 2,000 l^>>i tit dS'Ji
Norfolk &. West pfd SM)
Ontario & Western 5,900 3a?i a2*i Kf"-
Pennsylvania 35,700 12I$J 11-Jri 124
Pilts. C. C & St L t>3
Reading 13.3C0 50% 55 66%
Reading 1st pfd ...:..' .... 82Vi
Reading 2d pfd " L'OO 72% 72%' ' '72W
Rock Island Co 8,300 21*4 24 24^
Rock Island Co pfd 500 07 Vi «6U *'"V4
b L & S F 2J pld. 1.700 CS'i 57>4 57%
St L S W GOO lC'-i 1CU 16-Ti
St L» S W pfd . SCO 3S% 38 - 3S^»
Southern Pacific .-67.S0O .17 54 IS 58%
Southern Railway.. IS, -KM) 2S^i 27"* 28% I
South Ry pfd 300 03 »4 93 U - M%
Texas & Pacific.... 3,400 20 28 Z$\
Toi. Et L & W 100 23T4 25; s 204
Tol. St L & %V pfd 100 30 3» 3S%
Union Pacific 2G.SC0 JK)% 97% 00%
Union Paclflc pfd.. 2,200 J)5 U5 84>.<i
Wabssh 1,100 18«i 17«4 18*k
Wabash pfd 1.0-.10 S7»i 30$* 37
Whtel & L E 14^
Wisconsin Central. 600 1714 • Htf "H
Wisconsin Ccn pfd 3S'.«i
Mexican Central .. 6,500 12«i ll^a ll!s
Express Comrani«s —
Adams 223
American 1»«
United States 115
Wells-Fargo 225
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 53,500 56^i : 64>4 56^
Ant Car & Foundry 400 1ST* 1S% - 18%
Am Car & F pfd.. 200 78 73 78
Atn Cotton Oil .... 32U
Am Cot Oil ptd ". . .... 91 1 *
Am Ice ., 100 7H 7>6 6Ti
Am Ice pfd . • 27
Am Linseed Oil ... fiOO WU, 11^ 11
Am Lin OH pfd ... 200 31 30 30
Am Locomotive ... SOO 21 21 ' 21
Am Locomotive pfd ''. ..V '.... 88^
Am Smelt & Ref . . 0,000 ¦ IU% 64 64
Am Smelt & F pfd 2.200. 106»i 10t? 10t»U
Am Sugar Uef ... 4.700 130% 12014 130%
Araconda Min Co.. 700 79^ 79 J -78%
Brooklj-n Rap Trn3 9,100 53?s 62U 53^
Colo Fuel & Iron 35V4
Cr.nsolidated Gas... 3,400 196*4 195^ 1»«'
Ccrn Products .... 100 12% 12% 12?*
' Ccrn Products pfd 67
'Distillers 1 Secu .... 22'.$
I Genera^EIectrlc ... 200 164 163% 163
: Internat Paper 14*i
¦ Interrsat Paper pfd. 100 72 72 - 72
; Intsrnat Pump 31 Vi i
i Internat Pump pfd. 100 7B 76 ' 74
i National Lead .... 100 22?i. 22U, 22^!
Kcrth American ...*¦ .... 88
Pacific Mail 28
People's Gas 400 100'j . 100VJ ' 100%
Pressed Pteel Car 32>£
PreFBed S Car pfd. 76.
Pullman Pal Car...- NlOO 217 ' 217 215
Republic Steel 7U
Etrubllc St««el pfd. 500 41% 411J 41%
Rubber Goods .... 114
Rubber Goods pfd 79?4
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 400 44li 43% *'<***
V S Leather 600 7% 7V4 7%
XI S Leather pfd... 300 86% $6 SO
U S Realty 4S
U S Rubber 1«!4
U S Rubber pfd "5
V S Pteel 4. SOO 12"-4 11% 12
V S Steel pfd 2S.300 r.31* A3 5f»V4
Westinghouse Elec. 15!)
Western Union 8*U
Total -I*, ..."ieT^O
UNITED. RAILWAYS OF PAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22. — Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco — 13,000 at
«i%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.. • ; c;A
Wheat — ' Sept. . Dec-
Opening 7 6% 7 8(i
Closing : 7 6% 7 8%
" PARIS. * '
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening .. 23 00 f 24 00
Closing v 22 85/ 24 00
Flour— . ¦
OpenUig 30 65 3175-
Closing 30 65 31 SO
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Aujt. 22.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 25'g25%c;
light: fine. 19@2Oc; heavy fine, 15@16c; tub
washed, 21®34%c. . "*"
Northern Wheat Market;
' ..¦--". OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 22.— WHEAT: Shipping-
Walla Walla, SOc; Bluestem. S5c: Valley, S2c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 22.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem, 85c; Club. 77%c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 22. — Clearings, $762,320;
balances. $lll,C32.
1ACOMA. Aug. 22. — Clearinrs, $365,283;
balances. $40,018. -
PORTLAND. Aug.. 22.— Clearings, $674,694;
balances. $53,375.
SPOKANE. Aug. 22. — Clearings, $393,253;
balances, (52,000. <>
banks were offering freely at a lower range of
prices-. River kinds were steady, as receipts
•were light, and available supplies of good stock
were readily disposed of at the prevailing low
prices. Sweet Potatoes had a fractional de
cline. Receipts were large and Included a
straight carload from the | Merced district.
Onions were inclined to easiness, but prices
were no lower.
Fresh arrivals of miscellaneous vegetables
were rather light, but there was an abundance
of carried -over stock on hand. Tomatoes were
commencing to accumulate again and poor lots
sold at reduced rates. Summer. Squash. Cu
cumbers and Okra 'were cheaper and carried -
over lets were hard to move, even at the In
side quotations.
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river,
from 60c per sack to 90c per ctl; Falinas Bur
banks, $1 lo@l 25 per ctl: Early Rose, nomi
nal; Garnet Chiles. 75@is5c; Sweet Potatoes,
2@2>ic per lb.
ONIONS— $1 1C@1 23 per ctL
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75f<g$l 23 per
sack; crates rroro Alameda 75c*P$l 25; from
Berkeley. 63@S5c; Green Peas. l%@3c per lb;
String and Wax Besns. I%ig2c per lb:
Lima Beans, 2!a@3Uc per lb; Tomatoes, 20#40c
per box for river and 5O@75c for bay; Summer
Squash, 25(J3Cc per box: Cabbage. 75c per ctl:
Carrots, $1 per sack; Cucumbers, SOffSOc per
box; Pickle Cucumbers, nominal: Garlic. 3%
fM%e ner lb: Egtr Plant. U5@40c . per box:
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra, S&tflOo
per box: Green Peppers, 25® 40c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash. $15@'J0 per ton.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market meeti
enly a light demand, but supplies are small
and the tone cf the market firm. Common bra
quoted at 4«|'5%c; prime, 554@<>c; choice, 6*4®
«*ic; fancy, 7@-7%e. . .-• -, • ¦
PRUNES — Are quiet, and the general un
dertone is easy, with the exception that, some
Flzes are scarce and consequently enow rela
tive steadiness. Quotations range from 2c to
C'Ac. according to grade ,
APRICOT? — Are in demand for some grades
and chow firmness, with choice quoted at 9%@
10c: extra choice, 10}i@l«>V4c: fancy, ll@13c.
PEACHES — Are reported to be in fair in
quiry for choice and extra choice f. o. b. the
coast. Spot quotations are unchanged, with
extra choice held at Sc and fancy at 9%@10c.
DRIED FRUITS,
COFFKE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 Invoice.
SMe; mild, steady: Cordova. O'fcig'lSc. The
market for coftea futures closed steady, net 5
points higher on April and May and 10 points
higher' on all oilier positions: ' Total eales,
144,750 bags, including:: September. 6.65@6.70c;
January, 7.10c: March, 7.20@7.30c; May, 7.40@
7.50c: July, 7.55@7.C0c. , .;
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3 13-16c;
centrifugal. 0G test. 4 Vic; molasses sugar,
3 7-16c; refined, quiet.
BITTER — Firm. : "
CHEESE— Firm.
EGGS— Steady. Western fancy selected, 21c;
"Wefetern average best,\19%@20c.
lions were generally ' less - active and weak all
day until just at'the close, when prices rallied
somewhat- on covering, last figures showing an
%@19ic net decline. Early declines. were due
to less rust news and a lot of buying by pro
fessionals. .May $1 13*i@l-J.6U. closed $1 15%;
September $1 12»4<ftl 15%, closed $1 14*i: De
cember $1 1331 15*1. closed $1 14 %.
.. HOPS— Steady. .v >-
.HIDES— Steady.
."WOOL— Firm.
PET ROLEUM— Steady.
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST-- 23, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
Miscellaneous Markets. |
LOCAL HAKKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
TO THE TRASS ASS FTTSZiZO
AT AUCTION.,
Creditors' Sale
HARDER BEHLOW rUKJUTUKS CO.
Manufacturers of Parlor J*urai-
ture. Couches, Lounzes, Etc.
$15,000 BAZ7SSTTPT SALE
All new, clean goods-: over 100O lots: parlor
suites, sofa beds, davenports, easy chairs, odd
parlor pieces, etc.. etc. Removed for con-
venience of sale to
WILSON'S ATJCTXOX EOOXS
818-820 Mission St.. Near rouxttt
Sale commences 11 o'clock a. m.
. to-mohroav.
"vteditesdat. august 84. 1904
and will continue until all sold — without re-
serve or limit.
NOTE — Country dealers should attend this
sale.
WttSON BROS., Auctioneers.
*\_ To close out my entire stock Of 37 work
/t-*M and driving horses. 4 surreys. 4 toy
buggies. 3 carts. 12 road and business bug-
gies and SO sets of single and double harness.
I will sell at 1I4O Folsom St.. Tuesday. Aug.
23. 11 a. m.. the entire stock at auctton.
WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£a J&* fe
AUCTION SALE of HORSES and MARE3.
"WEDNESDAY. Aug. 24. at 11 a. m. AR-
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth st.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.William J. Smith, who invested and
lost money belonging to the Improved
Order of Red Men and the Knights of
Pythias, denies that he gambled with
the funds in the so-called salt trust.
Smith nays he placed the money in
Legit Lrmta Investments.
Denies He Speculated.
TTe rive you the rral thins in printing. Ed
v.ard Knowif-p Comrany. ~* Second «treet. •
. The Central Theater enthused and
delighted a big audience" last night
with the new up-to-date drama found
ed on thrilling Incidents of the Russo-
Japanese War and entitled "A Spy at
Port Arthur." The titular hero is a
Japanese officer who, in the secret ser
vice of ; his country, enters the Russian
stronghold in disguise just before the
outbreak of hostilities. The spy Is sen
tenced to be shot.but is; rescued in '-'a
highly ; sensational manner. The Jap
anese spy is cleverly \ impersonated by
Herschel I MayalL ¦ Ethel Clifton^ as ¦ a
Central.
Ex-Mayor Snow of Oakland called at
the Central Emergency Hospital yester
day and requested Dr. Lustig to com
mit Adolph Goldman, the man who
fired a shot at him several months ago,
to the insane asylum. Snow pleaded
that his life was not safe while this
man was loose. Dr. Lustig informed
him that the Police Department is the
proper place to lodge such complaints.
Wants Goldman Put Away.
Engraving, Printing. Electrotyplng.
Bookbinding. The best work at reason
able prices. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market street •
We Do It All.
As Lulu Lockwood, the woman who
attempted suicide ten days ago by
drinking lysol, was leaving the Central
Emergency Hospital after being ad
judged capable of taking care of her
relf. Fred Averill of 223 Mason street
offered to lead her upstairs and be mar
ried if the would only consent. Lulu
has two ex-husbands and a checkered
career, but Averill Is willing to Hike a
chance.
Willing: to Marry Lulu.
Joseph Grace, teamster, met a horri
ble death yesterday by being crushed
beneath a fbad of lumber. The unfor
tunate man was hastily removed to the
Potrero Hospital, but he was beyond
medical aid and died shortly after ar
riving.
Grace was employed by the Excelsior
Lumber Company and was driving a
six-horse team, which was loaded with
lumber bound for the pesthouse. As
the team was going along Thirty-sec
ond avenue South one of the forward
wheels struck a deep rut, which over
turned the wagon. The unfortunate
man fell beneath the pile of lumber and
was frightfully mangled. Pedestrians
ran to his assistance and extricated him
from the mass of wood. Grace was 41
years old and lived at 405 Fifth street.
Joseph Grace Meets Horrible Death
When His Wagon Strikes Rut
and Is Overturned.
TEAMSTER IS MANGLED BY
LUMBER FALLING ON HIM
There's not a dull sword thrust in
the whole play. The crowded house
testified its delight in a hand-clapping
that drowned the noise of the mimic
tempest behind' the scenes.
As usual with the excellent*'com
pany, the play went off like greased
fireworks. Eugenia Thais Lawton as
Princess Ottllle played the character
charmingly and she and Whittlesey
made a handsome couple. - Harry Hll
llard was the Sir John Beddoes of the
cast and when he made his initial en
try the welcome was so boisterous as
to interrupt a love dialogue between
the hero and the heroine. Miss Annie
Mifflln's "Michel" was a good person
ation and played with all of the ear
nestness that marks all the work of
that promising young woman. George
Osbourne's nose was a wonderful cre
ation and carried the house with it
wherever he went. The play has caught
on, beyond a doubt.
Considerable difference of opinion
prevailed among the audience last
evening as to whether fifteen or only
twelve ruffians ;were slain during the
sanguinary progress of the four acts
of "The Pride of Jennlco." There was
also a'dcubt as to whether at least six
of them were not killed twice — once in
the third act and once in the last. Basil
Jennico, who is White Whittlesey. in
disguise, gives the stomachache to
seven with his trusty sword"; Sir John
Beddoes, his friend, finishes four ot
five in as many seconds, and true love
triumphs in the fourth act, as against
Jealousy and several varieties of vil
lain.,'.
Alcazar.
brave and Impulsive American girl
who loves adventure, shared nonors
with Mr. Mayall. Daniel Halifax, the
Central's new light comedian, made his
first appearance in the cast. % and scored
a hit in the role of an English attache.'
Ernest Howell, George Nicholls and
Henry Shumer were all at their best
and James Corrigan, as a darky, cre
ated a lot of amusement. Verne Cas
tro is pleasing in a comedy part, and
Julia Blanc appears as the fond mother
of the heroine.
TV. M. Bearby testified that when he
•wan a member of the Board of Phar
macy he thought his fellow members
held star chamber sessions on him.
The investigation will be resumed this
morning at the College of Physicians
and Surgeons.
The cepy of this letter read at the
investigation was indorsed by the Gov
ernor in the presence of Senator Iiu
kens.
Judge Daris and Senator Ltikens
pointed out the fact that these letters
passed between C. H. Rowley, pharma
cist, and George C. Pardee, M. D., not
between the Governor and the Board
of Pharmacy. It was also shown that
the application of Flanders, though in
dorsed by Dr. Pardee. was rejected.
The early part of the session was de
voted to an investigation of the ex
amining room and the skylight through
•n hich Miss Ruby Devoto Fisher is said
to have peered in search of informa
tion.
If . Mr. Flanders has not aa you say, tfca
rece«ary requirements, I can see but one thin*;
for the Board of Pharmacy to to, that Is to
follow th« law and not break IU oath of office.
I cannot cor will not ask any officer or board
to do anythtn*; bet that. aa« any official or
beard that to— other* than this Is open t«
censure.
I am especially glad to note that the Board
of Pharmacy Is endeavoring by every method
to treat Impartially all applicants without fear
or Javer.
Reply of Governor Pardee to the
foregoing was as follows:
In answer to your* of October 28, th« Qvr
ernor of California would not have the Board
cf Pharmacy nor ary other board lower lta
standard* to meet a situation not heretofore
presented. And th« Governor would feel like
censuring any board that would do so.
GOVERNOR'S REPLY.
The copy of this letter read at the
investigation is indorsed by Governor
Pardee thus:
I>etter from Rowley to Pardee. In re, Flan
£er« In reply to George C. Pardee, M. D., In
dorsement cf Flanders' Indorsements.
RECEIVES GUNSHOT WOUND IN HAND
J. E. Miller of 417 Stevenson street was treated
at the Central Emergency Hospital for a bullet
wound of the right hand. Miller, who is a
watchman at the barns of the United Carriage
Company on Natoma street, carelessly laid the
gun down with the hammer cocked, when It
exploded.
Louis Levy, Deputy Health Officer,
says the Board of Health is now pre
pared to take up the enforcement of
the ordinance relating to the estab
lishment and management of private
maternity hospitals and of private
homes where children are boarded.
The .managers of these places will be
required to call at the Health Office
and. make application for permits. A
number of applications have already
been made.
Two months ago Dr. A- S. Adler
of the Health Department and M. J.
White, secretary of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, ex
amined many of the private maternity
hospitals. Some were found in good
sanitary and moral condition. In
others desirable conditions were
brought about at the suggestion of the
officers. A number of places were so
undesirable as to make it necessary
to take action at once. Several man
agers were informed that unless they
gave the children to the parents or
guardians they would be prosecuted
for cruelty.
Private Places Caring for Mothers and
Children Will Be Carefully In
spected and Licensed.
HEALTH BOARD WILL ACT
ON MATERNITY HOSPITAJiS
Fred Staus of 2212 Fillmore street
was arrested Sunday night and his
name 'placed on the "small book." He
is accused by his father with having
stolen a quantity of silverware from
his home and Dawned it. He will prob
ably be charged to-day.
Robs His Father.
Xew Men Are Now at Their Desks and
Offices Removed to Sansome
Street.
The change in the management of
the Xorth Shore Road, as foretold in
Sunday's Call, took place yesterday
when the office of the company was
moved from Market street to the Mu
tual Life building and the new ap
pointees began their duties. The of
ficial circular notifying employes of
the change is as follows: -i
SAX FRAN-CISCO. Cal.. Aug. 22. 1904.
To Officers, Agents and All Concerned:
Mr. James L* Frazler has this day been ap
pointed general manager of the North Shor*
Railroad Company, vice W. M. RanSc. resigned.
R. X. Ryan has been appointed genera!
freight and passenger agent. G. W. Helntj
has been appointed assistant general freight
and passenger axent.
H. C. TVhitins has been appointed purchas
ing agent.
The general offices of the Xorth Shore Rail
road Company have been removed to Mutual
Life building:. 222 Sansome street.
ARTHUR W. FOSTER. Presidont.
OFFICIAL NOTICE GIVJfcLV
OF NORTH SHORE CHANGES
It was like old times at Fischer's
Theater last night when what prom
ises to be the best production ever
given at this play.house, "The Anheu
ser Push," was given its first presen
tation. The flowers were there in
abundance and the applause came in
shouts and roars as each member of
the company scored his or her indi
vidual triumph. The first act had so
many good things rolled into it that
it could have ended there to the satis
faction of the audience, and as soon
as the second and third acts are
whipped into as good shape as the
first there will be nothing left to tie
desired in the entire production. The
success of the piece is remarkable
when it is considered that former
Stage Manager Jones eloped with all
the., typewritten stage business, the
property map and other accessories of
the piece when he took his sudden de
parture : two weeks ago. The new
stage manager, J. J. Jayson, only ar
rived a few days ago, but with the
able assistance of Fred Conger, who
has the distinction of being Dorothy
Morton's husband, the production is
one of which the management may
feel proud.
Of course it was late when 1 the last
curtain fell, but this was due to the
many encores which the audience in
sisted upon and also to the return of
Georgie O'Ramey, who received a wel
come- back that must have warmed
the cockles of her heart. And Geor
gie responded by giving a specialty in
which, while singing a "Teasing"
song, she sits on the rails of the
boxes and indulges in byplay with
some* male auditors, which caused
laughter that set the rafters to ring
ing. She fairly divided the honors
with Dorothy Morion and that Is not
detracting one whit from the latter's
success. Dorothy never sang better
than she did In her rendition of "Wil
helmina" and the "Flower of Kildare,"
which will be sung by all the town in
a few days. Dorothy worked so hard
to please that one could well forgive
her taking a sip of the real beer,'
which is one of the features | of the
second act. In fact, the entire com
pany worked hard and the new musi
cal conductor, George Towle, is to be
congratulated upon the marked im
provement he has encompased in the
chorus singing. Rice and Cady and
Bobby North made herculean efforts
to tickle the rlslbles of the audience.
In point of fact, their efforts might be
tempered somewhat by cutting out
some of their lines, which fail to get
the desired laugh. No doubt the prun
ing knife can be used to advantage
throughout here and there. North
was funny as one of the burlesque trio.
Edwin Clarke "was there" with his
magnificent voice and his "Song of
the Toreador" and "Stein Song" were'
two of the hits of the piece. Ben
Dillon is an all around funny man and
has added an exceedingly - comical
Irish woman to his long list of suc
cessful characters.
Flossie Hope has a new partner in
Pearl j Hickman, who proved herself
a graceful dancer. Flossie was quite
overcome with her exertions and fell
from exhaustion at one stage of the
performance. Much can be said of
the scenic effects, two of which were
very pleasing, one being the St. Louis
Exposition ground at night and
other a Chinese ' pagoda at midnight,
where Miss O'Ramey sings a pretty
ditty entitled "Chinese Twins." The
opening chorus. "The Dawn, of
Peace," was a pretentious affair and
showed the various nations in their
prevailing costumes. The scene was
most effective and the singing of the
• "Star-Spangled Banner" roused the
I audience to ah enthusiasm which was
j not diminished during the entire per
1 f ormance.
Fischer's.
The complaint recites that on July 1
of this year the complainant entered
into an agreement by which its busi
ness was thereafter to be conducted
in this territory by the manager of the
Atlas Assurance Company. Limited:
that the complainant demanded of the
defendants that they turn over the
records and all other information in
their possession to the new manager
and that they refused to do so. Tha
complainant thereupon revoked the au
thority of Conroy and Brooks.
The complainant avers that by rea
son of the refusal of the defendants to
surrender the records and the required
information it is powerless to cancel
Insurance which might prove undesir
able, or to protect itself by reinsurance
or to renew Insurance that was ex
piring.
The Manchester Assurance Company,
a British corporation, filed a bill in
equity yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court asking that Thomas J.
Conroy and George W. Brooks be en
joined from mutilating, destroying or
transferring to any other person the
records of fire insurance business done
by them while acting as manager and
assistant manager of the complainant.
The complainant prays also that Ccn
roy and Brooks, be required to sur
render all records connected with th«
business of the complainant.
Judge Morrow issued a temporary re
straining order and a command for the
defendants to appear in court nest
Monday and show cause, if any they
have, why the injunction and order as
prayed for should not issue.
M'lth this explanation and elnce no- one can
be better acquainted with his Excellency than
yourself, perhaps it may now be In order to
inquire as to what extent the Governor of Cali
fornia may have to lower his established stand
ards to meet a situation not heretofore pre
sented. Respectfully.
The Board of Pharmacy is endeavorlnr by
every krown method to treat Impartially all
fcpplicar.'.s and without favor to dispense Jus
tice to all concerned. "With all respect to the
other two — no doubt worthy physicians fun
known to the Board), who find him so proficient
for this work — such credentials are not alone
acceptable.
It is the board's policy to accord every cour
i«-*y consist eat with its standards of regula
tions for the elevation of pharmacy and the
protection ol the people. (See the Inclosed cir
cular).
George C. Pardee. M. T>. — Eeteeined Sir: An
application for a permission to practice phar
macy tnthout a license has Just been filed by
H. B. nan Jen? before the State Board of Phar
macy for consideration.
It is noticed in the recommendation by your
self that the applicant is not personally known
to you; that the other two physicians, being
r>atror* of his store, find him a good fellow;
that the mid applicant lays special stress upon
hie ••credentials" as beinc indorsed by the
«;overnor cf California.
"1 suppose that the commission will j
pet after me next. It's been after j
everybody else on the board- More got !
out than I thought," said the stammer- j
ing Finger.
C. H. Rowley was then called and j
the correspondence between him and !
Governor Pardee was given out In full, j
Following are the letters that passed, j
The note was written at the end of •
Dr. A. C. Congdon's indorsement of H. j
S. Flanders, applicant to be made & i
licentiate without examination:
Althourh I have no personal knowledge of ,
Mr. Flanders' professional 6tandir.r or capablll- j
ties, I am assured by those who have such ,
kr.ow'ed**. anJ therefore believe It to be true I
that he is capable and efficient and worthy of
registration. GEORGE C. PARDEE. M. D.
The letter of Charles C. Rowley to
Governor Pardee. October 23. 1903. was j
es follows:
"Lock at these," paid Finger, and the
meeting was adjourned. leaving room
for all sorts of imputations.
After the commission had toured the
rooms in the College of Physicians and
Surgeons yesterday afternoon, where
the pharmacy examinations were held,
they cross-questioned Finger. That
gentleman hesitated, hemmed, forgot
and thought he remembered.
He heard Professor C. H- Rowley,
president of the State Board of Phar
macy, say that he had heard from the
Governor in regard to H. S. Flanders,
whose application to be made a licen
tiate was rejected. He couldn't re
member when he heard it or Just what
¦words Rowley used. He wac sure that
he meant no Insinuation against Gov
ernor Pardee when he flung the papers
In front of Senator Lukens.
FEARS FOlt HIMSELF.
The alleged veiled Intimidations'
against Governor Pardee that came up
at the last meeting of the commission
of investigation appointed to look into
the affairs of the State Board of Phar
macy took up most of the proceedings
of the commission yesterday. The ner
vous Professor H. C. Finger at the last
session, after asking that the question.
"Has the Governor or any high State
official ever tried to Influence the
board?" be withdrawn, finally drew a
packet of letters from his pocket and
flung it on the table before Senator
Lukens.
John Leslie, a waiter on board the
Government transport Sheridan, was
held .to answer yesterday by United
States Commissioner Heacock to the
charge of selling army subsistence
stores and pocketing the proceeds. His
bonds were fixed at 5300.
Frank W. Arnold testified that he
was entitled to quarters on the troop
deck and to mess with the troops, but
that he enjoyed life for a period of
nine days in the second-class cabin
mess. Second Cabin Steward Hann
mer, he said, had pointed out Leslie to
him as the steward, and the witness
applied to Leslie for better quarters.
Leslie gave him the accommodations
and the witness paid Leslie fifteen
dollars.
Captain H. P. Young, the quarter
master In charge, told how he had
learned several days after leaving
Manila that several men who were not
entitled to da so -were eating in the
special mess. He summoned to his
room Sergeant Lees of the Signal
Corps, Frank W. Arnold and Carswell
and they admitted that they had paid
money to Leslie for the accommoda
tions. Leslie also admitted that he had
received the money. • Captain Young
testified further that he had been in
formed that . Steward Hannmer had
sold beds. No man could eat in the
mess, he said, without the knowledge
of the steward. When asked why he
had not taken Hannmer Into custody
he replied that he had not sufficient
evidence to convict him.
Leslie testified that he had acted un
der the orders of Steward Hannmer
and that he had given to Hannmer all
the money he had collected. He testi
fied further that Hannmer had re
quested him not to mention the fact
that the witness had turned over the
money to Hannmer and that when they
arrived at San Francisco the matter
would be dropped because he, Hann
mer, had "lots of influence." Leslie
testified further • that he had been
obliged to work sixteen hours per
day. I. ¦<¦
The reception committee of local
Knights Templar was busy last night.
To the most minute details everything
has been arranged to make their fra
ters from the East comfortable and |
perfectly at home before they reach j
San Francisco. The committee has !
been subdivided into squads of Sir j
Knights containing from three to seven ;
Templars.
Members of these squads in fatigue
will proceed to Stockton. San Jose and
Tracy to meet trains carrying brethren
of the conclave. A hotel clerk will ac
company each of these delegations.
Visitors will be assigned to their rooms
before they reach the city. All con
fusion and discomfort are avoided by
this forethought.
These reception squads will begin
their work Saturday, September 3, and j
continue until the day of the parade, j
Part of the reception committee will j
remain In this city, distributed around
the various hotels and depots.
Sir Knight George G. Clark is chair
man of this committee. Among his
able assistants are: Sir Knights A. F.
Burns, Judge Kerrigan, Judge Troutt,
Frank Sherman and B. C. Langley.
Escorts in full dress uniforms, with
banners and bands of music, will be
on duty to meet all trains and boats
arriving for the conclave from Satur
day morning, September 6. One of
the features of this escort, composed
of companies and squadrons, in full
dress uniform, is a special mounted
squadron formed of Sir, Knights of
Oakland Commandery No. 11 and Gold
en Gate Commandery No. 16, consisting
of two troops of twenty-seven Sir
Knights each, under command of Major
C. G. Toohey of Golden Gate Com
mandery. Troop A is composed of
members of Golden Gate Commandery
under command of Captain A. Wood
side. Troop B is composed of mem
bers of Oakland Commandery, under
command of M. E. Gaines. These com
mands are fully equipped with all
requisites and accouterments similar to
those of the regular army and Tem
plar regulations. Longer than a month
Major Toohey has been assiduously
drilling the Sir Knights as we'll as
their horses. .
California Commandery No. 1,
through Captain General R. P. Hurl
but, has offered for escort duty three
troops consisting of twenty-seven- Sir
Knights each, one the ( drill corps of
California Commandery, under com
mand of Captain R. P. Hurlbut, an
other to be commanded by Sir Knight
G. A. Clark and a third commanded
by Sir Knight R. J* Hathorn, thus
making five troops of mounted Sir
Knights for escort duty alone. In ad
dition to this, Oakland Commandery
will furnish one company of infantry
composed of its drill corps and com
manded by Sir Knight U. G. Richards.
This commandery will cross the bay
from Oakland each morning, taking
the first boat.
The Grand Commandery of Pennsyl
vania, together with Sir Knights of
Pennsylvania, will hold a reception
tendered to all Knights Templar and
their ladies attending the Twenty
ninth Triennial Conclave, in the marble
and maple rooms of the Palace Hotel
on Monday evening, September 5, from
8 until 10 o'clock. *; -
The advance guard of the Tennessee
Knights arrived 'in this city yesterday
afternoon and headquarters will be es
tablished at the Palace Hotel. The
party, which consists of about fifty-five
Sir Knights and their families, traveled
in two special cars, which left Nash
ville on August 15. The first stop was
made at Colorado Springs and later the
party stopped at Manitou and made a
trip to Pike's Peak. At Salt Lake City
another stop was made and the party
enjoyed a specially arranged organ re
cital in the Mormon Tabernacle and a
trip around the city on observation
cars. Prominent among the members
of the party are John B. Garrett of
Nashville, recording secretary of 'the
Tennessee Commandery, and A. N.
Sloan of Chattanooga. The majority of
the members are registered at the
Grand Hotel.
Colonel Pringle was born in South
Carolina about sixty years ago. As a
young man at the outbreak of the War
of the Rebellion he enlisted in the
Southern army and fought to the end.
After the war he went North and was
for many years one of the most pop
ular men in the swellest clubs of New
York City. He was also one of the
favorites in the tipper set at New
port, where all doors were open to
him. . For a time he was connected
with one of the railroads of the Mid
dle West. When Grover Cleveland
was elected President Colonel Pringle
was appointed Minister to Guatemala.
He filled the post with honor to him
self and his country and was trans
ferred to Constantinople. When
Cleveland was re-elected Colonel
Pringle was again stationed at Guate
mala.
Upon the outbreak of the Spanish-
American War the colonel was given
an important position in the transport
service, which he filled satisfactorily.
For the last two years he had been
connected with the Palace Hotel in
this city, where his genial manner
and frank courtesy won him the
friendship of all with whom he came
in contact. A linguist, a traveler and
a raconteur, he was always welcome
in any gathering and he will be missed
by thousands of friends both at home
and abroad.
Colonel Pringle's last illness was of
short duration. But two weeks ago
he was apparently in good health and
vowed that he was getting younger
every day. He was finally forced to
give up the struggle, however, and
submitted to the operation which
ended in death.
Arrangements for the funeral will
probably not be completed until his
kinsmen, some of whom are abroad,
have been heard from.
Colonel D. Lynch Pringle, well
known throughout the United States
as a politician, good liver and in his
younger days a society beau, died in
the Clara Barton Hospital yesterday
morning as the result of an operation
for hernia. ¦
He Asks No Favors and Ad
monishes Commission to
Adhere Strictly to Law
Excellent Arrangements Are
Made,, by Reception Com
mittee of the Templars
Discharged Officials Refuse
to Furnish Information
io a Rival Corporation
After Serving in the Civil
War Acts Twice as Minis
ter to Foreign Countries
CORRESPONDENCE TELLS
Captain Young Declares He
Could Obtain No Evi
dence Against Hannmer
BOASTS OF INFLUENCE
WILL NOT BE CONFUSED
SOLDIER AND DIPLOMAT
WANTS THEIK ACCOUNTS
And now with the illuminative aid of
the players, headed by Arnold Daly, to
whose five years' long crusade we owe
last night's production. As humorously
as a musical comedy— heaven save the
mark! It is Mr. Daly's, not mine!— goes
"Candida!" Again it thrills with the po
tent pulse of a "Hedda ; Gabler." Ajs
playmaking it Is the best of Shaw's
work, the half-dozen characters posed
•with life-likeness, the magnificent
sense of contrast of the consummate
artist. The drama is Inevitable from
their Juxtaposition. Candida is. the
hundredth woman, the poet the thou
sandth—perhaps the millionth—man,
and the rest of the ninety and nine.
Things must happen. True, the situa
tion, as the chief characters, is uncom
mon, but it does not strike one as Im
possible.
Very cleverly Mr. Shaw has captured
your sympathy for all his people. Par
son Morell, "windbag and orator,"
hugely in love with himself, and "his"
wife; Poet Eugene, in love with him
self also, but with a high self as altar,
an* with Candida; Candida, mothering
and sistering both of them; that emi
nent bourgeois, Papa Burgess; Lexy
Mills, the adoring curate, and last,
that admirable female, "Prossy."
Mr. Daly is, of course, .the poet— an
Infinitely more difficult "part than that
of Poet Lonboy. A "wretched, little
nervous disease" he calls himself, boy
voiced, 18 years old. a "sponge"- on at
least the domestic sympathies of Can
dida and her husband, but the far-vis
ioned part needs the most . exquisite
sympathy in its portrayal. This Mr.
Daly, brings to it. Possibly his make
up is sllghfly, morbid, but the portrait
is otherwise sheerly convincing. :, He
might be a youthful Keats, a Shelley
flinging back impatient locks, for thus
Shaw — elsewhere, v as I remember, .with
out the faintest, poetic gleam— has pic
tured him. 'One feels with him his pet
ulant torture at the everyday, common
ness— the. onions/ "little red ones,",- the
AS REGARDS THE PLATERS.
With a wise instinct of self-preser
vation where the* "heartless Hibern
ian" is concerned, Mr. Huneker plants
a dart of doubt as to his seriousness
here. "If in this letter he is playing
fair in the game- " he says. Is he?
Or is it that with what Dr. Daly
stigmatizes as our shocking looseness
of language even Mr. Huneker has
failed to read him aright? To Mr.
Huneker, by implication, Candida is
a woman "who has gone through the
Venusberg and still reached the
heights." For this he has Shaw's
"immoral female," and "she seduces
Eugene just exactly as far as it is
worth her while to seduce him,", be
sides the lady's own famous "shawl"
speech, about which, however, Mr.
Huneker says he has "never deceived
himself."
But the "sense immoral" is much
wider than its narowed modern sig
nificance. Does not Shaw, who uses
words with exquisite exactness, mean
here a general immorality of inter
course, Candida's pretense of belief in
her husband as a great man, for ex
ample, her apparent deference and real
dominance in^ the domestic relation, her
"tact" generally, in short? And the
"seduction" of the poet. The phrase
has been everywhere pounced upon as
evidence of 'Immoral" relations be
tween the poet and Candida. Yet all
the evidence in the play points to the
contrary conclusion. Is it not here
again in the use of words that misun
derstanding comes? "As far as it is
worth her while she has seduced Eu
gene's—that she has stopped at a
psychical liaison does not concern Mr.
Shaw, with whom thought and motive
alone count.
WAS SHAW JOKING?
"Don't ask me conundrums about
that very immoral female, Candida.
Observe the entry of W. Burgess:
•You're the lady as hused to typrite
for him. No, naaow. she was younger.'
And therefore Candida sacked her—
Prossy is a very select person, indeed,
devoted to Morell to the extent of help
ing in the kitchen, but to him the
merest pet rabbit, unable to get the
slightest hold on him. Candida is as
unscrupulous as Siegfried — Morell him
self sees that no law will bind her. She
seduces Eugene just exactly as far as
It is worth while for her to seduce him.
She is a woman without 'character' in
the conventional sense. Without brains
and strength of mind she would be a
useblied slattern or voluptuary. She is
straight for natural reasons, not for
conventional ones. Nothing can be
more coldbloodedly reasonable than her
farewell to Eugene. 'All will be well,
my lad; but I don't quite see myself at
fifty with a husband of thirty-five.' It
is Just this freedom from emotional
slop, this unerring wisdom on the emo
tional plane, that makes her so com
pletely mistress of the situation.
"Then consider the poet. She makes
a man of him finally by showing him
his own strength — that David must do
without poor Uriah's wife. And then
she pitches in her picture of the home,
the onions and the tradesmen and the
cosseting of big baby Morell. The
New ,York hausfrau thinks it a little
Paradise, but the poet rises up and
says, 'Out then into the night with
me — Tristan's holy night. If this
greasy fool's Paradise is happiness,
then I give it to you with both hands;
life is nobler than that.' .That is the
'poet's secret' The young things in
front weep to see the poor boy going
out lonely and broken-hearted into
the cold night to save the proprieties
of New England Puritanism, but he is
really a god going back to his heaven,
proud, unspeakably contemptuous of
the 'happiness' he envied in the days
of his blindness, clearly seeing that he
has higher business o nhand than
Candida. She has a little quaint in
tuition of the completeness of his cure;
she says, 'he has learned to do with
out happiness.' "
Brilliantly conceiving that her author
might know something of that very
much-explained lady, Candida—intro
duced last night to us at the Columbia
by Arnold Daly— the gifted critic of the
Sun wrote him. asking him what he did
know. In his paper on "The Truth
About Candida" in the current Metro
politan Mr. Huneker gives Mr. Shaw's
reply. Here it is, "Shaw on Shaw," in
dubitably the most fitting preface to
anything one may have to say about
"Candida." He says:
Candida in Miss Donnelly's hands I
find not wholly compelling, yet with
much charm. To me she needs breadth
and her self-conviction. The famous
"shawl" speech — that we heard breath
lessly last night — comes without any
particular force lent by Miss Donnelly.
In the vernacular, Candida is talking
a little "through her hat" here, but
there was no sense of exaggeration
expressed, or again, if it were seri
ously taken, of the tremendous altru
ism implied. But she is on the whole
graceful and sufficient and possessed
of. a most charming voice and enuncia
tion.
Every person in the cast is compe
tent. Morell, substantial, self-suf
ficient, conventionality incarnate, Is
capitally handled by Dodson Mitchell.
Our old friend Herbert Carr, stouter
than ever, is deliciously sufficient as
the bourgeois Burgess. Thomas
Thorne does all that is necessary as
the curate. But next to Mr. Daly Miss
Louise Closser as Prossy, the type
writer, contributes illusion. As the
snappy, pert, flat-bosomed maiden
Miss Closser is the funniest thing I
have seen for some time.
There is one scene — Ibsen fashion,
and not a particularly beautiful one,
being a middle class clergyman's
"work-sitting-room," but you will not
remember that while you are seeing
"Candida."
BLANCHE PARTTNGTON.
coal oil, the scrubbing brush. One sees
the flash of his poet's insight into the
Morell morality, into poor Prossy's
love secret, into Candida's own limita
tions, arid the great light— let in by
Candida's sane, kind hand— of the truth
that it. is in his work he must find his
happiness.
Every phase of the character is
illumined by Mr. Daly. He carries
one with him in his every scene, unto
the last, when with white, terrible,
shining face, the boy goes ''out into
the holy night." •
MISS DONNELLY'S CANDIDA.
Colonel D. Lynch Pringle's
Death at a Hospital Fol
lows Serious Operation
Squads of Citizens and Del
egates to Go Forth and
Board All the Specials
British Assurance Company
Applies to Judge borrow
to Enjoin Two Employes
Witnesses in the Sheridan
Scandal Say the Steward
Engaged in the Grafting
Attempt to Involve Him iu
Pharmacy Board Scandal
Results in Total Failure
Brilliant Drama by Irish Author Is Presented for
First Time at Columbia by Arnold Daly and
Clever Company— Wins Praise of Audience
LETTER CLEARS
THE GOVERNOR
MEET KNIGHTS
ON THE TRAINS
WAITER LESLIE
ONLY A TOOL
MANAGER HOLDS
OUT RECORDS
SHAW'S COMEDY "CANDIDA"
PROVES VASTLY HUMOROUS
VOICE HUSHED
IN LAST SLEEP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, "AUGUST. ."23, 1904
'Tv« b**n everywhere.' I've seen everything
worth seeing. I've tasted everything worth tast
ir.R, and 'Old Gilt Edge* is the best whiskey."
That man started off like an egotist, but he
**iUhsrt Ukm M. KAAd li.d«« of whlakr*> •
¦WILL INVESTIGATE MINES.— D. H. Jack
non, • th« well • known mining- man. arrived In
this city yesterday afternoon with a large party
of Eastern people and registered at the Palace
Hotel. The men accompanying Mr.. Jackson
are chiefly from I Pennsylvania and ar« familiar
with mines and : mining 1 . - During . their - atay
they will • visit various mining properties for
purposes of nspectlon and prospective purchase.
16
O Ha JKS?Kl la'*' < *f3l E4 1 1* • «&.BT/^1 O
I Sample Sale §
$ The goods are new. and dependable, but odd pieces or dis- •
• continued p'atterns. Manufacturers are constantly changing o
% designs. Because a pattern is no longer made it does not follow %
\ that it lacks merit. AH Discontinued Patterns and Odd •
• Pieces are placed in the economy sales room and closed out at •
o Great Reductions to make room for new goods. You will o
2 find an unprecedented saving in this department, §
• as the following items show: •
O Parlor Furniture Brass* Enamel and Folding Beds S
2 $20.00 Parlor Chair ....JO.TS $30.00 Brass Bed $13.65 •
• $150.00 Five-Piece W.9T9.50 520 .oo Enamel Bed 913.75 2
8 U°to S*CtoS^:5S:io $i5.oo Enamel Bed SS.65 |
S Dining Room Furniture **» FoIdin * Bcd ' ' ' -* 26 ' 75 |
• . V-*»««:««*' B«droom Furn'ture 5
• $10. so Oak Extension • ta
• Table 912.75 $30.5? Three-Piece Oak »
• $45.00 Oak Extension Suit 925.OO **
• Table .' 929.75 $40.00 Oak Dresser 923.75 5?
2 $100.00 Side Board 963.75 .$35.00 Chiffonier 927.75 o
J $60.00 Buffet 943.75 $20.00 Toilet Tablt 9S.75 ©
O ....v/ARFllr 1 o.... . #
0 A large selection of ready-made carpets. All grades and prices. O
O Bring the size of your room. You may find just what you need. •
'^^ftslwi'*'^ VoSaBSv *m liTBrT^Mr^a^^Safc'*'* m^^ Q
2 ' ¦ ¦ . ¦ v * §