SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3/ 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FIRST MOVE MADE
IN THE FIGHT FOR
DOLBEER MILLIONS
PRESIDENT SENDS
AGENT TO WATCH
THE BEEF BARONS
War News Continued on" Page 2.
Continued on Page 3, Column* 2.
night as a result of falling down the
elevator shaft of her London resi
dence, 35 Belgrave square. Her
thigh was fractured and her knee in
jured. "
i Mrs. Paget opened the
door ' in . the night with the intention
of stepping on the electric elevator.
This was .in the upper, part of the
house at the ; time, and she, not no
ticing this,* stepped into the shaft and
fell to the basement. , ¦
Sympathetic Strike Indorsed.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 2.— The conven
tion of the International Teamsters to
day indorsed the action of President
Shea and the executive board in callinsr
out on sympathetic strike the St. Louis
packing-house teamsters in support of
tiie striking butcher wortaaea.
The girl in her new uniform held
the attention of the crowd, as some
rumors of her etory had been circu
lated. There was ; loud applause as
the insignia of the army was pinned
to the collar of her uniform.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 2.— Miss
Marie Gibbons, the daughter of a
wealthy resident of Pocomoke City,
Md., this evening enlisted in the Sal
vation Army here and now she is won
dering what her father will say re
garding" her action. Miss Gibbons was
sworn in this evening. With Miss Gib
bons, under the crossed banners of
the army where" they were sworn in
as soldiers, were a former bartender
and two former followers of Dowie.
Maryland Dons Poke, Bonnet
and Plain Blue Dress.
Daughter of Wealthy Resident of
SVLVATJON ARMY WINS
HEIRESS AS A RECRUIT
.Paget, wife of Major "General Paget,
Scots Guards, . and daughter of the
late Mr. and Mrs. Paran Stevens of
New York, was seriously injured last
Mrs. Arthur Pagct the Victim of a
Peculiar Accident in Her Lon
don Residence.
LONDON, Aug. 2.- — Mrs. Arthur
FALLS DOWN ELEVATOR
SHAFT TO BASEMENT
REDDING, Aug. 2.— Game Warden
Eugene Barrlon,.who was .recently sent
from this city to do duty in Mendocino
County, came near being murdered and
has given .up his job and returned
home. .
Barrion was warned the second day
on duty that some one intended . to kill
him. He paid no attention to the warn
ing. Saturday he was waylaid by two
men, who opened fire * upon him with
rifles. Barrion's ,.dog. was killed and
his horse wounded. Barrion sprang be
hind a tree and escaped. He' has re
ported the matter to the > authorities
and they will Investigate/ Barrionwill
not return to Mendocino County.
Official Ignores a Danger Warning and
¦.•<>. Narrowly Escapes Assassina
tion in Forest.
HUNTERS IN MENDOCINO
SHOOT AT GAME WARDEN
McAuliffe wanted peace and put out
his hand to shake hands with the
truculent policeman, but the latter
overlooked the pugilist's peace offering
and knocked him down. ( McAuliffe
sprang to his feet with the agility of
a cat and began raining blov.3 upon
the face of the unknown. Gosney
fought back, but thevprizeflghter in
flicted merciless punishment. Gosney
weakened, but before going to the mat
for a rest he had raised many bumps
upon McAuliffe's countenance.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— James Gosney,
a country policeman, came to Newr
York on a cheap excursion from Har
risburg. Pa., crossed to Brooklyn ar.«l
proceeded to create trouble in a bowl
ing alley. He whipped the proprietor
and five men and then gave Jack Mc-
Auliffe, the ex-champion pugilist, ft
hard fight.
Whips Proprietor and Five 3Ien ami
Gives Jack McAuliffe, the Prize
fighter. Hard Battle.
TRUCULENT POLICEMAN
CLEANS OUT BOWLING ALLEY
• It .is on this statement and what
further information their own men
have been "able to secure that- the
strike leaders base their claims that
the packers are badly crippled, "not
withstanding statements to .the con
trary. A considerable number -of strike
breakers who arrived in Chicago were
dissuaded from going to work by
pickets. z\ •
:. In a statement given out by the
packers * to-day it was asserted that
out of the " 25,526 ;union men who went
out on strike 3056 -had .returned to
work. These desertions from i the
STRIKE BREAKERS ARRIVE.
Despite these declarations of the
packers' representatives, the pens at
the stockyards are filled with cattle
and hoes that buyers make no bids
for in the market. According to com
mission men and officials of the Union
Stockyards and Transit Company, out
of the livestock received yesterday and
to-day more than 19.000 sheep and-10,000
hogs were reshipped, and unsold stock
is rapidly accumulating in the pens.
Twelve thousand hogs remained un
sold to-night, and the prospect of
large receipts to-morrow is causing
the livestock handlers to fear a swamp
ing of their facilities. According to
commission men, there are thousands
of holdovers in all departments of the
yards, and the cattle in the peris' will
not all be out of the way by Saturday
night. In the face of all this shippers
are constantly forwarding , stock to
Chicago, and indications to-night are
that there will be a decided slump in
the prices of the stock.
This assertion was made by Meeker
to-night after the packers had brought
in during the day, according to their
estimates, 1300 new men. Another of
ficial of Armour & Co. said that the
packing firms were doing nearly 80 per
cent of their , usual business. Police
reports of the number of new employes
arriving at the yards to-day bore out
in a large measure the packers' state
ments.
who do will come back as individuals."
CATTLE AND HOGS UNSOLD.
The meat packers, whose union em
ployes are on strike, claim to be in a
better position to-night than at any
time since the struggle began. When
asked for the packers' side of the situ
ation Arthur Meeker, general manager
for Armour & Co., said: . .
"The strike may be said to be near at
an end. At the rate we are engaging
new empioyes.it will be only a matter
of a short time now until everything
will be in normal- condition with us
once more. When the butcher work
men repudiated their agreement " and
renewed the strike, after signing an
agreement to submit all grievances to
arbitration, we made a special effort to
win the fight, and we have been a great
deal more successful in our efforts than
the most sanguine of > the employers
had hoped for. The eld > employes*
places have been filled so rapidly that
very few /of the" strikers win- ever be
able to jet back their places, and those
CHICAGO, Aug. f— Inspector Carroll,
the special representative of the
United States, Department of. Com
merce and Labor, who obtained the evi
dence for the Government on which an
injunction was Issued about two years
ago by Judge Peter Grosscup . of the
Federal District Court enjoining the
larger packing companies from com
bining In fixing prices, either as buy
ers of livestock or sellers of meat, was
In the stockyards here this afternoon
investigating conditions. The inspect
or's presence is by direction of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor, ac
tuated, it is said, by direct orders from
President Koosevelt, who is anxious to
obtain the exact situation.
It is not the Intention of the Govern
ment, it is said, to take any action
toward ending the strike. Carrolljs
mission is to investigate the situation
with regard to alleged violations of the
Grosscnp injunction. His visit is the
forerunner of action to be taken by
the Department of Justice, which has
already been. supplied with a mass of
evidence relating to the operations of
the beef trust.
STATUS OF THE STRIKE.
Special Dispatch \o The 'Call.
Inspector Seeks Proof of Violation
of Grosscup In/unction.
Mrs. Josephine L. Moody. Referring to
the will of April 23, which Mugan and
Gray seek to have probated, the con
testant says:
"That said instrument is i:ot the last
v/ill and testament of said decedent;
that at the time the same bears date
and at the time when it is alleged that
said instrument was signed and exe
cuted, and for a long time prior there
to, the said Bertha M. Dolbeer was not
of a sound and disposing mind and was
not competent to make a will."
¦ The uncle asks that the will be not
admitted to probate and that it be de
creed that Bertha Dolbeer died intes
tate.
j The contest filed by Attorneys Wells
and Tauszky is in behalf of Frazier M.
Dolbeer, Jane Ann Brown and Alice H.
Fern of Brooklyn, and Stephen Dol
beer of Queens County, Xew York.
After reciting that Miss Dolbeer died
without issue, husband, father, mother,
brother or Bister, the paper gives up
the relationship of the contestants in a
way which leaves it in doubt. It is
said that the father of John Dolbeer
was Nicholas, long deceased, and
"Moses Dolbeer was one of the broth
ers." It is not certain whetb - Moses
was the brother of Nicholas ** jf John,
hut if it was the latter th<- .he chil
dren of Moses, who contests the will,
are the first cousins of the dead girl.
Moses died in December, 1903.
The heirs represented by Attorney
Schaertzer are yet to be heard from.
"Well, this makes my third hold-up,"
h-o said to himself, and he -commenced
to ng-ur* on how to beat the robbers
out of the prospective booty.
In a purse he had $400. and how to
save that was the question. A happy
thought struck him, and he slipped the
purse Inside his garments, next to his
ekin. A diamond ring he slipped into
one shoe. A sigh of relief escaped him
as the robbers went on their way after
taking his gold watch and $20. They
also took his railroad ticket from St.
Louis to Los Angeles, but this they re
turned.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— The officials of
the Illinois Central Railroad to-night
decided to increase the reward of $1000
for the arrest and conviction of the
bandits who held up the Diamond spe
cial last night near Matteson, 111., to
$4000, a reward of 51000 being placed on
the head of each of the robbers. A
circular offering this amount for the
capture of the robbers has been pre
pared and will be sent broadcast over
the country in the hope that it will fa
cilitate the capture of the bandits.
.- ST. LOUIS, Aug. 2.— The bandits who
held' up the Diamond special on the
Illinois Central Railroad took from J.
t.. Croft of 1331 Calumet avenue, Los
'Angeles, a watch and chain valued at
StO and t-Q in money, but owing to
Croft"* quick-wittedness leXt $40u in
Hv*~ - " ."¦ ' - - "
When Croft saw the masked men
coming down the aisle of the car with
revolvers in their hands and the whole
crew in tow he knew exactly what was
up, for he- had been through two simi
lar experiences.
Special Dispatch io The Call
The first guns in the prospectively
long battle for the millions of Bertha
M.Dolbeer, who .flung herself from a
ninth-story "" window in New York on
July 9, were heard yesterday in
the Superior Court. On the probate
calendar It was announced . that the
court would hear the application "of
William G. Mugan and George D. Gray
for the admission of the will to pro
bate. Judge Hunt was sitting -for
Judge Coffey, who is away on a vaca
tion.
Attorneys Pillsbury and Williamson
appeared for the. executors named in
the will and answered "ready" when
the case was called. \ Then Hiram W.
Johnson, who is attorney for Adolph
Schander, an uncle of the unfortunate
girl, told the court that a contest to the
will had been filed and asked for a con
tinuance of the hearing. Judge Hunt
thereupon . set the matter over until
August 12. Besides the attorneys for
the contending interests, the adminis
trators, Mugan and Gray, were in
court.
Two contests were filed in the case
that of Schander and that of the New
York heirs, who were represented by at
torneys, George R. "Wells and Edmund
TauszkyV In the Schander contest the
document recited the circumstance of
Miss Dolbeer' s death and said that the
heirs at law were the uncles, Adolph
'and Horatio Schander and an aunt,
CABINET MINISTERS WHO ARE PAVING THE WAY FOR A PROSECUTION /
OF THE SO-CALLED "BEKF TRUST' -AND JURIST WHOSE INJUNCTION
THE PACKERS ARE ALLEGED TO HAVE VIOLATED.
Two Contests Filed by Uncle and
Other Relatives.
Victim of Three Holdups
Uses His Experience to
. Good ..Advantage on Train
WEALTHY YOUNG WOMAN OVER WHOSE ESTATE A BITTER FIGHT IS
PROMISED. ONE OF THE- RELATIVES WHO FILED A CONTEST YES
TERDAY AND, THE ATTORNEY WHO REPRESENTS HIM.
WISE TRAVELER
BALKS BANDITS
GALVESTON, Tex.. Aug. 2.— The
Grand Jury of Belle County has in
dicted 1500 physicians and druggists for
violations of the local option law and
. they are being arrested by the score.
This will make the largest criminal
docket of any court in Texas.
The true bills, are the result of ir
regular prescriptions having been or
dered by physicians in their practice
and the filling of these prescriptions
by the druggists. If all are tried upon
the separate indictments returned it
is. believed the cases will require sev
eral months of the court's time.
It is the general belief that no jury
can ever be impaneled that will convict
the .physicians^ and druggists on the
< harjres preferred "oy the Grand Jury, !
but this was also the belief when the
complaints were registered. Neverthe
less, the wholesale indictments have
created a sensation in the State and
the criminr.1 branch of the State courts
threatens that if impartial trials are
not had and the men convicted, pro
vided the testimony is conclusive, the
State will take a hand in the proceed
ings.' ' . ' v. '
Th? developments are looked forward
to with much interest, as many prom
inent men are involved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"It is true that Huntington is to
build from Fresno to "Wawona and that
he is going after a big Yosemite busi
ness, but the proposition ¦ is backed by
Mr. Huntington, W. G. Kerchoff. A. C.
Balch and other Los Angeles capital
ists. Harriman is not in it at all."
Wawona is within sixteen miles of
the Yosemite Valley, which is as near
as any railroad can get to the Govern
ment property. The electric line from
Fresno wi!l be seventy-nine miles in
length and will cost about Jl.OOO.OCO
to build. The route will be by way vt
Clovls and Crane Valleys. "With Fresno
as the center, Huntington intend3 to
run various electric lines through that
part of the State.
The corporation holdings are founded
on_property and water rights ov.ned by
an old man named "VV. V. Clark, who
has held them for many years. The
Mokelumne ditch, as the water course
is to be called, will be built from the
junction of the north and south forks'
of the Mokelumne River and will con
vey an enormous amount of water to
various drops, where turbine motors
will generate the electricity. Murray
M. Harris and others of this city are
investing capital in this corporation.
Harris is in Fresno.
It has been stated that E. H. Har
rlman is interested with H. E. Ilunc
ington in the Fresno Traction Com
pany and other enterprises there and
that he Js also a party to the big elec
tric power deal in that part of the
State. To-night an officer high in the
Huntington companies made an em
phatic denial of Harriman's reported
interest. He said:
"I am credited with selecting gitea
for power plants in that district to bo
used by Mr. Huntington in connection
with the Fresno Traction Company
system," he said. "I never made a "
survey up there and am not employed
by the corporation which is doing the
work. It is not H. E. Huntinjrton. but
the Sierra Nevada Water and Power
Company. ' " - -
"It is a big proposition. "W. G. Clarlc
of Seattle, formerly of San Francisco. *
who is manager of the new company,
told me that over $20,000,000 would be
expended by the corporation in the de
velopment of a big power supplying
business. They intend to carry the
'Juice' all the way to San Francisco
and also feed various cities in the San
Joaquin Valley and on the coast of Cen
tral California."
Masson returned to-nighr fromFrea
no and told of the formation of a big
corporation backed by English ana.
American capital, which is planning
to use the waters of the Mokelumus
-attfl other rivers and streams in Cala
veraa and Tuolumne counties to gene
rate electrical power.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 2. — An elec-.
trlcal power scheme of gigantic pro*
portion, /backed by unlimited capital
and having for Its object the supply
ing: of San Francisco and other cities
in the central portion of the State, 13
the latest of the big development en
terprises in California, the particulars
of which were made public to-night
by R. S. Masson, chief engineer lor
H. E. Huntington and his associates,
both here and at Fresno.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHEFU, Aug. 3, 1 1 a. m. — A
desperate three days' assault upon
the inner defenses on the northern
and eastern sides of Port Arthur
has failed, according to advices
brought by two junks, which ar
rived here to-day. A Russian
who escaped from Port Arthur,
via Pigeon Bay, on the night of
July 29, says that the earth
trembled under the terrific can
nonading, which began at 4
o'clock in the morning of July 26
arjcl ended during the night of
Tuly 28, when .the battle ceased. A
Chinese* who -ihas "arrived 'here oh
a separate junk confirms the Rus
sian's statement, that Russian
killed and wounded during the as-,
sault numbered between 5000 and
6000. The Japanese, in their re
peated assaults against the east
ern forts on the hills, through
barbed wire entanglements and
Over mines, displayed fanatical
bravery. They were mowed down
by the hail of shells and bullets
and the explosion of mines under
their- feet. Their losses are esti
mated at 20,000. The Russian
declared that the Russians held all
the eastern forts leading to Gold
en Hill and that the Japanese,
shattered and exhausted, retired
to the eastward.
As related by the passengers of
the two junks, the Japanese ad
vance, which began from Kwo
kau before daybreak on July 26,
was directed against Kikwan,
Kinkitun, Kinkishan and Pchtou
shan forts, lying: near the shore.
The Russian outposts were driven
back. In the meantime Admiral
Togo shelled the forts at long
range, but the return fire of the
forts kept his ships at a safe dis
tance* rendering the co-operation
of the fleet ineffective.
On the morning of July 27 the
Russian fleet steamed out, keep
ing under the protection of the
Golden Hill guns. The Russian
vessels did not fire upon the Jap
anese and soon returned to theii
anchorage.
The assault ¦ on the northern
side of the city occurred on July
27. The Japanese left at Hsikau
advanced on the Russians at
Shinshiying^ but were repulsed.
The junks were within hearing
distance for three, days after leav
ing, but no more firjng was heard.
The Russian hospitals in Port
Arthur are said to be swamped.
Thousands of wounded are lying
in •houses and shops of the Chi
nese, the owners having been
evicted,- with the exception of one,
who acts as /caretaker of f, each
place. Medical attention is ade
quate. . :¦ .;.-¦• -;
Generating Source Is Said to Be on tha- .
Clark Holdings Along the
Mokelmnne River/
Grand Jury Passes Upon the Granting
; > ; of Imguiar Prescriptions
¦ %::'¦/ to the Thirsty.
Pigbt With Fanatical Cour
age Tiirougi) Barbed
Wire and Mines. /
fifteen; Hundred Galveston
% ¦ IJoctors and Druggists
Great Syndicate Will Sup-'
ply Bay Cities With
Electricity.
fail in an Attempt
to Capture Inner
Defenses/
Project ol Millions
Is Disclosed by
Engineer.
plation of a Local
Option Law Is
WHOLESALE
ARRESTS OF
PHYSICIANS
PLANS BIG
ENTERPRISE
FOR POWER
Crushing Defeat
of Attacking
Japanese.
LOSSES IN BATTLE AT PORT ARTHUR
TOTAL TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND MEN
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 64.
THE THEAT233.
Alcazar — "The X»ady of i.y<rai."
California— "The Buffalo Myi
. tcry.'!
Central — "Sersreant James."
Columbia — "Mice and Men.**
CJintes — Vaudeville.
Fischer's— "The Whirl of the
TOTTO."
Grand- — "Shenandoah."
Orpnexun — Vaudeville. Katlnee
to-day.
Tivoli — "The Toreador." ¦
The San Francisco Call.
THE WEATHER.
• * ... "^ j" . }
g Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for »30 hours, * endlnsr mid
'«tU$V A.iartt«t : i> 3,.l3d4T
Saa Francisco and vicinity —
Pair Wednesday, with fear In
the afternoon; freah werterly
triads.
A. G. McADIE.
District Forecarter. .IIAICHENG, Monday, Aug. l,;9:40
p. m. — The battle raged the whole
day July 31 along the southern and
eastern fronts. The Japanese ad
.vanccd- with overwhelming forces,
flanking the Russians on their right.
The losses of the Russians, however,
were slight. The Seventeenth Sibe
rian Regiment drove the Japanese
out of one nosition.
SAYS .HE WAS DETAILED
. TO GET NON-UNION MAN
The upper flat was occupied by O. E.
Mack. The entire rear of the three
flats was burned away, and the loss is
estimated at J7000. 'The loss to the
furnishings In the dwellings by fire
and water will be in the neighborhood
of $5000, partly covered by insurance.
The rear part of the new building
at 471 Geary street caught fire and for
a time the entire building was threat
ened.
The burned buildings were owned
by H. Hughes and Bovee, Toy & Co.
Mrs. Frank Marshall rushed Into a
burning bedroom to secure her purse
and was seriously burned about the
hands and face. The purse, containing
544, could not be found.
The three flats were occupied by a
score of sleeping people. They were
awakened by the crackling of the
flames and the shouts of fire. In the
flat at 412 Taylor street little Ruth
Costello, the niece of Daniel W. Rior
dan, was rescued by her uncle. The
child was peacefully sleeping within a
few feet of the flames, all unmindful
of her danger. She was somewhat over
come with smoke and*, was quickly car
ried to a place of safety, where she re
vived. \v •
Shortly before 1 o'clock this morn
ing fire broke out in the rear of three
flats at 410, 412 and 414 Taylor street.
One woman, Mrs. Frank Marshall, was
badly burned about the head and arms.
The blaze started In a pile of rub
bish In the rear of a new building at
471 Geary street and quickly leaped to
the rear of the Taylor-street dwellings,
enveloping them in flames.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 2. — The
sailing of the Baltic squadron is
probable within a fortnight. The Ad
miralty has sent out Instructions
through the Foreign Office to the
Consuls along the route to prepare
for thirty vessels within three weeks.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 2. — In Ad
miralty circles it is claimed that pri
vate information has been received to
the effect that eight torpedo-boats
were recently sojd in the United
States to the Japanese Government.
MAOYANG, Aug. 2. — After a fierce
battle the Eastern Russian force has
evacuated Yangtzuling (sixty miles
west of Motlcn Pnss).
BLAZE DRIVES
SLEEPERS OUT
Russia Buying Transports.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark, Aug. 2.
A Russian agent has arrived here with
the object of purchasing large trans
ports to accompany the Baltic squad
ron to the Far East.
rilJlOWX FKOM A HORSE
. . AND SLIGHTLY BKUISED
I>uchr>s of Marlborouffh Receives In
juries In . an Atv ident at
. .. Blenheim Park.
LONDON. Aug. 2. — Consuelo.
Dncness of Marlborough. formerly
?li*s Vanderbilt. was thrown from a
hOTOB yesterday, evening at Blenheim
Park and considerably bruised and
shaken, She.was taken to the palace
in a motor car and probrfbly will be
confined to the house for a week.
-'The Duke of Marlborough during
tlie. day issued a statement saying
that the accident to the Duchess "was
only slight and that she was pro-
ETPSsina- favnrahlv
Press Enlogizcs Count Keller.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 2. — The
Russian press to-day was filled with
eulogies of the late Lieutenant Gen
eral Count Keller, who was consid
ered to be one of the most dashing
commanders in the Russian army.
Depot of Supplies Established.
NEWCHWANG.- Aug. 2.— A large
depot of army supplies has been es
tablished by the Japanese at the old
Russian railroad station. Two thou
sand troops are kept on guard there.
Japanese transports and hospital ships
are expected here hourly.
A sham religion is the costliest thing
a man can get.
Warships to Coal at Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG, France, Aug. 2. — A
trustworthy report is current here
that six Russian warships are expect
ed to coal at this port *
There are many "blarney stones" In
this country. They are set in engage
ment rings.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 2. — The
fact that the United States offered to
assist in the protection of the Kom
mander Islands 'sealing grounds dur
ing the war and Russia's acceptance
of the offer, which w.as published in
the Russian paners only this morn
ing, is the subject of much favorable
comment, as showing the pleasant re
lations existing between the two Gov
ernments.
Russian Press Less Bitter.
THANKS AMERICAN CONSUIi.
General ,. Fukushima Appreciates the
V * J Good Work 'of Miller.
NEWCHWANG, Aug. 2. — General
Fukushima arrived here this after
noon,. Having marched up from Dalny.
Gf.neral Fukushima, complying with
instructions from his superiors, called
upon United States Consul General
Miller to-day and extended to him the
tiianks of the Japanese Government
for his work In assisting Japanese
refugees and maintaining order at the
time of the Russian evacuation of
Newchwang.
Stan ¦• and : Wlfff and Alleged Stolen
; . . -., •';-• Child Arrested I>y Federal
"¦%¦/.'': h ¦.;"¦; ;•-. . Authorities.
¦"CHICAGO. . Aug. 2.— Elsie Gell?rt, a
little Danish girl of 5 years, is in the
'v'ustody of the federal authorities here.
.- "William. Jensen and his wife. Mary
• Jensen', -also- are in custody, charged
.with having kidnaped the child in Den
trar^.. :
¦VYhile/it is' stated that th* child's
parent? are wealthy and that a ransom
,«if- £100.0311 has been demanded for her
r'f turn jo Denmark, the Jensens insist
¦That they are in rightful possession of
.the little girl. For more than two year3
the -Danish Government has been
searching for tire Jensens, and detec
•tives.in every city of the United States
have been looking for them.
ClfAIifiE OF. KIDNAPING
&£ \: ; ,V ; Made against danes
During the reconnaissance in the di
rection of Fengwangcheng on July 30.
General Sakharoff reports, two of
ficers and thirty-four men were
wounded and on July 31, during a re
connaissance, in the direction of Liao
khautsia, two officers were killed and
one officer and twenty men were
wounded. On the same day, when the
Japanese occupied the pass between
Yangshukan and Houtsiatze (twenty
five miles from Liaoyang) five officers
and f.orty men were wounded. Gen
eral Sakharoff also says:
"The enemy Is acting undecidedly
on our south front."
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 2. — Gen
eral Sakharoff. under date of August
1. reports obstinate fighting in the di
rection of the Saimatza-Liaoyang
road on July 30. and 31, the Russian
vanguard retaining its positions until
August 1, when it retired to Yangse
Pass.
General SakharotT Says That Only the
Yanjruard Foil Back.
REPORTS RUSSIAN RETREAT.
WAR BULLETINS
Quite an agitation on their behali[
was got up by the Japanese newspapers,
in Tokio, who waited on the general
staff and pressed the claims on behalf
of their foreign colleagues on the offi
cials, offering to forego their prior
claims in the interests of the foreign
ers. • , "
Davis has a^hlgh opinion of the fight
ing Qualities of the Japanese, and as
he saw the fighting on the Yalu he
ought to know. Regarding the opera
tions of the Vladivostok squadron, he
says the Japanese Government has re
ceived information which goes to show
that the so-called Norwegian whalers
are acting as scouts for the Vladivostok
ships.
These whalers have been observed
several times cruising in parts of the
Sea of Japan, where no whales are
found, and their movements northward
and southward coincide strangely with
the movements of the squadron.
Several Tokio journals allude to the
matter and express the opinion that
their work may explain the safety with
which the squadron so far has eluded
pursuit. Some action will be taken by
the Government.
The transportation and commissariat
arrangements have been excellently
carried out, and practically the plan of
campaign has been followed without
modification, and eo far with complete
success.
The Empress saw nothing of the Rus
sian ships, although there was kept a
close lookout.
j '
Davis expressed the opinion that the
Japanese officials have entirely misun
derstood the status of the foreign war
correspondents, and is doubtful wheth
er those in Tokio will ever get to the
front, although when he left Tokio they
had been assured that they would leave
Bakan for Port Arthur on the 24th ult.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 2.— Oscar
King Davis, the noted correspondent of
the San Francisco Call and the New
York Herald, arrived here on the Em
press of Japan this morning from the
Orient. Davis is among the more for
tunate of the foreign war correspond
ents, in that he saw a good deal of the
actual fighting and was not shut in
Tokio all the time awaiting the fulfill
ment of official promises. He is looking
in fine trim and says that he has had
some very interesting experiences.
Shantiakow is situated on the rail
road leading from Port Arthur to Kin
chou and is between Ingentzi Bay and
Victoria Bay, but is closer to the for
mer than to the latter. Roughly speak
ing, Shantiakow is about ten miles
from the actual fortnes3 of Port Ar
thur. It is a position of {,-reat natural
strength, commanding a broad plain
leading to Wuchiatun, another strong
position on hills about four miles from
the .fortress. ,
TOKIO, Aug. 2.— It is reported here
that after three days of desperate
fighting the Japanese have captured
Shantiakow, one of the important de
fenses of Port Arthur.
Japanese Claim to Have Captured an
Important Position.
SHAXTIAKO1V IS TAKEN.
GALT^-HERALD CORRESPONDENT.
WHO HAS RETCRNED FROM
AVAR IN FAR EAST.
To deepen the mystery, she has pa
! pers showing that the Paris branch of
! J. Pierpont Morgan's banking-house
had acted as her financial agents and
through them she had drawn an an
nual income of $15,000. Now she flnd3
herself in a strange country without
a cent, no clothing except what she'
wears and no clear idea as to why she
came here.
The Marine Hospital surgeon at
tached to the Immigration Bureau de
clares the woman is deranged. The
surgeon of the steamship which brought
her here asserts positively that she is
not. He talked with her on every day
of the voyage and on every subject
and found her perfectly rational. But
on the representation of the Marine
Hospital surgeon the immigration au
thorities refused to allow. the woman to
land and would have removed her to
Ellis Island had it not been for pro
tests of the steamship officers, who
said that the fair voyager was too deli
cate and refined to be penned in with
a lot of immigrants, and that, since she
had been barred from landinsr and
would have to return by the shiD that
brought her, they would care for her
on board ,the ship if the officials did
not object.
No objection was made and- the
woman is now on board, well cared for.
She said her name • was Constantine
Phalen: that she was born In Dublin
and had been married, but. havinsr sep
arated from her husband, had resumed
her maiden name.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Clad in a rich
evening dress of white silk and fllmv
lace, a woman whose affairs seem
hedged about with- mystery crossed
from Southampton to New York. She
asserts that she does not know whv
she took the trip. She explains her
costume by saying that It was the
only one she had with her. but cannot
explain why she started on an ocean
journey clad in evening dress* and
wearing white satin slippers. , . <
Rich Woman Clad in Evening Dress
and Satin Slippers Arrives at
New York.
MYSTERIOUS PASSENGER.
OX AN* ATLANTIC MXER
The contention- is. supported by an
enumeration of the veins lying within
the walls of the claim that have been,
entered by the defendants.
To-day's suit i3 the seventh filed by
the Amalgamated interests against the
Heinze clique in the past two weeks.
BUTTE. Mont., Aug. 2. — Another com
plaint was filed in the District Court
to-day against the Helnze clique asking
for damages In the sum of J3.800.00O.
making the total damages claimed in
the suits now pending against F. Au
gustus Heinze. his associates and
agents, nearly $26,000,000.
In the action started this afternoon ,
the Boston and Montana Consolidated *
Copper and Silver Mining Company as- .
serts that the Montana Ore Purchasing
Company, the Johnstown Mining Com
pany, F. Augustus Heinze, Arthur P.
Helnze. John MacGlnnis and J. H. Tre
rise entered the veins and ore bodies
of that portion of the Johnstown lode
mining claim owned by the plaintiff
and extracted by means of Under
ground workings ore to the value of
$3,800,000 and converted It to their own
use.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 2.— It is
reported in well-informed circles that
Muravleff, the Minister of Justice,
will succeed Von Plehwe, " late Minis
ter of the Interior.
N. V. MUravieff, the Minister of Jus
tice, is 'a brother of the late Count
Muravleff. who, when Minister for
Foreign Affairs, died -suddenly on June
21, 1900. He was born in 1850. and,
with his brother, the late Minister of
Foreign Affairs, was greatly instru
mental in the transformation of the
Russian penal system and in utilizing
the vast resources of Siberia. The
Minister of Justice is a nephew of the
great Count Muravieff-Amurskij, the
hero of the Russo-Turkish war of
1828-29, and who in 1831-32 took a
prominent part in suppressing the
Polish insurrection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GENEVA. Aug. 2. — Russian police
have evidence, that the assassination
of Von Plehwe, Russian Minister of
the Interior, was planned in Geneva
by a central committee of the Dorje
vaya organization and that the death
of the Czar also was a part of the
plot.
Confederates of the assassin have
been traced to a villa close to the
French frontier, on Lake Leman,
where the details of the crime were
'arranged. The leader let it be sup
posed that he was a retired French
tradesman named Duval. The mem
bers of the committee approached the
villa in small boats disguised as fish
ermen, early in the morning. A high
wall about the place insured secrecy.
The Swiss and French police sus
pected that all was not right about the
villa and held it under surveillance.
The only trace of the Thea in the
maritime records available is that she
is of 934 tons register and that she Is a
German vessel which had been trading
In the China Sea. . .." -
The steamship Schinau, from Austra
lia for Yokohama, was inspected and
released. On July 25 the Thea, a Ger
man vesel of 934 tons register, "with a
full cargo of fish from America to Yo
kohama, was stopped. She was re
garded as a legal prize and her crew
was taken off and the vessel sunk
owing to the impossibility of bringing
her to a Russian port."
On July SO, near the northern coast, a
Japanese third-class cruiser and sev
eral tcrpedo-boats, taking the same
course as the Russians, were sighted,
while on the western coast near the
Tsugaru Straits a coast defense battle
ship hove into sight.
"All these ships," Admiral Jessen
says, "kept far astern of our cruisers,
and after two h/mrs they turned away.
The .Russian squadron suffered no loss
In men and no damage, and there was
no loss of life on the vessels sunk or
taken."
The news of the return of the Vlad
ivostok cruisers from their third suc
cessful raid considerably lessened the
feeling of despondency created by Gen
eral Kuropatkin's telegram to the Em
peror admitting the necessity of his
retreat. Vice Admiral Skrvdloff's re
port of the cruise points out the utter
inability of the Japanese warships to
follow up the three Russian cruisers.
The Japanese were apparently unable
to spare a single effective ship to cope
with them. The few antiquated ves
sels encountered by Rear Admiral Jes
sen were unable to give chase, and the
torpedo-sboats were shy In approaching
the Russians.
It is presumed that the steamship
Thea, although flying the German flag,
was chartered by an American firm.
In view of the fact that she sailed
with a cargo of canned fish, it is con
sidered not unlikely that, like the
Arabia, she sailed from Portland, Or.
Two Japanese schooners were sunk.
Then Admiral Jessen fell In in quick
succession with the British steamships
Arabia and Knight Commander. Of
the Arabia he says nothing new.
"The Knight Commander only stopped
after the fourth shot," the admiral re
ports. "Her cargo being railroad.ma
terial, undoubtedly contraband for the
belligerent party, and not being able
to bring her to the nearest Russian
port, owing to her not having enough
coal, without manifest danger to the
squadron, we sank the Knight Com
mander after taking off all her crew
and removing her papers."
Two more Japanese schooners laden
with salt were then sunk.
With the cruisers Rosslay, Gromobol
and Rurik, Admiral Jessen left Vladi
vostok on July 20. After sinking a
small Japanese vessel the cruisers held
up the British steamship Camara, but
as she had no cargo and "was not
caught In the act of carrying contra
band of war we were compelled to let
her go," says the dispatch.
A Japanese coasting steamship was
next met, but "as most of her fifty pas
sengers were women we determined to
release her."
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 2.— In a
lengthy telegram to the Emperor, Vice
Admiral Skrydloff relates the doings of
the Vladivostok squadron under Rear
Admiral Jessen.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 2.— It is
sure that at present a battle is going
on for possession of the Liaoyang main
road. Kuropatkin himself is in the
midst of the lighting. It was stated to
day that the general staff had received
news that the commander in chief had
been wounded by a bullet in the arm.
Allowing tor the inevitable conflict in
names, the Japanese and Russian re
ports seem to agree on the main points
of the military developments up to
August 1, but both gtop short at their
interesting point, namely; regarding
what occurred on August 2, when it is
possible ft decisive struggle was pro
ceeding east and south of Liaoyang.
It is evident from Kuropatkin's dis
patches" and the Japanese reports that
the Russians abandoned Yangse Pass,
falling back upon Liandlansian, a
strong defensive position in the hills
twenty-four miles southeast of Liao
yang.
General Kuropatkin admits that there
were heavy losses along the Siamatsza-
Liaoyang road on July 31. The official
account is somewhat inconclusive, but
indicates that although the Russians
withdrew from their advanced posts
Kuropatkin hoped to be able to hold
his main positions, even in the face of
the superior Japanese force, and that
he evidently expected heavy fighting
along this line, probably at Anping.
This battle was practically proceeding
on August 2, although the dispatch re
ports that all was quiet up to noon of
August 1.
In the meantime a serious enveloping
movement of three Japanese divisions
was maturing around the Russian left
at Haicheng. where there was also
heavy fighting on July 31.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
!I*ratd. Copyright. 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Total of Twenty-Six Mil
lion Dollars Involved in
Series of Legal Actions
,.: It ; would appear that the Haytians
fire;;. jinn icularly. opposed to the pres
'?i)e& of .Fyria*ns i:i their country. The
¦3djoni"teur. Official of Port au Prince
¦•cii'J-ubH?.? promulgated a law then re
.tr-n.tly. adopiedby Parliament forbid
diriK -the* en try into the territory of th<»
republic- -of all foreigners of Syrian
¦/O'figin'.: '.Syrians already established in
•Hay-ti were allowed six m.onths in
.which '.to close out their business and
Jm '.ye. ''Haitian* territory. "
PORT AU PRINCE, Haytf. Aug 2.—
The most Ferious disorders are expect
ed here. The population is very much
excited, by the continued rise in the
price of all merchandise, and a band
of soldiers to-dav made an attempt
to pillace the Central Market and the
Fhops in that vicinity. Other troops
and the police immediately Intervened
and -re-established order. All the stores
in Port au Prince, however, are closed.
During the dava number of Syrians
¦were stoned In the streets.- Two of
them were wounded and their stalls,
surrounding the C : entral Market, were
destroyed by soldiers.
• American. 'Minister Powell has In
formed President Nord that all engage
ments-entered into with American cit
izens must be respected, and that the
-raiiroad from Port' au Prince to the
interror,' beingr an American enterprise,
must be protected by the Haytian Gov
ernment .and enabled to continue in
¦operation. ¦/ . • " . • >
"... A few of- the Syrians tried to reopen
•their 'stores, but were compelled by the
'soldiers .to close them again. Some of
tHe Syrians-are American citizens, and
they "have appealed .for protection to
.Minister* PowdU. The Minister has
promised them- that energetic action
vwiM.'bv 'taken in their behalf, *at the
£arn?- time advising them not to open
tlifir-Ftures. for a few. days.
¦'in th? fig-ht. between the police and
¦tire .spidiers many -were wounded.
Minister Powell Warns Pres
ident Xord That American
Interests 3iustBeProtected
CLAIMS BIG DAMAGES
Plot Is Arranged at Meeting
of Assassins in a
(JITlOO \JlVj m
First Details' of Incident
Are Conveyed in Keport
From Skrydloff.
J TOKIO, Aug. 3, 10 a. m.— The Japa
nese defeated the Russians at Torau
cheng (Slmoucheng) and drove them
toward Haicheng in a sharp fight,
j which began last Saturday and ended
on Sunday. The Russians left 1500
dead on the field and lost six guns.
The Russians occupied a range of
high hills north of Tomucheng (Simou
cheng). which were strongly defended
with covered trenches, fortresses and
covered emplacements, which con
sumed mtrntha in constructing.
The Japanese seized a range of
heights to the southward on Saturday.
They began the attack at daylight on
Sunday. The Japanese left wins en
countered severe opposition. The Rus
sians were gradually reinforced, and
their artillery was increased to twen
ty-one {funs. The Japanese, who were
also reinforced, renewed the attack at
3 o'clock in the afternoon and drove
the Russians northward. The Jap
anese right, exposed to a severe ar
tillery fire, was forced to halt.
The Russians, who were reinforced,
assumed the offensive at 5:30 o'clock in
the evening, but were repulsed with a
heavy loss. The Russian artillery pre
vented the Japanese from pursuing
and during the night the Russians
withdrew toward Haicheng. The Jap
anese casualties were about 400.
General Kurokl has telegraphed that
j in the two days' fighting at Yanprtze
| ling and Yushulintzu his losses were six
j officer* killed, sixteen officers wounded
and 950 men killed and wounded
TOKIO, Aug. 2 (Noon).— General Ku
roki has administered a severe defeat
to the Russian forces which defended
the Russian east flank at Liaoyang,
winning separate actions at Yushu
likzu and at Yangse Pass. These two
places are twenty-six miles apart, but
the two actions were fought at the
same time. The Russians held strong
positions. The thermometer registered
more than 110 degrees Fahrenheit and
the soldiers suffered cruelly from heat
exhaustion.
At Yushulikzu the Russians had two
divisions of infantry and some artil
lery, and they resisted the Japanese
assaults vigorously.
Both attacks were begun at dawn
of Sunday. July 31. At Yushulikzu the
Japanese carried the Russian right and
left wings, but on account of 'the
strength of the main Russian position
they were unable then to press the at
tack. The two armies rested on Sun
day night, facing each other.
At dawn of Monday the Japanese re
sumed the attack and by noon they
had dislodged the enemy and driven
him four miles, to Laoholing.
At Yangse Pass also the Japanese
were successful. Their artillery opened
on the enemy and the infantry
moved forward from Makumeza. The
attack at this place was made at 1
o'clock on Sunday, and by nightfall the
Japanese were in possession of a ma
jority of the Russian positions, al
though the enemy had resisted with
determination.
The Japanese forces passed the night
in battle formation and another as
sault was made on Monday at dawn.
By 8 o'clock on Monday morning
Yangse Pass and the surrounding
heights had been captured.
General Kuroki explains the slow
ness of these actions by saying that
the difficult topography of the battle
fields made it imposible to secure good
artillery positions and that the great
heat fatigued his troops.
The Russian force at Yangse Pass
was estimated at two and one-half di
visions and four batteries of artillery.
The enemy retreated toward -/Tang
hoyen.
General Kuroki reports the capture
of some field guns, but the number Is
not given. The Japanese casualties
are being Investigated. /
Six Russian Guns Captured
in the Final Charge at
Sinioucheng.
Intrepid General Mingles
With" His Men on the
Fighting Line. .
MOBE TBOUBLE FEAEED
Kace Hatred Is the Cause of
Serious Rioting on the
Streets of Port au Prince
Kuropatkin Is Wounded in
Arm While Directing
His Forces.
German Steamship Thea
Sunk by the Vladivostok
Squadron.
Czar's Death Is Planned by
Conspirators Who Slew
Von Plehwe.
Boston and Montana Com
pany Alleges a Theft of Ore
From the Johnstown Lode
Japanese Losses in First Two
Days Total Nearly a
Thousand.
HAYTIAN MOBS
STONE SYRIANS
SEVENTH SUIT
AGAINST HEINZE
KUROKI'S MEN HURL BACK THE RUSSIAN EAST FLANK AT HAICHENG;
BATTLE FOR POSSESSION OF THE MAIN LIAOYANG ROAD CONTINUES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. . WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1904.
OSCAR K. DAVIS
RETURNS FROM
WAR IN ORIENT
HARTFORD. Conn., Aug. 2.— Eugene
Bos worth, a faro dealer and policy
player and who was known In this
State as "the envelope man," was
found murdered and robbed to-day in
a room in New Britain,' where he had
Just opened a policy shop. The mur
der waa committed in midday in a
room in one of the busiest buildings
of the city. As yet the police have
only the barest clew to the criminal
Weil-Known Sport Slain in Middle of
Day in Busy Section of
City.
GAMBLER IS MURDERED
AND ROBBED IX HIS ROOM
( .The Police Commissioners last night
revoked' the license 'of John Walsh, a
unfori'hack driver, who was convicted
.of ; assaulting William Kent, .a non
union'^ man, on July 30/ In the testi
mony ; Kent said, that Walsh pleaded
wfth 'him -not 'to' prosecute him, say
ing. 4 T was detailed to get you. I had
to do .it." '- This remark was made In
the i presence of Policeman Thomas
Murphy.
' J. Corf ey of the Hackmeh's Union
attempted to explain that "to get"
meant to induce Kent to join the
union.
The watchmen of the Morse police
patrol were charged with interfering
with the beat of Special Policeman W.
M. Bailey. The Commissioners will In
vestigate the charges at the next meet-
Ing. .
Policeman George (Shanghai) Brown
was tried for being oft! his beat. In de
fense he alleged that, he had been out
sharpening Twin Peaks, and brought
the file to prove it. He was warned not
to do it again and fined $100. The Com
missioners said the defense was flshy.
Policeman Ed Marsh paid J1Q for
missing a drill,': 1 "
2
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ '•'*".'
jr Last* Days of Sale p
g. The Final Cleanup Starts This Morning -
' 1 Last* Price Cuts Now 1 I
• To-day marks the beginning: of the end of the most remarkable money-savin? 1^1
event this city has ever known. It is necessary — absolutely imperative — that we
A empty this building of merchandise within the next few days. So to make this sale A
still more attractive to economical folks— to keep our store crowded with busy buy- /yL
ers until the last dollar's worth of stock is gone— we have slashed another big •*&
L shaving off the prices that had already been whittled down to a profitless point.
And from this time on the bargains will be even more extraordinary than those T|
with which we have been electrifying all San Francisco for the past three months. ]l^
Tiny hints of the large savings will be found in the lists below. &&
FURNISHING GOODS DEPARTMENT
25c Boston Garters, while they last 14c 25c "Coon" Cuffs, while they last 5c
D 50c Preiident Suspenders, while they last.... 33c 25c "duett" Collars, while they last I2,«c
$1.00 and 51.25 Shirts, while they last...... 50c J2#c Handkerchiefa, while they last 5c JT^
$2.50 Pongee Shirts, while they last $1.65 $1.25 •'Cooper" Underwear, while it lasts. .89c U
25c Imported Socks, while they last 12Mc 75c Fancy Underwear, while it lasts 45c
50c Four-in-Hand Ties, while they last 25c 50c Stick Pias, while they last 19c
A 25c Black Silk Bows, while they last 12>£c S1.25 Monarch Night Shirts, while they last.. 79c f» V
25c Shield Bows, while they last 8>£c 75c Night Shirts, while they last 59c M 1
25c Midget Ties, while they last 10c $1.25 Golf Shirts, while they last 69c J
35c Suspenders, while they last 19c $3.50 Fancy Vests, while they last $1.95
YHATS AND CAPS TAILORING *W\
$2.00 Soft and Stiff Hats, while they last.. $1.15 $25 and $30 To-Order Suits, while they last $20 H
$3.00 Soft and Stiff Hats, while they last. . $1.95 $35 To-Order Suits, while they last .... $26.25 &
S50c Norfolk Caps, while they last 39c $40 To-Order Suits, while they last $30
$7.50 Panama Hats, while they last $3.95 $6.00 Trousers, while they last $4.50 tf*
$10.00 Panama Hats, while they last $4.95 $8.00 Trousers, while they last $6.00
COME— DONT ADD THIS TO YOUR. LIST OF LOST OPPORTUNITIES V^
1 028- 1 030 MARKET STREET, * ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0 OUR ANNUAL 1
M DINNER. WARE i|
jl' . SALE Jp/j,
C?&. Of French, German and High Grade /[MQ
. mX\ SEMI -PORCELAIN IVm
¦¦ffilr ..DINNER. WARE.. IjM
Yff B New merchandise coming in every day, and we have |r|j^?
*J I to make room for it — that is the reason why we are IHj
I DINNER SETS 1
,1m 1 At greatly reduced pricesT An opportunity to secure \M\
IW very handsome sets and single pieces at remark- \c|\
iB\ a^' y * ow P" ces - ¦ iHl
fur Complete for ' toeml-Por- Da
[HI 12 people; decorated in pink piete for 12 people: in pU£lia?bi?« Kl
HI or * blue floral designs; gold floral denisnts: highly ,srtazed; for- rTl
jjl traced handles.. $25-00 &?[???. .V. 900 :.. $] H
HI Daintily Decorated High-grade, Semi-Porcelain Dinner Set IB]
HI in the always pleasing gray floral design, excellent finish and /Kfl
tyl 103 piece?, complete for i.? people $12. OO /H1H
|fn ? 2 pieces, complete for 6 people 80.50 /«§»
}^\ Soap Tureens, from ... Pickle Dishes 10c pfl
VC\\, 90c to $1.50 Dinner Plates, each lCc kru
\aflX Covered Vegetable Dishes, Soup Plates, each... 10c IKnh
(\W\ each 5Oc Table Bowls, each.. 15c jV&kr/i
\\F^ Platters, for, each 5? Uk Pitchers. 1 5c to 50c /£&/
[ \HgS\ 20c to 75c Teacu P s cnd Saucers, JjpSr/s~^
|^^^. U lShSr l e J !ch eS ! t 2Si Individu^ VegetaWe /AMUS^
\SL^2>0}t\ Salad Bowls, each . . 25c Set of 6 . . '. '. '. ... 30c {fMuj£izy]ffl
Nathan-PohrmaM^
I 122-13^ SUTTER ST. V* NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— A young man
named Ashley, whose home is in Pome
roy, Wash., and Miss Ada Oughtred
of Onondaga, Ottawa, Canada, were
drowned in the surf at Oak Island,
near here,, to-day.
Meet Death in the -Surf.
FRESNO. Aug. 2.— Following the an
nouncement last evening of the failure
of the Raisin Growers* Association the
directors to-day addressed a circular to
the packers announcing a big cut in
prices on the holdover. It ranges from
lc to \VzC. With all the raisins sold
at the new prices the proceeds will not
be sufficient to pay off the Indebted
ness. About $300,000 in growers' notes
will become due to the banks on Sep
tember 15.
There has: been some '.* suggestion of
a heroic effort to save . the association,
but there- Is -nothing to indicate that
any one Is brave enough to essay such
a ta* 1 '
RAISIX GROWERS FACE
A SERIOUS SITUATION-
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— Orders
have been issued by the War Depart
ment revoking the orders of June last
relieving tne Third Battalion, Tenth
Infantry, from duty at the Presidio,
San Francisco, and directing it to take
station at Fort Walla Walla, Wash.,
and also modifying orders issued at the
same time for a change of stations of
the Fourth and Ninth Cavalry so as to
direct the Fourth Cavalry to take the
stations now occupied by the Ninth
Cavalry.
WAR DEPARTMENT CHANGES
DESTINATION OF TROOPS
NEW YORK, Au&r. 2. — Mrs. Ella
Betts of Manhattan , was killed by an
elevator In a Brooklyn department
store yesterday afternoon in full view
of hundreds of shoppers. She was
caught by the floor of the elevator as
it ascended, carried to the ceiling and
thrown against it with terrlflc force
and her limp body fell to the floor.
Woman Meets Awful Death. While
""Shopping In a Department
Store.
CRUSHED BY AX ELEVATOR
IN VIEW OF HUNDREDS
Mrs. Perkins remained in an uncon
scious condition for four hours, and It
was feared for some time that she was
fatally injured. Later, however, she
regained consciousness and physicians
say she will recover. Mrs. Robinson
was severely cut and bruised, but her
Injuries are not considered dangerous.
The street car was thrown from the
track and the automobile waa demol
ished, but none of the other occupants
of either was seriously hurt. Mrs. Per
kins and Mrs. Robinson were buried
beneath the wreckage of the automobile
and were removed with difficulty. They
wer«* placed on another car and taken
to tie Central Hospital.
OMAHA, Aug. 2.— While C. E. Perkins,
chairman of the board of directors of
the Burlington Railroad, and J. D. Rob
inson, a capitalist, both of New York,
and their ¦wives were riding: In an auto
mobile near Miller Park their machine
collided with a suburban car. Mrs. Per
kins waa dangerously Injured and Mrs.
Robinson was severely hurt. Their hus
bands received minor injuries.
Machine Collides With Car and Wives
of Railroad Man and Capitalist
Are Hurt.
AUTOMOBILE RIDE ENDS
DISASTROUSLY FOR WOMEN*
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 2.— Many pack
ing-house strikers applied for their old
positions to-day and most of them were
re-employed. The packers appear to be
daily growing stronger. The managers
of the Armour and Fowler plants say
that they have about the same number
of men at work as when the strike was
declared.
3I«ny Strikers Forsake Union and Sock
Their Old Positions.
PACKERS GAIN STRENGTH.
Evidently the shock caused several
cracks in the walls of the crater, for,
during the night, there were cave-ins
on the east and south sides of the pit.
Walls heretofore of an angle of 50 or
60 degrees are now .perpendicular. The
lava flow and cones are covered by
about fifty or sixty feet of debris. The
hot cracks are much hotter and the
crater itself is perfectly clear, no
steam or sulphur fumes escaping at
all. If this lack of smoke continue
there Is apt to be an explosion and
outbreak shortly according to the old
natives, who profess to know.
HONOLULU, July 27. — On Sunday,
July 17, at 2 p. m. quite a seismic
visitation came to Hilo and vicinity,
waking the inhabitants from their af
ternoon siestas and tumbling pictures
and bric-a-brac in a heedless manner.
The quaking was slow and steady,
vibrating about thirty-three seconds,
with a period in the middle of about
five seconds of genuine jolting. Houses
and trees could be seen'swaying to and
fro and considerable damage was done
to property. The shock was felt at
the volcano house, which was rather
unusual, as most earthquakes that
strike Hilo are barely felt at the vol
cano.
Hilo and Vicinity Visited by an Earth
quake That Damages Con-'
siderable Property.
SEISMIC DISTURBANCE
OPENS CRACKS^ IN LAND
OMAHA, Aug. 2.— A large number
of negroes were taken into the South
Omaha packing-houses to-day to re
place the striking employes. They
came in early in the day and were
not disturbed by the strikers' pickets.
Receipts at the stockyards were
large to-day and packers took every
thing offered. Both the packers and
the strikers claim to be satisfied with
the progress they have made.
NEGROES REPLACE STRIKERS.
Large Number Taken Into the South
Omaha Packing-Houses.
;• 7lNDrA.NAPOLl5. Aug. 2.— Thomas
T^Lgga'rt, thafrman of the Democratic
National Committee, arrived home this
evening and was given a public recep
tion; in Tomlinson Hall by the Democ
racy/of the .city and county. The speak
tTs were Mayor John Holtzman, Tag-
Tra.rt and Charley A, Towne. The recep
tion was. preceded, by a parade from the
Ktajion £o the hall, with 2000 men in
liqe;;-.. •¦ • :
Tajrrart at Minneapolis.
;..-. > TQPEKA; . Kans.. Aug. 2.— What
•veil),; probably bje' the -largest Demo
yJrd^c State convention ever held in
.Kansas .will convene in this city to-
Tnb.rrbw r :\Oyer 700 delegates are here
and- rnore : will" : come to-night. The
.Popujis't .State convention will meet
tb-morrpw and an effort will be made
to nominate a fusion ticket. In case
fusion can vbe effected Judge David M.
Dale of Wichita will be nominated for
Governor. Judge' Dale is a Democrat.
Oth'er State officers will be given to
th<e. ; Populists. ¦' •
Possjbhe: fusion, in kansas.
unions, added to the new employes en
gaged since the strike began, it was
declared, made the total number of
men now at work 15,848. I
NEW YORK. Aug. 2. — Jacob Stu
der. author and authority on ornith
ology, wag found dead to-day in his
office Fifth avenue. .Heart failure
was the cause of death. He was 64
years of age.
Ornithologist Dies Suddenly.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
PRESIDEHT SENDS AGENTS,
ANNOUNCES THE DISCOVERY
OF NEW COUNTERFEIT NOTE
WASHINGTON, ; Aug. 2. — Chief
Wilkie of the United States secret ser
vice announces the discovery of a new
counterfeit $10 bank note. It is on the
National Bank of Commerce of New
York, series 18S2, Bruce, Register; Wy
man, Treasurer. It is a poorly execut
ed photograph.
HONOLULU, Aug. 2. — The Home
Rule Territorial convention to-day
nominated Charles Notley, a half
white, for delegate to Congress. The
platform .adopted demands statehood
for Hawaii, the extension of the Fed
eral land laws to Hawaii, for Federal
control of the leper settlement at Mol-.
okai, county government. Federal sup
port for a free university for Hawali
ans and an appropriation for former
Queen Liliuokalant.
Hawr.Haiis Nominate Half-White for
Congress and Adopt Platform.
HOME RULERS CONVENE.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.— The prelim
inary report of Commissioner of Inter
nal Revenue Yerkes shows the receipts
of the First California District, Collec
tor John C. Lynch, to have been $3,
0G9.594, and those of the Fourth Cali
fornia District, Collector Frank W.
Howbert, $351,315 for the fiscal year
ended June 30 last. The receipts from
Washington were $6SS,696, and Oregon
$226,620.
COMMISSIONER'S REPORT
SHOWS LARGE RECEIPTS
California's Contribution to the In
ternal Revenue Department
Amounts to $3,620,909.
President Roosevelt sent to Lieuten
ant General Miles to-day a telesr^m
expressive of sympathy of himself and
Mrs. Roosevelt in the General's be
reavement. Mrs. Miles was well known
to the President and Mrs. Roosevelt,
who held her in cordial esteem.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— The news
of the death of Mrs. Miles was received
with profound sorrow in military cir
cles, where she was held in high esteem,
and telegrams of condolence were sent
to General Miles from officers now
here.
WEST POINT, Aug. 2.— Mrs. Nelson
A. Miles died here la^t night of heart
disease. She and General Miles had
been visiting their son. Sherman, who
is a student at the military academy.
General Miles was not present at the
time of his wife's death, having gone
out of town yesterday. He returned
to-day. i c . a
Mrs. Miles was 62 years old. She
was the daughter of Judge Charles
Sherman and a niece of the late Sen
ator John Sherman of Ohio and Gen
eral William T. Sherman.
Wife of Genera! Nelson A.
Miles Suddenly Dies
at West Point.
MRS NELSON A. MILES. WHO
DIED WHILE VISITING SON AT
WEST POINT.
RIDES FOR TEN MILES
HANGING BY ONE FOOT
New Jersey Youth Miraculously Es
capes Death by Being Crushed
by Coal Cars.
PLAINFIELD. N. J., Aug. 2. — With
one foot held firmly as If in a vise,
George Hardie, 23 years old, of Eliza
beth, N. J., hung head downward be
tween two coal cars of a train on the
Central Railroad of New Jersey while
it traveled a distance of ten miles. He
was struck repeatedly by projections
rising above the track level, but was
powerless to extricate himself until
the train reached Fanwood station.
He was found there by a brakeman,
his head torn and his chest cut in a
dczen places.
After boarding the train at Eliza
beth Hardie was jolted from hjs seat
and in falling caught his foot in the
coupling, which saved him from being
ground to pieces. He will recover.
REMOVING AX ANCIENT
LANDMARK IN HONOLULU
Oustom-House Built of Coral In Days
of Kamehameha HI Being:
s Torn Down.
HONOLULU. July 27. — Another
landmark of the days of the Hawaiian
monarchy will disappear, as the old
custom-house Is being torn down to
make way for business improvements.
It was built in the period before the
lava rock came to be used as a build
ing material and is constructed of
coral blocks cut from the reef and
carried with great labor by men to the
site. No steam cranes or electric
elevators were in use in the days of
Kamehameha III and every one of the
heavy coral blocks was lifted into
place by human hands, yet so well was
the building constructed that it Is as
good to-day as the day It was built
and has taken much hard labor in its
demolishment.
Special Dispatch to Tb» Call.
SAN JOSE. August 2.— This city has
a thief with a penchant for coffins. In
the past month he has stolen more than
a dozen, valued at about 52500. The
caskets were taken from the ware
house of W. L. Woodrow.
A short time ago a certain casket
was missed from the warehouse and
"Woodrow decided to take in inventory
of his Btock. This revealed the* start
ling discovery that many of the finest
coffins and caskets were missing. Three
of the caskets were of oak and satin
lined, and retailed at $325 each. The
others were valued at more than $100
each. It is believed that the coffins
were carted away at night. They were
in the original boxes and had never
been opened. The warehouse is lo
cated in the heart of the city. There
are stores adjoining the wareroom and
a family lives in the second story of
the building.
"vVoodrow reported the. matter to the
police and for several days Detectives
Pickering and Prindiville have been at
work on the case. As yet they have
been unable to find where the coffins
have been shipped. The San Francisco
police have also been called In on the
case and the records of burials in that
city are being gone over to see whether
the stolen coffins have been used. It is
said that the boxes are numbered, and
through this It is hoped to find a clew.
In this city an effort Is being made
to ascertain the style of coffin used at
the funerals lately held, and the in
timation Is made that a number of
dislnterments may be made If the proof
is strong enough that one of the stolen
caskets were used.*
ASBURT PARK. N. J., Aug. 2.—
Stricken suddenly blind while prom
enading: on the board walk nere, Miss
Bessie Lyndall of Gladwyne, Pa., has
been taken home unable even to dis
tinguish sunlight from darkness. It
is feared that her Ios3 of eyesight Is
permanent. A physician who was con
sulted can give no reason for the sud
den attack. Miss Lyndall has enjoyed
the best of health, both of body and
mind.
Pennsylvania Girl Becomes Blind
While on Board Walk at As
bury Park.
SUDDENLY LOSES SIGHT
AVHILE ENJOYIXG WALK
Fed by melting snows In the high Si
erra, the famous waterfalls of Tosemite
continue to pour over the great cliffs.
Now Is a grand time to visit Tosemite
Valley. Flowers are blooming in the
meadows and birds sing in the pines and
cedars. In the Merced, the Illillouette.
Tenaye Creek, in ten thousand pools in
a thousand streams, the trout He hiding.
You'd better take your fishing pole and
go!
Cost? $28.50 for the round trip, or
$43.00 for seven days of delight. We are
glad to tell you about It and about the
perfect way at 641 Market street, the
office of the Santa Fe. •
The Season Is Late This Year.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
FAIR PROVES ATTIL\CnVE " "
TO PEOPLE FROM WEST
3Iany Callfornians Visit the Exposition
and Realster at the State.
Rulldlnff. :
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 2. — The following
visitors from California have regis-.
ter?d at the California building:
San Francisco— Dr. E. D. Coolay and wlf»,
G. J. E. Furlong, E. lUkert. O. G. Qulld and
wife. U Wetteran. T. W. Winders, li. Herm
sen and wife. J. P. Atkins. E. McConriell. E.
E. Potter, G. W. Brown. G. F. Auherttne. Mrs.
1.. H. Eckhart. r>. Mayer. G. W. Solomon and
wife. F. A. Llnforth, Mrs. C. Beam. P. A.
Converse, W. Speck, L. J. Christopher and
wife. G. W. Tuner. Mrs. J. E. Klefer and
family. C. Breis. Mrs. I* E. Gruber and
daughter. A. Chlsam, T. I>. Holzhansen and
v.lfe. F. W. Buck. J. A. McCullough. N.
Ahrens.
Red Bluff— Miss L. Nevins. M!«s B. J.
Kinned. Mrs. D. J. Nevlns, Mrs; S. Frank.
Miscellaneous — E. E. 'Wett^rar. O. G; Wet
teran. Grass Valley: Mrs. >V. H. Walte and
daughter. Folsom; C. J. Davis. S. W. Dras
covlck. Stockton; F. Grunther. Mrs. F. Ogden,
and family. II. K. Daniels. Bakersfleld; Mrs.
H, Hamon. M. M. Alllron. " Hanford; Captaih.
C. E. Adama and family. Sacramento; -U. S.
Hirtich and *-lfe. J. W. Da.v;v Mrs. M. C.
Arnold, San Jow»; D. Swlvely. Santa Ana; K.
Ij. Kearney. Santa Cruz; C. W. Armes. E.
Tisch. W. P. Milliken and family. Mrs. W. S ;
Schlueter. E. Lelmert, Dr. L. Fatery and -wife.
Miss JI. Tlseh. Oakland: W. Schmidt, A. H.
Cogswell anl wife. Alameda; W. M. Sanger.
K. A. Barron, Berkeley: Mrs. G. A- Threl
fall. Haywards: G. O. Frund. Fresno: T>. W.
Hasson. Buena Park; G. E. Torman. Tehama;
Mrs. W. H. Beaford. Radlands: M. A.. Kaiser.
Treka: Dr. J. C. Balnbrtdjre, Santa Barbara;
R. Harmon, Armona; A. TI. Mann and wlf».
Hollywood; Mrs. J. Hlcklin. Pomona: . C. H.
Fuller. Jackson. W. A. Musruge. Avalon: J.-
M. Davis. Colona: Rev. E. S. Harper. Fern-'
dale; H. Gregory and wffe, Ophir.
SPENT) VACATION AT f AHOE.
It's the Right Place and Earfly
Reached by low Kate?.
Goin* on * vacation? Try Laka Tahoe!
The fishing Is glorious this year and there i»
any amount of inducement to. th« on« cravin*
¦weet mountain air. th» epi.ee of pln« and fir
forests and scenery whose grandeur exhilarates.
The Southern Pacific sells tickets from San
Francisco as follows:
Friday to Tuesday excursion tickets. $10 SO
Ten-day round trip excursion ticket*. .. .$13 30
Thirty-day round trip excursion tickets.. $15 83
Klnety-day round trip excursion tickets'. .$16 50
Thesw rates are good via Truckee and includa
a steamer ride around the lake. Ask any agent
for folder and details, or at the San rraacisco
office. Southern Pacific 61.T Market street- -?•.'¦¦
Surveyins: for Yosemit© Road.
FRESNO. Aug. 2.— The surveyors for
the Huntlngton road to the Yosemite
Valley from Fresno have reached a
point above Crane Valley. This 13 about
half the distance to^Wawona. The sur
vey cannot be completed before the
last of November.
The threatened strike at Kernan's
Theater was ordered delayed until Sep
tember. The prevalent sentiment among
the managers is to refuse the demanded
increase. The manager of Chase's The
ater, the leading vaudeville house, has
set about employing musicians at the
demanded rates, with the proviso that
the Theater Managers' Association as
sents to the advance.
Manager Rapley of the New Nation
al Theater is said to be ready to stand
firm against the demands of the -union.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— Although a
strike of the union orchestra at Ker
nan's Lyceum Theater, the first Wash
ington playhouse to open this season,
was averted yesterday, there promises
to be a strike all along the line on Sep
tember 1. The union musicians demand
an increase from $15 to $18 per week
from theaters which have the usual
evening and two matinee performances,
and from $18 to $20 from those which
have two performances every week day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
For Congressmen— Howard Hatha
way of Snohomish. W. T. Beck of Ferry
and J. J. Anderson of Pierce.
Presidential Electors— Fred Thlel of
Adams. John Trumbull of Clallam. J.
S. Darnell of Cowlitz. S. P. Richardson
of *iason and J. J. Carney of Chehalis.
Judge Maurice Langhorji was made
permanent chairman at the opening
of the evening sepsion.
The platform adopted amohsr many
other things pledges alliance to Par
ker and Davis; declares the paramount
Issue in the campaign in this State
¦"to be whether the people are to reg
ulate the railroads or the railroads are
to regulate the people"; .declares for
a non-partisan railroad commission to
be appointed by the Governor; pledges
the party to pass legislation favored
by the Washington Federation of Labor;
declares for direct primaries and favors
national system of irrigation.
Ex-Senator George Turner was placed
in. nomination for ' Governor .by C. G.
Heifner of King County at H o'clock.
The convention went wild with enthu
siasm. When Mr. Turner's name was
mentioned a huge portrait was unfurled
to view. The delegates Immediately
snatched the county standards and
commenced a march around the hall,
waving flags and handkerchiefs. The
demonstration lasted twelve minutes,
the nomination being finally effected by
a rising vote.
The ticket was completed as follows:
Treasurer, George Mudgett of Spokane:
Auditor. R. L. Purdin of Kittitas: Land
Commissioner, Van R. Pierson of King;
Superintendent of Public Instruction.
W. D. Gerard of King; Secretary of
State. Patrick Hough of Clarke; Su
preme Judge, Alfred Battle of King;
Attorney General, C. H. Neal of Lin
coln.
BELLINGHAM, Wash., Aug. 2.— The
State Democratic Convention assem
bled here this afternoon to nominate
candidates for a complete State ticket.
Temporary organization was effected
without contest. State Senator William
G. Graves of Spokane being made tem
1-orary chairman. A unaip light en
i-uod over the report of the committee
«m order of business, but it was adopt
t d as soo:i as it came from the com
mittee.
' .C-aionel New will have charge of the
Western headquarters, while . Senator
-Scotti -It -Is" said, .-will exercise general
"direction of the work in New York.
'•With the Exception of the speakers 1
bureau " all ; ' departments heretofore
xri'amtained by the Republican' National
,<r<5rnVii'i-tt'e.e^ wfTl -be - abolished and the
x\ ork . : : cpnducted .- under " direction of.
ipA&mrb&u- of '-the-executlve committee.
;-T!ie advisory board of the committee.
:vs'hich. forrner Comptroller of the
Cypf^ncy Charles G-. Dawes of Chicago
*-w : ii.)' ; be'-a'*nember, will be appointed by.
< r h&:rrt;.an Cortelyou next week,
'¦-' iVfier :: :this~ ¦. announcement Cortelyou
'jijfLfor New. York. ¦."•'• .:.".-•
.The chairman, secretary, treasurer
aVvd .'sergeant- at arms of the national
ooTfimittee 'are - also the officers of th^e
f.-x*- ; cuiiv6 committee. •
Director of speakers' bureau. West
erh^.iieVdquarters—James A.. Tawney-,
vilirvnesotai IV ':¦/.¦ I' ;,-<¦*'¦ '
¦¦-: Western headquarters, Chicago^-
Harry.- S. New, Indiana; Frank O.
Iipwd'cnV ¦Iliinois; ft. B. Schneider,
NeKra<ka: David W. Mulvarie: Kansas.
: -'.-. Eastern headquarters. New York —
Charles. F. Brooker. Connecticut; N-
B: 'Scott. West Virginia; Franklin Mur
•i'Hy. New Jersey; William L. Ward,
NewJ-Yorlb . . "'.-.':. /¦¦¦'?..
:; CfilCAG O. Aug. i'. — Chairma n
(ico.rpe B'. Cortelyou of the Republican
National. Committee to-day selected
.the nieii who are to serve on the
fiecutiv^-.<omrnittee during the com
ir.jr'i'arripaigir.. "The committee is di
vide-d "equally between Chicago and
New York, four members being allot
fed ¦ '-to '; ;-e«U.-h headquarters. The . fol-
Ivvdng : are .the' members of the ex
ecutive . committee. As- announced- by
Mr: Cortelyou to-night: - -
VEC1TIVK COM.MITTEE NAMED
S}ifi- TXho Will Assist Corteljron in
¦f Manadnz' Republican Campabm.
.' Ex«-Gqveraor Hogg created a sensa
tion "when he made a speech referring
eneeringiy ¦ to harmony, criticizing
Jiidgt? Parker aiid paying a. tribute to
.President -Roosevelt, lie said that Par
kpr v.-ou!d be elected and that it could
¦.jVtK; be.roM that th*>re had been any
rhahge of' party, in the administration.
/¦¦Ex-Coirsrressman T. H: Ball arraign
ed: : ies-Governor Hogg and was given
•!tud.-app-au5t. holding" a sort of. reee'p-
; tinji'a's- the convention adjourned. After
: a\"i6ng' session ibrnijrht T. S. .Schuyler"
*hd TVV E- Weare decided to withdraw
•from- "the. race for "Att.orney.Oener.il..
This gives the nomination to ¦ Jl. V.
Davidson cl Gal veston. •
. .'HOUSTON. Tex.. Aug. 2.— Little was
*ac'epm.plished by the- Democratic State
jiCpuyeutton aside irom perfecting tem
porary organization and the consider
•atidn 6* credentials by the committee.
The "White Man's Union" delegate
Xroiri Grimes Count? was seated, which
sires the .Congressional nomination in
the Eighth District to John M. Pinck
~hey without further contest. Charles
•S. B*e of San Anumio was made temj
pb'rttry fhalrman and S. P. Cooper of
Beaumont, has been selected lor per
manent chairman. Permanent organ
ization will b2 xjerfected in the morn
*ingi - • '. j • f
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 3.— Isaac Lee
Nicholson, Episcopal Bishop of Milwau
kee, bitterly denounces Bishop Potter
for his action in dedicating the "sub
way tavern" in New York. Bishop
Nicholson says it is something of which
every church will be ashamed and feel
the deepest humiliation. He said: "In
my opinion Bishop Potter's whole con
nection with the affair has been dis
graceful, and I am personally deeply
humiliated over his work. I have no
regard whatever for this particular sa
loon. It is a bad business all the way
through. It is not the first time Bishop
Potter has offended. His attitude on
moral questions is never high."
• :
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Bishop Henry
C. Potter delivered the principal ad
dress to-day nt the formal opening of
"The Subway Tavern," a model saloon,
which was established by a number
of leaders in the reform movement
of the city; The purpose of the pro
moters of the. enterprise Is to serve
pure liquor and food at low prices uq
der the best possible moral conditions.
In his address Bishop Potter said the
keynote had been struck by this at
tack on. the liquor situation. He said
he believed In - the old village tavern
as a meeting place, where a long 1 even-
Ing could be spent without the neces
sity of intoxication.
"I belong to a dozen clubs," he said.
"If I want to go out to a dinner or a
social evening, I can do so in any one
of these clubs. But what of the man
who lives in two rooms with five small
children? He has no club. To get his
glass of beer with his luncheon he
must go to the saloon. This is the
greatest social movement New York
has ever known. \Jt is a movement
every one of- you must take into ac
count If you would save the repub
lic."
Bishop Potter concluded by wishing
every success to the movement.
The formal opening ended by sing-
Ing the Doxology.
• .
Former Executive of; Lone
\. Star State Speaks in a
: Sneering Way of Harmony
Police Are Notified and Dis
interments May Be Neces
sary to Trace the Boxes
Managers of Playhouses Are
Not Inclined to Grant
the Demands of the Men
Speaker. Says the Enterprise
Furnishes Keynote in At
tack Against Intoxication
REFUSAL IS EXPECTED
Democrats of Northwestern
State Make the Kailroads
the Paramount Issue
VALUE OF GOODS $2500
FIGHTS IN COMMITTEE
CKEATES A SENSATION
PLACE SUITS PRELATE
Members of Orchestras . of
the Washington Theaters
Threaten to Go on Strike
Ex-Governor of Texas Criti
. cizes Democratic Leader
and Eulogizes Eoosevelt
Washington Convention Goes
Wild When Former Sena
tor Is Placed in Nomination
San Jose Undertaker Finds
That a Dozen Caskets. Were
* Taken From the Wareroom
Bishop Potter Delivers Ad
dress at Opening of Model
Saloon in New York City
HOGG SCORES
JUDGE PARKER
TURNER NAMED
FOR GOVERNOR
MUSICIANS ASK
HIGHER WAGES
CALLS TAVERN
WORKERS' CLUB
COFFIN THIEF
IS THE LATEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALC, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1904.
PASSES AWAY
WHILE PAYING
VISIT TO SON
3
pptient was out riClnz.
Tte recovery waa so astounding we realised
the facts would be qu- Rtioaed and asked that
they be authenticated. M. L. Wallej-. the lead-
:n* drusg:ist. a thoroaphly trustworthy man
attested the facts himself and also sent us the-
•nfftdavlta of ui\ the parties duly sworn to be-
fore A. P. X*m*r. Notary Public of Cayuxa
County.
But the most pleasing part of the story is
the following note Just received, dated Auburn
July 23. VMH: "You will be pleased to hear
that Mrs. Bel!, who has been t*kln* the com-
pound ever sine* (has taken between 80 and
100 botUes) has successfully passed an examina-
tion /or lite Insurance."
Weosaln proclaim to the world the curabil-
ity of Chromic Brtght'B IMsease and Diabetes
About ST iwcret or all cases are curable
by litt Fulton cvmpounfis. Send for literature
:.nd list of a»ents. Jno. J. Fulton Co 403
Washington etnpet. San Francisco, note ''coa-
ptiundcrs. M \
TVhen to eu^ect Brirhfa Dlnase puffy
ar.fcles or hand?— weakness without visible
cause— kidney trouble after. third month— fre-
cuent urination — emolry urinft— falliu*- vision
<< o» -tii.'n — cce or more of tbesa,
The foHcrwirr facts .warht to profoundly in-
terest -thoaprttful peopl« all over the ¦world :
•In- May. 1S02. Mrs. Lester Bell, a graduate
r.urse from tfc»; SjTacTise, N. Y.. hospital for
¦n-otaen ' and children, lay Gying of Brlght's
Iy'l8e&»e in th? Auburn Hospital. Pulse was 160
— Bhe *u so swollen with firopsy could not set
her bands to her fa.ee — ekln «o tense would
jcreara If touched — albumen was enormous
nearly 80 per cm .by bulk, folldifyins In the-
tubul*. The physicians and aurses looked for
<i-itii nourly.
St* was at that critical moment put on Ful-
ton'* Renal Compound. In 24 hours pulse
£rcppei frjni 1W) to 127 and to the great aston-
ishment of the physicians and nurses she be-
trsn.tc b'rlrhtcn up.
Th« tenth day the urine Jumped to 84 ounces
*nd the dropyv b<>tan to subside. In €0 days
the albumen was induced to 2 p«?r cent and the
In May, 190a, Was Dying of Blight's
. Disease in the Aubum, N. Y M Hos-
pital. In July, 1904, Accepted for
. .Life Insurance. The Fulton Com-
- pound Effected the. Change.
pets Her
Insurance
JNO, J. FX-I7TOX. CO.
. ADVERTISEMENTS. • ' .
ra Dm fil B^^^^w M&\. WvL—^BkF Cj E9 H trv K« trj I'd ¦ Ki \ mm » * J ' El ™ ' ' '' "* jMMM»ilrTTi^r*^**^i* fc *"^*t' *" x
y >--¦¦¦"-- -¦-'¦ " ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '¦ .-.....—¦¦ C^ 3 m"" !"" " " "¦ -'-- ¦» ¦ ¦'— ¦¦ ¦' ¦ ¦ '" ¦ .' " "^S?5k1 S^W
Several Brand New Pianos Reduced in Price More Than $100 "7^
Sale began only last^ronday, and probably more people visited our store yesterday than ever before visited a music store
/ in one day. Dozens of' selections were made. Nothing short of the unbounded faith the people have in us, in our word and m
our pianos, could have stimulated this. Requests are coming in t*y mail and telephone to hold this piano or that P»*no until
to-morrow or next day. We cannot hold any piano in this sale which has not been bona-fidely bought. It would be unfair to
do so If you" cannot call to-day or to-morrow write or phone and leave selection to us. We guarantee to please you. if you will
I need, a piano and have any notion of buying one within the next year, or even two years, you cannot afford to miss this oppor-
1 Um y Upward of a dozen different makes in new pianos to choose from. Many of them are sample instruments sent us from C |°™f^, ! "'
I and they are the results of the besr efforts of their makers; not one of them but has suffered a cut in price of nearly or quite $100 Several new
I pianos are styles dropped from catalog, and still others are pianos we will no.Ionger carry regularly u i stock. W:c guarantee a saving in^pnee of $ g
I to $100 and upward. There ar« probably more than one hundred pianos in this stock, many of them the famous old makes, which have b«en used
I lesf tKan a JS? some but a few months. Not one is reserved. All are plainly marked to go in this clearing out sale at prices 1 S to 30 per cent
|| and even 50 per cent discount.
I Easy Terms to Everybody
H lirilfTnil $350— New piano; sample mrir A IIDrrillll $275— Pretty new ma.- m I QC
U NrWlllN instruments; mahogany Mj V Q U HUrrMAN hogany case: fully war- vl> | O 0
en iibif • wij Ccise ••• • •¦**¦ • innii ranted .^ •
N 1 ' 1 ' '""TT^ta* ¦unnti O llllll 111 $*50— U s e d. nnntirn — Used in studio work m r\ o c
F*^^W^ MASOH & HAMLIN s?i^««s; $285 FISCHER ?!-f«.- Sl . 1 ?:. 1 . lke .°.^: ¦.¦.:: $265
H \ caso nx • l $215 — Plainly designed fT\ 1 f\ r\
A I nvmnn $r.00— American walnut case. (T» I O C \TPinn3llfir walnut case; good con- »K I S (j
1 ;.; :# nYpy^jy used only short while j QQ OlCllllmUDI dU lon V *' " U V/
I C^^38fe'willB&Wli''^'^r«^ $120 BAGKMAN $190
4 jT* ; - i "T-----M3S^ tBrr¥^.... k ' f J;.. J itgT^jj II Mill 00 OU11 dition; walnut case M/ I A. v/ uun "'"'**, S
I JHHHHK : iifeto«sBr^^^ $130 grown "^»t^.^t; $170
I f'' i B!R^»| K0HLER&1hASE|^I= $255 A. B. CHASE^—:.-^ $275
I" c^j ,J - '' 11 1 1 r $250— Medium size; ebony m I C? ET H DDCOUT S4.50— -Mahogany case; <T> O T H I
feWS" *^^i-^^a^^g^ps, LjAI h case; in good repair '03 10 0 ALDnhbH J««t out of shops; big vj) Z I U fi
/^*J_J ,t| Pn onil $250— Absolutely new pi- (h 1 nr DU1OVCDI&3P $375 — Large size; <DO7A P
IVrRMIN » n °: discontinued from vb I O O UlilulVLnlNb ' rosewood case; sood Cj> £. I U 1
I1L.IIUUI1 gtocic • w wiiiwiifciiiiiw value a , R
''^SSi^}' Corner Post and Kearny Streets]
Tou may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, sent absolutely free by- mall, also
a book telling all about Swamp-Root. If
you are already convinced that Swamp-
Root is what you need, you can purchase
the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar slza
bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
Don't make, any mistake, but remember
the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address, Bingham-
ton. N. Y., on every bottle. ' >'
I. C. RICHARDSON.
"Ever since I was in the Army, I had
more or less kidney trouble, and within
the past year it became so severe and
complicated that I suffered everything:
and was much alarm»d — my strength
and power were fast leaving me. I saw
an advertisement of Swamp-Root and
wrote asking for advice. I began the
use of the medicine and noted a decided
Improvement after taking Swamp-Root
only a short time. s ?-".
"I continued Us use and am thankful
to say that I am entirely cured and
strong. In order to be very sure about
this. I had a doctor examine some of my
water to-day and he pronounced It all
right and In splendid condition.
' "I know that your Swamp-Root ts
purely vegetable and does not contain
any harmful drugs. Thanking you for
my complete recovery and recommending
Swamp-Root to all sufferers I am.".
Very truly yours, ,. •.
63 Cottage St. Melrose. Mass.
Dear Sir: Jan. 11th, 1904.
A LETTER TO OUR READERS
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason at. ''Best things to eat and
lOrink at Babs & Jules'. •The end seat '/- is not a lamb, be
cause he sits in church."
INVESTIGATING HILL'S ESTATE.—OAK
LAND/ Aug.* 2.*-Public Administrator Georse
Gray has taken charge of the personal effects
of I Jr. Charles F. Hill, whose body was found
in the 'Piedmont hills with a bullet hole in the
back of his ¦ head. An investigation ts being
made to ascertain whether *br npt there is any
estate upon which to apply for letters of ad
ministration v «, r :. • • - ¦'» *
( OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — Mrs. Lizzie
[McCargar, who has resided in East
j Oakland for sixteen years, died to-day
at her residence, 1128 East Seven
teenth street, at the age of 74 years.
She leaves a family of four daughters.
Louis W. Monroe, formerly, of San
Fran«7CO, died this morning; at 1008
.Pine otreet after a brief illness. He
was 25 years of ace : •
Alameda County Deaths.
•'. OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — The Beklns
Van and Storage Company of San
Francisco has begun an action against
the Bekins Van and Storage Company
of thlscitv to stop its use of the firm
name of the. San Francisco . company.
It is claimed. that the local, concern is
taking the business of the branch of
fice of the San Francisco firm. Dam
ages are asked to the extent of $2300.
Van Men Are at War.
TO. HANDLE SPINELLO CASE.—OAK
LAND. Aug. 2. — Application was made by
Public Administrator George D. Gray for let
ters, on the estate of the late Marris J. Spi
nello. professor of French at the State Uni
versity. • who died from the effects of injuries
received by being struck by a Key routs train
somo weeks ago. The estate consists of a
$3UOO life insurance policy, to go to the widow.
"Water Supply Committee Named.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — The , perma
nent special committee of the City
Council which will represent Oakland
in the work covering investigation of
a joint municipal water supply for the
bay cities has been named, as fol
lows: Councilman G. E. Aitken,
chairman; J. T. Wallace, B. H. Pen
dleton, B. C. Cuvellier and .A. H. El
liott.
OAKLAND, August 2. — After twen
ty-four years of married life, Mrs.
Hannah M. Subra has begun suit for
divorce wants to resume her
maiden name of Norman. The com
plaint was filed with the County Clerk
to-day, in which she charges Moses
Subra with extreme cruelty. They
were married in Michigan in IS 80.
The couple have no children.
Wants Old Xame.
BERKELEY, Aug. 2. — A report Just issued
by the Young Men's Christian Association
shows that the Institution is In a prosperous
state financially and socially. During the, last
year employment wag furnished to every stu
dent who applied for it and many were sup
plied with good positions. The .'association 1 was
largely represented at the .Pacific Coast | Stu
dents' • Conference at Pacific Grove and also
at the State convention at Fresno. The re
ceipts for the year wfcre $3215 and the expendi
tures were^the game, the association having
got through the 'year without contracting debts
Orville Fran. "02, has returned from Oxford
University, after two years of study with the
degree of ¦ 'Master of Civil Law," which wan
conferred on him by Lincoln College. Pratt
will spend the rest of the summer on the
coast and then go to Harvard University to
do some work in the graduate department.
Mervyn J. Samuels, manager of the '05 Bluo
and Gold,' has been elected -manager-of the
Pelican, the humorous paper. Eugene R. Hal
lett. editor of the '05 Blue and Gold, is also
editor of fte Pelican.
Efforts Jrre being made to secure, through
private mean*, the library of the late Profes
sor Marlus Spinello, which . consists bf 7000
volumes. The means are being solicited by a
committee consisting of Professor II. • Morse
Stephens. Professor A. F. Lange, Professor C.
W. Wells. ProfeRsor S. A. Chambers, Clinton
Day, H. P. Wright and T. XV, Koch. . .
UNIVERSITYEVENTS
OAKLAND, Aug. . 2. — John Scott,
who destroyed much of Mrs. E. Lar
sen's wardrobe while she was absent
Sunday night from her house at 419
Sixth street, was discharged in the
Police Court to-day. Scott showed
that he had made restitution and had
also apologized for derogatory state
ments he had made in his anger. and
while under the influence of liquor.
Makes Amends for Vandalism.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — Sheriff John/
N. Bishop has returned from a
month's outing in Siskiyou County
much benefited in health. Judge Ells
worth is also back from hl3 vacation,
which he spent at Castella, and will
take up the work of his department.
Judge B..F. Ogden will leave Saturday
for a hunting trip in the high Siski
yous.
Officials Return From Vacations.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 2. — Permission
has been granted the Oakland Water
Front Company and also the Pacific
Improvement Company to jointly re
pair Webster-street roadway from the
estuary to the carhouse of the Oak
land Transit Company in this city.
The corporations will do the work at
their own expense and plan to ma
cadamize a twenty-foot strip the en
tire length of the roadway. . t
Webster Street Improvement.
• OAKLAND. Aug. 2.— More than
: one-half of the cases against scaven
gers who were arrested for alleged
, violations of the law which prohibits
them from collecting or depositing
garbage in this city will be dismissed
to-morrow in the Police Court. A con
- ference 'between the attorneys for the
scavengers and those representing the
-Pacific Incinerating Company was held
, tr»-day on the subject of relieving the
¦ congestion in the courts which has
ebeen .caused by the garbage cases.
"It was decided that in all cases
; where .the evidence appeared to be in
sufficient from the statements of ar
resting policemen dismissal would be
requested. This will leave for prose
•'cution only such cases as seem to have
: merit in them from the Prosecuting
Attorney's point of view. " x
The cases selected will be pressed
to tr.ial as speedily as possible.
Aitbrnej-s to Ask Dismissal of More
. .-.'".Than One-Ilalf the Clxarzes
V;. : Aealnst Scaveneers.
BERKELEY, Aug. 2. — A burglar
entered the house of Robert H. Wet
more of 2323 Hearst avenue last night
while the family, was sleeping and
ransacked the rooms on the lower floor!
It all availed him nothing, however,
for he got only two bananas and an
apricot for his trouble. A satin piano
cover that he carried out of the house
was found after a search about the
place.
PLEASANTON, Aug. 2.— The homes
of several well "known residents of
Pleasanton were entered last night by
a burglar, among them being the res
idence of Constable L. Locke. In only
one case did the marauder secure any
thing of value. He entered the house
of Fred Elliott and secured $2 50. The
other houses entered were those of F.
E. Adams, A. B. Philpot and H. E.
Hewitt.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — Mrs. H. Kurz,
residing at 404 Twelfth street, has re
ported to the police that a burglar
Btole household effects from the place
last night.
Homes Ransacked In Oakland, Berke
ley and Pleasanton, but Little
. . Is Taken.
BURGLARS ARE AT WORK
IX ALA3IEDA COUNTY
WILL CLEAR CALENDAR
:¦•'.• OF GARBAGE CASES
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — City Council
man B. C. Cuvellier, after twenty-two
years' connection with the importing
house of Jamfs de Fremery & Co. of
San Francisco, has withdrawn from
that firm to take an interest in the
house of A. Vignier & Co. of San Fran
cisco. Cuvellier yesterday was elected
vice president and general manager
of the corporation. Interest in politi
cal circles was aroused by the an
nouncement, as the change in.Cuvel
lier's business may have a bearing on
his action next spring as to candidacy
for renomination.
Cnvellier Miikcs a Change.
i ALAMEDA, Aug. 2. — Before the
money from the next tax levy becomes
available in November the City Trus
tees figure that there will be a deficit
in the municipal funds of ' nearly
$8000 and have therefore decided to
pay nothing but salaries and smaller
bills until the city treasury is replen
ished- Several large bills of the Contra
Costa Water Company have been laia
over for payment.
City Funds Are Short.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — Mrs. W. N.
Benedict, who was said to have eloped
with Rev. Charles W. Hoag, pastor of
the Plymouth-avenue Congregational
Church, has written to her husband
under date of July 28 from Denver.
She says that she is with friends and
that she has not seen Hoag and does
not know where he is. Mrs. Hoag
says that she has received a letter
from her missing husband and that
he is in Los Angeles. .
Mrs. Benedict in Denver.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — A large the
ater party was given at the Liberty
Theater this evening by Alameda Par
lor No. 47, N. S. G. W. f the members
and their friends occupying nearly 800
seats In the center of the house. The
entrance of the theater was hand
somely decorated with "bear" flags.
The members of the Alameda Hospital
Corps attended the party in full uni
form.
The officers of Alameda Parlor who
arranged for the party are: Past
president, E. J. Probst; president,
Charles Rock; vice president, A. T.
Sousa; second vice president, W. M.
Walkup" Jr.; third vice president, S.
Hyams; marshal;, Herman Bolte, re
cording secretary; A. V. Fishr; finan
cial. secretary, C. T. Rose; treasurer,
Louis Fischer; trustee, H. M. Pond.
Members of Alameda Parlor and Their
Friends Visit the Liberty
Playhouse.
NATIVE SONS GIVE
LARGE THEATER PARTY
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Carl L. Carl
son! over 21, and Ina R. Cutler, over
18, both of Alameda; Wallace Alexan
der, 39, and Mary F. "Winn, 25, both
of San Francisco; Harry B. Chick,
over 21, and Effle C. Reid, over 18,
both of San Francisco; Charles A.
Miller, over 21, Coalinga, and Sarah
F. Woodruff, over 18, Oakland; Peter
J. Connolly, 24, San Francisco, and
Estelle A. Marsh, 19, Monterey.
Marriage Licenses.
Mrs. Hattle Tabor and her daughter. Miss
Alice Tabor, arrived home yesterday from
Honolulu, where they were the guests of rela
tives for several months. They came up from
the Islands on the nailing: vessel W. H Marston
and were thirty-eight days in making the voy
e^e. '
John Herrwood Clover. *on of Mr. and Mrs
Qeorec ' M. ¦ Clover I of ! 152S Alameda avenue!
took as hiw bride yesterday Miss Ethel Putnam
the marriage being celebrated in San Jose*
Among the wedding uruests were- Mr. and Mrs!
G. M. Clover, Emory V. Clover. MIws Clarice
Clover, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Greeley, Miss Verna
Grceley, Mia* Roberts and Miss Lola Hinckel
all of this city; Mr. and Mrs. Emerson and
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Clover of San Francisco-
Louis Fpaulding and Miss Lena Tiach of Oak
land: Mrs. F. C. 'LanK, Miss Mario Means and
George Cummerford of Indianapolis; Miss
Ksther Clover, Fred Thbmao arid Mise Ward • •
Miss I»u!s« Brampton of the local Bchool
department has returned from a vacation at
fc-iefcler's b'ptlrra.
g Stephen V. Costerio or San Francisco was the
guest yesterday of Mr. and -Mrs. A. J. Torres
t>f 21C5 Fan Jose avenue. » - ••
ALAMEDA. Aug. 2.— Colonel and Mrs. A.
C. Glrard received at their home at ihe corner
of Ban Jose avenue* and Grand street Monday
evening in honor of the sixty-third Bnniversary
of the -birthday of the former. More than
one hundre* friends of Colonel Glrard and his
wife were present, among whom were Mrs
Frederick Echwatka and Miss Frederlca
Schwatka, Mr. and Mre. Carpcntier, Mrs.
IJourn. the Mlssca Carpentler Mrs. • T J
O'Connor, Miss Belle O'Connor, Mins BeVsie
O'Connor. Mr. and Mrs. Percy O'Brien. Miss
Louise Maguire, Mr. and Mrs; Harwood Mor
gan. Miss Morgan, Miss Edna Montgomery
Edward Montgomery, Mrs. E. A. Koerper Mrs
C. B. Warraad.
ProfesFor and Mrs. Albin Putzker received
the students in Professor Putzker's claes in
German literature at the university last Friday
evening at their home at iltJOO Telegraph ave
nue. The guest9 were entertained during the
evening by Mrs. A. L. Wycoff and Miss Lucy
Blackman, who eang and played.
BERKELEY, Aug. 2. — Announcement Is
made of the engagement of Morris C Jame?,
principal of the Berkeley High School, and Miss
Juliet II. Lombard, a teacher In the Le Conte
Grammar School, the Interesting news having
been given out to-day at an Informal gather-
ing of teachers in the assembly-room at the
high school. No time has been set for the
weddinp, though it is understood that it will
take place Boon. Mr. James has been connect
ed with the high school several years, first as
Instructor in Greek and Latin and then as
principal. Mis* Lombard If- a daughter of Mrs.
S. W. Lombard of 11U3 Haste street.
Deputy City Treasurer W. H. J. Matthews
has returned from a trip through Lake County
and is aealn at work.
Ucyd Cathny. Lawrence Cadogan, Edward
Bray and E. C. Sessions Jr. have returned from
EUue Lakee.
Mrs. J. A. Folgrer has returned from a visit
to her son, Athearn Folger, at San Mateo.
Julius T. Prince and wife have returned
from a three weeks' outing at Cloverdale, So
noma County.
Mre. George Humphrey will give a reception
to-morrow In honor of Mrs. Asa Mendenhall,
formerly Miss Florence Hatch. Mrs. Humphrey
was matron of honor at Mra. Mendenhall' s re
cent weddir;.
Mrs. A. F. Trahan, son and daughter, ac
companied by Carl Will, have returned from
their vacation. They were gueFts of Mrs. C.
W. l>>r.£ of Truckee and visited Lake Tahoe.
O. B. Caldwell and his wife have Just re
turned from their summer home at Mesa
Grande on the Russian River. Mn. Caldweli
will be at home on the first Monday of tach
month. '
The Rev. Thomas Boyer, pastor of the First
Christian Church of this city, who has been
attending the convention of Christian churches
at Kanta Cruz, ha« just returned home, accom
panied by his wife and E. A. Hugrill. Ilev.
Mr. Boyer delivered the closing address of the
convention.
Charles E. Snook, attorney for the regents
of the State University, has returned from a
trip to the Yosemlte Valley.
Mrs. Charles Click of Marshalltown, Iowa,
1b In Oakland on a visit to her cousin, Mrs. J.
E. Whlnnery, who resides at 4o6 Tblrty-aeventh
street.
OAKLAND, Auff. 2.— Rev. William Carson
Fhaw, rector of the Church of the Advent In
East Oakland, has returned from his vaca
tion.
'_.;OakIai}d Transit Files Blanket Appli
•--..cation Co'verius Portions of Streets
:•. .'. f:.*Xo Lonarcr Used for Service.
."'¦ OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— In a blanket
'.ajiplic'a'tion for abandonment of fran
,'ch-i'ses.; the Oakland Transit Consoli
/."dated .asks the City Council to relieve
¦'it .'of a- Tot of privileges that have be
¦ corY*. useless ' under the company's
".. pr'e'seht scheme of streetcar service.
.'; : ;'lnvluded in its petition are fran
.'.chises • covering portions of Second,
. ywrriSon, Alice, Madison, Eleventh.
/East. . E-levrrith, East Tenth. East
• >T\yeirth- and First streets and Sixth
',iVijq' Kighth avenues.
'. : The company long ago abandoned
X:uy service on most of these thorough
: ; fares. Some of the franchises were
•¦assigned -to the consolidated corpora
tion fn the- process of absorption of
. the former independent lines.
- The longest single stretch of road
'included in the application for aban
•dcr.mfenfis'the "Eleventh-street line,"
•whjch formerly was operated along
¦Twelfth street, from Broadway to
: Harrison, to Eleventh, to East
• Eleventh, to Eighth avenue to East
Twelfth street, to Thirteenth avenue.
.-This line has been eliminated 4n the
working out of a new system of ser
vice for East Oakland.
• ' Work has begun to connect the new
'.Fourth avenue Key route line at East
Eighteenth street with the East Oak
. l*»nd route along the latter thorough
fare..^.
ASKS LEAVE TO ABANDON'
•; ¦••¦' •¦'. CAR LIXE FRANCHISES
GUTING DAYS END
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— The commit
tee appointed by the Merchants' Ex
change to confer with the officials or
the Southern Pacific Company regard
ing the inauguration of an all-night
ferry service , between Oakland and
San Francisco reported at the meeting
of the directors of the exchange this
evening that they' had been unable
to see the proper officials up to the
present time, although they had made
two visits to the headquarters of the
company for the purpose.
Committee Makes Report.
Sacramento Parent Asks the Oakland
Police Department to Be on Look
out for Eloping Pair.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — N. H. Shaver,
residing at 1623 H street, Sacramento,
has asked the Oakland police to help
In a search for his daughter, Edith
Shaver.
Miss Shaver, according to her
father, has eloped from the capital
city with a man whose identity was
not disclosed by the father to the po
lice..
Shaver thinks his runaway daugh
ter and her companion are in hiding
either in Oakland or in San Francisco.
SAYS DAUGHTER RAN'
AWAY WITH A MAX
This is the only * unincorporated
town in the county that is lit by elec
tricity. Those who contributed to the
contract are W. D. Sanborn. W. A.
Leggett, C. A. Daehn, E. B. Freese, J.
H. Wharff, Theodore Schoefer, Her
man Goelich, T. E. Hooper, W. K.
Garrettson, Mrs. G. B. Starr, J. A.
Kane, W. B. Malick, Charles Critch
low, W. C. Galbraith, E. Hoffman, M.
Knauer, R. B. Myers, H. E. Sebolt,
Henry Hansen, G. A. Fricke, P.
Brown, D. Ervin, H. O. Olsen, W.
Mosttler, C. S. Alvord and W. A. Re
nier.
\V. D. Sanborn, general agent of the
Burlington Railroad system in San
Francisco, took the matter in hand
and interested a number of public
spirited residents. They made an
agreement with the Suburban Electric
Company, which had its wires near
Elmhurst, with the result that to
night, for the first time, a portion ofl
the town is as well lighted as its
neighbor, San Leandro.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — The citizens of
the thriving suburban town of Elm
hurst have taken the matter of street
lighting into their own hands and. the
beginning of an electric system was
put into operation to-night. Elmhurst
has arrived at the dignity of a town,
though it is not incorporated, and for
this reason there is no system of mun
icipal lighting. The population war
rants an electric system, but there is
no way that this could be acquired ex
cept by the work of individual citi
zens.
Citizens Tnke the Matter in Hand
with Higldy Beneficial
Results.
STREETS OF El^M HURST
LIGHTED ' BY ELECTRICITY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Aug. 2.— John
C. Hoagland of McKittrick was shot
by Beverly English and Instantly killed
last* night at 10:30 in a camp near the
beach at Cayucos. Although an in
quest was held to-day no explanation
of the affair could be obtained, there
being no eye witnesses to the shooting.
English had lived with the Hoagland
family for the past three years. The
party arrived at Cayucos about i
o'clock yesterday afternoon from Mo-
Kittrick and pitched their tent among
other campers.
As near as can be learned, after
spending the evening together in the
Cayucos saloons the two men went to
their camp and quarreled. English
shot Hoagland twice with a 22-caliber
rifle.
Mrs. Hoagland heard the men quar
reling: when they arrived and heard her
husband order English out of the camp.
The shots quickly followed, but in the
darkness little could be seen. English
gave himself up as soon as he could
find an officer. After the inquest he
was brought to San Luis Obispo and
lodged in Jail.
The Jury, after listening to the testi
mony of eleven campers, found a ver
dict of death from gunshot wounds.
Mrs. Hoagland has several children
with her and has come to San Luis
Obispo with her camp outfit. English
is a young man and a brother of Un
dertaker Robert English of Arroyo
Grande. Hoagland was an old man,
while his wife is quite young.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Mameda Counts
TUESDAY. AUGUST 2.
R. A. and Florence E. Uerry to Clarence M
Hardy, lot l.J and N half of lot 14. block -B,
map So. '2. ISateman Tract. Berkeley trecorded
August 1. 1WM); $10.
rierena A. Dowlinjr (single) to William Munn.
lot on S iine of Sherman avenue. 95« E of
Talegraph. E C4.K7. S Iir..,J7 W 64.51. M 117,
lot 21 and E 4 feet at lot 26. map subdivision
Mosswootl Tract, Oakland; $10.
J. S. and Clara Myers to Melanie Reeb
(widow), lot on S line of Twelfth street. IjXJ.-MI
W of Market. W 2T»:10. S 113:2. E 25, N 1W:1O
blwk Q. Oakland Central Homestead. Oak
land; $10.
Wellington Jr. and Leonie Greirs to P. - D.
and Carrie L. O" Brien. lot on SE corner of
Seventh and Chestnut streets. E 25 by 9 8U, '
block K4G. Oakland; J10.
William and Err.ma Thompson to Frank. J.
and Annie C. ilnnahan, lot on W line of Pin»
street, SI N of Taylor. N 27 by XV 93, portion
lota 4." and 4rt, plat of subdivision- of block
402. Oakland Point. Oakland: $1(>.
D. R. and Mary A. McN'elll to Genevra E.
Bopga (single), lot 25. Idora Park Tract. Oak
land: $10.
Giovanni and Matilda Gotelli to Pietra
Leonardinl. lots 2t> and 27 map Glascock and
Blow Tract., Oakland; $10.
Henry A. and Mabel L. Dodsa to Sophia and
Leopold Frauneder. lot 21. Piedmont Tract.
Oakland Township; $10.
Gforse and Carrie R. Sterling to the Realty
Syndicate (a corporation*, lot on W line, of
Adeline street at intersection with S line of lot
1. X 05. W 135. M 23. W 150. S 127.15. E 2^S
to beginning, portion lot 1. map H. C. Dohr's
Homestead. Emeryville. Oakland Township (ex
eepting email portion in SE corner, which con
stitutes portion 30-foot right of way of Can
fornla and Nevada Railroad Company); $10.
Same to same, same proj>erty as described
in twenty-fifth deed of transfers 4127. August
2. 1904, Rice to Sterling. Oakland Township ;
Edith M. and Joseph Pirns Jr. to Henry C.
McCabe, lot on K line of Wellington (now
Deakln) street. 150 N of Ashby avenue Jf
50 by E 1.15. lot 4. block C. Suburban Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Mary A. Mler (widow) to Charles W. Mler.'
lot on NW corner of Sixth and Fallen streets.
N 23 by W 10O, lot 20, block 133. Dillon prop
erty. Oakland; $10.
Kcssuth Gor e to Thomas and William H.
O' I'rien, rerecord 007 D 50. lot on E line of
McCall street. 11S:'5 X or Martposa or Fifty
ninth. N 200 by E 107. lots 27 to 31, map
rcsubdiv'.sion block A, Brumagim Tract. Oak
land; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Harlow P. Ban
croft, lot 15 and S 15 feet of lot 14, block D.
Alpine Tract. Oakland; $10.
Same to Alexander S. Fray, lot 7. block C.
Sather Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
John C. and Mary F. Lynch to Jonas I.
Bowers, lot on N line of K^rkeley way. 223
W of Grove (Sherman) street. W 75 by N
125, portion range 2. Hardy Tract. Berkeley;
Lillie Winters (sln«Ie> to Annie Jacpbson,
(widow), iota 1. 2. 5. \ o to 12, II. 20 and 22,
¦VVInfleld place. Berkeley ¦ $10
SEATTLE WILL SEEK
TRADE TO THE ORIENT
Northern Companies Will Profit by
Recent Action of Their South
ern Competitors.
SEATTLE, Aug. 2. — In view of the
action of the San Francisco and Port
land steamship companies in deciding
not to carry cargoes destined for ports
in the war zone of the Orient, the Bos
ton Steamship Company and the Nip
pon Yusen Kaisha of Seattle are pre
paring to increase their fleets in order
to handle the increased export and
import trade which they believe will
be deflected to this port. The Boston
Steamship Company has made offers
for two extra boats and states that
In case the trade demands it they will
secure others. Officials of both com
panies give it as, their belief that the
business of Puget Sound will greatly
increase through the action of the
southern companies.
TELEPHONE SET! VICE IN
VALLEY IS LMPKOVED
Fresno Is Made Center of Xew Di
vision, AYhlch Embraces Stock
ton. Visalia and Bakersfield.
FRESNO, Aug. 2. — The expansion
in two years of the telephone system
in the San Joaquin Valley has . sug
gested a new division, with Fresno a3
headquarters. It is announced that
J. W. Tilkyson of San Jose, nh»'ha3
been district manager there, has been
appointed division superintendent.! J.
P. Moble will continue in charpre of the
Fresno district as manager. The new
division includes the four districts off
Fiesno, Stockton, Visalia and Bakers
field. Heretofore the valley has been
included in the division with the coun
try south of Tehachapi.
PAYS TEN GUINEAS WEEKLY
. TO MEET THE NOBILITY
American, in Open Letter, Tells How
English Dowatcer Countess Charges
for Entertainment.
LONDON, Aug-. 2. — The Daily Mail
publishes an amusing letter . signed
"American Visitor," relating how,
through an advertisement in a Lon
don newspaper, for the sum of ten
guineas weekly the writer Is being en
tertained by a Dowager Countess for
the Goodwood and Cowes seasons. The
arrangement includes introductions to
titled people on condition . that- the
writer avoids American clothes and
American accents. He says he has
numerous similar offers from titled
people in response to his advertise
ment.
The Daily Mail says it possesses
documentary evidence of the genuine
ness of the statements.
SOLANO COUNTY ADOPTS ' .
THE VOTING 3IACHTXE
Board of Supervisors Contracts for
Twenty-Nine Devices of the
Standard Type. • '..
SUISTJNV Aug. 2. — At its 'regular
monthly meeting the Board of Super
visors contracted for twenty-nine
Standard voting machines for use
throughout the county at a cost off
$650 each. The machines are to be
delivered on or before October 1 and
are to be used at the coming general
election. There are now forty voting
precincts in the county, but this num
ber will be reduced to twenty-nine to
conform with the number of machines.
Ranch Foreman Cuts His Throat.
SUISUN, Aug. 2. — While crazed
from a drunken debauch John Coyell,
foreman of the Captain Boynton
ranch, yesterday cut his throat with a
razor. Coveli is now in the County
Hospital. He haa a fair chance off
recovery.
Bandits Shoot Chinese Farmer.
STOCKTON, Aug. 2. — Louis How, a
Chinese potato raiser, was held up by
a masked highwayman about 3 o'clock
this morning on the French Camp
read as he was on his way to Stockton
with a load of potatoes. He resisted
and was shot In the face. He will
probably recover. Ah Mby. another
potato farmer, came by a little later
and was held up and robbed of %2 50.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 2. — Captain Frank
Dunn,' one of the foremost farmers, off
this valley, died suddenly last night at
his residence near Lawrence "of apo
plexy-.
Prominent Farmer Dies.
j TO APPEAL HAMILTON" CASE.—OAK
LAND, Aug. 2. — Notice of appeal has been
given in the case of Elizabeth H. Hamilton
vs. W. T. Hamilton as principal and Louis
Gottshall and W. M. Kent as his sureties. A
decision was given for the plaintiff, which
Kent is now contesting. The case haa been
In the courts for years and the claim of Eliza
beth Hamilton against her guardian has
grown from $280 until the accumulation of
Interest and and principal amount to $S25 68.
HOTEL. COMMITTEE WILL MEET.—OAK
LAND, Aug. 2. — A meeting of the executive
committee on Oakland's new tourist hotel will
be held to-morrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock in
the directors' room of the California Bank.
Chairman C. H. King will submit a report of
the work already accomplished, and it la ex
pected that the committee will consider the
proposition to Incorporate.
WTLDEIVS SON* SUFFERS ACUTELY.^
BERKELEY. Aug. 2.— Milton "Wilder, a eon
of J C. Wilder, superintend«nt of the coast
division of the Southern Pacific Company, Its
lying dangerously 111 at the home of hl«
parents having been attacked by muscular
rheumatism and pneumonia. The youth is a
student at the Berkeley High School and a
member of. the Theta Chi fraternity. ;
There is no way to save men except
by suffering with them.
EXTINGUISHER EXPLODES
AND KILLS A FIROfAX
Member of Truck Company Meets
Death While Handling Patent
Device.
JERSEY CITY, N. J.. Aug. *;—
Jeseph Campbell, a member of . the
company attached to No. 3 fire truck.
was killed last night by the explosion
of a fire extinguisher which he had
taken off the truck to use at a fire.
It is supposed that in taking the
extinguisher from the truck he shoved
together the acid and carbonater of
soda it contained and thus produced
combustion, the force of which blew
out the bottom of the cylinder. ¦>
SANTIAGO DE CHILI. Auff- 2— The Unit*
States cruiser Tacoma, which is searching fcr
the mlssinr American merchant vessel Con*,
tnaush, has arrived at Coquimbo, Chila.
There are contests in only three of
the four Assembly districts. In the
Forty-sixth District E. K. Strowbridge
of Haywards has no opposition. Oppo
sition to P. M. Walsh, incumbent in the
Forty-eighth District, has been stilled
and he has the field to himself. J. A.
Bliss will probably succeed himself in
.the Fiftieth, though a local Super
visorial fight cuts in at this point. W.
H. Waste will go back in the Fifty
second District. In the Forty-seventh
District in Alameda, R. B. Tappan is
making a fight against J. Clem Bates,
the present Representative. The pre
diction in. that city is generally of
Simpson for Senator and Bates for the
Assembly, as against Taylor for Sena
tor and Tappan for the Assembly. In
.the Forty-ninth District there is a de
cided fight on between J. J. Burke and
Morris Flynn. It Is understood that J.
W. Mott, present Representative, will
not again be a candidate. . In the Fifty
first District R. H. E. Espey and C. G.
Dodge are candidates.
. . There is only one fight jn the Super
visorial field. C. F. Hof ner will be re
nominated from the Fifth District and
H. D. Rowe from the Fourth District.
In the Fifth District there Is a fight
between John Mitchell, George E. Ran
dolph and George Fitzgerald. Mitchell
has most of the leaders of his district
behind him and the Indications are that
if Fitzgerald runs it will be with the
Union Labor nomination, which he can
have for the asking, leaving the fight
for the Republican nomination between
Randolph and Mitchell. ? •
An enthusiastic meeting of the Sec
ond Ward Republican Club was held
at Milton Hall to-night to* indorse the
renomlnation of Supervisor John
Mitchell. The club, 200 strong, received
his name with cheers and voted unan
imously to work and vote, for his nom
ination and re-election to office. His
candidacy was given hearty support
by Attorney C. E. Snook, Councilman
Elliott, Police Judge Mortimer Smith
and others and upon primary day every
member of the club will use all his in
fluence with friends to gain their sup
port of Mitchell's candidacy.
BERKELEY, Aug. 2.— The South
Berkeley Republican Club held a meet
ing last night in Lorin Hall and list
ened to impromptu speeches. Dr. W.
M. Rowley acted as chairman. A com
mittee consisting of R. C. Staats. R. A.
Nickel and Thomas Stevenson was ap
pointed to arrange with the Berkeley
Republican Club for delegates to the
County Convention. A special meeting:
of the club' will be held next Monday
evening.
The campaign in Alameda County is
moving apace as the time for the pri
maries approaches. Local political
clubs are being organized and old ones
revived; candidates are announcing:
themselves, and there are many indi
cations of approaching political strug
gles.'
Not many officers will be balloted for
this year in Alameda County, rhe leg
islative ticket and three . Supervisors
constitute the county ticket this year.
While there is great interest in the
State at large in the United States Sen
atorial question this subject Is the least
referred to in Alameda County affairs.
The Senatorial question apparently
has little to do with the very few con
tests for Republican legislative nomi
nations, in every case the contests be
ing of a purely local character. i
Three Senators will be nominated,
one for the unexpired term of J. R.
Knowland. who will be the nominee for
Congress to succeed Victor H. Metcalf.
In the Thirteenth District J. G. Mat
tos Jr., at present an Assemblyman, has
no opposition. In the Fourteenth Dis
trict W. M. Simpson is pitted against
former Senator E. K. Taylor for suc
cessor to Mr. Knowland. This contest
is a local one between two factions of
the party. In the Fifteenth District G.
R. Lukens will undoubtedly succeed
himself, though there has been some
talk of an opposition candidate who has
not yet materialized.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 2
"W. S. Melick, secretary of the State
Board of Examiners, has begun an ex
pert examination of the accounts of
various philanthropic institutions in
this neighborhood which are recipients
of State aid. This work inaugurates
a semi-annual inspection of all such
institutions in the State. >
Secretary Melick shows that 8530
orphan children are partly supported
by the State, which makes an annual
appropriation of 5512,000 for the pur
pose. -In Oakland and its environs
there are five orphan asylums or chil
dren's homes that receive State aid.
The amounts disbursed to these In
stitutions are as follows: Fred Finch
Orphanage, $11,000; Beulah Orphanage,
$2000; Golden Gate Orphanage, $2000;
Ladies' Relief Society Home,' $5500;
West Oakland Home, $5600.
These inspections will be carried on
as a check upon impositions which
Melick says are practiced by parents
on the homes. He declares that many
half-orphans are sent to the asylums
when either a father or a mother -is
amply able to support them.
Melick announced that of the school
bonds recently sold by Oakland the
State Board of Examiners had
purchased $320,000 worth at par, using
State school land funds to pay for the
securities.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 2.
Division No. 53 of the Order of Rail
road Telegraphers, which is the division
of that order covering the lines' of the
Southern Pacific Company, has followed
the recent moves of President Harri
man in consolidating his railroad in
terests, and hereafter Division No. 53
will include all of the Harriman lines
west of Green River, Wyo., New Or
leans, La., and south of Portland, Or.
An order has just been issued by Grand
President H. B. Perham of the Order
of " Railroad Telegraphers from his
headquarters at St. Louis notifying W.
K. Davidson of this city that from Aug
ust 1 his jurisdiction as chairman of
Division No. 53 would include not only
the old Southern and Central Pacific
lines, but also the Oregon Short Line,
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company and that portion of the Union
Pacific between Ogden, Salt Lake and
as far east as Green River. This makes
Division No. 53 the largest in the
United States, both in point of mileage
and membership.
This change in the jurisdiction was
made in order to facilitate Davidson's
handling of the work of the order.
When Harriman divided his railroads
into a number of sections under gen
eral managers he changed the old junc
tion points that bad existed for so
many years. At Salt Lake City W. H.
Bancroft was given charge of the old
Central Pacific Railroad from Sparks,
New, to Ogden, and of the Union Pa
cific Railroad from Ogden to Green
River, and also of the Oregon Short
Line, while to E. E. Calvin at Portland
was given the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company in addition to his
lines of the Southern Pacific Company
in Oregon. Perham decided that the
work of Davidson upon this coast was
so satisfactory and his relations with
the official of the company were so
cordial that he would add this new ter
ritory to his jurisdiction, which may in
time extend over the entire Union Pa
cific system.
The headquarters of Division No. 53
is in this city, with Mr. Davidson as
the head and D. W. Koppikus as the
secretary. The divisions of the order
that formerly existed upon the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company's
lines and upon the Oregon Short Line
have been discontinued. The new divi
sion has over 2000 members.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
101C Broadway, Aug. 2.
The fire broke out early this morn
ing. There were ?only two people in
the house, / and they easily escaped
with their effects. As the fire alarm
system is not working in that section
yet, it was a long time before the fire
department could be summoned. Even
when the apparatus did arrive it was
useless, because the hose was not long
enough to reach the fire from the first
hydrant. All the firemen could do
was to let the building burn down.
Hugh McCall conducted the hotel.
The damage will be about $5000. There
is almost, enough insurance to cover it.
. The Bath Beach Hotel, a familiar
landmark in West Berkeley, blazed Its
way to a glorious death by fire last
night, and all the pioneers of the dis
trict saw the withered old frame ex
pire in the flames. It used to be the
San Pablo schoolhouse in the long
ago, and the people who knew it then
were sorry to see it fall a victim to
fire after serving its country so many
years.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Aug. 2.
No. .53 Now the Largest
in Membership and Mile
age in the United States
Blot Out the Life of a
Withered Frame That Was
Long Ago a Schoolhouse
'¦'.Thj*r.e is some little doubt as to
whether ;Alameda County comes under
the : Carrie, class as Fresno County, for
wiitch -the recent Supreme Court de
¦«.{pioTi-A^as rendered, .and there is talk
Ht-jta VJn'g- jUw matter into the courts
here and getting a diract decision for
jjiis'-'tnunty. . <\>nstaD!ee Iloderick of
'\yashir.s*orr • Township. Ramage of
liM«?-p"'arid Locke of Pleasanton have
Interviewed'. District Attorney Allei^
"an<i--<LV->u.ni > y- Auditor Baoon. and it is
Ijk^Vy" th^at mandamus proceedings will
¦1be.fcfstit'yted;apainst the latter to com
t^l -¦him., to pay the salaries in the
4&t$til^Kay«/* This would immediately
.'bring' t"he issue before a local Judge.
./C'ohttabie II. A- Cramer. of Brooklyn
Township- : has. appointed L. B. Van
licr'Orift and A. S. yuadros as depu
;*««&;¦ Constable Joseph Olynipia of San
i;oan<iro - has appointed Manuel JJorge
a; ijojiuty "par Eden Township; "Consia
bfe 11. T. "llernrBtead has appointed H.
;ilniairuel a deputy for Oakland Town
*htjV Constable Tom Carroll has ap
.'¦jtoin'tVi.' J. 'H. Herald a deputy for
Brooklyn: Township; Constable Morris
iiane ¦ has ..' appointed Henry Happ a
depHjiytor Oakland Township.
:. The'. arrest of tramps is one of the
lijost lucrative .sources of revenue at
th^ oVjicTnand of the officials. Such a
c^cdo'n./vvHJ be thrown about each town
and- harrilet. '.as almost to preclude the
•j>psf<ib{]ilv' of a man with blankets
jiafcSiufr.'throug'h' the country without
TalKnz into the hands, again and again,
ol'. some. * >f these officials. When per
:syhs.Arrested, have served their sen
it<*&c.^-ihVy will be passed along to the
.•VUFreeTs" of -the next township.
Six deputy constables were appointed
io-divy.as a cUreet consequence of are
:tui-n i>-> tft<?-oMfc<? system under which
tuht-tahJeB ..and justices of the pea^e
*re;. riiu' far services rendtred. From
> : flat month iy * salary the constables
.have' suddenly been thrown upon their
yai> .ingenuity in order to make their
; l>iJiBl lions' • return ¦ them a living, and
xh^y.. are no\v- preparing to make these
j:ii>t : vfe-. as' profitable as possible. Depu
ties-are-to.be stationed alonjr the rail
'ruini tracks and " the . highway that
Lrar.ips -frequent. K\ ery arrest means
rpii.eage.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
> ' 10]6 liroadway, Aup. 2.
vrijl IV /Impossible for a
; Man Carrying Blankets
(olio Through the County
Murderer Had Lived at Home
of Victim and No Cause
for the Crime Is Apparent
Meetings Are Being Held
and Candidates Are De
claring Their Ambitions
CONTESTS ARE LOCAL
FLAMES ARE SEEN AFAR
NO WITNESSES TO ACT
FRAUD IS PRACTICED
. «
Official Declares Parents
Impose on Institutions
That Care for Children
Aim 10 BE ARRESTED
FOLLOWING HAKKDIAX
Constables Prepare to Fill
the Jails as a Means
•of Earning a Living
Secretary of Board of Ex
aminers Checks Up the
State - Aided Orphanages
Campaign Begins With, a
Very Few Fights in the
Eanks of Republicans
Beverly English Slays John
C. Hoagland After a Quar
rel on Beach at Cayucos
Bath Beach Hotel, After
Long- Career in Berkeley,
Is Destroyed by Fire
Local Division of Order
of Railroad Telegraphers
Absorbs More Territory
JURISDICTION
IS INCREASED
SOME POLITICS
FROM ALAMEDA
WOULD SOLVE
TRAMP PROBLEM
MELICK LOOKS
AT THE BOOKS
TRAGEDY ENDS
CAMPING TRIP
LANDMARK GOES
UP IN SMOKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMED A
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
flFfe 13*. fsw H Pg »,, Every mother feels a
Jb*Bf of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use." Those who use this, remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions axe
overcome, the 6ystem is made ready for the coming event, and tho
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's RH/fvQ&x /T\w±$iT>
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," |||gH§||S§^ ¦ %
says many who have used it. $i.oo per Ial5 xrtBStM^yis
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will K%»xH jfXfMk 4$1
be sent to any address free upon application to jfl m *S H^SS
BRADFtElD REGULATOR OO* Atlanta, Ga, S 2 Si^fisnUl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Any Skin Disease
•¦.¦."* use
It will help and cure you. Will
send Trial Bottle Free to any-
one sending toe. to pay postage.
It is absolutely harmless, has
cured thousands, will cure you.
Sold by le&dlng druggists.
None genuine without my signature.
6io Prince St.. New York.
Send for free Booklet on " How to treat
diseases," containing hundreds of testi-
monials of wonderful cures. •;' . .
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
BRANCH OFFICES
, OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY; WALDSTEIN IS CONVICTED— Mlltot
Waldsteln .was convicted by a- jury in Judgt
Lawlor's- court; yesterday on a felony charge
of ..taking away . a female for . immoral pur
poses. He will be.#entenced on, Saturday
The girl wj«3 Annie Louise Larsen.- whos<
parents live at 337 Bryant street. ~ -The dat<
of the ' offense was February &
NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — The follow
ing Callfornians are in New York:
From San Francisco — H. L. Bradford,
at the Continental; J. W. Breckhags,
at the Sinclair; T. M. Harvey, at the
Sinclair; E. McCook, at" the Grand
Union: Mrs. B. Delmar, at the Gerard:
D. Kent and wife, at the. Hotel Gerard;
H. Cease, at the Grand Union, and L.
Frank, at the Murray Hill.
From San Jose— B. C. Healey, at the
Park Avenue.
San Diego— F. S. Bands and A. N\
Cornell, at the Grand Union.; . -
Californians In New York.
Twenty-eight years of married life
is sought to be ended by Jerome S.
Kimpton, who charges his wife, Julia,
with intemperance which for six years
past has incapacitated her from at
tending to her family duties. They
were married at Walsburg, Utah, in
April, 1876, and besides acquiring the
liquor habit the wife is said to have
been cruel in that she hurled a flat
iron, dishes and other household ef
fects at her husband's head.
Warren Evans, who married his
wife. Elizabeth, in January, 1878, sues
her for divorce on the ground of de
sertion and consents to her having the
custody of their three-year-old child.
Erik Sillameke sues his wife, Sarah,
for divorce on the ground of cruelty,
alleging that she threw a glass at his
head and was in the habit of carrying
a loaded revolver. *
Charles W. Dix yesterday filed an
answer and cross-complaint to the suit
for divorce brought by his wife, Maud.
Besides denying her charges of cru-
Married for* Twenty-Eight Years.
Other Suits for Divorce Filed
and Divorces Granted.
KIMPTOX SAYS WIFE IS .
INTEMPERATE AND CRUEL
• o. W. Johnson, a millionaire of Ra
cine, Wis.. and his wife and daughters
arrived in this city yesterday and are
staying at the St. Francis.
Leslie Combs of Louisville, Ky.,
United States Minister to Guatemala
and Honduras, who has been home on
a leave of absence, arrived here yester
day with his wife. They are on their
way to Central America and are regis
tered at the St. Francis.
I. E. Osi of Madrid, Spain, who is
making a tour of this country, arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. Colin Boyd returned
yesterday from Casa Boyd and are
staying at the Occidental.
S. O. Bryner of Capitola, who is
interested in oil wells in the Bakers
field district, is at the Grand.
Colonel E. A. Forbes, an attorney
of Marysville, Is in the city on busi
ness and staying. at the Grand.
John D. Spreckels left for Coronado
yesterday afternoon on business and
will be gone for about a week.
J. B. Robinson, chief engineer of
the Diamond Match Company's in
terests at Chico, is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Burrows, promi
nent residents of New Haven, Conn.,
registered at the Palace yesterday.
Edward Chambers, general freight
agent of the Santa Fe road at Los
Angeles, Is staying at the St. .Francis.
. H. O. Butler, who is interested in
mining In Nome, -is at the St. Francis.
Garrison Turner, pne of Modesto's
prominent lawyers, is a guest at the
Grand.
J. O. and E. A. Hayes, owners of the
San Jose Mercury and Herald, are at
the Palace.
Len D. Owens of Etna Springs Is at
the Palace.
T. C. Johnston, a farmer of Pleasan
ton, is at the Grand.
C. T. Takahashi, a merchant o,f Se
attle, is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Elliott of Balti
more are at the Palace.
J. E. Jones, a mining man of Tono
pah, Is at the St. Francis.
E. J. Coleman, a young capitalist of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
. G. M. Clark and W. F. Bray, mining
men of Placerville, are at the Grand.
Dr.^ Elmer E. Stone and wife of
Xapa arrived at the Palace yesterday.
PERSONAL..
Manraret Irvine. .San Francisco; J. W.
Byrne, San Francisco; Major George
McK. Williamson, Eugenie Baker, Oak
land; Milton H. Ellis, San Francisco;
W. B. Cotrel and wife. San Francisco:
Hon. H. Mansvnan, Australia; A. H.
Jardine, Australia; Alvin Heyman,
San Francisco: A. G. Riding. San
Francisco; i?ig. Greenebaum and fam
ily, San Francisco; Jesse Trieste, San
Francisco; Dr. J. Bettencourt, San
Francisco; Alfred Mesquita, Lisbon;
W. V. Huntington. San Francisco; Mrs.
J. E. Baker, San Francisco; Joseph
Haber and wife, San Francisco; W. J.
Henesey, San Francisco; H.W. Store}
and wife, Los Angeles; E. A. Feather
stone and wife, Los Angeles; Captain
Carl Hartmann and wife.
At the meeting of the California Vitl
cultural Club yesterday Charles Bun<3
schu of the Gundlach-Bundschu Com
pany strongly urged that all Interest
ed in the v.ine industry — growers, buy
era and wholesalers — organize and
work together for the common good.
On these lines a committee of three
was appointed to act with a like com
mittee from the American Wine Grow
ers* Association looking toward the
affiliation of the two organizations.
Another resolution was passed
thanking the Department of Agricul
ture for Its efforts to eradicate vine
diseases from the vineyards of Cali
fornia.
It was also the sense of the gather
ing that the Legislature be waited
upon and reauested to appropriate
525,000 for the investigation of vine
diseases, the sum named to Include the
expense of retaining for a period an
expert to be brought from the wine
districts of France. The Rege'nts of
the University of California were also
requested to take action that would
permit a professor of the university
to go to France and study the meth
ods in use there for treating vine dis
eases.
Resolution Is Adopted Urging That
Growers, Buyers and Dealers
Form New Organization.
VlTICUI.TUKlSTS ARE
IX FAVOR OF HARMONY
.; That the encampment at Atascadero :
vy^M-havt; its .full complement of State, 1
'•iVaUtia- is apparent from the remarks \
rii-ade. by Adjutant General Lauck. who i
' i>.' : ;v't_t'he California Hotel arranging the >
"•rtirliUa'ynd of fhe. affair. He said:
¦""• .;• .y^-e'tioect to marshal 24'X> men in )
•£•; ..V <:) ' iourse this is a small percent-]
V: ; i--. .¦"•>, the miirtia, but then the naval
:«.r;u.;svtr..t:rely cut cut of this encamp
;-ii.:;\r;l.!; We did not expect to have sq I
i!. ; ;ipv:.^ien. .when the affair began, butt
¦Thinks .'to' the efficient aid wh-ich the
j :¦•¦<?: :s grvins trs employers through
: ;*'-!t •'tlie;.Stat-e have granted permission
: •, ¦"_• .'ihe.ir. employes to join the encamp
;.v.f r hjt.!;. Wkhin . the last few days at
>:•'.'. s=t :.-oOO"men have written that they !
.v.'!i;:..be able to join their . regiments {
;to that time had expected to I
..•:-.''t*nera!- MacArthur and his entire t
.'*iaff; will-leave here next Monday night I
:\aiiS;'Texna4n- during the entire encamp
iVitntV.which begins August 13 and ends
V^VS-Us.r-21.. ' V
;¦ General MacArthur, who went to Ord j
J-arracks on Monday to present the J
-n:.eda!s to the successful contestants in •
th<5 ;ta : rpet practice, returned home last !
.right. ...He was accompanied by his aid, i
•jfajor ¦ Parker W. West. Mrs. Mac- I
.'Arthur '.was in the party. ; |
X'JixaqnJB the officer* In the competition j
;v- tip; also, returrsed" last night -were Cap- I
¦ ta.ih J.ohxi J. Bradley, Lieutenant M. A.
¦Elliott' Jr.. and : Lieutenant B. R. Camp.
. /Captain... James R. Lindsay, who has
V^p -.acting- quartermaster. at Camp
A-ascadero, returned to Angel Island
':lj£$t -night. ' -. "
The camp is now practically in read-
Icees to receive the United States
troops which leave here for the scene
"next- Monday night. Three miles. of
v ater pipe have been laid around the
cam p.. .The • telephone system for the
/Use-, of those taking part in the maneu
>tis >is ."cow" in full working order. The
¦ivrti*; for" the. accommodation oX the
.t^f >3oma.tic; service, military attaches
;iV^ ; reporters" are already in position
iVd; ready fo.r occupancy. These are
h.;;jdtf d ' on a FmaH plateau immedi
-4rf£ly adjoining h-eedquarters and in
.yi: b.ximity -"to th* Western Union Tele
lufajjh- ..office. From this point can
l^-'had. a compjete view of the camn.
yhich will Include 6000 cavalry, artil
fcuHr.and infantry.
' ihe - encampment at Atascadero has;
arouse-d "great interest in diplomatic j
circles in Washington, D. C. and a]
number: of the military attaches' rep- !
[resenting different, nations in that city I
Vail probably be spectators of the.
maneuvers. The British military at- !
tacbe. Colonel Foster, is already- on the!
•coast, and will go to Paso Robles on;
August 10. The Russian military at- j
ta< he .is also due here and the repre- j
ter.tatives of several other nations have ;
!t'i.Kri;£ed. their intention to come.
The Department of Justice at Wash
ington is evidently not disheartened by
the decision of Judge Laeombe of the
United States Circuit Court in New-
York discharging John A. Benson of
New York from indictment for conspir
acy to defraud the Government out of
public lands. Francis J. Heney, who
was special Federal counsel before
Commissioner. Heacock in the long pre
liminary examination of Frederick A.
Hyde and Henry P. Dimond, Benson's
alleged coconspirators, received a tele
gram jfesterday from Attorney General
Moody announcing that an appeal from
Judge Laeombe's decision would be
taken without delay to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals. The
telegTam also directed Heney to go
ahead vigorously with his proceedings
for the removal of Hyde and Dimond
to Washington, D. C, for trial.
The motion for removal will be heard
by Judge de Haven in the United States
District Court on August 15. It is the
intention of the defendants'. attorneys,
Messrs. McEnerney. Wheeler, Schles-
Inger and Knight, to insist then upon
the point made with success by Ben
son's counsel. J. C. Campbell, before
Judge Laeombe, namely, that the in
dictment found by the Federal Grand
Jury against Benson, Hyde et al. failed
to set forth facts constituting an of
fense under the laws of the United
States, and that if a crime was com
mitted It was against the States of
California and Oregon.
It Is reported here that attorneys
connected with the Department of Jus
tice who have read Judge Laeombe's
opinion are convinced that the New
York jurist failed to apprehend the
Government's position, and that the
higher court will reverse his ruling.
The defendants' counsel, however, are
equally confident that the decision will
stand.
On the hearing before Judge de
Haven, Mr. Heney will be assisted by
A. B. Pugh. an attorney of the Interior
Department, who will come on from
JVashington for the purpose. y
Preparations for Quarters
/Are Almost Completed and
the Men Will Leave Soon
Special Counsel Heiiey Is
to Push the Proceedings
Against Hyde and Dimond
The people of Sausalito rebelled at
the ordinance, refused to pay and even
threatened to have the Trustees arrest
ed on the ground that they exceeded
their authority and that the ordinance
was illegal. The Trustees met in spe
cial session last evening to instruct the
Marshal what course to pursue regard
ing the people who refused to pay the
tax.
Trustee Martin read a letter from At
torney Henry McPike of San Francisco,
who had been consulted about the or
dinance. McPike was of the opinion
that the ordinance was valid and could
be enforced. The Trustees therefore in
structed the Marshal to wait on all in
coming and outgoing boats and collect
the tax from those who should pay.
This evening Frederick Marriott was
accosted by a deputy marshal as he
came off the boat and was requested to
pay the tax, but Marriott refused. The
Marshal swore out a warrant for his
arrest. The warrant probably will be
served in the morning and Marriott will
be brought before Judge Prior. 'ZC'l
SAUS.ALITO, Aug. 2.— A warrant was
sworn to this evening by Deputy Mar
shal Pariser for the arrest of Frederick
Marriott, editor of a weekly paper in
San Francisco, for refusing, to pay the
annual street poll tax of $1.
The Board of Trustees of the town of
Sausalito at a previous meeting passed
an ordinance that all male inhabitants
of the town of Sausalito between the
ages of 21 and 60 years^ should pay an
annual street poll tax of 51. The or
dinance provides that all persons re
fusing to pay the tax are guilty of a
misdemeanor and are liable to arrest.
Those dilatory are subject to a fine not
exceeding $200 or a month's Imprison
ment, or by both 1 such fine and impris
onment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Passing of Levy for Street
Work' by Trustees Meets
Opposition From People
CITIZENS ' PROTESTING
DE HA YEN TO HEAE CASE
READY FOR THE TROOPS
Attaches of 3£any Legations
./Leave Washington for the
Maneuvers at Atascadero
Already many have engaged rooms
at Hotel Paso Robles, among them
being Captain John H. Parker, Captain
C. F. Andrews, Captain W. E. Gilmore,
R. H. Chandler and family. San Fran
cisco: Charles F. Hoffman and wife.
Oakland; J. H. Willard, San Francisco;
George H. Evans and wife, San Fran
cisco: T. W. Grimm and wife, San
Francisco; G. M. Boyd and wife, San
Francisco, W. P. Nelson and wife,
Pasadena: Mrs. W. H. Garretson, Be
nicia; Miss Garretson. Miss M. P. Free
man. J. J. Tobin. San Francisco: Mrs.
Ruth Burritt. Pasadena; Thomas God
win, San Francisco; I. H. Wallace, Los
Angeles; Fred G, Plummer, Washing
ton, D. C; John Twiggs, San Francis
co; Miss F. F. Low, San Francisco;
Miss Ella Morgan, San Francisco; Mrs.
Mrs. MacArthur will accompany
General MacArthur to the field of ac
tion, as well as many other army ma
trons and maids.
Autos will make the ten-mile run
every half hour, over oiled roads, and
land the fair visitors right on the field
of the biggest military camp ever seen
In the West.
On to Camp Atascadero! Not only is
this the cry of the soldier folk, but of
their femininity. Not exactly do the
ladies gro ripht into the camp — they es
tablish headquarters within ten miles
of it — at Paso Robles. And quite near
enough for fun.
The Sperrys— Mr. and Mrs. Horace
Sperry. Mrs. Austin Sperry and Miss
Beda Sperry — tripped blithely up the
Mariposa's gangplank on Monday after
an ideal journey to Tahiti for the jubi
lation on the 14th of July. ,":¦»
Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Troy are
spending: their honeymoon at the Pot
ter, Santa Barbara.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Marston, who
left the city several months ago for a
tour of the world, were in Carlsbad,
Austria, in the latter part of July. They
planned to remain there for six weeks.
Another bride will plight her troth
to-Qay — Miss Camilio Martin. Miss
Martin will become the bride of Wil
liam Palmer Horn at the residence of
her mother, 619 Geary street, at the
hour of 3 o'clock. Miss Martin is a
pretty maid and ought to make a stun
ning bride.
The young people will make their
home at 2iOD Broadway, which will be
ready for their reception on their re
turn from their nuptial trip.
By Sally Shnrp.
Mi?s Mary O'Sullivan, daughter of
the late C. D. O'Stillivan, will to-day
become the bride of Oscar Sutro. The
ceremony will be -quietly performed at
the re*iden< e of Archbishop Riordan,
on Eddy street, only relatives of the
bride anvi groom having been bidden to
attend. The bride, a young woman of
striking appearance and personality,
will be attended by her sister. Mis3
Nellie O'Sullivan, also a handsome
maid. Mr. Sutro \s\\\ be attended by his
brother. Alfred Sutro.
Th? O'Sullivans ar> well known to the
older families of San Francisco, the
head of the house having acquired a
lartre fortune during the days of the
city's development. The bride, who is
the youngest member of the family, re
ceived splendid educational advantages
both here and abroad and is coTVsidered
a very clever- young woman.
The Sutro family is also well known,
socially end financially, the groom hav
ing won distinction in the practice of
law.
Attorney General Moody to
Appeal From Lacombe's
Decision Freeing* Benson
GOVERNMENT
NOT DISMAYED
FOREIGN AIDS
TO VISIT CAMP
Sansalito Marshal Will
3Iake Example of Editor
for Violating Tax Law
WILL ENFORCE
NEW ORDINANCE
TWO FAIR MAIDS
ARE TO BECOME
BRIDES TO-DAY
5
• .•¦».•¦¦ - .. , • • ....
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL." WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3. 1904.
POCKETS RIFLED BT A "WOMAN. — An
dr»w Madson. 2S45 Pierce street, complained
to the police yesterday that a woman known
as Ivy had taken -$65 from his pockets. He
said she was a waitress in a dance hall at
1120 Dupont street and that while they were
In a room at 1124 Dupont street the woman
made an excuse to eo out. She did not re
turn and when he searched his pockets he
found his money cone.
elty he avers that she was guilty of
infidelity with one Bert P. Pfeiffer. a
United States soldier, now discharged.
He says that his wife and the soldier,
posing as brother and sister, engaged
housekeeping rooms In the Aloha
House and lived together from April
1 to May 27 of this year.
Other suits for divorce were filed by
Fannie Harvey Beckerly against
James T. Beckerly for desertion and
neglect; Bessie E. Loebel against Al
ton Loebel, desertion; Abraham R.
Horning against Mary E. Horning, de
sertion; Harriet J. Collins against E.
J. Collins, neglect and intemperance.
Divorces were granted by Judge
Kerrigan to George D. Grigsby from
Benicia Grigsby for desertion; to De
borah Evans from David Evans for
desertion; by Judge Hunt to Max
Lipowitz from Ellen Lipowitz for de
sertion, and to Marguerite Cole from
Charles C. Cole for cruelty.
. the EMPonrrai. i the oifokium. j lil^JBSSSlE^:
I .
. Our space allows us to publish only a few of the
% Green <Sign& mean Sale Goocte — Look, for LheGreeizSJgns^
I The least saving to be made on sale goods at this time is 25 per* cent,
*> and in some instances double or more. We are dosing out every sur-
f plus and broken lot and offering a number of delayed shipments of this
J season's choicest merchandise. Trade morniogs,:if possible, to« avoid
£ the crowds and get better and quicker service.
| Auto Chiffon >*^i 20 dozen Glean-up of
I Veiling 36c Yd. vMl$ d T ™?' y r Table LJmens
i Added to the c:c 3 n-up sale to-dav, <gtj ' GcnaaD Dam^-M^cr-z.d.
af ,. ,. . .'. JP^*?-' Ivaists in 72 inches wiae, satin nmsa; was
•? an express shipment ot automopi c -<<vtv™rv *«*«»*.» •« -
g chiffon veiling, to be ,o!d by the /wfP^ S & /e Hke n, 7> "u Tn °°Z * T* * * * f 8 °A
I yard; thi. material U all the r,ge /Jt^Sl picture Bleadlri DaiMsK-In^nwt figured.
g in N^ York City, being just the / Jl\ TOlA added to ' $ »t'
, I thing for the long end drap= veis. / % M ffif) "2?'" ° , c ean -°P " Tc ?" d ¦ 2*°
J and I introduce ufet$ and add new / fM J iW ¦ ?*?"''#, BIe3Chcd NapklllS-*omch^.qu«re.
J vim to ths e'ean-up sale, we have markei I -~> a ' e to-day :ui! m-rc-r:2=^, worth $.l.?y
Jt »r, per yard 36c \ v BB^v ) at dozen, now $1.18
*: "Auto Chiffon" •» 45 inches wide, ana )k^^S\^^^ -. -^ Bice NapKms — B eachtd, to'id
*, comsa in white, cream, pink, bins, icarkt, l^^ : ''^p X '*ST 3*fi Ji* (T* weave, 16 inchsj square, good
y Cirdinil, drib, he io, black and nile. *lE3J 1/^ *>^ tfcrjr» H^ i QT f n jj{ > c!o7.;n 45C
j: Cfean-Up Women's and Clean-Up Sale Various
»; Children's Furnishings Household Goods
, af A dozen out of <o or more items: \\ „ ( , , j j •»
S 7 ;c F.anne; Kimona, (light or dark), now . . 42c Manufacturer samples and dropped
;j: Si-ooBa: Wing Tennis Kimonas, now marked .73© patterns 01 lace CUHtainS, nOW at half
\lf 65c Caiidrcn's Lawn Dresses, now marked . . 48c regular Values.
! J? Women's $ 1. 3 3 Rippled Eiderdown Sacques, now B5G 75c Curtains. . 3Qt* 5 I. ?O Curtains . 7Qn
J Women's 42c K.ne: Length Petticoats, now 28O n ' •
ti 50c Styes Womb's Mui^n D.-jwen. now. . 3Q O Curtains worth <J 3 .00 to 3.7 ; pair, now .$1.79
K 75c S:ylei Women's Muslin Drawen, now 53 O ce Door Pancll— Were J1.2? tt>^j. 00, now.. 75O t» StmSO
! J. 5 1. 50 Styles Women's Nainsook Chemite., now .... SI. 18 **-S° Wood Frame Wringsrs. lo-fnch roUers . . . . S1.69
! tf Women's Jti.oo to $1.56 Styles Gowm . . 73o, 880, 88c 6oc Blue and White Double Coaterf.Enam-loi Sauce Paa» . . 39C
I Jf * 1. 25 Blacii and White Stripe Sateen Petticoat Q5C 25c Cedar Moth Powder, box . J1.00 CarviDg S«tj . . . 67 O
Ig. Children's $ 1. 00 Wa>h Suits, sailor styie 72O 10O 50c Knife a^d Fork Boxes 38o
'^ Chi'dren's 53.90 Mohair and Serge Suits S2*4B 10c Ostrich Feather Duste.-. SO ice Hardvrcod Coat Har.per ..
\ 1£ Children's Capj and Bonnets, half price. . . . 27O to $2, SO 50c Fmit Jar Filer .. . 2SO * ¦ - - SO
af Chi den's 98c Wash Drrses. now 49o »5c Enameled Candlestick. IQo 25c Pr.p'ar Ro Tng Pin«> . 18O
jj B-oken Los Nemo Corsstt, clean-up price . QSO *5c Bread Knife .... 12c 12-q* Enameled Sou? Pcz.S9o
i B ¦ B
I Giean-up Women's Fine Suits— $9.75, $11.75, SI 4.90
J jt s This is one of the best suit offers ever made by the big store. The original prices
I* quoted are exact, and the large reductions are made to close out the balance of these suits
jjf this week if possible. The assortments include: Tailor Suite, fancy mixtures, novelty
jjf . woolens, black and navy alpaca, formerly $17.50 to 525.00, at $9.75; Tailor Dresses—
¦ *; black Etamines and navy blue cloths in stvlishly made suits that were formerly $15-50 to
\ti $25.00, now $11.75; and beautifully tailored dresses and suits in black, blue and gray
lj£ Etarnine, formerly sold up to $37.50 each, now marked $14. 90.
¦'£ m „ „- ] TI ] I Z ! 77!
i Glean-Up Men's and Boys' Groceries and Liquors
i Furnishing Goods Extras To-day and Thursday
\K Men's $1.50 Ribbed Union Suts, form fittbg, fleece Uned, just the Java and Mocha— Oar be;t Coffee, pound . ..... . 29o
: Jf thins'for fall wear, now 7iO Soda Crackers — Fresh baked, i-g boxes . . 3Q C
'¦ K Boys' Stiff Bosom Shirts— Balance of feteral lots 75c and £i-oo Lennox Soap— Or Cudahy's E. Z. Soap,' 17 bars .... 5Qc
\ J» percale and madras effects; gocd patterns and colors; elean-up Rolled Oats or Cream Wheat— 10 pounds ... '. 25o
i Jf price, each 47o u Marchand Sardines— 35c me tin . . . \ * *. \ " * 2 o o
\K Mtn r ! ce 5C r U r^ t n r t W " r - MedlUm We ' 8ht cle^ Cutter Whhkey-For the twodays bottle .700
it Me^l^l^lS^^^S^^^ dotted %j£^£f§ 5 - ycar - old d^ eiIIon S2o
|J> and figured effects • • • SSC Champion Whiskey— 9 years old, bottle 75c, gallon . -. $2.4O
\ K Men's 35e Su'prnders— Broken lots, fancy web, marked to close, Geneva Gin- Our own bottling, worth -;c, bottle .... SOo
; J» pair .1 18O Hock White Wine— Regularly 75c a ga Ion 43c
j K Men'i 75c Night Shirts— Heary twilled muslin ..... 57o Kentucky Belle Bourbon— Full quarts, bott'e ...... S5c
¦5; -. 1 ¦
Li Sale of $2 Oxford S $1 Complete
i Ch ?i CS JPl"V C A dela ved shipment Women's iffij^^ Novels by
% , l&G uopy Vici Kid Oxfords-cloth tops, Famous Authors
I Added to the clean- P atent li2t t h .% «ps, ra-d:^m French £#*/ W /} o CODV
X up\ sale to-day these pair; sale price. § 10,000 paper nove'a
J* three popular titles of Come quick for s<mie of these. tS^*''^ for summer reading added
; af sheet music : ' to the cican-up sale to-
$ " Because You Were */vT** //** •• d * 7 a: 4 ° cach ' AmoTi &
* "If You But Knew " mM&fl/V/%S9^W>Vgj± =m . Dumas. Corelli. Braeme.
i "Moon Moth, '-^Schot- r * L " rnaM "" s ' ""! „!", t* — r ~ Conwa y and man . v
£ tische caprice. v 'Mjjjj^^lmit* *" akilrica's grandest store, others.
ft ' - —
. ADVERTISEMEXTS.
pSale T^n Milliori i Boxes a Year, g
fs5a Ths BEST HOT WEATHER RSEDiCINE jjJL f ; "rJ
Wi CANDY CATHARTIC M
M PREVENT ALL SURIRIER BOWEL TROUBLES M
r^'-a Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as S3
quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels mm
|9b| poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, gj9
&fi , dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and gS
||1 the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper E||
g3 thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the. body em
Ew everyday— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bovrels. I||
Ifil You will slop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and g|H
fai healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste Jnd not 3-SS
E^ harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system -cleaner to take EH
E9 in summer.'because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. ga
53s All druggists, 10c. 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet ptj
fag stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and l'^
|Sl booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 635 >Jg§
'\ /'' : - ¦'.- ¦' ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
I Our object is to make the accommodation and satisfaction of the / Wsl J j g
customer an essential part of every sale; to fix every transaction \f^ jfc^ I 1
on a basis of absolute integrity. We guarantee you satisfaction. /-" / 1
Ybur Credit IS Good on the Square, "IMufCed." I
',.¦¦¦ " -^~'iil' ' ¦ ¦ % i"" ~— J» a
I . libsabT TABLE — Golden or '~™ s — «•"¦—' W »— - 3
3 weathered: 36-inch top; w ' SIDEBOARD — Solid oak; I
I .. turned legs; rigidly braced; golden finish ;- top deco- |
I ';. one of the moyt artistic de- THXEE PIECE BEDROOM STTIT— Maple; dresser miVror Sample C room P for |
-S" . g'gns en' the floor; the height has serpentine top drawer; shaped top; bevel plate linen or silver; high- |
'¦•§ '¦'-.¦.of the cabinet- mirror; entire suit beautifully grade cabinet work; |
1; r^.:. i ::..-..$7.35 s^^^r?r?. I . y ....T?°.. i rrf::... $26.85 c^:.^.$i4.60 (
B A well selected rate will judd ton* aad finish to a room. We carry a vast assortment of Domestic Bng-a, In Orlen- 9
H taO. Ploral and Persian patterns. Ton are inre to be pleased here. The prices ar* rijfht. . H
R P«i#r AI1 wo01 ' reversible; floral or Orien- l r f Cnilira 7x9 f «et; reversible; some very m
| JlDjlDa KUg taldesien; size 26x54 tf All jqUare effective designs; ar- , 1 9
M inches; fnr.g:ed both ends; excellent grade. t!stlc colorln S- Price S2.u5 M
t£ Mnnnaiia Uitrr 36x72 inches; Oriental or Persian Cmt/rtio Purr Room size, 9x12 feet; all wool, B
| iflUqUeiTe KUg des ign ; fine deep tf - OA Jmyrna HUg reversible; Oriental tf . f _- |
n pile; exquisite col- JlJ.ZU or floral designs, \\lijg S i
If oring. Price each ......; T w#l ' w Price each H'"»' l/ i
9 CARPETS I
M An array that will appeal to every taste. This is a week of special pricinsr on staple carpets. £|
y Exclusive Line of Velvets %»}l Excellent Tapestry Brussels i^Hi 1
n pleased with the soft blending of" colors in C ¦? 1 A carpet to match; design suitable for any room «« B
H this choice gradf of carpets. Per yard. nl IU in the house; per yard, made, laid and lined /g^f* ¦
''• made, laid and lined "i 11 * 17 • 1
| Superior Quality of Axminster !&«££ A^ate Pro=Brussels Sar^arpetir^a 3 : 1
m sian' designs; with or without bor- tf>4 **n ttguiv ilU UIUJJVU ble for bedrooms jn p
M ders.. Per yard. made. laid and lined nt C*m or country home*; some choice designs. Per Jirlr* 8
m .../.. 4#*»fc*i^ yard _. ..:..'....-. w . B
r %t \ Iffifr i% • n mfm 9 E ¦¦ ViJKIjSi^J^Wmt$UwAi_f\it*^^^L'i^^^['^'*m^ ll^fj'*^ WtAjt C ¦ I V H R&^fi^tarh EB rG
AD VEitTISlMrliSgTS.
jfora Good .
Pocket Knife
When you buy a Knife It pays to
get a good one. One Dollar Is a very-
moderate ' price for a good Pocket
Knife. This is my special Knife of-
fer and it is an extra value for the
money. Buy one.
TOUS O£X> RAZOR can be ex-,
changed as part payment on a new
one. I have a fine Hue of good Razors
at Sl.OO.
STAB SAFETY BAZOB, regular
$2.00 kind. I sell for $1.50-
I have a very extensive and choice
assortment of Cutlery of all kinds at
moderate prices.
Two bars Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap. 1,"<*.
Razors honed and ground. Honing
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MABXET STESET, Opp. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBE FOB MS3t.
HAEIILESS OTJECTlOjr. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to euro
worst cases. - VO OTSEI TBE KTXX.'St
SEQTTIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS COSTAGION. Harm-
less. $:.OO for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. X£XLY'3 fH ABM ACT. 1US Eddy.
MEDICAL ¦
FOR THE
, rf LOOD. LI VER. LU MGS~
a Dr. CJibbon ? s Dispensary,
6129 KCAXXY »T. K<itab!ish«J
in 1S34 for the treatment »! l"rivn£»
!>!.».«-*<.. U»t Maniurtrtl. D»NiUy or
<)i-«^isc vvearinjron l-ixlr ami mlii'i DM
Skin l>!«««ses>. Tlie Doctorcurn »•»<•:»
others I;iU. Try him. t-h»n;t>* low.
(nrr«C"»ruolrrd. OillorwrUtt.
Dr. 4. V, «IIBEO>. San Francisco. CakFourth race, one mile, selling — J. V. Klrby
won. Cinnabar second, Northwest third. Time,
1:419*. /
Hfth race, six and a half furlongs, selling-
Sir Dougal won, Maud Sherwood second Bati
dor third. Time, 1:20^4.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Budd "Wade
won. Conger second. J. H. Bennett i third.
Time, 1:41. •,,..:,>.-.,
Keene Highly Values Sysonby.
SARATOGA, N. Y., . AiTg. 2.— It is
stated here that.J. R. Keene has re
fusedan offer of $100,000 for his'two
year-old colt Sysonby, the winner of
the Flash Stakes and probable favorite
for the Futurity, said to have: been
made by W. B. Leeds. Mr. Keene is
quoted as saying he never had any. in
tention of selling Sysonby, although he
had been told by a friend he could ob
tain 5100,000 for the colt if he would
sell. He is by'Melton out of Optime.
Olympic Club's Country Walk.
The members of .the Olympic Club
will take a cross country walk to
Mount Tamalpals' next Sunday. The
start will be made at Mill Valley on
the arrival of the 9 o'clock tram.
Luncheon will be served at the Tamal
pais tavern.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2. — Kreigh Collins
of Chicago, holder of the Western
championship in men's singles for five
seasons, added another year to his
phenomenal record to-day by defeat
ing R. D. Little, the Princeton expert,
in ' the closing event of the Western
championship tournament at the Ken
wood courts. The following Western
championships have resulted from the
tournament just closed: Men's singles,
Kreigh Collins; women's singles. Miss
May Sutton; men's doubles, Collins
and Little; women's doubles, Miss Sut
ton and Miss Neely; mixed doubles,
Mr. Collins and Miss Neely.
Collins Still Tennis Champion.
Fifth race, six furlongs, high-weight handi
cap — Aceful 122, Leonldas 122, Lady Amelia
12H, Flying Ship 121, Togcan 114, Spring 113,
Montreson 111, Monte Carlo 108, Stalwart 110,
The Muskete&r 104, Cloten 102, Boxwood 100,
Forward 97, .Moorhen 05.
Sixth race, one- mile and one furlong, hand!
cap, three-year-olds and up — Delhi 114, Aceful
114, Carbuncle 107, Mlneola 100, Audience 105,
Palmbearer 100. Gay Lothario 93.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Tcacicss, Calmness,
Tramotor.
Second race — Iloyelle, . Good and
Plenty. Iilaclc Death.
Third race; — Heart's Desire, Tanya,
Iota. . i _ • ¦"; ¦
Fourth race— Gay ixHhario, Stllicho,
Fire Eater.
Firth race — Leonidas, Lady Amelia.
Flyhij* Ship. r
Sixth |raqe — Audience. DelhC Ace-
Condition of ti-ack— Good.
' PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 2.—Cincinnatl-Phll
*d«phia game postponed on account of rain.
BOSTON. Aug. 2.— The Bostbn-St. Loul.
game vu postponed on account of wet grounds.
Batteries — Mullin and Drill; Powell, McGuire
and Kleinuw.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 2.— Boston won again
to-day. Tannehill eutpitching Moore. The fieUU
Ing of Parent was brilliant. Attendance 3400
Score: ;
Cleveland i 5&*
Boston.... 4 n g
Batteries— Moore and Buelow; Tannehiil and
NEW TOKK, Aug. 2.— New York-Chicago
and Brooklyn-Pittsburg National League base
ball camea were postponed to-day on account
of r— in.
Philadelphia .0 12 2
Batteries— Pclty, Sugden and Kahoe; Wad
dell and Scfcreck.
- DETROIT. Aug. 2.— In the tenth Inning the
visitors worked in two hits with sacrifices ai.d
Kcored the winning run. Attendance 2500.
Score:
Detroit : :;;.-. f\ '¦¦*< -»
Xew York .'..... a 8 -4
Batteries— Owen and Sullivan; Jacobson and
Klttrtdie.
6T. IX>inS, Aug. 2. — The Philadelphia Amer
icans defeated St. Louis here to-day in a bat
ting bee. Gleason was struck In the head with
a uitch ball in the sixth inning and it le
feared he may have concussion of the brain.
Attendance, 1'JOO. Score:
BtLoui. ;;..S n i *i
. AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— In a pitchers' battle,
? ith two hits on one clde and five on the other
the locala, by clev«»r sacrificing and eteallngi
won easily. Attendance, 4500. Score:
• R. II. E.
Chicago , 6 S 2
¦\V»»hlr.|rtcn 1 2 2
• (National League.) (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New Tork...J62 24 .721 Boeton 54 Xi .021
Chicago 53 34 .«*J9;Chicago ....65 35 .611
Cincinnati ..r>2 37 .f»S4!N>w York... 51 34 .«i0
PItWburg ..."50 36 .581 Cleveland ..47 37 .5<X)
St. Louis ...4" 41 .nni!Phllad«>lphla.4S 38 .5T.8
Efoston 5*3 67 .-'JU7 Ft. Louis ...34 47 .420
Brooklyn ...32 59 .352. Detroit 34 X>1 .400
Philadelphia. 22 US .2M. Washington. .18 66 .214
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Athletics Prove Better Than St. Louis
, . » Wlien Teams Indulge in a
Battinzr Bee.
HARLKM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Capitanazo, Proprietor,
Before.
Second race — Golden Link, Sweet
Jane, Alma Girl.
Third race— The Mist, Flaxman,
Lady Savoy.
Fourth race — Mabel Wlnn, My Alice,
Mayor Johnson.
Fifth race — Optional. Cardinal Wol
sey. Mary McCaffcrty.
Sixtli race — Leila, Joe Lesser, Prin
cess Ttilane. * .
Condition of track — Fast.
HARNESS HORSE MEETIXCi
OPENS TO-DAY AT SAN JOSE
Rich Stakes Arc Offered and the Event
Is Expected to Prove a Bis
Success.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 2. — The eighteenth
annualmeeting of the Trotting Horse
Breeders' Association, which com
mences here to-morrow, will be the
premier event of the year for the
breeders and owners of trotting horses
on the coast. Yesterday most of the
horses that have been racing at
PJeas£yiton arrived at Agricultural
Park. The track presents a busy
scene. There are more than 125 horses
-there getting ready for the event. This
collection is valued at more than a
quarter of a million dollars. The pro
gramme of events is one of the best
arranged on the coast and is divided
into three races every day. Purses
aggregating $14,700 have been offered.
Following is the detailed programme:
Wednesday— Green class trot, $S00; Pacific
Slope stakes, 2:20 pace. S1500; 2:13 class trot,
$700.. • .. .
Thursday — Futurity, No. 2, $6000. two-year
old pacing .division. $950; 2:18 class trot,
$000; 2:10 class trot. $800.
Friday — Futurity stakes, ' No. 1, $6000, two
year-old trotting division. $450; 2:25 class
pace, $000; Futurity stakes, No, 1, $0000,
three-year-old pacing division, $1300; race for
local horses to close August 3.
Saturday— Futurity stakes No. 1, $5000,
three-year-old trotting division. $2300: Cali
fornia stakes, 2:2( class trot. $2000; 2:14 class
pace, $700. . .
Protest of : Yachtsmen Not Allowed.
COWES, Isle of Wight, Aug. s 2.—
The protest \ of the yacht Ingomar,
owned by Morten F. Plant of New
York, against the White Heather yes
terday in the race' for the Commo
dore's cup. the American boat claim
ing that the British yacht collided
with her, was decided to-day in favor
of the White Heather, which won the
race on time allowance, though the
Ingomar crossed the finish line' first.
WHITE SOX MANAGE TO WIN
BY SKILLFUL. MANEUVERING
Third race, the Spinaway stake?, two-year
old fillies, five and a half furlongs — Tanya 122,
Linda- Lee 119," H« art's Desire lie. Belle
Sauvage 110. Scbulamite 114. Iota 114.
Fourth race, one mile, selling — Elliott 109,
Fire Eater 1(MJ, Turnpike 101, Slillcho 09, Gay
Lothario 08, Toi San 95, Sarah Maxim 91.
Stcand race, steeplechase, ' short course,
handicap — Black Death 157, Good and Plenty
151, Mystic Shriner 149, Neponset 147, Amur
144, Iloyelte 13a. Manilian 135, Alum Water
130.
First race, five and a half fur
longs, selling, two-year-olds — Gallopoff
110 Tramator 109, Gllpln 107, Steel Trap 10*.),
Teacre?a 1U4, Jtrry C 104, Squeezer 102, Red
Reynard 102. Ike 8 102. Mr. Gardner 102, Har
poon 102, Miss Morgan 00, Calmness 09,
Pacetti 07, Thirty Third 07, Sufferance 06,
Winchester 04.
SARATOGA, Aug. 2. — The Spina
way stakes for two-year-old fillies will
be one of the features of a strong card
for to-morrow's races. The day's en
tries:
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
Second race, short course, steeplechase, han
dicap — Alma Girl 131, Sprlncstead 131. Sweet
Jane 130, Lingo 135, Goltlen Link 140.
Third race, six furlcnss — Lo Lo Mai 04,
Ram's Horn 07. Tom Shelly 98, Lady Savoy
100, Tho Mist 112, Flaxman 115.
Fourth race, sir furlongs, selling — My
Alice 97. Peter J 101, Julia M 103, Redman
104, Mayor Johnson 105, Grand 105, Hainault
105. Mabel Winn 100, Nugget 1C0. Orfeo 11U.
Fifth race, six furlongs, • selling — Chief
Deputy 03, My Gem 05. Magio Flute 00,
Trompeuse 00, Maggie Leebcr 00, Mary Mc-
Cafferty 100, Optional 101, Marco 103. Tom
Maybln 103. Potrero Grande 105. Cardinal
"Wclsey 107. •
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Docile 87, Leila 00. Exclamation 03.
Annu 95, Red, White and Blue 100. Tom Hall
103, Royalty 103, Princess Tulane 105, Sir
Launcelot 108, Joe Lesser 110, Inventor 110.
First race, six furlongs, maidens — Rather
Royal 101. Rathskeller lol. Lookout 107, Big
Beach 110, Thedramln 110, Petit Due 110, The
Gadfly 110. Colonel Itiippert 113, Deshon. 113,
Proprietor 118, Waddell 11 118, Capitanazo 118,
Before 118.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Harlem track
follow: j
HARLEM ENTRIES.
Stolen bases — Bernard, Van Haltren, Wil
fon. Krrors — Brashear, Mohler, Murphy (2).
R. Hall. Home runs — Murphy, Frisk. Three
bane hit — Bernard. Two-base hits — Van Hal
tren, Brashear. Sacrifice hit — Cravath. Firnt
base on errors — Los Angeles 3, Seattle 1. Left
on bases — Los Angeles 7, Seattle 7. Bases on
balli— Tiff Hughes 3, Off Gray 2. Struck out—
By Hughes 2, by Gray 3. Double play —
Hrathear to Toman. Hit by pitcher — C. Smith.
Time of game — One hour and forty-five min
utes. Umpire — McCarthy.
Base hits 1 0 2 O 2 3 4 O x— 12
Seattle 0 O 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 — 2
Base hits.. 2 021 1* 10 10— 8
- SUMMARY.
Lo« Angeles 10201230 x — 9
Totals. 30 9 12 27 131 Totals. 34 2 8 24 14
nUNSAND HITS BY IXXINGS.
Los Angeles — i Seattle — "
AB.R. IT. P.A.t AB.R. II. P.A.
BrnnJ, cf 4 3 2 2 l.VHltn.cf 5 0 12 0
Brxhr, Ib4 0 1 7 1 Mohlr, 2b 2 0 2 3 6
JSmth,3b 5 2 11 1 Dlhty, 3b 4 0 14 1
Cravtb,rf 3 0 110 Frisk, If . 4 1 1 10
Flood, 2b 4 1 2 3 6 Mrphy.lb 4 1 1 9 2
Toman, s 4 1 2 5 2 CSmth.rf 3 0 0 0 1
Room,' If.: 4 10 2 1 R.Hall, s4 0 'l 3 2
Spies, c. 4 1 2 U 1! Wilson, c4 0 1 2 2
Gray, p. 4 0 1 0 0 Hughes.p 4 0 0 0 1
LOS AXGELES, Aug. 2. — Los An
geles played rings around Seattle at
every stage of to-day's game and won
out by the score of 9 to 2. The locals
gave Jay Hughes a terrific drubbing
and ran bases in daring style.
Seattle's infield went to pieces at
critical periods. The only runs made
by Seattle were home runs by Frisk
and Murphy. Bernard's batting and
base running were features: Score:
Ansel Batsmen Land on Him and
Then Run Bases Daringly.
JAY HUGI1ES IS TOUCHED UP.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 2. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at the Fair Grounds
follow:
First race, five and a half furlongs, maidens,
selllnR— Laurel L 10S, J. B. Sheridan 108,
Sandman 105, Bradwarlin 105, Dresden 100,
Fr«d J'rlennwyer 100. Filler 100, Aten 100, Joe
Graham 05. Georre T 108.
Second race, six- and a half furlonrs, oell
lng—Whtrkers 110. Caterpillar 107. Tally H 105,
Klng - 8 Charm 105. Lustig 103. Crime 102. Suave
1C.T. WorthinKton SO, Tottenham VS, Potter !M,
Tribes 07. Bandillo 05, Shortcake 03, Lady
Fonse 00.
Third race, four and a half furlongs— Fruit
lCT., Arch OMham 108. Zlnda 105. Lady Mer
cury !)5, Opinion 05. Stella M B5, Edith Vice
05, Arlena !)S, Amellana 05. Darthula 05, Auro
reeetyer 05. John Randolph 05.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
handicap — Miss Mae Day 111. Bas d'Or 109,
Flying Torpedo 108, Jack Younn 10C, Byron
Rose t<2, Pathos 1)0.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Laura Hunter 109,
Dolly Gray 105, Bvenlnc Star 105. St. "Wini
fred 105, Mlsa Betty 102, Mattie H 102. First
Attempt 10O, Hazel H 100, Dallas »ti. Miss
Creek 00. Miss l>oyle 00, Hoceo 00, Selected 06,
I>3tolla 00. • '
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Buccleuth 107. Frank MeKee 110,,Strader
10S. Leenja 107, Iras 103, Flora Bright 103.
Lynch 102, Caithness 102. Goo Goo 1(X>, Miss
Eon OS, Flyer 102. Moyle 10S.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First? race — Bradwarlin, Fred Pries
meyer. Laurel L.
Second race— Bandillo, Lustij;,
Tribes.
Third race^ — Arch Oldham, Zinda.
Aurocciver.
Fourth race— Miss Mae Day, Bas
d'Or. Flylne Torpedo.
Fifth race — Evening Star, Mattle II.
Dolly Gray.
Sixth race — Flyer, Leenja. Caith
ness.
Condition of the track — Fast.
GROCERS PREPARING
FOR ANNUAL OUTING
Picnic at ScJmetzen Park Next Week
to Eclipse All Similar
Events.
The annual picnic of the Retail
Grocers' Association will be held at
Schuetzen Park next Wednesday. The
outings of the retail grocers have al
ways been among the most popular of
this season, and the committee in charge
this year has spared no. time, trou
ble nor money .to insure a day of pleas
ure to all,
A long list of game and gate prizes
is offered, and candy will be distributed
free to the children. Dancing will be
gin at 10 o'clock in the morning and
continue all day.
Following are the committees in
charge: J. Salomon, president; Frank
B. Connolly, vice president; J. T. Hur
ley, chairman finance committee; T. H.
Corcoran, chairman reception commit
tee; J. M. Sullivan, chairman commit
tee on badges; J. P. McGuire, chairman
games committee; J. M. Sullivan, floor
manager; William Ring, chairman la
dies' guessing contest; H. Methmann,
chairman bowling alley; D. F. Keefe,
chairman members' and clerks* draw
ing; G. B. Doyle, chairman members'
target shooting; E. Lackmann, chair
man wheel of fortune.
Arrested on Serious Charge.
Cornelius D. Regan, 21 years of age;
Frederick Walthers, 20 years of age;
Henry Suhling, 22 years old, and Fred
erick Mahler, 19 years old, were arrest
ed yesterday by Detectives Fitzgerald
and Graham and Policeman MacPhee
on a serious charge preferred against
them by Mrs. Lettie Brown. Mrs.
Brown was returning from a dance on
the Mission road, on Sunday night with
a man named Orrin Nye, when, she al
leges, she and her companion were
dragged from a buggy and she was
maltreated by the four men.
Big Redwood Contract.
Local lumbermen are deeply interest
ed in the news given out yesterday that
a San Francisco concern has received
the contract for supplying the redwood
lumber for a new water plant soon to
be installed by the city of Lynchburg,
Va.The contract calls for 2,000,000 feet
of wooden pipe/ and is the largest con
tract : of Its kind; ever placed, with a
firm west of the Rocky Mountains.
The United Garment Cutters' Union '
has received its charter f rom * the
Eastern headquarters. The local union
will be numbered 45, with headquartera""
at 32 O'Farrell street, and will be al
lied with the San Francisco La.bor
Council. The following officers were
elected and installed at the meeting
last night: President, .Edward Corpe;
vice president, George Frederickson;
recording secretary. Edward Morgan;
financial secretary, Hugh Foley; treas
urer, Richard Corpe; guide, William
Corpe; sergeant-at-arms, Frank Han
ley. .
Saturday night, August 20. has been
set apart for a house warming social,
with the following committee of ar- .
rangements: Charles Wiseman, Otto
Meade, Julius Harris, Emll Aceret and
James O'Connor. ". •
A new organization known as the
Union Label League has been formed,
with the following officers: President.
G. W. Toyne; vice president. J. B;
Lewis: secretary, W. T. Allen. Presi
dent Toyne has also been elected as a
delegate to the national convention of
the Carpenters' arid Joiners' United
Brotherhood of America, which will
convene in Milwaukee next month.
New Labor Unions Formed.
Several Candidates In Field, bnt Mayor
Says Fortunate One Has Not Yet
Been Mentioned.
Applications for the vacant school
directorship continue to be filed with"
Mayor Schmitz, the latest aspirants
for the place being Madison Babeock,
ex-Superintendent . of Schools'. Dr.
Joseph Poheim, present member of
the Health Board, besides David J«
Oliver Jr., Thomas E.. Atkinson, Civil
Service Commissioner Rogers and Al
bert M. Armstrong 1 , who have already
been mentioned.
The Mayor said yesterday that he
had not as yet considered any names
for the appointment and would not do
so until he had conferred with School
Director Iloncovieri. Furthermore, the ;
Mayor gave out the comforting assur
ance that the man who would most
likely receive the appointment had riot
been mentioned as yet by the wiss.
ones who are busy guessing the pros
pective appointee.
NO SEIiECTION YET FOR
NEW SCHOOL* DIRECTOR
Yesterday afternoon the Provisional
Regiment, arrayed in service uniforms,
was reviewed by Colonel Pitcher on
the parade ground before the Pre
sidio. The men made a fine appear- •
ance and although composed chiefly of
rqcruits behaved like seasoned men •
during the evolutions.
The band of the Thirteenth Infantry
arrived yesterday morning from Fort
McDowell and will proceed to Camp
Atascadero with the Provisional Regi
ment and the band of the Twenty
eighth Infantry on August 8.
The following officers registered at
army headquarters, Department of •
California: Lieutenant Charles C.
Billlngslea. general hospital. Presidio: '
Major Albert Barnltz. retired, 2101"
Ellsworth street, Berkeley.
The proceedings of the court-martial
headed by Colonel Charles Morris still
continue at the Presidio. Yesterday
morning was spent In trying the minor
cases of privates for- garrison offenses
committed at Fort Baker and Fort
McDowell.
.Minor Cases Heard — Provisional Resl
ment and Bands Preparing to
Leare for South.
COURT-MARTIAL. STIXIj
IX SESSION AT PRESIDIO
"Twin" Sullivan was the main event
yesterday afternoon out at Jack Mun
roe's training camp. When the sports
learned the "Twin" was carded to put
up his mitts, they all hied themselves
to the beach in order to get a line on
the latest from New York and also to
watch Jack Munroe go through his first
day's work.
Munroe started In by pulling the
weight machines a little and taking a
few hard wallops at the punching and
the sand bags. He worked up a good
perspiration and felt just like going
a few rounds when Sullivan got ready
to mix it some.
The pair started in easy and worked
up gradually till they began to land
a few hard ones toward the end of the
second and last round. Sullivan showed
himself to be a shifty one and a man
who knows how to give and take a
punch. He- has a good wallop in each
hand and was always ready to mix
it with the miner when the pair came
to close quarters.
Andy Gallagher took on the miner
for. iwo rounds. Andy danced around
and shot in an occasional punch now
and then. The miner was always
watching, however, and he was there
with a few quick comebacks. He
landed a couple that made Andy wince,
and his work showed the long rest has
not made him as rusty as some were
led to believe..
¦ Gallagher and Sullivan also donned
the mitts for a round and the specta
tors liked the go so much that a de
mand was made for more. Munroe
took Sullivan for a swim, and the pair
went out bo far that the crowd thought
they had been swallowed by sharks.
Munroe is playing the swimming game
pretty strongly. He spends much time
in the water and many of the knowing
ones think he is liable to overdo this
stunt.
The miner will continue to box and
will go through his regular work every
day now till he is ready to face Jef
fries. He probably will retain Andy
Gallagher and Sullivan as his sparring
partners. Trainer in Chief Tim Mc-
Grath ha? abandoned the idea of col
lecting ambitious young men to don
the mitts with the miner. He has
come to the conclusion that a couple
of fast boxers is all that is needed to
give the miner practice.
JEFFRIES IS AFTER DEER.
Tlie Biff Champion In Still in the Wilds
of Lake Comity.
HARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. 2. —
Jeffries is not expected to return from
his hunting trip until 'Thursday.
Owing to the fact that the big fellow
i3 inclined to be somewhat careless
every one will be relieved when Jeff
returns unscathed.
Billy Delaney returned from San
Francisco yesterday afternoon and al
though Jeff left during his absence
Delaney fully approves of the cham
pion's trip in quest of game. Tne
veteran trainer feels confident that
two weeks' work will put the cham
pion in fine form. Upon Jeff's return
the hard work will begin in earnest.
Delaney ia partial to several days'
tramp in the hills as a great condi
tioner.
Mrs. Jeffries has gone to San Fran
cisco on a visit. Her charming per
sonality has won her a host of friends
during her sojourn here.
ROSENFELD SUES PIONEER
AUTOMOBILE COMPANY
Complaint Filed and Taken Out by
Attorney — Other Actions to Be
Besrun To-Day. *
Yesterday afternoon a suit for an
injunction was filed by Attorney "Wat
son for Max Rosenfeld against the
Pioneer Automobile Company and a
moment later, after the complaint had
been given its proper number in the
files; it was removed, ostensibly for
presenting it to one of the Superior
Judges for an order. Neither the
complaint nor the order was returned
to the County Clerk's office up to clos
ing time last evening and the allega
tions in the suit could not be learned.
Mr. Rosenfeld last night said that
he contemplated several actions
against the automobile concern and
that they would all be filed within
twenty-four hours. He professed not
to know which suit had been started
by his attorney yesterday or why the
complaint had been removed, unless
perhaps the particular point Involved
had been settled.
Rosenfeld indicated that the publi
cation of the matter might defeat the
ends of justice in giving some person
not named a chance to leave the city.
The nature of the suit filed and of the
others contemplated he declined to
reveal.
WILL NOT PROSECUTE BOY
WHO ROBBED HIS TILL
Storekeeper's Heart Is Softened by
Tale That Coin Was Given to
Blind Man. .
T. J. O'Connor, who has a book
store at 214 Fourth street, reported to
Policeman T. F. Flood on Monday
evening that Charles Meister, a boy
12 years of age, living at 315 Tehama
street, had taken a $20 gold piece
from his till while his back was turn
ed about the noon hour. O'Connor ac
companied the policeman to the resi
dence of the boy's father. The boy
was Questioned and he admitted tak
ing the gold piece.
"What did you do with it?" asked
the policeman.
"I- went up to Market street," re
plied the boy, "and gave It to a poor
blind man, who was sellingr pencils."
The thought of the poor, blind man
brought- teara to the boy's eyes.
The policeman wanted to put the
boy under arrest, but O'Connor was
so moved 'with his tale that he abso
lutely refused to prefer, a charge
against him. No arrest was made.
BEAT HIS AGED MOTHER.— Mrs. Lillian
Collins. 1010% Hyde street, secured a warrant
from Police Judge Cabanisa yesterday for the
arrest of her son, F. R. Collins. 30 years of
age. on a charge of disturbing: the peace. Mrs.
Collins said that her son was In the habit of
btating her and that on Monday night, when
she asked him to leave the house, as she
desired to sell It. he struck her and raised
a , disturbance. As there were no witnesses
to the assault the charge of disturbing tbe
seace was made.
First ba»e on errors — San FYandeco 1, Oak
land 1. First bas« on railed balls— Off Jones
6. off Buchanan 2. l«eft on basses — Pan Fran
cl«co 10; Oakland 9. Struck out— By Jonea 4,
by Buchanan 2. Double play* — Waldron to
Miller; Hlldebrand to Gorton. Time of game —
1 h<;ur and 45 minutes. Umpire — O'Oonnelt.
San Francisco — 1 Oakland —
AB.R. H. T.A. . . AIi.lt. H. P. A.
-MlIIer.2b 4 10 4 3!FYanks,» 4 112 1
.Wldm.cf 5 0 0 3 lifianUr.rf 4 0 110
Hldbnd.lf 4 0 13 1 Dnlvy, cf 4 12 0 0
Meany.rt 4 O 1 3 0 Streib, lb. 4 1 2 11 0
Twnsd.ib 4 ff 1 2 0 Krujr.cf 3 0 14 0
Irwin.3b. 4 0 11 0!Devrx,3b 3 1113
Fwain.s.. 4 0 11 2 l Bymes.e. 0 0 0 2 0
Gorton. c. 4 0 2 6 liM^Kn-^b 4 0 0 0 4
Jones.p. 2 t) O 2 lJBuchan.p 3 0 10 1
•Barber. .1000 0
Totals. 23 4 9 27 0
Total*. 36 1 7 24 9 1
•Batted fcr'Jone* In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Can FVancieco ...10000000 0^ — 1
Base hits 1 1 110 0 1 1 1 — 7
Oakland 0 0 O 30 0 1 0 x — 4
liace hlte 1 O 1 3 1 1 2 0 x— 9
",--¦-..-;; . STJMMARY.,
\ Error* — Miller, Townrend, Irwin, Frajieki.
IVvereaux. McKune. Stolen bai=e» — Gorton 2,
Francks, Gar.ley, Ijunleavy. Three-base hit —
Dunleavy. Two-base hits — Irwin. Franoka,
6treib. Sacrlflce hits — Devereaux, FTancks.
¦ The Commuters mixed It with Uncle's
men yesterday at Idora Park, Oakland,
' and the home team proved to be Buffer
ing still from that ancient 4 to 1 score. ,
They could not get away from it. They
made one in the first inning and then
<jult, while Oakland annexed the cx
.tra three easily, principally with the
aid of passes and errors.
Buchanan should have made it a
blank, but an error by Brick Devereaux
" in* the opening round g-ave Uncle his
• mite. Jones had no control nor could
• he deceive the Oakland batsmen when
runners 'were on the bases. Neither
team played good bail, Dunleavy's
clever work in the left garden being the
only feature to * outshine the rough
work. - t
Miller was passed by Buchanan in the
first round, and Hlldebrand popped up
¦ "a Texas leaguer" to right field. On
this the Rabbit sped around to third,
and came in when Brick Devereaux
: - made a wide throw to first after receiv
"ing" Ganley'e throw of Hilde's hit.
."•The lead was maintained till the
fourth, when the Commuters began to
"strike their prait. Dunleavy inaugurated
.the rally -with a three-baser to center.
"Streib brought him* in by rapping the
bait over second. Devereaux hit and
. Byrne? walked, filling 'em all up. Mc-
Kune lined a hot one to Miller and the
Rabbit quickly rut off Byrnes at sec
.ond. He whipped the ball to first, but
ircKune' just nosed it out. Then Jones
.•and Gorton began to make a roar to
• the umpire. While they were engaged
•in showing him where he was wrong
• Devereaux -stole in from third amid the
rear from the Oakland fans.
Francks • bumped the ball for two
Eacks in the seventh, and started to
• steal while Ganley was at the bat. The
hit and run signal was passed, but
.Ganley failed to hit, fanning on a wide
¦<5ae. Francks, however, kept on travel
ing and .came in when Irwin allowed
Gorton's low throw to go through him
anQ aw&y out to left field.
Uncle tried out Shortstop Charles
Swain, from the San Jose bush league.
The youngster has the size and the
physique,, but he looks a trifle slow on
bis p'ins for short. He was a bit
nervous with the stick, though in the
¦ ninth round, he rapped out a pretty sin
i gle to center.
Jack O'Connell umpired his first game
here thjs season, and the fans gave him
"the Joyous salute when he stepped Out
into the middle of the lot. The score:
(Pacific Coast Learue.)
W. I* Pet. I W. I* Pet.
BeatUe 6 2 .714 Oakland ... 3 4 .42»
Ta^ptna ft 2 .714 Portland ... 2 5 .25.6
L».e Anccles. S 2 .714 San Fran... 1 tf .143
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Error* — Raymond, Drwinan. Et»elman (2),
Castro, Shea. Roach, Thielman, McLaughlln,
Eagan, Hogan, Graham, Overall (2). Earned
runs — Portland 1, Tacoma 2. Sacrifice hits —
U'-ck, Hogan. Stolen ba*es — Steelman, Doyle,
Is'adeau. Bases on balls — Oft Overall 2. Struck
out — By Reach 13, by Overall 16. Two-base
hits — Casey, Nadeau. Three-base hits — Nadeau,
Sttelman. Double plays — Casey to Hogan.
Cayey to Jiogan, Shea to Beck to Castro to
8hea. Graham to Caeey, Sheehan to Uogan to
Bheehan. Passed ball — Shea 1. Time of gamt
— Three hours and fifteen minutes. Umpires —
Butler and Thoman.
SUMMARY
Portland 0 00101001000000— S
Base hits...O 202 0 101120010 1—11
Tacoma 2 1 00000000 -0 0OO 1 — 4
liase hits... 2 2100010 110010 2—11
AB. R. H. P. A.! AB. R. H. P. A.
nas-md.ff 0 0 13 4 Doyle, rf. 7 12 3 0
McCde.rf 7 0 13 l;Shehn.3b 6 0 0 2 6
Nadau.lf 7 2 3 2 0 McLffn.lf 6 0 12 0
Heck.lb. 6 0 2 11 4 Eaftan.s. e 1 O 0 1
Drnan.cf 6 0 12 0 Ljmch.cl 0 0 3 1 V
Ptlm,3b-c fi 1 S 7 3 Cas«ey.2b 6 2 2 4 4
raFtro,2b 5 0 0 3 0 Hopan.lb 5 0 1 10 2
Hhea.c... S 0 Old I Grahara.c 6 0 1 17 3
Koach.p. 5 0 0 2 7 Overall.p 6 0 10 3
•Thlm.Sb 30011 •'
Totals. 54 4 It 45 18
Totals.53 3 1L-44 2*!
•Thlelman batted for Shea In the ninth ln
nicr.
IUTNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
The game itself was a long drawn out
pitchers* battle of fifteen innings, with
honors about even between Roach and
Overall. The fielding of both teams was
at times spectacular and at others
ragged. The score:
Tortland — . . , .Tacoma —
All went serenely until the last half
of the llfteenth, when McCreedie made
a long drive into right field. A specta
tor picked the ball up and threw it to
Casey, who in turn threw the ball to
third base, and McCreedie, who had
been coached to keep running by the
cry of '"blocked ball," was fielded out.
Portland immediately claimed the
run, but Thomas refused to allow it,
and declared McCreedie out. This in
cited the ire of the bleacheiites, and
they swarmed into the field after the
umpire's scalp like' an army of. ants.
Thomas headed for the gate. Seeing
that there was bound to be trouble
Manager Dugdale of Portland rushed
out into the field and either by a mag
netic power of pacifying: or his reputa
tion as a "rough-house" fig-hter suc
ceeded in making the spectators over
look the offense, and the embryo riot
ended in a fizzle.
PORTLAND, Aug. 2.— The Portland
fans became enraged this aXternoon
and came within an ace of sending
Mr. . Thomas, one of Alike Fisher's ar
tistic' twirlers, off the field In an am
bulance. McDonald, the regular um
pire, failed to appear at the appointed
hour for the set-to between Tacoma
and Portland, and Messrs. Butler of
Portland and Thomas of Tacoma were
electtd substitutes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEAL.DSBURG, Aug. 2- — Before
leaving for the East to-day. Ralph
Rose, the world's champion shot-put
ter, succeeded in throwing the 16
pound hammer during a private trial
the remarkable distance of 173 feet S'i.
inches, thus breaking the newly estab
lished world's record of 173 feet 4
inches, made by Jo-hn Flannlgan last
Saturday, by almost six feet. Rose
made a throw of 191 feet 1 inch about
two weeks ago.
Rose, who is only 19 years of age,
weighs more than 230 pounds, having
gained considerable weight since his
arrival on the coast.' He recently put
the 16-pound shot a distance of 47 feet
8 inches, which does not equal hi3
world's record of <8 feet 7 inches, but
beats his coast record of 43 feet 6\
inches by quite a margin. As he has
practiced but little with the shot, his
performance shows him to be in good
condition to go Into active training
for the St. Louts games, which he is
to enter as captain of the Chicago
Athletic Club's track team.
Special Dispatch to Th» C*ll.
Is En Eoute East to Take
Part in Olympian Games at
the St. Louis Exposition
Jeff's Next Opponent Will
Train Every Day From Now
Till the Eve of Battle
Overall Pitches Tigers to
Victory in a Hard Fought
Fifteen liming Contest
BEGINS TO W0EK HAED
SIXTH RACE— Purse S440; one mile:
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
15 to 1— Ivernla, 102 (Wilson)... 8 14 lift
4 to 1— Second Mate.lOO (Davis) 1 25 24
5 to 1— Mindora. 110 (Conley).. ft 3 1ft3 3
Time, 1:42ft. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. V. Able & Co.'s ch. m. (5) by Pt.
Leonards-Queenstown. Amorous 102, Ray 107.
Tony LeppinK 00, Nellie Bawn 07, Darnivan
102. Carley's Dream. 102, Edganlo 104. Detest
103, Little Corker 97, General Dlx 107, Vul
cain 107, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Purse $400; one mil* and
seventy yards:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fiji.
13 to 10 — Pretension, i)2 (McLgln) 2 1 ns 1 ns
1 to 5— Light Opera, 103 (Dvls) 6 2 ns 2 2
7 to 1— St. Paris, 05 (Austin).. & 3 ns 3 3
Time, 1:45ft. Start pood. Won driving. Win
ner, P. M. Clvlll's b. g. <Z) by Oriflamme-
Vanlty. Ulennevls 106, Cordova 00. Wall 100,
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Purse $600; thrws-yeax
olds and up; six furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2 — Hilee, 116 (Troxler) 4 11 In
* to 1 — Fulies Bergeres. »6 (r>avls) 5 2 3 2 hi
8 to 1— Mafalda, UO (Austin) 6 3 Ift3 n
Time, l:13Vi- Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. A. Elliott's b. g. (8) by Himyar-
Grace Lee. Otto Stlfel 111, Floral Wreath
108, Rebo 100, Operator 109, Commodore 103,
Juba 01, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse, $400:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St % Fin.
2 to 1— Woodlads. 103 (W.Wtsn) 3 2 ft 1 ns
5 to 1 — Bradcn, 103 (D.Austin). 1 1 ft 2 3
S to 5 — Red Leaf. 110 (Troxler). 2 3 2 3 3
Time. 1:14. Start good. Won driving.
Winn-er. B. Schreiber's b. c. (2) by Sain-Miss
Marlon. Colonel White 103. King's Trophy 103,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— One mlU and twenty
yards; purse. $400:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1— Scalper, 97 (W. Davis). S 9 2 1 nk
4 to 5— Buccaneer, 100 (Howll). 8 3 ft 2 ft
1 to 1— Clareraont, 106 (Foley).. 1 6 1 3 nk
Time, 1:04%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E, S. Gardner's b. gr. (3) by Quicklime-
Soubrette II. Fenian 97. Berry Hushes 100.
St. Agnes II 05; Dollnda 102. Arthur 100, Lord
Haven 95. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 2,— Hilee ran the
best six furlongs of the meeting, at the
Fair Grounds to-day, when he beat Fol
ies Bergeres and Mafalda. The time
was 1:13% and was the best of the
season. The' stoppage of the free gate
decreased the attendance, not more
than. 4000 being present. Summary: j
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-y ear-olds ;
purse, ?440:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ft Tin.
15 to 1— Voltage, 105 (Dickaon). 1 3 1%1 H
0 to 1— Nepenthe. 110 (Conley).. 3 1 % 2 ft
ii to 1— O.Burnett, 105 (Watsn). 6 4^31
Time, 1:02%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. O'Neill's b. f. (2) by Maxio-Elec
triclty. Sweet Swaar 106, Fay Sharp 10O, Leila
Hunter 110. Lady Lou 105, Bessie BTasHeld 100,
Water 10j, Telephone Belle 105, Annabelle Lee
100. Lady Sellers 110, Flying Fire 105, Elenika
110, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Jones Has No Command Over
the Ball and His Curves
' Look Good to Commuters
OAKLAND SCORES FOUR
Tim*. 1:47 1-5. ' Start rood. Won handily.
Winner. J. Arthur's br. p. (8) by Burlington or
Kingston-Forethought. ' Maud Miller 104, Free-
Bias 1)0. Mi Relna 104, Telephone 08, I). L.
Moore 107, Prince of Pllsen 107, Gracious 111.
Mr. Fnrnum 10«i, Montnelier 98, Jackfull 111,
Kllmorie 106. finished as named.
SIXTH -R ACTS — One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Bettfng. Hor»e. Weight. Jockey. St. ft Fin.
•5 to 1-^Fcderal; 108 (Lawrnce). 1 4^11
20 to 1— Excentral, 03 (Aubchn) 8 3 1 2 n
7 to 1— Don't Ask Me, 112 (Bell)15 8 13 1
7 to 1 — G.' Gown, 105 (Morrsn) . 7 2 13 2
Time. l:0S 2-5. Start cood. Won easily.
Winner, M. Jones* cl». c. by Albert-Balsam
Fir. Sincerity Belle 100, The Pet 100, Double
103, Maeic 104, Oleeman 103, Ralney B 100.
Webcrfields 10S, finished as named. Jade 105
bled.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; filing:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 1— A. Fir, 113 (Hoffler). 4 3 2 1114
10O to 1 — R Ree.se. 10a <Otls).. 9 5 12 3
FOURTH RACE— On« mile; three-year-olds;
put pe :
Betting. Hone, Weight. Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
7 to 5— Brancaa, 101 (Oliphant). 4 4 4 1 ¥t
11 to 2— E. of India, 104 (Felcht) 1 2 1^2 1V4
11 to 0— Mj.T.J.Carson.lOO (Knp) 3 3 3 :', 0
•Time. 1:43. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. William Gerst's ch. c. by Knight of El
lerslle-Bracket. Schoolmate 104, Robin Hood
ill. finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. & Fin.
4 to 1— Huzzah. 98 (Mclntyre).. 1 3 1 13
11 to . r >— Birehbroom 104 (Knapp). 2 2 2 2 4
6 to 2 — Bragg. 107 (Otis).: 3 lh 31
Time, 1:5."> 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, James Arthur's br. h. (5) by Her
mence-Complete. Port Royal 110, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six and a hnlf furlongs;
three-year-olds and up: celling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 0 — Jake Greenberg,123(NicoI) 1 1 1V41 2
4 to 1— Olympian. 128 (Domlnick) 6 2 3 2 2
13 to 1— Jim Hale, 125 (Bell).... 5 3h 3n
Time, 1:22 3-fi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, L. V. Bell'B br. c. (4) by JuHen-Old
tilss. Mansard 124, Wenrlck 123. Duncan 118,
Watermelon 113 Emigre 120, Admonition 123,
La Chaperone 110, Lobbyist 118. finished as
named.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Huzzah, the out
sider in the handicap at a mile and an
eighth, the feature event of the Har
lem card to-day, made a show of his
field in the stretch after trailing last
all the way. At the wire he had three
lengths advantage over the favorite.
Birchbroom, which beat Bragg ¦ four
lengths for the place. Port Royal, the
only other starter and equal second
choice wfth Bragg, ran out at the far
turn and again turning into the stretch,
losing whatever chance he may have
had.
James Arthur and his friends made
a killing on the winner, backing him
from G to 1 to 4 to 1 at post time,
although at this price he was still the
longest shot in the race. Birchbroom
opened at 3 to 2. but drifted to 11 to 5
and was still the choice. Port Royal
opened at 2 and went back to 13 to 5.
making, him equal second choice with
Bragg, which was backed from 4 to 1.
The track was fast, the weather clear
and warm and the attendance good.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-old maidens; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— The Novice 107 (Felcht)..5 13 lh
6 to 2— Cutter, 112 (S. Bonner). . .4 2 li 2 2
18 to 5— Kate Zitt, 107 (Knapp)... 1 4 1 3 V* ¦
Time,' :S5 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Thomas Hitchcock's b. f. by Ham
burg-Sleter Stella. Sii-s Lee 104. Mnry Eleanor
112, Janeta 112, Ethel Day 112. La Sagitte 107,
Augusta Victoria 107, Gretchen Hope 104, Ra
viana 112, The Lorelei 112, Emma Perkins 107,
St. Bonnie 103. Plrabella 107, Vlrogna 107, fin
ished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; handicap; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to &— Delhi. 112 (Redfern) 2 13 11*4
7 to 1— Grey Friar, 09 (Phillips) 1 2 1^2 10
SO to 1— Fort Hunter,107 (Wnly) 3 3 1^3 h
Time, 1 :37 3-C. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, J. R. Keene's br. c. by Ben Brush-
Veva. High Chancellor, Hamburg Belle, Gold
Money, Ivnnat finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Sir furlongs; purse; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey.; St. «4 Fin.
0 to 6— Orly II. 107 (O'Nell) 2 13 15
8 to 1 — Aurumaster,107 (Cormk)ll 8 2 1
20 to 1 — Commonetta, 105 (Brns) 5 3 1 3 Y a
Time, 1:14. Start fair. Won easily. Winner,
J. A. Drake's b. g. by Orveito-EUy. Rawhide,
Adrutha, Jimmy Lane, Silver Foot, Bistre,
The Captain, Margaret O, Manru, Memphis,
Briery. Bliery, Rathbrlde, Allinda, Wayfarer,
Phantom, Barbay finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a. sixteenth
miles; the Mohawk Selling stakes; three-year
olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to 1— Hello, 107 (O'Nell) 2 . 2 1%1 2Vi
15 to 1— Champlain, 101 (Walsh) I'll 2 2
0 to 10— liobadll. IHJ (Sperling). t> 5 3h
Time, 1:. VI 4-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner, N. Bennlngton's b. c. by Poutlac-
Salutation, Reveille, M. Montebank, Dimple
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
malcien two-year-olds; purse:
netting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Cairngorm, 112 (Lyne).. 7 6 }£ lh
15 to 1— Slg. Light, 113 (H.I'hll) 1 1 h 2 %
11 to 20— Pr. Hamburg, llliLShaw) 3 3 1 3 1
Time, 1:08. Start lair. Won driving. Win
ner, S. Fagefs b. c. by Star Kuby-Linda Vista.
Sinister, Ulenecho, Allumeui, Yorkshire Lad,
Saulsberry. King Cole finished as named.
SECOND ItACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting-. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin. 5
IV to 1— Ascetic, 109 (CrimminB). 2 11 1 lVii
6 to 1— Allan, 103 (Cormack) 3 2^21.
4 to 1— Requlter, 101 (H.Philllpii) 4 4 3 3 % .
Time, 1:4'J. tjtart good. Won easily. Win
ner, Milton Stable's ch. c. by Falsetto or
Henry Young-Sunshade. Mackey Dwyer, Tre
pan finished as named.
SARATOGA, Aug. 2.— Of paramount
interest to turfmen to-day was the per
formance of J. R. Keene's Delhi in the
last race of the day, a handicap at one
mile. Uoon his work in this race de
pended his chances of winning the 550,
000 Great Republic on Saturday, in
which he will meet Hermis, Waterboy,
Mercury, Knight Errant, Bryn Mawr,
Grey Friar, St. Valentine and possibly
The Picket.
In to-day's race Delhi met Hamburg
Belle, Grey Friar. Fort Hunter, Gold
Money, High Chancellor and Pennant.
There was a decidedly heavy plunge
on Hamburg Belle at the last moment,
causing Delhi's odds to recede.
At the start Hamburg Belle was 'last
away. In his anxiety to make up lost'
ground Jockey Lyne made too much
use of his mount, in addition to which
he ran into a pocket . directly on the
heels of Fort Hunter and Grey Friar,
causing him to take Hamburg Belle
back for a moment. By this time Del
hi's lead was some three lengths, 'and
it now seemed hopeless for Hamburg
Belle. The light-weighted Grey Friar
kept pegging away, and as the field
turned into the stretch partisans of
Delhi began to manifest great uneasi
ness, as Redfern seemed to be riding
him hard. Iledfern whipped the colt,
but Grey Friar steadily gained. The
best he could do, however, was to go
to Delhi's neck. Summary:
-FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds ; puree:
Betting. Horse, Weight., Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
li to "Jit — McChord. 114 i Martin) ¦• 2 1 lVsl h
S) to Jack Lory, 114 (OUomj.. 3 2 h 2 1^
40 to 1— Broadcloth. 110 (Burns). 1 3 4 31
Time, 1:07 4-ft. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. E. Alvey's ch. c. by Gotham-Addle
Me. Hot Shot, Caper Sauce finished as named.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
ALSO HANDY WITH SHOT
New York Middle -Weight
Is the Star Attraction at
Miner's Training Quarters
DUGDALE MAKES PEACE
Thomas of Tacoma Acts as
Indicator Man and Incurs
Wrath of Portland Fans
James Arthur, Owner of
Huzzali, Makes Big Win
ning on Horse's Victory.
Hilee Euns a Fast Six
Furlongs at St.
Louis.
During Practice He Hurls
the Sixteen-Pound Ham
mer an Incredible Distance
After the First Inning No
More Runs Come In for
Uncle .Henry's Ball Team
Son of Ben Brask Is Fair
cied for Saturday's
$50,000 Stakes.
MUNROE BOXES
WITH SULLIVAN
BUCHANAN HAS
NATIVES FADED
ATHLETE ROSE
IN GREAT FORM
UMPIRE FLEES
FOR HIS LIFE
KEENE'S DELHI DEFEATS HAMBURG BELLE
AND IMPRESSES TURFMEN FAVORABLY
PITCHER OVERALL STRIKES OUT SIXTEEN MEN IN FIFTEEN-INNING GAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 190*.
Trotting Races Postponed.
BUFFALO. N. Y.. Aug. 2.— Heavy
rains caused a postponement of the
Grand Circuit races scheduled for to
day.
COWES, Isle of Wight, Aug. 2.— The
Brynhild won the King's, cup to-day
after a drifting match in which many
well-known yachts, including Em
peror William's Meteor took part. The
Glory was second. The Meteor waa
the first to cross the line at the finish,
put was not placed owing to' time al
lowance.
King's Cup for Yacht Brynhlld.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 2.— Joe Corbett,
the former SL Louis pitcher, who was
released by President Robinson Sun
day, left for his home in San Fran
cisco to-day. Corbett stated that he
had completed all arrangements to
play with the San Francisco club in
the Pacific Coast League and will re
port to Manager Harris for ; duty as
soon as he. regains his health and the
formal contract is signed.
Joe Corbett on His Way Home.
At a meeting in the gymnasium at
the Olympic Athletic Club last night
the following members were elected as
the regular nominating committee to
select officers for the club for the en
suing year: John D. Spreckels, J. a.
McGregor, John Mallon, Joseph E.
Derham and Charles J. Leighton. The
nominating speech .was/' made by Wil
liam F. Humphrey, who reviewed the
record of the club. William Greer
Harrison, the presiding officer, said
the club was $300,000 better off to-day
than it was six years ago.
Olympic Nominating; Committee.
Racing at Seattle.
SEATTLE. Aug. 2.— Summary at The Mead
ows:
First race. flve furlongs, selling— Swift
Queen won, Jlelar second. Light of Day third
Time. 1 :02.
Second race, five furlongs, selling— Lizzie
Rice won. Lecturer second, Crooks third
Time, 1:01 %. .. ,•
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Goldflnder
won. Frank Pearce second. Profitable third.
Time, 1:14 '/£.
6
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Just one trial at Babs &
Jules*. That's alL «
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Speaking of Quality/
|py|| Just Open a
t* nUJI |a ID H A TT 9
" 2 Bar si *^ ¦_ / m ¦ M^
KB BEER
'' }*%1' : Sl ' MILWAUKEE
Jm in ip'iySP^. There's wher« the
Ayi .grpn |:ijjl' i ' l p-t.-8ifflk quality a r g u ment
HUSH''*" ~"t J8» come» tn — It's In every
b ?.-*! iDDlaraa bottl « or k « *»•»
far «rc2Ss!r !: i2iamH3l *"ars the T5!atx" la-
W&& Hi ll ir -TiKS& r: ia **!• Order "B'.atx" for
IP H 5iiliH A th * sake oi your
ISjJjj ffj /VftEU '4 health — ar.d th» health
bHi Or/ vBflHM °* Tour family. Ev«ry
|gij;j ||%-/X*i§lKB bottl * «tertuxid.
PlriENE|§§Btaiz Malt -Vivine
v^£i$Jjfr--,fj!!hK% (Non-Intox.) Tor.tc.
I iilniWAUKi£L I BLATZ BHEWt CO.
»^Tm -"'—¦¦^Srd MILWAUKEE
L ' =fi^^B 8AM Brao tc °-
Wholesale Se&lera,
312 Battery St.
Tel. Main B839. Ban TnnoiMco.United States Coast and Geodetic • Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NQSC — The high and low waters) occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrcgraphlc Office, TJ. s. n. Mer
, chants 1 Exchange, San • Francisco Cal
Augu« 2. 1S04. f '
The Time Ball was not dropped to-day.
J.- C. BURNETT,
. Lieutenant, U. S. N., in Charge.
Time Ball.
Forty-Five I»cr Center Arrives.
The Brf.Ish ship Ems. which -left Calcutta
for Fiji 125 days ago and which was quoted
for reinsurance at 45 per cent, arrived yester
<Jty at her destination. The Kras' nlac- on
the overdue list was taken by the German
bar* Pioneer. The Pioneer was on the board
before, but vox taken off on the strength of
a reported speaking. She U now out 119 days
from Buenos Ayrts for Falmouth and yester
day was placed on the board, quoted at *"5
I>er cent. ;rT
Gardiner City Restored.
The baikrntfne Gardiner City, which was
dismasted and otherwise badly damaged at
Redosdo «ooie veeks ago as the result of be
inc driven under the wharf daring a heavy
Sonsebody <!rcr-prd a lighted cigar yesterday
b*reath the sidewalk adjoining the Oceaaic
fcteamship Company'* baggage shed on the
bulkhead st Paclflc-strfet wharf. The after
nuon bree/e kept the burring brand aJIve and
a formidable bla^e was in full acUon when
tli- smoke revealed Its presence. The prompt
a-.-Uon of Oaptnin H. L. Howard prevented
a eerlcus fire and saved ftiucn valuable prop
erty frctn destruction. The damare. which
was sllffht. was confined to the baggage room.
Cigar Starts a Blaze.
.. _ Tuesday. August 2
Ch L anneV u r rt 2l hi t°rip" arV ' y - fr ° m Saata Barbar *
: S tmr Alameda, Dowdell. 6 days from Hono-
Stmr Argyll. Gilboy. S day a 18 hours from
Hor.Glulu.
Stmr James S Higgina, Higgins, 3S hours
frcn. Port Los Angeles.
Simr Brooklyn. Johnson. 15 hours from Men
docii.o.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, 33 hours from 1
Coos Bay.
.<tmr Aztec. Harding. 44 days 13 hours from
Panama, via Ocos 11 days 19 hours.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rojrer*.
Stmr Porno, Jacob*, 12 hours from Albion
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Htmr Alcazar. Wlnkrl, 11 hours from Green
wood. _
Btmr Gualala, Kalnin. 12 hours from Boweni
Landing.
Stmr Ontralls, Erlckson, C9 hours from
Gray* Harbor, bound' eouth; put In to land
passengers.
Asuncion, Brldgett, 25 hours from Port
Harrord.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. 2C hours fm Eel River.
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs. 92 hours from Ta
coma. ;» J
E'.mr Margie. Cornirg. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Nor stmr Titar.ia. Foyer, 100 hours from
Nan a I mo.
Schr Sehotne. Matlsen 8 days from Grays
Harbor. . .
Schr ChaHenger, Anderson, 5'£ d> .'s from
Coos Bay.
Schr Abbie, Larsen, 24 hours from Timber
Cove.
Tug Dauntless, Shea, 37 hours from Siuslaw
River.
CLEARED.
• '¦ Tuesday. August 2.
«, V. tr H. r «'oninna. Swanson, Eureka; Pac Coast
S S Co.
Stmr Bonita. Preble. San Pedro and way
ports; Pac Coast S S Co
Stm . r I^'lanaw, Munroe.' San Pedro; Michi
gan S S Co.
No £ 6t . ir I Tellus, Arntzen, Ladysmlth; West
ern Fuel Co.
Schr Carrie and .Annie. Ekren. Ponape. Caro
line Islands; AmerlcaTr- Board of Foreign Mis
sions.
SAILED.
htmr F A Kilburn. Thompson. Port Rogers.
fitmr Pomona Swanwn, Eureka
fitmr Whitesboro. Olsen. Point -Arena.
Stmr Gipsy. Gray. Santa Crua
Stmr James S Higgine. Higgins' Fort Bragg
Stmr Centralla. Erlcsgon, San Pedro
Stmr Leelanaw, Munroe San Pedro
Stmr Del Norte, Payne,' Crescent City
.'Stmr .'Cells. Nordberg. Albion
Stmr Greenwood. Walvig Albion
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzen. Ladysmith
Bktn Arago, Semsen, Mukilteo.
Bchr Bender Brothers. Wetzel. Ktuslaw River
Schr Aloha. Butenshon. Seattle
Schr Carrie and Annie. Ekren. Ponape, Caro
line Islands.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOB— Auk 2. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles an hour
SPOKEN.
Per ftmr Alameda from Honolulu — July 30
ARRIVED,
Slumping Intelligence.
BLACK PLEADS NOT GUILTY.— John
Biack pleaded not guilty in Judge Dunne's
court yest?nlay to two charges of assault to
murder, a charge of assault to rob and a
charge of burglary. When asked to plead
as. to a prior conviction against him for bring
ing stolen property Into the State he remained
dumb and the Judge ordered a plea of not
guilty to be recorded. Black attempted to r>b
the till in Robinson & Knox's grocery. SIS
Valencia street, on March 12. and fired a
shot at Knox. He held up Elhannon J. Treese
on March 20 and fired a shot at him when
Tiee.se resisted, wounding him in the hand.
Biack's trial was set for August 12.
Bagcaje transferred to and frcm all trains,
steemets. etc., at low rates. One trunk (»tn
glc trip) C5 cents; round trip JO cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 30S Taylor St.. 650 Market
ft.. Oakland Ftrry D^t'^t. Phone Exchange 4(5*
Notice to Passengers.
TO ARRIVE. i
Steamer. From. | Due. !
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. 'Aug. 3j
Cheb-Uis San Pedro I Aug. .1 ]
S. Mcr.lca. San Pedro Aug. 3 i
NorthFork.. . Humboldt Aug. 3
Corona Humboldt Aug. 3
Oregonlan • New York |Auj?. :! !
Montara | Seattle lAup. :{ !
Coronado i San Pedro I Aug. 4|
Kodondo San Pedro Aug. 4'
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 4
Newport Mew York via l'simmt,. Au.<. 4 ;
Queen I^uget Sound Ports !Aug. 4 !
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Pts.lAug.- 4 i
Point Arena., llendoclno & Pt. ArenalAug. 4 j
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pta.|Aug. 4 I
San Pedro, ...' Humboldt .Aug. 4 1
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. ft \
O. Dollar.... Grays Harbor Aug. 5i
Elisabeth Coqullle River |.\ug. 5!
N'ewburg «Jrays Harbor IAur. Kj
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 6
Pomona. Humboldt Aug. 6 1
Doric China & Japan .Aug. 6
Rafnses Seattle Aug. 7 i
Argo Eel Ri\er Ports !Aug. 7:
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Aug. 7 j
Donita .' Newport & Way Ports. Aug. S '
State of Cal.. Pan Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 8 |
Breakwater. . Coos Bay |Aug. 8 j
Ventura t Sydney & Way Pcrts.JAuR. S
laqua 'Seattle lAug. 8|
Porno | Point Arena & Alblcn.. Aug. fl
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Aug. it,
Rainier Seattle & Eelllngham.. Aug. !» ,
St. Paul. Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 10
City Peking.. New York via Panama. JAug. 10
Aurolla Portland & Astoria |Aug. 10 ,
S.Barbara... Seattle & Olympia |Aug. It '
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria |Aug. 12 :
TO SAIL.
Steamer. - Destination. Sails. Pier.
Aug-UEt 3. j • '
Chico Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2'
Chehalis... Grays Harbor .'I pm Pier 2.3
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 20 i
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2 1
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2'
Arctic Humboldt ]I2 m PUr 2i
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier «'
Bonita Newport & Way...| 9 am Pier>fP!
Augrnst 4. [ !
Breakwater Coos Bay | 5 pm Pier 8\
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10 i
Redondo... Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2 '
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2 '
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11 j
G. I-lndauer Gray* Harbor. pj er j
Homer Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2 '
Ban Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2 '
, Ausrust 5.
Alliance.... Eureka & Cooa B.I Pier 16
Corona..... \Humboldt 11:30 p Pier 9
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Augrust 6.
Eureka.... Humboldt ........ 9 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
China *. China & Japan.... l pm Pier 40
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Alameda... Honolulu it am Pier 7
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
August 7. . •
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
Coos Bay...' San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Curacao....! Mexican Ports. 10 am Pier 11
Arcata. jCoos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 1.1 '
S. Rosa..... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
j Ansrust 8.
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30pPIer 9
August 9. j
Marlposa... Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
Newburg... Grays Hatbor 4 pm pj er 10
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm pi er ia
August 10. \
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amIPier n i
August 11. 1
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPier "0
Aujrust 13. [ • "
Ramses.... Hamburg & Way. . 12 mlPler 19
Rainier.... Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pmlPier °
. Auruit 13. I • "
Newport... N. Y. via Panama. |12 m| Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE 1 '
Steamer. , Destination. Sails. '
Alkl....: Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 3
City Seattle.. Skagway St. Way Ports. Aug 3
Farallon... .. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug 5
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael. .. Aug <J
JtffcMon..... Skagway & Way Ports. lAug. 6
Humboldt.... Skagway k Way Ports. |Aug 6
Oregon....... Nome & St. Michael... Aug 10
r Bertha Seldovia & Way Porta. Aug. 10
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward..... . Aug. 12
Garonne..... Nome direct I Aug 15
Santa Ana... Seldovia & Way Ports.. [Aug. IS
1:6.471 rt lumber, 072 pkgs assorted canned
=codp, 5137 lbs rice, 31 cs meals, 2238 Ids
Leans. 35<K> lbs dried fruit. J4<K> lbs sugar, 1206
lbs 3 cs bread. 40 pier* lard. 11 ca drugs, 4
kits salmon, tn cs coal oil, 18 cs dry goods, 5
pkgp machinery, 112 bxs eoap, 16 pkgs paints
andrjMls, 2 tdls wire, S druaii carbide, b pkgs
P«P«'. !•» pkKs nails. S4 bdls ehlnglee. 6 epar*.
- ooTTs ro\*. 3 bdls iron, 6 bdls millwork. 1 cs
r.ai5.
The Fchconer Carrie and Ar.nie was cleared
yesterday for the Caroline Islands with an as
sorted cargo, valued at $6432, and Including
the f^Jlowing:
The Fhip Fcrt Georga (at Honolulu) Is char
terod for razxr, thence to Xew York.
The schooner \Y. .H. Marston return! tc
Honolulu with reneral cargo.
•¦
i:.\ports for Oennan Oceanica.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
.Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Movements of Steamers.
The British ship Red Rock, bound from
Portland fcr QneeostOwa, has. put into Monte
video for stores. Her captain reports that on
March "0 tlv vessel was thrown on her beam
ends, causing the cargo to shift.-
Thrown on Beam End«.
Missionary Schooner Clears.
The missionary schooner Carrie and Anni
oleart-d yesterday for the port of Ponape in
the Caroline Islands.
CajHain J. C. Hanscn, of the brig TV. G.
Irwin. r-cllfd'd witi a streetcar yesterday at
First and Market streets. At the Harbor
IlpepltaJ it »ts found that the skipper had
sustained palnfu! ecntrslons of both kne^*,
abrasion* of the less and a bad sprain of the
right ar.klo.
Collides With Street Car.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3.
Sufi rises r>;H
Sun sets TU • 7:17
Moon rises «cT- 11:00 p. m.
3 ITimo' |Tlme| lTime| |Timej
» ! Ft. I 1 Ft. i 1 Ft. | ! Ft..
• III Wj |L V'l \H W\ |L. W|.
~3 3:491 3-5| 9:34 2.0| 4:20j 5.O;ioi57| 1.8
4 5:02i 3.4110:25 2.2 5:03| 5.1! !
L. W |H W - |L W| |H W|
5 O:Ck)| 1.3, C:27 3.3ill:22| 2.61 5:52| 5.3
« 1:00! O.8! 7:«*>0 3.5)12:27 2.7 «:1C 5.5
7 ,1:53; O..T| 8:55 3.7 1:28 2.7 7M0| 5.0
8 2:40; — 0.2| 51:47 4.1] 2:27 2.7 8:36| 5.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the. tides
the early mornlnR tides are given In the left
hand column of the successive tides of the
day in order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column Klves the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of, the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precJe? the bei&ht. and then the number
Ifiven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the man
of the lower low waters.
• In e\^ry 'other respect the Ohio
pr.oyed herself equal to the exacting de
mands made uv.on her by the trial
board! She handled' like a yacht and
kri.swered her helm when going full
cpeed astern almost as perfectly as
Tvhen steaming straight ahead. She left
Fanta' Barbara at £:50 o'clock Monday
evening, and during the night encoun
•t^rtd a stiff head wind and high sea,
which. served to test her qualities as a
eea boat. She behaved splendidly, and
Captain Logan, v. ho is to command her,
eays she is as f.r.Q a battleship as ever
came off the Vays of an American snip
'yar<3.
That the Ohio can be made to fulfill
the 'speed requirement of the contract,
dnd even surpass it, is the unanimous
of all who participated in the
trial. The readjustment of some of the
rx&lvea and possibly a change of pro
peller* would be the only alterations
: necessary. " " "• .".
The ne\y battleshir) Ohio, in spite of
the fact that she lacked on her official
triil a fraction nf the speed for ¦which
lt»r contract calls, is said to be "all
right" in every respect. She arrived
-Jtsterday afternoon from Santa Bar
brirg. an.d is now anchored off the Un
ion Iron Works.
.' It has not yet been decided whether
or not the Ohio will be jriven another
trial. The expense .of taking the big
Bshtlcg machine to Sanla Barbara in
trial trim and putting her through the
kir.4' of paces a navy trial board ex
acts is abtjut $75,000. The amount of
penalty 'deducted I by the Government
from Jhe cost to offset the fractional
-shortcoming in the matter of speed
wiD be conriderably less than $75,000.
IVwouId be cheaper. for the Union Iron
AVorks to pay the penalty and turn
over the battleship to Uncle Sam, but it
may be decided to go to the greater
cost fcr the purpose of maintaining the
builders .prestige
,. u '- %v - Alward and wife, Mrs. E. C Bon.l
M. Bra?'h and *ir» t Miss <haffee Mary n'
t '* r V r ' «•• *i Davi '' 8 - T -»'« and thild and two
maids: W . F. Ui:l:rrhani. Mrs. S. K |- rlich
'Ti Ge^^ c and "ft** M:?s Orei-nfleld. Mr. and
Mrs. GrinFfad, O. Gi-unert and wife a J
fJignoux Ml5 S L; k. liart. J. F. Harkfeld'.
".,.."• C ?, hr " a - Mrs f. L. Hooe« and tin
(hlidrcn. Mifs K. Krow, Hr5. U. A. Marshall.
A. B. Nofsinter, B. O'Connor; n W. T Pur
vis, wife and two children; H. B. Rost, George
H. Robertron. t^e Misers Robertson, Mrs. J
A. Scott end dausfcur. Mlts .?. Soper II M
Slemons and wife. Mr*. L. A. Thurston and
three cliildren. O. G, Traphagen. E. J. Water
man, Master Brj-ritrom. J. Bowier and wife.
M^Ohrling. and two servants. . E. • Wll-
. •¦ .Th» Oceanic Steamship Cotr.pany 1 * liner Alii
rh^tJa". Capta'.n Uonrdell; &rrivc<5' yesterday from
.Jlor.olu'.u v.i-.h 25u and 1477 tons of
f»rso. The frtight Include* WK) caeea of canned
¦SAntVPX&e*. th- first frnits of IIonolulu-8 new
industry to b«- rhirr^I to the mainland mar
kt-t.- There vicre also .';0<>. pa ceases of heney
to M. l>iuls in nearch of porcbuen The
ire iph i also Included suj;ar. bananas pnd'ccfTee
. Among the linerV r^ss- liters were eorae of
moil rirominont , citizens. L. A
rr.hurBfjn. the owner of Honolulu Dallv
ac.t,rrpai»icd by tm u-.ft- and tnre»j
*-l isrtren. oame vv en the Aiarnetia. Mrs F
wlf * of xh t Pn^rtetor of the Hal
•"'¦•^n Star, wag al?o a liaafcengr-r T C
l^avies. a member of the firm of X. H. Davles
«r <-c., carr.e up on th» Alameda.
'narlV 1 "*' 1 "* " a - !>WR " rs tadnde« the followin?
LJnor Alameda Arrives.
lat 30 C9 N, long 140 49 W, U S etmr Dix,
hence July 26 for Manila.
July 30— Lat 31 52 X. long 140 49 W, stmr
Sonoma, hence July 2S for Honolulu and Syd
ney.
Aufc 1— Lat 34 61 N. long 131 29 "W. stmr
NV.adan. hence July 30 Tor Honolulu and Ka
liului
Auk 2— Lat 37 13 X. lonr \>i 3S "vV. pasjed
a four topmast schooner, bound northeast.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS RAY— Arrived Aug 1— Stmr Signal,
hence July 30. Aug 2 — Schr Ivy, hence July 13.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Aug 2— Bktn Ko
ha!a hence July 19.
Sailed Aue 2— Schr Soquel, for San Fran
cisco. • -.......
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 2. 6 a m— Stmr
Relnirr. hence July 28.
Arrived Aug City of Seattle from
Skngway.
SaiWd Aug 2— Firar Dolphin, for Skagtvay;
stmr Spoirane for SknRway
REDOXDO— Sailed A us 2— Stmr Coronado.
for San Francisco: ?imr San'.a Monica, for San
Francisco; r.oh r Columbia for Port Townsrnd
GRAYS HARBOR— Sallvd Aug 1— £chr Ori
ent, for San Francisco.
Sailed Aufr 1— Schr Guide, for Pan Francisco
I WESTPORT— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr West
pert, hence Auk I. ¦
SANTA BARBARA— Salfd Auff \ 2— U S
ftmiB Ohio, Annapoll?. Treble. Paul Jones',
Fortur- and l.'nadllla. for San Francisco; Etmr
Santa Flrca. for Kan Diego.
ELTBEXA — Arrived Auk '" — Stmr AlManc,
from Aetccrla via Coos Bay.
Sailed Auj 2— Stmr I*ho?nix for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Aus 2— Strr.r Kureka, hence Aug 1.
Sailed Aug '1— Stmrs Corona. Mandalay and
North Fork, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Auk 2— Stmr Geo W
Elder, h^nc? Juiy .tl.
Arrived Aus? 1— Stmr Francis H Le!?gett. fm
San Francisoo. i
SAN PKDRO— Arrived Aus 2— Stmr Coro
nado. from H»<londn; stmr Alcatrax, from
Greenwood; ?tmr Scotia, fm Bowens Landing.
Sailed Aur •_'— Stmrs Coos Bay, Samoa, Che
halls and Redomlo for S»n Francisco
SAX DIECO— Arrived Augr 2— Br eh'.p
E»l;aFonl. from Xevcastle. Aus.
Sailed A'lc L'— Stirs- Parp(1«ria. fcr'Eurcl-a
-; POP.T BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 2— Bktn
GoorKiana. from Port Townsend
I TATOOSH— Pa«sr.| in Aus 2-Schr Irene fm
I Astoria for Tacoma.
Passed out Aup 2— Ship Spartan, from Bel
' linehnm for San Francisco.
, BIUSLiAW Rivnn— Arrived Jr!y r,i_S"h'
Oakland, hence July 2.8. in tow of tvg Daunt
less.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARF. BREAKWATER— PasFod up
Aug 1— Ship Su«quehanna, for Philadelphia.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Ventura
from Sydney via Auckland.
Sailed Aug 2 — Stmr Ventura, for San Fran
cisco.
HILO — Arrived Aug 1— Stmr Enterprise he
July 23.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DOVER— PasFPd Aug 1— Ger »hlp Herzogln
Sophie Charlotte, from Leith for Honolulu
VENTXOR— Pftsi-ed Ju!v 31— Br fhfp Chil
tonford. from Shields for San Francisco
VICTORIA. B C— Arrivd Aug 1— Stmr C;ty
of Puehla. hence July 20.
Sailfd Aug 1— Stmr Queen, fcr San Fran
cisco.
FIJI — Arrived Aug 2— Br ship Ems, from
Calcutta I
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Aug 2— Stmr
Slorra hence July R.
OS^Kt— Sailed July SI— Schr Americana, for
Port Townsend.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Aug 2— Br ship
Acaman for' San Frnnclsco
VALPARAISO— Sailfd Auk 2— Ger «tmr Ni
oaria. from Hamburg and way ports for San
Francisco.
HAKODATE— Arrived Aug 2— Bktn James
Tuft, from Tsintail. V
OCEAN STEAMERS.
tt-^F "S^ORK— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Kaiser
vVIIbelm II, from Bremen; ptmr Italy from
Leghorn and Xaples; stmr Victorian' from
Liverpool.
Sailed Auk 2— Stmr Bovlc. for Liverpool;
stmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam via Boulogne
«tmr Pannonia. for Xaples, Trieste, and Flume-
J, f J" r Brp ™en. for Bremen via Plymouth and
Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Grosser Kerfuret from
Bremen.
CHRISTIANSAND— Sailed July 29— Stmr
Un'.ted States, for New York
¦ NAPLES— Arrived Aug C— Stmr Prlnz Oskar
from New York for Genoa
LONDON— Arrived Aufc 2— Stmr Mesaba, fm
New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr. Finland,
from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Kronprinz
Wilholrn. from New York via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Lake
Cha-nplain. for 'Montreal : Btmr Saxonla for
Boston via Queenstown. •
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Aug 2— Stmr
Noordland. from Philadelphia for Liverpool,
and proceeded.
Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Oceanic, from New
York for Liverpool.- and proceeded.
stcrm. has been repaired and rerirsed and
rhcrtly- will be ready again for e-rvice. In re-
Etcring the Gardiner City she has bjen placed
In the exact, ronditlon. as rar as spars are
oonc<?rnf<2. rs formerly and wlil ro to sea prac
tically a new vessel.
The- suit against the L. E. White
Lumber Company for cutting timber
on Government land was dismissed by
order of the Attorney General at
Washington, D. C, the company's of
fer of $275, the value of the timber
cut. having been accepted.
The following were reappointed ref
erees in bankruptcy for the ensuing
two years: A. P. Holland, Alameda;
R. M. Swain. Sonoma: Richard Belch
er, Yuba. Sutter and northern coun
ties; Milton J. Green, San Francisco.
T. H. Robeson, an aged and decrep
it man, who was charged with sending
a scurrilous postal card through the
mails," was discharged yesterday by
Judge de Haven on motion of United
States District Attorney Woodworth.
Robeson pleaded ignorance of the law.
His card was addressed to Moebius &
Drescher at Sacramento as "dealers in
scab goods."
Eugene J. Rosier, charged with
forging the name of J. W. Hart of this
c5ty to a postal money order and col
lecting $60 upon it, pleaded -not guilty.
On Saturday the case will be set for
trial. y
Discharges Decrepit Man, Who Sent
Post Card to a Finn Cnlling
Thorn Scab Dealers.
BARKENTINE GARDINER CITY. WHICH WAS DISMASTED AND OTHERWISE DAMAGED AS THE RESULT OF BEING
DKIVEN rxPERNEATH TKE WHARF AT HEPONDO. AND WHICH HAS BE7EN RER1GGED AND REPAIRED AXD
'IS NOW READY TO GO INTO COMMISSION AGAIN.
JUDGE »E IIAVI3X METES
OUT 3IERCY AND JUSTICE
SENTENCED FOR GRAND LARCENY. —
Alphonse Peterson, convicted on a charge of
grand larceny by a Jury In Judge Dunne's
court, was sentenced yesterday to serve five
years In San Quentln. There are two other
complaints againrt him and his attorney asked
that they be stricken from the calendar. The
Judge said he would tal;e the application un
der advisement. Peterson stole several shot
suns and rifles from a gun club In Solano
County on January 23 and iold them in this
city.
The heart of United States Immi
grant Commissioner North was touched
yesterday morning when Lew Ah Mon,
a pretty Chinese girl of 19 years, hung
about the neck of her father, Lew Fong
Yoo, and mingled hex tears with his.
The display of paternal and filial af
fection moved the Commissioner, and
he allowed the yellow maiden to be
landed.
Lew Ah Mon arrived at this port by
the steamship China, and her father
was waiting to receive her. It was said
that she had left this city, her birth
place, in 1900 and had remained In Chi
na ever since. But her photograph at
that age did not greatly resemble her
now and further proof was required.
She then said that while here she had
known an Irishman named Torn, that
he was florid o* complexion and fiery
of hair and beard. As the name of
Thomas Bethell, formerly a police ser
geant, was on her father's certificate
as one of the witnesses. Mr. Bethell was
sent for. He was then shuffled up with
about a dozen other persons and the
girl was brought into the room. She
at once identified Mr. Bethell as the
"Tom" sha had known, but she said
that she was not sure. Mr. Bethell said
that she looked about the eyes some
thing like the little Chinese child that
he knew. Then the girl's father was
shuffled up in a pack of a dozen other
Chinamen, and the girl at once threw
her arms around his neck and they
both wept for joy.
Commissioner North shed a sympa
thizing tear and Deputy Schell made a
transparent feint of blowing his nose.
Former Police Sergeant
L'Thonias Bethell Helps a
Native Daughter to Land
OLD SOLOMON MATCHED
Commissioner North Melts
Before 'a Tender Scene
Between Father and Child
CHINESE TEARS
MOVE A JUDGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 190*.
New Battleship Returns From Santa Barbara—To Maintain Prestige the
Builders May Ask (or a New Trial, but as the Deficiency Was Smpll
: it Will Cost Less Money to Pay the Penalty and Turn Her Over Now
OHIO'S LACK OF SPEED WILL NOT
KEEP UNCLE SAM FROM TAKING HER
7
OCEAy TRAVEL.
Steamers leave Broadway
/7,W=-^Q>v- wharves (piers 9 and il).
/T5w_ \<\ San FranCisco:
/4/ r5L»<ta| \-*\ For Ketchikan. Wricpl,
I I inkJTj* I I J uneau > Hainei. Slcaguay.
\ \ Ma^/X / / etc., Alaska— H a. m.. Au*.
VA. W JWy 3 - 8. 13. 13. 23. 23. Sept. 2.
Vys" >/(>/ Chai'ge to this company's
>^>Vs'HV?/ etfamen at Seatt.'a
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett
Btrllingham— 11 a. m., Aug. 3. 8. 13. 13. 23. Z\
Sept. 2. Change at Seattle to thla Cocanany'i
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at SeattU
or Taccma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Aug. 2 8, 14. 20. 28. Sept. 1; Corona.
l:3O p. m.. Aug. 6. 11. 17. 23 23, Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo). San L)!ego and Santa Barbar.— *
Santa Roea. Sundays, 0 a, m.
Stat* of California. Thursday*. 9 n. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cru*. Mon-
terey. SaivSImeon. Cayucos. Port Harford <3an
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Aug. 3. 11 19, 27. Sept ' 4
Coos Bay. 9 a, m.. Aug. 7. 15. 23. 31, -Sept. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del'
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. ra., 7th each raoi '
For further Information obtain folder. Right : •
Is reserved to rhaa«-p Ft»am<rs or sailing date*. ¦
T1CXET OTVXCES — ? New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace H»te!).lrt Market St., and Broad-
way wharves, rrelrht Oflc«, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Atent.
10 Ma«k.>t ft.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St., will-
call for and check baggage from hotel* and •
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. «=*. ST. PAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQTTIST "
(Carryinsr U. S. Mail«.) '
FROM PAN FRANCISCO DIRECT
THURSDAY, Aug. 18, 2 p. m.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers ror i
AH BERIXO SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company"« River «team<»r3
for Fairbank.* ard all points on KOTUKUK
TANANA *nd TUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
KORTTTBTtW COMMSTECIAL CO..
519 Crosyley building, ccr. Minelon and New
Montsorrery sts.. San Francisco.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Augi OJ11 A M
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. August 9. 11 A.M*
S. S. "VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Ang. IS. 2 P.M
J.D.SFSECZELS&BSOS. CO., AjfcJittetraiBEtiSif-
tet. Fieizit Piles 329 Mamt St., Pisr 7, PasiH; 11
COMPAOXIB 6Z5ZS1LS TaiK3ATLAirriQ72.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Inst-ad of 4Sj&ti
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. 1
North River, foot of Morton st.
First cla*s to Havre. $70 and upward. Seconi
class to Havre, *••"> and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOlt UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway tUudson building). ..e»»
Tork. J. F. FUQAZI &. CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 8 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets tol'l by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To V. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves 8. F.. foot of
Clay at., north end ferry bid*. — Week daya.
9:30 A. M.. 3 and •$ P. M.; Sundays. 9:^0
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week day».
6:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 3:30 P. M.: Sundays. 3
P. M. -2'c each way. Excursion ra:»»
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Marttnes.
GOc round trip. PIPER. ADEN. COODALfc
CO.. phone Mam 641. 'Saturday exceptad.
To V. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo. .
Stmrs. General Frlsble. Montlcello and Arrow. J
9:45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6. 8:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.):
Sundays. i:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7. 9 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6 p.m. (ex. Sun.): Sun-
days. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mis.
¦Ion street: phone MalnUSCS. HATCH BROS.
SJ&$®&&*M MEM ANDWOMEri.
'Af^MfvVEXiS^l Ci«Blg«forn»n»tnr»i
la 1 la * *»Tv\y dltch«ra»i.in3»ium»tion».
flm^f O<uuti4 «1 lrril»Man» or nlearmtieoi
a**D mat m ttri«t<r>. of moeoas tneinbrtnsa.
¦r**^ ri»»m» totif (»». r tli'iti*. and net aitrta*
B?atTtiEEU«C)l!WI£ilCa. c tat or poltonon*.
\g3f3L ei)Cl»lUTI.».K^a Oold »y DracxltU.
wgSL B.B.A. aZSt »r *»at la vUla wr»p?«r.
-fgSpW>fc rfffyVl by »l»re«». prepaid, for
SSH IS IHll'Jrir I 1 ¦ »100. or S bottles $3.74.
M Clrcnlmf t»nt oa teaoxt-
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FBE9S AITD SAZ.T BCD ATS.
I1C UnVEC It C(i Shipping Butchers. 108
JAN DUICj (X tU. clay. Tel. Main 1291.
_— -_— ~ .
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD ft ELLIS.
418 Front at.. 8. F. Phone Mala 1719.
PXINTi.Ha.
E. C BUOBESi y 811 Sansome Bt, S. P.
ADVEHTISEMEyTS.
SX/\XEA\ENX
—OF THE —
COXDITIOX AXD AFFAIRS
—OP THE—
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFOr.p, IN THE STATE OF
Connecticut, en the 31st day of De-
cember, a. D. l»o:t. and for the year ending
on that day. maite to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
th? requirements of section 613 of the Political
Code of said State:
ASSETS.
NVl ralup of Real Estate Owned
bv the Company $11,231.610 60
A»nount of Leans secured by Bond
onrl Mortsafj« on Reil Kstate.. 24,836.115 96
Amount of Ixians secured br
ple:lge of Uor.dd, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 30.000 00
rrrmpiin notes and loans In any
for:n taken In payment of pre-
miums on policies now In force. 577,521 21
Cash market value of all Stocks
anil Bonds own«d by the com- a
, » :an >" 2fl.339.e33 75
Amounv of Cash deposited In
Hanks 608.023 69
Interest due the Comoany and un-
, P a 'd 187.BK181
Interrst accrued but not due 713,245 70
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection, and of deferred
premiums 858,73244
Rtnts due and accrued 13,143 53
Totals Assets $£t.932,934 84
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death looses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
palU ?43.392 C3
Clalir* for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In procejs of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
d«« '• 203.1S300
Claims resisted by the Company.. 154,394 00
Liability on lapsed policies which
mav be surrendered 159 657 00
Xet oresent value of all the out-
standing pclJcles. computed ac-
cording to the Combined Expert- '
ence Tables of Mortality, with 4
per rent Interest 87,913,313 00
Amount of all ur.oald dividends to
jdicy holders 1.352.02S 05
All other Liabilities SS7.174 31
Total Uabllltle. 1 $60,303,112 29
INCOME.
Cash received for premium* on
new policies during the year $389.279 33
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 4.922.1C7 07
Cash received for Interest 2.402!llG63
Cash received for rents 531040 25
Cash received from all other
sources 16,663 01
Total Income $8,262, VI 29
EXPENDITURES. ~~~ ~
Cash r.ald for losses and mattered
endowments I4.696.075M
Cash uald to annuitants 11.203 57
Cash paid for. surrendered policies. 679,709 99
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders 1.359,81144
Commissions paid to agents 31*9,220 84
Salaries ard other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners.. 166,363 63
Salaries and travellnc expenses of
managers of agencies , 15,100 00
Medical examiners' feea and sal-
aries 22.13140
Ca«h pal i for taxes 422.645 28
("nail paid for rents • 43,003 20
AH other cash payments (speci-
fying) 813,07862
Total Expenditures during
the year $3,233,433 72
'"" PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT!
Premium notes and other premium
obligations fft beginning of th»
year $W1.S34 78
Premium notes and other premium ~
obligations received durinc the
r*«r 04333
Total #...._ 642.43018
Deductions durlnr the year as follows:
Amrunt of notes and other pre- •-.,_'
mlum obligations used la pay-
ment of losses and claims.... $13.943 90
Amount of notes and other pra-
relum obligations used In pur-
chase of surrendered policies.. 4,008 00
Amount of notes and other pre-
mium obligations used in pay-
ment of dividends to policy
holders SI, 720 81
Amount of notes and other pre-
mium obligations voided by
lapse of policies 819 00
Amount of notes and other pre-
mium obligations redeemed by
maker in cash..... 9,31724
m Total reduction of Premium-
Note Account ..... $64.90893
Balance, note assets at end of the
year • _ $377.621 21
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
HERBERT H. WHITE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of February. 1904.
NATHAN F. PECK. Notary Public
A. K. P. HARMON,
District Superintendent of Agencies,
. Booms 330-33 1-332 Mills Building.
¦ San Francisco, Cal.
¦ --¦'./....¦'¦..'....¦•'..y^ 03^ 15 j PRAGERS h^- PRAGERS. ..
I Expansion Clean-Up Specials j
I Every piece of merchandise advertised -is guaranteed this season's latest j
§ Women's Suits and New Some Big Values m Cream §
I Shirt WaisL Arrivals Dress Goods I
H XT OU will find excellent values here on ¥ "% FE have taken these special lines and re- H
H J handsome new garments. duced them so much that shoppers look- y
p SUITS. ing for bargains cannot resist them. B
1 $14.95 to *19.75_We are offering two lots of **- 38 -inch Cream Bedford Cord for children's §
i , L SUltS ' comprising nearly everv pretty mix- tJVU wea win wash and wear wcJ1 The regular 1
m ture shown this season; also plain colors and value 8~c a yard ' ¦
H blacks; some are Eton effects; others mili- O I flf\ Cream Crepe de Paris. 43 inches wid«; silk 1
1 l / r .y jackets; all splendidly made and handsomely i?I.VU and wool \ v prettv material for even- K
m finished: Reduced from $25.00 and $27.50. ing g OW ns. The regular value $1.25. ¦ "J
m SHIRTWAISTS. Cl (ifl 45 inch Storm Serge, for Children's Coats* B
H Qfip This Hut of waists comes in about fifteen dif- V l#vrvr Women's Skirts, etc., guaranteed shower B
jg */w f erent sfyi es ; some lovely lawns, all elabor- proof. Regularly sells for $1.25. E
j m ately trimmed, embroidery and lace and inserted in ¦ -^- .. . , _^ fl
I (P different patterns; others in fine Madras cloth l>Dlldren S DreSSeS • |»
; |B with pretty stripes and dots; black and white; ____ __ rT , , . . , , fl
;S all late full sleeves; this season's choicest styles HESE prices are one-third less than H
' w and best makes. Regularly sold for $1.50 to^z.oo. i those at which they were marked a week H
! I This Is Our First, Showing of New ." a /°« , an i^ en at - that e the - v . we f e con " 1
H « sidered splendid bargains. They are to-day un- B
j |j Flannelettes surpassed bargains. g
1 UldbC J m ; atI , 5Ca^ ard -, ¦ fc •< , 8ftr SiWre tt n% $^oredDre5se.. made of plaial
i 9 IlHkirfc ya^ d "~ Frcnc1 . 1 Flannelette, in beautiful <>O" colored mercerized Gingham, box pleated R
i h Q\Bh? 9 nC!ltaI Stripes and other prettv effects; all front5 and French skirts; yoke finished with nar^ B
j | v v similar to the real French Flannelettes; . row folds of lawn. Regularly worth $1.50. 3
: r just the thing for waists, wrappers etc. J «ji OQ Colored Dresse? for Children, mads of fan- g
j 1 fl^^k prd — Kimona Cloth, 36 inches wide; V l# * tU cy Broken Check Gingham, with full gath- @
• ; H«5iB n P rett y raised stripes; patterns especially ered skirts and white Oxford yokes, belt and cuffs, gj
j ! appropriate for Kimonas and similar gar- The regular value $1.75. H
j ! ments. These arc all good washable colors; about Cl 1Q Fancy striped Percale Dresses for Children, h
• I 50 patterns to select from. <JM»HJ w ith extra full skirt and blouse effect waist; f|
1 Kitchen UtensHs | " ===== j Hosiery Special |
I 15c_For CofTee Canis- W jR 4&**4p |
j I 2."5c— For Parlor \1^X ' lisle thread; in six e
I I Broom, Wf ALWAYS RELIABLE Th^"^^"^^
, I 8c_For Whisk Brooms. 1238* 12 50 MARKET ST. joV« I 5oc pair. |
i25c_For Parlor Dust- H B 21c pair — Women's |
ers All the Shopping Inducements That Have stockings, within- 1
?1 |JSs||^ Cur " Made This Store Popular Are Still Here. . gon^Ss^^^ 1
ADVTERTISmiENTS;
' If You Want a Good
Trunk or Bag
A. B. Smith Co.,
1 16 Ellis, above Powell,
have just the article you are
looking: for. "We carry every
style of Trunk, Bag: or Suit
Case.
0VI81T DR. JORDAN'S OREAT^
$HUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
A Q& 1031 U1SZXX R. U\. 6:bft7li, S.T.Cil. A
\'j 'CjT Tke L*rre->» Aaalomictl Museum in the \
a i'.iWJi World. Weakotuas *r u>j ca«ract«4 a
V tSSlSj d!sei« cared h 7 tke cldeit T
O fPSfSt SpeaillitonthtCoMt E«L 36 yr»r». O
6 Q*3®PK DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A I jSifvtt TrMrmeni personally or ky letter. A O
V K Sr XS f# PffiUv CW« in tytrj cast onderiikta. T
A 8 fl nst w "f« t° x B ' ok - rutviopiY «r A
V* I! ll 1 * M.%nilI.%OK. MAILXO Fail. (AY
\ A ll »«l»»hle btok let mm) : . < \
V on. juaniN *«:e.. 1051 M»rk«tst..s. r. Y
\m. t;,hessk
Notary Public and Attorn ey-at-Iaw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela bids.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 1802 McAllister st. .
Besldencs " Telepb me - Face ' 56*1.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . t . . Address Alt Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
; Publication Office- Third and 3Iarket Streets. S. F.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 3, 1904
The Armenians have b;come' strenuous again- and
have attacked the Turks at Mush. If these opera-bouffe
revolutionists: had any sense of the fitness. of things and
seriously thought of exciting our sympathies rather than
our sense of the ludicrous Mush would have been the
last place on earth to begin a sentimental campaign. ¦¦"*""
Townsend's California Glace frmts In
artistic fire-etched hnrrs. 715 Market it #
Special - Information supplied dally *»
business houses ' and public men by th*
Press CUr?1"it Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Maia 10 U. *
Paris, always nervously eager in her espousal of the
bizarre, is translating the words of coon songs into
French. Let us congratulate our trans-Atlantic friends
upon the fact that this new freak of their fancy is at
least temporary insanity and harmless. We have tried
to translate these alleged songs into English and happily
have recovered. \" *•
Managers of Berlin music halls have made a plea for
public patronage by introducing pantomime instead of
music in their orchestras, the players fiddling, but giving
no sound to charm either the savage or the gentle breast.
The innovation is strikingly worthy. As a substitute for
most of what we receive in our restaurants and music
halls it suggests itself as excellent to all that love the
human species domiciled in San Francisco.
Udnunki, the ancient Adab, perhaps
the oldest city In the world, has been
discovered by the university of Chi
cago's excavating expedition in Baby
lonia. This city has for many years
been the object of search by oriental
ists. It is mentioned in the code of
Hammurabi, an early King of Baby
lonia, which document was translated
recently by Professor Robert F. Har
per, director of the expedition. He has
just received news In a cablegram
from Professor E. J. Banks, field di
rector of the expedition, who since
leaving this country last winter for
Bismaya, in Babylonia, has announced
many important discoveries. The un
covering of ancient Adab is one
of the most important archaeological
achievements In recent years. Dr.
Banks informed Professor Harper that
he had found bricks bearing the sylla
bles Ud-nun-kl at the lowest level of
the ruins.. He is certain that these
bricks Identify the city as Adab. With
a force of 12» men he excavated the
ruins at Bismaya, and found .the re
mains of four temples, built one above
the other, which he named according
The World's Oldest City.
Whatever may be the effect upon our temporary . or
permanent commercial prosperity of the decision of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company to refuse freight for
Japanese ports, nothing can discount the restoration of
p*ace of mind to prospective travelers to th'e -Orient.
The ominous phantom of a predatory fleet of warships
is certainly not conducive to a pleasant voyage even 'to
the most unconcerned of ocean passengers.
TEMPLARS — Subscriber. City. Al
bert G. Mackey, in, his dictionary of
Masonry, one of the standard works,
has a long dissertation on the subject
of "Is the plural of Knight Templar
Knights Templars or Knights Tem
plar?" In conclusion he says: "All the
American and British writers. Masonic
and unmasonie, except some recent
American ones, use the plural of Tem
plar to designate more than one Knight.
I have In a few instances found Knight
Templars, but never Knights Templar.
The very recent American use of that
plural is derived from the authority'of
the present constitution of the Grand
Encampment of the United States and
therefore the very point in controversy.
The former constitution used aa the
pluraljvnlghts Templars. I am satis
fied on the whole that the expression
Knights Templar, is a violation of both
the grammatical laws of our language
and the usage of the best writers on
both sides of the Atlantic and should,
therefore, I think, be abandoned." The
State textbook that uses Knights Tem
plars Is correct according to the most
ancient writers and the modern dic
tionaries, as well as the older ones. The
commanderies in using on their letter
heads Knights Templar are right, be
cause that is the name of the order as
laid down in the constitution. Under
the constitution In a fraternal society
the society cannot have one name and
then adopt another..
The President of Hayti has exploded into wrathful
protest against a 6oo per cent exchange maintained by
foreigners in the dusky republic as a reasonable meas
ure of protection to themselves. When Hayti is able to
take care of itself President Nord may expect outsiders
to display some confidence other than that involved in
their own ability to look after their own interests. It
might He well also for Nord to remember that if the
world has little confidence' in the financial credit of
Hayti it has less in its boasts of reprisal.
OINTMENT— S. R., City. The ques
tion asked In regard to what is required
to make an ointment of equal strength
of a tobacco wash, depends upon the
exact conditions, and cannot be an
swered in a general way. Perlque to
bacco would make a much stronger
wash than mild Turkish. The question
should be submitted to a chemist, who
will give you an exact answer, and
charge so much for his services.
kM8M<>» if. *•._»¦¦•¦
IRRIGATION — Constant Reader.
City. For such figures as you desire in
regard to appropriations for irrigation,
address a letter of inquiry to the Con
gressman of the district in which you
reside.
CROSSED EYES — Subscriber. City.
What are termed crossed eyes axe the
result of some muscle or the optic
nerve being defective. It is said that
such an affliction is not hereditary.
TEN YEARS— H. S.. City. The sen
tence Imposed on Arthur Phillips for
burglary by Judge Lawior In the Supe
rior Court of San Francisco some time
since was ten years.
The beneficial effects of bacteria are
no less interesting than the part they
play in the propagation of disease, and
a recent discovery is that the vegeta
ble gums found on trees, such as gum
arabic, are the results of their activity.
Previous to some investigations by Dr.
S. Greig Smith of New South Wales, it
was believed that vegetable gums wer«»
the result of the unhealthy or patho
logical conditions of the trees on which
they were formed, but the entire sfib
ject was one about which comparative
ly little was known. Dr. Smith, believ
ing that bacteria produced the gum,
examined two trees from which it ex
uded, and obtained two varieties of
bacteria, of which he made cultures.
Under ordinary conditions of culture
the formation of gum was only sug
gested, but when tannin, a constituent
of bark, was added to the culture me
dium, a thick slime was produced in
considerable quantities. This slime was
made up of gum, as well as bacterial
cells and albumenoids, and by a simple
chemical process a clear, transparent
and brittle gum was obtained similar
to the arabin derived from gum arabic.
and resembling in its essential proper
ties the natural substance. Dr. Smith's
conclusion was that the arabin gums
derived from trees are bacterial and
not higher plant products, and that
certain constituents of the sap, under
the action of bacteria, are changed into
gum, which exudes from cracks or
wounds in the bark, or else is carried
by the sap to the fruit— Harper's
Weekly.
Bacteria in Gums.
Ansivers to Queries.
"WE ARE SEVEN" — Constant
Reader, City. The poem entitled "We
Are Seven" was written by William
Wordsworth.
The wonderful insect-killing ca
pacity of the toad is known in a gen-
eral way to the enlightened few. says
Country Life in America. An imported
colony of toads may be the salvation
of a flower garden. We now have
some interesting figures, which show
that every toad in the garden may be
worth $20 or more. Many gardeners
give, their children a cent apiece for
every cutworm destroyed, considering
this a low estimate of the damage
caused by these insects. From May 1
to August 1 a toad may destroy 2160
cutworms, which it would cost $21 60
to destroy by hand. English garden
ers are said to pay as .much as $25
per hundred for toads for colonizing
purposes.
Valuable Toads.
God!
And if it never have the wings to rise.
'Twill add but one sigh to a world of
The world forgets
Love and the violets —
The new sun rises when the old sun
sets!
Of what avail? • • Yet sing! until
Sends the song ringing to the gates of
night.
When Love made lilies of remembered
light? ~ "...,,,"•
The world forgets
Lilies and violets —
The new sun rises when the old sun
sets!
Of what avail — your passion and your
pain —
The sacrificial cups your lips may drain?
Your burden, in the blackness of the
Of what avail — the singing of your song.
E'en though it echo the wide world
along?
Its truth — its trust— its love-endearing
tone?
When the song dies, the singer dies
alone!
The world forgets
The springtime violets —
The new sun rises when the old sun
sets!
The Singing of the Song.
DURING the present week the Portland Commer
cial Club will consult, in Portland, with repre
sentatives of Oregon cities and towns in promo
tion of its idea for the formation of a State development
league. The Portland Commercial Club is corrfposed of
leading citizens. Its aim is patriotic and sensible and
success ought to attend its efforts. If Oregon is assisted
to grow greater by any means our northern neighbor
will have the good will of California. The interests of
the Pacific Coast States of the Union are largely in com
mon. What adds to the prominence of any serves to
bring recognition to all.
Prior to the holding of the conference at Portland
the Portland Commercial Club has sent out letters ad
dressed to the Mayors of Oregon cities soliciting an ex
pression of opinion regarding probable results and also
concerning the feasibility of inducing Oregonians to
pull together for the common good. Some of the re
sponses are interesting and significant.
Mayor Dimick of Oregon City answers that Clackamas
County has undeveloped territory, mineral resources,
large timber belts and wonderful water power that can
be developed in the mountain streams, with a fine mar
ket at home for its products. To make these known
must result in enhancing their value. Mayor Hayter of
Dallas hits the nail squarely on the head in writing that
"Oregon needs advertising in the Eastern States and
now is the time to advertise." He sees no reason why
the interior and Portland should not work together har
moniously to promote ,the development of every part
of the State of Oregon. Much will be gained if nothing
more is accomplished than the general understanding
and good feeling that a conference induces where all
interests and all sections are represented. With the
advantages in view Mayor Dimick also perceives that
care in the selection of the officers of a State develop
ment body is of great importance. "Its promoters must
take care that the offices do not fall into the hands of
broken-down politicians or broken-down grafters, of
which every city and town in Oregon has its full share."
Mayor Waters of Salem finds that there can be no ar
gument against advertising the State of Oregon. Mayor
Talmage of Tillamook, Mayor Moore of More, Mayor
Scngstackcn of Marshfield and Mayor Ross of St.
Helens coincide in this view. The success that has
attended the efforts of California to secure the proper ad
vertising in the East through the agencies of the Califor
nia State Board of Trade and the California Promotion
Committee may have stimulated the Oregonians to make
a move for publicity. The preliminary expressions
would seem to indicate that there is no doubt that Ore
gon will soon have a State Development League and
that substantial benefits may be derived therefrom. ,
OREGONIANS GETTING TOGETHER.
A Russian newspaper, evidently yellow in its tenden
cies or having designs upon some of the bigwigs of
the empire, has made the startling suggestion that a
Cabinet of responsible Ministers be created for the
Czar. It is safe to assume that if the appointment of
such officers involves any more serious responsibility
than that assumed by the late Von Plehwe the recom
mendation will be rejected with contemptuous emphasis.
Official position in Russia at the present time is. some
what uncertain in tenure.
In an article In the current Railway
Magazine. Robert Weatherburn makes
some interesting remarks as to the
sounds emitted by the wheels and the
rails on our railways. A composite
wheel. In company with a rail any
thing more than eighty-five or ninety
pounds to the yard, will yield a semi
tone of such persistency as to become
the bete noire of the neurotic. A cast
steel wheel, on the other hand, relieves
itself by a bad interpretation of "The
Village Blacksmith." Every railway,
owing to the differences of track and
equipment, has its own particular
method of expression when carefully
noted. Were it possible to take an old
and well-seasoned railway traveler, one
witl. faculties of time and tune mod
erately developed, and place him
blindfolded on one of the long-distance
railways of the country over which he
had been in the habit of traveling, he
would sub-consciously be led to deter
mine, by the peculiarities of the sound
emitted and the involuntary associa
tion of their rappel with some old tune,
or melody, on which railway he was
journeying.
On our California rails who ha3 not
been kept awake half the night by that
iterant golden promise, "Sacramento,
Sacramento — you bet — you bet?"
The Singing Rails.
to the KInss who built them. The
dates became earlier, until finally the
bricks Identifying: Udnunkl were
found. Among other articles which
Dr. Banks found are marble statues,
onyx and sandstone lamps and many
bronze objects.
• When Police Judge Fritz is on the
bench he is dignity personified. When
off he is as fond of a practical joke
as any man. One of his jokes recent
ly caused no end of excitement for
some hours at the Hall of Justice.
Colonel Cronin of the property clerk's
office had bought a turkey for his
Sunday dinner. He took it to the of
fice and placed it at an open window
near the corridor. The Judge hap
pened to visit the office and when
leaving he espied Cronin's turkey. He
quietly seized it unobserved and car
ried it to his chambers. He tele
phoned to Captain Martin that some
one had stolen a turkey from the
property clerk's office and Detective
Dlnan was detailed on the case.
Meantime Attorney Shortall had
seen the turkey in the Judge's cham
bers and thinking it belonged to the
Judge he carried it to the bond and
warrant clerk's office and hid It. The
Judge had noticed 'him ami soon had
the gobbler back in his chambers. He
rang for a messenger boy and sent
him with the turkey to Otto Heyne
mann, stenographer in the Chiefs of
fice. A note accompanied the turkey,
purporting to come from Johnnie
Kreiss, saloon-keeper, and wishing
Heynemann the compliments of
the season. Heynemann called Kreiss
up by phone and said: "I am
awfully obliged, Johnnie; many
thanks." Kreiss replied, not knowing
exactly what he meant: "That's all
right."
The Judge then telephoned to Mar
tin that he thought Heynemann had
stolen Cronin's turkey. Dinan and
Cronin rushed into the Chief's office
and Cronin grabbed hold of the tur
key. "What are you doing?" yelled
Heynemann. "Let go my turkey."
Cronin and Heynemann hung to the
turkey, each vociferating it belonged
to him. Dinan asked Heynemann
where he got it and Heynemann re
plied, "From Johnnie Kreiss." Dinan
called Kreiss up by phone and Kreiss
answered that he knew nothing about
Heynemann's turkey. Heynemann
collapsed and Cronin marched proud
ly away with his recovered treasure.
Judge Fritz's Hoax.
plication for leave to attend the encampment, cannot fly
in the face of a matter of daily bread to carry out an
?obligation to the State*
There should be a more liberal spirit on the part of
employers who hesitate to allow th :ir employes the time
for attendance upon the annual encampment. The an
nual gathering of the State troops for field practice and
drill is not designed to be a prolonged lark for those
who participate, profiting nothing to State or individual,
but it is as important an element in the safeguarding of
the commonwealth as the operations^ of the legislative
machinery or the regulation of the finances. A thor
oughly equipped, thoroughly drilled body of State mili
tary is no less a part of the State government than the
civil arm of the law. The business man would be the
first to feel the effect of a weakened National Guard in
time of public danger.
From their past record Californians have reason to be
proud of the guardsmen and zealous for their future.
No State had a brighter record of volunteer service in
the Philippines than did ours through the First Califor
nia Regiment. These men were of the National Guard.
It was therein that they learned the practices of war
and it was to join that body again that most of them
returned as veterans. While we have a body of State
troops of so high a morale and so efficient a potentiality
we should unite to further its interests and support its
every need.
JB. LAUCK, adjutant general of the National
Guard of California, has made recent announce
• ment of the difficulties that beset the assembling
of a full complement of the State militia for the com
ing encampment on account of the recalcitrant attitude
of the employers alleged by the guardsmen to be ;>iri
force in the matter of granting vacations. Lauck says
that he is daily in receipt of letters from members of
the National Guard the State over protesting the inabil
ity of the several writers to obtain from their employ
ers the requisite two weeks 1 .vacation.*. Either they are
refused a leave of absence, entirely or the respite is
given them without a continuance of salary.
If the restrictions complained of by the National
Guard members are indeed as general as the word "of
Adjutant General- Lauck would have it, the militiamen
themselves cannot be blamed if the quota of the com
panies at Atascadero falls below the mark. Many of
the members who are men of family, and possibly of no
great means, cannot afford to take two weeks from their
earning period at the small pay offered by the regula
tions of the State militia if their employers are unwilling
to give them the time' off with full remuneration.
Others, who declare that a flat refusal has met their an
¦ ¦¦»:". ; ¦¦¦;.¦. •. . ¦ •
THE GUARDSMEN AND VACATIONS.
Celebrity is so fleeting a thing nowa- !
days that probably few people remem
ber who Tunis was. And yet at one
time he played a great part In the
world, and in the telegrams of fourteen
or fifteen years ago hia name was con
stantly mentioned, for h§ was* the
famous black charger on which "lo
brav General" Boulanger was to have
ridden to supreme power In France.
The fame of Tunis, like that of< his
master, was at its zenith on that 14th
of July when General Boulanger rode
back from the review in -the Bois de
Boulogne and passing tbe flower-draped
statue of Strasburg in the Place de la
Concorde was greeted by the fickle
crowd with delirious shouts of "Vive
Boulanger." When the general, an ex
ile from France, committed suicide on
that grave in Ixelles Cemetery Tunis
was old, and passed from hand to hand
until at last he came down to drawing
the cart of an old woman who sold
vegetables at Passy. Every day* he
dragged his burden from the Halles
across the Place de la Concorde out to
Passy, and one day last week as he
was crossing the scene of his former
triumph the Door old horse staggered
and fell and died not far from the spot
on which he so proudly pawed the
ground on that long ago 14th of July.
A crowd of onlookers at once collected,
and one of them as he turned away
spoke Tunis' epitaph to another run
ning, up: "It Is nothing— only an old
*«-«,« dropped dead.'/— London Globe.
Glory Departed.
After a long and inexplicable quiet Venezuela is herself
again, no«ing her disagreeable presence into another
fight. Not satisfied with offending Germany beyond the
point of decent endurance, Castro ha"? seized valuable
American property and blusters in the face of threatened
and warranted reprisal. Some of these days Uncle
Sam will be forced to teach our South American
friends that even if they are harmless they can be an
noying, and then the map makers will have a chance. to
do a little changing in alleged national lines.
The_ cause of the 1S93 riot was
• trivial, in the extreme. The rector of
the St. Petersburg University an
"nounced that any one attempting a
demonstration on February S, the an
niversary of. the foundation, would be
expelled. .The students, until this an
nouncement, had no idea of demon
strating, but they resented the rector's
•words and promptly organized* some
excitement- The police took them
seriously and charged, throwing all
v.ho resisted over the parapets of a
bridge. on the frozen Neva. Five stu
dents were killed and fifty wounded
in tfcis way. And yet at other times,
when no attention is paid, the little
effervescence . passes away so quickly
that the students themselves, finding
nothing heroic, forget their pledges
to one another and return to the calm
of university life. Almost without ex
cvption, before every examination at
each university, there is a meeting of
protest at which the students pledge
themselves not to pass the examina
tions. To render leakage impossible
they deliver to one of their .number
the certificates, without which they
nre not admitted before the board, and
they denounce as cowards and traitors
those who object. But Uie next morn
ing they come one by one to the cus
todian of the certificates and by bribes
and threats get their papers back, so
* that out of each hundred who signed
the pledge .on an average not more
than four abide by it. . -
Students' outbreaks are precipitated
most frequently by discontent at some
prnfess'or. No effort of the univer
t-illcn to be granted V..s selection of
their own faculties has succeeded, . and
rr> long as the decision remains in the
hands of the government at "i- p«t»f».
epec'ml Correspondence. i
ST.. PETERSBURG. July 15.— When
disorders occur in Russia university
students are generally responsible, and
t-h> fact has .been pointed out as re- j
markable that the enlightened should I
thus foment trouble, whereas in other j
• countries the ignorant are almost inva- j
• i iab-iy the culprits, Russian students i
. have grievances of their own, demand
ing reforms which could not be granted
Without shaking the nation's constitu
tion to its depths, and knowing that for
this reason they have conceptions to
Viope for the students turn revolution
. :*-ts, proclaim themselves the friends of
.the i>ecple and provoke riots regularly j
t- very year.
• The people do not, it must be con
" f*>ssed, evirce much sympathy with
The.se movements. In Moscow in 1S9S,
¦when the students posted proclamations
saying that they would help the Iov\er
• lapses to overthrow the Government.
tome of the "lower classes" came out
with knives against thtlr would-be
"champions, saying that they were con
tented with the existing regime and
v ould not be interfered with. As for
;he riots themselves, they become se
rious only when the authorities make
the mistake of taking them seriously.
In 3?02 thf-re were university riots in
Ft. Petersburg. ' The Cossacks, ordered
cut, rode into the mob in front of the j
Kasan Cathedral, lashing right and left
.with their whips. Checks were cut
open, ey.es were torn out. arrests were i
made by the score, the population was
•terrorized and it was thought a state of
?iege would have to be proclaimed.
Simultaneously signs of effervescence
• had manifested themselves at the Kleff.
• 'niversiiy. The Governor of Kieff,
• General- Dragemiroff. a hero of the j
JIusso-Turkish war and noted as the
best strategist in Russia, has his own
theories about students" riots, which he
fonsiders mere child's play and no more
worthy of attention than the pranks of
Harvard students stealing barbers'
j.r>les and shop signs. So when the stu
dents rose up Dragomiroff did nothing.
He let them march in procession
" through the town until they were ex
hausted:" l.e Jet them seize a car and
ride arourd crying "Down with the
Government" until they were hoarse,
and. finally, disgusted by the utter in
tlifference of authorities and populace,
the students dispersed and went home.
M^anwh-jl*, however, a jealous subor
dinate had seen his chance to advise St.
Petersburg of an uprising which Drago
miroff was neglecting, and a telegram
soon demanded of the Governor why he
had taken no measures to protect the
city. Dragomiroff promptly called out
two .full regiments and all the artillery,
"charged at double speed through the
town, surrounded the university with
pointed cannon. Intrenched his soldiers
round about and telegraphed as follows
to the Czar:
"Have surrounded the enemy's quar
ters with 2^00 soldiers. Enemy retreat
ed and not reappeared."
The absurdity was so evident that
the Czar laughed heartily and counter
manded the censure which was to have
been administered to Dragomiroff. But
the lesson has not been applied else
where. ;
Sometimes th*» various universities,
notably in 1S9E, boycott all lectures,
posting, pickets to prevent any indi
viduals -from attending,, or the stu
dents take ill-smelling, chemicals into
the lecture rooms. In 1899 the ex
aminations throughout Russia were
held under protection of the troops
and, the leaders of the movement,
• which had started in St. Petersburg,
(v.ere sent to Siberia, while 600 stu
dents were expelled- This was the
first of the great riots, since when
they have broken out at the same
period each year.
Student Troubles in Russia.
bury rolitics are apt to count more in
a candidate's favor than competency.
The case is cited of a professor of
commercial law at Odesa who, being
too lazy to prepare lectures, contented
himself with reading without comment
passages from a book written by him
self on the subject, which book was
in the possession of all the students.
Another story is told of a general ap
pointed rector of a university who se
verely took to task the librarian be
cause there were gaps here and there
in the rows of books. "You must keep
the library ship-shape," he ordered.
"Hereafter see that the first student
who asks for a book shall take the
first from the first shelf and then the
second, and so on, that the rows may
be kept clean." And he threatened
to send away the librarian for foolishly
suggesting that numerical order might
not coincide with the subjects desired.
At some of the provincial universi
ties there are important chairs with
out occupants, because the Govern
ment's choice fell en some man with
out the necessary degree, who is too j
indifferent or too limited to attain
them and who, consequently, cannot
take possession. While preventing any i
competent person from obtaining: the
appointment, ai the presem lUutneLi '
there is no professor of Roman law !
at the Odessa University. At Warsaw i
there Is no professor of commercial
law. And yet students must get these
subjects up and pass examinations on
them before receiving their degrees.
Except at St. Petersburg and Moscow
professors of political economy never
have any knowledge of modern events,
their course stopping short a quarter
of a century or so back.
To this ' cause of dissatisfaction
among students is added another,
which is connected with it and inten
sifies it. That is. a law forbidding any
one from entering a university save
that in the region of the preparatory
school which he attended. The country
is divided into ten great regions, each
with Its university— St. Petersburg,
Moscow, Odessa, Warsaw, Kharkoff,
Kasan, KiefT, Helsingfors, Dorpat and
Tomsk. And as at starting school a
child must decide on his university,
the result is almost invariably that
he is bound to his local university.
The Government has devised this pur
posely, to prevent a flooding of the
two capitals, St. Petersburg and Mos
cow, where the education to be ob
tained is far superior to that of the
other centers. This is considered rank
injustice, since the rich, who can af
ford their entire education from child
hood in the capitals, can form excep
tions for these privileges.
These are not the only causes for
discontent among Russian university
students. There is also the lack of
all rights In the university, each stu
dent being required on entering to
sign a paper acknowledging himself to
be merely a visitor or guest. Then
there is the exaggerated system of su
pervision bv an inspector, who is
generally a retired general and who
holds them responsible for every petty
action, as If they were children. Those
preparing for the university are
watched with such strictness that'they
desire some little liberty when once
they have matriculated, and they re
sent the abuse of authority. Further
more, there is the crucial grievance of
a prohibition of societies of any de
scription or even of general meetings.
The direct consequence of this last
measure is that a students' movement
of protest becomes revolutionary from
the start. Xot having any place in
which to assemble, they are constrain
ed to march into the university and
take forcible possession of a hall or
lecture-room. They lock the doors,
hold a meeting, in due form right in
the sacred precincts and pass resolu
tions. When the superior, warned, pre
sumes to interfere, the students, know
ing that their action has already put
them beyond the pale of conciliation,
catch him. beat him to avenge all past
resentment and end by kicking him
out. The next day the superintendent
publishes a notice in the papers say
ling that,' owing to a sudden Indisposi
tion, be. will be unable to attend to his
duties for a brief period, which lasts
until the ringleaders have been im
prisoned.
A boycott of the university follows
the meeting; manifestoes are posted in
the streets. Notices are sent to the
other universities and demonstrations
break out. Often the trouble is quelled
before this last stage is reached by the
arrest of the leaders. Government spies
are In each class, registered as stu
dents, who participate in the meeting
In order to denounce the seditious. It
happens not unfrequently, in virtue
of this system, that the spies de
nounce, for reasons of personal spite,
students who were only passive on
lookers, but on whom the onus of
punishment is thus made to fall.
THE joint committee of the Senate and House on
the merchant marine arrives in this city to-day,
with Senator Gallingcr of New Hampshire as its
chairman. The revival of our merchant marine has been
under discussion for several years. The subject was
concreted during the first administration o£ ' President
McKinley, and has since been before Congress in some
form, but no decision on methods has been reached.
Like too many of our eco- mic issues, it has impinged
upon party politics, and plays have been made for polit
ical advantage rather than for the welfare of the coun
try and the promotion of its commerce. It is an issue
of vital importance Jo this coast, because, without asking
permission of Russia, the position we have asserted in
the trade of the Pacific must be maintained for our own
development and in the interest of the national honor.
When Secretary of Agriculture Wilson made his first
visit here he was entertained by a large company ,of
Californians as the guest of Mr. William H. Mills, and
in a thoughtful address said that Dewey's ships in Manila
Bay had proclaimed American primacy of the Pacific. The
sentiment was heartily applauded. But it requires more
than a declaration and applause to create an actuality.
Primacy on deep water can be manifest only under the
flag of the primate. Until we so write our title the fact
remains only in the form of an ambitious aspiration.
How to effect the transformation of that aspiration into
fact is the problem before the country awaiting solution.
Let us not be understood as saying that this coast is
to be'the sole beneficiary of a revival of our merchant
marine. In proportion to the greater volume of its deep
sea trade the Atlantic seaboard's interest far transcends
our own. What is desirable is to join the two coasts in
a unified determination to secure legislation that will
put American commerce under the American flag, and
keep it there, while still offering Iiosptality to the mer
chant flags of other nations. At present we are driven
out of competition. We are not in the race. We spend
hundreds of millions every decade for ocean freights
that go to the ships of othe'r nations. Our flag is not
on merchant ships enough to do our transportation for
a single fortnight. It is a stranger not only in the sea
ports of the world but in our own. All Americans re
cognize this as an evil. For every national evil there
must be a remedy, no matter how snAll the evil may be.
When it is of such magnitude as this the necessity for a
remedy is of equal measure.
This visiting committee was authorized by Congress to
make close inquiry info conditions, to learn the extent
of the necessities of both seaboards, and, above all, to
get the commercial judgment as to what ought to be
done. We are entering upon the construction of an
American canal, open to the commerce of all nations.
We are preparing to expend vast sums upon that enter
prise. But when it is finished shall we see passing
through it, triumphantly, the flags of all nations ex
cept our own? At this moment both parties are united
in indorsing the construction of the canal, and why?
Because it i> a facility to our commerce. Why can
there not be the same unity upon a policy that will carry
that commerce under our own flag?
This Pacific Coast is a deeply interested section of the
country. Our flag once dominated the Pacific Ocean
before we owned a mile of its shore. The primitive
tribes and the simple Spanish settlers seldom saw any
other. The tribes were so impressed by the constant
procession of American ships, most of them cleared from
Boston, that the common name for a white man in all
their dialects from San Diego to Puget Sound was "Bos
ton man," and to this day in the jargon spoken by most
of those who survive, the term for heaven, the Elysian
fields of the future, is "Boston illahie," the upper Bos
ton. But the marine glories of that day have faded,
and exist only as a fossil in philology.
Now we own -the coast. We have islands in the Pa
cific. We have a vigorous and growing trade with
Asia. We are only just beginning to exploit the resources
which supply the articles of commerce for profitable
exchange- with the Orient. We have made a new con
quest of the Pacific with our navy. Shall we. have a
merchant marine to hold it. or shall we surrender
it? A more pressing question was never presented to a
people than this. Shall it be said we have resources
to build an American canal on the isthmus, but none
| to encourage the building of American ships to use it?
While the committee is here our commercial commu
| nity should frankly and forcibly present its case. It is
I our day in court and our petition should be full. The
committee may rely upon this, that whatever conclusion
it reaches as a result of these conferences, backed by
I its independent investigation, will be supported by Cali-
I fornia in Congress. We cannot afford to remain as we
are. In these days those who stand still until the pro-
I cession passes cannot hope to overtake it. We don't
i want to be put in that position. The committee will
! have every facility and every hospitality at its disposal,
| for our people are impressed with the importance' of the
issue and the advantage which the occasion offers.
THE MERCHANT MARINE COMMITTEE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, ; AUGUST 3, 190*.
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESMortimer H. Reed, a rising young
business man of Oakland, and MIsa
Geneva Raleigh of 22 Shotwell street
were married at the home of the bride
yesterday. W. M. Wilson acted as best
man and Miss ' May Raleigh was
bridesmaid. .The young couple left
immediately after the ceremony for
the southern part of the State, where
they will spend their honeymoon. They
will reside in Oakland.
Marries an Oakland Man.
"¦ *HURT BY. A FALL.— Denis " Mahoney. &
.5? 7 nitbr-e»rl^yc<! *JT the United Railroads, fell
ft&ta s; window cf t-fce^rjower-house at Wash
¦iristJoTv tijd Season streets yesterday and eus
•talnf-d- a fracture, cf the leg. :
TEN THOUSAND HARVEST
LABORERS ARE WANTED
Army of Men Needed to Garner Crops
In the States of the
Northwest.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2. — The Northern
Pacific Railroad has issued a circular
calling attention to the large number
of farm employes that will be required
in its territory to harvest crops. The
circular gives full information to those
desiring employment in the harvest
fields. It quotes the rate of wages
paid at each point and the time har
vesting is likely to begin.
The wages range from $1 50 to
$2 50 a day in different localities. It
Is said that at least 10,000 men will
be required in the harvest fields dur
ing the current month.
If you are going to attend the G. A. R. en
campment at Boston or World's Fair, why not
have your tickets read one way vta the North
ern Pac'flc Ry. and r.top en route and visit the
Yellowstone Park? For particulars «ee T. X.
Stateler, General Agent. N, P. Ry.. 647 Mar
l<»t St.. S. F. •
Cheap Rates to Boston and St. Loute.
BINGHAMTON. N. T., Aug. 2. —
Howard Appleton. son of a retired
railroad magnate of Chicago, is in the
police station here awaiting the ar
rival of relatives. He imagines he was
struck on the face by Tom Sharkey on
Broadway. New York, on Friday
night and has been suffering from
brain fever. He believes he is pursued
by United States inspectors.
Howard Appleton, Son of a Chicago
Capitalist, a Prey to Mental
Disorders.
IMAGINES HE WAS HIT
BY PUGILIST SHARIiEY
"'Miss Botler came here two months
ago from New York City. She en
gaged a room here and paid for it up
to within a few days ago. She re
mained close to her room, weeping
much of the time. The man who
fcund her to-day called on her several
times before. She first told us he was
her uncle and subsequently she said
he- was a friend she had known in
Xew York.*'
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 2. — Mystery sur
rounds the demise of Miss Botler, aged
20 years, who came here from New
York City two months ago. She is be
lieved to have starved to death. The
girl boarded alone and to-day when a
man friend called he found her in a
dying condition. She died within a
few minutes. The landlady said:
Visitor to Fair Citr From New York
Believed to Have Starved
to Death.
DEMISE OF YOUNG GIRL
SURROUNDED BY MYSTERY
ing- m'»chanimi: • Klias J. Calleyaban, San
i"raheiaco, -faucet ior . soda fountains; Kdwia
•D:.. Ciaterllne. L«os 'Angel*-*, record medium;
l*Juis' B. "Cbri^tophersoii, San Jose, device for
fGrrm'ng ornamental structures; William Good-
A!l,"Ean" Bernardino, rash fastener; Edwin iJ.
•Hawkins.^ San Francisco, die lifter; Christian
Ht-ilrath, Sacramento., tooth brush: Thompson.
P. Jaxivs. San K*ranc!sco. receptacle and dis
tributor for Jiquid -f=oap: Henry H. Kennedy.
Oo<j<!year» Bar. moth exterminator; John K.
Jseyt, S&n Francisco, water seal trap: Charles
•K.ttiijf. San" Dieyo". combination rifle night;
-TiiiJiam Mullen, Han Frsncieco, can cleaning
TrrachfAV; 'Elmer "C. ."Northrup, San Jose, ele
-.Vaior.: 'Charles Riehaj-dscn, Applegate, Ftep
•fadiW": Arthur Q. 'Russell, Lou Angeles; pho
lopTSLphlc halftone ' color screen and chart;
¦ Jahri- C. .H. Etut._ Oakland, manufacturing gas
.•an'liccKe. also apparatus for manufacturing of
iay and ccke; iicrace H. Taylor, San Jose,
.'v*h!c'l«". wheel; ITup're Walker, Stockton, nut
Jock.:- Robert H. Walter*. Los Angeks. acety
. !*ne gs« machine; Charles H. Williams and L..
•.Wiiiianas. Fowier.' ironing board; Albert W.
¦Wligpn; Sen -FrantlRco, rflshing gear; Lewis T.
Keswick, nieisting furnace. ¦
.Jo!:n E. • Armstrong. , Sacta Cruz, vehicle;
Thomas J. Harbour, t-ah Francisco, water tube
k.oiler: John Bonii, Mount Bullion, watch wind-
¦':_ JHI^anrVi,'. Peeroe. .has been appointed
Postmaster^ at Chase, Yamhill County,
; Oreg-on, vire Edith Hoffman, resigned.
¦• Alfred • W-. -Chappel and Miss Annie
B. ,F.- Moser,' both of San Francisco,
°-haVe . bec-ri appointed watchman and
• ft#nographef -and. typewriter, respec
tively,.in the immigration service.
-^The following army orders have been
• issued:. LieKtonarft Colonel Richard E.
signal -corps, will proceed
".fro'rrr. _ Vancouver- Barracks- to Seattle,
, XVaph"., and take command of that sta
•tion; .Lieutenant Colonel Thompson will
; JB.lsi>-.rnake su'ch: journeys, not to ex
ceed.! one.- j?er rfiontJi, during the fiscal
v.ear- ending June 30. 1905, from Seattle
ito° Vancouver Barracks on official busi
ness cf 'the signal corps. The leave of
.abieriee granted 'Lieutenant Charles W.
-Vajiway, Twelfth Cavalry, Philippines
:jdivi£ion.. is extended sixteen days.
: The. United' States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on August 13,
"at ...Santa Cruz, "Cal., an examination
/•will, -be Held for the positions of clerk
and carrier in tb,e postoffice service.
-The' Mechanics' National Bank of SL
Louis lias? btflen approved as a reserve
: agrent. fox the Firpt National Bank of
:. Seattle.;
.The. following patents were issued to
¦ day^ - • ..
-¦WA^HINGTON. Aug.' 2.— William M.
Reed, w as. to-da.S'.arpointod a rural car
rter ax San lose and Joseph Reed a
substitute!" •.• -.' - *
Son ; /Franciscans Receive. Appolnt
¦.:.:>BB«*ritt i in thQ Irriniijrration Scr-
V : .*. rice—^Patertfs Issued.
JJF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
•: ;. . : :¦¦:'¦ oj- ¦ tiie pacific coast
..'On the 6th. <5«y of May. 19&4. a petition was
fi.ed with the deparihu-nt aek^-g for tbe e»tab
lithaierit of 'a'post^fflce &t a certain p° lrt - in
.Cadhoun County. Miss., «pd reqitesfing that it
be earned • VardastETi.
-Immediately the usual investigation maiie by
thf. department as to the necessity for the es
tablishment of the office was undertaken.
Wading; the inquiry a cor>" of the Paily
Clarion-Ledger, a newpp*V*r published rj Jack
son; Miss , daysd, August £5. liKtt. ¦*/&* flled
*-i*h the- department., containing an Article to
iwiiich the '•*¦ part men f» attention was called.
This article was a.cppy of an editorial printed
; in. the •¦¦Cbitinion wealth, under date ot January
".if'.'v.lfKS;: -which r<ai*r is published and edited.
¦iiX Governor- VardErnan. The article In que»*
tion : ..w»* to Vilesn'l lndetent In its VtatJements
Vor..cien:ir.g the mother of the. Prj-eldeni of the
¦V-r.i:ed -^ta:e» at to be unfit for reproduction.
,T"hf •Poetn-.aster General did not deem It proper
.to jg.'.ve_».pcnofflce ihp narr.e of any man who
l-"ad-B*ed such lancuag- regarding any -woman.
lITfie; ' Poilcrflce*. lo question raa . been ordered
¦eif taMisfied' and given "the name of Timberville.
:; .In/exefcl«:ng -the dlsaretlon given, him, the
Foftfnjieter' General frequently rejects names
¦fyggfEted ".for rroposeM postof flees. He has
rrtver b«p clearer if to his duty thto la. this
•'.'.-•1/ .'.•li.Vprope'r to «ay .that President Rocssvelt
fctd no knowledge nr the incident referred to.
% WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— Postmaster
iJeneral Payne to-day made the follow
ing statement* explaining the- reasons
tor. refusing to name a Mississippi
j>ostofSce In honoc of the Governor of
that Stale : •
"The preservers on the main deck
were in bad condition," said Todd.
"You could break off the corners as
you would a biscuit. Out of 1082 we
condemned 372. The mark Was so old
that we could not see it. The manu
facturer's date was 1877.
"One of the life boats had three
broken oars and another two. Two of
the boats were much rotted and an
other had a broken rudder. One of the
life rafts had no rowlocks, they hav
ing been broken off. On some of the
life rafts apparent rivets on inspection
were shown to be only false heads, the
parts being soldered."
"For ornament?" inquired Chairman
Murray.
"No, sir," emphatically answered the
inspector; "for fraud."
The witness testified that he heard
the order for the fire drill given by the
supervising inspector, and he also
heard the master say that he did not
know what orders to give for the drill.
He finally blew a general alarm on the
whistle and rang four or five times
on the ship's bell before the crew an
swered, testified the witness.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — An inspector
who yesterday made a partial examina
tion of the excursion steamship Grand
Republic to-day told the Federal Com
mission, which is investigating the
General Slocum disaster, that the life
saving and fire-fighting apparatus on
the Grand Republic is practically
worthless.
This steamship is a sister ship to the
General Slocum, which was burned in
East River several weeks ago, with a
loss of nearly a thousand lives. She
is owned by the Ttnickerbocker Steam
ship Company, which also owned the
Slocum.
The inspector who examined the
Grand Republic told the commission
that neither the captain nor crew knew
what to do when a fire bell was or
dered; that some of the fire hose burst
when subjected to water .pressure; that
a large percentage of the life pre
servers were worthless, some of them
having been manufactured as long ago
as 1877; that the life boats were pro
vided with broken oars— one was badly
rotted and another had a broken rud
der; that one of the life rafts had no
oar locks, and that on some of the
rafts what appeared to be rivets upon
closer inspection proved to be only
false heads, the parts being soldered.
This story was told by Inspector
James" M. Todd, who with Supervising
Inspector Rodie and Chairman Murray
of the Federal Commission boarded the
Grand Republic yesterday afternoon
as she was about to start on one of her
regular trips to Coney Island with pas
sengers.
HONOLULU, July 27.— An injunction
proceeding: of the utmost importance
has been instituted by Attorney Gen
eral- Andrews on behalf of the Terri
tory of Hawaii against the Pacific
Hardware and Steel Company and its
agent, T. A.. Hays, to restrain them
from doing business in this Territory.
It is a test case to see what power the
Territory has in the taxation of extra
territorial concerns doing business
through offices situated here. The At
torney General's bill of complaint re
cites that the respondent company ex
ists as a corporation organized under
the laws of California, has its principal
place of business in San Francisco, and
that for twelve months past it has been
doing business in Hawaii through its
agent, who maintains an office here.
The corporation does not invest its cap
ital here, nor is it engaged in the busi
ness of foreign or interstate commerce,
yet the complaint alleges it has failed
to perform the following acts required
by the Territorial law:
It has neglected to file a copy of its
charter; it has failed to file with the
Treasurer the names of its officers; it
has failed to file the name of a person
upon whom legal notices may be
served; it has neglected to file state
ments of its affairs, and it has failed to
obtain an annual license for the use of
its agent, T. A. Hays.
The fight thus begun is one which has
been fought out in many States of the
Union with varying success. The point
that the Attorney General is seeking to
establish is that the foreign concerns
come here to compete with local mer
chants and pay no taxes of any sort.
The last Legislature drew up a law to
cover this matter, and now it is being
applied. The statute Is based on a
Pennsylvania statute which has stood
the test of the federal courts. The line
of defense against it in all probability
will be that the statute is in contra
vention of the interstate commerce
laws, and the question will be fought
out along that line.
SDecial Correspondence of The Call.
Inspectors Find Fire Hose
and Life Preservers Rotten
and Boats Unfit for Service
Attorney General Seeks
Opinion of Court on Ques
tion of Great Interest
the Mississippian Who
• Abused President's Mother
Is Unfit for Distinction
After examining the material evi
dence in the case of Estella Welley, a
Marine Hospital nurse, who caused the
death ot a patient by giving him poison
Michael Garcia was accused of sell
ing liquor without a license, and the
complaining policeman testified that
he had purchased a bottle of beer and
four drinks of whisky and partaken
of free lunch in the defendant's gro
cery before he made the arrest. Then
spake the earnest young attorney for
the defense:
"Did you see any other eating para
phernalia on the premises?"
Judge Conlan and every one in the
courtroom stared Inquiringly at the
lawyer, who deliberately repeated the
question:
"I— ask— you— if— you— saw— any — oth
er — eating — paraphernalia — on— the —
premises?".
The policeman said he didn't under
stand. Clerk Rice suggested "chiffo
niers" and Bailiff Laws ventured "side
boards." The Judge abruptly and cold
ly dismissed the case, and the triumph
ant attorney was driven from the cor
ridors by applications for further en
lightenment as to what he really did
mean.
S. Mehr, a curly-haired little Scan
dinavian, pleaded guilty of obtaining
$7 from S. Subfin under false pre
tense, and Judge Fritz sent him up
for ninety days. By representing him
self to be the possessor of great wealth
and in quest of a desirable investment,
Mr. Mehr succeeded in "borrowing"
from the credulous Mr. Subfin several
smaller sums than the one afore men
tioned. • ,
Henry Hahn and a few jovial com
panions were crossing a vacant lot on
Howard street, between Sixth and Sev
enth, at a late hour on Monday night,
when they became entangled in some
loose wire that had been left there
by linemen. The more they struggled
to extricate themselves the more they
became entangled, and they were
swearing strange oaths with loud
voices when Patrolman Castro, who
was two blocks away, overheard them.
Thinking a riot was in progress, he
hastened to the spot and fell among
the cursing, writhing crew, one of
whom, Henry Hahn, violently assault
ed him. With the aid of lighted
matches and a wire cutter the officer
succeeded in arresting and carrying
away Mr. Hahn, leaving the others
to unwrap themselves as best they
could. In response to Hahn's plea
that he did not know that the person
who fell atop of him in the darkness
was a policeman, Judge Cabaniss im
posed a fine of only 55.
"Even If your statement is true you
are a contemptible fellow to utter it,"
was the Judge's comment.
Mrs. Samuel Keyes told Police Judgft
Conlan that she considered her life
menaced bv her husband, an English
man, who. she said, followed her from
Philadelphia to this city with the evi
dent purpose of doing her bodilv in
jury. For five days and nights he had
shadowed her home at 2676 McAllister
street, compelling her and her two
children to remain within doors until
they were forced by hunger to tele
phone for police protection.
"Bless 'er "art," said Mr. Keyes,
smiling blandly upon the shrinking
woman, "I- wouldn't 'urt an 'air of
'er head. She knows I love 'er so
'ard that I cawn't live without 'er.
'Er children 'ave turned 'er 'art against
me, and hif I could get her awai from
'em we could dwell in 'appiness to
gether. Cawn't I 'ave a word with 'er
in proivate?"
The woman shuddered at the pro
posal, and the Judge was quick to per
ceive her fear.
. "You see the abiect terror with
which she regards you?" he said.
"Yes; and I cawn't understand it.
I was a good 'usband to 'er, and she
was 'appy until her children turned
'er 'art."
"Well, I understand it," said his
Honor, "and to-morrow I shall com
mit you, fixing a bond so high that
this lady shall not be terrorized by
your liberty."
Then the defendant's tone changed.
He declared that for six years prior
to their marriage two and a half years
ago the woman and he had lived to
gether as husband and wife.
Judge Cabaniss dismissed the charge
of muyder against Giovanni Fossa be
cause two of the principal witnesses for
the prosecution had left the State.
The case had been in the courts since
June 2, 1903, when Fossa was arrested
for throwing Vencenzo Lavagnino down
stairs in a house in the Italian quarter.
Lavagnino died from his injuries, and
Judge Conlan held Fossa for man
slaughter. District Attorney Byington,
however, filed a new complaint, charg
ing murder, and Superior Judge Lawlor
dismissed it in accordance with a re
cent Supreme Court decision to the ef
fect, that a defendant could not be
placed twice in jeopardy for a single
crime. Byington. then filed another
com plaint, and the | preliminary hearing
of it yesterday by Judge Cabaniss re
eulted in Fosra again being discharged.
James F. Young, accused of swind
ling Mrs. Sarah E. Johnson out of $2000
by means of a get-rich-quick scheme,
had a hearing before Judge Fritz, the
charge being grand larceny. The case
was continued till August 11, the de
fendant's bail being reduced from $5000
to $2000. The original charge of felony
embezzlement against Young will prob
ably be taken up this morning by
Judge Cabanlss.
Attorney Mack asserted, and prom
ised to prove, that there was collusion
between Nellie Bennett and the man
who sold two diamond rings which she
alleged were mysteriously stolen from
her and which she sought to recover
from the pawnbroker who bought them
for $200. Ex-Judge D. J. Murphy de
clared with equal positiveness his abil
ity to prove that the woman had no
connection whatever with the seller of
the jewelry. Then the case was con
tinued for two weeks by Judge Fritz,
who said that if collusion was not then
established he would order the restora
tion of the rings to the woman.
In the course of her testimony Mrs.
Bennett confessed that she has been
twice married and as many times di
vorced. One of her ex-husbands Is an
official of Tonopah County, Nevada,
and he is the person whom Attorney
Mack evidently suspects of having been
in collusion with her when the rings
were sold. Effort to have him— or even
his photograph — produced in court has
been unavailing.
When informed that the fine was $5
she promptly paid it, and then inquired
how much she owed the Judge for hia
trouble. "Not a cent," Clerk Duffle re
plied. "Well, ain't that funny?" tit
tered Annie Wilson.
"The tine," she chuckled
Annie Wilson, pert and smiling and
gorgeously appareled, beamed upon
Judge Fritz when he stated that the
charge of drunkenness against her had
been pretty clearly proved. She fairly
radiated human kindness.
"How much is it?" she chirruped,
opening a red morocco hand satchel
embellished with "A. W." """in brassy
flowing script.
"How much is what?" his Honor
asked.
• * •
John Bacigalupi while engaged in al
tercation with a newsboy on Broadway
incidentally hurled .a heavy rock at his
opponent. The missile missed Its in
tended mark, caromed off a curb and
struck Patrolman Proll upon the head,
creating a bump that seriously inter
fered with the proper wearing of his
official helmet. The bump was exhib
ited to Judge Conlan, who carefully
noted its size and formation and then
continued the case to allow Mr. Baci
galupi to bring in testimony for his de
fense.
When the case was called in Judge
Conlan's court the officers testified that
their trouble did not fairly begin until
the patrol wagon arrived at the saloon
in response to their summons. Then one
of the female prisoners, whose indU
vidual avoirdupois was estimated at 210
pounds, resolutely declined to enter the
vehicle and resisted effort to thrust her
into it. The united effort3 of four stal
wart men were puny as compared to
the physical strength displayed, by the
woman, and the question of sending for
a derrick was under serious discussion
when Mr. Woodson and the other wom
en stepped in and by suasion and force
obviated further difficulty.
The case was continued for a week,
and Mr. Woodson was informed that
his violation of the midnight ordinance
would be reported to the Police Com
mission.
Patrolmen Cannon and Mills were
passing the saloon of P. M. Woodson,
on Leavenworth street, at 2:30 o'clock
yesterday morning when their ears
were assailed by the refrain of "A Bit
of Blarney" warbled by a badly bal
anced feminine quartet. They invaded
the wet goods shop and in a rear room
discovered Jane Gallagher, Florence
Griffith, Nancy Watts and Isabella Post
violating the rudiments of vocal har
mony, while Mr. Woodson approvingly
listened. When asked if he knew that
he was fracturing an ordinance by al
lowing music — or discord — to be created
in his establishment after midnight, he
replied that he was simply doing what
many other saloonists farther down
town were doing, and hinted that in
their interference with him the police
men were showing discrimination. They
retorted that they permitted no law
breaking on their beat and that if Mr.
Woodson persisted in making himself
an exception to the rule they would be
compelled to arrest him. Then the la
dies ceased trying to sing and began
telling each other what they thought of
the police force as a whole and its two
representatives there present in' par
ticular, said comments being of such
uncomplimentary character that the ar
rest of their authors was also decided
upon.
Joe de Falco's neglect to transfer his
peddler's license tag from his old vest
when he donned a new one led to his
arrest. Judge Cabanlss dismissed the
case after he had kindly advised the
absent-minded peddler either to change
vests again or to transfer the tag be
fore resuming business.
instead of the medicine prescribed for
him, Judge Fritz remarked that it ap
peared to be a more serious case than
the newspapers had presented. The
bottle from which the fatal draught
was taken was plainly marked "poison"
and . differed somewhat in shape from
the bottle containing the medicine.
Manslaughter is the charge against the
woman, and the Judge intimated that
he might deem it advisable to send the
case to a jury.
* • • *
SCORES .AN EXECUTIVE
SISTER SHIP EXAMINED
DEMANDS INJUNCTION
Company Owning the Gen
eral Slocum Fails to Profit
by Lesson of the Disaster
Postmaster General Payne
/Explains Beason for Eefus
''.-•.'ing , Honor' to- a Governor
..... , . ...
Mrs. Samuel Keyes, Followed From Philadelphia
by Irate Spouse, Is Too Badly Terrorized to
Be Cajoled by His Statements to Police Judge
Territorial Official Com
mences Action to Deter
mine Corporation's Eights
HOLDS HUMAN
LIFE CHEAPLY
SUES TO TEST
LAW OF HAWAII
HOLDS WOMAN'S
NAME SACRED
WOMAN SHRINKS IN COURT FROM
BLANDISHMENTS OF HER HUSBAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1904.
9
%^W ball B¥S &*§* mm THEATBi
LAST rOTTB XTISBTS — MATXNEE SAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
In Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Dainty Comedy,
MICE AJVD MEN
Beginning MflMnAV Flret tIm «
Next »VI KJ IN Ut\ I in America.
and an Augmented Company
in Henry Arthur i f\ C* tP t^ Jt#
Jones' Masterpiece. \J KJ^3 EmL M MM
...ENTANGLED
Direct from the Haymarket Theater. London.
SEATS READY TOMORROW
GRAND H o e u^e
THIS WEEK ONLY— M.TIHEE SATURDA Y.
\ JAMES NEILL /
y^ FIRST TIME AT
| 15c S5c 5Oc I
I 1TEXT SUITDAY MATINEE, I
I "A PASISIAH BOaiANCS." |
4— BIG MEW AGTS— 4
Olive Slav and J. W. Albania 3x.% Me-
Cabe. SaDlne ana Vera; lies Olopai;
Bnsrhes Muglcal Trio; Empire Comedy
Four; Secker-Sasso-Abramoff Grand
Operatic Trio; Maxcui and Gartelle;
Orpheum Motion Pictures, and
CHARMION.
Regular Matinees Every TVednesday, Thurs-
day Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c, 23c
and 50c,
BT ALL THIS WEEK.
H I 1 MATINEE SATURDAY. I 1 fl
gj j- Third Week of Special <r "
|3 jhp Melodrama Season. Inn H
I IOU Elmer Walters Co. IUt ' g
K, — — Pres«ntins the Sensation- M
VI al Staee Version ot the M
B nc_ Great BuSalo Elopement. flC M
K LUU THE LOC 3
i — Buffalo Mystery = I
m Fj PI r» Next Sunday Matinee — (jfln H
| UUU .. A MILLIONAIRE . «!"* ||
H | COMING— FLORENCE ROBERTS. | 9
ANOTHER TREMENDOUS HIT. *
Eclipses all former Productions.
"The Whirl of the Town"
Gigantic, Spectacular Burlesque.
Three Acts filled with New Son**, Specialties,
Novelties. .
Incomparable ca«t: DOROTHY MORTON
NORA BAYE5, FLOSSIE HOPE RICE AND
CADY. BOBBY NORTH. EDWIN CLARK
BEN DILLON. LIONEL LAWRENCE.
PRIZE CHORUS OF FORTY.
Night. 25c. 50c and 75c. Sat. and Fun. Mat-
inees. 25c and Me. Children at Matinees, 10c
and 25c.
T5X>TTOXIT?C FOr^ barbers, ba.
1 brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cancersc
I dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
. BUCKAXTAX? BKO5-
Brush Manu'acturen, 609 Sacrameatc St.
AMUSEMENTS.
I I V \J LI house.
ANOTHER **• 3io?4oa
IIVOLI Musical
VICTORY Comedy
THE
By Ivan Caryll and Lionel Moncton.
WITH AN UNRIVALED CAST.
SEATS NOW READY.
Uetiat TJroli Prices— 25c 50c. 75c.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
AT PA 7 AD Belasco A Mayer.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
E-vs.. 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. A Sat.. 25c to 5Co
1A/HITEED | And tha Alctar Stock Ca {
\A/ H I T T 1_ E S E
In a Special Production of
THE LADY Bni« n tjttn'»
OF LYONS I uSSS.
MR. •WHITTLESEY as CLAUDE.
Monday. Aus. 8— MR. WHITTLESEY la
THE SHFRTflAN OrllSKAn
Market Stretst. Near Eighth. . -Phone South t'^
TO-NIGHT— ALL, THIS WEEK.
Mattnees Saturt!*y and Sunday.
Massive Presentation or Kirk La Shelle's TV.z-
gest Success in Yfars. the Scenic S«nsat:on.
1 ...SERGEANT JAMES... \
Romanes of" An Enliste.l Man
The Army Post— The Cavalry Carnp.
Cyctoramic Views of Western "W'.lJs.
Powerful Climaxes! Breezy Comedy!
Special Engagement This Week ot the Charm-
ing Actress.
JULIST C30SSY
PDIfF^k Kvenings loc to 30a
IfllCLO Matinees Me. 15c. S4
Kext— A BUNCH OF KEY3.
¦¦*\'"> — — .
CAXZFBEX.XI A2ID JOH3ISTO3I; "illEZ:.-
* POSTZXVS DOG.
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoca
and Evenias" in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MUOATOEE UliECTSIC RATT.TT.OAI>.
THREE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN i . .5o
Wnen Phoning Ask for "Tho Chutea."
MISCCTJLAXraO CS AM USF^IENTS.
BASEBALL.
San Francisco vs. Oakland
AT RECREATION. PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY..
3:00 P. M.
SATURDAY 3 p. M.
SUNDAY 2:.JO P. M
(Ladles Free Thursday and Friday.)
Advance Salt of Seats at 5 Stockton Street.
imatv 8CC the bcautiful
j -COURT Lounging
flfln room, the EMPIRE
unu parlor, the
T— « 4 PALM ROOM, the
liranfl louis xv par.
Rrvi/xU DIES> WRITING
Hotels room-
f^k 0 ID fl B% Outfits, Guns. Amrnanl-
M 1 SH BS iwl 9 % t!on - F'sh^S and Oxuir.x
J Su Mils  Goods. Tents and suns to
N S&SHnlF Rent CATALOG FU1CE.
aJiJraiWy shrevka barber cu.
¦¦¦¦¦¦ 733 Market at,
£21 Kearny »U, 3. T,
_'^__.2.i- .. . ;-' L -.-..- . GRAPE-XUTS.
"- " . '- (
• ¦ '¦ . •'- ;§;¦?.!
-Many kinds of Food tend to- clog the system and obstruct the
functions of the body just as fallen trees across
.a. roadway inpede natural travel
A GOVERNMENT -report shows • GRAPE-NUTS food nearly twice as
soluble as any other cereal food, prepared or unprepared,
and THIRTEEN TIMES AS SOLUBLE AS OATMEAL. \ That means
' atyailable nourishment prepared so the weakest stomach can
. . ass iai late it without effort.
Not only the most easily digested food in the world and con-
taining nlore available nourishment than any other, GRAPE-
NUTS food is also especially prepared to rebuild and re-
¦ store the daily wear and tear- on lirain and Nerve centres.
Ten days trial of GRAPE-NUTS show3 grand results, especially
in cases- of brain-fag or nervous prostration. Trial
Get the little book, "The Road to Wellville" in each pkg.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Plan for Installment Payments That
Binds US and NOT YOU.
It takes six dollars to start
with— When you pay the $6.00
we send out the piano. Then
we give you a written contract .
to sell you that piano at a certain
price, payable by installments.
This contract is made out for
your protection. It binds us and
not you.
it is something NEW and
worth investigating.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Kearny and Sntter Sts., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR! A
For Infants and Children.
the Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho y^t V/tf/5 g sr
Signature of Ltt^tffflctfC&AZ
East Thro'
Yellowstone Park
For a little more money and
time you can add the greatest
trip in America to your Eastern
itinerary. The low rates during
August, September and October,
via the
Chicago, Milwaukee
& St. Paul
Railway,
make the trip to Chicago and re-
turn, with 'side trip through Yel-
lowstone Park, Inexpensive. Ex-
cellent train service makes It
pleasant.
.::;.'. Via Portland. St. Paul and tho
Pioneer Limited, or via the Over-
land Limited and Omaha.
Call to-day for 'complete in-
formation, and make your reser-
vations early.
Tickets— 635 Market St
C. Ii. CANFIEI.D,
General Agrent.
Painless I
m Painless Fillings 25c f§
|a Painless Crowns.. 553 50 E3
H Fu:i Set of Teeth . . . . . . .$4.00 |l
I "VAN VROOM" 1
M Sixth and Market §%
t%w^V»1 MARKET
Weak Men aD(i Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican ' Remedy: < gives health and
strength to sexual orcana. Depot, 323 Market.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1904.
10
BUSINESS CHAirCSS.
a"-^$160O; CORNER saloon, on Polk st. ; rent
$35; lease; stock of liquors on hand, $500 or
more; an old establlthed comer; clearing
above expenses at ieast $175 per month.
Call K. G. WILKE, 2(JVs Ivearay st. ;, :
A— $600: PARTNER wanted In manufacturing
buslnta agency; an active, honest man
wanted; a rare openlnx: references ex-
chanyed. See R. G. -U'lLKK. 26& Kearny st.
A— $1500; HOTEL and roadhouEe. with IS fur-
tniened rooms; rent $70; 5 years' lease; large
barns yard, orchard, etc; 2t» steady boarU-
ers, bcrsss, buggies, etc.; the best-paying
country Kbtel in San Mateo County. See
R. Q. WILXE, 26H Kearny st.
$4000 — SALOON on Turk St.; net rent $150: 6 ¦
years' leaae; elegantly fitted up place and
good paying business. Call R. O. WILKE.
26jj Kearny Bt. \
I A— ?1500; WHOLESALE bakery; dally sales
I about $50- sew wagon, 2 bones, etc.; rent I
(43; stack at Invoice; only cash trade; a fine '
business offer. Particulars K. G. WILKE. )
26 Vt Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON, with rooms; rent $27 30;
establ. years; this is a good place for man
aod wife; location the best Call K. G. |
I WILKE. 26'a Kearny st
A— liltiSO; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location In the Mission; place
ettabllshed years and first-class paying; ful!
value In sight B«e R. G. WILKE. 2«*4 j
Kearny st |
A— $1730; GROCERY and bar; located in the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co. ; |
cash trade: rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. Q. WILKE. -'6^ Kearny st.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; one of the best in this
city; or owner will take a partner for $SUUO;
this Is a most beautiful and best located
first-class paying place tn this city. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILXE. 2t>H Kearny st
A — $6500; CORNER saloon, eclatl. many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
class paying lager beer caloons of this city;
fullest Investigation solicited; a rare chance;
lease. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1500; ROADHOUSE. with fine living and
club rooms: piano, dance hall. 2 stables, etc:
a well-advertised and gt>od-paylnir house.
Oil R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— $eO0G; CORNER saloon, with 4 years'
lease; about % block from Market and Ellis
etc.; place doing a rushing businesa; value
in sight; owner must leave for the East.
Eae R. G. WILKE, 26*£ Kearny st
A— JS50; CORNER saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powelt
*ta. : a good business; owner engaged In
other business cause of sale. Particulars
K. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years: a
first-class paying place. See It. G. WILKE.
26^4 Kearny st.
A — $1000; RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant tn San Rafael; dally re-
ceipts $2S; rent $30; good business; value
In sight; patronized by best class of people,
fce* R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny st
A — SSOO: CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
rent $30; place doing a fine business; sur-
roundod by wholesale bouses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; LEADING botel in the best business
?own 80 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
£lnlng-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the Interior. Call R. G.
WILKE. ?6^ Kearny at
A— $2230; PARTNER wanted In one of the
txst paying corner saloone in this city:
dally receipts about $40; place clears net
above $300 Der month; location flrst-class.
gee R, Q. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
A— $1600; SALOON, vicinity Market. ElUs and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; leaae; place estab-
lished years; flrst-daes business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 V4 Kearny at
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar, dining-room,
kitchen and 30 rooms; pi#no, etc.; finest loca-
tion across the bay. Bee R. O. WILKE. 2tiH
Kearny st
A— $3600— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; dace must be aecrtflced on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st .
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy it., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished B-room ark, moored
one hour's ride fron\ city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter 6hootlng and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make ofTer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st-
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WASTED — To exchange Income property ! In
Alameda for stock of merchandise In £. F.;
value about $8000. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR eale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc. ;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., S Eddy.
EXCHANGES 'made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st
FOR exchange— Lot 23x125. with cottage. East
Oakland; high basement, cement sidewalks;
everything first class; on direct car line; for
rooming-house. 8. F. : value $2000. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR eale — Flrst-class electrician and lock-
smith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons" for selling. CAMERON & CO
A GOOD paying bakery: fine family trade;
long lease; rent only $15 per month: every-
thing In first-class condition; a good oppor-
tunity for a practical baker; only $300 cash
required. HAWKS & MEHRTENS. Seventh
st and Railroad ave., Alameda.
MUST sell immediately on account of sickness;
flrst-clasc roadhouse and saloon; all nicely
furnished; 16 rooms and bar; long lease;
cheap rent; no reasonable offer refused. In-
qulre Batt's Villa. Elrr.hurat. Cal.
HOTEL for eale: located in a town on the
6. P. and Sante Fe railroads; fireproof
building; 45 rooms; well established and a
good patronage; lease if desired. Address
box 2292. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea end gplce route over 18
years' standing; selling on account of miring
from business. For particulars Inquire at 111)
Front st, between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m.
A— $2250; MILLINERY business; swell loca-
tlon; receipts average' $S0O monthly; Invoice
$2800; low rent; rare opportunity. KREDO
& CO.. 765 Market st.
Wn Incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted aecurltles: leans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Ellicott Square,
Buffalo. :
$500 — RELIABLE man, wllllnt to work, can
purchase Interest In estab. mfg. business; le-
gitimate, paying proposition; bear closest in-
vestigation; can clear $100 mo. 247 Fifth st.
i $2000 — -HALF Interest In new enterprise; posi-
tively best money-making,, legitimate busi-
ness in city: mufft have good business man-
ager. Box 2007, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS hardware store, well established
and located, for eale on account of sickness;
only $S250; take half city real estate. Box
SS05. Call offlce.
A LAUNDRY agency In San Francisco- for
eale; no competition In several blocks of it;
present owner has run the place for 14
years; rent very low. Address box 1967, Call.
FOR sate — A *2SC0 confectionery and Ice-
cream parlor: everything new; the finest fur-
, nished place north of S. F. Write to the
Palace Candy Store. L. B. 13, Red Bluff, Cal.
• JH*ft-WAXTED, Eood. reliable man as part-
; ner t6 take half interest in good paying
teaming business In San Francisco. P C
! LASSKN & CO.. 406 Tenth »t.. Oakland, Ca;.
£)CO— PARTNER in light business; chance for
right man: must be sober and reliable.
[ BERG &. ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny. «t.
¦ SALOON for sale; old-eMablished; $5Oo] in^
quins WATSON 4 CO., lOOti Washington St..
' Oakland. • v " ;.
?45O— WAGON and small dairy produce route:
Kood chance for tulidlng up. Inquire at S2Q
\ Hamr-Fliire st. ,
, OWL saloon und dance hall; fine location:
guarantee good business: mint bn »o!d; price
i reasoAsMe. Inquire C. de Julio, 1120 Duponi.
, FOR eale — Saloon ' license with or without fix-
tures. SW. cor. Seventh and Xownsend sts.
COTTAGES TO-LET — Mill Valley.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage. 5 rooms and
bath; $35 month. Apply C22 O'Farrell et.
COTTAGES rOBSALE.
FOR sale — Cottage. 6 rooms and bath. Inquire
nt SS Cumberland st. ;.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Paclflc Collection Co., 413
Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Main 6580. f
J3EKTISTS;
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 80"; fillings. 50c:
plates, $5; full net; all work painless and
• warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old p'ates made over like new: teeth
tiom $S per set; extracting SOc; gas given.
DR KNOX, dentist, now located at the Grant
building. 1005 Market st., room 203; all flrst-
class dentistry at low prices.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up; fillings. 25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, eurgeon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor.-\ O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; ellver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.201 Suttr.
ALL work guaranteed by the New Tork den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th
DKESSKAKEEGJV1J3 SEAMSTBESSE3.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Pattern- cut to measure; eve. class, 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDTJCATIONAJk. "
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 73S Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. ATRES, founder and manager Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course,
$5 a month; life scholarship, $50. Day,
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges: refs.. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
morn performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
HINMAN'S School of Dancing. 1412 Polk st,
bet. Pine and California, and branch school,
.. cor. Howard and 21st — Adult classes are now
open; children's class will open Sat.. Aug. 13.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A — Metro. Business Col. (gr. and h. s.), 602 V.
Ness; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Prea.
SCHOOL oFIlLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pln» St.— Njght class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Haight;
individual lnstruc. ; all branches; day, eve.
WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. 6 mo. $30. eve. $4 mo.; private.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 923 Golden
Gate ave., S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
OPPICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 6261.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st ; tel. Main 5752.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL," 609 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stockton;
. best help. Fritz Tamagakl, mgr.;tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 3183.
CHINESE. and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A — BOOKKEEPER, cashier; young lady; ex-
pert accountant; thoroughly experienced In
offlce work; quick, accurate; competent to
take full charge; Al references. Box 2939,
Call offlce.
SITUATION as second work or upstairs work
and sewing; no objection to country. Box
2870, Call offlce. - r r
COMPETENT, reliable woman. flrst-class
cook, wants position in private family
erences. Box 2871, Call offlce.
A NEAT young woman would like to get
light chamberwork or light housework; no
postals. Call at 302 Fourth st.
LADY desires position as housekeeper; city or
country. Call or address Housekeeper, 1429
Mission st.
A GOOD ranch cook wants cooking for men;
country. 324 Mason 8t. ; phone Black 2390.
¦ Call.
AMERICAN woman, has child, good cook,
wants work; country. 324 Mason; phone
Black 2396.
SEAMSTRESS would like sewing In families;
children's and ladles' work; $1 day; car fare;
lunch only. Box 3003, Call offlce.
SWEDISH lady wishes situation to do general
housework for small American family. 2010
Mission et., near Sixteenth.
WOMAN wants work by the day, light house-
work, cooking or care of Invalid or children
331 Hayes st.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper or to cook for small camp. Call or
address 905 Folsom st.
WANTED — A few • more Engagements by grad-
uate masseuse. Box 3004, Call.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper; best of
references. 1526 Hyde st.
LADY would like engagements, family nura-
lng. Address or call Nurse, 1429 Mission.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position;
j best references. Address box 2378, Call.
I SITUATION as bookkeeper wanted; experl-
enced ; good reference given. Address box !
3896. Call offlce.
A REFINED young lady with a college educa- !
tlon desires a position as stenographer. Box '
3889, Call offlce.
HOUSECLEANING by the^ day; also gocd
seamstress; no washing. Address box 3S^ti
Call offlce. .
GIRL 16 years old wishes position In a candy
store; no experience. Address box 3325
, Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
• more engagements by the day; good cutter
( ; and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 3397. Call.
YOUNG lady of high school education would
like Position as secretary; best of references.
Box 3348.' Call orflce. - - •— > • '* ,
lODOINO-HOUSES POBJlAjlE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN,
•406 Hearft bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market st». Tel. Hlack 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
52 ROOMS; centrally located; hotel; reduced
from $5000 to $3500; rent only $250 per
month: this Is absolutely the be6t bargain In
a hotel In S. F. MARION GRIFFIN.
52 ROOMS; magnificently furnished through-
out 3 rAonths; corner house, with all con-
veniences known to modern architecture; long
lease; $4000 cash Is all the money required;
snap. See MARION GRIFFIN.
81 ROOMS: long lease: low rental; newlv fur-
nished; a give away at $1400. Only with
MARION GRIFFIN.
$3500 BUYS 85 rooms, with new furniture and
filled with steady roomers; clearing over all
expenses $250 per month: unequaled as an
Investment In any line of business. Get par-
ticulars from MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 40C Examiner bldg., San Francisco.
$23,000 BUYS one of San Francisco's finest
hotels, with bar; long lease at very low
rental; all modem conveniences; centrally
• located; magnificently and substantially fur-
nished; If you are looking for a business
where you can clear $1000 per month here
Is your opportunity and you need only a
small amount of cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
$1400 FOR a beautifully furnished 14-room
sunny corner house. MARION GRIFFIN.
34 ROOMS; /Sutter st.; corner house: always
full of steady roomers; clearing $175 per
month. This Is worthy your Investigation.
MARION GRIFFIN.
32 ROOMS: located In heart of San Francisco's
best transient district; a beautiful corner
>ou«e. well furnished and scrupulously clean;
on account of sickness of owner will eell at
a ridiculously low price and loan half the
money. Particulars at MARION GRIFFIN'S.
406 Examiner bulldlnc.
TO Intending purchasers of a hotel, apartment-
house or lodging-house In San Francisco we
wish to state that it will be to your Interest,
financially, to obtain reliable information
and facts concerning same from MARION
GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner building, San
Francisco. Cal. , •
SPIBITTTAI.ISM.
MME. YOUNG'S developing circle to-night.
25c, 619 McAllister: readings dally, 1720
Sacramento st.
DEAD-TRANCE medium; names, business,
mining; circles Tuesdays, Thursdays, Satur-
days, S,p. m. 325 ElUs St., front parlor.
MME. FLORENCE, card reader and. palmist;
prices reasonable; hours 10-9. 713 California.
Mrs.K.M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
ing, developing. 2.190 Mission 204"5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
CI.AIBYOYAJTTS.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
, My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
- Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power In your nature bo you cau
fascinate any one you desire, win the one jpu
love, bring back your loved one, and caase
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. ; closed Sunday. §28 O'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third ft., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description -of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affaire of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings 51. Would It not be relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then lor reliable reading go, to Livingstone,
42S Eddy st.: three separate reception par-
}ors; lady attendants; hours 10 a, m. 8 p. m.
A — Miss M. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given ; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c: G.. $1. 714. Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR, Egyptian neeress. The Vendome, Hot
Market. St., San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 8 to 8. Phone South 1141."
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmist, clalrvoyant,eard
reader; when others fall try me;good readings
2oc. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA "reads life; business ad~
vice; nnmes given; 25c up. 8 Ellis St.
MME. ODELL returned; clalrvoyant.card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis at. ¦
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates.
facts: readings dally. 917 Market, room 3. !
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
H'i pappg. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A»P CMANING.
COMi'KEfc'SJiD Air and Vacu um » Proceaa now
universally used, for cleaning carpets on floor
"without removal; carpeta and rugs are alao
cleaned by compresned air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 308 Market at.; phones Main 102 and
Bu»h 479. 7
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
t*nd for 8PAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
¦ carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74. '
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlton st.; AI cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works.
3Xt Golden Gate ave. ' Telephone . East 126.
HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresaes made over. 1432 Howard :tel.South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main ."!)4. GEO.WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH & CO..carpet-beatlng works: prices
reasonable 1703 Harrison ft.: tel.MU»lon'2C3
CI.OTZI3TO BEKO7ATIKQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed.: $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 EUi» Bt. room 14;
phone Drumm 44» Call for and. deliver free.
FOR sale or lease; a bargain; blacksmith and
wheelwright shop; corner location; stoclc at
cost; tools modern; eold at 60 per cent of
cost: abundance of work; prices good; spot
cash: must be sold In 20 days: Marlposa
County seat, a mining camp. A. B. VAN
CAMPEN. Maripota. Mariposa County. Cal.
WELL established truck and express business
for sale. For particular* address 170 Au-
tumn St., San Jose. Cal.
$125 — PARTNER In established business; full
Investigation; $75 per mo. Box 2869. Call.
CIGAR stand to rent. 401 Third st., comer;
rent $10.
CIGAR-STAND for sate on Mission st; good
locality. Box 1901. Call offlce.
GROCERY and liquor store for sale on a good
corner In Mission. Address box 2269, Call.
WANTED — To buy a cigar-stand; give location
and Dries aek*d. Box 2222. Call offlce.
GOOD paying restaurant for eale, with liquor
license. Address box 192S, Call ofnee. '
WANTED — A restaurant In city. Address,
with prlee, etc., box 229S, Call offlce.
A STATIONERT and bazaar; will reduce
stock to suit purchaser. 1015 Fullmore st.
FOR sale — Corner saloon, with lease; best busi-
ness etreet south of Market. Inquire 109 4th.
A BRANCH offlee of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
lODOnrQ-HOPSES FOB 3AI.E.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy Bt, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotel* and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
108 rooms; rent only $5 60 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get firtt-class house that is clearing
$350 to $150 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people In coming con-
clave; owner obliged' to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
7-room modern flat, dose In. well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain If sold at once; $300.
45 rooms; rent aaly $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over 5200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
32 roome; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and rar-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
elent can clear J.".OO to $350 per month; here Is
best proposition In city; price $3200.
IS rooms; rent $63; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price; $S0O.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; musttleave city.
8-room flat; rent ¥45; close In; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure; price $400.
00-room, new, modern '2 and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 6 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
2S rooms; elegant fur. family hotel on Nob
Hili; doing fine business; will trade for largo
apartment-hou?e and pay cash difference.
S rooms and closets; East St.; rent only $18;
good furniture and carpets; everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
180 rooms; grand, dew, modern apartmeot-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month:
close In; full of nice people; bargain It taken at
ence; dissolution of partnership.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In line shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2S00.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance,
can be paid out of the house; other business
interests demand immediate departure.
73 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $100 per month; $1000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
16 rooms; rent $C5; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next 10
days; leaving city; make offer.
125 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrsrt -class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with u«. •;„*<
IOC rooms; cheap rent; flrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $100 per
month: call for particulars.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long leafe; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of v the best buys In the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
¦Z, - CAMERON it CO.. 3 Eddy st.
H. C. DECKER, 908 MARKET.
28 YEARS SELLING HOUSES.
SEE MY BARGAINS. i
15-room house, only $400 cash $1100
Flat, 6 rooms, worth $300 .» 150
20 rooms, on Fourth »t 800
48 rooms ; fine corner 3200 i
60 rooms: clears $350 5000
10 rooms; fine corner; transient.. 600
11 rooms; fine buy ;. 700
15 rooms; transient .. SOO
28 rooms; beautiful corner 27O0
CO ROOMS; LIQUOR LICENSE 7000
I HAVE HOUSES, LARGE AND SMALL.
THIRTY rooms, nicely 'furnished, lease. .$3500
£O room*, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 room*, low rent, country transient. C000
3] rooms, rent only ?55... 500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1300
hi rooraa, rent $3 per room............ 3400
Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
; MITCHELL & c67. ~
120C Market Bt.- Phone Jeesie 2981.
Itooming-houses, hotels and flats; will sell
any house; part cash; balance easy payments.
45- r. transient; lease; rent $205: clears $173.
II r.; rent 65: downtown;. for $450.7
•44 r.; rent $240: modern apartments: Al.
105-r. apartment v rent ¦ J5 room ; full.
MITCHI*^. & CO.. 1206 Market.
• A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
f.f advertisements and subscriptions has been
I opened ct IOCS Market £t.. opposite Fifth.
until II p. ra.
: LODGING-HOUSE, 42 rooms,'; for asle; mod-
! em; gas and electric lights, steam heat, etc
Addresa box 2226. ; Call- offlce.
TAYLOR, 318—12 cicely furnished rooms and
bath; reasonable offer accepted.
: . . i^55k3?J j~\ ATT
THE CALL
JOiDf D. SI*RECliJELS. . ..Proprietor
• • • Address Communications to
• JOHy McNAtf GHT. ~t ¦ V : . '. :'.Mangger
\V. J. MART1X Boslnes^Magacg:
r.fte'rivered by Carriers. » Ctt. f er Week. 7»
Cta. Per Month. Single Copies 3 CU.
' *Terns by Mail. Iacludla* Po»t*«e <Casa With
¦¦<r- • . .Order): •» aa
". VAXLrT- CALL <lnclud. Sunday). 1 /<**¦¦• ••* Sg
'•. DiilLY CALL tlnelud. Sunday). 6 mot... *;W
UAILT CALL— By Stnsle Moatn...- w «»-
•.•FUNDAT CALL, 1 T«ar -j~
'^ E KLToCAl^^Ye*r
._ FOREIGN- J ej£&;. 4.18 Her Tear Extra.
' - -POSTAGE. [ ¦Weekly 1 00 Per Tear Extra
•.•>LL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
. - TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTION*
. 'Sample Cop!*t will be forwarded when re-
• • . " <rue»ted. , . I
.'•• Mafl •abecriber* in ordering change of aa- j
• tr*, ajjtr-ld be x*rUeular to give both *>JW
' : AND OLD ADDRESS tn order to lnixire a
. pn^rpt and con*ot compliance with their re-
X* vuett. |
• - '• ' oaxlant> emcEi
¦ *.. 1016 Broadway. Telephone Main 10S3
•I-'".'. * BETOCELET~OFFICE:
' tiiS Ceater Etreet Telephone North 77
.¦."• " WAEHECGTCW CORRESPONpENT:
; ¦ fAarUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
! : . : KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aatoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
. •t'TiIon Equar* ; Murray Hill Hottrl: FUth-ave-
• niih-Hott! and Hoffman Houw.
-r ' " ' CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
¦••"'.' -Sherman House: ' P. O. News Co.; Great
". Nortberf Hotel": Tresnotst Hou»e; Auditorium
•¦j'-Hcte]; Palmer Hotoae.
; I -' ' CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
.".C GEORGE KROGNESS,.Marquette Building;
': ••'.<Looi Distance Telephone, "Central 261». )
- • ' NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
-.''"¦FTEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
¦' V"'* - XEW TORK: CORRESPONDENT:
'/¦¦- <?. -C. CAitLTON, - Herald Square
.¦ ; :bTSfNEflS. 'OFFICE of the Sa.3 Francisco
'.: •'Call.' comer Market and Third streets: open
i'-ii liEtll 12 o'clock every right In the year.
. •' ; ¦ . • . BEANCH OFFICES:
:: ';':IKM Market street, oppoalte Fifth: open until
-.. •¦¦ 11 p. m. . • • -
. ! .e27' •Mortjroinery: street, corner Clay: open
-:•-' '¦•'uEtlI.»:JLb p. m. • -
¦'• : -EC>0 Hay^a Ftreet;'open nntil 8:80 p. m.
.7? COT MoAi:ister «treet: open until 9:30 p. m.
"- ; f 15 -Larkln »treet;-open until 9:80 p. m.
.'lJ»4l Mission etrtet: open until 10 p. m.
• •• >06 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
•;,• -j «#« Valencia street: ©i>»n until 9 p. m.
f .-. .Northeeat corner Church and Duncan etreeta;
; — .• '* gRtn up{ll 9* p. m.
'.';¦¦' 8381 FtUmoce «tr«^t: open. until • p. ra.
:.'.'-•;'* * MEIUIlllg yOTXC£3.
' ' <i ALIFORNIA Cfrancll No. 2, R. and B
','•. ! £ Ma will . meet THIS (WEDNES- %/V
¦ I'- 'PAT) -EVENING. Auratt S, at 8 /VN
•¦-*' o'clock, for business and de«ree«. By
•¦.¦'•.•cjder of- the T. I. M.
;' ; ; ' •. • FRANKLIN H. DAT. Recorder.
'¦v\V:arjr.T mpriah Lodce No. u. v. e
•¦• ' asd A. M.-r-Stated meetlnr THISVy
¦': ¦¦•."• «WEDNES13AT) EVENING at 8 /V\
;' ; : : • q' clock- . THEO. FROLICH. Sec
' •' ' CTiOCJCETT. LoSire No. 139. F. end A. at
;.;¦;•' M. — Etat*d meeting THIS (WEDNES- ¦%/V'
.«-'. DAT) EVENINO a.t 8 o'clock. By or- />r\
•'.:••¦• de'r. of the W. M.
:='•.' • . r. h. McPHERSON. Becretary.
':•• /EXCELSIOR Lodire No. 166, F. and A- •
'.- ••«. -^-Stated tnfettar THIS (WEDNES- VVf
•¦ -DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /VN
.-:. .'¦ H: J. OWEN. Secretary.
• r -'MEJIBERS of San Francisco Lodge
..'¦••w >'o.. '3, I. O. .Q_ F., ore r^q'jeM^z^ZgjQ&aL
•'to sfcTr.tle et tfce'.r hall. £^»nth- J >^>2&^?
'';•'¦•• iv'i Market eta., for the purpose *™**^
i r>! attending: the' raneral of our late brother,
.':••. C. E. THOMAS, -WEDNESDAT.Aug. 3. 1
':¦ -.p. rn. ' • • G. IVANOVICH. V. G.
:• ;;;:/.M. I*. BRILLIANT. Rec. Sec.
.': './TIONAL tr.nicn. Cal'.for- ygnrgw^
•'. "r.:a" Council, meets TO- NgSffia*.
T'. ' ' MGBT 'at Pioneer Hall. -r jn
'..•••-•¦ -Fourth" et., at 8 o'clock. ' ™
'. l-VwttDg Wend*, cordially invited; InlUatlon.
\ By order • C. BENDEL. President.
'-.*:.:• '.-. -C.-H. VANVORDEN. Secretary.
-•' ." A^ETRIAN ' Benevolent Society — Res- \-*-'W- .
¦ '..: ¦ u Tar meeting- on a'EDJTESDAT, Aus.ghfjhe
': '-- .•?'. 1904. al th*lr ha!U <13 Sia'er Bt.. JSffifir
•-'; -. ar.fj o'c)pck/ p. ra.- aharp. Epe- *&£**
' .", ' .lj*l : and Itapcrtent business. Fines for non-
-. • will be strictly enforced. By
¦"-•. '.' order cf . . J. W. STANEART. President.
; : /¦ '.DE Wrrf.W. TOLL. Rec. Sec
'•' ET. A'NDRE-WS Society— A eclebra- . «7 *r.
¦ I tton In • honor- of the 133rd annlver- ;Jl £» O/7
. - - : eary of the "birth of EIR 'WALTER **kX£*
' ' ->=COTT will be held in the Scottish "*«^%
." • Hall. 107 Larkln Bt.. on MONDAY EVEN-
ING, the 15th of August. Literary and mu-
. '' • *ieaj programme at 8, dancing at 10. Tickers,
'" •' 25c. to be had from member* of the society
. :.-" •" and at hall door.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN, Pres.
. .'. : J. BLACK. Sec.
" " : OFFICE of • the McCarty Wlre!«ws Telephone
'. '.. Company. Room 327. 027 Market St.. San
• , . Francisco.- Cal., Auk. 2, 1904.— To the Stock-
¦ ¦ .' 'fccl6>rs of the MeC*ty Wlpfle»s Telephone
<•: '-Company, a Corporation: Public notice Is
'. -hereby «ri*TP that a special meetlnr of the
• ** 'Ftockhc'.ders of the McCarty Wireless Tele-
. •' - phone Company will be held at th# offlce of
.- •- »h* «sid company, rooai 327. »27 Market at..
. - . han' Francisco. Cal.. on TX'ESDAT, August
• .. l«, 1904, at "8. o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
. • . of declftrTng vacant the offices of president.
';. .'" secretary and treasurer, and also as directors
• ' .of, said corporation: said meeting Is called by
ortier or Henry A. McCarty. guardian of the
»irtjit» of Francis J. McCarty. owner and
f • holder of more than two- thirds of the syb-
«ribed <-a:>ittl etock of said corporation.
. . • HENRY "A. MiKTARTT. Guardian cf the Ea-
' •- tate of Francrs J. McCarty.
CHEAPEST *nd beat In America — The Weekly
. fall. 16 r**<fe, sent to any address In the
TInited Ktate^ or Conpfla on» rear for tl.
4OHKTS WASTED.
'•EtTSTLING and competent solicitor*: either
*• sex; liberal effer: big mem^y; rapid selling
i •• article. 214 Pine et., room 20.
. MEN and women wanted Immediately; active
m : workers; a esap for old-time industrial in-
»>;rarice agents. fllC Market Ft., room 58.
ATTOBaXY8-AT-I.A-P7.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
ttb floor; entrance room 611; established 13
yearn; a*ll cases, general court and efflce
practice; no fee tn advance or for conrulta-
t.cn; evening* by appointment. Tel. Red SC01. !
ADVICE free on all legal matters; dlvorcea a,"
specialty: private, quick; no pay In advance:
iclnics companies organized :patents obtained:
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market at.; estab. 22 yra.
' .PENSION any.— M. HARRIS. 40 ElUs St.. 13
jtb.. practice; refs. from many thousands of
•rldiers, eallore. widows and orphans on Pa-
clSc Ccazt for whom I have secured pension*.
V 1 VORCB — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advlc*
free: all law buslnias: no charge unless sue-
«•<* aful; «t»n evenlnga. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
cceu In advance: all law bueinesi; offlce
epen Saturday evenings. 819 Market st.. r.33.
MONET advanced heirs on estates; estates pro-
bated: consul, free. F.Colbourn. atfy,927 MkC
I*. S. CLARK. 927 Market st7- consultation
fr*«: no fees In advance; open eveninga.
r A TENTS arid oensinr*— SONNTAO"S PAT-
ENT & I-ENSION AGCY.. 214 Pine, 6th floor.
A WEEK'S r.cws for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
*S payey. in wrapper, for mail Inc. 81 per year
ATJTOBIOBH.ES.
GMltSMOBILE for sale; good condition. Box
:f*72. Call offlce. .
ASTHMA BEMBDT.
r«r NOLA'S Asthma P.err.fdy relieves' inFtanN
i> : 10c. 25c, &O<\ 1C02 Market, St. Nicholas-
i!so Wishart drur ftore. Tenth and 'Wash-
inr *on rts.. Oakland.
BrKDS,_DOGS._ETC. _ S
TOI'NG parrots, raaranteed to Ulk. IS^iiach-
isrjrwt variety dogs, birds, cagea. etc.. at low
rri.-ey. 1544-4C Market at. . -- ¦
•- J ' BOOKS. 33Z
CCHOOL book*, old and new. bought and sold
. DALY & CURKAN, ££7 Geary et.
In HOTHOUSE TREASURES the artist has shown a cluster of freshly culled roses in
their wonderful variety— Jacqueminot, American Beauties, Marechal Niel and others — falling in
rich profusion from a bowl. The exquisite coloring is followed in detail and the picture is sure
to be appreciated by all lovers of nature in art. This study admits of a variety of styles of
framing and will be, a valued ornament in any home.
Premiums can be obtained by -presenting advertisements at:
' GIFTS GIVEN BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets:
" *" open until 12 o'clock every night in the year. . ,
WTTtnoMTr ___.„ BRANCH OFFICES:. '
THURSDAY FRIDAY 1008 Marke * street, opposite Fifth; open until II 1 p. m.
111U1W1/A1, I.J.VU/.n.± 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
« C1TTTDAAV 63D MacAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
and SATURDAY SS^SS^SSS^SStSSlSi £ -
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
_.« 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
; «lUw 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. ' -•
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
TiriiTT irvTrrnTTCrnc Northwest corner Twenty-second and, Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
WANT ADVERTISERS 2200 Flllmore etreet: open until 9 p. m.
================== =:z . OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
._- BERKELEY OFFICE:
: ¦^_" ' i 9 f> 11 2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
Next Sunday s Call _ alameda office-.
Schneider's Book Store Park Street
STRONG comp^t€nt~Amcrican woman, tern- .
perate.' honest wants, lisht sweeping and
washing by the day; fine laundress; cheerful
worker; SI 2."V and car fare. IS!) Fourth si..
first llight. room 24. '^''¦ ii . i
SITUATION wanted as chambermaid and up-
stairs girl; can furnish references; reasona-
ble wages. Box 3313, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook and laun-
dress, wishes position with an American
family; likes chiidrfn; v.-ill give references;
will go a short way in country; moderate
wages. 47 Shipley et.. near Folsom. '¦)
RELIABLE woman wishes a position; is a ,
good cowk: city or country. 267 Minna St..
between Third aud Fourth.
A RESPECTABLE young lady would like to I
. travel as» companion to elderly lady; refer- |
' encea. Address box 12S3, Call office. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED, neat young weman desires to .
do housework from 8 to 4 dally. Box 2S€2.
Call office.
: A LADY having hospital experience would I
like position as companion or nurse to In- •
valid: country preferred. Address B. B.. 219A | .
Mason st. * ,
EXPERIENCED young lady desires position
as general office assistant; references. Box
8339, Call office.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day, P
washing and house cleaning; $1 SO a day and I
carfare. 545 Mir.na st.
WANTED — To read to an old couple or baby
to mind by respectable woman. Please call
or address 3273 Harrison st.
WANTED— By a middle-aged New England
woman a situation as ccok; city or country.
Call or address Cook. 381 O'Farrell st.
SITUATION as stenographer; 4 years' experi-
ence in law office; Rood reference given.
Address box 3837. Call office.
AN export dressmaker by the day; good fitter,
designer; rapid worker. Telephone, evenings
only. Scott 1S71.
WANTED — Eastern seamstress, perfect fitter,
cutter and designer, would accept engage-
ments at your home. Address box 3SI>7, Call.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing or
children's plain sewing. 4M Sanchez at.
RELIABLE German girl wishes position; up-
stairs work and waiting. 203 Guerrero st.
YOUNG woman wants steady work by the
day; cleaning offices preferred. C31 Jessie.
YOUNG woman wishes situation as nurse-
girl. $13. 81 Federal st.
YOUNG lady wishes a position an housework
In private family. Box 3336, Call office.
WORK by day or washinr. $1 CO. 74ft How-
ard et.
STRONG woman wishes house and window
cleaning, $1 50 day. Box 3396, Call office.
POSITION to do housework small family; no
washing. Box 3347. Call office.
GIRL wishes position as nurse r willing to do
housework. Box 3334, Call office.
FEW more family washings to take home.
Card, or Inquire 2S19 Baker st.
COLORED lady wishes position In laundry.
613 Powell st.: phone Elack 3667.
A LADY wishes place for nursing or light
. housekeeping. 232 Francisco st., city.
JAPANESE girl wants a position to do cook-
Ing or housework. In family; good experience.
IS Lewis place.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st
ADVERTISEMENTS, sutecrlptlona received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
SMPLOYMEITT WANTED— MAM.
WANTED — Steady chorework or any good
Email country farm place of trust, kind
people only, by young, competent, reliable.
New York State American, willing man;
34; best habits; references; no teamster: can.
milk: reasonable wages. Address P. J. F..
box 3034. Call.
SITUATION wanted on gentleman's residence.
Institution, etc., to do chores, especially car-
pentering (tools on hand), by el«'.»rly Swiss-
American. Address FRANK T., 1470 San
Bruno ave., city.
A GERMAN wishes a situation as clerk In
grocery store and barroom or general mer-
chandise store; flrst-class references. W.
BOHLING, 417 Kearny st.
GERMAN cook wishes position In restaurant,
boarding-house or hotel; city or country.
Address 65S Fttlsom at.
BARTENDER, young man, sober, honest and
reliable, wishes a position. Address P. O.,
206 Fourth st.
BY good hoisting engineer, mine work or
crane; references. Box 3032. Call.
EASTERN poultryman. 7 yearsf experience,
used to Incubators and brooders, wants work
on poultry ranch to manage: would take
ranch to run on shares. Poultryman. box
SS27. Call office.
YOUNG man (27) with 6 yearsf experience In
wholesale office as chief bookkeeper and cor-
respondent, seeks engagement: would accept
$1000 to start if good prospect of advance-
ment; highest references. Box 3S3S. Call.
WANTED — Work of any kind by young man
not afraid to work; well posted In the gro-
cery and delicatessen business; care of fruit
and vegetables; good marker. Box 2S64, Call.
ELDERLY man wants work; private place;
gardening; horses; useful tn general; good
cook and baker; wages moderate; references.
Address box 1284, Call office, Oakland.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller; IS years' experience; mining,
stationery, power plants, factories: wants
work at home. Address box 3432, Cal] office.
POSITION wanted by a- middle-aged man as
night watchman; 10 years' reference. Ad-
dress B. HESS, care of Chutes Co., Fulton
street and Tenth avenue.
A MTDDLE-AGED German, handy and willing
worker, would like a place In some whole-
sale house; -rery reasonable wages expected.
Box 2S36. Call.
A REFRIGERATING and electrical engineer
wishes position: 20 years' experience; not
afraid of work. Address Engineer, 807
Call building.
A YOUNG, sober and Industrious Danish man
wishes situation at anything; will give good
references. Address JENS P. HANSEN,
1530 Kentucky st.
YOUNG man wants 1 position 4 or 6 hours, day
or night; wages reasonable; references fur-
nished. Address box.3S94. Call offlce,
CARPENTER, thoroughly experienced, good
workman and bench hand, steady, wants
''work; $3 per day. Box 2S65, Call offlce.
A BOOKKEEPER with several years' experi-
ence In this city desires position; moderate
salary. Box 3900. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man. sober, best of ' references,'
wishes a situation in a private place: coun-
try: handy with tools. Bex 34S0, Call offlce.
GROCERY clerk, ycung man. Would like posi-
tion tn corner grocery; best references. Box
3CC5, Call offlce.
POSITION as foreman on hay. grain or stock
/ranch by Cal. farmer with many years' ex-
perience. 936 Pine St.. W. Oakland
- V
WANTED— Position as wrapper. Box 3S63
Call office. '
SALESMAN would like position in wholesale
lace house. Addresa box SS34, Call office..
WANTED — A place In a bakery^ Box" Hsii^ '
YOUNG man wants work .Inside. Box 3S63
Call offlce,. ««««»,
BARBER wants steady work. 927 Turk st.
Y °UNG man wishes situation In country. 626
Y< st u or ; G a'Tga^t* 1111 *"" aa porte7l;
B ?r Y ade 5 SSTag&Mg' -""<*™^
T^gS."*A^a. "c^l^fnV 0 **» W
Appiy QEdRG ~g
;
sagpiO'srarsyT wa^tep— Male— -Con.
A YOUNG man. 6 years' experience In machine
shop, wnnts emplcyraent of any kind: city
or country. Address bcx 3.101. Call office.
WANTED — Position as porter. 36 Fourth
street.
A SMALL boy wants position as office boy.
Box 3309. Call office.
A YOUNG man of 20 would like a position as
bookkeeper. Fox 3S47. Call office.
A MAN wants work of any kind. 64* Steven-
son st. S. C. NATHAN.
WANTED — Errand boy. Box St40, Call office.
JEWELER wants steady position; city or
country; state wage*. Box 3363. Call office.
X YOUNG colored man wantsr sltiJttcn as
porter or janitor. Address 127 Seccnd st.
WANTED — Situation by colored man as port'r
or Janitor. Address 127 Second st.
JAPANESE schoolboy, havins best experience
cf cookinr. desire* position In smajl family:
has best references. KURO, 1320 Pine; phon*
Larkln 2611.
A STRONG Japanese boy wan'.i situation to
do cookinz anJ housework; speaks English
well: wazes $7 a week. Address G. 3..
1303H Caatro »t. ¦
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position in
private family. TEOVMTO. 703 Larkln St.;
> tel. Polk 37S2.
JAPANESE bright boy desires position to do
housework, or as a kitchen help. MATSU.
20SA O'Farrell st.
JAPANESK boy wants position, cook or general
housework. Frank Kunishlge. 1103 Mission.
FI2rANClA.il.
BONDS rl3crd at low interest: electric rail-
roads financed. JAS. E. OORDON. 62S
Crossley building.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE^RE7?ffNa~DEPARTMENT!
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 10O< .
In number: a combined list from all agencies:
let us give you a list and help you to flaJ
• place: we never fall: aervlcs" fre«.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an lmmwis* list:,
¦•rrlce absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; U will aav* you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-233
Geary st.. en the square.
NEW Colonial flats. Franklin •*.. b«twe»n
Vailejo and Green; marine view; sun and
light in every room; artistic finish; very
reasonable rents. Particulars from HAU-
SHALL. 12 Kearny St.: phone Red 2431.
CASTRO. 421. near 17th — Sunny belt; modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 families; $10; stable.
NOE. 105O — Beautiful new flat; sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
convenient to Castro and 24th-st. cars.
GREEN. 2132, near Webster — New modern up-
per i*Vroom fiat; unobstnictible ciarine view;
lent $75; convenient to all car lines.
HAIGHT. 712, rear Pierce— New, swell T an!
8 rvK.m flats; marble v»at!bui<*s. etc.; nearly
completed; owner on premises.
LAUREL av«., 22t, off Van Ness avenue, be-
tween Turk and E.Idy street.* — Four roonU
and bath.
NEW G and 7 room fiats, elegantly finished;
one b!ock north of Market. 137 to 163 No*
»t.. near Fifteenth.
$27 50 — 6-ROOM eunny flat; 4 additional attla'
rooms; gas. mantels, latest plumbing: 13
minutes Call bldg. 1433 Broderick. nr. Post.
BUSH, 1417. between Polk st. and Van Nesa
ave. — 6 rooms, bath, yard, basement.
CORNER Twsnty-third and Guerrero — Flat. T
rooms and bath; newly tinted.
OAK, 832 — Flat, 3 rooms, bath and basement.
HICKORY ave., 333 — Flat. 5 rooms, bath and
wash tray.
TWENTY-NINTH. 221— Nicely furnished Cat.
5 rooms and bath: coal and gas stove.
$12 — i SUNNY rooms. 129 Ivy ave., near
Van Ne?s ave. and Hayes .st.
BCOTT. 2i$ — Upper Bat. 6 sunny modern
rooms and bath; rent $27 50.
BEAUTIFUL upper fiat; 7 rooms; bath; sun
every room: rent $30. 2834 Post at.
BRYANT. 1012 — 4 rooms and bath, yard and
cellar.
CHESTNUT. S84, near Leavenworth — 2 -elegant
new flats, G and 7 rooms; grand marine view.
DIAMOND, 12(V— Modern lower Cat; S rooms
and bath; rent $17 5(X
FILLMORE, 1126 — Mcdern 7 rooms; all larg*
and light; corner; rent $40.
FLAT — 3 cozy rooms; 26 Reed St.; rent $13.
Apply 1325 Washington St.. .near Jones.
FREDERICK. 3G3, near Cole— Upper flat, T
rooms and bath; $2S CO.
LARGEST list of houses and fiata to let. Call
on LYON A HOAO. IIS Montgomery *t.
NEARLY new upper flat. 4 rooms and batX
336% Tehama at.
PACIFIC ave.. 2403. near Flllmore— Lower
flat. 6 rooms; sun tn .every rooci; garden.
HAIGHT, 1299. Bnena Vista, cor. Central »•»!
—Elegantly furnished flats; also tmfnrnlrtnil;
fccuie has all conveniences and is situated ia
•elect Eelghborbood.
rsATsjroB SAiiS—rroinsiusp.
FURNISHED flat of 0 'rooms and beta for
sale; rant of flat $25. Box 1033. Call office.
FOR sale — Furnished flat of 6 rooms; all new;
rent $27 SO. Box 2233. Call office.
nrsyrrtTRE tor she.
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $T 3d
down and $1 00 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 340 Poet at., near Powell.
FURNITURE ol lO-rooro lodging-house - for
sale to-day. 2S7 Geary st. "
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk, nr. Market.
furnishes everything tor the house ;low prices,
FOR sale cheap: a solid oak folding bed. Ad-
dress box 2VU7. Call office. <;
FURNITURE, stoves., bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencia.nr.l6th.Tel. Church 337«.
WAJTTE3.
ABE LEVT^
Salesroom, 1133 Market st. Tel. Jescte 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets office fur-
niture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. Lt-VY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture. carpet?, etc. 7*C Mission ;te!. Bush 813.
wanted rrrTrrrrrrrrrr.
Lady stock clerk, millinery, bring references!
$U to $7 50.
Neat servant girl. $23, room and board.
Four machine hands, elevtiic for
children' a cans and bonr.ets IS to $1*
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
LIU) Hearst Buitdlnff.
A COOK for IS men at a lumber camp $.10-
, a first-class laundress, private family. $33;
• an Ironer for a hotel at Lake Tahoe. $40: a
' waitress and parlor maid, $3O; second gir!
for Alameda. $25: a first-class ccok small
family in city. $30; a nurse for 3 children.
$35, see lady here this morning. MISS
4?LUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powsll.
GIRL to mind 2 children and assist with
housework: no cook'.ns: near Redwood City;
j atate wases. Box :;o:u;. Call.
WANTED — A girl for general hou3?work anJ
cooking. ADDly bu. 10 and 12. 2"_**-l Pa-
cific ave.
• YOUNG girl to assist In general housework;
small family: desirable pla^e for a good girl.
Box 3031. Call.
: YOUNG woman to assist tn housework; 3 in
.family; gooU home; plain cooking; $IS. 231
; Scott st.
. A GIRL for cookinsr and general housework:
German or Swedish preferred. 2010 Bu-
chanan st.
• A GIRL for general house-work and i-ockinsr;
must have references. Apply from 8 to 12.
SOUS Diamond st.
MILLINERY-MAKERS wanted. Apply *»•*•
', iBteadent't of.flct, Tha Emporium.
A'-'VA-RO'- OF P-OSES — 66 HOTHOUSE TREASURES"
" ' ";.- . —WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDAY'S 'CALL RECEIVE FREE
A "COPY OF THIS BEAUTIFUL PICTURE, SIZE 36x1© INCHES, ON HEAVY PLATE PAPERTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUQUST 3, 1904.
11
POX2TT BXCKaSOari) ptkt, ESTATE.
4 LOTS, cheap for cash. 323 Bush st.. thlri
floor, room 4.
sooaxs ;6b aousExiiupm o.
EDDY. 617— Frcnt ind back parlors, complete;
reasonable to permanent parties: others $7 u?
FOLSOM. S30 — Furnished rooms with stoves.
$S per month; also basement with yard.
FOURTH. 223— Furnished room* far house-
keeping.
FOURTH, 225 — Furnished racist for house-
keeping; also single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C31— Pleasant fornlsh-d
rocms; nice location: reasonable prices. Call.
GOLDEN GATE. 63:! — Sing, front, rocms. light
hskrg.. for limited number; $S: other ras$3.
HARRISON. 731 — Front and back parlor fur-i
nlahed for housekeeping; rent $15^
! HOWARD. 822— Suite housekeepta* rooms.
HOWARD, 1971 — Unfurnished rocms< for house-
keeping; new. light and all modern conven-
iences.
JESSIE 333 — Large sunny front room, fur-
nished housekeeping; gas range; $3 BO week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-rocna suits: steam heat*
ed. electric lighted: free baths; rates re»«.
LAGUNA. 1027— 3 sunoy rooms; «jmplete fcr
housekeeping.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny single back room;
housekeeping If desired: $3 month.
LEAVENWORTH. 221— Housekeeping rooms.
LIBRARY bldg.. Ysn Ness and Goldea Oat*
svts. — Suites and sunny onfor. rooms; re**.
MABJCET. 16S4 — Housekeeping rooms ta let.
MARKET. 1S24 — Nicely furnished sonny con-
necting bay-window housekeeping rooms.
MARKET. 1634 — Housekeeping rooms to let •
MCALLISTER. 1056 — 3 susny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas a&d coal ra&ge; bath and'
phone.
MINNA. 328 — 2 housekeeping rooms and use of
parlor. $10; also single rooms.
MINNA. 014 — Housekeeping room* to 1st.
NATOMA, 613 — Housekeeping rocaa or sin?>.
OAK. 117. 633 McAllister — Rooms, complete^
$5 to $12: gaj range, hot bath: adults.
OAK. 407 — $4 month: batn; sunny and clean.
See Sundays cr 8 p. m. week days.
O'FARRELL. 1334-1335—2 cr 3 nicely furnished
sunny, front housekeeping rooms.
PEARL. 3. cor. Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms. $11-13: phone; no children.
PINE. 1733. near Franklin — 1. 3 or 3 room •
suites; new flat; all conveniences; reasonable.
POLK. 917— Sunny furnished room for house-
keeping; gas stove.
SIXTH. 215^1 — t unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping to let.
SOUTH PARK. 137 — 2 or 3 nteery fornlsn-d
sunny, front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
I STANYAN. 1111— Upper fiocr, 4 large urifur-
r.i'hed room*; bath, par.try: rent reas.:adni:s.
TAYLOR, 615B — Two lovely furnished house-
keeping rooms at the teach.
THE Virginia. IOCS Powell St. — Complete for
hskpg-.furn.or unfurn.apartmt»: bay window :
marina view; bath. rang*. Phone Red 992.
TURK, 1147 — Elegant new suites; unfnr.. sun-
ny; vlrw Jefferson Square; choice location.
! TWENTY-FOURTH. 2521. opp. new carhouse —
Light hcusekeeping rooms for rent.
rWENTY-FOURTH. 3174 — Housekeeping rooms
to rent.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3C67— 1 rent's furnish?!
room. ?5; near 3 car lints.
VALLEY. «lf above San Jcse av*. — 3 sunny.
rooms with yard.
VAN NESS ar».. 37 — 2 rooms to let: $1 73 and
$3 per week: suitable for light housekeeping.
VAN NES9 ave. 232 — Fur. housekeeping, sin-
gle and 2-rccrn suites; $0, $10. $1S. $13.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. ccr. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The CW1 for the recepticn
of advertisements and subscriptions nas beea
opened at IOCS Market «:.. opposite Fifth.
Op»n until 11 p. m.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
A— CHESTERFIELD. 637 Bush— New Madem
house; 3-4 room apts.; furn. or anfurn.; rea,
A — Whttefield. 1228 McAllister; elegant sunny
unfurn. apartments; very desirable; adult.*.
A— OCTAVIA. 1423— Most select a part men:
house la city: 3-4 rooms; elegantly furnished.
BELGRAVIA APTS.. POLK. NR. CLAY— 2- t
r.: $15 up; gas stoves: baths: teL Polk 1>£.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts.; phone Pr. Ex. 44-"^
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St. — Modern 3-4 -t
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 13SO..
BOOMS TO I»ET— Pnra. aad TJnXnra.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S~Slxtirst.— Room *
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open ail nlgtu.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st- (or Ncx 1
Fifth st. )— Rccms, 23c, We. $1. $1 SO night;
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all nighc •
AHLBOHN HOUSE. 323 Grant ave.. S. F.—
ICO rooms; 35c day up; $1 50 week up. .
BELMOND House, over Owl drugstore. 2 en-
trances. 112?$ Market and 21 Turk — Electrli
lights; .running water in every room; :Ki>
rooms; 25c to 50c per eight; $1 23 to $3 w«ek.
BUSH. 031 — Nicely furnished rocsij; single cr
en suite; rea3onab!e.
BUSH. 1006. cor. Jonea — Large aad jbj:1
sunny corner rooms: reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1516 — Newly furnished sunny
alcove suite, with runnls? water.
CLEMENTINA. 5C2. ccr. Eighth, bet. Howard
and Folsom — Two rooms to let; $5. ;
CRAGBURN (The). 1C07 Larkin' corT'Post.-^
Sunny nicely furnished rooms; single, ert
suite. housekeeping apartments; running
water, baths: rates reasonable.
EDDY. 432 — 2 fine sunny rooms; elegantly fur-
ntsh<>d: splendid location; reasonable.
EDDY. 1749 — Furnished rooms; suany ; cars
pass door: modern.
EIGHTH ave.. 574. near Park Museum — F!r-»
4 and 5 room German dining; also s:r.g:~»
roojn: furnished.
ELEVENTH. 21— Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished: rucntaff water: referencesi
ELLIS, 1052— Elegant furnished roocs ; cheap.
ELLIS. 1SS3 — Furnished sonny rocra. $R.
FELL, 236 — 3 or 4 ar.furnUhM rooinj, wtU
bathroom; renovated.
FRANKLIN. 721. near O. O. ave. — Suany for-
clahed front rooms: all coave-alencrs; $11*$:.:.
FURNISHED or unfurnished rooms, wlta cr
without housekeeping: also rooms with board:
full particulars; no charges. Room Keating
Advertisers. 117 Sutter st.; office In rear oJ
store upstairs.
GEARY. W4 — Front apartments, three rooms;
very. fine; gas. bath, phone.
GEARY. 939, near Larkin — Neatly furnished
room, large clothes closet, convenient wash-
room; suitable fcr ore or two rentlemea;
S rood location; easy walkinz distance from
the business center.
• GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1204— Front snlte-^fcr
housekeeping ; single rooms for gentlemen.
> GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33a
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $8 wk.; readiag-nn.
' HARRISON. S304 — A sunny front room. $S-
. HAYES. 231— <nean. sunny front rooms; welt
furnished; suitable for 2; al>» small bed-
room; German family.
f JESSIE. 363,, east U. S. Mint — Furnialted
' rooms; $1 and ?5 per month.
> JONES. 019. near Busli — A very desirable sun«
i ny room, all conveniences; gentleman.
i LA BRANCH House. 1220 Powell— Clean and
quiet furnished rooms. $1 wee* and np.
LAGUNA. I COS— A furnished upstairs room;
rent $5 per month.
- MARKET, 1049A.The Falmoutl* — Suany rooms]
' hot and cold water: elevator; $3 to $7.
f ' ¦—-"*
MARKET. 1C34 — Furnished rooms to let.
• MARKET. 1348. opp. 7th— Nicely furnished
¦ rooms on first floor; running water: light
and sunny; rent reasonable; suitable for
• offices.
- MISSION. 1024. near BlxU» — Cheap; 2 roomsj
dry, sunny basement; furnished.
PEARL, 13- bet. Valencia and Guerrero, off
Market — Furnished rooms, single or doable.
', Continued on Pajc Twelro.
IiOST AMD POPUP.
FOUND^ — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one- third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell; 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Butter. SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla. Savings
and Loan Society of Ean Francisco in the
name of PIERRE JEAN ROUQUETTE; No.
250-895. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of GEORGE WELHELM CEDER.
No. 274-12G2. The finder will please return
to bask.
LOST — Pair of gold lorgnettes, at Orpheum.
Monday evening, or going to Jackson-st. car
nt Powell st. Return to room 160. Crocker
building.
LOST — July 27. diamond earring. Finder please
return or notify 194 Farrasut ave., Ocean
View; sewanl.
LOST — August 2, lady's gold watch; mono-
gram M. S. R.; beaded fob. Room 111, CO6
Super st.; reward.
LOST — Diamond pin In shape of crescent: set j
with 9 small diamonds. Liberal reward re-
turn to 1700 Broadway.
LOST— Knight Templar badge. Return to 1101
j Valencia ft.; $2 50 reward.
I LOST — Small n?d cocker spaniel. August 1.
i Return to 307 Spruce st. ; reward.
PUG dog. answers name ct Muggins; tag num-
bers 512-59. 7C3 Fourteenth it. ; reward.
T^ATJHCgES FOB HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business: tel. Bu»h 5*4.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co.. Un!on-st. VYharf ; boat-
Ine * excursions S Steuart »t. :tel John 26S6.
MATSTMOOTAi;.
GET married: Join the Leap Year Club; no list:
no publicity. Particulars box 3S.12. Call.
SIATTKESSES AOT> PII.I.0WS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-3t Howard St.: phone South 216."
MEDICAL.
LADIES deeiring safe, sure and quick relief ]
from irregularities consult me; my methods ;
ere painless and reliable; no failures; no ex- j
crbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD- '
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE, !
~< " Market ut., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In troub!-?, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. H^lp for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to :
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE '
physician here who can say this. Call or '
write Confidential. Est. 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON. office 306 KEARNY ST. j
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOSVi Market st, opp. 5th. !
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL- All who are sick or
" In trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaint*: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
j LADIES' irregularities from any cause cured
In cne day: no drugs; no operations; strictly
private:, advice free; hours. 0 to 9.
DR. SYLVESTER, office 219 Kearney st.
MRS. PR- GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
I LADIES — Kumrcund; safe cure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St., corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
SUITES AND VIKING.
HEADQUARTERS for Tonopah stocks. 539-543
Crossley bldg.. Pacific States Mln. & lav Co.
aUSCEUaAITEOUS— FOB SATiE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN.
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 1S5-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite. in roll* easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin cr shingles : best for new roofs.
KLATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
ID-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITF.LAW. 253-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMERS. 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12. usstalrs.
GENTS' full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
eults to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
r Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry for sale on
email weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
! J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental paricrs.
moved from Palace Hctel to 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
; TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form sho*s at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 .'Jd St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
I DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., SC7 Mission St.; tel South 811.
I LINOTYPE, used only about .1 years; great
bargain. Address box 3409. Call office.
BEAUTIFUL 1 -karat diamond ring $S0; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery St.
j FOU sale — F1rst-cla«s cew bricks. Apply DR.
j C. C. O'DONNELL, 102114 Market st.
¦ SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand - I- FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
I SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros.', 1816 Market st.
EDIPON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
gaiupl. moved to 7S6 Mission st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, ?ale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post Bt.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
anscEiii^AigEOPS wawts.
BIG prices paid fcr old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 23
Stockton st.
A— Morris wants 2-hand clothing, fancy ladles'
dresses, Tuxedo cults, etc. ; postal. 043 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis £25; 650 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants sood second-hand clothing and
; theatrical goods. 134 Sth St.; tel. Jessie 2S31.
M0ITEY 70
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
e01-t>02-e03 Examiner building.
Quick tettlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests la property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Mcnsy
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN *
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage, ' on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars '
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— — —
Money loaned ealarled people without secur-
ity cr Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one confidential and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldgl
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amoimt. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 30.
! HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
; liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry, at a
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
t40 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, seataklns
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bash 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 48
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. .
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
; quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rtn. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, sllver,"
dtamonds. pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. UESTHAL'S. 10 Blxth St.
LOANS to salaried people privately without se-
curity. PIONEER CO., 819 Market st., suite 31
KEAL ESTATE— Cnry — rOB BAU3.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery at.
AUCTION.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 10. 1904
AT 13 O'CLOCK NOON.
DKVISADERO-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
, S. E. cor. Haves and Devisadero sts.; store,
houses and flats; good business location; an-
nual rents $2532; lot 75x112:6.
POWELL. ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
S. E. cor. Powell and Vailejo sts.; stores, flats '
and houses; annual rents $4116: with small j
outlay more stores could b* added, increas- .
Ing Income considerably; lot 137:6x79:2, with 1
L; one-third cash, balance at 6 per cent.
STOCKTON-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
llCG-10 Stockton st., between Jackson and Pa-
cific; 2 stores and lodging-house; lot 34x100;
one -third cash, balance at 6 per cent.
UNION-ST. CORNER.
N. W. cor. Union and Jasper sts., between
Dupont and Stockton; anual rents $1423; lot
60x77; one-third cash, balance at 6 per cent.
STOCKTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
812 Stockton st.. between Sacramento and Clay;
3-story frame; annual rtnts $420; with small
expanse large revenue can b* obtained; one-
( third cash, balance at 6 per cent.
I DUPONT-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
. 1113 Ijucont et.. between Broadway and Pa-
I clflc: store and upper, renting low at $55 p«r
{ month; one-third cash, balance at 6 per cent.
j KEARNY- ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
1100 to 1112 Kearny et., north of Broadway:
I corner small street: will sell separately If,
I desired; annual r«nta $2290; one-third cash,
I balance at 6 per cent.
i RAILROAD-AVE. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
010 to 942 Railroad ave., bet. 11th and 12th
avea.; etorez and flats; annual rents $22S0;
one- third cash, balance at 6 per cent.
BUILDING LOTS.
East elde Castro, bet. 17th and 18th. first
block from Market St.; 75x125.
WALLER-ST. LOTS.
South Bide. bet. Scott and Devisadero sts.; two
frontages; 60x190; both streets paved.
TO CI.OSB PARTNERSHIP.
Ban Bruno ave.; 2 frontages; bet. Army and
15th ave.: one-third cash, balance at 6 oer
cent; lot 100x300.
Terms at sale. For catalogue and particu-
lars apply to MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery gt.
W. J. GUNN. — — —
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
Savines Union Building.
$3,400 — Ju«t completed; pretty two-story re«»l-
dence; extra well built; looks nice out-
eide as well as inside; reached by 3 lines
of car3; clos? to Eighth ave., north of
park; 5 rooms, bathroom basement; sun
In every room; positive bargain; lot 25x
120; to own thla home will be cheaper
than paying rent; tee us about easy
payments; for admission and key call
at office.
$2,SC0— New cottage: 4 large rooms, basement:
north of park; 25x100; close to Sixth-
avenue cars: very cheap; sunny rooms;
on sunny side of street.
»*•• 5 °— N E. cor. Clrmer.t and Twelfth ave.;
_ 1-0x50; a grand, sunny corner for flats.
»3,»50— NE. cor. Clement and Tenth ave-
32:0x100; fine buy.
$5.000— NE. cor. Clement and Sixth ave. • best
.„ -' busl " les s corner In district; 32:6x100.
! $".250— SW. cor. Clement and Eleventh ave.;
120x73.
j $2,lC0— Eleventh ave, near Clement: 50xlCO.
j Lots on Eleventh ave., bet. Point Lobos ave
and A: $950 to $1050; ready for building;
•-,w> Very _ cheap: cholce a nd well located.
$i,OC0 — Two new flats; extra well built; very
desirable: nice homes on each side; best
part of Richmond.
.Choice busing. NE. cor. in Richmond: 32:6x
1C0; fine cor. for store and flats- a
bargain.
$2,650— Steiner ccr.; 50x100.
1 7'ii£y;y el>ster jr or - : - 5 *1C*); want to sell.
$1, iCOy-Lnlon; 27:6x110; sunny side; marine
view.
$2.500 — Union; NW. cor. : 27:6x110; very cheap.
$3,000 — Pierce; well-built 0-room cottage" ba-
salt blocks: 25x115; very eunny; fine
•, «« bargaln: cIoso t0 cars: eas y Payments.
$1.050— Eighth ave., near Lake; 25x120; very
cheap.
$l?.0CO— Green st.. Pacific Heights; NE. cor..
60x137 :«; a grand marine view lot.
I $50.000— Pacific Heights; 275x137:6; 2 corners;
1 grandest marine view lot In S. F.
[ 530 CALIFORNIA ST.
SPECK & CO.,
200 MONTGOMERY ST.,
REAL ESTATE.
Selling. Rents Collected.
Leasing. Insurance.
$42.500 — Swell NW. corner; SO by about 100:
3 frontages: east of Larkin St., south of.
Sutter; snap; $25,000 bank mortgage can
remain.
$10,000— $4200 yearly rent; lot 82x275; 2 front-
ages; main streets; can be leased for
$400 r«r month; lot only partly Im-
proved.
$25.000 — $24CO yearly rent; $15. COO 6 per cent
bank mortgage can remain; lot 50x
137:6 ft.
$20.000— $1740 yearly rent ; Polk-st. business
property; large lot: snap *
$18,000— $1740 yearly rent: lot 75 feet front;
Al location; Western Addltlsn.
$16,000— $lti20 yearly rent; a new flats en Ellis
St.: splendid tenants: close in.
$12,0CO— $l?,S0 yearly rent; :i new Western Ad-
dition flats; close to Golden Gate Park.
$3,000 — $M0 yearly rent; 2 splendid fiats with
11-ft. basement that could, at small ex-
pense, be made into flat; lot alone worth
JtlOCO; 2 frontages.
$5,5C0— $366 yearly rent; Paclflc-st. business
corner; a cood buy.
$0,700 — $000 yearly rent; 3 fine flats close to
G. G. Park, on car line; best part of
Richmond district: a sure bargain.
$5,500 — $570 yearly rent: pays 1 per cent per
month net: new Improvements; down-
town business, south of Market.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$3,000— Near Waller and Masonic; 75x123;
want offer.
$4.000 — Market st.; 25x100: close to coming
business section.
$3,S00 each for 2 fine Webster-st. lots; 23x
ICO ft.
$3,500—60x125 ft: Masonle-ave. lot; splendid
piece.
SPECK <t CO., 200 Montgomery at.,
Opposite Mills building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We Lead in Sales of Oceanstde Lots! Why?
Choice et. Locations! Lowest prices! Mildest
Climate!
Don't Miss This Golden Opportunity !
$500 to $1200 — Graded: ready for bnildlng.
Splendid view of ocean from every lot.
Nothing like It In this city. All bargains!
Easy terms!
$100 to $300— Near park and ocean; $3 monthly.
Oceanside branch offlce. corner H st. and
47th ave.; also corner 49th ave. boulevard and
K st. Open Sundays :
$500 to $1200 — Choicest Sunset lots; $10 monthly,
$300 to $1000 — Cheapest Richmond lots and
: near Spreckels Lake and park; on installments.
$150 to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead lots;
$5 monthly.
1 $1000 to $4000— Modern Cottages In s'unset,
; Richmond. Oceanside and Excelsior Homestead.
Low prices! Easy terms!
SOL GET2 & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room. 54. Chronicle Building.
' GANCO, GUNZ & CO., ~~
634 MARKET ST.
; SPECIAL— SPECIAL— SPECIAL.
. See this snap to-day. See this snap to-day.
Ar^nt on premises all day.
2062-2004-2066 Union gt., near Webster.
1 Price $9750; absolutely lowest price; rents
$1200 a year; three elegant new marine view
fiats of 6 rooms, porcelain baths, btrdseyt
maple mantels in parlors, pressed brick open
, fireplace, mantel In dining-rooms. beamed
ceilings studded with electric lights, beauti-
fully frescoed ceilings and handsomely tinted
> throughout: large yard; separate high floored
basement for each tenant: must absolutely b«
' sold: lot 25x100 feet- Call to-day.
[ GANCO, GUNZ & CO..
! - 634 MARKET ST.
I $6000— NO Ie3s: 112-112A-112B Carl St., neai
J Cole; 3 fine bay-window flats, 5 rooms and
baths: fine neighborhood; close to Golder
Gate Park: cars pass the door; agent or
premises all day; rents $tS3tt a year: 25j
; 137:6 feet.
GANCO, GUNZ & CO.,
- 634 MARKET ST.
* $1 23 PER week; no Interest: lots In the Ex-
! c*lslor Homestead Tract; alt level; no grad-
1 leg to do: ready to build your little homi
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
; 26 Montgomery et.. room 8.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st. ~ ~
$5000 — Fine cottage of 5 rooms, bath. etc.
I 3 rooms In basement; cor. lot Buchanan st
s $4500 — Elegant bay-window cottage of :
: rooms: large basement: nr. 17th and Market
$1200 — Good corner, near Chutes; S2:Gxl00
• $1250 — COTTAGE. 5 room*; on Lnndy lane
$1200, cottage. 4 rooms, lot 25x120; Sllve;
ave.: $1000, cottage, 4 rooms. Lundy lane
snap: $700 down and $25 mo., cottage, 6 r
and b. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission
r 3 NEW flats ¦ of 6-6-7 rooms; grand marln,
view; these flats are. finished In the verj
1 latest; panel dining-rooms, fresco celling
- etc. Owner. 5S2 Chestnut st. -
. ALL ' work guaranteed first class by A HL
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 636 Howard st
SEAL ESTATE — CITY— FOB SALS.
FOR sale or lease — Modern house. 10 rooms; '
sunny; attractive Interior. Box 2965, Call
office: tel. Stelner 36. ,
BEAI. ESTATE — COtTITTBY — For Sale.
WHITE & BAYLEY. !
Successors to
W. J. WHITE. ]
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES. ;
$7 60 per acre; best stock ranch in Humboldt '
County; on the slope of the South Fork of the
Eel River; 30CO acres grazing land; practically 1 '.
all fenced; good farmhouse; large barn; 10O ;
head fine cattle; 160O sheep; horses, and all
fanning Implements at market prices. ,
$17 per acre — Finest stock ranch in Placer
Co.; ltSO acres; at railroad station: 500 acres ,
bottom land for alfalfa, balance roiling: .all ,
can be plowed; carry 400 head; dwelling, 3
good barns, farming Implements. 90 cattle, 12 .
horses; part cash.
$5000 — Sonoma Co.; 320 acre*, near town;
well watered; cabin 4 rooms; big barn: orchard; •
vineyard: 6 acres vegetable loam: 12.000 cords
wood; 100 cords tan bark; tools, steam saw; 2
horses; 3 wagons; part cash.
$2200— Near Santa Crux; 80 acres; 3 acres
fruit; 20 acres* hay; new S-room bouse; barn.
$2400 — Only 2^i miles of town; 23 miles of
city; 24; acres valley and gently rolling land; 3 •
acres rich bottom land; 10 acree full bearing
grapes; sufficient water for Irrigation, if de-
elred; income about $700; no buildings.
$1300— At Sonoma City; 5>4 acres; new 3-
rocm cottage; good well; So hens; poultry-
houses; brooder- houses ; large Incubator: tools;
furniture; a genuine bargain and can't last
but a few days.
$25C0 — In Sonoma Co., near boat and cars;
162 acres, some orchard aad vineyard; corn
and grain field, garden, berries; ti-rootn house,
all furnished; 2 horses, spring and road wagons,
harness, tools, cow, poultry; $200 Job if de-
sired.
$3500 — 5 mfles at Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom: 25 acres; 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 5-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn; wind mill and tank; poultry-
houses; see this, and if you want only part of
it will sell • unimproved portion at $100 per
acre; If you want to raise corn that will make
the Kansas article "side step" see some of our
homes on the Russian River.
$*0t>0 — i2 acres at Mayfleld; 10 minutes' walk
to station; magnificent artesian water: rich
black loam, suitable for berries and vegetables;
fine 10-room residence; 2 large bares, holding .
100 tons each; good outbuildings; half cash,
balance at 4 per cent.
$190O — Close to Santa Rosa; SO acres; 33
cultlvatible: 12 acres vineyard; good fences;
poor buildings.
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 per acr* — One mile of Modesto: 8 acres
up; V4 cash.
$50 per acre — 3 znllea of Modesto; 20 acres
up; v j cash.
$50 per acre — Near LodI, on the Wocdhridge
canal.
$20. per acre — Rich river bottom land; all
ditched for Irrigation; Placer Co.. one mile of
town and railroad.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
We have a larg* list of completely equipped
dairies in the beat sections of Humboldt Co.;
20 acres ud.
$45C«) — 30 acres, IV* miles of town. Santa
Clara Co.; 2«* acree bearing trees and vines;
nice cottage, outbuildings, reservoir; fine In-
come; would trade city or Oakland property.
$S50— 3 miles of Geyserville; 2Va acres: «-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells; rolling,
all in vineyard: cak trees; fine poultry farm.
$2650^ — Near Petalurna; 10 acres sandy lcam;
1 acre asparagus; fine well; modern cottage.
5 rooms and bath; horses, cow, etc.; half cash;
see it cutck-
$19<j0 — At Sebastopol; 16 acres fine, lrvet. 1
candy loam; orchard and berries; balance Cne .
pasture; running stream: fine for corn, vege-
tables and berries; on the electric road; $t00
down.
$050 — d miles from town; 80 acres: mostly
level: 40 farming land: fenced; creek; well:
house: barn; outbuildings: part casn.
JS — On Cottcnwood Creek; l»t0 acres; ICO
rich bottom land: well fenced and croes-feneed;
good house; 2 large barns; might exchange.
$3000 — Close to Santa Crux; 16 acres; rear
' school; fine hay and fruit crop; new modern
; cottage, t> rooms: nice stable; brooder-houses: j
horse; cow; calves; poultry; furniture; part i
cash.
$3750 — Sonoma Co., one mile of fine town: IO
acres, all In peaches and prunes, with fine
crop of corn between rows: modern cottage. 5
¦ rooms and bath; well, windmill and tank;
! Russian River bottom: the real thing.
i $2500— Hotel, stables, etc. In Alameda Co.;
j lot S0x2C0; fine location.
$2500 — Fine •urani'^r rssort In Sonoma Co.;
! etage station and P. O. on place; 141 acres
'< controlling lOCO-acre range; S acres bearing
I orchard; hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
j all furnished: tath: dancing platform; horses;
farming implements: see this quicK.
$1500 — Half-ml!e live town. Sonoma Co.; 4
j acres Russian River bottom land; none finer;
nice 6hade trees, bouse and barn; great poultry
farm: easy terms.
Send stamp for the largest, and most dl-
! versified printed list on the coast.
WHITE Sc BAYLEY.
Successors to
: W. J. WHITE.
j 23 Montgomery et.. room 8.
; Property Exchanges a Specialty.
I ONE-ACRE lets at Mountain View. SanU
Clara County; $400 for inside. $450 for
i corners; streets graded; water on each lot;
only 7V> blocks from main street: partial pay-
1 University; good schools and choice neighbor-
hood; write for map and full particulars.
WALTER A. CLARK. Mountain View. Sacta
Clara County. Cal.
I ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
; vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata.
! logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market «t. j
: CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
; United States or Canada one year far $1.
j SAg MATE OBEAI. JSSTATS^
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo electric
cars; 45 minutes from Sth and Market; sewer
and water pipes to each lot; electric, lights,
etc.; 60-foot lots from $325 to $400: terms.
$10 down and $10 a month; get oft at "Lomlta
Park" and Investigate; maps sect on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main C7:i. lie California st.
MEKXO PABIBSAI ESTATE.
$2C0 PER acre — Two S-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back cf Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last of this property left; H cash.
Metilo Park — A fine country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent trees; well
built, old-fashioned house In good condition;
for sale &t a bargain; 15 acres, all improved.
Fair Oaks — Land in best part of this dis-
trict; weK sheltered and wooded; In tracts of
; from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to these
I building Immediately.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Telephone Main 673. 118 California st.
j RE A Ti ESTATE TO EXCgAJTQE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARK. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-SCS CALL BUILDING.
It Js frequently the case that a party wishes
! to eell his holdings fcr the purpose of reinvest.
t Ing the proceeds In a different kind of property.
j Our lonz experience In this business enables
! us to often accomplish this double purpose by
i only cne transaction. The only condition w«
: make Is that your property. If you wish us to
dispose of It for you, MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Doa t
I take up either our time or your own with
I worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If It has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business.
I bring a description of same to our office, «tat-
ing what klftd of property you prefer In ex-
change, and y O a will be surprised how quickly
we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and ars
the onlr company In San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
cept
FINE country homes to exchange fcr Oakland,
I Alameda or Berkeley property. P. C. LAS-
I SEN & CO.. 463 Tenth St.. Oakland. CaL
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'M'TS
_ ATiAarnPA st:ai. jsstatb.
FOR sale — Double-fiat house, 4 rooms, bath;
pantry each floor; separate entrance: also a
4-room coUaxe, bath, pantry; rents $3S.
2154 Alarr&da ave.. Alameda; rare bargain.
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S'M ? TS
O-.7ICE. '1016 BROADWAY.
OAXXlAXD EEAL ESTATE.
$1400— COTTAGE of five rooms; lot 40x140; one
block from the Piedmont-ave. station of
the Key Route: very pretty location and
• near school; must be sold; place ought to
sell for $2000. but owner must have
money; terms $30O cash, balance mort-
gage; ju«t 32 minutes on the Key Route
to fan Francisco.
J. S. MYERS,
1C02 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale — Beautiful home: • large room
bouse: bath: laundry; fine reception hall;
ltrg- lot: barn: chicken yards; plenty frnlt.
flowers; beautiful lawn: terms. Inquire 477
Thirty-fourth st.. Oakland.
$2200— ATTRACTIVE cot tag*. 5 r. and b.;
basement, gas, lawn, fruit trees: 40x120:
near Telegraph ave. and Key route. 567 36th.
$2000— HOUSE and bath; lot 33:4x101; tank
and windmill. 1018 Twenty-fourth st.. Oak-
. land. Cal. -
OAKXAXTD JTUKJU1TUBE 70S WATrn,
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. 8chellhau,lltatt.,cor.atcr«,OakUad.
aiOZTEV TO IiOAK— Continued.
THE United Lean and Trust Co., 21 Stocktoa
st- (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. • i
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. B.
F. .Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building. «
ON real estate and chattels. K. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual gav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
ITAR Lean Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg. !
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
Z% ON furniture & pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without :
Indorser. MORELL. eO9 Examiner building.
MTTSXCA& IWSTBUMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting planoa — Little
pianos for small rocms, medium size for
average rootna, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.; pianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
some at $2. a large number of good ones at !
$2 50 per me. : cur own make pianos at $3
ptr mo (the best Instrument offered for the
money "in S. F.); a fine line of elegant larga I
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 In- I
Etruments to select from, al! of them good [
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's j
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT- !
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560-C4 Hayes st. j
A FEW exceptional bargains; all uprights; j
Heine grand, $470; Gabler. $350; Krell. $375;
Heine $253; Steinway, $325; Mason & Ham- I
l!n, $2»>5: Knabe. $lti0; FUcher, $115; Behr |
Bros., $1S7: Crown. $140; Klmball, $e5; Em-
erson. $125; Occidental, $40; Conrard. $37: I
Ccllard $55; investigate our new rent and j
purchase system"; f2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary et.; Oakland,
1252 Broadways
A BUNCH of uprights; easy payments.
Erard: small upright for practice $40
Wood worth. Allovon; splendid order $£5
Wagner; perfect condition; a snap $110
Neumann: mahogany case; a bargain.... $125
Estey mahogany case; perfect order. ..$100
BEN J. CURTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell at.
A PIANO free fcr one month; if you want to
rent after tfcf.t money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 Geary st-
l ONE month riano rent fre« on pianos rented
In July and August. BRCEXN. 223 Sutter.
.A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
j rew; $125. 237 Geary st.
$60 FOR a fin* upright. If you want a bargain
cali at IIOUNUNG'S. 21« McAllister st.
EOHMEK. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecetian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
' NEW upright planes sold on $5 monthly pay-
; ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
'< 3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chiekerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farre'.l.
I ======================================
A— MME. GILL1NUUAM.
Complexion specialist, has opened offices at
131 Powell St.. between O'Farrell and Ellis;
she guarantees to remove every wrinkle,
! crowsr'eet, basginess of the eyes, freckles.
lost contour, smallpox plttlngs, etc.; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby skin:
all consultation free and confidential, either
by mail or person: I wil! take cstlenta for
trie next 30 days at greatly reduced rates.
: SHOULD tola come under the eye cf JAME3 j
H. O'MEAUA or any of hl3 acquaintances j
will confer a favor on his widowed mother !
by addressing MRS. M. McSVOT, Wenat-
chee, Cheian County, Washington.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
eore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for I
ever 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROW ELL & BROWN. 32 Turk st.. S. F.
i THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Irs growth, stops falling, cures dandruCt
and itching scadp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses fcalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept co substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1333 Polk.
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats <irug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correrpcnJenCB solicited; strictly con-
fidential. B.-x 3234. Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by |
fkiiled specialist from Europe. Apply Central J
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave: Worst cases cured.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down an.i }1 50 per week. T. BRILLL\NT.
FURNITURE CO.. 340- Post lU near Powell.
' ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants.$15.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St., bet. 7th and Sth
: MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite hair-
dressing; parlors) to 6-15 Market, next Palace.
! BEST white lead. 7c per pound: special to
painters. ECTCHER. 741 Mission st.
! MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
$250. GARIN. 13* Montgomery at.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
i trie needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
I TAILOR-MADE suit $7 BO; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupoat.
! Actina restores lost eyesight: cnr»s deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
¦ MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
'¦ MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
i ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
! A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
ft advertisements and subscriptions has been
' cp^ned at 100S Market St.. opposlU Fifth.
Op>p until 11 p. m.
PAT.MTSTBY.
Mrs. Whitney, palmist ;hcurs io t o jo •> to s t s U n. ;
Thur. eve. readings; admission ljc. 711 Polk.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The We-kly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for roailir*. 51 per year.
PATE2TTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. C Hobart bldg.. r>32 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SUBGEONS.^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021^4 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 ft Market st-
REMOVED— DR. W0NG~HIM, herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the himan body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now le-
cated at 667 Geary ct.. near Leavenworth.
I WONG WOO. the famous herb doctoi- — All dls-
\ cases cured by Chinese herbs. 74S-S Clay st.
DR. WOX3 HON. 319 Powell et.. tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
AjTO WABEgOTT3E3.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; offlce 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. Sooth 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored,, moved, chipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy s>t. ;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, ehlpped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell ste.; tel. Pri. Ex. 57L
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12ft.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. 840
Mission St.: tel Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuw.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 291.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
»t.. tet. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEW^KjgMACBCOTEa JLTTD STgPPIiIES.
HEADQUARTERS for sewlug machines on the
coast In the future will be at 015 Market st.,
where the White Co. will open their new re-
tail office Aug. 3. with a great exhibition of
high-art sewing machines and embroideries
made on the White. All are welcome.
DOMESTIC — The machine tor family use: best
is cheapest: eecond-hand ail makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic' office 1021 Market st near Sixth.
STAMMERING. " "~
STAMMERING permanently cured; best radi-
cal methods: highly moral, educational; first
applicant next" class free treatment: I stam-
mered 20 years. JAMES FOLEY. W5 Laguna,
cor. Hayes: tel. Page 2312—10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DIVIDEND I7OTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Ind. Red Men's Hail
• Assn. At the last regular meeting of the
board /Of directors dividend No. 43, of 3oc
per share, was declared, payable on August 5
1904. at S p. ra.. Red Men's Hall, 610 Bush
st. Stockholders must present their shares or
dividends will not be paid.
CHAS. ECHLESINGER. Pres.
C. G. BOLSDORFF. Secy.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Co.. Con.
A dividend. No. C8,;of fifty cents (5Oc) per
share on the Issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared, payable at the offlce
of the company, rooms 202, 204 and 206 Hay-
ward bldg.. Son Francisco, on Aug. 10, 1904
Transfer bcoks dose Aug. 3, 1904 at noon'
U. H. RENNIE, Secretary Pro Tern.
';';. H?LP VA5TED— rEMALE— Coa.
•^OOK,. country hotel, far* her* ....T$30
... Institution cock, city $33
• ¦. Cbok * and helper. aisaU boardiag-house.
..••City :..., j 40
¦•¦"Cook t of S men. country S30
."Man" and wife for private place "$50
xGe.nersU housework. S in family, see boss
"-.h*re $33
: : :Cbck and 'second girl, same house... $30 $25
. SesjnV-tress. . private family $25
¦-"Nurse .fcr 2 children $30
::'Waitre«s fcr country hotel, fare here $^3
:. ,G.er>fal heusework. Port Costa $30
.'•"•.Waitress. Meclo-Hark 1 $23
..'.:Ger.eraJ housework. Ean RafaeL 2 In fam-
¦¦• Of -
'. . .Second girt. Barirexam* $23
...And io general housework girls, dty and
...; rcoustry. $20. $25, $30. Apply to
¦-.;-•:¦•;, :J: F. CRQSCTT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
•" A>WANTED— Girls "^ learn halrdressing.
¦-.jjfrtetegrtec «tc; trade taught from A to 2
.;. in --weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
-;-. -three positions to fiU lTamedlately: positions
at $10 per week up: leadin* j
. vsc.hool in Wen;. 233 Geary St.. room 11
rArrGXBXM to learn millinery now for fall sea-
•.venr; both seasons taught from etart to finls!i
.-• ..r.. one month for $15; positions as trimmers.
¦; .¦ea.esladies. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
. : j£M.y asd evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
iitir dressing, ir-asicnrta*. massage, sca'.p treat-
.mect. hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5 2
wks ; ; day. eve. class; positions secured: highest
wages. Retrieved from 1236 MkJ. to 133 Powell.
WAITED— A Crst-claea. expertene*d millinery
- saleslady for our children's "department: '
.; steady position to right partv. Apply bet. 9
and 10 a. m.. L MAGNIN & CO. 43-53 El-
' "iM St. '
• HOP rlckirur berins Wheatland Monday. Au-
' . rust 6: call for special rate tickets to-day.
E. n-ETMENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery «-
WAITED— A girl to mind S- year-old child
fi frc=a 9 to 3 daily; wage* $10. Apply 421
~ Le.-j.Ln et., rocn 43.
RELXABLS tfri; plain cock and companion;
¦ . family cf two. Apply to-day. 115 Telegraph
..ave.. Oakland, from 10 to 2.
•GIRL 13 to 16 years old. to do light hc-:s«-
: jwork. 1311 Tork St.. bet. 25th A 26th, rear.
WANTED— Qlrl .to assist la ll*ht housework.
/¦Arp'.y 11S3 Valencia et.
COOD restaurant waitress; wages $3 week;
. cne day off. 7 Taylor st
A- WOMAN to cook trr private family In ecca-
-try:. wages $25. 3216 Jackson •*.
LAUNDRESS for 2 days each w«A 1713
• ¦ Brodertck •t, near Quell
.fiXPE-RIENCETJ *irl for bakery. 8SS Third
.. -street. " •
-WANTED— Mlddle-agVd German reran house-
. : keeper; very err-all family; goei home; plain
¦¦¦¦.dxiklTg. Northwest "ccraer Fifth and Town-
:.-. -send eta, .
WANTED— Experienced ir.inisery trlmnw tu
-; go. to Pacraraer.to. . Apply between 9 and 11
¦t»..a ct HALE BR'OS.' . ;
WANTED-— Experienced ia!i:inery trimmer.
" -'ERftq ;b«twten 9 and. 11 ¦_ m. et HALE
•IvIRST-CtASS trisraefa, makers and arpren- '
.t':c*s wanted la xalfilaery -store. C32 MeAl-
¦ listei- st.
"ttCUAS lor pene'raT h'Misework. Call iO to 12.
... V1310 VsCUejo^et.i corner Octav'ia'.
V ANTED — YVucg girl for gprt-ral hous-wr-rk:
. . ro^cockirg; grr.fcll family. 1*"1 Ei J .y st.
.WANTED — Finish' rs on custom made coats;
• '; /Steal/ wrrk; g*>d wages. 304 Tekama st.
.-'KINp*. • .h-.idJle-ar'-d womar. for light house-
• ¦-¦.¦•»¦«*.• Arr:y--'3 naftzett st.
.TALENTED *«raateur rerforrner».. App!y at
'•¦¦ .Chutes'. C p. rri.. Wednesday; salary no object.
-^^ETXl^WAHT^
. wAN^roTTrrTr^ . .
- ¦-':. B-oiJceep**-,. A No. X, rity. $100 month.
• .;•"• St-nrprarhof. .out" of cfty, $75 month.
- *i*ttTKjtrraj>h<r and boofckeei^r. $50 irftn'th.
• - St«r.ograpber arid assistant cashier, $30; good
¦ .per.rr'jin.
•. ¦'. •«.nerk, ereilfdert.; gooa 'pynrnaa fcr.a figures;
: $>:o- rrcnth- "
: . Cashier, fctkery and restaurant-, $7 an! meals
V, t» '-sta-rtl
.¦'.<¦"¦ roct-ry elerk and of3c» assistant; $S, ruoni
. -ar-J t>r*ra.
', ' 'StX beje. 1C to VS rears: : $C to $? to start.
I "Printers' salessi&n. cjy; $l*> w«k.
¦ ¦Printer and ruler, out of city; $1S week.
.': : t^u'.lTcr*, a No. 1. stock local mfg. Co.
¦ f'Jcm'elry eiales^an. • *-
•TlfE NATIONAi. EMPLOYES' RDrORD CO.,
. .. ¦.-..¦•. 5c | y..Hearst buUiirg*
;:'-FARiIEns and-wtv**, tr*> and found; chcrv-
.• r-.a.n; re^itlemcis's rlac*. $23 an<l found; yxr^ng
'; ;n:^3 to «**i<t'cn milk waecn. (iO an-i found:
; ."- "¦..fru.t i^d^Jer, $15 andfr>und; rough car^-prt-
..Vt»r! 5-i-tIay; tcarr.s'pr," $2 day; farmers. $25
.". ;.:.::J JS30 and found: $2 DO day;
. : j;acW wcrk c^r-^r rs;'ir.'.'.k«r. small place. $2«
i-;.en<l -found; laborers. for (2 50 day; £
v ' -wocxlchoppers • f or rs'.ne, $1 50 cord: cooks,
• :>-a.: tors, and etj^rs. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
.<-CS ¥ve^rs.feer.to et. .'.
.'.'.A'-fACinC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
. . • Ptoae ISain llffl. t^»» Ommerclal Bt.
•NEW WORK— NEAR' CITY.
•';8 lal-crers. $2; 5 teanwters, $2 £5 day; 8
'; -hc^rs wcrk. lens Jcb.
; •- '.. .* " . sawmills.
y.O laboyrra. $W» wor* arn-nd yards; 10 la-
: ¦ N?rVr<. railroad gradir.r. ti cay: ."0 Ijdys and
. -. ¦ young- mwi.. bc-Jc factory. t-M *nd found; S
, -"-iBSCBer i>tler«. $C>. board where yo« Ilk*; 10
••;. - . rr.-tterr, CUrk "R. R-. f^O, fare $4 60.
."-.• ' ' AZ. HOBD-4 SMITHS.
.Cr.tractcr»' Agents. • 05 Third st.
..'-'Coolc; small, country boarding-house. $30.
• '. Mcriterey f^cunty — Mont»rey Connty.
¦.S'.'iCT wctJc fQr Iabcr»7s, $2 25.
¦• . -Gr*vi cU^nate; long Job. .
'."'•"¦ ' I.^aborers: $2 25; laborers. $2 23.
-'. : 1 1 'you ere looklr.g for wcrk see us.
¦/ 'Carpenter, country. $4.
.* " 3 'Uthern California.' teajr.«ter», $2.
; -"A— "VMERICAX EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
'.¦-.-. ,<r42'C.n:mercial «..' near K<»arny.
¦ ¦•., Phffl* Hush hXJ JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
"¦ -'.V-'fcetlwfigst. ranch. $45 fd»; fhin?tle Jcmtfr,
'¦•.?+'«¦ !••.: >¦¦ - " i>in« frtd>r. $3: 4 Jarrncrs;
'.. ' i'.rr.ilker!: 10 laborers., big pice line. $2 25
"..•:to $2 £0 day; 5 laborers, c'.l line. $2 2.">; 20
. .•¦ Jabcrers. logging. R. R.. lumber company,
vv*4a'fd.-*-*COUTH:10 lusr^r rtlers. $2 to $2 50.
¦¦"• :¦ v -"> j-te to OLARKS H-. R. to-night. *
' WANTED — ealf-siaert. various, places; solictt-
." " *>r*. EAiary and ccsuclfFfon ;" Ftore man; m^n
¦ : ". !sr'r>rf<"»t* x>lace: wsit^ns and ethers. SE-
*.LECT EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, 1031 Mar-
'.. -k*t at.
'•A— Hf.TEL GAZETTE. 2 r , M.:rtj:on:»ry, r. 12^
.."4 pilottS waiters. $25; 2 waiters, $30.
v .BRIOj/T youTijr Job -ccropcFitor: foreman; n-
" -r..II*nt ci>i>crtuaitT. ED\VART> "KNOWLES
- Company. 24 .sevxmd st.
• BF-I'jHT tmaU bey to run errands; good chane*
.-. for i^vAncraest. KNOWLES COMPANY.
•24 Stccrid. st.
¦'.<Ji:NTLEMAN of ability and good address can
. <wn $20 per day; greatest electric novelty of
the are. Call room 4, Licit House, from
. " :« to 12 tc-day.
GOVElINilENT pcsitiORs— Call st IC". Golden
. ' Gate are., room 7. lot fr.e Information as
-to positions, salaries. ag>- lirrars. etc.; day
• -/or evenings.
' V ANTE) — iRetall salesman, familiar with
. ' KTO^erTr or crockery busings*: tive reference
" • rr«ri«mce and enses. ¦ i; -ted. Box 2SCSi
ONE rr two m*n to I*»rn a <x>d trade; steady
.wr^-K;no r.:ght or Build** wcrk; $25 security
_..'• rrm:ir*<3. Apply 310H Fotsaaa st.. upstairs.
HOP r'"klrr beirirss TVTr'Stiand Monday. Au-
gust for fpecla.1 rate Jlcltetn to-day.
E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.
CASH t>r* wanted. Arily between 9 and 10
- a. ra . I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 E2I!s st.
ERR.VND ix-y acd to h"!i> around drug store"
• ttve ag». V.OX 2S72. Call offlce.
BOY warteJ «n tailor store, with references.
..106 Stockton Ft.
MAN help rr.ar.ac* ligfet business; $75 month;
• littltr Hiorey required. Call IlUi Market, r. 1.
. YOUNG man to wcrk around hotel. 1443 Har-
rfsos «¦ ,
' GOOD bartxr wanted. 208 Third st.
BOOTBLACK. U7 Fil'more st., comer Mc-
Allister.
WANTED— A first-class waiter at 23 Stockton
street.
MAN with $150 cash In business will make
$10 pgr day. Bcx 1509. 10AS Market st.
GOOD tKirb»r for Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 4OSli Sixth st.
BARBER — 3-chs!r shep; no reasonable offer
refused. 10OO Val'Jicia st.
• Al BARBER ehep for sale. Address C JOIt-
DAN. et. Helena. Cal.
•ERRAND bey wanted; must have references:
*t»a5y poxiticn and «<5vanc«iient for right
. bey. KIRK. .GEART A CO.. 112 Geary st.
TRY ocr men's shoes, tmion made at $1 and
SI SO pair; foot-fonn shoes at $2'50; we pay
« express cr -mall charges 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED— Experienced man cr boy to peddle
fruit. Call 663 Natema st., 7 o'clock.
BARBER wanted to run or buy ehop; cheap;
account other business. Apply Call office.
BARBER shop for sale: 2 ehalrs: good location;
hcuseketpinz rooms rear. 193S Mission et.
BARBER «hop for sale on account of sickness.
Ap&Iy l*t& Mission st.
" Z.ABOH d«bts *jer>llected ; r=lts. Bttacbments.
Uw and ACJuztmesx Co., 32S ilon;gj.,r. 419.
SEI.P WAgTED— MALE — Coatlnned.^
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay St.
Phone Main 6S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We epeak the German. French. Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish. Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
60,000 Men Work. Increase 60,000.
He has arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of the United States.
Government work being done close to
• Wadsworth. in State of Nevada.
Cost only $1 office fee. See boss.
Muckers, J75. See boss.
Teair-ster*. ?75. See boss.
Laborers. $75. S« boas.
Drillers. $'J0. See boas.
Concrete mixers. $75. See boss.
BLACKSMITHS.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs. $3 to $4 day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
12 cocks, different places. $.10. $30, $50.
6 waiters, $30 to $4v> found.
12 dishwashers, $0, $7, $b week.
. Laundryman. institution, $40.
4 porters. 2 bellboys.
LUMBER COMPANIES. ETC.
Gang edgenr.an, boes here. $73.
Head donkeyman. woods, fare $2. $<S5 found.
M&n, charge vinegar plant. $20 week.
H^ad lineman, woods. $75 found.
Shingle jointer, country. $35 found.
6 Iron mclder*.
Tail edgerman. fare $3, $2 25 day.
12 coopers, slack wcrk, steady, 10a barrel.
Gang fHigerman. lumber company. $75. :
Gang charroa; burners. lOo to. 13c sack. I
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
I 12 milkers. S3n. 535, $40 found. <
12 farmers. $30 and- found.
14 choremen, boys. $30 to $15 found.
12 stablemen, $30 found. $CO, $75.
4 farmers and wives. $40. $50, $C0 found.
LOOK— STEADY JOBS.
20 laborers, lumber co.. you'll do. $60.
2O section laborers, lumber co., $2 dar.
Special fare. Special R. R- car.
25 BOYS OR YOUNG MEN.
Plaslcg mill, bcx factory, $30 and found.
BOSS HERE— SEE HIM.
8 machine miners, gold quartz, $S2 50.
Chef co.->k. fare $3. N-v 1 }rh. $S0 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
! A— TO LOS ANGELES", $4 CO.
By 6ar.ta Fe R. R., S p. n. dally.
155 teamsters. $6O.
The land of sunshine, fruit and Cowers.
Highland. Redtands. Riverside.
Pomor.a. center of orange and lemon groves.
MURRAY Sc READY. €34-636 Clay at.
A— 155 WOODCHOPPERS.
Tinsmith- 9-hour job. $3 50 day.
LOOK.
C ptunb/rs, free fare. $1 day.
2 starrh ircner?. country laundry, $12 wepk.
51 WNDINAVIANS.
10 laborer*, lun-.ber en to-day. $33 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
GANG extra good Job. $40 found.
Woodturner rlanire mill. 2<V fare. $3 W day.
2 experienced men for bottlln? works, $2 day.
BOYS. %
5 beys, box factory, email boys. $1 to $1 25
jCn-RRAY & READY. €34-63* Clay St.
TW<"> ramp wafters. $2."> and found.
Porter hotel, mine town. $2-'« and found.
OREGON BORDERS.
25 !aVr»ri. no experience required, $60.
Man and w'.fe. orchard, wife cock, fare re-
funded ITvi and found.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C38 Clay st.
j A— 155 ITALIAN laborers. $60.
155 Austrian laborer?. $C0.
. MURRAY & READY, 6T.4-C36 Clay st.
TWO haybalers. heavy crop. l.V; ten.
Hcdcarrier. fare $1. $3 50 day.
SPECIAL.
Pastry co.-k. first-class country hotel. $75.
' Second roc-k or cook's helper. $-10 found.
Pentryman. first-class city hotel. $25 found.
Slaughter-house butcher, feed hogs. $30 fd.
OIL FIELDS.
10 laborer? *'" 50.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
23 laborer? ro exp*?rieTi<-e, you'll do. $67 SO. 1
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
' SPECIAL.
MIDNIGHT.
CoromakPr, country foundry, s»e boss h»re,
• $r, T-Q day.
Blacksmith, married ruin, good Job, country,
$-"S day.
4 machine miner?. S-hnur shift. $3 day.
MARRIED FARMER.
Yola Cour.ty. far? $1 !><>. jrood job. $50 found.
Farmer, act as foreman: 4 lumber pliers. $6f>.
Toons man. order wajron. butcher. $10 week.
2 furnace men. mine. $40 and found.
10 Italians, ranch. $2*5 and found; polisher
and ircner. country laundry. $15 week.
Gang edgcrman. sawmill. San Mateo, $50 fd.
Seccnd cook and baker, country hotel. $C0 fd.
25 ITALIANS.
25 Italian laborers fcr lumber Co.. north.
I MURRAY & RJEADY. C34 and 63S Clay s^
j 5 BLAiTKFMITHS, Nevada. $6O and found.
Gang edgerman. fare $2 25 $i5 to $60 fd.
FOREMAN.
Man take charge of pile driver gang for
bridge wcrk, boss her". $3 day.
LOOK.
Cock, thrashing outfit. $2 day and found.
Boy take orders, handle hcrses. J20 and fd.
Bart-nder. ccok a little lunch. $35 and fd.
Eov. bakery, fare $2 2o. $25 and found.
COLORED.
4 colored waiters, same hotel.
MURRAY & READY, 6Si and C58 Clay srt.
MEN to learn barber trade; cn',y eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert In- |
struction: positions secured; special induce-
ments this tncnth: catalogue mailed fre^s.
IIoIt cvst~m College. C35 Clay gt.
WANT Er> — Educated gentleman who has good j
knowledge of encyclopedia work; salary $1000
p»r vear with additional bonus: flrst-clais
references required. Box 3029, Call office.
BARBER shop fcr sale; two chairs; little way j
out in country: for man and family only: j
four living rooms in back. 2116 San Bruno :
road^ ' _^^^_ j
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know |
tJ-at Ed Rolkln. Reno Hou,*e proprietor, has
added 100 r.ew rooms to the Denver He use, !
217 Third pt.: 2C0 room?; 25c to 50c per night, j
I WANTED — Men and women to prepare jtcr j
Government positions. Apply for free cata- I
legue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st.
i WANTED— Men and boys to learn plumbing j
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address '4073-5
Eastcn ave.. St. Louis. Mo.
TOTNG man to learn barber trade: paid wht!«
learning. S. F. Earber College. 741 A Howard.
SAII>ORS and young men <gr<»en hands) for
efcips. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
SAILORS ar.d ordinary seamen fcr all part* of
the worid at HERMAN'S. 27 Eteuart et. •
¦
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullis, r.40. Phelan bldg.
Pazt Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 3.1c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
! A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception ',
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth,
Open ustll 11 P- m.
ALL sixes men's shoes. sl:pht!y damaged, half ;
price. 5C3 Mission Et., b?t. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your ehc*s half-soled while waiting; 25c
to &0c 553 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP "WAZTTED — SOUCITOJfcS.
Al LADY or cent solicitor: splendid lnduce-
roents. Call 6 to S p. m.. 224 Cailaghan bldg.
HOESES AHD XTAOOV3.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons.
rurreys. buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom" st.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round- near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus gtables. 100 Stevenson. S.F.
I FOR sale — Bay mare; weight 1225 pounds;
work single or double; $90. 1615 Eddy st.
GOOD top buggy for sale. Box 2234, Call
office. __^____^_______^___
A FINE black mare fcr sale; broke to saddle;
perfectly gentle. Box 1934. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Top and open buggies; cheap. &ZS
Fulton st.
FOR sale— Light driving buggy; $30. Box
2281. Call office.
FOR sale — Fine gentle black saddle horse. 6
years old. 1QC5 Fillmore st.
WAGONETTES, eurreys, buggies, wagons, har-
****. work end driving horaes. 15th -Valencia.
HOUSES TO JiET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let 'send foV cir"
cnlar. G. 1L UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOTEL to rent — 13 rooma; 1541 and 1543 Pine
st.. between Polk and Van Ness ave.; electric
lighted: steam tieated; running hot and cold
water in every room; one block from three
car line; man will be en premises from
12 to 1 every day.
SUNNY house. 8 roYsms; large basement and
yard; $40. SIS McAllister st.
HOUSES — njKHTSgllD — SATJSAUTO.
TO lease, furnished, "The Crest," Sausallto;
superb marine view; tennis court, croquet;
8 rooms. 2 baths. Apply MADISON A
BURKE. 30 . Montgomery st. "
HOUSES WASTED.
FURNISHED house. 5 or 6 rooms. In good lo-
cality, Alameda. Oakland or Berkeley for 2
rsonths. Bcx 3021. Call offlce.
. XJjTVAUp CHATBS. ~~~
COLO, rented, exchanged : manufacturers of
Karats tricycle chair. SOU Mkt. ; teLPark 773.Following were ' the sales of oil stocks on
the California Kxchange In July:
S* Shares Price durlng
•Sold Month.
COMPANY. Duri'g] _
Month 1*3W. Hlsh.
Apollo .'. 200$ 43$ 43
Aebo. Oil Co. Stk. Tt. Ct. 17,413 17 20
Asso. Oil Co. bonds 1,000 SO 00 80 00
California Standard ..... 1,000 ;i4 , 14
Caribou ......... 350 400.410
Chicago Crude 230 15 15
Claremont 750 7:» 73
Fauna 05
Four • 3.513 64 " : ; C5
Hanford 10 175 00 175 00
Home 1.200 1 HI 145
Independence 0,027 2<i 27
Kern 150 4 50 48a
Kern Illver .............. 6 11 00 11 00
Monarch ....... .......... 4,250 24 23
1 Monte Cristo ............ 1,000 07 . ts
OIL STOCK SALES.
Quarterly interest at the rate of $1 50 per
coupon will be paid to-day on the 6 per cent
bonds of the Edison Light and Power Com
pany.
There was a fair business in bonds on the
Stock and Bond Exchange, but stocks were
quiet and not materially chanced. The oil
and mining; stocks were also quiet and feature
less. • .
Bonds Selling Off Fairly, but
Slwrcs Quiet.
STOCK ¦¦¦iTAEE^r.
Flour, qr ska... 9.556 Shorts ski 7,992
Wheat ctls 6.510 Meal, sks 3r5
Bran, sks 6,P»7 Feed, «k» ....... 1,600
Middlings, sks .. 2,222
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 10,4861 Wool, bales 9
Wheat ctls 1,8211 Shorts, sks 300
Barley ctls .... 2,0071 Bran, eks 400
Oat*, ctls 1,536' Hides. No l.«52
Beans, ska 3981 Pelts. No 1,325
Potatoes, sks ... 2,100 Leather rolls ... I<10
Onions, sks 137 Lime, bbls 270
Middlings, sks .. 100 Chicory, bbls ... 40
Hay. tons 673 Wine, gals 37,425
Mustard, ska ... 34
FOR TUESDAY, AUGUST t.
Receipts of Produce.
Occidental'.;/. .;........ 450I 07 08
Oil City Petroleum 5,700 58 60
Peerless 40 14 00 14 25
Piedmont r»OC OB 06
Reed Crude 1:53 1 50 1 50
Sovereign \ 000 40 4f
Sterling 1 30 o n 70 ;} 00
Twenty-eight ioo| 9 00 9 CO
A\ abash 3 000 20 20
Wolverine 300 40 40
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Aug. 2—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Kid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr COUp^l06Hl(H5% 4s qr cpnew.l31U132
Js qr reK...lO6V4lo«»4 3s qr coup. ..105 105%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
AU A^ W 5s - — — I Oak T Co (Js.l IS 120
Asso Oil 5s. 70 77% Do 5s 110 —
V. y J?^ ° 8l0 M4103 Do con 5s. — lC3'i
Cal C G 5«. IOI14IO4 JOceanic S 5s. — 72>/j
Cal G & Eg . |Om Cable t's. — 124 j
m & ct 5s. 84% 86 |Pac G Im 4s. 92& '^Vt !
Jv 1^ 8 , 1 ,. 0 5 s - 112 — IP E Ry 5s..lO4-«,105Vi \
V;. c " a ' 5s - — 100 p & c h tis.ios — I
EdL, & P tis.mu — P & O li 63.114 —
VF & C H «s.ll'_>% — Powell-st <5s. — 114
Geary-st 5s.. — so |Sac EG&R5s. W 100
II C&S 5'is.lOO — |SF & SJVos.117% —
Do as ?z.. 991J100 I Siena R Us.. — 115
Hon R T fis.106%107 |S P of A' Cs
y A ? lec 5a - "~ — I '(looo) ioe»i —
L A Ry 5b. .U5Vs — (1910) 108 U 109
LAL Co (is — — |s P of C «s
Do gttl «s. — — 1 dnCDHr A.103i;i03H
t Pt? , Btd « S ' ~ 103'/ii (inO5)i:r 15.104 —
LAP lem 5s. 1 01 14 _ , f , 900 1 0:.>?i —
Mkt-st C* 63.113% _ 1 ,]D12) 116 —
,., D ? 1 , C . ni 5s ' m — pc 1 c » 5sU0 —
MV& Mti .is.101% _ n 0 6tamj)cl.l0i)qU099i
NRR of CGsJO.-i _ <? p k II 0s.l3Hi — *
lkT D <>'5s 117% — s V Wat tis.lOCi/j —
N P C R 5S.105 — Do 4s 2dm. OSVi —
3S. C Ry 5s.. — no Do 4s 3dm. — 100
N C P C 5s. — TOO Do K mtg4s 03 —
£ S RR |s. _ 101 stkn G&Efis. 83 —
! O G L&H 5s. 107 108 U G & E ."s. — 102^4 I
O W gtd 6s. — ico j
• WATER STOCKS. |
Contra Costa 36 40 Port Costa ! ..— —
Marln Co... — CO S V Wat Co. 36% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P.. 3H 4 S F G & E. 61 61?.
Mutual E L. — 14 stkn G & E. — 7$
Pao L Co... — B8?i U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd. -_ 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
An L, N t}. Bk..l25 130 L P & A.... — 185
Angrlo-Cal .. _ S7 Mer Trust..* .206 —
?? n «.°> ¥¦ U ~ 43 ° Merch Ex.... 60 —
riit S N«£Si Z 15 2 s F NatlonK - "
SAVINGS BANKS.
?Tn r m S s & Jf H 2280 2350 Rav * L So. — 100
STREET RAILROADS.
GeL^ r °*.;' Z P 00 l rrfcsldl ° .••'••— «
POWDER.
Glant 60% GliJIVigorit - 5
SUGAR.
Su? c °h ka s a l giif »« S! g S Sf !
.: , MISCELLANEOUS. !
rif^o A - 12C 12S iOceanic S Co. - 4
r?\ wi V" ~ 10 ° Pac Aux FA - "Hi 6
W^feAlW 5 Pac C Borx. - Wi
Morning Session.
Board —
in A1^ a Packe rs' Association... 127 00
in k alif ° rnla Wine Association... S3 CO
60 Paauhau S P Co 13 25
ti Oftn H Prln^ VaIley Watpr Co 3« «,2^
!i"n^ S ay Countles Pow«r Co 5s.... 102 50
iinr^ c ay £ ounUca Power Co 5s.... 102 (.0
$3,000 fcac Elec Gas & Ry 5s 09 75
1?'^ P a^ e E Iectrlc Ry 5 P pr cent. 105 00
$o.000 Oakland Transit Con 5s 103 00
Afternoon Session.
Board
to J£ E prln * Valle y Water Co 36 75
£j.pCO Bay Counties Power Co 5s.... 102 00
$3,000 Cal G & E G M & C T 5s Si 'Ti
: $3,000 Hawaiian Coml &. Sugar 6s!!! Da ol)
1?'^ IT°b A ? K L 'Khting K td 6s 102 75
?1.000 S P of Arizona (1010) 10S 78
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid A*k
Bay CPC 6s. — 99 SF & NP 5s. l«i _
f r V 'J^ t K U8 ' 117 IS P C R 4s. — 100
M C Wat 5s.l00 — jsun Tel 5s — 104
1 ci? r^^ S K 5s ~ 105 ISutter-st R5s!lO5 113
• SF Drdk 5s. — 113%IUH of SF 4s. S3% 81%
i MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS
i Ala S Co... 25 — Mat Nav Co.'— 90
• Amer Bis Co — 90 Nev Nat Bk.195 —
! Cal Cot Mils SO — N S R R Co. 9« _
Cal G&ECor. 49 ' — N Cal P Co. — 10
C Jockey C1.1I0 120 Oak Bk Saw 120 _
K a ew. wder " ~ 15 ° Oak T Con - 75 —
F. a ! l h T lp .S2',~ 25 IOOF Ha " A « —
al 115 — Orpheum Co.. — 1514
; CenBk. Oak — 05 PacC Cas Co.130 —
Chutes Co . . — 7 Pac S Tel Co. 102 103
• City & C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co. 105 —
¦ Cyp L .Imp.. — 7% Paraf Paint.. 38 —
East Dynm.. — 270 S V Drydock. 00 —
• DpntPwd pfd — 65 ISF&SJ Coal.— 25
Docom .. — 60 is J.Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak.I20 — |SO & MTgbt.125 -_
tischer Thtr — 65c |SwIss-A Bk..H5 —
} Frnch-A Bk.105 110 (Truck Elect.. 11 _
S* 8 Con A "- — 20»4IUR InC pfd. 49 —
Mono P Co..' 19 — 1 Do com ... .10ft —
Lon& SF Bk — CO |
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 United R R Inv Co pfd « 00
I Street —
, $5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock- ~~ Bid. Asked.
1 Apollo 4g
Associated Trust Cert.....", "is «>n
Aztec - g 5
; California Standard i;'{ ik
(Caribou 3 R0
Claremont §5
'Four "jA
I Fulton i 1 r n
Hanford Uv.V".! i"c5 ...
Home.. \ 1 25 x 37l ,
I Imperial J . 17 2
! Independence .; "h °7
! £ ern • • • 4 75 5 00
' £ ern R |v er 11 00 12 CO
Monarch (of Arizona).. 31
Monte Cristo 65 «8
Oil City Petroleum 59
Peerless... 13 5()
• Piedmont 06 08
Sovereign 41
: Superior 07
; Thirty-Three g'o-,
Twenty-Eight 0 so
West Shore ; 2 05
; Monarch (Pool) 10 "24
W'abash k<\
McKlttrlck Oil 16 2"
I Miscellaneous —
I Fischer's Theater ,. 60
Northern Cal. Power... .... io"66
Sanitan' Reduction Works.. 1 00
Morning Session.
400 Sovereign 40
Afternoon Session.
, SO Central LJcht and Power....' 3,75
100 Sanitary .... 1 05
1000 Monarch 21
j Aiming Slocks.
1 — .
; SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE,
i Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
fMornlng Session.
100 Best & Belch. 701 100 Overman . 12
2C0 Caledonia 42 100 Savage 25
! 100 Con Cal & V.I 20 500 Utah lo
j 100 Ophir 2 35| 100 Yellow Jacket. 19
Afternoon Session.
lOOChollar.. 13 500 Savage 24
200 Mexican 84 '500 Savage 25
100 Ophir 2 30 100 Utah.. 10
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
I Following were the sales on the Pacific
• Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 19| 500 Julia 06
200 Andes 1S| 100 Mexican 8tf
100 Bullion 20| 100 Mexican ...... S5
200 Con C & V...1 20 100 Mexican 87
100 Con C & V.I 22% 100 Ophir 7.2 32V.
100 Con C & V...1 20 100 Savage 25
200 Con C & V.I 17% 700 Union Con 24
200 Gould & Cur. 12
j Afternoon Session. / !
j 400 Andes 181 2C0 Hale & Norc. 70 1
• lOOChollar u\ ooo Union Con.... 24
j 100 Con C & V,l l-J.il
; TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
. Following were the sales on the' San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
I * Morning Session.
1000 Goldfleld Ton. ' 111 400 Mont Ton ...2 40
] 500 MacNamara . 40|1COO Red Top ..... 13
2000 MacNamara . 5011000 Ton Midway.. 54
1000 MacNamara . 49|4000-Ton N Star.. 33
Afternoon Session.
1000 Goldfield B&B 171 COO Ray & O'Brien 09
l»K)l» MacNamara . 47| 200 Ton Belmont.. >" 70
1C0 MacNamara . 46| 2200 Ton Gold Mt. 19
100 Mont Ton.. 2 42%|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, AugT 2—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 09 - lOUustlce 11 '12
Alta ......... 05 O"tKentuck ...... 02 04
Andes ....... 17 19|K. Graessler.. — 120
Belcher- ..... -17 19|Lady Wash . . — 00
Best & Belch, tit! (8lMexlcan ....... 83 84
Bullion ...;.. 19 21 1 Occidental .... 81 85
CKlcdoula :... A\ ¦¦ 43! Ophir T 2 t'5 2 30
Challenge .... is 20 Overman 11 12
Chollar .. 13 14 Potosi ........ 15 IB
Confidence ... 65 T2 Scorpion .. . . .\ 08 10
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 20 Savage ....... 23 25
Con Imperial. ;— ;.fJl Seg Belcher... 04 05
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7Vi<3>
7*ic per lb; White Lead, 7^i@7%c, according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $42 50@43 50 for local use
and $11 25@42 ner flask for export.
SALT — Prices to jobbers: Bales, 00c ror
common and $1 10 for granulated; Dairy, $C@7
p<?r ton; Granulated, $7@7 50; Half Ground,
100-!b bags. $3 25: do. 50-1 b bags, $3 75; Rock
Suit. $2 S5@3 In 100 and $3 25 In 50-lb bags;
Genuine Liverpool, $14, $15 and $16 per ton
in pa-:ka»?eB of 224, 100 and 50 lbs. respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb baga:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.05c;
Powdered, 5.90c; Candy Granulated, 5:l)0c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.80c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.80c; Fruit Granulated, 5.90c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). ; Confectioners'
A. 5.80c; Magnolia. A. 5.40c: Extra C, 5.30c;
Golden C, 5.20c; "D," 5.10c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 60- lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.30c; box;s, 6.55e; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.80c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sizes, $1S@19; ex
tra sizes hlffher; Redwood. $l!Ka23: l^ath, 4
feet, $3 75(?4; Pickets. $17@25; Shingles. $2 for
No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes, $14 for
Split and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $33@39.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH, in bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases, lft^c; Astral. 19»4c;
Star. ir»Vic; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 26c; Eo
cene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk,
I(5c: in cases, 22'ic; Benzine. In bulk, 13c: In
cases, 19',<ic; SC-degreef Gasoline, In bulk, 25c;
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In cases and
7Cc in drums and lrcn barrels.
LEATHER— The market Is quoted slow and
¦unchanged by the local trade. Sole, heavy,
29931c; extra heavy. 31@33c per lb; medium,
2SQ2&C; light, 22227c; Rough Leather. 24@20c;
Harness Leather, heavy, 33@30c for No. 1 and
no©33c for No. 2; medium. 30@37c; light. 2il@
.%5c; Skirting No. 1, 40<S,42c. No. 2 36@3Sc;
Collar Leather, 15@16c per foot; Trace Leather,
40@44c; Kip. unfinished, 40<g50c per lb; Veal,
finished 50«60c per lb: Calf, finished, 65c®"M
per lb; Wax Sides, 16®17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@16c; Rough Splits, S@10c
per lb.
TAN BARK— Ground, $20®2S per ton; stick.
$10 50(fil8 rer cord
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 7Oc;
Bakers' AA, cases, $1 10@l 12; Lucol, 60c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases,
fvif&SOc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, In barrels,
3hc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, CSc; natural winter
Hperm Oil, .C3c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, 57c; natural Whale Oil, 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard OH. 05c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
C3c; liKht Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring OH,
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
Nicaragua— llii(S13WjC for prime to fancy
washed; 9310V£c for fair to strictly good
•washed; S^ias^c for good to superior un
washed; 9^i&10c for good to prime vnwasned
peabTry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13»i@15c for fancy
washed; ll?4@13Hc for prime to strictly prim«
washed; llijni'fcc for strictly good washed;
lOy.iZlO^ic for good washed; 9U®10}4c for fair
washed; SVi<S9c for medium; 7@Sc fo^ inferior
to ordinary; 10'4@12c for good to prime washed
peabcrry; OV-eaiOc for good to prime unwashed
pea berry; 8?«@0%c for good to superior un
washed.
Continued From Pace IS.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Mrs. Fellppa M. Gatto (owner) with C. J.
Antwiler (contractor), architects P. Ri(?hettl
and H. Kuhl — All work fcr a two-story frame
building (flats) on lot on S' line of Greenwich
str»et. 114:3 W of Mason. 23x60: $39S5.
Mrs. Louise A. Sorbleri (owner) with L. B.
Floan (contractor), architects Rousseau &
Son— : A11 work for a two-story and basement
frame building (six flats) on lot on NE corner
of Sacramento street and First avenue. E 115,
N 27:10. W. 112:1%. S to beginning: $10,930.
Robert Lorentz (owner) with Adam Miller
(contractor), architects H. Geilfusa & Son — Ex
cayatinr. concrete, brick. , carpenter, mill and
stair work, roofing, tinning, glazing, hardware,
fences and plastering for a two-story and base
ment frame building on lot on S line of Ful
ton street. 106:3 W of Shrader, W 75 by S
137:6: $9000.
Same owner with Henry Hufschmldt (con
tractor), architects same — Plumbing. «ras flt
tlnir and sewerage for same on same; $1146.
'Harvey H. Dana (owner) ¦with Mangrum &
Otter (contractors), architects Cunningham &
Pollteo— Steam heating and tilinsr'for building
on lot on SE corner of Union Square avenue
and Stockton street, S 44 by E 70; $4275.
Olive S. Balcom (owner) with A. S. Ruch
(contractor), architects Button & 'Weeks — All
work except . gradlnsr. brick work, plumbing
and heating. for a two-story basement and attic
lniekand woorT dwelling-house on lot com
mencing at point 57 N of NW corner of Jack
sc!> and Baker streets. N 71 by W 40; $6310.
Henry J. and Fannie 'E. McCoy . (owners)
with J. B. Reite (contractor), architects - Mc-
Dcusall Bros.— All work for a two-story part
basement , and part •¦ attic frame bulltllne , on
lot onE line of Alnlne ; street. , 232:5V! S of
Dubocf avenue - (Thirteenth street). S .T9:6,
E 82:6. N -39:8tf." W-. 79:3%. block C. Park
HIU Homestead Association No. 2; $64S0.
M. J. and Katharina Moran (owners) with
,^.V, Iiam J ' Krecker to Hannah Krecker (wife
of William J.), same; Bift.
_ William Howard to Ralph Reynolds, lot on
SB line of Natoma street, 122:6 SW of Marr
SW 25 by SE 70; $10.
R. G. and Anna L. Clark (Corbett) to Vin
cent Ferroni. lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
street. 50 W of Vermont. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Stephen R. and Affncs T. Thorne to Lollye
M. Foster, lot on W line of Sixth avenue.
2CS;S N of California etreet. N 25 by W 120;
$10.
Robert Foster to same (wife of Robert),
same; gift.
Frank \V. and Emma A. Fuller to John F.
Grimes, lot on W line of Twentieth aVenue
100 S of California street, S 25 by W 120; $io!
J. W. Wrlpht & Sons Investment Company
to Chase F. Williams, lot on E line of For
tieth avenue, 2C0 S of A street, S 25 by E 120
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to Minora
E. cr Minora S. Kibbe. lot on SW corner of
Forty-first avenue and R street. W 30. S
100. W 90 S 150. W 120. S 30:9 SE 240:6 N
20r.:8; $ .
Patrick and Bridget Dunleavy to Wichman,
Lutsen & Co.. lot on S line of Randall street.
209 E of Palmer. E 25 by S 250. lots S and 9.
block 19, Fairmount; $369.
Henrietta and Henry Worsdale to Honore
O'Donoghoue. lot on SW line of Seventeenth
avenue 350 SE of N street, SE 25 by SWjlOO
block 347 Case Tract; $10. . f
SUsan 11. and D. W. Phllbrick to Robert F.
Bucknam. lots 753 and 755, Gift Map 3; $*K).
Julius C. Reis to' Abbie A. Salsbury. lot 14,
block 3, Reis Tract; grant.
: Julius and Annie J. Price to Antonio and
Glrollma S. Lo Blanco, lot on E line of Gates
6treet. 75 N of Eugenia- avenue, N 25 by E
70, lot 443. Gift Map 1; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Amelia Dorland and Leonore A. Souc (wlfa
of L. A.) to Lena Carey i(wlfe of Ralph), lot
on E line of Sanchez street, 50 S of Hancock.
S 25 by E 110: $10.
Peter J. Fagan to Henry Rich. lot on NE
corner of Seventeenth and Noe streets, E 30
by N 91:6. quitclaim deed; $10.
Henry Rich to Carl V. Anderson, same: $10
Estate of Mary A. Mills (by Thomas J. Be
han, administrator) to John E. Behan undi
vided third of following: Lot on N line of
Twenty-third street, 25 W of Florida, W 25
by N 104; also lot on N line of Twenty-third
street. CO W of Florida, W 25 by N 104- $1)00
William B. Bush to Mary L. Bush, lot on
SE line of Twenty-fifth and Sanchez streets.
S 22 by E 81:9; gift. •
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Chan Cheong. let on N line of Pacific street
120:8^4 E of Stockton, E 1C:9U by N 117:6;
D. W. Loring and C. F. Rllllet to same
same, quitclaim deed; $1. '
Poon Gay, Poon Chun Qul, Pocn Shun and
Poon Leong She to same, same; $10
Mary H. and James Cashn.an to Mabel E.
Brown, lot on W line of Stone street. 97:6 N
of Washington, N 20 by W 60; $10
Mabel E. Brown to Tong T.«e King and Fong
Sou Bud, lot on W line of Stone street, 97-6
N of Washington, N 20 by W 60; $10
Arthur P. and Mary McCarthy to Margaret
McPartland (wife of Daniel), lot commencing
« r .O E of Reed street and 97:« N of Clay E 1-3
by N 20, quitclaim deed; $2.
Margaret and Daniel McPartland to "W Lau
rie Sanford, lot on E line of Reed street, 97:6
N of Clay. N 20 by E 51:3; $10.
Same to Margaret P. and' Mary McCarthy.
lot commencing 50 W of Priest street and 07:6
Is of Clay. W 1:3 by N 20r, quitclaim deed; $2.
John J. Monahan to William J.- Krecker.
lot on NW lin« of Silver street, 200 SW of
Third. SW 25 by NW 75: $10.
Patrick J. Fitzslmmons to Mary Sperlsen
lot on E line of Harriet (Albion avenue) street.
201 N of Sixteenth. E 01, N 25, W 00, S 25;
$10.
Charles C. Dransfeld to John F. • Ortmann.
lot on E corner of Mission and Eleventh
streets. NE 50 by SE 100; $10.
Georse H. and Adolph A. G. Hahn. John
P. Beck. Rose M. Boreroux and Rosa S. Bar
ron to Domenico Baclgalupl, lot on S line of
Point Lobos avenue, 75 W of Collins street.
W 25 by S 125; $10.
George M. and Florence G. Perlne to Harriet
F. JIallett. lot on W line of Larkin street,
47:C S of Chestnut, S 15 by W 137:6; $10.
John H. Mallett Jr. to same. ;am»; gift.
Reglna A. S. Pescla to Sadie E. Corbet
(wife of Burke), lot on NW corner of Chestnut
and Larkin streets. N 50:6 by W 137:6; $10.
James Freeborn to Sarah Fry, lot 42 by 7:6
in center sof block bounded by Jackson, Frank
lin. Pacific and Gough streets; $1.
M. Var.derbengle to Roy Hartman, undivided
of lot on S line of Fulton street, 60 W of
GouRh, W 27 :« by S 60; $1250.
City and County of San Francisco to Charles
Diamond, lot on S line of Sacramento street.
125 W of Gough. W 25 by S 137:6; $ .
Cora E. Dithmar to Eugrene and Madeline
Calmon, lot on E line of Central avenue, 87:6
S of Pine street. S 25 by E 123:5; $10
Julia L. and G. B. N. Clow to Ezeki'el and
Julia K. Pander, lot on N line 0/ Sacramento
street. 62:6 W of Laurel, W 25 by N 100;
$S30O.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 2.
REAL/ ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Con N T 02 031 Sierra Nev 22 23!
Crown Point.. 10 12] Silver Hill 52 54!
K Sierra Nev 03 06 St. Louis 10 12
Kureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate — CS'
Exchequer ... 50 53 Union Con ... 23 25
Gould & Cur. 11 131 Utah 10 11:
Hale & Norc. 60 711 Vel low Jacket. 19 20
Julia 05 07|
TOXOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 05 Ray Exten .. — OS
Columbia 28 — Ray & O'Brien 09 10
Esperanza ... 02 03 -Ray Ton 10 !
Gold Anchor. — 28 Red Top 14 15 '
Goldfield B&B 15 IB Rescue 10 12
Goldfield Nev. 87 — Ton Belmont. . 70 73 ;
Gold Mt Con. — C3 Ton & Cal ... 15 •><) i
Jim Butler . . — 75 Ton Exten . . — 1 10
Little Ton .. — 60 Ton Fraction.. 25 — '
Lucky Tom.. 03 —Ton & Gt W. 04 —I
MacNamara . 45 46 Ton Gold Mt. 19 20
Mizpah Exten 20 — Ton Midway.. 53
Mont Ton.. 2 42Ht.2 4o|Ton of Nev. 8 00 8 12U
N T Ton — 05 Ton N Star ... 32 —
Paymaster . . 03 — Ton & S Lake. 60 —
Pine Grove . . 50 — United Ton . . — 09
Qulncy 10 — |West End ... 19 —
Lizzie Frame, also known as
"Blanche Blackwell," was arrested a
month ago on a charge of stealing a
purse from a woman on Mason street,
but after being released on bail she de
camped. She was rearrested last night
by Policeman Mattheson on a bench
warrant. Owing to another charge
that will be made against her this
morning by a Miss Tompkins of 36
Woodward street, who accuses her of
stealing a watch, her name was placed
on the detinue book.
"Blanche Blackwell" Rearrested.
ARRIVED.
Monday, Aug. 2.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. 4 hours f from Hair
moon Bay.
FOREIGN PORTS.
" SYDNEY — Palled Auk 2— Bark General
Falrchlld, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Victoria, for
Nome
PORT LUD1XIW — Sailed Aug 2— Bark Hes
per. for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN — Sailed Aug 2 — Schr Jessie
Minor, for San Francisco.
Late Shipping; Intelligence.
. The realty holdings are not of pro
portionate value. but*-one piece be
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth
streets is valued at ? 55, 000. The es
tate in the State of Nevada and Kings
County, Cal., is yet to be heard from.
The appraisement of the San Fran
cisco estate of Samuel Davis, the
bachelor millionaire.Nwho died in May,
was tiled yesterday in the Superior
Court by Julian Sonntagr, Robert Day
and T. F. Bonnet, who placed the
value of the local property at $1,668,
553 56.
Almost the entire estate is left to
Eastern relatives and consists of gilt
edged securities, some of the principal
items being: 204 Spring. Valley Water
Company bonds, worth $209,422 50;
5P10 shares of Spring Valley stock,
valued at $185,370; United States 4 per
cent consols, valued at $106,000; 12S
Market-street Railway bonds, valued
at $147,200; English consols, valued at
$-'14,612 50.
of Properly at $1,068,553, Chiefly
in Bonds. / r
Appraisers of Local Estate Fix Value
DAVIS FORTUNE CONSISTS
OF GOOD SECURITIES
N. A. Carlson (contractor), architects Kldd &
Anderson— All work for alterations and ad
ditions to convert a one-story frame cottage
with basement Into I wo flats, No. 012 Alabama
street, between ' Twenty-first and Twenty
second: J1575. - - '¦¦'-. •
Thomas G. Taylor (owner) with J*™" ¦*•
McMahon (contractor), architect T. Paters °"
Ross-Piling for a six-story and
brick buildlns on lot on S line of Commercial
street 107:6 W of Sansome. 40 by S 59.9.
( 19SS 30.
THE SAN -'FRANCISCO - CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1904.
12
RAILWAY TRAVm*
y^~H^^ Trains learo and are do*
ff^^z) 8^ FKANCISCO -
\^^^VV/ FlKBT DlTOT
(Toot et Mnrket Street >
"'" — MAIN UIneT " - *«ti^^
700a V»e«Tllle. Wlnteri: Barusey 7 50i»
7O0a Ht(c!i. E!in(r»»ir: Snrra:nrnto . 7-20»
7 -30a VMIrJo. X*rx ts»«oir)%. Saata
... M "°*«. Mt»«j>M»j. 8«n JUnwn 8 20»
7-SOa H!les.Trscj. Uthrou. S'^clcron.... 720P
8.00a SaaiM Espresi — (Tit D-«tH),
Wtuianit (for Bartl?tt Spr!n</J>.
Willows, trmto. i; e <l Klult.
Portl»n.1. Tscoma. Seattl* 7-50*
f 00a D»TH.Woodl»nd. Ka!s!»r» I.in.Iims.
-— MarysTllle. Ch'eo. oroiliie 7.60*
¦••UA Port Coats, Martinet. Aiufoch. '
Byron. Tr»cy. 8toe!ctoa. Xcw-
~ nan. Los Hnnos. M « jvfn t \.
Artnon*. n»nror<i. Viiaita,
PorterTlIIe 4
8J0A Port Cotta. Mo4e*to. M»Vc»i*. W\
Fresno. Unshen Janetlon. Uan-
ford. Vl»all». linkenileUI .. 4-5Q> _.
I. SOLA Nile*. Sun Jo«<». Ll»erraore, atoci-
ton. (t.MHton). lone. S^rrnn-nto.
MwysTllle. Cnico. lte<l BlafT .... 4-ZQp
I- JCa Oafcilf»i<*. Chinese. Jamestown. 8,> .
nor*. T«ol:tmn» »nJ Anrr!« i.?Qt»
t 00a AtUnttcExprem— Oirriea«n<; K*«i. S 2t)p
83Ca Ulchmond. Martinez and Wh;
Statloa* S 5Qp
10.06a Tba Overlnod I.lmlts-I — «u>i«n.
Omaha. Chtcaso, Utour, Kansas
City, Sk Lonis 5 20»
1000a Va!lejo_ 1220^
10.00a Los Aoreies rstsenicer — Port
Costa, Msrtlaez. Byrun. Trscy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Meroed.
K»ymontL Fresno. Gnafeen Jono-
tloo, H-in'ord. Letnoora. Vlialla.
Bakertdelfc. Lo» Ansole* .' 7.J9»
IS.OOm Hafward. Nilea and Way Stations. 3.2Q»
H-OOp Sacramento River Steamers tl t.Cd*
3.30* Bentclft. Wlaters. SacrameBtav
Woodland. Willow, Knlgbtt
Landing. Mary«T»H OtstOIs
and way station* 13-52*
I.3O nayward.Klles aad Way Statloas.. 7M»
4 COp M»rttnex,Sua H»inoi«. V»U*Jo.S a;a>
CaIl.U>ir». 8»nta Raaa. »•«»*
4 OOP «tl«-a. Tracy. Stock torn. L«4! *|9* "
4-30P Baywnrd. Ntles. Irriactaa. Baal ft.aO*
Jet. Llrensore........: 1 til.tOA
5 OOP Tbe Owt Limited— Nrwrnaa, L*s
Bsaot. Mendota. Fresno. T start.
Bakeral«ld.LosABfftlts • 3Sa
1830p Haywar*. Mies and Saa Josa ..... 720a
6 C0p Hayward. NIl«s and 6»a Joa« S iflJk
I.Mi> Kaxwa Expreaa— Ofidea. Omaha.
Chicago. Denror. Kansas City.
St. Louta, t!» Mantnez. P t..iiv>a.
S&CDvairnto. Calfax. Uen»...... IJ-SS* ¦
t.Ot)p Vallejo, daily, except daadsy.... I j «»«
70CP VaBejo, Sunday only f l9m^
7.8CP Ulehmond. Saa Psbto, Part Costa,
Uarttnes and War SutSoas ILZaft
7-CCp Reno Passenger— Port leeta, Sat-
10a. ZiiMira. Davis. Sacramental
TraekM, Laks Tanoe. Ron*. ___
Toooyah. Sp«rtci 7-5S*
¦ C6p Port Cotta, Martiaf^. Byro*.
Tracy, Latbrop. Modest*.
Merced, Beronda, Fresno aaa
Way Sutloas beyond Port Costa 12-23*
8-OSp Totcratte Valley. »U Deroada and .
Wawoaa ~ 1.50a
• -06p Hartmes. Tracy. SlAektoa 10.28a
I-Ocp Oregon * Calif orals Bxpraas— 8ao>
rameato, Vary*Tlll«, B«<l4tag.
ParUaud. Pocet Soand and K»»l. S-59*
•.10P Ilayward. NHaa and Saa Jotc (Sua-
. flayonly) 11-80A
COAST LINE (-isrrow Utagt).
(Foot of Market Street.)
'7.45a EditaCrazKzc-jrsloT^Suadayonly) 8-10»
8.16 a Kew ark. Ceatarrtlla. Saa Josa. . .
felton. BoaliierCreek.BigBaata. ¦ f
6«ot« Crm »n.t W»y Stttloa*... B-NP
tt-16A Alvarado. Newark. Saa Jo*e. Loa
6ato«,Gleawood,Keltoa. Boaldor '.
Creek. B1* Basis. SaaU Cros.... I1I>
t2t5p Newark, Centcrvlile. 8aa Jes«,
Kew AlnaaUea. J>« (i»to».Fe:ua,
Boulder Cr*e!c, Santa Cra* »aJ
Principal Way Stations 10.55 a
4.1Sp Hawark. Baa Joae. Los Gatoa t3.65a
4.1EpWr1cnt. Routder Crerk and Saata
Crux. Batarday and Sundnr vmij. *3 5b*
COAST LINE (Uroaa uaa«e). •
fW ( fnlrd ami t'owaiead SUeeta.) •
8.10a Bus Jote and Way SUtiooa 8-30»
t/OOA Baa Jote aad Way Stallooa. 6 43p
7.16a Monterey aad Saata Crat Exrar-
•lon (Sunday only) 10-33*
IOQa Mew Almaden (T,ue«.. Frid.. aa!y>. 4-lO#
• OOATb" CoMler- 8an Jo«e. SaMnaa.
Baa Ardo, Paw Rabtea. Kanta
Margarita. Ban I.nM «)i>!ipo. Sir.t*
Barbara. Saa BoeaaTeatnra.
MontAlro, Ozaard, Barbaak. Los
Angelei 1Q.4S9 •
tJ0A Gi'.roy. nolllster. CastroriTie. Del
Moate, Paclflc Grare, Sarf. L'>m-
poe 10-45*
• .C0a Ban Joae. Tres Plnoe.Wat»on»i!>.
Capitola. Santa Cms. ParfSe .
Brove. 8aJ1aas Sin I.ut« Ohlapo
aad PrlaclyJ Way Stations. ... 4.19»
10.50a Saa Jote ana Way SUUons 1.29?
1120a Santa Clara, Saa Jose, Los Oa:oi
and Way SUMon 7.30s
IJflp Ban Jota and Way Statlona 8 38*
IJ CCp Del Monte lixpress (except flan-
day) — Saats Clara, Kan Jo-n.
WataottTtile. Saata Cruz. Del
Moata. Monterey, faetnc QroT*. f|2- J5p
3 .SOpBurllazane, Saa Jo*e, Ol!roy, Hnl-
llster, Tres Plaoa.PaJatit.WaUoa-
»t!Je. Capttola, E»nta Cras. Chi-
troTllle, 8a!lnaa. PaciMc GroTs... 1Q.4<«a
4.S0P?aa J»»e aad Way Stations +3 00a
t5 OOP Santa Clara, San Jose, Loa Uatoa.
Wright aad principal Way Svv
tton* (except Sanday) tSOOa
fS.SOp SanJoteavdPrlaclpnIWayStatlont {3 40*
g 45p Sanaet Kxprent.— Usdwood. San
Joee,Gllroy,9altnas,!*MoKot>tea. -
Ban Lois Oblipo. Santa BarHara,
Los Angeles. Pemtnc El Paso.
New Orleana. Kew York T «»«
I.4SpPa)aro. Watson-rllle, Capttnla. | »,-,.«
Santa Crns. CaatroTlUe. DelvJJo-JO*
Moate, Paclne GroTe
IS-ISp E»nUl»t«o.r.sre*ford.Belnioat,8*a
Carlos. Ked wo©.!. Fair Oazs.
Mealo Park. Palo Alto tt.«S* -
630p Saa Joweaad Way SUUoaa. 6 38*
¦ 0Op Palo Alto and Way Stations 19-1&A
11.30P bonUtSaQFraactsco.Mlllarae.Bar-
IlngmnM. San Matao, Beliooac.
San Carlos. Redwood. Pair Oaka,
Mealo Park, aad ra4o Alto...... %A%m ¦
s11 Up MayOeM, Mountain Tlow, Suaay-
ti!«. Lawrence. Saatta Clara and
an Jose t>.4>»>
A tor Morning. P for Aiwera«ofl ""
t EaaJay exeeptcd. t SmikIht only
«• Satorday only. * Voawar ontr.
I'ltnm trail ttntln— *¦ tnJUlsx T^Z-
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
T_4ESSE3E3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAT CO3KPA3TT. - •
Tlburoa rerry. root oX Market Str««t>
SAN TBANCXSCO TO SA2T SATASIa.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00v 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 3:10. 8:30. 6:80 aad 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RATAEI. TO SAN ITtAJTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:W. 6:60 t T:33. 7:W. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. 12:00, 8:40, 5:00. 3:20.
6:23 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:43 p. ta.
SUNDAYS— «:B0. 7:35. 9:20. 11:13 a. m.: I:**,
3:40. 4:30. 5:00. 3:20. e:». 7:80 p. m. x'
lExcept Saturday. ' '
Leave I In ESeet I Arrrvs
San Fran, f May 1. 1904. | Saa ITaa.
Week I Sun- I Destlaa- I 8ua- I Woe*
Days. I days. | Uoa. | daya. | Daja.
7-30 a 7:43 a 7:43*
7:30 a 8:00 a S:40a »:40s,
8:00 a 9:30 a Ipimdo. 10:20 a 10:20 •
2:30 p 2:30 p »:W)p «:20p
6:10 p 3:10 p «-20p 7:25 p>
. .*"' ¦ 8:43 p _____
7:30a 7:3Oa ~~ ,l : i5. * l ,VH£ 5
8:00 a 8:0Oa Norato.. 10:20 a X-V.™ •
2:30p 9:30 a Petaluma. 0:20 p tt:3» p
B-IOd 2:30 p aad 7:23 p T::3» .
3:10 p Santa Ross- 8:43 p
7 30a 7:30a " 10:20 a 10:20 a
slooa 8:00 a Fulton. 7:23 p «:gp
2:30p 2:30 p 8:43 p 7:23 p
j Windsor. j
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
230 p 2:30 p Geyservlllo. 7:25 p 7:23 p
| Cloverdale.
7:30a| 7:30 at Hopland 110:20 allO.'.'O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and UXlah. | 7:23 p[ T:2o.P
I i wimts. j i
7:30 al 7:30 a( Sherwood. l7:25pl7 23_3
8:00 a| 8:COal GuernevUle and J10:20 a(W:20a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. ( 8:45 pi 6X>9
8:0OaT-S:0Oa 8:40 a »:4O»
3:10p »:3Oa Sonoma- «:00p •:^B
S:10p Glen Ellen. f 8:45 pi ,
7:30 al 7:00al ~ TIoTcoTfloTaO •
_2:3O p| 2:30 p| _ SebastopoL_ | 7:23 pi_o:-0 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whits
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; ai
Fulton for Burke'n Sanitarium; at L.ytton. ror
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Slta?gs
Sprtnars: at Cloverdale for th« Oeysers. Boone-
vllle *nd Greenwood; at Hopland tor Dunc.ta
Springs. Highland Springs, KelseyvlU*. c *j' s *
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartieti
Springs; at LTclah for VJchy Springs. Saratogs
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttei
Springs. Upper Lake. Porao. 'Potter valley.
John Day's. Rrverstde. Llerley*a. Bucknetl's.
Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Cams
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brag?.
Westport. Usal: at WHllts for Fort Brag*.
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
v;l!e. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens,
Dyer. GarbervlUe. Pepperwood. Scotia and
Kureka.
Saturday 'to Monday round-trip Ucksts at rt-
duced ra;es. I
On Sunday* — Round-trip tickets to all point!
beyond San Rafael at hair rates.
Ticket OfHce. 630 Market street. Chronlcli
bulldlnj.
JA9. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Hen Manager. On. Pass Act.
1 WeeMy Gal $1.00 wM f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITES STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
NORTHERN ASSURANCE
COMPANY
OF LONDON, IN ENGLAND. OX THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1903. and for ths
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $169,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.556.545 00
Cash in Company's Office 7.717 93
Cash in Banks 1 162.577 01
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 10.676 23
Premiums in due course of collec*
tion 487.80085
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 170 7t>
Total Assets $3,400,487 S3
LIABILITIES. ~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid 174,727 74
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 144.49145
Losses resisted. Including expenses 44.763 94
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,008,-
260 01; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1.004.134 6O
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,521,-
725 79: reinsurance pro rata 842,776 37
Due and accrued for Salaries.
Rents, etc COO 00
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 70.396 53
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
. Premiums 119.004 SO
All other Liabilities 2.003 03
Total Liabilities $2.302.SS8 06
IN'COME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,303,082 80
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stock?, Loans and
from all other sources 89.347 73
Received for Rents 7.000 00
Received from all other sources.. 8,460 20
Total Income $2,419,880 82
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid foe Fire Losses
(including $147.S05M6, losses of
previous years) $1,070.036 86
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 3S1.122 89
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 131.419 43
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 70.316 45
Alf other payments and expendi-
tures 717.010 62
Total Expenditures $2,368,906 45
Losses Incurred during the year. .$1,118,890 15
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks |
written during the
year 5282.971.041 $3,336,578 13
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year I 241.873.611 2.856. 61S 42
IJet amount In Jorce
December 31. 1803.. 308,283.111 3,529.994 79
GEO. W. I3ABB. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this.
27th day of January. 1004.
• GEO. H. COREY.
Commissioner for California in New York.
Western Department. Chicago.
G. H. LERMIT. Manager.
San Francisco Office, No. 230 California St.
Walter J. Wilson, Residant Manager.
Ahpel & Bruckman, City Agents,
No. 209 Sanscms St. Tel. Main 5781
RAILWAY TRAVEL.-
Ilimited to chicaco|
Eg LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS H
Hat O:3O ». m., throoffli In 3 day*.H
Hwith diner and all trapping's. O
.Other Santa 7a Trains:
n-^ft .' m" I for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m! J Merced. Hanford and Visalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. tn. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET orriCES — 641 Market St. and
rerry Depot. S. 7. Also 1119 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 South 71nt St..
San Joie>
ROSS VALLEY,
M^w^ff? CAZADERO Etr
|^p^I§£S2ffc£i<g$j Via Sausalito Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
DeDart from San Francisco, week days, at
6-30 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00 a? m,
(11-40 a. m. Sausalito only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:15
4-00 4:35. 6:16. 6:50. B:25. 7:15. 9:00. 10:20
li:35 P. m. . »«^J» a ?. d . ''f^J? 0 "^ d'Pari
¦t 7-10 • 7:45, »:.J0. 9.15. 10:00. 11:00. li-*o
a m 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:13, 4:00 4ajf
6:«!"5?&0. 6:25. 7;15. 8:15. »:0O. 1O:2oV ll'S
P 'i^rtve at San Francisco, week days. «.«t
7W 7 35 8:15. 8:45. 0:36, 10:20. ll!w »- m '
iiM. 1*5. 2:50 3:35. 4:20. 3:05. 6:40. saa*
«T55. 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays aid
legai holidays extra trains arrtre at 12:43. 2:03.
8:50 p. m. - '
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. m
3:15 p. m.. 5il5 P. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and leeal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 9:13 Ta^
Ufoo. 11:40 a. m.. 12-0. 1:00. l»lv£Ufit!ft
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations
¦j:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point R«e!"
etc. ' .."?
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Cax*
dero. etc.
5:13 p. m. dally except' Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 v. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc.
; S:15 p. m., Sundays only— For Caiadero eta.
! TICKKT OFFICE— 62G Market si aaer °* ela
FEItRY— Ln'on Depot, font of Market st
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lear* T» HastaliU Pcrrj Arrive
San Kraut lico r«t *f g^itft a. San Francisco
Week Sun- _t^a bm.» A'eek
r^Ti 8:307 fej^fe^ T&rrn&li
...10:00 a 2:05 P*t 1.05 4
10:00 a 11:00 a \ft5JtK2>V 3:36 r 3:35 p
1:46 r 12:20 r 'KsSsSvJ' 6:40 r 6:15*
• :lsr 1:46 r , XEfcS^ 6:1Br 10:0*1
'4:35r^ y(f 8:50 r
* Tls Craflty C*r. ' Taatlpait t> 1111 Tallty.
Tickkt (625 Mark rt St. (North hhore Railroad]
Orricu Jana sJjlcsaijtu JTxkky, foot Mulct i\
• "yyoaiS TO rara^aaajgaf srn. |
.PINi:. l'.'A. rr. rrarrtclin— 1. 2 or 3 room !
iu^ies: all- conveniences; reasons!'!'.
POST. ?¦f»— Larpv luinirJv il r&Cra: ladJ: 1 or _' ;
' pcntJcmcr. ; lcfcrenccs.
;Ii \.K. :)17— A*n:ce!y fu:n:ih<<5 rocra for two j
*' tre»;< lemon; reason: ble.
.CcAveLU :«-T«o *unr.y mems for
p«;r.:lrrrcr..
IX'iTr.LU iwli— Kooms t^ let; furnished.
I.OYAL lioete. I2B iaii»T»iacanaf«eett tight*. |
nxUpjf-toam. n&afc!ns»f«oai *n<i ladies' par- |
.lor: nfcnzft per.nfsht, Kc <• II &>. we»k. $2 ;
to rnoruh. $* to. Kn: • ; t \ ator on ground •
?Tocr: room* with b«t and .old water: b»th». \
EAenAMENTC. Ifill— Very sunny and clean J
rt«r rootc ;.CBatleinarL j
EANKiM'i 4J-— Sr.isU funiish^d room; rent j
xaif^r.a'. I?. j
SIXTH 240^4— J-t. Jchrs; 1 l< a««nt front fur-
nish^ r<TOir.*:'ccn<ra\ lorjition: mest reaa.
EEI'EXTKEN'TH. MOH, near Markf 1— Klecant-
!y furn. Isrrc front «ur:iy room: gas. bath,
v!->sct. pbpM; Wwefk; pent; beard optional.
VjlTTr.R. 2'^» -N'cly funvched rooms.
• P!"TTTIH. "."C — Frr-:it punny room to let.
VNITEO STATES. 123 ndrty. near Market — «O0
• •rrctrf. ¦•¦*..: tn ?l rirtt. ?1 7T. to *fi week; elec- !
'..jr>r ISxhts <no »:a«>. rjrnlnr wat'r in every I
'^fcera: :>vator. read. -room; fre<» b<ir; bagKS«*. :
'tl'ASHCfCSTOX. 1325 — Nlctly famished room. •
?s. . t !
'vnvCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. rear Market— j
". Mest c>r.vrnirnt and rrepeclable; 7C0 room*: ;
' Tic tc $1 t.O rrtrM: tZ to *$ week: elevator; |
r]tr. iichts: readir.B-rocm: free bus: baitcar-. j
WOLF Bcote, 702 S'.x'.h St.— Rocmt from 13o j
. to Sl'pfr r.iiiht tr\A from 90c to (5 per week, j
" A'fivnRTIFEMENTS-. *ub.«cr'.ptionp received at !
<~a!l branch o*f»ce; cer. Duncan and Church sts. j
A BRANCH office cf Tne Cell for the recept'.oa j
• tt a4verti*em«iti> and subscriptions ha» been J
: cpened et 100S Msrket st.. opposite Fifth. !
'Open uctll 11. p. m. !
' .' &O0US AlTOBOAm
RO"^M ar.d board $16 to $1S per month; com- f
forts; bath. etc. 1021 Washington St.. near I
. Maton. . ' i
3AYLOR, <10— A nice large room for two
¦ ' -fentlerrtcn .who would room together; /good
Aboard; also room ar.d board for a r.rat. plain \
¦ -Av-Kn. . ¦ j
."XtVENTY-FIFTH. 3437— Large room newly j
• furnirhed; toutheru fipofure; board optional:
-' phone. . — * ¦
VALENCIA. 'Xid — Ueautiful sunny rooms;
. -nicely furnifhed; runnirg water: private!
' boarding-house.
fTDY. 112S. cpp. ' Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
« evnr.y; rc.oint; table; board: reas. : new rnanag*.
£L'Ll£ 45^ — Fire furnished rooms, with first-
.'* class French table board; reasonable prices.
EXCELLENT 1 r*rd. $4 per week; with eunny i
. rocsu $D. 323 First st.
LliOWAKlJ. S11A — Flrst-clacs board and room.
• i\tie> or double. W-$6 wk.: American family. 1
MASON." C15A. near Sutler — Sunny front room. ]
.: uith or without board. In private family. !
.O'.FA'iRELL. 1453^Handaome suit and single !
, .voorrs; board optional; Jewish iamily. ,
PACIFIC ave.. 171G. above Van Ness— Large
•¦ .».l;:.iij tooras; running water; use of parlor.
jF»«\ei!ton MaTiei'-n. cpp. Grace Church, annex
«-C7iCa!:rcrr.!a — See rooms. learn prices.try table
THE tiomora. 181 O'Farrell st. — Large grounds,
bil!fci:d-room. -superior table, quiet sen'ice.
VAN NEisS ave., 850 — Large sunny frcnt room;
tood board; tse parlcr, piano and phone.
CTEBSX&&. 3 4:>1 . near Gearj- — Nice home for
a >ounj lady cr centleman.
ADVEKTISEMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church «ts. j
A. BRANCH off«e for Tte Call for the rec-ptlon ;
of advertisements and subscriptions has been 1
cpened at IOCS Market rt.. opposite Fifth. I
-<~>:>eri jintil 11 p. m. ',
¦ . BOOKS Alf D BOA.SD WAKTED.
GENTLEMAN, wishes high-class board on Rin-
• < \>n llfll: IsvlwUUxuc to pay well fcr the best.
• lk>x L'Sf.l. Call office.
BOOM ZE5TUJ& AGEXCY.
WE rent your rooms; hundreds of roomers call-
ing daily; don't delay eeelng us. Room Rent- ,
i:yr Advertisers, 117 Sutter St.; phone Clay
'.»:«>; office in rear of Ftore upstairs.
STOCKS AND BONDS FOB SALE.
roit sale — ~fttKi shares of the capital Etock of i
the Glen Cove Land and Transportation Com- '
'jany. Box 2*73, Call office.
TO LEASE.
TO rent or lense — A irood size etore in Ochsner
• buildinc, adjoining IV?toffice. K st., between
. Seventh and Eighth; a coiyl opportunity to
• f;< t a business in the be^t business portion of
?ac;ancrto. Apply Bt premises or 112 Beulah
• rt.. Pan Frar.clFmo. JOHN OCHSNER.
TYPEWRITERS AJ7S SUPPLIES.
AN etcTejitlonally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smftli Prem'ier. F~>: other typewriters at
Mg-her and lower prices; rentals ?2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
[SD-UAKD typewrite™ sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Tyf>ewritinir Int=r>ec. Co.. SOS Marl eu
VTAVX.
A WAV to health — Mothers* and daughters'
hr-me treatment ; booklet free: write fcr it.
• VIAVI .CO.. Van Ness; phone East 282.
PaOPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. Office of In-
' "dian AfTalre. Washington. D. C. July 13.
. 1»<H. — Notice is hereby given that bids for
«the purchase of" unleased segregated coal and
atpbult land* and unleased segregated coal
. asphalt deposits will be opened by the
CcrrmiFv'.oner of Indian Affairs at his office,
in Washington, at dates as follows: For the
'purchase of tracts within the McAlester Dis-
trict ¦ No. 1). at 2 o'clock p. ra. (Eastern
• lime}. ¦ Mor.day. October 3. 19O4; for tracts
in the Wilburton-Stigler District (No. 2), at
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time), Monday. De-
cember 5. 1!X)4: for tracts in the Howe-Po-
Uau District. (N»; 3), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern 'time). Monday. February 6. 1903;
for tracts in the McCartain-Massey District
«Nc. 4). .at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time),
Monday. April 3. 1906; for tracts In the Le-
r.igh-Ardmore District (No. S). at 2 o'clock
p. ra. < Eastern time), Monday. June 6 1903;
• er.4 for tracts in District No. 6 (unleased
f pregated at-phalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. rn.
(Eastern time). Monday. August 7. 1805
Circulars descriptive cf the lands and d>po«lts
"*o be «o!d and copies of the regulations of
June 17. 1904. governing the sale of the on-
Irasfl segregated coal' and asphalt lands and
¦bleated segregated coal and asphalt depos-
• Its, racy be obtained upon application to this
office or the United States Indian Agent.
Vnirn Agency. Muskcgee. Indian Territory.
Bid* Riu»t be on the prescribed form, which
. • will be found in the regulations. A certified
vheck or draft for twenty per cent cf the-
amount of the bid must accompany the bid
.'Tne lands will be eold for caeh. and success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit with
.the Commissioner of InC'an Affairs the full
amount of their, reepectlve bids within fifteen
•days after receipt by them of notice of tte
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
dfr faiis to comply with the terms of his bid
w.fh'.a the time specified the check deposited
ty him as> an- evidence of good faith will be
to the use of the Choctaw and
CbickjLcaw nations. The tight to reject any
or all bids is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
will contain a clause "subject, however, to
existing rights of way for railroads." A. C
TONNER. Acting Commissioner. ¦ Depart-
ment of the Interior, Washington,' D- C
July 13. 1804. Approved. THOMAS RYAJ*"
Acting Secretary.
*>£TICE TO BUTERS OF GRAIN BAGS— I
km authorized by Use Board of Prison Di-
rector* tc *ell one million (1.000,000) grain
bags at !l 75. exwt cash, within the period
up to and including the 15th day of August
130t. Any purchaser may buy the whole or
sny part of the one million (L000.000). All
ordtns to be accompanied by the affidavits
. tequlred by law. Blank orders can be had
.upon application. J. W. TOMPKINS, Warden
Fgn Cuentln State Prison. ¦¦
STJUT^IBIjrOAiroSTAJOynjaiHQ.
Al- Melbourne Institute. Van Keu 4b Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. S. : private; established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2826 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followtct marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles H. Meaklns. 24. 303 Golden Gate
avenue, and Alice M. Stocker, 17. SOi Golden
Gate avenue.
William P. Morrison. 24, 1035 Clay street,
and Rose Crocker. 2$,' 934 Powell street.
WJlliam R. Eaetman. 31, Washington. D. C,
and Lottie Patter. 25. city.
Oscar Sutro, 'M. 2519 Broadway, and Mary
E. O'£:illiva&. 34. Alameda.
wmiam P. Horn. 21. Saw Pine street, and
Grace C. Martin. 18, 11»2» Broadway.
An<lrew 8. Kowan. 21, Vancouver. Wash.,
¦rrt Josephine M. de Greaycr. 21 city.
Max Turtcltoub. 20. 21 Rausch street, and
£3 rah Terkltub, 10. 42 Moee street.
Jaires T. Morris. 2C Seattle, and Carrie
Brown, IS. Denver. 1
1 LiLTHS—MAiiRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrioce ar.d death notices aent by
' »--.a;l artll not t>e ir.-^;tcd. Tnoy must be handed
: in at either ai thr publication offices and be
: luifxied with th^ name and residence cf pcr-
•'.ir.v niKliorizeil to have the same published.
I Notice* restricted simply to the announcement
1 of tht- event are published once- In this column
i f*"**'' °- charge. i
l$OICN\
ALLISON— In this city. Autust 2. 1904, to
the wife of J. E. Allison, a daughter.
I EEKCOVICH— In Oakland. July 15. 1001. to
; the wife of S. Bercovich mee Schoenfeld), a
; son.
I DCFFr— In this city. Ju!y :i0. 1904. to the
vi<V of James B. Duffy, a daughter.
i HELMS- In this city. July 30, 190*. to the
w:fc- of J. H. Hc-lm?. a fonr
I STANGE— In th^ city. July :.'!'. 1!*M. to the
; ' wire of J. K. W. i-'ir.nge, "a daughter.
ma;:i:ii:i>.
DASSOW— vil'ADT— In this city. July «, 19(4.
by the Itev. Fathor Maximilian Newman.
U. \\*. Das5ov.- cf CfcivaKO, III., and Maiie
F. Quadt of San Francisco.
D1KD.
Barry. Wi'.liam McCarpar. Lucy, N.
Cohn. Abraham B. McRea. Donald
Ccnlin, James W. Mayer. Loon
Ducroux. Au.;u. 1 ¦•¦ Monroe, l^juis YV.
: Duff. Harry E. Morehead Samuel I.
E?an. Michael J. Orr. William
Ferguson. .Taints OsRood. Mary id
I Finnerty, Julia F. L. I'odcsta. Eugenia
; Garrttt. Samuel Schnucker. Elizabeth
i Hentrel. John W. Shea. Margaret
Kalb, lll'aria E. Simcoe, Mary A. ¦
• Klin*. Hans L. Sutherland. Mary
: Lcnehen. Catherine J. Thomas. Charles E.
Lobe, Simon Woodworth. Elmira
I BARRY and ORR — A solemn requiem high
rna.ss 'month's mind) will be celebrated to-
morrow (Thursday) morning at 5» o'clock, in
St. Patrick's Church, for th? souls of Wil-
; liairi Carry and William Orr. Friends and
: ncqua!:itances arc invited to attend.
I COHN— In this city. Aug.' 2. 1904. Abraham B..
! beloved husband of Caroline Cohn. father of
j Heckle. Millie. Sadie. Rosie, Louis, Aleck.
Earn and Salomon Cohn and Mrs. D. H.
; J^ewin of Oakland, and brother of Morris
! Cohn and L. B. Cohn cf Los Angeles, a na-
¦ tive of Germany, aged f>G years and 21 days.
! COXLIN — In this city. August 2. 100J. James
Vi'arren, beloved son of James and Susan
Conlin. a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
' years.
CTFri*nds are respectfully invited to at-
tend tho funeral Thursday morning, August
I 4. at 9:30 o'clock, from residence, 1444 Mr-
' Alliater street, thenco to Holy Cross Church,
j where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUCROUX— In Mclltta. Cal.. July 31. 1004.
Auguste Ducroux. beloved father of Mrs.
Knopf. Eugene and Louis Ducroux. Mrs. Ma-
caire and Mrs. Fourniguier. brother of John
Bapiste Ducroux. anci grandfather of August,
and Camille Knopf. Pauline Fourniguier.
George. Leon. August and Louise Macaire
end the late Jules Knopf and Louise Four-
niguier. a native of Kelgium. agfcd 00 years
4 months and 1 day. (Oregon, Vancouver
ar.d Seattle papers please copy.)
ICTI'rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to att?nd the funeral Wednes-
day, August 3. 1904. at 1 p. m.. from the
I mortuary chapel of J." S. Godeau. 810 Van
Nces avenue, between Eddy and Ellis streets,
thence to French Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cro.*s Cemetery.
fDI'FF— In this city, Augurt 2. 1904. Harry
! Elvin Duff, loving son of George II. and
Lizzie Duff, brother of Everett and IVrnice
Duff, and grandson of Mrs. Annie King and
Mrs. Annie Duff, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 y<ar and 10 months.
E5*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Wednesday), at 2 p. m.. from the reFidence
his parents. 6 Oak wood street, off Eight-
eenth, between Guerrero and Dolores, thence
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
EGAN— In this city, accidentally. August 2.
i;»04. Michael James, beloved husband of
? Delia A. Egan. father of Helen. Milvena,
John and the late Francis Egan. and be-
loved cor of Patrick and Delia Egan. a na-
tive of Coonel. County Mayo, Ireland, aged
37 years 1 month and 27 days. (Boston pa-
pers please copy.)
CXNotlce of funeral hereafter.
1 FERGUSON— In Seattle, July 28. 1904. James,
husband of Mary A. Ferguson, and father
• of Isaac. Franklyn. Henry, George. Alex-
ander Wilson anil Catherine Ferguson. Mrs.
F. V' Lee Mrs. Emma G. Grace and Mrs.
G. G. Miller, a native of Maine, aged t>7
years and 3 months.
ttT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
? Thursday), at 12:30 p. m.. from his !at<»
residence, 1«46 Larkin street, thence to Ked
Mon> Hall. 320 Post street, where services
¦Rill be held at 1 p. m.
FINNERTY— In this city, August 1, 1904,
Julia Frances Loretta. beloved daughter of
John and Julia Finnerty. aTid elster of Mrs.
Frank Osborn, John Finnerty and the late
Mary Elizabeth Finnerty, a native of Port-
land Or. aged 17 years and 5 months.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday) at 9:30 a. m., from her late
residence, «19 Third street, between Brannan
and Townsend, thence to St. Rose's Church,
Brannan street near Fourth, for services at
10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
GARRETT— In this city. August 2. 19O4, Sam-
i uel beloved husband of Susan Garrett. and
father of Ruby and Bessie Garrett and Mrs.
Ethel Nixon, a native of Ireland, aged 54
years S months and 28 days.
HENTZEL— In this city, August 1, 1904, John
1 W. Henuel, beloved husband cf Anna Hent-
¦ zel. and father of Frank Hentzel, a native
I of 'Ohio, aged 49 ytarp.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesdav) at 2 p. m., from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 940 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
KALB— In Sausalito HUaria E. Kalb. beloved
wife of Paul J. Kalb, daughter of Damian
Espinosa and sister of Josephine E. Lopez,
Martin, Francis and Loretta Espinosa, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years 6
months and 20 days.
KLING— In this city, August 1, 1904. Hans L.
. _Kllng. beloved husband of Annie Kllng,
father of Henry. Lorentz and Sophie Kling,
and brother of Mrs. C. Nielsen. Mrs. J. Niel-
sen and Peter, Antony and Lanrity Kling, a
native of Denmark, aged 40 years 10 months
and IS days. A member of the Danish
Brotherhood No. 49. (New York and New
Haven. Conn., papers please copy.)
E3*Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:45 p. m., from his late
residence. CO Convene street, thence to Al-
cazar Hall, 120 O'Farrell street, where
funeral services will be held under the aus-
pices of the Danish Brotherhood No. 49 at
1:30 p m. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
LENEHEN*— In this city, July 31. 1904, Cath-
erine J.. beloved wife of Thomas J. Lenehen,
mother of George. William, Gertrude and
Ethel Lenehen, daughter of Mary A. and the
late Joseph P. Ault. and sister of Joseph H.
and Matthias Ault. Mrs. P. Mulholland and
the late Samuel Ault and Hannah J. Hussey.
a native ol Oakland, Cal. A member of Alta
Parlor No. 3, N. D. G. W. (Los Angeles
papers please copy.)
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from her lato
residence 11 Bowie avenue, off Eleventh
street, between Howard and Folsom. thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem low
macs will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
Alta Parlor No. 3. X. D. G. *V.: Members
are requested to attend the funeral of our
late sister, Mrs. Catherine J. Lenehen. to-
day (Wednesday), at S:30 a. m.. from 11
Bowie avenue. By order of the President.
EDITH M. MUHLNER. Pres.
! C. L. FAULKNER. Secretary.
i LOBE — In this city. August 2. 1904, Simon
( Lobe, a native of France, aged 92 years.
I McCAROAR — In East Oakland. August 2. 1904,
Lucy N. McCargar. dearly beloved mother
of Mrs. W. L. Embury and Mrs. H. D.
Uacus of Oakland. Mrs. Robert Hamilton and
Mrs. J. S. Stauffer of Chico, a native of
Canada, aged 74 years 5 months and 3 days.
McREA— In this city. August 2, 1904. Donald
McRea, a native of Scotland, aged 78 years.
MAYER— In this city. August 2, 1904, Leon,
beloved husband of the late Julie Mayer,
and beloved father of Mrs. Leopold Meyer
of Antioch, Mrs. Charles London and Mrs.
Philip Latz of Modesto, a native of For-
bach. Lorraine, aged 77 years 5 months and
19 days. * 1
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
August 4. 1904. at 10 a. m.. from the resi-
dence of Charles London. 810 Shrader etreet.
near Frederick. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery via 11:30 a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets. \ ¦ ¦ -
MONROE— In Oakland. August ;2, 1904. Louis
W. Monroe, son of Mrs. J. A. Aohard. and
brother of F. M. Wermuth, D. H. Monroe,
Mrs. A. H. Pierce and Mrs. Ida L. O'Neill,
a native of California, aged 25 years and D
months.
MOREHEAD— In Oakland. August 1. 11)01,
Samuel I Morehead. husband of Annie More-
head, and father of Anna. Harrie. Mattle and
Samuel Morehead. aged 63 years.
CTFrlends snd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. August 3.. 1904 at 2 p. m.. .at
his late residence, 2318 College avenue,
HENRY J. CACLACH^it CO.
'(Successors to FUnnagan & Gallagher.
DANIEL, P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
¦ t 20 Fifth rt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— : Funeral Directors and Embalmtra '
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at S6« MISSION. Tel. South 1G7.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth et,
, Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
(CKricnUs and acquaintances are ie3pect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at - p. m. from the funeral
l'arlurs of the II. K. Maass Company, 917
Mieslon etreet. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
SHEA— In this city. August. 1, 1004. Margaret,
beloved wife of the late Cornelius Shea, and
mother of Mrs. M. K. Mulqueeney and Mar-
garet and Cornelius Shea, a native of County
Cork. Ireland aged 70 years.
G^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday) from at. Michael's Church. Uv-
ermore. where a requiem high mass will .be
celebrated for the repose ol her soul upon
the arrival of the 7:30 a. m. train from San
Francisco. Interment St. Michael's Ceme-
tery. Livennore Remains at the parlors or
McAvoy • & Co., 12o9 Market street, mar
Ninth.
SIMCOK— In thi? city, August 2, 1904, Mary
A., beloved daughter of Margaret and the
late William M. Simcoe, and sister of James.
John, Margaret Kate and Julia Simcoe, a
native of Marysville. Cal.. aged 24 years 0
months and 17 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully icvited to attend the funeral services
at her rate residence. 1841 Buchanan street.
Thursday, August 4., at 9 a. m. llnterment
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
SUTHERLAND— In this city. August 2. 1904.
Mary Sutherland, beloved mother of William
G and Andrew D. Sutherland and Mrs. Ly-
ford Sinclair, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 71 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 1251 Union street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul, commencing at 0 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Centetery.
THOMAS— In this city, July 31. 1904. Charles
E. beloved husband of Lucy Thomas, son of
Mrs. Lura Thomas, brother of Mrs. Edward
Peterson and George Thomas, all of James-
town. X. Y.. and uncle of Roy J. and Mrs.
Carrie Peterson of San Francisco, a native
of Troy. N. Y.. aged 07 years 7 months and
12 days.
ttirFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
under the auspices of San Francisco Lodge
No. 3, I. O. O. F.. on Wednesday. August 3.
1904 at 1:30 p m sharp, at Odd Fellows'
Hall', corner of' Seventh and Market streets
(take elevator). Ex-Placerttes kindly attend.
Remains at the chapel of Craig. Cochran &
Co 42fl Golden Gate avenue, between Lar-
kin' and Polk streets. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
WOODWORTH — In this city. Aug-uet 1. 1904,
Elmtra beloved wife of William Woodworth.
and loving sister of Mrs. R. T. Nickerson
and Clara and Harriet Eastman, a native of
Santa Cruz, Cal., aped 37 years. (Santa
Cruz. Cal., papers please copy.)
CFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
dav" ct 10 a. m. from the funeral parlors
of "Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Cvpress Lawn Cemetery^ '
Berkeley, under ,the auspices of Court Unl-
vorslty No. 7015. A. O. F. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
OSGOOD— In this city, August 2. 1904. Mary
K Ossood. beloved mother of Mrs. May P.
Loskay, and grandmother of Vera and Doris
Loskay. a nntlvu o' Gahvay, Ireland. ¦
rODKS'J\V-In this city, AuffU.it '2, lUCi, Ku-
penia Podesta dearly beloved 'iaujilitier of
Mis. iiosie Arata, tftepdaashtep of l J aoio
Arata. and ete^sieter of livne Arata. a native
of San Frantssco. as^d 12 y«ars 10 months
and 17 days.
SCHXL'CKEl;- In this City. Ausust 1. 1«H.
Elizabeth Scbuncken beloved .wiCe of the late
Andrew Schnucker and davoted mother of
Charles, (irorge aiiJ Andrew Bchaucker, U
native of Uerniany, aged CO years o months
and 12 days.1 CATTLE, :' SHEEP AXD HOGS. (
Continued on Pago TwcIts*
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Aug. 1.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 10,000; slow. 10c lower; native
steers, ?4e6: native cows and heifers, $1 75a
5: stockers and feeders. • $2 5rt*»4 50; bulls
(2 25^:3 75; calves, $2 oO@5: We-itern steers'
$3 7505 50; Western- cows. *1 75©3 60.
¦ - HOGS — Receipts, . . 11,000 head ; ' market 6c
lower; bulk . of sales, (5 05@5 15; heavy, }o©
Kansas City.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3000 head; market dull to lower; good to prime
steers, $5<S0 25; poor to medium, $4@4 90;
stockers and feeders, $283 73; cows,' $1 so«3
4 25; heifers, $2®4 75: canners, $1 5002 B0
bulls. $2@4; calves, $2®6; Texas fed steers
$3®4 50. .
HOGS-^-Receipts to-day, 16,000; to-morrow
20.000; market dull. 5@10c lower; mixed and
butchers, $5 20@5 45; good to choice heavy
J5 25@5 40; rough heavy, $4 80©5 10; light!
$3 15«5 45; bulk of sales. |3 20©5 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000 head; market
steady, good to choice wethers, $3 75@4 25
fair to ' choice. mixed. $363 73; Western sheep.'
t-i 75Q4 40: natrve lambs. $4@7; Western
lambs; $4 75@6 85.
Chicago.
RAI3INS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 3 -crown.
3c; 2-crown. 2%c; Malaga, loose. 3-crown. !
2%c; 2-crown. 2Uc; seedless Sultanas, 3c:
seedless Muscatels. 2Uc; Seeded Raisins. IS-03
cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4c; 12-02 cartons
fancy. .1?4c: choice. S%c per lb.
I NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softahell. 13U©14c;
No. :2. ll%612c; No. 1 hardshell. 13®13%c;
No. 2, U8H73C; Almonds, 13$l3ftc tor sew*
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7%©9%c;
Peaches, 59i@7i5C per lb; Pears, 8@9%c; Figs,
2-crown bricks. 52%c; 3-crown. 53c; 4-crown,
We: 8-crown. 75c; bulk white. 3*;<g3--Ae: black* :
4c. Old crop— Evaporated Apples, 6%g7%c per
pound. ¦ , • . ' 1
PRUNES— 1903 crop. l«i©2Kc for the four |
sizes. :^i«mhH|ipmMm
Fruits remain as before quoted. Prunes are
weak, wUh a large carry-over, but everything
else in the fruit line Is cleaned up. aa already
mentioned, and the feeling Is steady all along
the line. Nut* and Honey are as before stated. -
the former being firm and in good demand •
and the latter dull. {
The Raisin Association has fallen to pieces,
not being able to secure the necessary member
ship cf growers to carry it on another year.
and hereafter each grower will handle his crop
himself. The association will, however, re
main together until the old crop Is worked off.
and has named the lower prices quoted below
to this end.
Dried Fruits.Nuts,RaisinsJioney.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— On the Produce Ex
change tb-day the butter market was steady;
creamery. 134$17c; dairy, 12®15c; eggs. firm.
12%@16%c: cheese, steady. 7%©8Hc
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There la nothing new to report, trade b*1n«
still quiet and featureless. The Chicago wires
of R. Brent Mitchell yesterday said: "Price*
are a shade easier. There is so little doing,
however that there Is nothing to comment
upon. Shipments of meats and lard arc less
than last year. Th» packers claim the strik«
Is practically broken, but th» speculative fra- j
ternity is yet disposed to wait for further de
velopments^'
CURED MEATS — Bacon. lOo per lb for >*
heavy, 10%c for light medium, 12%o for light.
13 %c for extra light and iec for sugar-cared;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c: California
Hams. 12%c; Mess Beef, HO-ftlOSO per bbl:
extra Mess. JUS11 50; Family. $12512 50;
prime Mfw Perk. $14 50: extra clear. $21;
Mess. $17 50: Dry Salted Pork. Olie: Pig Pork.
$24; Pigs' Feet. $3: Smoked Beef. 14c p«r.lb-
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6<t?6%c F»r lb for
common and 9c for pure; ba!f-barr«ls. pure.
9%c; 10- lb tins, 9*ic; 5-lb tins. 9'4c; 3-lb ttns.
10c.
COTTOLENE— Ona half barrels. 8«4«: threw
half barrels. $\c; on« tleroo, 8%c; two tierce*.
8c; flv« tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides rule firm and the market !» bar«,
having been cleaned up by the demand follow
ing the decrease in supplies in the Weat, ow
ing to th* packing-house strike. Prices show
no further advance, however.
The Wool market continues as befor« quoted.
Th; quotations below are nominal. •¦ th« -
srrlng clip Is practically cleaned up and th«
fall clip has not yet begun to arrive in volum*.
The situation In Hops remains unchanged. .
The market Is steadily held by growers, and
buyers evidently want the goods, for they arc
bidding full figures for 1901 contracts.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %31c und«r quotations. Heavy salted
steers, luc; medium. 9c; light. 8%c; Cotr
Hides, S^SUc for h»avy and SgS%c for light;
Ftags. 6c: "Talted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf, lie: dry Hides. l«c; dry Kip. 13c;
dry Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, sh<>arllngs. 23$40c
each; short Wool. 40QC5o each: medium, 75^9 '
9Co: long Wocl. $1«1 50: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and *21?2 50 for medium, $1 23
61 75 for small and 50c ff>r Colts; Horse Htdttv."
dry $1 75 for ianre and $1 SO for medium. $19
1 23 tcr small and 50e for Colts. Buck Sklas —
Pry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central American. OOlfOTHc. Goat Skins —
Prime Acfforas. 75c; extra large- do, $1 25;
large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c; small.
20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4ff*i;o per lb;.
No. 2. :.%c; grease 2%tf.1c.
WOOL— Spring Clip— Humbolrlt and Mendo
cino. 17 CIS-; San Joaqutn and Southern, 12
months'. 10<S12c; do 7 months'. 9911c per lb:
Middle Counties. 13317c for tree and 12315c
fcr defective: Northern. ICSJISc for free- and
1431Cc for defective; Nevada. 13316c. accord
ing to condition.
HOPS— Nominal at 25-«27%e per lb fcr Cali
fornia. 1900. Contracts for 1004 crop are quoted
at 17g2Oc.
Meat Market.
Everything now is in good supply and ex
pected to continue so until winter sets ln>.
Sheep and Lambs ccntlnue to arrive freely
from Nevada, and California sources are send-.
Ing In ample supplies cf Beef. Quotations for.
Veal are slightly lower, as the market Is lib
erally stocked with this description. The situ
ation in Hcgs remains as stated for a week
past, the demand and supply about balancing.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5©6%c for Steers ar.d 4f 3 ; ic per ID
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 5g7c: small. 7tT?e per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7%fJ3c; Ewes, "o per lb.
LAMB — !VgO%c per lb.
PORK— Dreswed Hoc. «%«S%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 7%«?7%e: Cows and
Heifers 5U©*5>!.c: thin Cows. 4©3e per lb.
CALVES— 4(jr4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3?ic; Ewes, 3®3H<s
per lb .'gross weighty.
LAMIJS— $2 5<>f;2 75 per head.
HOOS— Live Hogs. 140 to 2C«> lbs. 4%W±s;
200 to 25O lbs. 4%c: l.*M> lbs and under. 4%e;
over 250 lbs. 4t-Jc: soft H<tcs. nominal; 8ow».-
SO per cent off; Boars. 5O per cent off. and
Stags. 40. per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — The State Prison Directors are offer
ing l.OCO.OCO San viuentin grain bags at $t 7S.
Other bags are %-cak at 5V»c. Wool Bags, 30^
32c; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags, 6%£7'io
for white and 7e for brown Juts.
CANNED FRUIT — The California Fruit Caa
ners' Association quotes Use following,' prices
fcr O"f l*>04 pack: ¦•,-*¦"- .'
~ ~~ ~ . ?» 1 a o» ti
*-. is** ff . S
* 5 3 I !
FRUITS. H g" 3. ."
* ¦* • •
Mm! 5
Apple* |$l 63;$1 3O$l 2O *l 19
Apricots J 1 25) 1 13 103
Do peeled 1 90{ 1 esf
Do sliced 1 90 I €3 v ..
Blackberries 1 60 1 35 123 115
Cherries. Royal Anne... 2 lOf 1 80 1 tt&\ 1 33
Do white 2 004 163 1501
Do black 1 8Ot 1 es 1 SOI 1 3O
Grapes. Muscat .» 1 23} 1 10 1 OOt 3O
Nectarines 1 50 1 251 1 15 1 05
Peaches, Yellow 173 133 123 115
Do. Lemon Cling 1 80 1 40
Do. L. C. sliced 1 80l
Do. White Heath 1 30
Do. W. H.. sliced 1 43 1 3O
Pears. Bartlett 190 160 140 123
Plums. Green Gage 1 33 1 10' 1 COj 00
Do. Eg? 1 35 1 10) 1 COt 9*>
Do. Golden Drop 1 33 1 101 X CO( 90
Do. Damson 1 40 1 15 1 03. 1 OO
Raspberries 2 SOI 2 23 1 OOf 1 90
Strawberries 2 OOl 1 75| 1 60t 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standards. 67%Q70c; gallon standards. $2 03t&
2 10; 3-lb solid pack. 87%890e; Green P«as —
Baby petits rois. $1 50; .petit.* pels. $1 33: ex
tra sifted, fl 15: standard sifted. $1; standards.
Sic: Marrowfats. 82%c; gallon sifted. $4 23;
gallon standard. $3 73 f. o. b. Saa Franctscot.
COAL— WeUingtcn, $3 per ton; New Welling
ton. IS: Peattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50: Be*ver
Hill. $5 !U>; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7: Coos
Bay. S3 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 23 in
t<aeks>; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Eg*, $13: Welsh Ltrcnp.
$11 50; Cannel. $3 50 per ten: Coke. $11 30013
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 43 per 2C0O lbs and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per Tb, 4%c;
eases, regular. S3 35: cases, extra large. 6*%c:
Eastern style. 6%c; boneless. «V4c: "Norway."
e\ic. "Narrow Gauge." «*i.c; "Silver Kin*."
T?4c: blocks. "Oriental." «%c; blocks^ "8«s
brisht," 7c; tablets. Hie; middles. 78O»4c:
fancy boneless. 9'-,nD*-;c: pickled Cod. bbls.
$S: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 73.
CORDAGE— The local company quotes as fol
lows. 60 days or % per cent discount for cash,
no sales under 10,000 lbs.: Manila, 14 %c: Sisal.
lOUc; Duplex. 9%e: Bale Rope. llViSU*»J
per Yb.
COFFEE— -Ccsta Rica— UQlWc for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12%013%c for prime
washed; 10%&12%c for good washed: Il%ei3o
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10911o
for good to crime pcaberry; Iiai2%c for good
to pruae; 0$10%c for fair; 7%83%o for com
mon to ordinary.
Salvador— 13014c for fancy washed; 12«12?io
for strictly prime washed: 10HGH%e for good
to prime washed; 9®10Uo for fair washed;
10<812c for fair to prime washed peaberry: 10©
10%c fcr good to prime aeml-waahed: 9li30*ia
for Burvertor no washed: 9c for good greea un
washed; 94 8I0c for good to superior no
washed pea berry; "t?Sc for Inferior to ordinary.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 90c
@n. No. 3, 90097c; No. 2 reJ. 93<g95ttc; No.
2 corn 53%c; No. 2 yellow, 54%c: No. 2 oats,
new, 34%®35c: No. 2 white, 35%@35%c; No. 8
white. 35®37c; No. 2 rye. 62c; good feeding
barley, 35c; fair to choice malting, .42©45c;
No. 1 flaxsecd. $1 17; No. 1 Northwestern.
51 24%; prime timothy seed. $2 05; mess pork.
per bbl, $12 80; lard, per 100 lbs, »6 82%©
<i 87%; short ribs sides (loose), $7 8007 62%:
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 2S; clover, con
tract grade $11 25.
Articles—' • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels • 12,800 7,700
Wheat, bushels 174.OUO 31,600
Corn, bushels 287,100 270.70U
Oats bushels 208,700 113,100
Rye, bushels 0.000
Barley, bushels 12,900 8,500
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Weather Report.
<129tfc Kerldian — Pacific Time )
• . • BAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 2—5 p m
The foUowlcr maximum anl minimum tern-
P«rattsres are reported for the preced'.nr <lav
Bos*». % 90-€S]New Orleans ..'.SS-7*
• Cincinnati SS-6<S Philadelphia 8«-7-»
" -Jacksonvlllt, S6-7*j l: .Va*hln<rton 86-70
Et. -Louis S4-O?New York 64-70
BJLS rRANCI8CO 60-52
COAST RECORD.
' o 2 2 0 » g
/ STATIONS. I ||p|I p I
m . 9 A # * m
' Es.ker 23. OS S8 66 6 P.aln .04
C*rsoh ........ 28. S3 N« « KW Clear 00
Ky.refca ". 30.00 5S M w Cloudy ]oo
>re«io .3>..S 100 60 NW Clear .00
F E. Fiir=.IIon.i3.07 S« 52 NW Cloudy .00
r.igstaiT 2V.R* 76 4S # EE Cloudy .W
IVcate.io 2».*2 68 60 SW Clear 00
lr. dependence .2V.S2 1K> «2 gw Pt ddy 00
. Iv>s Angeles ..29.S4 82 XA W Clear "CO
Mr. Tair.nlrais.29. 03 7/j Vt VT Clear .00
Ncrth Head ..30.0S M 53 xw Cloudy 00
Phi*Elx 29.70 1(12 78 W Cloudy • *00
I'oint Heyes ..2S.33 53 50 NW Cloudy 00
r-.rtUnd ».»6 SO 54 NTV Clear 00
RetS Uluff ...2S.80 'jH W £E Clear 00
Rosefcurg ".23.90 90 64 N • Clear •: CO
Hr.erarjcr.to . .29.R4 80 54 S Clfar 'OO
. Salt Lake ...23.S4 88 00 NW C ear 00
£*-n Fr»nciseo.29.0« BO 52 W C'ear *00
S L. Obirpo.. 29.5*2 70 48 W Clear CO
Kan Dleco ...23.KS 72 <2 V." Clear *OO
B-»tt> 30.04 70 £O W Clear "oS
Spokane 23-S4 90 52 W Clear 00
Tatccsb SO.CS S4 50 SW Cloudy *00
Walla WaUa. .2*.). 82 »i C2 SW Clear "oO
Winnemucc* -29.88 00 W SW Clear 'oo
Yuraa 23.70 104 76 SW Rain x.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
• There has been but Uttle change In the
weather during th« pest twenty-hour hou's
on the Pacific Coast. Thunder storms coa
tinue In the Sierras and in the mountains a*
Southern California and Arizona. Rain fs re
PcrtVd at El Paso, with strong loortheast
w lncs.
It is somewhat warmer la tfte foothills and
mountain* of California ww«m« ua
Forecast made at Saa Francisco tor thirty
hours ending midnicht, August 3- "- lr *y
NcrtJaeni California— Tilt VTeSaeafiar, ex-
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— Dull and apathetic
tradins marked the Stock Exchange session
to-day and the movement of prices was so
«lu«lsh as to be of little Importance. The
gutter of prices was Intermittently upward
and downward and was part of the time above
*nd part of the time below last night's closing
level. The resumption of business in the Lon
don stock market after a three days' holiday
bad little effect in reviving the influence of
the international political friction in Europe.
In fact, buying for London account was a fac
tor in the first hour here and helied to absorb
the light profit taking. Foreign markets them
selves seemed little aiTected by political j or
military events. In spite of the importance of
the harpenings In the Far Eart. A sharp re
action in Metropolitan Street Railway follow
ing yesterday's strength was the early feature
here and was easily traceable to th6 de
nial fcy President B-Mmoni of the ru
mor that Interborough capital was seeking the
control of tee Metropolitan system. Southern
Pacific seemed to enjoy a belated advantage
from to-day's report of large steel rail pur
chases for ta« Harrlraan system, while Union
Pacific was subjected to profit taking. Penn
sylvania made no response to the June earn
ings statement, which showed the continued
fail in gross earnings at last overcome by the
drastic retrenchments put . in force ¦ by . the
company. The extent of these retrenchments
offer a further formidable prospect to other
railroads, which eee in that . process the . only
method cf conservinx net" earnings, but which
may be r.ot so well equipped for reducing op
erating expenses. The day's discussion of crop
proepects was against the stock* marker. • The
deterioration in spring wheat reported by. the
Weather Bureau was more emphasized in the
estimates of some private authorities who have
following! in the speculative market.
The cotton market also reflected some anx
iety over the condition of that crop. The sus-
T-ense of the decision as to a strike of the an
thracite miners -was a repressive Influence on
th«. coalers, but the prevailing sentiment was
hopeful of avoiding a strike. >The unrest of
lsbor va> held before the public attention by
the tel'Krsphers' troubles on the Kansas and
Texas Railway. The market shewed decreas
ing resistance to the weight upon it ' and
clewed eaFy at about the lowest of the day.
Bonds were dull and Irregular. Total sales,
par value. Sl^W.OOO.
United States bonds were uneh.mir.-rl on ealL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 17.100 75*% 77% 77%
Atchison 1 pfd 400 »C% 96' 05%
Bait & Ohio 3,000 84% 8iK 84%
Bait & Ohio pfd... .... .. * i-i 7 "
Canadian Pacific... 200 125* 123U 125*4
Central of N J.... 100 163 1C3 1C2
Cbesap ft Ohio ' •}•••£
Chi & Alton 1,400 40% 39U* 40%
Chi & Alton pfd ™™ gj
Chi ft G Western.. IOO lit; ijti 14
Chi tc Northwejttn. 500 180% 177% 177 U
aiSff^srSk"^? "!r: "«* \?4
Chi Term ft Tran 51?
Chi Term & T pfd. .*¦* 13 »?
C C C & Et Louis .... 73S
Colo Southern ** j«i?
Colo South 1st pfd **!! 48
Cclo South 2d pfd •••.
Dei & Hua>on_.... 100 100% 160% 15»U
Del Lock & West 2<wv
Denver & R G '//. %l2
Denver ft R G pfd. * 7?'*
Erie BOO 24% 24% 244
Erie 1st pfd ...... 400 61 60% C0U
Erl* 2d pfd ...... 100 36% 3c£ SS
Hiking Valley ... „ .... 63U
Hocking Val pfd.. .... 791?
Illinois Central .; 600. 133% 133Vi 132%
Icwa Central '....'' ijjiZ
Iowa Central. nfd.. . 200. .33% .35 S3^
K C Southern 21
K C Btutth—n/al&i 100 42 42 42£
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 2301 75 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons from the river, 60t?S5c per box;
Watermelons. $163 per dozen.
GRAPES — Seedless. 50>@73c per box or crate;
Fontainebleau. 40(rtS5c: other variedes. TScfiSl
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. SI 50@2 50 per
box for Valenciaa and SI 236 1 50 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons, $2 239*. 75 for fancy,
SI 50® 1 75 for choice and $lttl 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit. $1@1 50; Mexican Limes.
S4&4 60 per case; Bananas, 11 50$3 per bunch
for Central American and 7Sc@*l 50 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 50<g2 50 per dozen.
FIGS— SI 23 per box,
Trade In deciduous fruits was quite active,
both on kral and shipping account, and top
quality offerings cleaned up pretty well at good
prices. Peaches led In point of demand, and.
although there was an abundance of low
grade fruit on hand, good stock was easily dis
posed of. some fancy lots in regular boxes
selling as high as €Cc per box. Large open
boxes did better, as the market had previously
been pretty well cleaned up. The top quotation
was obtained only for one line of exceptionally
fine fruit from Sonoma County, SI being about
the top for the general market. The cancers
were purchasing freely cf Green Gage Plums
and Bartlett Pears, but were not handling other
fruits. Apricots in bulk were easier, owing to
the lack of demand for canning purposes, and
the top quotation was obtained enly for Bmall
parcels of the very best stock. Plums. Prunes
and Apples had little change and the last
mentioned descriptions were very weak, with
supplies excessive. Seedless and Fontalaebleau
Grapes were very dull at the quoted rates,
while the Black and Muscat varieties were in
good request at firmer prices. There was no
change in Melons, the demand for good stock
being briak. Blackberries were weak at a
lower range of prices, under heavy receipts
from Sebastopol, while all ether berries were
firm. Citrus and Tropical 'fruits were quiet
and featureless.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest for Long
worths, $38« for Alviso Berries and S3J?4 50
for the larger varieties
LOGANBERRIES — S6®7 per cheat.
BLACKBERRIES— $1 50®3 per chest.
RASPP^RRIES— J6®9 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
APRICOTS — Small boxes. 40g50c; crates 65
®75c: in bulk. 1-4©2%c per lb.
APPLES— Slfcl 25 per box fcr fancy. 6SCS5o
for choice and 35@50c for common; Crab Ap
ples. 50-fiCOe for_small boxes.
PEAKS— Bartlett. 73c@Sl per box for
wrapped stock: in open boxes, S30 per ton for
No. 1 and 40@50c per box for No. 2.
PEACHES— Small boxes, 3O$50c; open boxes
and carriers &06<2c; lug boxes, 73c 13.
basket*. 30@40c.
PLUMS. AND PRUNES— Plums. G0@60c t>«t
crata and 80940c per small box: In hulk. S2O
per ton for canning varieties. Prunes, eoi@TSo
per box or "crate.
NECTARINES— 73c£Sl per crate.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2. — Money on call was
very easy at %Ql per cent; closing bid. %
per cent; offered at 1 per ceat. Time loans
were easy and dull, with sixty and ninety day
loans at 2&2% per rent and six months at
3 •*(&.¦$ "4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper.
3^04^4 per cent. Sterling exchange was firm,
with actual business In bankers' bills at
S1.VT80 for demand and at $4.Sf«Q5 for sixty
day bills. Posted rates, S4 o5%@4 86 and
$1 88@4 8S%. Commercial bills. $4 83%. Bar
silver. 5S%c. Mexican dollars 45%e. Bonds —
Governments. Eteady; railroads. Irregular.
Nezv York Monev Market.
EASTERN 3IARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
°
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S5*«
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8SV4
Eterlin? Exchange, cables — 4 S&U
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 5S%
Mexican Dollars 46 Q 40%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 2.15
Berlin on London 2O.4S
Paris on London 25.25
iVhcat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Continue largely nom
inal, with no rpot business of any consequence.
at 17s tid'g'JOs. usual European options. The
chartered Wheat Beet in port has a registered
tonnage of 77CO, against 32.155 tons on the
same date last year; dUengaged. IH.S90 tons,
against 79,2iX>; on the way to this port, 229,300
tons, against 374.CO0.
WHEAT— Foreign markets were firm, with
higher flguresi
Chicago nas excited and 2%c higher, chiefly
owing to the issuance of an estimate by Jones
of the Commercial West, who reduced his fig
ures on the crop to 530,000,000 bushels. This
is a marked falling off from preceding esti
mates. The volume of business was large.
Another source cf strength was the continu
ance of bad reports of the grain crop from the
Northwest, much of the Wheat in North Da
koti being reported dead frcm rust.
The Chicago wires of R. Brent Mitchell said:
"Liverpool closely followed the advance here
since last Friday and continental markets were
sharply higher and somewhat excited. The
broadening speculation U coming on the in
creasing crop damage complaints from the
Northwest. Theae are being confirmed from
all sources. The large receipts at primary
markets are to-day meeting with a Rood de
mand and prices are higher. There has been
free liquidation by the liberal short Interest
and a good deal of profit-taking by profession
al holders. The market, however, holds tha
advance well and reactions are very slight.
We regard the conditions, nowever, as bullish
and aavlse buying Wheat on fair recessions.' 1
This market was very firm, and sellers asked
higher prices for both California and Northern
Club, but buyers were unwilling to pay the
advance. Trading In futures was excited and
heavy, about 15,000 tons selling on the morning
session. The advance was due to the. Chicago
rl9e and covering by shorts, and amounted to
3»4c.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 37%@l 42%; California
White Australian. $1 55^1 67%; Northern Club
$137%ei42%; Northern Bluestem, $1 52%@
1 55 per ctl.
:J '^: FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 44 $1 47 $1 44 |1 46%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 46% $1 4ti% SI 46 $1 46
i BARLEY — Feed moved up a fraction again,
and futures also ruled firm, with fair trading
in both. There is a good demand for old Brew
ing, but there is not enough left for a quota
; tton. There is little call s for new Brewing.
The shippers are fair buyers of Chevalier In
the country.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 O6H©1 08«i; new Brewing and Ship
ping, $1 10@l 15; Chevalier, $1 17 Hit 1 30 per
ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
t\- Open. High. Low. Close.
December *.?1 08% *1 t/»% U 07% SI 08%
; 2 p. m. Session. .
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 03% $1 0s% $1 07% SI 08
OATS — Continue firmly held, with a fair lo
cal jobbing: demand for feed and milling, and
a speculative movement ' In seed . lots. Prices
remain as before.
Red, $1 27%@1 32% for feed and SI 3Ofi
1 37% for seed; Black, $1 25 for feed and |l 30
@1 35 for seed.
CORN — Receipts are moderate, stocks are
light and the market is firmly held, but quiet
and featureless. The Chicago wires of R.
Brent Mitchell yesterday said: "It was active
and strong from opening to the close. Cables
were up sharply and European advices gener
ally were bullish. . There were indications of
a large cash business here. Broomhall cables
that the shortage in the Danubian corn crop and
the general shortage in the fodder crop of
Europe is making a strong situation. These
were the incentives in to-day's advance. The
weather Is fairly favorable. The recent devel
opment of an export demand has -materially
changed the conditions and outlook. It acts
like a bull market and we would buy on its
reactions."
Western sacked. $1 47%®1 55 for Yellow and
White and 1145^150 for Mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 50@l 57%; small round do,
Jl 55©1 60; White, nominal; Egyptian, $130®
135 for White and SI 25® 1 3O for Brawn.
RYE: — Steadily held, but quiet at $1 25#1 30
lor new.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75®2 p«r ctl.
Flaur and Millstuffs.
There Is no further change to report. Busi
ness is fair at previous quotations.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $ t 60-3
4 90, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. S4 60©4 80;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at S3&5@4 25
per bbl.
y MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages ara as
follows: Graham Flour, S3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour S3 50: Rye Meal. S3 25; Rice Flour,
$7: Corn Meal. S3 50: extra cream do. S4 25;
Oat Groats. *4 50; Hominy. »4©4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. S4 60tf4V75: Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25@S 60; in sacks, $6 75^
8 10; ' Pea.rl Barley. S8; Split Peas, boxes, S7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
VThe ; weakness . In Hay continues. The re
ceipts are not so excessive as they were a few
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 21'622c
for extras and 2Cc for firsts; dairy, 171119c:
store Butter, 14Sfl6c; Eastern creamery. li)%9
20c: Eastern ladie-packed. 14^l3%c per lb.
CHEESE— !*§9%c for choice mild new and
SQ'>%c for lower grades; Young Americas 11®
ll%c: Eastern. 104H3c: Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 22%<82tc for fair and 236260
for choice; store. 19Q21c; Eastern, 20©22%c
for firsts and lS%f?19c for seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market is working into better
condition, and the finest creameries are qucte<5 '
•till higher, with lighter stocks. Most dealers '
now report their supplies of choice goods light. I
though there Is no scarcity ia the general mar- S
ket, as the medium and lower grades are still
abundant and not firm. Receipts continue to '
run over 1O0O cases a day. as will be seen, and ;
the reduction in stock* Is attributed to the In- i
creased consumption due to th« return of peo- \
pie from their summer vacations In the coun
try.
Cheese continues in free supply and on- }
changed. The market Is dull. ;
Eggs are still easy, with 25c the ruling fig
ure for ranch, anything over this figure being
extra fine. Receipts are free and stocks are
ample for all current needs, while the demand
is nothing extra.
Receipts were 119,100 lbs Butter, 13S3 cases
Eg$3 and 15,300 lbs Cheese.
cept thunderstorms In the mountains; light
southerly winds, changing to brisk westerly.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday, ex
cept thunder storms in the mountains; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada — Thunder storms Wednesday in th*
mcuntalns; fair elsewhere.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday.
¦with fog In th« afternoon; fresh westerly
winds. A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
Fcr the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. mu,
120th meridian time. Ban Francisco, Aug. 2:
' ~ ~S S 3 2 ' X
•^g -33 2 m m *.
«» S «• — I "f Sa
3g2B i • *;
nn 1 -
STATIONS • * o 4 °a
c s -» • "
¦• t * a * 9
? 7 £ 5 5; 2.
lip? ?«
Colusa 92 62 Clear !ob
Eureka 58 52 W Cloudy .00
Fresno loo 60 NW Clear .00
Hollister S4 4S W Clear .00
Independence OO 62 SW Pt.CIdy .00
Kinjc City , $7 40 N Clear- .00
Llvermore si 50 .... Clear .00
Los Angeles £2 18 W Clear .00
Merced 99 *A .... Clear .00
Napa 79 47 S Clear' .00
Newman 9$ 55 .... Clear .00
Palermo 09 fit Clear .00
Porten!;!« OS 61 W Clear .00
Red Bluff OS 01 se Clear .00
Riverside 9S Kl Clear .On
Sccxamento Mi 54 P Clear .00
San Diego 72 62 W Clear .00
Fan Francisco 60 52 W Clear ,0<)
San Jo«e 73 B2 .... Clear .00
Fan Luis Obispo TO ' 48 W Clear .00
Santa Maria 72 M Clear OO
Santa Rosa 74 51 Clear .00
Stockton S4 53 Clear .00
Willows 0<i €0 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
• Colasa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Willows — All crops continue In good condi
tion.
Ltvermore — Headlnr all finished.
HoIIister — Apricot drying nearly completed
crop tetter than estimated.
Stockton — Cool weather unfavorable for
driers.
San Jos» — Garden seed estimated at 50 cars.
Santa Maria — Grain thrashing still con
t'r.ues: 150, 0<V> sacks thrashed already.
Newman — Conditions the same.
Palermo— Heavy thunder clouds over moun
tains; Mulr reaches ripe.
Napa — Morning high fog; warmer weather
needed for crapes.
A. G. McADIE.
Two ears of Western Poultry, one of which
went direct to a retailer, were marketed and !
met with a brisk demand at good prices. Trade
In domestic stock was quiet, but prices wer«
upheld, as dealers were firm in their views and
not Inclined to force sales. Two more ears of
Western stock are said to be rolling this way, «
and It la thought that cne of them will be de- j
layed by the recent washout In Arizona.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 1&817C per lb for
Gobblers and 14f|15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25^1 SO; Gosltng-i. }1 5081 75; Ducks $4^
4 50 per doien for old and $4 50^5 far young;
Hens. $5 50^6 fcr large and $4 G<>cj5 for small;
young Roosters. $7^7 50: old Roosters. J4 6O®
5; Fryers $4 50t?r» 50: Broilers.- f 303 50 for
large and $2 I *>S3 for small: Pigeons. It 50 per
dozen for old and $1 25 'a I 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Wild Doves. 6O@75c per dozen; Hare.
11 23@1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, U 75
per dozen. .
Poultry and Game.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Wheat for September
delivery sold on the Board of Trade to-day for
9414c an advance of 2%&2%c, compared with
Saturday's closing- figures. The sharp upturn
was duo to alarming reports of rust damage to
spring wheat in the Northwest and to almost
equally i>eEslmisUc advices from foreign coun
tries. The market closed at the high point of
the day. Other trains were influenced by the
strength of wheat. Septemtx-r corn closing with
a gain of 2%®2Vic. Oats are up 1%^1%C.
Provisions are unchanred.
From start to finish the wheat market was
an exceptionally strong affair. An eslmate
made by a Minneajwlis crop report that the
total winter and opting wheat crop of the
United States would not be to exceed 350,000,-
COO bushels caused active covering by shorts
at the opening. As a result Initial quotations
on September were up H'S'Vsc to H^f«c at
»2iie4«2%o.
Another factor of almost equal Importance
that contributed to the early bullishness was
the strength of all foreign grain market*. Liv
erpool being up from l?&d. compared with Fri
day's close. The price of wheat at Budapest
was reported to be from 7c to tsc higher than
Saturday's final nzures, ar*4 this added zest
to the buying. Many traders discredited these
figures, but when confirmation was forthcom
ing skeptical ones quickly Joined the bull ele
ment. Crop advices from the Northwest con
tinued to dilate on enormous damage by rust in
the spring wheat fields. Damage reports were
partly substantiated by the weekly Weather
Bureau bulletin. About P*.e only news ol a
bearish character was a decrease of 314.000
liu.-th.--lj- in the world's visible supply, as against
a decrease of l,«5n.W>0 bushels last year. The
rruirkt . receivrd the support of an active gen
eral demand throughout the entire day, buying
by Ncrthwest houa*s beinc especially heavy.
Foreigners also bought more freely in this mar
ket to-day than for several we-.ks pact.
With the exception of a slight recession so«n
after the oieiiicg, when September touched
M%e, prices moved steadily upward, the close
being practically at the top. Final quotations
on September were at »4 1 »©'>1Uc, after the
price had reached 94 Uc Clearances of wheat
mi! flour were t^ua! to De.Sco bushels. Pri
mary Tf i •::¦!» -»era 723.CW bushels, against
S37,iuO bu*hels a year ago. Minneapolis, Du
luth and Chicago reported receipts at 46^ curs,
compared with 400 can last week and £32 cars
a year ago.
In th- corn market a burst of bull enthu
siasm at the opening was followed by a rather
easy tone, there being Influential selling by a
broker supposed to be acting for a leading
ele\ator concern. The market closed near the
highest point of the day. September opened
>,c to %c higher «t 51US 51%c. sold between
51c and WUc and closed at B3H93314& Local
receipts were 269 cars, wltli lti of contract
grade.
More than usual interest was taken in the
oats market. The market closed strong and at
th" top. September opened a shade lower to
a shade higher at 33ftfi33%c. sold up to 34Tic,
where it closed. Local receipts were 2S0 cars.
Notwithstanding the strength of grains the
provision market remained quiet and easy. A
decline of 10c In the orlce or hoes was the
principal bear influence. September pork
closed 21 %c lower. Lard was off 2%@5c. Ribs
were unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 — .
September, old. 93% 03% 93% 05%
September, new 92U 04% 92% 9H 4
December .. 9H4 W% »1% 04
May 93% 06% 83% 86U
Corn. No. 2 —
August 50H 62% 60% 62%
September 51% *>3* 61 My*
December 47% 43Vi 47U . 4»Vi
Oats No. 2 —
September 33% 34% 33% 34T;
December 34 V 4 35% 34 33%
May ' 35% 37% 35% 35%
•Mees Pork, per bbl —
September 12 b7% 12 90 12 80 12 87%
October 12 97% 12 57% 12 85 12 &2%
Lard, per 1C0 lbs —
September 6 «7% 6 97% 6 90 6 95
October 7 02% 7 02% 7 00 7 02%
Short Ribs. Der 100 lbs—
September 7 65 7 65 7 67% 7 55
October 7 63 7 <57% 7*62% 7 67%
Future Grain and Provisions.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Board of Trade. |
*if S - ANOELES SUMMARY.— Peaches and
* prlcots . are light crops ; the latter nearly
cteaswd cp. Pranet. are light. Oranges and
¦walnut* .promise- l**s than usual on account
wea^he" 111 *' <i '** Z '' tr rood - F*vcrabie bean
EUREKAEUMMAKY.^The bulk of the hay
crop ;s etorea. vl onr.s are doing cccsiderab'e
Carnage to corn on Arcata bottom lands Kvvlem
*r« rlpesisg rapidly; yield far -below last year
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— The weather
»» a^" wa,,!^ e.r.4 generally clear during the week.
¦wifh fegs alcr.g.the coast. Heavy rain fell
In the.mo-jr.ta:n districts, amounting to three
lnch*^ ia-eome places, and was accompanied
ry tevere thunderrtonns in which two lives
*«*re lost. Grspes cor,t.:n\:e in g-x>d condition
«rd the vineyard* in irrigated districts appear
to b* racre" thritty than elsewhere: lar^e crop*
»re expected in all eecr.ons. Apricot drying i«
•rearly completed: the crop- U light Peaches
ana othej- deciduous fruit* wi:i yield light
crops. Citrus fru'.ts and walnuts are making
£?"« procrees. Beans are blooming and pod
' ciTie^I MrA**™ b * * UrSC Cr ° P m '"¦•*
'• Ct>AFT AND BAY SECTIONS.— The weather
'«»* CTO*r*Jly clear and »:rm daring t^e
y.'ty1n. with o<5c*— jcnal foc« alecs r the coast.
Grain harvest* is progress>r:g rapilly and the
" &*&& ariii qtfallty are reported very good. Corn,
' fc.-fe.si*. *n-J 'w^etable* are doibg well. Bean
h»Tvej>t ha* cocim»-nce'l in Lake County. There
are about 1500 acre* : In Sug^r bet-ts in the
Vitaf&r.r-xi district: the crop is In good condi
tion; tout will be' late. Heps are making ex
¦J ctllem'srowih ar.d in «5gme sections the crcp
.'¦will be the* t#m for several years. Apricots in
Eaa B«r.ito County are yielding a better crop
•tfcaa exr*cted- -Prunes are ripening rapidly
ard aril] be a rood crcp in some sections. Bart
. It-tt r*ars will yield 'about the same as last
2"t*r. '5rap*-s are in excellent condition and
rlr<TiinE; tie crei> will be heavy in nearly all
jMctioae. r ' * ' .^'.
EAN, JOAQUEC VALLEY.— Clear and warm
weather ;reviiled during the past week and
•»«* favcrabie tor all crops. Grain harvest
?;as beer, oompletefl in seme Fectlons and is
progrfcae-.T.sr • rapidly la others: .the crop i»
light- Airalfa is. making good growth and
the third crop is being cut in some districts.
The deciducus iruit crop Is -ripening rapidly
-end dryers and canneries are In full operation.
Large i-r.ipments cf peachy, plums and Bart-
J«*tt shears to local and liastem markets con
tirue. Watermelons are .plentiful and are be
lti.- Hdrped in ;arsre quantitieii. Sorchum ar.d
corn *re making" rapid growth. The prur,e
crcp is gooa. «ir&->«-i! are making good, progr-ehs
and a lcrtr+ crop will b*? harvested. Early table
frrapes are being marketed. The citrus fruit
crop is -nakir.g pood rrc-frress. Water is get
ting low. • frtock *re healthy and in good con
el t ion.
SACRAMENT* "> .VALLEY. — Clear, warm
¦ ;»'eazher cor.tir.ued during the week. Grain
hurve-s* progressed rapidly and Is nearly coro
fi«ne<5" The crcj> is very light in most section*
• nd t£e quality Inferior, live hay crop, now
i*>ar!y disposed of. is heavy and cf excellent
quality* Hep* art making pood growth and
the crop will probably be fully average. Grapes
Innflniit in Srpt-class condition, very little
«.-•..-• having been dotie by heat thus far,
¦ntl the outlook t* good for an unusually heavy
Vleld. . The 'prune- crop la Yolo, Colusa and
<jlenn coar.tiee Is reported large and cf goo-1
•quality. Pears . are yielding a good crop ex
cept in the foothill districts and heavy ship
rr.e r.ts ' we being cade. Peaches are light in
£noFS »*ctlvjs. Fie» are oranges are in good
¦eotMtltiCB.
Warta *nd generally clear weather prevailed
4uring the" week, with occasional foga In the
-coast districts. Severe thur.demerir.s and
r^vy rains ocecrred In the xnouatalns cf
F ;utfcem California ar.i at least two lives were
hart by Urr-tniag. On July 25 a quarter of an
Inch of • rain f ell at Rivcranle.
Grain harvesting a-.i thrashing are nearlng
cotnpietSon and hay baling 1« proKTtsslng rap
, Idly. The rraln crcr 1» much below th« a\-er
* - - In yield and quality, though a fair crcp
fc&5 been gathered la portions of the coast
section. Kay ha* yielded one cf the largest
crt>r» 'or several years, except In the South.
*ad the-' quajity is exceUer.t. Hops are making
good tT-vtfc and In *onic sections will yield
more than the average. Bean harvest has
.Cfur.mer.cfd in Lake County. The bean crop
In Southern California Is doing well, especially
en irrigated lande. Sugar beeta are in good
condition and the crcp will be about average.
Cora and vegetables are thrifty. Dry feed \»
«tffl' plentiful In kes section*.
•Grajw* have not been materially injured by
t-.tf.t ET-.4 • cr>ntinue rvmarkably thrifty in all
**<rtior-*. with indications of one of the largest
crop* for D^veral ye«.r». Apricots and prunes
In. soTrve s«tior.e are •yleWing better crepe than
«r*et<><I a few weeks ago. an<l pears are prov
ing a Jeir crcp In some places. Peaches and
sj^ifs are generally light. Fits, cranges. wal
nuts and sJaionds are making satisfactory
%. rogres* 1 -nn< 'good crcr* are probable.
The we«k!y report of A- G. McAd!*, section
director cf the clirsate ar.d cror> servi;* ef
tfce Weather Bureau. Is &s follows :
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The. Weather and Crops.
Provisions.
Nonpareil* 12©12%c for I X L. 12^12%c for
Ne Plus Ultra; Peanuts. 6<37c for Eastern; Pe
ca:r. llS13c; Cocoanuts. |4 50®3.
HONEY — Comb. M%@13* for whits and 10»»
lie for amber; water whita extracted. 5.@«c;
light amber extracted. 4%t?3c; dark. 3%e4 l ic.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb. T-T?
ONIONS— Sllversklns. $1 25©1 40 per ctL |
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $1©1 50 per I
crate and 75c3$l 25 per aack; Green Peas. 1% I
62%c per lb; String Beans. 162c per lb; Wax
Beans. l§0c per lb; Lima Beans. 3©4c per lb; ,
Tomatoes, In small boxes, nominal; large ot>en '
boxes. 2Ot?C5c: Summer Squash, 20©30c per '¦
box; Cabbage $1 per ctl; Carrots. $1 per sock;
Cucumbers. 25®40c par box: Pickle Cucumbers,
nominal; Garlic. 3©4c per lb; Egg Plant. 40^
60c per bcx; Dried Peppers, nominal: Green
Okra. 50@75c per box: Green Peppersi. 40-gttOc
per box for Bell and 25#40c for Chile; Marrow
fat Squash. $15@20 per ton.
POTATOES— New Burbanks from the river. I
S5c@$l 20 per ctl in eacka and $1@1 40 per j
ctl in boxes; Salinas Burbanks, $1 50SI 75 per
ctl; Watsonvllle Burbanks. $1 25®1 60; Early :
Rose, 85c&$l; Garnet Chiles, 90c©$l; old Po
tatoes, nominal.
The market for new white Potatoes devel- I
oped a stronger tone under decreased receipts !
and a brisk demand for local consumption, and •
prices of the best stock ranged higher. Low
grade offerings, particularly those In sacks.
were plentiful and hard to eeil. and some
very poor lots were offered below tha quota
tions, but found no buyers. Onions continue
to weaken and stocks are steadily accumulat
ing.
Tomatoes were Inclined' to firmness during
the early hours, as one of the river boats was
delayed and did not arrive In time for tha
regular trade. The market weakened again, i
however, upon the arrival of the belated boat. I
and as usual there was a heavy surplus un- !
sold at the close. Fresh arrivals of Egg Plant
and Green Peppers did better, but old stock,
which was abundant, continued to drag at ir
regular prices. The other vegetables wer«
generally weak, and prices had but slight va
riation.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. !
Wheat — . ¦ . 1 • Sept. D*c
Opening 6 9% « 9%
Closing 6 9% 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat — Auy. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 21 55 22 S3
Clcsing 2190 22 80
Flour- —
Opening 29 80 30 13
Closing 29 70 SO 05
Boston Wool Market. (
BOSTON, Aug. 2. — The wool market her*
is quiet this week, most manufacturers having
freely stocked up during the early part of
the summer. Dealers have sold enough of
their new wools to make them feel Inde
pendent for some time and a firm, tone pre
vails. Future prices depend to some extent
on the state of the goods market, which has
not been as active as the manufacturers would
like. Fleeces and territory wools are firm and
the present demand for fleece wools Is largely
for the medium grades. . -
Territory and Idaho— Fine. 17©lSc; heavy,
fine. 14@15c; fine, medium. 17g"lSc.
j Wyoming — Fine, 16@17c; fin*. medium.
17618c
Utah and Nevada— Fine. 16tfO17%o; fine,
medium. 17S18c. , .
Montana— Fin«, choice. 20@21o; fine, aver
age. 19Q20c; fine, medium choice. 20921c;
'average, 19@20c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. i.— Wool firm; medium
grades, combing and clothing, 20325c; light.
fine, 16@2Oc; heavy, fine. 12® 16c; tub washed,
21©34%c.
, Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 2.— Clearings, $724,124;
balances. $190,596.
TACOMA. Aug. 2.— Clearings, $296,927; j
balances, $45,393.
PORTLAND, Aug. 2. — Clearing*, $621,629;
balances, ? 132, 172.
SPOKANE. Aug. 2. — Clearings. $334,718;
balances, $61,622.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 2. — Wheat — Walla Walla,
68c; bluestem. 76c; valley, 77@78c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 2. — Wheat, unchanged;
bluestem. 75o; club, 70c.' T?v .¦>¦'".
Lima Bean* > are quoted still higher, with
buyers in the south eager for supplies, and tha
growers declining to sell. The other descrip
tions continue firm, with not much demand.
Pinks and Blackeyes being especially strong.
There Is nothing new In Seeds. Canary and
Mustard continue very firm, with light stocks.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 4C<&2 55; Pea. J2 tt>83 10;
Butters, $3 25; small White, $2 9<>®3 10; large
White. $2 40g2 55: Pink. $3 60^3 75; Red. $4 25
64 50; Lima. $3 50^3 60; Red Kidneys^ $4 50;
Blackeyes, $2 20®2 30 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$175<32. > " w *~
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, none here; Yellow
Mustard. *3 25: Flax. $1 90®2 25: Canary. 6%«
7c: Alfalfa, 15©15%c; Rape. 1%92%c; Timo
thy. 5%c: Hemp. 3%93%c per lb; Millet. 2%
G3%c: Bfoom Corn Seed. $20®21 per ten.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas, $3 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
AVti* York stocks easier on reduced Wheat crop reports.
Slight changes in Silver and Excliange rates.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and featureless.
Wheat higher and stiff, with active trading.
BdrTc*> f.rm at a 'further advance. Oats firmly held.
Corn strong at an advance in Chicago. Rye steady,
flour and Millsiuffs in average -movement.
Br-dn and other Feedstuff s firm. Hay still weak.
& cans generally firm, zuith Lim as still higher.
•Potatoes firmer under decreased receipts. Onions xvea%*
Vegetable market liberally supplied and weak.
Poultry in brisk demand at steady prices.
A'ctrve inquiry for good shipping Fruits.
Butter doing better under decreasing stocks.
Cheese cnid Eggs as prrjiously quoted.
•Raisin Association names lower prices to close out stocks.
/Provisions continue to drag in all positions.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before quoted.
Beef, Mutton and Poik in ample supply. Veal lower.
'San QtUtitin Grain Bags offered at S4 75.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Louis & Nash .... 1.400 115*4 114% 114%*
Manhattan L 9uO 151 150 149%
Metropolitan Secu.. 2.700 80?4 8SU 8S
Metropolitan St Ry. 26,200 119% 11SH 11S&
Minn & fit Louis 45
Miseouri Pacific 200 92«. 02 9* 1
Mo Kan & Texas 1714
*?° K * tt * Tex P f d- 400 40% 39% 39V*
N R R of Mex pfd .... .. 36%
£ T Central 600 11914 '118*4 118%
Norfolk & Western. 200 608i 60% 60%
Norfolk & W pfd .'. .... 90
Ontario & Western. 6,500 31% 30% 30*1
pntsT^ « l: 180 : 800 «»»¦"»* SS8
Reading 2.400 62%. 62- {>2%
Reading 1st pfd... 100 S3 S3 62
Reading 2d pfd.... 200 70 70 68
Rock Island Co.... 2,100 22% 22 224
Rock Island Co pfd 500 64% 64 % 64 :
Et L 4 3 P 2d pfO. 300 62*1 62% B2
6t Louis S W 100 13% 13% 13%
£t Louis S W pfd. 400 84 33% 83%
Southern Pacific .. 51.600 60% 49% 49&£
Southern Railway.. 2.200 24% 23% 23?i
Southern Ry pfd.. 100 8S% SS% 88V*
Texas & Pacific... 200 24*4 24*4 24 U
Tol 8t L & West.. 400 . 25*i 25?i 25 U
Tol St L & W pfd. 200 3SVi ' &SVt 88 U
Union Pacific 27.000 969, 95^, 95^a
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 »3H 93Vi 93
Wabash 100 16% 16% 17
W abash pfd 600 35% S5Vs S3
W 4 Like Erie »i;
Wisconsin Central.. 800 17% 17 17
Wiscon Cent pfd.. 200 38'/i 3S% 3S "
Mexican Central .. ¦ 9%
Express Companies —
Adams .' 4 223
American 195
United States 104
Wells-Fargo 204
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 2.200 62% 61% 61%
Am Car & Fdy 1SV*
Am Car & Fdy pfd 77
Am Cotton Oil 26
Am Cotton Oil pfd *£9
American Ice 300 7 6% *Ts
American Ice pfd.. 300 27** 27 Vi 27ij
Am Linseed Oil 8U
Am Lin Oil pfd 100 27% 27% 26
Am Locomotive .. 100 21 21 21%
Am Locomo pfd... 200 88 SS 87
Am Smelt St Rfg.. 1,300 57^ 57% 57
Am Sm &. Rfg pM. 1.700 99% 99\* 99
Am Sugar Rfg 300 I2914 12SH 12S%
Anaconda Min Co. 100 72 72 71^4
Brook Rap Tran... 23,000 52% 61H 61%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.000 37 S6% 36%
Consolidated Gas . 4,100 195% 103% 194
Corn Products ... 100 12% 12% 12%
Corn Products pfd OS
Distil Securities 21%
General Electric .. 200 163 162*, 162%
Internatl Paper .'. 13%
Int Paper pfd 400 70% 70Vi 70%
Internatl Pump 30%
Int Pump pfd ! 70
National Lead 1,400 20% 20% 20%
North American .. 100 88 66 S7
Pacific Mail 26
People's Gas 2.900 loos: 100 looij
Pressed Steel Car. 400 33*1 53% 33
Pressed St Oar pfd 75
Pullman Pal Car 217
Republic Steel ... 100 7% 7% -7%
Republic Steel pfd. 400 45 44% 44%
Rubber Goods 19
Rubber Goods pfd 78
Tenn Coal and Iron 9.000 46Vi 44% 44%
V B Leather 200 7 - 7 7
U S Leather pfd P2«i
O S Realty 46
US Rubber 200 19% 19% 19%
IT S Rubber pfd 74
IT S Steel S.700 12% 12 12
TT s steel pfd 36.600 61% 60% «n%
WestinKhouae Elec 156
Western Union ... 100 S8% 88% 6S%
Total sales 3."2.600 share?.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco. 120.000 at
! $54; $10,1)00 at $£4 25: $12,000 at $S4 50.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4^4, asked 4%; preferred, bid
.41. asked 41%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s r«g..l04%|U & N unified 4s. 100%
Do coupon 104*fe|Man con gold 43.105%
LK> 3s res 104% I Mex Central 4s... »£!%
Do coupon 105 Do 1st lnc 13%
Do new 4s reg.131 (Minn & St L 4s.. 94i 4
Do coupon 131%|M K & Texas 4s. 9D%
Do old 4s reg.lutsm Do 2ds 77%
Do coupon HkJ%|NR of Mex con 4s 75%
Atch gen 4s 103V*|N Y C gen 3%s.. l»9%
Do adj 4s 05 N J C gen 54 1321*
Atlantic C L 4s. US |Nor I'ac 4* 105'
Bait & Ohio 4s...li.»3 I Do 3s 74
• Do 3%s .- M T 4tNor & W con 4s.lUl%
Central of Ga 5s.llOV*|OSL 4s & panic. 95%
Do 1st lnc 60 I Fa conv 3%s.... 97%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO«% I Heading gen 4s... 98%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 78 IS L & I M con 5s.llti%
C. B &. Q new 4s. 97 j ri L & S F f g 4s. 61 4a
C.M & SP gn 4».10»%|St L<ouis S\V lsts. J»6U
C A NW con 7i.l2SH!SeaDoerd A L 4a. 70%
C. R I &. Pac 4s. 71%ISo Pacific 4s 113%
Do col 5s Sl%|So Railway 5s...in%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01%|Tex A Pac lsts..us%
Chi Term 4s 73 Tol. St L & W. 72%
Cons Tobacco 4s.. 62%) Union Pacific 4s. 105 U
I Colo & So 4s S2%| Do conv 4s 101%
I C F & I con 5s. 72 |U S Steel 2d 5s.. 7s%
Den & Rio G 4s. 100 iWabash lsts 117U
Erie prior lien 4s. 99% 1 Do deb B 53%
Do gen 4s S4%jW & L Erie 4s... 9tu
F W * D C lsts.lO.;%i\Vls Central 4s... 90
Hock Val 4%s...lC8%!
NCT' YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 251 Little Chief 05
Alice 20;Ontario 3 50
Brwe lOOpnir 2 1(#
Bruns Con O-SiFhoenlx 07
Com Tunnel <M|Potosi 13
Con Cal & Va... 1 05! Savage •»>
Horn Sliver 1 60| Sierra Nevada •>!»
Iron Silver 1 TO Small Hopes Ja i
LeadviSle Ccn ... 02; Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — |U S Steel 12
Call loans 2 ®. - 5%| Do pfd 6OU
Time Loans . . .3%@4%| Westing Common. 78
Bonds— j Mining—
Atchlson 4s 101%) Adventure .... 7V;
Do adj 4s 0*%|Alloutz s
Mex Central 4s ... tS2%!Amal Copper 51 «
Railroads —^ jAme.r Zinc ... S'i
Atchison 77%!Bin(fham - 4 i?
Do pfd .... «j j Calumet & Hecla!4S0
Boeton & Albany. 250 I Centennial 24M
Boston & Maine.. 1C1 I Copper Range " 541
Boston Elev 149 (Daly West " 13
Fitchburg pfd.... 138 I Dom Coal .... ** 4TS£
Mex Central 0%jFranklln '.'. 7
N Y. NH & H..1S9 IGrancy A 7 /
Pere Marquette. . . 74 lisle Royale ' 10U
Union Pacific 95%IMaa* Mining ... 4
Miscellaneousr- iMienigan 4 .
Amer Arge Chetn. 14 I Mohawk 42%
Do pfd 75 (Mont Coal & Coke .1%
Amer Prieu Tube. 4 |Old Dominion ... 12%
Amer/ Sugai* 120%!Osceola ci
Amer Tel &. Tel.l3.T (Parrot 24'i
Amer Woolen ... ll%|Qutncy (u
Do pfd 77 I Shannon 5%
Dom Iron & S... 8%lTamarack ...: gsil
Ed Elect Ilium. ..243 ITrlnity 7«
Gen Electric lfil%IL T S Mining 21 £
Mass Electric... 17%IU S Oil jou
Do pfd «)%IUtah 37.-.J
Mass Gas 39 (Victoria 2X4
United Fruit 1^5 IWlnona ;i/
Unl Shoe Mach... SOUIWolverine 78
Do pfd 30%i .
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money ..87 13-16f n Y Central... l"**
Do acct 8S 1-161 Nor & Western.!! 6*»
Anaconda 3% I Do pfd 00V4
Atchlron ?0%|Ont & Western... 32%
Do pfd 9S% I Pennsylvania 61%
Bait & Ohio 86% I Rand Mines OTt
Can Pacific 12S»glReading 27
Ches & Ohio 34 V, Do 1st pfd.. 4'>U
Chi Great West.. 14% Do 2d pfd 3S
Chi. Mil & St P.151 So Railway ! 24%
De Beers lS^ Do pfd J»0%
Den & Rio G 22% Po Pacific 5l3
Do Pfd 73 Union Pacific ns%
Erie 25% Do pfd ..., 9«
Do In pfd 62% u g Steel. i"u
Do 2d pfd 37% Do pfd 61
111 Central 13fi% Wabanh ¦ 17U
Louis & Nash 117%i Do pfd ' 36iZ
M. K & Texas... 18% I Spanish 4s ..!!!.! 85$
Bar silver— Firm. 26 15-16d.per ounce
Money — 2%62% per cent
The rate of discount tn the open mtTiitt f
short /bllU la 2%©2T, per cent and for three
months' bills 2% per cent. •
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury show 8 available cash bal
ances, $153,790,607; gold. $44,216,316.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— Cotton futures opened
steady; August, 10.27c: September. 10.07c-
October. 9.83c; November. 9.86c; December'
9.87c; January, 9.89c: March. 9.04c.
Futures closed barely steady; August, 9 08c-
September, 9.77c; October, 9.66c; November.'
9.57c; 'December, 9.61c; January, 9.62c Feb
ruary, 9.64c; March, O.OCc.
Spot . cotton closed quiet. 20 points lower
Middling uplands, 10.50c; middling gulf, 10.75c
Sales. 301 bales. : /
Netv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— FLOUR—Receipts.
20.600 barrels; exports, SCOO .bushels; market
quiet but firm and held higher on some grades-
Minnesota patents. $0 10@5 60; . Minnesota
bakers', £3 ?5@4 10; : winter patents. $4 859
& 20. ' ¦ ¦ . ' ¦ •
WHEAT — Receipts, 26,000 bushels; spot
sirens; No.- 2 red, nominal el«-ator and $1 00 ~
Miscellaneous Markets.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Aug. 2.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 1200; market slow; native steers, $49
6 80; cows and heifers. $3@4 40; Western
steers, $3 2504 65; Texas steers. $2 75g3 50;
range cows and heifers, J2-S3 60.; canners,
fl 50@2 65; stockers and feeders. $2 5OS4;
calves. $3@5 25; bulls. $2$4.
HOGS — Receipts, 5200 head; market BfflOo
lower; heavy, J4 80@4 05: Mixed. $4 85©4 9O;
light. $4 90@5; Plea. $4 60©4 75; bulk of sales,
$4 90@4 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2500 head; market 10315a
lower: Western yearllnps, $3 70©4 20; wethers,
$3 40U4; ewes, $3® 3 60; common and stock
ers, $2 25©3 30; lambs, $4 7566.
5 15; packers, $5 05g5 20; pigs and lights,
$4 75«5 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000 head;- market
strong: muttons, $3 25@4 75; lambs. *4@6;
rango wethers. $3 7504 75; ewes, $3©3 75.
. .Omaha.
t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 15% ¦
f. o b- afloat. Options continued their up
ward trend all day with occasional brief set
backs under realizing sales. Besides further
bullish spring wheat news, the market was In
fluenced by higher cables and a big demand
from shorts, foreign buying and the corn
strensth. The close showed 2%©3c net ad
vance. May. 96%®99%c. closed at 99%c;
September. 9<$7-ltt<&i»*aC. closed at 99tfc; De
cember, 05 ll-ie@98Vic closed 98&C
HOPS— Steady. ,. .
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM — Quiet.
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed steady at a net decline of 5010 points.
Total sales, " 55,500 bags, including: Septem
ber, 6.C5@ti.10c; December, 6.30©6.35c; March,
.6:60c: April. 6:70c; May, 6.80c; July, 6.flO@7c;
spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice, 7 7-16c; mild,
steady; Cordova. 9%S13c. .. ;
SUGAR — Raw and refined, firm.
DPaED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market re
mains quiet, with final prices firmly held, ow
lns to light stocks; common are quoted at
4'a5%c; prime, 5?4©6c; choice. 6ii@o%c and
fancy at 7©7Hc
PRUNES— There has been no change In con
dition In the market for prunes. Demand
continues light, but prices , show steadiness,
particularly on small sizes, which are pretty
•well cleaned up. Quotations range from 2c to
6^4c according to grade.
APRICOTS-J-Contlnue quiet. Choice ars
held at 9%@10c; extra choice at 10%@10>ac
and fancy at Ilffl3c
PEACHES — Also are quiet. Choice are
qucted at 7@7i£e: extra choice at 7%§8c and
fancy at 9%~®10c. ¦ • ¦t' —
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — Tin continues to
show firmness. In London spot was a little
higher, closing at £123 5s. while futures were
unchanged at £123 10s. Locally the outside
price was a little higher, the range being
|27@27 28.
Copper was lower in London, closing at £57
for both spot and futures. Locally prices re
maiaed unchanged, with lake quoted at
$12 62% ©12 17*6; electrolytic, $12 C2%®12 75;
casting, $12 37%£12 50.
Lead was unchanzed at $4 20@4 25 In tha
local market and at £11 13s 9d In London.
Spelter also was unchanged in the New
York market, where it is quoted at $1 S5@
4 95. —-.-.; .--•-
In London spelter was a little lower at
£22 2s 6d. C -' '
iron remains quiet. The Glasgow market
closed at 51s 9d and in Mlddleaboro at 42s
10%d. Locally prices are unchanged.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW TORK, Aug. 2. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
streets show the following changes in available
supplies as compared with the previous ac
counts :
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 1.1S6.000 bushels. Afloat
for tad In Europe, decrease^l,500,000 bushels.
Total supply^ decrease, 314.000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 76,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies decrease, 566,000 bushels.
days ago, and In this respect the market Is la
better condition, but there la still a large accu
mulation In the railroad yards to be worked
off before the market can be grot back Into Its
normal condition. Prices show no change.
All Feedstuffs rule 0nn la sympathy with
the raw grain, but quotations show no further
variation.
BRAN— $21®22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24g29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 50023 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50®U2 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, 122023: Cora
Meal. $30 5O©31 50; Cracked Corn. $31632:
Mixed F«ed. $22©22 50; Horse Beans. $30040
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAT— Wheat $9©11. with $12013 50 for ex
tra fine; Wheat and Oat. $S@11; Oat. $7 50©
11; Barley and Oat. $7®0 50; Volunteer Wild
Oat, $7CK>; stable. $7©0 50; stock. $6 50fl7 30;
Clover, $7 50@9 50; Alfalfa. $7@10 60 per ton.
STRAW— SO@70c per bale.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 190J.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
& AT AUCTION fe
ON THTJRSDAT. AUGL V ST 4.
At 11 o'clock at
INTERNATIONAL HORSE EXCHANGE ASTD
SALES YARDS.
Corner Twelfth and Harrison eta.
I will eel' 60 bead of well-broken hones.
This will be a grand opportunity fcr contract-
ors or any one having heavy hauling, as thers
are teams included in this saie that weigh
3300 and over. This stock Is In fiae condition
and ready to go right to work, and must aa-i
will be sold.
N. B-— If you want good, reliable draft horses
be sure asd wait for this sals.
8. WATKIX8. Aactlomwr. .
*V_ AUCTION SALE, ARCADE HORSS
-*—^ MARKET, 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNES-
DAY, August 3, at 11 a. m. — By order of the
California Freight and Transfer Company,
I will »ell a lot of condemned horse*. Them
horses range In weight from 1200 to 1800
pounds, and 7 to 10 year* old: all good work-
ers; have been working In the tracks and
wagons of tae company until Saturday, July
SO. Also 10 good all purpose* horse* asd mares.
two light wagons, five sets of harness. Hcrses
on exhibition until day of sale.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
£=* CHEAP £*
Consignment of broken and unbroken bones;
also a number of broken saddle horses from
Churchill Company's ranches, at* CHASS'3.
1732 Market st.A public meeting of the Chinese
King's Daughters wa^ held yesterday
afternoon at the Chinese Presbyterian
Church. All the officers and members
o* this society are Chinese. An inter
esting programme of vocar and instru
mental musHc was rendered. This was
followed by addresses in Chinese by
Mrs. Chang. Miss White and the Rev.
Wong Dong Sham. A "baby -band"
was also organized and promises to be
a great success. The object of, the or-
5 r Jw. to do sood t0 the poor children
of Chinatown . . >
Chinese King's Daughters.
Owins to the great success which has
followed the use of this machine, the
present suit will.be watched with great
interest by those interested in this class
of gold mining. ¦.,.«^".
The patented apparatus claimed to
have been infringed is what is com
monly known as the "Postlethwaite Ro
tary Separator Gold Dredge," which Is
the machine in general use on the
leather River and on the property adja
cent to Oroville. California.
The Risdon Iron and Locomotive
Works of San Francisco, California, has
instituted — in the Circuit Court of the
United States for the Northern District
of California— equity suit number 13,605
against the "Western Engineering and
Construction Company and the Central
Gold Dredging Company, as Joint ln
fringers of certain patented gold dredg
ing machinery, which la owned and con
trolled by the Risdon Iron and Locomo
tive Works. h ¦-•.•:• *,
To Users of Gold Dredging Machinery.
Michael Egan, a helper employed
by the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company, was accidentally suf
focated shortly after noon yesterday
by illuminating: gas in a trench. Egan
and Thomas McKeon, the foreman,
had been sent to lay service pipes to
the residence of H. Cullener on Twen
tieth avenue, between H and I streets.
McKeon says he left Egan on • the
ground at 12:15 o'clock and that when
he returned he found the man lying
unconscious in the bottom of the
trench and the gas escaping* from the
point at which Egan had tapped it.
The unconscious man was taken to
the Park' Emergency Hospital,: but
died - before the ambulance reached
there, i It was found that Egan had
attempted to plug the pipe with soap
instead of clay. . .
Michael Egan Dies From Inhaling the
Funies While Making a Connec
tion With the Main.
WORKMAN* SUFFOCATED
IX A GAS TREXCH
Will Visit Bay Points.
- The Congressional Committee on
Merchant Marine will visit Oakland
harbor on a tour of inspection to-day.
The committee will arrive there from
San Francisco about 1 o'clock on the
Government tug General Slocum.
The members of the committee will
be accompanied by Senator Perkins
and several members of the San Fran
cisco Chamber of Comerce and also
by the harbor and water front com
mittee of the Oakland Board of Trade.
The members of this committee are
HughHogran, Edson F. Adams, James
P. Taylor, E. P. Vandercook, R.
Whitehead and Secretary Edwin
Stearns.
MISCHIEVOUS YOUTHS MAY
FACE JUVENILE COURT
Presidio Heights Improvement Club
to Take Steps to Capture Boys
Who Disfigure Residences.
The Presidio Heights Improvement
Club held a meeting in *Jjr United
Arts and Crafts Hall, PreslaTT avenue,
last evening. A: Sbarboro, the presi
dent of the club, was in the chair.
There were about flftv representative
citizens present, and numerous mat
ters pertaining to the improvement of
streets of the district were considered,
with - the result that the Board *~of
Works will he visited by a committee
that will lay before it the needed re
quirements of the locality.
Dr. Regensburger, among other
complaints, laid particular stress upon
the delinquencies of scavengers, who
are said to be extremely careless in
their handling of refuse to the dis
comfiture of persons passing on the
streets, as well as to householders.
The. matter of youths defacing houses
by writing on and otherwise disfigur
ing doors and posts caused a resolu
tion to be adopted which is to be sub
mitted to the Chief of Police with the
idea of bringing the offenders before
the Juvenile Court. i ¦
WORK . OF CHINATOWN . EQUAD.—Ser
geant Christiansen filed with Chief Wlttman
yesterday the report of the work of hi* squad
in Chinatown for last month. During the
month 152 arrest* had been made. S3 charged
with bavin* lottery tickets - in possession. 1
keeping an onium place, 0 visiting an opium
place aad 1 60 '¦ misdemeanor*. ' Of the number
60 were convicted and paid fines. 12 convict
ed and confined, 85 dismissed and 5 pending.
The * total fines and forfeitures amounted to
$270. .: ,
Burnett's*. -Vanilla' Extract . used.
a hi*hiv ladonMtd by all leading, hotels. •
SAULT STE. MARIE. Aug. 2.— An accident
to-day at the Shakespeare -gold mine. Webb
wood, resulted in the suffocation of five men.
DETENTION HOME FOR JUVENILES.—
The members of the Suaervlsora* Finance
Committee yesterday made a visit of in
spection tr> the proposed detention home for
juvenile offenders at -tol-433 Polk street. Aftsr
determining up-'n the necessary alterations
and repairs to the Dlace, which tM Mayor
has been authorized by resolution to lease,
the committee decided to Invite bid» for the
work. In the meantime the juveniles ara
cared for at the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society.
The most far-seelr.g economist of this aga
has .recently declared that at the dawn of
history the tragic stage of eommerct was in
the Mediterranean; that the discovery of the
Cape of Good Hope and America transferred
this tragic stage to the Atlantic Ocean, and
that the completion of the Panama canal and
the awakening of the Oriental nations will
transfer the tragic stage of the world's com
merce to the Pacific Ocean, where it will ac
quire a magnitude hitherto unknown in the
history of man. _
. We are to have rivals for supremacy on th«
Pacific Ocean; Russia and Japan are present,
with China in reserve, eventually to surpass
all other nations ic the potency of its Influ
ence upon all the affairs of mankind.
W. H. MILLS.
terterrltorial steamship communication, and
second, reciprocal commerce. These two poli
cies would constitute a combined force which
would give to the Pacific Ocean & vast mer
chant marine.
The Importance of this merchant marine is
obvious. When the war between Spain and
the United States waa declared and the Phil
ippine Islands were conquested. w- did not
have sufficient steamships on the Pacific
Ocean to serve the purpose of Government
transports. Great nations are to arise on th»
eastern shores of Asia;. Russian-Siberia, Ja
pan and China are from this time forth to be
come factors in Pacific Ocean commerce,
which will eventuate in a commerce far .ex
ceeding in volume that existing on the At
lantic.
The Swedish Republican Club met
last night at 161 City Hall avenue for
the purpose of ascertaining 1 how many
members had registered for the com
ing elections. Also many members
who have not yet been naturalized
were persuaded to take out papers.
Monthly meetings will be held by the
club until after election. The annual
picnic will occur on October 16 at
Shell Mound Park.
Swedish Republicans 3Ieet.
In the midst of the excitement^ the
horses attached to the carriage In
which the union men had been riding
became frightened and suddenly dashed
up New Montgomery street to" Market
and down that thoroughfare. At - the
Junction of Market and Second streets
the vehicle struck a fire hydrant and
was promptly demolished, but not until
It had broken the hydrant off at. its
base, from which shot a torrent of*
water hleh into the air, much after
the fashion of a Yellowstone "gusher "
Freed from the. hack, the frightened
horses, with traces dangling -at their
feet, proceeded in their flight down
Market street, but were finally cap
tured and safely tied to a telegraph
pole. Meanwhile the volume of water
A wordy war between angry hack- I
men on New Montgomery street yes- j
terday terminated in a series of ex
pensive incidents that kept a big crowd
deeply interested for half , an hour.
Shortly after 2 p. m. a number of
union hackmen. including Peter Burns
and Percy Benson, drove up to the
New Montgomery-street entrance of
the Palace Hotel in a carriage and
proceeded to chide the drivers of the
hacks standing there for opposing the
union in its strike. Finally "Dud"
Kelly, one of the members of an up
town hack firm, became involved In
an altercation with the union men, and
a big crowd gathered in anticipation of j
a fight. Just as trouble seemed Imml
nent, however. Patrolman D. J. Dris- j
coll appeared on the scene - and pro- I
ceeded to quell the disturbance. !
While this work was going on, how
ever, the water rushing down Second
street had thoroughly flooded that
thoroughfare and finally found its way
into the basements of several business
houses on the west side of the street,
where it did about $1000 worth of dam
age. By the time the gusher had been
checked Police Officer Driscoll had
gathered in Hackmen Burns and Ben
son, who were conveyed in a blue
wagon to the southern station and
booked on charges of disturbing the
peace.
from the broken hydrant was shower
ing down upon the sidewalk and rap
idly converting Market street . into a
lake and Second street into a surging
riven Thousands of people had as
sembled to watch the interesting spec
tacle, which was allowed to continue
for half an hour before a detachment
of firemen arrived on the scene. Boldly
submerging themselves in the deluge,
they finally managed to reach a stop
cock in the street and stop the waste
of water. The broken hydrant was
tdien replaced by anew one.
WATER SPURTING SKYWARD FROM A BROKEN' HTDRAN'T ON M4RKET
STREET YESTERDAY AFTERNOON. A TEAM OF RUNAWAY HORSES AT
TACHED TO A HACK HAVING CAUSED THE SPECTACUI^AR ERUPTION
The legislative delegates Indorsed
are: William J. Harrington, Walter
Larsen, Edward W. Haughey, Law
rence Conlon. Peter J. Kelly, George
Rae, Edward Drew, Frank Kelly, M.
M. Miller and P. J. Sheehy.
The Roosevelt Republican Club of the
Twenty-eighth Assernbly District has
elected the following officers: Peter
J. Kelly, president; John A. Barr. sec
retary; Walter Larsen, treasurer;
George Cooney, sergeant at arms.
The following have been indorsd for
delegates to the State Convention, to
meet at Santa Cruz: Nelson H. Burn
ham, Luke Battles, Fred O. Peterson,
George Cooney- and Fred Hawes.'
Neither of the Gallaghers mentioned
above is the veritable "Good Galla
gher." but both are good men and true
Democrats. O'Brien "points with
pride" to Delmas, Creswell and Mc-
Enerney and challenges McNab to
name their equals for integrity and
fidelity to the principles of Jefferaonian
Democracy. It is admitted that Mc-
Nab can name James D. Phelan and
Franklin K. Lane, but the question is
asked, "Can he 'name E. B. Pond?"
One of the eminent Democrats men
tioned In the league's list was at
O'Brien's headquarters at the Grand
Hotel last night, and the same was
John J. Barrett.
THE REPUBLICAN'S.
floor of the Grand Hotel, and is sur
rounded by a large staff of workers
and advisers. At O'Brien's headquar
ters the declaration is made that many
well-known men of high standing are
lending their support to the Democratic
League. It is said that the banner of
the leasue is borne by Livingston
Jenks, Garret W. McEnerney, W. H.
Alford, John J. Barrett, John Galla
gher, George Gallagher. William F.
Humphrey, Ed Scully, Charles J. Heg
gerty, John Gleason, John S. Drum,
Stephen Costello, Joseph E. O'Donnell,
William A. Breslin, Dr. John King
well, John F. Mullln, Dan O'Callaghan,
Frank Kaufman, William T. Kearney,
Charles (yByrne. James Cronin, John
W. McDonald, Harrv Creswell and D.
M. Delmas.
As supplementing the foregoing outlined pol
icy, the Government of the United States
should address itself to the question of recip
rocal relation with the Orient, analogous to
that recently established with Cuba. It is the
consensus of opinion among far-seeing states
men that the Oriental countries are to have an
awakeninc. We have strenuously demanded
an own door - policy with reference to China.
The best way to secure and maintain an open
door policy with that vast reservoir of human
life, ultimately, to become. an object of most
profitable commercial relation, will b* to en
courage a trade relation by reciprocal duties.
Reciprocity between China. Japan and America
would be the beginning of a commercial rela
tion which would inevitably expand, i
In this view we have two perfectly tenable
propositions; first.* the encouragement of in-
We have in the Pacific Ocean many group*
of Islands; the principal of these are the
Philippines, with a population of 8.000,000
subjects of the United States; second, in mag
nitude are the Hawaiian Islands; but there are
other groups, euch as the Caroline Islands,
Ladrone Islands, etc., also the Territory of
Alaska. Commerce demands and deserves- the
fosterinc care of the nation. A bill to-subsi
dize steamship lines -under the American flair
plying between American- ports should be .pop
ular because- It will cheapen ocean transporta
tion and promote the export of American
products to American territory. This would
Cive to the people of America a measurable
monopoly of the. trade with the colonial de
pendents of this country, and in this way ail
portions of the country ¦ would share equally
lu the benefit of Government munificence.
Though a general subsidy is not or may not
be possible, a restricted subsidy is not amen
able to the charge of Impracticability. It is
competent for the Government to subsidize in
terterrltorial communication under the pro
vision of the constitution which gives Con
gress control of interstate commerce. A sub
sidy to steamships carrying on Interstate
commerce between Interterritorial ports would
be - in line with the policy of internal im
provements. Railroads have been subsidized
to promote interstate commerce; likewise
steamships may be subsidized to promote in
territorial commerce. ... . '.
The commission appointed by the
• Congress of the United States to In
quire into conditions of the merchant
marine service ' and ascertain what
measures are necessary for its expan
sion will arrive in Sain Francisco .to
day. Senator Galllnger of New Hamp
shire is at its head and several prom
inent national legislators are amonjc
the party. The aim of the commission
is to ascertain the needs and demands
of ocean shippers on the Pacific Coast
to the end that proper legislation may
be passed by Congress for the upbuild
ing of sea-faring commerce under the
flag of the United States. *
During, the . last and present week
conferences have been in progress be
tween the business. men of this city and
the traffic managers of the transconti
nental railway lines and the Pacific
Ada.il Steamship Company. These meet
ings were held for the purpose of ad
justing freight rates tor shippers. The
governmental control ; of the Panama
.Railroad has given the shippers of the
State an opportunity to unshackle the
bonds which have made them slaves
to the transcontinental railroads in the
matter of exporting their produce.
Fortuitously the visit of the Con
gressional Commission on Merchant
Marine is contemporary with the an
nouncement of the opening of the Pan- i
ama Railroad to all shippers. Its-mem- j
bers will spend two days in this city,
gathering information that will tend
to frame national laws for the benefit
of marine commerce. The commission
has announced that it wants fact, not
history. To that. end it has asked that
not only steamship men and traffic
managers generally be invited to talk,
but that men representative of those i
who stand before the mast and tell
their troubles in the forecastle be in
vited to the meeting. Among these will
be Andrew Furuseth, the eloquent sec
retary of the Coast Seamen's Union.
William H. Mills gave out a state
ment last night emphasizing the im
portance of the independent marine
service on this coast. His statement
follows: ._..: .r
A general subsidy measure to i all ocean
transportation is unpopular. No law can be
enacted that would meet the views of the en
tire nation. The Interior of a country does
not believe sufficiently in the direct benefit of
such a measure to favor- it. The question
which Is being considered by the Congressional
committee and on which a report is to .be
rnado on the first day of the coming session
of Congress is, how can the Government pro
mote the growth of shipping under the Amer
ican flax?
WISHES TO HEAR ALL
W. H. Mills, an Authority
on Traffic Matters, Issues
an Interesting Statement
In the Democratic political field the
rival chieftain?, Gavin McNab and
James H. O'Brien, are lining up their
respective forces for the general en
gagement at the primaries next Tues
day. In every Assembly district of San
Francisco each leader has filed a ticket,
but the assertion is made in both
camps that the tickets- were prepared
by the party leaders in the several dis
tricts without any pressure from head
qyarters. \
Gavin . McXab is apparently serene
and tranquil, being confident that the
forces of the regular organization will
win a complete victory. His scouts
have not discovered the presence of
formidable opposition in any district of
the town. The chief is in close touch
with the district leaders.
James H. O'Brien has established
campaign headquarters on the parlor
Tilt DEMOCRATS.
Governor Pardee xvill be home in a
day or two, end one of the first sub
jects to engage his attention will be the
appointment of a Prison Director, to
succeed R. M. Fitzgerald. He will also
be called upon to appoint two members
of the State Board or Library Trustees,
one to succeed Or. Thomas Flint, de
ceased, the other to succeed W. C Van
Fleet, whfcse term of four years expired
February 2S, ]?04.
It is expected that the Governor will
also appoint a major general of the
National Guard of California. It is said
that Brigadier General Muller will be
promoted and then be retired at once
with the rank of major general. The
tame honor will be accorded to Briga
dier Central W&rlield. who will go to
the retired iifct wfth the rank of major
general, 'lhei waiter the real appoint
ment to succeed Gtneral Dickinson as
division commander will be announced.
Thtre is gossip in official circles of the
guard to the effect that the Governor
entertains a high opinion of the mili
tary merits of General George Stone.
All the Signs Point to a
Lively. Combat at the
Polls on Next Tuesday
DE3I0CIUT1C FIGHTEBS
Congressional Committee on
Merchant Marine to Ar
rive in This City., To-Day
Crowds on Market Street Walch for Half an Hotir
an Interesting Spectacle Created by the Aerial
Flight of Water from Mouth of a Broken Pipe
Governor iPardce. Is Coming
Home to Shake Down
Fruit for the Expectant
JUICY PLUMS
ON THE TREE
DELUGE FOLLOWS A COLLISION
BETWEEN HACK AND HYDRANT
NATIONAL BODY
WILL INQUIRE
THE SAT\ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; AUGUST - 3. 1904.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ye Olde English Inn.
144 Mason at. Music by the great Pan-
American Quartet.* *
. advertisements!
If you -»*nt *o rent or buy a piano later.
why-nt.* tet it now? - -
AH This Month It Will Cost
• . You iMottiing.^
After that you can pay rent, installmer.t or
cash, or gtt. it on our new rent purchase
eveteci.
On Clffereat ir.ekes to select from
u inciting the Matchless UC|MC
, ¦ cf which rfcere arc more In flCIitL
use tfcan any 2 other makes.
_ -— — , u- .,.. i
HEINE PIANO COMPAHY,
. 235-237 QEAR7 ST2XET. S. F.
C.akland — 1252 Bread way.
•" 'LEADING BCSIVEFJI CCL^KGE OF THE '
WEST. I
Ov»r ?4 Post f -... Sir rranrisru Ca!. >
Ff^nb- 4(t v««ar«. 'T*n T*tn F*ar.day & n'rht. '
Writ* l"«r efrcnlara <rr*#>.
i VftV MFYFB'Vrt scHodi. of mvsk..
**AN FBAXCISCO. Embiishtd I««V
Plf.-«flJnent!f tbt iRrg^t and !¦««:
•^Ti'pr*^ fdiic! "n -.h~ ParlSl <~o»st— ofTrr-
¦nc ell' tfc» advantages <if Ks't'rn «rv!
Kurrj-.»«n cca**rratori*a (or a thorough
rrT.r'.i~*i (tfaratfofi. r»rost>e<?:'i(t upon :ip-
rV<-e<!cn. Visitors to the Worl<T« Fa.'r. Ft
I.'u!*. «r» irv::«"l it »x-rr.inf th» *xhib't
<' th* ttSwrl. B;il!dine Call*
FnnHa p-«i"~t ¦=>':ihit.
-• — i
: Polytechnic Ensi- i
' is^SS^^^i Scbco1 of "wrt-1
• Cal^Largest and
\Zn-.~i~£%k. •-«I^i < lS L 6nd *n*ineerlag west (
. ¦ c!!matf. Expen.e. j
:-" -f. lew. Write for fr*e !
.00-pagg catalcgue.
Mills College and Seminary !
CONFEUS DEGREES AXD GHANTS DIPLO-
MAS.
Efra'.nary course accredited to th« unlversl- '
t'.t* «r.4.1e«iJinir Eastern colleges: rare opportu- :
( Xitiet offered In music, art and elocution. Thir- ;
¦«y-r.inth year. FaJl term opens August 10l
. I9Ch; write for cm taloin* to •
MRS C. T. MILLS. PRESIDENT
.• MILLS COLLEGE P. O.. CAU *
An. ace: edited preparatory school for the uni-
versity. !aw and medical colleges, is well
• known for its careful and thorough work. Come '
•end be with ire: r.e prepare you well; rerer- I
222 fi?ffigS&« w ' Stwl£ora >">¦ \
¦ ; • ' L H. GRAU. Ph. P.. Principal
i VV/S 1 J 3fe3 BUSINE SS COLLEGE
• Ifi-fl . <J FSv\ Miorthand, ivr.rr:an.«hir.
*¦ •II \y& TA' A Individual instrnc-tion, !
. fg I tJ U^ Combined Course. fS a j
• month: day and eve.
Bancroft Bldg.. 723 Market St.
HAIAILSIV SCHOOL
AHD VAST ITESS SEKU.A3T,
. 1M3. • Jackson ft.. S. F. Boarding and day
•chvi tor rirU. Accredited by the leadlnc
colleges and universities. Special attention
given to music Reopens TCESDAT. August
t. Il>04. 6ARAH P. HAML1.V, Principal.
fiELMONT SCHOOL
FOB BOVfi. BELMOXT. CAL.— Opens for new
MPQa Aug. 15. For former pupils Acg. I"
T-". T. HEID. A. M.. Harvard. Head Master.
St. Mary's College,
• OAKL AITD. CAt.
f^' C8 w111 fce Te * u ™<* MOXDAY. Augun I
100<. BRO. ZEXOXIAX. President.
WESTERN 7 l b Z TO Z£L, basint!S * course. Eng-
ili.tfii.iin i Ua< bookkeeping shorthand, ar-
• P II\!ilT^C 'l, CBl «^c. <>tc. f Civil Ser-
LUclRCdd tfre- Individual instruction Po-
• #>«*• ¦ rnr- titlcaK t0T graduate*. 6 mo. fday)
-CO LIEGE ?f- 5*5 Scho ° 1 - 6 «ao.. ?24
no< Market tt cor^ seventh.
, /TTV1 : rv ; An enrollment ot
S^-»Ii O ri\l Ov <50 etudents tell«
' *../-:.». i»— the **ory of our
AAAlvI t\,Cv^» fwcces*;new bulld-
V "JJrL^r I „ ;ek ' new idea*.
lOIIC CV CJ «-holeaoni» col leg*
Km ,-. V-^ — * life; Catalojue.
.•ZS Co! den Gate tve.. S. T.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
-IRVIXGTOX. California
•. .first term of 190.V04 beglnn on August 10
WILLIAM WALKER AXDERSOX. Principal!
«USS WEST'S SCHOOL FOB GISI.S
M14 VAX XESS AYE.. C pen« Aog 'tf I
Hctce acd Day School. Accredited by lading
W^££3£f*£S«? •"«" MARY B S !
•BOONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, j
BZBXBXJBT. I
ISS0PSKS MOWDAY, AUO. 8. \
p. a. Booarn. ' ;
Oitchcock Military Academy !
8AX RATAEU CAXw 1
WILL BEOPES oa Au WIt n j
• A PP'y to tat Principal i
IRVINQ INSTITUTE.
Boardlcg and day school for younr ladiea .*«
«tUe gtrl^ 21T8 California rtmtwm %££ •
•Mount Tamalpais Military Academy ;
CAN PwATAEL, CAL. \
Juclcr acheol separate. Fall terra begins Anr
!l._fg«ro CRO8BT. P.P.. H«rtMw»:
h$S&i&$E&ttZ7%N * 8 t * 1 * most practl-
I'S^'f \JWi ' "^ v I; recommended
Pp-Jflf^MKaiiHO °y expert court re-
tftMtfZKRsnih&L ? or l er »- Send ior
Ii U I I 1 tJ * Uo * e * r 'acuity thJi erer;
1 1 W I I I V perfect Mtcltatlon: ; uIum-
trated catalogue. ¦ • W - J '
MCRED1TO. Viet PrladoaJ. Meclo Par*.' Cat*
• COLLEGE O7 X7OTBS SAStX.
6AN Jvtt CAL. Exclusively for boarding
•-tudenta. Kutv-tliird >isr. Coursea: Clasjicai
Literary. bcit-r.tiiic. Conaervatory. Cuileg* 1
rreparntory accredited. Intermediate and Hrt- i ¦
faary Clat»ec Stodie* resumed Tuewl^y Aug- I*
u»t 2. ISfti. ' I ,
—. , __>j;
DALO ALTO ACADEMY, one mile from i <
¦ fctanrcTd Cnlveraity — Boya and young meg I ,
prrpured ior Stuntord. Berkeley tr Ka«iern ' J
colleger. Excep:u>oal Advaatagea In Modern ! ¦
Languages and H<rber Matbeznatlo. Fall term I '.
bcgibr Aufuit 92. For catalogue addiea* -
V.'TVtPP gHTP'XT. Palo Alto. Jal. ,
Weekly Call, $1 per Year!;
;•••;; ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
NEW COLORED AND BLACK
— FOR FALL WEAR-—
We have fust opened a large shipment of NEW DRESS
MATERIALS in colors and black, solid, colors, mixed effects;
Tailor Suitings in checks and stripes and Silk and Wool
Fabrics. All the latest styles and newest colorings.
54 inches wide, all wool fH«t #%«
NOVELTY TAILOR TWEEDS Xl # 25
Neat, mixed effects, stylish colorings. Hr Yd
50 inches wide, all wool -
REDFERN TAILOR SUITINGS dj-j pa
Small checks and stripe patterns, hard finish, jftjr*^
rich dark colors, mannish style. . . . T^ Yd
36 inches wide, all wool
NOVELTY STRIPE ALBATROSS CfiC
Fancy colors, including cream, suitable for !5lJ
house wear. "^ Yd
38 inches wide ¦ . « 0\f+
FANCY TAILOR SUITINGS §0^
New color combinations in small check design. .
«
— — SPEClAi>=^^
43 inches wide, imported-
FDENCH SILK and WOOL FIGUBED EOLIENNE d**j OC
In all the new Fall shades, solid colors, small I 9^^
design self color. Extra value T^ Yd
IN OUD BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENT
We are now prepared to show new qualities in the following
stylish weaves:
CHIFFON VOILE CREPE DE PARIS
SILK and WOOL SAMITE CREPE IMPERIAL
CHIFF.ON CREPE VEILING CREPE EOLIENNE
ALL AT POPULAR PRICES.
/111 to 121 POST STREET.
I LIBER At CREDIT
fc|j ; Wi are adding* 24,000 «quara feet— two more storie«— on to the top of what li already the biggest furnl- 9
Kj tnre honse on the Pocifio Coast. Our increased trade demanded more room— expansion. Now our expansion »
Kg demands more trade, and we are making big offer, to get it. We have begun by cutting every metal bed H
B| xrom one-third to one-haU thig week; and by offering the ca»le«t of terma in bnying them. ; ¦
SI iijSE-jc 1 • • $3.25 ENAMEL BED— Any sire; standard make . . $1.83 fl
EBr *15.00 BUTTEETLT BED-A beautiful design I "^iBSlMM Mlli^^l I ¦ \J^f^^\vWWll\
j^Si j^white enamel; a brass spindle holdlnl the I I lV^tfvLl\ iwH r*/ V\k U fl# r IXiiyll/
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rich Furs
You really cannot* afford to bay
anything in furs— a jacket.— « cape—
a stole— a collar— or a muff— until
you visit* our store.^
It* b not* selfishness that* makes us
say this. It is enlightened sslf -inter-
est*. We know that* no better —
handsomer- or more elegant, furs
than ours can be made. And we
also know that* we give better val-
ues than any other fur bouse on this
DON'T FORGET OUR. NUMBER
GRAND OPENING
tNew Fall ISd Winter
Woolens
ALL WOOL. SUIT-
INGS in ail shades to
order for *15 end *2»
and o f25. fSTJJO ami
Fine* Imported English
novettie«\ to order for
trousers $5 to * I »
Overcoats from *
915 to *4o
Full dres» satts from..
«3O to if r.o
You- will sav« 25 to 40
per cent by calling on
JOE POHEIM
The Tailor
Perfect flt ana' test i>r
wotkmanship guaranteed
• >r Ut> salt.-. • , '
301 Montgomery Strttt, Corner B-isi
1110 aad, 1112 Mariot Street.
SAW 7BASCX3CO.
, IIS S. Sprtnz Street. Loa Angel: ».
' lASTHMANOLAl
Ii tb« only enra for Hervcms and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Dru»«i«t or at S3S HAKJHT *T_
8an Fraaciico. C*L j