SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1904.
Continued on Page Three.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
NEWPORT. R. I., Aug. 10.— The
United States gunboat Hist was beaten
this afternoon by the submarine boat
Shark in a sham attack off Brentoris
Reef lightship, under conditions that
favored the gunboat.
The Shark, upon which a new peri
scope was being tried, dived near the
torpedo station, and, after running two
miles submerged, came to the surface
within ninety yards of her target,
which, it is considered, could have
been sunk without those on board ever
knowing what struck them.
Lieutenant England and his crew
were observing on the Hist, but they
failed to locate the enemy until she
came up well within striking distance.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
elected aroused instant interest, which
increased to marked enthusiasm when
the speaker went on to explain his posi
tion. Then the crowd seemed to yield
to the force of his reasoning, and at the
end of a particularly telling period to
ward the close of the speech it gave the
candidate the greatest demonstration of
the afternoon. It looked as though
every man, woman and child in the
throng surrounding' the platform had a
small American flag, and as they
cheered the waving flags almost con
cealed the occupants of the stand.
As Judge Parker spoke his closing
words the band struck up "The S tar-
Spangled. Banner," and- from the deck
of the yacht Sapphire a number of
rockets were . fired. . These, bursting in
the air, released . parachutes. Later
there , were salutes from the Sagamore
and August Belmont's yacht.
After the ceremony all crowded up
eagerly to shake the candidate's hand
and, to . congratulate . him upon his
speech. . ' :T. •.¦
Remarkable Test of
War Craft Off
Newport.
As I have endeavored to convey tc
readers in my dispatches the last fe-.u
days, it is fully realized here that thers
is grave danger of General Kuropat
kin's retreat being rut off owing to th«
extraordinary mobility of the Japanese
Telegrams arriving early In the da>
told of repeated and increasing attacks
by the- Japanese on the Russian ad
vance post?, evidently made as a mask
for concentration elsewhere, the evident
Special Cabl- to The Call and JTew Tort
Herald. Copyright 19^4, by tha New Tork
Herald Publishing company.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 10.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin's forces have suffered
serious reverses. Such Is the news that
has come to my knowledge from an ex
cellent source, but which is as yet with
held from the public. I am therefore
unable to give details further than tc
say that matters look very black for
the commander in chief, although I am
assured that he has neither been cap
tured nor wounded.
Report of Knropatkin's Escape.
Call's Correspondent Contradicts the
SATS RETREAT IS CUT OFF.
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE FOR THB
, PRESIDENCY OP THE UNITED
STATES.
When he enunciated this principle
there came a burst of cheers that
caused the speaker to wait a few;min
utes before -he continued. His' pledge
not to accept ' a second term if h« wan
for none," said Clark, and the specta
tors showed their appreciation of, the
sally by a shout of laughter.
While Judge Parker was speaking
there was no need of shelter. The
rain stopped and not a breath of air
stirred. In the stillness every word
could be heard distinctly to the farth
est borders of the crowd.
It is long years since Judge Parker
had been heard in a political speech
and to most of his hearers he was ab
solutely new in this capacity. They
heard him with a keen interest, not
unmixed with curiosity. The address
was delivered .in the clearest tones, in
a voice which was hardly raised above
a conversational pitch, but fairly audi
ble nevertheless. His delivery was ex
ceedingly deliberate. He used few ges
tures, making his emphasis almost en
tirely with his voice. He adhered to
the text of his written address, with
the wording ' of which he appeared
perfectly familiar, though he had a
copy in his hand and followed It
somewhat closely with his eye while
speaking:
The speech was heard with closest
attention and applause frequently
punctuated it. The candidate's audi
ence awoke to a high pitch of enthusi
asm when he spoke of imperialism
and militarism.
"Our world power," said he, "as
such must be maintained, but I deny
that it is at all recently that the Unit
ed States has attained that eminence."
SUBMARINE
BOAT MAKES
LONG DIVE
Standing bareheaded during a brief
loll In the rainstorm, which had lasted
since soon after daylight. Judge Parker
accepted the nomination and set forth
his views in a speech that evoked fre
quent and hearty applause. He spoke
for a little more than a half -hour.
The ceremony was held on the lawn
at Rosemount, under the trees at the
north of the house, and was attended
by upward of 600 'persons, the larger
number of whom came from New York
with the committee on the steamship
Sagamore. The company included many
Democrats of national promlnenece, as
well as a large and representative num
ber from Tammany Hall. There would
have been a gala-day gathering from
Kingston and vicinity, where perhaps
the Judge is best known, but the rain
had been so heavy and continuous that
few local residents ventured forth.
It was at first decided to hold the
ceremonies on the Sagamore, owing to
the storm, but the protest of those who
wanted , Judge Parker notified at his
own house was so vigorous that at the
last moment the little platform erected
on the Parker lawn was hastily deco
rated , with flags and the ceremonies
were held there, according to the orig
inal plan.
During most of the time occupied
by Champ Clark's speech the rain was
falling in a steady: drizzle, but it
stopped entirely just as Judge Parker
began his address and held oft until
he finished, v.
, Clark was speaking and Parker was
standing without shelter when a man
in the crowd called out: . ,
- "Somebody hold an umbrella over
Judge Parker."
A number were immediately offered,
but the • Judge refused.
"Justice for all, special privileges
candidate of his nomination and pre
sented to him a formal communication
signed by the committee.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 10.— Again
the chance of a decisive battle between
General Kuropatkin and the command
er of the Japanese army seems to be
disappearing. According to a statement
issued by 'the general staff to-night
rains are again falling throughout a
wide area of Manchuria, with the pros
pect of impeding operations, but even
more Important is the information re
ceived to-night from an exceptional
source that the Japanese have once
more delayed too long.
General Kuropatkin has now with
drawn the bulk of h!s army safely
north of Liaoyang. leaving only a
strong rear line to contest the advance
when it comes.
According to this information the
Japanese have about 300,000 men in the
armies operating against Kuropatkin.
rendering It too hazardous for him to
risk a general engagement.
The general staff has no information
bearing on the reported presence of a
large force of Japanese at Paithuhi. a
place that cannot be located on avail
able maps. The report agYees, however,
with the general tenor of the Informa
tion received by the press— that Gen
eral Kuro'catkin is already retreating
north of Liaoyang.
ST. PETERSBURG. An?. 11. — A
dispatch from Liaoyanjr. dated August
7 reports that there was continued
fighting August 6 and 7 at Hontsi
atze, but {rives no details. The dis
patch adds that a battle was expected
at Aisysdzken.
CHEFTT, Anj*. II. — Refnxcees from
Port Arthur state that during the last
five days Japanese shells from Wolf
Hills fcr.ve been dropping Into the
to\vn. causing much damage. Several
civilians have been killed.
SINT^IIXTTX, Ans. 10. — There Is an
enormous garrison at Mukdet. rein
forcements havins: arrived very rapid
ly. There are no Japanese north of
ihe city. A force of some strength
lies twenty-five miles to the sonth ant!
there is another Japanese army five
miles east of Uaoyans. The main
Russian army has fallen back on
Chiubnky.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 10.— Harry Jones, a
checkman' in the office of the St. Louis
Transfer Company, was arrested to
day for grand larceny oh complaint of
August Kleinert, a "World's Fair visit
or from California.
Kleinert, his wife and daughter, ar
rived here July 30. At the Union Sta
tion he was surrounded by hotel run
ners, cab drivers and baggage men.
After escaping from the crowd he
missed his three return tickets to San
Francisco.
Kleinert not only reported his loss
to the police, but cleverly played de
tective for himself, daily visiting the
ticket brokers' offices and inquiring for
tickets to San Francisco by the route
designated in the transportation he had
lest.
A ticket broker named Marmaduke
yesterday offered to sell Kleinert three
tickets bearing the names of himself,
wife and- daughter. Kleinert reported
the fact to the police, who seized the
tickets, which they learned had been
sold to the broker by Jones.
Special Dispatch to The GaU.
LASSA, Tibet, Aug. 5.— Yesterday, tor
the first time in history. British troops
marched through the streets of T^a .¦*«;-•*_
the occasion being a ceremonial visit
by Colonel Younghusband, the civil
commissioner accompanying the British
expedition to the Chinese Amban.
The troops, while en route to the
city, passed at the foot of the Dalai
Larria's great palace on Mount Potala,
about three miles ¦west of Lass a, and
through the fields to the outskirts of
the city. Then they passed through the
Chinese quarter, which was swarming
with pigs, and entered the city proper.
The Amban's smart guard of honor
received Colonel Younghusband, who
had an hour's interview with the Chi
nese representative. The Amban la
n-ented the clannish ignorance and low
cunning displayed by the Tibetans in
their foreign dealings.
On its leturn to the camp the mission
passed the Great Cathedral, or "The
Palace of the Gods." The streets were
filthy.
Reports still vary as to the where
abouts of the Dalai Lama and M. Dor
jeieff, his Russian adviser. The peopie
displayed the greatest curiosity to see
the British, swarming in the side
Ftreets and climbing on roofs to get a
better view. To-day there were 400
Lassans outside the camp, and they
did an enormous trade, selling veget
ables, sweets and sugar.
The chiefs to-day objected to a pro
posal that the British occupy the sum
mer palace, alleging that it is the same
as a temple. The chiefs promise that
the national assembly will appoint del
egates to negotiate with the British,
and that their arts will be fully binding
upon the Dalai Lama and the people.
WILL SEEK
THE CAUSE
OF DEATH
Dolbeer Tragedy to
Be Probed by \
Coroner.
LOS ANGELES MAX COMMITS
SUICIDE OX SHIPBOARD
H. S. Dndlejr Hangs Himself While at
Sea on the Steamship
Leelanaw
H. S. Dudley, a business man of Los
Angeles, hanged himself at sea aboard
the steamer Leelanaw, bound from San
Pedro to this port Dudley was com
ing from Los Angeles. Night Watch
man James Vicar made the grewsome
discovery early yesterday morning
¦when the vessel was off Monterey. He
•was making the rounds and was
startled to find the suicide hanging
from the life raft near the after-house
and swinging with the roll of the ship.
The body was at once cut down, but
life was found to have been extinct
for some time. No note was found on
th« deceased and no cause can be
given for the 6uicide.
The Morgue was notified and the
body removed from the ship.
The dead man was. apparently about
23 years of age and well dressed. From
papers on his person it was learned
that he was a member of the Odd Fel
lows. Five dollars in coin was found
in his pockets.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 10.— H. S. Dud
ley, who hanged himself upon the
Fteamer Leelanaw, was a real estate
dealer, a member of the firm of Keop
p]e & Dudley of 1908 South Main street.
His family reside at 141 West Twenty
*eeond street and consists of a wife
and tuo children. They have not been
notified of the manner of his death
ar.d have been told he was killed by
accident. The motive which prompt
ed the suicide is not known to his part
ner, who suggested that it may have
b»-en despondency due to financial
tioubles.
Driven to Death by Cold Greeting.
SEATTLE. Wash., Aug. 10. — Pas-
Bonders on the steamer Santa Ana
bring news of the suicide at Valdes of
Mrs. Mabel Thomas, a Californian.
She went to Valdes, according to the
.story, to meet a man named Wheeler.
In his room she received the Informa
tion that she was not welcome. Grab
bing: a bottle of carbolic acid, she
drank It and died In agony.
Spcdal Dispatch to Trin Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10. — It has been
decided by Coroner Scholer to hold an
inquest on" Friday afternoon into the
cause of the death of Miss Bertha
Marion Dolbeer, the wealthy and
eccentric California woman, who was
killed on July 9 by falling from the
ninth floor of the Waldorf-Astoria
Hotel, and whose will gave her entire
estate, valued at about $1, 000,000, to
Miss E. Marion Warren. A dozen per
sons have tried to contest the will. Dr.
O. O. Schultz, the Coroner's physi
cian, who performed an autopsy on
the body, reported the case one of sui
cide.
Miss E. Marion Warren, the sole
witness of the tragedy and the life
long friend and constant companion
of Miss Dolbeer, is in California and
her testimony, in the form of an af
fidavit, will be ready to be shown to
the jury. The affidavit is in part as
follows:
"On the afternoon of July 9, be
tween 4 and 5 o'clock. Miss Dolbeer
sat on the sill of a hall window of the
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel on the ninth
floor, awaiting the arrival of her
physician. Later we wfent to our
rooms and had some conversation
about our plans for the following day
Miss Dolbeer then left the room and
went out into the hall, saying she
wanted to open the window to get
M«ne fresh air. I followed her and
just saw her body fail out of the win
dew. I do not know whether her fall
was accidental or suicidal." .
Dalai Lama and His Russian AdYiser
Arc Still Keeping in
Seclusion,
VICTOR, Colo., Aug. 10.— Rev. T. S.
Leland, pastor of the Methodist Epis
copal church of this city and known as
the "cowboy preacher," was this morn
ing waited, upon by a committee of
three and ordered to leave town on or
before 8:30 o'clock. The preacher is
still here.
Non-union men object to the parson
for the reason that he has repeatedly
expressed himself as being on their
side, provided always that they keep
within the law. But the present ques
tion, the pastor says, hinges upon a
man's right to hold an opinion.
Mr. Leland is a dead shot. He nays
his wife is a better one. Both are
armed with rifles and revolvers in their
own home, waiting for intruders. In
the meantime the city officials have
posted a score of guards to protect the
clergyman.
The committee that waited upon Mr.
Leland told him that, provided he did
not leave quickly, he would surely re
ceive the same treatment as that ad
ministered to his friend and neighbor,
John Harper. The latter, a former
president of the Victor Miners' Union
and late manager of the Miners' Union
store in this city, was one of the de
ported unionists. He returned to the
camp yesterday. Last night he was
seized at his home by a party of masked
men and driven out of the district.
Harper's son Archie,- about 21 years of
age, was compelled to accompany him.
Young Harper, however, was brought
back an hour later.
Harper telephoned to his family to
day that he was at Canon .City, to
which place he had been compelled to
walk after being beaten and robbed of
$10.
It Is charged that one of the men
who took Harper from his home last
night struck Mrs. Harper as she at
tempted to kiss her husband.
Special Dispatch to The Calt-
LONDON. Auk. It* — The Tientsin
correspondent of the Standard says
that 3000 Chinese bandits attacked the
Russian camp in the Tleh Pass on
August 2. The Russians were taken
unawares and many were killed. Thev
also lost a quantity of ammunition and
supplies.
World's Fair Visitor From San Fran
cisco Males Successful Search for
Man Who Robbed Him.
He and His Wife, Armed With Rifles,
Await Gall of Deportation
¦ Committpfl
ESOPUS, N. T., Aug. 10.— Judge Al
ton B. Parker to-day received formal
notification of his nomination for the
Presidency as the candidate of the
Democratic party, and In accepting,
gave public expression for the first time'
of his views on tha Issues of the cam
paign.
The notification was brought._to,him *
by Representative Champ Clark of
Missouri as chairman of the committee
representing every State and Territory.
Clark In a brief speech Informed the
Only a Strong Rear Guard Left to
Contest the Approach of
the Japanese.
Chiefs Cease Resistance and
Will Treat With
Yonnghusband.
Extricates His Army While
Kuroki Is Preparing
to Attack.
Recoiers His Property and
Secures Arrest ol tie
Larcenist
Rev. Mr. Leland Ignores the
Threat and Will Delenfl
His Home.
Party Leaders
Gather at
Esopus.
British Troops in the
Famed Capital
of Tibet
Victor Mining Men
Warn Him to
Depart.
Calilomian Cleverly
Locates a Thief
in East
Russian Pox Said
to Have Eluded
His Foe.
Formally No
tified of Nom
ination.
KUROPATKIN
RETREATING
NORTHWARD
CLERGYMAN
IS ORDERED
INTO EXILE
KING'S MEN
ENTER CITY
OF LASSA
PLAYS PART
OF AMATEUR
DETECTIVE
PARKER'S VIEWS ON ISSUES
OF THE CAMPAIGN REVEALED
TO A WAITING DEMOCRACY
CHEFU, Aug. 11, 7:30 A. M.— A Russian torpedo-boat destroyer entered Chefu harbor at 5:30 o'clock this morning and reported that six Russian battleships, four
cruisers and half of the torpedo-boats escaped from Port Arthur yesterday morning. The torpedo-boat destroyer left Port Arthur last .night, bringing five passengers, who said
that the Japanese fleet was pursuing the Russians, and that a battle on the open sea was expected.
TOKIO, Aug. ii (na. m.) — Evidently driven to sea by the fire of the Japanese land batteries, the Russian fleet emerged from Port Arthur. yesterday morning. Admiral Togo immediately closed in on it and opened a se
vere engagement, which lasted until nightfall. Afterward the Japanese destroyers and torpedo flotilla delivered a series of attacks. The Japanese fleet withdrew during the night. A guardship stationed off the harbor reported that she say
at dawn to-day the battleships Retvizan and Pobieda steaming toward the harbor of Port Arthur. Admiral Togo has not yet reported the results of yesterday's engagement. It is thought here that the Russians attempted to escape seaward
from a base which is no longer tenable, but they again refused to attempt to force Admiral Togo's lines. Details are hourly expected. • » » ti
RUSSIAN FLEET ATTEMPTS TO ESCAPE FROM THE HARBOR OF PORT ARTHUR
AND IS ENGAGED BY ADMIRAL TOGO'S WARSHIPS IN BATTLE LASTING ALL DAY
Alcazar — "Sheridan." Matinee
To-Day.
California — "A Minionairo
Tramp."
Cectral — "A Bunch of Keys."
Columbia — "Joseph Entangled."
Chutes — Vauicville.
Fischer 7 *— "The Whirl of the
Town."
Grand — "A Parisian Romance."
Orpheuxa — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoli — "The Toreador."
TZZ3 TflilATIBS.
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours ending
midnight, Aujrart 11 :
San Francisco end vicinity —
Pair Thursday; warmer; liffht
southerly winds, changing 1 to
westerly. A. G. McADXE,
Distiict Forecaster.
TEE WEATHEB.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 72.
The San Francisco Call.ATTEMPTS StnCIDE BT GAS.— J. S. B*n
erhoritz. a commercial traveler, who re
cently cama to California from Cincinnati for
his health, attempted to end his life at ths
residence of his brother-in-law. D. Molzberjr.
US Knlton street, yesterday afternoon by in
hallnac gas. The escaping vapor attracted a
member of the family, who had the man re
moved to the Central Emergency Hospital.
He may r*iover.
In the evening a strange woman ap
peared at the Melone lodgings. She had
with her a little boy that bore every re
semblance to Burton Melone. He even
wore the clothing, shoes and hat that
Burton wore during the day. A few
minutes prior to this a strange man
appeared and said he knew where the
boy was and would produce him for a
certain amount of money.
The man and woman both disap
peared, and on returning to their home
Mr. and Mrs. Melone discovered for the
first time that the boy that had been
given them did not bear the physical
defects of their little one, and further
investigation convinced them that they
had been given a strange boy.
The child that had been returned to
them is now a rugged boy, but bad as
sociates and disobedience have caused
his parents and their neighbors great
anxiety and sorrow. He ran away last
February and went to Portland, but
was returned to his home in May. One
day last winter he pointed a gun at
Mrs. Melone and threatened to shoot
her if she did not give him some money.
He said he did it for fun. Where Bur
ton Melone is no one knows.
Mrs. Melone lives at Manton, Just
over the line that divides Tehama and
Shasta counties. In 1891 a son was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Melone at Han
ford. The little fellow suffered from
spinal trouble from his birth and was
frail and weak. In the year 1894, when
the Midwinter Fair was in progress in
San Francisco, Mr. and Mrs. Melone
and the little boy. then 3 years old. vis
ited the exposition.
One morning the parents and the
child were standing in front of a store
near the Chronicle building, each be
lieving the other had their son*by the
hand. Presently they missed the little
fellow. He could not be found, and the
parents notified the police.
REDDING. Aug. 10.— When placed
upon the witness stand in Red Bluff
yesterday to be examined in connection
with her application to have 14-year
old Burton Melone sent to a corrective
institution Mrs. M. B. Melone, who has
always been considered the boy's moth
er, made the startling statement that
she did not think the boy was- her "son.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Witness Tells How Her Boy
Was Stolen and Child Re
sembling Him Substituted
EELATES STRANGE TALE
Woman Makes Statement
That Lad Who Bears Her
Name Is Not Her Own
SAYS HER SON
WAS KIDNAPED
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 1 0.— The
Porte has definitely accepted the as
surances of Russia as to the character
of the volunteer fleet vessels seeking
to traverse the Dardanelles '
May Pass the Dardanelles.
WARDNER, , Idaho, Aug. 10.— -Fire
this afternoon destroyed a block in
the business district of this city, en
tailing a loss of approximately $20,
000, insurance $6000. The blaze orig
inatedin theJSomers Hotel and spread
with great rapidity, consuming the
freight depot of the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation Company, three sa
loons,, two ; barber shops and several
vacant frame buildings. ' '
Blaze Stalls l n Hotel and Before It Is
Subdued Causes Loss of
$20,000. \
FIRE* DESTROYS BUSINESS
: BLOCK IN IDAHO TOWN
SEOUL, Aug. 10. — An outpost en
gagement took place near Gensan yes
terday. Four Russian companies,
with two guns, fired upon the outer
line of Japanese trenches, retiring
after a two hours' combat. Another
attack was expected to-day.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
, Herald Publishing Company.
Fire Upon the Outer Line of Japanese
Trenches.
RUSSIANS ATTACK GENSAN.
DUBLIN, Aug. 10.— It was clearly
demonstrated at- a meeting of the na
tional directory here to-day that all ,the
prophecies of a new split in the Irish
party are quite astray. No influential
body or opinion either inside or out
side the Irish party supports O'Brien.
He enjoys a great deal of affectionate
loyalty among his constituents in Cork
Dnd in the County Mayo, where he re
sides, but the general sense of the
country is behind Redmond, Dillon,
Davitt, Blake, T. P. O'Connor and the
Irish party.
Out of the question of the price to
be paid for Irish land and the best
way to prevent the landlords from ob
taining." extravagant prices by taking
advantage of their tenants' necessities,
the whole dispute arose. Notwith
standing the illiberal ; attiude of the
landlords, O'Brien is still, in favor of
conciliation.^. He believes they ; are
asking too much because they are be
ing offered too. little.
No Irish leader takes this view ex
cept O'Brien. HIa friends have pledged
themselves to abide; by the decision' of
the national directory and to" support
Redmond and his lieutenants in their
policy., 01 strenuous ; opposition to the
landlords and their extravagant de
mands.
Leader O'Brien Is Alone in His Ef
forts to Conciliate the
Landlords.
LITTLE DANGER OP SPLIT .!
IN RANKS OF THE IRISH
TANGIER, Aug. 10. — The authority
of the Sultan of Morocco Is fast ebb
ing, while that of Menehbl, the for
mer leader of the liberal element in
the kingdom, is increasing daily. The
Sultan's appeal to. the tribes for sup
port has not been heeded, the whole
country being opposed to the Sultan's
idea of French occupation for the pro
tection of foreigners. Stirring times
are expected in, the near future.
It is persistently rumored here that
tha. position of British Consul McLean
at - Fez has become . an awkward one
and that he is likely to abandon his
post.
Monarch's , Appeal to the Tribes for
Support Has Not Been
Heeded.
AUTHORITY OF THE SUI/TAX
OF MOROCCO OX THE WANE
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 10.— The
Russian reply to Great Britain's rep
resentations on the subject of the
sinking of the British steamship
Knig*ht Commander by the Vladivos
tok squadron, while couched in the
friendliest terms, does not recede
from the Russian position as set forth
in the prize regulations in regard to
the exercise of the right to destroy
neutral vessels carrying contraband,
in cases of emergency, reserving the
question for discussion after the war.
Great Britain's proposal that the
British steamship Allanton, captured
on June 16 by the Vladivostok squad
ron, be liberated upon the deposit of
security has not been accepted, Rus
sia replying that the documents In this
case were already on their way to St.
Petersburg and would have to be sub
mitted to the Admiralty Court before
further action was taken.
Russia Will Not Recede in the Knight
Commander Controversy.
REJECTS ENGLAND'S DEMANDS.
Prize Conrt Condemns the Thea.
VLADIVOSTOK. Aug. 9.— The
prize court to-day condemned the
German steamship Thea, which was
Bur.k by the Vladivostok squadron.
ATASCADERO, Aug. 10.— The camp
is now in .full swing. Everything is
settled and moving like clockwork and
all in readiness to receive the State mi
litia, which will be coming into camp
during Saturday.
General MacArthur Is loud • in his
praise of the camp and the leading of
ficers think it a fine field for the big
maneuvers. ; ' '. .
The weather is absolutely perfect. .-It
is warm during the day, but cold. at
night. Blankets are in demand.
General MacArthur again made an
other detour of the Henry ranch and
has now been practically over the
whole territory over which the maneu
vers will take place.
About seventy miles" of his trip was
made in th« new automobile of the
Signal Corps Service and the balance
of about twenty miles he made on
horseback." r .
The Signal Corps auto has proved a
big success so far. Captain Carl Hart
mann, in charge of the corps here, says
that the machine will meet every re
quirement. Its demonstration during
the last . two days has proved that It
can go anywhere that any wheel trans
portation can go. To-day it was run
through fields, up steep rocky hills and
successfully across the railroad track
over which no road ran. It practically
can do anything but climb a tree;
The principal arrivals In camp to-day
were the umpires, headend by Major W.
P.. Duval, chief umpire; the others
were Major Samuel E. Allen and Cap
tains Charles H. McKinstry, W. P.
Burnham, H. D. Styer, "W. W. Harts,
O. H. Hunter, D. L. Tate, R. It. Walsh.
A. B. Foster, E. G. Ovenshine, A. M.
Miller, E. R. Chrisman, S. D. Sturgis,
E. T. Wilson, W. L.. Kenley, G. P.
White, B. H. Wells, F. S. Armstrong,
Thomas A. Pearce, W. B. Davis, R. S.
Abernethy, G. W. Helms, c. E. Stod
ter, Andrew Rowan, Manus McCloskey,
H. L. Roberts and S. A. Cloman.
The umpires expressed themselves as
greatly pleased with the camp and the
arrangements made for them by As
sistant Quartermaster W. T. Patten.
Guard mount took place at 4 o'clock
to-day.
Dress parade and a review of the
Fifteenth Infantry and Colonel Pitch
er's provisional regiment took place at
6:30 o'clock. this evening. : -
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 10.— There
is a persistent rumor that the Em
pcror has signed the appointment of
Minister of Justice Muravieff as Min
it-ter of the Interior in succession to
the late Von Plehwe.
Muravieff Succeeds Von Plehwe.
It was witnessed by a big crowd of
officers from the oak-covered hillside in
front of General MacArthur's tent. A
big crowd also came up from Paso
Robles hotels and Templeton in autos
and carriages.
The Fifteenth Infantry band will give
a concert to-night at 8 o'clock in front
of General MacArthur's tent. There
will be a~concert here every night from
now on by either a band of the Thir
teenth, Fifteenth or Twenty-eighth in
fantries. >. : - '
The Fifteenth Infantry went out into
the hills this morning for an exercise
and tramped fifteen miles before their
return at noon. r« *
Mrs. MacArthur, accompanied by
Miss Elizabeth Henry, drove over from
the Henry home and spent the after
noon looking at the camp.
Asuncion, the nearest railroad sta
tion, has suddenly blossomed out into
a tented city.
The Southern Pacific has established
sleeping accommodations, eating-houses
and an auto garage and livery stable
there, so that those wishing to visit
the . camp can . be taken care of in
camping fashion sort-of-way. .
An automobile service will start to
day between this camp and Asuncion.
BY FRED M. GILiMOREJ.
Regulars Are Now Awaiting the Arrival of the Militia and
Regimental Concerts Enliven Atascadero.
SCENE AT THE BIG ENCAMPMENT GROUNDS AT ATASCADERO AND PROMINENT OFFICERS.
Promises Favorable Communication
Regarding the Legation's De
mands in a Few Days.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Tuesday- Aug.
5. — Minister Leishman has received a
ne?sage from the Porte promising a
favorable communication in a day or
.two regarding the American repre
sentation in reference to the school
question and other subjects.
J'ORTE SENDS MESSAGE
TO A31KRICAX MINISTER
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 10.—Dis
counting the fall of Port Arthur and
the disastrous defeat of General Kuro
patkin at the hands of the combined
Japanese armies, some diplomats are
already speculating \ipon the situation
in which the combatants would be left
and the question as to whether
it is possible, that a way would
be opened for peace. The almost unan
imous opinion is that, with her present
record of victories -combined with the
financial difficulties of continuing the
war indefinitely, Japan would welcome
peace, and the almost equal unanimous
verdict is that Russia would 'adopt a
contrary course. Even should every
Russian soldier be driven out of Man
churia the diplomats- believe Russia
could not afford to yield, but would be
compelled to doggedly continue the
war, collect another army In Siberia
and take the offensive next year.
Several keen diplomats, however, are
of the opinion that Japan, by a clever
coup in the event of Kuropatkin being
routed, might perhaps force the powers
to intervene in a way that Russia
could not resist. One diplomat repre
senting a European power at the court
of Emperor Nicholas said:
"Secretary Hay's note opening a way
for the guarantee for the administra
tive entity of China, to which all of the
powers subscribed in principle, may
after all become the means of bringing
about peace. If Japan, pushing the
Russian military forces out of Manchu
ria and obtaining undisputed posses
sion, should then formally relinquish
the province to China, its real owner,
and call upon the powers under their
guarantee to protect the entity of the
Celestial empire, I do not think the
powers could escape responsibility."
Diplomats Anticipate Fall
of Port Arthur and Disas
ter to Kuropatkin's Army
tucre.ss of which was demonstrated this
evening by the bad news announced in
the beginning of this dispatch. It is
further known that another danger is
threatening, as the Japanese, without
losing a moment's time, have dis
patched several detachments up the
Liao River, which must needs seriously
threaten the Russian rear on the west
tide, as General Kuroki has done on the
east as far as Mukden. Simultaneously
cpecial telegrams from Liaoyang have
told of sudden activity on the part of
the Chunchuses and to animosity dis
played by the Chinese population,
"which is apparently now throwing off
the mask.
tV»ntinuctl From Page I, Column 7.
SUPPOSED
MURDERER
INNOCENT
¦ 2^ Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
DES MOINES, lovva, Aug. 10.— After
three weeks of mystery that has agi
tated the entire State it has been estab
lished that Mrs. Aliene Butterfield of
Greene County was not murdered by
her husband, as was supposed. She ran
away from home because she learned
that her husband preferred another
woman, one old enough to be his
mother.
Mrs. Butterfield would never have
bfen located but for the fact that she
read a newspaper account of an at
tempt to lynch her husband as her sup
posed murderer. When he reappeared
at Butterfleld's farm after having de
serted her three months ago and left
his wife to raise 160 acres of corn sin
gle-handed, the indignation of the
neighbors found expression hi the or
ganization of a mob, and the Sheriff
was barely able to avert a tragedy.
Bloody clothes were found In a field
and it was taken as conclusive evidence
that a murder had been committed.
Mrs. Butterfield determined to save
her husband and wrote a letter to the
Sheriff assuring him that she was alive.
The Sheriff came to Des Moines to-day
and after a long search found the
woman. . >
BODIES OP TWO MORE
,-V; WRECK VICTIMS FOUND
Remains Arc Identified as Those of
Mlnneola Davis and Mar
garet Kelly.
PUEBLO. Colo., Aug. 10. — Two
more bodies were recovered to-day by
the searching party which Is at work
seeking the remaining victims of the
wreck at Eden station last Sunday
night. The bodies have been Identi
fied as those of Miss Mlnneola Davis,
a 19-year-old girl, and Miss Margaret
Kelly of this city.
This brings the total - number of
identified dead to seventy-seven; un
identified, one; known missing, twen
ty; reported missing, twelve.
HAY'S NOTE MAY
END 0RIENT WAR
KUflGPATKIH'S BETREAT.
The naval officer intimates that the
warships expect to join the Vladivo
stok squadron, which, he said, had
been recruited by the purchase of ships
fro-Jn the Argentine Republic.
Captain Kostchavoski said further
that the Russian torpedo boats, gun
boats and small craft generally re
mained at Port Arthur. Some came
out to perform their usual duties In
ihe vicinity, but they did not follow
the* bis ships.
Captain Rostchavoski said that the
recent firing heard at Chefu evidently
*came from Port Arthur, where the
Japanese' continued to attack daily
\vi;h scarcely less energy than they
manifested during the severe three
days' lighting: the latter part of July.
The Japanese line, he said, now ex
tended from the north shore of Louise
Bay to a point immediately east of
Tache Bay, about seven miles east of
3'ort Arthur.
. The Japanese, he alleged, were wast
ing lives with reckless courage. Their
positions were frequently lost, retaken,
then lost and retaken again.
•-: *
CHEFU. Aug. 11, 11:15 a. m.— The
3Rui;sia.n fleet emerged from Port Ar
thur'a.t 7 o'clock on Wednesday morn
1{i£. It is said that only the smaller
Japanese vessels engaged and pursued
ii. The pursuit lasted two hours and a
ha.lf. The hospital ship Mongolia, car
rying w omen and children, is said to
liave accompanied the fleet.
Captain Kostchavoski of the Russian
Kurpedo destroyer Riesitelini. which
emerged from Port Arthur with the
fleet and which arrived here early this
morning, says that the vessel's engines
broke down when she was midway be
tween Chefu and Port Arthur. He pro
ceeded at a speed of twelve knots to
This port. He says he saw no Japanese
vessels.
None of the Japanese Bat
. tleships Near Wheu the
.ftiissians Left the Harbor
' SMALL CKAFT PUESUE
Port Arthur Fleet May Have
Succeeded; in Escaping
From Togo's Squadron
FATE OF CZAR'S
SHIPS IN DOUBT
GENERAL MACARTHUR STUDIES TOPOGRAPHY OF THE HENRY RANCH AND COMMENDS
THE PLACE AS A GRAND FIELD FOR THE GOVERNMENT'S MILITARY MANEUVERS
2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY. AUGUST 11, 1904.
ADVERHSEMEXTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 . * m — 1 Positively cured by
AinrrrrVft these Little Pills.
uM i\ I L i\ 0 T^y tdso relleT9 DIa -
ran tres3 from Dyspepsia. Ia-
BgSil ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
Rfl I W jp D Eatlnff. A perfect rens-
£*| I V tn cdy for Dizziness. Nassea,
iH PILL S a Drows!aes3. Bad Tasta
fe| ' jpga la tHo iloutn. Coated
BHfiBBBjfll . Tongue. Pain ln the Side.
'•^^"mma^ ITORPID LIVER. They
regulate tbe Bowels. Purer/ Vegetable.''
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE,
CARTERS! CCRE SICK fiEADACfiZ
BSittie Genuine Must Bear
f| IVER Fac-Simiia Signature
Esail j i /yzg*«^c5?^g2r
BHIIBIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII)
g"TheOCULARIUM'i
¦ Photo Department ¦
mm ¦ wr*
S Aug. 17. from 2 to 5 p. m.. Invites jj
¦ the public to a demonstration of S
3 Velvet, Veloxf
m Developing and Printing. n
~j Bring your own negative. p
g HENRY KAHN & GO. I
§ 642 MARKET ST. °
PlIIIIBBiaaiBIIBHIIBig
POINTLOBOS AVENUE LOTS
35x100 Each.
Must be sold at once.
Offered at reduced price.
$85O Each.
. THOMAS MAGEE ft SO2TS,
5 acoatffomery Street.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT KE3TOKAT1V2. 1NVAGOKA-
tor and Nervine.
Tha moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for tba Sexual Organ*, for both sexes.
Th« Mexican Remedy for Disease* of tba
Kidneys and Bladder. Srlls on Its own mart**.
. NABER. ALV8 & BRUNE, Agenta.
128 Market »t.. S. F.— (Send for Circular*^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ntXSH ANO SALT SX2AT3.
jas. eoyes & co. g:y^u^ar,"aj{g
OXfcS.
LUBR1CATINO <3tLS»; LEONARD * ELLI3.
413 front st.. 8. F. Vho** Mata 1719.
' r&urrurct.
F.C." HUGHES. m dZSS*2;.*T.
• DR. PIERCTTS REMEDIES.
BLOOD CKLXS.
tK HXALTH. C« DISEASE.
-Ian is a millionaire many times over in
the possession of blood cells. Woman is
not quite so rich, for scientists have proven
that the norical comber of red blood cells
in adult nen is five million; in women four
end a half million, to the square millimeter.
The normal cell is not absolutely round
in health, but, in disease, becomes ejt-
tremely irregular in shape. Every one can
be in perfect health ana possess the mil-
lions of ricb<«ed blood corpuscles if they
only know how to go about it Dr. R. V.
Pierce, consulting physician to the Inva-
lids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buf-
falo," N. Y., advises every man and woman
to prepare for a long life by observing na-
ture's laws. In the first place, if your
digestion is faulty, and the food you
eat is not taken up by the blood and assim-
ilated properly, you need a tonic and diges-
tive corrector, something that will increase
the red blood corpuscles; he believes in
roing about this in nature's own way.
Years «go, in his active practice, he found
that an alterative extract of certain herbs
and roots, put vp without the use of alco-
* hoi, would put the liver, lungs and heart
into fuller and more complete action. This
jnedicine he called Dr. Pieree'w Golden
Medical Discovery. By assimilating the
food eaten, it nourishes the blood, and, in-
etead of the ill-shaped corpuscles, the per-
eon r 8 blood takes on a rich red color and
the corpuscles are more nearly round.
Nervousness is only the cry of the 6tarved
nerves for food, and when the nerves are
led on rich red blood the person loses
those irritable feelings, sleeps well at night
c-d feels refreshed in the morning.
KNOWLEDGE IS POWER.
If you want to know about your body,
read Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
jAdyiser, which can Le had for the cost of
nailing, 31 cents in one-cent stamps for the
jcloth-bound book, or 21 stamps for the
jp^per-cox-ered volume. 1008 pages. Ad-
•dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse the
bowels end stimulate the eluggisalivex;
i Lost-A Lame Back. 1
IH It is safe to say that over ten milfion lame Ey
PI and weak backs llave been relieved and cured P|
H by wearing ALLCOCK'S PLASTERa F|
P| They are a wonderful combination of healing j j
11 gums, ABSOLUTELY SAFE, guaranteed M
il to contain no belladonna or any other poison 1 1
11 'and can be used on the tenderest skin. They k|
|U cure by absorption. |JJ
P| Their immense sale during the past 57 years has pj
H caused legions of imitations. Beware of them. |;|
§§§ Ask for ALLCOCK'S and see that you get the genu- &A
|||. inc. Don't be humbugged by any "just as Good." Je|The trusts have been fostered
by the tariff and multiplied by
the neglect of public officials to
enforce the law.
It is difficult to understand
how any citizen of the United
States, much less «a descendant
of Revolutionary stock, can
tolerate the thought of perma
nently denying the right of self
government to the Filipinos.
We arc not a military people,
bent on conquest by force, but a
people loving peace, not only for
ourselves, but for all nations of
the earth.
Should / our party be success
ful in the cominj contest we
cannot hope to secure a ma
jority in the Senate during the
next four years, and hence we
shall be unable to secure any
modification in the tariff, save
that to which the Republican
majority in the Senate may con
sent.
I accept the semination, and,
if the action of the convention
shall be indorsed by an election,
I will at the end of my term
retire to private life. I shall
not be a candidate for nor shall
I accept a renomination.
Terse Sentences
From the Speech
of Judge Parker
May Be the Democratic Nominee for
Governor of Xew.York.' *
BURTON HARRISON ••BOOMED."
ESOPUS, Aug. 10. — Francis Burton
Harrison, who represents the Thir
teenth New York District in Congress,
was put forward to-day for the Demo
cratic j nomination for I Governor r of
New York. His name was suggested
in an informal discussion between New
York politicians on the way to Esopus.
It was received so favorably that some
of the Tammany officials predicted
that the names of Mayor McClellan
and former Secretary. of War Daniel
S. Lamont would be eliminated.
BROTHER AGAINST BROTHER.'
Two Jacksons - Nominated for Con
gross in Maryland...* ' - ¦
» OCEAN CITY, Md., Aug. 10.—For
mer Governor Jackson was ; '. to-day
nominated. for Congress by the:Demo
crats of the? First Maryland - district.'
His 'opponent './will ; - be -- \ his •;-:. brother,
"WillianTH. Jackson, the present Re
publican candidate, , .-.:..„
WOULD RETURN* TO CONGRESS.
ROSWELL, N.. .M.v.Au*. 10.— Jferry
Simpson of this city to-day formally
announced his candidacy on the SL
Louis;. platform ,.ty£. delegate,. to Con
gress from New Mexico, subject to the
WIIX SUPPORT ROOSEVELT.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— The Sun
will say to-morrow:
As the case is now made up,* wo prefer the
Impulsive candidate of the party of conserv
atism to the mildly conservative, temporizing,
opportunist representative cf the Hun vota
In the background. We have more faith in the
distinct promises of the Chicago platform, not
ignoring the many serious defects of that
document, than we have in the miserable, hell
broth of dishwater and dynamite concocted at
St. Louis. We shall, therefore, advocate the
election of Roosevelt and Fairbanks and advise
the defeat of Parker and Davis.
action of the Democratic Territorial
convention to be held at Las Vegas
August 25. Simpson will have the
unanimous support of Eastern New
Mexico and doubtless will be the Dem
ocratic nominee.
MOSCOW. Idaho. Aug. 10. — The
Republican State convention to-nlgrht
nominated Frank R. Gooding of Lin
coln County for Governor. Gooding
defeated Governor Morrison, who was
a candidate for renomination by the
decisive vote of 195 to 90.
For Justice of the Suoreme Court
George H. Stewart of Boise and I. N.
Sullivan, present Chief Justice, were
placed in nomination. Sullivan was
nominated by 160 to 124.
Congressman Burton L. French was
renominated, defeating Charles' W.
Beale of Wallace by a vote of 198 to
77.
The platform is silent on the Mor
mon question.
GOODIXG IS NOMINATED.
I accept, gentlemen of the committee, the
nomination, and if the action of the conven
tion shall be Inferred by an election by the
people, I will. God helping me, give to the
discharge of the duties of that exalted office
the beEt service of which I am capable, and
at the end of the term retire to private life.
I <=hall not be a candidate for. nor shall I ac
cept a renomlnation. Several reasons might
bt>- advanced for this position, but the con
trolling one with me i«< that I am fully per
suaded that no Incumbent of that office should
rvor be placed In a situation of possible temp
tation to consider what the effect of any ac
tion taken by htm In an administrative mat
ter of great importance might have upon his
political fortunes.
Questions of momentous consequence to all
of the people have been in .the past and will
b>? in the future presented to the President
for determination, and In approaching their
consideration, as well as' in weighing the
facts and the arguments bearing .upon them,
h-> should be unembarrassed by any possible
thought of the Influence- his decision .may
have upon anything whatever that may affect
him personally. I make this statement, not
In criticism of any of our Presidents from
Washington down who have' either held the
office for two terms or : soustht ¦ to " succeed
themselves: for strong . arguments .•' could be
advanced in suDDort of the re-election of a
President. It Is simply my judgment ¦ that the
interests of this 'country are now so vast and
the questions presented ¦ are frequently of such
overpowering magnitude to the people that it
is indlsr>ensable to the maintenance of a be
fitting attitude before the * people not only
that the Chief Magistrate should • be inde
pendent, but that independence' should be
known of all men.
FAVORS ONE TERM IDEA.
As I have already proceeded at too great
length, other questions suggested • In the plat
form must await my letter of acceptance. Mr.
Chairman, in most graceful speech you have
reminded lee of the honor of the nomination
bestowed upon me by the convention you. rep
rerent this day. Be assured that both are ap
preciated — so keenly appreciated that I am
humbled In tbelr presence. . .
For fifty years, with the exception of the
war with Mexico, this country had b*en at
peace, with a standing army most of the time
flf less than 10.000 men. He who thinks that
the nation had grown effeminate during that
period should read the casualty rolls of the
armies on either side of Shlloh, Antletam,
Fredericksburg and Gettysburg, at ' Stone
River and at Chlckamauga. I would be the
last man to pluck a single laurel from the
crown of any one of the military heroes to
whom this country owes so much, but I Insist
that their most heroic deeds ' proceeded Infin
itely more from devotion to the country than
from martial spirit.
We are not a military people bent on con
quest or engaged In extending our domains
in foreign lands, or desirous of securing nat
ural advantages, however great, by force: but
a people loving peace not only for ourselves
but for all the nations of the earth. The dis
play of great military armaments may please
the rye and for the moment excite the pride
of the citizen, but It cannot bring to the
country the brains, brawn and muscle of a
single Immigrant r.or Induce the investment
here of a dollar of capital. Of course, such
armament as may be necessary for the se
curity of the country and the protection of
the rights of its citizens at home and abroad
must be maintained. Any ether course would
be not only false economy but pusllanimous.
I protest, however, against the feeling, now
far too prevalent, that by reason of the com
manding position we have assumed In the
world, we must take part In the disputes and
broils of foreign countries, and that because
we have grown great we t'hould Intervene In
every important question that arises In other
parts of the world. I also protest against. the
erection of any such military establishments
as would be required to maintain the coun
try in that attitude. We should confine our
International activities solely ' to matters in
which the rights of our- country or of -.our
citizens are directly Involved. That Is not a'
situation of isolation, but of independence.'. 7
The Government of the United States was'
organized solely for the people of the United
States. While it was contemplated that this
country should become a refuge for the op
pressed oP every land who might be fit to
discharge the duties of. our citizenship, and
while we have always sympathized with the
people of every nation in their struggles for
sell-government, the Government was not cre
ated for a career of political or civilizing
evangelisation in foreign countries or among
alien race?. The most efficient work we can
do in uplifting the people of other countries Is
by the presentation of a happy, prosperous,
self-governing nation as an Ideal to be emu
lated, a model to be followed. The general
occupation of our citizens in the arts of peace
or In the absence of large military armaments
tends to impair neither patriotism nor physical
courage, and for the truth of this I refer the
young men of to-day to the history of the Civil
war.
NOT HKNT UPON' CONQUEST.
It is the liberty, the advancement and the
prosperity of Its citizens, net any career ot
conquest, that raake the country a world
power. This condition we owe to the- bounty
of Providence, unfolded In the great natural
resources of the country, to the wisdom of our
fathers manifested in the form of government
established by them, to the energy, Industry,
moral character and law-abiding spirit of the
people themselves.
In a •truefle b»*iw**n employers and »m-
Eioye$ dynamite 1k said to nave been used by
the latter, resulting in the loss of life and th«»
<J»Ftructicn of property. Th* perpetrators of
this offeriB*" against the Ia»s of God and man
and all others 'JifapM in the conspiracy with
them fhouli, sftc-r due trial and conviction.
h»v«» had met»-d out to th»m the «vost rigorous
punishment knewn to the law. This crlm»,
added n---rhars" to others, led to the formation
of a committee of <-iti:cns that with the sup
port of the military authority deports from the
State, without trir.l, jx>rrons suspected of be
longing to th» organization of which the p*r
p*trators ot the dynamite ojtragps were sup
posed to be m»irih»t». In both rai^t the reign
of !aw gave ivay to «h» vic:i Of force.
• Thw» Illustrations % resent Rrtnp rvidenr* of
LATOTjESSXESS IN* COLORADO.
ments cf co v eminent or by a body of men
acting without a cemmisyien from the people.
Imp»tienc<- rf the rfrtrtiints of law, as well
as of its delay?. Is becoming more and more
n-.«nifcft frcra day t<> day. "Within the past
few y<ars rrasy irs*anc*s have been brought
to our stt»r.tirn where in different parts of
our belovd country fupo^ed criminals have
fc»*n E*iz»4 and runlrh^d by a mob. notwith
standing the fact that the constitution of each
Htate tniarant^ei to every person within Its
jurisdiction that his life, liberty or property
shall not be taken frem him without due
process of law.
tired to Drivat* life, said:
"If the thr*e t»owers of cur Government
maintain t»w:r mutual Independence of each
<>;her. It mav last lorg. but net ?o If either
can assume The- authority of the other."
It must be confessed that in the course of
oar history executives have employed powers
Dot bejoozbuc to them; s:atwve have been
pattf-i that were expressly forbidden by the
cottstitottoa and wta-.utes have bt-en »et aside
as unconstitutional until It was difficult to
p'.ir.t cut th«- rrcvisiens sa!4 to be offended
egainft In their enartm»nt. All this has been
oone with a good purpose, no doufct. but in
disregard. nev<?rthelM=?. of the fact that ours
is a jr-jvernroent of laws, not of m?n. deriving
Its •;jst rc»«i from the consent cf the
Coverr-pd."
If sre would have our Government continue
•Juring the ag^s to com*- for the benefit cf
tho«* who thail succ»c-ed us. we mu*t ever be
on <,ur suaid agair.n the danger of usurpa
tion cf That authority which resides in the
vboS* people, whether the usurpation be by
cfScia's reprf s?ntir.g one cf the great depart-
t* powers conferred ty the people.
Thomas Jefferson, in a letter to William C.
ar\is. touching the pv>rp<-tuity of our institu
icr.s written many years after he had re-
Libertv, as understood tn this country,
rr.eans not only the right of freedon from
taw! servitude, imprisonment cr restraint but
UN ri«M cf cn^ to use his faculties m al law
ful mrrnym. to live and work wh^re he will and
to pursue any lawful trade or business. These
essential rights of life, liberty and property
are not only guaranteed to the citizen by the
constitution of each cf the several State?, but
the-^ta-'e* a-e by the fourteenth amendment
U»>tfc» ccnet;tuticn of the United States for
bidden to derrive any person of any cne or
th^m without due process of law.
Occasionally, by reason cf unnecessary or
in-pat : e-it agitation for reform*, or because the
!'n:!*aiioas placed upon the Cepartmer.ts of the
GorensiBtnt by the constitution are disregarded
bv cfS'-iaJs d'«irirg to arcoiEplish that which
to then seems good, whether the power exists
cr not. it become* desirable tD call attention
t& the fact that the pecple. In whom all
power resides have seen fit. through the me
dium of th* constitution to limit governmental
powers conferred and to say to departments
.reared by it: "Thus far shall tfcou ko, and
no farther." To secure the ends sought the
people have by the constitution separated and
distributed among the thre» department* of the
government— the executive. legislative ani
judicial — certain powers, and it is the duty
of th se administering *ach department to act
fo <tt. to preserve rather than to destroy the
f---'Trncy of the co-ordinate branches of the
iwernraent and thu? secure th» exercise of all
RIGHTS OF FREE MEN.
course to Le pursued thrcuch th"lr proper ap-
I.iicaticn in cider to insuru npeded reforms in
both the lrs'.f!a".ve and administrative de
partments of the Government. While unhesi
tst'jig :n its cnmlM to correct abuses and tc
risni v.rcnrs wherever they appear or how
ever cius.-c: to investigate th* several admin
istrative c>rart:r.< nts of the Government, the
conduct of who- ..Jficials hss created scan
dals, and to punish those who have been guuty
at a breach cf their trust: to oppOM the grant
ing of special privileges by which the lew may
;rofit at the eBK» cf the many; to practice
f-oromy In tne expenditure of the moneys
of the ueople. and to tint end to return cr.ee
toon to the methods of the rounders of tha
republic by tttmexvla* in disbursing the public
TvtnQM the care and caution a. prudent imii
vi-ioa! observes with respect to his own; the
protection of the innocent as well as punlsh
¦nent cf the puilty: the encouragement of in
dus'iv economy and thrift: the protection cf
property ar.d *' guarantee cf the er.forcesu-nt
for the benefit cf all of man"* inalienable
re!-* "amors wMch. as said in thf Declara
tion of Independence, are •life, liberty and the
pursuit of h=rpir.e«s."
Mr. Chairmen and Gentlem-en of th« Com
mittee: I have rt signed the office of Chief
Justice of the Court cr Appeals of this State in
crder that I may accept the responsibility thai
th<? «reat convention you represent has put
upon me. without x>oss;b:e prejudice to the
court to which I had the honcr to be'.jng or
to the eminent members of the Judiciary of
this State, of whom 1 tn&y nou say as a j>r»
vatw citizen I am Justly proud.
At the very threshold of this response and
before dealing with ether subjects I roust, in
Justice to myself and to relieve n-.y sense or
gratitude, express my profound appreciation
of the confidence reposed in me by the con
vention. After no:ria«tir.j; me and subse
quently recelvice a communication dsciar.ng
that I regarded the cold standard as firmly
and irrevocably established, a matter concern-
Ing «hlch I felt Jt Incumbent upon me to make
known my attitude so that hereafter no man
could Justly say that his support had been
secured through ftiilreeiion or mistake, the
convention reiterated its determination that I
ehpuM be the standard bearer cf the p.xrty in
the j-resest eootest. This rsark of trust and
confidence I shall ever ef.«a as the highest
honor that cculd be conferred upon me — in
l;cnor that, whatever may be ths fate of the
can-iraitrn. tie future can in no degree lessen
or Impair. ... .
The admirable rlatfcrm upon which the
rarty ar** 1 * 1 '* to the country for its con
nirnce ft.no sujpert clearly states the prin
• iple*. which were so well condensed In tin
Orst ir.auzura! address of President Jefferson.
anJ ix.ir.tc out with ,'crce and direction the
ESOPUS. Aug. 10. — Judge Par
ker's speech accepting the Democratic
nomination for the Presidency — the
first expression of his political views —
is herewith riven in full:
ESOPUS, Aug. 10. — In notifying
Judge Parker of his nomination for
the Presidency Hon. Champ Clark
acted as spokesman for the commit
tee appointed by the St. Louis con
vention. Clark said: !
Judge Parker: The most momentous pollti- i
cal performance known among men is thf j
quadrennial election of an American Presi
dent. The supreme executive power of SO.OOO.
000 free people changes hands with elmpleet
ceremony and most perfect order. While the
contest for votes is waged with earnestness
and enthusiasm — sometimes with much heat
and bitterness — the ready acceptance of tho
result by the defeated is the surest augury
of the perpetuity of our Institutions.
Presidents come and Presidents go, but the
great republic, freighted with the hopes of th-.
human race for liberty, goes on forever. j
AH history proves that a government bot
tomed on popular suffrage is a government by
party. Experience shows that he serves his
party best who serves his country best. The
names most fondly cherished are these of men
who devoted their time, their energies, . their
talents, their fortunes and their lives to the
promotion of the public weal-. Stronger In
centive to high and patriotic endeavor no man
hath than the hope to stand through all th«»
ages In that goodly company: • '
Out of the masterly debates and profound
deliberations of the St. Louis convention
emerged a reunited .party, which goes forth
conquering and to conquer. The flower of the
Democracy assembled there to consult on the
state of the cougtry and to take measures for
restoring tne Government to the principles
enunciated by the fathers, from which it has
drifted far. In these latter days.
PARTY WELL REPRESENTED, j j
Every phase of Democratic opinion was rep- t
resented by brave, honest and able champions ,
in that great conclave of free and patriotic (
men.
The St. Louis convention carried out no cut
and dried . programme. Its delegates we«J not
mere automatons or marionettes waving and
talking when the strings were pulled by one
man. Speech and action were absolutely free,
and the great debates which took place there
will constitute part of the permanent political
literature of the country. No effort was made
to gag or bridle any one. If a delegate had a
pet Idea which he was anxious to exploit he
was given an adequate and respectful hearing
before either the platform committee or the
entire convention. Every man had his say.
To none was opportunity denied. Out of It
all grew such unity as encourages lovers of;
liberty and of pure government everywhere.
' We enter upon this campaign with the
strength which grows. out of the union of a
'mighty party: with the enthusiasm born of
truth, with the courage that emanates from
' a righteous cause, with the confidence of men
animated \)y noble purposes and lofty patriot
ism.
The principles of Democracy are grounded In
eternal truth. As formulated ¦ by the father
of Democracy they are not for a day, but for
all time, and are as applicable in this hour
as when he pmclaimed them In his first in
augural address, which has become a classic.
The necessity of putting them * Into practice
is as nresslng now as it was then. To once
more make them the basis of our political ac
tion is thn pleasant but arduous task assigned
you by the Democracy of the land.
AIMS OF DEMOCRACY.
To serve the whole American people, with
out discrimination, faithfully and well; to
distribute the blessings of the Federal Govern
ment impartially among all our citizens; to
lighten the burdens of government by reduc
ing taxation to the minimum and by rigid
economy in the public service; to administer
the powers conferred by the constitution Justly,
wisely, fearlessly, vigorously and patriotic
ally, without diminution and without usurpa
tion; to maintain freedom of thought, free
dom of speech and freedom of the press; to
promote th e sacred cause of- human liberty
everywhere by the wholesomeness of our ex
ample; to vindicate and glorify the theory and
practice of representative government: to se
cure its blessings to our ne«,t<r!ty for all time
—these ' always have been,' are and forever
must be the alms, and purposes of Democrats.
These alms and purposes have been care
fully, clearly and comprehensively set forth
In the declaration of principles which waa
ventlon In July last, by the platform com
ventlon in ujly last, by the Platform Com
mittee, after more than sixteen hours spent
In its consideration. In which every great live
Issue is frankly, boldly and fully discussed,
and which was unanimously and enthusiastic
ally adopted by that convention, composed of
delegates from every constituency under our
flag.
There, was a splendid array of Presidential
candidates before the St. Louis Convention,
supported by loyal friends and ardent ! ad
mirers. An unusually large number of men
were placed In .nomination for the greatly
; coveted honor. You were chosen with such
enthusiasm as foretells success. Having, on
the only ballot, received the two-thirds ma
jority Indispensable by Democratic usage, your
nomination was made unanimous with the
heartiest approval of your Illustrious com
petitors. "Absolute acquiescence In the de
cisions of the majority, the vital principle of
republics," has ever been a cardinal tenet
of Democracy, and the signs of the times
Indicate that you will be supported at the
polls by the Democratic hosts with the same
unanimity with which you were nominated.
SUPPORT OF ALL MEN.
The hope Is not too extravagant for enter
tainment that in this campaign our candidates
will have the support not only of every Dem
ocrat In the land, but also of every voter,
by whatever political name called, who believes
that the constitution of the United States Is a
living reality and that It applies equally to
highland low, great and small, to public of
ficial and to private citizen.
They will also be supported, let ¦ us hope,
by 'all men. without regard to political af
filiations who favor maintaining the llnei
of demarcation between the .legislative. Ju
dicial and executive departments of the Gov
ernment, the separation of which has been
generally regarded as the most salutary and
dlfllcult achievement of the masterful states
men who framed the constitution. It is be
lieved and hoped that as President you will
use every legitimate Influence at your com
mand to restore and preserve the healthful
equilibrium. among the departments established
by the constitution.
The most marked characteristics of the bulk
of the American people are reverence for the
constitution and obedience to law.
CAREER AS A JURIST.
Tour long and conspicuous career as a Jurist
In one of the highest courts in the world — the
period which you have spent In studying and i
expounding constitutions and statutes — causes
your countrymen to believe that Into the ex
alted executive office to which they are about
to call you you will carry that profound re
spect for the constitution and the law which
with you has become a confirmed mental habit
and upon which depends the perpetuity of our
system of government— the best ever devised
by the wit of man — a system. whose beneficent
i results have made us the most puissant
nation on the whole face of the earth. To
preserve it in its integrity and its full vigor
is the high mission of the Democratic party,
whose head you have now become.
Into your « hands the ; Democracy has com
mitted Its standard, with abiding faith In your
courage, your Integrity. ¦ your honor, your ca
pacity and your' patriotism,- believing ; that
Unler your, leadership we will achieve a signal
victory, that your administration will' be such
a fortunate, such a happy era In our annals
as to mark the. beginning of a long. period of
Democratic ascendency, and ¦ that you will' so
discharge your duties as to rank In history as
one of. the greatest and best beloved. of Ameri
can'Presidents. ';-'¦ r' :¦_¦:;•-¦
The convention, according to Democrat*;
custom, appointed a ', committee— of .which It
did 1 me- the honor: to make me chairman, for
which I am deeply grateful— to convey to you
official - Information of ; your selection as the
Democratic candidate . for President of the
Speaking . for the . committee, with pleasure
1 hand ycu this formal notification of . your
nomination, together with a copy of the plat
form unanimously adopted by the convention.
•In-lts nameand'by its authority I have the
honor to request you' to accept the nomina
tion unanimously bestowed.
May the nomination find fruition In election.
May the God of. our fathers guide, protect and
bless you both as candidate and as chief magis
trate of: the republic." • . ,
At vthe conclusion of his speech,
Clark -handed Judge Parker the fol
ldwing: ,¦'¦, . "- .
ESOPUS. N. T.', Aug. 10. 1904.-iTo the Hon.
Alton B. Parker— Sir: ¦' As. .the . regularly ap
pointed and | duly accredited committee of the
National Convention - of the Democratic party
held at the city > of St. Louis. Mo., on . the
6th,. 7th, - 8th and Dth days of July. 1004, we.
the undersigned, have the • honor. • and • it " is
our pleasure, to convey to you, as we now do,
the ¦ official -¦ announcement of your unantmus
nomination by- that great and historic party of
the • people,', as . Its . candidate . for ¦ the exalted
office of -President of the United States at the
election to .be held on November 8, . 1004, - a
nomination ' so manifestly wise and appropriate
that ¦ already the ; country has ; indicated its ap
proval of it, .and the most convincing auguries
i of • Ita, formal -.Indorsement by - the..- American
i people ; at -the polls are "rapidly. Increasing.
L . Requesting your ; acceptance . of . this i nomin*-
"The voters of the country can choose
between two men, one who has stood
by the policy of the Republican
party from first to last, voting for and
commending all the measures by^ which
it has grown to greatness and power;
the other^who has been an advocate of
the Republican system of protection,
who is unsound in his views on money
and who voted for Bryan."
He characterized a New York news
paper as "the devil" and the Bryan
wing of the Democratic party as "the
deep sea."
"Judge Parker," said the Speaker,
"had to send that telegram to satisfy
his New York friends. If he had not
done so he would have offended them,
whereas, on the other hand, the sending
of it offended the Bryan wing."
Referring to Candidates Roosevelt
and Parker, Cannon said:
BURLINGTON. Vt., Aug. 10.— The
Republican campaign was formally
opened in Vermont this afternoon with
an open-air rally in City Hall Park,
with Speaker Joseph G. Cannon of Illi
nois as the principal speaker. Congress
man Charles E. Littlerteld of Maine and
United States Senators Redfleld Proctor
and W. R. Dillingham of Vermont also
made speeches.
Speaker Cannon referring to Judge
Parker's telegram to the Democratic
convention announcing his position on
the money question said:
"It was Judge Parker's only chance.
He sent that telegram because he was
between the devil and the deep sea."
"Uncle Joe," nt Opening of- the Cam
paign, Discusses New York Jurist.
CAXXOX TALKS ABOUT PARKER.
tion we are. with assurances of our high es
teem and sincerest good wishes, yours respect
fully.
'CHAMP CLARK of Missouri, Chairman,
It also was signed by all other
members of the notification commit
tee. _
There need be no fear that the assertion so
often rnade of late that we have now become
a world power will then be without «upport
Ours is a world power, and as such it must
be maintained, but I deny that it is at all
recently that the United States has attained
that eminence. Our country became a world
power over a century ago. when., having
thrown off foreign domination, the people es
tablished a free government, the sources of
whose authority Rprung and was continually
to proceed from the will of the people vthem
eelver. It grew as a world power as its eturdy
citizens, to whose natural Increase were added
iirmi»Tant'» from the old world seeking to ob
tain here the liberty and prosperity denied them
In their own country, spread over the race of
the land, reduced the prairies and forests to
cultivation, bui't cities, constructed highways
and railroads, till now a nation which at the
formation of the ' government numbered only
3.000.COO in. population hai grown, to 80.000,000
and from ocean - to ocean and from the lakes
to the gulf the country in the free, abode of
prosperous people advanced in the highest d«-
Mrtm la the learning - of art* ¦ of • civilization.
Can we hope for the resnect of the civilized
world while proudly sruaranteeing to. every
citizen cf the United States that no law shall
rx> made or enforced which shall abridge the
privileges or Immunities of citizens, of the
United States or deny to any person the
*o,u:il protection of the laws, and at the same
time not only deny similar rights to the In
hahitants of the Philippines, but take away
from them the right of trial by Jury anjl
place their lives and the disposition of their
property in the keeping of those whom we
f-mi\ to them to bo their rrovernors? We shall
certainly rue it as a nation if we make «ny
such attempt. Viewing the question even
from the standpoint of national selfishnees,
thrre Is no prospect that the $20,000,000 ex
pended in the purchase* of. the Islands and the
$C..O.*v>.noo said to have been disbursed will
ever tome back to uj. The accident of war
brought the Philippines into our possession
and we arc not at liberty to disregard the
responsibility that came to us but that re
sponsibility will be best subserved by pre
paring the inlander* a* rapidly an possible for
fcelf-eovernmem »nd giving to them the as
surances that it will come as soon as they are
reasonably prepared for It. •
It In dlff.fjlt to know !iow any rltlren of
the Vn'tfti States, much W«» a descendant of
Revolutionary stork can tolerate the thought
cf permanently (Tenyinsr th» right of self-gov
ernment to the Filipinos. Can we hope to In-
Ftill Into the minds of our descendants rever
ence and devotlcn for a government by the
people while denying ultimately that ripht to
the Inhabitants of distant countries, whos*
territory we have acquired either by purchase
or by force? Can we say to the Filipinos,
"Tour ll\-e*. your liberty and your property
irsy fvi taken from yon without due piocess.
of law for all time." and expert w» vilT
long glory In that feature of the Magna
Charta which ha« become Incorporated, in
fubstance and effect, into the constitution of
every State as well as Into the fourteenth
¦mendiQeot to the constitution of the United
States? '.
WT-.at it Tj«1ed fn addition to the passage
of a statute revising th«» tariff duties to a
r*a*onabl«» ba^s Is not *o much o'.her and
different laws as officials havin? th» disposition
and courage to enforce existing laws While
this Is my view of the «eope of the common
law. if !t rhould he trade to appear that It is
a mistaken one. then I favor such further ler
lolation within constitutional lines us will
plve the people a Just and full measure of pro
tection. '','•:-
LIBERTY FOR THE FIIJPIXOS.
It it a faci and i-hould be frankly con
ceded that though our party be successful in
the coming contest we cannot hope to secure
a majority of the Senate during the next four
}tars, and hence we &hall be unable to secure
»ny moditicauon in tne tari:i, M.v« to which
the Republican majority in thf Senate may
consent. "While, therefore, we are unable to
give assurances of relief to the people from
such excessive duties as burden them it is
due to them that we state our position to be
in favor of a reasonable i eduction in the tar
iff; that we believe it is demandtd by the b«st
Interests of both manufacturer and, consumer,
and that a wise and beneficent revision of the
laritT can be accomplished as soon as both
branches ol Congress aid an executive in fa
vor of it are elected, without creating that
sense of unomainty and inbtabllUy that has
on other occasions manUs-sted Itself. This
can be achieved by providing that such a rea
sonable period shall intervene between the
date of the enactment of the statute making
a revision and the date of its enforcement as
shall be deemed sufficient for the Industry or
business affected by such revision to adjust it
eelf to the changes and new conditions Im
posed. Eo confident am I in the belief that the
demand of the people for a reform of the
tariff is just that I indulge in the hope that
ehould a Democratic House of Representatives
and a Democratic executive be chosen by the
l-eople even a Republican Senate may heed
the warning and consent to give at least some
measure of relief to the people.
The combinations, popularly called trusts,
which aim to secure a monopoly of trade in
the necessaries of life as well as In those
things that are employed on the farm. In the
factory and in many other fields of Industry,
have been encouraged and stimulated by ex
cessive tariff duties. These operate to furnish
a substantial market in the necessities of
80.C00.C0o of people by practically excluding
competition. "With so large a market and
highly remunerative prices continuing long
after the line of possible competition would
naturally be reached the temptation of all en
gaged in the same business to combine, so as
to prevent competition abroad and a resulting
reduction of prices, has proved irresistible In
a number of cases. All men must agree that
the- natural result of enacting laws that foster
ruch inequitable conditions In most unfortunate
for the people as a whole, and it would seem
a3 If all ought to agree that the effective
remedy would b« to appropriately modify the
offending law.
The growth of monopoly, of which com
plaint Is Justly made, cannot Justly be laid, at
the doors of the courts of this country. The
decisions cf th? Suprpme Court of the United
States, the Court of Appeals of this State and
the court of last resort in many other States
warrant the assertion that the common law
as developed affords a complete legal remedy
acalnst monopolies. The fact that they have
multlnlled In number and incrpased in power
has been due net to the failure of the courts
to apply the law whrn properly moved by ad
m!nl*tratlv» officials cr private Individuals,
but to the failure of officials charged with the
duty of enforcing the law to take the neces
sary procedure to procure the Judirment of the
courts 1n the appropriate Jurisdiction, coupled
¦with th» fact that th» legislative departments
of rots* of cur State governments as well as
OvzrtF* In the manner alrpady referred to
bavp hy IeeiFlation encouraged thMr propaga
tion.
CAXXOT WIX THE SENATE.
ify ihe latter claes. With absolute control of
both legislative and executive departments of
the Government since March 4. lb'JT. there has
been neither, reduction nor an attempt at re
duction in tariff duties. It Is not unreason
able to assume, in the light of that record,
that a Ituure Congress of that party will not
undertake a revision cf the tariff downward
in the event that it shall receive an Indorse
ment o: its past course on that subject by the
people.
The foregoing suggestion* but emphasize the
distinction which exists between our own and
many other forms of government. It has been
well cald, in substance, that there are but
two powers in government — one the power of
the sword, sustained by the hand that wields
it, and the other the power of the law, sus
tained by an enlightened public sentiment. The
difference In the powers Is the difference in
the republic — such as powers, based on law
and a written constitution, supported by Intel
ligence and patriotism — and a monarchy, sus
tained by force exerted by an Individual, un
controlled by laws other than those made or
sanctioned by him; cne represents constitu
tionalism. th« other imperialism.
The present tariff law Is unjust In Its opera
tion, excessive in many rates and eo framed
in particular instances aa to exact Inordinate
profits from the people. So well understood
has this view become that many prominent
members of the Republican party and at least
two of ita State conventions have dared to
voice the eeneral sentiment on that subject.
That rarty seerr.s. however, to be collectively
abie to harmonize only upon a plank that ad
mits that revision may from time to time be
IWW ¦ ¦ I jr. but is eo phrased that it is expectod
to be satisfactory to these in favor of an
Increase or tho^a who favor a reduction thereoi
and to those opposed to any change whatever.
Judged by the record of performance, rather
than that of promise on the part of that party
in the rast. it would seem as if the outcome
in the event cf its success would be to grat-
the failure of government to protect the citi
zen and hie property, which not only justi
fied the action of your convention In this re
gard, but made it Its duty to call attention
to the fact that constitutional guarantees are
violated whenever any citizen is denied the
ripht 10 labor, to acquire and to enjoy prop
erly, or to reside where his Interests or incli
nation may determine; and the fulfillment of
the asKurunoe to rebuke and punieh ail de
nials of these rights, whether brought about
by individuals or government agencies, shield
be enforced by every official and supported
by every citizen. The essence of. good govern
ment lies in strict observance ot constitutional
limitation?, enforcement cf law and order and
rugged opposition to all encroachment upon
the eoverelKnty of the people.
Proclaims His Absolute Independence
and Would Be Satisfied With One
Term in the White House.
Champ Clark, in Clever Speech, Breaks
the News From St. Louis
to Judge Parker.
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE DECLARES FOR GOLD STANDARD,
TARIFF REVISION AND INDEPENDENCE OF PHILIPPINES
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1904.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Onee an invalid of 9S pounds I
now weigh 125 pounds and feel strong
and "well and it Is due entirely and
orly to having found the proner food
Jn Grape-Xuts." Xame given by Pos-
tum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
"Get the little book, "The Road to
Wellville," in each pk&r.
'.'Well, I ate some for breakfast and
pretty soon the lady called to see
'her 'patient,* as she called me, and
sj?ked~ if I had tried her advice.
" "Glad you did, child, do you feel
some better?'
" 'So,' I said, 'I do not know as I
<*o; the only difference I can see is I
have no sour stomach and come to
think of It I ha\-en't spit up your four
tpaspoons of Grape-Xuts yet.'
"Nor did I ever have any trouble
with Grape-Xuts then or any other
time, for this food always stays down
and my stomach digests it perfectly:
T soon pot strong and well again and
hjf-ss that old lady every time I se«
fccr.
• It is an ever new and interesting
ptory to hear how one can be entirely
made over by change of food.
"For two years 1 was troubled with
• tvhat my physician said was the old-
•YcLfhioned dyspepsia.
"There was nothing I could eat but
twenty or thirty minutes later I would
be spitting my food up in quantities
until I would be very faint and weak.
This went on from day to day until I
was terribly wasted away and with-*
out any prospects of being helped.
"On«* day I was. advised by an old
lady to try Grape-Xuts and cream,
leaving off all fatty food. I had no
confidence that Grape-Nuts would do
all she paid for me, as I had tried so
many thinjrs without any help. But It
•¦was so simple I thought I would give
tt a trial, she insisted so.
OLD FASHIONED
Bet Still in the Fashion.
GRAPE-XUTS.
OCEAX TRAVEL.
Steamers leave Broadway
/X&^^SGS. "harv" <Pier» 9 and ll) m
fnf^_ \:\l\ Ean Francisco:
/ft/'TJ.B <a> \-*\ For Ketchikan. Wraaxsl.
I f Vt*Wk I 1 Junsau - Halnes. £kagroay,
I 1 Iftl^a / / * tc -. Aliska — 11 a m.. Aus.
\*\ \V*ltf/ 3 - 8 - 13 - 1S - M . S «3-
VyO'^^yy Charge to this company'*
i »teamen at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
I Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
! Belllngham — 11 a. m.. Aus. 3. 8. 13. 19. 23, 23.
I Sept. 2. Change at Seattle- to this Company'*
| steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at SeatUs
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver t»
C. P. Ry.
For Eurelca. (Humboldt Bayi — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Aug. 2 S, 14. 20. 26. Sept. 1: Coroaa,
1:30 p. m.. Aug. 5. 11. 17. 23. 20. Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles ajjet
Redondo>. San Dieeo and Santa Barbar:.—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. in.
For Los Ar.geles (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. Saa Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Harford 'dan
Luis Obispo>. Ventura and Huenem*. ¦
Bonita. 9 a, m.. Au«r. 3. 11. 19. 27. Sept. 4.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Aug. 7. 15. 23, 31. Sept. 8.
For Ensenada. Ma«dalena Bay. San Jose- del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Puz Santa Ro-
•alla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each rao.
For further Information obtain foUler. Right
Is reserved to chane* st»an?ers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hot*O.lf> Market st.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Odce, 1 0 Market st.
C. D. IjUXANN General Passenger Agent.
10 Market »t.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutt" *t.. w*II
call for and check bapgaire from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMEJEUCAZT LIirE.
Plrxnonth — caierbonrsr — Sonthamptoa.
From Xew York Saturdays at 9 a. m.
Germanlc Aug. 20! St. Paul Sept. 3
New York Aug. 27i Philadelphia ..Sept. 10
ATLANTIC TXtANSPO.ttT USTH.
New York — london Direct.
Mesaba.Au?. 20. 0 am'MInneha.Sept. 3, 10 aza
Mntnka.Aug.27.6:30 am Minneap.Sept.10. 6 am
DOMIHIOn X,ZSS.
Montreal — livenjocl — Shnrt sea passage.
Dominion Aug. CO' Canada Sept. .1
Vancouver Aug. 27. Ottawa Sept. 10
KOI/LAJTD-ASIEIIICA LITE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.^00 Toas. •
New Torft — Rotterdam. Via Bcrtfotrne.
. Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Statendam Aug. 2-T; Rotterdam ...Sept. fl
Potsdam Aug. 30 Ryndam Sept. 13
KED STAR LI3?E.
Hew Tork — Antwerp — tcadc-n — Paris.
Calling at T>over for I^ondon and Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 <». m.
Finland Aug. 2i>; Krccnlnnd Sept. .1
Vaderland Auc. 27 Zeeland Sept. 10
SPECIAL NOTICE— The large, new. twln-
•crew steamships of the Red Star Line call at
Dover. England, both east and *-est bound.
WIHTH STAB LINE.
New Ter* — Qne^nstowTi — luverpoo'..
Sailing Wednesdays.
Oceanic. Aug. 24. 5 pm|reltlc. .P*pt. 2. 10 am
Arabic. .Aug. 26. R pm| Baltic. ..Pept. 7. 3 pin
Teutonic. Aug.31, 10 am Majestic. Sept. 14. 10 am.
Boston — Quceastowa — LItcucI
Cretic Aug. 25. P«pt 22
Republic (nexr> Sept. 3
Cymric Sept. 15, Nov. 17
NEW SERVICE FBO3X BOSTON.
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11400 to 15.000 Tons.
BOSTON PIRECT TO THE
MEDITEIIKATTEAN. VIA AZO3ZS,
orrmALTAE, *? apt. ¦*•.?.. oftoa.
ROMANIC Sept. 17. Oct. 20. Dec. 10
CANOPIC Oct. ". Nov. 19. Jan. 7
First Class. $63 upward, depending on date.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
' 21 Post St., San Francisco.
J^amburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CH^RBOrRO. HAMBURG
Hamburg Aus- lM'Deutschland .Sept. I
Phoenlcta Aug. Si j'Waldersee ...Sept. X
•tBluecher Aug. 2.">,*fMoltke Sept. 1
Aue. 27 Palatla Sept. 10
•Has grillroom and tgymnasium on board.
'Will c*>ll at Dov«>r for Ixmdon anil Paris.
HAMBUXQ-AMZBXCA2T TJ3TE.
Offlces. 35 and 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
qccaBicS.s.co.«Sis
g~S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thurs«day, Auff.13.2p.ro.
S S ALAM EDA. for Honolulu. Aus. -~. 11 a.m.
S. S." MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Sept. 11. 11 a.m.
J.D.SPEECKELS & BEOS. Ca. Afll.TiCtet 03C2 643 X3T-
Hi Fnizlit Odes 329 mini St.. Pier 7, Pasilc si
COXPAQNIB GEHEItiX.? T3ANJATI.AMTI331
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. J+**
Sailing ever>' Thursday lnsteai of *jK CTi
Saturday, at 10 a. m.-. from Pier 42. >*»«?
North. River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GKNERal
AGKNCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
AWl. S2 Broadway (Hudson building). N<m*
YcrkT J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* nold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To IT. S. JTarr Taxi! and Vallejo.
Stmra. Gentral Frisbie. Monticetlo and Arrow.
0-45 aim. 12:30. 3:13. «. S:CO p. m. Ux.Sua,):
Sundays. 0:45 a. m.. 8:00 p. m. Leava Valleja
- ST. m 12C0. 3:13. 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.): Sun-
1;!. 7 -* m.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mls-
sloo street: phone Main 1503. HATCH BROS.
To XT. S. ITavr Tard and Vallejo.
Star H J. Corcoran — Leaves & F.. foot of
Clay st. north end ferry bid*.— Week days.
o£o IT M.. 3 and *8 P. 11.; Sundays. 0;30
V. M ft P M. Leaves Vallejo— Weeic days.
£Vo X. M.. l-:20 and 6:30 P. M.; Sundays. S
P M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion ratea
Snndays to Vallejo. Glan Cove and Martln-z.
mJT round trip. PIPEB. ADEN. GOODALI.
CO. pioo« Uala> 841. •Saturday. exsejteA.
A PASTOR CURED BY PE-RU-NA.
Rev. Leander and ¦ • •,fei& S s, ;
Mrs. Dalton Have . 1 J «| ]jmB
Faith in Pe-ru-na. 'M ||Jjf M;
The Catarrh Remedy of Mi ?p| iSJ |
National Fame. km W 1 H^-lKH-i.
From East and West Come t '||j v^\m^^h^\ '
Words of Praise From Those i Ml <r^-vrrt s 5§rir28« "A \
Cured byP e.r,na. j
-^ffif ? ReV " charIes H - Le and'er. 202 •
? Golden Gato Ave., San Frar.cisoo. ,
'¦¦i-^VBB^^^M^^mlU'i'U^ * Cal - National Lecturer and Pastor ?
I'H^^^^^^WSK^H^ 1 * lst Spiritual Society, writes: *
, ,;-.=:> ragp^^ »yv i ,: .. h i5 with pleasure tkat j .
$&i^M^®W&^ ' ? 9 lve m y endorsement of Pe- I
llili ? runa. Hy experience has been *
)&&[ ¦ I lifll \ ver y satisfactory from its use, •
HHl* ' ~ - MW*'^ '' an<^ ' fi rml y beliovo that it \
||||r 'fT^ra n '* ine esi nown remedy for J
j^^ ¦ ' 4||ll|il|; ? catarrh in all its different •
forms-" J
# Rev Charles" Leaftder: Jt REV - CHARLES "; LEAN^ R ; }
Caanot Be Too Thaakfnl to Pe-ru-na. "For years I have suffered with bilious
•\.r- rn,»i.»i-- t\-««^«, ci^.k— . »f« colic. A friend advised me to try Pe-
Mr. Christian Wenger. Sigsbee. Mo.. runa , and j u^ not b?en troubled with
wrltes: bilious colic since using it." — Mrs. Eve-
"I cannot thank you enough for re- lena A. Dalton.
storing my health. I am satisfied that A reward of $10,000 has been deposited
I am rid of my headaches. I have not Jn the Market Exchange Bank. Colum-
experlenced a return of them thla win- bus - Ohio, as a guarantee that the above
ter" Christian Wenger testimonials are genuine: that we hold
in our possession authentic letters cer-
A Temperance lecturer Uied tlfying to the .same. During many years*
« advertising we have never used, in part
xt— tt, ..!„„, i n^iMn •*<:¦* r«,.«,«r,f or 1r w d°1-. a single spurious testt-
Mrs. Evelena A. Dalton 363 Fremont monlal . Every one of our testimonials
St., Boston. Mass.. a well known tem- are genuine and In the words of the ons
perance lecturer, writes: whose name is appended.
T£L ' A |jC 911-913
south^imBm^k MADKFTtT
flip' Telephone for Fresh Meats South 2223,
I ITR 1TIT Fresh Buttermilk l
E ***/^ tv a xr served to all our J
I TO-DAY visitors. f
1 Overland Lunches Put Up to Order. |
H * PUBLIC TELEPHONE. M
1 THREE SPECIALS. 1
I Groceries/ J
H FANCY CHEAMEBT G K X B A B S EX.X.X'8 STRAIGHT JAVA jfi|
B» BUTTEB CHOCOLATE ..... COFFEE \j?
EaT square 4~*o ..1-pound can liof pound lioC jBl
fjjF * Full weight.' No Ground. Regr. 30c Genuine Old Gcv- £j[
P 15mit - EASTEBNHAMS... """^ R^ 35c - i
P GRAPE NUTS ...pound l.'lc CBEAM CHOCO- /fl
H- package 10c Sugar cured. LATE..2 cans
!¦¦? FSESEBTSD QB>- FBENOH MTJSK- Sample at the store. EP
M QEB..large jar ;»5c BOOMS. . .can l»Oc R e E . 2oc can. |a
BOY A It BATON Small Button Mush- NEW SUQAB CORK.. H
3a 8OAF..10bars 2F>C rooms. Superior to can 10c J9
Wk Full weight bars. Le Court's. Reg. 30c. Reg. 15c. €?
9 FBEBE KAHOB SEW YOEK CREAM SZ.GXH CREAMESY fjF
H EGOS... dozen 25c CHEESE BUTTER Is
H Strictly fresh. 2 pounds 25c pound 25c M
fi 'ASPXHS OBEAX ... Medium strong. Fresh. H
Wj ......large can oC EASTERN ROLLED SWISS CHEESE ]T|
V} . Evaporated, steril- ( OATS pound 3Oc »j3
«k ized. Xo limit. * ....10 pounds 25c Genuine imported. 5S4
\ Liquors. |
flf ITALIAN TUB- FBESXSSNT'S BLUE CUTTEB WHISKEY L*:l
B MOUTH.bottle 45c FX*AQ WHISKEY.. '. ...... .bottle TOc S3
B Genuine. Reg. 65c S5c The original. No Jig
ft BEBOEB ABSIKTHE Bottled In bond. limit. Pi
g ........... S1.25 Full quart. BEMSOirp 9
Jjja . Reg. $1.60. _ BASS'S AM •••••- KET..gallon $2.90 Ij
» MAETLAHD CLUB ••••• .dozen $1.65 Double stamped. fj
fsf WHISKEY ...85c Johnson's bottling. FuI1 proo f. 1897. H
B Reg. $1.25. Reg. $2.00. Reg. $4.00. M
B GOLD XJOH COOK- TABtE FOBT WLWJJ AFOLT.TNABTB WA- f&
If TAH.S.. bottle 85c ........gallon 5Oc TUB... .dozen 75c &
«k All kinds. Reg. Reg. 75c. Pints. Reg. $1.60.
fig $1.10." KENTUCKY WKIS-, BLACKBEBBY fa
3m HOLLAOT> GXH KEY..gallon S1.75 BRANDY ||
fj .....f bottle $1.00 Bourbon. Reg. $2.50. ;; bottle 50c f|
B .Red Cross Brand. MABQUETTE WHIS- For your health. m
B." Reg. $1.35. • XET.... bottle 75c Reg. 75c. OrChanges Bondsmen.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— Assessor
Henry Dalton has changed his bonds
men. A document was filed for : rec
ord this afternoon showing that in the
place of P. ' A. Cox, Albert Brown,
Henry Meyer and Ed Cavanaugh '• ; he
has substituted the United States : ; Fi
delity and Guaranty Company of New
York, which is now his' surety in -the
sum of $20,000, - ,
ASKS DAMAGES FOR ' BURNS.— Oakland,"
Aug. .10.— Suit for $10,725 damages was begun
to-day against the. San Francisco Chemical
Company by> John- Nelson, who . fell Into a
vat of , boiling acid at . the works at West
Berkeley last: September.' . His legs were so
burned that - he .* was permanently ..injured.
He ¦ claims that the company is responsible,
a» it put him at work to which heywaa unao
custtmed. -¦ " .
EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE MADE. —
OAKLAND, " Aug. 10.— S. J. Gray, formerly
an ascent of. the Pacific States Mercantile
Cpmpany, was arraigned to-day before Jus
tice of the Peace James G. Qulnnon a charge
of embezzlement. . S.' Epstein, manager of the
company, chanres Gray with the embezzle
ment of $281. Gray's examination was set for
August 18. -
OAKLAXD. Aug. 10. — Thomas Ad
dison and Arthor W. Goodfellow,
executors of the will of the late
Charles U. Lloyd, filed a report with
the courts to-day showing that they
have sold ninety-four bonds of the
Sacramento Electric, Gas and Railway
Company, belonging to the estate, for
an aggregate sum of $91,592. This is
to be distributed among the heirs as
a partial distribution and for the pay
xnent of expense?.
Money for Lloyd Heirs.
CATHOLIC- WOMEN ELECT DELE
GATES. — Oakland, Aug. 10. — Temescal Coun
cil No. 28 of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society
has elected the following delegates to the
Grand Council at Santa Maria del Mar, Santa
Crux, on Tuesday, August 16: Mrs. K. A.
Macdonald and Miss Teresa Reardon, delegates;
Miss Jennie Mlllan and Miss Maud Waters, al
ternates.
BERKELEY, Aug. 10.— Charles V.
Keys put a burglar to flight with a
baseball bat when the fellow tried to
get into his bedroom at 2237 Atherton
street this morning. Keys heard some
one open the window and prepared to
meet the intruder with the business
end of the bat, but the noise of Key^'
preparations scared the would-be
thief away.
Scares Off Burglar With a Bat.
Fifteen years ago Paul fell sick. He
was attended by his mother and when
their means failed they were sustained
by agents of various charitable or
ganizations and by neighbors.
NEW YORK, Augr. 10. — Mrs. The
resa Born, 84 years of age. and her
son, Paul, 40 years of age, have been
removed to a hospital from a back
room in a Bleecker-street house,
where they had existed fifteen years
without having set foot in the street.
The son saw a trolley car for the first
time while on his way to the hospital
and he became greatly excited when
he was carried to a room there in- an
elevator.
Invalid Confined to Room for Fifteen
Years' Sees Wonders While on
Way to Hospital. .
SIGHT OP TROLLEY CAR
EXCITES MAN OF FORTY
INFANT'S . ESTATE APPRAISED — OAK
LAND, Aug. 1. — Appraisers or the estate of
tiie latl Gertrude Goewey Havens filed their
report with the County Clerk to-day, show-^
ing that the property left by the deceased to
her infant heir amounts to $42.313 50. This
Is to be held In trust by the father. John W.
Havens, until. the boy becomes 30 years of age.
NEW/MINING COMPANY. — OAKLAND,
Aug. ¦ 1. — Articles of incorporation of the Car
bury Gold ' Minine Company were Hied with
the County Clerk to-day. The directors are
A. E. Carpenter, G. H. Reed, H. H. Carpen
ter. Fred M. Bradbury and M. Bradbury. The
capital Btock is $75,000, which is divided into
shares of, the rar .value of $1 each.
SAYS HE IS NOT A THIEF. — OAKLAND,
Aug. 10.— Joseph Jones, accused of stealing
$2« from George Petroft*. his tentmate, at the
Thirty-eixth street sewer construction camp,
waa arrested to-day. Jones denied the theft.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: CharleR B
Cook, over 21. and Estella M. Turner,
'over IS, both of Berkeley; Robert K.
Wilson, 25, Los Angeles, ,and Vir
ginia E. Noff singer, . 19, Oakland;
Frank J. Roue. 25. and Gussie Fon
seca. 1!>. both of Oakland; Lewis S
Leggr. 21, and Ada A- High. 20, both of
Berkeley; Ellis A. Haskell, 21,' San
Francisco, and Leonora Silva, 19
Oakland; William M. Curry, 24, San
Francisco, and Mary May, 21, Liver
more; Henry Hawson, over 21, and
Eisie Jl. Tade. over 18. both of Fres
no; Frank W. Raine. 23. and Mildred
Graves. IS. both cf Oakland.
Marriasrc Licenses.
GUARDIAN FOR TYE.— Oakland. Augr. 10. —
The wife of Charlie Tye, the lightweight
fighter,- made an application to bo appointed
his guardian to-day. He is shown to have
$247 owlnfr to him fnnm various sources, which
Mr». Tye wants authority to collect.
Card Tourney for Charity.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 10. — Arrange
ments are being made by the Alameda
Women's Charitable Association for
a card . tournament to be held in the
City Hall Friday evening, September
2. The proceeds of the affair will be
used, by the organization in assisting
the deserving needy.
CAPTAIN PETERSEN ON' DX}tT.— OAK
LAND, Aug. 10.— Captain of Police W, J.
Petersen returned to duty to-day after a
month's vacation In the Sierra Nevada Moun
tains. His health was much benefited.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 10. — Miss Dolly
Tarpey, daughter of Michael F. Tar
pey of'this city, had both bones of her
left forearm fractured . yesterday
through her saddle horse falling with
her near the ferry depot in San Fran
cisco. Miss Tarpey's left elbow was
al?o dislocated. The young lady was
brought to her home here for medical
treatment.
Miss Tarpey Breaks Arm.
The meeting to-morrow evening will
b<? addressed by Rev. J. Stitt Wilson
and other speakers.
BERKELEY, Aug. 10. — A mass
Jiieeting will be held to-morrow even-
Ing at Odd Fellows' Hall to protest
against the compulsory vaccination of
public school children. A large num
ber of the parents of school children
in Berkeley have protested against the
enforcement of the law compelling
¦vaccination, but the authorities have
.presented the ultimatum that since
the law was sustained by the Supreme
Court all children must be vaccinated
if they wish to attend the public
echools.
Parents of Berkeley Call a Mass
Meeting to Express Their Senti
ments Against the Law.
WILL PROTEST AGAlXST
COMPULSORY VACCINATION"
ALAMEDA, Aug. 10. — Figures on
the enrollment of pupils in the seven
local public schools for this term show
the number to be one less than the en
rollment at the commencement of the
spring term, or 2974. The present at
tendance at the various schools is as
follows: Longfellow, 404; Mastick,
654; Halght, 560; Porter, 497; Wil
son, 402; Everett, 95; High, '351.
Pupils in Alameda Schools.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, Aug. 10. — In a recent letter
to President Wheeler. George R. Firkin, chief
executive agent of the Rhodes trustees, makes
a statement resardlne the number of candi
dates for Rhodes scholarships in each State
who passed the quail fytnj? examinations set
by the University of Oxford. Five State* had
n.» candidates, twelve had only one each, and
ouc of 24.T who from all the United States took
the examinations only 12O passed. It is there
fore creditable to California that out of eight
Callfornians who took the examinations sevea
passed.
Dr. Agassi* of Harvard University has ex
tended an Invitation to Professor C. A. K»
foed to join him in an expedition Into th«
Pacific Oc-ean in 'search of marine spcclmena
of animal life. The party will leave San
Francisco on the Kish Commission steamer
Albatross October 1 and visit durinr the ex
pedition Panama, the Galapagos Islands, Cal
laa, Easter Island and Acapulco before re
turning to San Francisco.
Professor F. B. Dresslar of the department
of pedagogry has returned to the university
after having spent the last six months in
Eastern and European travel. *
Miss Margaret Henderson. "04. has accepted
the invitation of Mills College to occupy the
place of instructor In natural history.
The football eleven will not secure the ser
vices of Bartlett I. Thane as an assistant
coach this year, as he has found it necessary
to en to the Klondike to take charge of some
irininp Interests.
BERKELEY, Aug. 10.— With the
money that William H. Crocker has
presented to the University of Cali
fornia for the purpose of observing
the total eclipse of the sun next Aug
ust the astronomical department will
f.t out three expeditions. The parties
will compose separate camps in Lab
rador, Spain and Arabia. The eclipse
¦will be on exhibition for 3»4 minutes.
The expenses of the expeditions will
be $7000.
The Labrador expedition will ob
ferve the shadow path of the sun first,
as it will begin at sunrise August 13 at
a* point south of Hudson Bay and will
enter the Atlantic Ocean a short dis
tance north of Newfoundland. It will
appear again on land in the north
eastern part of Spain and will travel
across the Mediterranean, over North
eastern Algiers. Northern Tunis and
will end at sunset in Northeastern
Arabia. The duration of the totality
In Labrador, Spain and Arabia will be
£'*:. 3*4 and 2 3-5 minutes respectively.
William II. Crocker's Gift Will Be
I'sed to Fit Ont Throe Foreign
Expeditions.
VXrVERSlTV WILL SEND
MEN TO WATCH ECLIPSE
ALAMEDA, Aug. 10. — Fire to-night
burned the Graham stables, owned by
r: H. McMillan, on Sherman street,
near Central avenue. Twenty-two
horses perished and thirty-five vehi
cles, with harness, hay and grain, were
destroyed. The large two-story frame
building occupied by the stables was
swept clean.
Besides this loss a two-stoiy frame
building adjoining the stables, owned
by Frank Moulton of Palo Alto and
occupied by Frank Tern pieman, was
badly injured. Two cottages owned
and occupied by Antone Vaccarezza
at 1416 and 1418 Sherman street were
damaged, as was C. A. Fortner's res
idence at 1217 Central avenue, owned
by Syz & Co. of San Francisco.
The total loss is $20,0001 From the
stables ten horses and four or five
vehicles were saved. McMillan's loss
will reach $15,000 to $17,500. Fire
men had great difficulty in handling
the flames. The only steam fire en
gine Alameda owns was in a repair
shop and out of commission. The de-*.
partment was compelled to work
with the ordinary hydrant pres
sure, which was so low that a stream
of water would not reach the second
story of the burning buildings. It was
only by strdnuous effort that a disas
trous spread of the five was prevented.
The fire broke out in a room in the
stable occupied by the employes as a
sleeping apartment.
Al Bray, a stableman, saw the sud
den outbreak at 9:45 o'clock. He- was
at the rear of the big barn. Bray ran
to the firehouse, not fifty feet away, on
Sherman street and gave the alarm.
The hose company responded quickly,
but the whole structure was afire be
fore the water was in service. A gen
eral alarm was sounded and brought
the entire department po the scene.
Volunteers tried to save the live stock,
but not more than one-third of the
horses escaped. Most of these, as well
as the vehicles and harness destroyed,
belonged to individuals who kept their
stock at the stable. The fire made such
headway that the firemen ex*erted
themselves to save the neighboring res
idences. Insurance was carried on the
damaged dwellings. McMillan's insur
ance could not be ascertained. The
cause of the fire is not known.
Sco;*e of Animals, With
Many Vehicles and Large
Stock "of Feed, Consumed
, Dr. Peixotto will lecture on con
temporary-socialism and the history
of socialism, in which he will review
the methods of contemporary social
istic parties and examine the antece
dents " of contemporary socialism. The
instruction in the department will in
clude, finally, lectures on agriculture
by Professor Ehvood Mead of the irri
gation department, on the commerce
of China and Japan by Professor John
Fryer, on. the methods of modern
charities and corrections by Professor
ISrnest C. Moore and on insurance by
Albert \V. Whitney.
Assistant Professor "Wesley C.
Mitchell will offer a new course in
"International Exchanges," in which
he will consider foreign bills, prices,
international trades, foreign invest
ments and shipments. Professor
Mitchell will also assist Professor
Aliller in the course on the principles
of economics, and repeat his lectures
on banking v money, the labor prob
lem and econom'c origins.
Dr. Simon Litman, instructor in
commercial practice, will offer two
new courses, one touching upon busi
ness forms and practice and the other
upon customs tariffs and regulations.
His other courses will be discussions
of modern industrial processes, the
technique of trade and transporta
tion.
The department has been greatl>
strengthened by, the addition of Pro
fessor Henry Rand Hatileld and Pro
fessor Jessica . B. Peixotto to the
teaching staff. Professor Hatfield's
courses will deal 1 with commercial
geography, the geography of interna
tional trade, the history of commerce,
practical banking, the principles of
accounting and the investment mar
ket.. Professor 'Hatfleld is "an au
thority, on thp subject of commercial
accounting and was lately called from
the University of Chicago to accept
the post of associate professor of ac
counting. ' '.:';¦;:
BERKELEY, Aug. 10. — In response
to the rapidly increasing enrollment
in the college of commerce of the Uni
versity of California the work of the
department of economics has been
completely reorganized for the next
term. Announcement was made to
day of many new courses in economics
with direct and practical application
to the needs of modern industrial life.
These courses will be of great inter
est, however, not only to students who
are fitting themselves for banking, in
surance, commerce, manufacturing
and exploitation of natural resources,
but also to the theoretical student.
Professor Carl C. Plehn, dean of
the college of commerce, will offer
during the year a new course in the
"History and : Theory of Prices," in
which he will discuss the methods of
scientific investigation applicable to a
study of prices and the causes of their
fluctuations. In addition he will give
courses in American agriculture, the
economics of industry, public finance,
statistics and railway transportation.
The course which he gave last year
in the history of economic science will
this year be given by Professor
Adolph C. Miller, who has arranged
that Professor Plehn shall take his
course in railway transportation.
The work in economics will be
completed by the highly important
courses to be given by the head of
the department, Professor Miller of
the chair of political economy and
commerce. Besides the course in the
history of economics he will offer a
new elementary course in the intro
duction of economics and will repeat
his old courses in the principles of
economics, the financial history of the
United States, and advanced econom
ics.
HORSES PERISH
IN THE FLAMES
OAKLAND. Aug. 10.— With a larjje ma
jority nt Oakland women charity is something
more than a name and whenever a worthy
cause needs their aid. In the language of the
strtet, they are "there with the goods." It
Is a little early in the season for benefits,
but peverty and n-eed has no season, so the
ladies of tl>e Wtst Oakland Home have begun
active preparations lor an affair whereby they
may coax a few dollars from an ever sym
pathetic public for their r>st charity, the In
stitution where friendless or orphaned little
ones p.re sheltered In West Oakland. There
Is no more deserving charity in this city and
the recent additions and other improvements
have depleted the treasury, and the society
wemen interested in the home have responded '
quickly to a call for aid.
The benerlt will take the form of a whist
tournament at Maole Hall on the evenine of
the 2t;th. A number of prizes well worth play
inj; for have already been, secured and every
thing will be done for the comfort and enjoy
mpnt^cf the guests. \
Mrs; Eu*rene Van Court is chairman of the
arrangements committee, her assistants being
Mrs. 1. A. Biretta. Mrs. W. A. Schrock, Mrs.
H. B. Mehrmann, Mrs. F. W. Sharp, Mrs.
II. D. Row?. Miss Margaret Hamilton and
Miss Grace Trevor.
'• r *\
Thorndale. the pretty Piedmont home of the
Wickliam Haven?, was the scene of a delight
ful little affair to-day, wh?n Mrs. Havens en
tertained a dozen friends at luncheon. Tiger
lilies, in all their gorgeous crimson loveliness,
graced the table After luncheon th° guests,
wno were mostly members ol a card club
which plays together every winter, . took
naturally to their accustomed sport and en-
Joyed several eames of five hundred. The
party included Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld, Miss
Carrie Nicholson, Miss Gertrude Allen, Mrs.
James P. H. Dunn, Mrs. John Henry Dleck
mann. Mrs. Oscar Fitzalan Long, Mrs. Charles
Bamcson of San Mateo, Mrs. Albert A. Long,
M'rs Belle Nicholson, 'Mrs. Edward W. Engs,
Mrs. David Proctor. 'Mrs. Robert S. Knight
and Miss Edith Gasklll.
• • •
To-mcrrow Mrs. J. "Walter Scott will . be
hostesc at a unique and original affair in
honor 'of Miss Florence Brown, the charming
young fiancee of Dr. W. S. Porter. Mrs. Scott
has Jt'.st returned from -an unusually interest
ing trip to Tahiti and has many delightful
reminiscences to give and many curious things
to show of those South Sea islands, about
which a. romantic atmosphere seems always to
rest.
Cards are out for the marriage of Mlsa
Leila Hazel Daly, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
J. E. Daly, and Herbert Arnold Smith, the
popular young tenor of the First Methodist
Church ' choir. It is to be a home wedding
and, as Mlsa Daly is said to be ,a very pretty
girl, she will doubtless make an unusually
lovely bride. September 1 is the date set for
the wedding and when the honeymoon Is over
the happy couple will reside at Twenty-fourth
and Webster streets.
' • -" • "«'- • '-•'
Mrs. Will Magee will again entertain at
luncheon next Friday, this time in honor of
Mrs. Charles Minor Cooper, who was Miss Ella
Goodall.
Another Friday affair will be complimentary
to Miss Elva Shay, whose engagement to
Stephen Trlpp was one of the summer an
nouncements. Mrs. Frank Shay, the mother
of the young bride-to-be, will be hostess. The
afternoon will be devoted to cards and about
thirty guests have been Invited.
* • • •
The Lackies 1 dinner for Mr. and Mrs. Her
bert Gaskill is on the cards for to-morrow
night and to-morrow also, in the afternoon,
Mrs. Frederick Page Cutting and Miss Eliz
abeth McNcar will each preside over informal
affairs.
*. • •
Mr. and M«. George W. Dornin and Miss
Helen Dornin have returned from McCray's,
where they have been spending the summer.
The Haydens are also home from the same
place. Mies Sevilla Hayden is an expert
ewimmer and horsewoman and, as she took
her own horse to Cloverdale with her, she en-
Joyed many a canter through the beautiful
little valley in which McCray's Is located.,
Quite a number of Oaklanders are going to
McCray'a to celebrate the birthday anniver
sary of the famous bonlface, who Is dear to
every man, woman and child who has ever
fallen under the spell of the genial person
ality. The anniversary has become an event
that is annually attended by friends from near
and far. A barbecue is always the principal
feature and this year a vaudeville entertain
ment and "Hooligan party" is being planned
by the cuests.
'-_'. • : ¦' • .' • '
Mrs. Lucy May Hayes has returned from an
extended visit in Kings City.
'*'•'* • - i
The Coogang are home again, after a de- ,
lightful sojourn at McCray's. Miss Marjorle
Coogan has been visiting the Chlckerlngs in
Los Anzeles.
• • •
¦ Mrs. George Cope and family are back from
Ito.wardennan. Miss Georgie Cope expects to
leave shortly <for New York to pursue her vocal
btudles.
• • •
. Mrs. William High, after spending the sum
mer In Brookdale. is home again.
• • •
The Frederick Strattons are back from their
Shasta trip.
•• ¦ • • •
Mrs. F. E. Lohmann of New York, formerly
a resident of Oakland for more than thirty
years, is visiting her son, Edward H. . Lah
mann. Mrs. • Lohmaan has spent the last -few
years abroad. • . *
• • •
Carl Seulberger of East Oakland has re
cently returned from a six weeks' trip through
the Lake Tahoe region. Mr. Seulberger was
accompanied by Allen Howard and Clyde Fin
ger of the University of California.
By Zoe Green Itxulcliffe.
New Courses Offered in the
College of Commerce.
at" University.
WORTHY CHARITY
PROF. CARL, C. PLEHN, DEAN OF
COLLEGE OF COMMERCE, UNI
VERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
To the Prir.rlpaJj of the Oakland School De
jwrtment: The City Attorney advises that it
\* sufficient lor a principal to examine a
••hiia to determine whether or nor such child
has been ncceaBtnlly vaccinated. At the re
quest of parents principals will hereaftf-r ex
amine children, and if satisfactory evidence
oY eucceseful vaccination is found give the
child a certificate to this effect, and other
, prtupipal* in the Oakland School Department
¦will accept such certificate as natififaciory evi
dtnee of successful vaccination.
• OAKLAND, Aug. 10. — Superintend
ent J. W. McClymonds of the School
Department said to-day that before
the week closes the schools will have
received more than their quota of pu
pils. The Superintendent explained
that the vacant seats are rapidly fill
ing and that the setback to enroll
ment because of the vaccination order
appears to be only temporary. Partial
reports from the schools to-day show
that normal conditions have been
reached and that there will be over
crowding in some of the buildings.
In connection with the vaccination
order City Attorney McElroy has giv
en an opinion, at the request of Su
perintendent McClymonds, that prin
cipals of schools may determine by
personal examination whether the ap
plicant for enrollment has been vac
cinated. Following is an order that
was issued to-day by the Superintend
ent:
Superintendent MfCIjiuonds An
?Donors Tl.iat Prinripals May
Certify as to Vaccination.
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE
IS AT NORMAL RATE
Wost Oakland Park. $30,000; Sixth Ward
Park. flO.OCO; Second Ward Park. $"J5 000: De
Fremwy Park, $95,000: Sather Park. $150,000;
Independence Park. $20,000; Bushrod Park,
J.'tt.OHJ; park south of Twellth-«treet dam.
$1M,COO; park west side of Lake Merritt,
$100,000; Improvements for Fame, $50,000; bou
levard, $115,000; extension of boulevard
from ftation II, $.V),CO0; boulevard be
tween Twentieth and Twenty-fourth, on west
nide of lake, $C5,OOO; Improvements of Lake
Merritt. $50,000; City Hall. $375,000; «lte for
rame. $250,000; furnishing City Hall, $25,000;
bituminous cross walks throughout the city,
$100,000; improvements In free library, $15,000;
etone culverts. $50,000; city wharf Improve
ments. $15,000; extension of main lake sewer
to low water. $70,000; east side sewer exten
sions. $20,000: extension of Twenty-flrst ave
nue sewer, $20,000; Polytechnic High School,
$150,000: Cemetery Creek improvements, $80,-
O00— making In all a total ol $2,518,000.
The campaign for the bond issue for
Oakland improvements has begun,
though the City Council has not yet
formally called the election. In com
mittee session the Council has de
cided that the bond election shall be
held September 27 and at the meeting
on Monday next this action will be
regularly taken. All of the other pre
liminary work has been done and
there now remains nothing 1 but a cam
paign of a little more than six weeks
in which to impress upon the voters
of Oakland the necessity for the pro
posed improvements.
A regular campaign will be under
taken by the city officials of Oakland
and the various improvement societies
and organizations interested in the ad
vancement of the city. All of such
societies will hold meetings before
the bond election, at which members
of the City Council and city officials
will be requested to explain the pro
posed bond issue and the reasons for
its adoption.
The first general meeting for the
central portion of Oakland will be
held August 16 under the auspices of
the Oakland Board of Trade. This
will be the regular quarterly meeting
of the board and they will resolve it
into a bond meeting. The officers of
all the local improvement societies
have been Invited to be present and
the plan is to start a series of meet
ings in all sections of the city and to
carry on an active campaign that will
induce every voter in the city to cast
his ballot September 27.
The first actual meeting in favor of
bonds was held last night in the
Union-street Presbyterian Church.
The meeting was called by the Men's
League of that church for a discus
sion of the matter, but there was very
little discussion, for the members
seemed to all be of one mind and that
for the bonds. Addresses were made
by George W. Dornin, president of the
Oakland City Council, *and Edwin
Meese, "chairman of the Street Com
mittee of that body. Dornin showed
that if all the bonds were voted it
would add $3 25 in taxes to each
thousand dollars' worth of property
in Oakland for the first year and that
this would be reduced as the bonds
were paid off and property values
rose. He believed that the increased
valuation of Oakland property caused
by the investment of the bond money
would meet, to a large extent, the in
crease of actual taxes. January 1
next Dornin said that the bonded in
debtedness of Oakland would only be.
$252,500. This would leave an avail
able bond credit of $5,000,000, which
could be raised for a water plant if
the people thought best.
Dornin explained that every item
in the bond issue was separate and
could be so voted for or against except
a few small parks, which were
grouped. The items in the bond is
sue are:
Oakland Office San Francisco Oall,
¦-.. •;' 1016 Broadway, Aug. 10.
\Ybeo the story of the robbiry of the
Mein home «a? first published Oraee
M< Xaughton was at Larkrpur in com
jany with one Clary, a det^rtive. The
warrant was not sworn to by Mrs.
Mtin until some days later, and In the
nieantilue the girl has disappeared.
Every effort is to be made by Constable
Hempstead to effect her arrest, and
descriptions will be sent throughout
the- State.
The disappearance of Grace Me
• Naughton. the girl accused by Mrs.
Thomas Mein. living at Lake and Jack
son streets, of having stolen ?1000 worth
of finery and jewels, has led to the of
fering of a reward of 525 by Constable
. Hert Hempstead for any information
liiafwill lead to her arrest. Since the
warrant for the girl's arrest has been
In the hands of Hempstead sh? has
<I«orped out of sight, and the question
Of where she is and who is aiding her
to *5ude the officers is a matter of ppec
¦ uidtion.'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 10.
The j*ry failed to take this view of
the case. Robinson says he put the
money in a bureau drawer when he
went out one night and found on re
turning that his room had been ran
sacked by thieves and the money
stolen. He refused to make the loss
good, and suit was brought against the
company, his surety, for the amount.
The plea that Robinson was not re
sponsible was held not to be a good de
fense, because bondsmen are for pro
tection* against loss without reference
to the manner in which the loss may be
occasioned. '
By a verdict rendered to-day the Fi
delity Deposit and Trust Company of
Maryland is held responsible for the
sum of- $269 22 lost by W. H. Robinson,
former treasurer of Athens Camp No.
457, Woodmen of the World, and must
pay this amount to the camp, as well
as costs, amounting to $17 in the Jus
tice's Court, and 82 in the Superior
Court. The money, it was claimed by
Robinson, was stolen from his room,
and the surety company made the de
fense that it could not be held respon
sible for ikmething not the result of
the act of Robinson.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 10.
The pall-bearers were C. R. Lord and
Joseph McClain, representing the Ma
sons; F. L. Ryus and John Woolley,'
Odd Fellows; R. W. Good and M. J.
Congdon, Knights of Pythias; Drs. F.
R. Woolsey, H. N. Rowell, Winslow
Anderson, W. F. Southard, D. A. Hodg
head and H. A. Thomas.
At the cemetery the services were
conducted by Berkeley Lodge of Odd
Fellows. The quartet - sang there
"Nearer, My God, to Thee," and "Fare
well."
The services at the bier were con
ducted in Odd Fellows* Hall by Durant
Lodge of Masons, which claimed Dr.
Payne in brotherhood*. Walter A. Gom
pertz, master of the lodge, directed the
ceremonials and was assisted by the
other officers of the lodge in full re
galia. The Oakland Masonic Quartet
sang "The Eternal Goodness," "Fallen
Asleep'.' and "Good Night, I Am Going
Home," and there was a solo by Alfred
Wilkie, who gave "Be Thou Faithful
Unto Death."
Services of a most impressive charac
ter marked the funeral to-day of Dr.
Frank Howard Payne, the former
health official and well known practic
ing physician, who died on Tuesday, a
sacrifice to his charity and fidelity to
his profession. Masons and Odd Fel
lows and other friends joined in paying
tribute and gave inspiring testimony
of regard for a noble life departed.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214$ Center Street. Aug. 10.
cratic party will have undisputed con
trol of the convention of that party.
The Democratic vote was so small,
however, that a very few votes would
have swung the party control either
way. In the Forty-ninth Assembly
District there were only 55 votes cast
for both Democratic county tickets
and only 47 votes for both Democratic
Slate tickets. The Laymance-English
ticket won the county fight by a vote
of 35 to 20 and they won the State
fight by a vote of 30 to 17.
There has been no discussion about
Democratic nominees, the fight being
solely for control of the party ma
chinery.
In the Republican party all contests
are likely to be smoothed over and the'
following ticket nominated without
opposition:
Congress — J. R. Knowland.
State Senator — Thirteenth District.
J. G. Mattos Jr.; Fourteenth District.
W. M. Simpson; Ffiteenth District. G.
K. Lukens.
Assembly — Forty-sixth District, J.
G. Strowbridge; Forty-seventh Dis
trict, J. Clem Bates; Forty-eighth Dis
trict, Phil M. Walsh: Forty-ninth Dis
trict. J. J. Burke; Fiftieth District, J.
A! Bliss; Fifty-nrst District, R. H. E.
Espey; Fifty-second District, W. H.
Wnste.
Supervisors — First District, C. P.
Homer; Fourth District. H. D. Rowe;
Fifth District, John^Mitchell.
IN UNDISPUTED CONTROL.
The indications are that the Lay
mance-English faction of the Demo-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. [
1016 Broadway, Aug. 10.
John Mitchell won his light for the
Republican nomination Tor Supervisor,
but there is going to be no friction in ,
the Republican party as a result of that
victory if he and his friends can help t
it. The battle was a stubborn one and
hard fought in every precinct. Leaders
were arrayed against leaders on each
side, and there was bitterness in some
sections, but simply because two Re
publicans came together in a hard
fought primary is not considered to be
any reason why the fight should be con
tinued. As a result ol this feeling there
were several little private conferences
last night and to-day. Several of the
-victorious leaders talked with several
of the defeated leaders, with the result
that the wounds of battle are rapidly
healing, and by the time the Presiden
tial election is here the party will bo
more united in Alameda County than
it has been for many years.
These conferences were informal, and
personal rather than official, but they
all tended to harmony in the future.
Those who talked matters over were
Guy C. Earl, Charles E. Snook, Charles
H. Spear and A. H. Breed of the Mitch
ell forces, and County Clerk J. f. Cook,
his chief deputy George Pierce, J. Cal
Ewing and a number of others repre
senting the Randolph forces. Both sides
expressed conciliatory sentiments. The
Mitchell managers frankly said that '
they wanted the Randolph men to get
behind the ticket and expressed a de
sire to give the defeated side full recog
nition in the convention and in the fu
ture. The Randolph men met them in
the same spirit. As there are no county
officers to be nominated this year ex
cept three Supervisors, and the county
convention when a county ticket is to
be put up is still two years away, it is
likely that the hatchet will be buried.
rcturns canvassed.
The canvass of the returns of yes
terday's primary election was begun
by the Supervisors to-day.* It is a
complicated and tedious task, owing
to the multiplicity of parties and the
contesting tickets within each party.
Only the Forty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict and the portions of the Fiftieth
and Fifty-second districts comprised
in the Fifth Supervisorial District
were canvassed, these covering the
two Republican contests.
This canvass showed that John
Mitchell carried the entire Fifth Su
pervisorial District by a majority of
120, including the Fiftieth Assembly
District and West Oakland. In the
Fiftieth Assembly District, where the
hardest fight was, he had a majority
of 102, while in the Forty-ninth As
sembly District he had a majority of
30. There were two precincts of the
Fifty-second Assembly District in his
Supervisorial district, of which he lost
Golden Gate by 64 votes and carried
Feralta by 20.
The vote for Assemblyman In the
Forty-ninth District was about as
close as it could well be, there being
a difference of just three votes in the
total in that district. ; Those three
votes were in favor of Morris Flynn,
but as the Assembly district was di
vided into election precincts, J. J.
Burke carr>d a majority of the dele
gates and will get the nomination.
This peculiar condition was caused by
the fact that Flynn carried only one
precinct in his district, his home pre
cinct, but he carried that by a
phenomenal vote, and Burke carried
a majority of the voting precincts,
each, by a small majority. This ma
jority was so small in one precinct, a
portion of the Fourth Ward, that
Flynn elected one delegate out of the
eight apportioned to that place,
Burke elected six, while three dele
gates were tied for the eighth vote.
This will give Burke 21 1-3 delegates
and Flynn 10 2-3 delegates in the en
tire district.
President of the Town Coun
cil Furnishes Some Sub
stantial Facts and Figures
Claim That Former Insured
Treasurer Was Blameless
Is Held- Not Good Excuse
Last Tribute to Memory of
Lamented Physftiiah of
5 an ImpressiVe Character
Democrats Cust but Few
Votes and the Layniance-
English Faction Triumphs
M. and Eliza E. Rlnehardt (wife) to Calvin
R. Shaw (single), lot 12 and N 15 feet of lot
11. block A. Bella Vista Park. East Oakland;
|U>.
Calvin R. Shaw to Annie E. Shaw (wife).
sam». East Oakland; gift.
Frederick H. and Virginia F. Deakln to
Luella F. Black, lot on W line of Shattuclc
avenue. 60.06 S of Berkeley way, S 49.20, XV
105.50. etc.. N' 43. E 1CJ. portion lots 57 and
08. College Tract. Berkeley: $10".
Howard and Mary E. Morrison to Elmlra
Grigsby. lot on W line of Mary street, 50 N
of Bancroft way. N 5O by W 130. let 11, block
11. McGee Tract, portion plat 67. etc.. Berke
ley: $10.
Reuben "W. and Casaie M. Roble to Samuel
Hirst, lot on W line of Walnut street. 333.1 S
of Cedar. S 40 by W 127. portion lot 21, block
C, Percy Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Annie 'Winaross (femme sole) to Emilie
Blersch. lot on S line of Dwight way. ISO W
of Ellsworth street. W BO by S 135 lot 4.
block 1454 Berkeley property, maps No». 1
and 2. Blake Tract, portion plat 69 etc..
Berkeley: $10.
Anna Schmltt (widow) to Berth* Schmitt
(daughter), lot .on W line of Seventh (Web
ster) street as same now exists. 330 S of
Railroad avenue. S 70 by W 121:11. Alameda;
gift.
Henry J. and Susie R. Anderson to Fred B.
Foster, lot on E line of West street, 50 S of
Thirty-seventh. 8 23 by E 1C0.3S. lot 12. block
A, map Major Given' Tract. Oakland: $10.
Anjelette J. Breck (widow) to Continental
Paint and Varnish Company, let on N line of
East Twelfth street. 50 W of Nineteenth ave
nue. W ICO by N 140. lots 7 to 10. block 11,
San Antonio. East Oakland; $10.
J. B. ripencer to Nancy Spencer twite), lot
on S line- of San Jose avenue U(X> W of Oak
street, W 50 fcy s 150. lot. 14. In E half of
blork P. lands adjacent to Encinal Alameda;
gift.
John C. O'Brien (wiriower) to Alice Lucas
(daughter), lot on E line of Center street, si
S of West Fifth. E 34:4 S 41. W 34 :L*. N 4».
portion of lot 1, block 472. map double bloclc
472 (first party reserves use and occupancy
during his life). Oakland; gift.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Felix G. Simpson, lot on N line cf Joy
street. 15S.80 E of Telegraph or Humboldt ave
nue. E 40 by X 100. lot 6 and portion of lot 7.
block G. map resubdlvlsion Roberts & Wolfakill
Tract. Oakland: *10.
Max W. Koeni* to John W, Haberly. lot on
S line of Forty-fourth street. 290 E of West,
E 50 by S 100, ,lot 9. block 2099. Alden Tract,
at Temescal (recorded August 9. 1904). Oak
land; $10.
John and Frieda Meyer (wife) to F. Reich
hold, lot 4. block D, Golden Gate Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Arthur H. and Caroline H. Dreed to Adeline
M. Gould (wife of Frederick), lot W 22:6 of
lot 3«5»i and E 7:tt of lot 5tt, amended map of
subdivision of Mosswood Tract. Oakland: $10.
Lulu A. and J. A. Anderson to William and
Emma Thompson, lot on N line of Seventh or
Railroad avenue, 150 E of Union street. M
1^7:5, E 21, S U":.*!. W 21, block 535. Board
men's map, Oakland: $10.
A. C. and Au2U3ta C. Johnson (wife) t>
Lizzie Medau (wife of G.), lota 19 to 21, block
J. Broadway Terrace. Oakland; $10.
William II. and Fannie H. C. Hardy (wife)
to Anna Valenzuela (widow), lots C and 7,
b'ock E, Knowles and Potter subdivision of
Kennedy Tract. East Oakland; $10.
Adolph and Ilelene S. or Helena S. Meyer
(wife) to Dora Bartels (widow), lot on W
line of Grove street, 130 S of Thirty-seventh.
S 3 by W 125. portion of lot 13. block A. map
of Apgar Tract, portion of plat 37. Oakland;
?1O.
A. A. Fink (sinsle) to J. A. T. Nelson, lot
2t. block «:. Tract B. Berkeley Land and Towa
Improvement Association, Berkeley: $10.
Rosa M. Shattuck and John W. Havena
(wiriower) to Xiobert Beatty (widower), lot on
S line of Parker street. 440 E of Mllvtat E 50
by S 120. V5. lot 1». block 11. map No. t .>f
Shattuck Tract, deed given to correct 966 D.
44;:. deed and agreement, Berkeley: >IO.
Mary C. Barker, by J. L. Barker, attorney,
or James L. Barker, to Caroline Deike (singlet,
lot on S line of Haste street. ICO W of Milvia,
W SO by S 133, lot 7. block K. amended map
cr blocks 5 and «S. Barker Tract. .Berkeley;
$100.
Georgiarna or Ceorgianne de Rohan Baroni
dies to Alice Connor, lot 17. block 1.1. Home
Park Tract, a resubfiivislon of blocks l'-l to
16, I. M. Went worth Boot and Shoe Company' •
Tract. Berkeley: ?1O.
Louisa L. G. Dunnlsan <Blanch<*tte) to Mary
Blanchette (widow) lot on SE cornrr of Berke
ley way and Sherman street. S 45 by E 1:U.6.1.
lot 0, map of Twitchell Tract. Berkeley, $10.
Mary L. Swain (widow) to Adam and Mary
C. Guenther. lot on E line of Milvia street.
175 N of Cedar. ZU20 by E l.'50.75. lots 5 to 7.
map of subdivision of plan of Sprague &
Swain property in block 7. Grave>« & Taylor
Tract, warranty deed. Berkeley ; $^2Crt.
Adam and Mary C. Guenther (wife> to I>. L.
and Addle D. Juneck. same. Berkeley: $10.
George A. and Hannah Fisher to Adam and
Mary C. Guenther (wife), lot t, Werner Tract,
excepting portion included in extension of
Grove street as per iiXft X>. 2t;7, Berkeley; $10.
Alameda Connty.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
•
Has Disappeared and Author
ities Seem Unable to
Ascertain Where She Is
GIRL CANNOT BE FOUND
DORNIN MAKES A TALK
THEFT NOT A DEFENSE
MANY GATHER AT GRATE
Meetings Are Being Planned
to Include All Sections
of the City of Oakland
Constable Hempstead Offers
$25 for Clew to Wherea
bouts of Grace McNaughton
VERY CLOSE CONTESTS
Backers of Mitchell Make
Overtures to the Friends
of Defeated Randolph
Funeral of Dr. F. H. Payne
of Berkeley Conducted by
Masons and Odd Fellows
Surety Company Must In
demnify the Athens Camp
for Sum of Money Stolen
WILL PAY FOR
INFORMATION
WOODMEN WIN
THEIR ACTION
BOND CAMPAIGN
IS UNDER WAY
FRIENDS MOURN
AT HIS BIER
LEADERS WANT
PARTY HARMONY
GROWING ROLL
CAUSES CHANGES
IN DEPARTMENT
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN -FRANCISCO." CALL,-'. THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1904.
True patriotism never thinks of the
premiums.
MERCHANTS' -EXCHANGE WILL PAR
TICIPATE.—Oakland. Aug. 10.— The directors
of the Merchants' Exchange have accepted an
invitation from the Labor day celebration com
mittee to take part , in the parade on Monday,
September 5. : The secretary . will ascertain the
number of . carriages needed an* notify the
celebration - committee, which, has promised
to furnish all the carriages necessary.
RAILROAD CAR THIEVES WORK.—Oak
land, Aug.;10. — 8. D. Holmes,' a Pullman Car
Company , employe, had a valise - containing a
bankbook and other effects, stolen ' from a car
ia the - West Oakland railroad ¦ yard; yesterday.
KiCYCLn THIKr ARRESTED. -- OAK
UA.XD. Aug. 10.— Adrian Heller, 19 y#ar» eld,
l.tm »*en <-harc*d viih tteetltiK « Mryelr: the
T*«-.;.*:rty of i.-;vif UaMiaii. 1226 Broadway.
Jle'AfT uas arrfKtfi by iM-i>«ut of Police
Frank L> r.< h. The prisoner confessed to ' the
vbelt. •- ¦ ' . . -. . „ ,„-.
4
$500- $500
Worth of the
FRESHEST' AND BEST
COFFEE
DISTRIBUTED FREE BY THE
CALL
TO ITS WANT AD PATRONS.
A pound can of
J. A. FOLOER'S GOLDEX
GATE COFFEE
WILL BE GIVEN FREE
TO EVERY WANT
ADVERTISER
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Only one can of this high
class coffee will he jjiven to a
want advertiser, and none but
those presenting ' a bona fide
want ad to the business office of
tills paper on Thursday, Friday
and Saturday for Insertion hi
THE WANT COLUMJfS*
OF NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Will be entitled to receive this
premium.
Sec announcement, classified
pases.
OAKLAND.
. 1016 Broadwny.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North "7.
, ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
#
ADVERTISEMENT'S.
A RECOMMENDATION .
Of our work will be given by any one ot
the many we have successfully treated.
All are well pleased beeaase all are well
sti ved.
OTJB TEETH OUT PLATES
Are the highest achievement of that
branch of . ,
DENTISTRY-
They look well and wear well. Perform
all" the functions of the natural teeth
with comfort to the wearer. -
Full Set on Rubber, $3.00.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TA-3TX.OB ST., SAX FSASTCISCO.
973 Washington St., Oakland.
JSan Joia. • • • Sacrsuneato.Jules of 315 Pin* St. Is In no way con
nected - frith - any uptown restaurant. * * *
BITTEN BY DOG.— Ruswll Brady, an 8
year-old boy. wan severely bitten by a vicloua
dot? at McAllister and Webster streets last
nl=hU i
WILl. GIVK A BENEFIT CONCERT.— The
I^uther League, of the Swedish Lutheran
Church, Fifteenth and Dolores streets, win
give a concert in the church parlors next
Wednesday for the benefit of the church fund.
Charles "vV. Clark, the son of the
Montana millionaire Senator, was yes
terday sued for $500 alleged to be due
for expert services performed by H.
A. Brigham, who says that he was
engaged to examine the ,X-Ray mine
in Placer County In the interest of
young Clark.
Clark Sued by Expert.
Fast steamer H. J. > Corcoran Sunday,
Aug. 14. Leaves north end Ferry build
ing 9:30 a. m.: returns 7:30 p. m. Fare
round-trip. $1.00. Round-trip to Vallejo
or Glen Cove. 50c. Personally conducted.
Positively no gambling permitted. For
regular weekly schedule see time table.
Piper, Aden, Goodall Co. *~
Family Excursion to Rio Vista.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— The following
Californtans have registered in New
York:
From San Francisco— Dr. Darrin, at
the Park Avenue; Miss C. J. Flood, at
the Albemarle; Mrs. II. R. Foster, at
the Netherlands; S. Jacobs, at the
Grand Union; L. H. Mayhill, at the
Antoinette; W. Patterson and wife, at
the Astor; A. B. Tarpey and M. F. Tar
pey, at the Hoffman; C. M. Wall, at the
Antoinette; Mrs. G. Myers and W. C.
Spencer, at the Gils=ey. and F. A. Brooks
and wife, at the Vendome.
From Los Angeles— H. Mitchell and
G. Mitchell, at the Victoria; A. B.
Schlitz, at the Continental; P. Hopley,
at the Broadway Central, and R. A.
Smith and wife, at the Victoria.
From Riverside— B. Conneally and M.
Conneally, at the Kensington. •**'
From San Raf ael— S. T. Williams, at
the Holland.
From Sacramento — G. B. Lovdal and
A. W. Yoerk, at the Marlborough.
-From Stockton— G. F. Hudson, at the
Everett.
Californians in New York.
i FALLS FROM CAR. — T. Fukomotto, a Jap-
I' anesc, fell from a car at Turk and Larkin
.-*.r<< is last eight and sustained several eevere
wounds.
The five eons and one daughter of
Margaret G. Donnelly, who died on
June 26, 1903, from Injuries received
by being run over by a team belonging
to the Weston Basket and Manufac
turing Company yesterday sued the
concern for $5000 damages. The ac
tion is begun In the name of Charles
J. Donnelly as administrator of his
mother's estate. The sons allege that
the mother's voluntary services to
them were worth X20 a week.
Sue for Damages.
Charles H. Jones, stage manager of
Fischer's Theater, disappeared on
Tuesday afternoon. He is supposed
to have eloped with Miss Martha de
Roy, a chorus girl at the same theater.
Nothing v/as heard of the couple yes
terday. It is thought that they started
for Chicago. Jones is a married man
and has two daughters in the' show
i business.
Elopes With a Chorus Girl.
Those Who Know.
Those who know how glorious a vaca-
tion may be spent in Yosemite Valley
are reserving seats on the Santa Fe
stages connecting with daily trains from
San Francisco.. The Santa Fe rate for a
seven-day trip, with all expenses, is
$43.00. Ask about it at 6*1 Market st. •
Grace E. de Forest, daughter of Jo
seph de Forest, local manager of the
Sierra Lumber Company, was arrested
last night by Patrolmen Gorham and
Mylar on a warrant charging her with
insanity. The complaint upon which
the warrant was issued was sworn to
yesterday before Superior Judge Sea
well by the father. The unfortunate
young woman is highly accomplished
and it is the opinion of Mr. de Forest
that over-study and melancholia unbal
anced her mind. She fears that some
one seeks her life by poison and dur
ing the last two weeks her dementia
hus become acute. The Insanit3' Com
missioners will examine the woman
this morning.
Jacob Wiehn, a stonecutter of 225
Eighth street, was brought to the De
tention Hospital last night on com
plaint of his wife, who charges him
with insanity. Patrolman Annear,
vr.ho made the arrest, was met with a
perfect deluge of crockery when he
arrix^ed at the house and had some
dST3cuIry In subduing Wiehn. The de
mented man was In an asylum once
btfore.
Grace E. de Forest, Daughter of Man
ager of Prominent Lumber Con- j
cern. Taken Into Custody.
ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG WOMAN
IS A1UIESTED FOR INSANITY
Dearth of Clerk-Carriers.
The United States Civil Service
I Commission has been unable to secure
I sufficient eligibles to fill existing va
cancies in the postoffice service at Val
lejo and San Rafael. A special clerk
carrier examination has been an
nounced for San R.afael to be hold at
San Francisco August 27, and a spe
cial examination for Vallejo in that
city on August 27. Age limits, 18 to
45 years. Full information in regard
to these examinations can be secured
from the local secretaries at the
above named postoffices or from the
secretary. Thirteenth District, postof
fice, San Francisco. Applications
should be executed and filed with the
j secretary at San Francisco not later
than August 23.
Governor Goes North.
SACRAilENTO. Aug. 10. — Governor
George C Pardee left to-night for
Portland, Or., to inspect the California
eite at the Lewis and Clark Exposition
grounds. The Governor was accom
panied by Alfred Holman, editor of
the Sacramento Union; Senator R. T.
Devlin of fcacramento and W. F. Her
ria of San Francisco.
EL PASO. Tex.. Aug. 10.— A flood to-day
washed out ten miles of the Rock Island road
near Tucumcarl. N. Hex. The track Is on
light grade and can be rebuilt in a few days.
WASHINGTON, Aus. 10.— President Roose
velt to-day appointed It. H. Post of New York
secretary of Porto Rico and Erastus S. Rock
well of the District of Columbia auditor of
Porto Rico, to take effect on September 1.
L. W. Wakeley, general passenger
agent of the Burlington lines west of
Omaha, is at the Palace.
Thomas Derby, who is connected
with the New Almaden quicksilver
mines, Is a guest at the St. Francis.
Dr. Thomas E. Bryant of Los An
geles, who has been visiting Lake Ta
hoe, returned yesterday and la stay
ing at the St. Francis. •
| Banker George S. Nixon of Winne
mucca, who has been indorsed by the
Nevada Republicans for the nomina
tion of United States Senator, arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
J. M. Bidwell, assistant manager of
the American Smelter and Refining
Company, is here fronuSalt Lake and
registered at the Palace.
Giuseppe Chrostri of Rome, Italy,
is at the St. Francis. >
G. B. Claiborne, a banker of Stock
ton, is at the Occidental.
H. V. Keeling, an attorney of Lake
port, is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Caples of New
York are at the Palace.
T. J. Murphy, a prominent oil man
of Xeedles, is at the Palace.
A. C. Roscoe, manager of a hotel at
Fresno, is at the Occidental.
Paul Steffran and wife of the City
of Mexico are at the St. Francis.
C. M. Masson, a mining engineer of
Los Angeles, is at the Occidental.
Attorney Grove L. Johnson of Sacra
mento arrived at the Palace yesterday.
H. Anderson, a mining man of Chi
huahua, Mexico, and his wife are at the
Palace.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, Is registered at
the Palace.
J. O. Hayes of San Jose is at the Pal
ace.
Dr. W. E. Downing of Suisun is at
the Lick.
Dr. J. H. Bullard of Los Angeles is
at the Palace.
M. E. Sanborn, an attorney of Yuba
City, is at the Lick.
PERSONAL.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10. — Godfrey
Etocb. who tied from the Federal au
thorities nearly two years ago rather
than tell of his connection with the
alleged silk frauds which involved the
lirm of A. S. liosentha.1 & Co., is re
ported to have become insane and i9
now an inmate of a sanitarium in this
i^tate. His condition is sa.id to be
h<f|>;eless. Bloch. disappeared in Oc
tober, l»0 r 2, when the case was pend
.ir.g before the Grand Jury.
FUGITIVE FROM JUSTICE
IS bAlD TO BE INSANE
PARIS, Aug. 10.— T. E. Rozelle,
lessee of the Arlington Hotel, Wash
ington, D. C, died suddenly at the
Grand Hotel here to-day. Death was
due to the, rupture of an aneurism.
Hotel Man Dies In Paris.
DENVER, Aug. 10. — Information
was received to-day at the headquar
ters of the Western Federation of
Miners that the bondsmen for the men
arrested in connection with the Vic
tor riot of June last and who have
been released on bail have been noti
fied by a committee representing the
Citizens' Alliance and Mine Owners'
Association that unless they withdrew
from the bonds of the accused men
they would be deported. All.- the
bondsmen except one have called at
the office of the District Attorney and
asked to be relieved of their respon
sibility.
Sureties for tlie Victor Explosion Sus
pects Fear Deportation.
BONDSMEN ASK RELEASE.
RICHMOND. Ind.. Aug. 10. — Car
rie .Nation, the temperance advocate,
passing 1 through Indiana has
mailed a check lor J11C-0 to tlie Home
lor Wives of Drunkards at Topeka,
Kaiis., as a personal gift. Mrs. Nation
maintains her activity and she still
carries marks of the recent encounter
mrixh saloonisv in Kentucky when she
¦\\*s assaulted with a chair. •
CARRIE NATION MAKES
GUT TO KANSAS HOME
SAN JOSE, Aug. 9.— Jesus Arenas,
believed to be the oldest man in Cali
fornia, was buried here to-day. He
was a native of Mexico and between 118
and 120 years old. Arenas had been a
resident of California for over eighty
years. He served in the Mexican army
against Spain in the war of 1810.
Arenas was wounded with a saber in
the leg and was thanked by his Gov
ernment for bravery.
In the early twenties he came to
California. About the time of the dis
covery of gold Arenas took up a large
section of land which is now covered
with Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda.
There is no doubt that the man was
nearly 120 years of age.
Jesus Arenas, Who Was 120 Years
Old, Buried in San
Jose.
CALIFORNIA'S OLDEST
MAN PASSES AWAY
ALBANY, Aug. 10. — The Superin
tendent of the Insurance Department
reports that he has 'had a force of
twenty-five examiners engaged for
seven months in an examination of the
affairs of the New York Life Insur
ance Company, John A. McCall presi
dent. The company has no invest
ments in stocks of any kind. Its in
vestments of $352,000,000 are confined
to State, Government, municipal, rail
road and other bonds and bonds and
mortgages on improved real estate.
The company's annual statement is
verified as correct in every particular.
The New York Life, from the last an
nual report of the superintendent, has
the largest number of policy-holders,
S12.711; the largest amount of new
business, $326,000,000; the most insur
ance in force, $1,745,000,000, and the
largest premium income. $73,600,000,
and total income, $88,270,000, of any
regular life insurance company report
ing to the State Insurance Depart
ments. It was announced yesterday
In New York that the New York Life
had received its concession to trans
act business everywhere in the Ger
man empire. The New York Life is
the only one of the great American
life companies now authorized to do
business in Germany.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10. — Presi
dent Timothy Healy of the Interna
tional Brotherhood of Stationary
Firemen, this afternoon ordered a
sympathetic strike of the firemen in
the New York packing house. About
eighty-five men will go out under this
order.
Firemen Ordered Qnt.
Examiners Verify the Annual
Statement of the .New York
Life Insurance Company
NEW YORK. Aug. 10. — A carry-all.
containing four persons, was struck by
a Coney Island trolley car near the
Brighton Beach race track early to
day. One of the occupants was killed
and three were seriously hurt. The
carriage was wreck*4. The dead:
' THOMAS OSBORXE, clerk of the
Coney Island Police Court.
• 'Injured: Alderman Frederick Lundy,
probably will die; Charles Logan, hurt
internally: William McCane. hurt in
ternally.
VE PERSON IS KILLED
.AND THREE ARE INJURED
Collision Between Carry-All and Trol
ley Car Proves Disastrous to
Occupants of Carriage.
"This is my own, my native land"?
The climax was reached. Cheers re
sounded through the hall and by an
overwhelming majority the conven
tion decided that nothing should be
done to prevent members of the In
ternational Typographical Union fight
ing for the Stars and Stripes.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 10. — In the con
vention of the International Typo
graphical Union to-day there came up
the proposition that no member of the
International Typographical Union
shall enlist in the service of any State
in the United States as State guard,
militiaman or ranger, under the pen
alty of expulsion and being barred
from reinstatement. On this proposi
tion the committee on laws had re
ported As sentiment
against this unfavorable report arose
in the convention Delegate Anderson
of Macon, Ga., chairman of the com
mittee on laws, jumped to his feet.
When in a patriotic address he quoted
the famous lines of Sir Walter Scott:
Breathes ti^ere a man with sou! so dead
Who never to himself hath said:
Defeat Proposed "Law Forbidding
Union Men .Toinins Militia.
PRINTERS ARE PATRIOTIC.
Butchers' Union President Arrested.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Aug. 10. —
Charles Macguire, president of the
Butchers' Union and leader of the
packing house strike in Sioux City,
was arrested to-day on a charge * of
conspiracy to injure the business of
the Cudahy Packing Company.
The Pinkertons disappointed Mc-
Nab. He expected better service from
the detective agency than was given on
election day. The leader of the County
Committee forces has no thought of
compromise in dealing with his politi
cal adversaries. He asserts that the
regulars will organize the convention,
and that the Horses and Carts will not
have a look-in. He claims that the or
ganization has elected 100 of the 163
delegates.
The leaders of the regular Republi
can, organization are quite well sat
isfied with the result of the primary
election. According to the official can
vass Richard J. "Welch Is elected to the
State convention in the Thirty-second
District. Robert Gordon is elected to
the local convention. Welch headed
the opposition State ticket and Gordon
the opposition local in the district. The
organization elected all other delegates
In the Thirty-second.
rOOR DETECTIVE SERVICE.
The opulent, easy going deputies
were hugging the sweet delusion that
peace reigned In the party and no more
assessments would be required for a
year, when whizz, bang, came the fight
from the league, and every fellow hold
ing a good job at the City Hall had
to dig down for money to print pasters,
hire watchers and organize for re
sistance.
Regret Is expressed in the corral of
the Horses and Carts that some enter
prising repeater did not vote the name
of that distinguished but absent Demo
cratic statesman, James D. Phelan.
The Fays were voted at the sweet will
of the stuffer.
Gavin McNab has put on his war
paint. He asserts that steps have al
ready been taken by the Merchants'
Association to punish the men who
perpetrated frauds on election day, and
predicts that some of the offenders will
be sent to the penitentiary for fraudu
lent Voting.
The Call's statement yesterday morn
ing that McXab had won ninety-six and
O'Brien seventy-two of the 16S dele
gates to the local Democratic conven
tion is correct. There is nothing but hot
air in the claim that the Horses and
Carts will organize the convention.
James H. O'Brien claims delegates In
the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth districts
who were vigorously opposed on ele<>
tion day by Horse and Cart forces.
O'Brien was asked yesterday to name
two or three delegates in these dis
tricts who would go into the Demo
cratic League caucus, but declined to
give names on the ground that it would
expose the delegates to pressure from
the County Committee. The facts are
that O'Brien's following: In the conven
tion will not exceed sixty-eight and he
may encounter a, deal of trouble in
holding that number In line. The poli
ticians, however, agree that he put up
a good fight and compelled the Demo
cratic machine office holders and
attaches to hustle around and produce
the 'sinews of war.
DEPUTIES HAD TO DIG.
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday commenced the official count
of the returns In Tuesday's primary
elections and will conclude Its labors
to-day. Previous to beginning the
count the board canvassed the returns
from the 109th precinct in the Forty
fourth Assembly District, which had
not been Included in the results. The
regular Democratic ticket polled forty
one votes and the Democratic League
twenty-seven, making a total in the
district of 2S3 for McNab's ticket and
241 for the Horses and Carts.
Pierre Mairie Erneste Waldeck-
Kousseau was born at Nantes, France,
December 2, 1846, and was a son of
Rene Waldeck-Rousseau, at that time
a prominent member of the Assembly.
Waldeck-Rousseau studied at St.
Lazare, where he practiced for spme
time before settling at Rennes. There
he made his first entrance into poli
tics, being elected Deputy in 1879. He
then became prominent in the ranks
of the Republican Union, which was
very conspicuous in opening the way
for innovation an/1 the present Re
publicanism, and was considered one
of the most prominent orators of the
Assembly. His best known work was
for the reform of the judiciary.
He was re-elected on August 21.
1881, and on Xovember 14 of the same
year, although only 33 years old, was
admitted into Gambetta's Cabinet aa
Minister of the Interior. The short
lived Ministry of Gambetta did not
ofter a fitting chance to Waldeck-
Rousseau to prove his ability at that
time. The resignation of the Govern
ment took place on January 6, 1S82.
Having been offered the same port
folio in the succeeding Cabinet, .he ac
cepted and held it until 1885. In 18S6
he was elected a Senator. In 1888 he
v/as entered at the bar of Paris and
has since then pleaded some of the
most important cases of the time.
On June 22, 1899, Waldeck-Rous
seau was called upon to form his own
Ministry and after having been in of
fice for over three years he resigned
on June 1, 1902. Shortly after his
resignation as Prime Minister, havfng
b^en repeatedly taken ill with trouble
of the stomach — cancer, according to
some versions — Waldeck-Rousseau re
tired from public life.
No.thing but Wind in Boast
That Horses and Carts
Will Control Convention
M'NAB HOLDS
PARTY WORKS
- . Special Dispatch to Tfce Call.
SEATLE. Wash., Aug. 10. — Cor
nelius l!cL. Stoneman. a son. of former
tlovernor Stoneman of California, shot
" himself through the braiii r this morn
iv.S and died almost instantly. The
.Utath was a premeditated suicide, for
before firing the fatal shot the de
, spondent man addressed two letters
"To the Press," giving in a rambling
w'ay the cause of his suicide.
Stoneman was about 42 years old
' and hafl been employed by the Seattle
Cereal Company as engineer for the
: last two years. He held an engineer's
license issued by the city, which will
expire next December. tJtoneman was
..a single man and for several months
had been rooming at 61S Fifth avenue.
"Man's love and woman's perfidy" Is
cn» reason that he gives for his self
."tj^ 5 * 1 " 1 * 01 * 011 - ¦ Another is that he
'imagined himself to be a,-/obber and
"that temptations were beir.g put in
his "way every day in the hope that
lie would do something that would
: cause his arrest.
' Those who knew Stoneman best Bay
.that they believe his mind had be
f'come deranged. Others believe that
.lie has had trouble with women and
this le.d to his hurried end. All these
things he refers to in letters found in
liis pockets.
*At the odee of the Seattle Cereal
Company it was said to-day that
Ftonernan had not missed a day's
"vork'fince he was first employed by
the'- company two years ago. There
c h<» is paid to have been honest in all
Jiis dealings. Why he should imagine
j J hat- he was being watched as a thief
Is a mystery to the company, for it
• had" always regarded him aa entirely
. trustworthy and competent.
NO INVESTMENT
IN STOCKS
PARIS, Aug. 10.— Conul General Gow
dy on arriving at the American consu
late to-day found that his private desk
had been forced, the woodwork badly
smashed, petty cash and postage
stamps amounting to several hundred
francs abstracted and his papers ran
sacked. The big safe of the! consulate
bore suspicious traces of unsuccessful
attempts to force It open. The safe con
tained a large sum in cash and im
portant documents.
The consulate occupies a handsome
suite of rooms on the" third floor of 36
Avenue de l'Opera, one of the finest
streets in Paris. The building is de
voted to offices, nobody except the Jan
itor residing there.
The burglars gave their attention to
Gowdy's private office, in which are a
large desk and a strong safe. The
former was partly wrecked, the draw
ers being forced, the woodwork splin
tered, the papers turned out and let
ters even being dragged out of their en
velopes. Luckily none of the drawers
contained anything valuable, beyond
a few hundred francs, the petty cash
and postage stamps, which were car
ried off.
The safe, which the robbers failed to
open, contained about $5000, besides im
portant documents.
The union officials are elated over
the conditions as they now exist. The
contest has been and will be one with
out bloodshed. They point to the fact,
which has been verified, that over 60
per cent of the men who have gone
into Zt-igler have quit, and from those
who have come out they learn that not
a man, unless it be the' guards, will re
main longer than is necessary to get a
stake. The conditions are so absolutely
different to those of any other Ameri
can plant that the American miners
will not remain. To-night another con
tingent will be landed.
CARBOXDALE. 111., Aug. 10.—
Shortly after 5 o'clock this morning in
a car of the 'Wheeling and Erie Rail
road, Joseph Letter, armed with a
Colt's revolver, personally conducted a
contingent of thirty-nine West Vir
ginia coal miners to his plant at Zeig
!er. The coming of %he train was
known to the union miners at Plnck
neyville and Duquoin, but after keep
ing up a vigil until nearly 3 o'clock in
the morning the men gave up the task,
thinking the report was untrue.
On the train Leiter talked freely and
mingled with the men. He was in
buoyant spirits. Up to date the sum
total of the large contingent from
West Virginia which he has publicly
proclaimed would man his shaft is
sixty, and many of the men who first
went in have quit. They refuse to
work where they are not permitted to
make a garden or own domestic ani
mals, or where they are not permitted
to own more than their household
goods.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
One of the men lost his grop, contain
ing $15S in cash, and a German who
had been in this country only a short
time lost $4000 worth of bonds and
mortgages and other valuable papers
when their baggage was thrown into
the river by the strikers yesterday.
In speaking of conditions at the
Schwarzchild & Sulzberger plant, the
men claimed the sleeping-rooms were
so filthy that many of them went out
of doors at night and lay on the bare
ground. • ' --
According to their statement of the
agreement they were to j receive $5 a
day for every day they were on the
road and 55 a day when they reached
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 10.— Saying that
they could not stand the sanitary con
ditions at the Schwarzchild & Sulz
berger packing plant and alleging that
the officers of the company had broken
faith with them regarding wages, forty
one men picked up by Murray &
Ready, the Schwarzchild & Sulzberger
agents at San Francisco, walked out of
the plant of that company this morn
ing, notwithstanding the efforts of the
boss to prevent them, and joined the
ranks of, the strikers. It was the bag
gage of these men that was destroyed
by a gang of strikers - yesterday, and
every man in the party says he will not
only enter suit against the Schwarz
child & Sulzberger company for the
loss of the effects, but will also seek
to recover the wages promised by the
agents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Burglars' Efforts Net Them
Only Few Hundred Francs
and Some Postage Stamps
Say That Conditions Were
Misrepresented by Agent
Engaging Their Services
Union Men Wait 'for Train,
but Give Up the Watch
After Keeping Long Vigil
WILL SUE PACKING FIRM
•Man Was Well Esteemed by
His Employers and His
- Friends Doubt His Sanity
IMAGINARY GRIEVANCE
OBTAIN LITTLE BOOTY
ARMED WITH REVOLVER
Butchers Sent to Kansas
City From San Francisco
Kef use to Go to Work
Millionaire Personally Con
ducts Contingent of West
Virginia Miners to Plant
4 '
Office of the American
Consul General in Paris
Is Eansacked by Thieves
.Cornelius Stoneman, Whose
.Sire Was Executive of Cal
ifornia, Shoots Himself
Premier Combes decided to post
pone his departure from Paris and the
Cabinet will meet to-morrow to con
sider the details of the funeral, which
the Government desires shall be of a
national character.
"I have received the news contained
In your telegram with the keenest
grief. Please explain to Mme. 'Wal
deck-Rousseau the share I take in her
mourning, which is the mourning of
all France."
A priest was summoned from Paris
to administer the last rites to the Min
ister, but he was too late.
When the death of the Premier be
came known messages of condolence
began to arrive. The first came from
Premier Combes, who telegraphed:
PARIS. Aug. 10. — Former Premier
Waldeck-Rousseau died at 2:45 o'clock
this afterrlon at his country residence
at Corbeil, eighteen miles from Paris,
from the effects of an operation,
which his medical attendants deemed
to be affinal necessity. A similar
operation, performed in" Paris some
months ago, proved partially success
ful and the former Premier was well
enoug-h to be removed to Corbeil,
where it was hoped that rest and the*
effect of the country air would re
store his strength. The evil, however,
was not eradicated and alarming re
ports regarding the condition of the
distinguished patient had been cir
culated frequently.
When Waldeck-Rousseau was in
formed of the necessity of another
operation, he received the news witn
calmness and courage. The operation
was performed at noon to>-day by Pro
fessor Kehr, who was assisted by Dr.
Armor and three French surgeons. It
at first appeared that it would prove
successful and the patient was re
moved from the operating table to
bed, but the pulse became more feeble,
and, despite the administration of in
jections of serum, the patient grad
ually sank and died without regaining
consciousness.
LEITER ACTS
AS OWN GUARD
GOVERNOR'S SON
ENDS HIS LIFE
STRONG SAFE
FOILS ROBBERS
NON-UNION MEN
JOIN STRIKERS
FORMER HEAD
OF THE FRENCH
MINISTRY DIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11,, 1904.
5
- Yc Oltlc English Inn,
144 Mason st. Music by the ereat Pin-
American Quartet. >^&K "
¦f. yEW^ADygllTlSCMEXTS.
Tfce OPJCINAL rtraetfy that **kM» the Dudrutf Qera "
-THE HERPIODE HABIT *fc&ff%S»ffl'£S& ftsr «i
, , . , »*r er **»** erow» in popularity. Delights the
Careful people now coajMer It a duty tt Me « ladies by keeplnj the hrlr Hj?ht and fluffy and by
« t :p prcpnylaSt. as It lossy e j cleanliness and gfvlnz It a silken eloss. Cure* dandruff, stops
1 frecdoa from drciruff clcrobes. The refreshing UUl&z hair. Gives SAUsfaction ud excites ii-
quality And exquisite trtsnact cf Newbro'a Herp- airtticn. Stops 1'xhing instantly
&<Dlt*(2rl &QXWG»i! OQNEi!!!
ecriME cjiisitt u. anifitiii *?u tin it. tos late FM ieikci:l
Orci SHres. S1-00. Xesfl 10c, itsmsz. b KEBNCBE CO. DcpL B. Crtr*! Uiea, tw a ca-.jlt /
ATg^ICATIOarS AT PaOKtHl'MT BABBEa SHOPS. ¦¦>¦•:
212-214 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD, Agents
ADYTEvRTISEMENTS.
' "ADVERTISE3CE^rTS.
yjaaaZ* ¦""'-- ; • - ' ".¦¦;.¦ ¦,'-j=^, m ]__:j__ '.: ± „•,;";'.._ .'. ;....TTz^'^g^
San Francleco, Thursday, 11 August, 1O(H.
/ Uig;, j hi f i
You can have
one now for $7.75
As good as any ten-dollar Morris chair on the mar-
ket, and the kind that is safe to buy. The frameis
oak, golden finish, and the cushions are covered with
velour. Greatest chair in the world Jor genuine com-
fort, and no home should be without one.
A shipment of Rixdorfer inlaid linoleum just re-
ceived direct- from Germany. Best inlaid floor effects
we have ever seen, and a better quality of linoleum than
we have ever before- carried.. Some of the patterns now
in one of our display windows.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St.. at Union Square
/THE BEST /f^^QteX
/afloat or / 1 jjk \
I ASHORE / JKp 1 \
The Only OoablcTrack Railway Between
tic .Missouri River tod Chicago. )
the
!The Most Luxurious Train In the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers' Library, din-
Ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific, \
Union Pacific and v#
Chicago & North-Western Rys.
Leaves San Francisco dally at 10 a. m.
Two outer tralaa dally at 8 a, m. aad
8 p. m. - J
Por tickets, steeping car reservations ind
I fall information apply to ajenti southern
I Pacific Co., or / ¦
f R. R. RITCHIE.
I Cctml A«cst Ch!;ico & North- Wester* XaUway.
¦ 617 Market Street,
I SAN FRASCJSCO, CAL , ,
They're Swell Lookers.
Said of summer shirts after they hav«*
been laundered by us. We hav» the
knack of washing and otherwise "doing:
up" men's linen, silk and other neglfsj^o
washable apparel so as to make thetr
wearers look and feel aa cool and com-"
fortable as Is possible hot days and
warm evenings. Let's have a try at a
dozen pieces of your belbngings and
you'll agree with us.
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY,
1004 UASKET STBEST.
Telephone South 420.
ANNOUNCEMENT
The local business of
Easton, Eldridge & Co. has
been transferred to and
merged with the business of
G. H. Umbsen & Co., 20 Mont-
gomery street.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will
hereafter conduct extensive
country business and coloniza-
tion, with office at 18 Mont-
gomery street.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great;)
iflUSEUH OF AHAT08Y*
A C& ion KAinrr tx.Ui. ttiwft. «.rcaL A
T J^f Tb« I_»rr«t Autsnticil Miunai In :b« \
0 MM&k W»r:d- WtaknMMs er tmj coomrfril S
6{R S3j **•»»• |»«»lll»f.tjr c«**d By tk* .!de»t T
513 ?3 1 ipeoiil.ronsieCcut. Esi.J6]rMri» Q
A jJfcjfrA D3. J'JSDAN-D!SE;»SES CF HE.H 6
n t J-***fi Tratmnt puaorulr or by ;«t«r. A Q
V Q jjT Jft W r—um Car* m cr«ry ease nmdrrrafcett. T
A Pit 11 ft wnti for B<wk. raiLoiiora v «f A
V ' I 11 V M*.n ¦!•*«¦:. h>u3 rut. (a y
X O t* ** iaab! * b * ok '°* a " n) A
V DO. JOBD1S £t CO.. IC31 MartretSL.S. T. Y
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I >-f> KEASMY ST. Eatabllsbrd
In 1*34 for tne treatment nf I'rivut*
Dlvaaen. Lmt Manbixid. DebUlty or
flisras* wearinjron bodrami mind ami
SiciO D!s»-»ne* Tbe Doctnrmrwi wh»n
others fail. Try »»na. rtutrgt* low.
Inrr^cnarnnlrdl. Ca'lorwrll*.
l»r. J. *'- filBBON, San ITandaco. Cai.The touring car, entry No. 31 in
the New York-St Louis automobile
run, exploded at Springfield to-day.
The car was owned by Ray D. LJli
bridge of New York and was being
driven by W. Bonastine. Both men
were thrown to the pavement, but
were not seriously injured.
Auto En Route to Fair Explodes.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 10. — The army of
automobiles coming from the East to
meet at the World's Fair arrived, to
day. Among the first to, ride over the
Eads bridge was a car from Philadel
phia, in which were W. B. Saunders
and J. J. Laghney, who had been on
the way two weeks. Not far behind
was the main body, sixty-one in num
ber, which left Springfield, 111., at an
early hour this morning, led by W. C.
Hulbert of New York.
Sixth race, one mile and a hundred yards-
Leash ¦ won. El Plloto second, Invlctus third.
Time, 1:48.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, Oregon
Stakes, handicap— Bummer won, Mysty's Pride
second. Ladrusk third. Time, 1:01%.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Prlestllke won, Mlmo second, Bell Reed third
Time, 1:09. V ; ¦, •
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling
— Almoner won. Legal Maxim second, Modder
third. Time, 1:22%
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Profitable
won, King Herald second. Goldflnder third.
Time, -1:15%.
First race, four furlongs, selling— Pure Dale
won. B. C. Green second, Phil Crlmmlns third
Time, 1:03. .
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 10.— Irvlngton sum
mary: *
Portland Rjice Results.
BOSTON. Aug. 10.— John L. Sullivan,
at one time the world's champion prize
fighter and even now the idol of. the
lovers of pugilism, was arrested to
day and locked up on a charge of
drunkenness. .-
Ever since the benefit tendered Sul
livan three months ago the "Big Fel
low" has been celebrating rather
quietly. Early to-day he started on
a regular * rampage through the Rox
bury district. It ended in Alderman Pat
Bowen's saloon, which place Sullivan
made a sorry looking establishment
when the barkeepers refused him more
liquor. Three of the biggest police
men at the station. were sent t6 the
scene. After a struggle the police got
the "twisters" on Sullivan's wrists, but
were obliged to carry him to the patrol
wagon. >
Services of Three of Boston's "Finest"
Required to Suhdiic Former
King of Ring.
JOHN L. SULLIVAN WRECKS
SALOON AND IS ARRESTED
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— James O'Leary,
the "king" of hand-book men, was to
day acquitted by Judge Clifford. On
the motion of Attorney Edward Morris,
in whose hands O'Leary intrusted his
case, Judge Clifford instructed the jury
to return a vedict of "riot guilty."
The court ruled out the evidence of
the 100 telegrams addressed to O'Leary
and giving the odds on the horse races
at New Orleans, Sheepshead Bay and
other racetracks. The court held that
no proof was furnished that any of
these messages reached O'Leary's
hands or were intended expressly for
him.
(JHICAGO JURY ACQUITS
"KING" OF HANDBOOK MEN
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Niblick, Trama tor, Tea
cress. ,
Second race — Royelle, Maiden,
Daylesford.
Third race — Burnt Hills, St. Bel
lane, Veto.
Fourth race — Molly Brant, Flying
Ship, Stalwart.
Fifth race — Jane Holly, Old Eng
land, Sals.
Sixth race — Palmbearer, Major
Dainjrerfleld, Eugenia Burch.
Condition of the track — Slow.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Slss Lee, Ralph Reese,
Retort.
Second race — Delagoa, Robin Hood,
Don Domo.
Third race — Miss Inez, Allen Avon,
Del Carina.
Fourth race— Leila, Sweetie, Apple.
Fifth race — Emma A M, Mi . Reina,
Hudson. i^(
Sixth race — Dell Leath, Gilfain, Bob
Franklin.
Condition of the track — Slow.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
St. Louis 8 0 2
Boston 4 8 1
Batteries — Howell and Kahoe; Gibson, Win
ter and Crlser.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 10. — Cleveland-Philadel
phia game postponed; rain.
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— By defeating New
York to-day the Chicago j American League
team again went Into first place. Attendance,
5700. Score: , .
R. H. E.
Chicago 5 12 . 2
New York 1 5 3
Batteries — Altrock and McFarland; Clark
son, Chesbro and McGulre.
DETROIT, Mich.. Aug. 10.— To-day's game
was played on a field deep with mud on the
base lines, yet the fielding of the locals was
fast and accurate. Mullln pitched splendid
ball., Attendance,, 500. Score:
• R. . H. E.
Detroit 4* 8 0
Washington 1 4
Batteries — Mullin and Beville; Townsend and
Clarke.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 10. — Gibson was knocked
out of the box ln the seventh inning, St. Louis
finding him for six hits and six runs. At
tendance. 2700. Score:
R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Batteries — Leever and Smith; Sudhoff and
Roth. Umolre — Ernslle.
BOSTON, Aug. 10. — Boston-Cincinnati game
postponed ; rain.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10. — New York-St. LouU
and Chicago-Brooklyn National games were
postponed op account of rain.
PHILADELPHIA, Aujr. 10.— Although Phil
adelphia played a better fielding game than
Plttsburg the visitors by timely hitting cap
tured the last game of the series. Attend
ance. 1400. Score :
R. H. E.
Plttsburg 6 12 4
Philadelphia S 0 0
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
HASTINGS AN EASY 3IARK.
Portland Pitcher Is Batted at Will by
Tacoma Men.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 10.—Port
land never had a chance to-day. St.
Vrain was hit hard, but was almost
invincible when hits meant runs, and
was given superb support. The cham
pions batted young Hastings at will.
Score:
Tacoma — I Portland—
AB.R. H. P.A. I AB.R. II. P.X.
Doyle.cf 5 112 0jSpncr,2b 5 0 2 12
Shehn.Sb 5 4 3 3 3|Drnan,cf 5 0 1 1 i>
McLhn.lf 5 12 3 1 Thlmn.lf 4 0 0 10
Eagan,s 4 3 3 2 6 Beck.lb 4 1 2 11 1
Lynch.lb 3 12 9 OITrdwy.rf 4 0 2 2 0
Casey,2b C 0 2 2 2iCastro,3b 4 0 114
Hosran.c 4 0 1 4 1 Rymnd,s.4 0 2 2 3
Whlte.c 1 0 O O 0 Htllmn.c 4 0 14 1
Thoms.rf 4 O O 2 O Hastgs.p 3 12 12
StVran.p 402011
' Totals. 37 2 13 24 13
Totals. 40 10 10 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland ....... 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 2
Base hits 0 2 0 2 2 0 2 4 1 13
Tacoma 2 0 2 0 1 3 O 2 x 10
Base hits 3 0 3 1 2 3 IS x lti
SUMMARY. •¦: .-'¦
Errors — Castro, Raymond (2). Struck out
By St. Vraln 4, by Hastings 2. Bases on balls
— by Hastings 1. Hit by pitcher— By Hastlncg
1. by St. Vrain 1. Wild pitch— St. Vrain
Two-base hits^ — Sheehan, Casey, Eagan, Lynch'
Doyle, Hastings. Home run — Eagan. Earned
runs — Tacomt 7, Portland I. Sacrifice hit
Eapan. Double plays— Spencer to Beck; Casey
to Eaean to Lynch; Eagan to Casey to Lynch
Left on bases — Tacoma 9, Portland 9. Time
of came — One hour «nd 45 minutes. Um
pires — Brown and McDonald.
PITCHERS BATTLE IN SOUTH.
Baum Outpoints Jones in a Perfectly
Played Game.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 10. — The
Rrame to-day was a pitchers' battle, in
which Baum won out by the score of
2 to 0. Both Baum and Jones
pitched fine ball, but the latter had
his bad inning-, which permitted the
locals to make two runs. After this
there was no more scoring on either
s?des. Several times Baum was in a
'bad hole, but good pitching and fine
fielding pulled him out. The fielding
of both teams was perfect. Score:
Los Angeles — I Oakland
AB.R. H. P.A. AB R II PA
Brnrd, rt 4 O 1 3 O Frncks e 4 ' o" l' I 4
Brshr, Ib4 O 1 JO 1 Mkma.rf 4 0 10 0
Smith. 3b 3 0 0 1 2 Dnlvy. If 4 0 0 5 0
Crvath.rf 3 0 110 Krugr.cf 4 0 0 10
Flood. 2b 3 0 0 2 3 Streib, lb 2 0 0 10*0
Toman, s 3 1 2 3 4 ivvrx, 3b 4 0 1 1 3
Hops. If. 2 O 0 2 0 Byrnes. c3"0 1 •» 2
Fp;e«. c. 3 0 0 4 O McKn 2b 4 0 0 2 •»
Baum. p. 3 1 1 1 1 Jones, p. 3 0 1 2 3
Tttai..a ~2 ~i u * Graham 2 J J 1 1
' Totals. 33 0 6 24 14
•Graham batted for Jones in ninth.
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Lou Angeles 02000000 x 2
Base hlU 13010001 x— «
Oakland O 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 O 0
Cxse hits 00002003 1 6
SUMMARY.
Stolen base«— Brashear (2), Baum, Bernard
Tno-base hit — Toman. Sacrifice hit — Ross
Left or base* — Los Angeles 4. Oakland 7.
Baees on balls — Off Baum, 2. Struck out By
(National League.) (American League.
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York.. C7 25 .728 Chicago ...59 39 .60S
Chicago ...57 3H .OHJN'ew York.. 55 37 .599
Cincinnati .17 40 .CSMBoston ...5tt 38 .W0
Plttsburg .54 3S .5.V7jPhiladel ..62 39 .571
St. Louis. ..49 47 .510 Cleveland .50 40 .556
Boston 37 <J1 .377! St. Louis.. 36 51 .414
Brooklyn .32 64 .333' Detroit 3S 54 .414
Phlladel ..26 68 .277lWashingtn 21 70 .231
Chicago Noses Into .First Place In
American League Race by
Beating New York.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
PIRATES HIT SAFELY
WHEN HITS MEAN RUNS
Sixth race, one mile, 'nelling — Requisite 90,
Dell Leatv. 91, Duntrannon 92, Bob Franklin
9C, The Forum 99, Mamselle 103, Gilfain loti,
Harney 106, Mr. Farntim 108.-
Second race, six furl ones — St. Bonnie 85,
Don DomD 112, Robin Hood 112, Gypzene 114,
Delagoa 117, The Laurel 117, Goal Runner 119.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, the
Proviso stakes, selling — Del Carina 90, Allen
Avon 94, Herlida 95, Voltrlce 95, Tom Shelly
95, Flying Brook 99, Miss Inez 111. ,
Fourth race, one mile, selling — San " Remo
92, Plautus 94, Sweetie 100, Bay Wood • 100,
Wenrick 100, Klelnwood 10O, Sweet Tone 100,
Leila 102, Apple 103.
Fifth race, one mile, Belling— Ghats 90,
Hudson 5)6, Emma A M 100, Emigre 102, Ben
son Caldwell 103, Harry New 10G, Mi Retna
110, Blackthorn 110.
First race, kIx furlongs— Augusta Victoria
ia*5. SIpr I^o- 103, The Gadfly 106. Big Beach
106, Rather Royal 100, Pirabella 109, Dr. Ken
ney loy. Devout 112.Ralph Reese 112, Retort
112, Waddell II 112, Before 115, Proprietor
115.
CHICAGO, Aug. 10. — The rich Pro
viso stakes for two-year-olds will be
the feature event to-morrow at Har
lem. . The day's entries follow:
HARLEM ENTRIES.
ST.. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First race — Mr. Dade, Anadarco,
Dresden.
Second race — Light Opera, Never
Such; Worthlnston.
. Third race — Mildred Ij, DolJnda,
Hay.
Fourth race— Commodore, Old
Stone, Taby Tosa.
Fifth race — Princess Orna, Alice
Platt, Fruit.
Sixth race — Miss Betty, Foiirquol
Pas, Trapsetter.
Condition of track — Good.
Sixth race, one mile and a furlong, handi
cap, three-year-olds and up — Africander 123
Major Daingerfleld 116, Fort Hunter 111. Eu
genia Burch 110, Reservation 108, Proceeds 102
Keynote 97. Palmbearer 95.
Fifth race, one mile, selling, three-year-olda
and up — Stolen Moments 108. Old England 108,
Brooklynite 107. Fire Eater 107. Sain 107. Tre
pan tf?7. Unmasked 107. Easy Street 10<J, Judge
1OG, Francesco 106. Forward 103, Jane Holly
If 13. ICaughty Lady 101. Go Between 100, Conk
ling 09. Stone Arabia 06 Dick Bernard 91.
Prince of Elm 91. Toi San 96
¦ Third race, eix furlongs, handicap two-year
olds — St. Bellane 117, Waterside 116, Veto 116,
Merry Lark 112. Burnt Hills 112, Chrysltls 112
Sinister 111. Dorothy Gray ICC. Austin Allen
104. Bulwark 104, Water LJeht 103 Dandelion
102, Khorasan 100, Cigar Lighter 95, Amber-
Jack 92.
Fourth race, one mile, three-year-olds and
up. The Delaware handicap — Flying Ship 112,
Molly Brant 112. Orazlallo 107. Light Brigade
106, Gold Money 104 Stalwart 99, De Reszke
98. Orly II 95, Gold Dome 90
SARATOGA. Aug. 10.— Both class
and quantity are represented in to
morrow's races. The day's . entries
follow:
First race, five and a. half furlong!), gelling,
two-year-olds— Niblick 107, Workman 10C,
Tramotor 106, Merrle hassle 105. Delcanta 104,
Jerry C 104, Teacress 104, Consuelo II 102,
Mussulman 102. Sparkling 102. Ike S 102,
Golden Sunrise 102, Rubric 102. Winchester 09,
R. L. Johnson 03. Uncle Charley 07, Thirty
third 9«. Cotillion 90, Sufferance 94.
Second race, short course, steeplechase, han
dicap. Belling — Maiden l.'<9, Royelle 152. Dick
Hasse 143. Dromedary 142 Lida Woodland 134,
Daylesford 130. Perlon 130.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
The, annual election of officers of
the San Francisco Model Yacht Club
was held last night. The regular
ticket was elected without opposition.
The following officers were elected:
W. B. Collier Jr., commodore; H. Lon
don, vice commodore; J. E. Genung,
secretary and treasurer; L. S. Adams,
measurer; J. F. McCleary, J. Bern
hardt and William Roeckner, direc
tors. Commodore Collier appointed
the following regatta committee: H.
London. L. S. Adams and J. E. Ge
nung. The report of the retiring com
modore shows that in the last two
years since the club's organization the
membership has increased from D to
142.
Baum, 2; by Jones. 1. Hit by pitched ball-
Smith. Time of fame — One hour and thirty
minutes. Umpire — McCarthy.
Model Yachtsmen Elect Officers.
CHAMPION MAY SUTTON
WILL DEPEND HER TITLES
Ml^XKOE NOW LOOKS BETTER
THAN* HE EVER DII> BEFORE
Tennis Prodigy to Be Seen ln Action
at San itafacl After Eastern
Triumph.
The tournament committee in
charge of the coast championship
tennis tournaments to be played at
San Rafael next month received word
yesterday that the Sutton sisters will
defend their titles. It has been gen
erally understood that the Southern
California champions would be absent
this year. The presence of these
famous sisters will add to the interest
in the coming tournament.
Miss May Sutton. the national
champion, is singles, doubles and
mixed doubles champion of the coast.
She shares these honors with her sis
ter, Miss Violet, and with A. C. Way.
The champion will be the chief at
traction at San Rafael. Her triumph
ant tour of the East, which has just
ended, has brought her more honors
than have fallen to the lot of any
athlete from the West. She won the
national championship with the
greatest of ease, and proved beyond
a doubt that no woman tennis player
in America is entitled to rank in her
class.
Alfonzo Bell, the crack player from
Los Angeles, who holds the coast
championship title, is In the East, and
it has not been learned yet whether
he will get back in time to defend hia
title.
Reuben Hunt, the Alameda crack,
who won the Northwestern champion
ship from "Waidner during the week,
will play at San Rafael.
Tin in Stops Trotting Races.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10. — The Grand
Circuit trotting races at the Empire
City track were postponed to-day on
account of rain.
BJs Miner Does Some Fast Work at
His Training Quarters, Surpris
ing Even His Friends.
Yesterday vras a happy day at the
Munroe training quarters, for the bii?
miner looked better and worked faster
than at any other time since he h;n
commenced training for his battlo
with Jeffries. While boxing with Andy
Gallagher and Harry Chester JacJc
landed blow after blow with both
hands and showed foot work that as
tonished even hia most ardent ad
mirers.
He seems in perfect condition at th»»
present time, having lost that rotund
appearance. When he hit the punch
ing bag yesterday he put nil kinds c:f
life and snap into his work ind went
at it with a will. After boxing five of
the fastest kind of rounds with Ches
ter and Gallagher the big fellow was
treated to his rubdown.
Jeffries is not losing any time at
Harbin Springs. He goes through hia
usual stunts and makes it interesting
for Joe Kennedy and Brother Jack,
his two sparring partners.
The Yosemite Club officials have se
lected Eddie Graney as referee and no
one else will be considered.
Park Amphitheater Benefit.
The committee having in ch.nrire the
benefit for the athletic amphitheater
in Golden Gate Park to be held at In
gleside on the 21st will meet to-night
in room 1000 of the Palace Hotel.
Chairman Frank G. O'Kane and hi*
associates are preparing an elaborate
programme of sports.
BTAICDTNO OF THE CtrUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. U Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Seattle .....10 4 .714 San Fran... 7 8 .407
Tacoma .... 9 fi .643 Portland ... 6 8 .337
lios Ang.... 8 6 .571 Oakland ... 4 11 .2G7
The El-trashes relapsed Into their old
'habit of making runs yesterday when
they saw a chance. They saw several
chances and never for a moment did
they overlook any of them. Only nine
•hits were culled from the stock of
Jimmy "Whalen, but these same nine
' brought in six runs. Score, Seattle 6,
Baa Francisco 2.
Never for a moment did the home
• tossers have a chance to lay claim to
the game after the second inning. Jay
Hughes toyed with them, kidded them
and then mystified them. He was
"steady and cool all the time and simply
had the locals bewildered, especially
when men were on bases.
Seattle started with one in the first
and it might have been more had not
Delehanty hit into a double play. The
natives came back with two in the
third when Van Buren lut and Town
'send sacrificed and Irwin soused one to
left. Anderson swung through with a
: double to left and a moment later a
eteai and Wilson's error made it two.
This gave Uncle, some confidence, but
it was short lived, for the Siwashes
comnienced in the fourth to break it
VP for fair. Mohler hit and Frisk
walked. Blankenship unloaded one in
front of Meany and as Pat was about
• to wing it in to the ijlate the ball took
a bad bound and went to the fence for
k triple, scoring both men. Blanken
fhip arrived on Smith's out, making it
throe for the inning and four in all.
Mohler drew a four spot in the sixth,
but only had to wait a few seconds for
Frisk to drive one to the score board
and brinj him to the pan. Smith kept
the good work up and Frisk came in
with the last. one.
Waldron was called out by O'Connell
in the third r *>n an infield play and im
mediately (commenced to abuse the
umpire. J/tick stood for the tirade for
a moment and then ordered Waldron
out of game. He did not feel in
clined/ to obey, but went ©ut into the
lTt'jd .Vith his team mates. Jack finally
persuaded him to take to the dressing
room, but not before the irate fielder
°had emitted a lot more back talk. The
Han Francisco — | Seattle —
AB.R. H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
Vldrn.cf 3 0 110 VnHlt.cr 4 12 10
Hldbrd.e » O 1 2 2 Mohlf-r.'Jb 2 2 1 3 B
Meany.rf 3 O 1 O O L>:hnt.3b 3 0 0 2 2'
Vr.Brn.ir 4 1 2 O 0 Frisk. If 3 2 2 O o'
Twnsd.lb 3 O O 13 1 n:k*h,lb 3 1 1 12 O
Ir»!n.;(b 4 0 { 0 «) Smith, rf 4 0 2 2 0
/:>;.-r..::» 3 12 6 6 Hh!1. s 4 0 0 3 6
Oarton.c 4 0 O 3 3 Wtlson.c 4 0 1 4 S
¦U'hlan.p 4 0 0 12 Hughes.p 4 0 0 0 2
Barbcr.cf 20010.
1 Totals. 31 6 9 27 20
Totals. 33 2 8 27 14 1
RUNS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 1 0 0 3 0 2 0 0 0 — 6
Base hits 2 0 1 2 0 2 0 0 2—9
ban Francisco ...0 2000000 .0 — 2
Base hita 0 li 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 — S
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Meany. Gorton. Errors — Dele
banty. Wilson. Three-base hit — Blankenship.
Two-Las- hits— Anderson, Frisk. Sacrince
Mts— Townsend 2. Hildebrand 2. Delehanty 2.
First tase en errors— Fan Francisco 1. First
base on callrd balls— Off Whalen 3. off Hughes
2. Left on basei— San Francisco 3, Seattle 4.
Struck out— By Wha> n 2. by -Hughes 3. Hit
l>y pit-n*r— Mchlcr. Double play— Anderson to
HildebriiJid to Townsend. Time of game — 1:40
Umpire — O'Connell.
California Couralag Committee stake, fourth
annual renewal, twenty-four entries — J. O'She.i,
(names) Eagle * Bird vs. P. J. Retlly (nam"s>
Clover Blossom; H. A. Deckelman (names)
Fancy Free vs. M. Delui-ey (niunos) Frisky
Barbara; W. R. Morden (names) The Refers*
va. J. Sutton (names) Lost Chord; F. P. Clark
(names) Galveston vs. R. K. Malcolm (names)
Racing Auto; California Coursing Commlttoe
(namea) Gambit vs. C. A. Lyona (narma)
Rocker Arm; E. Jenlcke (names) General Fre
mont va T. Collins (names) Sacramento Boy:
J. H. Ro»seier (namfrt Raby Aurora v». A.
Zlgnego (names) In Time; M. Kelly (name*>
Pasha Pleasant vs. California Coursing Com
mittee (names) J E H; P. M. Clarkson tnanies>
Sea Lion vs. John Grace (names) Tralee Lass;
E. Hood (names) Silver HeeU V3. L. F. Car
tel (names) Full Moon; Peer Tiffany (names)
Friendless Boy vs. H. Thomas (names) R<»n<»
paile Apach«; W. J. Hosford (names) Hap
hazard vs. D. Malor.ey (names) High Bor».
Open stake, ninety-six entries — Ruby Hank*?
vs. Prince B; Belfast va Loretta; Gilmor*
va. Runaway Actjens; Liberator vt. Bright
Fortune: Stlr.garee vs. Jerry Wright; Doreen
vs. Remieso Animo; Ragged Actor vs. Olct
Ironsides; Luxury vs. Trinity Girl: Golden
Fortune vs. Colored Lady; McHenry vs. Becky
Sharp: Vv'attles vs. Terry McGovern; Pmith v.-*.
Honest John; Glaucua vs. Texaa Hoo-Hoo;
Real Duchess vs. Fannie Hughle; Pure Peart
vs. Rolling Boer; Bender vs. Fretter; Impe
rious VB Forest Fire; Lady Menlo vs. Butts
City; Donnybrook vs. Rich Array: Bonnia
Pasha vs. Idleness; Lord Brazen va. Prome
theus; Yellow Tail v». Piccadilly: Queen's
Mono va. Ella Slay; Aeolus vs. Tra>9 Mal<t;
Vina vs. Wait For Me; Golden Feather vs.
Balendlne; Magic Stuff v» May TUnison; Fox
hunter vs. Gunfire; Palo Alto va. Princess Sa
voy; Budding Rose vs. Royal Friend; Golden
Garter vs. Medea: Mark Twain V3. Sunny
South: False Alarm va. Cubanola; Rushaway
vs. Carlow Boy; Gallant Glancer va. Fortuna
Angel; Craig Lad vs. Pepper Jack; Commer
cial Traveler vs. Annie Ryne; Fiddler ?». Kn
mer Boy; Don Pedro vs. Jack Short; Ltttla
Plunder vs. Mlsa Brummel: Beauty Gold vj.
Reckless Rose; Equator vs. Queen of Isle;
Young Johnny Rex vs. Melllnwood; Clydette>
v». Eastlake; B'.ack Coon vs. Sm'.ler; Tom
Hurllck va. Freeport; Sir Winton va. Ready
Address; Agitator vs». Laboring Boy.
The California Coursing 1 Committee
stake of twenty-four entries will b<»
run at Ingleside Coursing Park next
Sunday and the event has attracted
the attention of coursing men from all
parts of the State. All other coursing
parks will be closed on that day and a
big attendance Is expected when the
first pair of dogs are slipped.
All the coursers are evenly matched
and the meeting is sure to be produc
tive of royal sport. The regular open
stake of ninety-six . entries will be
commenced on Saturday at 12 o'clock
and the second round Is to be run
down on Sunday before the big event
commences^ Judge John Grace will
officiate in The saddle. Ed Shorstaff
will act as slipper. The field stew
ards will be P. M. Clarkson, J. O'Shea.
John Sutton, H. A. Talbot and Iff, Kel
ly. The draw resulted aa follows:
District trot for Sclano horses of ths 2:33
clasp, purse 52CO, heats three in five:
Princess W, by George Washington-
Kentucky Prince (Thos. Smith). . 3 111
Roacoe by Rainbow-McDonald (J.
W. Hartzell) 1.2 2 2
Phyllis, by Gossiper <T. Ryan)... 2 3 3 dis
Election Boy, by Election (A. J.
Klotz) dis
Vallejo stakes, for green pacers, purse $500,
mile heats, three In live:
Dr. W, by Robert Basler (W. "Wil
liams) Ill
Cavalier, by Welcome Steinway (W.
G. Durf ee) 2 2 2
Ring Rose, by Falrose (Emil Hollmy) S 3 5
Miss Idaho, by Wllkes-Clay Jr.(J. I>.
Springer) 6 4 3
The Mrs., by Derby Ash-Hawthorne
(C. Whitehead) 5 5 4
Flora G, by El Echo (Frank Martin) 4 6 6
Ruby H, by Baywater Wllkes (L. G.
Richards) 7 1 1
Prince Almo, by Prince Almon (J. W.
Zlbble) 8 dis
Time, 2:15 — 2:31Va— 2:14U.
ALLEJO. Aug. 10.— A fairly good at
tendance of spectators witnessed the
first day's racing of the Vallejo-meet
of the California circuit to-day. The
track was fast, although a strong wind
was blowing. A field of seven horses
started in the first race, the 2.15 pace.
Edwin S, the favorite, won ln three
straight heats. The fastest heat was
done in 2:12%.
In the race for green pacers a field
of eight started. All the heats were
good. Dr. W won, being closely pressed
by Cavalier.
The principal event of the day for the
local people was the race for Solano
County road horses, which brought out
a field of four. After considerable scor
ing the trotters were sent off, and it
was soon seen that the race was be
tween Princess \V and Roscoe. The
first heat was won by Roscoe. Princess
W then took the race by winning three
straight heats.
The bookmakers did a good business.
The favorites won the three events on
the card. Summary:
General Frisbie stakes, pacing, 2:15 clan,
purse $500, mile heats, best three in five:
Edwin S, by Dock Hicka-La Harpa
(E. A. Servls) 1 1 1
Tidal Wive, by Nutwood Wilkes-Mc-
Kinney (S. S. Bailey) 2 2 2
Rey del Diablo, by Diablo (Charles
Uallndo) 3 8 4
Economizer, by Charles Derby (Sllva
and Wright) 4 4 8
Harry Hurst, by Delwin-La Grande
(V. Verelhac) 5 5 5
Tammany, by Iris (S. Eddy) 6 6dl»
Alta Genoa, by Dexter Prince (G.
Perrano) <n a
Time, 2:12%— 2:13V4 — 2:14%.
Marius II was a stake winner in
England and in France. He Is by St.
Cerf, the be?t son of St. Simon. Ills
dam is Sunny Locks, by Galopin.
The youngsters will travel East ln
two palatial horse cars, which will be
attached to the Overland Flier. Su
perintendent Berry, who is in charge,
expects to land them at Sheepshead
Bay in good condition. They will be
sold on the 31st inst. Mr. Spreckela
will be present, being due from Eu
rope before that date.
These are the first of the progeny
of Solitaire and of Marius II, the
young: English stallions Mr. Spreckela
imported two years ago. Solitaire won
the annual Champion stakes at New
market In 1002, the Queen's vase at
Ascot and six other races. He is by
Ayrshire and he by Hampton.
Superintendent George W. Berry,
v.-ho is a past master in raising year
linps,, has the twenty colts and three
fillies in the consignment in superb
condition. They are all as big and
as growthy ae three-year-olds and
are expected to cast in the shade any
of the representatives of the much
talked about blue grass country of
Kentucky. The consignment consists
of the following grandly bred indi
viduals:
Chestnut colt by Imp. Marlus II-Florence B.
Bay <-olt by. Irm>. Boutaire-Camation.
Chestnut colt by Imp. Solitaire-Imp. Candid.
Chestnut co!t by Imp. Solitaire- Bohemian
Lass.
Chestnut colt by Imp. Solitaire-Imp. Glitter.
Brown colt by Imp. Marlus H-Alma Dale.
Hay colt by Imp. Solitaire-Lucille II.
Bay colt by Imp. Libertine-Mackawo.
L'ay colt by Imp. Solitalre-MaRdelinas.
Iilack colt by Imp. Solitaire- Hreak o' Day.
Hay colt by Imp. The Judge-Grace S.
Brown colt by Imp. Marius II-Prestine.
Chfvtxrat celt by Imp. Hanui ll-Elmlnte.
Bay colt by Ravelston-Yaranabee.
Chestnut colt by Imp. Marius 11-Maya II.
Chestnut colt by Imp. Marius II-Piquante.
Chestnut colt by Imp. Marius 11-Vit-lleicht.
Brown colt by Imp. Marius II-Headflower.
Chestnut colt by Imp. Libertine-Bridal Veil.
Bay colt by Imp. The Judge-Phoebe F.
Bay filly by Imp. Solitaire-Pique.
Bay nily by Ravelston-Straight Tip.
Bay M!y by Imp. Marlus II-T!oga.
Adolph B. Spreckels, master of
Xapa Stock Farm, ia sending East to
day to Fasig, Tipton & Co.'s sales ring
at Sheepshead Bay what is pro
nounced the grandest looking collec
tion of thoroughbred yearlings that
ever left this State. This is high
praise when one remembers the past
performances of California-bred race
horses on Eastern tracks.
AH Other Parks Will Close
on Sunday So That Leash
men May Witness Trials
After the Second Bound Jay
Hughes Toys With the Na
tive Batsmen All the Time
Superintendent G. W. Berry
Has His Charges Look
ing Like Tliree-Year-Olds
Contest for Solano County
Koad Horses Attracts a
Large Field of Starters
GOOD CE0WD TUKXS OUT
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Sting 105, Semper Vivax 105, Dr. Kier
103, Pathos 103, Veins 100. Pourquol Pas 98,
Trapsetter 08, Miss Betty 91.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
purse — Jack Young 102. Taby To?a 101, Old
Stune 101, Commodore 101, Harmakis 08, Pat
Hammon 05.
Fifth race, nine-sixteenths of a mile — Fruit
107. Princess Orna 107, Alice Platt 107, Wil
lowdene 101, Only Jlmmie 101, Erla Lee 08.
Lady Sellers O.«. MIfs Hazy 98, A Lady Fair
OS, Monogram OS. Hattie Carr OS, Arlena OS.
Nicona OS, Our Joe OS.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Never
fuch 107, Conundrum 107, Mainspring 105,
La.nsdowne 102, Lynch 102, Worthington 102,
Mohave 08, Light Opera 07.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Adelante 107. Ray 105, Lady Matchless
103. Doeskin 100. Dolinda 89. Mildred L. 89,
Alcom R SO, Short Cake 87.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 10.— The entries
for to-morrow's races follow:
Ftrst race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ing, maidens — Mr. Dado 10S, Colonel Preston
103, Beaterllng 103. Bradwarlin 100 Dresden
ld>. His Worship 100. J. B. Sheridan 9S, An
adarco i>5, Joe Graham 05.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One and three-sixteenths
miles: four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, WelKht, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Iras, 103 (Foley) 5 25 13
11 to 5— Albany Girl, 102 (Booker) 3 12 2 8
6 to 1— Sister Lllllan.lOO (Davis) 6 4 3 3 1
Time, 2:08V4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. Durkee's b. m. (1) by Moreno-Pamllla.
Little Corker 102. Pompey 104. Lee King 104,
Loone 104, Murmur J)5, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Athelrose, 102 (Conway).. 8 24 13
4 to 1— E. Howard, 102 (Sedar)..10 3 3 2 8
20 to 1 — Sanctlsslma. 05 (Davis).. 1 5 2 3 2
Time. l:2tiV». Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. Schacker's b. m. (1) by Athelring-Ho»e
of Sharon. Varno Fonso 107, Feby Blue 102,
Hazel H 102, Una Price 104, Avoid 107. Baf
fled 107. Lady Burllngtyn 107, Alene S 107,
finished as named. -
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; "three-year
olda and us: t
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Miss Doyle, 05 (Rice)..,.. 5 1 1%1 4
4 to 1— Laura Hunter, 102 (Davis) 2 2 % 2 1
8 to 5— First Attempt, 07 (Wilson) 8 3 h 3 10
Time, 1:18. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. P. J. Milieu's ch. f. (3) by The Com
moner-Thistle. Suave 102, Rustic Girl 102,
Lady Ray 05. Lady Contrary 102. Amlnto ltK,
nniehed as named.
THIRD RACE^ — One and three-sixteenths of
a mile; f oiir-year-olda ' and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
3 to 1— Miss Eon. u5 (Uice) 10 2 1 1%
3 to 1— Hinsdale, 107 (Troxler).. 3 11 2 2
12 to 1— Compass, 102 (L. Wilson).. 5 3 1 3 12
Time, 2:08%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. F. Smith's b. m. (4) by Eon-Eonette.
Nellie Bawn 07, Salve 104, Larry Wilt 107,
Mae Miller 07, Edgardo 0'J George Vivian DO.
Banquet 104, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 2— Fay Ternpleton,»5 (Conwy) 4 16 IS
8 to A— Voltage, 1)5 (Dickaon) 3 5 3 2n
S to 1— Gaseome, 100 (Ledar).... 8 7 4 3 ns
Time. 1:11%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, P. M. Civll'B b. f. (2), "by Inspector B-
Glenview. Leila Hunter 00, A Lady 08. Melt
wood ICC, Fay Sharpe 03, Oma J 05, De
Granno 103, E»cobosa 05, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 10.— Four favorites
won at the Fair Grounds track to-day,
notwithstanding the card was supposed
to be one of the hardest to pick of the
meeting; The rains made the track
heavy. Attendance 4000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-old*
and i'i>:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Marchioness, 97 (Helms) . . 1 1 15 1 20
8 to 1 — Back Number,97 (Davis) 5 2 n 2 n
6 to 1 — Maghoni. 95 (S. Wilson).. 4 4h 3 3
Time,' 1:10. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. F. W. Holtgreeve's b. m. (4) by Onon
daga-Nirvana. Catherine Knox 07, Detest 97,
Bettie Deceiver 07. Kiss Quick 07, finished aa
named. • Larough 07, left.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH RACE-— One mile; three-year
olds; Felling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. <5i Fin.
S to 1— B. Heywood.lOfl (Knpp) 12 1 1 h
8 to 5 — Freckman. 08 (Greenfld). 3 3 h 2 h
3 to I— Voila. 101 (Mclntyre).. 4 4« 3 2
Time. 1 :4C 2-5. Start sroed. Won driving.
Winner. E. Corrlgan'o b. c. by Hermence-
Tlddledpwlnks. St. George Jr. 106. Charlie
Miller 103, Duncan 100, Requisite 105, Arab
104. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and three-sixteenths
miles: three-year-olds and up: gelling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Don't Ask MclO3.(McI) 4 1 h 1 »4
40 to 7— R. Pirate. 5>8 (Harris). 3 2 4 2 5
8 to 5 — Kxcentral. !U (Knapp). 2 3 1 3 2
Time. 2:07 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. W. Fuller's ch. m. (5) by Sir
Dlxon-Alpena. Handley Cross 105 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— J.Smulskl. 109 (Henry).. 4 1 »4 1 1
R to 1— A. Fir. 105 (Morrison).. 2 2 2 2 3
6 to 1 — Costlgan.05 (Knapp) 1 3n 32
Time, 1 :W> 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. R. Ellison'* br. c. by Esher-Elan
gowan. Recal 02. ¦ Pirabella 100, Peter Durel
ln.T, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?« Fin.
3 to 1— TheMighty.105 (Sheehn). 8 4 '4 1 %
no to 1— D.L.Moore. 102 (Semstn) « 7 5 2 1
30 to 1 — Cyprienne, 98 (Mclntre). H 5 2 3 1
Time, J:l«3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. T. G. Ferguson's ch. c. (3) by Prince
Royal-Intrusion. Maggie Leeber OS. Harney
110. Rag Tag 110. Tarn O'Shanter K»9. Magic
Flute 03. Enverlte 98, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Judge Himes, 106 (Hnry) 3 3 S 12
7 to 2— Warte Nlchl. J>8 (Knapp) 2 1 h 2 2
13 to 10— Gregor K, 107 (Hofner) 1 2 h 3 3
Time. 1:43 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. C. R. Ellison's ch. c. (") by Esher-
Lullahy. Bragg 104, Velma Clarke 01, finished
as named.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase: short course;
three-year-olds and up- handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, J.>ckey. St. «i Fin.
2 to 1 — Oliver Me, 1 10 (Corbley ) 3 1 12 1 13
12 to 1— Allegiance, 130 (Kgerson) 5 3 20 2 3
3 to 1— Weird, 1 10 (S^aton) G 2 2 3 25
Time, 3:38. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner, Fred Smith's c. g. (S) by Stonehenge-
Margery. Kprinfistead 128, Dominique You
134, Alma Gir! 125, finished as named. (Mon
tanic 142. threw rider; Jack Doyle 130. fell;
Corona tus 125, threw rider)
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— C. R. Ellison's
great mud horse Judge Himes made a
show of a good, field in the mile handi
cap to-day at Harlem track. Old
"Giraffe" found the track with a soft
cushion, which favored his "dinky"
legs. After Gregor K and Warte Nicht
had raced their heads off in front he
ran over them in the stretch and won
in a canter, with three lengths to spare.
Warte Nicht finished second, a like dis
tance in front of Gregor K.
The backers of Gregor K were dis
pleased at the showing of Hedges' geld
ing. He was nearly pounded off the
boards, opening at 9 to 5 and backed
down to 13 to 10, while Judge Himes
went from 2 to 1 to 3 to 1 at post time.
Warte Nicht also had a strong follow
ing, which backed him from 4 to 1 to 18
to 5.
Three favorites, one second choice
and three outsiders well njbbled at won
purses. The track was slow, but drying
out rapidly, there being no mud in
sight. The weather was cloudy and
threatening and the attendance about
as usual. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Mary Eleanor, 105 (Mrisn) 2 2 4 14
40 to 1— Sly Musette, 105 (Hoffler) 7 7 4 2 nk
10 to 1--Lady Ellison, 115 (Henry) 3 4 3 3 h
Time. 1:10 1-5. Start socxl. Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. J. J. Zurbourg's c. t* by Odd
Fellow-Fanny Rikes. La Sagitte 105, Tyrolian
105, Mary Edna 105, Voltrlee 108, Cutter lOo,
finished as named. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a halt furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to .%— Dreamer. 107 (Hildebd).. 3 2 3 12
4 to 5 — Artful. 107 (Shaw) 1 3 2 2 3
8 to 1— Katie CafTrey, 107 (C.KUy) 2 4 3 3 3
Time. 1 :0S. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, H. B. Duryra's b. g. by Hamburg-Forge.
Kraskill, Goodbye, Bob Mossom. < Earldom,
Lancashire Lass, Salvage, Cedarstrome fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and three-sixteenths
miles; three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Caughnawaga; tlffKJdom) 3 2% 13
14 to 5— Claude, 112 (J.Daly) 4 2 3^2 1
4 to 1— Dalesman, 108 (J. Martin) 2 12 3 3
Time, 2:00 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. Sanford'e ch. h. by Clifford-I^a
Tosca. Ada May, Sonoma Belle finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongru; th» Grand
I'nion stakes, for two-year-olds:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
uOto 1— Siglieht. 110 (H.Phillips) 2 11 ln
4 to 1— Jack Lory. 117 (Odom).. 1 4 1 2%
11 to 10— Cairngorm. 117 (O'Neill) 5 2 '£ 3 %
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. J. E. Madden's b. c. by l'laudlt-Lacreale.
Pparkling Star, Glenecho. Von Tromp, Jonquil
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three
year-olds and up:
Betting:. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
Even— Greencrest, 10:» (Martin).. 3 2 1 1 ?i
fl to 1— Kickshaw, 10S (O'Neill).. 4 12 25
t> to 1— Canteen. 100 <E. Walsh).. 1 3 5 3 10
Time, 1:40 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, F. R. Hltchccok's b. g. by Goldcrest-
Kthel Green. The Globe, Southampton, St.
Breeze, Homestead, Sentry, Kilogram, Box
wood, Lord Advocate, Irascible, Trepan, Locket
finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase, about two
miles; handicap; four-year-olds and up; gen
tlemen riders:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %• Fin.
•1 to 2— Grandpa, 145 (Holland).. 2 15 16
•1 to 2— Cock Robin. 147 (Baker). 3 2 30 2 200
•1 to 2— Hark Forward, 148 (Clrk) 4 4 3
•Coupled in the betting.
Time. 4:12. Start Rood. Won easily. Win
ner, H. H. Hayes' ch. gr. by Grandma Ster-
Phillpa. Philma Faxton also ran.
4 to 1— Col. Jessup. 108 (ONell) 2 11 1 1*6
3 to 1— Shotgun. 128 (Hlldebrnd) 5 2^ 2 1V4
100 to 1 — Loupania, »2 (W. Daly). 8 4h 3h
Time. 1:18 2-6. Start fair. Won ¦ driving.
Winner, J. L. McGlnnls" b. c. by Bel Demonlo-
Crlmca. Castalian. Monet, Geranium. Light
Brigade, Mizzen, Cascine, Ulyria finished as
named.
SARATOGA, N. Y., Aug. 10.— Over a
dead, damp track, made so by rain
which fell for several hours this morn-
Ing, the Grand Union Hotel stakes, the
chief feature of this afternoon's sport,
was decided. It is a guaranteed event,
with $8500 to the first horse. There
were seven starters, with the Paget
stabl^a strong favorite at 11 to 10. The
race was -a surprise, as it was won by
J. E. Madden's Siglight, which was
called a Cheap selling plater by his
owner recently. The finish was close,
many to the left of the judges* stand
thinking John "W. Schorr's Jack Lory
had won, but those in line with the
finishing point declared that Siglight
won by a neck.
He ran a remarkable race, as he was
forced back to next to the last place on
the far turn. The pace was set by Glen
Echo and Sparkling Star. In the last
furlong there was a general closing up
from the rear, and Siglight, Jack Lory
and Cairngorm became the three lead
ers. Cairngorm nearly fell at the last
furlong pole. The other two fought it
out and" Siglight won by a neck, with
Jack Lory a small margin Ln front of
Cairngorm. Summary.
FIRST RACK— Six furlongs; handicap; all
ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JOHN GEACE TO JUDGE
HITS AEE ALL BUNCHED
BIO, HUSKY YOUNGSTERS
Four Favorites Score Win
ning Brackets at the St.
Louis Track.
Betting Public Installs the
Paget Stable a Strong
Choice.
A. B. Spreckels' Thorough
breds Expected to Create
a Sensation at Sheepshead
. Whalen Has Nothing to Fool
Northern Sluggers When
They See an Easy Place
Judge Himes Makes a Show
of a Good Field at
Harlem.
Favorite Lands the Initial
Eace on Opening Day of
the Circuit at Vallejo
RUNS ARE EASY
FOR SIWASHES
California Committee Stake
at Ingleside Brings Oat
a Field of Fast Coursers
TOP-NOTCH DOGS
READY TO RACE
DWIN S SHOWS
HIS TRUE FORM
FINE YEARLINGS
TO TRAVEL EAST
MADDEN'S SIGLIGHT IS FIRST BY A NECK
IN THE GRAND UNION HOTEL STAKES
CALIFORNIA LIGHT HARNESS HORSES RACE ON THE TRACK AT VALLEJO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 19G*.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 10. — The
Idaho Maryland mine officially start
ed at noon to-day, the event being
signalized by the blowing of whistles
and a jollification in the mine. This
great property shut down four, years
ago. It is now being reopened by a
Boston company. Tears past it pro
duced many millions.
Idaho Maryland Mine Reopens.
6
AJDVEKJMSEMENTS.
HAIL TO MEN™
Even unto old age you may feel the vigor of youth, with its light
heart, elastic step, courage and tireless energy. You may be free
from pains and aches and defy your years.
. There is a fountain of perpetual youth.
J and you have only to reach out your
jm. hand and take it. You can drink of It
Iff until your heart shouts with gladness,
Jjjngk ' /// and with all your might you will pro-
v : tkjJ} mm ' C * a^ m> as other people have.
W®*\Jr <M AM STRONG!"
'^^SrM^' •vf^ff*^'^*^ lAke> the giants of old. ypu can
tgmn *z^?^ * be In your prime at sixty — strong,
| -/ ta *" - '^ vigorous and full rf youthful t-n-
iKwri \ V thusiasm.
£*rM$i\ \ ' 4i DR - M - c - Mclaughlin— Dear sir: i
J&StgWl I Si cave only worn the De!t for six weeks anl It
V^Sw'\|iii/ju done fine In my case. Every sign of pain
flaHSvUk'tvy^S and weakn *" ha" 'eft my les and I am as well
£Xttjy&Js£££%ZQ aa ev ""- I was quite lame when I first wrote
£)8&J rJtzF&MS&i you. but am all over that nnw. Yours erate-
ffl^Ml / )$* If you feel voun K v °u are v Oun! j.
w/fiBGm* /JHi Youth la strength. If you have strength
//I&lWr lMf\ you can defy your y ears - MY Electric
//jK&a /W^Va Belt w111 warm your heart and fill your
//M f3?»/ /rSt&a body with the fire of yout'.i. it will llm-
ir* fiW t M3 ber your J° ints and P ut springs in your
66r* Jjju fcr/J legs. It •will make you feel glad with
Y /&** v*§ t^ ie J oya of >* out hful vigor.
M /JrM 1M Isnt that footl for ske Ptics? Such l?t-
pJjEtSP |SL ters as I receive would convert even a
A/y^HEw -ffiE«es». bigoted old school doctor, and he can see
Jf if f£&*£i "^^J n0 sood in anything: but physic. Give
I afc^Sjl «^*yJ» Ine a man with palna in hia back, a dull
-iVJl^T^*"j*S!P/^T r A' ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and-
¦" ¦ go" pains ln hia shoulders, chest and
. sides. Sciatica in his hip. Lumbago.
™«. t> I*, ii, ¦ Rheumatism or any ache or pain, and
m 2L J w « iU pour the ol l ot life into his achinjc body and drive out every
sign or pain. No pain can exist where my Belt is worn.
its as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no
irouDie. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting,
no burning, as in the old-style belts.
Call to-day, or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes
to read If he wants to be a strong man. I send It sealed, free. Cut out this ad.
Dr. MX. McLaughlin, S?J*L r £SL&
Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 o. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1.
Seattle Office, 105 Columbia St.; Los Angeles, 129 Sonth Spring St.
..,,__.
. Swollen glands, tumors, -white swelling, sores, pustular /^^^^»
or scaly skin eruptions, flabby muscles, brittle bones, weak IP ||lp®^
digestion, emaciated, illy-nourished bodies, are some of $*>, 'TM^^A'-'^
the well-known earmarks of Scrofula. Scrofula is inher- 'M^,^(!^0Mk
ited.. Parents too closely related by the ties of blood, or n^^M§^^
tainted with consumption or blood poison, may look for
signs of Scrofula in their children. The middle-aged of ten
Have it, but children are the chief sufferers. Scrofula Q^tS^^W0
breaks down the vital forces, „, . - t ,
and the blood becomes so Unmerited S^S^iS^SSSS^SS&iM
tveak and poor that it does not ™«'^ n «.of course, weak, impure Tblood and a ran-
nourish the body. The rem- tS^SS^^S^Sti^tS^'^^l
cdy in all scrofulous affec- P^od at different times, but their treatment did
tions mustbeonethatpurifies S&ff,%S2?SS5 S^^MSSS &&&£ SS
the diseased blood, builds up dir ytton, * iv« S .trencth a^d° ner^ P build« a S§
the weak digestion, increases SUS^SSaffi&OT^^HuaSSSS
the appetite and gives new " c ««" " » fg? 16 */ l or Scrofula" il "idi Sore fo?
energy and strength to all KjSSff 1^ f tal JgS *>Jg$3£ **•£§£
life's forces. No medicine has 122 BrowneU St. . * a# IjOUIS E COHEN,
won so much fame as a blood purifier as S. S. S., and its tonic effects upon
j^*S •^"•S thes y stemarenote< l ual ed by any other remedy. It
CC CC* CO* weak * tainted Wood rich and strong, and
N^\ J^V |^^\ dnves out of the circulation all tubercular deposits
C»<J fc»-V JS-V and morbid matter that cause the glandular swelling
/TT 7T*^ , SOTes ' abscesses . tumors and other horrible symptoms
that make Scrofula so dreaded and dangerous.
Write us fully about your case. ' Medical advice will cost vou nothing.
n THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
Ye Olde English f .:«,
144 Mason. it... Just one tr»*l at Babs &
Jules'. That's all. -•HIGH WAGES AT NEW GOLD DIGGINGS
LURE SAILORS FROM THEIR SHIPS
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrorraphlc Office, XJ. B. N., Mer.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
August 10. 1904. .
- The Time Ball on the tower of the - Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
KILLED HIS HORSE.— A. Dayton yester
day commenced suit against . the United Rail
roads for $1550 damages because, as alleged,
one of the corporation's cars on Sixteenth
street collided with his horse and wagon, kill
ing the animal and ruining the rig. The acci
dent happened July 11.
¦WESTPOrVr— Arrived Au« 10— Stmr Green
wood, hence Aug 0.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Aur 10— Schr
Meteor, for 8an Pedro.
COOS BAY — Arrived Aug 10— Schr Novelty,
hence July 28.
BANDON — Arrived Auk 10— Schr Onward,
hence July 23.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Auk 10— Schrs Lucy
and Caroline, from Umpqua; echr Tauru*.
from Port Gamble. '
Sailed Aus 10— Bktn Chas F Crocker, for
Port Townsend: etmr Santa Crux, for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aur 10— Bktn John
Palmer for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Auk 10— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San FranelBco.
ISLAND PORTS.
KAHULUI— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Nevadan,
from Honolulu.
HONOLULU— Arrived Augr &— TJ g stmr
Logan, hence Aug 1: U 8 stmr Solace, from
Manila. EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aflg »— Fr b»rk
Jane ' Guillen, from Dunkirk. .
Cleared Aug 9— Ship John Ena, for fihanrhai.
Sailed Aug 10— Ship John Ena. for Shanghai.
NEW YORK— Arrived Auk 10— Stmr AlU
anca, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Auk »— Ft bark Bon
champa, htace March IB.,. ¦
Passed Auk 6 — Fr bark Colonel de Villebols
Mareuil, from Antwerp, for Portland. Ore.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug 0 — 8tmr 8an Juan,
tor Ancon:: «tmr Ean Joee, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Bailed Au». 8— Stmr City : of
Peking, for San Francisco. .'
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Aug 10 — Stmr
Deutschlaad, from New Xoric - :..
• Tahiti with a general merchandise cargo, val
ue J at 32S.94G and including the following:
1674 bb!s Sour. 414S gals wine, 44.906 Ibs
rice, 63 ctls wheat. 23S ctls barley, 10.889 Ibs
eugar, 18 pkgs betr, £S3 cs earned salmon, 27
I k£» pickled calmon* 1S3 cs assorted canned
gooes, 507 Ibs butter, 401 lbs ham and bacon,
M9 lbs meal*. 7518 lbs bran, 765 lbs 4 cs
eH«ese, 11,170 lbs fn.li. 74 pkfrs groceries and
provisions, 2743 lbs lard. 6C79 lbs beans. 23.243
f ' .Merchandise for Tahiti.
The steamer Maxiycsa ea!led on Tuesday for
.NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
The rate of reinsurance on the Pionier wti
advanced yesterday to 8S per cent. The Earn
•mount's rate «m also marked up 5 per cent
ana she is now quoted at 20 per cent.
The Overdue List.
The schooner Robert R. Hird, from this port
for Astoria, wer.t adhere Tuesday night on De»
<5emona Sands In the Columbia River. She is
thought to have sustained no damage and no
difficulty is anticipated in setting her afloat.
Robert R. Hind Goes Ashore.
Attorney George T. Wright ap
peared before the Board of Works to
urge that Dermlts to sell flowers on
the sidewalks at points designated by
an ordinance of the Supervisors be
granted to applicants In view of the
Superior Court decision that the ordi
nance Is legal. President Schmltz in
formed Wright that the board was
considering the regulations prepared
by L. M. King, secretary of the- Mer
chants' Association, to govern the sale
of flowers in the free markets. Schmita
stated that the board would be ready
to grant permits next Monday.
The board accepted the bid of
Goorge E. Carter to furnish 100 poles
for the Market-street Illumination at
519 50 each. : -; —
Board of Works Bows to Superior
• Court Decision — Awards Con
tract for Poles.
WILL GRANT PERMITS FOR
STREET FLOWER PEDDLERS
Fred Ltidberg. who lives at 250 Oak Grove
avenue, lost his footing yesterday when alight
'ing from a car at Third and Folpom «treet«.
'He fell and the wheel of a. passing truck roiled
over fci« right hand, crushing the fingers to a
pulp. He probably will lose half his hand.
His Injuries were attended at the Harbor Ho«
piUU by Dr. Kucich.
Hand Badly Crushed.
Wednesday. August 10.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson. 7 hours from
Port Rodners.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing; bound for Hueneme; put in for fuel.
Stmr Iaqua, Jors^jison. SO hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer, 19 hours from Union
Landing; bound south; called In for passengers.
Stmr BrtakwaUr. Seaman, 33 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Asuncion, Brldgett, 30 hours from
Ventura.
Schr Newark. Reinertsen. 12 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Pearl. Soderholm, 14 days from Sand
Point.
Schr Bessie K, Btark, 12 hour« from Ban
Vicente Landing.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Harsen, 8 days from
Sluslaw River.
Schr Mayflower, Goodmansen, 6 days from
Sluslaw.
Schr PrentisSi Ahlstrom, 23 hours from
Eureka, • ,
CLEARED.
Wednesday, August 10.
Stmr .Teanle. Bartlett. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr State of California, NIcolson, San Dl
etfo and way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship
Company.
Rktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu; Williams 1 ,
Dlmor.d £ Co.
Brig J D Sprockels, Koehler, Sanak, via
Dutch Harbor; Alaska Crdflsh Company.
SAILED.
Wednesday, August 10.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. Hueneme. '
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, Port Hodgers.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Moggie,' Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Geo W Eld;r, Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer, San Pedro.
Stmr Alcazar, Wlnkcl. Greenwood.
Stmr Jeanle, Bartlett, Seattle.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, Fort Bragre.
Ftmr Marshfield, Dettmers. Greenwood.
Bktn Irmguard, Schmidt, Honolulu. ¦
Schr William Olsen, Rorvick, Grays Harbor.
Schr Sailor Boy, Olsen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Abbie. I.arsen, Fort Rosn.
Schr Alice Klmball, Sorenson. .
¦ Echr Jennie Griffin. Campbell, Bodera.
Barge Tidal Wave. Johnson, Fort Bragar,
In tow of stmr Brunswick.
SPOKEN.
July 17— Lat 17 S, long 38 W, Fr ship Biar
ritz, from Shields, for San Francisco.
July 17 — Lat 17 S. long 38 W, Fr bark
Guethary, from Rotterdam, for San Francisco.
Per schr Pearl. July 2!> — In Bering Sea bktn
Fremont, with 50,000 codfish.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 10, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind NW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA — Arrived Auk 9— Schr Robert R
Hind, hence July 26; stmr Alliance, hence
Aug 5. '
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Santa
Clara, from Valdez. Auc 9 — Br ehlp Anaurus,
from Hamburg; stmr DolDhin, from Skagway.
Sailed Aug 10 — Stmr City of Tooeka, toe
Skagway.
EUREKA — Arrived Aur 10— Stmr Phoenix,
hence Aug 8. . . . r
Palled Auk 10— U S otmr Ranger, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Auk 10— Stmr Navarro, hence Aug
S; schr Bertie Minor, from San Pedro: schr
Ida McKay, hence Aug 4.
Sailed Auk 10 — Stmr Toledo (new), for San
Francisco.
NOME— Sailed July 19— Schr Snow & Bur
gess for Ladysmlth.
CAPE FLATTERY— Passed in Auk 10—
Schr Snow St. Burgess, from Nome, for Lady
smith. .
TATOOSH — Passed in Auk 10— Nor stmr
Titan la, henc« Aug 76 for Nanaimo; achr Snow
& Burgess, from Nome, for Ladysmlth. .
Passed out Aug 10— Stmr Tellus, from Lady
smith, for San Francisco.
Passed in Aur 10— Stmr Queen. henc« An*
8 for Victoria.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aur 10— Schr North
Bend, hence July 28. .
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Jas
S lilgglna. hence Aug 9.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Centralla Pan Pedro Aug. 11
San Pedro San Ptdro iAtg. 11
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena! Aug. 11
fcanta Kosa.. F an v- cgo & \v ay Pts.lAug. 11
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 12
Pomona HumboltU Aug. 12
Columbia Portland & Astoria Aug. 12
T*llus Oyster Harbor Aug. 12
North Fork.. Humboldt Aug. 12
Coos Bay i San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 12
Chico j Portland & Astoria Aug. 13
Arcata i Coot 13ay. & Pt. OrfordiAug. 13
St. Paul ! Nome & St. Michael. ..I Aug. 13
S.Monica Grays Harbor (Aug. 13
City Peking.. New York via Ancon.. Aug. 14
Arctic Humboldt Aug. 14
Elizabeth Ccxjuille River Aug. 14
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 14
Umatllla Puget Hound Ports Aug. 14
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Aug. 14
Sequela Willapa Harbor Aug. 14
State of Cal.. Pan Diego & V.'ay Pts JAug. 15
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia I Aug. 15
Corona Humboldt JAug. 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 16
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. Aug. 16
Coronado Grays Harbor '....Aug. 1(1
G. \V. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Aug 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Aug! 17
San Jose New York via Ancon.. Aug. 18
Siberia China & Japan Aug. 19
Queen Puget Sound Ports Aug. 19
Nevadan. ... . Honolulu & Kahulul Aug. 21
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 22
Break water. . Coos Bay JAug. 22
TO SAIL.
Bteamer. • Destination. I Sails.] Pier.
A ug-us t 11. | |
Samoa I>os Angeles Ports. '10 am'Pier 2
Leelanaw...! Seattle direct 4 pm Pier 2
Ccntraila... iGrays Harbor 4 pmiPier 10
Eureka I Humboldt 9 am!Pier 13
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pmiPier 2
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p! Pier 9
Bonita Newport &. Way... 9 amiPler 11
Centennial..) Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPler 20
Ktate of Cal iSan Dlcgo & Way. 9 amiPier 11
< Augnst 12. I
Breakwater. I Coos Bay 5 pnrPler 8
Newburg... JGrayH Harbor I 4 pmiPier 10
Ramses | Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier la
Rainier i Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pmiPier 10
Aus-uct 13. |
laiyja 'Humboldt 6 pm|Pler 2
Pt. Arena...': Point Arena 4 pmiPier 2
Newport N. Y. via Ancon. 12 ml Pier 40
City Puebla.' Puget Sound Ports 11 amiPier 9
Aurclla j Aftoria & Portland 5 pm|Pler 27
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmiPier 2
Argo Eel River Port*... 4 prr-IPier 2
Augnst 14. |
Pomona Humboldt Jl:30piPier U
S. Rosa San Diego & Way.| 9'amlPler 11
AugTUftt 15. | I
S. Barbara.. I^os Angeles Ports. | 4 pmiPier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier- £0
Columbia:.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Cooa Bay... San Pedro & Way. I 9 am Pier 11
AUffUSt 16. | |
Elizabeth... CoqulUe River I 6 pmiPier 20
Angnst 17. I
Arctic Humboldt | 9 am Pier 2
August 18.
Sequoia Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
Ventura Sydney & Way ... 2 pm Pier 7
Doric China & Japan 1 pmiPier 40
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
St. Paul iNome & St.Mlchael 2 pm Pier —
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor Pier —
August 19. I I
Alliance.... Eureka & Cooa B. 5 pmiPier 16
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier 10
August 30. I
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Peking. N. Y. via Ancon. |12 m Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. -
Dolphin. Ekagway & Way Ports. Aug. 12
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward Aug. 12
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Port*. Aug. 13
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 15
Jefferson Skagway Sc Way Ports. Aug. 15
Garonne Nome direct Aug. 16
Santa Ana. . . Seldovla tc Way Ports. Aug. 18
Movements of Steamers.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height o( High and Low .Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Hay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hiph and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. AUGUST 11.
Sun rises 5:21
Pun sets 7:19
Moon sets (new) 0:00 p. m.
M iTimel (Time! ITlme Time
» I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
n IL. W| lH W| |L. \V H W
11 5:02-70.8111:67 5.0 5:02 2.2 11:151 {T&
12 5:44 O.€ll2:ar, 5.2 6:52 1.8 ...:.
H W L W H W L W .
13 0:07 5.6; (!:23— 0.21 1:15 5.4 6:47 1.5
14 1:02 5.3 7:14 0.3 1:56 5.5 7:46 1.4
lf> 2:00 4.0 8:02 0.01 2:37 5.S 8:47 1.3
l(i :t:07 4.5 8:50 1.6 3:25 . 5.5 9:5'J 1.1
17 4:21 4.2 9:431 2.2| 4:18 5.4111:02 0.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time; the
fourth time column glve3 the last tide of tho
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights grlven are in
addition to the soundings cf the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
gi«5n precedes .the height., and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon anil Tide.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
had its attention called yesterday by
Supervisor Rock to the fact that the
Board of Works- was paying $12 per
day as rental for street sweeping' ma
chines. Rock thought the machines
should be bought outright. Herbert
Sthmitz of the Board of Works stated
the machines cost $1200, but the
board was investigating the suction
machines used in Los Angeles and
other methods of street sweeping and
the machines may be dispensed with.
He promised to report on the matter
in two weeks.
Action on the complaint of Mrs.
Mary Drady that her property had
been damaged through blasting opera
tions of Lantry €c Sons on the Santa
Fe property in the Potrero, the parties
agreeing: to select persons competent
to appraise the damages.
The petition of citizens calling at
tention to the violations of the ordi
nance requiring safety devices on side
walk elevators was referred to the
Merchants' Association for investiga
tion as to suitable devices, so the ordi
nance may be revised and enforced.
Sixteen property-owners yesterday
filed a protest against the acceptance
of the bitumen used for the new pave
ment on Fair Oaks street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-sixth, on
the ground that it is too soft and was
improperly cooked. The Street Com
mittee postponed action on the ac
ceptance of the blocks until after a
hearing.
Purchase the Apparatus for
Economical Reasons.
Supervisors Want Board of Works to
RENTAL OF SWEEPING
MACHINES IS HIGH
The Britii-h ship Brodick Cantle. bound from
Iquique for Honolulu, was epoken the other
cay ln-2O:.'5S north, 17:18 west, by the navy
transport fc'&iace, which arrived yesterday at
•Honolulu. The BnxJIck Castle waa tiylng sig
nals of distress. Her chronometer was broken
and her supply ot provisions was exhausted.
.The Solace supplied the sailing vessel with food
enoug-h to last until the reached Honolulu and
t;ive the captain his correct position.
The "-(earner II- J- Corcoran has resumed her
p!ac«> oa the run between here and Vallejo.
Fh« has been on the drydock and has ur.der
tfoM a thorough overhauling, inside and out.
Prevtosfljjr the fartett boat cf her kind en ths
• • b»y. she row makes the run to Vallejo in ten
; mrauw' leps time than before. She will re
" «mmt h«r Sunday excursion trips next Sunday,
when She will leave her berth at Clay street for
* tare&tjr-mU*. run up the Sacramento River,
calling &X Mare Island, Glen Cove and lilo Vis
- ta. On these Sunday trips the geta back to
• th« city at 7:30 p. ix.
Solaco Relieves Distressed Ship.
Corcoran Snoecllcr Than Befor
The recent discovery of placer gold
;on the beach at Sand Point has added
'to the troubles of. the skippers c-f the
vessels of the cod-flshing f.eet. The
schooner Pearl arrived yesterday, 14
¦ dayfc from Sand Point, and Captain
•Sod<yholm reports a large number of
desertions from all vessels touching at
the Alaska fishing port. The Pearl lost
Borne erf her men and ihat they did not
.ail go, says the skipper, is due more
¦ to his vigilance than to the sailors'
. sense of duty.
All available claims have been
¦staked out, but the owners fire offer
ing J10 to J12 a day for men to work
them and the bait is too tempting for
most- sailors to resist. The diggings
-have proved rich and' the ground is
easily worked.
. The Peari brought S8.000 codfish. She
.spoke the barkeniinp Fremont in the
Bering Sea, vith 50,000 fish.
?
."7.'. bblE fldor, PI, 8C3 lbs bran, 12,117 lbs
midJHrrs. 17 IC bales hay, 70 ctls v.-heat, 7142
ctla barley. 513 ctls oats. 200 ctla corn, 13,<XiO
ibs beans, la.i.V* lb« 10 cs meals. 37.302 lbs
sug-ar. 15<JO lbs butter, 22 pk*s groceries and
provisions. V2"0 cs canned grood3, 6587 lbs
bread, 72tT lbs lanl, 3224 grals lo cs wine, 220
Fks potatoes. 72"0 lbs salt, 000 lbs coffee. 200
!bs lea, 2i> bxs fresh fruits. 75 bxs paste, 4'J
Kals, 25 cs whisky, 114.! lbs peas. 304 krps
liiartinj? i>ov.-dcr. 727 pk(?s K>ap, <> pkgs dry
goods, o bdls brooms'. 25 bbls rosin, 55 pks*
furniture. IflO >-ks platter. 25 bxs> candles, 200
car wheels, 6 coops poultry, 140 live hogs.
The barkentire Irmpard sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted cargo, valued at
J32.«?0S an.l including the following:
A Car^o for Honolulu.
lbs 3 cs bread. 25 pkps fresh veKotab!*>«, 113
I'fcps frtFh fruits, 112 pkgs potatoes. 42 pkiea
onions. 425 lbs dried fruit, ti cs « frgs, 7.°>7 lbs
fresh meat. M.S9S fl 1C3 pki^s lumber. 103 roils
rope, C3 pkR« dry goods. 11 bales twins. 41 cs
2 bbls oil. 3" pkK.i drugs and sundries, 10 cs
coal nil, 24 j.kRS waieon material. IS cs boots
and fhoes, lo cs turpentine. r> cs arms an3 am
muniticn. 15S bxs soap, 21 S Mis «hook». 60
pfcga jiaints. 2<> coila v.-^re. 6:t pkgs iron. 4.'{ j kts
millv/ork, S4 bdls pickets, t>G jikgs nails. 6 bdls
bass.
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
SCHOONER PKAHL. WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM SAND POINT WITH 38.000 COP IN HER KOL.D. CAPTAIN RE
PORT? THAT NEWLY DISCOVERED PLACER MIXES ARE OFFERING $12 A DAY WAGES AXD THAT SAILORS ARE DE
SERTING FROM EVERY VESSEL THAT VISITS FISHING PORT.
Chester Donaldson. United States
Consul at Managua, has been a guest
at the Occidental Hotel for two days.
He is enjoying a leave of absence from
his southern post. Regarding the con
ditions in Nicaragua, Consul Donaldson
says the Central American republic has
never before enjoyed the prosperity she
is now experiencing. Peace has appar
ently been permanently established
throughout the republic, and this fact
has given encouragement to foreigners
to invest much capital in industrial
projects there.
It is the opinion of the Consul that
the building of the canal through Pan
ama instead of through Nicaragua,
while a great disappointment to the
people of the latter country, will not
greatly affect Nicaragua, whose citizens
have turned their attention to the de
velopment of their own territory and
are rapidly forgetting that they ever
hoped for a canal. In view of the fact
that the canal route through Nicaragua
has been abandoned, Consul Donaldson
thinks that the United States will soon
make a number of changes in its con
sular service In that country.
Several years ago, when it was hoped
by this Government that Nicaragua
might have the canal, the authorities at
Washington established a consulate at
Bluefields and placed in its charge the
entire consular business on the Atlan
tic side of the republic. Donaldson was
then put in charge of , the business orig
inating on the Pacific side. It is now
expected that in the near future the
United States Government's entire
Nicaraguan consular service will be su
'pervised from the capital of the coun
try. At present the United States Min
ister 'accredited to Nicaragua has his
headquarters at San Jose, Costa Rica.
Consul Donaldson has been a resident
of Nicaragua for nine years and has
held his present position for five.
The Board of Harbor Commissioners I
yesterday opened bids for the construe- j
tion of a car ferry slip in China Basin. ]
The Santa Fe Railway Company was
the only bidder and won the contract. \
The corporation offers to construct the \
slip for $30,000 and- take a lease on the
property for seventy-two months. At
the expiration of this time the property
will revert to the State. A- suitable |
bond accompanied the bid, which was
accepted without opposition.
President Spear called attention to
the fact that tl:e work on the new stair
way in the ferry building is not accord
ing to specifications. The Imitation
Tennessee marble being used is thicker
than called for in the plans and is also
off color. Spear said the contractor had
told him that in the course of years
the imitation marble would fade to the
desired color and it was impossible to
make it any thinner. He offered to
give up the contract, for a bonus of $700.
This offer was not accepted and the
matter was turned over to the board's
engineer for investigation.
Giovanetti & Son, commission mer
chants, asked that the permit to do
business on the State wharves, which
was revoked last week, be renewed. In
their communication the firm says that
it has withdrawn from the Produce
Dealers' Association and is willing to
abide by the spirit and letter of the
Woodward act and the regulations of
the Harbor Commissioners. , A new
permit was, by motion of Commissioner
Kirkpatrick, granted the firm.
Attention was called by President
Spear to the injunction Issued by Judge
Kerrigan on application of Webster &
Dunbar, G. B. Olcese. Jonas Erlanger-
Davis Company and Schultz, Hansen &•
Co. temporarily restraining the board
from interfering with the business of
these firms on the wharves. The mat
ter was. referred to the attorney for the
board without comment.
A communication from the Southern
Pacific Company asking that the board
I arrange for the dredging of Channel
! street to a depth of twenty feet from
! Fourth street to deep water in the bay
; was referred to the chief engineer.
i The board adjourned until next
J Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
United States Commercial
Agency at Bluefields May
Be Transferred to Capital
Produce Firm Withdraws
From Association and May
Do Business on Wharves
NEW PERMIT IS ISSUED
FOREIGN CASH INVESTED
Harbor Commission Awards
the Job of Constructing
China Basin Ferry Slip
American Consul at Mana
gua Avers Loss of Canal
Will Not Hurt Nicaragua
SANTA FE GETS
THE CONTRACT
SAYS COUNTRY
IS PROSPEROUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtL,. THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 190*.
Schooner Pearl Returns From Cod Fishing Cruise Minus
Some of Her Crew and Captain Soderholm Reports That
.".: . Sand Point Mine Owners Are Inducing Men to Desert
7
Worth of the
FRCSHJSST AND BEST
COFFEE
DISTRIBUTED FIUKE BY THE
CALL
TO ITS WANT AD PATROXS.
KJRSI'A pound can of
J. A. FOLGEITS GOLDEN
I GATE COFFEE
WILL BE GIVEN FREE
TO EVERY WANT
ADVERTISER
.IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Only one can of this high
cla&s coffee will be given to a
want advertiser, and none but
those presenting a, bona fide
want ad to the business office of
this paper on Thursday, Friday
and Saturday for Insertion In
THE WANT COLU3INS
- OF NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Will be entitled to receive this
premium.
See announcement, classified
- pages.
Agua Cal iente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open ail the
year found; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
Ban Francisco, temperature 113 degrees; no
etaxlnir; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism.
Hfihma and all kindred ailments. We have flvs
different Hot Sulphur Spring*; tub and plunge
baths and the largeat mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Calient*
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
W* have erected a stone building, modem
dining-room: can seat 40O gu—ta.
Grand £aa*aajlhju * Band
Elcctricaig 3 Concerts
Display | $QW 3 *>aUy
exjnnmnro vsrvrrs^
3S/SHT/I I T117E
Sjlsjuulsls. Finest slslslslsul^
P.unge.Surf £ £~SS~j 3 Fireworts
«nd Tub Jo Bathmg 3 Water SportJ
Baths jo On thC 3 Roof Gardtni
Oancinj !« Coast S< Summer
Boiiing and j« o| Theatrkali
Fine Salmon jo Some- Z\ Vaudeville j
Fishinj g thing i Specialties
Lovely Drives g DoUlfl 3 * •*
Aon^ the Jo 11 +±9 3 Special R*tts
Coast and g Tfrnl S via S. P. Ry
Through the jo lmiC 3 During the
Redwoods TPnnnrS'tS'VW Entire Seuoa
Santa Gatalina Island
Stt Hours From Los Angeles. Season 130a.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountajn goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on xh»
j coast.
Cama Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metrojole.
Modern In all particulars.
For further Information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BURBATJ, 11
Montgomery st.. or BANNING CO.. 223 S.'
Spring st.. Los Anreles.
TDTZ.. O. O. O']DOrT2STE3IjI_iS'
M1NEKAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN',
the best camping, picnic and pleasure. r«-
! scrt on the coast. The greatest remedy for
I lung disease, liver and stomach complatats.
i rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 44
> miles from 8. F. The 8. P. R. R. and S. F.
r A N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
: no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
I water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Meal*
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable, rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. olfic*
1021 u Market st.. bet Sixth acd Seventh, Saa
Francisco. ,'¦ ¦
THE NEW HOTEL AT
/VDA/WS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows tbat Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney disease*).
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. pju.
THER. j __^
VACATION- TEIPS.
Low Round-Trip Bates.
August and September are the best months
for camping and outing trips along the North
Shore. Wenther warm and bright. No fog;
nor wind. Low round trip rates ($1 to 13 75)
to Camp Taylor. Tocaloma, Point Reyes, Mar-
shalls. Camp Pistolesl, Camp Meeker, Tyrone,
Monte Rto, Mesa Grande, Duncans Mills, Wat-
sons and Cazadero. Comfortable hotels, cot-
tages and c»mr». Hunting and fishing trips.
I Boating and bathing. Special low rates on
Sunday, also Friday or Saturday to Monday.
Through tickets from points In San Joaquln or
Sacramento valleys. Get copy "Summer Out-
Ings" and "Short Scenic Trips" at North Shore
office, 626 Market street.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extensively Improved: new hotel; gas light.
large dining-room, telephone, bunting, fishing:,
swimming, bowling, dancing, all amusements
Personal management. Get booklet, 30 Mont-
gomery street, DR. W. A. McCORNACK, Prop.
LA HONDA AND PBSCADBRO
Bay your railroad ticket to Redwood City; *
a. m. train. Sd and Townsend. and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City.
Cmt _•
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with -
trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 13:30;
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-passesger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
fett Springs, call tor tickets by Bartlett spr:a?§
Etage Line. Tickets can be purchased a: ofnc«
of California N. W. Ry.. &0 Market St.. or
at Tlburon ferry.
MILLER * HOWARD. Props.
WHITE SVZf STTS SF&XKGS, TaUi }©,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to San Krancueo,
round trip II. no stags fare; only 2H hours-
ride: 6 miles from Vallejo ; hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, nturalitia. eczema, kidney liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak*
for boatlnir and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates,
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN*
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
KOBTX SSOBE HOTEI^-On Tomal**
Bay. Good table and accommodations Hou*e
gas lighted Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
SHI ELDS Marshalls. Marln County. Cal.
SCSLAXrSS'S CBOTS — JtOSS VALIET.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. Tcaas
meets Sunday morning trains. - Addreaa Mrt*.
MATT LINDSAY. Ros« Station.
SUTEBSIDB HOTXX. axUl COTTAOES
— Near beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds: ap«~
clil rates to families: write for booklet. F.
8ARS0N. Proprietor, B*nt* Grus.
BARTLETT
\ SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to cure
all the ills tbat humanity Is heir to. but
thousands of people have been benefited
by the use of Bartlett Water and many
cured. •
If you would Improve your health and
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
Springs, where there Is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amucements and com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottages. $3 00 to $6 00 per
week.
Send for a booklet that will tell you all
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. * McMAHAN, Bartlett
Springs. Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter St.. San
Francisco. - .*:
HPusoein
Mineral Springs,
OP2N EVEBT SAT 131 TZS TEAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year an*
three months sgo I was attacked with that
terrible disejge. locomotor ataxis. Power t»
balance. stajSl. or even sit down, entirely loet.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
BprlCKn. Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. 1 ha4
catarrh of stomach bead and bladder a. a r»-
»ult of the tllseaM: tbea* troubles bec*n)»
chronic At times my heart would beat like »
cram, my eye. grew weak my memory bad.
mT nTves wrecked. Three months ago I wen*
to Tuacaa 8prlngs. What happened slae» »«»
» pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
took the baths— after thre« weeks' treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder aad kidney* *» V^-
rect condition, eyeaicht pertsct. nervoo«ne«#
rone, memory rood. After three, months' treat-
ment, walked without a can*, wttfc eye* elos«4
and up and down steep hills; am cured ot this
«r««d disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores in seventeen town* ot the
Bute of CaUtorola: am well known la down-
town districts of San Francisco*, inquiry there.
will prove truth of my helpless condition thr**
month, ago. Further Information. addre*«
T.OUI3 JACOBS! « 8tockton .U. Saa arraadeco.
Cal.
We have hundreds of testimonials tronj
ethers. s«nd 00c ta stamps for bottle- ot
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round- trip .ticks ¦•
•t reduced rates. Southern Paclflo.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP..'
Tuscan. Cal»
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs san Lu i* aI obl$!M> -
Th» most Ideal reeort for Blemsor* »n t
healUt on the Paclflo Coast. Boy round
trip ticket from Ean Francisco to Sao
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. Saa Lais
Obispo, Cal.. and return. Including staffs
to and from springs and one week'.
board for f2O.OO to ?--.<M>, according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations *J>.«><> to 912.00 per week.
Scenic surrounding.. free bathinc.
boating and flshisg on grounds. Fine
thady walks, tennis and croquet gTOtinds.
dance pavilion for sweats. Flae sea
beach one mlle> from Hot Sulphur Springs
Cettajrea and furniture are all saw. Oas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table 1. well supplied with the b«at the
market afford.. Our stag* meets train*
: arriving at :*an tAiis Oblsso at 3:1S p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR J
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
Mfi^T-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SVRT
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER
SEIGLER S&,
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Posi-
tive cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters for llvtr, kidney and all stomach trou-
bles. Swimming pond, orchestra. Fare $» re-
turn trip. Electric light.. Housekeeping cor.
tapes. Arsenic beauty baths. Rates $10 ta $12
per week. Baths and amusements free. IL H.
McGOWAN. prop., Seigler, Lake Co.. CaL
LAKE COUNTY
New. eocnfortahl* earrtagea direct to t**
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calls-
toga daily (Sundays excepteJ) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Seigler. Adams. Howard. Aa-
derscn. Boberirs. Spiers. Astorgs and OK-n-
brook: talf bour for lunch at Callstoea; also t»
Ulddletowa. Lower Lake. KeUeyvtU* sj»J
Lakcpon. Uv«ry in connection.
V-rV.t". W1 *. 8PIKR3. Proprietor.
OWN la mountains CAM?
ST/SSSXSB HOME of Sonoiaa Co. MIE OB
Pure water, equable climate, lots selltcK tu>
up; cottaxes built by Meeker. (50 up; depot;
stores; restaurant: hotel; coet and express;
telephone; sawmill; 900 lots sold: 300 cotta*-s
built. Fausallto ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER. Camo Meeker, Sonoma County.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM
Not a hofloltal; best equipped on Coaat: mod-
ern Improvements; large treatment rooms ;
l<5»al location; B>j acres; oce block from street
cars; write for literature. San Jose. Cal.
THE TAX.Z^.C. I.AKE TAEOE, "*T^
BOTH PLANS— AMERICAN and EtTRO-
PEAN. Rates: AMERICAN— J3 per day and
upward. $17 SO per week and upward. EURO-
PEAN — Rooms. $1 per day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations. livery and boat-
Ins superior to any resort on the lake.
MASK WEST SPEXNGS.
H KOEMER. Prop. MRS. J. D. DROST
and MRS. #1. KOENER will manage sprlnzs;
many imDrovements: new cement bathhouse*,
and gas all over place: $2 day: $10 and 113
week. Office. 833 Larkln it., cor. Oeary. or
Mark West Springs. Santa Rosa. Rural No. ti.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Crux Mountains t
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr.. Olbba. CaL
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AMD
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving 9. T.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Trucke*
with train reaching S. F. at 7:0O a, m.
THE BROCKWAY HOTEL,
LAKE TAHOE.
Beside ths usual attractions of a L*k» Taho*
resort we have the only hot springs, the moat
sheltered shore and best flahing. FRANK, B.
ALVERSON. Manaxer.
KUBXCOH PASS- A delightful resort
on shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beacli
for bathing oa tha lake. Fine fly nahin* aad
hunting in season. Boats, fishing tackU aad
horses at moderate hire. Rates $3 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telspnon*.
A. L- FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. CaL
nCCD DIDV I VV»nd cottages: 6 mils* from
VCtO. t AKJk lllil Lake Tahoa; open Juns 1;
elevation 6507 feet: mineral springs^ Booklet
Travelers' Office, 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Dear Park. Cat
CAMPBHIl HOT SPBZSGS.
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra Countj,
(000 feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley, to
nitles long by 5 miles wide, surrounding wlUca
Is the great primeval forest of pine aad flr. A
specialty Is mads of the table. The hot spring*
are nnequaled for the cur* of rheumatism.
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per weak. Round trip from Saa
Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 Mi Stag*
tfally *xc*pt Sunday, eonaectxnff wtUk I s, a.
trala tr«s» tea FraacUca,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t*fet STOMACH g*
Thousands of sickly people have
been restored to health and strength
by the use of the Bitters. Many of
them voluntarily testify that it cured
them of Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Con-
stipation, Biliousness, Kidney Trou-
bles or Malaria. It will cure you, too.
Try it to-day.
j6r€®3^fea» MEN AND WOMEN.
*?!^^yVXJUKb'^^3 Cm Big G for unnatBral
jafc&WlB I to 6 dait/Sn dlicliorges.inCaiuraationi.
A&!*/ Oatruitted \4 irriutlone or,ulcer»tloai
R*b*jl ntt to airlotart. of mucoDl uicmbrftBst.
¦"» 4 rr«»e«t» CmUftw FainUu, and not Mtrlo*
KWrKEEUKSCytMICilCO. s»nt or poiionou*.
V"3sk OIKCIKIUlUEsM »« Jd **T »rai,«l«to,
*•¦•*• 3|r o* sent In plain wrapper,
rfS&fjasK^^ __^d£%i$i br exprew. prepaid, tot
V&H&raSSflS5ra tl.OO. or S bottles S3.7K.
H circnUi- toot oa reanert-
¦ " ¦ '
There is shade galore at
AETNA SPRINGS.
Great oaks and pines and
dozens of other kinds.
There are lawns and
gaudy flower beds and
fountains, too. Just send
for booklet. Aetna
Springs Co., Napa Co.,
Cal. .
Hotel EL GARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "Th« Little Dei
Monte." At the eeasid* with borne comfort*.
The Dlace to «p«nd your vacation with your
family. Surf bathinc and fishing. Rate*
with board $2 CO a day upward, cheaper than
•taylnf ' home. Send for illustrated pamphlet*
Address OEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
I CAMP CURRY 2
G«t circulars at all railroad office*. ,
k Advertised by 4000 suesta. <
| YOSEMITE
Saratoga Springs.
16 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or at J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. P.. LaHe Co.. OX
._,_-,__,. Menlo Park, one hour from
IB II ITT JO clty - NlD<> train, dally. Per-
HIIS I I A fect climate; baautliu! place;
II U I I I V comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
¦Addr*W W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtfs School
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
'Beswlck. Sltklyou County. Cal If o ml*. -
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
HOWELL ML, WOODWORKS tWJt
Mo foe.' Purest spring < water. Climate natural
tonic and, invlgorator. ' Residence 2!) year.. $7
«er week. Woodworm & Mailer, fit. Helena, C*l,
. ,. ¦ - - ¦ ¦¦ -. ¦- -r ¦- . --; - 1 ¦:¦.-¦¦. - -.Chicago has innocently and ingenuously presented to
the 'world another human freak of her civilisation. He
is a man of wealth who has tired of opulence and pines
for the pains and pleasures of poverty. By all means
send him West. We have a thousand. and one means of
assisting him to realize his ambition as speedily as he or
any; one else can desire.
The volume of statistics Just' issued
bjj- the London County Council con
wins some interesting figures bearing
on the condition of London. The most
remarkable - fact brought under notice
is the steady decline in the birth rate.
In 1867 it reached a little over 36% per
1000. while in 1902 it fell to a little over
28 per* 1000. The death rate In 1902 was
the lowest ever recorded except that of
1S01, .which, slightly.- less. , s
London's Lack of Storks.
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic flre-etched bojres. 715 Market at*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'9). 230 Cal
llornia street. Telephone Main 1041. •
SEQUENCE— A. P. P., Alameda. Cal.
In poker a sequence is five cards, not
of the same suit but all in sequence.
In computing the value of a sequence
an ace counts either as the highest or
the lowest card— that is, below a deuce
or above a king. When each party
holds a sequence the hand commencing
with the highest card in sequence wins:
so, also, when two or more parties hold
flushes against each other. If there is
a tie the next highest card In either
or any hand wins. ,
The Superior Court, in a decision^ recently rendered,
draws a fine distinction between "office" and "employ
ment" as applied/ to the leisurely occupation of the serv
ants of the municipality. While there may be to the
legal mind some similarity between the terms, if not an
identity, to the lay mind public office and employment
are as far removed from each other as the poles. Their
association would be an absurdity. :
LETTERS— A Reader, City. There
is a law In California that makes it a
crime for a person to open a letter ad
dressed to another. Under a strict con
struction of that law a husband would
not have the right to open his wife'a
letters, but if the old idea that a man
and his wife are one prevails, he prob
ably would have the right to open such.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
"5 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, July 27.— Wonder
how Mr. Pinero likes Jt? Wonder if he
isn't a bit jealous of Mr. Barrie? This
year's season, Jike last year's, starts
with new plays coming from both dra
matists, and once more, the elder play
wright seems in danger of being
eclipsed by the younger. In spite of
Mr. Barrie'p string of successes — "The
Little Minister," "Quality Street" and
"The Admirable Crichton" — probably up
to last fall no one thought of his wrest
ing from Pinero his title of premier
British dramatist. Pinero least of all.
But "Letty" and "Little Mary," pro
duced within a few nights of each oth
er, afforded a rather striking compari
son so far as popularity was concerned.
The Pinero play Interested the town
and has run somewhat over a' hundred
nights, but Barrie's "dramatic Joke"
was the craze of the season and gave
up the ghost only,, after 250 perform.
Pin era's Rival
REPORTS from London announce that at last Col
onel Younghusband's "commercial mission" of
regular Indian troops has arrived at the gates of
the Forbidden City of Lhasa. After having dragged their
gatlings and their howitzers over the summit of the Him
alayas and used them to good effect more than once on
the barren steppes of Tibet, these missionaries of a
commercial creed are now at their destination. The
world awaits the results of their preachment.
That the anxiety of some interested nations as well
as the doubts at home might be set at rest there' were
recently read, before Parliament all of the official pa
pers bearing upon the Tibetan mission. These, coupled
with the assurances solemnly pronounced to Russia, and
more recently to the United States, at least define the
position Great Britain has taken in the Tibetan affair if
they do not allay unrest in the suspicious hearts ' of
some.of her near neighbors on the Continent. ,
"A trade mart shall be established at Yatung, on the
Tibetan side of the frontier, and shall "be opened to all
British subjects for. the purposes of trade from the first
day of May, 1894. , The Government of India shall be
free to send officers, to reside at Yatung to watch the
conditions of British trade at that mart."
. That clause Jn the convention between Great Britain
Secretary Hay, with composure that speaks well for
his pacific disposition, has informed the Sultan of Tur
key that the patience of the United States is exhausted
and we must be treated with_ the consideration due a
friendly power. After a series of insults heaped upon
Americans for two years it seems time for anybody's
patience to be worn out. It might be well for the Sultan
to view Secretary Hay's words as a- threatening prelim
inary to actions that do not ask but force respect.
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT— A Read
er. City. There is no law in the State
of California that says a woman who
is convicted of murder in the first de
gree shall not be hanged. Nor is thero
a'ny law In any other State, so far as
this department has been able to dis
cover.
BEFORE THE WALLS OF LHASA.
PURE AIR LAW— H. P.. Berkeley.
Cal. What was known as the "pure air
law," • for the violation of which so
many Chinese were arrested" in San
Francisco, provided that sleeping apart*
ments should contain 500 cubic feet of
air for each occupant.
The habit of keeping trial juries under the "Vigilant eyes
of the Sheriff and entertaining them a.X the expense of
the city may be highly conducive to the best interests of
justice, but it is distressingly expensive to the municipal
ity. If we must pay so much to preserve jurors from the
glitter of temptation why not expend a little more to
punish them if they fall? It would be well to teach the
lesson that honesty is politic if nothing" else.
BRITT AND CORBETT— A. N. S..
City. At the time of the Brltt-Youns
Corbett fight in Woodward's Pavilion
Britt's corner was nearest to Thirteenth
street and Corbett's nearest to Four
teenth.
BUDDHA — Subscriber. City. Th-s
colossal statue of Buddha, which ia
fifty-three feet in height, is in Nam,
the most "ancient capital of Japan,
about twenty miles east of Ozaka.
SANCHO PEDRO — N.. City. In thi
game of sancho pedro the seller must
make at least one more than he Is of
fered.
"Ah — hem — might I ask you — asn-a —
friend what you would advise me to do
under the circumstances?"
"Well," said the Secretary, who en
joyed the humor of the situation im
luensely, "that depends on whether you
"Yes. 1 !
"Just as you say." said Mr. Whitney,
the smile now becoming a genuine
laugh. "By the by," he added, "I just
said you were supreme. I shall qualify
that a bit. The President has the pow
er to remove you and appoint your suc
cessor. You know that?"
"Oh, yes," was the confident reply. "I
know' that."
"All right, then,'- said Mr. Whitney,
"I'll let the President know that you
don't see, your way clear to make this
appointment."
"Oh, does the President want It?"
came' the startled query.
"Well, Mr. Secretary," said the subor
dinate, coming to the point at last,
"I don't think I care to make that ap
pointment."
"Mr. Whitney, I want to ask you a
question, if you will be kind enough to
reply to it."
"Certainly," said the Secretary in his
most affable manner, "what is It?"
"I want to know if I am not supreme
in my bureau?"
"You are," said the Secretary, •with*
just the suspicion of a smile lurking in
the corners of his mouth. ,
"Then I have control of the appoint
ments In' my division; that is to say,
I do not have to make an appointment
unless I feel so disposed."
"That is the stiuatlon precisely," said
the Secretary, the smile now becoming
quite pronounced.
When the late William C. Whitney
was Secretary of the Navy in Mr. Cleve
land's Cabinet he gained the good win
of all the employes of the department
because of the candor and kindness
with which he treated- them. One morn-
Ing he sent for the head of a certain
bureau and told him to make the ap
pointment of a man from New York
City. Later in the day the chief of the
bureau returned and said:
Whitney's Advice.
ERNE'S NATIVITY— A. S.. City
Frank Erne, the pugilist, was born in
Zurich, Switzerland, January 8, 1ST3.
CRIBBAGE— E. E. L., San Jose. Cal.
Four fours and a seven in cribbaja
count twenty-four.
Auszvers to Queries.
No Chinese representative of the
healing art has ever dissected any por
tion of the human frame. Accordingly
their ideas of anatomy and physiology
are matters of faith — confirmed by im
ages which have been reproduced dur
ing untold centuries. Their osteology
teaches that the skull is formed of one
bone; so is the pelvis; the number of
ribs varies with the individual, and at
the junction of the arm with the fore
arm is placed a cubital patella. Ac
cording to Chinese splanchnology the
small intestine communicates with the
cavity of the heart, while the colon,
after describing sixteen circumvolu
tions, terminates by opening into the
lung. The heart governs the vital pro
cesses—In co-operation with the cavity
of the stomach It supplies all ideas and
all pleasurable sensations. The liver is
the habitat of the soul, and it is from
this gland that all noble and generous
sentiments emanate.
The gall bladder is the receptacle of
courage, its ascent in the body is the
cause of a fit of anger. They have an
idea of the continuous motion of the
blood, but it seems to be the, product
of an imagination more riotously Ori
ental than even that which created the
other items of their physiology knowl
edge. They do not know the pulmonary
circulation; they naturally know noth
ing of the valves In the veins; they do
not even appear to have quite grasped
the motor function of the heart itself;
but they nevertheless profess to differ
entiate no less than seventy-four varie
ties of pulse, simultaneously recogniz
able on the person of a single Indi
vidual!" In its ultimate structure the
body is composed of five elements—fire
water, earth, wood and metal. Each of
these '-lements is in a harmonious rap
port with the corresponding members
of the series of five planets, -five met
als, five solid viscera, five colors and
five tastes. All diseases originate from
disturbances of the primary and essen
tial QUintic harmonies of these correla
tions.—Shanghai Times. -
Chinese Anatomy.
which she had planned, but at this the
actress balked, so Barrie's play will
have tc wait until this tour is finished,
which will be early in 'November. With
the fantasies of "Crichton" and '"Little
Mary" in mind, however, not to men
tion Barrie's significant remark that if
playgoers would stand the latter play
they would stand anything. Londoners
are over his latest deliver
ance as they are not likely to speculate
over any other piece this season." Mean
while Pinero is holiday-making in Scot
land and saying nothing. He must
realize, however, that he never has had
a more dangerous rival than Barrie,
and one wonders how he likes it.
MISS FLORENCE LEWEE SHOOT
ING ON THE UJFLK RANGE IX
THE BISLEY COMPETITION.
A hun£>le French official who was
sent to one of the hottest depart
ments of France found his bureau a
perfect furnace, until he had a brilliant
idea. He Improvised a cistern and sat
In it all day. The public came into
his office and panted, but he waa up
to his armpits in water, cool and com
fortable. .Nobody minded; . it was
thought very clever of him. "and he
grew in the local esteem. But one day
there came an inspector whose basi
nesa it was to maintain the dignity of
the public service. He stood aghast.
What! A .Registrar sitting In a cis
tern? It was a stigma on the republic.
The case was reported to Paris, and
the offender was on the point of bein--r
dismissed when a cynic suggested a
more hum •••013 Mnii.-ihrvm ?• ri«i
him to Algeria!" Even the cistern-*
are hot in that climate. — LorrOo;i
Chronicle.
His Cool Behavior.
The Call is indeed what no other
San Francisco paper can claim for it
self — a great family newspaper and a
much welcome guest to every lover of
truth and fairness. For one thins es
pecially I must express my admiration
before closing — namely, the Sunday
edition. I do not know of any paper
East, "West, North or South which
comes up to your Sunday edition. It
Is simply a marvel.
WILLIAM STADT.
Your general news is exhaustive
and represented attractively. Your edi
torials are timely, conservative and in
structive. I was especially struck with
this fact when reading the recent
editorial concerning Bishop Potter.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: As a
subscriber to The Call I feel it my duty
and privilege to express to you my
thanks and appreciation of and for the
good things offered daily in your paper.
SAX FRANCISCO, Aug. 9.
Appreciation.
town. Can you shew me the way to
Third and Market streets?* \ fjrM
" 'Well, for the Lord's sake, haven't
you found that place yet? You asked
me that question more than a year ago,'
v.as the reply."
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON. July 27.— Before
long, marksmen in some part of the
' United States may find themselves op
posed on the shooting range by an at-
Ctractive English girl in the person of
Miss Florence Lewes. She is the young
woman whose exploits with her rifle
at this years "Bisley," the annual
British shooting competition, have at
tracted so much attention. MissJ^ewes,
who is a grandnieoe_ of Geor^P^Henry
Lewes, George Eliot's friend, explained
the other day. just after she had made
S3 out of a possible 35 bullseyes, at 200
yards, that she took up shooting not
long ago because she intends to emi
grate to Canada shortly. So her ap
pearance on American ranges is an
event quite likely to occur.
Women rif.e shots are rare in this
country. One of them turns up at Bis
ley now and then, but for the most
part their personal appearance is
rather weird, and they don't really
know how to shoot. Miss Lewes, on the
contrary, is quite the trimmest figure
ever seen at the Bisley range, and her
marksmanship made many of the male
•'cracks" green with envy. Tall and
Cood-ldoking, she shot in a brown cos
" tume, belted at the waist, her jacket
' being fitted with yellow elbow patches.
She also wore a very effective white
helmet, with an "anti -sunstroke" flap
behind, and high brown shooting boots.
When at work. Miss Lewes is busi
nesslike to the last detail. Sitting
down on the range, the other day. she
. prepared her rifle in the orthodox fash
ion, without any help. A glance at the
• flags told her how much to allow for
wind, and then from her satchel she
.produced a "vernier" and small pencil,
with which she carefully drew the
aiming line on the back sight bar. Her
subsequent work with the rifle showed
that she possessed both the steady
nerve and the clear eye of the born
ehot. Vpon her first attempt at Bisley
she rofssed the center ring of the tar
get only three times and in each case
the shot was the closest possible "in
ner." She shoots also at &00 and 600
yards, where his scores vary from 22
to 28 out of a possible 35.
It is only two mor.ths ago that Mies
Lewes first went in for marksmanship,
. on learning that she was to go to Can
• ada in August. "I expect to lead a de
lightful life there." she said, "but I
know that it is necessary to J>e a good
. horsewoman and to know h\y to use
the rifle." So Miss Lewes placed her
self under the tuition of Private Gray,
the famous instructor of the London
Scottish regiment, and for the last two
months ha? shot regularly at the
• weekly matches. So far, the young
woman's silver trophies number nine.
THE city of Riverside has, through the work of a
committee and with the sanction of the local
Chamber of Commerce, with painstaking care and
with much of detail, prepared for beautifying the. city
streets with trees upon a definite S}-6tem. Riverside is
already famed for attractiveness. In the winter its dwell
ers represent all civilized portions of the globe. Tour
ists go there in great numbers. The charms of skillfully
placed semi-tropical foliage are effectively employed to
give architectural beauties fitting environment. Attention
to the task of making the city beautiful has paid finan
cially. A golden harvest has been reaped and other aurif
erous tourist seasons are in view. Persons with wealth
and refinement appreciate that which pleases the eye all
the more when it is coupled with city comforts. The
shrewd people of the south see this and are acting ac
cordingly.
In any line of endeavor a wise system counts. » To
produce the best results the best system is indispensable.
The Riverside committee is evidently in complete har
mony with this view. The Riverside Enterprise pub
lishes the committee motto, as follows: "If a man write
a better book, preach a better sermon or make a better
mousetrap than his neighbors, though he build his house
in the woods, the world will make a beaten path to his
door." Nothing is left to individual caprice in the River
side plan in the selection of the variety or the number
of trees to be planted in the streets. So many cotton
woods arc to be in one locality, a determined number of
pepper trees, eucalypti, Hame trees, magnolia trees »or
other determined varieties in other specified localities.
Uniformity in a locality is secured. The result will be the
best that Riverside can do and the world^as heretofore,
"will make a beaten path" to its door.
The value, of information of this sort is found in its
application. Riverside is but one of several communities
in Southern California continually striving to be con
sidered more attractive and more desirable than any rival
as a place of residence. Riverside, already well adorned,
adopts system that it may not only be beautiful, but that
it may become pre-eminently so, as much so as possible.
It is the idea of the party versed in entertainment as
compared with that of a mere amateur who underesti
mates the desires, ability and intelligence of th'-se to be
entertained. Therefore the work proposed is entitled to
respectful consideration. <
The climate and soil of the cities north of Tehachapi
endow them with prolific growths, but there is not one of
these communities that has done its best to become a
show city. Alameda is beautiful with its wealth of shade
trees and large residential sites. Oakland has fine streets
and avenues. Berkeley vaunts its contours and views of
bay and ocean. Marin County is a miniature Switzerland.
The counties north and south of San Francisco are beau
tiful with orchards. and. vineyards. But no one will ven
ture to seriously combat the assertion that no Northern
California community has yet even resolved to do its
best to be beautiful. System and determination are all
that are lacking. Money abounds. An Italian sky is
overhead. What town or city will tear a leaf from the
Riverside book and systematically plan to become the
best possible show town north 'of Tehachapi?
BEAUTIFYING BY SYSTEM.
For native impudence, unsurpassed even in the riots
of imagination, the invitation of the Japanese besiegers
of Port Arthur to the Russians to surrender and save
the useless cost of thousands of human lives, must be
accepted as the limit in modern experience. The little
brown men should be able after this to take a unique
place in history as a nation of unconscious jokers. They
must remember, however, that in war the balance of
profit and loss. is not made in human lives.
After many years the hordes under
Mohammed II captured Constantin
ople. At that time the crescent- wa3
used everywhere and upon everything.
Suspecting that there must be magi
cal power in the emblem the Moham
medans appropriated it and have since
used it as their only symbolic decora
tion. — Boston Transcript.
The crescent symbol of the Moham
medans haa nothing to do with their
peculiar religious opinions and cere
monies. It was not originally a sym
bol of the followers of Mohammed at
all. but was first used by the Byzan
tines. Thousands of coins have been
found in all parts of Turkey which
date back to the time when Constan
tinople waa known as Byzantium, and
on each of these the symbol of th«
crescent appear*, proving conclusive
ly that it waa in use as an emblem,
among the people of that region long
before Byzantium was overthrown
and its name changed to Constantin
ople. The story of the origin of tho
crescent symbol lg as follows: When
Philip of Macedonia besieged Byzan
tium he had planned to storm the city
on a certain cloudy night, but before
his arrangements were completed the
moon shone out and discovered hi?
approach to the besieged citizens, who
accordingly marched out and repulsed
his forces — something which would
have been impossible in the darkness.
After that event all Byzantine coins
bore the symbol of the crescent moon,
which was always alluded to as the
"savior of Byzantium."
Whv the Crescent Flies.
Queen of the Ta^et.
Specie! OonYspondence.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALX*
prefer public to prirat* employment for
yourself."
"Why, public employment."
"Then," said the Secretary gravely.
"my advice would t« that you maka
the appointment,"
And it was mad* Tery Quickly* — New
Tork Herald.
"You see that well dressed fellow
coming across the street? I'll bet you
are afraid to ask him to direct you to
Third and Market streets," said Chief
of Detectives John Martin the other
day. /
"I'm not looking for trouble." re
plied the reporter. "But why?"
"That's Jimmie Blank. It's an old
story, but Is always fresh to Jimmie,
because his old friends always have
it on tap when they meet him.
"Fifteen years ago Jimmie was a
bunko man. One day on Kearny street
he walked up to a seedy looking young
fellow and asked him the way to
Third and Market streets. -
"The stranger with a scornful look
strolled across the street.
"Long afterward Jimmie met the
same chap. .and. not recognizing: him.
asked:
" 'Say, old man, I am a stranger in
He Forgot.
If there were ever a time in the history of the coun
try when the public interests require honesty and frank
ness in^the men who seek the suffrage of the people,
that time is now. The moneyed combinations that have
excited the fear of the people are behind Judge Parker.
Western men of finance visiting New York are taken into
the vaults of the great financial institutions and shown
the sheaves of bonds and securities that represent hun
dreds of millions, and are told that if President Roosevelt
is elected those securities will be made worthless. No art
of persuasion or coercion is left unused to foster the idea
that the President will bring financial ruin upon the
country. What does it all mean?
Obviously the President represents the popular wish
that all persons, natural and artificial, shall obey the law
and be subject to it, while the great combines desire a
free hand 4o do-as they please. The country has been
taught by the vigor of the President's action that he will
enforce the law and make it unsafe to indulge in illegal
aggressions upon the rights of the people. Before this
all other issues and all party names and all party alle
giance fade away. On the part of the President are sin
cerity, frankness and courage. With his opponents there
io daily action and sign that the Presidency is to be cap
tured, if possible, by covertness and deceit. If money
can buy it it will be bought for Judge^ Parker. If the
public interests have the sense of self-protection the peo
ple will carry the day for Roosevelt.
THE ways of -latter day Democracy are mysterious
and past finding out In New York the favorite for
the gubernatorial nomination is Mr. Dan Lamont,
vice president of the Northern Pacific, and one of the. ac
tive parties to the railroad merger, which the Federal
Supreme Court knocked out, in the suit brought at the
instance of President Roosevelt. In Minnesota the
party's strongest candidate for the Governorship is Mr.
J. J. Hill, president of the Great Northern and the author
of the same railroad merger, which he and Mr. J. P.
Morgan effected.
The Republican Governor of Minnesota, Mr. Van Zant.
organized the seven States that were stricken in their
interests by the merger to resist it by the application of
State laws. Mr. Hill has untold millions at his com
mand, as has Mr. Lamont, and they would both spend
liberally to secure a popular indorsement of the railroad
trust, and rebuke, at the same time, President Roose
velt and Governor Van Zant. All of these plans are laid
and hopes entertained by the party that has been making
anti-trust agitation a prominent factor in politics.
Whether Lamont and^Hill are nominated or not, the
movement for them is indicative of their friendship
and support of Judge Parker. It remains to be - seen
whether the people will indorse the trust idea by falling
in behind its exponents. No matter in recent years pro
duced such widespread feeling as the combination in one
trust, one management and one policy of three com
peting roads, the Burlington, Northern Pacific and Great
Northern. The prompt action of the President in en
forcing the law saved the transportation interests of a
vast population and an enormous productive area. Will
the people rebuke him for it? That remains to be seen.
The muddling of the muddle is further assisted by Mr.
Eliot Danforth, who appears with a statement affirming
that President Rooseveit is a very dangerous man. a
usurper, who may ruin the country any morning before
breakfast. In the same article Mr. Danforth lauds the
honor and the safety of Judge Parker, and files a bill
of particulars. In this he says that when Parker was
nominated for Chief Judge in 1897 the Gold Democrats
of New York started a movement to formally indorse
him. Thereupon Mr. Parker announced to his friends
that his honor would not permit him to accept such
indorsement without making his position on the money
question known, and that he would prepare, a letter dis
closing the fact that he was a supporter of Mr. Bryan's
views, and voted for him in 1806! If the Gold Demo
crats, informed of this, chose then to indorse him, his
honor would permit him to accept it!
Mr. Danforth puts this out as evidence of the sensitive
nature of the Judge's honor. But what happened to that
quality of the Judge since 1897? Following the dictates
of honor as he saw them in 1897, he should have sent
his gold standard telegram to the St. Louis con
vention before his nomination and not after. Is
there one kind of honor at stake in a nomination for
Chief Judge and another in a nomination for the Presi
dency? Mr. Danforth has succeeded in proving that in
1896 Judge Parker was for free silver and against sound
money and the gold standard. That he held the same
position in 1900 there is no doubt. Just when did the
scales fall from his eye?, and at what spot on the road
from Esopus to Wolfert's Roost, causing him to see the
true faith about money? Why did he retain all the joy
of his conversion in his own hreast until after he was
nominated and the convention could not back out? This
money muddle is a fit companion piece to the trust mud
dle which takes into the sympathy and activities of the
party the red-handed trust leaders of the country.
Now. although It haa been ahnounoed
that there will be a new s play from
Pinero this fall, no one seems unduly
excited over the prospect. On the other
hand, the one topic in the playgoin*
world here Is the new piece which Bar
rie is wrltlnK tor Ellen Terry and which
Is to be seen here nrst and afterward
in the United States. Of course, the
idea for the play was Barrie's. Rumor
declares that It has to do with the rela
tions between a certain mother and
daughter. And no sooner had the dra
matist confided It to his manager,
Charles Frohmian, than the American
Impresario declared that Ellen Terry
must be secured for the' part of the eld
er woman, so off he and" Barrie posted
to the country town where Sir Henry
Irvine's former partner is spending- the
summer. The first plan was to sat Miss
Terry to cancel the provincial tour
ances. It did rather badly at home, one
remembers, bit perhaps that waa be
cause *its application was so entirely
British.
MUDDLING A MUDDLE.
and China has been 'the fly in the ointment for
the Indian Government. The Tibetans first re
fused to comply with, the agreement, in that they
deliberately took all trade from Yatiing, leaving
that village nothing but a spot on the map as far as
commercial value was concerned. Then came the news
that Russia had concluded a secret treaty direct with
the Tibetan Dalai Llama by which she was to have the
cream of the trade from that drear country of snow
In January of last year the Indian Government noti
fied the British Secretary for India at home: "We can
undertake negotiations nowhere else than at Lhasa," and
"a British commercial mission will start for that place
at a suitable date in the forthcoming spring, there to
meet the Chinese Resident and a duly appointed high
official of the Tibetan Government. We think that the
negotiations should culminate in the appointment of a
permanent British representative, consular or diplo
matic, to reside at Lhasa."
This, then, is, in brief, the British justification of the
Younghusband expedition. Now that the troops of the
Indian Government have had to fight their way from
the frontier righ^up to the gates of Lhasa itself, shed
ding much Tibetan blood in the operation, it is plainly
a larger question than the establishment of a consular
representative in the Forbidden City that the leader of
this mission has to face. For the first time in the his
tory of that strange land an army of white soldiers has
faced the walls of its sacred city. Can it be reasonably
expected that with these invade.rt there .will be executed
a mere treaty of trade relation I?
The power of circumstances to alter cases will prob
ably receive convincing demonstration before Colonel
Younghusband begins the homeward trek.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11. 190#.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . V. ... . ... . Address AH CommanicatJons to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ...~. *...^. ....... r . Third and Market Streets. S. P.
THURSDAY v .. AUGUST n. 1904
HE ASKED A SEEDY LOOKING
FELLOW THE WAY TO THIRD
AND MARKET.
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESTen cents ; and a" penknife were all
the property found ; on' the " person - of
the suicide. He was a strangrerUo the
hotel . people and ,\vaa aged between
25 and 30 years.
He came to the hotel at 4 o'clock on
Tuesday afternoon and paid 35 cents
for a room. At 11:45 a. m. yesterday
W. H. Smith, a bedmaker, discove/ed
the body lying on the floorin a pool
of blood, with a revolver near the
right hand." The. following note> In
pencil lay on" the dresser:
To whom It may concern: He uses my
body for experimental purposes, may God curse
him with »n everlaatlnc curse all the days of
I tun weary aad would rest.. Good-bv.
/ • J. W. GRIFFIN.
An unidentified man, who registered
as J. W. Griffin, killed himself in a
room at the Winchester Hotel some
time last Tuesday night by shooting
himself In the right temple with a re
\-olver.
J. W. Griffin Entcaffcs a Cheap Room
In a Hotel, Writes a Note and
• Commits Suicide.
INVOKES A CURSE
AND SHOOTS HIMSELF
Another man who * " was forced to
work to support his family was., met,
and the strikers put their fingers' in his
eyea, gouged one of them out until it hung
on his cheek. Are these the only cases
of outrage?
Hundreds of acts equally infamous are
repeated from day to day, daring strikes
conducted by lawless and criminal mem
bers of labor unions.
Decent . people read with horror the
tales of distress, women attacked and
sometimes stripped on the street, (St.
Louis St: car strike), workmen blown to
pieces with dynamite, men assaulted,
mobs formed, millions of doilars worth of
property destroyed, many lives lost, and
a general reign of terror, disorder, and
anarchy conducted by the labor trust, in
trying to 'dree the balance of mankind to
obey, without question the mandates of
the leaders of the Unions.
8cch outrages on the public peace, and
each absolute disregard of the lives,
property, and liberty of citizens, has fin-
When police or the military are called
tn to preserve the peace, and protect the
common people, do these med welcome
and uphold them? They do not, but
hasten to "protest" find do all In- their
power to remove them, so they can carry
out their acts of violesce and law break
ing. /
They favor no law but their own, end
that is the true hallmark of an Anarclii3t
pure and simple.
Someone says we are Daren in our "de
scription ofthese men. We are not re
! sponsible for their character and acts.
They do these thing? regardless of any
one, end the only way the public c-in
fairly judge them is to know the facta."
U is this class of union men who have
placed a boycott on our products, In.try
ing to force us to join their lawlessranks,
and ruin eorne publishers, and they are
the ones who ; propose to punish Mr.
"Post for fearlessly telling the facta about
them and their methods.
A man with a family of children to
support was tept out of work by a strike
in. Chicago. The family would have
'Fiarved, Lad hetjcot obtained money to
buy them bread*;
' ' God Almighty has instilled in the mind
i of every man, wftrthy the name, a desire to
work and furnish bread and clothing fot
his -little ones, but In this case the labor
union eald be must not.
God's motive was the strongest, he
broke the rales of the union and went to
work.
They caught him one evening on the
street, knocked him down with brass
knuckles, kicked him unconscious, then
pried bis mouth open, and poured car
bolic acid down his throat.
The union men in the first class are
genuine and undeniable anarchists, aliens
and ot:tiaws.
- Let us analyze and soe.
When a Ktrike occurs, they picJrct
•plants, threaten people, assault men,
dynamite property, boycott and even
murder, they are'criaitsals aad opposed
to all la'x.
An anarchist is one opposed to law.
; and peaceable worker, and a correspond
¦ Ing di»?ik3 and antipathy to the arrogant
j and violent pretender of the other class.
The occoaci class nam^d, are for the'
i time fetlcg fo?5cd to stand the deniincia
• tions of the public against labor unions,
I fcr they are in sad company, which has
j brought disgrace upon the nc_e of
• Unions, go there seems no way but fcr
! the decent cien to stand it uctii in scrae
way they can obtain control, and make
the old or new unions, which they may
j form, lawful, re&pectcbie, and worthy of
I the esteem of the public.
We are on record as being frlends % and
I well wishers of the eecond cias3 earned,
f aad as thoroughly and unalterably op
posed to the law breakers, criminals, and
bullies of the other qlass, go when -usion
j men denounce and revile up, it is easy
j to determine in which clash they belong.
• ' Every American of the right sort Is a
•workman, cither with brain or hand, or
.batter yet, with both, and ia the mind of
: £8ch ia a fundamental deep seated re
• ftpeel for the cb!e K ' competent, . thrifty,
! calling yoke of Unionism, because of the
Sated tyranny of the others.
Put supreme power in the hands of
tony • Ignorant man,, not accustomed to
c **ffairfi, and he. quickly becomes a bully,
denouncing and abusing anyone and
everyone who does not instantly obey
b*s He 'cares nothing for law
of the* rights of others.
x Tire Unions are rnada cp of two class
¦e«. lit. The men who have a ready and
Abusive tonzuc, and who can howl down,
eai by violent and loud talk, dominate
the meeticcs of the Uaions.
These men are eeldom If ever good
i Corkers, or thrifty hoide-0'.vnlnjj and de
sirable citizens, they -have small chance
en their own. merits to jeanj first-class
.tragea, unless Ihey can force * themselves
cp« employers by a Union card. They
ibriag ca ,elrl_es and misery for good
workmen, and try to, and" <lo, blackmail
employcre into settling zzrae by paying
jlhea graft money. Some of them have
been jailed . for such offences, but the
ere»t majority still hold forth. They
have brought untold disgrace on the fair
came of "labor" and made the term "the
¦poa er werken tnca" a by-word» hissed
and laughed at by the public.
* • The second or other class in the labor
unions is maj<s up of good .capable, in
• teiligeot, peaceahle, thrifty citizens, who
go into unions with the.laudablo purpose
• of bettering their conditions, and to snp
•cortan honest association, which they
_Qpe will be -honestly conducted, truly
• enQ fairly, in the fatecests of labor, but
• to their surprise and disgust they find
*<hat whenever they try to ipeak in the
Qeetings for fairness and honorable pro
* endure, they are hooted fend howled dowif
by the other class.
* . Thej try to counsel peace, equity, and
Justice, but they might as well launch a
feather tn a cyclone. Then they some
ftxnes try to keep at work when they
ceed the wages, and know they are fair,
hut they are abased, and" frequently their
families maltreated and themselves
beaten back into submission, so there are j
literally hundreds of thousands of decent '
American trorkmen, absolutely forced to
bear 'the disgrace and ignominy of the
The avprape American cmzen, not
?mploring labor, knows little cf the in
jeufferable arrogance, Impudence, and
.violence of the ignorant bullies, decorat
ed- with brief power by the most tyran
nous of ell trusts, the "labor trust" or
Valoas.
Hflas' been declared by the labor unions
—gainst the products of the Postum
¦Cereal Co., Ltd., vizi Grape-Nuts and
Pottum Food Coffee.
•°The labor papers notify the public not
pi bay these things until Mr. C. W. Post
the proprietor, obeys the orders of the
"fCciocs.
f These ••orders" are that he withdraw
the advertising from certain newspapers
that have fallen under their displeasure.
They openly announce that tiiey pro
j>ose to "break up", "ruin** and "put out
•cf ¦ business" the publishers of such
papers, and iaein that Sir. Post join in
thi? conspiracy with them.
; These publishers have been faithful In
their contracts with Mr. Post, are upright
.busfnesa men aad good citizens, their
«a!y crime being that they decline to
ptaxn over the canagement of their pap
ers to.tb" leaders of the labor trusts,
(alias LVioas), who are^generally ignor
ftnt, wilful, and violent men, incapable of
conducting a business.
_;r. Post declines to be party to such
unlawful conspiracy to financially ruin
enyone, and this together with the fact
¦Chat he has been rash enough to publicly
«ipo6e some cf the criminal ac_of m?m
?fcers of labor unions has produced this
¦boycott.
, We have stated the facts herein, to the
truth of which we are ready to make
oath. If the great buying public decide
to obey the orders of the Labor unions,
and refuse to purchase our products, we
have but one thing to do— go out of
business and let the families dependent
on that bnsiness go adrift and shift for
themselves. Such ruin will carry down
with it everything connected with the
Industry that has taken years and mil
lions of money to establish.
'} We cannot and will not join the "con
spiracy of theso labor unions to ruin
publishers. -
- We cannot and will not discharge a
sfngle on© of our faithful and time tried
workmen, upon the orders of any labor
-onion. #
Upon those principles we stand. If
the unions can make their boycott effect
ive and sink jour ship we will go down,
with the captain on the bridge and in
command. ' A
POSTUM CEREAL fco.. XCMITED',
BATTLE CREEK, MICH.
Those who have been with us one vear,
receive*5j above regular wages, and the
two-year and ovey veterans receive 10$
above the highest regular wages. They
are of necessity in the work clean and
capable. Most of them own their homes
and are unusually thrifty, sober, and
prosperous, the savings accounts in one
of the banks, numbering above -1450.
The agitators of the labor unions have
tried to introduce their methods of
strikes, hatred, poverty and distress
among our people to replace the present
conditions of peace and prosperity, but
thus far our people have been intelligent
enough to decline to make the-exebange.
It is these peaceable and reputable
citizens, living In content) who have
done harm to no one, whom these Labor
Union Anarchists propose lo "ruin" and
"put out of business" along with the
company.
Every industry is dependent upon the
public for its existence, for unless the
factory produces articles of sufficient
merit to meet the need of the public, no
business can result.,. If a factory produc
es the very highest'grade of goods and a
general and efflective boycott is estab
lished that prevents the public from buy-
Ing such products, the business must
stop. '
allj aronsed the people to a universal,
and no* to be ignored demand that these
criminal bailies be restrained end forced
fc> obey the law, and the unions tbathar
bcr them, have forfeited the respect of
the public. ,
The harmAheSe cr.i_icai3 hare trought
to the fair came of peaceable bonect lab
or Is too great to be eaaily computed.
Such outrastE to enslave tho liberty cf
the common and respectable American
citizen, make the Hood bell and surge.
Mr.3y of us had forebeexs th&ti_]lT7<3
shouldered the old flint lock, left, their
comfortable horses for the opeu camp,
suffered from cold, hunger, and expos
ure, wounds, disease, and even death to
preserve the sacred heritage of liberty,
and tisatsanie old sturdy, fearless blood,
to day calls for tho eons to 8gain stand
fast, and oppose and crush the ugly spir
it cf tyranny, and oppression 80 plainly
ehowa by these laborunJons.
There are things ia this vrorld dearer
than money or business.
We expend about a million dolfare a
year tvkh newspapers, most of which
goos to printer* and other workmen.
Probably Cwo millions a year more are
spread among our work people, fanners,
and others.
, Our factories cover many acres of
ground, and the business furnishe.3 the
food and clothing for nearly 3000 human
beings.
This act*)f the Unions is opculy for tho
purpose of ruining the business, and
therefore taking the livelihood from these
3000 people whom God*bas created, and
naturally intends shail be fed and clothed.
Our work people are paid high wages.
A BOYCOTT
Four Chinese women who arrived
recently on the Doric as a part of the
party of 213 Chinese on the way to
the exposition at St. Louis confessed
to United States Immigrant Commis
sioner North yesterday that they were
slaves and had been bought outright
in China before they were placed on
the steamship. They were ordered de
ported to China. ¦ 'There are eight
other women with the party, but the
Chinese bureau has not been able to
learn that the»*e is anything unlawful
in their coming to* this country to the
Chinese concession at St. Louis. The
requisite permission for the party to
proceed to St. Louis is expected to ar
rive from Washington to-day.
Conic With a Party Bound for the
Exposition and Admit That
-r^ : Tiicy Are Slaves.
FOUR CHINESE WOMEN*
MUST JtETUKX TO ORIENT
Crastus Young, general auditor of the
Harrirn&n lines, has arrived from Chi
cago and is busily engaged at the
\Yel!s-Fa*go building looking over the
affairs of the accounting department of
th«f Southern Pacific Company with
.Auditor Klink. It is the custom of Gen
eral Auditor Young to make half-year
ly trlpS to San Francisco, and usually
_e "ni.= .cause to reduce the forces of
the various accounting offices, a fact
that has caused no end of uneasiness
among the Southern Pacific emplojes
during his present visit. Following
closely on Young's arrival here has
cojr.e a report tha.t C. B. Searer, auditor
of the Harriman lines in Texas and
ret'Ognized as one of the most expe
rienced men in the accounting depart
ments 61 the Harrinian lines, is soon
to= be transferred to this city to relieve
the general auditor of some of his
duties in the West. When seen yester
day Yffung denied all knowledge of the
proposed change.
B. A. Worthington, assistant director
of maitit<niajice nn<l operation of the
Harr!r!;an lines, who has been in this
city o foT several days inspecting the
fj.guthern Pacific Company's different
tjinch'cs, departed yesterday for Chi-
by way of Sacramento, where he
Tvill cpend several days looking over th<»
cqmp&ny's interests. Before leaving
here Ite dispatched a message to the
management of the St. Louis Exposi
tlon c fortnally accepting the position of
Judge of merit in the railroad section
of the big fair, which was tendered to
_:m several days ago.
Eugene S. Ives, a prominent mining
Tns.n of Tucson, who with Epes Ran
dolph. E. A. McFarland. L. 11. Man
r.ic.g and Charles E. Walker has just
completed the organization cf a com
pany witn 52.000,000 capital to build a
railroad from Durango. Colo., to
Tucson, is In this city in connection
"v^fth tte new enterprise. It is purposed
t|T build branches of the road from
X>ur&r.go to Silverton and Dolores. Ives
£a5 already ctarted several surveying
parties to work. The corporation is t<>
be known as th«* Arizona and Colorado
3"Ia.ilroad Company.
W. E. Allen, charged with selling
adulterated milk, was acquitted by a
jury in Judge" Cabaniss* court. He al
leged that some unknown enemies poi
soned the well from which he procured
water for his horses and that two of
the animals died from the effects of
drinking it. Health Inspector Brady
arrested him for overdiluting the. milk
¦with water.
- "Not. only, can ; she have It, but she
has it," said the Judge. -Then he dis
missed the case and Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Caffrey amicably departed.
Edward McCaffrey, arrested on com
plaint of his wife, whose object was to
prevent him spending his week's sal
ary. $22 50, for drink, chuckled as he
stood before Judge Cabanfss and told
of how he had fooled the City Jail at
taches who had searched his person.
"They got $1 50 and gave me a receipt
for it," said Mr. McCaffrey, "and all
the time I had $21 concealed in the hol
low of my >hand. Here's the money,"
arid he* laid upon the Judg-e's desk one
double eagle and one silver dollar,
which were Instantly appropriated by
Mrs. McCaffrey, his Honor nodding ap
proval of the act.
"Oh. she can have it," exclaimed the
defendant.
Harry Rose was held by Judge Ca
baniss to answer in the Superior Court
a charge of robbing William Arm
strong, ruralist. of a watch and chain
valued at $2 iiO. The complainant stated
that he was accosted on lower Market
street by the defendant, who begged
for alms and resented «refusal by
snatching the timepiece and running
away with it. He was caught by a po
liceman after. a soldier had seen him
drop the watch into a street garbage
can, where it was found.
John Godella. who has a penchant for
visiting the Chief of Police and com
plaining that he had been robbed, was
ordered into custody by Judge Conlan
after his charge of grand larceny
against Erailio CriHo had been dis
missed as utterly devoid of foundation. '
His Honor has given himself until to
day to ascertain how he can adequately .
punish Godel'.a for getting drunk and'
putting innocent persons to the incon
venience of arrest and detention until j
they can answer his baseles accusa- j
tions. .¦' .•;¦'-/;.¦ \
Jan\es Drugan. "wine bum," gained
nothing by pleading his own case be
fi.ro Judge Conlan. His logic was
faulty, his rhetoric debilitated and his
persona! appearance "unprepossessing
as he tried to convince the rourt that
he had only taken one drink and was
en route to work at Tenth avenue and
Clement street when 'the policeman
rushed him in. At the conclusion of his
argument he was given thirty days.
to her home and the day fo-llowing her
mind became sufficiently clear to direct
her to a closet in which she found the
purse where she had artfully hidden
it. So she appeared before Judge Ca
baniss yesterday morning and gener
ously declined to prosecute Hallihan,
who did not seem to grasp the full
measure of her magnanimity as he was
discharged from durance.
I Herlihy grabbed Williams and called
i upon his friends to come to his assist-!
! ance, as Williams made a desperate j
¦ fight to break away. Coulter and i
1 Knight seized Williams, and they were 1
I joined by Frank Vilcone of 1602 Califor- !
I nia street and Jacob Barnett of 11 Tay- i
j lor street. Williams was quickly sub- I
! dued and Herlihy entered the store. He J
ordered O'Toole to throw up his hands.
; The man obeyed and came forward.
When within a few feet of Herlihy,
O'Toole made a rush at him and they
\ clinched. O'Toole fought so desperately
i that Herlihy had to hit ' him on the
head with the butt end of his revolver
before he could place the handcuffs
over his wrists. *
Entrance, to the store had been effect
ed by forcing the front door off its !
hinges and breaking the lock. The cash '
drawer of the register was lying on the |
floor, partly broken. Herlihy telephoned j
to Strohmeier, who hurried to the store. I
He said there had been no money In the !
cash drawer, as he had emptied it be- !
fore closing and had secreted the j
money in another part of the store. - :
O'Toole was treated at the Central •
Emergency Hospital for a scalp wound. |
He and Williams were then taken to I
the City Prison and booked on a charge
o"f burglary. •
O'Toole was arrested some days ago
for having burglar's tools in his posses
sion, but the case was dismissed. He j
was at that time shown to the watches I
at th° different police stations. The po- ;
I lice know nothing against Williams.
Herlihy was on his way home shortly
after 2 o'clock. He was accompanied
by W. P. Coulter of Los Angeles, a con
ductor on the Santa Fe Railroad, and
D. M. Knight, clerk in the Santa Fe
freight sheds. Herlihy saw Williams
acting suspiciously in the doorway of
Strohmeier Brothers' confectionery
store, 1006 Market street. Telling 'his
two friends to wait for a moment, .he
stepped toward the doorway. Inside the
.store he saw O'Toole at the cash regis
ter. "':;¦;
Policeman P. N. Herlihy made an im
portant capture of two burglars early
yesterday morning while on* duty, and
he was kept busy during the day re
ceiving the congratulations of his
brother officers. The two burglars are
Patrick O'Toole and George Williams,
alias Shea.'
Patrolman Is ¦ Assisted f by
Friends in Making the
Arrest of Desperate Men
"Ha. there, Zhurlge." shouted Flynn,
with cheery if unsteady voice; "gladter
zheeyer." Then the speaker waved his
hami and yelled. ~\Vhoopee. yah:", in a
way that greatly distressed the target
of his salutation.
"I'll »*t anything." said ther Judge,
"that Flynn v. ill he among those pres
ent in my courtroom to-morrow."
If the wager had been taken his
While riding on a crowded Haiglit
street car with his wife. Judge Conlan
was hniled from the sidewalk \>y Gari
baldi Flynn. one of his oldest and least
esteemed customers.
"While communing "with the ceaseless
tide that laps the sands just south of
the Cliff House a tourist from Sweden
permitted his attention to be diverted
by the clamor of four "barkers" for a
gaming device, technically termed "a
swivel machine," and as a result of the
diversion he quickly wagered and lost
sums aggregating about $20. Then he
had Edward Wallace, James Frye, Wil
liam Martin and Prank Block arrested
for winning his money, and his formal
complaint was signed "A. A. Solomon.".
Informally he stated that he recently
arrived here from Stockholm and is
bolting the globe.
Very defective was the English with
which Solomon endeavored to enlighten
Police Judge Cabaniss as to the modus
operaridi of the game in which he ven
tured and lost, but h^ managed, with
the aid of the defendants, to make it
clear that he had chucked rings at pins
and scared more misses than hits. He
began by betting 10 cents, then in
creased his stake to 25 cents and ultl-j
mately wagered as high as $1.
When the attorney for the defense
had Quoted the ordinance which legal
izes the "swivel machine" the Judge
expressed regret that he could not aid
in the restoration of Solomon's money.
"For the law Implies," quoth his Hon
or, "that this swivel machine is an in
strument of honest Industry, so we can
only ascribe to ill luck the loss of your
money. Still, I would not advise you
to try to win back that of which you
have been deprived. Fortune is a fickle
jade at best. Like the tide by which
you stood while chucking the rings and
missing the jjins at which you aimed,
fortune ebbs and flows. If you had
caught her at the flood you might have
hit the very pins you missed. Whether
In that event the defendants would
have had you arrested for winning
their money I know not. Rut your
charge against them I must dismiss."
Mrs. Lavinia Trotter of 535 Howard
street confessed thai she had been tip
pling when she suddenly missed from
its fronted place of concealment on her
perron a purse containing $248, in
United States currency. In distracted
mood she searched high and low for
the treasure, and had made up her
mind thai somebody must have stolen
it. when she perceived^ David Hallihan
a laborer residing next- door to her,
running out of a back yard, and his
conduct appeared so suspicious to her
tfiat she immediately gave chase and
htfd him arrested. Then she returned
Andre Ondorphon, recently from La
Belle France, said that he slept in a
public park because ' the fleas In his
boarding house prevented slumber in
bed.
* "Ken ze bed." declared Mons, Ondor
ohon. "I suftj'.ire ze tortuaire till ere
zee I get, an' zen I go out een ze park
an' scet upon ze bench. Pouf! Een ze
minute I fall to sleep. Zen I wake up,
an' sac:e! ze gensdarme have me. 1
arrestez!"
"I cannot assure you of immunity
from fkabitc-s in the County Jail," said
his Honor Conlan, "but stern duty im
pels me to send you there for ten
days."
"i?acre!" exclaimed Mons. Ondor
phon.
William O. Dougherty, plumber, wit
nessed a street car collide with a hog
on the water front, and was among
those who rushed to inspect the ani
mal's injuries. So touched was Dough
erty's tender heart by the hog's suffer
ing that he considerately drove it to
the end of a wharf and there ended its
misery by slitting its throat and cast
ing it into the bay. For which act of
mercy the owner of thf hog had him
arrested for cruelty to animals.
Judge Cabaniss commended Dough
erty's conduct, chided the man who
caused his arrest and dismissed the
case.
Honor -would have won it. for Flynn
sat among the prisoners yesterday
morning and against his name on the
calendar was entered a charge of
drunkenness and disorderly conduct.
"Your pleasure at seeing me doe3 not
seem to be so intense, and certainly is
less demonstrative than it was yester
day," said his Honor, when Flynn was
set up for examination. Flynn declared
he had no recollection of what he did
or said the previous day, but the plea
of forgetful ness did not help him. He
was sent to jail for six months.
ROBBERS FIGHT HARD
Eujrene' Ives Here in Con
nection With a Xew Road
* " ._! _ * •
From- Tucson to Durango
EMPLOYES ABE AXXI0US
Detected by Policeman Her-
Jiliy in Looting a Market
Street Confectionery Shop
Auditor of Harri
•* -man Lines Is Busily En
'•' gaged Checking Accounts
Ventures His Money on Device Known as
''The Swivel Machine," and His Reward
Is a Sound Bit of Magisterial Advice
TWO BURGLARS
ARE CAPTURED
ERASTUS YOUNG
IN THIS CITY
GLOBE-TROTTING SWEDE GAMBLES
AND LOSES AT THE OCEAN BEACH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11. 1904.
9
Amusements.
V-GRICULTURAL,
EXPOSITI O N .
-TWO WEEKS OF RUNNING
5L HARNESS RACING.
EXHIBITS* CARRIED FREE.
L.R.MiUe^ BKRUSfP
Secretary president:
SACRAMENTO. CAL.
TIVOLiSo^
I To-Nlffht and I /^NO
Every BTtght >t 8 x J „.«
Smoker*' Paradise ta / ...
I tho Promenade Circle j *-- WctK
Of the Superb 'It oil dtautloa
THE
By Ivan Caryll and Lionel Uocctea
WITH AX UNRIVALED CAST
SEATS NOW READY.
U»unl TivoII Prt<*^s — 25c. 50«?. 73c
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
AT r\ k T A T% Be!a«co A Mayer.
ALCAZAR ffrvz.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAY AND SAT.
Evg.. 25c to 73c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat., 23c to 50o.
WHITE \ *nd the Alcmr Stac* Ca. |
\A/HITTLESEY
In tb« flr»t Pan Francisco Drodnctlon of
SH ER tDA/yf
Or tho Maid of Bath 1 W
"A -pronounced success."— Call.
•"Cleverly acird."— Chronicle.
¦•Go to the Alcazar."— DulletSn.
Monday Aushst 15, MR. WHITTL.ESEY in
•THE MANXMAN," l>y Hall Oalne. Author
of "The Christian" and "The Et-rnal City."
Market «t.. Near Eighth. Phone. South 533.
TO-NIGHT — All This Week. Mats. Sat. & Pun.
Charley Hoyt'« Ma»terpiece of Wit, Humor and
Burlesque.
| /\ BUNCH OF KEYS |
Ballet of Pretty Glrl»! Songs'. Dances! Medleys!
Reappearance of the Frisco Favorite,
/ JAMES CCRRIGAN.
The Celebrated Allen Sisters In ## Toe Dance"
and "Pedestal Clog."
ODirC^I E-»enlnea. 10c to '80c.
rKltCJ Matloees. 10c. 15c. 23c
Aurust 15— Flr»t Appearance of th» CentraTa
New .Leading I_dy. ETHEL. CUPTON. In
Theodore Kremer's Latest Success. "FOR HER
CHILDREN'S SAKE."
t
Hish-ciass Specialties Every AXtemooa
aad —veatasr tn ths Tbeater.
— -TO-anoHT
GAIjA AMATEUR PERFOR3IAXCE
Concluding With
XEW UVEVG PICTURES.
Take a Ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
TXBSi: BABY LIOZTS 1ST T__ SOO.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN So
Wbea Phoning Ask for _» Chute*.
ADVEKTlSEaJEXTS.
iflMy Price only^lM
Regular Price S'JJ.OO.
MAKES SKA VINO SASY AND
PLEASURABLE.
Tire Best Safety Razor on t)v> Market.
HAVE YOU AIT OLD RAZOR? If
you have, bring It to me. I'll make
you a liberal allowance for it on a
new one. I've pood, dependable Ra-
zors as low as 81.00.
BUY A GOOD POCKET KNIFE.
My price S I .<M>. Several styles of
handles, including pearl.
Two bars Williams'' Shaving Soap.
15c 1 .,
Razors honed and ground. Honing.
. Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
1000 MARKET ST., Opp. rifth,
SAN FRANCISCO. •
©©aeosQeoeeeeeooeeaooa
I IMPORTANT TO FARMERS |
• ~2 : — o
I BAGS -BAGS -BAGS I
• By order of the State Board ©
• of Prison Directors I atn.au- •
5f thorized to sell grain bags in ?
2 , any quantity above five him- S
q dred (500) at $475 per hun- q
9 dred. Bags delivered free in ©
O San Francisco, and orders must ©
• be accompanied with cash or ©
® bank exchange on San Fran- J
? cisco, and an affidavit made be- 9
q fore a Notary Public or Justice S
9 of the Peace that they are for q
v the consumer's use. Blank affi- «
• davits can be had upon appli- •
• cation to me. ®
0 J. W. TOMPKINS. Warden. ©
• San Quentin, August 10, 1904. •
?©©©©©©•©©©©©©©©©©©©©?
PalflrP DONT FAIL TO
i amit 8ee e beautifu j
j COURT Lounging
fl fl fl room ' the EMPIRE
uuu Parlor,, the
r_«-J PALM ROOM, the
I IHlfla LOUIS XV PAR-
VII UUU lor, and the LA-
U'J&1~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
CARTERS] cmE SICK HEADACI12 '
BprrriE Gemiing Must Bear
§§ IVER Fas-Simile Signature
HpiUS. Jtf rr^ " _»
1 lssg& 1 /v%c<*<tt&ztec
"^ PRAGERS^ PRACERS
To-day we inaugurate a sale of hosiery that will be a memorable event in
the annals of San Francisco's retail trade. No bargain of the kind has ever been
offered, and this sole has been made possible by the simple fact* that* we made a
lucky purchase from one of the largest* and best* known manufacturers. We
cleaned up all of his samples and the remainder of his season's stock at* less than
the cost* of manufacturing. They are all good things and it* would therefore be
advisable to call early.
¦- . . ==== Women's Hosiery.
«f s 2 Pz'it — 3 for 50c. Lisle finished; black, tan and
. *w\% TRn/'Hl ' I—HO fancy colors. This is certainly a most splendid
§ B^fi&ff 0^ VI/I8I value at a remarkably low price. Always sold at
A ilVtV 6¥¥ 1M . . 25c, 35c, soc pair.
51 Pair — 3 for $1.00. There are about 50 different
Jtl^ patterns of this item in allover lace, lace ankle, em-
, broidered ankle, fancy colored, plain Lisle, Gauze
TU tf* _____ **.&> __«___«• an{^ Ribbed top; fast colors; spliced heel and toe; extra
IJ_5 3OlXl_;L_llfl>_v lon S- This is a collection of hose never sold at less than
__?-* wv«»vvuo^^ 50c, 75c, $i.oo, $1.25 a pair.
Children's Hose.
4 #%J Pair — Fast Black Cotton Hose; ixt ribbed;
_\iT_i»UBt *% A 1_joC Lisle finished; double spliced heel, toe and knee;
J_£©II_TSL Sl_> *i-i_*' this j s an e:ctra strong h 0S€t built especially for
•_# school. wear, and similar .goods have always been consid-
• ered a bargain at soc a' pair. We have all sizes.
Men's Hosiery.
Pm /2 tPair — The very best Lisle Thread, Maco and
0_£& iiii jjayf _ju_ _^__ jm. 1O3C .Mercerized Silk goods obtainable. All the new
H^hI O^^fl K^ % * lace effects, stripes, dots, figures and solid co!-
H.'' HLjM. >*f»e> vT/9 ft Osjw or ?" These are not old or shop-worn goods, and a bar-
¦• vs? gain of this kind may never be presented again. Regular
& values 25c, 35c and 50c per pair.
TO :K .n ay Y_lr _?
I_JAH t Ml^ It I i ALWAYS RELIABLE
MORI JfllS.SU jl t238 - 12 50 MARKET ST.A
AMUSEMENTS.
r "•"¦-;
AROTEEB "MZ__ES SUCCESS."
AZTOT__R AETISTIC T—XOTZFK.
Nightly, excepting Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
THIS AN3> NEXT WEEK
Charles Frohman prcj»«its
_a:___sr_R,"_r
_vi:iXj_____R,
in Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
JOSEPH ENTANGLED
Seats for all remaining performances can
now be secured.
GRAND 35£-
Last Threa NgMs— Matinee Saturday,
Mr. JAMES NEILL
-I y
A Parisian Romance
&& I5c, 25c, 50c
NEXT SUNDAY MATiNEE—
"THE LOTTERY OF LOVE"
Vaudeville's Superlative!
The Tive Madcaps, Including 1 Lena Mad-
cap in the Badinni Dance; roy and
Clark; Onyer and O'Neil: Husrfces Mu-
sical Trio, and Orpbenm Motion Pic-
tores.
Last Times of Olive May and J. W. Al-
bansrh Jr.; McCabe, Sabine and Vera;
_eu Olopas, and the Empire Comedy
Tour.
Regular Matinees Every "Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c, 25c
and 50c.
r BIGGEST HIT 07 AIL— ALL THIS WSM 1
I 1 THE E-MEB. WALTSBS CO.
Special * PRESENTING THE ROAR-
Pricei l\ ING COMEDY MELO-
_____ ** DRAMA
15c MILLIONAIRE
2|c TRAMP CStSSSr
|er*#» Sunday. Matinee — Just Before
JvCj Dawn.
Coming — Amrnst 28th
PLOEEHCE ROBERTS.
I Engagement Limited to Four Weeks Only.
I Under the Direction of Frederic Belasco.
S Opening Play— "Te*s of the D'Ubervyies.'^
The Rush and the Cruah Continues.
Everybody Wants to See
"The Whirl of the Town"
Gigantic Musical Durlerque.
¦ Three Acts of Great Novelties.
UNEXCELLED "STAR CAST."
DOROTHY MORTON. NELLIE GERIN.
FLOSSIE HOPE. ¦ RICE and CADY. BOBBY
NORTH. EDWIN CLARK. BEN DILLON.
LIONEL LAWHENCK.
SUPERB CHORUS OF 40 VOICES.
Matinees Sat. and Sun. — Same Popular Prices.
Date fixed — Next Attraction. Monday, Aug 1 .
22. "THE ANHEUSER— PUSCH." An Orig-
inal up-to-date Musical Burlesque. *
BASEBALL.
San Francisco vs. Seattle.
At RECREATION ' PARK.
Etshth and Harrison Streets. *..¦•.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
• 3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
Ladies Free Thursday and Friday.
Advance sale of seats at 5 Stockton Street.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1904.
10
AJTP CTEAaTTgrQ.
COMPRESSED A!r and Vacuum Prooe* s. uni-
versally used for cleanins carpets ca floor
without removal; carpet3 and raz* ax» also
cleaned by compressed air at shop: price*
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleanins; Co..
3C8 Market; phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with ytmr work
send for SPAULDING's Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng workg^^^3-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 24O~Fou7te7nth St.— First-claw
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
S'SKHS* 8 Superior Carpet-Beatlnr Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East* 12*.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1402 Howard ;tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carp»t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 30-t. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beatlng~works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 283.
S—27TXSTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Ca»not break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings 50c*
plates. $3; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleraatli
— No charge for extracting when plates ara
made; old plates made over like nc~; teetll
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX, dentist, now located at the Orant
building. 1003 Market St., room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 deary
at. to BSO Geary.
GOLD fillings. 75c: sitver. 35c: crowns, $2; ns
pain; open Sundays. Dr. A. C. Hewitt. 204 Suttar
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, eer. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up: ftlllngs.23a.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surseon-dentlstr.l4.1»t
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. OTarrell.
ALL work jruaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. Se9 Misslon.eor. 8_,
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. s»nt to any address In the'
T'niterl States rr Canada one vear for II.
DSZSSM A 1CEB3 AITX> 8_A_CST_~38~S.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class<;1019 MkC
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlnar. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EDTJCAT IONAL.
A BIGGER school than eiver. On June 1 ws,"
moved to new fireproof building, 73S Mlastcn-
St.. between Third and Fourth: mor» space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager Ayre«
Business College for 14 years, baa returned to
take active management. Combined course,
$5 a month: life scholarship, $50. Day and
evening. Bancroft bids;.. 723 Market st.
HOW to sell life insurance successfully taught
In free class work,; a profession to maJc»
money nt; also private lessons) evenings:
write for interview; positions secured. Box
S973. Call office^
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical eol-
legej; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Pbelan bldr.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gtve«
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Ma son.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COL_EOE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping". $9 rao.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elee.. min.. mech-.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. : est. 18S4 Vaa
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City HaiL
CLASSES In short story writing and Joarnallsm)
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bids. : terms very reasona&I*.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math., etc.; day and
ere.; Individual Inatr. 305 Larkin St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pie. Bus. Col.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., CC2 Van N«ss
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. O. Barrett, S02 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAKTINGTON'3. 424 Pine st. — Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 343 HaJght;
Individual '.nstruc.; all branches; day, ev.
WESTERN* Business College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. 6 mo. $.10, eve. $4 ma; prtvata.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 923 Oolden
Gate ave.. S. P. ; 75-pa.se catalog en revest.
A BRANCH office of Th» Call for the reception
r.f advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposlta Flfta.
Open until lip. m.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlc*
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 830 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell St.; tel Main 3732.
WE furnish bookkeep?rs clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinese Ernri. Office. 415 Stockton:
best help. Fritz Tarn agaki.m gr. ;tel. Bush S39.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
lice; all kinds help. Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1337. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMI~.O-~M~~~ WASTE D— F— MAX. _.
YOUNG woman wishes washing and house-
cleaning by day: wages $1 50 a day. Apply
17% Welsh St., off Fourth, between Bryant
and Brannan.
YOUNG widow with a child wishes position
as housekeeper; wages from $20 to $23. S:(*
Mission at.
DRESSMAKER and talloress; good fitter, cut-
ter and designer; will go out by the day; $'i
1422 Post at., near Octavla.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do
chamber work In a rooming house or to as-
sist. Box 3974. Call office. :
COMPETENT young girl desires xituation aa
ccok: wages from $30 to $35. Call at 1204
Larkin st^
GIRL wants a place to assist In housework
and care of baby. Call 8G2% Mission st.. r. 1.
WANTED — By refined young lady a position
as second girl. Box 3017. Call office.
A YOUNG lady would like to train as nnrs*
in some hospital or sanitarium; has ha4
some experience; good reference. Box 3037.
Call office. ;
MAN and wife (Orman) want positions; man
good horseman and gardener, wife good cook.
Box 3023. Call office.
SCOTCH girl wishes- position as second girt or
waitress. Address 4C3 Duboce ave.. near
FlUmore st.
COMPETENT woman wants laundry work for
Wednesday and Friday; $1 60 per day. Ad-
dress MRS. MOONS. 33S4 Twentieth st.
YOUNG German woman with child 4 years old
would like chamber work in hotel or lodging
house. Address box 2902. Call office. x
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper or to cook for small camp. .Call or
address 905 Folaom st.
YOUNO widow with a child wishes position
as working housekeeper: city preferred:
wages no object. S3O Mission st.
A WOMAN would like washing and ironing
i I or cleaning to do by the day. Call or ad-
>l dress Laundress. 95S Mission «t. _
• GOOD dressmaking and repairing: $1 30 P*r
day; will call. Box S058. Call office^
' GIRL for general office work: references; ex-
; perlence. Bex 3921. Call office.
LAUNDRESS wishes family washing to tak«
home; reasonable. 2923. California st.
SITUATION as nursegirl. Box 80M. Call.
• SITUATION as nurse. Box 3053. Call offle*.
STENOGRAPHER wants balf-day position,
; Box 3052. Call office.
• WANTED— A position as lady's maid In city.
; 567 Eryant st.
1 A WOMAN wishes situation, housework. An-
ply 432 Minna st. ________
• WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day;
: $1 50 and car fare; no postals. 2tS Tehama.
' VIENNA cook wishes position. Address 119
Fourth »t. _^
1 RELIABLE refined woman wishes position as
'. housekeeper. Box 3064. Call office^
A YOTJNG iclrl wtohe* position; cars for ehil-
" dren. Aridre«a box 3063. Call offlc^ -^
! CHINESE first-class cook wants place tn fam-
ily; good references. Box 3975. Call office;
. telephone China 140 from 9 to 11 a. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
; Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
i WANT ' ads and • subscriptions taken for Tha
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister ft.
SPI~ITUA_ISM.
MME. YOUNG, test circle to-night; 10c; 610
McAllister; readings dally. 1720 Sacramento.
DEAD-TRANCE medium; names, bus., min'p;
circ. Tues.. Thur.. Sat., 8 pm. 325 Ellis, front.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business- medium and
I life reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
¦¦ CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
. I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; In fact. 1 will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, und luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; 1 Implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, ' win the one you
love. . bring back . your loved one, . and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 >. m. to 3
p. m .; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st..' 328.' -
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal sefer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR,* young, gifted ¦ clair. & palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble,' bus. and financial success; names;
L, 50c; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St., . San ; Francisco. - Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p.»m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: 'Wednes-
day evening. 6; to: 8. , Phone South '.1141.
A— MME.' RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vlce; names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis it- ,
C/f CTV a TBV O ~ ANTS— Contained.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st-. next Examiner
bldg. : she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the I
present happenings and portrays events to I
occur In the future; it you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, cr
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advfce in
. all affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed ;»open Sundays.' Tel. Black 45C9.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTEtl LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would It notTbe relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then for reliable reading go to Livingston*.
428 Eddy *t.: three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. 8 p. m.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberff, palmist. clairvoyant.card
reader; when others fall try me:sood readings
J!£5:_-I 21 Fran * tl ln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel,Larkln 4207.
MISS "WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts; readings dally. 917 Market, room 10.
MME. MARSEAU. clrd reader; ladles 23c
F<nts 50c. 545 Minna st.
MME. FLORENCE, card reader and palmist.
prices reasonable; hours 10-9. 713 California.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. H now at 817 Ellis St.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 418
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Mala 6530.
H C. DECKER....... ...Established in 1877
906 MARKET ST., COR., STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
36 rooms; downtown; reduced ,to $1,100
9 rooms; flne piano; on Sutter. st -WO
17 rooms; on Fourth st.; a bargain.... 1,200
38 rooms; on Market . st >0^
40 rooms: reduced from $3500 to -.200
15 rooms: clears $100...... '•'••• « >5Ji>0
Houses, large and small, from $50. to.. 20,0(x> i
Flat. 8 rooms and bath • 60 *> :
Lodging-house, 36 rooms. .......' 1,100
Lodging-house, 54 rooms.. ...;..... ".000
Lodging-house. 40 rooms.. «
Rooming-house, 20 rooms:. ............. 2,500
Rooming-house,' 11 rooms -' 3M)
11 rooms; good piano: on Sutter st.... .. 4(H>
10 rooms: fine corner J> 00
24 rooms ; transient ...:... ¦¦¦•¦•••'•¦¦• 2,300
TWENTY HOUSES TO EXCHANGK.
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market St.; cor. Stockton
COTTAGES TOR SAIiE.
FIVE-ROOM cottage; barn, fruit, flowers; Key
route; cheap for cash. Box 2910. Call office.
FOR sale— Cottage. 6 roonJs and bath. Inquire
nt M Cumberland st; •
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED — Small, nicely furnished flat or cot-
tage, good neighborhood; no children: terms
must be reasonable. Box 3969. Call of flee.
OI.OTHINQ B-NOVATIWQ.
SUITS -. cleaned and pressed. $1: scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
I phone Drumm K' Call for and deliver fre«.
AUTOMOBILES. |
AUTOMOBILE~ f or sale (Cadillac) with de-
tachable touneau. Box 1048, Call office.
A WHITE Stanhope for sale; price $600; In
perfect running order. Box- 1979. Call.
RAMBLER auto for nal«; seats two persons.
Box 2258. Call office. '
birds, ooas. etc.
YOUNG parrots, guaranteed to talk, $3 each;
largest variety dog?, birds, cages, etc.. at low
price*. 1544-46 Market st.
BOABJIKG rOB CHIIi PBEBT.
A MIDDLE aced lady would like 2 or 3 chil-
dren to board: mother's care. 3003 Twen-
tieth St..
WANTED — By an experienced woman. Infant
to board. For particulars inquire 212 7th St.
SCHOOL books. oIU and new. bcught and sold.
DALY & CURRAN. S57 Geary Bt.
sirsunsssjCHAsrcss.
A— $600; CIGAR stand on Market St.. close to
Phelan building; rent $75; place clears at
least $175 per month. Call R. O. WILKE,
26 Vi Kearny st.
A— $2000— CORNER ealoon; living rooms;
place establ. years; doing a good-paying bus-
iness; lease; sickness of owner compels him
to sacrifice. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; on Ellis
St.; living rooms; rent $35; lease; a splendid
location and good paying business. See R.
Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; BARBER shop, 4 chairs; elegant
fixtures and clearing at least $50 per week;
r«nt $75, including 7 rooms; located in choic-
est business part of city. Call R. O. WILKE,
20% Kearny et.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; SO
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 beds;
g;>od furniture; lease; a well paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2t5% Kearny st.
A — $2200; coffee saloon and restaurant, op-
posite the Ferries building; lease; place es-
tablished years; doing a rushing and good
paving business; fullest Investigation sollc-
Ued. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500; corner grocery and bar on Fulton
et.; rent $C0; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See Ii. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A — $350; corner cigar stand on water front;
rent $25; value in sight; a good business.
See R. G. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny st.
A— $1500; HOTEL and roadhouse. with 18 fur-
nished rooms; rent $70; 5 years' lease; large
barns, yard, orchard, etc.; 26 steady board-
ers, horses, buggies, etc.; tbe best-paying
country hctel in San Mateo County. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$4000— SALOON on Turk St.; net rent $150; B
years' lease; defiantly fitted up place and
good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny tt.
A— $1500; WHOLESALE bakery: daily sales
about $50- new wagon, _¦ horses, etc.; rent
$45; stock at Invoice; only cash trade; a fine
business offer. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
2t% Kearny st
A— $2050: CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location in the Mission; place
ettabll&hed years and tirst-class paying; full
value in Eight. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located tn th«
brit manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.:
cash trade; r«nt $30; 4 furnished rocms;
ltase. See R. G. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny st.
A— $li,00: ROADHOUSE, with nne living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall. 2 stable*, etc.;
*v well-advcitleed and good-paying: nous*.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $6000; CORNER salcon. with 4 years'
lease; about % block from Market and Ellis
etc.; place doing a rushing business; value
In debt: cwner must leave for the East.
6*c R. G. WILKE. *.'«% K«arny st.
A— fS50; CORNER saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 block soutq of Market and Powell
rt_; a good business; owner engaged In
ether business cause of eale. Particular!
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2(^0; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
•tr.d Eacrih-jes; ealoon established years; a
flrst-claes paying clac*. See K. Q. WILKE.
2€% Kearny «t.
I A— $1000; RARK chance, rare chance, rare
cfcanre; restaurant in San Rafael; dally re-
ctlptfl $25; rent $30: good business; value
in siicht: patronized by best class of people.
fce* R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny at.
< A— $800; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place dclnc a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 28% Kearny.
A— 52T.00; LEADING hotel in the best business
•.or.n SO miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
oining-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the interior. Call R. G.
WILKE 2CH Kearny tt.
A— IJtOO; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; flrtt-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A-$17C0; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 3tf rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion across tbe bay. See R. O. WILKE. _'t>>4
Kearny st. '
A— J3D00 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery et.. vicinity of
California* clace murt be secrlflced on ac-
count of ill health o! c~ ner. Se« K. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny et.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If yon wish to buy or nell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cigar stand, saloon, or business of
any kind, do not fall to call upon us; we
m&y have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.; 1312 Market St.,
rooms 418-119. telephone Folsom 34B8.
f2000 — LARGE wood, coal, hay and grain busi-
ness In nearby town; 0 horses. 4 wagons,
buggy, cart, safe, 3 scales, etc.; large and
wen arranged yard; rent $25; long lease;
kales $2000 month; stands strictest investi-
gation : owner retiring; no agents. Address
Coal, box COG. Call Branch, 1016 Broadway.
Oakland.
: a — CORNER grocery, with big bar trade; long
i established; lease; Fix living rooms; etabl«
for horse and wagon; good cellar; located
near Market St.; $1750 will purchase this op-
portunity: will on'y interview party with
ready cash and those meaning business. Ap-
ply 703 Po'.k St., near Eddy.
$3000— EXPERIENCED man In furniture lnixi-
- ness v.lth a few thousand dollars; best
chance to make money in that line In a pros-
i rierous town In California. Inquire box
i 38C5. Call office.
1 F n R sal*, cheap, account sickness, good-paying
carh business; groceries and delicacy stor<e;
fixtures, horse, wagon, harness; will take
In part payment ocean boach or Berkeley
lot". Bex 3068, Call office.
. STAGE line for sale; 10 stage horses, 2 9-pas-
, i Bonger stages, :5-rocm house and lot and
j etage barn: change barn. 1(50 acres of land;
wish to tetlre from business; good paying;
at a bargain. Address box 3950, Call office.
A — $r,.V> BUYS corner raloon; line bar and
. back bar; pool table; good trade; 3 nice
living rooms; rent $18. See BROOKBANK-
NORTON CO., 017 Market st.
1 | OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop, well
- | equip)>ed wtth . tools and machinery, doing
1 j good business; good location; flne chance for
1 live man. Apply 1192 Folsom Et.
" $500 — RELIABLE man, wlllins to work, can
* purchase Interest In estab. mfg. business; le-
1 gltlmate, paying proposition; bear closest In-
vestigation; ran clear $100 mo. 247 Fifth Rt.
- HOTEL with bar attached for sale In* a ccun-
J try town: a good point for travel: have run
the houne for 9 ye.ars. Address for partlcu-
• lars. box 19*9, Call office. • - ;
FOR *al» — A grocery etore In a good live
- town, doit k a good business; must sell on
i account of sickness. Address A. B. C. box
I 2S9«. Call office.
WRITTEN proposals will be received for rent-
ing of barber shop and hair dressing par-
lors In new department store. PRAGER'8,
* Market and Jones ittfi.
: FOR sale — 12-room boarding-house; central lo-
'¦ cation; everything modern; always full; cause
I sickness. JNO. STANTON, Point Richmond,
' $2*.'.Q — GROCERY and bar; choice corner In
Mission; reasonable rent and long lease; In-
~ vestigate this. Box 3027, Call office.
• FOR sale cheap — Branch bakery store with lin«
of notions and groceries. Apply FRANK &
MCCARTHY, Ban Leandro. Cal.
•• MEAT market averaging $50 business per day
trade and location best possible; owne~ out
£ of health. Address G.. 21C8 Fifteenth st
- FOR sale — An old-establlehed stationery and
periodical business, with a long lease. Apply
- to E. HAUER.-S.-F. News Co.
'" A— $200— PARTNER wanted; $15 to $35 a week
. Particulars at 47 Geary st., room ft.
SALOON fcr sale, cheap; long lease and low
~ rent; fine stock and flxtnrea. Inquire 118 4th,
i; A WELL-ESTABLISHED winery for sale, oi
L will take a partner. Box 3932. Call ofoc«.
751__?IE_____l
JOllX D. SPllECTiE^^.^ProP^OT
Address Ccmmunicstlons to
JO n^SIcX^'GHT^^jj^^j^^Manaccr
\V. J. MAltTIX Busings jjjggggr
TELEPHONE.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 CU. Per . W^ k * " 5
Ct*. Per Month. Single Copies 5 c * t - wlth
Terms by Mall, Including Postage (cash \%ltn
DAILY CALL (teded. Sunday). 1 / ear ;'-- $ ?-oS
DAILY CALL (lnclucl. Sunday*. « mos... 4.uu
J;AILY CAL!^-iJ.v Elncte Month „'%•
M'XL'AT CALL. 1 Y>:il t^jC
IVECKX.T CAl-L. 1 Year •••• v'.'I'i-xtrai
• I Da'Iv SS 80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN ! lr u . dav 4 J5 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. |^eeWy-. 1.00 Per Year ¦ I^tra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
fcascrle Ccplwi will be forwarded when — -
Quested. . .
Mtll subscribers In ordering chang* of afl;
dr**« ahould be particular to give both >fc.w
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
;:¦-•::;; i «jid correct compliance with tncir re-
sjmsc
icie fa,^!!!^Si» **» ««
BETiKELE? OF FICE: „„.,,—.
tl<£ Center Street Telephone North 77
— 'AEHIXGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
N_W YORK NEWS STAJfDS:
""aldcrf -Astoria Hctel: A. Brentano. 81
Cnlon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Ei**l «ed Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Skensan House: P. O. Slews C°-: Ore* 1
Northern HoU): Tremont Hons«i Auditorium
Hotel; Palrcer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C. GEORGE KHOGXESS.-Marquette Building
<Lcn? Distance Telephone, ••Central 2619. >
SEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
• KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
EUEINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Tfc'.rd streets; open
• t=-Jl 12 o'clock every r.ight !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p a.
C2T Mortpcmery street, corner Clay: open
until 9:30 p. ru.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€3i< McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Lsrkin Etreet; open until y:30 p. m.
19*1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
iOC. Eleventh street; cren until 9 p. m.
1C91 Vftlenria street : op«n until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
oner until !» p. m.
22rO F;l!mcr» street: eppn until 9 P- rn.
at~~TI3TO HOTTCES.
GODFREY de Saint Omar Coun-
cil, Knights Kadosh No. 1. _f^ \n/.«.
Masonic Temple, 0 Pest *t—
:-• :lal meeting THIS (THURS- f- V_2aJ'Ji'W
DAY) EVENING at 7 :G0 !*• £if J~;i
o'clock, sharp. Business: In- " --T*t~iLrT r i
s;a!!:ng officers, ballo'ing en <>^ifJSj7?
applications for degrees. In- * :: ?7\?£r
ttructions 19-29 degrees, and -^—t^
rehearsal of thirtieth degree.
HENRY BURNER (33) Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M— H
• Social raeeUBS THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. M. M.. P. M. and M. E. <V\
If. d-grccs. By order of the H. P.
JNO. n. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LoCjre No. 1. F. and A, a
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) x/V
EVENING a: ~:Zv o'clock. Se-ond de- /^A
gree. F. Ii. DAY. Secretary-.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. _
M— Special meeting THIS (THURS-
DAY) EVENING at 7 :M o'clock. /V\
bteonfl <i'-grc-c. F«llowcratl Mii^•Jns
cordially Invited. By order of the \V. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
IX^RIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— ®
Third degree THIS (THURSDAY) 'V^f
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By order /*^\
of the &la«<rr.
J. R GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
ETABR KING Lodfir No. .:¦»!. r. .::i(1...
M.. .'517 Devisa'1«T0 Ft. — Second J<.oif (; jf
THIS (THURSDAY) at 7:*> ;j. in. /*V\
Master M»«o «a!ly invited. By
order cf the TV. M
A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
SIR WALTER SCOTT'S an.-iiv.r- .* .,i
tary— Grand celebration in honor £^^3
of the l&id *:mivf rsary 'of the
1 irth of £1R WALTER SCOTT. \\\
under the auspicts of Clan Fraset _loJc
No. 78. O. S. C. Eir.tracht Hall. ** 31
Twelfth St., near Folsoni (largest hall in th«
c-ity). on MONDAY KVENING. August 15
Concert -a-111 consist of high-cla^s vocal num.
hern under the leadership of Professor Bur-
ness, soloist: by Frank Onslow, tenor; Mies
H. Heath, soprano; Ml«s M. Jud?on. con-
tralto; L. A. Larsen bass; oration on Sii
-Walter Scott by the Rev. George C. Adami
cf the First Congregational Church, and wil
"also include many novel features, such aj
Itn*- combat or ti'.T Jam's and Roderick Dhu.
and that dramatic scene, the capture of Rob
Koy, and several ether tableaux dear to
Scottish hearts; a grand gathering of the
clan* and cbora. Fir.plr.g by 200 clansmen In
<-o£tum e; erand Highland r*"el in costume by
the bert cancers on the Pacific Coa*t: enter-
tainment at B. dancing at 10. Admission,
adults OCc. children 2.*>c.
AMUSEMENT COMMITTEE.
THE San FranOco Scottish Thistle . r— ?
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3, H/fa
EVENING in Fraternity Hall. 32 xVy£s
fi'Fairell ft., at fc o'clock. **_^*
GEORGE XV. PATERSOX. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
THE- Servian Benevolent Society
holds Its regular meetings .
every second and last THURS- V C* ¦«
DAV cf the month Bt 102
O Karrell st. at 7:30 P . rn. »S??fi3?
JOHN A. LJUBinRATICH. S&^»'
iv. RADOJEVICH. Se.-r»?tary. iSfSSct
UXION' COOKS= TAKE NOTICE^
Oo-.k*' Union Local No 44, meets THTS
•" liUP.PDAY) EVENING, the 11th. at 1C2
O'Fairell st. All members Fhould attend
(h'.t meeting, as something of great )mr>ort-
an?<> to the rnembr-r« will come up and all
should attend to dircu«5 the (subject that will
<.-o;np up and vote upon It.
OFFICE of the JicCarty Wireless Telephone
Company. Koom 327. 027 Market St.. San
Francisco. Cal.. Aue. 2. lt^4.— To the Stock-
|16>rs of tbe McCarty Wireless Telephone
rr.rany. a Corporation: Tublic notice is
r*r;y riven that a special n-.mifcc of the
>ckhol<i«ri« cf the MrOrty Wireless Tele-
one Ccmpar.y will be he'.d at the office of
• said company, rcorn :C2~. !<27 Market st.,
n Frar.rlFco. Cal., on TUESDAY. August
JfiC4. at 3 o'ciork r. in., for the purpos"
der-larine vacant the ©f.flc*s of president,
:r-:tary anO treasurer. anO also as directors
raid «jrporation; s,iH mediae is called by
let cf Henry A. McCarty. guardian of the
tat* of Francis J. McCarty. owner and
',A"T of more the;> two-tnif!* of th« sub-
ritx-d rspifaj Ftork nf taM «*orporation
SXRT a. Mccarty. Guardian of the Esl
to r,' y?T^T.r-\K J. JJ'-Olrtjr.
_ AG---E TFAXTTED.
LADY fronts— W<> have bip sellers for private
e&nvt«'jiR: our roois »e!l and no kicks at the
rwice; san-.ple at sc.>nt«' price, 65 cents
'stamps) and free cataicjrue. The E. TJlton
Manufacturing Co.. office 706 Powell st.
AGENTS — An cgency fcr a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Wcriern Improve-
• — ent Company. Parrott building.
LADY cr gertleman; fin? p^ltlon and" good
fay. ?•!?• Mr-ri;et ft.. y.;it» SS.
ACTOIti—S-gS-AT-^AW.^^
H. XT. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldgT
| Cth floor: entrance room f.ll; established li
years; all cases, general «-ourt and office
rxsct'.ce; no fee in advance cr for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment, Tel. Red 3601.
, ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorce* a
tpeciaJty; private, quick; no ray In advance-
. mining companies organized; pa tents obtained"
• G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market ft.; estab 22 yrs.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advlc*
free; all law business; no charge unless sue-
«-«-sful: «jp«n cvenir.ga. 827 Market, room 301.
ADVICE fre«: dlvorc* costs $12; no fees or
ccttm In advance: al' law business; ofr.ee
r : rn Saturday evenings. 819 Market nt.. r.23.
Columbian Law & Collection Agency, r. 85. 0U
Market; tel. John G226; solicits ytmr business
MONET advanced heirs on estates; estates pro-
bated; contul. free. F.Colbonrn. att'y,027 Mkt
t. S. CLARK. 927 Market St.; consultatlor
free; so fees to advance; open evenings.
PA TKNTS rtnI penMons— SONNTAG'S PAT
f'.NT ft I^XSION AGCY.. 214 Pln». 6th floor
ASTHMA BEMED Y. _ _
DI NOLA'P Asthma Remedy relle\-es Instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas
—so WUbaii, 10th and Washington, Oakland
BTJBHTES3 CHASOEB — Contlnned. ¦
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060. ,
3 Eddy st.' cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances. ,
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-rootn ark. moored '
one hour's ride from city; flne chance for '
summer outing; also for winter shooting and i
fishing; completely furnished and equipped i
for housekeeping; automatic generator for i
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything i
6trlctly new and modern; accommodate 12 (
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. ,
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect; <
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade <
for rmg.-hs. or bualnese. CAMERON. 3 Eddy. ,
WANTED— To exchange Income property In (
Alameda for stock of merchandise In.S. F. ;
value about $8000. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR eale — Carriage and waKon factory and '
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well 1
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.; <
full investigation and trial given; retiring ,
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy. ,
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate, ( '
rooming houses and business chances. CAM- '
ERON & CO. 3 Eddy st. «
FOR exchange— Lot, 25x123, with cottage, East ,
Oakland; high basement; cement sidewalks; ,
everything first-class; on direct car line; for ,
rooming-house S. F.; value $2000. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. \
FOR sale— First-class electrician and lock- <
smith business; bona fide proposition; good <
reasons for selling. CAMERON tc CO. ,
WANTED — A pair of goats trained to harness. <
Apply at Fischer's Theater. <
LARGE corner saloon for sale; newly fixed ,
up; cheap; make offer. Bex 2904. Call office. ,
WOOD and coal yard In Berkeley for sale; '
reasonable. -Box 2293. Call office. J
FOR sale — Coal and wood yard in the Mission; i
good trade. Box 1995, Call office. ,
GROCERY and bar for sale In good location
In North Beach; Investigate. Box 2263. Call.
A BRANCH office for Th« Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market rt.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
A^CAMERO.N & CO., Phone South 1060.
8 Kddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
108 rooms; rent only $5 BO per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people tn coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
15 rooms; rent $C5; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price; $S00.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-clasa condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
S-room flat; rent $45; close In; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure; price $400.
00-room, new. modern U and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent: most elegantly
equipped In city: 5 years' lease; every -appoint-
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
gain on accoi'nt of sickness.
28 rooms; elegant fuul family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing Mne business; will trade for large
apartment-hoU5e and pay cash difference.
8 rooms and closets; East st. ; rent only $1S;
Rood furniture and carpets; everything for
l'ousekeeping; 6 beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
24 rooms: rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
cooii lease.
ISO rooms; grand, Dew, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: flne lease; paying $5C0 to $€00 per month;
I close In: full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in flne shape; flne little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2S00.
16 rooms; rent $C5; good furnituTe and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
108 rooms: cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fin*
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house: other business
interests demand immediate departure. „
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance S
per cent per annum; departure.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $000; at bargain If sold at once; $300.
45 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and Kood running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month: always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition: good furniture and car-
pets: clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here Is
best proposition in city; price $3200.
128 rooms; .cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
105 rooms; cheap rent; flrst-class, up-to-date
' commercial house: clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
126 rooms; rent only $4 p*r room; new and
up-to-date hcuse; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long leaser clears $400 to $500 per
; month; one of the best buys In the city.
; Large list of real estat*. rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand
1 CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
! MARION GRIFFIN.
I • .
4M Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
1 Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
¦ 31 ROOMS, 10 of which are newly furnished;
centrally l6cated; great bargain at $1250;
: part cash; long lease. MARION GRIFFIN.
" 9-ROOM flat; modern; elegantly furnished for
! private home; will sell at sacrifice on v*ry
f-asv terms, or rent as a whole for $80 per
; month. MARION GRIFFIN.
11 ROOMS; almost new furniture; clean as a
pin; desirably located; all goes at the rldlcu-
[ lously low prire of $400. MARION GRIFFIN.
• 16 ROOMS on Van Ness ave.; beautifully fur-
nished; clears $60; only $1000. Marion Griffin.
i 15 UOOMS; O'Farrell St.; excellent home: well
, fumlshea. reduced from 51200 to $S0O. Griffin.
• 105- ROOM apartment-house; one of San Fran-
cisco's most profitable Investments, and one
J which will bear the most rigid Investigation;
furnUhed with oxcillent judgment; guaran-
'. teed to clear now over $250 mo. — the dull
season: long lease at less than $5 per room.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40t> Examiner building.
1 A— 140 ROOMS; first-class hotel with bar; will
positively clear over $1000 per month; noth-
ing; in San Francisco outside of the St. Fran-
1 . cis Hotel will equal It In point of furnish
. I ings; every room an outside room; steam
i ' heated and every known modern convenience;
II you are looking for one of the city's best
business opportunities on easy terms; get full '
particulars from MARION GRIFFIN.
» _
l BEAUTIF.ULLY furnished apartment-house of
ct 70 rooms; low rent, long lease; the: best of
locations: brand new, modern; up to date In
all respects. Exclusively for sale by MARION
GRIFFIN. '¦ .
i, 34 ROOMS; Sutter «L ; corner house; always
full of steady roomers; clearing - $175 'per
month. This Is worthy your Investigation.
- Installments. MARION GRIFFIN, room 406
e Examiner building, S." F.
I 7~~ MITCHELL & CO..
n 1206 Market st. . Phone Jessie 2981.
'* Rooining-houEes, hotels and flats; will, sell
any house; part cash; balance easy payments.
e 45-r. transient; lease; rent $205; clears $175.
i 11 r.; r»nt $55; downtown; for $450.
44 r.; rent $240: modern apartments;
105-r. apartment; rent $5 room; full.
-; MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market.
t FOR sale— Lodging-house, 30 rooms; rent $95;
clears $90 per month; price $1000. Address
d box 2287. Call office. ¦ .-¦ : -
$550 — NICELY furnished house, 10 rooms. In-
quire at ft Harlan place, off Grant ave.
MISSION. S38 — House of 10 rooms v and . base-
ment; all rented: $525; Investigate this. .
• A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
- of advertisements and subscriptions has been
ir opened at 100$ .Market .St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. zn, -
$500 WORTH Or TOWER'S "GOLDEN GATE CGrr EC" DISTRIBUTED
This. week we offer our "WANT AD" patrons a rare treat. We have purchased of J.
A. Folger & Co., the principal coffee importers in the West, a large quantity, of their famous
(1 )~\ \iL\ ~ ( ( 1
s And on Thursday, Friday and Saturday of this week every one bringing a WANT AD for in-
sertion, in next Sunday's CALL will receive a one-pound tin of coffee FREE. It is an ex-
pensive premium.
GOLDEN GATE COFFEE is sold by all grocers at 40c per pound and is guaranteed to
be uniform in strength and quality. GOLDEN GATE COFFEE is so good that Messrs. J. A.
Folger & Co. sell it strictly on merit. Nothing goes with GOLDEN GATE COFFEE but sat-
isfaction. -
GATE COFFEE will please those who are particular about the quality of the
•coffee they drink. It is coffee perfection and is held in the highest esteem by critical coffee
drinkers. •
We have been giving our patrons a series of useful articles, but this permiu— 1 is one that
should cause every householder to advertise his or her wants in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
. Once you try our columns you will become a regular patron. Once you try the coffee
you will become a steady user of it.
Gifts Given Thursday, Friday and Saturday to
..WANT ADVERTISERS ONLY..
NONE BUT BONA FIDE WANT ADS WILL BE RECEIVED..
Premiums distributed at BUSINESS OFFICE, Third and Market Streets and OAKLAND
" ' OFFICE, San Francisco Call, -X0J6 Broadway.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1904.'
11
help J?^-^g*Li^i^E"^g? tto .gl d —
A— MURRAY & READY C34-O:JC Clay~st.
Phone Main 5648.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We eptak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages
180.1 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
eo.000 Men Work. Increase (50,000.
He has arrived. Now 'at our office.
Representative of the United States
Government work beins done close to
Wadsworth, in State of Nevada.
Cost only SI office fee. See boss.
Muckers, $75. See boss.
TCameters, ?75. See boss.
Laborers $75. See boss
Drillers, $'J0. See bo?s.
Concrete mixers, $75. Sea boss.
FOR LUMBER SYNDICATES.
MILLS. WOODS AND FACTORIES.
45 laborers for ml!l3 and yards. $60.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
63 laborer? for wooda and camps $60.
YOU'LL SUIT; .TAKE IT.
1j5 laborers to build extension of R. R. for
this lumber company In woods, $60.
ANY LABORER WILL DO.
C5 men. do anything, box factories. $60.
STEADY JOB YEAR ROUND.
45 boy?, different easy Jobs mills, $30 fd.
CALL EARLY— GO MAKE MONEY.
12 four-horse teamsters, $75. . ••
ARE YOU A DRIVER?
12 wheeler drivers, steady work, $75.
PREPARING L. R. R.
65 laborers to repair R. R. in woods, $67 50.
' MECHANICAL.
' 4 bench hands. t planing mill, $3 50 day. .
12 coopers. 10c barrel- 5 door moldere, $3.
Head lineman, wood*. $75.
3 spool tenders and other mill and woods
help.
ARE YOU A
Mechanical draughtsman? Must -thoroughly
under stand bridge work; good pay to the {
man.
C good Iron molders, steady, good Jobs.
TINSMITH. $3 50.
12 carpenter*, different city and country Jobs,
$3 to $4 day.
5 painters, hous£ work, city Job, $3 day.
HODCARRIER. $3 50.
Tool sharpener, oil wells, boss here, $2*50.
6" blacksmiths, different Jobs, $3, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-635 Clay st.
GOLD MINES.
16 machine miners, $l»0 and $S2 50.
3 furnace men for mines, $40 and found.
YOUNG MEN LEARN MINING.
12 young men to work about mines. $30 fd.
FARMS — STABLES.
15 men for farms, $30, $35, $45 found.
5 stablemen, city and country. $30 to $50 fd.
Milkers, choreboys and men, other help.
1« MEN BALE HAY. $3 50 DAY.'
Budder. nursery, fare $1. $1 60 day found.
OIL FIELDS.
12 laborers, experience not wanted, $67 50.
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS.
16 teamsters, different city and country Jobs
$60.
15 laborers, different city and country Jobs,
$6«.'
12 plow teamsters, construction work, $67 60.
MONTEREY BY THE SEA.
15 laborers, can you handle a shovel? $67 50.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
35 laborers. specUl R. R. oar to-day, $67 50.
VARIOUS POSITIONS.
Boy. carpet, city warehouse, $0 week.
2 boys, learn upholstering trade. $0 week.
German boy, learn sausage making, $15 fd.
Young man. 16 to 18 years, drive light
wBgoh. $2 day.
Night watchman, run elevator, references,
$20 found.
Young man for city store. $9 week.
2 experienced men, bottling works, $60.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
13 hotel and B. H. cooks. $^5, $40. $50, $60.
4 cooks for ranches. $20. *30. $35 found.
3 cooks, haypress camps. $25, J30, $35 found.
' DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BELL AND
'ELEVATOR BOYS.
12 waiters, different city, country Jobs, $30,
$40.
Pantryman, $35 found.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, fare 50r. $3O to $35 found.
Cattle man. stock man. $30 found.
LAUNDRY.
Ironer, country laundry. $15 week.
2 starch Ironers, country. $12 week.
BAKERS.
2 bws for bakery. *25 found: 2 bedmakers.
Baker, ices, etc., hotel. *40 found.
ARE YOU MARRIED?
Man and wife, orchard, wife cook. $55 fd,. ,
4 other men and wives, $40. $5O to $6O.
MURRAY &, READY, 034-636 Clay st.'
GO TO
Loe Anirelee, ¦ 4£g ' 8an Bernardino,
Highlands, Pomona, Redlands,
Riverside Districts.
Center of the great orange and lemon belt,
where the sun shines year round; any man
can work every day. »-
Teamsters wanted, you'll suit, $60.
FARE ONLY $4 60. BY BANTA FER.R.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ITJS NEW. ITS NEW! IT'S NEW.
WORK.
155 Italian laborers. $60.
155 Austrian laborers. $60.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
1ft carpenters, city Job, $4 day.
2 blacksmiths. Nevada State. $60 and found.
MACHINISTS— $3 DAY.
ROCK FOREMAN— $3 50 DAY.
Gang edserman, $65 to $00 and found.
C5 woodchoppers. different Jobs. $1 75 cord.
5 IRON MOLDERS.
2 brushmakcrs, $1 to $1 20 per M.
llan to milk and ride after stock, $50.
GOLD MINE BOSS HERE.
4 machine miners. $S2 50.
4 chuck tenders, $75.
4 laborers. $67 50.
Walter, mine, milk t-n-r> cows. $25 and found.
FOREMAN BITUMINOUS WORK.
Bench hand, planing mill, fare $1, $3 50 day.
House man. nrivate Job, $20 and found.
Trimmer man, lumber company, $40 to $50
and found.
Painter, carriage works, city. $3 50 day.
Man and wife. creamery, no experience,
$00 and found.
Cashier, city restaurant. $10 and found.
7 teamsters, fare $1 25, ranch, $32 50 fd.
2 bedmakers, city. $20 and found.
Man to run skin and hide wagon, city. $60.
Barboy, h-elo housekeeper, fare 20c. $20 fd.
Fireman, do little blacksmlthing, dredger,
$4O and fcund. .
- MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
YOUNG man for office work; must write a
plain, legible hand and be accurate at figures;
xiagcg about $50 per month; also boy for
office. $20 per month: apply by letter in own
handwriting. Box 3fll8. Call office.
A HEBREW gentleman who Is a good salee-
rrvan; member of Jewish society preferred:
salary and commission to right man; also a
man a3 sub-manager of agents; references
necessary. Box 3a72, Call office.
THE Pacific Mutual Life wants two good men
for field work: territory given: new con-
tracts; new talk; be ambitious. Call and see
State superintendent, room 32.
YOUNG me.n everywhere: copy letters; home
¦ evenings: $9 50 week: send addressed en-
velope for particulars Manager Dept. W 4,
box 1411. Philadelphia, Penn.
WANTED — Dentist; good crown and bridge
workman and good extractor; can also use
good plate workman. Schiffman Dental Co..
Los Angeles. Cal.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7, for free Information ai
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
or evenings.
WANTEI) — An experienced bookkeeper, one
having knowledge of the wholesale butter
and egg business in this city. Box 14, Call.
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
work; no nieht or Sunday work; $25 security
reqn;red. Apply 31OV4 Folsom st., upstairs.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
8ON. 477 and 473. Parrott building.
< WANTED- House painter* at 729 Devisadero
•
BOOTPLACK wanted. 204 Battery at.
IF you have a small amount of money and
need employment, call 1118 Market St., r. 1.
BARBERS — 3- chair shop; no reasonable offer
refused. 1090 Valencia st.
WANTED — Young man who is a thoroughly
experienced dry-goods bundle wrapper.' Ap-
ply bet, 9 and 11 a, m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — Dry goods delivery router: one
who ha* had local experience: married man
preferred: will pay liberal salary; state
age, experience and where previously em-
ployed. Apply box 3960. Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
require*!; constant practice and expert In-
struction; positions secured; special Induce-
ments this month: catalogue mailed • free.
Moler System College,'. 635 Clay st.
HOTEL barber shop in one of the liveliest and
most progressive towns In California; must
sell by order of doctor. See STOLTZ, 723
Market st. . . - . „
BARBER shop: Western Addition: 2 chairs:
old stand; will pell cheap; has other busi-
ness. E. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
. i_
WANTED for Berkeley — Up-to-date candy-
maker Tor retail store; principally counter
goods; state references and wages wanted.
Address box 22,, Call office, Berkeley.
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of encyclopedia work: salary $1000
per year with additional bonus: first-class
references required. Box 3029, Call office.
SEAL ESTATS — CXTT — POS SALS.
SPECK & CO.
209 ML-ntsom-ry .Street.
REAL ESTATK.
Selling. Insurance.
Leasing. Rents O>llecte3.
$42,500 — N.W. corner. 50x150; a frontages; cast
tf Larkin st.. south of Sutter: sr.a;>;
$25.u<uj bank mortgage can remain
$40,000— $i2CU yearly rent; lot 8i\^75; only
partly irrr.roved: 2 frontages; main
streets: can be ltase-J for $11^0 per month.
$25,CC0 — S-'l' 1* yearly rent: $15.WO 6 per cent
bank mortsaire can remain; lot 5uxlU7:tt.
Si.l?ndi(l investment.
$20,000 — $1740 yearly rsr?: Polk-street busin*s»
property: large lot: a rood buy.
$18.0C0 — $1740 yearly rent; lot 75 ft. front; Al
location; Western Addition.
$16,000— $U20 yearly re*t; 3 nsw flats; vicinity
Ellia and Ottavia; solendld tenants.
$13,5C0— Three fine W. A. flats; vicinity Oc-
tavia and O'Farrell; renting for- $112
month: 25- foot lot.
$0.0C0 — $S10 yearly n-nt; 2 splendid flat* wlti
11-ft. basement that couJti at small ex-
pense be :nade lr.to fiat; lot aions wcr:J»
$CW>0; 2 frontages.
$8.500 — $9PtJ yearly rent: business corner north
of Market St.: a trooil ».-ife Investment.
$6.700 — $:HJO yearly rert:. '.i fine fl»t« close to
Golden Gate Park; en car line; best part
of Klchmoml district : a bargain.
$5,5C0 — $570 yearly rent; rays 1 &er cent
per month net; new irrprovemente:
downtown business, near Market st.
$8,000 — Income $f$«; a year; 6 fiats, one block
from Hibernia Bank and one- naif block
from nsw Pcstoffice.
CHOICE BUILDINO LOTS.
$35,000 — N.W. corner: unsurpassed marine
view; 137:«xl2S feet; 3 frontages;
choicest residence section of San Fran-
cisco.
$9,000 — Near Waller end Masonic; 75x123;
want offer.
$4,000— Market St.: 23xlC0; close to comlnc
business eection.
$3,500 each for 2 fine Webster-street lots;
25x100.
$3.5C0 — 50x125; Masonic-avenue lot; splendid
piece.
SPECK & CO.
2C9 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills building.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.. "
od3 MARKET ST.
$15,000 — Rents $1410 per annum; 3 bran*
new flats of 7 rooms; saloon parlors; positively
the handsomest fiats In the Western Addition.
$7500— Bush st , near Hyde; 2 fine flats of
4-6 rooms and baths; large unfinished base-
ment; rents very low at $55 per mo.; lot alone
worth the money; mortgage of $iC0O can re-
main; would easily «tan<1 a mortgage of $5500:
this property is situated in a locality that la
lnrrfas:ng day by day.
$5500 — Rents $50 per mo. • positively tho
cheapest piece of property in the nature of flats
ever before offered; situated en Folsom St., mar
17th; new and modern in every respect; 4-5
rooms, ocrcelain baths, cement washtrays. gas
gratis, first-class fixtures; large high base-
ment, concrete foundation.
$5250 — 2 flats on Masonic ave.. south of Pied-
mont: brand new; containing 5-6 rooms; porce-
lain baths.
$5000 — Reduced from $6500; magnificent resi-
dence correr on Dolores st. ; 51:8 feet frontage
with L off side street 62 feet frontage; improve-
ments, elerant 2-story residence.
$5000 — 4 modern flats on Natoma St.. near
Sth; 4 rooms and bath each; rents $tS per mo.:
you can make no mistake investine south of
Market; property positively bound to Improve.
$4750—2 handsome Mission fiat3. 5-6 rooms
and bath, on Treat ave., runnln? through t»
rear street: 2 frontages; fine stable on rear
frontage ; rent $42 50.
$4600 — Rents $fil2 per annum; Langton St.,
near Howard: 4 very fine tenement flats of 4-3
rooms and 2 rear tenements of a rooms; perma-
nently rented; concrete sidewalk; newly papered
throughout: a safe investment.
542o'_> — Tenement flats of 4 rooms each; south
side of Market: rents $41 per mo.
A FEW PICKUPS FOR THE FUTURE IN
BUILDINO LOTS.
$2250— Frederick st.. near Wlllard.
$C5O— Fine corner on Hoffman ave. and 24th
St.: a positiv* sacrifice.
$250 — Lot. 2S foot frontage, on M St., near
13th ave.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
<£9 Market st.
$3300 — RENTS $3S4 a year: Buchanan an«i
Pulton sts; 2 elegant modern flats. 5 rocms
and bath each; positively the cheapest
property In the neighboorhod; this ele-
gant investment must be sold this week
and a mortgage of $2500 can remain: In-
spect tbia snap at once; 23 foot frontage.
GANCO. GL'NZ & CO. _
$1 25 PER week: no Interest: lots in the Kx-
. celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little horn*
on; close to electric cars and echool.
W. J. WHITE. *T
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
$250 DOWN. bal. $20 per mo., cottaee. 3 r.
and b. : Army St.. near Church; $2250.
Building lots In the Mission on easy terms;
send for our circular.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission St.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
$14,850— Rent $1590 per year: swell flats;
very substantially built; nearly completed;
located very central: 712 Haight, nr. Pierce.
Owner premises every day; lot 30-ft. front.
A $200O HOME built to suit you. lot included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association, 427 Crossley bid.
ALL wcrk guaranteed fint class by AHL-
BACH * MAYER, plumber* H.1* Howard •;.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ELMHTTBST BSAL ESTATE. j
IN ELMHURST.
EAST INSTALLMEXT9.-
NETV MODEJU*'- ARTISTIC.
1180*— Five-rcan cottage.
$ 1600 — Foor- room cottage.
SURROUNDINGS DESIRABLE.
CONVENIENT TO Haywards electric ears.
Southern Pacific station, post-
office, stores, churches and public
school.
STREETS sewered, iracarfarnlzed and oiled.
Cement sidewalks, city water.
telephone and electric lights.
Homes built to suit purchasers.
Addres* E B. AND A. L. STONE CO..
MO BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
REAL ESTATE — COOTTTBY — Pot Sale.
AT a banraln! — A fine chicken ranch of 2O
acres, situated in the heart of a thriving cltjr
of 7000 inhabitants; water ditch on the
place; will sell for part cuh. or exch.ir.se
for city property. Apply ta 616 Sacramento
stre«t.
ALFALFA Isnds. stock ranches, orchards,
-vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO..
«14» M»rk»t «t
POINT RICHMOUD BSAZi ESTATE.
4 LOTS, cheap for cash. 32S Bush at. third
floor, room 4.
REAL ESTATE TO H3CCTAJTQB.
FOR EXCHANGE. '
HSOft
20 acres of the best land la Fresno County,
carrying with it a valuable perpetual water
ricnt providing
ABUNDANT WATER
For thorough irrigation at ail times; 18 acres
under high state of cultivation; 4 acres of
pasturage: 6 acres in peaches In full bearint;
and choice varieties; 1H acres asserted fruite;
1 1. acres muscat grapes: some vines; 3 acres
fln» alfalfa: a substantial house of 4 rooms,
w'th cement wall storehouse: deep well of ttn«
water, windmill and tank, together with neces-
sary tools, driers, trays, boxes, etc.; larg*
barn: on oiled road out of Fresno; rural de-
livery; oce mile from grammar and high
schools; owner too old to give property neces-
sary attention. This property Is surrounded
by some ot the finest orchards and vineyards
in the State. Will sell for half cash, balance
to remain or will exchange for unincumbered
Sonoma County acreage. Tn« property I* en-
tirely unlncambered. Address J. A. SILEK,
box 395i; Call office.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPACT,
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-80S CALL BUILDINO.
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for tha purpose of reinvest-
ing the prcc*— <ls In a different kind of property.
¦Our long experience in thi* business enable*
us to often accomplish this, double purpoee by
enly one transaction. The enly condition w*
make Is that your property, if you wish us ta
dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take op either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property 10 neavlly
mortgaged as to leave no actual equtiy.
• If it has merit, whether you own real estat*
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
bring a description ef sanw to our office, .tit-
ing what kind of property you prefer m ex-
change, and yon will be surprised how quiciuy
we can effect the resnlt.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and ar»
the only cornrany in San Francisco making »
specialty of same. We make no charge tor ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
cept. _____^________^_______ m
Continued on Page TwcIt©.
MEDICAL — Continued.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 101S Market st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe. eure. never falls;
$2. Gleascn-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, ensines. boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, enclnes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale, cheap — 3 full-blooded Irish eetter
pups by Conn A. and Mollle Elcho, by Swift,
by Rosa Elcho, registered. F. WAXON, 1009
T St.. Sacramento, Cal.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. .
ONE SO H. P. boiler, wool presses, shafting,
pulleys, coils, belts, iron doors. 380 Town-
rend St.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12, upstairs.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st. ,
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
#ma,ll weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
PHONOGRAPH. 30 records and record-caw;
worth $40; will sell for $16. 1117 Pierce at.
$40 — FINE Jersey-Holstein cow 6 years old-
richest milk. 1190 67th st.. Oakland.
2D-HAND bulld'g material, lumber.doors.sash
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st; tel South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN 138 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks! Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021^ Market et.
BAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prlcej
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1816 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all size*. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
MISCELLAKEOUs WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, cents' full drees suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 25
Stockton st.
A — MORRIS pays positively big price ladies'
fey. dresses, gents' cloth' g. Postal 922 Folsom.
BARX wanted: 7 stalls and room for 3
wagons. Apply 3 Eddy St.. room 6.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. TeL
Davl9 S25; 650 Sacramento St.
TILTON wants good second-hand dothicg and
theatrical goods. 154 6th st. ; tel. Jeesle 2S51.
MOWEYJCO
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save exDenses by dealing- directly.
Estates, second mortgagee, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOA~N
A reasonable amount on
1st. I'd or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
e> Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office.
SALARY LOAN'S^ ~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any orH?;confldentlal and courteous treatment;
call and set terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — On furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
lRt or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectablo private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
*!6 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
'security: easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bide
THE United X«an and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per morrth;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. '
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market St.
LOANS FROM_$1_TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan at low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, p«arls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rial-
to .bldg., New Montgomery and Mission sta.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.,rm. 7.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
P. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
Don't borrow money on salary until you see us.
HTJTTON CREDIT CO., 006 Mutual Bank Bid.
LOANS to salaried people privately without se-
curity. PIONEER CO.. S19 Market St., suite 31.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg., 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bids.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
S % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room SI, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL, CC9 Examiner building.
MOWTBT^WAarTED.
BY business man in responsible position, loan
$100; 90 days; 2 per cent. Box 3961. Call.
Mg^CAL^SraUlCTMTCa.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianoo — Little
pianos for small rooms, medium aize for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, . etc. ; pianos for . rent at $1 per mo.,
some at $2. a large number of good ones .at
$2 50 per mo.: our own make pianos at $3
per mo (the beet Instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
• rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayea st.
A BUNCH of uprights: easy payments.
Erard; small upright for practice $40
Woodworth; Allovon; splendid order...... $65
Wagner; perfect condition; a snap $110
Neumann; mahogany case; a bargain.... $125
Estey; mahosany case; perfect order... $190
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
A PIANO free forgone month; if yoa'want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO. CO.. 237. Geary st.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented
in July and August. BRUENN, 225 Sutter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new: $135. 237 Geary st.
! EMPLOYMENT WASTED — SCALE. |
,,A.J KLEVATOR operator. 5 years' experience,
war.ii tTtuut'.on in office building or hotel; j
.*-i:i« «tart fcr $1« cr $12 a week; speaks
« KatfUah artfi G' rnmn. Address box S9C4. Call.
MECHANICAL draftsman, well acqualcud
. n-Uh. strut f.sral work, desires t>36Uii>n: S
years' experience; best reference*. Box
• iOlc. c*il DSflce.
POSITION wsx.fd as a si'.k Faletrr.an by a
>"jun£ man of coed education, speaking
Frtncft and German. Box :a>tiU. Call office.
VA^TCD — Pes-:t!on in city by cxj>eri«:nced
ttmrtemAen middle-aged Gorman: city and
"cjur.iry references. Box S3t>7. Call oliice.
# nXPEIt!l-NCEL> ill-round man wirhes position
Ir. fi'Lol">ale liQuor or wine huuse; under-
; stands cellar work; also can handle horses
' end wants to do delivering; references; b
¦- scar* at iaft place. Box 3355. Call office.
V ANTED— Position as traveUn* salesman;
' j lhq,-o--?hly exper.eneed; best of city refer-
,.«-acrs; fccrd-lf required; wages not lew thsn
\ $*¦••> ;>er month and expenses. Address box
• :»O47.-Oal] office.
Vt&KTKD — By a yc-ung man of college edues.-
't;cri. 21 j-e»r« old, position as collector and
; *Ss!^I»nt bookkeeper in wholesale or com-
lultalea no-.ise; rood references and bond* if
. nquliyfl. Box 3324. Call office.
' V» ! .R.:ei> .man, of rood habits, -willing to
*crs>. wo*Jld like steady employment as por-
'• ter in wholesale bouse; age US: German. Box
_ -S-J37. C»:i offlc*.
A GERMAN, middle-aged s.r.1 single, wishes a
alViaUcn as clerk in grocery store and bar- j
• room, first -ciaas r»fer«acea. W. BOHLINQ.
; , iX-7 Kaaray rt.
THOROUGHLY experienced office man wishes
position as traveling salesman; wages ez-
p»ct«J: b«st of references. Address box 2900.
Call of£t*.
sTTEADT, rcllabla. married man desires em-
ployment of any kind; bandy with tools and
a good drtrer. Address or call 122SB Hamp-
•SCre.st.. cpstairs.
ypt.iiBT.r nober German desires position;
aTS-around' kitchen general work; handy.
tisefui. obiigrng; vicinity city or country.
Box 2903. Call office.
O A KEENER, first -class in all branches; com-
1 c^sat ta take charse of cntieman's place;
1 first-class references. Bex 2853. Call office.
TOL'XO man wishes somerhinir to do before
sjid aft*r schod In exch«nt* for board o«
r>card and room. Box 1574. 100S Market st.
AN «xp»r!eno*d assayer wants position. Box
' rSlS/Call offlc*.
POSITION wanted as collector; can furnish
bonds, horse aad buggy. Box 3948. Call.
BaKER wtr.t> einele-hainl country job; c*n
. r "$ >.* some raall goods, too. Box 3929. Call.
AN "experienced accour.tar.t desires evening em-
ijlcTTsect. Address E. B.. box 3051. Call.
.'fOBER. reliable man wants situation as night
c'.exk'oT* watchman. Bex 304S. Call office.
A BOY" 14 years old wishes a steady job. 3136"
Tierce rt.
POSITION' to take charge of lnrtitutlcn laua-
<iry. H. J. W.. 314 Seventh st.
WANTED — Position a> salesman. Apply KOB-
_JRT CHRISTIE. 30 Post st.
' r*£«£lTIOX wanted as- Trrapper. Box 2SM,
Call office.
CHINESE oook wishes a situation In a private
C. YEW, S03 Clay st.
OH>.\'E5E would like a eituatlon as cock;
! rst ciaes; eood references. 776 Clay st.
*A # YOUNG Japanese college graduate wants
position as fcockkeeper or assistant work in
. firm; city or country; b«-t reference; salary
. e« object. CHERRY. 371 Bush st.
YOUNG Japanese wants position in store, hotel
• ¦r drug ttore; erteaks and writes good Eng-
hch. Arr'.y to LOUIS OGATA, Imperial Ho-
Uj. £Cn> Stockton «.
A JAPANESE well educated boy wants a. po-
Fltior! as waiter on table, either family or
boar<i:njr-acuse: has long experience; best of
references. G. P.. 711 Taylor St.
A .TAPANEi-E honest bey wants a position us
5 Voiboy in small family: Epeaks good
EncUth. WILLIAM K. AWO. 807 Polk St.
JAPANKSE honest cook, having best experi-
ence. desires position in family: has best ref-
erence; city or country. HONTO, 1329 Pin*.
JAPANESE, ten years' experience at hous«-
vork. wants a r>cs!tJon in a nice family.
__ J. X.. 1*25 Pacific ave; phone Larkin 34S.
JAPANESE henert <wk. having best experi- I
»ncf. -iesires position in family: has best ref-
city or country. HONTO. 1329 Pine.
JAPANESE young boy wants position as cook
• e^, housework. FRANK KUXISHIGE 313
SutVr et.
JAPANESE eourle want places: man as cock,
"¦5*J waiter and housework: have references.
« '- 06 S^-n Pablo ave., Oakland.
JAPANESE schoolboy war.ts position In small
family; referen-es. H. YAMAGUCHI. 1547
S-rrt: f -e St.. Berkeley.
fj&XtnSSa young boy desire* pcslUon as
• fh,.<:bc.v ; good family. T. I.. 539 Stevenson.
; JAPANESE wants pl\c* in family; $8 up a
V»k. HARRY. 2830 Baker et.
jJAPANBPE rood cook wants a poelticn.
; FRANK P.. 831 Sacramento et.
4- JAPANESE bey wants a portion as school- !
•• h'7 :r. tt» country. Apply 849 Bush St.. 8.F.
c '.'' * FLATS *O LET.
*AAtf— HOUSE REN-T^NcJ~DEPARTMENt!
A., af^lrsbl" vacant houses ar.d Cats are llst-
W in our free renting department: over 1000
la Euasbcr; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you * :i £t and help you to find a
.place; we never fail; sen-ice free
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
£ OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense liet:
*»rv!<-» absolutely free; take advantage of
'this department; it will eave you time and
trouble. Corde* Furniture Co., 245-258
Otarj- st . en the square.
NINETEENTH and Noe, N.W. corner; the
. warm belt cf the Mission; block: from Castro
pr Eirhteeath street cars — 8 lovely sunny
«rt*T and lower 4 and 5 room flats: every
m<--dern convenience; storerooms ready by
Aug. 15; rents from $S0 to $27 50; water free.
6-ROOM lower flat; Portola et., 25 fe*t north
Duboce i»ark; choice location and neighbor-
hood; eun ail day. Apply «3 Portcla St., eff
WaTler. between Steiner and Pierce.
MODERN flat 7 rooms, bath; rent $40. with
water. C25 Golden Gate ave., near Van Ness
, ave.
S'OE. IO5O, corner El!xal>eth — New 5-room flat;
modern improvements ; convenient to Twenty-
lourth and Castro street cars: rent reasonable.
N. LAKE ct.. bet. Sth and 6th aree.; Eddy^st.
electric line passes; very desirable new flats
for very moderate rents.
BVSH." 1200 — Flat 5 rooms, bath; boiler; rent
• -$2g. Apply 1207A Bush st.
CALIFORNIA. 1001— Three connecting rooms
• "a/.d bath; light housekeeping; ring elec. bell.
• HICKORY AVE., 34I~Five rooms and bath.
OAK. 320 — Five rooms and bath; large base-
ment.
'TWENTY-THIRD. SS53. cor. Guerr»TO— Seven
.rooms i.r.-i bath.
.DIAMOND, 12ft— Modern lower flat, & rooms
. and bath; rent $17 f.0.
NICE, sunny flit. 4 rooms and bath; rent $20.
IS01 Vallcjo et.. bet. Van Ness ave. and Polk.
¦ f^UNNT 2-room flat. bath. gas. 139 Nineteenth
ate.. Rjcfcraoad District.
• EDDY str-«-t — New corner house, 7 rooms;
only *32 SO. Ars'.y at 1218 Turk et.
FTLLMORE. 1128— Modern 7 "rooms : all larre
and light; comer; rent $40.
HAIGHT. 7£2 — New 7 ar.d 8 room flats; rent
•reasonable. Owner on premises.
1C2 and 1C34, between Twelfth
• and Tfcirteentb — Sunny 3 and 4 room flats.
LARGEST li*t r.t booses and fiats to Itt. Call
•tnLTON 6l HOAG. 118 Montgomery »t.
JCKW flats: S room*; reception hall; artistically
•decorated: $22 SO. B ct. aad 4th it.. nr.Park.
° PACIFIC ave.. 2405, near Fillmore— Lower
• '.flat, ii rooms; iud Jn every room; garden.
EITNNY «orupr upper flat, modern, 0 rooms.
bath, rard; $20. S.W. cor. Geary and Wood.
"CHEAPEST ond bert In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pa*:". e*nt to any address in the
'Ur.lffl Ftat>* nr Canada cne year for $1.
t2f?»— BARGAIN; furniture C-room fiat, com-
plete; central loratico; rent $30: or will rent
"furnlsbfd $50. «W5 6u««t it., 1 to 1 p. m.;
1 no as-iats.
FTTRN'ITURE o? «-roora flat for aale; flat to
Irt. Call between 2 and 5 p. m. at 1122
Golden- Gate ave.
— — : ;
FURNTFJTED C-room flat for sale; nicely fur-
nitfced; rent only $25. Box 1938. Call offl:«.
PURHTTU3E roa SALE. |
YOU can buy $75 worth cf furn:ture for *7 50
rlo-wii i'.:ti $1 .",0 per week. T. Brilliant'*
Furniture Co.. 340 Poit st.. near Powell.
Atioerscn Auction Hcuse 19 Turk, nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house ;'.ow pr'ces.
FOR sa> — Upright fcldlng-bed. with beveled
French piat<: «Iacs n.iricr. Hox l'.«7:). Call.
FURNITUKE. stoves, bought. sVid. exchanged.
Bargcr. 4S'J Valencia.nr.lt.tl:. Tel. Church .!S79.
r URNITURE J7 AgTED.
ABE LEVY.
fal»srocm. 11CL Market st. Tel. Jessie TCI.
Don't sell your furniture, carpet*, office »ur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAP. LEVY & CO.. pay bitbest price for fur-
citure. rarp^ts, eU. 7S2 Mission ;tel. Bush S13.
KELP JVANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED— Pastry cools, country $.":)
Cook, j-rivate family, no wath $'->0
I'ariur maid and waitress $3'>
3 stcoafl gtris $20. $25
1 head waitress. $35. country; 2 side wait-
resses $2o
German second girl. San Mateo ?2."i
Nurse fcr 2 children, city $35
Maid and seamstress $25
3 chambermalJs and waitresses, country
fcoteis. fare here , $25
Laundress for institution $20
Housework. Alameda 1 $30
S •waitresses, city hotels $25 and ?2H
General worker for laundry $S p«r week
2 chambermaids $15 and $20
Housework. Santa Rosa. $20; Petaluma. $20;
Aianieda, $30; Berkeley. $?.5, and all nearby
towns and city. $20, $25. $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT. 334 Sutter et.
MAN and wife as pastry cock and porter;
first-class hotel; country; ?£*>. Call to-day.
J. F. CRO6ETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
MAN and wife for cook and dishwasher; small
hotel; city; $50. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
fc CO.. 334 Eutter st.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
259 Turk st Te!. Jessie 122«.
Girl for general housework. Mill Valley: Ger-
man preferred: 525; three in family.
Girl, general housework, Berkeley, $20-$25.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT OFFICE,
259 Turk Et 259 Turk st.
FemaJe help of all nationalities furnished on
short notice.
Telephone Jestie 122f5.
A YOUNG woman for cooking and some house-
work; small family: $30.
A laundress and chambermaid, $30.
A first-claas laundress for private fami-
ly. $40.
A second Kirl fcr country, $25.
A parlor maid for city. $25.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. nr. Powell.
CASHIER, bookkeeper and stenographer, hotel,
$45 start: life position to reliable party.
£tenr>grapher. $35 to start.
Cloak saleslady; bring references.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.,
50v» Hearst bldr.
AT MR?. LAMBERTS. 41S Powell St.— Neat
help of all nationalities wanted to fill vari-
ous posiuons.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn Jiairdressing,
manicuring, etc.; trade taucht from A to Z
in 2 weeks: tuition $5 to those entering now:
i::r<-»- ;<reitions to fill immediately; positions
Euaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — GIRL3 to learn millinery now for fall sea-
eon; both seasons taught from start to finish
ir. one month fcr $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at *10 per wk. up-
day and ev»nInK class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5 2
I wks.; day, eve. class; positions secured; highest
wsgfs. Removed from 12:>6 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
A MATURE stenographer wanted; applicant
must be experienced in taking dictation and
in speed; salary 540. with suitable increase
after cne year if proving satisfactory: hours.
fc:3>> till 12 and 1 to 5:30: please give full
particulars about previous experience and
»tate age. Address A. SCHILLING & CO..
Folsom and Second sts.
WOMEN' and irirls to work on fruit: clean,
healthy place; positively higher wages paid
than at any ether cannery. Code-Portwood
Canning Co.. Tenth and Bryant sts.
', LADIES wanted every where copying letters at
home, e-ver.injrs or spare time, and return to
us: no mailing cr canvassing: $0 weekly
earned; materials free: inclose wlf -addressed
envelope for particulars. GUARANTEE CO.
No. W4. Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit;
highest wages paid for cannery work. PRE-
SIDIO CANNING CO.. 300 Broadway.
POSITION of tni!»t to be Immediately filled by
a woman over 25; trustworthy and compe-
tent. Box 39C3, Call office.
WANTED— Girl for first-class cooking and gen-
eral houwwork. Call 903 Broderick St., be-
tween 9 and 12 a. m.
YOUNG girls wanted to wind yarn. GA.VT-
NER & MATTERS' CO.. fcO7 Grove et.
WANTED— Girl for light housework; frord
home warranted. 1515 Grove et.. near Baker.
WANTED— Strong girl to help with work of
flat in exchange for nice home, good treat-
ment and $5 a month. Address box 2928,-
CbII office.
STEADY eirl for unstalrs work and sewing;
ref^rfnoes; wages $20. Call mornings at 1S00
Golrtrn Gate ave.
YOUNG girl wanted to learn bookbinding.
MYPELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
YOUNQ girl for general housework; small fam-
ily: good wages. SO Carl st.. near Cole.
FIRST-CLASS chocolate dipper. Apply 1152
Valencia it,
WAITRESS wanted at 1024 Hyd» it.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
ecirtg. ROGERSOX'S, 535 Valencia et.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP_WANTED— MALE.
FOREMAN for dairy,. $50 and found; gar-
dener. $35 and found; roustabout for laundry,
$S week: 2 blacksmiths and ehoers, $3 day;
farmer and wife. $50 and found; wood-
choppers. $1 50 and $2 cord: laborers. $2 25
day: farmer for Southern Callrornla. $30 and
found, ar.d others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
CIS Sacramento st.
COOK and wife. $80 to $90 and found: hotel
cook, country, $60 and found; cook and wife,
$50 end found; hotel Dorter and wife for
pastry cock, $M> and fin-nd; barkeeper. $.'$0
¦nd found; waiters, dishwashers and others.
I. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Eacramento st.
MAN and wife as pastry cook and porter;
first-class hotel: country: $80. Call to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. S34 Sutter et.
MAN and wife for cook and dishwasher; small
hotel: city; $.50. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. £34 Cutter st. '.
A- PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
Phone Main 1191. CHS Commercial et.
, NEVADA.
Teamsters, laborers and drillers, $2 50 to $3
day, see bees here; 10 laborers to build lc-g-
plng railroad, $60; 15 laborers to work in
yards. $2 day; 10 lumber pliers. $2 day; 2
log cutters. $2 75; 3 laborers, $2 25: edger-
icen. $00 and found; 6 woodchoppers. $1 75
cord, steady work: 3 laborers, placer mines,
$2 75 day: blacksmith's helper, $45 and fd.
STENOGRAPHER. $9 week-to start.
Salesman, toys and notions, this State.
Bushelman. kooj salary.
Presser on rjlts. $18.
Grocery clerk, out of city.
Bookkeepers, stenographers and clerks want-
ed and furnished.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
&09 Hearst building.
WANTED — Salesmen, solicitors, salary and
commission; store man; men for rnvate
r-lace: wsitera and others. SELECT EM-
PLOYMENT BUREAU. 1031 Market Bt.
Contractors snd employers of labor throughout
«he State to communicate with Independent
, Emplcyroent Agency. 612 Merchant st_. s. F.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 2C Montgomery st.. r.
12— Walters. $30; Houseman. $25; bellboy. $15.
AN experienced wrapper wanted by retail
clothing store; steady position; state age;
must have city references. Box 3971. Call.
WANTED — Two good all-around tinners ! PA
CIFIC STAMPING AND METAL WORKS
210 Davii et.
FIRST-CLASS job compositor for first-class
office EDWARD KNOWLES CO.. 24 Sec-
ond ft. .
CARPENTERS wanted— Two flm-class Job-
bers. J. ALEXANDER BOVYER, 1719 Sac-
ramento et.
CAFH boys wanted. Apply 8. N. WOOD &
CO. . '.^t
WANTED — A first-class barber tor Sacra-
rotnto. Apply at 11 Grant ave.
gELP WANTED— MALE— -Contlnnea.
AT HORD &"SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st.
k Man to wheel brick, country, $2 75.
Laborers for railroad, $2, free fare.
Carpenter, city, $3.
2 camp waiter*, $25 and fouad.
Tea solicitors. 50 per cent com., good thing.
Young man ta run night elevator, "city hotel,
$30 and room.
Carpenter's helper, city. $2.
Bench hand, cabinet maker, country, S3 50.
laborers. Monterey Co., $2 25, fare $3 05.
Men for plte line. Fresno Co., $2 25.
Nevada— Tearjeters and laborers, $2 50.
ADVERTISER wanted — Young man with
college education, who has taken a special
English course and is literarily inclined;
good opportunity for capable party; etate
age, experience if any. and salary expected.
Apply box 3059. Call office. •
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
thai Ed RolklTi. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hcuse.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED— Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical.
Plumbing- send for catalogue. Address 4973-9
Easton ave.. St. Louis. Mo.*
Xli experienced wrapper wanted by retail
clothing store; good salary and steady posi-
tion to right party. Box 3054, Call office.
TRY our men's' shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO pair; foot -form -shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st..Exam. bid.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop; $9 per
week guaranteed. 1545 Devisadero st. j
WANTED — Man to do Janitor work for his tul- j
tlon in S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard.
I WANTED— Boy to carry out bread and help on J
cakes. IQfiO Clay st.. corner ot Mason. |
BRICKLAYERS wanted to DOint terracotta.
Fairmont Hotel. >
A COOK, male or female. 701 Battery st.
INDUSTRIOUS German; tending bar; wine-
house; state references. Box 3930. Call.
WANTED— First-crass barkeeper; best refer-
ences. Apply Palace of Art. 16 Post st.
WANTED — Strong young man at coal yard.
2500 Clay st.
BARBER, with a few months' experience,
can buy or run a shop. Apply Call office.
MAN to take printing orders. Apply 619 FH-
bert st.
LABOR debts collected; eults. attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy..r. 415.
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ffclps. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls, r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A.- R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. «63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 5Oc £63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
SALESMEN.
WANTED — An experienced salesman to act as
manager for this city; some mechanical ex-
perience necessary in plumbing and heating;
bright future for right party. Address box
3970. Call office. •
SOLICITORS. ~'
WANTED— An experienced solicitor for • a
l^adtng business college; ! references ex-
changed. Address D. O WRIGHT, room
40H, Call building. San Francisco.
* . , , HORSES AND "WAGONS.
CHEAP — A carload gentl*.- broke work horses
from McCloud River- lumber camp at FRED
H. CHASE &-CO. > S.--1732 Market st_
A FINE, new; op-to-date rubber-tire 'victoria
for sale; never been used; it cost $1100; will
be sold for half the price. 1504 Folsom st.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surrej-6. buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom st. ' •
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra. Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 100 Stevenson, S.F.
MUST sell, bay mare, S years old. 1225. lbs.;
worth $125; will sell for $75. 1615 Eddy st.
A FINE horse for sale. Inquire at fniitstore,
corner Hyde and Jackson streets.
SWELL double team; solid rubber'-tlre buptry,
shafts, pole, harness; $1. 897 Bush, r. 801.
FINE lady's phaeton for sale cheap at 956
Harrison St.. near Sixth.
WANTED — To buy a good sound horse, broken
to drive or ride. Address box 22S2, . Call.
FINE new business buggy, also second-band
buggies cheap. 623 Fulton st. ¦
NEW and second-hand wagons, buceles, sur-
reys, cheap at 100 Golden Gate ave.
FOUR fine surreys for sale cheap; some busi-
ness buggies. 1503 Folsom st.
WAGONETTES, eurreys. buggies, wagons. har->
ness, work and driving horses. 15th -Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let;send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
HOUSE of II rooms and bath] 206 San Jose
ave., near 27th.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE. "NOB HILL,"
FURNISHED.
To let for one year; owner to room and board
with family. Apply at 819 California st.. or
room 24, 405 Montgomery st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 309— 8-room private
rooming-house; completely furnished; call
from 10 to 5.
POBJALE,
A HOUSE of 36 rooms; nicely furn.; rent $S0;
water free; lease; no agent. 407 O'Farrell.
STOCK now on sale for the erection of the
Pythian Castle on Golden Gate ave. I enn
show a 10 per cent dividend buyer. Par
value of stock. $1 In blocks of 5 shares and
up. A. D. RENFRO, 21S Crossley building.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.; tel.Park 775.
LOST AND FOUND.
FOUND — The next thre» months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
on*-thlrd the resular- prices; under contract
and must sell: 2 -stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Butter. SHIBJELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST— Sunday night, lady's double-case gold
watch; Initials inside. M. J. S. Liberal re-
ward if returned to W. H. SCHAD, 3 Hardy
place.
LEFT In Market-street car Sunday afternoon,
package containing ore samples and badge;
reward. Box ,3925. Call office.
LOST— Monday night, brooch, gold leaves and
pearls. Suitable reward, 701 Call building.
LAUNCHES POR HIRE.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaelts Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
ing & excursions.^ Steuart st. ;tel. John 2086.
| MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
' are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES— If you are In -trouble, confide in me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. -Confidential. Cst. 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON.'otflc? 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specJallstTfor all fe^
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SV4 Market st. r opp. 6tb.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St., be-
twecn Geary and O'Farrell.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — ContinPea.
A FEW exceptional bargains: en uf-rlz^*":
Heine grand. $475: Gab!er. $350; Krell. $375-
Heine $235: Steinway. (325; Mason & Ham-
lin. $285: Knabe. $160: Fischer,- $115: Behr
Bros.. $1S7: Crown. $140: Klmball. $65; Em-
erson, $125; Occidental. $40; Conrard, $aT;
Collard $55; investigate our new rent and
purchase' system: $2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; Oakland.
1252 Broadway^
$60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister st
SCHMER. Byron Mauiy pianos. Cecelian piana
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Post st. ,
NEW upright pianos told en $5 monthly pay- '
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st. '
3-PEDAL Stelaway up;Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
KATTESSSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order-.renovated. disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
PROS.. U32-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
A — SMALL, office and desk room in light,
pleasant office. 30 Geary st.
GROCERY, Tw»ntj -third and Guerrero sts.;
3 rooms and fixtures; large basement.
FINE office, also desk room; reasonable. 80
Geary st.
PERSONALS.
LADIES don't wear those horrid ugly wrinkles
under our new scientific treatment; we re-
move them and glv« you back the skin and
complexion of youth, leaving not a scar or
mark or blemish on the face: the many
years of practice at home and abroad in this
particular line of work makes us experts; all
wrinkles, etc., permanently removed; lost
contour restored; smallpox pittlngs removed;
consultation confidential. MME. GILLING-
HAM. 131 Powell st.. near Ellis.
' SHOULD this come under the eye of JAMES
H. O'MEARA or any of his acquaintances
will confer a favor on his widowed mother
by addressing MRS. M. McEVOY. "v^cat-
chte. Chelan County. Washington.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves It3 growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no ttaln or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
ccpt no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1333 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europ«. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portiere; dealer In
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st., Oakland.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market St.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1S10 gutter St.
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants. $13.
LEON LEMOS, 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La VerltThair-
drecslng parlors) to 645. Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
$250. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 5a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been,
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PAUCSTBT.
INITIAL APPEARANCE.
OSIRINI. OCCULT PALMIST.
From the pyramids. 371 Geary.
Mr«.Whitney,ralmlst;heurs 10 to 12.2 to e.Sun.;
Thur. eve. readings: admission 15c. 711 Polk.
PABTNEB.S WANTED.
CAPITALIST of commercial spirit to push
sales estab. proprietary article. 3058. Call.
Vj PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market st.
t£ PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, — Office and residence.
1021 Market st.. bet. €th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market st.
REMOVED— DRl WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human />ody: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary at., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell st., tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
PROPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. Office of In-
dian Affairs. Washington. I?. C, July 13.
1904. — Notice Is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of unleased segregated coal and
asphalt lands and unleased segregated coal
and asphalt deposits will be opened by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs at his office,
in Washlngton.Vat dates as follows: For the
purchase of tracts within the McAIester Dis-
trict (No. 1), at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern
time), Monday. October 3, 1904; for tracts
in the Wilburton-Stigler District (No. 2), at
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time). Monday, De-
cember 5. 1904: for tracts in the Howe-Po-
teau District (No. 3). at 2 o'clock p. m.
< Eastern time), Monday, February 6, 19C5;
for tracts in the McCurtain-Massey District
(No. 4), at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time).
Monday, April 3 1005; for tracts in the Le-
high-Ardmore District (No. 5), at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time), Monday. June 5. IOCS:
and for tracts In District No. 6 (unleased
negregated asphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
. (Eastern time). Monday. August 7. 1905.
Circulars descriptive of the lands and deposits
to be sold and copies of the regulations of
June 17, 1004. governing the aale of the un-
leanet' segregated coal and asphalt lands and
unleased segregated ccal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to this
office or the United States Indian Agent,
Union Agency, Muskogee, Indian Territory.
Bids must be on the prescribed form, which
will be found in the regulations. A certified
check or draft for twenty per cent of th«
amount of the bid must accompany the bid.
The lands will be sold for cash, and success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs the full
amount of their respective bids within fifteen
days after receipt by them ot notice of the
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
der fails to comply with the terms of hts bid
within the time specified the check deposited
by him as an evidence of good faith will b«
forfeited to tha use of the Choctaw and
Chlckaeaw nations. The right to reject any
or all bids Is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
will contain a clause "subject, however, to
existing rights of way for railroads." A. C.
TONNER. Acting Commissioner. Depart-
ment of the Interior, Washington, D. C.
July 13, 1004. Approved. THOMAS RYAN.
Acting Secretary. '
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2 o'clock p. m.. Monday.
September 12. 1004, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at the
office of said board in the city of Phoenix,
Arizona, for the sale of ten bonds of the ,
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 • to 20, Inclusive, bearing date
. of January 1. 1904, due and payable Jan-
uary 1. 1954, bearing Interest at the rate of
5 per cent (5%) per annum, optional after I
twenty-five years, issued by the Territory
of Arizona, In accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act has been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the second Issue ot the loan authorized
by said act. Interest on said bonds will
be paid semi-annually on the first day of
January and July of each year, and both
principal and interest payable in gold coin
• of the United States at the office of the
Treasurer of said Territory. A certified
check of a responsible bank for 5 per cent
of the amount bid. payable to the order of
E. E. Klrkland. Territorial Treasurer, and
- a copy of this advertisement must accom-
Dany each bid. Failure of bidder to make
payment in full upon allotment and tender
of bonds will be considered a cancellation
of the bid and the forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
" must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bonds." GEORGE E. TBUMAN, Secretary,
lilEC TO WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDRY'S CALLCity and County of San Francisco to Her
man M. Hagemann.\lot on S line of Pine street
115:5 W of Polk, W 25 by S 120; $ .
Thomas H. or Thomas, John . L. "or John
Callahan et al. to Mary S. Callalian. lot on
\\ line of LaRuna street, 110 S of Fell. S 27-6
by W 85: 510. .
Lena Merx to P.lchard O. Bliss lot on W
L ln ' w f telne r street. 82:6 S of Hayes, S 27:6
Estate o'f Hannah Murphy, by Sadoc F.
\\elch. executor, to Mary^Burke, lot on N line
fJ- 1 ? 8 ,.^* 1 ' no E ot L y° n . E 27:6 by n
1). :0; 5irf)00. : •
William H. Goddard Jr. to Adelaide E. God-
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cal G&ECor. 47 — N S R R Co. 9^ — I
C Jockey a. — 120 N Cal P Oo. 9% 9%
Cal Powder.. — 160 Oak Bk Sav,120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.118 _ 1 IOOF Hall A' 8 —
Cen Bk. Oak — 68 Orpheum Co.. — 15&
Chutes Co .. — T PacC Cas Co.lSO —
City & C Bk — 120 Pac S Tel Co.101%103
Cyp L Imp.. — 1 pao Sur Co. 100 —
East Dynm..23O — Paraf Paint.. 88 —
DpntPwd pfd — 85 S F Drydock 60 —
Do com .. — CO 8F&SJ Coal. — 25
FN Bk. Oak.120 — 8 J Wat Co. — 109
Fischer Thtr 60o — SO * MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 110 Swlss-A Bk..ll5 —
Gas Con A- v- 20^6 Truck Eleot.. 11 —
Ilono P Co.. 22tf 26 UR InC pfd. 4S% —
Lon& SF Bk — 60 Do com ... 11% —
SALES.
Morning Session.
$4,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 84 DO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Pacific States Tel & T«l Co.. 102 00
$3,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 84 60
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 44 4Q
Associated Trust Cert. 10 20
California Standard 15
Caribou 4 00 ¦ ....
Chicago Crude "26
Claremont 90
Fulton 1 25 ....
Hanford 16100 171 OO
Home 130 ....
Imperial 18 00
Independence 26 27
Kern (old) 6 00 ....
Kern River 11 50 ....'
Monte Cristo 65 66 4
Occidental of W. Va 00 ...V
Oil City Petroleum 60
Reed Crude 1 50
S. F. & HcKlttrlck 8 00
Sovereign 80 ....
Superior 04 ....
Thirty-Three 8 25
West Shore 2 25 . 2 45
Kern Oil (new) 30
Horn ins: Session.
20 Kern River 12 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were th« sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 .Alpha 10 1000 Kentuck 01
ICO Belcher 13 100 Mexican 80
500 Bullion 26 100 Ophlr 2 40;
100 Exchequer ... 62 1200 Overman ' CS J
200 Gould & Cur. 18 MO Savage 23;
100 Julia 12 500 Seg Belcher... 01
Afternoon Sjsslon. j
800 Alpha 13 100 Julia 12
100 Bullion 27 100 Overman ..... 07
-^1CO Exchequer ... tiO 100 Sierra Nev.... 21
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on tho Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 101 100 Exchequer ... 62
100 Alpha Ill 100 Mexican 81
200 Alpha 12 100 Ophlr_ 2 37^4
100 Bullion 25 -200 Overman 09
200 Bullion 28 100 Potosl 15
100 Bullion 27 200 Savage 22
100 Con Cal & V.I 15 200 Savage 21
2.'5OO Crown Point.. 11 200 Savage 23
500 Exchequer ... 55| 200 Yellow Jacket. 16
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia 88! 400 Potosl 14
100 Chollar 13|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANOB.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Goldfleld Nev 9551300 Red Top 11
100W Goldfleld Ton. 11 ."00 Red Top 12
1000 MacNamara .- 38 5000 Rescue 10
200 MacNamara . 36] 400 Ton Belmont.. 69
500 MacNamara . 37i 200 Ton Belmont.. 70
700 Mont Ton ..2 401 200 Ton Gold Mt. 21
600 Mont Ton . .2 50| 100 Ton of Nev.. 8 00
500 N Y Ton ... 01!
Afternoon Session.
1000 Brunswick .. 171 900 Mont Ton ...2 40
3000 Goldfleld BAB 1«! 300 Mont Ton ...2 50'
300 Goldfield Nev 94', 1500 Ray & O'Brien 09'
50i) Goldfield Ton. ll|/>000 Red Top 10!
3400 MacNamara . 38j 200 Ton Belmont.. 68 \
2000 MacNaraara . 371 100 Ton Belmont.. fiif
1100 MacNamara . ;i9|1000 Ton Gold Mt.. 20
9C0 MacNamara . 40|1000 Ton Gold Mt.. 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Aug. 10—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.j Bid Ask.
Alpha 11 13 Justice 07 OS
Alta 05 07|Kentuck 01 02
Andes 17 19 K Graessler.. — 120;
Belcher 13 15 Lady Wash .. — 06 ;
Best & Belch. 66 70 Mexican SI 8^1
Bullion 2(5 27IOcc!Uental SO 85
Caledonia.... 37 40| Ophlr 2 35 2 40
Challenge ... 17 191 Overman 07 08 '
Chollar 13 14|Fotosi 14 15
Confidence ... f!5 70|Hcorplon OS' on I
Con Cal & V.I 10 1 I5i Savage- 22 23
Con Imperial. 01 021 Seg Belcher... 03 01
Con NY 01 te Sierra Nrv 21 22
Crown Point.. 10 12lsilvrr Hill. ... . 62 6 J I
E Slorra Nev. 03 06! St Louis .... 07 30 •
Eureka Con.. — 50|Pyndlcate .... — 05 !
Exchequer ... 50 rojtlnlon Con.... 22 «>M
Gould & Cur. IS 19|TTtah OS 00
Hale & Norc. ns 70j Yellow Jacket. 15 If!
Julia 11 12!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Adams 08 10 Ray Exten .. — OS
Colehan — 05 Uay A O*Brlen 00 10
Esperanza ... 01 C3 Red Top . 10
Oolfl Anchor. — 28 Rescue 10
Goldfield Nev 93 05 Ton Belmont.. 68 ro
Gldfld Mohwk — 35 Ton & Cal... — *> t
Goldfield Ton. 11 — Ton Exten .. f>7 1 10
Gold Mt Con. 01 02 Ton Fraction.. 25
Jim Butler . . (10 SO Ton '& Gt W. (T> 07
Little Ton.. — 60 Ton Gold Mt. '20 21
Lucky Tom.. — 05 Ton Midway.. 47 49-
MacNamara . 30 41 Ton of Nev. .7 75 8 00
Mlzpah Exten 20 — Ton N Star... 23 -_
Mont Ton ...2 4ft — Ton & 8 Lake-' B0 —
r» Y Ton .... 0.T 04 United Ton 1 ..07 09
Paymaster ..03 — West End ... .' 21 I
Qulnc y " - ~i
Truth Is all right in its way, but flat
tery is often more satisfactory.
Hobart Estate Company (owners) ••ith Otis
Elevator Company (contractors), architects H.
H. Meyers and C. R. Ward — Two passenger
elevators and one freight elevator for building
on S line of Post atreet, 70 E of Stockton. E
C7:6, S to Morton street. W 67:6, N to Post
street: $7705."
Anna S. and Louis H. Puckhaber (owners)
with Henry A. Farry (contractor and archi
tect) — All' work for a two-story frame -building
on 8 line of Eighteenth street. 7S3 W of
Douglass, W 25 by. S 121; $3S00.
San Francisco Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren (owners) with Richard Keatinge (contract
or), architects Meyer. & O'Brien — Excavations
and concrete foundations for a two-story, base
ment and attic structure on \ NW corner of
Fourteenth avenue and Lake street, W 225, N
102:0 NE 257.50. S 277:7 1-5; $l«n3. .
Louis K. Hagenkamp (owner) with B. C.
Allyn ¦ (contractor) architect A. C. Lutgens —
All work for a three-story and basement frame
building (fiats) on NE corner of Church and
Fifteenth streets, N 35 by E 75; $10,607.
Henry Hilp (owner) with J. F. Fernhoff
(contractor) architect— Fitting of store
In building on N corner of Third and Jessie
streets; $2065.
ARRIVED.
- Wednesday. August 10.
Btmr Maggl*. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Strar Leelanaw, Monroe, 40 noum from San
Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Auk 10— Stmr Santa
Monica, for San Pedro.
OCBAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Prlni
Adelbert, from Genoa and Naples; ttmr Nord
America, from Genoa,
Sailed Auk 10 — Stmr Sardegna, for Naples
and Genoa; atmr Baltic, for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Balled Aug 10— Stmr
Kronprlnz Wllhelm. for New York, via Cher
bourg.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Bremen,
from New York, for Cherbourg and Bremen,
and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Aur 10— Stmr
Ivemla. from Boston, for Liverpool.
SaJled Aug 10— Stmr Auranla, for N«w York.
SYDNEY, N S W— Sailed Aug 8— Stmr Bl«r
ra, for San Francisco.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr An
choria. from New York. ¦
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 10 — Stmr T«u
tonic, for New York.
dard, lot on E line of First avenue, 75. 48 N of
Golden Gate avenue, N 50.32 by E 100; gift.
Rountree Home Building Company to Mat
thew A. Little, lot on W line of Shrader street.
175 S of Carl, S 23 b%.\V 100; $10.
Hlbernla Savings andlLoan Society to Jacob
Weissbein, lot on N line of Twenty-flrst street,
175 E of Castro, E 25 by N 114; $10.
Mary Sullivan (widow) to Thomas F. Sul
livan (single), lot on W line of Alabama street,
210 S of Twenty-fifth. S 25 by W 100; gift.
Amanda C. Katnps to Edward A. Kamps, lot
on E line of Castro street, 39 N of Clipper, N
75 by E SO; also lot on W line of Castro street,
60 S of Jersey. S 64 by W 80; »10.
Elizabeth M. Straud to Merchants Ice and
Cold Storage Company, lot on, NE corner of
Greenwich and Montgomery streets, E 44 by N
«!); J3500.
Daniel E. and Nettie S. Easterbrook to
Julius Gall and Max Goldberg, lot on W line
of Dupont street, 91:0 S of Clay, S 46 by W
110; $10.
Theodor D. and Annie Herxog to Josephine
Cockrill. lot on N line of Clay street, 124:6 E
of Powell. E 13, N 137:6, W 60, B 47:6, E 26.
S 12, E 10:10, SE 8:7. S 75:5. and all Interest
in 50 vara lot 120; $10.
John Fltz Gibbon to Mary F. Gibbon, lot on
S line of Pine street, 111:6 E of Taylor. E 26
by S 1:57 :ti; Kltt.
Mary F. Gibbon to H. W. Hutton, same; $10.
Anastasla Cahill to Kate Dwan and Mary
Hanrahan. lot on SE line of Tehama street,
330 RW of Fourth. SW 50 by SE SO; gift.
Selby Smeltlnp and Lead Company to Sarah
E. Hlakey, claims first party Is owner of lot
on SE corner of Howard and First streets and
extending S of SO and disclaiming title to land
on E line of First, situated S of SO-foot line,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Frank and Margaret McGovern to Paoll Rus
tic! and Olari Secondo, lot on N'E line of
Boardman place, 75 SE of Bryant street, SE
25 by NE &S:6; $10.
Harry C. Somers to Frank A. Somers, undi
vided fourth of lot on S corner of Sixth and
Irwln streets. SE 240 by SW 275; $10.
Henry. and Mary Johnson to August K. and
Alma Hcrmnnson, let on E line of Rhode Island
street. 150 S of Twenty-third, S 25 by E 100:
$10.
Estate of Jaraea GiUeece (by Jamea Custlck.
executor) to Peter Curry, lot on E line of
Twelfth avenue. 150 N of California, street, N
25 by E 120; $S30. N
Peter and Annie Curry to Winifred Kenne
dy, came; $10.
Baptist Barsottl to Julius Toudy, lot on "W
line of Second avenue. 250 S of Clement street.
S SS by W 120; $10.
Anglo-CaHfornlan Bank to Joseph Seidl, lot
on "VV line of Fifteenth avenue. 125 N of
Point Lobes. N 25 by W 120; also lot on SW
corner of Clement street and Tenth avenue.
S 50 by W 120: $10.
Estate of EuiifPe L.' Hoffman (by Samantha
McKinnon, executrix) to W. H. Welch, lot on
E line of Twelfth avenue,' 250 N of A street,
N 25 by E 120; $700.
Bay District I^and Company to Charles Lem
berg, lot on W line of Third avenue, 225 N of
A street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Estate. of Emily E. Barstow' (by George P.
Thurston and Warran Olney, executors) to
Samuel A. Wood Jr., lot on NW. corner of
Twentieth avenue and C street, "W 33:4 by N
KM-. $475.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to J. B. and
Georglana Bocarde. lot on NE corner of Third
avenue and C street. N 25 by 13 05; $10.
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to James Foley,
lot on N line of Fulton street. 120 W~of*Wxth
avenue, W 27:6 1-5, N 100:6ft, E 27:6. S
87:8>i; $10.
Sophie B. Koblcke to Margaret A. Madden,
lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue, 75 N of
I street, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Same to Helena L. Madden, lot on W Una
of Nineteenth avenu.e, 60 N ojt I street, N 25
by W 100; $10.
Albert Meyer to eame, lot on NW corner of
Nineteenth avenue and 1 street, N 50 by W
ICO; $10.
Cornelius and Ellen Egan to Charles B.
Johnson, lot on E line of N,lnth avenue, 200 N
of K street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Wlchman, Lutgcn & Co. to Mary A. Mc-
Comb, lot on N line of Falrmount street, 142
E of Palmer, E 25 by N 125. lot 9, block 10,
Fnirmount, quitclaim deed; $10.
Mary A. McComb to Olivia Selller, same;
$10.
Aaron and nabette pahn to John Turner
and Owen Evans, lot on S line of Falrmount
Ftreet. 1C5:O E of Palmer. E 25 by S 126. block
15, Fairmount; 510.
Lovell and Laura L. White to N. F. Patter
eon, lot on SW corner of Bay View and Latona.
streets, S 50 by W 100, lots 1 to 4, block B,
Sliver Terrace; $10.
Julius C. Ueis to F. J. Clark, lot 22. block 3.
Rels Tract; grant.
Edward and Hannah Heringhl to Mathllde
Esperance. lot on SW linn of Eighth avenue,
275 SE of P street, SE 50 by SW 100. block
1C7, O'Nell and Healy Tract; $10.
¦ Peter and Hannah Tamony to Sllven and Eu
genie Jalbert. lot en NE line of Laldley street.
475 SE of Harper, SE 25 by NE 100, lot 20,
block 20, Fairmount: $10.
Clifford S. and Maggie Allred to S. Ducas
Company (a corporation), lot on NE line \ of
Twanty-seventh. avenue. 50 NW *of. P street,
NW 5x> by NE 100. block 409, Haley Purchase;
$10.
Builders' Contracts.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SEATTLE, Aug. 10.— The hull of the
Nome steamship Discovery is lying on
the Inner side of Middleton Island, near
Valde*. Advices to that effect were re
ceived in Seattle to-day.
On a recent cruise in northern waters
the steam tender Pacific of the Alaska
Packers' Association cruised close to
Middleton Island and there saw the hull
of the Discovery. The officers reported
at Valdez that the hull is high above
the ordinary water line and was no
doubt landed there in a heavy storm.
When the steamship Discovery went
down between "twenty-five and forty
persons met death, the exact number
aboard the vessel at the time not be
ing known by the local representatives
of the company. The vessel made her
last call at Takutat, en route from
Nome, about the middle of November,
1903.
The board of engineers held a brief
meeting in the Flood building yester
day morning. C. W. Clarke, who owns
sixteen ranches on the Sacramento
River; A. S. Peiley. who owns a por
tion of Sherman Island, and H. Park,
a rancher of Tulare, gave a concise
history of the damage that has been
done by floods within the time of their
memory. They had no suggestions to
offer as to a remedy, being confident
that the engineers appointed for that
purpose were better fitted to cope with
the difficulty than they.
The board will hold meetings each
morning at 10 o'clock until they leave
on their tour. These meetings will be
informal, however, It being the opinion
of the board that It is best to avoid a
general discussion of the condition un
til after the ground has been gone
over.
BOARD HOLDS MEETING.
Saturday. August 20— Leave Antioch by
steamer 8 a. m.; arrive at Stockton by steamer
In the evening.
Thursday. Auaust IS — Leave Marysvlllo by
conveyances S a. m. ; arrive at Marcuse 12 m. ;
leave Marcuse by Southern Pacific train 2:46
p. m.: arrive Sacramento 5:03 p. m.
Friday, August 19— Leave Sacramento by
steamer, touching Rio Vista and river points.
S a. m.; arrive at Antloch by steamer In the
evening. /
Tuesday. August 16— Leave Colusa, time will
be announced Monday evening; arrlv* at Chlco
Landing Tuesday evening; conveyances will b«
on hand, to take the party to Chlco.
Wednesday. August 17— Leave Chieo on
Southern Pacific train «:27 a. m.; arrive
at Marysville S a. m. ; drive from Marysvtlle to
Deguerre Point; return to Marysville in the
evening.
This circular. Including Invitation to
Join tho excursion, was sent not only
to those mentioned therein, but to
many of the prominent citizens of the
State who are interested in the recla
mation of the inundated lands. An
swers to the Invitation are expected
not later than Saturday, that accom
modations may be provided on the
boat that will carry the party through
the flooded districts.
The following itinerary has been
agreed upon:
Monday, Au«ust 15— Lear* Sacramento, foot
of J« street. Sacramento Transportation Com
pany steamer. 6:00 a. m.: arrive at Colusa
same evening.
MANY ARE INVITED.
The members of the commission of engineers
appointed pursuant to a resolution adopted at
the rivor convention held in May last have ar
rived in San Francisco and established head
quarters in the Flood building.
The members of the commission desirs to
view the physical conditions of tho Sacra
mento and the San Joaquin at as early a date
as possible and in accordance with their
wishes the executive committee has arranged
for a trip to b«sln Monday morning, August
13. as per itinerary inclosed.
• Invitations to Join the party on the trip are
being extended to the Governor of the State,
the Lieutenant Governor, the general commit
tee of "twenty-five appointed at the recent
river .convention, the members of the executive
committee, the California Consreesional dele
gation and the press.
The expense of the trip will b« borno In
dividually. It will not. however, ba great,
as the accommodations by steamer are com
plimentary through the courtesy of th-a steam
boat companies, so that the only expense will
be hotels and such railroad transportation as
ofay be necessary.
Before sitting down to devise Its plan
to control the flood waters of the Sac
ramento and San Joaquin rirers, the
board of engineers now In session here
will first view the inundated districts,
that it may proceed with Its labors in
telligently. In accordance with the de
sire of the board, expressed in a reso
lution adopted on Tuesday and report
ed in yesterday's C%11, Rufus P. Jen
nings, president of the River Improve
ment and Drainage Association, Issued
the following circular yesterday:
Mystery of the Vessel, With
Load .of Human Freight,
Is at Last Cleared Away
Government and State Of
ficials and Others Interest
ed Requested to Attend
ASHORE ON AN- ISLAND
INVITATIONS FOR MANY
Remains of the Steamship
Lost a Year Ago Sighted
by Alaska Packers' Tender
Biver Improvement , and
Drainage Association An
nounces Itinerary for Tour
FIND THE HULL
OF DISCOVERY
ARRANGES TRIP
FOR ENGINEERS
¦ t ¦ • ¦ • ¦ . •¦ •
&THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, .AUGUST -11,, 1904.
Continued From Pago Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
12
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EliBALHERS,
S3U9-2341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth,
tan Francisco ¦ » .
y^"\ ft*5>v Trains leave and are da*
(wu||Smsan franqisco.
»^>^ (Toot of Market Street )
> F ' T « - MAIN LINE. -*'^tT
7-OOa Vnearlifn. Winter*. Kumi-sy 7 5(la
7-COa Beslels, Klm!r* aad Svramatuo . 7.?c»
/¦SOAValleJa. N»pv CalUtoca. Saata
_,_ B«j««. Manlnex. b»o Uamoa §2C»
7 -30* N !»«•». Tracy. L*Utrop. Atoekron.... 7. 23^
RXOA Sbmita Kxprr&a— (VU DarU).
William* (for ilnrtt-tt Spring* >.
Willow*. tKruio. Ked Bluff.
Portland. Taccma. Seattle 7.30*
1.00a DftTU.Wootllnnd. Knlzhu Limiting.
M»ry»vllle. Chlco. Orovllle 7-50*
8-3CA Port Ccxta. Martlnex. Aotloctv
B»roa. Tr*cv. Stockton, Scw-
au, Lo* Unau*. Mendolt,
Annoas. Kaoford. Vital It.
Portrrrine 4JZ9»
I-5C* Port Cotta, Modesto. Merced.
Freino, (iotneu Jnnctloo, Hia-
ford, Vla«!la. Bskenneld 4 53»
t-SCA Ullet, San Jo«e. Llvennore. Stock-
ton. (tMt'toa). Iobc. Sacramento.
If arysTltle. Cnlco. Ked BiafT .... 4.T0»
1.50a Oakdale. Cta1ae»e. Jametta-vn. So-
norm. Taoiutnn* an<) AaftsU 4.?0»
8 00a At!*nt!e Kxj<re»*— Ogilen R««r. 5 23>>
8 30a K!ci»:noni!. MarttDct ami w»y
Stations 6 S3?
1C CtU The Orerland l.lnilteu — «'cl»n.
Omaha. Chicago, uniier, Kid-m
CHt. Si. Louis 8 20»»
IO.CCa Vallejo 1Z2O^
1U-0GA Los AociH Pa**eager — Port
Costa. M»rt!a«. Byron, Tracy,
Latlirop. Stocttoa. Merced,
Uaymoo'l. Premo, Gud^co Jam-.-
tiea, Ilae'ord, Lemoore, VW1.U.
Bakersflelh, Lo* Aozele* 7 20*
if.CCsd Hayward. Nile* and T7*y Station*. 3 2'j»
15 fiQp (iacramento Ulver Steamer* M 1 GO
5-JCP B-ntcla. Wloters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Wlllova. KnltriH
Luadlnif, Marysvllle, Crovllle
•nd way «tattoas 10 5C«
J.5CP n*y wnrrt. Kt!e« and Way itatlom.. 7 0O1*
4 CCp Uarttnez.SanKitmon.Vallejo.Kapa,
Call«toca. ftactaRiwa. B 20a
4 OOP «nie*. Tracr. Stockton. I,<vtl 420i>
4 ZCp UiywArd. Nile*, lrvlniitua, 8ut t8.5OA
Joee. LlTeraiore ) til.BOA
S-OCPTne Owl Limited— ;:«wm-»o. Lo*
lisnoa. Mendoia. Fre*nt>. Tularo,
Bakeri0e!d.LosABf9lea S.70A
to 30p Bayvard. Nltei and Sun Jota .»... 723a
«.C0p Hayward. Nile* aad San Joaa 9 50*
6 OCp Ba«tarn Expref*— Of tlea. Oiaatia,
Chtcaso. Dearer, Kiuui Clir,
5i. lA>al». TlaMartloez. Storttoa.
Bnerameato. Cotfaz. [:«no 12.80* -
• .OOp Vallejo, (tally, except danOay.... I T cn »
7 -COw TaileJ*. auoday only f *•***
7.CCP U'cbmond. San Pablo. Port Cotta,
Martlne* and W»y SUUoaa 11.23a
'¦CuPKeno Pas«enjer— Port Costa, 8al>
¦an, Kim.'ra. Oariii. Sacraoieato,
Troekee, Lake Taaoe. Reao,
1 Toaoeah. Bpark* 7-Ma
I 05p Ton Coala, Marwn»)t. Byroa.
Tracy, I-athrop. M o d e • t o.
• Merced, Bereada. Prerno aad
Way Stations beyond Port Cotta 12-20*
8 C3> Tosemlte Valley, t!i Bereada ana
Wawona ». .. 8 60 »
• eCpM»n!aer. Tr»ey. Storkioa 10 JO a
t-OoP Oretroa * California Expreas— 6a»
rareeato. Waryt*!lle. Bedding,
PorlUnd. Pugej ftoend tad Km. 5 -Ma
I.IOp Bayward. Mile* and Saa Jusa (rtaa-
dayoaly) 11S0»
COAST LINE (."arrow «.«<*>.
(Ifoot of Mitrtiet Street.)
745a Santa Crax BxeortioaOaaday only) 8.109
S-16A Newark. Ceat»r»ll>. San Jo«e,
reltoa. Boulder Creek. Bljr Basis.
Saata Crux aad W*y 3utloa*... tu*
tl-ISA AlT*r»do. Newark, Saa Jose. Lo*
Gatoe.Glenwood. Felton. Bonlder
Creek. B!< Pa*[n. Saata Crax... «15»
12A5P Se;*arS. CenterTllle. a «a Jota.
K«w Alinadfn.Lo* Gato«.Fe:toa.
lionlder Creek. Santa Cras aad
Principal Way 8 1* tlon t 10-SS*,
4.1Bp Mewsrk. Saa Jo*e. Lo* Gato* tS-B&A
4.16P WnjU:. Boa!der Creek and £%nta
Crux. BaturdnT and Suortity oaly. >8SaA
COAST LINE (Broad H»» t »K
UT ( t'nlril »a.l l'<nrn«fBtl 3tr?ft».)
6.10a San Jose and Way Station* 6~30>
17 00a !»:i Jo»e and Way Sfatlcni 6 43p
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Kxcar*
•Ion (Sanrlay only) 13.30*
SOOa Sew Alinaden (Tue*., Frtd.. only), 410>
OOATbe Coaster— Sao .love. SiMaa*.
Saa Ardo. Pa«o R->«>li-a. 6«-r>ta
Margarita. 6an Isj!" (^bltpo.Banta
Barbara. San Bnenarentcra.
>(97i:.<i1to, Oxcard, Unrt>ank, Lot
Aaeeles 13 45»
t-OOA Gtlroy. llolllnter. C»»tr»»Ti;ie. Del
M rale, Paclflc. Grove. Surf. Lom-
poc 1343*
8.00a Ban Jo*e. Tr** Plno».Wat«onTl?l«.
Capltola, Santa Cm:, l'wlfla
Grove. Saltna* !.¦'• Obtapo
and PrlBctt>«i 'Way Sc.itloa*. ... 4.10»
10.50a Ban Jota and Way Swilont 1 2D»
II 30a Santa Clara, Hia Jote. Lea Gittot
ami Way Station* 7.38»
1-30p San Jo*e and Way Station* 8 3a*
fJlitpD"! Monte Kxpres* (except «an-
d»y) — .Santa Clara. San Ji>»e,
I Wattoavitir. .«»a:« Cruz. De]
1 » Moole, MontereT. i'aclflc On»ve. t12-tSP
i S-3CpBur rneitni-. San .»o-'. Grimy, nol-
litter, Trcs Ploos.l'aJaro.T.'a^oo-
tillr, Capltola. Santa Crax. Cat-
trr»T!;ir, Sa!lnaa, Par Idr Grore... 10 45a
4 30p "*a .lone aad W«r fuiloni t3 0Oa
tBOOPSanla Clara. San .Ti..r, Ln* iiato*.
tVrtgbt and rrlnnipal Way Sia-
tluna (except Stiniay) *3 00a
15 Z0p ftanJoteantlPrlnclralWayStatfon* (3.4A*
6 45p SouMt ELxpraa*. — i:»dwood. Saa
Jo»e.Gllr>y.Sallnaii.Pa»o Uobles.
San Lul* Oblipo. Snnri BrtrHarv
L«t Aik'f!'*, J'emtnx. Kl Pai%
New Orie«B«. Nfw Yorlc 7.10*
6 45 p P»J*ro. W«t3onTlIle. Capitola. !,«--_
S«nta Cruz. CaatroTTlle. De:>fis5-
Monte. Paclflc tirore JtlO-4j»
' tS-15P ~a» ; M Jlro. P-!rr«for t.lSelmunt.S.vi
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
llrnloPark. Palo Alto t8-48«
$30p 8*n Jow and Way Stations. 8-38a
8 OOp Palo Alto acd Way 8tar.Jons 10.15a
11. Mp bou;h fcan FrancUco. Mlllbra*. Bar-
ltDRante, Saa Mateo, Belmont,
5*ii Carlo*. Redwood. Talr Oaks,
llealo Park, and f alo Alto 9~48»
«11-30p Hiylield. Uonmala View. Suaar-
Tale. Lawrence. Raata Clara aad
\ aaJo«e »4*»
? tor Morn I die. P for Afternoon
t Santlay txcepted t Bandar oalr
a Saturday aoty. b Monday oajf.
-l&MtM at ail «"»*Vrt tm tealat.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COXPAJTT.
Tllmrtm rexxy, root ot Klaxkot Stroot.
SA2T 7BA2TCXSCO TO SAJT BATAXL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:09, 9:00. 11:00 a. av ;
12:33. 2:30. 3:40. 8:10, 3:50. 6:30 aad UU0
p. m. J x
Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7 :S0. 8:00. «:3<X 11:00 a. m.: l:Sa.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SA1T BaTASL TO SAN nAXCXBQO,
"WEEK DAYS— «:08. 6:oA 7:33. 7:3*. »:3O.
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 6:00. 3:*X
6:23 p. m.
Saturdays— Estra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:35, 9:20 11:15 a. ra.; 1:4»
3:40. 4:SO. B:00. 3:20. 6:25. 7:30 p. ra.
tEicept Saturdays
Leave I In Effect I Arrtv*
Ean Fran. I May 1. 190*. | San Fraa.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. ] — - tlon. 1 days. | Daya.
7l30~i ; 7T43a| 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a \^>: , 8:40 a «:40 a
8:00 a 9:S0a l*nael» '. 10:20 a|10:2O a
2:80 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:2Oj>
5:10 p 3:10 p ?•»
8:43 p
7 -30 a 7 -."50 a ~ 7:43 a 7:43 a
8i56a I:'oo! Novata. 1 B : =»» 1 2 :^ S
2:30 p 8:30 a Petaluma «:20 p «:2tt p
8:10 p 2:30 p and . 7:25 D 7:23 p
3:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a} 7:30. ~7 M>:22 iPglS 5
8 :C0 al 8 :00 a Fulton. . 23 p. 6 20 P
2:30 p| 2:30 p 8:43 pi 7-3?
¦ " Windsor. I
7-30 a 7-30 a Heald»bur«;. 10:20 a[10:20 *
Lytton. I
230p 2:30p Geytervulfr. 7:23 pf T:29 9
1 cioverdale. I
7-30 al 7:30 al Tlopland 110:20 a| 10:20 m
2:!jO p| 2:."»pl and Uklaii. | 7:23 pi i:^P
; '— j j wunts. j 1
; 7:SOa| 7:30al Sherwood. I 7:25 pi 7:23 9
8-00 al 8:0O at Guerneville and 110:2!> a;iO:20 a
\\Z0%\ 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. | 8:43pl^g_g
"fi-00al 8:W>a S:40a|8:*0a
l^pisr.tOa Sonoma. 6:0Opf6:2Up
JBMOP Glen Ellen. 8:43 pi
Vwal 7-»»'al 110:20 a[lb:2b'al
2i30pl 2:30 pi SebastopoL_ j 7:25 pi_6:20 p
"STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White '
KulDhur Springs and Mark West Springs: at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; afLytton for ¦
ivtton Eprinss: at Qeyservllle for Ska***
surtnes; at Cloverdale tor the Oeyser*. »3OTie-
v.ni and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
SDrtnss. Highland Sprtnrs. Kelseyville. CarN-
had Springs. Soda Bay Lakeport and Bartletl
Snrines- at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
SDrlnw.' Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. WltUr
rings Upper La!se. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerleyi. Buckneirs.
eaahedrin Heights. Hullvirie. OiTa Ho:
seringa Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
siieveua. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bra??.
Westport. Usal; at Willits for Kcrt Brass.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
¦vllle. Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris. Oi»eas. ¦
rjyer. Carbervllle. Pepperwood. Scctla and
Kureka. »
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday*— Ronnd-trtp tlcxeta to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 630 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
G»n. M-,n-it»r O»r> Pai>«. A"t.
Weeldy Gall $1,00 w Yea?
RAILWAY TRAVEL*
|| CALIFORNIA
|§ LIMITED TO CHICAGO
H LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS
1 H»t 9:3O a. m., through In 3 0*7*,
H with Alner and all trapping's. |?
Otter Santa P« Trains 1
Irlirt *• £1' 1 for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8:00 pi ml J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:C0 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 South, rirst St,
San Joae. -; »-. . -
£^$32$£JS3§j$5| TOSANRAFAEL,
IllliJP! R0SS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc*
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week* days, at
i 6 30 7-10 7:45. 8:30. t»:15. 10:00. l>«0 aV m.
i (11:40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:15i,
1 4-00. 4:35. 6:13. &:50. «:1'5. 7:15, 9:00. 10:2U.
i ii-35 t,. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7- 10 7:45. S:»0. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 liui
af tn.\ 12:20. 1:00. 1:45 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. »:;».
6:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 8:00. 10:20. 11:35
! P * Arrive -st Ean Francisco, week Cays «:17
7:00, 7:35. 8:15. 8*9r 0:35. 10:20. 11:05 'a. m.'
ll':C5. 1:25. 2:50 .3:35. 4:20. 5:05, 6:40. 6:li.
0-53. 7:55. 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
8 For P "Falrfax. week days, depart at 7:4* a. m.
3:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and Utal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 0:15 10:00
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30 713
and 8:15 p. m.
• » THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way station*.
9:15 a. tn. Sundays only — For Point Keyea,
etc.
S:15 p. m. tally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc.
6:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyea, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
etc
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc
TICKET OFFICE — 62« Market st. ,
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market «t
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leare TU h Halite Ftrrj Arrive
Ban FraucUoo y—t »f Market St. 8an Francisco
Week Bmn- ,T3L Sau- Week
D*y- d »T»- J<Sw^k day^ JJiays^
;. .... 8:30a f^|»E8&Q 12:4s p* 8:45a
10:00 a lgiJiS3»33o 2;0SF'll:O5i
10:00a 11:00a TCar^KvV 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:45 r 12:20 r 6:40 r 6:15 1
»:!6r 1;45p \2&Jr ' 6:15 r 10:0* r
4;3o r 8:50 r — :...
* Ti> Cratity Car. Y fesalsaU U Mill JtOn. \
Tickjct 102ft MARirrfti. (North OhoreKailroiaj
Omen land »AU8AtiTo Fxsay, loot Market 8*. •
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 11 a. m.'. from her late resi-
dence. 71S Point Lobos avenue, corner of
Parker street. Interment / Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
PAGE— In this city, August 10, 1904, Gustave
Louis Pace, 1 dearly beloved - husband of
Bertha 8. Page, and devoted father of Alvin
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 a. m., frcm his late resl-
d<*nct>. 975 Bryant street, thence td St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the- repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McMANUS— In this city. August 9-1904 Wil-
liam Henry, beloved husband o'f Catherine
McManus. a native of Ireland, aged (54 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlor*
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a re-
qxiiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. 7
McMULLEN— In this city, August 8 - 1904.
Jane, beloved wife of Louis G. McMullen,
and mother of Bert F., Walter, Clarence,
Ida and Adelbert McMullen and -Mra. G.
RdEEel. a native ot Albany. N. Y.. aged 57
years C months and 20 days.
ICTRtTnains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 806 Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
McKEEVER— In this city, August 10, 1904,
Thomas, beloved husband of Maria McKee-
ver. and father of Thomas L.. Francis: B.,
Joseph and George McKeever and Mrs. E.
Corf-t, a native of County Louth, Ireland,
aged CO yeaia.
[CTNotice of funeral hereafter. %
McARDLE— In this city, August 9, 1904,
Thomas B., beloved son of Bernard and the
late Hannah McArdle, ana loving brother
of Lizzie McArdle, Mn. J. J. Rlrlly and the
late Joseph M. McArdle, a native of San
Francl.sco.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
August 12, at 1 p. m., from her late "resi-
dence, 135 Central avenue, between Haight
and Fell streets/ Interment Salem Ceme-
tery, via electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
MacDONALD — In this city, August 10, 1904,
Henrietta MacDonald. dearly beloved wife
of the late James MacDonald, and beloved
mother of Henrietta and Lexie MacDonald,
a native of Nova Scotia, -aged 55 years.
tBoston capers please copy.j
ICFuneral services will take place at the
chapel of N. Gray & Co., 353 Sutter street,
Friday. August 12, at 2 p. m. Interment
private.
MALONE— In this city. Aumift 10, 1004, at
h*r residence. 111G Florida street, Bridget,
r»lict of the late John Malone, and beloved
mother of Kate and Minnie Malone, a native
of County Gal way, Ireland, accd 60 years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at parlors of Carew & English, 29 Wan Ness
avenue.
LOEWENTHAL— In this city. August 10. 1904.
Sarah, wife of the late Jownh Loewenthal,
and mother of Myer. Goodman, Harry. Jacob
and Tillie Loewenthal. a native of Poland
aged 01 years Q months and 10 days. (Lcs
Anjceles papers please copy.)
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thurt-day). at 2 p. m.. from the parlora of
the United Undertakers. SG6 Mission street
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. •¦:.:¦• rr
JOHNSON— In this city. August 10, 1904,
John, beloved husband of the late Jane E.
Johnson, and father of Jennie L. and Wil-
liam J. Johnson. Mrs. E. Glasser, Mrs. D.
J. Smith, Mrs. J. Lownle ana Mrs. E. Pen-
nlngton, and uncle of Nelson Johnson, a na-
tive of Norway, aged 70 years. \ m
KNOWLES— In this city, August 10. 1804,
Clara, wife of the late James Knowles, and
mother of Mrs. J. J. Walsh and the late
Sarah Walnh, and grandmother of Sadie,
Florence and John J. Walsh, a native of
County Kildare, Ireland.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 a. m., from her late real-
dence, 347 Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, whre a solemn requiem high
rnasa will be celebrated for the repose "of her
eoul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Croaa
Cemetery.
CAPELLI— In this city, august 10. 1904,
Lulgi, dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Julia
Cape 111, and father of Joseph and David
Capelli. Mrs. Mm Ilia Sharp and Mrs. E.
Ghirardelli, and brother of Lodovlco and
Glacomo Canelli, a native of Italy, atred 64
years 5 months and 24 daya. (Philadelphia,
Pa., papers please copy.) ,
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
August 13, at 8:30 a. m., from the resi-
dence of hia son-in-law, C Ghlrardelli,
8660 Nineteenth street, near Dolores, thenca
to Mission Doloren Church, wher« at 9
o'clock a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul. Interment
Italian Cemetery.
CORNFOOT— In this city, August 10. 1904.
George E.. beloved son of Henry and the late
Margaret Cornfoot. and brother of Samuel
Cornfoot, Mrs. M. Reeu, Mrs. J. McGinn
and the late Mrs. J. T. Conroy and Hanry
and James Cornfoot. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 34 years 4 months and 5 days.
C-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 8C6 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for Bervtces. In-
terment Holy Cross Ometery.
DEVOTO— In Oakdale, Cal.. August 9, 1904,
John P. Devoto. eldest son of Antonio De-
voto and the late Catherine Devoto, brother
of James A.. Albert. Anthony, Carmelita
and Adele Devoto, Mrs. D. Devlncenzl, Mrs.
' A. Tassl and Mrs. L. A. Rea, and nephew
of Mrs. M. Varnl. aged 40 years.
IC^Funeral Etrictly private Thursday
August 11, from his late residence, 705 ',-i
Green street. Please omit flowers.
FItAWLEY— In this city, August 10. 1904.
Kate, beloved* wife of trie . late Richard
Frawley. and mother of Thomas, Daniel.
Archibald. Rlt^ird and E»tella Frawley and
the late Mrs. sortie M. Drennan, and sister
of Mrs. William Huc'.ios, Mrs. J. LoebbJn?
and James, Archibald. Alexander and
Thomas McKee, and Uauchtcr of the late
Ann McKee. a native of Australia, aged
55 years 4 months and 18 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:0k a. m., from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 8W5 Mission street,
betwetn Fourth and Fifth, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOODMAN— In this city. AuEUSt 10, 1^31.
Charles David, beloved eon of Oscar and
Maude Goodmaji, and brother of Rosa Good-
man, a native of San Francisco, ated 3<
months and 12 days.
IRVINE— In this city. August 9. 1904, West
Irvine, a native of Ohio, aged 67 years.
JOHANSEN— In this city, August 0, 1904, Carl
Johansen, a native of Norway, aged 36 years
U months and 2 days. A member of Riggers'
and Stevf-dores' Union, Local No. 222 L L.
M. and T. A.
I ANDERSON— In Vallcjo, August 8, 1904, Sa-
i rah, beloved wife of the late Andrew Ander-
eon, and devoted mother of Mrs. Lena Pers-
son, Mrs. Oliv'a Ongman. Mrs. Ida Lindfr
and Mrs. Anna Sandahl. a' native of Sweden,
aged 70 year3 2 months and 30 days.
tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvit-:d to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 p. m.. from the resi-
- dence of her daughter, Mrs. Lena Persson,
I 349 Alvarado street, between Twenty-second
j and Twenty-third, Sanchez and Noe. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BERLIN— At Grand Island. Sacramento
County, August S. 3904, Charles, beloved
husband of Hannah Berlin, and father of
Catherine Berlin, a native of Sweden, aged
- 81 yeaxs and 9 months.
BOERNER— In this city, August 10, 1304.
Sarah Alice, dearly beloved wife of Alfred
J. Boerner. and devoted daughter of John
and Eliza Halllnan, and lovinsr sister of
Julia, Thomas and James Hallinaji, Mrs.
James Covel. Mrs. David Bolton. Mrs. John
Fleming' and the late John J. Halllnan and
Mrs. W. H. Joyce, and cousin of John B.
Connell. a native of Coultervllle, Cal., aged
22 years 8 months and 14 days.
?BROWN— In thia city. August 10, 1904.
Edward, beloverl father of Gertrude and
Viola Brown, and brother of Charles and the
late Henry. Fred, and George Brown and the
late Arabella Walsh, a native of California,
tC7Remalns at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. ,
CAHILL— In thl 9 city, August 9. 1904, Anaa-
tasla K., wife of the late Patrick Henry
Cahill. and sister of Mrs. Kate Dwan, a na-
tive of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aiced 45
years"
DIED.
Anderson. Sarah Locwenthal, Sarah
Berlin, Charles MacDonald. Henrietta
Boerner, Sarah Alice Malone. Bridget
Brown, Edward McArdle, Thomas B.
Cahill. Anantasia IC. McKeever, Thomaa
Capelli. Luitrl McManus. Wm. H.
Cornroot, Georg-e E. McMullen, Jane
Devoto, John P. Page, Gustave L.
Frawley, Kato rtoDertson. John
f»ooaman. CharUe D. Itock, John
Irvine, Weet Sands, Catherine
Johansen, Carl Sustain, Joseph
Johnson, John Williams, Margaret
Knowlea, Clara
KSELO PAIfK ZSAL ESTATE.
J^tiO KKR acre— Two S-acre and one 4-acrw
tract, b»?k cf Fair Oaks; water and good
rc«c5; last of this property lert; U cash.
i Mrnlo Psrk — A fine country home, with
r?!en£id garden and magnificent trees; well
bulH. cl4-ta*hioned bouse in good condition:
ivr txle fct a banrain; 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oats — Land In be« part of this dis-
trict; well eheltered and wooded: in tracts of
from 4 10 vt acres; special lertas to these
b.uildin* irr.rrofiutely
FELIJY. P.ODGERS * CO..
Telr^i:or« Main «TTl. 118 California "t.
35^? QSP^S 1 . JSSS*???--.
LOSI1TA l'AKK- On line of San Mateo electric
car*; 45 minutes from 6th and Market: stwer
• a<i »ater pipen to each lot; electric, lights.
ctc; r-0-foot lota fn^m J325 to $100; terms.
«9 dowa and $10 a month; jet off at "Lomlta
Prrk" an«i lnv*»tls-ate; maps t>ent ca appli-
SKi-nr. rodgers & co..
T*!. Sl^lr 6Trc. 11^ Callfomis. *t.
ALA3IEDA ADVERT y S ? M ? TS
AXASIUPA SEAL ESTATE.
S-iiOCM coi.-m coitat-e: cor. Paclflc ave. and
Resum ft.: ¥1C*O less than Us value. Apply
l^P.. UALPni'NER. -~S Oa'.. St.. city. 2-5 p.m.
FJHTiTALE APVERTSTS
rBTJITVAIE ZIEAZ. ESTATE.^
FnUITl-ALE REAL ESTATE.
CHAfi. F. LEE. Phone Vale S98.
Office One-half Block Frcm Frultvale Station.
YOU SDRXXY WANT A HOME.
$15 a tconth and you can own yours. Just
Vke rent; a lovely 0-rooro. bath, pantry, high
b*»e".iTA. brick foundation cottage: handsome-
ly dc-r-oratf'l interior; steel enameled bath;
na'nds'-mp palm tree; full bearing fruit trees
an-I Oowwa In abundance; 3 blocks from the
car line; graded school near by. aad lot 70x
US: only $300 cash required; price all told,
CHAS. F. LES> 1222 FnHtraie are.
FOP. sale— 52750; it cost $3780; rests for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to E. S. AUSTIN. 1101 twenty-lhird ave..
Tan Oakisnj.
FBUITVAI.E COPSES TO I.ET.
FBVTTVXUE — Acre or land in fruit; house:
t-arn: 1 hour's ride from S.F.. 122S Jackson, SF
OAKLAND ADVERT ; S ; M ? TS
• . O" 1CK, 1016 BROADWAY.
OABXAarP 3I1AL ESTATE.
INVEST NOW— REMEMBER THAT OAK-
LAND IS GROWING VERY RAPIDLY:
POP. NOW ESTIMATED OVER 1OO.OOO; '
OUR P. O. BU8. SHOWS WONDERFUL
INCREASE; INVESTIGATE THIS IN- I
"VESTMENT; INCOME NEARLY 18 PER
• KNT; PRICE $3500; THREE TENE-
MKNTS. IN FIRST-CLASS ORDER: VERT
t-UNNY: NEAR LOCAL TRAIN; OWNER
LEAVING TOWN.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
3! 4 SAN PABLO AVE..
OAKLAND.
BOOKS TO LET — Furn. and TJnfurn.
BELMOND Houx>, over Owl dniKstore. 2 en-
trances. 112« Marlift/and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; ninnlrs wattr In every room; 200
1 rooms; 25c to SOe per night: $1 25 to $3 w?*k.
BUSH. 615 — Furnished front suite; $15; down
I town.
I CASTRO. 425, near 17th — Furnished room ault-
j aMe for one or two persons.
I CRAGDURN- (The). 1C07 Larkin. cor. Post.—
Sunny nicely furnished rooms; single, en
suit*, hcusekeeping apartments; running
wat»r. tnth?; rates reasonable.
EDDY. 432— Elegantly furnished sunny par-
lor suite and bath; also single room.
• EIGHTH ave.. 874, near museum— 2 parlors
partly furnished; single furnished.
FRANKLIN, 721. near G. G. ave.— Sunny fur-
nlshed front rooms; all cor.veniences;511AJl2.
FREDERICK. 357— One furnished or unfur-
nished room to let.
FURNISHED or unfurnished rooms, with or
xrithout hoiuf keeping; also rooms with board;
full particulars; no chare's. Room Renting
Advertiser*. 117 Sutter St.; OFFICE IN
REAR OF STORE. UPSTAIRS.
j FURNISHED room and board with Spanish
I family at HOC Clay et.
j OOLDEN GATE AVE.. 521— Furnished rooms
to let; reasonable.
' GRAND Soutbern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35e
to $125 night; $1 60 to ?C wk.; readlng-rm.
' HOWARD. 715 — I-«rc* sunny rooms at low
* rates: 25c to $1 dar and $1 23 to $5 week.
! JESSIE. 3C3, eaxt of U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms; $1 per week,
; MARKET. 750— Firit -class newly furnished
rooms; day. week or month.
MARKET. J049A.The Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MONTGOMERY. 121— Nice rooms to let;.
$2 up.
NATOMA, 2S4^, near Fourth — Ftour unfur-
jj ntshed rooms; closets; separata yard.
' NICELY furnlshrtl rooms to rent. Apply at
739 Folsom St.. near Fourth.
! NOE. 81 — Large sunny front room; all con-
ve:u<?:\cer; private lamlly; reasonable. Taks
Hal£ht-6t. cars to Pierce et.
: PAGE^ 27S — Two or thre« sunny rooma, with
_bath; $14. j
I PINE. 1733 — 1. 2 or 3 rooms; light and sunny;
housekeeping privileges; reasonable.
j POWELL. 216. between O'Farrell and Gearjr — i
Sunny furnished rooms from $2 per wk. up.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights, ;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladlea' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SILVER 3S — Back and front parlor, use of
kitchen.
6TANYAN, 1111 — Exceptionally nice sunny
upper floor, 4 rooms, bath and pantry.
1 SUTTER. 24S3 — Nice, sunny room, furnished;
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
TAYLOR. 911 — Nicely furnished sunny room;
good location; reasonable.
THIRD, 308— :5c,50c.75c.$l night; $1 15. $4 wk;
respectable: gas; bath free; housekyc rooms.
TREAT AYE., 807 — Front room to let.
as
f4O>0 — REDUCED from $5500; new colonial
horse of 7 roome, bath, two mantels,
paneled dining-room; sideboard and china
closet built In place; open and nickel
plumbi&g: combination pae fixtures: lot
43 feet frontase: house can be leased Tor
M5 per month for three years; owner lo
St. Louie and must sell; only four blocks
• frcm business center, postofflce and nar-
row-pauge station; best neighborhood In
O&kl&nd. between Broadway and Lake
Merritt. * This is positively an. elegant
home and a barxrain.
J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
fC-0 CAFH. $10 monthly; cottage of 4 rooms;
¦well, chicken-house, shed; 8 lots, 100x245;
all fenced: young fruit trees; ground In cul-
U rattan; fine caicken ranch; lovely site;
-andy ioam soil; school and tlectric cars near
I'?-; Efw nomes soing up right along: fine ma-
rine and 'andscape view; no fogs nor winds
1i'-r«>: adjoining Kast Oakland; price In all
$1^75: call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
m.. opposite Broadway elation. Oakland, Car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, Land owner.
BARGAIN — $500 cash, balance $30 month: 6
r* end b.: laundry, pantry, electric lights;
eas tor cooking; lot 40x140;' close to K<»y
route nation; see the place and you will
want it. Owner. 624 Thirty-elgfcth st.
f c;f0 WILL buy a (rood. «xtra well built house
of 3 rooms and bath: 9-foot basement; lot
iZsSO, corner; on car lin<\ within 5 minutes'
tta!k of a local station; house not new, but
t.uilt by owner f<:r home
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
_^ 1052 BROADWAY.
A BAP.GAIN.
$.:25fl— Store with flat above aad cottaire in I
ifear icorner); located in West Oakland. Avn\y
bf> P. C. LXBSES & CO.. 466 Tenth eL. Oak- ;
|ynj. <'aJ. ¦.^y' •
f^COO — HOUSE. « rooms and bath; lot 33:4x101-
tsnk ajid windmill. 1018 Twenty-fourth at.
Oakland. Cal. *
OAKLAKD HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED, for rent— Lakeside district; one
ol the chcice hoinc-e of Oakland; 14 rooms -
«!<-SuntIyl appointed; tw^autifu}. grounds; will
]<»«.*• for one year at 515O per month, Includ-
ing .services of gardener; water to te paid '
by tenant; this is an unusual opportunity-
t«-« references required.'
Apply to the E. P. VANDERCOOK CO
1016 Broadway. Oakland.
OASLAVS 7ZTBKr.ru BE POB SALE.
TO-MORROW the'tUT tor "t'arailnTln"fSrnir
tare. H. Schellnaaa.Uth at..cor.store.Oaklaad.
San Francisco Advertisnrts.
BOC2ES FOB HOTJSEXEEPIlfCJ.
I.LEVENTH ave. Scuth. lta5^-5"roomsT corn^
piete for housfkeeglng. $15; 3 for ?10.
¦ ¦ ¦¦
i~PLSOM. R70— Suite cf front, sunny rooma.
FOURTEENTH. 706— Sunny, furnished house-
Wteptnt rooms; adults.
OE ART. 441— Housekeeping room to let
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631— Nicely furnished
rootrs for housekeeping.
COLUEX GATE ave.. 1202—2 pleasant bouse-
kvs. rooms; large kitchen; com p.; run. water.
CUEBREBO. 930. bet. 21st and 22d— Fumish-
fd rooms for housekeeping; no children. !
HABIOSOIC. 748— Back parlor & kitchen $12, !
¦yunny. crate, laundry; also furnished rooms. J
HA RRlioN, 748— Lanr7^uWan*d~lrttchen. $12~ !
¦unny. grate, laundry; also furniehed rooms.'
BOWABD. 719U— Hous«*eep7ng rooms "and !
. others: reasonable; respectable; no transient.
HYDE. tO3 — Rooms for housekeeping- reason-
able.
KNICKERBOCKER Apsrtments. 1340 Pine
Sunny, furnished 3-room sult<Hi; *team h«at-
fd electric lighted; free baths; rates lean.
LEAVENWORTH. 1512-3 "n7c^!y furnished
iooms for houbekeeping; gas range; bath.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate I
avet.. — Suites and sunny anfur. roomt; rea«. i
MCALLISTER. 1C5&— 2 or 3 runny fur. rooms!
housekj-g-: kss and coal stove; bath; phone.
CAK. 117. KS McAllister— Rooms, complete: !
g.% to *12: ras range, hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL. 12f — One large sunny housrkeep- 1
ing nn.; ira» Ftove; runr.bg water; $3 00 wk.
P.AUSCH. 85— Large sunny fronT room- all
conveniences for light housekeej-lng- or two
gcKte; 88. I
VATLOR. 911 — Furnifhed suite, ga.% range,
folding bed $12 50: tingle, folding bed. $0 5o!
VAN NESS. 31— Nice furr'rhed front parlor,
kitchrn, gas, etc.; reasonable; location fine.
V.AN NEfS ave. 2:>»— Fur. housek-eplnjr, eln-
r.\*. and 2-room «ulte«: $6. tip. $iq^ |i S .
ADVERTISEirENTS. subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church Bta.
A7ASTKS3TT HOUSES.
FT LOUIS. 15.6 Jacksoa Modern S-4-9
rc-oms: fnrp. or.nnfurn.: reft. Tel. K».st 135a.
B.OO1KS TO LET — Turn, aad TJafarn.
A— CRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms !
25o to $1 per night $1 25 to $5 per week and i
llrnt housekeeping rooms; open all night..
A— HOWARD. 17C3— Large *unnjr alcove, suit-
able for one or two gentlemen.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
•Fifth *t)-Rooma. 25c. 60c. *L $1 M night;
|1 60 to $10 week; bouse open all Blfbu
TURK. 321 — A single room to let.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market-400
rooms. 33e to $1 night. Jl 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric light* (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read.-room: free bus; baggage,
TTAXTED— Couple to take part of nicely furn.,
modern. 6-room flat; reasonable. 230 Guerrero.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
33c to $1 50 night; 12 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth at. — Rooms from 15a
to ?1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
BOOMS A2TD BOABS.
BRANNAN, 325 — Large sunny front room with
board for two; bath.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine fnrn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.: new manag.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room,
Eingle or double. $5-?6 wk. : American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
807 California — See rocms.Iearn prlces.try table !
TABLE board In private family. 615A Mason
St.. near Sutter.
BOOM BEMTrTTO AQEWCT.
WE rect your rooms; hundreds of roomers call-
ing daily; don't delay seeing us. Room Rent-
ing Advertiser*. 11" Sutter St.; phone Clay
o;«u: office in rear of store upstairs.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage^
packing, shipping; warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; teL South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van CaTTurnTture^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
~-S31 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2941: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving~CoTof-
_jBce Post and Powell sts.; te!. Pri. Ex. 67L
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchant i
<lise. o33 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12B.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. S40
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. -F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Corn^
_j>any. 2320 Fillmore et.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel, Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
S^rj&MACiraiESAHBSUPPLIES.
new retail office of the White Sewing
Machine Co. \m now open at 915 Market
st. A great collection of beautiful art
work is L*lrg shown, all -made on the White.
This office -x 111 b« the coast sewing machine
headquarters. '* ¦
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
TYPEWEITE2S AJTB SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices;- rentals $2 £>0. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California at.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
VIA VI.
A WAT to health — Mothers' and daughters'
hoir.e treatment; booklet free; write for it.
VIA VI CO . 2304 Van Ness: phnne East 282.
I.EOAI. NOTICES.
ANT one having bill against HANSEN &
PARKER, saloon, at 12 Mission et., will
present thVm for collection on or before Au-
gu.'t 13. 1904.
GTUTTESIIIG AND STAZSSIEBZZTO.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness and Market,
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. S. ; private; established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint "0-0 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Arthur Barr, 22, 37 Third avenue, and Flor-
ence Johnston. IS. 2010 Howard street.
Ago»Um> Cafasa, 29. city, and Rosa Rlsso,
21, city.
Walter L. Hunt, 28, 1S6 Albion avenue, and
Anna Todt. 24. 5Ti Clipper street.
Jean M. Millet, 30, 801 Vallejo street, and
Lucie Forcu*s. 18, 8U1 Vallejo street.
Aurust a. Sick, 34. Oakland, and Eugenie
L. H/ircade, 18, city. \ _
Cooper K. W. Gilbert. 32, 3IC9 Seventeenth
street, and Grave I. Savag% 30, 11A Dearborn.
Loult? A. I.i;iulw-iilil.«. 32, Holliater, and Anna
U. AIcKce. 25. Iiollister.
William O. C. Fictrher. 21, 1.19 Polk street,
and Kalherlne A. Murphy, 21, 306 Grove street.
George A.- Bnrthwlck, ."7. 1008 Bush street,
Vnd Irma Hempel. 23. lOoS Bush street.
Jfsui! Lozano. 23. Reno, Nev., and Lcttie
P. Glaec. 10, Auburn. • •
Felice Dentone, 28, 400 Bay street, and
Manucla Ghlo. 18, 1'X) Vandewater Rtreft.
Brody von Turner. 29,' Chicaco, and Fanny
Ferguson, 2R. BcllinKham. Wash.
Arvld V. Nelson, 26. 2CS2 Folsom street, and
Anna M. Anderaon, 22, 2fiS2 Folsom street.
Steve Zncca, 24. €24 V4 Lombard stnet, and
Maria Pozzi. 19, «24% Lombard "treet-
Cla-us H. Offerman. 2i, l«01 Leavenworth
street, and Flora E. Guenther, 22, 1713 Leav-
enworth street.
BIRTHS— It! ARRIAQES— DEATHS. .
Birth, marriaee and death notices sent by
mall will not be lneerted. Thfy must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rens authorized to have- the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In thia column
free of charge. . : ¦
BORN*. "
ABRAHAM— In this city, to the wife of
Nathan Abraham, a daughter.
MURRAY— In this city. August «. 1904, to the
vrlta of Frank Murray, a daughter
BACKER— HARDER— In this city, Augrust 9.
Jy«. by the Rev. Alfred Meyer. William E.
Backer and Alma Harder, both of, San
Francisco.
DAXEHI— HAYS— In this city. August 8. 1004,
by the Rev, Edwin F. Brown, John Daneri
of San Diego and Anna F. Hays of thia
city.
OEHLER— JUNKER— In this city. August 8,
190*. by the Rev. George Guth, Peter Oehler
and Elizabeth Junker, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SICK— HOURCADE— In this city. August 10.
1904, by tho Rev. J. II. Schroeder, Ausust
A. Sick and Eugenie L. Hourcade.
MARRIED.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
CIATION— The monthly requiem high mass
for the deceased members of St. Dominic'*
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will bo sung
In St. Dominic's Church Thursday at 0 a. ni.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
August 12. 1904, at 8:30 a. m.. from her
late residence, 493 Filbert street, thence to
St. Francis Church where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SUSSAIN— in San Jose. August 9. 1904,
Joseph, dearly /beloved husband of Mrs.
Leonida Sussain, and ncn of Mrs. Franka
and the tate Matteo Sussaln, and brother of
Antone l __Frank. John and Matteo Suesaln,
Mrs. Maria Grbar and Kate Srdoch, a native
of Kaatay Istria, Austria, aged 32 years 2
and 0 days - •
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
August 12, at 1:15 p. m. from hU late resi-
dence, 018 Union street, between Stockton
and Dupont. Interment Italian Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In Oakland, August 8. 1004,
Margaret, beloved mother of Walter and
Charles Williams, a native of Wales, aged
01 y£ars 11 months and 13 daya.
[C7Frlends and acquaintances are resp*ct-
runy invited to attend the funeral service*
this day (Thursday), August 11. at' 2 p. m..
at her late residence. 683 Twenty-fourth
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
C?"FrIends and acouaintances are respect-
'"»y Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(I-riday), August 12, at 11 a. m., from his
late residence, l"0 Oak street. Interment
T,^° Unt Ollvet Cemetery.
ROCK— In Nlles, Alameda County. Cal.,
August », l»04 John beloved father of Flor-
ence E. Rock, 'a native of Germany, a«ed 67
years 11 months and 20 days. (Washington,
•"•-J 0 .. -papers Please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
August 11. 1904, at 2 p. m.. from his late
residence, near Nlles Cal. Interment Cypress
Cemetery. Decoto, Cal.
SANDS— In thU city. August 0. 1904, Cath-
erine, dearly beloved wife of the late John
bands/ mother of John, Samuel Matthew
and James Sands, and sister of Ann Hughes.
a native of Ireland axed 61 yean 3 months
and 9 days.
G. Page and the late Bernhard J. and Hugo
E. Pare, a native of Saxony, Germany,
agred ea years and 1 month.
ETNotice of tuneral hereafter.
ROBERTSON— In this city, August 10, 1904.
John William, beloved husband of Drusa
D. Robertson, and father of Mra. J. S.
Purdie, Almon S. Robertson, Mrs. R. P.
Maite and Fred A. Robertson, a- native of
Nova Scotia, a*ed 62 years 7 months and
3 days. •• * . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1904.
Continued on Pose Fourteen, ;___
A f rrc York Money Market.
Ni;*tv- TORK. Aufj. 10.— Cln»e: Money on
csll very **«>•. "Ji^l P*r cent, cloring bid a;,
ojterod at 1 per cent. Time loans eary and
dull, flxty and ninety fiay». 2 per «at; six
months. n*_ i^r cent. »
Prime mercantile paber. 464% per cent.
Ejerllng exchange steady at advance, with
CHICAGO. Aug. 10. — Scare news from the
Northwest continued . to be a factor in the
wheat market, but appeared to impart less
terror to the hearts of wheat traders. There
wan no panic, no sharp break, no reversal ot
advices, but apparently a general disposition
to await more conclusive information of .North
west conditions. In the uncertainty manifest
ed at the opening, September wheat scored a
loss of %c to ftc, initial sales ranging from
$1 Cl% to $1 01 %. Timid longs who had not
taken advantags of the high prices of the past
few days saw much of • danger in the new
sentiment, and seized -the opportunity to un
load, causing prices to descend to a lower
level, , September going to $1 00% under the
celling pressure. Professional buying rallied
the market on the break, the purchasers' con
fidence being attributed to a rumor that the
Government report would show an - enormous
decrease from last year's figures/Under this
leadership longs gained new courage and for
a time the furious buying spirit of the past
few days seemed to have revived.- September
responded with a bulge to $1 02 before the
fever abated. There was plenty of wheat to
be had at that figure. In consequence a grad
ual recession ensued to $1 00%, or under
the opening price. Shorts and others alert 'to
buy at the lower figures steadied the market
and carried the ' price back to $1 01 for Sep
tember, at which figure lt closed.
Corn values held up well, but with a gen
eral inclination to weakness. September bulged
Future Grain and Provisions.
EASTEKN MAEKETS.
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
/ Exchange and Bullion.
Silver Is a fraction higher. All Exchange
local Sterling Mexican and Continental— Is
higher and the rates are high for this time of
the year, as will be seen. New Tork on Lon
don Is now over the gold exporting point.
LOCAL. ,:•->
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 10
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 68*4
Mexican Dollars 48 © 46ft
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Mexico ....217
Berlin on London 20.47&
Paris on London 25.26
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were lower and
Paris futures higher.
Chicago was lower than on the preceding
day,' as will be seen. The Government Issued
its monthly report, showing a spring Wheat
condition August 1 of 87.5, against 93.7 July
1 77.1 August 1 last year and a ten-year
average for August 1 of 81; It said that it
was yet too early to estimate the damage from
rust. The report Indicates a winter Wheat
crop of 333,400,000 bushels and a eprlng Wheat
crop of 247,000,000. Total crop, 5SO,O0O,00O,
which Is not as low an estimate as the other
recognized authorities, but it must not be for
gotten that these figures were made up before
the current reports of rust damage were re
ceived.
Cutter A Moseley's wires from Chicago said:
"Marketings of long Wheat are enormous and
well taken There is no question about the
extensive damage in the Northwest, but the
crowd are Inclined to realize because the Gov
ernment report will not show lt."
The wires of E. F, Hutton & Co. said: "Crop
reports continue bad, if not worse than ever,
with the Northwest heavy sellers. Dallas
i (Tex.) wires that even at the advance the mlll
;• era are not - able to get enough Wheat, The
crop Is shorter than anticipated and no doubt
a great quantity will be chipped Into that State
1 to meet the demand of the milln."
The wires of R. Brent Mitchell said: "It
was a nervous. . uncertain market on a moder
: ate volume of ' trade, mainly scalping opera
: tlons. The cables leaned . toward weakness;
there was further crop damage reports in the
Northwest of same character as heretofore.
; Along with these, however. Is coming rather
less sensational estimates and some modifica
tion is noticeable in the general character of
the news from that quarter. The large prottt
¦ taking In this market by leading holders is
1 also felt to some extent. A little more atten
tion Is; being paid to the cash situation as
outside movement of Wheat continues liberal
and millers are rather disposed to hold • off.
As a matter of fact the flour situation seems
such that the Wheat is worth more for specu
lative purposes than fors. marketing it Into
I flour The Government report this afternoon,
' while it may : show considerable' decrease - in
the condition, is not expected to reflect v tha
LOCAL MAEKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening « 11?* 1 V»
Closing 7 7 M
PARIS.
Wheat — Aue. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 22 05 22 90
Closing 22 15 23 00
Flour —
Opening 29 60 SO 05
Closing 29 60 30 35
St. Louis Wool Market.
ET. LOUIS, Aug. 10.— WOOL— Firm. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 20^25c:
light fine. 16-@22c; heavy fine, 12@16c; tub
washed. 22@35c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 10. — WHEAT— Shipping:
Walla Walla. 73c; bluestem, 77c; valley, 78c.
Milling: Walla Walla. 74c; bluestem, 78c; val
ley, 80c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 10. — WHEAT — Unchanged.
Bluestem, 77c; club, 72c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Auj. 10.— Clearings, $617,358;
balances, $101, CSO. > :. v
TACOMA 1 . Aug. 10.— Clearings. $301,100;
PORTLAND. Aug. 10.— Clearings. $518,725;
SPOKANE.' Aug. 10.— Clearings, $339,416;
balances 519,806.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 10—2 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 106*.; 108% Us qr ep a«w.l*MV4132
4s qr reg...lO6».41O«?i|3s qr coup.. .105 1C5%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5a. — — Oak T Co 6s.ll3%120
Aeso OH 5s. 70 — Do 5s no^* ~
Bay CPC 5s.l01H102H Do con 5s. — 103
Cal C G 5s.l01blM Oceanic S 5s. — 72H
Cal G & E g Om Cable Cs.121 —
m & ct 5s. — 83 Pac G Im 4s. 92*4 »3**i
Cal-st C 5s. 112% -r P E Ry 5«..104*_105
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P & C H Cs.103 —
EdL & P 6s. — — P*OR 6S.114 —
F & C H 6s.ll2}_ — i Powell -«t 6a. — 114
Geary-st 5s.. — 83 I Sac EGARSs. 99H10O
H C&S 5»_3.10O — |SF ft WV5s.ll7% —
Do 5s .... 99^100 I Sierra R 6a.. — 108
Hen R T 6S.106H-07 IS P of A Ca
L A Elec 5a. — — I (1909) 10JH —
L A Ry 5s.. 115 — I (1910) 108% —
LALC06S — — 3PofC«s
Do Kt d «a. — — (19O5)Sr A.103J4 —
Do gtd 5s. — 1031. (1905)Sr B.104"-s —
LAP lem 5s.l01t_ — (1906) 106 —
Mkt-st C 69.114 — (1912) .....116 117
Do lem 58.115 — SPC 1 eg 6a. — 117H
MVJk MtT5s.lOO — Do stampd.100 —
NRR of CSs.l^U — S P B R «»•};_;.,—
Do 5s 117%118UlS V Wat 6s.lP« l Hl n T
N P C R 5S.105 105HI Do 4s 2dm. 99^100
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 I Do 4s 3dm. 99V. —
N C P C 59. — 100 I Do g mt«r4« 9S —
N S R R 5«.1O1 — IStkn G*E8s. 93 — .
O G L&H 5s.ll0 lit U O & E 5s. 105 —
O W gtd 59. — 100 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 33 37 [Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. S7 S1%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 3tt 8* S F G A B. « 61%
Mutual EL. — 14 Stkn OA t 4<4 »S
Pac L Co... 58% — U G A E Ca — —
• INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.,125 13O |L PA A.... — 135
Anglo-Cal .. 85 S6*£ Mer Trust-... 212% —
Bank of Cal.420 — |Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F Nattonl. — —
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2330 I Sav A L 80. — If*
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk.380 400
Mutual Sav. 105 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sar U.60O 625
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..192%1C3 (Presidio — 41
Geary » — •
POWDER^
Giant 60tf — fVUorlt — •
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — ' 20c IKllauea S C — 4
Hawaiian C. 52% 5.1 Makawell C. 23*4 24*4
Honokaa S C 12* 13 iOnomea S C. 23^ —
Hutch S P C 8% OUlPaauhau S C. 13«i 14
MISCELLANBOUS.
Alaska P A. 123 126 Oceanic 8 Co. — 4%
Cal F C A. — ICO Pac Anx FA. — •
Cal Wine A. 82% — Pac C Borx.137 —
MVA MtTm.lOO —
25 Giant Powder Con 80 25
10 Hawaiian Com! A Sugar 52 87t_
13O Honokaa S Co 12 50
110 Paauhau S P Co IS 50
eo Spring Valley Water Co 37 CO
Street —
75 Makaweli. b 5 V. 73
$5, CCO S P Branch Ry 8 per cent.. 132 50.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
70 California Wine Association... 83 00
25 Hawaalan C«ml & Sugar, b 3.. 33 00
25 Paauhau S P Co IS 62Vi
$3.C0O Los Anseles Ry 5 per cent.. ..115 23
S14 COO S P of Arizona (1900) 107 23
Street—
23 Paauhau S P Co-. 13 30
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6a. — 99 SF A NP 3s. — 110*_
B L Wat 6s. — 11" S P C R 4b. — ' 100
Cal NW 5s.. — 112% S P Co 4"4s.lOOt,i —
M C Wat 5s. 100 — (Sun Tel .Is... 102 105
RIs I Wks 5s — 1C5 (Suttcr-st RSs.lOS 11.1
KF Drdk 5s. — llSX^UR of SF 4s. 84H 85
' MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
1 Ala S Co... 23 30 (Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 — INev Nat Bk.197% —
small packages, but offerings In open boxes
were light and. although the market had an
easier tone prices were steady for early ar
rivals. Offerings In carriers from Santa Clara
County came to hand very late in the day and
a large portion of the receipts had to be held
over. Freestones of the Muir variety were
Belling at $25@35 per ton to canners. but of
ferings consisted chiefly of small lots. Bartlett
Pears continued firm, with canners buying bulk
lota at the familiar quotations. The Apple
market was m fair shape and the best Graven
steins were firmly held at the maximum quota
tion. Previous prices ruled for general offer-
Ings of Plums and Prunes In small packages,
but occasional lots of desirable varieties sold
for shipping at prices ranging from 75c to 90c
per crate. The canners were too busy with
Pears to pay much attention to Plums, and a*
a result there was a heavy accumulation of
all varieties lying around the market. Melons
were in free supply and weak, particularly for
Nutmegs, large lines of which have to be car
ried over from day to day. Several small con
signments of Quinces in open boxes from-So
noma eold at 75c per box. a decline. Grapes
were plentiful and met with a fair demand,
with occasional lots of the Tokay variety suit
ably packed for shipment bringing a slight
premium. A carload of choice Valencia
Oranges was received and was held at t- 509
2 75 per box. Low-grade offerings of Lemons
were dull and lower and Pineapples sold at
easier rates, as offerings were generally small.
STRAWBERRIES— ?3S6 per chest for Long
worths. $3®5 for Alviso Berriea and $3iQ5 for
the larger varieties.
- BLACKBERRIES— $1 S0<S3 per chest. * 1
RASPBERRIES — $C@9 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 10@12c per lb.
APPLES— $1C1 00 per box for fancy, 85cf??l
for choice and 40@75c for common; Crab Ap
ples. CCsfrCCc for small boxes and $1 for larg»\
PEARS— Eartletts $1@1 15 per box for
wrapped stock: in bulk. $25@30 per ton for
No. 1 and 35050c per box for No. 2.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 40@65c: carriers.
r.CtiCOc; open boxes. <£@S5c; lug boxes, $1@
1 25.
PLUMS AND PRUNES — »0S65o per crate
and 25@40c per small box; Plums In bulk. $7 50
@20 per. ton.
NECTARINES— 75c@$l per crate for red
and 50i_t6Oc for white
FIGS — 80c©n SO per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes $1®1 50 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 25@50c per box; Watermelons,
$5@-25 per -hundred.
GRAPES — Seedless. 60@75c per small box or
crate; Tokay, S5c3$l per crate and 75c@$l 25
for open boxes; Sweetwater, 40@60c per crate
and 75c@$l for open boxes; other varieties,
60®75c per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 B0©2 75 per
box for Valenclas; Lemons, $2 25#2 75 for
fancy. $1 2S@1 75 for choice and 75c©$l 25 for
standard; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50 per case;
Bananas, $1 50®3 per bunch for Central Ameri
can and 75c@31 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$1 2S@_t per dozen. •^-•Y-
Dried Fruits } Njiits,Raisins,Honey.
FRUITS— New crop — Apricots. 7%S9^c;
Peaches. 5%©7%c per lb; Pears. 6®9%c; Figs.
2-crown bricks, 62%c; 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown,
C5c; 6-crown 75c; bulk wblte, Z^QZVtC black.
4c. Old crop^-Evaporated Apples. 6>.@7%c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. l%@2Uc for the four
sizes.
RaISINS— Association f. o. b. price* Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 3-crown,
Sc; 2-crown 2*4c- Malaga, loose. 3-crown.
2%c; 2-crown, 2"4c; seedless Sultanas. 3o;
seedless Muscatels. 2&c; Seeded Raisins. 16-oa
cartons fancy 4%c; choice. 4e: 12-oz cartons,
fancy. 3%c; choice, 3V4c i>er lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 1314314c;
No. 2 Ili4@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13i?13i4c;
No. 2.' ligilHc; Almonds. 13^i®13»ic for new
Nonpariels. 12ii@12 1 !ic for I X U 12@12*4c for
Ne Plus Ultra; Peanuts. C@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans ll©13c; Cccoanuts $4 5003.
HONEY— Comb. lH_@13c for white and mg
. lie for amber; water white extracted. 3%t>
< ev,c; light amber extracted. 5®6c; dark, 3^.©
4Kc.
BEESWAX— 27@2Dc per lb.
Provisions.
Quotations show no further change and the
market ccpuinues dull and devoid of feature.
Brokers' wires from Chicago yesterday said:
"It is the same dull and dragging market that
we have noted for some time past. Of course,
the movement of Hogs and the packing Is very
much restricted by the strike, but in the mean
time there ts no good support to the market.
The tendency seems lower."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10%_e per lb for
heavy lie for light medium, 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 17c for sugar-
I cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c: Call*
I fomla Hams 13c; Mess Beef. $lft@10 50 per
I bbl; extra Mess $11011 50; Family. $12^12 5O;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50: extra clear. $24;
Mess $18; Dry Salted Pork. 9%c; Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*£e per lb for
compound and 9*^c for pure; half -barrels,
pure, 9?ic; 10-lb tins. 10*..c; 5-lb tins. lOftc;
3-lb tins. 10*4c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8*$e; three
half barrels. 8Vic: one tierce. S^4c; two tierces.
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, fallow, Wool and Hops.
A sale of new 1904 Tolo County Hops at
25c per lb Is reported. They were choice.
Mail advices from New York say of crop pros
pects: "The present outlook for the 1904 coast
crop Is 2C0.0CO bales. Oregon being estimated
at 100,000 bales, California 60,000 bales and j
Washington 40, COO bales; others of the trade,
however consider these figures excessive and
look for a crop of about 1S0.C00 bales. Ad
vices received from up the State continued fa
vorable and most of the trade look for a State
crop fully 25 per cent larger than last year.
Cable advices were received from England
giving rather better prospects for the crop,
which promises to yield from 400.000 to 420.000
cwt. The market for 1903 Hops held firm,
with a limited demand from brewers."
Of Wool a local firm says: "Spring shear
ings are pretty well marketed and at present
there Is very little business. The outlook for
fall clipping Is good and prices will be strong
tinder comparatively light stocka. Boston re
ports a strong market, with domestic grades
firmly held an* In light supply."
HIDES AND SKINS — Culla and brands sell
about %fnc under quotations. • Heavy salted
steers. 10c: medium, 9c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8*4e for light;
Stags 6c: Salted Kip. 9i_c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf lie: dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c;
dry Calf lSc: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c
each; short Wool. 4MJC5c each; medium. 70#
I 90c- long' Wool. $1«1 50: Horse Hldea. salt.
$2 75 for large and $2@'2 50 for medium. $1 25
ei 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry $1 75 for larse and $1 50 for medium. $1®
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins —
Dry Mexican 30c; dry salmi Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras 75c* extra large do. $1 25; large and
smooth 50c: medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4@4V4c per lb;
No 2 3Uc: grease. 2Hi?3c.
¦\YOOL— Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
clno 17®19c: San Joaquin and Southern. 12
months' 10®12e; do 7 months*. 9011c per lb;
Middle Counties. 13®17c for free and 12@15c
for defective; Northern. l&@18c for free and
14«316c for defective; Nevada. 13@16c. accord-
Ing to condition.
HOPS^ — Sale of choice new Yolo County Hops
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5®6V_e for Steers and 4©5o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 5@7c; small. 7@8e per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7©Sc; Ewes. 6}_©7e
per lb.
LAMB— 9@9%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6I4SSHC per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 7H@7%c: Cows and
Heifers. 5V.®Ri4c: thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@4%c per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@3%c; Ewes, 3ff3%o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50®2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. -4»ii£>4%c;
200 to 250 lbs, 4%c: 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
I over 250 lbs. 4V^c; soft Hogs, nominal; Sows.
i 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent oft. and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. $5 15*33 25; San Quen
tln. $4 75; Wool Bags. 30@32c; Fleece Twine.
7%c; Fruit Bags. 6%@7%c for white and 7c
for brown Jute.
COAL — Wellington. SS per ton; New We'.ling
! ton $8; Seattle. $G 50; Bryant. $6 60: Beaver
Hill. 85 60; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsead. $7: Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
, Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 60; Cannel. $S 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50013
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
, per long ton. according to brand. -, •
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
; add 6c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
¦ 65c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases No. 1, 70c;
. Bakers' AA. cases. $1 1001 12;.Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut, cases.
' 65@S0c per gallon: Cocoanut OH. In barrels.
' BSc for Ceylon and Sic for Australian: extra
1 bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
. Oil. 67c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. C5c;
pure 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
; C3c: light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw
, Fish Oil 35c: boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
; Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL — Water Wplte Coal Oil. tn bulk.
13c;. Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%c: Astral. 19H?:
', Star. 19*4c: Extra Star, 21c; EJalne. 26c; Eo
cene, 23c; Decdorized Stove Gajoline, in bulk.
¦ 16c; in cases. 22%c: Benzine, in bujk, 13c; in
; cases, 19*4c: SG- degree Gasoline, in bulk. 25c;
J In cases. 31c.
I TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
1 RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lfal'TUO
Miscellaneous Markets.
. Flour Shipments in July.
•The foMowir._r shows the *h'.prner.t» of flour
sjfc ji.i San Fraiicisco by ees. In July, l£»04:
¦*^To — • • Barrels. Values.
China 70.17S $280,975
Aelttic' Russia <7T5 'jj.fSO
SCcrea «>53 «,34a
Japan 1* <s
•Hawaiian Islands 4.375 S0.O3S
•Tahiti 1.5C5 6.721
•Mexijo 1CS> 651 j
Central. America ».21« 37.711 ,
r^ a _ ::::::::::: C S fS
r ..::::::::::::::::::: 2 tp 1O 1|
° Total* 95.393 $3S6.281
In July 1S03. the exports were 5S.92S bar
re's val-»d «'. t22$,7S5. la that month 24.
641 barrel* went ta China ar.d 11.413 to Japan, j
Tt,r *hlpmT5ts to the Orient were unusually
Ifceavy last mcRh. :
&ank of Italy.
Tb* rTIrectori of the new banking Institution
*r»ctT.:ly rxorocrated as the Italian Bank of
C^llfrrr.l*. have dcclJed to chare* its name to
3 . : . I»3lv !r order to obviate confusion
¦r.tJi the name of any other local bank.
Weather -Report.
T<i£Ota MeriSiar.. Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 10—5 p. m.
0 The. fallowing rcax'.rcum ar.d minimum tem-
V»ratur*e are r^rorted for the previous day:
_V,-«t*>-! 7O-5« New Orleans S6-72
Cind»ftn»tl S«-72 Philadelphia 76-«6
Jacksonville *6-72 Washington 76-70
.Ft. I»er_is M-'-SNew York 76-64
1 . C " -BAN FRANCISCO 5S-52
. THE COAST RECORI>.
" "• = s s i 5 *=
1 fS si ~1 U a
FTATIONS. ~ «|li 33 ?** i
f B '' \ ? ? 1 I
Baker ».P0 50 €0 If Tt.Cldy .M
Carson 29.84 R4 M W Clear .00
Eureka 30.06 tS 62 NW Oear .00
Fresno 29.^0 J»8 fA NW Oar .00
EH. FaraIl0Ti.29.I»« 55 f.2 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff £».M ;« 90 S Pt Cldy .46
"Pr>rate!lo CK
Xnderwndene* .*t5>.7»l V2 «« BE Clear .00
*Loa AnB«"les.._S.84 F4 «2 SW Clear .00
Sit MamaipaiF29.fl3 72 SS W Clear .00
° Head. .30.16 5*5 152 - NW Clear .00
l'bo«T.!x. 29.es 106 7S S Clear .00
ft fteye* Lt.. 29.91 58 m NW Clear .00
Portlacd 30.O4 72 60 NW Clear .00
r.«I Bluff 23. *0 P2 64 S Clear .00
Bpseburg 30.00 80 BO N Pt.Cldy .00
Eaerarnento ..23>.S2 $! M fi Oear .00
Salt Like _».*?_ f-S 64 SB Clear .00
Fan yr_hcisco.29.9€ K t2 W Cloudy .00
S? L.. Oblspo. .2».S2 70 52 NW Clear .00
Bah Diego 29.86 74 64 W Clear .00
teatt;* 30.12 €« C2 W Clear .00
E;ckane 29. fcS S4 54 SW Pt.Cldy .00
TatooEh » 30.14 6S B0 W Clear .00
TV %:!a.Wa!la. .23.90 84 €2 EW_ Pt.Clfly .00
Wiruemucca, .2?. SO tS eo 6W Clear Tr.
T^ma ».<£ 1 OS 60 8 Cl*ar .00
T.EATHHR CONDITIONS A.VD GENERAL
. . ? "~ FORECAST. .:.«_:'
Crsettled weather continues la the northern
f'Crtlon " the valley of the Colorado, but
•rocditic^s are becoming more favorable for
JaJr weather. Thunderstorms are reported at
Hoder.a. and Flagstaff, with heavy rain at the
J_.tter _)lace. ,
Fair w«ather prevails In California and less
:-? .may be expected along the coast.
tar. Francisco is the coolest station In the
Vnlted States.
Frrecast made at Baa Francisco for thirty
fcoi/rs. fcnd'ng rr.ianlght. Angurt 11:
Northern Ca!lforr.la — Fair Thursday, warm
er; Might southerly winds inland changing to
aortberly. -
K Southern California — Fair Thursday, warm
er: lisrht westerly wir.<ii».
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thnrsday,
wtrrr.er; light southerly winds, changing to
weetertjr.
A. n. Me A DIE. District Fore-aster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
-', ;
For tb» twer.ty-foor hrmrs endimt 6 p. m..
:!"¦• r r-.-.r: '. . -. time. Ean Francisco. August 10.
CTATION8. 2g 5 3 |i 2? f
'• " * • • :
.-^orertale ... f « « •• Clear JW
•^Cr.iuj*, I S5 M .. Clear .00
j;ur*ka 89 62 NW Clear -.00
F?r*a» f»8 <W NW Clear .00
I-ianfora 93 «» .. Cl»ar .00
HoiMster 7S tA W Lt.Fcg .W
Ir._cV-*>nc« ' 92 W SE Cl»ar .00
KiBX City R4 61 N Clear .00
"Lt»-enn/.>re 87 T2 .. Clear . .00
Jx* Angeles 84 C2 EW Clear .00
Sl4ced W BS .. Clear .00
jvan J 73 «3 .. Clear .00
?:e*»-ca_rtle »2 72 S Clear .Of.
»Tvmaa 98 M .. Clear .00
F-altrrr-* 1 91 6*> •- CJear .00
r.;rter\11!e I<*> W W Clear .00
F."d B'.aff 02 *>4 S Clear .00
Iiiver»lde 5<9 <1 .. Clear .00
Faccarnvnto «! f.t S Clear .00
Fan" Pi'-EO 74 *> W Cl "*i .00
>sn Francisco r,s B2 W, Cloua^l .00
Pe- Luis Oblspo 70 Ui NW Clear .00
Pt_C'.a Maria 68 R5 .. Clear .00
Strta P.csa 75 51 .. Clear .00
Ftocktrm S3 <~ •• Clear .00
TA'iJlows «1 H Clear . .00
'~^wnATrrfcR. and crop coNDrnoNB.
'Colnta— Grape and pear crop excellent;
p/ures about half cron. /
vyi;j 5 w» — Crop •widliiont unchaared.
Hol!i*<tcr — Sugar ).•<+:* doing well; small
tt^tpH—'H»7 aad crain crop harrested; me
<5iurn trop.
N>«'*«an — Grasshoppers still bothersome.
Li,vcT7Tr->r* — Graptss turning color; will ripen
about* ufual.ticse.
Palermo — Peary about an harrested; crop
lJChter.'lban first excectei.
Clo\-<r4a.le-rOl' r e 0 " 3 promises heavy.
Merced — Kweet potato crop will be. larg«;
Ve^'crcn on markrt; new fruit continues good.
J.inx City — Vcsgy morebn.
xgajif ord— Packing and thlpplag peaches East
«!al!j • prape crop exceliwit.
Etockt^!— 5hlpn:ent cf, Tokay grapes being
*•_.**> t9 the Ea-t.
*_« nta' Maria— Threshing oats and barley will
-<___— 4__uac • to end cf "xostti.
.• ¦ . A. G. MeADIE.
The sugar stocks continued to n'll very
fairly yesterday and were generally firm, but
the other stocks were dull. Giant Powder was
lower at $60 25. There were no more sales
of ALiska Packers, but $123 was bid. *12S
asked. The mining stocks were Quiet." but'
business in the 1 Tnnouahs enlivened, especially
In 1 he afternoon. The oil stocks were neg;ect?tl.
Ex -dividend yesterday : California-street
P.allroad, Company, regular monthly. 75c per
share, amounting to $7500; Giant Powder Com
pany, regular monthly, 50c per share, amount
ing" to $10,000; California Wine Association,
regular monthly. 60c per share, amounting to
$20,125 20; Monte Crlsto Oil. lc.
The directors of the California Gas and
Electric corooration have decided to offer 8B15
shares of the unissued capital stock to stock
holders of record of August 1, 1904, at $jO
per si'iare. There are now 91.3S5 shares in th»
company of a par value of $100 each outstand
ing, and the proposed additional Issue will
Increase the total amount of Issued stock to
100.000 shares, leaving 5O.00O shares of the total
authorized capital of $15,000,000 unissued. The
$130,700 to be raised by the sale of the Sbls
shares will be used for necessary lar.pro-veaients
in the place of issuing more bonds.
Fair Dealings in Sugar Stocks,
but. the Others Dull.
STOCK MAEKET.
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 10.
Flour, qr sks... 10.322! Feed, sks 430
Wheat, ct'.s 3.3381 Hides. No 1.071
Barley ctls 11.927! Pelts. No MS
Oats, ctls 3.4 12i Leather, rolls ... 87
Eeans, sks ....... 7»j Tallow, ctls .... 311
Potatoes, sks ... 4,98.51 Wine. gaU 80.350
Onions, sks 416|Lime. bbls- 27B
Bran sks 30' Paper reams .., tCA
Middlings, sks .. 20O Quicksilver, flsks. 87
Hay. tons 1,222 Raisins, bxs .... 113
Wool bales ISO;
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 9.S40! ' '. 2 ?3 1 ; '
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... l,C00|
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— Speculation in
etocks was largely devoted to what are
known as the specialties to-day. The con
stant whipping up of excitement and activity
in one or another of these afforded the principal
sustaining inrtuence on the general list. That
this influence was not notably effective is
disclosed by the Ijtt of changes for the day,
which were comparatively insignificant.
'ih« waiting attitude ot the market was un
doubtedly due .ta the desire to read the
monthly report of tne Agricultural Depart
ment on the August 1 condition of the gram
crops, and especially of spring wneat, before
venturing on extensive commitments in stocks.
The Incidental speculation in the specialties
was apparently designed as a diversion for
what promised to be a dull period for the
time, lor publication of the crop report being
4 o'clock, there would be no chance for oper
at:r~ In to-day's market on the basis ot its
lniormaticn. Ine grain markets also reflected
the importance att-ched to the Government
report in the nervousness exblhlted for specu
lators committed in that market and their de
eire to lighten their contracts before the report
ehould appear. The realizing which carried
back the prices of wheat was largely attrib
uted, to this purpose, although the weather
in the spring wheat country was considered
better. Stocks derived some firmness from
this view. There was a continued belief in
the difficulty experienced In the Eteel trade
over the maintenance of association prices, as
was ehown by the persistence with which
United States Steel preferred hung below last
night's price, in face of the firmness of other
stocks. Good advances were made by South
western Railroad Btocks, which were fairly
attributable to the comparative prosperity of
the cotton and corn crops, as compared with
wheat. The rise in Southern PaciUc was im
pressive to sentiment, because accepted as
showing the protective policy toward the mar
ket of its controllers. The conviction became
firmer that gold would be exported to Eng
land this week, as sterling exchange continued
to advance, acd the London market rallied on
tfce same assurance. But the real Interest
of the day centered in the furious specula
tion in the fpecialties. The sensational ad
vance In the Metropolitan stocks was accom
panied by much published quotations from In
fluential but unnamed individuals, who were
Impressive in their admissions that important
transactions were Impending, but entirely reti
cent as to specific information of what the de
velopments would be. The day's movements Jn
Sugar and Amalgamated Copper were equally
mystifying as to their basi*. These advances
were not fully held at the close and the whole
market underwent some reaction, but the clos
ing was active and firm.
Bonds were firm. Total sales (par value),
$2,960,00-0.
United States bonds were unchanged on calL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Clo*"».
Atchison 11.000 78V. 77*, 78%
Atchison pfd 200 9«V4 SX54 »6i_
Baltimore & Ohio.. 9,000 85% 84% fc3%
Bait & Ohio pM 92
Canadian Pacific... 800 l^Stf 125 125&
Cen of New Jersey 163
Chesapeake & Ohio. 2.100 34% 34% 34%
Chicago & Alton... 700 40ft 39% 89V.
Chi & Alton pfd 80ft
Chi Great Western 3<V) 14^4 14ft 14
Chicago & N W... 200 ISO ISO' 180
CW, Mil & St Paul. 8.500 14?% 147% 148U
C. M & Et P pfd.. 100 17S«4 178% 178%
Chi Ter & Trans 5U
Chi T & T pfd 1314
C. C. C & St Louis. 600 76«i 76 76%
Colorado Southern V 13U
Colo South 1st pfd 4 1 "..
Colo Ecuth 2d pfd 19ft
De'.a & Hudson... 600 159% 159»_ 159ft
Del. Lack & West. 100 270 270 26C
Denver & RIoG... 200 22ft 22% 21»i
Den & Rio G pfd.. 400 72U 71*i 71 4i
Erie 1,500 25 24% 24%
Erie let pfd 100 63% 63>4 63ft
Erie 2d pfd 87'
Hocking Valley <$5_t
Hocking Valley pfd ..... 791Z
Illinois Central.... 100 134*4 134% 134
Iowa Central 200 18",* IS ft 18ft
Iowa Central pfd 35^
K C Southern .... 20T4
K C Southern pfd 41%
Louis & Nash 1,500 117ft 117ft 117ft
Manhattan L 1,100 151ft 15ft"»t 150ft
Metropolitan Sees.. 58,600 94% 8S% «u'
Metropolitan St Ry 82,500 125% 123ft 124
M*xlcan Central... S0O 9;_ »«^ 9%
Minn & 6t Louis .... 47
M. St P & S S M. 700 73 71% 73
M.StP & SS 51 pfd 12714
Missouri Pacific 12.800 94% 93ft 03%
Mo. Kan & Texas. 3.000 20 18% 19U
M. K & T pfd 3,800 42% 41ft 42R4
i Nt» RR Mex pfd 36ft
! New York Central. 500 119% 118% 11SV4
! Norfolk & Western 61H
j Nor & West pfd $9
i Ontan6 £ Western 2,700 31% 31 31ft
j Pennsylvania 6,600 120V 320% 120 'm
' P. C. C & St Louis. 100 64% 64% 64%
j R-adir.* 6,000 63% 11% 6.1 '
I Reading 1st pfd S3ft
Reading 2d pfd .... 70 '
Rock Island Co 8,300 23% 23ft 23H
Rock Island Co pfd 3.100 ed% 65ft 6C%
1 StL & EF 2d pfd.. 3,000 C9 BSVi 63ft
1 Et Louis S W 1.600 15 34% 14%
I St Louis S W pfd.. 2.400 . 37ft 86ft 36ft
'Southern Paclflc... 37.BOO 52«J filJfc 62%
Southern P.rUlway.. 6,000 25ft 25ft 25%
f-outhsrn Ry pfd .... 00'i
Texas & Pacific 15,400 V»V< 27% 28ft
T. S!UW 200 25T4 25% 25%
! T. fct L & IV pfd.. 100 3Sft 3Sft 37%
j Union Pacific 27,500 06% 95ft 96%
¦ Union Pacific />fd .... 93
Si*^*** 200 17% 17% 17%
Wab«»b pfd 1,000 37 36ft T.Cft
Wheeling S. L E 14%
Wisconsin Central. 300 17ft 17 « 17%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 200 39 V* 39 3$fc
Express Companies —
.Adams ••••...••... ..... . ... . **25
American **** 1111*195
United States .... "*"" jqj
Wells-Fargo **** 20°
Miscellaneous —
ATc^r/dry::: 600 M * 82 * g»
Am Car Is. F pfd. 77™
Am Cotton Oil 700 84% 3Ji_ 33i_
Am Cotton Oil pfd , "* XT'*
Amice I q V
Am Ice pfd 4C0 27% J •""iti 27
Ara Lins:ed Oil.... 100 11 11 10
Am Linseed Oil pfd 58
Am Loccmctlve.... R00 22 ofr.
Am Locomotive pfd 100 ' 88% I«a? bo
Am Smelt & Rfng. 10.700 &n% 5*2 50
Am S & R Pf<l 1.000 lOOlI 100 10034
Ara Scgar Refng.. 29.100 134% ___»* 103a?
¦Anaconda Mln Co. 3U0 7a'.. 72 t*
Brooklyn fit T...... 2S.800 6354 K« in
Colo Putt & Iron.-. 200 ::m± *>*4t? \-
Consolldat-d Gas.. 4,100 106« 193 insv
Com Products ,1?
(Com Products pfd. BOO Oflft . C6 65V4
Distillers' -Secur. .. 200 22ft __«_ ™>{?
J General Electric .. 100 1C2% 1C2% Mlti
(Inter Paper........ ..... u j
Intjr Paper pfd .... .... 70
Irter Pump ».... • .... .... 3_i_
Inter Pump pfd...'. ..... .... .... 70
National Lead 500 21ft 21ft 2i«_
North American .. 100 . * 87 87 85 u
Pacific Mali ' 6OO 2fl«_ 26% 26U
People. Gas 8.300 102% 10lft-lC3-
New York Stock Market.
damage In the Northwest since the first of the s
month. The situation teems at the moment 1
to Invlt* conservatism in operating." «
This market was quiet and easy, both for 1
cash grain and futures, though quotations were <
not materially changed. . t
CASH WHEAT. <
California Club, ?1 87^01 42^5 California l
White Australian, $1 55@1 57%; Northern *
Club. $1 37%@1 42^; Northern Bluestem. \
?1 52%@1 55 per ctl. \
FUTURES. *
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. t
Open. High. Low. Close, i
December ...$1 44*i 51 45 $1 44% $1 45,v j
2 p. m. Session. 1
December— $1 45>4. . 1
"BARLEY— Futures were rather firmer, but *
the cash grain was weak, with $1 08% as the *
top of the general market, though there was *
a sale of choice Feed at $1 10. In the pen ,
holders of long lines of Barley tried to take '
profits on the rise, but were not allowed- by i J
the bulls to do so. The shorts arc not cover- j '
lag at present prices. Trading in futures was 1 '
much lighter than of late. Buying in the In- j
terior is still going on. though it is slackening J ,
off lomewhat In the Sacramento Valley. )'
CASH BARLEY. <
Feed, $1 06@l 10; new Brewing and Bhlp- ;
ping. $1 12&©1 1VA: Chevalier. *1 17H©1 30 j
per ctl. i <
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 ft. ro. '
Open. High. Low. Clo»». 1
December ...$1 09 % $1 10 " $1 09% $1 09%
2 p. m. Session.
December— ?1 09%.
OATS — The situation shows no further change 1
worthy of note. The market la well held at j
the quotations.
White. $1 40@l 45; Surprise. $1 4501 GO; •
Red. $1 27'i®l 35 for feed and $1 35@1 40 for ]
seed; Black. $1 25@1 35 for feed and $1 4C®
1 45 for seed. I
COR-N — Previous conditions rule and quo- ;
tations show no further variation.
Western sacked, $1 47%@1 50 for Yellow and 1
White and $1 45&1 47% for Mixed; California (
large Yellow, $1 50® 1 C7^; small round do.
$1 55@1 60; White, nominal; Egyptian. $1 30® 1
1 S5 for White and $1 25®1 30 for Brown.
KYE — $1 25®1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75@2 per ctl. ;
Flour and Millstuifs.
______ ;
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 600 j
4 90, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 80:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5®4 25 .
per bbl.
MILLSTUFF8 — Prices In packages are as
follow*: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; !
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 SO; extra cream do, $4 25; \
Oat Groats. $4 80; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck- '
wheat Flour. $4 CO04 75; Cracked Wheat. »4;
Farina, $4 SO; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75:
Rolled Oats, bbls $7 25®8 60; In sacks. $6 759
8 10; Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 CO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs. •
The millers continue to ''report steady to
firm markets for Bran and Middlings.
Somers & Co. in their circular say of Hay:
"Shipments of Hay have been on the in
crease again, the total arrivals for the .week
•Just ended amounting to 470O tons, or COO tons
more than for the week preceding. We note a (¦
somewhat better demand than last week, but
In spite of this fact Hay Is being shipped here
rather more freely than the situation war
rants All grades of Hay are therefore drag-
King, except perhapa strictly gilt-edge Wheat j
Hay, There is yet an exceedingly large
amount of Hay out of doors that must be
marketed before the rains, and toward the end
of the month we fear rather an unprecedented j
rush of Hay to market. Conditions this year
have been quite the reverse from those of last
season; last June the market ' opened with
fairly good figures and made a slow but steady
advance throughout the fall and winter. This
year the reverse of this seems to be the case,
for, although the market opened quite firm,
yet ever since the middle of June there has
been a steady weakening in the situation, with
a continually oversupplled market.
5 "Aside from the disinclination on the part
of many consumers to buy their season's sup
ply at present prices, we note a decided de
crease in the natural demand. On careful In
vestigation we find that there are large num
bers of horses turned out to pasture at present,
which materially lessens the consumption of
Hay here."
BRAN— $21022 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S24@20 per ton.
SHORTS — $21022 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $22 SO023 W>
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50@J2 50;
jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22823: Corn !
Meal, $30 50^31 50: Cracked Corn, $3 1 ©32; ;
Mixed Feed, $22® 22 50 : Horse Beans. • $3C® 40 j
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $0@ll. with $12@12 50 for ex
tra tine; Wheat and Oat, $Sfll; Oat, $7 50-9
11; Barley and Oat S7@9 50; Volunteer Wild
Oat. $7@9; stable $7@0 50; stock. $6 D0@7*50;
Clover, $7 50<g0 50; Alfalfa, $7@10 50 per ton.
STRAW — 10@70c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dried Peas are weakening under arrivals of
new crop Green. There is no further change
In Beans and Reeds.
BEANS— Bayos $2 4«@2 55; Pea,*-$3: But
ters. $3; small White. $2 95@3 05; large White.
$2 40@2 65: Pink, $3 40©3 50; Red, $4 25;
Lima $3 E»0©3 C5: Red Kidneys. $i@4 25;
Blackeyes. $2 15©2 25 per ctl: Horse Bean*.
$1 75@2.
SEFJDS— Brown Mustard, none here; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25: Flax. $1 90@2 25; Canary. 6%
©7c; Alfalfa, 15@15*ic: Rape. l%@2^.c; Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp, 3U®3^4c per lb; Millet. 2%
@3>4c: Broom Corn Seed. $20^21 per ton.
DRIED PDAS — New Green Peas, $2@2 25 per
cental. ':..•:•
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market was more active, particu
larly for cheap stock In sacks, which was In
fair request for shipment to various points
in the Southwest, but supplies were well up
to requirements and prices showed no improve
ment. Sweet Potatoes from Coachella were
selling slowly at 5c per pound, while Merced
lots met with prompt sale at 3%c. The de
mand for Onions showed some improvement
and top quality stock was slightly higher.
Receipts of Tomatoes continued light and
freshly arrived lots cleaned up quickly at im
proved prices. Bay Tomatoes are commencing
to come forward freely, but they are selling
slowly as the trad<> is running almost entirely
on the' river article. Green Corn was firmer j
for fresh stock, but there was still plenty ot
carried-over in. sacks to be had at easy figures.
Available supplies of Garlic were held by a
few dealers who were exacting higher prices.
Okra and Lima Beans were plentiful and
easier, while the other vegetables stood as
previously quoted. •
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river.
75cs3$l 10 per ctl In sacks and 90c®$l 25 per
ctl in boxes; Salinas Burbanks, $1 50@l 65 per
ctl; Watsonville Burbanks $1 25@1.50; Early
Hose, nominal: Garnet Chiles. 85c®$l; old Po
tatoes, nominal.
ONIONS— $1 10@l 30 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 75c@$l 25 per
sack; crates from Alameda, $1®1 50; from
Berkeley, $1; String and Wax Beans, nominal:
Lima Beans. 2fi2MiC per lb; Tomatoes in small
boxes nominal: large. open boxes, 40®65c for
river and S5c®$l for bay: Summer Squash,
25(2'S5c per box; Cabbage,- 75c per ctl; Carrots,
$1 per sack; Cucumbers, 25®40c per box;
Pickle Cucumber*, nominal; Garlic. 3Uff4'4c
per lb; Egg Plant. 35@50o per box; Dried
Peppers nominal: Green Okra, 40@65c per box;
Green Peppers. 25@50c per box; Marrowfat
Squash. $15Q>20 pe r ton. %
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market was liberally supplied,
with chickens and only the fanciest young
stock received any attention. Fryers and
Roosters were quoted lower and the top
quotation for the latter was obtained only for
small lots of the very best stock. There was
continued firmness In Turkeys, and Ducks and
Geese were steady at the previously quoted
rates Receipts of Game were light and prices
had but slight quotabie_.varianee.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 24®25c per lb for
voune and 18#20e for old; Geese, per pair,
$1 6001 75: Goslings, $1 75«2: Ducks. $4 50@5
per dozen for old and $4 50<35 50 for yoUDg;
Hens $5@5 50 for large and $4 50@5 for
small* young Roosters. $6JJ7; old ' Roosters. 1
$405-' Fryers. $4@4 50; Broilers, $2 75@3 25
for large and $2 25@2 50 for small: Pigeons.
$1 50 per dozen for old and $1 2501 50 for
"GAME — Wild Doves. 50<S60c per dozen: Hare,
$1 25@1 60 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. $1 50
JT2 per dozen. \
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Yesterday was a dull day in this trade, as
the retail grocers were out of town on their
annual picnic and the wholesalers had nothing
to do except to loaf about with their hands in
their pockets. The Butter and Egg markets
were both strong, however, with stocks of
choice goods well cleaned up. Some dealers
quoted Eggs a little higher, but most of the
trade found no change.
Some of the Butter houses are complaining
of the action of other firms In drawing large
lines of Eastern out of the Icehouse, cutting,
It up into squares and putting It on the mar
ket as choice California creamery. They say
that this is hurting the sale of California
creamery, as at present quotations it can be
sold In this guise below the California goods
and at a very large profit. .
Receipts ' were 21,500 lbs Butter. 000 cases
Eggs and 2300 lbs Cheese. . •
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 25c for
extras and 23@24c for ; firsts;- dairy. 19®21c;
store Butter. 15@17c; v Eastern creamery, 19 $_0
«0c- Eastern ladle-packed. 14@15%c per lb.
CHEESE — 9@9%c for , choice mild /new and
SfflSVic for lower grades; Young Americas. 11©
lU4c- Eastern, 10S15c; Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 25@26c for choice and 21@24e
for fair to good; store. 10®21c; Eastern. 20©
22%c for firsts and lS^__U9c for second*.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There were Increased receipts of Peacnej in
Chicago.
CinCAdO, Aug. 10.— CATTLB^ Receipt*
23,000. Dull to lower: good to price steers,
i ?5 20@G 25; po"r to medium, S4® 5; stockers
and feeders. $2@4 10; cows. $1 25Q>4 25; heifers,
52®5; canners. $1 6O®7 40; bulls, $2^4 25:
i calves, $2 oCKgS 60; Texas fed steers, $3@4 25;
i Wcsfrn steers. ?3 5CS* 83.
j HOCfS— Receipts. 25.C00; to-morrow, 20.000.
Market 5@10c lower; mixed and butchers, $5 SO
1 ®5 65; good to choice heavy, 5 30@5 55; rough
: heavy, i 90©5 30; •light. f> 40®-5 70; bulk of
sales. $5 3005 60.
BHEEP— Receipts. 15.000: sheep, steady to
lower; lambs, steady to lower: good to choice
¦wcthfers. S3 75@4 15; fair to choice mixed, $34$
| 3 e5: Western sheep. $2 5O®4 15: native lambs,
' $3 7506 30; Western lambs. $3 <5@6 25.
i Kansas City.
KAKSAS CITY. Kans., Aug. 10.— CATTLE—
Reee'rts, 7000; steady to 10c lower; native
I vteers, $3 7^«: native cows and heifers, $1 75
1 53; stockers and feeders. $2 25@4 25; bulls,
i {-• 25®3 5t>: calves. S2 50®4 75; Western '
! rt^ers, $3 75®& 50; Western cows, $1 75<W.i 50.
! HOGS— Receipts. 14,000; five cents lower;
I bulk ot sales, $5 15@5 25; heavy. $5 1035 20;
! packers, $5 10i35 25; pigs and lights, $5@6 .'SO.
I SHKKP— Receipts, 2000; steady; muttons,
S3 25®4 50; lambs, $45?« 25; range wethers,
13 60#4 50; ewes, $3^3 75.
Omaha.
OMAHA Aug. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2500;
3ull, about 2.">c lower; native steera. $3 "offl 85r
! rows and heifers. $2 75f 3 75: range cows and
heifers $253 50; canners. $1 25@2: stockers
md feeders $2 15(ffC 85; calv-es, $3@5; bulls
ind stags, $2@.1 . r >0: Western steers, $3@4 50;
ruxas steers, $2 50@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 14,500; market, B@10c
! lower; heavy. $4 90<£5: mixed. 54 95j?«; light.
! $5^5 10; pigs. $4 50@5; bulk of salea.^ 4 95@
i 5 D5.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1200; market, lower;
i Western yearlings. $3 70@4 20; weth»rs. $3 25
i ©3 60- #wt-s. 2 75'33 "5; common and stockers,
j $2J?3 40; lambs, $t 75'ire.
¦WASHINGTON, Aug. 10. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances tn the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve ia the division of redemption, shows:
Available c»«h balance, $148,863,000; gold.
$43,427,205.
Condition of the Treasury.
[ CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS. |
7%e per lb; "Wnlte Lead, 7U l 9"%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags?
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.15c:
Powdered 6c; Candy Granulated. «c; : Dry
Granulated fine. 5.80c; Dry Granulated. co*r*».
S.90c; Fruit Granulated 6c; Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bass only). : Confectioners*
A. 5.90c: Magnolia A. 5.50c: Extra C. S.40c;
Golden C, 5.30c; "D." 5.20c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50- lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. «.40c; boxes. , «.63c; II. A E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.90c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy- five barrels or Its equivalent.
actual business in bankers' bills at J4.8S45 for
demand and at $4. SMS for sixty-day bills.
Ported rates. $4.S6<3-*JS«% and $4.S9$4.S9%.
Bar sIItpt, BS V4-
Mexican dollars, 4£3£.
Government tonds, steady; railroad bondt,
flrci.
li"cll. street stocks firmer on the day. »
* Lncal stocks and bonds still in light movement.
e Marked advance in Mexican and Sterling Exchange.
•G&vcrnmcrA report indicates IV heat crop of 580.000,000 bushels.
' Jl'Jicat and Barley markets quieter and easier.
, ' cOats, Corn and Rye still zvcll held and steady.
¦Bfjiiis, Hay and Feed stuffs as before quoted.
. T<hihc~ more activity in Potatoes and Onions.
0 t P<w!try in liberal, but Game in light supply.
; -.-Fruit w-arkct well supplied with seasonable varieties. ,
.loftier cnid Eggs cleaning up and firm. Cheese dull and ivcak.
Provisions still lagging everywhere.
' '$alc of nezv crop California Hops ai 25c per Ib.
Vtitlle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
Targe Flour shipments to the Orient in July.
Pressed Steel Car. . 300 32% 32% 32 I :
Pressed S C pfd 74%',
Pullman Pal Car 217 '
Republic Steel 1G0 7% 7% 7*4'
Republic Eteel pfd T.. -43 ).
Rubber Coeds 400 17% 17 17 j '
Rubber Goods pfd :" 78%!
Tenn Coal & Ircn. 2,000 4J 43 i'2% j
U S Leather 7 '
U S Leather pfd... 300 83% 83 81 I
U S Realty 47
U S Rubber 300 19% 19'i 19 1 ** !
U S Rubber pfd... «00 75 74% 74% ;
U S Steel 2,800 11T4 ll?i' 1H« !
TJ S Steel prd 1D,2O.» 5S% 58V<, CSUj !
AVestlnghouse Elec. 100 1=7% ir>7% 157V 3 I
Western Union .... SCO 60 SS'ri SS% |
. , , |
Total sales." 40S.100. " •
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— No bond transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4Vi; > aaked 4%; preferred, bid
41 U. asked 41 5-8.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.-104H!L & N unified 48.100% :
Do coupon- 104 Si Man con gold 48.105^;
Do 3s reg 104'..! Mex Central 4s... 61%
Do coupon ....105 j Do 1st lnc 14% :
Do new 4s reg.131 | Minn & St L. 4s. liU'i ;
Do coupon 131*£iM. K & Texas 4s. 9i% ,
Do old 4s reg.lO6Vil Do 2ds 78%;
Do coupon 106% NR of Mex con 4s 7(J
Atcij gen 4s lO.'HilN Y C gen 3%s..lC0 i
Do adj 4s 95 N J C gen 6s 132% !
Atlantic C L. 4s. 99%|Nor Paclnc 4S....1O5H
Ealt & Ohio 4B..103i;i Do 3s "4*i
Do 3U-S JH%|Nor & \V con 4s.l01'_
Central of Ga Ss.lllUIOSL. 4a & partlc. 90 i
Do 1st Inc S3%|Pa conv 3%s »7% i
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lWj%! Heading gen 4s... 9!H« !
Chi & Alton 3%s. 73 |S L & I M con 59.UBT, j
C. B & Q new 4s. 97V4-S L & S F fg 4s. 82 j
C.M & SP gn 4S.10S 9t Louis SW lsts. 90% !
C & XW con 7s. 128% I Seaboard A L 4s. 73 ;
C. R I & Pac 4s. 71 Hi So Pacific 4b 'MM \
Do col 5s 82% So Railway 5s.... 117
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01% Tex & Pac lsts.. 115%
Chi Term 4s 73>; Tol. St L & W 4s. 72%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 65%) Union Paclnc 4s.. 105%
Colo & So 4s.... 8.!%| Do conv 4s 102% j
Colo Fuel & I... 72%l U S Steel 2d 6s.. 7S% I
Den U Rio G 4s.l00%| Vt'abash lsta 117T* ,
Erie prior Hen 4#. 09 I Do deb B 60%
Do gen 4s P5%|W & L Brie 4b... 61
F W & D C lsts. 103% Wis Central 4s S0%
Hock Val 4%s...lG8 |
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23! Little Chief 05 !
Alice 20; Ontario 3 25'
Breece lOiOphlr 2 15
Bruns Con 14iPhoenlx 11 j
Com Tunnel .... OSIPotosl CS i
Con Cal & V»... 1 10 Savage 18 J
Horn Silver 1 50 Sierra Nevada 17
Iron Sliver .:... 1 45 Small Hopes 23 i
LeadviUe Con ... 02 Standard ...."..... 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |u S Steel 11H
Call loans 2Q*%| Do pfd 85% •
Time loans 3@4%|Westing Common. "79 I
. Bonds— • | Mining— i
Atchison 4s 101% Adventur* 80e
Do adj 4s 94% Allouez 9«i
Mex Central 4s... 62 Amal Copper .... 62% '
Railroads — |Amer Zinc 11
Atchison 78%IAtlantic 8%,
Do pfd 96%!Bingham 25 J
Boston & Albany. 24S Calumet & Hecla.4S0
Boston A- Maine.. 163 Centennial 24%
Boston E!ev 140% Copper Range 54%
Fitchburg pfd 136 Daly West 12*i •'
Mex Central 9% Do* Coal 46%
N Y. N H & H.. 191% Franklin 7
P«re Marqu»tte. . . 74 [Grancy 2Tfc
Union Pacific 96V4 Isle Royal* 12%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 3%
Amer Arge Chem. 14% Michigan 4 .
Do pfd 75%!Mohawk 42%
Amer Pneu Tube. 3% I Mont Coal & Coke 3% I
Amer Sugar 13.1% | Old Dominion ... 13
Do pfd 131 lOsceola i>\
Amer Tel & Tel. 138 | Parrot 2."?
Amer Woolen ... limQuincy 82
Do pfd \. 77 (Shannon 4%
Dom Iron & S... S% Tamarack 8^
Ed Elect Ilium. .259 |Trinity 7T<; '¦
Gen Electric ....1C2 |U S Mining 21 v*.
Mass Electric 17%;U S Oil 10% '
Do pfd eSHlUtah 38% !
Mass Gas 33 (Victoria 2*i j
United Fruit 105i4|winona 7«
Un Shoe Mach... 50 | Wolverine 79
Do pfd 30%|
New York Cotton Market. .
NEW TOBK. Aug. 10.— Cotton futures
opened Heady. August, lO.OSc bid. 10.J5c asked-
September, 9.91c; October. 9.51c; November,
9.70c bid; December, 9.74c; March. 0.81c- May
9.8.1c.
Cotton spot closed quiet. Middling uplands,
10.05c; middling gulf. 10.90c. Sales. 180 bales.
Cotton future* closed strong. August, 10.14e-
September. 0.95c: Ortob«r, O.7Sc; November,
9.73c; December. 9.67c; January, 9.77c; Feb
ruary. 9.SCc; March, 9.83c; April, 9.S5c: May
9.SSc. •'-',••
New York Grain and Produce.
\ _' j ''¦'¦
,« X 5 W TORK . Au S- 10.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15,800 barrels: exports, 14,400 barrels; mar
ket Inactive, but firmly held.
WHEAT— Receipts. 20,000 bushels. Spot un
settled. No. 2 red, nominal elevator and
$1 03% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth
$1 21% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba.
*1 07 f. o. b. afloat. While somewhat less
active to-day, pending crop report figures,
wheat had a considerable range of prices, be
ing for the most part weaker, owing to Im
proved Northwest crop and weather news
end pcor support from outsiders. The close
was %c to I'/ic net lower. May closed at
*1 03%; September, $1 04%; December.
51 03%.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw firm. Fair refining, 3 ll-16c:
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 3-16@4%c; molasses
surer, 3 7-16e; refined firm.
COFFEE^ — The market for coffee futures
closed fteady. net 5®10 points higher. Sales,
12G.250 bags. Including: September, 6.35315.40c;
October, 6.46@6.. r >0c: - December. 6.6O@G.7Oc-
January. 6. 70c; March. 6.95@7c; May, 7.15@
7.20c; July, 7.2.V. Spot Rio, steady; mild,
firm; Cordova, 9%@13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Spot quiet and
steady; future* rather easy. Common, 4@5%c
prime, 5%®Cc; choice, 6#@*%e; fancy, - 7@
"%c.
PRUNES — Rule quiet ranging from 2c to
6»i«.
APRICOTS— Show no change In general con- \
ditions. It la eaid some business Is being
done In fruit for prompt shipment from the
ooast, but spot quotations remain unchanged!
Choice, 9%@10c; extra choice, 10%r§UO%c;
fancy, 11® 13c. >«"i
PEACHES — Are also unchanged. Choice, 7@
7%c; extra choice, 7%©8c; fancy, 8%@10c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10. — While tin was a lit
tle higher In London, closing at £121 5s for
spot and £122 7s 6d for. futures. It acted
easier here, with demand light, and closed
lower at $26 G5®26 85.
Copper continued quiet at New York, where
Leke and Electrolytic are quoted at |12 50ffl
12 75, and casting at $12 25@12 CO. In the
London market the metal was a little easier
closing at £56 10» for «oot and at £56 12s 6d
. for futures.
Lead was steady and unchanged at $4 20®
4 25 In New York. In London It wu firmer,
closing at £11 16s 3d.
, 8pelter alsn advanced slightly in London,
closing at £22 2s Gd. while locally it remained
, unchanged at S4 8T>@4 85.
Iron closed at C2s in Glasgow and at 43s nd
in Mtddlesboro. Locally iron was unchanged.
No. 1 foundry northern is quoted at $14©
, 14 50; No. 2 foundry northern, $13 75#14 00-
No. 1 foundry southern and No. 1 foundry
southern soft at $13 60313 75.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
to W%c, but declined to 53',4c. the closing
figure. The tone at the close was easy. .-•¦-•
Oats were firm and active. September
ranged between 33»&c and 34c, closing firm at
Trade in provisions was dull and lacked
ppeculative incentive. Under eorae Pressure to
sell September pork made- a loss of 22%c to
25c. Lard was down 10c and riba closed 2%c
The' leading futures ranged as follows: ,
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Sep^old^'.f.Tl 03* 103* 1 W% 102U
Sent (new) . 1 01% 1 02 1 0OV4 . 1 01
December .::::. 1 00% 1 00% W% 1 00
May 1 01% 1 02 1 00",. 1 01
Corn No. 2— -, v
Scpiernber •::.".. El-. 54V* 52% 63*.
December 49% 50Vi 45>i 50 H j
September' 33% jjf.j &% 33% I
8.SSb5^".% b lo" 12 37% 12 S& 12 15"
October 12 35 12 43% 12 20 12 22% |
Berber.. 1 . 00 6 b TT «T7% 6«5 6 67%
October 0 82% 6 85 6.5 6 77%
Shorts Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 «2% 7 65 i 67% 7 00
October ....... 7 67% 7 62% 7 55 7 55
.V, Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10 — Cash auotatlons were as
follows: easy; -No. 2 spring wheat.
$1 07i31 OS; No. 3. 94c@$l 05; No. 2 red. $1 01%
&l 03; No. 2 corn, 54%c; No. 2 yellow. 35%c;
No 2 oats 32Hc; No 2 white. 35@36c; No. 3
white. 33%©34Vic; No. 2 rye. 71@"2c; good
: feeding barley. S7c; fair to choice malting. 42
I @45c; No. 1 flaxaeed. $118; No. 1 Northwest
: em. $1 "3Vi; prime timothy seed, $3; mess
: pork, per barrel, $12 12%@K2 15; lard, per 100
pounds. $0 60@<i62%; short ribs sides (loose),
; $7 IJOfEtt 62V4: short clear sides (boxed),
i $.$38 25; whisky, basis of high wines, fl 23;
i clover, contract grade. $11 R0@ll 75.
1 Articles*— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22.000 8.100
Wheat, bushels '. 222.0CO S9.60O
Corn, bushels/ 3.*i9.70O 173.4OO
i Oats, bushels 698,100 98,600
i Rye. bushels.. 13,000 1,200
! Barley, bushels 9,900 10.000
i Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
\ CHICAGO. Aug. 10. — On the Produce Er
¦ change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries. 13®17c; dairies. 12<a>13c. Eggs,
6teady, 12%®l<5»ic. Cheese, steady, 7%©S%c.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
WILSON, THEJUCTIONEER.
UNREDEEMED STORAGE
AT ATJCTZO27.
Contents & flats; househcld effects; one u>-
rlffht grand piano and one square piano.
Positively must be sold to the highest bid-
der, without reserve.
WILSON'S AUCTION BOOMS,
813 and 820 MISSION ST., XTCAB 4ti.
THUBS3AY, AtTO. 11th. 1904.
*•-'¦ 11 o"clnck a. m.
ALL AT TOOTS OW1T FSICS.
•WTTiSOg— THAT'3 ALL.
SIXTY HORSESTOR
"4jf-"l i— I—
By order of I. V. Button, I will sell at Pub-
lic Auction. SIXTY HORSES, broken and un-
broken, weighing from 1000 to 140© lb»; These
horces are known as the double-square horses
and are the best all-purpose horses ever of-
fered for cale at public auction.
Sale takes place THURSDAY. Aug. 11. at 11
a. m., at J. B. HOHAN*S SALE YARD. cor.
1 Tenth and Bryant sts.
Horses can be seen at yards from Tuesday
morning until day of sale. '
AUCTION SALE— Ofnce General Superintend-
ent, Army Transport Service. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., August 10, 1904 — There will b«
sold at public auction, at 11 o'clock a. m..
! August 22, 1904, at Folnora-street wharf, a lot
of miscellaneous condemned Quartermaster's
stores, a list cf which can be s^en at Kol-
som-street wharf. C. A. DEVOL. Major and
Quartermaster. U. S. A.
£* Cheap-Must Be Sold *»
Carload of gentle, broke workhorses frotn
McCIoud River lumber camp at FRED H-
. CHASE & CO. 1732 Market st.. 8. F.Articles of incorporation were filed
yesterday by the Bank of Italy, the
incorporators being James J. Fagan
and ten others, who a few day« ago in
corporated the Italian Bank of Cali
fornia. The capital stock is $300,000.
of which $200,000 is subscribed by Fa
gan and $10,000 each by the others.
The institution is the same as the one
previously Incorporated, but a change
In the name was made necessarv by
the objections of the Bank of Califor
nia and the Swiss-Italian Bank to the
use of the name "Italian Bank of Cal
ifornia."
New Bank Changes Name.
Mrs. S. Rasmussen, whose husband
Is a veteran of the Spanish war, com
plains that she has been left destitute
and is about to be turned out of her
home at 1161 Sanchez street. Ras
mussen. who drove a beer wagon, has
been out of employment for some
time. Three weeks ago he went to
sea, leaving his wife and four chil
dren, the oldest- about five years of
age and the youngest but three
months. The rent of the little house
is overdue and notice has been served
on Mrs. RasmuBsen that she must va
cate the at once. She Is
without money and has no relatives to
aid her.
Is Left Destitute.
Good printing caused our success. Try some.
Edward Knowles Company, 24 Second street. •
PASSENGER SEEKS DAMAGES.— Mary
King yesterday eued the United Railroads for
$205 damages for Injuries sustained as th«
result of being thrown from a Market-street
car.
Joseph A. Cox, a plumber residing
in Ukiah, filed a petition in Insolvency
in the United States District Court
yesterday. He owes $197 and has no
assets.
Bankrupt Plumber.
Gilt-edge security against storm and vtresa of
weather in Gilt Edge whiskey. Wlchman, Lut
gen & Co., 29-31 Battery St., S. F. •
"Yonnc Corbett". Must Pay.
Justice of the Peace Dunn yesterday
gave judgment in favor of G. L.
Schord, who sued William Rothwell,
better known as "Young Corbett," for
damages to a horse and buggy which
was run into by an automobile owned
and propelled by the pugilist. ' Dunn
decreed hat Corbett must pay Schord
$28 75' damages and $5 66 costs of
BUit
Guilford Ball, Charles Schulze, Jo
seph H. Scull'- and August F. Cook
were appointed from the civil service
eligible list yesterday as Chinese
watchmen. This completes the force
with a total of twenty-two.
More Chinese Watchmen.
Fall hats. 1904, just, arrived, nobbier
tMan ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palace.*
Judge Cook yesterday signed the
warrant for the execution of Leon
Soeder, convicted of the murder of
Joseph Blaise, his brother-in-law, on
the night of January 10. The execu
tion was set for November 4 at San
Quentin. Attorney Salomon obtained
a stay of ten days to enable him to
prepare a bill of exceptions for an ap
peal to the Supreme Court.
Sets Day. for Soeder's Hanging.
The Cooper Medical College is ready
to build the medical library provided
for in the will of Pauline C. Lane and
yesterday through its president, C. X.
Ellinwood. a. petition was filed in the
Superior Court for permission to sell
the property bequeathed by her for
the purpose mentioned. The realty
to be sold is located at the corner of
Buchanan and Clay streets; on Wash
ington, near Buchanan; at the cor
ner of Broadway and Scott, and on
Folsom. near Main. The library is to
be erected on the college property at
V*>bster and Clay streets.
To Build Jledieal Library.
Ladies, Don't Be Misled.
Baron's Cloak and Suit House" has re
moved to 115 Geary St., next to Gump's.
Tailor-made suits a specialty. Your
credit is good. •
The sacred music was rendered by a
double quartet, under the direction of
A. L. .. Ar,Ugues." The singers were:
Mrs. E. Logan and Miss A. E. Artigues,
soprano; Mrs. E. W. Rothschild and
Mrs. M. Robinson, alto; Signor G. Cor
tc-si and D. Manlloyd, tenor, and J.
Fcgarty and W. Lane, bass.
The -works rendered were "Mass No.
1. Kyrie, . Gloria, Credo,' Sanctus and
Agnus ' Dei" . (Paolo Giorza) ; "Bene
dictus Trio" (Ganns) ; offertory, "Ave
Maria" (Luzzl), rendered' by Mrs.
Rothschild, and "O Salutaris"
(Giorza), sung by D. Manlloyd.
Among the clergy present were: The
Very Rev. Father Superior Pius Mur
phy, O. P.; Rev. Father H. Hamet,
Rev. Father Crowley, Rev. Father A.
M. Santandrew, Rev. Father P. Cum
mins, Rev. Father Joseph Sasia, S. J.;
Rev. Father E. Allen, S. J.; Rev.
Father H. Ayrinhac, S. S.; Rev.
Father F. S. Welch, O. P.; Rev.
Father McCue, Very Rev. Father Su
perior H. H. Wayman; Rev. A. J. B.
Vuibert, S. S.; Rev. Father R. m.
Piperni, S. F.; Rev. Father, J. p.
Heverin. Brother Xenophon and the
Rev. Philip Nast, S. M., chaplain of
the institution. ¦$g%&BSSm
The Archbishop paid a high tribute
to the generous purpose that prompted
Air. Le Breton's act. He also thanked
the Sisters for their efforts in the
cause of. charity. . |
SACRED MUSIC.
ARCHBISHOP'S ADDRESS.
His Grace Archbishop Montgomery
sain in part; •
a great purpose and when we try to senam^
ourse v M from that purpose we do violent!?
ourselves. Every, one to-day looks for a solu
tUm of the social condition, and some base their
ideas on the thoupht that we can be perfected
tiy legislative enactment -and education" anH
certain changes In condition eauc * uoa * nd
The social- problem will always be present
I do not desire to criticize California Sh«
takes good care of the orphan. 'but In other re
fpects she is blind: her policy is short tight id"
To tax. for instance, an institution like "this ii
Wcisfei&s.'fe to the hte *
Do not tax the- Institution that -will nurture
the little child and, teach it to know and 7en>
God: do not tax the institution that trains the
rising generation to the service: of rood cltfzen?
.Encourage such Inbtltutlons as .this We
shall alwayrr have the poor and those who are
rich and those who are intelligent and those
who are not. These differences in condition no
legislation nor effort can change
temn^ 3 f u f , com P ar ison with the
temple of charity in which that day
bv VJl Y * a * Sphered, was delivered
bjv Rev. Father Joseph Sasia. S. J.,
Tn ? i> a f dres t SJ " n e himself particularly
to the Inmatoe, said in part:
You have a threefold duty Flrit (n n~A
¦HM
buying dUe hlm Wh0 Eave thls »««n!flcVnt
The sermon, which was full of force,
telling . of the great and beautiful
temples of the ancient Hebrews with
At the home there is a beautiful
church, of Romanesque architecture
and stately lines, and it was "in
this sacred edifice that an im
posing gathering, including the 125 in
mates, assisted in the solemn exercise
of consecration, which was performed
by Archbishop Montgomery.
The Archbishop celebrated the mass.
Rev. Father D. O. Crowley was dea
con; Rev. A. M. Santandrew, sub
deacon; .Rev. Father P. Cummins,
master of ceremonies, and Rev. Philip
Nast, S. M.. chaplain of the institution,
was assistant priest.
The new Home for the Aged of the
little Sisters of the Poor at Fourth
avenue and Lake street, Richmond
district, was dedicated and officially
opened yesterday in the presence of
many prominent Jtizens. The institu
tion has been erected by Edward J.
Le Breton-at.a'cost of $350,000 and is
a massive structure and so : built that
accommodation can be given to a large
number of the deserving ' poor whose
credentials warrant philanthropic rec
ognition.
Attorney T. D. Riordan has found
his diamond stick pin. He reported
to the police on Tuesday night chat
while he was /vl sltl n& the polling
booths some one had cleverly ab
stracted this article of jewelry from
his scarf. Yesterday morning he
called at police headquarters and re
ported that he had found the stick pin
in his coat pocket. He thinks some
joker had abstracted it and put it in
his pocket.
Plays a Joke* on Riordan.
SPLENDID BUILDING ERECTED FOR THE LITTLE SISTFRS OF THE POOR AS f
HOME FOR THE AGED. WHICH WAS FORMALLY DEDICATFn wctpr
I>AY BY ARCHBISHOP MONTGOMERY. AND AN INTERIOR VI E^V YESTER-
The report of the City Chemist, filed
yesterday with the Board of Health,
shows that the spraying apparatus in
stalled by the Sanitary Reduction
Works results In the elimination of all
the noxious gases emanating from the
burning of the garbage in the crema
tory and as a consequence the odor
from the smoke is not any more offen
sive than that from common house
smoke. Investigations disclosed that
there were 2000 pounds of mud precipi
tated by the apparatus during ten
hours' run and analyses showed that
the noxious gases such as sulphuretted
and carburetted hydrogen were retain
ed in the water instead of passing off
in the smoke. : : . ¦;. .. r ,,»
Acting on the report of the City
Chemist, Health Officer Ragan and
Chief Inspecting Physician Hasa
ler signed a letter to the corporation
testifying that the spraying apparatus
was adequate for the purpose intended.
Hassler reported that the dairy of
W E Allen, at Forty-sixth avenue and
P street, which had been under quar
antine, owing to unsanitary conditions,
had been closed, Allen having disposed
of his cattle to Dominick Roberts. As
a commentary on the kind of water
used by Allen in adulterating his milk,
Hassler reports that Allen's horse,
which showed evidence of poisoning.
¦was killed and a post mortem examin
ation disclosed that the animal's stom
ach was filled with one gallon of sand,
several pieces of tin, a few nails and
some wood fiber. The well used by Al
len has 'been filled.
The Board of Health yesterday is
sued its "Health Hints for House
holds," over which it and the Super
visors had some trouble regarding the
printing of the names of the health cf
flcials on the front page. Although the
Supervisors' Health Committee
thought the printing of the names
would be too much of an advertise
ment for the medicos, the names of all
the members of the board and that of
Health Officer Ragan appear on the
cover It was intended to have Mayor
Schmitz's name printed, but the Health
Committee successfully opposed that
nlan Deputy Health Officer Levy,
?rom whom copies of the Pamphlet
may. be obtained, succeeded in having
his name put on the pamphlet, al
though the committee ruled against it.
The proposed visit of Health Officer
Ragan and Chief Physician Hassler to
Santa Clara County to Inspect the
dairits. on Information given by Health
Officer Simpson of San Jose that some
of them are unsanitary, was postponed
until next Saturday. v :
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
To Visit San . Francisco
Health Officials Approve of
the Spraying Apparatus
at the Garbage Crematory
SMOKE IS FREE
OF NOXIOUS GAS
No telephone message was sent from
the Morgue to Mrs. Jackson. It is be
lieved that the message came from
Cavanaugh himself, though with what
motive it is difficult to understand. •
Deputy Meehan explained that no
one named Cavanaugh had been re
ceived at tho Morgue. Brown, how
ever, viewed the body of one Wilson, a
suicide, and said that although he had
not seen Cavanaugh for several years
he was almost sure that that waa
Cavanaugh"? body.
It appears that Wilson was well
known where he died and that he could
not by any possibility be the missing
Cavanaugh. Immediately after Brown
reported that Wilson's body was that
of Cavanaugh his mother sent a cable
gram to Cavanaugh's mother in Aus
tralia announcing his death. Later in
the day another friend of Mrs. Jack
son viewed the remains of Wilson and
reported that Brown had made a mis
take.
Miss Elizabeth Jackson of 1714 Van
Xess avenue was summoned to the tele
phone yesterday morning, when she re
ceived the following message:
"Jim Cavanaugh killed himself last
night. He is now in the Morgue.'
'James Cavanaugh was well known
to the young woman and her mother,
Mrs. Elizabeth Jackson. He belonged
to a well-to-do family in Australia, was
graduated at an English university
and then became the black sheep of the
family. He was sent to this country
in the hope that removal from his old
associates might revive some slumber
ing spark of ambition within him, but
he went along in the old shiftless, aim
less, almost hopeless way. His mother
had been allowing him $50 per month
for his support, but a few evenings' ago
Mrs. Jackson received a letter from
her announcing that she had discon
tinued the allowance to her son.
Such is the story told to Deputy
Coroner Charles W. Meehan at the
Morgue yesterday afternoon by Mrs.
Jackson. Edward Brown, who was also
acquainted with Cavanaugh. came with
her to identify the remains.
MISTERY VEILS
DEATH NOTICE
Alfred Roncovieri, president of the
Board of -Education, was busy all day
yesterday preparing a proposed amend
ment to the charter providing that the
Board of Education be independent of
the Board of Supervisors in the prepa
ration of the annual budget of the ex
penditures of the School Department.
This amendment is on entirely different
lines to the one originally contemplated
by the Board of Education and which
provided for a special tax levy of 12
cents on every $100 of assesed valua
tion as the city's contribution to the
support of the schools.
The new amendment, if adopted* will
give the Board of Education the power
to prepare its own budget of the appro
priation which it considers necessary
for the actual maintenance of schools,
and this budget must be adopted by the
Supervisors.
Of course, in order to safeguard the
city against any extravagant demands
; which may be made for funds a clause
. will be inserted in the amendment lim
iting the tax rate to a certain figure
for the schools. The board has already
expressed Itself in favor of a 12-cent
rate, and it is likely that this will be
incorporated in the new amendment.
This would mean an appropriation of
$600,000 from the city, the State's por- |
tion being estimated at about $1,000,000 '¦
and increasing yearly as the number of <
pupils increases.
Roncovieri proposes to have the
amendment submitted to the voters by ;
petition of 15 per cent of the qualified
electors, and he has already received
assurances of support from many prin
cipals and teachers. The amendment ;
will first be submitted to competent j
attorneys to revise its legal phrase
ology.
"It seems to me," said Roncovieri,
"that the Board of Education is better
able to judge of its own needs than the j
Supervisors. Why, one of the members '
of the Finance Committee acknowl
edged to me that he was unaware that j
we had requested an appropriation for ;
the sanitary repairs in schools. If he
knew nothing about it, what did the
rest know about our requests? We ask
for so much, and they take a lump sum
off for no good reason. In New York
City they annually make provision for
25,000 new desks to keep pace with the
natural increase in attendance. They
are erecting fifty-five school buildings
there at the present time. In St. Louis
the Board of Education prepares its
own budget, being limited to a certain
tax rate, and the Board of Aldermen
must appropriate the amount asked for
providing it is in the legal limit."
Riordan asked for time to present the
defense, ard as he was to leave the
city last night for two weeks the case
was cc-ntinued till August 29.
The Judge, in denying the motion,
said that there had b<»en nothing to
show that Pen was not conducting a
legitimate business and it did not mat
ter who his patrons were. It had not
been shown that Pon had any connec
tion with the premises In the rear. The
evidence showed that Hutton had
given orders to arrest, without war
rant, every woman coming from 112.^
Dupont RtrceU and such order was
in direr-t violation of the injunction.
From the evidence before him a prima
facie rase had been made out.
Sergeant Brophy, Corporal Fraher
and Policemen Barry and Fennell tes
tified to receiving the order and the
two patrolmen to making the arrest of
Mary Duran in consequence of it. The
woman herself testified that she fre
quented Pon's restaurant and had just
eaten a meal when she was arrested
after leaving the restaurant.
Attorney Johnson mo-ved for a dis
missal of the citation, claiming that
the proceedings were farcical and that
there was r.o willful violation of the
injunction. He denounced Pon's resort
in unmeasured terms and contended
that Hutton was simply doing his duty
as a public official. Attorney George
D. Collins replied, contending that a
violation of the injunction had been
clearly proved against Hutton and it
was unnecessary to argue whether it
trcs willful or not.
• Strenuous objections were made by
Attorneys T. D. Riordan and Hiram
Johnson on behalf of Hutton against
the introduction of the order on the
ground that it was a privileged com
munication, but the Judge overruled
them.
Police Commistkraer H. W. Hutton,
'Special Chief of Police for 1129 Du
pont Etreet," succeeded in getting one
of the charges of contempt of court
against him dismissed by Judge Cook
yesterday. On the second charge the
Judge held that a prlma facie case had
been made out by the prosecution and
Hutton was given till August 29 to pre
sent his side of the case.
The contempt consisted in the al
leged violation of the injunction
restraining the police frotm inter
fering with the business of Jean
Ton, proprietor of a restaurant at
112$ Dupont street. In the first case
Hutton waa charged with ordering
several policemen to raid the premises
in rear of the restaurant on May 21.
It was shown that three warrants of
arrest had been procured, designating
the women to be arrested, and the
Judge held that this was not a viola
tion of the injunction.
In the second case, Mary Z>uran was
arrested on the night of June 7 by Po
licemen Barry and Fennell after she
had left Pon's restaurant. Captain
Duke testified that he went to Hutton's
office on June 7, as Hutton had found
fault with him and the men under him
for not showing proper energy in re
gard to 1129 Dupont street. In accord
ance with Hutton's instructions, he is
sued an order to Sergeant Brophy and
Corporal Fraher to arrest every wom
an seen coming from 1129 Dupont
street, and immediately after the ar
rest the arresting officers were to tele
phone to S. L. Gummel, 603 Valencia
street, who would swear to the com
plaints and warrants, which would be
returned . as if the arrests had been
made on these warrants. The order
was produced in court.
Proposed Change Would
Eender Department Inde
pendent of Supervisors
Judge Cook Holds the Pros
ecution Has Made Out Case,
but Grants Further Time
INJUNCTION IS VIOLATED
TO FIX APPEOPKIATION
Police Commissioner Defeats
One Citation Against Him,
but Jlay Lose the Other
Eoncovieri Preparing Char
to Amendment Increas
ing Powers of the Board
WOULD CONTROL
SCHOOL BUDGET
HUTTON TRIED
FOR CONTEMPT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST. 11, 1904.
Edifice Constructed for the Little Sisters of the Poor
Through Munificence of Edward J. Le Breton, at
Cost of $350,000, Dedicated With Sacred Ceremony
NEW HOME FOR THE AGED FORMALLY
OPENED BY ARCHBISHOP MONTGOMERY
14
-,,-^j. ' ,_ _-,;-.„-.^ I BALE'S.
'A Big Chance at Hole's To-Day
To get a better skirt than $3.50 usually pays for.
To choose from a bigger variety than is usually found at
the price.
SOm ?y O fuU 11 *Tt°i3 8 50 k ClOth# lD " Sht tan> B9Ven sores> Pj eated ud splendld-
Othe $ r 3.5o! COtCh tweeds - "S ht tan and red mixtures, with nine sores. At
Others all-wool, seven gored skirts. In gray and hln#» mirturM At ti BO
Every one splendidly tailored perfect^ nUe.^Ur? a^Syle^Ind^nfsh'you
wont understand till you try them on and see how perfectly they fit
and hang.
Hale advertising is information, an index to the store as an
index is to a book. The book's index can only hint at what the
book's chapters contain. Hale advertising can only hint at
what the store chapters contain, but this one cm skirts is un-
usually interesting to-day. We want to impress you with its ex-
tra importance. We think, if you need a new skirt, you'll be
disappointed unless you share these at $3.50.
Lot 15c Flannelette Curtain Interest
To Go at 10c Yard Keeps Up Wonderfully.
It's double width with a cashmere . 7°°° P airs to start with. Such
finish. What woman is not think- of mt y» pretty patterns, exquisite
ing of a new kimona or wrapper for ldeas - >'°. u w °ulcl keep us busy if
fall wear? Many of the patterns er >' P air was a thlrd higher priced,
will make pretty dresses. wonder we have been busier
An unusual buy for us— an unusual t^ an we have ever hce!n before and
buy for you. We hope there is enough that many are recurtaimng whole
to last all day. It hasn't been out be- houses.
fore. 15c quality at 10c. 75c an d $1.50 curtains take first
: place to-dav, second floor.
A 25C Bargain in 75c Curtain*— Are from 40 to 44 in.
~ wide. 3 yds. Ions; 5 patterns to
CUDS and SaUCerS choose from, either white, or ecru.
, - . , «*""» *» They are strons curtains, yet light
On a bargain table to-day. and airy In their daintiness; Just the
Regularly 45c and 60c values. Sam- thins for small windows.
pies of dainty Carlsbad china. Thin, $1.50 Curtains — Xine different pattern-
sprays and gold trimmings. Tea ters: some have small medallions in
cups, coffee cups and mustache cups the body of curtain: novelty weaves.
all on a bargain square, main floor. J1 - 50 Dr -
„. , £i1 Embroidery Values
Ftrstofthe - Promise Big Day To-Day.
New DreSS lrimmingS Seldom do women get such an
For fall are here. Just as women opportunity to buy the very em-
want them; maybe a little ahead of broideries they want and at nearly
time, but better that way. Women half-price.
won't wait. Every one wants the Take the Swiss flouncings at 3Se
prettiest, and the prettiest always Where else can you find as pretty or as
£r» fir-cf good under 50c. or even 75c yd.?
go nrst - Even at 15c — Corset Cover EmTjrold-
From those Dainty Persian Trim- cries that are 12 in. wide. Women
mine's. In silk and linen, with the Ori- don't need to be told they are worti
ental colorings, appliques, medallions 25c and 30c.
and bands, at 25c to $1.00 yd. To those » . -«,k^«*j :
beautiful spangled styles in medal- „. And J ° c embroideries at 5c ap to
lions. They glitter with all the colors $2.50 embroideries at 98c.
of the rainbow, at $2.50 yd. We haven't Plenty left for another bis dav
seen as complete a variety and as good * n v \f,,,,, „-.„ ±J1 * '
a collection as is here now. I ° ° a >: - Man y new patterns out
first time.
Autumn breezes have begun to blow ___ ZTZp
through tha millinery department. ' 7i37 **.
Hundreds of characteristic fall styles *5*b />/ 6<*\l&j?£*>
are on display now. No. not on dis- fE$T /&/ ;€%S3& ikdp^ P>5**r -Jtr'^X'
play, but here for you to buy. It Isn't nap Jsajz^^^ -^*»^ ¦vs^^^^sr^
a bit too early. The $3.50 hats will «^rw^« flflflo*^^
surprise you. In beauty. In value. * ~~~^m*.~_ m "zr m ?&^
$500 $500
Worth of the
FRESHEST AND BEST
COFFEE
DISTRIBUTED FREE BY THE
CALU
TO ITS WANT AD PATRONS.
A pound can of
J. A. FOLGER'S GOLDEN
GATE COFFEE
' WILIj BiL GIVEN FREE
TO EVERY WANT
ADVERTISER
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CAL.D.
Only one can of, this high
class coffee will 'be given to a
want advertiser, and none but
those presenting a- bona fide
want ad to the business office of
this paper on Thursday, Friday
and Saturday for insertion In
THE ,'ANT COLUMNS
OP NEX SUNDAY'S CALL
Will be entitled to receive this
premium.
. See announcement, classified
paces.
'_ j .^ jtw APVKjftTISEMEXTS.^^^
Our Clearance Sale of rr — if
.v In. compliance with requests, fl
&f^»«t.. ~* Ji FT J IPI^ from many who find it impos- 1
New and Used Psanos m^m^^ I
without serious inconvenience B
—Now Includes — ~~ and losst store wm . ** opcn 1
EnUrc lot of Iast shipment. Too bad to put new pianc-direct from factory, CVe^ agS durIngr ' cmaInd ~ °* I
scarcely out of boxes- into such a cut-price sale as this, but we have done it; we • this ' week. |
• had to do it, for we had not the room for them. It was a big mistake in having M
these goods shipped to us just at this time. ' '• — ¦ ! |
Upward of one hundred absolutely new. Pianos, and many more that have no more than a little scratch or mar 1
otherwise r.B new and as good as ever, will have to go this week. .Then our stock of used Pianos never was so large I
as now. Good old makes in used Pianos, many instruments you would scarcely know had been used at all 'have been B
mkrked down with little regard for original cost." Selections are being made every day at such prices as «135 $150 S
to J165 and S200; Instruments sold regularly throughout the Coaat at J276, to $300 and $375. Twelve to twenty dlf I
ferent makes to choose from. Payments of $5 to $6. $8 and $10 per month all you need to make. / fl
STEINHAUER 5SfcWfiiJ!ffl* SS FISCHER 3 S^^S WFFMANN 0^ of &™< «&i£l: I
Sf $180 a« -verSaui^^^gg' |KffcS&^K|
ii^^Stal'
iiiii^li S|^S| .^'^Sigsg I
KnKlor )C r % kacA (Th ' ur8e "^^ HouM ° nthe j
IIVIUVI %ft V^tlCldC Cor. Post and Kearny Sts. I
Your Credit Is Good.
Baron's great sale on cloaks and suits this
¦week only. 115 Geary st.. from 762 Market. •
Ye Oldc English Inn.
m Ma^on st Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules'.
39 STOCKTOK SiK-EET.
Telephone Main 5522.
All soods guaranteed.
Prompt service and delivery.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per squara .... 35c
Honey Lake eelebrated Mountain Butter
RANCH EGGS, per doz 30c
The very best — all good.
FANCY MINNESOTA EGGS, per doz.. 25c
SNiOER'S Oyster Cocktaii Saoca and
Tomato Catsup, per bot 20c
Regular, 20c.
GERMEA, per pltg 20c
Rfffular. 25c. *
ORANGE MARMALADE, per jar... 20c
R sX^s Cro ~ e * Buckwrr". or
CREAM ROLLED OATS, 7 lbs for.... 25c
Regular, 5 lbs for 25c.
ARMOUR'S WHITE LABEL LARD—
LUNCH AND WASTE BASKETS—
15 per cent discount on all sizes.
IDEAL COAL OIL, per 5-gal. tin . .Sl.tO
Regular. $1.33.
A high test oil at a great reduction
0. K. BOURBON, per bot. 75c. gal. S3 00
Regular. $1.00. Jj.oo. Fine old Rm
auantie^" 1 aSM ' E - Tccllent medicinal
A. V. H. GIN, large bot. S1.45, small 95c
Regular. $1.60; small, fl.10. Genuine
imported. Has no equal.
CABINET COCKTAILS, per bot 75c
Resrutar. $1.0O. Whisky. Manhattan. Mar-
ZINFANOe'lT RIESLING, per ga! 60c
Regular. 73c. Select vintage. Ask for
- : f. Catalogue.
y Defender %r (][(jj[ .
1 OnxKot»PMoro.SowiYCo. J Sjimn!P.
BEST DEVELOPING PAPER.
FBI2TTS BY GASLXOHT.
Sample dozen ABOO, up to and in-
cluding Cabinet size, prepaid, ISc.
SUNSET BAZAAR,
45 THIRD STREET,
¦.:- " San Franclaeo, Cnl.
rnimrD'gl CUKE SICK HEADACIIB. ,
uAHItKo . ¦ ¦¦•
SPittle Genuine Must Baar
MlVER Fac-Simile Signature
H PILLS. s? ~-^~ — * '
You may be thinking of us-
ing an artificial food for your
baby. Try Mellin's Food ; it
is a proper food suited to the
baby's condition. It is not a/'
medicine but a true food. Let
us send you a sample to try.
MELLIN'8 FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS