SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST . 4, 1904.
MERCHANT MARINE COMMISSION OF CONGRESS REACHES CITY
AND PREPARES TO STUDY CONDITION OF PACIFIC COMMERCE
4^1 ENATOR J. H. GALLINGER of New Hampshire and Representatives E. S. Minor of Wisconsin, Thomas Spight of Mississippi ¦ and W. E. Humphrey of
.I Washington, members of the Merchant Marine Commission of Congress, arrived in this city yesterday morning. As guests of the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce and the Ship-owners' Association of the Pacific Coast they -were taken on a tour of the bay on the army transport tug Slocum, and through personal
observation learned of the needs of the harbor. This morning at the rooms of the Chamber of Commerce the committee will begin its work of gathering information
that tvill aid it in its effort to suggest legislation that ivill result in the expansion of the American merchant marine.
LEADING MEMBERS OF THE CONGRESSIONAL COMMISSION ON THE MERCHANT MARIJTE, NOW INVESTIGATIXG PACIFIC COAST. CONDITIONS.
- Continued ' on Page 4 t Column 5,
Continued on Page 2, Column 2.
Newspapers Claim, Despite Official
Denials, That King's Sister Is to
• Wed Bavarian Prince. .
MADRID, Aug. 3. — Despite official
denials " the newspapers insist •' that a
marriage has been , arranged between
the Infanta Maria .Theresa, sister of
King Alfonso, and Prince Ferdinand
of Bavaria. *
SPANISH PRESS INSISTS
MARRIAGE IS ARRANGED
Unconfirmed Dispatch Says Explosion
. in Brussels Destroyed Lives and
Much Property. • •
LONDON. Aug. 3. — A dispatch to
the Daily Express from Brussels,
which, however, is not confirmed from
any source, reports that thirty-two
persons were killed near Arlon by an
explosion, which caused the destruc
tion of several miles of corn fields. -
THmTY-TWO PERSONS
ARE REPORTED KILLED
Try to Convert Judsc and Policemen
in Order to Free Two
Prisoners.
UEVIVALJSTS HOLD
SERVICES IX COURT
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— An incident not
In the daily routine of Justice Calla
han's South Chicago Police Court was
a revival service conducted by mem
bers of the Church of the Children of
Christ this morning. It was for the
purpose of securing the release of two
of their number, who had been locked
up in the police station as suspicious
characters.
When the case was brought to the at
tention of Justice Callahan to-day Mrs.
Hammond and Mrs. Emma Booth ap
peared In court, accompanied by about
twenty male members of the sect. Mrs.
Hammond declared the evil one had
possession of the Judge. Justice Calla
han said he didn't know it.
"If you believe in the Lord you will
let us have a Bible reading right here
and we can find out," she answered. •
The Justice offered no objection and
the service was commenced, the reviv
alists each taking a policeman by tha
hand and attempting to convert him.
Mrs. "Hammond declared It the purposa
of the sect to convert all policemen In
South Chicago.
After the service had continued more
than an hour. Justice Callahan objected
to further demonstrations and the two
men were released.
Soldiers at Fort . Sheridan In Custody
ARRESTS ENTIRE CO3IPANY
FOR SMUGGIiING BEER,
' for Bringing Intoxicant Into
Hgjffl Barracks. *
• CHICAGO, Aug. 3. — Chargel with
taking beer into the barracks at Fort
Sheridan, a practice they admit but
hold Justifiable In view of the example
set by ; commissioned officers, all the
members of Company D, Twenty
seventh Infantry, numbering thirty
five privates, and six non-commissioned
officers, ¦ were arrested to-day by order
of Colonel -Whitehall, commanding the
post. The prisoners will be court
martialed-for disobedience.
GERMAN FORCES 3IEET
AXD REPULSE IIEREKOS
Natives Attack Company at Okateitel
and Suffer a Loss of
Fifty.
BERLIN. Aug. 3.— Lieutenant Gen
eral Trotha, commander in chief of tha
forces in German Southwest Africa,
wires that the Second Company of the
Second Field Regiment was attacked at
8 o'clock on the morning of August 2
at Okateitel by 130 Hereros. The He
reros were repulsed, leaving 50 dead.
The Germans lost three wounded, be
sides two natives killed and ona
.wounded, ...
SENATOR HOAR'S DAUGHTER
SUMMONED TO BEDSIDE
Aged Solon's Illness Takes a Bad Turn
and His Condition > Is
Critical.
WORCESTER, Mass.. Aug. 3. — Sen
ator; Hoar, who has been slightly ill at
his home In this city for " two weeks,
had a* bad turn -this afternoon and at
midnight his , condition was critical
•His ; daughter was hastily summoned.
The Senator Is suffering from - pneu
monia,
The Discovery remained Icebound
during the winter of 1903, but left at
the beginning of spring and went to
New Zealand and thence to Falkland.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay. Aug. 3.—
News has been received of the British
Antarctic expedition under Captain
Scott, on the Discovery, which Is now
at Port Stanley, Falkland Islands.
The Discovery sailed in August. 1901,
and arrived at South VIctorialand in
January, 1902. There a great ice barrier
was ' met, which Impeded further ad
vance, and the vessel remained dur
ing the, winter of 1902, Icebound. A
party composed of Captain Scott, Lieu
tenant Shakelton and Dr. Wilson pene
trated in December to a point at the
82d, degree, the most southernly point
ever, reached.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright 1901. hy th« New York
. Herald PubUshinz Company.
ST. PAUL, Aug. 3 f — Northern Pacific
Secret Service officers to-day arrested
John Cristie, at Hope, N. D., Implicated
with George ¦ Hammond in the Bear
Mouth, Montana, train robbery. Gris
tle, according to officers of the North
ern Pacific, confessed to his part In the
hold-up and when captured had $700 or
SSOO and. some of the diamonds taken
from the express messenger's safe, j
Cristie, according to the officers, was
tracked from place 'to place over the
mountain ranges ' to Wallace, Idaho,
and then to Spokane and finally
reached Hope, North Dakota, with se
cret service men twenty-four hours be
hind him. Hope is the home" of his
wife's family and one of the officers re
mained on watch, expecting him to re
turn. He did return, and when called
upon to surrender gave up without
offering resistance.
Officers say they know all the men
concerned in the Bear Mouth robbery,
including Cristie, captured td-day and
George Hammond, who was arrested
In Montana.
Success of British
Antarctic Ex
pedition,
Long Quest of Mon
tana Train Rob
ler Ends.
Upon leaving the Union Iron Works
the Slocum steamed .straight, for the
transport dock, and at 4 o'clock the
passengers were landed. After thank
ing Major- Devob for the pleasant man
ner in which the company had' been
entertained, the guests departed for
their ' various hotels. . The • members of
the Congressional » committee were
greatly pleased^ with .< conditions ".as
they found .them here, and. hope to
gather many facts . that, will - aid > them
in •; their . deliberations. - In . the , north
they were given history, v not . facts.
Here they - want facts. : They, know, that
Balboa V won • his - reputation i in these
waters; 1 and < that.",, it - was ; he -that
christened- It" the peaceful »sea. This
information Is ,well r for;; tn^ poet,; but
. When the estuary was reached, the
Oakland people, headed by j Senator
Perkins, began to do politics. They
pointed out to the commission the ad
visability of cutting a channel 500 feet
wide and twenty-five feet deep through
the entire length of the estuary, and
asked that the- members of. the com
mission stand for the improvement
when Congressional aid was asked.
The members of the committee were
supplied with statistics showing the
number of vessels charged wharfage
during the year at only one wharf, the
total tonnage reaching 107,400. When
the Slocum began to churn up the mud
from the bottom of the estuary the
committee frankly- admltte'd .that, for
those that preferred perfumes to dif
ferent odors the deepening of the har
bor would be", a decided Improvement
and they promised to . remember the
situation. Senator Perkins and- the
other Oaklanders were gratified at the
business-like manner • in which the
commission^ graspea the situation,; but
if much comes of the, trip the " Slocum
must be given full credit for the part
she played as official demonstrator of
the shallowness of the estuary and 'the
unpleasant constituency • of the mud
that lines its bottom,
Upon leavi'hg the estuary the Slocum
was headed for the Hunters Point'dry
docks, where "the giant Algoa is under
going repairs, and then the. run was
made to the Union Iron Works, where
the first stop was made. This gave
Congressmen Livernash . and Wynn a
chance to show what San Francisco is
doing, just to offset all that Senator
Perkins had pointed out of Oakland's
wants. The best of good feeling and
spirit of co-operation • existed among
the California members of the national
legislature, however, and It was point
ed out ; that whatever Oakland wants,
San Francisco is with her, and- if , San
Francisco wants something/ Oakland
will aid her to get it. This was the
spirit expressed by both Livernash and
Wynn for San Francisco ; and '¦ Senator
Perkins, for his home section.
SLOCUM RETURNS.
of the Slocum from the transport dock
on- this side, and they succeeded fairly
well. J "»-:-"• •
OAKLAND'S WANTS PRESENTED.
Not a moment was wasted by Major
Devol when it was announced that all
were on board and the Slocum rwung
quickly out into the stream and at noon
was plowing 'the; waters of the Gold
en Gate. Here the vessel emerged from
the gray gloom " that spread over the
city and a true California day was at
hand, the warm sun raising the spirits
of all. Off the shore of gausalito
glasses began to clink and when Belve
dere was reached ¦?*-- «*uests weie all
called to the stern of the vessel, under
the spreading canopy of canvas, to en
joy, luncheon. While dining the guests
were given a. view of Angel Island and
the shores ' of Berkeley. Goat Island
was next viewed and then the Slocum
was turned - toward • the Oakland ' estu
ary.' The screeching of the whistles of
factories and -' ships • at* the docks ; was
appreciated ' • by " the commission. ; Its
members spoke of the loyalty. to-coun
try and general ; enthusiasm they ' had
seen displayed • here. Every ship on
both sides of. the bay had. been decorat
ed In | honor [ of ; the commission's
and; no. boat -master was afraid of wast
ing steam In ! sounding, a 'welcome from
the 'brazen '• throats ' ot ? sirens. - Though
the ships : on > the • AJameda side were in
the minority, they did ; their : best to re
peat the din that marked the departure
The commission's tour about the bay
was conducted by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce , and the Ship
owners' Association of the , Faclflc
Coast. Major C. A. Devol, superinten
dent of the army transport service, ;was
In command of the Slocum and with
that fidelity to detail that has made. his
administration of, army marine . affairs
successful; saw that the boat was com
fortably outfitted and lavishly provi
sioned. ' ¦ '- ?•;
Shipowners' Association; R. • P.
Schwerin, vice president of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company; Frank Li.
Brown, manager of the Pacific Steel
Company; Captain Eschen of Eschen &
Minor; Robert Dollar, president of the
Dollar Steamship Company; George' U.
Hind of Hind, Rolph & Co.; Samuel I.
Wormser; Lestr-r Combs of ; K3ntucky,
Minister of Guatemala; A. M. Garland,
special - agent of 1 the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company; Captain Meyer of
the Shipowners' Association; Andrew
Carrlgan of the Dunham-Carrigan-
Hayden Company; T. C. Frledlander,
secretary of the Merchants' Exchange;
E. Scott, secretary of the Chamber of
Commerce; J. Kentfield, R. G.. Cpple,
Comte Hubert de Montaigu, lieutenant
of the Second Cuirassiers of Maubourg,
France; C. D. Bunker, Washington
representative of the Chamber of Com
merce; Captain A. F. Pillsbury, sur
veyor for the Board of Marine Under
writers; General N. P. Chipman, presi
dent of the State Board of Trade, and,
representing the interests of Alameda
County. Senator J. R. Knowland and
J. P. Taylor, Hugh Hogan, Edson F.
Adams, E. P. Vandercook. R. White
head and Edwin Stearns of the harbor
and water front committee of the Oak
land Board of Trade, and Wllber Walk
er, secretary, of- the Merchants' - Ex
change of Oakland.
TOUR OF THE BAY.
At the dock they were greeted by
Senator George C. Perkins and Con
gressmen E.-J. Livernash and W. J.
Wynn. In addition to those mentioned
there were In t!\e party the following
named: ' % :':_
Attorney- E. F. Preston; Captain. H.
Z. '.Howard, . superintendent of the
Oceanic Steamship ¦ Company; E. - W.
New hall of H..M. Newhall & Co. : Cap
tain W. H. Marston of Welch & Co.;,R. ;
S. Clarke, secretary of . the Shipown
ers' ; Association ; James < Jr., president,
and H. E. Pennell, vice president cf the
Upon the arrival of the Oregon ex
press at the Oakland mole yesterday
morning at 9:30 o'clock, the members
of the commission were met by R. P.
Jennings and H. D. Loveland, repre
senting, the San Francisco Chamberof
Commerce. At the union depot on this
side the visitors were met by other
members of the chamber and kindred
organizations and escorted to the St
Francis « Hotel. Breakfast over, the
guests were ( taken in automobiles to
the transport dock and were soon
aboard the' Slocum.
COMMISSION ARRIVES.
Four members of the Merchant Ma
rine Committee of Congress stood on
the deck of the United States transport
tug Slocum at noon yesterday and
looked out through the Golden Gate—
the portal of the highway to the
Orient. It was a revelation to them,
they said, and brought to them full
realization of the growing importance
of the West and the great part nature
had played in equipping it for the fight
for world wide recognition that Is be
fore it. . .
These distinguished visitors swept
the harbor with the eyes of critics,
looked up at the big guns mounted on
the heights of the Presidio and then
across at those crowning the hills of
Marin,. mounted higher than the steel
guardians of Gibraltar. That the har
bor is Impregnable from without, the
commissioners said they were sure and
a safer haven within they had never
seen. Words, they said, could not ex
press their admiration for this, the
great port of the Western Bea,
• Senator J. H. Gallinger of New
Hampshire, president; Representatives
E. S. Minor of Wisconsin, Thomas
Splght of Mississippi and W. E. Hum
phrey of Washington, members; Win
throp L. • Marvin, secretary, and Ed
ward V. Murphy, stenographer of the
commission, were the guests of honor
on the Slocum, with the ladles of their
party, Mrs. Minor, Mrs. Spight and two
daughters, and Mrs. Humphrey.
The arrival here from Portland, Or.,
yesterday morning of the members of
the commission marked an era in the
commercial, history of California and
their stay here to receive suggestions
as to measures that^wlll lead to' the
expansion of the American merchant
marine is sure to prove of great ad
vantage to the State. While here they
will learn of needs of the State other
than those of commerce and the cor
diality of their welcome cannot but
place them In the ranks of California's
friends in the halls of Congress.
PEIETRATES
FAR TOWARD
SOUTH POLE
EITRAPPED
BY RAILWAY
DETECTIVES
As Guests of Local Organizations Distin
guished Visitors Make Tour of the Bay.
While there is r.o exact knowledge
regarding the present ownership of oi.e
peventfeth of the I'anama Railway
B.tocfc fhat carries thirteen directors as
against the three directors selected
from the United States Panama Canal
Commission to represent the Interests
of the people of the United States, the
voting value of that one-seventieth of
the outstanding stock to the transcon
tinental people is an interesting cir
cumstance. These few facts, when
th*>y are understood by the people gen
.eraLUy, may cause the lime light of
publicity to be turned strongly upon all
Panama Incidents until the question of
contracts between the Panama Rail
way and other lines In restraint of
commerce and trade Is finally settled.
WANTS OPEN ROAD.
Concerning the communication that
President Roosevelt sent to the Pana-
vj Coupled with this news from Wash
lilgton" carries a well-authenticated re
port that the railway attorneys and
•lobbyists In the Hast have recently
beet} active. A email article that was
published some -weeks ago in -a San
'Francisco paper touching on the Pan
ama Railway was the source of con
sternation among the people connected
with the Karriman interests. Dis
patches were sent promptly from the
East to business men in this city ask
ing them to refrain from discussing
the- P.anama Railway and its contract
with the. Pacific Mail Steamship Com
.pany through" the agency of the news
papers. %
Soon after that a secret conference
'was arranged to take place in this city
between the executive committee of the
Paeiffc -Coast Manufacturers' and Job
bers* Association, representing com
mercial' Interests of the Pacific Coast,
and J. C. Stubbs and "William Sproule
of .the Southern Pacific Company and
R. ;P. Schwerin of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company. The parties came
together in San Francisco and were
conferring as secretly as possible -when
The Call published the facts, creating
.thereby no little sensation among the
co.nterees. ¦ Since then, although various
assertions have been made regarding
the ; railway situation on the isthmus
end the moves of the representatives
of • Harrlman. no response has been
made. Nothing has been said by In
terested parties concerning the fact
that the Panama board's representation
in. ihe Panama Railway directory is
but three out of thirteen' The trans
continental railway people have no rea
gon- for forcing- that Flgnificant fact
upo;n the attention of the public.
Involved in the opening of the Pana
ir a 'Rail way to all carriers by sea is the
entire rate situation on freights in and
out of the port nf San Francisco. This
Is clearly comprehended by the trans
continental railways that devised the
present artificial system to t!» up com
merce by f-ea ar.d to secure for them
selves the "}opx haul" Indefinitely.
THE MINORITY INTEREST.
AVOIDING .PUBLICITY.
rs:Van that for years to corne the com
ir.erce. betv.'een -the. Pacific and Atlantic
£<.£Loard will be tied up to the interests
exclusively of ¦ the transcontinental
roiuis.- The present contract between
t£e. : Panama- Railway arid the Pacific
Muil -Steamship Company makes it
¦possible '" fof the transcontinental rail
ways to force freights to move by the
expensive land routes and not by sea.
ft is to the interest of the transcon
tinental railways' to continue this con
.d-itkm'-of affairs as long as possible.
A Etror.g 1 pressure will undoubtedly be
.ejeercised by the railway people to pre
vent the throwing open of the Panama
"Railway" to all carriers zy Eea.
• •'Tills news will undoubtedly excite
ertat inter<^st. iu San Francisco and at
aji -seaports on the Pacific Coast. To
hii\w-k vote tKkeu on the "contracts that
irr.p^yso.much to the people of the Pa
cru<? Coast while the Government's
It: Ij.U majority • interest of sixty-nine
¦fc'eventieths of the stock Is represented
by a minority in 'the board of directors
or; the Panama Railroad Company may
"With only three Government directors
*ut- : of a total of thirteen directors of
tie" Panama Railway, although th*
•Vfclted States owns Blxty-nine-seven
-.tieiJis-of'the stock of the Panama Rail
¦yViiy Company, it is announced In a
dispatch received by The Call from its
ipec;al ¦ correspondtnt at "Washington
thai tfee Panama Railway directors
ciay take' up the matter of the Tenewal
of contracts with the Pacific Mail
'Steamship Company and other epecial
contracts, during the visit of the canal
board .to the. isthmus. The canal com
"thissioiitrs are . at Panama and will
lekve . for home about September L
Three of them are directors of the Pan
ama- Raihvay. ¦>. ¦ v
Many women, members of the
Women's Christian Temperance Union,
did not hesitate to express their dis
approval of the Bishop's course.
Scores of letters and telegrams
reached the Bishop from men anil.
•women eminent In the temperance
cause, pleading with him to reconsider.
his course in helping to advertise the
saloon.
At the Subway Tavern, however, the
denunciations by clergymen and tem
perance advocates had the effect of
causing a golden harvest to fill the cash
registers. Thirsty and curious throngs
began to crowd the place during the
early morning hours and the rush con
tinued until the tavern doora were
closed for the night-
Taking advantage of the fact that
this establishment.^for the time being."
occupied a prominent place in the put>
lic eye, the manager of the tavern
placed a big blackboard beside the front
entrance on which the following legend
was scrawled in chalk:
"Yes. this is the saloon dedicated by
Bishop Potter. You are welcome."
Passing pedestrians, attracted by. the;
notice and similar announcements dis
played in the saloon windows, formed"
into interested throngs about the front
and side doors of the tavern. The
soda fountain. which advertises a
brand of beer, was patronized by lines
of grinning and enthusiastic young"
men who seemed to enjoy the novelty.
Curiosity seekers, comprising all
sorts and conditions of men, thronged
the barroom in the rear, where thirsty
souls emptied schooner after schooner
of beer.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— By his partlcl r
pation In the public dedication ol the
Subway Tavern, a saloon at Mulberry
and Bleecker streets, the " announced
object of which is to lesena the evils
of intemperance. Bishop Potter has
provoked a veritable tempest of pro
tests, denunciations and criticisms
from clergymen and prohibitionists in
all parts of the country-
Bishop Potter is a trustee of . the
Church Temperance Society, whoso
headquarters are in the church mission
house. New York. Robert -Graham, a
leading temperance worker and founder
of the society, to-day visited the Sub
way Tavern. lie said that in hi3 opin<
lon the Bishop had laid himself cipen
to severe criticism in helping to adJ
another to New York's already .large
number - o£. saioona. • ."
-Many clergymen also objected to
Bishop Potter's statement that the- ef
fort to abolish the saloon was "one of
the most comic and tragic failures in
history." . . \
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
Abrogation of Pacifio Mail Steamship
': Contract Is Now Matter of
•:.: :/ kiding Importam
Meanwhile the New York Snbiaj Re
sort Is Enjoying a Tremenions
« Boom. • . .
ditennnent Has Only Small
-Minority In Railway
/' Directory.
fflrarebman Denounced for
Aiding in Dedication •
ol Tavern
WasMBgton Reports
r Say Commission
: Will Act
Flood ol Protests
Pours In Upon
Potter. :
CONTRACTS
ARE ISSUED
AT PANAMA
ANTI-RUM
FOLK SCORE
THE BISHOP
¦a:jm — T7XA.TH V.1L .
v*. ¦-¦¦ ¦ - •¦ -. >>
TorccMrt mad* at Saa Pxan
dcco lor talrtx novrs ti fling
railairtt. ?affust 4:
Baa rrtmdBco and vicinity-—
Cloudy Tsnzsday; brisk west
erly wind, with tog.
A. O. XoASXE,
Sistrict Forecaster.
TSCQ TH2&TEBS.
JITrtniT TTto I*aAj of X&csjt,"
aiatiae* To-Dajr.
California — "THe Buffalo Mys
tery."
Central — "Sersreant Jssrtes."
Columbia — "Mice and Hca."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fiscfcar 1 * — * a To« Watel of Cts
Tourn."
Grand — "S&enandcan.*
Orphemn — Vandevllla. lffatTriw
To-Day. '
Tivoli — Tie Toreador.*
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 65.VIENNA, Aug. 3.— While the as
sassination of Von Plehwe has result
ed, in a few sporadic instances, in in
creased repression, reformers and poli
ticians of all 'shades of opinion are
discussing it. The central committee
pf the Russian Revolutionary party
has issued a manifesto acknowledging
responsibility for the -murder of the
Minister of the Interior. It demands
the convocation of ,a representative as
sembly, liberty of 'the press and pub
lio meeting, the annulment of arbi
trary regulations against the people,
as well as of those against' oppressed
nationalities ; the cessation of war
with; Japan,; prompt measures for, deal-
Ing with the unemployed i and famine
Russian Revolutionary Committee Re
sponsible for Von Plehwe's Death.
BOASTS OF ASSASSINATION.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 3. — Owners of
the British collier Foxton Hall, which
was retained at Port Arthur ) from the
time of the first attack made by the
Japanese until early in ¦; March -and
which suffered damage during her de
tention, have; received compensation
from.! the Russian* Government.-.^ Tho
speedy settlement of the claim by
Russia has greatly gratified ship own
ers. ; •
Rnssia Compensates the Owners of
the Collier Foxton Hall.
CLAIM QUICKLY SETTLED.
LONDON. Aug. 3. — In order to
avoid complications which might have
the effect of extending the area of
war, Russia has made a partial con
cession to Great Britain in connection
with the Dardanelles question. Re
plying to British representations re
garding the closure of the Dardanelles
to vessels of the volunteer fleet intend
ed for warlike uses, as well as to war
ships. Count Benckendorff, the Russian
Embassador to Great Britain, has ad
vised Foreign Secretary Lansdowne
that his Government consents to waive
the right to send ships through the
straits during the present war, but at
the same time Russia makes no con
cession in relation to the general prin
ciple involved and reserves to herself
the right to take such action as. she
deems proper when the war with
Japan terminates. / •/-•
Notifies England That No More Ships
Will Leave the Black Sea.
RUSSIA MAKES CONCESSION.
ma Railway Commission, of which
mention has been made in The Call, it
is learned that the President expressed
his wish that contracts against public
policy shall not .be renewed when they
expire. Business men of this city ar
gue that it would not be public policy
to tie up the Panama' canal, when it is
ready for operation, witli any private
corporations, to be used exclusively in
their interest. As a consequence of this
consideration, and arguing along the
same lines, they Bay that it is not pub
lic policy, when the Government has
control of a short transcontinental rail
way o£ its own, complete In its facil
ities for handling business, to give that
over to 1 i controlled by corporations
that are operating in restraint of sea
commerce for their own benefit, and to
the detriment of seaports on both the
Atlantic and the Pacific seaboard of
the United States.
A Washington dispatch received yes
terday is as follows:
"The United States Government can
not abrogate contracts made by the
Panama Railway Company with other
transportation companies until April
1, 1305, at the earliest. Although it
owns sixty-nine-seventieths of the
stock it has but three of the directors,
and will not have the necessary major
ity until the date mentioned. The
three Government directors are mem
bers of the Panama. Commission. Un
der the contracts made by the Panama
Railway Company with the Pacific
Steam Navigation Company and' the
Chilean Steamship Company, the con
tracts expire by limitation on Septem
ber 10, 1904. What course the Govern
ment will adopt will be decided by the
commission before leaving the Isthmus,
jvhich will be about September L"
MOTIEX PASS, Manchuria, July 17
(via Seoul, Korea, Aug. 3). — The Rus
sians in their second unsuccessful at
tempt to retake Motien Pass early on
the morning of July 17, were repulsed
and forced back to their original po
sitions after five hours of severe fight
ing. They suffered heavy losses as
compared with the Japanese casual
ties. Three regiments were engaged
on tke Russian side. They were the
Ninth and Twenty-fourth East Sibe
rian regiments, which failed to distin
guish themselves in the previous at
tacks, and the Thirty-fourth regulars
of the Ninth Division.* Opposed to
them were one Japanese regiment and
one battery. The European regulars,
who for the first time met General
Kuroki's soldiers, proved in no wise
superior to the Siberian contingents of
the Russian army.
The Russians took advantage of the
heavy fog which enveloped the moun
tains. They began to advance at 2
o'clock in the morning and at 5
o'clock they opened tire, when the
mist was so dense that it was impos
sible for the Japanese to see them
more than 100 feet away. Major Gen
eral Okazaki learned of the Russians'
purpose to renew the attack on the
pass and also when they prepared to
leave their camps, but the heavy fog
prevented the Japanese gaining Infor
mation as to the Russian positions.
The Japanese were badly handicapped
until 9 o'clock, when the fog cleared
away somewhat.
The attack began on the ledge be
low the mouth of the pass, where the
engagement of July 4 occurred, and
the severest fighting was against the
Russians, who had gained the temple
and the road behind the trenches
there.
BEGINS WITH BAYONET CHARGE.
The Japanes? outpost companies
were forced from these trenches after
bayonet fighting to the summit of the
line of hills forming the highest ridge
of the range, where is the entrance to
the pass. This range is a half mile
behind the trenches. Half way be
tween the trenches and the ridge and
about parallel to them runs the road
upon which is located the temple. The
fiercest fighting was' focused about
.j,
CONTRACTS ARE ISSUED AT PANAMA
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
.. • . feAIl^S WITH CONTRABAND.
Britl*4i* Steamship Stentor Leaves Ta
. *. ' c<jma for Japanese Ports.
• TACO3JA. Aug. 3. — The British
• et]eajrnship Htentor, Captain Jackson,
¦ sailed to-night from Tacoma for the
Orient and Liverpool. She carries for
•'Yokohama 36,000 sacks of flour
"valuetj rit $36,000, and railroad iron
valued.a't JT0.500; for Kobe 9000 sacks
of flour, valued at ?8600. and a quan
tity of oats, hay and wheat; for Hong
ii<;.ns 62,7.00 sacks of flour, valued at
jr.&.CS.O, besides other frejght for
Shanghai, Manila and Liverpool.
A man isn't a knocker because you
Fa'y he Is. You may be a knocker your
¦ 'eelf.
VLADIVOSTOK, Aug. 3.— The recep
tion of the cruisers Rossaiy, Grombol
and Rurik on their return from their
latest expedition was enthusiastic.
Rear Admiral Jessen was in signal
communication with Vice Admiral
Skrydloff. for ten hours before the
squadron rached port.
As a result of the cruise naval of
ficers believe a check will be given to
British and American shipowners car
rying contraband of war, or at. least
additional burdens will be imposed upon
Japan by an increase in freight rates.
Officials of the squadron are Indignant
over the criticism by British and Amer
ican newspapers "over the lawlessness
of the cruisers," asserting that the
complete detailing of the cruise will
show that Admiral Jessen displayed
the greatest humanity and acted within
his rights and instructions.
The crew of the Japanese vessel
Okashlma were set on shore before the
ship was sunk by the Rossaiy, and
the crews of the two schooners which
were far from shore were taken on
board the Russian vessels.
The steamship Camara, belonging to
the Cullom Company of London, when
stopped was bound for Muroran for
coal. The officers Bay that she had
evidently brought contraband from
Europe to Yokohama. They allege that
she was on her way to Muroran with
the intention of loading coal for de
livery at Japanese ports or to the Jap
anese fleet. Although the Camara could
have been seized^ she had not enough
coal to get her to Vladivostok and was
given ! the benefit of a doubt and re
leased.
The Klobuniu, a Japanese vessel, al
though subject to confiscation, was re
leased because there were women on
board.
The British. ship Knight Commander,
when signaled to stop declined to do
bo, even after three shots had been
fired across her bows; and the officers
say that her evident intention was to
make an effort to escape, which in
itself rendered her liable under Rus
sian naval rules to have a shot fired
into her hull. She stopped, however,
at the fourth shot, and was fgund to
contain between 3000 and 4000 tons of
railway material from New York for
Kobe and Yokohama. As the Knight
Commander had not enough coal to go
to_ Vladivostok* Admiral Jessen was
confronted with the alternative of re
leasing her and allowing her cargo,
as he believed, to reach the Japanese,
or of destroying her. As it was plain
ly, in the opinion of Admiral Jessen,
one of the, extraordinary cases coming
under Russian prize regulations, the
! admiral assumed the responsibility of
sinking i the ship, although she was
flying a neutral flag. A high Russian
officer said to a correspondent:
"The irresponsible protests of the
British i newspapers In this case arfi
perhaps pardonable, but the protest of
the . British Government, even before
it was possible to know any of the
circumstances >. surrounding the action
of S Rear . Admiral Jessen, is . certainly
strange. The captain of - the Knight
Commander -does not deny that his
cargo was contraband of war." -
| .All the passengers and the crew of
Vladivostok Squadron's Officers An
swer Foreign Criticism.
RAIDERS WELCOMED HOME.
v CJi-r^naii Vessel Sunk, by Russians Was
' •"• Chartered by British Firm.
'. .KIEL, Augr. 3. — The Kieler Zeitung
• pa'yeihe German steamship Thea, sunk
l>>'the Vladivostok squadron, had Kiel
.; Tor <i home port and was chartered by
>svi [English firm, under the express
Xrovisjons that she vras not to be sent
: tp blockaded ports and that she was
-jyit.tQ carry troops or contraband of
' war..
- * • The' Thea was built at Dumbarton in
•¦3SP.S. was -of 2000 tons and was sold
in .1301 to the Kiel firm of H. Dide
ri<;h"se;i. *'-' *,
JvIEL THi: THEA'S HOME PORT.
.. General Zarabouieff's and General
Stakelberg's corps formed the right
wing at Anshanshan. The First Si
berian and the Tenth European corps
were on the left. The recently arrived
Seventeenth corps and the portion of
General Stoessel's corps which is not
at Port Arthur were at Liaoyang.
The Russian forces last night con
stituted a compact chain- in the form
of a E'emi-clrcle around Liaoyang, ex
tending from Anshanshan, half way
between Haicheng and Liaoyang, to
Anping, which is only thirteen miles
east of Liaoyang. Unless the bulk of
General Kurooatkin's army has al
ready been withdrawn north of Liao
yang it is difficult to see how he could
now do so with such great pressure,
the Japanese being almost upon his
main lines.
as portions' of four army
corps were engaged in the fighting up
to last night, and as these corps
comprise three-quarters of the
whole Russian army, it seems certain
that nothing except a portion of the
etqres and munitions have yet been
removed. Nevertheless, well informed
military attaches express the opinion
that General Kuropatkin will get away
with the bulk of the main army if he
linds the chances against him.
IIOW THE FORCES ARE DISPOSED
f From the beat information obtain
able as to General Kuropatkin's dispo
sition of his forces they were located
this morning as follows:
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug 3. — In a
dispatch to the Emperor dated August
2 General Kuropatkin says:^
"Our troops have retired from Hai
cheny, along the road toward . Anshan-.
shan." The movement was accom
plished in perfect order and the ene
my did not disturb us.
"The terrible heat has caused many
sunstrokes and measures have been
taken to diminish the equipment the
troops have hitherto been obliged to
carry by transporting it in supply
carts. There is no serious news from
the eastern front."
Whether a general engagement is
already progressing around Liaoyang
between the forces of General Kuro
patkin and the three Japanese armies
which have been moved against them
from the south and east the decisive
battle of the campaign fs regarded as
certain if the Japanese energetically
follow up their preliminary successes
of the last three ' days. At various
points the fighting has been of a des
perate and bloody character, the, Rus
sians offering Btubborn resistence. The
losses, therefore, although their ex
tent I is not yet established, must be
heavy on both sides. Between 6000
and 8000 men is one estimate given
of the Russian losses. All the esti
mates, however, are little better than
guesswork as yet and possibly the
Russian casualties may be much
larger.
KUROPATKIN'S LINES BROKEN.
The strong screen drawn around
General Kuropatkin's interior posi
tions has been driven in at all points,
Haicheng being practically abandoned
without a blow. The pressure of the
Japanese numbers and the failure to
hold the northern positions probably
rendered it useless to try to hold out
there.
It was plain that the Japanese sol
diers were possessed of much greater
initiative and dash than the Russians.
The engagement was a fair test of the
capacities of the two forces, and the
net result of it was that one Japanese
regiment, only three battalions of
which were on the firing line, defeated
three Russian regiments in spite of the
fact that another Russian regiment
was held in reserve. The Russians em
ployed their artillery much more than
the Japanese did theirs.
It is impossible to estimate the losses
at this hour.. Desultory firing con
tinues as the Russians retreat, and
dead and wounded men are being
brought In by the hospital corps. The
Japanese believe ftmt their casualties
number about 200. The i Russian casu
alties are undoubtedly much greater
than in the former engagement. Rus
sian dead are being buried all over the
field, the temporary^hospitals are filled
with wounded, while a few unwounded
Russians who had hidden in the fields
are surrendering.
The Russians made a hurried but
fairly orderly retreat down the valley.
They left behind them, however, many
dead and wounded men, a number of
rifles, drums, great coats and trenching
tools. A Russian battery took up a
position in the valley and fired a few
rounds to cover the retreat, and infan
trymen were brought up in good order
by their officers to the support of the
guns.
BROWN MEN QUTFIGIIT WHITE.
The white coats worn by the Russian
officers made them conspicuous targets
for the Japanese. The Russian firing
was altogether in volleys, while the
Japanese fired at will. The Russian
troops kept in close formation, while
the Japanese soldiers deployed In ex
tended order.
When the sun dispelled the fogr at
about 9 o'clock, the Japanese made
quick work of the affair. At this hour
the Russian line extended across the
valley and along the sides of the hills
on either side of the valley, while the
Japanese occupied the ridge from
which the pass debouches and the hill
sides on the Russian flanks.
One Russian battery fired upon the
Japanese for two hours and to this
fire a Japanese battery on the ridge
replied.
this temple, which the Russians held
for three hours, in spite of -a -rain of
bullets from the opposite ridge.
. The Russian dead and' .wounded
were thick about the temple. Five
dead men had fallen in the road on
their faces. Their rifles were under
them, They had been killed just as
they appeared over the crest of the
hill.
" There Is no truth in the report that
Von Plehwe's fate was decided at a
meeting at Geneva. That meeting
was a regular annual affair, similar to
those'of the past ten years.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 3.— The as
sassin of Minister of the Interior von
Plehwe is said to have made a partial
confession, in which he declared that
at one time he was a schoolteacher in
a rural district and was greatly inter
ested in the Zemstvo, for the curtail
ment of whose powers . he blamed the
dead Minister. He still absolutely re
fuses to disclose his name.
problems and amnesty for political
and Jabir. exiles.
Another manifesto will be issued
shortly, requesting the producing
classes to formulate their fundamental
claims and recommending the peas
ants to demand land, for the tillers.
Battle Between Kuropatkin's Force and Three
Japanese Armies May Be in Progress.
Trained Regulars From Russia Prove No Match for
Japanese Soldiers at Motien Pass.
• WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.—Embassa
.'dor" McCormick has cabled to the
Btate Department from St. Petersburg
thiit-.jn reply to the inquiries relative
to the seizure of the Hamburg-Amer
ican steamship Arabia by the Vladi
.\-osfok squadron, with a cargo of
. ArrerioUi goods which was represent
vj by the agents to include no contra
band, the Russian Minister for For
. eigrn Affairs has said:
'. "In conformity with the rules of
. conduct . published by the imperial
Government some time ago, a'detach
. :..m,! »[ Russian war vessels seized on
Jul.v^-1 -OO miles north of Yokohama,
¦ lhe steamship Arabia, which was then
•tii ken to Vladivostok and the cause of
J>*r seizure laid before the local court.
Vporf -ihe decision of this court will
r"est tne . question as to whether the
.•Arabia Is to be released or treated as
• e-pfize."
late of' the Arabia Rests With the
, " " Vladivostok Prize Court.
RUSSIA'S REPLY TO AMERICA.
° An Italian paper, the Italia Militares,
'prints a report from Yinkow that the
Jaj>anes.e. captured forty-two guns and
an enormous quantity of war material
in tlie .battles of Sunday, Monday and
Tuesday, but- no details of a reliable
Mature have reached London, either
from fort Arthur or from General Ku
lopatkin's forces. '
. .ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 3.—Accord
in?: to a' r.iessagc- received from Har
bin. General Etiropalkln has ordered
the removal from that :>!ace of all use
• 'lvss civilian?, in order to provide the
. 'greatest lRissibte acrc-ir.modations for
the: winter jQUSXters of the Russian
\ army..
.LIAOYAXC, Aug. S.— The Russians
• .attempted to imsh bark a numerically
.^superior force of Japanese from Ku
cliitzu en July Cl, an<3 it resulted in
• * an 'admitted Russian loss of 1000 men.
Ki>ME, Aug. 3.— The Giornale d'ltalia
.tu-day published in an extra edition
• e dtf-atch from Tokio announcing: that
. '¦*!:*> Japanese armored cruiser Kasu^a.
formerly " the Argentine warship Riva
. diivia, has. been sunk. The announce
jnont ciiusod a great sensation here.
' LONDON. Aug. 4.-The Daily Mail
. this' morning has the following from
• 2\*e\vch\\Hnfc. under date of August 3:
.•'•The Russian gunboat Sivouch (which
_ has l*een fn the L,iao River since the
". beginning of the war) has been de
' parted arwl blown u:» near Pancha, and
the- crew, with the vessel's guns, has
" ttarted for Liaoyang. Two' Japanese
¦¦.¦fuinbr.a.ts vrent'on Monday to reconnoi
• tir the position of Sivouch and were
c -fired upon."
Russian Gunboat Sivouch
Is Blown Up by Her
Fleeing Crew.
Sinking of the Japanese
Armored Cruiser Ka
suga Reported.
GENERAL KUROPATKIN PAVING THE WAY FOR A RETREAT OF HIS ARMY TO HARBIN;
SPIRIT OF BESIEGERS AT PORT ARTHUR UNBROKEN DESPITE ENORMOUS LOSSES
Brown Men Prepare to
Renew Attack Upon
the Forts.
Garrison Must Care for
a Great Number of
Wounded.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., Aug. 3. — Gov
ernor J. K. Vardaman In a statement
to-day denied that he had ever re
flected upon the good name of Presi
dent Roosevelt's mother through the
columns of his paper, as was charged,
and which caused Postmaster General
Payne to refuse to name a postofflce
after the Governor.
GOVERNOR
DENIES PAYNE'S CHARGES
The dispatch said that the bank had
at present more than $25,000,000 lent
In Newchwang and it was believed
that Japan would regard the bank as
the property of the Russian Govern
ment and its assets and profits in Man
churia as legitimate spoils of war in
lieu of indemnity.
A dispatch from Newchwang on Au
gust 2 said that the Japanese flag had
been raised over the local branch of
the Russian-Chinese Bank, an institu
tion organized and financed by the
Russian Government to further Rus
sian interests In Manchuria and the
Far East.
LONDON, Aug. 3. — It was rumored
on the Stock Exchange to-day that
Japan discovered $25,000,000 in an
abandoned Russian camp.
at Newclnvanjr.
Japan to Fall Heir to $25,000,000
3IAY SEIZE BANK'S MILLIONS.
The map shows the position of the
Russian defenses around Tort Arthur,
as ascertained by the intelligencs de
partment of the Japanese army a short
time before the beginning of hostilities.
It is probable that changes and im
provements have been made since that
time, which, so far as are known, are
summed up by the war expert of the
European edition of the New York
Herald. He divides the perimeter of
Port Arthur into seven lines of de
fenses, four of which are on the land
side and three fronting on the sea. .
The first on the land side, beginning
on the east, crowns the crest of Riluns
fehan, with a big fort 450 feet above the
sea, which is very strong. The second
line occupies the summit of Itshan and
protects the flank of the first. The
third. includes the heights west of the
town, which is the weakest position of
all. The fourth line runs from tht
southern extremity of the Sunchan
Hills. to the southwest extremity of the
peninsula.
On the sea side the principal group is
on Zolotaia Gora (mountain of gold);
the next the range of earthworks on
the Tiger's Tall, and the last link In
the line consists ot coast batteries in
the direction of White Wolf hilL The
experts conclude as follows:
"To sum up, the defense of Port Ar
thur is assured by three very power
ful forts, twenty medium ones, and
twelve smaller works, where there are
about 300 guns In the batteries. These
also may have been reinforced by naval
guns."
j. j.
the Knight Commander, together with
the ship's papers, were taken off.
In the case of the German steamer
Thea, Admiral Jessen had no doubt
that her cargo, which consisted offish,
was distinctly contraband of .war. Her
crew was taken off at night during a
heavy sea and she was sent to the bot
tom.
STRONG DEFENSES
OF PORT ARTHUR
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 3.-Th»
first Russian resort of the storming
operations at Port Arthur has just been
received from the Consul of Russia at
Chefu. It says a general attack began
on Saturday, with the Japanese In im
mense force. There were two days of
a bombardment of unprecedented vio
lence. The Japanese, at the time uf
sending this dispatch, the Consul adds,
had everywhere been repulsed with
great loss. The Japanese casualties
possibly reached 20.000. but the Rus
sian losses were insignificant.
The Consul further reports that the
Russians have an abundance of am
munition.
CHEFU, Aug. 3.— The steamship
Wuchow, which has Just arrived here
from Ncwchwang, brings further de
tails of the latest Japanese assault on
Port Arthur. When nearing Chefu the
Wuchow picked up a Junk carrying
seven men, four women and one boy,
who left Port Arthur yesterday. They
report that the fighting north of the
city of Port Arthur occurred at Wolf
Hill, and waa sanguinary, resulting in
the repulse of the Japanese. This hill
is situated near the railroad and eight
trains were kept busy bringing the
wounded soldiers into the city. The
wounded men from the east forts
reached Port Arthur in all kinds of
vehicles, many, however, coming afoot,
dragging shattered limbs.
RUSSIAN' FLEET TAKES PART.
The Russians unite in declaring that
the fortress will never fall, but they
expect that scarcely a building will be
left in the city, where there is now
scarcely a whole pane of glass.
The Wuchow confirms the statement
that the fighting abated during tha
night of July 28, but It had not com
pletely subsided when the refugees
left.
The Russian fleet, from its anchor
age, shelled the advancing Japanese,
after returning from what seemed to
have been a reconnoltering maneuver.
Chinese arriving here to-night say
that the Japanese actually captured
two lightly garrisoned forts on the east
shore, but abandoned them when their
comrades were repulsed from other po
sitions. The Russians, however, insist
that this is untrue.
The forts at Port Arthur bristle with
guns, including many of S-lnch caliber,
but the naval artillerymen are alleged
to have inflicted the heaviest loss upon
the Japanese.
The present unusual exodus from
Port Arthur Is due to the granting
of permission to leave the besieged
city, which heretofore the Russian or
ficials have withheld. In most Instances
the refugees are persons of the better
class, vho are compelled to pay ex
orbitant prices for junks, which ar«
scarce.
ASSAULT TO BE RENEWED.
The Japanese, while repulsed, have
by no means been beaten, and a re
newal of the fighting was expected
when the junk departed yesterday
from Port Arthur.
A second junk, which left at the same
time, carrying the officials of the Dan
ish East Asiatic Company and their
families, has not yet arrived at Chefu.
Among: the prisoners captured dur
ing the engagement on "Wolfs Moun
tain was a Japanese lieutenant carry
ing; a freshly written letter, statins that
the fighting had been severe and the
Japanese losses heavy. The Japan??*
are now occupying the outpost
trenches, which they captured from tha
Russians.
Both the Japanese and Russian fleets
are reported to be in excellent condi
tion.
Contraband goods for the Japanese
continue to leave Chefu via Weihalwei.
Offer Reward Tor Bandits.
EL PASO, Tex., Aug. 3. — The Rock
Island Railroad and tha United States
Express Company have offered a re
ward of $2000 for the capture of rob
bers -who held up the Rock Island
train near Tucumcari on Saturday
night last. :.&
A mosquito calls for more patience
than a balky elephant.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, 190£
2
DR. PJERCIvS _J\KMEDIES.
, Backed up by over a third of a
century of remarkable and uni-
fbrm cures, a record such as no
other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to
ever attained, the pro-
'prietors and makers of Doctor
-Pierce's Favorite Prescription
now feel fully warranted in of-
fering to pay $500 in legal
money cf the United States for
cry case of Leucorrhea, Female
Weakness, Prolapsus or Falling
of Womb, which they cannot
cure. All they ask is a fair and
reasonable trial of their means
of cure. . AH correspondence
held sacredly confidentisl.
If you require medical advice
don't fail to write Doctor R. V.
Pierce who will give you the
beet advice possible. Address
Buffalo, N. V.
Dr. ' Pierce's Pleasant Pellets
are a ladies 'axatfve. No other
medicine equals them for gen ;
t'eness and_.thorpughness. v ¦ :
ADVERTISE>IE]STS.
beautiful and useful premiums to
customers of Port Costa flour
Ask your grocer. Every time you buy flour insist on
Port Costa — the pure, white, uniform flour. Attached to
each sack is a premium coupon. Send it to us.
List of Premiums
Value. Value.
1. Victor Talking Machine 12. Ladles' Writing Deak 913.0O
(five records complete). .$50.00 13. Rodgers' Silver Set (full
2. Old Dutch Clock (six feet set) knife, fork and spoon 12.00
high) 37.00 14. Bedstead (White Enam-
3. Hall Tree and Hat Rack.. 22.00 „„ eled > ••• 12.00
4. Folding Camera (com- 15 « Bohemian Glass Table
plete outfit) 20.00 Se * — *. 10.00
5. Six-foot Chiffonier, plate *<*• Chafing Dish 8.00
mirror, five drawers SO.OO !"• Carving Set 8.0O
6. China Dinner Set., 18.00 18- Suit Case 7.50
7. Velour Couch (six feet 19 > Accordion 7.00
long) 16.00 20 - Beautiful Red Parlor
8. Go-Cart and Baby Car- Lamp 7.00
riage ....15.00 21. Rattan Rocker 6.00
9. Tool Chest containing 22. Baby'g High Chair ... 5XO
sixteen tools 15.00 23 - Even Balanced Scale.... 4.50
10.. Chatelaine Gold Watch.. 12.50 *{• IfgJJcJSf, V." ! 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 i§S
11. Morris Chair 12.00 26. Lady's Silk. Umbrella 3UM
Port, Costa Milling Co. 23 ° c*m°™»
._ St«i S. F. •DEMOCRATIC MANAGERS.
Chairman Taggart Announces the Na
tional Executive Committee.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. Aug. 3. —
Thomas Taggart, chairman of the
Democratic National Committee, to
night, announced the following officers
of the Democratic National Commit
tee and members of the National ex
ecutive committee:
Vice chairman, Delancey Nicoll.
New York; treasurer, George Foster
Peabody, New York; executive com
mittee, W. F. Sheehan, chairman.
New York: August Belmont, New-
York; John R. McLean; United States
Senator Thomas S. Martin, Virginia;
J. M. Guffey, Pennsylvania; former
United States Senator James Smith
Jr., New Jersey; Timothy E. Ryan,
Wisconsin.
Added to the announcements of the
appointments Chairman Taggart made
the following statement:
"The campaign executive committee
will have the advice of Senator Gor
man's judgment and experience in the
campaign, he agreeing to keep In
close ' touch with the management at
all times. Such other committees as
are deemed necessary will be appoint
ed later." .
Indiana's Democratic Ticket.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 3.— John W.
Koarn of Indianapolis was unani
mously nominated for Governor by the
Democratic convention to-day, y The
balance of the State ticket follows:"
Lieutenant Governor, Warder W.
Stevens; Secretary of State, Edward J.
Fogarty; Treasurer, D. E. Allen; Au
ditor, J. R. Ri£gs; Attorney General,
Joseph t H." Shea; Reporter ! of . Supreme
Court, Walter S. Chamber*
HOUSTON. Tex., Aug. 3. — The State
Democratic convention adjourned to
night after nominating the following
ticket: Governor, S. W. T. Lanham;
Lieutenant Governor, George D. Neal;
Attorney General, D. V. Davidson;
Democrats of Ixme Star State Nomi
nate Irfuiham for Governor.
TEXAS TICKET NAMED.
Comptroller, J. W. Stevens: treasurer,
John W. Dobbins: Land Commission
er, J. J. Terrell; Superintendent of
Public Instruction. R. B. Cousins;
Railroad Commissioner, Allison May
field; Justice of the Supreme Court, T.
J. Brown; Judge of the Court of
Criminal Appeals, M. M. Brooks. All
are incumbents save Davidson and
Cousins.
BOLTERS MEET POPULISTS.
Anti-Parker Democrats in Conference
With Third Party I,«»ders.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3. — Populists
from a number of States met at the
The grave danger of a business Is
that a man shall place his soul on th«
counter.
St. Denis Hotel to-night and conferred
with Democrats who are opposed to
Judge Parker. Durbin Van Vleck ot
New York, .who is president of the
Radical Democracy, expressed his po
sition thus:
"We, as Democrats, feel without a
home since the 'Wall street' contingent
nominated Parker and we came to the
meeting to meet some fellow Democrats
who look upon his nomination some
what as we do. We have not decided
what we will do in this campaign.**
Obviously the message from San
Francisco reached the chairman of the
committee at Canton, Ohio, and
Knight's name was added to the list of
executive committeemen.
Cortelyou, however, announced the
committee and left Chicago for the
East Tuesday evening before Knight's
message was received; hence the name
of Knight did not appear in the orig
inal announcement.
"I will accept."
Knight was in the country when the
message was received In this city, but
he was promptly advised of the con
tents of the telegram. He did not wire
his acceptance until his return home
on Tuesday evening. In the meantime
another message came from Cortelyou,
in which an immediate response to the
first telegram was requested. Knight
then wired:
On July 30. Chairman Cortelyou wired
from Chicago to George A. Knight in
San Francisco, asking the latter If
he would accept an appointment to the
Executive Committee of the Republican
National Committee, stating in the dis
patch that acceptance would require
Knight's presence in Chicago during
the greater part of the campaign. The
telegram, however, explained that en
gagements would be made for Knight
to speak at several important meet-
Ings in the East.
ESOPUS. N. Y., Aug. 3. — Mr. and
Mrs. Edward C. Wall of Wisconsin
reached Rosemount to-day, remained
to luncheon and spent the afternoon
with Judge Parker and his family.
Wall brought a message direct from
William J. Bryan, assuring Judge
Parker that Bryan was heartily with
the ticket and would place himself at
the disposal of the Democratic Na
tional Committee, to do everything in
his power to insure the party's success.
Places His Services at the Disposal of
Parker's Managers.
[ BRYAN SENDS OLIVE BRANCH.
Russian Exliiblts at Fair.
¦¦'<?-*T. r .I-OUIS,' Aug. S. — The long de
ikjKd Russian exhibits are rapidly be
•I^jr Installed at the World's Fair.
CANTON, Ohio. Aug. 3.— George A.
Knight of California has been appoint
ed an additional member of the Nation
al Republican Executive Committee.
Announcement of the appointment of
Knight was made to-day by Chairman
Cortelyou, who is staying a short time
at the home of Mrs. McKinley, on his
way from Chicago to Washington. .
Cortelyou Names Californian as One
of the Campaign Managers.
KMGHT ADDED TO COMMITTEE.
.-- WASHINGTON, Aug. 3. — President
: r*Rox>secelt has appointed Sidney R. de
'•!.'•'" receiver of public customs at
r.r.e larrj e'JTice at Tucson, Ariz.
.-'President Appoints De Ixmjj.
Jlepubiicans Plan Celebration
'.'. ' NEW YORK, Aug. S. — Arrange
•*. •mc.n'ts for the. celebration of the seml
'•.¦rfnter.Dial of th-e Republican party In
¦- ..5?ev-" York will be made at the meet
. 'ing' to- be held Monday evening:. Aug
.'¦'u'st'S. The rlan thus far Is to have
• th.e -celebration on th«» fiftieth anni
*y«Btwrtr of- the first meeting, which oc
.tnrixeo . at- Saratoga In September,
••u:4. ¦•.. • • • •
I TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 4. — The
j Democratic State Convention adjourn
j ed at 2:30 o'clock this morning after
| nominating a set of Parker and Davis
j electors. Half the State ticket was
• chosen by the Populists. The Popu
lists adjourned at 1 o'clock, having
I nominated Watson and Tibbetts elec
! tors and half the fusion State ticket.
1 Both conventions agreed on the same
platform, which is confined largely to
St£te Issues, mentioning the railroad
rate question.
The Democrats nominated the fol
lowing portion of the ticket: Governor,
j David M. Dale, Wichita; Superintend
! ent of Schools, M. Howard, Leaven
worth; Treasurer, Thomas M. Dolan,
Clifton; Secretary of State, John H.
Curran, Topeka; Railroad Commis
! sioner, William M. Ferguson, Welllng-
I ton.
The Populists chose the following:
Justice of the Supreme Court — John
T. Little, Olathe; Lieutenant Governor,
M. A. Householder, Cherokee; Audi-
I tcr, W. H. McDonald, Crawford; At
j torney General, W. O. Wells, Miami;
Superintendent of Insurance, John H.
Stowell, Nemaha; Congressman at
large, Frank Brady, Labelle; Railroad
Commissioner, F. H. Chase, Jackson.
Democrats and Populists Divide State
Nominations.
FUSION IN KANSAS.
"Miclifian Democrats Select Stearns*
'! Opponent to Head State Ticket.
'. '•.' GP.AXD "RAPIDS. Mich.. Aug. 3. —
•"iVo<-'dbri«dg:e .X. Ferris ot Big Rapids
tn.-night was .nominated for Governor
•>> thfi Democratic State Convention
liver J. .S. Stearns of Ludingrton, who
JvtrrU' t<*-&3y announced that he had
belted the Republican party. Stearns
"liris.^be.eri three times a prominent can
: v5idate"fcr the Republican nomination
.I'-f'Gpvfrrior.- The vote was: Ferris.
: tlZi Stearns,- ST9.
* : "Jlle other nominations were as fol
. totcs^ Lieutenant Governor, Hiram B.
.-Hudson;- Secretary of State, James T.
Hatch: Treasurer, George R. Smith;
- Attorney* General. F. O. GafEney.
ITERRIS GETS NOMINATION.
MUST BE VIGILANT.
The enemies of sound money were power
ful enough to suppress mention of the gold
Tl}e mor.ftary and economic policies which
have been so forcibly reannounced lie at the
very foundation cf our industrial life, and arj
essential to the fullest development of our
national strength. They give vitality to our
manufactures and commerce, and if impaired
or overthrown there would inevitably ensu» a
period of industrial depression, to the serious
injury of the vast Interests of both labor and
capital.
The Republican party, since U preserved the
Integrity of th-? republic and save freedom to
the orrressed, never rendered a more Import
ant service to the country than when It estab
lished the gold standard. Under It we have in
creased our currency supply sufficiently to
meet the normal requirements of business. It
is gratifying that the convention made frank
and explicit declaration of the inflexible pur
pose of the oarty to maintain the gold stand
ard. It is essential not only that ths stand
ard should be a» sood as the test In the world,
but that th»> people should . have the assur
ance that It will be so maintained.
Senator Fairbanks was given en ova
tion as he arose to accept the nomina
tion. He said:
Mr. Root and Gentlemen of the Committee —
I thank you for the very generous terms in
which you have conveyed the official notifica
tion of my nomination for Vice President of
the United States. The unsolicited and unani
mous nomination by the Republican party is
a call to duty which I am pleased to obey.
I accent the commission which you bring
with a. profound sense of the dignity and re
sponsibilities of the exalted position for which
I have been nominated. My utmost endeavor
will bs to discharge In full measure the trust
if the action of the convention shall meet the
approval of the American people.
The plattorm adopted by the convention Is an
explicit and emphatic declaration of the prin
ciples in entire harmony with those policies of
our party, which have brought great honor and
prosperity to our common country, and which.
if continued, v/111 bring us like blessings In the
future.
FAIRBANKS RESPONDS.
In your election, on the other hand, this
chief requirement will be fully met. in the
full streriCth of middle life you are prepared
for the exhausting duties of the Presidency.
Your successful and d!stin*uish-:d career, the
ability and croblty with which you have al
ready discharged the duties of high office, thi
universal reaix-ct and esteem of the Deoole of
Indiana who have delighted to honor you, the
attachment of hosts of friends throughout the
Union — all assurw us that you have the char
acter and the ability to govern wisely and
strongly should you become President. Many
indeed amonr our people have already turned
toward you as a tultable candidate to be
elected directly to that great office.
It Is the earnest wish of your party and of
many good citizens who have no party affi'la
ti&ns that you shall accept this nomination,
and that you shall be elected in November to
be thi next Vice President of the United
States. In expressing to you thts wish, we
b- c to add an assurance of our own personal
respect, esteem and loyalty.
Th» demands of the Presidential office upon
the mental and physical vitality are so rreat.
so continuous and so exhausting as to be whol
ly beyond th« capacity of any man of eighty
five.
The attempt by 6uch a man to perform the
duties of the office would with practical cer
tainty be speedily followed by a complete
breakdown, both of body and mind. In con
templating the remote possibility of the elec
tion of the Democratic candidate for Vice
President, the people of the country are bound
to contemplate also as a necessary result of
such an election In case of the President's
death, that others, not chosen by the people,
and we know not who, would govern In' the
narce of a nominal successor unable himself
to perform tie constitutional duties of his
office; or worse still, that aerlous doubt
whether the Vice President had not reached
a condition of "Inability" within the meaning
of the Constitution would throw the title to
the office of President into dispute.
The serious effect of cuch an event upon the
Government ami uocn business Interests and
general welfare of the country, and the seri
ous effect even of the continual menace of such
an event, must be apparent to every thought
ful mind.
have nominated as their candidate for the Vice
Presidency an excellent gentleman, who waa
born during the Presidency of James Monroe,
and who before the 4th of March next will be
In the eighty-second year of his age. Before
the next administration Is ended he will be
approaching his eighty-sixth birthday. It Is
no disparagement ot this gentleman, for whom
I believe we all have the highest respect, to
«ay that he shares the common lot of mortals.
and that the election of any man of such great
age would furnish no safeguard to the Ameri
can people against the disaster which would
ensue upon the death of a' President with a
successor not competent to perform the duties
of the Presidential office. It is common expe
rience that very aped men, however bright
and active they may appear for brief periods,
cannot sustain long continued severe exertion.
DEMANDS ARE GRLLAT.
Our opponents of. the Democratic party have
signally failed to perform this duty. They
As to the supreme responsibility of the Vice
Presidency in case of succession to th» Presi
dency, we tfcall all pray, and no one more earn
estly than yourself, that it may not come to
you. But we are not at liberty to Ignore the
possibility that It may come. Sad and bitter
experien.^e 'admonishes us that provision for
succession to the Presidency Is no Idle form
Of the last twelve Presidents elected by the
-pecple of the United States five — nearly one
half — have died in office and have been suc
ceeded by Vica Presidents. A serious obliga
tion rests upon the political parties which se
lect the candidates between whom the people
must choose, to see to it that they nominate
men fofthis possible suceezslon who have the
strength of body and mind and character which
shall enable them. If occasion ccraes, to take
up the burdens of the great Presidential office,
to endure Its trylns and exhausting demands,
to meet its great respcrsibllitles. and with flrm
band and clear vision to guide the Government
of the country un'Al the people can express
their choice again.
SERIOUS OBLIGATION'.
ctnfidenre and sympathy. Too often it has hap
ptsed that alter excited ccntcsts for the Pres
idential nomination the candidate for Vice
President has been rejected from the defeated
faction for the purpose of appeasing their re
sentment, and that after election he has re
mained antagonistic in rpirlt and a etranser to
the counsels of the President whom he may be
called upen to succeed. Happily we are now
in no such case. The people would fain see
ajrsin such relations of sympathy and loyal
r.eiptulness for the public gooi as existed be
tv.-een President MciCiiiley and Vice President
Hobart; ar.d the personal relations between
President Kocsevelt and yourself, your mutual
esteem and good understanding assure us that
theee happy conditions will come again after
the 4th of next March. We count upon your
wisdom and experience and loyal aid as an ele
ment of ever present strength In the coming
administration. v
But the Vice I'-resident has ether grave du
ties of imperative obligation. When the people
elect a President under our political system
they do not merely telect the man for the
otfi.-e; they ijive their approval to certain con
trolling principles and policies of government;
and the administration of which the Vice Prcs
idert is a part Is bound to give effect to theee
principles and policies. The primary duty of
the Vice Pr«*siJer.t to be always ready to
take up the burden of the Presidency If occa
sion requiies, carries with it the duty to b«
always ready to continue unbroken the policies
which the people have Intrusted to the admin
istration for execution. Fcr the due perform
ance cf this duty the Vice President should
be familiar with the conduct of affairs by the
administration as it proceeds, a part of its
counsels and imbued with a knowledge of its
labors, its perplexities and Its motives, that
can come only from Intimate association ami
It Is a great o.'&ce to which you are called.
John Adams and Thcir.as Jefferson and George
Clinton and John C. Calhoun and Martin Van
liuren ar.d many others whose names are Illus
trious in the history of our country have
filled it. It is an effice of high dignity and
immediate, ever present importance. The
credit and honor of our country are greatly
concerned in the character end conduct vl the
man who presides over the Senate of the
United States^ — that powerful ar.d august body,
cf which you are already eo experienced, eo
useful and so honored a mersber.
ILLUSTRIOUS NAMES.
We give you formal notice of that nomina
tion with assurance of the undivided and
hearty cuppcrt of the great party which has
executed the people's will in the government
of this country for the better part of the last
half century. The nomination comes to you
in accordance with the txrst methods and prac
tices of representative government. It was
the r*?ult of lor.g and earnest consideration
and discussion by the members of the con
vection. It was not the chance product of an
excited hour, asd It waa not upon the de
mand of any powerful Influence — political or
otherwise — constraining the Judgment of the
delegates. It was not made for the purpose
of Conciliating possible malcontents or of
eweilinjj the campaign fund of the party. No
bargains or intrleuea contributed to it. No
suppressions of the truth or misleading of the
convention as to ycur principles and opinions
were necessary to bring It about. It was the
deliberate. Informed and Intelligent Judgment
of the delegates from every State and Terri
tory, and it was their unanimous Judgment.
Root, without preliminary, delivered
the formal notification address. He
said:
Senator Fairbanks — The commlttea which
now walta ujon you waa appointed by the
National Convention cf the Republican Party
held at Chicago la June, and its agreeable
duty is to notify you of your nomination as
the Republican candsdata for the office of Vice
President of the United States for the term
to begin en the 4th day of March. 1905.
ZN-DIAXAPOLJS, Aug. 3.— Charles
W. Fairbanks, senior United States
Senator from Indiana, was to-day for
mally notified of his nomination for
Vice President of the United States by
the Republican National Convention.
The notification address was made by
Elihu Root, ex-Secretary of War, who
was temporary chairman of the con
vention. The exercises were held on
the wide veranda of Senator Fairbanks'
i bea.utiful home in the presence of mem
! bers of the notification committee, con
i eisting of one member from each State
: and Territory, the Governor and other
State officers of Indiana, the Republi
i can candidates for State offices, the
' Indiana Republican Congressional dele
1 patio;*. Indiana delegates and alter
nates to the national convention, the
State Central Committee and the re
publican Editorial Association. All'
these had been especially invited.
On the lawn surrounding three sides
of the residence and extending far on
all sides beneath the preat forest trees
1 were several thousand friends, neigh
bors and political supporters of the
senior Senator. Massed In a body were
1000 members of the Marion Club, who
had acted as escort for the distin
guished visitors. Flags were seen
everywhere. The house was elaborately
decorated and on one side of the lawn
two large tents were topped by wav
ing banners. The day was one of the
most beautiful of the year.
SERVE LUNCH ON THE LAWN.
The especially invited guests and the
! general public were served with light
i refreshments, and a photograph of the
: committee and candidate was taken
i from the steps of the veranda.
The members of the notification com
i mittee arrived early. Ex-Secretary
i Root, after being given an informal
! reception, joined ihe other members of
the committee at the English HoteL
Sbortiy after noon the journey of one
j end a half miles to the Senator's
home began. One thousand members
j of the llarlon Club acted as escorts.
| In the first carriage rode Mr. Root and
I Governor Durbin and Harry S. New,
National Committeeman from Indiana.
The notification committee and other
guests followed In carriages. Several
; thousand persons cheered as the line
I moved along.
Gathered at the residence were 5000
j persons. Senator Fairbanks and Mrs.
I Fairbanks received the committee and
' especially Invited guests. Mr. Root and
j Senator Fairbanks led the way to the
! veranda, where seats were arranged
for all. An enthusiastic greeting was
accorded the two speakers when they
appeared on the veranda. The demon
stration lasted for several minutes,
during which the members of the com
mittee were seated.
' ROOT GIVES NOTICE.
I*ater I shall avail myself of a favorable op
portunity to submit to you, and through you
to my fellow citizens, a fuller expression ot my
views concerning -the question now at Issue.
Permit me a$ain to thank you and to ex
press the belief that we -may confidently sub
mit our cause to the candid and patriotic Judg«
ment of our countrymen.
The election of the President Is Imperatively
demanded by those whoso success depends upon
ths continuance of a safe, conservative and ef
ficient administration of public affairs.
-We have an ample record of deeds done, of
beneficent thinga accomplished in the public
interest. The vast business of the Govern
ment has been w^ll administered^ The laws
have beon enforced fearlessly and Impartially.
The treasury has been adequately supplied
with revenue and the financial credit of tho
Government was never better. Our foreign
trade balance continues to Increase our national
wealth. We have adopted an Irrigation policy
which will build homes In the arid regions of
the West. The Panama canal, the hope of
centuries, is in course of construction under
the solo protection of the American flag.
We have peace and great prosperity at home
and are upon terms of gcoi neighborhood to
the entire worll. These conditions constitute
the 6trcng«?st possible assurance for the fu
tnre.
The convention was wise not only tn its
enunciation of party policies, but in its nom
ination of a candidate for the Presidency.
During the l»st three years President Roose
velt has been confronted with large and serious
questions. These he has met and solved with
high wisdom and courage. The charsea made
against him In the Democratic platform find
an irrefutable answer in his splendid admin
istration, never surpassed in all the history
of the republic nnd never equaled by tho
party which aerks to discredit It.
PRAISES ROOSEVELT.
In Consrces and net with tho President
rests the supreme power to determine the
standard of our money. Though the chlaf
executive rhould oppose, the Congress, acting
within its independent constitutional authority,
could at any time overthrow or change the
monetary standard.
The wisdom of our protective policy finds
complete Justification in the Industrial develop
ment of the country. Th'^ policy has btrcoma
a most vital part of our industrial system and
must be maintained unimpaired. When altered
conditions make changes in schedules desirable
their modification can be sarely intrusted to
the Republican party. If iney ar* to be"
changed by the enemies of the system along
free trade ltn«S uncertainty, would take the
place of certainty and a rractlon would surely
follow to the injury of the wage-earners and
all who are now profitably employed. Un
certainty undermines confidence and loss of
confidence breeds confusion and distress la
commercial affairs.
.j *
standard in the platfcrm lately adopted by the
Democratic £Catk>!ial Convention. The laadtr
of the I>imocrauy in two great national cam
paigns has declared since the adjournment of
the convention that cs soon as the election is
over h-; will undertake to organ
ize the forces within the Demo
cratic . oorty for the next . national
contest, for the purpose of advancing: the radi
cal policies for which his element of the party
stands. He frankly eays that tho money ques
tion Is for the present In abeyanc*. In view
of these palpable facts, it Is not th« part of
wisdom to abandon our vigilance In safe
guarding th« integrity of our money gystem.
We must have net only a President who is un
alterably committed to the sold standard, but
both houses of Congress in entire accord with
him open the subject.
!Te<ibraI special lard committee was
ca.ll^2 to.crder.at headquarters of the
;>'aiicjiaJ Livestock Association at 10
s*dock tifts momins by President A. J.
HAgerbarth' d Utah.
¦j >XteT discussion to-day was cf the bill
ia.trodu'c^a In the last Congress for the
¦rejjeij c? »Jie scene, Umber and desert
•1-ajjd'V act.- 'asS for the commutation
¦clause -of th.e- homestead act. The pre
.'rail^ig sentljseiit 'was against the bilL
Tb»; delegates consider that the home
stead Act,- -especially as far as applic
able 1 to" the Western country, should be
•enlarged rattier than restricted. The
iJiEciasicn of the forest reserve problem
Jbro'ujjht 'oat the fact that Western
st<?c£men ar-e not opposed to the pres
jrvariD:* ct forests. Their grievance Is
j.fcat; erazirs asd agricultural lands are
cf ten* included in .reserves from which
sfook la- excluded. They also ask that
the rules. -grover-nins thes« reserves be
rrro<3.1Sed- so .that sheep may graze upon
•Vhefn.as well "as cattle. The discussion
tad n-ot. concluded on adjournment to
cigbt''aid'• will be. continued to-morrow
inornlng. .
••A -committee on resolutions, to consist
«f one member from each State and
Territory, • will be .appointed in the
rnorning.- - President Hagenbarth did
£ r < care to express an opinion on the
statement .of H- D. Call cf Chicago to
:'he effect' that", the present butchers'
?i?:_ke had broken the "meat trust"
Tufihef tKan. to say that It was a very
irrrjortaot" matter so far as the stock
men are concerned, if true. /
,- DENVER, Aug. ' 2. — The conference
¦betvieea. ¦Western stockmen and the
Candidate Receives
the Committee at
His Home.
Cattlemen Consider
. ure Should Be Changed
" Where It Applies to West
PARKERSBURG. W. Va.. Aug. 3.—
The Democratic State Convention was
in session two hours this afternoon and
almost three hours to-night without
reaching the regular order of business,
which was left over until to-morrow.
Awaiting the report and the platform
the time was devoted to oratory.
The con%-ention to-night indulged In
wild and continued demonstrations as
Henry G. Davis entered the wigwam.
Chairman McGraw formally intro
duced the Vice Presidential candidate.
Davis thanked the convention for its
hearty greeting and expressed the hope
that harmony would continue until No
vember. Davis said:
I cannot refrain from an expression of my
gratification at this large and enthusiastic
convention of Democrats, showing 1 as it does
th° same spirit ot determination in West Vir
ginia that pervades all sections of the country.
Our national standard-bearer, Judje Parker,
¦will on the 10th day of this month, be for
mally notified of his nomination, and In the
acceptance thereof will naturally gfvo his
views upon the questions at Issue In the cam
paign. A week later, on the 17th of the
menth. as you all know, I will be notified at
White Sulphur Sprin«r3 of my nomination for
the office of Vice President, and at that tlm«
it will be ray duty to plve soma expression
of my views. It is, therefore. I think, my
duty both to our candidate for the Presidency
and to our party that I should not now enter
Into the discussion of my position. I con
gratulate you all upon this harmonious and
enthusiastic Catherine. All appreciate v tho re
sponsibility that is upon you, and I am satis
fied that your nominees will be men suited to
I*ad the party to victory. Thanking you again
for your kind expressions of good will I con
gratulate you upon the prospects for the suc
cess of the Democracy both la this State and
nation. v
As Davis was concluding some one
called: "Hurrah for Mr. White Man's
party," and Davis replied:
— i!I certainly agree with you on the
white man proposition."
Then foli- ,ved a demonstration.
! - 4
Gives Thanks for Greeting,
but Declines to Enter Into
a Discussion of Position
EECEIVES AN OVATION
K&iABGEMEXT FAVOBED
Strong Points
in the Speech
of Fairbanks
6 NDIAXAPOL.1S. Au~. 3- —
1 Followinjj arc some of the
" luiportaht points made by
Senator Fairbanks iiiien no
tified of hi.«* nomiiKttion:
"TIsc monetary and ocunomic
policies, which have been so
forci!)ly lvmniounccd, lie nt the
very foundation of our iuilus-
I rial life ami are essential to
the fullest development of our
national strength.
"The Republican party, since
It pi"cscr\cd the Integrity of the
republic and cave freedom to
the oppressed, never rendered
a more important service to the
country than when it estab
lished the sold standard.
"The leader of the Dem
ocracy in two great national
campaigns has declared since
the adjournment of the con
vention that as soon as the
election is over he ¦will under
take to organize forces within
the Democratic party for the
next national contest for the
purpose of advancins radical
ik>11c1cs.
"When altered conditions
make changes in the tariff
schedules desirable their niodi
ficjition can bo safely instrusted
to the Republican party.
"The Panama canal, the hope
of centuries. Is In course of
construction under the sole
protection of the American
flas."
Many Notables Are
Present at the
Pprpmnnv
uci cMiuiiy,
¦'•$j : 0i'kinfn -an»l Federal Spe
.'dal Lund^Committee Dis
cuss;. Congressional Bill
Nominee for Vice President
Addresses the Democrats
! Assembled at Parkersburg
CHARLES W. FAIRBANKS FORMALLY
NOTIFIED OF HIS NOMINATION
Elihu Root Delivers
the Principal
Address
Senator Given Ova
tion When He
Responds.
DAVIS TALKS
IN CONVENTION
CONFER ABOUT
HOMESTEAD ACT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, 1904.
3
WANT ADATE31TISERS IN*
XEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
WTLIi RECEIVE FREE
__ __ _ r , -
A copy of the beautiful picture,
"HOTHOUSE TREASURES,"
Size 36x10 Inches, on heavy
plate paper.
This picture shows a yard of
freshly culled roses in their
wonderful variety, falling in
rich profusion from a bowl.
Beautiful Jacqueminots, stately
American Beauties, rich Marc-
chal Xeils and others form a
floral picture that will strongly
appeal to all lovers of nature
and art. The exquisite coloring
of these flowers is followed in
detail and the picture will be a
valuable ornament to any home.
BRING YOUR ADS TO-DAY.
ADVEKTISE3IEXTS.
— - — — ; — — I I .May Be Ha<L
AbSOlUtCly HCW PIZIIIOS Although yesterday and the day before
; ' were banner days in our Special Qearance
R^|gJ ir Cl prk a e. C3 Sale of both New and Used Pianos, some
' . ". . cioc; of the choicest bargains yet remain. You can
S225 Sample instrument SliiO b . < .
J _ . ,. , • .. COfin buy a brand-new piano in tins sale, standard
S^ SO Discontinued pattern *¦ ... ,
*L JJ p . . ; «OQR make, guaranteed pertect m everv- war, for
$400 Sajnple piano. • • .$^30 ' & * - *'
$550 Dropped from catalog -S410 %* to ?'«. S'5C S.65. $.85 «nd upward.
55M Odd style. S390 J | ore than a do , zen }"= to and $400
VJ _ , . . t , -.-¦ *-\ac\ pianos — sample instruments and styles
$250 Sample instrument $I4U v v - J
v J dropped from catalog — may be had at such
, . prices as $125 to $150 and up. One fine $375
cabinet grand piano only $270: $300 large
SlWhtlV vSed PlcinOS size m3Lho S^ n y case P iano on l>' 5 J 9O. Terms
<t> J are not fixed. They will be arranged to suit
Regular Clearance the buyer. Little money each month all you
Price. Price. need to pay, and we deliver the piano now.
$300 Splendid condition ....$180 No charge for stool or cover, and the raov-
$375 Just out of shops .,-$230 ing costs you nothing. You have no extras
$250 Dark mahogany case $115 to pay. If it is your intention to make selec-
$225 Rosewood case. ". $100 tion from this stock, let us urge you to do
$200 Rosewood case. $85 so to-day. Prices will not change, but better
$200 Mahogany case. r ... $65 selections can, of course, be had now than
" can be had later.
mm m | /5?^ The Largest Music If ovsc on the Coast
HOnler (Ik LfHaS6 9 Cor. Post and KcarnySts.
ff^** AND RETURN 11
Jljf Roimd-trip tickets on sale on certain dates via f|»
ij|| the'thicago, Union Pacific and North-Western ||
II Line from San. Francisco, Los Angeles and other ||
HII California points. Two fast trains daily, includ- gB
BH ing the famous electric-lighted Overland Limited; mm
cna solid through train, less than three days to mm
%Ja Chicago, over the only double-track railway mm
W^ from the Missouri River to Chicago. MB
W& Choice of routes RETURNING VIA ST. LOUIS if
Mk^t* 103 ' permitting visit to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. Jflj
The 3e»r o/ EVarything. J&£jr
ree icfonaation, hooijets, reaps, time schedu>*. sliegisg eaf , <&?¦£&
_^ reservations, tickets, etc., on applicanon. /gp^<f|ajitAi|^V,
y^^^^S^^fj R. R. RITCHIE, Geri'^gt Paelnc Ccw«, C. k N.-W.
\ - ¦ ¦.•¦.j i: ' ; ; _ADyERTISE3IEXTS.
THIS IS UN'S ERA BFJEALTH!
gy$sT\ Pe-ru-na, the Key
That Unlocks the
(\//^^2%^ / Door to Health.
\?j/:. - : '.^gB^^|^^\^0 Pretty Mrs. Hesslcr Saved
T /' : . : :|^ffiBW^PBBSSBfw;- ¦ .\X From a Severe Case of
i / ''¦'¦¦¦¦§!!&0ft$$r* >s&r W Catarrh of the Stomach
i Mrs. D. S. Hessler, 1002 McBrlde" (j/ffiyjfr>l J'A -tT^Sy/ / R
; St.. Syracuse. N. Y.. writes: \\ ¦f&%\ V&0&** if/I ///¦£•
| "/ take pleasure in expres-, / ll\
sing my satisfaction with Pe- r^\l& rttwfflL
runa as a remedy well worthy ! -A^PiWmlmSm^
the confidence of those seeking j
; ; relief from suffering. It is cer- * ¦» •*¦ ¦
tainly a most efficient specific for afflictions of the digestive organs, \ \
\\ especially catarrh, heartburn and kindred troubles of the stomach. J|
; It has cured me of catarrh and stomach trouble in three months, after <
• / had suffered with these troubles for many years. I am certainly *
; pleased with it." — Mrs. D. S. Hessler. ?
TT^"™™^^^^^^^^^™^!^^"™"™^"* The reason so many cases of dy«p«p-
Causes That Lead to Dyspepsia 8la suffer on and on without any rdS
Properly Called Catarrh trying this medicine and that medicine.
Of Stomach. Is that these conditions are not recog>
nlzed as catarrh ot the stomach.
The- reason for this is that dyspepsia Any ona sufferlns from d y«p«psi*.
in a sreat majority of cases depends j havlnj? trled the ordinary remedies wlth-
upon catarrh of the stomach. . out relIe f, would be safe to assume that
Catarrh of the stomach may have been theIr l3 one ot catarrh of the atom-
set up by an extension of the catarrh ach and S hould at once begin a course
from the throat or head. of Peruna. Peruna Is sure to cure thesa
Ctitarrh of the stomach is frequently „_„_ Tt _ AVPr f , n <,
produced by late suppers. Indigestible cases - u ne%er falls -
dlet. rapid eatinsr. drinking ice water use Address Dr . Hartman. President of Th«
SdSc^nV^^'^^f °sS "art- Sanitarium Columbus. Ohio,
cases of dyspepsia, simply because it All correspondence held strictly confl-
curea catarrh wherever located. denial.
, \ . .' ADVERTISEMENTS.
' i ; — I Positively cured by
• "f* A-fSTCD'C tkcse rittls PiIls *
",UMf\iLl\O Tiey also relieve Ks-
'•¦rrr; '„, tress trora Dyspepsia. In-
' - ms 'TT LE t^estloa and Too Hearty
'•I ||. B V/ IT E> E^S- A pertect ren-
l-Kpl b V &l\ es!v fcr Dizziness. TCansea.
'1&M PILLS. DrOT^ess. Bad Tasta
Kjkr K?1 *b° liozXh. Coated
' tg%5i*«&!rl Tongue. Pa^i In the Side,
• . lf=±±E±=ff2 1 TORPID LIVER. T&E7
r^u^ts tHe;Eo"re!s. Purely Vegetable.
SMALLFILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
,:, .-rS=«n CcKE SICK UEADACllcT"
• £35lttle' Genuine Must B&r
Jf*j IVER Fzs-Sbile Signature
j PILLS. vj _^—
m Brin;? it to me and I will make g
"ftj 5" ou ' a liberal offer for it as part G
g» paymrnt for a new one. I have I
2 good Razors as low as Sl.OO- i
, * ST4B SAPET7 EASOE, reg- f
I tuar^S::. 00 kind, rny price only I
I .' ?OCEE7 KBTTVX3, pood ones." ffi
•1 as lovV as $].<)O- I carry a S
¦ a very l.irpe £nd choice selection I W
• fg -of sood Cattery of all kinds at rw
H ripht rrior-s. m
HI TWO £.123 X7I2,Ia1A2&S' 10c H
m sxzAYjrrG soap, ir»c I
ii liaxcrs honed and ground, j
.H . Hail orders promptly filled, ffl
I THAT iMAN P5TTS, I
H F. \V. -PITTS. The Stationer, 5g
L\ 1CCS ISA3XET STREET, §
% sa:: Francisco. Jf
¦«5 visit DR. JORDAN'S great £
\ yjf Tie Ler^ert Ac*»>*3:c*l Muscuin in t ;¦ < \
0 £££? CIL '22DA»-0!S£ASE3 OF Uih A
A !T _Cof-ic:2Jiea tn* «r.d r-."J. 7 priwte. \
V k X?tt Trwirswrtt prrsoRi:. r or by fc:te». A A I
n / f j f-f— Cwn ta er«.-7 etaendemkes. T
1 II |l nh*bt* back for cwnj A
V DU. JUBDAKACO.. 1051 iInrk«>tSt..S. F. VFOltM MINING OOMPANY.-^OakUBd. Aug
3.— Articles of Incorporation of the Feliclana
MinlnB Company were filed with the County
Clerk to-day. The capital stock of the cor
poration is f 25,000 and Is dlv!ded into shares
of th<» rar value of *1 each. Th* directors are
C." C Hamilton, Louis P. Nauweiler, U. F
Kdwarda and IS. I. Judse of Oakland and r. S
Chambers ol San Ilarael. ; - - '.
Books Donated to Alden Library.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3. — Mrs. A. M.
Esterle has Just donated nearly 700
books to the Alden free reading-room,
most of the volumes being Juvenile
works. These books are intended to
constitute the beginning of a deposit
library. The gift was made as a me
morial for Mrs. Esterle's Infant ne
phew, Birdie Bell Stowe.
LOWELL, Mass., "Aug. 3. — Nance
O'Neill'B recently purchased ;summer
estate at Tyngsboro was sold over her
head at u mortgagee's auction sale to
day for non-payment of interest on a
mortgage of $7500.
Miss O'Neill was unaware of thl3
action and Is not directly involved, the
estate having been mortgaged by the
Adamantine Plaster- Company to - John
rilling. But she will fight the sale
and will look to the Adamantine
Plaster Company, through Its receiver,
C. H. Blanchard of Syracuse, to pro
tect her intersts and the local agents
wil carry the case to the courts in
order to protect their sale ¦ to Miss
ONellL ._
Action Is Taken to Satisfy a Mort
. cage Placed Upon the Property .
by Former Owners.
NANCE O'NEILL'S SUMMER
HOME SOLD AT AUCTION
OAKLAND, Aug. 3. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Willis B. Aus
tin, over 21, Stockton, and Margaret
Lungate, over 18, Oakland; Matt Bo
dem. 31. and Gertie Lewis, 26, both
of Oakland; John J. Stephens, 25, and
Mabel G. Sinclair. 19, both of Oak
land; Charles H. Newcombe, 22, and
Mabel M. Williams, 21, both of Ala
meda; Manuel Cabral, 21, Oakland,
and Mamie Soares, 18, Centerville;
John M. Foster, 32, Capay, and Agnes
Leland, 32. Woodland.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Aug. 3.— The First
Regiment, League of the Cross Ca
dets, will give a family outing and
excursion at Camp Taylor on Monday.
September 5. and the officers and
members of the various companies are
•working hard to make the affair a
ruccess. The First Regiment Includes
three companies in this city, eleven in
Fan Francisco, one at Menlo Park, one
at Ortan View and one at San Mateo.
Cadets Plan Excursion.
A contractor who was on the ground
attempted to detain the fellow but he
ran away. The police were notified
and searched the town for the man,
who made good his escape. The inci
dent stirred up the diplomatic circles
in Lenox. .:.*-
PITTSFIELD, Mass.. Aug. 3.— Lenox
has been much alarmed over the ap
pearance of a deranged man at the
country residence of the British Em
bassador, Hir Mortimer Durand. The
stranger asked for money. He made
a harangue when refused and said he
admired the assassin of Minister von
Plehwe and that some day he would
throw a bomb himself. He was dis
suaded from entering the embassy and
after a time went away to reappear
later at the residence of Miss Adele
Kneeland of New- York, where he
again demanded money.
Deranged Man Visits Country Resi
dence of British Diplomat and
Alarms Occupants.
HARANGUES ABOUT BOMBS
AFTER DEMANDING COIN
OAKLAND, t Aug. 3.— The will of
the late Abner H. Stocker, senior
member of the firm of Stocker & Hol
land, was Hied for probate this after
noon by Attorney Clarence Crowell.
The estate, valued at about $60,000,
is left to the widow. In his will
Stocker expresses the belief that she
will do what is best for their children,
Ralph B. Stocker a/id Mrs. Alice H.
MacDougall of Pleasanton. The prop
erty consists of real estate in Oakland
valued at" $7500, realty near Sunol
worth $8000 and stocks and bonds to
the value of $40,000. Arthur Holland
is to act as executor of the will.
All of Large Eslate Valued at About
SG0.000 Is Left to the
Widow.
ABNER STOCKER'S WILL
0 IS FILED FOR PROBATE
Arrange Quarterly Convention.
OAKLAND. Aug. 3.— The Alameda
County Christian Endeavor Union will
hold Its regular quarterly convention
*.n Friday. August 12. at the First
Presbyterian Churrh of Alameda. and
the members of the Alameda union
ore making great preparations to wel
come the delegate?. The afternoon
session, which opens at 3:30 o'clock,
•will be devoted to a '•workers' con
ference" and will be followed by a
basket lunch at 5:45. The features of
the evening session, which begins at
115 o'clock, will be addresses by Miss
Anna Fraser and the Rev. W. T.
Patchell. both of San Jo*e.
OAKLAND. Aug. 3. — A committee
from the Central Labor Council has
requested the Merchants' Exchange to
use its influence to induce the dele
pates to thp national convention of the
American Federation of Labor, which
\vill he held in San Francisco during
November, to visit Oakland, the com
mittee stating that the local unions of
Oakland would be glad to defray all
expenses if arrangements could be
made for an Oakland day. The mem
fcerB of the Central Labor Council
committee are C. W. Petry, J. L. Da
vie and Joseph B. K?boli.
The following newly elected officers
of the Building Trades Council were
ir.?fal!eJ last nigrht:
President. J. B. Burke; vice presi
dent. C. O'Neil: recording secretary, F.
H. Pratt; financial .secretary, M. J.
Bacctxs; sergeant at arms. C. Chris
tensen; business rtprcnt. J. B. Bo wen.
Labor I'nlou News,
COPENHAGEN, Aug. 3. — Follow
ing are : the facts in the case of Elsie
Gelleit, a Danish girl, said to be on
the way from Chicago to Philadel
phia and New York in charge of a
representative of the Danish Consul
General In New York, who is alleged
to have rescued her from kidnapers,
who demanded $200,000 ransom:. , .
Elsie Gelleit has been In the care
of Wilhelm Jennsen and his wife for
more than two years at Frederica,
island of Jutland. They loved the
child and when last summer Gelleit.
father of Elsie, wanted to take the
child home again the Jennsens were
inconsolable, whereupon Gelleit re
lented and permitted the child to re
main a month more with its foster
father and mother, who said they
would go to Neetved, island of Ze
land. Instead they fled to America.
When Gelleit discovered their flight he
instituted prosecution proceedings
against the Jennsens on the charge of
kidnaping. Jennsen, who is a former
fish merchant, and his wife are re
garded ns resnectable persons.
to Steal Child From Her
Father.
Love for Little One Onuses Jcnnsena
KIDNAPING OF DANISH
GIRL NOT DONE FOR GAIN
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— Arthur P. Hol
land has been reappointed commis
sioner in bankruptcy for this city by
Judge de Haven of the United States
District Court. Milton J. Green, for
merly of Oakland, has been reap
pointed commissioner for San Fran
cisco County.
Commissioners in Bankruptcy.
OAKLAND, Aug 3. — R. E. Cole, a
.train gateman on one pf the; Southern
Pacific locals, was arrested* to-day on
the complaint of Railroad Detective
Mahoney on a charge of petty larceny
for not turning over to the lost and
found department two bundles that
had been left in the train. He was
taken to the County Jail, but later was
admitted to ball.
Arrested for Larceny.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— Peter N. Rem
lllard, president of the Remillard Brick
Company, a resident of Oakland for
forty-three years, died this morning at
the family residence, Adams, near Per
kins street, Vernon Heights. The de
ceased manufacturer had been ill sev
eral weeks.
Remillard founded the extensive plant
of which he was the head. He estab
lished kilns in this county and at other
bay shore points. For many years he
gave the closest attention to the busi
ness. A brother, E. Remillard, was as
sociated with him for years. The first
kilns were built at San Leandro. Later
kilns were operated at Pleasanton and
also at Point San Quentin.
The pioneer's -heaHh began to break
some time ago, and, under physicians'
advice, Kemillard retired from active
part in business affairs. He had a high
conception of standards of commercial
integrity.
His birthplace was St. Valentz, Prov
ince of Quebec. Canada, and he was 67
years old. A wife, Mrs. Cordelia Rem
illard, and two daughters. Miss Emma
T. Remillard and Miss Lillian V. Rem
illard. survive.
Philip H. Hemillard, the only son,
died two years ago. Remillard was
a member of the Masonic fraternity
and of the Athenian Club. The
funeral arrangements have not been
made.
Artist Miner Is Dead.
NEW LONDON,. Conn., Aug. 3.—
Grannel Miner, known in America and
Europe as a landscape painter and
artist, died to-day at his summer home
in Waterford.
Irish Judge Passes Away.
LONDON, Aug. 3. — William O'Con
nor Morris, an Irish Judge, is dead.
*— - — r +
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Lleutennnt Commander Bostwick Is
Ordered' to the" Eagle — Changes
In Postal Service.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3. — The fol
lowing navy order has been Issued:
Lieutenant Commander F. M. Bost
wick is detached from the command
of the Philadelphia at the navy yard,
Puget Sound, Washington, August 25
and ordered to the command of the
Eagle. A delay of twenty days en
route is authorized. ,
The following rural routes have
been established: Oregon — Carlton,
Yamhill County, routes 1 and 2. area
covered 35 square miles, population
served 818; Warren, Columbia County,
route 1,. area covered 11 square miles,
population served 405. Washington —
Goldendale, Klickltat County, addl
ti« nal service, route 2, area covered 29
square miles, population served 562.
The name of the postoffice at Shorb,
Cal., has been changed to Dolgeville.
Lizzie Caughell has been commis
sioned postmoster of Gold Beach, Or.
Choctaws Elect Governor.
SOUTH McALESTER, I. T., Aug.
3. — Green McCurtin to-day was re
elected Governor of the Choctaw na
tion, defeating T. W. Hunter. This is
the last tribal election.* 2
Eugenie A. Norton has filed a peti
tion to be appointed guardian of
f,-year-old Annie Kidd. daughter of
William and Enma Kidd, of 2117
Fifth street, Berkeley. While the child
is the granddaug;ht?r of Honora Bent
'ley of Berkeley, who is reputed to be
very wealthy, the petition states that
the parents are too poor to take care
of the child.
OAKLAND. Aug. 3. — Petition for
the modification of a decree of divorce
granted Jacob B. Woods a year ago
v.as made to-day by Alice Woods, who
now wishes to get possession of her
•two children. She consented that their
father be granted the custody of them
because at that time she was so poor
that she was unable to care for them.
Kfcw she is able to do this and states
that the children have been taken to
Olinfla, in Shasta County, where the
little girl of 7 or 8 years of age is
left much alone and needs a mother's
care.
Divorced Woman Asks That Hrr
Daughter Be Restored to Her
Keeping.
PETITIONS FOR THE
CARE OF HER CHILDREN
MERCHANT MARINE COMMISSION ARRIVES
ROBBED OX STREETCAR— M. Neub«-rger.
a merchant of Santa Rosa, was robbed ytstcr
day on a Suttcr-streot car of a wallet con
taining $:!C0 in $20 bills.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
WINS LARGE FORTUNE
BY DECISION OF COURT
Reno Farmer Becomes Beneficiary of
an Estate Left to Ilia
First AVife.
RENO, Nev., Aug. 3. — EH Thompson
has received news that the courts of
England have decided that he is en
titled to an interest in an estate val
ued at $30,000,000, Thompson for twen
ty years has been operating a small
farm close to this city. He was mar
ried several years ago, his wife beir.?
a sister of a prominent nobleman of
England. Later she died, and a few
months afterward her brother passed
away, leaving ah immense fortune ar.d
declaring .her an equal heir. Her share
amounted ¦, to early $30,000,000. Thv
English heirs contested Thompson's
right to share the estate.
CHICAGO. Aug. 3. — In quest of a
mysterious white race, which lives in
the mountains of Northern China, Pro
frssor Frederick Starr, head of the de
partment of anthropology at the Uni
versity of Chicago. w*i 11 leave next
spring for a lon.ar stay in the. Orient.
After searching for the strange people
in the mountains, Professor Starr may
spend 'the remainder of his life among
the Chinese, for he declares that
China within three years will occupy
the center of the worlds' stage in com
merce. His plans' were announced in
his lecture to his class In anthropol
ogy.
Chicago Anthropologist Believes In
Existence, of Mysterious Peo
ple In Orient.
WHJj SEARCH IN CHINA
FOR STRANGE WHITE RACE
Schwerin, president of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, at a din
ner given at the Pacific Union Club.
In his address of welcome Mr. Schwe
rin, after wishing the commission a
pleasant visit here, talked of the work
that is before it. He said that it was
necessary that the mercantile Inter
ests must keep pace with the creation
of the merchant marine' and that In
this lies the secret of the success of
Great Britain and Germany. "We will
have to follow in their footsteps," said
Mr. Schwerin, "for there is no doubt
that with American merchants, Amer
ican traders and American banking
corporations located all over the
world to transact the agency and fin
ancial business of the American ships
the means of creating the carrying
trade for such bottoms is Immensely
aided and facilitated."
In addition to the guests of honor,
the members of the commission, the
secretary and stenographer, the fol
lowing named were present:
Leslie M. Combs. Frank B. Anderson,
II. C. Breden. Samuel O. Buckbee. Jam's
Byrne, Andrew Carrigan, Alexander Center, A.
Chesebrough. George D. Cooper Edgar J. de
Pue, Edwin R. Diamond, ' A. W. Fos
ter. Charles M. Goodall, Charles E.
Green. A. B. Hammcnd. William
F. Herrin, C. Osgood Hooker, Charles
Webb Howard. John L.. Howard, J. C. Klrk
patrlck, W. H. Laboyteaux, Dr. B. MarMon
agle. John Martin. C. H. Markham. M. F.
Michael. C. C. Moore. Percy T. Morgan, Henry
D. Morton. George W. McNear George C.
Perkins. H. G. Platt. R. P. Rithet Jamea
Rolph Jr., John I. Sabin. R. P. Schwerin, T.
H. Scott. William Sproule. R H. Swaynw.
F. W. Van Sicklen. A. A. Watkins. Clinton E.
Worden, Thomas B. McFarland, Major Gen
eral Arthur MacArthur Major C. A. TX-vol,
Admiral B. Calla. Eugene E. Schmltz. D. D.
Stubbs, Herbert George. Robert Forsyth. F.
W. Dohrmann. Gregory Apcar. W. E. Poarce,
A. Sbarboro. W. H. Wheeler. I. W. Hellman,
George A. Knight. W. 15. Hamilton John P.
Irish. Philip N. Lllienthal. E. R. Lllionthal.
H. D. Loveland, J. Spiers Jr., A. Holm&n. C.
L. Shainwald. Count Hubert de Montague,
Arthur Hill. H. W. Ellicott.
The Marine Committee at 10 o'clock
this morning will begin its labors at the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce.
The members will take luncheon at the
Pacific Union Club as the guests of
the Shipowners' Association and to
morrow they will be similarly enter
tained by the Chamber of Commerce.
That^they will be further entertained
there is no doubt, but the plans have
not yet matured.
SAN FRANCISCAN WALKS
FROM COAST TO ST. LOUIS
Starts With Three Cents and Arrives
at Fair With Three Burros
and a Colt.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 3.— M. G. Harman
of San Francisco arrived in St. Louis
Monday, having walked all the way
from San Francisco.
After leaving Lc-s Angeles, when he
neared the edge of the desert, he se
cured a team of three burros, which
he hitched to a cart of his own build
ing, using this vehicle to transport
his baggage and camp equipment. Ten
weeks ago a colt was born, which Har
man named Pitts. Since then It has
traveled 1200 miles, apparently thriv
ing on the long journey, .w?.;
Harman started with a three-cent
piece. He says that at no time during
the journey has he possessed a much
larger sum, but he was never hungry
and the burros were fed regularly.
In Southern California he was joined
by T. E. Holden of Azusa, Cal., who
has been with him since.
they are going to write no sonnet on
their return to Washington; they are
going to write law, and to every ship
owner and every shipper, to every cap
tain and every sailor before the mast
they extend an invitation to come and
tell their stories, that the nation may
be enriched and the American ship sail
every sea.
A WONDERFUL HARBOR.
Regarding the impressions he had
gained on the trip around the bay,
Senator Gallinger said:
You cannot say too much about this wonder
ful harbor. There la no finer port in the
world and we are going to do everything we
can to aid In building up a great shipping
trade her* and In every port of the I nlon.
\\> do not alore want to hear about shipping
from ship owners, for our instructions direct
that we phall also Investigate the_llfe of the
American eailor and suggest ways. If we can,
to make life on the sea more attractive to him.
All of these things make for the great pur
pose we are aiming at — thn upbuilding of the
American merchant marine. The interior peo
ple "do not apprcclata the value of the shipping
Interests as they should. If the work we are
doing tlce» not immediately benefit their lo
cality, people are often Indifferent If net hostile
to our alms and we murt educate the people
and inculcate a national spirit that will recog
nize that what helps one helpa all. I always
vote for everything the West wants, for I
know that in the upbuilding of the great West
the nation will be advanced and the manufac
turers and tradeemen of the entire nation bene
fited. This Is a fact people must learn to ap
preciate. When .they do. sectionalism, etateUm
will die and we will advance higher than we
are above the rest of the nations of the globe.
IMPORTANCE OF THIS PORT.
Congressman Minor had the follow
ing to say:
San Francisco has become one of the Im
portant swa ports of our country and Is des
tined to become one of the great maritime
ports of the world, but. as Important as it is
at the present time, it la but the beginning of
what It Is destined to become within a com
paratively short time. Dewey-9 guns at Ma
nila changed the commercial map While the
boys behind the guns ceased Urine to take
their breakfast the Pacific Coast was bound-
Ing forward at a more- rapid pace than was
then possible to measure; Us commercial sun
had risen, and when the bugle *o«n d . ed *°
arms and the work in hand was finished, the
victory won. with the »tar« and stripes wav
ing triumphantly over Manila Bay. a bright
and promUlns future came within easy grasp
of the Pacific Coast, and especially of this city.
This 19 truly a commercial age. The contest
la on-not a contest between Individuate, but
it la a contest that Involves the three greatest
industrial nations of the earth, one of which
Is the United States. W here, I ask. Is the
true American who fears the battle or doubts
the results? With unlimited resources, skill,
enterprise and genius such as no other coun
try can fairly reckon on, we fear not and will
fail In anything tending to keep our country in
advance of the nations of the earth. Your
future cannot bo measured by the record you
have already made, bright and pleasing as
it is Ban Francisco is a great city. You have a
harbor unsurpassed In size and but few surpass
It in depth. You have the resources of country
tributary to It that Is well nigh an empire of
Itself and with a people filled with push,
energy and enterprise, you arc in the highway
that l»ads to a future greatnesw that no man
of Intelligence will dare to measure at this
time. ¦ Your people have given evidence that
they appreciate the importance of the work
of our commission and that Is very pleasing
to us. We all love Americanism wherever we
find It and we are gratified to witness it here
In your city. We shall always remember your
people with kindness and our best wishes will
be for the continued growth of San Francisco.
INJURY OF SECTIONALISM.
Representative Humphrey said he
was very much impressed with the har
bor and though he came from Wash
ington State he did not feel that in
endeavoring to aid San Francisco he
was working to the detriment of his
home ports. "There is enough trade in
the Pacific for all of us," he said, "and
we should all wbrk together. Section
alism always works injury. By im
proving one port the other Is stirred
to make improvements and thus the
great end we are working for, the up
building of the merchant marine, is
furthered."
Congressman Spight said he was as
tonished at what he had seen. He had
no Idea of the size and beauty of the
harbor and hoped that the efforts of
the commission of which he is a mem
ber will devise ways and means that
will put the American flag on the ma
jority of the vessels, daily growing in
number, that carry cargoes from and
bring them" to this harbor. "
Last night the members of the com
mission were the guests of R. P.
WILD BUILD RAILROAD
TO MOUNT HAMILTON'
Company Is Organized In San Jose
With $20,000 Capital for Pre
liminary Work.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 3.— The Mount
Hamilton Railway Company will be
incorporated here In a few days. At a
meeting of the promoters of the rail
road yesterday it was decided to organ
ize with a capital of $20,000 to do the
preliminary work of the road. This
stock will be sold among the citizens
of this. city. The company will have
surveys made, secure rights of way.
select a route and get an estimate of
cost of construction of the road.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3. — Thomas "W.
Morgan, a pioneer resident of this
city, who for fifteen "years was City
Engineer of Oakland, died this even
ing at his home, 611 Nineteenth street,
from hemorrhage of the stomach. He
leaves a wife and six children. Ross
Morgan, Miss de Xeale Morgan,
Thomas W. Morgan Jr.. Dana Rober
deau Morgan, James Wheat Morgan
and -Jennie Christine Morgan, all of
whom reside in this city. Arrange
ments for the funeral have not yet
been made.
Pioneer City Official Dead.
"Captain" Kellner was a native of
Hanover and 68 years of age. Surviving
him are a wife and two married daugh
ters. No arrangements have yet been
made for the funeral, though it is un
derstood that it will be conducted by
Lookout Mountain Post of War Vet
erans, to w,hich he belongs.
"Captain" Kellner fought gallantly
with Grant in the Civil War, and it
was his five y«.ars of fighting that gave
him a taste for the excitement of the
plains. When he quit the life of a
scout he tame to California to live. For
a long time he was in the employ of
James Lick and subsequently he be
came superintendent of the. University
grounds. In this capacity he served
for fourteen years and became known
to every student who attended the uni
versity as a man of generous spirit
and kindliness. He had a fund of sto
ries which seen^ed inexhaustible. »
'Captain" Kellner's death was direct
ly due to his self-sacrifice and bravery.
His last illness began with a wound
that he received in an Indian fight
twenty years ago on the plains. A red
skin aimed for a vital spot while--. he
was fighting a band of savages and
death would have ended with a bullet
then had it not been for the soldier's
watch. The bullet struck the watch
and glanced off. thus saving Kellner's
life. But the concussion left a' little
wound and throuph all these years the
old Indian fighter has suffered frequent
pain.
A year or two ago a tumor formed
on the spot where the bullet had struck,
gradually growing until it sapped all
the man's strength. At last it became
so malignant and exhausting that the
doctors decided upon an operation in
the hope of saving their patient's life.
The operation was performed thi3
morning, but the loss of blood that ac
companied it was too great. Two hours
afterward "Captain" Kellner passed
away.
BERKELEY, Aug. 3.— Emil Kellner,
known to alumni and students of the
University of California as "Captain"
Kellner and a familiar figure on the
campus, a man who fought for the
North in the Civil war and for civiliza
tion against the Indians, died at noon
to-day at the Fabiola Hospital, hav
ing succumbed to an operation for a
tumor.
Injury Received in Fight With
Indians Results in
His Death.
•I" *
Long Career of Oakland's
Pioneer Brick Maker
Is at an End.
EMIL KELLNER, A CIVIL. WAR
VETERAN. WHO DIED AFTER
HOSPITAL OPERATION.
PETER X. REMILLARD, MILLION
AIRE BRICK MANUFACTURER.
WHO DIED IN OAKLAND.
The captured deserter was awakened
this morning by a detective. Roberts
had a headache and felt that he would
have to pay dearly for his escapade,
as he had only finished serving a
thirty day's sentence on bread and
water in the Pensacola's brig.
Roberts wap liberated four days ago.
and last night was on watch at the
time Brigps was doing sentry duty. He
side the ship lay a fccw. O. R. Sm;th,
a s-hlpmate, was consulted, and short
ly after midnight the three slid down
a rope into the tub and shoved off.
It was 2 o'clock when they reached
land and daylight before Roberts had
Imbibed a sufficient quantity of liquor
to make him unable tw navigate. He
was put to bed by his friends, who left
htm. Roberts has been in trouble be
fore. He deserted from the United
States ship Solace and has served a
two years' term in a reformatory at
St. Louis. If they catch Briggs. Rob
erts says, he is apt to get a general
ccrurt-martial. a« he was doing: =entry
duty, and the offense is a grav r.e.
With a couple of- boards for paddles
and a box for a boat. tnre« deserters
from the Unltfd States ship Pensa
co!a, lying off Gvuit Island, iowed
to tn« Oakland mole after midnight
lrst night and proceeded to cet drunk
on water front whisky. Frank Rob
erts, one of the rscapes, was captured
befor* he had wakrd frqm his drbauch
and is now in the county Jail waiting
for the United States authorities to
take £«ne action toward bringing him
to punishment for h's act. His com
panions, Joe Brlpgs and O. It Smith;
¦BTf still at liberty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Aup. 3.
If a rehearing is not granted or if
the case goes against them it is prob
able that a case will be taken up
from this county.
Meanwhile the constables In this
county are not letting the grass grow
under their feet, and "vag alley" in the
County Jail is fuller than it has been
for years.
Some of these 200 officials are in
good districts where the "hobo" crop
is large and perennial, but many of
them are compelled to take the drip
pings that come to them from the
trains of the various railroad lines. In
the big railroad centers like Oakland.
Stockton, Fresno, Sacramento and
similar places constables and Justices
would much prefer to be upon a fee
basis, for every tramp is worth from
$4 to $6 according to the mileage that
can be charged against the regular fee
of $4. But there are others who would
rather have the salary basis, and the
majority are of this class.
So the constables and Justices of the
Peace have got together and have em
ployed George A. Sturtevant, Deputy
District Attorney General, and A. F.
St. Sure, and they are going to peti
tion for a rehearing of the decision.
The ca3e upon which the decision was
rendered came from Fresno County,
and the two attorneys have secured
the permission of District Attorney
Jones of that county to ask for a re
opening of the case before the Supreme
Court.
The constables and Justices of the
Peace throughout the State see a re
turn to the old conditions of arresting
'"hobos" In order to make their offices
pay, if the recent decision of the Su
preme Court shall stand.. There are
over 200 constables and Justices of the
Peace in the State, and the indications
are that each and every one of them is
affected by the decision that places
them on a fee basis.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 3.
The friends of George E. Randolph,
candidate for Supervisor in the Fifth
District, held a meeting last evening
in the Second Ward. M. P. Manning
presided and Randolph made a state
ment of his position in the contest.
There were addresses by Allan G. Clark
of Berkeley, Jere Tyrrell, Thomas Mur
phy and others.
The Young Men's Republican Club
of the Fiftieth Assembly District was
organized to-night with a roll of fifty
five members.
Several Alameda County names have
been suggested of late, among them
being William R. Davis, Cluy C. Earl
and George W. Heed, though none of
the gentlemen have indicated any in
tention of making a . contest for the
place and several have said that they
could not serve.
The next most important move was
the withdrawal of R. B. Tappan from
the fight for the Republican nomina
tion for Assemblyman from the Forty
seventh District, which is exclusively
in the city of Alameda. There was
a conference between Tappan and some
of his friends last evening, and to-day
he announced his' withdrawal from the
fight. This leaves J. Clem Bates, the
incumbent, without opposition.
The withdrawal of Tappan will not
affect the Senatorial situation in the
fight for the unexpired term of J. R.
Knowland, who will succeed Metcalf in
Congress. Ex-State Senator E. K. Tay
lor arrived from the Grand Canyon of
the Colorado to-day and announced
positively that he waa a candidate for
Senator once more and that he would
contest with W. M. Simpson.
Several now developments took place
in the political situation in Alameda
County to-day. One of the most im
portant was the suggestion of the name
of F. M. Smith, the head of the Key
Route ferry, the Realty Syndicate,
the Oakland Transit Company and the
Pacillc Coast Borax Company, for
Presidential elector on the Republican
ticket. Smith's name was advanced
by several of his friends while he was
in the East, but it was announced posi
tively that he would not accept the
place.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 3.
School Superintendent S. D. "Water
man has reports from the schools that
show a big increase in the enrollment
since the schools ooened, In spite of
the order from the State Board of
Health requiring all children to be vac
cinated. The Superintendent estimates
that there will be some 250 new pupils.
Dr. Woodson W. Allen, president of
the Board of Education, nays that he
will resign from the board at the next
meeting if the other members insist
upon applying the vaccination law in
the schools. Dr. Allen Intimated when
the board met last night that he would
resign on this account. But to-day he
flat-footedly announced that he would
withdraw after the next meeting un
less in the meantime his colleagues
modify .their position, a contingency
which he very much doubts.
"I am not opposed so much to vac
cination as I am to the law that com
pels it," said Dr. Allen last night. "I
consider it an Infringement ur>on the
liberties of the people. It is forcing
them to take what they do not want.
All have a right to their opinions, and
if they oppose vaccination they should
be entitled to act according to their
judgment, not according to a set of
lawmakers."
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2143 Center street. Aug. 3.
Imbibe Too Much Water
Front Whisky and Are Ar
rested Early in Morning
Attorneys Are Already at
Work Upon the Docu
ments in the Case
Assembly Situation . in the
City Across the Bay Is
Cleared by Withdrawal
J. K. and Parah M. McL#an tr> Charles E.
Hope, lot on N* line of Nineteenth »trr»t, 118
E of Castro. E 27 by X 103:9. Oakland; $if>.
Central Bank to Kathryn E. lfcnn«-bfrry.
lots 19 to 23. block 1. Whltcner** official map.
quitclaim cle*d. Oakland: $iO.
Kathryn K. Hennfbrry to Phoenix Irea
Works Company, lot on >TW corner of First
and Castro streets, W 10O by X 100. lota U>
to 23. block 1 Kellersberger's map. Oakland;
$10.
J II. T. and Henrietta Watklnson to Thomij
Pollard lot on S line of Flfty-ftr»t street. J00
E of Cherry E 40. S 120. W 4O. N 10©. \o- »;.
block. C. map of Central Oakland Tract No. ".
Oakland; also all that portion of lot 7«. block
C. said trait lyln* S of 8 line of Fifty-first
street extended E to E boundary Mae- of tald
above' tract and adjoining said lot 6. Oakla!;il;
$10
I-^ah F. Mott to Ethel O. Farley (sla(r».
lot on S\V line of East Fifteenth street. 1J*>
SFT of Twenty-second avenue. SB 55 by SW
140. lot 10 and portion of lot 11. block tl.
San Antonio. East Oakland: *10.
Helen W. and Egbert J. Martin to Clarenc»
I. Newcomb lot on E line of Fulton ¦trerr.
43 S of Carlton. S . r >o by E 125. block U."5.
lierkeley property, mat* Nos. 1 and 2. Blake
Tract, j'ortion of plat 63. etc.. Berkeley: $10.
S. D. Ayer.-t to J. O. Sanchea. lot on »W
Hn* of Ellsworth ami Ward streets. W 50 by
K 134:0. portion of Jfita 4. o and 6. block X.
Leonard Tract Berkeley: $1<X>.
Continental RutMing and Lean Association
to David Holden. lot on E line of Kins «tre*t.
112:10',* N of Mason. N 3»:7Vi by E 1 •-•<>.
jortlon of lot 3D. block 11. map of lands in
Kegent-street Homestead Association. Berke
ley $10
Kll and Laura A. Henderson to M. Rlnehart,
lot on W line of Chestnut street. 20* S of
Thirty-fourth S 72 by W 127. block 876,. Board
man's map. Oakland; $10.
Helen IJ. James and Charles Alaert Jam's
(husband) to Fred Finrk, lot on SE corner of
Lydla and Curtis streets. E 100 by ri 50. lot 4.
block J (303). Curtis & Williams Tract. Oak
land: $10. ¦•¦
J. S. and Clara Myers (wife) to Grace M.
Frost (wife of \V. T.). lot on W line of Mark»t
street K0:« SW of Twelfth. S 27:6 by W 12%
Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft (by A. n. Breed, attor
ney) to A. W. and Anastasia S. Mahone. lot
on R line or Firty-fourtn cr Sonoma street.
i!00 E cf Market. U 4l> by S 135. lot 6. block
O. map Santa Vm Tract No. 4. Oakland, deed
and agreement: $15.
Same to M J. and Elizabeth Carroll (Wife),
lot on S line of Fifty-fourth or Sonoma etreet.
lt!0 E of Market. E 40 by 3 133. lot 5, block
O. same map, Oakland, deed and agreement;
$10.
Pacific Improvement Company to Southern
Pacific Company ta corporation), land near
line of Northern Railway bounded N by land
of Carleton, K by right of way of Northern
Hallway S by lands of Pardee and W by Bay
of San Franc.sco. portion plat Sft. Kellersber
irer's map. Oakland Township; $UU0.
B H. Griffins (single) to Edward T. Morris.
lot on W line of Franklin street. 2C0 N tit
Fourteenth. N 42. W lOo. S IT W 23, 3 23. E
123. lot 1«. Schrneder Tract. Oakland; $10.
James W. and Mary A. Rooney and Julia
Rocney (widow) tr> Bernard and Mary Cun
ningham, lot on X9 line of Myrtle street. -U>
S of Went Fifth. S 23 by W 125. lot 3S. blocic
481, map of Hardy's Addition to Adeline and
Market Street Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Maude II. and Edward A. Norton to Clarence
C. and Etta E. Pakin. lot on E line of Spring
utreet 17* S of Vine. E 14.". CO by 3 &"., betng W
'•i of lot 17. block 3. Berkel«»y View Homestead,
and four-room cottage on E *i of said lot IT.
etc.. Berkeley: ?H>.
Alice M. Roberts (widow) to Thad M. Tup
per all Interest acquired under an unrecorded
contract with Nellie C. Henry, lot on NE corner
of Delaware and Grove streets. E 47:6. N Do.
W 45. S flo.34. portion of lot* 13 and 19; block
B, James Tract, quitclaim deed. Berkeley: $!<>.
Nellie C. Henry (widow) to same (single),
same Berkeley; $10.
Martin Petersen (single) to William A. Ja
cobson. lot on W line of Mary street. .".CO S
of Allston way. 8 50 by W 130. lot 7. block 11.
McGee Tract, portion of plat 67 of Kelleraber
ger's survey. Berkeley; $10.
Peter II. Stubfcs fsinjjle) to Fredartck, Lub
ben (single) lot on S line of Railroad avenue.
350 E of Chestnut str?et. E 50 by S 217:8, lot
II. block 6, lands adjacent to Enclnal. Ala
meda; $10.
II MAI/ ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alameda Connty
WEDNESDAY. AtrGt.'S
School Director Prefers to
Withdraw Rather Than
Give Support to Bad Law
DESERT -..AT MIDNIGHT
ASK FOR A REHEARING
TAPPAN OUT OF FIGHT
DECLARES IT INJUSTICE
Three Young Sailors Make
Perilous .Journey in a
Box to the 31a inland
Many Constables and Jus
tices Will Sue to Have
Pay Wagon Resume Trips
Dr. Woodson W. Allen Goes
on Record as Opposed
to the Vaccination Order
Friends of F. M. Smith
Suggest That He Become
the Republican Candidate
ESCAPE FROM
THE PENSACOLA
WILL LEAVE
SCHOOL BOARD
WANT REPEAL
UPON DECISION
URGE HIS NAME
FOR ELECTOR
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, 1901.
OLD SOLDIER
SUCCUMBS TO
AN OPERATION
P. N. REMILLARD
DIES AFTER A
TEDIOUS ILLNESS
4
j ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap in stick, form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap.
Sold all over the world.
foifrrroVI CUKE SICK HEADACHE.
HrrTLE Genuins Must Bear
If IVER Fas-Sitniie Signature
WANT ADVERTISERS IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
WILL RECEIVE FREE
A copy of the beautiful picture,
"HOTHOUSE TREASURES,"
Size 36x10 inches, on heavy
plate paper.
Tills picture shows » yard of
freshly culled roses In their
.wonderful variety, falling In
rich- profusion from a bowl.
Beautiful Jacqueminots, stately
American Beauties, rich Mare-
chal Neils and others form, a
floral picture that will strongly
appeal to all lovers, of nature
and art. The exquisite coloring
of these flowers Is: followed In
detail and the picture will be a
valuable ornament to any home.
BRING YOUR ADS TO-DAY.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA3rEI)A COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
, 1016 Broadway.
Tclephonr Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
, AliAMEDA.
14.13 rark Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOT A TOOTHACHE?
Don't attempt to cure It with any of
the so-called toothache cures. Better let
11X0 DENTISTS
Examine the tooth, locate the trotibl*
and remove the cause.
EXAMIHATJCmS MASS TBEE.. £
All our work is high grade. The teeth
made in our laboratory are perfect ,ln
appearance and action.
Plates, rail Set. 83. Bridge Work. S3.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
3 TATZ.OS ST.. SA2T rSAVCXSCO.
973 "Waahiatrtca St.. Oakland.
Baa Jose. • ¦ ¦ Sacram»ato.Alleged Robbers Captured.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 3. — This
evening the Sheriffs office captured
six men as they were leaving a freight
train at Oil Junction on the Southern
Pacific and they are held on the
charge of holding up the Santa Fe
agent at Hanford at the point of two
pistols and relieving him of $160 in
cash last night.
URIAH, Aug. 3. — Orne Montgomery
of San Francisco was accidentally shot
at Redwood Valley yesterday afternoon
and may lose his leg as the result. In
company with Ernest Lynch of this
city and T. Thomas of Petaluma Mont
gomery started on a huntinc: trip. The
boys were shooting doves alone the
road and in some manner the shotcun
slipped from the wagon. Young Lynch
grabbed for it and as he pulled it over
the dashboard the weapon was dis
charged. A few shot pierced his ear.
Young Thomas' hand was injured and
the remainder of the load took effect in
Montgomery's left leg. Montgomery
probably will -recover.
Carelessness in Handling of Shotgun
Results in Serions Accident In
Mciidocino County.
WEAPON IS DISCHARGED
AND LADS ARE INJURED
PORTERVILLE. Aug. 3. — Cayetano
Martinez, a wealthy rancher, living
near the Deer Creek Hot Springs, was
bitten on the hand to-day by a rat
tlesnake. Some neighbors found him
four or five hours afterward in a part
ly unconscious condition. They started
for this city to obtain medical assist
ance. ' but Martinez died before they
reached here.
Rattlesnake Bite is Fatal.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Aug. 3. — A jail
break was narrowly averted about 5
o'clock this afternoon at the jail under
the County Courthouse in this city,
when Rupert Downs, a felony
prisoner, was found in hiding in the
rcom of Under Sheriff Charles Ivins.
Downs was armed with a piece of-gas
pipe two feet long. Had Downs not
been discovered he would undoubtedly
have brained Ivins.
Felony Prisoner in San Luis Obispo
Jail Conceals Himself In
Ofiicer's Room.
PLANS TO KILL UNDER
SHERIFF AND ESCAPE
Investigation showed that the deed to
Griffin was made in British Columbia
by "Nelse Rasmussen." The handwrit
ing of the signature on the fraudulent
instrument resembled somewhat that
of the right Rasmussen, though not suf
ficiently to deceive an expert for a
moment. Evidently the forger had
made an attempt, however, at a fac
simile signature, as noted in the forma
tion of his capitals.
The real owner of the property in
volved has not the faintest idea of the
identity of his enterprising namesake,
and says he has never been in British
Columbia nor had any dealings with
any one there.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 3.— Niles Rasmus
sen, formerly of this city, although of
late soujourning in the Imperial coun
try, finds that since he has been away
his property in' Chollar Valley has
changed hands several times.
A short time since A. R. Schulen
berg, who has been looking after Ras
mussen's interests here, learned' that a
sale of the property was being nego
tiated by Los Angeles parties. He was
surprised to learn that it had been
deeded to a man named Griffin, who
had mortgaged it to one Anton Brown
and later deeded to him. Brown in
turn had deeded the property to Lewis
P. Cothenet.
Columbia Namesake Has Been
Forging Deeds.
San Diego Man Learns That British
RETURNS TO FIND THAT
HIS PROPERTY IS SOLD
ST. LOUIS, Aug . 3. — The Allied
Trades have gone out on a sym
pathetic strike, involving all the
trades of the packing house industries
in St. Louis.
Allied Trades Involved.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 3.— The build
ings for the double captains' quarters
at Fort Ro«ecran?, which have been
in course of construction for several
months, have been completed and ac
cepted by Constructing Quartermaster
C. D. Rolfe. The three other fort
buildings in this contract will be fin
ished within a week or so. Captain
E. D. Scott, who will be the ranking
officer on the reservation, will arrive
here on the 12th lnsL
Captains* Quarters Are Finished and
Other Structure? Are Soon to
Be Completed.
NEW ARMY BUILDINGS
AT FORT ROSECRANS
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 3. — An ordin
:,nce Has been passed which, August
20. makes it unlawful to track deer
with hounds in Santa Cruz County.
i\i* penalty is a fine of $100.
.Vlopt New Game I-aw.
T. YT. H.— There is gocA news for you at
home. M. W. If Ontario. •
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 3.— For
the purpose of inspecting the work of
the survey parties engaged in establish
ing the boundary line between Canada
and Alaska, the two' boundary commis
sioners representing Canada and the
United States are here en route to the
north. O. H. Tittmann, superintend
ent of the United States Coast and
Geodetic Survey, is the American com
missioner. Canada's interests are in
the hands of Professor W. F. Kinsr.
chief astronomer of Canada. These two
commissioners will remain In the north
two months. The survey will not be
completed until next season.
Preliminary Work Will Soon Begin
on IJne Between Canada
and Alaska.
COMMISSIONERS READY
TO ESTABLISH BOUNDARY
BIALYSTOK. Russia, Aug. 3.—Dur
ing a downpour of rain there was a
regular shower of small fish.
Shower of Fish in Russia.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 3. — An inquest
over the remains of the late Elizur
Wright, who was murdered by Thom
as Laws, was held this -morning. The
verdict was that d^ath resulted from
a gunshot wound af the hands of
Thomas J. .Laws.
Inquest «|ii Murder of Wright;
WHITNEY'S SON FILiES SUIT
TO RECOVER SPECIAL. TAX
NEW YORK. Aug. 3. — Harry Payne
Whitney has begrun legal proceedings
to recover from New York State and
Nassau County $21,200 paid by him as
part of the transfer tax on rea.1 estate
In New York comprising a portion of
the estate of his father, the late Wil
liam C. Whitney. The lawyers for
Whitney, with whom Ellhu Root is
associated, served a notice of appeal
torday at Mlneola. L. I.. William C.
Whitney having been a resident of
Nassau County at the time of hia
death.
The real estate Is valued at
$2,120,000 and the total estate at $32,
222,284. A transfer tax of 1 per cent,
or $222,222. has been paid by the
Whitney executors. The present ap
peal Is to have the collection of a 1
per cent tax on the real estate set
aside, because the act under which it
was made is declared unconstitutional,
in that a sufficient number of Assem
blymen and Senators were not present
when it was passed.
THOUGHT OF TRUNKS,
BUT FORGOT HER BABE
REDDING. Aug. 3.— Mrs. Marshall
Taylor became so excited to-day when
she found that her home was on flre
that she got out two trunks and then
fainted away without havin* thought
anything about her six-month-old baby
sleeping in the house.
Had it not been that Mrs. George
Cochran. a neighbor, arrived on the
scene and realized that the infant was
in the burning house the little one
would have been incinerated. Pecul
iarly enough, the Taylor home is on
the extreme edge of town and no alarm
was turned in for fire, as it was be
lieved to be a brush flre on the outskirts
of the city.
WOMEN MAIL CARRIERS
ARE WANTED IN IOWA
DES MOINES, Iowa. All*. 3. — Fe
male mail carriers are deemed almost
a necessity by Postmaster John, Mc-
Kay, who has made a recommendation
to the department at Washington fa
voring the removal of the ban that
now limits the civil service examina
tion for letter carriers to males.
"When you send a woman on an
errand." he said, "she will return tn
half the time a man will. She does
not stop to loiter. We find them equal
and even superior to men in the money
order. • stamp and other divisions and
I favor giving them a trial in the de
livery section."
FOUR NEW INSTRUCTORS
APPOINTED BY JORDAN
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 3.
The appointment of four additional In
structors to the faculty of the Englisn
department of Stanford University was
announced by President Jordan . yes
terday. The appointments are as fol
lows: John Kester Bonnell, a grad
uate of Stanford; Charles I* Story,
Stanford, '98; F. H. White, a graduate
of Harvard, and Howard J. Hall, Stan
ford, '96, professor of English at tne
University of Arizona.
Appoint New Superintendent.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 3.— George C.
Chadwick has been appointed super
intendent and chief engineer of the
new Santa Cruz Electric Railway. He
has been in the employ of the United
Railroa'ds in San Francisco for seven
years.
Santa Cruz Regulates Anto«.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 3. — An auto
mobile ordinance has been passed by
:"' o Supervisors; which prohibits au
tomobiles on the mountain roads,
arhieb include the Big Tree road. The
c-rdiuanee also regulates the speed.
FCpport of the citizens of Sun Benito
County. A committee of ten was ap
pyiirited .to nrsist Maine in securing
KfmOar contracts to those given by
the people at Watsonville.
Watson ville Transportation Comnnny
-. Makes Pror»o*.kion to Ext/end
Its Unc.
• HOLLISTEU, Aujr. 3. — H. H. Maine.
F'crftary of the Watsonvllle Trans-
P-'-rtatirfn Company, met the citizens
of Hollister to-day and explained the
purposes of the company toward the
exteorton of its line to Hollister and
probably to Fres=np. -R. P. Lathrop
Vas made chairman of the meeting
|-MTd L. \Y. JefTerson secretary. A mo
:ion- was unanimously adopted indors
n>ir the movement and pledging the
MHY IMPROVE SIirPPIXG
• • FACILITIES TO HOLLISTEU
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 3.— Governor
Pardee, accompanied by his wife and
two daughters, returned this after
noon from an extended Eastern trip.
The Governor expressed high appre
ciation of the value of the California
exhibit at the St. Louis Exposition.
He declared that while other States
sought to excel In corn, California
surpassed them not only In that but
in all other products.
The Governor spoke of his visit to
President Roosevelt at Oyster Bay as
a pleasant experience. The President,
he said, referred feelingly to his re
ception by California on his visit to
the coast last year and said Califor
nians would always retain a warm
place in his heart.
Governor Pardee said he could not
yet say whom he should appoint as
State Prison Director to succeed R.
M. Fitzgerald, or State library trus
tees to succeed Dr. Thomas Flint, de
ceased, and W. C. Van Fleet, term
expired.
CALIFORNIA'S DISPLAY
IS PRAISED BY PARDEE
SAUSALITO, Aug. 3.— Fred Marriott,
editor of a San Francisco weekly
paper, was arrested this morning by a
deputy marshal for refusing to pay his
annual street^ poll tax.
Marriott's arrest was the outcome of
the recent ordinance passed by the
Board of Trustees of the town of Sau
salito which compels every male Inhab
itant of the town of Sausalito to pay
an annual street poll tax of 51.
Marriott appeared before Judge Pry
or. The case was postponed until next
Saturday and Marriott was released on
his own recognizance. The Trusteas
have engaged Henry McPike of San
Francisco and George Harlan of San
Rafael to act as special counsel.
W. J. Martin, a member of the Sau
salito Board of Trustees, stated to-day
that the recent action of the board
with reference to the enforcement of
the ordinance levying a road tax of one
dollar on every male inhabitant is a
step that has two objects in view.- One
is to repair and put in order the boule
vard or shore road, the principal thor
oughfare, which connected the munici
pality with the Government reserva
tion — a thoroughfare that had been al
most completely destroyed by last win
ter's storms. The other is to levy a
tax upon a certain clr.ss who never pay
any taxes of any kind or character. It
Is from this class, if from any, that
the chief opposition to the ordinance is
expected to come.
Martin also remarked that the "Legis
lature of the State had placed the pow
er to pass and enforce such an ordi
nance in the Board of Trustees, and
that the x board had taken able counsel
and meant to sustain their action If it
could be done. Also that /while it was
the duty of the taxpayer to go to the
town marshal to pay hia tax. never
theless, for convenience to the taxpayer,
the town marshals had been instructed
to make collections, and to act with
courtesy and civility and^to report no
one unless an absolute refusal and de
fiance of the law was met with.
The board will enforce the ordinance
unless passed on adversely by the
courts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The other eighteen policemen made a
charge on the crowd. This time tho'on
slaught was in earnest, eighteen clubs
being swung from right to left with
all the muscle that the men could ren
der, and fully fifty rioters were beaten
to the pavement in this manner before
they showed any signs of scattering.
While admitting that the packers
are doing considerable business, the
strike leaders declare that the employ
ers are !c-sing money on every animal
that is slaughtered, as the unskilled
workers wasUj all the by-products. It
is on this waste that the strikers base
their hopes for final success.
In a riot that broke out at the yards
to-night two policemen were injured
and twenty-eight rioters were arrested
after being beaten into submission.
The riot started when five strike
breakers from one of the machine
shops In one of the packing plants
were leaving the yards and tried to
board a street car to go to their homes.
Despite the signals of the strike break
ers the motormen on twelve cars re
fused to stop and a crowd, seeing a
good opportunity to get revenge on the
non-union men, began to hurl stones at
them. Two policemen who were guard
ing the entrance went to the assistance
of the non-union men. but the rioters
by this time had grown in numbers so
rapidly that fully a thousand angry
men were trying to get at the strike
breaker?. Retreating into the machine
shop, the police sent in a riot call for
reinforcements. When the additional
policemen arrived a charge was made
on the rioters. The crowd mado an as
sault with bricks and stones and when
the policemen started forward every
man who could find room fought with
his brick. Two bricks went true to the
mark and two policemen dropped with
wounds on the head. They were car
ried by their companions to the ma
chine shop.
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— The threatened
spread erf the stockyards strike to out
side industries came to-night, when an
order was Issued by the Teamsters'
Union forbidding drivers of ice wag
ons to make any deliveries to retail
butchers who, since the packing-house
teamsters went on strike, have been
hauling meat from ths yards in their
own wagons. As the refrigerators in
most markets do not hold enough ice
to last lonser than forty-eight hours,
the order to cut ot'E the supply of ice,
if it can be forced, means that many
persons in Chicago will be compelled
to forego fresh meat. Officers at the
Teamsters' Union have appointed pick
ets to watch the retail markets
throughout Chicago, with instructions
to see that the boycott is carried out.
With their new employes and those
that have deserted the unions the
packers managed to dispose of fully
50 per cent as much work as is car
ried on under normal conditions.
Fewer than 300 new employes arrived
;it the various plants to-day. Tha
packers declare that the reason for
the small addition to their forces was
that they were about thro-ugh hiring
v. orkmen and were now choosing only
skilled men.
Stockyards Plants Are Be
ing Operated at Fifty Per
Cent of Their Full Capacity
Bonding" Town to Supply
Keservoirs oh an Elevation
The Proposed Plan Involves
The sprinkling problem has been a
severe one. It takes three or four horses
to haul up the grades a sprinkling cart
containing but 400 gallons. The town
is unable to employ more than one cart.
The plant that is proposed to supply
salt water would also be available for
fresh water whenever a sufficient sup
ply of fresh water could be obtained.
The shutting off at night is ner essary
that provision may be made in rough
the dry season. Unless the water is
economised there must be a great sum
mer shortage. The watfr supply ques
tion has been agitated for some time,
but without practical result.
Recently the Trustees of Sausalito
bought a small chemical engine and or
ganized a volunteer flre company to
handle it at fires. There is in Sausalito
a salt water pumping engine that is
available for use on the front of the
town. The hill has no protection ex
cept such as may be offered by the
• homicRl engine. Considering that it
requires some time to get the chemical
engine to a tire on the hill and that
this engine is useful principally at the
beginning of a fire, to quell the flames
in their incipiency, it has been appar
ent that other means must be had.
Under the present circumstances a
fire on the hi'J when the wind is blow
ing is certain to be disastrous. Lately
the Gaston Ashe residence was
burned. Luckily the fire took place on
a stlH night when there was no wind.
The chemical engine, the use. of sacks
and the cutting away of fences with
ax^s. prevented the adjoining proper
ties from taking fire.
The public meeting of this evening
was called to discuss the plan of bond
ing the town for the purpose of erect
ing tanks for a salt water supply for
the hil!; to run pipes from the tanks
along the terraces, with faucets "at
convenient places for hose in case of
fire and also for sprinkling the ter
races.
The Trustees wished to gst the senti
ment of the people and declined fcp ptu
c*ed until they had assurance that the
movement would be indorsed. There
txists a condition of aliairs that is per
ilous to the welfare of the town, i'nere
is absolutely no real protection for ths
property on the hill against fire in the
night. The water supply is shut off
every night at 9 o'clock and : s not
turned eriajjuiii until o o'clock in i- >
morning.
SAUSALITO. Aug. 3.— A meeting of
the citizens of Sausalito was held this
evening in the Town Hall, at which
the question of bonding the town to
provide a water supply for the protec
tion of the hiil districts of Sausalito
was considered. George Storey was
elected chairman. The following com
mittee was ejected to present pians and
specifications to the Town Trustees,
embodying the scheme to bond the
town: J. M. Kiigairiff. Captain t. C.
Cautwell, Bruce Bonny, Fred Linsley,
George Storey, J. K. Hanify, Charles*
liecker and f. A. Kobbins.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
her life.
•The complaint says that while San
ford was here Lytle imbibed his leach
i-ips. \Vhile he is n shingle weaver.
capable of earnirg: $4 a day. he gave
xyp . h's employment and took to
preachinjr and praying. She claims
h^r husband save her no rest day or
r.igit. insisting she was on the" straight
mad to burning hell and it was his de
termination to pray her out.
. Lytie cftrn brought cotr.panies of
nir::. and by prayir.p: and ringing they
v.ould krep her up all r.isht. At night
I'ytje v.ouid frequently awaken and,
v.ith groans and tear?, go out and be-
Efech fome of his friends to come In
arid htlp him pray his wife out of hell.
Meanwhile the larder ran low and the
wife ( was obliged to take in washing
to'earn bread. Her heaith failed, and,
Y~r husband forFaking her. went East.
•f:hr-. r.ow believes him to be in Ne
braska. .
TACOMA, Aug\ 3. — In a suit
I r.owght to-day by Mrs. Sadie A.
T.vtie for divorce from William D.
Lytlfe, the. teachings of Rev. M.r. Sar.
ford of Shiloh. Me., who Insists hi
Ex a *ecor.d "Elijah," are set forth as
one of the things whjeh have broken
up the peace of her home and ruined
Spec!*'. r>!rpatch to The Call
Larder Becomes Empty and
Woman Is Forced to Do
Menial Work for Support
«
Board of Trustees Declares
That Measure Is Just and
Obedience Will Be Exacted
DANGER ON THE HILL
PACKERS MAKE. GAINS
The Italian American Bank of San
Francisco, although not a party to to
day's action, has filed a formal protest
with the Secretary of State against the
grant of a charter to the Italian Bank
of California, the protest likewise being
based on the alleged . similarity of
names.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 3.— The Bank
of California is the plaintiff in an in
teresting action brought late this af
ternoon against Secretary of State
Charles F. Curry.
An institution styled the Italian
Eank of California, with San Fran
cisco as Its place of business, applied
to the Secretary of State this after
noon for a charter. Before the request
could be granted, the Secretary of
State was served with papers on behalf
of the Bank of California of San Fran
cisco, In an action of injunction.
The matter came up before Judge
Hughes in the Superior Court, who is
sued a temporary restraining order,
returnable Friday next. The Bank of
California's suit is based on the claim
that the similarity of its name with
that of the new concern is prejudicial
to its interests.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Notice Staying Proceedings
Served on Secretary Curry
Before Charter Is Granted
NEGLECTS HIS FAMILY
OBTAINS AN INJUNCTION
CASE GOES TO COURT
Enforcement of Recent Tax
Law in Sausalito Results
in the Arrest of an Editor
Teamsters Are Ordered Not
to Deliver Ice to Ee
tail Dealers in the City
Sausalito Citizens Take Steps
to Give Protection to
the Eesidence Section
Bank of California Com
plains at Title of Rival
• Institution Just Formed
Religions Mania Causes 3Ian
to Annoy Wife Until She
" Seeks Kelief in Courts
PRAYS HIMSELF
INTO DIVORCE
NO FRESH MEAT
FOR CHICAGOANS
NEW ORDINANCE
TO BE TESTED
MUCH IN NAME
TO THE BANKS
WANT MEANS
TO FIGHT FIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO XALIJ.. THURSDAY. AUGUST 4, 1004.
5
£§pD Of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WONDERFUL CURE
OF RHEUMATISM
I tell you thnt when one Is compelled
to stand on ones feet most of the day, if
there is any rheumatism In the system
it is pretty likely to show up in the feet.
Well, tiiis is what It did In my case. I
had suffered off and on with rheumatism
for a pood many years. I took all kinds
oi medicines. I rubbed all kinds of lini-
ments. My stomach became weak from
sv/allowSng medicines, yet the rheuma-
tism kept on getting worse. Finally It
grot into my feet and ankles. The feet
and ankles became swollen and painful,
so that I could hardly stand on them. It
looked as If 1 would have to give up my
position with %he Domestic. Sewing: Ma-
chine Company. 1021 Market street,
where I have been employed for a good
many years. I did not wish,, to give up
my position, so I decided to take the
Electro-Chemic treatment, for I • had
heard that this new treatment never
fails In rheumatism. I took the Electro-
Chemic treatment at the Institute. US
Grant avenue, and in five weeks, at a
very little expense, I was thoroughly
cured. My name Is Mrs. Mary Richards
and I live at 213 Shotwell strceL Con-
sultation and examination free at the
Flectro-Chemic Institute, and I surely
advise all sufferers to consult the Elec-
tro-Chemic specialists before taking
heaps of*-nasty medicines, which in all
probability will never cure them.,-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To cure a weak stomach is to
tkkc Hcstettcr's Stomach Bitters
sX the very first symptom. It does
away with starving and dieting
yotirself because it puts the stom-
ach' in proper condition to digest
tin! food. In this way it cures
Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Constipa-
tion, Biliousness, Heartburn, In-
somnia, Headache, Cramps or
•Diarrhoea. Nervous and sickly
women also find the Bitters un-
.equajed as a regulator and tonic.
We urge a fair trial.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
\tou Do Up Your Bundle—
; ; : "We Do ifie Rest."
'¦ Wrap up .your washables. let us know
. day each week to call for them and
"¦ xekho you want them delivered at your
¦»!oor and — dismiss the matter from your
• mhid. Back they'll come laundered,
frifsh. stv.ert-. soft or crisp as the cas«-e-
' «iufr«Ts and altogether to your lilqr.g.
*»1i1S laundry suits men. suit* women,
eufts everybody.
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY,
• * 1O04 2XARXXT STEEET.
.. - * ' . Soutb 42O.
f. Fcrlcct Fitting {V^ *
Eyeglasses cf
At Mo&rafs Cost |\
; V642 4iarke.tSt.
UMXT1U> STATIC 3BAKC2
stateTvyeint
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTHERN ASSURANCE
COMPANY
OP LONDON. IN ENGLAND. ON THE 318?
day of December. A. D. 19CW. and for th»
year ending on that day. «» made to the In-
surance Commissioner of tbe State or Cali-
fornia, pursuant to' the provisions of Section
610 and 611 of the Political Cod*. condena«cl
as per blank furntshed by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $163.0C0 CO
Cash Market Value ot all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,536,543 r»
Cash Jn Company 1 * O.'fict» 7.717 9t
Cash Jn Banks 162.577 01
Interest due and accrued on Bonda
and Mortgages 10.67S 23
Premiums la due course of collec-
tion 487.800 S3
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 170 7 »
Total Assets i $p. 400. 437 fci
IJ ABILITIES. > —=====
Losses adjusted and unpaid $74,727 74
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 144.431 45
Losses resisted, including expenses 44.76J 94 -
Gross premiums en Flre Risks run-
ning one year or l*ss. $2,008.- -
2t2> 01; reinsurance 50 p<sr cent. 1.0O4.134 SO
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. 41. 5-1. •
723 7S: reinsurance pro rata S42.775 37
Di:» and accrued for Salaries.
Rents, etc BCO 10
Commissions and Brokerast due
and to become due 70.396 S3
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums 119,004 SO
All other Liabilities 3 003 OS
Total Liabilities $2.302,883 C3
INCOirE. ~
Vtt cash actually received for Flrw
'premiums $2,303,082 SO
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Leans and
from all other sources W.347 7.1
Received for Rents 7,000 PO
I Received from ail other sources.. 8.480 »
Total Ineoms $2.413.830 *S
EXPENDITURES. !
Vet amount paid for Fire Losses
* < including I147.S03 46. losses of
crevlous years) $1.070.00« 3*
Paid or allowed tor Commission or
Brokerage —••••;;• M1.13 »
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. . 13L41» 43
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ..•••••«•««• .••-..-.--•-. 70.S1B 43
All other payments and expendl-
tures • Tit. 010 83
Total Expenditures S2.3CT.306 43
FlrT
Losses Incurred daring th« year. .$1.118.830 1.V
Risks and Premiums.) Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durlr.r the ••
year? $232,971,041 $3.SS«.57S 13
Net amount of Risks
expired duriosr the '
year C41.S73.611 Z83«»«l» 43
Ilet amount la force
December 31. 1303.. 30S.2S3.111 3.529.994 7t>
GEO. W. 3ABB. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me-, t&ls
27th day of January,* 1904.
GEO. H. CORET. i
Commissioner for California In Jt»w York.
Western Department. Chieajra:
O. H. LER1I1T. Manager.
San Francisco Office/No. 230 California St.
Walter J. Wilson, Resident Manager.
Ahpel & Brackman, City Agents,
No. 209 Sansonu St. Tel. Main 578 1
II a 17 ppiipn Prompt relief. Cans* removed.
SlUI Pr B En S«mptomsnerjrr«turo A eo-n-
¦"•• 1 ¦ "¦"•*pi»t« »n<i p«rniftnant connitu-
Ao I ilfilM Wrto at oncoforlt, to
P. HAROLD HAYES. Buffalo, N. Y.
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
TH|jfepT AFLOAT OR ASHORE
DISTRJBinORS 1^^ louisyille.kt
I wtnt to ier the Z5<» cT*t '7 f I \±
And (he panyrami, teo, *ijf t I
1 want to look at everything 1 like. f / I %
I Ve heard o* the Plaisanc: ¦ f 4 I • j*
And the Cairo girli that dance — EM * (ft
Sajr, I wonder if they'll hare "am en the Tikaf 3 a 1 S -
— '*A Ballad of the PiV," by Wallace Irwta. Cepr- g i f *4
righted by CoUicr'i Weeidy. Published by pcrmiMioa. fl II m -4
$£*"7 50 | / ' 1
<OP m H - MX | A
To St. Louis and Return jj||| I 1
* MiTit.u.H; Jane t,x,l?. l6,ll,lj; Jalr i,», 7,8,11, 1/4 fff SrfflR H ( £3
Augtut 8, 9, 10,18,19, Septemberj, 6,7,8, October 3,4, 5,6. tr S 'lraLf-— if \ Jar
Return limit, nlntty iiyt. r / j \.<£r
Take the Rock Island System ar<l you go A B II iJ^k. P™Sv
throMvithout change. Scenic or bouthern /I \ |ft 1^^^^^
Line,* as preferred. Standard and tourist / \l\\ BJ l^m^
sleeping cars; dining cars. Trains stop at / \ Mcgr fP^^Pr
Main Entrance World's Fair. S I T\ WW/
u^^giSiy^iSj^-,.»j Full ir.formarion en request. V^ B '*f\ \J
H^mPoHHlflfi Call or write. &^tr5Kp^ I
WgTW^piwKi C. A. RuTRXironD, D. P. A.,
fflJsSVf'l (nil Kc-€> *" 2 3 Market Street, "*T
ADyERTISigmNTS.
San Frs-nclsco, Thursday, 4 Aurust. 10O4.
dining-room, $25.
A sideboard which can be placed in most 'any
modern house with propriety. Looks much better on ¦ V; r ,
the floor than in the picture, and is a value that will
; appeal to you at a glance. - Measures 80 inches high
by 48 inches wide, and contains a mirror 17 by 39
inches: You can have your choice of golden oak or
weathered oak. >
Interior decorating and draping is an important
branch of. our business. Long experience and careful
study have enabled us to master the art thoroughly,
and pur equipment for handling such work is unsur-.
passed. Estimates and designs submitted upon re-
% (Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union SquareAn important meeting of the Golden
Gate Park Athletic Association will be
held to-night in room '1000, Palace
Hotel. Arrangements will be made for
the' benefit for the park athletic
amphitheater, which will be held on
the 21st inst. at Ingleside race track.
The sum of 545,000 has already been
subscribed for the magnificent athletic
grounds and mighty efforts are being
put forward to raise the remaining
$5000.
Representatives of -the horsemen,
cyclists and athletes will attend to
night's meeting.
Important Meeting: of Athletes.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Frankie
Neil, bantam-weight champion of the
world, and Hughey McGovern, the
little South Brooklyn fighter, will be
matched again shortly in a return bat
tle for the championship. Neil has
consented to give McGovern a return
match and indications are the lads
will be again signed by the match
maker of the National Athletic Club
of Philadelphia to try conclusions in
a six-round bout at that club within
two or three weeks. j
• John McGuigan, manager of trie
National Athletic Club, wired the
managers of both boys to-day stating
he is ready to offer them the same in
ducements at his club for which they
contested last Wednesday night.
Last Bout Was of Such a Sensational
Character That Another Is Ex.
pected to Prove Attractive.
HUGHEY McGOVEFIN AND NEIL
MAY, MEET IN RETURN MATCH
¦Reserve stake — In Time vs. Fancy Free;
Honest John vs. Kumboldt; Mickey Free vs.
Air.andan; Runaway Actress vs. Gambit; Lib
erator vh. Real Article; Conroyvs. False
Alarm; Ml Amigo vs. Mellinwood; Rocker
Arm vs. Galveston; Hudson vs. Red Pepper;
GoM Chain ve. nose of Gold; Duhallow vs.
Cubancla; Orslna vs. Ragged Actor.
Beaton-dog- stake — The Delta vs. Texas. Bet
ty; Ready Address vs. Pasha King; The Con
oner vs. Stlngaree; Star Sylvanus vs. Blaze*
Roman Athlete vs. Pomona; Loretta vs. Piker;
R. W. vs. -La Rona; Laughing Water vs. Don
ny brook; Texas Jim vs. War Cry; Dear Gas ton
vs. John Heenan; Young Tommy R. vs. Belle
Marie; New Jersey vs. Idleness;' D. R. vs.
Paul Dunbar; Rapid Water vs. Old Ironsides;
Mount Lowe vs. Tamora; Princess Savoy vs.
Intruder: Icellus vs. Fearless Lad; Crawford
Belle vs. Jack Doe; Free From Flaw vs. Bob;
Little Klamath vs. Remisso Animo; Rushaway
vj. Pagliacci; Texas Jill vs. Gallet; Creole
Uolle vs. Rich Argosy; Rich Array vs. Rolling
Boor: Panoche vs. Gllmore; Flower Girl vs.
Rocked Asleep; Una vs. Silver Cloud; Wattles
vs. Oregon.
Eighty greyhounds were drawn last
night to run in the reserve and in the
beaten dogs' stakes at Union- Coursing
Park next Sunday. Most of the dog's
are of the second night. The draw
resulted as follows:
Reserve and Beaten Dog Stakes Give
Promise of Furnishing Some
ICxciting Sport.
EIGHTY HOUNDS DRAWN
TO RUN AT UNION PARK
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Dundall, Ravlana,
Louise McFarlan.
Second race— Dalvay, Major T. J.
Carson, Fonsoluca. :^l'^
Third race — Kurtzmann, Miss Inez,
Resale. *•
Fourth race — Miss Crawford, Huz
zah, Braffff.
Fifth race — Ahola, Irene Lindsay,
The Crisis.
Sixtli race— Petit Due, Lord Dixon,
Oceaner.
Seventh race— Brand New, Alma
Dufour, Jerry Lynch.
Condition of track — Post.
2:10 pace, two In three, purse $1COO — Cherry
Lass won two straight heats In 2:00*4, 2:0S*i
Glad Bells. John Burns, Viceregal, Bessie M
Abbott, Daisy V. Arol, Angltn Wilkea and
Peruna also started.
2:00 trot, two In three, purse $1500— Dr.
Strong won the second and third heats in
2:08. 2:08%. Consuela S won the flm heat In
2:0814. The Roman, Prince Greenlander and
BlUy Fester Boy also started.
Queen City stakes, 2:09 trotting, two in
three, purse $2000 — Snyder* McGregor won the
first heat and the race in 2.OOV4, having sec
ond place in the two succeeding heats. Hal
Fry won the third heat In 2:0Btf. Lisonjero
won tho second heat in 2:0S%. John Caldwell
Contleza, Iluth C, Blackthorn, Jolly Bachelor,
Stanley Dillon and Ballast also started.
2:07 pace, two in three, purse $1500—Anl
drosis won tho second and third" heats In
2:U&V4. 2:09%. 'Winfleld Stratton won the first
heat in 2:05%. Sufreet, Star Hal. Foxy Curd
and Bessie Drake also started.
BUFFALO, Aug. 3.— Grand Circuit sum
mary:
Every Heat in Trottins and Pacing
Races at Buffalo Covered In
Better Than 2:10.
sxyder McGregor is first
in queen city stakes
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Major Pelham, Smath
er's entry, Missing Link.
Second race — Woden, Terrible Ter
ry, Daylesford.
Third race — Glenecho, Brush Up,
Golden Sunrise.
Fourth race — Beldame, Ishlana,
Audience.
Fifth race— Salvage, Slgllght, Sinis
ter.
Sixth race — Mollio Brant, Thomas
entry, Sir Lynnewood. ,;-0"
Condition of track — Fast. •
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS SKLECTIOXS.
lirst race^ — Dr. Burns, Kiss Quick,
Ponca.
Second race — Hersain, Renaissance,
Fruit.
Tliird race^ — King Rose, Miss Man
ners, Lady Idris.
Fourth race — Tied Leaf, Lucky
Charm, Dameron.
Fifth race — Fcronia, Mae Miller,
Carlcy's Dream.
Sixth nice — Operator, Blissful, Lady
Vashti.
Mprley's Bis TwirJer Keeps the Hits
." • •• Well Scattered.
: -LOS ANGELES, Aug. 3. — Newton
rjiut out Seattle in to-day's game,
. scattering the hits so successfully that
- the visitors could not get a runner
-pa?t third base. Hall pitched good ;
•Will- for Seattle and was steady when
men were on bases. Cravath's home 1
' run in the first inning brought in two
Itpu. One more run was tallied in
J the seventh by the locals on three euc
•ces'sive hits. Score:'
• Los Ar.sclc* — ! Seattle
AB.R. II. P. A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
.•r.rrard.cf 4 0 2 10 VanH.cf. 4 O 2 1 1
• Qn&l'.lb 4 0 2 13 1 M.ihlr,2!» 4 0 13 4
J -Smh..';b .'*. 10 2 4 D'ihty.Sb 4 0 1 2*11
•Crvth.rf. 4 111 OFrisk.lf.. 3 O 2 2 0
: TTottLSb. 4 0 0 2 3 Mmhy.Ib 4 0 0 G 0
•T6n-.arr..s. 4 0 1.3 4C.Fr.ih.rf 4 0 1 .*{ O
: Ttot-s.lf.. 4 0 11 OR. Hall.*. 2 0 O 1 6
Kr>ies..c. 3 12 3 1 Wilsnn.c 3 0 o's 2
• i»>vt'->r..n 3 O O 1 6|C.Ha51.p 3 O O O 0
.*._. . — 4 Ulnk»h.c. 0 0 0 10
Total* 33 3927 18
¦ ; V . i Totals 31 0 7 24 14
• *.* . r.t'NS AND TUTS BY INNINGS.
Is* ArpF!^ 2 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 x— 3
", h!t« 1 12 10 0 3 1 x— O
. 6c*t«e O O O O 0 0 n O O O
. past*' bits 2 I 110 10 1 0 7
. '. ¦ SUMMARY.
• -Eirot»— NVwton 2. C. Hall. Home run-
. Cravat!}. Two ba*p h!t— Dflchanty. Sacrifice
Mt--R. Han. Kim base on errors— Seattle I.
• .l;eft «in ba^r* — Is* An?*!«r fi, S">sttl<? 6. Bases
tm on!!«?<1. ball* — Off Hall 3. Struck nut By
•VewtonJ. by flnll 4 Double i>!ayn — Smith to
'. •>'orca<i to ISrayhenr: Flood to Toman to Hraiih-
Newton shuts out Seattle.
Errors — Sto*>lman .'{. Hastings 2, McLaughlin.
Fhea, Thiolman. Kagan. Lynch. Karned runs
— Tacoma 1. Stolen base — MeCreedie. F!r*t
base on called balls — Off Thielman 1, oil
Fitzgerald a. Struck out — By Thlelman
5 Two -base hits — Shethan, • Hastings.
Three-base hit— Castro. Double plays —
Eagan to Casey to Graham; -Raymond to Beck;
Eaxan to Cae^y to Graham. I*;ft on bases —
Portland 7. Tacoma 7. Home run — Casey.
Hit hy pitched ball— By Fitzgerald 1. Passed
ball — Phea. Time of came — 1 hour and 50
mimilm. tTrnpirev — Brown and McDonald.
Portland — Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
TUymd.s 5 12 2 6 Doyle. rf. 5 0 110
M f Cd.rf-3 5 0 2 2 2 Sb.ehn.3b 5 0 111
Nadau.lf 4 0 0 1 0 McLin.lf 4 10 5 0
Beck.lb.. 3 1 0 10 2 Eajran.s.. 4 0 0 14
Dman.cf 3 111 0X.ynch.cf 4 2 2 2 O
Ca«tro.2b 3 12 3 3 Casey.2b. 3 12 6 2
Steln.::b.c 4 0 14 2Hojtan.c. 4 0 12 2
Ht(rs,3b.r 20 10 Oflrahm.lb 4 119 0
Shea.c... 2 0 12 2,Fitzffld,p 4 0 0 0 1'
Thln,p.rf 30022 i
Totals. 37 5 8 27 10
Totals. 34 4 10 27 18
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 1 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 4
Base hits 2 2 2 i 1 0 1 0 1 — 10
Tat-rma O 0 0 0 1 2 1 1 0—5
Base hits 000 121220—8
SUMMARY.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 3.— The
Brownies opened up with a lead of
four runs to-day. It looked easy for
them, ' but overconfidence proved fa
tal, for the Tigers kept plodding: along
till finallv they tied up the score in
the seventh. They won out in the
eighth, when Casey stole home while
Thielman was "winding up.". Thiel
man was replaced by Hastings, who
lined out a double in the ninth inning,
but died at second base. The score:
TIGERS OVERCOME BIG LEAD.
Sixth race, five furlongs, selling — Lady Fash
ion 102, Flying Brook 10:1. Oceoner 10a. Adare
104, Given 105, Green Gown 100, Lord Dlxon
100, Lillian Ayers 106. Magic 106 Bonnie Prince
Charlie 10S, Upeful Lady 108, Girdlestone 109,
Petit. Due 109. Platoon 111.
Seventh race, one mile, selling— Lady Free
Knight 05. Determination 95, Docile 95. Bay
wood 02. General Steward 98, Telephone 100,
Brand New 1C2. Jerry Lynch 102, Arab 102,
Alma Dufour 105, Copper 105. St. George Jr.
105. Sweet Tone 105, Avenger 107, Montpeller
109. Robin Hood 109.
Fifth race, «ix furlongs — Fleuron 97 Gyp
zene 97, Billy Bashaw 90, Ahola 102, The Cri
sis. 102. Skilful 107, Irene Lindsay 107. Amer
icano 112.
Second rare, one and a sixteenth miles —
Variora 02. Major T. J. Carson 97, Dalvay 101,
Fonsoluca 107, Jake 108. I
Third, race, five furlongs, the Youngster
stakes— Bryan 100 Regale 107, Mum 110, Al
len Avon 113. Florentine llfl, Loretta M 115,
Miss Inez 120, John Smulskl 123, Kurtzmann
12H. (Inez and Smulskl, Ellison entry.)
Fourth race, one mile and 100 yards, handi
cap— MIps Crawford 105. Bragg 105, Sioux
Chief 02, Ahola 95. Felipe Lugo OS, Huzzah
102. Schoolmate 102. (Miss Crawford and
Sioux Chief, Darden entry.)
CHICAGO, Aug. 3. — The entries for
to-morrow'a races at Harlem follow:
First race, five furlongs, selling — Louise Mac-
Farlan 97, Butwell OS. Hattie Weihe «S. Effle
M 100. The Lorelei 102. Dlxelle 102. Rainey B
102. Tyrollan 102. Tarcoola Belle 102, Ravlana
102. St. Denis 104, Captain Neroth 105, Judge
Saufley. 10C, Dundall 107.
HA11LEM ENTRIES.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) i (American League.)
W.L. Pet. w.L. Pet.
New York. ...63 24 .724 Boston 55 33 .6"J5
Chicago .*k! 35 .B02 Chlcajro f>G 35 .618
Cincinnati ...54 37 .S03|New York.... 62 34 80S
Pittsburg ....51 S6 .5Stj;Philadelphia .4!) 38.563
St. Louis 4S 42 .5&rcieveland . . .47 33 .553
Boston r?4 Sa .370,St. Louis 34 4S .415
Brooklyn 32 60 .348 Detroit ..i.,.34 52 .&J5
Philadelphia .22 63 .253 : "Washlngton ..IS C7 .212
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 3. — For the third day
in succession a Boston pitcher was able to
puzzle the Clevelands. Attendance, 3200.
R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 7 2
Boston 7 11 2
Batteries — Joes, Rhodes and Bemis; Dineen
and Criger.
DETROIT. Aug. 3. — Chesbro to-day struck
out thirteen men, every man on the team being
retired on strikes. Attendance, 2500. Score:
R. H. E. ;
Detroit 2 5 3
New York 5 10 2 '
Batteries — Kltson and Bevllle; Chesbro and
McOulre.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 3.— The Philadelphia
Americans defeated the St. Louis team here
to-day in a loosely played game. In addition
to -the many nilsplays made by St. Loui* the
visitors also pounded Slever hard throughout
Attendance, 1600. Score:
St. Louis 4 9 4
Philadelphia 10 13 2
Batteries— Slever and Kahoe; Henly and
Powers.
CHICAGO. Ausr. 3.— The locals tied Wash
ington's apparently safe lead in the ninth by
sending Holmes and Isbell to bat for Sullivan
and Walsh, both of whom made good. They
BOSTON MAKES IT THREE
STHAIGHT FROM CLEVELAND
Sixth race, ssven furlongs, selling — Operator
113. Blissful 103, Main spring 103, Prodigal
Fon lftl Lady Vashtl 1C0. Jlmalong 100, Orient
08, Sting l>8. J. P. Mayberry 08, Aggie Lewis
91. Lady Ray 91, Metlakatla 91.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Red
Leaf 113. Lucky Charm 107. Dameron 106. Mil
ton Younj? 10t>. Saronola !>S. The Cook 05.
Franco 9.5. Opinion S4. (Red Leaf and The
Cook, Milan entry).
Fifth race, one mllft and seventy yards, sell
lnK—Birdwood 107. Admetus 107. Little Corker
105, General Dlx 105. Computation 105, Judge
Cantrill 105. Mae Miller 105. Darnlvan 105,
Compass 105. Carloy's Dream 105, Miss Eon
10X. Feronla 103.
Third race, six furlonps, selling — Flaunt 100,
King Rose 109, Jako Weber 10». Mtss Manners
107. Harding 100. Howling DrrVish 104. Ed
Ball 101 Dr. t'lark lOt. Lady Idris 102, Lady
Felix 10O. Erema H«.
ST. LOUIS, Auj?. 3. — The entries
for the- races to-morrow at the Fair
Grounds follow:
First race, fix furlonirs, selling — Death 112,
Merry -Sport 103, Ponca 100. La Rouge 107,
Senator Sullivan 104, Dr. Burns 104, It. Q.
Smith 104. Kiss Quick 101, Dr. Riley OS, Back
Number 96. ' • ' ' • *
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling
—Cartridge Box 114. Fruit 112. Mellwood 10S,
My Eleanor 108. Loyal Street 103, Heralan 105.
lira. Jack Dolan 105. Animos 103, Little Harry
103 Preventative 103, La Princess 100, Re
naissance 100, Malvina 100. Omah J 100.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
SEATTLE, Aug. 3. — Results at the Meadows:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Cracko won.
Jerry Flannigan second, Rlcerul third. Time,
1:15.
Second race, seven furlongs. «elllR? — Pru«
Wood wen. Mosquito second, Harry Thatcher
third. Time. 1:28H-
Third race, six furlongs, sellings — Suburban
Queen won. Dr. Sherman second, Tho Prid«
third. Time. 1:14.
Fourth race, one mile, telling — Gentle Harry
won. Profitable second, Harry Beck third.
Time, 1:42 H.
Fifth race, seven furlong*, selling — Flourish
won. Myrtle H second. Lady Rice third. Time.
1 : 2S ' * .
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Isabelllta. won.
Cathcllo second. Penzance third. Time, 1:41%,
_t .
won out in th« tenth. Attendance. 8300. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 7 0
Washington 2 6 3
Batteries — TVa.lsh. Smith. Sullivan and Me-
Farland; Wolfe. Fatten and KJttredge.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— New Tork scored
enough runs in the third inning: to win to
day'u game from Chicago. Attendance, 10,300.
Score:
y R. H. E.
Chicago 3 8 -
New York 4 T 2
Batteries— Wicker and Klin?: Matthewson
and Bowerman. Umpire — Emslte. ""-v
BOSTON, Aug. 3. — Boston won the first fsni»
In ten innings and St. Louis took the second,
six to three. The home team was outbatitil
In the early contest, but its mtsplays wer>
much more expensive than thoee of the visit
ors. Zearfoss' retirement was due to a broken
finger. Brain f 9 home run when two men were
on bases, because of errors, practically decider!
the second frame in the eighth inning. At
tendance. 41i.n >. Score :
First game — R. H. E.
Boston 7 10 5
St. Louis « 13 4
Batteries — WUhelm and Moran; Me Far la r. !
Taylor, Zearfoss and McLean.
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 8 12 2
Boston 3 io 5
Batteries — O'Neill and McLean; Fisher an<t
Needham. Umpire — Johnstone.
PHILADELPHIA. Au». 3.— Cincinnati won
two games to-day. In the first Sparks waj
batted freely and the home team was shut out
A combination of bits and errors gave fr>
visitors the second game. Attendance, 42G0.
Safe ...... B i s E i
Philadelphia 0 3 li
BatterlPs — Kellum and Schle!; Sparks, Due
gleby and Dooln.
Second game — R. h. E.
Cincinnati 6 7 i
Philadelphia 5 » ? s '«
Batteries — Harper and Schlel: Fraaer an.l
Doom. Umpires — Zimmer and Moran.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 3. — Miller pitched only
one inning for th« visitors and by hia wiMnp--.
allowed the locals taelr two tallies. Attend
ance. 2200. Score: ¦
R. H. E.
Plttsburg 3 7 3
Brooklyn 2 4 O
Batteries — Miller, Lynch and Catiaca; Cronla
and Bercen. Umpires — Carpenter and O'Dav.
Racing at Seattle.
Totals. 40 S 1<5 27 11 Totals. S5 5 10 27 17
. ' i';BCXS AND HITS ET INNINGS.
•t-'gn : Francisco... 00030040 1 »
/ Bajie hits 0 0 2 4 3 1 4 1 1— 1«
.O-tkiar.d" 0 2 0 O 1 0 0 0 2 — 5
• JLlase bits 02203110 1—10
; " • .." SCMMART.
'.. Stolen .baw-s — Andersen, rhinleavy tsf. Irwin
Canley. Errors— g wain C) Ftr-elb
TowxsT.d,. Meany. Two-base hits— Wha'cn'
• I^unleavy. Kstcriflce hits— Pevereaux. Etreib!
.F-irac bases 00 rrror« —^an Francisco 1, Oak
lsr.cT . 2. First baFe on callpd balls — G2C
•*i'hulfn 4. cfT Moeklman 3. L»ft on bases' —
S.-jn .Vrancisro B. Oakland 10. Struck cut — Py
•VThaiort ~. -by Moskiruan 5. Hit by pitcher —
Tc*ms?i)(J. Double rlay — Whalen to Townsrnd
.Time of game— T*o hours. Umpire — O'Con
. nell. . •
•It's a long time since Dr. Moskiman
¦ appeared on the slab at Recreation
, IMrk and Uncle's Etars were so .glad
to see the medical twister at work
©nee again that they could not resist
th<*- temptation of 6lamn:irg theMeath
or around the lot a bit. All their runs
cjime in bunches while their hits came
' done up in the same sort of packages.
Scor«v Oakland 5, San Francisco 8.
• ¦ "W'halen got bumped quite frequently,
•. iiLso, but his batting offset this little
, .defect. James approached the plate
cliib in har.d four times and on every
OCtia&on he hammered the ball safely
' Bome .phice. One was a double and the
• rest singles. Each was a good one and
: "couple of them counted in the run
column^
Oakland took the lead in the second
¦ when Moskiman hit and Devereaux
•'was safe on s. fielder's choice. A sacri
fice "by" Streib shoved both up and
. Byrnes' single scored them. The home
• tje'am made three in the fourth. Hilde
• njiU Mc-any both stung safely, but the
. former was forced at third by Town
.jtend. Irwin swung through with a
\'Tf xas leag-uer" to left and Meany ar
rived. Anderson responded with a
drive to right and Townsend and Irwin
" f cored.
. • Oakland tied it up In the fifth.
tfnntku and Ganley each hit and Dun
lca!vy smote one to right for a double.
Francks came in, but Ganley was
«-aught at the plate on a clever relay
"throw from Meany to Anderson to
• l^eahy.
.The .seventh settled it all. Whalen
tracked out his third safe one and
"VVkldron forced him. HiMebrand
»:ot another to center and Meany was
' F&fe on Etxeib's miscue. Townsend
?lied, third to first, but Waldron made
rih^ plate.. Irwin soused it out to center
and brought the other two in. Ander
4-'.ji: seat Irwin to third on a. bingle to
right and then they both did the double
steal, making four for the inning and
Battling 'the conflict then and there.
The S'ore:
i . San Frar-Cfco— - j Oakland —
¦ • AB.n. H. P.A.; AB.R. H. P.A.
-XVXSrn. cr 5 1 1 2 1 Frnoks. e 4 2 1 5 5
HildM, If 3 1 3 2 «> Oanly. rf K 0 2 1 1
. Meany.rf 4 3 12 0 Dnlvy. If 4 1 2 3 O
,. Twn*d,lb 3 1 0 8 1 Krupr. cr 4 0 0 0 0
irwin, r.b 5 2 4 1 1 llfkmn.p 5 1 .1 2 2
- And?n ; 2b 4 0 2 3 1 rvvrx. 3b 3 10 13
Fwain. t. n 0 0 2 2 Ptreib. lb 2 0 1 R 1
. !>>ahy. c 5 0 1 S 0 Hyrms, c 4 0 1 S 4
Whalen.p 4 0 4 2 8 McKn. 2b 4 0 0 2 1
W.L. Prt.| W.L.. Pet.
Tfrroma « 2 .750 Oakland 3 5.375
Ix>« Angeles.. « 2 .7T.0 Portland 2 C .250
Seattle 6 3 .625, San Fran 2 6.250
¦ • -
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
far. Hit by pitcher — Frisk. Time of came — ¦
One hour and 40 minutes. Umpire — McCarthy.
The miner was slightly bitten by his
pet bear yesterday. While playing
with the animal it caught him on the
hand and left the marks of its teeth
there and also drew a little blood.
Jack is thus early qualifying for the
championship by following in the foot
steps of Jeffries.
Twin Sullivan' again donned the
mitts and went a couple of lively
rcunds with Jack. When he had fin
ished with Sullivan the miner took on
Andy Gallagher to wind up the day's
work. Andy sailed in and made it
lively for a round.
Harry Chester, the big heavy-weight
from the Olympic Club, was the first
to face the miner and the pair mixed
it for two rounds. Chester was shifty
•and the miner worked up a good
perspiration following him around.
Seme good punches were landed by
both men. though Munroe went rather
easy with the amateur.
Corporal of Police Ed Ward is the
idol of the hour with the fair sex. In
some manner the bear, that is kept in
captivity, broke out of his cage and
went on a tour of investigation. There
is nothing particularly vicious about
the animal, but the women were some
what nervous. Ward, always gallant,
volunteered to put the bear back in
his cage. Pinning on his star, the
doughty cop approached Mr. Bear, but
the animal did not seem disposed to
make friends, A happy thought struck
Ed and he hastened to put it into exe
cution. He proceeded to tell the beat*
one of his famous stories of life on the
frontier. Bruin became so exhausted
from laughing that* he was unable to
offer any resistance and was easily put
back in the cage.
Jack Munroe spent a busy day at
the beach yesterday. After "his run
in the morning he rested and entered
the gymnasium in the afternoon, feeling
ready for work. He punched the two
baps and worked the machines for a
while and then felt like taking on his
spurring partners.
No time was lost In getting back to
work and the champ was up with the
feathered folk this morning for road
work. Brother Jack in a cart cut out
the pace and Jeff ran three miles at a
good clip. Upon returning a bath and
rubdown completed the morning's
work. Jeffs wind js vastly improved
and he came in from his, run in good
condition. Perspiration is free and
there will be no troub!e in taking off
any superfluous flesh that may have
accumulated during his illness.
The usual gymnasium work occupied
several hours this afternoon but no
boxing was indulged in. The big 350
pound sandbag is a favorite form of
exercise with Jeff.
HARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. 3.— Jeffries
returned from his hunting trip last
night after an absence of two days.
He failed to make connection with any
big game and the venison appetite the
guests had developed will not be satis
fied. The big fellow is in excellent con
dition and if It were not for the -ban
dage he wears he would hardly be able
to tell which knee had caused him'
trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Second day. Saturday, August 27, 10:30 a.
m. — Gasoline runabouts and light touring cars.
$1000 and under, stock cars, three miles; sec
ond race, open, touring ears. $1351 to $4G00.
touring condition, save no restrictions as to
gearing, stock ears, ten miles: 2 p. m.. third
race, open, 10 to 18 horsepower stock can*,
five miles; fourth race. Interclub Challengo
Cup. five mllea; fifth race, open, $2000 to $4000
stock cars, five miles; sixth race. Del Monte-
Cup, open time handicap, stock cars, five miles;
seventh race, pursuit. $2501 to $4000 stock
cars: eighth race, free fcr all, five miles;
ninth race, pursuit, free for all.
August 28. 10 a. m.. hill climbing contest.
Classification: 1 — Runabouts and light touring
cars (stock cars). $1000 and under; - — Touring
cars, $1001 to $2250 stocks cars; 3 — $2000 to
$4000 stock cars; 4 — Free for all.
Under the blue skies of Del lloat*
the Automobile Club of California will
hold an ambitious meet of three days
late in this mpnth. The executive
committee of the club, consisting of
Samuel G. Buckbee, Charles C. Moore
and Lv P. Lowe, has arranged an In
teresting programme, which is Intend
ed to srlve all aspiring motorists an
opportunity to win glory on the tracK.
Valuable and artistic trophies are
offered for all the races. The complete
programme follows:
First day. Friday, Aurnst 26. 10:S0 a. in. —
First race, gasoline runabouts and light tour
ing cars, lO 1^ horsepower and nnder. «toc)t
cars, three miles; second race, gasoline light
touring cars, $1500 and under, touring condi
tion, save no restrictions as to gearing, stock
cars, five miles; 2 p. m., third race, gasoline.
10 to 16 horsepower stock cars: five m!le»:
fourth race, Garbutt-Ryua Challenge match
race, five miles; fifth race, open. I120O to
$2550 stock cars, five mllea; sixth race. open.
10 to 24 horsepower stock cars, five miles;
seventh race, pursuit, gasoline. $1000 aad un
der, stock cars; eighth race, pursuit, open.
?1001 to $2550 stock cars; ninth race, fre« for
all. five miles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 3.— The races of the
sixteenth annual meeting of the Pa
cific Coast Trotting-horse Breeders'
Association, which opened to-day,
were the best ever witnessed here.
There was a fair attendance and much
interest was displayed in the various
heats. The day was fine and the track
; in good condition. Prominent racing
men and breeders from various points
on the coast were present. The $14,700
which is to be given in purses during
the four days' meet has attracted the
best light harness horses on the coast.
Two favorites won to-day. Billy Red,
the favorite in the 2:20 pace, was
beaten by Rajah. The ill luck that
has followed the starting of the latter
was broken at last. He had been
beaten in twelve races ~ ,
The third race was the green class
trotting stake, in mile heats. Jupiter,
a bay gelding owned by J. A. Cole
and the favorite in* the betting, had
things all his own way, winning in
three straight heats.
There were nine starters In the
fourth race for the Pacific Slope
stakes, valued at $1500, for 2:20 pacers.
The fight for first place was between
Billy Red and Rajah, but each time
Billy Red broke in the stretch. The
third heat was wo-n in a driving finish.
, Grace Bros.* Ole had things his own
way in the fifth race, taking it In threa
straight heats. Summary:
Trial to beat 2:30— High Fly, b. e. (T. W.
Barstow), won. Time, 2:24ft.
Trial to beat 2:2oVi— Alta Nola, blk. m. (T.
S. Montgomery-), won. Tim* 2:23?i.
Pacific Slope stakes, $1500. for 2:20 class,
pacers, mile heats, best three in five:
Rajah, by Charles Derby (G. Magulre) 111
Billy Red, by Glenelg (J. D. Springer) 3 4 2
Doctor J, by Dochies (E. A. Servis).. 5 2 3
Hftttie Croner, by Bay Bird (C. T.
Bunch) 4 3 4
Time— 2:101,4. 2:12. 2:14.
Flora G, MIm Winn. Cavalier. Tom Carneal
and Mildred O distanced.
Green class, trotting, purse $900, mile heats.
best three In five:
Jupiter B, by General Beverly (W. O.
Durfee) 1 1 1
MilHsrap, by Prince Aulie CJf. Phippen) 3 2 3
Lady Madison, by James Madison (T.
E. Ward) 5 8 2
Mamie R, by Nutwood Wllkes (W.
Cecil) 2 4 5
Telephone Direct, by Nelleter (H.
Frelson) 4 5 4
Time— 2:19*i, 2:17, 2:10%.
2:13 class, trotting, purse $700. mile heats,
best three In five:
Ole. by Silas Skinner (John Quinn)... Ill
Forest W. by Way'.and W (A. L. Mc-
Donald) 3 2 3
Red Skin, by Red Cloak (J. Mosier).. 5 3 2
Leijje.by Laba^o 'J. Groom) 2 5 3
Tom Smith, by McKinney (J. W. Zib- .
ble) ...¦¦. r. .".: 4 5 S
Princess, by Eu*ene R (H. Parker)... 6 6 4
Time— 2:11H. 2:1.1. 2:14<,j.
Deadlock Is Broken During
the Seventh Round When
. Pour Runs Are Gathered
Sixteenth Annual Meeting of
Trotting Horse Breeders'
Association Is a Success
All Classes of Cars Are Pro-
Tided for in the Ambit
ions Programme Arranged
HITS C03IE IX BUXCHES
-- — n —
Big Fellow Seems to Take
More Kindly to Training
Than He Has in the Past
BOXER AGAIN AT WORK
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and 'up:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Buccleu'h. 107 (Austin).. 1 24 11
13 to 5 — Flyer. 102 (Sedar) 9 3 4 2 nk
5 to 1— Goo Goo, 100 (Rice) 7 4338
Time. 1:49. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Schrelber's b. g. (5) by Odd Fellow-
Montgomery Copper. Strader 108. Flora Bright
1(>3. Iras 103. Moyle 108. Caithness 100, Frank
McKee 110, Lenza 107, Lynch 102. finished as
named.
Time, 1:1514. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. II. S. Gear & Co.'s ch. m. (5> by
Loyalist-Satellite II. Dallas 08. First Attempt
100 MIes Creek OS. Hoceo 98. Selected iiS,
Mattle H 102. St. Wlnlfrlde 105, finished aa
named. St. Winifrlde and Mattle H fell.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up :
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Evening Star. 105 (Dean) 4 12 12
2 to 5— Dolly Gray, 105 (Austin). 2 2 Ift2 1
20 to 1— Miss Doyle. 08 (Rice).... 7 4h 3 ns
FOURTH RACE — One mile and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horsf. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 5— Bas d'Or. 109 (Wilson)... 2 1 lftl lft
10 to 1 — Jack Young, 1C0 (Sedar) 3 2 6 2 2
4 to 1— F. Torpedo, 108 (Andrsn) 5 3 3 3 1
Time. 1:45%. Start -good. Won easily.
Winner, W. Mulkey's ch. g (4) by Docharl-
Golden Slipper. Byron Rose 97, Mis3 Mae Day
111, Pathos 90, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight; Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Arch Oldiham, 108 (Foley). 3 13 1 ns
8 to 1— Darthula, 05 (M.Anderson) 1 5 12 2 5'
0 to 1— Auroeelver. 05 (McL'ghlin) 2 2 ft 3 ft
Time, :54%. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, O. G. Parke's b. c. (2) by Gallantry-Pearl
Barnes. Ameltana 95, Arlena 95. Zinda 105.
Edith Vice 93, Lady Mercury 95, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
30tol— Crrme. 104 (T. Dean)... 5 2 4 1 Hi
13 to 1— Caterpillar. 107 (Foley).. 2 4 ft 2 1
30 to 1— Suave, 107 (Troxler) 4 11 3ft
Time. 1:21%: Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. S. Bratton's c. m. (4) by St. Florian-
Reply. Lady Fonse 90. Tribes 97, Tally H 105,
Potter US, Bandlllo 95, King's Charm 103.
Shortcake 93, Whiskers 110. Tattenham 08,
finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 3.— Bas d'Or proved
his class again to-day by galloping
over a good field. Miss Mae Day made
all the pace but quit badly. Bas d'Or
was never extended and will be a hard
one to beat from now on. Laurel L.
broke her leg and had to be destroyed
after the second race. Attendance 4000.
Two favorites won. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to I— F.Pnesmeyer.lOO (Davs) 3 3 4 1 HJ
12 to I— Filler, 100 (H.Anderson) 2 In 2 IV*
7 to 10 — Brad warlin. 105 (Austin) 7 2 IVs^
Tlma. 1:00ft. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, L. Saver's c. g. (2) by Tithonus-Tass>;l.
Joe Graham 05. G B. Sheridan 10S. Sandman
105, Geoixe T 108. Dresden 100. Laurel L 10S.
finished as named. Laurel L broke down. #
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Second race, short course steeplechase, raald
ens-DayI«ford 1M. Trek 153. Libretto 153,
\\oden 14t>, PromidAry 14(5, Rock Cliff 146
Sta Gall (for Terrible Terry) 140, Numeral 149*
Third race, nve and a, half furlonss. two
ypar-olds. selling— Red Reynard 110 Ike S 110
A I win 110. Iceland 110. Glenecho 110. Indian
Star 110. Grand Champion .110 Golden Sun
rise 110. Danseupe 107. Sufferance 107 Evaskill
107. Onward 107 Rubric 106. Uncle Charley
105^ Brush Up 102.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, the
Alabama stakes — Audience 124. Beldame 1°4
Diirple 116. Bridle Path 106, Ishlana 116 '
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs two
year-old maJdens— Zany 112, Sinister 112 Bill
Cozier 112. Oderstrome 112, Saulsbury 112
Salvage 112. Oliver Cromwell 112 Bank 11°
Broadcloth 112. Slgllght 112. Sheen 100. Zeafa
lO-.t, Burnt Hills. 100. Alps 109. Nellie Russell
10!i. Bulwark 100. High Life 109. " U8s e'«
Sixth race, one mile, three-year-olds and
up. handicap — Reliable 124, Dalesman 114 '
Molly Brant 109, St. Valentine 100. Sir Lynne
wood i)5.
First race. six furlongs, three-year-olds
handicap— Leonidas 122. Lady Amelia 120*
Mineola 114, Scarfell ill. Major Pelham 110*
IMck Bernard 106, Wltehcratt 100, Missing
Link 02 Stalwart 110. Boxwood 100, Juvenal
M.ixlm n".
SARATOGA. Aug. 3. — The great
Beldame will meet Audience, Dimple
and others to-morrow in the Alabama
stakes. Reliable is also carded to
start in the handicap. The day's en
tries:
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth milea;
handicap; three-year-olds and up*
Betting- Horse. Weight. Jockey, fit. « Fin.
Ctol— AcefuJ. 114 (Shaw) 1 1 1%1 *
4 to 5 — Audience. lOti (Burns).... 3 32 2 3
4 to 1 — Palm Bearer. 100 (Travera) 2 2 2 3 2
Time, 1 >Ga 2-5. ?tart good. Won driving.
T\ inner II. B. Duryea"8 ch. c. by Mirthful-
Myrtle Harknesa. Carbuncle alto ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; Hlghwelght
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Bttting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Cloten. 104 (Wonderly).. 1 12 12
4 to 1— Stalwart. 110 (Redfern).. 2 2h 2 1%
25tol— Mor.te Carlo. 108 (Walsh) 3 4 1 3 1%
Time. 1:13. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. J E. Seagram's ch. g. by Hazel Hatch-
Cynibellne. Leonidaa. Flying Ship, Montres
eon. Moorhen finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Hors<> Weight. Jockey. 8t. % Fin.
. to 1— Elliott, «l0 (J. Daly) 4 2 2 12ft
4 to 1— Fire Eater. 106 (Redfern). 6 4 3 2 1%
4 to 5— Gay Lothario. 98 (Walsh). 2 3b 3 1
Time. 1:40 3-5. Start fair. Won easily,
dinner. Mrs. R. A. Daly's ch. c. by Racine-
Amelia II. Toi San. Sarah Maxim, Etillcho,
Turnpike finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-old fillies; the Spinaway:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 15 — Tanya. 122 (Shaw) 2 11 1 lib
.-? *° 1 — Schulamlte, 114 (Redfn) 4 3 2 2 1U
100 to 1— Linda Lee, 119 (Hicks). 6 4h 3 1^
Time. 1:07 3-8. Start good. Won easily,
winner, H. B. Duryea's ch. f. by Meddler-
Handspur. Iota, Heart's Desire, Belle Sau
vage finished as named.
SECOND RACE — About two miles; four
year-olds and up; handicap steeplechase:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5 — Good and Plenty.lBl(Ray) 4 2 15 1 n
6tol— Royalle. 130 (W.Heider). 6 lh 2 20
20 to 1— Manilian. 135 (Kelly)... 3 3 10 3 15
Time, 4:10 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. T. Hitchcock's b. g. by Rossington-
Famine. Mystic Shrin«r, Alum Water, Amur
nnlEhed as named.
SARATOGA, Aug. 3.— The chief at
traction to-day was the $15,000 Spin
away stakes for two-year-old fillies.
H. B. Duryea's stable had three rep
resentatives, declaring to win with
Tanya, which won the National Stal
lion stakes at Morris Park and has not
appeared since. The other two start
ers carrying Mr. Duryea's colors were
Heart's Desire and Iota.
The start was perfect and after a
hundred, yards Tanya began to draw
away. At the end of a furlong Schu
malite, which had an inside position,
dropped back and Tanya and Heart's
Desire became first and second. There
is no doubt now that Tanya was best
and she came on and won cleverly
though Shaw was somewhat afraid
both Schumalite and Linda Lee, which
were closing fast, might get up to his
mount and he took no chances. Mr.
Duryea won $11,000 first money, but
was disappointed in not running second
and third, as some thought he might
do. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling: I
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2 — Tramantor 109 (Redfern). 2 1 lVjl l 3 /5
0to5 — Gllpin. 108 (O'Neil) 1 3 1V : 'Jh
7 to 1— Teacress, 104 (H.Callahan) 3 4 1%3 3
Time, 1:08. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Mrs. J. Blute'e b. g. by India-Trolley.
Miss Morgan, Winchester. Jerry C, Harpoon,
Third Third. Gallop Off, Steel Trap, Squeezer
finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Leila, 00 (Greenfield) 8 2 1 h
6 to 1— Prln. Tulane. 105 (Otis). 3 14 24
11 to 10 — Joe Lesser, lit) (Knapp). 4 ."> »4 .'(it
Time. 1 :4<i 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, It. A. Smith's ch. f. (3) by Knight of
Ellerslle-Katima. Inventor 110, Annie 0t), Ex
clamation m. Red. White and Blue 100, Sir
Launcelot 109. finished as named.
Time. 1:14 ."2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, M II. Tichenor & Co.'a b. f. (4) by
Sensatlon-Slrve. Margie Leeber 09; Trompeuse
08. Cardinal Wolsey 107. Tom Maybln 103.
Chief Deputy 'Xi, My Oem K5, FGtri.ro Grande
103. Magic Flute !>?*. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olda and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
6 to 1— M. McCafferty.100 (Nlcol) 6 3 46 1 2V6
10 to 1— Marco, 103. (Lmvrenpe).. 5 4 2 2 Vi
15 to 1— Optional. 101 (Shaver)... 0 6 h 3n
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
fi to 1— Mayor Johnson.105 (Nlcol) 6 4 Vt I V,
5 to 1 — Grand, 105 (Greenfield)... 2 B.I 2 1
S to 1 — Peter J, 101 (Lawrence).. 3 11 Sit,
Time. 1:14. Start good- Won handily.
Winner. L. Marlon & Co.'s b. g. (6) by G. W.
Johnson-Daybreak. Orfeo 110, My Alice 97,
Nugget 100 Mabel Wynn IOC. Halnault 105,
Julia M 103. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
Benin?. Horse, Wejght, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— Lady Savoy, 109 (Larsn) 5 2 n 1 n
ICtO 1-Ram's Horn. 07 (Xlcol). 1 12^2 1
21 to 8 — Flaxman, 115 (Prior)... 2 3 1%3
- Time, 1:14 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. William Gerst's bi\ f. by Marlon-
Lady Ayre. Tom Shelly 08, The Mist 112,
Lola Mai 04, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase; short course;
four-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Welsht Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Golden Link. 146 (Carter). 3 16 12%
0 to 1— Lingo. 133 (Rice) 1 2 2
C to 1— Sprlngstead. 131 (Johnson) 4 3 »3
7 to 1— Alma Girl, 131 (McMaher) 2 4 4
Time. 3:30 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. Horton's b. h. (&) by Dundee-Ruth.
Sweet Jane 13C fell. •Disqualified for running
out.
"Doc" Street put over a good thing
In the first race in Petit Due, a colt
by Kingston, which he brought recent
ly from the East. On his Eastern per
formances few could concede him a
chance, except the knowing ones, who
backed him from 7 to 1 to 5 to 1 at
post time. The colt led all the way.
Capitanzo, favorite at 9 to 5, backed
from 2 to 1, ran a dismal race and was
never a contender. The track wag fast,
the weather cloudy and threatening
and the attendance unusually large.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs: two-year-olds:
purse:
Bettlns. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Petit Duo. 110 (Felcht).. 3 In 13
8 to 1— Before, 118 (Domlnlck).. 4 4h 2 1^
40 to 1— The Dramln, 110 (Hoffler) 2 5 1%3 %
Time, 1:01 4-5. start good. Won easily.
v\ Inner, S. W. Street & Co.'s ch. c. (2) by
Klngston-Younjf Princess. Proprietor 118.
Waddell II 118. Bi? Beach 110, Capitanzo 113.
Rather Royal 101, The Gadfly 110. Rathskeller
101, Lockout 107, finished as named.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Ram's Horn, at a
long price, came near upsetting all cal
culations in the third race, which was
the feature event to-day at Harlem.
The colt showed a marvelous burst of
speed, leading his field by a good mar
gin all the way until within a few
yards of the wire, where Lady Savoy,
the odds-on choice, came with a rush,
barely winning by a neck. The race
was supposed to be between Lady
Savoy, Flaxman and The Mist, but
the friends of Larry Curtis backed
Ram's Horn from 20 to 16. Lady Savoy
was heavily played at post time, forc
ing her odds from 6 to 5 down to 9 to
10.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
RACING AT SAN JOSE
WIDE EA^GE OP EVENTS
Bas d'Or Gallops Over a
Good Field at St. Louis
Track.
Ram's Horn Butts In, Nearly
Upsetting Calculations at
Harlem Track.
Owner Starts Three, but De
clares to Win With Daugh
ter of Meddler.
The Doctor Tries to Puzzle
Uncle Hank's Warriors, but
They Have Their Revenge
With All His Cleverness as
a Hunter He Is Unable
to Bring Down a Deer
Del Monte Track Will Be the
Scene of Three Days' Com
petition Late This Month
Pacer Breaks a Long String
of Defeats by Taking
the Pacific Slope Stakes
TANYA, SPORTING THE DURYEA COLORS,
ROMPS HOME IN THE SPINAWAY STAKES
MOSKIMAN GETS
HOT RECEPTION
RAJAH CAPTURES
A RICH PURSE
MOTORISTS PLAN
EXCITING RACES
"JEFF" RCTORNS
WITHOUT GAME
AUTOMOBILISTS WILL MEET IN COMPETITION ON THE DEL MONTE TRACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, 190*.
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules'. ¦ *
Terry McGovern has been offered a
match with Nelson for September by
Alex "- Greggains. "•* An answer., . is ex
pected to-day. , If Terry does not want
to 'flffht* Marvin Hart and McCoy may
be matched.
Offers Terry Match With Nelson.
Jay Ransch; Is Snfferinir From Con
cussion of the | Brain in a
French Hospital.
VICHY, France, Aug. 3. — Jay
Ransch, the American "Jockey, l was
thrown in the races to-day and carried
oft the course to a hospital.. He; is
Buffering from concussion of ; the brain.
Up to a late" hour to-night he had not
— — ~-»-«~»j. oonsciousnea3.
AMERICAN JOCKEY THROWN
FROJI HORSE AND INJURED
Handball Champion Egran Recovers.
( Michael Egan, the world's, handball
champion, has entirely recovered from
the serious illness which confined him
to St. Mary's Hospital for many weeks.
He leaves to-day for Los Gatos, when*
he will* spend/two months, chiefly out
of doors. After that he will be pre
pared to defend his title against all
comers.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LI I t<irL \\ H I\ »
. . *T % HIS is for the man who has spent
J& jSgjjBj|ffi8»fcSv hundreds of dollars trying to re-
move the burden that Is taking all the
1 '^^ v\ pleasure out of his life— the weaken- l
j^^S^ lng drain upon hia vitallty which Is
Rgg|&n(jj a ra destroying his strength. I can cure
Kegigf! W you, and if you will talk to some of
W&V*$&&*iP?S&^ s _ *CE&3 the men * have cured y° u w111 ba as
strong an advocate of my curs aa I
1ft\a*S$i§S$ 1 x don't want money that X dont
I « a *n. 1 dont need it, and X am not
i^j^^ : j^^gg^^^A I after it. But I am after the dollara
¦Jjss B^EeBBbf^—^ftj that are now irolnsr wron? in the quest
jW^T^^S^^^^Ml^SW °f health. Looi at all these poor
Jli^^fflBBllJ^™ wrecks of humanity that axe apendln?
'i^^»S^ a11 tJxey eara on dra( r* — dope that 13
Jfflgjjtigjfo^ Paralyztasr their vital oryani — that
haV8 «P«nt all they have earned for
y ear * without gutninff a pound of
* ~^&&rik'0K^ irt^^lpsS* Btre3isrtl1 * or tia hundreds of dollars
a thSSand dw SS5'iI,£lS?* afte J'T b 1 cau8e for cvery dollar l take * can « lve
vou if vou win «?«,« Z- U ai l d J don l want U at a » unt11 I h'^'e cxTred
Sn pro^nr^claims^o^ou. 1 CUred 8 ° man^ caae " rlght ncre that X
Just lately I have received letters of praise from these men-
troubfe ra r f ?2 5£*". JSffl?.? 1 "^ "^^ Eaa F ~ ncl » co - He was cured of a b*ck
digestion 1 ' SnSSitS? Si estnut aTe - Santa Cruz. Cal.. who say. I cured him of In-
yea" Con stlpatlon. Nervousness and Lumbago, from which he had «uffered for 13
tow? tha e t V i r h^ o^'J t - ln l C l C 2 n you the name °* a>man in Tour
lsTnV twlntv <v»«SJf d - **V st^ end . me your address and let me try. Thta
out hum-nUv n^ h / ear in * the busl «**3 of Pumpins new vim into worn-
rc n m«S M nd X ,y e Eot curea ln nearly every town on the map.
aftS^rri 1 "f?™ e if y .^ u ca , n and 1>n flx y° u U P **<* y° u can Pay me
a nice book n; i^h^TMi 03 "* T rit0 , to me and ni do th « same - I' v « S ot
a nice book on men that I'll send sealed, free, if you inclose this ad.
Dr. MX. McLaughlin,^^-feL s^
Office Hours— 8a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Not sold in dru* stores.
; j^ ;¦;._._.;;; Ap^mmsEMisxTS.
' . -." The disease'which has Drought more suffering, degra- j^||!!r>vV
• elation and disgrace upon the human race is the same y&0%23h
' '. ' to-day that it was centuries ago. It is called Contagious H^§^^>'—
: 13Jobd Poison, "The Bad Disease," and is given other
. names, but aicong- all nations is regarded as the blackest :^mS^A^Mr^.
••'and vilest of all human diseases. It goes from bad to ''^^A^fsW^
• .wojse ; the little sores that first appear are soon followed *^\f >T> ""//
' "bytpthers ; : the glands of the _ 5'£'JA
'< -"reins swell and inflame a . J wa » afflicted with blood poison, and tho best
6 roms ysvc u ana muame, a doctors didme no eood, though I took their treat-
- ' I ed eruption breaks out on the ment faithfully. In fact. I seemed to ffrow -worse
•bodv the month and throat fir £ » while. I was disheartened, for it seemed
. uoay, tae mourn ana tnroat th at x WO ui d noV er be cured. At tho advice of a
'become ulcerated, the hair and friend I then took S. S. S M and began to improve
• yellow blotches make their appetite. Although this was ten years ago, I have
' ' appearance and if the disease n8ver had a Bl^ 11 ot th e disease to return.
"is- not checked at this stage. So3 285 ' Sava^ah, Ga. w. K. NEWMAN.
*. Jpvery bone, innscle, tissue and nerve in the body Decomes infected with, the
•^poison, and from the roots of the hair to the soles of the feet there is not a
. ". >*-*w y*-*»n sound spot anywhere. To cure this awful contagion '
; -|^S 1^7 tC^ blood must first be purified, and nothing will do
. J^^ so quickly and surely as S. S. S., which has been
X^~y it^^J known for years as an antidote for the poisonous
- -^—^ v * — *^ **+m*r virus of Contagious Blood Poison. Mercury and pot-
." fish, may check it for a time," but it comes back in a still more aggravated
form. ' S.S: S. is guaranteed purely vegetable, and $i ,ooo is offered for proof
- that it contains a mineral ingredient. Write for our home-treatment book,
and learn all about Contagions Blood Poison and how to treat it. No charge,
1 ' tor medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CG., ATLANTA. GAmTHURSDAY. AUGUST 4.
gun rises 5 : i3
San sets 7 -is
Moon rises (third quarter) 11-^2 p. m.
5 ITtoe; jTime! |Tlme| iTtmeT
i I 1 Ft- ! Ft. j 1 Ft. I ) Ft.
• |H W| jL Wj jH w] L. W(
4 1 5:021 3.4!I0:25| 2.21 5:031 a.11 j
JL W! |H W iL Wf H W
5 0:00 1.3| 6:27 3.3 11:22 2.6 6:B2 6.3
e 1:00 0.S 7:50} S.B 12:27 2.7 6:48 0.5
7 idSH 0.3 fi:S5j 3.7 1:28 2.7 7:40 3.«
8 2:4C— 0.2 8:47| 4.1 2:27 2.7 8:36 5.8
« I 3:32:— 0.<?!10^S| 4.5; 3:22 2.6 9:30) tt.0
"jTCTTi:— la tte a»»v» exposition of th* tide* i
Notifications were ordered sent yes
terday from the license office to com
mercial, mercantile and diamond
brokers that In future they must pay
a banker's "license instead of a bro
ker's license, as some of them have
done in the past. This means an in
crease of from J6 to $51 per quarter
and will CS Increase the
revenue of the city. There are some
seventy firms engaged in the business
of the kind mentioned. The increase
Is especially aimed at the brokers who
engage In diamond contracts.
WANTS WATER MAINS.— The Southern
Heights Improvement Club petitioned the Su
pervisors yesterday - to compel the Spring Val
ley Company to lay water mains In Missouri
Krwt aad to s«t hydrants at Eighteenth and
Nineteenth streets on the street. The club also
petitions for the installation of six electric
lights la the district.
Mast Pay Banker's License.
NOTE— The high and low waters occar at
the city frost <Mission-«tre« wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; th* height
of tide Is th* same at both places.
San, Moon and Tide.
lalted Etat** Coast aad Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at FOrt Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Sut/erintendent. r
The Una ball on the tower of th« Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e- at noon ol the 120th meridian, or at
S p. m. Greenwich Urn*. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N., la Charge.
Time BaJL
Branch Hydrcirraphic Offlc*. U. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco. CaL.
August S. 1S04.
THROWN FROM WAGON. — William Bar
nett of 869 Market street was thrown from a
¦Karon on Powell street yesterday and sus
tained a broken kneecap.
Jules of 315 Pine St. la in no way con
nected with any uptown restaurant. •
: .; '.Sjirppiiig- Intelligence.
¦"*"*••• . — jAT^T?! V h'I>
•», •. n ecaescay, Ac rust 8.
• •' U; 8 «ar.r •Preb!«; Lo^ez, — ho«n troa Sast*
-..Earbc^a.- i :
• ' u -STeiSir Paul Jone«, DaTldsoe. — hours
¦' frVnr"£Sx.£a- Barbara.
' ' 0- "S tar F.rtuae, SlcArtnsr. — beers from
: £*r.-a Bariar*
•••V U & tu* Cr^dlU*. McOlaals, — boors from
' £aata •
• '¦S'jxr O!^:^ic, Eassea. S<S hocri frcd 6aa
.Pfdro.. • ' ,
' * -Stjnr F A Kilbura, Tbotssisoa, 7 hours from
' Tort Rodgers.
•' ' Stair Corona.- Gielcw, 19 bsui* from BureJca
¦'..* -'•- ' Santa 1: .-..». Olsen, 43 hour* froa
R^pndo.
¦ : £or.r D«siaica, Levinsca. 44 hours frost
Ean"P?dro.
"• *Stnr Phoecix. Oilasd. 29 hsnrs from Eureka.
. " Stmr M%ada^.y. gs^th, 2S hours from
' E^r*lca.
- . fitrjr . Ncrth .Fork. Nelsoa, 24 hoars from
EsreiLa.
•Br^f L.cr::r*. Forest. 7 days from Grays
»• Uarbor.
S*hr Bessie K. Stark, 12 boors troaa Ban VI
-c nte Landirx.
Soar, V.trg & "VTlag. Lartsa. 6fc day« fro«a
?.jt^w Elvar.
. • CLEARED.
I Wednesday, August S.
Stair State of Calirornla, TJlcoIscn. DI
eir> aad war parts; Padsc Coast Steaatsai?
Cttjipaay.
Strcr Urcatlila. Ncpander, Victoria, B C,
•tic; Ficisc tXa»t Steams-tiD Ccaaj*ay.
€A1LED.
ajSr^ Wednesday, Aur-^t S.
Susr T A Ki:bcr3. Tar.c:ps>:a. Port Kodgera.
: 'Stair Bccita. Preble. Ean Pedro.
gtror Noyo. John»aa. E^reJta.
¦" . Ets:r Cn^tllla. No^aader, Victoria, etc
• Sta:r Uagrie,* Cornlag. Hairsoca Bay.
Etinr «j.rcac Nelsixi. Ecreka.
,Stzr.T Alcazar WtskH. Greenwood.
.* tftjsa 1 Bruaswlcic. Ellefsen. Fort Bragg.
SSnr Oly»i/i<% Hanson. Hoqulam.
. .Etair Arffo. uasbtm, E«l Rirer DCrta.
.•" ttn-.r Klval. Fdsea. £ure)uu
" * etxar Scats SIsnica. Olsm. Crays Harbor.
•Sta-J- GutlalaJ- Kainin, liowens T.-.nifi Pr
• Ew.r ScGta Coast, Oisec Cajipar.
Stpr Catca, Jttartlo. Pcrtiaad and Astoria.
. .Scfcr Sacramento. Gruggel, Sluslaw River.
In tow, i^t tug S«a Bewr.
•. BrSg VT G Irwln. Moe. Roche Harbcr.
: .'Fcb» C A Klo**.. i&ervKT, bluslaw Rivar. ta '
•¦JUw.of tux Hca Rcver.
Notice to SLariricrs
\ -HTLO BAT, .ISLAND OF HAWAII. T. H.
. *' Noeicy is" fcereby riven that the Bioode R«ef
BjjotL- cjn. bU.ck. marklsur th« we«tj»rly edge
oY -B!ci>i» Ree*. el il'Ao Bay, Island of Hawaii.
¦T. .«„ adrift J=n«t IT. 15*04. was replaced July
•IS."'!*©*,-- about- 100 feet 6E. trots its rorrner
po«itloa-«a tix>wa ca U. S. C asd O. 8. chart
;No: 41X.. !a -12 fe«t oC wa£sr. oa Uw XaUowing
; : ;Le^ Taarent Keokaa Po*at E. H S.
¦:^"ithoi«« CSsurca Tower SSTv
: - r'«.C.:-ji IXghl HW. -
•: XJT crder cf th» LUrtttc=j» Board,
A. P. NTBLACK.
¦LieoferusBt CcisSiasder. U. S- N, Assistant to
I tjje lissectar pi the Twelfth Ligt-tious* Dis-
••¦ .?*• -Oersaa sjilp 'VTaadsbek Is lenatted
.ctAfimrei f6r 'fciaibar from Pug« Socm4 to
.Cork.'- U.- K.
• Th« •cacener TEric loads lumber oa Psgrt
t> \.i; ttm Sa^ia/Rsaa!:*, IZ'x.m
Matters cf interest to Mariners and
'¦-•'• •• Shipping Merchnnt*.
Xt\VS <JF THE OCEAN.
Members of the State Board of
Trade are x to take a trip to the Big
Basin, leaving the city on Friday after
noon, August 12, on the 3:15 boat for
Alameda mole, where a special train
will be in -waiting.
Arriving at San Jose a delegation
from that city will join the party and
¦will proceed on the journey to Boulder.
Creek, where a reception will be held
in the evening. Later the excursion
ists -will be taken to Ben Lomond and
the following morning will return to
Boulder Creek and from there will
take carriages for Redwood Park,
where an inspection of the great forest
will be made. Returning to Boulder
Creek the party will later take a spe
cial train for Santa Cruz, where a re
ception is to take place in the Casino.
The return journey to San Francisco
will be made on Sunday at 1:30
o'clock, bringing the excursionists to
th^ city at 5:25 o'clock.
The object of the excursion is to ac
quaint the San Francisco business men
with the opportunities afforded by the
Big Basin for a national park. The
trip will be under the direction of L-
M. Fletcher, secretary of the Board of
Trade. "' :i:f •
Members of State Board of Trade f to
Solve the Opportunities for a
National Park.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destiaation. I Sails. Pier.
Anjraat 4.
Chlco Astoria A Portland « pni Pier 2
Cbehalls... Grays Harbor 3 pmiPier °
•Jeanie Seattle & Taeoma. 10 am' Pl«r 20
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pmjPler 2
Breakwater Coos Bay ) 5 pm I Pier 8
Ccronado. . ., Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
Sequoia j Willapa Harbor 12 m Pier 2O
Pomo ' Pt. Arena A Albion 6 pm!PIer 2
State of Cal. San Diego A Way.) 9 amiPier 11
G. Lindauer Grays Harbcr [ IPler
Hcmer ! Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
San Pedro, .i Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
! Aag-utt 5.
P.edondo... j Astoria & Portland! 6 pmlPier 2
Alliance... J Eureka & Coos B.lll amlPler 16
Corona Humboidt il:30p)Pter !?
Columbia.. Astoria A Portland 11 am 'Pier 24
Augrnat 6. |
Eureka Humboidt 9 am I Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm[Pler 2
China China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier" 40
North Fork. Humboidt 5 pm|Pier 20
Alameda.... Honolulu »... H amlPier 7
City Sydney N\ Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Angrtiart 7. [
Elizabeth.. Co<ju!lle River 8 pm! Pier 20
Coos Bay... Ban Pedro A "Way. 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
S. Rcea.... Saa Diego & Way, 9 am Pier 11
Aurnit 8.
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 ptnjPier 2
Q Q e«o Paget sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Pomona i Humboidt 1 :30 p'Pler 9
¦ Ang-ast 9.
Maripo«a... Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. Dollar...! Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Anffuit 10. | |
Arctic Homboldt 112 mlPier 2
G. W. Elder; Astoria A Portland 11 amlPler 24
August 11.
Eor-tta Newport A Way... 9 amlPier 11
Centennial. Seattle A Taeoma. 5 pmlPier 20
August 13. I
Rarasfts. . , . Hamburg A Way. . 12 mlPier 19
Rainier.... Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 2
Auffust 13. !
Newport... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m^Pler 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports U amjPier 9
Aurelia.... Astoria A Portland! IPler
from Seattle"
Steamer. Destination. galls.
Farallon Ekagway 4 Way Ports. At:g, 5
Roanoke Nome A St. Michael... Aug. fl
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. (Aug. «
Humboidt Skagway & Way Ports. [Aug. 6
Oregon Nome A St. Michael . . . Aug. 10
Bertha *¦ Seldovla A Way Ports. Aug. 10
Santa Clara.. Valde* A SewarJ Aug 12
Garoan* Nome direct lAug. 13
Santa Ana. .. Seldovla A Way Ports. .JAug. 18
BUSINESS MEN PLAN
I3IPORTAXT EXCURSION
... -T^e barkesclas AJta, bocsd frcia East Lca
fiia' Tar - V:ctqriv B. C. pet Into Honol-Iu
Toe«4s> eo accbc*t of Blckness en board. Eh«
friii;T-i»<f ier *cj-age yesterday.
Sickness on the Alta.
Raf on Plonler Adrasccs.
' . Tt*. rai* .of reiaeurance oa tt« Germaa bark
••¦Pvocler -was a£vm.Bccd yesterday to 35 per cent.
' ? -" • " :-» ' out 123 days froca Buenoa Ayres for
' rv-wwa.
• ; ".The scow scaocaer Citaerlna Miller was rna
: irAfi aboc£ 8;3O o'clock Tueeday evening oil
'; Lotnbar*: street wtoarf by a Tes*el supposed to
'- **¦ tiy *te»rner Greenwood. The scnooner w^as
.-.'.struci «j tie pert QTiarter, her ts&insall was
.ioA>-as.'I aScgetiier sh« was dacaged to th«
; :«^re = t cf : $250.
Scow Schooner Damrured-
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jnly SO— Br stair
Athenian, fcr Vancouver.
GREENOCK— Arrived An* 8— Br atinr Rad
lev. lTr-.Tr. IlOllO.
VICTORIA — Arrived Anx 3 — Br stasr Em
pr-s.i cf Jar an. from Tokonama.
SailM Auc 3 — Strr.r Ssokane. for Bltka; Fr
• "-•:.r Eatress of Japan, for Vancouver.
KETf TORK— Called Au* 2— €t=r Advaace,
fcr CoJcn.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aug 3— Ship Su»-
Quehanna. from II:'.?.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER — Passed up
Aug 2 — Snip I F Chapman, from Honolulu.
K1KE1 — Arrived crier to Jnly £0 — Stmr
"WThlttier, heace July 20. vt* Gavlota.
Sailed Aug 1 — Stair Wcittler.- for Saa Fran
cisco.
HONOLULU— SsJIed Acx 2— Bkta S X
Castle, for Saa Frandeco; bark Gerard C
Tobey, for E*a Francisco. Asur 3 — Call bark
Alts, for Victoria. B C.
Arrived Auc 2 — Call bkta Alta. from Ea.-t
London i«j account of sickness); itmr Boooma,
hence July 2S.
EASTERN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 3. 10 p m— Weather
'¦---j. wind w«m; velocity 12 rr-iles p«r hour.
rOlIESTTC PORTS.
POET HARPOKD — Sailed Aw 3. 3 a m —
, D S Kisr Annaoolls, tor San Frar.cJ-.-o; ttmr
t Sar.-.a. Cruz, for .
Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr Ceatrslls, hence
Xus 2.
I-X3RT BRAGG — Arrived Au* 3 — Stair Jas S
Hirglne, hence Aug 2.
EUREKA— Arrived Aur 8 — Btmr Xavarrow
; bence Aug 1; stmr Bee. hence Aug 1; stmr Po
j rr.or.a. hence Aag 2.
Sailed Aur 3 — Stzar Alliance, for Baa Fr&n
! Cisco.
Sailed Aus: 8 — Schr Lottie Carson, for 6*a
Diejrc; stmr Eureka, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 3, 0 s, ra — Star
Bertha, from Vaidez.
6*i:ed Aur 3 — Sunr CenteRni&l. tor Saa
Francisco; «tmr City of S**ttle, for Bkagway;
U h «tit.r bureside. for Alaska.
ASTORIA— Arrrtved Aw 2 — Stmr Aurella,
I hence July 30; etrnr Aberdeen, hence July 30.
Bailed Aug 2 — Strar Francis H Litggett. for
I £an Fraacisco, with log raft In tow.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Aug 3— Br ship
Clecn:ene, for Port NataJ.
COOS BAY— Arrrived Aug J— Stair Arc*ts,
! hence Juiy 31.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Ang 8— Stmr
Coc« Bay. for S&n Francisco; achr Oomet, for
Grar* Harlwr.
REDOXDO — Arrrr«d Acg 8 — Stmr Scotia,
rrcra Eaa Pedro.
EtIIed Aug Z— Stmr P.edondo. for San Pedro.
FO1XT REYES— Passed south Aug 3. 3:15
p tn— Sisir CoQUllie Rivw, from Crescent City,
for Saa Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Ang 8 —
Etrar Xm.tlocnl City, henc* Aar 1.
Sailed Auc 3 — Star National City, for 6*n
Pedro.
BFLLINGHAM — Arrived Au» 3 — Stmr
Rainier, from Seattle.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed An* S— Schr W F
TTltzeaainn. for Ean Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived Ang 8 — Schr
Ft*'.: E Sander, hence July 19.
fcAN PEDRO — Arrived Aux 8 — Bktn Re
tn»ver. frcn Port Hadloclc
s- a ¦¦<=•! Auc 3 — Stmrs Fulton, Eeotia and
! Alcatraz. for Sza Francisco.
Sailed Acjc 9 —^Stiar Eant* Crus, for .
BANDON— Sailed Aug 3— Stair Elitabeth,
; for £aa Fraacisoo. c-~ * *,¦
Schr Mel&ncihon. Stark. Coos Bar.
Echr Fred J Wood. Meyer. Grays Hartor. .
Schr Jennie Grttfin. Gibson, Bollaa&
Taz Sea. Rover. Thompson, -with *chrs C A
Kl ee ajid Sacramento in tow.
TELEGRAPHIC.
•'.. Tht B.-iusi: «afp Red Rock, which 1» reported
' l«t MxieviJeo- siort of prewts:oce. i* th*> Te«el
srhjcfc has fg-ire i largely In reinsurance specu
¦^xtior..- 7*o years ago tjeae salmon washed
-frcrr, £«• ir-ck' was picked up en the Vancouver
•¦V-i^i ahose and the underwriters Juisped to
Z&feaaeSmtqa tb* K*l Rock sa.3 t*eo lost. A
¦vJB.trh .rite -&f- reinsurance ws.s paid on her. aad
-*tr»ri *sr*<raIat-Qr» citared a fcandsers- profit on
•their vestcre. .Before putting into Mcntevldeo
- tt» ctier day the Red R_-Kic vu thrown on her
. fc«a-^ esds. <iur:=g a heavy etora.
Red Hock Well Known.
BRITTSn SHIP RED ROCK. WHICH
HAS PUT INTO MONTEVIDEO IN
/ DISTRESS.
School Board Forms Xew Classes.
School Directors Walsh and Boyle
yesterday decided to establish new
classrooms in the Bernal, Fairmount.
Monroe and Xoe Valley schools owing
to increased attendance of pupils. This
makes about ten new classes estab
lished since the opening of the school
term. President Roncovieri, who has
returned from the East, did not at
tend the meeting of the board yester
day, but will preside at the one to be
held to-day.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ] Prom. j Due. j
Alliance ; Portland A Way Ports.] Aug. 4
Chehali* j San Pedro Aug. 4
Oregonian — .' New York Uug. 4
Montara i Ee&tt!e !aur. 4
Corcnado — .j San Pedro 'Aug. 4
Redendo i San Pedro jAug. 4
Eureka Humbcldt \A.ug. 4
Newport ; New York via Panama. Aug. 4
Queen....... ' Puget Sound Port9 Aug. 4
Coos Bay i San Pedro A Way Pts. Aug. 4
Point Arena. J Mendoctno A Pt_ Arena Aug. 4
Santa Rosa.. J Pan Dtego A Way Pts. Aug. 4
EtnPwlni,.., Humboidt lAug. 4
Arcata : Coos Bay A Pt. Orford.|Aug. 5
Elizabeth ; CoquUIb River Aug. 5
O. Dollar ! Grays Harbor ;Aug. 6
Chax. Nelson.' Sau Pedro I Aug. 8
Newburg j Grays Harbor [Aug. fi
Centennial... Seattle A Taeoma |Aug. 6
Pomona ! Humboidt Aug. 6
Dcric j Cnina A Japan Aug. 6
Raises J Seattle Aug. 7
Argo ! Eel River Ports Aug. 7
Arctic ] Humboidt Aug. 7
G. W. Elder..! Portland A Astoria Aug. 7
Bonlta j Newport A Way Ports. Aug. 8
Del None ; Crescent City jAug. S
State of Cal.. San Diego A Way Pts.fAug. 8
Breakwater.. j COoa Bay Aug. 8
Ventura SySpey A Way Port*.. Aug. 8
Iaqua J Seattle Aug. 8
Pomo ! Point Arena A Albion.. Aug. 9
City PueWa..| Puget Sound Ports Aug. 9
Corona Humboidt Aug. 9
Racier , Seattle & Bellingham.. I Aug. 9
St. Paul ; Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 10
City P?king.., New York via Panama. fAug. 10
Aurella • Portland A Astoria ! Aug. 10
S.Barbara....; Seattle A Olympla !Aug. 11
Columbia....- Portland A Astoria Aug. 12
North Fcrk. . f Humboidt !Aug. 12
Umatllla 1 Puget Sound Ports |Aug 14,
Movements of Steamers.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany has concluded that a new wharf
and shed, costing $291,314, the lowest
bid, made by Healy & Tibbitta, will
come too high.
The board took up the case of the
produce dealers accused of conspiring
to sell potatoes and onions on the
wharves only in lota of fifty and twen
ty-five sacks, in violation of the Wood
ward law. The following named firms
had not withdrawn from the lawless
combine and their wharf permits were
revoked: Henry Bloom, 406 Drumm
street; Simoni & Garbinl, 425 Davis
street; Giovannetti & Son, 127 Wash
ington street; Webster & Dunbar, 304
Davis street; English- Wallace Com
pany, 317 Davis street; Schultz-Han
sen Company. 308 Davis street! Mar
shall, Teggart & Co., 306 Davis street;
G. B. Olcese & Co., 420 Davis street.
The Board of State Harbor Com
missioners of San Francisco evidently
believes in tempering business with,
mercy and giving its employes as
much latitude (with longitude thrown
in) as possible in the matter of deal-
Ing with derelictions from duty caused
from too frequent lunching among" the
v-ater front resorts. This charitable
spirit was shown in the folowing reso
lution adopted at the regular meeting
of that body yesterday:
Resolved, That all employes of the operating
department of the Belt Railroad, while on duty,
are prohibited from drinking intoxicating
liquors or beins in an intoxicated condition.
AU trainmen whose carelessness or neglect of
duty is a cause of accident to persona or
property are liable to a suspension of ten days
or more: when the time of ¦ suspensions ex
ceeds elxty days in one year the employe is
subject to dismissal.
Board of Harbor Commissioners
Passes Resolutions Prohibiting
Intoxication.
BELT RAILROAD EMPLOYES
MUST NOT IMBIBE FREELY
.."¦-• Tbe danr.age sustained by the reve
. nCe* cutter Daniel Manning when she
": '> en; fc.sh':;re recently at Point Mon
"•'taVa was much more extensive than at
¦'f.rs'i. supposed. . After getting off the
;•• reck? .Eiie made her way here under
I Key. own .steam and it was not until
.'.th^.wa.s hauled out cf the water on the !
ways' at Boole's shipyard that
¦'- .the serious natdre of her injuries was
. revealed. The will cost nearly
'",' J3,0>0-5..- The'kee; was badly crushed
,-. snd will havs to be entirely replaced.
•-T^n"j3!ar.ks were also smashed in. The
...•.fci-'jre -k-fels were tern away and the
V\rrrelt£ siveatting will have to be re
... F"-a-t £.
•¦¦,'Tt.rTe% : eEue cutter Bear, which col
¦ lidei tyith the schooner Spokane, is also
.,--aj yard. The Bear's repairs
. will c:_»st a>Dut $11,000.
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column of the successive tides of the
day in order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are bat three tides. 33
sometimes occurs. The heights given are tn
addition to the soundings of the. United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a mlnua ( — )
sign precedes the height, and th«n the number
Civen Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the man
of lie lower low waters.
Attorney Sooy. for Sullivan, says that
the new bond will act as an estoppel
and that it will not be given, so the
housemovers will be out of business
until after the hearing of the case,
which is set for August 15. Sooy de
clares that three bon4s were given by
Sullivan and two other moving con
tractors to the United Railroads to
cover the actual cost of cutting the
wires, and that these bonds were ac
cepted with their sureties by the com
pany. Therefore an effort will be made
to hold the company to the agreement.
It aDDears that the housemovers in
Los Angeles are confronted with the
same problem of opposition by the
owners of wires, and Mr. Sooy has re
ceived word that the contractors there
will join with the San Francisco mov
ers in carrying the case to a final de
cision in the Supreme Court. The sit
uation in Oakland Is the same and
the fight promises to be a vigorous one.
In the case of the United Railroads
against D. J. Sullivan and other house
movers, Superior Judge Murasky has
vacated his order of July 7 modifying
the order of June 23, in which he re
fused to enjoin the housemovers from
cutting the wires or crossing the tracks
of the railroad company, but required
the defendants to give a bond to pay
the exDenses of cutting the wires un
der the direction of the company.
The modifying order of July 7 pro
vided that the former order should not
act as an estoppel against either of
the parties. It was made without no
tice to the railroad company and, an
objection to its provisions was raised
with the result that it was revoked.
The attorneys for the company yes
terday notified the housemovers that
their bond, given under the modified
order, was insufficient and a new bond
would be demanded.
Los Angeles Contractors to
Join Fight Which Will Go
to the Supreme Court
FIEST OKDEB MODIFIED
Say a New Bond Will Not
Be Given for Cutting
Street Railway Wires
HOUSE MOVERS
AWAIT TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, THURSDAY. AUGUST 4. 1904.
U'Wiil Cost Uncle Sam Nearly $30,000 to Put the Revenue Steamer
Into Good Condition Again, the Sharp Edges of Montara Reef Having
'; /.: Wrought Great Havoc With the Government Vessel's Keel and Hull
DAMAGE SUSTAINED BY THE CUTTER
DANIEL MANNING PROVES SERIOUS
7
WANT ADV T ERTISERS IX
XEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
WHJD RECEIVE FREE
A copy of the beautiful picture,
"HOTHOUSE TREASURES,"
Size 36x10 Inches, on heavy
plate paper.
This picture *ishows a yard of
freshly culled roses in their
wonderful variety, falling in
rich profusion from a bowl.
Beautiful Jacqueminots, stately
American Beauties, rich Mare-
¦chol- Nells and others form a
floral picture that will strongly
appeal to all lovers of nature
and art. The exquisite . coloring
of these flowers is followed hi
detail i and the picture will be a
valuable ornament to any home.
BRING YOUR ADS TO-DAY.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guaraatee to cur*
all th» tils that humanity Is heir to, but
thousands of people have beea benefited
by the us* of Bartlett Water and maay
cured.
If you would lmprova your health aad
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
Springs, where there Is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements and. com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottage*. $3 00 to $3 00 p«r
week.
Send for a booklet that will tell yon all
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAX. Bartlett
Springs. CaL. or call at 2 Sutler St.. Saa
Francisco.
Agua Caliente
Springs
We have added maay NEW attractbrn* to
this beautiful asd romantic spot; opea all ta*
year ronad: the nearest Hot Sulphur Sprlags ta
&aa Francisco, temperature IIS degrees; n<*
staring: fare SI 10; sure cure tor rheumatism.
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have flv*
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tab aad plane*
baths aad the largest mineral water swlmaiiag
tank tn the State. Table and rooms ar* first
class. Rates J2 per day. $13 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Atfua Calleata
Epricgs. Sonoma County. California.
W* have erected a stoa* buUdlac modera
dining-room; eaa —at 400 guests. ¦
Every night there is an ex-
citing: match on the new
bowling alleys at
AETNA SPRINGS
If quieter amusement is pre-
ferred, there are pool and
billiard tables. Just send for
booklet. Aetna Springs Ca,
' Napa Co^ Calif.
i
Santa Catalina Island
3% Hours From Loa Angeles. - Beajoa ISO*.
Oar Famous Marine Band.
-'Hunting isouatala goat, salll.-g. »«»>»1ny.
golf, tennis aad th* fiaest ««t»!»s; oa tat
ccast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundred* of furnished Mats as reason-
able rate*.
Hotel Metropole.
Modera !a all particular*.
For further Infonnatloa address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU, 11
Montgomery st.. or BANNING CO.. 223 S.
Spring st.. Lo* Angele*.
SEIGLER -X
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Posi-
tive cure far rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters for liver, kidney and all stomach trou-
bles. Swimming pond, orchestra. Fare $3 re-
turn trip. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic b«auty baths. Rates $10 to $12
p«r w«ek. Baths aad amusement* free. H. H.
McGOWAN. prop.. Seller, Lake Co.. Cal-
Pl If PI fl 11 Hot brings: oa llae Soota-
I J V I 1 1 I HI " n p ««==: 2H hours from
K I K I I ill £*«» Fraadsco. S tralas
II I 1 I I 1 1 1 A * l '"T- luxurious mineral
U I IIUII * nd mui oaths: fc-tei
caique la cclalae servlc*
snd appolatments. laformatloa at 9. P. Co.
Bur *u. 613 Market »t.. Peck's Bureao. 11
Mcacgomery st.. or H. B. WARNER, Byroa
Hot Springs. Cal.
DR, O. O. O'DOXnTEZjIj'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, plcale aad pleasur* r*-
•crt on th* coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease. liver and stomach complalat*.
rheumatism and catarrh ta th* world; 49
miles from S. P. Th* S. P. R. R. aad a. F.
ft N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers-
80 cottages and teats furnished; real cheap;
no fogs nor poisoa oak at th* park; mineral
water, boats, bathing and fichlsg free. Meals
terved at Hotel Rlversld* at reasonabl* rat**.
Inquire of DR. C. C. OTXJNNELL. oiflc*
1021 u Market St.. bat. Sixth aad Seventh. Saa
FraadscOL
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extensively improved; sew hotel; gaa light.
large dinlog-rcom. telephone, huntlsg. flsh^sg.
swimming, bowling, dancing, all tniutmuu,
Personal tranagvmect. Get booklet. 3O Moat-
gomery street. W^. A. McCORNACK. Prop.
LA HONDA AND PESCADBRO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; •
a. m. trala. 3d aad Townsend. aad 8:30 a. ra.
trala from Saa Jose connect with stages direct :
Addres* WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City'
CaJL
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hooiand to Bartlett Spriaja.
Tla Lakeport. carrying passengers far Lakepcrt
and Bartlett Springs. Stage* connect wtra
trains at Hopland. Leave Hcplaad at 12: JO
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30: arrive at Bartiett
Springs at 7:20. New 6- horse 14-pas94sg?r
tourist wagoas. with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport cr Bart-
Int Eprtngi. call for tickets by Baxtlett SPrtagi
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at oUct
of California N. W. Ry.. 630 Market «.. or
at Tiburoa ferry.
MILLER ft HOWARD. Props.
WHITS STrr-PHUE SPBTSrOS, Vail* j x
Cal. — West accessible, ipriaga to t-.n Fraacuco,
round trio *1. ao stage fare; oaly -¦-» hours'
ride; 3 mile* from Vall-Jo; hot. cold and
plunge sulphur batha: wonderful cures of rheu-
matisin. neuraljcla. eczema, kidaey. Uvcr aad
ttcmach diseases. Beautiful grounds aad lak*
for boatlax and bathlag. Daactag pavtlloa. '
New bowling alley and sbuffic board. RaUa,
flO a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
CEL MADRID. VaUeio. CaL
ovmt • in mountains CASCP
BTTJMMSB K03TE of Sonoma Co. MJBESEIl
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $:o
up; cotuges built by Meeker. |5O up; depot;
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and express;
telephone; sawmill: 9GO lots sold: 300 cottages
built. Sausallto ferry. N". S. R. R M. C.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma Couaty.
2J0BTH SHORE HOTEIr— On Tomales
Bay. Good table aad accommodatlaas Hoos*
g»s- lighted Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
SHIELDS. Marshall*. Maria Couaty. Cal
BSVESSISi: EOTEL Ui COTTAQEJ
—Near beach; 3O acres beautiful gruuada; *»w-
c!al rates to families; writ* • for booklet, r.
BARS ON. Proprietor. Saota Croa,
6CSA£TSS'S QE07E — BOSS YAIMT.
- Privat* bearding: terms reasonable. Teaoi
, ia*et* Sunday mornlag trains. Addraa* if da.
; MATT LINDSAT. Ros* Statloa.
DE LA ROZA resort. ' Santa Cruz Mountains.
cottages and tents for light bous«k**pi2g or
omfftriS. A, J. GtSBS, iLjr, Git it, C*{.
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.,
OPEZr ETIBT DAT TS TUB TEAM.
TO WHOM IT MAT CTOJCERN: A year maS
three months »«» I was aitackad with that
terrisia dlseaae. locomotor ataxla. Power t*
»*l»ace. stand, or erea sit dowrj. entirely lo«.
Two test doctors of Saa Francisco and HoC
eprtarv Ark., failed to help me. My stoa-
ach. bowels and kldaers failed to work. I ha4
catarrh of stomach head aad bladder a* a r«~
«alt of the J!»ea«e: the** troubles be«aia»
chronic. At Usie* my heart wotLd o«a4 Ui» a
! artt B»« my eye* crew weaX. my memory baA
i J ay _?« rr e« wrecked. Three months a(o I weae
, io Tuscaa Sprta«T. What h*?p«aed sine* '»a*
* Pleasant surprise to cm. Draak ta« watara.
tooK th* batha — after thre* weeks' treatsieiR
¦toeaach. bowels, bladder aad klda«ys la per-
rect coadltloia. eyeaUht perfect. ner*ouas**«
»<me. meeicry cood. After thre* taonths* treat-
">«ot. walked without a caa^ wtth eye* elanfl
»a« up and down steep hllla; aai curad of this
dread disease, bow waOc with sj;*« Ils»
nay* no storea ta seTeateea towns of ta»
'tat* of CalUorala: am well knowa la dowa-
town dlstrtets of Saa Frasdsco; laqulrr «!«»•
wiu proT* troth of my heipi«sa conditloa thr*»
¦**«» ua. Further lBformaUoa. adiltr—
LOUI3 JACOBS. « Stecktoo »t^ Saa Fraaetao^
W* bar* haa«reds et teettasoalals ttom
others. g«ad 30c ta itasjp* for bottl* •*
•tomaca aad catarrt Salts. Round- trtp Uci»u
at r»*:c*d ratea. Southern Paclfla.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS COR?.,
Tuscan, Cal.
I Spend Your Vacation
for S2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs SanLn^ 6b^
The most Ideal resort for pleasar* aad
tealta oa tie Pacific Coast. Boy rouad
trip ticket frcm «»i Fraa?!sco ta Baa
Lois Est Eolptisr 3pr'.=j». Saa Lc!»
Obispo. CaL. aad return. tnc!s£ia«T sta«*
ta aad frcm sprtsxs and on* week's
board for 9SO.OO to 9S2MO. aeeordiac
to locatlcn of rocms. or board aad accom-
modatlaos fO.OO to * J2.OO per week.
Ecenio surround:=si. free bathrax.
bcatlcs and Csr.ir.- oa srousda. Fta*
F^aay walks. Uosts aad croquet crooads.
£ane* parlllca fcr raests. Fla* Ma
beach cse m:i* fresi Hot Salphur 3;rl2«t
Ccttases aad furniture are all new. Oas
throughout bti'.'.ii ".::;» asd KrouadJ. Our
tab!* t* wen supplied wtth the beat the
market aCortls. Our stax* meets train*
arnviaj mX Saa Lu!» Oblaso at 3:15' 5. m.
every day leieept Scaday).
This la co hospital or saoatarhzai.
i
WHY NOT SPEND YOVB
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANA6E-
MENT— GOLF, GLASS-
I BOTTOMED BOATS, SVBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
uAfiUUU COUNTT; enly 4H hours
*"*' ' ****** traa g^j, Fr^adsco aa<J
but 9 dies staring; ¦li-
ters noted for medicinal rlrtuea: best natural
hot mlaeral water bath ia State. FIRST-
ClJISS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; botJl
n-.orc.n< and afternoon stasjea. Ron rid trip
from Saa Francisco only %S 80l Tak* Tiburoa
terry dally at ?:3O a. m. or 2:3O p. m.
Kates fi a day or 912 a week. Reference*, aay
ruest of the past niae years. Iaformatlca at
Tourist Infortsatfca Bureau. II Montsaaxery
St.. or cf J. T. MULGREW. Skacxs. Cal.
j CAMP CURRY !
1 1 Get cirralan at an railroad on —a. , ,
? Advertised by 4CC0 guests. < >
| YOSEMITE •
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortahl* earrtaxe* dtreet to tlv*
most ptctttresqa* porUon of Callfornta. Bqat
equipped st*«« Ua* la the Stat*. I^aT«*
toca dally t Sundays ezcepted) at 11:30 s. ra..
direct to Harbla. Seljler. A dims. Howard. Aa-
dersoa. Hobersa, Spier*. Ajtorr* aad G'.ta-
brook: talf boor for loach at Ca listen: also t»
MlddUtown. Lower Lake. Kel*tyrti:* aa4
tAkecort. Livery ta ccr.sectloa.
WM. EPIXR3. Proprtatar.
THE TALLAC. X.A3TE TASOZ. f!»Iu
BOTH PLANS— AMERICAN aad ETRO-
PEAN. Rates: AMERICAN— i3 per day aad
upward. *li 50 per week aad upward. ELTtO-
: PEAN — Rccraa. Jl p«r day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations. Uvery aad tcat-
ir.g superior ta any resort on the lake,
STA2X WKST STXZZTaS.
H. KOENER. Proo. UB1 J. D. DROST
aad MRS. H. KOENER wUl manase sprlnsa;
many Insorovements; new cement balhaous*.
and vlm all over place; S3 day; |10 aad |13
wnIl Office. $33 Larkia St.. cor. Geary or
.Mark West Springs. Santa Rosa. RTfral «.
LAKE TAKOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Ccsaects at Trnckee wtta traia leavtas; 3 r.
at 8:05 p. a. Returaias^ ccanects a: Tracks*)
wtth trala reaehtac 3. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE BROCKVVAY HOTEL,
LAKE TAHOE.
Beside the usual attractions of a La£« Tahc*
resort w« hava the cn^r hot uprlzgs. the most
sheltered shore and best flsMig. FRANK Ii
ALVERSON. Maasjfer.
STTBZCOS PA3K-A &cllg*Lttul resort
«n shores ol Laa* Taho*. Beat sandy bcaca
for bathlas.ca tie lak*. Fla* 0y fish las «-=>i
hcatlnc la seasca. Beats. Cshlz? tackle aa4
} horse j at moderate hirs. Rates 13 a day or
{ from $10 to $1& per week. P. O. aad telephoa*.
• A. L. FROST. Rubleoa Park. Lake Taho*. Cal.
nrtD PtDF IVV"^* eottare*: « mU=* from
UCCa I.41VIV l,MLa« Tahoe; epea Jua* I;
e leva tic a C3O7 feet: mineral sprtaza. Bocklat
Travelers* Office. SO Mostssraery st.
J. B. SCOTT^ Deer Park. CaL
CAMPBrU. HOT,S?BI5G3.
la Sierra Nevada Slouacatns. 6ierra Oooaty.
K00 fe«t •levati-a. Ar* beautifully locate-1
at th* bead of th* great Sterra Valley. 3U
miles lens; by 5 rn!l«s wide, surrounding wbic4
U th* *-reat primeval forest of piae aad fir *
specialty Is taa<ls cf tie table. The hot ssnajs
are naequaled fcr the cur* of raaumatina.
eout. liver aad kldaey ccmpUIats aad all blo«4
aad skla diseases. Rates for room aad board.
til to Si: per week. Raand trip from au
! Francl»co to springs via Boca. |14 ia Sta«*
Itfauy txcept Sunday. conaec::3i w;» • •. sa,
irxia trca S«a Tmzur
mm i»
Grand J™ggpgg.ftA B^a
ElcctricalE S Concerts
Display | J^g^y 3 Daily
•jbv«T*i6 mrniifl
Santa Cruzf
WlAAAAAA Finest gJUULmfc
Punjt.Surf g ifjVV 3 Fireworks
«nd Tub jo Bathing 2 W , t cr Sport*
Bath* £ On the . o Roof Garden*
Dancing ,» Coast Summer
Boating md jo ej Th««trlcab
Fine Salmon o Some- 3 VaadcviiU
fishing i J thfalg Z SptcUIUes
Uvely Drives £» Domfl 3 •* •*
Along the | o _ii # i,° 3 Special Rtte$
Copland K Tfnf S v'a S. P. Ry
Throoghth* j° inn C o| During the
Redwood* WoTT* 8 B B ff Entir« Seuon
Hotel EL GARMELO
Pacific Gror». California. *"Th« LJttl* D«l
Monte." At t>>« seaside with home comfort*
Th* slace to apend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathins and fishir.*. Rate*
with beard $2 SO & day- upward, cheaper lhaa
naylr.gr home. Send for illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADA/VIS
IS FINISHED. .
Erery one knows \ that Adam* water car*»
¦tomacta Uvsr and kidney diseases.
WHT EXPERIMENT T
For farther particulars writ* uW. B. PRA-
THER.
DOWEiL BIT., WOODWORK'S? R&
'No foff. Purest sprlay water. Climate natural
tonic and lnvlgorator. Residence 29 years. $7
per week. Woodworta & Muller. St. Helena, Cal.
Saratoga Springs.
19 different mineral spriegs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Monuomery st. or at J.
MARTEXB. Bachslor P. P.. Lak* Co*. CaX.
garden' city sanitarium
JS'ot a hospital ; b«st equipped on Coast; mou-
' era Improvements; large treatment rooms;
Weal location: IV, acres; one block from street
cars: write for literature. Saa Jose. CaL
_ . " Menlo Park, on* hour from
1 1 ft I TT J O ett -y- NLn * train* dally. P«r-
H 1111 I \ feet climau; b««uUfut pUce;
1 1 U I I I W comfort and quiet; excellent
tabl*.
Address W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Bottfa School.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Bcswlck. Elsktyou County. California.
Writ* : to EDSON BROS, tor Booklet. ;
NOTE THE CONTRIBUTORS
Here Are the Attractions
for Readers of Next*
SUNDAY'S
CALL
Dr. Xavier,.
First installment of MAX
PEMBERTOJTS well - known
noveL
Mr. Dooley,
On the Duties of a Vice-Pres-
ident. By FIXLET PETER
DUNNE.
Waiters I Have Known,
By JEROME K. JEROME.
Billy's Tenderfoot,
By STEWART EDWARD
WHITE. '
The Chorus Girl as She Is,
By the Famous COLONEL
KATE.
Fables for the Foolish,
By NICHOLAS NEMO.
The Secrets of Home Candy
Making,
Illustrated by Photos at Mas-
key's Factory.
Talks on Physic Law,
By MARIE CORELLL
What Women Want to Know,
By MADGE MOORE.
Uncle Luther Don/ell's Wooden
Leg,
By RAT 6TAXXARD BAKER.
Rafo,
By FRANK H. SWEET.
A New Climax,
By HUBERT McBEAN JOHN-
STON.
Her Last Call,
By KEITH GORDON.
A Review of Some New Books,
By ROBERT W. RITCHIE.
The Call's Critic
A Full Page Profile Photograph,
Posed by Gladys Ure.
Simplicity
One of BRTSON*S Swellest
Creations Given FREE with
This Issue of The Sunday CalL
The Call Magazine
Is the Most Handsomely Illustrat-
ed Sunday Magazine In the United
States.
Sold Everywhere on the Pacific
Coast, 5c a Copy.
Order Early as the Demand Is
Great and the Supply for Next
Sunday is Limited to 90,000 Copies.
No More Will Be Issued.
* ¦ ""^*^— ~^**^^^MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
Mr. Joseph Griner has surprised h'a
buggy with a new coat of paint and
also surprised his horse with a fine
set of harness. New girls, watch out.
Joseph will be around; don't all be
ready at once.
Mr. Will Myers has purchased a new
buggy. Will says he would take the
girls buggy-riding If he was old
enough.
Mr. Robert Patton of Carbonhlll
was in our vicinity last week on busi
ness.'
While driving along the road the
Hustling. Modern Journalism. '
THE most appalling instance of human greed ever
disclosed is that of the Knickerbocker Steamboat
Company in New 'York City. It overloaded the
Slocum with an excursion'vvhen its fire hose and life pre
servers were rotten, its crew a lot of ignorant louts and
its captain an incompetent, and sent a thousand people
to a dreadful death. But what touched the whole world
to the quiclcmade no impression upon the greedy ghouls
who owned the boat. They obstructed, as much as they
dared,^the disclosure of facts that would put responsi
bility'upon them, and tried to pass the" slaughter as one
of those incidents of risk on the water that foresight can
nof prevent and courage cannot mitigate.
But.this is not all. The company has had the sister
boat of the Slocum constantly in commission as an ex
cursion boat, carrying thousands of people on outings
around the bay, and when the special Federal inspectors
desired to overhaul her the company refused to lay her
off/ for that purpose. officials were compelled to
board her as passengers and conduct an inspection while
fthe was loaded with human freight.. They found the life
preservers and fire hose rotten, the life boats and rafts
incapable of living a moment in the water, and the
whole craft a death trap, even more dangerous than the
Slocum.' When the captain was asked to sound the bell
for a fire drill of the crew he did not know what'it meant
nor did the crew. No man knew anything about a sta
tion or co-operation in time of peril. They were of the
same class as manned the Slocum.
This is something that almost passes b*elief,. and it.
: would not be credited were it not in an official report.
When the Iroquois Theater burned every theater owner
• in "the country understood that his self-interest required
thathe make his place safe, and this feeling was not con
fined to Chicago, but was general in this country and in
the cities of Europe. Rut this' Knickerbocker Steamboat
Xompany, withjthe blood of a thousand on its grasping
hands, was not impressed by its awful crime, buf-went on
in the way of committing another. The law should
reach such .wretches, and when its hand is lifted there
shouldjbe.left upon,them the mark of Cain . . . .
A LESSON UNHEEDED.
Then we roguishly tumbled 'im over the
side.
And quickly reversin* the screws.
We hurried away to- Mehltable Bay
For a jolly piratical cruise.
Old Capting Pink of the Peppermint —
.I'm shocked and I'm pained to say.
That there's few you'll -find of the*cap»
ting's kind . "
In this here degenerate day.
— Wallace Irwin, In Leslle's'Monthly
And hammered the dear old bloke;
And he understood (as we knowed he
would)
That we done what we did as a joke.
We winked at each other and smole.
And we snickered in glee and says, saya
we,
"Ain't that like the dear old soul!"
Old* Captins Pink of the Peppermint,
We all of us loved 'im so.
That we waited one night till the tide
was right x
And the funnels was set for a blow.
Then we hauled Mm out of 'Is feather
bed.
Sometimes he'd stroll from the ostrich
hatch.
Jest a-feelin* a trifle rum.
Then he'd hang us tars to the masts and
spars
By a. heel or an ear or a thumb. ___
When he had done' like that, as he oft
times did.
When he brained a man with a pingl*
spike,
Or plastered a seaman flat.
We should 'a been blowed, but we all of
us knowed
That he didn't mean nothin* by that
Old Capting Pink of the Peppermint,
Though kindly at heart and good.
Had a blunt, bluff way of a-gittln' 'is say
That we all of us understood.
Dear Old Cafn Pink.
Christmas came, but instead of "Con"
going up to $300 it fell to $25. The man
was a pauper. In lamenting his loss
he incidentally mentioned to a frie'nd
of Flood's how he lost his all. Flood,
who was generous to a fault, sent for
Hank and had him repeat his story.
When he learned of his chance re
mark about "Con going to 300 before
Christmas" he fairly shook with laugh
ter, and explained what it meant.
It was in reference to the gift of a
young sow, made a present to him by
"Con" O'Connor, who, for the fun of
the thing, had called the pig "Con."
The bet alluded to the sow's increasing
in weight to 300 pounds before Christ
mas and not to Con. Virginia.
Having enjoyed the joke and after
joshing Hank the noble-hearted Flood
bought back the ranch for Hank and
recompensed him for all his losses. The
originality of the joke and the knowl
edge of the penalty paid by an eaves
dropper was Flood's reward.
in Consolidated Virginia stock, which
was then selling at $75 a share.
HANK HEARD THAT COX WOULD
GO UP TO 30O BEFORE CHRIST
MAS.
Moscow's Magic Croze.
The' cvclone which raged around
Moscow on June 2J, causing great loss
of life and tremendous damage to
property, was a storm such as is sel
dom seen in Russia. At intervals hail
of unusual size fell— some stones as
large as a hen's egg— and the wir.d
blew with terrific force.
Almost the first that suffered was
the historical Annenhoffsky Grove,
which eye-witnesses say v.as leveled
to the ground as if by word of com
mand. This grove was called into be*
ing bv the Empress Anna. One day;
from her balcony she remarked^
"What a beautiful spot— if only thera
was a ffrove here!" r
Next morning on going to her win
dovr she beheld a grove. The Duke of
Biron had given orders that in tha
night all the trees in tha neighbor
hood should be transplanted there.
So, in a single night, the Anm n
hoffsky Grove was planted. Last \vetl£
it was destroyed in a second. — London
Mail.
Ansivers to Queries.
BLAKE THE ACTOR— E. T. 3..
City. Wlnfleld Blake, the actor, was
a resident of San Francisco before ha
appeared on the stage at Fischers.
CUBAN PAPER— E. HL. Oakland.
Cal. There are published in the city of
Havana, Cuba, a paper called ths
Havana Post and La Lucha (Eng
lish-Spanish).
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR— Calandria,
Modesto, Cal. This, department does
uot recommend any particular prepara
tion for the removal of superfluous
hair. Any druggist can do that.
PLUMP NECK— Calandria, Modesto,
Cal. The answer to the question: "How
will one acquire a white, plump neck?"
is, if nature has not blessed you witb
a white, plump neck, you will have to
be satisfied with what nature has
given you. ¦
DEVELOPMENT— Calandria, Mo
desto, Cal. There are any number oJ
books of physical culture obtainable
at small cost from booksellers thai
•will describe exercise which, it is
claimed, -will "develop the bust and
hips."
COMMANDER IX CHIEF— H. 3L,
Oakland, Cal. Your question as to thi
President of the United States being
the commander in chief of the arraj
and navy is answered by section 1 ol
article 2 of the United States consti
tution, which is as follows: "The
President shall be the commander in
chief of the army and navy of the
United States and o* the militia of th«
several States when called into the
actual service of the United States."
Fov alfalfa one miner's inch to
three acres is sufficient in the Los An
geles region.
In large propositions like the Im
perial canals in the desert of Tuma
the term miner's inch is never used;
instead the term is acre feet, which
means one foot of water covering: each
acre. \'-._ "•¦
Having no connection with any ir
rigation project, but from Jong- prac
tical experience, familiar witTI^irriga
tion methods, I have presumed ta-cor
rect the error in your editorial. ';.
Yours truly,
WILLIAM H. HOLABIRD.
Editor Call — Dear Sir: Tour edi
torial in to-day's issue upon "Irriga
tion Fancies" contains an error that
I feel sure you will be glad to correct.
This is as to the duty of water.
"A miner's inch to 500 acres of
land" is so absurd that I feel sure It
is a* typographical error. The Iea3t
quantity of water capable of produc
ing a crop in California is one miner's
inch to ten acres, and that in oranjra
growing in Southern California. This
Is accomplished only by accumulat
ing the water for delivery in a head
of thirty inches once a month, or at
best a fifteen inch head once every
fifteen da vs.
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 2
A Miner's Inch.
A GREAT responsibility ¦-, rests upon the Panama
Canal Commission. In addition to the task of*
constructing an interoceanic canal for the free
passage of the commerce of the world by the short route
between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, they will soon
administer the Jpanama railway. This, short road con
nects at •both ends with steamship lines, and the company
operating the sole line of .steam vesssels between the
isthmus of Panama and the Pacific Coast of the United
States has for many years been so managed as to be
auxiliary to the plans of the transcontinental railways.
The interest of the latter has been and still is to carry
all the transcontinental freights between the Atlantic
and Pacific seaboards of the United States. To pre
vent any interference with their projects they have had
practical control of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's operatipns between the designated points. Rates
by the sea line have been made such that they have not
interfered with the railways. The latter has had the trans
portation of freights as a monopoly for the greater bulk
and for nearly all classes. The people of the Pacific
Coast have been compelled to accept, their terms.
The United States Government now owns sixty-nine
seventieths of the .stock of the Panama Railway Com
pany and has three out of thirteen directors. The ad
vantage to commerce that will follow the opening of the
Panaeia canal is the free use of the sea to all comers.
The United States Go\'ernmcnt is about to control the
Panama railway. This road, used in conjunction with all
carriers by sea, and thrown open to all who wish to use
it forjthe movements of commerce, on even terms, and
without discrimination in favor of or against any car
rier, is the key to much that will relate to commerce in
the immediate future. It can be used practically in lieu
of the canal until the latter is completed and opened.
Freights in both directions, the products of California
and general merchandise of all sorts, can be given a
chance very soon to move to market at the lowest rates.
The boon that the canal may confer is only greater than
tliat residing in the proper use of the Panama railway
by the Government. . "",
President Roosevelt has addressed a communication
to the members of the Panama Canal Commission, ev
pressing a desire that no contract between the Panama
Railway Company and any. transportation line against
public policy shall be renewed. As the canal can never
be given over to the exclusive use of any transportation
company 'as a matter of public policy, it is difficult to
see how the present . opportunity to encourage com
merce and to promote the use of the vessels of the
merchant marine of the United States can be set aside
for the benefit of any combination of railways and
steamship lines as against free use by the people.
It is, however, reported on good authority from Wash
ington that the Panama Canal Commission will decide,
while they are on the isthmus, for which the Commis
sioners have recently, set sail, what shall be done about
the contract between the Panama railway and the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company. The Commissioners
representing the United States Government as directors
of the Panama railway now number but three. There
are thirteen directors altogether. How the ten who
are not representative of the United States will act is
uncertain. Hence the situation is very interesting. A
grave responsibility exists.
A GREAT RESPONSIBILITY.
other day Mr. John Sain became int-r
est*d in a conversation with Mr. Davi.l
Kern. His horse being thirsty became
interested in a little stream which,
a una close by the roadside, and mads
a dash for the same, and nearly cap
sized the buggy. Fortunately Mr.
Kern caught the buggy, preventing
serious accident.
We notice Mr. Fred Stiers driving
through our vicinity very frequently.
Several of the young ladles of thii
place had their photos taken recently
while hoeing sweet potatoes.
Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Warner of Logan
gave an outing to their regular board
ers Sunday, July 3. They went to fealt
peter^Cave, where a fine dinner was
served, which consisted of roasc
chicken, roast pork, hard boiled egg?,
pickles, olives, three kinds of cake.
three kinds of pies, bread and butter.
and jelly, hot coffee, lemonade and
pop. — Logan (Ohio) Journal-Gazette.
Alameda County has decided to arrest every tramp
that has the temerity to venture within the lines, of
county authority. The decision is a wise one from at
least two important points of view. It will save Ala
meda the expense of future prosecution for violations
of the law and will protect the people from the hazard
of injury and depredation. A tramp should bring his
credentials, if not his provisions, with him. /
In the old days of excitement, when
mining stocks were on the Jump and
men became millionaires over one
day's dabbling, an Incident' occurred at
the country residence of James C.
Flood in Menlo, when a fairly well-to
do resident found himself without a
home In the short period of one week.
The man's name was Hank, and, be
ing a first-class gardener, he readily
found employment about the residences
of the wealthy owners of mansions.
In this way he was employed at the
Flood residence. Hank was loitering
about the garden one Saturday even
ing as the proprietor, fa company with
a visitor, was looking over the stock.
Mr. Flood, who had just stepped out
of the hos corral, casually remarked
to his friend that he would be willing
to make a bet that "Con would go up
to .300 before Christmas." Hank con
structed "con" to mean Consolidated
Virginia, and, taking the tip which
he thought would make him a
millionaire, he disposed of his holding
of 250 acres of fine land, his stock and.
In brief, every thing he had on earth
except his wife and four bright little
Hanks. The proceeds he invested
How He Missed It.
scathed. This because that man has behind him the
weight of a moral power such as few Governments pos
sess. The indomitable old idealist from his Russian
farm sways an influence greater than that of Nicholas
on his throne.
Tolstoy certainly speaks thus to the great hurt- of
his Government. His sentiments are the reflection of.
those of thousands of peasants, who 'see sons and fath- s
ers taken away to fight for a land they mayhap have"
never heard of and to die before the bullets of men
they have never known. Tolstoy's philosophy is the
peasants' philosophy: it needs no great study for them
to be admitted to his faith, for it is their faith. When,
therefore, the great teacher oLa Christ-like love and
Christ-like life inveighs against the brutalities and insani
ties of the Czar's war his words will carry a thrill to
the very backbone of the country itseif.
¦ HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL. 5
.HENRIETTA^ STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, 'LONDON, July 2L— It isn't
?¦very one who could hit a King square
ly in tbe face and get off scot "ree, but
ascertain athletic lady of London has
cfone both things. She Is Margaret
Smith, the flower-seller - who made
Euch a rncES of her .' , attempt to
fcho.w her loyalty u> liter sovereign, Kins
Her Title to Fame.
The forlorn condition of the cat is
atracting the attention of w.ell-disposed
persons in London, who recently held
a well-attended meeting and unanim
ously Dassed a resolution to invite the
Chancellor of the Exchequer to consid
er a proposition to tax cats as a meas
ure likely to promote the welfare of
the domestic Det and increase the as
sets of the British empire. One of the
speakers urged that every argument
offered against the time-honored dog
tax, which was first levied in 1796, could
be brought against a cat tax.. He es
timated that such a tax .would produce
£2,500,00() a year, -and while it might
eliminate the many it would give "a
higher social rank tb the few.", From
his investigations it appeared that cat
owners in the country, favored a tax,
but an Essex farmer, took the highly
economic view that a cat tax would
add hundreds a year to -the burdens of
agriculturists, as vermin would increase
and multiply if the cat population, were
diminished to evade the tax gatherer.
The movement- seems to have substan
tial support, inasmuch as it is conduct
ed by the Church Society for! the Pro
motion of Klndhes to Animals.' Austen
Chamberlain will * now]'^determine
whether the cat tax shall appear among
the proposals in the next budget. . '
All Day With Tabbie.
4 ' I "^ HIS unfortunate, entangled young man, recog-
I nized as the leader of 130,000,000 people, con-
A tinually deceived and compelled to contradict
himself, confidently thanks and_ blesses the troops whom
he calls his own for murdering in defense of lands
which, with yet less right, he also calls his own."
Thus does Count Leo Tolstoy characterize his sov
ereign, the Czar of Russia, in a recent issue of that
arch enemy of Russia, the London Times. % Nor does
he halt at lese majeste in his f ulminations against the
iniquity of the present war. A 1 " judiciary much more
lenient than that of Russia would construe treason out
of the following utterance of the apostle of peace:
"So that to this question as to what is to be done
now, when war is commenced, for me, a man who under-'
stands his destination, whatever position I may occupy,
there can be* no other answer than this, whatever be
my circumstances, whether the war be commenced or
i?ot, whether^thousands of Russians or Japanese be
killed, whether not only Port Arthur "be taken, but St.
Petersburg and Moscow^-I cannot act otherwise than
as God commands of me, and that therefore I, as a man,
can neither directly nor indirectly, neither by direct
ing nor by helping, nor by inciting to it, participate in the
war; I cannot, I do not wish to, and I will not."
Tolstoy has said these things and not a hand has
been raised against him, no Cossack band has been sent
to. drag him from his retreat into court and the final
oblivion of Siberia. Had a student at Moscow or an
artisan in. the shops at Cronstadt but- dared to whisper
such a sentiment. in the\ privacy of his own closet he
would ere this be on his way across the Ural Mountains
to live the rest. of . his days as Number Such-and-Such in
Yakutsk or Verhoyansk. The secret is this—the bu
reaucracy in St. Petersburg" -dares not raise a finger
against Tolstoy.
An instructive. sidelight upon despotic government is
this and. a significant. Where journals may be sup
pressed at the stroke; of a pen and lettres de cachet is
sued against the highest trpon the '"; mere voicing of a
police suspicion, a ; man may send forth \ for the world's
reading declarations verging on treason and remain^uu-
TOLSTOY AND THE WAR.
Two more of the plug-uglies that find with their fel
lows and hangers-on a mine of wealth in a gudgeon pub
lic are preparing for another "fight" in this city. The
only preparation necessary for these bruisers is 'to in
duce our sports to believe that the. contest will be honest
and net unequal. While we have ample experience to
prove that it will be neither, the box omce receipts will
not support either our experience or our beliefs.
! . T^ ¦ ¦ ,-. . . , • . j
forfl " a first clars chance for some j
'¦ Ajnerican millionaire with social am- j
..bitioas to acquire a country Residence j
• where fashionable folk abound and i
abundant opportunities are afforded to
make- cash count.
: As the photograph here reproduced '
*?hows, Norris Castle fs a stately build
ing and worthy of its beautiful setting.
It occupies a lofty position in a superb- I
ly wooded park which, sloping to the
.Solent, possesses some three-quarters |
• of -a -mile of sea front and affords ex- >
tensive views of those world-famed
yachting: waters over which the Ameri
ca sailed when she won the trophy
that has long been regarded as the
"blue riband of the seas." As castles
£o it is not a particularly ancient one.
It was built a little over one hundred
• years ago for Lord Henry Seymour,
but the architect, Henry Wyatt, was
the best of his day and designed Apsley
House, the Duke cf Wellington's fa
mous London residence. Towered and
': embattled, Norris Castle is a perfect
S replica of a Norman castle and com
plete in every detail. It is not one of
. those- whopping big feudal piles,
I . planned to accommodate an army of
retainers and where a guide is needed
to pilot one around, but it is amply
large enough for modern requirements
and entertainments, containing -some
thirty rooms and a lofty hall, forty-six
by fourteen feet. The estate covers
150 acres and upon it are a couple of
picturesque lodges — one of them in the
fornV of a round Norman tower — and
several cottages, stabling and farm
buildings. It adjoins the royal domain
•of Osborne and was for a time the
home of Queen Victoria, who occupied
" it in. preference to her own Osborne
House, the situation from many points
cif view bein?r superior.
• During its regatta season the Isle of
Wight is the hub of the British social
universe. The King is then always to
: be found there with his attendant sat
ellites. The German Emperor general
ly turns up to take part in the yacht
" racing and nobs of high degree swarm
all over the place. At such a time the
' owner of a place like Norris Castle
would find himself "right in it."
KORRIS CASTLE. ISLE OF WIGHT.
\ . WHICH IS TO BE PLACED ON
' THE BLOCK.
Now Margaret carries her head high ¦
among her flower-selling associates j
and declares that when she next gets !
a chance to see the King drive by she
will present him with two of the best !
bunches of roses to be got if she has to j
"go broke" to do it. And the constable i
has received a wigging instead of the j
promotion he had expected. j
: ¦
the police to "stand back!" Margaret
stepped from the sidewalk to the street \
and as the King's carriage whirled by
she cried out at the top of her lungs,
"God bless your Majest. " and threw
her bouquet into the vehicle. But stout
of arm as well as loyal of heart, Mar- |
garet hurled it harder that she was j
aware of and the floral tribute struck ]
the King square between the eyes. .
It did no damage to the royal physi
ognomy and the King, well under
standing the good intention that had
prompted the blow, picked up the bou
quet and smiled on the donor. London i
would never have heard of the inci- J
dent, probably, had, not a zealous con-!
stable witnessed it. To him the act i
came within the official definition of j
assault and battery and "lese majeste" j
to boot. He promptly collared Margar- |
et and marched her off to Bow Street •
Police Court. It was fortunate for !
Margaret that he did so, as otherwise
she would have still remained an in
conspicuous Smith. The magistrate
remanded her to ascertain what action
the King wished taken in the mat- ;
ter. Margaret was not kept long j
waiting in durance vile to learn her (
fate. Promptly* came back the royal }
answer "Release her instantly." And j
to Margaret herself was conveyed a]
private message to the effect that the j
King appreciated her loyalty and
treasured her gift. i
¦ HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL, 5
HENRIETTA STREET. COVEXT
* GARDEN. LONDON, July 21.— Norris
• Castle, one of the most picturesque
" mansions on that most famous and
aristocratic of England's beauty spots
*-ihe.Isle of Wight — is to be sold by
iuction early in August. This will af-
Special Correspondence.
Castle for Sale.
Where justice is principles flourish; where there is un
selfishness and due regard Jor all rights the party that
enforces that sentiment does not have to wait long for
the vigor which it inspires. The material and political
interests of Northern California do not require two Sen
ators. They arc amply and wefl supplied now with rep
resentatives in the State and National governments.
Every interest in Southern California does need the Sen
ator. To deny it is to injure them and affront the peo
ple. The Republican party cannot afford to do it, and
we are persuaded that.it will not do what it cannot afford
to do. '
. In the last State election the general majority was
large, but the Governor had a narrow margin. Every
member of the party appreciates the importance of his
election and the benefit of the excellent administration
he has given to the State. It has everywhere increased
the vigor of the party and has strengthened its hold upon
the people. This has not come of mere control of the
patronage, but from the character of the administration
in its relation to all of the public interests. It is the
duty of the party to remember this- and to be guided by
a policy of justice toward every section of the State that
abided by public duty and made the present inspiring
situation possible.
In the last State election Southern California cast
close "to 40.000 Republican votes out of a total of 146,332
cast for Governor in the whole State. We by no means
base our whole argument for. a Senator from Southern
California on that vote, but it is' a factor that weighs very
appreciably. This is a big State, nearly one thousand
miles in length. It covers so much latitude that its two
extremes may well have individual interests and aspira
tions to be served in the United States Senate. We all
know exactly how we would feel if Southern California
had the Governor and Lieutenant Governor, one Senator
and a member of the President's Cabinet, and then
should demand the other Senator also. We all know
that such a demand would raise a storm that would bi
sect the party, turn it into two angry and rival camps
and endanger its supremacy in the State. The appalling
consequences, from a party standpoint, would not be
overcome in a generation.
It is an excellent rule in politics to put yourself in the
other man's place and soberly determine how you would
feel there. Putting Northern California in the place of
Southern California in this matter decides the question
at once in favor of choosing the Senator from the South.
It is a rapidly growing section of the State. As it has
grown its Republican vote has grown. The immigration
and the enterprise' it has domesticated there are largely
Republican. Throughout that region are strong men in
the party, and being strong they cannot be expected to
submit to outlawry from their just rights. .
. It is not saying too much to say that in this Presiden
tial year the party vote will be greatly increased by the
immediate, frank and friendly fellowshipping of South
ern California in the matter of the Senatorship. Noth
ing else, can produce such a pleasant condition of good'
will in the w r hole party, and nothing else can more power
fully conduce to its symmetrical growth throughout the
State.
THE campaign for the Senatorship is being carried
on openly and aboveboard as is proper and credit
able to all the aspirants. The Call has no candidate
to urge upon the people. - A choice made from the pres
ent field Would satisfy the pride and the aspirations of
the State and secure an honorable representative in the
Senate. The Republican party is incapable of submis
sion to covert manipulation and will not permit the smell
of smoke on the toga -of a Senator. The position -of the
State has risen to a plane of too much importance to
permit inferior representation or the selection of any
man who has not a clear escutcheon.
These being the circumstances, and the party proving
to be rich in material, its plain duty is to see that justice
is done to itself and to the State by. a proper and equit
able distribution of the, honors and burdens of office and
representation so as to give all of the peopMe and all sec
tions a fair share according to their merit and their ser
vice. - , '. '-J.
Edward, the other day. It ail came
out right, however, and , henceforth
Margaret will be numbered* among the
Smiths who Have done something to
confer distinction on that most com
monplace of patronymics.
When Margaret Smith was young
she might have possessed both a shape
ly figure and good looks. But if ever
she had these charms middle age, toil
and family cares have robbed her of
them. Evidently, however, her trials
and troubles have not soured her or
caused her to turn against the powers
that be. When the King paid a visit
to the city the other day to lay the
foundation-stone of the new buildings
of St. Bartholomew's Hospital, Mar
garet decid'jl that* she would take a
few hours oif from her stand that she
might get a good look at him. As an
offering to the shrine of royalty she
made up a big bunch of her choicest
roses, which she might have sold for
a dollar, and took it with her. She is
a powerful woman and found little dif
ficulty in elbowing her way to a front
place among the throng gathered at
the junction of Shaf tesbury avenue and
New Oxford street to see the royal
party drive by on their return Journey.
A great shout announced their ap
proach. Disregarding the injunction of
THE SENATORSHIP.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST; 4, 1904.
THE SAN FRAKGISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ... ?••...? Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office Thirf and Slarket StreetvS. F.
THURSDAY ...,......:.... ............. AUGUST 4. 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8
Townsend's California Glace fruit* la
artistic nre-etched bo*es. "IS Market *t. #
Good specs, eyeglasses. 15c-50c. 73 4tl
St.. front of Keys Cel. Oyster House. > •
Special Information supplied dally *•
businesr houses and public men by tht
Press Clip^'"!: Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal-
ifornia street. Telephone Main 10*5, •Mrs. A. E. Tiernan, principal of the
Richmond 'School, notified Fire En
gine House X" 26 yesterday that a
lot of rags and paper saturated with
coal oil had been stacked up against
the fence in a yard within fifteen feet
of the premises on Point Lobos ave
nue, near Johnson, now being tempo
rarily used for school purposes. Coal
oil was also splashed all around the
yard and on the fence. Word was at
once sent to Deputy Health Officer
Levy, who directed the firemen to re
move the paper and rags at once.
Whether the stuff was deposited
through carelessness or vras the work
of a prospective incendiary no one has
teen able to ascertain.
Principal of Richmond School Finds
Kass Saturated With Coal Oil
Near Fence in Yard.
ATTEMPT MAY HAVE BEEN
MADE TO BURN BUILDING
¦WANTS FIRE-PROOF BCIXJJINGS. The I
Merchants' Associatlcn petitioned the Super- !
viscrs yesterday that action en a proposed or- j
dlaance permitting the use of steel-concrete '
construction ia buildings be postponed until It 1
had fcai tim* to investigate the matter. The j
petition states that the recent fire ia Ball- 1
more ar.d the predictions of a great conflagra- i
ticn in this city demand that every precaution
should be taken to promote the best flre-procf I
construction.
If you are going to attend the O. A. R. en
campment at Boston or World's Fair, wny act
bav* your tickets read on* way via tie North
era Pac'He Ry. and *top en rout* and visit th«
Yellowstone Park? For particulars aee T. K-
Stateler. General Ajert. N*. P. P.y.. e*7 Mar
ket st. S. F. •
Cheap Rates to Boston and St. Louis.
Justice of the Peace Daniels yester
day save judgment for B. II. Eisner,
who sued Miss Flora Lewis for the re
turn of an engagement ring after she
had declared the engagement off.
Danlel3 rules that Miss Lewis must
deliver the diamond ring to Eisner or
pay to him the sum of $105, its value.
together with J6 65 and the costs of
the action. Eisner had sued for other
gifts made to the defendant, but at
the trial It was proved that he had
never made a demand for them, and
he afterward waived his claims.
Jadse Daniels G ires Judgment for B.
31. Eisner In Suit Against 3fiss
Flora Lewis.
FAIR DEFENDANT 3rCST
RETURN ENGAGOfELNT REVG
Glovani Tiezzi. who pleaded gnilty
in Judge Dunne's court to a charge of
burglary, -was sentenced yesterday to
serve eighteen months in San Quentln.
The sentence was light owing to trie
fact that he had served fonr years in
the army and was honorably dis
charged.
Sentenced for Bnnrlary.
It doesn't cost much to co cut of town for
Sunday and the trip will do you good. The
Southern Pacific sells w»e{t-«:nd tickets at low
rites to nany points and offers a flr.e oppor
tunity to visit famous places. AsSc about Sat
urday to Sunday and Saturday to Monday ex
cursion tickets. Southern Pacific office. 613
Market street. -s'»-;
Santa Cruz or Some Other Place
of Interest.
Take a Trip to Del 3Ionte. Monterey,
XO MORE DULL SUNDAYS.
The United States express!? contended that a
patent Issued to a fictitious person is a. piece
of waste paper, which do«s not convey either
the ieya! or equitable title cut ot th* •'State."
aad trat. therefore, when such a title is ex
changed with tie United States for other lands
belonging to It the United States receives noth-
Iror. while th* party Raking the exchange re
c-hres the legal title to the exchanged lands.
The Utitsd States cannot recoTer these after
they have been transferred by the first rranteo
to a boca fide purchaser for value. The Su
preme Court cf th« United State* has expressly
decided this point in the case cf MoSat vs.
United States (112 U. 8.. 24. 31).
Consequently if the United States accepted
any of the fictitious titles of Hyde. Benson «t
al.. it would rot thereby arquir* the tiUe of
California to thos» particular school lands;
en tie contrary. >t Trould acquire nothing
whatever as a consideration for the patents
t«sue<i m exchange. Judge L*f-cra!>? certainly
ovcr!ock»4 U-ls ccntentlcn ca th« part of thfl
Government when he taid: "Manirestly the
entering into such a scheme woeld be a con
•rtracy to defraud tli» States of California, and
Oregon, but It is difficult tn understand upon
what theory tt can be held to be a conspiracy
ta rcn-.mit any offensa asalnst the United
States." /;
to the conspirators, and these applications
•«er« la c-.nr iastascei to b« supported by
t^lst. tnrtfinlnx cr fictitious affldavits. The
s-^faooi laciia thus obtained by fraud from taa
t«-o States w«re to be exclians^ti under the
--.,:--.-* ...¦•¦: for rubiic lanis cf. the United
ttatu lylr.z outside tie forest reserve*, th«
said conspirators. In the language of the in
dlctmtmt. ¦'Intendlax toerebj'. and by after
ward selling and dispestr* of suca public
: !a»3x and patent titles to the general puoii^.
: ta flefraui the said United States out cf the
possession and use of. and the title to. the
; potilc lands so ta be selected, obtained aad
: apc-roptiatcd in lieu of such school lands."
XO CRI3IE CODITTTEn).
Manifestly the enteri-j Jcto suca a scheme
WQuld be a conssiracy to defraud the States
of California and Oresor, but it ia d:f2cuJt to
understand u^oq what theory it can be held
t* b* a "ccusi'iracy to commit ac^' cJIenae
against the United States." • • • When
patented sviicol lands are calces by the Called I
Stares for ota*r ianda wjMch constitute a I
valuable consideration, the Government ac- I
Qtures a perfect title to such school lazds. It ]
was ccnccd-d en the arrs^ent aad en the I
brief that the title obtained by a patentee j
cannot be attacked collaterally for frauds '
practi-^d la obtainlnr It. Tte United States, i
therefor*, assumlna tHat the al!es»d con- '
spJracy were ccnsrumroaTed. would have ob
tained for tfc» State patentee of school lands
a i>er;ec! till- In excharje for its cwa -va
cast, sunrey#>-i and CGn-rnineral public lands
which are sutject to hom.estea<i eiitry." With
the inethoiis ty which tie patentee acquired
his title free the State it had no cenc-m; if
State laws were violated and the public laws
cf tile State fraudulently evaded it ovay be as
sumed that the State would puniah the of
fender. • • • All that th-e United States
wanted was a rood title. Where a claim was
enperfected It would be necessary to ascertain
what had been done to irak« it fruitful: where
a cattrnt had issued all such Inquiry would N»
unnecessary. The conspiracy charge, as was
said before, did cot centetr.r-late the offerinc
ia exchange for outside lands of any public
•chcol lancis except such as axe covered by pat
ect. • • •
Upon th» broadest construction which can
fce KiWn to the indictment It does not set fcrth
facts tendlns to show a conspiracy ta commit
a_ny cSTense arainst. or to fi»fraud, the United
State*, and the petitioner should, therefore, be
discharged. Should the District Attorney de
sire to take an arseal. the petitioner will be
required durinj its pendency to rive ball la
; the amount firtd when this proceeding was In
stituted.
HENEY CRITICIZES JUDGE.
Francis J. Heney, "who represented
I the Government as special counsel In
i the Hyde-Dimond hearing be'ore Com
missioner Heacock. said last evening
I that the case for the prosecution had
i not been fully presented to the court
: cr not clearly understood by It. Mr.
Heney continued:
Judge La^cmbe tears a very hith reputation
as a lawyer, and If his opinion correctly states
Use law it necessarily fellows that both Hyd?
and Dlmcnd must be dischar?»(J, and that no
one of tie parties Involved in the ccnsplracy
set forth is th* Indictment can b< punished.
Moreover, tney can continue with impunity to
bribe forest »urerviscr» and Inspectors said
can excharre with the United States for Ita
best homestead and timber lands still remain
ing vacant oatside cf forest reserves about
200,000 acres of school lands belocjrlng to tha
Staxe of California, for which application baa
already been made by them through dummies.
But & casual readinr of Judge Leoombe's
opinion discloses tf'e fact that it contains in
ternal evidence of a hasty and imoerfect ccn
aideratiOB cf the point* :nad« by the Govern
ment.
A!r>aJy rrj.=y pan>« *re planning ta spend
a. p?cU p»rt cf Aaiait at Hotel El Paso At-
RobJw. which will t» the social h(?ad<rJart*rs
for th« fc!|f army, camp ta b« ciaintalsed Au
r-s» 13-31. O\er five thousand men cf the
r-sular am:j- anji National Guard will b« en
camp*il tiere aad Incidentally a: th* hotel
there vill be a mfrry roucd of social functions.
The carao Is about ten miles awiy. but a
special train aad aTitorncblle «*rr!ce over oiled
country reads will make Camp Atas-adero
readily acrtMitle. Special railway ratet will
b» rcade frora Saa Francisco. Uc« Aej^les a-.<i
irternediate points with hotel aecomsaodatiens.
Fcr details apply IaTcrrnatlon Bureau, aouth
ers PaciSc *
Amy Society at Pjuo Kobles.
"These are real people." Everybody
who has seen Cucuel's pictures, now
on exhibition at Schu5sler Bros.' gal
lery, says that. The figures appear
to stand out from the bristol board,
and the groups are so natural that
they seem to move.
A grilmpse at the work takes one
far away tc* France or Germany. So
finely worked Is every detail that on*
almost h«?ars the nasal twang of the
lingua Franca or the gutturals of the
German 4 language. Uhlan ofiicers,
foreign Embassadors. gendarmes,
stout Teutonic women and slim
French girls seem Just about to leave
th» frames and step down to the car
pet of the exhibition room.
Edward Cucuel was at one time a
member of The Call art staff. For
seven year3 he has been studying in
Europe. A thorough cosmopolitan by
instinct, he flitted from city to city
through France, Germany and Switz
erland, stopping at will when attract
ed by siehts suited to his pencil and
brush.
He is a master draughtsman, quick
and sure In his work. Unfinished
sketches in the gallery show how
rapidly and simply he works. A few
pencil lines and then the brush wield
ed by a hand that "knows how,"
The sketch, "The Salon Poet." Is
a wonderful cartoon. It shows a
simpering poet in the midst of an ex
ceedingly bored assemblage. Only one
In the crowd is at all attracted by
the gush the poet disburses as he
twirls a daisy in his slender hands.
The role "kindred spirit" ia an at
tenuated woman poet, who stands In
the background with her hands clasp
ed adoringly. The expressions are
only too human. This work alone
would give the artist claim to fame.
The study "A Gendarme; Place de la
Republique. Paris," with a Cooks' tour
ist interrogating, is another bit from
real life. Cucuefv handles coior well.
He expects to leave soon for the Ori
ent, where he will draw war scenes.
In the case at bar the Merchants*
Bank of San Die^o lent the Esr?ondido
irrigriilon district 5330,000 and took
a trust deed to the witer rights of the
borrower. The property of the dis
trict v.as seized in default of the pay
ment of interest op. the loan and suit
was brought to quiet title. The di
rectors of the district argaed that the
Wright act was unco;astitutional and
both the lower court and the Supreme
Court acquiesce in that view. The
payment of; the loan may be secured
by assessments.
The court holds that th- measure
Is in violation of the Federal provi
sions granting that -n person shall
be • • deprived of •• • prop
erty without due process of law" and
directing that no State shall enact a
"Maw impairing the obligation cf con
tracts."
The Supreme Court handed doxrn a
decision yesterday declaring invalid
section 17 of what is known as the
V.'right act. Th!s law provides that
beards of directors of irrigation di.^
trict.s may borrow money for improve
ments ar.d give aa security mortgages
or trust d«eda on their water rights.
Thus a majority of the voters or the
district may place a lien on the prop
erty of every citizen in the jurisdic
tion.
. :; TOR rOKEST RESERVE ACTS.
•V.- \t the act cf Jnae *. 1<37 <30 Sut, 3*. SO,
. '«n;Jjt>iecec:al la act cf Harci 3. IS31. section 21
'¦<2*'£tat. tflBS): "That Ia ease* ia which a
f.'-traet es«cscd ty aa oaperfected ben* fide «*1j»i^
'. .cr* t-.y a f—'t i« lsrluded within the limit*
.-cf a p-^i.c f ;rest reservatlaa. the settler cr
.¦»»:t -t,--"-.' may reiia«*2l*h the tract to
-tr» VJcremmeEt and may select ta lieu taereof
: a tract of T»<-aat land open to settlement not
-jfxceediEtF ia area th« trac : ccrerea by his clalzi
: " ;l= *-le~act of Jua« «. 19O (31 Stat.. Clt):
That 'all selcztlcaa of land made la lies cf
' A trict* ccrered by aa caperf ected bosa. fide
<!:a'lai cr by a pateat. Included ta public forest
:'i*Btmt!km. am rnrrtded la the art of Jure 4.
..'>'•". «ha!l be ccsfiaei to vacast surveyed
i «'a r.o=-n:iaeral public lands which are sub
. ?"•* to hctaestea 1 ertrr act exewlias; la area
.•'"he trait covered ty such clain cr patent."
•. -Fcr reasons of putlis policy these two State*
¦c"'-»d their «-hooi lasds for sale with certaia
¦ statutory re»tnctla=*. Ealea were to be made
ocly to c;:iz»r» of the United State* or to per
tona •who tad declared tstentlca ta beocn
¦"dtfaeaa. aad cr.ly i^ca affidavit of the mj>
¦j-tlcaat thowiaj t!» tatestica to purcbai"! «uch -
¦\er.ta != rood faith a=d f^r his own benefit.
:*=d tha.t be had made no ecntract or agreement
•to sell th« sarre. • ¦ •'• Or.ce th« sale was
c-ao>?. hcw-e-Cer. ta a Jbcna fld« applicant and
.<lt!e to h*n perfected fcy the delivery ta him
cf a .£aie=t fcr the *.l -e the land so sold
¦>,*tiK» hi« to dispose cf aa fc* pleased, aad
¦ tV.er* Js EetMss; called to the attestiTS of
.-tna eoart In the l«cisiat!«w of these Stares
* fetch rrchifctta a rarchaser from buying such
' lands fretn an» resident patentees who ntichi
. ¦ ub«eQuest:y decide to **<]. • • •
. Th« carUcslar -false aal fraai3l«it prac
r '•" which Is charred aa the trifiaiea cf
l%hm etmsTiraer :- this: App'lcaticsa Cor prir
' !sa«* r were ' to b» a:ade ia the naaes c»
frtlttr-j* perBcrs. a=d th» rarM>s cf persona
• ron rsally de»!r!r;r and r.ct qua!12>d ta pur
<-h»». aad cf r-erscr.a wha had already acsfgned
In di*charsin« John A- Benson of
this city rrwm the Federal indictment
o ar.v:5ir:4; him. with Frederick A. Hyde.
H-riry p. Dlmonl and Joost H. Schnei
> r. of conspiring to defraud the Gov
ernment out cf public lands. Judge La
• ezn.be , ot the United States Circuit
Curt -in New York handed down a
lenjrthy opinion, in which he declared'
that the indictment found by the Su
j-ierAe Court of the District of Colum
•bia. failed to state facts constituting
a crin:« undrr national laws. Ccjies of
this) opinion <rere received in San Fran
cisco yesterday. They are being read
"with interest by the eminent attorneys
\* ho. tec!: part ;a the ;rr-a.t legal battle
b*fore Commissioner Hea.eo.ck that re
fjlted in the fcuidlng of Hyde and Di-
Tls* subELanc* of Judge L&combc*s
• r h:i r£j*** JJ" ™*rUr teM !a another r«
•" * c£iRX ender & <HTTf rent tndictni^tit
. «»a.^*t tba «*rc- {*titioa!T that, the in*uffl
¦ cf ::;» .n.iictaient wiU aot be i:v;u:r»l
: «ii h a pixireedln*. but is a questiea to
t« Jed Vi fcr tfc« ojart ia wblth ti»e iadict
'. mm?. i» ttmtid- AM technical object i^ce, all
ct^tiel#Trrs srtw»"ac out ol tfce artiSctal acd
t -virrstrain^i «>7cpu!oiiaia> of erisiinii
l«oc#Jar» ar« :t? I* !eft t» the court ia whew
Ssrto&SctiCB "he 53<:icta:<fit la four.4. if such
«n :ndi-"tS3<r'nt it»e!r ccatalrs a narrarion of
. - -v . :r j,.-;, viucfi tfs>l to Crtabuaa the ex
t»\ r...e Df ths cStniw: scujht tj be charsei
- i.>ttn»r. even open a- broad aad taarti
. aI ;c-i«.r l jct.ca of th« linruj* of tt»
*:- .- amt ;t .ioes 3«t apprar that acy cSmse
*C3:»»t the !m <sf the I.*e4t*d states has been
. - -:r*d th» prisoner si^M act b* bcU for
r--:va!.
The aim* with «hich the iaiiciaest pur
j..rt? to char** th* prt«oa<r fa tieSaed ia sec
¦ i*'\ U. S. Urv. StJtv.: "If two cr acre
p«t» u censpire either ta ccsisjit any cJr*"C»<
• *A.r.<t the Un.-ci itatM cr to e>;raad ti.e
I t:s.t«t Stale* in any miraer cr for any pur
?--»•. cr. one cr sacrrs of «uch parties do any
met to e^-ct tfte object cf the ccm-pfracy. ail
'¦-¦- ;«.-:."» tc ru.-!: ccssptracy stall fce liable to
m. resaity cf -lot siere than JIO.COQ. cr to irs
• rr.*oaEiest for lot more thaa two year*, cr t»
. : «-e a=d i=;r^oairest tn ta« l^ir«t:aa at
¦e are tairty cccsts la the lafilctsiest.
•act i-ctureraed with a. aepante transaction: it
«n.i b« aec?s»ary to consider a «:ng!« const
cr.'y. •« =ce all ar» substantially alike. The
; . - ha* tGOowwd t^? arrhaic fonrs c? ex
7.-e*».ou (_^rr.=ionly asei ia cucini^al practice —
¦ ¦ -v :-vclvtJ_ tactoloric*! aad verbo»3 — &
» -?:- sestcace rssa st^mtllat over several
rnsifd cajres without a. ptricd. The meastas
' caa be rfiscpver^l or.;y ty carefully rewritiny
•.-e »s:fco« — actuaily or meataily — so as to
• KSoAa it to the caacas of modem Ecsiiah.
"f.!;en thia ;« done it trill be round that the
facts Bpoo which the chars* o* ccaspiracjr :»
KertTcfcro the Usited States. bei=s at th»t
r=-.e the owner thereof, conveyed to tha States
"?f CaHIcrai*. ts.i Or«?sron respectirelr certaia
" sections c» public lasd — the srfcticcs bo con
*»y*d beiE« knew a sjp school land. These
¦ •rhoct lacil*. or some rortlcn cf thws. tl".« two
' £:att-s soM to Individual holiiera. Scbstjueritly
the CTniTww States C*cilel to establish forest
.•••••-^ 'a certaia localities la thewe States
:<?.r.l f'.sewfcere) aad under the authority cj
•f tar»te. rr.aps w-re (Dad dtsignatias the houa
<*r:es cf roch reserves. 'Within these bcun
c*.—* rf>:ivs land still teicn?:-jr to the
T"-.r-i Stares. th-r« would be ladaded school
!aiC# trsnEferrei to the States and etill fceld
"rr" their. aJeo echocl lazrds which the said
had cccTeyed to private ctraera by p*t
'«fct»- '.i".y rxe<ruted. ar^! a!*o srhocl lanil* «s to
whicS: «t«ps tad been txkea to secure patsats
Srota »^- Suit. As tt was ceatrabi; that all
.;«-• »;ihla forest reser%-es should be under
-C -• ;— — .»r.t cittrol. the statutes further cro
. .v;i*i :^jit TTslted States putUc lands located
< e-t*:2e :he i*r.:t» of the ris»rves slight be ex-
: ;rhi=*»<: fcr lands withia the same, with the
'¦ais»r-i c* the owner. P:e»urrnMy. since the
; " .•* cf aa l.icrea»e la ralue would be
.' treifrr'catsiie th&a ta. the cw-aers r^aeraHy
, rr . :-- t« expected to accept tha offer. Th*
¦ *^cticns' rroviJiTig for each aa exchaaxe are
Sketch of '-The Salon Poetr
Shows Frequent Social
Pest in His True Colors
Supreme Court Holds Law
Might Deprive People of
Property Without Return
.Government Counsel Heney
Avers Jurist Has Misun
derstood the Land Frauds
REMARKABLE CARTOON
PROTECTS THE OWNERS
TEXT OF THE OPINION I
Former Artist on Call Staff
Displays Wonderful* Work
at Schussler's Gallery
EseondMo Irrigation Dis
trict Wins an Important
Point in Regard to Loans
Among the merry group is one who
will soon become a bride herself — Miss
Edith Findley, who on August 20, will
wed George Gardiner.
About seventy guests witnessed the
ceremony, and attended the reception
that followed.
The honored guests who dined at the
bride's table were: Miss Carrie Merry.
Tom Van Ness. Mr. and Mrs. Ed
Schmiedell. Captain and Mrs. Harold
Coke. Dr. and Mrs. Garceau, Miss Ger
trude Hyde-Smith. Mr. Moffitt, Miss
Edith Findley, Herbert Martin, tliss
Constance Borrowe and Milton Lath
am. ?:•'•¥?
She was attended by Miss Carrie
Merry of New York, who wore a strik
ing gown of white lace over white chif
fon, the effect of which was borne out
by a beautiful white plumed hat.
Thomas C. Van Ness served as best
man.
Not a dozen blocks away, another
maid was plighting her love to the man
of her choopins— Miss Camiiio Martin,
she of the old Hyde family, whose his
tory is closely interwoven with the up
building of the city.
At the hour of three. Miss Martin be
came the bride of "William Palmer
Horn, Archbishop Montgomery offici
ating. The? service was performed at
the old family home on Geary street,
which, in the old days, was the scene
of many a smart affair. £•>•'.-?
The home was made glad with ferns
and yellow roses, Woodwardia. and
Banksia blossoms making a rare set
ting for the bride and her attendant.
Gowned in white crepe de Paris, with
a rare lace bertha and flounce, and en
veloped in a mass of filmy tulle. Miss
Martin— always pretty— was exquisite
in her bridal array.
The destination of the young Sutros
is said to be the Eastern cities— New
York and Washington, particularly; a
short visit across the line, and a trip
over the Great Lakes.
The young people will be located at
2503 Broadway on their return.
Among the interesting guests at the
wedding were the brother and newly
acquired sister of the bride— Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph O'Sullivan, who hava but
recently arrived from Paris.
Whispers come from over the waters
that this young chap Is pressing close
upon the honors of his famous brother,
Denis, the sweet singer.
The ceremony was read by Arch
bishop Montgomery, at the home of
Archbishop Riordan, only the relatives
of the happy pair witnessing the. im
pressive service. Mr. Sutro was at
tended by his brother, Alfred Sutro.
The bride, a stunning young woman,
was simply gowned in pale gray, wear
ing a large white hat. She was attend
ed by her sister, Miss Nellie O'SuIUvan,
as maid of honor, smartly gowned in
white, and wearing a white hat.
Many of the old families — old as fam
ilies go in California— made merry yes
terday afternoon, even a3 in the old
days, for wedding bells were chiming
for their happy kinsfolk.
Yesterday, at noon. Miss Ellen O'Sul
llvan, younsrest daughter of the late
banker, C. D. O'SuIlivan, became the
bride of Oscar Sutro. .*
By Sally Sharp.
£stabIHh a Conspiracy I
Benson Lacunibe;
Say? indictment Fails toi
CUCUEL DRAWS
REAL PEOPLE
JUDGE SCORES
FEDERAL CASE
WEDDING BELLS
RING FOR TWO
BONNY BRIDES
WRIGHT ACT
IS NOT VALID
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, 1904.
9
' * T\-ELL SPOKEN.
'.¦¦":; 'A Chat About Food. ,
' .'."Ep?a.kic^ of food," saya a Chicago!
• T.oxa.-., "I am Cl yean of age and was >
i. en Ir.vaii.'l more than fourteen years.
. * ""Was f.ve years In the Presbyterian i
Hospital on diet most of the time. Had ;
¦.••aa cperation for a dilated stomach, a;
.. -very. serious operation performed by a
'. famous r-hysician.
;_£, "After the operation, cf cours? ths !
•" doctors ordered Grape-Nuts as th? I
:• most nourishing: foo«i and easiest of i
;...eHsrestioti. That's hntr I kno-w the i
: -* sTton^ch wiU digest Grape-Nuts when i
/ it -trill absolutely refuse al! other klnd3 •
of Jood.* It has also dose wonders for i
zr>e to brighten up and strengthen my '
, -.rerves and rnade me feel a desire to j
¦.. live, for I can enjoy life. What seems !
.•"bo stranye to me is that I have never j
• tired of this food eir.ee. but like it bet-
."ter all the time. I fisd It especially
• good In any kind cf soup or brctb.
"I have a sister trho is an invalid '
. # f roin Indigestion and she has been j
! prsatJy benefited by Grape-Nuts, which
she eats three times a day, and a boar!
cf milk and Grape-Nuts Just before
trolns to bed, Sn fact she lives on this
focd. and- 1 also have ttro nieces who j
•used to be troubled with fndlgrestion i
but used Grape-Nuts with Brand re- !
eults. and so I eonld go on and name i
irany others who have been helped fn •
th* same way." Name civen by Pos- •
turn Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Grape-Nuts food l<« xzsed by hospitals I
«=d physicians very largely, for no food '
known is bo easy and perfect for com-
plete dfffestfon, while at the same tima
lr Is a concentrated form of nonrish-
irest of the hich-st grade and the
¦rtrmarh will handle It when everything
«iEe Is refused.
KTfeere's a reason." !
Get the little boot. •'The Road to
[STellviHe," ia each pkg. . . »
A3IUSE3IEXTS.
UlaUHrilSaA msivi thsis
LAST 3 SIGHTS — atATTHTEE SAT.
CHARLES FROHMAX Presents
HENRY MILLER
Ia Madeleine Lccette Ryley'a Daiaty Comedy,
MICE AND MEN
SSr* M O N D A Y £%25L
Henry Milier
And aa Augmented Ccrr.pariy
In Henry Arthur #sf^ fC> E7 JT^I /
Janes* Muterplec*. %J XmJ C i MM
...ENTANGLED
Direct from th* Haymarket Theater. London.
SEATS NOW SELLINC
I iVv/L.1 house.
A ?r L i R II £»«-¦
VICTflOV Comedy .
VIC1UKY - || seaiatiea
THE •
Toreador
By Ivan Caryll and LJc.-.-l Monctoa.
WITH AN TJKRIVALEJ3 CAST.
SEATS SOW REACT.
Canal Tlvcll Prices— C3c. 600, 73a
OXLY MATTXEE SATURDAT. '-;':1
ALCAZAR'-H^'"
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— All* WEEK.
MATEJEES TO-DAT AND SATURDAT.
Err;., 25c to 73c Mats. Thsra. & Sat., 25c to SOq.
WHITE | And tta Alcazar Stack Ca. j
WHITTLESEY
c " >;.'-¦ Ia a Special Production of
THE LADY i«~wu.-.
OF LYONS I »^P-
MR. ¦WHITTLESET as CT.AXTD3.
Monday, Aug. 8 — MR. TVHITTLESET la
coxeot onfinii/nii or bath
CENTRALS
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phca* South 333
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI3 "WEEIT,
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Ma««lv- Presentation of Kirk La Shell«'s Big-
gest Success In Years, tha Scenic Sensation.
I ...SERGEANT JAMES... I
Romance cf An EnUsted Man.
The Army Post — Th« Cavalry Cinip.
Cydoraaile Views of ¦Western "Wilds.
Powerful CliiaaxM! Breezy Comedy!
Special Engagement This 'Wees; ot the Chara-
lsg Actress,
* JULIST CB0SBT . -
nnirre Evenings tOo to BOc
rttltCO Matinees... 10c. 15c. 23c
Next— A BUNCH OT KET3.
HisSt-Clasa Specialties Every Afteraoon
aad Evenlay is the Taeater.
TO-VXGST
GAI^A AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding "With
JTEW IJA^XG PICTURES.
Take a Ride on the MINIATCRE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
THXEEBABT XaOVS TS TKB BOO.
ADMISSION ...10c I CHILDREN Se
; . When Phoning Ask for The Chutes.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL.
San Francisco vs. Oakland
AT RECREATION PARK.
. .Eighth and Harrison StrMts.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY..
3:30 P. il.
SATURDAY.... • .-3 £. M.
SUNDAY...* 2^0 P. M.
(Ladles Free " Thursday and Friday.)
Advance • Sal* of SeaU at 5 Etocktos Street.
ygW^ ADYTTOTIaDrENTS.
<JOIN&1 GOING*!. GONE !!!
tnncK tu un a. eonsoe wu un it. tco urs f sa idncisE.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The OftjaiNAL remedy that "kills the Dandruff Oenn "
TheRabbit«ndtheGmftca-Pis^ &ft1^J*i^£SZF!2X«
Prcf. Unoa. the world's greatest Oerraatologist them with vaseline rutted the same upon a rulnea
(Mik your doctor about hioj wu the first ta- dis- pis; «s4 the pig- becaae bali. Newbro's Herpl-
Cover the microbk an4 conlatfocs Mtura of true clde is the original dandruff jenn destroyer. It
dandra* His discovery was verified by Dr. 'kills the zilcroblc gro*tii and p^raiu t. h .« ftalr to
b*C>ourind, ofPsns. who isr.uied a rttblt with grow as nature intended. A wonderful hair saver,
human dandruff flakes. A^o by Lassarand Bishop A detlrhtful dressing. Stops itching Instantly.
Bras torn. $1X0. Uai ICc, sraa;*, t» HEBPICIOE CQ^ Oept a. G-troit. Uidu (or a usjie.
APPT.ICATIO3TS AT PSOMrgTEST BAHBEB SHOPS.
St. Louis Exposition
Union-Southern Pacific.
Round Trip $67.50.
Through cars. .
Selling dates :
August 8, g, 10, 18, xg.v
September 5, 6, 7, 8, 19, .20, 28, 29.
October 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 36, 27.
Let me reserve your berth Now.
S. T. BOOTS, On. Asrt.. TT. P. R. B.
1 Stontaroaery St.
Ye Olde Ensilsh Inn.
144 Mason st Just one trial at Baba &.
Jules'. That's alL ¦.-'. •. -y;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
COXDITIOX AXD AFFAIRS
—OT THS—
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
f\T HARTFORD. DJ THS STATE O?
\ vrcoss*c!!eut. cn tire Sl« day or D-»-
ceraber. A. D. lacs. a=4 far t5» yt*r roiisM
cn that day. ir*5e 10 th« Isatrraaca Cot=ns:»-
sioaer of the St*t<? « Calirorala. pursuant t-»
tli* rcquireic^nts ci s-KrtJcn «13 at tba Poiltlcai
Ccda c: said Stat*:
ASSETS.
N«t rUn* cf Real Eitxre Owsed
A^ T **? 3 ? «11.231.510»
AJaoust of Lcar.s secured by Bcni
JlZ™ ort «*^ «» r - eal Estate.. ;*.«3.C3:i
Aisoant of Lca.-.t *»irar»d by
ple^ew jf Eocdi. Stocks aad
ether crarfceta!:!« securities) as
couaterai 30.CC0 3O
>. PnffiJ-jn notes ar.d Ioaas In «ay
; tora taken ti pa7a*n: of pr*.
mtairj ca Fclicte* cow ia force. ZT7 221*1
Cash market valua of all Stocks
and Boni3 own<»d by taa com-
Amovtv. * 'oV " Cash * 'iizdiize'i ' ' ii 2 * >333 ' 833 T5
Baakj 6C&.92SO
laterest flue the Co=caay aa,« <ia-
pi'.l ........................ lffT ( ?63 <|
Inter-tst accrued but net <£:«... I !I 7o'"i3 T>
Net amoaat of premfus:* is pro- " "
cess of collection, and of deferred
prcmusia ••• tri ••
Reat* <!ue aad accraad Ill 13.'li3 53
Totala Asset* *<!4.K2.«* Ti,
LiABnjnrs. ~~ — - —
Clalais fcr death losses aad ma-
tured endow^neatj, due and ua-
2^ 1 J3.332 n
Claims for death lesse* aad ma-
tured endowrceats la crocna cf
adjustment, or ai^isted but not
tfoe ~^rj ««.t <v»
CUiirs resisted by the Ccrnpaaj!. IM'334 d>
UabiUty cn U. = s*d oclicUs which "*'*** ""
mar b« «tirren<ler«d 13S 1ST OQ
Met cr«3«:t ralu* of all th^ trot-
standicx policies, coinpured ac-
rorllns; to th<» Corabtned Experi-
ence Tables cf Mortality with 4
per ceat interest ;... 57 yj» *. 3
AKoust of ail uaaald dlYlieaij ta '
A *° u % ft ? l ?*r a ., ; 1.XTC.K30S
AU other LlabUitlea 337.1HXI
Total UahUIUaa »gX30C.m3
INCOM3L ~ : ' :
Cash re;«lT«<l fsr cretalaaia ea
new policies daris* the jtar.... I333.m^j
Cash r»ceiT*d for renewal cf Era>
miuaj duiinx th» year 4.922,1^? rr?
Casa receired far Jat#r»»t. ........ l,402:iiSd
Cash received for reat». .......... 531 lio *J
Cash rec*lred f roa ail ether ' "
¦ cttrc «« ia.eaaot
Total tacc=j« W.M2.TTI r>
EXPEND! I'LUiLS. ~~ '
Cash catd fcr loaa»s aad ssatared
er.dcwTn«tts K«9<» (TTS •»
Cash caid to aarmitaats It. 203 37
Caih paid for sarrentler-d policies. 5T3!t33 J-i
Cash raM far dividends to policy
bolders L23O.S114*
Crr=rr.:«s!..r.s paid to agtnta 33S> 220 $k
Salaries ard other ootnp^aaatlca of
officers aad ein;:Ioy<»3. «TC«5t
agents and medical examiners. . 1SC.383 5.1
Salaries aad trarelia; ex?eases of
naaagers of a»encl»s I3.I0O0O
Medical examiners' fe*s aad sal-
aries "2. 1ST 40
Ca«5 p*ii for taxea 422. «43 *s
Ca.«h paid fcr rest* 43.003 T>
All other cash payTcests (sped-
frt=S> 019.9TSO
Total Exr«n<!ltur«* - dsrlaa:
tH»7**r S3. 433 72
PREirrCM-NOTE ACCOVZiT.
Prttniuas notes aad other prerafast
obiiKatloss at b»zlsnins of th*
»""• V*-V *541.SM7i
Pr-niiuai nctss aad oth*r pr-astna
obl!«atlCBS received durtsi th«
Tfir 3433*
Total ._ C431 430 X«
Deductions dorts* th* year aa fsUavs:
Aairt29t af notea and other pr*-
mJcax eblizatlons osed tn pay-
m<!Ct of losses aad clainxa.... I1S.M3 JO
Asouat cf notes aad ether pr»-
irtam cbllratlcns used ta pur-
ccaj« cf •urr>adei«d p<3:icin. . 1008 CO
Amount of notes aad other «r«-
Btuai obligations us«d la p*y-
rr-.rr.t oZ dlvldenda ta policr
holders .... • CT20 SI
Ameunt cf notes and ether prv-
rru*jm obUratlans voided by
tapa« of poUcies tia 00
Amount cf notes aad other prt-
mlom ebit^atloaj ndecaed by
maker la cash 9.3X731
Total rednctimi of Preasiua-
Nota Aecotmt <«4.9OI U
Balaica. net* asset* at cad of th*
T«ar _X3—.azi 21
JACOB L. GRSENE. President.
HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary,
ftxbscrlbed and sworn ta tefsr* m«. this ltts
NATHAN F. PECX. Xctary PuSCi
A. K. P. HARMON.
District Superintendent of Ajencles.
Rooms 330-331-332 Mi/ft BwHtof,
Jam Frmaclsco, CaJ,
j PRAGEJIS [ PR.\G1^.IS-
I Something Doing To-Day
I On Every Purchase of $1.00 or More There Will Be
I "Something Doing" to the Amount, of $ L00, Free*
I Women's Skirts and Pretty* Well- Clean-Up Of Newest*
1 Fitting Jackets |v p j
I qp HIS is an offering you cannot well afford . Ure55 00005
21 1 to miss. The saving possibilities are so T™7 ER\ yard of goods offered in this sale
\M great. J^ was bought for this season. Every piece
I C*f 7~C * nf 4 Of HE Something nsw and 1- f absolutely new, and the bargains are
J .{[I 311 [I M.Hn *tyHsh in Denim and therefore unusually desirable. ;
| VII I U UUU WIIUU C(?vert Skirts . gQod f?u SILKS f
3 sizes; buttoned on the side with buckle and strap in- ¦ ¦ .,, ;-~u c;fl- rv—^ m,:«« T«
I side of belt; come in tan, blue, gray and Oxfords. k fe ft — f4-mch Silk Crepe ds Chme tn
3 The regular values $3.00 to $3.50. "1 *| I" colors cream and black. Regu-
; m JACKETS." W U U larly worth 85c the yard.
1 S4.95 to $5.95 SS^S W"M 0 0 n » L T ng snks i 9 "? ches r ds in
I UTiUU IU VUUU stylish covert Jackets in /HP black, cream and colors. A great
a black and tan; some close fitting backs; others half 4L, jjj \J special at this price. The regular
; If fitting and some loose backs; all beautifully tail- value *5C a vard
U ored and strapped; some with collars and some with- m Tp.™ v ' ft J. 1
B out collars; the latest style sleeves, sateen and satin tm , .Y OLL . . . .
H lined. Regularly sold at $10.00 and $12.50 each. ftll- — clack voile 42 inches wide; firm
i a v jpZZ ~~ hMP weave and small mesh ; a very
I t, 1 «t « t. j ?r n r D .t UdU rich black. Regularly worth $1.00
I |r. Bolt— "Juno" Brand Velvet Ribbon, one qnar- T<-^ : "-Y~ a var( j J \
I 1 3 R ter inch wide « "^^ a soft satin finished back; Vl f,, " ___ _-_.__ %T^,
I IUU black only. These are the 10-yard bolts that ' NOVELTY SUITING.
I are regularly sold at 45c a bolt, and just the thing for "J C #% — 3S-mch Novelty Suiting in Ciix-
1 trimming stock collar foundations. < HP tures of gray, bhie and tan. The
h 0n n Yard .— Fl 7 e - incI ? Silk Corded Ribbon; colors UUU regular value 60c a vard.
E JjC run m aItcrnatIQ !? stripes, running vertical; W W W s vaiucuucayaro.
i ** w "pretty shades of white, red and green, purple, SOFA CUSHIONS
1 whit t a o nd T l d ' and S«en. white and black. Regularly - -^ —We are making a special offering in
I worth 8 3 c the yard. Special at this.pnce. ft U f\ niccI y made fibred Cretonne Sfofa
H Cn Yard — Sof ? Silk Ribbon, 454 inches wide; three (in Cushions; all pretty colorings and
8 OC CO f ded str u ! P es ' fi " IS Jf d oa cd^ cs ™ th sa 51 e ' TUU finished with a 4-inch double raffle
B y colors: white, red, blue, green and tan. The and filled with best Quality of silk
a regular value 33c a yard. flos9 p ni OT7 . i» would cost you double the inocat
fi TURNOVER COLLARS. that we are charging for the pillow to buy the t=a-
S "|7 ft Each — Etamine Turnover Collars, with cuffs to terial alone, but as we have too many of these on
P I / C rnatc^» embroidered in Persian and oriental de- hand we are going to close some of them out at this
W ' u signs. Regularly worth 50c each. very special price. j
» EMBROIDERIES. . f ¦ *.^Zl
H 9c j-ard — Embroidery fmt*Y0%_ • MUSLIN BARGAIN.
edgings and insertions •> H
—edgings from 3 to_ 6 £| M <t> sfcf ift 7 0 ! f\ '^ — "***" s s a |1
20c the yard. : ( 1 1 ]* k^^ \ a^ is sold every- ll
' 254c yard — Embroider- — - where at ioc a vard H
ed fancy edge inser- ST ALWAYS RELIABLE We are offerii-^ at I
\ tion from 4 to I inch ffl ,«~ rt .^-^m.-* t^t-t-i- .r ' Ottering u at H
wide. Worth regular- ** 1238' 1250 MARKET ST. £t* th ! s special price for |
larly 8c and roc yard. * this day only. ,J
AMUSEMENTS.
ANOTHER TREMENDOUS HIT.
Edlsaes all farmer Prodactloas,
"The Whirl of the Town"
Gigaotic, Spectacular Barleaqae.
Three Acts filled *rita New Eocga. Specialties.
Novelti««-
Iceoaiparahl* east: DOROTHY MORTON.
NORA BATES. FLOSSIE HOPE. RICH AND
CADY. BOBBY NORTH EDWIN CLARK.
BEN DILLON^ LIONEL LAWRENCE.
PRIZE CHORUS OF FOETT.
Night. 25c. SOc aad TSe. Sat. aad Boa. Mat-
laees. 23c azd 50c Chlldrea at MaUaeea. 10c
aad 25c.
—CALIFORNIA.—
f TO-NIGHT a=d Balaac* of "Week
1 j I Elmer Walters Co. I |
El 1(}p Preaeatias; the Ecari=r IJJp
H lull Coiaedy-Melfl^raraa. |Jl
I z ATlioroiiEllirBi r
II Ml |
jl K()p Xext Saaday Mat!ne«— Klip
If «UU .. A MTLLIONAIRS 0»w
B I | TRAMP." I I
B [ COMING— FLORENCE ROBERTS, f
4— BIG NEW ACTS— 4
OUt* May aad J. W. AXfeasgli Jr.; Kc-
Cabe, Sasins aad Vera; L«« Olopas;
Hoxaes Moslcal Trio; Xnxpixe Comedy
roux. aad Orphsnxza Motloa Pletnrvs.
XMMt Times of de Beckex-Xasso-Abram-
off Grand Operatic Trio; Karens aad
OarteUe. aad
CHARMION.
Rsgular Matlaee Every "Wednesdar. Thurs-
fiay, Sattirtlay aad Suaday. Prices — lCc. 23c
aad SOa.
I GRAND 858SI
I UST THREE IISHTS— HIT. SiMOAT.J
\ JAMES HEILL /
SHENANDOAH
y^ FIRST TIME AT X S V
| I5c 25c 50c |
| U A PAJBUSIAg aOXAJrCE.^ I
Do1o r p DOIM'J FAIL TO
i COURT Lounging
2 Tl fl room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
C~~~A PALM ROOM, the
iirnnd louis xv par.
uiuiiu LOR and the LA^
II A^/v1^ DIES ' WRITING
Hotels room -
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOKATIVE. LXVIGORA-
tor aad Nerviae.
Th« most wonderful aphrodlslaa aad Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
Tae Mexican Remedy for DUe&ses of ta*
Kidneys acd Bladder. Sens on Ita own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Ageata.
«23 Market at.. S. F— <Sead for Circulars.)
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KKABJIT ST. EstaaEshed
lit 1994 for tae treatment nt rrtrate
DtAe&aes. Lout MsnboocL DeMUtyor
dbwas* nreartr.ffnn bodr and mind aad
Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctor ccr^t when
others fall. Try hiai. Charges low.
Cur** ta«rs»B»*«'sl. Call or write.
Or. JT. r. «IBBOX, baa Fxaadsco, C*i10
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, 1904.
H. C. DECKER, 006 MARKET.
28 YEARS SELLING HOUSES
IN THIS CTTT.
SEE MY BARGAINS. :¦:'' ' — '
15-room house, only $400 cash $1100
Flat, S rooms, worth $300 150
20 rooms, on Fourth st 800
46 rooms, flne corner 320<J
60 rooms, clears $350 6000
16 rooms; flne corner; transient- «00
11 rooms ; flne buy TOO
15 rooms; transient "00
26 rooms; beautiful corner 2700
60 ROOMS: LIQUOR LICENSE ..•• 7000
17-ROOM HOUSE.
FINE LOCATION.
MUST SELL— OFFER WANTED.
I HAVE HOUSES. LARGE AND SMALL.
THIRTY rcows, nicely furnished, lease. .$8500
2<i rooms, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 room*, low rent, country transient. "6000
31 room3. rsnt only $G5 BOO
40 rooms, rent $70. transient 1600
M rooms, rent $°i per room 3400
Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanced.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MITCHELL & CO.. •
1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 29S1.
Rooming-houses, hotels and flats; will sell j
any house; part cash; balance easy payments.
45-r. transient; lease; rent $205; clears $175.
II r. : rent 55: downtown: for $450.
4 4 r. : r(^U $240; mo<Iern apartments: Al.
105-r. apartment: rent ?5 room; full.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSE. 42 rooms, for asle; mod-
ern: gas and electric lights, steam heat. etc. .
Address box 2226, Call office.
TAYLOR, 318—12 nicely furnished rooms and
bath: reasonable offer accepted.
SFZSXTUAJJZSM.^
MME. YOUNG'S tfeBt circle to-night. 10c, 619
McAllister St.; private readings dally, 1720
Sacramento Bt. '
DEAD-TRANCE medium; names, business,
mining; circles Tuesdays, Thursdays, Satur-
days, 8 p. m. 325 Ellis st., front parlor.
EARLE'S grand slate and te»t seance to-night.
1052 Ellla St.; 25c.
MRS. EBERHAIIDTS opening meeting to-
night, 10c. 2G7 San Jose ave., bet 24th-25th.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
5 o'clock, $1. 1084 Eush st.
MME. FLORENCE, card reader and palmist;
prices reasonable; hours 10-0. 713 California.
Mrs.E.M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
Ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel.Church 204"5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
,llfe reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
CSAIRVO-gAIT TS. ;
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
PalmlBt Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
1 self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power In your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. ; closed Sunday. 32tt O'Farrell st., 326.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would It not b» relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then' for reliable reading go to Livingstone,
428 Eddy St.: three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. 8 p. m.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal teer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bua. and financial success; names;
L.. BOc; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress, -The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours— 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist,' clairvoyant.card
reader: when others fall try me;good readings
J3 25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.O.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; names clven; 25c up. 8 Ellis st.
MME. BERNARD, 17 3d Bt., next Examiner,
gone on vacation; watch paper for return.
MME. ODELL returned; clalr.. card reader;
tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts: readJngs daily. 917 Market, room 10.
MRS. 13AUMANN,' the well-known fortune-
teller, in now at 317 Ellis st.
CABPZT BEA^ESrOJ^^C^EAJCTinO^
COMPREKSED -Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 303 Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. ; - :
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74. .-
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. . 4Jlssion 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Boating Works,
303 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CZ.QTHI2TP BENOyATIITO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st.. room 14:
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
2 COTTAGES rOB SALE.
FOR sale — Cottage, 6 rooms and bath. Inquire
nt SS Cumberland st. .
BADtenants ejected for $4 : : collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; : tel. Main B580.
J ; _ PEWTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c:
plates. $5) full set; all work painless, and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM • HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge -for extracting when plates ¦ are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per net; extracting 50c; gas given. .,
DR.' KNOX; 'dentist now located at the Grant
• building, 1C95 Market St.. room 203; all flrst-
class dentistry at low prices. •
GOLD fillings. 75c": silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
PARI3 Dental- Parlors; 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
1 Set teetlv$l 50 up; crowns, $2 up; flllings,25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.Ist
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market.' cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins, Mgr.,9G9 Misslon.cor. 6ta.
FX*ATS TO 7.ST.
AAA^HOUSE~r.KNTI .V. DEPA P.TMENT?""
.t All dtsirabie vacant houses «ad ilati are !!«t.
e<j in our free rtrittr.g d»partm«"nt: over 10t;o
in numbi-r; a combined list tram all aspnetes;
let us give ycu a list tad help you to find %
a place: we n«-vpr tail; service free.
STERLING KiriNITURK «'O..
'V*::t MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES anil flats tr> M: an Immense list:
sprvlc* ab!°iMu!c!y fr«e; take advantaR« of
thi* rt<»partruT!t : it will *r.v» you tlm* and
trouble. Cord's Furniture Co.. 213-23)
Geary st.. on the square.
NEW Colonial flats. Franklin «t.. between
VaKeJo and Green: marine view; sun and
light In every rocm: artistic finish; very
reasonable rents. Particulars from HAR.
SHALL. 12 Kearny St.: phona Red 2J31.
HOWARD, 29tS — 6 r. and b. ; every room sun-
ny; rent reduced $2o; no children; carpeta
for sale.
CASTRO. 421. near 17th— Sunny belt; modern
upper French sunny 11 moms; balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 families; $;0; stable.
NOE. 1050— Beautiful new flat; sunay corner;
5 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
convenient to Castro and 24th-st. cars.
GREEN. 21.12. near Webster— New modern c^.
per lO-room flat; unobstructible marine rl*w;
tent $75; convenient to all car line*-
HAIGHT. 712. near Pierce— New. ntrell T *M
S room flats: marble vestibule*, etc; nearlr
completed; owner en premises.
LALT.EL ave., 221. off Van N>s* av«nue, b<»-
tw»*n Turk and Eddy streets — Four room»
end bath.
NEW r, and 7 room flats, elegantly finished}
one block n^rth cf Market. 157 to 163 No*
it., near Fifteenth.
$27 50— C-ROOM sunr.y flat: 4 additional attla
rooms; gas. mantels, latest plumbing: 15
minufa Call bldg. 1433 Broderlck. nr. Poet.
FLAT of 5 room*; bath; gas; no children. 443
Minna st. ..... ..
NEW fiats: 5 rooms; reception hill: artistically
decorated; $22 50. B «t. and 4th av.. nr.Park.
$12—4 FUNNY rooms. 135 Ivy ave., neap
Van Ness ave. «nd Haves !>t.
$18 — 531 GROVE St.: upper flat: 4 large rooms |
between Laguna and Octavia »ti.
BUSH. 1417.~between Polk st. and Vaa N«M
ave. — 6 rooms, bath. yard, basement.
TWENTY-NINTH. 221— Nicely furnished fl*t^ ¦ '
5 rooms and bath: coal and gas stove.
SCOTT. 24R — Upper flat. 6 sunny modern
rooms and bath; r»nt $27 50.
CHESTNUT. 8*4, near Leavenwcrth — 2 elegaat
new flats, 6 and 7 rooms; grand marine view.
DIAMOND, 120— Mcd?rn lower flat; ft rooms
and bnth: rent $17 50.
FILLMORE. 1120— Mcdem 7 rooms; all large-
and light; corner; rent $40.
FREDERICK. 3K5. near Cole— Upper flat. T
rooms and bath; $28 50.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
en LYON & HOAQ. 118 Montgomery st.
NEARLY new upper flat, 4 rooms aad bath.
336Vi Tehama St.
PACIFIC ave., 2405. near Fillmore — Lower
flat, 6 rooms; sun in every room; gardea.
I F1*ATS^ TO JC.ET— ITTaKISHIH^^
HAIGHT. 1239. Euena Vista, cor. CentrafaVa^
— Elegantly furnished fiats; also unfurnished;
house has all conveniences and is situated In
select neighborhood.
r .^' r S^g0S < SAM— TTOHiarggP.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and b&ta tar
sale; rant of flat $23. Box 1033. Call ojace.
FOR eale — Furnished flat of a rooms; all n»«|
rent $27 CO. Box 2233. Call offlce.
PKTAirClA^^
BOND3 placed at low interest: electrfo rail-
roads financed. JAS. E. GORDON, Wit
Crossley building. •"*- .
WAHTZP— -TEatAIiB.
COOK, hotel, country, far* here- $20
Cook, small boariing-house. city <30
Cook, no washing, city ......$30
Housework, little washing, city $35
Seamstress, private family ............$25
Nurse. 2 children, city $30
Man and wife, see party hero to-day i.'ii)
Cook for 8 men $30
3 second girls, city, $20. $23; Burllng*m«..$30
¦Waitress, country hotel, fare paid $23
Chambermaid and waiting, city. $22 50; coun-
try $23
Woman with a child $13
2 nursegirls. some second worlc ......$20. $2.1
Short order cook $33
English nurse $23
Young woman for shorthand for restaurant.
44 girls for general housework in city. Oak-
land, San Rafael, Mlllbrme, Berkeley and all
near by towns at $20. $23. $3O. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A YOUNG woman to work In the tinea room
of an Institution, short distance tn country,
$23. board and room, references necessary;
also a your.-,' woman to assist the- matroa ia
the same olace, $25, board and room, se«
party in town, references necessary. MIS3
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter at., ne^pffowtll.
A SHAMPOOER for city. $33 a monta; a, cook
and second girl for small family ia 8aa
Rafael. $30 and $23. see lady her«; a good
laundress by the day, 4 days a week; a first-
class cook. private family. $50. MI33
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powall.
LADY stenographer and office assistant. $40.
Lafly clerk, stationery. $47.
Stock clerk, wholesale millinery $7 to $3 39.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' R£CORI> CO.,
5C9 Hearst building.
A NURSE. San Mateo. $30; nurse, city. $23;
laundress. $30; cook, $U3; second girl. $30;
'2 second girls, $23: housekeeper, oaa lady.
$20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
A — WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresstag.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to a
in 2 weeks: tuition $3 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; position*
guaranteed at £U> per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary st.. room 11
¦^ 1
A — GIRLS to learn millinery, now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to flalsa
In one month for $15; positions 'as trimmer*,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 11:; Stockton st.. r. 13.
— — — — ¦¦
Hairdressins. manicuring, massage, seal? treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $3 2
wks.: day. eve. class; positions secured: highest
wages. Removed from 12:50 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenins and spare time and return
to us» no mailing or canvassinjr; $9 weekly
earned; material free. Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. GUARANTEE CO.,
W 4, Ninth st., Philadelphia, Pa.
LADIES for a canvassing proposition; no ex-
perience necessary; srlendld returns guaxaa-
t?ed. Bo= 3CU3, Call oiflce.
WANTED — Girl for second work, assist with
washing and ironing ;,ea2! between 11 and 13.
1117 Post st.; car fare.
GIRL for housework; $20 to $23. 51 Cambef>-
land st.. between Nineteenth and Twentieth,
Guerrero and Dolores.
COMPETENT child's nurse; references Call
northwest ccrner Forty-seventh st. and Saa
Pablo ave.. Oakland, this morning.
YOUXO Ctrl to assist lizht housework: S la
family; references. 1973 O'Farrell st
I* COMPETENT tlrl for cooking and house-
work; no washing. 1234 Geary, near Goush.
f WANTED — Girl to assist in light housework.
I Apply 1IS3 Valencia st.
A YOUNG girl for general housework and
plain cooking. Apply 2224 Clay st. J
REFINED, cultured woman by wholesale ffrrni
Box CC45. Call offlce.
WANTED— Woman, light cocking for delica-
tesssn; experienced salad maker. 3037. Call.
WOMAN to assist with hottsework; small fam-
ily; r.o children; good home; $15. 614 Eddy.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework. 1113
DevlsaiJcro st.
WANTED — M!ddle-ased German woman house-
keeper; very small family; good home; pUln
cooking. Northwest corner Fifth and Town-
send sts.
GIRL ta mind 2 children and assist with
housework; no cooking; near Redwood City;.
state wages. Box 2CW. Call.
WANTED— A girl for~general housework anJ
cookins. ADDly b«t. 10 and 12. 2221 P»-
ciflc ave.
YOUNG woman to, assist in housework; 3 la
family; good home; plain cooking; $13. 251
Scott st.-
WANTED— A .girl to mind 5-year-old clsllJ
from 0 to 5 dally; wages $10. Apply *21
Larkin st., room *» .
DZLJESSSXAKEBS AND SEAHSa'EISSES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class.1010 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Etew-
art's button &. buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
I EPPCATIOyAZu
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
st., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager Ayret
Businesa College for 14 years, has returned to
take active . management. Combined course,
$5 a month; life scholarship, $50. Day.
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market at.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
nchool for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs.. President Jordan or any Stanford
._ professor: day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
mor« performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 4.14 Mason.
HINMAN'S School of Dancing. 1412 Polk st~
bet. Pine and California, and branch school,
cor. Howard and 21st— Adult classes are now
open; children's cia?s will open Sat., Aug., 13.
| A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGU1435 Mar-
Ket. guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min., meeh.,surl
i' ey \? B .Tf y> F anl<le; day - ev -: eet - 1 684. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m. 333
PhHan bldg. ; terms very reasonable. '
BOOKKEEPING, fin*., math, etc.; day and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkin st.. Prof.
. T. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac. Bus. CoL
A — Metro. Business Col. (gr. and h. s), 602 V.
Ness; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Prea!
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine et.— Night dags.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight;
instruc: all branches; day, eve.
WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt.. com"
plete course. 6 mo. $30, eve. $4 mo.; private.
CALIFORNIA Businesa College, 025 Golden
Gate ave., S. F. : 75- page catalog on request.
EUF^OTaXESTT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country
6. IMURA, S39 Sacramento. Tel. James 5281.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell st. ; tel. Main 6752.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers^
general help. "NATIONAL," 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl. mgr.;tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPX.0YME1TT WAKTED-PEMALE.
A— BOOKKEEPER, cashier; young lady: ex-
pert accountant; thoroughly experienced In
office work; quick, accurate; competent to
take full charge; Al references. Box 2939,
Call office.
DANISH girl wants situation In private family
to assist in housework; good seamstress; fond
of children; wages $20. 4153 Twentieth St.,
near Castro.
YOUNG widow with a child wiehes position
as working hou»ekeeper; city preferred. 830
Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED widow wants position to do
housework in Oakland or Berkeley. Address
box B, Call branch, 300 Hayes st.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist with gen-
eral housework; sleep honw. 15 Priest St.;
phone Hyde 4122.
A SITUATION at llsht housework and cook-
ing in nice small family; small wages. Call
1018 Howard St.; no postals.
A WOMAN with a child wants work; city or
country. 324 Mason St.: phone Black 2390.
A GOOD ranch cook wants cooking for men;
country. 324 Mason St.: phone Black 2396.
8ITUATI0N wanted as chambermaid and up-
stairs girl; can furnish references; reasona-
ble wages. Box 3313, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook and laun-
dress, wishes position with an American
family; likes children; will give references;
will go a short way in country: moderate
wages. 47 Shipley et., near Folsom.
SITUATION as second work or upstairs work
and sevvlnc; no objection to country. Box
2870. Call offlce.
A NEAT young\woman would like to get
light chamberwlrk or light housework; no
po6tals. Call at 302 Fourth st.
LADY desires position as housekeeper; city or
country. Call or address Housekeeper, 1429
Mission st. -
SWEDISH lady -wishes situation to do general
housework for small American family. 2010
Mission St., near Sixteenth.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
' keeper or to cook for small camp. Call or
address 905 Folsom st.
SITUATION as bookkeeper wanted: experi-
enced; good reference given. Address box
3S0C: Call offlce.
A REFINED young lady with a college educa-
tion desires a position as stenographer. Box
38S9. Call offlce. .'
HOUSECLEANINO by the day; also* good
seamstress: no washing. Address box 3326.
Call offlce. -
GIRL 1G years old wishes position in a candy
store; no experience. Address box 3223,
Cal! office.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements by the day; good cutter
and fltter; terms reasonable. Box S.197. Call.
YOUNG lady of high school education would
like position as secretary; best of references.
Box 3348. Call offlce.
A RESPECTABLE young lady would Ilka to
travel as companion to. elderly lady; refer-
ences., Address box 1283, Call offlce, Oakland.
A LADY having hospital experience would
like position ax companion or nurse to In-
valid: country preferred. Address B. B., 219A
Mason st.
EXPERIENCED young lady desires position
• as general offlco assistant; references. Box
3339, Call office. -
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day.
washing and house cleaning; $1 CO a day and
carfare. 645 Minna st.
WANTED — To read to an old. couple or baby
to mind by respectable woman. Please call
or address 3275 Harrison et.
WANTED — By a middle-aged New England
woman a situation as cook: city or country.
Call or address Cook. 3S1 O'Farrell St.. .. ¦ -
¦ITUATION as stenographer; 4 years' experi-
ence In law offlce; good reference given.'
Address box 3897, Call offlce.
AN expert dressmaker by*the day; good fltter,
i - designer; rapid worker. Telephone, evenings
only. Scott 1871. ¦¦¦ *-.-
i WANTED — Position as housekeeper; best of
s references. ' 1526 Hyde St.. '
LADY would like engagements, family, nurs-
lng. Address or call Nurse. ,1429 Mission.
¦ EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position;
best references. box 2S78. Call.
, RELIABLE German girl wishes position: up-
- stairs work and waiting. . 203 Guerrero st.
'. YOUNG woman wants steady • work by the
day; : cleaning offices preferred. 6S1 Jessie.
• YOUNG woman wishes situation a» nurse-
' g'rt. $15. 81 Federal st.
¦ YOUNG lady wishes a position as housework
, , in private family.; Box. 3386, Call office. .:
STJSiriESS CHAirCES. !
i A— $l«.y: COUNjilj raiv-or.. :v>.k st.'; rer.t
:<r-j.ie. .-(Uu cl tiquora on hud, S5CU or j
more; uu t.j csiai-iiiiicU corner; clctnns i
..'¦ • \z ex;/i'.iseh hi ;ta.±i $176 jjor njontn. j
Cai! It. t>. W1LKU. '^uh Kearny s*t.
¦ A_jt;w; PAKTNEM eriated tn r.ianutaciuiinj ,
j busiut* oceiicyj an acii\e. hjne-st man i
u-acieJ; a liU'e cpeuin^; rolereuce*-. ei- j
i changed. Sj* it. G. \\ lLKi:. Mhi Uear njT, at. |
j A— HMj; HOTKL ar.ti roudfceus?. with 1S_ lur- !
r.i:-lK-u rcoiasj real JTo; 5 years' lease; large j
. Lar:;* yir^. orcbariJ, etc.; Jii steady uoara- I
n>. Loiscb. tasgi«e,'f ttc: the bvti-vayins I
country !t4lel .:-. aaa M^.iJ« County. s=---c i
i ll.'O. ".VlLivii. Kearcy tt. .V-'j
Siouo — SALOON l:i Turk tt- ; aet rent. $1^0; 5 j
>eiirs' lezcc; tlegantly uitcJ up p:ace and I
Kuo«i payie: busir.*£t. Call K. *j. WILIvt;,
VU Vi ivcarny st. ,
A— $UC0; WHOLESALE bakery; daily sale*
k'.iout fZO- new wator., 2 hcrses, etc.; rent
KG; ttock'at invoice; only cash trade; a flr.e
bu6iae.-« orrer. Particulars K. G. WILKJi.
20Vi Kfan:y su • : '•-".=
A— $750; SALOON, with rooms: rent $27 50;
establ, jmrs; this is a good place for man
and v.i:e; location the test. Call R. G.
WlLKii. 20V. Kearny *t. ¦¦~[ : :
A— S-'USO; CORNEIt crocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location in the Mission; place
eirtablithed years and Hhi-cUm paying; full
value in elii.t. bee K. G. WILKE. 2tiVi
Kearny tt. ¦
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
tx-st manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.:
cash trade; r#nt $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lea^. See R. Q. WILKE. 2»H» Kearny su
A— $i:'.l)O0: BARROOM; oce of the best In this
city; or owner will take a partner for $S000;
this is a most beautiful and best located
first-class paying pUce in this city. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $t£uo; CORNER »aloon, e*tahl. many years.
ar.d known to be one of the leading and lirst-
clsbs payins lager beer saioons of this city;
fullest investigation solicited; a rare chance;
lease. R. G. WILKE. 26^3 Kearny St.
A— SlfcOO; ROAOUOC8E. with fine HvinE and
club room*; piano, dance hall. 2 stables, etc.;
* well-adveitisfd and guod-paylng house.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st. .
A— $«0U>. CORNER saloon, with 4 years'
lease; about u block from Market and Ellis
tit.; place doini; a rushing business; value
in «i£ht; owner must leave for the East.
f?<? R. G. V. ILKE. 2t>tfr Kearny at.
A— $S50; CORNER saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 block eouth of Market and Powell
«ts.; a good business: owner engaged in
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORXElt saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district: owner bought ranch
«r.d sacrifices; . saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE.
2tSU Kenrry Et.
A— $!<X!U: RARV: chance, rare chance, rare
ctar.:e; restaurant In San Rafael; dally re-
ccSptt J2S; rent $00; good business; value
Sn yieht; patronized by best class of people.
fc*« K. G. WILKE. 26>4 K«arny st.
A — $SvX); CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny.
A— J2.'OO: LEADING hotel In the best business
Town SO miles from city: 40 rooms; bar and
<.lning-room : long lease: no better chance for
totel bris-in^ES In the Interior. Call R. G.
WIT-KE, 2liH Kearny st.
A— $2250: PARTNER wanted In one of the
i<?st paying ccrner saloons In this c^ty:
dally receipts about $40; place clears net
».bove $:iOO t,cr month; location first-class.
fee EC G. WILKE. 26S Kearny tt.
A— $1600: SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton cts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny tt.
: A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 3C rooms; piano, etc.: finest loca-
tion across the bay. Ste R. G. WILKE. 2t>H
Kearny tt. ¦
A— $3100 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; en Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California; clace muut be secriflced on ac-
count of Cl health or* cvrner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2»J>4 Kearny st.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5- room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing: also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gas: toilets; closets: everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over, night: perfect little home; owner
obliged to go Ea*t; make offer. CAMERON
i- CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR rale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
I located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for ring. -hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange income property in
Alameda for stock of merchandise In P. F. ;
value about $S00O. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR eale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobblnp; established 27 years; weli
located and equipped with modern tools, etc. ;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange— Lot, 25sl25. with cottage. East
! Oakland; high basoment. cement sidewalks;
, everything first class; on direct car line; for
: rooming-house. S. F. ; value $2000. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR rale — First-class j electrician and lock-
smith business: bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO
$300~PARTNER in light business; chance for
right man; mum be sober and reliable.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny et.
$750 — Restaurant, north Market, nr. Kearny:
j rt-nt iCO; bars. Berg & Armstrong.318 Kearny
I $1000 — Salcon. nr.Market: lease jear and a half
to nin. Bere ir. Armstrong, «18 Kearny st.
A GOOD paying bakery: flr.c family trade;
long lease; rent only $ir> p<*r month; erery-
thlnpr in flrst-c!a»s condition; a good oppor-
tunity for a practical bak»r; only $300 cash
S required. HAWKS At MEHRTENS, Seventh
Et. and Railroad ave.. Alameda.
FOR sale — First-class, well paying butcher
thop; best part of city: doing flne business;
can bv bought at sacrifice: must sell immedi-
ately account other urgent business inter-
ests. IJox 2»77. Call of lice.
MUST sell lnnmtdlately on account of sickness;
tirat-claaa roadhcuse and saloon; all nicely
furnished; 15 rooms and 1-ar; long lease;
1' cheap rent; no reasonable offer refused. In-
quire Batt's Villa, Elirhurst, Cal.
1 HOTEL for *ale; located in a town on the
; S. P. and Easte I r e railroads: fireproof
¦ builfllng; 45 rooms; well established and a
! good i>atronage; lease if desired. - Address
Lux 22**2. Call offlce.
j A— $2250: MILLINERY business; swell loca-
1 tion; receipts average $S00 monthly; invoice
i $2000; low rent; rare opportunity. KHEDO
I & CO.. 7C5 Market st.
WANTED — An experienced man as partner in
a. new laundry enterprise; a little capital
needed; new town In Northern Cal. Apply
bet. 10:30 and 12 to-day, r. 353, Palace Hotel.
$U>00— ROADHOUSE, bar, etc. ; 10 furnished
rooms; good location, on main st.; rent $30;
r. years' lease; a snap. ALDEN CO.. 1233 I
Uroadway. Oakland.
WE Incorporate and float stock companies; we
lumdlc unlisted securities; leans negotiated.
HORATIO G1LIJERT & CO., Ellicott Square,
Buffalo.
$500— RELIABLE man, willing to work, can
purchase interest In estab. mfg. business; le^
Kitknate, paying proposition; bear closest in-
i _vtstiKatlon; can clear $100 mo. 247 Fifth st.
$200T — HALF Interest in new w.torprie-j; posi-
j lively Lest nicney-maklns, legitimate busl-
i nets In city: mu«t have ;iocd business man- i
Bex ."007. Call office..
FIHST-CLAKS hardware Etore. well established
and loea^d, for sale on account of sickness;
only.$2&>0: take half city real estate. Box
SMS. Call crflce.
A LAUNDRY agpr.cy In San Francisco for
cale: no competition In several blocks of It;
present owner has run the - place for 14
years; rent very low. Address box 10C7, Call.
$40C0— WANTED, good, reliable man a« part-
ncr to take half interest in good payina
teaming business in San Francisco P C
LASSEN &. CO.. 406 Tenth St.. Oakland. Ca;.
SALOON fornale; old-established; $500. In-
quire WATSON CO.. 10C0 Washington Bt..
Oakland. . .
WELL established truck and express business
for "tale. For particulars address 170 Au-
tumn st.. San Jose. Cal.
RESTAURANT for eale, cheap! 521~Montffom-
ery b*-. .. . , ._. . ......
•SOUS 1). SPKECKKLS;! I. '.Proprietor j
Address Ccrr.-.rr-r.icitlor.s to
.ToiL\-_McNAUc;irr —^-.^_^-2!?5?fS£ j
IV. J. M-UVIIN B^^w^Manaser }
PiTtlsctucn Offic* r:; * t .iV d «fiJ r^n' ii '
Edncrial" iu^;« -'« "> -- 1 fcte* t r.«oa »t. ..
VfAv.iA bv Carriers. 20 Ct. Per Wee*. 75 j
Terms by MxiJ. ia^di^ Jt>»»«« l( - asb Wlin j
DAILY CALL (Ibc1"X Sunday). l > ea !>;'"*4 oo !
DAILY l-ALL UndUd. Sun0«yV O BU*.>« 4.00 i
DAILY CALi^-l!> StaSte Mor.lh '?Z I
¦ SVEEKLT CALL. 1^ Year ...... - y-'i^ ;
TOKEIGN '< .^a-: Vis P<-r Year Extra
I-OSXAliL. • \\>'okly' l'M Per Ve*T Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS 'ABE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SI--BSCRIPTIQNS.
ti:. ;> Copi«« srlll te forwarded »nen re-
<jue*ted. .
Mafl eubfccribers tn ordrrirg change o.afl :
' Cw ihculd ba particular to tive ->»;- s -
AKD OLD ADDRESS tn order to Insure » |
pron.pt uxd correct coir.pliar.ee with their r«- /
quest.
• OAKLAND OFFICE:
:016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: _
214S Center Street Telephone North . .
I WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
L'EL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NfcW YORK~NEvVS STANDS: I
Lttorf-Aetoria Hotel: A. Krentano. 31 |
a Squire: Murray Hill Hotel: FL'th-ave- ,
iWJtl and Hoffnan House. ;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: '
TJnan House; P. £>. New* Co.: Gr^at
lern Hotel: Tremcnt House: Auditorium
1; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE-.
EOK'M". Xl:OCNESS..Mar<iuPtte Building
>r.£ Dlttar.ee Telephone. "Central 2819.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
3 EEX B. SMITH no Tribune Building
*NE*«V YORK CORRESPONDENT:
CAKLTON Herald Square
NESS OFFICE of th# San Francisco
1. corner Msrkct and Tt!rd Etreets; open
JJ- 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOS Market street, opposite Fifth: open on,tll
11 p ra.
127 Mortromery street, corner Clay: open
¦vrV.] 0:30 p. m.
SCO Hare* street: cpen until 9-.Z0 p. m.
r» McAllister rtrf et: open until 9:30 p. m.
at Larkin. street; cpen until »l30 p. ra.
;ti*l Miss'.cn street; cpen until 10 p. m.
l r <; Elevtr.th street: cpen un'll 0 p. m.
•o.iO Valencia street: op»n until 9 p. ra.
Ncrth*sst ccrner Church ar.d Duncan streets;
rmen nntil i* p. m.
C2tK> Firir.ore street; open until » p. ra.
m MTSTIgG NOTICES. ,
YHRBA BUEXA Lodge cf Perfection ««»
>ft>. 1. Masonic Temple. C Post et. — H
.^TW.al meeting THIS i\
EVENING. S o'clock, sharp. Fourth tSQ%
decree. Visltlr.j br.rthrsn cordially J
i-vited *
HENRY BURNER (33) Secretary.
S&fPSION Charter No. 79, R. A. M.— «
Stated rneeclnp Till? (THURSDAY) Vy
EVENING 7:.".O oclcck. M. M. de- /VA
gree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA I>oire No. 1. F. and A. ®
ill.', will meet THIS (THURSDAY) VV*
KVKNING at 7:30 o'clock. St&ted /VS
•meeting. F. H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. »
M — Stated m^tlnr THIS <THURS-VSf
HAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By
prder of the.W. M
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
. DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— a '
Ktat^d meeting THIS iTHURSDAY) Yy
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. By order of /\TV
ihr Master.
, J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344 F end «
A M.. 317 DevisaOro st.'— Stated "vS/"
. ¦ • •.- THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-/v\
ING at »:S0 o'clock.
• A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
• Versa bceka Ledge NoTTsTT. v -~-v/, fc
I- ¦ are hereby notified to att< n i = i'^<v>!>*5
rneptir.g THIS (THURSDAY) ''-^..m^
EVENING et S o'clock. Business of impor-
tance «-•;:! be discussed and a full attendance
¦ » rtrslred. l,. HECK. Noble Grand.
CHAS. A. WISEWELL. Rec. Sec.
KEBEL Ccrk Benevolent Society will %^r^i
h"l<1 its cightpf-nth annual picnic at %7 : v»
¦ Shell Mound Tarl:. Berkeley SUN- si l fj
I 'AY. Aupust 7, 1304. Over $3000 £CXi$
cash will be distributed in gate and "¦ *^
ram- prizes. A unio n banl will furnish
music *.t the pavilion. Precial music fur-
r>!fhed by the socifty for y.n and reel danc-
ing en tiro rlatforms. Boats leave terry
•¦vfry half -hour, connecting with Berkeley
:-z:i for Phc-!I Mound Park. Admission to
• I irk r.Uc: children under 12 years free. R«s-
niAmber the date. tJL'NDAY. August 7. A
S-joC time guaranteed to all.
J. SULI.IVAN. Secretary.
ST. ANDREWS Society— A celebra- v »,
tton In honor of the 133rd anniver-r^, K J1
tan- of the birth of SIR WALTER V>Y^ •
SCOTT will te held tr. the Pettish '
Ha!!. 107 Larkin st.. on MONDAY EVEN- \
• ING. the 15th of August. Literary and rnu- I
t-ical jrojrarnme at 6. d&ncir.s at 10. Tickets.
".V. jo be had from members of the society
end at na!l d.w. *
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. Pres
BLACK, fcr. '
• OFFICE of the McCarty Wireless Telephone
Corapany. Rcom 327. 927 Market St.. 9-an
Francisco. Ca!.. Aug. 2. 1!jQ4.—To the Stcck-
hoJoVrs of the Mr-Cany Wir^lMss Telephone
<"o:r.fjany. a Corporation: Public notice is
herv!>y elven that a special mf-etins of the
itockhol'iet* of tie MeCarty Wireless T»!e-
• p£one Company 'will bt h*M at t}:<- of ace of
tto* eci(3 ectr.pany. room ::27. :i27 Market st.
£*n KranciFco. Cal.. on TUESDAY. August
;<¦¦. U>C4. -at 3 o'clock i>. m.. for the purpose
. or 5eci*r:r.£ vacant tie ofncfs of prrslj.nt.
secretary an..: trensurer. ar.d also as directors
•A eald roriK,iaticr. ; said meeting In called by I
order of H*-r.ry A. McCarty. sruardian of th«- '>
<Tt»t« or Francis J. McCarty, owner and
holder of mere than two-thirds of the suh-
nrt!><-4 capital stock of said corporation
HENRY A. McCARTT. Guardian of the Es-
ty cf Frr.nr'F J. MrCarty.
A V.-KEK'S news fcr S cents— The \V>ekl7call
• ",C parts, ir. wrai-pcr. fcr mailing. $1 per year!
• A<:nNTS— An aprncy for a Fro;rfjs!tlon that Is
tt.«ecic^d Improvement on building and loan
ia north having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrctt building.
HUSTLING and competent solicitors: either
«*: literal effer; big money; rapid selling
* . articl-. 214 Pine st.. rocm 2*. \
H. WJ CnCO, Attorney-al-Law, Exam, bldg.^
Cth floor; entrance room GUJ eetablished li
yrarw; e'.l cases, general ccurt end office
. prai-t:ce; no fee in advance or for consuHa-
lien; e\-en;r.gs by appcintment. Tel. Red 3601.
•AXfVJCK free on all ItR»l matters; divorces a
tpeclttltjr: private, quick; no pay In advance;
¦ :ririr.r ccnripacles o:Far::ed:patcnts cbiained-
G. W. IICWT. 112J Markrt it.; estab. TI yrs.
PIZNEION ouy.— M. HARRIS. 40 EllTTTTTllJ
yrr. piacJice; refs. from many thousands of
n-ldier*. esilors. wifiowe and orphan* on Pa-
cifit CcitL for tthom I have secured p«c«lcns. j
• UIVOr.CE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
fr«e; all law buziucm: r:.) charge unless suc-
' ratify. ty»-ncvtnlr.g». 1)27 Market, room 301.
AL'VJCK fiee: divorce costs $12; no fees cr
ci.it* ir advene*; a!> law bcslnest: offlce
open fiturday *veftir.cs. 819 Market st.. r.33.
¦ — • ——_______
IIONHY ed%'ancf-d heirs on estate*: <-btates pro-
• 1-atod; conrai. free. F.CcIbonrn. att'y.y^T Mkt.
L. §. CLAHK. t«27 Market St.: conK.uitatloa
free; no ftes In auvancc; op?n evenings.
Patents ana p*ni?:on«— sonntacs pat-
KNT &. 1ENFI0N AGCY.. 214 Pine. Cth floor.
A WEEK'S r.ew* for 5 cents— Tlie#Weekly Call
jr. p.ure.--. in v.-rn:-r«'r» fcr mailing. $1 t>»r year
ATTTOSIOSrSES. - ,'
jj^r»F*:oi:TLE tcr sale; scod condltioa. Box
1072. OaU office.
' ASTHMA BPjECDT.
DI KOLA'S Apthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market. St." Nicholas:
aleo Wlsrhart. 10th and Washington, Oakland.
_._- i ¦
CCIIOCL- tx»ks. old and new. bourht and Bold.
DALY & CURKAN. £57 Geary st.
BUSIKESSJCHAITCES— £ont*SH?*v^,
FOn sale or lease; a bargain; blacksmith and
wheelwright shop: corner location: stock at
cost; tools modern: .*old at tfO per cent of
cost; abundance of work; prices good; epot
cash: rr.wn be sold In 20 days; Mariposa
County seat, a mlnlns camp. A. B. VAN
CAMPEN. Mariposa, Mariposa County. Cal.
FOR^iale — Saloon license with or without fix-
tures. SW. cor. Seventh and Townsend Bts.
$125— PARTNER In established business; full
Investigation; $75 per mo. Box 2S69, Call.
CIGAR stand to rent. 401 Third St., corner;
rent $10.
CIGAR-STAND for Rale on Mission st; good
locality. Rex 1001. Call offlce.
GROCERY ar.d liquor store for sale on a good
corner In Mission. Address box 2209. Call.
WANTED— To buy a clsrar-Mand; give location
ar.d drice ask*-d. Hox 2222, Call office.
GOOD Dayini restaurant for sale, with liquor
license. Address box 1925. Call office. . : :'¦
WANTED — A restaurant in city. Address,
with price, etc.. boi: 2298. Call offlce.
A STATIONERY and bazaar: will reduce
stock to suit purchaser.. 1915 Fullrnore st.
FOR sale — Corner saloon, with leass: best bps!-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beeii
opened at 1008 Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
YOUNG parrots, guarantfnd to talk. $5 each;
largest variety dogs, birds, ca?ns, etc., at low
prices. 1S14-4G Market st.
JLOPCrlNG-HOPSES JFOR SAI.I!.
A— CAMERON & CO.. . Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
10S rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long
lease, up to date-, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator: all Jtght
rooms; well furnished throughout; ; chance of
lifetime to pet firtt-class toouse that Is clearing
$350 to $»;"j0 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate Irrge body of people in coming con-
clave; owner obllseu to leave for Europ* to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
7-room modern fiat, close in, well furnished;
cost JCOO: at bargain if sold at ence; $300.
45 rooms: rent r.nly $125; first-class location;
well furnished ar.d good running order; clear-
in? now over $2CO per month: always full: best
buy ia city; account sickness; price $4500.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first -class condition; good furniture and oar-
pets, clearlne now J2C0 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $3C0 to $;J5O per month; here is
best proposition in city; price $3200.
15 rooms; rent $65; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price: $S0O.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
S-room flat: rent $45: close In; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure; price $400.
00-room. new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house: chea;j rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
2S rooms; elegant fur. family hotel on Nob
Klli; doing fine business; will trade for largs
apartintr.t-houEe and pay cash difference.
5 rooms and clofx-ts; East St.; rent only $18;
good furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; e, beda; cc6t $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350. m
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
Cood lease.
ISO rooms: grand, nfw, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: flne leuss ; paying $500 to $GCO per monttai.
close Ir.; full of nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
34 rooms; cheap rent: thoroughly renovated;
all in flne shape; flne little apartment-house;
clears $100; reduced to $2800.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house: has fire
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired; rare
chance for richt parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business
interests demand immediate departure.
75 fooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
16 rooms; rent $CS; good furniture and car-
pets; always full: must sell within next 10
days; leaving city; make offer.
' 12S rooms: cheap rent: long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
105 roows; cheap rent; flrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month: call for particulars.
120 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
nr.or.th; one of the best buys in the city.. .
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange cr trr.de always oh hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN. '\, \
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 8607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for salo.
52 ROOMS- centrally located; hotel; reduced
from $5000 to $.'i500; rent only $250 per;
month; this is absolutely the best bargain in
a hotel tn S. F. MARION GRIFFIN.
52 ROOMS: magnificently furnished through-*
out 3 months: comer house, with all con-
veniences known to modern architecture: long
lease; $40CO cash is al! the money required;
snap. See MARION GRIFFIN.
31 ROOMS; long lease; low rental; newly fur-
I nlshed; a give away at $1400. Only with
MARION GUIFFIN.
$3500 BUYS S5 rooms, with new "furniture and
filled with steady roomers; clearing. over all
expenses $250 per month; unequaled as an
Investment in any line of business. Get par-
ticulars from MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 400 Examiner bldg., San Francisco. i
$23,000 BUYS one of San Francisco's finest
hetels. with bar; long lease at very low
rental: all- modern conveniences: centrally
located; magnificently and substantially fur-'
nished; if you are looking " for a business
where you can clear $1000 per' month here
is your opportunity and you need only a
small amount of cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
$14C0 FOR a beautifully furnished 14-room
sunny corner house. MARION GRIFFIN.
34 ROOMS; Sutter St.; corner house: always
full of steady roomers; -clearing $173 per
month. This Is worthy your investigation.
. MARION GRIFFIN.
32 ROOMS; located In heart of San Francisco's
best transient district; a beautiful corner
well furnished and scrupulously clean:
on account of sickness of owner will etll at
a ridiculously low price and loan . half the
money. Particulars at MARION GRIFFIN'S,
400 Examiner bulldlnc. . -
TO Intending purchasers of a hotel, apartment-
. house or lodging-house In San Francisco we
wish to state that it will be to your Interest,
financially, to • obtain ¦ reliable information
and facts concerning • same from MARION
GRIFFIN, room 40C Examiner building, 1 Ban
• • Francisco. ¦ Cal. -\ . . -. .•¦¦....;
STRONG convx-ient American woman, ifra-
reratr. " honest wants ISufet « wee ? 1 f'* M ? f " ( !
V.-a«Mng by the dav; tire laundress; checrfu.
worker* SI 23 and "car fare. 183 Fourth .t..
. first flight, room 21. ¦
WANTED— Eastern seamstress, perfect fltter.
cutter and desisner, would accept _«. n S*S*"
mer.ts at your home. Address box ::S57. Ca.l.
WORK by day or washing. $1 50. 716 How-
ard st. ; : -yv'
STRONG woman wishes house and window
cleaning. SI 50 day. Box 83»«. Call ottl::
POSITION to do housework small family; no
washing. Tnx i'J47. Call office.
GIRL, wishes position as nurse; -willing to do I
housework. Box :^J54, Call offlce.
FEW more family-.vashlngs to take home.
Card, or Inquire 2819 Baker st.
COLOHED lady wishes position la laundry.
613 Powell st.; phone Black ce«7.
A LADY wishes place for nurslns or light
hcueekeeptng. 232 Francisco st., city. I
JAPANESE fclrl wants a pcsitlcn to do cook-
Ir.c or housework tn family; good experience.
IS Lewis place.
ADVERTISENrENTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
EMPLOYMHWT WA1TTEB — MAU.
STEADY, sober young painter wants position
In hotel; 13 years' experience: handy with
carpenter's tools. R. DOHERTY. 615 Minna
st.. B. F.
GERMAN cook wishes position in restaurant.
boarding-house or hotel; city or country.
Address C58 Folsom st.
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer will work
by the day or piece. 827 Eddy St.; phone
Larkin SliOl.
YOUNG man wishes position as driver; experi-
enced; references. Address 274 O'Farrell st.
NEW YORK footman wishes position. Box
30:ifi, Call offlce.
WANTED — Steady chorework or any good
small country farm place of trust, kind
people only, by young, competent, reliable.
New York State American, willing man;
34; best habits; reference*; no teamster; can
milk; reasonabls wages. Addrees P. J. F.,
box 3034. Call.
A GERMAN wishes a situation as clerk in
grocery 6tore and barroom or general mer-
chandise store: first-class references. W.
BOHLING, 417 Kearny st.
YOUNG man (27) with 6 years' experience In
¦ wholesala offlce as chief -bookkeeper and cor-
respondent, seeks engagement; would accept
$1000 to start if good prospect of advance-
ment: highest references. Box 3898. Call.
ELDERLT man wants work; private place;
gardening;: horses; useful In general; good
cook and baker; wages moderate; references.
Address box 12S4, Call office. Oakland.
MECHANICAL, draughtsman, good designer
and detailer; IS yaara" experience: mining.
; stationery, power plants, factories: wants
work at home. Address box 3432. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by a middle-aged man as
night watchman: 10 years' reference. Ad-
dress B. HESS, cars of Chutes Co.. Fulton
street and Tenth avenue.
A MIDDLE-AGED German, handy and willing
worker, would like a plac* in some whole-
sale house; very reasonable wages expected.
Box 28C6. Call.
A REFRIGERATING and electrical engineer
i wishes position; 20 years* experience; not
afra'd of work. Address Engineer. 807
Call building.
A YOUNG, sober and Industrious Danish man
wishes situation at anything; will give good
references. Address JENS P. HANSEN.
1530 Kentucky at.
YOUNG man wants position 4 or 6 hours, dajr
or night; wages reasonable; references fur-
nished. Address box 3S94. Call offlce.
A BOOKKEEPER with several years' experi-
ence in this city desires position; moderate
salary. Box 3900, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man, sober, best of references,
wishes a situation In a private place; coun-
try; handy with tools. Box 54S0, Call offlce.
GROCERY clerk, young man. would like posi-
tion In corner grocery; best references. Box
3GC5. Call offlce.
POSITION as foreman on hay. grain or stock
ranch by Cal. farmer with many years' ex-
perience. 93C Pine st.. W. Oakland.
WANTED — Position as wrapper. Box 3S63.
Call offlce.
SALESMAN would like position In wholesale
lace hcusa. Address box 3S54, Call offlco.
WANTED — A place In a bakery. Box 386^
Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants work Inside. Box 3363.
Call offlce.
BARBER wants steady work. 827 Turk st.
YOUNG man wishes situation In country. 628
Ellis st.
YOUNG man wishes situation as porter In
store. 122 Taylor st. '
BOY 15 years wants to learn watchmakers'
trade. Box 3333. Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like place to drive light
wagon. Box 3322. Call office.
WOULD like work as porter. Apply GEORGE
HAYES. 701 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wants posi-
tion. Box 3179, Call offlco.
POSITION wanted as handy man about farm.
Call or address 579 Clay st., room M.
WANTED — A position as bartender. S.
WOLF. 32S Jessie st.
A YOUNG man, 6 years' experience In machine
shop, wants employment of any kind; city
or country. Address box 330-1. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position aa porter. SO Fourth
fctreet.
A SMALL boy wants position as offlce boy.
Box 3S09. Call office^
A YOUNG man of 20 would like a position as
bookkeeper. Box 3S47, Call offlce.
A MAN wants work of any kind. W4 Steven-
son st. S. C. NATHAN. t
WANTED— Errand boy. Box 3M0, Call offlce.
JEWELER wants steady position: city or
country: state wages- Box 330P. Call offlce.
A YOUNG colored man wants situation as
porter or janitor. Address 127 Second st.
WANTED — Situation by colored man as porter
or Janitor. Address 127 Second at.
YOtTNG Japanese wants ccsttion In store to
leern business, or any other good position to
work- speaks and writes good English. Ap-
ply to LOUIS OGATA, the Imperial Hotel,
t eOC Stcckton et., S. F.
A JAPANESE well educated boy wants a po-
rtion as waiter on table, either* family or
boariiir.E-house: hes long experience; best of
re ferences. O. P.. 711 Taylor st.
JAPANESE schoolboy, having best experience
of cooking, desires position in small family,
has beat references. KURO. 1329 Pine; phone
Larkin 2C11. :
A STRONG Japanese boy wants situation to
do cookins and housework; speaks English
well: wages $7 a week* Address O. S-.
1300 H Caatro »t. . ':¦:
A JAPANESE honest boy wants a position aa
schoolboy in small family; speaks English
\well. WILLIAM K. AWO. 807 Polk st.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position in
private family. YEOUMTO. 703 Larkin St.; I
tel. Polk 37S2. .
JAPANESE bright boy desires position to do
housework, or as a kitchen help. MATSU,
258A O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE bo? wants position, cook or general
housework. Frank Kunishlge. 1103 Mission.
FTJltxj x'X" u RE FOB Sau,
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 CO
. down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 340 Post St., near Powell.
j FOR Pale — The furniture of an S-room flat*
I whole or in part: private sale. 415 Capp st.
Anderson Auction House. 10 Turk, nr Marked
furnishes everythlns for the house ;low prices.
FOR -sale cheap: a solid oak folding bed. Ad-
dress box 2227, Call offlce.
FURNITURE, stoves, boujrht. sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencla.nr.lCth.Tel.Church 3S79.
rXTBKITTTEi; WADTTEP.
ABE LEVY. ~"~~
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. TeL Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
nlture. etc.. nntil you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY. A CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc 7S2 Mlssloa;tel.Busli 813.
Want Advertisers in Next Sunday's Call Receive Free a Copy of
This Beautiful Picture. Size 36x10 Inches; on Heavy Plate Paper
In HOTHOUSE TREASURES the artist has shown a cluster of freshly culled. roses in
their wonderful variety — Jacqueminot, American Beauties, Marechal Niel and others — falling in
rich profusion from a bowl. The exquisite coloring is followed in detail and the picture is sure
to be appreciated by all lovers of nature in art. This study admits of a variety of styles of
framing and will be a valued ornament in any home.
Gifts Given Thursday, Friday f and Saturday
To Want Advertisers in Next Sunday's CallTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, .100-1
11
HORSES IACT T7AQONB— -Continued.
SADDLE horses for pale — One chestnut single-
footer and one black. 1309 Fulton st.
FOR sale — 150 extra choice dairy cows. Address
room. 52, No.. 3 Cal. »t., San Francisco.
GOOD top buggy for sala. Box 2234, Call
f.fflce.
A FINE black mare for sale; broke to saddle;
perfectly gentle. Box 1934. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Top and open buggies; cheap. SZ3
Fulton st.
FOR sale— Light driving buggy; $30. Box
22S1. Call office.
WAGONETTES., surreys.buggles. wagons, har-
neas. work and driving horse*. 15th-Valenrla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PiUNTED list of houses to let.send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOTEL to rent — 43 rooms; 1R41 and 1543 Pine
et., between Polk and Van Ness ave.: electric
lighted; Eteam heated; running hot and cold
water In every room; one block from three
car line; man will be on premises from
12 to 1 every day.
SUNNY house. 8 rooms; large basement and
yard; $40. felS McAllister st. *
HOC3E3— rtragriSECED— SATJ3AI.ITO.
TO lease, furnished. "The Crest," Sausallto;
superb marine view; tennis court, croquet;
S rooms, 2 baths. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. 30 Montgomery gt.
I 11 -— _ i .-»»»»»-»-— -^
HOUSES WANTED.
FURNISHED house, 6 or 6 rooms, in good lo-
cality, Alameda, Oakland or Berkeley for 2
months. Box 3021. Call office.
INVALID CKAIB3.
BOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
' Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
J LOST AND rOTTSD.
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
on'-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell: 2 stores, 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST. j
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbsrnia Savings 1
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the I
name of PIERRE JEAN ROUQUETTE; No.
2S0-S95. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— July 31, plain gold ring, vicinity Sixth
\ and Howard sts. Boston Oyster House, 133
Sixth st. ; reward.
LOST — July 27, diamond earring. Finder pleaso
return or notify 194 Farragut ave., Ocean 1
View; reward. j
LOST — August 2. lady's gold~watch; mono- '
gram M. 8. R.; beaded fob. Room 111, 006
Sutler^ st.; reward.
LOST— A pansy breastpin with diamond eet- j
ting. Reward if returned to 2057 Mission at.
LOST — August 3, large, black Newfoundland
dog. 24S Guerrero St.; reward.
LOST— J. C. 8a!a revel rod. 933 Post St.; re^
ward. . ;
j PUG dog. answers name of Muggins; tag num- I
\ bers 512-5H. 7C3 Fourteenth st. ; reward. |
¦ LATTITCgES FOB HIBE.
I C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
j St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush G34. |
J. MIchaells Launch Co., Un!on-st. Wharf; boat-
\ Ing & excursions. 6 Steuart st. :tel. John 2GS6.
' MATTEES3ES AND PILLOWS.
TO order;renovated. disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKH
BROS.. 14CS2-34 Howard st. ; phone South 216.
MINES AND MINING. j
j HEADQUARTERS for Tonopah stocks. 539-543 j
Crossley bldg.. Pacific States Min. & Inv. Co. j
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR GALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN.
TOSH &. WOLPMAN. 1U5-137 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte. in rolls eacy to lay;
reeds no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE HOOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented ar.d exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHF. CO.. 130-132 Beale st. j
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en- j
glnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys, I
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-215 Spear «t- ¦
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. ut>Ma!rs.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
; DIAMONL'S, watches ar.d Jetvelry for sale on
t-mall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton* st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moveri from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
, TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form ¦bora at $2 liO; we pay express !
11 ad st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free, j
¦ BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English spaniel '
pups, 5 w. o'd; $7 W> & $10. 2137 J4 Mission et; i
I DESKS bought. ?old and exchanged. T. D !
McCarthy Co., S07 Mission it.; tel South Sll. |
LINOTYPE, used .only about 3 years; great
I bargain. Address box 3409. Call offlce.
! BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $S0; worth
$100. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
FOR sale— First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, 102UJ Market st. ;
SAFES and ca*h register*, new and second- '
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st. j
SAFES and desks; new and secend-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1S1C Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency! Peter Baci-
galupi, moved to 78G Mission st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 181 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery Et.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches* i
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
mSCELLAWEOTrS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dla-
mends. gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st 1
A— Morris wants 2-hand clothing, fancy ladles' '
dresses. Tuxedo suits, etc.; postal." 043 Folsom. !
HIGHEST price paid for castort clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; <;*.<» Sacramento Et.
TILTON wants good *econd-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
MONEY 10 ZiOAZ7.
AAX-HERJ1AN MURPHY^ ""
601-602-U03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Ece HERMAN MURPHY. -!-- : .
— WILL LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
ilrirt_;ivc. on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
1-ow rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of prouerty or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— ;
Money loar.ed Ealarled peopl* without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one ;contidentlal and courteous treatment;
¦ call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture cr pianos at lowest rates; no
. removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2J mortgagts or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 30 Geary, room 38.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,.
840 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 43
. principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 007 Market Bt.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or planot: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery Bt.rm. 7.
MONEY to lean at low interest; goM. stiver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
• at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. . -._¦
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 p<r cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 464. - •
BOOMS TO^BT—gnra. aad TJnf arn.
ROYAL House. 12a^ETlis— Incandescent lights^
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor*: rooms per night. 33c to $1 5O; week. $2
to $8; month. $* to $3O; elevator on ground
Coor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1611— Very sunny and clean
rear room; g«ntleman.
SANSOME 422— Small furnished room; rent
reasonable.
SEVENTEENTH. 4168. near Market— Elegant-
ly furn: larg? front sunny room: gas. bath.
closed piano; $2 week; gant: board optional.
SUTTER. 23&— Nicely furnished rooms.
SUTTER.. 2.-.2C* — Front sunny room to let.
WASHINGTON, 1323 — Nicely furnished room.
$&¦ •
SIXTH. 210t_— St. Johns; pleasant front fur-
nished rooms; central location; most reas.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — tOO
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 73 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
:'-5c to $1 50 night: $2 ta $* week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggag?.
WOLF House. 2C2 Sixth St. — Rooms from 15 j
toll per night and from 90c to $5 per we«k.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at I0OS Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. •
; -> !j ttV. , , ItOOalS -^JraTBOAKD.
ROOM and board. $18 to $13 per month; com-
forts; bath. etc. 1021 Washington St.. near
Mason.
TAYLOR. 410— A nice large room for tvi
gentlemen who would room together; good
board; also room and board for a neat, plain
man.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 8437— Larga room newly
furnished; southern exposure; board optional;
phona. •
VALENCIA. 936 — Beautiful sunny rooms;
nicely furnished; running water; prlvats
boarding-house.
EDDY. 112S. cpp. Jefferson Park— Fine fum.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
ELLIS 453 — Fine turn'.sfc-d rooms, with first -
clas3 French table beard; reasonable price*.
EXCELLENT board. $4 per week; with sunny
room $5. 323 First st.
HOWARD. S41A— first-class board and room,
tingle cr double, $3-$(j wk.; American family.
MASON, C13A. near Sutter — Sunny front room,
with or without board, in private family.
O'FARRELL. 1453 — Handsome suit and single
rooms; board optional; Jewish family.
PACIFIC are.. 171C. above Van Ness— Larg»
rooms; running water; use of parlor.
Steventon Mansion, cpp. Grace Church, annex
W7 California — See rooms.learn prlces.try tabl#
THE Comoro. 621 O'Farrell st. — Large grounds,
billiard-mom, superior table. Quiet service.
VAN NESS ave.. 830 — Large sunny front room;
good board; use parlor, piano and phone.
WEBSTER. 1431. near Geary — Nice home for
a young lady or gentleman.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for The Call for th« reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b-»r»
opened at 1006 Market rt.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOM RENTING AGEHCT.
WE rent your rooms; hundreds of roomers call-
ing daily: don't delay seeing us. Room Rent-
ing Advertisers. 117 Sutter St.: phone Clay
006; offlce in rear of store upstairs.
SEWING^ MA^TNE3^A^rD^s-pyyLI358.
DOMESTIC— The machine tor family use: ben
I is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
; price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc offlce 1021 Market »t near Sixth.
¦ .. SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester"s English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4?
! stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
fiTATwrarnTaTTftr,
STAMMERING permanently cured; best radi-
cal methods: highly moral, edacational: first
applicant next class fre» treatment: I stam-
mered 20 years. JAMES FOLET. 6C5 Laguna.
cor. Hays: tel. Pace 2312 — 10 a. m. loilp m.
AXFD BONDS rOB SALE.
FOR sale — 7C00 shares of the capital stock of
the Glen Cove Land and Transportation Com-
pany^
__ TO LEA3S.
TO rent cr lease — A good slae store In Ochsner
building, adjoining Poetofnc«, K st., between
Seventh- and Eighth: a good opportunity to
get a business In the best business portion of
Sacramento. Apply at premise* or 112 Beulah
St.. San Franciamo. JOHN OCHSNER.
TTPEWKITE3S A5TD STXPPX.rE3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Fmltn Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Ttt«
Typewriter Exchange, 22G California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
¦Webnter Typewriting Irspec. Co.. MsMartet.
VIAVI. .
A WAY to health— Mothers' asd daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for it.
VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness; phone East 2S2.
I LIOAL APVEBTiaEMENTS.
ALL creditors are requested to present their
bills in three days from date. MRS. M.
HART. 924 Brannan gt.
..:¦.' DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — Ind. Red Men's Hall
Assn. At the last regular meeting of the
board of directors dividend No. 43, of 3.">c
per share, was declared, payable on August .*>.
1904. at S p. m., P.ed Men's Hall. 510 Bush
et. Stockholders must present their shares or
dividends will not be paid.
CHAS. SCHLESINGER. Pre*.
C G. BOLSDORFF. Secy.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Co., Con.
A dividend. No. RS. of fifty oents (SOc) p«r
ehart oii the Issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared, payable at the offlcs
of the company, rooms 202. 204 and 206 Hay-
ward bldg., San Francisco, on Aug. 10, 1304.
Transfer books close Aug. 3, 1904 at noon.
R. H RENNIE. Secretary Pro Tern.
PROPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior, Office cf In-
dian Affairs. Washington. D. C. July 13.
1904.— Notica is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of unleaaed segregated coal and
asphalt lands and unleaaed segregated coat
and asphalt depocits will be opened by ta»
Commissioner of Indian ASatrs at bis office.
In Washington, at dates as fallows: For the
purchase of tracts within the McAlester Dis-
trict (No. 1). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern
time). Monday. October 3, 1904; for tracts
In the Wilburton-Stlgler District (No. 2). at
2 o'clock p. ra. (Eastern time), Monday. De-
cember 5 1304- lor tracts in the Howe-Po-
teau District (No. 3). at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday. February •. 190A;
for tracts In the McCurtaln-Massey District
(No. 4), at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern tima).
Monday, April S. 1903; for tracts In the Le-
fcigh-Ardmore District (No. 5). at t o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time). Monday. June 5. 1303:
and for tracts in District N01. 6 (unleased
segregated asphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday. August 7. 1305.
Circulars descriptive cf the lands and deposits
to be sold and copies of the regulations of.
June 17. 1004. governing the sale of the on-
leased segregated coal and asphalt lands and
unleased segregated 1 coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to th:i
office or the United States Indian Agent.
Union Agency, Muskcgee. Indian Territory.
Bids must be on the prescribed form, which
will be found In the regulations. A certified
check or draft for twenty per cent of th»
amount ot the bid must accompany the bid.
The lands -will be sold for ca.t>. and success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit with
the Commissioner of lntl.'an Affairs the full
amount of their respective bids within flftten
days after receipt by them ot not lcs of th»
acceptance of the tame. If a successful bid-
der falls to comply with the terms of his bid
within the time specified the check deposited
ty him as an evidence of good faith wilt ot
forfeited to the use of the Chcctaw and
Chickasaw nations. The right to reject any
or all bids is reserved. Deeds of conveyance-
will contain a clause "subject, however, ta
existing rights of way for railroads." A. C
TONNER, Acting Commissioner. Depart-
ment of the Interior. Washington. D. C.
July 13. 1904. Approved. THOMAS RYAN.
Acting . Secretary.
NOTICE TO BUYERS OF GRAIN BAG3— 1
am authorized by the Beard of Prison Di-
rectors to sell one mition (1.000,00V) grain
bags at $1 73. spot caJTi. within the period
up to and including the 13th day of August.
1001. Any purchaser may buy the whoie or
any part of the one million U.0OO.00O). All
orj-.rs to be accompanied by th« affidavits
required • by law. Blank orders ean be had
upon application. J. W. TOMPKIN3. Warden.
£an Quentln State Prison.
Continued on Paj© Twelve.
MONET TO LO AH — Continued.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stocktons^
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 14^Phelan buildlng :
LOANS to salaried people privately without se-
curity. PIONEER CO., 819 Marketst., suite 31.
ON reafestate and chattels. E. Vti LICK,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming 'loans to salaried
employes. Room 3U,_Mutual_ Sav^Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
/ mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
Z% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy St.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL, (509 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring eafeTeure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my .methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; coll or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market St., room* 7 and 8.^ -
LADIES — If you are in .trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for tho un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
theee conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Calli or
write Confidential. Est. 14 yis. DR. R. H.
¦VVESTON. offloe 30B KEARNY ST.
! MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable cpoclaliut for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SV4 Market St.. opp. Sth.
VALPEAU'S" female pills: best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr- !
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSOOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. j
DR. G. W~O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
: nate helped; the most difficult cases treated; ;
! advice free. Office 101S Market «t.
LADIES' irregularities from any cause cured '
in one day; no drugs; no operations; strictly
private: advico free; hours, 0 ta 9. 1
DR. SYLVESTER, offlce 210 Kearny st. I
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St., be- I
tween Geary and OFarrell. |
I DR. and MRS. DAVIES ami HINDOO HERBS; I
; original method of treatment. 112C Market. (
! LADIES— Kumround; safe, sure, never falls; I
$2. Gleason-Rug^les Drug Co., Kearny & Clay, j
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom *t., corner !
26th: ladies, relief cr no fee; $10.
I m '" — — 1
MUSICAL INST3TJMENTS. j
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little 1
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
t average rooms, big pianos for large parlors, |
i halls, etc.; pianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
j some at $2, a large number of good ones at
i $2 50 per mo. : our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and ?j per mo.; over 150 In-
struments to select from, ell of them good '¦
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's j
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT- j
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 5C0-64 Hayes st. j
A FEW exceptional bargains; all upright*; I
Heine grand. $475; Gabier. $350; Krell, $375; J
Heine $2.'!5: Steinway, J325; Mason & Ham- '
lin, $_S5; Knabe. $lfi0; FiFcher, $115: Behr
Bros., $1S7; Crown, $H0; Klrcball. $65; Em-
erson, $12.1; Occidental, $40; Conrard, $'J7:
Collard $55; Investigate our new rent and I
I purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINE !
I PIANO CO., 2G5-237 Geary St.; Oakland, !
! 1232 Broadway. j
j A BUNCH cf uprights: easy payments. !
i Erard; small upright for practice $10
Woodworth: Allovon; splendid crder $«5
Wagn«r; perfect condition; a snap $110.
Neumann: mahogany case; a bargain. .. .$125 '
Estey: mahogany case; perfect order. ..$190
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. ltt O'Farrell st. .
A PIANO free for one month: if you want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 Geary st.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented :
in July and August. BRCEN'N. 225 Sutter. :
A FISCHER upright i>!ano for sale; as good aj
; new; $135. 237 Geary St. .
¦ $C0 FOR a fine upriuht. If you want a bargain
I call at HORN UNO'S, 216 McAllister Bt.
1 BOHMER, Byron Mauzy plants, Cecellan piano j
Player; BYRON MAU2Y, 308-312 Post st. j
NEW upright plants sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMIT7 & CO.. 1C McAllister st. j
3-PEDAL Steinway up;Chlcker!ng baby grand; j
Shonlris<»r, little used. Keeffe'f, 2S3 O'Farrell. j
A— MME. GILLINGHAM,
Complexion (•i>eclaliet has opened offices at
131 1'cwell st., between O'Farrell and Ellis;]
she guarantees ta remove every wrinkle, |
crowfeet, bagglness of the eyes, freckles,
lost contour, smallpox pittlngs, etc. ; makes
i you a new face, with genuine baby skin;
; oil consultation free and confidential, either •
' by mail or person; I will take patients for I
the next 'M days at greatly reduced rates. ¦
j IF this ehould meet the eye of SAMUEL or
ELIJAH FILER their sisters, MARY ANN
Htid ANNA MARIA, are anxious to know
¦ their whereabouts. Address Hlndmarsh
I'. O.. Adelaide, South Australia; English
papers please copy.
j £HOUI.D~this come under the eye of JAMES
j H. O'MEARA or any of his acquaintances
1 will confer a favor on h!s widowed mother
! by aUdreEsinz MRS. M. McEVOY. Wenat-
[ _chee. Chelan County, Washington.
. DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
i rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
1 sore thront. etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 21) years; price 50c Manufactured solely
by ROWELL &. BROWN. 32 Turk St., S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
ar.d itching scalp; no stain or ttlcklness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
ccpt no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
DURING the month of August we will teach
halrdresslng. manicuring, shampooing, scalp
treatment and dermatologist business; terms
reasonable. 524 Ellis, The Iroquois, room 635.
J A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited; strictly con-
fidential. Box 3234, . Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
I . Fkllled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
j Pharmacy, 32$ Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
I RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; aim
j chenille-wove rugs, fillk portiere; dealer in
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 700 Fifth st., Oakland.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
TOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 B0
down and $160 per week. T. BRILLIANT
_FURNITURB CO.. R40 Post St.. near Powell.
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants,J15.
LEON LEMOS, 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite~hair^
dressing parlors) to 615 Market, next Palace.
EEST white lead. 7c per pound; special to
painters. BUTCHER,_741_MIsslon st.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$2r.0. GARIN, i:i3 Montgomery st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 BO; dress pants $2 SO!
Miaflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
jcatarrh. A'VIDA €0^3524 lOth.nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C9 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE~co*tumeii.. play booksT^wlgs;
country order? GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlce of _The Call for the reception
of advertisements Snd subscriptions has been
opened at . 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until .11 p. m.
PAWttlSTBY.
Mrs.Whitney.paImist;hcurs 10 to* 12.2 to S.Sun.;
Thur. eve, readings: admission 15c. 711 Polk.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg., G32 Market at.
PHYSICIANS AOT SUIMJEONS. _
DR C. C. O'DONN'ELL — Offlce and residence,
1021% Market- st.. bet. 6th and-7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of -women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market Bt.
REMOVED— DR.. "WONQ HIM. herb doctor.
¦ treats all ' diseases of the human body; for
past four years at. 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 087 Geary St., near Leavenworth. -
WONG WOO the famous herb do«ior — AH dls-
\ eases cured by. Chinese berba. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG. HON. 3X9 Powell st.,- tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases 'skillfully treated.
• Con.
millinery trimmer ito
Jl^jt^%nolf ly betw ** a 9 "* ll
rallliiwry trimmer.
' BliOSV^*** 11 ° * n<! " *• m ' at UALE
?2J__J*£**»* beclrs Whestlaao." Monday. Au-
ph;.^ 1 for "Pedal rate tickets to-day.
_^l_Pj^gag.NS HOUST. CO . 122 Battery st.
F1 t 1^T*S LAE! !l trimmers, rnakers and apr^n"-
l!«t» *- nt ! (3 . la millinery store. C02 McAl-
GI^ir U 4? 16. years oM. to do light house-
_T ork - UU fork st.. bet. 23O| J. «eth. rear.
W S>^*£ ?? r cerer * T housework. CajTlO toTl^
¦h'IO \a.n e .o st.. corner Octavla.
nD ~ r * ; " ll>h ' T1i oa Ottom made costs;
-—^~L^Il^}J^ oi 304 Tehama bt.
' -*: -*_y ch < "'"'-'e- <=or. L>unc*n & Church sts.
A B 1 *^ 011 ofnc « of Tfc» Call for the reception
ci •ayertisemeit* and sub*crlpUon* has been
cp«ied at- JOCS Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. ta.
" »»»— — -—-_-. -»_» ¦«-»-»-»---_-»________-,
J. EEJLP JWAKTED—aiAliE.
AT C. H. UA2CSSN A~0^'Vcm'^oy^nT AgtT
C^e.. nrvi-ce.-- fcotei. r>_re paid $100
t^fjsjd cook. «_jme p: RC * $70 j
Rhert order cock, sane place $70
Broiler, city $70 j
Ertv:>r. wurtry hotel $45 '
cook, make hot ecke* and
WCff.Ei J W
Kastry cock anfi serond cook, country
l **•» r. ..$6o
. butboya. country hotel, free fare $25
• country restaurant $10
.Walter*, porters, h-Mlbcy* $l5-$4i>
Handy man with t<vl«. country $23
" TOTl N"ETT TUNNEL. NORTH.
Gom*nr.er>, hes^cr-men. trucker*, $2 75-12 00
FX5K !=HASTA COfKTT.
Laborers. w»ec>men. section hands. .$2-f2 25
In laboirrs. pipeline, south $2 25
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agw.ts.
_. -. OJ Bush St.. C42 Clay st.
AN errar/d boy: *-h!s office. C R. HANSEN &
PP.. 428 P.asfc rt.
f A--KACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
Piioee Matn 1191. 63S Commercial st.
SAWMILLS.
?0 labr»rers around yards. $2 flay; 30 laborers '
:i build I'Vg'.rig RR.. *00; 20 boys and young
f\~ ven.'box factories. $50 and fd.: Z. lumber
liters. $80.
•*'¦ Italian laborers, near city, I5e fare, $60.
'Italian brard. rt»«dy work; stableman, |3OJ
sr* T4.; blacksmith's helper, camp, $2 25'
<!s.j ;-.h:rd cook, $35 and fd.
A^AMERirAN~E"MPLOVMENT BUREAU, j
C42 Commercial St.. near Kearr.y.
Phone Su>-h >A». JOHN L. DRECIISLEX
NEW V.'OTiK— ALL SEASON'S JOB. I
12 laborer*, that's you. SI 00 day aad board. '
P"rt free fare tb'.p to-night; 7 laborcre. pipe
•U.*ic, ?2 2S; sfclcfle Jointer. $40 and fd.; (? !
Ubn-yrs. luir.tfr railroad. $40 an* fd.; 5]
iJtr.bcr r*''er». $»0 «r.d fd.: we ehlp to U. S.
• . • Aerator Clark's RR. to-s'.ght; lc mile; near
' Lcs Angeles.
Tivo 'arcrK'rs a%d wives. $50 and found': I
•laborer fcr rr.lre. $2 r*0 day; 2 wtvvichc»<rers 1
,• .for rr.in», $1 60 cord: harness-maker. $2 .V) '
cay: caiyenter?; man about place. $25 and ¦
• *ound; ycuns mar for milk wigon. $15 and
¦; . . fracr.fl; vegevable p*-ddi«-r. $15 and found, :
f«m>ere. SMt and found; teamster, $2 day; j
.¦ • r-ooSce; •natters; kit-hen boy, private family, i
• *2S *nd four.d: and others J. F. CROSETT '
_ & CO.. €2S Saoraia<T.ro st.' I
• AT H0RD~* SMlTirS!
• Crr.tra -tors' Agent*. &5 Third rt.
JVnrh h&Ji&g for planing mill. S3 50.
Fteady wcrk; good country town.
• Pile drivrr foreman. $5.
J -a borers. Mnrter»y County. $2 2S.
• TJiis is a long 3<^b; good climate
10 laborers lor F"re*n.-> Oour?v, $2 25.
T»ipe line, for big oil company.
Laborers for Southern Calif omit. $2.
' frTENOORAPHER. out of city. $75.
!Orooery clerk, out cf city. $4«>.
<Sjl'ectcr tnd o**:e assirtar.t, $40.
Retail grocery solicitor: ability regulates
salary."
«>shier. .bak»ry and restaurant: must have
experience: $7 and meals to start; can work
• \f? to $100 a monih.
THE'NATIONAL EMPLjOTES' RECORD CO..
UM Hearst Building.
'ANDRE'S orSce. 3*7 Stockton Rt. — Cook for
Oj .cbaptrjr boarilr.g-houke. $60: waiter, city, j
* Sio'a week: SwedlfU choreman. private plaoe, 1
• $3/'; porter. $50. etc.
' JT^IIOTEL GAZETTE. 2C M« r.tgomery. r. 12.
• Stewjirfi. -$SO; j>orter aesj runner. $25.
" V.'ANTED— Assistant bookkeeper willing to
. work seven days a w«ek: single ir.«n pre-
ferred; state where fcnserly employed. Bex
S3?.&. Call of nee,
T< 'I"N"O men everywhere, ccr/y ietfrs. home
evpr.lTTFF; (9 50 week; *end address*il »n-
¦j elope for p«rtlculi>ri«. Manager I>epc W'4.
' . box i»n. PbUadelrtia. Pa.
* . VAXT":_0-2 platen yreei feeders on Uni-
versal .embossing preatrf-s. En-.boe£ing Dept.,
Mutual Isabel and Lithe. Co.. Second and
Jjrvart; sts.. Rryyrrt sT entrance.
*.^V*A>iTED — Machine hand who understands
. Tandww and efcij»r and who ran Ket crut
*-*^: doers lad frame*. Suter-Hevener Mill j
. .and Mfg. Co.. Sacramento.
.. Delivery boys from 34 to 17 years 1
*.• of «#. Apply between 8 ar.d 11 a. m. at 1
flALE BROS.'
'- '^VAN-TED— fteadr Al barber: guaranteed $15
p-rr week; apply at once. CHARLES Mc-
;" OOWAN. P:*cer%-ll!e. CaL
. TV'ANTED-^-As?iEtant h^ad waiter for flrst-class
<-«?•- »• state age. ralary expected, previous
Vmpicycr. Box 2S75. Call cfile*.
.BaI'.1;"R — Flrst-c'.ass man: one who is well
..- e«i 1:2 mt<-i;. good wages to right mac Box
. -*~4. C*ll of£c«.
"WANTED — Young S3!~"rr.an. ia<".i»s' furnishing j
.l--:s:r.ess l city: rr.u^t b» ticket writer; etat*
• * £;wriesce. Box 2«7C. Call Ofnce.
• A MAN cf indomitable energy and push, a
jwCd ta'Jcer: e£g»r ca make meney. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478, Parrctt building.
KAN"i'V.n — To b-jy flrst-clays barber fhop cr !
PixkJ lncarion for on*; country preferred. A, I
. ZAXOP - °* 3 Ca?h
MAN !:eip Tnanags Uxht business; $75 month;
.. lit.'e money required. Call 1 US Market, r. 1.
' V.'A?."TEt> — A rr.-jgh carj>ent«ir; f2 per day.
Hex at!40. can.. .
" I?r»T about 1*. exjierienced in carriage black- i
. partly on fcrge. F2S Harrison, st.
.MAN "or territory; $18 week: steady empioy-
. «n_al. Ca!! 1116 Market et.. room 1.
--— .
- r»I<HVTA£HER_waated_at lWT_FoUcm_st.
BA RBEB-- a <t»alr Fhop; no reasonable offer
refused. lCdO Valencia et. :
"WXXTED— E&leamcn. various places: solicit- I
* ort. kalary and r-cniir.iwion: stcre man; nrn '
. J'.r piio: vaitcn R'.id o-.!w. PH- !
' J.nCT E11PLO.VMENT EUHEAU. Iw31 Max-
.fcet st.
MEN to %~am barb-r trade: cnlr eight weeks
m' ' .r^suire-J; eon»ta^t practice ar.d expert Ic-
¦ :=•. ruction: positions secured; special l&duce-
• rr.entl this tr.cnth: cata'.ocue mailed free.
Svftrm Col>gg. CKS nay et.
— Educated g'-r.tlensn who has good I
. Jino»J»Cre or encyclopedia uxrk: saJary Ji' r«>
\-vf year witli si'fitione.l benue: fir»t-class
rtI»-reru*«_reQu:te<:. Box WZU. Call ofrtce. j
IJAP."liF.R »bop fcr. sale; two chair?; little way
-out in cour.tr>-; for rr.an ar.d family only; j
' t .'• fo".5r lirtrg rsotas in back. 2416 Sau Bruno
• I raafi.
\VANTET>— Ceborem and mechanics to know
"t;--at Ed I'.oli!'.. r ".roo Hoii£e proprietor. h«s |
r1-l»d 100 t_»tv rooms to '.he Denver Hr.ux. j
"1*7 Tciird et. : ~O roorr.t: HZc to 50c per night. I
"WANTED — Men end women to prepare fcr :
. Government positions. Apply for fre« cata- '
logtie firing particu!arn. Pacific Correspond- !
encV Institute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Vro*. Co. School of Practical
' . V,uo\b'.ZiK: »«c5 for catalogue. Address 4973 -5
r»Ffj-. «ve.. St. '.-. 51o.
• •KOI* pJcklr.g begins Wfc-ttland Monday. Au-
gust f. call fsr rpec'al rate tickets to-day.
• r.' 'CT^U^IENS II'JRST CO.. 122 Cattery eL
ERR*AND bey »«r;ed; must have references;
rtea<Jy pcrttJon and advancement for right
• boy. KIRK. GEARY & CO.. 112 Geary St.
"TRY our tnen'e shoes. ur.Icn made at gl and
" $1 CO pair: foct-fcm: «hoe* at $2 5O; we pay
express or mall charge*. 11 3d st..Exam. bid.
ERRAND bey arid to help around drug store;
give fcge. l»cx 2*72. CaJl effice.
r«r>Y warted lc tailor store, with references.
*'->8 Stwrkton et.
:ai-EARBCR Eh'-p for »<aie. Address C JOR-
•• 2>AN, Kt. tee'.ena, Ca;.
' ' W ANTEr>^r.zr^rier,cea rr.arj or bey to peddle
trult. Call ac?. Nfctpy.a »t., 7 o'clock.
EARDEH Truntfd to rvn or buy nhcp; cheap;
. • account other btnlneee. Apply Call office.
EaMFR chop for tiaie: 2 chair*: irood location:
housekeeping rooms rear. 1»38 Mleslon et.
• JfAKHER ehep for aale on account cf sickness.
'. Apply a&SS M'.stlon «t.
T^ACO^ debts collected; rslts. attachments.
. Law «nd Adjustment Co.. 328 Montxy..r. 41&.
TO T J?CO man to Jeam bsrber trade; paid wb!U
lersirtg. B. P*. Barber Collet:-.. f«lA Hcnrard.
SAILORS and yo-r.g men rgrees haads)- tor
ehlps. HALLSERT. KIT Jackson st
rCNSION Atty.. E-A-Bullls. r.40. Phelaxt'bldg.
Tact Con. Oca II. Tbomas Post. O. A. R.
BBAI. ESTATE— CrTT—rOB SALE. |
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET
$18,500 — Post st., through to a rear street; 63 :
foot frontage; 3 large houses facing on
Post Et and 2 rear cottages; rents $135
ptr month; mortgage $10,000.
$17,750— Great reduction from original price.
Hayes et., near Lacuna, 55 feet
through to a rear street; 7 substantial i
2-story dwellings; permanently rented
at $146 per month. The property Is be- j
ing sold to close an estate. An extra- j
ordinary chance for a safe Investment j
and room for speculation. ' j
$17,000— 50- foot frontage on Tehamav st. : 9/,
beautiful flats containing 3-4-5 rooms; i
permanently rented at $143 per month; j
well worth investigation.
$13,000 — Flllmore-st. flats; brand new 7 rooms, i
with salon parlors, beamed and paneled !
walls and ceilings In the dining-room;
combination gas and electrlo light fix-
tures porcelain tubs; front of outside
finished with pressed brick; rent $120 .
per month. j
$15.000— California St.. 5o-fcot frontage; 2 old
residences of S rooms each aad wash- I
room; rent $60 per month. |
$10.900 — 3 elegant new modern flats of 6-6-7 I
rooms and porcelain bath; rents $1230 I
per annum; Pacific Heights; with un- [
excelled marine view: sunny side of (
street: mortgage $6000 at 6 per cent;
must oe seen to be appreciated. j
$7,000— 20th st.. not far from Dolores; houya j
of 8 rooms and bath; porcelain tubs; j
3 mantels; basement. J
$5.000 — Mission comer; 51-foot frontage;
large "L" oft lot; beautiful residence !
thereon; 7 rooms and bath; a perfect .
beauty; well worth your consideration, j
$5,000— Investment south of Market: 4' fiats ;
of 4 rooms and bath each; rents $48 mo.
$3.500— Greenwich st.. 1% -story cottage of 3 |
rooms and porcelain bath; rent $20 per |
month: lot 25x100 feet. ;
$2.850— Magnificent cottage of 8 rooms and;
porcelain bath: beautiful surroundings; |
sunny belt of Mission.
$1.250— A building lot on Ashbury it. run- j
nlng through to Tremont ave.: 20-foot
frontage; unsurpassed view.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO/.
633 Market street.
3 NEW, modern flats. 6 room each: rent $1260
per annum; lot 25x100; north s!d« Frederick
Bt' between Ashbury and Clayton; price $11,- ,
| 500. Apply J. H. KRUSE. 23d and Shotwell. [
3 NEW. modern flats. 6 rooms each; rent $1170
per annum; lot 25x100; north side Fulton St., j
between Cole and Shrader; price $10,500. Ap- j
ply J. H. KRUSE. 23d and Shotwell Pts. ;
j ' ' ' ; j
i ______ j
$1 25 PER week: no Interest: lots in the Ex- |
i celsior Homestead Tract: alt level: no grad-
Ing to do- ready to build your little boms
I on; close to electric cars and school.
* W. J. WHITE.
! 28 Montgomery St.. room 8.
$1250— COTTAGE. 5 rooms; on Lundy lane; :
¦ $1200. cottage, 4 rooms, lot 26x120; Sliver !
ave. ; $1000, cottage, 4 rooms. Lundy lane, :
snap- $700 down and $25 mo., cottage, 6 r. |
j and 'b. D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission, j
• S NEW fiats of 6-6-7 rooms; grand marine i
j view; these flats are finished in the very
! latest; panel dining-rooms, fresco ceiling, ¦
! etc. Owner. 8?2 Chestnut st. j
' FOR sale or lease— Modern house, 10 rooms;
i sunny; attractive interior. Box 23C5, Call .
office; tel. Stelner 30. j
NEW colonial house, containing 2 flats of 5
rooms and reception hall: artistically deco- ]
rated; $5400; lot 37x05. B st. and 4th ave. •
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL- |
s BACH & MAYER, plumbers. S30 Howard st. j
| A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call, j
' IC pac»s. in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year ,
! POINT BICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
4 LOTS, cheap fcr cash. 323 Bush St.. third ¦
floor, room 4. '
MENLO PABK BEAX , ESTATE. . j
i $200 PER acre — Two 8-aere and one 4-acre '
• tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good ;
I roads; last of this property lert; V* cash. '
; Menlo Park — A.' fine country home, with I
splenJld garden and magnificent trees; well i
built, old-fashioned house in good condition; I
for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved. !
' Fair Oaks — Land In best part of this dls- ,
trlct: well sheltered and wooded: In tracts of ;
from 4 to 25 acres: special terms to those j
building Immediately. ;
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Telephone Main 073. 110 California St. |
| SEAL ESTATE — COUNTS'? — For Sale, j
ONE-ACRE lets at Mountain View. Santa
Clara County; $400 for Inside. $450 for
corners; streets graded; water on each lot: .
only 7% blocks from main street; partial pay-
, ments; near station; convenient to Stanford
| University; good schoolc and choice neighbor-
hood; write for map and full particular!.
WALTKK A. CLARK. Mountain View. Santa
I Clara County. Cal. j
ALFALFA land*, stock ranches, orchards. I
I vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata- {
j logues tent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. •
i 648 Market st. ;
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. !
I lfl pipes. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per vear
| HEAL ESTATE TO EZCHAHQE. j
i REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY,
i F. A. BARIU MANAGER. |
1 SUITE 807-808 CALL BUILDING. •¦
It is frequently the case that a party wishes i
¦ to sell hl» hoMing* for the purpose of reinvest- ¦
! ing the proceeds In a different kind of property, i
j Our long experience in this businesi enables
! us to often accomplish this double purpose by
i <Jnly one transaction. The only condition we
make is that your property, if you wish us to
dl«po»e of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily .
I mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If it has merit, whether you own real estate ,
: or a mercantile or manufacturing business. ;
bring a description of eam« to our offlce »tat-
Ing what kind of property you prefer in ex- ¦
, change, and you will be surprised ho-sc quickly |
I we can effect the result.
I THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER- !
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are .
the only company in San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad- '
i vertlslng or any other purpose unless we pro- '
i cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac- ,
I cept. ¦
J FINE country homes to exchange for Oakland, j
j Alameda or Berkeley property. P. C. LAS- f
' SEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal. j
ALAMEDA ADYERT'S'MTS
! ALAMEDA BEAI. ZSTATS.
FOR eale — Double-flat house, 4 rooms, bath; '
j pantry each floor; separate entrance; also a
| 4-room cottage, bath, pantry; rents $3S.
! 2154 Alameda ave.. Alamedn: rari bargain, i
FKUITVALE ADVERT ? STS|
! rBUITVALE BEAI. ESTATE.
: CHAS. F. LEE Phone Vale 266.
Offlce, one-half block from Frultvale station. :
$1000 — New cottage of 4 rooms; finished
i basement; . good barn; chicken-house with
i incubator; quantity of young fruit trees;
; rich garden eoll; fine spring of water: near
! large school and electric cars; lot 100x100;
1 will take $200 cosh, balance $15 monthly:
I . owner compelled to leave, hence this great
; sacrtflce.-
! CHAS. F. LEE, 1222 Frultvale ave.
'FOR sale — $2750; It cost ?375O; rents for $20
. per month; 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S, S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
O" ICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$200 CASH, $10 monthly; only $38 per lot for
16 lots; more land adjoining if wanted; all
1 covered with full-bearing fruit trees; sandy
loam soil: ideal location; near cars and
school; no fogs nor ccld winds here; If you
are looking for a desirable home site let us
take you to this property; adjoining East
; -Oakland; call or send for circular, 455 7th
St.. opp. Broadway station, Oakland; car-
riage. H. Z. JONES, land owner. •
. $1400 — COTTAGE of five rooms; lot 40x140: one
block from the Piedmont-ave. station of
! tho Key Route: very pretty location and
1 '- : .-i ; near school: must be sold; place ought to
sell for $2000. but owner must have
money; ; terms $300 cash, balance mort-
' gage; Just 32 minutes on the Key Route
to San Francisco.
J. 8. MYERS.
; 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
i $2000 — HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x101;
tank and windmill. 101S Twenty-fourth st.,
Oakland. Cal. -
• $2200— ATTRACTIVE cottage. 5 r. and b. ;
basement, gas. lawn, fruit trees; '40x120;
» . pear Telegraph ave. and Key route. 5C7 S6th.
OAK3-A1TP HOTTBES TO LET.
" FURNISHED, for rent— Lakeside district: one
of the choice homes of Oakland; 14 rooms;
elegantly appointed; beautiful grounds; will
. lease for one year< at $1BO per month, 'Includ-
ing 'services of; gardener; water to.be paM
V by* tenant: this is an unusual opportunity;
r best references required.
Apply to the E. P. VANDERCOOK CO..
. \ 1016 Broadway, Oakland.-
OAKLAND rtTSNITURE 7OB SALE.
t> TO-MORROW the day for bargains in ¦ furnl-
¦ , ture. ' H. Schellhaas.lHh st.,cor.« tore.OakJaad.
_^^g^yBgATE^^
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electrlo
cars; 45 minutes from Sth and Market; sewer
and water pipes to each lot; electric, lights,
etc.; 50-foot lots from $325 to $400: terms.
$10 down and $10 a month; get off at •'Lomtta
Park" and investigate; maps eent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
»~- - Tel. Main 673. 118 California st.
books tok HousEKEEPnra. §S
BRADY, 6, two doors from Market, near 12th
— Sunny housekpg. ; large yard; $7 and $10.
EDDY. 617— Front and back parlors, complete;
reasonable to permanent parties; others $7 up
FOURTH. 225 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631— Pleasant furnished
rooms; nice location; reasonable prices. Call.
GOLDEN GATE. 633— 8lng. front rooms, light
hskpg., for limited number; $S; other rms.$3.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $15.
HOWARD, B22 — Suite housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 1971 — Unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; new, light and all modern conven-
iences.
JESSIE 833 — Large sunny front room, fur-
nished housekeeping: gas range: $3 50 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Fine—
' Eunny. furnished 3-room suits; steam heat-
*d. electric lighted; free bath»; rates reas.
LAGUNA. 1027—3 sunny rooms; complet* for
housekeeping.
LARKIN. S04 — Eunny single back room;
housekeeping if desired; $5 month.
LEAVENWORTH, 221— Housekeeping rooms.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gats
eves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; rea*.
MARKET. 1654 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
MARKET. 1324 — Nicely furnished sunny con-
necting bay-window housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 328 — 2 housekeeping rooms and use of
parlor. $10; also single rooms.
MINNA, 514— Housekeeping room« to let
NATOMA, 615— Housekeeping room or single.
OAK, 117. C3S McAllister — Rooms, compute;
$5 to $12; gas range, hot bath: adults.
OAK. 407 — $4 month: bath; eunny and dean.
See Sundays or 6 p. m. week days.
O'FARRELL. 1394-1395—2 or 3 nicely furnished
eu»ny, front housekeeping rooms.
PEARL, 3. cor. Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms, 511-13; phone; r.o children.
POLK. 917 — Sunny furnished room for house-
keeping; gas stove.
POST, 962^ — Nicely furnished sunny front suite;
gas, bath, phone, water; complete-; $14 month.
SIXTH 215H — 4 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping to let.
SOL'TH PARK. 137— 2 cr 3 nicely furnished
sunny, front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
STANYAN. 1111 — Upper floor. 4 large unfur-
nished room*; bath, pantry; rent reas. ;adulta.
TAYLOR. 515B — Two lovely furnished house-
keeping rooms •'. the beach.
THE Virginia, 1005 Powell St.— Complete for
hskpg. ;furn.or unfurn.apartmts: bay window;
marine view; bath, range. Phone Red 802.
TURK. 1147 — Elegant new suites: unfur., sun-
ny; view Jefferson Square; choice location.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 2521. opp. new carhouse—
Light housekeeping reborns for rent.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3174— Housekeeping rooms
to rent.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367— Housekeeping fur-
nished room. $5; near three car lines.
VALLEY". 61. above San Jose ave. — 3 sunny I
rooms with yard.
VAN NESS ave., 37 — 2 rooms to let: $1 75 and
$3 \>er week; suitable for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave. 232— Fur. housekeeping, sin-
gle and 2-room suites; $6. $10. $16. $18.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch ofnce.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call Tor the reception |
of advertisements and subscriptlor.s lias been
rpened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
APABTMENT HOUSE3.
A— CHESTERFIELD. 637 Bu.«n— New Modern
house; 3-4 room spts.: furn. or unfurn.; rea.
A— Whltefield. 122S McAllister; elegant sunny
unfurn. apartments; very desirable; adults.
A— OCTAVIA. 1423— Most select apartment
house in city; 3-4 rooms; elegantly furnished.
BELGRAVIA APTS.. POLK. NR. CLAY— 2-1
r. ; $15 up; gas stoves; baths; tel. Polk 1905.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts. ; phone Pr. Ex. 443.
ST. LOUIS. 1C75 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. cr unfurn.: refg. Tel. Eaat 1350.
BOOMS TO IJBT— rurn. amfl Trnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth «t.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 23c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
AIILBORN HOUSE, 323 Grant ave.. S. V.—
100 rooms; 35c day up; $1 CO week up.
BELMO.VD House, over Owl drugstore. 2 en-
trances. 1120 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to SOc per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. 931 — Niceiy furnished rooms; stngla or
en suite; reasonable.
BUSH. 1006, cor. Jones — Large and small
sunny corner rooms; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 151ii— Newly furnished sunny
alcove suite, with running water.
CLEMENTINA, 502. cor. Eighth, bet. Howard
and Folsom — Two rooms to let; $5.
CRAGBURN (The). 1007 LarklnT cor. Post.—
! Sunny nicely furnished rooms; single, en
suite, housekeeping- apartments; running
water, baths: rates reasonable.
EDDY. 110— Launston — Nice furnished rooms;
good location: respectable; reasonable.
EDDY, 432 — 2 fine sunny rooms; elegantly fur-
ntshed; sslendid location; reasonable.
EDDY. 1740 — Furnished rooms; sunny; cars
pass door; modern.
ELEVENTH. 21— Sunny rooms, furnished ov
unfurnlshed; running water; references.
ELLIS, 10C2— Elegsint furnished room; cheap.
ELLIS. 1885 — Furnished sunny room. $6.
FELL, 256 — 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms, wlLi
bathroom; renovated.,
! FRANKLIN. 721. near O. O. ave. — Sunny fnr-
I nlshed front rooms; all conveniences; $11&$1X
' FURNISHED or unfurnished rooms, with, or
without housekeeping; alao rooms with board;
I full particulars; no charges. Room Renting
Advertisers. 117 Sutter st. ; office In rear of
j store upstairs.
GEARY, 664 — Front apartments, three rooms;
very fine; gas. bath, phone.
GEARY. 936. near Larkin — Neatly furnished
room, large clothes closet, convenient wash-
room; suitable for one or two gentlemen;
good location; easy walking distance from
the business center. • . - ¦'¦
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $3 wk.; readlng-rm.
HARRISON. 830H — A sunny front room. $8.
f HOWARD, 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint — Furnished
rooms; $4 and $5 per month.
JONES, 919. near Bush— A very desirable sun-
' n y room, all conveniences ; gentleman.
| LA BRANCH House. 1220 Powell— Clean and
' quiet furnished rooms. $1 week and up.
LAGUNA. 1603— A furnished upstairs room;
rent $5 per month.
MARKET, 1049A,Tbe Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water: elevator: $2 to $7.
j MARKET. 1654 — Furnished rooms to let.
MONTGOMERY. 131 — Several nicely furnished
sunny front - room*; ras, water, grates;
reasonable^ ______________________
PINE 1733, nr. Franklin — 1. 2 or 3 room
suites; all conveniences; reasonable.
POST. $.<<o — Large furnished room; bath; 1 or 2
gentlemen; references. •
POLK. 917 — A nicely furnished room for two
gentlemen; reasonable.
POST. 9C2— Exceptionally nl£« - sunny front
rooms, every convenience, very desirable.
$3 to $15. - ¦
POWELL, 509— Two sunny slxtgla nocms for
¦ gentlemen. .
POWELL, 1014— Rooms to let; furnished.
_gEIJ» WAHTjEP— MAI.E— Contlnnad.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
Phone Main SS4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French, Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
' Danish laniruages.
10«l We Gave 1901 We Hope to
CO, COO Men Work. Increase CO.OCO.
Up has arrived Now at our office.
Representative of the United States
Government work being dene close to
Wads worth, in Btate cf Nevada.
Cost only $1 office fee. See boss.
Muckers. $75. Sea dob*.
Teamsters ?T5. See bo!««.
Lalx>rers. $75 See boas.
Drillers. $30. Pee boss.
Concrete mixer* $7.V See boss.
BLACKSMITHS.
12 blacksmith*, different Jubr.. $3 to $4 day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
12 cook«. d!f.>rent rlace?, $30. $50, $C0.
«i waiters $30 to $40 found.
12 diFhwashers. $fi. $7. $s week.
Laundrycian, Institution. $40.
4 porters 2 bellboys.
LUMBER COMPANIES. ETC.
Head lineman, woods. $75 found.
Ehtngle Jointer, country. $35 and found.
6 iron molders.
12 coopers, slack work. »teady,10c barrel.
Gang charcoal burners, 10c to 15c sack. i
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. *"0. ?3T.. $40 found.
12 farmer-. *3O and found.
14 rhoremen. boys. $3<» to $15 found.
12 stablemen. $-!0 found. $00. $75.
4 farmers ar.d wives. $40 $50. fCO found.
LOOK— STEADY JOUS.
20 laborers, lumber co.. you'lj do, $60.
2o section laborers, lumber co., $2 day.
{special fare. Special R. R. car.
25 BOYS OR YOUNG MEN.
Planing mil!, box factory, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. C14-636 Clay st.
A^T6~Lbs~ANGELES 54 CO.
r»y Santa Fe R. R-, 8 p. m. flally. I
ir>5 teamsters, $60.
The land of sunshine, fruit and flowers. !
Highland. Red'.ar.ds. Riverside. |
Pomona, center of orange and lemon groves, i
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. j
A— 1S5 WOODCIIOPPERS. '
Tinsmith. 8-hour Jnb. $3 CO day.
2 plumb»rs. free fare. $4 day.
2 starch ironers. country laundry, $12 week.
SCANDINAVIANS.
10 laborers, lumber, go to-day, $35 found.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
! TWO experienced men for bottling works. $2
day.
BOYS.
5 boys box factory, small boys. $1 to $1 25
a day. ;
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. !
j TWO camp waiters. $25 and f»und.
Porter, hotel mine town. $25 and found.
OREGON BORDERS.
23 laborers r.o experience required. $60.
I Man and wife, orchard, wife cook, far* re-
funded $T.5 and found.
: MURRAY &. READY. 634636 Clay st.
i A- 1S5 ITALIAN laborers. $<50.
155 Austrian laborers. $C0.
; MURRAY & READY. 834-638 Clay st.
I TWO haybalers. hecvy crop. 15c ton.
Hodcarrier. fare Jl $3 50 day.
SPECIAL. ,
Pastry cook, first-class country hotel, $75. j
Pantryman, first -claes city hotel, $25 found, i
Slaughter-house butcher, feed hogs. $.10 fd. I
OIL FIELDS. i
10 laborers $67 50. , 1
BANKING SYNDICATE. :
25 loborfrs. bo experience, you'll do. $87 50. i
MURRAY & READY, C34-C36 Clay st.
FOUR machine miners 8-hour shift. $3 day.
MARRIED FARMER.
Yolo County, fare $1 90. good Job. $50 found.
Farmer act as foreman;* * lumber pliers. $00. j
Young man. order wagon, butcher. $10 week. ¦
2 furuace men. mine. $40 and found. ;
10 Ita'.iar.s, ranch, $2tJ and found; polisher
and lrcner. country laundry. $15 week.
Gar.g edgerman. fa'xrr.ill San Mateo, $50 fd.
25 ITALIANS.
25 ItR'.iar. laborers for lumber co.. north.
MURRAY & READY,. 634-63^ Clay St.
BOY take orders handle horses. $20 and fd.
Boy bakerv, faire $2 20. $25 ani found.
MURRAY & READY. CC4-C30 Ciay -t.
gold'quartz mine.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE
AT OCR OFFICE ALL DAY.
4 band miners, $75.
8 machine miners. »S2 50.
5 chuck tenders. $75.
10 shovelers (mine work), $67 50.
1 shoveler (top work). $C0.
1 repair man. $S2 50.
1 bucket damper. $75.
TOTAL T»3 MEN.
Board ar.d lodsrirg. $22 M>: nn blankets j
w*nted; baths and readi jig-rooms free.
MURRAY & READY.
631 and 636 Clay rt.
TO-DAY— TO- DAT— TO-DAY.
CATTLE BUTCHERS.
KNIFE MEN.
Free fare. Free fare.
EAST.
Non-union Men Only Wanted.
FkiUed cattle butchers, Floormen,
or Slden. Splitters.
r.umpen Backers.
Hide dro'ppera. Firemen,
Er.Sln*.-r£, and other help.
ONLY
Experienced and competent, willing to elgn
contract, with good baggags, yourself sub-
1 5?ct to careful inspection, expecting no snaps.
u-iUlng to go anywhers we send you. call at
our offlce at once.
WAGES
S5 day aad found. Thafs business.
$2 50 day and found. That's all.
OMAHA. CHICAGO. KANSAS CITY.
And Other Eastern Points.
MURRAY & READY.
Once in our time there Is a man.
(With apologies to Rudyard Kipling.)
I Oh ye who hold the hidden strings
That bring the worklngnian to time,
' That force him to unlawful things.
And taint his hands with heinous crime;
Beware: Beware! Time's cycle brings
Rewards mnst Ftrange. 'Tls Nature's plan.
For every wrong she finds a man.
Proud in the greatness of your strength.
Blind In the pride that nears a fall.
i Your lnf.uer.ee drafrs its wearing. length.
And throws its shadow o'er us all.
Again beware! 'Tls Nature's plan.
For every wrong the finds a man. . ;
Clothed with a little transient power.
Borne on the crest of passing wrong.
Tou briefly strut your little hour.
Crushing the weak; fearing the- strong.
Ignorant fools — since time began
| Fcr every wrong, there comes a man.
I The man is here, you know the place.
Where labor eeeks for honest toil.
I Where boycotters their steps retrace
And labar grafters seek t« foil
H!« ruphir.g trade by evil plan.
No longer search: no further scan.
Ore in our time, there is the man.
—WHO?
6 men pitch grain, harvest field. $43 found.
* Ycung' man. city, coal yard $2 day.
! Tf-jaraster. city, good Job. $2 day.
2 teamster*. Saul hoy. fare $2 50. $30 found.
. f • LOOK.
Cook, hay press. $25 found,
i Ward orderly. Institution. S25 found. :•;..¦
Cook for ranch, fare $25 found,
batcher &0c fare. $S0 to $:;5 found.
„ Klevatnr boy. No. 1 Job, $25 to $30 and room.
Boy 10 years, carpet warehouse. $6 week..
LOOK.
Bicycle repairer; blacksmith helper, no shoe-
Ehlegier. R5c fare. $1 60 per M.
Wheelwright, Government work, bess here,
t«0 and found.
2 foremen. Government work, boss here, $!>5
and 'v-r.S.
CARPENTERS.
12 bridge carr>ent<?rs, $3 day.
C house carpenters, city. $¦'* to $3 CO flay.
4 her., h han<ls, pl«r.lns mills. «-1 50 day.
MURRAY &. READY. C34-C33 Clay st.
BAILORS and ord'nary seamen for all parts of
the world st HERMAN'S, 27 Steuart it. ,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 room; Sic night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage- to and from terry.-
A ERANCH orflce of The Call for the reception
. cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 n. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch cffice.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
ALL eises ruen's B hoes, slightly damaged, half
jjrlce. SC3 Mission st., bet. let and 2d sts.
GET your nhnen half -soled while waiting; 25c
tr> T<Qr. S'fl MlfiMfln St.. bet. 1st and 2d its.
HELP WAKTED— SOLICITORS.
Al LADY cr gent solicitor; splendid induce-
ments. Call 6 to S p. m.. 224 Callaghan bldg.
HOBSES^AITD WAOONB.
JUST arrived from Oregon; car load broken
horses from 1000 to 1200 lbs. ; at Santa Roea
fctock and Sale Yards, 147T Market St.. cor
Eleventh. TKOS. BONNER & CO.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surreys, tyaggies. carts and harness; at 1144
rolgom.gt. _^ _^
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round ; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S.F.Andrew Keefe.a driver j'of 25 Clem
entina street, "was treated last night
at the Central Emergency. Hospital £or
wounds on the head. , Keefe claims
that he was held up by three men'and
robbed of $7 50 about; midnight at
Sixth and Brannan streets. Keefe did
not see "his assailants, but says that
he was drinking with three* men pre
vious to ; the hold-up ; and .¦ thinks they
are the men that assaulted. him.
Held Up and' Beaten.
The Chevra Gomilus Chasodim
(Free Loan Association) celebrated
its seventh anniversary at 121 Eddy
street yesterday ; by public^ installation
of new officers. S.Altfleld was made
president: K. Gordon, vice president:
D. Lande, loan secretary; J. Gold
stein, membership secretary, and L.
Abrams, secretary. ;The new. trustees
are I. Novinskey/M.Blackfleld, -M. A.'
Rappen, L. Levitin, H.;S. ¦ Arnheim;. J.
Silverman, -V. Hechter. Rev. M. S.
Levy, Julius Kahn, Herman Gutstadt
and I. J. Arnheim were speakers -of
the evening. The • object of the asso
ciation is Ho render, free: financial as
sistance to Hebrews in difficulties.
Install Xew Officers.
NEW .YORK— Arrived Aug. 3— Stmr Nubian,
from Glasgow: stmr 6?t Paul, from Southamp
ton and Cherbourg; stmr Sardinia, from Genoa
and. Naples, _
Sailed -Aw; 3 — Stmr Teutonic, ror Liverpool;
stun- Helllff Olav, for Chrietlansand and
Copenhagen. , „ • • . . .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Iberian,
from Boston, for Manchester; stmr Oceanic,
from Ntw York, via Queejistown.' "
1 Sailed Aug li — Stmr Majestic, for New York,
via Qneenstown.
LONDON— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Ontario,
from -'Montreal; stmr Oxonian, from Mon
treal. •
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Aur
anla, from New York, for Liverpool. .
Sailed Aus ."— Stmr Saxonia. for Boston. -
GENOA — Sailed Aug 1 — Stmr Lombardla.
for New York. •
: Arrlved'Aug 3 — Stmr Prlns Oscar, from New
York, via Naples. ' - -
DOV*:R— Arrived Au«r 3— Stmr Graf Wal
dcrnee.-from N«w York, for Hamburg. -
. CHERBOURG— Sailed . Auk C— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhe.lm derOrosse. from Bremen and South
ampton, for New York. . .
¦TRIESTE— Sailed Aug. 3 — Stmr Ultonia via
Flume.- for . :
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug * 3— Etmr Rynland,
for Philadelphia.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 3— Stmr Sonoma,
for Sydney.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Aug 3— Stmr Newbur*.
for San Francisco.
SKATTL.E— Sailrd Auj a — Stmr Portland,
for Unga.
ISLAND PORT.
DOMESTIC TORTS.
ARRIVED,
Wednesday, August 3.
Stmr MasKie, Cornlnsr, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr : Homer. < Donaldson,-' 4 days from
Olyinpla; bound for Redondo; put In for pas
sengers.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
HAVE NARROW ESCAPE.— A carriage con
taining Councilman Pendlcton of Oakland and
sis sister was struck by a car at the corner
of Post and Leavenworth streets yesterday
atternoon. The vehicle was demolished, but
its occupants escaped with a few brulws.
The subject of Professor Gummere's
talk dealt chiefly with the old English
and Scotch ballads and their similar
ity lo those of modern times. In. a
particular instance this noticed of
the work of Kipling; whose style was
perfected by continuous reading of
the old ballads.
Besides holding a chair at Haver
ford Professor Gummere is the author
of a book entitled "Beginning of Po
etry."
The third 7 lecture of the summer
school series under the auspices of the
University of California was held at
Mechanics' Pavilion last night. Dr.
Francis Burton Gummere, professor
of English at Haverford College, lec
tured on "The Popular. Ballads of Tra
dition." The lecture was well attend
ed, but some objection was made by
the audience to its shortness. Many
thought the lectures were entirely too
short for the interesting subjects cov
ered and wished that cither the lec
tures be lengthened or more lectures
instituted.
l'rofpssor Gummcre Talks on Old
IJallads of Tradition at Mechan
ics' Pavilion.
SUMMER SCHOOTi GIVKS
ITS THIRD I.ECTUKE
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L..22S0 'JG50 ISav & L, So. — 100
Hum S &. L,.' — — |Spc? Rav Bk.375 4W)
Mutual Sav.K>» 105 | Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.»XX> C50 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — COO I Presidio — 45
Geary — — I g
POWDER.
Giant 60>,£ 61 14? Vlgorft — 5
SUGAR., *
Hana P Co.. — 20c IKilau^a S C. — :5
Hawaiian C. 52 63 IMakawoli C.. 23 24
Honokaa S O ll'li 12 j Onomca S C. 24 "7\i
Hutch S P C b — tPasuhau S C. lo 13iJ
MISCELLANEOUS..
Alaska P A'.l^ti'^ — lOceanlc S Co. — 415
Cal V O A. — 100 Fac Aux KA. 4U —
Cal Wine A. — feS |Pac C Borx. — 157
MVfc MtTm.100
SALKS.
Morning Session.
Board —
25 A".aa!;a Packers' Association. . .12« 75
!<• .\la.-i;ji Packers' Association. . .127 c0
in I'Krlfic Coast li<jiax~ 15.V00
¦ 5 Pacific Coas.t Corax ]«">."> fi()
Bo Spring Valley U'a^er Co ;:7 iw>
¦ 115 Spring Valioy Water Co a*J !>P,3
Afternoon S?cs?:on.
Hoard —^
2(« Alaska I'arUcrs* AFsocialion. . .12S f>0
PO Central Light and i'oivtr :: r>0
20 Hutchinson 8 P Co s in
o0 t; K Gas & Klectric «i 00
Sl.C:w> Ktw Angclts liy I, per cent. .. .11.". 2.">
M.(X«> Sac Elect Gas & Ry fis })0 75
Jj.<if.O S P of Arizona (1910) los 75
$lu,uw S P of C Cs <13O5. Series A) MM 2.>
Street —
$2,000 Bay Counties Power Co ."S....102 00
*r.,(*O Cal Oca Gas & Eieo 5s 102 00
11,000 Oakland Transit Con f.s 103 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask
Bay CPC 6i. — t».t |SF & NP 5.1. 10a ' — '
B I, Wat Cj. — 117 |S I* C U 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5»..1C9»; — |K P Co 4'ie.lOOi; —
M C Wat r.f.100 — IKan Tel 0s... — J04
Ris I Wks Os — 10^ iSuttcr-Et Ruse 105 113
SF Drdk r*. — 1L3V41UR of HK 4?. Si MV.
MISCELLANEOUS fcTOCKS.
Ala S Co... 25 30 |M«t Nav Co.— 00
Amer Dls Co — 90 |Xev Nat Bk.ia.V
Cal Cot Mils SO — (N S II R Co. OVi
Cal G&ECor. 4» M |N Cal P Co — 10
C Jockey OJ.110 120 |c»ak Hk Sav.120
Cal Powder.. — l.V) I Oak T Con.. 75
Cal Sb!p Co. — 2S |K)OK Hall A 0 —
Cal T I & T.115 — "Orphfium Co.. — 151/
Cen Bk. C{ak — 65 PacC. Cas Co.130
Chutes Co .. — 7 Pao 8 Tel Co.102 la 1 } •
City *C Bk — 120 Pai: Sur Co. 105
Cyo L Imp.. — ¦ 7 tParaf Paint.. 38
East Dynm.. — 27O ir }.• Orydock. CO —
DpntPwd pfd — S5 ISFAPJ Coal. — 25
I)o com .. — 50 IK J Wat Co. — io«
FN Bk. OaW.120 — r,O & MTj?bt.l2fi - —
Fischer Thtr — Wk;|Sw1m-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.lfifi J10 ITruck Elect.. 11 —
Oas Cnn A., in 20>4)UH InC pfd. 4S*: _
Hono P Co.. 20 21 I Do com .. 11 12W
Lont SF Bk — «0 j ' "
SALES.
Mornlns Session.
Board —
*„. IS?. r. aclfic Statcs Tel & Tel Co.. IOC CO
Slft.OTO Ijnited R R of S F 4 Mr cent. S.| 75
flO.000 United R R of S F 4 ptr cent. 84 00
Afternoon Session.
Hoard —
•¦ 10* United R R Inv Co pfd 48 R7U
!!'£? R R of S F 4 per cent, si 25
• $l •%£. V n , lto<1 rt R of S F 4 per cent. St 12%
$10,000 Cal Northwestern Ry 5s 110 00
: • Street — -
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 84 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
OH stock— . Bid. Asked.
Apollo .,-... ' 4(j-
Associated Trust Cert ...... *19 20 '
Charles L. Davis, formerly of the
San Francisco Savings Union, but for
the past year in chaige of the exchange
department of the San Francisco Na
tional Bank, has been appointed assist
ant cashier of the latter Institution.
Fred H. Gilman, Pacific Coast repre
sentative of the American Lumberman,
arrived from Seattle yesterday and is
staying at the Palace.
Governor George R. Carter of Ha
waii and wife, who have been visiting
the East, returned yesterday and are
at the St. Francis. * . - ¦-•,- ¦?
Dr. E. O. Bryant and wife of Loa
Angeles are at the St. Francis.
C. A. Smith, a wealthy lumberman
of Minneapolis, is at the St. Francis.
Edwin Palmer, secretary of the Pal
mer House of Chicago, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
"William Graham, a well known oil
man of- Santa Barbara, and wife are
registered at the St. Francis.
JohnJ. Byrne, general passenger
agent of the Santa Fe road, is up from
Los Angeles and registered at the St.
Francis. • ¦ ~ / ' "- :¦..
C. P. Bagg of the navy and wife are
at the St. Francis.
PKttSONAL.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued lYom Pago Thirteen.
The allied branches of the local
butchers affiliated with Union No. 115
have selected 310 O'Farrell street as
the permanent location for their head
quarters. At a meeting last night the
report of the finance committee for
the year ending July 31, 1904, was re
reived and concurred in. The sum of
$3000 75 was paid out during the year
in donations and benefits. The report
of the joint executive board for the
month of July was accepted. The elec
tion of officers was laid over one
month. A committee from Oakland
Butchers' Union No. 120 addressed
the members.
Branch No. 5, Sheep Butchers, met
last Tuesday and a resolution was
adopted fining members $25 who are
found bringing intoxicating liquors
into the Butchertown headquarters,
512 Railroad averjue, or drinking: the
same at headquarters. ' J. Lagrave was
appointed steward of^he Butchertown
headquarters.
The locked-out Stablemen' s and
Hacknien's unions were awarded the
sum of ?10 each. The election of of
ficers for the union will be held on
August 25. All members are notified
to clear themselves oil the secretary's
books previous to that date, otherwise
they cannot vote.
Brcmbcrs Fined for Indulging in In
toxieatins Liquor at Lowl Hcad
quartci-s During Meetings.
LIBERAL DONATIONS 5IADB
BY TJIK BUTCHERS' UNION"
Robert I/. Coleman (owner) with J. M. Rob
erttson (con«.ract'..r>. architect J. K. Miller — Al
itTHtloix; ar.d additions to a two-»tory frame
building with nttio ar.d bawment at 2516 Fill
mm« street ; $522)t. •
JoEfjih Harvey (owner) with Hlnson & Jon«s
(contractors), architects Haven & Toepke — All
work ; for.- alterations on first story of a two
story frame building on lot on NW corner of
Devlgadero and fciutjti'r etreets, 40 on Devisadero
by 1C0 on gutter; $234(5.
Tliorr.jif! J. Simonds or Simons (ownsr). with
Mager Bros, (contractors).. architect — AH
alterations and additions except gna fixtures,
Ehadoirand mantels to a\on«vstory: building on
lot on W line of Hampshire street, , 147:6 N
of Twenty-second; ?2275. ' »•
Herman Hsniper (owner) with E. D. & Floyd
T... Baird (contractors), plans by owner — Palnt-
InK. plumbing, plastering, concrete, < carpenter,
brick and Klazins for <a three-etory frame
building (flats) on lot, on N line of Sixteenth
etrcet. U7 K of Howard, E 28 by N 110; $8051. j
Catherine and Thomas MvGotvan to John F.*
Mc'Jowan, lot on N line ot Richland avenue.'
2W W of Mission ctrcet.' AV 2T» by N 100. lot
29. block U, French and Oilman Tracts; also
lot on W line of Mission street. 75 N of Rich
land. N 25 by W UH>, lot 19, block D, same;
$1(». '
WlillRm F. and Anna M. Ohm CTobbenbaske)
to Ucrnliard Getz. lot on NW line of Madrid
street. .':00 SW of China avenue. SW 25 by
XW 100, block 20. Excelsior .Honiestsad: also
lot on SW line of Persia ptreet, 75 NW of
Paris. NW 25 by SW 100. Mock U I. name; $10.
Charles A. and Mary A. King; to same.
lot on SW line <>l Persia street. CO NW of
Paris. NW 25 by SW 100, block 11, same:
alsr let on EH Hn? o* London strfst. 175 SW
of Persia, SW 25 by SE 100, block 11, same;
*10. - '
Bullilcr.«5' Contracts.
J. W. Wrlglit <t Fons InVestment Company
to Peter Barbet. lot on N line of M street.
i-:M W of J'orty-fourth avenue, W 50 by N
100; $10.
Julius C. Rels to O-.'orgf Marken, lots 10 to
SI; block S. HeJi Tract; grant.
Peter and Hannah Tnmony to Michael and
Katherin Biigue, lot on. K lino of Andfirson
btreet, 175 K of Eugenia avenue. S 25 by E
70. lot 830, sift map 1; $10.
Sulomon and r.V:ra Uetsc to Anna lluldhuscn.
Jot en N line or 1 street. S2:t; E of Torty
£ereatii svenne, n 25 by N io<t: $10.
Albert M<>)-«r to .<»ra S. Kwrr, lot on SW
comrr of- Seventeontb avenue and II street,
XV f.7:C by S 100: $10.
Edward B. an<i Dorothy V. Flinde.s to Baron
X}. Merchant, lot on S lino of Bush street, 137:6
W of Taylor. W 54:4U by H l:!7:0: ?10.
Clirlctfan and CJcslna Werner to Marsraret B.
(."has?, lot on HW line of Third street, 80 N\V
of Ury.:nt. N\V !U r . by P\V 75; 910.
I/'p.!:'!i'.- B. Cliase to same (wife), same: jrift.
Patrick B. or Patrick lo'nch to Thomaa
Dcnigan. lot on N corner of Sixth and Jessie
streets. N\V C5 by NB 7,1; J10. ,
John Brlrkell Cnmpany to John Bowen Jr..
lot .in E lin^jof Twenly-Hiatth avenue, 100 S
of Weet Clay street. S ".2:S by 15 120: $10.
Donaid ani! Helen F. MacKcnaie to Benjamin.
R^niainp. lot on K _line of California street
¦oath. 57:0 \V of Filth avenue, - W -'5 by S
100; «10.
John or John W. an*l Meta Burgoyna to
Fv. derlcka Hiplbcrt. lot on W line of. Eleventh
axenue, 20O N ol A street, N.23 by W 120: §10.
Mary Collins to Albert L»rucl;er, lot on SK
corner of Twentieth avenue Hnd C 3tieet, B
L'J:7. S 117:G. W L'o:0. N US; $10.
J. L. p.nd Mary L^wison tn P. N. Aronson
(four-elrvcnths) an<1 A. Galland I'seven
flevenths). lot on S line of Pacific street. 1J4:6
K of Devisadero, K ol:6 by S 127 :SU: $10. i
John Ilickcy to Mary JJirkey, .lot on E line
oi" Defion st;p?t. So N o' !?pventecnth. N 23 by
K gift.
William P. McCraith-to Thomas D. Me
fiaith et «il.. lot on N Hm of Twentieth street,
155 E of Noe. 15 50 by X 114; also lot on XK
li!i<» of Guada)ouj>e str'-rt, 75 SE of Penobscot,
HK 75 by NE 100. block 5:;:.'. Hay View.- also all
inltJTfit in property in gan Krjjiclsco and prop
erty out of the county; gift. .
J<'hn it. and Siuninna Ixrcntz to George
Ponimronke, lot on N line or Duncan street,
:fl W of <:hurch. W 23:« by N UC; $10.
iiarro to Henry C. Muller, let on \V lin^ ot
Stclnrr street, 27:0 S of Green, S-.27:6 by W
SO; $10.
Same to Martin Hencken. lot on S line of
Green street. SO W of Stelncr. W 30 by S 35;
$10.
Mary H. and Joseph Eastwood to Alfred W:
and Henrietta RelDfccke, lot on SW corner ot
Green and. Stoiner streets. S 27:6 by W 80; *10.
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 3.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Rosenfeld alleges that there have
been no dividends or profits, but that
the business has been run at a lot's.
Max Rosenfeld's suit for an injunc
tion against the Pioneer Automobile
Company, which was filed on Tuesday
and ' taken out by Attorney Eugene
Watson, was returned yesterday to
the County Clerk's office with an' order
from Judge Hunt restraining 1 the de
fendant company from selling its
property except at its actual value.
The directors of the concern, who are
individual' defendants, are E. P. Brin
egar, Ji S. Andrew. R. H. Davis, J. J.
Avis and W. A. fetringer.
It is set forth that, the Pioneer
company was incorporated with a
capital stock of 2000 shares, valued at
$100 each, of which 1150 shares wore
actually issued. E. P. Brine&ar he
came the holder of 110 shares with
out consideration, but gave his note
in payment therefor for $11,000, con
ditioned that it should be paid out of
the dividends and profits of the corpo
ration.
Cannot Dispose of I»roperty Except at
Actual Value Pending Kosen
fcld s ? Suit.
AUTOMOBILE COMPANY
KESTKAIXED BY COURT
M. H. de Young is about to turn the
Chronicle building into a thirteen
story structure and to increase Its
dimensions largely by erecting a thir
teen-story addition on Kearny street,
on the lot recently purchased by him
from the Josephs of England. The
Josephs lot has a frontage of sixty-six
feet on Kearny and it runs to the
present walls of the Chronicle struc
ture. This will be entirely covered.
The addition will coincide, exteriorly,
in every respect to the Chronicle build
ing to which it will be joined. Three
stories will be added on the Market,
Geary and Kearny street frontages to
the old building, the present height be
ing but ten stories. The cost of the
lot on Kearny street and that of the
larpe addition on that street, together
with the new three stories on Market,
Kearny and Geary streets will involve
an expenditure of something like $1,
000.000. *
While the exterior will not be radi
cally changed, it being necessary to
make the new structure conform to the
older for the sake of appearances, the
Interior of the present Chronicle build-
Ing will be largely remodeled. In it
and its extensive annex there will prob
ably be four passenger elevators.
The old Bteel frame that was put up
when tall buildings were a rarity in
San Francisco is much heavier
than those now employed in
ordinary construction work. Conse
quently it is supposed to be sufficient
to carry the weight of three added
stories. The architects' plans have not
yet been submitted. ' De Young is
abroad, but will return to this city in
a few days. It is possible that he will
suggest some changes in the plans, but
the thirteen stories on Market, Geary
and Kearny streets are, assured.
M. II. dc Young Plans Higher and
Larger Structure on Market, Geary
and Kearny Streets.
WILL- ADD THREK STOIUES
TO CHRONICLE BUILDING
If Captain Max de Bathe of London,
who, with his brother, &ugo, hus
band of LUy Langtry, has been visiting
San Francisco for several weeks, was
married to and later divorced from
Countess Stavra of Thessaly, he has no
personal knowledge of the fAct. A
telegram from New York yesterday
quoted the Countess, who recently ar
rived, there, with the statement that
she was married to Captain Max de
Bathe, but had separated from him.
The Countess was formerly the wife
of Charles Tilton. a capitalist of New
York, from whom she inherited her
wealth. Later she married Count
Stavra, whose widow she became
about two years ago. Her next matri
monial adventure, she claims, with
wJth Captain de Bathe, but it proved
an'unhappy alliance and was soon dis
solved.
When seen at the Palace Hotel yes
terday Captain Max de Bathe, who
made no attempt to conceal his dis
taste for the notoriety which he has
suddenly gained, said:
"I am acquainted with the Countess
and that is all. I was never married
to her and consequently we could
never have been divorced. I am at
a loss for an explanation for the
strange statements she is making in
Xew York_, where I imagine she has
been striving hard to get into public
print. The story from tho East is
absolutely' false."
Youiis British Army Officer Says
Story From Xew York Is
Without Foundation.
MAX DE RATHE DENIES
MAKKIAGE TO COUNTESS
California Standard 13 15 K
Caribou . : 4 05 : . . .
Claremont S3 '....
Four "0
Fulton 1 50
Home 1 25 1 37>4
Imperial 18 00
Independence 26 < 2S
Kern- 4 75 5 00
Kern River 1150 12 00
Monarch of Arizona A.... 28
Monte Crlsto 65-
Occidental of "W Va 00 *
Oil City Petroleum 68 S9
Peeriess '• . 13 50
Reed Crud* 1 60 ....
Sovereign v 41
Sterling 2 70
Superior 04
Thirty-three 8 25
Twenty-eight 8 75 9 U0
West Shore 2 Of) •
McKittrick 15 20
Wabash 5'»
Associated bonds 75 W
Miscellaneous-
Fischer's Theater ' CS S5
Northern Cal Power ' 9 S7 $a
Mornlns Session. ..'»' •
1500 Independence 27
100 Monarch 28
Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 Fischer's Theater 95
Alining Slocks.
EAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
FolloLWing were the salts on the San Fran
cleco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 101 100 Overman 11;
100 Bullion 2l| 300 Sierra Nev 22
200 Gould & Cur. Ill 40<» Utah ......... 10
Afternoon Session. >-"\
100 Belcher 1UL 100 Mexican 80
200 Bullion 20, 100 Mexican '.3
200 Crown Point.. 11 lOo Yellow Jacket. 19
100 Exchequer ... 50| j
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. |
Following were the sales on the Pacific |
Stock Exchange yesterday: j
Morning Session. i
100 Andes 10| 500 Justice 12
200 Chotlar 14; 1W Mexican 82
100 Con Cal & V.I 15| 200 Ophir 2 27^
200 Exchequer ... &3i 40o Ophir 2 25
600 Julia 0»ij -
Afternoon Session. ' :
100 Challenge ... 101 K» Con C & V.I 12^
400 Challenge ... 20| 200 Gould & Cur. 11
200 Chollar 13j I'tf) Ophir 2 22«.f
100 Chollar .. 14| 100 Ophir 2 25
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. j
Following were the sales on the San Fran- i
Cisco and lonopah Mining Exchange yesteiduy: i
Mcrning Session. ;
COO MacNamara . 461 300 Ton Belmcnt.. 71
1C00 MacNamara . 45; 300 Ton Belmont.. 73
200 Mont Ton ...2 45I20CO Ton Gold Mt. 19 ¦
100 Ked Top .... 1511000 Ton Midway.. 54
1300 Ton Beftncnt. 701 2W Ton of Nev.. 8 75
Afternoon Session.
500 Brunswick .. 141 20u Ked Top 15-
BOO Goldneld Ton. 11|2(WO Rescue 10
1000 MacNamara . 4J| 100 Ton Belmont. . 70
1100 MacNamara . *5 -CO Ton Midway.. 63
600MontTon --^ll!l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 3 — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha OS lOIJustico 11 12
Alta 05 O7IKentuck 02 03
Andcfl IS 19; K. Graesslcr.. —120
Belcher 15 1'jLady Wash .. — 06
Beet & Belch. 61 C8i Mexican 77 7R
Bullion 20 21 1 Occidental ... 81 S5
Caledonia 39 41 1 Ophir 2 25 2 .SO
Challenge'... 18 21IOv<?rnian 10 11
Chollar 12 14iPotosi 15 Vi
Confidence ... 65 70| Scorpion OS 10
Con Cal & V.I 10 1 1B| Savage 23 25
Con Imperial. — 01IS«? l>loher... 04 d5
Con N Y .... 02 0:<! Sierra Nev 20 22
Crown Point.. 10 121 Silver Hill ... SO 54
E Sierra Nev 03 0q Sr. I.ouls .... 10 12
Eureka Con.. — Ml Syndicate — 05
Ex<-li<>quer ... 50 52!l*n1on Con — . 22 "3
Gould & Cur. 11 12 ! l'Udi 10 11
Halo & Norc. 66 6R| Yellow Jacket. 10 20
Julia L Of! 07!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.i Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 05! Ray Exten .. — 08
Columbia — 2RI Ray &¦ O'Brien OS —
Esperanza ... 02 031 Kay Ton OS 10
Gold Anchor.. 23 2St R*.<t Top 14 15
OoldfleM B&B 14 leiKescue 10 11
GoldfleM Nev 01 1 OOlTon Belmont.. 70 71
<3oM Mt Con. — 0"! Ton <S- Cal ... 15 20
Jim Butler . . — 75! Ton Exten . . — 1 10
Little Ton .. — *"0|Tcn Fraction.. 25 —
Lucky Tom.. — 05! Ton * Gt W. 0,1 05
MarNamara . 43 45! Ton Gold Mt. 18 20
Mlzpah E*t*n 2O — !Ton Midway.. 52 M
Mont Ton.. 2 45 2 47'4lTon of Nev. .8 OO 8 25
N Y Ton — O.VTon N S:ar . . —
Paymaster .. or? 03! Ton & P I>ake. SO —
Pine. Grove .. 50 — lTTnit»>d Ton .. — 00
, Qulncy II — IVi'wt End ... 19 —
Some forty property-owners appear
ed yesterday before the Board of
Works relative to the proposed sewer
ing, grading and macadamizing of
Park Hill avenue, Tilden and South
Broderick streets. Th'e majority fa
vored the work, but others protested
that the cost would be in excess'of 50
per cent. of the value of the district
liable to assessment « for the work.
After hearing the arguments on both
sides the board instructed the disput
ants to meet in private and come to
some agreement. It was suggested
that the improvement be done by pri
vate instead of public contract. Health
Officer, Raga.n called attention to . the
lack of pi-oper drainage facilities in
the locality described.
The board adopted specifications for
grading Nineteenth avenue, between
Trocadero road and Ocean avenue.
Several permits were granted for
erecting grand stands on Van,. Ness
avenue for the Knights Templar Con
clave.
The claim of the Automobile Tran
sit Company for $150 damages to an
automobile which ran into an obstruc
tion on Golden Gate avenue will . be
taken up with the street contractor.
For the second time no bids were
rc-coived for the poles for the Market
street illumination and new bids were
ortred to be invited.
The board ordered a communication
sent to the Chief of Police requesting
him to direct his patrolmen to stop
Ic-amsters from driving over pavements
which have been newly repaired and
also from knocking down the barri
cades surrounding the repaired por
tions. The Chief was also requested
to prevent damage to bituminous pave
ments from the lighting of bonfires
during political campaigns.
The board sent a letter to the United
Railroads complaining of inferior work
in repaving its tracks and requesting
that better work be done in future.
Board of Works Directs Disputants
v to Meet in Private and Settle
Their Differences.
Miller will appear, as Sir Joseph
Lacy and Hilda Spong will make her
first appearance this season as Lady
Verona Mayne. Others to appear in
tho production are John Glendinning,
Frederick Tyler, J. Hartley Manners.
Frederick Tiden, Charles W. Butler,
Bertram Harrison, Walter Allen. Jes
sie Busley, Grace Heyer. Maggie Hol
loway Fisher and others. Henry
Miller purposes to make the produc
tion quite an elaborate one. The stag
ing will be exceptionally fine and It
wiJ] be the same to be used in the New
York presentation of the piece next
November. "Joseph Entangled" is a
comedy, resembling in brilliancy of
iir.es and theme of play the author's
previous work, "The Liars."
San Francisco is. to lead New York
this season in the premiere of one of
Charles Frohman's most notable of
ferings and it will fall to Henry Miller
and an augmented company to bring
out the play neyt Monday night at the
Columbia Theater. There is always a
special. interest attached to the Initial
presentation of a new play in this
country.
This play, "Joseph Entangled," had
a run of an entire season at the Hay
rwarket Theater, London, and Charles
Frohman secured the American rights,
intending: to make the play one of the
early dramatic offerings of the New
"York season. He has given San Fran
cisco opportunity- to pass first judg
ment.
Henry. Miller Will Produce "Joseph
Entangled" at Columbia Theater
Monday Nlffht. )
PROPERTY-OWNERS WAR
OVER BUILDING OF SEWER
LONDON SUCCESS TO HAVE
FIXE PRESENTATION' HERE
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, 190*.
12
RAILWAY TRAVEL. ~"!
SftTT^ Trmtas !.»»• .na %^
ff^^)2)8 AN FRANCISCO.
VoVmA/ Txom Jvvr "* 1:H
fFoot «t Market Sinm >
i*a*x - MAIN LINE. -~7ggr
7 -00a VacaTliie. Wintera, Cnmaey. fTnZ
7 .00 a n«Blcla.RiTnIr»mnd 8»crainenu>.. 7S;*
7^0A Vallejo. Nap«. Callatoem Saau A
Rosa. Martinez. S*a Raaoa •«,
7-I0a Nll»«.Trsey. l^tbrop. Stockron 7 %XZ
80i0A9b»*t» Expreaa— (Via Dbt!s>, ' ""*
>vi:i{«3n (for Dartlett Sprlon).
MTillOTra. tfrnto. Ked BlaS.
Portland. Tacoina, SesUla ?r-,_
B4HU Davis. Woodland. Knights Lauding. ™"
MarysTiile. Ch'co. OtotUIo 7sp»
8J5OA rort Coatn. Martinez. Antloeii, '^ w
Byron. Trmcr. Stocxtoa. New-
man, Los Baaos, MemJotx
Arraons. ilaaford. Vlsalla,
roxw>rTllle 4 ,«_
f^CA Port Costa, Modesto. Merced. '• vm
Fresno. Gosben Jonctloa, lisa-
fort, Vl»al!a. Pftbertftakl 4.S"»
•JOa Nile*. San Jose. Ltvermore. Stocc-
lon. (tMllton). lone. Sacramento.
MarysTllle. Cb!c«. Bed BInff .... 4 ?flp
I -TOa Oasdale. Chine*-. Jam«su>wo. 9o
nora.T«oIuninesiid An|t!i 4.20»
• OfM At:anticExpre*s— OgdcaaodEm:. 5 2 0»
830a Richmond. UarUaes aad Wsy
3mJo^» S S2»
TOOOATne. OverUad Limited — Ogden.
- Omaha. Chtcngo, Dtn»«r, Kj:,ji
CUy. St. Louis f2Ca
TO.COa Tall-jo.. 12 20?
10.00a Loa Ana-eles Puaeag«r — Tort
Coata, MartUtes, Byroa. Tmcy.
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Godhrn J;:oe-
(Jon. nnn'ord. Lemoora, V!>» j^
Baker*flelv. to* Aageles 7.2C»
il.SQ* Hnyward. Miles aad Way Statloai. J 20»
11XP.P 8«crsnjeato HiTer Steamers r 7 1 3^0
3 iOf Benlcts, Winters. Bacraairsto.
¦Woodland. Wniotn. Kb.m j
Land'.njc, Marysvr.le, Orov:.:-
aad way ttatlons 135!5a
9.30P Hi»yw»r(i. S'.lc* *ad W»f Station*.. 7 &3»
4XCP MBrt!nez,S«nKanioa.Tane]o.Napa,
C«'.lsrosj». Ssint* Ko»» 92Q4
40O yriea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodi 4.20s.
4 -30f Bayward. Niles, IrTla^ton, 8aat *3 C :\
Jos«. Llverm«re ) tn 51^
6 OOp The Owl Limited— Xe»m»a. Lot
Baaos. Meodois. rressu. Talars. «¦
BakertfleliLosAnirsles ».50a
1530^ Bayward. NTIet naii h.in Joae 723v "
t.CQp llsjnrard. Nile* and San Joia. 9bUA
S 00p Eastern EzpreM — 0»:i«-n. Uanba.
Cntcairo. Denver. Kansss c::y,
8i. Louis. Tla Martinez. 3toclctoa,
. m~ Sacramento. Colfax. Rene 12.5O
•.OOP Valiejo. daily, except Sunday.... i ¦, Kn .
7-CCPVaUcjo. 8*n<iay only.. f ' 50»»
7X0P K!cbmco<l. t.«n Psbio. Port Costa.
- M«rtln«» aa4 Way Stations 11.20a
7X0P Beao Passeuger— Pot* Coatt. Snt-
¦un. ElmtTa, DavU. Sacraa^eoto.
Trockee, Lak« Taaoe. Reno,
Tonojiah. Sparki 753*
f.05PPort Cost*. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lat&rop. Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fr?sn« aad
Way. Station sbeyuc4 Port Costa 12-2C»
• OSp Tori ml to Valley. Tla tterenda sad
._ Wawoaa „ t 50a
O.CSp Uar-.Jnes. Tracy. Stock'.on 1023*
8C5P Oregon * California Mnrtit- Sso-
.ramento, M*Tjiiii\Jr R^ldiaj.
Portland. Paget Sound t nd Sut. 8-53 *
1.10* Hay want, Nlies and Saa Jueo (Saa-
dayonly) 11.S0»
COAST LINE (Harrow Uaa^e).
(Foot at .Martet Street.)
'7 AS A Santa Cruz Ezean!on(SaaJayanl7) 3.1C»
6.16a Kewark. OeaterTllIo. San Joe«,
Felton, BonMerCraek. BlKBaala.
SanM Cruz and Wsy Sutiooi... 6 S5»
t915A Alrarado. Kewark, San Jose, Loa
Oau>«.61enwoo<l, Felton, Bowlder
Creek. Big Basin. Santa Crjr .. . 8 1?»
f*.15?» Newark, Centerrtlle. Ban Jose*
New Alraaden.Lo* OaMM.Fe;too.
Buniiier tr-e'«. Saaw Crvs aad
Priii.:!?*! Wit 6;«t!oai 10-S5%
H.fff Kawart. Saa Jose, Los Catoa tO-55.%
4.15? Wrlffijt. Bo'llUer Creek aad Saota
Crnz. Saturclny and Sunday only. >3 55a
COA^T LINE (Kroail «a»«e).
Or (third ami Towniinad Streeta.)
'fi.lOA San Joseand Way Stations "Sjf!*
t/ 00a Pan Joie and Way rftallo»» S.4CP
7.16a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion <Sundar only) : 13-5C»
• 00a New Aliaaden (Tum. Frld.. on!y). 4-ia#
I XCa The Coaster— San Jose, S.i!l3ss.
Sta Ardo, Paso Rcblef. SanU
Uarsarlta, San I.-i1» Ob'.spo.SanU
Barbara. San BceaaTeBtnra,
M"nr\i 1 j. Oxnard, Barbaok, Loa
Anseie* TO 43»
t.00A Gliroy. Hamster. Casirarille. Del
Moate. Pacific QroTe. Sort, Lnm- ». i
poc 10-4S»N^
• .00a *»n Jose. Tr*« Pl«oa.Wataoa-»lTi9.
Capltola. Santa Craz, pHctSe^
Grove. Salinas Saa Lais Oblspo
aad Priac'p* Way SUUons. ... 4.10*
I03Ca £•» Jcseand Way Stations 1.2Qf>
11 3Ca Siutn Clara. San Joae. L«a Gatos
and Way Stations 7.5Oi»
1^0p San Jo«e aod Way Station* ... .... 8 32*
!3-l<0pI"-i Mon:e Ezprea* (except Saa-
day) — Saata Clara, Saa Jom,
vr»;s.:a*C>. Sanca Cruz. Del
Moata. Monterey, 1'sclfte GroTe. I12<15p
S4CP Bur!:L,tanje. S*a Jo»e. Gllroy. Hol-
!!«er, TrerPinos.PsJaro.Wat-MJa- •
fflle, Capttcla. Saota Crnz. Caa-
tro»tl!e. Salinas. PadSc GroTe... 13 4" k
AJSQp^ii Jew aad Way Stations t8 C0a
tS OOP Santa Clara. Saa J«m«. Lot Uaen«,
\\rtsbt A3 ! prtneiititl \?ay dta-
tioas(ezcept Snnday> tS-CC*.
|5-30p SanJo««an(IPr1uclpalWaySUtk>n« {9.44a
5 45s» Sussrt Express.— Rertwootl. Saa
Jote. GIlroy.SaHnas.Paao liohtet,
Saa Luis ObI&i>o, Sanu Barhara,
Los ABRelts. I'emlnt Kl Paaa
New Orleans. New York 710a
6.45P Pajarow WawonTille. Caplto'.a, t , t _ -^
sa.ita Cruz. C»#tro»i:ie. DelVjlSl?
Mnnte. Fatinc tir«»e ft1O-4iP
tfi.15? taazIaleo.Deresrard.Brlmoni.8aa
Carlos; Uedwood, Pair Oaka.
Xlenlo Park. Pn!o Alto 14.43*
6 30p S»o Jo*e aad Way St*tiooa „ 6-3Sa
8.C0pP»1o Alto and Way Stations 10.13a
11 .30? 6t»uthS:»u Francisco, Ml'.lbrje, War-
Itnsame. Saa Mateo. Bflmott.
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Mruio Park. aa<t Palo Alto 9-43»
»11 30=" M.TLsiil, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
j »n Jose t3.45»
™ Ator iiora'.ng. P for Afternoon. "
tSnnLij ezcept<ftl. tSvadayoulr
* t. Sslurdk? only. ft Monday oaly.
{&u.iw ac all statical am ftiis Jit,
C4LIF0RNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN [EH-iSCd fefid NORTH PACIFIC
XLAII.WAY C03XPAKT.
Tibarca rcrry, root of BZarkat Street.
SAN rRAZTCISCO TO SAW BAF&SIi.
VTBEK tiAYS — 7:SO. 8:(H>. »:0C ll:0O A. <u.;
12:^5. 2:30. 5:40. 5:10. 5:5o. <i:3O aad 11 :W
V. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8: CO. 0:30. ll:t<O a. tn.: 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 3:10. 6::;0. 11:30 p. m.
SA27 a.VFAEu TO SAII 7aASTCX3CO.
WEEK DAYS-t:0T», 6:5i». T:J5. 7:iO. U.Z\
11:15 a. in.; 12:iO. t2:0a 3:4U S:0O. 5:^>.
6:2i p. tn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS — «:"<¦., T::l5. 9;-jo ll:li a. tn.: l:+3y
3:40, 4:If>. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:SOp. m.
tExcept Saturday.
" LTa vT ~ J In Effect J Arrive
San Frar^ (May 1. lOo*. [ San^Frin.
\Veek'r~Sun- I iJestlna- » Sun- I \V*e*
Days. 1 daya. I tlon. L* 1 -*^' P 3 *'*- *.'•*
?:Sb~a T:4» af 7:13* 1
7:30 a 8:00 a 8: i5 a L5 : *iJ %
8:0O a D::»a Ifnaclo. 10:20 a|10:'iO .»
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:C0p «:-!> 9
ft:10p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7.23 9
5jS ljjj :
7.30a 7:30a 7:45al7:45»
8:00 a 8:C>a Norato. 10:2O a]lO:2<» .%
2:30 p »:30a Petalurna. C:20 p «:'.'•>*
5:10 p 2:3t>p and 7:25 p 7:J3 a
I 5:10 p Santa Roaa. S:-t5 p _
7:3.1 • I T^Ti ~ 10^2dajro":20»
800a 8:C0a Pulton. T:23 pi «:2|> 9
2 :30 p| 2:30 P 8:43 Pi 7:«J i>
~i Windsor. I
T:S0a 7:S0a Healdsbur*. 10:20 a, 10:20 *
I Lytton. j
2:30 pf 2:30 p Geys«rvtll». 7:25 pi 7:23 9
I f Cloverdale. . I
7 :30 a I 7:3Oal Hopland 110:20 a, 10:'^> »
2:30 p| 2:30 rt and Ufclah. | 7:25 Pl_^jg '
1 1 wniits. I I „.
7:30 a| 7:30a| EberTOSod. [ TgS_PJ " ;23 >
8:00 a| «i:COa| Guerneville and |To:2O *|io:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacatioa. | 8:j_3__Pt •'-"!»
8:0Oa 8:C0a 3 : »0 al S : 4O a.
B:10p 9:3Oa Sonoma. «:(*) pi «:20 p
5:10 p Olen Cllen. \ *:*j_?!— •
T:30a| 7:30al TlO:20 r *l 1 2 : S*
_2:3up! 2:30 p[ Seba«topoL_ ( 7:25 Pi,«:^>P
STAGES, connect at Santa* Rosa for whlls
Sulphur Sprinss and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke'a Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Ueya?rvill* for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdate for the Geysers. Boone-
vllle and Greenwood: at lloplar.d for Duncaa
feprtnss. Ulsbland Sprrfigs. Keiseyville. Carls-
b«l ii prints. Soda Bay LaXeport and Bart.ett
Fprings; at Uktah for Vichy Spring* Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, w. Itter
Springs, L'pp*r Lake. Pomo. Potter >»l»»T.
John Day's. Riverside. Li*rley's. Ruc*neH a.
Ear.he.irir. Helghta, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptehe. Camp
Stfevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bras*.
Westport. Usal: at Willlta for Fort Brag?.
Westport. Sherwood. - Cahto Covelo. Layton-
ville. Cummins. Bell'a SpHngs. Harris. Olsens,
Dyer. Garberviile. Pbpperwood. Scotia and
Eurtka.'v
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday* — Kound-trtp tickets to all point*
beyend San P.afael at half rates.
Ticket Office. e50 Market street. ChronlcUtVav
bulldinc • . .
JAS. U FRAZIER. R- X. RTAV.
Pen. Manajfer. Can. P»*» Agt.
Weefly M $1.0018? Year
HA I LAVA Y TRAVKL.
|Lir/2!TF.D TO CHSCACOg
| LEAVES MOKOATS and TH'J.ISU.YS ! \
H at if.'.lO a. m., thronga in .*? day*, a
I with diaer and all trapping's^ R
Other Santa r* Trains:
7:U0 a. m. | foj . stocktcn> Fresno. i?akersfleld.
S:'oo I', m! J Merced. Hanfcrd and Vlsalia.
4:C0 p. ni. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCZS — G41 Market St. end
retry Depot. S. I*. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oatland. Cal. 27 Eoutli Tixst Sfc.
San Jose.
Sjxppgggl' TO SANR AFAgL,
tyri IPmVi^ '^sLTJf a^ MITT VA1TPV
ri"«i^t^?ro/^ C A 7 A T)FR 0 R K-
>vit>i 5 » ® 3 fvV "3*! vAi.ni/Jui\Uf die*
iw^>feiK?^'»^ 1 via Sauaalito Terry.
SUBURBAN' SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
tvuart from t5iin Francisco, r-etk day*. at
1 «.5»^-ia 7:46. b:30. »:13. 10:00. 11:00 a. £
flWO i nJ Wusalilo only). 12:1-0. 1:45. 3:13;
i^J». 4*{5 6:J5. 5:50. «*:«. 7;15. 8:00. 10: 2?
}:%p m Sundays and legal holidays depart
It 710 U* 5 ' SlM - U:1^ J ° :W ' U:W >. 11^0
I V'm. 1:00. 1:45 - 2-0. 3:15. 4:f^
SilV5:«i O'^ 7:1S - S:13 - W:00 ' 10:2 «. "^
P "i^rtve at San Francisco. w«ek days 6-1-
T:W ?UX>. 8: » VIV^V 0^ "- :S '*¦ *''
i«»-«'^ \"25 S:50, •>.•«>. 4.JO. 3:05, 5:40 6-li
«-5fi 7:5>>. »0: c6 ' ":=»P- m- On Suniia'ys ind
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:u£
8 For 'Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a m
S-IBP. m.. 6:15 p. m. (tx Sat.). o D SunA
and legal holidays at 7:45 S^o. a : i 5> 10 £
""•00. ll:»0a. m.. 12:20. l:C0. l:«. 2:30. 7 -15
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a, m. dally— Cazadero and way stations
9:15 a. m. Sundays enly— For Point Rey^
* 3.15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caxa-
dero." etc.
5:15 p. m. daily exc«pt Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
ll^T^F^H^Ma^?^ " a
FERRY — Cn'on Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Le*re Tu !tm»lit» Ftrrj ArriTe
Ban Francisco K»«t »f 8^rk«t St. San Frauclnco
Week Bun- -^jrj^ Suu- Week'
Days. dav^. /fWf*5K _ rt *L^_ _PfZ»-
| 8:30a ftiStetSSSS 12:45 i- • 3:451
10:00a VSto>J^&^ 2:05 h # 1J:05a
10:00 a 11:00 a %«i^v7 3:35 r 3:35 p
1:45p12;20p 7 6;4Or 6;IS|
»:15r 1:45 p T£-££jr 6:1ft r 10:0* t
...*..'.:. ,4:35 r\ 8:50 T,
* Tla Criritj Cir. * Tamalptii t» It!) T»i:»y.
Ticxit )626 Markkt bx. (North Uhore Railroad)
Orricu i aad Sacsauto Fekky, Toot itarkata^
STORAGE ATO WABEHOTTSES.
A — GILBERT b STOLL Storage Co.; rtorage.
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
' Ntsi; office 1170 Market, r. 43; teL South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household poods etored. moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st-. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
rhone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
rumitara moved, packed, shipped and stored.
FIERCE- RODOLPH Storage Co., of-
f.o» Post and Powell st«.; tel. Prl. Ex. ST1.
OON'KLIN'S Stcrage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phona East l.fl.
. GOLDEN W«rt Storage: advances made. 840
Mitflon at.; tel. Howard S4L F. W. Zeh.nas.
PACIFIC Storsr* and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllirore ft.; phone Jackson ZS1.
BKKINS Van aid Stomge Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft., tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cat rates.
STTJTTEKII.a AND STABOaEBINQ.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market.
is taucbt celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in U. S.: private; established 3
years In S. F. Tel. MlnL.2626 frotn 1 to 5 pm.
ilAKRIAGE LICENSES.
- The 'ollowlcr Biarriace Ucene*« wera lasued
yc?:erday:
C. Peter Fredrickson. 86. Berkeley, and
Ranna Peterwn. 25. city.
• . J-seph Gamboni Jr.. 22. 515 Broadway, and
. . Alice Fior*. IS. C29 Broadway.
Edward F. Kearny. 25. 032 Union street, and
N>!!ie G. DUlon. 'SI. S B street.
Julias J- Lee. 63. Los Angeles, and Iiuclia |
B'ackn-ell. 57. Ix» Angelee. I
• Kucene F. Gill, 21. 640^ Green street, and |
Wii'.amena J. Hery. 20, 303 Filbert atreet.
." Ar.tonio gciurbji, 24. 424 Broadway, and
• Grsila Clarno. C-. 1114 MontRomery atr«et.
William E. Baker. 25. 817 Eddy street, and
• . A'.tr.a Harder. IS. 31 Scctt street.
' William G. I-*-o. 2C. city, and Henrlette C
• rn:Jarri:n Zt. cits'.
Jchn J. Bonriksen. SS. Haywards. and
"Augu^e Jesh-.relv. 35. Stockton.
Julius Younc. 2f>. 224 Potrfro avenue, and
-/rna P Ci-opspI. 23 1.11C Mason street.
J.-taies 'U'. SleMUlan. 31. Etockton. and Jean
fljirtlM, 23. Woodbridre.
• Miltcn H. Ellis, 22. 703 Geary street, and
Helen G. I^anjr. 20. 041 Turk street.
Alexander M. Boges. 2S, Newman, and
. " 3r.v*t Knoibe*. C(?. Newman.
nrnQaa A. Stark. 4C!. city, and Jennie C.
iframer. 4 n . dtjr.
" .Joseph P. FranHs. 22. Oakland, and Fler-
ence I. -Albrecht. SO. -W Waller atreet.
Herry Atkinson. 37. fri«;B Harrison etre't,
' ai.d gajgh Allen. S2. 410 Sixth street. I
' IlRTHS— MARBIAGES— DEATlsT
Birth rsarriate an3 death notices sent by
rr.c l .\ will not fc« inserted. Thy mu?=t be handed
. In st either of the uubllcation Offloea and ba
Indorsed with the name ar.d residcr.ee of per-
kcss- authortied to liave- the same publieheJ.
'SCctlcea restricted simply to the announceDrent |
cf the e\ent are published once in this column j
freo of c!:arse.
BORN.
' BROWNRIDGn— In this cltj-. July 23. 1P04,
. to tha wife of Georce T. Brownridse, U. S.
N.. a son.
. . MAltltLED.
AUSTIN— SHARMAN'— In thll city, August 3,
1K>4. by the Hev. Dr. John A. B. Wilscn. j
Jchn M. Austin and Matie Eharman, bjth i
. of Ean Fran- lsco.
[BWIN— BA2>'K6— In the Howcrd- street M.
E. Church. August S. lt*>4. by the Rev. Dr.
John A. 1J- W'l!»in. Charics M. Irwin and !
Emma Iianks=. both of Francisco.
KRIEMLER— FELDMANN— la Pan Rafael, j
August 1. by the Rev. Fath r Phillips. Con-
rad C. Kriftaler aivi Lillian I.-=ab?I Tcld- |
:nann. both of Belvedere.
. COTHENBERG— PHILLIPS— In this city,
July 31. 11HH. by the Rev. tT. J. Nieto,
Iferry UothcnberK a:id Esttlle V. Phillips.
DllvD.
r?:-ixcin. Virginia Kntb, Hi'.aiia E.
l>£nT, Wiiliara Ixibt, Jecie P.
Besabl, Henry F. l^ob", Simon
Buirougtta. Ellen Mayer. Leon
<'obn. Abraham McCond, Ella
• V.nlin. James AV. Orr. William
«'ox. Alben Joseph fierce. Percy
Uotiahue. Francis Ufinhardt, William j
JVran, Ei!en M. ' Tl'fmiHard, I'eter N. I
rjran. Michael J. Scbvarz, Henri ;
Fexgawoo, Jaai«* Sutherland, Mary
• ; raghty. Patrick Shrppani. Charles L. |
I!all. O>cr^«. Htwvcn, IxjuIj 1 "
Haver, Katie fctoffers, Henrietta
ivellner. Emil
i:*!-DWIN — la this city. August 3. I'.tO*.
\ irsinia Baldwin. bclo\«?«l daughter of Ellen ;
and the late loha Hatd'ain. and t=ister of i
hiimn»r. Horace tud Henri?tte Baldwin, a
rativr cf «»rass Valley, aged 12 year* 3
. months and -0 dm?.
EAKIty aud ORR — A solemn rffjui^m high j
mass (month's min«i) will be celebrated to-
day (Thursday), at !> o'clock. In St. Patrick's j
: ihuih, V>r th«- Fou'.t of William Barry and j
Wjl'lsm Orr. Friends and acquaintance* are •
iavtUed to attend.
.EEGUHLr^-la Berkeley. August .">. l'.)04. at his
reddejxc, 1C^5 MrGf-? avenue. Henry F., be-
' b)\t>l hut-band of D«jra Be^uhl, and father of
Walter. Rej-mon-i and Harry Besuhl, a m-
liie of New York, aged 42 yeare and 15 !
days. --.'••. ¦
Bl.RKOL'OHS-In this cit>. August 8. 1904.
Ellen, bt loved wife of William Burroughs,
a native of Inland, j>£fd 70 yeara.
C7F'rUnds and acyutintancch arc resp^ct-
f'lMy irnited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
• Friday), at 9:3'> a'clotk.- from the und»i- |
¦ -i ¦; c parlors cf Janje-s McMenomr-y *: Son. j
- 10^7 Mts&ion stre't, opposite new Postof&ce. |
'. ttsf-u^e. to St- Joseph's Church, where a j
fcoiemn I'quiem high ma^s will be ••?>lt:brat'><i j
:<-.r tlic re»o*e of h»r »->ul. commencinK at
10 o'clock.- Interment Holy Cross Cemetery- '
COHN— In Uiis city, Augun 2. 1904, Abraham j
B.. belo\r*l husband of Caroline Cohn. and
• father of Berkie. Millie, fcadte. Rosie. Louis. J
.Altck. Sani and Salomon Cchn and Mrs. D. j
• H. Lewin of Oakland, and brother of Morris j
Cohn and L. B. Cohn of Los Angeles, a na- j
¦ tive of Germaj-.y. agc-d 56 years and 21 days.
..*- CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to sttenu the funeral this day I
<Thursday>, at 10 o'clock, frum the funeral
r*i!urs of Theodar Dirrks, 937 Mission str-et,
thenre by 11:30 o'clock train to Hills of !
Ktfrtilty Cemetery for interment. !
COX— la this city. August 3. 1904. Albert j
Jce»ph. drarly beloved husband of Mary j
«:ox. a-nd devoted father of May E. and tiie i
iate Albert Joteph Cox Jr., and beloved san I
t ',"«* tbe lat» Jo5»i>h F. aril Mary Jane Cox, j
"snd brother of Richard J. CMC. Mrs. Mary
Thomas ard Mrs. Laura Murray, and son-
in-law of Thomas and Ann'e Carroll, a na-
. ; live of San Francisco, eg»d 30 years 6 j
1 • mor,tn« and IS dajs.
CONLIN— In thi* city. August 2. 1904, James i
n'arren. beloved Ron of Jam^e and Susan ¦
';, Ccalln. a native cf Kan Francisco aged 2S
• yea? s. - i . ' -' ¦ S
C5»"Fiieras* are respectfully invited to at-
lead the funera.1 Thursday morning, Ausust
4. at J>:SO o'clock, from residence, 1444 Me-
•** AJlifter ttrett. thence to Holy Cross Church,
where a requiem high mass will be ceie- '
L>rRt«'l. rommencinE at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cress < "'m^tcry. by funerai car
tpom Eighteenth zai Guerrero str*-et».
tKiXAHI.'E- la Oakland. August 2, 1904,
Frauds Donahue, beloved husband of tiie
¦ late Annif; Donahue, and father of Mrs.
Lizzie Urit'on a native of Glasgow, Scot- ;
lan<1. if": .'¦:: yare.
tyKriends r-d acquaintances are rospeet-
fully Invited u attend th» funeral Friday,
Aufcun S. Ht 9:^0 o'clock, from his late resl-
. . «lon<r. *>M Lydia htreet, thence to St. Pat-
tick's Churrh. where a solemn requiem high
" . ii>*!-» wiil f>e celebrated for the reiose cf hla
s-.ul. <romnienctng: at 10 o'clock. Interment
Ht. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
D'iKAN — In this city. August 3, 1S04, at her
r< Mdcnce. .'!SG» Army street, corner Dolores.
Ulffl M.. beloved wife of James H. Doran,
,, *!iJ mother of Anoa, Kate. Mary, Rose,
All'*, Eulalia, Grace and the late Almor.
«.Tatr and Hazel Frances Drwan, a native ol
Frant tsci». ac— J 42 y(ara.
E # :.\N— In this city., accidentally, August 2.
SJrtM. MIchaH James, beloved husband of
IWia A. Eean. .and father of Helen,
Mliwna. John and the late Francea Kesii,
and lj«?love<J son of Patrick and Delia Egan,
n native of Coonel, County Mayo, Ireland,
fZ<& ."7 ><-ara 1 month and 27 days. (Boston
;•<»{> t-s fleat-e cor>y.)
CyFri'-nds and acquaintances »r<» respo«-t-
. fully invited to atteud' the funeral to-<lay
(ThnrFday). nt U-.'M o'clock, from his late
jtK'.'i'ncc. 1221 Lombard street, thence to £t.
IU-t£id's Church for nervier*, commendng at
• 19 n'ciock. Interment Holy . Croes Ceme-
. 'ry.
PS'Kr.oUSOX— In Seattle, July 2S 19C4 James.
hutbanJ of Mary A. Ferguson. an .j fathot
')'. I*aac. Franklyn. Henry. (Jecrijr. Alex-
»t*Jer. Wil*oti and Catherine Ferpur.cn Mrs.
>'¦ V. *¦**. Mr. Emma G. Grace ami Mr*.
<;. G. MKIer. a native of Maine, aged C7
:¦ ears and X months.
. KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'Tnurtday). at 12:30 j). m.. from his latu
5'«I<J*.nr<?, J34C Larkin rtreet. thence to Red
J^i.'« y.u'1. 320 Post street, where scrvlcea
will he held at 1 p. Dl.
CnrtAGHTV — In this citv. August 2 1904,
Patrick. beloved husband of Julia J.
Oenighty. and father of Mary R., Sarah,
Daniel G., Bridget K. and Thomas I*.
• Jerashty. and brother of Mrs. Delia Beattte
cf Nanaimo. D. <\. and James G^raghty. and
Jeznea McGinn. Henry Hansen.
jami:s Mcginn & co^.
Formerly V.%.h McGinn Bros.
—Funeral Directors and Embalmera
214 Eddy at.; Tel. South 576.
P. 3. Mcr.ahan. Manager. Tel. Mission Sl.
MONAHAN, 0;HARA-& 00.
rCXERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2311 H lesion et., near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11). 1
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
Juncau. Ilalnes. Skaguay.
etc. . Alaska—11 a. m.. Aug.
3. 8. 13. IS. 2.1 23. Sept. 2, ,
Charge to this company a
steamers at Seattls.
For Victoria. Vancoaver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Bcllingham—11 a. m.. Aug. 3, 8. 13. IS. 23. 28.
Sept 2. Change at Seattle t? this Company^
steamers for Alaska and G. N Ry : at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry•; at Vancoaver to
C P Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Eay>— Pomona, 1:30
p.- m.. Aug. 2 S. 14. 20. 26. Sept. 1; Corona,
1:30 p m.. Aug. 5. 11. 17. 23. 29. Se^pt. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and |
Pledondo). San Diego and Santa t»arbar- —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. si.
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Sar.ta Cruz. Mon-
terey. Ban Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford 'can
Luis Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Aug. 3. 11. 10. 27. Sept. 4.
Coos Bay. 8 a. m.. Aug. 7, 15. 23. 31. Sept. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Saata Ro-
salia Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing; dates.
TICKET OFFICES —4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel).1O MarKft st., and Broad-
way wharves. Freight O3ce, 10 Market sc
C. T». DUNAN'N. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutt»r st., will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AME2EICAN XJJXTS. .
Flnnonth —Caerbonxar —Southampton.
From New Tork, Saturdays. »:30 a. m.
Philadelphia ..Aug. lSINew Tork Aug. 27
Bt. Louis Auk- 20ISt. Paul Sept. 2
ATLANTIC TBAHSFOBT IiINE.
Hew York —London Direct.
Minneap .Aug. 1.1. 7 amlMntnk .Aug.27.8:30 am
Mesaba ..Auk. 20. 0 amlMnhsha .Sept. 3. 11 am
SOMIKIOir LIHE.
Montreal —Liverpool —Short sea passage.
Kensington ...Aug. lSIVancouver Aug. 27
Dominion Aug. 20lCanada Sept. 3
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
New York —Botterdam. Via Boulosrae.
Saillnir Tuesday* at 10 a. m.
N'oordam Aug. IKjPottsdam Aug. 30
Statendam Aug. 2:jiRotterdam Sept. 6
BED STAB LOB.
New Tork —Antwerp —London —Paris.
Calling at Dover for I<ondon and Paris.
From New Tcrk, Saturdays, at 10:30 n. m.
Zee'and Aug. ISIVaderland ....Aug. 27
Finland Aug. 20!Krocn!and Sept. 3
WHITE STAB Z.X2TE.
New York —Querastown —Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Majeetlc.Ayg. 17. 10 ain|Arabic...Au>r. 2fl, 8 pm
Cedrlc.Auff. IS, nocn[Teutonic. Aug. 31. 10am
Oceanic. .Aug. 24, 5 pmlCeltic. ..Pept. 2. 10 am
Boston —Qneenstown —Liverpool.
Republic (new) Aug. 11, Sept. 8, Oct. «
Cymric Sept. 15. Oct. 13. Nov. 10
Crtilc Aue. 25. Sept. 22. Oct. 20
NEW SEBVTCE PROM BOSTON.
Faat Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.400 to 15.000 Tons.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITEBBANEAN, VTA AZOBES.
GIBBALTAB, I7AFT.ES. GENOA.
ROMANIC Sept. 17. Oct. 29. Dec. S
CANOPIO Oct. 8. Not 13
First class. $65 upward, depending on date.
C. D. TATLOR. Passemrer Agent Pacific Ccast.
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
J$amhurg-<&mertcan.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG HAMBCB5
•Deutschland ..Au?. 4 Phoenicia Au;. "0'
Aug. 6 •iBluecher Vu^'. 2.T
TTatricia Aug. 13 An*. 27
Hamburg Aug. is 'Deutschland ..Sept. X
•Has erillroom ont tgj-mna.'Ium on board. '
i;V»*ill call at Dover for London and Paris. ;
O!P£CI VSl ro i.KH'V.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aupr. 6, 11 A M
S.S. MARIHOSA. for Tahiti, August 9. 11 a.m
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auekl
land and Sydney, Thursday. A'jg. 19. 2 P.M
I.D.SPRECXELS & BEOS. Ca, A£!5.,TlCbt OSCB 641 Vi{.
m. Freight Offica 329 EarKei St., Pisr 7, nzite sl
C0MPAG5IE GSN5RAL3 TRAN3ATLANTIQUJ
DIRECT LINE TO-ILAVRE-PARIS. ..„_
Sailing every ThQr^day instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. *>-^ifTP9
North River, foot of Morton st.
First cla»s to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havr». JJ5 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building), »»>w
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paei8c Ccast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. Ban Francisco.
Tickets «old by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
!
j
|
!
•
To IT. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corccran —Leaves S. F-. foot of
Clay st. north end ferry bldg. —We«k days.
9:20 A.'XI.. 3 and *8 P. M.: Sundays. i>:20
A. M.. S P. M. Leave Vallejo—Week days.
6:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.: Sundays, 5
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rate*
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martlnes.
COc round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL
CO.. pbone Main B41. 'Saturday exceptcd.
To XT. S. Navy Yard and Vallsjo.
Stmrs. Gtneral Frisbie. Monticello and Arrow,
9:45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6, S:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.);
Sundays. fc:45 a. m.. S:30 p. ra. Leave Vallejo
7. 0 a. m.. i2:3O. 3:15 t> p. m. (ex. Sun.): Sun-
days, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mis-
sion street: phi.ne Main 1508 HATCH BROS.
brother-in-law of Charles and Michael
Healy and Andrew Burk. and uncle of Norah
Gf raghtv, a native of the parish of Men-
lough, County Galway. Ireland, aged 48
vears 8 months and 25 days, A member ot
Court Hay*s Valley, F> of A., and Ham-
mermen's Union.
(C7"Fricn<3s and acaualntances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of McKadden, ilcBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion etreat. between Seventh and Klghth,
thence to Sacred Heart Church for services
at 1 o # c!ock. Interment Ho!^ Cross Cem'-tery.
HALL— In this city. August 8, 1904, George
Hall, beloved husband of Claire Hall, a na-
tive of Los Angeles, aged 29 years 3 months
and 22 days.
E7"Remaln3 at the chapel of Clark &
Booth. G12 and 614 Van Neso avenue, be-
tween Golden Gate avenue and Turk street.
HAVER— In this city. August 2. 1904. Katie,
; bfloved wife of F. S. Haver, a native of San
Francisco, acred 35 years.
KALB— In Sauealito. August 2. 1904, Hilaria
E. Kalb, beloved wife of Paul J. Kalb. and
daughter of Damian Eaoinosa, and sister of
Josephine E. Lopez and Martin. Francis and
Lorott.-v Espinosa, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years 6 months and 20 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fuly Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
August 4. from the residence of Mrs. Victor
Geremaux. SauBallto, thence to St. Mary*i
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Sausalito.
KELLXER — In Oakland. August 3. 1904,
Kmil. beloved husband of Tony Kellner. and
father of Mrs. Helen Schrelber. Mrs. Her-
mann Matthies and Erjiest, William and
Mamie Kellner. a native of Hanover. Ger-
many, aged 67 years fl months and 27 days.
A member of Lookout Mountain Post, G.
A. R.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral services,
Saturday, August «. at 2 o'clock, at his lat«
residence, cottage 5, University Park, Berke-
ley. Cremation at Oakland Crematorium.
LEIBE— In this city, August 8, 1904, Jocie P.,
beloved wife of Dr. T. N. Lelbe. a native of
Ohio, aged 43 years.
LOBE— In this city. August 2. 1904, BImon
Lobe, a native of France, aged 92 years.
MAYER— In this city. August 2, 1904, Leon,
beloved husband of the late Julie Mayer,
and beloved father of Mrs. Leopold Meyer
of Antioch. Mrs. Charles London and Mrs.
Philip Latz of Modesto, a native of For-
bach. Lorraine aged 77 years 0 months and
19 days.
(CjrKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
August 4. 1004. at 10 a. m.. from the resi-
dence of Charles London. S10 Shrader street,
near Frederick. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery via ll:.10 a. m. train from Third
nnd Townsend streets.
Mi-COND — In Cupertino, Santa Clara County,
August 3. 3ftO4. Ella, beloved daughter of
Jamrs and the late Mary McCond, and eister
of B?lle, Frank. Walter and the late William
McCond, a native of California, aged, 36
yeare.
ETFrlends anJ ac/juaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from the.
lesidence of her father, on the McClelland
road, Cupertino, to-morrow (Friday), August
5, at 10 o'clock, th'nco to St. Mary's
Cliurch. Santa Clara, where a requiem maes
will be celebrated. Interment Santa Clarar
P1EUCE — In this city, .August 2, 1004, Percy
Pierce, a native of California, aged 32 years.
REIXHARDT— In Wailuku, Maui, May 17.
li>04, William Edward Reinhardt, beloved
husband 01 Mrs. W. E. Reinhardt, and
fatber of Louisa, Edward. Henry and George
Reinhardt, and eon of Louisa an« the late
1-'. W. Reinhardt. and brother of .Uoufs F-.
Lulu and Alfred Reinhardt. and uncle of
Frt<3 J. anil Sophie, Reinhardt, a native of
fan Francisco, aged 54 years.
REMILLARn— In Oakland* August 3, 15)01,
at his residence, corner of A'lamf and Per-
kins Ktr^ets. Peter N.. beloved hu^'oand' of
Cordelia ReioiUard. and father of Emma J.
and l-tll:p.n V. Itemlllard. a native of Can-
ada, agrd >J7 years ¦': months and '2 days.
EJTNoiice of funeral hereafter.
BCHWAKZ— In this city, AiiRiist 2. lt>04.
Henri, dearly betovtd husband of Annie
Schwarz, arid devoted father of Mrs. H.
Helmer. Mrs. A. llaury. Mrs. A. fcenott,
Mrs. C. Fredericks and Henri. Frederick,
Alfred. Louies. August. Oeorcrle and Julius
Bcfawara, a native of Alsa<-c -Lorraine, aged
«jl remra 10 m jr.the and :.' days.
BlIEPPAim— In this city. August 3. 1904.
•-'harks Lewis. <learly beloved and only sari
cf Charley and .lohannah Sheppaxd, a native
cf San Francisco, agni 2-'{ days.
CJTFriends ar-l acquaintances arp respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral t*day
(Thursday). >u?u^t 4. at a o'clock, from the
residence of his parent?, 4* Hancock street.
between BJctiteentb and Nineteenth and
«'hurch ana Saaches streets. Interment
Miiunt Olivet Cemetery.
STOFKEIIS- In this city. August 3, 1MH.
Henrietta KlizabeUi StoSera, beloved daugh-
ter of C. V. and Elizabeth J. Stoffern, and
sister of Clarence EL and Ruben C. Stoffers,
a native of t=an 1'iancisco, aged a ytars 11
months and 13 days.
BTOEVKN — Jn thin city. August 3. 1904,
Louise Rtoeren. beloved nite of the late
Henry Sioe\«n. and mother of Mrs. A.
Dittniann. a natite of Saxon-Weimar. Ger-
many, aged 7'J years 2 months and 19 Jays.
Ac member of the Kan Francisco Schuftz^n
Ladi<s' Vtrcin.
H^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atteiifi the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2:3<> o'clock, from the parlors
Ktt the 11. l\ Maa;i5 Company. Ot 7 Mission
street: Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SUTHERLAND— In this city. August 2. 1904,
Mary Sutiierlgnii. belcvpj mother of WlUiam
G and Andrew D. riuthfrland an<1 Mrs. Ly-
fcrJ Sinclair, a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, aged 71 rears.
ft jT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Tunrsdny>, at S::;0 a. m.. from her iate resi-
dence, I^'.I Union streei, thence to St.
Rrigid's Churrh. where - a tolrrnn lequirm
mass will b«> crlcbratod for the r>:posf of her
f-cu!. comm'cnciiiB at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.PETROLEUM— Quiet.
COFFEE: — The market for cofTee closed
somewhat Irregular. Sales were reported of
S6.ZS0 bags; Including: September, at 6c; Octo
ber. 6.IO0; December, 6.25tfr6.30c; March. 6.00c;
May. «.75©6.80c; July. 6.95c. Spot Rio, mild,
•teady; No. 7 Rio. 7 7-16c.
SUGAR — Raw firm: fair refinlng,;8Hc; -cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4c; molasses sugar, 3V«c.
. Refined firm: crushed,' B.Wc; powdered. 5.23c;
granulated. 5.15c. All grades of refined sugar
NETW YORK. Aug. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts.
11.800; exports. 900. Flmly held but continued
quiet. Minnesota bakers 1 . $3 85ffl4 20.
WHEAT— Receipts,. 43.000 bushels. Spot
firm No. 2 red, nominal elevator; No. 2 red
$1 02 f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth,
$1 15% f. o b. aflcat; No. 1 North, hard
Manltobe, nominal f. o. b.. afloat. Options
were lower In general, owing to liquidation.
In the last hour they railed on coverinc, and
closed n«t higher. May, f>STi.@$l O014,
closed sa^ic: September. 98 H ©98 %c. closed
OOUc: December closed at 08$»c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . Bwpt: Dec.
Op-snlng 6 U«4' 6 11^4
Closing .6 10% S 11H
PARIS, "i.-
Wheat— A«*« Nov. -Feb.
Op*nln5 22 C3 22 90
Closing 21 SO 22 65
Flour — _
Opening 29 80 30 15
Closing :........ 29 53 29 90
" St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 3.— WOOL— Strong • and
active. Medium grades, combing and. clothing.
20<325c; light fine, lft©20c; heavy fine, 12916c;
tub washed, 21®34c. - V
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 3.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 6Sc- bluestem. 7Cc; valley, 77©78c
• WASHINGTON. \
TACOMA. Aug. 3.— WHEAT — Unchanged;
bluestem. 75c; club,. 70c.*
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 3.— Clearings,' $7S1,004; toal->
Late mall advices from New York say of
Hops: "Cable advices were received from
the Continent reporting the fall of needed rains
ln Germany and Austria, thus relieving the
anxiety over the crop situation ln these two
countries. Cable advices also were received
from London reporting improving prospects for
the English crop. No new developments were
reported from the coast or up the State. Lo
cally there was an unchanged and firm mar
ket. Dealers' stocks Were small and as the
Indications were that these ¦ supplies were
needed they : were held for full values. .
"Advices received from Oregon say that
Hop picking ln that State Will commence ln
the latter part of Augnst. the dry weather
causing an unusually early maturity."
HIDE3 AND SKINS— Culls and brands sen
about WGlc under quotations*. Heavy aalted
steers, 10c: medium. 9c; light. 8^c; Cow
Hides, SgS^Ac for heavy and S<SS*ic for light;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal 10c-
Salted Calf, lie: dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c
dry Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, ahearllngs. 25@40o
each: short Wool. 40865c each: medium, 75<O
90c: long Wool. $161 50: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2$2 50 for medium. $1 23
61 75 for small and 30c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry $1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $19
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins
Dry Mexican. SOc; dry salted Mexican. 23c: dry
Central American. 30@82Hc. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do, $1 23;
large and smooth. tOc; medium. 35c; small.
20c.
• TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; grease. 2%Q3c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3. — Cotton futures opened
easy; August. 10c Wd: 10.06c asked; Sep
tember, 9.75c: October. 9.63a: November. 9.57c;
December. 9.55c; January. 9.57c.
Cotton futures closed steady; Angwt. 9 47c*
September. 9.70c; October, 9.58c; November'
9.4Sc: December, 9.51c: January. B.53c; Feb
ruary. 9.55c; March, 9.53c.
Nav York Cotton Market.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
"*" WEDNESDAY. Aog. S— 2 9. to.
CNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) . Bid. Ask.
4s qr cou3..106'41C« s i!4s qr cp new.l31««il^2
4s qr reg...lC6J-ilO6*;!3s 1* coup... 105 105%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. '
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6sJl« 120
Asso Oil 5s. 70 T7% Do 5s 1X0 — -
Eay CPC 5*.101«i — Do con Bs.lQ2U103H
Cal C G 5s.lOl£lO% Oceanic. S 5s. — 72*4
Cal G & E x Ota Cable 6s. — 124
m A ct 8s. — S3 P*e O Ira 4s. 02H 83}*
Cal-st C 59.113 — P B Ry 5S..104X, —
C C Wat 5s. — 10O PtCH «a.l(K —
Edt. A P 68.123 — P & O R 6s.ll4 —
F 4: C H 6s.U2% — Powetl-st «s. — 114
Oeary-st 5s.. — 80 Sac Ert.% F.r.s . 99*4100
H C&9 5HS.10O — SF & SJVSs.m^ltS
Do 5s -89^101 Sierra R 9a.. — 115
Hon R T 89.106H107 S P of A 8s
L A Elec 5s. — — .(1908) 107 —
L A Ry 5s. .113 — a910> 10SH —
L A L Co (1 — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — <19f3)3r A. 103 108^4
Do ltd 5s. - 103% <190S1Sr B.104 —
LAP lcn> 5S.1011; — U90ff> 106* —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll3*i — (1912) 11* '— *
Do lrtn Cs.115 — SPC 1 eg 5s. 110 "—
MV& MtTSslOlH — Do starapd-109%IC9*
NRR of CCa.106 — S P B R 6s. 1311, —
Do 5s U7% — S V Wat fls.lW?^ —
N P C R 5s.lC5 — Do 4a 2dm. 9SV, 93*4
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. — 100
N C P C 5s. — 100 . Do * mt*4s 9* —
N S R R Cs. — 101 Stkn GAEfls. 93 —
O O LAH 53.107 108 U O * E 5a. — 102X4
O W gtd 5s. — 10O
"V7ATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 26 40 |Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — CO |S V Wat Co. 38% 37
GAS AND ELECTRIC,
Cent LAP. 3fc 3»4|S F G A B. 61 MJ4
Mutual E L. — 14 IStka O A E. — TH
Pac L Co... — 8SH1U O & E Co. — —
DfSTRANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 34O I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 13rt L P A A.... — 135
Anglo-Cal .. — W Mer Trust.. ..210 —
Bank of Cal. 420 423 Mercb Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 15* JS F NatlonL — —
First Natlonl — — I
River Potatoes ruled firm during the early
trade under light supplies and a steady de
mand, and fresh arrivals of whites cleaned up
readily at a higher range of prices. The prin
cipal river boat arrived rather late and
brought a heavy cargo, but the prices estab
lished at the opening were well maintained
and the wharf was well cleaned up at the
close. • Small lots of Salinas Burbanks were
still bringing $1 75 per cental,- but the top
quotation was considered an extreme figure
for the general market. Yellow Onions con
tinued to decline and ruled very weak, with
supplies accumulating.
There waa continued weakness In miscel
laneous vegetables and large quantities had to
be held over. Lima Beans had a sharp de
cline and other Beans were practically unsal
able. The top quotations for Green Corn in
sacks ' was . obtained " only for the best stock
from across the bay.- Offerlngi from Stockton
were hard to sell at 30<@73c per sack and some
very poor lota were offering at 25c. but found
few buyers. Tomatoes continued . to arrive
freelv apd there waa an abundance of caxried
over stock on hand.
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river.
85c@$l 25 per ctl in sacks and $lg-l 50 per
ctl ln boxM; Salinas Burbanks, $1 50^1 65 per
ctl • WatsonvIUe Burbanks, $1 25©1 50; Early
Rose. 85c**$l; Garnet Chiles, 83c@$l; old Po
tatoes nominal."
¦ ONIONS — Sllversklns. $1 15©1 85 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn,' $1©1 50 per
crate and 50c®$l per sack; Green Peas. l@3c
per lb; String and .Wax Beans, from 60c per
sack to lc per lb: Lima Beans. 2«4$3^c per lb;
Tomatoes, In small boxes, nominal; large open
boxes, 2045 35c; Summer Squash.: 20030c per
box; Cabbage. $1 per ctl: Carrots, $1 per sack;
Cucumbers. 25©40c per box; Pickle Cucumbers,
nominal; Garlic. 33 ic per lb; Egg Plant. 40®
There Is no further change to report ln any
description under this head.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 55; Pea. $2 90^3 10;
Butters, $3 25; small White. $2 00^3 10; large
White, $2 40gr2 65: Pink. $3 60®3 75: Red. $4 25
@4 50; Lima. $3 50<S3 60; Red Kidneys. $4 50;
Blackeyes, $2 20#2 30 per ctl; Ucrse Beans,
$1 75©2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, none here; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25: Flax. $1 9O@2 25; Canary, fl%@
7c; Alfalfa. 15@15«tc; Rape. lH©2%c; Timo
thy. 5?- 4 c; Hemp. 3V4&3HO per lb; Millet. 2H
(pSHc: Bfoom Corn Seed. $20021 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas, $3 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onio?is and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel 8*4e; three
half barrels. 8Vic: one tierce. 8Hc; two tlercee
8c; flve tierces. 7Tjc per lb.
Previous condiUons prevail here and at other
points. Brokers' wires from Chicago yester
day said: *;it Is the same dull, waiting mar
ket. There was eome little selling to-day,
which the pit thought was for local packers.
The packers seem to be gaining ground In the
strike and production J<t steadily Increasing."
CURED MEATS—^.con. 10c per lb for
heavy. 10J4e for light medium. 12%c for light.
13 We for extra light and 18c for sugar-cured-
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13Hc; California
Hams, 12 J ,4c; Mess Beef. $10^10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $U@11 50; Family. $12©12 50;
prime Mesa Perk. $14 50: extra clear. $21;
Mess, $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 9\ie; Pig Pork.
$24; Pigs* Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD^ — Tierces quoted at &S<JV4c per lb for
common and 9c for pure; half-barrels pure
8V4c; 10-lb tins. 8*ic; 5-lb tins. »ftc: 3-lb tins.
10c. '! ->¦-¦.¦"
Proz'isions.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Blocks-- Sale,. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 10,500 7SU 7714 Vs
Atchison. pfd 100 96»4 »sI2 96
iai^wVS 2 : 1W M * ¦¦¦«* gi
Sr.r C f P N cl 5 c ::: ..^ »H ™*
Che<ap«Lke & Ohio. SOO 33»i ii'sl «*'
STaM;: . 1 ;!« "* -S8 S&
Chl II Ot West 100 14 1/ i'.'u ?i
Chi & N W 100 17!>H K9S 1701Z
Chl M t fit P 7,900 147H lic2 147
Chi Mt£tP pfd. ..... * 140 ™ iii-,
Chl Term & Trans [ x '5?»
Chl T * T pfd ¦ .,1?
C C C 4 Bt L I"]*
Colo Southern 1,200 14tt ii" ,'T
Colo So Irt pfd 600 49 49 it
Colo Bo 2d pfd.... 100 19V ig« " u
Delaware ft Hud.. 300 160 i M I5fti!
Del. Lack i West Xfi^*
Denver * R O *£?„
Denver & R G pfd )**- £i™
Erie 2,500 23U 24S 25
Erie 1st pfd 1.300 «2«{ e&2 ««
Erie 2d Pfd " « 7 2
Hocking. Valley 242
Hocking Valley pfd rail
Illinois Central 400 133U 133U 1331?
Iowa Central...... 100 1%tJ i 8 ?J *~^
Iowa Central pfd.. ' 200 S3 35 22
Kansas City So.... ..... ' .... .... 21
Kansaa City So pfd 400 44 « 43
Louisville A Naaa. 7.100 116'^ no>4 n<sa&
Manhattan L .. 1,390 150'i 149*,, 149 v
Met Securities vtil
Met St Ry... X0.700 119Vi 118H Ilg2
Mexican Central... 100 ' S*i 9\ oi?
Mlna & St Loola.. 100 46'.j 46 '.3 47
NEW TORK, Aor. 3. — Speculative activity
in nocks continued ll«ht to-day, but such
ir.t»reit as there was shifted in a pronounced
way to stocks of railroads who«e traffic is
largely maie^ \if of cctton. This was not sur
prlsir.g ln visw of the character of the report
of the Agricultural Department on the con
dition cf the cotton crop on July 25. which
rcaie its erp«arance at noon to-day and which
presented a eltuation without precedent in
the history of the cotton trade. The average
condition of 91.6 per cent has never been ex
ceeded except »t the corresponding period ln
l. fi i4. when 61. 3 per cent was reported. Added
to thi, the fact that the 32.000.000 acrta
plar.ted this year in much the largest on
recr.rd and the seneatlonal view of the report
taken by the speculative markets will be un
dcrvtood. Attention was somewhat diverted
fn-m the spring wheat ultuatSon and tha
wheat market also revealed some inclination to
regard yesterday's alarm on that score as
overdone. The tone of the general speculation
ln stocks, however. vr\r markedly conservative
In eplte of the sympathetic effect of the ad
vance in the cotton carriers. Southern Pa
cific's riye was the only instance cf notable
strength <n the general list acd was unex
pialned by news. Jt was regarded as designed
to further the subscription demand fcr the
c«w stork.. An increase In refined sugar and
a decline ia copper were equally without ef
fect on 5-ugar and en Amalgamated Copper.
Labor dlfftmltiea were a continuing repressive
effect. Sterling exchange advanced again to
where ro'.d fxr.orts were unchanged from tact
week snd a goll outpo became an Immediate
probability asair.et it. The market closed
rather heavy at rosie recMsion*.
The bond market generally was dull but firm.
Total ealea. par value. $2,000,000
United State, bonds were unchanged en call.
New York Stock Market.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3— To-daj-s state
ment of the treasury balance? In the general
fund, exclusive of the *150.CO0.000 irold reserve
In the diviklon of ie<1empti-'n. fihows: Avail
able caih balir.ee. $152,491. 5Si; gold, $45,557,-
Condition of the Treasury.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Aug. 3.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 2000. strong to 10c higher. Native
»teers. $tft5 90; cows and heifers, $304 25:
Western «teer«, . $3<S5 10; Texas steers. . $2 75©
8 85; ranre cow» and heifers, $2@3 40: can
ners. $1 25<?2 50: stockers and feeders, $2 60©
4; calves, (305 25: bulls, $2^4.
HOGS — Receipts. C00O. 5c higher. Heavy,
$4 8565: mixed. $4 90«4 P5: light, $4 Oig-5 10;
Mcv. $4 ,V>ff5: bulks. $4 0503.
¦ SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Steady. Western
yearlings. S3 75^1 25; wethers, $3 25<g3 85;
ewes', $2 75Q3 50: common and stockers, $2 25©
3 40; lambs. $5@13.
Miscellaneous Markets. |
Omaha.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000. Strong. Muttons,
$3 25'!J'l7r»; Iambs. $4#8 25; rang* wethers,
$3 75$vi 75; ewes, $3*f3 75.
HOGS — Receipts. 7000. S^lOc higher. Bulk.
J3 05«JS 20; heavy. $3 05C3 15: packers, $5 05
©3 23; pigs and lights. $!75<gfl35.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 3.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 5000. SteaSy to strqng. Native steers,
$3 75©6; native cows and helfen. $1 75@5 15:
stockers and feeder*. $2 23<JM 50: bulls. $2 25
«f.1 50; calves, $2 50-35; Western steers, $3 75@
5 50: Western cows, $1 75-8" 3 50.
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— CATTLE — Receipts.
6500. Ftearty. Good to prime steers. $5 45 1 ®
C 10; poor to medium. $4'5.": stockers and feed
ers. |2fl3S5: cow«. $1 50<9»; heifers. $2fl>4 25;
canncr*. Jl .'^72 50; bulls. $2R4: calves, $2 50@
0: Ti>x*<= fed steers. $3g4 50; Western steers,
$.1 7.'tf 3 S3.
HOOK— Receipts: To-day. 12.000; to-morrow.
15.CC0. c-ood hoes. 5310c higher. Mixed and
butch«>r5. $5 20-jIo 55: goo<l to choice heavy,
$. r i SOei B0; rough heavy. $4 S0<g5 20; light.
$5 £r>*W5 ."5; b-jlk. $.'» 2ofl5 45.
SHEEP— n°ceipts. 14.CC0. Steady. Good to
chcice wethers. $3 75^*4 25: fair to choice
mixed. $:iiz3 73: Western sheep, $3 75f$4 25;
ratlre larr.bs, $4?7; Western lambs. $4 75@
6 M.
Kansas City.
Chicago.
I CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS. |
rr — — -^— — — ——»—————-—- iiih *x
CHICAGO. Aug. ?..— On the Produce Ex
chapRo to-day the butter market was steady:
ermmtrtes jr?'g'17c: dairies. 12®15c. Eggs
firm. lS^.'Sie^ic. Chease steady. 7*i©8^ac
Butter, Qhccsc and Eggs.
The Paclflc States Telephone and Telegraph
Company, which In July increased the rate of
its quarterly dividend from 6 per cent to 7 par
cent, reports an increase of $231.1<3 tn gross
earnings and an Increase of $239,323 ta profit*
for the five months ended May 31.
The United Milk Company of 8«n Francisco
is now paying a regular monthly dividend of 5
cents per share.
The Imperial Pumping Company of San
Francisco has levied an assessment of 4 cents
per thare/ delinquent September 1.
The Philippine 4 per cent loan of 1914-1334
paid quarterly interest, amounting to $70,»0O.-
C0O on August.
Bonds sold very well in th« afternoon en th»
Bond Exchange, but shares war* quiet all day.
Alaska Packers advanced $1 to $123. but thera
were no ether changes of note. Th« oil and
mining stocks continued quiet.
Late dlvtdends are: Pacific Portland Ce
ment Company, regular monthly dividend No.
2 of 50 cents p*r share, payabl* Augnst 20;
Sovereign Oil Company, regular quarterly. 1>»
cents per share., amounting to $7500. payabla
Auirust 13: Sterling O. and D. Company, regu
lar quarterly. 7 cents per ahar«. an tncreas«
of 1 cent, amounting to $17,500. payable Au
gust 15; California- street. Cable Railroad Com
pany, a regular monthly cf 73 cent! per share,
on August 10.
Ex-dlvidend yesterday: Edlscn Light and
Power Company «s, 1921. regular quarterly,
amounting to $*345.
The gross earnings ef th- California and
Northwestern Railway Company for June wer*
$125,704. a decrease of $SS7 as compared with
June, 1903 ard the net earnings wero $39,518.
an Increase cf $7070. The gross earnings ia
creased $33,3S3 and the net earnings d«cr*ased
$37,600 for the six months ended June 30.
Bonds Continue to Lead Stocks in
the List of Sales. \
SHORTS— $21ff22 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barlty. $"]2 50<?23 30
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $.Sf 5O@32 50;
Jobbing. $33: Cocoanut Cake. J22S23: Corn
Meal. $30 5O$31 50; Cracked Corn. $31@32;
Mixed Feed. *22'<£22 50; Horse Beans. *JOS 10
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. »0c per ctl.
HAT— Wheat. $0ffU. with $12^12 50 for ex
tra fine; Wheat and Oat. $9811: Oat, $7 SV9
11; Barley and Oat. $7tr9 50: Volunteer Wild
Oat, $78P: stable. $769 50; stock. %& 5007 50;
Clover, $T 50«9 50; Alfalfa. $7©10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 5O«?70c per bale.
NEW TOP.K. Aug. 3. — Close — Money on call.
verv easy. * 4 €1 per cent; closing bid "4 per
cent; offered at 1 p*r cent. Tim* leans w»r»
ea»y: »!xty ar.d nirety dayc, a per cent;
Elx rrj<>nth!". 31*93*4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 3*- t @4 1 4 per c?nt.
Eterling exchange, firm, with actual business
ln bankers' bills at $4.f«10 fcr demand and at
$4. cMO for sixty-day bills.
Potted rates. $4 S6 and $4 SSH8* S3.
Har silver. SS'^c.
Mexican dr liars, loric. ,
Oovcrnment bcrds, steady; . railroad bonds.
Cm.
Nezv Ycrk Moncv Market.
EASTERN 3IABKETS.
There is no further news regarding th»
Raisin situation and everything else Is as pre
viously stated.
Late mail advices from New Tork say: "For
the season thrre Is reported ta be a very good
jobbing demand for spot Prunes, with stocks
llpht and badly broken. Sizes 60s to 90s in
clusive are particularly scarce, and It la held
that unless seme stock of these sizes Is shortly
shipred from tlie roast the spot market will b<s
made bare by tfce steady requirements of con
sumption. The demand, however, does not
se*m to include SOs. There is a steady demand
for carload lots of new crop for October ship
ment on a 2c f. o. b. bag basis for Santa
Clara and ls%c for northern fruit, but no dis
position Is shown to buy on a larger scale.
We hear of no business of consequence In
either Peaehe> or Apricots of the new crop
for forward shipment from the roast, buyer*
apparently holding off for concessions from the
present high prices. Spot stocks of both va
rieties an? about exhausted."
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7*i l g9'4c:
Peaches. 5-*i<37t£e per lb; Pears, 6®9^c: Figs,
2-crown bricks. 52Hc: 3-crown. 55c: 4-crown"
C5c; 0-crown. 75c; bulk white. .1Vi63He: black
4c. Old crop — Evaporated Apples^. 6HS71&C per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. l%S2Uc fcr the four
sizes.
RAI3INS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50-lb boxes — Locse Muscatels, 3-crown
3c; 2-crown. 2»4c; Malaga, loose. 3-crown.
2*ic; 2-crown. 2};c: seedless Sultanas, 3c:
seedless Muscatels. 2V*c: Seeded Raisins, 16-oz
cartons, fancy. 4V4c: choice. 4c; 12-os cartons,
fancy. 3%c: choice. 3lic per lb. •
NUTS— "Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13?4Q14c;
No. 2. lim?12c; No. 1 hardshjll, 13®13Hc;
No. 2. ll®llHc; Almonds. 13313Uc for new
Nonpareils. 12®12t,c tor I X U 12#12Hc for
Ne Plus Ultra; Peanuts, 6*S7e for Eastern; P«
cans. llS13c; Cocoanuts. $t r.i>a.*>.
HONEY — Comb. lH4<313c for white and 1O9
lie for amber: water white extracted. 5®«5c;
light amber extracted. 4Hf?5c; dark. 8H®4Uc.
BEESWAX— 27g29c per lb.
Dried Fruits. Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Flour cr sks... 2. 220 1 Shorts, sks 23
Wheat ctls 4.30^! Fe*d. sks 33»
Barley', ctls U.9C3| Hides. N» S.020
Oats, ctls ...... 2.4t"9Pelts. No 1.525
Bear.9. sks 12 Tallow, ctls 2fO
Corn (West>. ctls 1. 500' Leather, roll* .. 75
Potatoes sks ... 2,011! Ume. bbls 273
Onions sks 357! Paper, reams' ... «$%
Middlings, sks .. S4rHW!n<?. gals 89 *<*>
Hay. tons BO3jSngar. etls 50<>
Wool bales 63i Quicksilver, 5 sks 213
OREGON.
Wool, bales 3| *v
FOR "WEDNESDAY. ATGTST 8.
Receipts of Produce.
CHICAGO. Aug. .". — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, with price* In some
Ins-tances 10f:20c hlpher; No. 2 spring wheat.
$1@1 02; No. :t. D2jWSc: No. 2 red. O«5if?-.»7c:
No 2 corn. ."2iic; No. 2 yellow, 53Hc; No. 2
oats. Kt>-;£C4V: No. 2 white, new, 36H®
37Uc: No. ."5 white. 35.H0p8c; No. 2 rye. We;
good feeding barley. 35c; fair to choice malt
ing. 42343c: No. 1 flaxsecd, $1 17"; No. 1
Ncrth weaterrt. ?1 24: prime timothy »ee«I,
$1 03: mesa pork, per bbl.' $12 85'312 90; lard,
per 1C0 lb« .«t3 SO^'j »2ti; short ribs sides
<lor.«ei %- 50C7 <?2Vi: short clear stdes (boxed),
$«SS 2.*i: whisky. ba?ls of hiKh w'.nes, $1 2S;
clover, rcntract crade, $11 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
FVtir. bbls 3S.5(V> 19,300
AVh«at bu 2K7.OO0 130,400
Ccrn bu 250. son l«o,000
Oat!>. hu 2S7.1W lfO.000
Rye' bu 7.000 5. COO
Bnriey. bu 13.200 4.400
Cash Grain and Provisions.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colura — Grapes in good condition, large crop;
picking will commence ln a Jew days.
Kanfcrd — Whect croc tood; hay crop ex
c?ll*nr.
C!oi"cnlaie — Peaches and prunes, very short
crrp.
Willow* — All crops in good condition.
Riverside — Eupply of Irrigatirg vrater Rood.
Jcso — CanneJ cherries estis:av«<i at 1G0
cars. • -.,.. .
Hollister — Hay nearly all baled; large crop,
fire qn&lltv. • ¦ •-.*,¦..,
Napa— High fc«; no change in crop condl
tiens
.~..r.ra Maria — Fcggy morning* and cool days
continue, with unchanged crop conditions.
Livermcre — Threshing will continue two
weeks yet.
Palermo— Almonds cracking open earlier than
usr.al: crops light.
Newrnaa— Conditions same. ¦ » '
A. G. McADIE.
w 711 * J7.,** ? f «i?^iT l ln the °P« n market for
short bilU Is 2«i«2% per cent and for thre
months bills CTi FT cent.
Con* for monev.. R7«lN Y Central I2t
Do for acct..S7 15-lf>l Snr & Western r2
Anaconda 3*;i Do pfd 91
AtrMson 7<»HlO T1 t & Western... 31 «;
Do nfd fl«H! Pennsylvania .. ClU
Bait ft Ohio sr,t4lRa rr j Mlsea gri
Can Pacific .....l?S*4!Readln* " jeu
Ch-s ft Ohln 34141 D 3 1st r f/J it
Chi Hreat Wext. 14UI Do 2d nfd "' 3,1
Chi Mil & St P.ITO14IS0 Railway '" ' «s
De Been. 1!> | Do pfd .' .".'." 0114
Den & Rio O 224tSo Pacific fitU
Oo Pfd 71 I Union Pacific f»«
Erie 25% I no nM WK
T>o 1ft rfd «HlU S St'e»l '..' ijsi
Dft 2<l P?d .".7 I Do rfd ... f?5«i
111 Central \?.n |w«ha«h jrti
I.out» A Na«h... .I17UI Do rfd 3<*ia
M. K & Texa«... lflVi!PpanI*h 4« .".' S3U
Bar xllver— ft-ady. 27d per ounce.
Money— 2»4£2*; per cent
London Closing Stocks.
ilorer — It," S Ft«>e! jo.-
Cal! loans 2 *?3^i! Do pfd [ 61U
Time loans . . .3^QiW, Westing Common! 7S
Bonds— I Mining—
AtchUon 4* 101%!Adventur» .. 37Ue
Do a1j 4<! SMHjAllouez " sit
Mex Central 4a... <52 l 4'Amal Copper . ' vjl
Railrcads — JAtner Zinc ... " lj .
Atchison 7S (Atlantic su
Do pM Ort HiriKham •>!»:
B-ston & Albany. 24S ! Calumet & Heela 4«0
Boston &¦ Maine.. l«»> ICentonnlal 2{
Boston Etev 14S%l«"oprFr Rnnce "!" T'l't
Fltrhburp pfd 1.17 iDal>- West " iji;
JIfX (-etitra! OVi'Dom Cral " <«!;
N T. N H ft H..1D9 I Franklin 7
Pexe Marqnefte... 74 Grancy o'i
Union Pacific C."4| im* Kovale 10 .?
Amer Arse Chem. It ! iTa«s Mining 4
Do rfd 75 I Mohawk ;; <.t
Amer Pneu Tulx*. 4 | Mont Conl ft Coke h''.
Amrr Sugar 1?0 [Old Dominion ... 12%
Do pfd l2o 1 4!O*ceola fj.lii
Amer Tel ft Tel. 1*3 1 Parrot ; 54 *
Amer Woolen . .-. H^AiOuIncy -¦ ci
Do pfd 77V, 'Shannon .'[.' .-?!/
Dotn Iron & R 8i4|Tamarack • £1'£
VA Elect Ilium... 24S ! Trinity ..'...'. '" 73/
Otn Electrir 1^2H!U S Mlnlnff ..." 21 u
Masn Electric 37»ilT T SOil ' mil
Do r« *« lUtah i 37.V
M«m Gas 39 | Victoria ' in
United Fruit 103 IWinona " ?ii
Ur She- Mach... »U I Wolverine . • "' 7S
Do Pfd 30%!
COAL. OIL— Water "Whit* Coal Oil. ta butt.
I3c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 19*£c: Astral. l»He:
Star. 13'4c: Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 28c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorl2ed Sto<v» Gaaollna, in bulk.
lCc: in cases. BHe; Benzine, in balk. 13c; la
cases, lOUc; 86-degree Gasoline, la bulk, 23c;
in cases, 31c.
"TURPENTINE— Slo per gallon ia eaaea and
75c In drurr.s and lrcn barrelsi
RED AND WHITE LEAD— RM Lead. TV.©
7»Jc per lb: White Lead. 7&®7%e, according
to quantity.
SUGAR — Tha Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, tn 100- lb bags:
Cubes, A Crashed and Fine Crushed. 8.06c:
Powdered. 5.!>0c; Candy Granulated, 3:dOc; Dry
Oranulated, flae, 3,S0c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.S0c; Fruit Granulated. 5.90c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lh bags only). : Confectioners*
A. 5S0c: Magnolia A, 5.40c; Extra. C. 5.30c:
Golden C. 5.2Or; "D." 5.10c; barrels. 10c mort;
half barrels. 23>c mere; boxes. 50c more; BO-lt»
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Hal?
barrels, fl.SOc: boxis. «.55c; H. A E. Crystal
Dcminos. 8.80c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy -flve barrels cr Its equivalent,
BAG3 — Grain Bags. S^c: Ban Quentls. $4 73;
¦Wool Bags. SOC32c; FVec« Twine. THc: Fruit
Bags, <Ji4©T%c.for whlt« and 7c for brown
Jnt#.
COAli — Wellington. $S per ton; Nrw Welling
ton. $S: Seattle. IS 50: Bryant. $6 50: Bemvtrr
Hill. *5 50; Standard. $7: Rcalyn. $7; Coo«
Bay. J5 CO: Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $11 23 in
sack*; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Weish Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Luirsp.
$11 50: Car.net. $3 50 per ten; Coke. $11 30©1.1
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 20CO lbs and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add Sc; LJnaeed. 57c per gallon far boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 1091 12; Loco!. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nat. cases.
65t?S0o per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrel.'.
5£c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Eperm oil. HZc: extra, bleached winter Whala
Oill 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra wlnt«r
strained Lard Oil. 73c: No. 1 Lard Oil. 63c;
pure Neatsfoot OIL 73c; No. 1 N«atsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oli.
40c; Salmon Oil, 34c; belled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 33c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31e.
General Merchandise.
FIGS — *1 25ft 1 50 r*r box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, <1 25S1 75 per crate;
Nutmtg Melons from the river. 5O@73c per box;
Watermelons. $1 2o@3 per dozen.
GRAPES— 50t?75c per email box or crate;
open boxes. $1.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 P0@2 50 per
hex for Valencia* and $1 2">-ai 5O for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons. $2 25-62 75 for fancy.
$1 5O@l 75 for choice ar.d Jlgl 25 for stand
ard; Grape Fruit. Jl^rl 50: Mexican Limes,
$4g4 50 per ca?e; Bananas, Jl S01}3 per bunch
for Central American and 75C351 50 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 5CS2 50 per doiea.
Trade in deciduous fruits was quite active,
as In addition to the regular demand for local
and near-by wants there was a good inquiry
for top quality stock for shipment to Puget
Sound ports. Small packages of Peachee.
Plums and Apricots did better as a result of
the increased demand, and occasional sales of
desirable varieties of Plums were reported at
a sliKht*advance over the quotations. Peaches
In lug boxes were in good request locally, with
the general run of offerings selling from 73c
to ?1 per box, while strictly fancy stock from
NUes readily commanded the outside quota
tions. The leading canners were offering $25
per ten for good stock, and one outside con
cern paid $-35 for one lot. , There were no fresh
arrivals of Apricots in bulk, and what stock
wa« carried over from Tuesday was cleaned up
at nominal prices. Advices from the growing
districts say that the crop of Royals Is about
exhausted. Wrapped Bartlett Pears weT« In
rood request and steady and a few Icta sold
for shipping at a small premium. Bulk stock
was well cleaned up by canners at tha pre
viously quoted rates. Apple3 continued weak,
with the top quotation an extreme figure for
the fanciest stock. Nutmeg Melons were low
er under Increased receipts, while other Melons
were steady at unchanged rates. Grapes w-r«
plentiful and small packages dragged badly
at a lower range of prices. Berries were gen
trally lower, as the demand was less urgent
and offerings were not up to th» usual
"STRAWBERRIES- S4S6 per chest tVjAOJB
worths, $4g« for Alvlso Berries and |2 60©
4 50 for the larger varieties.
BLACKBERRIES- $1 MV33 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $6®8 per chest.
HVCKLF.BERRIES— 11312HC
" APRICOTS — Small boxes, 40©o0c; crates,
APPLES— $2 "81 55 per box fcr fancy. 65@SSo
for choice ani 33S50c for common; Crab Ap
ples 5C<«i6Oc for small bcxes.
PEARS — Bartlett 10 per box for
wrapped stock: in open boxes. $30 per ton for
No. 1 and 40S50c per box for No. 2.
PEACHES — Small boxes. 35I?60c; open boxes
and carriers. 50@70c; lug boxes. 73cg$l 13;
barket?. 31X340C.
PLUM3 AND PRUNES — Plums. 5OCC3c rer
crate and 30<546c per email box; In bulk. $20
per ton for canning varieties. Prunes. 60«375c
per box or crate.
NECTARINES— 75cg$l per crate.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
— ¦^3 3'*' •¦
Si?" ' O ° ff":
fTATlONa. 5. t o 2 E. 3
P:J * I If
N ? : F"
Cloverdale SS 51 Clear .00
Colusa '.ri 5j> Clear .00
Eureka 50 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 102 W N Clear .00
Hanfonl 67 .... O*ar .00
Holllster 79 5O W Clear -CK)
In.iep^ntlence '.»* T>> Cl<ru<3y .t-O
King City 8i 4-<« N Clear .00
L/!verrnor« SC 50 .... Clear .ijO
Los Angeles SO CO SW Clear .00
Merced 101 58 Clear .00
Napa 7g ',2 S Clear .00
Nowrran 101 W Clear * .00
Pa'errro US 60 .... Clear .00
R«d Bluff 1GO CM SE Clear .CO
Riverside M «) . . .-. Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento SB 52 S Clear .00
Sin Di^go 72 «« SW Clear .00
San Francisco 5S T>0 W Pt.cidy .00
San Jcse 76 «4 Cloar .00
£an Luis Obispo 70 54 NW Clear .00
Santa Maria -7tJ W5 Clear .00
Panta Rooa >Xi W> Clear .00
XVOitm US ftS 6 «?lear .00
v.
• Herry C!rw» caya !n Y.'a New Tork circular:
-•' It !• mary yan yJr.ce the crop eut!ook was
.fco favorable, ard, whl'e alter such a lens
fcer:o«l cf uninterrupted progress some *?tback
toay be expect**"., st'.'l the assurances cf to-<!ay
•,re ac aach In faror of both liberal and
iX>roftab!e crops to the fanner* as could be
«xp*«e<;.
- This i« th* key *.o tie situation, and as tht»
(tact becomes acre evUent the eotifidenoe wh'fh
8t b*ir»t« .-.---—. become more pronounced. The
ftrtner, the merchar*. the railroad manager.
th* manufacturer asd the banker each in turn
!« Is^uenoed by such considerations. Th«r
frn eject 1* a more bopefOl eentinient. This
' iwr.t!seT:t sooa *xpn*r*n itself in actlcn: then
tfeferre'l errterprise* are taken tp. orders ar<!
placed sj-.J the whole n^acMr.»ry of commerce
and Industry !s set In motion. At the earr.e
<iiae th«r* i? absolutely nothlnjr in the «itu»-
Tlon to wtrrsit extravagant hope*. We can
fco&st of r.cth'.ag more than a reasonable re
covery from recent depression, based chlefiy
oc good crope. Pessimism has had Its day. ar.-i
•he fcue'.aej>j pubilc ne^ds to get Itself lr.to a
fccre hor*^! ar.4 better balanced state of
«rls« tfcaa tbMt In which It becan 1904. Draw,
fc&cks »e have :n plenty. The lror. trade is
•till Inactive, compared with noraial times;
«sn!e.r» are scarce and the last semi-annual re
port cl the Un!te-i States Steel Corporation is
•Lsythir-g but satisfactory. But tho*e facts be
long to the r*^t: cany deferred orders are
Bow B*isg rlsced and there is every reason to
Atf-Iieve that she last Qoartrr cf the year will
-fee a betur one than Its predecessor.
EFFECT OF STRIKES. '
• Another unpleasant f eature Is th* struggle
tfn th« cotton industry Between 40 and 5 r _>
. J»r cent -of the Fjir.dles in the United States
«re '.Cle beca'jse of the unprofitable condlti-'n
ef cotton manufacturing. Buyers win r.ct tske
Cotton goois freely at pres*r.t prices; manu
facturers, therefore, cannot afford prt-sent
¦Jpriees :cr cotton, rtrecialiy when Northern
fci'-U; er£ba.rrs^**d by legislative an-I labor re
strictions, are ur.able to successfully comrete
fcj^i'lth th* South. Umn^*iU>rj.bly the cotton
I* : -~- r.c through a -eri us crisis.
WZr-» solution of trfclch seems to demand rea-«on
.mbie concessions on the part of labor, conces
sions which at present they s^em in no mo-.-d
to consider.. Still another unfortunate circum
stance Js' the 'packers 1 rtrike in Chicago, where
force ahd not reaaon hold* sway. Tl:is abso
!lst«;y i£rjtasor.ab:e. unjust arid defiant attitude
• ft? labor '.* o«e o? tl5e most unyietthrg feature*
l'^t-Wf iirrttm; but. fortunately, public opinion
. la 'siw-«ke.S2^r t" the real meritK of the strTiggie
"*iptVe^p capital az'l lahor. to the rights and
: » r.-r.ts -of both. »s<l th'.? 7>»rT:»r* 1* the one ¦
fcrtr+.t-'fraiurV in th!f quarter. In*rrr.uch -« I
•'Tthar. is -the. ur.!y promise of a satisfactorr »o-
Uctifctv
__ .-.- . . • HpKtnr and stocks.
• probability cf goid exports has excitfd
• *on;e-<;;T-.c*-rr.. Etcrling exchange see.S2» to b*v«
•^'•.dvaK?^!:"' partly on account of operations con
' ftnrtOV.wlta tie Japanese and Cuban loans and
" pa^ty. rw...-«r . to «-hort Fales. No anxiety is
¦TtmiN In tf. **t V&6 exports, fft have a big
"and* *lhf Tynsirg , stock of goIJ in the country
.. j»-ht',cn SBtefet easily f.rd better employraer.t in
Curipe -fhsr.' here. A few million* can b«
.l*pai^t! .»!th':>ut f.anr. although a Mabtr cf
': tiervipE individuals tlways <ircp in:o Fbivers
-«'f th» 'mifffrffl of go\<l shlpiTients. The only
'virj^vlsfactorj- feature In the nv5T.ei.-rrT situa
'tio^ .'i* the cor.trcued high irvt>i at which lomTM
etana ar.d tfc» ;£_-ge arvmj::: cl trust faaiM held
*vv" "th* > ar.ks r* <l*-poeit. resulting from the
: latter peyl-jt .2 r-er <~«nt and over on trusi
, "comrar.y* <le;K«.t*. During the pest year the
" trutt .'ccir.panle? have increased their cash in
.'barks over r-irety-t^x nPlfmt A firmer money
' (market, resu'.ti^r frrvm Incmwii --rep and trade
¦..¦Kternaclf or goU exports, miEht result In a
sharp drain upen the b&r.ks «nd i"»un mere or
; . Je«» «"eTr.pcrarj <i:sturcar,re in the mor.ey ar.d
. fcto^k market?. Thl* la r.ct an irr.R-.fdiate con
t!r.ger.c>- but wr.e that will b^ar watchir.g.
A« to the future cf the stock market. It
seems hartir liicf!y that th« hu'.U will readily
r*l!r.<JB'.sh their i-oM so long ss crop j-rofpect*
•contirtie «o brtUtent. Btrons leaders were at
<h» bottom ct the r»*<-eirt rise use <it> not »e*in
entirely »ithUraiwn th'ir fvipport. e.-
. pecially aa storks tr<> rot ruffirier.tly scat
' tered IS Wfak«9 the technical eituatlon. All
., lr.'Zicatioo* polr.t. hewerer. to a fluctuating
Sahiwn Pack Short.
• H*rirn« from tie :S>C4 r*ck of si'.tncn have
;V>en n^cetved and ffc'iw a very marte»ij ftllinff !
eff from Jiet year. A state rrent lsrue.1 yester
•'4iy *r"iac*« the tctai PacI3c Cout rack or
talmoft this ;ear at not to exceed 2.250.000
*«?es*«..os Jta!rn 3.«X>.0y> cars last year anJ
. h.XSn.OOb cases tn U0L. A telegram from Bris
tol-Bay, dated Aucast 1. r*-p>-rt» all \-«-s*els
¦•afetfc-.i tb» pack clo«*.l. The r-sclc in that <J1«
•irici agrrerates S?lt<X) cas-s. of which the
•A".fl«i» Packers cannerieji packed Z2l.r*1t fi«-»
and ether rar.n*r>s 2^0,m«i cases. The totsl
la*t »!e««on was l.!\7.fj«iO ease*. In Central and i
fout^i'esietern .'Jtfka rr.a.ry tanneries are clcaial
an<J tJi* i«ck will nr>i b* ov^r 750.O> ca*es. ;
J-'orth iiritiKh Cc'.ur.Ma has ".iad a :air run. ;
l.ln tfi* Fras«r nirer a*ctl«r. 3d canneries had :
; «n c/ntrSt cf 16,«OJ rases to <J»te end the naescn \
m* «t*:ut ottt. Tfce rJritith Colunr-fola pack will i
*-ot' exceed 150,t«<> ras*a, atsJr.st 475. f*X) case*
1 ia'it *eo- PTsj^t S.-«und f> Aurust 1 has an out
•Tut cf 29 00Q ca«e» and the pack is a failure.
Tcr IVS. it wan «€5 <**> cases. CduTRhii River
tb August 1 ha* yielded 125.0O0 cajwss. ajfainst
¦yw or* casea to f«a C*te last year, (fa the
' <y»aVt rt>'»*a mar:T canneries are closed. Ttj-;
I Sr r^» tTI « Trt * ! » River pack in the smallest ever
known.
Ijjf^- ' Weather Report.
/ :•"• .<1**» Meriaua— Pacific Ttee.)
*• t*-<. folicwlcir ir.axlmum and mlslmam tem
'fera"fTire« are repcrted fcr previous <lay:
• Ti-«-oa .-.* 7<y-*S?New Orleans RS-72
rnc— ".ail %2-»2! Philadelphia 78-69
• - . cJceoE vi21« S6-W I Washington 82-62
p,r%-jj, « 64 New Ycrk 76-C6
*• • SAN FRANCISCO 5S-6Q
."" '• COAST RECOP-D.
-?~? r e 2 x 3 » 5 1
• -1 i'-i=zi ?¦* \\
•pi*' 729.92 S5 TA NW Oear Tii
rrt^i '".'.. ..».W M M W Cloudy .00!
F~^f "".-- 23- *•* in2 f4 N Clear ".flO
2^ Fa^a:i<-n.29.»7 £5 52 NW Cloudy .00
riJTrfta't ..=». W 74 4S W Cloudy .VO
i^^o«n«* »•** »? 7<> sw Cloudy T.
¦^^A^ e T..-S9.fS M CO EW Clear .00
¦vr-T^aT-a's.29.«2 W €3 W Clear .00
**flr7h I>ad ' h.P* « 4$ NW Cloudy .00
'li&Tlx '¦ »••* 102 *° V ' Clou<3 ' - 00
Pi. r^ves Lt. .2902 « «• *™ Cloudy .«O
Po^'a^d V-23.M Wt 56 NTV Clear .00
•C^'rHuff ...2S.7S J0O CA KE Clear .00
cVrt^en'o \.29.« M C2 S Clear .00
SS .50 W Pt Cl<ly .00
I 1 Ob'«po!!;29.r-i 70 64 NW Clear .00
F-t Die"?::, =».fi2 72 *» 6W Clear .00
«;???£. ». 9« «> B2 Clear .«0
wk.n«"'""-l.»»2 »2 M NW Clear .00
-SSHf ....30G0 M 4S W Clear .00
WEATHET. CONDITIONS 'AXT> GENERAL
Thee* ba» b*«n but little change tn procure
cvtr the Pacific Elope daring the paat twenty
fmir hevr* Thunderstorms continue la the
ElerraiTand the valley of the Colorado.
5act> Vanner weather prevaila to Oregon
* E F<c^pceva!n* C aioEr tlie coast from San Fraa-
j&HE BUSINESS SITUATION
I tStatits of Stocks, Industries and
. General Trade.
FVr the twrntr-fcur hours ending 5 p. m.
lCPth meridian. Sin Krancisco. August 3. 1004
clsco ncrth.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 4:
Northern California— Cloudy Tturaday, with
thunderstorms la the mountains; fresh south
erly wind.
Ssuth'rn California— Cloudy Thursday; prob
ably thunderstorms in the mountains; light
southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday: probably thun
derstorms.
San Franei«co and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day; brisk westerly wind, with fog.
A. G. McADIE. District Fprecaater.
Fruit and IV heat Bulletin.
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— Higher prices in foreign
grain markets with additional damage re
ports from the Northwest, caused strength in
whtat her* to-day. At the close the Septem
ber option was ,up VjC. Corn is off l%c. Oats
aro down : h'<?TaC. Provisions are up 5c.
A feeling of hesitancy was manifested in
the wheat pit when trading began to drag.
The long series of advances of the past two
we*-k.« were Viewed by many traders as having
rtaohtfd the zenith. The feeling In the pit was
for the first few minutes somewhat unsettled.
Foreign markets, however, were extremely
strong, and crices for wheat at Liverpool
bsinjf upheld compared with last night's clos*.
• Advices from the Northwest were a repeti
tion of the bullish new3 received from that
section durlnc the cast week. Before the end
of the first, half hour these bull influences had
started an active central demand for wheat
that r<-su:te>l in a click advance, September
stlllng up to «5-?i<\ The strength of the cash
market here, as well as In al! outside markets.
ha<i conoiderabl-a influence. Toward the middle
of th?3 section sentiment veered to the bear
side, ami the market was subjected to heavy
liquidation, resulting in a quick decline. The
cause of this sel'.iny pressure was a statement
by a local crop stati?tican that the reports of
damage of rust in the Northwest were largely
exusrgtrated. September hroke to 93%& On
active Covering by shorts much of the loss was
trailing, the market closing firm, with Sep
tember at D4HGM%C.
Heavy liquidation cf Sertember delivery by
an inQucnti.il commission house caused weak
ness in the corn market. The market closed
weak, with September IVic low-er at 51vi@
51 *ic.
Oats were weak: Sor>tember clcsad at 3-1®
31Hc
Provisions were firm during the early part
cf the session on buying by local shorts, but
selling credited to packers caused an easier
feeling. The market dosed easier, with Sep
tember pork md lard each down 6c. Ribs were
a yhaJe lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. C—
S»r>terr.b<?r cM. 95H 9* l i &¦*'* 05H
September, new. an, D3t; ai»i 64 s ;
lx>cemb*r "4 s * »H »:i'i MH
May, Oti% 97% 05»4 90%
Corn, No. ?—
August 51*4 51% 5Ui 51U
Ssr-tPmb^r 5'I 5.'5 51 1£ 51 T ,«
December 4'JVL 43% 4SU 45^4
Oats No 2 —
September S3 35 ST*, 84^4
December "^^k 35H 34 V, S4«i
May "7' 4 37 36% 38%
Mess Dork, per bbi —
September 1-' '¦'"¦ 12 05 12 SO 12 S2H
O.tob»r 12 Si3 12 00 12 S5 12 S7&
JUrd. p?r 100 lbs—
fejrt-mber 0 8!5 »i S5 C !)5 fi 90
October.. « 0.'- « 37',i fi 07 Vi 0 l»7^4
•Short ribs, per I£0 Ibn —
Pepteniber 7 HT'.. 7 07Vi 7 6O 7 G2&
October 7 7<> - . 7.70 „ 7.65 _.7 63 .
Future Grain and Provisions.
The following quotations are for good, woa&A
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, 1«m SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 7Vi©7%e: Cowa and
Heifers 5"4^«Hc: thin Cows. 4©5e per tb.
CALVES — tfMHc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%S3%c: Ewea, 3®3Ho
per lb (gross weight).
LAMU-?— $2 50^2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 fba, 4^©4%c;
2C0 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and ender, 4He;
over 230 lbs. 4i t c; aoft Hcgs. nominal: Sow*.
20 per cent off; Bo«rs. 50 per cent off, an4
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotation*.
Wholesale rates froci slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 5$«%e for Steew and *C3H* P« lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. B07e: small, 7©«c per Ib.
JIUTTOI*— Wethers. 7%©3c: Ewea. 7c per Bl
LAMB— 9€9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. «14©«%O per Ifit
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The butchers report a good many this awl
undesirable Cattle coming in. Otherwise th*
market Is without feature, being liberally suw
plied with all kinds of stock.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange and Silver were- frac
tionally higher.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88^
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 10 ¦
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars 48 9 46%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico..... 215
Berlin on London 20.46%
Paris on London 25. 25
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The English market was firm,
with higher futures, but the French market
was eaay. ¦
Chicago was excited, with the Northwest
and Southwest large buyers. There were still
many reports of crop damage in the North
west, but Snow Issued a report disclaiming any
serious injury. It confines the rust damage to
South Dakota and says it is very variable,
being heavy in a very few counties and light j
In a large number, with none worth reporting I
in the majority. St. Louis reported the cash
demand very strong at a 2c advance. The
condition of the Ohio crop was announced as
€0. against 59 last month and SO a year ago.
The Chicago wires of R. Brent Mitchell said:
"It was rather a hesitating market with tr- !
regular prices; it showed a further advance 1
• early, but met with a great deal of profit- |
taking and pit traders were disposed to play
for a reaction. There was some buying at the 1
decline and the close waa steady and firm.
The Northwest again claimed crop damage, i
but Snow's report, which was the bearish j
feature of the day, disclaimed any material
injury. There was reported a nood cash de- I
mami in this market and In St. Louis, but ,
Kansas City reports the demand rather slow, j
Foreigners were fair buyers. Naturally we .
feel a little conservative about advising pur
chases on top of a 15c advance. We are In
clined to the view that the damage reports from
the Northwest are somewhat exaggerated.
There may be two sides to the market for the
time being, but we should feel disposed to ad
vise purchases of Wheat on what ¦ might be
conclderd a fair reaction."
In this market trade was by no means as
active as on Tuesday and futures were weak
er. There is good buying on the breaks around 1
$1 45, but any advance calls out large selling '
orders. The cash Wheat shows no further j
change. ;
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 37^61 42%: California j
White Australian. $1 5531 57%; Northern Club. '
$1 37V:U1 42%; Northern Bluestem, $152^®,
155 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High! Low. Close.
December ...$1 45 $1 45H $144% $1 45% j
- 2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close. 1
December ...$1 45U f 1 4« $1 45U »1 W
BARLEY— There was less activity jester
day. Futures showed a reactionary tendency
and the cash grain was also a fraction weak
er, with a sale of bright Feed at $1 07%.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 C&31 07Vi:'new Brewing and Ship- :
ping. $1 10<gl 15; Chevalier. $1 17^@1 30 per
ctl. i
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 07 $1 O7>4 $107' $107%
2 p. m. Session. .
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 07% $1 08 $1 07% $1 OS
• OATS — A lot of fair White, slightly mix?d
with Gray was offering on 'Change at $1 30.
Otherwise 'there was nothing new. the market
being quiet.
Red, $1 2714§1 32% fcr feed and $1 30@
1 37% for seed: Black. $1 25 for feed and $1 30
61 35 for seed.
CORN — Fifteen hundred centals of Western
came in yesterday. Otherwise there was noth
ing new. the market continuing Inactive and
steadily held.
Western tacked, $1 47%@1 55 for Yellow and
White and $1 45&1 50 for Mixed; California
large Yellow, $150®157 1 ,4: small round do,
$1 55®1 60; White,, nominal; Egyptian. $130©
1 35 for White ar.J $1 iiSjtf 1 SO for Brown.
RYE— $1 25#1 30 for new.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75g2 per ctl.
Flour andMillstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 609
4 00. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $1 50Q4 80;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5<34 25
I per bbl.
i MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flcur, $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 60; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do, $4 25;
I Oat Groats, $4 CO: Hominy, J4@4 25; Buck
1 wheat Flour. $4 50<84 75; Cracked Wheat, $4;
i Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
; Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25S8 tO; in sacks. $6 75®
< 8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $2 00 per 100 lb«.
Hay arid Feed stuffs.
Handler* of FeedstnfTs continue to qucte
' firm markets for these lines at unchanged
¦ prices. There Is no change in th« Hay situa
tion, which Is thus stated in the weekly cir
', cular of Somers & Co. :
"There has been some little diminution in
Hay shipments during the past week, Urt total
amounting to 420O tons in comparison with
5600 tons for the week preceding. The rail
road company, because of the accumulation on
the tracks here, has refused to take Hay from
j many points, but in spite of this fact there is
I still quite a congestion In the local freight
I yards. Conditions remain unchanged in every
I way here, for the demand continues lieht for
j this season of the year, and everybody" in tha
city seems to be looking for lower prices. In
the country some tale* have been made, al
though most of the farmers seem Inclined to
hold out. anticipating some improvement in
; values. Tber* is quite a bit of Hay golns;
' south from several interior points, although
It Is anticipated that this will slacken off in
• the near future owing to the fact that they
are rapidly filling their warehouses there. We
are still hearing of a surplus of Hay in many
districts which we do not usually visit, and at
these points there is now a general feeling
that they must toon begin to ship In their sur
plus product to the San Francisco market. To
summarize, we would state that everything
points to rather an overcrowded market for
the remainder of August."
BRAN— $21022 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24029 per ton.
Batter was steady at the advance yesterday
and tha market was reported in satisfactory
shape for sellers. A good deal ; cf stock has
lately been sold to the public by several largo
retailers in cut-rata sales, and thers has also
been a very fair demand from interior towns.
so stocks, while still liberal, are no longer
unwieldy. Receipts continue large, but tha
demand is absorbing them very well.
• Cheese is weak and shows signs of again
accumulating. Some new points ar% shipping
into this market and the dealers' shelves are
gradually loading up again.
Eggs are quoted weak and dull under free
receipts and liberal st>cis, though quotations
are maintained. At present relative prices of
eastern and California It is reported that no
more Kastern ar« being sold for this market.
and that when tha lots already bought have
arrived thers will be no more Imported for
the present.
Receipts were 12S.4CO lbs Butter, 1336 ca««
Eggs and 1600 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, '21©22c
for extras and 20c for firsts; dairy. 17t?19c;
•tore Butter, 14S10c; Eastern creamery. luVif
20c: Eastern ladle-packed. 1451514c per lb.
CHEESE — S'SOM-c for choice mild new and
SgSV>c for lower grades; Young Americas. 110
11 Vic"; Eastern. 10S15c; Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 22H#24c for fair and 25@26c
for choice; store, 19#21c; Eastern, 20^"J2Vsc
for firsts and lSH$l°c for pecondd.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
HOPS— Nominal at SS«27Hc per n> far Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts far 1804 crop arc <xaoted
at 17820c
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboidt and Meado
dno. 17©:9c; San Joaq-Jln and Southern. 12
months'. 10©l2c; &o 7 months'. 9QUo per lb;
Middle Counties, 13®17e for free and 12315o
for defective; Northern, lft^lSc for fr»« and
14316c for defective; Nevada. 13Q10C. accord
ing to condition.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
- IVctt-street Stocks fractionally higher.
" Kothing nezv on the local stock exchanges.
- Sharp falling off in the Salmon pack this year.
Fractional variations in Silver and Sterling Exchange.
. Wheat and Barley quiver, zvit h easier futures.
. Oats' t Corn and Rye about as before.
.Hay still plentiful and zveak and FeedstutTs firm.
Beans and Seeds firmly fold, with moderate supplies.
• Potatoes steady. Onions and Vegetables zveak.
-. Butter steady, Eggs easy and Cheese in larger supply.
-¦¦¦ ffc further change in the Raisin situation.
••. Dragging market for Provisions still reported.
Cattle, Sh-ecp and Hogs continue in ample supply. '
Poultry easier under larger receipts.
. local and shipping demand for Fresh Fruit.
.¦' m Nc7v York reports more demand for Prunes.
Minn St P 4 S S M 721A
-M S P & S S M pM 125'
Missouri Paclflc. .. 3.30O D2 s i 92H 92%
Missouri K & T.. 100 17«i 17«i 18
Mo K & T pfd 41 40Vi 40%
Nat RR of Mex pfd 37
New York Central. 100 119 119 118
Norfolk & Western 300 61V4 61 61»»
Norfolk & W pfd 90
Ontario & Western 4.200 31% 31 3H 8
Pennsylvania 6,800 1201-a 119% 120
Pitts C C & St L .' <52U
Reading 9,400 52% C2 52'fc
Reading 1st pfd S2h *
Reading 2d pfd CS' I
Rock Island Co 2,300 22»i 22*4 22*$ I
Rock Island Co pfd .'. 64 »i I
St L & S F 2d pfd 6.000 55^ 62»i 64"t 4 I
Bt Louis S W 600 1*£ I35j 14
St L S W pfd 3,900 35', 34 35
Southern Paclflc... 34.100 60% 43% 5OV4
Southern Railway.. 29,500 25>4 24 25
Southern Ry pfd... 3,200 90 88*4 • 69»i
Texas & Pacific... 3,200 2014 244 23'. I
Toledo St L & XV.. 100 26 20 25' I
T St L & W pfd.. 400 • 3SH 3S% a8
Union Pacific 17,700 06 L 4 05% 03% I
Union Pacific pfd 93 '
Wabash 16*!
Wabash pfd 400 35% 33% 35 Vi '
Wheeling & L E... 14»i ,'
Express Companies —
Adams T 225
American '.... 105
United States 105
Wells-Fargo . 204 !
Miscellaneous — !
Amaig Copper 6,100 52% 52 C2H
Amer Car & Found 1S>4
Arner C & F pfd 77
Amer Cotton Oil... ICO 20 26 2«
Amor Cot Oil pfd 89
Amer Ice ¦ ' 7 l i I
Amer Ice pfd 100 27% 27% 27f* !
Am'r LJr.seed Oil 8W ;
Amer Lin Oil pfd - 26V,
Amer Locomotive.. SCO 21H 21*8 21
Awr Loco pfd STH ;
! Amer Srr.t & Refg. 1,400 57 4 57 f.7»i
! Aner S & F pfd 09
I Am<*r Sugar Ilef... 1.200 129'i 12S4 129
j Anaconda Min Co.. I0O 72 72 72
I Urocklyn Kap Tran 3,200 5J 51>4 51%
I Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1<*> Srt'-i :idhi ?-3.
; Consolidated Gas... 200 195 105 U»Ua !
Corn Products 124 !
Corn Products pfd.. 3C0 . 6SV» 6S^ r.a^ j
Distillers' Steuri 21Vi i
j G-neral Ek-ctrie... 10) 1S2 162 1C2
International Paper 1C0 13*4 VAVi V\ Vi |
I Intfrntl i'aper pfJ JOVi ;
1 Interntl I*nmp I>'Hj '
i litttrntl Puir.') pfd 70
J National L»ad 3.1CO 20»4« l»Ts 20% i
: >.orth American 87
I-ecp'le's 'Gas ".*.'.".'. "r.OO 1(>6% 100V4 100%
Irtssod Steel Car 33%
It t-'teel Car pM 75
1-ullman 1'al Car 217
Itepubl'c Ste<?l 40O * 7*i 7^ 7^4
Vterublic Stec! pfd. 8C0 45 44'j 44
i-tubber G^oils IS '
KUbbor Qoods pfd 7SH i
ler.n Coal and Iron 5.40O 4614 45H 45Vi ;
.c f S Leather 7
H leather pM... ' 100 S2% S2=» 824!
U R Realty '48
C S Rubber 400 10?4 19% 194
; U f 5 Rubber pfd . 74
I Oi 8, Steel 0.7C0 13% # 12'A ll'H
, t: S Steel pta 20.100 61% «>% 61 Vi
'¦ Westlnsbonse K!ec. 2li> 1o<; 15'! 13-S
Western Union ... ICO 8S% SS% 6»^
!
Total ealcs 215,4'X) shares.
! UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRA:;C1SCO.
NEW YORK, Aug. -i.— No bond tmnsactlor.s
' to-day.
AMERICAN CAX COMPANY.
I Common, bid 4^. a«kej 4. l ,i: preferrej. bid
NEW TOr>K BONDS,
i U S rcf 2s rts..lO4%|L & N unlfled 4s.l00«i
Do coupon lt>l : ><,iMct:i con gold 1B.1C9M
Do 3s reg 104V4!MtX Central Is... t2:»
Do com^in ll»5 1 Do 1st ir.c 13 Ji
Do new 4s reg.131 1 Minn &i8tfL 4?.. U6
Do coupon 1^1'iiM K & Texas 4s. :n)t<.
Do old 4s reg-lOCMil Do 2:is 78
Do coupon lOi^INK of Hex con 4s TJU
Atch gen 4s mim.v y c gen :;»;, 3 .. oni. 4
Do adj 4s MK!N J C gen OsT. . .t:«T;
Atlantic C L 4s. W^IXor Pac 4s 105 U
Bait & Ohio 4a..-,103i6| Do Us 711^
Do S^js B5 !.\'or & \V c-ir. 4s. 101 'i
i Central of (la 5s. 110*. I Oh* I, 4a & part!?: fCiT,
Do 1st ir.c H2 l j!Pa eonv 3:;s.... :s":
! Chrm & Ohio 4 t^».ll»tiV*! Keadlnir gen 4s... Ost^
I «'hi & Alton ."I'-i*. 7S 'S L & I M con T.s.117'
C. B & Q new 4?. O7'i;S L & S F f S 4*. S*
CM & FP gn 4;.Hni,tSt Louis SW lFt^ -\>\'£
C & NW con 7*.12SHI : "" e af>"aril A L 4< 7<t
C. R I & Pa; 4s. 7liblrtr> Pacific 4s..:.. sv;
Do col r.s 81»-,|.*o Railway 5*. .. .U4*i
C.C.C & BLca 4s.l0i%:T"x & Pac lsts ijq'
Chi Term 4-1 73 iTol. Bt Tr * W 4g. 72'4
C«ns Tobacco 4s. »T2"4' Union Pacific 4s ir.V-i
I Cclo &. So 4* S3 ! Do ronv 4s. 102U
C F & I con ."S. T1WU S Pteol 2(1 5« 7S«
Den * Rio G 4s.lO* % «i'1Vaba«h 1st* ... US
Erie prior lien 4.«. t^i'; Do c!eh B .' £9
Do g»n 4s S4 T ,«!\V & L Erif 4s. fliu
F W ADC lsts.lOS^lTAia Central 4s... kD".
Hock Val 44s. ..lOS-t, I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
I ><Jarr.s Ccn 25! Little Chief f>r>
1 Alice 20[ Ontario 3 50
1 Breece 10'Ophlr 2 10
Brur.s Con OCPhoenljt .-. ¦.:• «>7
Com Tur.n»I 08j f "otosl . . ; ". j,^
Coti Cal & Va... 1 fiSI Savage .'
Horn Silver 1 SOJSlerrm Nevada is
Iron Sliver 1 50i Small Hope* 2»
Leadville Con ... 0J; Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 13fil7c per Ib for
Gobblers and Ifg"l5c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 25<gl CO; Goslings, $1 50-gl 75: Ducks. $49
4 tO per dozen for old and $4 5000 for young;
Hens, $3 503)6 for large and $4 5033 for small;
young Roosters. $7*37 50; old Roosters. J4 $0®
5; Fryers $1 50<35 50; Broilers. $3@3 5O for
large and $2 50@3 for small ; Pigeons. $1 50 per
dozen for old and $1 2591 SO for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves. 60®75c per dozen; Hare,
$1 25@1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. $1 75
62 per doxen.
No more "Western Poultry was received, but
the receipts of domestic jtock were heavy, ag
gregating about 175 coops, and the market had
an easier tone. Trade, however, was active
And prices were well maintained, with a fair
degree of firmness. A car of Western was re
ported close at hand and due at any time.
Game arrived freely and cleaned up readily
at steady prices.
Poultry and Game.
ances. $151,365.
TACOMA. Aug. 3.— Clearings, I30S.S91; bal
ance*. $29,049.
PORTLAND. Aug. 3.— Clearings. $847,585;
balances, $12U,6S1.
SPOKANE, Aug. 3.— Clearing* $363,892; bal
ances. $44,192.
60c per box; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green
Okra. 5Og75c per box: Green Peppers. 4C$?50c
per box for Bell and 25<g35c for Chile; Marrow
fat Squash, f 15@2O per ton.
Copper is meeting with but light demand
at the moment and prices ehow an easier
tendency. London closed at £58 Us for spot
and at £56 17s Gd for futures. Locally lake
is quoted at $12 5OS12 75; electrolytic, $12 50^
12 75; casting. $12 2">@12 50.
Lead was unchanged at $4 20®4 25 In the
New York market and at £11 13s 9d in Lon
don.
Spelter also was unchanged in both mar
kets. Here It Is quoted at $4 S5<34 05 and the
London price stands at £22 2s 6d.
Iron closed at 51s 9d in Olasyow and at
42s 10Hd in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was
unchanged. No. 1 foundry, northern, $14®
14 80; No. 2 foundry, northern. $13 75S14;
No. 1 fcundn-. southern, and No. 1 foundry,
southern, soft. $13 50S13 75.
* ¦_ -*
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
NEW YORK. AuV. 3.— Tin was a little
easier, closing at $27827 20 in the local mar
ket, while In London prices also were a llttlo
lower, closing at £123 for spot and £123
7s Cd for futures.
New York Metal Market.
EVAPORATED APLES — The market re
mains unchanged, -with prlc«s showing firm
ness in the absence of important offerings.
Common, 4@5^c; prime, 6?i@6c; choice, 6ft©
6*4c; fancy, 707H&
PRUNES— Show no fresh features, remain
ing quiet, with quotations ranging from 2c to
6 Vic according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are a little finnw, according
to coast advices for new crop, but epot prices
remain unchanged at 9H@10c for choice. 10»4
©lO^c for extra choice, and ll@13c for fancy.
PEACHES— Are unchanged. Choice, 7@7%c;
extra choice. 7ii<gSc; fancy. 9H@10c.
were advanced 10c per hundred pounds to-day.
BUTTER— Unchanged. *.,*£„
CHEESE— Small white. 6Ue7%c; large
white. 5&®7%c; large colored, 7@TVjC
EGG S— Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
THE SAN FRANCJSCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, 190-1.
1 LOCAL MAEKETS. [
STOCK MAKKET.
Continued on Paje TwelT©.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
&* AT AUCTION £a
TO-DAY (THURSDAY). AUGUST 4,
At 11 o'clack at
INTERNATIONAL HORSE EXCHANGE AND
SALES YARDS.
Corner Twelfth and Harrison «u
I will •«!] 60 head of well-broken hors<n.
This will be a grand opportunity for contract-
ors or any one having heavy haullM, as therp
are teams Included in this sale that weigh
3300 and over. This stock Is ln fine condition
and ready to go rlgSt to work, and nsuit and
will be sold.
N. B.— If yoa want good, reliable draft hones
be sure and wtflt for this sale.
S. WATKINS. Anctione«T.James NeiTl.~-owner of the James
Neill theatrical company, yesterday
commenced suit for $520 damages
against the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company because of the alleged fail
ure of the railway to carry him and
his players from Seattle to Portland in
time to fill an engagement at the lat
ter city on November 19 last. The
sum sued for la said to be the amount
represented by the , advance sale for
the performance on the night named.
ActcVSues Railroad.
To Visit San Francisco
iVithout seeing the Diamond Palace would
je likevisitinBEurope without seeing Par
is. It Is a leading feature of San Francis
:o. and is the most beautiful, jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or; purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine* ¦ • *
WANT NO BOILER INSPECTOR.— A pro
:est was filed yesterday with the Supervleors
igatnst the granting of a petition that a boiler
inspector -be appointed until proper > laws - are
treated governing such Inspection service. ¦ The
arotest is signed .by the Keystone - Boiler
Works. Bay City Iron Works; Eureka Boiler
(Vorks and Pacific Coast Boiler Works.
The report of tne operations of the
San Francisco United States Pension
Agency for the fiscal year ended June
30, 1904, has been rendered by Colonel
J. B. Fuller, the local pension agent,
to the Commissioner of Pensions,
Washington, D. C. The district com
prises the States of California, Ne
vada, Oregon, Idaho. Montana, Wash
ington, Wyoming. Utah and the Ter
ritories of Arizona, Alaska, Hawaii
and the Pacific insular possessions. It
Is the largest by far in extent of all
the eighteen agencies in the United
States. The total number of pension
ers on the roll June 30, 1904. in the
district was 39.943. The total amount
of nension money disbursed to this
number was J5.431.723 97.
The amounts distributed to the vari
ous States and Territories were:.
California. J2. 682.226 23; Nevada, $33,883 70;
Oregon, *866.5S1 10; Idaho. $210,705 65; Mon
tana! $217,923 "3; Washington, $936,467 33;
Wyoming. $S8,252 41: Utah. $111,684 45; Arl
«ona $9S,3S0 30; Alaska. $8147 80; Hawaii.
$5910 03; Philippine Islands. Guam and Sa
moa $5833 03; all other States and Territories.
$164;i43 08; total. $5,431,723 07.
The following letter relative to this
pension agency, just received, la of In
terest at this time:
Department of ths Interior, Bureau of Pen
sions, Office of th» Commissioner, Washing
ton. D. C. July 28, 1904 — Jesse- B. Fuller.
United States Pension Agent. San Francisco,
Cal. — Dear Sir: I take pleasure In acknowl
edging the receipt of your annual report for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 1904. The year
just closed has been a record-breaking year as
to the amount and quality of the work done la
the pension bureau and the pension agencies.
I wish to return to you. to your chief clerk,
and to the other employes of your agency my
special thanks, and to express my appreciation
for the loyalty and effort that has been shown
throughout the year in the conduct of your
agency. Very truly yours,
¦ E. F. WARE. Commissioner.
San Francisco Acency Congratulated
by Commissioner Ware for Qual
ity and Quantity Of Work.
For the hunter the nearby mountains
afford Inviting opportunity for deer in
season and the lover of rod and reel may
have abundant diversion, as '- black bass
are : numerous- in the Russian River and
trout can be ? tempted from their . hiding
by the patient expert.
The success of Camp Vacation, located
on the Russian River, four miles beyond
Guerneville, has demonstrated satisfac
torily the possibility of conducting an
extensive camp on strictly first-class ho
tel principles and at an extremely mod
erate cost to its patrons. This camp was
brought Into existence In the summer of
1903 under the ownership and direct su
pervision of Mrs. L. C. Cnopius, and ac
commodated last season a maximum
number of about one hundred guests
dally. Public approval was so pro
nounced that Mrs. Cnopius decided upon
a larger camp for this year, and accord'
lngly the season was opened with ade
quate sleeping accommodations for two
hundred and fifty and an^enlarged din
ing-room capable of seating that number
at a single sitting. From the first of
June the daily attendance rarely fell un
der 160 guests, and July '2d, 3d and 4th
more than BOO people were comfortably
cared for. The grounds, comprising 160
acres on the bank of the Russian River,
opposite the celebrated Bohemian Grove,
are threaded by delightful shaded paths
and the tents are so widely scattered
that guests may enjoy all the seclusion
of a private camp with none of the dis
comforts and annoyances. Indeed, with
the 500 guests over the Fourth of July;
one would find it difficult to believe," ex
cept at meal time, that there were two
score people on the grounds. This is ac
counted for by the fact that there are
four miles of boating on the river, a
number of delightful swimming pools
and secluded spots innumerable. A danc
ing pavilion, capable of accommodating
400 without overcrowding, a commodious
ofHce building, In connection with which
is the postoflice and boat-booking office,
a. fleet of sixty safe and speedy boats
with the best of oars . and . appliances,
croquet grounds and tennis courts , are
among the conveniences over which ex
pense has not been spared. .
The resort remains open from April to
October and the trains of the California
Northwestern Railway run . directly to
the grounds, conveying passengers from
San Francisco for 72 miles through one
of the most charming scenic sections of
the State.
Next season Mrs. Cnopius will double
her dining-room" capacity, install a cozy
hall for guests on - chilly evenings,
warmed by a huge -old-fashioned | fire
place. She expects a daily patronage of
about. 500 and " an attendance of three
times that number over the Fourth of
July. The table is guaranteed to be un
surpassed by any similar resort,. both as
to quality, and quantity of food and the
perfection of table service.
GOVERNMENT PAYS MUCH
-^ TO WESTERN PENSIONERS
o come and nurse her. The woman ar
ived at 12 o'clock. Shortly afterward
Gallagher, who rented a room from
Urs. Bohn, came in. Mrs. Walsh and
Jallagher spent some time in the
dtchen in the rear talking together,
vhen, according to the little girl,
ilrs. Walsh screamed and ran to the
rent of the house, Gallagher pursu
ng her with drawn knife. »
As the terror-stricken woman/at
empted to open the front door Gal
agher drew a revolver and fired, the
>ullet passing through the wall into
he apartment next door. Mrs. Walsh
lung her arm around Gallagher's neck,
>!eadlng with him not to kill;her. The
nan placed the pistol against her
jreast and fired. He then placed the
•evolver to his own head and Instantly
tilled himself.
. Gallagher had been out of work for
3ome time, and had been suffering
!rom a disorder of the head, for which
le had \been treated at the City and
bounty Hospital. Gallagher- had
inown the Walsh woman for several
pears, and had constantly tried to per
suade her to run away with him.
Failing to persuade the woman with
vhom he had become infatuated to run
iway with him, Michael Gallagher, a
and teamster, yesterday shot and
;illed Nellie Walsh. He then put an
nd to his own life. The double trag
edy occurred in a house " in
he rear of 15% Langton street. The
mly witness of the shooting was Eva
John, a girl of 8 years, who was In
he room at -the time and whose
nother lay sick in the next apart
nent.
Mrs. Bohn, who Is suffering from
LSthma, sent little . Eva to ask Mrs.
iValsh, who lived at 302 Fourth street,
Perfection "of Tent Living
Eealized in Camp on Cali
fornia Northwestern Kail
way.
licliael Gallagher Shoots
Nellie Walsh Because She
Would Not Live With Him
A Combination of Hotel
Comfort and Freedom
of Camp Life.
KILLS WOMAN
THEN HIMSELF
¦Wedding announcements from Edward
Kr.owies Co.. 24 Second st.. are excellent. •
A HUGE HOTEL
UNDER CANVAS
LARGE RECEIPTS FOR FEES.— The Bu
reau of Engineering yesterday Issued a state
ment ehowing that the fees received for sur
veye of Jots and street Trork during June and
July were, respectively. $1562 50 and $1772 50,
being the largest for any two months In the
history of the office.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yes
terday upon the body of Frank Pope,
who was killed In an elevator accident
in the Crocker building: on Julv 26.
The jury returned a verdict of 'acci
dental death, "caused through Pope's
own carelessness." Pope was oiling
the mechanism in the shaft and was
struck by the counterweights while the
.cage was ascending.
Blamed for His Own Death.
Erown"s dinners aren't much and he lives out
of the way. but there's always high balls of
Old Gilt Edee whiskey. Wichman, Lutgen &
Co., 20-31 Battery st., S. F., sole proprietors •
Petitions In insolvency were flle<5
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follows: Horace M. Walker,
.stationary engineer, St. Helena, liabili
ties $9736, assets $4728: George M.
Davidson, liquor merchant, Sacra
mento, liabilities $1363, no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
The Russian and Gualaia rivers and their
tributaries provide the best hunting and flsh-
Jne- grounds In Northern California. Deer,
bear and trout plentiful. Cottages for rent,
tajnp grounds, good hotels at Oair.p Meeker'
Monte Rio, Mesa Grande. Duncans Mills'
"Watsons ar.a Cazadero. Stare or "packs from I
Onsadero to Sea View, Gua.]a!a, Stewarts I
Point and Poi^t Arena. For copy of "Sum
ftser Outimrs" call cr address North Shore In- I
tonnatlon Bureau. 02fi Market street. S. F. •
Huntincr and Fichins: Trips, Camps
and Cottages.
ISSUES A WORTHLESS CHECK.— Charles
v\ . Porter was arrested yesterday on complaint
of Martin J. Fay. proprietor of a saloon at 959
Mission street, and booked at the Southern
Police Station on the charge of forgery. Porter
had offered the check calling- for *7 on the
Market Street. Bank. .When the check wai
offered ino funds were standing to Porter's
account, hence his arrest.
Local railroad men are looking for
ward with considerable Interest to a i
special meeting of the stockholders of ;
the North Shore road, which has been I
called for this afternoon, when it ia j
reported that President John Martin t
and the other directors of the company j
will resign. It was learned from a re
liable source yesterday that arrange
ments have been completed for the
formal turning over of the road to the j
Harriman syndicate, which acquired j
control of the property several months
ago.
When seen yesterday afternoon. Pres
ident John Martin, through whom the
deal with the Harriman syndicate was
negotiated, admitted that a special
meeting had been called, but he re
fused to discuss what action would be
taken by the directorate.
"All I can say at this time," said he,
"Is that I am still president of the
company, but I am not at liberty to
say what will take place at to-morrow's
meeting. The proceedings will be made
known Immediately after the meeting
adjourns."
According to information gleaned
from other sources the stock which has
been held by John Martin, Eugene de
Sabla and their associates will be In
the hands of Harriman agents to-mor
row and the latter will attend the
meeting for the purpfose of filling the |
vacancies caused by the resignation of j
the present officers. Following closely
on this news is another story that Har
riman will soon take a hand In the
management of the California North
western Railroad, which he is supposed
to have a controlling Interest in. and
possibly consolidate the two roads un
der one management.
Cost? J2R.50 for the round trip, or
$4 3.00 for seven days of delight. We are
plad to tell you about it and about the
perfect way at 641 Market street, the
office of the Santa Fe. •
Fed by malting snows in the high Si
erra, the famous waterfalls of Yosemite
continue to pour over the great cliffs.
Now is a grand time to visit Yoscmite
Valley. Flowers are blooming In the
meadows and birds sing in the pines and
cedars. In the Merced, the Illillouette.
Tenaye Creek, in ton thousand pools in
a thousand streams, the trout lie hiding.
You'd better take your fishing pole and
so:
The Season Is Late This Year.
YOSEMITi: VALLEY.
MARTIN READY
TO QUIT ROAD
Mrs. Catherine Ericksen, who lives
at 1500^ Folsom street. Is charged
with being an unfit person to'have the
custody of her daughter, 13 years old.
Mrs. Grennan, the girl's maternal
aunt, alleges this in a petition filed
yesterday for letters of guardianship.
It is stated 'that Mrs. Ericksen has
been In the daily habit of beating and
bruising the child. Besides she has
addressed profane language toward
her daughter and according to the
aunt's declarations the child's mental
and bodily health have been impaired
and her morals Injured.
Mother .Mistreats Child.
An Interesting paper was read by
Professor Shaw, In which he made
many valuable suggestions. Among
these was that wheat should be bred
as animals are, using only the very
best of each year's crop for seed. This
method was employed successfully in
developing the sugar beet. He also
advised that if an appropriation is se
cured a specialist be brought from one
of the Eastern States, such -as Minne
sota. This, he said, would be much
cheaper than experimenting with In
experienced men. Another meeting of
the committee will be called at an early
date.
At a meeting of the subcommittee on'
wheat of the State Board of Trade yes- !
terday afternoon it was unanimously!
decided that every effort be made^to •
induce the Legislature at the coming
session to appropriate $6000 for expe- !
rlmental purposes. The decline in the
quality of California wheat has be- i
come alarminug, and members of the j
committee and visiting growers agreed
that it is necessary that steps be taken
at once to flrid the cause of the trou
ble and suggest a remedy. Horace
Davis pledged $500 from the millers for
the preliminary work, and an appeal
will probably be made to the farmers
to add to this amount.
Those present at the meeting were'
General ChlDman. chairman; F. W.
McMillen, wheatgrower of Fair Oaks. I
Sacramento County; W. P. Steinbeck
of Stockton; Horace Davis, T. C. Fried
lander. Arthur Briggs, G. W. Shaw of
the United States Department of Agri- ;
culture, and Professor. E. J. Wixson of
the University of California. Davis
showed samples of wheat grown side
by side from the same seed on irrigated i
and dry soil. The wheat grown on the j
dry land was smaller, but richer in '
gluten .than that grown on irrigated!
land. I
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Charles G. Mallon against
Emma Mallon for desertion; John
Adams Riddle against Xellie H. Rid
dle, desertion.
Judge Hunt annulled the marriage j
of Grace Whiteley and Harry Whjteley •
on the wife's complaint that her" con- i
sent to the union had been obtained 1
by fraud. J
' " paid, she assigns all her right, title and
• Interest to the remainder of his prop
erty, real and personal.
Mrs. Hanford's complaint, filed last
month, was Interesting. The rift In
their domestic happiness appeared on
¦ May 15, when Hanford introduced his
•wife to Mr6. Gabriel Cavalsky at Del
Monte as "a girl she could play golf
¦with." On May 15, at their home at
• 2207 Clay street. Hanford told his wife
¦ that he had "lost his nerve," but it
•was not until two days later that he j
confessed that there was another
woman In the case. He was then 111
. In bed and asked his wife to send for
Mrs. Cavalsky. Mrs. Cavalsky was j
summoned by telephone and came to
the house at S o'clock in the evening.
¦ She remained until 10:15. and Mrs.
Hanford saw her leaning over her hus
' band's bed, embracing him. When she
reproached Hanford for his conduct he
is said to have replied that the "grand
¦ passion only comes to a man once I
In a lifetime," and with Mrs. Cavalsky |
•it had come to him to stay. He wanted
Mrs. Hanford to get a divorce then, but
• she declined.
'•Hanford* millionaire dredge operator.
• The proceedings were something of
' & surprise and were evidently planned
. to avoid the presence of curious audi
tors. It was stated on the court cal
.endar that an order against Hanford
. to chow cause he should not pay
. alimony to his wife would be heard,
and the supposition was natural that
'none of the parties would appear. How
ever, at the appointed hour Mrs. Han
: ford was on hand and ready to give
testimony In substantiation of her
charges arainst lianford. Her maid.
Mary McBrlde, and the nurse, Edith
•Sarll, "were the corroborating witnesses.
• Shortly after the divorce was granted
.• Attorney Creswell filed a "satisfaction
tf 'judgment," In which Mrs. Hanford
acknowledged the receipt from Han
.. ford of $52,000, a deposit of $3000 In the
" Hibemla Bank and all of their house
" hold furniture, excepting the piano and
. books and bookcases in the library of
' their home. In exchange for the sum
Creswell, her maid and nurse, appeared
yesterday morning In Judge Seawell's
court and secured an interlocutory de
cree of divorce from' Robert Gilmer
Very quietly, and with nothing more
sensational to offer than the allegations
contained In her complaint. Marguerite
Hanford, with her attorney, Harry
Apparently there was some difficulty
in meeting the final payment, for on
June 2S, 1901, Bates and Miller agreed
to deed a one-third interest in the
ranch to Davis for $20,000, which
Davis was to pay to the Union Trust
Company on July 1. Bates tendered
a deed for his share, but Davis is said
to have "bucked" on the payment of
the $20,000 until Miller's deed was
given. Bates said that he would guar
antee that Miller would make the
deed, and he alleges that Davis then
said: "Then give me your note for
510,000 and I will destroy it when Mil
ler executes his deed to me."
Both Miller and Bates executed the
deed on July 5, but Bates declares that
he did not know that Davis had not
destroyed the note until two weeks be
fore Davis died. At that time Davis is
said to have been too weak mentally to
remember previous business transac
tions.
Bates states the circumstances un
der which his note for $10,000 was
given, as follows: On September 26,1300,
Bates and E. O. Miller contracted to
purchase for $60,000 a tract of land in
Kings County, consisting of 18,740
acres. On that date they paid $5000 to
the Union Trust Company and agreed
to pay $15,000 more when the deeds
were delivered and $40,000 on July 1,
1901.
An echo of the methods of Samuel
Davis, the late speculator In gilt
edged securities who left a fortune of
$2,000,000 or more, Is heard In the suit
begun yesterday by George E. Bates
against Julius C. Reis, executor of the
Davis estate, to have a note for $10,000
returned to him or canceled. The liti
gation reverts to the purchase of a
ranch In Kings County,' which has
since proved a big investment — on so
valuable, in fact, that the adminis
trator was not satisfied with the ap
praisement made of it by Kings Coun
ty appraisers, and he secured an or
der of court to have the land reap
praised by the gentlemen who found
Davis' local estate to be worth more
than $1,500,000. -""
Husband Who Had "Grand
Passion" Gives His Wife
§52.000 and Furniture
Prof. Shaw Suggests That a
Specialist' on Wheat Be
Brougfit Out From East
MILLERS PROMISE AID 1
DAVIS ESTATE IS SUED
Third Interest in Valuable
Ranch Deeded for Money
Needed to Meet Payment
Judge Cabaniss dismissed the charge
of felony embezzlement against James
F. Young, accused of swindling Mrs.
Sarah E. Johnson out of about 55000
by means of a get-rlch-quick scheme,
and the charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses which was substituted
will be heard to-morrow. A grand lar
ceny charge by the same complaint
is also pending against Young.
"The gentleman whom you aim to
pique is your husband, I presume?" the
Judge ventured.
"No, indeedy," replied Bridget; "he
ain't even my steady. He's a .crank
that's crushed on me and thinks I
ought to do as he does. I got drunk
just to show him he's not my boss."
"Thirty days," sighed his Honor.
« • •
Bridget Boyle told Judge Cabaniss
that' she drank to excess not because
of love of liquor, but because she de
desired to bother a certain gentleman
friend of hers who was opposed to tip-
Qling by the fairer sex. ) She had Just
served three months in jail for drunk
enness when Patrolman Engle arrested
her on Kearny street for the same of
fense.
Police Sergeant Rudden and a picked
posse made a round-up of the public
squares south of Market street night
before last and raked in five male vag
abonds, whom they found asleep upon
benches. Judge Cabaniss fined the de
fendants in accordance with their re
spective deserts.
"I want to be placed," said William
Hughes to Judge Conlan.
"I fail to understand," said the Judge.
"Well, I'm unable to stop drinking,
and I want to be placed where it will
be imposible for me to get any booze."
"How would three months In the
County Jail fit your case?"
"Like a new glove."
"Three months it is."
• • •
Milton Rice, a fruit peddler, was ar
rested for whipping and driving his
horse at a break-neck speed down the
declivity extending on Dupont street
from Pine to Sutter. The defense was
unique, Rice stating that the wagon
pushed the horse down the hill with
such force that the driver was unable
to check the animal, so he applied the
whip with the object of keeping the
beast ahead of the vehicle and thus
preventing a smash-up. Judge Caba
niss has continued the fiase until he
has time to consult authorities on the
law of gravitation. ,•
• * *
Twelve callings and a dismissal was
the fate of the case in which Mrs. Anna
Speakman stood accused of attempting
to slay Mrs. Clara Lefevre by carving
her with a large knife one day about
three months ago. The women fought
a duel at the home of Mrs. Speak
man's father, Adolph Beth, the cause
being Mrs. Speakman's objection to
Mrs. Lefevre's being transformed from
her male parent's housekeeper into his
wife, and Mrs. Lefevre was so seriously
wounded on the head and neck that
for a time her life trembled in the bal
ance. Ten times was the case called
before Judge Mogan, and each time a
continuance was granted on account of
Mrs. Lefevre's reported inability to
appear In court. When Judge Mogan
went on his vacation the case was
taken up by-Judge Conlan, and on his
second calling of It yesterday an at
torney specially engaged to prosecute
stated that Mrs. Lefevre had left the
city and was determined to abstain
from testifying. A dismissal was or
dered.
order. Judge Conlan will sentence him
Thomas Spencer was so enthused by
admiration of a lady vocalist's per
formance in an O'Farrell-street music
hall that he jumped upon a table and
wildly swung his hat and , shouted,
"Zip-yahl" loudly and repeatedly.
"Why don't you bring her out again,
you stiffs?" he yelled at the other gen
tlemen present. "She's the bute of- the
bunch and sings like a dickey bird.
Zip-yah-zip!" Thrice did he repeat the
offense ere he was ejected from the
hall, and then he sneaked in again and
made himself so disagreeable to' all the
other patrons that his arrest was
deemed essential to the restoration .of
* • •
"You see," he explained, "your name
is a complete misfit, as it does not har
monize with your color, and how you
have managed to live so long with such
a hoodoo is a mystery to me. Petition
the next Legislature to remove the han
dicap by changing your name to
George Washington or Andrew Jack
son or something like that, and you'll
find that good luck will come with the
new cognomen."
Malloy promised to try the experi
ment. He was arrested for depositing
garbage in a waste place, which is con
trary to law, and the case will be
heard to-day.
Pat Malloy, born of colored parents,
who were temporarily sojourning in
the historic city of Limerick, Ireland,
complained that he has had nothing
but hard luck since he arrived in Cali
fornia, and requested Judge Cabaniss
to suggest a remedy. His Honor side
stepped the appeal by referring it to
one of Malloy's fellow-countrymen,
Bailiff Hickey, who instantly advised
a change of name. Malloy stated that
he was christened by his forbears,
and Hickey said that fact made ho
difference.
W. F. Allen, dairyman at Forty
eighth avenue and P street, warbled
a blithesome greeting to the dawn as
he -copiously diluted with water the
lacteal product of his seven cows.
Watching from concealment. were two
sleuths of the Health Department, Dr.
M. J. Brady and Dr. Hassler, and. when
they believed they had seen enough to
warrant Allen's arrest they emerged
from their hiding-place and took him
and the debilitated milk to the police
station.
When the case was called before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday there was
no appearance of the defendant, his
ball was declared forfeited and a bench
warrant Issued for his capture. The
two complaining witnesses were there,
however, ready to recount how they
confirmed their suspicion that Allen
was putting more aqua in his milk
than was good for the folk who con
sumed it, especially as the water was
not of first-class quality. For two
days they lay low in a house adjoin
ing that of the suspect, but not until
they concealed themselves in his barn
was their patience rewarded. They
saw him systematically measure out
the water ere he spilled it into the
milk at the ratio of one pint to the
gallon. The water was taken from a
well, and analysis of it disclosed a
large percentage of Impurity.
When the detectives taxed Allen with
overdoing his dilution act he ingenu
ously Informed them that less than a
pint of water in each of milk
would make the mixture undrinkable,
because of the richness of the fluid as
it came from the cows, said richness
being caused by the ultra-nutritious
food supplied the animals in unlimited
quantity. He realized that he would
save both time and money by feeding
his kine less liberally, but he was such
a lover of the gentle beasts that he
could not abstain from pampering their
appetite.
What he will say In court remains to
be written.
SEPARATION I? COSTLY
Wheat Committee of Board
of Trade Decides to Ask
Legislature for Funds
Granting of Decree Unex
pected and Proceedings
Produce No Sensations
George E. Bates Says Late
Jloney Lender Promised
to Tear Up Obligation
Concealed in His Bajn, They Watch Him While He
Obtains Impure Water From a Well and Pours
a Pint of It Into Each Gallon of Lacteal Fluid
MRS. HANFORD
GETS DIVORCE
MONEY NEEDED
TO EXPERIMENT
NOTE RETURNS
TO PLAGUE HIM
HEALTH OFFICERS PLAY SLEUTH
AND CATCH A DILUTER OF MILK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, 1904
14
Ye Olde English Inn.
I 144 Mason st. Music by tho erreat Pan-
American Quartet « ,
ADVERTISE3fEN*TS.
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone Slain 5523-
Greater Bargains Than Ever
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square..32 t Ac
Quality and weight guaranteed.
RANCH EGGS, per doz 27 %c
Select white; none better.
COFFEE.Our Ideal Blend.No.f.per lb.20c
Reg. 25c. A coffee with a fin* aroma at
a popular price.
SWISS CHEESE, per Ib 27jiC
Re?. 33c. Genulns lznsorted.
FRENCH MIXED CANDIES, per lb....35c
The best Ingredients used.
GERMAN MUSTARD, in stone jars. .20c
Reg. 22c. Dueueldorfer Weln Sent.
MANZANILLA OLIVES. No. J. per qt-20c
Res. 23c.
Underwood's DEVILED HAM. Igs. can. 20c
Reg. 25c
FRENCH SARDINES in O/ira Oil, can, 15c
Re?. 25c. A great anas.
JERSEY CREAM, 3 cans 25c; doz 90c
Reg. 10c can. 11 10 dozen.
CROSSE & BLACKV/ELL'S PICKLES—
Vi Pt3. PtS. Qt«.
Special SOo S5o GOc
Regular 23c 40c 70o
Gherkins, mixed, chow, onlcna. walnuts.
TOMATOES. 2>/i Ib tins 3 for 25c
¦ Reg:. 2 for 23c Griffin'g solid pack.
GREER'S WASHING AMMONIA —
Pta. Qts. Heals.
Special l- ! .io i:Oo 4Oc
Regular 15c 2oo COc
MELLWOOD BOURBON, bot 75c; gal S3
Reg. $1. $4. Tho riiht whisky at the
right price.
ASTOR RYE. per bot 90c; per gal $4.00
Res. $1 23. *3. Spring. 1300.
M USC A TEL and ANGELIC A. bot25c;gal$1
Reg. 33c: cal.. $1 30. Th* ladies* de-
light; sweet wines.
RIESLING, per gal... r^rViV. 40c
Reg. 00c A delicate dlaaer brr«rB*a.
iPETITCAfiERA
now at a Low Price J
Mypriceonly J
Big Reductions on Poco *nd \
KoronaGmeashSevcnil Sizes J
Sunset Bazaar I
>42 Third St. Sam Franosco > jj
carters] aim SICK s^ 01101^
33rrriE Genuine Must Bear
m LYIrB Fa>Similo Signature
** A babe in the house is a well-sprii^J
of pleasure " if he i3 properly fed and
well nourished, then he ia happy and
"everybody is happy." ••- - %rvr ... ,,
Yoiir baby will be healthy and happy
and a well-spring of pleasure, if you
will give him Mellin's Food. : &.
Sample bottle sent free of charge, '
MELLnr3 FOOD CO, BOSTON, MAS3.
HAXE'S. | HATJE'3.
C. Curtin Sale at lia!e's
O/j/y One of the Causes Underlying the Tremendous Business of
Sharp price reductions on all summer goods in our own resr-
ular stock is another.
And the third : The faith women have in Hale's, in Hale
statements and Hale values.
It Is this trust women put In the Hale store we value above everything.
That's why we understate rather than overstate: why every bit of our adver-
tising: Is censored bj»fore being printed. We don't want to lead you to expect
more than you will get or to give you a false Impression In any way.
Certainly there is a magnificent grouping of opportunities to-day.
All C. Curtin Remnants
Dress Goods at Half Price
One-half off C. Curtin's reduced prices. Not off his regular
prices, for Mr. Curtin had marked these remnants way down in
his removal sale before we bought his entire stock. See how
much more it means to pay just half these reduced prices.
£ /.^Lengths of from I to 5 and 6 yards, black and colored wool
dress goods. We have left C. Curtin's reduced price mark3 on
them and
We Will Cut Marked Prices in Two
And take the difference right off your checks.
All good, desirable stuffs. So important we put them on a bargain
table near the elevator. We take as much buj-ing space as we can to
make choosing easy for you.
22c Yard At 30c Yard
For 4-inch Ribbon Oriental Striped Tapestry.
It's a good silk ribbon with polka It>s a S^od valu»5 at 40c: the very
dots; navy with white dots, black with thing to drape the cozy corner or to
white, white with black, pink with cover the lounge or for making cur-
white, cardinal with white, navy with tair.s for doors. Dainty Oriental strip-
cardinal. It's a swell ribbon for belt e( l tapestry at 30c Instead of 40o yd.
or neck use. • Drapery store, second floor.
At 15c yd.— A heavy 4-ln. taffeta rib- _.. , . ~
bon. hair-inch edge, with cardinal. Stationery Savings
rose, lavender, black and maize. J .- °
We want you to get In the habit of That Will Make Bll\'lllg Rapid.
coming to Hale's for ribbons whenever <-.-. u. nv r n writing naner and en
you want them. These extra values OOC box for writing paper ana en-
but point the way to scores of others. velopes that are- regularly $i.oo
And, you know, we'll tie all bows a box., ioo sheets of paper and
free. 8o envelopes, white and blue. It's
the Berlin 'Bond women like to
\-f- % GT/-» \7 ri *•/{ write on. It's a special Hale pa-
•**•*' 1«>^ X ctrU per and a special Hale price. 6oc
"2^ Whiff* Ovfnrrl So ana 7o for Pads of legal and latter
X.OL- YV 1ULC VAiUIU manila paper for off.ee use.
And some mercerized damask 15 ?. bo * '? r 2S , C . ¦ p , a P e ?T Mix * d ! ot
waists, and pretty ones. stamp your Initial on any cne-qulrs
We will have call for it this box oi Paper f or gOc -
fall, too. Small designs and tiS&sJ&bSST *s£7 m>
summer stuff, and we are get- JW^^^^^j^^^^^^*^
ting^ ready for fall, pay 15c for -^ZS******* 1^
it, instead of 25c yd. - Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F.
MARKS BROS.
If you want the BEST BARGAINS In
San Francisco —
If you want to buy In the BUSIEST
STORE —
If you want to maka BIG SAYINGS on
your Purchases—
Marks Bros.
The Home of Honest Values •
1220-1222-1224 MarKet Street
nusL/N lf\\\ \Xuty
Skirt as pictured, made with deep flounce
trimmed with 3 ROWS OF TORCHON IN-
SERTION. FINISHED with RUFFLE Of
TORCHON LACE; an EXTRA DEEP dust
RUFFLE.
Women's Walking Skirts
• JUST SEE theet awarirer INSTEP
LENGTH SKIRTS. Th«y*r» serfeet flt-
ting; very full flare; come In light, medi-
um and dark effects In all SUMMER
WEIGHT MATERIALS. Formerly sold as
high as $7.60; now
$3.95
Women's Dress Skirts
RIGHT In the NICK OF TIME. Come
In BLACK ONLY: beautifully trimmed
with 18 TAFFETA STITCHED FOLDS. A
neat and dressy style. Our regular $5.00
value. To-day
$2.75
Women's French Lisle Vests
The SWISS RIBBED KIND, with loo*
Bleeves; Tlichts to match. All colon.
Always sold for $1.00; now
65c
Muslin Underwear Cut to the
- Lowest Notch;
25e Lonsdale Cambric CORSET COVERS.
FRENCH STYLE. —JTrimmed In Torchon
Lace. Rtbbon run thro' beading. Special at
19c
75c SAILOR COLLAR MUSLIN CT/\#«
GOWNS, To-Day . . . . . *JVIC/
$5.50 Silk Petticoats
$3.25
Come In Red and Pink only. Accordion
Plaited Flounce; Van Dyke ««ect. Some of
these are snaps that our buyer picked uo in
New York. a week ago; others ar© broken,
lota of our. own' stock.
' • ADVERTISOIEyTS
$15.00, $17.50 and $20.00 8
..Just Received the Very Newest, Styles.. |
The "TOURIST" and "MIKADO" styles, I
handsome material, exquisite workmanship. I
1 Regular prices $20.00, $2250 and S2?.OO. [¦ I
I ..500 New Style Skirts.. I J
At. $2.50. $3.50 and $5.00 i
The very newest cut and newest materials. |
' EXTRAORDINARY VALUES. ' I 1
..New Style Jackets.. I
Special— $6.50, $7.50 and $10.00 1
Regular Values S8.Q0, $10.00 and SI 250., I
JUST COME TO LOOK — I
..1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.. 1