SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1904.
mands are such that they cannot be
met with profit by the steamship com
panies.
"Free educational facilities, while a
great benefit to American boys, do not
fit them for life on the sea. Educated
men are needed to direct the work, but
not to perform it, and it'is this condi
tion that results in foreigners filling
the positions on shipboard ' that many
believe should be held in reserve for
Americans.' ,.'.'.
"Regarding these good American
crews of which you hear politicians
say so much, I have something to say:
On one of our vessels, 'out of a crew of
fifty-one men, there were but two men
that could splice or knot a rope, and
these were not Americans. The per
centage of Americans that sail before
the mast is deplorably small. I realize
that something must .be done for the
American boy, but this cannot be done
on the big lirtfcrs. Our captains have
tried in every way to aid young Ameri
cans that went to sea on' our ships, but
their efforts usually resulted in failure.
They arc hard to discipline, ' and in
clerical capacities they proved inac
curate.
"Opportunities should be given for the
American boy to go to sea, but first he
should be given independent training
on a ship devoted to that purpose. The
youth must have a square-rigged ship
on which to learn the art of navigation.
This plan is now being successfully
carried out by the Hamburg- American
Line, under subsidy of the German
Government. •
"We have the nucleus for a training
fleet in the ship St. Mary of New
York. Every large coast city should
have one of these training- vessels, | the
course of • study | thereon being fixed at
three years. ' If ; the Government In
sists on training lads on mail ships it
is going to defeat its own purpose. : It
would be better to reduce any ; pur
posed subsidy, and turn the difference
into the support of such nautical
stitutions. •
"There are thousands of American
young men that would be as glad to
go to sea ; as I was when a boy. • I
told my father that I 'would eifher go
to sea' or run away from home and
enter,' the navy. ' He could take his
choice. He saw that I went to sea.
' "Reverting; to the question of sub
sidy,"! do not believe that , Congress
should 'frame an assistance ' bill that
would : tend'' in} any ; way/' to • encourage
Continued 1 on Pase 2, ' Column 3.
The shots were heard by persons on
the street, who summoned the police.
Osborne was conscious when found and
told the officers that he had been shot
by the negro. He died upon reaching
a hospital.
Oeborne was killed by 1 Watson out
of revenge for the latter's discharge as
valet on July 15. Osborne's family was
away, but Osborne slept at home each
night. Watson says that he got into
the house last night after Osborne re
tired and went to sleep in the basement.
This morning Watson went upstairs,
when he heard Osborne stirring about
and met him at the bathroom door, fir
ing one shot. Osborne ran into his
bedroom and the negro followed and
fired two more shots, both taking ef
fect.
HARTFORD, Conn.; Aug. 6.— Henry
Osborne, a former Police Commissioner
and a leading business man, was mur
dered to-day by his former colored
body servant. Joseph Watson. The
negro was found to-night hiding under
a bed in the basement of the Osborne
home. Outside the house at the time
the murderer was found a thousand
persons were gathered and as Watson
was escorted down the steps to the pa
trol wagon the air resounded with
cries of "Kill him! Lynch him:" but
no violence other than of voice was at
tempted.
Watson, who is 18 years of age and
very unprepossessing in appearance,
did not quail when face to face with
the shouting crowd.
"I had it in for Osborne and I killed
him," he said. "I am not afraid to die
and I am satisfied now that I killed
him." '
Discharged Colored
Valet Commits
iviuruui\
A strong advocate of subsidy—pro
gressive, not digressive — was found in
R. P. Schwerin, president of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, who was
first called yesterday morning to pre
sent his views to the commission.
Schwerin began his address by stating
frankly that he had no philanthropic
ideas about the. transportation business.
He believed, he said, in running a
steamship line to; make all the money
possible out of it for the stockholders.
Referring to the rapid rise of the Uni
ted States navy, he said he believed
that the same wise statesmanship ap
plied to the merchant marine would
lift it from its present deplorable con
dition to one of prosperity. Continuing
he said In part:
"The fundamental principle in the
transportation business Is economy of
operation. Protection has raised the
American laborer to practically a mid
dle class position, and it is well, gener
ally speaking, . that this Is so, but It
places such men beyond - consideration
.for positions as sailors, as •" their • de-
R. P. Schwerin Expresses Confidence
in American Statesmanship.
PROPHESIES IMPROVEMENT.
The Merchant Marine Commission of
Congress has completed its labors in
San Francisco. Shortly after 5 o'clock
last evening Senator Gallinger and
Representatives Minor, Splght and
Humphrey, who compose the commis
sion, announced that, from the stand
point of the Pacific Coast, the question
at issue— the expansion of the American
merchant marine — had been exhaust
ively discussed, and that the members
of the commission 'would not meet
again as a body until they return to
the national capital.
Facts developed during the session of
the commission here demonstrate that
a palsy is upon the American merchant
marine that demands drastic remedies.
A mass of testimony was presented by
the many men that appeared before the
commission during its sessions in the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce,
and the advice given covered a wide
range of thought. Among the' most
prominent of the local shipping and
commercial men that appeared, the
opinion is shared that subsidy in some
form or another would be the tonic to
revitalize the dying merchant marine
of the United States.
COMPETING
FOR ROME'S
GOODWILL
Rival Nations Seek
Place 'Vacated by
Prance.
MINISTER BOWEN LODGES
" * , ' 'A PROTEST WITH CASTRO
United States Objects to the Seizure
of the Bermudesc Com
pany's Mines.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 5.— Minister
Bowen has cabled the State Depart
ment that he has lodged a strong pro
test with President Castro against the
action of the Government in seizins
the asphalt mines belonging to tha
New York and Bermudese Company.
The receiver of the Government is said
to be supported by two Venezuela war
ships in his occupation of the com
pany's property.
the building of ¦¦ ships for speculation.
This would defeat, the. very end .cf
such a. measure. What we want m/*~t
is tramp ships .and under the . «v
they should be given opportunity to
take labor wherever it is the cheapen'..
Get the ships first, .no matter, who
mans them, and eventually opportuni
ties will grow until enough American
boys will enter the tarvice to man all
the vessels flying the American flag.
, "I have thought of many ways by
which the Government might assist
the American marine, but all of them
are surrounded by difficulties that are
hard to evade. I believe, however, that
the Government should lend it% aid pri
marily, to direct mall routes, the ships
of which are so constructed that they
would be of ' immediate use to the
Government in time of need. This
would not only aid the American mer
chant marine, but would be a profit
able investment for the Government."
In this connection Schwerin referred
to those, subsidized ships flying the
Japanese j flag that have been takeh
over by the Nippon Government and
are now operating before the besieged
ports of . Manchuria. Continuing, he
said: - .
"As to the tramp ships the bill
should be so framed that' they will be
assisted when they carry cargoes from
ports at which none of the regular
mail liners touch.: One class of ships
should not be brought into competi
tion with the other. Such a condition
would send the tramp ship where it is
wanted most. They would then s\sek
ports that could not be served by the
regular -line. However, I do not be
lieve that this committee nor any Con
gressional committee can frame. a bill
that will do -away with the existing
evil. ' It must be a mixed committee,
composed of members of both; houses
of Congress, and naval and commer
cial men." . .
Schwerin here, referred to the dif
ficulties that confronted him In his
efforts ; to have the steamships Siberia
and Korea so constructed that they
would . be readily convertible into
cruisers and thereby come under a
proposed subsidy measure. The diffi
culties were such, however, that he
said he. wa's finally, compelled to tell
the officials to "Go to h—1" and con
struct ; the , vessels as he saw fit. In
this connection Schwerin gave another
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Aug. 5.— According to ln
lormation gleaned at the headquarters
of the German Roman Catholic party
here to-day,- the fatherland is already'
moving to acquire the position, of the
leading: Roman Catholic power. The
breach between the Vatican and the
Frencrt Government has made this pos
sible/ The Kaiser is dVecting his
diplomacy to the acquisition of the
heritage of the '.'eldest daughter of the
church"— universal protection of Catho
lic interests "in partibus infldelium."
It is said- that it has already been
settled that Germany shall be given
the much desired protectorship ever the
Levant and other spheres of Teutonic
influence in the Near and Far East.
The -Vatican is- confronted with the
necessity of distributing protectorship
rights among the. several children of
the church. Austria, in particular, is
making strong pretensions.
German Catholics are overjoyed with
the prospect that their party's position
cf political predominance in Germany
is assured forever should the Kaiser
succeed in obtaining the place about
to be evacuated by the French.
ASKS THAT WARSHIP BE
SENT TO MONTE CKISTI
Minister Dawson's Request Indicates
That Another Revolution 13
Impending.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 5.— Dawson.
the American Minister to San Domin
go, in a cablegram to the State De
partment suggests that it would be
well to have a warship at Monte Cristi
for a short time. It is inferred from
this cablegram that another revolu
tionary movement is impending;
Lady Twecdmouth Is Dead.
LONDON. Aug. 5.— Lady Tweed
mouth (Lady Fanny C. L. Spencer-
Churchill), political hostess of the Lib
eral party and a sister of the laty
Lord Randolph Churchill, is dead, aged
49 years. .. She was the daughter of the
seventh' Duke of Marlborough,
ENDS LIFE
OF FORMER
EMPLOYER
National Legislators Express Gratification at Profitable
Result of Their Work Here.
LEADERS IX SAX FRAXCISCO'S COMMERCE AXD INDUSTRY WHO YESTERDAY ADDRESSED THE CONGRESSIONAL- COMMISSION OX " THE MERCHANT MARINE.
The situation now is that th« 8t**«
Department awaits the '¦'ct upon the
Sultan of the show c^ displeasure
made here to-^ay.
• hich it is certain will give Admiral
Jewell the information that his ships
may be needed in Turkish waters.
The European squadron will not
leave the Mediterranean for the Atlan
tic. The battleship squadron has not
yet arrived at Gibraltar, but it is ex
pected there within a day or two. The
Iowa yesterday left Palermo. Sicily,
for Gibraltar, having become detached
from the squadron.
Without making any formal an
nouncement, the State and Navy de
partments encourage the suggestion
that the European squadron will be
ordered to Turkish waters soon unless
a satisfactory settlement be made.
Cable .orders were to-day sent to Rear
Admiral Jewell, commanding the Euro
pean squadron In the Mediterranean.
At the same time Secretary Hay in
structed Leishman to .redouble his rep
resentations to the Porte and to ex
press the imperative desire of the
United States for an early answer.
No concealment is made of the
chagrin of the administration. Secre
tary Hay returned to Washington only
to-day from Lake Sunapee, N. H.
Leishman, on last Friday, had suc
ceeded in obtaining an audience with
the Sultan. He had sought this Inter
view for two years, during which
period many new questions had arisen.
He asked the Sultan that American
physicians, dentists and other profes
sional men be given the same privilege
in the Ottoman empire as professional
men from Europe and that the di
plomas of American professional
schools be accepted on the same basi3
as those from European countries. In
addition to this, he made plain the
earnest desire of the United States for
greater protection and liberties for
American religious and educational in
stitutions in Turkey. Lastly, he sug
gested the elevation of diplomatic re
lations between the United States and
Turkey by the establishment of em
bassies in Washington and Constanti
nople. This would increase Leisli
man's prestige in Constantinople and
render future difficulties more easy of
adjustment.
At the Cabinet meeting to-day it was
decided to send instructions to Leish
man to show the displeasure of tha
U..lted States to the Turkish Foreign
Office and a message to- Rear Admiral
Jewell at Vlllefranche. the exact con
tents of which are not known, but
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. August 5.—Washing
ton and Constantinople are again in
dispute. Secretary Hay to-day receiv
ed a cable dispatch from Leishman.
the American Minister to Turkey,
stating that no satisfactory answer
was forthcoming to the request for a
settlement of diplomatic differences,
made by Leishman in a personal audi
ence with the Sultan last week.
Special Dispatch to Tb« Cull.
•.premises.
• 'The facts concerning the case were
"kept a secret until yesterday afternoon,
.when the County Clerk at Redwood
City found it necessary to engross the
title of the case upon his records.
It then developed that Charles W.
Clark docs not hold in his own name
"the title to the San Mateo property, to
which h° and his bride had sojourned
to epenci their honeymoon, but that it
rested in the name of his father.
PAPERS ARE fcEHVED.
. The Sheriff, actinp: on advice of at
• torcey-s. had served the attachment on
-information and belief that the younger
Clai k has a substantial interest in the
property.
The attachment caused no end of
among Clark's friends in this
city, who were at a loss for a sug
. Rf'stion as to why the young man had
Called to meet his obligations with
• the B«nk of California. He has al
,v.ays boon regarded as a man of ample
'tends. His father has, on more than
lone occasion, publicly ar-serted that
: his *o;ip were amp^' provided with
-• moncv ::nd could draw on him for
. rn<"i»e-if they needed It.
;• .When asked for a statement last
evening, however, Charles Clark
Would only say that the action of the
Bank "was wholly unnec
e?:-<5ry and that it w;ts a matter which
• could be adjusted at once." Later in
the evening it was learned that young
"t.lark had been in telephonic com
'¦'. Linication with the officials of the
• b;inK an-? had assured them that his
notes -v.ouM be attended to before
.noon to-day. Otherwise the attach
ment will stand against the property
' Cat!] Monday.
- \.,. HANK ACTS QUICKLY.
Much speculation has been indulged
>n by Clark's friends in this city as'j
' to the nature of the trouble between
him and the bank. According to a
'•Ft'ory told by his friends, ttie bank
%ny»de formal demand upon him for a
settlement several days before the suit
. -?as filed and failing to get a satisfac
tory answer its attorney was in
• siructed to proceed as he deemed
proper. On Wednesday it was noised
'iibout town that Clark and Miss Tobin
.". tre quietly arranging: for an early
wedding.
, . The Bank of California officials de
¦"< lUed that prompt action was neces
•'sdry to protect themselves, for it was
•-arsrted that Clark might be preparing
'to have his San Mateo home deeded
over to his bride as a wedding gift.
.Hence the hurried attachment suit.
• * The San Mateo residence was pur
' rUused by Charles W. Clark from Wal
-tei "Hobart a year ago and no one sus
pected that its title would be trans
. ferred to Senator Clark instead of his
son. . At the time of the transfer the
. property was heavily mortgaged and
part of this incumbrance was assumed
by the purchaser. Although the of
fit ials of the bank and Charles Clark
• yesterday declined to discuss the con
• ditlons .of the sale it is general under
stood by Clark's friends that his notes,
executed in favor of the Bank of Cali
fornia, were part of the real estate
4f-.il. given in jsecurity for a mortgage
on the property, -
When Charles W. Clark, son of Mon
-tana's millionaire Senator, and his
charming young bride. Miss Celia
Tobin, whom he quietly married in this
city, last Thursday, arrived at their
¦home in San Mateo a few hours after
the nuptial ceremony, they found their
palatial establishment practically in
!eharge of the Sheriff of the county.
. The day previous to the wedding,
which has furnished San Francisco so
ciety much interesting material for gos-
Fip, an attachment suit against young
Clark was filed at Redwood City by
: the Bank of California through its at
:torney. Judge Allen. The action was
brought to enforce a settlement of two
'notes for $25,000, executed by Clark on
December 21, 1903. and the accrued in
<vrcet. The Sheriff of Sar. JlafM Coun.-..
:ty -immediately dispatched a deputy
Iwith the attachment to the Clark resl
-dence. where, in the absence of the
o-vner, a formal levy was made by
leaving a copy of the document on the
Interview for Which American Repre
sentative Waited Two Years
Is Futile.
No Heed Paid to Requests
Presented by Minister
Leisbman.
He Declares That the Action Taken
: . • by Plaintiffs Was Wholly
Unnecessary.
Bank ol California Levies on
• His Country Place at
San Mateo.
Washington Is Tired
oi ttie Sultan's
Insolence.
Young Millionaire
: Is Sued lor
$25,000.
MAY ORDER
A SQUADRON
TO TURKEY
RESIDENCE
OF CLARK
ATTACHED
A FTER an interesting session, covering a period of two days, the Merchant Marine Commission of Congress adjourned last evening not to meet again as a
f\ body until the national capital is reached. During the stay .of the commission here many of the prominent shipowners, commercial men and representatives
of sailors before the mast gave their advice on the question at issue— the expansion of the American merchant marine. Vhile many opinions were expressed
and many remedies for the existing evil suggested, the commission will carry away from this port the knowledge' that here a great majority -of those most inter
ested stand as advocates of governmental subsidy, to be enjoyed by all vessels that fly the American flag. V
MARINE COMMISSION OF CONGRESS ENDS LABORS
IN SAN FRANCISCO AND CONGRATULATES CITIZENS
Alcazar — "The Lady of Iiyoni."
California — "A Thoroughbred
Tramp."
Central — "Serjreaat James."
Columbia — "Mice and Hen."
Ciutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer's — "Tho Whirl of the
Town."
Grand — "Shanandoah."
Orphetun — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "The Toreador."
Matinees at All Theaters Except
California.
THE • WEATHER. \
' Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours eadia.gr
midnlg-ht, Aug-nst 6:
Saa TraaclBco and vicinity —
Cloudy Saturday; brisk westerly
wia.<t«, with for.
A. Q. McAOZS.
District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. G7.
The San Francisco Call.White Star Line Cuts Fare and
Cunard Company Probably
Will Meet Cut.
LONDON.. Aug. 5.— The White Star
line has reduced its Bteerage rates to
$10 on aJl its steamships. It is expected
that the Cunard line will make a sim
ilar reduction.
Tobacco Combine Defeated.
OTTAWA, Out., Aug. 5.— The anti
tobacco, combine bill of the Minister
of Inland Revenue passed the Com
mons to-day.
TALKS OF CONSTRUCTION.
George W. Dickie Furnishes the Com
mission Many Interesting: Facts.
George W. Dickie, who followed
Few Fatalities Due to Fire, but Man y
Persons Are Injured by
Falling Walls.
HEILDROX, Wurtemburg, Aug. 5.—
Three hundred and ten houses out of
a total of 5€0 at Illsfeld have been de
stroyed bv fire. There were few fatal
ities, but many persons were Injured
by falling walls while engaged in the
v.ork of rescue.
HALF A TOWN IS wfPED
OUT BY FIERCE FLA3IES
FORTY EXILED HAYTCAXS
CONDEMNED TO DEATH
Montplaiser and His Followers Will Be
Executed if They Return to
the Republic
PORT AC PRINCE, Hayti, Aug. 5.—
The stores were reopened to-day undei
the protection of police and without
any unusual incidents. .
The military tribunal has condemned
to death by default the forty, exiled
persons accused of complicity in the
attempted revolution, headed by Gen
eral Montplaiser, which failed in Jan
uary/last.
LONDON, Aug. 5.— The Catholic Her
ald says that the ill health of the Pope
is causing considerable anxiety to his*
entourage. While nothing specifically
serious is the matter with the Pontiff,
his Holiness is extremely sensitive, and
incidents are constantly occurring
which cause him pain and anxiety.
This state of affairs is causing his med
ical advisers much worry.
Incidents Are Constantly Occurring
Which AfTect the Pontiff's
Peace of Mind.
ILL HEALTH OF (THE POPE
CAUSING MUCH ANXIETY
The commission returned to its hear
ing on marine topics at 2:30 o'clock.
The first subject for consideration was
the claim made by various firms that
the Government handling of army
transports costs more than by charter
ing ships of private firms. Major C.
A. Devol, general superintendent . of
army - transports at San * Francisco,
gave some interesting information. He
spoke of the Government's having
given a trial of chartering ships for
the transportation of troops and had
found that with its v own transports the
cost of carrying had been cut in half,
while the carrying capacity of each
ship had been doubled. The companies
owning vessels had also been compelled
to charter other boats to take the place
of those being used by the Govern
ment. To overhaul and prepare steam
ships for the reception and accommo
dation of troops would amount • to so
much that he did not think the steam
ship companies could afford to make
such changes. Without these changes
the carrying of the troops could not
be as well done as under Government
service. All the .transports, with one
exception, were, on a paying basis.
This was brought about by their
freight carrying capacity. The Dlx,
on account of its size, could notjbe used
to bring freight from the Philippines
and was run at a loss until animals
were sent back to America, since
which time the Dlx has very nearly
paid its expenses.
Captain I. E. Thayer, a marine sur
veyor and shipbuilder, spoke at great
length for the system of free ships. He
explained to the commission that Ger
many had built up a magnificent mer
chant marine by constructing ship
yards from the profits derived from
free ships. He advocated this plan
under the plea that it could not pos
sibly make, the situation worse. Here
Senator, Gallinger " interrupted the
speaker by saying that Germany is al
lowing rebates on materials and subsi
dies on ships and practically ignoring
free ships. . Great Britain, he added,
has done ' the same.- Captain Thayer
claimed that Great Britain's ships had
not equaled Germany's on the free ship
plan, but later admitted that he had
repaired a foreign ship, and had Con
gress place it in the coastwise trade
under American register, rather than
having it repaired abroad.
.'Congressman Edward J. Livernash
occupied a few moments by offering
two suggestions. He desired to correct
a misunderstanding at Washington to
the" effect that it was impossible for
white men to: work as stokers in the
tropics. He said that on two lines run
ning from San Francisco to tropical
ports none but white stokers were em
ployed, and that they withstood the
heat as well as did the Asiatics. He
also added that he. wished to file with
in a few days more complete informa
tion-, regarding the sailors' conditions
on much the same idea as covered by
Schwerin at the morning session.
¦ Following Livernash came a- man
named Pierce with an unpronounce
able ; first . name, -who -was , rather un
steady on his lega. He said he desired
Listens to Long Arguments Delivered
. at the Afternoon Session.
COMMISSION ENDS ITS LABORS.
"The treatment, colors, objects and
other elements," writes Lee, "which
"enter into the composition of the shield
or flag will be left to the free will and
ideas of the competitors, without llmi
-tation. except that the sketches must
be original and in good taste."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— Panama Is
looking for a coat or arms and a first
class national flag. In order to get the
best samples of each, the Government
l.as authorized competition for de
signs. According to J. ' . . J. Lee, sec
retary of the United States Legation
in Panama, prizes of $200 each will be
awarded for the best flag .and the best
coat of arms offered.
Baby Republic Offers a Cash Prize
for the Best Design
«. of Each.
PANAMA WANTS A FLAG
AND A COAT OP ARMS
Disastrous Forest Fire.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Aug. 5.— A forest
fire on Thompson Creek, this county,
has burned over five sections of land,
destroying valuable timber, a county
wagon bridge and a farmhouse. The
fire is now under control.
•j "I do not attempt to point out what
may be considered an infallible rem
edy and I will say that in my_opinion
you will never find a remedy without
the co-operation of practical shipping
men. I don't believe any cold-blooded
bill can be framed that will relieve the
situation, but I do believe that great
aid could be given by a progressive, not
digressive, subsidy. Capital must be
encouraged and shipyards as well as
ship owners protected and aided."'
The next point touched upon by
Schwerin was In relation to the cost of
building vessels here and in foreign
shipyards. He said the Korea and Si
beria cost his company in round figures
$3,700,000, and there is yet due on them
considerably over $1,000,000. The cost
of the Manchuria and Mongolia was
$4,500,000. No payments have yet been
made on these vessels. These same
vessels could be duplicated in England
for a much less sum, he said, perhaps
30 or 35 per cent less, but had they been
purchased there they would have been
denied American register. Schwerin
gave some further comparisons to show
that no inducements are held out to
shipbuilders to patronize American
yards, and on the question of repairs he
cited an interesting example, saying:
"Not long ago one of our big ships,
the Algoa, ran on the rocks. After she
was floated an examination disclosed
the fact that she needed extensive re
pairs. We advertised for bids. The
lowest bid we received here was $93,000,
while the Victoria, B. C, yard agreed
to do the work for $42,000. It was an
nounced that the great difference was
due not alone to the fact that here the
dockage charge was $30,000, as against
$6000 .in the north, but to the high
wages demanded by the San Francisco
workingmen. After much bickering the
contract was awarded to a local firm,
it agreeing to do the work for the sum
of the Victoria bid plus the estimated
cost of taking the damaged ship to
Seattle.
"It is the exorbitant wages and dock
age charges here that result In great
loss to the American people. It has
been the custom of our company to
have repairs on our trans-Pacific liners
made In Hongkong owing to the labor
situation here, but at the present time
there Is no dock In the Oriental port
large enough to hold our new ships.
We would rather have the cleaning and
painting* of our new ships done in the
Orient, all other things being equal,
because— and' I regret to say it— the
Chinese laborers do better work than
the Americans." :
Regarding the free ship theory
Schwerin said:
"The difficulties and great expense
that confront those that would build
ships in American yards do not neces
sarily suggest the free ships would be
a remedy for existing evils. I am con
fident that the free ship theory will be
eliminated from the question if an In
creasing, not diminishing, subsidy— a
subsidy that will increase from year
to year during its term instead of di
minish. .
interesting point He said that at one
time the vessels of the Pacific Mail
fleet were operating under the postal
subsidy act of 1891, but notwithstand
ing the subsidy his company steadily
lost "money and was finally compelled
to cancel its contract with the Gov
ernment, since which time it has made
money. Schwerin explained this ap
parently incongruous state of affairs
bv stating that the mail contracts re
quired the vessels of his fleet to sail
faster than they could under normal
conditions. The result was that they
burned more coal, destroyed more
boilers and broke more machinery
than the Government subsidy covered.
Upon abrogating the contract the
company's vessels returned to normal
conditions, repair and coal bills fell
off and the company was able to make
a profit. Schwerin' commended all of
these points to the commission 1 when
it sits down to write the bill having as
its object the expansion of the Amer
ican merchant marine. In closing on
this point he said that while he fa
vored a general subsidy, the subsidy
should cover the cargo carried and
not the mileage.
Schwerin then went into an interest-
Ing discussion of the comparative cost
of operating vessels uA,der the American
and foreign flags. The statistics pre
sented by him went to show that with
white or European crews, as they are
commonly called, shipped at this port
at the port wages the cost of operating
ships is from two to three times greater
than to operate the same ships with
European crews shipped at foreign
ports and under foreign flags, and
greater again than when operated by
Asiatics. This, he said, would explain
to any reasoning business man why the
Pacific Mail carried Asiatics on its
trans-Pacific lines. The Chinese, he
said, also gave better service than
Europeans in positions not requiring
great strength, and the item of their
maintenance alone resulted in the sav
ing of hundreds of thousands of dollars
a year to his company.
ALBANY, N. Y., Aug. 5.— Alton
B. Parker ceased to be Chief Judge of
the Court of Appeals of New York at
S:20 o'clock this afternoon, handing In
his resignation after a two minutes*
session of court In which he and flvo
associate Judges disposed of sixty-six
cases remaining on the calendar.
Without any intimation of his pur
pose he cr^-.e to Albany, took part
with five of the other Judges In clear
ing up all but three of the cases which «
had been argued before the court and
then sent a messenger to file his for
mal resignation in the office of tha
Secretary of State, as the constitution
and law required.
His business as Chief Judge being
completed. Judge Parker called In all
the newspaper men, took them through
the court chambers, private offices and
consultation rooms and Introduced
each one of his associate Judges. In
his own room, which he has occupied
so long, he looked out of the window
to the distant hills -across the Hudson.
His voice trembled perceptibly as he
said:
"This room, boys, was mine."
Slight emphasis on the word "was"
gave the first actual indication to re
porters of his Intention to resign.
Returning to the consultation room
he took a long envelope from a pocket
and, turning to Buell C. Andrews, an
official of the court, said:
"Andrews, will you do a kindness for
me? Please take this down stairs and
file it with the Secretary of State."
The document read:
Hon. John F. O'Brien, Secretary of State-
Sir: I 'hereby respectfully resign my offlc« as
Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals of th»
Stats of New York, »uch resignation to take
effect Immediately.
ALTOX B. PARKER.
Rosemount. Esopus. N. Y., Aug. 5. 1004.
Judge Parker spent the remainder of
the afternoon in conversation with his
former colleagues in the court. He re
fused to make any statement or com
ment in connection with his resigna
tion beyond saying: "It speaks f cr
Itself." _;
His fellow Judges were not so reti
cent and each one had something to
say, all testifying to the esteem in
which they held him as a Jurist and
man.
FUSION IN NEBRASKA.
Democrats and Populist* Will Com
: \ ' bine on State Ticket.
LINCOLN. Neb., Aug. 5. — Thomas
H. Tibbets of this city. Populist candi
date for Vice President, has been
strongly opposed to fusion with the
Democrats, but to-day he said he
would agree to fusion with any party
that would oppose monopolies. He
said he would consent to a division of
the ticket In Nebraska. This practi
cally makes fusion certain when the
two State conventions meet here next
Wednesday.'
ALLEGED CHILD STEALERS
ARE GIVEN CONTINUANCE
Jensen Case Goes Over and Little Girl
13 Taken Charge of by
Danish Official.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5.— When William
Jensen and hi3 wife, who were arrested
several days ago charged with kidnap
ing Elsie Gellert two years ago ia Den
mark, were taken before United States
Commissioner Foote to-day the case
was continued by agreement of the at
torneys. "sS- V
While the Jensens were at the Fed
eral Court building the County Jail
authorities surrendered the child to
representatives of the Danish Govern
ment and to-nfsht the little girl Is on
the way to New York, accompanied by
Georga Beech, acting Danish Consul
at New York, and a woman attendant.
On their arrival In New York the child
will be sent to her parents in Frederica,
Denmark.
Shaft at Arroyo Grande Sank Four
ABANDONED OIL WELL ,
SUDDENLY BECOMES ACTIVE
Years Ajjo Now a Producing
Property.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Aug. 5.— Word
has just been received here that a well
drilled for oil four years ago by the
Western Union Oil Company at Arroyo
Grande, where oil has never, been de
veloped, has begun flowing. The well
was plugged and abandoned. yThere i3
much excitement over the matter, as
several companies were already or
ganizing to drill.
"On six Government ships building at
the iron works we figure we have lost
$1,200,000 through conditions we could
not control. The exactions of the.Gov
ernmentj.are frequently arbitrary, and
a dispute regarding the ventilation J of
one of the vessels tied up; the work-on
it for. a period of months. : In the end
the Government had: its way, the ven
tilation cost us four times what we cal
culated it would arid now, it, is a failure!
The system we intended to install
would have. been a success."
Schwerin, made a most interesting
statement to the' commission. Mr.
Dickie's great experience in ship build
ing gave his advice an authoritative
stamp and he was intently listened* to
throughout. He confined his address
mainly to the difficulties that confront
American ship builders at the present
time, though in answer to questions
of members of the Congressional Com
mission he widened the scope of his
statements to. cover the free ships and
subsidy questions. In part he said:
"There are three conditions that
combat the builders of ships in the
United States — design, labor and ma
terial, j The great element to be con
tended with by those that wish to com
pete with foreign yards is the cost of
labor. After giving the subject much
study I have determined that the cost
of labor is 65 per cent of the vessel's
worth. In America the wages are 87%
per cent higher than in England. Then
there is much piece work done at set
tled rates and, notwithstanding great
efforts, we have never been able to ac
complish anything in that direction
here. The claim that American work
ingmen are able to produce more than
foreigners in a given unit of time I
have found not to be so.
"The difference in price of material
here is much greater than in England,
though the disparity is not so great
as it is in the matter of labor. There
is only about 28 per cent difference in
the price of woodwork here and there,
but steel can be bought in the foreign
market from American manufacturers
many dollars a ton less than it can at
home. This should not be so, but it
is" and all these elements go. to make
the" cost of 'American built vessels
from 35 to 38 per cent more than
those turned out by foreign yards.
"Whether or not we ever will be
able to compete with these conditions
I am not prepared to say.. The claim
that the difference, in wages and cost
of material is largely balanced by. our
better facilities is not the case.- The
yards of England and Scotland are
fully as well equipped as our own and
as for the tools the foreign ones are
better in • many instances than ours.
As a matter of fact there are certain
kinds we import from- there for use
in our own yards.
"In one of the English yards I saw
a ship there In course of construction
that is almost a duplicate of the
cruiser California, recently launched
at the Union Iron Works. Upon in
vestigation I learned that the steel
that was entering into the construc
tion of that vessel was being pur
chased from the Carnegie Steel Com
pany for a fraction over $35 a ton,
while that we used in the California,
purchased from the same firm, cost
us over $55 a ton. This is an aston
ishing condition brought abput by a
tariff that permits of manipulation.
"Regarding the question of free
ships, I do not believe the American
shipowner can' prosper unless there is
prosperity in ship building. Unless
the ship yards are fostered they can
not exist and if they pass from ex
istence the great amount of repairing
that is daily employing an army of
mechanics could not be done. Re
pairing comes at uncertain times and
to do it properly there must always
be many men subject to immediate
call. These men will not be at hand
unless they are employed in con
struction work. During the idle pe
riods they would drift away.
"I doubt also that many of the
yards would be able to continue if the
matter of naval construction was also
transferred to the Government yards.
In fact, the navy yards are responsi
ble for many of the difficulties, that
confront us. The navy yards give
shorter hours, higher pay and the in
centive of a vacation to men and the
result is that when, they need men
they come to our yards.and take away
our best employes. . When the work
at the navy yards_ slackens these men
are turned out, 'only to again seek
employment of us. As they are good
men we take them back, .and it is the
fact that they know they can get back
that causes them to quit in the first
place. Activity again reaches the navy
yards and they quit again. .Our work
is set back and disorganization fol-i
lows, but this fails to affect the Gov
ernment officials.
"One instance I will recite. We had
some skilled mechanics working on
the gun ports of the battleship Ohio.
The officials of the navy yard at that
time needed some good men and they
came over and took ours away from
the gun ports. We got other men af
ter much difficulty and they were just
getting acquainted with their work
when the navy yard took them away.
Four times this occurred. t We could
only protest;, but our protest was v
without avail. All of this time we
were being penalized for delay.
At this point Senator Perkins, who
had been an interested spectator, rose
and after paying a high compliment to
Dickie requested that he explain more
fully j the methods by .which the navy
yard was taking men away from the
private yards, for, said Senator Per
kins, "the rule of the Government is
that, men in the navy yards shall not
be paid higher wages than is allowed
them in private yards. Dickie explained
that the commission that fixes the
wages paid by the Government, realiz
ing that it must hold out an incentive
to get the very best men, seizes upon
the sum paid some especially responsi
ble employe of the private yard and
uses that as a basis for fixing the wage.
Senator Perkins said he would look into
the affair. He said the same complaint
had come regarding Bremerton j Navy
Yard, and that if the rules of the de
partment were being violated such vio
lation must cease. -f ¦* ';_.'. '
Dickie advanced the opinion that in
order to expand the American merchant
marine Government aid of some kind
must be giveri^ not only to the ship
owner, but to the shipbuilder. He said
he realized that there was a wide dif
ference of opinion as to the shape the
aid should take, and there were many
diverging interests that . must be har
monized, but he was sure that with
continued study . a solution could be
reached. '--¦}¦''-''
When. Dickie concluded It was. past
noon and an adjournment was taken.
As the. guests of the Chamber of Com
merce, the members of the commission,
Senator Perkins, Mayor Schmitz and
other distinguished citizens enjoyed
luncheon at the Pacific-Union Club. In
addition- to -those -mentioned the', fol
lowing named were present at- the
luncheon: H. -T. Scott, Augustus . Tay
lor, R. P. Sch'werin, I. E. Thayer," C. H.
Markham, Charles H. Spear, A. Sbar
boro, A. A. Watkins, Frank J. Symmes,
N. P. Chipman, E. W. Newhall, Wil
liam M. Bunker, George A. Newhall,
James B. Smith, C. H. Bentley, Rufus
P. . Jennings, H. D. Loveland, William
R. Wheeler, James" Rolph; Jr., William
H. Marston, Frank E. Brown, Thomas
Rickard and E. Scott.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
George..W. Dickie of Union Iron Works Gives Hard^ Facts Re
garding Loss qf Millions by American Yards.
In a statement given out to-night oy
the packers it is asserted that there
v.as a considerable increase in to-day's
business over that of yesterday. The
total number of cattle killed to-day is
placed at S963, while 10,319 hogs and
5207 sheep were slaughtered.
The strikers to-night declared that
the strike from now on would be
All day long hundreds of depositors
Blood in line to withdraw their small
deposits. When closing time came this
afternoon ' a thousand persons were
waiting for their money.
The bank, determined to meet th»
emergency, called in extra tellers and
the place was kept open until every
depositor who presented himself had
been satisfied. The paying windows*
" v. ere closed after 8 o'clock to-night.
Nearly two hours before that time the
last man in line had been paid his de-,
posit in full.
¦t It is estimated that more than 3000
depositors called and withdrew their
.deposits during the day. When the run
• was at its height the bank withdrew
$100,000 of its deposit with the Commer
cial'National Bank and a like amount
from the First National Bank in order
to prevent any possibility of the bank
being unable to meet its obligations
promptly.
The Teamsters' Union, the members
of which are on strike, has $2000 on de
posit in the bank, but no effort wa3
made to withdraw this money to-day,,
the secretary of the union declaring
that the money would remain where it
Mas, as the bank was as solid as a
- rock.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5.— The strike in the
X acking-houses had a counter attrac
tion to-day in the excitement attending
a run on the Drovers' Trust and Sav
ings Bank, which Is in the stockyards.
The rush of the depositors to the bank
it^ried farly because of an unfounded
mmor that one of the packers' repre
sentatives had withdrawn his money
Horn the institution and reports thut
the bank was used by the packing com
panies as an adjunct in paying em
ployes who had taken the places of th3
strikers.
At 6 o'clock the labors of the commis
sion ended and Senator Gallinger
spoke as follows:
"In behalf of the commission, I de
sire to express our thanks. I feel I am
safe in saying that no court that we
have^held has been so well attended
nor have such strong arguments been
presented to us as here in San Fran
cisco. We wish to thank Mr. Newhall
and his associates of the Chamber of
Commerce for their courtesy in extend
ing to us the, use of this fine room; also
to President Rolf and President Bab
cock and their associates and to Mr.
Schwerin, for courtesies that we shall
never forget. Nor do v.e forget that
class\of people, those who —a advance
to a great degree our work, or who can
hinder its progress. We wish to" thank
the proprietors and representatives of
the papers of San- Francisco, who have
been diligent followers of the hearing
and have given great space to the argu
ments."
The members of the commission will
leave for their homes in a few days.
To-night they will take a well-earned
rest and Ao-morrow will visit Mount
Tamalpaivas the' guests of Captain I. E.
Thayer. A subcommittee will visit the
South Atlantic and Gulf ports in No
vember, and about the 25th of that
month the entire commission will meet
and formulate its report. This report
will be, before Congress by the first
Monday In December, - aa required by
law. ¦' - ¦
Whereas, The past creation of forest re
serves ¦ ha3 often . been ill-advised and far
reaching and the administration thereof as
concerns the grazing Interests has been faulty
even « to injustice, and, believing that the
Department of the Interior Is not fully equipped
to study and handle the forest reserve ques
tion; and.
Whereas, Feeling that th« present grazing
system has been built up through a term of
many years, consuming the life work of the
western pioneers and of ; the younger genera
-tlon, entailing untold hardship and even sac
rifice of life, and believing that such sturdy
efforts entitle the great majority of the present
occupants of the range to no uncertain voice
in the initiation of any legislation that may
affect their Interests; therefore, be it
Resolved. That v/e favor the passage of a
law' which will authorize the Secretary of
Agriculture to thoroughly classify the vacant
lands of the United States and determine the
conditions at present governing the- use of the
grazing areas and to ascertain those sections
of the range area,' If there be any, to which
a lease system can be satisfactorily applied;
and be it further
Resolved. That the power to create and
administer forest reserves shall be vested in
the Department of Agriculture, which is
specially organized and equipped for this pur
pose; and be it further
Resolved, That we favor Government con
trol of and Jurisdiction over all public graz
ing areas, by or through the Department of
Agriculture; local questions belns decided on
local grounds and under regulations made to
meet local conditions; that the range rights
of present users of the grazing area as de
termined by priority of occupancy and present
use shall be carefully safeguarded, and that
no sudden or stringent upheaval of existing
conditions which would cause commercial dis
tress shall be made; on the other hand, such
legislation must be gradual In Its effect and
leases granted only where locally satisfactory
as determined by the proper authority.
to combat the statements of Congress
man Llvernash in regard to Chinese
on the ocean steamers. After one or
two efforts to concentrate his ideas he
was prevailed upon to sit down and
subsequently left the room.
A. D. Porter of the Boilermakers' and
Shipbuilders' Union said that the
scarcity of home work on foreign ships
was because the owners were over
charged for all repairs > at American
yards. He said that a vessel could be
docked at Victoria for half the money
required here and that notwithstanding
this fact the wages of the men were
higher in Victoria,
/'A. P. Lorentzen, local representative
of the Victoria Drydock Company, said
this was not so. He then furnished
cause for merriment by describing the
actions of various Government officials
when inspecting his vessel and the de
mands made by some of them. He
said that the pilots secured their po
sitions by influence, and not by com
petitive examination, and that many
ships' masters were more capable of
bringing their vessels into port than
were the harbor pilots. On being told
that this was a State matter, Mr.
Lorentzen suggested that the Govern
ment take the pilot service in charge.
He related that .one of his ships went
to Seattle with nothing but ballast in
the hold and the United States in
spector taxed him $1 a ton on that. He
brought the matter into the courts and
a Seattle Judge decided in his favor.
The Government then appealed the
case direct to the Supreme Court of the
United States. The officials made the
claim that the levying of taxes on
hundreds of other ships was at stake.
Others before the commission were
Joseph R. Oldham, Lionel Heynemann
of the Fulton Jron Works and William
J. Woodside.
DENVER, Aug. 5.— The Western
Stock Growers, who have been confer
ring here for three days with the spe
cial land commission . appointed by
President Roosevelt, finally adjourned
this evening without taking any action
with reference to the strike at the
packing-house centers. A resolution
was adopted with practical unanimity
urging upon Congress "the necessity
of the transfer at the earliest possible
date of the management of the forest
reserves to the Department of Agri
culture, where not only the forests, but
all the interests involved, may be prop
erly studied and protected."
The discussion of the resolutions con
cerning grazing lands' was animated,
there being a strong sentiment in favor
of amending those reported by the
committee so as to urge, the passage
of a strict leasing law for arid lands of
all. States and Territories. As reported
and as finally adopted the resolutions
are as follows:
Whereas. After full discussion In open con
vention, the fact has developed that conditions
over the vast area included in the grazing
districts of the West are so varied and con
flicting that much time must of necessity be
consumed in the classification of- the public
grazing area, as well as the determination of
range customs and usages In diCerent dis
tricts; ¦ and.
All this took olace while the patient
was unconscious, and as the picture be
came distinct enough for every one in
the ward to see he began to revive.
Soon he was able to sit up in bed, and
by the aid of two mirrors and candles
he was able to the picture on his
back. As soon as he recognized what
it was he fell back upon his pillow,
crying. He declared It was a miracle
that he could not understand. :
MORRISTOWN, N. J., Aug. 5.—Dur
ing a jheavy shower this afternoon
Theodore Armstrong of Mount Kemble
avenue after a heavy clap of thunder
ran to his front window and saw a man
lying face downward across the side
walk, with his coat torn from the right
shoulder down to within a few Inches
of the bottom. Armstrong notified All
Souls' Hospital, and when Dr. Griswold
arrived he found the inan unconscious,
with large streaks all over his back.
He was taken to the hospital.
The streaks on the man's back began
to assume the form of a cross, and as
the sisters and the doctors watched the
marvelous transformation the figure
began to grow more distinct, and, soon
the image of Christ nailed to the cross
appeared. The nails in the hands and
feet were there as plainly as if they
had been Dainted. The wtound in the
side could be seen, and upon the head
of Christ appeared a crown of thorns as
distinctly as upon the large crucifix
which hangs directly over the young
man's bed.
Surrounding the cross are streaks
which remind one of lightning striking
In every direction. The cross extends
down the spinal column sixteen inches,
and could not have been placed in (he
center better by artificial means. The
crosspiece to which the figure hangs
extends from one shoulder blade to the
ether. At the foot of the cross are two
large scars, which take the appearance
of rocks.
As the rricture became plainer the
news was spread about the hospital,
and sisters flocked to the bedside to
see what they called a miracle. Dr. J.
B. Grlswald, who attended the man,
said he had never seen such a trans
formation in his many years of prac
tice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hundreds Withdraw Funds
From Financial Concern
Because of Baseless Report
Quits His High Post-Unex
pectedly and Former As
sociates Express Regret
Cattle Raisers Urge Passage
of a Bill Which Will
Protect the Grazing Lands
ALARM OF DEPOSITORS,
ANIMATED DISCUSSION
NOW PRIVATE CITIZEN
Sisters of Charity and Hos
pital Physicians -Marvel
at Strange Transformation
EACH DETAIL COMPLETE
Butchers' Strike Has Count
er Attraction in the Stock
yards District of Chicago
Adopt Resolutions Asking
Congress to Transfer Con
trol of Forest Reserves
Leaves Upon Stricken Plan's
Back Imprint of the
Scene of the Crucifixion
Democratic Nominee for
the Presidency Resigns
From the New York Bench
STOCKMEN WANT
CHANGE IN LAW
LIGHTNING BOLT
WORKS MIRACLE
RUMOR STARTS
RUN UPON BANK
PARKER DOFFS
JURIST'S ROBE .
CONDITIONS THAT HANDICAP BUILDERS OF SHIPS CONSTITUTE A STARTLING STORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, SATURDAY,^ AUGUST 6 ; 1904.
{ f-T"HERE are three conditions that interfere with builders of ships in the United States—
I design, labor and material. The great element to be contended with by those that wish to i
compete with foreign yards is" the cost of labor. After giving the subject much", study, I
have determined that the cost of labor is 55 per cent of the vessel's worth. In America the .
wages are 87^ per cent greater than in England, and here material is more expensive. Whether
or not we will ever be able to compete with these conditions, 1 am not prepared to say." — Ex
cerpt from statement of George W.Dickie.
"I do not attempt to point out what may be considered an infallible remedy, but I will
sav that, in my opinion, you will never find a remedy without the co-pperation of practical ship
ping men. I don't believe any cold-blooded bill can be framed that will relieve the situation; _
but I do believe that great aid could be given by a progressive, not digressive, subsidy. Cap
ital must be encouraged, and shipyards as well as shipowners protected and aided."— Excerpt
CAUSE OF EVIL — REMEDY PROPOSED
STEERAGE RATES AGAIN
REDUCED TO TEX DOLLARS
2
NOTE THE CONTRIBUTORS
Here Are the Attractions
for Readers of Next*
SUNDAY'S
P A I I
Dr. Xavier,
First installment of MAX
PEMBERTON'S well - known
novel.
Mr. Doofey,
On the Duties of a Vice-Pres-
ident. By FINLEY PETER
DUNNE.
Waiters I Have Known,
By JEROME K. JEROME.
Billy's Tenderfoot,
By STEWART EDWARD
WHITE.
The Chorus Girl as She Is,
By the Famous COLONEL
KATE. . <s
Fables for the Foolish,
By NICHOLAS NEMO.
The Secrets of Home Candy
Making,
Illustrated by Photos at Mas-
key's Factory.
Talks on Physic Law,
By MARIE CORELLL
What Women Want to Know,
By MADGE MOORE. <;
Uncle Luther Dowell's Wooden
Leg,
' By RAY STANNARD BAKER.
Rafo,
By FRANK H. SWEET.
A New Climax, \
By HUBERT McBEAN JOHN-
STON.
Her Last Call,
By KEITH GORDON.
A Review of Some New Books,
By ROBERT W. RITCHIE.
The Call's Critic,
A Full Page Profile Photograph,
Posed by Gladys Ure. '[
Simplicity. '
One of BRYSON'S Swellest
Creations Given FREE with
This Issue of The Sunday Call.
The Call Magazine
Is the Most Handsomely Illustrat-
ed Sunday Magazine in the United
States.
Sold Everywhere on the Pacific
Coast, 5c a Copy.
Order Early as the Demand Is
Great and the Supply for- Next
Sunday is Limited to 90,000 Copies.
No More Will Be Issued. '
WANT ! ADVERTISERS IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
WILL RECEIVE FREE
A copy of the beautiful picture,
"HOTHOUSE TREASURES,"
Size 36x10 Inches, on heavy
plate paper.
This picture shows a yard of
freshly culled roses in their
wonderful variety, falling In
rich profusion from a bowl.
Bcnntiful Jacqueminots, stately
American Beauties, rich 3Iare-
chal Nells nnd others form a
floral picture that will strongly
appeal to all lovers of nature
and art. The exquisite coloring
of these flowers Is followed In
detail and the picture itIII'dc a
valuable ornament to any home.
BRING YOUR ADS TO-DAY.Patience is the perfume of crushed
iovs.
Legislation cannot take the place of
love.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 5. — A spe
cial disoatch to the Bourse Gazette
from Liaoyang says: "According to
Chinese reports the Japanese landed
5000 men at the port of Newchwang
on July 31 and the former disem
barkation of troops is proceeding:."
Japan Landing Fresh Army.
BESIEGERS ARE LEGION.
Men "Before Port Arthur.
Japan Has One Hundred Thousand
TIENTSIN. Aug. 5. — Hoavy and
continuous firing was heard yesterday
at Peitasho from the direction of Port
Arthur.
There are persistent rumors here
from Japanese sources that the fall
of Port Arthur will occur within a
week, but military experts are of the
opinion that a month will elapse be
fore the Japanese make their final
assault. It is estimated that' there
are 100,000 Japanese , troops before
Port Arthur.
*- Lr - -*
. LONDON. Aug. 5.— The Times asserts
that the captain of the Peninsular and
Oriental steamship Malacca, captured
by the volunteer fleet steamer St.
Petersburg in the Red Sea and subse
quently released at Algiers, was offered
a bribe of 510,000 to admit that he had
contrabrand of war on board, and that
the Russian officers also declared that
any dry and unsweetened biscuits con
stituted contrabrand.
Says Russians Offered a Bribe.
SEOUL. Wednesday, via Chef u, Aug.
5.— Reinforcements for the local
Japanese garrison have arrived daily
for the oast week until a total of 5000
men has been reached. They have
twelve field guns. The Japanese still
maintain semi-martial law throughout
Seoul, fearing that beneath a peaceful
exterior the natives still harbor the
anti-Japanese feeling which the Japan
ese demands on • the Korean Govern
ment greatly aroused.
It is reliably stated that Japanese
Minister HayashI has received in
structions from Tokio to accomplish
these Important measures: First, a
reduction of the Korean standing
army; second, reorganization of the
monetary system on an equality with
the Japanese; third, to obtain control
of Korea's foreign relations.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1004, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Japan Increases Her Garrison in Her
. mit Kingdom Capital.
CURBING KOREAN DISCONTENT.
MONTEREY, Aug. 5.— Sergeant Sim
mons of Company E, Fifteenth Infan
try/ killed himself Jn his quarters at
Ord Barracks early this morning by
using his rifle. Domestic troubles are
said to have been the cause.
Sergeant Shoots Himself.
IRKUTSK, Siberia, Aug. 5. — Trains
filled with wounded men are arriv
ing daily from the front, many of
them proceeding to European Rus
sia and others remaining here. Two
Red Cross hospitals' have been opened
here and one private hospital has been
established by the wife of Governor
Mollerius. The prices of food have
doubled recently.
Two Red Cross Hospitals Have Been
Opened at Irkutsk.
WOUNDED MEN CROWD TRAINS.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 5.— It is
announced' here that Russia has noti
fied the Porte of the impending pass
age through the Dardanelles of some
volunteer fleet steamships laden with
coal. Russia, It is said, has given
assurance that the vessels will pre
serve the character of merchantmen
throughout the voyage.
Volunteer Vessels Will Not Be Trans
formed Into War Craft.
SHIPS TO LEAVE BLACK SEA.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 5.— Advices re
ceived at the local Santa Fe headquar
ters from General Superintendent Shep
herd of the western division, who is
in charge of the repair work of the
company's roadbed destroyed by recent
floods in Arizona, states that the tem
porary work will be sufficiently con
cluded by to-night to allow the passage
of trains. In the meantime traffic both
east and west is practically suspended,
the westbound trains being held at
Kingman and the eastbound at San
Bernardino. It is expected that trains
will be delayed about twelve hours.
Temporary Repairs Are About Com
plete and Weather Outlook
Is Brisht.
TRAINS WILL SOON BE
MOVING IN ARIZONA
LIVES THOUGH BULLET
PASSED THROUGH BRAIN
Would -Be Suicide Who Lost Part of
Gray Matter Ready for Dis-
charge From Hospital.
NEWARK, N. J., Aug. 5.— Almost
recovered from a bullet wound
through the brain, Frederick Beck,
who tried to kill himself on July 11,
will be discharged from the City Hos
pital in a few days. The bullet en
tered the right temple, and, passing
through the brain, was found just un
der the skin an inch and a half below
the left temple. When the bullet was
taken out part of the brain fol
lowed it.
Almost as remarkable as Beck's re
covery is the fact that none of his
senses nor intellectual capacity has
been affected in the slightest degree.
He is as sound as ever, except for a
little weakness.
SLAY CHINESE WHEN
A FAVOR IS DENIED
Marysville Interpreter Is Killed by
His Countrymen on a Street
of Sacramento.
. SACRAMENTO. Aug. 5.— Len Loy, a
Chinese interpreter, who came here
from Marysville, was stabbed about 1
o'clock this morning by one of three
Chinese who stopped him on the street
in Chinatown. They wanted him to do
them some favor, which he declined to
do, when one of them drew a dirk knife
and stabbed him twice, once in the ab
domen and once in the back. He died
at 7 o'clock this morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 5.— The fol
lowing note has been received at a
hotel where H. D. Brunson, an agent
for a Western mining enterprise, has
been a guest for several weeks:
"Please send my bill to Butterfleld,
Los Angeles, Cal.. No. 306-307 Bryson
block. When directed please dispose
of my belongings as they request.
When this reaches you I shall be gone
forever. Life for "me is too hard to
bear. Sincerely,
"H. D. BRUNSON."
The receipt of the note caused alarm
on account of the man's absence and
his effects were examined and a box
of cartridges with one cartridge miss-
Ing was found. Brunson is said to
have had a revolver. The manager of
the hotel says Brunson was worried
because of failure to receive replies to
telegrams sent to Mexico City.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 6.— H. D.
Brunson, who is missing from the
Hotel Spencer at Indianapolis, under
circumstances that indicate that he
had committed suicide, formerly re
sided at Hollywood, a suburb of Los
Angeles. Sev*eral acquaintances of
Brunson stated to-night that he was
formerly employed as a clerk by the
Hollywood Lumber Company, but that
ho resigned during the winter and
went to Mexico, where he organized
and attempted to float a lumber com
pany. He had married a daughter of
Mrs. Catherine Butterfield and they
resided in Hollywood until recently,
when he went East and Mrs. Butter
field fame to Los Angeles with her
daughter to live.
Brunson is said to have lost every
thing he possessed in the Mexican
lumber deal and though it was known
that he was despondent it is not be
lieved that he has taken his life.
TORRENTS CAUSE DAMAGE
IN AN ARIZONA TOWN
Rushing Waters Sweep Away Much
Property, but Xo Lives
Arc Lost.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Aug. 5.— A special
from Douglass says that Bisbee was
this afternoon visited by the biggest
flood in its history. So far as known
there was no loss of life, though many
were caught in the torrents that rushed
down the Tombstone Canyon. Horses,
wagons, mules aqd small buildings
were washed down stream. A subway
tunnel designed to carry away the flood
waters in the Tombstone Canyon was
recently completed and it served its
purpose well, for without it the flood in
the streets above would have caused
great loss of life.
STABS HIMSELF WHEN
. -! THE JAIL DOORS OPEN
Laborer Ends His Life When He Is
Sentenced for Disturbing
the Peace.
• SAN PEDRO. Aug. 5.— Shortly after
being locked up in the City Jail to
serve a sentence of ten days for dis
turbing the peace James Cowan, a la
borer on the Government breakwater
construction hero, drew a knife from
his pocket and plunged it into his
. -breast, dying half an hour later. Cowan
had been drinking and was despondent.
Henry Critchell Dies Suddenly.
Henry Critchcll, 78 years of age,
died suddenly at 4:45 this morning at
his residence. 1309 Hayes street
Heart disease was the cause of death
* — • L
BRAKEMAN ON SIERRA
RAILWAY IS KILLED
Man's Read Strikes Iron Pii>e Which
Crosses Track and His Neck
Is Broken.
SONORA, Aug. 5.— John Fehrman, a
brakeman on the Sierra Railroad, was
killed near the depot in this city to
day. He was standing upon a box car
as the train was passing rapidly
through an open cut, across which a
pipe line extended. Fehrman's head
was brought In contact with the iron
pipe and his neck was broken. Fehr
man was a German. 30 years of age.
A self-made man seldom mixes mod
esty with the material used in his con
struction. *
MISSIONARY COMPLETES
f-U. A REMARKABLE JOURNEY
Reaches Fair After Traveling 26,000
Miles With Eight Strange
Companions.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 5. — One of the
most remarkable trips in connection,
with the exploitation of the World's
Fair was completed to-day when the
Rev. S, P. Verner, the Presbyterian
missionary, who brought eight pigmies
out of the African jungles, arrived in
St. Louis. Hfs journey included 26,000
miles, 800 of which' was traversed on
foot through the wilds and deserts of
Central Africa. The trip lasted eight
jnonths. -.'.•:-• tw|
HAICHENG. Tuesday, Aug. 2. — The
Russians have been obliged to retire
from here, as the Japanese were work
ing around them from the east,
threatening to cut them off from Liao
yang. The fresh Japanese troops dis
embarked at the port of Newchwang
are also advancing on the other flank.
The main concentration of the Rus
sians is now about Liaoyang. The
Japanese form a semi-circle of about
fifty miles around the Russian posi
tions.
Russian Retirement Due to the Jap
anese Flanking Movement.
RETREAT FROM HAICIIENG.
Western 3Iinin^ 3Ian Hints
at Suicide in Letter Writ
ten to Hotel Proprietor
It was some time afterward that he
was found, and the loss of so much
blood and the shock so weakened him
that he died at about 3 o'clock this aft
ernoon. He leaves a wife and two chil
dren, one a daughter who resides in
Los Angeles. The body will be shipped
East Sunday.
TULARE. Aug. 5.— T. B. Mahan, a
well-to-do farmer residing about four
miles east of Tulare, accidentally shot
and killed himself about noon to-day.
Mahan, who was out hunting, started
to climb over a fence. He slipped, and
the shotgun which he was carrying
was discharged, the full load entering
his left arm at the elbow.
In Climbing Fence With Gun in Hantl
T. B. .Ma han Is Fatally
Shot.
FARMER OF TULARE IS
KILLED ACCIDENTALLY
AGENT'S NOTE
AROUSES FEAR
The bill was then passed in the pres
ence of full ministerial benches, six
members of the opposition and a few
Irish members.
but on division the opposition members,
raising a storm of uproarious protest,
refused to record their votes and the
chairman of the committee named a
number of members to the Speaker.
After a heated discussion, amid re
newed uproar and cries of "Shame!"
almost the entire opposition, led by
Asquith and Herbert Gladstone and Sir
Charles Dilke, left the house as a pro
test against the closure.
LEADERS OF THE OPPOSITION FORCES IN PARLIAMENT WHO WALKED I
OUT OF THE CHAMBER AS A PROTEST AGAINST PREMIER BALFOCR'S
APPLICATION OF THE CLOSURE. imitn mwulks |
"Doubtless the purpose of the Floro
dora Company in establishing the sys
.tefn of competition for prizes detailed
in the advertisement was to increase
the sale of its various 1 brands of cigars.
For that purpose it was Justified in
using any innocent or legal means to
attract customers and even the Legis
lature could not, under the guise of
enacting a police regulation, interfere
v.ith itp liberty. But the prohibition
and regulations of gambling in all
1:>rms and lottery of every description
•l.re unquestionably valid exercises of
legislative power, and if the scheme
established by the advertiser was in
effect a lottery the fact that the dom
inant purpose was merely to Increase
the advertiser's business does not save
it from condemnation."
His conclusion is that the contest was
a lottery.
ALBANY, Aug. 5.— The Court of Ap
peals to-day decided that Ismars El
lison, publisher of the United States
-Tobacco Journal, violated the anti
lottery section of the penal code of New
York in publishing in his journal an
advertisement inviting competition in
a contest to determine the amount of
revenue tax paid on certain brands of
cigars for cash prizes. The court in
this decision reverses the Appellate Di
vision, first department, which af
firmed an order of the special term
ciischarping the relator from custody.
The opinion of the Court of Appeals is
.written by Judge Cullen. who, after
'Betting f'jrth the fact of the advertise
ment, whii h was published by the
Florodora Company, pays:
Judge Decides Publisher
Who Advertised the Com
petition Violated the Law
The refugees declare that the 12
inch Runs on board the warships have
no difficulty in reaching Wolfs Moun
tain, while the Japanese return fire
falls short of the city.
The refugees say that the 12-inch
shell which hit the Japanese gun on
Wolf's Mountain was not fired from
the battleship Retvizan, but from a
gun mounted on Peripiolkaga Hill.
The shell struck a magazine and
created havoc. «
On July 31 a steamship entered
Port Arthur from Newchwang carry
ing artillery as well as 65,000 shells
of various sizes.
CHEFU, Aug. 5. — Exhaustive inter
views with refugees from Port Arthur
who arrived here to-day elicited noth
ing materially changing previous
stories of the general situation. While
the guns of the fortress were em
ployed during the three days' fighting
the fortress itself was not attacked di
rectly.
Newchwang's Artillery Reinforces the
Cannon of the Garrison.
GUNS FOR PORT ARTHUR.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 5.— Governor
Pardee this afternoon announced the
appointment of the follow ing doctors to
attend the International Congress of
Tuberculosis, which will be held within
the exposition grounds at St. Louis on
October 3: Dr. N. K. Foster, Dr. W. A.
Brigga and Dr. Edward Twitchell of
Sacramento: Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr.,
Dr. Philip K; Brown. Dr. C..N..Ellinr
wood. Dr. William Watt Kerr. Dr. A.
A. d'Ancona and Dr. D. A. Hodghead
of San Francisco; Dr. F. M. Pottenger
and Dr. H. Bert Ellis of Los Angeles,
Dr. C. C. Browning of Highlands, Dr.
Cornelius Van Zwalenberg of River
side, Dr. Fred R. Burnham of San
Diego, Dr. Chester H. Rowell of Fres
no, Dr. C. W. Nutting of Etna and Dr.
Frank L. Adams of Oakland.
to Go to Tuberculosis Conven
tion nt St. Louis.
Governor Pardee Appoints Physicians
DOCTOKS WILL ATTEND
INTERNATIONAL CONGRESS
PRIZE CONTEST
IS A LOTTERY
has Issued instructions to naval com
manders not to sink neutral merchant
men with contraband on board in the
future, except in cases of dire neces
sity, but In cases of emergency to haul
prizes into neutral ports. .Her "dire
necessity" may be regarded as a
reservation of a right which Russia
does not formally relinquish, but which
it Is safe to say will not again be ex
ercised during the present war.
Much interest is manifested In Gov
ernment and diplomatic circles regard
ing the dispatches from the United
States, which report that the Wash
ington Government is sounding the
powers as to their position concerning
neutral commerce. This action of the
United States Government is Inter
preted as an indisposition to act hastily
and as indicating no desire to precipi
tate an unnecessary issue with Russia.
The attitude of the United States Gov
ernment is gratifying to the Russian
authorities.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 6. — There
will be no repetition of the Knight
Commander and Thea incidents. Russia
VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 5.— a spe
cial cable announces that the Calgary
and Edmonton Railway Company, a
branch of the Canadian Pacific Com
pany, has won its appeal before the
Privy Council in the suit with the
crown over the right to sell all miner
als except gold and silver in the grant
of lands to the company by the Do
minion Government in May, 1900. The
contention of the Government was that
nothing had been said of minerals, and
they therefore come under the general
regulations and were reserved to the
crown. This view was taken by the
Supreme Court of Canada, but was up
set by the Privy Council decision to
day.
Canadian Line Is Given Decision in
, Suit 'involving Right to. Use
.Mineral I.nml.
RAILWAY WINS FIGHT
AGAINST GOVERNMENT
Special Dispatch to Ths Can.
PARIS, Aug. 5. — Zillacus. the well
known Finnish exile and revolutionist,
who is now in this city, corroborates
the report that a secret revolutionary
congress took place at Evian-Les-Balns
just before the assassination of Von
Plehwe. He denies, however, that the
assassin belonged to the organization
which met there.
Zillacus says that the majority who
were present were Russians, but there
were also a number of Finns.
Measures were taken to insure tho
rapid distribution of revolutionary
literature and weapons in Finland and
Russia as soon as Port Arthur falls, or
some other decisive Russian disaster
occurs. This accounts for the presence
in Switzerland of numbers of revolu
tionists, whose arrival has puzzled ths
police.
Zillacus laughs at the Idea that the
police can prevent the consummation
of the revolutionary plan when once
a Russian catastrophe has opened the
eyes of the Finns.
FOUR THOUSAND SLAYS FALI*
Official Statement of Losses In the
Fighting Near Haicheng.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 5.— Detailed
reports reaching the War Office from
General Kuropatkin's generals show
that the Russian losses on July 30. July
31 and August 1 did not exceed 4000.
The Japanese are believed to have lost
at least an equal number.
The greatest number of casualties
was sustained by General Herschel
mann, who with the Ninth European
division, held Kuchiatzu and Tushu
passes on the Slamatsza road. The
fighting there was of the most desper
ate and bloody character. One regi
ment lost 25 per cent, or 800 men, be
fore it withdrew toward Anplng.
Another point where stubborn resist
ance was made was at Nanga Pass, a
position between Simoucheng and Hai
cheng, which was held by General Zas
sulitch, wh» had been placed in com
mand of a newly formed corps, includ
ing the Thirty-first division belonging
to the Tenth European Corps and two
Siberian battalions, altogether 18,000
men. General Zassulitch's misfortune
at the Yalu River was duplicated, ow
ing to the superiority of the Japanese
artillery. He. was making a splendid
fight until he suddenly discovered that
the Japanese gunners were enfilading
his batteries. It appears that General
Zassulitch in this case was not' to
blame. The information that General
Yaronbiarff had. received orders to re
tire had not yet reached him be
fore orders for the withdrawal of the
Russian support of the right, and con
sequently he allowed the Japanese to
take up a new position, suddenly un
mask batteries and overwhelm the
Russian gunners, who made desperate
efforts to remove their pieces, but were
compelled to leave six of them behind.
BURYING RUSSIAN DEAD.
Japanese Find Seven Hundred Bodies
on Simouchens Battle Ground.
TOKIO, Aug. 5. — It is now estimated
that the Russians lost 2000 men in
the fighting at Simoucheng. The
Japanese Sanitary Corps recover^*
and buried 700 bodies in th'e valleys
through which the Russians fought
and retreated. Prisoners and Chinese
report that many of the Russian dead
and wounded were removed by the
Russians themselves. The Japanese
captured six guns. 57 0 shells, a quan
tity of stores and thirty-three prison
ers. A detachment of the Russian
Medical Corps, which was captured
by the Japanese, was returned to the
Russian lines. The Japanese casual
ties at Simoucheng totaled 860 men.
including eight officers killed and
twenty-four officers wounded." H M
CHEFU, Aug. 5. — Thirty more refu
gees arrived to-day on junks from
Port Arthur, which place they left on
August 1. The departure of all civil
ians from Port Arthur is said to bo
owing to the exhaustive preparations
for a final stand against the Japanese.
* . fr
Russian Admirals Are
Ordered Not to Sink
Prize Ships.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 5. — That
some of the insurance written on parts
of the cargo of the China liner Arabia
may not be paid without a fight on the
part of the companies issuing poli
cies, or will not be paid at all, seems
probable as a result of developments
to-day. It is learned that policies
were written on freight the day fol
lowing the capture of the steamship.
This is no reflection upon the shippers,
but may afford grounds for a refusal
to pay the policies.
The Arabia was seized on Friday,
July 22, and late on that day cable
advices were received in this city re
porting rumors that the Russian
Vladivostok squadron had captured
the vessel. On the strength of these
rumors certain portions of her cargo
which had not been insured at the
time of her departure from this port
were covered by war risks. The vessel
having actually been seized at the time
the war risks were taken out, the in
surance companies do not feel obligated
to pay the risks and will fight the case
in the courts.
Policies Written on Arabia's Cargo
After the Ship Ware Seized.
INSURANCE MAY NOT BE PAID.
The number of sunstrokes wag great.
To add still further to the misery of
the men, the water in their canteens
soon became exhausted and the springs
were nearly all dried up by the torrid
heat. Surgeon Kerenitvlch said it was
actually so hot that some of his men
burned their hands on the brass but
tons and buckles of the soldiers as
they undressed the ' wounded. Only
when night fell did the troops get any
relief. The wounded were loaded into
Red Cross cars which had been
especially arranged for this purpose at
Haichenc.
The correspondent mentions that the
One Hundred and Thirty-seventh Regi
ment, belonging to the Thirty-first Di
vision of the Seventeenth Army Corps,
was engaged Jn this fight. This is the
first definite information that any of
the troops of the Seventeenth Army
Corps were on the firing lfne.
In addition to the terrific heat of the
day and of the battle the correspond
ent says that the Russian soldiers suf
fered dreadfully because they were
obliged to carry their heavy overcoats
and equipments. '"
Some of the infantry had to cut their
way out at enormous sacrifice. . One
company lost all its officers and most
of its men. ." . v-
The Japanese swarmed into the Bar
naols* trenches, coming so close that
the Russians actually wrenched the
guns from their hands, clubbing the
Japanese with their own rifles.
The correspondent could detect the
movements of the enemy thiough the
fit-Id hy the small clouds of dust which
were raise..! when the crisis came, as
the Japanese batteries enfiladed the
Ttiissian gunners. Then the older was
given to retire, and Major General
Mistchenko's cavalry, a brigade of ar
tillery and the Barnaol regiment cov
ered the retreat.
From an eminence on which he stood
the correspondent could see down to
the westward plantations of waving
kaolin, the crown of which was so high
that squadrons of Japanese cavalry
wended thtir '.\ay within a quarter of
a mile of ths Russian cavalry, neither
Fidfe suspecting the proximity of the
other.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 6.— A Rus
sian correspondent of the Associated
Press, describing the general Japanese
advance of last Sunday east of Liao
yang, says that one of the Japanese
columns, taking advantage of the com
plicated network of mountain paths
and deep gorges, actually crept around
the rear of the Russian position before
being discovered.
He explains this by saying that the
topography of the country is so com
plicated and seamed with ravines that
two hostile armies might be within the
space of a half-mile without suspecting
each other's presence.
In describing the fightinp; around
Simouchcnc the correspondent paints a
picture of soldiers fighting all day long
in the stifling dust and the torrid htat.
BERLIN, Aug. 5.— The National
Zeitung prints a private telegram from
Tokio, dated August 5, In which it is
said that there are five Japanese divi
sions before Port Arthur, part of them
within three and a half miles of the
fortress, and that there are altogether
twenty divisions in Manchuria.
The telegram says that Tokio is ex
pecting the fall of Port Arthur and the
capitulation of General Kuropatkin on
the same day.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 5.— What is
said to be the finest and largest special
train ever sent on a transcontinental
journey will arrive here next Wednes
day morning en route to* San Fran
cisco bearing 287 Knights Templar
from Plttsburg on their way to the
twenty-ninth Triennial Conclave, which
is to be held in the California metrop
olis early in September.
The train will consist of six large
Pullman sleeper?, four compartments
in each car, a sixty-foot baggage car
and a sixty-eight-foot commissary car
built especially for the Knights on
their trip. The train will come over
the Northern lines and will return by
way of Los Angeles and the South. The
party will include some of the most
prominent men of Pennsylvania.
LONDON", Aug. 6. — The Daily Illus
trated Mirror says that two Russian
cruisers have just left the Baltic Sea
and are chasing a steamship which
left England on July 30 for Canada,
carrying ammunition t for Yokohama,
by way of the Canadian Pacific Rail
way.
Plan for Revolt Perfected
at Congress of Revo
lutionists.
Delegation Will Come Over
the Northern Route and
Return by Southern Line
Expects Kuropatkin'sSur
render and Port Ar
thur's Fall Same Day.
LONDON, Auar. 5. — There was an ex
traordinary scene in the House of Com
mons to-day during the discussion in
committee stage of a bill designed to
frustrate the devices of the Welsh
County Councils, which are endeavor-
Ing to refuse to carry out the education
act.
Premier Balfour moved the closure.
MEN ARE DISTINGUISHED
MUKDEN, Aug. 5. — It is reported
that the Japanese attacked the Rus
sian position at Anshanshan, midway
between llalcheng and LJaoyang, on
August 2 and were repulsed with
heavy losses. The Russian casualties
are not known.
WAR BULLETINS
Port Arthur's Capture to
Be Signal for Rising
in Finland.
With Cries of "Shame!" the Minority Members of the House of Commons,
Led by Asquith, Gladstone and Dilke, Walk Out of Chamber in a Body
as a Protest Against the Premier's Course in Shutting Off Debate
Mikado Has Twenty Full
Army Divisions Now
in Manchuria.
Magnificent Special Train
Will Carry Templars to
the Triennial Conclave
BALFOUR ENRAGES THE OPPOSITION
BY APPLICATION OF CLOSURE RULE
KNIGHTS COME
WEST IN STYLE
RUSSIAN FORCES REPEL AN ATTACK
BY THE JAPANESE NEAR LIAOYANG
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', SATURDAY, AUGUST G, 1004.
3
"BILLY'S TENDERFOOT."
A clever short story by
STEWART EDWARD WHITE,
In
TnE CALL NEXT SUNDAY.
• ¦ , > ¦¦ .¦ ¦' - ; '
JEROME K. JEROME.
"Walters I Have Known."
See this interesting article in
THE SUNDAY CALL.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
A RACE FOR UFE.
Spurring his jaded horse to renewed
efforts when the animal should be refreshed
with proper food and rest, ia about as sen-
sible as prescribing nerve tonics, alcoholic
compounds, coca mixtures and cocktails
which only spur on the already weakened
nervous system. Neither does it do to put .
the nerves to sleep with narcotics. When
you feel worn-out, broken down, jaded, and
feel the effects of brain tire as well as nerve
weakness, sleeple3sttess and fatigue, take
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, a
tonic which will do you lasting: good, build
you up, increase your appetite and strength
and improve the condition of the blood.
When the blood is impoverished the nerves
feel the effect. Nervousness in nine cases
out of ten is the "cry of the starved nerves
for food." Feed the nerves on rich blood
and all nervous manifestations will cease.
"It has been seven mouths since using Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, and I only
used tha«e bottles of the medicine when it made
me feel like a new man," writes S. A. Miller.
Esq. (care of Mr. Amos Hyre. R. D. 10), Dattfth.
Ohio. "I had doctored with two local p'hysi-^-
cians without benefit. I felt all worn out. and :
had an awful misery in my back for two year**
but noticed, a change for the better when I
began using your \ Golden Medical Discovery.* »
To gain knowledge of your own body —
in sickness and health — send for the Peo-
ple's Common Sense Medical Adviser. A
1 book of 1008 pages. 'Send 21 cents in
stamps for paper- covered, or, 31 stamps
/or cloth-bound copy. Address Dr. S. V.
•Pierce. 662 Main Street, BuSalo. N. IN.tvy League Lecture.
P'rom San Francisco — A. Ackerman,
at the Wellington; A. Baer, at the
Hotel Imperial; Miss M. McBach. at
the Grand Union; Z. W. Dodge, at
the Hotel Imperial; P. O'Brien, at the
Astor House; C. Thumler, at the Well
ington; G. Andrews, at the Broadway
Central; ¦ E. C. Boricher, at the Marl
borough; S. Plummer, at the Herald
Square; Mrs. J. W. Clark, at the Im
perial; Miss Scarlock and W. D. Scar
lock and wife, at the Broadway Cen
tral.
From Los Angeles — S. C. VaileVat
the St. Denis; P. P. Hull, at the Vic
toria, and T. I. Hameston. at the St.
Denis.
Californlans in New York.
NEW YORK. Aug. 5.— The follow-,
ing: Californlans have registerd in New
York: L
Alumnae Association Meets and Wel
comes Dr. Scott, the New Head
of tho Institution.
The Alumnae Association of the
Girls' High School Association of San
Francisco gave a reception last even
ing in the auditorium of that building,
corner of Scott and Geary streets. The
function was in honor of Dr. Arthur
W. Scott, the new principal of the
school, and of Elisha Brooks, who re
tires from the position. Dr. Scott re
signs the prlncipalship of the Alameda
High School and Mr. Brooks. leaves his
educational work after thirty years of
teaching. He will retire to his country
home at Ben Lomond in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
The large apartment was decorated
with potted ferns and rare plants. Music
was provided by a stringed orchestra
and vocal selections were given by mem
bers of the association. A short address
of welcome to the new was
made by Miss HattieWhlrlow on behalf
of the Alumnae Association. Mr.Brooks,
in reply, spoke of his long term of labor
as a teacher and as principal of that
school and of the pleasant associations
with .its faculty. After forty years he
was returning home to the woods, but
he felt that he was leaving the school
in the best hands that could be found.
The new principal Bpoke in. part as
follows:
This la a large school — a large Girls' High
School — and I anume the prlnclpalship of it
with the realization of a grave responsibility.
During her high school fareer a girl is pa*s
tnir through a critical time in her life. She
is beginning the finish of her preparations frfr
the higher duties of womanhood, and the in
stitution where she Ig receiving her final In
struction must b» broad and comprehensive in
lta methods. And the school like the school
muEt develop. I might mention several special
feature* of a girl's training, but I will men
tion only one — the physical. Being ¦ a phy
sician I place more importance on this pos
sibly than another might. Physical exorcise
In the open air Is needed for the development
of the girl Into the woman.
Another thing I would like to see changed
Is the use of the fourth story of this building.
I see girls tolling up these stairs for recita
.tlons. I hope alterations will be mnde in
these apartments whereby we need not use
this top floor except for reception purposes.
Now in conclusion I wish to know the Rtudents
of this school and their parents. I w«{ to
know the temperament of the pupil in Irhool
and at home and 1 want the two temperaments
to come together — get acquainted.
.* '— : : — — — *
The new soubrette who is to take
the place made vacant by Xora Bayes
at Fischers Theater is expected to
arrive to-day. Miss Bayes goes back
to vaudeville and will oi»en in Denver
a week from Saturday. XfilHe Gerlri,
the new soubrette, is one of the pret
ties: women on the stage. She is
petite, chic, one of the best singers and
<5srieer« i'» America, and there Is no
part m 'either comic onera or bur
low^ue thnt she cannot asFume. She
will make her first appearance Mon
day night in "The Whirl of the
Town." in which she will introduce
some of her specialties.
.Fischer's New Sonbrelte.
The # proj,oscd amendment will be
submitted to a vote of the people, to
gether with others which the Super
visors desire to incorporate in the
laws of the municipality.
Mayor Ssehmitz yesterday signed the
bill settins forth a proposed charter
amendment modifying the dollar lim
it of' taxation so that 83 cents only
shall be used for the running ex
jrens»-s of the city government and 15
cents shall be applied for public im
provements.
MAYOR APPROVES ONE
CHARTER AMENDMENT
RECEIVES NEW PRINCIPAL
OF GIRLS' HIGH SCHOOt
'Mayor Schmltz Makes Definite An
. "' nosmoeincnt Regarding Vacancy
• on Board of Education-
tfchmiiz said yesterday that
*voulc/ not announce the name of
his appointee to the vacancy on the
Boprd of Education to succeed Mark
until after the primaries.
. Among the latest aspirants for the
I'lace is Louis Levy, present Deputy
Health Officer.
" Other strong candidates are
Park Commissioner Altmann. whose
t-hances for appointment are of the
best; Dr. Joseph Poheim, member of
the Health Board; David J. Oliver Jr.,
a prominent Woodman; Thomas E.
• A-tkin.«on.|j secretary of the Republi
can County Committee, and A. M.
: Armstrong.
APPOINTMENT WILL BE
MADE AFTER PRIMARIES
SEND MESSAGE
TO KWONG SUI
The Emperor of China Is
Congratulated" by Chinese
Whose Heads He Desires
Ex-Mayor of Oakland Declares He
Is in Constant Fear of
His Life.
Adolph Goldman, Who shot ex-
Mayor R. W. Snow of Oakland, was
arrested yesterday on a warrant sworn
out by Snow, charging him with be
ing insane. Snow claims that he fears
Goldman will kill him if left at large.
Goldman Is indignant at the action
of his former friend in placing him
behind 1 locked doors. He was consult
ing his attorney in the Parrott build-
Ing when a police officer entered and
informed him of his arrest. At the
Detention Hospital he said he had
spent two hours in Snow's company on
Thursday, when they discussed their
former relations. Snow advised him,
ho said, to go to some private sana
torium for treatment. He declined to
do so and to this he attributes his
arrest. The warrant was issued by
Judge Kerrigan.
To-day Kwopg Sul, Emperor of
China, eon of heaven and three chap
ters more of titles, is 33 years old. In
Chinatown his faithful subjects are
preparing to celebrate event to
morrow because the sixth day of Aug
ust is a hoodoo day among the Chi
nese. About 5000 years ago an Em
peror of the Grand High Cross-eyed
Dynasty fell into a plate of seaweed
stew on that date and turned into a
catfish.'
The Educational Society has cabled
the Celestial potentate the following
message of congratulation:
. congratulations to our
dear Emperor. May. he live 10,000
years. May our country progress till
it Is the first in the world."
The messenger boy who hands that
to the Son of Heaven is liable to come
out of the imperial pagoda head first.
There Is a price of $200,000 on the
heads of the members of the Educa
tional Society. Whether or not there
is that much in the imperial till
Kwong Sui don't, like the . association.
The Six Companies have given- out
the following proclamation in honor
of the Emperor's birthday: . '
"See to it that your lanterns are
trimmed and lighted. Let all reverence
be shown to the Son of Heaven,
Kwong Sul, Emperor of the Eighteen
Provinces. Regard This! ! !"
Chinatown is going to go some/on
this anniversary. Every Celestial with
the price will get outside of an exten
sive banquet' that is' mostly 'odor.
Fiddles- will squeak and gongs will
thunder all night. / .' ;
The Educational Society, In spite of
the price placed upon the 1 -ads of its
leaders, will celebrate as enthusias
tically as their brethren, who are held
at a far cheaper valuation. The or
ganization has levied an assessment of
30 cents, per capita for provender and
Official' Learns of to Hang
Prisoner and Disperses the
Crowd.
MOB'S PROPOSED LYNCHING
V BEE SPOILED BY SHERIFF
BUTTB, Aug. 5.— While an inquest
was being held over the body of Pat
rick Mahoney, who was. killed by Jerry
Slattery In a saloon -row, one crowd of
men gathered at Main and Park,
streets and another at Main and
Broadway with the intention of lynch
ing Slattery. The plan was to have
one party go to the front of the jail
to attract the attention of the Sheriff
and his deputies while the other forced
an entrance into the rear of the jail.
The Sheriff, however, was warned and,
aided by the police, dispersed, the mob.
fireworks for the jubilation. 1 This does
not mean that their part of the show
will look like thirty cents nor that
their regard for the Emperor is thirty
cents' worth. That specific sum has
no symbolic meaning among the
Chinese.
In the halls of the Six Companies the
sacred "maan shau" tablets will be
worshiped. The lunch counter will be
free to all comers.
Consul General Chow Yu Kwan and
other - notables have . cabled congratu
lations to their Emperor.
M. P. Snyder, Mayor of Los Angeles,
who has been rusticating at Shasta
Springs, is registered at the Palace
Hotel, en route home. He Is accom
panied by his wife and son.
Mrs. Carl T. Hartma-n and daughttrr
arrived from Paso Robles yesterday
and are at the Occidental, where they
will remain for three weeks. Captain
Hartman is chief of the Signal Corps
at Camp Atascadero.
Charles L. Davis, formerly receiving
teller of the San Francisco Savings
Union, but for the last year in charge
of the exchange department of the
San Francisco National Bank, has
been elected an assistant cashier of
the latter bank.
United States Senator A. G. Foster
and Captain E. G. Griggs, president of
the Pacific Coast Lumber Manufac
turers" Association, arrived here yes
terday from Tacoma and are staying
at the Palace. They came south on
private business and leave to-morrow
for Los Angeles;
Gaston Bernal Reske and Madame
Reske of Madrid, both noted singers,
who are making a tour of this coun
try, are at the Palace.
William/ E. Smythe of San Diego,
who is prominently identified with
Irrigation projects in Southern Cal
ifornia, is at the Palace.
W. A. Junker, manager of the Pt*3o
Robles Hotel, is spending a few days
in the city, accompanied by his sister,
Miss Junker. They are at the Palace
Hotel.
Dr. Charles W. Needham, president
of Columbia University, arrived here
yesterday from Washington and is
staying at the Palace.
Judge J. Gibson of Los Angeles,
whose recent investments in oil have
netted him a big fortune, is at the St.
Francis Hotel.
J. E. Bamberger of Salt Lake, who
1? interested in the Daly-West mine
and other gold properties, is at the St.
Francis Hotel.
John M. Gardiner, prominently con
nected with the electric railway sys
tem at Santa Cruz, is registered at the
Grand Hotel.
C. R. Scott, a lawyer of Tulare, is
at the Grand.
P. L. Flanigan. a capitalist of Reno,
is at the Grand.
Dr. W: S. Taylor of Livermore is at
the Palace Hotel.
James M. Meighan of Tonopah is at
the Palace Hotel.
J. P. Poundstone, a rancher of Gas
ton, is at the Grand.
H. G. Stevenson and wife of Menlo
Park are at the Palace Hotel for a
few days.
Hector Burness, who represents a
large number of English firms at
Fresno, is registered at the Palace
Hotel.
PERSOXAL.
It would be absolutely ineffective if other
wise lawful and valid for the reason that the
prohibited districts are not defined by limiting
boundaries. According to the proposed amend
ment the attempted boundary line of the
"quarry" district begins either at Van Ness
avenue and Market street or at Van Ness
avenue and Bay street (It is uncertain which)
and ends at the waters of the bay and Green
street, leaving the space between Van Ness
avenue and East street open and without
boundary thus falling to define a district.
Among the attempted boundaries of the
"rock-cmshlng" district are two parallel
streets without connection, Lombard and
Greenwich streets, • thus leaving that district
oper. and unbounded. The proposed amend
ment Is wanting of definition and therefore
ineffective.
The proposed amendment is inconsistent and
in my opinion Illegal In that it assumes to
grant power to the Supervisors to fix the limits
and at the same time assumes itself to fix
such limits.
The proposed amendment is. In my opinion,
unconstitutional. -It is Justifiable only as an
exercise of the "police power" of the munlclp-
Amendment No. 3 seeks to fix the
limits for quarrying and is supposedly
aimed at Gray Bros. The Mayor says:
WOULD BE INEFFECTIVE.
pervlsors the unlimited control of the expendi
tures of public utilties as against the depart
ments under whose Jurisdiction the framers
of the charter Intended that such expendi
tures should be made.
The first of these objects the proposed
amendment would fall to achieve, because Its
language refers to the wrong aectlons of the
charter. The amendment reads: "The pro
visions Of section 0 of this chapter shall not
apply to the funds of any publlo utility or
appropriation made therefrom.'
Section 0 can relate only to Article XII,
when, as a matter of fact, the author of the
amendment undoubtedly had In mind section
9 of chapter I of Article III of the charter,
which is nowhere In the proposed amendment
mentioned or referred to.
The second of these objects would. If the
proposed amendment became a part of the
charter, put the responsibility for the opera
tion of any pubic utility upon one of the mu
nicipal departments, and yet allow the Board
of Supervisors to cripple Its efficiency or de
etroy its utility, as has been. In my opinion,
attempted by this very board In Its controversy
with the Board of Health an arm of the mu
nicipal administration which has honestly,
efficiently and economically administered its
department. •
This amendment, if carried, would also. In
my Judgment, provide a basis for a strong
argument against the acquisition of any public
utilities as It expressly provides for the un
profitable operation of such utilities and pre
pares for an attack by the Board of Super
visors upon the general funds of the city,
raised by general taxation of her citizens, to
replenish the funds of a possibly unprofitable
public utility-
The language of the amendment in this
connection Is as follows: 'Should the reserve
funds be Insufficient to pay the eame, then
the Board of Supervisors may appropriate
from the general fund of the oity, and county
a sum sufficient to meet such deficiency."
As the city has not yet acquired any public
utility there will be ample time and oppor
tunity hereafter for the submission of an im
proved amendment, if one should be deemed
necessary.
In view of the decision of Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday that In pool
selling cases it Is necessary in order to
secure a conviction to prove that the
race on which the bet was made took
place, Chief Wittman will ask that an
amendment be made to the existing
poolselling ordinance. -
Frank • McDonald and D. Crelghton
were arrested by Policeman Peshon on
Thursday after he had laid a wager of
60 cents with McDonald & Creighton
on a horse which was to run In a race
on a track in New York. The Judge
dismissed the cases, holding that there
was no proof that the horse ran In the
race or that the race was run.
The ordinance provides that It shall
be unlawful to make "any bet or wager
whereby money . or other representa
tives of value are staked or pledged on
races or other contests between horses,
except within the inclosure of a race
track."
Chief Wittman said in referring to
Judge Cabaniss' decision that It would
take about $400 to bring witnesses from
the East to prove that the horse ran or
that the race was run. "I will send,"
said the Chief, "a communication to
the Board of Police Commissioners
calling their attention to the matter
and recommending that an amendment
be made to the ordinance. The amend
ment I would suggest will be In adding
after the word 'contests* the words
•purporting or understood to be run.'
The matter will be taken up at the
next meeting of the board, on Tuesday
night, and I will urge that It be pushed
through without delay, as my hands
are now practically tied."
Judge Cabaniss in speaking of his de
cision said It would not Interfere with
the local races, as the facts here could
be easily proved.
SPELL OF READING
IN RAWHIDE CASE
Chief Wi'ttman has put himself
squarely on record as favoring a highSr
license rate for local saloons.
A large numb:r of citizens attended
a meeting last night at the Columbian
building, at 91S Market street, with ref
erence to the suggested liquor dealers'
high license. J. W. Scott was in the
chair and among the speakers were
John F. Merrill, J. W. Hatch, D. No
land, P. F. Morris and others represent
ing various business industries and
trades.
Besides the commercial interests rep
resented there were delegates from the
Epworth League Alliance and the Gold
en Gate Christian Endeavor Union. N.
B. Greensfelder and Leon C. Osteyee
represented the Civic Council of San
Francisco.
Merrill made some practical sugges
tions as to the means which he consid
ered necessary to obtain names to the
petition, which must be in the hands of
the Registrar of Voters by the end of
September. Merrill could not see why
the petition should not contain 30,000
names. He expressed his confidence
that nine-tenths of the business men of
the city would sign the petition. That
there shall be no time iQSt In furthering
the movement by which those interest
ed hope to institute high license In San
Francisco, he moved to district the
business portion of the city as a prac
tical m*ans of gaining signatures. The
motion Ivas adopted.
The following letter in response to an
invitation to attend a former meeting
was read from Chief of Police Witt
man:
Dear Sir: I am, as you know. In hearty
accord with you in striving to obtain the
ends for which the meeting was called. I
found during my trip throughout the Eastern
States that there are no cities that have a
lower license rate for the retail liquor business
than $500 per annum, and they grade from
that amount up to $1500 per annum. I was
laughed at by the different Chiefs of Police
and the Mayors of the different cities where
I visited when I told them that our retail
liquor dealer's license was only $84 a year.
I think the public Is ripe for a reform In
this direction and only needs some one to
bring the matter publicly to the attention of
the community. I am sure you will flnd that
the public will vote right on the question.
There will be a meeting at the same
place next Friday evening at 8 o'clock.
WILL CELEBRATE THEIR
WKI>DLXG ANNIVERSARY
Three Thousand Pages of Testimony
to Be Digested by a Long* Suf
fering Jury.
In the trial of the case of the Raw
hide Gold Mining Company vs. the
Tuolumne County Water Company In
the United States Circuit Court the
whole of yesterday's session of the
court was occupied by the attorneys;
in reading a report of testimony taken
before United States Commissioner
Heacock in a case in equity between
the same parties involving the same
matter.
The report occupies 3000 pages of.
typewritten matter averaging 300
words to the page. The counsel take
turns in reading the precious docu
ment, but they skip the dry places
and consign large wads of it to the
world of unuttered words.
When the bulky report was dumped
upon the table several Jurors exhibited
symptoms of heart failure, while
others began to feel sleepy. It Is ex
pected that the reading will not con
sume more than two days' time. The
reading will be resumed on Tuesday.
ISSUES ORDER PROVIDING
FOR STAMPING OP VANTLXA
Mr. and Mrs. II. Morris Complete Half
a Century of Happy Mar
ried Life.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Morris will cele
brate their golden wedding anni
versary at 249 Fell street to-morrow
afternoon. A large number of rela
tives and friends will be present to
help make the occasion a memorable
one.
The aged pair were married in Ger
many August 7, 1854. Shortly after
the wedding they decided to try their
fortunes in the new country beyond
the Atlantic and sailed for New York.
They came directly to California,
where they have since been perma
nently located, j
Mr. Morris engaged in mercantile
pursuits and attained much success.
He has recently retired from business.
He is particularly well known among
the men who helped to found the
prosperity of California.
Seven children and fifteen grand
children will attend the anniversary
celebration. Numerous valuable pres
ents from friends have been received
by the happy couple, who state that
they are just as much in love as on
the other seventh of August half a
century ago.
Reproduction of a Great Painting.
The readers of this week's News Letter are
presented with a double page plate reproduction
from the painting made by Edward Cucuel of
the foyer of the Royal Opera-house at Berlin.
The portraits of many of the notable person
ages of German royal circles will be recog
nized, as each of these people posed especially
for the artist.
There is a demand fcr a citizen party in
San Francisco to relieve the city from the
hands of the present mlsadmlnlstratlon.
The departments are unusually bright thl»
week. •
Governor of Tahiti Takes Action of
Interest to Importers of tho
Pacific Coast.
The resident French Consul O>a
eral reports a decision by the Gov
ernor of Tahiti to insure the official
stamping of standard qualities of va
nilla grown In the Islands that will ba
of interest to local Importers. Tha
text of the decision 4s as follows:
All vanilla, of the French •stabtishxnaats la
Oceania for exportation that will ba r««os
nlzed to be of a good, merchantable quality by
an expert appointed by tl>« administration, on
the proposition of the managing comity of th»
Calsse Asrtcole, and who Is attached to that
establishment, will b« it.-cnrM with a spaeial
mark attesting the good' quality of th« product-
The exporters who may wimh to profit by till*
faculty shall submit their vanilla t» th« r-rl
ncatton of the above mentioned azpart. TS»
canes, tins. etc.. containing the vantr.% recog
nized tn the proper conditions will b<- sealed
and stamped at the expenses of the shipper and
und«r the control of the expert. The Insuf
ficiency and the defects of the paeklnr may
be. as well as the bad quality of the product.'
th« causes of refusal of the stamplnar.
The present decree will be coramunlea.ted far
execution, registered and published wherever
required.
Literary Society Entertains.
The initial entertainment by the
Eriadelphian Literary Society waa
given yesterday afternoon at Ayres
Business College. The programme in
cluded a piano solo by Miss E. Peter
son; recitation, by Miss McCrae; piano
selections. Miss Springe; 'monologue.
H. H. Gray, and recitation, Miss Wil
liams.
THROWN FROM A CAR.— MIm Catherine
Wynne, a nur»e at the Central Emergency
Hospital, waa thrown from a FlHmare-street
car yesterday which was rapidly roundln* s
curve at Waller street. She was taken to her
home considerably bruised on the head and
body, but not seriously lnjwred.
From the experiences of the past, such an
enlargement of power would tend etill further
ti encourasre officious Interference, and Is, in
my opinion, neither extremely desirable nor
exceedingly advantageous to the city's Inter-
Amendment No. 2 contains Internal evi
dence of carelessness and want of due con
sideration. It has two main features: First,
the desire to do away. In the case of ac
quired public, utlltle*. with the safeguard of
the "one-twelfth act." with which the charter
eurroundg the expenditures of the various de
partments; second, to give the Board of Bu-
EXPERIENCE OF THE PAST.
This instrument wag framed with great care,
and much de.' Iteration and was proudly pro
claimed, even by some of those who now seek
to amend it, as a monument of municipal wis
dom tCKS of municipal government.
It is true that the charter is imperfect in
many particulars, but in my - opinion the
amendments are not directed at the most im
portant of these particulars.
It would be far more advantageous to the
city and to the economical administration of
its affairs, if. instead of seeking further to
extend the power of the Board of Supervisors
unfairly and unjustly to interfere with and
cripple the operations of the various depart
ments and bureaus of the city's government,
thereby precipitating expensive and disagree
able conflicts at the coet of the citizens of
San Francisco, an amendment were offered
providing for the autonomy of each depart
ment and its own control, over the work for
which It is responsible and over wliich it has
under the charter exclusive control.
A majority. If not all. of the amendments
proposed by the Supervisors, this day returned
by me. are designed to increase the already
exaggerated power assumed and claimed by
the Board of Supervisors.
Moreover, thla wholesale tinkering with the
charter is fraught with serious consequences.
On account of the ill-considered haste In which
the*? amendments are conceived and prepared
it is also dangerous, not only to the subjects at
which they may be aimed, but to the re
mainder of the charter.
I Unless in some manner restrained. It is evi
dent that the people of this city are apt to be
aifllcted with a charter amending epidemic.
The Board of Supervisors has, to this date,
already proposed six amendments and has oth
ers in contemplation, while petitions are being
freely circulated for the submission to the peo
ple of other amendments.
t>o many amendments submitted at a single
election, and that, too, one which Involves
national party issues and in which candidates
for public office are to be elected, will, 1 am
sure, fail to receive that consideration which
the importance i>( such changes in the funda
mental organic law of the municipality merits
and should have.
To the Board of Supervisors — Gentlemen: I
herewith return, without my approval, and I
hereby disapprove and veto, "Charter Amend
ment No. 2" and specify the following as the
reasons tor my veto:
The veto messages are as follows:
VIGOROUS OBJECTIONS.
Mayor Schmtt* has returned to tho
Board of Supervisors without his. ap
proval live of the six purposed amend
ments to th9 charter. In his veto
ini'.-sajce the Mayor does not enter into
lengthy legal, argument or quote de
cisions. Flatiy, bluntly he states his
refusal. Caustically he takes a fling
at the Supervisors, whom he accuses
of attempting to arrogate to them
selves power's which belong to other
branches of the city government and
increase their powers.
He says that the charter Is not the
most perfect document in existence,
but holds that the Supervisors are
barking up the wrong tree and that the
amendments are not aimed at the im
perfect sections.
Some of the purposed amendments
Eeem not only to ha.ve met with the dis
approval of the city's chief executive,
but also to ha\e aroused his ire. Re
garding amendment No. 6, which . re
lates to the duties of the Fire Commis
sioners, the Mayor says that the Su
pervisors, in reaching out for more
power, do not care what chaotic condi
tions may be brought about or how
the administration may be impaired.
SNOW CAUSES GOLDMAN'S
ARREST FOR INSANITY
This amendment would remove from the
Fire Commissioners the duty, as well as the
right, to supervise the business of the depart
ment for which they are responsible and of
which they have exclusive control. It would
expressly absolve them from seeing that con
tracts awarded and work done for the Fire
Department should be faithfully performed and
would release them from the obligation of ex
acting adequate bonds for the prompt and
faithful performance of the same.
In the grasping for more power for the Su
pervisors, it matters not apparently what cha
otic conditions may be brought about nor how
seriously the efficiency of municipal adminis
tration may be impaired. The houses of the
city may be burned, conflagrations may rage
and destroy our places of business for want of
proper control by the Fire Department of its
horses, apparatus and supplies, but If small
political grievances or petty political ambi
tions can be satisfied, let the charter be
amended.
The purposed amendment No. 6, aim
ed at the Fire Commission, meets with
the Mayor's disapproval as follows:
This amendment I consider most vicious and
most dangerous to the city's interests. It
atempts to authorize progressive payments on
public contracts. It must have been plain to
the gentlemen who proposed this amendment,
experienced as they are in municipal affairs,
that such an amendment would only place a
premium on spoliation of this city through
financially irresponsible contractors. A low
figure could be bid on & contract, part of the
work dons, progress payments made and the
work thereupon abandoned, to be completed
by the city on a much higher basis of ex
pense. Contract Jobbery should not be en
couraged.
FIRE COMMISSION'.
The veto of the purposed amendment
No. 5, relating to payments on street
contracts, is brief. It says:
STREET CONTRACTS.
ABROGATION OF POWER.
To the purposed ' amendment \ No. 4
the following objections are made by
the Mayor:
It Is a direct arrogation of certain power to
the Supervisors which the charter makers did
not contemplate or intend. It Is an Interfer
ence with the action, of a municipal depart
ment which Is primarily and legally responsible
for work upon the streets and would . tend to
create unnecessary conflict between two de
partments • of municipal administration.
It would impose upon property owners the
burden, already arduous enough, of dancing
attendance upon committees of the Board of
Supervisors and at meetings of th« Supervis
ors, as well as waltlnc upon the Board of
Publlo Works, to secure permission to do what
under proper regulation and supervision it
would seem they should have every right to
do, namely, in proper cases, to improve their
own property at their own expense.
As the ballots, voted by the people contain
only the briefest reference to the nature of
the amendment voted on it will be observed
that the establishment of this precedent might
lead to most noxious and harmful results.
Thus in this amendment a section of the
charter which gives the Supervisors only power
tc construct or permit the construction of tun
ncls Is sought to be amended go as to create
restrictions and prohibitions of matters entirely
foreign.
ity, and Its subject matter la within the
Jurisdiction of tne lawmaklng power.
The lawmaking power already existing in
the legislative authority of the city and county.
I am of the opinion. that a submission to the
people of such a police regulation and Us
adoption would not make It a valid provision
of the charter any mere than the submission
to the people and their adoption would mate
as a valid part of the charter an amendment
providing that a person found leaving his
horse unhitched upon the street should be ar
rested. That would be the subject of munic
ipal ordinance and not of charter amendment.
I Ujlnk the proposed charter amendment also
unconstitutional In that it attempts arbitrarily
to discriminate between persons engaged in
the same class of business. Under the pro
,vlslons of this proposed, amendment a person
having property on th*- north side of a street
would be debarred "Tron! using it while a per
son on the south side of the same street and
directly opposite would, under exactly the
same surrounding conditions, be privileged to
utilize It. ~ ¦
While I do not set it forth as ah express
ground of veto, I wisb also to call attention
to the danger of submitting to the peqple an
amendment to a section of the charter which
is not at all relevant to the subject matter
of the amendment. "*
Tfc£ exclusive publication in The Call
of yesterday that the revision of the as
sessment roll would result in a falling
off of some jy.000,000 from the total of
Jili.uOO.OOO as returned by Assessor
Dodge caused consternation among the
city officials. The article was fully con
firmed by the figures as compiled yes
teraay by the deputies in Auditor
Baehr's office, and the Inevitable con
clusion is drawn that the total roll
vas placed at too high a figure in the
first place.
The roll as revised by Auditor Baehr
at the preterit time aggregates the sum
cf approximately $502,892,459, or more
than ?S.<X>0,000 less than the original
computation. This reduction is mainly
Cue to clerical errors and to reductions
ordered by the Board of Supervisors.
The roll is segregated as follows:
Heal f-sl&te $2!tt.R00.0*>5
Improvement! MS,"81,»S5
Total *-3$0.2S2.c.oO
.Personal property 12i«10.40'J
Grand total of roll $5o2.8i12.45a
further calculations may result in a
elight variance one way or the other in
.the figures quoted. The fact that the
¦pill amounts to 5502,892,459 does not sig
nify that the taxes on that amount
v ill be collected. Included in the sum
. ere assessments on property belonging
t'» the city, church property and prop
erty held in the* name of the Univer
sity of California, all of which under
'•the law is non-taxable. This will re
duce the mil by at least $1,000,000. Then
the delinquency in the collection of
taxes is to be considered. It has been
the custom to figure on a delinquency
cf $5,000,000. Last year, however, it was
about $2,000,000.
This year, owing to the enormous in
¦ crease in the individual assessments on
i<\al estate and the assessment on newly
-discovered property, a conservative es
timate of the delinquency would be be
tween $2,000,000 and $3,000,000. It will
therefore be easily seen that the actual
assessment roll upon which taxes will
be. collected will aggregate an amount
Jn the neighborhood of $500,000,000. and
ma? even fall below that figure.
• These facts are serving to make the
Board of Supervisors, which fixed a
rate of $1 12 on an estimated roll of
JT.OO.OOO.OOO, decidedly uneasy. If the roll
falls below the last named figure it
vill mean that the income will be in
cufficient to conduct the affairs of the
niunicirality. How much the deficit is
l:kely to be can only be determined
v."hcn the full amount of tax collections
*iave been made. The deficit may be
*Mght, or Tt may amount to a figure
that will work some inconvenience to
the officials who direct the manage
ment cf the citv's finances, as the in
come may be insufficient to meet the
budget expenditures.
The committee attending the con
ference consisted of William Clack.
Frank Shannon, John Herget, Charles
MitcheH, William Rice, Thomas Lind
say and Ike Spiro.
Should the bill setting forth the
amendment be passed by the Board of
Supervisors it will go to the Mayor
for his signature or veto. Should his
Honor veto it and the veto be sus
tained then the liquor dealers purpose
to have the amendment submitted to
the voter?.
A committee from the California
Retail Liquor Dealers' Association
held a consultation yesterday at the
City Hall with Supervisors Hocks nnd
Lunstedt and after a long discussion
it was agreed that Hocks will submit
at next Monday's meeting of the
Board- of Supervisors an ordinance
setting forth a proposal to the voters
to amend the charter giving to an ap
plicant for a liquor permit which has
been denied by the Police Commission
the right of appeal to the Board of
Supervisors.
Some time ago Hocks introduced an
ordinance providing for the right of
appeal, which he desired passed by
the Supervisors. It was referred to
the City Attorney, who rendered an
opinion that the ordinance would be
in direct violation of th<e charter if it
were passed. Hocks thereupon de
cided to present the measure in the
form of an amendment to the charter.
The proposed amendment Is sub
sidiary to subdivision 3, section 1,
chapter 3, article 8 of the charter,
which allows all applicants for liquor
permits to have a hearing before the
Police Commission. The section to be
added follows:
After the hearing, should the Police Board
st III refute to grant such permit or should re
voke any permit that has been granted, the
person affected thereby may appeal from thfe
action of said board to the Board of Super
visors, and If in the Judgment of the Super
visors the said license .should be granted or
the revocation set aside, an order shall be made
to that effect and the Tax Collector shall issue
such license.
Total Amount May Be Less
Thau That on Which Tax
for the Budget Was Based
Purposed Amendments
Are Calied Attempt to
Usurp Power.
Heads of Eastern Cities
Laugh at Fees Charged
for Retail Liquor Men
Chief of Police Wittman
Will Recommend That the
Ordinance Be Amended
Change Will Affect Grant
ing of Fennits Which Have
Been Previously Denied
TARIFF IS TOO SMALL
HOCKS BEHIND MEASURE
i'lNl) CLERICAL EKKORS
City's Executive Takes
Jssue With Board of
Supervisors.
Local Chief of Police Fa
vors Increase for Permis
sion to Conduct Saloons
Liquor Dealers Propose the
Right of Appeal From Po
lice Board to Supervisors
DEFENDANTS DISMISSED
Judge Cabaniss Holds That
Proof 3Iust Be Presented
of Eace Having Been Eun
Computations in Auditor's
.'Office Show Big Falling
Off* in Citv's Assessment
REDUCED ROLL
CAUSES WORRY
PLAN TO AMEND
CITY'S CHARTER
OPPOSES THE SUGGESTED CHANGES
IN THE CHARTER OF THIS CITY
Little Attention Paid to
Legal Questions -
Involved.
Believes City Ordinances
Would Fully Cover
Same Ground.
WITTHAN WANTS
HIGH LICENSE
CANNOT STOP
POOLSELLINC
MAYOR SCHMITZ TRANSMITS FIVE VETO MESSAGES TO THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 0. 190*.
FIVE of the alx purposed
amendments to the charter
submitted by the Super
visors were vetoed by
3IayoV Sclimits yesterday in
"tinging messages. In brief
the amendments vetoed lire as
follows:
. >*<>• 2— Providing tor the
acquisition of public utilities by
the city mid payment thereof.
No. 3 — Limiting the district
in which rock crushing may be
carried on.
No. 4— Giving the Supervisors
charge of the issuance of street
permits.
No. 5 — Providing for Pro
gressive payments on street con?
tracts.
Xo. 6— -Curtailing the power
of tho Fire Commissioners.
The Major says too much
tinkering has already been done
with the charter and the city
put to useless expense. He sug
gests thnt matters referred to
in the amendments be covered
by municipal ordinances and at
tention paid to more serious
weak spots in the charter, If it
is to be amended.
An address will be given before the
San Francisco section of ..the Xavy
League of the United States on
Wednesday. August 10. at 8 o'clock
p. m'.. at the Chamber of Commerce
¦t 207 Sansome street, by Lieutenant
jfigtiur MacArthur Jr.,' United .States
jP*vy. on "Submarine Boats— Their
UBP5. ¦ Construction 3nd Method of
Operation." Every one who Is Inter
ested in the promotion of a proper
growth of the navy is ; invited to be
present.
4
COLONEL KATE
on "Tl»e Chorus Girl," in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Ye Olde KngHsli Inn.
:** Mason st Best things to eat and
ciick at B3bs & Jules'. •
•¦^C. . ADVEKTISEMEXTS. '
¦ ; Sale Ten Million Boxes a Year. II
H CANDY ~ * ****» A ° ZII3 1" mMh0^^ N
11 PREVENT ALL SUMMER BOWEL TROUBLES M
l|a Undigested lood in the human body will ferment a hundred times as t-h
n quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels f|3
l^?a poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, ,^> -J
Ea dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and | ; j
fjjj the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper IjJ
pj thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the boUy |;fj
K*a every day— not give it a chance to sour in tho stomach and bowels, .m^
figs You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool acd i ,1
gga healthy. To do it,- use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not |',-|
f£*l harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take t^i
5gs . in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. fcvfj
fgji All druggists, 10c. 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet ra
SB stampedC.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and |Bfl
B«. booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 635 JBlCLAIMS HE WAS FLEECED.— Arel Solo
mon, an unsuspecting stranger, complained to
tha police yesterday afternoon that he had been
fleeced by four men of $20 In a sure thin:;
same at a resort at the Ocean Beach. Offlcer
M. J. Greggains arrested Edward Wallac. .
James Tyre, William Morton and Frank Black,
who are accused of being the men. nn.l
booked them at the Golden Gate Park station
for petty larceny.
CONTAMINATED SPRINGS
CAUSE FEVER EPIDEMIC
Typhoid Attacks Residents of Mary
land Town and Spreads to
Alarming Extent.
CUMBERLAND, Md., Aug. 5. — One
hundred cases of typhoid fever In the
town of Mount Savage, with 2200 in
habitants, have caused great alarm.
Nurses are being imported from sev
eral points. The epidemic is traceable
to a spring where, workmen and chil
dren drank. The doctors say other
springs are contaminated and signs
ordering water boiling are posted
everywhere. 'The town has no water
works or sewerage' system.
DENVER, , Aug. 5. — Judge Samuel
L. Carpenter to-day charged the
Grand Jury to Investigate fully the
causes of the failure of the fidelity
Savings Association/which recently
closed its doors owing nearly $1,000,
000 to 3000 depositors. r
"If reports are true the depositors
of this Institution have been most cru
elly robbed," said Judge. Carpenter.
''If there has been criminality" here it
is your duty to find' it out"
Denver Judge Institutes Inquiry Into
Fidelity Savings Association
Collapse.
ORDERS THE GRAND JURY
TO INVESTIGATE FAILURE
CALIFORX1ANS AT FAIR.
•Register In the State Building Shows
.• it Presence of Many Westerners.
; - ST. LOUIS. Aug. 5. — The following
: visitors from Californian have regis
'¦tere'd at the California building:
. " Fan Francisco— D. Gleason W. T. TTowen
}>;*. N. Bayton. T. F. SpUttgerber A. X.
-. rtutJe, A. B. Latham. K. Km*. Mrs. k. Kru*.
• Sir*. J. W. Clark. Miss P. M. Nace Mrs. J.
Anderson, V. Fronkel.
; Oajcland — 6. S. Flke. W. J.. Crandley and
f wjTe. B. M. Crandley. Sin. J. Hog!* R. I_
5 Oliver.
' Fre*no— G. G. Copeland. Mrs. O. G. Cope
• Jand. P. Hart. "-? '
Miscellaneous— E. Miller. Visalia: P. W.
. C»nt. Arcata: I* H. Maxwell. Frtsno: C L.
. Bevlns. VimUia; A. C. Mlckel Weaverville;
W. B. Bunker. Merced; L. a. Danner.
• Ftockton: O. B. ColllnB. Sacramento: Mrs D
• B^Hutchlns, Bakerafleld; M. Honedle. Santa
Monica; C. A. Fara«worth. Stockton; Mr?. J
' Hennineer and family. Santa Rosa; N B
' Beach. R. Beach, Riverside: B. U. Birkhead.
• Tulare; J. W.- Hoover. Needles; H. P. Weyer,
: Modesto; D. Robertson and wife, Plumas
County; Mrs. J. A. Randolph and daughter
WIUow*; C. H. "Thompson ann wife Palo
Alto; I.-M. Cllpplngrer, Troplco; J. M. Hanson.
FaSinas: IT. B. Jackson and wire. Reddlng
•,1,:'A. Damon, Napa: Mrs. E. B. Griffin Eu
rrfe: D. L. Kleff«T. L.. J. Kieffer, S. E. Kieff
«r. -Fair Oaka; E. Clark. Yuba; H. Ehler.
inyinou.th. ; . •
A'futUe faith Is' worth- a-lot" of ;feel-
Too many expect to conquer the devi
by concurring with him.
EL PASO, Tex.. Aug.'. 5. — Mexico
and China are establishing their first
diplomatic relations. The Minister
who will represent China has arrived
in Mexico and established a legation
and to-day Maurice Wolhelm, who
wlllCbe Mexican Minister to China,
passed through El Paso en route to
Peking r r Wolheim has served the
Government of Mexico in diplomatic
positions "in Japan and Washington.
Diplomatic Relations Opened Between
Land of the Dragon and South
ern Republic.
FIRST CHINESE LEGATION
ESTABLISHED IN MEXICO
HELENA, Mon., Aug. 5.— Georgre F.
Hammond, who is In jail here, denies
positively that John Christie, arrested
by Northern Pacific officials at Hope,
N. ,' D., on the charge of being Inpli
cated in the recent holdup of the
North Coast Limited at Bear Mouth,
was his partner In crime. . On the con
trary, his assistant in that affair, he
says, has gone to Canada. Hammond
also said he had hidden in a safe place
securities taken from the express safe
worth fully SIOO.OOO. He says that
he will not divulge the place of con
cealment until after his trial and if
given the extreme v penalty under the
train robbing charge he never will
disclose it.
Robber Avers He Will Never, if Given
Extreme Penalty, Divulge Hid
ing Place of Booty.
BANDIT SAYS PARTNER
IN CRIME IS IN CANADA
ASSAULTS CHINAMAN— John McCarthy
was arrested in Butchertown last night and
accused of knockinr down and attempting to
rob » Chinaman.
Cl»eap Rates to Boston and St. Lonis.
.'¦ If ; you 'are ¦.'. going , to attend ¦ the G. : A. R.
Encampment at. Boston or World's Fair wBy
not have your' tickets- read one way via", the
Northern Pacific Ry. and stop en ; route and
visit the . Yellowstone .Park. ..'For particulars
se* T. K. Stateler, General Agent, N. p. Ry.,
647 'Market" street. San Francisco. '
Secretary Metcnlf SHchtiy m.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— Victor H.
Metcalf , Secretary of Commerce and
Labor, became ill with stomach trouble
last night. His illness is not consid
ered serious and he is expected to re
turn to his office to-morrow.
MILLIONS IN GOLD COIX
TO BE SHIPPED TO CUBA
Payments on tlie Speyer Loan Will
NEW YORK, Aug. 5. — The National
City Bank to-day announced the en
gagement of $2,500,000 in gold for
shipment next Tuesday to London.
The National Bank of Commerce
has engaged $1,500,000 gold coin at
the sub-treasury for shipment to
Cuba. This is on account of the $10,
000,000 advanced by Speyer & Co. on
the ' $35,000,000 loan to the Cuban
Government. It is understood that
the $10,000,000 paid by Speyer & Co.
to the representative of the Cuban
Government will be 1 shipped to Ha
vana in three or four installments,
covering a period of that many weeks.'
From $6,000,000 to $7,000,000 will be
sent in gold, the balance probably in
currency.
XO MORE DULL SUNDAYS.
Take a Trip to Del Monte. Monterey.
Santa Cruz or Some Other Place
: of Interest. . \"",V.S;--.'-.
It doesn't cost much to bo out of town for
Sunday and the trip will do you good. The
Southern Pacific sells week-end tickets at low
rates to many points and offers a fine oppor
tunity to visit famous places. Ask about Sat
urday to Sunday and Saturday to Monday ex
cursion tickets. Southern Pacific office. 013
Market atreet. • . . : •
CONDITIONS IRREGULAR.
to Enliven Trade.
Assurances of Good Crops Are Needed
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— Bradstreet's
will say to-morrow:
Business and industrial conditions
are still irregular and render general
ization as to the future difficult. Con
tinued good reports from the. corn crop
and absolutely brilliant conditions in
cotton tend to offset undeniably dis
appointing results in the premier
cereal, wheat. Dispatches to Brad
street's indicate an appreciable enlarge
ment in the distribution of merchan
dise at Western points, collections show
a slight gain and Southern advices,
buoyed up by fcood crop prospects, are
optimistic.
The iron trade, too. is showing im
provement, and even bituminous coal
is looking up. Other basic industries,
however, are not so favorably situated.
A few large strikes are responsible for
much Idleness in different industries.
Altogether the outlook, while cheerful
enough in the main, need3 definite as
surances of good crops and of settle
ment of labor disputes.
Business failures for the week in the
United States ending August 4 number
179, against 174 last week and 161 in the
like Meek in 1903.
In Canada failures for the week num
ber 25, against 17 last week and 26 in
this week a year ago.
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending August 4 aggregate
1,479,198 bushels, against 1,612,265 last
week and 3,040.629 this week a year
ago. From July 1 to date the exports
aggregate 6.565,372 bushels, against 15,
047,253 last year.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— A thorough
investigation by the Interior Depart
ment of the charge recently made to
the President by a* delegation of the
Presbyterian Board of Home Missions
that the Ind'ans of California are on
the verge of starvation reveals the fact
that the Indians, on the contrary, are
amply crovided for. It was found that
J27.C00 already had been authorized for
the relief of the Pimas during this fiscal
year. Acting Secretary of the Interior
Ryan ndvised Commissioner of Indian
Affairs J< nes, who. was at San Fran
cisco, to nioet a representative of the
Presbyterian board at the Pima reser
vation. The Commissioner has tele
graphed the department that he has
returned from a visit to the Pimas, and
he adds:
"There is no more suffering there
than exists on nearly every reservation
In the Southwest owing to the severe
drought during the last three years.
The agent has ample funds on hand to
ielieve any suffering."
The agent for the Pimas has wired as
follows:
"No Indians are starving on the Pima
reservation. Flour, beef and wheat are
issued to the 300 unable to work. One
dollar a day is paid to the Indians who
will work. Sufficient Cunds have been
authorized for immediate relief. Noth
ing is required at present. Twenty
thousand dollars additional will be re
quired for the Pimas after January 1
if the drought continues." .-
The Interior Department recently
instructed its superintendent of Irriga
tion to construct a system of wells to
supply water for irrigation purposes for
the Indians, as the water from the
river already has been diverted by the
white settlers above the reservation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 5.— The in
vestigation into the death of Miss Cry
stal Krauss, the daughUr of a Hart
ford City druggist, tends in every way
to confirm the charge of ¦ murder
brought against her stepmother and
the excitement in the community is in
tense. Several witnesses ".-ere exam
ined to-day and many circumstances
were developed that show that sui
cide was not probable.
Among the> witnesses was Lloyd
Sommerville, a nine-year-old boy, who
said that Mrs. Rae Krauss, the girl's
stepmother, who has been arrested,
gave him a note and money with which
to buy, strychnine at Logan's phar
macy. The boy is intelligent beyond
his years and fully realizes the im
portance of a truthful statement.
Mrs. Peter Hurley, v".o lives next
door to the Krauss family, testified
that she saw Mrs. Krauss give Lloyd
Sommerville the note. Che is positive
of that fact, for she says she intended
quizzing him on account of collecting
money.- The boy said that when he
returned with the strychnine Mrs.
Krauss thanked him and said she
would give it to a woman, meaning
Mrs. Shewalter, a neighbor, who she
said was waiting. inside. .
Mrs. Krauss denies having sent the
boy, and says that she would not know
Lloyd Sommerville If she saw him.
Another important witness has been
found in the person of Miss Enly Mar
tin, who was a friend and associate of
the dead girl. The two were to make
a call Tuesday afternoon and Miss
Martin went to the Krauss home and
found Crystal ill. She said she had
been unable to retain anything on her
stomach and told about h'avjjig been
In her father's store to get some pep
permint to settle her stomach. In
splte^of her illness, said Miss Martin,
she was in a contented mood. "
ARRESTED, FOR COMPLICITY
IX INDErEXDEXCE "HORROR
Liquor Dealer Charged With Being
Implicated in the Teller County '
Explosion.
THERMOPOLIS, Wyo., Aug. 5. —
Marshal Charles Hett has arrested J.
J. Neville at a camp, in the hills and
has started with him foV Cody, where
he will be turned over to Sheriff Ed
ward Bell of Teller County> Colo.
Neville Is charged with having been
implicated in. the dynamite outrage on
June 6 at Independence, Colo., where
he was formerly in the saloon busi
ness. His house was- within 200 feet
of the station where the explosion oc
curred and his wife was struck by
some of the flying debris. Neville's
saloon was burned a few days before
the explosion. After the explosion
Neville and a companion went away
on a hunting expedition.
Investigation Into Death
of Young Girl Tends to
Implicate Her Stepmother
Investigation Eeveals That
Charge Recently Made by
Missionaries Is Unfounded
PIMA INDIANS
NOT STARVING
WEB TIGHTENS
ABOUT WOMAN
H. Dobbin, A. J. Coldewey and Edward
R. Moss. -
The committee is completing the de
tails, and by the time the distinguished
members of the order arrive in this
city there will be a welcome for them
such as nevor before was extended to a
visiting body of Odd Fellows.
In view of the fact that the time be
tween the departure of the Knights
Templar and the arrival of the Odd
Fellows is so short, it would be impos
sible to change the decorative feature
of the electrical display on Market
street and around Union square except
to substitute the Odd Fellow, emblems
for those of the Knights Templar. Ar
rangements have been made by which
the electric lights will be allowed to
remain in place until after the adjourn
ment of the Sovereign Grand Lodge.
But the committee will have special
decorations at the Odd Fellows' build
ing, corner of Market and Seventh
streets, the Native Sons' building,
where the srand body. will meet, and at
Golden Gate Hall. The electrical deco
rations will also remain at the Me
chanics' Pavilion.
A number of the counties of the State
have given notice that they will install
an exhibit in the art gallery of the Pa
vilion, so that the 30,000 or more visit
ors may have an opportunity to Judge
of the possibilities of the State.
An official programme is being, pre
pared. This will be free from all ad
vertisements.
The badge committee has had made
a handsome oxidized silver emblem at
tached to a royal purple ribbon as a
souvenir of the occasion and a creden
tial to admit the wearer to the places
of special celebration.
WKLL KNOWN ODD FELLOWS
WHO WILL TAKE PART IN
CELEBRATION" NEXT MONTH.
NEW YORK. Aug. 5.— R. G. Dun &
Co.'s weekly review of trade to-morrow
will say: Labor controversies are the
serious drawbacks in business, most
other important factors tending toward
improvement. Despite some reduction
in the yield of wheat crop prospects are
most encouraging, and the loss in quan
tity of wheat promises to be fully offset
by higher prices, so that the agricul
tural communities will be in a position
to purchase commodities freely. De
layed orders for Iron and steel products
are being placed, and at woolen mills
there is a notable increase in activity.
Railway earnings in\luly were only 24
per cent lower than a year previous,
and at many cities there is evidence of
returning confidence. But several
strikes are in progress, and this, to
gether with others under consideration,
militate against the resumption of nor
mal conditions in trade and manufac
ture.
Foreign commerce at this port for the
last week shows a decrease of $1,047,488
in exports and a loss of $3,230,115 in im
ports as compared with the same time
last year, the latter item being partially
responsible for the loss in federal reve
nue. l"?'-v^
Tanners are seeking hides in good
condition, in which the supply is short,
as those taken off by unskilled hands
since the strike began are badly cut
and are offered at concessions.
Failures this week in the United
States are 230, against 220 last week,
231 the preceding week and 178 the cor
responding week last year.
Failures In Canada are 18, against 18
last week, 2 the preceding week and
19 last year.
Labor Controversies Militate
Against Resumption of
Normal Trade Conditions
STRIKES MAKE
BUSINESS DOLL
BY PAUIi EDWARDS.
CALL, BUREAU. PRESS BUILDING.
WORLD'S FAIR, August 5.— There Is a
day for everything at th« World's Fair.
From the Sioux village up to the ex-
Uibit- palaces each feature has a spe
cial celebration at some time during
the - exposition. Last Saturday was
transportation day and, as usual when
ever there Is "something doing," the
C&Iltornlans were not In the back-
There was a parade and the
county representatives of the Golden
State were alive to the occasion. About
twenty of them, each carrying a large
pampas plume inserted in an ear of
corn, which served as a handle, and a
email flag, entered the line. They were
Joined by nearly 100 California visitors,
«Jso . carrying pampas plumes.
An honored relic of early San Fran
,c1eco had. a prominent place In the pa
rade. Showing the wear of years, the
first cable car that ever ascended Clay
ctreet Hill passed before the multi
tude. It was one of the interesting ob
• Jfcots in that array of vehicles, show-
Ing the evolution of passenger convey
ances through the century.
[ A visitors' register, declared to be
•the largest book in the world, has been
placed by State Commissioner Wig
pins in the Southern California section
of the California agricultural exhibit.
It contains 4500 pages, measuring 26x21
Inches and weighs about 450 pounds.
The leather backs are an inch thick. It
has lines for 200,000 names. It was
manufactured at the order of the
•southern counties, which combined to
pay the expense.
."Miss Mary E. Pringle of San Fran
cisco, who has been stenographer and
.bookkeeper for the State Commission,
no longer fills that position. Her con
nection with the commission was ter
minated at the end of July. Miss
.Prir.gle is aa Intimate friend of E. B.
Willis, ex-secretary of the commission.
and will probably Join him and his wife
on Eastern pleasure trip before
.returning to California.
• In constructing her building at the
L-ouiFiana Purchase Exposition the
£-late of Washington has aimed to
show the majesty of her forests and
rive the world an idea of the immensity
of her lumbering industry. The struc
ture is somewhat in the shape of a
pagoda and is 12C feet in height. It is
-.sustained mostly on four fir timbers,
each 110 feet long: and twenty-four
.inches square at each end. These Jean
toward an apex 100 feet from the
•ground, where there is a circular ob
servation station that the energetic
may reach by means of a spiral stair
way if they wish. Above this station
rises a graceful cap. surmounted by a
flagpole, to the top of which from the
rround is 161' feet. The whole structure
is graceful and attractive. The beauti
ful marble quarried in Washington is
also shown in the building, the broad
stairs being made of this material,
.brought from the bustling city of Spo
.kane.
Washington has been accorded a
privilege that no other State at the ex
position seems to have, or perhaps she
has such a plethora of material that
shejhas obtained a privilege that none
cf the others have found of advantage.
Ehe -makes a varied display of her re
sources in her own building, as well as
in. -the various exhibit palaces. In the
Palace of Agriculture she has erected
«s the center of her display a copy in
cereals of. her building. Washington
•shows a great wealth of grains, apples,
wool, woods, vegetables, hops, honey
and other products.
James A. Barr, Superintendent of
Schools of Stockton, who came here to
assist Mr. Furlong, chief of California's
educational exhibit, and take special
[charge of the excellent display made
by Stockton, will return home in a few
day?, as the climate here does not agree
¦with him. He has Just got out of a
sickbed.
Professor Barr has studied the vari
ous school -exhibits closely and profit
ably while here, and win return with a
Valuable stock of information. "Califor
nia. Massachusetts, Missouri. New
York and Germany receive the lion's
ehare of attention in the educational
department," he said. "The showing
made by our State is very satisfactory
And sure to make an impression of the
right sort on the world. The California
.*>lan of displaying the work by locali
ties is receiving general commendation.
In .the New York installation, for ln-
Ftanc?. no system of schools can be
'studied without going from cabinet to
cabinet, the work of one city being
scattered through fifty or more cabi
•nets. In thp California installation the
Tvork from each city or county is shown
S9 a .unit, giving a chance to grasp
Abat of each school system in a short
ALTON. 111.. Aug. 5.— While bathing
in the -Mississippi River to-night
MJchael Riley. his daughter and six of
the latter's girl friends were drowned.
One child who was in the party waa
rescued. The dead:
MICHAEL RILEY. age 32 years.
ELIZABETH RILEY. aged 11 years.
ALLIESNYDER, age 14 years.
LUCY PATES, age 14 years.
LIZZIE PATES, age 14 years.
BESSIE BRUM, age 14 years.
MYRIE BRUM. age 10 years.
RUTH MARSHALL, age 11 years.
Riley lived near the river. In the
southern part of the city, and was ac
customed to ¦ bathe on the beach in
front of his home after his return from
work. To-night his little daughter
begged to go with him, and Riley took
her and seven of her friends to the
beach with him.
When they entered the water Riley
bade the children join hands, and they
all w&ded into the river and walked
along a sandbar which stretches out
into the stream at that point. They
had gone some distance f.ron{ the shore,
when suddenly the whole party disap
peared beneath the water, having in
the darkness stepped from the sandbar
Into the deep channel.
The children struggled and scream
ed, fighting desperately to reach the
sandbar, on which the water was only
a foot or so in depth. Riley, who is
said to have been a good swimmer, is
believed to have been made helpless by
the girls clinging to him and hamper
ing his efforts to save them.
The only one in the party to regain
the sandbar was Mary Timlny, eight
years old. The child Is unable to tell
how she saved herself beyond the
statement that "I snatched my hand
loose from the grasp of the little girl
next to me and soon found that I cc-uld
stand up and the water only came to
my knees."
The beach where the accident oc
curred is practically deserted after
nightfall and the screams of the little
Timiny girl failed to attract any one
to the scene. After Riley and the little
girl's • playmates had disappeared be
neath the water the child ran from the
beach and reached her home, scream
ing at the top of her lungs. She was
so hysterical that it was some time
before her parents could gather an ac
count of what had happened. .-
According to the account given by
the Timlny girl after she had been in
a measure calmed by her parents, the
drowningr was caused by the excite
ment incident, to the passage.; of a large
river steamboat. Before entering .the
water Riley had instructed the little
ones to maintain a tight grasp on one
another's hands,, he taking a place In
the center. The wash from the steam
boat ' caused considerable confusion
among the girls and In the darkness
they ' lost their bearings." Before they
were aware of their danger two or
three of them had stepped off the sand
bar Into the channel, dragging . the
others, with them. ...
While Holding Hands They
Suddenly Step From Shal
low Water to Deep Channel
TTestemers Take Part in
Parade and Attract At
tention by Novel Means
At a meeting of the executive com
mittee that Is arranging the details of
the reception to the officers of and rep
resentatives to the Sovereign Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows September 19 the following
named were announced as the commit
tee on information and publicity: Louis
Kragen, chairman;. Minnie F. Dobbin,
secretary; Marie H. Ludlow, Gertrude
J. Perry, Priscllla Munro, A. D. Webb,
Lucetta Perry, Margaret M. Perry,
Mary Mooney, Mary J. Uran, Hamilton
WALK OFF A SAND BAR
CALIFORNIA'S TO FORE
Rut Visitors Enjoy Oele
: brations Arranged by the
•Exhibitors at Exposition
Man Takes Party of Children
Bathing in the Mississippi
and All but One Perish
Will Follow Immediately After Close of Knights
Templar Conclave, and It Will Be Such
as Never Before Was Tendered Grand Body
RIVER CLAIMS
EIGHT VICTIMS
SPECIAL DAYS
PROVE POPULAR
PREPARATIONS FOR THE WELCOME
TO ODD FELLOWS ARE UNDER WAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; AUGUST ! G, 1904;
5
WANT A* ADVERTISERS • IX
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
WILL RECEIVE 5 FREE
A copy of the beautiful picture,
"HOTHOUSE TREASURES,"
Size 36x10 inches, on heavy
plafe paper. >•¦.:.' \- : fV.i^
This picture shows a yard*of
freshly culled "roses in their
wonderful variety, falling in
rich profusion from n bowl.
Beautiful Jacqueminots, stately
American Beauties, rich Mare-
chal Neils ¦ aiid others form a
floral picture that ; will strongly'
appeal; ¦ to : all lovers ; of nature
nnd art. The exquisite coloring
of ; these flowers is followed In
detail and the : picture will be. a
.valuable ornament to any home.
.BRING' YOUR , ADS TO-DAY.
31ARIE CORELLI,
The greatest Uvinsr woman
writer, begins a series of articles
on topics of the day in
XEXT SUNDAY'S CALX.
____THE OIPORIJJM. . J ; THE EMPORIUM.^ w ; j J J J[ r _'_ ™£ EMPORIUM.
The new "F"#j|igB B £&§&£ B gBW**
aisle, B JfAflU? Isra®£iW^& fl^Gfl W concert
two blocks jggpwgi jv 4^?S& *j^ to-night
long, is m^mgSk^wm^mmm^ JSTi^#|p& at 7:30—*
now open %Jt B %B '&3 S B ]MB &S §s0 free
A clean sweep must be made to-day, if pos-
sible, of all remaining short lots and belated
i r shipments of this season's goods. The final
1 price-cuts are made and every preparation -
to give quick and good service to the great j££
crowd of Saturday shoppers who will, re-/
spond to price invitations like these:
Beautiful new $18 50 Silk Shirt Waist Dresses, for ...^;.;.R12^50
Fancy Mixture Pedestrian Skirts, a belated shipment
Tailor Suits, regularly $17.50 to $37.50, now $9.75t(to SK>90
Women's Fast Black 25c Lace Lisle Hose; pair 4 — -16c
Hurlbut's 25c Rookwood Papeteries, blues only,. box a Ale
15c and 20c Imported Tooth Brushes, pure white ..bristles^ -,-.9c
25c Imported Tooth Brushes, pure white bristles. ,..,
No. 3 Stockinet Dress Shields, good quality, pair ,.7c
Men's Fancy Shirts, balance many lots, 16 and 16^ only*. -.35c
Women's 45c Lace Lisle 2-clasp Gloves; gray, slate, white, black... „ 25c
$2.00 Flexible Bound, Self-Pronouncing Teachers' Bibles..* ....98c
20c Italian Castile Soap, extra large 1-M-pound bars.., \ 12c
20c Box Corylopsis Toilet Soap, perfumed, 3« cakes -..9c
Women's $2.00 New Style Vici Kid Oxfords.... f;j $L00
Boys'75c and $1.00 Percale and Madras Shirts (odd lots) 47c
Men's $1.50 Style Cotton Ribbed Union Suits, now...^ 71c
Men's $2.00 Sweaters, plain and fancy colors, now h $1.48
Lillian Russell 5c Cigars, to-day only, 10 for *....! 25c
iWen's Foulard Four-in-Hand Scarfs 50c novelties # 29c
Boys' Blouse Sailor Suits, with extra pants, for ; $5.00
Boys' Eton Blouse Suits, extra pants and collar .*. $5.00
Men's New Fall Suits, $15.00 to $20.00*vaIues, for...- $12.50
And many, SS) j[f , -• Something for
other items — ijEptfBP^ MM iuiiiiMi> l i jiuiii in this sale
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TKcST/Tr.*
SAFETY RAZOR
Makes Staving Easy
RegularPiice$2.00. M Ef]
My Price Only .... U
A pleasure to shave with it. Just
the thing to take with y.ou on a trip.
OTH2B SAZOSS — Good ones — as
low as Sl.OO. I will make you a
liberal offer for your OI.D EAZOB if
you want a new one.
POCKET KNIVES that you can de-
pend on. as low as $1 .O<>.
Two bars "Williams' Shaving Soap.
1.1c.
Razors honed and ground. Honing.
25c
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. "W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., Opp. rif tb,
SAX FRANCISCO.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat/)
OF ANATOMY^
0 Q) " 51 K12ZZT ST - "»• 6;V W • 3T - :s - $
\ ,¦ 8^ Til* Lair**t AMtooucal Museum ia the \
Q , >jjr*r_ Wwld. tffitwiw »r any contracted Q
V 5c»SS") di » e "« p*»««l»*ly mmr*4bj the oldeit »
4 flfjgf J DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEM A
\ f (SstoS Ceiwoltttimi free lad ftrktly phr*te. \
U I J#%£ U TrMtnMnt pmoml t or by :<-:er. A n
V m ff »jl ¦ J*»mnwt Curt in trttj anm undertakes. V
/) F if llA ' Writtfor Bovit. pniL««OPnv*f A
V • if I' BtanMcc, mailed Fsaa. {AY
A (X ¦ If voIm^c boo* fo' airs) a
V DWL JOBDAX & CO.. 1M1 MartftSt.S. F. ('
BOSOSRHCEA AND tJRIHARY DI3C3AH0S3.
J8aBir*tejB \ L -JgnSB^
£b?aJ^ rail
A CURE IN 48 HOCB*-DOCTOR'S INSTRUMENTS STOLEN.—Oak
land, Auc 0. — Dr. \VJ D. Huntlngton reported
to the police that a bag containing surgical.In
struments was : stolen to-day from his buggy
while he was attending patients at Providence
Hospital. . { ¦- v. * " ¦.¦,-.-;.-;'¦-,?>¦,
Henry Muir was arrested last night
and his name was, placed on the de
tinue book at the City Prison. He is
alleged .to have- stolen a^bicycle. De
tective O'Dea does not know. that, his
prisoner is a criminal, but with sleuth
like instinct arrested him because he
was trying to dispose of the-wheel.
Henry Muir Is ." Arrested.
HOLLISTER, Aug. 5.— Hollister will
give a two days' celebration under the
auspices of the Native Sons of the
Golden West' on September 9 and 10.
There will be Japanese wrestling on
Friday afternoon after the parade;
automobile . races Saturday morning;
horse races, and a grand ball Friday
evening. — ' - — v_
Admission Day at Hollister.
OLD PIONEER INSANE.— Oakland, Aug. 5.
— Charles Lowe, an octognarlan, was commit
ted to the Stockton . Insane Asylum- to-day.
Senile decay had taken from him his - reason,
and he is laboring under, the delusion that
enemies are after him. He came to California
from Chelaea, Mass., In 1849. . :£SS£?^?Ssi»SWSH
OAKLAND. Aug. G. — The funeral of
T. W. Morgan, former City Engineer
of Oakland, who died Wednesday.- will
take place Sunday at 2:30 o'clock
from his late residence. 611 Nine
teenth street. The Interment will be
private.
Funeral of T. W. -Morgan.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Aug. 5.— Rupiert
Downs, who came very near liberating
himself and all of the prisoners in the
County Jail two nights , ago, pleaded
guilty to burglary in the first degree
this afternoon and was sentenced by
Judge Unangst to' twelve years in Fol
som State Prison. George Forman, hfcj
partner in the crime, was given fivt
years In San Quentln. ,
Bnrglars Are Sentenced.
OAKLAND, Aug. 5. — Thomas M.
Fry, who has been in the jewelry busi
ness in this city for many years, died
at his home at 814 Eleventh street this
afternoon after * a sickness of ain few
days. " He leaves a wife, six sons and
cne daughter.'
Death of Thomas M. Fry.
OAKLAND, Aug. 5. — A recapitula
tion of the figures on the assessment
rolls after the alterations made by the
County Board of Equalization shows
the het Increase of the property valua
tion of the county over last year, to be
$872,878. The total assessment this
year was $107,852,644. A reduction
of $1,517,035 was made by the Board
of Equalization, leaving the grand to
tal $106,335,609. Last year's total was
$105,462,731.
Total Increase $872,878.
BERKELEY, Aug. 6— A Coroner's
Jury in the inquest of ChafTes A.
Schenk, the Southern Paciflc civil en
gineer, who killed himself by taking
strychnine last night at his home at
1610 Oxford street, rendered a verdict
to-night finding that he Imd com
mitted suicide. The testimony of
Sc honk's wife and daughter showed
that the deed was committed while the
deceased was despondent from ill
health. The funeral will be held from
ihe family residence at 10:30 o'cloclc
Sunday morning.
Coroner's Jury Says Suicide.
BERKELEY, Aug. 5. — At the North
Berkeley Improvement Club's meeting
last night several speakers condemned
the practice of permitting students of
the university to practice pedagogy In
the public schools. The matter will be
called to the attention of the Board of
Education. Speeches on the subject
were made by Dr. J. T. Farrar, C. H.
Street and E. J/Martin.
Favor Experienced Teachers.
OAKLAND, Aug. 5. — Penitent and
tearful, Miss Annie Saville, protesting
her desire to mend her ways, was giv
en Into the custody of Miss Anita
Whitney, Juvenile probation officer, by
Police -Judge George Samuels to-day.
The young woman had been arrested
for drunkenness arid later for larceny,
a cellmate, Annie Larsen, identifying
as her own the garments Miss Saville
wore when she was locked up. The
Saville girl, who has barely turned 18
years of age, had been a frequenter
of saloons and had given the police
much trouble. -
Gives Penitent Girl a Chance.
will mean tremendous development for
both Livermore and Oakland.
These mines are said to be the largest
deposit of the ktn'd in the United States,
if not in the world, and it is intended
to compete with the product that is
now being shipped into this country
from the mines in Greece.
."We are practically ready to go to
work," said C. H. Spinks, the manager
of the new company, "and by Septem
ber 1 we will probably have a force
at work. We have' been bothered with
legal details, which have all at last
been settled and the bonds Issued. We
met many tangles" that had to be
straightened out, and, while the deal
was completed some months ago, we
have not been able to get to work be
cause of those tangles. This is one of
the largest deals that has been con
summated in- a long while,; and it
means the bringing of much capital to
California. The property Involved con
sists of twenty-seven mining claims on
the side of lied Mountain, comprising
the largest body of magnesite In the
world." -
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 5.— While talking
to some friends on the steamer St. Den
is as the vesel was about to leave, a
woman whose name could not be
learned lost her balance and fell into
the water. The tide carried her be
neath the pier. Two Mexican boys
jumped into the bay and kept her
afloat until a line could be thrown to
them, when they tied it about the
woman and she was hauled on board.
WOMAN FALLS FROM
STEAMSHIP INTO BAY
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 6. — A big
black bear, accompanied by. a half
grown cub, invaded the camp of Dr.
G. W. Bragdon at West Seattle last
night and made things hum for a
while. The doctor's pet cocker spaniel
tackled the bear and the racket
aroused the doctor, who came rushing
out from hi3 tent in his night shirt,
a revolver in one hand and a lantern
in the other.
One Jook at the doctor and the bear
and her cub took to flight, i The physi
cian gave' the intruders a lively race,
but they finally escaped in the thick
brush. The dog died of Its injuries.
Bear and a Cub Kill a Dog, Cause
Excitement and Escape
Unhurt.
BRUIN INVADES CAMP
IN SEATTLE SUBURB
OAKLAND, Aug. 6. — The Kings
Daughters' Home for Incurables will
celebrate its seventh birthday to-mor
row and the day will be devoted to
receiving friends at the home on
Broadway, near the Fabiola Hospital.
The home now has sixty inmates and
an appeal is made to the friends of
the institution for such birthday gifts
as they feel able to bestow.
Birthday Celebration.
MIss Irmelda Heafy of 466 Twenty
fourth street and Frank Gallagher of
427 Hawthorne street were married in
San Rafael June 30. They did not tell
their friends about it, though their en
gagement was well known.
Miss Catherine Geary of 2156 Chest
nut street and Walter G. Clough of
1225 Twentv-third avenue went to
San Jose last week and were quietly
married in the Garden City. Since
their return they have lived at their
separate homes, but are now engaged
in picking out a home for themselves.
Clough is a brother of the newspaper
man now in the Orient-
OAKLAND, Aug. 5. — Two young
couples have decided that they would
get married first and tell their friends
afterward and all because they wished
to avoid publicity.
T«o Voting Couples Decide to Start
Life Together Without Too
Much Publicity.
FIRST GET MARRIED
THEN TELL FRIENDS
William Small was found guilty of
obtaining money by false pretenses
last night by a jury in Judge Lawlor's
cfuirt. Small obtained $100 from D.
E. Parry^under misrepresentation. He
will be tried on a charge of grand
larceny next Wednesday. The latter
crime was the theft of $1000 worth of
diamonds from Josie Sinkle, whom he
inveigled into giving . him the Jewels
by promising to marry her.
Small Is Found Guilty.
Harry Holcomb, a teamster driving
for R. W. "Bartram, slid off a load of
laths and fell under his wagon, the
wheels passing over his body and in
flicting internal injuries, the extent of
which cannot at present be deter
mined. He was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital and later removed to his
home at 365 Orchard* street.
OAKLAND, Aug. 5. — Patrick Sa
grue, a San Lorenzo farmer, had a
narrow escape from being run over
by the Seventh-street local train this
morning. The engine struck the rear,
wheel of his wagon and turned it over
and threw him out, bruising him con
siderably, but inflicting no serious in
jury. His horses were stopped by M.
Burns, the flagman. SKitf
Two Teamsters Hurt.
REDDING, Aug. 5.— T. B. Walker,
the millionaire timber land king of
Minnesota, is In Redding. Walker owns
over 120,000 acres of fine timber land
in this county in the Fall River and
Burney valleys section. In an interview
to-day he declares it is his desire to
have a railroad from Redding to his
timber holdings. It is more than pos
sible that he will— be instrumental in
building the road.
Millionaire Lumber King of 3Iinnesota
Desires a Lino to Holdings
Near Redding.
WALKER MAY AID IN
BUILDING RAILROAD
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 5.—
Dr. B. W. Everman, chief ichthyologist
for the United States Fish Commission,
arrived at Stanford to-day from a five
weeks' expedition to Mount Whitney,
where he has had charge of a party
of scientists who have been engaged in
determining the peculiarities of the
golden .trout found in the streams of
that region. Several new species of
mountain trout were found on the trip
and much valuable information on the
golden species was gathered. Dr. Ever
man left to-night for "Washington, D.
C, where he will file his report for pub
lication by the Fish Commission. The
other members of the party will return
in about ten days.
Stanford Ichthyologist Returns From
Mount Whitney and Will File
Report at Washington.
GATHERS MORE FACTS
ABOUT GOLDEN TROUT
REDDING, Aug. 5. — Joseph Dunham
if Millville has been laid up for two
weeks on account of a' bite received
from a cat. Dunham was playing with
the cat one evening and the animal bit
him on the hand. At the time no.atten
tion was. paid to the wound, but in a
day or so the hand began to swell and
give Dunham much pain. He was com
pelled to consult a doctor, and it was
feared the bite might prove fatal.
Symptoms Develop and a Physician Is
Summoned to Prevent Fatal
* Outcome.
SERIOUS INJURY RESULTS
. FROM THE BETE OF A CAT
A memorial service for the late
Dr. Theodore Herzl, head of the Zion
ist movement, who died three weeks
ago in Vienna, was to have taken
place last* Sunday in this city, but
was pastponed until to-morrow even
ing, when a memorial prayer service
will be held at Fnal B'rith Hall, on
Eddy street, at 8 o'clock.
Rabbi Isidore Myers, who has just
returned from the East, will deliver
the eulogy and Rabbi M. S. Levy and
J. H. David will be among the speak
ers.
Rev. M*r. Lederman, the well-known
cantor from New York, will recite the
memorial prayer.
Rabbis Myers and Levy, With Other
Speakers, Will Pay Tribute
to Departed.
MEMORIAL SERVICES WILL
BE HELD FOR DR. HERZL
Neighbors and Onc-Time_ Friends Car
ry tlie Dispute Into the Board
of Public Works.
OAKLAND. Aug. 5. — Politics is at
the bottom of a neighborhood row
that has made Matt McGinnoss and
John Denahy, one-time friends, the
bittereFt of enemies. The trouble
cropped out in the Board of Public
Works to-day. McGinness declares
Denahy has prevented him from get
ting a permit to move a cottage to
the McGinness lot on Adeline street,
near Fifth, which is opposite the
Denahy domicile.
McGinness avers that he bought a
•four-roomed cottage at Third and
Clay streets, purposing to move it and
renovate the house as a place of res
idence for himself. To gain the re
quired permission it was necessary to
get the written consent of a number
of property owners on each side of
• the loU — There Denahy blocked Mc-
Ginness. according to the latter's
plaint.
"It was all because Denahy couldn't
carry the precinct for Pardee at the
last election," said McGinness. "Den
ahy was for Pardee strong. I was
also for Pardee, but first I was for
Joe Kelley for Supervisor, who car
ried the precinct by eight vote3. And
that's what is the matter. Now, if
Denahy don't give way J'H build a
' barn on the lot and I'll put up a Chi
nese laundry next door to Denahy, for
I hold a lease to that lot."
POLITICS CAUSES FEUD
OVER I JO USE MOVING
Each of the twenty-six parlors in
San Francisco has contributed S50 to
the celebration fund.
The local parlors of Native Sons and
of Native Daughters are preparing to
open headquarters, where receptions
and reunions will be held on Admis
sion day.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— That the State
celebration in this city of Admission
day under the direction of the Native
Sons of the Golden West , shall be ia.
success the general committee of ar
rangements has issued a call to the
public for funds with which to meet
the expense of the day.
The sub-committee on ways and
means, composed of Harry G. Wil
liams, Oscar Luning, F. J. Moffltt,
George S. Meredith, William J. Bac
cus, W. B. Quigley Jr., R. J. Mont
gomery, J. R. Knowland, A. H. Breed,
E. G. Buswell Jr. and Henry Henken,
has issued a circular directinc atten
tion to the event. Special note has
been made of the fact that the Tri
ennial Conclave of the Knights Tem
plar will be in session on September
9, and the Knights Templar commit
tee has reserved that day for Oak
land, that thousands of visiting Sir
Knights may have an opportunity to
visit this city and its environs.
Cbntributionsjuay be sent to Harry
G. Williams, chairman of the ways
and means committee, or to .Frank
Barnet, treasurer of the Admission
day celebration committee. Head
quarters are at the Merchants' Ex
change, Central Bank block.
Native Sons Request the Public to
Take Notice of the State Ob
servance in Oakland.
CALIi FOR FUNDS FOR
ADMISSION DAY - FETE
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 5.— The suit of
the Bank of California against Secre
tary of State Curry to restrain the lat
ter from Issuing a charter to the Italian
Bank of California came up on demur
rer before Superior Judge Hughes this
afternoon. Judge Hughes sustained the
contention of the Bank of California
that the title of the Italian Bank of
California was an Infringement on the
former's name. "\
I The court was not sure, however, of
its power to issue the permanent writ
prayed for and took this point under
advisement. A. Sbarboro, president of
the Italian-American Bank of San
Francisco, was present and stated that
he Would file a suit against the new
corporation for infringing on the name
of his bank, provided the Bank of Cali
fornia suit failed.
Judge Grants Temporary Injunction
Against Italian Institution, 'but
Withholds Permanent Writ.
BANK OP CALIFORNIA
WINS FIRST POINT
As a mark of esteem Professor Albin Putz
ker'e class in German at the summer school
presented him with two valuable volumes of
the Fleugel dictionary of the German language,
the presentation having been made by L. A.
Stoin of Grass Valley yesterday.
Raymond Carter '02 has returned to Berke
ley after spending two years in New York,
where he was successful with his drawings
and art work. While a member of the univer
sity his cartoons appeared In the Blue and
Gold and attracted attention because of their
high merit. He expects now to devote himself
exclusively to magazine illustrating.
BERKELEY. Aug. 5. — The excavation in the
Hillegass tract for the new football stadium
is about finished, the top dressing cf soil that
vas first removed so that the clay strata could
be excavated to a proper depth having been
nearly all replaced. There remains now to
build tha bleachers, for which the contract
will soon be let. The total cost of the work
will be between $13,000 and $14,000. the ex
cavation alone costing $4000. The plans call
for the erection of the bleachers upon the high
banks of earth that were formed around the
field with the material removed. All the ex
pense of building the stadium will be mot by
the Associated Students. The field will tx?
ready in time for the fall football gamee.
Emll R. Abadi*,. the crack 100-yard sprinter,
will represent the university at the Olympian
games in St. Louis. Ralph Rose, the Healds
burg giant, who broke so many records In the
East this spring, will go as a Californlan. too.
The«e men have been selected as California's
defenders at St. Louis by the Pacific Amateur
Athletic A»?ociation.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
FRIDAT. AUGUST 3.
Frances L. Peterson (widow) to Mary B.
Gordon (widow), lot on Vf line of Myrti*
street. 103.17 S of West Sixteenth, S 32 by
W 10O. block 591. Boardman's Map; $ .
Janet E. Mason (single) to John A. Erlttoa.
lot 1. block 8. Santa T* Tract No. 5. Oakland
1100.
D. R. and Mary A. McXelU (wife) to De!U
Con way (single), lot 9. Idora Park Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Isabel B. and Benjamin T. Mouser to Paul
ena Hinch (wife of Joseph T.). lot on SE c. r
uer of Birch and Maple streets F. On by 8
120. lot €0, Temescal Park. Oakland; $!•>.'
M. and Catherine McCann (wife) to O. L.
Flu. lot 21, block 81. Whitcher** Map of
Northern Addition. Oakland; $3.
' Charles A. Schenk to Eugenie SchenX. lot
on W line of Oxford street. 121:1 S of Cedar.
S 50 by W 136:5, lot 13, block D. Percy Tract.
Berkeley; gift.
Ed3on B. and Elizabeth F. Spltler to Kath
erlne C. Dutton (wife of Harry A.), lot on 9
line of Ashby avenue (Mason). 80 W of Grove
street. S 35.84, W 1.13. S 38. W 40. N* 70.61. B
42.40. to beginning, portion of lots IS. 19 and
20, ' block 7. map of subdivision of block 7.
Central Park Tract, Berkeley; $ .
William M. and S. A. Betts (wiTe) to P. N.
Greeley. lot on S line of Stuart street. 114:3
E of Telegraph avenue V,' 114:3 3 4l5:tS. E
123, N 44:10. lot C. and portion of lot 5. block
T, Leonard Tract, Berkeley; also lot on 9
line of Stuart street. 401:7 W of Regent, B
ISO. S 1H3. W 170. N 104 :». to beginning;, lots
1. 2 and 3, portion of lots 4 and 5. block T,
same. Berkeley; $10.
II. and Asnes Spatz Haiich to Anna M. H.
Neville (wife of F. It.), lot on N line of Santa
Clara or Jefferson avenue. 220 W of Prospect
street. W 60 by X 15O; $10.
Horace C. Platt to Thomas C. Van Ness, lot
on E line of Chester street. C50 N of Eijrhth.
N BO by E 1-5. lot 20. map subdivision of
property of John Zlegenbein, surveyed Auguv,
1S73. Oakland: $10.
\V. C. and Marie Louise Ames to A. F. and
Alice Alrd (wife), lot on E line of Magnoll*
street, 118:3 N of West Tenth. N 30 by E
128:3, blcck 003, Boardman's map. Oakland;
»10.
O. C. and Malene Gundersen (wife) to
Charles and Augvtsta. C. Behnke (wife), lot be
ginning at SE corner of lot 11. block O. W
40. N to S line of Stanford avenue. NE to NB
corner of lot 11, S ICO to beginning. b*\ng E 40
feet of lot 11, block O, map Paradise Park.
Oakland; $10.
Frank II. Graham (single) to C. A. Youn*
(single), lot on E line of West street. 5ft N of
Twentieth. N S5 by E l«0. being S 35 feet of
lot 2. Curtis & Williams Tract. Oakland; $10.
Paulena and Joseph T. Hinch (husband) to
Isabel B. Mouser (wife of B. T.). lot on N
lino of Thirty-second street, 43O E of Grove.
E 50. X 148.70, W BOSS. S 15.T5S. lot 11. block
2043. Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
M. and Eliza E. RInehart (wife) to Evelyn
H. Shaw (single), lot 1. block A, map Bella
Vista Park. East Oakland: $10. 6 .
Mary E. and H. H. Dobbins (husband) to
Marion E. Donogh, lot on N Hn» of Rnae straff.
5O W of Ppruce. W 13 by N 127. portion lots
2S to 30 block 23. Berkeley Villa Association.
Berkeley; $10.
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to Robert
Greig. E 105 feet of lots 11 and 12. block 10t
McGee Tract, portion plat 67. etc., Berkeley;
$10.
Scipio O. and Angelina Ratto (wife) to Ed
ward T Paulsen, lot 16. block B. Janes Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
John J. O'Rourke and Ester C O'Rourk*.
(wife and as attorney) to Basil K. Denbigh,
lot on S line of University avenue at line di
viding plats P4 and 62, thence alonjr ("aid
dividing line BE 17 feet to center of Straw
berry Creek, thence SW 12.20. SE 121. NE
54.40. NW 137.65. SW 33.87. to beginning, por
tion of plats 62 and «4. Kellersberger'ii Maj»
of Ranchos V. and T>. Peralta. Berkeley: $10.
John J. Darrah (single) to Adam and Mary
C. Guenther (wife). lot on W line of Adel'.n*
street, 231:4 S of Falrvlew. W 117:4 to a
point on line parallel with Falrvlew. J6O E
from E line of Regent- street Homestead. 9
38.05, E 103.03. >T 40. to beginning, block 2.
map of property of A. B. Dlxon at Alcatras
station. Berkeley: $10.
Eliza McMeeken (single* to Louise M. Me-
Cann (wife of F. W.}, lot on NW corner of
Pacific avenue and Oak street. W 50 by N 10O.
portion of lot 0. block CO. lands adjacent to
Enelnal; Alameda: deed given in correction of
deed between same parties July 25. 19O4; $10,
3IARYLAND WILL SmSb
ITS INTEREST IN CANAL
State to Dispose of Stock Which Has
Been the Cause of Much
Worrtanent.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 5. — The Board
of Public Works has decided to sell
the interests of the State of Maryland,
amounting to $30,000,000 in the Ches
apeake and Ohio canal to the highest
bidder/ The stock It was supposed
the State had been holding: for many
years cannot be found and no evidence
has come to light that It ever existed.
dovernor Warfleld has been quoted
as saying that neither the Treasurer,
Controller nor himself has been able
to trace any receipts showing that the
State ever had an Interest in the canal,
but that there was no doubt as to tha
legal rights of the commonwealth, la
the property.
KEG OF POWDER IN
A BURNING RESIDENCE
SAN^DIEGO, Aug. 5.— During a fire
which destroyed a large . two-story
house at the corner of Twelfth and K
streets to-day one of the firemen dis
covered a 25-pound keg of powder un
der a pile of debris. The flames were
then very near the explosive, which
the firemen carried to a place of
safety. Many persons on .the second
floor had narrow escapes. An Invalid
woman was rescued with much diffi
culty. One man, a Mexican, fell 'and
broke his arm while escaping.
The American Magnesite Company
has bonded itself for $500,000. These
bonds will go to the payment of the
promoters of the mining scheme for
the purchase of the property, and most
of them have Already been, delivered.
The money for the development of the
property'' will come from Chicago. ¦
The mines are loca* ted on the side of
RecT Mountain, oft the dividing line be
tween Santa Clara and • Stanislaus
counties. ¦ The mines are nearly all in
Santa Clara County, with a few claims
in Stanislaus, though ; only a few mfles
south of the Alameda County, line; The
new company will build a' road- from
the rnines on_Ked/ Mountain . to the
Alameda County line, there to connect
with the. road now being built up the
Arroyo" Mocho from LivenViore by the
Aldmeda County Supervisors. The. of
ficials of" the company say! that they
will make Livermore 7 the point on the
railroad through, which they will, do
all of their : work, and that the various
'factories will be located on the : OaR
land water front If the deal v goes
through as the officials outline it it
BONDED FOR $500,000.
The principal use to which magnesite
is put is the manufacture of fire brick
for locomotives', smelters, furnaces and
boilers of all kinds. J. V. Rose, who is
interested in the manufacture of this
brick in Sharon, Pa., is one of the
principal men in the deal. Rose will
organize the Rose Brick Company
and is now in the East. This
company will include his plants
in the East and one -to be erect
ed in Oakland. This__ latter plant
will utilize apportion of the output of
the Red Mountain mine. It is the In
tention to erect a plant that will have
an output of 100,000 bricks a day. This
factory will also turn out a building
brick.
In the reduction of the magnesite ore
a large quantity of carbonic acid gas
is given off. This will be utilized by
the American Carbonic Acid Gas Com
pany, of which John Deere of the Deere
Implement Company will be president
and George A. Wyman, his son-in-law,
will be manager. This company will
also be operated in Oakland.
The third corporation will be the
Plastic Construction Company, of
which Edwin D. Weary of Chicago will
be president and manager and Peter
Burg Jagger of London, England, will
be vice president. These men control
the American rights for the manufac
ture of a patent brick and construction
material, the basis of which is mag
nesite. This material is said to be ab
solutely fireproof and can be made into
flooring and put to many other uses.
This factory will also be located in
Oakland. J .
All of those interested- in the general
deal will have some share in each ona
of the companies. Peter L. Kimberly
of Chicago is said to be. the principal
backer and will be on the board of di
rectors of all the companies. The oth
ers whose names have been mentioned
have Interests financial In each com
pany, but will divide" their managerial
services. •
This company will begin its work
first, opening the deposits of magnesite
on Red Mountain, building roads and
preparing to ship ore to Oakland and
New York..
OAKLAND, Aug. 5. — The American
Magnesite Mining Company will /begin
work on its mine in the Livermore
Mountains September. 1 and with the
announcement of this fact concludes
one of the largest mining and manufac
turing deals that has been made in the
State for many a day. Back of this
deal Is plenty of capital, $500,000 of
which has already been put up in bonds
for the purchase of the property, the
opening of vast mining properties south
of Livermore, and the establishment of
at least three manufacturing plants
upon the shores of San Francisco Bay
in the city of Oakland.
The deeds for the transfer of the
'property and the notification of the
bond issue we're made a few weeks ago,
but the magnitude of the work, the
amounts involved and the plans of the
backers of the enterprises and . their
names have been kept very quiet until
to-day, when, the bonds .for the pur
chase of the * property were delivered.
Now everything is ready to go ahead
and by September 1 men will be at
work on the 'side of Red Mountain
opening up the vast deposits of mag
nesite. ; •
There will be one parent and three
subsidiary corporations. All are backed
by Chicago capital and the Pacific
Coast representatives announce that
the corporations will all be close ones
and that no stock is for sale. It is as
serted that the stopk has all been ap
portioned among those who financed
and those who promoted the deal.
The parent company Is the American
Magnesite Company, organized under
the laws of the State of Maine. This
company has for its president Colonel
G. Watson French of Chicago, who is
interested in the management of sev
eral large steel plants in that section.
H. C. Stilwell of Fruitvale, one of the
California promoters, will remain in
the company as vice president and gen
eral Pacific Coast agent of the products
of the mine and manufacturing com
panies. Frank A. Daily of Chicago will
be secretary, as one of the represent
atives of the Chicago capital, invested.
Gustave F. Fischer of Rubins, Dupey
& Fisher, representing the United
States Steel Corporation, will be treas
urer. Charles H. Spinks of Berkeley
will be manager of the mining propo
sition with E. L. Richmond superin
tendent at the mine at Red Mountain.
EXPECT TO SHIP ORE.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 5.— Permission
has been given this city by the War
Department to make a water park and
boulevard of the strip of land on the
south side of the tidal canal between
Park street and Fruitvale avenue that
is owned by the United States Gov
ernment.
During the carnivals held on the
south bank cf the canal it occurred to
many that that strip of realty con
trolled by the Federal Government
could be so Improved with trees,
lawns, flowers and walks that it would
be one of the beauty spots of the city.
Negotiations were opened between the
City Trustees and the War Depart
ment with the result that the desired
permit has just been received by City
Clerk James V.V Gillogly from Robert
Shaw Oliver, acting Secretary of War.
In his communication Oliver. embodies
the following stipulations:
"That the trees, shrubs and lawns
be planted and cared for without ex
pense to the Government."
"That the Government relinquishes
none of its rights by authorizing the
occupancy of its land for the purposes
set forth." ,
"That this permit is revocable at will
by the Secretary of War."
"That the work herein permitted to
be done shall be subject to the super
vision and approval of the engineer
officer of the United States army in
charge of the locality."
It is intended by the City Trustees
to lay out and improve the strip as
soon as the municipal funds will per
mit of such work.
It is now stated that everything that
has been done for him seemingly has
failed to stay his malady. His wife
and children are afraid of him. While
his condition is believed to be due to
heredity, he having a sister in the
asylum, the direct cause Is attributed
to a terrific beating he got in the prize
ring .here. He had virtually retired
from the fighting game, but when the
butchers* strike was declared he lost
his job and took on a match and got
terribly punished.
The family of Charlie Tye, the light
weight prizefighter, has concluded that
his mental condition is such that he is
dangerous to be at large. A warrant
was sworn to before Deputy District
Attorney Ilynes by A. M. Freeman,
his brother-in-law, this afternoon,
charging him with insanity.
It was only about three months ago
that he was before the Insanity com
mission, but so much was promised
for him by his" friends in the way of
care and attention that he was al
lowed his liberty in the hope that quiet
would restore him to his normal condi
tion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, August 5.
With the close of the summer school
to-day at the University of California
after a period of six weeks, there came
the usual bustle among faculty and
students and the hurry to get trunks
and baggage out of town on the first
train. Few of the European and East
ern members of the faculty lingered a
moment after their final lectures, the
one idea being to get started on the
way across the continents. All that
are left now consist of California fac
ulty and students waiting for the reg
ular college year to open.;
.Of the Easterners, the only laggards
are eight, who will stop over on their
way out of the State at Regent Charles
Wheeler's home on the McCloud River
in Shasta : County; where President
Wheeler will also be a guest. --/h
All through the session the visiting
members of the faculty have been
wined and dined and feted, so that
most of them are surfeited with din
ners and receptions. They have been
entertained by President Wheeler and
President David Starr Jordan, Dean
Leon J. Richardson and by most of the
prominent professors of the California
faculty. Professor Hugo de Vries of
the University of Amsterdam and Pro
fessor Svante August Arrheniua of
Stockholm have been the guests of
Luther Burbank of Santa Rosa, Be
sides these individual entertainers,
there have been functions in honor of
individual members of the Harvara
Club, the Unitarian Club, the Wiscon
sin Club, the Stanford Faculty Club
and the California Faculty Club.
In point of numbers, aside from the
important character of the personnel
of the faculty, this session has been the
largest in the history of the university
summer schools. The revised figures
show that the total number of registra
tions this year was 913 students,
against 859 last year, which was then
the largest of any previous school.
There were 1400 applications, with 933
qualifications and 20 withdrawals, leav
ing 913 as the net result.
These results are so flattering that
It will take a special effort to keep up
the high standard In numbers and fac
ulty next year. Professor Wheeler feels
that he is justified now in inviting to
the coast the most noted savants. Al
ready Hne3 have been laid to secure for
the next session mdn from the East and
Europe who have added so much to
the store of the world's knowledge by
their scientific work.
The summer session of the Pacific
Theological Seminary, the first of the
kind ever undertaken by that school,
closed its doors to-day after being
open two weeks. Seventy students were
enrolled and a course of lectures was
given by divines invited from the East
and from among the clergy of Califor
nia. So successful was the school that
it will be repeated next year, except
that its scope will be much more com
prehensive.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
<*' 214S Center Street, Aug. 6.
j Regulations covering weight of
structures, thickness of fire walls, par
titions and all matters of construction
detail are .provided. A maximum fine
of $500 is imposed for violation of any
of the provisions of the ordinance.
OAKLAND, Aug. 5. — An ordinance
to regulate building operations In this
city has been recommended for pass
age by the Ordinance and Judiciary
Committee of the City Council. Coun
cilman W. J. Baccus, author of the
measure, introduced the proposed
law several months ago. It has been
amended slightly by the committee
and is now ready for reference to the
Council.
The bill creates the office of Build
ing- Inspector at a salary of $150 a
month, under control of the Boatd of
Public Works. A fee schedule Is pro
vided, by which builders will be
charged for inspection on a sliding
scale accarding to the cost of struc
tures. The fees proposed follow: For
the first $100 of cost a fee of $2 is
collected; for every additional $1000
up to $10,000, $1; $10,000 to $30,000,
50 cents; $30,000 to $50,000, 2J>, cents,
and for, every thousand of cost there
after 20 cents.
Provision is made for all kinds of
structures, plans of which. must be
filed and must be approved by the In
spector before work can proceed. .
Height of structures is limited, as
follows:
, Wooden frame buildings, 60 feet;
all brick buildings, 80 feet; steel
frame buildings, 250 feet.
f ak!and Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, August 5.
Saloons frequented by women have
been placed under the special eye of
the Police Department. Detail's 'of pa
trolmen have been quietly keeping tab
on some of the resorts where. It Is
charged, women have frequented and
have been seen under the Influence of
liquor. Results from the Investigation
accrued to-day trhen charges were
filed with the Police Commissioners
against the saloon conducted by J.
Breen. Seventh and Brush streets, and
the Ver.ezia gardens, D72 . Seventh
street, operated by* Charles S. Moore
and Peter McColgan.
According to the reports filed by Po
licemen Thomas Pardoe, J. P. Scan-
Ian. P. McKeegan and C. H. Bock.
Breen has permitted women and chil
dren to frequent his saloon and to al
•low intoxicated wc-men to ha seen en
tering and departing from the place.
Supplementing his report. Patrolman
.Paidee declares that he was threaten
ed by Breen. who said, when he heard
that complaint was to be made against
his saloon: "Pardee, 1 have got it on
you. I have four witnesses who saw
ycu get four cigars and a drink of gin
in my salc-on."
Pardee declares this is false and has
requested the Commissioners to make
a.n investigation. .
Concerning the Venezia gardens,
Serpreant of Police Frank Lynch, Pa
trolmen Scanlan and Pardee report
that intoxicated women were often
eeen in the resort, that the gardens
were conducted in a low way and
Lynch is of the opinion that the com
munity would be benefited if the place
were closed.
The charges will go before the Li
cense Committee of the City Council.
Beating Received " in the
Ring Seems to Have Un
hinged Pugilist's Mind
Men of Money Will Also Es
tablish Three Large Fac
tories on the Bay Shore
Patrolman Pardee Declares
That One Liquor Dealer
Tried to Intimidate Him
Ordinance Will Cover the
Weiglit, Width, Thickness
and All Minor Details
City Trustees Are Success
ful in Their Negotiations
With the War Department
Successes Justify the Am
bitious Efforts to Better
Results for Next Year
STRIP TO BE IMPROVED
THE FACULTY LEAVES
VIOLENCE IS FEARED
1XFO153I COMMISSIONERS
MAKES HEIGHT LIMIT
SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
Bill of Councilman Baccus
Is Recommended to the
Council by the Committee
Family of the Lightweight
Fighter, Di«ading^His Ac
tions, Swear~to Complaint
Eastern Capitalists Beady
to Develop Magnesite Mine
in Livermore Mountains
File Charges Against Two
Resorts on Ground That
Women Frequent Places
Sessions, at the University
and Theological Semi
nary Come to a Finish
Permission Is Given City
by Federal Government
to Use Land Near Canal
POLICE START
SALOON FIGHT
ALAMEDA PLANS
A MARINE PARK
MA Y REGULATE
BUILDING WORK
TYE CHARGED
WITH INSANITY
WILL OPERATE
ON BIG SCALE
SUMMER SCHOOL
DOORS CLOSE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE : SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SATURDAY, .- -AJJGUST 6, ,1901.
KENTZ* CHARGES CONTINUKD.-^Oakland;
Aug. 5. — The Board of. Police and Fire Com
missioners io- day post poned action on chaises
filed against Patrolman Carl E. Kent*, owing
to Mayor Olney's absence. :*¦';"',*;• -
SONS GET MOKEY. — Oakland. Aug. 5 _.
The final tilttribution of the estate cf the lat»
Mrs. Karah and 311kb Naoroe Wakefield. who
were 'iron-ned In the wr«-k of the etoam«<hln
Rio Janeiro, was onJered to-day by Judge
Ellsworth. The property is valued at fUs.fuO
anj is Olvlied between 6am Bell and Frank W.
6
'BKAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
. 1016 Broadway.
Telephone 3Iain 1083.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
, ALA3IEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
Aching Teeth
Delay Business
As a matter of fact, hcrwever. teeth
never ache — It Is the nerves. • Never
mind, call it what yoi* like, we can cure
it. We will save the achera If possible.
That is. if you wish. Or will extract
them without pain. Fine dental work
for little money
Gold Fillings. .$1.00 Silver PUlinr*. .50o
Gold Crowns. .53.00 Per celaia Crowns.. 33
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TAYI.0B ST.. SAH rSAHCISCO.
973 Washington St.. Oakland.
San Jose. ¦ • • Sacrament--SATURDAY. AUGUST 0.
Sun rises 5:17
Sun sets • ~i\\\
Moon rises,.. ..0:23 a. m.
0 ITimej ITime ITlmel nrtmel
* ' Ft. I Ft. ! i Ft. I Ft.
* I L W < |H W |L W| |H W|
6 1 1:001 oil 7:50| 3.5|12:27| 2.7|~g746T 5.3
The. tiro* ball on the tower of the Ferrj
bullJinsr was dropped Exactly at noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th , meridian or al
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgraphic Office, U. S. N. Mer
chants" Exchange. San Francisco' Cal
August 5. 1904.
P.arra«* transferred to ana from all trains,
etc*nier«. etc. at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 25 cents: round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 308 Taylor «t., 650 Market
rt.. Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 46*
Notice t*» Passengers.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Hve Oak Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America will give a
Fbcla.1 In the banquet hall of the Xa-
Hive Sons' building on the evening of
Friday, August 12. The committee
having charge of the affair has ar
ranged a pleasing programme of en
tertainment.
Lire Oak Social
The bark St. Katherine called yesterday for
Hilo with an assorted merchandise cargo, val
ued at $54,100 and Including the following:
J»25 bbls flour, 1»9 ctls wheat, 3136 ctls barley,
0831 gals win*. «« pkgs salmon, 1 11.. r »32 ft lum
ber, 293 lbs dried fruit, C7 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 353 lbs 5 cs meals, CS pkgs agri
cultural Implements, 2 cs arms and ammuni
tion. 11.251 lbs beans. 122,641 lbs brain, C?U»
lbs bread. 26 cs boots and shoes. 1697 lbs but
ter. 40 casks beer, 75 cs coal oil. 252 lbs 1 cs
chocolate/ 210 cs assorted canned Roods. 503
lbs cheese, 3200 lbs codfish. 163 ctls corn, 10
pkes fresh fruit. 1.116,000 lbs fertillrer, 58»
lbs rarlic. 25 cs gasoline. 772 bales hay, 30
bdls iron, 3060 lbs lard, SOO bbls lime, 64 pkRS
millwork. 20 tins matches, 52,545 lbs mid
dlings. 11 pkgs onions. 140 ctls oats, 20 pes
pipe. 177 pkgs paper. 11 kegs powder, 200 pkgs
potatoes, 705 lbs paste. 77,400 lbs rice. 02 500
lbs ealt. 225 bxs soap. 9403 lbs sugar. 3805 lbs
tobacco. 048 gals vinegar, 2 cs liquors, 4T gala
2<> cs whisky.
A Cargo for Hilo.
Th<» steamer Argyll was cleared yesterday
for Honolulu with 34,600 bbls crude oil In
bulk, valued at ?4?.3C0. and 5 drums distil
late, valued at $50.
Crude Oil for Honolulu.
The German ship Wandsbek is free and not
chartered for lumber from Puget Sound to
Cork, as previously reported.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Francois is chartered for
wheat and barley to Europe.
NEWS OF THE. OCEAN.
George Hansen. George Doan and George
Tripp were arrested yesterday by Policeman W.
Henneberry and charged with having frtolen a
vegetable wagon belonging to J. Garibaldi. -
Charged With Theft.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ala
meda, Captain Dowdell, will sail at 11 o'clock
this mornln* for Honolulu. She will take a
full cargo and about two score passengers.
Alameda for Honolulu.
The British ship John Cooke arrived yester
day at Rotterdam from Sydney and the Italian
ship Marie has reached Adelaide from Tacoma.
Both vessels were overdue and each was quoted
for reinsurance at 1O per cent. The rate on
the Norwegian bark Remonstrant has been ad
vanced to 25 per cent. The Earnmount l»
quoted at 10 per cent and the Pionier at 35
X>er cent.
The Overdue Ust.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company's liner
China will sail to-day fcr the Orient. She
will carry Rome passengers, but no freight
for any port within the war rone. Governor
George R. Carter and Mrs. Carter will re
turn to Honolulu on the China, which will
carry altogether ninety cabin passengers, forty
five Japanese and 150 Chinese.
China Will Sail To-Day.
There will be an animated contest at
the primary election in Los Angeles
next Tuesday. Judge J. W. McKinley
was in San Francisco yesterday. He is
of the opinion that the Frank P. Flint
forces will win the victory over Bard's
supporters. Walter Bacon, who was
one of the managers of U. S. Grant's
campaign in the memorable Senatorial
contest at Sacramento, is leading the
Oxnard forces in the south. General
Harrison G. Otis, Thomas Hughes and
former Senator R. N. Bulla are recog
nized leaders of the Bard column. Re
ports come from the south that the
Democratic machine of Los Angeles
will lend a hand in opposition 'to BarJ
and Oxnard. •
Senator Bard has grown steadily from the
moment he entered the Senate In the esteem
and confidence of his fellow Senators. Senator
Bard ia^courage itself. He will stand alone i*
needs be for what he thinks is right.
I,OS AXGEU2S PRI3IARY.
Senator Beveridge writes:
It given me pleasure to state unhesitatingly
that Senator Bard has achieved a high place
among his colleagues in the Senate.
There Is no member of the Senate who has
more absolutely the respect of every one of
his associates than Senator Bard. There Is
no one who has greater Influence with them
than he has. He Is a thoroughly upright and
honest gentleman, wise and far-sighted, fully
acquainted with the interests of California, in
dependent and likely to be found always on
the side of "righteousness, which exalteth a
nation," and of large and brave policies which
make a nation stronz and happy.
Senator Allison says:
on August 3 indorsed Senator Bard in
positive terms.
United States Senators Hoar of Mas
sachusetts, Scott of West Virginia,
JBeverldge of Indiana, Warren of Wyo
ming, Burrows of Michigan, Quarles of
Wisconsin, Allison of Iowa, Foraker of
Ohio and Cullom of Illinois pay splen
did tribute to the worth and character
of Senator Bard. Senator Hoar writes:
California Lodge No. 1 of the
Knights of Pythias will entertain its
members and their friends in Golden
Gate Hall on the evening of Monday,
August 8, with a pleasing programme
of farce and vaudeville numbers. Pub
lic Administrator Billy Hynes will
take part". The farce, "Chums," will
be presented by the following 1 mem
bers of the Y. M. C A., who belong to
the Strolling Players' Dramatic Club:
M. Breed, George R. Brockman. Harry
Breed, William McLander, Thomas
Burnham, Edgar Stolz, Flora Strong.
Miss B. Dillon, Mrs. Breed and A. C.
Deckelman. After the show there will
be dancing.
Knights of Pythias Entertain.
The ladies in charge of the enter
tainment ivere Mrs. J. Keenan, presi
dent; Mrs. D. McHugh, Mrs. F. A.
Keliy, Mrs. M. Murphy and Mrs. M. E.
Papauaches. Following was the pro
gramme:
Lola'a Ditty. "My King cf Reeet" (Cavalle
rta") 'Mascagr.0. Maria Roeckel; "Flower
fifing" r"F%"ust") fGounod), Maude Stelllng;
"La Habanera 1 VCarrnen") < Bizet). Farlta Ma
4ero; aJr, * - La Dona. • Mobile"' <"Rii»oIetto")
«Vert!). Master Jerry O'Connor: Frlnnln^ and
Jewel Sor.«r ("FauFt") fGounod), Maria Roeck
el; BrlndiM fCavalierla") (Maecapnl), Joven
Pepito Fcrresflo; duettino ("II Trovatore' 1 )
?\>rfll>, Earlta Madero ana Eric Davis: bal
lad. "Mayb*" (Romv), Master Erneet Doyle:
ftryienne, "Once I Knew a Poor Tounip Child"
<"MUrnon") 'Th^maiO. Elizabeth Davlg; laugh
lr.r quartet ("Kine'e Folly") <ChapI); Ktnjr,
Msj-'.a. Roeckel: Admiral, Irene Pcott: Chum
berlain, Eva. Ancion; General. Peplto Fer
ranflo; Mrr.e. Elkn Coursen-Roeckel, pianist.
Madame Coursen-Roeckel's juvenile
Pattls and De Reszkes gave a recital
at St. Brendan's Hall yesterday for
the benefit of St. Brendan's Church
lair. The pure, clear voices of the
children in grand opera selections de
li'ghted a large audience.
'¦- Little - Sarita lladero sang "La
Habanero" from '"Carmen" with a
spirit wonderful in such a tot. She
was a Colamai-ini in miniature. Lola's
"DItt5 - " from "Cavalleria Rusticana,"
rung by Maria Roeckel, would have
d,rarrn thunderous bravos from an
Italian audience. Master Jerry O'Con
nor, sang "La Dona e Mobile" in a
strong, boyish voice.
Madame Courscn-Roeckel's Juvenile
Pupils Are Tenors and Prima
Donnas In Miniature.
CHILDREN" SING OPERA
FOR ST. BREXDA.VS FAIR
Two sugar packets arrived yesterday from
Hawaiian ports. Both made long passages.
The schooner Rosamond was thirty-six days
coming from Honolulu and the bark Edward
May thirty-seven days making the run from
Makawell. The Rosamond brought 2.S.447 bags
of sugar and the May 23.000 bags. Each boat
brought a few passengers.
Sugar Packets Arrive.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aue G — Stmr Jefferson,
from Skagway. ¦
ASTORIA— Palled Au* 6 — Stmr Geo W
Elder, for San Francisco..
REDONDO— Arrived Aug: 6— Stmr Centralia,
from Port Harford.
Sailed Aug 5 — Schr Azalea, for Eureka.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 5— Schr Irene, from
Astoria.
Sallfd Aue 8 — Bktn Amazon, for Sydney.
TATOOSH — Passed in Aug B — Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Aug 1 for Seattle; Br stmr
Totfnham, from Astoria, for Puget Sound
and Tslntau.
Passed out Aug u — Bktn Fullerton, from
Seattle, for Portland, Ore.
Passed In Aug 5— Stmr Oregon, from Nome,
for Seattle.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Auk 5— Bktn Che
halis. for San Francisco.
BELLINGHAM— Sailed Aug 5-^Br bark
Ventura, for Sydney.
EUREKA— Sailed Aug 4— Stmrs South Bay
and Navarro, for Ban Francisco.
Arrived Aug 5— Stmr Rival, hence^ Aug 3.
Sailed Auk K— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Lakme, for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 5— Stmr Na
tional City, from Redondo; etmr Santa Cruz,
from Port Harford.
failed Aug "• — Schr Willie R Hume, for Bal
lard; bktn Maka well, for Puget Sound.
NOME— Sailed July 30— Stmr St Paul, for
Seattle.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 4— Schr
Esth'r Buhne. for San Francisco; stmr New
burg. for San Francisco. Auk 5 — Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
Arrived Auk 5 — Schr Sophie Chri»tensen,
hence July 22.
Sailed Aug 5 — Schrs Marlon, Jessie Minor
and James A Garfldd and stmr G C Lindauer,
for San Francisco; schr C A Thayer, for Guay
mas: echr Excelsior, for San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Aug 4— Schr W F
Wltzemann. for San Francisco.
Sailed Aug 6— Schr Ida Schnauer, for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Aug 5— Schr Lud
low. for San Pedro.
ST MICHAELS— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, from Seattle.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr
Gualala. for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Aug 5— Stmr
Gualala. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Aur 6 — Br stmr
Stanley Dollar, for Shanghai.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived Aug 5— Bktn S G
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT LOBOS, Aug 5, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 23 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
July 31— Lat 3S N, long 142 W, echr Rosa
mond, from Honolulu, for San Francisco.
July 13 — Lat 2 S, long 37 W, Fr bark Gen
eral Faldherbe. from Swansea, for San Fran
cisco.
July 17 — No ocsltion given, Fr bark Vin
cenncs. from Swansea, for San Francisco.
July 21— Lat .'«t N, long 35 W, Br bark
Cumbrian, from Callao, for Holyhead.
Per Br shiD Wanderer, from Antwerp Atjg
5. on July 0— Lat 10 N, long 117 W, Br ship
Routenburn, from Newcastle, Eng, for San
Francisco
TELEGRAPHIC
• Friday, August 6.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson. Port Rodgers.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Eureka and Coos
Bay.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Gray, Moss Landing.
Hark St Katherin'. Saunders, Hilo. !
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Bolinas.
Schr Newark. Rcinertsen, Bowens Landing.
SAILED,
CLEARED
Friday, August 6.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamehlp Company.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego,
etc: Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Argyll, Gllboy, Honolulu; Union Oil
Company.
ARRIVED
Friday. August 5.
U S stmr Perry. Scholfleld, IS hours from
Santa Barbara.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson. 7 hours from
Port Rodgers. . .
Stmr Coos B#y, Johnson, 60 hours from
Newport.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, 42 hours from
Bandon.
Stmr South Bay, Jamieson, 26 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
mocn Bay.
Br ehlD Wanderer, Dunning, 195 days from
Antwerp, via Dunkirk 160 days.
Bark Edward May, Hansen, 37 daya from
Makawell,
Schr Webfoot, Lewis, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Rosamond, Fernald, 36 days from Hon
olulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. I Due.
Coronado San Tedro |Aug. 0
Redcndo San Pedro IAU£. tj
Chas. Nelson. | San Pedro |Aug. C
Newburg j Grays liarbor |Aug. »:
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma jAug. C
Pomona ' Humboldt Aug. 0
Doric ! China & Japan |Aug. 6
Arcata I Coos Bay & I't. Orford'.Aug. «
G. Dollar | Grays Harbor !Aur. • 7
Arso ; Eel River Ports |Aug. 7
Arctic Humboldt I Aug. 7
G. W. Elder..' Portland & Astoria |Aug. 7
Ra/nses Seattle I Aug. 8
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. |Aug. 8
Del Norte Crescent City jAug. 8
State of Cal..! San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 8
Breakwater..! Coos Bay Aug. 8
Ventura j Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 8
Iaqua Seattle Auk. 8
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. Aug. 9
City Puebla. . I'uget Pound Ports Aug. a
Corona Humboldt Aug. a
Rainier I Seattle & BellinKham. . Aug. $>
Centralla San Pedro , Aug. it
Eureka Humboldt : Aug. 9
Wyefield Nanaimo Aug. 10
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 10
City Peking.. New York via Panama. Aug. 10
Aurelia Portland & Astoria IAur. 10
S.Barbara... Flattie & Olympla |Aug. 11
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 11
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria 'Aug. 12
North Fork.. Humboldt |Aug. 12
Coos Bay Ran Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 12
S.Monica Grays Harbor Aug. 13
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Aug. 14
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor 'Aug. 14
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor [Aug. 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. !Aug. 17
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails.! Pier.
{ August 6. I |
Elizabeth..! Coquille River | 5 pm|Pier 20
Redondo... Astoria & l'ortlandj 6 pmjPler 2
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 110 am) Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
China Cliina & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
North Fork.] Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Alame.da... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
City Sydney; N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 4O
Coronado — ; Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
August 7. |
Coos Bay... 1 San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier It
S. Rosa ; San Diego & Way. « am'Pier 11
August 8. j
Montara... Seattle direct I 4 pm Pier 9
C. Nelson.. Humboldt !1O am Pier 20
Argo Kel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Queen I'ugel Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Ppmona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier a
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|10 am Pier 13
AUffUEt 9. I
Samoa Los Armeies Ports. 1 10 am Pier 2
Mariposa... Tahiti direct ill am Pier 7
August 10. | |
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 20
Centralla.. Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pior 10
Arctic Humboldt 12 -mlPler •_>
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am|Pier 24
Breakwater Coos Bay ! J5 pm|Pier 8
August 11. |
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pmjPier 2
Newburg... Grays Haibor J 4 pmjPier 10
Corona Humboldt [l:30p|Pier U
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmiPier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amIPler 11
AugTlBt. 12. I I ¦
Ramses Hamburg & Way.. 12 mlPier 19
Rainier.... Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm|Pier 2
August 13. | I
Newport... N. Y. via Panama. |12 mlPler 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports! 11 am! Pier 9
Aurelia Astoria *: Portland! .IPitr —
August 15. I |
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandjll am|Pier 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Btemtner. Destination. Sails.
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 6
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 6
Oregon Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 10
Bertha. Seldovla & Way Ports. .iujr. 10
Valencia... Skagway & Way I'orts.lAup. 1O
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. | Aug. 12
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward Aug. 12
Garonne Nome direct Aug. 13
Santa Ana... 1 Seldovia & Way Ports. Aug. ltt
NOTE— In the above' exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column of the successive tides of tha
day in order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last, tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occur*. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from 'the' depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the man
of the lower low waters.
May God . have mercy upon your benighted
Idea of striking "the keynote of attack upon
the liquor situation." You are, rather, in
dorsing the key that opens wide the doors to
hell for the army of 100.000 souls who an
nually leave the King's highway and stumble
into drunkards' graves. The present situation
across the water of fifty-five Bishops in the
Church of England as stockholders In brewer
ies and distilleries, with this shameful farce
of a Bishop In the great Episcopal church in
our own land taking a leading part in tho
opening exercises of a saloon, closing same by
singing the Doxolosy, should make every pro
fessed Christ follower in this great Episcopal
church hang his head in very shame.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 5. — The
Kansas City branch of the American
Young People's Christian Temperance
Union strongly disapproves of the
ideas of Bishop Potter of Xew York
with regard to uplifting the moral
tone of the saloon. At a meeting of
the union the matter was discussed
and a letter was addresesd to the
Bishop as follows:
Kansas City Branch Adopts Resolu
tion Strongly Disapproving of Ac
tion of New York Prelate.
BISHOP POTTER DENOUNCED
BY TEMPERANCE WORKERS
Movements of Steamers.
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In Charge.
7 I 1:55! 0.3! 8:55 3.7 1:281 2.71 7:401 5 6
8 12:16—0.219:47 4.1 2:27| 2 7 8:86 5.8
9 I .f:32 — O.»;|1O::55 4.5 3:22 2.61 »:30 6.0
10 1 4:17 —O.S 11:16 4.S 4:11 2.4 10:21 6.0
11 I 5 :02|— 0.8| 11:57| B.Oj 6.02 2.2 11:15 6.9
BRITISH i=HIP WANDERER, WHICH ARRIVED HERE TESTERDAT FROM
ANTWERP. AFTER VOYAGE WHICH VESSEL'S SKIPPER DESCRIBES AS
ROUGHEST AND LONGEST PASSAGE HE HAS MADE IN MANY YEARS.
Sails were blown away and as the
vessel wallowed among the hills and
valleys of angry water the cargo
on the 'tween decks broke adrift.
Bales, barrels and boxes chased each
other across the deck, smashing each
other and distributing samples of gen
eral merchandise from one end of the
'tween decks to the other.
The Wanderer was- sailed into Fal
mouth, where sails were renewed and
the cargo restowed. She resumed the
voyage February 19 and two days
later ran into another heavy gale.
Unable to negotiate the Horn the
Wanderer came by way of the Cape of
Good Hope, where more storms were
encountered. Captain Dunning has
been going to sea for 35 years. The
voyage just ended was the roughest
and longest, he says, that he ever
made.
The Wanderer left Antwerp on Jan
uary 23 in a dense tog, which only
cleared when blown away by a howl
ing southwester. So bad did the weath
er become that Captain Dunning ran
his ship into St. Helens Bay for shel
ter. After a week's detention the voy
age was resumed, but the English
channel was still in surly mood and
another and greater gale took charge
of the Wanderer.
The officers and crew of the British
ship "Wanderer, which arrived yester
day, 1?5 days from Antwerp, have
learned more about storms during the
last six months than many sailormen
discover in a lifetime.
The committee referred to in the
above dispatch was composed of
Bishop Brent of the Episcopal church
(chairman). Dr. Albert, a Finipino, and
Major Carter, president of the Board
of Health of the Philippine Islands. It
visited China, Japan, Burmah, Java
and some of the^Ialay States and was
absent on its labors for five or six
months.
This committee was appointed after
vigorous discussion in Manila of the
proposed opium bill introduced before
the Civil Commission by Commissioner
Smith of California, who went out to
the islands originally as colonel of the
California Volunteers. This bill pro
vided for the creation of an opium
monopoly to control the opium traffic
throughout the entire archipelago, to
be sold by the Government to the high
est bidder. It was strongly opposed
by the missionary element and church
interests in the islands. The matter
was referred from Manila to Wash
ington and the ultimate result of this
step was the appointment of the inves
tigating committee which has Just
turned in Its report.
Wlldcr. from Tacoma; schr Forester, from
Everett.
ABERDEEN'— Sailed Aug 5— Bktn Portland,
for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLOMBO— Sailed Aug 3— Br* stmr Indra-
Bamha. for New York.
VALPARAISO— Palled Ausr 4— Ger stmr
Pentaur, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Ausr 4— Br stmr Stent
nor. from Seattle. •
Sailed Aus 5 — Br stmr Mlowera. for Van-
ADELAIDE— Arrived Aug 5 — Fr bark Marie,
from Tacoma.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aus: 6 — Br ship
John Cooke, from Sydney.
FREMANTLE— Arrived prior to Aug 6— Br
ship Loch Trool, hence April 21.
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Sailed Augr 5— Br ship
Oweenee. for Portland, Ore.
NAVIDAD— Sailed July 10 — Schr General
Banning, for San Francisco.
Tidings come from Tulare that the
Republican convention of that county
The fight in the Republican ranks of
the Thirteenth Senatorial District, em
bracing the Thirty-second and Thirty
fifth Assembly districts, Is warming up.
It appears that Ruef, Lynch and
others of the regular organization gave
the districts a • programme without
taking Dick Welch, the chief wharf
inger, into their inner confidence. The
programme did not embrace the name
of Welch for State Senator to succeed
himself, hence the revolt. Members of
the organization assert that Welch has
no one to blame but himself. He backed
and filled and finally gave out the in
timation that he did not want to run
for the Senate,again.- Consequently the
organization concluded that he was
out of the fight. Richard J. Welch
heads the opposition ticket in the
Thirty-second Assembly District for
delegates to the State convention, and
Robert Gordon heads the list of oppo
sition delegates to the legislative and
judicial convention. The organization
tickets in the Thirty-second District
are headed by John E. Heileman for
Stat» and B. j P. Lagrave for local
convention. Well-posted politicians and
party workers in the district predict
the ruccess of the opposition. Senator
Welch possesses elements of personal
popularity, and in a certain sense
stand:- before the people as an exponent
of the doctrine of home rule. In the
prolonged Senatorial contest which cul
minated in the election of Thomas R.
Bard to the 'United States Senate,
Welch trained with the Burns-Herrin
machine.
BARD IS INDORSED.
There is much conjecture concerning
the attitude of Mayor Schmltz and A.
Ruef in relation to the fight in the
Democratic party. It is intimated that
a sense of gratitude for past favors will
impel the Mayor to help Hearst. If
Schmitz and Ruef should pull down the
labor ticket and order the voters behind
that organization to reinforce the Horse
and Cart column McNab would prob
ably, be repulsed next Tuesday. There
are rumors at the City Hall that the
support McNab is securing from As
sessor Dodge, Coroner Leland, Sheriff
Curtis and Recorder' Godchaux is only
halfhearted. The deputies and clerks
hear that Delmas, Creswell and Me-
Enerrfey are boosting O'Brien and the
subordinates do not want to take a
step that might excite the displeasure
of the transcendent Democrats.
REPUBLICAN RANKS.
SCHMITZ AXD RUEP.
It is gossip all along the line that
E. J. Livernash will be renomlnated for
Congress, even if the battle on Tues
day goes against Hearst and O'Brien.
There is no certainty, however, that
Wynn of the Fifth District will fare
as well at the hands of the Democratic
party as' his colleague of the Fourth.
McNab and the regulars are under no
sort of obligation to nominate Wynn.
The Incident is recalled that Wynn
went to Santa Cruz wearing a Hearst
button. so large thagb it made the Con
gressman look smaller than he really
is. It is the presumption in the corral
of the Horses and Carts that Wwnn is
for O'Brien and Hearst in the present
controversy.
Leaders of the Horse and Cart ring
of the party also expect some help from
the Republican machine on the water
front.' Expectations of assistance from
the Postmaster will not be realized.
Arthur G. Fisk positively asserts that
there will be no interference on his'
part in the affairs of the Democratic
party. Revenue Collector Lynch, If so
minded, might lend a few workers to
Jim O'Brien v in districts where no op
position confronts the regular Republi
can organization, but Gavin McNab,
who has some influence with high of
ficials in Washington, is watching
every move in the Republican camp.
There is even betting In the court of
the Palace Hotel on the outcome of the
fight between Gavin McNab and James
H. O'Brien for the privilege of control
ling the Democratic local convention.
McNab has the advantage which comes
from the control of the regular party
machinery and many of the politicians
who are disinterested observers of the
present war in the Democratic tfamp
predict that the regulars will elect a
majority of the delegates to the conven
tion. The Horses and Carts will need
something better than an even break
in the result at the polls to accomplish
anything in the convention. McNab is
decidedly clever in generalship and
could enter the convention as a leader
of the minority and emerge therefrom
as a director of the majority.
All the observing politicians agree
that O'Brien is putting up a rattling
good fight. If Hearst can be induced
to put some more money into the cam
paign of 1904 the insurgents may cap
ture the convention and dictate the
nominations of the party for the Su
perior Court and Legislature.
LIVERXASIl IS SLATED.
The following officers will accompany
General MacArthur to the camp on
Monday morning at 8 o'clock: Colonel
S. P. Jocelyn, general staff; Colonel
George Andrews. Major Leo Febiger.
Major T. R. Adams, Colonel TV. S. Pat
ten. Captain G. W. Ruthers, Colonel A.
r\ Girard. Major W. B. Rochester and
Captain W. F. Creary. The families of
Colonel Jocelyn and Colonel Patten will
ftay at the Paso Robles Hotel during
the maneuvers.
Everything is now ready at Atasca
dero for the reception of the troops.
Th<- «?xnress office at Asuncion is in
full working order, and the Southern
I*acifie Company has established a res
taurant at that point for the conve
nience of those wishing to visit the
camp.
In order that the men of the regular
army and the militia may get their
mail promptly the authorities have de
cided to establish a tent postofflce at
Camp Atascadero. All letters should
i>e pent direct to this address. There
the first sergeants of each company
vili gather the letters twice a day and
distribute them to the men. This is the
iyitem in use at every large military
ca'rnp. Whether engaged in mimic or
real warfare, the boys in blue want
th^Fe precious letters from home as
oukfcly as possible, and this arrange
rr.f nt insures prompt delivery.
• Al! detraining and entraining of
troop? "'ill take place at Atascadero
The signal car is a stanch affair. It
suffered somewhat during Its transit
across the ccntinent. and its top was
rather demoralized. On its arrival here
It was at once taken to a garage, where
it was put in order. The new machine
w^nt to the front in perfect shape. It
carried a complete outfit for wire re
;• siring, consisting of twelve lances six
teen feel long, two crowbars, a post
bole digger, 100 insulators and brack
ets, coils of wire, thirty-five pounds of
. rails, six axes and six hatchets. At
daybreak this morning the signal car
and convoy will leave San Jose and run
to Monterey, where the party will re
. niain over night. Early to-morrow
morning they will leave Monterey and
" make the run to Paso Robky. where
they will remain Sunday night, and
• early Monday morning they will run
c.ut to the cam?. Major West has ar
ranged to have the details of the trip
carefully kept and every incident of the
run of the car will be officially noted.
Immediately upon arrival at the
camp the car win be rut into use and
- test* will be made daily. During the
. maneuvers, beginning August 13, the
car will follow the troops wherever pos
. Fible.
Major West. Majof* Dunning. Captain
Lyman and T. J. Barbour left at 3
o'clock in a regular everyday auto for
San Jose, where they will wait for the
r»ew car and act as a convoy from that
point for the balance of the trip to the
camp.
The new automobile constructed for
the signal corps of the United States
Government left town yesterday after
noon at 5 o'clock for Camp Atascadero.
It was in charge of Chauffeur S. D.
Hewson and Max Pollner, master sis
ral electrician.
MANILA, Aug. 5.— The opium com
mittee appointed last August by for
mer Governor Taft to investigate the
laws and conditions with regard to
opium in all Oriental countries has ren
dered its report. The committee rec
ommends that the opium traffic should
be strictly a Government monopoly at
once; that at the end of three years
the importation of opium should be
absolutely prohibited, with the excep
tion of that needed for medicinal pur
poses; only confirmed habitues of the
drug who are over 21 years of age to
be. granted a smoker's license; that an
educational campaign against the use
of opium be started in the schools;
that the habitues of the drug be treat
ed free of charge in Government hos
pitals, and that the punishment of Chi
nese found guilty of importing opium
be deportation.
High Tributes to Senator
From Eminent Associates
in National ' Legislature
Urge Authorities to Stop
Importation of the Article
and to 3Ionopolize Trade
¦P<ist<»ilin\ With Complete
Facilities, Is to Be Estab
lished at Camp Atascadero
BAED IS COMMENDED
SUGGESTIONS ABE MADE
31 AIL SERVICE PLANNED
31otor Car for Use in Army
: of Uncle Sam Leaves on
Its Experimental Trip
Betting Is Even on Outcome
of Fight Between McNab
. and the Horses and Carts
Government Investigator?
Make Report Concerning
Use of the Drug in Manila
FORCES ALIGN
FOR PRIMARY
Is More Than Six Months Coming Here From Old World Ports and Meets
With More Than Her Share of Hard Luck— Loses Sails and Shifts
Cargo in the English Channel and Is Unable to Round Cape Horn
WOULD PREVENT
OPIUM SMOKING
SIGNAL CORPS
A U TO STARTS
BRITISH SHIP WANDERER ENDS LONG
AND STORMY PASSAGE FROM ANTWERP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1904.
7
fi Ypi^b OF RO5E5--"HOJHOiJSE:TREf>5il|E5 v -F^fO U/jf*JfJ" /IDU^SISEI^S IflSUJfD/WC/Hk
M-1X PEJIBERTOX
Is a contributor to
THE SU.VDA/ CALL.
Read "DR. XAVIER," the well
Uncnvn story.
£
— _ _ - » 1 PositirelT coxed by
PAKTrPQ the *e Little Pills.
UH F\ I L l\O Tbc X also relieve D13-
EgSp ITTLL digestion and Tco Ilearty
fff E \f |T D Ea":;?. a perfect rera-
fcgj ¦ JL*"!^ edy for Dizziness, Nansea.
E3S PiLLw. DroTTslness, Ead Taste
fftf jfm la tho ilonta. Coated
fLfcAifili^iil Tongue. Pain la the side.
umBim^^ , , I TORPID DYER. Taey
regulate toe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL FILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
'padtcdqI CURE SICK HEADACHE.
LAHltno .
i~3iTTiE Genumo Must Bear
Tg IVER Fac-Simils Signature
W PILLS. ¦» —
.li^JEvery Woman
/?^u TV\a ts Interested *n.l should know
&A iicsiVV^S'HJa about the wonderful
&iwHB MARVEL Whirling Spray
' V* fcNO&iK^WSlT* 1 ' Bew »«ftaU syrhje. Jnjee-
V^xs^V^CiStfSfcsSw tton and Surtion. Be*t-Sat-
ltt!.»s.eiIa.'iMlT.
Ait y»«* <r»C»<«* for It. '^ 'JjSL^ i-f*^^~**"
If he cannot «upp!y the V-. fiSO rT y%T :^5
MARVEL, accept no NiJT^f, %'Pj., -
other, but send I tamp for <Sfa. m^^'////\j
»Instratedbook-.#«&*. It»lTe» =©>, / ''V//Y
full part lcul»r« and rt'.rection* In- rL'ti f SB
Talnable to ladies. SJAKVKIjCO., if./, ,, £
41 Park Row, Xew York.
1S2 New Montgomery, San Francisco, Cal.
William Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.), 234 Satt«r.
Union Drug Co.. 400 Butter and 100 Stockton.
Osgcoi Brothers... 7th and Broadway, OaUand.
Baldwin Pharmacy ll» mils
/^~\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jl_ — <|& 029 HKABXY ST. Established
CW^ «3i!s'" •'•' i '* forth* treatment of Prtv»t<»
r9i_fjffr *3ttSf IVi **' l ' s ". '•"*£ Mananod. Debility nr
G£'j3-SyE£zi<li>.»!iR» TTe:irii!*nn body an<! niliifl »nd
wW*jSireC5j3 s «in Diseases. Tho Doctor nir«»h«n
w*S§5iSPM otllPr * '*"• Tr - V h ""- •' hsr * P! * low '
?%£Lifc£r«JU4 t"-r* gnimnkrd. Cull or write.
nr. J. F. tllBBOS, Han Francisco- CaL
OCEAX TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 0 and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan, Wraof'l.
Juneau, Halnes, Skaguay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Aug.
S. 8. 13, IS. 23. 2S. Sept 2.
Charge to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Pert Townser.d, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
Belllngham— 11 a. m.. Aug. 3. 8, 13. 19. 23. 29.
Sept. 2. Cl»ange at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and G. X. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to M. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomana. 1:30
p. m.. Aug. 2 8, 14. 20. 28, Sept. 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Aug. 5, 11. 17, 23. 20, Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Aneeles and
Redondo). San Dleco and Santa Barbarr. —
Santa Kosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeleg (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). .Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, Kan Sim»on, Cayucoa, Port Harfort (daa
Luis Obispo) Ventura and Huen?m».
Bonita. 8 a. m.. Aug. 3. 11 19, 27. Sept. 4.
Coos Bay, 1) a. m.. Aug. 7. Iff, 23. 31, Sept. 8.
For Kn«enada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazntlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas 'Men.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain fold»r. Right
is reserved to chan** «t«-amers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel".. 10 Market st.. »nd Broad-
way wharves, rreiarht OCca, 10 Market st.
C. D. IjUNAXN General Passenger Agent.
10 Market yt.. San Franci3co.
Thi* Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 9utt-r sit., win
call for and ch<v?l£ baggage from hotels and
residences. T#lephcn«» Exchange 312.
AHEBICAZT XJirS.
Flymontli — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From Xew York. Saturday?. 9:30 a. m.
Philadelphia ..Auk. 1"|New York Aug. 27
St. Louis Auk. 20|st. Paul S*pt. 3
ATLANTIC TEANBPOBT LINE.
H«w Vcrk — London Direct.
Mlnneap .Aug. i:\, 7 amiMntnk .Aug.27.«:.".O am
Mesaba ..Aug. JO. 0 amiMnhaha -Sept. 3, 11 am
DOMINION IiISTl!.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington Aug. riiVanrnuver Aug. 27
Dominion Aug. 2.)lcanada 3
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
.Xew Twin-Screw StPamers of 12.300 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam. Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesday* at 10 a. m.
Noordam Aug. 16|Pott«lam Aug. 30
Statendam Aug. 2:: 1 Rotterdam Sept. 6
BED STAS LINE.
New York — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Parts.
From Xew York, Saturdays, at 10:30 a. ra.
Zeeland Aug. 13[Vaderland ....Aug. 2T
Finland Aug. 201 KroonlancJ Sept. 3
WHITE STAS LINE.
Hew York — Queenstown— Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Majestic. Aug. 17. 10 am|Arabtc. . .Aue. 28. 3 pra
Cedric.Aug. IS. noon Teutonic. Aug. 31. 10 ana
Oceanic. Aug. 24. S pm! Celtic... Sept. 2. 10 am
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Republic (new) Aug. 11, Sept. 8. Oct. 1
Cymric Sept. 15. Oct. 13. N'ov. 10
Cretic Ausr. 25. Sept. 22. Oct. 20
NSW SERVICE FBOH BOSTO2T.
Fast Twln-Screw Steamers
Of 11.400 to 15.000 Tons.
BOSTOX DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA AZORES.
OI3EALTAB, NAPLES. GENOA.
ROMANIC Sept. 17. Oct. 23. Dec. 8
CANOPIC Oct. 8. Xov. 1»
First class. S63 upward, depending on date.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Paelflo Coiit.
21 Post »t.. San Francisco.
NOME
—AXD—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. F>MUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST
(Carrying U. 8. Mails.)
FPOM SAX FRANCISCO DIRECT
THURSDAY, Aug. 18, 2 p. m.
Connecting with the Company's Steamer* fof
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River »tMim<»r«
for Fairbanks* and all points on KOTUKL'K,
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
519 Crossley building, cor. Mission and New
Montgomery sts.. San Francisco.
, __
j^amburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHKRBOURG, HAMBURG
•Deutschland ..Aug. -f? Phoenicia Aug. ;n
fPennsylvania, Aug. 6 VBluecher ....Aug. 23
?Patrlcia Aug. 13 Aug. 27
Hamburg Aug. lsl 'Deutschland ..Sept. t
•Has grillroom and tzymnaslutn on board.
5WII1 call at Pover for London and Paris.
oceanics.$.co. sssSSaS
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 6. 11 A.M.
I S.S. MARIPOPA. for Tahiti. August 8. U A.M.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. IS. 2 P.M.
J.D.SPBECKELS k BEOi CO., A2tS.,TicXet OfflCS 643 Mar-
tet rreiilt OSes 32$ Kami St., Pier 7, Pacillc si
COMPIOXIE G5*3ait.K TaiWJATilJTIJOS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jm«»
PallinK every Thursday Instead of tmjgffil
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦-« J a9eE»
Xorth River, foct of Morton it.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. S»cond
cla«s to Havre. $15 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York* J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' gold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To XX. S. Navy Yart and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F., foot of
Clay st . north end - ferry bldg. — Week days.
9:30 A. M., 3 and *8 P. M.; Sundays, 9:3f>
AM 8 P 'M. Leaves Vallejo — Week days.
6:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.; Sundays. 5
p M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martinez.
I 5Oi; round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL.
I CO.. phone Maia 641. 'Saturday excepted.
To. XT. S. JTavy yard and Vallejo.
Stmrs. General Frisbie. Monticello and Arrow,
9:45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. «. S::tt> p. m. (ex.Sun.):
Sundays, U:40 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vailejo
7. 0 a. tn.. 12:30. 3:13, C p. m. (ex. Sun.): Sun-
days 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mis-
sion 'street: phone Main 15CS. HATCH BRO3.MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
/ Control of Kansas River.
The Kansas River floods have called
, new attention to the methods recently
\ advocated by the Bureau -of Forestry
for controlling the course of^he stream
end for repairing the damage to inun
dated farm lands. The * high water
The battleship Ohio is now enrolled among the for
midable fighting ships of Uncle Sam. She is not as
speedy as the" Government would have had her, but. she
is fast enough to catch u fleeing foe •• and dangerous
enough to make an enemy -espect our flag. Let* us hope,
she may. never be called upon to vindicate her prowess,
but* if she does let her add' luster to a^ naval history al
ready bright in recorded victories.
PROFESSOR. E. J. WICKSON, connected with the
agricultural department of the University of Cali
fornia, . has . entertainingly described the aids that*
California has contributed to\ fruit ( growing. These orig
inated in home needs, but the means have been adopted
elsewhere, so that this State has added not only, its
products but a knowledge of how to cultivate varieties
to the world at large.
Clean cultivation during the growing season, Professor
Wickson asserts in the Pacific Rural Press, may a not
have been invented in 'California, but the world paid no
attention to it until California exhibited its benefits on
hundreds of thousands of acres. The truth of Jethro
Tull's theory of. tillage was demonstrated. Clean surface
cultivation, . coupled with as exemplified in
this State, is acknowledged by fruit growers generally
to be essential. 'That lesson is^lasting and the profit to
The startling discovery has been made in New York
that the owners of the General Slocum have in opera
tion a sister ferry-boat that is- in as bad or worse condi
tion than was the destroyed vessel. If ever remedy sug
gested itself to a horrified public surely this condition
docs. Prosecution immediate and punishment severe
should follow the disclosure. One such lesson as the
burning of the General Slocum is enough for the A'mer
can people. '
BENEFITS OF FRUIT GROWING.
The Grand Jury of Bell County, Texas, has indicted
fifteen hundred physicians and druggists for violating a
local option law and selling whisky to the thirsty who
otherwise would have to exist without the cup that as
pires to things new and strange even in the Lone Star
State. The defendants should be prosecuted fqr cruelty
to humanity. Anybody who will encourage the sale of
drug-store whisky is guilty of a heinous offense against
the human species.
The Japanese have insisted upon the deportation of
a dare-devil American correspondent, whose only fault
was the remarkable exploit of getting into Port Arthur
and getting out again with a whole skin and a thrilling
experience. The little brown men would have been wiser
in their generation had they suffered the Yankee scribe
to remain and then kept close to his trail. While he un
questionably would have led them into trouble he would
have given them something substantial for their pains.
MINNESOTA MASSACRE — Fair
banks, Cal. In the early part of 1S82
there was trouble among the Indian
tribes of Minnesota and Dakota. . The
first trouble was bv the Sioux under
Little Crow, upon Yellow Medicine
Agency, August IS of that year, when
all the whites, old and young,-- were
murdered. August 23 New Ulm' was
attacked and manv whites murdered,
but the citizens hastily banded (or de
fense, forced the Indians off, and on
the following day soldiers came to their
relief. Fort Ridglev was besieged for
nine davs and its small garrison re
pelled three desperate attacks before it
was relieved on the 26th. The Indians
then went northward toward Fort
Abercrombie, murdering and plunder-
Ing as they went. Upon an appeal from
Governor Ramsey and the Legislature.
General Pope and United State3 sol
diers were sent to the rescue. Two as
saults were made on the Indians at the
fort named in September; vhey retreat
ed westward, but-jyere followed and
were fovced to make a stand at Wood
lake, where they were^utterly defeated
About 500 Indians were taken prison
ers, 300 tried by court-martial and sen
tenced to be hanged. The President In
terfered and only thlrtv-two were
hanged, the remainder being put in
confinement for a time and visited
with lighter punishment. The loss nf
white lives was estimated at not less
than aOO. either killed by the savaeea
or perishing from sickness and expos
ure, the v result of their hasty flight
from their homes.
Russia's Scourg^e.
The London Mail gives this spirited
description of the nihilist:
At the edge of the pavement he
stands, in the uniform of a Russian
university student, smoking a yellow
cigarette, and the carriages ply past
him throughout the hour of prome
nade.
Princesses, men In the uniform of
ducal regiments, the splendor and
wealth of the capital of Russia file
along as though for his inspection and
his is the eye that weighs and ap
praise* them all by the standard of
the pocr.
To look at him one would say the
fire of nihilism ran in a foul channel.
He Is meager, mean-chested, little of
stature, with low brows and a wide,
loose mouth, a representative of the
poor type, lacking In brawn and
beauty, springing weedily from a
profitless stock. There is something
vapid in the bloodless pouch of the
cheek and the bonelessness of the jaw;
nothing finishes with a click; the con
tours are not definite.
Ah! but you have not seen the eye —
the eye that- burns far back In Its
socket, the poet's eye that see Death
rido by on a white horse among the
care-less guardsmen and ladies, the eye
that is dull to the material and kindles
only for visions.
; In the lurking frenzy that inhabits
there, like a genius or an obsession,
there is, that which rede"ems the whole
unloveliness of the gross face and
body, as though the soul ran riot
while the flesh obeyed laws.
Madmen have such eyes, and great
artiste, , and the nihilist must needs be
of the essence • f both. Hf» is the
product of a need and an mspiration,
the great need of the stricken Russian
poor, the inspiration of new knowl
edge and freedom seen from afar. -
The First Submarines.
So many warships have been de
stroyed by submarine explosions in
the Russo-Japanese war that each side
has repeatedly accused the other of
using a submarine torpedo boat. If
that should prove to be the case it
would be the first time such a vessel
has ever been successfully used in war
by any nation but the United States.
The first submarine vessel ever used
to attack a hostile ship in war time
descended Into the Hudson River at
Whitehall, under the eyes cf Washing
ton and his staff, in September, 1776.
The British had attacked New York:
Long Island had been lost to them and
Lord Howe's fleet was anchored in
North River. David Bushnell, a young
engineer just graduated from Yale Col
lege, had invented a spherical copper
vessel called the American Turtle, in
tended for submarine use. It was pro
pelled by oars set in water-tight sock
ets, had a tiny conning tower and was
just big enough for one man. It had
an auger protruding through the top
and the plan of attack was for the
submarine worker to drill this into the
bottom of an enemy's ship. A mine
was then to be detached from the out
side, of the submarine and fastened to
the enemy by the drill, a clockwork
set going and when the diver had es
caped the explosion would follow.
Bushnell showed this machine to
General Parsens and to General Wash
ington, who apprbved. Ezra Lee, a
brave young sergeant, was detailed to
make the attempt and Bushnell taught
him to work the Turtle. At midnight.
September 6, he entered the little ves
sel and was towed out into the river
by rowboats. Washington and his
staff watched anxiously for the re
sult.
The prime object of Lee's attack was
the sixty-four-gun frigate Eagle, on
board which was Lord Howe himself.
Hours passed without an explosion and
at last when dawn came Washington
was convinced Lee was lost. Just then,
however, barges were seen putting out
from the shore - of Governor's Island.
They went almost to midstream then
scattered and made hastily for shore.
/
INDEPENDENT— A Subscriber. Sac
ramento, Cal. "Independent as a hog
on ice" probably had its origin in the
practice of some people placing a hog
on a frozen river or lake and watching
his actions In hia efforts to reach a
place off the ice. In such a case tha
hog:, unable to secure a hoofhold.
slides every which way, and if any one
attempts to go to his assistance he will
scoot away as if not wishing assistance,
hence the saying, "as independent as
a hog on ice."
'siiiszvers to Queries.
TIME RECORD— J. F. D. t City.
There are a number of steamship rec
ords across the Atlantic. This depart
ment has not the space to publish them
all. If you will indicate between what
ports, this department will answer.
The Dusk Witch.
De Dusk Witch cum when de sun go
down.
En he prowl!
En he prowl!
En he prowl!
He shake de limbs in de timbeh groun*
Till he wake up Misteh Owl.
He draw his cloak cross de sunset skies.
En he change de red to gray;
He blow his bref, en de swamp mists
rise
Down deh wheh de brack mink stay.
Hush, hush, ma honey, yo' betteh keep
still.
Who 'm det callin' but Bre'r Whlppo'
De Dusk Witch cum in a hood ob
gray.
En he roam!
En he roam!
En he roam!
He rouse Bre'r Cricket in de chimly
clay,
En de mole In de gahden loam.
He tech de stahs. en dey lighten up,
De dewdrops staht to shine.
He mak' det moon lak a big red cup
Hung up on de dank sky line.
He wuk eo awir in de late twilight.
De Dusk Witch cum befo' Mia 1 Night.
De Dusk WJtch cum when de day am
daid,
\ En he flies!
En he flies!
En he flies!
He sif dat san* in your trundle bed
Till it seal yo' lil brown eyes.
De brack owl hoot in de cypress bough,
En de brown bat circle low;
De Dusk Witeh cum foh Ah see him
now.
He doan min' de walls noh do'.
Dess close up yo' eyes, man lil brown
chap.
He dassent take yo* fum brack mam's
lap. — Puck.
THERE is not a magazine in America that can
show within its covers such a group of famous
names as will be found in The Sunday Call Maga
zine to-morrow. In affording such an expensive array of
the leading literary talent of the day, The Sunday Cail
has taken a tremendous and original departure from
time-honored Sunday supplement methods. There will
be an installment of a novel and seven short stories,
all by leading authors, in addition to eight pages of
special articles. In the matter of space alone no monthly
magazine can publish the quantity of material that
appears in The Sunday Call.
Finley Peter Dunne ("Mr. Dooley"), who needs no
introduction; Marie Gorelli, the greatest woman writer
of the day; Jerome K.' Jerome, author of "Three J^ien
in a Boat"; Max Pemberton, author of "Kronstadt" and
"The Phantom Army"; Stewart Edward White, author
of "The Blazed Trail" and other famous stories of the
hardy lumbermen of the northern lumber camps; Ray
Stannard tiaker, whose series of articles recently pub
lished in McClure's on the labor question has^made his'
name a household word, and Keith Gordon, comprise the
leading names in The Sunday Call Magazine for to-mor
rpw and constitute an array of the very strongest names
ill the literary world of the day.
The Dooley article for 'to-morrow will be a discourse
on the duties of the Vice President, an office which,
according to Mr. Dooley, "isn't a crime exactly. Ye
can't be sint to jail f'r it. But it's a kind of disgrace."
"Dr. Xavier," a novel of mystery and adventure by Max
Pemberton, which will run in four installments, makes
its initial appearance. The story deals with the for
tunes of Esther Venn, who is taken from a position of
poverty in London and transformed, through the art of
Dr. Xavier, into a reigning beauty of the Paris salons
and a bride of royalty. The aims of Dr. Xavier, in his
operations with respect to her, form elements of mys
tery in a story which is at all times engrossing. "Wait
ers I Have Known" is a quaint dissertation by Jerome
K. Jerome; Stewart Edward White tells a frontier story
with plenty of action and gun play in "Billy's Tender
foot"; Ray Stannard Baker's story "Uncle Luther Dow
ell's Wooden Leg" will appeal to all lovers of a homely,
old-fashioned tale; and on the storiette page "Rafo," by
Frank H. Sweet; "Her Last Call," by Keith Gordon,
and "A New Climax," by Hubert McBean Johnston, form
an entertaining trio.
Among the special articles will be "The Chorus Girl,"
by Colonel Kate; "The Secrets of Home Candy Making,"
and "Grandmother's Quaint Old Shawl," by Madge
Moore.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
Geronimo, the Shadon:
Geronimo. the old Indian chief, re
cently visited Lawton. O. T. The Law
ton State Democrat says: "The health
of the old chief 13 still good, although
he is very aged. His home is ten miles
from Lawton, yet he usually walks to
and from the place to do his trading.
He Is Quite often asked to give an ex
hibition of his skill as a marksman
with the bow. This he readily consents
to do provided a nickel is made* the tar
get and is to become his own in case
he hits it. Geronimo denies the state
ment of General Miles that the general
captured him. The old warrior says
that somewhere up on the mountains,
when he was on the warpath, two white
men came to him and told him that
General Miles wanted to see him. The
men accompanied him to the camp of
the general and he was made a pris
oner. Geronimo says he thinks It was
In Arizona, the Territory of his. birth.
Anyway, he says, it was up in thft
mountains. The tribal relations of the
Apaches have been dissolved and they
no longer look upon Geronimo as their
chief. They consider him a childish old
man who Is too senile to advlae them."
— The Commoner.
Warned by the conflagration that devastated the busi
ness district of Baltimore and destroyed magnificent steel
and stone structures as if they had been paper, men who
lead our citizens in the march of municipal progress arc
discussing the serious problem of what constitutes an
absolutely fire-proof building. With San Francisco on
the very threshold of its entrance into the world as a
great modern city it is difficult to suggest a problem of
more intimate or pressing importance than that involved
in this' discussion.
_ V-
Where Angels I' ear to Tread.
Correspondence.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRI ETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. July 23. — Not
more suddenly did fame come to Ba
den Pov.eil through hi? heroic defense
of Mflfeking than in these piping days
of oeate it has descended on Jamie
Gill, the Irish steeplejack, because of
his long <jefian«-e of the police from
the dizzy summit of a lofty chimney-
Ftatk. The exploit has made Jamie a
national character. It has been de
scribed at length in all the London
and provincial papers. And the nim
bte-wrltted Jamie has not been long in
turning: his fame to pecuniary account,
for he is now filling a profitable en
gagement in a Belfast music hall,
with the prospect of making still more
.money on the London variety stage.
But his sudden attainment of prosper
ity can hardly be cited as an example
that will serve the purpose of popular
tempernm** orators. Had he not one
day imbibed more of the 'crayther"
than was jjood for him he would still
be pursuing his dangerous calling: in
obscurity. It is a lamentable truth
that he owes his rise in fortune to the
fact that on this occasion he did get
unmistakably and outrageously drunk.
He was arrested and sentenced to pay
a fine, or in default thereof expiate his
offense by a month's imprisonment
Jamie elected to do neither. When
returning Fobriety had again given
him full command of his legs he suc
ceeded in giving the constables the
flip and nought refuge on the top of a
mammoth ehimneystack belonging to
an abandoned factory on Sugar Isl
and, a short distance from his own
home in the town of Newry. Its de-
Ftruction had been decreed and some
inside scaffolding, which had been
erected to facilitate the wm-k, made
the perilous ascent a comparatively
essy task for a man of Jamie's nerve
and skill. But it was too tough a
job for the police to undertake — es
pecially with Jamie on the summit
prepared to drop a brick on the head
of the firpt of them who appeared in
side. They concluded that it would
be safer to lay siege to him without
and starve him into surrender. But
Jamie's numerous friends contrived to
smuggle supplies to him despite all
their vigilance and for two weeks he
held possession of his novel fortress.
fome ally managed to send him up
a red flag, which he waved defiantly
at the police b*»low and dared them to
come up and take him. During the
daytime crowds assembled about the
chimneystack and vociferously cheer
ed him. Newspaper correspondents
were dispatched to the scene, who
held long distance interviews with
Jamie and telegraphed to their va
rious papers graphic accounts of the
progress of the siege. All this spelled
fame for the plucky Irishman. Just
how he contrived to sleep on his giddy
perch is his own secret. But every
morning found him there as fresh as
a daisy, dancing jigs and singing songs
for the delectation of the crowds be
low and heaping scorn upon the po
lice. Jamie. became the popular hero
of Newry. Had there been a Parlia
mentary vacancy in the district he
rciigiit have been elected by a large
majority.
- But pride goes before a fall. One
night Jamie essayed to descend from
the chimney to communicate with
some of his friends who had signaled
him that the "bobbie" who was sup
posed to be on watch was 'asleep.
Som? distance from the ground he
mi6sed his footing and came down with
a "crash. The policeman, awakened
from his slumber, pounced upon him.
Jamie was a prisoner and it was ap
parently all up with him. But his
wits did not desert him. He was hurt,
but his Injuries were not nearly so
bad as ho made out. Between simu
lated groans he declared that his leg
r,as broken and that he was injured
internally and insisted on being car
ried to his home at once. The police
man consented, for he felt sure that
in his crippled condition Jamie could
hot again escape the limbs of the lav.'.
For a coup!, of days he lay in bed
•playing possum," and whenever a po
liceman entered his room his suffer
ings became intense. The police kept
no watch 'over him there; it seemed
obviously needless. They proposed
that he should be removed to the pris
on infirmary at Dnndalk, where he
could receive proper medical attend
ance. He gratefully acquiesced in the
tyggestion. But bright and early r.ext
niorning he slipped out of bed and
tiefpite his lameness managed to
reach the ton of the ehimneystack
again- and there the police who came
to take him to the infirmary discov
ered him as chipper as a cricket
Then a Belfast music hall propri
etor awoke to the discovery that talent
was being wasted.on top of that chim
r.eystack. Negotiations were opened
with Jsmie on his lofty perch, «dth
the result that he is now reaping the
reward of his climb to the pinnacle
of fame. He is popularly supposed to
be still defying the police from 'the
theater, but it is shrewdly suspected
that his fine has been privately paid
and that he has made his peace with
the police authorities.
Shattered Ideals.
As the car approached the corner
the stylish young woman in the sky
scraper hat arose and advanced toward
the rear platform. When opposite the
conductor extended her daintily
gloved hand.
"I beg your pardon," she said in a
musical voice, "but you overlooked my
fare. Here it is."
The conductor looked confused.
"Thank you, miss," he mumbled,
glancing around at the other passen
gers to see if he could ferret out any
of the company's "spotters." She
seemed to read his thoughts.
"Oh, don't 'think that I am going to
report you . for carelessness," she
hastened. "No, Indeed. You are
probably one of the most conscientious
employes on the road."
The conductor actually blushed.
"Thanks, miss," "he stammered.
"You are so busy looking out for the
safety of your passengers that it is
Impossible for you to be collecting
fares all the time. These big cars
should have two conductors. Better
lose a thousand fares than have one
accident. Am I right?"
"Yes, miss."
"Your face is honest, young man. I
never hesitate to tell a person this
when I am certain it is true. Always
remember that honesty Is the best
policy."
Gathering her slgrts firmly, she
alighted and was soon lost in the
crowd. The conductor took a long
breath.
"Talk about sensible women," he
ejaculated for the benefit of the plat
formites. "Well, I've been on this line
ten years and that is the finest speci
men of the true lady I've ever met."
Then he looked at the "nickel" she
had pressed into his hand. It was
lead. I
moment later came a terrific rjpr
sion' on the surface close to the Easle
and the British fleet In consternation
slipped their cables and made out wf
the harbor.
Some time later the top of the Turtle
appeared above water, . not far away.
Rowboats went out and brought her
In. Lee was fo,und unharmed. He had
reached the bottom of the Eagle with
out difficulty, but had found It sheath
ed with heavy copper, a protection not
against man but against other sub
marine enemies. When he attempted
to drill through this his vessel bounced
away and gave him no purchase. He
worked two hours at the Eagle and
then visited other vessels with no bet
ter luck. At last he released his mine
and started home. He came to the
surface close to the British barges,
then sank again and pulled for White
hall.
The Turtle was used a train a year
later to attack the Cerberus off New
London, but, instead, blew up a
schooner lying near the frigate and
killed a number of men. That was the
first vessel ever so destroyed.
Though Fulton built a successful
submarine, none was used in war again
till the Davids were built for the Con
federates. There were several of this
class, one of which blew up the Hou
satonic in 1864. Since then nearly
every navy in the world has experi
mented with submarines. Russia has
several c-n her list of war vessel3.
France has v done the most with them
and has the largest number, more than
seventy. The United States has second
place in numbers and disputes first
place in efficiency. — Youth's Compan
ion.
Another Junius.
It was the day~after election and the
toilers of the city front were fighting
over again the battle of ballots, dis
cussing the candidates and telling of
the share the horny handed had in the
defeat and election of the various
aspirants for office. Leaning over the
rail of a steam schooner were four
hardy Norsemen. Oscar, Olaf artel
Andrew had said their say, addressing
their remarks to Ole, who maintained
a sphinx-like silence. When he broke
it it was thus that Ole, the silent
sailorman, delivered himself:
"Ay tank at bay a good Job ve elect
Schmitz. Dot fallow Taydor Rossnfelt
vos too schmart annahow and vould
hov ruined the whole dom city."
THE first session of the Merchant Marine Com
mission developed the three lines of opinion on
the subject which divide the friends of American
shipping on both seaboards. First of these is in favor
; of a direct subsidy, which is better called a bounty.
The second stands for free ships — that is to say per
mission to put the American flag over foreign built ships
and grant differential duties on all imports carried by
The third wants zn- export bounty per ton ad
valorem on all domestic goods carried by American
ships. v
These three opinions are represented on the com
mission itself. As they all aim at the same object it
is proper to inquire into the difference between the
means they propose for reaching it. The object to be
attained is the encouragement to be given by the
money of the Federal Government to the Revival of
American shipping. The proponents of the three plans
will not differ materially as to the annual amount of
such money required to effect the purpose.
The first plan is to take it directly from the treasury
and apply it -to the purpose under such rules of over
sight as will protect the expenditure. The second is
to'pay the same amount of money by taking it out of
the revenues before they reach the treasury. The third
is to put it in the treasury on imports and pay it out
as a bounty on exports. The first and- third plans have
the merit of requiring the building of ships by Ameri
can labor, so that part of the bounty, by whichever mean?
secured, will go to pay the wages of American mechanics.
With this exception the plans all merge into the one
issue of a bounty. This being true, that one should
be adopted which will the easiest and most economically
apply that bounty to the object sought. It is an
augury of success that the friends of the proposition
'have so nearly reached an agreement that either plan
may be adopted with the substantial hope that it will
attain the object sought.
It is the belief of many practical men and thinkers
that the best of the three plans is the direct bounty,
because of its superior economy and its more imme
diate effect. A differential import duty will require a
coftly special system of custom-house accounting for
ascertainment of the rebate and it Will impart great un
certainty to the volume of revenue, which will prevent
accuracy of estimates as to the prospective resources of
the treasury. The export bounty is open to the same
objection, as it will require the addition of special
facilities in the custom-houses to verify the exports and
apply to each its ad valorem share of the bounty. This
also leaves the resources of . the treasury in doubt,
since it is quite impossible to estimate the amount that
will be required to pay the bounty, the volume of which
will fluctuate with the foreign demand for our products.
After all, both these plans are to effect the same
thing as the first — the provision of a money bounty to
revive our merchant marine. We can understand that
there is a natural desire to get the money in such a
way as shall excite the least popular prejudice, and that
causes a resort to an indirect bounty system, which
may,, in the end, cost the people more than if the
bounty were direct. If this be so, it will be better for
the proposed policy to approach the solution squarely
in the beginning by direction and not indirection.
One other merit of a direct bounty is that there are
no mysteries about it. It is not half concealed and
half disclosed. Its features are all in full view from
the beginning. If it prove necessary to change after
it has been tried, it is easy to go from it to either of
the other plans, but a change from either to it would
be difficult, and so, if they prove defective and incom
petent to accomplish the purpose, there would be danger
of a collapse on the whole policy.
If free ships are adopted the permission to put them
tinder American register should have a time limit.
Free ships Would; in our judgment, put an end to Amer
ican ship building. It would disuse and dismantle every
yard in the country. It goes # without saying that a
revival of our. merchant marine means,, or, shoald mean,
not only the, owning of ships, but also the capacity to
build them. To this end the bounty should flow both
ways. It should put ships on the stocks in American
yards as well as on the sea ,under the American flag.
If we have to resort to foreign builders to buy ships
we will have taken but a short step out of our present
system, which compels us to resort to the foreign owners
of ships to transport our commerce.
Any system that is adopted should provide the pay
ment of part of the bounty to secure the apprenticeship
of American boys in seamanship. Our people have
lapsed in the seafaring habit. To such an extent has
this occurred that nearly all of our merchant crews are
foreigners, as ye a large percentage of our naval crews.
This is caused by the decline of ( our shipping. Sea
going offers no career satisfactory to American ambi
tion. It is necessary that this be changed.
Much is said about our protective policy as a cause
of the decline of our merchant marine, and the deep
sea primacy of Great Britain is cited as an effect of
free trade. This is a superficial view. We have followed
a policy of protection on land and free trade on deep
water. Great Britain has reversed this by having pro
tection on deep water and free trade on land. Her
subsidy and bounty system has given her merchant flag
primacy of the sea. Our protective system has given
us primacy in production on land.
mark this summer is ten feet lower
than that of last season, nor is the
property loss comparable to that of a
year ago, when the damage wrought
exceeded 520,000,000 and when over 100
lives were sacrificed. But in permanent
irjury to the productive capacity of the
region it may well be that the river has
delivered a second blow as serious as
was the first. The flood of 1903 was
the greatest since 1844. Until a year
ago the valley of the Kaw was as fer
tile as any on this continent. For cen
turies the. strips of woodland along
tht? banks of the rived bed impeded the
rush of overflows, and the silt that
built up thcrich land had been precipi
tated. But under agriculture the trees
were gradually cut down, in many
cases right to the water's edge. The
result was inevitable. In its natural
course the river runs rather slowly
and with many windings through it3
fiat meadows. But when it overflowed
the water swept straight down the val
ley. Unimpeded by trees, it increased
its velocity, in. some places cutting for
Itself new channels, and for almost the
whole 120 miles of the valley not only
deeply eroded the river banks, but
played havoc with the valuable farm
lands. In some places the rich soil was
cut away to the barren sands or grav
els: in others coarse sand was laid six
and eight feet deep over the fields; in
Ktill other places great holes were
gouged out and lakes formed acres in
extent. Of the 250,000 acres of remark
ably fertile lands, worth from $100 to
$T50 an acre, which the valley con
tained. 10,000 acres were completely de
stroyed for agricultural purposes, 10,000
acres more were damaged 50 per cent
of their value, and the whole area was
greatly depreciated in value owing to
the general sense of uncertainty as to
the future. That these fears for the
future were well founded the repetition
of the disaster makes sufficiently plain.
But the condition of the citizens of
the valley is far from hopeless If they
will put into active and general opera
tion plans for the protection and re
clamation of their lands. The Bureau
of Forestry has devised systems of tree
planting for the river banks, the sand
covered lands and the deeply eroded
lands. The object of the first is to pre
vent washing of the banks, to protect
the whole area from the full force of
floods, and in time of overflow to check
the tendency to gully and cut new
channels. The last two systems of
planting are for ultimately reclaiming
the now destroyed lands and making
them produce in the meantime a valu
able wood product while the work of
reclamation is going on.
The sanded lands are now useless for
crops, but will grow cottonwood, which
twenty years hence will make valuable
sawlogs. In the meantime the trees
will be reclaiming the land for field
crops. This they will do partly by the'
fertilizing effect of the decaying timber
litter. But should the flood waters re
turn again the timber would very likely
be in a position to render much greater
service. Examination of the area af
fected a year ago shows strikingly that
where protective grpwths of cottonwood
checked the rush of the current the
land beyond was generally covered not
with sand, but with silt, and is often
if anything more fertile than before.
With extensive planting of forest trees
another flood would undoubtedly bring
back at once to fertility much of the
land which now has been made barren.
The Bureau of Forestry is now send
ing to the citizens of the Kaw Valley
a mimeographed circular of recommen
dations for guidance in forest planting
on their damaged lands, in which it is
said:
"Wherever the river has changed its
course and straightened its channel
every possible effort should be put forth
to keen It straight. Much of the dam
age that was caused in the great flood
of 1903 is directly traceable to crooks
In the stream. The soft, bare banks
should be covered with willows at the
earliest possible moment to prevent the
stream from again becoming crooked.
In addition to. the protection of the
caving river banks and the reclamation
of the sanded and eroded lands, the
landowners of the Kansas River Val
ley should immediately co-operate to
secure continuous belts of timber 250
feet wide on both banks of the stream.
Such protective belts will be far more
serviceable than dikes of earth or ma
sonry in mitigating the destruction
that may occur from overflows. The
future v wealth and productiveness of
the valley as a whole will be largely
dependent upon the practice of for
estry for protection against devasta
tion by floods."
THE MERCHANT MARINE INQUIRY.
mankind is therefore to be extended to many genera
tions.
The low, vase-sliaped fruit trees were first made the
standard for orchards by California. They are now
common in the orchards of all continents. Modern fruit
growers calinot afford to use the old-time high trunk
trees that require spliced ladders to reach the fruit.
Time and labor are both too valuable for that. Trees
cannot afford to pump sap through several yards of fire
wood in the shape of useless trunks and branches.
California has led in "'the -matter of marketing fruit
products in foreign lands. Luther Burbank has given
California the leading place in the creation of new varie
ties of vegetation and he has worked with the require
ments of the world at large in view. Orchard and vine
yard protection from insect pests first reached systematic
attention and large development in this State. Insecti
cides and the employment of beneficial parasities have
insured the permanency and profitable pursuit of fruit
growing. '
The creation of competencies for thousands of Cali
fornia^ orchardists and vineyardists, the large and out
of-door life that may.be traced to fruit growing as an
occupation, the origin of beautiful towns and cities in
fruit growing districts, the abundant capifal that makes
for prosperity in California, the conversion of wild lands
into farms, the realization on a large scale of the ances
tral desire to sit under one's own vine and fig tree, the
attraction of desirable citizens from all parts of the
world to this State — these are among the 'benefits that
Professor Wickson attributes to the fruit and vine in
dustries.' --*~ ; \
There is no one who will deny that to the grower of
products of the soil in California the greater share of
present prosperity in this State is directly attributable.
Indeed, but for discoveries relating to the soil, all of
which were made by men interested in its cultivation,
there is little doubt that when the placer mines were no
longer greatly profitable the gold seekers and most of
the other people who came here during the early days
ofy California would have returned to the East or to
foreign lands. Great honor is unquestionably due to the
farmer, who, after the gold-seeking pioneers, may be*
termed the preserver of the State.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ...... ..... Address All Commonications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
.Publication Office *J_^" # - •••• i. ...... .Third and Market Streets. S. F.
SATURDAY ....'. C AUGUST 6. 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUSTS, 190*.
8
Special Information supplte.1 dally *•
business houses and public men by th*
Press CUp"i«sr Bureau (Allen's;. 230 Cal-
ifornia atrect. Telephone Maia 10U, •
Townsend's California Gtace frut** «*
artistic flre-eteh^rl h^Tcs. 715 Market st. #Justice of the Peace Van Nbstrand
yesterday gave judgment for $100 In
favor of . Patrick Clark, who sued . the
Southern "Pacific • Company for dam
ages for being ejected from one of its
trains. Clark bought a ticket to Chi
cago and return and at pavisville,
coming back, the conductor claimed
that the ticket had been bought from
a scalper and compelled Clark to. get
off. Clark was obliged to buy another
ticket to reach this city, although his
return ticket was in every .way reg
ular. V
Passenger Recovers ' Damages.
An order of arrest was issued in
the Superior Court yesterday under
which Fred Bennion will be taken into
custody for alleged misdeeds charged
by Edmund D. Chapman, a gardener
at San Rafael, who bought property
from Bennion and intrusted him with
money. Chapman secured a judgment
against Bennion from Judge Graham
two years ago for $2000. Recently
Bennion, who was agent for the Con
servative Insurance Company, has got
into other trouble and has been ar
rested at Indianapolis. When he ar
rives here to answer to the latest
charge he will be arrested on Chap
man's complaint. \
Order for Arrest.
Ye Olde English Inn.
144 Mason st. Just one trial at Babs &
Jules . That's all.
Making New Citizens.
Presiding Judge Kerrigan and -his
clerk. John Reilly. have been busy in
Judge Hunt's courtroom making citi
zens who are to be registered In time
to^ vote at the next election. In the
four night sessions before last night
the new citizens numbered twenty,
thirty-three, twenty-five and forty-one
respectively for each night. All of
them were registered and the Judge
will be on hand for five days more to
take the oaths of other.applicants who
are willinr to forcwear allegiance to
foreign potentates.
OEARY-STREET ROAD RECEIPTS —Hor
ace G. Pratt, president of the Geary-street
Railroad Company, filed a statement yester
day with the Supervisors that the receipts of
the road for July were $12,231. 6 per cent of
which, amounting to (611 55, has been paid
Into the city treasury under an agreement
with the company oendior the award of a
new franchise.
Alvin P. Nance, County Courthouse
janitor at Salinas, filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $2665
and has no assets.
Janitor Is Bankrupt.
Fed by melting snows In the high Si
erra, the famous waterfalls of Yosemite
continue to pour over the great cliffs.
Now is a grand time to visit Yosemite
Valley. Flowers are blooming in the
meadows and birds' sing in the pines and
cedars. In the Merced, the Iliillouette,
Tenaye Creek, in ten thousand pools In
a thousand streams, the trout lie hiding.
You'd better take your fishing pole and
go!
Cost? $28.50 for the round trip, or
$43.00 for seven days of delight. We are
glad to tell you about it and about-the
perfect way at 641 Market street, the
office of the Santa Fe. •
The Season Is Late This Year.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
In her will Mrs. Norris left the ma
jor portion of her estate to her daugh
ter-in-law, Edith Boswell King, wife
of ' Frederic Randolph King. The
estate is worth about $400,000 and the
annual incojne is about $20,000.
Julia M. Norris, the widow of Wil
liam Norris and formerly the wife of
Starr King, the abolitionist, was be
fore her death in the habit of paying
a large sum toward the maintenance
of. her sister, Ruth -H. Wigrgin; her
daughter-in-law, Edith Boswell King,
and her daughter, Edith King Davis,
the wife of Horace Davis, Upon an
application previously filed Judge
Troutt yesterday ordered that the pay
ment of the allowances should con
tinue until the estate is finally dis
tributed.
Under the order Edith Boswell King
is to receive $500 a month, Edith King
Davis $250 a month and Mrs. Wiggin
$40 a month.
Judge Troutt. Orders Payment of $790
a Month From Income of .
Norris Estate.
CHILDREN OF STARR KING *
ARE GRANTED ALLOWANCE
Firemen Commended for Bravery.
On the recommendation of Acting
Chief Engineer, John Dougherty the
Fire Commissioners at the meet
ing yesterday commended Firemen
Charles Brownell, James Coleman,
William Sawyer. John Herman, E.
Raffestein and E. Morrissey for their
bravery in rescuing lives at the fire on
Mason street on July 29. The Com
missioners awarded the contract for
hydrants to the Risdon Iron Works.
The purposed erection of a chemical
engine house on Missouri and Twen
tieth streets was referred back to the
Supervisors, as the amount appropri
ated is insufficient to construct the
kind of a house desired.
Rogers was engaged in making a
preliminary survey for the Western
Pacific Railroad Company through Bald
Rock Canyon, when a false step cost
•him his lif>. The canyon is practically
unexplored, and a torrential stream
runs at the bottom of cliffs from 1000
to 2000 feet in h-ipht.
Rogers desired to descend one of the
cliff*, but before doing so took every
usual precaution to guard against acci
dent. He strapped a life preserver
about his body and also had a stout
rope fastened to his waist, so that in
case he made a m!ssten he would keep
afloat. The precautions were useless.
The daring engineer slipped, fell into
the swirling, tddying stream and before
his comrades could pull him from the
water v,-a« carried under a projecting
ledge. The rope caughj in the rock and
the efforts of the men to rescue their
companion were unavailing. As soon
es news of the accident was received
a re*eums party was started out from
the Mountain House to aid in recover-
WELL R.NOWX PROFESSIONALLY.
Charles S. Rogers earned an enviable
reputation as an engineer. He was
born in Iowa forty-five years ago and
received his technical education at tho
Ftat" University of Iowa. In 1SS2 he
•nterod the railway service, occupying
Btir>or<1Inate positions on surveys for
the Wisconsin, Iowa and Nebraska
Railway, now ths> Chicago Great
Western. In 1SS3 and 1SS4 h* as en
gaged on location surveys and con
struction work for the Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy Railway and the
Burlington, Cedar Rapids and Northern
Railway, having charge of seventy-five
miles of construction work on the lat
ter company's northwest extension into
Dakota. In 1SH5 he had charge of con
struction on the eastern division of the
Chicago. Burlington and Quincy's ex
tension from Chicago to SL Paul. From
38S3 to IS30 Rogers was in the service of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company
as location and construction engineer.
- ¦ - - ' . ¦¦¦•-- • .
According to a telegram received at
the home of the parents of Charles S.
Rugere, the engineer who lost his life
while trying to find a pathway for a
r.ew railroad in the Sierras, the body
has been recovered and will arrive in
this city to-day. The only brother of
th<; dead man is expected also to-day,
arrd arrangements will then be made
for the funeral.
In politics he was a Republican and
was mentioned to succeed C. E. Grun-
Bky as City Engineer. He made his
home in this city with his father, moth
er and brother at 2519B California
street.
After coming to San Francisco
Rogers made a thorough study of
hydro-electric power and long-distance
transmission and was considered an
authority on the subject.
During the last season, as resident
engineer of the Western Pacific Rail
road, he had charge of 300 miles of the
field surveys, of that company, includ
ing investigations of the various pro
posed routes for the crossing of the
Sierra Nevadas.
In the latter part of 1895 Rogers came
to California. During 18S6 and 1897 he
wag chief engineer of the Anaheim Union
Water Company and had charge of the
extensive improvements made on that
company's irrigation system at that
time, and at the same time held the
position of City Engineer of Anaheim
and designed and had charge of con
struction of the present efficient mu
nicipal water works of that place.
In 1S97 he became a resident of San
Francisco and. since then, with the ex
ception of a short time occupied in a
mining venture in Alaska, has been
actively engaged in important engineer
ing work in this city and throughout
the State, being chief engineer of
George A. Knight's Kings River power
project and being retained as consult
ing engineer on several other projects
for the development of hydraulic power
in California and Oregon.
COSIES TO CALIFORNIA.
During 1893 he was chief engineer of
the Wyoming and Utah Railroad, a
proposed extension of the Chicago and
Northwestern Railroad from Casper,
Wyo., to Ogden, Utah. In 1894 he was
engaged in private engineering work
in Pailadelphia and was occupied on
investigations of municipal improve
ments, especially paving. In 1S95 he
was engaged by Philadelphia capital
on hydraulic work in Colorado and
Wyoming. He designed the municipal
water works for Casper, Wyo., and also
designed the hydraulic plant for the
Twin Lakes Gold Mining Company of
Leadville and Twin Lakes. Colo.
Frbm 1S90 to 1S92 he engaged in con
tract work on the Union Pacific and
Northern Pacific railroads.
it at 641 Market street
Those who care for the grandest stage
ride in California, through the health
giving high hills and scenery that makes
poems possible, are reserving seats on
the Santa Fe stages for Yosemite Valley.
The Santa Fe rate for a seven-day trip,
with all expenses. Is $43.00. Ask about
Those Who Care.
PROMINENT PAN FRANCISCO ENGINEER WHO WAS DROWNED *T ORO
VILLE ON THURSDAY AND WHOSE BODY HA? BEEN RECOVERED AND
WILL BE BROUGHT BACK TO THIS CITY FOR INTERMENT
Miss Guadalupe' Vallejo, daughter of
Don Jose de Jesus Vallejo -and the fa
vorite niece of the famous General
Vallejo, passed away quietly at the
French Hospital Thursday morning at
1 o'clock after a brief illness. Her
friends and admirers were legion. Her
fame rests not so much in her^relation
ship to famous characters, but on her
own wonderful literary and linguistic
accomplishments.
Only recently' the deceased received
the permission of General Lew Wallace
to translate his remarkable work, "Ben
Hur," into Spanish. At first the gen
eral was unwilling to give his permis
sion, but upon receiving the assurances
of men of letters of this State that Miss
Vallejo was qualified to Undertake the
work General Wallace gave his per
mission.
jMiss Vallejo was not slow to appre
ciate the confidence reposed in her abil
ity, and forthwith began her labors to
give to Spanish readers the work which
had already been translated into almost
all other languages.
Never realizing thatj her death was
so near, Miss Vallejo called her niece,
Miss Antonita Vallejo, to her side a
week ago and gave into the young
lady's hand a typewritten history of
the Vallejo family, saying at the time,
"My dear, it is well that you keep this
account of your ancestors. I have pre
pared it specially for you; guard it."
Miss Vallejo was born sixty years ago
in the Mission of San Jose, and up to
the hour of her death looked remark
ably young. She leaves a sister,' Mrs.
E. L. Kern, who lives at 51S Telegraph
avenue, Oakland: two nephews. Conrad
E. Kern and R. E. J. Kern, well-known
musicians, and a niece, Miss Antonita
Vallejo, "besides several cousins.
The funeral will take place this morn
ing from the Spanish church, Yglesia
de Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe, on
Broadway, between Mason and Taylor
streets.
Traffic on the coast line of the
Southern Pacific was delayed for an.
hour yesterday morning through the
derailment of the second section of
train No. 9, which is due at Third and
Town3end streets at 7:10 o'clock.
Both sections of the train had arrived
on 'time at San Bruno station and the
first section was moving on when the
tower man observed the second sec
tion also moving, contrary to the sig
nals. As a train from another direc
tion was due to dross the track on
which No. 9 was moving, the operator
promptly threw a switch Just in time
to catch the engine of the section, and,
although the latter was moving very
slowly, the engineer was undble to
come to a stop before the forward
wheels of the locomotive had gone off
the rails. A wrecking engine was sent
out from the yards and in a short
while had the derailed engine back oh
the track.
Signalman at San Bruno Station De
lays Traffic for on Hour on
Coast Line.
THROWS A SWITCH IN
-¦' ORDER TO STOP TRAIN
The local Brotherhood of Teamsters
is gratified at the election of Michael
Casey as vice president of the Inter
national Brotherhood.
The trouble between the plasterers
and cement workers' unions as to which
had preferential rights in certain lines
of work was settled by the Building
Trades Council at its meeting Thurs
day.
The contentions were as to work on
lime and cement, both unions claim
ing rights which would in the natural
line of labor infringe one on the other.
To adjust this difference the council
decided that where lime forms a con
stituent element the plasterers had
preference and where cement is used
the cement workers were permitted un
der the decision to control all artificial
marble and stone work.
The members of the Butchers' Union
in San Francisco have made suitable
arrangements for the reception of Vice
President C. F. Schmidt.
Reports from coast shipping agents
to the headquarters in this city show
that there is a dullness all along the
coast line, leaving quite a number of
seamen in search of vessels.
The Building Trades Council refuses
to recognize the credentials of Frank
Stradling, who was appointed agent
from the mills and factories affiliated
with the District Council of Carpen
ters, on the ground that this council
is not affiliated with the Building
Trades Council.
A pro-rata assessment of 15 cents
was levied by the Barber Shop Porters
and Bathhouse Attendants for the pur
pose of assisting the entertainment
committee to provide funds . for i the
proper reception of the Eastern dele
gates to the annual convention of th»
American Federation of Labor. An ad
ditional assessment of 3 cents per week
was also levied in aid of the locked out
stablemen's and hackmen's unions.
The opening of the American Win
dow Glass Company's works on August
10 promises to give employment to
about 3000 hands. This plant, when in
working order, will do away with, the
obtaining of window glass from East
ern factories and concentrate in San
Francisco the business of supplying
this coast.
Barber Shop Porters and Bathhouse
Attendants Will Entertain East- '
orn Delegates Here.
EMPLOYMENT IN* SIGHT
FOR MANY GLASS WORKERS
Miss Guadalupe Vallejo Ex
pires in This City After
Brief Illness.
MISS GUADAMJPE VALLEJO,
NIECE OF FAMOUS GENERAL.
WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
This is the fourth general fire here in
twelve years. It is believed that the
bank vault is intact. The origin of the
flames is unknown. A meeting of citi
zens has been called to prevent any
fra:..e buildings being erected.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 5.— A
special from Kendrick, Idaho, ' says:
Fire broke out in the old Pacific
Hotel at 10:30 this morning and dfe
stroyed the whole business part of the
city. All the residences between First
and Sixth -streets and between the
bluff on the north and the creek on the
south are gone. The total is closely
calculated at $250,000, on which there
is about 50 per cent insurance.
An alarm was promptly turned in
and the department responded quickly,
but the flames were soon beyond con
trol. Five minutes after the fire was
discovered it jumped across Main
street and ignited the brick buildings
there. Several men were overcome by
heat and fainted in the street, but all
were carried to places of safety.
About thirty-six business houses and
twenty residences were destroyed.
Nearly all the business men have al
ready telegraphed to wholesale houses
for new stock and all are arranging to
rebuild.
BUTTE. Mont., Aug. 5.— A special
dispatch from Big: Timber, Mont., say*
a forest fire in the Crazy Mountains,
twenty miles north of Big Timber, has
done considerable damage in the last
few days. The fire started last. Sun
day, and has gradually increased until
it has burned overj a large stretch of
heavily wooded country. Parties in
town to-day from that section stated
that among the timber burned is some
of the most valuable in that district.
A 'dispatch from Kalispell says that
forest fires are still raging with una
bated fury in the timber lands of that
county, and from all reports received
thus far the damage will run into the
thousands of dollars. Small holders of
timber lands are the chief su/Cerers.
The fires are not raging in the
forests surrounding this city, but in the
finest lumber sections in Northern
Montana. The thickly wooded sections
about Atlanta, Sterling and Fisher
River are burning, as well as the tim
ber west of Lilbby and between Troy
and Eonners Ferry, Idaho.
About half, a dozen frame buildings
on the outskirts of White Fish have
been burned. The people living in the
timbered sections are all out fighting
the fire, but are almost powerless to
check its advances.
Almost Sixty Houses 'Arc De
stroyed, but Citizens Pro
ceed at Once to Rebuild
Vigorous Battle Is Being
Waged Against Flames,
but They Defeat All Efforts
MANY EESIDEXCES BURN
FINE TIMBER BUENED
Flames Sweep Most Pros
perous Portion of the Busi
ness Section of Kendrick
Relatives Receive Telegram Which Encourages
. Belief That It Has Been Recovered From Stream
Which Flows at Bottom of Bald Rock Canyon
Large Stretch of Heavily
Wooded Country in Crazy
Mountains Is Destroyed
TOWN IN IDAHO
IS DEVASTATED
FOREST FIRE
DOES DAMAGE
BODY OF ENGINEER C. S. ROGERS
IS EXPECTED TO ARRIVE TO-DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST _(>, 190*.
DEATH CLAIMS
DAUGHTER OF A
FAMOUS FAMILY
9
WANT ADVERTISERS IX
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
WILL RECEIVE FREE
A copy of the beautiful picture,
"HOTHOUSE TREASURES,"
Sire 36x10 Inches, on heavy
plate paper. .
This picture shows a yard of
freshly culled roses in their
wonderful variety, falling i n
rich profusion from a bowl.
Beautiful Jacqueminots, stately
American Beauties, rich Mare-
cnal Neils and others form a .
floral picture that will strongly
appeal to all lovers of nature
and art. The exquisite coloring
of these flowers is followed in
detail and the picture will be a
valuable ornament to any home.
BRING YOUR ADS TO-DAY.
AMUSEMENTS.
4— BIO NEW ACTS— 4
OUT* May and J. W. Albanffh Jr.; Me-
Cabe. Sabtne and Vera; lies Olopas; |
Uuffhes Musical Trio; Empire Comedy
Four, and Orpheum Motion Pictures.
Last Times of the Decker-Russo-Ataram-
off Grand Operatic Trio; Marcus and
Oartelle, r.nd
CHARMION.
Regular Matinee Every "Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Pricea — 10c, 25c I
and 50c. i
GRAND:S5S&|i
LAST NIGHT — MATINEE TO-DAY
\ JAMES NEILL /
yS FIRST TIME AT "V^
I 15c 25c 50c I
I TO-MOBBOW MATZXrei:. I
I "A PABI3IAK BOMAKCE." | i
MATINEff~TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
HENRY MILLER
In Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Dainty Comedy,
MICEAND TVYEIN
Beginning- 1V/I ONinAV Flrsi tlm "*
Next \N\\JY\\Jt\ I m America.
CHARLES FROHMAX Presents
HENRY MILLER
And an Augmented Company
j In Henry Arthur Jones' Masterpiece.
JOSEPH ENTANGLED
TIVOLI «
ANOTHER Thelondon
TIVOLI Musical
VICTOPV Comedy
VI^IUKY Sensation
THE
Toreador
By Ivan Caryll and Lionel Moncton.
WITH AN UNRIVALED CAST.
SEATS NOW READY.
Ueual Tivoli Prices — 25c 50c, 75c.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
AT f\ A HT A T3 Belasco * Maye'.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT AITD SUNDAY NIGHT.
Evg., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 23c to 50c
\A/HITTE j And the Alcazar Stoclc Co. |
U/HITTLESEY
In a Special Production of Bulwer's
THE LADY I *¦« Matine.
To-Day.
OF LYONS sscLdsoci
MR. WHITTLESEY as CLAUDE.
Monday. Aug. 8.— MR. WHITTLESEY In .
coSSt SHERIDAN Or o ?S A M T y D
l-PHLlatS P §n8/t». P MAYER
MEbco •» " "•V-.iSs=i props
Market Street, Near Eighth — Phone South S33
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.-
Matinees To-day and To-morrow.
Kirk La Shelle's Biggest Success in Years.
SERGEANT JAMESi
Romance of an Enlisted Man.
Special Engagement This Week of the Charm-
' ing— Actress.
JTJIiIET CBOSBT
PDIfFS Evenings 10c to 50c
rfiivEj MaHnecs 10c. 15c, 25c
Next— A BUNCH OF KEYS.
*%&£&&&
ANOTHER TREMENDOUS HIT.
Eclipses all former. , Production!.
"TheWhirloftheTown^
' Gigantic. Spectacular Burlesque.
Three Acts Oiled with New Song*, Specialties.
Novelties. . -
Incomparable cast: DOROTHY MORTON.
NORABAYES. FLOSSIE HOPE. RICE AND
CADY BOBBY NORTH. EDWIN CLARK,
BEN DILLON. LIONEL LAWRENCE.
PRIZE CHORUS, OF. FOETr. "
Night. 25c, 50c and 75c Sat. and Sun. Mat-
inees, 25c and 50c Children at Matinees, 10c
and 23c.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PER YEAB.
i . A^VEBllSE3iEyTS. !
Special To-Night
Oriental stripe ; full length and width; fringed all around; several £fe £* g±
designs to choose from. To-night only \jl %J \p
S3 KvMXI M 3 k M ji I JV i»
Elk '9^'lL * M tfesBjl « \ fc>IH'^*^— r,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
the soap which began its
sale in the 18th century,
sold all through the 19th
and is selling in the 20th.
Bells all orer the world.
Money I
Savers I
Are the personally conducted I
tourist Bleeping cars for
St. Joseph and St. Louis, Omaha
and Chicago, which leave
Los Angeles, San Francisco (and
the Coast Line points between)
at frequent intervals every week.
They are attached to fast trains,
go over scenic routes and have
other advantages worth investi- ra
gating. A postal card inquiry §9
will bring full information. 1
W. 0. SAMBORN, General Agent. ||
hmt'1 -631 Market St., San Francisco. H
[carters! cure sick HEADACflE<
sMittle Genuine Must Bear
1 1 VE R "Fac-Sirriile Signature
AMUSE3IENTS.
INGLESIDE
COURSING^ PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Coursing will begin at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue until tha last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $200D
All MIssion-st. cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
JOHX GRACE. Judge. -'
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
§T TO-NIGHT.
y| j j Elmer Walters Co. I '
Q ICp Presenting the Roaring IKn S
g IUIj Comedy-Melodrama. | Ub I
Iff Tramp. =
Rflp To-morrow Matinee— Rflp
«««» "A MILLIONAIRE U^
TRAilP." 1 I 1
I COMING— FLORENCE ROBERTS. I
CAMPBEU AND JOHZTSON; "MIKE,"
TOSTEB'S DOCK
And a Splendid Snow Every Afternooa
and Evening: in the Tneater.
TAKE A RIDE ON* THE
amriATUBE electric raxlboad.
THREE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
Iiosie TouxielX In the Mirror Maze.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5o
When Phoning Ask for "The Chatea."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
San Francisco vs. Oakland
- AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY..
3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY r3 \ M.
SUNDAY 2:30 B. M.
(Ladles Free Thursday and 'Friday.)
Advance Sal« of Seats at 5 Stockton Street.
MISCEIXANEOUS^'^
You Do Up Your Bundle—
"We Do the Rest."
Wrap up your ivashables. let us know
what day each week to call for them and
when you want them delivered at your
door and — dismiss the matter from your
mind. Back they'll come laundered,
fresh, sweet, soft or crisp as the case re-
quires and altogether to . your liking.
This laundry suits men. suits women,
suits everybody. '¦•¦'¦?''-.¦
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MAXXET STBEET.
Telephone South 420.
PnUra DON'T FAIL TO
IdiatC Bee beautito
j COURT Lounging
51 11 fl ' room, the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
r j PALM ROOM. th«
lirSHfl LOUIS XV PAR.
H J. 1- DIES' WRITING
Botels goo*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS, THB
Great Mexican Remedy; gtv«s beeJtb mod
1 •trenstb to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 Market.
STJWJ STRONG
{ SBBKHUh
Food that Nourishes
all day
Grape*Nuts
and Cream.
"There's a Reason.**DEFICIT IN FIREMEN'S PENSIONS.— Th«
Board of Fir« Pension Fund Commissioner!
petitioned the Board of Supervisors yesterday
to devise some means to meet the deficit In th«
June pensions of retired firemen and al«o to
Increase the appropriation of the present fiscal
year for that purpose, so that a recurrence of
the deficit may be avoided.
A. Korber, saloon-keeper, Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street, reported
to the police yesterday that an at
tempt had "been made during the night
by burglars to break Into his saloon.
An effort had been' made' to pry the
padlock off the front door.
Thieves Try to Enter Saloon.
last Sunday, was the most successful
ever held there. The reclassiflcation
made the matches in three of the
classes close. In the second, third and
fourth classes each player had a good
chance to win, but In the first class
some of the players were greatly out
classed.
Trapshootcrs at Ingleside.
The members of the California
Wing Club will meet to-morrow at the
Ingleside traps In their regular shoot
at live birds
The last big open bluerock shoot oi
the year will be the Clabrough-
Golcher handicap at Inglesida on thi
28 th Inst. The shooters will be di
vided into four classes — expert, first
second and third. A Ions list of prize:
are offered in each clasa.
Dr. Mish Under Arrest.
Dr. Solomon C. Mish. Parrott build
ing, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Detectives Ed; Gibson and Graham
and booked at the City Prison on a
felony charge. It Is alleged that the
doctor performed a criminal opera
tion last Saturday afternoon on Edna
Sampson, a girl 19 yea:-s of age. from
Ripon. near Stockton. The girl was
taken to the City and County Hos
pital, where she told her story yester
day morning. It is said that she will
recover. Dr. Mish denies the charge.
He admit: that the girl called upon
him and that he gr.ve her advice, but
that was alL
It is planned to develop the school
by ejow stages and it is the opinion of
educational officials that Faulkner
and Miss Alexander will be perfectly
competent to deal with the difficult
•problems of the new venture.
At to-day's meeting of the Board of
Education Miss Rae Alexander, now
in charge of the receiving class at the
Franklin Grammar School, will be
'transferred to the newly created Pa
rental School as chief assistant to R.
D. Faulkner, who was recently elect
ed principal of the institution.
Miss Alexander is eminently fit for
her new position and was transferred
thereto at the special request of Prin
cipal Faulkner. The pupils of the
Echool will be culled from these juve
nile offenders who will be given a
chance to reform. Should they show
a firm disposition to mend their ways
they will be allowed to return to their
regular schools.
Board of Education Assigns Teacher
to Assist Principal Faulkner In
Difficult Work.
SUSS RAY ALEXANDER
GOES TO PARENTAL SCHOOL
The annual regatta for the DlcWe
cup is scheduled In tha bylaws to b«
raced on the second Sunday In August
A postponement was deemed advis
able, as the measuring of the yachts
would take some time. Only" stamped
boats can compete in this race, so H
was set at the last meeting: for thf
28 th inst.
Vice Commodore Henry London i»
building a yacht which, he hopes t«
have completed in time to compete or
the 28th. London is building the boat
along the lines of his Imp.
O. L. Seavey, one of the chartei
members of the club, has a boat about
completed. Seavey has built manj
small models, but this is the first om
of any size he has attempted. Hii
previous efforts have met with sue*
cess.
With the new set of racing rules,
which minimizes the element of lucfc
in pennant races, and with the meas
uring tank in operation, the model
yacht owners expect the races at
Spreckels Lake, Golden Gate Park. t«
be more satisfactory than formerly.
In the past boats of all sizes and de
scriptions have met on even terms and
some of the smaller ones have stood
absolutely no show.
Measurer L. S. Adams Is busy meas
uring and stamping the yachts of th«
San Francisco Model Yacht Club. H«
expects to have them all measured be
fore the end of next week. Large and
small boats will still meet in competi
tion, but the latter will be given »
time allowance and thus the largt
boats will not win everything In sight
To-morrow -will be the last day ia
which the boats will meet without th«
time allowance.
Large Fleet of Boats Will Compete
for the Dickie Trophy on
Spreckels Lake.
MODEL YACHT OWNERS
READY FOR CUP CONTES1
The ; next .tournament to be played
on. the Golden Gate Park ; courts is
scheduled-for the 14th inst. Entries
close on the 12th inst. It will be a
handicap doubles for the club cups.
j The class singles tournament, which
was completed on the public courts
The annual coast championship ten
nis tournament will commence on Sep
tember 2 at San Rafael and the cracks
are putting in every spare moment in
practice before the nets. It i3 more
than likely all of the challenge
matches will go by default. In the
me,n's doubles Bell and Freeman will
surely not defend. The latter is out
of the State. Bell, the singles cham
pion, is in the East competing in the
national championships and it is
doubtful if he will return in time. May
Sutton, the woman champion, is also
in the East and rumor has it that the
Suttons will not be seen at San Rafael
this year.
The absence of the Southern Cali
fornia champions will lessen the in
terest in the events. Championship
players in this part of the State are
rare. If the southerners stay away
the championship tournament will
simply resolve itself into a match be
tween Drummond MacGavin and
Percy Murdock. Reuben Hunt is ex
pected to arrive in time to play, in
which case the two cracks would have
no sure thing. Hunt was as clever as
either of them whe.i he left here and
he has undoubtedly improved in the
East. Another man who has signified
his intention of entering is Fritz Over
ton of Los Angeles. He is one of the
cleverest players on the coast. These
four would furnish some interesting
matches.
If the Suttons and Miss Dobbins do
not \enter the women's events they
wouM attract but little attention.
There are just three girls in the bay
counties who play any kind of a game
at all and the entry list would be
small. Miss Hotchkiss, Miss Edwards
and Miss Ratcllffe are the only ladies
possessed of much ability.
The tournament committee, antici
pating an unuually large entry list,
decided to start play on the 2d and
thus allow ample time in which to
finish the events. On the 2d the men's
singles and women's doubles will be
started. On Mon'day. the 5th, the
men's doubles will commence.
The challenge . matches will be
played on September 9 and 10.
The Oregon State championship
tournament opens on the 22d inst. at
Portland. The courts of the Multno
mah Athletic ' Club will be used. I
the percentages for the 1904 champion
ship, while if Alameda wins it will
have a * percentage of .65, or only
l-100th below the Pacific .Club's .56,
San Francisco dropping to .44.
Rowing at Stanford University is
still in a bad way and no, signs of
speedy improvement are apparent. At
the end of June the water, which had
been sinking lower and lower in Lake
Lagunita, was drained off, as has been
done each summer. 'The lake is artifi
cial and, though hundreds of tons of
clay have been spread over the bottom
to retain the water. It is still leaky
and can probably never be made tight.
The crews of the University Boat Club
have hitherto practiced on the lake,
but will probably, try to" secure a boat
house on San Francisac' Bay, which is
three miles distant. .
F..J. Sherry, who won the outrigged
ekiff race in the. senior class at the
championship regatta and against
whom a protest was raised by the Ala
meda Boating Club for impeding other
competitors In their course, has been
awarded the first prize. ~ Though he
pulled wildly, and took the water of
each of his competitors in turn, he
neither fouled nor was fouled by either
of them. It was alleged that the Ala
meda representative did not ioul
Sherry because he was afraid of dam
aging the new Alameda racing skiff.
It is obviously absurd to claim the
benefit of a foul if no foul actually was
made.
The Dolphin Boating Club will also
have a representative in- the junior
outrigged skiff race in the Admission
day regatta. He will be selected by
competition.
The regatta to be held on Lake Mer
ritt as a part of the Native Sons of
the Golden West celebration of Ad
mission day will attract crews from
all the clubs except the Olympic Boat
Club, which has shown no signs of life
during the present year. The Dolphin
Boating Club will send two barge
crews, a junior and an intermediate.
The latter will pull in the senior race
also. The intermediate crew will be
made up of the same men that rowed
in the Fourth of July regatta. The
junior crew will consist of new men.
Are Putting in All Their
Spare* Time at the Nets
for the Championships
North Beach Organization to
Be Represented by Crews
in Admission Day Eegatta
PRACTICE ENGAGES
TENNIS PLAYERS
DOLPHIN OARSMEN
ARE QUITE ACTIVE
The members of the Corinthian
Yacht Club will cruise to Petaluma
drawbridge this evening, the tide run
ning flood until 6:46 p. m. at Fort
Point and to a much later hour in
Petaluma Creek. Anchor will be
dropped near the bridge for the night
and to-morrow the fleet will return on
the ebb tide to moorings at Tiburon.
This evening the fleet of the California
Yacht Club, several of which returned
last Sunday from the annual cruise up
the Sacramento River, will sail to
Sheep Island, where fish chowder will
be prepared on the beach to-morrow.
To-day and to-morrow are open on the
programme of the San Francisco Yacht
Club. On Sunday, the 14th inst., there
will be aquatic sports at the club
house at Sausalito.
The Paciflc Inter-Club Yacht Asso
ciation will hold its first meeting of the
present season at the temporary quar
ters of the Merchants' Exchange on
Sansome street on Monday evening
next. The business of the past year
will be wound up and the association
will reorganize for the coming twelve
months. Commodore W. G. Morrow
recently appointed the regatta commit
tee of the San Francisco Yacht Club
as delegates "to the association. The
members of it are ex-Commodore R. S.
Bridgman, Roy C. Ward and C. M.
Gunn. The delegates of the Corinthian
Yacht Club are T. J. Kavanagh, M.
Brennan and F. E. Schober. The rep
resentatives of the South Bay Yacht
Club are S. E. Smith. E. L. Corbin and
T. E. Gibson. The Vallejo Yacht and
Boat Club will be represented by P. J.
Weniger and Carl Siebrand. It is
doubtful whether the Enclnal Yacht
Club will send delegates to the Asso
ciation or not. After organization has
been effected, the delegates will make
the preliminary arrangements for the
ninth annual regatta of the Pacific
Inter-Club Yacht Association to be
held on September 9.
It Is probable that the San Francisco
perpetual challenge cup, won by the
sloop Corinthian, which defeated the
sloop Challenger, the holder of the
trophy in the recent race, will be
turned over to the winning club on
Saturday evening next at the Cor
inthian clubhouse In Tiburon. The
trophy has not been in the custody of
the Corinthian Yacht Club since 1902,
in which year the sloop Challenger'
now owned by W. G. Morrow, won it
from the sloop Harpoon. The return
of the highly-prized trophy to the
Tiburon clubhouse will be made the
occasion of a jollification.
3 3 2 >
3 3 3 a £ n
BATSMEN AND t 1 3 3
CLUB. "SI;* 3 :
¦L B. Richardson, 8.F.C. 7 4|»l03 462 154.00
i. W. Wilding, Pacific... 8 2j»107 307 61.16
V. Jenkins, Santa Crus.. 6 3 *50 139 4(3.33
i. H. WUkes. Pacific 6 Of 101 207 34.60
3. M. Petersen, S. F. C. C 1 »65 125 25.60
V, J. Croll. Alameda 7 0 41 166 23.71
5. M. Foster, Alameda... 8 21 »59 130 21.66
;. H. Ward. Alameda... 8 If 71 145 20.71
1. D. Bowly. Pacific 7 2 *2» 92 18.40
I. Roberts. S. F. C 6 1 36 89 17.60
V. J. Bennlen. Alameda. 7 2 *54 86 17.20
,V. A. McXamara, S.Crui 6 1 M2 ¦ 85 17.00
.V. H. McNaughton, Ala. 8 0 45 133 16.62
r. A. Stahl, Alameda... 7 0 31 102 14.57
i. C. Casidy, Pacific 5 2 *18 43 14.33
.V. Petherlck, Pacific.... 6 1 «41 «9 13.80
r. Myers, Pacific 6f 0| 21 64 10.66
•Not out.
CALIFORNIA CRICKET ASSOCIATION
BOWLING AVERAGES. AUGUST 6. /18O4.
~O K M £ T"
BOWLERS AND 3 Egg.?
CLUB. ' •* 3 " E «
• " ; ? *
5. N. Taylor, Pacific. 68 20 127 16 7^03
S. H. Wilkes. Pacific. 67 15. 154 16 9.62
H. Roberts. S. F. C... 104 23 250 25 10.00
K. Sims. S. C 53 11 107 10 10.70
I. Richardson, 8. F. C 35 B 70 6 ll.iin
?. J. Croll. Alameda.. 124 31 236 20 11.80
SV. McNamara, S. C. 61 7 07 8 12.01
3. H. Ward, Alameda 133 22 279 22 12.68
S. Petereen. S. K. C. 72 18 145 11 13.18
H. C. Casidy. Pacific.. 68 7 169 11 15.36
To-morrow's match will be" unusually
nterestlngr, for, .if San Francisco Coun
:y wins, it will put it at the head of
The representatives of the Alameda
Cricket Club will be selected from the
following: G. Harold Ward (captain),
F. Croll. F. A. Stahl, H. Bird, W. H.
McNaughton, S. M. Foster, G. 1.
Baugh, W. G. Fortmann, V. Seebeck,
J. H. Saunders, J. Brown and George
Croll.
The match played last Sunday on the
Alameda ground resulted in a victory
for W. Jamieson's side over H. Rob
erts' eleven. As the teams were merely
picked up on the field, the scores will
not be reckoned in the batting or bowl
ing averages of the players. H. B.
Richardson is at the head of the tat
ting averages, with A. W. Wilding sec
ond, as on July 23, but Dr. O. N. Tay
lor, who has been absent on a fishing
trip in the Sierras, now stands at the
head of the bowling averages, Wilkes'
performance on July 24 having in
creased his average, while Dr. Taylor's
remained unchanged. The full details
are given below:
CALIFORNIA CRICKET ASSOCIATION
BATTING AVERAGES, AUGUST 6. l»04.
will meet the San Francisco County
team for the fourth time during the
present season. Now that the San
Francisco County team has been
weakened by the removal and defection
of some of its strongest players. It is
about on an equality with the other
two city teams, so that the result of a
contest being uncertain, more interest
is felt in it. The representatives of the
San Francisco County Club will be
chosen from the following: Harold 3.
Richardson (captain), Henry Roberts,
E. M. Petersen, T. J. A. Tiedemann, M.
Eubank, W. R. Stewart, W. E. R.
Rooker, A. Davies, H. F. Pepys, A. C.
Chadwick, E. G. Sloman and Henry
Dixon.
count of the unplayable condition of
the Presidio links.
It is by no means certain that there
will be any contest for the open cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast. The ab
sence of players from the south will
render it impossible to hold a match
between teams representing Northern
and Southern California, so that the
only contests certain to take place are
those for the Del Monte cups, one for
men and another for women. Just
what competitions will be held will be
settled within the next few days. It
is possible the meet will be held dur
ing the week of the 22d to 27th inst.,
as the races to be held by the Auto
mobile Club of California on the 26th
and 27th on the Del Monte track will
attract many visitors at that time.
Though a few players continue to
practice on the Presidio links, the
course has been so much cut up by
cavalry drills that no competitions
have been held by the members of the
San Francisco Golf Club for several
months. On the new course at Ingle
side such work is being done as can be
accomplished in the dry season, burn-
Ing off grass and weeds and stubbing
up bushea. "When the first rains come
In the fall the task of laying out the
course will be prosecuted vigorously.
The winning of the British amateur
championship of 1904 by Walter J.
Travis has drawn much attention to
the aluminum putter used by him
and known as the "mallet" or
"Schenectady" putter. Many great
Scotch golfers still use the old-fash
ioned wooden . putter, among them
being James Braid, Andrew Kirkaldy,
Willie Fernie, Archie Campbell, H. H.
Hilton and Arthur Balfour. The Iron
headed putter is the one used by Harry
and Tom Vardon, A. Herd, W. H. Tay
lor, J. E. Laidlay, Horace G. Hutch
inson and most of the best known mod
ern golfers. The aluminum or "mallet"
putter has been known in England for
more than two years, but there had
been no demand for it. Since the vic
tory of Travis the firm of English mak
ers received orders in a few days- for
nearly two hundred dozen. Nearly
& year ago six dozen were sent out
from London to Hongkong and the
putter is much used in Australia (the
native country of Travis) and New
Zealand. The English retail dealers
! do not dwell much on the merits' of the
aluminum putter, as they have large
stocks, of iron putters on hand, but
they admit that they receive many
inquiries for the new club.
The* makers of the "mallet" say that
Its weight is concentrated at the point
where the shank enters the base, en
abling the player to judge his stroke
tetter and preventing the putter from
turning in the player's hands. The
putter weighs 10 oz. 2 dwts. The won
derful putting of Walter Travis Is,
however, to be attributed to his skill
more than to the club he uses. The
material of the head and the weight
of the putter are not wholly respon
sible.
¦ ? ¦ .
One of two things is liable to happen
to the money a man leaves when he
dies: his widow gives it to her kin or
else ehe gives it to her church.
REMARKABLE PHOTOGRAPH OF THE COLLISION BETWEEN MILDRED 0 AND DR. J IN A RACE AT PLEASANTON TRACK.
Pacing. 2:10 class, pur»*. $600 — Oma A
Daedalian. Dictatrest, Cu»*oo. Kelly Brlces
Pclka Dot. Zolock. Highball, Bdtrin S Alon«|
Tcppy. Delphi, Fredericksburg.
Sarurdarr Trotting. 2:3© class, purse. $.V>0
T"r.a K. MUIbrae. Rrosmont. Princess Belle,
Harry B, Hurky, Talisman, Monocrat. Mamie
R. Princess W. Morosco, Jupiter B Bird
catcher. Pat Rose.
"Stale*, celts and fillies by Gatf Topsail—
tpinnake*. Bonr.ie Jean. Abe Lincoln. Madigan
Pacing. 2:M claes, pur»e. $1000— Billy Red
Norda, Kid. Hsttle Croner. Mildred O Gertie
A: Tom Cameal. Tammany. Cavaliero, Henry
X Dr. J. Sunny Jim. The Mr*. Miss Wlnn.
Dart. Rose <nicrn. Xance O'NelL Baby Ellis
!><«y Petrlna, Blaekwood.
Friday: Trotting, 2:12 class, purse. $500—
PrcbaWe Martyrs: Liege. Pore«t W, Redskia
Princess. Tom Smith
Thursday: Trouinr. 2:16 class, purse, $500—
Ke2ik;n. Louise Croner. Cuaie, \>rona. Ole
Hank. Rozell. Eriney K. Cicero, Sutter. Ring
Rcse. Idlewild. Dol'-lcan, Princess.
Trotting, 2:24 class, purse, $1000— Erosmont.
i elfphont. T*e Trotter. Talisman, Golden Gate
£ ! L* H - G * rtie H. Alcaclta. T C, D. E. Knipht!
Cadie Thompson, Little Babe. H D B. Bain
Abe Millar, Morosco. Jupiter B. Birdcatcher
Lfcdy Mad'.son.
Wednesday. August II: Pacing, 2:15 class
pun*. $500 — Tidal Wave, Linwood Harry
Hhnst. Alto Genoa. Hey <J*l Diablo, Tammanv
CiafT Topsail. Polka Dot. Edwin £
Iac!r.R. green class, $500— Miss Idaho. Corset
a.akcr. Dr W. Cavalier. Flora G, Lady Sham-
C k - *£• J> Tbe MrB - Rub >' H - Uoa e Thorn,
»"»i! Dcrhy. Prince Almo Muriel
Vallejo is to have the best meeting
in its history, judging from the big
lift of entries received for the races,
which start at the navy yard town
Wednesday and which are as follows:
A high class filly appeared in the
two-year-old pacing division of the
Breeders' Futurity stakes on Thurs
day in Delilah, a daughter of Zolock.
She marched the second heat of her
rn.ee in 2:16U. which is th» fastest
mile paced in the United States by a
tuo-year-old this year. Delilah is
owned and was bred by Ben Davies of
San Bernardino. She could doubtless
a mile close to 2:12 if kept in
-training until fall. Her sire. Zolock,
.seemed to realize the great speed of
his first born to race and in the 2:10
pace on the same day reduced his rec
ord from 2:10'i to 2.09U-
Dexter Prince, the grand old stal
ilon which was used at Palo Alto
Ftock farm for many years and is now
the property of A. B. Spreckels, got
a new 2:10 performer when his son,
Lisonjero trotted to a record of 2:0SU
at Buffalo this week.
•The San Jose meeting: will close to
day with a big programme and .1 rec
ord breaking crowd is assured. Many
¦vi\] go fro:n this city.
.The fastest trotter that has an-
I^.ir^d on the circuit bo far is the bay
pelding: Ole. owned by Grace Bros, of
Santa Rosa, and trained and driven
by John Quir.n. Ole took a record of
2:1 1U at San Jose this week and
"Koks as if he might enter the 2:10
class when he hits the Santa Rosa
track. He is by that old time favor
ite race horse, Silas Skinner, 2: IT, and
Kis dam is the £reat brood mare Eve
line, by Nutwood, which has produced
four with records better than 2:22.
The pacers Kelly Briggs and Zo
lock both entered the 2:10 list at San
J<ise on Thursday in the came race.
Kelly Briggs is the first 2:10 perform
er for his sire. Bayswater Wilkes,
owned by Samuel Hoy of Winters.
.Zolock's mile in 2:09'i makes him the
twelfth 2:10 performer for his sire,
McKinney.
From present appearances harness
racir.gr has taken on a new lease of
lire In California, The meeting at
Pleasanton last week was a big suc
cess and the association giving the
meeting cleared nearly a thousand
dollars. Down at San Jose this week
thp Pacific Coast Trotting Horn*
Breeders' Association is having the
largest attendance seen at a harness
meeting in California for a long tirae
end the crowds cheer the winners us
they were wont to do in old times. The
racing 5ir.ee the circuit began his
I'^rn high class. One or two suspi
cious drives have been made, but these
were not passed unnoticed by the
Class Stake — Tralee Lass. Queen of IsIs.
General Dewet. Litt'.e IMunger. Golden For
tune. Tralee Maid, Palo Alto. Fcrtuna Angel,
Commercial Traveler. Miss Florence. Doreen,
Shotgun. Full Moon. Sunny South. ' Heckles*
Acrobat. Carlow Boy. Sir Wlnton. Pure Pearl.
Fannie Hughle. Smller. May Tunison. Aeolu*.
Butte City. Imperious.
Reserve Stake — McHeary, Ma sic Stuff. Mon
bel's. Firm Fellow. Forest Fire. J»rry
Wright. Confusion, Marguerite. Frisky Boy,
Lily Wright. Hermis. Walt for Me. Queen' t
Motto, Ouida. Lady Menlo. Modesto Boy, Topsj
Turvy. Sylvester. Red Hot, Wedgewood, Sum
mer Girl, Lady Russell. Hamburg. Real Paaha.
Tricksy, Real Duchess, Colored Lady. Roy
Hushle. Craljr Lad. Frank Dunn. Tom Hur.
lick. Miss Brummel.
The first round of the reserve stake
and of the class stake will be run r to
day at Ingleside Park. Palo Alto v.ill
be a contender in the class event. The
likely winners look to be:
Beaten dog stake — The Delta, Ready
Address, The Coroner. Blaze, Roman
Athlete, Loretta, La Rosa. Donny
brook, Texas Jim, Dear Gaston.
Belle Marie, Idleness, D R, Rapid Wa
ter, Tamora, Princess Savoy, Icellus.
Crawford Belle, Free from Flaw, Re
misso, Anlmo, Pagliacci, Texas Jill.
Rich Argosy, Rich Array, Gilmore.
Rocked Asleep, Silver Cloud, Wattles.
E. McCormick has registered a little
of puppies by "Wild Tralee-Mollie Me.
Eighteen candidates for this year's
Futurity, which will be run in Septem
ber, will be given an airing-to- morrow
in the beaten dog stake at Union
Park. Eighty trials in all will be run
during the day. The likely winners:
Reserve stake — Fancy Free, Hum
boldt. Amandan, Gambit, Real Article.
Conroy, Mellinwood, Galveston, Red
Pepper, Rose of Gold, Duhallow, Rag
ged Actor.
S. A. Smith has bought Crawford
Belle and Frisco Lad, formerly owned
by E. II. Kellogg.
V. Noble has added Gilmore to his
kennel.
. E. J. McCarthy has bought Imperious
.and Advance Guard.
The annual meet of the California
Coursing Committee will be commenced
one week from to-day at Inglesuis
Park. The first round of a nlnety-3i^
dog stake will be run on Saturday. The
remaining rounds, with the Commkt«e
stake in its entirety, will be run on
Sunday.
The advance nominations for the
Committee stake are: J. O'Shea, Eagle
Bird; John Sutton, Lost Chprd: P. M.
Clarkson, Rector; H. A. Talbot, Rene
gade Apache; Dr. W. J. Hosford, Reck
less Acrobat; ; Peer Tiffany. Friend
less Boy; P. J. Reilly, Clover Blossom;
Teddy Hood, Silver Heels; C. A. Lyon.
The Referee; R. W. Malcolm, Racing
Auto; J. H. Rosseter, Raby Aurora. In
addition to these there will be entries
from two delegates each in Los An
geles, Stockton and Fresno and from
some unattached delegates, making in
all twenty-four entries. The prize
money will approximate $1400.
The draw will be held next Wednes
day night in Pythian Castle.
The Los Angeles Coursing Club has
been reorganized with the following of
ficials: President, T. A. Reynolds; vice
president, E. O. Drown; treasurer, L.
Corder; secretary, Henry Lyons; stew
ards — T. Roach, G. Strangeman. J.
Boulger; executive committee — E.
Janicki, E. O. Drown. D. C. Weldon
and C. Smith; delegates to California
Coursing Committee — E. Janicki and E.
D. Morden.
..The Bay Gelding Is Expect
.(¦(I to Enter the 2:10 Class
• lit the Santa Rosa Track
OLE IS' A FAST TROTTER
The St. Louis Exposition has proved
so great a counter-attraction to the
golfers of Southern California that it
is not likely any ladies from that part
of the State will come up to Del Monte
to take part in *he annual contest for
the women's championship of the Pa
cific Coast Golf Association, which was
deferred from an earlier date on ac-
R. G. Brown, secretary of the Pacific
Coast Golf Association, has returned
from Central America and is making
arrangements f«>j- the annual meet on
the Del Monte course.
To-morrow on the ground at Webster
street. Alarneda, the Alamcda eleven
A team selected and captained by the
Rev. S. H. Wingfleld-DJgby, chaplain
of the Seamen's Institute of this city,
will play a match this afternoon on the
Adams ground near Oakland Creek
against an eleven made up of sailors
from the British vessels moored in San
Antonio estuary. These matches are
becoming regular occurrences and are
much enjoyed by those who takej part
in them, as well as by a small body of
spectators.
Leashmen of Los Angeles
Perfect an Organization
to Promote the Sport
NEW CLUB IX THE SOUTH
Circuit Meetings at Pleas
anton and at San Jose Are
an Unqualified Success
Loss of Struggle on Sunday
Will Pull San Francisco
Club Down to Third Place
Animal Contests of Pacific
Coast Golf Association to
Be Held at End of August
Yachtsmen of Oakland Creek
Sail to Sheep Island and
Drop Hooks for the Night
Annual Event of California
Conrsin<r Committee Prom
ises Exciting Kuuniiii*
GOLFERS READY
TO COMPETE FOR
DEL MONTE CUPS
COUNTY CRICKET
TEAM TO TACKLE
ENCINAL ELEVEN
TIBURON FLEET
CRUISES UP TO
THE DRAWBRIDGE
HOUNDS OF CLASS
ARE NOMINATED
IN RICH STAKE
HARNESS RACING
SEEMS RESTORED
IN PUBLIC FAVOR
DELILAH PACES FASTEST MILE SHOWN BY TWO-YEAR-OLD THIS YEAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 6, 190*.
10Eddie Hanlon was introduced and
the spectators went wild with enthus
iasm after "Cute" had concluded a
cleverly worded : little speech.
Mike McBride and Jim Bradley
fought the prime battle of the night,
McBride finally getting his man in the
third. It was rough going all the
way, with both men swinging and
landing so often that each would have
quit had he been given a peep at a
feather bed. Al Elkins and Abel La
bel fought two tame rounds, when the
referee stopped the bout and warned
the men to fight." They did better dur
ing the next' two and Label' was given
the decision. .
Joe Kelly outpointed Jack Doyle in
a good go, and Mike Kutchous put
Billy Brennan out of the going in two
spasms.
The best that "Charles Augustus
could do last night when he faced Lew
Powell in Mechanics' Pavilion Annex
was to stall around for three rounds,
take a bad beating and then go down
so often that the police were forced
to stop the bout.' Powell had to much
class and again demonstrated that he
is the peer of any. lightweight fighting
around these parts. The go was the
main event of the Lincoln Club's show
and drew a full house.
There were rumors of fake and dou
ble cross after Joe Larkin hit Bob
Cairns a terrific smash on the jaw
that put him in the land of blissful
memories. Cairns was winning and
had things easy when in the third Lar
kin crossed him with his right and
that gout was no more. It was tipped
that Larkin was to take the count,
but double-crossed his man. Both
boxers denied this.
Joe Larldn Gives Bob Cairns His in
the Third Round nnd Crowd
. Suspects Fake.
POWELL HAS TOO MUCH -V,
CLASS FOR AUGUSTUS
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOTJIS. Aug. 5.— The St. Louis Ameri
cana defeated Washington to-day in a ninth
inning finish by a <;ore of 5 to 4. Hynes. a
local boy, played right field for St. Louis. Ha
made two singles and scored the winning run.
Attendance 2200. Score:
' R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 10 1
Washington 4 7 3
Batteries — Glade and Kahoe; Townsend and
Clarke.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 5.— Powell was a
mystery to Cleveland. Attendance 3400. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 0 4 2
New York 5 13 1
Batteries — Bernhard, Moore and Buelow;
Powell and McGuire.
DETROIT. Mich.. Auk 5— For the first
time this year Detroit managed to beat Boston
with Young pitching. Attendance 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 4 12 3
Boston 3 5 O
Batteries — Mullin and Bevllle; Young and
Crlser.
CHICAGO. Auj. 6. — The Chicagos' errors
were costly and gave the visitors three of their
four runs. Attendance 9000. The score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 7 3
Philadelphia 4 5 0
Batteries— Owen' and Sullivan; Plank and
Powers.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 5.— In the eleventh
Inning Cincinnati scored three runs on two hits
and two errors, winning the game. Attendance
Cincinnati 5 12 i
Philadelphia S 12 0
Batteries — Walker and Schlel: Duggleby and
Roth. Umpires — Zlmmer and Moran.
BOSTON. Aug. 5. — McNichols.. though lack-
Ins control, was effective to-day, Boston win
ning. Delehanty"* two-base hit scored two
runs in the first Inning and bunched hits
brought in Boston's oth«r run. Attendance
1750. Score: • r - £
Boston 8 10 .1
St. Louis 2 B 1
Batteries — McNlchols and Needham; Dun-,
leavy and McLean. Umpire — Johnston*.
NEW YORK, Aur. B.— The Chicago-New
York and Plttsburg-Brooklyn National League
eames were postponed to-day on account of
rain. _
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Alma Du
four 100, White Plume 05, Monastic 100, Bear
catcher 104, Prince Silverwings 104, Ananias
104, Kohlnoor 107. Dalvay 117.
Fifth race, one mile — Ahola 102, Birch
Broom 102, Princess Tulane 102. Talpa 104,
Fonsoluca 106, Incubator 107, Huzzah 114. I
Sixth race, five furlongs— Moorish Damsel 98
La Slgette 08, Lady Ellison 08, Raining
Leaves 08. The Pet 08. Lady Fashion 08 In
tense 08. Irene O 98, Fleetwood 101, Costigan
101,- Weberflelda 101, Peter Durel 101, Matador
101, Happy Jack 101, Flaxman 111.
Seventh rac*. one and a sixteenth miles,-sell
ing—Don't Ask Me 84, Bluemint 00, Frivol 0«
Maud Muller 07, Cardinal Wolsey 10O, Federal
100, Jake Greenberg 101, Celebration 103 Ben
Chance 104. Royalty 107, Sioux Chief 107 Rag
Tag 108. Tancred 110.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5. — The Maywood
handicap at one mile and 100 yards
will be the feature event to-morrow at
Harlem. The entries:
First race, six and a half furlojigs — Nannan
100. Viola 100. Phil Finch 102, Delagoa 107.
Wainanjolnen 107.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, handi
cap—Useful Lady 04, Bell Klnney 05, Lady
Elllflon 95, Bologna i»5, Allen Avon 07, Rams
Horn 104, Mum 1C5, Subtle 100.
Third race, one mile and 100 yards, the May
wood handicap— Havifand 95, Lurallghter 95,
Miss Crawford 104, Gregor K 106, Huzzah 107,
Judge Hlmes 108, Beau Ormonde 111, Tokalon
113.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
First race — Renaissance, Mellwood,
Prevenlativc. ,
Second race — Metlakatla, Worth
ington, Lady Lavish. „
Third race — Dishabille, Lucky
Charm, Red Leaf.
Fourth race — Chnrlie Thompson,
Thane, Bennett's Best.
Fifth race — Jack Young, Harmakis,
Flying Torpedo.
Sixth race — Six Shooter, Folics
Bergeres, Just So.
Seventh race— Trapsettcr, Joe Goss,
Dolly Gray.
Condition of track—^ood.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
(National League.) I (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York... 64 25 .71!>;New York... 54 3* .614
Chicago 54 36 .e00 Chicago 57 36 .613
Pittsburg ..."2 3« .5DlBortbn 55 S5 .611
Cincinnati ..55 3S .591i?hlladelphla.5O 3S .5«S
St. Louis ...40 44 .527 Cleveland -.48 39 .552
Boston 35 5!> .372 St. Louis ...85 43 .422
Brooklyn ...32 61 .544 Detroit 33 53 .3U8
Philadelphia. 24 C6 .207 Washington. .13 63 .207
Powell Is In Grand Form and Retires
Cleveland Without a
Single Run.
STANDING OF THE CLUB3.
AMATEUR HELPS ST. LOUIS
DEFEAT THE WASHINGTON'S
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 5: — The entries for
to-morrow's races at the Fair Grounds
follow:
- First ¦ race, eleventh-sixteenths of a mite,
selling— Mellwood 109, Fred Prtesmeyer 104,
My Eleanor 100, A Lady- its, Tim Hurst 98,
Preventatlve »S. Inflammable 95. La Princess
85. Renaissance 95, Pillar 93.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Irby
Bennett 1C« Pierce J 108. Worthington 10O,
Miss Manners 98, Mohave 98. Sam Stevens 98,
Kennlngton OS, Hucena 08, Metlakatla 08,
Radium 9«5. Lady Lavish 03. Lona S 01.
¦ Thiru race, six furlontrs^ — Red Leaf 105.
Di.-habille 105, Dameron 90. A. Muskoday 97,
Lucky Charm 07. Monaco Maid 94. (Dishabille
and Lucky Charm, Bennett entry.)
Fourth race, the Mississippi selling 1 stakes,
mile— Charlie Thompson 107. Hike 103. Thane
CO, Mafalda »7, Orient 00. (Orient and Ma
falda. Hayes entry.)
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, purse^ —
Flying Torpedo 10S, Jack Young 101, Light
Opera 98, Claremont 98, Harmakis 98.
Sixth rare, six furlongs, purse — Six Shoot?r
110. Ice Water 105. Just So 100, Rebo 100,
J. W. O'Neill 100. Follies Bergeres 88.
Seventh race, sevtn furlongs, se...ng—Oper
ator 113, Dolly Gray 103. Crime 103. Joe Ocas
100. Trapsetter 100. Velos 100. Aggie Lewis 01.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
3JIXEIVS CONDITION* IMPROVES.
Jack 3funroc's Mighty Mu^les Are
Becoming More Sharply Defined.
Jack Munroe is commencing to
show the effects of steady training in
the sharply defined muscles of his
arms, legs and shoulders and In his
general athletic appearance. He is.
well balanced on his feet and is sel
dom caught off his guard.
The usual crowd thronged his gym
nasium yesterday at the beach and
saw him box three rounds with Harry
Chester and two with Andy Gallagher.
Twin Sullivan did not box with him.
He had some brisk practice with
Gallagher and the medicine ball after
his bout with the gloves. The ball
was thrown chiefly at his shoulders
to give him practice protecting his
head.
After his indoor work Jack took his
customary plunge in the ocean. This
Is the part of his" day's programme in
which he finds his greatest pleasure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA, Aug. 5.— In addition to
the defeat of five favorites, the features
of to-day's racing were the two races
won by "Woodford Clay. The first was
a six-furlong handicap, won by Flying
Ship, which was much the best in the
race. She was badly hampered all
around the far turn and again at the
last furlong pole her rider, Helgesen,
took desperate chances to get through
the rail. Flying Ship won by a
head from Shrine.
The plunge of the day was made by
Messrs. Gates and Drake on the latter's
filly, Ocean Tide, which was making
her first appearance this year. More
than $20,000 was wagered on Ocean
Tide by Messrs. Gates and Drake. Mr.
Pratt, the Buffalo plunger, bet heavily
on Shrine, while Armenia was also well
supported. The bulk of the money bet
on Flying Ship was for third- place, al
though Mr. Lewisohn had |500 on her to
win at 12 to 1.
Mr. Clay's second victory came in the
fourth race, a handicap over the turf
course, for which Grand Opera, with
126 pounds up, was favorite. Outcome
was the Clay representative, and she
was backed down from 15 to 1 to 8 to 1.
The Musketeer and Xew York made all
the running. At the head of the stretch
New York drew clear, but Outcome,
which left the barrier next to last and
had gradually made up her ground,
came on in pursuit. The contest was ex
citing and ended in' a head victory for
the Kentucky mare. Grand Opera was
never dangerous, though he was a fair
third for six furlongs. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; mares; all ages;
nandlcaji: ¦
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
10 to 1— Flying Ship. 118 (Helgsn) 8 4n lh
8 to 1— Shrine. 112 (Cormack)... 1 1 h 2 h
00 to 1— Letcrta. 100 (Crimmins).. 7 0 1 32
rime. 1:15 1-5. Start good. Won driving-.
.nner, K. Clay's b. f. by Flying Dutchman-
Phatla. Adriutha. Missing Ling, Armenia,
Divination, Ocean Tide, Louhania, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.'
9 to 2 — Augur, 119 (Martin)^ 4 2 1 11
7 to 1— St. Bellane, 119 (Redfern). 1 41 2h
9 t'>2— Jack Lory, 110 (Odom) 3 5 1 3 5
Time, 1:07 1-3. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. R. Keene's ch. g. by St. Leonards-
Setress. Agile. Mistress, Allumnor. Dandelion,
Waterside, Bulwark, Derry. -finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
selling:
Btttinff. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
8 to 1— Green Crest, 98 (Travrs> 2 1 1>J1 4
8 to 1— Brooklynite, 101 (Kunz)13 10 1 2 1U
100 to 1— The Globe, 07 (Croughn) 3 6 tj 3 U,
Time, 1:40 2-6. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. F. R. Hitchcock's b. g. by Goldcrest
1-thel Green. Glisten, Ascetic, Requlter. Belle
of Bellemeado, Monster, St. Breeze, Monte
bank. Wizard. Champlaln, Stone Arabia, fin
ished as named.
FOURTH RACE— On« and a sixteenth miles;
handicap for all ages:
I'., nine. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
8 to 1— Outcome. 113 - (J.Martn) 9 3 1 1 h
4 to 1— New York. 104 (Crmmn) 6 1 h 2 1?4
25 to 1— Pr. Ching,,J04 (Cchran) 8 4 ft 3 3fci
Time. 1:48. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. W. Clay's b. f. by Sir Dlxon-OUle Glenn.
Claude. Gold . Dome. The Musketeer, Sals,
Grand Opera. Hindred, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth
miles; selling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Keynote. 103 (Crimmins)ll 3 h 1 %
8 to 1— Conkllngr. OS (Lee) 1-4 1 2 3>4
12 to 1— Palmreader 100 (Olph) 7 7 h 3 h
Time, 2:01 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. A. Kyle's b. g. by Chorister-Rap
ture. Lady Potentate, Flara, Mnckcy Dwyer.
Prince Salm Salm, Allan. Hymettls. Dauphin,
Cottage Maid, Easy Street, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five and R half furlongs:
selling; maiden flllles and geldings; two-year
olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Cotillion. 110 (Redfrn) 3 1 h 1 1^
11 to 10— Mirthless. 105 (Travrs) 7 4 h 2 2
15 to 1— Gold Fleur. 110 (Shaw) 6 3 2 3 l>j
Time. 1:08 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, F. Regan'e ch. f. by Kingston-Merry
Dance. Sparkling, Redouln. Calmness, High
Life. Suffice. Gotowin, Rosemary. Kane, Hal
nilra. Sportsman. Dixarlna. Dance Music, Ko
lanlka, "crrle Lassie, finished as named.
It was three straight against the j
Commuters yesterday at Recreation
Park. They were blanked all the way
and never had any ginger after San i
Francisco thot three over in the initial |
round. After that, there was no scor- \
Ing, although lots of hard drives were j
Boused about the field. Score, S to 0. !
Barber had everything, intruding
conSdence, to make the Oaklanders
quU. This they did before the game
was well begun. Occasionally they got
men on the bases, but then Barber be
came stronger than ever and the Com- |
miners were powerless. McKune could
hit only a little dinky bounder to Bar
ber with the bases full and two down
in the seventh.
That first inning was an auspicious
une and the resound of those wallops
can be heard about Eighth street yet.
Caldron died on a grounder, but Hil
iicbrand put a "Texas leaguer" out to
right field. Meany drew a pass. Cy
Townsend blnged a rollicking two
eacker out to left and both runners
came in. Anderson followed the cue
of Cy and it was three rtght there.
After that round, Graham pitched
good baseball and was aided by luck"
and by three clever double plays. IHls
fielders all played the game and no
errors happened. Moskiman was sent
In to bat for McKune in the ninth with
two gone and he responded with a
safety to right field. Francks ended
the agony by striking out.
Oakland got just as many hits as the
hnme team, but none of them counted.
Of the twelve bingles lined out In the
gajne, eight of them were for double
the distance. Anderson came through
with two of these. Julie Strelb also
annexed a pair. Gorton made a couple*
of good catches out In left field that
undoubtedly cut oft runs. Graham hit
t.he ball an awful wallop every time
he came to the bat, but he had no
luck. Twice he lined it right to Gor
ton and in the ninth inning he shot the
leather directly to Anderson on a per
fect bound. The score:
Oakland — i San Francisco —
AB.R. H. P.A. 1 AB.R, H. P.A.
FrnVf.E* 4 0 14 4 Waldn.cf 4 O 1 O O
Gar.2y. rf 4 A O S O Hldbd.ss 4 113 2
r>r.!vj-,lf 4 0 0 0 0 Meany.rf 2 1 - 4 0
Krger.cf 4 O 0 3 2 Tni=nd,lb 4 1 1 11 0
Devrx.3b 4 0 0 2 1 Irwtn.3b 4 0 0 1-2
t-trelb.lb 4 0 2 7 O Andsn.2b 3 0 2 0 3
l«}-rnes.e 4 0 14 0 Gorton.lf 3 0 0 5 0
CJrshm.p 3 O O 1 1 Leahy, c 4 0 0 3 2
M-Kne.2b 3 0 11 2 Barber, p 2 O 1 O 0
•Mfkman 10 10 0,
1 Totals. 30 3 6 27 14
"Totals. 35 0 6 27 10:
•Battf^d fcr McKuae In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Fan Francisco ...3 0000000 0—3
Base hits 3101 1OOO O— 6
Oakland O 0 0 O O 0 O O 0 — 0
Base hits 0 111110 0 1—6
SUMMARY.
Errors— Anderson. Hildebrand. Barber. Two
l>a?e hit* — Hildetrand. Townsend, Anderson 2.
Francks. Streib 2, Barber. First base en er
rors — Oakland 3. First base on called balls —
OJT nart*r 2. oJI Graham 4. Left on bases —
tan Francisco 5. Oakland 9. Struck out — By
Barber 2. by Graham 4. Hit by pitcher — An
derson. Double rl«>'» — Anderson to Hilde
brand to Tcwr.srnd; Graham to Devereaux to
: Franekr: McKutif to Kruirer to Etrelb: Knurer
to Ftre-.b. Time of same — 1:35. Umpire —
OCcnntll.
ELECTRIC CITY STAKES
AVON BY SWEET 3IARIE
Fast Time Is the Rule In the Grand
Circuit Harness Races at
Buffalo.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Aug. 5. — Buffalo
closed its most successful Grand Cir
cuit meeting in years with another
good crowd and sharp racing at Kenil
worth Park this afternoon. Summary:
2:10 pace, two In three, purse $1000 — Ben F
won two straight heats in 2:09»i. 2:11%. Miss
Ophelia, John F, Roy B and Sadie Baron also
started.
The Iroquois Hotel Stakes for 2:14 class pac
ers, two in three heats, purse $2000 — Black
Hal won the first and third heats In 2:10, 2:09.
Baron Grattan won the second heat In 2:O8V4.
Angus Pointer and John Burns also started.
The Electric City Stakes for 2:11 class trot
trrs. two In three heats, purse $5000 — Sweet
Marie won the second heat in 2:09^ and was
second in the other two heats. Tiverton won
the third hfat in 2:00 and was third and sec
ond In the other two heats. John Taylor won
the first heat In 2:09*«. Robert M Ijadr Gail
Hamilton. Judge Green. Lady Patchle, Nat J
and General aiso started.
nORSEMAX AND A JOCKEY
ARE RULED OFF THE TURF
Fred Foster and Cliarles Gray Are
Punished for Suspicious Running
of the Horse Poseur.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5. — Fred Foster,
the well known horseman, and Jockey
Charles Gray, who were recently sus
pended by the Harlem officials be
cause of the suspicious running of the
horse Poseur, were ruled off the turf
for life to-day after an investigation.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SARATOGA, Auff. 5. — The $50,000
Great Republic stakes will be run here
for the first time to-morrow. Water
boy will carry top weight, 129 pounds.
Hermis is an absentee, owing to lame
ness. The day's entries:
First race, seven furlongs, selling: — Court
maid 104, Atwootl 104, Castallan 104, Turnpike
103. Sidney C. Love 103, Dick Bernard 103. W.
R. Condon 103, Right and True 103, Witch
•craft ns. Foxy Kane 9S, Judge 94. Old Enp
land 05, Belle of Portland 91, f Monte Carlo
103. Girdle 03, Athel OS. If
Second race, the Beverick strfplechase. full
course — Land of Clover 16S. Fox Hunter 162,
Presgrave 152, Inspector Stevens 150. Tip Gal
lant 150, St. Jude 14S. Amur 145. Adjldaumo
148, Flying Virginian 133, Alum Water 130.
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, the
Saratoga Special— Sysonby 122, Britisher 122,
Hot Shot 122.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles, three
year-olds and up the Great Republic stakes,
SSO.OOO— Waterboy 129, The Picket 126. Delhi
110 Acefull 111. Knight Errant 05, Grey Friar
JOS. Mercury 08.
Fifth race, one mil*, three-year-olds and up,
selling — Elliott 112. fl"lre Eater 108. Old Eng
lend 108, Sovereign 100. Homestead 106, Easy
Street 10<> Locket 100. Aurumaster 104, Irish
Witch 104, Cottage Maid 104, Sir Ship 103.
Stillcho 103, Irascible 103. Unmasked 103,
Agnes D 102. Canteen 93, Phantom 93, Pin?
Pong 01. Queen Belle 91. Pennant 104, Court
maid 104, Naughty Lady 97.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, three
year-olds and up handicap — Africander 123,
Pulsus 114, Fort ' Hunter 113, Graziallo 113,
Cloverland 111, HlKh Chancellor 109, Carbuncle
102, Palmbearer 102.
McGovern Will Not Fight XeLson.
Sam Harris, representing Terry Mc-
Govern, has declined the offer of a
match with Nelson for next month.
McGovern would be willing to meet
either Britt or Corbett, but shies at
Nelson. The latter is a hard nut to
crack and If Terry won it would not
Slve him back his title.
V£. SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning: Telegraph.
First race — Girdle, W. R. Condon,
Old England. ) >/ v ;
Second race; — Chamblet entry, St.
Jude, Presgrave.^
Third race^ — Sysonby, Britisher, Hot
Shot.
Fourth race — Accful, Knight Er
rant, Waterboy.
Fifth race — Elliott, Old England,
Queen Belle.
Sixth race— Cloverland, Palmbearer,
Graziallo.
Condition of track — Fast.
FISH Kit's CASTOFF DOES WELL.
Iitfhor Hastings Shuts Out Ills Old
Team Mates at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 5.— Ira
..Hastings, th» castoff Tiger, went in
• the box for Portland to-day and made
• Mique Fisher unhappy. Two hits he
g"ave his former team mates, but that
. was all. Tacoma was whitewashed.
There were errors back of Hastings
f that might have resulted disastrouslj',
hjut the twirler never let himself be
\vorried and worked out his own sal
ivation. Thielman was in the game
• also. In left field, substituting for the
. 'injured Nadeau, he made a couple of
st«ps that won recognition from the
fens. His long drive to left field
_ scored the only two runs of the game.
• Jufet before the game was called:
" Mique Fisher was presented with a
etein by some admirer. The score:
Portland— t Taccma—
Ann. H. P.A.! AB R n pi
WCM1. rf3 1 3 0 0Sh*hn. 3b 4 0 0 11
• I ? n ;u f3 ° 1 X »M-Lim.lf4 0 0 0 0
Beck. lb. 4 0 1 10 2 Eagan, s 3 0 0 " 5
. Drnan cf 2 0 0 3 0 Lynch. Ib3 0 0 8 O
- . Castro Cb 4 0 1 2 l: Casey. 2b 2 O 0 « 4
Rymnd, s 3 0 0 2 7'Thmas.rf 3 O 0 •» o
litotes. P_3 2 0 OKeefe. p. 3 O 1 0 0
• ; Tot*ls.2S 2 S 27 I7l ToU1s.27 ~0 ~2 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BY IXNINGS.
: .portuna o 0200000 x— •»
Eat* hits 10 2 1112 0 x— S
Tacoma OOOOOOOOO— O
JBate hlt» u ooooioi 0 2
SUMMARY.
Err 13 "— Thictean. Caetro. Raymond O
'. Dcyle. Stolen bases— Thielman. UcCreedie t")
Castro. Bases on balls— Off Hastings. 3; off
• Ktefe. 4. Struck out-By X^fe. 8. Two-base
bit— Hastings. Pacrtflce hit— Hogaa Double
•.T>:«y»— Cawy to l^ Ban to Lynch; fencer to
. 13eck- Lrft on bare»— Portland 7. Taccm* &
• . F^irt base on errors— Tacoma 4. Pa Me d ball—
Hocan. Time cf reme— One hour and forty
i minutes. Umpires— Brown and McDonald.
Another Prize' for Yacht Ingomar.
COWES, Isle of Wight, Aug. 5. —
The American schooner yacht Ingo
mar to-day won another Royal Yacht
squadron prize. of $500 for yachts of
more than 100 tons, defeating six
yachts, including Kaiser William's Me
teor.
ANOTHER DEFEAT FOR ANGELS.
-Seattle Has All the Luck Besides
Hitting Baum Freely.
.*• ; LOS ANGELES, Aug. 5. — Williams
was too much for .the locals to-cfay
. 'irntil the seventh inning, when he be
"came wild and ineffective. C. Hall" was
¦^ aent in before the inning ended and
•probably saved the game. Baum was
' flit freely. The visitors had all the
luck there was going and got several
Hunt Is Again a Winner.
- MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Aug. 5.—
Play in the Northwestern tennis tourn
ment to-day reached the semi-finals In
singles, In which R. G. Hunt of Cali
fornia defeated J. B. Lamed of Lake
Forest, 111.,' 7-5, 6-3, 11-9. In the
semi-finals in doubles Waidner of
Chicago and Hunt defeated Wallace
and Hale of Minneapolis 6-0, 6-3," 6-4.
hits by sheer chance. The locals field
ed loosely.' Score:
Los Angeles— i Seattle—
AB.R. H. P.A. ! AB.R. H. P.A.
Hrnrd. cf 4 0 0 3 liVHItn.cf 4 0 0 4 0
»r«hr. lb 2 0 0 14 0 Mohlr. 2b 5 2 1 2 3
bmith 3b 4 0 0 2 2 Dlhty. 3b 5 0 3 1 1
av i h 'J»[ 1 ' 2 " 1 Frisk. If. 4 2 1 0 0
* lood. 2b 3 1 2 3 4 BlkEhp.lb 3 0 2 15 0
w^™* 1^ " J A J ° 4 CSmth.rf 4 0 12 1
Jtoas. If.. 4 Oil OHall. s... 3 O 0 1 C
fcplw. c. : o o 4 0Wli6on,c4 Olll
Baum, p. 3 0 O O 4|WiHms.p 2 2 10 1
•Eagar..._lj>_i j> OC. Hallip 1 0 0 11
Totals.32 3 7 27 lo' Totala.35 ~C 10 27 14
•Eagar batted for Baum in nlntlfc
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lob Angeles 0000003 0 O 1
Base bits 0 10100212^7
Seattle 2 0 1 0 01 •» o n-. it
Base hits 2 0 110 2 3 0 1^10
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Bernard, C. Smith. Errore—
Flood <2). Toman. Spies, Van Hal tren Blank.
cn*hip. Hlt»-On: Williams. 4. Home run—
Crarath. Sacrifice hiu— Van Haltren. BlaSk
enshlp. Baees on errors— Log Anseles 1 seat
tie 3. Left. on bases — Log Angeles 7. Seattln
7. Bases on balls— Off Williams. 4; oft Baiim
2. Struck out— By B«um. 2; by Williams l
Double plays— C. Smith to Blankenship; Flood
to Brashear; C. Hall to Blankenshlp. Hit by
pitcher — Williams. Time of game — One hour
and fifty-five minutes. Umpire — McCarthy
I.HHMWH.HM Ai— mm i — — MWi— i -:.„ . . * *
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 5. — Frank I*
Kramer of East Orange, N. J., tha
present national cycling champion,
added materially to his chances of
again capturing: the title this year as
the result of the Grand Circuit and na
tional amateur championship bicycle
meet which closed here to-day.
Kramer won a total of forty-nine
points during the meet. W. S. Fenn,
of Waterbury. Conn., was second
among the professionals, with a total
of twenty-three points. Points made
by leading amateurs were: ll. L. Hur
ley, New York Athletic Club. 22; Bur
ton Downing, San Jose, Cal, 18. Sum
mary:
Two-thirds of a mile. Grand Circuit Cham
pionship—Won by Frank I* Kramer; W. 8.
Fenn, eecond; Floyd Krebs, Newark, N. J.,
third. Time, 1:40 4-5.
One mile. Amateur National Championship
of America — Won by M. L. Hurley: Burton
Downing, eecond; Teddy Binington. Vailsburs.
N. J.. third. Time. 2:41 3-5.
Two miles, handicap, professional — Won by
T. F. Root. Boston, 50 yards; John Bedell, Lynn
brook, N. Y.. 50 yards, aecond; Menu* Bedell.
Lynnbrook. N. Y.. T5 yards, third. Time.
4:17 2-5.
Twenty-five mil« Amateur National Cham
pionship — Won by Burton Downing of San
Jose; A. F. Andrews. Indianapolis, aecond;
Oeorsw Wiley, Syracuse, N. Y.. third. Time.
1:10:55 2-6.
One-third of a mile, consolation, professional
— Won by Oliver Dorlon. Sheepahead Bay, N.
Y.: G. A. Collette. Salt Lake City. Utah, sec
ond; F. R. Schreppa, Australia, third. Time.
:42 3-5.
PONY RACING ASSOCIATION
ABANDONS TWO 3IEETINGS
Owing to Lock of Entries There Will
Be No Gatherings at Santa Bar
bara or Del Monte.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 5. — Secre
tary T. A. Driscoll of the California
Polo and Pony -Racing Association
announced to-day that the race meet
ing of the association scheduled to
take place in Santa Barbara on the
25th and 27th Insts. had been called ofC
on account of the small number of
owners who were able to send ponies"
and horses here. Mr. Driscoll has just
returned to his summer home In Santa
Barbara after a flying trip to San
Francisco in the interests of the asso
ciation. The absence from the coast
of some of the most influential mem
bers of the association and the small
number of ponies in training by the
other members effectually defeated
the plans of the association.
The polo tournament to be held
by the association In Santa Barbara on
the 17th. 18th and 20th will be held
as originally scheduled. Mr. Dri3coll
stated positively that there would be
no meeting of the association at Del
Monte this summer, as he did not con
sider it would be fair to Santa Barbara 1
to cut its dates In favor of the former
place.
RABBITS* FEET FAHj TO
SAVE HORSE TRAINER
diaries Pleasant, a Negro, Wins and
Lioscs Ten Thousand Dollars
and Then Hangs Himself.'
With three rabbits' feet in hia
pocket for good luck Charles Pleasant,
a negro, went into the Sutro forest
back of Ingleside yace^rack yesterday
morning - and hanged himself to a
Monterey cypress tree. The branch
to which the rope was fastened was
not more than five feet high and when
the dead body was found the knees
of the corpse were only a few inchej
above the ground.
Pleasant came to this city about
eight years ago from Chicago with
$10,000 that he had won on the races.
Similar speculation on, T tliis_ coasc
ruined him.
He had been employed recently as
a horse trainer for W. B. Jennlnga
and had been despondent for several
days. He was 35 years old. a widower
and had been living at 249 Jules ave
nue.
COOK OLSEX DEMANDS
DAMAGES FROM SHIP
Says That Mate Genesen Beat Him
on Board the Schooner Sehome
Without Just Cause.
- James Olsen, /formerly cook on
board the schooner Sehome. filed a
suit yesterday in the United States
District Court against the schooner to
recover $1000 damages and $357 al
leged to be due as wases.
Olsen alleged that he shipped at
San Pedro for Puget Sound and on
one occasion during the voyage N. P.
Genesen, the mate, beat and abused
him. The complaint charges that
when Olsen complained to Captain
Mattlson the captain requested him to
go to a place where ships do not sail
and to get out and walk upon tho
waves if he didn't like his treatment.
The rude language and unsympa
thetic attitude of the skipper, Olsen
says, made him sick, but he thinks
that $1000 in United States gold cola
will enable him to convalesce In good
style. The complaint does not stata
why the mate beat the cook, whether
It was that the corned beef hash was
not to his liking or whether Olsen
gave him some hot sauce that wa»
not on the bill of fare.
Manila Customs Collections.
For the year ended June 30, 1904.
the customs collections at Manila
amounted to J7.140.803 47. During
the same period at this port the cus
toms collections were $7,448,881 97.
An incident illustrative of the care
lessness that at times characterizes
Jeff's work occurred two days ago. The
big fellow x was not satisfied to work
in the ordinary way with the immense
sandbag, but held the 350 pounds on
his head, much to the apprehension of
the training crew. During his shadow
boxing yesterday he was in dangerous
proximity on several occasions with a
weight machine.
Jeff was out on the road this morning
for a four-mile spin and returned In
good shape.
Joe Kennedy has been troubled with
a sore ear for several days, and this
has deferred the boxing.
Jim is rapidly rounding into condi
tion and could go twenty rounds with
out further work. Delaney says the
champion Is In such fine fettle that he
would be satisfied to allow Jeff to go
to New York and back before the fight.
Jeff Indulged in a game of baseball
yesterday afternoon, which was fol
lowed by a rubdown. He rests and eats
well and his wind is almost in perfect
form.
HARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. 5.— Jeffries,
the champion pugilist of the world, who
knows not the meaning of fear in the
ring, has been frightened by a bee.
During his gymnasium work yesterday
Jeff discovered one of the members of
the "honey trust" buzzing contentedly
around the room. It was somewhat
amusing to see the perturbation the in
sect caused the big fellow. He sus
pended training operations until the
bee had been killed.
Special Dispatch to The Ca.ll.
V\\ I* Pet. 1 W. L. PoL
*^attl« 7 3 .700 Portland ... 4 « .400
ra.com*. . ... 6 4 .«oo San Fran... 4 «: .4U0
Loa Ar.ff>t. «t 4 .WW, Oakland ... 3 7 .SOU
BTAN-DING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
Breeders* Futurity, two-year-olds, trotting
division $1450. mile heats, best two in three.
Bell Mont, by Zombro (W. G. Durfee)..l 1 1
North Star, by Nutwood Wllkca (C
Parker) 1 2 2
Ambush, by Zolock (J. Sanford) 2 5 5
Athashan. by Athadon (S. C. Walter)...3 3 3
Elrey, by Nushaguk (C. Spencer) 5 « 7
(5 luck, by Zombro (I. C. Mosier) 8 4 4
Mamonio, by Demooio (Hoy) 87 6
Time, 2:24. 2:22%. 2:21%.
Elma S disqualified because ot paclnx.
2:25 class pacing stake, $600. mile beats,
best three In five.
Doctor W, by Robert Basler (S.A. Kddy).l 1 1
Hattla Croner.-.by Bay Bird (C.F.Bunch).2 2 2
The Mrs., by Derby Ash (C. W. White
head) 3 3 3
Doctor J. by Dr. Hicks (E. Daniels) 4 4 4
Time. 2:14%. 2:13Vi. 2:13H-
Henry N and Ruby H were distanced and
Doc was withdrawn after the second heat.
Breeders' Futurity, two-year-old pacing
division $1300, mile heats, best three In five.
Friskarina, by Bayswater WUkes (3. H.
Hoy) 1 1.1
My Way, by Stoneway (J. Brolllar) 2 2 2
Seymow M, by Dlawood (J. E. Mont
gomery) .• 3 3 3
Time. 2:15%.2:13*i.2:lStt.
BAN JOSE, Aug. 5.— The two-year
oid trotting and the three-year-old
pacing divisions of the Breeders' Fu
turity were the features to-day of the
Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breeders*
Association meet. There was an in
creased attendaince over yesterday.
The bookmakers did a good business.
Favorites captured the three races.
A field of eight started In the two
year-old trotting division of the Breed
ers' Futurity, for which a purs* of
$1450 was offered. All the heats re
sulted In close races. North Star won
the first heat. Bell Mont, the favorite,
breaking just after passing the half
mile. The second and third heats were
won easily by Bell Mont, with North
Star second.
Doctor . W took three straight heats
In the 2:25 class pacing stake. This was
a good race, Hattle Croner pressing the
winner hard in all three heats.
More than ordinary interest centered
in the three-year-old pacing division of
the Breeders* Futurity. The three en
tries, Seymow M, My Way and Frisk
arlna, met last year at Petaluma in
the two-year-old division of the futur
ity. At that time Seymow M won,
with Friskarina second. My Way was
distanced. To-day the tables were
turned. Friskarina was the favorite,
and took three straight heats. My Way
was second and Seymow M third. This
was the best race of the day. The
horses were bunched all around the
track and the finishes were close.
The meeting closes to-morrow with
the third division ot the Breeders' Fu
turity, the 2:24 trot and the 2:14 pace.
Summary: ,-
Trotting, to beat 2:35:
• Lady Howry, b. f. (W.. Cecil), won; time.
2:28.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
His Latest Amusement Is to
Balance the Immense Bag
of Sand Upon His Head
Graham Settles Down After
the Opening Inning and
Does Some Splendid Work
of Winning Professionals
on the Grand Circuit
• •
Again He Heads the List
Easily Carries Off the Hon
ors in the Three -Year -
Old Division for Pacers
FEISKAEINA IN FEONT
SAFE DEIYES EVEN UP
FEANK KRAMEE IN F0EK
CHAMPION IS CARELESS
¦ Time, 2:08. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, P. J. Miles' ch. t. (3) by Esher-Excellenza.
Freeslas 88. Prince of Pllsen 92. Nitrate 101.
Wenrlck 100, Arab 89. Marcos 100, finished as
named.
SEVENTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling :
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5— Excentral. 82 (Aubuchn) T II HJ
11 to 2— Rosamond. 104 (Oregar). 1 4 1>*2 Vi
13 to 10— Jerry Lynch, 101 (Knpp) 2 2 % 3 2
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «* Fin.
5 to 1— Optional, 1C0 (Shaver)... 6 4 1.11
11 to 8 — Ag Brennan, 93 (Oregar). 5 12 2 1
8 to 1— Harney. 110 (Hoffler) 3 2 1%3 M
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, H. Dernham's ch. m. (5) by Albert-Op
tion. Jnckful 102, Marco 102. Tellfare 103,
Ernest Parham 110. Tom Maybln 105, Fly Lady
03, finished as named. •,
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; veiling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %» Fin.
0 to 1— Mansard. 100 (Hoffler) 7 3^1%
6 to 1-Erap of India. 109 (Felcht)ll 9 >, 2 2 n
8 to 1 — Durbar. 08 (Knapp) 3 G2 3 1*4
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. S. S. Rogers' ch. g. (4) by Flor
ist-Fedalma. Sweetie UP. Mayor Johnson 10 1,
Jehane 03. Jim Hale 107, Kcmombo 100, Cy
prlenne 95, Dragoon 105, Olympian 114, fin
ished as named. \
FOURTH RACFWive and a half furlongs;
two-ytar-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 toft— Mcnte, 100 (Henry) .. e 4 h 1 1V4
10 to 1— Tom Shelly, 110 (Knapp). 3 2 3 22
6 to 1— Petit Due. 105 (Feicht)... 1 1 % 3 h
Time. 1:07. Start good. Won easily. "Win
ner, W. M. Hedges & Co.'s b. c. by Puryear
D-Break o' Day. Albert Fir 113, Michael
Byrnes 114, Sincerity Belle no, Swedish Lad
105, Judge Traynor 105, finished as named. !
THIRD RACE — One mile; three-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse, 'Weight, Jockey. St. %• Fin.
11 to 10— Clf. Forge, 115 (Songer) 2 1 :i>,il 1
' 7 to 2— Brancas, 107 (Larsen).. 5 5 10 2 h
8 to 1— Shawana. 104 (Homer).. 3 3h 3h :
Time, 1:41. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. Corrlgan's ch. c. by Handnoine-Illlssee.'
Woods Perry 101, Robin Hood «7, Soufrlere 107,'
finished as named. .. ' -¦>.¦• . •> • ,
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase; short course;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. 8t. % Fin.
1C to 1 — Oliver Mac, 132 (Corbley) 4 14 13
» to 6 — T. The Mere. 140 (Doi-h) 2 3^23
6 to 1 — Sweet Jane. 135 (Seaton) 7 24 3 7
Time, 3:30 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Fred Smith's b. g. (8) by Stoneheng«-
Margery. Sprlngstead 130, Dagmar 135, Jack
Dcyle 131, finished as named. Weird 140 fell.
CHICAGO," Aug." 5.' — Clifton Forge,
the crack colt in Ed Corrlgan's stable,
carried the green and white to another
victory to-day In the third and feature
race at Harlem. The game little son
of Handsomc-Illisee picked up 115
pounds, gave away weight to every
thing in the -race and then won as he
pleased with a length to spare. He ran
the mile in 1:41 flat and finished with
plenty in reserve.. •
This race was one of the best Clifton
Forge has run this season. Robin Hood,
with only 97 pounds up, took Clifton
Forge by the head during the first five
furlongs, but-at the bend , for home
Songer let out a link on the Corrigan
colt and he shot to the front with a
lead of three and a half lengths. When
straightened out for the wire he still
had a clear lead of two lengths and, un
extended, won b*y an open length.
Clifton Forge was always the choice,
opening at 6 to 5 and closing at 11 to
10. He and Monte were the only win
ning favorites. Summary:
FIRST RACE — One mile; four-year-olds and
up;- purse: ...
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
9 to 2— The Lady, 109 (Mclntyre) 13 2 1 Hi
30 to 1— Ethylene. 109 (Otis) 4 2 4 2 1 •
10 to 1 — Dr. Stephens. 114 (Dorak) fl 0 3 3 i' a '
Time, 1:112-5. Start good. Won,, easily.-
Winner,' E. Corr.lgan's b. m. (7). by Kingston-
Seville.- Mabel Richardson 109, Allie Virgie
ICO. Inventor 114, Kilroorie . 1CU, ' Hudson 109,'
Royal Pirate 109, Long .-More '114, finished as
named. " ¦ . - •
Special Dispatch toThe Call.
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs:
two-year-olds:
Bettlngr Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Woodlands. 110 (J.Conley) 4 2 3 1 nk
2 to 1— Dorthula. 102 (H.Andsn) 2 112 1
C to 1— Princess Orna.l02(D.Aus) 1 3 3 3 Vi
Time. 1:11. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner B. Schrelber's b. c. by Sain-Mlss Marlon.
King's Trophy 105 also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and twenty yards; three
ycar-olds and up:
Betting- Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 1— Pourquo! Pas, 08 (Davis) 2 13 1 *4
• R to 1— Flyer. 07 (Plunkstt) 4 4 4 2 1
10 to 1 — Imboden 93 (J.Cnway). 0 * 2 h 3 5
Time. 1:47 tf Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J K. Hushes' b. m. (4) by Iroquols-Ella
Blackburn. Pathos 103. Berry Hughes S7.
Dollnda 80. Dro Kler 103. King's Charm 87.
Arnold K 94 Fenian 97, finished as named.
. FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up:-
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 2— Floral Wreath. 104 (Aust)4 3 2 1 na
3 to 1— Frank Bell, 109 (Rice).. 2 1 n 2 na
6 to 1— Commodore. 9G (C. Davis) 1 4 3 3 h
Time, 1:17. Start sood. Won driving. Win
ner, J. F. Dockery's ch. m. (4) by Falsetto-
Laurel Wreath. Otto Stifel, 108, also ran.
20 to 1-— Albany -Qlrl.105 (Booker) 6 1 n» ! 115
10 to 1 — Brooklyn, 05 (Conway). 7 3H34
Time, 2:00. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
J. K. Hughes' ch. g. (4) by MirthfulrCtymena.
Miss Betty 9fi, Caithness l'»3. Burrows 01,
Second Mate 105, Salve 104, Mildred L 89. fin
ished' as named.
THIRD RACE — Three-year-olds and up; ono
and an eighth miles: .
Betting. ¦ Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % .Fin.
Even— Naversueh. 106 (Davis). 2 2 4 13"
SECOND RACE — Two-year-olds; five fur
lonsa:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
•8 to 1— WHlowdene, 103 (Watsn) 3 13 11
S to 1 — Yada. 106 (Troxler) 4 3 ',4 2 2
12 to 1 — F. Templeton, 05 (Cnwy) 6 4 1 3 3
15 to 1— Pic. Hat, 103 (Booker).. 7 2242
Time, l:04Jj." Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Oats Bros.' ch. e. by Goodrich-
Mary Graves. Leila Hunter 03, Walter Car
d> 08, Gasconne 05, Monogram 05, Miss Pow
ell 100, Nepenthe 00, Limerick Girl 103, Amis
quam 10O, . finished as named. ("Disqualified
for foulinj;. Picture Hat placed third.)
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 5.— Favorites and a
well-played second choice won the card
to-day at the Fair Grounds. A bad
track resulted in several scratches,
three of these being in the feature
event, which Floral Wreath just got up
in time "to win from Frank Belt. The
weather was clear and the track slow.
Attendance, 5000. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Three-year-olds; aix fur
lon~s:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— L. Charles. 104 (Watson) 4 4 3 13
7 to 1— Codex, 107 (Troxler)... . 1 5 h 2 ns
20 to 1— Fannette, 102 (Austin).. 5 In 3 4
Time, 1:20%. Start good for all but Blar
ney Girl. Won easily. Winner, T. Wilson &
Co.'s ch. f. (3) by Pirate or Penzance-The
Wreath. Ora Z 102. Cardova 102, Tomana 102,
Baby P 107, Blarney Girl 107, finished as
named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After Losing the First Heat
in the Futurity He Takes
the Next Two Cleverly
San Jose Eider Wins the
Twenty-Five-Mile Amateur
National Championship
Is Found Contentedly Buzz
ing About the Gymnasium
and Is Ordered Destroyed
'San Francisco Starts Off
With Three in the First
. and These Prove Enough
Floral Wreath Gets Up in
Time to Win St. Louis
Feature.
Five Favorites Go Down to
Defeat in the Saratoga
Races.
Ed Corrigan's Colt, Clifton
Forge, Runs a Sensational
Race at Harlem.
GATES-DRAKE BETTING CONFEDERACY
LOSES HEAVILY ON FILLY OCEAN TIDE
TROTTING STAKE
FOR BELL MONT
AT GARDEN CITY
CYCLER DOWNING
IS VICTORIOUS IN
ST. LOUIS RACES
TINY BEE SCARES
JEFFRIES DURING
TRAINING SPELL
BARBER PUZZLES
THE COMMUTERS
IN EVERY ROUND
CALIFORNIA CYCLIST FINISHES FIRST IN NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP RACE
THE SAN FRANGISCO- CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1904.
' Congressman Klutz of North Caro
lina, who" refuses to stand for an'as
sured re-election, comes from the same
district ;* in' which, in 1815, a United
States ; Senator-elect refused to serve
because he "did notpropo** to ride to
.Washington in the mud'
Pitcher Joe Corbett arrived last
night from St.| Louis to join the San
Francisco baseball team. Joe was a
bit tired after the long Journey, but
otherwise appeared in good health
and spirits. He,. will probably join the
team to-day.
Joe Corbctt Home Again.
DORVAL, Quebec, Aug. 6. — In the
first Qf the series of races for the Sea
wanhaka cup to-day Noorna won,
crossing the finish line at 5:19. "White
Bear finished at 5:24:20. No other
starters. White Bear was a mile be
hind.
Senwnnhaka Cap for Xoorna.
Racing at the Meadows.
SEATTLE, Aug. 5.— Results at The Mead
ows:
First race, five furlongs selling— Hlrtle won
Meteora second. Our Choice third Time
1:01%. asssats
Second race, seven furlongs, selling Phyz
won. Pilot second, AH About third. Time
1:28^4. -
Third 'race, six furlongs, selling— Matt Ho
gan won, MImo second, Penzance third Time
Fourth race, one mile — Arthur Ray won
Tamm second. Honduran third. Time 1-49J4
Fifth race, one mile. Belling— Gauc'ho won*
Capable second, Harry Thatcher third. Time
1:41%. . •-'¦¦•••.-¦ -
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Cerro Santa won. Suburban Queen second,
Huapala third. Time. 1:19%. . nu>
Seventh race, one mile and fifty yards ~ gell
ing—Invlctus won. Isabelllta second, UUruda
third Time. . 1:44 U. - : V
Erb .to Help Coach Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 5.
Will M. Erb. a member of the Staa
ford football team of 1900, has been
appointed assistant football coach for
the coming year. Sinceleavlng Stan
ford Erb has attended Columbia Uni
versity, where he played on the varsity
team. Last year he coached the team
at Vanderbllt, University
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race-^-Delagon, Phil Finch,
Viola.
Second race— Mum, Ram's Horn,
Allen Avon.
Third race — Tokalon, "Miss Craw
ford, Huzzah.
. Fourth race— Ananias, Bearcatcher,
Monastic. . y
FifUi race — Ahola, Blrchbroom, In
cubator.
Sixth race — Moorish Damsel, Flax
man, Weberflelds.
Seventh race— Don't Ask Me, Cele
bration, Maud* Muller. ; ¦
Condition of track— Past.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
11
"HER LAST CALL," •
By KEITH GORDON. In
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
+ (.
{ RAY STANNARD BAKER j
Contributes an amusing: article to
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
I ITHE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1904.
12
IJODGISTG-HOUSES FOB SAX.E — Con.
H. C. DECKER Established In 1877
906 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON. .
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
36 rcoms; downtown; reduced to $1100
9 rooms; fine piano; on Sutter 400
17 rooms; on Fourth st.; bargain 1200
38 rooms; on Market st «000
40 rooms ; reduced from $3500 to 2200
15 rooms; clears $100 1230
Houses large and small; from $00 to $20,000.
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th« reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
DEAD-TRANCE medium; names, business,
raining; circles Tuesdays, Thursdays, Satur-
daya, 8 p. m. 325 Ellis st., front parlor.
MrSvE.M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission: tel. Church 20*5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St., Gait House.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA — CALL £t once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
_^ PAUL DESTINE.
Th« First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom, and when
you will marry; In fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the. greatest poesible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell St.. 326.
THE Prophet of the Nile. Egyptian teacher
and adept in occult science and Oriental
mysticism, development of your forces, aids
you by the power of secret Influence: Astral
, life readings, principal and important events
of your life for dally reference; by his great
power he goes into your life thoroughly; com-
plete reading $5; hours, 1 to 4:30 p. m., 7 to
9 evenings; consultation" and advice on all
affaire. 3C8 Geary st. A free lecture, sub-
ject. "Vibration," will be given by him
Sunday evening, 8 o'clock, west parlor.
Golden Gate Hall; a masterly discourse on
an Important subject.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for -without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. _ palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 60c; Q., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR, Egyptian aeeress, The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 6 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, rt to S. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clalrvoyant.card
reader; when others fall try me;good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.Q.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; given; 25c up. 8 EIUs st.
MME. YOUNG'S writing circle to-night, 26c
1720 Sacramento st, nr.Van Ness; read. daily.
MME. FLORENCE, card reader and palmist;
prices reasonable; hours 10-9. 713 California.
MME. BERNARD. 17 3d at., next Examiner,
gone on vacation; watch paper for return.
MME. ODELL returned; clalr., card reader;
tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy sL
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts: readings daily. 917 Market, room 10.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, in now at 317 Ellis gt.
AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 303 Market St.; phones Main 162 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become dlFgnsted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-.157 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELirs. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning: 3e. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1701 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CI.OTETNO RENOVATING-.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Mnrche, 40 Ellis at., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
~— ~— ~— ~* ¦——————» _ —__»¦————————— —_» — — i »»
COTTAGES rOB SALE.
FOR sale — Cottage, 6 rooma and bath. Inquire
nt 8S Cumberland st. .
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crovi-n, $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates. $3; full set: all work painless and
•warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1413 Market.nr.EIeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per act; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KKOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building, 1095 Market St.; room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver.- 35c; crown*. $2; no
pain: open Sundnys. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth, $1 50 up; cro\vns.$2 up; fllllnss,25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist,r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mlsslon.cor. Cth.
DBES^MAJC^s^AlirDJIEAMSTBESSES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & MIlHnerylschooT-l
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class, 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlnc. Stew-
art s button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
-~— EDUCATIONAli._^
A BIGGER school tharTever. "On'juniPl^we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
st.. betveen Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come and^ see. s. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E - **• AYRES. founder and manager Ayres
/ Business College for 14 years, has returned to
tnke active management. Combined course,
$5 a month; life scholarship, $50. Day,
i ' evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs.. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
•A—THE Paul Gerson School cf Acting gives
morn performances and secures "more engage-
ments for students than all other '.Vestern
-¦,. schools; special cummer course. 414 Mason.
HINMAN'S School of Dancing. 1412 Polk st~
bet. Pine and California, and branch school,
for. Howard and 21st— Adult classes are now
open; children's class will open Sat.. Aug. 13.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
Ket. guarantees positions to graduates; Plt-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln., 1 mecb.,sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. ev.; eat. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton," nr. City Hall»
BUSINESS CHANCES — Co-tln-eft.
MEAT market averaging $B0 business jar iiay;
trade and location best possible; owne- cut
of health. Address G-. 2106 Fifteenth st.
WELL established truck and express business
for sale. For particulars address liO Au-
tumn st.. Ean Jose. Cal.
RESTAURANT for sale, cheap. 621 Montgom-
ery st. :V:'.-:.>
SALOON license for sale, with or without fix-
tures. SW. oor. of Seventh and Townsend.
A STATIONERY and bazaar; will reduce
stock to suit purchaser. 1915 Fullmore st.
FOR sale— Corner saloon, with lease; best busl-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th.
A BRANCH office for Th« Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market rU. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
3LODQING-HOUSES TOS. SAIiS.
A— CAMERON _ CO.. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. g
10S rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, beils and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout: chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that Is clearing
$350 to $150 at bargain; haa signed to accom-
modate large bedy of people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle «n estate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
7-room modern flat, clooe In. well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
45 rooms; rent only $123; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full: best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
32 rcoms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine,
downtown location: 2 entrances; everything tn
first-class condition; good furniture and rar-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month: here Is
best proposition in city; prico $3200.
IS rooms; rent $65; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price; $S0O.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
8-room flat; rent $45; close In; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure; price $400.
90-room. new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house: cheap rent; „ most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' leas*: every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness,
28 rooms; elegant fur. family hotel on Nob
Hlli; doing fine business; will trade for larga
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
5 rooms and closets: East st. ; rent only $18;
good furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartmeat-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month:
close In; full of nice people; bargain if l_ken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
34 rooms; cheap rent: thoroughly renovated:
all In fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; haa fine
bar: can be run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other bueinesa
Interests demand Immediate departure.
73 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; closn In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
10 rooms; rent $C5; good furniture- and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next 10
days; leaving city; make offer.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
105 rooms; cheap rent: first-clasa, up-to-dat*
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electrto elevator,
lights; long leace; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buy* in the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
/ ' r "1 .1
32 R00M3; centrally located; hotel; reduced
from $5000 to $3500; rent only $250 per
month; this Is absolutely the best bargain in
a hotel in S. F. MARION GRIFFIN.
C2 ROOMS; magnificently furnished through-
I out 3 months; corner house., with all con-
veniences known to modern architecture; long
leafe; $1000 cash Is all the money required;
snap. See MAP.ION GRIFFIN.
31 ROOMS: long lease; low rental; newly fur-
nished; a give away at $1400. Only with
MARION GRIFFIN.
$3500 BUYS 85 rooms, with new furniture and
filled with steady roomers; clearing over all
expenses $250 per month; unequaled as an
investment In any line of business. Get par-
ticulars from MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 400 Examiner bldg.. San Francisco.
$23,000 BUYS one of San Francisco's finest
hctels. with bar: long lease at very low
rental: all modern conveniences; centrally
located; magnificently and substantially fur-
nished; If you are looking for a business
where you can clear $1000 per month here
is youW opportunity .and you need only a
small amount of cash. MARION GRIFFIN.
$1400 FOR a beautifully furnished 14-roo— 1
sunny corner house. MARION . GRIFFIN.
34 ROOMS; Sutter St.; corner house; always
full of steaay roomers; clearing $175 per
month. This is worthy your investigation.
MARION GRIFFIN.
32 ROOMS: located in heart of San Francisco's
best transient district; a beautiful corner
house, well furnished and scrupulously clean;
on account of sickness of owner will sell at
a ridiculously low price and loan half the
money. Particulars at MARION GRIFFIN'S
1 400 Examiner building.
TO intending purchasers of a hotel, apartment-
house or lodging-house In San Francisco we I
wish to state that it will be to your. interest
financially, to obtain reliable Information
and facts concerning same from MARION
GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner building. Ban
Francisco. Cal.
THIRTY rcoms, nicely furnished, lease. .$3500
20 rooms, a'l men roomers, low rent.... 1000
J16 room*, low, rent, country transient. 5000
81 rooms, rent /only $55 500.
40 rooms, rent 970. transient 1500
fcl rooms/ rent $.'t per room........ 3400
Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MITCHELL _ CO^ ~~
1200 Market st • Phone Jessln 2981.
~ Rooming-houses, hotels and flats; will sell
¦ any house; part cash: balance easy payments.
45-r. transient; lease; rent $205: clears $175.
11 r.: rent K»; downtown; for $450.* ' ¦•
44 r.; rent $240; modern apartments; Al.
105-r. apartment: rent $5 room: ¦ full.-" '
MITCHELL _ CO.. 1206 Market. -
MISSION, 838— House of 10 rooms ' and : base-
¦ ment; all rented: $525; investigate this.
1 A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EPPCATIOITAI^— -Ooixt-1-ed.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journalism
meet, on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m.. 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
A — Metro. Business Col. (gr. and h. s.) 602 V.
Ness; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Prea.
KENT Law School; day and night; send for
'particulars. 636 Parrott building.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine at.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business Collage. S45 Halght;
individual lnstruc; all branches; day, eve.
WESTERN Business College, HOT Mkt., com-
plete course. 8 mo. $30. eve. $4 ma; private.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 923 Golden
Gate ave>, 8. F.; 73-page catalog on request.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
J^^^^JBMPIiOTMEWT JJPPICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office '
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
» S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. ~el. James 8261.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— -Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5752.
.WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL.". 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton-
' beat help. Fritz Tamagak). mgr.;tel.Bueh 839.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY * CO.. 640 Clay.
WAKTTEP — rEMAIiS.
A— BOOKKEEPER, cashier; young lady, ex-
pert accountant; thoroughly experienced in
office work: quick, accurate; competent to
take full charge; Al references. Box 2939,
Call office.
YOUNG widow with a child wishes a position
as working housekeeper; city preferred;
wages no object. 830 Mission st.
A REFINED young- German lady desires a
position as companion or housekeeper with
elderly lady. Box 3055. Call office.
A GERMAN woman wants sitnatlon for cook-
ing- and housework. Address 21., Call
branch, 639 McAllister st.
VIENNA cook wlshea position. Address 119
Fourth ¦_
JEWISH girl wishes position as first- class
cook In Jewish family. Address 228 Seventh.
RELIABLE refined woman wishes position as
housekeeper. Box S064, Call office.
A YOUNG Kir! wishes position; care- for chll-
dren. Addresa box 3063. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes chamberwork, etc
Address box 12S5. Call office. Oakland.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, reliable
cook, fond of children, capable entire work
. of small family, wlshea work; wage* $12.
232B Minna st. .
YOUNO widow with a child wishes position
as working housekeeper; city preferred;
wages no object. 830 Mission st.
SITUATION, wanted In respectable family aa
j upstairs work ana sewing or second work;
In the country preferred. Box 2870, Call.
A WOMAN would like washing and Ironing
or cleaning to do by the day. Call or ad-
dress Laundress, 9C8 Mission et.
MIDDLE-AGED widow wants position to do
housework in Oakland or Berkeley. Address
box B, Call branch, 300 Hayes st.
SITUATION as second work or upstairs work
and sewing; no objection to country. Box
2870. Call office.
A NEAT young woman would Ilk* to get
light chamberwork or light housework; no
postals. Call at 302 Fourth st.
SITUATION as bookkeeper wanted; experi-
enced; good referenca given. Addresa box
3S9C, Call office.
A YOUNG woman wants work by . the day,
washing and house cleaning; $1 50 a day and
carfare. 545 Minna at.
WANTED — To read to an old couple or baby
to mind by respectable woman. Please call
or address 3275 Harrison st.
WANTED— By a middle-aged New England
woman a situation as cook; city or country.
Call or address Cook, 3S1 O'Farrell st.
AN expert dressmaker by the day; good fitter,
designer; rapid worker. Telephone, evenings
only. Scott 1871.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; best of
references. 1526 Hyde st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position;
¦ best references. Address box 2878. Call.
RELIABLE German girl wishes position; up-
stalrs work and waiting. 203 Guerrero st.
YOUNG j woman wants steady work by tha
day; cleaning offices preferred. CS1 Jessie.
COLORED lady wishes ' position In laundry.
613 Powell st.; phone Black 6667.
JAPANESElslrl wants a position to do cook-
ing or housework in family; good experience.
18 Lewis place.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister et.
EMPLOYMENT WAHTED—MAIE.
THOROUGHLY competent business man, \ge
2S, experienced traveling salesman and au-
ditor, now manager of branch of large finan-
cial institution, desires change within sixty
days, where ability and energy will be ap-
preciated; highest references. Box 12S7, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED — Situation as salesman in heavy
hardware or implement house; best of refer-
ences. Address box 8059, Call office,* 1016
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
SITUATION wanted as caretaker or watch-
man; do repairing; also electrician. Address
box 30C0, Call office. •
A GERMAN wishes a situation as clerk in
grocery store and barroom '.or general mer-
chandise store: first-class 'references. W.
BOHLINO. 417 Kearny st. - v
A RKFRIGERATING and electrical engine-r
wishes position; 20 years'- experience; not
ifra'.d of work. Address Engineer, 807
Call Building.
GROCERY clerk, young man, would like po-
fltion in corner grocery; references. Box
2879. Call office.
GERMAN cook wishes position in restaurant,
boarding-house or hotel; city or country.
Address 658 Folsom st.
A BOOKKEEPER with several years' experi-
ence In this city desires position; moderate
¦ salary. Box 3900, Call office.
A YOUNG man, sober, best of references,
wishes a situation In a private place; coun-
try; handy with tools. Box 34S0, Call office.
GROCERY clerk, young man, would like posi-
tion in corner grocery; best references. Box
3C05. Call office.
POSITION as foreman on hay, grain or atock
ranch by Cal. • farmer with many years' ex-
perience. 930 Pine St.. W. Oakland.
A YOUNG man, 0 years' experience In machine
shop, : wants employment of any kind: city
or country. Address, box 3304. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as driver; experi-
enced : references. Address 274 O'Farreil st.
NEW YORK footman wishes position. Box,
3036. Call office.
SALESMAN would like position in wholesale
lace house. Address box 8S54, Call office.
' 1 ~ ' ! ' ' i___! ~ . r T~~"""
BARBER wants steady work: 927 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wanta posl-
• tion. Box C479. Call office.
A -YOUNG ¦< colored ¦ man wants situation as
porter or/ Janitor. Address 127 Second at. :
CHINESE cook wishes a situation In a private 1
Xamlly. . C. YEW, 803 Clay st* , _
EMPLOYMENT WAK-TGD — Male-— Con.
WANTED^Steady chorcwork or any f°<**
small country farm place of trust. *»»«»
peophs only, by young, competent reliable.
New York State American. wiUins man.
34; best habits; inferences; no teamster; can,
milk: reasonable wages. Address P. J. *••
box 3034. Call.
YOtTNG Jananese wants position tn store to
learn business, or any other good position to
work; ?p*<aks and writes good English. Ap-
ply to LOUIS OGATA, the Imperial Hotel.
CCC Stockton St.. S. F. .
A JAPANESE well educated bor wants a po-
sition as waiter on table, either family or
boanling-house: has long experience; best of
references. G. P.. 711 Taylor st.
A JAPANESE honest boy wants a position *v
schoolboy in small family: sp°aks English
well. WILLIAM K. AWO. S07 Polk st^
JAPAXKSE first-class cook wants position In
private family. YEOUMTO. 703 Larkln St.;
tel. Polk 37S2.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as sehcol-
boy In the country. Apply 849 Bush «t., S.F.
JAPANESE artist wishes position in printing
company. M. MANGO. 725 Geary at.
JAPANESE good experienced cook wishes
position. DUX. 121 Halght at.
rXATS TO _,E-\
A AA— HOUSE RENTINO DEPARTMENT^
AH desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our fre« renting department; over 100O
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let ua give you a 'list and help you to find a
a place; we never fall; service free,
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET 8T..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-259
Geary St., on the square.
NINETEENTH and Noe, N.W. corner: the
warm belt of the Mission; block from Castro
or Eighteenth street ears — 8 lovely sunny
upper and lower 4 and 5 room flats; every
modern convenience: storerooms ready by
Aug. 15; rents from $20 to $27 50; water free.
NEW Colonial flats Franklin et.. between
Vallejo and Green; marine view; sun and
light in every room; artistic finish; very
reasonable rents. Particulars from HAR-
SHALL, 12 Kearny St.; phone Red 2431.
CASTRO. 421. near 17th — Sunny belt: modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 families; $40; stable.
HOWARD, 293S— 6 r. and b.; every room sun-
ny; rent reduced $25; no children; carpets
for eale.
GREEN. 2132. near Webster — New modern up-
per lO-room flat; unobstructlble marine view;
lent $75; convenient to all car lines.
NEW 6 and 7 room flats, elegantly finished:
one block north of Market. 157 to 163 Noe
St., near Fifteenth.
FILLMORE, 1126 — Modern 7 rooms; all large
and light; corner; rent $40.
$23 — 6 MODERN, snnny rooms; fine view; no
carfare. Leroy pi., off Sacramento and Jones.
BUSH. 1417. between Polk st. and Van Ness
ave. — 6 rooms, bath. yard, basement.
FLAT — 8 cozy rooms; 26 Reed St.; rent $12.
Apply 1325 Washington st., near Jonea.
HAIGHT, 712— New 7 and 8 room flats; rent
reasonable. Owner on premises. - -
LAUREL ave.. 221. off Van Ness ave.. bet.
Turk. and Eddy a%a. — Four rooms and bath.
OCTAVIA. 1322. near Geary — Furnished lower
flat of 3 rooms.
FLAT of 6 rooms; bath; gas; no children. 443
Minna st.
NEW flats: 5 rooms: reception hall: artistically
decorated; $22 50. B at. and 4th ar., nr.Park.
DIAMOND, 120 — Modern lower flat; 5 rooms
and bath; rent $17 CO.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & IIOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC ave.. 2405. near Flllmore — Lower
flat, 6 rooms; sun in every room: garden.
O^A^RE^L^ 12C+^legant^ carpets' ""of £
room flat; reasonable.
FURNITURE of 5 rooms for sale; flat to rent;
cheap. 04 Portola st.. near Dubocs Park.
BONDS placed at low Interest; electric rail-
roads financed. JAS. E. GORDON, 62S
Crossley building.
pn_yiru_E fob saiiK.
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 50
down land $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 340 Post St.. near Powell.
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk, nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house;low prices.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, ex changed.
Barger, 439 Valencia. nr.l6th.Tel.Church 3879.
rUKNITTJBE WANTED .
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. JessU 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office mr-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAa LEVY _ CO*, pay highest price for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission ;tel. Bush 813.
MAN and wife, ranch $50
2 cooks. German style $.1o-*.i.~>
Cook. 3 family, Alameda $30
3 nurse girls, city and Oakland. $25-$30
French second girl *2f»
2 parlor maids and 2 waitresses $30
Parlor maid and waitress, Menlo Park.. $00
Lady's maid $30
Second girl, San Mateo. see lady this morn-
ing $25
Nurse girl. 2-year-old child. Oakland... *25
English nurse girl, child 3 years old $25
4 chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country $23
5 second girls, city J20-S23
Waitress, family hotel, city $25
Housework, little washing $35
And other places too many to advertise. Call
to-day. J. F. CROSETT — CO.. 334 Sutter.
WANTED—
Lady solicitor, city and Oakland.
Girl for housekeeping. Alameda, $23 and fd.
Two machine operators, caps and bonnets,
$9 to $12.
Experienced stock clerk, wholesale millinery;
references) required: $S 50.
' THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
509 Hearst Building.
A MAN and wife for private family work la
city $50; references. Call at MISS PLUNK-
ETT'S, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
TWO strong women for cleaning one day in
each week; good pay; call early. MISS
PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to leam halrdressing.
manicuring etc.: trade taucht from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now:
thre« positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; Hading
school In West. 233 Geary st.. room 13. .
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son: iKith seasons taught from start to finish
lr. one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 p?r wk.up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
Halrdresslng. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5 2
wks ; clay, eve. class; positions secured; highest i
wages. Removed from 1236 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; dean,
healthy place; positively .higher wages paid
than at any ether cannery. Code-Portwood
Canning Co., Tenth and Bryant sts.
HOP picking begins at Wheatland on Tues- i
day. Aug. 9; call for special rate tickets im-
mediately (office open to-night and "Sunday).
E. CLEMENS HORST CO., 122 Battery st.
WANTED— Reliable, experienced^ salesladies
for gloves. 561 Valencia si., or 10 Sixth st. ;
YOUNG girl to assist in Ilcht~housekeeping. !
Apply 2V28 Steiner st. I
WANTED— A young girl for lijrhfhousework.
Apply 28 Baker St.. near Halght.
WANTED— Good. neat, rel Iable~~dln!ng-room
glrl for small boarding-house. 700 Van Ness.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with house-
work »and help with baby. 3»6G 17th et.".
REFINED, cultured woman by wholesale firm.
, Bex 3045. Call office.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b«en
opened at 1C08 Market at., opposite FifUu
Open until 11 p. m.
' BITSIKESS IJOJUlTXCES^
A — $1WO: COKNElt saloon," on l'olk St.: rent
S"'."i; leane; stock of liquors on hand. $500 or
i;..te: an old established corner; clearing
above expenses at iea.*-t $175 per month.
Oali it. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $tXK); PARTNKK wanted in manufacturing
liuslme agency: an active, honest man
changed. Se» K. G. W1LK-* 2ti^ Kearny Et.
A— $15MJ; HOTEL and roadhouse. with 18 fur-,
uisheu rooms; rent $70; 6 years' lease; large
barns, yard, orchard, etc.; 20 steady board-
ers, horses, buggies, etc. : the best-paying
country h.it*l in San Mateo County. See
R. O. WILKE. 26^ Keamy st. » _^
$4000— SALOON on Turk st. ; net rent $150; 5
years' lease; elegantly fitted up Jiace and
good vayinc business. Call R. G. WILKE,
IM^t Kearny st.
A— $1500; WHOLESALE bakery; daily sales
about $50; new « aeon. 2. horses, etc.; rent
$43; stock at invoice; onljt caeh trade; a line
business offer. Particulars it. U. WILKE,
-«jVj Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON, with rooms; rent $27 50;
establ. years; this is a good place for m_ n
and wife; location the best. Call R. Q.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2600; CORNER grocery and bar: rent $40;
the choicest location in the Mission; . place
ettablished years and first-class paying; full
value in sight. Sec R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located In th«
b<~5t manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.:
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
If ate. See R. O. WILKE. . 26% Kearny sL
A— $15,C0O; BARROOM; one of the best in this
city; or owner will take a partner for $S0OO;
this Is a most beautiful and best located
first-class paying- place in' this city. Par-
tlculars R. O. WILKE. 2«% Kearny St.
A— $6500; CORNER saloon, eatabl. many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
class paying lager beer saloons of this city;
fullest Investigation solicited; a rare chance;
leate. R. G. WILKE. 2CVJ Kearny St.
A— $1SOO; ROADHOUSE. with nne living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall. 2 stables, etc;
a well-advmivd and good-paying house.
Cb'.I R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— <<!COC; CORNER saloon, with 4 years-
lease; about % block from Market and Ellis
It*.; place doing a rushing business; value
In sight: owner must leave lor the East.
See R. G. WILKB. 26% Kearny st.
A— fS50; CORNER ealoon; rent $30; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
•tt.; a good business: owner engaged in
ether business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $20GO; CORNER ealoon with 4 years' leas«
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and tacrlr.ee?: saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. Q. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; RARV chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant in San Rafael; dally re-
celptx $25; rent $30; good business; value
In sight: patronized by best class of people.
fcee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $800; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale boufces; no night or
. Eunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; LEADING hotel In the best business
•own SO miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
clr Ing-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the interior. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $2250; PARTNER wanted In one of the
tx-st paying corner saloons In this city;
dully receipts about $40; place clears net
above $300 cer month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1600; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton cts. : rent $150; lease: place estab-
lished years; first-cless business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny .st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar, dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms ; piano, etc. ; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See K. G. WILKB. 2tS%
Kearny st.
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lur.ch: on Montgomery st.. vicinity o£
California; clace mtut be secrlficed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. Q.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 3-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; .automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern ; accemmodate 12
people over night: perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR cala or trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect:
located In Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange Income property In
Alameda for stock of merchandise In S. F.;
value about $8000. CAMERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR eale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON _ CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR exchange — Lot, 25x125. with cottage. East
Oakland; high basement, cement sidewalks;
everything first class; on direct car line; for
rooming-house, 8. F.: value $2000. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st,
FOR eale — First-class electrician and lock-
smith businem; bona fide proposition; good
reacons for selling. CAMERON & CO
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wish to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cigar stand, saloon, or business of
any kind, do cot fall to call upon us; we
may have just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to cell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO., 1312 Market St.,
rooms 418-419, telephone Folsom 3468.
$750 — Restaurant, north Market, nr. Kearny;
rent $60; barg. Berg & Armstrong.318Keaj-ny.
$1000 — Saloon, nr. Market; lease year and a half
to run. Berg & Armstrong, 318 Kearny st.
$300 — PARTNER In light business; chance for
right man; must be sober and reliable.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 31S Kearny st.
FOR tale or lease: a bargain; blacksmith and
wheelwright shop; corner location; stock at
cost; tools modern; sold at CO per cent of
cost; abundance cf work; prices good; spot
cash; must be sold in 20 days; Marlposa
County seat, a mining camp. A. B. VAN
CAM PEN. Marlposa. Mariposa County, Cal.
BUTCHER shop for sale, with complete .out-
fit, including large McCray cooler, 2 horses
and 2 wagons;, fine paying business; must
sell owing to Ill-health; $500; easy pay-
ments. Apply BOXELLI. 301 Eddy st.
FOR sale— First-class, well paying butcher
ehop; beet part of city; doing fine business;
can be. bought at sacrifice; must sell immedi-
ately account other urgent business Inter-
ests. Box 2S7T. Call office.
MUST sell Immediately on account of slcknesT;
nrst-clasa roadhouse and saloon; all nicely
furnished; IS rooms and bar; long lease;
cheap rent; no reasonable offer refused. In-
qulre Batt's Villa. Elmhum. Cal.
FOR eale — Bargain; green grocery, fruit and
cigar stand: one of the best stands in Oak-
land; branch Log Cabin bakery; call and ln-
vestigate. 1171 Xwenty-third ave., Oakland.
WE incorporate and float Etock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT _ CO.. Elllcott Square,
Buffalo.
— — — — "
$500— RELIABLE man, •willing to work, can
purchase interest in estab. mfg. business; le-
gitimate, paying proposition: bear closest In-
vest jgatlon : can clear $100 mo. 247 Fifth St.
FIHST-CLASS hardware store, well established
and located, for sale on account of sickness;
only 3S250; take half city real estate. Box
28C5. Call office.
$2450— GROCERY and bar: choice corner In
Mission ; reasonable rent and long lease -
Box 2863. Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $10,000 cash to en-
gage in legitimate profitable business. Box
2SSS. Call office.
A BARGAIN— Old established trimming, har-
ness and carriage business; selling account
skkne-t. Box 1286. Call office. Oakland.
LADIES' and gents' furnishing Btore. 1061
Market: mock $1300; option of case; must
sell.
?2Co— PASTRY, notions, candy, laundry agency,
MO Taylor st.: 3 finely furnished rooms and
basement: large stock; owner leaving town.
$1300— PAYING grocery and bar; rent $30-
lease: . selling account of .leain. Aprly
WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO., 23 Battery eU
HELP WAKTED MALE.
A ~ MURRAY & READY. 63 MEM! «;iay~stT~"~
• Phone Main UU.
Leading Employment and Labor Aftnts.
e e ... sp * ak tho fit «nan, French. Italian.
Scandinavian. Oreek. SpanUh. Slavonian ar.d
Danish languages.
6O.00O Men W ork. Increase <*>.>» u.
Ha has arrive,!. Xow at our of9cet
Kepresrntati\e of the United Stafs
Ooverumpnt work beinc ilnne close to
Wadsworth. In State of Nevada
Cost only *l office fee. Se* b^ss
Mucker*. $75 s^. b , 9a .
Teamsters. $7.1.
Laborers. $..>. See b „
Drillers. $90. g£ £ o £
| Concrete mixer-. $75. g** toM ,
HOTKL DrPARTMETTr
I 12 cooks, different plaies. •$:'.'•. $.v> $oa
11 waiters. $:;o to $40 found.
12 ¦!L-.".ui;li?[v, *i,. >T $* week
Lflumlryman. inst:t3tion $4<>.
LUMBER COMPANIES, ETC. •
Head lineman, woods, $75 found.
0 Iron molders.
12 coopers, slack work, steady. 10c barrel.
Gang charcoal burners, loc to 15c sack.
1 12 milkers. $::0. $35. $40 found.
12 faim-r.-. $.'0 and found.
14 chorenaen. boys. £>O to $15 found.
12 stablemen. $^0 found, $60. $75.
4 farmers and wives, $40, $50, $t$0 found.
20 laborers, lumber co., you'll do. $W).
20 section laborers. lumber Co.. $2 day.
Special far*. Special K. R. car.
25 BOY3 OR YOUNO MEN.
Planing mill, box ractory. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
_____________________ __
By Santa Fe R. R.. S p. m. dally.
155 teamsters. 160.
Th» land of sunshine, fruit and Sowar*.
Highland. Redlands. Ri-versld— >
Pomona,' center of orange and lemon grove*.
MURRAY & READY, 634-G3B Clay at.
A— 155 WOODCHOPPERS.
Tinsmith. 0-hcur Job. $3 60 day.
2 plumbers, free fare, $4 day.
2 starch lroners, country laundry. $12 w«_
SCANDINAVIANS.
10 laborers, lumber, go to-day. $33 foand.
2 experienced — .«n for bottling work*. $2 day
MURRAY - READY. 634-636 Clay at.
BAKER. Icea. etc.. institution. $40 and found.
Two camp waiters, $23 and found.
25 laborers, no experience required. $60.
Man and wife, orchard, wife cook, far* r%~
funded. $55 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay St.
A— 155 ITALIAN laborers, $60.
155 Austrian laborers. $00.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TWO haybalers. heavy crop, 15o ton.
Hodcarrler. fare $1. $3 5O day.
Pantryman, Crst-class city hotel. $25 found.
Slaughter-house butcher, feed hogs, $30 M.
OIL FIELDS.
10 laborers. $67 50.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
23 laborers, no experience, you'll da, $87 5O.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C33 Clay it.
4 MACHINE miners, 8-hour shift. $3 day.
Farmer, act as foreman; 4 lumber pilsr*.
$«O; 2 furnace men, mine, $40 and found.
10 Italians, ranch. $20 found; polisher and
Ironer, country laundry, $15 week.
25 ITALIANS.
25 Italian laborers for lumber co.. norta.
Boy take orders, handle horses. $2O found.
Boy. bakery, fare $2 20, $25 found.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE.
AT OUR OFFICE ALL DAY.
8 machine miners, J82 60.
5 chuck tenders. $75.
10 shovelers. mine- work, $67 50.
Board and lodging. ?22 50; no blanket*
¦wanted; baths and rearllns-rooma free.
MURRAY & READY.'
. C34-630 gay it.
HELP BUILD IT. GO TO-DAY^
r.25 teamster*, you'll suit. $00; building a
NEW ELECTRIC RAILROAD to teleacop«
3 towns; when completed will be a TRI\N-
GLE. FARE $1— FEE-$1.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay st.
CARPENTERS. *
25 carpenters to build bridge sheds and
frame work; lumber syndicate; $00.
Laborer, country icehouse, mine town $1 7S
a day and room. .
LOOK.
5 painters, house work, city Job S3 _ay.
Paper hanger, extra good Jcb, $.1 day.
Cement finisher, no union man.
Carpenter. 20c fare, house work, boss her%
$3 day.
Cook, hay press, $25 found.
Cook for ranch, fare. $25 and found.
Butchers. 50c fare. SCO to $35 and found.
Boy. 18 years, carpet warehouse, $G week.
Shlngler, 35c fare. $1 50 per M '
CARPENTERS.
6 house carpenters, city. $J to $3 SO day.
4 bench hands, planing-mllls, $3 50 day
16 hay balerc >. $3 5O day.
Choreman. also 2 farm hands Napa $"« fd.
LOOK. ' v ¦ *-° la *
Cook, exceptionally good Job. harvest $30 fd
Ccok, few men, ranch, $C0 found.
German boy to learn sausage-making. $15 fd
2 waiters, country hotels, fare $1 33 $30 fdl
» waiters, southeast, mine camps $25 fd
FOREMAN.
Run a pile driving gang, lumber coir inanr
$90 and found. — -— #•
Stable and coachman. $35 and found
4 men for thrashing machine, $45 and found.
Cattleman, stock farm. $30 and found
Married farmer, fare 15c. $40 and houae
LOOK.
Chef cook, extra Job, $23 week
M^^A/rR^A^^^ii^g^;
"WATCHMAN for sawmill. $30 and board- 3
roen about place $25 and $30 and found;
farmer* 1, $30 and found; boy to learn trade
$5 week and Increase: 2 alack work coonera :
l^\ P eddler - » 15 »n<» harness-mak™:
$2 60 day; 4-horse teamstera. $40 and found,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO 623
Bacramento st. •
SECOND cook. $50 and found; youns; w&lttr
$45; inside servant. $25 and found; elevator
dot, $15 and. found, and others. J. » cro.
SETT _ CO.. 628 Bacramento at.
A — CONTRACTORS' EMPT AGENCT «33
Washington st..nr.Kearny; phone James 3301
Lever man for dredger. $70 found.
I-aborers, placer mlning.you'll fill bill $73 mo
. Lumber pliers. Tuolumno Ca. $2 day bo_ni
where you like.
Laborers around lumber yards, north. $60 mo.
Hames3--iaker. ranch. $35 found .
Bookkeeper, manufacturing company ne_p
city, knowledge lumb-r business, $75 month.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, city. $75 mo
L. H. CUTTING A CO.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT -
Phone Main 1101. 60S Commercial tt.
LABORERS
For logging railioad. $6O; boys for box fac-
tory. $30 and found; 10 laborer, to work
around yards. $2 day; 10 lumber pliers $3
day: 20 laborers. $60. board yourselves- 2O
laborers, pipe line. $2 23 day; 2 raftamen. $3
to $3 50 day. see boss here; blacksmith'*
helper for camp. $2 23 day: 5 wagon team-
Bters. $2 25 day; 10 teamsters, south. $60.
ANDRE'S, 317 Stockton St.— Second gardener
large private place. $05 and fd. : young man
around country hotel. $20 f d. : French dish-
washer, $30; waiter for hospital $¦"•0- •• <je-
vator boys, hotel. $10 and $15; etc.
A MAN and wife for private family work l.n
city; $50: references. Call at MISS PLUN'K-
ETT*S. 425 Sutter st.. n?ar Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery st r
12 — I waiters. $30; 2 porters. $23.
WANTED— Experienced wash goods salesman"
Apply between 9 and 11 a m. at H VLB
BRO3.*
WANTED— Experienced drapery salesman. An-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at nALE BROS.'
"WANTED — Experienced domestic~satesm;in.
Apply between 9 and 11 «. m . at HALE
BROS."
WANTED— Delivery boys from 14 to 17 years
of age. Apply between 0 and 11 a. tn. at
HALE BROS.'
I AM willing to instruct a small claw whr>
earnestly desire to learn how to sell Ufa
insurance: this class Is free: literature sup-
plied: private lessons given: positions se-
cured: your prospects closed for you If you
desire help: call or write for appointment.
F. MACGURN. room 32. Paciflc Mutual
bundle;-.
WANTED— Youns man from 20 to 23 years of
age to act as shipping clerk: must wrlt«
rapid, legible hand and b«r willing to rtart
at moderate, wsr-p?;?. with chance of advance-
ment; give experience, reference and wag?s
expected. Box 2SM2. Call office.
WANTED— Man experienced in handling sv
llcltors for house to house canvas.*: want par-
ty who can teach them the wcrk. take fulf
charge and competent In every way; give
experience, reference and wages expected.
Box 2SS1. Call office.
CHIEF COOK :........
first ci_vsa
(VxhI position for right man. Box _O2. Call.
WANTED— Dentist; goort crown and brills*
workman and good extractor; can alsn use
good plate workman. SchlS— tan Dental Co..
Lea Angeles, C-L
THE jggf CALL
JOHN I). Sl»ItI-:CKEL.S Proprietor
Address Corr imunlc»tlcns to
JO11X McX AUGHT .^. .... -_-_Man_g£I
"}}._J._ MJUCTIX Bu_^_»_Mana-cr
TELEPHONE. '
Atk fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
n«-ci Voj \V;ih the Department \ou \\ lsa.
PubUcition OfHce Market and Tfctrd. S. F. •
j Editorial Booms 217 to 221 Stevensoa st.
' Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct*. rer Week. 76
Cts. IVr Jlon__ tingle Cobles Ct«-
Ter— :*.;.;- Stall, including Postase (caah Wlta
' DAILY CALL tinclud. Sunday). 1 year *S 00
•Daily call uncua. svn<j»>». 6 mos... 4.o<>
I'ATLY CALl^-Ur Single Month ••*.
SUNDAY CA_L. 1 Year fW)
WEEKLY CAUL 1 Tear •• • \°° ¦
-oKivrv (Daily ¦•««> Fer Year Extra
FOkKJGN j f , ;:;( j a y. 4.15 rer Year Extra ,
POSTAoK. i weekly. 1.00 rer Year Extra
.ALL PO>ri:A8=TERF ARE AUTHORIZED
to receive: subscriptions.
Bair.pie Cojiits will be forwarded when re-
Mail r^bsrr:b«rs in or^rinr change ofifl-
<r*fs ifccuia be particular to five both NE»
• ANU OU) ADDRESS In order to lnsnr* a
- proa-.pt ar.d correct cctEpliance with their r«-
CB_s_
OAKLAND OFFICE:
I01C Broad-ay Telephone Main 1083
• • BERKELEY OFFICE:
tl<£ Center Street Telephone Ncrtn 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
PAMUEL TV. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaMerf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. SI
tnicn Square; Murray HIM Hotel: Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NIWS STANDS:
Fh«r:r.an House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hot~l ; Tremont H^use; Auditorium
Hcte:; Palmer House.
CHICAGO r.KPRESENTATIVE:
C. GKOnGE KROGNESP-.Marq'jette Building
<_cr.;r Litta^ce Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fclU_EK B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
RTSINK5S OFFICE of the San Francisco
. Call, rorner Market and Third streets; open
t -T.il 12 o'clock «very nipht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1C"S Market street, opposite Fifth: open until
11 P — L
E27 Montgomery street, comer Clar: «P«n
UEtl! 9:30 p. m.
800 Hsr»8 rtreet; open nntll »:30 p. m.
C3:> McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. n_
€15 Larkln street: open until U:30 p. m.
V*il Musicn street: open until 10 p. m.
!"•> EleTT.th street; open until 9 p. m.
:<T r . Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church ar.d Duncan streets:
""n until 0 p. — i.
rSW F:;:— !cre street: open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
F1P.PT United Presbyterian Church, core «r
Golfer. Gate eve. and Pclk st. — Preaching
- • to-morrow. Sabbath, at 11 a. hi. and 7 p. m.
ry Dr. Vert Every- Morning theme, "In His
Word Do I Hope"; evening theme. Romans,
• S:C8. Sabbath-school nt 9:45 a. m. C. E.
foc'.fties 81 B_M and 0:30 p. m. Strangers
(•'Tdially Invited to t'.l services. Pews free.
Courteous ushers. Come end bring your i
frier:^. # .
MEETING NOTICES.
AFYLUM cf Gclden Gate Co— imandery, - .fjg
No .16 K. T.. 023 Putter st. Special ffi|
assembly THIS EVENING at 7 U
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All
trat-rs are courtccusly invited. By
order of the Commander.
THEO FHOLICH. Recorder.
PACTFIC Lodge No. 13<5Tf. and A. M.. e
will meet THIS EVENING at 7:30 VV
o'clock. First decree.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
. MISSION Lodze No. 1O. F.~and A. -
- M.— Special meeting THIS rSATUR- W
•DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. A/\
Fin Ft and second decrees.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 168. F. and A. _
M. — Officers and members are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our
deceased brother. MATTHEW DRTS-
. DALE, late a member cf Sacramento Lodge
No. 40. Sacramento. Cal.. from the hall of
•' this lodge. SUNDAY AFTERNOON at 1:30
. o'clock. By order of the W. M.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
ALTA Lodge No. 203. I. oT~a"ivH _^^_T~
Funf-ral cf Er-.ther HANS C. -"^^fcfiSfe.
.KANSEN. from Va!!, SUNDAY,
Aurust 7, 1:30 p. m. • *-'*3wiP^
• B. F. L-DFORD. X. O.
• • REBEL Cork Eenevoler.t Society will %^frn
hold its elshteenth annual picnic at V\ N<f
Fhell Mound Park. Berkeley, SUN- %L N »
J'AY. August 7. 1904. Over $3000ffcJ__?
cas-h will txf distributed In gate and «"^C»
* p»m« rriw-s. A union band will furnish
music at the pavilion. Special music fur-
r-.shed by the society for Jig and reel danc-
ing on two platforms. Beats leave ferry
ere—? half-hour, connecting with Berkeley
train for ffcell Mound Park. Admission to
t pfcrk 6Oc: children umW 12 years free. Re-
. member the date. SUNDAY. August 7. A
good time — uv— nteed to all.
•. J s J. SULJ.IVAN. Secretary.
OFFICE c! the McCarty Wireless Telephone
• .Oompamy. Room 327. 927 Market at.. Ean
Francisco. Cai.. Aug. 2. 1904. — To the Stock-
holders of the McCarty Wireless Telephone
Company, a Corporation: Public notice Is
. hireby *lven that a special meeting of the
Ftockholders of t-c McCarty Wireless Tel«- !
rhone Company will be held at the office of
th* said company, room 327. 927 Market st
< San FrarKisro. Cal.. on TUESDAY. August
16. IJ*04. at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
of declaring vacant the offices or president.
•eer-ftary ari'l treasurer, an<i also as directom
*>f Faid rr rporetlon: said meeting Is called by
order of Henry A. McCarty. puardian of the
«*tat? of Francis J. McCarty. owner and
holder of more than two-thirds of the sub-
*<~rir*H! capita! stock of said corporation.
HENRY A. McCARTT. Guardian of the Es-
tate of Franris J. McOrt y.
AQE-TTS J^AITTEp.
LADY agents— We have W(- B*!!er7~for~prwit«
canvassing; our poods sr»fl and no kicks at the
price; sample it agents' pric*. 65 cents
(Mamps) and fre« catalogue. The E T.lton
Manufacturing Co.. office 70g Powell st.
H. W. KING. Attcrney-at-L«w. ExamT~bldV~
6th floor: rr.trarce room Cll; established 15
year*; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee In advance or for «onsu!ta-
Uon; evenings by appointment Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all Jegal — tatters; divorcei a
tpecialty; private, quick; ro pay In advance-
tclnlr.g companies organized :patents obtained:
O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market «t. : estab. 22 yn.
. PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 EIUs St.. IS
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
•^Idlers, eailors. widows and orphans on Pa-
dflc Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advlc*
free: all law business: no charge unless sue-
rttmtul: »-*a evening* 827 Market, room 301.
XDVICE f— ¦«; divorce costs J12; no lees or
.ccs-i in advance: all law business: otact
cpen Saturday evenings. 818 Market *.. r.33.
MONEY advanced hHn on estates; estates pro-
battd; consul, free. F.CoIbo>»rn. att"y.O27 Mkt.
*_ S. CLARK. 027 Market at.; consultation
free; ne fees In advance: open e\*enlngs.
PA JTE- C 7' S * na Pension*— SONNTAO'S PAT-
C.NT - I-ENSION AGCY.. 214 Pine. 6th goer.
ASTHMA REMEDY.
HI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
• !y; 10c. 25c. 60e. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas-
also Wlshart. 10th and Weshlngtoo. Oakland.
.,_-__ BXRX>8^J>OGS, I!TC.
YOUNG parrots. guaranteed~to~tal_Ti5~eTdh'
largest variety dogs, birds, cage*, etc at low
. rHces. ir.44 -46 Market st.
EOAKDIKXr FOB CHIX,DS_». ~
WANTED by an experienced woman, an ln'ant
to board. Inquire 212 Seventh st.
B00K&_ _^ ~
6CHOOL books, old and new bought and ~aolk~
DALY <c CUr.RAN. K57 G*ary st.
?9^p_CTioar orricEs.
DAT! tenants elected for 54; col!f>ction« made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 418
M'jnttxmery. rooms 'J-10; tel. Main WSSO.
- _ COX.Z.ECTIOK AGENTS.
Columbian Lew & Collection Agency, r. S3. 916
Market; tei. Jc__ C_26; eoliclU your buslnea*
Want Advertisers in Next Sunday's Call Receive Free a Copy of
This Beautiful Picture, Size 36x10 Inches, on Heavy Plate Paper
In HOTHOUSE TREASURES the artist has shown a cluster of freshly culled roses in
their wonderful variety — Jacqueminot, American Beauties, Marechal Niel and others— falling in
rich profusion from a bowl. The exquisite coloring is followed in detail and the picture is sure
to be appreciated by all lovers of nature in art. This study admits of a variety of styles of
framing and will be a valued ornament in. any home.
Gifts Given y rrf'fiij- inri S-iturrizij- 1
To Want Advertisers in Next Sunday's Call
"HOTHOUSE TREASURES"THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1904.
13
0^ 0 -^?? — Oonttn-aed.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loana to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. v Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
HEADQUARTERS for renting planoe— Little
planoe for small rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc. ; pianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
some at $2, a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo.: our own make -pianos at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the
money In S. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and* $5 per mo.; over 160 in-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent: one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 500-64 Hayes st.
A FEW exceptional bargains: all uprights;
Heine grand. $475; Gabler. $350; Krell, $375;
Heine $235; Steinway, $325; Mason & Ham-
lin. $285; Knabe. $160; Fischer. $115: Behr
Bros.. $187; Crown. $140; Klmball. $65; Em-
erson, $125; Occidental, $40; Conrard, $97;
Collard $55; investigate our new rent and
purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 /Geary st.;. Oakland,
1252 Broadway.
A BUNCH of uprights; easy payments.
Erard: small upright for practice $40
Woodworth: Allovon; splendid order $63
Wagner; perfect condition; a snap $110
Neumann; mahogany case; a bargain. .. .¥125
Estey; mahogany case; perfect order. ..$190
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
A PIANO free for one month; If you want. to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO., 237 Geary st.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented
in July and August. BRUENN, 225 Sutter.
A FISCHER uprisht piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 2"J7 Geary st.
$CC FOR a fin? upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S, 210 McAllister st
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy planes, Cecellan pfano
player. ( BYRON MAUZY, 3CS-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st. !
3-PEDAL Steinway upjChlckering baby grand; !
• Shoniriger, little used. Keeffe's. 2£3 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best in AmerVa — The Weekly i
• Call. 1C parres, sent to any address In the
Ur.itPd States or Canada one year for $1.
to i-et. i
A — SMALL office and desk room In light,
pleasant office. 3<1 Geary st.
PSUSOUALS.
A— MMK. GILLINGHAM,
Complexion specialist, has opened offices at
131 Powell st., between O'Farrell and Ellis;
she guarantees to remove "every wrinkle,
crowfeet, bagglness of the eyes, freckles,
lost contour, smallpox pittings. etc.; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby skin;
all consultation free and confidential, either
by mail or person: I will take patients for
the next 30 days at greatly reduced rates.
SHOULD this come under the eye of JAMES
H. O'MEARA or any of his acquaintances
will confer a fa\ - or on his widowed mother
by addressing MRS. M. McEVOY. Wenat-
chee. Chelan County. Washington.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
oer 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St., S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
! proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
[ and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac- i
ccpt no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk, j
{ PROF. DE LOUTSKY. dermatologist; Parisian '
I methods; all facial hjemlshes permanently j
removed. 327 Geary et., cpp. St. Francis; i
open Sundays.
DURING the month of August, we will teach
hairdrcssing, manicuring;, shampooing, scalp
treatment and dermatologist business; terms
reasonable. T»24 Ellis. The Iroquois. room 535. i
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting j
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by I
Ekllled specialist from Europe. Apply Central j
Pharmacy. Grant ave. Worst cases cured. |
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 810 Post *»t.. near Powell.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at. 1810 Sutter st.
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants,$15.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St., bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite hair-
dressing parlors) to 645 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
$250. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market j
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress~pants $2 6o! J
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont. !
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
_catarrh. A' VI DA CO.. 3324 19th, nr. Valencia, i
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369~Su1> i
ter, r. «09. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs; i
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. ,733 Mkt. !
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray j
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'. |
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
! of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market it., opposite Fifth. |
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMISTRY.
Mrs. Whitney, palmist incurs 10 to 12.2 to 8,Sun.;
Thur. eve, readings: admission 15c. 711 Polk.
PABTNEHS WANTED.
PARTNER, established business; smalT VapN
tal. McDIARMID, 1014 Broadway. Oakland.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market Et.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor!
treats all diseases ot\ the human body; for
past four years at ll. r >-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 310 Powell et., tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases -skillfully treated.
PBOPOSAItS.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. Office of In- |
dlan Affairs. Washington. D. C. July 13, j
1904. — Notice Is hereby given that bids for
ths purchase of unleased segregated coal and I
asphalt lands and unleased segregated coal (
snd asphalt deposits will be opened by the |
Commissioner ot Indian Affairs at his office.
In Washington, at dates as follows: For the
purchase of tracts within the McAlester Dis-
trict (No. 1). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern '
time). Monday. October 3. 1904; for tracts
in the Wilburton-Stlgler District (No. 2), at
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time), Monday, De-
cember 5. 1904; for tracts In the Howe-Po-
teau District (No. 3).. at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time), Monday, February 6, 1905;
fcr tracts In the McCurtain-Massey District
(No. 4). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time).
Monday, April 8. 1905; for tracts In the Le-
hlgh-Ardmore District (Xo. S). at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time), Monday. June 5 1905;
and for tracts in District No. 6 (unleased
tegregated asphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
! (Eastern time), Monday, Aujrust 7, 1905
j Circulars descriptive of the lands and deposits I
; to be sold and copies of the regulations of
June 17. 1904, governing the sale of the un-
leasci segregated coal and asphalt lands and
unleaeed segregated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to this
office or the United States Indian Agent,
Union Agency, Muskogee, Indian Territory
Bid* must be on the prescribed form, which
will be found In the regulations. A certified
check or draft for twenty per cent of the
• mount of the bid must accompany the bid
- The lands will be sold for cash, and success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs the full
amount of their respective bids within fifteen
4ayi after receipt by them of notice of the
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
der falls to comply with the terms of his bid
within the time specified the check deposited
by him as an evidence of good faith will be
forfeited to the use of the Choctaw* and
Chlckasaw nations. The right to reject any
or all bids is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
•will contain a clause "subject, however, to
existing rights of way for railroads." A. C.
TONNER, Acting Commissioner. Depart-
ment of the Interior, Washington, D. C.
July 13, 1904. Approved. THOMAS RYAN
Acting Secretary. ——_____
NOTICE TO BUYERS OF GRAIN BAGS— I
am authorized by the Board of Prison D1-,
rectors to sell one million (1,000,000) grain
bags at $4 75. 5P0t cash, within the period
up to and including the 15th day of August
1004. Any purchaser may buy the whole or
any part of the one million (1.000,000). - All
orders' to be accompanied by the affidavits
required by law. Blank orders can be had
upon application. J. W. TOMPK1NS, Warden,
Ban Quentln Slate Prison.
STOEAGE AND WABEHOTTSE3.
A^GILBERt"^STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping; warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A-^EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household grooda stored, moved, «hlpp«d. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third •_phone_Grant_lfll.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Movrnj? Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. P»" 1 -Jp x^ 87 i*
CONKLlN'S~Storage^Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson^ 281.
BEKINsTvaiTand StorageCo.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel, Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEwraro^MAjCBtiOTs^Airo^siffPPxras.
DOMK8TIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
__STOCKS^NI| BOWDSJPOB SAI.E.
FOR sale — 7000 shares of the capital stock of
the Glen Cove Land and Transportation Com-
pany. Box 2S73. Call office.
TO I.EASE. ¦
TO rent or lease^ — A good slue store in Ochsner
buildlns, adjoining Poetofflce. K st., between
Seventh and Eighth; a good opportunity to
get a business in the best business portion of
Sacramento. Apply at premises or 112 Beulah
st.. gan Francismo. JOHN OCHSNER.
TYPEWEITEBS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. NoTl
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Martet.
VIAVX.
A WAY to health — Mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for It.
V1.X VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness; phone East 282.
STJCTTTEBINQ AND OTAaCTMEBIJrQ.^
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness and Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in U. S. ; private; established 3
years In S. F. Tel. Mint 2020 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE UCKXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
James W. Evans, 28. Fresno, and Daisy M.
Fulllngton, 21. 501 Larkln street-
Domir.lck DevLncenzi. 22. 704 Union street,
and Annie Lewis, 19, Sausalito.
Christian Christensen, 42, Richmond, and
Anna M. Moore, 36, Ptneland.
James F. Kelly, 27. 31d Third street, and
Margaret Dolan. 18. 216 Harrison street.
Manuel J. Sllvelra, 30. 65 Jackson street,
and Rosa L. Mandonca, 21, 65 Jackson street.
" BIRTHS-— MAERIAGES—DEATH3L
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in nt either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
LINDOW— 1n this city. August 5. 1904. to
the wife of W. J. Llndow (nee Schnait-
tacher), a daughter.
McFARLAND— In this city, July 31, 1904, to
the wife of Samuel J. McFarland, a son.
PORTELLO— In South San Francisco. August
4. mot, to the wife of Manuel Portello, twin
sons.
SMITH— In this city. July 18. 1904, to the
wife of W. A. Smith, a son.
TOMSKEY— In this city, to the wife of Wil-
liam Tomskey, a son.
~™ ¦ MARRIED.
BICKERTON'— SAMUELS— In this city. Aug-
ust 3. 1004. by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown,
Haughton C Bickerton ot/ Honolulu, H. L,
and Iona S. Samuels of Jtedimont, Idaho.
BOOGS— KNEIBES— In this city, August 3,
1904, by the Rev. F. M. Larkln, Alexander
M. Boms and Janet Kneibes, both of New-
man, Cal.
BONNIKSEN— JESCHANEK— In this city.
August o. 19Oi, by the Rev. E. P. Block,
John J. Bpnniksen of Haywards and Augusts
Jeschanek' of Stockton.
MORRISON— CROCKER— In this city, August
2, 1904. by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown, Wil-
liam R. Morrison and Rose Crocker, both of
this city.
DIED — — -¦
Alexandro. Tosi r Harrington. John
Bastian, Catherine Holscher, Margaret
Carrier- s. Theophlle Huslng. Adeline
Covington. Simeon Hutchlns, Easle
Ccx, Albert J. Jackaon. Clyde P.
Crltcher, Henry Langlotx. Frederika
Dodds, Josiah Lebrecht. Dollie A.
Donovan, Corneliua Mangan, Elizabeth
Driscoll. Dennis J. McCarthy, Mary J.
Encs. Manuel L. Moriarty. Mary E.
Fahrenkrug, Sophie Morgan. Thomas W.
Farrell, Rebecca Newman, Julius
Fry. Thomas M. Nye, Emeline
Fuchs, Johann. Remlllard, Peter N.
Gilmore. Catherine Schwarz, Henri
Hagen, Elizabeth Schuppert. Magda-
Hammersmlth, Eliz- lena .
abeth Walker. Grace E.
Hampton. Charles. C Williams. Elenor
Hansen, liana C. Vallejo. Miss G.
ALEXANDRO— In the City and County Hos-
pital August 5, 1904, Tosi Alexandro, a na-
tive 'of Italy, aged 45 years.
BASTIAN — In San Lorenzo, August 4, 1904,
Catherine, devoted wife of Philip Bastian,
and dearly beloved mother of August. Lena.
George. William. Charles and the- late Philip
and Peter Bastian, and sister of George
Selgler and Mrs. Bertha Weiss, a native of
Wurttmberg, Germany, aged 69 years and 1
month.
(SCTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, August e, at 11 o'clock, from her
late residence, San Lorenzo. Interment San
Lorenzo.
CARRIERES — In this city. August 5. 1904,
Theophlle Carrleres, dearly beloved brother
of Edward. Camille, Marius Almee and
yidonie Carrlert-s, Mrs. Ph. Maury and Mrs.
Cappot. a native of France, ag-d 30 years
5 months and 28 days.
tCT" Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
August 7. at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Iaccheri. Duclos A Co., 629 Broad-
way thence to Notre Dame des Vlctolres
Church for services. Interment Holy Crosa
C«metery.
COVINGTON— In Oakland, August 5, 19<M.
Simoon, beloved husband of Annetta Cov-
ington. and father of Simeon C. Covingtcn.
Annetta K. Houston and Sidney H. Coving-
ton, a native of England, aged 73 jeais 1
month and 1U days.
COX— In this city, August 3. 1904. Albert
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Cox, and devoted father of May E. and the
late Albert Joseph Cox Jr., and beloved son
of the late Joseph F. and Mary Jane Cox.
and brother of Richard J. Cox. Mrs. Mary
Thomas and Mrs. Laura Murray, and son-
in-law of Thomas and Annie Carroll, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 6 months
; and IS days.
CTFriends and acquaintances ire respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. August 7. at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, lo-'W-a Folsom street, under the
auspices of Loyal Golden Gate Lodge No. .
71SU, I. O. O. F. M. U. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
CRITCHER— In this city, August 6, 1904.
I Henry Critcher, a native of Virginia, aged
! 78 years.
DODDS— In this city, August 5, 1904, Joslah
Charles Dodds, beloved son of Robert and
Jane Dodda. and brother of Mrs. Maria II.
Manchester, Mrs. Sarah J. Stelner, the late
Amos William Dodds. Mrs. Mary Emily
Marxoff. Edward A. Dodds and Robert G.
Dodds. a native of San Francisco, aged 26
y^ars 4 months and 20 days. (Liverpool.
Blrkenhead and Dublin 'papers please copy.)
DONOVAN— In this city, August 8. 1904,
Conullutf. beloved husbund of Catherine Don-
ovan, and father of Nora and Cornelius
Donovan, and brother of Mrs. T. O"Keefe
and the late Mr*. E. * Buckley, a native of
Newmarket. County Cork, Ireland, aged 68
years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DRISCOLL— In this city, Auirust 4, 1004,
Dennis John Driscoll. beloved husband of
| Julia Driscoll. and father of John and Daniel
Driscoll and Mrs. H. M. Kelly, a native of
Scull County Cork. Ireland, aged 75 years.
"E?"KrtendB and acquaintances aw respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8 :30 o'clock, from his late
i residence, 127 Juniper street, thence to St.
' Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ENOS — In San Pablo, August 5. 1904, Manuel
L Eno*. beloved husband of . Grace Enon.
and father of Madeline. Grace. Louis and
Manuel Enos. a native of San Leandro. aged
42 yf ars and 6 months.
cyFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*)
Sunday. August 7, at 2 o'clock, at the U.
P. E. C. Hall. San Leandro.
FAHRENKRUO — In this city. August 4, l»O4.
Sophie, dearly beloved wife of Christian
Fahrenkrug, and lovlns mother of Henry.
Lulu and Emma Fahrenkru-r, a native of
Schwenn, Hanover. Germany, aged 88 yean
- James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN it CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
—Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy st. :JTcl. Sooth 57&
BEAXi ESTATE— COXTNTBY— Por Sale.
BARGAINS IN WASHINGTON LAND.
480 ACRES at only $21 per acre; 40 acres
under cultivation; 8 in orchard; bal. finest
of fir and yellow pine; 2 miles to sawmill
and 5 miles to river; when cleared will raise
all kinds of grain and unsurpassed for fruit;
every acre tillable when cleared; 11 springs;
2 houses on same, and school convenient;
will trade for part In S. F.. California,
property; Investigate this. SEAL ROCK
INVESTMENT CO., 1312 Market St., room
418; teleohone Folsom 34C8.
ONE-ACRE lots at Mountain View, Santa
Clara County; $400 for Inside. $450 for
- corners; streets graded; water on each lot; t
only TV, blocks from main street; partial pay- j
ments; near station; convenient to Stanford i
University; good schools and choice neighbor-' i
1 hood; write for map and full particulars.
WALTER A. CLARK. Mountain View. Santa I
Clara County. Cal. j
A SPLENDID HOME. !
$4000 — 60 acres of the best land; 5 miles
SE. of Stockton; $2000 Improvements; owner
going East, reason for selling: half cash,
balance at 6 per cent net per annum; plenty |
of time. Inquire W. L. MORROW, Stockton. 1
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO..
«48 Market st. . —
MENLO PABK BEAL ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks: water and good
roads: last of this property left; % cash.
Menlo Park — A fine country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent trees; well j
built, old-fashioned house In good condition;
for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all improved.
Fair Oaks — Land in best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wood«d: In tracts of
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to those
building immediately.
SELBY. RODOERS & CO., •
Telephone Main r.73. 110 California «t-
EOOK3 FOS HOUSEKEEPING.
BRADY, 6, two doors from Market, near 12th
— Sunny housekpg.; large yard; $7 and $10. j
HARRISON. 743— Suite parlors; gas range,
grate, bath, laundry, sunny.front; rear suite.
HOWARD, 719 >,i — Housekeeping rooms: also
other rooms; clean; sunny; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1971— Part of new modern unfur-
nished flat- of 3 or 4 rooms cheap to right
party. x
JESSIE, 333 — Large sunny front parlor; fur- !
nlshed housekeeping; gas range; $3 50 week. !
KEARNY, 104 — Sunny, bay-window front
suite; $11; unfurnished; adults.
: KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reaa. '
; McALLISTER, 083^ — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms '
for housekeeping; regular kitchen; call jbe- i
fore 4. ¦ !
OAK. 117, 638 McAllister — Rooms, complete; j
$5 to *12; gas range, hot bath; adults. •
i O'FARRELL. 1094-1395—2 or 3 nicely fur-
nished sunny, front housekeeping rooms.
POST. 9C2 — Nicely furnished sunny front suite;
gas. bath, phone, water; complete; $14 month.
THE Virginia, 1005 Powell st. — Complete for
*h6kpg. ;furn.or unfurn.apartmts; bay window;
marine view; bath, range. Phone Red 802. |
TURK, 1147 — Elegant new eultes; unfur., sun-
ny: view Jefferson Square; choice location.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3307— Housekeeping furl
nlshed room. $5; near three car lines.
VALLEJO, 111C— Nicely furnished sunny up- '
per floor; complete for housekeeping; rent
reasonable. .
i VAN NESS, 31— Nice furnished front parlor,
| kitchen, gas, etc.: reasonable; location fine, j
VAN NESS ave., 37—2 rooms to le{,; $1 75 and
$3 per week; suitable for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave, 232 — Fur. housekeeping, sin-
gle and 2-room suites; $6, $10. $16,. $18.
WALLER, 71 — Fine sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished, $7 up; new "house; grand view.
WEBSTER. 1229—3 or 4 very desirable house- .
keeping rooms; phone and bath. ' j
APABTMEITT HOTJBZ3. _i
ET. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5 j
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350. j
M ****************************************************************************^^ i
BOOKS TO LET— Purn. and TJnf urn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth et.— Rooms |
25c to $1 per" night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1 i
Fifth st.) — Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night; ;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night. \
BELMOND House, ever Owl drugstore, 2 en- i
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric i
lights; running water, in every room; 200 '
I rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week. !
! CRAGBURN (The). 1C07 Larkln. cor. "postal |
Sunny nicely furnished rooms; single, en :
suite, housekeeping apartments; running i
water, baths; rates reasonable.
EDDY, 110 — Launston — Nice furnished rooms: !
location; respectable; reasonable. ;
ELEVENTH. 21 — Sunny rooms, furnished or j
unfurnished: running water; references. j
ELLIS, 1052 — Elegant furnished room; cheap. |
| FRANKLIN, 721, near G. G. ave.— Sunny fur- ¦
I nlshed front rooms; all conveniences ;$11&$12. ;
¦ FURNISHED or unfurnished rooms, with or J
without housekeeping: als«o rooms with board: |
full particulars: no charges. Room Renting .
1 Advertisers. 117 Sutter St.; office In rear of j
store upstairs. j
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $125 night; $1 50 to $8 wk. ; reading- rm.
GREEN, 718. between Powell and Mason sts. — ;
Sunny furnished front room to let. ;
; HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low i
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week. '
$16 — 3 rooms and bath. 1622 Howard St., be-
tween Twelfth and Thirteenth. j
LA BRANCH House. 1220 Powell— Clean and j
quiet furnished rooms, $1 week and up. j
MARKET. JOtftA.The Falmouth — Sunny rooms; |
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7. i
1 MONTGOMERY. 131— Several nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; gas, water, grates; j
i ' rezscnabl-?. :
!''¦ ' i
POST, 0C2 — Exceptionally nice sunny front j
rooms, every convenience, very desirable. I
$8 to $15. i
¦ i
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights, I
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. We to $1 60; week. $2
to $S: month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. !
SEVENTEENTH, 4160, near Market— Elegant-
ly furn. large frortt sunny room: gas. bath, j
closet, piano: $2 week; gent; board optional, i
THIRD, 30S— 25ci80c,75o,$t night; $1 'J5, $4 wk;
respectable; gas; bath free; housekpg rooms.
UNITED STATES. 123 Kddy. near Market — 100
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, resd.-room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and resjreeta'We: 70O rooms;
o5c to $t 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
j • elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggag?.
¦ WOLF House. 202 Sixth St.— Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from t>Oe to $5 per week.
; ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
t BOOMS Ainp BOARD.
TAYLOR, 410— A nice large room for two
gentlemen " who would room together; good
board; also room and board for a neat, plain
man. ,
! GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031 near Jelterson
t Park — Furnished room. bath, private house,
j good. board, $20; two $32.
ROOM and board. $16 to $18 per month; com-
forts; bath. N etc. 1021 Washington st.. near
Mason. .
TWENTY-FJFTH, 3437— Large room newly
, furnished; southern exposure; board optional;
phone. I
• VALENCIA, 936 — Beautiful sunny rooms:
nicely furnished; running water: private
boat 'line-house. ' «
EDDY, 1128, -opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms: table board; reas.: new raanag.
HOWARD. 841A — Flrst-claes board and room,
single or double, $5-$8 wk.: American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
807 California— Pee rooms.learn prlces.try table
BOOM gEHTPTG AQEgCY.
WE rent your rooms; hundreds of roomers call-
ing daily; don't delay seeing us. Room Rent-
. ing Advertisers. .117 Sutter St.; phone Clay
996; office In rear of store upstairs.
PIYIPEWD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Co., Con
A dividend. No. 68, of fifty cents (60c) per
ebarr or. the 'issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared, payable at the office
of the company, rooms 202. 204 and 206 Hay-
ward bldg.. ban Francisco, on Aug. 10. 1904.
' Transfer books close Aug. 3, 1004. at noon.
R. H RENNIE. Secretary Pro Tern. .
•LEOAXi ADVEB-nSEMEjtTTS.
ALL creditors are ' requested to present their
r bills in three "days from date. MRS. M.
HART, 024 Brannan st.
tow ahd roxrap.
FOTJND — The next throe months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
cn*-thlrd the regular prices; under contract
and must sell: 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. SHIBELET, THE FLORIST.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of PIERRE JEAN ROUQUETTE; No.
2*0-895. The finder will please rgturn to
bank.
LOST— Bar pin of pearls and diamonds; lib-
eral reward. Return to office, Columbia
Theater.
MIN'K boa. Return to LIVINGSTON BROS",
123 Poet et.; receive reward.
LAPWCEES -FOH HIBB.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co..Union-st. Wharf; boat-
ing & excursions. 3 Eteuart st. ;tel. John 2688.
MATBIMOBriAI.. •
GET married: Join the Leap Year Club; no list-
no publicity. Particulars. P. O. box 20O4.S.F.
MATTBSSSES AITP PILLOWS.
TO order ;renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS., 1432-34 Howard st. ; phone South 216.
HEADQUARTERS for Tonopah stocksT539^B43
Crossley bldg.. Pacific States Min. & Inv. Co.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring cafe, eure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorder?; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market »t.. roome 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Kelp for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
phyFician here who can say this. Call or
write. Conndential. Est. 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST. ,
j MRS. DR- WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant 'relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.'
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable epeciallst fcr all fe-
I male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOCS'-* Market St., opp. 5th.
; DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist en female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
• nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
! advice free. Office 1018 Market et.
! LADIES' irregularities from any cause cured
In one day: no drugs: no operations; strictly
private: advice free; hours, 0 to 9.
DR. SYLVESTER, office 219 Kearny st
I MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth st~beT
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
| DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
j LADIES — Kumround: safe. eure. never fails;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny &. Clay.
| DR. ROSEN~resine« 2995 Folsom St., corner
i 26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
j BOILERS, engines. "M-hand machinery. McIN-
; TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st.
———————_____ _ __
Repair it with elatente, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAXD machinery, engines, boiler*?, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., Jjought. sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale Et.
A — BUYS, sells or rent* gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2S3-255 Spear et. "
j DIAMONDS and 'jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery et.. room 12, upstairs.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tux-jdo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
DIAMOXD8. watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton St.
j J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
¦ upstairs.
J TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
[ __charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ENGINEER'S transit for sale, cheap. A. B.
CONE. 411 Market it.
i 2D-HAND build'g material, lumber.doora.sash,
material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
i BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English spaniel
;¦ pups, 5 w. old: $7 50 & $10. 2137 H Mission et.
I FOR sale — 100.000 old bricks. Corner Annie and
j. Jessie st.
, DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission St.; tel South 811.
j __
| LINOTYPE, used only about 3 years; great
bargain. Box 3409. Call.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIX 138 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Firet-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1C21H Market et.
I SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1816 Market st.
j EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
galupl, moved to 786 Mission »t.
i — - — —
i MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, gale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Poat st. '
SOME good 2d-hand era-oltne engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAX.V SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
GASOLINE engines automobiles and launches;
all hlzeg. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLAMEOPS WAWT8.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full drees suits, etc.; send
posul card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton «t.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th ft. ; tel. Jeesle 2851.
MONEY TO >.0AN.
AAA— HERMAN"ilURPHY."
401-602-603 Kxamlner building.
Quick -settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by. dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
let, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or .
Chattels. In city, town /
or country.
Jj-jw rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490, Call office-
I SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one;ccr.fidential and courteous treatment:
1 call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
j A— ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; na publicity; also on real estate;
l*t or 2nd mortgage* or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 38 Geary, room 30.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
snd valuables: our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
?LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlng-housps, without
•security: easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Tarrott bldg. '
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month:
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 007 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
X PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commltelon; no publicity; $25 up- quick,
quiet, confidential. 2C Montgomery st..rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver
diamonds, pearls and precious etones boucht
at W. J. HESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth st. ¦
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages"
life Insurance policies, etc United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton et.
TO falsried people without security; on furnl-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS to salaried people privately without se-
curity. PIONEER CO.. 819 Market »t..sulte 3L
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg., 708 Market st.
HELP WA.BTTEP— MALE— Oontlnned.
AT C. R. HAXSKN & CO . Employment Agts.
42» Basil St.. 042 Clay St.
FOR HUMBOLDT CO.. CAL.
Oorn*rttme*n.headenanen and mucke.rs,$2 75. $2
NEW TUNNEL, NORTH, STEAMER
SAILS TO-DAY.
laborers, pipeline, eouth. $2 23.
Laborers, Shasta County, $2 25.
€. Teamsters.. Southern California, $2.
Handy man with tools, country. $25.
Shoemaker to do repairing work, country
$2 50 day.
Houseman, city, $40.
Tpur.K Gcrtr.aa for barkeeplng, country. $30.
Vegetable cook, country hotel, make *«-af-
" Broil*-:-, country hotel, $45.
' yop«ta.bl» cock, cily, $12 week.
•CocU«. waltw, Dcrurs, bellboys, city and
rmtatiy. 5:.v*<;o.
• C. Bf HANSIiX & CO.. Employment Agents.
423 Ui^h St., C42 Clay st.
- WANTED—
; Kxi>orienc*d floorwalker, $75 to $100.
sJtjeyosfrarhfr. out cf city. $S0.
• •' A**lf>tat2t bookkeeper, single, cood at figures,
$oO and meals.
Young man to deliver typewriters. $S.
Ftrocg young man for freight elevator, $1 75
day.
m » Krrss?r on suits, A No. 1. pood salary.
Tw;o candy helpers. $G each to start.
. Grocery solicitor who can bring tr&de, west-
. em section.
: V.recrry clerk, out of city, $40.
• J<-»-e!ry salesman, commission.
" a "No. 1 t-Ufsman to ae:i stock of local aan*o-
farturing company.
- "X<>n boyy. e^t-d 16 to IS. $4 to $6.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.,
. ". 50a Hearst Building.
• AT~HORD &. SMITH'S]
Contractors' Agents. P5 Third *t.
T:rneke<?]>--r for construction work; must have
• ' experience and be uell recommended.
. S laTiort-rs fcr private place, $2.
Toame.ters for construction work, north.
This is a long Job; $2 and $2 25.
" Second cork. cily. good place, $50.
2 ditihwa^hers. city. $25.
Ftableman. city, $-io and found.
H-.nch hands, cabinet makers. $3 50.
Fcr planin-r-ir.i".".c. city and country-
Pipe line, youth. laborers. $2 25; fare. $3 05.
Southern California, teamsters, $2; long Job.
' A~*WELL-EDUCATED. clever Jew to solicit
" arnonta Jen; « good member of Jewish or-
Caatxattons preferrfd: ccne but Al solicitors
' n^ej arp-y- l*cx 3062. Call office.
HOP picking be-rins at Wheatlar.d on Tues-
<!ny. Aug. 9; cal! for special rate ticket? im-
. •rhediatcly"* office npen to-night and Sunday).
i: CLEMENS HORST CO., 122 Batten' st.
"P~ANTKT> — A man to make himself useful
• ir •und: o*".*" who can drive; short distance in
country; $]5 a month eni found; apply 816
S^r.s-jme *t. /CM KAISERHOF.
BUSHELMAN wur.ted on custom work. Apply
P. N. WOOD & CO.. "40 Market et.
EAI-KSMA?:— Bovs' clothing department. S. X.
WOOD & CO.
"' BOY6 wanted. JOE ROSENBERG. SI6 Mar-
ket et.
FINE vest-r.-ikers wanted. Apply CHARLES
LYONS, I-cr.don Tailor. 721 Market itt.
GOOD barber: Saturday tnd Sunday; $6. 1409
DepoBt st. .
EaRBER *n anted. Cell at noon. 523 Castro
- rtreet.
BARBEB we.r.t?d for Saturday and Sunday.
121 i Ninth ave.; Sunset.
BARBER for Saturday ar.d Sunday. 21 East
strert.
BARBER wanted fcr Saturday afternoon and
Sunday. 504Vj Broadway.
¦GOOD barber for Saturday; $4 50. 1310
. Castro st.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday. 5C5 Four-
teenth Et., Oakland.
PORTER wanted. DAF.EEE * IMMEL. 213
O" Farrell st.
XI AN to take printing criers. Apply 519 Fil-
bert Et.
" WANTED — Job ruler: steady situation. Apply
to.SANBORX. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st.
"SIAN ior outside light work can make $75
n:or.th. HIS Market St.. room 1.
MEN to leam t,art>er trade; only eight weeks
• re^uirsJ; constant practice and expert in-
tiructicn: pesiticne tecured; special induce-
9 r-.er.tE tfcie month: catalogue mailed free.
Moler Syrttm College. G35 Clay st.
V." ANTED — Machine hand who understands
.ber.dsaw and fhai>er and mba can get out
msh doers and frames. Suter-Hevener Mill
ar.d Mfe. Cc. Sacramento.
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knoul^d^e of «?ncyclcpe<?ia work: salary $1000
per year w'tb additional bonus; firet-class
reference* required. Box 30C9. Call office.
tVANTED-^Labcrers ar.d mechanic* to know
that Efl tto!lt!*3, Reno House proprietor, has
added :<tt) new rooms to the Denver Hcuse,
• 217 Third 5t. : 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
Wa-N'TTD — Men and women to prepare for
Goverrir.ent poFiticrs. Apply for free cata-
lcpue giving partlcu'.ar*. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market St.,
,"•' V.'-ANTED— Men and boys to learn plumbing
trad*; Coyne Bros. Co School cf Practical
PluE.t.r.g; tend for catalogue. Address 4973-3
Eastcri ave.. St. Louis. Mo.
. .Man to hang window shades: not necessary to
t*- member of union: wages $3 50 day. Box
. • X<'.:». Call office. .
[WANTED— -Steady AI barber; *ruarante«d $15
I r*r week; apply at once. CHARLES Mc-
'COWAS, PlacerrlUe, Cal.
JETHRAND boy wanted; must have references;
. steady T>o»"iticn and advancement for right
- fror KIRK. GF-ART & CO.. 112 Geary »t.
• TRY our ctn'f shoes, union made, at $1 and
. $1 50 r«lr; fnoi-forn: shoes at $2 '60; we pay
• «?x?-eB* or tr.ail charges II 3d 6t..Exain. bid.
DOATUAKEB an<5 rufhelman for country-
Arr'r REIPS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter at.
.. VOL'NG man. 16 or 17 years, to chine shoes in
2'fcTber-s-hop; *'; hec-.n with. 2423 Sutter et.
EARBER ihop for rale: 2 chairs: good location;
hou*ekeej):r.g rooms rear. 1933 Mission st.
• LaBOX debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy..r. 413.
TO'."NG man to learn barker trade: paid whll*
l<&m:r.g. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
EAII-OUi ar.d youn; men 'green hands) for
fl-ip?. HALLBERT. ZYl Jackson et.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullis. r.40. Phelan bldg.
. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Potst. G. A. R.
EAILOHS and ordir.ar:.- seamen for all parts of
•— * h<l worid *» HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
•ftTXCHESTEK Hotel. «4 Third rt.. near Marl
k-t — 70<i rani-; S5c night; reading-rooms;
ft*8« 'txw end basrap* to and from ferry-
, A BBAKCI1 ofSre of The Call for the reception
c. s-Svenisensfnts s-id FUb?cript!on« has been
. opened at IOCS Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Or»r until 11 c. m.
ALL *'-ce-» m»n't shoes, elicnt'y <iamar*<l half
f-rtgtg. W3 Mission st.. bet. 1st nnd 2d sts.
¦ ckt v"!!r *hit?ts batf-voied tvhiie waltlrg- 25e
t» SO", r-r..-; M>;i-r. «-.. y»t. In nn<1 2d tt>.
• 'gEI»P WASH-ED — SOLICITORS. ~
Al UUV cr rest -solicitor: splendid induce-
. " Ceil tiftf. m.. 224 Cal!a.chan bldg.
• '_ JffOBSES A2TO WAOOSTS.
-JX1T arrived from Oregon: car load broken
hurse* irr.m U*Xt to 1200 lbs.: at Pants Rr«a
Stock 8 nd Bale Yards. J477 Market st. iS
Lie-.tr.th. TI1OS. CONNER &. CO.
> FINE, m-w, up-to-date rubber-tire victoria
foi s*le : i,e-.fr i>efn used: it cost $1100- will
be i*old for half the price. 1504 Folsoir. st.
AUCTION «le mtf Tue«day; horsei. wagons
furrey*. bu^gici. carts and harnest; at 1140
Folsom et.
; FIXE river bottcm pasturage; green feed vear
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Co«ta
County. N'uclrjs Stab'eg. 190 Stevtnson. S.F.
F"R e al — :t r.i-e biack saddle horges at 834
D*vi*adfro rt.
"FOR eale— 1W f xtra choice dairy r O w E . Address
room S2. Xo. 3 Cal. «.. g in Francisco.
. NE.W and second-hand wagons, buggies «ur-
• ,p»y«. cheap at 100 Golden Gate ave.
FOUK fine eurreys for Kale cheap; some busi-
n»*e burgle*. 1503 Folsom et.
f-?DDL"S h.^r^s for rale— One chestnut stogie-
footer and ore black. 1309 Fulton st.
. FOT? sslc— Top and cpc»> buggies; cheap. 623
.. Fulton trt.
"WAGONETTE?. *urrey«. (,iif- £ i, 5 . wagons, hsr-
vets.- <¦ ork ar.d crl\ir,g hort^t. 15th -Valencia.
H0TJSE3 TO LET.
• A^-PRIKTEI> li*t of houses to let;sena for clr-
-cTilar. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
• HOTEL to rent— 13 rooms: J541 and 154.1 Pine
• et.. bftw^en Polk and Van X<-es ave.; electric
lighted : ftef.m heated; running hot and cold
water in every room; one block from three
car line; man will be on premises from
VJr to 1 every day. -
* HOUSES TO LIT — PTTaJTISHEP.
AN abfolutely modern elegantly furnli-hed
houre, about 15 rooms, billiard and social
hsll. 4 bathp, etc.; large garden; choice lo-
cs.(ion; to let for one year from Sept. I.;
r>nt reationaH*- right party. Box 2S87, Call!
htvaxjp cgATjtta^ •
COLD, rented, exchanged: manufarturers of
Lames tricycle chair. 2018 21kt; tel. Park 775.
, BSAIi ESTATE— CITY— gOB SAM.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
6 MONTGOMERY ST.
HOMES IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
MISSION. ETC.
$20.000 — Mission st. ; large residence in good
order; 65 ft. front with extra depth.
$18,500— Clay St., north side; in first-class
residence locality; fine large, well built and
well arranged house of 12 rooms, 2 baths, etc. ;
all in good order.
$16,500 — North side of street facing Golden
Gate" Park and Boulevard; 60 ft. front; very
fine and artistic residence of 2 stories and Eng-
lish basement; has den, reception hall, living
room, dining-room in Flemish oak, butler's I
pantry, kitchen, servant's room, 4 bedrooms
and bath; 5 very artistic mantels; fine gas fix-
tures; half of lot is vacant.
$16,000 — Jackson St., north side, and close to
a public park; fine house and lot.
$14,000 — Good 2-story and basement residence
on 20th^st.» containing 11 rooms and bath.
Chinaman's room, laundry, wine closet, etc.;
large and comfortable home; fine view of city.
$13,000 — Green St., 50 ft. front; artistic
sblnzle bouse of 8 rooms and bath; natural
redwood finish; fine marine and land view; in
a first-class residence locality.
$12,500— Clay st.-corner; depth of lot on
north side of street; sun and light in every
room; 12 rooms and 2 baths; all in good order;
street work and sidewalk complete; cars con-
venient; 15 minutes of Kearny st.
$12.000— California st. near Van Ness ave.;
good 2-story residence In choice in town lo-
cality.
$10,000— California St.; 2-story residence, 10
rooms and bath; fine home.
$10,500— Washington St.. north side, near a
plaaa; 27:6x137:6; built 6 years; 8 rooms,
bath, attic .and basement; street work all done;
Good neighborhood; house In first-class condi-
tion; an exceptionally well built house. •
$0000 — Jackson St.. north side; 24:6x115; 2-
story, S rooma and bath; worth $65 a month If
rented.
$0000 — California st.; in good portion; level
block; 9 rooms and bath; sunny house; 27:6x
137:0.
$8500 — Vallejo St.: fine view; key lot; sun In
every room; S large rooms and bath. I
5S500 — Vallejo St., with fine marine view; I
rood and substantial house of 8 large sunny I
rooms, bath and basement.
»>$S500— Gough St., near .Pacific; very good 2-
etory residence of 8 rooms, bath and plastered
basement. -
! SSOOO — Fine home with large grounds In I
I Richmond: 10 rooms, 2 baths and stable; rents j
I for. $tX>; this is a sacrifice. ,
; $S00O— Liberty-st. corner; 75 ft. fronts very (
| comfortable 2-story residence of 10 rooms and.:
bath; fine grounds; good residence locality;
marnlflcent view of city.
$8OO0 — Uroderick-st. corner; depth of lot on
north side of street; sun In every room; fine
view of city.
'. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. '
i j 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
3 NEW. modern flats, C room each; rent $1260
per annum; lot 25x100; north side Frederick ,
St., between Ashbury and Clayton; price $11.- ;
500. Apply J. H. KRUSE. 23d and Shotwell.
3 NEW. modern flats. 6 rooms each; rent $1170 !
per annum; lot 25x100; north side Fulton st., ¦
between Cole and Shrader; price $10,500. Ap-
ply J. H. KRUSE, 23d and Shotwell sts. ;
$1 25 PER week; no interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level: no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
INVESTMENT .PROPERTY.
$14.850— Rent $1590 per year; swell flats:
very substantially built: nearly completed;
located very central; 712 Haight, nr. Pierce.
Owner premises every day; lot 30-ft. front.
$1250— COTTAGE, 6 rooma; on Lundy lane;
$1200, cottage. 4 rooms, lot 25x120; Silver
ave.; $1000, cottage, 4 rooms. Lundy lane, i
snap; $700 down and $25 mo., cottage, 8 r."'
| and b. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
NEW colonial house, containing 2 flats of 5
room* and reception hall; artistically deco-
rated; $5400; lot 37x95. B st. and 4th ave.
FOR Bale^ — 2 modern flats on Noe st. Apply
4045 Nineteenth st.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH ft MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
! FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS; up to date;
, terms to suit purchasers; large lots on Fred-
' erick. 'west of Wlllard. Sara Glass, builder.
on premises.
' SAN MATEO SEAL ESTATE.
LOM1TA PARK— On line of San Mateo electrlo
cars; 45 minutes from 5th and Market; sewer
and water pipes to each lot; electric, lights,
etc.; CO-foot lots from $325 to $400; terms.
$10 down and $10 a month; get oft at "Lomlta
Park" and Investigate: maps 6ent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main 673. 116 California St.
POINT BICHMONS BEAX< ESTATE.
4 LOTS, cheap for cash. 328 Bush St., third
floor, room 4. j
BEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
REALTY EXCHANGE' COM PAN Y^
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE S07-808 CALL BUILDING. :
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes |
j to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest- |
lnr the proceeds In a different kind of property.
l Our Ionic experience In this business enables !
1 us to often accomplish this double purpose by
; only one transaction. The only condition we I
; make U that your property, if you wUh Us io j
, dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
I KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
! take up either our time or your own with !
' worthless offerings, or property so heavily
i mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
I If it has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
bring a description of same to our office, rtat-
i ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE- BUSINESS and are !
the only fomiiany In San Francisco making a '
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad- j
vertlslng or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ao-
cept. | -
'alameda advertwts
ALAMESA BEAT. ESTATE.
8-ROOM modern cottage; cor. Pacific ave. and
Benton st.; $1000 less than Its value. Apply
DR. HALPHUNER. 28 California St., city.
2 to 5 p. m. -r
FOR sale — Double-flat house, 4 rooms, bath;
pantry each floor; separate entrance; also a ;
4-room cottage, bath, pantry; rents $38.
2154 Alameda ave.. Alaineda: rare bargain.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
O-.'ICfc, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKIAWD REAI. ESTATE.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$4R0 — Delightful location for home; 30x100.
I $200 — Cheap lot. but a bargain; 50x120.
j $1100 — Sunny comer, near Key route; 40x129.
! $1250 — A bigger lot, but no better: 50x125.
| §1700 — Beautiful, central Piedmont lot; 48x133.
j $3500— The best In Linda Vista Terrace; 70x125.
\ A dozen other fine lots at LAST YEAR'S
i PRICES, belonging to an estate now closing
j out. Send for list and plat with prices.
I EASY TERMS ON THESE HOMES IF YOU
WISH.
$2500— New 6- room cottage: delightful home.
$2750— EiRht-room house, worth $3000; near 2
car lines and 5 blocks from Key Route
station.
$4750 — A barjrnln near school and car lines and
not far from business; 6- room cottage on
lot 72x275. with fruit trees, etc.; will
make four lots later.
$6500— Substantial and comfortable, well built
house, 10 rooms and bath; lot 60x120;
near local station. SEE THIS.
$9500— Beautiful home in Linda Vista; 10
i rooms and more; lot, '70x125. costs noth-
"?•- ins; you pay for the house only.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$1400~COTTAGE of. five rooms; lot 40x140; one
block from the Pledmont-ave. station of
the Key Route; very pretty location and
near school: must be sold; place ought to
sell for $2000. but owner must have
money; terms • $300 cash, balance mort-
gage; Just 32 minutes on the Key Route
to San Francisco.
J. 8. MYERS,
.1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2000 — HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x101*
tank and windmill. 1018 Twenty-fourth st
Oakland, Cal. . . '.
$2200— ATTRACTIVE cottage. 5 r. and b.;
basement, Kas. lawn, fruit trees;- 40x120-
near Telegraph ave. and Key route. 567 36th.
OAKIiAMP HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED, for rent— Lakeside district; one
of the choice homes of Oakland; 14 rooms*
elegantly appointed: beautiful grounds; will
leaee for one year at $150 per month, lnclud-
„ Ing services of gardener; water to be paid
• ¦ -s by tenant; this is an unusual opportunity
best references required.
Apply to the E. P. VANDERCOOK CO.,
¦ 1016 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FTJRNITimE POB SALS.
TO-MORROW the day: for bargains. In furni-
ture. 11. Schellhaas.Uth st.,cor.store, Oakland.
... . - - .- _
I month, and 12 days. A member ©f the
8t. Johannes' Frauen Vereln.
# K^ff^nds and acquaintances are respect-
/2 Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). Auirust 7. at 1 o'clock, from hei
late residence. 2T5CO Folsom street, corner
of Nineteenth, thence to St. Johannes' Evan-
gelical Lutheran Church, corner of Twenty-
second and CapD streets, for services, com-
menclns at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery .
FARRELL— In the City and County Hospital.
August 5. 19O4. Rebecca Farrell. a native oi
Ireland, aged 37 years.
FRY— In Oakland, August 5, 1904. Thomas M-,
beloved husband of Eliza. Jane Fry. and
father of Robert G.. Carl C, Walter P..
Charles B.. Frances and Albert Fry. a nattv«
of West Virginia, aged 64 years 3 months
and IS days.
GILMORE— In this city. August 3. 1904.
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Jamei
Gilmore, and mother of Joseph J. and Allc«
A. Gilmore and the late Hugh and James
Gilmore. and sister of Alice Curran and
sister-in-law of Barney Gilmore, a native of
Ireland.
fCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-moiTO*
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the i»si-
dence of his brother-in-law, James Curran,
1110 Hampshire street, between Twrjuty-
thlrd and ' Twenty-fourth, thence to ?t.
Peter's Church for services at 1 o'clock. In-
tetn-T.t Holy Cross Cemetery.
FUCHS — In the City and County Hospital,
August 4, 1904. Johann Fuchs, a native ot
Germany, aged 63 years.
HAGEN— In this city. August 5. 1904. ETIza-
both, beloved wife of Will A. Hagen. and
mother of Howard A. Hagen. and 'later ol
Jane Goldrinjr. a native of England, aged
k 41 y*ars.
HAMMERSMITH— In this city. August 5,
194, Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of th«
late Joh.i E. Hammersmith, and loving
mother of Mrs. William Zech and Alfred and
Florence Hammersmith, a native of Dres-
den, Germany, aged 50 years 9 months and
II days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). August 7, at 11 o'clock, from hei
late residence. 1332 Geary street, between
Gough and Octavla. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth snd Guerrero streets.
HAMPTON— la | this city. August 4. 1904.
Charles C. Hampton of Marysvllle. Cal., a
native of England, aged 60 years 2 month
and 29 days. (Marysville papers pleas*
copy.)
HANSEN — In this city. August 4. 1904. Hant
C. Hansen beloved husband of Ellen M.
Hansen, and father of Mrs. Louise BerteL-
sen, and brother of Captain P. Hanajn, Mrs.
J. Ipsen, Mrs. P. H. Uhlenberg and Mrs. M.
Taft. a native of Oden*», Denmark, aged
23 years- and 9 months. A member of Aita
Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.
CTFrtends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, rrom Odd Fellows-
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets,
where funeral services will be held under th«
auspices of Alta Lodge No, 205, I. O. O. F.
Cremation at Odd Fellows' Crematory. Re-
mains at the parlors of H, P. Petersen A
Co.. 22S McAllister street.
HARRINGTON— In this city, August 4. 1904,
John, beloved husband of Mary E. Harring-
ton, and father of Alex Harrington. Mrs.
Edgar Corlett of San Francisco and Mrs. J.
L. Grosdldier of Red Bluff, and brother-in- '
law of Mrs. George Godfrey, a native ol
New York, aged 62 years 1 month and IS
days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltert to attend the runeral service*
Saturday, August 6, at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of hia daughter. Mrs. E. Corlett,
2842 FolsonT"»treet. Interment private.
HOLSCHER— In this city. August S. 1904.
Margaret, beloved wife of John C. Holscher,
and mother of Garett Holscher. and sister ot
Mrs. Elizabeth Leppert, and aunt of John
Sweeney, a native of County Roacommon,
Ireland, aged 78 years.
HUSING— In Alameda. August 4. 1904. Adeline
Huslng, beloved wife of Albert Kustog, and
mother of Sina. Johanna and Albert and
Leonard Huslng and Mrs. C. RaDP, a na-
tive of Bremen. Germany, ag«d 55 years 8
months and 4 days.
ICFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Sunday, August 7, at 1 o'clock, at her lat«
residtnee, 639 Central avenue, between Sixth
and Seventh streets, Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
i HUTCHINS— In Alameda. August 4, 190t.
Essie Hutch Ins. widow of the late C. S.
Hutchlns. and mother of Flora Currier and
Eunice Had.*ell. a native of Maine, aged tii
years 4 months and S> days.
C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, August «. at 11 o'clock, at the
residence-. 2136 Pacific avenue, Alameda.
Incineration, at Oakland.
JACKSON— In this city. August 5. 1904, Clyde
Parker, beloved son of F. Parker and Sald««
Jackson, and grandson of Mra. A. Mac Dun*
and Mrs. J. P. Jackson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years 7 manths and 12
days. i
LANGLOTZ— In San Anselmo. August 4, 1904.
Frerterika. beloved wife of H. Langlots. and
mother of Marie L. Derbaum, and grand-
mother of Louise. Fred and Emily Derbaum.
a native of Ohio, asred 64 years 2 month*
and 1 day.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from the oarlors ol
Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment National Cemetery, Presidio.
LEBRECHT— In Oakland. August 4 . 1904.
Dollie A. Lebrecht, beloved sister of Mrs. T.
J. Jenne and Walter and Malsie Lebrecht, a
native, of Oakland, Cal.. aged 18 year* "i
months and 4 days.
MANGAN— In this city, August 5. 1904. at hei
residence. 503 Sixth" street. Elizabeth, be-
loved wife of Thomas Mangan. and sister of
James Cashman of Olymoia. Wash., John
Cashman and Mrs. DMahanty of Boston.
Mass.. and aunt of Lizzie Canning and
¦ Teresa Cashman. a native of Nova Scotia.
Canada, aged 51 years.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MCCARTHY— In Oakland. August 5. 1904,
Mary Jane McCarthy, beloved wife of .
Charles McCarthy, and mother of C. F. '
McCarthy and Mary Ellen McCarthy, a na-
tive of Columbia. Tuolumne County, Cal.,
aged 43 years.
MORGAN— In Oakland. Aurust 3. 1904
Thomas Wolfe, beloved husband of Christine
A. Morgan, and father of Ross. De Neaie.
Thomas W. Jr., Dana R.. James W. and
Jennie C. Morgan, a native of New Orleans,
aged 64 years and 8 months.
IT7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attettd the funeral service?
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 611 Nineteenth street. Oak-
land. Interment private.
' MORIARTY— In this city. August 4, 1904,
llary E.. beloved wife of Patrick Moriarty.
and beloved daughter of Jchn and Kate
Walsh, and sister of Mrs. B. Mlntban. Mrs.
G. RadXord and the late Charles and Jona
Walsh, a native of San Francisco. (N-w
York papers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 770 Harrison street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requienc
high mass will be celebrated for the repos*
ot her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. , Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. r Jxi v- ,.-
NEWMAN — In this city, August 4. 10CH.
Julius, beloved husband of Fanny Nrwman,
and beloved father of Mrs. G. Brenner. Mrs.
L. Meyer and Mildred Newman, and brother
of Mrs. L. Brenner. Mrs. J. S. Levy and
Joseph and Max Newman, a native of Ger-
many. ag«d 71 years and 3 months. (Loa
Angeles papers please ropy.)
BirThe funeral services will take place at
9:io o'clock to-morrow i Sunday). August 7.
at her late residence. 1S70 Greenwich street,
corner Franklin. Interment private. Hills of
Eternity Cemetery.
NYE— In this city. August 4. 1004. Emeline,
beloved wife of C. W. Nye. and mother of
Harry E.. Orrln L. and Byron Nye. a native.
of Wisconsin, aged 45 years 11 months and
20 days. (Los Angeles and Pasadena papers
pleae? eopy.>
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). August 6, at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence, 7 Redwood court, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth streets, thenca by
electric funeral car leaving Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 2:45 o'clock to Cypresa
Lawn Cemetery for Interment.
REMILLARD — In Oakland. Aurust 3. 1904.
PeUr N.. beloved husband of Cordelia Rem-
illard. and father of Emma J., Lillian V.
and the late Philip H. Remlllard. a native
of Canada, aged t7 years 3 months and 2
days. - *
CTFriends .re Invited to attend the
funeral services Saturday. Aurust 8. at 2
o'clock, at hia late residence. Adams street.
near Perkins. Oakland. Interment private.
BCHUPPERT— In this ci'y. August 5. 1904.
Magdalena Schuppert. beloved wife cf thf
late Adam Schuppert. and mother of Aurust
F.. Adam L. Schuppert, Mrs. Carolina Car-
penter and ths late Henry and Charles
Schuppert. a native of Alsace, aged 76 years
I 8 months and 14 day*.
E7" Friends and acquaintance* are re3p*ct-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
to-morrow "tSunday). at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence, 613 Filbert street, thence by
electric car from Elzftteenth and Guerrero
streets to Mount Olivet Cemetery. Inter-
ment orivate.
SCHWARZ — In this city. Aurust 2, 1304.
Henri, dearly beloved husband of Annie
Schwars. and devoted father of Mrs. H.
Helmer. Mrs. A. Haury. Mrs. A. sjenott.
Mrs. C Fredericks and Henri. Frederick.
Alfred. Louie. August. Georsie and Jutlut
Echwarz. a native of Alsace-Lorraine, aged
61 ytars 10 months and 2 days.
E7Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). Aurust «. at 10 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr A Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
VALLEJO-^In this city. August 4. 1904. Mts»
Guadalupe Valtejo, beloved daughter of the
late Jose de Jesus Vatl?Jo and the late Sole-
dad Sanchez, a native of California, aged 40
years .& months and 23 days.
tTThe funeral will take place Saturday.
August 6, at 9:30 o'clock, from Guadalupe
Church, interment private. •
WALKER— In Oakland, August 5. 1904. Grace
E.. beloved wife of Otis H. Walker, and
mother of twin daughters, a native of Iowa.
aged 21 years 7 months and 20 days.
ET'Funeral services Sunday, August 7, al
Ollnda. Shasta County. Cal.
WILLIAMS — In the City and County Hoapitat,
[ August 5. 1904. Elenor Williams, a aatlvt
of Ohlc. axed 22 yearsTOPEKA, Kan., Aug. 5.— Th e Chi
cago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad
is eaid to be behind a scheme to build
a north and south line of railroad
through the wheat belt of Kansas,
connecting in the north with the
through line to Denver and the North
west" and on the south at Enid lor the
Gulf of Mexico points. -
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
Railroad Said to Be Behind
Scheme.
JJSK THROUGH IvAXSAS
WHEAT BELT IX PROSPECT
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug 5 — Stmr Santa Bar
bara, for Olympia and San Francisco. -
BELLINQHAM — Sailed Aug . 6— 6tmr
Rainier for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Sailed Aur 6— Br • »tmr Stentor,
for : Br stmr Princess Victoria for .
Arrived Aug 5 — Br stmr Queen City, from.
Vancouver.-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Lu
canla, from New York. -Aug 6— Stmr Arabic,
from New York, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 5— Stmr Baltic,
from Liverpool; etmr Campania, from - Liver
pool. - ' ': ¦ .
Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Celtic, for Liverpool.
DOVER — Sailed Aug . 6 — Stmr Hamburg, for
New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Moltke,
from New York, for Cherbourg and Hamburg.
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug 6 — Stmr Montreal,
for Montreal.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 6— Btmr Oeorglc,
from New York. -, , . . . - . >
. Sailed Aug 5— Stmr Cedric. for 'New .York,'
via Queenstown; stmr Parisian, for Montreal,
via Movllle.
Havre— Arrived Auj; 6— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New York, •••.-. . - _
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCBLLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6e. — 99 |SF ft NP 5a. - 110V4
B L Wat 6s. — 117 S P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5*.. — 112tf|S P Co *H*.100?4 —
M O Wat 6s. 100 — Sun Tel 6s... — 104
Rla I Wks 5s — 106 Sutter-st R38.105 113
; SB" Drdk 6s — 113% UR of SF 4s. 84U 84H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 Co../— 30 Nev Nat Bk.195 —
Cal Cot Mill 80 — N S R It Co. 0J4 —
Cal G&ECor. 48 — RJ Cai P Co. 9 —
C Jockey C1.110 120 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Powder.. — 150 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cal T I & T.115 — Orpheum Co.. — 15H
Cen Bk. Oak — 66 PacC Cas Co. ISO —
Chutes 1 Co . . — 7 Pao S Tel Co. -r- 103
City A C Bk — 120 Pao Bur Co. 103 — ¦
Cyp L. Imp.. — 7 Paraf Paint.. 83 — |
Eaat Dynm..23O — S F Drydock. 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — 85 SF4SJ Coal. — 25
Do com . . — 60 8 J Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO A MTVbt.125 — j
Fischer Thtr 60o 70c Swlss-A Bk. .115 —
Frnch-A Bk.106 110 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. 20 24 UR InC pfd. 49 49#
Lonft; SF Bk — 00 Do com ... 11 —
Mat Nav Co. — 90
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Fischer- Redmans Theater Oo. 651
10 Padfie States Tel & Tel Co... 102 00
J10.000 United R R of B F 4 per cent. 84 25
Street —
60 Pacific States Tel A Tel Co... 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Beard —
100 Fischer- Rebmann Theater Co. 66
100 United R R Inv Co pfd 49 00
$30,000 United R R of 6 F 4 per cent. 84 23
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stook — Bid. Asked.
Apollo 46
Associated Trust Cert 19 20
California Standard 15
Caribou 8 05 4 60
Claremont 85 ....
Home 1 SO
Imperial 18 00
Independence 28 ....
Kern 4 60 6 00
Kern River 12 00 ....
Monarch of Arizona 81
Monte Cristo 63 69
Occidental of W Va 06
OH City Petroleum 68 68
Reed Crude 1 60
S F and McKlttrlck 8 00
Sovereign 41
Sterling 2 65
Buperior 07 ....
Thirty-three 8 25 •
Twenty-eight 8 60 9 00
West Shore 2 10 2 50
Monarch (pool) 23
Wabash 50
Associated bonds 75 00
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater .... 75
SALES.
Jlornlne Session.
Board —
800 Independence 2S
1000 Oil City Petroleum 57
Afternoon Session.
Board —
800 Independence .'. 28
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Con Cal & V.I 151 800 Ophlr 2 83
200 Gould & Cur. Ill
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar 13 100 Ophir 2 83
100 Mexican 80 400 Silver Hill.... 64
100 Mexican 81 100 Utah 09
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE!.
Following were the sales on the Paolflo
Etock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Overman 111 400 Yellow Jacket. 18
Afternoon Seaslon.
200 Challenge ... 19 100 Mexican ...... 81
200 Crown Point.. 11 600 Mexican 80
600 Gould & Cur. 11 100 Savage 22
200 Julia .... 06
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
clrco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
8000 Goldfield Ton. 11 1900 N Y Ton .... 03
1500 MacNamara . 37 3100 Red Top 15
400 MacNamara . 38 1000 Rescue n
100 MacNamara . 39 1500 Ton Belmont.. ' 70
2060 MacNamara . 40J. 500 Ton Midway.. 60
150 MacNamara- . 41| 018 Ton Midway.. 49
13,000 N Y Ton.. 04f
Afternoon Session.
1000 Goldfield B&B 1811000 Ton & Gt W, 05
1000 MacNamara . 411 100 Ton Midway.. 49
4100 MacNamara . 421 1000 Ton Midway.. CO
300 Mont Ton.. 2 42»/M 150 Ton of Nev. 8 25
1000 Red Top .... 15| 60 Ton of Nev. 8 12ft
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Aug 6—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha OS lOUustlce 10 12
Alta 05 07| Kentuck ...... 01 02
Andes 17 19|K. Graessler. — 1 -;o
Belcher ..... 15 1C Lady Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch. 00 t:8 Mexican 80 81
Bullion 20 22 Occidental 81. 85
Caledonia.... 3« 39 Ophir 2 SO 2 . - 15
Challenge ... 18 20 Overman ..... 10 11
Chollar ...... 13 14 Potosl 14 16
Confidence ... CO 70 Scorpion ...... OS 10
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 20lSavape ....... 22 ' 23
Con Imperial. — OllSeg Belcher... 03 04
Con N Y .... 02 03| Sierra Nev 20 2:\
Crown Point.. 10 12 Silver Hill. ..*. 54 55
E Sierra Nev. 03 Cfi St. Louis .... 07 10 i
Eureka 1 * Con.. — CO Syndicate .... — . '. 05 !
Exchequer ... 49 63 Union Con.... 22 2.1
Gould & Cur. : 10 ll|Utah ...; 09 10
Hale & Norc. CB 68| Yellow Jacket: 17 19
Julia .... 05 03|
TONOPAH MINES., '
Bid. Ask. ". Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 05 Ray Extension — 08
Columbia .... — 28 Ray & O'Brien 09 —
Esperanza ... 02 03 Ray Tonopah. ; — 10
Gold Anchor. 24 \ 271 Red Top .:... 14 15
Goldfield B&B 15 — Rescue 10 11
Goldfield Nev 90 — Ton Belmont. . 68 < —
Gold Mt Con. — . 03 Ton & Cal .... — 21
Jim Butler .. — 75 Ton Extension ft!) —
Little Ton . . — fiOJTon Fraction.. 25 —
Lucky -Tom.. — OBiToit'&'Gt W. 05 —
MacNamara . 41 42| Ton Gold Mt. 19 20
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Aug. 5.— At
the meeting: of the anthracite board of
conciliation to-day the operators pre
sented a plan for the eettlement of the
check weighman and check docking
boss questions. The operators ask that
the entire controversy be submitted to
Judge Gray, chairman of the Anthra
cite Coal Strike Commission, his de
cision to be. final and binding. The
miners asked for time to consider the
.proposal and action was deferred un
til the next meeting of the board,
ivhich will be held on August 12.
Operators Ask Miners to Let Judge
Settle Their Dispute.
WANT GRAY TO DECIDE.
HEALDSBURG. Aug. 6.— Last even-
Ing the Healdsburg Promotion Com
mittee met to effect a permanent or
ganization. The following permanent
officers were elected: President, A. J.
Mathews; vice president, Frank B.
Hazen; treasurer, J. A. Kruse; secre
tary, Hube Baer.
Hraldsbnrg Promotion Committee.
ST. PAUL.. Aug. 6.— Crowded trains
marked the first day of low rates to
Grand Forks. N. D., and the Fort Tot
ten reservation points and several
hundred men who have not utilized
their homestead rights left durine the
forenoon for North Dakota to try for
eome of the rich land the Government
is offering. It is estimated that fully
15,000 of those who were unsuccessful
applicants for Rosebud lands will try
for the new reserve farms.
Hundreds Take Advantage of Low
Railroad Rates and Start for
Xorth Dakota.
FORT TOTTEX RESERVATION
MECCA OF VVXDSEEKERS
General Funston was ordered origin
ally to the command of the Department
of the East and General Fred Grant to
the command of the Department of
the Lakes at Chicago. The revised or
der is that General Grant shall be in
command of the Department of the
East, with headquarters at Governors
Island. N. Y.. and General Funston is
f hlfted to the Department of the Lakes
at Chicago.
The military reason assigned for the
change is that the Department of the
East is amore important post and that
General Grant, as Funston's senior,
should take precedence.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— The "War
Department orders issued on July 11,
"for the good of the service." were an
nulled to-day after the return of Sec
retary of War Taft and a consultation
between him and the President.
Grant Is Given Charge of the Army
Headquarters at Governors
Island.
FUXSTON* TO COMMAND
DEPARTMENT OP IiAKES
Ha we. I>. Frische. G. Wilkens, C. Bartels. H.
FuelFcher. G. Holzlander.
Wheel of fortune — E. I.a kn-.ar.n (chairman).
F. B. Connolly. J. M. Sullivan.
Games — John P. McGuire (chairman). J. T.
Hurley. G. H. Howard. P. A. Buckley. O.
Bartels, J. 'William Off<>nr.ana f T. P. Dowd,
"Walter Hewitt. J. D. Ward. •
Ladi??' fuesslr.g contest — William Ring
? chairman), Frank Snell. H. Wreden. W. E.
Harvey J. B<rend§fn J W. King' J H
X*!!y. J. C. Owens. H. B. Dibble.
Reception committee — T. H. Corcoran (chalr
xr.En). H. Methniann, J. P. ilcGulre.
Prizes — Frank B. Connolly (chairman), H.
XTredea. E. Lackmann.
I'res* — J. Salomon (chairman), J. f Mc-
Culre. William Rine.
Ccbnetzen Park Will Be Scene of
31 erry* Times on Wednesday
Next.
The members of the local organiza
tion of retail grocers will hold their
annual picnic at Schuetzen Park on
"Wednesday, August 10. Arrangements
have been made for numerous special
runs of boats, bo that those attending
the outing may go and return at al
most any part of the day. President
J. Salomon and the director* have
planned a programme of varied sports
and those who enter the games will
do so knowing that valuable prizes are
to be the result of victory. The com
mittees having; charge of the picnic
arrangements are as follows:
Floor committee — J. M. Sullivan (floor man
¦Str.i. W. Borllni (assistant floor manager), A.
"W. Reunie. J. V. O'Connor, N. Marlsch F.
Griffing. Edward Broderick. H. T. Frahm." Ed
ward Fitzpatrick, W. H. Hoop*r, William
Ow ens. R. Dolar.. . • ¦
t'hoot!n*r gallery — G«orp» B. Doyle (chair
man!. Fr»<5 Cosgrove. G»org» A. Goldsr, J.
W. Offem-.ann. Fred W. Meyer.
JJ<?ir.berF' an<!\ Jerks' drawing — r>. F. Keefe
fhalrmant. Emmet Dunn. J. P. Kennedy,
Hfrry Mahoney. Benjamin Fredericks.
Bowling alley— H. Methmann (chairman), H.
GROCERS ARRANGE DAY
FOR ANNUAIi PICNIC
Mizpah'Exten 20 — Ton Midway.. 49 60
Mont Ton.. 2 42H 2 45 Ton of Nev..8 00 8 25
N Y Ton 03 — Ton N Star ..* 31
Paymaster .. 03 — Ton & S Lake. 60 —
Pine Grove .. 60 —United Ton .. — 10
Qulncy ...... 11 —j West End ... 19 —
City and County of Ban Francisco to George
d» Urioste, lot on SB cornar of Fell and
Franklin streets, E 82:6 by S 120; $ .
Same to Joseph M. MacDonough, lot on N
line of Oak street, 82:8 W of Van Ness ave
nue, "W 27 by N 120; $ .
Same to Edward H. Klttredge, lot on N line
of Washington street. 202:6 W of Gough, W S3
by N 127:8%; $ .
Same to Elizabeth Btrother, lot on NB cor
ner of O'Farrell and Laguna •treats, E 81:4
by N 70; f .
Same to Goewey Estate Company, lot oa
NW comer of Oak and Laguna streets N 120
by W 137:6; $ J
. Same to Sarah T. Hllson. lot on N line of
Ellis street, 200 W of Laguna, W 25 by N
120; $ .
Same to John H. Dooly, lot on W lint of La
guna street, 80 N of Lombard, N 30 by W llOj
Michael Kelly to Michael Gatto. lot on N
line of Filbert street, 162:6 W of Buchanan. W
27:6 by N 120; $10.
City and County "of San Franclseo to Cfcarles
A. Slack, lot on N line of Pine street. 156:3
W of Buchanan W 25 by N 137 :«; $ »
Same tp W. "W. Bernhelm, lot on SW corner
«f Bush and Buchanan streets, W 18:9 by 8
6S:0; $ .
Same to E. B. Burr, lot on B line of Fillmora
street, 24 N of Hermann, N 24 by B 81:3;
Same to Charles G. Mlnifie. let on S line, of
Washington street, 68:9 W of Webster. W 25:3
by S 127:8V4: $ .
Same to Isldor Baron, lot oo S line of Wash
ington street, W W of Webster, W £6 by 8
127 :8K: $ .
Same to Abraham and Eva Levy lot on W
line of Fillmore street, 103 N of Sacramento.
X 25 by W 90; $ .
Same to Michael and Ellen Downey, lot on
N line of Oak street, 127:8 W of Fillmore, W
25 by N 137:6; $ .
Same to Morris "U'indt, lot on S line of Ellis
street, CO E of Scott. E 60 by S 75; $
Same to Nellie Champlin, lot on N line ef
Pine street. 100 E of Devlsadero, E 87:6 by N
137:6; $ : m
Frank B. or F. B. and Nora L. Pritchard to
Amelia Ford., lot on W line of Lyon street. 150
N of Golden Gate avenue, N 25 by W 112:6;
$10.
Georg© Stierlen Company (corporation) to
Christine Parsons, lot on W line ©f Masonlo
avenue, 218:0 N of Frederick street, N 23 by
W 106:3; JSS50.
Gertrude E. Stephens to Charles Patton. lot
on E line of Ashbury street. 60 6 of Page,
S 25 by E 00; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to J. P.
D. Curtis, lot on SW line of Ninth street, 223
NW of Howard, NW 60 by SW 113:4; $— — .
Same to Charles H. and Annie Goldstein,
lot on E line of Shotwell street. 235 JJ of
Fifteenth. N 25 by E 122:6; excepting portion
in Los Camaritas; $ ..
Loleta Winchester and Lonlse and Lodnda
GraflTelman to William H. Wolf, lot on S line
of Fourteenth street, 160 E of Folsom. B 23
by S 100; $10.
Peter and Mary A. Crichton to John J.
O'Toole. lot on E line of Valencia street. 160
8 of Nineteenth. S 60 by E 160; $10.
Alfred P. and Man* C. Hampton to Catherine
F. Kelly {wife of Michael H.), lot on W lino
of Guerrero street, 90 S of Eighteenth S 35
by W 100; $10.
Agathe L. Vlllegla to Charles H. and Mamto
J. Gordon, lot on W line of Walter street,
1S$ N of Fourteenth. N 25 by W 88; $10.
Herman W. and Helene M. Thyarks to
Fabian Joost Company, lot on NE corner of
Twenty-sixth and Mission streets. N 65 by
E 115; also lot on SW corner of Potrero and
Eighteenth streets. W 100 by S 100; $10
¦ Hattie Peyser (Goldner) wife of C. to Emtle
C. and Marie Quenel. lot on E line of Fair
Oaks street, 200 S of Twenty-fifth. S 20 by
E 125; $10.
1 Henry and Emma Leech to Dora von Anc
lot on S line of Twenty-ninth street. 105 K
of Sanchez. E 25 by S 114; $10.
Dora von Arx to Joseph von Arx. Eda and
Henry Hochbrunn, undivided •« of same* $10
Julia Epstein to Edward E. Manseau, lot
on W line of Sanchez street. 89 8 of Duncan.
S 25 by W 100; $10.
Edward B. Hindes to Dorothy V. Hlndea,
lot on S line of Filbert street. 160:5 W of
Leavenworth, W 45:10 by 8 127:6- gift
Thomas Walsh to Bridget Walsh, lot on NE
line of First street. 275 SE of Folsom. SEJ
22:6 by E 08:6; Rift
Charles and Annie Dillon to John and Au
gusta Muller, lot on NW lln» of Silver street,
155 NE of Fourth, NW 80 by NB 20; $10 '
Michael Hurley to Mary Hurley, lot "on SW
line of Fourth street. 80 SE of Howard SB
25 by SW 75; gift.
City and County of San Francisoo to R. H.
Warfleld. lot on E line of Bryant avenue
63:0 N of Eighteenth street. N 63:9 by B
William A. and Grace G. Lang» to George
D. Dornin. lot on B line of Sixth avenue, 601
N of Lake etreet, N S3 by E 120; $10
John C. Brickell to Carrie C. Martin, lot on
E line of Twenty-seventh avenue 150 N of
Lake atreet. N 23 by E 120; $10."
Mary J. Tolnton to Charles H. Tolnton, lot
on N line of California street, 82:8 W of
Twelfth avenue. W 25 by N 100; also lot on
E line of Eleventh avenue. 125 N of Clement
street, N 25 by E 120; gift, i i; , -;
Ban Francisco Land Company (corporation)
to Gustav and Emllie Gerloft. lot on B line
of Fifteenth avenue, 100 S of Laka street. S
25 by E 127:6; $10.
Mary J. Tointon to Emma Moore (wife of
Charles F.). lot on E line of Eleventh avenue,
100 N of Clement street. N 25 by E 120; gift.
Same to Ada Lloyd (wife of Morgan H.).
lot on :N- line of Clement street, 107:6 E of
Fourth avenue, E 25 by N 100: also lot on E
line of Eleventh avenue, 75 N of Clement
street. N 25 by E 120; gift. : "
John or John W. and Meta Burgoyne to
William Proud, lot on W line of Eleventh
avenue, 175 N of A street. N 25 by W 120: $10.
Solomon and Dora Gets to Mary and Emma
F. Elliot, lot on S line of H street. 32:6 E
or Forty-eighth avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Albert Meyer to Emma Winter, lot on SW
corner of H street and Eighteenth avenue, S
100 by W 82:0; $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to George
C. Wright, lot on N line of Wayland street.
107 W of Glrard. W 26 by N 100, lot 5 block
11 University Mound: $10 .
Martin and Nellie B. HIckey to Lovell and
Laura L. White. lots N 2. 4, 6 and 8, block E,
Silver Terrace, quitclaim deed;' $10.
Julius C. Reis to Franklin J. Dearborn," lots
9 and 10. block 42. Rels Tract; grant.
Gustav J. Frickmann to Marie Friekmann,
lot on.W line of Ashbury street, 169:6 N of
Seventeenth, 'N- 87:6- by 'W 00 lots 7 and 8,
block 1, .Park Lane Tract 7; gift.
Richard G. and Charlotte L. Manifold to
Charles -W Hlggins. lot on E line of Harold
avenue 100 N of Bruce avenue, N 25 by E
100. lot 22 block C; Lakeview; $10.
S. pucas Company (corporation* to Kath
erlne Knapp lot on W line • of Railroad
avenue, 251:8 S of Thornton street, S 25:2. W
110. N 25, E 110, lot 15, block E. Silver Ter
race: $.10.
Builders' Contracts.
A. B. Knox (owner) with Ludwig B. G. Koe
nlg (contractor), architect August Nordin — All
work except painting, mantels, shades and gas
fixtures for a three-story frame building on E
Jtne of Valencia street, 135 N of Twentieth. N
25 by E 80; $7240.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 5.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Afternoon Session..
Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Association... 126 00
t5 Paauhau S P Co 13 25
60 6 F Gas & Electric 61 00
20 S F Gas & Electrio 60 87'^
.-60 S F Gas & Electric, b li,.... 61 00
20 8 F Gas & Electrio, b 15.... 61 00
65 S F Gas & Electric b 10 61 00
$1,000 N P C R R 5 per cent 105 00
$1,000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent. lid 60
Street —
$6,000 Loa Angeles Ity B p«r cent.... 115 25
BALES
Morning Session.
Board— ' . s ¦'-
15 Pacific Coast Borax l»f 00
10 Spring Valley Water Co 30 87&
100 Spring Valley Water Co 36 75
$1,000 Cal Gas & E G M & C T 5s. . 81 75
$1:000 Cal Gas & E G M & C T 6s. . 84 62!4
$3,000 Cal Gas & E G M & C T 5s. . 81 50
$1,000 S F & s J V 5 per cent 117 CO
$4,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge).. 99 00
Street — ¦-. ¦¦>¦ ¦' •¦
$25,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5» 100 00
¦WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— rThe Post
office Department Issued an order di
recting that all railway postal clerka
shall give a $1000 bond to the United
States "for the faithful discharge of
all duties and trusts imposed upon
them by law and the rules and regu
lations of the department. Each
clerk shall pay the premium charge
able to himself. Bonds will be filed
with the second assistant postmaster
general." This order affects approxi
mately 10,000 employes.
Department Issues an Order Requir
ing Guarantee for Faithful Per
formance of Duty.
RAILWAY 1 " POSTAL CLERKS
MUST FURNISH A BOND
After the commission of his crime
Fisher concealed himself In the loft of
a stable in the rear of the house.
Racked by remorse, he tuVned the pis
tol on himself. The shot not proving
fatal, he left his hiding place and sur
rendered to the polioe.
Before he became unconscious Fisher
said Sheaser had broken up his home
and this was the cause of the crime.
*2Co credence is given this explanation.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 5.— Joseph
Efce&ser and his wife. Elizabeth, who
•were married about & month ago, were
ehot and killed by Harry Fisher, aged
JO rears, the womaxrts brother. In their
home early to-day. Fisher also shot
kimself. succuaabing't to the wound to
night.
The motive for the crime is said to
have been robbery. Mr. and Mrs.
Sheaser had $1000 in the house with
•which they had Intended to purchase a
home. The money was stolen. Fisher
admitted his guilt.
Slayer Believed to Have
Taken lives in Order to
Obtain Savings of Couple
The Grass Valley Union furnishes
some information that may be inter
esting to the stockholders in "the
Niagara mine, situated in the Rough
and Ready district in Nevada County.
This mine was formerly exploited by
Letson Balliet. The Union says:
Inquiries have been received here lately ask
ing as to the condition of the Niagara mine in
Rough and Ready district. The inquiries are
mainly from Iowa, by perrons who are stock
holders In the Niagara Mining Company. They
want to know whether the mine is running
and when It will pay dividends. Several of
the inquirers state they are poor people who
invested their savings, of years In the stock
on the strength of representations made by
Letson Balliet, who promoted the mine. A
gentleman who visited . the mine ' a few days
ago In order to Intelligently answer an inquiry
from the East says that the Niagara mine and
mil! are both idle, and have not been running
since last January or February. There is a
watchman at the mine, and the Cornish pumn
Is kept going to keep it drained. The owners
of the property are, or at least were until very
recently. It is saM, In San Francisco, confer
ring with the company, which latter, it is un
derstood, is endeavoring to make a deal where.
by the Niagara Mining Company will acquire
full title.
Incidentally It U noted that * Sao Fj*ncl»c»
The new mill of the Central mine
in Nevada County has been started.
It is a forty-stamp mill. Twenty
stamps are dropping. The capacity of
the mill Is to handle 120 tons of ore
every twenty-four hours.
CONCERNS THE NIAGARA.
A discovery of supposed importance
is the finding of an old river channel
about one mile from Weaverville,
Trinity County. The Red Mountain
Mining Company has been operating in
that vicinity. The Redding Search
light gives an account of the discovery
In part as follows:
Numerous shafts and tunnels penetrate the
mountain side. Some of them came near hit
tins; the mark, but when the more effective
hyaraulic process was applied a few bedrock
cuts up tha mountain side exposed the channel.
It emerges from the mountain side at a slight
angle with tha axis of the mountain, and,
after losing the protection of Its mountain
cover, has been broken down and eroded
away. A number of the old-time attempts to
find It were made above and along this broken
down portion under the erroneous assumption
that it was still under the mountain.
Its bottom has been cleared for a dis
tance of 100 feet, and under the Influence of
the overflow stream its contents throughout
the next 400 feet have broken down, exposing
the clean face of Its outer rim. This caving
down extends across the channel for a. dis
tance of 200 feet, and its Inner rim has not
yet appeared, except at the point of discov
ery.
From the discoveries now made the following
facts are established: The grade is gentle
and the flow in a southerly direction. The
width of the channel from rim to rim is about
800 feet. The highest part of the rim yet dis
covered is more than 100 feet vertically above
the bottom. Its outer rim haa been definitely
located for a distance of 15C0 feet intact, and
the trend of the stratification lines indicates a
tctal distance of half a mile of Intact channel.
Through a portion of this distance it is capped
by a mountain of gravel 300 feet high. The
gravel that has thus far been piped from" the
channel has yielded some heavy gold. The
channel bottom is elevated aproximately COO
feet above the present Trinity River channel.
T. L. Smith of Sutter County, who
lives ten miles east of Yuba City, has
bonded a ranch of 320 acres to James
O'Brien Jr. of Sutter County, to be
prospected for gold. The Sacramento
Bee says:
The Brat intimation Smith had that the
precious yellow metal existed down deep in
hi* soil was several weeks ago, when he was
boring two wells on the place. Me was sink
ing the wells about fifty feet apart, and when
his men had gone about twenty-five feet below
the surface they brought up black sand show
ing traces of gold. This rather excited Smith,
and, to nuke sure that his eyes did not de
ceive him, be took the samples of sand To a
local mining man. who agreed with him that
It wan gold-bearing sand such as is usually
fcund in old river channels. In a few days a
proposition to bond his land was made by
O'Brien. He asked for sixty days' time in
which to make the test, and expects to put
drills to work on the land within tha next
week or so. ¦ ¦ ¦• ¦''--¦
i: truth Is confident that at some time the
Feather Rlvtr had a well-denned channel
through the part of the country where it is
now believed the gold exists. It is also the
opinion or many that the Feath«r at one time
flowed through what is now the Tuba City
Elough. Should O'Brien's investigations prove
that tin»re is gold In paying quantities under
the land he has bonded, Sutter County may ex
perience a boom in cold mining — an industry
no one ever imagined would ever develop in
this low, level country.
the same property at an advance.
Large figures are mentioned' as the
price on the resale, ranging from
$250,000 to J325.000. The Mammoth
mine ts two and one-half miles south
west of Kennett, in the Backbone min
ing district, about fifteen miles from
Redding. It embraces a group of
claims including something like 9°°
acres. A large amount of ore has
been blocked out. A mile of tunnels
has been run and $40,000, according to
reports, has been expended in develop
ment work. It is locally supposed
that a smelter will be erected on the
property soon.
In Nevada County a deal has been
made by which Henry Huckins, Shelby
H. Huckins, Robert F. Huckins and
Alfred Scrivens take the Round Moun
tain and Round Mountain Extension
Quartz mines under bond. The prop
erties are situated on the Lower
Bloomfleld road, above Rock Creek,
not far from Nevada City. The sell
ers are James Landers and Henry
Goering.
Of more general interest is the leas-
Ing of the somewhat famous tin mines
at Temescal, in Southern California.
The mines are to be operated again.
The Redlands Review says of the
Temescal proposition:
George I, Leonard of Corona, a mining and
electrical engineer, is in charso of reopening
the famous tin mines at Tcmeacal, the big
property that a dozen or so years ago made
and lost so much money. Mr. Leonard says
that be and his associates already have a email
plant at work on the property, having secured
a twenty-year l*ase from the EngliBh owners
of all the mining Interests connected with the
property and an option to purchase the claims
as well. The present force of men and tho
present plant are engaged in working over the
tailings which the former owners discarded,
and Mr. Leonard says they are getting a nice
profit out of the tailings, which are rich in
tin, the methods of the former manage
ment not having been such as to ex
tract nearly ail the valuabi« mineral from the
concentrates. None of the concentrates have
yet been smelted, as the smelter put in by the
former owners will be utilized, and it is so
large as to require a big run in order to make,
lti use economical. Accordingly no smelting
will be done until a large amount of concen
trates has been accumulated. A force of seven
men is uon' employed and tha management
hopes to Increase this number soon, when a
crushing plant shall have b?en installed, and
ore. not tailings, shall be handled. But the
6000 tons of tailings, now on the dump offers
a jrreat deal cf profitable work for the present
and nets a good return.
SUTTEIt COUNTY PROSPECT.
Deals In mining property of some
size are Interesting the mining men
fn various parts of California. The
largest involves the transfer of the
Mammoth mine in Shasta County, a
copper property, that Is reported by
the Redding papers to have been pur
chased under a bond of $140,000 by
R. M. Saelzer, Anton Jaegel and Jo
seph Kahny by Fred G. King and
John Filllus of Denver. The pur
chasers are reported to have resold
A special correspondent of the Seat*
tie Times writes from Nome as fol
lows:
Mine owners are now facing the shortest
season in the history of the camp. Besides a
noticeable shortage in water for sluicing pur
poses the ground is frozen to n great depth.
Mining has practically been at a standstill
since, the first boats arrived. In the last two
weeks work has picked up on several of the
creek* in the vicinity of Nome, and should
there be a late spring the gold output may
equal the record of 1903. Operators at Nome
are now looking forward to heavy rains. In
the winter months the snowfall was unusually
light. The ground was left .without protection,
and In some places it has frozen to a depth
of sixty feet. Building in the town of Nome
has been out of the question and lc« has been
encountered at a depth of two feet under
ground. Before the first boats reached Nome
thii season the operators were confident of
an early season. In fact, indications pointed
that way. The light snowfall has l«ft the
ditches without the customary supply of water
and there is no snow In the mountains to
melt should there be heavy and warm- rains.
In the early part of the present month there
were four days of rain, but the fall will not
be of much benefit to the miners unless the
rains continue for some weeks. A visit to
the various creeks reached by the Nome and
Arctio Railroad immediately conrlnces most
any one that work is not being .'prosecuted.
Operators have machinery on the ground and
labcrers are waiting to go to work, but it
1b a question if the ground will break up in
time tr warrant the operators spending their
Urn? and money sluicing the gravel.
It Is when bedrock is reached that the
dredger proves its greatest effectiveness, for
It is in the crevices of the bedrock that pock
ets of gold are most likely to be found. The
rubmarlne diver, with his hose with water
under 100-pound pressure, turns on the Jet
that Bweepa every particle of gold toward the
mouth of the rock pump column. The radius
of its effectiveness is 2% feet.
The dredge is easily shifted to new ground
when desired. The company has three miles
of river bed and its richness is beyond ques
tion. Middle Creek produced millions in early
days for the placer miner. The gold that the
creek carried into the Sacramento has never
been touched before.
The shaft is lowered, literally, as work pro
gresses until bedrock is reached. At Middle
Creek the bedrock Is 23 feet below the river
bed. which is a like number of feet below the
surface of the water.
Suppose operations are about to commene*.
The steel shaft is extended down through the
water to the gravel on the river bed. The rock
pump is started hoisting the gravel on the
boat, where it Is run over sluices, as In all
placer mining. The pump handles a cublo
yard of gravel a minute and enough water to
wash It. Rocks up to a diameter of 9% Inches
are pumped up as readily as a pebble. The
largest rock pumped was 9% Inches In diame
ter and 17*4 inches long, weighing 58 pounds.
The submarine divers work in the shaft or
outside, at pleasure, and may remain under
the surface half a day at a tlmo if necessary.
When boulders too large for the pump are
encountered they are hoisted in the manner
previously described — if up the shaft, the diver
rteps out through the door at the river bot
tom for safety, in case the boulder should
break lcose from its lashings; If on the out
aide of the phaft. the course of the diver Is
reversed.
Down this shaft passes the 10-Inch column
of a rock pump and also & 2-lnch rubber hose,
through which water may be forced at 100
pound pressure. This water Jet is made to
clean out cracks and crevices In the bedrock.
Boulders that are too large for the pump to
handle are at present hoisted to the surface
in buckets or by ropes, the submarine dlvera
at the bottom doing the loading. This labor
will be obviated when a section of the river
bed has been cleaned up. Then the bonlders
will be rolled back upon the section that ha*
been mined.
Something novel In the shape of a
gold dredger is now operating in the
Sacramento River at Middle Creek,
three miles above Redding. The Red
ding Searchlight Bays of the ap
paratus: ;»
This distinctive advantage Is that It cleans
up the gold from the cracks and crevices In
the bedrock under any depth of water as per
fectly as a housewlfa can brush up dirt from
cracks in the floor. In Its operation submarine
divers can work on the river bottom. watch-
Ing the work going on and seeing that every
pocket of gold is conveyed to the surface. No
scoops or shovels are used. All hoisting is
done with & rock pump. The boat Is 65 feet
long and 24 feet wide and draws two feet of
water. Through tht bottom of the boat Is
sunk a steel shaft. In sections, to any depth
required. This working shaft is, roughly S^
feet by 11% feet, a cross eection being boat
shaped, the prow pointing up stream to break
the force of the current. The two bottom Mo
tions arc cyllndrisal. the one that rests on
the river bed being provided with a water
tight door for the Ingress and egress of the
diver.
According: to the Yreka Journal
considerable is going on among the
mines of Siskiyou County. A strike
of good prospects has been made
about fifteen miles from Nolton and
the claim has been bonded to Mr.
Staple of Ashland for $125,000. The
Journal continues:
The great Blue Ledge copper mine In Elliott
Creek district is fifteen miles from Nolton,
Klamath County, from which point a wagon
road could no doubt be built as easily as to
build down into The Elliott Creek
mines are ell on this side of the divide at the
Oregon boundary, and are destined to 'prove
the busiest mining camp in Siskiyou when that
section is thoroughly developed and opened
with trade avenues. Mining is carried on suc
cessfully day and night in the Minetta B and
Williams Point claims near Happy Camp. O.
G. M. & W. P. Company (Van Brunt mine),
Happy Camp district, has about closed a suc
cessful season. When the mine closes for sum
mer extensive Improvements are to be made.
The Pacific States Mining Company, two miles
from Nolton, will during August finish the
flume which is to convey bank water to their
new diggings, and have started work on the
upper Hume to furnish water. Mining is prose
cuted very successfully in the Classic Hill
mine at Happy Camp, worked by Captain
Mulllns representing a Los Angeles company,
with John Wood superintendent of mining oper
atlona The Mount Vernon group of quarts
ledges at the summit of the divide between
Greenhorn and Cherry creeks, about a couple
<-f hundred yards east of the stage road, is
now worked with a good force and the prospects
are very encouraging. The company has built
a piece of roai around the hill to tha mines
and has had a survey made toward securing
a patent, with the intention of putting up a
mill on further development.
XOVETj GOLD DREDGING.
publication which formerly "boosted" Baillet
and the Niagara to the skies In its recent Is
sues does not recommend the Niagara Mining
Company, and the inconsistency of the publi
cation is remarked. Nothing definite can be
learned from local sources as to the present
condition and future intentions of the Niagara
Mining- Company, and the Inquiries from the
East have to be answered accordingly.
GEEED PE0MPTS CEDEE
Pennsylvania!! Shoots His
Sister and Her Husband
and Then Takes Own life
Search for Tin Ore to Be Resumed at Temescal.
Novel Method of Dredging for Gold Is Adopted.
Old River Channel Is Found Near Weaverville
I 1 *? g, T 6«.10e?4107 S P of A 6a
L, A Elee 6s. — _ (1909) 107 108
£• *?J •6"..115 _ (1910) lOStflOO
L, A L Co 6s — S P Of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — _ (1905)Sr A. 103 103#
- Do gtd 6s. — 103^4 (1905)Sr B.104 —
htf V™ 5 8101^ — U9W) .....105% —
Mkt-st C ea.113%114% (1912) 116 —
vr£°_ 8 - 115 — SPC 1 eg Gs.110 —
MV4 MtT5s.lOO _ tj o stampd.lC9 109^
NRR of C6a.lOB — S P B R 6s. 131 'A 133*4
Do 6s ....117%118% S V Wat 6S.1C6& —
JJ P C R 5s.lWfci05& Do 4s 2dm. 90 90tf
f* 8 R R 6s. — 101 Stkn G&Efis. 93 —
O O"H Bs.lOT 108 UO4E6!.- 1O2V4
O W gti 6s. — 100 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 40 I Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... _ 60 | Presidio 86% 37U
GA8 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. ZU, 3%|S F G & B. 60% 61U
Mutual E L. — 14 stkn G & E. — 7#
Pao L. Co... 66% C8 |U O 4 E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'i Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 130 [L P & A — 103
Anglo-Cal ..85 87 Mer Trust.... 220 —
Bank of Cal.420 — Jlerch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — _ J
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L..22S0 2350 Sav & L. So.. — 100
Hum 8 & L. __ _ S eo Sav Bk..S75 405
Mutual Sav. 100 105 Union T Co..— —
S F Bar U.600 650
. STREET RAILROADS. ''
California .. _ 200 I Presidio 83 43
Geary _ \ _ |
Giant 60% P 6™X ri t - 5
8UGAR. i
Hana P Co.. — 20c I Kllaufa S C — 4
Hawaiian C. 62% 53%lMakawell C. 23U 23%
Honokaa S C 11% 12%|Onomea 8 C. 24% —
Hutch SPC 8Vi 8%|Paauhau S C. 13% 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
A , 1 * i *» £ A..125 127 Oceanic S Co. — 4tf
£ a ! £. c A - — 100 Pac Aux FA. 4% —
C A'r» V ! ne A * ~ 88 Pao c Borx.157 —
MV& MtTm.100
MURDERS TWO,
KILLS HIMSELF
NEW OWNERS OF MINES PREPARE
TO DEVELOP PROPERTIES FULLY
LOS ANGELES, Aug. B. — As a r«
eult of the recent trip to Los Angeles
of Senator Clark and following: a con
ference in which representatives of
the Harriman interests were present,
the new Salt Lake Railroad to-night
had the greatest official shake-up that
it thus far has known.
When Clark left here he virtually
denied that any changes were contem
plated, but to-day the ax fell and
Chief Engineer Henry Hawgood. As
sistant Chief Engineer H. A. Olmstead
and James H. Cross, chief clerk of the
engineer department, were dismissed.
It is conceded that the Harriman in
fluences are behind the changes and
that they will dictate the successors to
the deposed officials.
Shake-Up in Salt Lake Railroad Re
sults in Dismissal of Engineer
, and Assistants.
CLARK SWINGS AX
AXD HEADS GO OFF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU,: SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1901.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
y^f~ff^\. Trsvlns leave »nd arn da*
fj<* rrr *><s\ t*»rrl»e(s>t
(Sfcg^d SAN FJXAXCISCO.
V 'Sr — j^f Jm\j F»o« JciT X3, 1304.
\Jq**~^lc\/ FssarT Dxror -
xC<V (Toot of Market Street )
t.wA*w - MAIN LINE. - akt^j-
7-OOa VaesTtiie. vriuters. Ur.msey.. 7 6U»
/JIOa BenlclA. Elra!r»snil Sacramento.. 7.2Q*
7 -30a Tallejo. Kapx CftMttogv Santa
Kom, Marline".. S»a Ramon S.73»
7 30a tf!!es,Tra«y. Lathrop. Stockton.... 7 20»
I-OOa SbntA Exprete— (Tls D»»!').
Willlain* (for Bartletc Sprtai;*).
Willows. tFrnto, Ke<l OluS,
PorUaad. Tacoma, Seattle 750*
8-COa D»t1». Woodland. KnUhts Lnadlns.
Sl»ry«vllle. Clilco. UrovUle 7-S0*
I-Ma Port Coeta, Martinez. Aatloch.
Byroo. Trser. Stockton, Sew-
Baa. Los Danes, Mendots.
Armona. Haaforl. V It alia,
Porterrllle 4.20*
U0a Port Costa, Modesto, llereed.
Tresoe, OonU^n Jaaetion, Haa-
ford, Visalla. DakersSeld . » i.. 4 50 •
¦ -JftA Nile*. Saa Joae. UTermore. 8...ot-
ton, (fMlllon). lose. Sacmmeoto.
MarysTtlle. Chlco. Red BlalT .... 4.29P
I-TOa OakLlale. Cbtnese. Jamestown, go-
Bora, Tao!nmn» and Asitel* 4-20?
0 00a AUantlcBzprese— OK<Ien!tadB**«. 5 20 s»
8 -30a Rlchinoo4, Martinez aad Way
Stations S.5Q*
10X)0AT4e Orerlnad Limited — Ozrten.
Omaba, ChlcaKo. Dearer, Kaniss
City. St. LonU 8 2C?»
10.00A V»!!ejo.. 1220j»
10-OCa Los Aaireles Tnutvger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
LaUirop. Stockton. Merced,
Kaymon.l. Fre«no. Oosbea Juqo-
t)oa. llao'ord. Lemoore, Vlsalta.
Baker»0el«K Los Anicele» 7.?0»
\t£Q*» Hayward. irtlfsand TTay Stations. 3 20»
11 4JCP Sacramento Rl»er Steamers tit.OO^
54CP Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. WltloOT. Knights
Lasdtnc MarrsTUle, OroyUle
and way ¦tatlons 10 5!J*
S-SOp Bayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7 50»
4 OOP Uarttnez.SnnlUmon.V.t!lejo,Napa,
CalU toga. 8*nt» Rosa BzOa
4 00p Vtlvm, Tracy. Stoekton. Lodi 4 .2Cs*
4-30PHaywaH. NHea. lrTln«toa. Baal t3.50a
Jese. LtTermore I 111.50*
i-COPTbe Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. M rnrtota. Fresno. Talare,
Bakertfleid. Los Angeles •• S.50a
ISXOp H»y w«rd. Ktlea »d.I ban Joae ..... 7.23a
S-OOp Hayward. Nlles and San Joeo. 9!>Ca
SXOp Kaatasa Express — Osdern. Oakaba.
Chtca«ro. Denrer. Kaa«as c:i».
6t.Loals, Tla Martinez. Stockton.
Baerssaento, Colfaz. Reao 12 P0»
(.OOP Tallelo, dally, except dasday I 7 -»_
7 OCp Vallejo, Sunday only f »••"*
7XOP Ulcntnood. aaa Pablo. Port Ceeu.
Martinet and Way Stations 11-20*
7-80PBesK> faaaeaeeT— fort C«sta. Sui-
ma, liimlr*. Darte. Sacramenta,
Troclcee, Lake Tahoe, Keno,
Tonopah. 8p«rks 7-SO*
¦ BSPPtrt Oocta, Marttaea. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. U e 4 e s 1 0.
Merced, Berenda, rresaa and
Way Stations beyoad Pert Coeta 12-29*
8-OSp Totetaite Valley, Tla liereada and
Wawona _ 8 50*
8 .06p Marlines, Traey. Stoekton 10.20a
8-06p Oregon * California Kzpresa — Sao-
rnmento, Marytvllle, Redding.
Fortland, Pnget Brand aad East. 8.50*
I.IOp Hayward, Nile* and 9aa Jose (Saa- •
day only) . 11.tfl%
COAST LINE (» arrow Usage).
(Foot of Market Strctt.)
7.45a Santa CrozExcarslontSanday only) 8 10p
8-16A Newark. Oeaterrllle. Sun Joae,
Felton, Boulder Creek. BlirBsaln.
Santa Cms and Way Stations . .. 5SS»
11.1 Sa Alrando. Kewsrk, San Jose, Lot
Oatos.GIeiwood, Felton, Bonider
Creek. Bts i'Mtn. Santa Craa.... 810»
t2-15p Newark, Ceaterrllie, San Joss,
New Almaden.Los Gatoa.7eltoa,
Boa!d?r Creelc, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 13.51a
4. IE* Newark. Saa Jose. Lui G«to« tS-65A
4.15P Wrigtat, Bon'der CTeek and Santa
' Crnt. Satarday and Sunday only. *8 55a
COAST LINE (Uroad Ganse).
OT" (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6- 10a San Joee and Way Stations S J1»
1700a San Joae aad Way Station* S-40f»
7.16a Monterey and Santa Crua Ezca^
slon (Saaday only) 13 30»
• 00a New Almad«n (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4-10J»
1 00a The Coaster— San Jote. 8*:taaa.
3as Ardo, Paso Rolilea. S&nta
MargarlU. 8an Lois (>b!spo.Santa
Barbara. Sao BuenaTPntnra.
MotuJto, OxnarO, Burbank. Los
Angeles 10-43*
t-COA QHroy. Ilolllnter. Caatrovllle. Del
Monte, Pacific Grore, Sarf. Lorn-
poc 10 45*
I.O0A *as Jose. Tree Plnoa.WatsonTtlli
Capltola. Sunta Cruz, Paelfle
Grove. Salinas. San I,u<s Ubispa
and Prtncipi' Way Stations. ... 413»
J0-3CU San Jose and Way Stations 1.2C»
11 JOa Santa Clara. San Jose. Loa Gatoa
and Way Station* 7.30*
UCw S«u Jose aad Way Stations 8 Ha
tS4D<>Del Monte Express (except San-
day) — Santa Clara, Eaa Join,
WatsonTllle. Santa, Crnz. Del -
Moate, Monterey, I'irinc Oroye. f I2-13»
l-20pBarllngaiae. S«a Jo**, Ollroy. IIol-
llster. Tree Plno^.Ps.'ir>. Wiuov
rille, Capttola, Santa Crtiz. Cas-
troTllla, Saltnas. Pacific Gro-re... 10.45*
4.30pPan Joae and Way Stations t8-00A
t& OOP Santa aara, San Jo*e. Lo* (iaUM.
Wright and principal Way 8t»-
tlonj (except Swwiay) TSOOa.
|M9»(itme and Principal Way Stations 18.40*
b 45p fcunset Express.— Redwood. Saa
Jos«. Gilroy.SallnAS, Paso Kobtes,
baa Luis Oblspo, Santa B.irhara.
Los Angeles, laming. Kl Psjo,
New Orleans. New York .. 710*
S45pPaJaro. WaUooTlIle. Capitols, 'l' ,-',„
Santa Cmz. CaatroTiye. Del ci]"- 5 ?'
Muate. Pactac Grore \ T10-45s>
1815P fcao W»teo.Bere«ford.Be!mont.Sia
Carlos. Itedwood. Fair Oaks.
Xlenlo Park. Palo Alte tB.43A
8-S0p 8aa Jose and Way Stations. 6 3Sa
8 COp Palo Alto aad Way Stations IiM&a
\\ .SQp SouUi San Franclseo, MQlbrae. Bnr-
jlagi-^e. Ban Mateo, Belmont.
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Memo Park, and Palo Alt* 9-45*
sTII-SOp Mayfleld. Mountain View. Sunny-
?ale, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
an Jose t9.i5»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. *"*
t EanJay excepted. J Saaday only
• Saturday only. h Monday ooiy.
.Ibioxie a: a'.: statloas e« itwi%x.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF13
BAILWAT COUPAVT.
TiDnron rerry. root ol Market Street.
SAW FKANCTSCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00. »:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 0:SO. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at l:S0 p. m.
STTNDAYS — 7:30, 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. ra.; 1:80,
2:30, 3:40, 5:10. 6:30. ll:S0 p. m.
SAW EAPAEt TO SAN rSANCTSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50, T:35. 7:30. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:00, t2:00. 3:10. 5:00. 3:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
STXDAYS— «:30. 7:33. 0:20 11:15 a. m.: 1:48
8:40. 4:50 5:00. 6:20. «:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept BaturdajSL
L«aTtt I In Effect [ Arrlfw
Ban Fran. ) May 1. 1904. | Baa Tna,
Week I Bun- I Destlna- 1 Sun- I Week
Days. J dayst. | tlon. | days ) Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a' 7:43 S>
7:30 a 8:00a 8:10a 5:40*
8:C0a 9:30 a Ignaclo 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10p 6:10p 6:20p 7:25p
• 7:25 p
8:43 p '
7:30a 7:30a 7:43a 7:43a
8:COa 8:0O a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a,
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:2ft p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Banta Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a' 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 *
8:00 a 8JD0a P\jlton. 7:23 p 6:20 p.
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:23 p
I Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs;. 10:20 a 10:20 %
Ljrtton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p 7:23 >
( Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 ail0:2rt »
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:23 pi 7:23 p
I I Willits. j j "
7:30 al 7:30 a| Sherwood. 1 7:25 pi 7:'-5 p>
8:00 a! 8:C0a| Guernevllle and 110:20 a p 10:20 »
2:30 p| 2:o0p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pi ti:-Op
8:00a S:0Oa 9:40 s( 8:40 a
5:10 p 8::i0a Sonoma. «:(*> pi 6:2f> p
I 5:10 r Olen Ellen. 8:43 pi
7:S0aj 7:30 al )10:'J0 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| _ Sebastopol. _ | 7:'-"3 p; B:20 p
"STAGES connect at 6anta~Ttosa for* Whit*
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Ftflton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytt^n for
Lytton Springs: at Oeraervtlle for Pkajsja
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. F.onne-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for D\inc<*.i
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyrlHe. Carls-
bad Sprinss, Soda Bay. Lakeport and BartJett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lak<?. Fomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley*s, Bucknell'*.
Sanhedrtn Heights, IIuUvtMe. Orr"s Hot
Springs. Halfway HoBae. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brasjc.
Westport. I'sal; at Willits Tor fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Cnrelo. Layton-
villc. Cummins, Bell'!« Springs. Harris. Olsena.
Dyer. Garberville, Pcpperwocd. Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*.
On Sundays — Round-trip ticxeta to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlce. 650 Market street. Chronicle
buildins.
JAS. L,. FRAZltin. It. X. TITAN.'
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paas. Agt.
WeeMy Gaf $1.00 w li
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ST/\TJE7V\EINT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF
Connecticut, en the 31it day of De-
cember. A. D. 1903. and for the year ending
on that day, made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the requirements of section 613 of the Political
Code or said State:
%h'" : - v ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate Owned
by the Company $11,231,610 60
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate.. 24.838.413 06
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral ..1 80.000 00
Premium notes and loans In any
rorm taken in payment of pre-
miums on poHeies now In force. 5TT.B21 21
* *****•*¦ v »lu» of all Stocks
snd Bonds owned by the com-
a|^L • oVciik-d^ned-ii 2O ' S39 - W373
•UanKS ana nno go
Interest due the Comoany 'and 'unl wa -»-° °*
paid ifi~PR.T^i
Interest accrued but not d"ue! '.'.'.'.'. 74o'243 70
N c«f m , OUn , t , °l » rem »«n» >n Pro! "
cess of collection, and of deferred
premiums ............. «« •--,/» A i
Rents due and accrued..::::::;.*:: 13.1«M
Totals Assets $84,032. 854 84
n LIABTLnTES. — —
Claims for 6eath losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and nn-
Claims for death* Voi'sei" and "mi- "* 3 ' S8 * ra
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due «q.j ... -y.
fl^xTm *•""*?* bX thC C °™P»ny'* 134:334 00
Liability on lapsed policies which
may be surrendered 139 857 00
Net oresent value of all the out- '
standing policies, computed ac-
cording; to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables ot Mortality, with 4
per cent Interest B7 913 313 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to '
policy holders % 532 02S 01
All other Liabilities 387.174 31
Total Liabilities $60.303.142 29
INCOME. ~
Caih received for premiums oa
new policies duriBtT the year.... $3S9,2T9 33
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums durine the year 4,922 167 07
Cash received for Interest 2,40c'll6 63
Cash received for rents S31940 23
Cash received from all other •«"¦«
« ource » 16.668 01
Total Inocroe jS.262.171 29
EXPENDITURES. ~
Cash cald tor loae«s and matured
endowments ; *a gag m< •<
Cash caid to annuitants 11 Sol 37
Cash paid for surrendered policies. 079*799 09
Cash paid for dividends to policy Ol "' (a8a9 i
holders .«.....•«•••••••••.. .... 1 839 811 44
Commissions paid to agents S99'220M
Salaries and other compensation of *"* *
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners.. 166.863 33
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 13 100 00
Medical examiners' fees and sal- "• "*»»<>
arles 2213140
Cash pall for taxes 422*643 28
Cash paid for rents 43! 003 20
All other cash payments (apecl-
Wng) 018.078 62
Total Expenditures during
the year J8.233.4S3 73
PREMICM-NOTE ACCOUNT^
Premium notes and other premium
obligations at beginning of the
year $841,834 71
Premium notes and other premium
obligations received during the
y«" 843 38
Total ....-....— 642,43016
Deductions during the year as folloirs:
Amount of note^and other pre-
mium obligations used in pay-
ment of losses and claims.... $18,943 90
Amount of notes and other pre-
mium obllsmtlons used in pur-
chase of surrendered policies.. 4.008 00
Amount of notes and other pre-
mium obligations used In pay-
ment of dividends to policy
holders 81,72081
Amount of notes and other pre-
mium obligations voided by
lapse of policies 819 00
Amount of notes and other pre-
mium oblleatlons redeemed by
maker in cash »,317 24
Total reduction of Premliira-
Note Account $64,908 93
Balance, note assets at end of the
year _ $577. 521 21
JACOB L. OREi^sis. President.
HERBERT H. WHITE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of February, 1004.
NATHAN F. PECK. Notary Pnbllo.
A. K. P. HARMON,
District Superintendent of Agencies,
Rooms 330-331-332 Mills Building,
San Frnnclnco, Cal.
/ #
li CALIFORNIA 1
B LIMITED TO CHICACOp
m LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS B
Kg at 9:30 a. m., through in ,'{ dayt.H
H with diner and all trapping*. g
Other Santa 7* Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m. J Merced. Haaford aad Visalla.
4 :C0 p. m. for Stockton,
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Oraaa Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFPICBS — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot, S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 87 South Tlrst st.
Ban Jose.
¦ _ —^—^ — _— i — .— i^^— —^— — —
B" 1 "' HMI TOSANRAFAEU
H^ ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
jaal CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sansallto Terry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
D«oart from San Francisco, week days, at
6-3? 7aO. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15 10:0£ll:0O a. m.
MW0 a m. Sausalito only), 12:20. 1:45. 3:15.
4 00 4*35 6:15, 5:50. 6:25, 7:15. 9:00. 10:20!
11-S5 p' m. Sundays and leral holidays depart
at 7-10 7:45, 8:30. 8:15 10:00. 11:00 11:40
» ra 12-20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:35.
6:l™'6r50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00, 10:20. 11:33
P- A?rfve st San Francisco, week days, 6:17
7 00 7 S5" 8:15. 8:43. 9:33, 10:20. 11:05 a. m.
lo°05 4 iT25. 2:50. 3:33. 4:20, 5:08, 6:40. 6:15!
6-55 7:55 10:05. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
leirai holidays extra trains arrtye at 12:43. 2:03,
8^^ Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m. <ex Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at .:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00.
1100 11:40 a. ra.. 12:20, 1:00. 1:45, 2:30. 7:13
and 8:15 p. m.
« THROUGH TRAINS.
»7-45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations
9:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
' 3:15 d. n». dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero, etc."
5:15 P. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 D. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc.
TICKKT OFFICE— 626 Market St.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Le*»e Ti» JUiMliU Ftrrj Arrive
San Frauci«co Ifoet «f larfctt ft. 8an Francisoo
Week Ban-- ana Bun- Week"
D*yt- d *y«- An&Rgbki days. Day».
~~8l307 fe^l£ajft| 12:43 p* 8:43 a
' . .. 10:001 ynSSBw 2:05 r •11:05 a
10:00 a 11:00 a 3:35 p 3:35 *
I:45f12;20p XteSSSr 6:40 r 6:15 1
o:16r l;45 p Xt^»^ 6:15 r 10-.0ei
........ '4:35 rj 8:50 r .........
• TU Crtrty Car, v Ti»al»«Js U lill Tt«»f.
Tickxt \tn» Makkxt frt. (Korth Shore Railroad)
Omcu land Savsauto Auuit, Toot Muksta^STOCK 1IAEKET.
Conttaxxcd on Pa^o Fourteen
BAGS — Grain Bags. $5 1B@5 25: San'Quen
tin, $4 75: Wool bags. 30®32c; Fleece Twine.
7%c: Fruit Bags, 6V4@7%c for whlto and 7c
for brown Jute. " '
COAL— Wellington, |8 per ton; New Welllnr-
General Merchandise.
TACOMA. Aug. 5— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 75c; club, 70c.
OREGON. *••;•.¦
PORTLAND. Aug; 6.— WHEAT r Shlpplng:
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening • 2175 22 60
Closing '.' 2185 22 70-
Flour — -
Opening 29 65 29 75
Closing 29 60 29 75
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— f. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 11 <& 7 001,
Closing ......... p A^g;-°"* TOO
Foreign Futures.
NEW YOHK. Aug. 5.— There was a decided
contradiction of bui-lnees In storks to-day.
Commission houses reported the amount of out-
Bide orders as insignificant and the speculative
operators showed hesitation and uncertainty.
This U partly due to a Urge diversion of
speculative Interest to the cotton and grain
rr.srket« and partly to the conflicting influences
from the cotton and. wheat crop prospects.
The effect cf thene i« to cause alternate ad
vances and declines in the markets as a whole.
as the effect of the cotton prospects or the
vheat prospect becomes alternately dominant.
There Is very alight tendency for the move
ment* lr the cotton carriers and the wheat
carriers to diverge. The result is to cause
constant uncertainty as to what course prices
may take. The undertone of the market was
firm to-day. Accordtng to the explanation of
the room traders, who had the market large
ly to themselves, thta was due to the fact
that. they found rery light supplies or stocks
for s-ri'r. So far as the produce markets wer»
An influence there was a feeling of suspicion
cf j-wterday's violent rise in wheat and the
r«port« of damage to th« crop which accom
per.i'd it. The reaction in the wheat market
Itself enc«n inured the view, that the fright over
the situation had been exaggerated. The views
of the «xtest of the damage to the spring
wheat crop, however, became so. mixed that
New York Stock Market.
• The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: ./
CATTLE — Steers, 7U©7%c: Cows and
Heifers 5%@6»^c; thin Cows. 4®5c per Ib.
CALVES — *@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3^G3%c; Ewes, 3®3Uo
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50S 2 75 per head. -
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. ¦4 ! 54©4%e:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over 250" it?, 4 'sic; soft Hogs, nominal: Sown.
20 per cent off; Boars.. 60 per cent off. and
Stags 40 per cent oft from above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows :_
BEEF— 5@6%c for Steers and 4®5%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. B@7c: small. 7©Sc per Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7%®8c: Ewes. 7c per lb.
LAMB — 9®0%c per lb. •
; PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6%®S%c per lb.
• LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There Is nothing new to report tinder this
head, the markets being well supplied and
quiet.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
XEW YORK. Aug. 5.— Close: Money on
call wa» easy, «46l per cent; closing bid. «i
per cent, offered at 1 per cent.
Time lean* were easy, with 60 and 90 days
at 2 per cent, and six months at 2% per cent
Nezv York Money Market.
Adams Con 451 Little Chief 05
Alice 80|Ontario ...3 25
Brecce lOiOphlr .2 20
Bruns Con ...... 13]Phoenix 07
NEW YORK -MINING STOCKS.
The principal river steamer with fresh sup
plies of Potatoes was very late again and the
market was . unsettled during the early trade
in consequence, but when the consignments
brought by the belated boat were finally un
loaded trade was active and the best 'stock
was quickly cleaned up at steady prices. Sup
plies of Salinas Burbanks were limited and
generally of poor quality and previous prices
ruled for that line of goods. A small consign
ment of Sweet Potatoes came In from Merced,
the first of the season from that region, and
sold at 3%c per pound. River Sweets brought
3c and come from Coachella sold at 6c per
pound. Onions ruled weak at unchanged
prices. Two carloads of fancy stock were re
ceived from San Luis Oblspo and were held at
$1" 50 per cental, but no nates were reported.
Vegetables continued to arrive freely and
were generally weak, with large lines of ,all
descriptions to be had at the inside rates.'.To
matoes cleaned up. as the low prices attracted
a certain class of trade, but prices were no
higher, as dealers were anxious to clean up
In anticipation of continued heavy receipts.
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river.
90c@$l 25 per ctl In sacks and $191 50 per
ctl in boxes: Salinas Burbanks. $1 Mfctfl 65 per
ctl* Watsonville Burbanks, $1 25@1 50; Early
Rose. 85c<R$l: Garnet Chiles. 85c0$l; old Po
tatoes nominal.
ONIONS — Sllverskins. $1 10@l 80 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. C0c®$l per
sack: crates from Alameda, $101 25;. from
Berkeley. 60®75c; Green Peas. l®3c per lb;
String and Wax Beana, from 50c per sack to
lc per lb; Lima Beans. 2%<f3c per lb : Toma
toes In ' small boxes, nominal ; large open
boxes. 25@35c; Summer Squash, 20®35o ; per
box; Cabbage.- 75c per ctl ; Carrots, $1 per sack;
Cucumbers. 25040c per box: Pickle Cucumbers
nominal ;¦ Garlic, 3@4c per lb ; Efcr Plan t. 40®
60c per box; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green
Okra,',80®65c per box; Green • Peppers. 40®50c
per box for Bell and 25®35c for Chile; Marrow,
fat- Squash, ?15f 20 per t«- <
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Business Still Quiet and Without
Especial Feature.
Trading on th<i local exchanges was merely
fair, with few features to report. Alaska
Packers sold at $128 and Pacific Borax wai
higher at $157. There was more doing in bonds)
than In stocks. The oil and mining stocks •—¦*•)
not active, though a very fair business was
done In the Tonopahs.
The Kentuck Mining Company ha» levied an
assessment of 5c and the Mexican one of 15o
per share.
Ex-dlvidend yesterday — Pacific Lightlns
Company, regular monthly, 35c per share,
amounting to $12,200; Onomea Sugar Company,
regular monthly, 20c per share, amounting to
$10.0CO.
Alnia Oil Company on August 1 paid a divi
dend of 3c per share, amounting to $12,000.
Esperanza Oil Company, dividend No. 1 of
lc per share, amounting to $1250. Is payabla
August 8 *
The North Star Mines Company of Grass Val
ley has Ju«t paid a third dividend of 2% per
c»nt. or 25c per share. The stock is listed on
the Boston Stock Exchange and lately told at
$10.
The Union Paclflc Railroad Company will
pay regular semi-annual, dividends of 2 per cent
on the preferred and common stocks October 1.
The net earnings of the Greene Consolidated
Copper Company for the four month3 ended,
June SO are stated to have been $S09.341. or at
tho rate of 30 cer cent on the capital stock of
$3,640,000. which is paying dividends at th«
rate of IS per cent oer annum.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Aug. 6—2 p. ra.
T^ITED STATES BONDS. X
Bid. Ask.) BTcI. Ask.
4s qr coup..lO«vil06«i|4s qr cp new.l31»4132
4s V reg...lO6V*lO6*i|3» qr coup. ..105 105*i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
AU A W 6s. — — (Oak T Co 6s.ll9H120
Asso Oil 5s. 70 Tfn Vo 5s 110 — -
liay CPC 5s.l01H — Do con 5s.. — 108VI
Cal C G 5s. 101*4104 Oceanic S 6s. — 72%
Cal O & K g On Cable 6a. — 124
m ft ct 5s. — 85 Pac G Im 4s. 92U 93'i
Cal-st C 5..112H — P E Ry 5s..l04T 8 105
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P & C H 6S.10S —
EdL & P 6».123 — P ft O R 63.114 —
F ft C H 6s.ll2Vi — Powell-st 6s. — JI4
Geary-st 5s.. — 80 Sac EGAR5s. 90 10O
H C&S 5%s.lOO — 3F _ SJV5s.H7% —
Do 5s ....100 101 Sierra R 6s.. — 113
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40(32 55; Pea. $2 90®3 10;
Butters, $3 25; small White,- $2 90®3 10; large
White, $2 4O@2 65: Pink. $3 60@3 75; Red, $4 25
04 50; Lima, $3 50<g3 65: Hed Kidneys. $4 50;
Blackeyes, $2 20®2 30 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$175©2.- .
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, none here; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax. $1 0002 25; Canary,. 6%@
7c;. Alfalfa. 15@15»4c; Rape. 1%®2%c; Timo
thy 5%c; Hemp. 3V4@3%c per lb; Millet. 2%
©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green Peas. $3 per ctL
There is no further change to report. Beans
and most Seeds continue firm, though the
movement is not active.
Beans and Seeds.
WOOL — Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
ctno. 17®19c; San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months'. 10@12c; do 7 months', 9®llc p*er lb;
Middle Counties. 13®17c for free and 12®15o
for defective: Northern. 16@lSc for free and
14® 16c for defective; Nevada, 13Q16C. accord
ing to condition.
HOPS— Nominal at 25®27%e per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 1904 crop are quoted
at 17®21c.
HIDE8 AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides, 8©8%C for heavy and 8R8«4c for light;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c:
Salted Calf, lie: dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip. 13c;
dry Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings 20340c
each; short Wool. 4O@65o each; medium, 75^
90c: long Wool. $101 60: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2®2 50 for medium, $1 25
©1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry $1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium, $l@<
1 25 for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins-
Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 20@32%c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large do, $1 25;
large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c; small.
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 484%o P«r lb;
No. 2. 3Hc: grease. 2%®3c
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
OMAHA, Nebr., Aug. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1200; steady to firm; native steers, $4 20ig!6;
cows and heifers, $2 75®4 10; Western steers,
«3 25@4 65; Texas steers, ?2 76©3 75; range
cows and heifers, $2@3 50; canners, $1 28®
2: stockers and feeders. $2 50@4; calves, $3®
5; bulls and stags. $2®4 60.
HOGS— Receipts. 6600; slow to shade lower;
heavy, $4 90@5 05; mixed. $5 02%@5 07%;
light. $5 05@5 20; pigs. $4 60@5; bulk. $5 20®
SHEEP — Receipts. 2700; steady: Western
yearlings. *3 6O®4 25; wethers. $3 23®3 75;
ewes, ?2 75® 3 30; common and stockers, $2®
S 40; lambs, $4 75®5 75. • ' ,
• : ; *
Miscellaneous Markets.
1 / • ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. B.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 4000; Bteady; native steers, $3 75®
6 16; native cows and* heifers. $1 75@5 13;
Etockers and feeders. ?2 25@4 50; calves,
$2 25®3 75; bulk, $2 50®4 75; Western steers,
$3 7f)®5 50; Western cows, $1 75@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 6000; market 6c lower;"
bulk. $5iO5@S 20; heavy, $5 05®5 15; packers,
$5 05® 5 25; pigs and lights, $5@5 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000; strong; muttons.
?3 25@4 75; lambs, ?4@6 25; range, wethers,
$3 5O&4 75; ewes. $3®3 75.
Omaha.
Kansas City.
CHICAGO. Aug. 5. — CATTLE — Receipts,
3500;. slow; good to prime steers, $5 25@6 25;
poor to medium. $4®5; Mockers and feeders,
$2®4; cows, $1 25@4; heifers, $2@4 75; can
ners, $1 60@2 40:"- bulls, $2®4 15; calves,
?2 50<&6; Texas fed steers, $3@4 60; Western
steers, $3 70@4 75.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 18,000; to-morrow,
10,000; steady, 5c lower; mixed and butchers,
$5 20<g5 50; good to choice heavy, $5 25@5 60;
rough heavy. $4 80®5 10; light, $5 2S@5 50;
bulk, $5 2S®5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000: steady;, good to
choice wethers, (3 7G@4 15; fair to < choice
mixed. $3@3 75; Western sheep, $3 5O@4; na
tive lambs, $406 75; Western lambs. $4 35@
6 74.
Chicago.
Flour qr sks... 17.100! Wool, bales S«t
Wheat, ctls . 3,109! Hides. No Sort
Barley, ctls 22.9411 Pelts No R7S
Oats, ctls l.nt!«| Leather, rplls .. 145
Potatoes, eks ... 3.W"* Paper, reams ... 6H.1
Onions eks 515' Lime, bbls 4fS
Bran, "sks 85| Wine, gals ...... 51. 000
Middlings, sks .. 220! Susrar. ctls 2.r«(>
Hay tons 837 Quicksilver, flsks. f3
Straw, tons ..... 49'TaIlow. ctla .... 3
- ;• OREGON.
Oats, ctla 3601
AUGUST ¦-
FOR FRIDAY.
Receipts of Produce.
Hay continues soft under heavy arrivals and
large stocks. Feedstuffs are firm and /un
changed.
BRAN— $21®22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24^29 per ton.
8HORTS— $21(522 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 50®23 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50^32 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22@23; Corn
Meal. $30 50@31 50; Cracked Corn. $31@32;
Mixed Feed, $22@22 50; Horse Beans. $30@40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $9@11, with $12@12 50 for ex
tra fine; Wheat and Oat. $8@11; Oat. $7 800
11; Barley and Oat. $7@9 60; Volunteer Wild
Oat. $709; stable. $7@9 50; stock. $6 50@7 50;
Clover. $7 5009 50; Alfalfa. $7@10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 5O@7Oc per bale.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
I CATTLE, SHEEP ANDHOGS. |
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. 13S17c; dairies. 13®15c. Eggs
steady 12%®16%c. Cheese steady. 7%®8%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10c per lb for
heavy, 10^c for light medium. 12%c for light,
13%c for extra light and 16®17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 12%c: Mess Beef, $l0@10 50 per
bbl: extra Mess. $1101150; Family. $12@12 50;
prime Mes* Pork, $14 50; extra clear. $21;
Mess, $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. OVic; Pig Pork.
$24; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6@6%c per lb for
common and 9@9%c for pure; half-barrete,
pure 9«4©99ic; 10-lb tins. O*;-SlOUc; 5-lb tins
9 7 A'8"l0'KiC; 3-lb tins. 10®10%c
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel. 896c; three
half barrels. 8 Vic: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
?8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Some dealers have advanced their prices for
Lard and sugar-cured Bacon, which explains
the wider range in these quotations. Other
wise there is nothing new.
Provisions.
EASTERN-MARKETS. |
Weather Report. '
< 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 5 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tern
. j*ra.turet are rejjorted for previous day :
Boeton 70-66 New Orleans 00-78
Cincinnati 90-70 Philadelphia 84-70'
Jacksonville 64-74 Washington 84-70
St. Louis 86-64 New York 78-70
SAN FRANCISCO KS-52
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. I 1 1| I If |i I
: ? 3 : j f
. . * * • •
B&ker SO.Ofl S>2 60 NW Cloudy .00
< araon 30.06 Hi) ,16 g Cloudy T
Eureka 30.16 56 f,2 N Cloudy .t«O
~^«!io H.MliU 66 NW Clear .no
P- E.faraJlon.S0.o4 55 52 NW Cloudy .OO
rugsta.fr 28.9O 78 54 E Cloudy T.
Pocatello 30.00 92 54 N Clear .00
Independence .30.00 94 *Vi N Pt.CIdy T.
.Los Angeles.. 23.92 82 62 SW Clear .00
Kt Tamalpais.30.02 K4 C4 NW Clear .00
North H«?ad..3<>.14 68 52 S Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.78 100 SO W Pt.Cldy .00
Point Reyes. .23.98 M SO NW Foggy .00
Portland 30.00 86 6rt NW Clear .<X) I
Red Bluff 29. 8S 102 72 ?E Clear .00
Roseburg 29.98 92 00 N Clear " .00
Sacramento ..29.90 90 56 S CWr .00
Salt Lake 2H.SW 90 CO NW Clear , V.OO
Pan Francl»co.30.04 58 52 PW Cloudy .00
. S. L. Obispo..30.oo 78 54 NW Clear .00
Sar. Diego 29.94 74 64 W Clear .OO
Seattle .10. 02 82 f»*? W Clear .Ort
Spokane 23.96 100 5ft NW Clear .00
Tsto^sh 30.10 .VJ 60 SW Cloudy .00
'Walla Wei!a.29.90 104 64 N Clear .00
Wir.nemucca .30.02 90 58 S Pt.Cldy T.
Yuma 23.76 104 80 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
KORECAST.
Unsettled weather prevails in the Sierras
and eastward through Nevada. Showers are
ref/rted generally in the lmermountain section,
and thunderstorms have occurred from Inde
l«er.d»nre to Flagstaff.
There ha* been but little change in tempera
ture in California. Warm weather continues
in Southern Orefeon. Idaho and Eastern Wash
ington. Afternoon temperatures exceeding 100
are reported at Frt-sno, Red B!uflf, Boise City,
"ttalla Walla, and Spokane.
• Forecast made at Han Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. August 6:
Northern California — Fair Saturday, except
thunderstorms In the mountains: cooler: fresh
southerly winds fnland; hrffk westerly winds
on th^ rout, with fog.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday, prob
ably thunderstorms In the mountains; light
touihwMJt winds.
Nevada— Thunder showers Saturday; cooler*
brlfk southerly winds.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Satur
.day; brtek westerly winds, with log.
A. G. MeADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
______
= 3 33 2. V o-p
lha I a |!
STATIONS. % » o * 5,3
C C •» 2 n
in „ ** S
• • 4 5 &o
• : » 5 0%
'. '. ?• .'¦' • : ' !* "
Clrw-erda'.e 95 47 .... Clear .00
Oolusa I15 60 .... Clear -.00
Eureka 56 E2 N Cloudy .O0
Fresno 1O4 CG NW Clear. .00
Hanrord 102 «> .... Clear .00
¦ ' Hc!!isier S3 49 W Clear .O0
Independence 94 6* N Pt.Cldy Tr.
King City 90 51 N Clear .00
Livcrmore R7 50 .... Clear ¦¦ .'.00 1
Los Angeles *2 C2 SW Ciear .00
Merced 103 <3 Clear .O0|
"Naj,a 7» 52 R Clear .00
Nem-captle 100 73 W Clear' .00
Newman 102 58 .... Clear .00
Palermo 103 57 Clear .00
" J'ortervl'.Ie 101 <3 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Red Bluff 102 72 SE Clear .00
Rlversioe V.t «2 . Clear
• Sacramento »0 5« S Clear ' .00
r>iego 74 C4 W Clear .00
San Francisco 7>3 .12 EW Cloudy .00
San Jo» 75 K3 Clear .00
Saa Lui* Oblspo 7S 04 NW Clear .00
fcar.ta Maria 72 5<5 Clear .00
Panta P.osa S2 E2 Clear .00
Storkton S>0 CO .... Clear .00
• Willom-s 98 C3 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS^
Hfnford— Good crop muscat grap«*. Prunes
ripening fan.
Colusa — Grape picking commenced; fine qual
ity. . Prune* and pears ripening rapidly.
Hoi lister— Crawford and Foster peaches
ripe; crop medium. ."
• King City— Season's threshing will be com
• p>ted in few days, with half crop.
Llvermor* — Grapts tmall. cwlng to heat and
lack of moisture.
San Jose— Total green fruit estimated at
1000 cars.
Clovtrdalc— Fruit ripening, crops promising
about aver»e«.
Stockton— First shipment White Heath
p— .eh— at cannery to-day.
Palermo— Orange tre«s putting on new
growth, developing nicely.
Santa Maria — Unchanged weather condl
t.ofir; grain good: yield beans fair: fruit lirht
Napa— Wheat turning out better thta ex
pw-ted; acreage email.
Willows — Crcp conditions unchanged.
Newman — Conditions unchanged.
A. G. MeADIE. j
. FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 600
4 90 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 80;
Qregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5&4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per <100 lb»;
Rye Flour $3 50; Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, *4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25ffS 60; in sacks. $6 75(9
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbe.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 12.700 16.100
Wheat, bu 129,000 63.300
Corn bu 205.100 166.700
Oats' bu 274.100 71.600
Rve bu 9.000 3.8C0
Barley, bu 14,200 2,200
CHICAGO. Aug. 5. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 02® 1 05; No. 3, 94c@$l 02; No. 2 corn,
C2%c: No. 2 yellow, 54V l @ > 54%c; No. 2 oats,
3o%^33%c; No. 2 white, 34%@36c; No. 3
white. 34%©37Uc; No. 2 rye. 67«?68%c; good
feeding barley. 35c; fair to choice malting,
42g4.')c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 17: No. 1 North
western $1 24% ;~ prime timothy seed, $3 05;
mess pork, per bbl. $12 75@12 80; lard, per
100 lbs. $6 80®6 82%; short ribs sides (loose).
$7 T.oig7 C2%; short clear sides (boxed). $80
8 25; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28;
clover, contract grade. $11 50. «* .
Cash Grain and Provisions.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7%C0%c;
Peaches. 5%@7%c per lb: Pears. 6@9%c; Figs,
2-crown bricks. 52%c; 3-crown. 65c; 4 -crown,
65c; 6-crown. 75c; bulk white. 3H@3%c: black,
4c. Old crop— Evaporated Apples, 6%@7%c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 1%@2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 60- Ib boxes — Loose Muscatels, 3-crown,
3c; 2-crown. 2%c; Malaga, loose.- 3-crown,
2%c; 2-crown.' 2%c; seedless Sultanas, 3c;
seedless Muscatels. 2%c; Seeded Raisins, I6-01
cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice, 4c; 12-oz cartons,
fancy. 3%c: choice. 3%c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%»14c;
No. 2. Il%<gl2c; No. 1 hardshell. 13©13%c;
No. 2. U@ll%c; Almonds. 13®13%c for new
Nonpareils. 12@12%c for I X L. 12@12%c for
Ne Plus Ultra; Peanuts. 6f»7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. 11013c: Cocoanuts. $4 0C£5.
HONEY — Comb. ll%@13c for white and 10^
lie for amber; water white extracted. 506c;
light amber extracted. 4%©3c; dark. 3%@4Vie.
EEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits J^uts,RaisinsJioney.
Com Tunnel .... CSlPotosl «... 18
Con Cal ft Va... 1 OSISavage 20
Horn Silver ...^,1 60 Sierra Nevada.... 18
Iron Silver 1 fr»| Small Hopes ..... 20
Leadvllle Con ... C2| Standard 2 U>
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— u S Steel 11%
Call loans ....2 @3% Do pfd CS%
Time loans ...3%@4% Westlns Common. 78
Hondo — Mining —
Atchison 4s 102% Adventure 73c
Do adj 4s 95 Allouez 8Vi
Railroads— Anial Copper .... Cl%
Atchlson 78% Amer Zlno 11
Do pfd 96%| Atlantic ...; 8%
Boston & AIbany.248 | Blngham 25
Boston A Maine.. 158 1 Calumet & Hecla.480
Boston Elev 145 I Centennial » 23%
Fltchburg pfd.... 138 I Copper Range ... B2%
Mex Central 0%|Daly West 14%
N Y, N H ft H..192 |Dom Coal 4fi%
Pere Marquette... 74 Franklin 7
Union Pacific... 96 Grancy 2%
Mlscslleneous — Isle Royale 10*1
Amer Arge Chem. 14 Mass Mining .... 3%
Do pfd 75 Michigan 4
Aroer Pneu Tube. 4 j Mohawk 42
Amer Sugar ....131 1 Mont Coal ft Coke 3%
Do pfd 130 Old Dominion ... 13
Amer Tel ft Tel. 137% Osceola 6.T
Amer Woolen ... 11% Parrot 2"%
Do pfd 77 Qulncy 83%
Dom Iron ft 3... 86 Shannon 4%
Ed Elsct Ilium. ..250 Tamarack 88
Gen Electric 162 Trinity 7%
Mass Electric 17% U S Mining 21%
1 Do pfd «1%|U B Oil 10H
Mass Gas 39 | Utah 3R%
United Fruit lOfl I Victoria 2T*
Un Shoe Mach... 60%|Wlnona 7%
Do pfd 30%IWolverlne 77%
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 87%|N Y Central 121%
Do for acct 87*1 1 Nor & Western... 63%
Anaconda H%\ Do pfd 91%
Atchleon 79%|Ont & Western... 31%
Do pfd 98% 1 Pennsylvania 61%
Bait & Ohio 86%|Rand Mines 10
Can Pacific 128 141 Reading 26*1
Ches & Ohio ! 34*4| Do 1st pfd 42
Chi Great West.. 14%| Do 2d pfd... .-.35
Chi. Mil & St P..150%iSo Railway 26
De Beers 19 Do sfd 93
Den & Rio G.... 22% So Pacific 81%
Do pfd 73 Union Pacifio .... 97%
Erie 25% Do pfd 06
Do 1st pfd 64% D S Steel 12%
Do 2d pfd 3S Do nfd 62%
III Central 137% Wabash 17%
Louis & Nash 120 | Do pfd 36%
M, K & Texas... 10%!SDaniHh is 85^4
Bar silver— Steady. 26 15-16d jx?r ounce.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% ©3 per cent and for three
months' bills 2%@3 per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Aug. 5.— The following 'table,
compiled tjy Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
August 4. with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
-'Inc. Dec.
New York $1,061,355,864 ....-' 8.6
Chicago 157,326,270 1.5
Boston 116.7S0.266 .... 5.4
Philadelphia 94,766.297 .... 15.2
St. Louis 45.224,602 .... 6.9
Pittsburg 37.64.1.8tM 18.9
San Francisco .... 31,872,045 7.5 ...;
I Baltimore 19.2(55.697 11.1
Cincinnati 24,086,850 11.6
Kansas City 20,694,634 7.1
New Orleans 10,234,363 2.3
Cleveland 13.5S7.091 11.4
Minneapolis 12,496, 7H1 0.4
Detroit 10,515,308 .... 2.2
Louisville 11,197,354 3.9 ....
Omaha 6,434,100 .... 4.5
Milwaukee 7,471jli24 3.1 ....
Providence 5,607.800 0.7
Buffalo 6.210,541 0.7
Indianapolis 6,611,607 6.1
St. Paul 5,917.457 5.4
Los Angeles 5,fl90,«27 .... 1.2
St. Joseph 3.3X1, 840 .... 20.0
Denver 4.1S8.477 .... 11.9
Columbus 4.074,100 7.5
Memphis 2,171,906 16.5
Seattle 4,110.789 15.1
Richmond 4.10tf,615 14.5
Washington 3,t)«t.5fil 9.3
Savannah 2.968,513 32.7 ....
Albany 3,'ttO.lll 11. 7
Portland. Or 3,110.603 .... 7.0
Fort Worth 2,581,029 .... 2.3
Toledo, Ohio 3,ll)2,C0S .... -9.3
Salt Lake City... 2.705.0K6 .... 17.9
Peorla 2.202,319 15.3
Atlanta ..*. 2,298,779 . 10.7 ....
Rochester 3,127.356 IS. 6
Hartford 3,253,134 27.1
Nashville 2,057,258 17.3
Des Molnes 2,051,722 15 1
Spokane. Wash... 2.05C.414 9.1
Tacoma 1,009.830 2.5
Grand Rapids ... 1,762.675 .... 10.9
New Haven 1,859,674 .... 17.0
Dayton 1.331.160 .... 17.0
Norfolk 1.425.377 .... 1.9
Springfield. Mass. 1.2tS0.017 .... 12.2
Worcester 1,153,846 .... 2C.3 !
Portland, Me 1,537.186 .... 4.2 !
Augusta. Ga 858,297 16.4 i
Topeka 1,037.449 16.9
Sioux City 987.175 '4.3 I
6yracuse 1.210.518 .... 12.1
Evansvllle 1,211.231 .... 0.8
Birmingham 986,425 .... 11 2
Wilmington. Del.. 1,157.922 .... 4.6 I
Kr.oxvllle 001,415 .... 12.8 '
Davenport 813.917 .... 17. (i j
Little Rock 617,330 .... 17.2]
Wilkesbarre 874,583 .... 13.4 1
Tall River 008,250 .... 8.7
Macon 318.S91 .... 42.9
Wheeling, W. Va. 623,839 .... 12.0
Wichita 1,004,394 75. S I
Akron 530,400 .... ¦ 13.5
Chattanooga 884,389 8.8 ....
Springfield. 111.... 830.273 2.4 ....
Kalamazoo. Mich. 679.130 3.2
Youngstown 432,868 42.8
Helena 841.548 74.5
Lexington 720,8St 36.3
Fargo, N. D - 308,551 .... 4.5
New Bedford .... 373,531 .... 11.8
Canton. Ohio 617,000 12.1
Jacksonville, Fla. CU0.O75 55.0
Lowell 603,7»;i 15.9
Chester. Pa 442.413 .... - 2.6
Greensburg. Pa... 302,579 .... 309
Rockford. Ill 332,215 .... 8.5
Binghamton 464,600 .... 4 1
Springfield. Ohio.. ' 417.613 1.9 ....
Bloomington 309,561 .... 88
Quincy./ Ill 304.842 105
Kioux Falls. S. D. 240,350 8.3
Mansfield, Ohio.- 182,423 .... 24 1
Decatur. III....:. 224.842 .... 3.8
Jacksonville. 111.. 251.450 .8
Fremont, Neb.... 207,222 18.9
•Houston 9.227,88» 24 4
•Galveston 0,051.000 27.6
Charleston. . S. C. 736,523 2.6 ....
Cedar Rapids .... 408,395
Totals, U. S.. $1,809,148,521 .... 7.2
Outilde N. Y. 747,793.657 ..;. 4.0
CANADA.
Montreal $19,394,462 .2
Toronto 14,567.136 12.2 ....
Winnipeg 6,013,884 10.4 ....
Ottswa 2,040.751 5.6
Halifax 2.402,463 22.7
Quebec 1.C10.911 .... 12.5 '
Vancouver, B. C. 1,475,466 ¦ .2 ....
Hamilton 1.050.3S3 .... 1.2
London, Ont 077,423 .... 25 7
St. John, N. B... 982,360 12.8
Victoria. B. C/... 697.851 8.1 ....
Totals. Can.. $50,022,000 6.3 ....
•Not included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5. — To-day's Treasury
statement: Available cash balance, 5152 293 •
611; gold, $44,949,789. ;
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— Cotton futures
opened firm; August, 10.10c bid; September
9.60c: October, 0.69c; November, offered 9 60c*
December. 9.63c; January, 9.64c. '
Spot cotton closed steady; middling uplands
10.45c; middling gulf, io.7uc; sales, 1056 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW .YORK. Aug. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts
11,800 barrels; exports. 13.3C0 barrels; market
dull but firm; winter patents, $4 85<g5 35-
Mlnnesota patents, $5 25@5 65; Minnesota
bakers, f 3 85@4 30. . ¦ ¦ i
WHEAT— Receipts, 43.000 bushels; spot '
firm; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and $104
f. o.-b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 17%
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened firm on foreign
buying, broke under improved spring wheat
reports, big Southwest receipts and unloading
after which shorts had a big scare, advancing ;
prices to the high point of tho session. Later
the market sagged off and closed partly lc ¦
net lower. May, $1 00%@>l 02. closed at
$1 01 Ml September. $1 00%@l 02 15-16, closed
at $101%; December. $1 01%@l 01%, clossd ,
at $1 00%. .
HOPS— Steady.
' PETROLEUM— Steady.
HIDES — Firm.
WOOL — Flrra.^ .
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining. 3 0-16c;
centrifugal. 96 t«st. 4®4 l-16c; molasses sugar.
3 5-16c. Refined. flrm. %^^e»^aS9MM%faiipBjfV
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; mild, steady.
Futures closed steady at .a net - advance of
6015 points; total . gales. 68,230 bass, Includ
ing August. 6.05c; September, C.05@8.15c; De-
FIOS— $1@1 50 per dox.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1®1 75 per crate:
Nutmeg Melons from the river. 40®-75c per box;
Watermelons, $1 25@3 per dozen.
GRAPES — Seedless, 50i5"5c per small box or
crate and 75@85c for open boxes; Muscat. 60c@
$1 25 per crate; Black, 50® 75c; Fontalnebleau,
35S50c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 B0®3 50 per
box for Valencias and $1 2501 50 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons, $2 25^2 75 for fancy,
$1 60@1 75 for choice and $1®1 25 for stand
ard; Mexican Limes. $4®4 50 per case; Ba
nanas, $1 60®3 per bunch for Central Ameri
can and 75c©$l 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 B0 per dozen. ". ;
Peaches were still the leading feature of the
market for deciduous fruits and. although trade
was less active than on the preceding day.
prices were firm, aa receipts were lighter. The
canners were taking small lots of Freestones
at $25(5.15 per ton, while the regular trade
purchased freely at the quotations. The belief
is current In fruit circles that the opening
prices for Clingstones will be high, and one
dealer predicted that owing to the shortage in
the river sections they would bring $60 per ton
before the end of the season. Wrapped Bart
lett Pears were in limited supply and firm,
while bulk stock was firm, with the cannera
cleaning up the market at the 'previously
quoted ratea. Apricots In small packages were
in limited supply and held for shipping at high
prices. Occasional lots of Moorparks in bulk
were received and sold at nominal prices. The
Apple market was gradualy working Into
shape, and a few small lots of extra fancy
stock commanded a small premium. Plums
and Prunes were plentiful and the market was
firm for good shipping stock, but there was a"n
abundance of low-grade offerings, which could
be bought at low prices. Nutmeg Melons sold
at a wide range as to quality, a considerable
portion of the heavy receipts being green and
otherwise poor Two carloads of Seedless
Grapes, packed' In 45-lb boxes, came in from
Fresno, and this had a depressing effect on the
market for that fruit, which was weak at best.
Changes in berries were slight and the market
cleaned up well. Citrus and Tropical fruits
were without quotable change.
STRAWBERRIES — $106 per chest for Long
worths, $4@« for Alviso Berries and $2 50®
4 50 for the larger varieties.
BLACKBERRIES— $1 50®3 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $6@9 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES per lb.
APRICOTS— Small boxes, 50@65c; crates,
75090c.
APPLES— $1®1 25 per box for fancy, 65@85e
for choice and 35@50c for common: Crab Ap
ples. 5O©fi0c for small boxes and $1 for' large.
PEARS— Bartlett. $1@1 15 per box for
wrapped stock; in open boxes. $30035 per ton
for No 1 and 35@50c per box for No. 2.
PEACHES^Small boxes, 33®60c; carriers,
W>i965c; open boxes, 60075c; lug boxes. 85c©
$1 25
PLUMS AND PRUNES — Plums^40O65c per
crate and 3G@40c per small box; in bulk. $20
per ton for canning varieties. Prunes. 5C*375c
per box or crate.
NECTARINES — $1 per crate for red and 50o
for white. •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5. — At the . opening the
wheat market showed some signs of weakness,
September being unchanged to %c lower at
96%@07%c. With the exception of favorable
weather, however, there seemed little to war
rant any alteration of the recent bullish atti
tude of traders. Prices at Liverpool were
again up about Id compared with yesterday's
close. Private advices from the Northwest re
ported further damage by the rust blight. In
fluenced by the strength In English markets,
shorts covered freely soon after the opening,
advancing the price of September to 98Vic A
•julck reaction followed as a result of heavy
profit taking. ' On the break September de
clined to 00%c. The bearish turn to the mar
ket '.was clinched by a report of a Minneapolis
crop expert, who has within the past two
weeks sent out numerous extremely bullish
advices regarding the condition of spring
wheat In the Northwest. According to the in
terview given out to-day by this authority,
while wheat in the Dakotaa and Minnesota Is
damaged by rust, there will be, on the whole,
an excellent aggregate production with much
variation In sample. Many reports received
during the day from the Northwest, however,
were flatly contradictory In tenor. The pit
crowd seemed willing to believe the worst that
could be said of the spring wheat crop, and In
consequence little momentum was needed to
again start prices upward. The advance met
with small offerings until September- had
reached 99 He. Renewed liquidation, especially
in the more distant futures, caused another
reaction, September declining to 97%c. The
market closed rather easy, with September at
07%«397»ic. «
Profit taking by Eastern holders was !n
strumentnl in creating a weak . undertone in
corn. The market closed weak, with prices
near the lowest point of the day. September
closed at 52%@52'4c.
The oats market followed corn In preference
to wheat, a weak undertone being In evidence
the greater part of the day. September closed
at 33%c, the low figures.
Provisions were weak In —mpathy with
lower prices at the yards and on selling cred
ited to local packers. Trading was more ani
mated than of late, but the volume of business
was r.ot large. At the close September pork
was off 17%c, lard was down 7%@10c, ribs
closed 7%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 —
September, old. 98% 1 00% 97% 98%
September, new. 97% 90% 96% 97%
December 97% 98 95% 9«%
May 09H 90% 97% 98%
Corn. No. 2—
August &2% 52% 51% Bl%
September 52% 52% 51% 52V;
December 49V4 49% 48% .48%
Oats No. 2 — - .
September 34% 34% 33% 33%
December 35 35 34% 34%
May 3(5% 37 - - 35% 35%
Mesa pork, per bbl —
September 12 92% 12 92% 12 77% 12 77%
October 12 97% 12 97% 12 72% 1277%
Lard. r>cr 100 lbs —
September 6 92% 6 92% 6 90 6 90
October 7 00 7 00 6 95 6 95
Short rib*, per 100 lbs—
September 7 65 7 67% 7 62% 7 62%
October.. 7 65 7 67% 7 60 T 60
Future Grain and Provisions.
I many operator* express a determination to
await the publication of the Government esti
mates of the condition, which Is to appear
on the 10th, before venturing on further com
mitments. The engagement of $2,600,000 In
gold for shipment to Europe next week and
rumor* of further engagements seemed to be
accepted with perfect equanimity by the stock
market. The shipment to Cuba is of such a
special character and has been so clearly
foreseen that it was totally Ignored, but the
movement to London Is regarded an an indi
cation that the usual recourse to that center
for funds to move the crop 'will be denied
this fall. The money market was entirely
unaffected. The estimates of the week's cur
rency movement shows that the tide *rom the
interior is uninterrupted and the large loss
to the eubtreasury with which the week opened
on account of the payment of a Central Pa
cific note has been successively reduced by" the |
daily debte of the "tJovernment institution. A |
gain of over $3,000,000 in cash by the banks is
indicated.
The sharp recovery of Consols in London
helped the early market here. Reactions at
the last were only elight, but the closing was
heavy.
Bonds were firm. Total sales, par value,
$1.C3.\<.!OO.
United States bonds- wert» unchanged on call.
( NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 6,000 78% 77% 78Vi
I Atchison pfd 300 96% 06H 9Q%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 4,000 84% 84"ft 84%
Bait & Ohio pfd 92
I Canadian Pacific... 300 125% 125?» 125
I Cen of New Jersey. 100 163 163 Ifi2
I Chesapeake & Ohio. 700 34% 33% 34»s"
I Chicago & Alton... 900 40% 40 40%
Chi & Alton pfd 80%
Chi Great Western. 600 14>,4 14 14%
Chicago & N W - 178
Chi. Mil & St P.. 17.400 14S% 116% 147%
C. M & St P pfd 178S4
Chi Term & Trans 5%
Chi T & T pfd 100 13?i 13»i 13%
C. C. C & St Louis 7SV,
Colorado Southern 13T,
Colo South 1st pfd. 4<V) 4S»i 48»; 48%
Colo South 2d pfd. 200 19% 19% 19%
Dela & Hudson 159
I>el. Lack & West 26tt
Denver & Rio G.. lf>0 22 22 22%
Den &; Rio G pfd.. 1.000 72 70»; 71 *i
Erie 2.200 25% 24*j 24%
Erie 1st pfd 2.100 63^4 62% 63
Erie 2d rM 400 37% 37 37%
Hocking Valley C5%
Hocking Valley pfd 79%
Illinois Central 900 134^ 133% 134^4
Iowa Central 200 18% 18 18%
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 35*4 35»i 35%
K C Southern 21%
K C Southern pfd 41%
Louis & Na*h 5,500 IIS 116?i 117U
Manhattan L 15044
Metropolitan Sees.. 1.000 SS% SS% SS%
Metropolitan St Ry:- 3,000 119H 119 119'
Mexican Central 1(X> 9S 4 s*.-^ »%
Minn &. St Louis.. 47
Min. St P & S S M 100 72% 72% 72
M.StP & PS M prd .'. 124%
Missouri Pacific... 2.200 03«fc fl2% 03%
Mo, Kan & Texas. 7.400 lS«i 18% 18*4
M. K A T pfd 500 41% 41^ 41
Ntl R R M«:x pfd 3«%
New York Central. 100 118»4 llx*i 11S%
Norfolk & Western. 500 62 Cl% 01%
Nor & West pfd 88
Ontario & Western 1.000 31% 31% 31
Pennsylvania 15,500 120*g 119% 120U
P. C. C & St Louis 02%
Reading 2,300 52% 52% 52%
Reading 1st pfd 100 83 83 S2%
Reading 2d pfd ' «n
RWck Ia-and Co 21.500 23% 22% 23%
Rotlc Island Co pfd 1,700 «!6»i 65% . 66%
StL & SF 2d pfd.. 9.000 58% 66% 68'
St Louis S W ; 1414
St Louis S W pfd.. 1.100 36% 36 3<Hi
Southern Pacific... 2.UX) 50% 49% 6<>M,
Southern Railway.. 13.600 25%- 25% 25%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1.000 ftO% 90 00U
Texas & Pacific 3,200 27% 20% 27
T. St L & W 200 26V4 2<» 25%
T. St L & W pfd.: 100 38% 3S*i S8%
Union Pacific 22.700 96% 95% 9 r >
Union Pacific pfd " ..;. 93
Wabash 100 1C% 16% 15
Wabash j-'M 400 36% 35% 3tS
Wheeling & L E .... 1414
Wisconsin Central. 100 16% 16% 10%
Wisconsin Cent pfd .... ws%
Express Companies —
Adams ,\.. 225
American '-.... 193
I'nited Stat«s 105
\\>lls-FarKO 202
Mifcellaneour —
Amals Copper B.SnO 52 61% 61%
Amer Car & Found 600 18% 18^4 18%
Ar»r C & F pfd .... 78
Arner Cotton Oil... 3,300 31 28% 29%
Aff.fr Cot Oil pfd.. 200 83% 89% 63%
Amer Ice 100 0% 6% 7
Amer Ice pfd .... 27%
Amer Linseed CM1.. 100 9% 9% 8%
Amer Lin Oil pfd 26%
Amer Locomotive.. 500 21 20% 2t)%.
Amer Ixjco pfd .'. 87
Amer Smelt & Ref. 1.100 C7*i 57% 57%
Amer P & R pfd... 300 1)9% 90% »»%
-Arcer fupar Refin.. 25,500 131% 123% 131
'Anaconda Min Co .'. 71%
Brcok Rap Tran... l.fiOO 51% SlJ, 51%
Colo Fuel Sz Iron... 20rt S5ii '38 36
Consolidated Gas .. 1.100 100% 195U 195%
Corn Products COO 12'i 12 12%
Corn Products pM. COO 67% 67 67
Distillers' Seeuri ¦ 21%
General Electric... 100 1C2% 1C2% 1C2
Int-ernntlonal Paper 900 14% 1.1% 14
Intntl Pap*r pfd... 500 70% 70% 70%
Intntl Pump 31
Intntl Pump pfd .... ••... 70
National L»ad 20%
North American 87
Pacific Mall 25%
People's Gas 6,900 101% 100% 101%
Prtsse.1 Ft^l Car 33%
Pr Steel Car pfd 72
Pullman Pal Car 217
Retublic Steel 800 7% 7% 7%
Republic Ste^l pfd 43%
Rubber Goods 18
Rubber Goods pfd 78%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,700 44% 44% 44%
U S Leather 7%
IT S Leather pfd,.. 400 83 82% 82%
U S Realty 4C
U S Rubber ••• lO'/i
UK Rubber pfd 300 74% 74% 74
U S eteel 3.000 12 11% 11%
V S Steel pfd 18.300 r>!)« B8% 69>
Wectlnghous- Elec. 200 159% 158% 153%
Western Union 200 88% 8S% 88%
Total sales 250,600 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF EAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 5. — No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4'/J. asked 4V>; preferred, bid
41%. a*ked 42.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.,104% L &. N unified 4s. 100%
Do coupon 104% Man con cold 4s. 105%
Do Ss reg 104% Mex Central 4s.?. 62%
Do coupon 105 Do 1st lnc 13%
Do new 4s reg.131 Minn & St L 4a.. 1)6
Do coupon 131V< M K & Texas 4s. 99%
Do old 4s reg.ioc% Do 2ds 78
Do coupon 106% !NR of Mex con 4s. 75
Atch gen 4« 103'~jN Y-C cen .1Us.. »9%
.Do »««« M%IX J c gen 0sT...in2%
Atlantic C L 4s. »9%jNor Pacific 4s... 105%
Ealt & Ohio4s...lC3% U6 3s ....74$
Do 3%s 05 I Nor & W con 4s.l01H
Ce £ tra , 1 i of . Ga 5 »-«0«4jOSL 4s & 'partic. 05%
C-M & SP gn 41,108 St LouU swlsu: M^
C & NW con <s.l28%ISeaboard A L 4s. 71
Do col 5s 82 So Railway 6«... nsii
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01 (Texas & Paclsu 118
Chi Term 4s...., 74U|To1. St L & W 4s 72%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 62% | Union Pacific 4a.'lO5%
Colo & So 4s 85»i| Do conv 4s... 10^U
C F & I con 6s. 73. I U S Steel 2d 5s 78'Z
Den & Rio G 4s.ini Wabash lsts.T 117*2
Erie prior lien 4s 98% . Do deb B ...." 59$
Do gen 4* 85 W & L Erie 4s... fliu
HoTk t'a? JV.^.ioT' 4 ™ S CCntral ""• «>*
J Chicago Board of Trade. I
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 0U% $1 08% $1 07% $1 08
OATS — Dealers continue to report a firm
market, with a fractional advance in Reds.
Higher prices for Black for seed are also
quoted
Red $1 27%@1 35 for feed and $1 S5®1 40
for seed; Black. $1 25 for feed and $1 30®l 40
for seed.
CORN — There Is nothing new In this mar.
ket which continues quiet.
Western tacked. $1 47%©1 55 for Yellow and
White and II 451i 1 50 for Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1500157%; small round do,
$1 5501 60; White, nominal; Egyptian, $1 309
135 for White and $125'<J130 for Brown.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 for new.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75@2 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...*1 09>* ?1 09% $1 08% $1 08%
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed $1 05f?l 08*1; new Brewing and Ship
ping, $1 1091*15; Chevalier, $1 17%@1 30 per
ctl.
Oi>en. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 44% $144% $144^4 $144%
BARLEY — The cash grain was quiet, steady
and unchanged, but futures were lower, chiefly
on large receipts and a general bearish senti
ment A member of the brokerage firm of
Yates & Wright saldtthat a southern buyer in
formed him that when the large consumers in
the southern part of the State had fully sup
plied their needs they would leave the market
in a single night and would not return to It
for months. This remark had Its bearish effect
and enhanced the weakness In futures.
CASH BARLEY.
2 p. m. Session.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open, High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 45^ $1 46% $1 45^ *1 «%
FUTURES
- California Club. $1 37«4@1 42H; California
White Australian. $1 55@1 57%; Northern Club,
$1 37V>@1 42H: Northern Bluestem, ?1 52UQ
1 55 per ctl.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm.
with Liverpool and Paris futures higher.
There is a growing opinion that chances are!
bright for a good demand on this country dur
ing the rest of the year. Reports from Russia
are becoming more unfavorable, and' those
from the Danube are getting gloomy. Le Petit
Journal of Paris estimates the French crop at
310.000.000. bushels, or 55.000.000 below last
year.
Chicago continued excited and bobbed about
a good deal, declining from 97^c to 96%c.
rising violently to 99 %c and falling back to
»7%c. T^he riie was helped along by the re
port that Armour was tying up September de ¦
liveries. Wires to E. F. Hutton & Co. said
that increasing reports of rust, extending over
an expanding area, on top of a big European
shortage, make an acute situation. But Jones
of the Commercial West sent In a more bear
ish crop estimate and the crowd sold on it.
the pit crowd dumping a lot of Wheat. New
York also sold.
The Chicago wires of R. Brent Mitchell said:
"It was -a very irregular market, with wide
and rapid fluctuations. Foreign markets only
partially followed yesterday's advance here.
The feature of the day was a report sent out
by Jones of the Commercial West, which,
while Intimating damage, was much less radi
cal than had been the current estimate formed
from scattered reports. The action of the
market for the day* indicates ' considerable
liquidation, and this was no doubt due to the
above report. So far as advices from commer
cial channels are concerned, they do not show
much change, although perhaps there was less
reiteration to-day. Cash markets are all
strong and higher. A continued active and un
settled market is likely. Developments In
the Northwest will be watched closely. Think
we would buy Wheat on sharp breaks. Cable
advices from Important European centers are
most unfavorable as to general crop situation."
In this market futures did not respond to the
Chicago excitement and were lower, and the
sentiment of local operators was more bearish.
The cash grain continued firm but quiet.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico ..210
Berlin on London i 20.46H
Paris on London 25. 25ft
8terllng Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 8SH
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 80 H
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphio. — 12U
Silver, per ounce — 68ft
Mexican Dollars.... 48 O 46^
LOCAL.
Exchange and Bullion.
EGGS — Ranch. 21® 23c for fair to good and
24626c for choice; etore. lft® 21c; Eastern. 20®
22V-C for firsts and 18Vi@19c for seconds.
Eggs continue weak In spite of diminished
receipts, and 26c Is an extreme figure for
something extra. The top of the general mar
ket for choice ranch is 25c. All dealers are
complaining of the slowness of the demand.
Receipts were S3.800 lbs Butter. 066 cases
Eggs and 67,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 22'4@
23c for extras and 21 ©22c for firsts; dairy. 179
10c; store Butter, 14016c; Eastern creamery,
19%@20c;' Eastern ladle-packed, 14@15^c per
pound.
CHEESE— 9®9%c for choice mild new and
8@8%c for lower grades; Young Americas. HO
lUic: Eastern. 10015c; Utah, 12c per lb.
The situation In Butter Is one of continued
flrmneas, receipts now running comparatively
light and. stocks of the finer creameries being
well cleaned up. Another fractional advance
was made yesterday and sales even over the
quotation* were reported by a number of
houses. The Cheese market continues as be
fore stated, being liberally supplied and weak,
with a slow demand.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6. — Tin was again a lit
tle lower In London, epot closing at £122 5s
and futures at £122 12s 6d, while ths local
market was marked down in sympathy to
f20 85®27.
Copper was a shade higher abroad, closing
at £58 15s for spot and £56 16a 8d for futures
in the London market. _ Locally the market
was quiet and if anything a shads easier,
closing at $12 50@12 70 for lake. $12 50®
12 75 for electrolytic and (12 25@12 60 for
c&stlnir*
Lead was steady at $4 2O©4 25 In tho local
market and £11 13s Od in London.
Spelter closed a ehade lower at £22 in Lon
don, but remained unchanged here at $4 85®
4 OS.
Iron closed at 51s 9d in Glasgow and at 43s
In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet. No.
1 foundry Northern Is quoted at fl4®14 50:
No. 2 foundry Northern, $13 75®14; No. I
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry South
ern soft, $13 50@13 75.
New York Metal Market.
Wall-street Stocks firm and Cotton higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds still inactive.
Si her and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat higher and excited at Chicago, but weak here.
Barley Futures lower under increased receipts.
Ojts 'ending upward. Corn and Rye finn, but quiet.
Hay still weak and all Feedstuff s firm.
No further change in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes steady. Onions and Vegetables weak.
Poultry and Game steady, with moderate supplies.
Good orchard Fruits firm and in very fair demand.
Butter continues to advance. Cheese weak and Eggs dull.
Prices for Bacon and Lard tending upward.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Sugar marked up .ioc per pound.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
SUGAR — Prices were advanced .10c yester
day. The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bass:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.15c;
Powdered. 6c ; Candy Granulated. 6c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.JH)c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.90c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; B*et Granu
lated (100- lb bags only). : Confectioners*
A. 5.00c: Magnolia A. 5.50c: Extra C. 5.40c;
Golden C. 5.30c: "D," 5.20c; barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 5<>-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Halt
barrels, 6.40c; boxes. 6.65c; II. & E. Crystal
Domino?, 8.90c per lb. No ordera taken ' for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
CANNED SALMON — The Bristol Bay paclc
this season, according to a statement ls«u^<l
yesterday amounts to 8OO..00O cases, of which
the Alaska Packers' Association packed 521.01,0.
ton. 18; Seattle, $3 50; Bryant. $S SO: Beaver
Hill, J5 50; Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 SO; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 in,
*ack.«; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
"Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Canne!. $8 5O per ton: Coke. $11 50@LJ
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. (11 45 per 2G0O lbs and |12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor OH, In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cas<~v ?1 10©l 12; Lncol. 50c for
boiled and 4Sc fop raw; China Xut. cases.
65® 80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels.
OSc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c: No. 1 Lard OH. 63c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring OH.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c;. Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%c: AstrSV. lOVtci
Star. l»^4c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 28c; Eo
cene, 23c ; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk.
16c: In cases. 22Vjc: Benzine, in bulk. 13c: la
cases, 10 l j<*; SO -degree Gasoline, in bulk, 25c;
In case*, 31c.
TURPENTINE — Sic per gallon la cases and
75c in drums and lrcn barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. W&
7%c per lb; White Lead. 714®7y 4 e. according
to quantity.
There have been but few change* to retail
prices since last week. The market* are still
heavily supplied with Fruits and Vegetables
ana prices have a downward tendency. Sweet
Potatoes are added to the list of Vegetables.
Butter Is higher in the wholesale market*,
out retail rates have not been affected as y«C
Eggs are still abundant and they stand exactly
the same as quoted last week.
Meats. Fish and Poultry are itli! aelllnf at
the long-established quotations.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington -f — ©10 OOtNew
Seattle j— it 8 5C| Wellington $ — C10 00
Roslyn $ — & 9 OOj Wellington
Richmond . .$ — ©9 50 Nut *— © S CO
Greta I — & 9 OOJCoos Bay . . .$— @ 7 SO
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter cholce.sq.-totfi 45i Eggs per dozen
Do good 3C@35i Ranch —©30
Do packed, Ib. — @25| Common 22V.®25
Cheese. Cal 10@13i Honey comb. lb.l5<e20
Cheese. Eastern. 2O®25 Do extracted .. S&1J
Cheese. Swiss ..25@35f
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, large, ea.75cfJSl| Ducks, each ,...Mc<J$t
Do small COtftiO; Geese, each...— <gSl 50
Young Roosters. Goslings $1 7.1©-J
each 73c©$l I Pigeons, pair ...— ®5O
Old Roosters, ea. 5C@65| Squabs, per. pair. 50-3 6l>
Fryers, each 5O@73JW1M Doves ' dox.75c'att
Broilers, each. . .25<S50t Rabbits, each ..2O®::5
Turkeys, per lb.25#27|Hare, each —©25
MEATS. PER FOUND—
Roast Beef, | Mutton Chops ...— ®15
choice cuts ..15@C0lPork Chops ....'— <313
Do plain ....10® 12 HI Veal Cutlets 15@li
Roast Veal ..12^^15; Corned Beet .... — « 8
Roast Pork ...12>-©13lBeef Stew 8«1O
Foreqtr Lamb. — '« 1-4! Mutton Stew ... Sfp H
Hlndqtr Lamb... — tSlSiVeal Stew ....10@12>»,
Foreqtr Mutton.. 8@tO<Soup Meat 5®l0
Leg Mutton — @I0|Soup Bonee 4»—
Tndrloin Steak.l2U«15|Hams 13018
Portrhse Steak. .18S2O! Bacon 13®2i>
Sirloin Steak.. 12Vi<S15J Pork Sausage.. IZ^fi 15
Round Steak ..10312m Chipped Beef ...2C®—
Umb Chops 15S2OJLard 12Vi9—
FRUITS AND NUTS —
Alllgtr Pears. ea>20@23| Lemons, dos ...MSgsO
Almonds 13i©20 Loganberries
Applea 4t2 8! per drawer — S40
Apricots. lt> .... 5® 61 Nutmeg Melons.ea 6® 10
Elackberries, per I Nectarines, lb...— *?*
drawer 13iQ25'Oranges. cho!ce.dz2r.f,>H>
Crab Apples, lb. 3@ 5) Do common ...15«2O
Cranberries, qt..— ®25i Peaches. "Ib 4© *»
Cantaloupes. ea.lO<?223l Plums lb 3'r* !i
Pecans — ®20| Pears, lb 30 3
Brazil Nuts ....20®— Pineapples. each.2"@5O
Bananas, doz .. .25®.^! Raisins lb ..:... 10® U
Cocoanuts. each.— <R10| Raspberries, per
Figs, dried, lb.. 60101 drawer' 40®60
. Do. fresh. lb.l0<emm Strawberries.
Grape Fruit. dz.50cS$l| per drawer 2Cti3O
Grapes, lb OH S| Walnuts, per lb.l.MSJO
Huckleberries, lb. — @15i Watermelons, ea. 15Q35
Limes, doz 10@15|
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb..lO®12VilLettuce per doz-Ut^O
Artichokes, doz. SniTntO, Leeks, ds bunch. I5fi2t>
Beets, dozen 10^— | Mushrooms lb..5Oc«$l
Beans, white.lb. 3© — | Onions. p«r lb...— €'-'i
Colored. per lb. JMi — tOkra. dried, lb ..20® —
Dried Lima. lb. 5-3 8! Do green, lb... SfflO
Green Lima ... 5@ 8' Potatoes per lb.liiSU
Cabbage, each .. 5tfl0i Parsnips, per dz.l.Vr*2O>
Celery, head ... 5«10! Radishes, dz bch.l3<8£0
Cress, dz bunch.lSfS — [Rhubarb lb —9 3
Cucumbers, doz. —^lOJSaKe. dz bnche<i.23« — ¦
Garlic 6© 8| String Beans, lb. 23 3
Green Peppers.lb 6«10! Summer Squash,
Dried Peppers ..10«20l per lb — ®2'i
Egg Plant, lb... Zft 5! Spinach, pep lb— O 5
Green Peas. lb... 3® 5 Sweet Potatoes.lb 99 S
Gre^n Corn. | Thyme, dz bnchs.23tfi:jO
Choice, doz ...S0<8 40! Turnips per doz. — «J15
Do. common . .13@25| Tomatoes, lb. .... 39 3
FISH—
Barracouta. . — ©13! Rockcod — @13
Carp 10@12mSea Basa — @15
CatHsh — ©12msm*lt3 — f{lS
Ccxlflsh — ©l2H|Sole» lOtTl, 1 ?
Flounders l(X?i— I Skates each ....lO'QriS
Halibut 13®— iSquid — «IO
Herring SSlOlTomcod 100—
Mackerel — fi — Turbot ......... .2C'<* —
Do. horse ... .l."<?£ — JTrout ......^f*T3
Rockflsh — «12«-i|Whltensh 10© —
Salmon, fresh . .15fJ20( Clams, gallon . .eOfJ— •
Do. smoked ..15^251 Do hardshell, lb 8® 10
Sardines lCiff — Crawfish — © —
Shrimps — © — Crabs, each ...12<4<&2:>
Shad 10@— Mussels, lb 12»,S«13
Striped Bass ...15®20 Oysters Cat. 10O.4OS5O"
Perch 1OS — Do Eastern. dz.30©10
Pomplno — @S0
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15@17c per 1b for
Gobblers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 2501 60; Goslings, f 1 50® 1 75; Ducks, $4&
4 50 per dozen for old. and $1'G0®y> for young;
Hens, $5 f.lKIC for large and $4 50@5 for small:
young Roosters. ?7<fi:7 50; old Roosters. }l 50(9
6; Fryers $4 00®5 BO; Broilers. . $.T&.t 50 for
large and $2 SO-g-.i for small; Pigeons, $1 50 per
dozen for old and $1 SStfl CO for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves, 00@73c per dozen; Hare,
11 25@1 50 per doxen; Cottontail Rabbits, fl 75
@2 per dozen. .
The long-delayed car of Western Poultry
finally came to hand making the third re
ceived for the current week, and It cleaned
up fairly at good prices. There was con
tinued firmness in California stock, a* receipts
were moderate and the demand steady. Good
heavy Hens and large young fowls — rere
particularly firm and cleaned up well at or
near the top quotations. Gams of good quality
found ready sale at steady rate*.
Poultry and Game.
I Family Ketail Market. 1
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues unchanged, With spot supplies light and
firmly held In Eplte of the rather easier j feel
ing recently noted In futures. Common are
quoted at 4@5V4c; prime. 6%@uc; choice,
tji4$Ttj%c; fancy. 7@T%c.
PRUNES— Are also unchansed. with quota
tions ranging from 2o to tf&c,. according to
Are quiet and without special
feature. Choice ' are held at "ViOlOc; extra
choice 10%<8>10V4c: fancy. ll@13c.
PEACHES— Attract a very light Jobbing de
mand but supplies are small and spot quo
tation's well maintained. Choice are quoted at
7@7*>ic; extra choice, 7%@8c; fancy, »H@10c.
cember 6.45c; January, 6.58c; March, 0.659
6.75c- Ma j\ 6.85@0.90c; July, 7@7.05e.
BUTTER — Unchaneed. ' - /
EGGS — Unchansed.
CHEESE — Small colored, 7H©8cj small
white, 6&ff8c.
DRIED FRUITS. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1904.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
BRATTLE, Aug. 6.— Clearing*, 1081,637;
balances, 1134,222. ' ,
TACOMA. Aug. 5. — Clearings, $308,651:
balances, $20,301. . -
PORTLAND. Au*. 0.— Cltartnga. $080,760:
balances, ( 68,622. '
8POKANE. Aug. 6.— Clearing*. f387,072;
balances, $50,474.
Northern Business.
. 8T. "LOUI8, Aug. 0.— Wool,. strong and ac
tive; medium grades, combing and clothing,
20®25c; light fine, 16:j20o; heavy fln«, I4'3ioo;
tub washed. 21@34o.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Walla 'Walla, T0Q71ot bluest em, 73074c; val
ley. 73@74o. Milling: Walla Walla, 72©73e;
bluestem, 73©7Gc; valley, « 78c . ;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15To Welcome State Organizer.
Redwood Circle of Women of Wood
craft on the evening of Tuesday, Aug
ust 9 will tender a reception' in Ea
gles" Hall to State Organizer Neighbor
Miss Bertha Somner, one of the
brightest women who has; ever been
selected a for the. position she occupies
and an eloquent speaker along frater
nal lines. A fine programme has been
arranged for, the occasion under, the
direction of a committee of - which
Neighbor Mrs. Wilder is the chairman.
An inventory of the estate of Mich
ael Mullany was filed yesterday in the
Probate Court, showing a value of
$69,079 58, the chief item being the
home at the northwest of
Washington and Scott streets. The
land there is appnaised at $9000 and
the improvements at $7000. Mullany
was a lawyer and a member of the
firm of Mullany, Grant & Cushing.
His interest in the firm is valued at
$3000.
Mullany's Estate Appraised.
A parcels post convention between
the United States and Japan took ef
fect August 1. San Francisco, Seat
tle, Tacoma and Honolulu have been
designated as exchange offices. No
parcels may exceed $50 in value, four
pounds six ounces in weight, three feet
six inches in length in any direction
and six feet greatest length and girth
combined. Customs declarations must
be made by the senders and the usual
duties will be collected. at the country
of destination.
Japanese Parcels Post.
On April 13, 1901, the Southern Pa
cific Company commenced the laying
of a track along First street and an
nounced that . warehouses would be
built as soon as possible, thus per
manently obstructing the thorough
fare. When the citizens of Pomona
learned of the plan they turned oui
In force and put the corporation's ser
vants to flight. Many .heads wert
broken before this was accomplished
and for a time much more seriou;
trouble was threatened.
The Southern Pacific Company ther
appealed to the courts for damage:
and an injunction restraining the citi
zens from interfering with the cor
poration's work. . The lower court de
cided in favor of the city and th<
higher tribunal affirms that decision
It is held that the road was in oper
and notorious use for thirty years anc
that the -railroad should have pre
sented its claims earlier if it hoped t<
prove title to the highway.
The citizens of Pomona used First
street as a highway aa early as 1871.
In 1875 the Supervisors of Los Angeles
County laid out and recorded Flrsi
street aa a public thoroughfare. The
agents of the railroad were shown tc
have recognized the claim of the citi
zens at various times, although the
corporation was never officially noti
fied that the street was made public.
The Supreme Court handed down a
decision yesterday denying the claim
of the Southern Pacific Company to
the title to First street in the city of
Pomona. It is held that the corpora
tion allowed its rights to lapse, if it
was ever possessed of any in the prop
erty in dispute. The action of the
citizens in using force to maintain
their rights is upheld.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany acquired title to the twenty acres
of which the thoroughfare consists by
purchase from Louis Phillips in 1873.
The property was subsequently trans
ferred to the Southern Pacific Com
pany, assignee of the other corpora
tion. * • •
City of Pomona Puts Enemy
to Jvoiit in Battle With
Clubs and Points of Law
Kate Baird's complaint for divorce
against Charles "W. Baird recites that
they were married at Elk City, Kans.,
in 1886 and have two children. He
has neglected to provide the necessar
ies of life, although he is said to have
an Income of $100 a month, $400 cash,
$600 worth of cattle and $1500 inter
est in land.
. Hettie Hyde asks for divorce from
Fred C. Hyde on the ground of cru
elty. She recites that on several oc
casions he has beaten her, choked her
and threatened to cut her throat. He
is said to be intemperate and is the
owner of much valuable realty.
Other suits for divorce were filed
by Collita Tucker against Frederick
O. Tucker for desertion; Theodore
Miller against Ella M. Miller, for de
sertion; Flora Cantwell against John
Cantwell, for desertion and neglect;
John H. Lavaff against Alta M. Lav
aff, for desertion.
Divorces were granted by Judge
Kerrigan to Grace L. Foster fi*om
William S. Foster for cruelty, and
neglect; to Clara Hinchliffe from Wil
liam Hinchliffe, for desertion and
neglect; by Judge Hunt to Mabel Hill
from Lincoln W. Hill, on' a cross
complaint, he having defaulted after
having charged her with cruelty.
Ernest D. Colburn, a dentist, was
sued yesterday for divorce by his
wife, Emily M. Colburn, on the ground
of desertion. She says that he is
earning $200 a month and she asks
for $75 a month alimony.
Kittie M. Parker sues Charles F.
Parker for divorce on the ground ot
cruelty and alleges that they were
married at Oakland in January, 1901,
and that every two weeks for the last
two years he has abused her by strik
ing her in the face and kicking her.
They have a child, two years old.
Mrs. E. D. Colburn Asks for Divorce
and Alimony — Several Other
Divorce Suits Filed.
WINS VICTORY
IN TWO WAYS
WIFE OF DENTIST SAYS
THAT SHE WAS DESERTED
The Supreme Court was not able to
consider the case against Griffith J.
Griffith, the Los Angeles millionaire,
yesterday because the attorneys
wanted more time to prepare argu
ments. The matter will come up for
hearing again in October. Meanwhile
the capitalist, who is making a hard
legal fight to escape punishment for
shooting his wife's eye out, must re
main in the Los Angeles County Jail.
Griffith Case Is Put Over.
Jules at 315 Fine St. is in no way con
nected with any uptown restaurant, •
These rates are good via Truckse and include
a steamer ride around the lake. Ask any ag?nt
for folder and details, or at the San Francisco
office. Southern Pacific. 61.1 Market street. •
Going on a vacation? Try Lake Tahoe!
The fishing is glorious this year and tner* !s
any amount o! inducement to the one craving
sweet mountain atr, the eptce of pine and fir
forests and scenery whose grandeur exhilarates.
The Southern Pacific sells tickets from San
Francisco as follows:
Friday to Tuesday excursion tickets. .; . . .$10 SO
Ten-day round trip excursion tickets. .. .$13 30
Thirty-day round trip excursion tickets.. $13 >5
N'lnety-day round trip excursion tickets. .$16 50
It's the Right Place and Easily
Reached by Low Rates.
SPEND VACATION AT TAHOE.
Head Cut by a Gas Pipe.
Joe Hawacour, a bartender In a
French liquor store at 138 Fifth
street, received two deep wounds on
his head yesterday from a piece of
gas pipe wielded by a billposter
named Pete, who has been a hanger
on around the saloon off and on for
several months. Hawacour can only
account for the assault on the theory'
that Pete intended to render him un
conscious with the view to taking the
money that was, in the cash drawer.
Police Officer T. Hobl. whose beat is
on Fifth street, scouts the robbery the
ory and thinks the assault was the re
sult of trouble between the two men.
The Injured man had hi3 wounds
dressed at the Emergency Hospital by
Dr. Pinkham.
D. Crighton and Frank McDonald
were arrested and charged with selling
pools on a horse race, but the police
man's inability to prove that the horse
race in question has ever been run re
sulted in the defendants' dismissal by
Judge Cabaniss.
Samuel J. Keyes, who followed his
wife • from Philadelphia to this city
with evident intent to do her bodily
harm, was escorted to the Atlantic ex
press and placed aboard by a police
man specially detailed for that purpose.
His release by Judge Conlan was or
dered on condition that he at once re
turn to the Quaker City and shun San
Francisco as long as his wife lives here.
• .-'•¦' • •
amed witnesses as shrewdly as the old
est Police Court practitioner could have
done it. His plea was provocation suf
ficient to warrant the attack, Hurley
having addressed to him a most of
fensive epithet. The hearing will be re
sumed to-dav.
The witnesses to the will v.ere W. S.
Wood, Reuben H. Lloyd and Frank F.
Bostwick.
It is set forth in the will that Crocker
had organized the Sierra Investment
Company and purchased in its name
a lot on the southeast side of Market
street, eixty feet southwesterly from
the corner of First street and extend
ing through to Stevenson. Upon this
lot he contemplated soon to commence
the construction of a modern building
and says: "If at the time of my death
the building is not commencd or com
pleted, my direction is t!.at my execu
tors* shall complete said structure."
"My express direction Is that they
shall' not be hampered or restrained
in aiding or assisting in the construc
tion of and payment for the contem
plated structure, but shall be facilitat
ed In every way in obtaining means to
that end." ry.W-^/-'.
"In dividing my estate between my
wife and son, I direct that my wife
shall have the right to take out of my
estate, at market valuation, such bonds
as she may deem best, excepting the
stock of the H. S. Crocker Company,
of which Ehe may take her share."
He gives the wife and son the right
to borrow money. Incur indebtedness,
mortgage or give property as security
and, out of his interest in the Sierra
Investment Company, to advance
mtraey for the payment of the building
for which he provides. The will says:
Charles H. Crocker shall pay $5000 to
Emma W. Curtis, $5000 to Henry
Crocker's niece. Nettie Cornwall, and
$5000 to Lizzie E. Platt. To his broth
er-in-law. Arthur Swinnertori, he
leaves 150 shares of the\H. S. Crocker
Company or $10,000 in lieu thereof.
The will continues with the following
clause:
Next, in the will, he said that as he
understood the law, a one-half interest
in his estate would be vested in his
wife. He confirms this understanding
of the law and gives her all of the
household furniture, etc.
To his son, Charles H. Crocker, he
leaves the remaining half of the es
tate, subject to the payment of the
other charges and legacies. The son
is directed to pay to his father's sis
ter, Sarah E.. McKee, $600 a year until
the estate is distributed. He makes
this provision "for the purpose of pre
venting the estate from being embar
rassed or the title to any of it 'being
clouded."
In the first instance Crocker de
clared that all of his estate was the
community property of himself and his
wife.
The will of Henry S. Crocker was
filed in the probate department of the
County Clerk's office on Thursday, to
gether with the petition for its admis
sion to probate, but the documents
were immediately removed and not re
turned for public inspection until yes
terday.
The will of the millionaire, who died
at the St. Francis Hotel on July IS
last, at the age of 72 years, was dated
December 20, 1001. He appointed his
wife, Clara Ellen Crocker, and his son,
Charles Henry Crocker, executors
without bonds.
Will of Henry S. Crocker
Says Wife and Charles
Shall Share Big Estate
The pension was allowed In October.
1S00. In April. 1902. he was allowed
a pension of ?60 a month, the latter
Sum being on his salary as captain for
three year?. Hogan died on March 14
cf this year from the result of illness
contracted and injuries received in the
service. His widow demanded pay
ment of the pension and It was re
fused, hence her suit for a writ of
mandate to compel the payment.
Hogan qualified as a fireman in No
vember. 1895. In September, 1900,
h«? was physically incapacitated from
attending to his duties and asked to
be retired on a pension of 54 0 a
month, half of his salary as a hose
man.
A euit which promises to be a test
case as to the liability of the firemen's
pension fund for the payment of pen
sions tt> the widows of deceased fire
men was commenced yesterday in the
Superior Court by Phoebe F. Hogan,
vhose husband was a hoseman and
later a captain in the Fire Depart
ment- She asks the court to compel
the firemen's pension fund to pay her
the pension of $40 a month which her
.husband had received before his
death. The suit is directed against the
Board of Fire Pension Commissioners,
John D. Barrett and other members
of the board.
' Suit . Commenced Promises to Be a
Test Case on the Question
of Liability.
MRS. HOGAX SUES FOR
FIREMEN'S PENSION FUND
SON DIVIDES
WITH MOTHER
McKenzie's next move was to try to
locate the Ashton family, but he was
surprised to find that no such family
lives on Washington street Hoping
that Annie might return^ to . the St.
Francis, McKenzie patiently loitered
about the establishment the greater
part of yesterday and finally was ad
vised to report the case to the police.
Meanwhile he had notified the young
jgirl's relatives of the fact of her-dis
appearance and received a response to
exert every possible effort to find her.
The missing girl is of fair complexion,
rather attractive and. according to
McKenzie, is engaged to marry a prom
inent young man of Santa Barbara.
The mysterious disappearance from
the St. Francis Hotel last Tuesday of
Miss Annie Baker of Santa Barbara is
deeply concerning her friends and rela
tives. Yesterday one of her friends,
"William McKenzie of Monterey, who
arrived here late Thursday in search of
the young woman, failing to gain any
trace of her. acted on the advice of the
hotel people and reported the case to
the police. The missing girl .Is 17 years
of age and has been living with her
mother in Santa Barbara,' where she
was' employed by the telephone com
pany as an operator.
Two weeks ago she journeyed north
to Monterey to visit the wife of Mc-
Kenzie, of whom she was a school
chum. Sunday night, according to the
statement made by McKenzie to the
hotel clerks yesterday, Annie received
a letter from this city which she
claimed was from a family named Ash
ton, living on Washington street, in
viting her to spend a few days with
them.
She left Monterey on the afternoon
train on Monday and, arriving here
late that evening, went to the St. Fran
cis Hotel, where, for some reason
which is yet to be explained, she reg
istered under the name of Mabel Bond.
The next day she left the hotel" and
that was the last seen of her. The
young girl left her trunk with the Mc-
Kenzies in Monterey and had very lit
tle money with her.
Wednesday a young man of Monterey
with whom Anne was acquainted, re
ceived a note from her briefly announc
ing her arrival in this city and stating
that she was staying at the St. Fran
cis Hotel. The letter was turned over
to the McKenzies, who, knowing that
their young acquaintance was not pos
sessed of sufficient funds to permit her
to stay at a hotel and, recalling that
Annie had stated that she purposed
visiting friends here, became suspicious
that all was not right and on Thursday
McKenzie came to this city to find
the girl. Inquiry at the hotel devel
oped the fact that no one by the name
of Baker was there, but a description
of the girl led to the discovery that
she had registered Under the name of
Mabel Bond.
Annie Baker of Santa Bar
bara Comes Here to Visit,
but Suddenly Disappears
Mary Tobln, sharp of . feature and
tongue, denied that Rio Nieble,- swart
and slow of speech,; was. struck by all
the household • articles • she • hurled at
him, but acknowledged, that she scored
more hits than misses. Yes, she be
lieved .she could .average seventy-five
bullseyes out of a possible hundred,
although she had' never kept even a
mental tally of her shots. But. she
wouldMike to : have the court under
stand that she did not do all the throw-
. J. ,H._ de . Acavadoc,, an Ecuadoran,
was sent by Judge Conlan to answer
a forgery charge in the Superior Court,
with . bail set at $2000. . , The defendant
is accused of having obtained money
from several persons in this city by
means of forged .drafts from banking
institutions in his native republic.
• • •
Sixteen-year-old Ruth Brown meekly
promised to be- a good little girl and
obedient to her stepsister, Mrs. Esther
Donaire, if Judge Conlan would kind
ly let bygones remain bygones and re
frain, from sending her to a public in
stitution for the restraint of • revolu
tionary maidens. His Honor severely
scolded Ruth for provoking Mrs. Don
aire to enlist his aid in the enforce
ment.of discipline and then continued
the case- until next Wednesday, advis
ing Ruth to be on her very best be
havior during the interim, else she will
surely be consigned to a reform school.
Mrs. Donaire, Who lives at the St.
Kathryn Hotel, stated that she is
Ruth's only guardian and that the girl
recently acquired a habit of disobedi
ence and following her own inclination
in the matter of violating the curfew
ordinance. ' When remonstrated with
she flew into a violent rage and the
immediate cause of the ward's arrest
was a severe trouncing which Bhe ad
ministered to Mrs. Donaire because
that lady chlded her for staying away
from home until after midnight and
failing to satisfactorily explain where
she had been. The guardian subse
quently ascertained that her ward had
spent the evening /with a' bartender
and that some of the places visited by
the couple were not of the character
that unsophisticated girls should be al
lowed to enter.
During her'recital Mrs. Donaire was
deeply affected. While she felt that
the child was getting beyond her con
trol and in imminent danger of going
astray, she shrank from having her
committed to an institution for' way
ward girls. That the Judge keenly
sympathized with, the woman was
shown by the sharpness with which he
reproached the defendant, who seemed
to realize that she had acted very in
discreetly.
"So conflicting is the testimony," he
said, "that only a Solomon could hear
it and then form a logical conclusion.
If no evidence at all had been adduced
I might be able to guess whether the
defendant did or did not whip the
horse, but the more witnesses I heard
the less capable I became of venturing
a just guess and now I'm utterly un
able to even form a conjecture. There
fore a continuance for two weeks is
ordered and the next hearing will be
before Judge Fritz, who, with mind
refreshed by vacation and unconfused
by the evidence, should be able to
guess an honest decision right off the
reel." - ? •
In th*e meantime Rice is at large on
his own recognizance.
Then came a veterinary surgeon to
explain the pathological features of the
case. His post mortem examination of
the horse satisfied him that death was
directly attributable to the injuries in
flicted by the cable car, but he declined
to swear that other injuries that might
have resulted fatally had not been re
ceived by the animal immediately prior
to the collision. To the best of his be
lief, however, based upon an extended
experience In the treatment of horses,
the beast in question did not die from
the effects of a whipping.
At this point of the proceedings the
Judge asked- the chief prosecuting at
torney if the case were one of equity
and if the owners of the cable car were
liable to be dragged in as lntervenors,
to which the attorney replied that as
the case had gone beyond his control
he' did not dare predict what, it might
evolve. Then spake the court.
Milton Rice, vegetable peddler, was
driving a horse that collided with a
cable car at Sutter street and Grant
avenue. The horse was killed and Mil
ton\Rice was before Police Judge Ca
baniss yesterday morning on a charge
of cruelty to animals. Half a dozen at
torneys and about a score of witnesses,
including several policemen, were con
cerned in the case, and the hearing
consumed' an hour of the court's valu
able working time. Then it was contin
ued for two weeks, when more wit
nesses will be ready to testify.
According to the evidence for the
prosecution Milton Rice, seated upon
the wagon, whipped the horse most un
mercifully while it was proceeding
down , the declivity on Dupont street
which extends from Pine to Sutter. Un
der the lash the animal, although aged
and somewhat decrepit, dashed along
so speedily that the driver was unable
to check it when he tried to avoid the
fatal collision.
Contradictory of the foregoing was
the statement of Milton Rice himself,
corroborated by witnesses galore. Rice
stated that he had no whip on the oc
casion referred to and that he did not
administer corporal punishment to the
horse, but orally urged it onward to
keep It from being overtaken by the
wagon, which could not be stopped
from , going down the hill of its own
accord because of. a defective brake.
On the cobble pavement between Pine
and Bush . streets the vehicle bumped
along -with increasing momentum un
til it arrived at the asphaltum sur
face below, and there the horse started
sliding and continued to slide until
stopped by the car at Sutter street.
No,, the horse's name was not Kelly,
nor did Mr. Rice know of any reason
why it should have been. Of one thing
he was absolutely positive, and that
was the absence of a whip from his
driving equipment. His employer
strictly prohibited the whipping of his
equine property. Nor was the slack of
the reins utilized as a lash, because
the reins were not long enough to per
mit of such use.
MISSING SINCE TUESDAY
• • •
; ing of dishes and bric-a-brac that for
eight years last past has frequently
routed ; harmony ' from 827 Jackson
street, where she and Rio dwell to
gether, though not in wedlock. Rio
did hot remain a passive recipient of
her fusillades, she said, but fired back
with aim even more accurate than
hers. As to his declaration that his
cranium bore furrows, made by dishes
caromed off it by her, she could show
some evidences of the excellence of his
marksmanship, "but she did not desire
to make an exhibition of herself unless
Judge Conlan were unwilling to take
her word for it. Judge Conlan hastily
decided that her word was as good as
her bond, and Clerk "Pat" Grey looked
disappointed.
Socontradictory, in every detail were
the statements made by Mary and Rio
that the court continued the case and
expressed a yearning to hear the testi
mony of Patrolman Skaln, who arrested
the woman on the man's complaint and
is believed to be strictly impartial as
between them.
Henry Lagreen was accused of bat
tery by August Berger, head janitor of
the Emma Spreckels building, and the
defendant admitted the battery and
pleaded strong provocation. He was
employed to assist Berger, he stated,
and when he became tired of obliging
that person with money loans, which
were never repaid, he was discharged.
"Then I gave him a thump," Lagreen
added, "because he was the meanest
man I had ever met." Judge Cabaniss
Imposed a fine of $5.
Charles A. Landis, a former police
man, who was recently fined $300 for
beating the woman' who is suing him
for divorce, appeared before Judge
Conlan as defendant in a case of bat
tery, the complainant being his broth
er-in-law, John Hurley. Landis saved
attorney's fees by pleading his own de
fense, and he examined and cross-ex-
Young Guest of St. Francis
Is Anxiously Sought by
Her Friends and Police
Witnesses Contradict Each: Other so Flatly That
Police Judge Cabaniss Confesses Inability to
Even Guess a Decision in Accord With Justice
GIRL IS LAST
SEEN AT HOTEL
CHARGE OF CRUELTY TO A HORSE
DEVELOPS RECKLESS TESTIMONY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1904.
Ignatian Council No. 35, Young
Men's Institute, is to have a picnic
en Admission day, September 9. for
which • big " preparations are Jbeing:
made by various committees.
To Picnic. on Admission Day.
Wife— Did doctor prescribe Old Gilt. Edge?
Husband — No; he said set the best whisker-
He . knew that I knew and now you know
which is the best. Wholesale at 29-31 Battery
st.. S. F. Wichman. Lutgen & Co. *
16
MR. DOOLEY,
The celebrated Irish wit, on the
duties of a Vice Presidential
candidate in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALI*: '.'¦¦
' _ _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
911-913 * A
MarKct Street
TEL SOUTH 222. I
Largest and most com- 1
plctc marKct in the West 1
t High-Class eatables and I
drinkables at lowest prices, a
FRESH MEATS I
By Combs 5 Fischer, 8
FRESH FRUITS AND I
VEGETABLES, 1
POULTRY AND GAME, I
FRESH FISH, I
j DELICATESSEN, I
ICECREAM AND I
CONFECTIONERY, |
GROCERIES AND I
LIQUORS, 1
BUTTER AND EGGS, I
CIGARS AND 1
TOBACCOS. S
1 SEE OUR WINDOWS I
ri ¦ V CClf rn rrolE ' lt relief. Cast* removeO.
f|DI f*F* or K Pymptomd nerer return- A com-
" ¦ "" . ™" pleto and permanent ronftita-
AK'3 flQTUHfl tion»l CURE . D—k CO In*.
M V I n Irtfl Writ* *t once for It, to
P. HAROLD HAYES, Buffalo, N. Y.
When you buy a $14 suit here you know you
are getting your money's worth in fabrics,
lining, workmanship, fit and finish — things
which are essential to ths life of a sui*. Our %
business suits at $14 aie types of the best
gaiety. You can go higher— price and quality
2nd always money's worth.
Q O
open BOYS' MODELS OPEN
SATURDAY Our Fall Styles in Boys' and Little SATURDAY
NIGHT Chaps' Togs are arriving daily. Lots NIGHT
T _, of pretty ideas for youngsters in the TILL
newest weaves and colorings.
T^N Brown's Busters, Russians, Eton Sailors TEN
. . ' O '• O
Wagon Tongue Bat and Champion Baseball with every
Suit Purchase in the Jureni/e Department
¦
MILL TO MAN
516'SK MARKET 'STnfinSnm/
P VUE'S. | HALE'S.
Our New York buyer sends us a big lot
Wash Skirts to Sell at 95c
They will make enthusiasm to-day on the second floor. Lots
of women will want them for vacation, lots more will want them
to wear while working in the garden or picnicking. Extra values.
-They're made of Bedford cord, seven-gore flare, tailor stitched seams,
finished with a piped lap and tailored buttons; skirt has deep hem and
an inverted pleat down the back; colors, blue and white and black and
white. Lengths from .ig to 45 inches. Extra value to-day at 95c.
All C. Curtin's Gloves Go
To-Day at Two Under Prices
And every one is concerned ; women, men, boys and girls,
for it's C. Curtin's entire stock we speak of. Maybe they will
last all day.
89c Pair At $1.15 Pair
For $1.00 and $1.25 Gloves. For $1.50' and $1.75 Gloves.
For women, soft kid gloves, with two Por Women — 2-clasp French kid
and three clasps, Mocha or Suede gloves; 3-clasp suedes In black, gray
All sizes, all good shades, every pair Tot Men — 1-clasp cape gloves, oak.
In perfect condition. If you had bought Havana and tan shades; strongly made,
them of C. Curtln you would have paid ; Men's 1-clasp Mocha gloves in gray
Buv ttt.t'^.iJ? 1^ e °°% ValU ni and brown: J ust a few pal " Ot eaeh
Buy them at Hales to-day. You will . . . „ . , vvnr nair in narfeet
get same quality, and. besides, save kind and size Every pair In perfect
money. $1.00 and $1.25 gloves at 89c condition: Instead of $1.50 and *1.75.
pair. „ pay $1.15 a pair.
Men's Underwear To=Day
Big Savings on Every Garment
We are closing out all C. Curtin's stock. It means big savings for
you to-day and big selling for us, for the garments C. Curtin sold at $l.oo
and $1.25 are 65c, the $1.50 and $1.75 garments are 98c each. Let's look
at them closer. See if it isn't worth a good long trip to come and share
them to-day.
65c Garment 98c Garment
Worth $1.00 and $1.25. Worth $1.50 and $1.75.
Are all wool; some of them are In All-wool shirts and drawers, winter
C M t , ton w. hat ls mer «rlzed to look like welght . ot fl ne camel's hair and natural
silk; shirts and drawers splendidly , 4 _
madn and all sizes.* Instead of $1.00 wool, all sizes. $1.50 and $1.7» gar-
and $1.25. 65c. ments at 98c
Drug Economy Stuffed Dates 10c
And Hale's Go Hand in Hand A delicious delicacy, good and
wholesome; selected dates, filled
lO-Day. with grated walnuts and almonds.
50c for Hudnut's marvelous cold Every one you eat makes you want
cream. It's the best thing for sun- another, ioc package.
k..™ -> n A -> rmnA nr«»nti« fnr Chocolate Chips, 35c Ib. — Those little
burn and a good preventive tor flat pleccs of candy that falrly melt
chapped lips; perfectly harmless, . in your mouth.
guaranteed so. It's a laree jar you ~~
can buy at Hale's to-day for 50c. <&sST-*4$ '___. '7$ a
Lola Montez Elixir of I.Ules. 25c large \JS& /Jr\&&™'&^-
bottle an excellent skin preparation. ]&/ Jffl JgggBt tf&P $g£p' <££&?
Toilet soaps, 6 for 25c. A large assort- gfff Ma^~ -^7
ment of hard milled soaps. ¦£=* i^*a,~ io^**> HQOp^.*^
•Chamois skins. 7c each. ~ *^^
Ye Olde English Inn.
144 Mason sc Music by th« treat P-ia
American Quartet. . . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TEACH THi£ CHILDREN
A delicious dentifrice makes ths tooth-
brush lesson easy. SOZODONT Is a fra-
grant liquid clsanscr, penetrating tha littlo
crevices of the teeth it purifies them.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
polishes ths delicate enamel, but does not
scratch, thus it prevents the accumulation
cf tartar, without injuring the enamel, a
property found only in SOZODONT.
3 FORJIS: LIQUID. POWDER, PASTE.
The North Western*
Union Pacific Excursions
•fford unu«u»r •pperteaMw for,, aa
•coaomlctl and wa»f ictory jourory to
GhicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday.
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier. I
Choice of routes. ¦
For fall lnfermatioa tpply to or tddrm 1
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK.
'tf. C ««T,» 1 Ajent. C«nT Agrnt P»»» DepC
Chicago A North- Western Ry. Union P»ciflc R. R.
S 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Moatcomei7 St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
I CARTERS! c * n{E SICK nEADACnc>
Brittle Genuine Must Bear
H 'Y*rf* Fao-Sur.ila Signature
MARKS BROS-
35c Crushed Belts 25c
The newest fad — a • rich " _ _
and popular style — your X^ft
choice of any color, to-day, ™ v ' v
A MID SEASON SALE
OF WlNTlf WHiTE
SHIRTWAISTS
60c Shirt Waists 0Q n
TO-DAY JJ "
$1.00 Shirt Waists CC P
TO-DAY 0J "
$1.25 Shirt Waists oo P
TO-DAY °0«
$1.95 Shirtwaists C| |f|
TO-DAY .. WlilU
These WAISTS are mads of an elegant
quality of lawti — anO beautifully trimmed —
slick and summery styles to select from.
CH n 'AUTOMOBILK VEILS, like cut.
¦JUu forme rly sold for $1. They're three
www yards long; made with neat hem-
stitched border In all colors.
$1.10 Woman's Vests 7P n
LISLE and WOOL MIXED I Ml.
LONG SLEEVE VESTS. In f UU
white or gray. Special at
I $1.50 Pure Wool Vests QQp
Come In lone sleeves— all Mflli
colors. Special to-day. . . U U U
r i
LAWN TUCKED FEATHER STITCHED
, BERTHAS, like CUT. are RIGHT at the
HEIGHT of the SEASON and very much
In DEMAND.
10c Taffeta Wash Ribbon *2%
2 inches wide, a!l blars. O0
I2!>c Fancy Striped Wash f>y d
Ribbon 3 inches wide. wC
1 WOMEN'S HOSE
At iRft Marked down from 19c.
Hi IJu white-foot hose.
¦ i ftr,' • Marked down from 33c. ALL-
fil /hO OVER LACE HOSE, in as-
nl &.UU sorted patterns.
Marks Bros.
, The Home of Honest Values
1220-1222-1224 MarKet Street